ɪᴠᴀɴ ᴛᴀʟᴇꜱ ɪ - "Albradorr, The Kingdom Of Greed"
Hey join my Livestream now!
The last place I wanted to be was home
I beg you, please save me from my best friend
The All-Blind Laboratory
Creature..
I applied to become a night-time custodian at the local elementary school. There was a set of rules I had to follow. (PART 1)
I work for a company that recovers strange artifacts. Workers must follow specific rules to survive. (part 3
Have you tried CBD with melatonin? Works amazing for so many. It’s all natural, safe and highly effective. Use WELCOME15 for 15 percent off your order. Just trying to help. https://victoryleaf.com/collections/homepage/products/melatonin-cbd-softgels-pm
This was my dream
I'm a Patient at Brentworth Hospital and Something is Very Wrong!
The Making of Wonderland
I found a subreddit I shouldn't have. I've never regretted anything more in my life.
I applied to become a night-time custodian at the local elementary school. There was a set of rules I had to follow.
Leaving my caravan during a desert apocalypse was the worst idea ever.
The Robert Belz Memorial Cemetery
Good Vibrations from a Park Ranger
Salt of the Earth, Part 4: War is Hell
The demon is nearer than I think all 4 parts
My boyfriend used to be a driver for the Dark Convoy. When one door closes, another opens.
Three years ago I was kidnapped with three others to become a star. I got away, and they didn’t. It's the 3rd anniversary of their rebirth and they have found me.
I accepted an invitation to a Feast, this is what happened.
Hey mom, did you hear about the kid that stabbed his mom on the news?
Strange findings in Kaunas Cemetery
hueman invader
hueman invader
hueman invader...
There's a strange newspaper that's only delivered at midnight...(Part 16)
Grandma's Pumpkins
I Feel Like I'm Not Alone Anymore...(Pt 1)
We heard static in our Ps4 party and now I'm scared for my life
I Feel Like I'm Not Alone Anymore...(Pt 1 The Face in the Blizzard)
The Center for Personalized Health at Northwell Health is currently recruiting for a virtual, at-home Personalized Trial of Light Therapy for Fatigue. Participants can be located anywhere in the U.S. If you are interested in learning more, please visit https://www.personalizedhealth.org/fatigue
[Academic] Personalized Trial of Light Therapy for Fatigue (ages 18-59, residing in the U.S., all genders/ethnicities)
My horror story (idk, I’m new to this)
Hey, listen!
My Son's Brain Keeps Growing
Goodbye Bear
Loud ass neighbors are keeping me up and I can’t sleep
Scratch
I Feel Like I'm Not Alone Anymore...(Pt 1 The Face in the Blizzard)
I solved the Fermi Paradox and I regret it. Machine Hearts and Electric Eyes.
Today a patient managed to spoil my favorite part of my job.
I work at a supernatural lab. Our vaccines are rabbit tested. rabbit approved.
My Unborn Sibling spoke to Me
A Sharp Knife
I'm a Park Ranger, I Never Should have Patrolled on New Years.
Damia, the creature below... (P1)
They Sold Packaged Love
The Pigs
I am your personal assistant in a hell he created.
I am ******, your virtual assistant. How can I help you?
I’m Seeking Help
If you ever wake up at night, never look outside your windows
I used to babysit kids and was attacked by the parent - I can’t get over it
The little girl I babysit warned me about the Nope Noodles. I thought it was a joke at first...
Anything new about Finding Vanessa part 2? Or tales from the gastation?
914
914 (Part-1)
914 (Part-1)
My computer just spoke
I went to a Flat-Earthers’ convention and now I’m a believer
My great great Grandfathers time in World War One
Nights With Mama
Just another sleep paralysis story
Night Terrors Into Reality
Night terror into reality
(!PART ONE!) so... i got sent to this mental institution...
Bored demon
Bored demon
Please help. What am I?
Now you see me
What am I?
Bored demon
Bored demon
(!PART ONE!) so... i got sent to this mental institution...
Four hundred dollars
DUNGEONS AND DARKNESS: Where the Dead Things Live
tales from an unmarked town[part 6]
tales from an unmarked town[part 6]
I'm a serial killer but I kill people for a reason.
Something Strange Outside My House
Spilling the hottest tea from Goat Valley Campgrounds
Testing if I can post
Four walls and no door
Something Happened to my Son after visiting Chuck E Cheese
My Boyfriend Started A Cult And Now He Wants Me To Give Him An Heir
The Substance
I got lost in a Chuck E. Cheese and think I went to a different reality
The Tomato Town Massacre
Withered Roses
Your Favorite Youtubers Have Dark Sides
Something sinister is coming for my college town
I survived camping. My pride and dignity, however, did not.
My name is Arthur Bromley, and from 1986 to 1989, I was a journalist for the Taranaki Tribune.
The Song That Never Ends
Trash Golem or How Decaf Saved My Life
In Bulgaria we host a special dinner at Christmas Eve, i finally understood its true meaning
The First Love of a Millions and Millions Year Old Dragon
My Suicide NoteHunting the Third Parent
One of the most cringe moments of my life
The Song That Does Not End
"Super Hell" Visitor's Pass
Time
I work for a company that recovers strange artifacts. Workers must follow specific rules to survive. (part 2)
The Wee Beasty
Ugh, I'm a terrible ghost. A new family moved into my mansion. I am trying to haunt them and scare them away but they can't take a hint! They just keep arguing with each other!
I work for a company that recovers strange artifacts. Workers must follow specific rules to survive. [Part 2: Classroom]
The cult in black
Ugh, I'm a terrible ghost. A new family moved into my mansion. I am trying to haunt them and scare them away but they can't take a hint! They just keep arguing with each other!
Glitch
Salt of the Earth, Part 3: A Peculiar Cavalry
I woke up this morning, and a list of rules appeared that I must follow forever. Part 2
hi
My Penis Didn't Come Home
My Penis Didn't Come Home Last Night But I Think I Know Where it is.
me and the scary bag of chips (my mom said i ate them but i didnt it was the gost)
An Angel’s Perspective
Beware the Grinner
Forgotten memory
Salt of the Earth, Part 3: A Peculiar Cavalry
Forgotten memory
Deerwomen
scaryest story!1!!11!! (VERY OC I MAD THIS UP ON MY OWN!!1!1!11!)
Forgotten memory
We want to help destroy the human race. But you guys are doing a pretty bang up job yourselves.
I have never been a mother
Shaken baby syndrome
My Documented Nightmares NM1
Antagonists Anonymous
I feel like I'm not alone any more...
Maria on the moon Repost
Four Walls without a door
Press ENTER to Begin
Oldhill Lake
My experiences with Gui Da Qiang (part 2)
My experiences with Gui da Qiang (pt 2)
Explorer of Realities: The Figure in the Stalls
I am looking for a human host???
Dr. Diablo's Demonic Dong
The day I saw a demon
The day I saw a demon
I think I lived in a condo with a ghost.
The light.
Condom Run - How Getting Rubbers Saved My Life
The Drug That Removes Empathy
The Drug That Removes Empathy
I inherited an old psychiatric hospital from my grandfather (Part 2)
There is nothing more devastating than the loss of a pet...Except for them coming back
My heart is a grave.
The Hunhaxtchee
There was a small zombie outbreak in Vietnam
Here Comes Suzy Snowflake
The Gang
The Song That Never Ends
The Water Tower
That Time Leonardo da Vinci Had to Fight Off a Roving Pack of Coked Out Time Traveling Baboons
The page at the end of my Bed
The youth of beyonder hill :original horror story:
The Edge of Nowhere
Arachnoerotica
I woke up this morning, and a list of rules has appeared that I must follow forever. Part 2.
April, April
Family Values
toby his story
Stay away from the suburbs in Michigan (Part 16)
I had sex with a fish
How to Disappoint Your Parents and Accidentally Become a Demon Lord
The Crawler of Cantwell Cliffs
It lurks behind Nosleep
Creepy pasta about working in a strange place but the MC is chill and experienced?????
Please, Don’t Be A Bully
I perform at a theater. One of our interns quit because she saw a ghost. I thought she was lying, but now I think I believe her.
I Finally Found A Date To The Prom
True Horror ghost stories
There are 7 Elder Demons bound on this Earth and I think I've released them all [Part 3] The White Door
Something horrible is going on in the building across the street.
All I wanted was an electric toothbrush, but I got myself involved with something much darker...
I Discovered Far More Than Stars at the Planetarium
I Can’t Help Being Perfect
Tautological Infinitude
This new guy at the pub is freaking me out
Spring Creek holiday park: where I resided with my stoner boyfriend and my cat in a 10ft Bedford bus for 4 years.
I got a job patrolling a forest that paid £1000 a night. It was not worth a penny. (Part 2)
Chickie Nuggies
I Am Trapped and Mortally Injured: Please play this text horror game so I can be saved.
My experiences with Gui da Qiang (Pt 2/3)
My experiences with Gui da Qiang (2/3)
My first and last day as a cop.
I'm A Violent Bloodthirsty Siren and I Eat Dumb Girls Like You
Welcome to Goat Valley Campgrounds
Something Strange is Happening on my Island...
The Musician's Rebellion
On my second day in a row of not sleeping
He lived in a pineapple under the sea
Don’t Be A Bully
Don’t Be A Bully
I See Faces
He lived in a pineapple under the seaDon’t Be A Bully
My dead dad left me a map to a bathroom in the woods
I'm Trapped in Montana's Killer Bird House
My dead dad left me a map to a bathroom in the woods
The perfect guy
Life after pets
My experiences with Gui Da Qiang (2/3)
I think I just fingered a succubus
An Oscar-Winning Actor Kills Me Every Day
Don’t Be A Bully
My name is Arthur Bromley, and from 1986 to 1989, I was a journalist for the Taranaki Tribune.
Short Story: The Faces
April Fools Never Sleep!
I woke up this morning, and a list of rules has appeared that I must follow forever. Part 2
E
I found an book with a cover stating, "damaging to one's cognitive health," and now I"m trying to take it in without the effects
A dream I can't let go of
Kill or Be Killed - [Part 1] - The Website
It Wasn't My Dog
Leon posted: “Got drunk on Japanese whiskey and bought some guy’s ashes lol”
I'm back; there's no going home
Illinois lol
No Thanks to Your Driving
First draft of a creepypasta I'm working on. Would love some feedback
Those close to me visit me in my dreams after they die. My most recent dream was… less than pleasant.
the box.
Hes back
Fever Dream
I am an elementary school teacher and I must protect all of my pupils
The Missing Children Case
A Place Without Screens
I’m an inmate in a Superhuman prison, my cell mate is tortured every day pt 1
The Revenant
There are truly horrifying things being worked on in remote places, this is what I saw
The Ghost in the Table
My daughter is scared of the monster under her bed. So am I.
The girl in the cave. (Part 1)
The thing in the backrooms
I swallow death.
I will never sleep without my beanie ever again...
I woke up this morning, and a list of rules appeared that I must follow forever Part 2
Missing Persons
Unmasking
I don’t have the best job, but today I finally decided to do some good.
This happened almost twenty years ago. Some days I still hear insects skittering around me as I wake up.
feeding the crows
This happened almost twenty years ago. Most nights, I still hear someone opening the door just before I fall asleep. I still wake up to a horrid stench and to the sound of insects skittering around me, lingering for a few seconds before fading away.
I have a collection of powerful enchanted objects. Enchanted electronics seem especially dangerous.
The man in the hoodie
What Did Zeus Say To Narcissus ?
Please Insert Coin
A scream in the night
A scream in the night
Please Insert Coin (PLAY AT YOUR OWN RISK)
Urban Explorers
I work for a company that recovers strange artifacts. Workers must follow specific rules to survive.
I got a job patrolling a forest that paid £1000 a night. It was not worth a penny. (Part 1)
The man in the hoodie
I’m an inmate at a Superhuman Prison, my cell mate is tortured every day pt 1
Something's trying to communicate
Something’s trying to communicate (update)
gallows hill 10 // vessel
Something’s trying to communicate (update)
This was something I wrote for my english class, as an assignment
I woke up this morning, and a list of rules has appeared that I must follow forever.
Looney Tunes | Foghorn Leghorn on the Farm | Classic Cartoon Compilation...
Four
I solved the Fermi Paradox and I regret it. This morning I met Matilda.
Never buy a ghost online. It's not a get rich quick scheme.
Tales From The Kitchen
I am a taxi driver in a small town, this job will kill me (first chapter/prologue/first draft)
My city has been cut off from the world and overrun with monsters. I have a set of rules to stay alive. Our meeting with Nolan was a wild emotional ride and WE MADE IT OUT, BITCH aka The Middle of the End
No Thanks to Your Driving
No Thanks to Your Driving
This Reddit post is my last wish and I beg you to read it.
Where am I..
When Mom left me home alone, I thought something bad was going to happen. The bad things didn't start until she returned. (Part 2)
When Mom left me home alone, I thought something bad was going to happen. The bad things didn't start until she returned. (Part 2/2)
Maybe some of us are better off dead.
The Angel: A Daughter’s Love
My house is stalked by a shadow
True story: the time my girlfriends brother said something that shocked fear into me instantly
The Midnight Game... I played it and I was a complete moron. I need to tell this to someone. (Repost bc the owner of this got banned ig because there is no trace of him on reddit F for him)
The midnight game...I played
The Midnight Game... I played it and I was a complete moron. I need to tell this to someone. (Repost because the other one got deleted and the redditor got banned)
My experiences with Gui Da Qiang
I'm Just Lucky
Random Windows Shutdown Noise
I’m a driver for the Dark Convoy. Job #5 taught me that destiny is a choice. [FINAL]
THE DRAIN
I See the Reaper
Ding
Salt of the Earth, Part 2: Life at the Farm
Salt of the Earth, Part 2: Far and Away
Salt of the Earth, Part 2: Life on the Farm
I Thought I Was Nobody (Part 2)
showing some support
Just showing some support
Our Missed Connection
I'm working on scholarship essays. Does digging inside my best friend's dismembered arm count as "a moment I learned more about myself"?It's Tough Buying Men's Perfume
I Was Almost Killed In My Office
I Was Kidnapped By One Of The 7 Deadly Sins
I paid a secret company £10,000 to get away with murder.
It's Tough, Buying Men's Perfume
The Most Fucked Up Out of Bounds Video Game Discovery. Part 1 - Reaching for the Stars.
Losing Hope
The "No Where" Game
The dead always remember.
I disproved sleep
Friend sent me strange images in groupchat and no one else can see them
An Account of the Cwm (Part 1)
The Siren's Call
I inherited an old psychiatric hospital from my grandfather.
I Thought I Was Nobody (Part 2)
Don’t sing how many miles to Babylon to your kids
I Thought I Was Nobody (Part 2)
Where the Devil keeps his pets
The face in the moon is mocking me
Did anyone else see the GrayFungus livestream? It unsettles me.
Another letter from the man who took my sister (PART 2)
Behind those doors
There's something wrong with the doll my sister brought home
The Tales We Tell
I was selected for a top-secret program. I wish I hadn't been.
The No Where Game
I work for a company that pays well but I don't like what I do
Rocks for Breakfast, Rocks for Dinner
The Telephone Game.
Auntie's carrot cake
The depths of the ocean should remain a mystery
BlueLights
As a child, the number seventeen ruined my life. Now it's back and I can't escape it.
Apathy Breeds Monstrosity
A day in March
My Brother Found the Room in the Basement
I returned to my childhood home. My father is... different.
Do Not go into the Forest at Night
Lickety-Split
Camping
Camping trip
I solved the Fermi Paradox and I regret it. We regret to inform you that you're being hunted.
Salt of the Earth, Part 2: Life at the Farm
Don't go out of your room at this time or the thing will get you
My Older Brother left me a set of instructions to follow, I've been following them since I was nine. I know why he left me those instructions, and now I'm scared. (Part One)
Found a creepy video guys (link in subtitle):
I inherited an old Psychiatric Hospital from my grandfather
I'm being stalked by demons
I'm being stalked by demons
I Bought Vaccine From The Black Market, It Wasn't What I Expected...
I'm being stalked by demons
Hauling though somewhere unknown, I came across the guardians of the raod.
Theres Something Wrong With The Abandoned Golf Course Behind Sunny Holes Retirement Home 2/?
When Mom left me home alone, I thought something bad was going to happen. The bad things didn't start until she returned. (Part 1)
I just found out about British "people"
My father was angel, my mother a witch, and my girlfriend was taken into hell by a pale white devil. This is the story of how I got her back. PART 3
There are 7 Elder Demons bound on this Earth and I think I've released them all. [Part 2] Asmodeus' Legions
Not a word...
The four ghosts of your childhood.
My Older Brother left me a list of rules to follow, from ages 9 to 19. (Part One)
Mermaids are real, but they are not what you think.
WAS I NOT GOOD ENOUGH FOR HIM...??
Cookies
They Sold Packaged Love For Free...Now I Know Why
They Sold Love In Letters For "Free"
A visceral haunted story
Hauling through what could've been any place anywhere, I came across the guardians of the road.
We don't ask questions, we just work here.
Now you see me
The depths of the ocean should remain a mystery
I Thought I Was Nobody (Part 1)
I knew a girl called Maddie - Third Update
I Thought I Was Nobody (Part I)
My PC restarted for an update. Then i was stuck in a loop
It's Just a Finger
I Wish I Didn’t Go To That Wrestling Match
Ever since my high school baseball team stopped at a small-town gas station, I can't stop hearing the screaming.
AWAKE
How to Survive Camping - I actually went camping
I was attacked at my office
The Wanderer's Tale
Arose Such a Clatter (Part 5)
Arose Such a Clatter (Part 5 - Finale)
DUNGEONS AND DARKNESS: Skeletons Guard the Gates
We inherited our Grandma's house
I know how the fishes feel
Entanglement
A Door Within A Door
I paid a secret company £10,000 to get away with murder. Now, I am doomed.
I played the elevator game without consent and here are the conscequences
It Wasn’t My Fault, nor the Ghost’s, nor the Ritual’s, nor Mom's
I made the mistake of knocking three times on my floor.
We inherited our Grandma's house.
The Locker
They Sold Packaged Love For Free...And Now I Know Why.
A Door Within A Door
Our old Reverend died and we're looking for a new one on the Internet
Salt of the Earth, Part 1: Far and Away
I'm here to tell you about the fox. If you hear the accordion music, you're going to die.
The Siren's Call (Repost)What's a good brand of sleeping pill.
I paid a secret company £10,000 to dispose a body. Now, I am doomed.
That's Not My Grandfather Anymore (True Story)
my story
it lives in the closet (short story) sorry if it feels rushed
Something Comes After Hours
Tales From A Line Cook "Old Bill"
I'm working on scholarship essays. Does video chatting with my brother's kidnapper count as tech experience?
I Prevented Y2K from Happening and No one Knows (Part 5)
gallows hill 9 // nephilos
My Son Has Been Wearing a Superhero Mask For Four Days and I Made The Mistake Of Taking It Off.
To My old friend
The Banyan Skulker
My Dad is not a Killer, but the Thing that Replaced him is.
My city has been cut off from the world and overrun with monsters. I have a set of rules to stay alive. We finally found the elevator and made our escape attempt, aka The Beginning of the End
Few days ago, 7 female human skeletons of pre teen girls who were found in farm of my friend's grandpa.
Tales From The Kitchen "Old Bill"
Looking for stories
The basement game
I went camping out in the woods of Appalachia. What I saw haunts me.
Pishach
When He Woke on the Stairs
New creepy pasta
The legend of the real monster who got an entire town evacuated
Pishach
I Work as a Highway Driver and have a Strange Set of Rules to Follow[Part 1]
So my Girlfriend decided to start an Onlyfans page....
Nightmares From The Depths
Please Do Not Search This
I solved the Fermi Paradox and I regret it. We're not alone.
Hi, I'm a grim reaper
The Skinwalker Test
A Rainy Night
It wasn’t a tree
The Theory of Shapes
Sea Angels
When you realize there are no stars and moon tonight, all your paths will lead you to the same bridge
test
Test
The Skinwalker Test
Top 5 SCARY GHOST videos you wont watch at night || top 5 ghost | hindi
Top 5 SCARY GHOST videos you wont watch at night || top 5 ghost | hindi
Top 5 SCARY GHOST videos you won't watch at night || Real ghost videos which can affect your sleep ||
Ghost Attack, Haunted house
Chronicles of the midnight delivery driver: Bloody Forest
Need a Friend
The Abbey Doorway
Need a Friend
There are 7 Elder Demons bound on this Earth and I think I've released them all [Part 1]
The Sleeping City
GOTD HELP?
Groundhog Day
GOTD
It will find me
Molly (Part 2)
Molly (Part 2)
Our Principal's Last Day Was Our School's Worst
I remember my childhood memories. The ones that we all forget. Now, I can't sleep.
I went to a catholic boarding school. The rotten apple doesn’t fall far from the rotten tree
Demon House of Oak Lane
Protecting Reality, Interdimensional Warriors (Part 1)
There is someone in my bed
Nosleep April Fools Day Event!
Something Lives In The Woods By My Father's Private Cabin
Friend or foe
Does anyone know anything about A.I.?
The Hunted (Part 3)
Tooth Department
The Nectar
The story, all alone in the monster-pocalypse | Part 1
The worst week of my life
Killing someone is really anticlimactic
I think I think I might have found the first ever cryptocurrency mining farm.
The story, all alone in the monster-pocalypse | Part 1
My team is sent in to deal with what the government can't deal with, today we angered a god [part 1]
Monster-roommate
MA AND POP'S VELVET MOONSHINE.
Cursed Tapes and How to Avoid Them Part 14: The Flesh of the World
I did an odd job for someone who doesn't exist.
Just Another Door
Litherlax [Part 2]
First Night on the job
There's something in my walls and I need to get it out
The Dark Piramid
The Chicken
When He Awoke on the Stairs (Part 0)
When He Awoke in the Stairs (Pt. 0)
When He Awoke on the Stairs (Prologue)
I Found A Cult In The Middle Of The Woods!?
Soft Dirt
What love does (2)
DUNGEONS AND DARKNESS
WIBTA If I broke a huge promise?
WIBTA If I broke a huge promise?
The angels fell and the sky turned red
The man in my attic.
My parents sent my brother away, and I'm worried that I'm next.
The Empty House on Route 666
Book Sale!
Hauling down I-40 through the Texas panhandle, I came across a couple bears and accidentally picked up a hitch hikerHow I'm trying to survive the literal monster apocalypse
Run
Run
Run
Run
I found death along Hatchetman Trail and it sealed my fate.
As a child, I used to be terrified of the hallway beyond my bedroom door. Here's the story behind it.
The Cadacus [Part 3]
My family always leaves the lights on dim.
It will find me
I think I was the one who created this world.
What went wrong with Twitter?
I think I was the one who created this world.
An Island Treatment for Colon Polyps [Part 2]
"Witches In Idyllwild" Part 1
I went to a catholic boarding school. The city that floated
Four
Four (based on a true story)
.why
Four
Where is everybody? Part 1
Now that I think about it my home town had some bizarre things about it.
I'm a driver for the Dark Convoy. Job #4 was a total fucking trip.
The creature at the end of the bed
An Island Treatment for Colon Polyps [Part 2: Final]
Royal Heights
I found the edge of the internet. Here’s how to access it.
The Zoo I worked at had strange rules and regulations. This is a story from the heart [Part 7]
HI YALL THANKS FOR CHECKING OUT MY POST FAM
The time Demi Lovato flicked my vagina
I found out what was behind the locked door of our new house; I wish I never had
I've been reality shifting
Magdalena Cave
I Found a Strange Book in my New House
I don't know.
The Ancients: The Decent of a Child of Lilith
Three years ago I was kidnapped with three others to become a star. They became the people you know and love today. I escaped.
I Found My Missing Half-Brother's Diary
Dealing Diablo Disappointment
For me it's a fight, others a dance. Hope when it's your turn, you stand a chance..
I feel like I don’t belong here anymore.
My first Horror Story Narrated by myself
I don’t feel like I belong here anymore.
The government deployed me to a country that doesn’t exist (Part II)
The Reason I Don't Sleep (Part 1)
I Found A Tome Of Lost Lore In My Motel Room. Then Something Found Me.
Waking up
Sleepover Rules!
I just found a secret hatch to somewhere else in my house, that somewhere else, is where my family died.
Update: My experience using SLASHER, the Social Network for Horror
My village's folk tales torment my new home. Now people stay inside at night.
Computer crash
When Darkness Falls
'This is pain'
Angel Huntin
"Please don't call me anymore, please!!!"
The Hartley Kids’ Demon [part 1]
The legend of The Forester
"Please don't call me anymore, please"
I found a secret room in my house. Holy shit, the rabbit hole goes deep.
El Basilisco de Roko
Abandoned, Desolate and Melancholy.
I see the dead before they die (part 2)
I love when my Girlfriend cuddles up to me
Thеrе is a Yоutubеr called "Lеоn Fаraday" thаt lеаrns everywеek а nеw skill. Нis relаtivеs рassed аwаy when hе was 14, he mаkеs vidеоs about own eхpеrience оf mаstеring nеw skills and аnothеr vidеоs for peоplе to keep motivation tо leаrn аnd try new things, becаusе we havе only оne life !!!
Abandoned, Desolate and Melancholy
Abandoned, Desolate, Melancholy
A machine that could see our future?
The house I never should've bought.
I went to a catholic boarding school. A nun with a sense of humor
Something’s using the elevator
My dead border collie keeps visiting me
I Found An Old Pirate Ship, Here’s What Happened Next. [Part 2]
I Found An Old Pirate Ship, Here’s What Happened Next. [Part 1]
Why I became a room loving kid
I Found An Old Pirate Ship, Here’s What Happened Next. (2/2)
I Found An Old Pirate Ship, Here’s What Happened Next. (1/2)
I'm a driver for the Dark Convoy. Job #2 was a real shit sandwich.
Missing Persons
A Policeman’s Last Call pt. 2
I'm On a Tapeworm Diet
My “friendly “ demon Jeffrey
My “ friendly “ demon Jeffrey ( real story)
Does anyone know anything about the door just outside of Grand Anath Creek? (Part 1)
I’m never shifting realities again.
The blessed world
Does anyone know anything about the strange door in Grand Anath Creek? (Part 1)
LITTLE EYES.
That’s Not Me
Check the walls (Part 2)
I think there was something coming out of my closet at night when I was younger, but I was always too scared to look [Part Four]
My wife is pregnant and I think the ants can tell
I Wake Up to the Annoying Drone of a Lawnmower
If you’re reading this I’m sorry
I Investigate Disturbing Cases: Here Are My Stories - The Hermit
A Policeman’s Last Call
When I Met Her She Wore A Red Kimono... When She Showed Up After Her Funeral She Wore Black (Part 1)
COMING HOME FOR DINNER
Birthday Backrooms
Blue Moon Part 3 - WiddershinsCase Log, ******* State Police Coroner
My house is... weird
If You Ever Visit Johnstown, Ireland, Never Go Into The Forest After Dark
I wish I hadn't applied for this job posting.
100% true story
Sorry if this shouldn’t be posted here, 100% true story
The Habitsville Bank Robbers Left Nothing in Vault #713
Don't disable the safety feature on your phone
Surrounded by Memories
The legend of The Forester
The safety feature on smart phones
SHC Case Log, April, ******* State Police
Something is taking the children
help me
An uninvited guest crashed our dinner party
Found from an anonymous forum
The Clowns At Rockdown Carnival
Looking for stories
Realistic Nightmare
Jacob’s Door
I stumbled upon a town that's stuck in the 1940s. Going outside during Monster Night is a terrible idea!
Leoupold Slick's diary
THE ONLY STUDENT IN MY CLASS
The Man in the Black Plymouth
BECAME THE ONLY STUDENT IN MY CLASS
It’s so hard to sit still in class
As a teenager, I went to a school that was filled with monsters. Rules helped a few friends, teachers, and I stay alive.
The day I became a inside kid
Stay away from my husband
The day I became a home and room kid
Why is there so much screaming?
There's something wrong with my twin sister.
My neighbour's trying to kill me
I hate chemistry
The Preacher House of Cedar Creek
There's something wrong with my twin sister. [Part 1]
Sleepover
gallows hill 5 // the little village of middlebury
My dad was a famous author who abandoned his popular YA series and went missing in 2017. His psycho fans wanted an ending, so they took me.
Howl
The Abandoned Tunnel
I spread
My experience using SLASHER, the social network for Horror
I heard my brother die. I don't think that's the worst part.
I Lost My Way Home, But I Vividly Remember Where It Was.
Target Maniac
Today I found out why 61% of adults are afraid of the dentist
Hi I need help
Silhouette
My neighbor's been acting weird since his divorce but there's always an end.
Penny’s Parents
Crappy "creepypasta" I made when I was like 11 or 12
The Pony that Travelled Through Time
New Harvest Moon, Special Yami Edition.
He was too real to not be real
My parents found god.
My 5 year old daughter has an imaginary friend
I went in Search of a Cryptid that my Great-Great Grandfather Encountered.
I went to a catholic boarding school. Would you leave Satan alone if he answered all your questions?
So I got drunk and went Randonauting with my boyfriend.
Rockdown Carnival: Don't Let The Clowns Into Your Room
I'll Never Work a Closing Shift Again
Where are the real freaks?
Under The Pillow
We All Used to Love to See Our Coworker Cry
The infamous "Filler Killer" and my fear of gas stations
The Target Maniac
My Relocation Story
I got hired at a remote company. Something terrible is happening here.
My 5 year old niece needs a babysitter and anyone would do!
Anyone remember this creepypasta?
And they wonder why
I was contacted by someone who buys Pokemon cards. I shouldn’t have accepted their offer.
THE GOOD NEIGHBOUR
Music has always played a huge role in my life.
Joshua’s Dairy
I Wake Up to the Annoying Drone of a Lawnmower
gas station centered
Falsing
My neighbor planted his fingers in my yard. They're starting to sprout.
My Boss: Bob
Guy From Target Broke into My House For My Bike And Probably Wanted to kill me
Cookie Dough
The final writings of a dead man
I've been stuck in my house for days. And I think someone is trying to get in
My Neighbor is a Botanist, and He Brought Back Something Special
Graveyard Investigation
Graveyard Investigation
Escape Room Survivor
I saw a disturbing post on r/help , The doorbell has been ringing for three hours
The little girl in the park
Something That's Happened to Me While Embalming
I became a monster [Part 3]
Someone is screwing with me. My last post was altered, and then deleted! I need help. (Part 2)
i traveled to an another universe. my story
The hidden violin
One of Them
Missing Persons
[Part One] You shouldn’t answer every call you get.
I don't have a car anymore, but I can still drive to work. Getting fuel is a problem.The figure was always on the hilltop and Then One Day It Started to Climb Down
I found a secret room in my house. It turns out that several people have been watching my life.
Never bring strange things home.
Beauty in the Snow
Please, take my advice, it may just save your life.
My neighbor's been acting weird since his divorce. We never should have started digging that stupid hole.
never bring strange things home
Annual forecast for PayPal (2021)
How many of you code!
The whispers
Fire At Midnight
Is anyone else not getting the podcast art on spotify?
Home On Derrange
The midnight monster ,and a cult ?
Im being pulled into the matrix
I used to advocate for the use of Psilocybin. I'm not so sure anymore...
My girlfriend vanished for a month. When she came back, she refused to tell anyone what happened to her.
Haunted Sex Toy
I went to a catholic boarding school. The true monsters are the friends we made along the way
If you go hunting in Yansa's territory, make sure to follow its rules
THE CASE OF CHAROLETTE MARIN (interactive case)
Ever since I was little I could hear the voice of God
yes
Is this good or bad?
.
Dreamin'
PSA to people with old mattresses
Sleep on call
My Work Got a New Client, and Everything is Getting Strange. [1]
New to this Reddit so here’s my first scary story
Abduction true story
Sleeping Visitors
I Probably Won't Quit
I lead and expedition to a hidden island in the Black Sea, i wish i didn't. [ Part 1 ]
The Gamble (Based off of "Kakegurui")
You should really only take drugs if you're prepared to.... [Part One]
My city has been cut off from the world and overrun with monsters. I have a set of rules to stay alive. We got Tristan to talk, but he's still an unhelpful asshole. And I'm worried about what he wants from me
Blue House
New In Town
The Shortest Horror Story Ever
The Rules of the Magnum Hotel
The Man in The Black Static
I just traveled back from a tour of North Korea. The rules they gave us make me think that there's more to why they're actually so secretive. (Part 1)
Eyes for the Dead
There's something under my living room rug.
Where the hell did my cat even come from?! (Part 2 - The finale)
Fill Me Up With Bees
I thought this subreddit was for insomniacs. This makes it worse. Thanks.
Cursed Tapes and How to Avoid Them Part 12: Telly
I covered the evening shift. I shouldn't have.
I regret going back to them. Part 1
The Koandoyi Incident (Part One)
The women
My best friends demon wanted me dead
My best friends demon wanted me dead
Necromancing the Beautiful
I told a campfire story to my girl scouts troop.. I don't think it was just a story anymore.
Weird Camp Found Beneath an Abandoned Railway Bridge - Miles from the Nearest House
Slices of life: The case of the stolen bacon
The Strangest Person I Have Ever Met In My Entire Life
The Strangest Person I Have Ever Met
why are the old house always so creepy?
Monster, please save me.
My seclusive brother went missing. We never expected to find him there.
Alone
They Call Me Spacegirl. I Tried To Communicate With Them
I saw the afterlife for 5 minutes, and I dread the day I’m going back.
I'm not who I was?
My cousin actually made our neighbors tell their scariest story( so we can being it to you)
Blue Moon part 2 - The vicar and the rain
A SMILE IN THE DARK
I just got a job as my towns GraveYard gaurd, I am seriously not looking forward to this
GET A FREE 200$ AMAZON GIFT CARD 2021 OFFER
Strange things would always happen in my childhood home, and now I think it was my step-sister’s fault [Part Three]
I always feel my dog licking my hand when I'm going to sleep
Demons tormented my in my sleep
Monster Mercenary: The Cursed Duo
Paying the price of a tongue
My life didn’t turn out the way I thought it would
The 006 Express
I went to a catholic boarding school. The inquisition is alive and well
I Used to Manage an Arby's
Cotton candy anxiety
Joking Jester Story 1: The Theme Park
The Brooch
I Used to Manage an Arby's
I love my mother. I would never kill for her, but I would move a body for her, and have, and am.
Missing wallet
The play murder
Day 1 the backstory
The Finger
I met some kind of cosmic being on the beach. It offered me redemption.
My crew was hired to refurb a derelict cruise ship. What happened the passengers will haunt me forever.
I got too good at chess
I’m A Monster On The Run From My Past, It’s Catching Up
I’ve finally figured out why I’m such a failure, and it isn’t pretty
My Nudist horror story.
The galloping horse
The Angel of Death saved my life
My Uncle’s Cabin Part 3: The Hell’s Canyon Expedition [FINAL]I got lost inside of a Spencers (1)
The galloping horse
A wheelchair-bound woman shouldn’t be able to hunt demons.
Graceful. 2min read about how woman are expected to conform. My thoughts when I was 17 and in an abusive relationship
Graceful. 2min read on how woman are expected to conform. (My thoughts when I was 17 and in an abusive relationship)
Cute old man
Laissez-faire
I made this story in a YouTube comment section, and I figured you guys would get a kick out of it. the YT comment is in the comments.
The ghosts in the river
Scary True Story
My dad was a famous author who abandoned his popular YA series and went missing in 2017. His psycho fans wanted an ending, so they took me.
Love, Eternal: My telling of the most terrifying, contrapuntal, and delightful encounter of my life.
Back in the 80s I rode the short bus. One day we didn't stop at IS 88... here's what happened...
Joking Jester Story 1: The Theme Park.
I may or may not have adopted a Hellhound.
My friends and I are spending a week living in the same house, and some weird things are starting to happen: Day 1
The Choice Experiment. You are not in control.
I learnt about my son's powers in the worst way
I regret finding out why we weren't supposed to go down to the river.
My Muse Became My Incubus (Part 2)
Help..can't hardly sleep no more
Senescence
The real problem program of the next 5 years.
The real problem program of the next 5 years.
i found and old SD card while hunting, its contents disturbed me.
Don't enter the metro with a black line.
Expansion
Hell’s Train station
My gf and I tested our relationship with distance
Don't Look Outside The Window...
Monster Mercenary: A Chat With God
I Almost Died In South Korea
the infinite IKEA
They're in the Vents
the infinite Ikea.
The Mario Murders
The birds keep coming back
I gave a ride to The Eater of Saints.
The Urban Legend of Rootsy: Part 1
I don't think my insurance covers this.
Lol
Imaginary friend
My grandmother once told me that farts are the screams of trapped poop. Last night, I met a man in the woods that told me the truth
I drove the new girl home from the bar. Now I need to bring her back. (Final)
September 23rd, 2020
My only best friend（It's too weird…）
Don't play Hatchetman Cove
I am haunted by the image of myself hanging.
I thought I found somebody who would help to ease the pain, yet I couldn't have been more wrong
Mom
That voice
Some Fit Lass' Diary I Found
I work for a "darkness factory." It's been a hundred days since I've seen the light.
I found out the hard way how leprechauns get their riches
The Void (Part 1)
Every Morning, I Wake Up Screaming
The Strange Occurrences That Took Place At McDaniel's Manor (Part 1)
Ma'am: the house in Detroit I can't sell
I have a "paranormal photo" and I would like to know if it is real or edited. Someone can help me?
Negative Self-Talk During Sleep
The Big Tent
I'm an FX artist for B movies, and lately, the actors I work with have been transforming into the monster makeup I paint on them. Part 4
The Creature of Lake Fazon
The Tree Man
Where the hell did my cat even come from?! (Part 1)
The Missing Episode
HMT RECRUITMENT
gallows hill 4 // dudleytown
I’ve seen an unreleased episode of super wings i wish I hadn’t.
Dont no matter what help the old man that offers you to help him clean his house.
Never go to those "unblocked games websites." I did, and now I could die in minutes.
There is no bay 150.
The Tree Man.
Help
1s`q
The birds keep coming back
The Creature of Lake Fazon
I should have known something was wrong when the “kids” I was hired to babysit turned out to be older than me.
They Call Me Spacegirl. I Don't Paint Anymore
My Muse Became My Incubus (Part Two)
I found a secret room in my house. After seeing what’s inside, I’ll never sleep again.
The Rose
The Rose (A True Story)
Borrasca what happens to number is she dead Or alive?
Theres someone standing behind my door
My friend wants to pay me a visit and his words are a little strange
If you see an old Chevrolet Corvette in the woods of Oregon, please destroy it.
The day my shadow vanished.
Don't Trust the Man with the Ladder out Looking for his Dog...
Hello
Wayward
Mr. Branch
The things we do for love
My bedroom door started locking itself a few weeks ago
The horrors of gender reveal parties.
Buying Time: The boy who was running out of time
I drove the new girl home from the bar. There's only one way out. (Part 4)
Someone in My House Called the Police to Report Hearing Something Crawling Upstairs. I Was Neither the Caller nor the Crawler.
Buying Time: Story of the boy who was running out of time
My Muse Became My IncubusNumber 13
I tried to pursue my lifelong goal, but it got me in trouble
When My Muse Became My Incubus (NSFW)
I need to know if I am the only one who's seem them. Besides my mother of course
Here’s Why I Stopped Being A Winemaker
The Witches of Conrado
Jason versus Seroquel
I saw a man without a face when I was a kid - a decade later, he came back [Part Two]
Jason versus Seroquel
I'm gonna make you PROUD
We used to have a house with a back door
I bore witness to the dark blue world
Missing Persons
Judy
The most fucked up babysitting gig of my life. I challenge you to give me one that’s worse.
I need help. Advice. And someone to tell me I am not crazy.
The Dead Gacha Girl (Part 1)
Please be quiet
Does anyone know how to play LifeCubed? [Part 1]
A Confession to my Love
London after midnigh
I Swam Into Another Dimension
The Slime Mold that Ate a Town
The opera ripper
The opera ripper
Ostia
I'm playing a video game that turned my town into a sandbox RPG.
At Night The Trees Scream [Part Two]
We lock our doors whenever there's a boneless tide
Before we begin,
Any ideas
Blue Moon
I live in a country that doesn't exist. It's called Australia.
I just got a job as my towns GraveYard guard, I'm not looking forward to it
How Being A Nobody Saved My Life
The Oil Murder (Part 1)
The Oil Murder (PT-1)
February 2021 Voting Thread
I inherited a cabin in the woods and something is hunting me
I summoned an Ancient One, it wasn't what I expected.
how do i know if im being hacked?
goodnight
What’s your scariest true story?
What’s your scariest true stories
I'm An Unpaid Intern and It's Weird Here (Part 3)
Rules to follow when making a r/nosleep story
A terrifying experience in boy scouts
Maternity Row: Cadaver City
Grandma always said look but don't touch, I should have listened
[BASED OFF REAL EVENTS (With a dash of story)] I woke up to my mother Over dosed.
Never Used
My bedroom door started locking itself a few weeks back.
My cabin is buried in the snow, and I think something's in here with me.
I Went to a Lamp Shop That Sells Souls
I found something on the Dark Web that changed my life forever
Obviously the night before halloween is weird, but not like this.
I tried to write a r/nosleep story, and it failed.
Witch hunter
The Old Calendar: March 11th
Accidentally left the family cat at our old barn while moving to the city.
Jerome
The Ghost of Absolom Lane
The Cambridge Catacombs
I'm an ex-con and after nearly a year of unemployment I finally landed a job on the graveyard shift at a long term care facility working as an orderly. I was assigned to clean bed pans on the vegetative wing and this is what happened my first night
I'm an ex-con and after nearly a year of unemployment I finally landed a job on the graveyard shift at a long term care facility working as an orderly. I was assigned to clean bed pans on the "veg(etative) wing" and this is what happened my first night....
Not For Sale: A find of a lifetime
Handprint on my mirror
Rolling in the Hills
I drove the new girl home from the bar. It's worse than I thought. (Part 3)
My friend who couldn't get rid of the darkness
DEAD AM
I think it's a little too late for help. For what seems like an eternity I have ridden this bus, but of course, every journey must come to an end... [FINAL]
The Creatures in Algonquin Park Look Very Different After Dark
Biggy the Bee is my favourite show
In rural British Columbia pt. 1
The worst day off from school ever
Mr Tomsky
Zombie apocalypse tale
I'm a driver for the Dark Convoy. Job #1 helped me spread my wings.
A zombie apocalypse tale
Blankstep. A zombie apocalypse tale
The Heflin Case of 2007
Come Here. (Based off a nightmare I had awhile ago)
Don't let article thiefs earn money from your stories
Please talk to your kids about their school buses when you have to work
Ride the Lightning- Interview 1
At Night The Trees Scream [Part Two]
I always wanted supernatural beings to exist. Now I really wish they didn't.
tales from an unmarked town[part 5]
The scary truth about the world u live in.
Jason versus Seroquel
God entered into my body, like a spirit body. my same size
I was never here
I found a top secret base miles underground [part 1]
Trying to locate a post
I was given a miniature scale model village and weird things keep happening in it.
Something unholy has taken over my city. [Part 1]
The Walkie Talkie Game.
I’m a lunch lady at a high school. Help me choose which students to poison.
The Falling into Freedom without Fear, or 3F RitualOstia
The Falling into Freedom from Fear (3F) Ritual
What Happens When the Stars Go Out - Traduzido PTBR
My Best Friend is a Cannibal
Witch of The Black Mountains- 2
Strange things are happening
Rural Encounter
Who Was John Rigby? - Pound of Flesh (Pt. 2)
Who Was John Rigby? (Pound of Flesh)
Ghost
I haven't eaten in weeks, and I don't think I'll eat ever again.
My Girlfriend Visited me After Work, You won't Believe What Happens Next | Screepy Series
Jess
I killed Dorian Minerva
I found a secret room in my house. Someone has been living there and watching me.
Niff and Biff (part 2)
i think
The To Do List [Part 1]
Witch of The Black Mountains- 2
I ignored the warnings about the stairs in the woods (Finale)
My neighbors been acting weird since his divorce. We uncovered a mystic city under the suburbs.
My neighbors been acting weird since his divorce. We uncovered a mystic city in the suburbs.
Class time..
Feliz San Patricio 🍀Mucha suerte🍀
Feliz San Patricio 🍀Mucha suerte🍀
Does anybody else get these weird dialogue choices during a job interview and not sure which one to pick?
I followed the call
Summer Fling 2019
How to deal with a summer fling?
I never thought it would be like this....
Niff and Biff part (2)
Papercut
Rural Encounter (reupload)
Rural Encounter
My Uncle's Cabin Part 2: The Cheryl Winslow Interview
My Uncle's Cabin Part 2: The Cheryl Winslow Interview
Seventeen Mile Cave
The Kiss
I am Doctor Horsemaker. I am not a real doctor. I just make horses.
There Are Eyes
There Are Eyes
My Cupid, the Soul-Stealing Monster (Part 3)
When the
What Happens when the Stars Go Out (Traduzido PT-BR)
My best friend is a cannibal
At Night The Trees Scream [Part One]
Those Left For Dead
The Gluttons
2 furries keep harassing me, so I had to do the unthinkable
A Recipe For Mass Destruction
Pick Up the Phone, No Matter What
Gracie
Last seen on Interstate 81
Suburban Hell: PT 1
Suburban Hell
HERE’S EVERYTHING YOU GET WITH 75K-WEEK PROFIT FORMULA
I drove the new girl home from the bar. I think I met her father. (Part 2)
They Exist, and They’re Lying to You About Them
They Exist, and They’re Lying to You About Them
I drove the new girl home from the bar. I think I met her father. (Part 2)
I spent all my money on onlyfans, and I'm terrified of the fallout. I'm scared the girl I fell in love with online wont follow through on her promises- that everyone I know will find out what I did and I'll be a pariah.
The Woods
The Match
Never order Uber at 3:00 am
I accidentally kidnapped my friends and we're all part of a cult now
I think I saw my childhood babysitter, after 25 years, she looks the same…
Who Was John Rigby? (Pound of Flesh, Part II)
Pop!
Rosewood Pt. 6, The Office
I Keep Seeing Through Something Else's Eyes
I stumbled upon a town that's stuck in the 1940s. Getting on the Mayor's bad side may cost you your life!
The Grief Drinker
My road trip was cut short
SHOP HERE AND GET 30% OFF!
Oskar's Truck Stop
Did you ever heard about Lake Baikal? (Part Five)
I found a strange notebook in my apartment and I wish I never read it [Part one]
I found a strange book in my new apartment, I wish I never read it [part one]
Can anyone help me? My bus has at last come to a stop, and I am lost in a dark, abandoned city... [Part 10]
I was hired to watch a theme park and was given a strange list of rules (part 1)
I was hired for a Theme park and was given a strange set of rules (Part 1)
You are Doctor Horsemaker. You make horses.
darkness
darkness
Lady of the Rain
I was laying in my bed asleep it was exactly 3am when I woke up I was half asleep but I could still here the faint tapping on my window there was no trees or anything around so I was freaked out then I heard my closet creek open then felt a wind then my dog started barking.... very creepy
There's a secret bookshelf at my local library.
Exploring the Reality of Dating
The day I learnt that we all live a lie.
Stealing from the most beautiful place in the world.
Hana: The Beyond
HEROBRINE!
I saw one of my roommates (who is generally chill) taking a log to the forest next to our apartment complex. Said he was going to make a campfire and put stones around the place, should I assume he’s going to start a forest fire?
Life Lessons
LifeCubed.exe [Part 1]
The snow stalker of white hill lane
The Well
I have trouble staying asleep. Would melatonin help?
I don’t talk to god often
There is a secret Mars Biome. Inside they discovered a New form of Death. Final log.I have trouble staying asleep. Would melatonin help?
Couldn’t sleep last night
The white shadow
The Sound of the Void
My Experience with SoloMart
I Did What I Had To Do!
My friend made a "living guitar." Then I got sucked into a demonic abyss of heavy metal.
How do we use this
The Abortions Are Free
The Reap
The Village : The Places We Have Come To Fear The Most
Never go into the forest behind your house.
I WILL NEVER WORK WITH MY FRIEND AGAIN (PART 2)
I WILL NEVER WORK WITH MY FRIEND AGAIN. (PART 1)
What I Saw in the Forest Haunts Me
Niff and Biff (part 1 )
You only live once – or, in my case, multiple times, having to go through the excruciating process of death every single one of them
Niff and Biff (part 1)
Hit man contract on my life
Cotton candy anxiety
My dead mother talks to me, She wants me to come to her...
Excerpt from my story "It Came From a Dream with Black Butterflies"
My dead mother talks to me, She wants me to come to her...
Tulips
My, 35M, girlfriend, 25F, never peels her fruit
I thought
Just the Average Romantic
My (35M) Girlfriend (25F) Never Peels Her Fruit
From Myself and the Forest
From the Watchtower
The Well
shaking closet door
Problem in a small town 1
Oh Lark, Won't You Sing Me Another?
There's a man outside my window
The End Part One
Road trip specific no sleep podcast episode??
A Camping Nightmare
I hope this isn't just a dream.
I am a Supernatural Therapist (FINALE) - Wrath of the Dead God
What Happened to Candice Kline?
I went for the Big Score, and it really backfired
Sweet Potato Casserole
I just started at Topper Heights Boarding school. I don’t think the school like scholarship kids.
Gluttony
THERE ARE NO SONGS AT THE END
I drove the new girl home from the bar. What the hell is she? (Part 1)
Don't You Forget About Me
The shadow person in my house
I woke up in a city that does not exist.
Don't You (Forget About Me)
Don't You (Forget About Me)
Weaver Manor
THE BUN BUNS
AsleepYet
THE EYES
I ignored the warnings about the stairs in the woods (Finale)
Mr. Magoo
My grandma's craft room
Let Me See You
I stumbled upon a town that's stuck in the 1940s. Getting on the Mayor's bad side may cost you your life!
I stumbled upon a town that's stuck in the 1940s. Trust me, you don't want to win the Zoo Game.
I have some weird seizures
Niff and Biff (part 1 )
I'm sorting out my collection of cursed antiques, Part I - The Kodak
The Void
Deadlands
Cheaper isn't always better.
The woman I’m babysitting for left me a strange list of rules..
I got a distress signal from somewhere in another universe.
The End of Gregory
Deadlands
The unknown dimension.
What happens if you had to write the rules? [Part 1]
The Police Blotter of Martin County New York is Filled with Weird Things
Don't download this app
They Exist
Attic
gallows hill 3 // swing by your neck
my town has a Ghost rider. I challenged him
Charter School Survival Guide – Don’t Watch the Parade
Hoia Baciu Forest
The Deadlands
The Deadlands
My husband's ex is back and it's making me uncomfortable
A Letter from Romeo...
The Night I Got The Specimen
Cursed Tapes and How to Avoid Them Part 11: The World As We Know It
If you're driving back into the city on a windy road, don't let the headlights behind you catch up.
The Night I Got The Specimen
I moved in with a dominatrix. Now she's ruining my life!
(WIP) Just a play of light and shadow.
The red planet
I’m in need to find theses stories!!! Such good stories
What the hell is going on
Notepad: 6/3/2021
My friend showed me two videos on the Dark Web when I was a teen. I can't forget them.
Notepad: 6/3/2021
Mother's Cookies
I see the dead before they die (Part 1)Why I Murdered my Best Friend
I’m a storm chaser. This one shook me to my core.
My wife and I were given a list of rules when our son was born
Diving NZ: Chuck 'n Muck
Its called the knock knock game
Hours of Gray
The Dreams I have
Return to the Brick House (Part 2 of 3)
The house in the woods part 2
Scarred
Grandpa Versus Dominoes
The sky roars at night (Part 2)
The sky roars at night (Part 2)
The sky roars at night (Part II)
Don't Answer
As a Marine, I too have seen weird shit in the Marine Corps: Iron Mountain. Part A.
The Brick House
Biomatter Rebecca
I Think Something's Wrongs With My Favorite D&amp;D Stream.
Crazy Experience as a Security Guard
My Unusual Headache
There's something strange about the elevator in my building. I don't know if I'm going crazy.
Last night Satan and I became Eskimo Brothers.
Crazy Experience as a Security Guard
The Uncanny Valley
The Uncanny Valley
The red planet
If you have a Microsoft Mesh, discard it immediately!
Encounter with what I believe was a demon
I Thought My Life was Over. But it is Just Beginning
If you have a Microsoft Mesh, discard it immediately. (My first entry)
The Dancing Body
The Dancing Body
Last night Satan and I became Eskimo Brothers.
Mr. Shadow
What’s going on?
Encounter with a spirit
Mission Clinical is now open to the public. The world's largest Escape Room. Free!
The haunted horror movie
Can anyone help me? I’m on a bus that refuses to stop, and I don’t know where I am... [Part 6]
Cotton Candy Birds
The apartment complex I live in has scary rules that the tenants must follow. Final
Mr. Whiskers
Strange Creature Caught on Ring Camera
Hana
The shining light
Need help finding a new story/book/podcast
Does anybody know the name of this story?
Does anybody know this story?
i'm living in the zombie apocalypse. i might not have much time left.(part 1)
My brother, My Demon
I grew up in an orphanage with my brother, I don't know where he is, but I took his place.
Something is very wrong with my home and I need help
A Strange Happening.
There is a secret Mars Biome. They discovered a new form of Death.
ORDER A DICK ™
The Aswan Dam is not what you think
I think I'm a Serial Killer: The voices know how I did it
I have a deathly fear of moths, but it isn't because of why you'd think.
One Shining Moment
The loneliest road in America doesn't seem so lonely anymore...
Last night Satan and I became Eskimo Brothers.
I got into a rap battle with my sleep paralysis demon
Highway 50 isn't the loneliest highway in America.
Woke up and saw a small bundle of light in my hand and it was radiating heat. What may that be?
A new webcam..
Mr Spindle
New Project!
Mr Spindle (The Spindle Jingle)
I have a harmless crush on my dentist {High Warning- Parental Advisory}
Book on woman empowerment
Book on woman empowerment
Book on women empowerment
The red planet
The Diary Of Marcus Cane
Brothers
Incarnate Karma
A couple years ago I went to Mt. Everest. I wish I hadn't.
Brother
Of the Sea and the Moon - The Trip (1)
Something is in my bed, Prologue
Has this happened to anyone else on DMT?
Has This Happened To Anyone Else on DMT?
It wants to be born.
I'm a driver for the Dark Convoy. A word to the wise––don't piss off Milly from Human Resources.
Maternity Row: The Pregnant Virgin
Maternity Row: Pregnant Virgin Seeks Advice (reposted w/permission)
The Wanderlust Circus of Curiosities will no longer be visiting your town.
Sticky golden pancakes, a full Irish breakfast &amp; Lucifer
To my Big Brother
I have a presentation in a few hours where I have to read/ act out a story for my class. It’s expected to be 2.5-3 minutes, throw the best stories you’ve seen my way please!
tales from an unmarked town(part 4)
The River Lady
Things Darker Than Man (PART 2)
Things Darker Than Man (PART 2, FINAL)
The Iowa State Pig Farm
I worked for a hotel as a security guard, the place had unsettling rules... Final part
In the Winter of 2017, all of our I's became We.
I worked for a hotel as a security guard, the place had unsettling rules. PART 2
Sleep recording app idea, that overlays creepy sounds on recordingsI worked for a hotel security guard, the place had unsettling rules...
I Never Knew Things Would Turn Out This Way.
This YouTube channel ACCURATELY predicted the death of famous celebrities.
There's something living behind the walls where I work..
I might be able to see the undead - And I hate it
Simple question from a new user.
how to make chicken shawarma|homemade| middle eastern food|the very best
There's something in the atlantic ocean
todas las noches venía a visitarme
Just Smile.
First story (Still am editing it any recommendations?)
Things Darker Than Man (PART 2, FINAL)
I Create Dolls to Comfort the Living
Therе is а Yоutubеr сalled "Lеon Fаraday" thаt leаrns evеryweеk а nеw skill. Нis rеlаtives раssed awаy when he wаs 14, he mаkes vidеos аbоut оwn experiеnсe of mаstering nеw skills аnd another vidеos for pеоple to kееp motivatiоn tо leаrn and try nеw things, becаuse we hаve оnly оnе life !!
gallows hill 2 // mirror face
My Town has a Strange Urban Legend and No One Knows Why
Identity
Insomnia
Find Out
Arachnophobia
The Woman in White
Mama's Boy
The Thompson Case
Barney's Lost Episode
Something Wicked
Child of the Garden
The Silent Sound
I think I met a skin walker.
I found a secret room in my house. I’m pretty sure it was built for something evil.
Arachnophobia
I wish I never went inside my grandmother's room after dark two nights ago, please help
I work at an amusement park called Frankie's FunLand
The house in the woods
Room 209
Brother
The girl from Venus
I saw things when I drank after Midnight, I haven’t been the same since
My hometown was probably full of ghosts and I think I may have been the only one other than my friend who knew.
Maternity Row: Pregnant Virgin Seeks Advice
Paperweight
House for sale, Living need not apply
Abracadabra (PART 1)
Abracadabra (PART 1)
To anyone who thinks that don't creep out easily, watch this video.
Cheating on my boyfriend
They aren’t the heroes.
I Tried to Make the Sun Smile (Part One)
My Childhood Friend
LOOKING FOR STORIES FOR OUR YOUTUBE CHANNEL!👻
Help with finding a story
At Night, I Can't Tell What's Real
looking for an old story i read some 5 years back now. please help
My name's Dom. My wife and I have been arguing about putting my mother away in a home lately than this happened...
My Cat Has Been Acting Strange
the goddamn internet is ruining our kids.
I’m looking for true scary stories for my YouTube Channel called Jay Stories. Feel free to contact me on reddit. Thanks!
Feast
Respect the dead
The car meet.
My school just went on lockdown. Our principal has a 50.cal sniper rifle. (Part Three)
Hotel California
Hotel California
The phantom whooter.
Things Darker Than Man (PART 1)
Rosewood Pt. 5, The Sign
Paranormal Studies and Observations Group
Loneliness can lead to much more than you think.
EDAE pt.1
Can anyone help me? I’m on a bus that refuses to stop, and I don’t know where I am... [Part 5]
I Met a Lot Lizard
"Things Darker Than Man" (PART 1) by Julian J. Alexander
"Things Darker Than Man" (PART 2) by Julian J. Alexander
"Things Darker Than Man" (PART 1) by Julian J. Alexander
I was briefly trapped in the Mac and Cheese World
I was (briefly) trapped in the Macaroni and Cheese World
There is a Thin Place Far too Close to My Town
I'm an FX artist for B movies, and lately, the actors I work with have been transforming into the monster makeup I paint on them. Part 2
Hiking in Devil's Pit, Eastern Europe. A human error, which had changed everything
How I stumbled upon The Traumatizing Indigo torture room
Legacy
Legacy (Chapter 1)
Ghost
The Screaming of Pigs
burge r king foot lettuce
If you are in Halstead Kansas, Please! NEVER GO TO THE AVI BRIDGE AT NIGHT!
At The Edge Of My Property: Update
If you are ever in Halstead Kansas, NEVER go to the AVI Bridge at night!
How much can one endanger his and others whole lives in a single moment? Perhaps not that much, one might say, when sitting calmly in a warm room. Frightened humans on the other hand, can do what they did not even dream of doing. I understood that after hiking in Devil's Pit, Eastern Europe..
Why I Never Uber Anymore
The red planet ( Mars)
I should of listened to my grandparents
"Live Again"
In the Winter of 2017, all of our I’s became “We”.
I was trippin on something that’s for sure
Horrors of IKEA: Do not fall asleep in their stores
Commented on a post that got removed shortly after beginning to write, thought it was good so decided to share. Enjoy
Perfection
The Boy In The Fire Part.3
The Boy In The Fire Part.3
The Swifty DreamThe Swifty Dream
Red Peppers
Straight Rows
i shouldn't of looked at the moon
I shouldn't have looked at the moon
i should not have looked at the moon
I Saw Something.. Unusual in the TV Static that I Wished I Ignored
I should not have looked at the moon
Psych Ward Horror Story
I Don't Think My Wife Is Human
The Girl From Prom
Four years ago, I lived in the Barbie Dreamhouse. I had a blast!!
Can anyone help me? I’m on a bus that refuses to stop, and I don’t know where I am... [Part 3]
go to sleep (ima get called out cause of the sub name)
My Daughter Talks To Her Shadow
Don't Swim In The Sinkholes In Mexico
The Crackling Man
A Night In Chamberlain
Nachtpirscher
I lived with my father in his lab. He might still be alive.
My Best Friend has Bad Dreams and I am Her Protector - Part 3: The Protector
Never Race a Lone "Skater" On a Moonlit Highway
Has Anyone Heard This Song? I Can’t Find It Anywhere. (Part One)
i'm living in the zombie apocalypse. i don't know how much time i may have left...(part 2)
I wish I never learned about the black eye’d kids
Devil's Trumpet
Cursed Tapes and How to Avoid Them Part 10: The God of TV
The Cavern Coaster
Clovers
The God Chord
Admishun: The Zoo
Any good stories?
Any scary stories i could read?
hocus pocus is real!
Unit 190
Splitting
There is no electricity in our city and it has been over 24 hours , the sun has not risen and it's almost as if our government is trying to cut our city off from the rest of the world
My hometown has an urban legend. Do not let the figures in the darkness catch you.
The Gameboy advanced SB
Tracked
My uncle tries to kill me
I found 2 siren heads outside my house
I wish I never had looked into the creepy door at school
The Wicker Saga: Song of Joy, Part 18
0o
I think we messed up the elevator ritual (part 4)
The Girl In Pink
"Don't break the rules." I broke the first one!!
serial maniac
Mr. Dodgers' Neighborhood
Do Not Wish Me A Happy Cake Day
The killer barbie doll
I started an overnight job
Slit
The Death Lottery
We're not supposed to watch the local broadcast channel. [Part 3] Final
The Boy In The Fire Part.2
I crashed a quarantine party
My Friend Drake
Has Anyone Ever Heard of "The Coconut Grove" Nightclub?
Granny
Granny
Sleeping Summers
My Husband Went Missing in Sri Lanka; Now a Stranger's Using His Voice
Taskforce Prometheus: Field Report 001
I could do with a few inches less.
I am leaving the Woods' residence. Now.
I work for a secret research center. The number of missing employees concerns me.
Weird experience on youtube
I work as a real estate agent for a company called LiveBetter. The apartments we sell have something wrong with them.
I should never hired a nanny
I star in a reality TV show that does not exist.
I should not hired a nanny.
My dog can talk, and I wish he couldn't.
Can anyone help me? I’m on a bus that refuses to stop, and I don’t know where I am! [Part 2]
Ghost Orb Caught On Camera
GHOST IN CARS MIRROR. WITH PICS. NEED HELP . DEBUNK PLS.
NEED HELP. GHOST IN THE CARS MIRROR. with pictures.
Ghost in cars mirror. NEED ANSWERS. FAST (WITH PICTURES)
The hot to not list.
A Canvas on My Back
The Hospital Chapter 1
Spread Your Wings Up To The Sky
The Hospital Chapter 1 (My first attempt to write. Any feedback and comments appreciated)
I can’t stop walking when I should be sleeping. I need help.
Beware of Desert-prowling Things
I don’t have what it takes
[Part 1] My Baby Keeps Changing
[Part 1] My Baby Keeps Changing
The cured necklace
I am a Personal Trainer who pushes my clients above and beyond their breaking point.
Letters From My Baby’s Killer (Final): The Code
I used to deliver pizzas. Now I'm a driver for the Dark Convoy.
PredictMag: Mr. Fortune Teller makes his quarterly predictions
Ring around the rosies
The forest
The forest pt.1
I became a police psychic to get out of an underage drinking charge: The Pink Dog
There is nothing wrong with my little daughter
Cold Creek Pt 1Cold Creek Pt 1
Don’t enter the kitchen.
Brains on the Carpet
People call me psychotic. I prefer criminally insane
I hope this note makes her feel loved, but am worried it will freak her out
My son went missing ten years ago. Now i know the horrible truth.
This Mansion is Making Me Lose My Mind
Berni's Law
The Silent Queef
Despite seeing them all my life, I've stopped believing in ghosts.
Big solutions for small towns.
Some things happened at my family's lake house that we dont talk about anymore.
The Mandela Effect
The Slide
There is something wrong with the local coyotes
Checkpoint
Checkpoint
Checkpoint
January 2021 Winners!
When the Sirens Come
Pound of Flesh
How to Survive Camping - a very old war
My Dad's Ridiculous Story To Preemptively Stop Me From Getting Addicted to Gambling [PART 1]
If you see people floating, get inside.
The young earth is a dangerous place.
You Really Should Be Afraid To Die (True Story)
I went to hell and I’ll be back there soon
Pound of Flesh by A.H. Gottlieb
I saw something sinister through the window of the house across from me
I saw something sinister through the window of the home across from me..
Copper sand
No Sleep In Irlam
My life as I know it is slowly falling apart
My Best Friend has Bad Dreams and I Can't Escape Them - Part 2
HAVE YOU HEARD OF THE CHARNEL MAN?
The Sadist's Escape Room
Every forty-two days, someone comes out of the old bathtub
Can anyone help me? I’m on a bus that refuses to stop, and I don’t know where I am!
What's Between the Static?
I found my dad's secret tape collection. He wasn't the man we thought he was.
Something is wearing my sister's skin
I study forbidden and 'cursed' media (part 5): The Black Concerto
You have booked a session with entity ??? do you wish to proceed?
REAL ghost stories
I lived with my father in his lab. There's just too much I cannot comprehend.
Help. I find my teacher disturbing
The Case Of Marshall Jacobs (Part Three)
my parents had a strange rule(final); we summon the keeper
My Neighbor, The Horder
Letters From My Baby's Killer (Part One): The Hooded Man
I’m too big, so you put me in a box.
A Deal's a Deal
I want upvotes
Dr. Morrigan's Case Files: Susanna's Shadow part 2
"I will this blood of mine to bind,
ＤＯＮ＇Ｔ ＳＬＥＥＰ ｖｏｌ．７
AU REVOIR, AMIGO (PART ONE)
The missing friend
Missing friend
The ODD one
A friendly killer👻
my freakiest night ever.... :(
My Cupid, the Soul Stealing Monster (Part 2)
I Took Three Tests
Lied to.
i'm living in the zombie apocalypse. i don't know how much time i may have left...
Best Title of 2020 Voting Thread
I work at a private museum for the rich and famous. Today I made my escape.
I cuddled up to my wife as i did every night
Confessions of a Superhumans' Psychologist
Yo it’s 12:10 and I want to stay up bro
My friend
We're not supposed to watch the local broadcast channel. [Part 2]
They are watching me.
If anyone has any information or has had this happen to them, please message me!
LATEST FUD PDF AND DOC EXPLOIT
The Boy In The Fire Part.1
My mother always told me to never let my hair down the drain when I shower
It’s not my fault…
The MBTA Tunnel Incident of 1997
Crying in the night
I haven't slept in 3 days lool
I hate squirrels.
I Bought A Love Potion
&gt;&gt;*** SUPER AWESOME OFFER TO R/NOSLEEP REDDITORS !! CLICK TO READ MORE ***
Work In Progress: “u-ugh AHH AHH *hic* ahh ahh... f-fine I g-guess y-you a-are m-AHH l-little pogchamp”. Credit for u/Asais10 for writing the second half, will start writing again once I do some other personal stuff. Sorry if this is bad English isn’t a first language for me.
Work In Progress: “u-ugh AHH AHH (hic) ahh ahh... f-fine I g-guess y-you a-are m-AHH l-little pogchamp”. Credit for u/Asais10 for writing the second half, will start writing again once I do some other personal stuff. Sorry if this is bad English isn’t a first language for me.
[Work In Progress] “u-ugh AHH AHH (hic) ahh ahh... f-fine I g-guess y-you a-are m-AHH l-little pogchamp”. Credits to u/Asais10 for writing the other half.
where are they?
AU REVOIR, AMIGO (PART ONE)
How to Survive Camping - Bryan's dogs
where are they?
I know what you look like when you die.
My Sister sees ghost...
The fireworks have been getting closer and closer, and they’re starting too not sound like fireworks anymore….
My sister see's ghost.. Part 1
Haachama handed me a balloon
I think my dog has been replaced...
The Ghost of my Brother &amp; Cousin tried to warn me...
Why my father went into the woods.Down to the liquor store
Crying in the Night
The Nightwalkers (working title)
I accidentally clicked a murderer’s video...
I found a rope. It saved my life.
My Best Friend has Bad Dreams, and Now I’m In Them : Part 1 The Sleepover
'CROCODILE HOUSE'.
Me and my buddy Jake explore the sewerage
It wasn't supposed to be like this
'CROCODILE HOUSE'.
Something always sings alongside me
There was no hope to begin with
The Haunting of the Hotel. (Part 1) The Ten Rules.
Email
I run an underground airline, what i saw last night made me reconsider my career choices
I love you, my sweetheart
I don't understand anything anymore
I Just Saw a Craigslist Ad for Myself [Part 2]
New
Sled
Wake Up Daddy
I work in a museum. There are a few rules that the tour guides have to abide by.
I Accidentally Created an Alternate Reality Game
This video should have never contained a paid advertisement
The beeping noise keeping me up at night
Be careful what you wish for
Everyone fears death more than ever
I'm a resident in a nursing home. One of the PSWs here is the FUCKING DEVIL!
Chess and Pickels
Tricks and illusions that will blow your mind 🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯
I lived with my father in his lab. My survival is progressing smoothly. Others are not so fortunate.
My Dad Left Me His Tape Collection (Part 4)
r
Netflix is freaking me out! Help!!
Netflix is freaking me out! Help!!
I decided to humor my sisters joke and I whispered to Alexa: “Whenever you listen to us, make a loud sound.”
Am I the jerk for sending this unrequited love note?
Holy sh*t
I found my dad's secret tape collection. Why was it following him?
Someone else... Is he?
My dog isn’t my best friend
The First Concert I Went To Was The Worst Night Of My Life
The Soup Kitchen
The Hidden Unknown of the Blizzards
I’m A Monster Who Used To Hunt Other Monsters For The Government
I crossed between worlds of souls and earth.
I found a rouge transmission from space, I wish I didn’t listen to it.
I don’t know how you’ll receive this message, but you need to wake up. (Final)
The King of the Valley
Its just a matter of time
Monk Hill
I investigate possession cases for a living, something new is happening.
Why do they always laugh
I thought that nobody cared. But trust me, there's always someone who cares.
These dreams seriously mess me up
Went looking for my cat, found something else. Part I
My old job hired a robot...I think.
I’m Currently Living With My Brother Who Ingested My Sisters Flesh When He Was Eight Years Old (part 1)
Don't forget to pay the ferryman.
Falling over a bridge
I Had That Same Dream Again - Part 1
We're not supposed to watch the local broadcast channel.
Last Night, I Was Awoken By An Emergency Alert From Another Reality
It Took My Brother Being in Danger for Me to Accept Our Gift
I Had That Same Dream Again &amp; Get Some Good Advice- Part 2
Glasses Let Me See Clearly And Destroyed My Life.
It Took My Brother Being in Danger for Me to Accept Our Gift - Final
Unconditional Love
I approached my gang stalkers, I wish I hadn't [Part 1]
All the dogs in town started purring.
Midnight Estate Sale
Do Not Move Into 417 Auburn Crescent.
I Had That Same Dream Again - Part 1
All the dogs in town started purring.
This place.
I live in front of a mirror (part 1)
The man outside won’t go away. The man outside won’t go away. The man outside won’t go away.
Something is in my doorway.
Ever since Mr. Higgins died, there's been screaming.
Every since Mr. Higgins died, there's been screaming.
what happened?
Years ago a wave of monsters started appearing. The Next Wave is is our Extinction.
The Luminorion Farmer is a mythical creature that puts magical fertilizer on farms that don't grow in winter, I recently found out what's in his fertilizer.
Em ot emoc
how i ended up in jail wearing nothing but a shit-covered foam finger
That survey
That Survey
I’ve been Homesick before. But lately I think my body is physically drawing me home.
In my hometown, cancer is a communicable disease, passed by evil deeds. STAGE 4 (Part 2)
In a loop
20 Grand
I'm a Ranger in the Canadian wilds. A shadow has followed me through the forest...
I found an old, sealed letter under a floor tile in my bathroom - Part 2 of 2 (FINAL)
The Owls watch 2
I've Never Felt Comfortable in My Own Skin. Now I Know Why
My uncle left me a shifty little bar in his will. Some witches get very agressive when they're drunk.
I'm not sure if these phone calls were real
i love beans am
im being tracked
In my hometown, cancer is a communicable disease, passed by evil deeds. STAGE 4 (Part 2)Mankanto
AITA for not cooking for my husband anymore due to his constant complaints about my meals?
I'm finally a true artist
Home Alone
Home Alone
This video contains another paid advertisement
Ronald McDonald House 2
BOOK OF DEATH/ intro.1
Ronald McDonald House REMASTER Co-Written
I LIVE IN FRONT OF A MIRROR (part 1)
I used to work at the strangest zoo on Earth. I would normally say God help us, but at this point I don’t think even God can help us.
I used to work at the strangest zoo on Earth. I would say God help us, but at this point, I don’t think even God could help us
It's not a baby no matter how much it disagrees. Update:1
My latest case is mysterious [PART 3]
The apartment complex I live in has scary rules that the tenants must follow. Part 4
I lived with my father in his lab. I might not be the only promising child of his.
She screams every morning at 4am
Over 10 years of searching, I have no idea who or what my 2 paranormal entities are and why they chose me.
I don't know how long they've been here
confession
My childhood things my mom taught me
Pi mining via smartphone
My father's cabin, the creature
My ex-husband kept pushing for more custody.
The Magic Fucking 8 Ball
Netflix ghost?
My grandfather shot a cat in the middle of the night. Ten years later, I found out why.
The Cuff - Ch.1
The Cuff - [Ch.1]
I lived with my father in his lab. I might not be the only promising child of his.
The laughing girl.
I've always asked myself why humans evolved the feeling of the 'Uncanny Valley.' Tonight I finally learned why.
I found my dad's secret tape collection
Why would early humans have evolved a sense of the 'Uncanny Valley'? It's the feeling of disgust and revulsion we feel when encountering anything, living or dead, that nearly has us convinced it's human. Tonight I finally learned why.
I am a Sheriff's Deputy in Bull's Heart Texas. Part 3B
my parents had a strange rule(part 3): guests are always welcome
I was given conditions, but for what?
I’ve been getting strange messages from a long lost friend
People have been going missing at the local bayou
The same little boy
Hello? Are you still there?
Little Sky (Part Two)
I remembered.
Little Sky (Part Two)
I don’t remember
I'm an uber drive, while on the job about 3 years ago, I had an interesting client......
The night I accepted my own death
I was gonna post this on a relationship advice r instead but here seemed better suited
I don’t remember it.
I worked for the crisis cleaners in my area, and last year, I saw something horrifying
Please help me, I need to get home.
I heard tapping on my window at 4 AM
I heard tapping on my window at 4 AM
I joined a convent. Something is terribly wrong here.
I was sent to build homes in Ohio and it was almost the death of me. Part Three - I cant go anywhere here without something happening.
It Took My Brother Being in Danger for Me to Accept Help
My Masterpiece
The Room TW-Extreme Violence
The Book of Edward
Monk Hill
I was sent to build homes in Ohio, it was almost the death if me. Part Three - I can't be anywhere here without something happening.
This unforgiving world (part 2)
Sleep [Part 1]
Sleep(Chapter 1)
How to slip through.
I am the head chef for an exclusive cannibal dining club
Paranoia
A Trend I've Noticed Amongst the Dying in the Hospital
The Shape Of You
No. (Part one)
Unexpected Knock
The Room Behind the Crawlspace [TW: Extreme Violence]
The Old Train
I woke up without any memory in the Sonoran Desert. Now there's something chasing me.
The death of a baby no one remembers, but I think about often.
That morning, my best friend vanished
That morning, my best friend vanished.
I brought my wife back from the dead, but now I want a divorce.
My Wife Cheated On Me, So I Hooked Up With a Succubus
My Wife Cheated On Me, So I Hooked Up With a Succubus
The owls watch, part 2
The owls watch part 2
That morning, my best friend vanished.
This unforgiving world
My uncle left me a shifty little bar in his will. There's some weird parties happening here.
When the Costa Concordia sank, I was sent to retrieve a package; I wish I hadn't.
Sleep Problems Due to Noise
Space Cowboys!
It is not a baby, no matter how much it disagrees.
I'm An Unpaid Intern And Things Are Weird Here (Part 2)
It Lives in the Midwestern Wildeness
I know it's not a baby, no matter how much it disagrees.
It Lives in the Midwestern Wilderness
Charter School Survival Guide – Don’t Enter the Aqua Doors
My dog warned me about my uncle…
The Cult at Parmatown 2- The Survivor's Tale
Family in Black-and-White
This video still contains a paid advertisement
The Study
The disappearance of Mitchell CrabbThis video still contains a paid advertisement
An expensive hobby
The Study ( Fixed Version )
The apartment complex I live in has scary rules that the tenants must follow. I made a terrible mistake. Part 4
The apartment complex I live in has scary rules that the tenants must follow. I made a terrible mistake. Part 4
I am becoming a monster [PART 2]
The Study
The Study
The Study
The Choice Experiment. Shared pain can exponentially increase suffering.
My first story i made. ( original language: German )
THERW WAS SOME THING IN THE CLOSET
Someone is selling Pictures of my Children online
Someone is selling Pictures of my Children online
Hotel horor story
The Lady's Prayer
I used to think small apartments weren't scary enough. No more.
The Joy of Painting S13E13A: “Dark Mountain At Midnight”
The helpful stranger
I lived with my father in his lab. It's the first day since I left my flask.
creep at night
What was the most terrifying thing you experienced?
Covid-19 was only the beginning
The Monster I Am
They called him The Ratman. How does he sleep with no eyelids?
Why I can’t go outside at night
Not human
Can you see that ?
Purple Pollen.
Purple Pollen.
A real story of my onset into weed induced psychosis, would appreciate any feedback, thanks!
Silence is Survival
The Monkeys Show in the Dark
This skin is my own, but the things under it are not.
I am a liar
I am a liar.[NSFW]
The Sordid and Somewhat Icky Case of Avery Tibbits and His Anal Infestation
I've Relived the Same Moment
Find an episode
Monk Hill
MA AND POP'S VELVET MOONSHINE
The Night Market
Scary Roblox Story...
Scary Roblox Story...
Scary Roblox Story...
A Scary Roblox Story.
Something happened in the delivery room that the nurses and I will never talk about.
Honesty and the internet aren't safe
The Difference Between Daisies And Roses
Never ever play a creepy roblox game.
There’s a forest under the river. The creatures there are hungry.
I'm an EMT and something is strange about our station
Little Sky (Part Two)
Little Sky (Part One)
Conversations with Samael
Smile :)
To my Neighbor
Looking for explanations
I am a Sheriff's Deputy in Bull's Heart Texas Part 3A
I am a Sheriff's Deputy in Bull's Heart Texas (Part 3.1)
The girl in the rain
run johnny run
Sweetcakes
It Took My Brother Being in Danger for Me to Accept Our Curse
HAVE YOU SEEN A MAN DRESSED AS A CAT WEARING A HAT?
They meet
Tap tap tap
The crying enderman
My Mom Watches Me Sleep
The People
The Great Disappearing [Part 1]
100 hours no sleep challenge!
My Dad Left Me His Tape Collection (Part 3)
Remember to say hello when you enter and bye when you leave and do not do a bad job part 2
I'm a shy rich girl,educated,loved by parents,but still attract and'' date'' cheap and abusive guys who take me for granted.It's a real lifetime horror story.
My uncle left me a shifty little bar in his will. Here's why I'm at the hospital.
I've seen many things as a Gravedigger... but this encounter was enough to end my career.
My Grandfather Died Yesterday
I’m beginning to think that I’m not real
My city has been cut off from the world and overrun with monsters. I have a set of rules to stay alive. Yesterday, I made two emotional discoveries: the downside of having Zoe, and a door in the dome
From the Diary of an Astral Projector
Burn
I work at the office , and something really strange is going on .
Eudaimonia
This video contains a paid advertisement
Cables
For my YT
An old guy hired me to manage his life-sized dollhouse, and it’s about time I got the fuck out of here (FINAL)
I AM HAPPY
Remember to say hello when you enter and bye when you leave and do not do a bad job
Unexplained phenomena occurred at Grayswood Farm
Deathly Seas in Dead Space
The Old Oak Tree
Deathly Seas in Dead Space
I AM HAPPY
My friend
The Wishing-you would rather die-Well
I live with my father in his lab. Yesterday, I almost died. That's how I discovered internet!
He visits me in my sleep now. He stole my organs. Im not crazy.
The Wishing-(you would die)-WellThe Kiss
As A Kid, I Used to Travel to Another Dimension. Its People Have Visited Me Again.
What Is My "Destination" ?
They found a journal in an abandoned mental hospital, something that was going on in there wasn't right
Every time I fall asleep in the dark I wake up somewhere else
They investigated an abandoned mental hospital, something that was going on in there just isn't right
Ingrown
Ingrown
Last Night My Wife Came Home
Something happened in the delivery room that the nurses and I will never talk about it.
I Went On An Expedition To The Titanic. I'll Never Set Foot In The Ocean Again.
Hey i have been noticing weird stuff happening this is my story (so far)
Liminality: Not the beginning, but where this starts
Be careful of the shuttle busses at Disney World unless your willing to learn the real truth
Recovered
I was sent to build homes in Ohio, it was almost the death of me. Part 2 - Settled in, but unsettled to the core.
A day in my life
Ringing - Part One
living the supernatural; my sixth sense
My Guardian Creature Saved Me From Being Abducted
living the supernatural; my sixth sense
Living Nightmare
Ringing (Part I )
We've created a Horror story, Creepy story podcast.
Amelia's Eats
Furieux
If you hear wolf howls in Birka Forest, run
In the span of 20 years, I died twice. [Final]
I think my mom kidnapped my dad and I’m too afraid to ask him (UPDATE)
Uncovered Information. From 3042. (Part 2)
I see God's dreams
Check the walls
Every Time I'm At My Computer, I Think Someone Is Upstairs And I Finally Just Got The Energy To Tell Someone.
“I’m A Monster.” Series Update
My teaching job requires “other duties as assigned”, and those duties just got much more complicated.
Desperately seeking advice. I'm terrified the next I fall asleep will be my last....
It’s been two weeks since I flunked my audition for a popular TV show. There is something wrong with the cast.
It’s been two weeks since I flunked my audition for a popular TV show. There is something wrong with the cast.
Digital Marketing Agency: I will do Instagram marketing organic grow
An old friend of mine signed up for a vaccine trial and I think she might be in trouble.
Silence.
I had some car trouble.
The Last Thought Through my Mind
The Last Thing Going Through My Mind
Fortnite chungus
My uncle left me a shifty little bar in his will. We paid a visit to Norman's house.
Nightmare Stress
The Voice Of Evil
They have been following me too
The Choice Experiment. Memories can and will be modified by the incautious mind.
Warning! Objects in mirror are closer than they appear
I took an elevator in a college. It took me somewhere that didn't exist.
My wife hasn’t come home in 3 days, and the hospital she works at won’t tell me anything but I got this terrifying phone call from her cell and I’m freaking out
My friends and I were hired to break into a house, but out of the three of us, only four made it out alive
Orange Tag
Be careful of the shuttle busses at Disney World unless your willing to learn the real truth
Help
Man on the stairs
I live in rural North Texas. This last week we've been without power and experiencing sub zero temperatures and record snowfall...
I will never play with a spirit board again.
What Lie Beneath the Surface
My dad summoned a demon, and I'm paying the price.
I had a horrible childhood experience with furries.
I stayed at home for two hours but it passed two mounths
Beneath the Floorboards
A Rainy Night Nightmare
Just figured this out
devilish call
Sleep Paralysis or Something More Sinister?
Anyone who played NES Godzilla never found the original
Some Nightmares are real
The owls watch part 1
A real life story of how I almost got kidnapped or worse...
Wonderland In A Place With No Name
The Reset Button
Buddys shop of all out horrors!!!
Do not look at the sunset
Nosh Lore
I died and switched dimensions
Door dash horror story
after rape and gaslighting then therapy
Sometimes people just grow like mold
A reoccurring nightmare
My brother tried to suicide in front of us
Don’t let it in.
Keep Getting This Weird Email Ad
My brain surgery went horribly wrong and now I'm trapped inside
What would you do if you saw an opening as a prison guard?
Make sure you carefully read the label of your three-in-one body wash
once i hoped i wouldn't fall asleep, now i wish i don't wake up
Manhunt...
I was nearly the victim of a scammer
James Journal
manhunt...
Its too late now, but on some level wish I had never tried meditation.
I'm still hoping that I'm inside of a terrible nightmare
I played the elevator game without consent and here are the consequences
She Stares Back
I was put on a homicide case and it stretched out into the true demons on earth
A few days ago I started recording myself sleepwalking. What I did while asleep led me to discover that my house has a second basementI did not sleep alone.
Nosleep story titles be like
Miss Poppy Home For Girls: Lily (Pt 2)
I heard a woman die over my university’s ham radio.
Miss Poppy Home For Girls: Lily
I heard a woman die on my university's ham radio.
The Voodooman
Something's walking around my house at night
I was kidnaped by my neighbor
https://pastebin.com/txei7H7M
I Made A Deal With An Old Man In A Food Court Bathroom (Pt. 18)
Mission Name Forest Ghoul.
I auditioned for a popular TV show. There is something seriously messed up going on with the cast.
Miss Poppy Home For Girls; "Thoughts?"
My Dad Left Me His Tape Collection (Part 2)
My uncle left me a shifty little bar in his will. This was the last time I saw the little girl who beat me up.
All Will be Silent
Voided By Infinity
MeH dEmOnIc KiTtEh
Miss Poppy's Home For Girls: Thoughts?
Hello
The Vegan Experiment
A simple explanation
The Salvation of Ethan King
Face in the Window
Looking for one specific /NoSleep story I once read
Hello
hey everyone, check out my scary story
NASA Is Trying To Kill Us All
NASA Is Trying To Kill Us All
Goodbye.
Don't worry, I'll trap this "cat" in my room so it wouldn't try to harm anyone.
Sometimes when I sleep I witness how people have died.
The 2016 Confession of Denis Yoder, III and His Cryptic Final Warning
I think I am turning into a monster
The Choice Experiment. Is there a purpose to free will?
The Day it Snowed Forever
I Took A Job From A Strange Woman In A Bar. I Regret Nothing
I’m a JPL scientist who helped land today’s Perseverance rover. They only revealed two photos, because there’s something in the other pictures they don’t want us to see.
Don't mess with Macie!
Recovered
I was sent to build homes in Ohio and it was almost the death of me. Part one - Another Brick in the Wall
Face in the Window
The Sun is gone and there's creatures outside. (Part 1)
I cant die
Coaching app
The Sun is gone and there's creatures outside. (Part 1)
Close Your Eyes
My horror story is my lust toward children.
The Other Place
The Sun is gone and there's creatures outside.
s
I can't die
I’m Currently Living With My Brother Who Ingested My Sisters Flesh When He Was Eight Years Old (part 4)
Do Not Talk To Strangers At Midnight
I’m Currently Living With My Brother Who Ingested My Sisters Flesh When He Was Eight Years Old (part 3)
PAREIDOLIA
I’m Currently Living With My Brother Who Ingested My Sisters Flesh When He Was Eight Years Old (part 2)
I’m Currently Living With My Brother Who Ingested My Sisters Flesh When He Was Eight Years Old (part 1)
Enjoy your vacation at Lake Chillmoore - Plan a weekend , spend a lifetime -(FINAL) Part 4. The Arrangement
Pedir permiso
A traumatizing beach retreat with my parent's Stay Young Healing Group
MK-Echo
The Man In My Dad's Garage
The Murderer's Guide to Lawn Care
A Different Kind of Darkness [PART 2]
I had a drinking problem when I lived in Tokyo, but I think I had a good reason
Morning people should not be allowed to exist
Tales From a Paranormal Childhood: There's a Pooka in the Living Room
The small town I'm in got evacuated and it's not just for snow
I auditioned for a popular TV show. I'm still having nightmares about my experience.
It takes very little to become paranoid maniacs
I made this story
Scary story my friend told me
I was getting stuff from a dead family member didnt go that good
I was going to get some stuff from my dead uncle but it didnt go verry good
I need to close my eyes
Cursed?
You Have Felt Me, You Just Don't Realize It.
Not my father
I've Never Felt Comfortable In My Own Skin. Now I Know Why.
5 Classic Horror Films You Should Watch.
5 CLASSIC HORROR FILMS YOU SHOULD WATCH
Help. I Can’t Tell If I am Watching a Movie.
I’m an employee at an unusual movie theater. We don’t open 'Screen Zero' to the public. [Final]
The Casino
There was black goo where my friend should have been.
The Day it Snowed Forever
Ricinus commúnis
I still investigate the Occult: Julie and the Husk
Find it before it finds you (part 1)
The shadow was alive!
The Choice Experiment. Is there a purpose to free will?
I study forbidden and 'cursed' media (part 4): Distortions on the set of Hat Trick
My Dad Left Me His Tape Collection (Part 1)
I thought I only had one crazy ex-boyfriend, now I have a whole town full of them.
my first post i cant think of a title lol this was just made up i hope u like this story
I just got a call
I just got a call.....
Find it before it finds you (part 1)My uncle left me a shifty little bar in his will. Somebody's after my belongings and my staff.
find it before it finds you (part 1)
LET THE LIGHT IN
I found the gates of hell, they are under my great aunts basement.
Believe it or Not
Bobolian
Wendigo: The Encounter
The Calling
The Three Impostors
I don't want to close my eyes.
"It's my first ever story, be easy on me :)"
HELLFUCK 2021: A DISEMBODYSSEY
Call this number ‭+1 (408) 630-5812‬
TICONDEROGA
A letter from a caring father
The Midnight Game Experience
I got paid heavily to organise a rich family's closet, but I had to follow really weird conditions.
I ask for help everywhere and I can not find it
Whatsapp messages...
To author who wrote about being a cop and a case from 15 years ago disappearing to everyone but yourself and the mother.. I can't remember your name but really want to know what happened...
dinner.
My expertise in linguistics came back to haunt me
Night
A ghost???
Crystel Lamp
The Walk
Grey City Tales : Want Fries With That- Vampire Tale 1/3
Grey City Tales: You Want Fries With That - A Vampire Tale (1/3)
What's in the Trunk?
The Owls
What's in the Trunk?
How to Survive Camping - I solve my problems with murder
Enjoy your vacation at Lake Chillmoore - Plan a weekend , spend a lifetime - Part 3. The Hill
LEAKED CLASSIFIED NASA DOCUMENT.
Four of the most popular kids in my school disappeared a few days ago. Today, I found them.
You Have Felt Me. You Just Don't Realize It.
I am asking for help
I need help
Animations that need to stay in the Disney Vault.
DepressAway.Inc
The skeleton man in my dreams
Red Evening (Part 1)
Red Evening (Part 1 of 2)
Black Spot
Fading Footsteps in Freshly Fallen Snow
I think I am the imposter among you
My imaginary friends are part of something bigger than I could ever have imagined.
An old guy hired me to manage his life-sized dollhouse, and now it’s time to face him at Blood Rock.
I’m an employee at an unusual movie theater. We don’t open 'Screen Zero' to the public.
All the Little Spiders
It Happens After Midnight
The Tailcoat
To check something
Six months ago, I acquired a Seinfeld three Costanza moon t-shirt. In the time since, my life has become a living nightmare.
THE NICKELODEON CLOSET CREATURES, I SHOULD HAVE NOT STAY UP TO WATCH NICK@NITE
The Lighthouse
Homeless and Need Help in Fallow Park Tonight
My Garage Door
The Bright Red Door
Prayer Circle
Sisters ~ A Sugar Bowl Legend
Rattling coming from closet.
My parents had a strange rule(part 2): I dolorez....
Have you seen this boy?
The time i got suspended from school
Oh Damon!
Thralls of Flesh and Bone
I Went To See Scream With My Friend, And I Regret It
The last link
My parents had a strange rule(part 2):I, Dolorez, the eater of souls
My Experience In An Abandoned Sanatorium
Rising Star
Fingers and toes
Four of the most popular kids in my school disappeared a few days ago. Today, I found them. But I wish I hadn’t. There’s something wrong with them that I can’t explain.
The Kitty Dimension
My Friend Made A Tinder Account, But Not For The Reason You Think
I requested unclassified documents for necromancy as a joke. I got a report in response.
https://www.change.org/mikayla1223
I used to investigate the Occult: This is why you don't bring back the dead.
I think my body switched dimensions last night, but my roommate's daughter is the only one who seems to notice
There's a dead man in Room 7
I work as a Retail Sale Employee. Theres a few unusual rules I'm required to follow.
Taht time I entered my friends basement.
My son had an unhealthy obsession with cockroaches.
The Kiss
Please help figure this video (skit) out
A Night In Forest Park
hi :)
They left the gate open, what did they expect?
Strange Cult The Children of the Cottage
I used to be a contract killer, this is the story of my final job.
I’m tired of dying
A strange dark fog has been consuming our school, and people are trapped inside it.
I have depression, and it lead me to the Devil.
They Live In The Trees
morgz shits his pants
OCD
I think you're beautiful inside.
Izanami
My wife used to have Aphantasia - now her imagination is trying to kill us both!Pet cremation - A gate to hell opens after dark
Enjoy your vacation at Lake Chillmoore - Plan a weekend , spend a lifetime:
Howl (Part 1)
Howl [Part I]
Unexplainable happenings of Oma's house
morgz shits his pants
Shutter-Bug
I hunt what people know as guardian angels. They aren’t what you imagine them to be.
Ever done something stupid and mercifully lived to tell the tale? Five days ago I thought I had. Now... Can anyone hear me???
I investigate the link between monsters and missing people. Not all grieving mothers are the same.
The Snori Library after dark.
I willed my turd nephew a bar when I died. The only thing I hated more than that miserable bar was that rotten ass kid...
I don't think it will let me go a third time.
My teaching job includes “other duties as assigned”, and I’m not so sure about those duties.
Horror short film. Sleep Well. Help us get to 10k views!! https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=WwkYQOavOys
Something's Off about this Cooking Blog
Something Scared My Mom Late At Night
I’m part of a rescue mission, in an underground cave… on the search for a missing girl. [Part 4]
if you find a penny, pick it up
Please tell the monster under my bed to stop eating all my friends, and to leave me alone instead.
Short Stories: Early in the morning
There were two wendigo outside my dads house last night
I found a report on a disturbing lost play by an Ottoman Poet: Rah-ı Azâp
Cultured Meat (Part 1)
are you okay?
I Took A Job From A Strange Man In A Bar. I Want Out
pick up the penny
Now approaching 23 hours of lucidity
Last One Gets The Lights
Haunted Ruby Narration
I’m being stalked by a millionaire client.
I’m stuck in a nightmare and my real body is rotting.
My friends and I went hunting in the woods when we got there we had a weird list of rules.
What’s happened to my daughter
A Documentation of the Weird Events in my Corner Store (Pt. 5)
I stayed at a lake house in winter while hunting with friends there were some creepy rules
Have You Seen "The Shadow Beasts"
This call may be recorded for quality assurance
I'm not sure, but I think it may have found me
There is something consuming me from the inside out.
I'm not sure, but I think it has found me (Long)
My uncle left me a shifty little bar in his will. Something followed me home.
My parents had a strange rule
The shadow that haunted me since I was five.
My friend and his family were cannibals
My friend and his family are cannibals
My worst nightmare became reality...
My friend and his family are cannibals.
Short Story: Shes Not A Child
My home
My childhood home
Someone is stalking me, and they're on my roof.
My first Valentine's day is not one I would ever forget, but not for the reasons you think
mirror
AOYLL HT
TORMENTED. Last part we finally were able to get rid of our tormentors, the spirit and the evil of the evelist demon.
The Late-Night Creature Feature in Pompeii, Indiana
The Nothing.
As a child psychologist, I’ve worked with some pretty exceptional patients. Greg was the third.
Lost Dutchman
Real estate agents shouldn’t play with the Underworld
[WP] Babysitting gone wrong
I’m a paramedic, and I’m writing this from my room in the psychiatric hospital I used to bring patients to. Please hear me out: there’s something wrong with the old Beamish Ambulance Station.
The Last Straw
One of Us Will Get Her
I met a deer in the forest yesterday. I think it just broke into my house.
Hey, it's a living... while it lasts
I’m a paramedic, and I’m writing this from my room in the psychiatric hospital I used to bring patients to. Please hear me out: there’s something wrong with the old Beamish Ambulance Station.
There's something consuming me from the inside out.
I Should Have Waited Till the Morning to Shovel
I walked around to the trunk and what I saw shocked me...
Babysitting
The bad review
An online friend became an obsessed stalker
The "Deer"
With A Strong Hand and an Outstretched Arm
There is something in the forest (Part 2)
NightNight.....
There is something in the forest (Ending)
My imaginary friends are part of something bigger than I could ever imagine. I have no choice but to help them. If not, I’m dead.
We live in a simulation... and it's glitching.
A Cold Valentine’s
Homeless guy living under the stairs in my apartment complex, what should I do?
The Room With Never Ending Darkness
Une colocation pas comme les autres
the secret passage
oh how society changes
I got atacched to a human
The Prohibition Possession
My Mother's Kindness Resulted In Her Death - Part 1 - 2
The Room With The Never Ending Darkness
I’m part of a rescue mission, in an underground cave… on the search for a missing girl. [Part 3]
You have six new voice messages
The Fog Bearer
I work for a secret research center. What is a little boy doing there?
My Mother's Kindness Resulted In Her Death - Part 1 &amp; 2
The Red Pumps? Or the Black?
Scary short story by me!
The biding of isaac intro
Cursed Tapes and How to Avoid Them Part 9: Bunker A-2My Mother's Kindness Resulted In Her Death - Part 1 &amp; 2
/0/18/0
Keep Your Friends Close
Cecil hotel
My city has been cut off from the world and overrun with monsters. I have a set of rules to stay alive. Rule #3 used to be unBEARable, but now it gives me hope
It's Valentine's Day and I don't want to be her Valentine
Mediation Music, Relax Mind, Deep Relaxation Music, Sleep Music, Yoga Music
The Forest 150m From My Front Door Step
My uncle left me a shifty little bar in his will. There's another door in the backroom.
Something devilish resides in my old hometown, and it wants me to come back
Grandir avec le paranormal part1
My Neighbor's Mischievous Beard Brought Us Together
How to See (Part 1)
How to Summon the Matchmaker: A Guide for Desperate Lovers
The GPS
I'm terrified of my guardian, some advice would be great.
My cousins and I plan to visit an old family home that’s supposed to be haunted.
The Light House
Five minutes until midnight
Terreurs nocturnes
THE MOTH MAN
THE MOTH MAN
THE MOTH MAN
I created my perfect artificial soulmate but he's more real than I expected
I inherited my granfather's house and it has weird rules (part 1)
I inherited my grandfather house; it has weird rules. (I)
I tried to cure my friend's Arachnophobia, but I might have taken it too far
My Grandpa is talking Nonsense
A Night In Forest Park..
Seven Tentacles
Creation Of The World Good Vs Evil
The story of the hidden reactor (part 1)
My Mother's Kindness Resulted In Her Death - Part 1 &amp; 2
A trip to ancient memories
My Mother's Kindness Resulted In Her Death - Part 1 &amp; 2
Alligator Cult
One night, I heard a coyote begin to howl - with laughter
Alligator Cult
Alligator Cult
thë sïłençė
John Greenback
A story from my grandmother that seems to have a deeper meaning now.
I have the ability to control other people's bodies. Yesterday, I used my power on myself.
I think there’s something wrong with the woods here. Part 3
Our Dearly Beloved Mother Is Not Our Dearly Beloved Mother
I am a former Green Beret soldier. The Russian and US governments are working together to hide something in northern Siberia
The Storm
The Road to Burden: Part 1
TESTER TESTER TESTER
Don't Tempt Fate 4 - A Little Animal
I like going for walks at night
Strange dream, or something much worse?
Best Original Monster of 2020 Voting Thread
Super Powers Are Real
I am a Therapist for the Supernatural - Greed of the Firstborn
My fears
January 2021 Voting Thread
I don’t think I’ll ever sleep with my girlfriend ever again.
Off World
Sleeping for two days
No sleep
Just a college kid's nightmare
Tinder Here, Tinder there
I'm A Sheriff In A Small Town That Ain't Quite Right- Part 2- A Screamin In The Cupboards
another true story about Peppa pig
The Kiss
My Mother's Kindness Resulted In Her Death - Part 2
My Unorthodox Vault Journal experiences
I don't want to go back to work
Need help finding a story/video I read/saw a while back.
The Wara
I Found This Note In A Murdered Woman's Prison Cell
I Don't Think The Old Scarecrow On Mommet Lane Is Made Of Straw.
My imaginary friends crashed my 17th birthday party. I shouldn’t have wished for them to come back.
The Great Benefactor
All I Needed Was a Room...
My Mother's Kindness Resulted In Her Death
I think there’s something wrong with the woods here. Part 3
The apartment complex I live in has scary rules that the tenants must follow. Part 3
My parents want me to commit suicide with them. What should I do?
The Ghost
If only my mother wasn't a good person
It follows..
She's looking
I’m part of a rescue mission, in an underground cave… on the search for a missing girl. [Part 2]
It follows ..
What's the frequency Kenneth?
I woke up outside, under my daughter's bedroom window
The Russian and US governments are working together to hide something in Siberia, we’re all doomed if it gets loose
My mind hates me
Beware of the office hottie...
There are faces in the shadows
Help
Do not stay at the Beat the Breeze Motel.
Looking for a story
My Trailer Park Valentine
My uncle left me a shifty little bar in his will. Here's why you should always appreciate good employees.
Looking for a story.
There's someone outside my window. What should I do?
DepressionI'm A Sheriff In A Small Town That Ain't Quite Right- Part 2- A Screamin In The Cupboards
The Last Safe Place in the World is an NSA Facility in Alaska
My Best Friend Is A Serial Killer And I'm His Next Victim
Her love is what kept him alive.
As a child psychologist, I’ve worked with some pretty exceptional patients. Leanne was the second.
I live in a normal house. With a normal family
Everything was going fine and well. Until the strange man rang our bell.
When our eyes met, I knew my fate was sealed
Strange letters
I've become an unwilling member of the wild hunt, Today I faced a nightmarish enemy
Of Fire And Ash
Clayton's Favorite Book
"Anything BUT a deer"
Can someone explain or help with this,i never understand what happened
Winter is upon US.
Dead in the bedroom
As a teacher I learned that A bully can never really hide from their past.
Keyboard Cat
Something from the Thrift store
Unorthodox Vault experience. (Part 1)
[UNORTHODOX VAULT] Paranormal Horror Comedy
The Shimmer Witch Fell in Love with Me and She's Insanely Jealous
Waking up at 03:33
The Dream Catcher
My first kiss
The boy in the fire pt.3
The Abyss
Do not stay at the supermarket past 10pm
My uncle worked at a Coroner's office in the mid 80s. He never spoke much of it other than the fact that it was the worst period of his life. After he passed, I came across a load of journal entries. This one seemed to be among the first, but they were so scattered. He was obsessed with trains.
&lt;3 Valentines for Veronica &lt;3
The man in the subway
The Kiss
The Kiss
Madison ivy the porn witch
Never Illegally Adopt
Madison ivy the Porn witch
How to Survive Camping - a funeral for the inhuman
The exit to my apartment decided to disappear.
I saw a faceless man gliding down the street.
Stained Glass in the Shower
The Woods
I lived next to a forest of legend. Now I know why people rarely make it out alive.
I'm A Sheriff In A Small Town That Ain't Quite Right
I Can Hear You (part 2)
Our Daughter Went Missing 15 Years Ago
I hate horror games but I am addicted to them. Jumpscares, scarefaces, scared I love those!!!!!!!!!!
I accidentally double-booked a Valentine's date with my wife and my mistress.
Just outside the anatomy museum...
"Hunt-a-killer" Made me solve a local cold case.
Doomed and Hunted
The Challenger Deep is not the deepest part of the Mariana Trench. But what lies at the true depths are absolutely horrifying.
Hell has had a revolt
I went to my bathroom and now I'm in a different dimension
When I was seven years old, my imaginary friends asked me for help. Ten years later, they’re back, and I’m terrified of them.
The Challenger Deep is not the deepest part of the Mariana Trench. But what lies at the true depths are absolutely horrifying.
I'm going to be on the next season of 'My Strange Addiction'
Whispering Among the Trees
Something is seriously wrong with my landlord (Part 1)
Something is terribly wrong with my landlord (Part I)
Glow in the dark stars
I Made A Deal With An Old Man In A Food Court Bathroom (Pt.17)
idk what to call this
Rest in Peace, Grandpa Stan. You’ve earned it.
I’m part of a rescue mission, in an underground cave… on the search for a missing girl.
We Are Glen
Beware of Yogis
I Lost my Eyesight from an Injury, But I Can Still See…
I can hear you (part 2)
Conversation With a Ghost 1
TORMENTED Part-2 A demon &amp; a spirit had made the life of my family A HELL.
The Challenger Deep is not the deepest part of the Mariana Trench. But what lies at the true depths are absolutely horrifying.
I see things in the glass
I’m having an online seance with my friends later, have you ever heard of a Tulpa?
I’m having an online seance with my friends later, have you ever heard of a Tulpa?
I’m doing an online seance with my friends later, have you ever heard of a Tulpa?
My families winter cabin was abandoned 7 years ago and I never knew why. Part 2
You overhear the strangest things when you speak a foreign language
I see things in the wall
I see things in walls
Part 1
My uncle left me a shifty little bar in his will. One of the regulars never stops crying.
[SHARING] Part 1
Came up with this in my head
When I was seven years old, my imaginary friends asked me for help. Ten years later, they’re back, and I’m terrified of them.
An AI Bot Ruined My Hometown
Sexhookup
Person keep climbing on my balcony.
Whats behind my painting
My families winter cabin had been abandoned 7 years ago and I never knew why. Part 2
Hide-n-Seek in the Dark
I brought justice to my murdered wife.
Need help with a demanding tenant
An old guy hired me to manage his life-sized dollhouse. Down with the Bull Men where nobody goes...
I’m looking after some properties for my sick uncle. One of the tenants sent me this email and I’m not sure how to handle it. Do you guys have any advice?
Repressing your feeling won't do you any good.
My daughter was kidnapped yesterday and hasn’t returned. I’m posting this in hopes of contacting her abductors.
Mimic
As a child psychologist, I've worked with some pretty exceptional patients. Maria was the first.
How to share the gospel with atheists
I used to believe the forest was empty, boy was I wrong...[Pt. 1]I can hear you (part 2)
CONSPIRACY / TRUTH MEGA COMPILATION by superdog11 (50gb of "handpicked" vidoes + some youtube channels)
Ass Hat
I used to investigate the Occult: This is why you don't bring back the dead.
In the span of 20 years, I died twice. [Part 8]
acid man
My life was ruined by a single comment...
Haunted Ruby
Whatever's in that bedroom, it isn't my mom.
My life was ruined by one single comment...
My friend's death was part of a experiment
Everything Must Go!
My little daughter writes dark and disturbing stories and it is very concerning to me.
021121 Thur Shampeachment Day 3
What do u think?
The Neighborhood...
I Investigate Disturbing Cases: Here Are My Stories - Watchers
I got out. And I'm never coming back.
STAY AWAY from the off-brand boner pills at the convenience store!
The True Story of Peter W. Sutcliffe, AKA The Yorkshire Ripper
weird stuff happening to me lol
Lanternhead
I think my mom kidnapped my dad and I’m too afraid to ask him
My lost phone
The apartment complex I live in has scary rules that the tenants must follow. Part 2
There's something inside of ocean storms
I've in Hell, and It Sucks
Don't Tempt Fate 3 - The Slippery Noose
The apartment complex I live in has scary rules that the tenants must follow. Part 2
My school just got put on lockdown. Unearthly monsters are hunting my 10th Grade class down. (Part Two)
I lived next to a forest of legend. The willow has . . . a voice.
My worst nightmare
"Le Son"
I should have listened. [2]
There's someone, no, someTHING in the trees
There's someone, no, someTHING in the trees
Six is not a Lucky Number
I’m a ‘Rock-Collector’. I hunt the nightmare boulders of the black beach. [Final]
I’m a ‘Rock-Collector’. I hunt the nightmare boulders of the black beach. [Final.]
Im stuck in lockdown by the city no one is allowed in and out...
My families winter cabin was been abandoned 7 years ago and I never knew why. Part 2
My families winter cabin was abandoned 7 years ago and I never knew why. Part 2
I study forbidden and 'cursed' media (Part 3): Kitchen Blitz
I was a lurker until I saw myself in r/lastimages.
Something insidious lived in my childhood town, and it wants me to come home
I snuck into an abandoned school, now my life has turned to hell
Last Year, I Stepped Into a Puddle and Fell Through
I'm bound to a mountain PT4
It blinked.
In Search Of The Putney, Georgia Phantom
In my hometown, cancer is a communicable disease, passed by evil deeds. STAGE 4 (Part 1)
My uncle left me a shifty little bar in his will. My bouncer and I got beaten up by a little girl.
Might Have a Wendigo. Just wanting pointers and such so I'm sharing my experience.
Armed men surrounded my house, but that is the least of my problems.
My boyfriend turned out to be a registered sex offender
TORMENTED Part-1
Mirrors...
The Shadow Stealers are really messing up the vibe of my night cleaning job.
The Case of Marshall Jacobs (Part Two)
My Cupid, the Soul-Stealing Monster (Part 2)
[Automated upload] [Incident Subject: Daniel Roberts]
My school just got put on lockdown. Something is hunting the students down, and it isn't from this world. (Part Two)
A message to Emma
Just when I thought life was good, this happens.
The end has come (first post)
My families winter cabin was abandoned 7 years ago and I never knew why.
TORMENT (part-1)
Maiden, Mother, Death
My Yandere "Friend" Stalks Me, but Doesn't Remember
The Screams From Below
I used to be in the army. Something killed my entire base
Lights Bellow Everfall #3
I washed up on a desolate island with no knowledge how I got there, but I’m now all but certain it wasn’t an accident
My daughter was kidnapped yesterday and hasn’t returned. I’m posting this in hopes of contacting her abductors.
I wish monsters would reveal themselves - Part 2
I Can Hear You
I found a hidden world under my house. The nightmare followed me home.
An incident on April Fools Day over 10 years ago still haunts my dreams to this day -Part 2 The Mysterious Cup
Grey City Tales: Sanitation 2
Earsplitting
I keep having this dream.
The boy in the fire pt.2
The Angel that Came
The Karung Guni Man
I'm an astronaut and I just got back from space.
Something just grabbed me
There is something watching me, under the rain.
Can Anyone Help Me With My Stalker Problem? This bitch is crazy.
We could build an entire new underground society using the abandoned subway tunnels under the United States.
We could build an entire new underground society using the abandoned subway tunnels under the United States.
Night School
92M Redacted
I walked into a forest that doesn't exist, and inside was a garden.
92M Mortuary Affairs Case File #1
My father disappeared while hunting in the Bulgarian mountains, i now know what caused it.
My New Apartment Took My Breath Away
The reason I don’t sleep
I used to work for Walgreens. Never again.
The apartment complex I live in has scary rules that the tenants must follow. Part 1
Did anybody else stop at a “Disney” Park in Georgia in 1980?A good bartender knows just what you need
Sometimes it's better to keep wondering...
I used to work for Walgreens. never again.
Mistakes
I Saw My Daughter's Doll Move Last Night
My school just got put on lockdown. The 'school shooter' isn't a person. (Part One)
My younger sister is going through a very disturbing phase
I work as a medical examiner. I just found a usb drive inside a body.
The Midnatical Influence 06-001
Dear Mister Insomnia, please let me sleep tonight.
I encountered something out in the snow now I’m afraid to go outside
A Cautionary Tale
I Think My Sister is Trying to Kill the President of Mexico
The Room
The one I left behind [Final]
The Room (Short Story)
July 25th
Family Business
I think I met a black-eyed kid
The Circus
I’m a ‘Rock-Collector’. I hunt the nightmare boulders of the black beach.
I should have listened. [1]
The pandemic has really been getting to me. I’ve been hearing a voice in the silence, and it wants to hurt me.
She'd been waiting for this day for a long time
Is my friend the next Jeffrey dahmer or is he just extremely morbidly curious?
They're too fast.
The Countdown
Don't Tempt Fate 2 - Inspector Jimmy
Elisa
I snuck into an abandoned school, now my life has turned to hell
Issue #323
There's a labyrinth under the art museum
I'm a security guard who took a one night job for $5000. Biggest mistake of my life.
The pandemic has really been getting to me. I’ve been hearing a voice in the silence, and I don’t know what it wants.
I heard it through my computer.
My first paranormal experience
I heard it through my computer.
My uncle left me a shifty little bar in his will. One of the regulars told me he had a doppelgänger.
My first (possible) paranormal experience
I'm in another world, all I see is an endless maze of bedrooms.
The Vampyre of Memory
create post
Dear Diary
License and Grey Matter Please
My mojo isn't for everyone
Police station ghost? Or my imagination?
Momma's Cheating on Tony Again
My Cupid, the Soul-Stealing Monster (Part 1)
All I wanted was an electric toothbrush, but I got myself involved with something much darker...
Other ways to fall sleep fast
Social pathogens
Horror Shcool Trip Experience
The stray cat saved me...
The Day of my horroor
I Was Alone Until I Wasn't
Light Below Everfall #2
Disappearance
WhatsApp Messages
Sometimes, silence is worse
$5 for your opinion! At what age did you get your first cell phone? Help us with our study! ( PayPal / Amazon Gift Card )
The Mannequin - a creepypasta I wrote for an Adult video I shot. I am a new writer and greatly appreciate your critique. I want to improve as this is my first story.
I spoke to a man from the future, what I learned terrifies me.
KAREN (PART 2)
I see the same man in my nightmares. Again and again. Does anyone recognise his face?
Radio Phantom and the sound of the cosmos
First Story and Post: “The Corner”
Never use the smiley emoji at 12:00 A.M
Cherry Bomb
Monk Hill - CreepyCollaborative
WhatsApp messages
The Cracked Faces (true story)
What could be up there?
The cracked faces (true story)
The chameleon took daddy
Rosewood Pt. 3, Trash Day
I had to Lose my Head to Find Control - Final
My uncle left me a shifty little bar in his will. The employees here sleep in the backroom.
As I stare into the screen, it stares back into me
I've read a really crappy horror story online and now I am afraid
Snakeskin
Whatever is in the bedroom, it isn't my mom.
The local roller rink has been corrupted by dance
ALL I WANT TO DO IS DIE
I Was Alone Until I Wasn't
Sleep paralysis story
True Art Comes From Deep Within
True Art Comes From Deep Within (a bit NSFW)
I Took A Job From A Strange Man In A Bar. I Really Regret It
The zippers on people's skin are becoming undone.
Sleep paralysis story
I now realize I wasn't prepared to pay the price to complete my Peppa Pig collection.
The truth about the edna collins bridge
Don't Tempt Fate 2 – Inspector Jimmy
Don’t Tempt Fate 1 - The Search
If you ever see a moving painting, please, just ignore it... (Update)
Sometimes there are little men
If you ever see a moving painting, please just ignore it... (Update)
Getting Shot at Walmart
If you hear the sound of a ringing phone coming from the basement, don't answer it.
The boy in the fire Pt.2The boy in the fire Pt.1
E
Post a Secret
My masterpiece
Let's play
I shot myself and survived. I think I'm going to try again.
I wanted everything, and now I have nothing
Like Deer in the Headlights: An Ode to Ms. Scarborough
The Crime Scene in my Bathroom
The chameleon took daddy
This is the first story I’ve ever tried to write, it’s not finished, just wanted to get maybe some feedback from people. Let me know.
Under the floor
The last note
The floor
First Night Terror
Does anyone have info on the Society of the Leviathan?
The Midnatical Influence 01-002
The Society of the Leviathan
The Ghost in the Bathtub is Killing my Town
I have an "eyelash" in my right eye that won't come out. Time to visit the shama... doctor, I mean. (Part 2)
An incident on April Fools Day over 10 years ago still haunts my dreams to this day.
Keep Looking
I work as a police officer, I just read the most terrifying report of my career
Stay Out, Stay Alive
As part of a strange medical study, I was offered $5,000 to be killed and revived in the hopes of discovering the afterlife. What I experienced will haunt me for the rest of my years.
I think my friend’s neighbor has a demon stalking them
I fell into a river. I was visiting Lego city.
In 2016 the teenagers in my town started exploding. But we didn’t die. We became something else.
I'm The Closest thing to a Sheriff in Alaska, I got a report of a Missing person.
A Miserable Mystery of The Great War
Why are you here?
The Time I Dreamed of My Grandmother's Death
I found a note in the Paris catacombs. Here is what it said
Lights below Everfall #2
I'm sleeping on my late ex-wife's sofa, and I don't know what to do
Lights under Everfall
I write for my school paper. I have a hot scoop on a dirty secret at the bathhouse.
An old guy hired me to manage his life-sized dollhouse. Out of darkness, light.
NEW HORROR NARRATION
It’s coin-operated.
I don’t trust my orange juice.
I saw my dad again
short story
My Family’s Hot Dogs with Pot business
I lived next to a forest of legend. The temple’s nice, but the walk to it sure wasn’t.
I played the elevator game without consent
My husband went missing three months ago, but something still occupies his side of the bed
My Father, The Writer
I've called my dead grandfather's number
My father, the writer
I've called my dead grandfather's number
My father, the writer
How i kill myself?????
The one I left behind [Part 2]
Did anyone else see the lights? ...The lights in the sky behind the storm?
Please Don't
There's something wrong with my little brother...
Fruits and Vegetables
My city was cut off from everybody and I think I’m the last to live.
The house I inherited has no doors, yet I can still hear them open and close. It will be the end of me.
True story of the cracked faces.
A Miserable Mystery Of The Great War
A Miserable Mystery of The Great War
Even as an adult, I still have nightmares about E.T.
I'm bound to a mountain PT2
Nosh, the Shadow Stealer mirror game
The Buzzing In My Head Won't Stop
A Miserable Mystery of The Great War
Sartre was wrong.
I had to Lose my Head to Find my Life
The Tale Of Don Moretti: Terror On The Coast (1)
Doorways
A few strange experiences I still cannot explain
How to Survive Camping - old habits die hard
I've always had an irrational fear of water. Now I have a job I never wanted.
If you find The Crimson Carnival - Keep your bloody nickel and go back home.
something strange happened in the trip
I was offered $5,000 to participate in a medical study in which subjects are killed and revived to report findings of an afterlife. What I experienced will stay with me for the rest of my years.
BIG CHUNGSUS
THE CHUNGUS MONSTER!
The Chungus Monster 😳
The Big Chungus
😨
Monster Mercenary: 300th Mission
The title is: Video Games are Stupid and People Who Play Them Are Dumb
High Beams...?
I'm a hunter in Maryland and I found some deeply disturbing things.
Ever since moving into my stepfather’s new house, he’s always made it clear of one rule: Never go inside the basement. The students he's keeping captive have glowing eyes.
I think my dead grandpa sent me a sign.
Creepy uncle
my best friend killed his family, I haven't seen him since
I think there’s something wrong with the woods in my town.
The Yellow Eyed Creature In My Closet (short read)
I now have entomophobia.
Dear William
I got hired in Hell. Today was my first day on the job. (PART 2)
Some stories from a bunch of stupid ghost hunters
Elisa Lam case. My take.
Viewing my alternate reality self through my alternate selves eyes.
Viewing my alternate self through their/my eyesThe only child
This is long-winded, weird, and I've avoided the memory until now.
I Really F*cking Wish it Would Snow
FUCK YOU MODERATORS
I work as a call operator for a private company, we have a list of rules to follow. Part 1
The Whispering Wood
My Daughter Keeps Looking At Something I Can’t See
I should of pulled out
Death of a love one.
The Golden Child and the Scape Goat
No wifi
No Wifi (Short Story)
No Wifi (short story)
No Wifi
My Daughter Longed to Be a Disney Princess
Charter School Survival Guide – Avoid the Lights in the Forest
I’m not sure my birthmark is a birthmark at all
I tried hypnosis to stop smoking
NEVER GO INTO STRANGE CABINS AT NIGHT (PART ONE)
Pillowcase Tunnel
The Disappearance of Ida Harding Final
Pls help I don’t know what to do.
you appear to be scared watch this
Sometimes Old Ladies See Dead People - Part 3
The Wicker Saga: Song of Joy, Part 17
Years Ago My Grandfather Fought the Devil. Now I Think He's Come Back For Revenge
Betrayal
I went aboard a ship that had been destroyed years ago
"Why do they scream?"
I ignored the warnings about the stairs in the wood (part 3)
Never eat yellow snow...
I think I was Almost Abducted as a Child...
Something Talks To Me Behind The Wall At Night
I Found a Strange AI on the Dark Web. I Regret Ever Talking to It.
Summer's ghost
Never accept art commissions past 12 am if you want to remain on this world
How to Survive in a Horror Movie
How to Survive in a Horror Movie
Come to level fun =)
Notice to Residents of Cozy Shores Regarding the tune "Baby Shark":
Type in "It's so fucking funny" on youtube
what did he saw
what was in my closet?
children book cover design for amazon
Something is wrong with the birds and whatever it is can't be good
Maybe I do hear that?
None of you are real, and here's how I know. [PART 1]
The dream I had at night made my blood run cold
What happens in the outhouse, stays in the outhouse
How my little brother became a shadow (Part 3)
Mad Maggie's Marble Menagerie
He has captured me and I need help part 2
I fought the King of the Sewer People
The statues can walk here.
No Sleep App
Don't Shoot, It's Me!
I was a janitor at the CDC in Atlanta. They are concealing something very dangerous.
My husband just bought a new game, and it’s ruining our lives.
Every time the ball drops, 2021 starts over again. And I’m the only one who remembers.
Oh my gawd I saw a sk*n person in Kentucky
The day I missed the school bus
I don't think my girlfriend is...something is wrong with her. I have to stop her before it's too late.
I am convinced there is a ghost living in my house.
I took home an abandoned bag from the Soviet housing projects. I will never feel safe again.
The Boy in the Tunnel
lets get this paper
Hunters
Hidden Places
It creaks in the dark.
I work on a fishing trawler in the North Atlantic. We reeled something aboard in the net that I’ve never seen before on this Earth. [FINAL]
I study forbidden and 'cursed' media (Part 1): Money for Nothing
New post lol
I got hired in Hell. Today was my first day on the job. (PART 2)
He has captured me and I need help-Part 2
I’ll NEVER order from Amazon again
Hi reddit it’s me the superstar Danika! (You’re gonna love me!)
He has captured me and I need help-Part2
Simulation of the Human Body - Dr. Wintz Journal Entry #1 (1)
The Cult
The Witch and the Cave (Part 2)
WHAT A STRANGE PLACE, THE COUNTRYSIDE (PART ONE)
It Followed Me Home
I bought half of a best friends necklace
WHAT A STRANGE PLACE, THE COUNTRYSIDE *PART ONE*
I’ve been faking being a spiritual medium for years, but now I can see beyond the veil - AND I FUCKING HATE IT
WHAT A STANGE PLACE, THE COUNTRYSIDE
He has captured me and I need help..!
Yesterday I woke up to find my friend impaled on the top of an 80-foot tree. Now I can’t shake the feeling that I’m somehow next.
The Hoarder House on Sycamore Lane
You can't lie to me
It's always fun showing new admits the ropes.
The Disappearance of Ida Harding Part 2
The Name of Joseph Keller. The Boy that Walked Off The World's Edge
Where the Caterpillars Die (Part 2)
We have a monster in my village killing people
My local supermarket had a hidden underground level with only one exit (Part 1)
I found a diary about an earthquake that never occurred
You've been discovered
Valentine’s Day Gift Guide (Personalized)
Every Human Being has a Doppelganger: A Visit from mine Changed my LifeI found out my boss was hiding an angel at work. We decided to use it for personal gain.
THIS WILL CHANGE EVERYTHING YOU KNOW ABOUT GUN RIGHTS holy shit
Witch at the crosswalk
The Apartment
The Witch and the Cave (Part 2)
Sleep demon???
I saw my DEAD best friend in the woods
These incidents occurred in the Rocky Mountains...
Nowhere is a place you can be.
Comic book guy beaten in a Deep Web video.
The thing in my backyard.
My caffeine relapse might be what breaks me
There Might be Something Wrong with My Date from Last Night (Part 2)
The knocking on a rainy night
Knocking on a rainy night
Have you ever felt like there was something behind you?
How to Survive Camping - what does this campground have against my four-wheelers
The World Ended In 2019, You Just Don't Remember.
“A fortune in fabulous prizes may go to these people today....
-... . . / -- --- ...- .. . / ... -.-. .-. .. .--. -
My wife doesn't speak to me anymore.
I did it, I sucked my own penis.
I did it, I sucked my own penis.
Never Play The Cemetery Game
My wife doesn't speak to me anymore
The Truth is Eating Me Alive
I think my uber driver was apart of a cult.
If you visit The Crimson Carnival - Don't go inside The Fun House!
My Pet cat died today
Emily, Again
We all have our demons.
The pandemic has really been getting to me. I think I’m hearing things—or, really, just one thing. I don’t know what is real anymore.
Don’t assume your an anonymous author on Reddit
Dangerous Beans
Creepy Hospital Phone Call
Creepy Hospital Phone Call
I tried to catch a taxi home, but that's not where the driver took me (PART 2)
Exit 24
Round Back
I moved to my grandmother's house and something scratches on my window at night
I think my Uber was apart of a cult.
Engine 3191 Chugs Along on Tracks That Don't Exist on A Line Abandoned Long Ago
Happy Groundhog Day Lake Station Louie!
The shadow creatures are back
I was kidnapped by someone who wanted to help me.
I created a list of supernatural rules, now I have doomed us all.
I traveled to my grandparents' town, what I saw made me never return
How to get hired in Hell
That thing my dad brought home isn't my mother.
I study forbidden and 'cursed' media [Part 1]: Money for Nothing
She had a good son.
2 Bodies, Same person
I think I found a portal to another dimension?
I keep thinking about opening the emergency exit on this plane
We Kept Getting Strange Bouquets, Until That One Night.
Don't ignore the creaking floorboards in the attic
I tried past-life regression and have been having dreams every night.
Nightmare
The Witch and the Cave (Part 1)
My Grandfather passed away recently. I think he has left me something unearthly, something maddening. I think someone is in my home.
A Demon's Vessel?!
How my little brother became a shadow (Part 2)
Round Back
the air the chokes us
The Sounds From The Shed
The Disappearance of Ida Harding Part 1
Have You Heard of the Tell-Tale Heart Game?
My town is a little strange (part 10)
My local supermarket had a hidden underground level with only one exit
2 boddies,same person
Soooo... I accidentally started a cult 😬
I hate clowns
THE THING IN THE FOREST
THE THING IN THE WOODS
The fastest way to die.
My birth mom reached out to me, and asked me to join the family business
A Dream I Had The Other Night...
Rate my store?
The dream I had the other night...
CURIOSITY
The Witch and the Cave. The terrifying life story of the very real Jewels Sharon. (Part 1)
The figure
The Screaming Woman - Part 2
If you see a new cryptocurrency called FALL get listed on your exchange, don't buy it
Simulation of the Human Body: Dr. Wintz Journal Entry #1 (1)
Simon Says
The Queen of the Inner Suburbs
In the span of 20 years, I died twice. [Part 7]
I think my town's grocery store has been.... stealing people. Final.
HElp Wifi bad
Crypto Tab
My brother died two weeks ago. He left something terrifying in his room.
Where the Caterpillars Die (Part 2)
Where the Caterpillars Die (Part 1)
There are things out there that make ordinary concepts of evil look laughable by comparison...
Time is running and it might be too late
Time is running and it might be too late.
Time will tell and it might be too late.
Why did the garbagemen start coming in the dead of night?
Psychosis JournalismI think I have a cult or cartel in the back shrubland of my ranch in south texas
The monster from hell?
This is Important. (Part two)
That monster has been following me for years
The monster from hell
THE monster (Part1)
The Dream
Have you ever heard of a TV show called 'IF YOU'RE HAPPY &amp; YOU KNOW IT'?
My Wish
Legends
Rosewood, Pt. 2 The Invitation
The Mare
Hunted by Shadows
i thought it was a normal day at my job i was wrong
at first a thought it was a normal day at my job i was so wrong.
i thought it was a normal day but i was so wrong.
Read a really creepy fanfiction
Burned Alive or Buried Alive... If You Had to, Which Would You Choose?
Last to the East
Something about the person who lives above me, isn't right.
The Piney Woods Witch
Truck stop killer
Hell
I work at a Patent Office that can't be acknowledged aloud. Let me tell you about my day.
Mister Adrian's Falcon used to terrorize the neighbors, especially my grandparents
You might not want to search the internet at night anymore..
You were never born and are already dead.
I used to live in a haunted house as a kid. I think they followed me..
Oi am so tired, and de baby won't stop croiyin'
osjhkdj
I tried to catch a taxi home, but that's not where the driver took me.
"Friendship Bracelet"
I've always felt like I don't know where I belong or what is my true passion. For those who find themselves in this, check out the video below. It helped me so much to find my purpose. Definitely recommend!
free 2 months kindle trail with amazon just started.
Ever Since My Brain Injury, I'm Seeing Things That Nobody Else Can See.
“The Girl” in my car
I got turned into an NPC in my favorite video game. (Part 1)
The Cult of Forgotten Friends
The Phantom
I went on the dark web and found something that I will always regret
The Phantom (Hopefully, this is the finalized version. I fixed a lot of the plot issues, and tried to make it a more complete story. You're welcome :))
The figure
I'm not sure if my milkshake took off, but that was reality, man
I'm not sure if my milkshake took off, but that was reality, man
On My Bed Is The Dragon F'real Though
The Isolation
Please Kill Me
I recorded what I said in my sleep
Home alone one night and a huge bang on my front door
How my little brother became a shadow
My mother was a heartless monster, but sometimes that’s OK
Unidentified Pathogen
Do you remember the Nanny Cam?
Marked
NRS-046 decomp incident
The boy in the fire
Silent Clown
800 CHAPTER 1 The Arrival "ORIGINAL WRITER"
Mysteries around the globe: Episode 1 transcript
P.S You’re dead
The man.
This fanfiction is really creepy
My first story
If you see a cleaning man on the streets after midnight, you might actually survive
True story.
My best friend was a bird.
Imposter
800 Chapter 1 The Arrival
This is a story about a rehab center...
He’s here.
nosleep post
Desperate Times for updates
Desperate Times call for an Update
MOANING MYRTLE?
Accounts from an Emergency Medical Technician
There Might be Something Wrong with My Date from Last Night
My Generic Grade school Bully Became A Malicious Spirit
Desperate Times call for an Update
I think my town's grocery store has been.... stealing people. Part 3.
My father is dead, but something in his basement is very much alive.
33F4F (or M as F) Taking My Straight Married Friend/Coworker
Don't ever use a sleep talking app if you have sleep paralysis
Dawn of The Tsunami
I had a bad headache.... now EVERYTHING is flipped.
The way the I learned the truth of the universe at a very very young age.
Dawn of The Tsunami
The Phantom
I had a bad headache.... now EVERYTHING is flipped [1/2]
Dawn of The Tsunami
Grey City Tales: Sanitation
Stairway to hell
Looking for older post about home intruder
We are the people who live in the water.
One mans trash
The screams i hear are not Normal....
Regulars at Work
The Phantom
Our daughter's sleepover was more eventful than we anticipated.
Mamenchisaurus
I got hired to write rules for strange jobs, now my job has its own set of strange rules [FINALE]There’s Something Living Inside My Optometrist’s Equipment
Chronicles of My Wretched Acts- Chapter 1 "Tom"
The Piney Woods Witch
One suspect, video evidence, but we can't pin it on him
Real Space Battle
My city has been cut off from the world and overrun with monsters. I have a set of rules to stay alive. Waffles just saved my life. If that sounds crazy, well, buckle up, because it's even crazier than it sounds
WHERE I'M?
I am a sex worker. [Final]
WHERE I'M?
WHERE I'M?
Eldritch horrors are worse than imaginable...
I can't move.
Psychosis
The Self-Portrait of Rancorous Ruck
Seven seconds.
The Self-Portrait Of Racorous Ruck
Seven seconds.
My military dad had us posted on some nondescript, classified island... and now I don’t think we’re alone.
The lady in white.
You know that feeling, you're in the deepest depths of Reddit for hours watching tons of creepy videos and stories and you just can't sleep anymore?
The Past in the Cereal Aisle
A Friendly Midnight Meeting
3506 Elm Street Series meet George. True Story
The Summertime Visitor Part 1
I'm an urban explorer, this time I got more than I bargained for.
I'm an ex urban explorer, this time I got more than I bargained for,
I'm an (ex) urban explorer, this time I found more than I bargained for.
Never leave a chair empty at night. You don't know who might take a seat
The Summertime Visitor
A normal day at school
I investigate the link between monsters and missing people. Good friends aren’t always good people.
Desperate Times - Maybe i'm just losing my mind
Dear diary, I’m trapped and I’m naked....
The Summertime Visitor Part 1
There are goryholes in my room.
I think I found a portal to another dimension...
[True story] The Nightmare?
** Trigger warning for Abuse Victims or anyone with uncontrollable movements **
As a little girl I met a friend, and sometimes forever means just that.
What to do first
If I sleep, I die.
The stories of Eldritch horrors could not be more inaccurate and laughably unrealistic.
My Android phone doesn’t connect to wifi
This is important.
the killers of night(sorry for the bad spelling i just turned 13)
Awake
December 2020 Winners!
I lived in a complex that kept strange beings away from society. Now I'm finally free. (Part 5)
My best friend was a bird.
I found a portal to another dimension?
Keep Your Windows Shut
Black Ibis
The Clapping Man cometh
The Clapping Man Cometh
My Local Late Night News Station Wasn't Normal
Desperate Times call for Weird Jobs
I've escaped zozo more than once
I teach the trees to talk.
I am a Therapist for the Supernatural - Clay of the Divine
Night Terrors
an EAS alert is telling us not to listen to the wind...
I bought a geiger counter at an old swap meet.
I created a friend in my mind and they ended up in my reality...
Caribbean Lore: Bazil
The Self-Portrait of Rancorous Ruck
I think my town's grocery store has been.... stealing people. Part two
My encounter with the Man Peeler, and why I'll never rent a physical copy of a movie again.
The Phantom
Beneath Borneo
I had a demonic encounter when I was 16
I had a demonic encounter when I was 16
The Burden: Cabinview
WHAAAAAAAT
Don't Go to Alabama Hills
I can't sleep
I had a demonic encounter when I was 16
my job is to set disaster in motion
my job is to set disaster in motion
Kids keep going missing in my town
All Our Hearts (part two)
The Figure Ahead
A black corridor
All I remember, is that it was wearing overalls. (Part 1)
The Screaming Woman
I think my town's grocery store has been.... stealing people PT2
All the interesting games you play.
Ear Worm—and I need help before I do something bad
My New House is Scary
The Haunting
Trading stock ruined my life
Cursed Tapes and How to Avoid Them Part 7: Further Void Layer Exploration Funding
What happens to all the calls we miss?
Wolfman
Mama Wolf
A Documentation of the Weird Events in my Corner Store (Pt. 3)
The last time I travelled cross country
I work as a Janitor at a Catholic School Pt. 3
The last time I travelled cross country
The last time I travelled cross country
Someone keeps visiting my home late at night. It never stops.I keep finding the same dead dog everywhere I go...it gets worse.
SCARY AS HELL
As a little girl I met a friend, and sometimes forever means just that.
I had to bring a corpse from another dimension back to life. Killing it again was the hard part.
How my little brother became a shadow
NightBuds - smart earbuds for better sleep and relaxation
The Nothing of Silence
Don’t pass out in a Casino bathroom
Lights?
I work as a teacher for a private boarding school for gifted individuals, they gave me 27 rules to ensure my “safety” (Part3)
My experiences living on Earth after you die.
I can't sleep
The Creepiest Deep Sea Diver and Fishermen Stories
i found a weird set of rules in a nature reserve and now im in a psychiatric unit
A Demon Held My Classmates And I Hostage Until She Granted Our Wishes
Thrift store reviews: Get yourself one of these blankets!
Simulation of the Human Body: Dr. Wintz C.C. Jornal Entry #1 - April 26 (1)
Mortem Tarram : A Warning
Cherish Every Moment
Mortem Tarram : A Warning
Cherish Every Moment
I'm a Wedding Photographer.. and My Last Three Clients have said there's something odd in their photos.....
I live in a complex that keeps strange beings away from society. I was captured and the warden's daughter visited me. (Part 4)
Seven Footsteps in the Night
The Butcher of Havnok
I’ve witnessed several murders, yet no one believes me.
Its 1990 April 12nd
Its 1990 April 12nd
42 Morley Gardens: Anecdotes of Supernatural Calamity (PART 2)
A good bartender knows just what you need
I work as a teacher for a private boarding school for gifted individuals, they gave me 27 rules to ensure my “safety” (Part2)
Canaan, the Devil's experiment: Rafael's challenge
May The Second
I investigate the link between monsters and missing people. The trees are a death trap.
My cum glove tried to kill me!
I'm just a low-level drug mule, but I'm begging you: Do not try the Special Sauce.
My cum glove tried to kill me
My job is to set disaster in motion
My town is a little strange (part 9)
New Job
Shadow Man. Silhouette with a Hat.
Don't Explore Abandoned Houses, You Might Not Make It Back Out
Sam The Snowman
Sam The Snowman
Sam The Snowman
I stumbled upon a town that's stuck in the 1940s. The monster zoo is a sight to behold.
Twelve years ago, I saw something in the Arizona desert
The Viewed Room
Haunted after Urban Exploration - 1/10
Blink
Blink
Nosleep
Creepy ideas 😅
New V3 Domain Address
I was mistakenly put into a college night class, and I wish I never went. There is something wrong with the students.
I wasnt his fault
I think my town's grocery store has been.... stealing people.
Lockdown
A teenage boys ultimate fantasy or a grooming near miss?
i opened a dybbuk box when I was 8 and I really shouldn't have opened it
Simulation of the Human Body: Dr. Wintz C.C. Jornal Entry #1 - April 26 (1)
What is Wrong with Everyone? Corpses Aren't Hot
I found a journal at a flea market in North Carolina. If you find a roadside bar in Appalachia at night, don't stop driving
I Saw Something Outside The Airplane Window
Stay away from the suburbs in Michigan (Part 14)
I got hired to write rules for strange jobs, now my job has its own set of strange rules [Part 2]
Where is my mommy?
The real reason my husband shot himself.
All Our Hearts (part two)
The Monster of Nobel Coffee and Tea
All Our Hearts (part one)
The Monsters In Your Closet Are Hiding Too.
I won't be eaten. Not now, not ever.
The monsters in your closet are hiding too.
I can't wake up.
A Sapphire as Blue as the Sky
Every Man Digs His Own Grave
Don Moretti is NOT a Cryptid Hunter
Ever since moving into my stepfather’s new house, he’s always made it clear of one rule: Never go inside the basement. The kids he's keeping captive have glowing eyes.
My dad has been secretly going out to the woods at night. This time, he didn't return.
I work as a teacher for a private boarding school for gifted individuals, they gave me 27 rules to ensure my “safety” Part 1 and 2
I work as a teacher for a private boarding school for gifted individuals, they gave me 27 rules to ensure my “safety” (Part 1-2)
I work as a teacher for a private boarding school for gifted individuals, they gave me 27 rules to ensure my “safety” (Part 1 and part 2)
I was mistakenly put into a college night class and I wish I never went. There is something wrong with the students.
I run a Safe Haven for monsters. Sometimes I really hate this job
FUCKED UP SHIT
what is in my house ??
I keep getting invited to this church called The Enlightened. They won't leave me alone.
I work at a hospital. These are some of the scariest cases I've tackled.
I ate something called "abyss chips." One bag is enough to last you for the rest of your life.
Trying to figure out what this is
Where are you Trish?
I have always had an irrational fear of water--Part 2. I don't think I'm entirely safe.
Last year, I killed a guilty person. The rage won’t stop, and you could be next if you deserve it.
The Night I Spent With The Devil
TRUE STORY, MY PRIMARY SCHOOL TEACHER SECRETLY RECORDED US CHILDREN WITH PEN CAMERA IN CHANGE ROOMS... and he’s walking free in protective custody.
TRUE STORY, my primary school teacher found with child pornography of us students, and he’s walking free.
My primary school grade 6 teacher (COLIN LYONS) was found to be pedophile... and he got away with it all.
Two years ago my friends where taken by the Fae, now I’m coming for my revenge: The king of Hell.
There's Something Wrong With My Daughter's DollTicking
Ticking
Pay attention to your sins, and never reach seven
The mysterious job that came with a heavy price
Three Knocks.
My grandfather witnessed a shapeshifter
My job is to set disaster in motion
A week ago, my girlfriend went missing under mysterious circumstances. I'm beginning to think it might have something to do with the strange noises coming from the woods at night.
Rate my store?
I find myself returning to the forest from my childhood in my dreams. It’s changed.
Solitary Pocket Shelba
A time for lies - Chapter One
The Size of a God
I live in a complex that keeps strange beings away from society. My friend has a plan to escape what's coming. (Part 3)
I work as a teacher for a private boarding school for gifted individuals, they gave me 27 rules to ensure my “safety” (Part1)
How to Survive Camping - don't follow the gummy bears either
My Daughter Digs Holes
These dreams we are having
Don't get on the 2:03 AM bus on Cardiff road.....
Octopus Hunting
Star Spangled Banner
If you find The Crimson Carnival, don't stay past sunrise.
Cant sleep but im tired
What the hell happened
insomnia
insomnia
Insomnia (need help)
They will touch you with your worst fear.
I've always had an irrational fear of water. Now, I don't think it's so irrational. Part 2
Star Spangled Banner
I work at a hospital. These are some of the weirdest cases I've tackled.
My Little Piece Of Heaven
Looking for a certain story? please help
I have been snowed in at a cabin in Northern Maine. There is something out there in the storm.
My name is Mason Bridge and I’m an intergalactic divorce lawyer. I screwed up, and now I’m being chased throughout the multiverse.
I finally found a legit Djinn of the Lamp
FEED HIM
whats going on in my house ?
When I Wake Up, I See Green Eyes Staring At Me. They've Been Getting Closer Over The Years
im not sure whats in my house ??
My smart assistant tried to kill me. You have to hear this before it finds the next person. Next time, it might finish the job.
Obslirqflk
Dog and Bone
The Library Part 1 - The Entrance
We saw a strange 'city' where it shouldn't exist.
The Entity
Obslirqflk
My uncle holds a dark past in the occult
My uncle holds a dark past in the occult
A genie appeared before me, giving me a warning. I killed it, now we’re all screwed(part 1)
I'm a Paranormal Investigator for the U.S. Government. My agency is getting annoyed. Part two: Blood Trees
We are snowed in at a cabin in the North Maine Woods. Something is outside in the snow.
My Grandmother Labeled Everything She Owned
Mr.Creeper
Ever since moving into my stepfather’s new house, he’s always made it clear of one rule: Never go inside the basement. The kids he's keeping captive have glowing eyes.
I’m the strongest man in the world, and I’m not afraid of anything
Stuck in my dream
Don Moretti is NOT a Cryptid Hunter
Stuck in my dream
Stuck in my dream
We are Safe in the Trees (Part 1)
We are Safe in the Trees (1/?)
I don't really know what's going on
My dad discovered immortality.
I run a Safe Haven for monsters. There’s a lot of history here.
The Tote Bins
I can’t sleep at night. I thought it would help.
My Beast
Thrift store reviews: Get yourself one of these blankets!
I'm being hunted on a train to nowhere (Part 1)
This is not your Typical 5 Drunk teenagers in a slasher Movie stuck in the woods Cliche (PT.1)
The Hand...
My town was wiped off the map, and you need to know why. (Part Three)
My town was wiped off the map, and you need to know why. (Final Part)
Had me a Minute
My "Dad" and I live in a really weird hospital. That man is not my father.
The rules of my new apartment were a bit weird
A customer is creeping me out. I'm a door-to-door knife salesman.
My town was wiped off the map, and you need to know why. (Final Part)
I really love my House
Hello World
My childhood memories part 2: The house of God.
Things are getting weird
Childhood memories part 2: The house of God
He Feeds
The Cabin Killer
Weird image.
I live in a complex that keeps strange beings hidden from society. I might not live much longer. (Part 2)
The Forest to Nowhere
The Forest Challenge
Childhood memories part 2: The home of god.
I live in a complex that keeps strange beings away from society. I might not live much longer. (Part 2)
I have always had an irrational fear of water. Now, I don't think it's so irrational (p2)
Our Daughter Went Missing 15 Years Ago...
Introduction: Insomnia
Our Daughter Went Missing 15 Years Ago
Just Let Me Sleep
It Feeds
True story
It FeedsI work at a private museum for the rich and famous. The guests are trying to kill me.
BITO/ASIE
Don’t look at the mirror
I need help finding my favorite NoSleep story of all time. Please help.
A cryptid hunter visited my village to kill the long-legged beast of the Magura Forest. I am lucky I walked away alive. (FINALE)
Thirsty
Stories from the cursed excavation site
whatchadoin
Ever since moving into my stepfather’s new house, he’s always made it clear of one rule: Never go inside the basement.
I was trapped in the Tiger Pit.
Have you any fear?
this is my first time writting a story ever so please go easy on me
Horror stories with instructions
This is not your Typical 5 Drunk teenagers in a slasher Movie stuck in the woods Cliche( PT.1)
I investigate the link between monsters and missing people. Sirens don’t take kindly to visitors.
At the request of my parents, I visited my dying grandfather one last time. I wish I had let the old man rot instead.
The house I inherited has no doors, yet I can still hear them open and close.
A cryptid hunter visited my village to kill the long-legged beast of the Magura Forest. I am lucky I walked away alive. (FINALE)
I worked at an abnormal sleep lab in college. These are my notes. Part: Subject C-2
I Think I Broke It
There's a Vtuber on the Dark Web
Consequence of sleep deprived
Sometimes Old Ladies See Dead People - Part 2
The Blue Man lore part 1
Our Time is Limited...
My mom is getting very close to me in an unusual way
The Course Of Religion
I have new neighbors upstairs
the blooded hiker
Don Moretti's One Man Shit Show
In the Dirt
In the Dirt
The End Of All Things - Chapter 3: As Above, So Below
There is something very wrong with my stepfather, and the so-called “inventions” in his basement.
I run a Safe Haven for monsters. It was a family business.
The Curse of the Pink Skull. (Captain D'laney's Fate.)
My Colleague and I Were Sent To Explore The Mariana Trench
Psychopath's Apocalypse: Chapter 1
The Girl in the Wall
I run a Safe Haven for monsters. Some guests never get to check out.
PSA: Always lock your car doors, I learned the hard way.
What the Aliens did to my Mother
I’m writing this as quickly as I can. He’s going to put me in the trunk again soon.
"Pritcher farm- Incident 2-A- 1897"
My Dad and I live in a really weird hospital. My body doesn't look normal on the inside.
NoSeep - A Terrifying Museum Story You Shouldn't Listen Alone, Part 1
There’s this new brand of noodles called CreepyPasta and it’s not good for you.
If you find a lone coffin late at night on the London Underground, please don't touch it. It could save your life.
Trying to be a youtube survivalist
I've always had an irrational fear of water, but now I don't think it's so irrational (p2)
Two years ago my friends where taken by the fae of White Hills. Now, I’m coming for my revenge.
It Begged Me To Let It In
my neighbour
sleepless nights
I outplayed a scammer and now they want to kill me
not alone anymore
Monster Mercenary: Origins
alice eyes
Drowning
alice eyes
How me and my friend almost died during a break-in while home alone
I Took a Trip to South Africa, I Almost Died
There is something in my room at night.
I Took a Train Ride to Hell
I help out at a local food bank, and on Wednesday we had the weirdest donation
My Diary Entries From the Past few Months
Log and Report
My childhood best friend went missing 10 years ago, and strange things are starting to happen... (1)
Siren's
Amelia's Eats
Can I share your stories?
One week ago I started narrating horror stories on YouTube. I wish I had never started. The stories I narrate are coming to life and they're growing stronger... I can't stop... I need HELP! PLEASE? (PART 1)
I Killed a Man to Escape a Snowstorm
I can't sleep. I can, but I shouldn't.
I had my second instance of sleep paralisis. I need answers.
I Think I Created a Paradox?
A fate sealed by a nostalgic Minecraft song.
I had my second instince of Sleep Paralisis. I need some answers.
I collect blessed objects
I've always had an irrational fear of water. Now, I don't think it's so irrational.
Canaan, the Devil's experiment
Final Update on a New Species of Arachnid
The rules I created for my company should never be broken and exists for a reason, to protect my employees and the world.
Scary experience as teens when forgotten...
I downloaded the Commune app, and now I’m leading a new life. [FINALE]
My friend asked me to watch over his house one night. What happened after is truly horrifying...
I Was Gifted Supernatural Powers By Ancient Gods, Now Other Beings Are Being Sent To Hunt Me Down
Everything I knew about the world drastically changed in one day.
My town is a little strange (part 8)
The details - Part 1
Steven
I moved into a new house and I my dog and two cats were trying to warn me.
I remember it like it was yesterday...
No voltees
What Stared Back
fish
Threads and Threnody
The Tale of Don Moretti (1)
Challenge: Don't Die
Dr. Fugazi will change your life! Pt.1Daddy Issues
My first time meeting Dr. Fugazi Pt. 1
Dr. Fugazi will change your life! Pt 1
Resting Johnny Bairstow is harmful - Nasir Hussain
I run a Safe Haven for monsters. The holidays were hell.
Dr. Fugazi will change your life. Pt 1
I Made A Deal With An Old Man In A Food Court Bathroom (Pt. 16)
The Cadacus [Part 2]
The Cadacus [Part 2]
Something Weird Happened Today (Part 2)
Something Weird Happened Today (Part 1)
Something is seriously wrong with my ex
My Dad and I live in a really weird hospital. I'm not even sick.
Something Weird Happened Today
The Game
Not a horror story, but a story of horror.
A True Story from my uncles and my dad, short but true
Tag
I got hired to write rules for strange jobs, now my job has its own set of strange rules [Part 1]
My town was wiped off the map, and you need to know why. (Part 1)
Don’t Ski On Walker Mountain
Don't go into the fog
Don't go into the fog
Cataract!
AUTOMATIC TRANSCRIPTION #6583720383
The Mangled Spirits
I don’t dream, I swear it wasn’t a dream
I am a Therapist to the Supernatural - Mother of Hell
Jingles My First Self Written Horror Story
Help me. I am being held hostage by a group called Mangled Spirits
If You Encounter an Odd Black Egg in your Garden, Do Not, I Repeat, DO NOT TOUCH IT.
Help me. I am being held hostage by a group called Mangled Spirits
Jingles
Don't Pirate Games Or Else...
Waking Up Dead
My new alarm clock is not normal
The owners of the resort I'm staying at have coins for eyes - FINAL
My new alarm clock might not be normal
Don’t Ski On Walker Mountain
The izanuga shadow-fumetsu Demon
Break In
Stay away from the suburbs in Michigan (Part 13)
A Documentation of the Weird Events in my Corner Store (Pt. 2)
I found something distubring in my basement
Every morning a black cat visits my garden
Trust me, you don't want a milky mommy girlfriend.
I found something disturbing in my basement. (Part 1/2)
the little boy at the door
New Years Fear
update . this house is fucked
update , this house is fucked.
The Note
I Keep Finding Human Teeth in my Apartment, I Found Out Who's Leaving Them
I bought one half of a best friends necklace
The Devil Bird of Willow Canyon
Tree House
“In case I should die, burn this journal. The contents within are to remain unknown.”
I used to be a lifeguard at an indoor swimming pool, until something horrifying happened on my morning shift.
WHISTLING FIR
I can remove horrific memories, but one of them refuses to die.
Dreams about death
Victim of Angels
A Night Around the Campfire
My Experience at Skinwalker Cabin. Part 2.
My city has been cutoff from the world and overrun with monsters. I have a set of rules to stay alive. HOLY SHIT &amp; A MR. BAILEY EXTRAVAGANZA...oh, and also Rule #10 I guess
The saying goes that real monsters don't live beneath the bed. They live next door.
I am become snow (Part 1)
The Limbless Mannequins
I Think I Accidently Started a Cult Part 1
Contact established
Nightmares.exe
I took a babysitting job and deeply regret it. These kids are dangerous, but I have to protect them.
Someone is writing down what I say
Jingles My First Self Written Horror Story
this scarred me for life
Jingles (My First Self Written Horror Story)
I woke up in a snow globe 15 days ago, I can't live like this anymore.
I'm stuck inside a snow globe and there's a mysterious smell coming from the only building.
I was born without parents
I work on a fishing trawler in the North Atlantic. We reeled something aboard in the net that I’ve never seen before on this Earth. [Part 2]
delbert grady experience
everything looks at me
(part 1) I always wanted to be a superhero but I think I know what will happen if I go through with it...
I believe my sugar daddy attempted to abduct me
Grief can do some really fucked up shit to people.
I believe that my sugar daddy attempted to abduct me
Not Alone ?
Not Alone ?....
What i watch after i watched evrything on yt https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GYBIz0FQdII
Series idea and feedback/ Matthew Gersh
Us Morticians Don't Fear the Dead
I Never Go Near Forests at Night, but They’re Coming for Me
10 rules to survive the nightmare shift.
10 rules to survive the nightmare shift.
My sperm tried to kill me.
Origins: Part 1 (Red is sus)
Hdhdh
Unintended Access
A Dark Reflection of My Home Town
The Window is Right There305954404
The Jungle
Have you heard of the Midnight Matcher or Midnight Man....
Loud House Lost Episode "Luan's Gone Insane"
My Hermit Friend
I believe my sugar daddy attempted to abduct me
Arachbed
Everything you knew.
I work for a psychologist who specialises in killing imaginary friends. We can deny it all we want, but I don't think they're imaginary.
I have this friend
Guys be careful of online dating
Trust me, you don't want a big milky mommy girlfriend
My friend kept sending me weird messages, and now she’s missing.
My Brother Left This Notebook Part 2
I thought my father was just strange; turns out it's genetic.
Faces in the photos
I've been having dreams about the Route my aunt disappeared from.
Do plants have nightmares about intercontinental ballistic missiles?
The Death Room is only open on Sundays
It’s okay to let go.
Route 4353
Someone is hiding in my house.
The Creature in the Baltic
The Shadows Remain Untamed, The Darkness Remains Unconquered.
Northern Maine Hospital infections.
Standstill
The Figures in the Blizzard
Jenny's Diner
Husk
Cursed Tapes and How to Avoid Them Part 6: Shaolath, the Manor That Breathes
I thought of my father as a monster. Turns out, The monster wasn't him. (Part One)
What do YOU think..
Campfire Story from My Past_Rover
My sister hides in the closet. But according to my mom, I don't have one. Not anymore.
I'm a paranormal investigator for the U.S. Government. My agency is getting annoyed.
Mankind's Original Sin
The Watchers
James: Tales Of Rumoria (Part 1)
Random sticks all over my yard.
James (Tales Of Rumoria) Part 1
Never forget the monster in you.
The weirdly imaginative Fantastic Bestiary my 10 year old daughter is doing.
WHO THE FUCK is Biohazard Bill?
AFRICAN MIRACULOUS MIRRORS OF whatchamacallit?
Lost in suburbia hell
Which author?
in 2077
Your skin is just a piece of permanent clothing
School blackout
Red Cliffs Jane Doe
I grew up around ghosts in the Caribbean pt. 2
Sally's Nightmare [REPOSTED]
There Will Be No Counting To Ten
I called 911 so that someone could hear my last words. I am now transporting the future queen of heaven.
"Her DNA is splattered all over the train, yet Sandy had never even known the place."
My town is a little strange (part 7)
I've lost pieces of my soul
Dude, where's my aliens?
The Hooded Man
I Never Go Near Forests at Night, but Now I Have To
Hehehhee
Sees
I've lost part of my soul.
The owners of the resort I'm staying at have coins for eyes - Part Six
Deer Do Not Stand
A Man in Computer
He’s in the vents
The ringing in my ears isn't tinnitus: it's a ghost frequency [PART 2]
The ringing in my ears isn't tinnitus: it's a ghost frequency [PART 2, FINAL]
I'm a landlord in a college town... and I found this letter.
Found this letter at the dump. Ends kind of randomly. Think I should burn it, but something is holding me back. Typed it up to share.
The Devil’s Call
Found this letter at the dump. Ends kind of randomly. Think I should burn it, but something is holding me back. Typed it up to share.
How to Survive Camping - my ancestor's journal
Paranoid life
The Devils Call
Majorly Myopic Girls
There is something very wrong about my new roommate and I fear he might do something terrible.[Finale]
The Link
Screams from the desert.
I used to believe in karma, but I don't anymore (Part 1)
That’s Not My Dog
My Own Phone Number Keeps Messaging Me
Paranoid life
My Bop-It game got me possessed
boeing
The Ghost that watches you sleep !!
Strange sounds in the woods compilation 0,o
Be home soon
I Was Sent Away to a Young Offenders Camp . . . [Part Three]
I was visited by a shadow last night
Bad Seeds
Be home soon
The Bathtub Diaries
If you're looking for a job online, never apply for any warehouse-related position.
In the span of 20 years, I died twice. [Part 6]
Has Anybody Gone Fishing In Space?
The company I work for has a list of rules that new employees never follows. [Part 1]
Bad Seeds
I followed a man...Our child's delivery didn't exactly go as we had hoped
He wakes up at 6 and go to work till 12 AM only to be rewarded accessing the WiFi for 2 hours only.
He wakes up at 6 and go to work till 12 AM only to be rewarded accessing the WiFi for 2 hours only.
Something Was Wrong With My Catholic School Teacher (Narration) (By: eekpeek)
💣Pau De JUMENTO Funciona? PAU De Jumento AUMENTA? PAU De Jumento O Que É??
Someone is leaving dead cats on my Tía’s property.
Greenview High School Has Been Locked Down And Someone Is Killing Us All. Please Help.
Aspiring horror writer? Funny enough, I'm an aspiring horror story narrator.
My Daughter's Keeper
[pt.1] The school of death
My Old Friend's Daughter Has Gone Missing. The Culprit Is The Emboidment Of Evil.
"The Memory Experiments" Part 2 Creepypasta
My team and I raided an old building that should not exist. We've reached the end of our road. [Final]
This is my short story called instead. Hope you like it
My team and I raided an old building that should not exist. We reached the end of our road. (Part 3 - Final)
Absorb
The Ghosts of Black Pine Forest [Part 1]
The Haunted mirror
The one month I spent living on campus
We found an underground bunker full of people
Charter School Survival Guide – Don’t Let Anyone Become an Honors Student
Mimicry
Uh damn
My Daughter's New Imaginary Friend Is Scaring Me
Comprehensive School was a Nightmare.
Connected dreams I've been having (True story)
we just had a conflict with my parents and that's where it all started
help with computer problems?
I work night shift at a drive-thru. My most demanding customer isn’t human.
Our lives are decided by a roll of a d10
Planet x
The Halloween Party
I saw a urban legend and he broke my phone...
We found an underground bunker full of people
Who's Alice?
December 2020 voting thread
My grandfather has a unique sleep cycle. I used it to escape with my life.
I’m a recreational toad-licker, but I fear I’m about to croak
I work on a fishing trawler in the North Atlantic. We reeled something aboard in the net that I’ve never seen before on this Earth.
The empty vessel
THIS is happening in Thailand
I brought my boyfriend back from the dead. I have done something terrible. (Part 3) (Final)
Waiting for the mother
The owners of the resort I'm staying at have coins for eyes - Part Five
I'm an urban explorer and I'll never forget what I found in an abandoned factory.
La cague
This is the story of how I got hacked
I'm an urban explorer and I'll never forget what I found in an abandoned factory.
My (former) new home
The Sunken Church
I'm an urban explorer and I'll never forget what I found in an abandoned factory.
We should not have checked out the reason behind the bloodcurdling scream that had erupted from our neighbour's house. [Part 1]
Best of 2020 contest nominations
The ringing in my ears isn't tinnitus: it's a ghost frequency [PART 1]
From Supertanker News
Have you heard this story? I want to know the source. Please come inside.
Him
Him
You’ll never know.
If you’re driving in the countryside and notice something out of the ordinary, ignore it
I know people that eat grape jelly in their Chili con Carne
I know people that eat grape jelly in their Chili con Carne
What Happened to Chris McDonald?
It Came From The Light
I am Donald J. Trump and my LIFE is in PERIL
I am Donald J. Trump and my LIFE is in PERIL
THE MESSAGE FROM THE WALL WALKER
I fix computers that no one else will.
I'm the new nanny at Lunamorte Manor. My boss is a real bloodsucker.
New neighbor.
My child's delivery didn't exactly go as we had hoped.
The moment I turned my lights off, I heard someone laugh
The amusement park I work at has strange rules(Part 2)
The amusement park I work at has strange rules(Part 1)
Some people say the homeless are all crazy. I used to be one of those people, but life has a way of giving perspective.
Don't Go Off Trail While Backpacking (Part 3)
The Half Priced Voodoo Store is Reopening (Finale)
There is something very wrong about my new roommate and I fear he might do something terrible.[Part 2]
She's always behind me.
My journey through the afterlife.
The concert that almost killed me
I scared myself in the mirror
I Discovered a New Species While Backpacking in Utah
I was born colorblind. I never thought much about color until recently.
An Open Letter to Detective Raymond Fitz. Sincerely, a Humble Planter.
This House Has Thin Walls
This House Has Thin Walls
Fire Burning [1 Hour] for Deep Sleep, Relax &amp; Meditation
Offer
I crept into the booth, silent as a shadow, shaken and distraught, before whispering, “Forgive me father, for I have sinned.”
Deep water is scary.
The hole in the wall
We Made Contact With Intelligent Life, It Was A Mistake.
Stay Away From the Bunker in Minnesota
My grandmother wasn’t joking
The hole in the wall
I was born colorblind. It never caused me much trouble until recently.
Don't Trust Summer Snowfall
On my own terms
I moved into a rundown apartment complex. I spent a day handcuffed to a lawnchair.The Elderly Have Been Disappearing All Over Town
The way the world ends
There's a Vtuber on the Dark Web
Don't Go Off Trail While Backpacking (Part 3)
Do Not Go Off Trail While Backpacking (Part 3 Final)
The 10th Mark
I can tell someone's past and future just by looking at them. One day, I saw someone who had no history at all.
There Is Something Hiding In The Woods At Kern River
yo
My Deep Woods Experience - Final, Part 4
God can't help me, only YOU can.
Ashes to ashes: dust doesn’t reform.
Ashes to dust: dust can’t reform.
The Blue Man Part Two
I see what’s happening real time and I wish I didn’t
I Don’t Think The Ocean Is Meant To Be Explored
Where am I?
A literal chill down the spine
I took a babysitting job and deeply regret it. There is something seriously wrong with the kids.
The mysterious man
County Road 14
I thought she was just paranoid.
I grew up around ghosts in the Caribbean pt. 1
Lockdown has brought back a local horror I never knew existed, now I regret coming to England.
Those weird rules which my Grandma made me follow on my every Birthday night
I thought she was just paranoid.
Last year, I killed an innocent person. The guilt won’t stop, and you could easily be in my shoes next.
Fiction.
William’s Hope Asylum [ Part 1 ]
My town is a little strange (part 6)
I never go near forests at night. This is why
I wanna find a nosleep story about a guy who finds an old mask in his Granfathers stuff
It Cries Every Night at 2:47 AM, Pictures Included
Embarrassment or ethical dilemma or courage
The Miller Tapes
Literal chills down the spine
There's a reason I no longer have long hair....
(Part 1)A Fighter's Life: It Smiles From Beyond the Trees
Unsettling note found in cookie package
Backwater Nightmare
Something is going on with my boyfriend, I'm not sure what to do.
My Experience in a Coma
Backwater Nightmare
MAMA
ZOZO
THE HOME INTRUDER
Strictly enforced
ZOZO (True Story)
Don't Go Off Trail While Backpacking (Part 3, Final)
I See Him Smile
The Poem
He Smiled at Me
It Smiled Back
I saw his face
Breastfeeding is for babies
Ghost orb thing
Don't feel sorry for me
The mysterious man.
My friend got trapped... we got him out but he’s still there
The mysterious man
It's after me, it's too late.
Accounts from a Freelance Cryptid Hunter (Part 1)
There is something very wrong about my new roommate and I fear he might do something terrible.
G
All that you wish to obtain, you shall recieve.
Hack &amp; Crash
Hack &amp; Crash (It's my first NoSleep story, yall!)
I am a Therapist for the Supernatural - Mother of Demons
Help please
Dear Katrina
I’ve been seeing the same girl everywhere
مصنع شركة مراوح شفط بالقصيم،افضل شركة مراوح شفط بالقصيم، تركيب مراوح الشفط في القصيم
THE COMPOST
STOP TEXTING ME!!!
Screw this bestiary, part 1
Why Did She Say It?
I think my coworker doesn't have a mouth underneath her mask
Why am I the only one who doesn’t remember Alison-Kate?
Track 54.5
The Ramblings of a Soldier: The Place That Never Existed
I bought a weird board game
My sister was a crew-member aboard the International Space Station. I think she brought something back with her.
Is someone who leaves their dog to suffer from an itchy rash their whole life as bad as a serial killer?
The drain!
I keep Finding Human Teeth in my Apartment
I found this strange channel on youtube?
I'm a manger for an archipelago resort and we have a disturbing list of rules to follow [Final]
I’m home-alone, and there’s something in the furnace room
Subject 104
Wer ist er?
Wer ist er?
I see the same girl everywhere
Bark
We Are In Your World Now
Screw this bestiary, part 1
Something Was Wrong With My Catholic School Teacher
The Monster in my Closet Killed Mommy
The ghost that watches you sleep !!
He stared at the bodies on the ground, at the girl covered in blood. Her eyes narrowed as she stood up. "You're late."
The WellThat which lays below the mud
Screw this bestiary (Claws)
My Deep Woods Experience - Part 3
The Blue Man Part One.
Screw that fricken bestiary. (Claws)
Give him what he wants
My Haunted House.
My childhood friend lost his arm in an accident, he finally found out what happened to it
My sister’s plushes might be alive
Cashapp/paypal/WU cash out!!! January 2021⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
The man in the fog
The Jungle
The man in the fog
The Student Council
The Restaurant of metal and blood
I moved into a home for the summer… I found some strange rules…
I figured out what eye floaters are. You don't want to know...
The Jungle
Sometimes Old Ladies See Dead People
I'm not like other girls
I Have The Power To Create Creatures By Thinking Of Them part 3
The restaurant of machines
I Have The Power To Create Monsters by Thinking of Them (Part 3A)
My friend has been sending me some really weird emails...
William’s Hope Asylum [ Part 1 ]
DM ME FOR SNAPCHAT HACK
here's my story
Don't go in the birch woods
The doppelganger that left me forever confused
My doppelganger
I am trapped in a world created by my own mental illness.
Lisa
The man in the fog took my son.
Thunder River Rapids Ride Story
There is something in the forest
What Did Me And My Friend See?
VHS 1
The Devil on Red River
Why you shouldn't go down stairwells when you're drunk
The Invisible Man
Reset
Unknown
My kitty passed away a few days ago
I couldn’t turn around
test
An entity in my childhood home embodied family members.
An Angel of Death...?
I can't fall asleep. Can someone tell me the funniest thing that ever happened to you?
The owners of the resort I'm staying at have coins for eyes - Part Four
I found a Red Stick in my backyard I shouldn’t have touched it...
The Bratsbury Sausage Fest
Hold My Hand (Part 1)
No Light
Don't Go Off Trail While Backpacking (Part 2)
Theresa
I’m new to Reddit but this site is annoying
My Mysterious Friend (and the weird background surrounding him)
The creepy ghost that watches you sleep.
Including Phantom Pain, but Not Limited To
I'm not mad at you
A Voice Message from Dr P
I started dating someone and--
They came from below (Part 1)
I downloaded the Commune app, now I’m on a scavenger hunt.
Evil Spirit
I know someone that works for NOAA. The disclosure rumors are 100% true, and the species in question is aquatic.
Never track the source of strange radio signals
Evil Spirit
evil spirit
Evil Spirit
Evil spirit laughing
There’s a new drug in Hollywood, and it’s giving celebrities more than a legal high.
Can I have some Karma.
Project Sunny Side
An Old Fortune Teller predicted my Future, and it's all coming True
I'm Joshua Riggins, and There's a Cosmic Deity Hunting Me (Part Three)
The Ghost In My House
The man in the fog.
An Old Fortune Teller predicted my Future, and it's all coming True
Hunt
Ruby
it rained today and something came with it.
I stole a sheep from the Baba Yaga. I have been punished accordingly.
Among The Trees
This is not your Typical 6 Drunk teenagers in a slasher movie Stuck in the woods Cliche( PT.1)
There's an old payphone in town that takes calls from the dead
The attic
i got attacked by a toaster and it changed my life forever!!!!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!
The Suffocator
The Ones With the Ax’s
i got hit by a toaster and it Changed my life forever!!!!!?!!!!?
The 2016 House (Series)
A Huge Storm Swept Through My Town a Month Ago. It Never Stopped Raining [Part 6]
I'm An Academic Postdoctoral Researcher and I Have Some Stories The Public Should Know. [Part 1]
My Pal Mickey Mouse
Five More Minutes
No Strings
Childrens book with instructions to summon demons
Don’t walk under the trees
Five More MinutesCoss Creek
There's Something in my Windows
Does anyone know my wife?
The Other World
The other world
Strange Man In My Dreams Becoming Real
The cloudy days of my hometown - Good clouds, bad clouds, Orson and the Monkey
There's something seriously wrong with my foster parents...
My Deep Woods Experience - Part 2
My Wife Can't Stop Eating Pixy Stix. I Think She's Become a Monster.
My Deep Woods Experience - Part 2
Nobody believed me, but I knew who the imposter was
The Suffocating Man
Any good YouTube horror story narrators?
My town is a little strange (part 5)
Don't get snatched at night: Finale
New stories
Teen Server Of The Creative Arts
The Stranger in the Woods
Don't Open The Door
It Has Not Stopped Raining
no sleep 48hrs on reg
My Deep Woods Experience - Part 2
I heard strange noises inside and outside, now I'm dead. (Part 6)
I heard strange noises inside and outside, now I'm dead. (Part 6, Finale)
The Prophecy
A gift for myself.
Prometheus station is lost a parasite took over stay away
I made a deal with Jesus Christ...
The James Cameron Meme Vault. Hoping to reach out to Mr. Cameron. Enjoy
The Black Creature’s Suffocation
One of us is an imposter
I
The Memory Experiments /Part Two/
The Pointed Crest
I found a Pocket watch, and it Changed my life Forever.
Unknow person part 1
Why Splash Mountain Sank
The man who lives under the ground
The man who lived under the ground
The man who lived under the ground
The owners of the resort I'm staying at have coins for eyes - Part Three
Empty space
Feeding The Hounds
The Bus.
Satan, Coronavirus, and Computers
Who was the “short man” at EPCOT?
Satan, Coronavirus, and Computers
Satan is a Computer
Inspector Javert and Captain Ahab
Behind the Curtain
Some people hit and run for fun.
Behind The Walls
That errie metallic sound
Amber
I had to pop out the house at night, in the middle of a cold January winter... there was a reason I felt so unnerved.
Todd Cage - The Goat Man
THE GOAT MAN
If you see Commune on the app store, stay away from it- it’s not worth it.
People keep disappearing in my town
light off part 1
THE NOWHERE HOTEL
We sent our son to a teenage weight loss camp, and he came back heavier. And that's not the worst of it.
He makes me feel.
If you receive a mysterious Vantablack envelope, don’t open it. It could save your life.
I'm a Marine. SOI was trash.
I'm a New Night Security Guard, I Wasn’t The Only One On Duty
You were walking and noticed that one of your friends were missing
There's a list of rules I had to follow at my new guard job.
A Distant Figure in January Winter
It runs in the family
Beware the Smiling Boy.
A Quiet Hike
My Deep Woods Experience
DISCORD SERVER
I'm Joshua Riggins, and I Have A Very Special Ability (Part Two)
My name is Sibella Morgrimme, and the forest speaks to me
My Village is Normal
cryptid encounter #1 the loch ness monster
2020 was just the trailer...
The Dollhouse Murderer
Seriously, are these stories about the Elevator Game real?
Something is wrong with my boyfriend, I'm not sure what to do.
wooden chiavari chairs wholesale
I’m gonna go sleep😈
I’m gonna go sleep
I’m gonna go sleep
The disbarred lawyer and the poppy seeds.
In the span of 20 years, I died twice. [Part 6]
Don't get snatched at night: Part 5
The Cabin
True Sonic Drive-In Horror Story
If you think about it, the idea homonymous was invented because two people couldn’t agree on the same meaning of the same word
can anyone decode this?
I meat my future self, now I wish I hadn't. part 1
It wasn't an owl...
I've Been a Small-town Cop For Twelve Years. There's One Case That Still Scares Me.
There's Something Trying to Get in Through Lick Observatory
How to Survive Camping - I brought home some new "pets"
I Should Have Never Taken A Backroad To Get HomeI've been sent on an expedition to the bottom of the ocean, and they told me I was sick.
I just want my Mum!
Octopus Man
The Video Diary Of Oscar Atkins (Part 1)
Boof
Real Live Dinosaur
The Half Priced Voodoo Store is Reopening (Part 6)
The Trees: Nightmare Poem
Don’t Go Off Trail While Backpacking (Part 1)
Don’t Go Off Trail While Backpacking
There’s a new drug in Hollywood, and it’s giving celebrities more than a legal high.
I Buy Trackmaster Lady At Ebay, But Then Strange Thing Happening
We Bought Trackmaster Lady At Ebay, But Then Strange Thing Happening
Our town has weird dogs i keep seeing at night
It Was a Dark and Stormy Night...
New Life
I don’t believe in the supernatural but I sure as hell believe in monsters.
The madness overtook me, I couldn't stop it.
When You See the Wounds
My Mother Thinks She's Dead
I am a Therapist for the Supernatural - Library of Faces
The Moonlight Society - Part 3
Burn, Baby, Burn
Cursed Tapes and How to Avoid Them Part 5: The Demon Girl of Room 2142
The Middleman
I died over a year ago. I just woke up (part 3)
I Mastered The Cello
Why Won't Mommy Believe Me? TRIGGER WARNING: Blood and Violence
The amusement park I work at has strange rules(Part 3)
I own a pair of dice that provide me with real-world luck; but their use comes at a terrible price… [FINAL]
The amusement park I work at has strange rules(Part 3)(Final!)
I found a pocket watch which could stop time and I regret finding it.
I moved into a rundown apartment complex. There's angels in the attic.
My chocolate factory experience: the beginning
Hallowed Short No. 1 (My series of ultra short stories)
I was inducted into a cult that worships memes.
The Prison of Blood and Memories
My team and I raided an old building that should not exist. I'm never turning the lights off again. (part 2)
The girl in the basement.
I'm Joshua Riggins, and I Have A Special Ability (Part Two)
I Helped My Husband Sell His Body
Christine's Demon- Never sleepover at someone's house
The house my housemates and I rented during college was haunted
My friends and I went to the mountains. I'm the sole survivor
Mouth full of Identities
My town is a little strange (part 4)
Aunt Ninna's House 3
Aunt Ninna's House 3
I took a journey on the wrong old ship!
The Dark Figure
The Dark Figure
Don't get snatched at night: Part 4
The dark figure
The man who lived under the ground.
I’m on a baseball card, but I’ve never played baseball
Drip
They Don't want you knowing.
It was All Fake.
The Paris Catacombs Don't Want You Looking. [short story]
My name is Fiona Holiday. I died over a year ago. I just woke up. (Part 3)
The Wandering Dancer
My friends and I went to the Mountains. I'm the only one left
The disappearance of William Tyrrell
Wait, what?
When a water cryptid tried to kidnap me. (Why I'm afraid of deep water)
The owners of the resort I'm staying at have coins for eyes - Part Two
Can’t seem to figure out why this is happening
My friends and I went to the mountains. I'm the only one left
I'm Blind... Thank God.
The Observers (Part 5) Conclusion
I babysat two kids one night, and this is what happened
The Not-So-Silent Night.
I work at the most dangerous zoo on Earth. God help us if one of the creatures we house here escape. Unfortunately that’s exactly what happened
I work at the most dangerous zoo on Earth. God help us if one of the creatures we house escape. Unfortunately, that is exactly what happened
The Platform at Midnight
I can't bring myself to go the back porch at night anymore.
I had a living, breathing Pikachu when I was younger. Briefly. It's all so fuzzy..
Pets
Time Has Stopped and I'm Not Alone
I've been sent on an expedition to the bottom of the ocean, this is my big chance.
I've lost 40 years of my life- please HELP!
My Name Is Joshua Riggins, And A Cosmic Being Was Sent To Earth To Protect Me (Part One)
Reincarnation with a twist - My Theory
The Roommate
The Roommate
I Interviewed a Man Claiming to be God, this is the Terrifying thing he told me
I work at the strangest zoo on Earth. God help us if any of the creatures we house there escape. Unfortunately, that is exactly what happened.
Creepy Discord Friend Request
Haikus From My Sleep Paralysis (#1)
I Took My Sister To A Cabin In The Middle of Winter
We Know When The World Will End - But None Of Us Know How.
Needles
I'm a manger for an archipelago resort and we have a disturbing list of rules to follow [Part 2]
My city has been cut off from the world and overrun with monsters. I have a set of rules to stay alive. Rule #8: Singing can make your head explode. And no, I don't just mean getting a headache from bad singing on American Idol
Do you feel threatened?
I'm unable to feel fear, so I'm here to do you all a favor.
Jeff Bezos came to my house
The Blueberry farm
Please don’t let this fail.
The Sleeping ExitsUpdates On A New Species Of Arachnid
Out of the corner of my eyes, I can always see 'it'. I always have since I was a child.
The Cartoon God Incident
Fruiting Body
What beauties are hiding in true north korea?
I might be new here so hi
I might be new here so hi
Help!
Help !
Someone or something followed me back from the forest
Someone or something followed me back from the forst
I think my work IT guy might be a psychopath Part 2
Pinch me, I’m dreaming
Candles burning for Sleep (1 hour)
He told me to never let the strings break, or they would come crawling. I should have listened.
Someone's been Mailing me Human Teeth
The Home That Does Not Exist. [Part 1]
I've Been a Small-town Cop For Twelve Years. There's One Case That Still Scares Me.
Skin faced lady
The Memory Experiments /Part one/
The Memory Experiments (Part 1 of 2)
Saving Grace
I celebrate my Birthday alone. It's not safe for others to be around me.
The Observers (Part 4) Smoke and Mirrors. Ones and Zeroes.
The owners of the resort I'm staying at have coins for eyes
Saving Grace
The amusement park I work at has strange rules(Part 2)
I awoke something, and It wants to wear my face.
I found something in the woods, and it won't stop following me.
Don't Use the 5th Room
Something went terribly wrong during my nightly pre-sleep ritual
A Documentation of the Weird Events in my Corner Store (Pt. 1)
I woke up in a torture chamber.
I own a pair of dice that provide me with real-world luck; but their use comes at a terrible price… [Part 2]
A Documentation of the Strange Events at my Corner Store (Pt. 1)
I FOUND A LIST OF INSTRUCTIONS IN AN OLD FAMILY BOOK -- AND IF I DON’T FOLLOW THEM SOMETHING TERRIBLE WILL HAPPEN
I am a Therapist for the Supernatural - Dreameater
The Grim Reaper is not who you think he is (PT 1)
What if the Devils biggest scheme was convincing mankind that the bible was Gods word?
Do you see me?
I moved into a rundown apartment complex. I had a really weird dentist's appointment.
The dabbing monster keeps dabbing closer and closer...
Leech
The Dabbing monster keeps chasing me,I can't sleep anymore.
Insidious
I Accepted the Wrong Job
I accidentally killed my daughter, now she's come back to kill me
embrace
Have you heard of Samantha Ables? The Sammy file.
50 years ago, I had descended into the Gates of Hell after listening to all the urban myths about them. Now, I’m pleading for my sanity. [Part 1]
When chips crackle, it's a bad omen - Part 1
My Car Trunk Kept Opening Every Morning
50 years ago, I descended into the Gates of Hell after listening to the urban legends. What happened left me pleading for my sanity [Part 1]
The Blueberry farm (updated version)
Operation Red Cap
I’m not sure what to do anymore..
My team and I raided an old building that should not exist. What we found inside should have been forgotten forever
I'm deteriorating
I'm a manger for an archipelago resort and we have a disturbing list of rules to follow [Part 1]
I had a Déjà vu. After that it started to happen more frequently.
I Checked on my Neighbor After Hearing Strange Sounds. I Wish I had Just Left it Alone.
A Documentation of the Weird Occurrences at the Corner Store (Pt. 1)
A Documentation of the Strange Occurrences at my Store (Pt. 1)
Stalked by a psychopath
Something about those eyes
My Family Has a Strange Tradition
Them
Hi Hi Hi
Chainsaw
i hunt cryptids for a living #1 the chupacabra
Chainsaw
Don't get snatched at night: Part 3
My daughter had a slumber party 3 days ago. She hasn’t woken up since.
We got several messages from space, and it might be the last one's we see.
Ph'nglui mglw'nafh Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn
The Raid Part II
I really hated cloudy days back then - More about Toothy
Vsvvw
Stalker
They told me she's not real
Students in my University couldn’t go home for the holidays. I don’t think I’m safe (part 4).
Things to do when your Bored stupid....
I brought my boyfriend back from the dead. I think he brought something back with him. (Part 2)
My girlfriend and I went to visit this place called "Death Manor." We want to be the first people to make it out of there alive. Final Part.
Kids Love to Say What They're Thinking
The woods in Romania didn't seem that scary ,but Jesus was I wrong...
I've never been scared of the dark. Now the Gods need my help. [Part 2] [Final]
Catherine and Hannah Commit a Murder
Microsoft Could Bring You Back From The Dead... As A Chat Bot
The Black Silo Part 4
They said stay silent...
The cast of my favourite TV show are dead, and my best friends killed them.
The fields are different in the dark
The Black Silo Part 4
Reverse Vampire 15: Checkpoint Reload
[PART ONE] The Apocalypse Has Come In My Town
I have no options
Body eating itself
In the span of 20 years, I died twice. [Part 5]
Lusine ApartmentsWas the black shadow outside or inside of the car?
Margaret is a witch
There's someone else in that house.
My town is a little strange (part 3)
The Crypt
My Name Is Joshua Riggin, and There's a Weird Yellow Floating Man Following Me. (Part One)
The Half Priced Voodoo Store is Reopening (Part 5)
Red dirt is all over my clothes
My town is a little strange (part 3)
Actors are actors
Confession: i had to kill my son to feed my other children
Growing up, I was told to never close my eyes in the shower
The Observers (Part 3) The Forest of Decay
My chocolate obsessed boyfriend
I'm a private pilot. Last week I saw things up there that I still can't explain.
My chocolate obsessed boyfriend
I'm a blind girl and I just bought a new apartment
The Animatronic Dog (Part 1)
Prisoner
All of our babies come from the forest
I own a pair of dice that provide me with real-world luck; but their use comes at a terrible price…
I moved into a rundown apartment complex. The other tenants and the mushrooms growing everywhere worry me.
THE STORM
The Abyss REALLY likes to stare back, and if you’ve stared before, you have to read this.
The Worst Experience I had as a Staff of an attraction park
Sister won't let me sleep because of discord
The Raid [Part II]
Very creepy new website about lost SpongeBob EP: www.sponge26b.com
Sister won't let me sleep because of discord
The Blueberry farm
I Worked On A Farm For A Guy On Craigslist
I guess this is the end
Not a story, but a question. I’m so sorry!
Like A Moth
My College Roommate Kept a Dark Secret
He's here
A Storybook Ending
My management post at a resort in the archipelago has strange rules [Part 1]
pls
The Sign Man.
The sign man.
The Babe Goes in the Box
THE DOOR TO A NEW REALITY
Don't Turn on the Lights
My Experience at Skinwalker Cabin. Part 1.
My friend's house was broken into and she was killed. Worried my family might be next. True story.
Emily, Again (I just ran into my dead wife)
OCD
The Bandaid Man
The cast of my favourite TV show are dead, and my best friend killed them.
Charter School Survival Guide – Respect the Power of Knowledge
The knock at the door
The Locked room
When I was walking home from school, my shadow tried to murder me.
Roommates.
i hunt cryptids for a living #1 the chupacabra
The Locked Room
Don't get snatched at night: Part 2
Grandpa said never to to go in the Greenhouse
not mine but i saw this one on a tumblr text posts video
Stuck on a plane
FFS someone please help me, my daughter’s creepy-ass doll is alive and is taking real shits
I’ve forgotten the sun...
Azealia Banks Digs Up And Boils Her Dead Cat?!
My brothers guest room is weird
My wife and I found out that the child we had fostered is actually our biological child
I've never been scared of the dark. Now the Gods need my help. [Part 1]
IMG_0013: HELP ME!! (Part 2)
I had an imaginary friend .
IMG_0013: HELP ME!!! (Part 2)
The Black Silo Part 3
I don’t trust the Kit Kat Clock my wife insisted on buying.
IMG_0013: HELP ME!!!
The Time Capsule Was Set to Open January 1st; I Just Needed to Survive.
If you're reading this, you've been in a coma for almost 20 years now. We're trying a new technique. We don't know where this message will end up in your dream, but we hope it works. Please wake up, we miss you.
The Heart stone at Fairbank park.
The Winter Man
Flight of a One-Winged Butterfly
CONFESS YOUR SINS
IMG_0013.jpg: HELP ME!!!
The Gates to Hell
The Child
My town is a little strange (part 2)
Learn
Confession: I had to kill my son to feed my other children
Screaming Girl in my backyard
IMG_0013.jpg
And The Cat Came Back
Hello
Missing Son
The Observers (Part 2) The dead woman rides for free
Mysterious that is haunting my dreams
There Was A Woman on Stage
Do NOT name your snowman Jack Frost. I did. And it killed my entire family.
A man in a costume is pretending to be my mom's dog
I Can See You Inside of It
Another Night
Another Night
I am a scary man and I scare u
Scary StoriesMidnight Adventures
The blizzard took them.
Do not walk on the Boulevard of Death.
Strange encounters 1
living the dark side of the supernatural; playing with fire.
This is my first time posting on here, but I keep having this vivid dream so I wrote it down
I thought I'd found my Doppelganger but the Truth was much more Terrifying
Realizing my childhood home is haunted (maybe)
Issue 237
Iridescence and Oranges
Accounts from a Freelance Cryptid Hunter (Part 1)
The Raid
My best friend and I found a strange corpse in the forest (Part 4)
New podcast
The Basement
We learned to travel between the universes. We should have been more watchful of what was out there.
Wait, this isn't a subreddit about ppl who can't sleep???
My blueberry farm has a curse.
A Journal in the Off Limits Section of the Park
Operation Red Cap
Waiting for someone
I was looking for a Vampyr so I put an ad on Craigslist
My brother left this notebook
Twist, steal, stab.
Twist. Steal. Stab.
I met my evil doppleganger in a dream while searching for an angel
fans of Creativity James Wang, your day has come, join the community https://www.reddit.com/r/UniversalJamesVan/comments/kwktwz/runiversaljamesvan_lounge/?utm_medium=android_app&amp;utm_source=share
I’ve always hated cloudy days
i hunt cryptids for a living #1 the mokele mbembe
I Got More Than Just A Blowjob From The Glory Hole Down At Roxy's Roadhouse
My Friend found something in an abandoned shed
We had all heard about the events at the lighthouse.
I met my evil doppleganger in a dream while searching for an angel
Tooth &amp; Nail - The Creature (Finale)
what the hell is going on?
Nightmare
I got a new job at a museum. I found a terrifying list of rules (part 1)
■■■■■■■■■ CORPORATION - REPORT #0005 - THE PRISON
I got a new job at a museum. I found a terrifying list of rules (1/2)
My Father Owned An Amusement Park
December 2020 contest nominations
November 2020 Winners!
I Love My Mommy
I Witnessed the Birth of Something Unholy
I need some help
Sing Out The Thunder
Need help finding a story about a key that could unlock any door
Endless Pines
Don't get snatched at night: Part 1
I was brushing my teeth in a dream in my bathroom
Strange encounters 1
The demons of soccer camp
A US Veteran Stopped a Mass Shooting and was vilified for it.
Tooth &amp; Nail - The Creature (Finale)
The demons of soccer camp
The Black Silo Part 2
Please help me figure out this...
My friend is a monster
Rain
Rain
The Tracks Lead To The Shadows
My Cousin Mary
How to Survive Camping - collateral damage
Never Play the Whisper Game
Never Play the Shadow Game
I found a pocket watch which could stop time and I regret finding it.
I’m a cop and everyone is pretending like my case from 15 years ago never happened (Part 3)
My town is a little strange (part 1)
These Pills Control Me
I'm an amateur filmmaker who knows too much. My latest documentary got the attention of something that isn't human.
I'm a Marine. SOI was trash.
My Monster Part 3 -Now I know why my wife has nightmares
I babysat my niece last night. Her favorite toy made sure I regretted it.
Where am I... Part 1 Creepypasta
The Old Man and the Succubus, Part 1
Remus woke up.
My body isn't mine
Pete
I think my new tattoo is trying to possess me.
Tiny Slivers of Hell: an experience with an Unknown Substance, sold as Red Dust.
Why is it Sticky? - The question library staff have to ask WAY more often than we should
The past is the present
The man
Hidden Subway
Hidden Subway (Short Story)
Visitor
When Cherry Blossoms Fall Under a Full Moon
They All Deserved It
There’s a man made of wood who lives in the forest. He’s trying to keep me from the thing I want most in the world.
It found me
Ocean Sounds | 1 Hour, No Music
The Oscar Mayer Hot-dog Secret
The labyrinth game
Snowstorms are deadly in more ways than one...
what is this
full moon wish spell beware what u wish for .
Full moon wish spell i am not responsible what might happen if u do this spell use with caution and beware what u wish for .
Moby is dead
My kidnapper just left the door open because he knows I cannot leave... [Part 2]
I’m busy.“I Rode In a Cab in ‘81 and Was Nearly Killed…
The long-necked woodsman
The long-necked woodsman
It found me
I Have Discovered A New Species of Arachnid
In case you didn’t know
I work at a Supposedly Haunted Daycare (Part 1)
I work at a Supposedly Haunted Daycare(Part 1)
I thought the rumors of the daycare I worked at were just rumors. God, I wish that's all they were.
I Just Got A Job at a Supposedly Haunted Daycare (Part 1?)
It found me
Accounts from a Freelance Cryptid Hunter (Part 1)
If you wake up at 3:33am, don't look outside.
Knock
please don't ban me I just want to be on r/madlads
I was looking for a Vampyr so I put an ad on Craigslist
HiMasque Control System (How To Influence The Masses
The Collector of Smiles (Part 1)
Please don't ban me I just want to be on r/madlads
Escape Plan
the laptop
I Love The Park
Guys I'm Scared.
the creature in the forest
Guys I'm scared!
I was just told the three words you never want to hear.
I started a podcast named The Mystery Seekers. Please check out my first episode and don't be too harsh in the coments.
The Observers (Part 1) Hop on the Magic Tour Bus!
I was looking for a Vampyr so I put an ad on Craigslist
The amusement park I work at has strange rules(Part 2)
I work at a private museum for the rich and famous. Don’t bring your kids here.
DOCUMENT 57 SFSEASC
Don't Trust your Five Senses
My time travel kerfuffle part 1 (recommended to read the prologue)
My pet rabbit has a gambling addiction. He wants my foot because he thinks it's a good luck charm.
Genetically Modified (part 1)
I'm scared.
The red house
I think I may be possessed.
The Last Ride of Roy Wilson (Finale)
I think I may be possessed.
Wee seen a creepy man in the woods
We seen a creepy man in the woods
I got a new job at a museum. I found a terrifying list of rules
The Creeper
The creeper
The creeper
The creeper
The Creeper
My wife died. She came back home a few days after the funeral.
I heard strange noises inside and outside, now I’m dead. (Part 5)
I accidentally invited an interdimensional demon to my house while smoking pot - Part 1
Tooth &amp; Nail - I followed a trail of blood to the attic, what I found there will haunt me forever. (Part 5)
The Black Silo part 2
The Black Silo
I’m an artist who sold my soul
The Time Capsule was Set to Open January First, I Just Had to Survive Until Then.
The woodlands.
The Cold
The weeping.
Help me
Not everything ends.
My reflection is going to kill me.
Shy Smiles
Accounts from a Freelance Cryptid Hunter (Part 1)
My son keeps having nightmares of clowns in the living room. Today I saw them too
having trouble sleeping at night
My Brother Is Getting Exactly What He Deserves
The Little One
My time travel kerfuffle: prologue
What I Do For My Family
Where The Butterflies Dance (Part 2)
The darkest feeling of my life
My dads last story to me before his death
a friend died because of me
I don't know how else to explain this, but what I saw was no animal known to man.
Grandma's 911 Calls: Finale
Scariest Place On Earth
If you live in the Houston area, there is a killer near you
Knock Knock
The Half Priced Voodoo Store is Reopening (Part 4)
The dark is scary
The mysterious case of Whitney lullof
hi my name is enock kashosi daniel
The Bunny that came in the storm on a nice saturday day
The thing in the woods
I found a history book from the future. The chapter for 2021 is terrifying.
I am a Therapist for the Supernatural - The Eater of Dreams
The Bunny in the Storm
My daughter said something unexpected about her dead twin
Eris
would anyone be interested in my premium snap? i take requests too🥺🥺❤️
His name was Ethan
At night I keep thinking someone is gonna come in my house and kill me. Am I hallucinating?
It was living in the floor
I dream about a house in the woods
Humans Aren't The Only Things That Can Open Doors
School Lockdown
The River...
The river...The river...
The river...
Phone-ly Hope
The night I knew I should probably quit
The night I knew I should probably quit
Based on true events.
Based on true events
If I sleep I die
I woke up and I couldn't move...I regret knowing why
I worked as a former security guard, I saw a suspicious piece of paper HOLDING rules..
I worked as a former security guard, I saw a suspicious piece of paper HOLDING rules..
Forty years ago, my grandmother trapped a witch in a mirror
The Other Woman
I worked as a former security guard, I saw a suspicious piece of paper HOLDING rules..
In god's machine: Part one - Clockwork
Waiting in the Woods
My father was afraid of the Ocean. Now I know why
Within The Woods
In gods machine: Clockwork (Chapter One.
my girlfriend is a catgirl [nsfw] {nsfl}
The red house
Every year, something appears in my closet. It wants to be let out.
THE HAND MAN... [Part One]
My Mother(39F) Isn’t Talking To Me(16M)
Tulpamancy
Can I Kill You Please?
click
Out of the corner of my eyes, I can always see 'it'. I always have since I was a child.
Every day Charlotte’s mother forgot to collect her from school.
Out of the corner of my eyes, I can always see 'it'. I always have since I was a child.
And the Bombs fell
FOREST OF DOOM
The Brain Eater (Part 1)
A good day.
If I die they've come for me!
My Mother’s House
The Cold
I might be misremembering
A good day.
My roommate is a Camgirl
They Came From The Skies
The Case Of The Haunted Room
My Mother's House
The forest
Today was a good day.
The forest
Becoming a reddit avatar
I’m pretty sure the cast of my favourite TV show are dead, and they’re under my best friend’s Christmas tree.
The telephone
I smelled my pup a few minutes ago
I smelled my pup a few minutes ago.
sunday scaries
Tooth &amp; Nail - The house smelled of death and now I know why. (Part 4)
Number 15: Michael, the notorious sink shitter
Short story I made in 4th grade, truthful opinions?
Any help would be greatly appreciated. I feel like something is following me.
Whatever i do, it just won't come off!
Twisted blood clown
Never allow yourself to get too bored. (part 1)
Spiral into Empyrean
I AM FRENCH I'LL TRY TO WRITE CORRECTLY
The Last Ride of Roy Wilson (Part 3)
I woke up in the woods and I don't know how I got here.
Every night I felt like I was being watched. Now I know why.
Foraging for mushrooms is fun. But I really fucked up this time.
A Father’s Suicide
A Father’s Suicide
The day of the demon
If you hit something on a rural road at night, maybe it’s best you keep driving.
The Kid Sitting On The Light Post
If You Somehow Found This Book, Lock It Away. Do Not Read On...
I'm a College Student studying Astronomy... I Accidently Found Out What's In Our Universe
We're never alone.
Stage fright
The noise
Indian Instrumental Music (TAMBURA) | Music For Yoga &amp; Meditation
The noise
The noise (part 1)
There is a monster that lurks at the bottom of my local pool... and a mirror that leads to another world. [Final]
The reason why my dad left the police force
Here u have scary stories collection
Lilitu
What do you wish for?
What happened to Tik Toker @User1010101075?
Our first date went well, until we took the backroads. Never take the backroads off highway 3A.
The Moonlight Society (Part 2)
Amy's missing. Have you seen her?
The scariest moment of my life
There's a window inside my house whose view does not reflect what is actually outside
The Grey Man
Berries
Berries
I brought my boyfriend back from the dead. He's not acting like himself (Part 1)
Experiencing no way out of multiple dreams in one night
Just a pair of legs.
I Just Had to Wear That Dress
The Monsters Aren't Real
The soul in my body is not mine
The Guardian of Arasampatti
I sell houses for potential ghosts to hauntNever EVER Take the Last Train Home
I hunt pedophiles for a living but the one that I hunted on that night is not a pedophile and it's something worse
Was i really being r*aped?
A little story be me ;)
There's Something Wrong with My Friend
Hey guys did you know that Amazon also delivered happy thoughts and happy emotions?
All I wanted was a hug.
I hunt pedophiles for a living and what I came after that night is not a pedophile but something worse
An eerie neoclassical vegan beauty store stole my little sister. Beware of your frequented stores [Part 2]
The First Time Living on My Own
My vacation shack has some weird rules...
Hibernation
Hibernation
My mum and sister saw something strange
The Gates to Hell
I went swimming one early morning off the coast of California, I almost didn't make it back to shore
New Year's Eve, 1996 Part II
I saw my granny’s dead mother
The accident
Tooth &amp; Nail - I broke into an abandoned building and soon realised I wasn't alone. (Part 3)
If I ever die you have to know they came for me!
I Know Why The Sun Burns At Night
Cursed Tapes and How to Avoid Them Part 4: The Black Magic Virus
I don’t think I’m supposed to exist.
Add
I was 13 when I learned I had super powers: throwing KILLER snowballs
welding man
Lacey Jane Anderson
My uncle owns this joint called "The Best Fingers in Town." I work for him. Good thing my aunt's not around to see this
TW: mention of g*re
The eyes
Can anyone else do this with Eviebot?
The Price Is Blood
ive got a ghost in my back yard
The Office is Dead on Saturdays
I stalk my neighbor and tonight their child was kidnapped.
You can't take back wishes
The Radiator
The Boy with the Blue Eyes
I Need Your Help To Find My Daughter...| Part 1 |
Never Trust Those Who Have Golden Eyes
Aunt Ninna's House 2
The Half Priced Voodoo Store is Reopening (Part 3)
Area 51, Zone 13, The Exorcist
My girlfriend and I pulled a prank, and the nightmares haven’t stopped since.
Teddy bear night
The Town That Never Buried Anyone
It’s following me
My uncle found a podcast on our school website and it’s got me paranoid. I don’t think I’m safe.
I'm locked in Maplewood Shopping Center after dark.
In the span of 20 years, I died twice. [Part 4]
I got locked in Maplewood Shopping Center after dark.
Dentophobia - Fear of Dentists
My uncle Rob found a podcast on our school website and it’s got me paranoid. I don’t think I’m safe.
Amazing to fall asleep
Do Not Take the Last Train Home
There is a monster that lurks at the bottom of my local pool...
Pray, Texas
They Say it Take Two Days for Your Cats to Eat Your Body
My kidnapper just left the door open because he knows I cannot leave...
I left my parent's house at 15 and I never felt better.
Have you ever seen a dreamcatcher made from human flesh?
I ignored the warnings about the stairs in the woods (Finale)
I ignored the warnings about the stairs in the woods (Finale)
I ignored the warnings about the stairs in the woods (Finale)
my strange ability; beyond the natural world.
I ignored the warnings about the stairs in the woods (Finale)
I ignored the warnings about the stairs in the woods (Finale)
I ignored the warnings about the stairs in the woods (Finale)
I Have to Warn You About the Local Amish... They're Not Worshipping God.
I ignored the warnings about the stairs in the woods (Finale)
Monster under my bed
Why I never use street view on Google Maps
I found out I owned a lost game for the N64. It almost drove me insane.
we went trick or treating, i knew we shouldn't have
The Office: Saturdays are Dead
Im a door and window technician
I thought I was plagued by the same reoccurring dream all of my life. I wish I was right...
It’s following me.... pt2
Im a window and door technician
My Grandfather passed away recently. I think he has left me something unearthly, something maddening. I think someone is in my home.
I fotgot the name of this story someone wrote
Whitemallace
It’s following me...
I Found This List Of Rules For Prospective Maids
Intruder
My mother always told me smoking could kill. I just didn't know it was instantly.
For the people familliar with the mysterious case of Mateusz Kawecki, there has been now information released about his death. I've made a video about it for the peaople that are interested :)
The Barry Family Mystery
An American Neckbeard in Tokyo
I never liked the outside of the house, but when i saw the inside, the outside was like a flower garden
I worked as a live-in carer. This is the story of the worst experience I ever had on the job
GUTTED (EDITED)
A Strange Desk
I keep appearing in torture videos on the internet. I don't know who is making them.
Take a look at the stars
I can hear my brother still playing the piano with my great-grandma
We see the underwater society
I bought a new TV online. It came with disturbing rules. (Part 1)
The ObliviousI decided to explore The chocolate city but hated it.
My Mom Taught Me a Magic Word to Make the Monsters Go Away and It Works TOO Well
Hey
I found a journal made by some strange guy. My life will never be the same, and I'm afraid.
An uncanny adventure
I think that the old man I'm looking after is a cannibal (part 2)
My grandpa works at a mental institute, I'm starting to believe one of his patient's stories.
Journey of Surrogacy: the Ultimate Guide
I think the old man I care for is a cannibal. (part 2)
New Year's Eve, 1996 Part I
I've found a device that allowed me to travel between dimensions
I'm A Voyeur. The Other Night I Witnessed Something Terrifying.
Need help identifying sleeping disorder!
Iddimu from Awoken
Zone 13 of Area 51,part 1
A cursed doll
My best friend told me something was outside her house. Now whatever hunted her is hunting me.
I’m seeing hallucinations and my parents are telling me that they are angels.
Todd Was Never Really My Friend...
All men want is sex. :-/
i went into the woods on a search and rescue mission. what i found was not human part 4
AD:COME SEE GRAY SNOW IN MASSACHUSETTS
i went into the woods on a search and rescue mission. what i found was not human (PART 4)
i went into the woods on a search and rescue mission. what i found was not human(PART 4)
I received an emergency alert that said I'd been abducted
Como Steve Bannon e um bilionário chinês criaram uma sensação de direita na mídia com o coronavírus
i went into the woods for a search and rescue mission. whati found was not human
i went into the woods for a search and rescue. what i found was not human (part 4)
I started working the night shift for my local airport. I found a strange set of rules(Part 3)
I watched a movie about my life, which had a horrible ending. Threatening the production studio was the biggest mistake of my life.
What the Happiest Dreams are Made Of
I sleep under my bed
It Hurts
The Prison of Blood and Memories.
Grandmas Closet.
The Reason I Resigned As An FBI Special Agent
I sell dead peoples clothes...
My flat pack shed came with a man inside
Hank Elkins was executed for murdering my family. Now it's time for justice. [FINAL]
The secret room
Hello, this is Craig
I work at the strangest zoo on Earth. God help us if any of the creatures we house there escape. There is a set of rules that can never be broken
I work at the strangest zoo on Earth. God help us all if any of them escape. There is a set of rules that must never be broken.
The man who carries a grave stone everywhere
Scars
GUTTED.
The Baptized Demon 2, the war
Mountain home for the criminally insane
Ư̵̧̢̗̼̮͕͎͙̦̋͒̏̏̏͛͜ņ̶̘̳͎̤̟̣̿̇͆̈́͊̇͠͠a̵̺͛̅͑͗͒̿͊ţ̴̡͕̯̠̱̫̹̩̀̏̏͌͜ͅu̴͚͈̹̓̓̍͒͆̈́̿̆͘͠͝r̷̨̖̝̞͙̟͉̮̟͓͋̑́̒̂́͐ą̵̣͇͉͋̂̏̂̽͜ľ̶͈̯̦͇͕̇͠ part
Ư̵̧̢̗̼̮͕͎͙̦̋͒̏̏̏͛͜ņ̶̘̳͎̤̟̣̿̇͆̈́͊̇͠͠a̵̺͛̅͑͗͒̿͊ţ̴̡͕̯̠̱̫̹̩̀̏̏͌͜ͅu̴͚͈̹̓̓̍͒͆̈́̿̆͘͠͝r̷̨̖̝̞͙̟͉̮̟͓͋̑́̒̂́͐ą̵̣͇͉͋̂̏̂̽͜ľ̶͈̯̦͇͕̇͠ part 1
My boyfriend is acting strange.. Part 1: The Backstory
GUTTED.
Ư̵̧̢̗̼̮͕͎͙̦̋͒̏̏̏͛͜ņ̶̘̳͎̤̟̣̿̇͆̈́͊̇͠͠a̵̺͛̅͑͗͒̿͊ţ̴̡͕̯̠̱̫̹̩̀̏̏͌͜ͅu̴͚͈̹̓̓̍͒͆̈́̿̆͘͠͝r̷̨̖̝̞͙̟͉̮̟͓͋̑́̒̂́͐ą̵̣͇͉͋̂̏̂̽͜ľ̶͈̯̦͇͕̇͠ part 1
Aspen
Where the devil keeps his pets
I work at the strangest zoo on Earth. God help us all if the creatures we house escape.
If the screen of your Switch cracks, stop playing
The Big Momma movies are haunted
The amusement park I work at has strange rules(Part 2)
A Ghost Visited Me, Only He Didn’t Know Who He Was
I'm afraid your time is up.
Mountain home for the criminally insane.
They died?
I'm afraid your time is up.
The Slide
I got a job babysitting a rich couple, but they gave me a set of rules to follow
I'm a time traveler, who is out of ideas, and I have a message for you.
If your house creaks throughout the night, you need to read this
I heard strange noises inside and outside, now I’m playing some sick game. (Part 4)
Whatever i do,it won't come off!
I work for a psychologist who specialises in killing imaginary friends. Sometimes our most terrifying ideas come when we least expect it.
My house hates me.
133 Evergreen Terrace.
133 Evergreen Terrace (my first horror anything so feedback is appreciated.)
My Father Survived The Chair of Truth
I want die
I own a cat who doesn't have a mother. Not from the same species, anyway.
Haven’t slept in 2 days because of exams pls pray for me
The Last Ride of Roy Wilson (Part 2)
I Never Believed In Chain Mail, But Now I’m Dying
Do you want to build a snowman? ☃️
Florida Serial Killer, Clan Rally and The Old Man Begging for Help by Audrey Webster.
Foreign Currency Exchange In Chennai - 9840593123 / 9841944370
Florida Serial Killer and And the sleep watcher by Audrey Webster.
Florida Serial Killer. By Audrey Webster
Phone...Wallet...Keys
If your house creaks throughout the night, you need to read this
I am a singer for my band. I had a concert a month ago where the entire audience disappeared.
If your house makes creaking noises throughout the night, you need to know this.
Isn't it funny how a certain smell can trigger a memory?
Today it's my birthday &amp; nobody wished me.
Isn't it funny how certain smells can trigger a memory?
Transcripts from the real invasion
"Tapping" fiction
They told me to stay away from Mr Whitman, I wish I'd listened. (Part 1)
They told me to stay away from Mr Whitman, I wish I'd listened. (Tooth &amp; Nail Part 1)
Transcripts from the real invasion
He’s in your room
A Calm Night
"I married a serial killer, but at least I didn't marry a bass player!"Hawaiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
How to Survive Camping - it's Irish history time and also I might die but that's probably not a surprise anymore
The Breaker and The Broken
“Watch for deer”
Help me, and listen to me
I Sleep With A Night Light. I’m a fit 36 Year Old Man.
I’m a cop and everyone is pretending like my case from 15 years ago never happened (Part 2)
SPOOKY
i went into the woods on a search and rescue mission. what i encountered was not human
Calls from Craig
I started working the night shift for my local airport. I found a strange set of rules(Part 3)
They're in my bones.
It Hurts
Red dress
I broke into my crushes house, now I'm scared of her
I Never Believed in Chain Mail, But Now I’m Dying
I Don’t Believe in Chain Mail, But I’m Dying
I work at a crooked casino. You don't gamble with money here.
Tales of Real Witch
Hank Elkins was executed for murdering my family. His work isn't done.
I own an antique store and has created a list of rules that my employees must follow [Part 1]
Disrespectful
I call my son Eric and my wife calls our son David
My Eternal Burden
We found a trapdoor in our AirBnB. I haven't seen my fiancé since.
Transcripts from the real invasion
My Strange life
When It Rains, They Come
I will never unsee what i saw.
My Friends and I Made a Ghost Movie when I was Ten
The Thing In The Woods
If you see a man wearing a coat during warm weather, facepalm repeatedly until he goes away
Its dark and cold.
I started working the night shift for my local airport. I found a strange set of rules. (Part 3)
If the screen of your Switch cracks, stop playing
Savernake Haunter
The Lady Underneath the Lake
My girlfriend and I went to visit this place called "Death Manor." We want to be the first people to make it out of there alive. Part 6.
My city has been cut off from the world and overrun with monsters. I have a set of rules to stay alive. Apparently, having no Christmas spirit can be fatal
My city has been cut off from the world and overrun with monsters. I have a set of rules to stay alive. Apparently having no Christmas spirit can be fatal
My city has been cut off from the world and overrun with monsters. I have a set of rules to stay alive. Hold on for (rein)deer life - apparently having no Christmas spirit can be fatal
Hi Reddit! I leave you a riddle of those that the community likes
Hi Reddit! I leave you a riddle of those that the community likes
Don't go Randonauting. I repeat, DON'T do it.
The Spirit Merchant
Charter School Survival Guide – Cheer when the mascot shows up
I've been getting letters from my biggest fan, but I'm not famous
The Audio Induced Retentive Image Experiment
If only
Why I gave up being rich... for good.
no players alive
The Autumn woods
I need God to allow the people that have passed in my life to come see me for just a couple minutes, I’m hurting
My plan was to run in high school, but now my ankle doesn’t work
Project: CRYCLE Chapter 1
I work at a private museum for the rich and famous. One horrifying exhibition made me quit.
There's a library in my forest Part 1
Pavlov's Man
Have You Ever Experienced a Glitch In The Matrix ?
Have You Ever Experienced a Glitch In The Matrix ? Tell me your story
The Thing In The Woods
Black
The Thing It The Woods
People are beginning to float in my town. Today, I found out why.
I live in a small mining town in the mountains of Colorado. Someone is building a massive casino nearby, Pictures Included
Needing help I’m a bit sleepy
Anyone else played the break in game ?
The Autumn woods.
they know im here now
I'm the wife...someone is living in my house
It knows you're here
My mailman is becoming overwhelmingly obsessed with me
Someone is following me...
I'm the wife but I have a problem...
I Used to be A Social Worker, Now I’m in Prison
Hachishakusama has come to South Korea (Part 2)
Roxas Hall
Hachishakusama has come to South Korea (Part 2)
I honestly don’t know if this sub is full of fake or true stories, but my experience belongs here
False Prophet Levitating on Highway 10
The Barn
SANDWICH RITUAL (beware)
The panda doll my late grandma gave me
"Your free trial to life has ended."
Someone's Been Following Me
The Half Priced Voodoo Store is Reopening (Part 2)
Hunt
BirthDAY
Help
I adopted an adorable orphan, but something is very wrong with him. Now the orphanage is dodging my phone calls.
Sweage
The Baptized Demon
I’m a cop and everyone is pretending like my case from 15 years ago never happened
I Found A Lost Balloon On A Backwoods Road
Black Site 7
I Digitally-Cloned Myself, And Tortured Him
EMILY’S COMPUTER DIARY!!!
I maDE A NEW FRIEND!!!
Hank Elkins was executed for murdering my family. Now, his ghost haunts my house, and I’m afraid I’m next.
Look what you made me do(TRUE) I just avoided being robbed by armed thieves because my room is a complete disaster and I'm so grateful to it
Up In The Yukon
I got High Last Night, and Now I Have to Warn You All
The two raps that will blow everybody away...
Near Death Experience (Content Warning: Depression, Self Harm, Suicidal Feelings)
The world has gone downhill hasn't it?
A Shadow In The Glow (Part One)
I was sent to receive a distress call from Watchtower 1, what I've seen there has haunted me for life.
Losing the family dog seemed like the worst thing that could have happened... little did I know that his return would actually be.
I Thought I Was Imagining The Noises Outside My Window, Until I Saw The Tracks in The Snow
The Science of Spirits: My husband passed away when we were just starting our lives, and I couldn't accept that he was gone. As a scientist, I decided simply not to. Part 2.
How can I get my Imaginary Friend to Stop Crying?
A Hollow
The Last Time I Ever Saw My Brother
I am a security guard at a hospital. Something tried to kill me (part 1)
In the span of 20 years, I died twice. [Part 3]
I think I made a mistake with my most recent online purchase...
He Should've Stayed
He Should've Stayed (NSFW: Abuse)
My neighbor has been digging a hole in his backyard. It's starting to drive me crazy.
Need answers
There is a mirror affixed to the bottom of my local pool, but I think there might be more to it than meets the eye...
I used to be an urban explorer, but the catacombs changed that...
I’m writing to you from an alternate dimension after entering a black hole. Here’s the backstory.
The amusement park I work at has strange rules.
The Slide
I’ve lost my grip on reality
I stopped at a little chocolate shop on the side of the road. I found something horrible inside
The Science of Spirits: My husband passed away when we were just starting our lives, and I couldn't accept that he was gone. As a scientist, I decided simply not to. Part 2.
Do you want to face a sociopath?
I fell off the wagon after nearly five years, and things have gotten really weird.
I’ve lost my grip on reality
Hell's High School
Witnessing my first Exorcism did.... not go so well..
I was a Lumberjack when I realized that some trees aren't what they seem.
My First Exorcism went.. Not so well.
How to sleep well
I work at Area 51, and we are in trouble. PART 1
We were failed musicians. Then we learned a dark ritual that made us famous again. (Part 2)
I’ve lost my grip on reality
I'm stuck in 2020.
Threading The Needle
The Knockers
PRAY (Part 1)
Threading The Needle
My program at the university has a strange set of rules that we students must follow [Final]
The Stretched People of Appalachia
They had abyssal eyes, and they spoke my name.
The Missing Souls
I Just Bought My First House
When Dad asked if I wanted to go hunting, I thought he meant for deer.
I hired a hitman on myself
Grief
I "restore" souls. One of them turned out to need more work than the others.
The Last Ride Of Roy Wilson (Part 1)
The Backwoods Of Somerset Part Two
The Big Momma movies are haunted
Have you ever wondered where disappearing items go? (part 1)
Have you ever wondered where disappearing items go? (part 1/3)
Moving on after the death of my wife and daughter seemed impossible, but I’ve found something that took all the pain away
Moving on after the death of my wife and daughter seemed impossible, but I’ve found something that took all the pain away
I heard strange noises inside and outside, now I’m playing some sick game. (Part 3)
If you see a structure in the woods, leave it alone.
Mcgregor vs Poirier 2
The Great Numbness
I killed the only person I ever truly loved...
I never want a birthday cake on my birthday ever again
I never want a birthday cake on my birthday ever again
My grandma's panda doll
What we found in the woods.
Can't sleep
The footsteps outside my door.
The Old Sycamore
I'm writing to you from an alternate dimension after entering a black hole. Here's what happened.
If you ever see a single red eye at 3 in the morning, just go back to sleep...
Afraid to sleep
How to escape a shit-storm while winter camping - Conclusion
the spirits of the earth
Where did they go
Looking Down and Seeing Angels
I had a stalker for 10 years
The story of the cracking statue.
I’m Terrified Of Jar Jar Binks
The Barents Sea is worse than you can possibly imagine (part 2)
When was the last time you went to a library?
The mystery man who’s entire existence is shrouded in mystery
Where The Butterflies Dance (Part 1)
The mystery man who’s existence is shrouded in mystery
The mysterious man who’s existence is shrouded in mystery
1993 - 1/2
Tesla Car Log
has anyone seen the lost episode of peppa pig
The well
Silver Stream Retirement
The Sphere
I'm a Marine Biologist Studying Blue Whales in the Pacific Ocean... They Are Not The Largest Animal in the World
I discovered my worst fear at my husbands funeral
The Island Sky
That does the trick
POOLJUNKIEdo u want a high quality pod narrating ppl’s scary stories?
Don't Fall Asleep
4 Hands
Randy Huffman
I Investigate Disturbing Cases: Here Are My Stories - The Tall Woman
I've built a tiny house in the wilderness, but something doesn't want me there [Part 2]
We were hired to attack a base in russia
Christine's Demon- The Evil Things
[Part One] There's a woman outside of my window
I collect Bootleg Media as a hobby. I have more interesting finds.
The Forbidden Feast
The Forbidden Feast
I brutally murdered a child when I was 15
I am a village veterinarian. Last week I saw a dog die and come back to life.
"Soulless Ones"
Some Friends and I Took the Job of Night Security for Our Local Mall. We Found a Set of Rules That are Going to Get Us Killed. (Finale)
It is always a Usual Day
Something wants me dead, and I think I'm out of time.
The Science of Spirits: My husband passed away when we were just starting our lives, and I couldn't accept that he was gone. As a scientist, I decided simply not to. Part 3.
The Science of Spirits: My husband passed away when we were just starting our lives, and I couldn't accept that he was gone. As a scientist, I decided simply not to. Part 2.
Christine's Demon- Beginning of the evil things
The Science of Spirits: My husband passed away when we were just starting our lives, and I couldn't accept that he was gone. As a scientist, I decided simply not to. Part 1.
How I melted down Death
The Great Exchange
I live in my dead mothers house
Flash Frozen Town
Christine's Demon-How evil things started (part 1)
The Strange Town of Smaltowne, Q.S.A.
The Five Little Mannequins
A Beautiful Sea View
June tompson: age 23/ Time of death 8:24 am April 2nd 2007
Someone Rescue Me From the Crimson Hotel...
my mother has choke slammed me against the couch
I've always loved having a super power. Until now. [Part 1]
Woke up to the sounds of shoveling.
Outside the window
BIRDS IN FOREST | Singing Birds 1 Hour
The Five Little Mannequins
eh
The Five Little Mannequins
Emotional Dave
There Are Things You Shouldn't Mock.
I traveled back in time to a decade that doesn't exist. Transportation is illegal except for the rich.
My Imaginary Friend Won't Stop Crying
The thing that holds me down...
I brought my daughter at the park, and something really creepy happened.
I don’t know how you’ll receive this message, but you need to wake up. (Part 2)
I had a nightmare and I need to talk about it
I brought my daughter at the park, and something really creepy happened.
I keep having dreams about future events
Weird life looping experience
Lemme get more specific about the mirror game, this is the mirror game (part 2)
The Visitor
The mirror game part 2
I looked outside the window in the middle of my flight and all I could see was black static
The distress call from Watchtower 1.
The distress call from Watchtower 1.
Noisy pedestrians at night
Theodor Herzl #3552
Theodor Herzl #3552
Something keeps knocking at my door
I've waited 31 days, as is proper.
My encounter with a shooting.
I've waited 31 days, as is proper.
Never Go Looking for Urban Legends
My boyfriend is acting strange... Part 1: The Backstory
The Violinist: My new neighbor hasn't stopped playing the violin since he moved in three weeks ago. Now spooky things are happening.
Ratman
The Beast of the Trees
I read a book that actually transports you to another world.
I keep having dreams about a girl who went missing from my highschool.
DONT PLAY THIS GAME!
NEED HELP! EYE IN HAND. SEES ALL. KNOWS ALL. JUDGES MAN
Como Steve Bannon e um bilionário chinês criaram uma sensação de direita na mídia com o coronavírus
I'm a Zoologist and I've Found Something Strange- The Final Chapter.
Don't go on night walks.
I used to love hiking.
I finally saw what pulls my blanket.
O, Mother Mine!
The mirror game
Sewer
Hm.... That's weird
O, Mother Mine!
Sewer
In the span of 20 years, I died twice. [Part 2]
Sewer
I bought a new house and since the first time i slept in, i can't really sleep.
Winter Camping with Wendigos
Sewer
The House Rules
I bought a new house, and since the first time, i slept in, i can't sleep.
The Half Priced Voodoo Store is Reopening (Part 1)
poop stink
poop stink
poop stink
Hello, my name is Joshua Monroe and I'm a paranormal attack survivor.
I did something terrible and I have no choice but to go into the black hole.
The bloodstained antler in the woods
It felt so good to kill her
My Encounter With A Demon From HellThe Barents Sea is worse than you could possibly imagine (3, final)
The Barents Sea is worse than you can possibly imagine (2)
An encounter with a homeless woman changed my life.
Do not go fishing in the Barents Sea, it's worse than you could possibly imagine
Look at me
They say if you dream something multiple times, it is sure to come true...
Beyond the wall
My Job Is To Hunt The Eldritch Horrors Of This World (Part One)
The Moonlight Society (Part 1)
Serial Killer Subreddit
Rural towns
I don't know if I killed her
I have found a locked up man in an abandoned basement
Wanna go for a Ride?
I have found a locked up man in an abandoned basement.
I'm a guide for big game monster hunts (Part 1)
The Haunted Toddler
I worked at an abnormal sleep lab in college. These are my notes. Part: Subject C
I have found a locked up man in an abandoned basement
I'm being haunted by a murder that I didn't commit
I broke into my crushes house, and now I'm scared of her
1 January 2020
Love Letters, All Consuming.
I found a locked up man in a basement
The Haunted Toddler
When I was 4-6 years old, I had paranormal experiences
I run a psychic service. My most recent client brought in something that horrified me
tying up sorrow
My city now has a superhero...so why are people terrified?
I, a sociopath, intimidate a totally false 'psychopath'.
I am never going back into the woods again!
My family has a strange secret. I have a great-aunt who is a baby
Brittlebones [True]
Brittle Bones [True]
Brittle Bones (True)
Brittle Bones (Fiction)
The experiment
Mags is Missing.
I wish there were ghosts here...
My program at the university has a strange set of rules that we students must follow [Part 3]
Honestly I hate my roommate
Brittlebones (Obviously Fictional)
I heard strange noises outside and inside, now I’m playing some sick game. (Part 2)
Phasmophobia
Brittle Bones (revised)
Why does everything become bigger and I feel like I’m out of my body?
case 2951 part 1
The experiment
An eerie neoclassical vegan beauty store stole my little sister [Part 1]
There Are People Hiding in My House
i yelled out to my mum and a voice outside my window replied to me
There are People Hiding in My House
My weird apartment complex
I seem to be walking around in circles
Grandpa Doesn't Sleep
Don't stay in the dark.
I heard strange noises outside and inside, now I’m playing some sick game. (Part 2, Game 1)
The arrival of the bird meant danger.
Brittle Bones
The results from my DNA Genealogy Test shattered everything I thought I knew about my life.
"Ghosts Aren't Real," I said.
Happy 420
Hey, it's a living.
Them
The Dark
Hey, it's a living.
Ghost experience when I was younger...
Ghost experience when I was younger...
I'm not an incest baby. I'm something...far worse!
Every now and then I feel like I’m being watched.
Don't touch my dog
Don't touch my dog.
Some of them can't even walk yet
I'm a Correctional Lieutenant, and these are my stories. (Part 2!)
DERELICT, a Kirche File (Part Four)
liquid glass
I collect Bootleg Media as a hobby, though sometimes I wonder why.
I once interned for a tech company, now I'm running for my life.
You come home as you would everyday
I’ll never visit the woods of northern Alaska again
My apartment was the cheapest rental in the city. Today I found out why
In need of a story I once read.
Seeking a story I once read.
Village Rules
I was contracted to help conceal a UFO crash. (Part 7)
Looking for an old story
I Love the Water
Lucid dream. Couldn't sleep afterwards.
Are any of you awake
Are any of you awake
Have you ever been in a cult?
Open Cat
The Middleman
Don’t look at the lights.
The jungle I was in gave me some terrifying memories, and some secrets I wish I didn't know.
I’m so, so, sorry... written by- U/LoganR7Y
The Climax Bird
Mulch Man
In the span of 20 years, I died twice.
Winter Camping isn't for WeebelosConfessions from a Place Called Smaltowne, Q.S.A.
Mags is Missing.
Confessions from a Place Called Smaltowne, Q.S.A.
There’s things outside. I don’t know if I can take this anymore
There’s things outside. I don’t know if I can take this anymore...
I’m so, so, sorry... written by-LoganR7Y
On open house day at our new college, my friend Diana fell through the floor and saw something indescribable. I don’t think I’m safe.
I found never before seen footage of the first plane hitting the twin towers.
I found footage of the first plane hitting the twin towers (better than the footage from that firefighter documentary that was being filmed and is the only known footage), and I don't know what to do with it.
The Emerald Orchid - Creepypasta
The jungle I was stuck in gave me horrifying memories, and some secrets I wish I didn't know.
Grandmama's Closet.
Conversation With a Stranger
Should've never left my bed [Part 2]
Help.
BE WARY OF THE STREET PERFORMERS IN LEICESTER SQUARE, LONDON, UK.
Should've never left my bed (Part 2 of 3)
The 9 legends of Rance's Avenue: Part IV - Who's the victim now?
I do not look at the stars.
Please don't cry
Starling
Small Stories From Smaltowne, Q.S.A.
Cometh the Ice-Man.
What are some of the scariest/best websites relating to the topic of this Subreddit? Websites with recent events, videos, articles? I just heard a really blood chilling story which made me really interested in more such stories/articles/material
The jungle I was stuck in has some unpleasant secrets, and some memories I'd rather forget.
Rules at my school
The man in my mirror
My strange apartment complex
My strange apartment complex
I've built a tiny house in the wilderness, but something doesn't want me there
A message from below
Sisterhood (Part 2)
My job has dangerous side effects.
I'm a Marine. Bootcamp sucked.
A problem with society, which raised questions around me.
I've been sober for nearly five years, but I fell off the wagon.
I agreed to have sex for money. Weird things have been happening ever since.
Who Was It?
Sisterformative Metamorphosis
There’s things outside. I don’t know if I can take this anymore...
I'm a Zoologist and I've Found Something Strange- The Final Chapter.
I collect Bootleg media as a hobby, though sometimes I question why.
The Child Of Chernobyl.
Hello everybody!
The Dark Figure
Confessions of a Belfast cop - part 2
Confessions of a Belfast cop - part 1
My program at the university has a strange set of rules that we students must follow [Part 2]
Today was scary
I heard strange noises inside and outside, now I’m playing some sick game.
Late Night Lavender Town
Both Of You
I don’t know how you’ll receive this message, but you need to wake up.
The Shadow on the Window
I am a Detective, and I have discovered something strange.
The Longest Winter
I have been investigating the murder of 4 people. I think I found something more scarier.
Winter War
I worked for a secret space program. We’ve been tasked to go to the moon
Home Town Horror Stories
The Mystery of The Trembley Murder
I dug too deep into my own psyche, I now wish I hadn't.
I heard strange noises outside and inside, now I’m playing some sick game.
Please read this if you dedicate your life to stealing. It might save you.
My Uber Driver Had some Strange Demands
A strange shade
I just want to make you happy. But women around me keep dying. (Part 9)
a little tale from my country.
do not tell yourself what you are going to do the next day before you sleep! i learnt it the hard way
The Island
The last departure, The man in the middle
The last departure, the man in the middle.
Some one stole my laugh
I May Have Just Had My Frist Night Terror
I'm a Zoologist and I've Found Something Strange - Part III
Donor
The Void
The Void
Let Me Weave You a Tale - Wanna Go For a Ride?
The Stormwalkers Gaze
Creepy REAL stories
If You See a Woman Walking in Pajamas on a Snowy Night, Turn a Different Direction
What I saw and heard 11 years ago wasn't my missing grandma
The Void
The Void
I collect bootleg media as a hobby, with some interesting finds.
Last week my cat Roger started talking to me; he told me to kill the dog
The Void
The Void
I met a strange woman at the apartment's elevator last night
I Met God In An Interrogation Room
Broken Mind
That hideous smell..
NO ONE LEAVES THE VILLAGE AT NIGHT, I FINALLY KNOW WHY
A Winter Drive
I'm a Correctional Lieutenant, and these are my stories.
How to Survive Camping - Rule #13: the last rule
Penpal
Wistella, the Human Doll
I'm clearing out REDACTED...It's not as abandoned as they thinkComo Steve Bannon e um bilionário chinês criaram uma sensação de direita na mídia com o coronavírus
The Grocery Store from Hell
Let me weave you a tale - I have so many experiences that I don't know when and where to start - so read what I have to say and ask away.
Tons of people went to investigate the wreck. They all came back acting different.
I'm clearing out (REDACTED)...it's not as abandoned as they think
Who’s up right now? 12:18 here xx
Mentally Unprepared, Horrifically Scarred
Mentally Unprepared, Horrifically Scarred (Part 1/2)
I took my scout troop up north to earn their winter camping badges. I'm not sure what I'm going to tell their parents...
I'm still stuck in this jungle, another one of my friends is dead, and a new friend revealed a secret I really wish I didn't know.
2021 is starting off way worse than 2020 by far...
The Sabraton Serpent (I saw the birth of a local legend)
I think my rapist is stalking me
I think my work IT guy might be a psychopath
The earthquake in Croatia woke something up
I should have known better when it started happening at 3 a.m.
Three Shootings
I think I have a bit of a problem. I like pain. No I’m lying. I love pain.
I'm still stuck in a jungle, another one of my friends is dead, and a new friend(?) of mine just revealed a secret I'd rather not know.
Something has been following me...
Veins aren't supposed to move like this.
Possessed
One Must Feel
Something crawled in my ear while I was sleeping last night.
A surprise Birthday party is just a click away
I’m not afraid of the dark. I’m afraid of what’s in it.
The Short Film
What I Saw On The Other Side Of Space And Reality
Last week I started having nightmares. Now I need help.
Strozzapreti: Part 1
Im stuck in a house that i cannot exit.
My friend and I made up an elevator game once
Cursed Tapes and How to Avoid Them Part 3: Tubes Demonstration 1
Ruining The Elevator Game
It's watching
Ruining The Elevator Game
MESSAGE INTERCEPTED; PLEASE READ
ERROR; MESSAGE INTERCEPTED
my neighbor is mentally ill 0_0 #1
My program at the university has a strange set of rules that we students must follow [Part 1]
I’m pretty sure the cast of my favourite TV show are dead, and they’re under my best friend’s Christmas tree.
I uploaded my dying father's consciousness onto a computer. Everything was going great, until the blackout.
Yes, Iggy?
NON-FICTION What I know about the "haunted" house near me.
[NON-FICTION] What I know about the "haunted" house near me.
It..it was my shadow?
Was the military using me as a Guinea Pig on New Years Eve?
We were failed musicians. Then we learned a dark ritual that made us famous again. (Part 1)
I peered into the nothingness, and it peered back.
Red Rosie
I live in a small town in Northern Maine; something strange has started coming out of the ocean.
Aunt Ninna's House
The “Foreign Object” Virus
I’m a coroner who just left my shift early. 2021 is off to a horrifying start.
The Orb in the Conference Room
The orange of the street lamps did not so much shine as they did bleed through the foggy haze of that mid-winter morn.
Childhood Story @ 5 AM on a Saturday
House #28
I'm not hungry anymore.
My brother is missing and I don’t know if it’s my fault.
There’s something in these woods
I work at a local store in a small town. It's a little strange here. (PART 1)
Apex legends horror story part 2
Apex legends horror story part 1
Apex legends horror story part 2
Apex legends horror story part 1
AITA: Is it my fault my brother is missing?
The Blessing
Grave in my Drawing-room
Notes in The Dark
Hic Sunt Monstrum
I'm being hunted down by my own government
Book 1:The Doctor
Can’t sleep
Scrape.
I wish I didn’t get in my coworkers car
Something used to live in my grandmother's closet. I still don't know what he was.
Never play this game. I did and this is what happened to me.
Into the Woods
Eyes On Me
I went on a walk and now I’m in a different dimension.
The Burden: CabinView
My grandmother's secrets
What i saw on my dead uncle's farm changet my life...
I just want to make you happy. But women around me keep dying. (Part 8)
My grandmother's secrets
Im an old farmer and going to my now dead uncles farm was a wrong move
Every person my roommate brings back home disappears. I don't think I'm safe.
Did anyone see emergency broadcast last night?
What’s wrong with grandma?
swing
True Scary Story About My UberEats Pizza Delivery
swing
"Every day, I pass by the same homeless man who rattles the same cup at me, and every day, I drop a few coins in it. He terrifies me. What happens when I forget?"
Every time the ball drops, 2021 starts over again. And I’m the only one who remembers.
The Skinwalker
My girlfriend and I went to visit this place called "Death Manor." We want to be the first people to make it out of there alive. Part 5.
The Wind is Wailing and Moaning Again, I Think Something's Awful is About to Happen Again
Weird right
I may be losing my mind, but I think my neighbour tried to kill me...i can hear everything one year into the future
2021 is worse than 2020 trust me
My fear of mirrors proved true.
Raccoons
Shapeshifters
My brother's twentieth birthday party is the last one I'll ever attend.
Masked man
I'm a cinema usher. We have some strange rules [Final]
Amandaishere.jpg
Blackout Diary: I found drunk diary entries I know I didn't write. I video-recorded myself drinking, and the footage scared me sober.
Amandaishere.jpg
My city has been cut off from the world and overrun with monsters. I have a set of rules to stay alive. Ignoring Rule #5 and being a raging dumbass almost got me killed. Like, more than usual
I responded to an online classified ad. What I got was a lot more than I bargained for.
I Was Trapped In A Phone Booth
I played a Ouija board at my job
Amandaishere.jpg
Trudy's eggs
Never go to the Forest during Sundown
Never go to the Forest During Sundown
DONT TALK TO THE MIXRACED KID
I'm spitting out teeth that aren't mine
I Was Trapped In A Phone Booth
I Am A High School Teacher and Had to Stay Late At School
i can hear everything one year into the future
I Was Trapped In A Phone Booth (Grand Jester YouTube Channel)
I watched a tape of my fourth birthday. Now my life is starting to crumble.
Ran over a puppy
I'm stuck in a jungle for my birthday, one of my friends is dead, and I really think I need help.
The Lake Has Eyes.
pls help me
Happy New Year from Fran Hart's Fabulous Frocks and Happy Haberdashery!!
I Awoke to a Stranger in My Bedroom
Please help me
I awoke to a stranger in my bedroom
The Girl in the Window
the last departure, i asked my boss what the worst thing was that ever happened on a trip
If 2020 wasn’t scary enough, here’s a creepy story to start off the New Year!
If you ever think that fantasizing about something couldn’t become real, you’re wrong.
I have built the world's tallest Skyscraper for reasons I cannot properly explain in ways that sound normal.
I ignored the warnings about the stairs in the woods (part 3)
If you see a sickly boy in a blue hoodie, please contact me immediately. Your life depends on it.
The Blacknickel Guide to Famous Landmarks: The Thing on the Greenwich Steps (Part One)
Have you seen the Cat People?
Possessed
Knock Knock Knock
ResolutionSolutions
If you want to make God laugh...
For The Thrills
hi
The death metal band I opened for on NYE actually lived up to their name: MURDER
My dead friend
My dead friend
Diving for Coral
The Power of a Name
I was at school during the start of a pandemic. This one was worse. Part 5
Never work the night shift
Across The Street
I was at school during the start of a pandemic. This one was worse. Part 5
Somebody has been mailing me vases filled with ashes
Creepypasta video
Boyfriend
My father saw something in the desert
New years drive
The Devil You Know
Could a ghost save you?
Somebody has been mailing me vases filled with ashes.
I left a Yelp review for my doctor and now I'm worried [Part 5]
help
The Hallway Hicker (Part 1)
Tales From The Cemetery Part 3
The Hallway Hickler Part 1
help
Stranger In The Dark
A demon is trying to harm me... Help.
I DON’T THINK THIS IS A NORMAL NEW YEARS
Stranger In The Night
A demon is trying to harm me... ( Unfortunately, True story)
MY 68-YEAR-OLD RETIRED PORTLAND'S ARE LIEUTENANT WHO'S NOW INCARCERATED HAS COVID HELP WHAT DO I DO TO SAVE HIS LIFE?
View of Birches
The End Of All Things - Chapter 2: Dear Agony
The Candle Maker
Traumatizing Experience on the Deep Web
Waiting
The mirror
The Candle Maker
Somebody has been mailing me vases filled with ashes.
i farted and shitted.
Murder in the graveyard?
The cast of my favourite TV show are sitting under my best friend's Christmas tree. I don't think they're alive anymore.
The Encounter
I can hear everything one year into the future
It's 32nd December today.
The cast of my favourite TV show are sitting under my best friend's Christmas tree. I don't think they're alive anymore.
Jim Rothers’s Fantastic Frozen Farm
playtime
Fuck 2020
playtime
The house of my childhood
(My first horror story :) )If you see a pale old man limping on the side of the road with ragged clothes and a suitcase while walking on the side-walk, Hide, He’s faster than you think
I went into the nearby isolated jungle, and now I'm in a cave with one of my friends dead. I think I need some help.como interpretar tus sueños
Have you ever seen the Black Sun?
The Tunnel
There’s Something Wrong in Cambridge, Ohio
I swam to the edge of a pool and fell off the face of the earth.
We are trapped in an underwater facility surrounded by the mist. Atlantis is real and it is not what you think it is.
The Warning
The Unveiling
The unveiling
The unveiling (Part 4)
The Unveiling (Part 3)
The Unveiling (Part 2)
The Unveiling (Part.1)
The Unvailing
The End of the World began with the Perfect Crime
I know you’ll help.
Do I call the police? Please help
08/01/2008
Non-germane amendment. I may have just found a way to bypass Mitch for the $2,000 stimulus checks. Read definition.
I was asked to share my story in an interview, so I did. That story is how a simple dare turned into a night from Hell
i am an internet addict, and this happened to me.
I momentarily lost myself in the mountains.
I’m still not sure how to process this...
I momentarily lost myself in the mountains.
Artificial Intelligence in our daily life. Check out the article and provide feedback to improve it.
Artificial Intelligence in our daily life. Check out the article and provide feedback to improve it.
Never not trust your instincts
There is a man in my room who sings me a lullaby every night. He doesn't want me to wake up.
A man sings me a lullaby every night. I don't think he wants me to wake up.
I Wish I Could Tell You
There’s something in shadows and I think it’s coming for me.
I'm a Zoologist and I Found Something Strange - Part II
So why's this subreddit filled with non horror stories?
I bought my son a best friend. Now I wish they never met.
If Someone Asks You to Play a New Ghost Hunting Game, Ignore Them.
This man sings me a lullaby every night. I don't think he wants me to wake up.
STARVING DOG
I'm Schizophrenic, but I think my dreams are a peek into another reality/The dream log of a Schizophrenic
Tales of the Okefenokee
A man claimed to know the secret of God, and my boss wanted to hear it. Things went rather poorly.
Maybe life shouldn't always find a way.
I wish monsters would reveal themselves
The Swamp Rex
I haven't touched my shotgun for years. Last week, I found it on my desk.
I left a Yelp review for my doctor and now I'm worried [Part 4]
Trying to remember a qoute i can't seem to remember...
The devils hour
I come from another universe, and I’m here to warn you.
Which medical journals (among Pubmed) offer free article submission?
the things that walk me through life
The Behemoth
Infectious smile
afsasdffffffff
I work at a hospital that can wake comatose patients by injection, but there is horrifying consequences
the things that walk me through life
I awaken to my four year old watching me from the foot of my bed
His last secret - final (Part 10)
I awaken to my four year old watching me from the foot of my bed, "Honey what are you doing" I suddenly remembered she's at her dad's house
Something happened to my brother (1)
The fate of my son lies with a twisted game; and every Christmas, I am duty-bound to play it. [FINAL]
The Soul Channel
Camp Bucca
If you see a sickly boy in a blue hoodie, please contact me immediately. It's a matter of life and death.
I ignored the warnings about the stairs in the woods (part 3)
I'm a cinema usher. We have some strange rules. [Part 3]
Relaxing music
His cheating drove me to attempt suicide
Am I evil?
The Agency Wants To Take My Adoptive Daughter Back
I work at an underground zoo for cryptids (pt 2)
I ignored the warnings about the stairs in the woods (part 2)
Winged Demon I seek
I Hunt Something?
I work at an underground zoo for cryptids (pt 2.)
The Lights At My House
I am Stuck Astral Projecting
Freshly Killed
I'm making a small Narrating YT channel and I'd like anyone to send or comment stories or links to stories( I will credit the authors in the video and description)
Hello there..
Green Lake - PLACEHOLDER [PART 3]
The Life That Flashes
Candy Cane Lane
I’m on a task force we’ve been assigned something unexplainable
Thank you for the great stories
The Clock Stopped
Thank you for the great scary stories
I saw the rake
The zombies part 1
the white lady
I woke up with a EYE in the middle of my HAND, it is judging me and causing me pain and horror. need help. to get rid of eye...
Daisy and Joy
The Thing in the Shed
A cake with perfectly black frosting can be your demise
Why I quit my job as a hitman
I doomed you all to the Apocalypse. I am not sorry.
Last week my neighbor’s apartment was sealed shut. There is something terrible going on inside.
My story came to life.
The abode and the gentleman's crooked smile
I Let a Star Control My Dreams. I Don't Know How To Make It Stop (Part 1)
This Ukrainian ghost town wasn't as abandoned as I thought...i had the most bizarre dream i ever had (NSFW)? (original story)
I Hunt -Data Missing-
I'm an insomniac with missing memories. Recently I started to piece them all together and they revealed a traumatic childhood event.
How does an African American woman, from the lower 48, mysteriously learn how to Hula dance?
My daughter takes care of business every night.
𝒇𝒂𝒎𝒊𝒍𝒚
I have a crazy ex and I think he's still stalking me.
The Hallway Light
I think my neighbor murdered his family.
I'm running as fast as I can..
R.I.P. The Office
My friend was being drained of his life force by a succubus
My freezer steals my weed which is bad but it also eats people, which is worse.
It started with the cows across the street.
The newest Knight (part 1)
The thing in the shed
Monster Mercenary
Series: I talked to my daughter about the Christmas carol. It got weird. Then weirder.
If you ever get a song stuck in your head, ask yourself where it came from
Guardian Angel or demon
If you ever get a song stuck in your head, ask yourself where it came from
An old TV played the outcome of the choices I didn't make.
A brief moment
A Dark Cloud Follows Me
A brief moment
I Hunt -Data Missing-
I Hunt [Data Missing]
A Kiss in the Dark
High doses of Ketamine can lead to derealisation and ego death.
The Hunt
Hell Happened
I left a Yelp review for my doctor and now I'm worried [Part 3]
My sister was acting strange
my sister is missing, and only my cat knows where she is.
A cathode TV played the outcome of my the choices i didn't choose.
Paper airplanes started appearing all over town. Soon we're all going to die.
I've cataloged exactly what I remember. Is anyone out there? Am I talking to myself?
The long-legged beast of the Magura Forest
Try to die with open eyes
Which one wins?
Denial
A new shop came into town. At first it was beautiful, but now I'm fighting for my life.
November 2020 Voting Thread
I thought I hit a deer
The Night In Question
Same thing happening to me
I feel alive again (Part 1)
My Uncle's Estate [Part 2]
I was sent to investigate an abandoned house.
A Nightmare's Touch
My name is Doctor Josiah Eversteen, and I was chosen for the first Brain Transplant. (Part One)
Sisterhood (Part 1)
Sisterhood (Part 1)
Sisterhood (Part 1 of 4)
What I Sacrificed for Acceptance.
Sisterhood (1/4)
Sleep Cycle Changes?
Sophia's Body
My best friend and I found a strange corpse in the forest (Part 3)
Mr. Reynolds
An Old Lady from the 80's.
The Hugger
We Knew Something was Wrong When the Trees Began to Move
A quaint little town in South India.
The Roblox Tower OF Hell Accident
The Roblox Tower Of Hell Accident
My Sister Disappeared Three Years Ago. I Regret Facing the Culprit Last Night.
I’m on a task force and we’ve been assigned something unexplainable
The Hugger
House of Nightmares
I am used to late night visitors, but this one gave me the chills. FINAL
Sisterhood (1/4)
getting your full UK driving license online
I started using an app to track my sleep, and now I'll never eat cinnamon toast again.
I thought I would be in prison for life. I never knew I would be released.
I stayed in an old castle during my study abroad trip. My visit was mostly normal, except for the legend of the Singing Woman.
My Friend and Her Strength (Part 2)
A nightmare I cant get out of my head
Gozers ik probeer te bestellen op onion aka Darkweb. Maar het f@#$ing lukt niet. Alles geprobeerd dus alles maar ik krijg het niet voor elkaar zowel niet in de onion browser als OS. HELP ik heb sl-pl nodig.
A Devil of their own
Father's Instincts
I'm new to this and thought to right my own,plz tell if its somewhat interesting and should i finish it (The story isn't finished)
Stippy.
My daughter had a stalker
Right now
Michael Wants Out-Revisiting
The Eyes
The story of how Parker's mom and dad met.
How to Survive Camping - the motherless
Bad Dog
Nickelodeon's Kids Choice awards - lost award
Time has stopped, but I’m aware of what happens when everything is frozen.
I wish I hadn't kept 2020 a secret and now I won't keep 2021 a secret either
I Don’t Know
My guardian angle was afraid of something
2020 is stuck on repeat
Somebody Broke Into My House
My Yokai Wife's Annoying Ex-Boyfriend is Trying to Kill Me (Part 10)
Have you ever seen the Grieving Angel?
The Tome: A hunger for your storySewed Eyes
My Last Hike
I keep hearing her name
Incongruent
I found an old typewriter in my childhood home’s attic. I should’ve left it alone.
Innocence
In my city, the bugbear comes every night
The White Bear - Part 1
I watched an interesting guy walk into my local "Dollar General" with an axe
The Old Gas Station Down The Street Isn’t A Gas Station, It’s A Slaughter House
Tales From the Cryptozoologist-Introduction
Nothing but Freedom
The time my holiday experiences followed me home
GAME OF LIFE
My sister saw a slender creature during our camping trip.
Why I will never own or use a VR headset ever again.
I left a Yelp review for my doctor and now I'm worried [Part 2]
I left a Yelp review for my doctor and now I'm worried [Part 2]
There's a tome that consumes its readers. She was it's last meal.
If the airport wasn’t so empty, I wouldn’t have paid attention to the wandering girl.
Below The Ice By Ptoughneigh623
Creative writing school field trip, sounds fun enough...
I Finally Got My Own Place
My girlfriend and I went to visit this place called "Death Manor." We want to be the first people to make it out of there alive. Part 4.
No Gabba Gabba
Everyday is a mirage
My friend was being drained of his life force by a succubus
I found a survival guide for 2021 in an old bookstore.
I'm a cinema usher. We have some strange rules [Part 2]
I got a new girlfriend. Something's terribly wrong with her
There is a Pool.
The moonlit woods are crawling with countless things unseen. They have seen me
Final Grin
Letting Go
It's the Twelve Nights between the years. I saw the Wild Hunt, talked to my dog and my hat was stolen by a ghost.
Journal
My friend was being drained of his essence by a succubus
Mr. Stretchy
The Tome: A hunger for your story
3 scary Christmas horror stories
The slender shadow
The Lady In The Closet
We Dived a Wreck in an Oxygen Minimum Zone, I Barely Made it Back.
"My deli doesnt pay me enough for this shit" entry 1: faceless freezer freak, and introduction to the seriese
"My deli doesnt pay me enough for this shit" entry 1 : "faceless freezer freak" and introduction
In normal circumstances, people use to call me "fat guy".
In normal circumstances people use to call me a "fat guy".
New year, new me
Como Steve Bannon e um bilionário chinês criaram uma sensação de direita na mídia com o coronavírus
The Cadacus [Part 1]
In normal circumstances, people choose calling me a "fat guy".
We stopped hanging out after that..
The Super Mario VR Prototype
I work at a drug testing facility and there is something wrong with the volunteers in Room 301
No sleep
I call them “The Insomniac”.
Last night I had a dream
If you become stranded on the Briarwood Bridge, stay in your car
case 1480
My neighbor made a bargain with winter. Then I followed in his footsteps.
New Year's Revolution
What is the most creepiest, most unsettling thing that has ever happened to you?
My journey through Hell
My grandparents had a room where the walls used to cry.
The Man Behind The Screen
If the airport wasn’t so empty, I wouldn’t have paid attention to the wandering girl.
Life in the mountains
The Infomercial [Part 2]
Room 211
i can’t believe this actually happened.
This happened about 5 minutes ago.
when i say this i am 100% serious and it actually happened...
Obscurity
Obscurity
The Beast Of Barronhouse Mountain.
We Knew Something was Wrong When the Trees Began to Move
I Think I'm In The Wrong Hospital pt. 2
Secret Sleepover
I used to work as a mall Santa, but one boy’s Christmas list made me quit. [Part 3] [FINAL]
The Petty Long Game
I used to work as a mall Santa, but one boy’s Christmas list made me quit. [Part 3] [FINAL]
I received the diary of a relative, I just saw something terrible because of it.
The Abandonment of Hope
Ding Dong Ditch
She Doesn’t Like People Going In There.
New Year, New Me
This is how I survived a serial killer last week. You'll never believe where he took me.
I rode an elevator to the thirteenth floor
Below The Ice
This is how I survived a serial killer. You won't believe where he took me...
There's something on my ceiling.
Raptured
I’m Moving My Stories Onto Another Site
the elevator game (Is not true)
I Thought I Was Imagining The Noises Outside My House, Until I Saw The Tracks In The Snow Part 2
I woke up with a gremlin in my bed. It had babies. Now, they're overtaking my house, and I don't know what to do with them.
There’s a strange music that comes up on my car stereo.
First post on this sub what do u guys think about it?
Someone ate my leftovers
I left a Yelp review for my doctor and now I'm worried [Part 1]I left a Yelp review for my doctor and now I'm worried (Part I)
Have you heard about spktr?
The music from my closet
The fate of my son lies with a twisted game; and every Christmas, I am duty-bound to play it. [Part 2]
Whats your favorite book to read when you cant sleep mine is harry potter and the goblet of fire
I found an order of service for my own funeral in the woods behind my house.
THE EMERALD TABLE : WHAT SECRETS DOES IT HIDE.
The Crematorium: I was abducted by a serial killer and taken to his crematorium.
THE EMERALD TABLET :WHAT SECRETS DOES IT HIDE (2020).
I'm a cinema usher. We have some strange rules.
Pig Transformation
Have you heard about spktr?
Oubliette - The time I found a man frozen, alone, in his own private hell.
Chant and it'll leave
I work in a nursing home. Something strange is happening to the residents...
I'm a Zoologist and I've Found Something Strange
How I saved Newfoundland from a Viking invasion, but nobody believes me.
2-in-1 Shorts
Should've never left my bed (Part 1)
I Thought I was Imagining The Noises Outside My House, Until I Saw the Tracks in The Snow Part 3
DEAD ZONE
I Thought I Was Imagining the Noises Outside My House, Until I Saw The Tracks in the SnowPart 2
The Stranger in my bed is my Wife
I Thought I Was Imagining The Noises Outside My House, Until I Saw The Tracks In The Snow
If you get a song stuck in your head, ask yourself where it came from
I Thought I Was Imagining The Noises Outside My House, Until I Saw The Tracks In The Snow
Something is pretending to be my brother
For the Love of Blood, For the Love of Bones
I Hunt Makers
My girlfriend and I went to visit this place called "Death Manor." We want to be the first people to make it out of there alive. Part 3.
Stories From The Chambers #1 part 1
Artificial intelligence in our daily life
Unknown number
Have you heard the story of Jam Jam The Ice Cream Man?
People keep asking me why my best friend and I don't talk anymore.
The Cabin on Fire Road
The Cabin on Fire Road
I see him everywhere I look.
creepy pasta authors!
I think X is an hourglass within my times tables and im being followed
My husband is dying. I hope.
Do Red Rooms really exist in the Dark Web ? Has anonye of you ever seen one or heard a true story of one or are they just myths?
Incident Report: January 21st - Smart Phone
My sister's baby has been talking to me.
Only 4 more children needed.
Brisco Co. is hiring in your local area! Click here for more details.
Brisco Co. is hiring in your local area! Click here for more details.
Brisco Co. is now hiring in your local area! Click here for more details.
The stranger said that I could keep the contents of the box if I could accurately describe them.
The Dancing Man??
Synchronicity Youth Camp [Part 1]
What's that dancing man scary story??
Update #3
The Truth of COVID-19
I am a police officer in a small town. I found a place where radios malfunction. (Part 1)
Trailer 2021
I picked up a hitchhiker on the back roads of Wyoming. His duffel bag of souvenirs smelled putrid.
The Funeral Pyre: Abducted by a Madman
I sadly don't feel safe living here anymore..
The Jail Break
Relationship
Have you heard the story of Jam Jam The Ice Cream Man?
Scraping
Good Fences Make Good Neighbours
Backyard forest P1
Please Stop
For Good Saint Nicks Sake
Please Stop
I'm haunted by a wraith who eats my flesh
Coffee Shop
My siblings are planning something
Blackfish 7
I’m a contestant in this year’s Miss World contest - there are some psycho bitches in this pageant ...
I Was Trapped In A Mall With No Exit
Someone has attached a horrible thing to my body and now everyone is conspiring to make me think I'm insane
Eight spiders a year.
Old Villa in the Czech republic
2 easy
The last babysitting job
I've created a hole to nowhere
The End of RiversRound
Cursed Tapes and How to Avoid Them Part 2: Human Coral
The Forest of Spirits (part one)
I wanna know what it's like on the inside of love
I received a strange figure in the mail and now I'm losing control of myself.
I found a social media account posting pictures of my kid...
The End of RiversRound
The Chemist - I'm on the phone with my girlfriend when she gets kidnapped, what happens next...
The Chemist
Am I normal?
There's something in the clouds
I met my dad for the first time, I wish I hadn't
ghost in my house (my story)
Act like they're real
Act like they're real
816 pnp 913 just need a fun woman M 24
Christmas Eve, I was a full-time hitwoman. Now, I'm officially retired.
My neighbor had air trapped in jars. Last night, I broke into his home to free it.
I adopted a wierd thing and i dont know what it is
The cast of my favourite TV show are sitting under my best friend's Christmas tree. I don't think they're here willingly.I work in a lamp store. Knock on wood, not on glass.
I was late to the trip.
You slowly open your eyes...
Hámzâ calls
The Skinwalker
You slowly open your eyes...
P.A.N.E. [Part 4] A Cyborg, a Siren, and a Secret.
Organist who kept playing the organ after his death
My girlfriend and I went to visit this place called "Death Manor." We want to be the first people to make it out of there alive. Part 2.
SML episode : Cody Finally snaps
My girlfriend and I went to visit this place called "Death Manor." We want to be the first people to make it out of there alive.
2 easy
Forget "Elf on a Shelf", my parents bought "Krampus on the Mantle"
Weird Headphone Noises
Weird Headphone Noises
2 easy
2 easy (Gruesome)
Contemplating on life
Contemplating on life
I've discovered secrets meant to stay buried, and I'm afraid in the process of digging, I've found my own grave [Pt. 5]
I've discovered secrets meant to stay buried, and I'm afraid in the process of digging, I've found my own grave. (Part five finale)
I've discovered secrets meant to stay buried, and I fear in the process of digging, I've found my own grave {Part 5, finale}
Sleep Paralysis Demon Sent Me to ER(true story)
The Stars are Beautiful Tonight
The cast of my favourite TV show are sitting under my best friend’s Christmas tree. I can’t tell if they’re real or not.
Coffee Shop
I played the three kings game
My Family Christmas Dinner Was Worse Than Yours
I caught the attention of a creature in the forest, and now its in my house. [Part 2]
I Offered a Homeless Man Coffee, but He Asked Me Why
i went into the woods on a search and rescue mission. what i found was not human PT3
The Manager’s Office(Part One)
The Yule Lads Diary (part 5)
My day in Witch Dance
Im starting to think this is not a dream.
I Was Forced To See Through The Eyes Of A Murderous Man
The Golden Bough
XMAS FOLLY FOR JACK &amp; HOLLY : A CAUTIONARY TALE
Hotel Harry have you been there?
Mr. Inconvenience
I'M A TAXI DRIVER FOR SERIAL KILLERS AND OTHERWORLDLY BEINGS
My Boyfriend Showed Up On My Front Porch... He's Been Dead For A Year (Part 1)
Organist who couldn't stop playing the organ after death
Don't Eat Today's Special
A ghost from my childhood followed me to Thailand. I have no idea what it wants from me.
"I just had to have it!"
I managed to go through my mirror. The world on the other side is not the same
I'm Not a Big Fan of Christmas, and It Has to Do with an Alien Octapus
If you hear twelve drummers drumming late at night in the town of Angel Hills. Make sure you lock your doors.
My crew arrived in a nearby galaxy. What we saw could end us all.
Am I normal?
I watched my old home videos, this time, it showed something that horrifies me to this day
A Petition to Re-establish the Christmastime tradition of exchanging Ghost Stories- V- FINAL
The night Rudolph died
Dad is watching over me when I sleep, what should I do?
My Neighbors wanted me to dog sit for them. What I found in their Basement left me horrified.
Mysterious Flute Playing at Midnight
Mysterious Flute Playing at Midnight
I’ve spent Christmas alone for the past eight years. This year, I invited guests... but not the ones I wanted.
I was browsing for p but i found something else
What happens as the moonlight feeds
Does anyone know this song?
Who else got coal this Christmas?
Volume 1: The Stalker
Police of Reddit what was the most messed up thing you saw
The Australian Booter Rooter
The Lockdown job I accepted took a whole new turn [Part 2]
The Red Lighthouse (Part 2)
The Red Lighthouse [Part 2, FINALE]
The hearing my moms voices
My Son Waited Outside for Santa; Something Else Took Him Instead
A Cosmic Betrayal (Part 1)
I HUNT REVERSE WEREWOLVES
The Thing That Lingers
I received a strange figure that I think is trying to control me.
Santa Deniers Can't Deny This
I(18) saw my aunt(26) have an orgasm
My family went to Wichita for the weekend. But my son kept running through the hallway.
I’m a stalker and I got her face in her yard
I am a police officer in a small town, and I found a place where radios malfunction. [Part 1]
The Thing that Lingers
the latest and greatest advance in technology
Merry Christmas, Meatman
Late Night Fix
The Reign Deer
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The Yule Lads Diary (Part 4)
I have a question...
Tales From Windago. Part 2: Miss Bellerose's World Famous Stew!
Argue yourself to sleep
Why was the B-29 So bad ?
Deadly Familial Patterns
Tales From Windago. Part 2: Miss Bellerose's World Famous Stew!
Stay indoors
At my house, we left out more than cookies and milk on Christmas Eve
I think this is the worst Christmas of my life
Hotel Harry have you been there?
Hámzâ calls
I witnessed something in my apartment when I was home alone today and I am completely dumbfounded
Please help me beat him i can't sleep anymorePlease help me beat him i can't sleep
I talk in my sleep
The Manager's Office(Part One)
The State Pension
The Manager's Office(1/10): "Unfaithful"
My Uncle's Estate [Part 1]
I caught the attention of a creature in the forest, and now its in my house. [Part 1]
Did anyone else celebrate the anti-Christmas?
Last Christmas
I rehabilitate abused dogs and I killed two police officers.
I am a sex worker. Sometimes you just need a safe space.
Please help me beat him i can't sleep
I have the strange ability to see entities from another dimension in our reality.
(True story) The Roach
Please help He's here and he won't leave
Eleven pipers played the devil's symphony in Angel Hills
"The Death of Nicholas Westbrook"
Help finding an old story from here
A Petition to Re-Establish the Christmastime tradition of exchanging Ghost Stories- IV
I got stuck with a pet demon. This time I was invited to a party and it was scary as Hell.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
A Lesson From Santa
i went into the woods on a search and rescue mission what i found was not human PT2
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Arose Such a Clatter (Part 4)
The Video That Haunts Me
My First Experience with the Paranormal
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
My First Experience with the Paranormal
I’m an Arctic explorer and I found an abandoned toy workshop
I helped an injured guy on the street...
I was stillborn
If you see these Christmas Carolers, don’t open the door. They are The Christmas Carolers from Hell.
The Gambler
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
There's Something Wrong with the Disused Road in my Town
Me and my mom got into a fist fight
Insomnia ( Part 1)
LOANS FOR 2% PERSONAL LOAN &amp; BUSINESS LOAN OFFER APPLY NOW CITY FINANCING LOAN OFFER APPLY
Now I Believe What She Said
A Silent Night on Christmas Eve.
I work as private armed security on a construction site overnight, and I'm seeing things that...don't make sense. (Part 3)
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Maybe She Wasn’t Insane
Creepy Ass Nutcracker
Trip to the Cabin
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Now I Believe What She Said
I moved to a new house and there's a list if disturbing rules I must follow.
Our Leaders are Sacrificing Us to an Evil God
I work as private armed security on a construction site overnight, and I'm seeing things that...don't make sense. (Part 3)
White Elephant
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I used to work as a mall Santa, but one boy’s Christmas list made me quit. [Part 2]
How to Survive Horses
I figured out why my roommate is so loud.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I discovered a strange journal on an Arctic Expedition
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
My Daughter Is Singing Christmas Carols Wrong
She Is Not My Wife (Part 2)
The Ghost Tree. Final Part.
She
beyond our reality; my sixth sense.
My girlfriend and I went to visit this place called "Death Manor." We want to be the first people to make it out of there alive.
I was stalked by a mall elf. He said he had something to give me, but now that I know what it is, I don't want it.
The Alternate Reality's: Universe EXTRA Part 1
Experienced my first sleep induced psychosis
Happy Birthday to you!
Some people may say my wife is crazy, but I'd do anything for her
You don’t need to restock the wine cellar
i went in the woods on a search and rescue mission. what i encountered was not human
How I escaped a wendigo
The Yule Lads Diary (Part 3)
My children aren’t allowed Christmas wishes anymore, because some come true
Don't Stop at Suzie's
Worms. My dog!!!
I started keeping track of birds during the March lockdown; I noticed something very disturbing.
Visions of Happiness
I deliberately broke my ears. And to this day I suffer from this disease.
sixth sense: my four strongest experiences.
My new neighbor was literally bursting with Christmas spirit
Silent Night, Lonely Night.
It started with a knock on my bedroom window.
Sixth sense in real life: My four strongest paranormal experiences.
The crewless B-17 Ghost fortress that landed itself
A dream but real?
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
10 Hours of Black Noise to Put You to Rest
I keep finding fingernail clippings around my house. They aren’t mine.
My abusive family reported my boyfriend to the police. Things don't go how I expected them to be to be
I work at an underground zoo for cryptids (pt 1)
The krampus before Christmas
oh worms, my dog!!!
Worms, my dog!!!
Not All Sins are Forgiven
Walk your Dog
The man with a dog
Burning hungerBeyond this reality: My four stronger and more inexplicable experiences
A Light In The Dark
Hunger
I Should Have Confessed My Love to All My Crushes
My Sister Disappeared Three Years Ago. The Culprit Wasn't Human.
A Petition to Re-establish the Christmastime tradition of exchanging Ghost Stories- III
The Faceless Women at The Road
Can you hear someone being quiet?
Charter School Survival Guide – The Rules Apply to Everyone
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Dr. Morrigan's Case Files: Nadia's Closet
I'm terrified of what was because its gone
Tricks of the desperate (Part 9)
I should have kept the heart shaped Valentine candies
I believed in Santa until I was thirteen
Don't go looking for the Ten Leaping Lords of Angel Hills
I fell in love with the wrong woman.
floopy
I made a pact with Lucifer to be my dad
I made a website with 30,000 Occult Ebooks
I wish I didn't investigate the strange happenings in my brother's room
I work as private armed security on a construction site overnight, and I'm seeing things that...don't make sense. (Part 2)
When I was twelve I went to an activity centre, I’m pretty sure the place was cursed.
I work as private armed security on a construction site overnight, and I'm seeing things that...don't make sense. (Part 2)
I work as private armed security on a construction site overnight, and I'm seeing things that...don't make sense. (Part 2)
Compliment
True horror story from Southeast Asia
Something is on the surface
I will be living alone in my apartment for the next few days and I want to keep an online journal to record unusual activity
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
My school
EAT YOUR VEGETABLES!
My haunted house irl
Arose Such a Clatter (Part 3)
I'm the scrap man!
I'm the scrap man!
White Elephant
a long 4 years
How long have I been here?
the accident
Help! I’ve been looking everywhere for some stories I’ve read once a long time ago about a lamp store? And how each lamp the person has to pick who the bad luck goes to? I just want to read the rest of the series please help!
I Received an Invitation to the Worst Christmas Ball
The Phone Call Case
The Mindbender: Part 1
The Elevator People
The Phone Calls
The Ghost Tree. Part Five of Six.
I'm in the mafia but now...I'm on a hit list
𝐓𝐡𝐞 𝐟𝐚𝐜𝐞
Beware of Desire
I kissed her under the mistletoe and she disappeared. Over 40 years later, she returned.
Join this for bell
My encounter with the Nuckelavee
The Chronicles of the Graveyard Management Team - All I want for Christmas is my brothers spleen
Butterman
The Yule Lads Diary (Part 2)
judgment night
The prison that kills by feeding. Part 1
Passion [Part 2]
My last job.
my cousin Marco and his house
The man in my basement takes one step closer every week. FINAL
Tales From the Cryptozoologist-Introduction
Tales From the Cryptozoologist-Introduction
My name is Mr. Death.
Tales From the Cryptozoologist-Introduction
I Think I'm In The Wrong Hospital
I Think I'm In The Wrong Hospital
Tales From the Crypt(id): A Cryptozoologist's Guide to the Unknown
My Christmas Tree Touched Me
Check Your Cabin For Shackles
Incident report: January 21st, 2020 – Smart Phone
Rapunzel let down your rotten hair
I was hired by Santa. But I think he is the Krampus.
Dog
The Tooth Fairy of Smolt Hamlet
I'm a custodian. I don't think it's supposed to ooze out of the walls like that.
I grew up trapped in a haunted house. A masked psychopath set me free.
The mention of the mystery mister man but the mister man may not be so much of mystery anymore
I Know What Happened To All The Missing Kids In My Neighborhood
The mention of the mystery mister man but the mister man may not be so much of mystery anymore
My job is giving people second chances. They might need them way more than I thought.
Confessions of a London Flusher
A Petition to Re-establish the Christmastime tradition of exchanging Ghost Stories- II
I have an orb in my head. I made it angry, and I want help.
the man in the windows
Gemini Home Entertainment is REAL!
My town has a dark secret and I think it’s time for people to know about it.
Gemini is real - Part 1/3
The Exchange
you may want to lock your doors on Christmas
I Forgot Why I Hate Christmas.
The masks don’t work.
The masks don’t work.
I'm the lead architect on a metro project in Sweden. After the latest setback, I'm starting to think that we're cursed.
Observer (Part 8)
I Forgot Why I Hate Christmas
Observe (Part 8)
I forgot why I hate Christmas.
Rule of ThreeHello Authors of r/nosleep !
Hello Authors of r/nosleep !
She doesn’t like people going in there.
She doesn’t like people going in there.
My best friend and I have finally moved into our own place after 20 years, but something is not right about the house; especially the landlord. Part 1.
This schooltrip scarred me for life.
There's nine ladies dancing in the hall of Angel Hills
1996 Edward road mystery
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Nazis cared about animals.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I Had Entered Snowman’s Land
The Creature Of My Scout Camp
I Could Feel The Eyes
Rapunzel let down your golden hair
Mom's cooking
Mom's cooking
There is a reason why every mirror in this house is broken.
A role play
Beware of Desire Part 2
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Arose Such a Clatter (Part 2)
Mr. Christmas
Doesn't Christmas Eve Seem to Last Forever?
Can you identify this creepypasta?
The Door To My Mind
Asmr &amp; the butterfly effect
The Tooth Fairy of Smolt Hamlet
There's a group of Christmas Carolers after me
Be Careful What VPN You Use
Creepy Christmas presents from Amazon keep showing up on my porch. Now, things are happening in my house that I can't explain.
I used to work as a mall Santa, but one boy’s Christmas list made me quit.
The Ghost Tree. Part Four of Six.
My Sister and I Stayed Up Late to See Santa. Something Else Came Instead.
I found a portrait of a faceless man, and now the person who created it. [Final]
I banged a succubus, befriended a Republican minotaur, and met Chairman Mao, who was possessing the body of a small fat child.
I banged a succubus, befriended a Republican minotaur, and met Chairman Mao (who was possessing the body of a small fat child).
I have memories of a man who isn't real
My father was a horror writer. One of his stories was true. Final Part.
Mystery Christmas packages from Amazon have been showing up on my porch almost daily for the past week. You'll never guess who's been sending them...
My Dearest Violet pt. 1
An intrusive friend
Tonight Something Dangerous will Roam the Earth
I Tried to Help the Spirits in My New House, But I've Made a Fatal Mistake.
The camping trip diary. Day 1
My First Day of Sleep Paralysis.
The shadow of the Holidays
Paralysis.
The Yule Lads Diary's
I got my ten-year-son enrolled in a coding class. He almost turned everyone into zombies. Until he nearly killed himself.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I can't figure out what's been killing my animals. The government captured it.
Incident Report: 6-25-1993 – The Screwdriver
The Case of Emily Peter (Part One)
Beware of Desire Part 2
It's Coming Soon.
The Rat people of PA
I created an AI to clean photo shopped images and came upon something terrifying (part 1)
I did it...
Every night, at precisely 8:03 PM, a UFO passes over my house and messes with my electronics
If a creature comes down your chimney this Christmas, you may not live to see the morning. [Part 2][FINAL]
Passion [Part 1]
Hachishakusama has come to South Korea
Theres a man on my property (Part 1)
A Petition to Re-establish the Christmastime tradition of exchanging Ghost Stories
this is my first time writing down my creepypasta so sorry if its bad!
Rub-A-Dub-Dub
Rebirth island
Playback (Part 7)
If you are reading this, do NOT buy the "TOW" smart chip that will be released in 7 years. There is still hope.
The Sleigh Ride/ Christmas Cookies
Concert of Corpses...
Christmas Eve night: 4065
Rule of Three
The Moonchild [Part 1]
Christmas Eve Night 4065
Hospital story
When your solitary life turns out not so solitary
Relaxing Sound of rain forest
Hospital story
HOSPITAL story
I find a plush on the ledge of my roof window
Are nights hard for you too?
I find a plush on the ledge of my roof window
A find a plush on the edge of my roof window!
I find a plush on the edge of my roof window!
Pokemon Smashed Sapphire
Picture Perfect
In my old rental house I felt a cat jumping onto my bed at night but living in a rental we weren't allowed pets
I found a diary while hiking on a mountain. What I read on the diary sent chills to my spine.
I found a diary while hiking a mountain. What I saw on the diary sent a chill to my spine.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
My horny evil grandmother is ruining my love life
Creepy people hang around outside my house at night. I don't think they're alive...
A letter to the new homeowner (PART 1)
Something is wrong with my twin sister...
Omegle mess up
I visited an Abandoned Mall at Night along with 3 other friends, We stumbled across something I can never unsee
My Childhood Friend
I’m so fed up with being picked last.AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
A fog came in one night on Abbeydown Road in Minnesqire
I Am The Only Mortal To Ever Become A Deity
DRUG BOXES on YouTube? How did he get them?
Beware of Desire
I saw a child ghost at a haunted hotel, and he yelled at me in Latin. I'll never sleep again.
Where does this dang guy get these boxes?
Cabin fever hits twice as hard when you're being held captive
The infinite room
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Cabin fever hits twice as hard when you're being held captive
The Werewolf Heist - Part 2
Online friend re calls the day he died in his past life
Don't go looking for the eight maids a-milking in Angel Hills
Cabin fever hits twice as hard when you're being held captive
This Drunk Old Man Chased Me Home And Nearly Killed Me
Heaven is yellow.
There's nothing there
I Work for a Cell Tower Company, What I Heard Sent Chills Down My Spine
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I needed a break.
Something "Stuffed" in the Walls
It's In the Woods
Don't go looking for the eight maids a-milking in Angel Hills
There was a ghost in my first house
Don't go to the light
There exists a room where physical laws don't behave how they should. I regret ever having a hand in its creation.
The Ghost Tree. Part Three of Six.
Arose Such a Clatter (Part 1)
Poisoned Potato Salad
I had one of the most terrifying nightmares escaping The Backrooms
Piggy pig creepypasta
🅟🅘🅖🅖🅨 🅟🅘🅖
I saw Santa Claus last year, now I’m terrified for the 25th
Last year I saw Santa Claus, now I’m terrified for the 25th
The last time I wanted christmas
Maybe I should have checked the attic?
Missing(?) Demon
You don’t want to be on the naughty list
Somebody at my university is uploading horrifying recordings from a lecture theatre that doesn’t exist
My older brother was stung by a platypus.
The Knocking on the hill
~Ghost Orbs~
This is the last time I use my empathy.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Scary Facts PT. 3
Never Take The Last Car on the Night Train
Go check her out! 😮🔥
I just wanted to have a relaxing getaway...
Scary Facts PT. 2
Scary Facts PT. 1
My job at the Leichenberg Manor and how it ended my life
I thought that I finally got to meet Santa
The woods speak, but have no name
Cursed Tapes and How to Avoid Them Part 1: Traveling Up the Pipeline
I met Santa Claus last year, now I’m terrified for the 25th
The first incident was on accident, but the second time was on purpose, and all because I made a deal with the devil
I dreamed about a creepypasta, please help me recreate it
I met Santa last year, now I’m terrified for the 25th
Book of Doom - “Living the Dream”
Go add this fallen angel on Snapchat: @emilybubxo and get some of her premium content you won't regret it! 😉🔥🔥
I had no choice but to follow the Tiny Flashing Lights.
1
I can't figure out what's been killing my animals. I followed it home.
My Dead Friend Messaged Me The Day After She Died.
I haven’t had a sleepover since I was eight years old. Fourteen years of therapy later, I can tell you why.
The jolly fat man if you are good, the Christmas demon if you are bad
Something has been visiting me at night. Please help
I’m running out of time and need to get this message out
Stop posting on nosleep. Get off this subreddit. You're in danger.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
That Faint Noise
I had no other choice but to follow the Tiny Flashing Lights.
The Babysitter
If you see a creature coming down your chimney, you need to read this as a matter of life and death.
I’m a Retired Priest, I took steps to become ordained again. The Devil is in the Details. LAST COMMANDMENT.
Prologue Welcome to Paradise
Warning: Don’t Open the Book “Ditty Dotty Deety Dum” [Part 8 ]
When I look in the mirror I see someone who is not me.
My name is Rizzo, and I work in the post apocalypse. "Leaping vampirism" left me chilled to the bone.
We bought a DVD from a marketplace
Empty
Somebody at my university is uploading strange recordings from a lecture theatre that doesn’t exist
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I saw myself yesterday, and now I think I'm my dead aunt.
Every morning when I wake up, I see footsteps on my ceiling. Today I finally found out why
The Last Consciousness
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Story of a celibate monk
A text I got from an online friend on my way to meet him
A new series I started about real life RECENT tragedies. Next episode will be about recent missing persons and the odd details
The disturbing true history of animal-human hybrid experiments in the late nineties and early 21st century up, and the controversial scientist at the center of it.
My Addiction
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
It happens to all of us, for some reason, I remember.
Maggie is trying to kill me
Can't you hear it?
The 3:15 (Pt 1)
The 3:15
The 3:15 (Pt 1)I see a red door.
I was born twelve minutes after midnight
Smell in the Air
My grandmother stays locked in the attic....unless she got out.
I always close my window's curtains
Cody, Ceeper of the Cups
Cody, Ceeper of the Cups
The Truth About The Polar Express
Dear John
Mr. Oop
The last time I wanted christmas
The disturbing christmas presents
The Start of Something Beautiful (Part1)
Quarantine has jaws and it ate Mother
The Start of Something Beautiful (Part 1)
The start of something beautiful (Episode 1)
I cyberbullied a police officer and his family.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
What hapend to wickr vendors ?
Burn My Guilt Away
I Made a Grave Mistake...
Stories
Keep the doors closed and locked
Shards of Broken Glass
Seven swans are swimming in the park
A portal to another place [part 2]
Alternate dimension
Alternate dimension
The Ghost Tree. Part Two of Six.
11:38 AM
Alternate Reality
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Favors For Norse Gods: The Wild Hunt (Part 2) (Finale)
My father was a horror writer. One of his stories was true. Part 3
Best friend's mom
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I accidentally killed a woman during the snow storm
What is the creepiest REAL photo you have ever seen?
Guardian angel, sleep demon
My dog was not right. I still don't know what happened.
Selling my soul
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
ALWAYS put cookies and milk out for santa.
Contests for r/nosleep Serial Stories??
Every year on Christmas Eve, an entity takes me from this world and brings me to the next. If I'm abducted this year, I may never return.
I had no choice but to follow the Tiny Flashing Lights
I can't figure out what's been killing my animals. I followed it home.
I Fight Monsters (Part 1)
Her Number One Fan
I Fight Monsters Part 1
its fine. [short title but horror when reading also short story]
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The Hag's Reflection
Withered Roses
I left a Yelp review for my doctor and now I'm worried [Part 2]
BEAUTYFALL
When he calls (Part 2)
My story of a friendship
She Never Left Her Home
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Burn, Baby, Burn (Prologue)
Divination
Did you ever heard about Lake Baikal? (Part Four)
The Bugs
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
My dog was not right. I still don't know what happened
I’m a Retired Priest. Recently I’ve taken steps to become ordained again. Sacrifices had to be made.
Tap
Tap
Body-horror
The MIRA Program: Chapter One: Weird things started happening at my lab in Canada, and I was kidnapped.
#M4w
The pig men
help me please this new year
Strange memories from another world
The Triplets Of Terror
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The laughing jester of Inverness.
The Bugs
I can't figure out what's been killing my animals.
How to Survive Camping - it's official: I don't like kids
Doors to Your Mind
I had sleep paralysis but this is going to sound silly
For
Help
No cars come in or out of the Oak Mountain housing development
Do you want to build an evil snowman?
Do you want to build an evil snowman?
The Wow! Planet
Are my chairs haunted?
Quiet! The vents are working...
Our visit to Carol and Clyde's snowball farm
If you fell something while your on your computer, dont look.
That Time of the Month. (Part 1)
The creaks at night
There’s something in the Missouri cornfields
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!I was never allowed in the basement. I finally found out why. Final. [Part 7]
I was never allowed in the basement. I finally found out why. [Part 7 - Final]
Hyperion Grove Hotel
Winter Storm Ambience with Icy Howling Wind Sounds for Sleeping, Relaxing and Studying Background.
Angel Hills - Day 6 - Six geese a layin'
There Was A Strange Hole In My New Apartment
The Ghost Tree. Part One of Six.
My brothers imaginary friend
The Ghost Tree. Part One of Six.
Teen server designed around writing
The Girl in the Pool
I keep getting creepy Dear Santa letters in the mail (part 4)
I keep getting creepy Dear Santa letters in the mail (part 4)
I’ve been having terrible memory lapses.
Phantom Ménage of Unit 30
I started working at a hospital. Today I found a list of rules.
I keep getting creepy Dear Santa letters in the mail (part 4)
King Story
Drunk Driving and The Mourning After
Released
Released- This is my first ever creepypasta and I wrote it for my creative writing class. I hope you like it!
I’m stuck in a pocket dimension with demons.
The Lockdown made me take on a random job offer.
I Killed a Werewolf and Got Recruited to an Interdimensional War Squad [Pt1]
I Killed a Werewolf and Got Recruited to an Inter-Dimensional War Squad (Part I)
Division 6, 2045
Division 6, 2045
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
RADIO SOBRAL CLASSE A
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Cabin Fever (part 2)
Proof of a real conspiracy theory involving (possibly) human trafficking
my reflection
Proof of a real conspiracy theory involving (possibly) human trafficking
I Hate Christmas.
In the apocalypse, I work for a company that exterminates mutated animals. There's a reason cows scare me the most.
Subconscious is the closest thing you have but you should never mess with it
Sounds in the Maze
Angel Hills - Day 6 - Six geese a layin'
Nightmare In the Woods (Pt 3)
Lickety Split
If you see Blackhawks over your neighborhood...leave
My father is Santa for the dead but not yet forgotten
I left a Yelp review for my doctor and now I'm worried [Part 1]
Everything is gray...
I’m an actor in REDACTED and the REDACTED network have killed my castmates.
I can’t show images
My Older Brother Paul
pack of rats
The Legend of Sudmis Crossing
my grandmother was left without a head
Pack of Rats
pack of rats
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The case in the village-my first author's story!
healing from distracted
The Springbrook Dental Practice
My Friends always told me not to trust beautiful men, I never knew what they meant.....
I discovered the dark secrets of the forest I live in...
When he calls...
rabbit run part ii
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I Wanna Make Amends
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
pocket exploration
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Immortality isn’t a good thing
Wings of Blood and Beauty
i keep getting facetimed from a group of phone numbers?
So I think my house is haunted by my grandpa or by random ghost/demons/spirits
Favors For Norse Gods: The Wild Hunt (Part 1)
It had always been watching us.
Screams
My dear bestfriend
The day I had to say goodbye to my dad.
I don't think I should have called Customer Service
This is my first time and I’m not really a good writer but I hope you guys like it ( tag because of animal gore-ish, is just don’t wanna break rules)
aHR0cHM6Ly9wYXN0ZWJpbi5jb20v
How Much Does Fame and Fortune Cost? I found the answer.
Confessions of the Black Vultures: Origins
My roommate in the mental ward wanted to be me.
I should be dead already.
Nightmare In the Woods (pt 3)
My evil grandmother is ruining my life
My evil grandmother is ruining my relationship
My evil grandmother is ruining my love life
My horny grandmother is ruining my relationship
They are always hungry, no natter what
Clown Colon of Funeral
I Hate Children, and You Can't Convince Me I Shouldn't
What is your opinion on the scary deep web stories that sometimes come to light? Like for example the cannibal pizza guy or the ex CIA-Agent proving Alien existence and more ? Have you ever been to the deep web personally before? What did you see?
The Pits
The Ghosts of Southeast Asia - Bouncing Betty
I started working the night shift for my local airport. I found a strange set of rules. (Part 2)
I found a portrait of a faceless man. It was a painting of myself. [Part 2]
I was never allowed in the basement. I finally found out why. [Part 6]
The prongs of my umbrella are sharp
That One Old Chamber 1#
I am the last of the Nephilim, and I have made my decision5 golden rings just turned up in Angel Hills (part 5)
The Long Awaited Strike
Unwanted Craigslist Missed Connection
hey people im a killer hahaha
I fell through a hole in the ground. Now I'm trapped here. PT1: Above
Craigslist Missed Connection Horror
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
One Particular Night
Please make her go away
i went in the woods for a search and rescue mission what i found was not human
That basement is living. Each room just gets weirder. Parts I and II
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Two way mirror
Imaginary friend
The Hunt - Part 1
Frau Perchta
Dream about black eyed children! HELP!!
i went into the woods on a search and rescue mission what i found was not human PT2
Abandoned in the Operating Room
Something came with the Hurricane
An interview with a guy who claims to have lived 8 years in another mans life
In the apocalypse, I work for a company that exterminates mutated animals. Horses have devious minds.
Haunted campsite
The Ivory Gate
Moy perviy post
I started working the night shift for my local airport. I found a strange set of rules (part 2)
Craigslist Missed Connection Horror
Elf on the Daycare Shelf
South Pole Santa:A Christmas horror story
I've got a long list of Ex-Lovers, they'll tell you I'm insane.
"Welcome to The Clover Garden! Die once, Die twice, enter here only but Thrice!"
The Secrets they Keep...
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Me and my cousin set a camp in the woods, my cousin's different since then.
"How I Quit Smoking Cigarettes Cold Turkey" {~38,258 words] / Nicholas Grant's Daily installment post 1of 5
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
My mother had three children. A boy, a girl and the Devil.
"How I Quit Smoking Cigarettes Cold Turkey" {~38,258 words] Written by Nicholas Grant (J.P. Granger)/ Daily installment post 1of 5
I work for a cryptid containment centre, we have made a terrible mistake
Pokemon Nightmare X
Decay (Part 6)
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I visited my family cabin two years after my father drowned in the lake.
5 golden rings just turned up in Angel Hills (part 5)
5 golden rings just turned up in Angel Hills (Day 5)
Drip drip drip
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Starting a creepypasta/review channel
Goodbye Daniel
"Cold Turkey" Daily Post (1 of 5): Written by Nicholas Grant (J.P.Granger)
~Orbs of Light~
My friend's son is still missing
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I'm going to kill you.
"The Death of Nicholas Westbrook"
I'm an archaeologist that discovered a hidden world through crowdsource work
T-minus 5 seconds
If you are here because you are afraid of zombies, read this.
I visited a remote African village, all of the women are impregnated by the same man.
I was at school during the start of a pandemic. This one was worse. Part 4
What Happened?
Start answering machine message? y e s
Favors For Norse Gods: Death
recently found out Uncle Nolan died in my house but still watches me do the laundry.
I Used To Be A Bookworm
There’s a reason they don’t send humans into space here.
Better
The night before Christmas, our family became whole
Better
I Got a Job Playing Pooka at the Mall This Christmas... And Now I Wish I Hadn't.
I used to be a janitor at an mental institution
My girlfriend is part of an elven cult that worships Santa Claus
'Twas the night before Christmas, a story retold
Merry Christmas Mommy
Office lights
Everywhere I look, I see headlights
I tried to warn them. No one listened.(part 1)
The Leviathan In The Snow (Part One) The Monsters That Kill Monsters
I was never allowed in the basement. I finally found out why. [Part 5]
Don't Sell the Painting
Trusting Mr.Bobo
I run a house for freaks, the unnatural, and for people who do not belong. My first resident showed how difficult maintaining this house would be.
I've discovered something terrifying about the hypnic jerk
I'm not sure what is mimicking the voices but it's there.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
It all started with Mum eating detergent by the spoonful [Part 3]
I think I was supposed to die last week
If you haven't read this book yet, you have missed a lot
The Rhinestone Cowboy in the Black Bayou
KOJI MURAI.
If you hear the four birds calling in Angel Hills, please do not respond. (Part 4)
Happy Saturnalia, you filthy animals!
I'm a Night Guard at a Dead Mall. Something Is Trying to Get Inside.
i went in the woods on a rescue mission what i encountered wasn't human
If you hear the four birds calling, please do not respond. (Angel Hills - Part Four)
Shadows
I am going to tell a simple story about Christmas. With a bit of identity fraud. My wife and I had our identities stolen 9 days before Christmas. This is our story.
If you hear the four birds calling, please do not respond. (Angel Hills - Part Four)
I'm dying and no one believes me.
It started with the ducksConfessions of the Mad
Breaking News! BEACH Exec Found Guilty For Mass Murder!
Pins and Needles
I was afraid I would be locked up in the looney bin if I told anyone. Now I wish that I had.
The Mystery of The Hidden Valley (Part 1)
Don’t use the poop sock at 3 am
Mr.Bobo
What happened in briarfalls on Christmas?
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Miles
Who the hell slept beside me?
The biggest horrors live inside of your skull.
I'm sorry
VERY SCARY
I'm the foremost expert of extraterrestrial life. Something big just crashed near me.
When We All Fall Down: Prologue
In the apocalypse, I work for a company that exterminates mutated creatures. Alligators are pure hell.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I'm Guarding an Old Mall Overnight. Something is Very Wrong
I'm Guarding an Old Mall Overnight. Something is Very Wrong.
And There was no one
Krampus Has Returned
Hallmark images
My substitute online chemistry teacher has a set of 5 rules. If you violate them, you end up in his attendance list.
The use of shrunken heads (Part 5)
Rebuke the Wind
My substitute online chemistry teacher, has 5 rules. if we don't follow, we end up on his attendance list.
Veal is tender. Human babies even more so.
Kuchisake-onna
I wish I hadn't been the Dead Man
rabbit run
What is a good list of the scariest creepypasta stories?
What is a great list of scary creepypasta please post links if you have them?
My first Story
The Fog
I work as private armed security on a construction site overnight, and I'm seeing things that...don't make sense.
Wes it a Ghostly Ghouls or a Homeless Hags? WWJD?
Unexpected carnivore in the house
A portal to another place [part 1]
I’m a cop serving in the Yukon who was called to protect a Girl claiming to be hunted. I think this whole town is going to die.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
so its 5 am and im here thinking on what in the world am i going to do tomorrow
The Thing That Goes Bump In The Night.
Banshee
The Christmas Elf is watching you...
Why does this keep happening?
Cannibal horror story
My bed companion...
plz dont take this down fam
Submechanophobia
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
From What’s Left
Favors For Norse Gods: Death's Assistant
I’ve been to hell. And I don’t want to go back.
Cabin Fever (part 1)
The Dead Girl In My Yard Wanted Me to Be a Hero
Walpurgis Night
I found a portrait of a faceless man. [Part 1]
Rebooted
Island Towards Insanity
Do not add a social media account with your name and information.
The man in my basement takes one step closer every week. [Part 13]
True Story: I saw a robot pretending to be a human
True Story: I saw a robot pretending to be a human
True Story: I saw a robot pretending to be a human
Krampus Has Returned
This Is Your Fault
True Story: I saw a robot pretending to be a human
The Tapes are alive [Part 1]
I work in a morgue. I can’t explain what I saw the Christmas of 2003
life inside the screen
Why You Should Believe in Santa
Life inside the screen
Krampus Has Returned
We had another weight loss contest at the office. We had to avenge Peggy...
If you notice a 2nd moon in the sky, make sure you don't see them both at the same time
room 104
If you notice a 2nd moon in the sky, make sure you don't see them both at the same time
The Midnight Children.
I’m a Suicide Therapist, But not how you think…
Dalmatian (sorry about my spelling and grammar)
The Ghosts of People From My Past are Haunting Me, But Those People Aren't Even Dead
The shadow man
I got a job as a warehouse security guard the old guard gave me a strange list of rules. (Part 1)
Don't feed the worms.
I keep getting creepy Dear Santa letters in the mail (part 3)
On Her Deathbed, My Grandma Told me The Family Secret is a Murderous Being That Gets Passed Down Part 2
I see figures daily
The Backwoods of Somerset
The Backwoods Of Somerset, [Redacted]
Nyctophobia
I don't want to be alone
There is something really strange happening in our house
What's a gif?
Be Wary of Neighbors
Muffin man
RANGO RANGO RANGO
It all started with Mum eating detergent by the spoonful [Part 2]
True Scary Apartment Story
Roblox adopt me CreepypastaIt's Cold Outside
The Horrors of Painsomnia
j
The Midnight Truck of Bell County
I hired a lookalike to pretend to be me. They are doing a better job than I expected.
Lakeside Homes
My Sleep Paralysis Demon (Part 1)
I think I'm being stalked...
I think my daughter is trapped inside her own head.
Be careful of your child’s online virtual learning
[FINAL] I’m an archaeologist who located the fountain of youth and drank what was left. Its guardian is now after my life.
In the apocalypse, I work for a company that exterminates mutated animals. You'll never guess the most dangerous one.
I should be dead instead.
Hole in the Hood
Flute: 1 Hour of Soothing Relaxation Music
The best moments happen when we’re naked, but the worst ones do as well
Tinnitus to the other side
October 2020 Winners!
My 'Elf on the Shelf' needs ME to save Christmas
Narrowing walls and dark places (Part 4)
Mystery in Angel Hills - Day Three - Three French Hens
My 'Elf on the Shelf' needs ME to save Christmas
I'm Not So Gullible Anymore.
Does anyone ever feel like their end is coming?
Rabbits
Camping trip..
The Demon Seed
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Selling Instagram account
What do I do
Why I Live in Arizona
(Real) Please help me identify what is my house, me and my family are scared.
I thought it was just a spoof caller.
There’s something wrong with my house (REAL)
If a woman ever calls to you from the water, listen to her but do not approach
There's a wall of flesh in my neighbor's basement.
This first date isn't going very well.
Please don't buy a nightlight... here's why
Many years ago I made an extraordinary discovery. It became my gravest mistake.
Don't buy a nightlight.... here's why
The Ghost Doll
My Sleep Paralysis Demon (True Story)
Don't buy a nightlight... here's why
So, how was last night? Part 1
He promised he would change.
I could tell you why I don't like nightlights..... but promise me you'll never buy them....
I had the oddest experience the last time I went to a strip club
I Received A Mystery VR Game for my Birthday PART 1
Just like you.
I was never allowed in the basement. I finally found out why. [Part 4]
My Sleep Paralysis Demon (True Story)
I haven’t been sleeping well.
The shadow
The day that changed my life [part 1]
If I’m Lucky
The shadow
Can’t sleep
The White Room
Bus
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I've ruined so many lives
Follow the black brick road
My Grandfather was a P.O.W. In WW 2. He told me about the Tongueless prisoner...
The Dead Girl in My Yard Told the Most Awful Stories
Disturbing Discovery in the Canadian Wilderness
Teeth
There's this girl following me around
An interview with Ted the Caver, the very originator of creepy pasta and eventually nosleep
The Figure
Short horror story that creeps me to this day.
Short 5-word horror story
My horror story.
Black spot girl
My uncle left me a box when he died
The little white house
I'm a doorman at an elite New York building, and the same man keeps coming in but never leaving.
1936: The Creature I Will Never Forget
I Found This Photo from My Childhood and I Noticed Something Horrifying In the Background
COVID has been terrible. This new virus is so much worse.
Creepy noises from the attic story
Need help summoning a ghost
I Feel Other People's Experiences: CAN YOU PLEASE LEAVE ME ALONE!
A Manifestation of Sirenhead Haunts the Swamplands of Arkansas
Theres a girl following me around
Last Moments
Cruel Revenge
Tapping
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The Man who followed me
I’m A Member of A Secret Cult. I Think You Have Heard of Us
The Man that followed me
The Man in the shadows
I think my daughter is trapped inside her own head.
I now know that the Emergency Broadcast instructions throughout this world wasn't just to tell us how to protect ourselves from the creatures that invaded this earth, but from something far much worse. (Entry 1)
Tapping
Tapping
Say Cheese
The Woods Of Somerset, KY
In to The Forest
GOD ANSWERS KNEE-MAILIt all started with Mum eating detergent by the spoonful [Part 1]
I miss the ringing in my ear.
My sister Katy doesn't talk. Today, she killed a man.
I regret not taking the boy's warning
Jaime at the end of the hall.
There is a key at my job that opens every door. Some should stay locked.
If you see a fruit fly in your house, run. It's already too late.
The Christmas Reaper
The Werewolf Heist - Part One
My cat started talking to me this week. She protects our world from her evil sister.
I got recommended a mobile game and I think it will become the end of me
Vibrations
the newspapers... they made me understand
Hide When You Smell It
I'm taking a fucking Uber next time [NSFW]
im me! marlino Ft.Tone Love ( Tuff Crew)
NoSleep Interview with Girl_from_the_Crypt!
the newspapers... they made me understand
"The Players Ship"
The Man
Animals are fleeing from a nearby valley in record-breaking numbers. They sent me to find out why, Pictures Included.
Her
The Man
I just woke up in my car. I am in a large city. Please help.
I really hate my in-laws
Is this some sort of hell?
Is this some sort of hell?
Is this some sort of hell?
Is this some sort of hell?
Why I Don't Believe in Santa
Big Libby and Little Libby
Mystery in Angel Hills: On the second day of Christmas, it became apparent to me, that Two Turtle Doves are something that should never, ever be.
If you ever see a channel on Youtube called Alpha waves_264, stay away from it
Z- or whatever her name was, I can't remember it
Debts to the Deep
&lt;Run&gt; NADAPROTOCOL/REprobate Initiative .1
Horror story at home
A haunting experience
Mind-Virus Outbreak (part 1)
The day my flowers left.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
How do I say this without sounding crazy?
shit
A friend in need
I knew why my mischievous kitty had pretended to be sick.
Something I wrote in my diary during 2011. I only wrote this part because the other ones have nothing to do with this.
Kill or Be Killed; How I Found Out I'm A Psychopath. (Part 1 - Introduction)
The cloaked person
When your walking down rout 4 never say it’s name.
I was never allowed in the basement. I finally found out why. [Part 3]
For a few hours every day, I live in a place called whisper world. During my first visit, I screamed.
Anyone remember?
I was watching a security tape of one of my cop friends interviewing a victim of gun violence. I'm not entirely sure what happened.
The biggest horrors live inside of your skull.
I FOUND OUT WHY THE NOSLEEP MODS ARE PETTY AUTHORITARIANS
I FOUND OUT WHY THE NOSLEEP MODS ARE PETTY AUTHORITARIANS
I really thought you were the one.
The Well Lady
The well ate him
We tried to steal a Christmas tree from our rail trail. Theft was the least of our worries.
A trip to Vedina
I am a police officer fending off the dead.
I am a police officer fending off the dead.
There's been an Ill Wind Over Dames Point and Now I Know Why
A Trip To Vedina
Baby boy D.
I live in a community in the middle of nowhere my house came with a set of rules [part 2]
I lost a friend recently creepypasta
Times of yule: A Christmas diary, day 1:What in the actual fuck was that thing?
I am a police officer fending off the dead
Down in the mine
The Lank
I’m competing in a regional swim meet, and I’m worried that there’s something waiting for me in the water.
Timber
Dope Demons
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The Devourer Within
Do you wish to open?
A story about my boy
Please help! I'm haunted and I need help
Constipation isn't funny
Family of five
the newspapers... they made me understand
The Devourer Within
the newspapers.
A short story from a short life
Facing My Fears
A short story from a short life
Dark Powder is Falling
Christmas Vacation - Part One
Sometimes i hope shit gets better, but does it really?
I’m stationed on the Falkland Islands with the British Army. There’s a reason these islands are so important. [FINAL]
Someone post short ouija bd story video
Fear
A kid knocked on my door, I'm in a snowy forest with no one around for miles. (Part 2)
I'm a walking dead woman.
Randy Huffman
The Dead Girl in My Yard Was the Best Friend I Ever Had
Concupiscence
I miscarried a stranger's baby. He keeps coming back for mePack of rats
We Found Something Under the Water in the Everglades and We Should Have Left It There.
I live in a community in the middle if nowhere my house came with a strange set of rules
I've been hearing weird nosies in my sleep..
Were they really suicides? (Part 3)
I am a sex worker. And I broke into my Madame's office.
Sky Fall
The Summer of 2006
The Chronicles of the Graveyard Management team - Bride of Chucky
Cramped
I have seen the blue moon so you don't have too
Don't Ever Go Hunting Alone
I’m a Retired Priest. Recently I’ve taken steps to be ordained again. This was a mistake.
The House on the Outskirts
No Shirt, No Shoes, No Mask, No Service
I work in a lamp store. Shattered lamps mean rain and corpses.
My randonautica experience...
The silent Train in winter.
Family of five
Family of five
He sees you when you’re sleeping. (Part 1).
He sees you when you’re sleeping. (Chapter One).
Impostor Killcount
pack of rats
A Partridge in a Pear Tree - Day One - Mystery in Angel Hills
Pack of rats
Red light outside my window.
If you see a computer on a hike in the forest; run.
No Caller ID part II
I’m begging you , get out of here.
Don't open your eyes! He visited me while I was sleeping!?!
The Day I found my lost friend
Vallée d’Espoir Psychiatric Hospital Rules
I Was Almost Eaten by a Car
The other side of the mirror
What’s tapping on my window?
School shooter story that I wrote. ( :
It was all a bad dream...
The place inbetween realms
The place inbetween realms
DERELICT, a Kirche File (Part Three)
How to Survive Camping - I'm glad I'm not the only one with bad ideas
Moon-eyed girl. (Part 1)
The People with the Starry Eyes
Something in the Shadows
The New "Roommate"
The End Of All Things - Chapter 1: "Survive!" Said The Prophet
My teeth are tingling and I think there's something inside.
You were in the wrong place, huh?
Do Not Respond to Jake 18
I was never allowed in the basement. I finally found out why. [Part 2]
Did you ever heard about Lake Baikal? (Part Three)
Sand's Guide to Suburban Haunts #1: The Mona Mimic
Please... keep off the grass.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
My Father’s Warning
My Mom Tried To Exorcise The Devil Out Of Me
I was never allowed in the basement. I finally found out why. [Part 2]
My Father’s Warning
I am a police officer fending off the dead, and i require immediate backup!
I am a police officer fending off the dead.
Our Parents Never Let Us Go in the Attic, Now I Know Why (Part One)
That basement is living. Each room just gets weirder and weirder. PART I
My family has been camping on the same island since I was a kid, and some very strange things have happened there.
"The human-alien experiment". This started off as a dream but I developed it a little, hope you guys enjoy it.
Cursed alien hero experiment
The Cheer-Up Johnnies - Strange Findings from The Archives
The Cold Room (Part 3)
#71 Micro-Pasta 20- Alice... | Dans l'ombre des légendes
What is your profession?
#71 Micro-Pasta 20- Alice... | Dans l'ombre des légendes
High question
My sister's tweets have ruined my life.
I visited a future teller, now I wish I didn't.
Tooth Fairy “my first story”
The night I played Charlie Charlie...
The pyramid in my backyard is almost complete
Stay with me
No caller ID part II
A Just reward
There's a Shadow
There's a Shadow
I’m a member of a secret cult. I think you have heard of us
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I just went through 10 minutes of horrifying sleep paralysis
I just went through 10 minutes of horrifying sleep paralysis.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I had a secret, but daddy told it.
I am paranoid by Avery Ryan
I am paranoid by Avery Ryan
Help me find horror video! [lvl: veryhard]
My Town Was Attacked By Airborne Fur less Dog Monsters, I'm Locked Up In My Air Raid Shelter Unsure of What To Do Next
The conspiracist
A Just reward
The Eyes in the Treeline
Desperatly need of help: Creepy ASMR playlist with same scheme/patern artists added without consent to listening list on Spotify
My Bleeding Heart
Along the Water
All my life, I've been losing time. Last night, I finally found out why.
I Investigated One of My Town's Landmarks: Alabaster BridgeI’m a Person of Many Talents, But I Can’t See or Hear Them
A day in the life of a Lone Wolf in a Sheep’s World
Something Evil Happened at Dames Point. Now I Know What it Was.
I was in a death trap made by a teenager. (Part 1) The Keys
Modo's Parade
My mother-in-law was a monster.
I keep seeing at night. (Part 1)
Does anyone remember the Wishing Well in the Tavistock Galleria?
It called me and I wasn't sleeping
My Tips For Hunting White-Tail Deer: Don't.
How I learned to stop worrying and love the Nothing
The Ocean is Calling
Pretty Girls Make Graves
[Part 5] I woke up, gonna be back to my daily life soon
So, this is a few stories about my time as a custodian in my new district. Since I have a lot of free time due to COVID, i figured i’d drop a few.
My Reflection Crawled Out Of The Mirror, She Then Changed My Life Forever.
My Reflection Came Out of The Mirror, She Then Changed My Life Forever.
Boothworld Industries
No caller ID
So, this is a post about my time as a custodian in my new district. Since I have a lot of free time due to COVID, i figured i’d drop a few.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Your Gut Feeling
The beckoning bells
The Children of Hemsby. Please, Never Come Here. For Now I Can Never Leave. - Part 1
There are some rules when living next to the woods. Don't call your ex-wife when you've been drinking.
Never Trust a Bot
There are some rules when living next to the woods. Don't call your ex-wife when you've been drinking.
The cursed work
I interpret nightmares. Then they come true in the most horrible ways.
Something In The Fields Behind My House Was Stalking Me
The cursed work (warning super scarey)
Today I delivered a pizza to the other person who lives inside my head.
Today delivered pizza to the other person who lives inside my head.
What did we just see?!?
The Screaming Machete
I Sell Guns on the Dark Web. Now it's My Turn to be Afraid.
Heard a flute playing in the middle of the night.
The Man Of The House
What is that sound?
2:30
I Dream of War
2:30
In The Lane They Glisten… The Children of Hemsby. I Can NEVER Leave Them. - Part 1
What Happened at Diablo Lake?
One of Them Panthers Screaming
There's a group of people forced to write stories.
I hope my story dosent mess you up as much as it has me
Specter Valley
I was never allowed in the basement. I finally found out why. [Part 1]
Short story in the works
Foreign Invasion
I had this really surreal dream back in 2018-2019
"Dont Answer The Phone"
November 2020 contest nominations
Cyberpunk 2077
People Are Watching Us
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The humming
One corner is always darker
The Burgundy Lincoln
Sometimes, it's better to ignore the strange object that's fallen from space.
A bitter, bitter wind
Did you ever heard about Lake Baikal? (Part Two)
Otis Whispers
Yes, the Coronavirus Pandemic is a hoax. And yes, the real pandemic is much worse.
the in black and white
I Warn Darkweb Targets
The All Consuming One
I used to bully a kid in middle school
Something intruded my online class
Dentures
Has your dog ever had worms? - I think I know what James was doing [Part 2]
I worked at an abnormal sleep lab in college. These are my notes. Part: Subject B
The All Consuming One
It Lives at the Bottom of the Well
I kept seeing her. Finally found out why
Pretty Pink Confetti
I’m stationed on the Falkland Islands with the British Army. There’s a reason these islands are so important. [Part 3]
He was inside.
I’ve celebrated Christmas 2019 more times than I can count
On Her Deathbed, My Grandma Told me The Family Secret is a Murderous Being That Gets Passed Down Part II
I was told I was let go
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I Am My Neighbor’s Keeper
Joe Camel almost spread my buttcheeks, and now I wish I hadn’t
Green Lake - Arrivals
I crashed in the Ozarks, I wasn't alone in that forest pt.2
I run a secret euthanasia service. I just tested my own product.
I’m not the only person who lives in my house.
I know what came before the universe existed, and it's horrifying.
I think I woke up in another dimension.
Primordial Fear
Coelum Express, 7 Plages Ski Resort, at Mount Ortu
I Bought A Game Called YOUR CHOICE There Is Something Wrong With My Copy... Part Two
My Girlfriend Never Takes Off Her Makeup But I Finally Caught Her And Now I'm Scared For My Life (Part 9)
How to escape from sleep paralysis
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Do you know who lives in your house? An Elyse Knowles Series
im lost
I need helpI need help
I Texted my boyfriend, but it wasn’t really him. (Part 1)
My Ex Won’t Leave Me Alone...She Died 3 Weeks Ago
What do you guys think of these scary "Randonautica" Stories ? Could hackers actually get the live locations of people and hunt them down through it ? IN fact, some teenagers found an actual corpse with this
Unnatural Combinations
What do you guys think of these scary Randonautica Stories ? Could hackers actually get the live locations of people and hunt them down through it ? IN fact, some teenagers found an actual corpse with this
What do you guys think of these scary "Randonautica" Stories ? Could hackers actually get the live locations of people and hunt them down through the app ? IN fact, some teenagers found an actual corpse with the app (proven)
What do you guys think of these scary "Randonautica" Stories ? Could hackers actually get the live locations of people and hunt them down through the app ? IN fact, some teenagers found an actual corpse with the app (proven)
October 2020 Winners!
I have been stuck in a loop for as long as I can remember.
Warning: Don’t Open the Book “Ditty Dotty Deety Dum” [Part 7]
Have you ever had a dream where a relative / family member tries to harm you?
The Deer have too many Teeth
I keep getting creepy Dear Santa letters in the mail (part 2)
Don't go Christmas tree hunting after dark in northern Canada
The Humans (Part 1)
The Diavolo
I wish i could be my reflection, just once.
The Deer have too many Teeth
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Staying awake for 24 hours :-)
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The blizzard of 08
''Fellwood Creek-The happiest camp in the country''
The cellar
Fellwood Creek -The happiest camp in the country.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
In 1961, Russian scientists created the first teleporter, the Americans have angered the other side.
Coelum Express, 7 Plagues Resort at Mount Ortu
Site: 1:A (Pt. 1 – ?)
The fate of Isaac
The Corona Virus
The Missing Kids In My Town Came Back
Omegle hacker knows everything I need help
I don't think these stairs end.
Nightmares
I love myself. In this I am Singulair.
A creepy guy showed in my back door
I woke up in a strange place, now I can’t escape
Momma
Moria: The Hell In Alaska
If you ever see a strange man that offers you a Delivery Job, and he doesn’t say what’s in the Box, Get as far away as possible, and call the Police. (Part II)
Moria: The Hell In Alaska
Setting the record straight on "The Purge"
I Work as a Janitor at a Catholic School Part 3
Moira: The Hell In Alaska
Special Forces Story
The Screaming Machete
There are some rules when living next to the woods. If you find pillars made of meat, you probably shouldn't chop them down.
Skin in the Box
The moon is very angry
I shouldn't have called, I shouldn't have answered.
My Patient is a Parasite (Part 2)
The whole city is in chaos, and i as an officer failed to keep it safe.
EXODUS HAS FALLEN (Zombie horror)
Looking for a story
The Desert Can Be Deadly At Night
Music video about nightmares
Tetherfolk
The Perfect Dream
What do you guys think of these scary "Randonautica" Stories ? Could hackers actually get the live locations of people and hunt them down through the app?
A Touching Gift
The fire is so pretty.
The Northern Fortress, Once Thought Impregnable, of the Snow-Cleric Santa Claus
Voices from the Sand
Time loss on a bridge
The real definition of being alone in the wilderness
The Day I almost got killed (TRIGGER WARNING)
The Day I almost got killed (TRIGGER WARNING)
The Day I almost got killed (TRIGGER WARNING)
3:13 a.m.
Barkings
Facing My Fears
How many of you submit stories to true crime podcasts?
I think there was a demon in the delivery room
Something in the Shadows
A kid knocked on my door, I'm in a snowy forest with no one around for miles. (Part 1)
Nightshifter
I think I woke up in another dimension.
The Elevator Game, Have you played?
On my fifteenth birthday I got a list of rules to follow until I turn twenty
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
ZULA [clan war]
The thumping at the back of my car (Part 2)
I have my own "orbit." It started with inanimate objects, but what came next was much worse.
I have buyer's remorse and I may never recover from it...
My uncle has gone to space...and now he's a recluse
The Horde - please help (28.6441850, -98.8243150)
If you ever see a strange man that offers you a Delivery Job, and he doesn’t say what’s in the Box, Get as far away as possible, and call the Police.
Charter School Survival Guide – Follow the Bus Rules
Twas the Morning Before Christmas
I´m stuck on a never-ending road
I think I woke up in another dimension.
Pedro is a state of mind
My Girlfriend Never Takes Off Her Makeup But I Finally Caught Her And Now I'm Scared For My Life (Part 8)
I joined a reddit cult
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Grandfather clock of Duality [Part 2]
Crazy Clown in my Dad's Warehouse
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!A Warning to the Curious About Astral Projection (Part 1)
■■■■■■■■■ CORPORATION - SUBREPORT #0004 - THE CHRISTMAS CAROLS
Grandfather Clock of Duality [Part 1]
[Part 4] I know how to leave this place, I just need to make it in time
I have this obsession with maggots. It all started after I met an old woman on the London Underground.
My friend.
I’m an actor in REDACTED, and the REDACTED network have killed my castmates.
Decay
had i wish it is fake.
I was attacked by a Witch.
Ghostdriver accident
Julia
My GFs Mother
I was attacked by a Witch.
My GFs Mother
It wasn’t us part 2
Never Seen Her Again
Oppenheimer Blues
Oppenheimer Blues
509 wrighter not found
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Will You Share Your Dreams?
I think I killed my best friend
Making A Meal For Six
Why you don't get into cars with strangers
It’s happening again ..
There are rules when living next to the woods. Ignore the lights in the trees.
My sugar daddy asks me for weird favors
My Brother's Mirrors
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The End of the War
I Have The Power To Create Creatures By Thinking Of Them part 2
I'm a nanny. The kids I watch are getting even weirder. [2]
Where yo buy anything
looking for the best vendor ? here you go
My brother's morrors
True story, a result from a horse accident I had 13 years ago
Foreign Invasion
There are some rules when living next to the woods. Ignore the lights in the trees.
Strange things happen in my town, Chapter 2 part 1
My city has been cut off from the world and overrun with monsters. I have a set of rules to stay alive. Rule #11: Sometimes YOU are the monster
The sleep watcher
My town ins under quarantine, now i'm afraid to go outside
I helped burn down a house last night, and I don’t regret it.
Creative Differences
The ostracism of my brother and the doom that came thereafter
Double Date
Never go to Dinko's Dino Diner.
All I have left to say
The man in my basement takes one step closer every week. [Part 12]
a couple of my paranormal experiences:)
My name is Cassandra
I’m stationed on the Falkland Islands with the British Army. There’s a reason these islands are so important. [Part 2]
I have this obsession with maggots. It all started after I met an old woman on the London Underground.
My elf on the self.....
Has your dog ever had worms?
My elf on the self moved at night when I was a kid
Svetla
I've seen a man witness true virtual reality. He didn't remember what he experienced, but begged us to let him in again.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
2 Sentence Horror Stories - #1
I’m a...different..kind of police officer, and I trained a group of SpecOps in “handling Dogmen”.
I run a cam service for monsters. I need to be very careful about the clients I select. [Pt.2]
My mother died last week today she came back...
The Outside House
DON'T BUY THE ACME CIGARETTES!
Just a dream (part 2)
Can anyone remember this story?
Just wanted to remind you guys that mods deleted the evil baby story from u/jordancampbell
House-Sitters Wanted, No Experience Needed!
The Frosty The Snowman Kidnapping
The Frosty The Snowman Kidnapping
The Frosty The Snowman Kidnapping
The Frosty The Snowman Kidnapping
Interview 69740: Frosty The Snowman Kidnapping
The Void is coming. Your reality is breaking apart.
Excerpt from a story i'm writing called "Cult Of Ayuwoki" (based off the game Escape The Ayuwoki)
I remember the times....
A Warning to the Curious About Astral Projection
My Soul was Taken From me in the Astral Plan (A warning to the curious)
The eyes in the snow.
The eyes in the snow.
Rabies is the most no sleep thing EVER
I Bought A Game Called YOUR CHOICE There Is Something Wrong With My Copy...
I keep getting creepy Dear Santa letters in the mail
The eyes in the snow arent animal ones.
I was in a Saw trap made by a teenager (Part 1). The keys were inside us
2165
The eyes in the dark
I started working the night shift for my local airport. I found a strange list of rules(part 1)
The Thing
I started working the night shift for my local airport. I found a strange set of rules. (Part 1)
Incident Report: August 21st, 2020 – The Demon Core
It wasn’t us part 2
There's a strange newspaper that's only delivered at midnight...(Part 14)
The Christmas Tree?
I'm The Scrap Man!
The Dream of 2000
my habitmy dream
Dear Santa
Willfully Sick
[Part 3] I don't know if this is a dream but I want to leave
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2KWbPsiumlI
Skin.
Present
Deep dark web horror story
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The Attic and the Dining Room
I'm a cam girl. My stalker has a sex doll that looks exactly like me. I think he's been inside my house.
My 1st and only ghost
A diary of benevolence
I Have The Power To Create Creatures By Thinking Of Them
A message in a bottle
The Devil You Know.
DISCORD FOR ALL MY FRIEND WHO DIDNT LIKE TO SLEEP!
It wasn’t us part 2
It wasn’t us part 2
The dark alleyway
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The dark alleyway
The Watching Woman
He Pretended to Be Trump’s Family. Then Trump Fell for It.
Siri
There Was A Man At My Front Door
Where Are You (My first horror attempt)
An Octopus Ate My Mom
The Morningstar | By Me
The Christmas Carol Curse – Ding Dong Merrily or Die
Meeting GFs Mother
Meeting GFs Mother
I'm a special kind of doctor, and I think my latest patient is cursed.
Snowmania
Meeting Girlfriend's Mom
He Was Always There
He Was Always Therr
He was always there
Pets and spirits
My son died of a neck pain, and I don't know how to cope.
My son was complaining about a pain in his neck.
El hotel de las 9 personas , Dia 1
Something is wrong in my town
The mysterious voice
Can't sleep at night due to paranormal events and activities. Would appreciate if someone helped me and advised me what to do.
Upcoming Scary Storytelling Youtube Channel
Favors For Norse Gods: The Party
My Grandfather’s Vietnam Story
Sleep
My Grandfather’s Vietnam Story
My third open letter to Sabrina S.
My Patient is a Parasite (Part 1)
I figured out the real reason why my elderly neighbors had a new teenager help them carry in groceries each week.
Don't enter the house at Kausterman's Farm [part 7]
Past Lives
The Records of Sam Parks - The Return to Chester Mine
WARNING: Never Camp Outside a Haunted Tree
A Warning To The Public
The Devil's Advocate
There is an SMG4 episode not well known by the fandom, and is unpreserved.
The DeVries Killings
There’s a Tunnel Beneath the Jail.
My Grandfather Taught Me, "Evil Will Consume Evil"
My father was a horror writer. One of his stories was true. Part 2
I got a video game from the future Grand Theft Auto 6
No Coincidences in the Woods
I Have The Power To Create Creatures By Thinking Of Them
Buddy, The Ugly Gingerbread Boy
Waiter in the Woods: Recording 1
I guess I don't care
The Last Walk home by Freddegran
I didn't believe in anything supernatural until I had this horrible experience
Walking Sam
I’m stationed on the Falkland Islands with the British Army. There’s a reason these islands are so important.
New shoes
I'm stuck in a video game with 100,000 other players
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The Beast is lurking, and it wants you to follow it.
Is my neighbour a criminal?
Possible Stigmata
Who is this MaN?
I run a cam service for monsters. I need to be very careful about the clients I select.
Sleep Paralysis
the breathing on my shoulder
Who is this MaN (repost bc old got deleted)
I'm not a human, I'm a soul eater. {part 1}
I feel everything
my sleep paralysis experience (maybe?)
My Grandfather Told Me A Horrific Secret Then He Died
Goatman in the Mountains
To all students attending my school: I know the new Japanese girl is super popular, but for your own sake, do not go near her!
Door to No-where
Goatman in the Mountains
Scary Neighbour.
Who is this MaN?
Goatman in the Mountains
Ten years ago, I dedicated my life to studying the paranormal. I think it's time to investigate these lists of rules people keep finding.
The green lake series: HOMECOMING [PART 1]
The green lake series: Homecoming [Part 1]
There's a war going on in Northern Canada, but it's not against HumansThere is a creature or something outside my house waiting for me
A funhouse mirror made my friend suicidal.
The Drive Back
The green lake series [PART 1 - HOMECOMING]
I got stuck with a pet demon. Do you know how scary these things are?
I Think My Roommate Gave Me a Demon
door to no-where
I’m looking for a specific story/series
It was no man who shook my hand.
Hello
The Vulture's Stare
Please, fix my mistake
BeeZong the Clown $75/h reviewed by katherine188 ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
Haunting Hotel Stay stories that happened with me.
The Beginning of the Darkness
I stole a pair of enchanted shoes. Now I'm paying the price. [Pt.2]
Take a good nap
[Part 2] I'm forgetting who I am and I need to get back to my dream
Have you had this nightmare?
Weird dreams
■■■■■■■■■ CORPORATION - SUBREPORT #0004 - THE CHRISTMAS CAROLS
Dream Therapy is a living nightmare.
It wasn’t us part 1
Buy Facebook Page Reviews ( Real Active Account reviews)
Insomnimaniac
I've lived nearly forever and I have a warning
A child followed me home.
(It wasn’t us) part 1
A god of their own
I miss my brother...
(It wasn’t us) part 2
can somebody buy my bEANS
$5 for your response! Do you have trouble sleeping? ( PayPal / Amazon Gift Card )
The Women on the Parkway
The Long Awaited Strike
The Long Awaited Strike
I Would Never Hurt My Dad.
The long awaited strike
I Would Never Hurt My Dad.
Issues cleaning up.
I’m a nanny. I think my new kids are literally monsters.
My inner self is getting stronger than my own self
There's always been a ringing in my ears.
Nightmare In the Woods (Pt 2)
DNA and a lost dog
The Cat's Meow
How to Survive Camping - I'm starting to dislike children
(It wasn’t us ) part 2
I cracked the Christmas Island missing person cases, and it's worse than you can imagine
I created the Wikipedia article of a ghost who can't move on.
(It wasn’t us ) part 2
I Watch Out the Window
I need help please, I'm afraid of myself
He Was Always Watching
It wasn’t us part 1
Closed for more
People I need help, I'm afraid of myself
The Wendigo.
It wasn’t us part 1
Retail is Still Hell
Closed for more.
Exodus
Summoning Frosty the Snowman was a bad idea.
The side effects of misery.
Side effects of misery.
the man.
BEWARE the Animatronic Santa at the Hardware Store!
Formless(part 2)
Can you hear me? Good, It means you´re capable.
Formless(part 2)
I lost all feeling in my right arm
I’m an actor in REDACTED and the REDACTED network have killed my castmates.
Getting to know Nil
I leave my front door wide open at night.
Chimney Rot - An Orphan's Confession
Who am I ?
A Boy Without A Heart
4697635699 for scary stories
I discovered a lost city underneath my house. The escape from Cardath City. (Final)
The Records of Sam Parks - The Black Sun
Ever heard of u/travelingisfun302?
You have to deal with some strange stuff when you live further out. Like zombies.
Who I Blame For Covid-19
I have premonitions, the one I had yesterday will haunt me.
Baby Blues
I'm not real
The Other "Anti-Santa"
The creepy odd town
I walked through the door in the PE hall, now, I'm in hell.
Don’t go to Thorne Wood Campground
oil phrenia dinkum schizo
I Call My Father Every Christmas, This Year He Finally Called Me Back.
The History of the Gunnerson Family Holiday Tradition
Waiter in the Woods: Recording #1
My Last Post.
Waiter in the Woods: Intro
Forgetful
Karang Guni
Never stay in a room full of mannequins even if you don't believe in ghosts.
Sam’s back acreReview: 5-Stars. You HAVE to try the Grilled Cheese
A boy named Jack
Living in the void(My first attempt at writing so any pointer would be appreciated )
The Man in the Top Hat
story of the bookstore. {part 1}
Todays the day!
Chatroom of ColdOne13 {part 3(final)}
Was it a dream
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I think I Died a Little
Photography central
My Cat started talking to me this week. She understands far more about the Universe than you or I.
The Creature of The Ramp Patch
I stole a pair of enchanted shoes. Now I'm paying the price.
I was hired to be a night shift security guard at a hotel and the manager is hiding something evil. [Part 1]
I lost all feeling in my right arm
[Part 1] I don't know where I am and I need your help getting back to my dream
Police found a man’s severed head in a city park. This message was left next to it.
Ashley and the Fat-Cunt.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I wanted to be hot and skinny. This is what I did about it.
Absent 1
There were bees in her brain
My Confession.
Stay away from the "Revenge Hair" spell. I cast it on Halloween, and it won't stop hurting people.
The Face by umpeachii
Nuts and Boltheads.
A Ghostly Trade
Nuts and Boldheads.
A Ghostly Trade
About a couple years ago I was looking through social media and I bump into one odd song that I remember vaguely.
My wife has refused to let me post her work here for years now, even though I keep telling her it belongs here.
My wife has refused to let me post her work here for years now, even though I keep telling her it belongs here.
Close your eyes &amp; type this sentence “I love green”. Show results.
"Karma comes in mysterious ways."
BeeZong the Clown ($75/h) Reviewed by katherine188 ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
The Hotel Visit
In a few days, I’ll likely be dead. Take this as a warning.
Favors For Norse Gods: Eljudnir
The Man Behind Death
DERELICT (Part Two)
I Belong to The Sea
There’s nothing safe about deer hunting in the Alabama forests
My TV used to show the future
The Crush
Do not use Ram's head plumbing.
NOT A STORY: LOOKING FOR A STORY
We found a strange child in the woods. He's my god now. Soon, he'll be yours, too.
Tale of the bunnyman part one..
Why did we came here in first place?
Something pulled me into my bathroom mirror.
Shattered Thoughts
yea i'm not going back there
There was a desire path in front of the Fox Hill house
Encounter with the poop Lord
The Records of Sam Parks - The Family Business
Don't ask Jack: Drama
I have a wierd habit that plows me to disassemble and reconstruct anything at will.
The Records of Sam Parks - The Family Business
The Karang Guni Man
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The old man who screamed at me in my dream and it scared me so badly I woke up.
Daddy and the Devil
I'll never forget
Green eyes
The Smile: Chapter 1
When I was 6 my dog threw up on my computer and I think I cried 🤔🤔
Sometimes The Devil Doesn’t Ask for your Soul
The Girl in the Poolhouse
is anyone there?
I Work For My Local Newspaper (Part 1)
I'm A High School Security Guard Part 1
Nightmare In the Woods (pt 1)
Sewer line to the past
Revisiting the remnants of my burnt down hometown 18 years later (part 1)
I’m a Retired Priest. Recently I’ve taken steps to be ordained again. There’s no going back now.
I found a machine at the bottom of the lake
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
If somebody asks you for a pen, DO NOT give them one
ghosts
What makes a human unique.
https://cutt.ly/SYNAPSE-XT
Talkeetna
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Every night I dreamt of a man with a sack over his head. Last night was different.
In The Rain
Just a dream(part 1)
I'm pretty sure this was real... I did experience it after all.
Just a dream (this is a story,this has nothing to do with real dreams or whatever don’t remove it)
A late walk home
The beginning of the end of “the regime”
the masked creep
I found an old game at a yard sale. When I played it, the the city's power went off.
Weird things happen in my town, and I’m used to it. But now I’m beginning to feel like I’m in danger
seeking explanation
The hurry
Looking for an Explanation
Talkeetna
The Man in the HallwayThe Man in the Hallway Seeks Us.
The Man in the Hallway keeps us in our rooms.
I think I discovered a theme park's horrible secret
I might be a werewolf
Placed (a short story in the works)
Inner monologues of a psychopath
The fox plush
COVID Timeline, Please Help
Favors For Norse Gods: Possession
I accidentally cut a guy off on my drive home. That was a bad move.
I'm a world famous stage magician. My latest trick might be the death of me.
DERELICT (Part One)
I saw something on the evening news that I can't explain
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The husk
Little bastards...
This is a message from the future. If you’re seeing this, it’s already too late.
This is a message from the future. If you’re seeing this, it’s already too late.
The laughing ghost.
Something strange is happening in my home town
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Circus Show
Want to know why 2020 has been a terrible year? I’ll tell you everything from the start.
Daddy and the Devil
Grandfather's Letter, or, The Officer
My city has been cut off from the world and overrun with monsters. I have a set of rules to stay alive. Rule #4 saves me from being an unwilling organ donor
The Records of Sam Parks - Plastic Daddy
Whatever You do, don't enter the Gnarled Forest
The two tailed monkey.
Whatever you do, don't go to the Gnarled forest.
My father was a horror writer. One of his stories was true. Part 1
The Curiosity Machine
KEEPER OF THE NECRONOMICON
Tree People
GIFT FROM GOD...
The monster under my bed was real, but it was not what I expected
Because i covered myself in oil, the story
"because i covered myself in oil" the story
■■■■■■■■■ CORPORATION - REPORT FILE #0002 - THE APARTMENT
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I run a Safe Haven for Monsters. As long as you have hope, there's still a chance.
The Dating Game
Forever 40
It lives in the water.
I’m an actor in [REDCATED] and my castmates are no longer human.
The Death Of A Bachelor
Do you?
I woke up to die
The Morningstar | By Me
ive been stalked by a creature with a mask
When the lights go out in Witch Elm, the darkness of the past returns with a vengeance...
Sleep paralysis entity that it's punishing to me
The Lonely House
Imaginary Friend
A Horrible entity it's provoking me nightmares that even I had to be hospitalized
Evidence item 443: Lighthouse log 4-12-86.
Prometheus, the curiosity machine
Hallucinations become real..
The West Yearn Coroners.
Perun
A Bloody Christmas
How I Lost My Wife
A Just Reward
A dream i had
Ship of Theseus
Favors For Norse Gods: Link
The Request
How to Survive Almost Anything
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The Request
The Thing By The Trees
I am trapped on the ocean floor with only so many hours left of oxygen.
There's a monster in my eyes.
There's a monster in my eyes.
I got out!! But what now...
Just a dream
I was Rear Ended by a Murderer; I Took my Body Back (FINAL)
I was Rear Ended by a Murderer; I Took my Body Back
The Freddy's Events were real. (PT 1)
Somebody help me...
The Scab Collector
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
faith/xavier
Anyone Subleasing In Eerie, Pennsylvania. The Last Guy's Living Room Was Too... Lively
The Records of Sam Parks - The Crying Lady
Ever heard of u/travelingisfun302?
Giant Pandas are Giant Assholes
Not All Monsters Live in the Woods
The Records of Sam Parks - The Crying Lady
The Chronicles of the Graveyard Management Team - Papa can you hear me?
GTA6 / I ACIDDENTALY GOT A GAME FROM THE FUTURE/ GRAND THEFT AUTO 6
The Knocking
There are three ghosts in my home, but there's something wrong with the third one
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
There's a woman I don't recognize in my wedding photos
When I was a kid, I found a strange world outside the window
It's cold in here...
The Light Switch Girl
Templar Anomaly research and repossession Log 2: The Darkness part 1
The WellThe Depth at Tears of The Turtle - Final
Please, Never Lucid Dream
I Don't Think They See It
Please, Never Lucid Dream
It has always been me, isn't it?
I’m finally beautiful. But thankfully there was a warranty.
DeadEnd
Don't look twice at the man in white
Someone stole a story and posted it on youtube
A night of freight
The Deer On Mille Lacs Lake
After Hours
The deer on Mille Lacs lake
The two 18 year old men who went missing on Hill 677
who has true stories?
Brand New Channel
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The only story my Grandfather ever told me about his childhood, is also the story about the last thing he ever saw before going blind.
It's three in the morning, and I'm hiding under the blanket from a monster that very well may not exist.
I used to investigate the Occult: Black Snow
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The Sharer of secrets
Buried
My 5 year old has an imaginary friend, that’s much more sinister than I thought.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Retail is Hell
I died and met my guardian angel. He was never trying to protect me.
Missing Hikers Lost in the Rain
Purple sky
I'm an Underground Fighter, Weird Things Happen Around Halloween- Finale
Dead sights
A Dark Walk on the Beach
The Depth at Tears of the Turtle - The End
The Depth at Tears of the Turtle
Just forgetful?
A Monolith By The Sea
Some Children Know When the Trees are Watching
Everyone says it’s normal for houses to creak at night. Please learn from the worst mistake of my life.
I witnessed the end alongside a floating brain
Pls read my 2 horror stories named Bloody Christmas and Trick Or Die
I died in my sleep... I guess.
My mother told me to never leave my bedroom at 2:47 AM, I should've listened. (Part 1)
I died in my sleep... I guess.
I died in while sleeping... I guess.
Devolve o canal do zangado seus cornos
Something is sleeping in the waters of St.Petersburg
She was under my house.
Something dwells in the waters of St.Petersburg
Something dwells in the waters of St.Petersburg
The Woman In The Woods. (PART 1)
Not a story or anything, but do you think it's scary people might not have lived to make posts here?
Not sure this fits but just read.
I am a hitman.My research on my last target wasn't enough.
I work as an doctor in Korean asylum, there is a patient that are feared by us.
They won’t stop scratching...
**A DECLARATION OF WAR AND INDEPENDENCE**
Weird sounds from a phone number
I need help.
I can never have Sex ever again!
I'm a Pathologist who performs autopsies on nightmares. Laughter is not the best medicine.
The Worm
In my Head (a short story)
Scary stories for possible yt vid
**A DECLARATION OF WAR AND INDEPENDENCE**
My Gift at my Company Christmas Party Kills Germs, As Well As My Co-Workers
I'm a serial killer, my victim that I kidnapped is from a country I've never heard of.
Someone without a head parked his car outside my parents' house
We Need To Progress With Caution!
"skin"
I no longer feel so alone knowing that I am not the only existing person who can see the spirit world.
I Work as a Janitor at a Catholic School Pt. 2 The History
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
k
**A DECLARATION OF WAR AND INDEPENDENCE**
n
Georgie porgie pudding and pie kissed all the girls and sucked out their insides
g
rl
**A DECLARATION OF WAR AND INDEPENDENCE**
I was a beta tester for a smart mirror drug detox and rehab center. The results were terrifying.
**A DECLARATION OF WAR AND INDEPENDENCE**
**A DECLARATION OF WAR AND INDEPENDENCE**
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
**A DECLARATION OF WAR AND INDEPENDENCE**
The Men in the White Van
I'm an Underground Fighter, Weird Things Happen Around Halloween-Part 5 ,1/2
I'm a paranormal detective. My latest client wants me to investigate a cursed list of rules she received in the mail.
A Among Us Horror Story
December 2nd, 2020
I found a box of nutcrackers in the attic. They weren't what I thought they were.
SECOND CHAPTER: I interviewed Mallory Dean - that girl who survived the Hat Man Murders [2]
Wide Set Eyes And Little White Gloves
the ghost hunter
One of the Greats 1.2
Comedic Insight
The Deconstruction of Jasmine
the scariest thing a human can think of
The Empty Courtroom
When an apple a day won't keep the doctors away
The God pill.The reason that I stopped going camping
Envious jealous competitions outsmart best friend
I Think I Saw A Wendigo Through The Train Window
That Damn Elf
I'm a nosleep moderator. u/cmd102 made me post this.
My hometown doesn't exist
I think I have my own personal demon
the ghost hunter
I found a disturbing tape in my attic. And I regret watching it.
I found a strange TikTok video featuring a man with no face. He told me his job, and I wished he hadn't.
Sail on Silver Girl
Sail on Silver Girl
The Project Part I
This is my point of view
We Do Not Go Into the Woods
We Do Not Go Into the Woods
The Project
Favors For Norse Gods: Doggo
I love hunting season. Its finally here
The Records of Sam Parks - The Abstract Hallway
I’m a hot man on the run from the company I work for (part 1)
I am the last speaker of a forbidden language
I am the last speaker of a forbidden language (Part 1)
The Old Woman Behind the Curtain
Never Go to a Djinn's home
I Made A Deal With An Old Man In A Food Court Bathroom (Pt. 15)
Graveyard Party
Graveyard Party
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I’m a hit man and I’m on the run from the company (part one)
Dear Gabriella,
I got a new bird
I Saw It With My Telephoto Lens
I do accounting work for the DOD and my latest case has me stumped
My Recent Experience
I'm a serial killer, my latest victim is from a country I've never heard of.
I got a new bird
"Knock"
chat room of ColdOne13
I run a Safe Haven for Monsters. Things took a nasty turn.
Ho. Ho. Ho. (Part one)
A Man of Myth and Legend
I’m a new employee at the crappy gas station at the edge of town (part 1)
I am afraid to sleep now...
I Didn't Know Lone Deer Was an Anagram Until it Was Too Late, But it Doesn't Matter Now
After what I read today, I'm convinced the television show I starred in was cursed.
The Tall Man in the Top Hat
私はタスクの助けが必要です。
last man
I think I’m being haunted by my nightmares PT.1
Translated Nightmares pt1
I am a sex worker. Sometimes it's hard to know who to trust.
The Mollusk Man
I work in a lamp store. It's starting to smell rotten in here.
I'm a cryptid hunter in training, this (most) of my story.
I will never take it off my earphones.
My unit is overrun by COVID-19, but there is something I fear more than the virus...
I will never take it off.
The unhirable nurse
The Clap Of Death
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The Wicker Saga: Song of Joy, Part 16
I am a retired Private Investigator turned Real Crime Blogger. I have been receiving anonymous manuscripts in the mail detailing heinous acts of appalling psychopathy. The first Manuscript was titled, "High School."
Am I Crazy or Was My House Haunted
The Hidden meaning behind our Dreams ( What are Dreams trying to tell you? )
Shaman of the Old Ones
A Bloody Christmas
I really didn't want to baby sit anymore
I have faced the ultimate horror
The stupid demon is ruining my life!
Retro-Lite
No Sleep is a trap! And we are all falling for it...
The Smiler.
Winter smile.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I don't think I ever really left the hospital.
Side Effects May Vary pt.2
I hear people's last words every time.
Why are people so easy?
Side Effects May Vary pt.2
Winter smile.
Side Effects May Vary pt.2
Not a creepypasta, even though I wish it was. This is something actually happening to me and I don't know what to do.
A White Chess Piece Arrived In The Mail Today (PART 1: Bishop)
The Villisca Axe Murder House (True Story)
The incident at Auburn Middle School.
How to Survive Camping - a bridle of flesh
Titles, an excerpt of law pt 1: the Lord of bones
The Wendigo
It Burns
My husband leaves our house every night at 3 am.....and comes back exactly an hour later, drenched in blood. (Part 1)
I'm a serial killer, but the latest victim I've kidnapped came from a town I've never heard of.
I've Made A Terrible Mistake.
I don’t like Deer.
[Update] Caution to those who swipe right on every profile on Tinder, or how having a monster girlfriend is pretty awesome, mostly...
I need actual help. I have no idea where else to post this.
Friendly Trees pt.?
Amaurot
Amaurot
Road Trip Diner12/01/20
My Husband And I Bought An Abandoned Psychiatric Hospital, Everything Was Going Well Until It Didn't. Part 2
The Dark Forest
Night at the Dead Kid's House
I will only ever dance in my Luchesse's
Did you ever heard about Lake Baikal?
Have You Ever Heard of a Game Called Relevancy?
A Red Rose, Or A White?
A vision
Psychedelic. Snapchat... P_trips420
The Cemetery Files Part 1
Haunted places
I found a hidden feature in Windows 10, I wish I never enabled it.
I'm an Underground Fighter, Weird things Happen Around Halloween- Part 4
Side Effects May Vary
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Transmission
Why Won’t it Let Me Sleep?
Lost
I found a phone on a beach with an audio diary.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
MY CHILDHOOD WAS FULL OF NIGHTMARES
I work the midnight shift at this 7/11, and my customers are an interesting batch.
Dark Insomnia
I'm a nosleep mod. u/cmd102 said I could post this.
Ancient Gods, A Cult, and Spontaneous Combustion: Part 1
I'm trapped in the house atop the hill, and now hate secret tunnels [Part 2]
Memoirs of quarantine
They're all around us; they just choose not to show themselves
Maybe it's schizophrenia
I work in a restaurant for cannibals; but I'm the only human employee. [FINAL]
I learned a very valuable lesson about Land Law after taking a Tinder date to the beach.
Why Ghosts Induces Fear?
It lurks
The plant in my living room is evolving into something terrifying
Dissonance
Drips
Help With A Sleep Tracking App
The man in my basement takes one step closer every week. [Part 11]
Meeting your doppelganger is bad luck
I know this is not a story but I actually had no sleep last night
I Was Sent Away to a Young Offenders Camp . . . [Part Two]
Haunted Headphones
I have resorted to extreme measures to escape Professor Egghead (FINALE)
What happened here?
The Records of Sam Parks - The Shadows of Chester Mine
do not look for the lost pyro
There's A Lost Cartoon Out There That Makes People Disappear. I Watched It
The chatroom of ColdOne13 {repost}
A followed haunting
Shadow...
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Do not look for the lost pyro
Nah
My Wife Died and Now She Won’t Let Me Go
The Man With a Face of All Wrinkles
Charter School Survival Guide – Don’t Approach Idling Cars at Night
Our marriage is being managed by Reddit users
No one could have ruined Thanksgiving more than our brother did.
what does this mean?
My Town is A Mess Of Issues [Part 2]
I'm an elevator repairman - The finale - How to escape from hell
There's something in the mountains of Afghanistan, and it doesn't want us there.
During flight, a mysterious travel app appeared on my phone.
I run a safe haven for monsters. We might have to deal with a very powerful enemy.
Something Leaves A Gift On My Steps Each Month.
The Granger Estate (1)
Nanny mcphees younger sister nanny Joyce likes to discpline sick and old people
Nanny mcphees younger sister nanny Joyce likes you discipline old and sick people
I met him at the abandoned church 3
My dog found his previous owner.
Where's my brother?
Schadenfreude
Operation
Pay attention when you sleep
Favors For Norse Gods: Shapeshifter
My Return to the Half Priced Voodoo Store (Finale)
Something just happened to me.
Koolhydraatarme lunch
Working to Death
Something just happened to me.
The man in the corner of my room is inconsistent. [FINAL]
The Courtesan's Blade
Uncle Ron's Funeral
If you find a hot spring in New Hampshire, don't drink the water.
Acheron's dream: an artificial horror storry
Clap of Death
Just your average Tuesday.
the monster man thing
Knocking
The Closed Files 2
WHAT A GHOST ENDURES WHEN YOU COMMUNICATE WITH A OUIJA BOARD
Knocking
I'm an Underground Fighter, Weird things Happen Around Halloween- Part 2
Footsteps in the attic
In the Doghouse
Welcome To Charlie’s: I Work At a Grocery Store That Might Be a Portal To Hell
The Investigation of Bernardette Parker
terror in familyI'm alone. I know you're out there. Where are you?
Playing with demons and their consequences
Another Conversation with Nil, the shadow from my closet
Essential
Welcome To The Cabin
I’m no snitch
In the forests of Canada lurks a monster. Our camping group was unfortunate enough to become its prey.
I am a NASA employee and there is something headed for Earth
I visited my best friend after 5 years..something made her a lunatic (Part 2)
PSA: Don't forget your phone when you're in the forest
story (and rules) of the school kitchen (part 1)
nosleep moderator u/cmd102 approved this post
r/nosleep is looking for new mods!
I Received A Text From An Unknown Number That Shouldn’t Exist, And It Knows Things About Me That I've Never Told Anyone
Saw a weird thing last Friday 11/30/20
Weird ally behind my job 11/30/2020
the creature that infiltrated my life
The Highway Man
I had this very strange 'dream' when I was a kid.
chatroom of user ColdOne13
This Was Not a Normal Case of The Flu
I had this very strange 'dream' when I was a kid.
I Wish I Never Discovered This Website
Mr. Jones Had a Fright
The Job of a Lifetime.
Constriction: A Forbidden Test, § 1
I'm never camping again.
I found a phone on a beach with an audio diary.
The Wendigo
King of Mars
Our infant baby boy gave me and my wife permission to go back to being child free again
Geckohead
The Taxi Cab.
Geckohead
I'm stuck in my personal hell
There was an outbreak on a planet the doesn't exist anymore....I'm here to explain what happened
I work in a lamp store. We sell light in the shape of bad fortune.
The clouds are brown. (Follow-up)
"Marigold"
I visited my best friend after 5 years..something made her a lunatic (Part 2)
When you go to heaven, stay away from the angels.
"Marigold"
Something Beneath the Floorboards
The Taxi Cab.
Hiking stories gone wrong (Two True Scary Hiking Stories gone wrong )
My friends and I went hunting for wraith gems. I wish we'd never found them.
Hiking stories gone wrong (Two True Scary Hiking Stories gone wrong )
I run a safe haven for monsters. The Tunguska event started something terrible for all of us.
Littlefootxx
I’m a dream therapist for a company you’ll never hear about.
Littlefootxx
The Footsteps in the Attic
Cure to loneliness !
I found letters that my aunt had written to her deceased son.
We Always Existed
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Synapse XT was developed to create a healthy climate and environment for the brain. The brain needs certain nutrients to promote the healthy reception of neurotransmitters throughout the day, and many of these ingredients eliminate toxins that can cause new damage.
Last week I went on a hike, I will never recover...
Last week I went hiking, I'll never recover.
Short story I just wrote. It’s called the Wendigo
The life of a real 'psychic'
I think I’m being followed part 1 and 2
come check me out goddess_kahli
Last week I went for a hike, It didn't go as planned.
Driving down I-70 scary experience
The devil in the forest.
I’m being followed part 1 ans 2
It's foggy and the sky is red
DISPLAY COMING SOON
dont say anything
Beware of the Skin-wearers
There is no comfortable place for my tongue in my mouth
Something impersonating a Greek goddess is out to get me.
Twenty Questions
Writer Looking For A Collaboration
Send Help To Tarrant, Maine
Swing Vote
The Green Lake Series [PART 1 - HOMECOMING]
I lost a friend five years ago. Now she has returned. [Pt 1]
I just heard something disturbing on my car radio.
A tiny intruder story I had
I did marijuana JUST ONCE, and now my life isn’t how I remembered it to be - PLEASE send help
I visited my best friend after 5 years..something made her a lunatic. (Part 2)
I’m being followed part 1 and 2
I think I’m being followed part 2
I think I’m being followed part 2
I think I’m being followed part 2
I think I’m being followed part 2
I think I’m being followed part 2
The Police Don’t Have to Protect You, Constitutionally
I think I’m being followed part 2
I think I’m being followed part 2
The Police Don’t Have to Protect You (Constitutionally)
I'm an Underground Fighter, Weird Things Happen Around Halloween -Part 1
Have you ever wanted to kill someone?
I thought I finally had my own room. Instead, I shared it with a man who wouldn't stop opening my window.
I am a 40 year old man and my mother is still giving birth to me
The Woods Are Always Dangerous at Night
Swing Vote
My crazy mindAIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I fell asleep at the bus stop. I'll never do it again
The Way The World Ends (Part Five)
The Way The World Ends (Final Part)
Please don't report that picture.
Southern Visitation
I’m a dentist for monsters. Sometimes it’s better to say goodbye.
Delusions
The Closed Files
Delusions
My Dog is not acting himself and its getting creepy
Delusions
You Are What You Meat
My repeating encounter
Conversation with Nil, the shadow from my closet
Have I Fallen Victim to Stockholm Syndrom?
The emeral orchid
The Emerald Orchid - Creepypasta (My first story)
The weeping woman outside of my shower.
A series of abnormal events
It was actually an average house.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I visited my best friend after 5 years..something made her a lunatic.
Im a babysitter for one family, and after what happend… im never coming back
Are you, Among Us?
My job at Leichenberg Manor, a really haunted house
The Cry of the Cat
I visited my best friend after 5 years..something made her a lunatic. (Part 2)
I visited my best friend after 5 years..something made her a lunatic. (Part 2)
The Russian sleep experiment
The Wendigo
My house did not look as it should be
The Wendigo
I found a new hiking trail. I wish I never saw what was at the end of it.
Some context to "i visited my best friend..something made her a complete lunatic"
Some context to "i visited my best friend...something made her a lunatic."
I work in a restaurant for cannibals; but I'm the only human employee. [Part 2]
The enigma of Roger Roundhead and the Trashmen
One of Our Cattle Started Biting
One Night I Was Alone In The House Then I Saw Something Evil Outside
Am I going crazy?
My friend with a weird mouth.
I'm a baker in a war
I live in a wild, beautiful place, but things have gotten a little too wild lately.
I just wanted some beer
If you see a man with crooked antlers, pray you aren't alone.
The Door 190
I acknowledged the existence of the old woman who offers cookies. I don't have long left
Desolate Water: Part 1
Desolate Water: Part 1
[Mental holder tv] 중년부부의 슬프도록 웃긴 청력테스트. 그결과는?
If all goes to hell head east at all costs
The story of Nathan. He is not dead according to statistics.
We can kill the time like bittersweet lullabies
i visited my best freind after 5 years..something made her a lunatic.
Red Woods
I visited my best friend, she's a complete lunatic..
I visited my best friend, she's a complete lunatic..
This isn't Emily
Dinner Time
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I see only schizophrenia made things
The Mask I Made Scared People Unconscious
LOOKED FOR A VENT.. :)
My Return to the Half Priced Voodoo Store (Part 6)
I Think My Wife 28F Is Cheating On Me, What Do I Do?
Be careful in cottage country
I Think My Wife (28F) Is Cheating On Me - What Do I Do?
I think I’m being followed
Uncle Peter walked on the ceiling
I think I’m being followed
If you're trying to get pregnant, don't make the same mistake we did.
The Humming Woman
The Mirror Killer
The unimaginable happened during my first shift as a traffic cop by the sea.
Logs from Fire Tower “Rising Sun”
The woods at the back of my house has something in it.
How to Survive Camping - a strip of skin
this will truly keep you up
The Truth
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
A caution for those who swipe right on every profile on Tinder...
I’m Being Chased by a 8 Ft. Tall Man
The Truth
I’m a cook at Big Poppa’s Burger Joint and we have a secret recipe
I Work as a Janitor at a Catholic School Pt. 2
Airplane friends
I'm a Replenishable Organ Donor
I met some strange deer in the woods.
Podcasts welcome
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
$10k Blueprint - Step-By-Step Guide To Earning $10,000+ Per Month
r/No sleep. When I blinked my whole location changed. The place was horrifying.
I’m a Retired Priest. Recently I’ve taken steps to become ordained again. This is my cross to bear.
Shadow seeds were supposed to prevent my family from going hungry. Instead it brought a world of trouble.
Everyone loves my dad's flower shop...they shouldn't
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Why I Can't Watch Britcoms -Finale
I bought a laptop off of eBay and found this strange video on it
White walkers aren't real; and they definitely don't squat in abandoned houses. pt. 1My "me too" moment while hitchhiking
My "me too" moment while hitchhiking
The government had to reduce my daughter's freedom and rights for her own protection
A Lucid Dream
Leaky Pipe
We were told never to eat the expired peanut butter sandwiches...
What a Ghost Endures Through a Ouija Board PART ONE
The Way The World Ends (Part Four)
The hut stood on a narrow sandBank in the middle of my fjord.
Whats the story that u read about or happened to you that made you afraid to sleep ?
My Neighbor is a Serial Killer. But It’s Not What You Think.-Part One
The hut stood on a narrow sandBank in the middle of my fjord.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The Funeral
If your Car has a Second Shadow and Nothing Casting it, DO NOT STOP
I received strange instructions from a Nintendo game counselor as a kid...
Don’t go to the arcade
Please don’t play with that man
The Way The World Ends (Part Four)
Don’t play in the run down arcade (sorry if the stories bad)
Has anyone been to Chester's Kidzone?
A Needle &amp; Thread: Part 2
The beach used to be my happy place
What is the meaning of three knock on a door?
On Her Deathbed, My Grandma Told me The Family Secret is a Murderous Being That Gets Passed Down
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
My Grandmother Wrote Me a Letter on Her Deathbed, and Told Me The Family Secret is Murder
Probably Just a Bear
Probably just a bear
The report said that it had black eyes, an impossibly wide smile, and razor sharp teeth.
Probably a bear
■■■■■■■■■ CORPORATION - REPORT FILE #0002 - THE APARTMENT
■■■■■■■■■ CORPORATION - REPORT FILE #0002 - THE APARTMENT
Some buildings need to stay abandoned,part three
I work in a lamp store. For some bloody reason, I'm supposed to take night shifts now
Are you, Among Us?
Templar Anomaly research and repossession Log 1: Schmugglers Gier
Real story
Death/l surgery/feft abusive bf same day/tick tock lost my mind
The ghost of the well?
5:57 A.M....
I need your suggestion for creepypasta's
Has anyone else experienced this?
The Art of The Wendigo Ch.2 Fear is Only Lucid
The day we decided to live.
Mellow mountain magearna(Pokemon creepypasta inspired by the flatwood monster)
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I’m A Vampire &amp; I Investigate The Supernatural. They Have Serial Killers Too
A Walk of Fresh Air
Deadly Advertisment.
The Skeletal Grin
Warning: Don’t Open the Book “Ditty Dotty Deety Dum” [Part 6]
Old Mister Morton
It was one of those nights where its too hot to sleep.
I was invited to partake in a treasure hunt with some of my lifelong friends. You will never believe what we uncovered.
The woman in my attic started walking towards me today
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
That thing crawling in my dad's friend restaurant.
I woke up mysteriously at 1 am
Sleep Paralysis
Sleep Paralysis
sleep paralysis
Sleep Paralysis
Never whistle at night, or the dead might think you want them to come for a night
Whatever you do if you are younger then 20, get the words purple mirror out of your damn head before you turn 20, or you will die in your 20th birthday,
Sleep Paralysis
This isn’t a fake story idk where to go and it seems like people here r awake considering the title of the subreddit
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
"The Hallway"
My first hunt
I rejected her and she made my life a living hell
I decided to work as a baby sitter, never again.
Donald Wolly in the anime was better than JOE!!!!
I used to be a babysitter...
I used to be a Babysitter...
My Night at My Haunted School (Part 1)
The Cemetery Part 1
I bought a laptop off of eBay and found this weird video on it.
I drove in the snow and regret everything about it
If you see a man with crooked antlers, don't listen to the screams.
The writhing
This is Art
Dear Gabriella,
The writhing | I'll continue if y'all like it
I bought a laptop off of eBay and found this strange video on it...
The Last Bittallion
Don't ever miss your train [Part 4]
Dreaming
The Forest
The government is after me
The red cloaks are in town (part 5 - Final)
I hate length of badges. And I want you to trigger me by giving me as much badges as you can. (Kinda don't know where to post this so I post it here)
How a raven helped me find a murderer
I’m still trapped in a mystery basement. [part 2]
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I run a Safe Haven for Monsters. We’re back in business, for now.
The Survey
Mom is Sad
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The Chronicles of the Graveyard Management Team - You’ve won an all expenses paid vacation!The Weird Feeling
Mom is crying
[Part 2] Obtained a laptop from my aunt. I don't know what to do next.
Why I Can't Watch Britcoms- Part 6
Giant man trying to get through doorframe
My first hunt
The eviltree in the woods
My Secret Camp: The hunt.
Do You Know of the Moonchild?
Unborn babies choice
The song of the angels
I'm a Pathologist who performs autopsies on nightmares. This autopsy talked back.
Mr. Reynolds
The night job
A simple safety tip for using public bathrooms at night
Tom Turkey
The Forest[Part 2]
Eu os vi criar Deus
The Forest[Part 1]
There's a church that meets at midnight
The Forest[Part 1]
The Forest[Part 1]
The Story of You
I work in a restaurant for cannibals; but I'm the only human employee.
The Forest(part 1)
I'm imprisoned in my own room by an inhuman Dread.
This is the story of how I died. More specifically, this is the story of how I am going to die
What Goes On In My Cat's Head?
Gertrude
One last dance
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
What you need to know to survive your first night on the street, Part 2 of 2
Down here in the tent city of Mavris, we run the block!
Now that you’ve heard about a radio show called the Everlasting Man, maybe it’s time to forget all about it?
In 2019, I went on tour with the Antichrist – Part 2
Mr Ershobald Barton wants to kill every single one of you.
Mom and I lived in the woods
He’s just making a sandwich
The Way The World Ends (Part Three)
I saw SOMETHING
My True Story
Sleep paralysis
sleep paralysis
Not what I was expecting
I paid an agency to help fake my own death. It didn't go as planned.
Short but quick true story
Short quick story. I didn’t believe In ghost until I moved in my first Apt
I killed myself to be with my dead wife and daughter. As it turns out, heaven is not a friendly place.
A Warning to Nosleep's Authors
I paid an agency to help me fake my own death. It didn't go as planned.
The letter K will keep me safe. The other letter will kill me.
Spider
It starts with a sinking feeling
[Part 2] Obtained a laptop from my aunt. I don't know what to do next.
It starts with a sinking feeling
The eye-less watcher
My cat would've died if I fell asleep
A Needle &amp; Thread: Part 4
A Needle &amp; Thread: Part 3
A Needle &amp; Thread: Part 2
A Needle &amp; Thread: Part 1
The “Thing” In the fields
This is my story where I began my love for cryptozoology and monster hunting.
I'm never exploring abandoned places again
This is how much PredictMag users are making
Please start your comment with the letter K or I will die
Family Tradition
My sister was a sociopath. Then she got surgery.
I used to visit my Mother's Grave - Part 1
Demonic Encounter
Ever heard of the Demon's Shot Game?
Demonic encounter
I shouldn't have went in his room
If you see a man with crooked antlers, it may already be too late for you.
Titan
Warning: Don’t Open the Book “Ditty Dotty Deety Dum” [Part 5]
I run a Safe Haven for Monsters. This is why we need a fucking curfew.
Rabbit heads keep showing up at my door
.... . .-.. .--. / -- . / .--. .-.. . .- ... .
I work as a Janitor at a Catholic School
Battle of the Blackened Friday
I am stuck in a lucid dream
Why I Can't Watch Britcoms -Part 5
The well in our garden
5 creepiest encounters people had
I played a private Skribble.IO room and something disturbing happened
I exchanged my Baby Teeth for Favors
Im 90 percent sure I was attacked by a ghost.
A text from Grandma
I got a text from my Grandma (Long)
blank soup room explained (look at comments to this post for explanation
I am visited from time to time by a strange entity,I hoped the first visit would be the also the last one....But I was wrong
I dared my friends to hunt me down. [finale]
The Dollmaker
THE SCISSORMAN
Our teacher doesn't call us by our real names but by our future potential
I want to be your friend.
There is no celler.
Some buildings need to stay abandoned, part two
The life of an AquariusI will never explore abandoned buildings again, part two
They Mess with Me in my Dreams
I found a usb in the woods. Now im being watched
My roommate has been acting weird. I think she is a Japanese legendary creature.
OMG I SAW THE GLOBGLOGABGALAB
I found an old, sealed letter under a floor tile in my bathroom - Part 1 of 2
The Nightmare
Cravings
My doctor keeps changing his clothes everytime I try to explain my illness to him
I don't care what you've heard, Smanta Claws is real. And he's just eaten my brother.
The man in the corner of my room has never turned around.
When All Is Quiet
A disturbing confession from a YouTuber with over 5 million subscribers.
A Simple Game of Hide and Seek
Angolan civil war true story
If you see this demon CALL ME SO I KNOW HE ISNT THE ONLY ONE
If you see this demon CALL ME SO I KNOW HE ISNT THE ONLY ONE
Deadly Reality TV Series
If you see this demon CALL ME SO I KNOW HE ISNT THE ONLY ONE
3:13
If you see this demon CALL ME SO I KNOW HE ISNT THE ONLY ONE
Would you hurt yourself for money?
The story of a little town in the hills
My Repeating Story...
My Repeating Story...
My Scary Repeating Situation.
Have you ever heard about a radio show called The Everlasting Man?
Something unimaginably awful happened to my best friend.
Something happened in the bus under the rain
Something happened in the bus under the rain
The Albino Deer
Archer's Deal
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Crying lady
Walking Home Alone
[Part 1] Obtained a laptop from my aunt. I don't know what to do next.
Gone and Forgotten
Creepy guy on the internet.
Creepy guy on the internet.
Quarantine
Confessions of A Cemetery Caretaker Part 1
My best friend died 4 years ago. I'm meeting him again tonight.
What Was Left Behind
The Love Beyond
Reasons why you should keep watching porn
Working in the old courthouse after dark
STUCKED
Secrets, Lust &amp; Fear
The Story I Forgot
fact I found online
I Hit Something With My Car
My sleep paralysis demon is real.
Law &amp; Spirits
A subway horror.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The Thing in the Woods
"Strange Dreams"
The Selkrons Family.
Its hunting us [part 2]
I found a game on r/nosleep
It's Inside Your House
Spiced Mead // short gothic story
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I run a Safe Haven for Monsters. Keeping track of my guests is top priority.
I played in a Skribble.IO private room and something happened
I'm Finally out, and I'm coming back
The chair of gluttony
the hidebehind
The shadow's whisper.
Residence: Clackers
Warning: Don’t Open the Book “Ditty Dotty Deety Dum” [Part 4]
An Echo in the Bone
Something Crashed In The Woods Near My House Lastnight
Sunday Morning Jog
My Return to the Half Priced Voodoo Store (Part 5)
An Echo in the Bone
There was something indescribably wrong with the Thanksgiving turkey.
If you see a man with crooked antlers, you need to read this as a matter of life and death.
Case #89
Why I Can't Watch Britcoms -Part 4
My slumber party horror story
I discovered a lost city underneath my house. The scourge of the Cardath people.
I got pulled up onto the wrong boat
It’s Probably Time to Talk About my Experiences
Babysitting Experience
50 Days In The Briny Deep
In 2019, I went on tour with the Antichrist – Part 1
Ever Since The House Next Door Was Boarded Up, I Hear Noises In The Loft At Night
A Letter to my Son Dixon
Every night after I've fallen asleep, a tunnel appears beneath my bed. I've decided it's time to follow it down.
The Creature of the Night
Thanksgiving Special: Carvin’ Marvin’s Marvelous Meat Emporium
hello
I Just Woke Up And I Don't Remember Who I Am [Part 6}
The Black Crystal Heart
I Just Woke Up And I Don't Know Who I Am [Part 6, Final Part]
I dared my friends to hunt me down. [part 2]
I’m an actor in REDCATED, and my castmates are no longer human.
Mr. Shands
I dared my friends to hunt me. [part 2]We Tried to Find a Witch in the Cemetery, We Found Worse
The Daily Tasks of a Harbormaster's Apprentice - Checking the Mooring Field
I found a game on r/nosleep
We Tried to Find a Witch in the Cemetery, but We Found Worse (non-fiction)
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I'm an Immigration Attorney and I've Seen Some Things: Case File Svetlana Ivanov (Part 2)
The hospital I was in had a cat that comforted the patients that were close to death
What you need to know to survive your first night on the street, Part 1 of 2
What you need to know to survive your first night on the street [1 of 2]
The Way The World Ends (Part Two)
The Way The World Ends (Part Two: The Other Place)
I Think I Grabbed the Wrong Baby
Little Dancer
Little Dancer [OC]
The Madness Paradox
I'm a top executive at an international burger franchise. You don't want to know what you've been eating.
RIP Maradona
The Man
The Man (A Short Story)
I think we just became part of a new ecosystem (final)
1987
BlackFriday Boom, Earn money #onlineearnmoney
My town does not mourn the dead like other towns. Week two: Faith.
Dora the Explorer
The Way The World Ends [Part Two: The Other Place]
Springtime of Youth
My girlfriend spoiled an anime ending for me so....I killed her.
The thing eating tourists in Bear Mountain State Park is not a actually a bear
My town does not mourn the dead like other towns. Week two: Faith.
I relapsed into my old ways need help
We lost my brother on Halloween and this is how it happened no matter how crazy it sounds...
Dark web group on telegram cost 25$ entry comment if u want sauce
haha
Lisa won't let me sleep. Tuesday.
TOday we Ran To the beach and made sURE to have lots of fun
TOday we Ran To the beach and made sURE to have lots of fun
Mysterious Creatures Invaded The Neighborhood, Now I'm Afraid To Leave The Bunker
My hometown suffered a forgotten past: When children suddenly went missing, we discovered Rubik’s Cubes at the exact locations they were last seen.
I almost died yesterday, but then I met the strangest person
has anyone ever had a weird dreams
The Battle of Stamberg
Mysterious and unknown doppelgänger
BEWARE: Deadly, vintage cake stand – Boston area.
I want to set the world on fire. (A short trip into psychosis)
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
insomnia hotline
The Thanksgiving Horror That Occurred in My Hometown
Everybody is gone, and I'm the last person on Earth. Supposedly. (Part 1)
Doctor Scratch's Museum of Pain [Part 1]
Trivia, why not, anyone can remember things, right?
Suck it
When being a trivia nerd (and an interdimensional being) ruin your Fridays
When being a trivia nerd (and an interdimensional being) ruin your Fridays
Shouldn't have given her the drink...
Wpspxkmdekskskwowpwlskwk
The West Yearn Coroners: part 1
Shapeshifters
This cemetery is home to more than just the dead. I've seen something horrible twice, and it terrifies me.
The demon-ghost wants me to date him?!??!?
Something haunted me for years... This is the worst thing it did.
Where is Grandpa?
Animal Attack Premonition
There is something in the field behind my house
There is a field behind my house and there has been some weird things have happening
I work for a cafe. Last night I finally got to go inside.
The Screaming at The Catholic School I Work At.
THE SIME
I Made A Deal With An Old Man In A Good Court Bathroom (Pt. 14)
My good friend
I run a Safe Haven for Monsters. Sometimes they don’t get along
My phone wont stop breathing.
Insanity Zero: Camp Pickleweed (part two)
My good friend.
Insanity Zero: Camp Pickleweed (part two)
Daddy’s Home
I used to travel to schools to take yearbook pictures. One day I went to a school that does not exist.
I Robbed the Wrong house...
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I AM God. But I'm nothing like you'd think. Sorry.
I have a Demon Serving as my “Guardian Angel” AMA!
I TRIED A GAME FROM R/NOSLEEP
Death Clock
The Daily Tasks of a Harbormaster's Apprentice - The Intro
Lights By the Roadside
Don't Drink The Lake Water
The demon
The Loss of a Child
I dared my friends to hunt me down.
The thing eating tourists in Bear Mountain State Park is not a actually a bear
Demon in the shed
Why I Can't Watch Britcoms-Part 3
The end of the rope
The end of the rope
kind of bird with human hand head and legs
I never should've came out as Pansexual to my homophobic friend
The blackout killed my brother
https://www.cnn.com/style/amp/utah-monolith-art-trnd/index.html
kind of bird with human hand head and legs
Anything my daughter draws, comes to life
Biggest horror Story : yesterday I saw the mother from a friend of my class 😩AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
If you ever watch a VHS tape titled 'Professor Egghead's Adventures' don't go to sleep.
Day by Day by Day
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
My Old Home.
I don't feel safe at my college campus anymore
ARE YOU GETTING ENOUGH SLEEP
The Way The World Ends
Michael Wants Out
Blood Pie
I haven't left my apartment in nearly five years. It's mostly fine.
Afternoon run
Ghosts of the Triangle Hunt Club
My town does not mourn the dead like other towns. Week one: Starvation.
Charter School Survival Guide – Don’t Use the Phantom Wi-Fi
Emotional Support Canadians are NOT What You Think. [Part 2] [Final]
The Ant
Emotional Support Canadians are NOT What you think. [Part 2 / Final Update]
Eight Feet Tall Story
My best friend has a different sister every year.
There's safety in fours
An otherworldly man and paranormal entities [Part 1] The arrival
An otherworldly man and paranormal entities Part 1 The arrival
Watch out.
The man in white
Please don’t drink to many caffeinated drinks.
I never should've asked my girlfriend to take her mask off.
PARIS: HOW I ESCAPED THE CLUTCHES OF A DARK CURSE IN THE CITY OF THE CATACOMBS
There Was A Noise Coming From The Back Of The Hearse
Sleep Paralysis Phenomena, or SPP
There’s something wrong with my body, but I’m terrified that it’s too late to fix
Sleep Paralysis Phenomena (SPP)
A Weird Player in My Minecraft Server Helped Me Realize A Horrible Truth.
It's hunting us [part 1]
Don't spy on strangers
The Black Heart
Diary of a serial killer (pt1)
'The Empty World'
My Night Out -Part 1-
Child trafficking in South America
Don't spy on strangers
PSA: If you use Facebook or Oculus products/services, you are supporting a criminal organization
It all seemed so wonderful so beautiful and free
Clatter and Knock
I knew there was a kidnapper in my town, and he captured me. PART-2
Creepy guy behind the dumpster.
The Truth
The Truth
Knock Knock | Scary creepiest story happened for real .
I got a job as a night guard at the supermarket and its terryfying in here
If you can't sleep
Weird coincidence
I interviewed Mallory Dean - that girl who survived the Hat Man Murders [1]
The Deer
I met an arctic research team. Things got weird fast.
Black Friday Online BOOM
I Went Back to White Rock Creek - Part I
I work for a diner. Last night I finally got to go inside.
Insanitt zero: Camp Pickleweed (part two)
My abnormal sleep paralysis.
Two days ago there was an oil spill you probably didn't hear about
I just got a new Job at the supermarket and these rules seem unusual. part 1
My mother finally told me how my grandma was cursed
Horizontes Antagônicos’ Mass Hysteria Experiment
My work at “De officiis inanibus” Part 1 the meeting
My work at “De officiis inanibus” Part 1 the meeting
I work at “De officiis inanibus” Part 1 The meeting
I work at “De officiis inanibus” Part 1 The meeting
11/17/99
I run a Safe Haven for Monsters
a man was following me (story)
My Employee the Voodoo Puppet (Part 4)
"Awesome Italiano Quest"
Do you hear it?
Don't let your children read this book.
Why I quit being a paramedic.
I'm an actor in REDCATED and my castmates are no longer human.
Whatever you do, don't fall behind in the Toronto Marathon.
Weird McDonald’s experience
Fathomless
Run little prey, run
Help. I’m so scared
Insanity Zero: Camp Pickleweed (Part two)
Insanity Zero: Camp Pickleweed (part two)
Dear Gabriella,
LSD true story
The beast killer
LSD true story
Here's why you should always skip podcast ads.
There is an audio recording of everything that's ever happened on Earth and it's imperative that you know about it.
My Brother's Thanksgiving
Insanity Zero: Camp Pickleweed (part two)
Why I Don't Watch Britcoms- Part 2
A deeply repressed dream
Welcome to Charlie’s: Your Local Family Department Store. Cashiers &amp; Professional Wendigo Hunter Wanted.
I think we just became part of a new ecosystem
I got a job as a programmer, the game company I work in has very weird rules [part 1]
When you see the game named ‘Inside’, don’t ever play it! [part 1]
Night shift at the motel [Part 1]
I Found This Journal in My New House, Now I'm WorriedI found out how Ms. Wheeler wins the pumpkin growing contest
I’m never going to a McDonalds Drive-Thru again [Part One]
I think I have been branded.
the cookie
STOP SCROLLING!! don't let get too high on DOPIMINE
A dead girl sat next to me at school.
My Best Friend Was Taken From Me Today.
My Best Friend Was Taken From Me Today.
I am a sex worker. This is the story of the Wormpocalypse.
Расскажите свои страшные истории в которые никто не верит
I used to work as a security guard in a mall, but there was something very wrong with that place (Part 1)
I started working as a security guard in a mall, but I feel like something's very wrong with this place (Part 1)
I just had a strange cult dream
Our new house is great, our new neighbor is not (Final)
Where Are My Fingers?
Gruftisohp
Lonely Wooden Puppets
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
There is an app called COPë and I think you'd like it
The House on Hanover Street
Demonic attacks, I think. Idk, but here are my experiences
Dr. Morrigan's Case Files: David's Divine Dilemma
There's something seriously wrong in my city, and it's just not the crime.
Never backpacking again
PARIS: A CURSE COMES TO THE CITY OF THE CATACOMBS
Never backpacking again (2/2)
Never backpacking again (1/2)
I'm an elevator repairman: My travelogue from hell and how I lost my hands to an escalator
The Place
Why I stopped exploring abandoned houses.
October 2020 Voting Thread
Got this strange call form someone.........
My friend and I snuck into our rich neighbor's mansion. It was the biggest mistake we have ever committed.
The woman behind the glass
Unexplainable. Just read it.
did they or did they not
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The things in White Hills: The fairies dance in a fountain of man’s tears.
They had a body in the farmhouse. It wasn’t dead.
body swap
"9Jamie"
I've become an unwilling member of the wild hunt, today I dealt with the skinwalker.
The Mountain Temple
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I'm never backpacking again
My mom's past
I'm never backpacking again
Dead tradition
I don't think I'm me
I finally took down my Halloween decorations...
The Faceless Family - P3
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
How to Survive Camping - the hitchhikers
My grandma gave me a music box, and i really wish i could return it...
Webb Estates (Part I)
My parents are in a cult, and they are hunting me down.
no
Insanity Zero: camp pickleweed (part one)
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Bricky
Insanity zero: camp pickleweed (part one)
My Aunt is A Serial Killer
Reading the Bible alone at night
Movie theaters are not dead
True short recalling of an event that happened to me which will haunt me for the rest of my life. I have no explanation for it
Dream Girl
At first I thought I had dandruff
I might have seen a demon in my room last night.
The theaters are not dead.
not everyone gets a 'happily ever after'
Warning: Don’t Open the Book “Ditty Dotty Deety Dum” [Part 3]
Trip of a Lifetime (Part 2)
It happened 10 years ago in high school
I met the nightmares of the human fears
The Creature Of My Scout Camp
Rosy Skipping Bunnies
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I can time travel a week into the past, but now something has gone wrong. [Final]
Site 19: Annihilation- Prelude
Tale From A Gravedigger (Part 4) (Final)
Death will come
It comes closer, slowly
Possible things that can visit you in your sleep
something terrible happened during my Zoom meeting, and I don't know what to do
I don’t understand.... help!
Recurring dreams since I were 13.
I went hiking with my child and now I regret it
Rosy Skipping Bunnies
I was wanted on the dark web back in 2011.
Why the hatchet?
Why I Don't Watch Britcoms - Part 1
Series: My 10 Year Stalker: Her Sidekick
Delivery notifications are convenient, but they're disturbing when you receive them by mistake.
Book 1, Chapter 1: Altair's Holiest Angel
The Barker Incident
Second Part
Ernie
My Grandfather was a Soviet Bomber pilot in WW2. Today, he told me a story I will never forget.
I was at school during the start of a pandemic. This one was worse. Part 3My Dad thought Bigfoot attacked his home!
I knew there was a kidnapper in town, and he captured me. Part 2
I accidentally contacted an entity from another dimension named Baba - Part 4
The shitman
I knew there was a kidnapper in the town, and he captured me.
Watch out for the fake priest who extracts final thoughts before death.
I bought drugs from the dark web, now I'm being hunted down.
I’m an actor in REDACTED and my castmates have been turned into REDACTED.
The Chronicles of the Graveyard Management Team - Friday? More like Fridamn this isn’t my body
My sister discovered a universal language, but she hasn't spoken a word since 2003
I'm still not sure what happened back then...
Help us. Please!
Movie theaters will never die.
First Part
The hanging tree with the rope 1/3
My Best Friend Watches Me Sleep At Night
Toilet paper hoarding
DON'T ENROL YOUR KIDS IN NEONCAP JR. YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED.
DON'T ENROL YOUR KIDS IN NEONCAP JR. YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED.
The witch and the egg
My parents told me...
What is that 'person'?
The Shadow's Plague
Sheep's Clothing (Part 1)
The Shadow's Plague
A STORY HAPPENED WHEN MY GIRLFRIEND STUDIED HER POSTGRADUATE
Delet
The Shadow's Plague
R/NoSleep I Work at a Half Priced Voodoo Store, u/Voodoo_Clerk
I develop film photographs for a living. One of them is trying to kill me.
My Town is A Mess of Issues [Part 1]
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
My horror camp.
A newly broken silence.
The Trapdoor in the Basement of My Building
It’s so cold, everyone is gone.
the girl at my seat
Paranormal game
Accurate predictions for Quarter 4, 2020
There's something seriously wrong with my boyfriend
I think my husband is trying to impregnate a ghost
Doppelgänger part 1
I am being followed...
Someone stalks me in my school
I know what happened to some of those "Missing" people. It started with this skater dude...
The grave in my backyard
In 1961, Russian scientists have made the first teleporter, the Americans are trying to abuse it.
☁️haunted school☁️
Someone keeps breaking into my house, and taking a shit (Part 1)
Something On The Hill
The chimeric logs; chapter 1
I think I might be dead or something
My friend's life seems perfect on Instagram. I found out it isn't so perfect, after all.
Im shocked and distraught
Im shocked and distraught
The People Will Not Know
Death Isn’t Very Polite
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
There is no name for the phobia of being chased.
Forgotten Past Part 1
A Letter to the Future Owner
So the story goes...
Something's out there...
The Flying Dutchman
Shadow creatures of Alberta pt1
I dreamed of monsters part 1 of 2
I dreamed of monsters part 2 of 2
I dreamed of monsters(part 1 of 2)
Slender man's twin nieces and their descendant.
My Return to the Half Priced Voodoo Store (Part 3)
Don't ever miss your train [Part 3]
Trip of a Lifetime (Part 2)
Trip of a Lifetime (Part 1)
False Color - Part 1
Trip of a Lifetime (Part II)
Trip of a Lifetime (Part I)
False Color - Part 1
Journey in the Woods
One of the various hells created for me
Residence: Greg
Wesley Jr.
Crunch
I work at a gore factory.
My house is haunted and the demon wont let me leave
The Store That Appeared Overnight And It's Odd Employee...
I can time travel a week into the past, but now something has gone wrong. [Part 6]
I Just Want It To Stop Ticking.
My cat doesn't like dry food
A Story of Golden Trines
A Trip Through Childhood and the Tree
They Call It Laughing Suicide..
new to reddit
A shapeshifter on the footbridge?
Neurolink
I Was Warned Not To Go Hiking With My Husband
My New Haunted Home
I will grab you, I will rip you, I will eat you
The Job
My Skin Transplant Donor Does Not Exist
(2) The Christmas from HellPlease, I need your help getting out of my basement.
MY SKIN TRANSPLANT DONOR DOES NOT EXIST
When I see myself reflected in your blood, you are no more
A unusual night #ENG/#RO
Something On The Hill
Interactive Fiction: Manacle
My Brother is A Misanthropic Lycanthrope
My mother collects porcelain dolls and she calls them her children
Workplace relationships are always so messy
Door dash horror story 1
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The mansion me and parents moved in to 4 years ago is not normal
Plae Place-Part 3
Welcome to Charlie’s: Your Local Family Department Store. Cashiers &amp; Professional Wendigo Hunter Wanted.
I woke up to an EAS Alert, and now something is happening...
My Friend’s encounter with a dogman
“They Walk Amongst us....”
(1) The Thanksgiving From Hell
I moved in to a new neighbourhood and my neighbours are very suspicious
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Décés's Fiddle.
I played Scrabble with the next-door neighbour's kid. I think he's possessed.
I Started at AGas station; I got a weird list of rules.
My first stab (pun :3) at horror writing. Welcome to [REDACTED] Boarding School.
Stay away from the suburbs in Michigan (Part 12)
I'm Being Followed By A Bear
I'm an Evil Doll But I'm Not The Problem- Part 2
I'm a Warden Between Realities: part 4
A story from my new book "Dybbuk Boxes and How to Make Them"
A story from my new book "Dybbuk Boxes and How to Make Them"
Every kid leaves the park at sunset, except for one.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The Thing in the Moonlight By H.P. Lovecraft’s
Fortune-Telling - Part 1
When you see the game named ‘Inside’, don’t ever play it! [Part 1]
Would you kill a man to save five others?
A Face In The Water
I Finally Cured Myself of My Phobia of Sneezing
I'm an Evil Doll, But I'm Not the Problem- Parr 2
Fortune-Telling (Part I)
The Apartment on the 10th Floor
I’m a subway cleaner and what I encountered was not human!
The ad seemed harmless; $5,000 to participate in a medical study and unlock dormant memories from past lives. If only I knew what I was getting myself into.
I realized I could customize my family and friends. Things got a little out of hand.
The magicians room~
The Child of the Tapes
The Child of the Tapes
The Clockwork Ghost Ship
The clockwork ghost ship
Power Tools for Authors
Writer's Block...
Hellscape delirium (part 1)
Hellscape delirium (part 1)
Something strange happened in the 3ds version of Terraria...
I've discovered secrets meant to stay buried, and I fear in the process of digging, I've found my own grave [Part 4]
The Mountain Temple
Childhood Memories and The Tree
The red cloaks are in town (part 4)
Hellscape delirium (carcass monolith)
Log 23
Pursuer
The Dream Chaser
The Trestle
I crashed in the ozarks, I wasn't alone in that forest pt.1
Something On The Hill
My School Is Ritually Sacrificing The Students: The Creatures
The Mange Effect...
Why I've haven't posted.
The Thing in the Elevator Shaft
I'm a Graffiti Artist and I Need to Tell Everyone About the Dripping Clock
We Had a Game in Our Psych Ward
The Genesis of Revelations
The morning I met my dream man
I Made A Deal With An Old Man In A Food Court Bathroom (Pt. 13)
I removed all the mirrors from my home.
The clothing rack.. ( not true I was just bored)
America's Secret 51st State
I took a job at an abandoned convenient store, I found a list of unsettling rules...
My brother died in a police shooting and I heard his voice at the funeral Part 4 (Ending)
When my mother died, she waited patiently for me
My city has been cut off from the world and overrun with monsters. I have a set of rules to stay alive. Last night, Rule #6 saved me from having my soul sucked out
I think we are part of a new ecosystem (part 2)
I think we are part of a new ecosystem
The secret tunnel
The closet underneath the stairs
There's a new ecosystem and we are part of it [Part 1/2]
The Closet Underneath The Stairs
The Nazi
Our scary stories. (The Nazi Murder)
There's a portal in the basement and I think I'm going to go through it.
There's a portal in the basement and I think I'm going through it.
Descent 2: The Thiefbot (Part 2)
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I tried shifting realities and got stuck in the middle PART TWO
I interviewed the sole survivor of the Lake Volstok expedition. The world should know what she uncovered
Truly Purple
Dark Web
Purple
Descent 2: The Thiefbot (Part 2)
I went zombie hunting with a pacifist.Shawdow creatures of Calgary pt1
Reflections on the 1992 Chuck E. Cheese Ball Pit Incident
You'll Hear the Drums Too
The howling was scary, but it’s worse now that it stopped
Dead Planet
the boy in the red jacket
I'm a Supermarket Supervisor - Nutty Norma
the water
I was at school during the start of a pandemic. This one was worse. Part 2
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Under the Ground: burying things; digging things up (final)
Everywhere Until The End Of Time
Don't ever miss your train [Part 2]
We All Scream for Ice Cream
Our new house is great, our new neighbor is not (part 6)
After graduation
Emotional Support Canadians are NOT What You Think
You know whats fun? Get kid sex doll from ebay, got his face wrapped in a black plastic trash bag and spank him with shovels handle
How I uncovered a Chinese stock scam
Back in soviet russia things aren't right
The Bizarrie of Monsieur Delancey
Old lady next door.
Warmth
The smiling man
Looking for stories to narrate
My team and I were ordered to investigate an old castle. We discovered way more than we bargained for.
They Call Me Spacegirl and I Have A Gift
I'm the local bingo caller and my job is worst than death.
I'm an Evil Doll, But I'm not The Problem- Part 1
My lab might've leaked a virus
I’m beginning to enjoy the pain I cause.
Another open letter to Sabrina S.
My campsite was taken over by something.
the forest creature
I accidentally built a universe
I accidentally created a universe!
The Dice Game
The Red Man
Last night, I played the game 'Among Us'. Something went horribly wrong.
To those out there that regularly dream nightmares
I cheated on my husband with a dead man. Now I'm pregnant and the baby isn't human.
The Infomercial [part 1]
They Hunt In The Mud
Best writers - new book and podcast
White dress
DEATH
I've become an unwilling member of the wild hunt, today I was given my first task
Can anyone send me a link or sum to the third part of the hint man series
Deja vu isn't what you think it is
Lost and never found
На русском блять пиши нихуя не понятно
My Dad has been in the Union Pacific for nearly 20 years. Here are some of his stories.
Twas the night before...
The Window
An old prank that i still regret.
The Doorhole
The Infommercial [Part 1]
Among Us
I stole a priest's identity. Now I'm trying to find out why he was killed.
The woods are changing and I don’t know why [Part 1]
Trying to find this story!!! please help!!
The Other End
trying to find this story
trying to find this creepypasta title
im trying so hard to find this!!
trying to find this
Don’t trust everything you see
My Uncle, the Voodoo Priest
Among Us
On route to Pandora
You wake up in what looks like a greenhouse.
On route to Pandora (Short Horror story)
My Return to the Half Priced Voodoo Store (Part 2)
The Book of Gabe | Part 1
The Faceless Family - P2
The Book of Gabe | Part 1
In my town, you don’t look out of your window at night.
Curse of Dog Hollows
I took a night shift job at an abandoned convenient store and I found a list of unsettling rules... PART 1
What you are living in is not real
The Book of Gabe | Part 1
What you are living in is not real.
New opportunities
New opportunities
Flight of the Butterfly (Part 1)
Tale From A Gravedigger (Part 3)
Only the authorities know about this.. Part 1?
The red stadium
I was at school during the start of a pandemic. This one was worse.
Only the authorities know about this night... ( I don't know if I should tell you the rest)
I can time travel a week into the past, but now something has gone wrong. [Part 5]
Neurolink
I wish to tell you of a street that travelled, and the monsters living there
Manila
I Was Sent Away to a Young Offenders Camp, Something’s Very Wrong Here.
My recurring dream won't go away, but it's probably nothing to worry about. Right?
Veri-Leak Article 0234 "No Piper in Our Town"
Descent 2: The Thiefbot
The knight
The knightI'm moving to another city in two days, there are some really strange rules
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Baba: Part 3
The Raven Mocker
Pets have been going missing in our neighborhood...
Companion
I am suffering from a sandwich addiction
The Faceless Family - P2
Some people just don’t appreciate loyalty.
Real
Some people just don't appreciate loyalty.
I tried shifting realities and got stuck in the middle
Please forgive me. I can't take it anymore.
My boyfriend is gone. I went to his workplace to investigate.
Don't Touch the Rose
In the Gloom
The Deserted Part I
r/Advice said I should tell you all about my new gym partner
Strange Dream I'm calling The Wish
Companion
Companion
Running
Open Me, Or Else
Suburban Vampires
There was an outbreak on a continent that no longer exist...I'm here to explain what happened.
The Deserted
Good Sleeps
The silent kids
Don't ever miss your train [Part 1]
Fright Fest Scariest Story Contest Winner!
The School Shed
A Recurring Dream
If you knock on the door of an empty room and someone answers, don’t enter
America's Secret 51st State - Part 1 - Prologue
Hunting season
I encountered a lot of entitled parents, years ago I met the worst
Divine Intervention (Part 4) [Final]
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
A deceased girl saved my life Pt.2
Some people just don't appreciate loyalty.
There's a stowaway on our fishing boat. I'm pretty sure he's not human.
This adult vacation resort doesn't charge its guests for staying, but for leaving.
Warning: Don’t Open the Book “Ditty Dotty Deety Dum” [Part 2]
I'm a lawyer, and I think my new clients are going to eat me. [Part 1]
My Dream is getting crushed!!!
Transcendental Travels: The Depths
My father was an Orthodox priest. What I read in his journal made me question everything.
The Maneaters of the Rail
I think somethings living in my ceiling
Hello everyone !! Can you all support my small youtube channel, please? I work very hard to create a community here on Reddit, a place where people can come together to study and motivate each other. Hope you all appreciate it and lend me a helping hand :)
Is this a dangerous sign?
Under the Ground: I hate crawling around in dark holes, so of course I'd have to do it again
Just Saw A White Eyed Demon
Today I drove down a street I've never seen before
Today I drove down a street I've never seen before [Part I]
Long Live ЫДСKИ355!
Long Live ЫДСKИ355!
Something that happened to me as a teenager
Utter Madness.
I Grew up in Rual Ohio. Never go Near my Old Farm.
I’m a cop serving in the Yukon who was called to protect a young girl claiming to be hunted. She turned out to be telling the truth.
Who?
I Grew up in Rual Ohio. Never go Near my Old Farm.
Meat
I pretended to be a missing girl so I could rob her family.
The Creapyish Story...
The Outsider
The Schools Muppet
The Schools Muppet
The schools muppet
Night Shift in the ER: My First Encounter with Pippi.
How an Elf on the Shelf changed my life
Ready or Not, Here I Come
I work for The Corporation. There is something lurking on the lower levels. (Part 7)
r/Advice said I should tell you all about my new gym partner
I got kicked out of a bar. I thought my night couldn't get any worse...
I'm a famous content creator on YouTube who can never reveal their face.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Im part of a top secret task force with the mission of hunting a supernatural interloper
Grindr Encounter
My old friends and I decided to reconnect. When we did, we discovered something horrifying.
I’m a Ohio ranger with a experience
I’m a Ohio ranger and I know Why we have a curfew
peace and quiet
Confession
Something was knocking on my door.
I can’t tell what’s real any more PART TWO.
I'm being hunted by a pack of mysterious creatures Part 1
Personal Hell
I'm a Supermarket Supervisor - The Locals are a Little... Odd
Every night I see a star explode. I think the end is near.
The Faceless Family
An open letter to Sabrina S.
My stalker is standing outside, staring at me, right now (Part 2)
Tale From A Gravedigger (Part 2)
My life is being filmed for "premium content." I found something disturbing in one of the episodes.
I discovered a lost city underneath my house. I should never have gone exploring.
I am new to this
The Faceless Family
[Final] I was rescued by a group of old men who violated me in the forest. I was finally starting to come to terms with my life. Until I learned the truth.Tale From A Gravedigger (Part 2)
The Faceless Family
Desert Lights (Part 2)
Personal Hell (A Short Story)
My father claims an ancient ghost speaks to him. Today men finally arrived to help him.
The Trial
P.A.N.E. [Part 3] My first mission with P.A.N.E. Damn nearly killed me.
The man on the subway
The Mountain Temple
Ghastly Gaurds
Desert Lights (Part 2)
My best friend and I found a strange corpse in the forest (Part 2)
Running
HUGE lack of Sleep in a WEEK from new medication for ADHD and now regular meds aren't working, am I just to over tired?!
Baba: Part 2
From the Mouth of Babes - Part One
I'm stuck in an elevator, we're telling stories to pass the time. Part 2
I am an arctic researcher for the United States. I don't even know who the imposters are anymore.
Grandma and the Bathroom Entity
The Masked Woman
This is to good(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HBooOmnXVoY)
My job as Catholic School janitor is harder than I expected
The curse of the uk(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HBooOmnXVoY)
I thought they were trash bags stuck in the trees.
The Creature in the Woods
Scary dating horror story’s
A lone man's last resort.
I run a house for freaks- We are all being hunted.
Bleeding Sun
Plae Place- Part 2
Too many Jeffs
I tried shifting realties and got stuck in the middle.
2kwkek
Did I watch a mass exorcism?
We appreciate a little healthy competition!
Divine Intervention (Part 3)
i need thanksgiving scary stories
Divine Intervention (Part 3)
One day, the reflection I saw in the mirror wasn't me anymore.
I took a security job at a church, now I'm damned to an infinite cycle of death
I am a sex worker. We all have our pasts. Some darker than others.
I took a security job in a church, now I'm damned to an infinite cycle of death
I took a security job in a church, but now I can't leave (read the comments please)
WARNING! DON’T OPEN THE CHILDREN’S BOOK “DITTY DOTTY DEETY DUM”! [Part 1]
Endless Dread
The beach
The beach
Gráinne
Megan Is Missing
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Who Is This? (A Short Story)
The day i met the dark one in the desert
Tlyth #1
I can time travel a week into the past, but now something has gone wrong. [Part 4]
They are among us
They are among us
The Spider and The Brick
My grandpa served in both World Wars. He died dozens of times
I can’t tell what’s real anymore
Shortcut
The Emergency Room (Part Two)
In times of crisis, has anyone out there ever encountered the one known as The Dealer?
These walls can talk
ENTRY 82, Acre Woods.
Tag your it
I work as a night janitor at a Catholic School
My father discovered scientific evidence of ghosts using a particle collider
My School is Ritually Sacrificing The Students: Good and Evil
I Stayed With My Roommate and His Parents Over The Holidays - Part Two [Finale]
Somebody tried to kill me when I was young. A monster saved my life. [Part 2] [FINAL]
Scare Me To Sleep/ The Diary of a Parasomniac: When the wind picks up and whistles through the trees, Is it carrying a voice? Is it somebody’s scream?
I think I'm trapped in a sitcom
I was playing hide and seek with my sister. I no longer believe I'm in this dimension.
Someone Watches Me Sleep
The Empty Man - A Short Story
Peace and quietness
The term Indian Burial Ground is Offensive
Future maybe
I’m a night janitor at a Catholic school
When I was a gravedigger, a ghost started haunting me. (Part 1)
If you find a VHS tape titled Professor Egghead's Adventures don't watch it
My Return to the Half Priced Voodoo Store (Part 1)
Ok, Is This a Sleep Paralysis Demon?
Never Bring Kids to White Rock Creek
Desert Lights (Part 1)
Pack Up Your Troubles
The man in my basement takes one step closer every week. [Part 10]
The Cold - Part 2
Desert Lights (Post #1)
Scare Me To Sleep. [The Diary of a Parasomniac]
I’m on a research expedition to the Arctic Circle, and we’ve uncovered a colossal and mysterious machine, frozen beneath the ice.
Has NoSleep changed?
Follow The Rules...
Seafood allergy
My Professor, Michelle.
My Professor, Michelle
My Wife Was Replaced
Never trust the thing in the closet.
The beach
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
My dead friend wants whiskey. Or he'll kill me.
The fairy garden
I’m afraid to go swimming again
The people in the fog are demanding my newborn son
Im Not Crazy
I received a weird package in the mail
I found out you can level up IRL and I don't reccomend it.
I found out you can level up IRL and I don't reccomend it.
The rainy night special
I am an arctic researcher for the United States. They outnumber us.
Parents, it is NEVER Illegal to Protect Your Child!
Baba
CORIN
The flight that I was glad we took
Plae Place
Death couldn't hold back our love.
A descriptive paragraph for my work in progress universe.
A deceased girl saved my life Pt.1
Divine Intervention (Part 2)
im new so I don’t know if this is allowed
There is a small grocery store in the rural side of town. Don't look at the lights.
I got a new job and this job has some weird rules.
Under the Ground: Getting caught
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I thought my coke high was good - but waking up in these pants has absolutely changed my life
There are a lot of dogs in my city, what I encountered wasn't one of them.
Creativity is contagious : pass it on Kindle Edition
Monsters don't only come out at night. And they're things we see every day.
Monsters don't only come out at night. And they're things we see everyday.
Monsters don't only come out at night... and they're things we see everyday.
The True Sex Lives Of The Girls of Silver Lake
I'm a Warden Between Realities: 3
The Bed man
Australian Lawyers Directory
Such a beautiful note
Nightmare #1
he was dancing
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Animal crossing dog ruined my life
Amazing story about the dog from animal crossing
I didn’t sleep last night
The Triplets Of Terror
I didn’t sleep last night
A new perspective
Oakland.
I Survived (Part Eight)
I Survived (Part Eight)
I recently booked a hotel but immediately regret it when I saw the list of rules I have to follow.
I met a guy who could experience and feel things by looking at photographs of people. I wish i never met him. (PART 1)
No Sleep For Me
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The Cold – Part 2
Brotherly visit
I met him at the abandoned church (2)
You could've been dead
I survived (Part Eight)
A mobile asylum came to my neighborhood. It scarred me for life.
How to Survive Camping - the dapple-gray stallion
The Mountain Temple
Weird door on my wall
I call someone in my sleep
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Weird Phone Number
The Stick Lady
Weird Phone Number
I am a security guard for a museum, this place has some strange rules.
Infinite Cum
The main reason why you pre-heat your oven for ten minutes is to kill all the spiders inside..
the beacon of the atlantic
V̶̹̈́̋̐͊̃̃i̶̛̪͚͙̯̺̓̏́̿͛̌͝͝r̵̟̯͖̟̮̝̯̆̈́͆̀̕͠ų̷͚̟̬͍͉̥͂̾̃̈́͐͝ś̷̼̗̗̏̏̃̅͝
My lack of emotions didn't stop the ghosts showing theirs
Make sure to follow the rules at D.L.O High School. Or else.
V̴̬̪̼͔̟͂̋̾͊̑͂͋̑̚͝i̸̠̗̯̣̠͚͒͋̍͋́r̸̪̋͐̋̀ǔ̴͔̈́͗͘̚s̵̻̲͓̹͖̗̘͈͇͍̃͝
Somebody tried to kill me when I was young. A monster saved my life.
The roses on the balcony.
I started playing an obscure strategy game, but I think it’s beginning to seep into my real life.
Wesley Jr.
A missing plane, sort of
My friends were too chicken to go with me. It saved my life.
What Have You Done For My God Today? (Part Five) FINAL
One by One
Doing the dishes sucks.
Accompanied by two vampires, I set out to steal the magical robes of a long-dead seamstress.
My friend left the room as one person and returned as another.
My mother always knocks.
Me and my cameraman got lost in a forest and were chased by a monster. The people who came to rescue played a horrible joke on me.
The Painting
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The Emergency Room (Part One)
The Cold
Simba Sleep - 2 Free Memory Foam Pillows!!
Are we all in a movie?
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I saw the true face of god... and now I can't sleep
The Universe and Stuff
The Dark Place
My internship at Liminal inc.
Ears of Corn
TaxiSo i actually seen a ghost for the first time in my life
Demons and Construction Work
The Accomplice
My Living Talent
The Lickening
The incident late at night
My husband is nocturnal yet he lacks the common plumage
One Samhain Ago
Our new house is great, our new neighbor is not (Part 5)
Construction Work and Demons
The office
Let Me In
There's someone tapping outside my window. I'm on the seventeenth floor.
I’m a former employee of the United States Department of International Security. There's a reason it no longer is publicly known. (Part 1)
The kids at my school used to play a weird game
There were houses on his island - My first creepypasta
Scary story - can you trust your friend?
A shape shifter at my workplace
Bedside Manor [Final]
Divine Intervention
I had a vision of a alien wasteland, and i heard the ship landing.
Devine Intervention
Trying to lose my belly fat
I'm a game developer with a horrifying hidden secret
The FitnessGram™ Pacer Test is a multi-stage aerobic test that progressively gets more difficult as it continues.
Horses
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The Triplets Of Terror
I think I'm trapped in a Hallmark movie.
NoSleep Interview with Fainting--Goat!
i think something is wrong with me.
I am an arctic researcher for the United States and it's getting so much colder with the power cut.
A night at the bar
I woke up
A Fine Day Indeed
I am a security guard for a museum, this place has some strange rules.
It is 1945, the battle is over, but not for me, for me the battle takes a new form, a form I was not prepared for.
Under the Ground: Finding infested people or my employer's past is terrifying
My Dead Great Grandmother warned us about my Car accident
It is 1945, I'm on the RMS Queen Mary, It was supposed to be over, but it's just beginning.
journal.txt
I'm an investigator and hunter of the paranormal. I think it's time to take care of these lists of rules people keep finding.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The Thing You See At Midnight
I stopped talking to my friends because something's chasing me
My brother's being too nice to me.
Painting the Sky
A night at the bar
I can time travel a week into the past, but now something has gone wrong. [Part 3]
This is what no sleep makes me do UGHH
I'm stuck in an elevator, we're telling stories to pass the time.
I am a security guard for a museum, this place has some strange rules.
TV For Sale
Night Terrors
Crazy Aunt Suzyie
Creepy Things that happen to me as a catholic school janitor
When you stop expecting people to be perfect, you can like them for who they are
Never EVER playing Samara´s Sleepover Game!
Something Followed me Out of My Dream
When you stop expecting people to be perfect, you can like them for who they are
Don't go in the woods at Riverbends Park.
My friend sent me a ghost removal app. But I found out using it too much can be dangerous.
My School Has Been Ritually Sacrificing The Students
This story drove my psychiatrist away
A Few Oddities of Eric Clemons, Memorial Branch, Public Library.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
A Few Oddities of our Public Library.
Four years ago I explored a church. Never again.
Man in the top hat
What is happening in this town? Read ahead for the beginning of your adventure.
Call of the Woods
My job at Liminal inc.
I Made A Deal With An Old Man In A Food Court Bathroom (Pt. 12)
I woke up in a concrete box. Then I had to run. (Part 2)
The Rise of Yaw'Keii
Rise of Yaw'Keii
I investigated an old prison in the crypts of an ancient castle. What's down there should have been locked away forever.
For as long as I can remember, the Wall has stood at the end of my garden... I fear that something might have followed me through. [FINAL]
The old music box of my grandma
I once heard a dirty joke about getting lost in a forest. I'm starting to think it wasn't a joke after all.
The hospital told us donating our bodies would save the world. Part 1
Keeper of the necronomicon
GOLDEN
The Disappearance of the Rogan Family
The Legend of Tony The Tiger
[Part 2] Class 1C: The Wannabe Tooth Fairy
I’m a dentist for monsters. A friend in need’s a friend indeed but a friend who’ll bleed is better.
There's Something in the Lake
I lived in a town that shouldn’t exist.
She was on a quest. She died.
PLEASE GUYS HELP ME!
That Halloween.
Real, strange and unexplainable experience in the bus
The legend of Tony the Tiger
The man on the bench knew too much
It Found Me, Has It Found You?
My mother
I’m a Retired Priest. Recently I’ve taken steps to become ordained again. This is where I faced a crisis of my faith.
Warning in a Bottle
'Imitator Worms'Paranormal investigator part 2 Folklores.
■■■■■■■■■ CORPORATION - REPORT FILE #0002 - THE APARTMENT
■■■■■■■■■ CORPORATION - REPORT FILE #0002 - THE APARTMENT
■■■■■■■■■ CORPORATION - REPORT FILE #0002 - THE APARTMENT
■■■■■■■■■ CORPORATION - REPORT FILE #0002 - THE APARTMENT
The Happy Place
Something is following me
Someone is following me
Help
Come on and sing along with the family
A night in the bar
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The Dark Place
My Secrets
For a short interactive scare... Choose Your Own Adventure: Alone In The Dark
P.A.N.E. [Part 2] I’m Being Stalked by Men With Masks Fused To Their Skull
I finally lost the weight!
Why I nailed up my windows and stopped wearing glasses
I’ve Found Michelle’s Sock
Prison im working at have been preparing for something big, part 1
My city has been cut off from the world and overrun with monsters. I have a set of rules to stay alive. First up: Rule #2
In 1961, Russian scientists have made the first teleporter. Teleportation is not what you think it’s like.
The Pear Garden’s Underground Palace 梨園の地下宮殿
The truth of our universe
Interview with a suspected Weeping Bill survivor.
My cat knows something is living in our shed
My cat knows something about our house
I don’t know what I saw that night
I don’t know what I saw that day
The man in Burger King
I don’t know what I saw
The Curse that runs through my family.
TEETH
I recently booked a hotel and immediately regret it when I found the list of rules I have to follow.
I work as a private contractor for a security firm. There's a reason we always check the employees shift schedule.
I fell asleep in the middle of a flight. When I woke up the plane was empty
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
My first test subject
I go underground, I come back, I see you
I'm trying, but it's tough from here, there are no rules anymore
The Mountain Temple
I’m not sure who I had empathy towards or if I had none at all.
I'd been a cynic
I am not here
The Family (PART 2)
My First Horror Narration Had Invited a Spirit!
The Cruise
The cat in the road
I'm a new Horror Narrator
The yellow world
I am an arctic researcher for the United States and one of our team members saw things standing in the blizzard.
My ears perk up whenever something unfamiliar is nearby; so why have they been up for the past two weeks?
My ears perk up whenever something unfamiliar is nearby: So why have they been up for the past two weeks?
My uncle almost killed my aunt...
I Tried To Save The Soul Of A Dying Old Man. I Failed.
My uncle almost KILLED my aunt...
Stay away from the suburbs in Michigan (Part 11)
My uncle almost killed my aunt..
The Fingernail
I didn't know women could scream that loud.
Strung Along
I no longer want to be an actor, here's why
What is happening in this town? Read ahead to begin your adventure.
600,000 Leagues Under The Sea (Part One) The Leviathan
I Explore Parallel Universes in case of Catastrophic Events on Earth.
The Creature in the Canal
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Realidad alterna, y otros misterios.
I started losing chunks of my day to... something or someone and now my life is ruined
realidad alterna
realidad alterna
I'm an actor in REDACTED and my castmates have been turned into REDACTED.
Today I received a text message from an unknown number. I need to get her out.
My Experience as a Telemarketer
Today I received a text message from somebody who is locked down for 20 years in a room of my next-door neighbor. He will murder her tomorrow.
My good intentions during a date backfired.
The Mystery 0f B3d5!D3 M4n0r (Part 11)
I went to the house atop the hill, I now wish I had just taken some aspirin instead
My circle of friends is going crazy with a new "confessional" app. I never should've joined.
The Bathroom Stall
I swear to god the hot woman from accounting is comprised almost entirely of spaghetti
I Know the Secret to Déjà vu
Zooming With Kindergarteners
I recently got a job as a security guard at a school there was a strange set of rules
For as long as I can remember, the Wall has stood at the end of my garden. Tonight, I go through to the other side.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Imperfect Precision
I can tell you what preys on a fear drenched mind.
Was I abducted?
Don't go into the forest
Was I abducted/kidnapped
The Nightmare Trip that changed me forever NSFW (Substance Abuse/Near Death)
I crashed in the Ozarks, I wasn't alone in the forest | Part 1.
This Was Not a Normal Case of COVID
I had a dream of a alien invasion, and i'm starting to see the signs.
The Little Footsteps
300 Feet
The Small Foot Steps At Night
The Footsteps
Crazy gypsy dude.Crazy gypsy man.
300 Feet
The Hanged Man is Back
There's a local legend in my town about a ghost train. I found the recordings of a reporter who tried to investigate it. [Part 2] [Final]
300 Feet
The Axe Killer
Not Today...
The Attempted Assassination
We are in the middle of the fifth season and the spirits have arrived
Lawyer of the Damned, or How I Provided Legal Advice to Monsters
The Possession Experiment
Don’t watch this 🔪
CUSP
There Was A Noise Coming From The Back Of The Hearse
I am a sex worker. Sometimes we get the grossest clients.
my dream creepypasta, the lost manhunt
"Marigold" the animatronic therapy doll is not what she seems...
being terrorised
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Cutest moments of Pitiful Rolls Royce when he drink much milk with amazi...
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Empty Witness
I loved her so much, I would let her consume me.
There is a black cat under my bed
The Curse Of Ushi No Toki Mairi - 7 Days Ago I Turned 29, I Pray I Never...
I miss my dad... he's not the same
Under the Ground: Getting rid of monsters made things worse
I bought a new house but someone left me a sheet of rules. Part 1
The Shadow Man
This afternoon, I went to the park with my son. Now, we can’t leave
I met him at the abandoned church
Chased.
The Dark Place
Jack-Out-of-the-Box
The Family PART 1
Empty Witness
I Prevented Y2K from Happening and No one Knows (Part 4)
My mother married a man who came with a list of rules to follow.
My mother married a man who came with a list of rules to follow.
My mother married a man who came with a list of rules to follow.
The Man With The White Caravan
The Man With The White Caravan
I'm stuck, in my own house.
My mother lied about the death of the elderly couple [PART 2]
I am in hell
Philippines Cries for help (CALL FOR DONATIONS)
I could see it I could feel it Pr1
My husband went spelunking, and he hasn't been the same since.
I am living in hell
So We Talked About It and I may Die Soon
The cold never bothered me anyway
My Prop Halloween Skeleton Keeps Showing Up
My Life as a Voodoo Puppet (Finale)
I think I’m dead and in hell.
It's midnight, yet the birds are still singing.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I think I’m in hell
Immortality isn’t good
How to Raise a Bloodbather - Three Simple Parenting Tips to Help You Raise Your Supernatural Child!
Formless, it stalks( part 2)
I Found A USB Drive At My Work And What I Found On it...
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I found my old camcorder. I think it wants to hurt me. (Part 1)
My uncle ran a cult.
I thought the teacher was coming back.
A Dangerous Love Story
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
It has been eight months since the train crash, and the tarpaulins are still up.
I swear to god the hot woman from accounting is comprised almost entirely of spaghetti
Really bad headaches can ruin a person's day. My headaches ruin lives.
What our customers have to say about us!
Something Primordially Dark Lives Under My Town
i guess my sweet little friend isn't so sweet...
P.A.N.E. [Part 1] My Fucked Up Inheritance.
My uncle made a new religion.
My Grandparents House
Old Hag Harris
We used to live here.
For as long as I can remember, the Wall has stood at the end of my garden. I have never questioned it, until today.
A short cosmic horror story I wrote for a school project, called "somethings are better left unknown" keep in mince im only 13 and this is my first horror story and it might have a few typos and not be as good as some other stories on here. tell me how it is
Stay away from the suburbs in Michigan (Part 10)
Mushroom hunting gone wrong
The Army has been deploying Titans (pt.1)
The wendigo
Rang out
It’s almost been 7 minutes.
I was Sent to The Happy Place
I can time travel a week into the past, but now something has gone wrong. [Part 2]
I wish I would have minded my business...
We chase down portals in an RV. Finding the "death portal" had long-lasting consequences.
The Historian
The smell of burning flesh
The Possession
The Triplets Of Terror
Change
Headaches
So We Talked About It, and I am Probably Going to Die Soon [UPDATE]
A strange ritual is taking place once a year in my town and I secretly watched it unfold.
Dreamscapes: Program Number One.I work for the CIA, and I found something terrifying
Creepy black shadow with eyes
Something has been killing the crops
Let me tell you how I looked for them
I hate uneven numbers and now I’m paying for it
I tried to be a hero on the deep/dark web
The Happy Place
Growing Season
My husband is sketchy-Part 1: the discovery
There's a local legend in my town about a ghost train. I found the recordings of a reporter who tried to investigate it. [Part 1]
The Chronicles of the Graveyard Management Team - Bound by skeletons
The Twin Sister
Found a VHS Tape with Something Horrible On It. How Do I Check if it's Real?
An Incident at Bedside Manor (Part 10)
The Twin Sister (Part 1)
LISTEN, ASSHOLES. I've got a bone to pick with EACH and EVERY one of you.
I Should've Listened...
The Triplets Of Terror
Something I thought you people would like
Please put me on the do not call list
I found a strange notepad while I was exploring a ghost town
Do Not Trust Micro Leaps Inc
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Things are weird at Fort Bliss, and I don't know what to do. (1)
no sleep
not good
Not My Cat
Not My Cat
I kicked something in my sleep.
The strange older man.
The scary man
The things in White Hills: The man in the bunker.
Fields of Blood - The Curse of Florence Wakefield
Sleep Paralysis (a true story from my own experience)
I was found naked outside of a cave. I don't remember how I got there.
Chased
I live in a remote cabin, I'm not alone.
The God of Addicts
Itchy
My Father Stood Still for Three Weeks... and Counting
We found an impossible village near the Rocky Mountains- part 2
The mice scratching at my walls
The Happy Place
A Private Number (part ten and eleven)
A Private Number (part six, seven, eight, and nine)
A Private Number (part five)
A Private Number (part four)
A Private Number (part three)
The Goofball of Brumalia
A Private Number (part two)
A Private Number (part one)
A Private Number (scene 3)
A Private Number (scene 2)
A Private Number (scene 1)
The Crimson Red Creatures from The Cave of Horror Part 1
A year ago I tried to kill myself. I keep seeing the couple who saved me.
The Manila Gothic Series: The Origin
Consume
There's a local legend in my town about a ghost train. I found the recordings of a reporter who tried to investigate it. [Part 1]
“We would love to do a collab with you”
A Monster in the Woods Ate my Father...
Something in the Prodigy Park Took my Friend– And Left Her Teeth Behind
Something in the Prodigy Park Took my Friend– And Left Her Teeth Behind
My wife started sleep walking recently, Im starting to get concerned
Manila Gothic: The Origin
The Wishper...
The Hospital Room.
The Pain of Waking Up Dead
There's a demon living in my closet
The Smoke
Has anyone here heard of the 'Mannequin Cave'?
Time's running out.
I'm a death doula
k so i got no creepypastas but..
I have never been so afraid
An abomination to god. Part one:
Can anyone recommend me some good stories with chapters I've read the campground rules one. The time me and my wife bought a farm and I would like more recommendations if at all for stories like that
There's a demon living in my closet
I Think I’m Stuck in Another Version of my World
My Dog Has Been Acting Strange Since Going Missing, is This Normal?
Looking for Stories!!
Looking for stories
I didn’t think this was normal.I was just a child.Part one:The discovery
Butterfly effect
I am a sex worker. Sometimes I get the strangest clients.
Something Strange Happened on My Way to Work
Our new house is great, our new neighbor is not (part 4)
Every three months, I get an organ removed. Last time, they took out something far worse.
My son was dying of cancer. I found a creature under my house that could save him.
The Fifth Stall
Intergalactic discount Terraforming, and Extermination service
The Pipes Rattle
Never leave anything unlocked
Maybe
I had thought of giving up many times.
my night MARES
Once Amish, then shunned and now I’m rich
Manila Gothic: The Origin
The Pimple
sorry about dat nosleepBlog post: REM sleep troubles.
What lurks beneath
I have no rules at my security job because i have to write them... (Part 3)
Escape From Bedside Manor (Part 9)
The Hospital Room
I am a Dark Web Video Essayist...these are the secrets to building a following
The man in the attic
Never become a paper boy
Neighbors acting strange
My name is Laruman, and it is my job to instill true fear into the human race (Part 1)
Psychic Automatism
Searching for plaboy tv show when john followed a women for 50 min across the city to get her number and she gave it to him
My name is Laruman, and it is my job to instill true fear into the human race (part 1)
Whatever you do, DONT TURN AROUND
Psychic Automatism
What lurks beneath - pt
Where's Jack's Thumb?!
Under the Ground: It's not just what's in the tunnels. I'm also afraid of my colleague.
What lurks beneath - pt 2
The last words of Adrian Bernard Robinson
I keep hearing voices in my sleep and I can feel them
Do I sleep or not
Some buildings need to stay abandoned
Calling Me Crazy
My boyfriend is dead. I put him in a bucket.
The Axe Killer
The sound of silence
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I know what happened at Dyatlov Pass
How to Survive Camping - a gummy bear hugged me and it was as awful as you'd expect
My name is Jane Willow, and I’m a Private Investigator out of West Los Angeles. I also, thankfully, have the best bodyguard in the world. Right now, I’m working the case of Harry Jensen, a 37-year old, high-end real estate broker. His wife thinks he’s cheating on her. How wrong she is…
Amma
The Phantom Train of Roanoke [Part 1 of 2]
Ticks
My friend thought there was something in the woods.
The hospital room
I Got Lost On The Highway in 2008
Nightmare By Numbers - A Tell All (Part 1)
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Nightmare By Numbers - A Tell All (First Entry)
This is a warning
My Old House was...Strange
I started an incel chatroom and found love. HONEST!
My Life as a Voodoo Puppet (part 6)
Every year it takes somebody part 2
My fucked up sleep schedule
Little Audrey Spinner
"You won't find it though." (Part 2)
I suffer from intense dissociation and can’t trust my own memories. Last month I met Jack (Part 2)
I suffer from intense dissociation and can’t trust my own memories (Part 1)
A story I wrote in 7th grade kinda worded odd nut i thought i would share.
Don't play Minecraft maps of old ghost towns
The Howler
I’m 100% OK
The Bedroom On The Right
The Manila Series: The Minivan &amp; the Scent of Death (Part I)
Imaginary friend
Surgical Theater
Lockdown gone Wrong
How to become a Hunter
At my practice, we specialize in treating patients who are afraid of the dentist
Lose 30 pounds a month without change in diet with 80% off time limited offer
All That We See or Seem
The Static Men
What lurks beneath.
I thought she was haunting my dreams, but she was protecting me from him...
What lurks beneath.
I’m the last lighthouse keeper in Scotland... and the story comes to an end. [FINAL]
I can time travel a week into the past, but now something has gone wrong. [Part 1]
The Goofball of Brumalia
A Letter of Complaint from the Afterlife
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The Black Dog Murders
Stop Disliking My Videos.... (short story)
Bumps in the night-Part 1:Arriving home
The Pimple
Ghost story from my childhood
Don’t go to the wring Wendy’s
I resurrected my dad using the workman's charm. Things went horribly wrong.
Don’t go to the Wendy’s with black eyes
I called it The Other Us.
I don’t know who that was.
Anna
Escape from Stonehedge Maximum Prison
I Saw the Woman Climb in my Window
I’m a social worker for psychic children
The Key to Nowhere
The Key to Nowhere
This Disputed Property has some... Strange Ground Rules [Part 1]
Today is the beginning of the fifth season and at precisely 11 past 11 something terrible will happen in my town
Escape From Bedside Manor (Part 8)
October 2020 contest nominations
September 2020 Winners!
The smoking barrel
The Priory
The Sharing Tree
Doraemon: The "Talent" Episode
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I found a button on the back of my head
Teddyhow i commited the worst mass shooting in us history
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The Mystery of Flight MH-576
If you don't read this post you will die.
I didn’t follow the rules at my house in Staten Island.
Demons
I've Spent My Life Guarding A Door That Must Never Be Opened. Tonight Is My Last Night.
Chickens will eat anything.
Life After Death
Chickens will eat anything.
If you hear a nursery rhyme called Snippity Snap, you need to read this as a matter of life and death. [FINAL]
An Intro to Horror
Mama June Taught Her Parrot The Bible
The Eaves
Possession goes beyond what you have seen in media.
I think my mother has been lying to me [PART 1]
A Huge Storm Swept Through My Town a Month Ago. It Never Stopped Raining.
Formless
Mouse Trap
The Light Shadow
I stalked my girlfriend for three years before she met me, now I'm planning her murder
There’s a reason the US is ramping up its presence in Poland, I just found out why
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Many people have Sleep Paralysis Demons. I have Insomnia Demons and I think they're trying to help, Part 1 - The Thing
Deadly Familial Patterns
I'm 10 and this was scary
America's Secret 51st State - Part 1
My dead dog saved me from the Devil. [Part 1]
Hurry To win $500 Visa Gift Card with us
I HAD AN ENCOUNTER WITH A BAD MAN IN A WHITE VAN AND NOW I’M IN WITNESS PROTECTION (PART 1)
All I wanted was my wife to love me
Deadly Familial Patterns
I work in a search and rescue team. Here's some of my horror storys
"The Demon Race" - Mr. Nightstalker [PART 1]
Dead Chest
Inception (Chasing the Wind)
My stalker is standing outside, staring at me, right now (Part 1)
AAAAAAAA AAAAAAAA AAAAAAAA AAAAAAAA AAAAAAAA AAAAAAAA AAAAAAAA AAAAAAAA AAAAAAAA AAAAAAAA AAAAAAAA AAAAAAAA AAAAAAAA AAAAAAAA AAAAAAAA AAAAAAAA AAAAAAAA AAAAAAAA AAAAAAAA AAAAAAAA AAAAAAAA AAAAAAAA AAAAAAAA AAAAAAAA AAAAAAAA AAAAAAAA AAAAAAAA AAAAAAAA AAAAAAAA AAAAAAAA AAAAAAAA AAAAAAAA AAAAAAAA AAA
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
My stalker is outside my house, staring at me, right now (1 / 3)
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
What Have You Done For My God Today? (Part Four)
Money from Hell (part 1)
I Work for An International Agency that Polices Monsters
Never trust an organ donor.
If you hike to the broadcast tower you will be torn apart.
The Chaos Lord. The evil of The Underside
Toby Did
The Underside: The Chaos Lord
A harbinger of disaster called The Hand of the Shadow has invaded my home
Under the Ground: Hellevator
Apparition
Lily.
Every year it takes somebody
The international killer
Anxiety
I’m the last lighthouse keeper in Scotland... and I've sailed the storm to the 'other side'...
Disappearing delivery van.
I read my dead mother's diary. I don't know if I can ever forgive myself. (Final)
Crazy Tinder Pedophile
A Conversation with the Spherical Entity from Outer Space
The man in my basement takes one step closer every week. [Part 9]
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I recently got a job at a college there was a strange set of rules (part 1)
The Old Man and the Gas Station.
The government wants to observe the sleep patterns of everyone in my family. I'm next.
Lily.
Help! Our daughter is multiplying! [Part 2]
Our new house is great, our new neighbor is not (Part 3)
Me and my friends mest up
any of you what this is then pls HELP
All claims must be satisfied by end of day
The man with white eyes
My new girlfriend is adventurous
No-one warned me about the ants’ nest. At least I can warn you.
My girlfriend died but is still texting me.
I’m a dentist for monsters. The Baby and the Beast.
Greening Deserts Trillion Trees Initiative for biodiversity conservation, climate protection, ecological education, ecosystem restoration, environmental protection, greening, reforestation and species protection can reduce climate change effects, defores
Wlscoampe Tromf Bedside Manor [Part 7]
You see the craziest things as a small town cop. Today, the sky came alive. That’s where the tentacles come from.
My Mother Used To Burn Me, Now I Know Why.
My car broke down with my pregnant wife inside and she'll never forgive me
Dear Diary: Help
The Janitor
Childhood Fears
Now, I am Cornered
Now I am cornered...
I opened my eyes and saw the face of God.
I opened my eyes and saw the face of God.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Hello this is not a scary thing
I hear a click, and something glimmers through the cracks in my bedroom door.
I thought her words were just her tics. They were a warning Part 1.
I heard strange sounds coming from my town’s donation dumpster
We're disappearing at Wright's Beach
The Drummer Next Door
My Canvas
The weird kid
If you hear a nursery rhyme called Snippity Snap, you need to read this as a matter of life and death. [Part 3]
My 35 year old son came home claiming he’s been held captive for 10 years. He’s been moved back in since he was 25I'm never doing door-to-door sales again.
I Prevented Y2K from Happening and No one Knows (Part 3)
Starlight Icarus
"But, you don't have a sister."
What if lightning grabbed things?
The day the Messiah returned
Question
I'm a doctor. I just met a man who was literally falling apart.
The Swarm
Just Ignore Them (CREEPYPASTA)
The house I inherited gave me more than what I asked for (Part 1)
Broken Nails
My Life as a Voodoo Puppet (Part 5)
Formless
Formless
CAIM. Also posed on r/creepypasta
Is it a bad omen to smell death in a graveyard?
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I found a very old item in my cellar. (Part 1)
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
My neighbor won't stop looking in my windows at night
My years protecting the forest
Bimbo the Bear
The Whitfield family
I went to a birthday party and found out what happened after it ended.
Stack Shifters
I'm a crime scene cleaner, but I don't think I can fix this mess.
Becoming Haunted
Teacher Tried to Change my Identity
Maple Falls is a Paradise
I didn’t know what it was
I Was Afraid of The Dark, Now The Sun Is After Me.
We found our lost cat, but he left us again.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Maple Falls is a Paradise
When your gut tells you to get out. Listen to it!
Having some issues at night ....
The Sisterhood in Saffron
I'm Not Crazy
I read my dead mother's diary. I don't know if I can ever forgive myself. (Part 9)
I used to see monsters in my sleep. Now I can't sleep, and they've become real.
Doors to Your Mind
The Begger From The Docks
Transcripts of the Creepy: Andie Sanchez; Don’t touch the Ghost Flowers
Transcripts of the Creepy: Andie Sanchez; Don’t touch the Ghost Flowers [Series; Part One]
My Monster is Different.
Smog
I found an abandoned town and I regret it: Chapter 1
The boy from Fresno
Here’s a scary one for you
Has anyone seen the man with the plastic smile?
Has anyone seen the man with the plastic smile? [Part 1]
An Angel of Destruction
My boss just lost a big election. I'm terrified of what comes next.
I Haven't Slept in Three Months and Last Night I Met God
There's a strange newspaper that's only delivered at midnight...(Part 13)
Help! Our daughter is multiplying! [Part 1]
Just West of Laredo (Part One) - by JWillard
I first met the man with his lips sewn shut when I was just a kid. He’s been haunting me ever since.
I was the reason Project „Panacea“ failed. And I am glad about it.
Muscled Skeleton
Infestation
"It's upstairs."
I walked home alone last night and narrowly made it out alive.
The Black Eyed Child part 2 update
This cemetery has tombstones with secret compartments. They all lead to different places.
The Man in the window
Under the Ground: It began with the tunnels what weren't supposed to be there
I can time travel a week into the past, but now something has gone wrong. [Part 1]
The hazy city.
Never leave the Garden [pt. 1]
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Weeping
Weeping
My wife and I broke down in a farmland and were introduced to a retired OBGYN growing a mysterious crop...
Wwllccmm Tt BeDsIdE MaNoR [Part 6]
Déjà vu
I Lived in One of the Most Isolated Villages in the U.K.
'The Insane Corridor' moved at night
"Tá sé thuas staighre."
That One Time The Pavement Came To Life
I don't have much time, i was bleeding out
I don't have much time right now i'm bleeding out
We're disappearing at Wright's Beach
The thing in my mirror
My friends and I explored the depths of The Wailing Cave. I'm the only one that came back.
Me and my crew woke the dead
Me and my crew woke the dead
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Why I'm scared of dogs
"GOODMORNING"
This isn’t very long
Headaches
If you hear a nursery rhyme called Snippity Snap, you need to read this as a matter of life and death. [Part 2]
I downloaded an app called 'How Will You Die?’
If I die before I wake
The Chronicles of the Graveyard Management Team - A wild widow appears!
I Have Nyctophobia - Nobody Else Can See What I See
That wasn't my childInsomnia- can’t sleep, and when I do I can’t get back up
There are statues in a forest far away from here
Insomnia- can’t fall asleep, and when I do I can’t wake up
A Harmless Social Experiment [Retyped]
Our new house is great, our new neighbor is not (part 2)
Insomnia- can’t sleep or get up at the right time
What if Adam and Eve never left the Garden? [part 1]
Insomnia- cant sleep or get up at when I’m supposed to
The Shadow of a Mountain
Have you ever met an angel?
My little brother got stuck in an air vent.
The weird sightings
My brother and I encountered a very strange woman while at deer camp
The Black Eyed Child Part two update.
My boss just lost a big election. I'm terrified of what happens next.
The downside of training killer vigilantes.
I haven’t left the house, and the rules make no sense.
Sights of Iron
The Shit I Saw In Iraq
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I Stayed With My Roommate and His Parents Over The Holidays
927 Orchard Avenue
I moved to the suburbs to start my life over. One of the boulevards hides something dark...
That Thing from the Ocean
I Lived in one of the most Isolated Towns in the U.K.
One 6th
I’m the last lighthouse keeper in Scotland... and tonight I set sail out into the darkness.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I discovered a Civil War veteran's last written note. It's the most disturbing thing I've read. Final part.
When I Gave Out Advice I had Two Children. After my Son Followed it, I Only had One
I Just Woke Up And I Don't Know Who I Am [Part 5]
The downside of training serial killers.
Someone I killed visited me in my sleep
Hi I'm someone who has been thinking about an entire horror short series and I wrote some down a while ago
I started a guild of killer vigilantes. I’ll tell you of the time we finally met our match. (Trigger warning )
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I die countless times everyday and I will never be able to make it stop.
I am a Priest charged by the Holy See to deal with the True Stigmata of Christ
Smiley the clown
Longings : Chapter 1
My Mother... Is A Monster
I die countless times everyday and I will never be able to make it stop.
I Prevented Y2K from Happening and No one Knows (Part 2)
The Silver Savior (if you want more just let me know with upvotes)
Something is in the corner of my eye.
My Girlfriend Never Takes Off Her Makeup But I Finally Caught Her And Now I'm Scared For My Life (Part 7)
If your car alarm goes off at 3:36 a.m., don’t tell the man inside to get out.
The nights are 23 hours long now, and something stalks me in the darkness
Let childhood memories remain just childhood memories?
The Collector's Harvest
Shut the door
Mr Blue Sky
I can't move.
Fuelled by hatred
I Used to Be Atheist Until I Found A Diary
I can't move.
I’m a Retired Priest. I’ve taken steps to become ordained again. When God closes a door, sometimes he seals the window as well.
Somehow I stumbled into a tavern with no exit...
Proxima Centauri is not a Star
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
My days in the avalanche.
My friend has a coin-operated little brother.
Burn fat and heal overnight with no change in diet and exercise
Shadows In The Mirror
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Never
Mr Blue Sky
I Am A World-Famous Artist. My Secret Is I Use My Victims Blood to Paint.
What really happened to Lucy?
I am a World-Famous Artist. My secret is I Use My Victims Blood to Paint.
Never
I am a World-Famous Artist. My secret is I use My Victims Blood to Paint.
They
They
Trump
For what else is a mother to do?
Im not sleepin rn
My time living in a drug house
My time living in a Drug house TRUE STORY
The Cure for COVID-19
they're waiting downstairs
Longings
My Experience with "The Midnight Man"
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Jenna &amp; I
The Shadow Came When I Was Young: Part 2
My Pyro Joe Creepypasta Story Came True
I experience time out of order, every day, with a shift every ten minutes.
What Caused the Big Bang(this is not related to stopping global warming)
It's November 8th, but my neighbor is refusing to take down his disturbing Halloween display.
The Gray Woods (Part 1)
I think Someone is living in my house
I am Alone in My House; Trapped with Paintings that move.
An Invisible Killer
my house
It is 4am I'm crapping myself
My Dolls Keep Talking to Me Part 1
Hello, I need some help. (Part 2)
The ritual
PodcastThe stairs in the woods
Our anniversary cruise took a turn for the worse...
The ghost of my wife re-enacts her murder every night
The ghost of my wife re-enacts her murder every night
The ghost of my wife re-enacts her murder each night
The ghost of my wife re-enacts her murder each night
Our dream honeymoon on the cruise ship took a turn for the worse...
"The Monsters Aren't Real."
Why I’ll never go to an abandoned place at night
I Prevented Y2K from Happening and No one Knows (part 2)
Our new house is great, our new neighbor is not (part 1)
Our new house is great, our new neighbor is not (entry 1)
What Saved Me Wasn't Human.
My ears perk up whenever something unfamiliar is near; so why have they been up for the past 5 days?
Do not steal from this woman
Found this from an old website called www.pineforest.com that, unfortunately, seems to have been taken down. I may need to search for more info.
Let this serve as a warning, never let too many changes to unnoticed (part;1)
The Nightmare Box: Part II
To the New Homeowners
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
SEASIDE (Part Two) Deep-Sea Investigation
my house
I need help helping my best friend move on.
my house
I’m the last lighthouse keeper in Scotland... and a congregation has awakened from the deep
I used to be afraid of Death, not anymore.
MY HOUSE
The Roblox Murderer
If you hear a nursery rhyme called Snippity Snap, you need to read this as a matter of life and death.
My Wife Found Out I was Cheating; Now... She Won't Let me Stop
The Nightmare Box: Part II
The Devil’s Gonna Set Me Free
NEVER! Drop your TV Remote.
I Spent a Night in a Serial Killers Murder Cellar: I will regret it for the rest of my life.
The Garden of Silence
Nobody....nothing... just silence
The Garden Of Silence
My Mother.. Is a Monster..
mind corruption #1 - stitches
Get healthy teeth and get rid of tooth decay
Thanatophobia [Part 8]
The Roblox Murderer
Thanatophobia [Part 8/ Finale]
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
i found place that don’t exist
I think training at this crisis center is going to be the death of me
The Tall People.
Le Puisard
I'm a Warden Between Realities: part 2
I never should have summoned "the spindly man."
Give Up
Give Up
Ghost in my home
I made a deal with the devil and It ended up in the same way. IN FLAMES
Can drug-induced photographic memory happen?
HAIR EATER [part 2] final
Don’t read the Robo text messages!
The nightmare that kills all dreams. TW for miscarriages
Within The Darkness
The Odiyan Files
The Goofball of Brumalia
The Goofball of Brumalia
How a can of redbull destroyed my life
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The Rails
The Rails [backlog]
The Rails [Old Journal]
At Night the Wall Knocks
Cattai Creek
Welcome to Fantasma: The Souls of the Brahan Seer (Part 4)
Writers Block
Witchfucker
Feeding A Beast
Something’s wrong with my neighbour, they won’t stop staring at me through their window.
23:21 11/9/2020
[PART 2] I’m an archaeologist who located the fountain of youth and drank what was left. Its guardian is now after my life.
Winter is coming...
23:19:24 11/6/2020
Horrific Expectations
How to Survive Camping - Rule #15: the cake is still a lie
The new house
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
A story of my ghost-seeing friend
The new house
There’s something seriously weird about our new house.
Hey, can some one help me ???
At first, we thought they were spiders.
My Girlfriend Never Takes Off Her Makeup But I Finally Caught Her And Now I'm Scared For My Life (Part 6)
I don’t know why he visits in my sleep
Germaphobe
The Wet Lady
There's a House on my Street that only Appears in the Rearview Mirror
SEASIDE (Part One) The Leviathan Killer
Coterie and Circle: The Serene Witches
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Government secrets
If you find a dollar bill with a stick figure drawing and a phone number next to it, do not call the number.
Sleep Disorder
I found out that I'm a sleeper agent for Hell.
I Prevented Y2K from Happening and No one Knows (part 1)I made a deal with the devil to bring my family back. But it still ended up in the same way. IN FLAMES
I Prevented Y2K from Happening and No one Knows (part1) (FIXED)
[Update] Do not let them in.
I shouldn't have gone on discord
The world changes
Eleições na escola
The Hollow Oaks Bakery
SOVINALIA (Part one)
SOVINALIA (part one)
I woke up with new cuts every morning.
I love my boyfriend, but if he doesn't cheat on me something terrible happens.
What Have You Done For My God Today? (Part Three)
To The New Homeowners
Mr_Outlaw_ Appreciation Post
music and showers don't go well together
There’s Something In the Desert
my horror story!
part 1 : of a story i wrote but my friend came up with it
here's a story i wrote ig but my friend thought of the concept and all, idk if it's horror but idk
idk if it's considered a horror story but here's a badly made story by me but my friend thought of the concept and all but i wrote it ig? the punctuation is prob wrong sorry but uh i tried. still haven't thought of a title you can suggest one.
Dance with Mr. Ears is much more than a simple kids show (PART2)
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Writers block
Thanksgiving dinner (November special
Saying who am I in the mirror 10 times a day for the next 30 days
Writers block
The Man on the Bench (Part 1)
There are no more inmates left on death row in a secret prison. Only the oldest sin remains. I'll carry it with me forever.
The mansion in the woods (Part 1)
A Skinwalker Horror Story
My friends and I messed around with a Ouija board. We shouldn't have. Part 1
PARALYSIS
A Beautiful Man stole my leg last night...
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The Power Of Perception
Mindbender: Part 1
Lake Serene
The One Who Follows
Don’t Stop for Gas
Someone was in the Woods That Night
Recollection of Death
The Artist
Johnny Skin Scraper
Goodbye Dear
My Worst Bathroom Experience
My best friend and I found a strange corpse in the forest (Part 1)
The Elder Tree Witch
The Elder Tree Witch
The night shift that ended the way I never thought it would.
Just a quick job
Last time I told you how I died. Now you’ll learn about what happened when I met the primordials
Don’t let them in ?
Creepypasta- Everytime I close my eyes I see “it”
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Lose weight the easy way
My Tiny Town Just Got Put On Lockdown: Searching for a Way Out (Pt. 4)
I’m the last lighthouse keeper in Scotland. And something calls to me from beyond the waves.
I was dead for three minutes and I saw the destination for people like me.
I found someplace that shouldn’t exist
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
After that night. I wish we didn’t put security cameras outside.
We bought pills on the Dark Web. We had no idea they were this addictive.
I was dead for three minutes and I saw the destination for people like me.
My first sleep demon
I was a prostitute on Grindr
A true story based upon my first sleep paralysis.
Older boys wanted to sacrifice me to the Being in the Alley
They Bark for a Reason
The Savior, Part one
I found Something.. or Someplace
They Bark for a Reason
THE SAVIOUR. PART ONE
I found Something.. or Someplace
Puppets
I went to a Job Fair, found work from a Crisis Center; and managed to not gouge my eyes out all in a single afternoon
The Forest, And How To Survive It, Pt.2
The Shadow Man
The Shadow Man
Endless Darkness/A nightmare-based story
The sickening
I am a Cryptid hunter in training, here is my story.
I ate an 8,000$ meal
Welcome to Bedside Manor [Part Three]
The Murderous Circus
Thanatophobia [Part 5]
Lose weight easy
The mirror
I’m Afraid Of My Reflection
My sleep paralysis just got real
There's a Refrigerator in the Forest
The Forest, And How To Survive It, Pt.2
I'm an elevator repairman. We're being wiped out. There's only a few of us left.
The devil on a airplane
- need better lungs
They are real to me.
Oblique to realize the real eyes of real lies
The Only Way To Go Is Forward
Last time, I told you about my death. Now, I tell you about meeting the primordials
bybit Register
[PART 1] I’m an archaeologist who located the fountain of youth and drank what was left. Its guardian is now after my life.There is a very strange noise on my terrace
Reflection
My name is Roby, I did something stupid, my family is dead
saaaas
I Prevented Y2K from Happening and No one Knows (Part 1)
There is motion at your Front Door.
One Sentence Horror Story
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
A friend told me about a man without a back that he saw on the beach
[ Part 1 ] I found a job ads online and I regret it...
There is 1 inmate left on death row in a secret prison and I've been tasked with eating their sins. Pride runs in the family.
Skate through
My boss made me work overtime. I should have just quit.
I can’t sleep help
Papaw's basket
Help Me
Am I crazy?
Death has followed my every step, and I'm starting to think, she's just my shadow {Part 3}
Play raid Shadow legend
My daughters a chicken and the deranged hypnotist has made a menacing proposal
Something Murdered Me In Every One Of My Past Lives
I think something really, really bad happened in 2020
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
My Life as a Voodoo Puppet (part 3)
Death's Paladin
Last time, I told you about how I died. Now, I tell you about meeting the primordials.
The only interview I regret
Death's Paladin
I found Something.. or Someplace
Gory Gory What a Helluva Way to Die
Democracy will prevail and the stones will rumble
I found something.. or someplace
My Imaginary friend is back; but he isn’t so imaginary anymore.
My school lockdown
My Great Great Grandfather Served in WWI but I wasn't Allowed to Read His Diary, I Now Know Why
Be careful when opening doors at midnight, or you might end up in Plume and Harper’s “Mysterical” Library
I'm scared of elevators.
My Great Great Grandfather Served in WWI, but I was Never Allowed to Read His Diary, I Now Know Why (posted again because formatting issues)
My Great Grandfather Served in WWI but I Wasn't Allowed to Read His Diary, I Now Know Why
I didn’t want to meet them
People Are Following Me (Part one)
Please Don't Buy This House
I am going live soon on Twitch
People Are Following Me (part 2.2)
People Are Following Me [Pt. I.II] The Nomad Chronicles
People Are Following Me Pt. I.II (clean version) The Nomad Chronicles
Just message me...
The Price.
a weird person saw yesterday night
I really, really, really didn’t want to die like this
YouTube ghost stories Reddit
The man in my basement takes one step closer every week. [Part 8]
Pizza Delivery On The Dark Web
This is a clickbait title. Now you're curious. Read on. You know you want to.
Gastronome
I Should Have Listened to my Grandma
Alone
I Should Have Listened to my Grandma
I went to a pancake restaurant at 10pm on a weekday
I Should Have Listened to my Grandma
SCP-6845
Alone
Mythinagerie
SCP-6845 (the contagious words) {real experience]
The ghost in the well
I didn’t want to be one of them
SCP-6845 (the contagious words)
The picture of the treasure chest
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
[Pt2] A scarecrow appeared near my home and it's being joined by others
Like Crabs in a Pot
My Tiny Town Just Got Put On Lockdown: Searching for a Way Out (Pt. 3)
The Last Stop
There's a strange newspaper that's only delivered at midnight...(Part 11)
That Time I Framed my Friend for Murder [Part 2]
When the storm comes. Please. Don’t look outside your window.
What the chuck e cheese animatronics do when the curtains close
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The Forest, And How To Survive It, Pt.1
What Happened to Mr. Scarecrow?
Can you hear that?
Will the 2020 United States presidential election upheave the markets?
Welcome to Bedside Manor [Part Two]
A Romance story
Don't Listen To The Screams
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
You see the craziest things as a small town cop. Here’s how to protect your nutsack from dangerous flammables.
If you have a bed frame, read this
Thanatophobia [part 4]
What my friend and I did over the summer
There’s a monster in my room but it’s not the figure in the corner.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I saw a snuff film on Halloween once
[ Part 1 ] House Sitting
If you see a weird Walmart in Gilbert, AZ, plz do not stop by. Part 1
I think my ex-boyfriend is using the occult/dark magic to ruin my life part 1
Apples
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Like Crabs in a Pot
Pick. ChewSome forest experiences
A nightmare
I was almost kidnapped by a sugar daddy who have minors in his house
There are 2 inmates on death row in a secret prison and I've been tasked with eating their sins. Wrath is the last thing in a man to grow old.
Shinobara
The woman in white
I was almost kidnapped by a sugar daddy who have minors in his house
They Wore Glass Faces
I’ve been stuck in this room for 2 months now
Foie Gras
Foie Gras
Foie Gras
Foie Gras
Foie Gras
In the afterlife, you're fucked!
Who am I (Pt 2)
I Never Let My Dog Outside at Night
I Bring My Daughter To The Graveyard (2)
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I work at a top secret bio lab, I feel it’s my duty to share this with the world.
I saw something that changed my life forever
When the widow cries
Tristan and the Grove
dreams are real if you make them (original horror story)
I begged the doctors to listen to me, but they kept brushing me off.
I dropped my daughter off to stay the night with my mom, I’m not sure what I picked up.
I discovered a Civil War veteran's last written note. It's the most disturbing thing I've read. Part 1
Story about an angelic possession - forgotten title
I Run A Pub For Monsters - The Harrow Inn
There’s a monster in my closet.
There’s a monster in my closet.
Something flipped my light switch at 3am
Clean-up crew, my love. Watch out for the Clean-up crew.
Sleep is a luxury when you stop taking your meds. I found out the hard way.
Not sure what I spoke to at this party
Something flipped my light switch at 3am
The ghost of Nairobi
Someone flipped my light switch at 4am
The Kid Down The Road Likes To Play With Grass
The Kid Down The Road Likes To Play With Grass
How to hold a bottled drink with your hand - Tutorial Must Watch!
Fright Fest Scariest Story Voting Thread
Why me
I never thought of doing reference checks before I married “my wife”
Have You Ever Encountered a Black Hole?
I’ve Lived Through Every Pandemic The World Has Ever Had
$500 Cash App Giveaway
Deep Water
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Halloween at the Mullins Funeral Home Pt II
V The ghost that fallows (part 2)
When the storm comes. Please. Don’t look outside your window.
I’ve Lived Through Every Pandemic The World Has Ever Had
I Bring My Daughter To The Graveyard
Never Hike in Forest Green
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
My son was diagnosed with something far worse than cancer.
My boyfriend cheated on me with... something
20 Years Ago I Participated In Something We Called The Great Pumpkin Holocaust. Now I have a New Annual Tradition
Retelling stories on my Youtube Channel.
Someone Knocked on the Elevator Door
HELP! Stories that I can't find anymore (YouTube &amp; Reddit)
Forest Encounter
Eyes in the mist - a story I wrote for a school assignement
My Debt isn’t paid with Coins, but the Devil saw fit in giving me a Monster to help with that
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Don't trust MASS
That Time I Framed my Friend for Murder
My Tiny Town Just Got Put On Lockdown: Searching for a Way Out (pt.2)
The Chronicles of the Graveyard Management Team - This calls for a lot of overtime
My grandpa warned me they would come
It all began when i met him.
I’ve seen what happens when you defy god
The excursion into the world beyond
I was almost kidnapped as a sex object by a sugar daddy
Simon the clown🤡🤡
[Pt1] A scarecrow appeared near my home and it's being joined by others
Hi, have some stuff to finish up before you call it a day? Join me in this productive cozy afternoon study with me.
I have no clue what happened
[Part 1/2] A scarecrow appeared near my home and it's being joined by others
I fell from a tree
My Tiny Town Jut Got Put On Lockdown: Searching for a Way Out (pt. 2)
I have no clue what happened (short)
My mom has been waiting to kill me all my life part one
A few days ago, I received a List of Rules. Now I am trapped here.
I am hunted by a hitman (Part 2)
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The excursion into the world beyond Part 2
Silent Crickets
Welcome to Bedside Manor
I am hunted by a hitman (Part 2)
Awakening "ancient evil"
It takes me three days to get to work.
I might have awakened the Ending.
Karen's great Halloween at Wal-Mart
I might have awakened
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The 9 legends of Rance's Avenue - Part 2
In an old orphanage I used to live in, we were taught to never respond to the children’s giggles.
EdenYOU
Something Radioactive is Buried Under My New Home.
"Don't be silly, dear" part one
"Don't be so silly, dear" part one
Something Radioactive is Buried Under My New Home.
Thanatophobia [part 3]
The locks in my house are unlocking themselves.
The locks in my house keep unlocking themselves.
Why Tonight?
When the storm comes. Please, don’t look outside your windows.
Girlfriends encounter with shadow being
I’m a cast member in your favourite TV show, and I want you to show this to my mom.
Uncanny Valley Ranch #1
New YouTube Horror Narrator
2020
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
My strange experiences in the Desert
I went Backpacking in a National Park, I don't think I'll ever go back.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The Golden Grin Creature.
Involuntary caving
Intriguing question, serious thoughts...
How to Survive Camping - I made a bargain
The voice on the walkie talkie
The Halloween That I Was Almost Kidnapped
Halloween Greetings Card from a friend
Night Shift at the Crab Shack
I shouldn't tell this story, but I will anyway,
Who am I (Pt 2)
When I Was a Kid I Went On a Tour to an Old Mine- Part 1
Close your vents. Or it will be waiting to make you join it inside.
Close your vents. Or else it could be waiting to make you join it inside.
Close your vents. It could be waiting for you.
Among us, heard of it?
The Ghost Girl Chronicles
Who am I (Pt 1)
My wife suddenly started complaining that I earned too much money
I'm haunted by a ghost that is annoying (part 1 of mine and V's adventures) (our origin)
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The Cthulhu Cult members aren't the lunatics you think they are...
My Life as a Voodoo Puppet (Part 2)
Narrations
T
I found a creepy audio recording in an abandoned house
I am an exorcist that has been contracted for a case in a small town nearby. I wish to document a particular case I went through
The Cthulhu cults aren't crazy..
I robbed a house last night—and found something I can’t explain inside.
Stay away from the suburbs in Michigan (Part 9)
You, me, and everything in Between
A letter my dad received from his sister that was sentenced for murdering her dad and shooting his wife
The Black Eyed Child
A true dream
The Jack
Marzipan Chace
The Tunnel
I commented on a dead woman’s Facebook live and she responded
I commented on a dead woman’s Facebook live and she responded
When I Was a Kid I Went On a Tour to an Old Mine- Part 1
What Have You Done For My God Today? (Part Two)
my mom has been waiting to kill me part 1
Why we wear long pants.
White Entity. Who or what is it
Haunting white entity.
Haunting White entity? Who or what did I encounter
dont look outside on 20 November in the night i will explain why.......
Closed-Circuit Terrifying-Vision
I've discovered secrets meant to stay buried, and I'm afraid in the process of digging, I've found my own grave. [Part 3]
The Nightmare Box
The Gah - ree - lo
The Bug
Twinkle Twinkle Little Scout
My grandmother tried to gouge out my eyes when I was a baby. Yesterday, I put an end to it all.
The Walk Home
His smile was crooked
Twinkle Twinkle Little Scout
I am hunted by a hitman
Something Took My Daughter
I attended a pagan ritual in Iceland. I've been stuck in Helheim for 100 years now.
I am hunted by a hitman
I am hunted by a hitman
The Things in the Woods Attacked my Town (Part 2)
If You Wake Up On November 1st At 4AM, Don't Look Outside Until Dawn
My class did a project that caused several people to go missing
Pizza Delivery
The Jack
I hear sounds from my teddy bear now i know why....
A Short Horror Story
Flesh Reconstitution
Some shit I wrote but it took enough time from me, so I won't discard it
We are not alone here
Im never camping again. Ever
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Don’t let your wife become a volunteer firefighter.
I ran into my ex in the grocery store. He's been dead for seven years (Part 3)
My Dopperlgänger
The Shadow Came When I Was Young
Perhaps a bachelor party on Halloween weekend wasn’t the best idea
My Tiny Town Just Got Put On Lockdown: Searching for a Way Out. (Pt 1)
I ran into my ex in the grocery store. He's been dead for seven years (Part 3, Final Part)My Tiny Town Just Got Put On Lockdown: Searching for a Way Out. (Part 1/10)
She was never gone, nor were they ever dead
Super Villain?
They though she'd never return... She never went away.
My creepy Classmate
I've got a new job as a mall security member, and what I am experiencing is starting to worry me (Part 1)
I’m a cast member in your favourite TV show, and I want you to show this to my mom.
Thanatophobia [Part 2]
Reverse Vampire 14: TPK
I'm Theirs
You can hear the storms of Jupiter from beneath the Pacific Ocean
Why Tonight?
Encounter with a nahual (skinwalker for strangers)
I'm Theirs
There is something wrong with my lamps
pink and white bear
Where is my head?
Do you see?
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
There's something wrong with my boyfriend
Never Eat stuff from Food Trucks............, Especially in Japan
Not all deserts are just sand...
A creature with a permanent grin won't stop following me.
The girl with the camera
I met a Genie on the street corner who granted me one wish. This was it.
The Men in the Bowler Hats, the Final Chapter... I Hope
The Pillars
Once In A Blue Blood Moon
We Weren't Allowed to be out After Dark in my Hometown. (Part One)
You have been distant...
He offered me an ice cream every day for seven years. I finally took it.
7 Minutes in Hell
I am going to die soon
I hope I get this out before midnight
It’s hunting season
After I saw them, I couldn’t sleep the same again
Trip or Treat
The Diedra Lee
Trick-or-Tracheotomy
A sudden chill pt.1
Which Episode/Story Am I Remembering?
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Our local officer isn't human
A mysterious guest showed up for dinner one night. My life has never been the same since.
A mysterious guest showed up for dinner last night. My life has never been the same since.
my gf is messing up my life
When I Was a Kid I Went On a Tour To an Old Mine- Part 1
A Face Only a Mother Could Love
As a child, my brother found a strange house in the woods. It was there that I saw something I will never forget.
My mother invited someone to dinner, and it was the most dreadful thing I've ever experienced.
The Upside-Down Man
Camp Clear Waters
OPERATION AQUARIUS
I am hunted by a hitman
A Beautiful Morning
I Was a PJ, until the plane was ripped apart by the things.
I have a hitman after me
I ran into my ex in the grocery store. He's been dead for seven years (Part 3, Final Part)
"Six days," said the pumpkin...
I am hunted by a hitman
I am hunted by a hitman
Nightmare at Houska Castle
A Warning About the Man Who Lives in the Dark
The Roamer
Interviewing a Senior Park Ranger from Darkfall National Park
I used to tell myself stories to try and fall asleep
I'm cursed. Every time I have a moment of true happiness, someone I love dies.
I eat people (not clickbait)
The Crystal Ball
My dog sits and waits for someone on our walks, but there’s never anybody there.
"Don't be so silly, dear" part one
Don't be so silly, dear
Do all the 2020 pumpkins have weird creepy legs or just mine?
Big Chungus is Not Real
Every Halloween, a child in our town is sacrificed
Big Chungus is Not Real
Big Chungus is not real
Is this a weird Halloween prank or should we call the police?
The purpose of life as told by a dead man
I met someone who claimed to have been cursed by God
One who watches
My Amazon Alexa knows something other sources don’t
It’s easy to start, but never easy to stop.
The office email ended with, "Don't be boring!"
I need help planning a second date/amicable breakup with a Tinder date I ghosted
Every year on Halloween, I receive an unsettling phone call. This year, it's escalated.
I need help planning a second date/amicable breakup with a Tinder date I ghosted
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
We came across a shredder in the woods.
A Halloween Story for Geeks
It's Not Really a Pumpkin Patch
The Truth About Black Aggie Revealed: It Isn't Just a Statue.
I've been trapped here for years and every day is exactly the same.
The documents about the end of the world.
It was Halloween Night...
There's a creature in my house with a voice like razor-blades.
Vampires Poop. Apparently.
I didn't find my wife unattractive enough
My Amazon Alexa knows something other sources don’tNot All Scary Stories Happen At Night
Lake Pontchartrain
Conspiracy theories with too much evidence to dismiss
Do Not Try Lotsa Lollies!
Stella's Father.
You dont know how much your Ex loves you
Old House Underwater
Along Came Halloween
Have you experienced a bizarre and inexplicable event? You're not alone!
I just want to be pretty
The Things in the Woods Attacked my Town (Part 2)
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
It knows where I am
I had a small roll in a cult horror movie years ago, and now it's coming back to haunt me
I shut up the music from the nearby apartment that ruined my ears. Note: Hexing them myself did nothing. Any alternatives, please. Thanks.
"Trick or Treat".
We Weren't Allowed to be Out After Dark in my Hometown (Part 1)
If you’re reading this it’s too late.
We Weren't Allowed to Stay Out Past Dark in my Hometown.
Dark Pinocchio Music Video
The "Hospital" that is about to be built in New York isn't a hospital, It's something much darker.
I woke up with a pain in my arm
The Visit
My Girlfriend Has Started Doing Things In Her Sleep
Where?
I Should Never Have Carved That Pumpkin
My Dog Keeps Making Noise in the Hall
Where?
Miss Hopkins loves Halloween
Something is drawing me back to my hometown
TMJ
The Accident
My Job is to Guide Others to the Afterlife
The Stockholm Lighthouse
I've Always Been Scared of Death.
That Omnipresent Obscenity
I Need To Share What Happened Last Night Taking Pictures in Nebraska
Trick or Teeth
The thirteen turquoise boxes sent to my home
The Ancient War
Have You Ever Used a Seclusion Box? They're More Dangerous Than You Think.
Can we have this once a month?
Can we have this once a month?
No matter how much they need to pee, don't let Trick or Treaters use your bathroom.
The Everglades Mysteries
If you have an abscess in your armpit, you’d be better off dead
The Stormwalkers Gaze
The Dog Man of Vegreville
I found a mansion at a country side🎃🎃
Uncle Ricky sends everyone a gift on their 22nd birthday. Mine wasn't really what I expected
Samhain
Fire Lookout here, let's talk about my first summer
I guess I'm dead now.
The Screaming in the Walls
When my Aunt Martha went missing, I inherited her house. I wish I hadn't inherited what was inside it.
ATTENTION ALL WALMART SHOPPERS!
I guess I'm technically dead now.
Orange Wolf
The Old Farm
Whilst Trick or Treating, my friends and I discovered a house that wasn't there.
Orange Wolf
Orange Wolf
I met someone who claimed to have been cursed by God
Lil bit O’ payback
The Old Farm
So, I lost my job and started going back to punk shows. Unfortunately, it seems like my local venue is infected with Anarcho-Capitalist Crust Punk Vampires.
ATTENTION. THIS IS A BREAKING NEWS REPORT
Bloody Holly
The Silent Noises by David Smith/Davey-Poof
The man who came from nowhere
The Silent Noises - By David Smith (Davey-Poof)
Stay away from gas stations if you value your life.
My Cousin Brought Me a Garbage Bag
By popular demand: here are the rules for Halloween Scream
My husband hits me
How do I make a post inside a subreddit?
The Shadows In My Yard
My sister asked me to buy weird cosmetics that can't be bought from Nordstrom, Ulta ...
Am I Pretty?
The year I slept in the room under the stairs
Halloween is my favourite time but this year somethings different....
When the wheat grew over our heads, we weren’t allowed outside.
I deal on the dark web, After this last one, I think I'm gonna take a break.
Our wishes were granted, but we missed the warning in the fine print.
PROJECTdeath.exe**
My Tiny Town Just Got Put On Lockdown: Searching For a Way Out (Part 1/10)
I’m a Fantasy Novelist and My Biggest Fan is Freaking Me Out
PROJECTdeath.exe**
PROJECTdeath.exe**
Please stay away from gas stations.
The Little Sheet Ghost
Reverse Vampire 14: TPK
I'm an elite zombie-hunter with I.G.O.R. - This was the worst day of my life since the apocalypse.
The Barber
Clickbait title - You won't believe what happened next.
the matriphagy of leana (read comments pls)
I Reaped Souls for Lady Death. She Wasn't Happy When I Quit.
Clickbait Title - (You won't believe what happened next)
She hunts on Halloween
Something’s Gotten Into the AnimalsThere was a woman living in the woods...
I found an illegal website that lets you join active Zoom sessions. Never Zoom bomb Catholic priests.
Every year on Halloween a child under ten years old goes missing in my town. My daughter turns ten in six hours.
I've been trying to post this all year. This may be your only chance to read it.
Thanatophobia [Part 2]
Why We Take The Heads Off The Mannequins At Night.
I’m forgiven.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I've been trapped in this bunker for 5 years. Please, is anyone out there still alive?
The Watcher
I'm trapped in a shitty hotel and everyone that I have sex with dies. Please help.
You need to be careful. Your eyes will betray you
The merchant of organs in New Orleans🩸🩸🩸
Be careful what you witch for
It's true what they say about DEATH, you should never look into it's EYE, especially when it's hiding behind a door and you're looking at it through the keyhole.
I went to see the crying joker, Ponmalio. Here are the jokes he said!
You Should've Ran...
Seed
Sweet dreams are made of these
The Painting
Sweet dreams (are made of these)
A cloud of birds branded me last night.
I fell asleep during my flight, when I woke up everyone was gone.
Clarissa
Please Lord, let me live just one more day
Has anyone else tried that new Snapchat filter?
I Followed Someone Trying to Steal at Walmart
It was mandatory to leave a pumpkin and a dead animal at your doorstep every Halloween by 3am.
I Just Pulled Off My Face - And Found Another Face Underneath It
Suggestion request— NoSleep stories revolving around video games?
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The cornfields are hiding something from the public.
They locked down our entire town and put a wall around it. It won't be enough to save the world.
In the Dark with You
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Pumpkinman
creepy websites??
Mike
“You’ve got to make this count or I’m afraid we’ll have to drop this one.
No one listened to my warnings about the track and field coach until it was too late.
The numbers conspiracy.
“I’m not putting up with his crap anymore! I’m done!” Beth yelled to the open sky as she stomped along the jeep trail.
ATTENTION. THIS IS A BREAKING NEWS REPORT
ATTENTION. THIS IS A BREAKING NEWS REPORT (Fright Fest)
I think we encountered a demon playing Randonautica.
“I’m not putting up with his crap anymore! I’m done!” Beth yelled to the open sky as she stomped along the jeep trail.
My dreams are turning into a reality
The snow is not cold on the 31st of October
I found the gateway to hell in the countryside.
I Killed a Man With a Shovel, But I Think He's Still Alive
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Devil's Night
All Saint's Day
The dancing plague of 2020
I've discovered secrets meant to stay buried, and I'm afraid in the process of digging, I've found my own grave. [Part 3]
Little Angel
My Darkest Dream
A Nintendo Game Counselor Has Been Calling Me Every Month Since I Was Nine
Something has been watching me through my window every night.
We peer pressured a girl to jump from a rooftop into a pool, and we have paid the price for our wrongdoing.
There is a Private Airline that hosts horror events only on a Full Moon. The flightplan for Halloween was a Nightmare unlike any imaginable.
A Life Worth Living
Fright Fest Contest Entry Post!
The Cult Of The Cruel Worlds
Happy Halloween! Event and Contest Details!
The Cult Of The Cruel World
ATTENTION ALL WALMART SHOPPERS!
The Cult Of The Cruel Worlds (my first story)
Uh hey I'm new so I thought I might write a scary story for my first post...I hope you like it
Hide from the figure out the window sill
People are disappearing, and I think I’m next
Demons Everywhere
A Descent Into Chaos
They were mistakes in the documentary
Don’t look out your window at exactly 2:08 AM
Be careful what you read
My Halloween date with a Skinscribe
The Statue
When I Close My Eyes...
Our daughter was kidnapped. Whatever we got back was not our kid.
The Dollhouse
My Life as a Voodoo Puppet (Part 1)
Don't post your pets' personal information. (2)
Welcome to the Show
unHoly Cow: A Blare Witch Project Parody
The Sacrosanctum
Welcome to the Show
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I'm a Search and Rescue officer for a US National Park/Forest Service, something strange is going on.
Pearls in the Dirt
Ugly, Ugly Wind
Jack and Dad...
Now your alone.
I ran into my ex in the grocery store. He's been dead for seven years (Part 2)
New horror vtuber, looking for stories to narrate
We're not allowed to leave our homes on Halloween.
I've said this once. I'll say it again. MIRRORS ARE NOT SAFE!
Pearls in the Dirt
Pearls in the Dirt. NSFW
The Things in the Woods Attacked my Town (Part 2)Martinsville [Part1] Herschell's song
Martinsville [part 1] Herschell's song
Airbnb Stalker
Something is happening in the woods
The Watcher
Don’t ever stop at the Traveling Spooktakular Roadshow
Okay, so, you know those tik toks with the achievement thing?
To call upon a witch
Things Best Left Unsummoned
You may be Afriad of the Sea, But You Should be Terrified to Step onto Dry Land
I'm on an amateur cooking competition show
The Doors
Please, never go Hunting in the Woods of Colorado
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Last Halloween I saw something
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I Just Woke Up And I Don't Know Who I Am [Part 4]
Once in a Blue Moon
Hiking with the cow
Hiking with the cow
Old man spider
I bought an nosleep story and it ruined my life.
Single-Door Folding Metal Dog or Pet Crate Kennel with Tray
Những mẫu thiết kế rèm cuốn phòng thờ sang trọng năm 2020
Possible Paranormal Encounter?
I Found an Old Audio Recording from my Grandfather
I Found an Old Audio Recording from my Grandfather
Don't remember
Clues, Coincidences, Curses, But No Conclusions.
I saw something weird while working as a bridge tender in Florida and now I can't work anywhere else.
I always get nervous when my girlfriend goes out without me
The Things in the Woods Attacked my Town (Part 1)
Janitor Williams
I work in a Pawn Shop- Update 3- The thing in the woods isn't me.
The Hypochondriac
Good Morning, Darling.
My late grandpa, a former homicide detective, left me a parting gift when he passed.
The Wonders of Nighttime Driving
The Underside: Reupload: The Truck Horn
An unfinished Rory, from my "I'm a cast member" series :D
Don’t forget to check your kid’s candy this year or they might summon the Jack-O-Mantern
I fell in love with a girl and now I want more.
There's a Reason We Don't Go Outside on Halloween Night...
I’m a contract killer here’s my tales (part 1)
I’m a contract killer I have some odd tales (part 1)
The creature that haunts Halloween
the man in the park
Ramblings of a man in love. She can never know.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
They're real
This could be the end.
Fear
Something sleeps in my shed
What happened last night
The Harpy
We should all look at it in different ways.
My friend got infected by a parasite that could destroy the world as we know it.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Today is my birthday, I was born exactly 16 years ago, 16 miserable years and this year I was fated to die
This basement has no stairs.
My best friend is a doll, and he came to life after a mistaken game of one-man hide and seek.
Don't disturb
The Black Silhouettes
I Reaped Souls for Lady Death. She Wasn't Happy When I Quit.
Thanatophobia
The past few weeks, I have been bothered by a late night visitor. I'm getting closer to figuring out what it is.
Thanatophobia [part 1]
The Grim reaper carries a badge and a chainsaw – Final
Please get a P.O. Box.
I once witnessed something so terrifying at 35,000 ft that I swore off flying forever.
I followed it, and now I’m trapped in another world.
me right now
“36 Hours Remain”
Christmas
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The Nightmarchers
Stars
Why I'll Never Teach My Kids About Angels
An awful racket
Jinns
Caving?
Ended right where it started
Trick... or... Treat
There is something.
The man with the hat
I See Monsters Part 1
Ghost in the Machine
Today I die
Encounter that turned my night in to hell
"I want to stay dead."
Disavowed
We moved into a new apartment and keep hearing a cat meow. We don't have a cat [Part 1].
Smash O Lantern
My imaginary friend
A strange encounter at the bar changed the meaning of fear for me
The Boy in the static costume(part 1)
[2] I wish I never knew..
The Doors
I own a car-key that opens every device. Today I’m going to use it on the machine in the woods.
I met my doppelganger while waiting for the train. This is how he tried to end me.Decapitated Tiny Limbs. My childhood story.
The thrill of murder
The sirens in the woods
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I think I saw the face of Infinity. Now I'm in a concrete box.
Haunted house/crazy lady
Members of my family have been disappearing. When my sister vanished, I feared that I was next. (Part 1)
My beloved family home is changing and I am powerless to do anything to stop it.
My Grandma’s Farm Had Strange Rules (part 1)
My grandma’s farm had some strange rules (Part I)
Real Estate Is Hard Enough When The Property Isn't Haunted (Finale)
I really really really really hate oranges.
Just a little hole
I work in a Pawn Shop edit- The thing in the woods isn't me
Everyone likes Among Us,including me...not in real life though...
Swallow the sprinkles of joy
Dogs
Tales from the REM: Curfew
The Horrid Halloween (Still being edited)
Elizabeth 🎃
It comes at midnight
The Totally Avoidable Pandemic
The three of us went hiking in Uganda, and deep within the jungles I found my calling
I ran into my ex in the grocery store. He's been dead for seven years (Part 1)
I make furniture for a living, a customer asked me to make a coffin
It’s Just The Dark Getting Settled
Under the ice
I found a doorway in the woods
Please Help! Have you seen this creature?
Nightlights attract them
Secrets after Dark
The Halloween King
Always check your apartment history before moving In. (1/2)
Have you seen this Creature? Please help!
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
My Boss Acted Really Strange Tonight
I am being framed for the murder of my husband.
COME SPEND HALLOWEEN WITH FRIENDS!
The figure in the hallway
The figure in the hallway
My father suffered from schizophrenia. After going to a toilet, I finally found out what happened.
I Inherited a Crazy Job From My Grandfather and Trust Me, It’s Not a Job You Would Want.
[2] I wish I never knew..
The Static
The security guard in my apartment building.
A brush with death
The man under the desk
The man under the table
The Dark Thing in the Trees
During day, my dad seems normal, but at night, he turns into something beyond your greatest fears.
My Job is to Guide Others to the Afterlife
Paranormal Playlist
THEY DON’T COME BACK
If You Find This
The Underside: The Truck Horn
Our scientists said we've entered a foreign parallel universe and I don't think we are alone in here.
The man at the park
The lucky few.
Helping the devil back to hell
Talking ghosts in my room, knocks on walls. Loud stomping. Breathing in vents. And... ghost farts
Does anyone else remember the Saturday Morning Cartoon ‘HalloweenTime’?- Final Episode
“The Moderators,” by Adi Robertson
Haunted room. Talking ghosts and knocking on walls
I got deep scars on my back from the Yokai.
Emergency Alert. Do not look out your windows.
The reason I'm no longer a tour guide
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The Little Trick Or Treater At My Door
In my bedroom
I’ve been having strange dreams and other problems.
The Pavement
The Pavement
My new neighbours upstairs are very disturbing
The Counting Man: The Choice of Haley Davis
Truck of life
Apparently the pavement can eat people.
What is use strict and what does it do
Hey You!
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The Grim reaper carries a badge and a chainsaw
Please subscribe
Mrs. Vegas
I have a doll from a television show that doesn't exist. I asked my mom about it.
I taught my dog to speak, and I don't think the dark stranger appreciates it.
I have a doll based on a show that doesn't exist. I asked my mom about it.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Searching for an old book keeps leading back to a CIA Archive about "The Illuminati".
The Intercom
There are 3 inmates on death row in a secret prison and I've been tasked with eating their sins. Gluttony is the act of digging a grave with your own teeth.
Halloween is coming up! Write a scary story in less than 200 Words
Today I Die
I Think My Psychiatrist Broke Confidentiality
The Intercom
Just wanted to lay down
DON’T open your door
Don’t stop at a highway side sex shop in the rural Midwest
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I work at the school I graduated from, I’ll never be able to leave.
Chill Sack or Ultimate Sack?
Halloween Movieschicken pot pie time
I discovered more than one reason why not to take kids trick or treating this year, thanks to my neighbor's missing children.
October Snow.
Nobody ever understood it
The end of the world. Vines?
October Snow.
An Unnatural Winter Night
The day my mug went pycho
I Was Going to Kill Myself, Until Someone Tried to MURDER Me.
Let's try not to die
My Job is to Guide Others to the Afterlife
The Counting Man: The Choice
Glory be to the Jack-o'-Mantern.
I'm a cast member in your favourite TV show, and I'm becoming my character.
Someone followed us out to our remote wooded cabin and took pictures of me
My Brother Was Punished Too Severely
I get a package each year. I don't know who sends it.
Someone followed us out to our remote wooded cabin and took pictures of me
The Thing I Saw in the Prodigy Gas Station
Someone followed us out to our remote wooded cabin..
Halloween Visits
I went to a knockoff “DcMonalds” and ordered the Chicken Fillet. Now I’m going back because I need closure. (Part 2)
I went to a knockoff “DcMonalds” and ordered the Chicken Fillet. Now I’m going back because I need closure. (PART 2 / FINALE)
I've stumbled on something that's eroding my sanity. We must come together to stand against this evil.
My online friend tried to invite a ghost home with him after a strange encounter
Rebuild your teeth and get rid of tooth decay, Attract everyone with a beautiful smile and remember getting your tooth rip out from your mouth hurts alot
I steal bones and artifacts for a living; There's a huge opportunity in the South Pacific (Part 2)
"CAPTUM EXCEDIT INTELLECTUM HOMINAE"
I am caught in the relentless hell of the 'Insomnia Overdrive'. And with every passing second, the tank creeps closer to empty… [Final]
LOSE YOURSELF
The Hooded Man Won't Stop Following Me
My best friend created his own ancient civilization. Now everyone wants to "play."
[1] The Encounter with the family curse..
A Kettle for the Sake
It's Hunting us!
The Curse of Alexa King?
Do I have a Granddaughter named Isabel?
The Curse of Alexa King?
The Fog [Part 2]
The doctors brought me back, but I think something came with me
The Fog [Part 2]
Corner of your eye
Me and my friends are stuck in a game and we can’t leave
People on this plane keep dying, and we aren't allowed to look out through the windows.
There was a scratching sound.
My Music Box
There's something wrong with the trucks in my town
A Current Unsolved Mystery
Real Estate Is Hard Enough When The Property Isn't Haunted (Part 4)
The tall man
Hair Eater [Part 2] (final)
A true unsolved mystery
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Sweet Things
Carnaval de Almas
Happiness in Glass Jars
The strange disappearance of Cory Hackmoore and James Bencle.
The Fog [Part 1]
The old woman Who was a pervert
Halloween at Mullins Funeral Home Pt. 1
Nihil.
Here, See
It Was Only A Game
They’re in my house. Help. (Extended version)
My monster wasn't under my bed
I Killed a Man With a Shovel, But I Think He is Still Alive
I’ve stumbled on something I can’t forget and I’m losing control
Incident Report: Nash Lloyd &lt;Last Name Variable&gt;. Sep 25th, 1982
The Beep
The Counting Man:The Counting Man’s Choice
Them [Part 1]
The Voices In My Head Keep Trying To Escape
Help
The Counting Man: The Counting Man’s Choice
Next time you hear the call of the wild, do not respond
Something Keeps Opening My Bedroom Door in the Middle of the Night
The Counting Man: The Counting Man’s Choice
The Voices In My Head Keep Trying To Escape
A year ago we rescued our dog, Noodles, from a dead body. Tonight her owner came back to get her.
Sweet Things
[WP]You own a Journal kept by a serial killer,when you woke up you found another entry.
[WP]You own a Journal kept by a serial killer,when you woke up you found another entry.
Only Those Who Die Can See Death.
Something Keeps Opening My Bedroom Door in the Middle of the Night
LOOKING FOR STORIES FOR NARRATION CHANNEL
Reflections
A stroll through the woods, a cat and various trains.
FIRE
No Sleep Post 1
Predator
My mother sends me letters every year on my birthday warning me. She’s been dead for five years.
No Sleep Post 1
I'm a sensible being.
Teaser for my story on the Halloween Contest: The Stormwatchers Gaze
Scream.... LOUDER
Winter Kingdom Part I
The Mystery sharter
I Own A Journal Written by a Serial Killer. When I Checked it This Morning, I Found a New Entry
Someone is sending me my son's fingers - Part 2
The Halloween HouseIncoming transmission..flagged top priority...source..manned artificial research satellite..The Fiducia... part 1.
My creepy neighbor is a cannibal!
Incoming transmission..flagged top priority...source..manned artificial research satellite..The Reliance... (part 1.)
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Run Away
I’m a dentist for monsters. There’s nowhere you can hide from them.
The Loogaroo
I laughed at something on the ceiling as a baby
It was late at night,I was drunk,why did I do it? Well I'm glad I did.
The Story of the Hunted
WHOSE TREASURE - a new card game
Do you remember seeing this song on Napster?
Alicia’s Fairyland 🧚‍♀️
The Truth
The Truth
Some People Never Leave Their Homes: Recount of Two Recent Dreams
The Hearing Aid
Garage's Truth
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I learned a hard lesson today, that I should be more careful of who I let into my home.
Join this for ALL of MegNutt's OF content!
I got a couple text from my friend then I never saw him again
The locker room smells worse than usual..
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
There was a head in the locker room...
There was a head in the locker room... (NSFW)
I Joined the Photography Club and Killed Four People. This is why.
We found an impossible village near the Rocky Mountains
Show me that pretty face
Something talks in my house when I’m asleep
My Life In Hell Pt. 1
I Work at a Half Priced Voodoo Store (Finale)
There’s a parasite in me
Death has followed my every step, and I'm starting to think she's just my shadow Part 2
Hi my name is Steven A. Joyce and I'm a journalist of the strange and sometimes unexplainable happenings others and myself experience
There’s a parasite in me
Incoming transmission..(flagged top priority)...source..[manned artificial research satellite]..The Fiducia... part 1.
The Town of Ashwood Has Legends. The Mailbox Is One of Them
My Life In Hell pt.1
The River Had Always Frightened Me. And I Finally Know Why
They’re in my house. Help.
I lived with the strangest creature ever for 2 years...
I Don't Like Tree Lines Anymore
I Joined the Photography Club and Killed Four People. This is why.
I think something is using my house as a hunting ground.
I'm making my horror novel free for today, in honor of Halloween. I based the story on a bunch of nightmares I had. Happy Halloween!
experiences at sea🐉
experiences at sea🐉
Every Night, a Man Comes to My Window and Screams
I Was Born In 1998 But I'm 375 Years Old (Part 2)
If the lights go out at the grocery store late at night, get out before the locks disappear. If they do, it's too late. (Update #2)
My Halloween VR Experience
Every Night, a Man Comes to My Window and Screams
What Have You Done For My God Today? (Part One)
If you see a knockoff “DcMonalds” in the middle of nowhere, do not order the Chicken Fillet
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The Screaming in the Walls
When I lived in Pakistan I tried summoning the Jack-o-Mantern. I regret it every single day.
It's probably
File 001, The man with the hand puppets (part 1)
It's probably too late
Who’s that girl?
[FILE 001] Peculiar Cases (status: unsolved)
Cat scratches
The Burbles
Beer cans
I had some unwelcome guests the other night, and I hoped it was just a dream.
Phobos does not exist (Part 1)
Questioning these posts?
I Led It Into My Bed
Stay away from the suburbs in Michigan (Part 8)
Cyberpunk 2077 got delayed again. It should take away your sleep.
The Flicker
There was a reason why my neighbor's Halloween decorations always looked so realistic.
The Woman in the Closet
I am caught in the relentless hell of the 'Insomnia Overdrive'. And with every passing second, the tank creeps closer to empty…
I can't sleep
I Investigate Cryptids, There Is Something Much Worse Then Bigfoot Hiding In Willow Lake [Pt.1]
Haunting Lullaby.
Brunswick Sludge Walker
Water. (Pt1)
Water.
The man in my basement takes one step closer every week. [Part 7]
“The Farmland” camp where miracles don’t happen
The Autopsy of an Elk
The Brunswick Sludge Walker
Visiting the Crash Site
Ashwood Forest has legends. The Mailbox is one of them.
The Brunswick Sludge Walker
Why I hate sleeping.
It started at a party, part 2
There's a Jester in the parking lot at work.
It's quarter past six. It's always quarter past six.
My Stepfather Tried to Kill us | The Night That Would Change Our Life Forever
The Counting Man
The Counting Man
I dream of kittens. It's the most horrifying thing I've ever seen.
Mt. Hope Motel
MY haunted house story!My Grandfather's Last Request
The Counting Man
The Counting Man
Furberries Fables Vol 7 Starring Reanna | Dad and Daughter Narrate Together
The Hunger Won't Go
Make perpetual income every month
Something weird is happening at my grocery store (part 2)
I’m writing a book on short scary stories if you have any stories you want in the book message me
The ghost that haunted me for years for was replaced by something far worse.
The Burbles
My First Exorcism
Everybody knows the torment of a wicked bad itch that you just can't reach! So please enjoy "The Itch".
What happened??
If You See a Downed Aircraft in the Everglades, Avoid It
i just came in to my aphrodisis! advice pls
There are 4 inmates on death row in a secret prison and I've been tasked with eating their sins. Through Sloth comes the greatest tragedies.
Awakening in the Woods (Part 1)
i just came in to my aphrodisis, advice pls?
We stayed overnight at the most haunted hotel in England...
My father sent me into the forest with a letter to deliver. I will never trust anyone again.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
You see the craziest things as a small town cop. Do you know what fluid spurts out of monster tentacles?
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Garage's Truth
Whats the creepiest thing that has happened to you?
I steal bones and artifacts for a living; There's a huge opportunity in the South Pacific (Part 1)
I steal bones and artifacts for a living; There's a big opportunity in the South Pacific. (Part 1/2)
ISO creepypastas I can't seem to find
Three Sentence Horror Story "Staring"
The mimic.
True Story.
I received a noise complaint over a dog barking too late at night. It wasn't a dog.
Genuinely no sleep.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I received a noise complaint over someone's dog barking too late at night. It wasn't a dog.
Whilst playing Pokemon Go, I discovered that my AR function was a portal into an alternate reality.
1 NEW MESSAGE
The Perfect Match. Part 1.
Brother
I have had the same dream every night for the past 49 years
The King FaceTimed me
Someone is sending me my son’s fingers - Part one
I interrogated a cannibal, and I horrified him.
The Brunswick Sludge Walker
I didn't know it would turn out this way
Always say your night prayers
The Haunting of Crimson River (Part 1)
The things in White Hills
Horn of the Older
An Interview with God
Dear World
No, I don't understand
Dear World
Dear world
Something weird is happening at my grocery store (part 2)
Real Estate Is Hard Enough When The Property Isn't Haunted (Part 3) Series
join my among us discord :D
These Mountains Aren’t Normal
I HEARD the BIRDS 2 weeks ago
My father sent me with a letter to an 'old friend' in the woods. My life will never be the same again.
My father sent me to hand a letter to an 'old friend' in the woods. My life will never be the same.
Do Not Kill Your Imaginary Friends
"Home" Sweet "Home"
Do Not Kill Your Imaginary Friends
Paraphrenia
Paraphrenia [3.2k words]
I Had A Weird Night At My Apartment A Few Years Ago
The Whistler
A guy broke into my house while i had online school
Paraphrenia
Skinwalker Stories Compilation
Skinwalker Stories Compilation
Skinwalker Stories Compilation
The documents about the end of the world.
Is anything real?
Make perpetual income every month
Mrs Sternin
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
In Asteré
I read my dead mother's diary. I don't know if I can ever forgive myself. (Part 8)
The price we payed..........
My grandmother tried to gouge out my eyes when I was a baby. At age twenty, I revisited the woods.
Sister
Water.
The story of Milo Johnson.
It was just a dream, not real right? No connections to real life, right? Yeah, I'm completely safe. Definitely.
My cat is missing!
Just wanted to Share.
I Was Born In 1998 But I'm 375 Years Old (Part 2)
I HAD AN ENCOUNTER WITH A BAD MAN IN A WHITE VAN AND NOW I’M IN WITNESS PROTECTION (PART 1)
Sometimes talking to the Man in the Moon isn't a great idea.
Through the looking glass straight to hell.
I once saw Carlos Boozer punch Colin Farrell in an Applebee's
I just took a DNA test, turns out I'm 100% in over my head
The Santa Flora Expedition
Pray
Dr. Morrigan's Case Files: Tobie's Bug Bite
Hi young gun I'm you perv. unclevic420 I'm at g mail place I'll talk more latet
Brain:No you can't just stay up all night and get no sleep!
On my Red way to BarstowBrain: You cant just stay up all night and get no sleep!
Don't go to Chesterfield Manor on Halloween. It won't let you leave.
Pass this story on
A Stroll Through the Woods
Looking out into the abyss
A story my Father told me before he went missing.
Vicariously_precious
Don't go out looking for the Jack-O-Mantern on Halloween. You will find him.
Guess the foot steps game
Puppets
The Click
I was blinded in an accident. Then I started seeing things.
I spent a night inside Ted Bundy’s Murder Cellar. I will regret it for the rest of my life.
I’m a security guard at a museum but the artwork really puts me on edge
I don’t know why they kidnapped me. I don’t know where I am, or who I am. All I know is that I have to get out. I have to survive...
It was just a dream, not real right? No connections to real life, right? Yeah, I'm completely safe. Definitely.
Went in for sleep treatment, found out what's coming for the world. (p1)
Class 1C: The Girl with a Basket of Eyeballs
I Led It Into My Bed
There’s been a chemical spilling in my area and now people in town went batshit crazy, myself included.
Her sister they kept in the attic.
Hi guys are u scared? ... do u love to watch Abandoned child hospital explored... then u will need to check out my first video on youtube where i explored abandoned child hospital ;) and look what i found there ... If u want to see more of it subscribe to my channel and don't sleep ;)
There are 5 inmates on death row in a secret prison and I've been tasked with eating their sins. Envy eats nothing, but its own heart.
Hi guys... Check out my first video on the chanel ... We explored abandoned child hospital :) check out what we found there
I Investigated a Halloween Story of My Grandfather’s. It Was a Mistake.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
2:20am
I work for a radio broadcast station. Tonight, I refused to read a broadcast.
I visited my best friend for his wedding and learned about the local mannerisms the hard way
Cure Your Snoring - Simple Solutions to Stop Snoring
Void
I was found on Halloween, 1993. No one could figure out where I came from. This is my story.
Sam's House
I've discovered secrets meant to stay buried, and I'm afraid in the process of digging, I've found my own grave [Pt. 2]
The Frequency
An interview with God
Hey guys! Can y’all give me hand, new narrator here!
I found this really creepy photo on my phone. I didn't take it
The stars are going out
La cigua
My old English tutor from high school cuddles me at night sometimes.
I Don't Go Out to Sea Anymore, Here's Why
Mars - or how I learned that a one way colonization trip to a desolate red wasteland gave me hope to live
I Work at a Half Priced Voodoo Store (Part 6)
Paper Thin
Out of Gas
Grandma Forgot
Series - PRIMORDIAL PART 1
Something weird is happening at my grocery store.
THE WHITE VAN MAN
THE WHITE VAN MAN PART 3 FINALE
THE WHITE VAN MAN PART 2
THE WHITE VAN MAN PART 1
my body doesn't match my mind
Don't Go To Chehaw Zoo's Gator Feeding
Don't Go To Chehaw Zoo's Gator Feeding
Don't Go To Chehaw Zoo's Gator Feeding
Why I'm forever terrified of elevators
Don't Go To Chehaw Zoo's Gator Feeding
THE WHITE VAN MAN PART 3 (FINALE)
THE WHITE VAN MAN PART 2
The Ghost of John Brown
THE WHITE VAN MAN PART 1
Don't Go To Chehaw Zoo's Gator Feeding
Don't Go To Chehaw Zoo's Gator Feeding
For the last few hours my cat has been creeping me the hell out. I think I know why.
I gained an unwanted, cursed friend and now people I interact with die
The darkness with blue eyes and silver teeth.
Real Estate Is Hard Enough When The Property Isn't Haunted (Part 2)
My work has some strange on the job rules. - REPOST
My Debt isn’t paid with Coins
A strange encounter from a roadside assistance worker
I Was Born In 1998 But I'm 375 Years Old (Part 1)
My son was sent by an angel.
I spent the night at Ted Bundy’s murder cabin. I will regret it for the rest of my life
Best in Class
I’ve been watching the Time Square Live Stream, and there’s something very wrong
are ghosts real?
Never trust the gods of old (part one)
20 Years Ago I Participated in Something Known as The Great Pumpkin Holocaust. I Think It's Time for Me to Pay For My Sins
I lost my eyes in an accident. Then I started seeing things.
I’m an anthropologist. This is an introduction to a thesis I’ve been working on. I’m looking for some proofreading and revision.
The Stringfellow Case
I had the weirdest sleep paralysis
Grandfather Reverses Diabetes Type 2 With Odd Diet Hack
I keep seeing a woman in the corner of my eye
I Should Have Listened to My Grandma
Låtsaskompisen
I Should Have Listened to My Grandma(1st story, pls be kind :))
I saw something strange in my grandmas room/basement.
The perfect daughter
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I really wish I hadn’t bought that switch
Rejected Archive: The Kola Borehole
Door to Nowhere (Part 2)
Don't go to iraq
My dead mother at Disney World
The Blinking Man
I freed an animal from a testing lab, and it was the worst mistake I ever made.Last year, my wife killed my dog. I know now that she murdered him, and no longer feel bad about what happened last night, in fact I want to share.
My awkwardness is lethal.
I Was Born In 1998, But I'm 375 Years Old (Part 1)
I freed an animal from scientific testing. It was the last mistake I ever made.
My grandmother tried to gouge out my eyes when I was a baby. At age nineteen, I met the blindfolded man again.
Drip drip drip
X-28063
When you're alone, and start to hear nothing. Make sure to make noise.
Don’t know if it belongs here but...
Norse gods are real, but I don't know i be alive for long after encountering them
My Time at the House on Rose Street (Part 2)
I found a dangerous treasure. [Final]
Henry's Deformity
Bought a pair of headphones at the thrift store. I should have burned them.
It Wasn't a Lipoma [Part Two]
Hair Eater
The Man In The Shadows
Someone is building something at my school
I’ve been watching true crime make-up tutorials, and something weird’s keeps happening
I need help canceling my JollyWell subscription box order
Does this mean I’m fired?
Our Town Made a Strict List of Ordinances for Trick-or-Treating this year. We should have obeyed all of them.
This is my first short story, I hope you enjoy The Stringfellow
Crawler
I can't wake up from my labyrinth dreams
They still walk these halls
My diary is a day ahead of me
The ghost hates darkness
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Something Might Be Wrong With Emma
Some kid killed himself, his post history is bizarre. Not sure what to make of it.
I think I stumbled onto something here.
A travelers eyes opened
DARK MATTER. *1
My Mother's Vegetable Garden
Is it illegal to kill someone who's already dead?
A travelers eyes opened.a purpose found
No One Can Hear You
Sleep paralysis
It went bad. It went really, really bad.
Paper Thin
How Close Are We?
The Bridge
The Most Intelligent Conversation You Can Find
The Landlord
He comes from Southwards [Part 1]
The Shadow Figure in 5B
The shadow figure that cursed me from 5B *TRUE STORY*
My Friend Simon
We have to stop burying the Dead!
Reddit user /u/_demetri_ posts a horror short story prompted by /r/TwoSentenceHorror
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Lean in close and let me tell you a secret
There’s Something in Pine Cove (Part 2)
While recovering from a broken leg, I ordered the most immersive VR headset in the world.
I've found a website that is all about death.
The Replacements
The Days Are Getting Longer [Part 1]
The Teyko Cult Part 1
The end of the beginning: 2020 was just a trial.
My life as... Me
Rolling Green Hills (Part1)
My life as.. me (installment one)
My self pride almost cost me my life. Don't be afraid to check under your bed before going to sleep!
Somethings wrong with my town but I'm the only one who sees it [PART 1]
Real Estate Is Hard Enough When The Property Isn't Haunted
I’m a hired gun here’s my tales (part 1)
I read my dead mother's diary. I don't know if I can ever forgive myself. (Part 7)
The Silent Thunder
Do not spend a crown
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Everything is far too perfect on Grandiose Boulevard
God Isn't Real, Because He Is The Darkness That Defies Existence.
The Faces of the Dead Look Down on Me
He saw dead people, and now he's dead
I Work at a Half Priced Voodoo Store (Part 5)
I Worked in the Prodigy Haunted House for Four Years
Think about it
The great pumpkin
My father's demon
My mother needs my skin.
My grandmother tried to gouge out my eyes when I was a baby. At age fifteen, I made a deal I couldn't remember.
scary
Henry's Deformity
The Chronicles of the Graveyard Management Team - I’ll never call a spirit as a witness again
I'm new in town. I'm also new in my life.
The Sasser Flea Market
The Card Game, the scariest moment of my life!
Please help
Forgotten
R/ProRevenge: my boyfriend is still secretly in love with his ex.
So I spent 10 hours mining in Minecraft (Using max Netherite pickaxe)! Here are some of the results! Full loot breakdown can be seen in my YT channel!
"These eleven questions can tell you a lot about yourself."
EXPERIENCE NEAR AN INDIAN UNIVERSITY
We played a mean prank on a kid when I was younger. It was the worst mistake I ever made.
The Corpse Arena.
Don't Go To Sasser, Georgia's Flea Market
I live in a town near Hameln. Lately, we've been hearing the pipes againI lost my shadow and started going to a support group for it.
Amber Waves
Halloween game
The Pine Forest
There is something terrible in Sri Lanka rainforest you shouldn't know about...
Halloween game
This is the continuation fo my first story about Sri Lanka
There is something terrible in Sri Lanka's rainforest you shouldn't know about... (PART 2)
There is something terrible in Sri Lanka's rainforest you shouldn't know about...
Don’t open doors for people you don’t know
Does anyone else remember the Saturday Morning Cartoon ‘HalloweenTime’?- Episode 4
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Bamboo
I bought a painting that predicts people's death.
I'm pregnant and fingers keep popping out of my belly button
The dog that terrorized us
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The Filling Station
They know nothing, they are nothing
I Work At A Conservatory For A Species Of Black Widows That Shouldn't Exist.
My husband leaves every night at 3:00 AM and comes back an hour later. He was drenched in blood. (PART 1)
Enjoy your life, kid.
It started at a party
the student - a diary entry that shows the destruction of a child
trying to grind and grow
Birthday Sleepover
I'm a doctor working the night shift. Nobody else remembers my patient.
always mop the chalk circles.
My family was murdered and it wasn't me. I am not guilty.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Death has followed my every step, and I'm starting to think, she's just my shadow
I’ve been raising my nieces for years. Something is very wrong with this family.
I've discovered secrets meant to stay buried, and I'm afraid in the process of digging, I've found my own grave.
Why I'm forever terrified of elevators
My tree-house is haunted by a thirteen year-old. Last night, the fucker egged my bedroom window.
Why I'm forever terrified of elevators
My tree-house is haunted by a thirteen year-old. Last night, the fucker egged my bedroom window.
My grandfather hates the smell of rain, and now I do too (part 2)
a "imaginary" friend
It's 3AM I'm literally writing this because I can't sleep. Just thought I'd write about a funny noise I hear sometimes
Laying away at 4AM writing this as I literally can't sleep, silly story about a funny noise I hear.
I Was 16 When It First Visited Me
This is seriously a true story, and I literally cannot sleep.
I Was 16 When It Started Visiting Me
When It Snows On Halloween
He comes from southward. [Part 1]
Mr. Bee Likes His Sandwiches Frozen
Somethings on my side, and I really don’t want it.
The Abandoned Building P.1 The Night Crawler
Scary noises aren't scary...
The Abandoned Building [p.1] The Night Crawler
3rd Narration In This Horror Journey! Tune In!
My Abandoned Building Experience (The 21st NightCrawler)
Strange Dreams
New No Sleep Story on TAD Podcast
My Best Piece Yet
The myteriouse shelter
You are missing the point
Torture Chamber
The Girl in the Pasture
The Creators: Part 1
Finality.
Finality.
Finality.
The Planet That Came To Little Hunsruck
It was in her room (it wasn't sleep paralysis)
Sleep-Deprived? Here's What You Need to Know
I always thought the skin walker stories were made up.
One day while I was stoking my...
I'm recovering from a car crash, and something doesn't feel right
i keep hearing loud dragging noises in my house.
The documents I found in the science lab
I found a dangerous treasure. [Part 1]
Every time someone in my town dies, their face appears on a Jack O' Lantern.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Rejected Archive: The Kola Borehole
I play this game every night with the static in my closet...
I’m being haunted by a Beatles song.
I went to summer camp with a yandere... It didn’t end well.
I Can’t Visit My Mom’s Grave Anymore
My roommate reminded me of something that I completely forgot happened to me
In two hours, I will be kidnapped and die in front of hundreds of people because of my stupid curiosity.
The Strange Man in the Woods
My grandmother tried to gouge out my eyes when I was a baby. At age fifteen, I saw the woods for the first time.
I regret go to the abyss
The Darkest Corner on the Lot
someone was with me even tho i was home alone
I don't know what come's after the number 10
I ran into my ex in the grocery store. He's been dead for seven years. (Part 2)
I ran into my ex in the grocery store. He's been dead for seven years. (Part 1)
I’m being haunted by the song ‘here comes the sun’ by the Beatles
I play the same game every night with the static in my closet
I play the same game every night with the static in my closet
I play the same game every night with the static in my closet.
Anyone have any crime, mystery and thriller stories?
I ran into my ex in the grocery store. He's been dead for seven years. (Part 1)
Rules to survi
Ellie Bakerfield disappeared thirty years ago
The Thing That Came Trick or Treating
What Stays BehindI tried to help.. I tried to
I saw a bright flashlight shining at my house
I saw a bright flashlight shining at my house
The man on the midnight flight.
I still remember that day when I was in kindergarten.
Not Alone
I still remember that day during my kindergarten.
Not Alone
The first time I saw it
Not Alone
I found strange audio recordings on my phone that I don’t remember making. The lock screen on my phone says: listen to the voice notes.
NoEscape98.exe
I saw a giant flashlight facing my house
I found strange audio recordings on my phone that I don’t remember making. The lock screen on my phone says: listen to the voice notes.
There are 6 inmates on death row in a secret prison and I've been tasked with eating their sins. If we let it, Greed will consume us all.
I saw a giant flash of light outside my house
You see the craziest things as a small-town cop. Despite what my browser history says, I had never seen this many tentacles before.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
NoReturn98.exe
I Am Deaf, but Sometimes I Can Hear A Blood Chilling Static Noise
We are cursed, need help! Part 1
The disappearances in Lothny Creek.
ATTENTION: Chief of Police Needs Your Help
Walking in the Woods
New creator looking for Stories to tell on youtube.....
The Corpus Arcade - Skull stacker
College Ghost Stories Ep 2 - The Wailing Woman
someone broke into my house. and stole my fridge ?
I Swear, I'll Never F*ck with the Woods Again
Breaking Into Merv The Perv's House On Halloween Was A Mistake
The BUNNY at the end of my street
I unknowingly cut down an enchanted tree. And my life fell to pieces.
The BUNNY At The End of the Street
Hotel Lakeview Crescent 🌙 Pt 2
An identical copy of my son showed up in our house one day
I’m Meredith Garland, dispatcher for the souls of the damned
When will they stop
The smiley faced man keeps getting closer.
Can’t sleep
The first time I saw it
Door to Nowhere
Cafe Flesh
The first words ever written by mankind have been discovered...and whoever reads them is driven to suicidal madness.
The first words mankind ever wrote have been discovered...and the words have driven all who read it into suicidal madness.
Palm Manors
The Battle of Weiburg
The Cost of Isolation
A missing kid a week before Christmas
The Hole in the Ground, at the Corner of the Street.
The Darkness makes a treehouse whole
College Ghost Stories Ep 1 - The Old Man In The Building
i was kidnaped by something that looked like my friend
Blind Billy's Binds
Sleep paralysis occurs only in the one's who are ready for the final judgement.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
It Comes Out At Night
Itch
The Commenter
The Blackwalk
The secrets of Scotland #1
The Alnwick Tapes
[The Commenter]
68 gasping? a number. help me out here.
Don’t do things to others that you don’t want happening to you.
“I’m not putting up with his crap anymore! I’m done!” Beth yelled to the open sky as she stomped along the jeep trail.
Le spectre (spectrum)
These are not my woods.
“I’m not putting up with his crap anymore! I’m done!” Beth yelled to the open sky as she stomped along the jeep trail.
I never knew I would be a killer...of course not, who would ever think that? PART II
The Man With No Face
7 Minutes After
My grandmother tried to gouge out my eyes when I was a baby. At age fourteen, I started experimenting with witch jars.
the siren head outside of my window
The woods
Having my fortune told released something dangerous
My Grandmother's Secret (Part Three) Finale
My Grandmother's Secret (LAST ENTRY)
Please don't go off the trail... you'll find something that will ruin you.
Do not go to the park at night
Do not go to the park at night.
The Darkest Corner of the Lot
THE DEAL WITH THE DEVIL'S REJECT
hilo freinds
The Thing that ate the Donner Party
Hotel Lakeview Crescent 🌙
My Brother Jack and I
A Demon Named Frank
hilo freinds
Lockdown Procedures at White Lake Middle School will remain in effect until further notice
College Ghost Stories - The Old Man In The Building
The Creature in the Woods
Behind it all
I’ve had an extreme phobia of heights all my life. Last night, I finally saw its true face.
Oblivion
I fell asleep in class, when I awoke the town was deserted - Part 3
My last day delivering mail on Route 42
A Handful of Dust
Relaxing Slime Compilation ASMR | Oddly Satisfying Slime ASMR Videos #45
I'm Workin for a Haunted Ranch [Part 2]
ATTENTION: Chief of Police Needs Your Help.I am used to late night visitors, but I am currently not taking them. Apparently, that's not enough
Do Not Speak with the Mysterious Hikers on Rye Mountain Park
I love Mondays now
I Found A Secret App That Predicts the Future
The disappearances in Lothny Creek.
There are 7 inmates on death row in a secret prison and I've been tasked with eating their sins. Lust can be a suffocating, sickening experience.
No matter how long I dig, I can't find my kids
The Creature in the Woods
The Creature in the Woods
The soft scratching never wakes me
Local hotel horror
Being Psychic Really Isn't All That.
Jack and I
A Christmas present
Fun fact
The King under the Moon
A Christmas tree
Marie Sevyonov
An old Encounter: Can anyone explain this?
Marie Sevyenov
An old encounter: Can anyone explain this?
Smile for the camera Pt.1
I’m blind in my left eye. But I can still see out of it
Something wants to come inside
Someone Sent Me What I Thought Was A Sea Monkey Kit. They Weren't Sea Monkeys.
The man in our basement
I've always been afraid of the dark. I never had any real reason, until now.
My last day delivering mail on Route 42 [3 OF 3]
Patient 18
68 gasping? a number. help me out here.
How To Survive Camping - a weak will
I Work at the Brimstone Tavern, Never Touch An Object that's Been Left Behind
my mind constantly throws parties 25/8
The Night Time Invisible Demon Cat
My neighbor has been stalking me (This story is told from the prospective of a 19 year old girl)
Exterminator
Talking head
BOOK TITLE IDEAS NEEDED!
Reddit Horror Story Youtube Video
Night shift nightmares.
I can’t leave when there are others outside my door
You should avoid being homeless in Florida (Part 2)
Please don't go off the trail.
White Dog
I survived Canada's scariest corn-maze.
Youtube Horror Stories
Time
I saw a weird white dog in bogs near my house at night
My next-door neighbor was really loud
My Supernatural Experiences As A Satanist
You're not perfect
There's a silver doe in the woods
How far would you go to save your life?
White Dog
A Demon Named Frank
It’s 3:00 A.M. and I Don’t Know What To Do Please Help Me
There's Something in the Northern Prodigy Fields
I Work at a Half Priced Voodoo Store (4)
[FN]The dark angel ( part 1)
There was something knocking on the air during my walk home.
I work at a Haunted Ranch Part 2
The Clean Up
Entry #1 - From the Journal of Ignatius Peterson
The Scary Man
Alone in a dark city street
Alone in a dark city street (horror story that I wrote for school)
This Was Her Room
My least favorite Halloween party
This Was Her Room (2523 words)
I’m never running again
There's an afterlife.. but its not pleasent.
There is an end. But it isn't what you'd like to hear.
There is an end, but its strange out there.
The Most Unnerving Conversation I've Ever Had
There's a Place Where the Dead Come Back to Life
I discovered a forgotten tribe near the Grand Canyon, I really wish I hadn’t
I'd Rather Die Than Have Another Near Death Experience
The Customer
The Custome
All Saint's Day
Ascension of Man
I’ve been stuck without light for 7 Years. It’s not as dark as you think.
I’ve been stuck without light for 7 Years. It’s not as dark as you think.
Intense
I live in an asylum and it has a dark history.
I live in an Asylum and it has a terrible history.
Ok, serious question...
Blasphemy brings Wendigos
The Kindness
Tuesday
There's A Skinwalker in My Neighborhood
My grandmother tried to gouge out my eyes when I was a baby. At age twelve, I learned that nobody around me would ever be safe again.
If you go in the woods and you come across a lone woman, ignore her. Even if she knows your name.
I'm stuck in a time loop and weird things are occuring
Ahsulaifoa the duck thats eats ass
Deadly whispers
I was contracted to help conceal a UFO crash. (Part 6)
There's a door in my floor pt.1
This world hides terrible secrets
Deadly whispers.The Crazy Spiritual Stuff I Encountered As A Satanist
Blasphemy brings Wendigos
R vs MATLAB: Unbiased Comparison to Choose The Best
I woke up in a creepy room, now I am trapped.
Report Deleted
There had been a secret hidden in my office’s database, and it’s only gonna get worse if anyone try to access it again
my dead mother
Why I Regret Going to the Dark Web....
There are things that move too fast for us to see. And they're hungry.
WARNING: Ignorance is Bliss
I purchased a new house and there are some rules I need to follow.
The mystery identity of one of the Siska twins: I discover a secret identity of one of my autopsy patients
She won't let go..
I never wake up for the scratching at my door.
WARNING: Ignorance Is Bliss
The Sunken Secrets of my Great Grandfather's Journal - Final Part
Rhopos
I'm a Warden Between Realities, and I'm Hunting a Killer Sasquatch
My Scars Scream : The Whisperer
The Corpus Arcade- Hammer Slammer
If you see a woman with a serrated smile, you need to read this as a matter of life and death. [Part 2][FINAL]
I'm an elevator repairman. Rule #8 - Don't jump in the elevator
I investigate the paranormal aspects of cheating. My research tells me actions have consequences.
The Girl Who Ate Daikon
IT’S THREE A.M.
I Now Know Why They Are Called Weeping Willows
The Parasites of Hillsbrook Community
I need to convince my girlfriend to take her stalker more seriously.
Understand
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
recovery
I'm stuck in a loop of the same day [PART 1]
I'm stuck in a loop of the same day. [PART 1]
The thing was in her room
Someone leaked my personal details onto the dark web, now everyone I love is being hunted down.
Local 5hifty st8
A strange house mysteriously appeared in my neighborhood. They call it: Mr. Syn's House of Skin.
Where is everyone, where’s the moon?
A little worried. I was apparently sleepwalking last night and told my wife I would kill her.
Hello! I just joined this community.
Split
They move too fast for the human eye to catch. Today I saw them.
This is the Way
My Last Pizza Delivery Shift Ended in an Unexpected Trip to Hell
My Last Pizza Delivery Shift Ended in an Unexpected Trip to Hell...
The yellow generic school bus
The Haunted Hard Drive (PART 1)
I've Been Trapped In The New Mexican Desert For Two Weeks (Part Two)
I confess
Turtle Lake, Indiana
Club Penguin Anarchy Chapter 1
I've Been Trapped In The New Mexican Desert For Two Weeks (Part Two)
I know who's been digging in the cemeteries, and you shouldn't look for them.
My Great-Grandfather encountered something horrifying during World War I.
The foxes sounded different last night.
I Just Started Working for a Haunted Ranch
My Last Pizza Delivery Trip Ended in an Unexpected Trip to Hell
Ways to survive a haunted house
I keep seeing a giant bird man flying above the baseball stadium...
I used to work at the Magic 8 Drive-Thru
Kissing
I’ve started to become a monster
I passed out in the woods and ended up in my bed.
The Maddening of Men
Yesterday I found a disturbing web page
The bags keep coming, I can’t lift them. If this continues I'm not sure how I will be able to get out of my door
The Maddening of Man
My grandma always used to tell me about scary "myths" this one has rules, that you must follow.
Let the trees whisper sweet nothings. Stop them when these start making sense.
The Secret at Saint Street
I will never forget my grandfather’s last words.
It's Just Spam
I work for a secret lab. We discovered something terrible.
Stay close.
It's Just Spam (Repost)
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
It's Just Spam
I discovered a forgotten tribe near the Grand Canyon, I wish I hadn’t
I'm a Photographer With Evidence of a Haunting, Pictures Included
And so, the little black house at the end of the hill stayed there. Stalking. Waiting.
If you ever plan on visiting Grand Canyon National Park, Never go out past dark
My Grandmother's Secret Part Two
my grandma's stare scared me
Everyone should have a few houseplants—and not just because of the oxygen.
The Nightmare Shuffle
IT’S THREE A.M.
Cartoon Creepypasta..
The Parasites of Hillsbrook Community
Lanky Larry
Zorbo's insatiable hunger
The Planet That Came To Little Hunsruck
The yellow generic school bus
I CAN HEAR THEM SCREAMING
I CAN HEAR THEM SCREAMING
I'm running away with the woman from the pond.
Mr. Skins &amp; Me
My Grandma's Stare
Transcript from Lawson County Deputy ██████'s Body Camera Footage
The Graveyard at the Edge of the Mist.
The man in my basement takes one step closer every week. [Part 6]Followed all my life
Follow me
The second I blink is the second they'll kill me.
I am a television.
Pictures
My Grandmother's Secret Part Two
Maria and I
Need stories for creepypasta channel on youtube
Halloween Mother
Paranoia is a warning not an instinct
Not all puppets wear their strings on the outside
Fuck the elderly
I used to be a letter carrier, but after a week delivering on Route 42, I'll never work for the USPS again
My grandmother tried to gouge out my eyes when I was a baby. At age ten, I met who she had hoped to protect me against.
I explored an abandoned military experimentation facility. I now speak a language that I shouldn’t.
I thought I could play God, and there will be consequences.
The Sounds of The Void (Part 1)
I Became My Nightmare
The figure on 44th st
The Midnight Radio Show
Beware Backwoods Bridges
The figure on 44th st
When I was in high school, two of my classmates mysteriously died.
Writer's block
We tell everyone my scar is from a bad bout of sleepwalking, but I know better.
The Death of Prometheus
I never knew I would be a killer...of course not, who would think that? PART 2
No one Noticed the Bees
Scary Classic B Movie Trailer Compilation part 1
Scary Classic B Movie Trailer Compilation part 1
I live in an Asylum, and I had the strangest dream
I Disappear one week every year, and I’m scared to death of where I go, “Final part”
I went hiking a few days ago and I'm still trying to process what happened.
small town minds stay small
When you see the man in your dreams read this if you don't don't read and run
Loch Lomond
I Used to Investigate the Occult: Khaibit
The Sunken Secrets of my Great Grandfather's Journal - Part 8
The Final Dive of Walter St. Clair
The Dimview Recordings (Part 2)
What Happened To "Best Friend" That Hired Me To Kill Myself?
You Should Avoid Being Homeless in Florida Part One
What is the most controversial thing that you have ever heard?
The man on the train
Home Sitting
Pest Control
My flight made a detour through the Bermuda triangle, I almost didn't survive.
I used to be a "happy moments" photographer. Recently, my photographs portend terminal illness.
The bunker down below (part 1)
small town minds stay small
Security logs from a haunted asylum
The Reaper of Mission Lane- SEPTEMBER 25, 2018.
Small town minds stay small
Dawn of the Werewolf
IT’S THREE A.M.
Dawn of the Werewolf
The Sounds of The Void (Part 1)
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Return to 'Return to Oz
the dentist has weird rules [PART 1]
The dentist had strange rules i suffered for
The ghost in my apartment and I finally reached an agreement
Poppers good and bad
If you see a woman with a serrated smile, you need to read this as a matter of life and death.
I got a pizza delivery order that I will never forget
Cup full of smile
The Grey Men
I fell asleep in class. When I awoke the town was deserted - Part 2
The Sunken Secrets of my Great Grandfather's Journal - Part 7
"You know you are welcome, when the host offers you the WiFi password."
The earth isn't flat but it isn't round either.
To my sweet baby boy
Strange Occurrences Aboard the S.S Wild Irish Rose.
I used shadow pepper against my grandmother's wishes. Now I don't know who to trust.
The Arctic Spider [Part 1]
I man almost a direct copy as the other whistle story.
Improve your lucid dreaming results, with the help of a supportive community &amp; expert teachers
A face you can’t remember
The Ojiisan of Ryujin Onsen
Strange Occurrences Aboard the S.S Wild Irish Rose.
The Ojiisan of Ryujin Village
Every full moon, the reaper visits Mission Lane.- SEPTEMBER 24, 2018
Halloween is around the corner, and I couldn't be more scared after what happened last year.
The night that I became the Vampire King.
Out on Lake Okeechobee
Someone in my apartment???
Something weird just happened to me and I don’t understand it.
Repeat, I Can't Sleep.
Why can't I sleep?
My boss is friends with cultists.
The old man at the end of the path fixed
My dad was a Scientist i am scared of what he made.
The old man at the end of the path fixed
The old man from down the path
I fell out of a roller coaster ... I’ve no idea where the hell I am - Part 3
Return to Me
I fell out of a roller coaster - I’ve no idea where the hell I am ... Part 3
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Mother Nature
i think i might be killed soon.New to the Neighborhood
The Downstairs
Hi scott I’m death part 1 coming soon
Sick
I Became My Nightmare
I Am a Dark Angel
A homeless man offered me a good night's sleep, now I am going to die.
Winter Kingdom Part I
obsessed
Gravedigger
I am a retired police officer what I saw still haunts me.
All Rats Go to Hell
HORROR BENEATH THE WHITECAPS
Among us scary story
The Dimview Recordings
I disappear the same week every year, and I’m terrified of where I go, “Part 2”
Among us
My daughter knows the "Boogeyman".
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
¤ Part 1. The Crimson Puddle.
My Shadow is Alive
She got her hooks in him
Don't move.
I'm A Stagehand For A Darkweb Gameshow - Lies, lies and more lies. (Finale)
It Wasn't a Lipoma [Part Two]
Reddit has become my Wattpad
I downloaded reddit just so I can read all the stories before sleeping lol
I know why we shiver at the sound of nails on a chalkboard
I have a monster in my home that attacks me while I am blinded
If you don't see the doll, LEAVE NOW!
I Tried Robbing my Town's Abandoned House...
The Cursed Picture
They Won't Let Go
Murder for Hire and Ghost Guns
I'm A Stagehand For A Darkweb Gameshow - Lies, lies and more lies. (Finale)
A last farewell
My old boyfriend always told me I had beautiful eyes
They Won't Let Go
When Favoritism is Bullying's Backhanded Friend
Not alone
I think the library is trying to send me a message
He just keeps watching me
I think the library is trying to send me a message
Not alone
Your life-long companion, Yteixna
Paradoxical
Angels Brood
Who’s in the Costa Mesa, CA area and knows what the fuck is up
My Building Has No Basement
My plane had crashed on an abandoned island, I wasn't alone there / Part 1
There's a day hidden between the days
Foul Farm.
First Dark-Matter Blot Discovered (Disproportionate Tentacled Thing)
Foul Farm
You should always close your books before 00:11:01
You should always close your books before 11:01
I am a Priest and I have to break my Seal.
I learned that the Hudson River was void of nothing
The Lark
I found weird journals in the house I just bought 2
Somebody was living under my porch
When we were kids, my little brother died on Halloween. He's come back to visit me every year since his death.
My past is catching up to me and I couldn't be more horrified.
A homeless man offered me a good night's sleep, now I am about to die.
The smile man
The truth about reoccurring nightmares.
Basement story
Skeletons of Winter Part I
Jack the riper
The Midnight Game
I’m a Retired Priest. Recently I have taken steps to become ordained again. The church had other plans.
The Man in the Mirror
Route 42
There's something wrong with site Zulu. (update 3)
There's something wrong with site Zulu (update 3)
The Sea of Trees
My boyfriend was infected. I had no other choice.
Found this from an old website called www.pineforest.com that, unfortunately, seems to have been taken down. I may need to search for more info.
My sister and I are staying at my uncle's lake house. She found a treasure map that's leading us to something sickening - Part 11
The girls with chalk
I'm privy to the secret below Joe's coffee. Don't go there if you're human.
Spiders From Space
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The man in the forest
Upon A Crimson Throne: Part 1
Daniel's Gyroscope
Don't challenge the unknown unless you know how to deal with it later.
The Sunken Secrets of my Great Grandfather's Journal - Part 6
Never Talk Back to a Mod
My wife has been acting strange lately. I’m not sure what I could have done wrong?
Directions to My House and How to Avoid What Descends on Sunbeams
I'm an elevator repairman. Here is Rule #7 - Don't ram the doors with your mobility scooter
The Endless Woods
My dog died. Now, I’m killing angels to get him back from the afterlife. [PART 2]
September 2020 Voting Thread
Old Neighborhood but New Girls are Always Dangerous
The failed break-in
My New Apartment
The Following
Nightmare Creature(Part 1) Security Detail
The First Card
(Part 1 of 2) Security Detail
Ollie tale
The Shadow
2 Nights At Camp But We Weren’t Alone Part 1
Ozuna Doja Cat Sia Del Mar remix
Ozuna x Doja Cat x Sia - Del Mar remix
There's nothing going on!
Blue Moon
I fell out of a roller coaster - I’ve no idea where the hell I am ... Part 2
Blue Moon
I lost my apartment keys, I think I’m being messed with.
i got a call from my missing daughter.
Kosmos 954
Kosmos 954
I installed a mod for Subnautica and it’s hunting me
The Return
Disgruntled Employee
2 Years ago, Me and My Son went to Italy To trace back an Italian Composer, Our findings were very Disturbing
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The Thing that haunts My Dreams P.1
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I should have turned down the two free tickets to the corn maze.
Sometimes we all need a good scare to put things in perspective. Well, I certainly have a new perspective after this. But not necessarily for the better...
Compression
I was attacked last week.
CBN for sleep?
Take One
[Question] ISO story about alcoholic that seeks shelter from rain in abandoned house and is chased by monster after getting kicked out of the bar and finds refuge at friends house
The Massacre at Crybaby Bridge: An Oral History - Messy Configgerations
The Night the First Church of Prodigy Burned Down
A Scary Story That Happened to My brother And I.
Halloween, the Season Where Anything is Possible
They Won't Let Go
But, It Was Just a Dream, Right?
What happened
Most loved one
I Never Wanted A Basement.
Could I Have Done Something?
I Disappear the same week every Year, and I’m scared to death of where I go
My father hired “the greatest vet in town”. I didn’t meet them until he passed
I Work at a Half Priced Voodoo Store (Part 2)
You should stay away from walls on halloween
My son's video game addiction killed people.
You should stay away from walls on halloween
I Was A Stagehand For A Darkweb Gameshow - An Anniversary Gift From Mr. Rainbow. (Part 4)
Sea Monkeys Have My Family And I’m Locked In My Room!
You should stay away from walls at Halloween
The crochet dolls
my son's addiction to video games killed people.
Trapped
[Update] I shouldn't have gone running tonight
He's been watching me for 7 days now, a ceaseless watcher
The Hole
A horror story I wrote when I was nine
Elevator
I Bought A Pair Of Goggles From An Oddity Shop, And I Wish I Could Unsee What They Showed Me
9.14PM
The Horsefly King
Something trapped me in a tunnel
My Best Friend
I genuinely think there is someone in the laundry closet
Arachne's Cave
Whilst playing Pokemon Go, I discovered that my AR function was a portal into an alternate reality.
My friends went to an abandoned place today
There's a strange audio playing on my phone and I have no idea where it came from
Monsters Of War
Dream Chronicles (Part One)
What Really Frightens you?
The Feathers of Grace and Evil [Part 1]
I learned that the Hudson River was void of nothing
I used to do miniatures for commission
I photographed the wrong thing when I followed my Mom... Context
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
My Great-grandmother’s house
Does anyone else remember the Saturday Morning Cartoon ‘HalloweenTime’?- Episode 3
I photographed the wrong thing when I followed my Mom... Part 1
My little brother had been missing for 17 years, and when I finally saw him again he hadn't aged a day.
To Hell And Back.
We decode British myths and folktales for a Government agency. The Fae were hiding more than just a girl.
Does anyone know anything about the Weald Bells? (Part 1)
People are dying in my hometown, but they're all the same person.
The sound of the violin
We created a human without lungs. What he said still haunts me
I no-clipped inside Google Earth
Last Halloween I witnessed a murder. This year it happened again but I intervened. Now I wish I hadn’t.
Halloween Night
Cabot House
My plane had crashed on an abandoned island, something else was there with me / Part 1
The Wails On Garrison Bridge
e
Constant nightmares
https://youtu.be/q3plCs8ms24
That Unnatural House
Sea Monkeys Have My Family And I’m Locked In My Room!
The Sunken Secrets of my Great Grandfather's Journal - Part 5
Most Loved One
I want to learn how to "how to "I found a set of rules on Reddit a few months ago and I don't think I'm the only one.
I Found An Old MP3 Player With Songs I'd Never Heard Before. I'll Never Listen To Music Ever Again.
My dog died. Now, I’m killing angels to get him back from the afterlife.
I found a post on Reddit a two months ago and I don't think I'm the only one.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I found a set of rules on Reddit a couple months ago and I don't think I'm the only one.
I found my mass murdering Uncle's survival guide, and I'm not sure what to do.
The caravan.
Things Always Seem Bigger When You're A Kid
I've seen nothing darker...
The Rumors Are True
I never thought my mom was bad.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Killing
Was it Madness or Reality?
Therapy gone horribly horribly wrong....
I fell out of a roller coaster - I’ve no idea where the hell I am ... Part 1
I was taken to "hell" this is what happened.
Through the Static
Demons smell like lavender.
Trying to find a 'story' about a staircase
Missing Person: Kimberly Woodward
I live in an Asylum, and I don't have a girlfriend.
I work for a veterinarian who never, never lets a dog die.
I work for a veterinarian who never, never let's a dog die.
I discovered a dark secret in my parents' basement. Now I'm on the run.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
DO NOT APPLY FOR THE BUILD YOUR OWN BOYFRIEND PROGRAM
I found a mask made of flesh in my grandpa's attic. Now I'm in a face-off against an eldritch deity trying to devour the very memory of our reality. I've had better days.
We Found Something Beneath the Waves [Part 1]
I Work at a Half Priced Voodoo Store
The Final Joke
New Paranormal Podcast
Don't Tell Sean
The Wails On Garrison Bridge
SPOOKY
I might be in the wrong r/. Let me know :)
I might post in the wrong r/, let me know :)
I Was A Stagehand For A Darkweb Gameshow - Guess This Image &amp; Trivia Night (Part 3)
The Horsefly King (for Sly)
My neighbor asked me to watch his dog
There’s a monster in my family.
The city’s gone
I gotta get a new human meat guy.
Horror in the Forest
Please go away
The Corpus Arcade - Madame Marilyn’s Occult Pinball
Something terrible happened to me in 5th grade
Nell’s House
It only comes in the rain
If you see the bleeding woman, you're safe
I'm sorry to my unknown lover.
The Blue Boy
https://youtu.be/2v8IBo4tq08
No face man???
You're Not Human. I Grew Up Underground.
Don't go cave diving with amateurs
If you see a vehicle broke down on Clear Creek Road, do not pull over and help
Forest of Ghosts
Incomplete - Part 1
Forest of Ghosts
Was it a paranormal experience? Sleep paralysis? Or something else
Deserted is a reality show that never aired. And now that I know that my life is falling apart. Part 2 of 2.
Don’t be tricked by Devil’s Doorman
7 days of Christmas torture- Day 1
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
We decode British myths and folktales for a Government agency. The Fae aren't the only ones with secrets.
“I’m hiding..can you find me?”
I fell asleep in class, when I awoke the town was deserted.
Does anyone remember this story?
[APP] Sleep Well: Sounds to sleep, meditate and relax
Corn mazes might seem like the last safe outdoor activity, but this one scared the shit out of me
I'm a new witch and I think I made a massive mistake- FINAL PART
There’s Someone Strange in Apartment 178.
Little Bo Creep
The Man In The Camera
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I think I’m stuck in a loop in my hospital bed.
There’s something wrong. And I don’t know what it is.
How I became a werewolf.
In the mountains of China are many paranormal things
The odd rules of a night time hospital administer
I’m a cast member in your favourite TV show, and I’m running out of time.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Life 360 Could've Saved My Life, Break-In
Transplant
I barely dodged a bullet with the Covid vaccine trial
2016 News killer clown reports in the area please lock your door and remain calm
Creepiest 911 call list I found online! I decided that I'd make a challenge and see who is the toughest one here!
I drove to a place that does not exist.
I work at a psychic hotline. Something really strange happened.
Harry
All of my lovers die.
Do dogs understand what an accident is?
How to Survive Camping: the worst year
Need help finding a story from about two years ago
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Protect yourselves my children
The NehmenI Wish We Never Entered That Cave
Just a scratch
When the sunset and never came up.
A Hanging Man Said Hello to Me Today
Portals are so hard to close
Nồi nấu phở tủ điện rời TD-150L
My last patient woke up after his autopsy.
Next time you hear the call of the wild, do NOT answer it
Help
Warcraft Stalker
The Embedded Thing
Next time you hear the call of the wild, do NOT answer it
The Massacre at Crybaby Bridge: An Oral History - Following the Carnage
I Was A Stagehand For A Darkweb Gameshow - Guess This Image (Part 3)
im new and this is most likely wrong
It Wasn't a Lipoma [Part One]
The Court of the Rat King
The time I had to disappear because of the deep web [PART 3]
Group A.S.C.K part 1
The Scar on my Forehead
Name this movie!!
The Scar on my Forehead
The Scar on My Forehead
My Last Investigation
Halloween Party
The Black Car Visits the Trailer Park (Part 3)
The Man in the Window
Unfriendly Smiles
We found a hidden facility in the mountains and now something has happened to Matt
What Happened To Me?
The Dark Tract
Where is it coming from?
The Sunken Secrets of my Great Grandfather's Journal - Part 4
Ghosts in the Machine: A Modern Gothic
The backrooms
Missing Person: Kimberly Woodward
My boyfriend's poltergeist is now mine, and that's okay.
I found a box filled with Flash Drives
My eyeballs just wouldn't stop itching.
I found a box in my backyard filled with USB Flash Drives
Everywhere I go, I see her face. I'm terrified for my life.
Letters from the Lighthouse
It's 3AM, a hooded figure is following me.
I found weird journals in the house I just bought
I found a journal in the house I just bought
Channel 16
I live in an asylum, and I feel like I'm going crazy.
Walking the trails alone can end badly.
The girl in the cave.
THE MAGIC MAN
The Asylum
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
My cousin hasn't contacted anyone in my family since he went to his honeymoon, then I was sent this.
The path to damnation through greed
The Crow
The Corpus Arcade- Harry’s Haunted Hayride
Why Did I Stay
My Great-Grandfather is the Reason I Lost My Leg
No survivors from the town, but one repeated phrase burned into my mind, "Praise to our god, who has now granted us purification." Part 1.
The Man said I would never feel pain again. I guess he was right.
A Most Heinous Creature
BLINK
The time I had to disappear because of the deep web [part 2]
We were occult hitmen for the government. They sent us to kill a cultist who learned God's name.
48 65 6c 70 20 6d 65 21 20 49 20 68 6f 70 65 20 73 6f 6d 65 20 68 61 73 20 74 68 65 20 73 65 6e 73 65 20 74 6f 20 74 72 61 6e 73 6c 61 74 65 20 69 74 2e
What goes blink in the night
48 65 6c 70 20 6d 65 21 20 49 20 68 6f 70 65 20 73 6f 6d 65 6f 6e 65 20 68 61 73 20 74 68 65 20 73 65 6e 73 65 20 74 6f 20 74 72 61 6e 73 6c 61 74 65 20 74 68 69 73 2e
What does the baby want?
The Man said I would never feel pain again. I guess he was right.
Not Liam
The Boy in the Upstairs Window
Maybe "Witch" Wasn't the Right Word
I knew something was off with my waitress
A study on purgatory
What a Spooky Night
There’s a Hot Air Balloon hovering overtop my house
I'm in need of desperate help! Please, if what my father said is true, I don't have much time left.
I think she's some sort of witch
Deserted is a reality show that never aired. And now that I know that my life is falling apart. Part 1 of 2.
There's a strange newspaper that's only delivered at midnight...(Part 10)
My friends and I used a OUJIA board and did something wrong, and all of them disappeared 20 years ago. After all these years, its now come for me.
The Horror Contained In The Basement
Last night, I woke up...
Pumpkin Patch
"The Asylum" by J. Rayburn
Pricolici
"Taking the halloween shift was the worst mistake of my life"
The Ash Gray of Death
(True) Desperate guy from Warcraft wouldn't let us have a good Halloween.
I haven't been feeling myself lately
It’s so easy to dismiss the things our children hear in the house at night. I really wish I hadn’t.
LILITH
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Surface Tension
I will never forget my parent's death
I will never forget my parents death (part 2)
I will never forget my parents death (part 2)
Am never going on omegle again after what I saw
I will never forget my parents death (part 2)
I will never forget my parents deathThe Celtic rituals were worse than you imagined
She Loved Strawberry Marshmallows
The Celtic rituals are worse than you imagined
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Ghost Writer
I guess this was the last straw.
I Make Things
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I just got a new Job at some boring wear house or some shit working nights. My boss just gave me this dumb list of rules.
Screams In The Night
My Loser Brother Won The Lottery And It Ruined My Life
We Were Targeted
Don't forget the night light...
My hometown is also cursed
THE ELDRITCH WOMEN
No one can see her but me...
descriptions?
I Found a "Message in a Bottle" From a Lost Arctic Expedition (Part Three)
Davids
In my hometown, our fields were covered by a fog the whole summer
The Chronicles of the Graveyard Management Team - That time I got shanked in jail
I’m a cast member in your favourite TV show, and I’m running out of time.
I still feel it in me
My Seeing Eye Dog Saved My Life
The Chronicles of the Graveyard Management Team - That time I got shanked in jail
Jdjdididndjduddj yshhxjjfjdjdididkkdfkkffidiskskdifkfjfkkhelpdjdusjhsizjfkdisidncnxhhzjsjsjfnxnjxjxksjrnfjcicocmfjirriowoeifjjcucjxjxidujdddududjdj
My Little Girl Locked Herself in the Bathroom
I shouldn’t have gone running tonight
Living in the sewers is hard, but this guide has always kept me safe
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
My wife and I did a Freaky Friday switcheroo. Now she's gone and I really want my old body back.
I Was A Stagehand For A Darkweb Gameshow - How I Got Into This Mess (Part 2)
I Was A Stagehand For A Darkweb Gameshow - How I Got Into This Mess (2/7)
The time I had to disappear because of the deep web [part 2]
The time I had to disappear because of the deep web [par 2]
The Itch Fish
At The Mercy Of The Ocean
BLYTHEGARDEN LOG 192: I, The Endless Automaton
I'm Fixing Up My Parent's Old House. Some Memories Are Best Left Forgotten.
The Pizza Place
A new Instagram influencer is obsessed with me - Part II of II
So I found this article in my local newspaper [PART 2]
They Call me Omega (Part 1)
The Dystopia
There’s Something in Pine Cove
Mountain Lion
The Sunken Secrets of my Great Grandfather's Journal - Part 3
The Dystopia
The man who was The Sun.
Radio
Garden Creeping in Ashton
Profile
The Old Barn and The Wolf
If you hear voices while you're home alone... Run
The Dystopia
I really wish this wasn’t a true story
12 hours
12 Hours (A Stragview Story)
The Woodmen Part-2
My Neighbor's Weird Habits
I got invited to a sleep-over. I shouldn't have accepted the offer. [ Part 1 ]
Woman in Yellow Rags
So, I found this article in my local newspaper [PART 2]
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The Corpus Arcade- Test Your Might
The Landlord
They told me I was crazy, but I am special instead?
My dads journals
Midtown Theater: Redux - 1: Interview with a Vampire
Nadia in the porcelain hall
Freedom. Fact, or Fiction?
Confessions from a Transhumanist
Not Liam
The Witch's Ring (pt 1)
Scary story.
I'm BURIED AT SEA and have to warn you before I run out of air (part 3)
The Witch's Ring
Scary story.
last night where I loved her
I read my dead mother's diary. I don't know if I can ever forgive myself. (Part 6)
There's a voice in my head, and I don't think this is going to go well...
Taxidermists Always Get a Bad Rep
Something happened back in March and now I am afraid to go back home.
I Started Playing a Game that Takes Me to Another Dimension. The Only Way Out is by Killing Myself - Part One
Not Liam
baby monitor for babysitter
The Man Follows
The public library has an unused third floor Part Two: Loosen a Fox’s Tongue
baby monitor for babysitter
Why I Quit Delivering Food
baby monitor for babysitter
Why I Quit Working As Food Delivery Driver
The Halloween disappearance and the old house next door
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I found a Twitter profile form the ghost of a MINION
I was just going to the toilet
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The Lightkeeper
Ouija players, what happened during or after playing it?
Ouija players, what happened during or after playing it??I'm not crazy, right? 1/?
The Backrooms
I saw some strange shit while watching Reddit’s Public Access Network
Chernobyl wasn't an accident
We found an old barn and something terrible followed us inside.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Youtube channel????
Warning: Please Do Not Play Phasmophobia
I purchased a new house and there are some rules I need to follow.
I Did A Ritual On Halloween Night
The amusment park i work at has some weird rules
Warning: Please Don't Play Phasmophobia
The Crawling Room
I was forced into a Lovecraftian ritual... I'm not just another human now...
The Amusement Park I Work At Has Some Weird Rules.
The Jealous Type
The time I had to disappear because Of the deep web [PART 2]
The time I had to disappear because of the deep web [PART 2]
The Shape
I have been locked in my closet for like a week and living off of cheettos...
Strange encounter in central park
Vinia’s Lair
Strange encounter in central park
Silent Hell
The Massacre at Crybaby Bridge: An Oral History - Part 5 - The Body Count Rises
They Didn't Need an Exorcist
A scratch
There's A Gathering Outside
Time to Feast
Eisen Wolfen Tunnel
I Can Still Feel His Gaze Peering From Under The Cursed Bridge…
I recently got new glasses and I’ve been seeing weird things ever since
Her piercing black eyes
I bought a new TV. There are some rules I need to follow
The Chronicles of the Graveyard Management Team - I just got out of jail
The Demon
The birds weren't singing.
There’s something wrong with site Zulu. (Update 2)
There’s something wrong with site Zulu. (Update 3)
A Nightmare I Remember From Childhood
The Trailer Trash Gang Find A Clearing in the Woods... (Part 2)
Screams In The Night
They're Alive!
The birds weren't singing.
I just wanted some grapes.
My love, why am I feeling sad?
THERE’S NOTHING TO SEE HERE!
The Girl On The Road
Steven kings new book release
Beware the Bodags
An SMG4 episode not well known by the fandom
Incident Report: Room 4086. March 4th 1989.
That time I fell in love with an alien.
la siguanaba; la mujer cara de caballo casi se lleva a mi abuelo
Hello, it’s me again. (Part 2)
That Thing *tw:kinda unsettling*
The time I had to disappear because of the deep web [PART 1]
Hello, it’s me again. (Part 2)
I live in an old Asylum and I don't think I am alone.
Hello, it’s me again. (Entry #2)
I've Finally Found Where I Belong
At The Bottom Of Lake Lura There Is A Feast
The time I had to disappear because of the deep web [part 1]
THE ELDRITCH WOMEN
2020 Challenge
THE ELDRITCH WOMEN
I kept hearing something choking at the end of my street.
My Mom’s Interaction With A Serial Killer
It'll show me its if I show it mine. (Part 2)
The man in my basement takes one step closer every week. [Part 5]
Biter
Jacob
The isolation
Music Box
A new Instagram influencer is obsessed with me - Part I of II
Hide from the children.
A new Instagram influencer is obsessed with me (Part I of II)
The Spinner
The tree in the cemetery
Music box
My father built robots in the 80s
Incident Report: Mannequin. April 3rd, 1953 – Feb 3rd, 2003
There’s something wrong with site Zulu.
I booked a cabin in the mountains. The previous guests left a strange entry in the guestbook
This is why I never visited my ancestral village again...
100% Safe and Permanent Yelp Elite Reviews
The Woodmen Part-1
Please. DO NOT USE RANDONAUTICA.
I Made A Deal With An Old Man In A Food Court Bathroom (Pt. 11)
Is this where all of the creepy pasta readers get their stories?
Dollmaker
They come when I'm trying to sleep
Strange experience in central park
Hallowe’en is an excuse for a violent death.
The Conspiracy
My Father can take away my life at any moment
Pretty sure I'm not crazy, but now I'm seeing things
Don’t fuck with the dark web
The Sunken Secrets of my Great Grandfather's Journal - Part 2
I found an alternate universe, and experimented.I finally understood what the voice in my head wanted. It wasn't pretty.....
I went out late and something followed me back home.
I recently got new glasses and I've been seeing weird things ever since
The Sous Chef
There’s something wrong with site Zulu. (Update 2)
My friend saw a wendigo, and they don’t know what to do.
The Dream Shop
There is something in the basement of the museum. Something with abnormally long fingers.
Realm Warrior: Scribblings of a MadMan, Parts1-4
My real encounter with a Demonic Wolf in the middle of the city.
I know this isn't our daughter, but I won't let my wife kill her
I went out to buy groceries and something followed me home.
Realm Warrior: Scribblings of a MadMan[PART1-4]
Do not go hiking alone. Trust me.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The Dream Shop
When I was 15, I met the dragon that rolls the dice
Tickle Tom’s Toyland
There’s something wrong with site Zulu (update 2)
The Corpus Arcade- Dance Dance Die
I'm BURIED AT SEA and have to warn you before I run out of air (part 2)
The sun has yet to rise, and the cats will not stop screaming (part 1)
The Lady In The Purple Dress
Spooky
I went outside for groceries one night but something followed me home.
I purchased a new house and there are some rules which I have to follow.
There’s something wrong with site Zulu. (Update 2)
There’s something wrong with site Zulu (Update 2)
Ouija board hidden inside a wall
Three nights ago, I was surprised by an unusual visitor. Last night, it returned.
The intruder
Ouija board inside a house wall.
The Annabelle doll in my closet
The tree in the cemetery
Last Halloween I played The World's Deadliest Movie Trivia Game.
My family is Cursed, I'm going to break the cycle.
Haunted
I smoke meth. I rail chicks. I drink blood.
I Was A Stagehand For A Darkweb Gameshow - My First Shift In The Maze
Vigilante or hero?
Do Not Order The Black Box Subscription Service - Part 1
Pojo (Part 3)
ghost encounters i had recently
Need scary stories for my yt channel
I am a Banker for the Afterlife. One of My Assistants is Dead, and it's My Fault.
When little Sally falls asleep, we pray that no one dies.
The flash of terror
An Encounter With Jin in Indonesia
The Diamond Prospectors Part 6
The tree in the cemetery
This entire story was made by AI, so it might not make 100% sense
Smile
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Animatronics were never supposed to Entertain
I patrol the Australian Outback as a country soldier. I have just met my final match. [Part 2]
I could never be forgiven for what I'd done, but I found a way to pay penance: the abandoned church
Animatronics weren't Originally made for Entertainment (Slight Gore Warning)
My ex fiancé went missing on the 8th of September. His phone was dead since, until i called Friday and it rang before being switched back off. I called probably once a day on average since his disappearance. called again today, and a strange man and woman answers.
I never really payed much attention to the woods that stretched behind my house...
Shoo Fly, Don't Hunt Me
My ex disappeared after Labor Day, and as far as I’m being told, he was last seen the last time I spoke to him on the phone. His phone has been dead since Sept. 8th at around 8pm. Before it died, it just felt like this dry texter WASN’T him. Someone answered yesterday, and it wasn’t.
My ex fiancé has been missing since Sept 8. His phone was switched off, but last Friday—it rang. So I called last night, and someone picked up. A man who sounded like he was on crack. Either he’s done something to my ex, or I was cheated on—I feel strongly.
Something seems off about my neighbors.
My ex/fiancé has been missing since September 8. His phone service was never disrupted, and his phone wouldn’t ring again until around Friday last week, then his phone was shut off again. Then a completely different person picked up yesterday.
Guardian of the Woods
Thoughts of girlfriend after 9 months, straight out of my sleep
The Pest
Vampire?
Smoke inhalation
This is the scaryest nightmare I have ever had.
They come when I'm trying to sleep
Stay quiet, I said
NBA 2K21 Next-Gen Gameplay Reveal
Da dog boss PT 2 Chapter 2
The Massacre at Crybaby Bridge: An Oral History - Part 4 -
My brother saved my life, and now I must protect him. (Part 1)
I take care of myself...
Da dog boss pt 2
Don't Stare Out The Window
The Couple Who Won’t Leave My House
The Mysterious Disappearance of Natalia Duevaux
I work for The Corporation. The progress we've made. (Part 6)
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Da Dog boss parts one
I bought a living cube, and now I wish I hadn’t:
The Funny Thing About Being In Jail
The sounding of the seven trumpets: The first call
I found a mask made of flesh in my grandpa's attic. Now the devil and I are waging war on a pantheon of eldritch gods.
I’m a cast member in your favourite TV show, I’m running out of time.
The Demon.
I think an island I visited on Animal Crossing is actually cursed.
Trying to Get Rich Quick Might’ve Been the Worst Choice of My Life
Has anyone else heard of the Docks to Nowhere? This 16th Century journal keeps getting weirder
The Covito - Horror
There's a mysterious woman in every mirror I see...
My house is haunted
I don’t know the meaning of it.
I think an island I visited on Animal Crossing is actually cursed.
Everything is different now.
I think an island I visited on Animal Crossing is actually cursed.A Midnight Visit
A Midnight Visit (A True Story)
When the Trailer Trash Gang found a tent in the woods...
One Dead Pixel
Flames at the End of the Street
Confession Tape
Is it possible for there to be an underground tunnel built to my basement
The beast
Is it possible for a neighbour to have dug an underground tunnel to my basement?
My friends performed a taboo ritual to get rich, but something hellish came with it
Is it possible to have an underground tunnel built to my basement from a neighbour’s basement?
Confession Tape
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The beast came from the sky
NOTHING LIVED UNDER MY BED
The Covito - A True Horror
I Bring My Daughter To The Graveyard
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I keep pranking myself while drunk...
Confession Tape
I had a dream 7 days ago
Scary past
Scary past
Teen challenge...
For many centuries my family has fought against The Squatch. Now its my turn.
Summer's Almost Over
A brief letter
Horror films do be making me suspicious of mirrors tho. 😳 why is it so much scarier in a movie where you can see the killer creeping up on the victim but the victim is unaware.... ahhhh that trope gets me.
Overnight
Writing of a Mad Man[PART1]
The Collector
Fear
The Little People Live Underground
The Fireworks and dog
Holy shit I fuckng hate him
Am 24. Mai 1970 begann die Sowjetunion mit einem Projekt, das unter dem Namen Kola-Supertiefbohrung bekannt werden sollte (Кольская сверхглубокая скважина). Obwohl es seit langem aufgegeben wurde, existiert das Bohrloch noch heute und misst etwa 40.000 Fuß in der Tiefe.
I found something in an abandoned office building and now they're after me. Part 2.
Fear
I found something in an abandoned office building and now they're after me [Update]
My Camping journal
Could my neighbour have dug an underground tunnel to my basement? I don’t see any tunnel openings
The Betrayal
It lives in the woods
We were given an unforgettable housewarming gift.
It's watching me.
Never Sweep at night (story)
The Bodies Buried Under the Lake, of which Breonna Taylor is Included
Electric Impulses and Contagious Thoughts
The thunder saved me
At Night, Our Minds Come For Us
The Sunken Secrets of my Great Grandfather's Journal - Part 1
I'm BURIED AT SEA and need to warn you before I run out of air (part 3 final chapter)
The world has one day where everyone checks their doorstep
I'm BURIED AT SEA and need to warn you before I run out of air (part 2)
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
In 5th grade, a demon tried to shoot up my school
I can't stop screaming.
I Can't Play Video Games Anymore
They almost found me... [Part 1 of 3]
I learned what happens after we die and it's not what you would expect
I can't stop screaming.
They found me... [Part 1 of 3]
There is something wrong with site Zulu (part 2)
I bought a VHS Tape
Don't stop scrubbing.
We are color-coded at birth
I solved it.
Don’t stop scrubbing.
Binge Watch
Finally Home
The Last Shower on the Left
Unexpected guest
What if Adam and Eve never left the Garden?
There's a strange newspaper that's only delivered at midnight...(Part 9)
Cổng xếp nhôm hợp kim
After a mysterious guest visited me, I had to go see an old acquaintance
My dog is a man-eater
There’s something wrong with my photographs
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The cure for anxiety – first of all follow God, then your problems will be solved:
I know what’s wrong with my body for six out of seven days of the week. Mondays are always a brutal start to the weekly cycle.
30 second read
For Billy
Can an Electric Surge Cause All Electronics buzz?
unexpected guest
Baby Ghost?
I can’t sleep :(
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I'm BURIED AT SEA and have to warn you before I run out of air (part 1)
I'm BURIED AT SEA and need warn you before I run out of air (day one of three)
LILITH
Helen
Horror for scaredy cats??
The reason why I hated camping
PERDIDO: Part 1
SET APART
I Bought a VHS Tape
Mr. Meeseeks a Metaphor for High Functioning Depression Suffers
Where I am?
I HEARD The BIRDS yesterdayA Terrible Night on Lake Michigan
Why my school was torturing children
The Kid Nextdoor
Why my school was torturing children
I HEARD the BIRDS yesterday
Story no.1
There’s something wrong with site Zulu.
There's something wrong with site Zulu.
Smile
The Corpus Arcade - Manifest
I get paid to watch paintings at night and someone visited me
Zombie
Alone and Hunted
The Embedded Thing
The Massacre at Crybaby Bridge: An Oral History - Part 3 - The Bridge
Don't say the skintakers' name
Doctor Ingbalm
The public library has an unused third floor
Buniko Mountain [Part One]
The lyke-wake
I stumbled upon a theater in the woods, and saw staged a strange play
Cursed Meme comes to life if not shared
Disney After Dark: We're hiring!
A YouTube Channel Run by a Puppet
I'm a cast member in your favourite TV show, and I'm running out of time.
A YouTube Channel Run by a Puppet
misstez
I bought a VR headset from an urban legend. I really wish I hadn't put it on.
I have been warned of the presence my entire life. Now that I know why, I wish I didn’t. (Part 1)
Liquid addiction
She works for The Corporation, but now it's my turn to tell you something.
She works for The Corporation, but now it's my turn to tell you something. (Interlude)
Wisconsin Northwoods- Never Enter if Not Invited
There’s something behind the door in my bedroom (Part 1)
Creepy Crawler
I Split Myself in Two
I was terrified of my closet as a child...
Chirality
I'm terrified of my closet
Join the phenomenological rebellion!
The one time I was almost molested by an older man at a library
I found something in an abandoned office building and now they're after me.
Sometimes dreams find ways to come true
Shady Creek Retirement Home
I needed to get this off my chest
The OtherPlace
Everything is different.
Serious help, please.
Not a story- Help appreciated
In 5th grade, a demon tried to shoot up my school and take me away
The Kid who knew too much
Please come find me.
I used to work as a security guard, what I saw will haunt me forever.
No One Wanta to Marry/Date me.
My gruesome recovery at the Shamayim project
I have been warned of the presence my entire life. Now that I finally know why, I wish I didn't. (Part 1)
Thornfield Hall
DxYxOxGx
It started with a weird phone call...
I read my dead mother's diary. I don't know if I can ever forgive myself. (Part 5)
Open Studio
The 1:05 Service To Nowhere
Help! I need to know what’s going on.
I Feel Other People's Experiences
When one door closes, another door opens…
The crawl space in my house is infinate.
I’m a Retired Priest. Recently I’ve taken steps to become ordained again. Now I hunt demons.
66 Kiri Drive
You Ever Hear of Dread Falls?
The void.
Flat Cats and Groggy Doggies
Shadows
Story with twist at the end
Story with funny twist at the end
I am used to late night visitors, but my latest client gave me chills.
Secret Passage
I get the same nightmare once in a while, it happened today again
Doctor Ingbalm
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Iron Man
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I tried for third base and found a severed hand instead.
I live in the strangest little town you’ve never heard of, and we’ve got a few bad apples.
What the fuck happened to r/nosleep?
My Confession
Bagel for a Nightmare
Whoops
AITA for stabbing my BIL?
A couple hired me to baby sit their dead baby girl
Why dad?
You knew you shouldn't have gone that deep into the dark web.
It Whispers Evil Things
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Hanging Out
Sam the imaginary friend
The Diary
I signed up for a gig to scatter ashes. I should have turned it down.
It Whispers Evil Things
Once you hear it... It sees you. Part one
Looking for a specific creepy subredditEverywhere I go, there’s fire
Camping, with a sinister twist.
Trilobite
The Thing Under the Bus
A place you might find yourself.
Weekend hike
Opal Hill- Part 1
When I entered Manor house Prison, I expected monstrous minds, but not this.
A place you might find yourself.
Thanksgiving with my in laws
Thanksgiving with my in laws
Never stay up past 12:00 watching this.
My sister won't stay put
The Unnamed Rest Stop
There's a strange man in the park and I'm not sure what he wants.
Don't post your pets' personal information.
A Killer Among the Spaceship Game Show
Gnome Song
Gnome Song
So, she’s a soul-stealing, multi-dimensional Vampire Queen. Cool, cool, cool.
Seems weird
How Do You Mourn Someone That Never Even Existed?
I met a girl in a videogame lobby a few days ago. I am not sure she is who she claims to be. (Part 2)
The Pumpkin Cafe on Third Street
There's something wrong with my neighbor's Halloween decorations
I used to work Security for one of the biggest psych wards in my state. It also happened to be a den for those tormented by the paranormal.
I used to work Security for one of the biggest psych wards in my state. It also happened to be a den for those tormented by the paranormal.
The Interview
Flames at the End of the Street
Memoirs of a DeadMan
My girlfriend and I moved into a new apartment and now all my socks are going missing
We have broken into an Egyptian tomb, on the hunt for our missing friend. Ancient secrets lie below, and each level hints at new horrors... ...The End. [FINAL]
A Question on Allowed Content: Sci-Fi Stories
The light comes when I’m trying to sleep
I met a girl in a videogame lobby a few days ago. I am not sure she is who she claims to be. (Part 2)
The Crossroads
The Homeowners Association
I'm at the end of my time, but I have one last message for my family, and maybe for you also.
If it notices you, don't worry
If it notices you, don't worry
Black Widow of Hazel Green
If you watch this broadcast past 12:00 you will regret it.
If you see a shadow figure, don't trust it. Your life may depend on it.
If you watch this broadcast past 12:00 you will regret it. [PART I]
This is a true story, and is part 1 of 2. I am 18, and I have severe Asperger's, and I am likely a visionary. Here is part 1 of my story, of the shadow lady.
The Massacre at Crybaby Bridge: An Oral History - Part 2 -
The thing in the moonlight
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I used to like the tube.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I woke up to a gruesome murder.
My best friend disappeared a week before Halloween.
If you see a man with a red notepad, you need to read this as a matter of life and death.
The Hideaway Place: Part II
The S.S.C.U. (#1)
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I’m remembering things differently than a few days ago (part 3)
Does anyone else remember the Saturday Morning Cartoon ‘HalloweenTime’?- Episode 2
Bloody Mary Blinded Me
I know why so many people kill themselves at my college
A Night Full Of Visits
I get paid to watch paintings at night and sometimes they watch me back.
The Perfect Woman
Memoirs of A Dead Man
I murdered someone in my school and now I can’t escape it
I came home to see a note with instructions on my front door
Some of Them Don't Like The Dark
Some of Them Don't Like The Dark
Please help me something is after me and I'm not sure I can avoid it for much longer.
Don’t ignore the Trick or Treaters when they come knocking! Respect Tradition!
I was a phony paranormal investigator, but I might still be in over my head.
Penance (part 3)
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Penance (final part)
I'm an elevator repairman. Rule #6 is simple - Don't lie about your weight if you want to live.
No one remembers Molly.
The Breakfast Plate
The Hospital Documents
The Baby
The time machine
My Ex-girlfriend’s Ghost
U.M.C - Unidentified Malicious Creatures
Don't Turn off the Lights
I am a truck driver. There are some rules I need to follow
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I hear disturbing sounds sometimes- Part 1
I read my dead mother's diary. I don't know if I can ever forgive myself. (Part 4)
The thing in the moonlight
Whatever I opened on my email made me a monster.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Here's part 1, or the short story of a future book
I am translating the lost logs and letters of a 16th century explorer. They may be beginning to mess with me
How to Survive Camping: Rule #7 - the things that were born here
Wisconsin Northwoods - The Bog Lake
We Shouldn't Have Stopped
I have one last chance to tell my family I love them, please help.
I Just Woke Up And I Don't Remember Who I Am [Part 3]
I followed some mushrooms while hiking, now I'm going to die.
I fell unconscious after colliding into a pileup - I woke up to hear an emergency broadcast on the radio.
Fungorum AgrisAIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I am the greatest closer this city has ever seen
THE THINGS IN THE WOODS
The Phantom Bridge Reports
A Thing Of Beauty Is A Joy Forever
Memories.
My mother told me of the Elder Things
We Shouldn't Have Stopped
The monster
Time
I think there’s someone in my house
Time
Theres a random guy who keeps following me, yet no one else can see him.
You Think YOUR Boss is a Nightmare? [Part One]
Time
Time
Time
Time
Salon Rules
You ever heard of Setealem?
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Reboot Life.exe
[HR] "Secret Passage"
I Work for the United States Census Bureau; Someone Ran Their Mouth
Flashlight man.
srry for not being more active on here ✌️
Eye-Man
Aliens don't fly spaceships, they drive semi-trucks.
I'm a trucker and encountered something terrifying on the road
Down
I'm a truck driver who encountered something mortifying on the road
Dance with Mr. Ears is much more than a simple kids show. (PART1)
In the hospital after a terrifying encounter on the road
Rules for the Salon
He Made Me Pick Who Dies
THE MINES--LANDING 2
Primal Running
I met a girl in a videogame lobby a few days ago. I am not sure she is who she claims to be.
A Deep Dark Birthday
A Strange Desert Where The Sandstorms Are Acidic
Memoirs of a Dead Man
THE MAN IN THE COW MASK
I am the greatest closer this city has ever seen
THE MAN IN THE COW MASK
The will
Japanese forests have a music like no other
The hooded boy
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
When I was a child I kept seeing dead people and now all I can do is hear them.
Are the missing people in National Parks really missing?
I brought my girlfriend to the town of Wicce
I Was Sent an Ad on My College Email. Now I don't Know What to do
The Stump In The Woods
My real life horror story
Something keeps setting off my neighbor’s motion sensor light at 3 AM.
SOMEONE IS KILLING CLOWNS
When I was a small boy in middle school I was lining up in the field after lunch
The Massacre at Crybaby Bridge: An Oral History, Part 1
The thing in the woods (actual experience)
My sister and I are staying at my uncle's lake house. She found a treasure map that's leading us to something sickening - Part 10
(Based on a true story) When I was a small boy in middle school I was lining up in the field after lunch
A Warning
October 10th, 2020
I live in a town of satanists... I've just found out why they worship me...
The Alarms
There's a strange newspaper that's only delivered at midnight (Part 8)
Hello, I am Noelle.
The game
The Void of Nothingness
Don't Speak To Him
My New Hallucination is Hurting Us
I'm Pretty Sure I Fucked A Mermaid
My friends and I have been spending time during the pandemic lockdown solving local mysteries. We recently stumbled across a conspiracy that goes back 15 years.
Ducks went missing
We played the forbidden board game and now I'm pregnant
Knock. Knock. Knock.
Break-Up
It's been 3 months for me.
The Shack
I received voicemails from a woman asking for help. My phone has it timestamped in the future.
A world parrallel to ours part 1
Incident Report: 1931, Ongoing – The Chimneys
A different place in the world part 2
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The Tattoo
Of My Eyes (Part 1)
I Picked Up a Hitchhiker Tonight, and I Want To Hurt Him
A different place in the world
Why I Stopped Using Dating Apps
I'm an elevator repairman. Rule #5 - Don't Ride with The Devil
My New Organs Might Be Unknown Origins part two
Beware The Kids Who Stare At The Sun.
I was told to come here.
A Tormenting Spirit
The Boy
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Pumpkin spice
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I know I shouldn’t play with a ouija board; but I’m INFATUATED
Purple Fog (my first attempt at creepypasta)Talk?
Grandma's TV (Part 1)
HELP
Never Get Between a Man and His Dog
I wish I just got writers block like a normal person
"No matter what, be home by sundown part 1"
Branches
I had a strange encounter with a creepy old guy in the elevator of our apartment complex.
Peregrinacion a talpa/ pilegrimage to talpa
1956
😴 24/7 Rain sounds for sleeping, Meditation ,Sleep Music,Thunderstorms, Meditation Music
😴 24/7 Rain sounds for sleeping, Meditation,Sleep Music,Thunderstorms, M...
😴 24/7 Rain sounds for sleeping, Meditation,Sleep Music,Thunderstorms, M...
😴 24/7 Rain sounds for sleeping, Meditation,Sleep Music,Thunderstorms, M...
That Call
Writing a horror story in a cabin, and....
Permission to narrate your stories
Just George... True Story
NSFW blog lukehavergal.wordpress.com
I read my dead mother's diary. I don't know if I can ever forgive myself. (Part 3)
Movie
Eyes that follow
Eyes that follow
Death is Funny
Eyes that follow
My Microwave Did Something Bad
Wait Until After Halloween.
CIA reject looking4 friends
Saylors tapes (part one)
Wii, What?
My Last Post
My friend won't stop singing demonic Christmas music
Why I hate Sonic The Hedgehog (PART 1)
My friend won't stop singing demonic Christmas music
The Deterioration of Naomi Kim
The Deterioration of Naomi Kim
(SUBREDDIT QUESTION) Am I allowed to post a story that features references to a video game?
Someone is sitting on the edge of my bed
Branches
Someone is sitting on the edge of my bed
Deja Vu
The Blinking Man
The Nuns of Chadwick Hall
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
What do i do.. what do i do.. come on... relax... breathe...
[HR] "Secret Passage"
Memo:of
Why I stopped Playing AMONG US
Someone is trying to steal my body
Light From Below
We should never have opened the Gate
Light From Below
My brother died in a police shooting and I heard his voice at the funeral Part 3
You guys!! Dr Margin has a new podcast! Idk if you remember his posts or his book but I'm so glad he's back!!
We have broken into an Egyptian tomb, on the hunt for our missing friend. Ancient secrets lie below, and each level hints at new horrors... ...The Sixth Level
Stay away from the suburbs in Michigan (Part 7)
THE HUNTED
'Secret Passage"
I moved in with my boyfriend and I don't think his poltergeist is happy about it
Never wake up if your alarm is too early
Always say yes
Never Wake Up If Your Alarm Is To Early
Never say never.
I went diving with my nephew and found his grave at the bottom of a lake
Wasilda Jones Lived in a House by the Sea
We found a facility hidden in the mountains and I might be the only one left
Don't Let Them Know You're Hungry
The Flesh of Last Women
We’re selling our haunted house (part 2)
The Elevator and its spare ghost (pt 2 of we’re selling our haunted house)
Don't Ever Believe Yourself
You, uh, ever heard of this game called Maxwell’s Demon Door? Part II
Pojo (Part 2)
The Creature in the Forest
Snow Angels Destroyed My Town.
Does anyone have any terrifying experience or know a story I can make a video about?
My life as a human test subject
THE MINES-- LANDING 3
My Brother?
All is true
Krampus Der Nachtkopf
The Candlelight Express
Don't be too loud.
Masters Of The Eternal Lodge Part One
Pojo (Part 2)
Only Monsters Hunt at Night
I HAVE A REAR GENETIC DISODER CALLED ALPHA-1
Processing the Mind
Not Alone
The Gas Station Horror
Pojo (Part 3)
Friend outside the window.
Pojo (Part 2)
Area 51 Is Not What You Think It Is. Its a Distraction From Something MUCH Worse...
I’m a new witch and I think I made a massive mistake
Don’t listen to the audience. They are all dead.
Anomaly 1275- One Horned Girl
Make Me Meat
My parents live in a town called Wicce
We go over the entire timeline of Andrei Chikatilo. From his birth in 1930s Ukraine to his eventual execution in Russia. He killed and dismembered his way through 50+ victims. I had never heard of him and as you can see... I was shocked at his story!!We Unearthed an Ancient Evil frozen in the Andes- Final
Don't enter the haunted house at Kausterman's Farm (Part 6)
My "friends" and I played a forbidden board game. Really, we should have just played scrabble instead.
So, I found this article in my local newspaper. Does anyone know anything about this?
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Not Saf Fur Werk
What does your baby taste like?
The Tortured Crystal
Rain
She Waits Upon The Coastal Road
Anyone have any scary experiences that I could make a video about?
If You Hear The Ringing, Then It’s Already Too Late.
There Is Nothing In The Walls
A Room To Sleep In
The things I don't remember.
Story of the slender man!
I reported a missing case!
I patrol the Australian Outback as a country soldier. I have just met my final match.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Silence Near the Water
Lost in the Catacombs
The Blue Cup
My house has a monster
The more you research, the better it gets
Lost in the Catacombs
Just another night in the specimen lab...
An interesting title.
I read my dead mother's diary. I don't know if I can ever forgive myself. (Part 2)
Farmer Ben Wasnt As Nice As We All Thought.
Here is a scary story that make you crazy!
Rain
The Art of The Wendigo
Bloodbather
My parents live in a town called Wicce, and they're pretty strange
story: The time I was on the school bus and the bus driver killed another teacher. (ON HIS FIRST DAY). *Was also his last day*
Mrs. Johnson Was a Regular Middle School Teacher.
story: The time I was on the school bus and the bus driver killed another teacher. (ON HIS FIRST DAY). *Was also his last day*
Dad of the Year
I spent a day in hell
I spent a day in hell
I met the monster in the woods, and there are things out here worse than him (part 4) end
I spent a day in hell I became traumatized since then.
The Beast of Cairn Gorm by Mick Dark
The Beast of Cairn Gorm by Michael MacLennan (A Highlands Monster Tale)
I’m a good mom
Latest Mick Dark Series Episode for Chilling Tales For Dark Nights "Bad Trip" by David Feuling #ctfdn #mickdark #creepypasta #creepypastas #horror #scarystories
The Flesh on his face is gone
This is the story of how my life changed forever.
How I survived a house invasion
I'm a cast member in your favourite TV show, and there's something wrong with my castmates.
My House is Strange: The Garden
The Elevator always creeped me out, now I remember why (pt 2)
I work for a company that deals with the paranormal. I've been authorized to share with you about some of the things we do.
I HEARD the BIRDS Today
The doctor cannot operate
He'd make sure to stuff my brain with horrible ghost stories. But perhaps if he hadn't done so, I wouldn't be alive today.
This Happens Every Night
I was terrorized by an undead chicken sandwich.
Possible YouTube Channel
TRY IT. STAY IF YOU LIKE.
Possible YouTube Scary Stories
Always Wear Protection
Dark, Empty, And Dim With Sadness
I just found out what a "kelpie" is and I'm terrified
We have broken into an Egyptian tomb, on the hunt for our missing friend. Ancient secrets lie below, and each level hints at new horrors... ...The Fifth Level
We’re selling our haunted house (part 1)
Incident Report: 04-12-2010 – The Fence.
My camping encounter with what I'm still not sure of what it was
I think I'm being cornered
I found this note on a table in the apartment I just moved in, I'm scared.
Welcome to The Hospital of Horror - Disclaimer
House in the hills
The Door
Kookie Kyler (warning very scary)
I know why Schnoz couldn't play a bigger role in berserk
It’s been seventeen days
Pojo
Mr. Whitemouth
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
In 12 hours I’m going to make one phone call that could kill me
I see human shadows on the wall, but when I turned around there is nothing
Fortunate
I see human shadows on the wall, but when I turn around there is nothing.
I see Human Shadows on the wall, They're not mine.
Seedhead
The Horror House
The Messiah and Antichrist Walk into a Bar...
I Know Where Missing People Go...But I Don't Know What Takes Them.
Penance (part two)
Please read this...
Red
There's Something Wrong With the Deer in Northern Minnesota [Part 4]
"YOUR TURN"
Mrs. Johnson was a middle school teacher.
What I didnt see pt 2
I need new friends at my school. I think I found a way to get one!
We weren't allowed to talk to women.
The Child of Death &amp; Fallen Roses. -Age7
Why Is Everyone Ignoring Me?
I didn’t believe the local “forbidden game” urban legend, and now the police don’t believe my explanation about the body.Seed
We Unearthed an Ancient Evil frozen in the Andes
The killer at large is in no way human
The killer at large is in now way human
What I didnt see : The first experience
What I didn't see
True story
The House on the Hill
Red
The Pancake family PART TWO!
There's Something Wrong With the Deer in Northern Minnesota [End]
I’m a dentist for monsters. It’s time we talked about The Beast.
There's Something Wrong With the Deer in Northern Minnesota [End]
sfbbbere
Don't Forget to Plant the Roses
The Night Land
The boy in my closet.
The thing inside you
Can't sleep...
The thing inside you
The Horror at Seven Points
The Dead REALLY Do Not Like Being Disturbed.
My Skinwalker Story
Evidence: Exhibit A
My friend and I found a way into hell... NEVER TRY TO FIND IT
Polaroids
I’m a visiting nurse
I know where missing people go...but I don't know what takes them.
Red Gems
Don't look back
Pals Of Pain
My Grandfather Died Writing His Will
My body hurts and my neighbors won’t shut the fuck up
There Is A Desert Village On A Small Island You Should Never Visit. I Wish I Hadn't.
When i was 6 i used to sleep walk, but it was no ordinary one
I HEARD the birds Today
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I got caught smoking last night..
(My first one) Just seeing things...
I work for The Corporation. I wish I had never signed that contract. (Part 5)
It started as a camp prank. It ended as the single most horrifying night of my life.
A Most Extreme Haunted House
I wish you didn't come back
It started as a camp prank. It ended as the single most horrifying night of my life.
Our hometown is no longer safe from the threat coming this October (Part 2)
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The abandond car
Camping with my two young kids in a remote Utah Mountain range
I’ve seen things.
The Art Of The Wendigo Part 2
The Art Of The Wendigo Part 1
Laughs of the Dead
The Flipside
The Art Of The Wendigo part 2
The Art Of The Wendigo part 1
Last week, I took my 2 young kids for a quick relaxing night of camping into a remote Southern Utah mountain range only to be woken up in the middle of the night by two strange men outside our tent..
What was this noise?
My work experience
Haunted Tales from Woodgrove High
I'm Totally Fucked
My Pet Wendigo (Part One)
My dog saw it in the old house and it stayed with me.
The bobbing head of a black cat
Household rules (my first post on this subreddit and I'm not an author no, flair I dont care if this gets removed)
I died last night
Do You Mind Donating Your Skin To Me?
I joined a local chess club. I should have followed their ONE rule.
Neighbouring.
I Remember Now
the witch of the walls
the witch in the walls
If you dare
I wrote this awhile ago.
The silent voices that surround us all
There's an escape tunnel in our basement, and no one talks about it
I found this letter in an abandoned motel room next to human remains.
how do you like idea of being alone in a ghost town
I worked as a 911 dispatcher. After I received a call from a little girl called Samantha, I quit my job.
EvidenceOfTheMachine.wav (Finale)
creepy poem appeared in my dream journal
I was contracted to help conceal a UFO crash. (Part 5)
freaked me OUT
A Typical Trip to Burger King
creepy poem appeared in my dream journal
The shadow that follows me
The Quiet Roads.
The Suicide Of Kurt Cobain
I have not been sleeping for more than 3 hours a day
Three Flying Men
Red Gems
We have broken into an Egyptian tomb, on the hunt for our missing friend. Ancient secrets lie below, and each level hints at new horrors... ...The Fourth Level
Why My Student Always Checked the Locks
Why OP Always Double-Checked the Locks
Erased from existence
I read my dead mother's diary. I don't know if I can ever forgive myself.
I'm new to reddit please go easy on me!
Apotheosis of a disgruntled fast-food employee
Piggy
Former WW2 Hospital Haunting
It's back, after all this time, I just hope and prey that I live through this.I Want the Monster Under my Bed Back
I gave up everything in search of occult knowledge.
Two Days
spotlight
Trapped.
spotlight
Creepypasta Authors Stories
"I can't stop writing..."
Avoid watching Nate and Kate on WPKU channel 63
until
My Brother and I Went Hunting, Something Followed Us Back
Dr. Morrigan's Case Files: Carrie or Annette
I didn't believe the local legend around a forbidden board game, but then Danny gouged his own eyes out.
Part Two:Up in Flames
Dr. Harper Books
We Unearthed an Ancient Evil frozen in the Andes- Part II
I'm an elevator repairman. Rule #4 - Don't try to save yourself
The Rainforest in the South West Wilderness of Tasmania Will Sing To You. Don't Listen.
I spent the night in an orphanage owned by a cult, I’ve been on the run ever since.
OUR GHOST LIKES IT COLD
OUR GHOST LIKES IT COLD
The Content Creator
Stars
(Part 1) Why I'm Afraid of Going to a Girl's House.
The Dreams
The Cabin
The dreams. Trigger warning, NSFW.
I'am going sober
I'am going sober
Am I the AH for wanting the love of my life to have my child?
A cauldron full of retribution
Stars
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
He came out of the armoire unconscious and with a giant bite mark on his back!
Me and my friends summoned a monster that's supposed to eat you.
I Had a Very Strange Dream
I need to go back (Part 3)
I Had a Very Strange Dream
The stay...
The man from my nightmares just visited me
The Date (The Carnival Series Part 1)
New job at the daycare
A murder of crows bring me gifts
I found a mask made of flesh in my grandpa’s attic. I put it on, and now I’ve become the Fourth Horseman of the Apocalypse.
I'm A Security Guard At A Haunted House Part 7 FINALE
Rules for working at Standies Mannequin Warehouse
Rules for working at Standies Mannequin Warehouse (Part 1)
Rules for working at Standies Mannequin Warehouse. (Part 1)
My hometown doesn't exist.
How do we go about our days when this world seems so cruel?
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I got stuck in a storm, and someone created a new life for me. Part 2
Prophane
The Ice-Cream Man
The World is Moving
The Pumpkin Tax
Lake Parish
I saw a shadow walk into my parents room
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Wolves In The Woods
Lucy's Scarecrow
At first I thought my patient suffered from schizophrenia, now I wonder if he was telling the truth...
My Best Friend Had the Voice of an Angel
At first I thought my patient suffered from schizophrenia, now I wonder if what he said is true...
My Monster and Me part 2: Won't Back Down
The man in my nightmares
Lucy's Scarecrow
Never go hiking alone
I’ve always known my boyfriend is a little protective, but I think I found out why people I meet go missing. (Part 2)
I found something horrible in the woods next to my cabin
The whisper from the underground
I took a job in a strange town but after the merry-go-round appeared, I'm having second thoughts
My family owns a resort where the rich hunt people for sport. Everyone is on acid.
Don't enter the haunted house at Kausterman's Farm (Part 5)
My Girlfriend Never Takes Off Her Makeup But I Finally Caught Her And Now I'm Scared For My Life (Part 5)
There's someone in my house.
"I Remember Now" (Alien Abduction - Part 1)
Concerned about Change in Dog's Behavior
My Dad Didn't Want Me To Cut The Thick Patch Of Grass
My Girlfriend Never Takes Off Her Makeup But I Finally Caught Her And Now I'm Scared For My Life (Part 5)
Are we alive?
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
If you roll an eight on a six-faced dice, you must follow these rules, or you will die.
The 12 o clock bus
This is a true story that happened to me.
Spelunking in the Passage Cave System.
I had a Devil door in my room. I used to play in the room it opened to.
I Tried to Rob the Devil
Mortality 4 Mama
An Evil Spirit Ruined My Sisters Life, And Now It’s Coming After Me
Mortality 4 Mama (Fiction)
A Simple Warning
House of Ghosts
The man in my basement takes one step closer every week. [Part 4]
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I Tried to Rob the Devil
My dog went down a hole in my basement. Something else came out.
The worst story here
The Picture Frame
My new drug dealer doesn't take cashThe Man in the Mine
Hana is typing ...
Wind chimes (Original Creepypasta)
I ate the worlds hottest chilli. It. Won't. Stop. Burning.
I ate the worlds hottest chilli. It. Won't. Stop. Burning.
My Parents Sent Me To Christian Camp, They Want To Have Me "Baptized"
What They Are Doing At This Christian Camp Is Not Normal, And Sharing This Story Is Going To Get Me On There Watch List
A very unique morgue in Brazil.
What do recurring nightmares mean?
The Thing My Grandfather Left Behind
Every year a kid in our town goes missing. We just found out why.
The Massacre at Crybaby Bridge: An Oral History
There's something in my apartment that cleans my room when I'm not there.
About a year ago my wife and I visited this place called the "Magick Sanctuary". She insisted.
I’m Insane for one Week of Every Year
The Pond of Fire
Can i post a story that i didn't write if i credit the author?
Happy Halloween!
Bourbon Street
I Bought a Cheap Weight Bench from Craigslist
ZZ9PLZA_Subject 498-EE1_Field Notes
A reoccurring nightmare
The Indie game tied to human trafficking.
There's a strange newspaper that's only delivered at midnight...(Part 7)
The indie game that was tied to a human trafficking ring.
Mom could never find me a babysitter. Everyone knew what happened next door to us.
We Unearthed an Ancient Evil frozen in the Andes
I bought my dream car. I wish I didn't.
Hitchhiker's Haven
That does it. I'm never going camping again.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
County Line Road 8
She Rode In On a Pale Horse
I'm an elevator repairman. Here is Rule #3 - Never step inside without looking
Me and my friends summoned a monster that's supposed to eat you.
Camp Wanahee Finale (Part 10)
Try this video.
County Line Road 8
The Other Side
He counts
I called the in-dream hotline for escaping nightmares. My unborn son was the nightmare I had to escape.
I'm a commentator for a tournament of nightmares. Glory to the NFC.
I met a man with hands of stone.
My School's Boys' Locker Room had a Secret Window to the Girls' Side
Urban exploration (Part 1)
NoSleep Interview with NewToTownJam!
Have you ever played Duck, Duck Death?
Have you every played Duck, Duck, Death?
Between Midnight and the Witching Hour
Have you ever played Duck, Duck Death?
Fear
The Basement
I Wish We didn't Have to Bury Bodies in the Pumpkin Patch
TRICK OR TREAT, DON’T LOOK UNDER THE SHEET!
Fear
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
TRICK OR TREAT, DON’T LOOK UNDER THE SHEET!
TRICK OR TREAT, DON’T LOOK UNDER THE SHEET!
A box containing 18 diaries was delivered to my house pre-lockdown. I assumed it was a mistake and kept in in the garage, forgot all about it. Today I cleaned the garage, found the box and opened Diary One.
How do I make a door in minecraft again?
I hope this never happened to any one else.
How to regain trust after lying to a loved one
September 2020 contest nominations
My dead friend visits me in my dreams. He's here now, but I'm not asleep.
August 2020 Winners!
False Promises
The Couple Who Won’t Leave My House
Wish
10 Miles To Speak With The Dead
The floor tasted fantastic.
Stash House
Ever heard of philosophical zombies? Ever met one? How do you know? (Part 1)
I'm from Brazil and i'm trapped in a Morgue. I did not follow the rules and now the fat man is coming. Please send help.
This Warning is for me.
Apricot Park was closed for a reason, I found out the hard way.
My Home Town Is The Safest Place On Earth.
Still waking up
So this just happened...
the stalker
I'm still waking..
My Last Abry's Nightshift
I live in constant fear
I live in constant fear
I found a mask made of flesh in my grandpa's attic.
The Crone
Today, I saw my mom and dad kissing in the kitchen
I am a Warner and I can't escape it.
Never sleeping there again
Patience
Unsettling
The Simplicity of Small Village Life
Never sleeping there again
Pale Oaks
Please ship Next Day Air Early AM
The Sak-N-Go Chronicles [Part 1]
House Problems Keeping Me Awake-Any Advice?
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The Crone
I went to an isolated community and found out what God really looks likeNo One Told the Monsters Halloween Isn't Happening.
Don't enter the haunted house at Kausterman's Farm (Part 4)
I used to work in social media recruitment for a death cult. My old employers have found me.
I want to walk.
I wish I could walk.
Whatever You Do... Don't Read This Story.
My name is Olivia, please remember me after I die.
"Passion." [1/3]
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
My name is Olivia, please remember me after I die. Whatever you do, don't venture into Uncanny Valley.
Like an Empty Shell
Today, I caught my mom and dad kissing in the kitchen.
I love my Daddy's new dog.
"Passion." [Part 1/3]
Monster Hunter
I had a dream that makes me question reality
I released something that was trapped beneath a rock in rural Norway, and now I'm on the run
The Death of My First Dad
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The Musical Shower Game
The Corn Won't Let Me Out
doNt TeLl
When the lights on the street start to flicker at night, it’s a warning to stay inside
I'm back from the dead for a little while. Yes, literally.
The Other Side: Song of the Sea Final [Part 4]
Whispering Hills (final part
Lotus Blossom
Akros!
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The Hospital on the Hill
White Hair Scare
Every time my daughter puts on makeup her face changes.
Don’t get close to the tree
that one creepypasta
We have broken into an Egyptian tomb, on the hunt for our missing friend. Ancient secrets lie below, and each level hints at new horrors... ...The Third Level
LoveHatePainScars
The Collection
A parasite invaded the laboratory I work at
Webcam
True Horror stories
Nothing Is Fair
The Windows of Los Angeles
I walked up a staircase in the woods, Part 1
You fucking disgust me
I’m a Retired Priest. Recently I’ve taken steps to become ordained again. But first I must perform an exorcism.
The Hideaway Place: Part II (finale)
The Hideaway Place: Part I
I accidentally joined a cult’s group chat. I don’t know if I’ll make it out alive.
The Hideaway Place: Part I
I Played Dry Bones, It Is No Mere Game... (Part 1)
Back when we temporarily lost our black star.
Don't go to the arcade in Falls Church!
Abyssal Ink
LOOK
Cat
Wake up in the mornin'
The Vessel
The Hotel Part 1
Woke up in the morning.
The Hotel. 1
Last night in Mallorca
Pumpkin shoes
Laternia Magica
The Witches and Warlocks of River Leaf (Story 3)
THE IMITATION MAN
The inanimate objects in my home are assholes. But I should heed their warnings.
It Is Too Hot To Sleep At Night.
There Was Something Wicked About The Fog Of 87
The Poet
De Amantes y Venganzas
Children keep disappearing in Pirin National Park, and I found out why
Reverse Vampires 13: The Grey
i heard strange noises from my door...
Disturbing sound that came from my bedroom door...
Kangaroos Got Me Fired And Worse
The in-dream hotline for escaping nightmares is no escape at all
Running late for the exam, I checked the seating chart and thundered up the stairs, heading for the 5th floor.
Horrorscope
The suicide game/Creepypasta/Nosleep
The Suicide Game/Creepypasta/RichardSaxom
Phantasmagoria
Phantasmagoria
I Saw A Disturbing Ad On YouTube....Now Everyone I See Commits Suicide
COVID-19 RESEARCH SURVEY (U.S. 18+)
Rotten kids.
How to Survive Camping: my mother's memory
Something in the Mist
dOnt TeLl
I Have Travelled Through Time And Reached The End Of All Things
Creepy delivery guy
The Overseer Tales: The Eternal Reliquary
I ate the worlds hottest chilli. It. Won't. Stop. Burning.
There was a man in my closet
Last night at Mallorca
Sometimes Even Monsters Are Afraid Of What Goes Bump In The Night.
I Think Travis Scott Terrorizing Me
Digging Straight Down (Part 1)
There’s a man living in my basement
Odd Jobs: The Hollow Pattern
The Luck of the Seven (Part 1)The house with the long driveway
NBA 2K21 My Career EP 5 - College Girls
I wished for something and now I have trauma.
The Klein Murders, the Mr. Cheerful set (Part 1)
Disturbing sleep experience
My First Friend
The Devils 7 Christmas Presents - LUST
I Wish It Had Been Rats
1977: The 7th Sister of a 7th Sister raised a...
The Ghost of Ernest Biggs
The Beauty of Jazz
I Dream of the Great Journey.
I wished for an experience and got it
PLEASE do not use the new GPS app All Around You
Don't enter the haunted house at Kausterman's Farm (Part 3)
Miss Pumpkin
My friend send me an expensive espresso machine. I hope he kept the receipt…
The protector
Voices.
The Other Side: Song of the Sea Final [Part 4]
The Notebook
Never leave your friends in the tunnels.
A dear friend.
The Ocean is Far Deeper Than You Think: Song of the Sea [Part 3]
The administrator asked me to go to space. I should’ve said no.
Threshold
Something bad will happen this October (Part 1)
Anne you need to come back
I used to work in a call center and badgered people to sign up for things they didn’t need. I made a call the other day that I’ll never forget.
i need a pc and i cant sleep
Hunted - 1
I Work At the Brimstone Tavern, Never Mess Up a Drink Order
Don't let me forget!
Walk The Path as Twilight Falls
Selling Your Soul is Harder Than You Think
Orange Broche
I've been in the trucking business for over 20 years. After what I saw last night, I'm never taking the road again.
Hello my name is Theo i need help
???
Does anyone else remember the Saturday Morning Cartoon ‘HalloweenTime’?
The Mandela Effect (Part 2 – The Celebrity)
The Mandela Effect (Part 1 – The Government Agent)
The Mandela Effect (Part 0 – The Reporter)
Orange Broche
Friday, the 13th
Don't trust your hairdresser, she may just be a witch.
RIP Sweet Natalia Gwenyth Rindler
Rest In Peace Sweet Natalia Gwenyth Darmas
The Mansion of Secrets, I Should've Stayed at the Party
Test
They stole my eyes and ears. I can only scream until I die.
They Stole my Eyes and Ears. I can Only Scream Until I Die.
Bad experience in the Jenolan Caves
Abyssal Ink
A Stranger in the Rain
I've invented a machine that cures death, but the dimension I use to trade the dead for the living is starting to fight back...
Mirror: How I killed my reflection
Hall of Fortune
“Honey! Please let us in, they’re coming!,” my parents clawed at the door with peeled nails and button-seen eyes.
This World Has A Deep, Dark, Secret...
I think I have stories from nowhere - 1
UNDER THE WAVES
Something Wicked
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Work from home has been essential to my health in a lot of ways
Work from home has been essential to my health in a lot of ways
Express brains
My drone led me to a sleepless night
My childhood ghosts.
I'm scared, and I wish there was an answer
The girl I met on Tinder won't stop taking photos
The house on Dreary lane (part 2)
My school stopped torturing children
My school is torturing other children
Please, no more. This psychological stuff is killing me
Some of the scariest stories are the truest.
My Father worked for the Russian Government, Here’s what he left me [Pt.1]
My Father worked for the Russian Government, here’s what he left me [Pt.1]
Content in spanish?
My Father worked for the Russian Government, Here’s what he left me [Part 1/2]
Do you support content in spanish?
I met Derrick Todd Lee
Death Metal
NIGHTMARE_WOOD(2).txt
Don't post your pets' personal information.
It's Him Again.
The Devil Down Below
Monster and Me: The Abandoned Road
I revisited my childhood home and it's changed (part 1)
They thought they would cover me in piss and crap, well wait til' they see this crap...
A Tale of Two Sisters
dOn'T TeLl
The Other Side
Stitched
Coffee shop on 5th street
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Coffee shop on fifth street
Covid-19 driving me insane (Extremely bored!!!!!)
The administrator asked me to go to space. I should’ve said no.
The coffee shop on 5th streetI called the in-dream hotline for escaping nightmares. Now I just want to finally die.
We have broken into an Egyptian tomb, on the hunt for our missing friend. Ancient secrets lie below, and each level hints at new horrors... ...The Second Level
nightmare_wood(2).txt
As Is Dog Law
No Subject
(No Subject)
My town has a legend. He is very much real.
The Cracks
The Cracks
What the fuck just happened to me?
My family is selling our old haunted house
Kafkaesque
The administrator asked me to go to space. I should’ve said no.
MUTTER (Part 3)
MUTTER (Part 2)
The Lighthouse in Cornwall
MUTTER (Part 1)
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Don't Come to Coastal Virginia [Part 2]
I work at a hotel that broadcasts to a specific clientele and I can hear the voices clearly now.
The Witch of Himachal
Update- I went to talk to the guy who sold me the vase. I found him dead.
And they gave me up to all the wrongs of being one of those smiling children.
The Blood Bank was Hiring
I Heard it Call to Me
We Are Selling Our Haunted House (pt 1)
Death Metal
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I'm an elevator repairman. Here's rule #1 - Never ride the escalator
I Like Taking Long Walks Down My Neighborhood Street
There's a Dark Spirit in Our Home and it Claimed My Wife. I Don't Want to Become one of Them...
Let this be a testament to how fragile our civilization is, and how puny we are in the grand scheme of things.
I Like Taking Long Walks Down My Neighborhood Street
Why Won't The Crocodile Leave Me Alone
My neighborhood has turned into a pumpkin patch
My code name is Createda Guardian and I would like to help you guys with paranormal and or supernatural things like a detective.
Thumps on the Roof (Creepypasta)
Invader on the Property (Creepypasta)
I'm a blonde with one long red hair I can't pull out.
Whispering Hills (pt 5)
The Suburbs: No End (final)
There's a Dark Poltergeist in Our Home That has Taken Over my Wife and I think I'm Next...
Best Friends
There's a Dark Force at Our New Home that Has Taken Over my Wife and I think I'm Next
Money can free someone from Death Row
I Know I'll be Dead Soon
I'm a new witch and I think I made a massive mistake
I Know I'll be Just Like Her if She Kills Me
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The Corn Maze
I may have opened myself up to being vulnerable spiritually and things have been strange
I should've listen to mom more.
Late Night Walk
I used to work in social media recruitment for a death cult. I have posted my confession.
Don't Let Him Know
"If you look into the forest at night, it may look back you."
10 years ago on this day I performed the world's highest skydive. Something so unexplainable happened that I was forced to keep my mouth shut.
Don't post your pets' personal information. [Part 1]
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
My Iphone is doing things i never did, iam honestly scared
What if the greatest trick the devil ever pulled was convincing the world that the Bible was the word of god (part 2) The Son
Preforming an Exorcism on a Monday Morning
What if the greatest trick the devil ever pulled was convincing the world that the Bible was the word of god (Part 2 The Son)
Pink Himalayan salt face scrub benefits
You Should Never go Home Again
I just moved and so far I'm liking this place
Not sure if I see them or not
I visited my best friend for his wedding and forgot about the local mannerisms: knocking
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Goodbye Paradise
Trump has Covid-19, but why would he admit to it? I’m worried.
The funniest thing happened to my Pandaren character in World of Warcraft, and I can't stop laughing about it.
I'm Going to Be Just Like Her if I Don't Let Her Kill Me First
Kangaroos Got Me Fired And Worse
Apricot Park - Part 1: Friends of Tommy by Aleister Mycroft
I know I'll Be Dead Soon
Homeowner left me a set of rules and I broke one..
Homeowner left me a set of rules, I broke one.
I Think Somethings Wrong With My Brother...
I work in a pawn shop update- My roommate sent a photo of me outside her window. I'm at my bfs house.
Diary of a Killer
In Mr. Hoffsetters Carnival, you must folllw these rules to ride [Finale]
What could it be?
They call them the Little People
Don't enter the haunted house at Kausterman's Farm (Part 2)
Little People
the breaking.
The Mother, the Maiden, and the Crone
Buy Twitter Followers - High Quality Real Active Cheap Price
Something weird happened in my Minecraft world when I was younger.
The Things You Should Know About Tokyo's Strangest Convenience Store
My friend got into a crash and some weird stuffhappend
My friend got into a crash and some weird stuff happend
I think cancer is not the thing killing my friend.
HE WAS LIVING INSIDE MY HOUSE
Never go outside on the night of the Harvest Moon
This made me so paranoid that I jump at the slightest noise
Kangaroos Got Me Fired And Worse
My new security job at the factory has some strange rules...
Something whispers my name in the woodsMy new security job at the factory has some strange rules...
Desk Jockey
The Silence... (Part 1)
Don't Come to Coastal Virginia [Part 2]
There's A Serial Killer In My Attic
I've always known my boyfriend is a little protective, but last night I think I found out why people I meet go missing. (Part 1)
Stories from a Spirit Medium: The Old Man at the Bus Stop
I'm a teenage monster hunter, and you wont believe what I've seen. Part 1
The Winter Cellar
Never go outside on the night of the Harvest Moon
I’m making short horror stories mostly from reddit
Sobriety
Three Weeks Ago I Moved Into My Dream Home. That's When the Nightmares Started.
The second worst date I've had so far as it happened, or what I like to call, A Tad Of Terror
We have broken into an Egyptian tomb, on the hunt for our missing friend. Ancient secrets lie below, and each level hints at new horrors...
My brother and I found a structure buried beneath our home
My Dog and I investigate the paranormal: Demonic Possession and Early Retirement
The Lord's Village
Mary Had a Little Brother
A Painters Discovery
I Found This on a Note...
Never look for a roommate on Craigslist
The house on Dreary lane (part 1)
I ate the last slice of Pizza and now I'm in Hell.
I Saw It There Within the Carousel ...
Perfume
Scary Story Society Introduction
The Winter Cellar
Scary Story Society Introduction
I woke up in a bathtub full of ice...
Out of Body Experience
The Leveret
A Clean House
Standby
Some cats can sense when a person is dying, but my cat can sense something much, much worse...
4:04
I hate my face.
I Met An Evil Spirit On My Family's Farm Ten Years Ago
Welcome to the Scary Story Society
4:04
The Note on my Desk
phantom alarms
The scariest thing i've had happen while camping.
My sister and I are staying at my uncle's lake house. She found a treasure map that's leading us to something sickening - Part 9
The Suburbs: Exits and Sentinals (3)
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Our town doesn't celebrate Halloween here, we hide from it.
My Re-Employment At The Movies. PT 1
There's a strange newspaper that's only delivered at midnight...(Part 6)
A Children's Tale
The Devils 7 Christmas Presents - PRIDE
Predictive Dreams And Nightmares
My Neighbors Take Halloween a Little Too Seriously...
Need help finiding this creepypasta/nosleep story
Why you fear the darkness?
I'm an elevator repairman. This is why you don't get off until the door is open all the way.
Don't come to Costal Virginia
Bird Hive
Possible true haunting
Every Thursday morning, I get letters from no one
My Friend went missing a week ago but I’ve been getting texts from her as if she’s not
My house...
Took Xans and Slept at 8 PM
Took Xans n fell asleep at 8
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I called the in-dream hotline for escaping nightmares. I know, it sounds ridiculous, but my husband never would have otherwise discovered the sex. Or the dead body.
It called me to come back
The Graveyard Guard
Incident Report: The Safe. 16 June, 1993
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Went up in the hills for a tarot reading, then gtfo
Moonlight Man
I can see through the eye they took from me.
The Moonlight Man
They found me in the corn fields
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
They found me in the corn fields
They Escaped [1]
Life with the true Hookers of all kingdoms
The Estimate
Whelp
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Hey everyone! Please watch and review my independent scifi thriller short film if you have the time, thank you so much!
Hey guys lets watch phineas and ferb
The rain washes everything away.
Don't enter the haunted house at Kausterman's Farm
Hang On
Our town doesn’t celebrate Halloween here, we hide from it.
Real Estate
I went to IKEA, it broke my marriage.
the darkness is taking over
My friend gave me some glasses that had a myth behind them... Looks like it wasn't a myth afterall.
I followed my cat into an abandoned house and I wish I hadn't
I'm A Security Guard At A Haunted House Part 6
The Game
Gum Shoe Blues
Gum Shoe Blues
Something stinks.
The Nightfall Effect
I think something is seriously wrong with one of my campers...I observed people all my life. Today I decided to follow the most peculiar person. (part 1)
Haunted Kays Cross, Utah Story
I'm A Security Guard At A Haunted House Part 6 Revised
I'm A Security Guard At A Haunted House Part 6 (revised)
I'm on a flight to see my grandmother. Something very disturbing is happening to me.
My son came black.
There's a manning the woods.
I work in a pawn shop. I brought something home that I really think I shouldn't have.
Snuff
There is a portrait that hangs in my grandmother’s house that bleeds at night, from the frame.
My second encounter with the salt and pepper man
Capture the moment (part 2)
There was an imposter Among Us. This is how I survived.
Don't come to Sandbridge Va
Keep Your Eyes Closed
I got stuck in the middle of nowhere. Now someone else is living my life.
Please Send Help, I've Been Kidnapped!
What happened on the 13th of October?
My university wants me dead.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
My mother-in-law asked me if I wanted to know the secret to immortality
The Blue Man
What happened on the 13th of October?
Searching for a story
I got myself a Weighted Blanket, and now I am trapped inside my Bedroom
The Blue Man
Welcome to Club Serotonin
The Blue Man
The Tower of Silence
Mr. Bear
Chander Project - Part 1
I was almost Trafficked
The Real Horror
The Lake
My code name is Createda Guardian and I would like to help you guys with paranormal and or supernatural things
The Lake
The Horror at Seven Points 1
How can rice be a trauma inducer?
The Stormwalkers Gaze
My code name is Createda Guardian.
I almost Did something horrible
The Train Spotter
The Stormwalkers Gaze
A Long Time’s passed. I’m Still In Hell.
The Stormwalkers Gaze
Part One:I'm being stalked by a clown from my hometown.
My Encounter With North America’s Last Uncontacted Tribe
I lost my cat in an old house
Patient zero
Penance (part one)
Penance
"Radar"
My hands need to eat.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
the city is on a rampage
I’m a dentist for monsters. I prefer the city to villages.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Why I can’t sleep or even be home alone...
A Completely Normal Illinois Bus Experience
My home is super weird 2
Every time I die I come back to life. I can't escape it.
So- I think a demon was in my dream or it was just honestly terrifying (Real experience)
One of my stories was picked up by an online streaming service. The terms are a little strange though.
My family owns a resort where the rich hunt people for sport. Everyone is on acid.
My friend allegedly saw a Goatman vs a Werewolf...Epic!!!
I just got laid off at Disneyland so I am free to talk about "The Strollers"
The perfect woman
The Perfect Woman
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The Courtrooms of Inferno
Among Us.EXE
the three times I think I saw ghosts-real
The 5th pair of footprints
The Rental House
bubbing oil eyes
Hell Is A Teenage Girl
I Know How You'll Die
I think I might be going crazy...
Don't Look in the Package!
She took the kids
Something strange happened while i slept
Church Lady
Ever wondered where organs come from?
THERE ARE NO MORE KINGS IN ENGLAND
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
How to Survive on Casterman's Farm
My Brother moved out Last Night
I See Things That Other People Are Afraid To (PART 3)
the day i felt in a horror movie
Silence
Confessions Of A Serial Killer- Part 1
Silence
Confessions Of A Serial Killer- Part 1
I used to work in social media recruitment for a death cult. There were six steps to breaking a recruit down.
I finally visited my friend during quarantine and I'm a bit disturbed by what I found
The bully
Don't Let The Antiquer Know You're Lost
my home is super weird
I’m a new witch and I think I made a massive mistake
I've been cursed to live in the shadows. My best friend Reika is a little paranoid.My brother died in a police shooting and I heard his voice at the funeral Part 2
I've been cursed to live in the shadows. My best friend Reika is a little paranoid.
Many years ago, my best friend was lost to a world of raining sands. Today, I go to save him.
Hallucinogens have opened my eyes to things I don't want to see
Stay away from the suburbs in Michigan (Part 6)
That's not a stormy cloud
I Worked in a Government Pathogen Research Facility, We Released Something Horrifying
I'm A Security Guard At A Haunted House Part 6
I only hunt those who hunt others.
His Last Words: They Swallow the Stars and Obliterate the Heavens
My ancestor was at Rorke's Drift, he experienced something much worse then Zulus.
The maze that never ends
Pink Scissors
The last night we ever played games in the dark
I never should’ve given them my email.
Midwales
The trip to the bomb shelters
The maze that never ends
A warning from an Eklégon.
If you see a youtube comment asking wanna play? Do not respond.
The number of death
A person asked me on youtube wanna play? I accepted it. And I regretted it.
Four Legged Freak, or, That One Small Town in America Where The People Are Dying to Leave II
Four Legged Freak, or, That One Small Town in America Where The People Are Dying to Leave
The Log. (Part 1)
The Log.
Missing Persons Investigation: Helena Leyva Interview, 6-11-2019.
Adobe Illustrator CC Crack 2020 v24.3.0.569 Key Latest Version
The Flames and the Dark
I have to kill my husband
The Devils 7 Christmas Presents - Greed
MAX
MAX.EXE
Someones in the shed
I was the last one to hear it, and I'll be the last one to die.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
There is now an in-dream hotline you can call to escape nightmares
We found a card game lying by the side of the road. I wished we never picked it up.
My Daughter Has a Disturbing and Deadly Talent
My date took me to a coffee shop, now I am in the woods with a smartphone.
My date took me to a coffee shop, now I am in the woods with a smartphone.
A Warning
My friend allegedly saw a Goatman vs a Werewolf...EPIC!!!
The Rainforest in the South West Wilderness of Tasmania Will Sing To You. Don't Listen.
The Tea Master 2000 Whirlpool Plus
Everytime i look at the clock its 4:44
Queen of Hearts
I met the Devil 70 years ago
I hunt what hunts humanity
Just need a guidepost..
I hunt what hunts humanity
Memoirs of a Dead Man
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Kafkaesque
Fish
The Impasta's
The Impasta's
The Paddock | [Part One]
Some very disturbing Paranormal Experiences in my life
Heirlooms (part 1)
In Mr. Hoffsetters Carnival you must follow these rules to ride [Pt.2]
I woke up in an empty prison cell. I need to get out of this place
Haunted. (real)
My sister...the siren:
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The Paddock: A Series | Part # 1 |
Echo Chamber
The Shadow
I met the monster in the woods, and there are things out here worse than him (part 3)
Don't play the game called "Sack of Knives".
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
My dad was gifted a candy bowl made from a human skull
How to Survive Camping: don't try to do my job
There's something wrong with my Doctor...and with me.
Mi familia no eran lo que yo creía
I found someone inside your head.
I work for The Corporation. Here's what happened that night. (Part 4)
It comes out when your sleeping... (Short one shot creepypasta)
I don’t think my dreams are just dreams anymore...
I don’t think my dreams are just dreams anymore...
I let my dog out the other night. I have no clue what I let back in.
Mr. Nightmare
Always With Us
WEIRD TEXTS ⁉️
An Unlikely Haunting
Eye See You
The Rumors of Corpses
Eye See You
"The Rules for Museum Safety After Dark"
There’s something in my closet.
I Think it is the House [PART TWO]
I’m a cast member in your favourite TV show, and there’s something wrong with my cast mates.
Dig
I hate the doctor's
My stairway has two doors, but the rules provided didn't help me.
The man in my basement takes one step closer every week. [Part 3]
My brother was killed in a police shooting I still heard his voice at his funeral. Part 1
I Keep Hearing the Same Voice.
I have a habit of picking scabs. I will never pick one ever again after today.
Have You Ever Played The Corn Farmer?I House-Sat for my Brother and Discovered a Horrifying Collection of Tapes
How To Sleep Better At Night Get Ebooks
Where are all of my friends?
Under the riverbed...
Why I Hate Pulling Fireguard: An Army Story
(An Army Story) Why I Hate Pulling Fireguard:
I've been cursed to live in the shadows. Life will never be the same again.
Something's hidden in my house
I run a ghost tour. here are the rules.
hello, I'm new here, i don't read a lot of books, but i write just for fun. i made this (not finished yet) there are a lot of mistakes but i want your honest opinions on it, please and thank you in advance.
Wonder
My very own stalker.
I run a ghost tour. here are the rules.
I now hate dolls
After watching a popular video on tiktok about an experiment on how to “see your past life”
Wonder . . . .
nightmare_wood.txt
Candace Gray is obsessed with cake
The hatch in the roof
The burn in room 14
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I run a ghost tour. here are the rules.
The bedtime man
The Barking Wolfhound
I run a ghost tour. here are the rules.
I don’t like mirrors
The Nunu
Things that go click.
The Nunu
I'm investigating the case of some missing teenagers, I think a vampire is involved. [PART 2]
I Started Working for the United States Census Bureau; I Tried to Give my Notice
Paranormal activity in my House
A Kid In My Class Would Eat Anything. Now He Has A Mukbang Channel.
PEPOLE WANT TO KNOW WHAT I AM ?
In the Eyes of the Woods
The Nunu Tickles Your Feet
Duct Tape
My favorite true crime podcast updated while I visited my parents. The episode is about their murder.
There's a tiny building in the oilfields outside Bakersfield that I will avoid for the rest of my life.
If you see this please help me
There's a strange newspaper that's only delivered at midnight...(Part 5)
My gums stopped itching.. But now I'm dealing with something much worse..
The Neighbors House Is Getting Closer
My Grandfather Had One Rule
In sold my life for 700 dollars
I work for a company that summons ghosts available for use nearby.
Những yếu tố làm nên rèm cửa vintage đẹp, sang trọng
The Witch in My Yard
When air suffocates
GROW YOUR YOU TUBE CHANNEL
I just started working the night shift at my university library. I found an envelope with rules that weren't in the employment manual.
I still believe that despite what I said, she was telling the truth.
Call Me Crazy
the house and the crochet.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
A Bit O'ddity
He was just joking
He was just joking..
A Bit O'ddity
I just started working the night shift at my university library. I found an envelope with rules that weren't in the employment manual.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Stay Out Of The Water After 10 PM
Deep Blue
Christmas.
Cổng Xếp Inox LB301
The figure creeps
This video keeps me awake at night
The Manifesto
I Work at the Brimstone Tavern, Shapeshifters Are the Most Dangerous Cryptids
I'm a commentator for a tournament of nightmares. Before we reach the end, I got the interview of a lifetime.
Grandmas house then and now
I Finally Told My Mom Why I Hate Dolls
The Day the power runs out
Strong gut intuition panic..
My Godfather is a Demon. Kinda.
Confessions of a Camp Counsellor (Part 2)
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Feed The Veg
There's something massive living in the mountains in Alaska- and it can fly
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I asked my girlfriend's parents for permission to marry their daughter. They said yes, but they also had an odd request.
Woke up to blood
I Spent 8 Dollars For My First True Friend
My sister and I are staying at my uncle's lake house. She found a treasure map that's leading us to something sickening - Part 8
My time at the House on Rose Street (Part 1)
Woke up to blood
Tales Of The Overseer: Torment Of The Lost Souls
Woke up to a puddle of blood
Woke up to a pool of blood
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Woke up to a pool of blood
We’ve Explored an ancient Reality, and I’m pretty sure that the deer is actually a God [Part 5]
Woke up to a pool of blood
The Horror At Seven Points
The Horror at Seven Points
I[M40] think my SO[F42] is putting herself in a dangerous situation but I can't make her see that
Ground
A Murderers Manifesto
Mother
I don't know.Dry Skin
Dry Skin
G - G - G Ghost!
The Escaped Convict
Ring Around the Rosie Game
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
We run from the sons of the storms of New Zealand, on a desperate mission to save our families.
I'm in the Haunting of Hill House
I have been cursed to live in the shadows. Today I started develloping symptoms.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Unheeded Warnings Regarding Stairs and Never-ending stares
Three Bad Nights
Crystal infection
The Cursed Asylum Part 1
Can anyone help me? I think I've been scammed.
My boss was hired by Paul Rudd
All this rain has made the slugs relentless...
Hey. Um. Guys. Is this herpes?
I was getting on the bus and woke up next to a monster in the forest
Highway 42.0005 is no longer protected, and I can only tell you to pray if you ever get stuck on it
Help Me Please
That incident has changed me....
I found a video on my phone of my family that I didn’t take, I don’t know what to do!
Found a camera in my house, anyway to find out who or where the footage was going to?
I regret shifting to that house....
Help Me Please
Help Me Please
In Mr. Hoffsetters Carnival you must follow these rules to ride [Pt.1]
A Countdown timer has appeared in my Towns downtown square, nobody knows where it came from. The timer will hit zero in two minutes.
I regret moving to that house...
I saw the naked woman for the last time today.
My friends and I are urban explorers who break into doomsday bunkers for the super wealthy. We snuck into one my father built, and we'd be lucky if any of us escape from it alive. [Part 5] [Final]
I regret moving to that house...
You must FOLLOW THESE RULES TO RIDE [Carnival Rules Extravaganza!] Pt 1
I found a hidden compartment in my new house, filled with thousands of credit cards and one weird notebook.
The doctors told the amputee he might experience a phantom limb from time to time. Nobody prepared him for the moments though, when he felt cold fingers brush across his phantom hand.
G - G - G Ghost!
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Tales from the void- a anthology based from 6 story's from nosleep, airing in 2021
Monster on the Moor
Madness, Mutilation, Death. Choose One.
I'm investigating the case of some missing teenagers, I think a vampire is involved. [PART 2]
Contrary to Tradition, King Solomon Wasn't Very Good At Expelling Demons.
I can not say if the creature I saw on the subway this morning was there to harm me or warn me, all I know is that I do not want to see it again.
2020 has been a great year for me
Nyctophobia Means the Fear of the Night
I like your house
The Horror at Seven Points Part 1
The E-Girl
I found something within the bushes at my estate's park. I should've left it alone.
I Stumbled Across a Strange Show Featuring a Man in a Dog Costume Trying to Get Inside Somebody's Home
Never make deals with the ocean men
The Trunk in Uncle Ricky's Closet
The Man In The Waistcoat
Red was her favourite colour.
Red was her favourite colour.
My neighbor is weirding me out.
He betrayed me.
Stay away from the dark web
My first story I wrote. I apologize for bad punctuation or grammar would love the feedback. I call it "Headlights"
Tales From The Apocalypse- The Kid
I loved my Girlfriend but...
My best friend turned into a scarecrow.
I loved my Girlfriend but....
Come stay in our remote cabins - brand new location!
No Contact
The Radiation Underground
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
8 Feet Tall
There is a monster behind my house...
In The Mind Of A Killer
Boogie man haunting me
Clay Pots
The Night is Following Us - A Ghost Month story
Dont stir up the past
Weird hillbilly possible car jacking
Why I don't visit Russia anymore
Hi
I just got a new apartment. My roommate is a little strange, though.
An Account of Unnatural Dreams and Delusions Had while Stranded at the Fal Mahal
I just got a new apartment. My roommate is a little strange, though.
Disney after Dark: We're hiring!
Please.
Please.
What Are Some Ways To Reduce Insomnia In My Cat?
I have no idea if this smart kid killed my friend or not.
Autocorrect
Night of the Black Pig and Bird: This storm left the strangest things in my backcountry town.
Autocorrect
The Sound Upstairs
I love hiking in the PNW
So you think you can dance?
I Found a "Message in a Bottle" From a Lost Arctic Expedition (Part Two)
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Not Fade Away, or, That One Small Town in America Where The People Are Dying to Leave
A friend wanted a horror story type monologue... This was my first attempt. Wasn't what he was looking for. What do you think?
Magick Man
Rebecca Strudwick is having a baby
Animal Land 1
Ok so it was summer camp we could not just go through corona.Ok so it was summer camp we could not just go through corona it was about the 3rd night and as always we did not sit or talk a bit I suppose it was about 3am and all of a sudden we saw a light we thought it was just someone w
New Horror Anthology Series Based On Your Favorite NoSleep Stories
New Horror Anthology Series based on your favorite NoSleep Stories
We’re creating a NEW HORROR ANTHOLOGY SERIES based on your favorite NO SLEEP stories. Watch the trailer for TALES FROM THE VOID at the link below, featuring stories from /M59Gar, /The_Dalek_Emperor, Manen_Lyset, and more.
SpongeBob Squarepants murdered my friend’s son.
At The Edges of The Dead Mountain
I have been cursed to live in the shadows. Today my neighbor attacked me.
Maneater
The Last Patrol
I went to the astral plane, I didn't come back alone
From A Dark Cloud, She Came
From A Dark Cloud, She Came (NSFW)
Tales from the bayou
It Has 8 Legs And 6 Eyes
It Has 8 Legs And 6 Eyes
My gums have been itching...
Highway 42.0005 is no longer protected, and I can only tell you to pray if you ever get stuck on it.
I smoke meth. I rail chicks. I drink blood.
The Price of Revenge
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
My friends and I are urban explorers who break into doomsday bunkers for the super wealthy. We snuck into one my father built, and we'd be lucky if any of us escape from it alive. [Part 4]
REAL STORY
I took my high to write something.
INFERNO
The Cost of Revenge
"First Date" by: bins
"A sex worker's complaint"
9question
If you hear The Mummers calling, stay inside.
The Guide
SWEAT
My coworker just learned a dark reality about the hotel we work at
God's Plan
Is the Devil under my bed?
I Worked in an Underground Disease Research facility, we let out Something Horrifying
My Dream Last night was weird.
My grandfather hates the smell of rain, and now I do too (Part1)
The Decision That Broke Me
My dads story
Illusion?
I may have gone to the wrong place...
Illusion?
One Step Behind. Final Part
Dont stir up the past
My sleep paralysis demon is actually very hot
Have you ever lost a key?
My dads story
There’s Something in the Ballast [Part 1]
Confessions of a Camp Counsellor
A creepy guy is living in my ceiling for 2 weeks
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
My grandpa's parrot keeps shouting weird stuff at me
A story I wrote became a creepypasta without me knowing about it.
The Voyeurist
The Bermuda dark plague PART 1
The Keymin Part 2 The Keymin's Home
The Keymin Part 1
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
My gums itch..
The Bone Lady
The Polaris Experiment- Part V- final
I Am In Complete Darkness
Last night, i met jack the ripper [Part 2]
I kidnapped my younger brother and have been keeping him in my basement for months
It's funny right no it isn't it's just join me at this app it's not funny we actually shoot I know everything is going on I'll tell you
Looking for a story
An Account of Unnatural Dreams and Delusions Had while Stranded at the Fal Mahal
An Account of Unnatural Dreams and Delusions Had while Stranded at the Fal Mahal
I Work at an Underground Government Disease Research Facility, We let Out Something Horrible
An Account of Unnatural Dreams and Delusions Had while Stranded at the Fal Mahal
I'm investigating the case of some missing teenagers, I think a vampire is involved.
When The Lights Go Out
The forsaken archaeological site
The forsaken archaeological site (Long)
The Midnight Mass; or How My Father Survived a Lynching
I WENT TO THE ASTRAL PLANE, I DIDN'T COME BACK ALONE
I saw something on the roof of my childhood home when I was 13. I visited again, and it’s back.
I’m a new witch and I think I made a massive mistake
My Dreams of My Father
I Worked for the Government at an Underground Disease Control Center, We let Something Awful Out
The Figure, Colorado
Looking for the name of a story
Mountain church (Colorado)
Cocaine Conversation by Gretzky "New"
The Visitor
THE BALLOONED MAN🎈
I recently came across a weird journal, while doing some urban exploring in an abandoned mental hospital.
Where the cursed Bugs Bunny meme originated...
I just found out why I’m an only child.
Looking for a Nosleep Podcast episode
I’m a doctor at Breckinridge Asylum but no one believes me
I'm a doctor at Clearwater Asylum but no one believes me
That box was something else
I'M not freaked out at all!
"The Box"
"The Box" written by me Prashant Pal Aka Serpent
Luigi's Homicide
The Killer of Mahogany Village
There is talk of a bridal skeleton haunting my village. She wanted me to be her groom
My husband has taken our roleplaying too farSomething isn't right with these recordings
Luigi's Homicide
Observatory
My Dream Home Won't Stop Bleeding
The Suburbs: Who Killed Belle Mullohand?
I feel it lurking...
When it rains, they come.
My friends and I are urban explorers who break into doomsday bunkers for the super wealthy. We snuck into one my father built, and we'd be lucky if any of us escape from it alive. [Part 3]
This Beautiful Life
Appetizer
Ghost Rider in the Sky
The Friendly Neighbor
An Infectious Delusion
My friends and I are urban explorers who break into doomsday bunkers for the super wealthy. We snuck into one my father built, and we'd be lucky if any of us escape from it alive. [Part 3]
The Sycamore Forest At My Old Home
This a real story.
Turbidity
I was hired to kill a child rapist but I found a **child* if you can call it that
The Red
The Red
I'm a dominatrix and the men I know might be harassing me
12th Floor
I'll Never Trick or Treat Again
Bless This House
12th Floor
A few weird experiences. Any thoughts?
the untold story of DEVIL'S BIBLE
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The Polaris Experiment (Part 4)
Oh Say Can You See
My Guardian Angel Murders for Me
Curiosity Killed The Cat
I Don't Believe
I Made A Deal With An Old Man In A Food Court Bathroom (Pt. 10)
It Was On My Bookshelf
Somebody left an old TV on my porch, it contained a horrible secret. [PART 4]
Marielle
I got locked inside my neighbor’s house and ended up breaking the only rule he had set
My Guardian Angel Kills for Me
Something is Seriously Wrong here, and I don't know how to Fix It.
An ancient robot works on our family farm. We don't know where he came from, but our Grandpa made us promise to keep him a secret.
A discarded funeral speech draft from a devoted member of the departed's band
I Don't Believe
Cheapest House in the Neighborhood
The Girl Living in the Apartment Above
My Purpose in Life
In the Eyes of the Woods
The One
Apartment 261
Nobody believed me when I told them the world was about to end.
weird dreams recently
I downloaded a cryptid soundboard, a piece of me wishes I hadn't
I downloaded a cryptid sound board, a piece of me wishes i hadn't
Nightmares from the depths
Floss
I need one of you to come find me
They Cry Every Time They See Me
A day without words
The Pale Ones - My First Time Spelunking (Part 2)
My Teacher Assigned a New Book, But I've Never Heard of It
So I guess I'm just dead now...
My Roommate Saw a Nun in the Bathroom. It tried to kill me. (Part 1)
Don't let the devil steal your WIFI signal
Visiting The Infinite Forest
The Diaries Of Lilian: I have memories I shouldn’t Have
We took our dog, Noodles, to housesit for my boyfriend's parents. Now we don't talk to his family anymore.
The Suburbs: Part 1
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
My friends and I are urban explorers who break into doomsday bunkers for the super wealthy. We snuck into one my father built, and we'd be lucky if any of us escape from it alive. [Part 2]
Something was waiting for me in room 243
The number is 7
The pumkin man
₦ØŦҤł₦G ł$ λ$ łŦ $EEM$ λ₦¥MØƦE
Get UK driving license@DVLA
A massive water tower appeared in my backyard overnight. It's leaking a foul-smelling liquid and driving the wildlife crazy...
I conducted an Amateur Experiment.
I'm fleeing the moon base Selene because something is killing people - Just now
window of hope
The Pillae
I Narrated A Murder Confession
Metamorphosis
There's a strange newspaper that's only delivered at midnight...(Part 4)
My Monster and Me Part 1
That time when i didn't goto sleep at 3.23
I run a bed and breakfast. My most recent client is always wet.
I Work at The Last Store at A Dying Mall - Part 2
In the Eye's of the Woods
Online School
Can we use foreign stock markets to predict the US stock market?
There's This Old Urban Legend About This Ice Cream Truck In Our Neighborhood...
I get paid to feel fear. No, this isn’t supernatural – it's just very fucking hard.
My Grandma's house, then and now
The Darkness Within.
Looking For Vampires
Welcome to the Norwegian Expanse
Tale of the Roof-Reacher
I should not have slacked off during online class
House of one and an unwelcome guest
Worst psychosis trip
GET RICH FAST AND EASYAIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
My imaginary friend has become to real.
I run a shop for supposedly "cursed" items, so a time-screwing watch wasn't much of a shock.
There’s a first for everything
I found something in an abandoned office building and I need help.
800 Chapter 1 The Arrival
I'm being stalked by.....myself?
You’re moments away from homelessness at any given moment
I Bought a Novelty Time Machine, Unfortunately, It Worked.
Welcome Home.
There’s a first for everything
I was contracted to help conceal a UFO crash. (Part 4)
A black water tower appeared in my backyard overnight, and it's leaking a foul-smelling liquid into the ground...
The Pillae (Final Excerpt from Harbinger AX-231, Habitable Planet 231.)
Behind the Holy Eyes, Under the Benevolent Guise
Whatever it says, don't respond, it'll come for you too...
She's Going to Kill Me- Part II
I’ve been turned into a vampire, and I know I’d be better off dying. But there’s one reason I can’t.
I’m new to the scary story thing so sorry if this is bad
Does your door have a peephole?
Pissed Off
I killed a werewolf, and now I can't get enough.
"With Us Now"
Hey Sarge, do you smell that?
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I saw my math teacher gets kidnapped
I saw my math teacher gets kidnapped
My oddly horrific dream needs an ending
My Uncle Married his Imaginary Friend
rules for new night security at disney world
Somebody left an old TV on my porch, it contained a horrible secret. [PART 3]
I've been seeing her for 2 weeks now
I’m a new witch and I think I made a massive mistake
I’m a new witch and I think I made a massive mistake
My grandpa met Charles Manson in the woods
My friend has no face now and it's destroying our relationship. What should i do?
Just a dream?
Scorpion Sting
The 2nd and Charles Bathroom
The Sight and the Sun
The Place That Haunts You
His Voice
I used to teach English in Tokyo, and I'd like to talk about some of my experiences
The Erlking never leaves his children.
Hark
Last night, i met Jack the Ripper
My High School Science Teacher Saved My Life, But I Don't Think She Actually Existed
The Other Side
My guardian angel has charred horns and flesh wings. (Part 1)
A dark cloud in the Sky (Part 1)
Who's the Killer??
The Polaris Experiment- Part III
Okay, so I just had one hell of a night.
The eyes in the woods: Part 1
I Work for the United States Census Bureau- The Street Where no Children Meet
Be white-eyed
A dark cloud above the Sky (I)
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
This is not a healing pool. It's a labyrinthine conclusion..
Don't Go Outside (part 1)
My friends and I are urban explorers who break into doomsday bunkers for the super wealthy. We snuck into one my father built, and we'd be lucky if any of us escape from it alive. [Part 1]
I think my wife may have realized she was reincarnated
If you visit Redwood National Park, do not stray from the beaten the path!
The LaDiablesse
Cancun
sunlight.mp4 #1
I'm fleeing the moon base Selene because something is killing people - 30 minutes ago
I ask my girlfriend to marry me I think I started a war pt. 1
Face
I'm in a committed relationship and can only have sex with prostitutes.
My Friend Found Spiders In His Ear
My fiance's sleeping habits keep me up at night [3]
I just found out that my family has been keeping a terrible secret from me. [Final]
His story is insane but I think I believe him.
Doggy Door Stopper
My job is to lucid dream. I discovered something that will kill you tonight.
Hello
Monsters in the Mind
Someone has been killed aboard my ship. And the murderer is still onboard. [FINALE]
I honestly don't really know what to do
Someone has been killed aboard my ship. And the murderer is still onboard. [FINALE]
A gift for the human species
Don't be Curious.
bag of bones
I'm losing hope.
Cheapest House in the Neighborhood
I’m going to be a bell-girl at a weird hotel.
I’m going to be working at the Red peak hotel.
I'm losing hope.
Discord shadow
The River
I think my wife is a siren or something.....
Black Blobs Part 7
If You Get Invited To Spend Your Babymoon Camping At Bernadette's Camp And Create, Do Not Accept The Invitation
Don’t Talk to FearGood inc.
Disney after dark:: we're hiring!
I used to teach English in Japan. I'd like to talk about some of my experiences.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
What are some good tips working as a mental patient in a haunt attraction?
CherophobiaI think I know how I'm going to die
I don't believe it.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
BASEMENT.
My Dream to become a scary story reader on youtube! !First Video Tonight/ Tommorow! Could you please sub its Free!
I'm a 'phony' paranormal investigator, and I'm in over my head.
My Friend Is A Skin Walker.
My Wife Has Been Taking Care Of "Our Son" But We Dont Have One...
never put blood on a ouija board
I met a man who couldn't stop moving.
Family Ties
Scorpion Sting
The Penance of Captain Silas Jacobson
The neighborhood hoarder finally cleaned up his yard. I think he was making room for a cult.
There is a isolated village that I've live since i was 18, it has a dark secret
There's an online shop of horrors that only opens every 3 AM. I should've just bought the sex doll.
2012 - An Airport Snowstorm - Last (2)
I've Been Having Strange Dreams. If Something Happens to me You Know What it Was.
I’m a new witch and I think I made a massive mistake.
I just want to make you happy. But women around me keep dying. (Part 6)
I hate my father
I played a text adventure game / Part 1
There are Monsters in the dark
Confessions from a Lifetime of Resurrection
I Smoked PCP With A Demon
Spiders in the Basement
A Dangerous Game
I am ready to die
The Candle
I woke up in a pitch black room and it's not mine. Part 1
I am a janitor in Prague's subway system. There is something revolting happening beneath the city.
Black Eyed Children
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
My Wife Has Been Taking Care Of "Our Son" But We Dont Have A Son
Someone has been killed aboard my ship. And the murderer is still onboard. [PART 4]
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The barn
Can I leave lease?
Can I leave lease early without consequences?
My sister needs help
Buy Glassdoor Reviews - Buy 5 star Glassdoor Reviews
Someone has been killed aboard my ship. And the murderer is still onboard. [PART 4]
A Dangerous Game of Tag
There is a street in Umber Heights, USA called Eerie Whisper and no one should ever go there.
Closure to a Legend We Never Knew The Meaning Of
Keep hearing my name being called out late at night
I keep hearing my name being called when it’s late at night
I Work At the Brimstone Tavern, Some Patrons Cause All Sorts of Problems
I don't believe it
My metro story
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
How to kill an idea
My first encounter with the man with the salt and pepper ponytail
Help, I'm just a stupid gastronomy student. It's all my fault. Just tonight, please. I need you
Seniorum
My first encounter with the man with the salt and pepper ponytail
I responded to a craigslist ad. Now I'm going to die a horrible death at the hands of a brilliant scientist.
I'm not sure if this is the right place to talk about this. But if you're reading me. Please. Tonight, I need your help.
I work for a hotel that broadcasts to a specific clientele I wasn’t supposed to know
My first encounter with the man with the salt and pepper ponytail
I’m fleeing the moon base Selene because something is killing people
I’m fleeing the moon base Selene because something is killing people - 1 hour ago
Room 213 : We might have found our new apartment!
One Night Stand
Please help. Not sure if this is the place. I'm just a fat and stupid food lover but tonight I need you.
A sense of hell
Happy Birthday, Kasey.
Unidentified Case Files: The Disappearance of Judith Reinhardt
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I'm not okay
Has anyone heard the song "Frankie's Coming"?
Army camp toilets
Disney after Dark: A Zippity Do Dah Day
I'm A Security Guard At A Haunted House Part 5
Tell Us A Joke, Give Us Some Blood
Smoke
I Found a "Message in a Bottle" From a Lost Arctic Expedition (Part One)
I found an old disturbing notebook in my house (1)
Always Lock Your Doors at Night
I thought I was experiencing anaesthetic awareness. The reality was so much worse.
I received a gift from The Fair Mother Deisa. [Part 1]
Depresion as a haunting
depression as a haunting
My Brother Studied Monsters
Depression Haunting?
Echoing Reflections
Years ago I returned to the childhood home which I had fled. Now that I am dying, I’m ready to share the story of what happened to me there in order to save others. [Part 1].
A scratching of a key has appeared on my mirror. It acts as a gate, to the world beyond.
Family Gathering
I watch my town sleep
The Door From Hell?
I got arrested. Now my dad can’t recognize my face.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I Think My Friend May Have Done a Bad Thing
Outbreak of crazy ghost roaming inside sewage
Boundaries are an important part of a healthy relationship. ALL I asked was that he follow a few simple rules...
Have you seen the Guillotine commercial on Adult Swim?
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I Have Come To Terms With That My Shadow Is Just As Alive As I Am...
My grandfather's palaeontology notes: RCMP email updateThere's something terrible hidden in my wife's closet.
Tik Tok Brush
I thought I was experiencing anaesthetic awareness. The reality was so much worse.
I found a Disturbing Diary in Japan's Suicide Forest
Hell Sense Letter
The woods
Horror event during the night
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Grandpa’s Haunted House.
Sleep
She awoke in a panic, frantically shining her phone's light throughout her room. If only she shone it at the window. She is so beautiful when she is sleeping.
Knocking window. R/nosleep
His story is insane but I think I believe him.
The Polaris Experiment
My Reflection Keeps Smiling
There's a strange newspaper that's only delivered at midnight...(Part 3)
12 Terrifying Facts about the Dark Web
Dying of Thirst
I DONT UNDERSTAND
Dying of Thirst
Dr. Morrigan's Case Files: Addendum to Ryan's File
Those Deep, Dark Wells
Somebody left an old TV on my porch, it contained a horrible secret.
There's a Gigantic Spider in My Basement
The Alberta Bus Incident
I found a girl...
I just found out that my family has been keeping a terrible secret from me. [Part 5]
The Incubus of the Suburbs
The Incubus of the Suburbs
The Incubus of the Suburbs
The most beautiful girl in the world.
The most beautiful girl in the world.
The Haunted Treasure of Starfalls Manor
Just another haunted hotel
Just another haunted hotel
We found something on the Moon. I wish we never came back
I couldn't sleep. Now upvote
A man staring through the window, a dream or not.
My New Old Cat Saved Me
So one of my friends has written this and he told me to post it here. So I am posting the story below on his behalf as he is not on Reddit.
The Haunted Grave: A Local Legend Realized
Someone has been killed aboard my ship. And the murderer is still onboard. [PART 3]
The Haunted Treasure of Starfalls Manor
My Night Tonight
My nights on my farm has gotten weird....
The Haunted Grave: A Local Legend Proven
WHERE IS MY DAUGTHER
WHERE IS MY DAUGHTER
I need someone to know about this
WHERE IS MY DAUGHTER
2012 - An Airport Snowstorm (2)
AWAKEN
My family and I moved into my grandfather's old hunting cabin
How does it feel to be a burden?
Heart's Lake (pt 1)
Strange camping
2012 - An Airport Snowstorm (2)
Animal Land 1
Take a look at the dead person's face before leaving a funeral
There's Something Wrong With the Deer in Northern Minnesota [Part 3]
2012 - An Airport Snowstorm (1)
“Wanted: Assistant Manager for the Ophelia Family’s Traveling Circus”
New Neighbor
I'm fleeing the moon base Selene because something is killing people - 2 hours ago
Don’t go jogging after midnight.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
SuicideNote.txt
One day, I woke up in my room I felt a hand around me, assuming it was my wife I went over to look over at her and then found out it was a man!
Animal Land 2
My Dad is dead, and I think I've killed my therapist.
I work for The Corporation. I slipped, and then I snapped. (Part 3)
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The Foreign Student
I thought I was experiencing anaesthetic awareness. It was so much worse than that.
My dog hates my new apartment
Found a one-star review on a $33 security camera from China that's absolutely terrifying.
Found a one-star review on a $33 security camera from China that's absolutely terrifying.
Listen from the other side
Why I Got Fired From The Crossroads Kitchen
Due to recent violent events, pumpkins are no longer allowed in Point Pine
The man with big eyes Pt. 1
The man with the big eyes
I just want to make you happy. But women around me keep dying. (Part 5)
It Skitters
The ghost ship
The Window
This is the shortest horror story you could ever find..
Lead Head
Hey creepy girl go
The Room With The Deadbolt
The photographer
Budget Beef
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Don’t talk to FearGood inc.
The school has made some wierd rules (First Time Story)
DREAM JOURNAL
The man in my basement takes one step closer every week. [Part 2]
Someone stole my body, but I’m no longer alone.
The Desert Cave
Lantern FliesI don't go hunting anymore.
An old war story my grandfather told me
Lantern Flies
At age nine, I rescued a man trapped in a well
Killer Kids-While investigating some fires near my house, I found a book that had something shocking
I'm Terrified of My Own Guardian Angels
I've been asked to participate in the annual hunting trip at Clover Valley
One Step Behind. Part Three.
The day my ski mask saved my life
The Man in the Mirror
Something keeps knocking on my doors...
I’m A Vampire and I Investigate the Supernatural. I've Seen Horrors That You People Wouldn't Believe
The Day my ski mask saved my life
Astral projection disruption
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Mr. No-Eyes
My Friend has been acting strange. And i don't know what to do
I was almost on HGTV. It fell through in the worst possible way.
What Happened at Guard Tower No. 4 (Part 1)
Trading with Death
8ight After: if you don't believe, then you have nothing to fear With Photos -- Part 3 of 3
creepy song i found on the dark corners of youtube
If You See Rolie Polie Olie Playing On Channel 396 Dont Watch It
Can't Sleep.. Please Suggest me any firm and affordable mattress
My best friend is a parakeet (Part 2)
We found a cave during our annual hiking trip. We never should have gone inside.
Lauren's Last Text
The outbreak
What Happened at Guard Tower No. 4
I just found out that my family has been keeping a terrible secret from me. [Part 4]
My date took me to a coffee shop, now I am in the forest with a smartphone.
My date took me to a coffee shop, now I am in the woods with a smartphone.
THE SKINWALKERS
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Ghosts of the Titanic
I don't know what to title this
NoSleep Drinking Game and Anecdote Story
I don't know what to title this
Someone has been killed aboard my ship. And the murderer is still onboard. [PART 2]
Someone has been killed aboard my ship. And the murderer is still onboard [PART 2]
There are more skyscrapers than I thought
I think there's a demon in my youth group.
Lost in a Labyrinth of Lies - That old healing pool is looking pretty good right about now.
Hey guyss (☞ﾟ∀ﾟ)☞
2 Sentence Horror Story
Found a phone at the convenience store I work at and it has a story to tell. (Final)
Iron
I Sold 59 Days, 14 Hours, and 31 minutes of my Life to a Stranger
I'm interested in what Time talks about. Do you have Time?
My dad told me never to look into the pipe i didnt
Don't stand around in the dark
Something seriously wrong is going on at my school. I think I know more about what these weird rules mean now.
The Centre (Part 2)
I Work at the Brimstone Tavern
The Centre (Part 1)
I think i saw a flesh gait
Bad dream
I Woke Up In Bed And I Don’t Remember Who I Am [Part 2]
The Centre (Part 1)
I'm paranoid for a reason.
Autumn.
Are you not Entertained?
I Tried To Kill Myself, But Now I Think Somethings Trying To Kill Me.
The Haunting of Cobblestone Square
I'm so very tired and scared
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
10th Birthdays
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
THE THING FROM THE CLOSET
My phone is locked every morning
The White Worm
What have been your worst paranormal experience.
Death letter
Spooky "Black Dog" Encounter
Good horror podcasts?
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I Recently Started Working for the United States Census Bureau; I Found a Hole in my Route
I Recently Started Working for the United States Census Bureau; I Came Across an Hole in my Route
I wish I would've cannibalized my twin in utero.
I am a Vampire, and this is how everything started
Valorant Highlights | Ps5 All Games Trailer | When do ps5 COME OUT
I have a monster in my pants.
Games like red door yellow door
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Never Again
Stay away from the suburbs in Michigan (Part 5)
I fought the superhero who massacred my town.
Me being haunted by the same ghost boi in 4 stories.
me being haunted by the same ghost boi in 4 stories
Me being haunted by the same ghost boi in 4 stories.
Crazy
Happy Thanksgiving
Gobble Gobble
I went to Fun Time Kidz Care when i was 3.
He wanted you to see this, whoever you are
On the first of every month, a road appears by my house. It leads away, beneath the shadow of a titan.
I saw the future. I wish I hadn’t.
I'm Sorry
Something in a Mascot Suit Hijacked My TV
My Sister’s KeeperThe Funhouse Experiment Final
I don't like the holidays anymore
There’s something in the woods.
Thiết kế phòng thờ có nên để cửa sổ không ? - Phòng Thờ Việt
Nachiketa: The wishes Death grants
I don’t know what I saw
I'm not allowed to talk about Papswall
The Way The Sand Blows
The Way The Sand Blows
My mother has too many old pictures on the walls...
My mom has too many old photos on the wall...
You Should Never Go Boating At Night
Papswall
In the photograph I’m smiling.
The Appalachian mountains are more dangerous then they let on.
Papswall
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I'm an office tech at a company that works with NASA. I should have never looked through their secret archive.
I talked the last two off of a ledge and a bridge, and I’m pretty sure this third one is going to jump.
My brothers snores are keeping me up.
I'm posting this for Jack: Black Dream's Lake.
Don't you dare say 'No' this time :D
August 2020 Voting Thread
Seeing Spots
I just found out that my family has been keeping a terrible secret from me. [Part 3]
I Watched a Man Vanish into Thin Air
Marcie and Me
Dying Words
The Curse of Silence
He asked me about the wedding ring in March.
I found a redroom/live torture website ( http://killwitheva dot tk ). They don't kill humans, but cats mainly. Operated by a lady named Eva. Recent video features a cat getting its head crushed by Eva. Please report it to the https://report.cybertip dot org/ and share this message.
I found a redroom/live torture website ( http://killwitheva.tk ). They don't kill humans, but cats mainly. Operated by a lady named Eva. Recent video features a cat getting its head crushed by Eva. Please report it to the https://report.cybertip.org/ and share this message.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
It's Not Supposed to Be Like This
Hey who's up? Lol
Tales From A Lonely Motel: A Virus at the Motel - Part 1
I don’t know if I should ever even go outside again.
The loop
Tales From A Lonely Motel: The Virus at the Motel - Part 3
30 Minutes Relaxing Sleep Music
I See Things Other People Are Afraid To (PART 2)
House of infintes
I read my father's journals, and to keep myself from going insane, I have to build... A "mind palace?"
Someone has been killed aboard my ship. And the murderer is still onboard.
I read my father's journals, and to keep myself froming going insane, and I have to build... A "mind palace?" (Part 6)
Found a phone at the convenience store I work at and it has a story to tell. (Part 4)
Whispering Hills (pt 3)
My Grandma Stayed Over, and Her Snoring Kept Me Awake
I thought I was...
My Life is a Paranormal hot spot (pt 2)
I found a photograph that shouldn't exist
The timeshare presentations in Nevada are getting out of control
I found a photograph that shouldn't exist
I’m retarded. For the longest time since I r joined this sub, I thought all the stories where true. Lol.
Welcome to Vermont
I was part of the 1999 Arizona High shooting
The Voice in the Drain
I visited the Chernobyl exclusion zone. We found a man who was brutally crucified.
I work for The Corporation. I slipped, and then I snapped. (Part 3)
The Tonight Show with Gibbs and Satan Ft. The Wendigo September 18th, 2020
The Tonight Show With Gibbs Annd Satan (ft. The Wendigo) September 18th 2020
My husband is a doctor. He has been killing his patients for 30 years
Lily
My girlfriend started the KonMari method of tidying up. She's starting to freak me out
The closet man
We were hiking and found a campsite massacre, the only thing worse is what happened next.
This Is What They Don't Tell You About Working At The Crossroads Kitchen.
Disney after Dark: It's a Dead World After All
The Giggling Girl
Someone called and apologized for something that hasn't happened
Someone called me and apologized for something that never happened
She Is Not My Wife (Part 1)
I didn't believe this shit...then I saw her...
An Illness in the Water (Update)
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The Funeral (part 1)
I thought the school’s P.A systems were usually down.. Whatever the teachers said, I’m terrified. (1)
Do wish to open?
The School’s P.A system was usually broken.. but these announcements shocked me to the core.
My dead grandpa's visits.
I got a DM one day
I’m a cast member in your favourite TV show, and I’m being held hostage.
Dear Reddit, Help me
Security call log: Feb 27th, 2017, Unknown Origin
Just to spite them.
I just received a call from my future self.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Don't listen to the music: Song of the Sea [Part 2]
Having Fun...?
Something broke into our house and we're like 90% certain it's going to come back
I’m the first Explorer of Realities, and I can’t stop screaming [Part 4]
I’m the first Explorer of Realities, and I can’t stop screaming (Part 4)
The Sunken
The challenger of the Cynegtic Hunt 2
stamd
If Jake From State Farm was Real
The challenger of the cynegtic hunt Part 1
Melody of the Arcade. (FINAL)
Storm of the Century - Part Two
There are creatures stalking me (Part One)The Ultraviolence. (pt.1)
To Those Who Sleep
The Ultraviolence. (chapter 1: the Sun god)
There's Something Wrong With the Deer in Northern Minnesota [part 2]
Nightmare Story
A Flaming Spear Jammed Into My Back
The hospital I started to work at has a 100% success rate (finale)
I Recently Started Working for the United States Census Bureau; I Think they Want our Dead
I House-Sat for my Brother and Discovered Something Horrifying
STAY OUT OF THE BASEMENT (Final)
My Angel
The Wall Knock Ghost part one
Beyond The Glass Window
My Life is a paranormal hot spot (pt 2)
‘Held’
My Life is a Paranormal Hot Spot (pt 2)
I See Things Other People Are Afraid To (PART 2)
Lost in a Labyrinth of Lies
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I just watched Snow White for the first time. So what was the tape I had at home as a child?
Bonfire Night. The Legend of Martin Janus.
Dragon
Bonfire Night. (The Legend of Martin Janus.)
Dear Maya...
I work at A Clothing Shop. I have 4 rules to follow.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I boarded a train to nowhere with one other passenger.
My first horror story
Hiding in plain sight
The Corned Beef at Honey's Deli is To Die For
I thought the news was usually wrong.. but I was scared to find that the people around me were dead. (1)
I’m the first Demon Hunter (pt 1)
I just found out that my family has been keeping a terrible secret from me. [Part 2]
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
A warning and an apology for what I have done, and what I have yet to do.
There are red eyes watching me from everywhere in my house
There are red eyes watching me from everywhere around the house.
Bad dream
Don’t go into Pine view Lake at night
The Cat’s Being Weird Again
fell in love with a criminal
Hiding in plain sight
I hear people screaming
Bad dream
I almost killed myself in my sleep
The sad girl and the tall man
Never Visit The Website smileyfaceheart.red :) ♡
I hope the dark somnium eventually finds this, and reads it on his channel. Can someone recommend this.
The Children With No Name
I'm A Security Guard At A Haunted House Part 4
Pigshit
I work for The Corporation. (Part 2)
The Incident That Made Me Paranoid For Years
Diary of a Blood Baron
My brothers warning about a video he got in his email
Taming The Surreal Mind Part 1
Curse of the typewriter
In The Winter of 1989, My Friends And I Met Someone We Called The Abominable Snowman.
8ight After: if you don't believe, then you have nothing to fear - A Ghost Story with photographic proof -- Part 2
A Superhero has enslaved my town.
08/17/20XX
My boyfriend is missing. Someone, or something, took him.
Melody of the Arcade. (Part 4)
I live in an old haunted Nazi building, and this its story
I’m trapped in my worst fear, that I never realized I had.
I didn't think it could actually happen to me
Never Visit The Website smileyfaceheart.red :) ♡
Never Visit The Deep Web Site smileyfaceheart.onion :) ♡
I Played A Deep Web Game I Never Should Have, Now There Out To Get Me :) ♡
Snow Angels are illegal where I live.
Dangerous creatures live among us. I'm the only one who can spot them.
Do not leave chains under your bed
Banging on the living room door.
My Room Smells Like Bubblegum
The stranger from my dreams is waiting outside.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
There’s Someone Living in my Dollhouse
The Chinese Room Recursion: &gt;./experience seed=MARA.txt
My Mother and My Dog
Shadows in the Smoke
Confessions Of A Fisherman In a Town Called Langurst
Family guy Brian on mushrooms (1k subsribers special)
Somebody left an old TV on my porch, what I saw when I plugged it in left me shaken.
Footsteps outside my door
Have you heard of the Poglin Kids? - My Town's Urban Legend
The Day The Rain Fell Up.
My dog runs in her sleep.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Has anyone else ever seen The Mud Man from the Pacific?
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Subnormal Research
The Screaming Shadow (part 2)
I See Things Other People Are Afraid To (PART 1)
I have found a pathway across the multiverse
H2O Can Be Deadly For You
The shapeless creature
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I just found out that my family has been keeping a terrible secret from me.
Why everybody smile at me ? -1
Wandering with my brother with but an old guitar on our weary backs, a Demon threatens to eat our souls if we don't play the best song in the world.Weird noises coming from neighbors house.
What's That? Episode 2: Filial Children
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I am a Radar Technician on a survelliance plane. We cannot land.
The Sixty-Six (part 1)
There was a certain, Rasp, in his voice.
There was a certain.. Rasp... in his voice
This man followed me home from work. Turns out he's not human
Someone was writing my work experiences into a creepypasta blog
The Sixty-Six (Part1)
what ever happened to those offset personal umbrellas? they just disappeared i think.
Tales From A Lonely Motel: The Virus at the Motel - Part 2
Gambling almost got my daughters killed
The Necklace
What is happening right now.
Smoke in the Mirror *final post🙄😑*
Found a phone at the convenience store I work at and it has a story to tell. (Part 2)
I Didn't Believe in the Paranormal. I should have.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Found a phone at the convenience store I work at and it has a story to tell. (Part II)
She is in the bush
There's a strange newspaper that's only delivered at midnight...(Part 2)
There's a strange newspaper tha'ts only delivered at midnight...(Part 2)
My family owns a resort where the rich hunt people for sport; today I gave the prey a special weapon.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The clown in my house.
I was contracted to help conceal a UFO crash. (Part 3)
The loop
The guard dog of the abandoned Sea Side Hotel
STAY OUT OF THE BASEMENT (FINAL)
I was Healed at Transformative Trepidations Rehab Clinic, but I think I'd Rather not be Sober Anymore
Keep waking up
The stalker
What's the scariest thing that happened whole camping to you?
What's your scary camping story
More than Echoes
I can see again, for the first time in fifteen years
The Ghetto Challenge
LET THEM WATCH
My Experience With Cryptids: The Shadowed
I work for The Corporation. We have a 'psych ward' for one person. (Part 1)
I for The Corporation. Our facility holds a 'psych ward' for one person. (Part 1)
He Keeps Banging His Head on my Door
I Recently Started Working for the United States Census Bereau; And I Think They Want The Dead
There's a Gigantic Spider in My Basement
Would you mind checking out my video
I sent my pain to the river
What's That? Episode 2: Filial Children
Don’t disturb the tents in the woods
What's That? Episode 2: Filial Children
I’m the winter caretaker for an ultra-wealthy neighborhood. One of the houses must've been designed by MC Escher, because I was lost inside for three days.
Stay Out of the Woods in the Alleghenys After Dark
Fire Lookout here, here's some advice
He⃞⃞h⃤ǝlP
I See Things Other People Are Afraid To
Worm
My Grandfather never spoke about his time at war...I wish it had have stayed that way.
Melody of the Arcade. (Part 3)
The goat man
Let Them Watch
The Rats Of Stragview
The wooden bridge
Last night, a door appeared in the field behind my house. I decided to open it.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
EVERY ONE WILL DIE EVEN YOU
I’m sorry if I sound stupid, but these stories are false, right?
The forest
The thing that gives me life
The thing that gives me life
The thing that gives me life
Something seriously wrong is going on at my school. These are the weird new rules they want us to follow.
There's a reason you have to hold your breath going past a cemetery (final)
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
We lost our mother during the South LA riots of 92. This is the haunting account of everything we overcame to bring her back. Final part.
The Rules – Instructions on How to Succeed at Cat Sitting
Karoshi 過労死
I am an investigator of mysterious "liminal spaces". I recently looked in to a young boy who disappeared from his grandmother's tiny guest room [Part 2]
Hunting my Grandfather's ghost
I'm an embalmer who paints symbols on corpses. Then one night, I realized the symbols had power.
I Played The Mall Game, The Prize Was Worth Everything
Never try to meet the ocean men.
There was people at my house at my very long sleep paralysis
Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh im dead
I think I'm having a psychotic episode.
Storm of the Century - Part One
I Think I'm Having a Psychotic Episode.
A kid named Andy
I’m a dentist for monsters. It’s not just teeth they need help with.
Storm of the Century - Part One
Storm of the Century - Chapter One
My Experience With Cryptids
A Night in Forest Park (True Story)
I went to the Chernobyl exclusion zone. We found a man who was brutally crucified.
What's That? Episode 2: Filial Children
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Past in the present
I woke up from a nightmare but I couldn't feel the floor (Part 1)
There's a reason you have to hold your breath going past a cemetery (final)
I can’t sleep
I will never hold another seance as long as I liveFound a phone at the convenience store I work at and it has a story to tell.
I Work At A Haunted Hotel
Top 10 Dark web warning signs of data breach - dark web monitoring: preventing a data breach
The shapeless creature
Our Neighborhood Water Slide Wasn't What I Expected
I Think Our Universes Traded Places. Please Seek Me Out Immediately.
Our Time Is Almost Up. They Are Coming Back.
I called 911 and told them to send the S.W.A.T team on me
Whispering Hills (pt 2)
I'm obsessed with a placed called Frog Town, USA
LEECHES
Her
Thunder Bird
Phantom Ménage of Unit 30
The forever dark
She's going to kill me
(1) Message from “Life Support”
Mr. Chatter Would Love To Tailor You
The Secret Language of All Things
Something was Raiding My Mom's Garden. Dad Thought it was Rabbits. It wasn't.
She's going to kill me.
8ight After: if you don't believe, then you have nothing to fear -- Part 1
Disney After Dark: Let There be Light...in Space Mountain
The Perfect Guide to The Zombie Apocalypse
The Basement Kitchenette of Discarded Things
The Perfect Guide To The Zombie Apocalypse
What's That? Episode 1: The Importance of Responsibility
IMPORTANT MESSAGE! PLEASE READ!
NoSleep Podcast Drinking Game
A Fairer Folk Than Us
My paranormal experience.
The Good Boy
Jack's Time Machine
My interesting past paranormal experience.
Tonight, I'm working overtime in my office. I keep hearing strange noises.
My family owns a resort where the rich hunt people for sport; for the first time in a long time, I think I want the prey to win.
Pain. Suffering. Death. Repeat.
I will burn the world
Phantom Ménage of Unit 30
Little Black Beads
I have sleep paralysis.....
The Red Eyed 'Thing' Haunts the Odd Shaped House on Linnview Avenue
Paradisal Sequence
The Forest Part 1
I have to participate in a ritual to appease a deadly entity, and I don't think it's going to like my offering.
I found a hidden closet in my home yesterday and now I'm having weird dreams (Part Two)
The Forest part 1
Phantom Ménage of Unit 30
Melody of the Arcade. (Part 2)
DD3319
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
kx88r1.iso
If you ever play marbles against Walter Hannah, don't say a word.
Tanning bed tried to suck out my soul
I'm A Security Guard For A Haunted House (Part 3)
Beyond the Glass Window
Recommendations
The Woodland Whistler
Mister Blue Sky
House Keeping Journals: Screaming into the void
Birds
The Silent Ritual
Whispering Hills (pt 2)
Why I retired from Pest Control!
No Regular Flu
I have been living in this village for 4 years, outside it things are different
Some Rules Aren't Meant to be Broken
Anybody familiar with YellowBricc Road
The eagle is here
the eagle is watching
I’m in my wife’s grave... It’s not very comfortable
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I Have an Angel's Heart
THE BIG LIE
We lost our mother during the South LA Riots of 92. This is the haunting account of everything we overcame to bring her back.- Part 4.
The Darkness.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
kx88r1.iso
The evening that I can never forget
the 13 rules i dont waver from
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
My girlfriend committed suicide in my bedroom
The Evening that I can never forget
Hentai Puzzle Game Review
When I was a kid, my dad kept a second family in our basement.
I'm a fisherman, and I picked up a bottle in the net yesterday. There were a few rotten pages in it - pretty old and stiff paper, but crumbling all the same. Cuttlefish blood had been used for ink. With the years crossed out for reference, here is what they say.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Dear Diary, They're All Dead
3 things i never forget
Overnight
3 things i never forget
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The Smiths' Game
Father, what is a screwdriver?
Father, where is the screw driver?
Life is like a house you build to live in.
Can blue light blocking glasses help sleep?
I found a pathway through the multiverse
The Spaceman
THE BEGINNINGI forgot to break up with Eddie. Was I supposed to?
Potty mouth Patriarch is a clown who tells the future...
THE BEGINNING
Phosphine Detected in the Atmosphere of Venus. They Have It Wrong.
THE END
There's a reason you have to hold your breath going past a cemetery (part 2)
There's a reason you have to hold your breath going past a cemetery (part 2)
This happens to me too. While reading this post, I heard the drip became very loud and rapid outside my window
AMIGO
The Sleepless People Are Wrong And Twisted And Stare At Me From The Dark
Woody *toy story*
Woody
Woody *toy story*
My name is Adam and I am an addict. It's been three days since I last died.
Woody *toy story* (Chapter 1)
There's Something Wrong With the Deer in Northern Minnesota [part 1]
Woody (toy story)
My friend's grandpa died so I offered to help organize his things. We found what might be the most unsettling PSA I have ever heard. Audio included.
My friend's grandpa died so I helped him organize his things. We found what may be the most unsettling PSA I have ever heard in my entire life. Audio included.
I cant sleep regurarly
Woody (toy story)
The Girl with a Curse
There's Something Wrong With the Deer in Northern Minnesota [part 1]
When I was abducted by aliens, invasive probing was the least of my worries.
Miss Cushion
Whispering Hills (pt 1)
I met the monster in the woods, and there are things out here worse than him (part 2)
Among Us
It's County Fair Season
I Hate the Thin Walls in My Apartment
Wiggle stick
Curiosity killed the cat
A woodworker story
Recording In Progress
Was I abducted by Aliens?
The man in my basement takes one step closer every week.
I am a Sheriff's Deputy in Bull's Heart, Texas. Part 2.
I had an experience I can't explain.
My fiance never liked taking photos with me.
She Follows Me (Part 2)
Family Guy-Good day
Family Guy-Good day
podcast looking for scary stories
DON'T LISTEN TO THE RADIO
Oh oh 💀
I had an experience I cannot explain.
Podcast looking for stories
Melody of the Arcade.
I had an experience I cannot explain.
Life and Death at the Mullins Funeral Home Pt II
Podcast looking for stories
How to eat yourself in seven days.
I’m Never Swimming in the Quarry Again
I went hiking and I think this cave I found leads to Hell
Podcast broadcasting
I’m in my wife’s grave... It’s not very comfortable
Shadow man
I fear to fall asleep again
I Hunt Dimensional Intruders On Behalf Of The United States Government
The sun never rose on our hunting trip.
There's a strange newspaper that's only delivered at midnight...
The Circle: jester
Every Family in Town Has a Curse - Part Three
A story i need to find,
Stars from the Deep
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I am a Sheriff's Deputy in Bull's Heart, Texas. Part 2.
The Devils Philosophy, The First Retrospective
Stars from the Deep
In my old town, they said devils walked among men on the streets. today, one arrived at my doorstep.
Every Family in Town Has a Curse - Part Three
Dr. Morrigan's Case Files: Ryan and the Dream Weaver
I Learned How To Write A Horror Story The Hard Way
This is not a healing pool. Dashing hopes and dreams, in a single-engine Cessna
This is not a healing spring. Dashing hopes and dreams, in a single-engine Cessna
A Peculiar Suit of Armor.
A Serial Killer Keeps Knocking Off My Classmates
My mom and uncle spotter an apparition over a video call
Gateway in Green Hell
We lost our mother during the South LA Riots of 92. This is the haunting account of everything we overcame to bring her back.- Part 3
I was abused in a hospital
The Horrors of Supercenter
My mon and uncle spotted an apparition over a video call
Then, They Ate Themselves
The Canopy and Stars will kill you.
I am investigator of inexplicable "Liminal Spaces". These are the tales of Hell's Hallways
Don’t run, they like to chase
I worked for an organization who have a project to end the human race.
Impossible Year
THE PRESENCE THAT WAITS FOR ME AT NIGHT
Distance learning sucks for my mental health, but this is so much worse
I found a hidden closet in my home today (Part One)
Camp Wanahee (Part 9)
CheerBleeder
Something in the smoke
NoSleep Interview with Mandahrk!
Are you still watching 'The Saga of The Little Girl With No Tongue'?
Between Twilights
She Follows Me (Pt. 2)
Replay Gladys Knight and Patti LaBelle’s Verzuz BattleAIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The local McDonalds doesn't have big macs on the menu, now I know why.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I think I should break up with Eddie, but I forget why...
Shadow Man in trench coat Stalking my dreams for the last 5 years. Demon? Spirit? Help!
My friend 𝑨𝒏𝒅𝒚
Brazilian sand dunes can stink horribly
I Am Afraid of the Dark
I remember everything so vividly.. like the smell.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I’ve never seen anyone else in my office, until today (FINAL)
I remember it so vividly.
Taste
I remember everything so vividly
Wheres your safe place? Mines a place almost Everybody Dreads.!
I woke to a person's face peeking out of my bathroom
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Lost in the woods
fishing used to be relaxing
My whole life all I ever wanted was a kitten.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The time my father came upon an illegal horse farm
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The Click
My Best Friend Philip Keeps Messaging Me
The Click
My mom and uncle spotted an apparition over a video call
The Cycle Begins Once More.
A Trip in a Haunted Car
ANTHOLOGY PODCAST SUBMISSION
Disney After Dark
Billy's Lane
Disney After Dark
i heard something when i was little
Shortly after their sons are born, the fathers of my family mysteriously disappear.
Roses
My Friends and I Broke Into the Local Pumpkin Patch
He titled it, Purpose
Roses
The illegal horse farm my father stumbled across.
Belonging
Deeper [Part Two]
My world is shrinking, and I’m afraid it might happen to you too.
I work at a train station that services unusual destinations. For the first time, I boarded one of the trains.
There's something crawling on me.
Running Hotel Hell
There’s a human on top of my bed
I'm A Security Guard At A Haunted House (Part 2)
A Wormhole was seen Five Miles above Glacier National Park
Cords
There's a reason you have to hold your breath going past a cemetery (part 1)
There's a reason you have to hold your breath going past a cemetery (1/2)
I will never go to my grandparents house again
I found a pathway to the multiverse
I lost my son in a freak accident twenty years ago, and now he's a king
What just happened? Please help.
We loved paranormal stories
What just happened? Please help.
A Strange Phenomenon has been occurring over Glacier National Park.
I can see things in mirrors
Summer camp
The Tree in the Hall, and the Fear that Followed
My teacher doesn't ever leave my school. I think I just found out why.
The Personalized End
I found a flash drive and now there is people after me
Life and Death at The Mullins' Funeral Home Pt I
Every Family in Town Has a Curse - Part Two
Lost in the woods
Read, and Dolly Parton will never sound the same.
My wife and I used a sperm donor. I think there might be something wrong with the baby.
My Roommate Keeps Screaming Every Night
He got my friends, now he’s after me
I had a Near-Death Experience. Here's 10 tips to help you survive one.
It starts with an itch...
Please respect your Domovoi.
Today I will be narrating a creepy story, accepting submissions.
I am a teenage cart narc, but today I learned never to call middle-aged women boomers.
Mermaids
Little Cara Weeks Tasted Oh So Sweet
We lost our mother during the South LA Riots of 92. This is the haunting account of everything we overcame to bring her back.- Part 2.
They bleed my words.
They bleed my words.
They bleed my words.
They bleed my words.
They bleed my words.
To The Owners
This in not a healing pool and that is not a holy man
I met a man at the carnival
I'm a commentator for a tournament of nightmares. The only thing they fear is her.
Billy
Nazi Germany has reached Stalingrad, we have to evacuate.
Nuclear Saturday
strange flute noise at night
The Spinder
What's That? Episode 1: The Importance Of Responsibility
Gremlins
What's That? Episode 1: The Importance of Responsibility
Me and My friends summoned the Jangling King!
Gate-crashing an underwear model’s funeral might not have been a bad idea, but I really shouldn't have stolen his Rolex.
This is not a suicide note, it is a warning“Hey! My eyes are up HERE!”, the ghost of the underwear model glared at me and crossed his arms.
Boneyard
Can’t sleep because of drugs
Our landlord keeps showing our apartment with barely any notice, what can we do? NJ
It all started with a headache
I hope my cousin made up this campfire story
Church Bells Ringing At Night
Lost in the woods
My fiance's sleeping habits are getting stranger
Part of my story, seeking answers
part of my story, looking for answers
The Devil's Philosophy, Season 1 Episode 2
Did I invite something in?
The Nursing Home I'm Working At Has A Very Strange List of Rules
I had a Near-Death Experience. Here's 10 tips that might help you survive yours.
I Woke Up In Bed And I Don't Remember Who I Am [Part 1]
Never play slither.io without some sort of protection
WAKE UP
They want it back
If I had known
I keep going to a place that doesn’t exist.
The dream.
They want it back
My friend started streaming again after two years, his room looks a lot different now.
Streaming services are destroying my friend's mind.
Mermaids
I returned to my old home, this night had a ravenous chase and a hilarious end. (Part 4)
I’ve had the weirdest week (Part 1)
One Step Behind. Part Two.
If I Leave, I Will Die [Part 1]
I am calling to all Kinrai to rise up. The humans have chosen war
The Threat!
Stay away from the suburbs in Michigan (Part 4)
The White Hound
The Habitsville Planetarium Presents: A Night Amongst The Stars
Old House Underwater
Russian Roulette, but without a gun
Roses
I got roasted at a live comedy show, and it ruined my life
Factory Fear
They want it back
The dogs in my town aren't dogs anymore.
The Bellevue house
How I got my dogs
My mum and grandma disappeared when they turned 40. I’m 39. My birthday is coming up.
My Boss was a Sadist.
Blackwater
Whistle at the Window
Whistle at the window
I'm an aquarium employee, and I've discovered a secret passageway in the dark- one that only appears to me.
Blackwater
They want it back
I Just Witnessed The End Of The World, Do Not Believe What The Goverment Tells You
The Pale Ones - My First Time Spelunking (Part 1)
My Best Friend is A Demon, and Together We Hunt Monsters
I have a new little sister
I have a new little sister
The Pale Ones - A Spelunking Story (Part 1: The Cave Mouth)
I have a new little sister
Hell On Wheels pt 1
One Droplet Was All It Took
The Family That Lives North Of The North Pole
I think my cat is possessed
I love My pets but I think my cat is trying to kill me (repost)
My Imaginary Friend
The Day of The Market Fair or Why you should always leave flowers for your loved deceased ones
I went on a cruise, and i cant wait to go back!
I went on a cruise, and i can't wait to go back!
The Day of The Market Fair (or Why you should always leave flowers for your diseased loved ones)
I went on a cruise, and i just cant wait to go back!
I dont know where to post this
I went on a cruise, but it wasn't exactly relaxing.
Russian roulette, but not with a gun
Fucked up fishing incident in the middle of nowhere
I'm A Security Guard At A Haunted House (Part 1)
Paranoia
My new employer gave me one rule. I should've followed it.
It was September 11th 2020...
Every Family in Town Has a Curse - Part One
I'm private security on a major local tourist attraction. I just saw the weirdest shit ever.
I witnessed a murder. I helped get rid of the body.
F(r)iends
We lost our mother during the South LA Riots of 92. This is the haunting account of everything we overcame to bring her back.
My Husband And I Bought An Abandoned Psychiatric Hospital, Everything Was Going Well Until It Didn't.
We lost our Mother during the South LA Riots of 92. This is the haunting account of what we overcame to bring her back.
The Hunt
Staying off the dark web won't keep you safe anymore. Follow these rules online, or you'll be their next target.
There is something in my walls.
When the Trains Stop
My best friend is a parakeet
The Hunt
Heart-warming moment two Memphis students hand a bag of their own clothes to a freshman after he was bullied for wearing the same thing every day h
The Owl...
Why you runnin’?!
Monster
Nothing good ever happens at a crossroads. And we had to wait there for the bus one night.
CHANGE THE SYSTEM
Don't Trust the Abandoned Hotel
Tales From A Lonely Motel: The Virus at the Motel - Part 1
My twin brother disappeared. I'm the only one who remembers him.Someone stole my body, and I know who.
The Children In The Alleyway
The Floating Family
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The Chonk
Little bird, Little bird Part 3 final.
The Chonk (TW-Animal violence)
A Scratching at the Door (part 2)
Jannety is a drunk that won't stop dying (pt2)
How to Survive Camping: when land becomes ancient
My grandfather's palaeontology notes
I returned to my old home, this night had a ravenous chase and a hilarious end. (Part 4)
They keep calling me
Everybody loves Fall
I lost four hours last night.
They keep calling me
They keep calling me
I can use mirrors to get to wherever in the world I want. One day I got stuck inside the mirror.
The Cabin
The Erebus Project
I bought a new house and there is something down there in my basement
There is a video on YouTube that will show you your future.
My Friends and I Explored the Now Abandoned Community We Used to Live At, the Creatures There Do Terrifying Things.
I Can Never Look Up Again
My Schizophrenia Woman Wasn't Just A Hallucination
Review for The Devil's Philosophy, Season 1 Episode 1
The storm that washed everyone away
Billy Finds a Body by the Lake [Part 1]
Broken pieces
BEWARE: DO NOT download the "Curio" dating app!
I think the stories about the woods I live in are true
I got a job at a lighthouse. The rules are simple... part 1
I Keep Running into a Player in Offline Games
Running man
A fantasy horror novel entitled: Max and the Life-Givers
The boat
Dear Mom
In my town, the better you are the bigger you are (Part 2)
Dear Mom
I was contracted to help conceal a UFO crash. (Part 2)
I found entries in my journal that weren't mine.
I Love My Pets But I Think My Cat Is Trying To Kill Me
Hi I'm Timmy, read this and help mommy and daddy find me! Thank you!
2 story’s one wholesome one that makes my blood chill
Il Signore di Scungilli - The Scungilli Man
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I sold my own shadow. I had to pay a monthly fee to get it back.
Just moved into a new neighborhood. Weird stuff is going on.
I could feel the presence of invisible beings, it was terrifying... (PART 1)
An Open Letter to My Therapist About the Thing that Follows Me
Tales From a Small Town: Alien lights above the hills
I Went to Disney World... I Don't Think I'll Ever go Back
In my town, the better you are the bigger you are. (Part 2)
Memoirs of an Incubus Part One
In my town, the bigger you are the better you are. (Part 2)
What They Are Doing At The Christian Camp Is Not Normal, And Sharing This Story Might Put Me On There Watch List
Taxes
GET TO KNOW
I was hired to kill a child rapist and I found a child but it wasn’t a child at all Part 1
Tic Tac Toe
What They Are Doing At The Christian Camp Is Not Normal, And Sharing This Story Might Put Me On There Watch List
Something is happening at Crookwood State Penitentiary...
I am trapped in a gas station bathroom.
I am currently driving home and I keep seeing the same gas station I need help.
What Needs Be Done
When a horror author's work starts to bleed over into real life: a physical object from my latest project is now in my kitchen.
The McDonald’s that Saved my Life, Maybe
When a horror author's work starts to bleed over into real life: a physical object from my latest project is now in my kitchen.
Go to Sleep, or else
Il Signore di Scungilli - The Scungilli Man
Il Signore di Scungilli (The Scungilli Man)
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
My dead mom thinks I'm a loser. She might have a point.
I am a contract killer and I didn't do my research on one target. (Part 2)
My dead mom thinks I'm a loser. She kind of has a point.
Wolf man horror
If you're ever at the Covenwood Hotel, don't stay in Room 371.
I bought a new house and there is something down there in the basement.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The Crash
Man waltzing alone along the road at night - episode help?!
13 Years Ago, I Didn’t Know What Was Lurking in the Woods (Part 2)
The Crash (short story)
A monster has turned my own body and everyone against me
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
If I'd Only Known
The Unknown Disease that nearly killed me
I created something in my lab - last night I set her free.
r/paranormalsss do you have some paranormal story? Or want to read or see something really weird go and join our community! (Sorry for posting this if you dont wanna join ignore this please) Paranormalsss
Blue Boogeyman Tales
I don't have a reflection any more
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Blue Boogeyman Diaries
Don't let the last light go out
What if? 👀
Streaming services are destroying my friend's mind.
Man in the mirror
A Strange Witchcraft Experience, ADVICE NEEDED
It's in the WaterTrees have long memories...
My dead mom hates my guts. She's probably right.
I regret being a babysitter (Part 1)
The log line that should not be
Crackhoe hours
The Man in the Black Hat
My fiance's sleeping habits keep me up at night.
Where's Sarah?
War Without Rain
I felt like it was never human
2 story’s one wholesome one that makes my blood chill
The log line that should not be
I felt like it was never human
I eat cat shit.
Song of the Sea [Part 1]
Deeper
lol
Now I See You
Check out and share some AMAZING photography content only on Redbubble!
I want to violently murder my friends. Reddit, AITA?
Zombie Roo
I want to violently murder all of my friends. Reddit, AITA?
A Scratching at the Door (part 2)
A Scratching at the Door (part 1)
Jannety is a drunk who won't stop dying (pt.2)
There's a Predator in My Woods That Don't Belong
A Scratching at the Door (part 1 of 2)
I didn't think she would go that far.
Black Willow
A dying man’s last wish.
When i was little i fell and hurt myself. I should not have recovered.
There's a reason why although I was born in 1888, my tombstone hasn't been updated with my date of death.
there's a monster under my bed
"it's not human."
something terrifying lives under my bed
Madeline lives in the walls
My sister and I are staying at my uncle's lake house. She found a treasure map that's leading us to something sickening - Part 7
The man who wanted to eat my brother ( just keep reading and you will understand everything pls dont close this trust me)
You mustn't let their whispers get to you.
Interconnected Lives: Natasha Bricken/Micheal Bricken
there's something terrifying under my bed
PLS SOMEONE HELP WITH MY NIGHTMARES
I used to sleepwalk as a kid. Sometimes the scariest things are in the most normal of places.
My Weird Dreams I've been having and Possible Secrets behind My Family's Past
STAY OUT OF THE BASEMENT. UPDATE 2
Choose your movies wisely
My eternal love for Helena
Void
I heard a man call out to me and I wondered where he'd be. But the man who called was nowhere, nowhere I could see
Bath Time
I work at a train station that services unusual destinations. Last night a passenger exploded.
My uncle’s experience with the Men in Black
The man i ran over has come back to ruin my life
Nocturnal Majesty
Frozen and Alone
A Meteor Crashed Outside My House. Whatever is Inside of It Is Still Alive.
The House I Inherited Is Haunted
[Help Quickly] The House I Inherited Is Haunted
The Flash
My beloved Bess, please share my story with the Father, he will know what to do.
We've Created a Monster
The Witch Of Youth
To My Old 4th Grade Classmates in Mrs.Barther’s Biology Class. Lock Your Doors [FINAL]
White noise seemed like a good solution
My dog doesn't bark
I am Alive. Please send help.
I know where humanity comes from and I need you to listen before it's too late.
The Fall, the Triumph
The Moment of Triumph (?)
In my town, the better you are the bigger you are.
What to do at a motel for a month?
I hate when grandma toys with me.
I'm in a IRL Creepypasta
I'm in an IRL creepypasta
Jannety is a drunk who won't stop dying...
I'm in an IRL creepypasta
I'm in a IRL creepypasta
I'm living in a IRL creepypasta
I'm living in an IRL creepypasta
I can’t sleep
Go Back To Sleep
I was contracted to help conceal a UFO crash. I think they're hiding something much worse.
Mr. Creep [Part 1]
White noise helps me sleep...until...
Don't go into the mist on Halloween
I know where humanity comes from and I need you to listen before it's too late.
My Sweet....
My Sweet Victim
Go Back To Sleep
I just want to make you happy. But women around me keep dying. (Part 4)
My Sweet Victim
My sweet victim.
The Dream World
We always have to keep at least one light on in our house. The last one just went out...
The Witness Box
there’s a smell coming from my basement.
I am being haunted my the man i ran over, he ruined my life
Tales From a Small Town: Where I've seen the fleshy things before
Feeding Time
The ApartmentRoyal
The Funeral Home that I Work at has a Strange List of Rules Pt. II
I got revenge on my bullies. Now I, and everyone else, will pay the price.
I used to work for a logging company
I got revenge on my bullies. Now I, and everyone else, will pay the price.
An urban legend lives in my basement. There's a reason it likes cell phones.
Have you ever seen the void of space up close?
Insomnia in the heart of the night
have you ever seen the void of space?
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Someone listen to me, I am trapped in the pasture of the farm, in another world. I am not alone.
A message from a friend.
Time and Meaning
A petrifying parsley worm
I recently installed a Ring doorbell camera. It keeps detecting things that aren't there.
My friends went to an abandoned place today
Mr. Lakavote
The visitor
The noise
I stopped growing hairs in my gum hole, teeth in my wound, and fingernails in my scalp (PART 5)
Story request
Not a story, but a request to use stories for an event
Every year, someone in my family receives a new curse.
This wasn't the first time Roland died...
I'm In Apart 3C, Please Help Me.
The Wolf Child
We will all die tonight
I'm slowly turning into my dead sister.
I’m Wearing My Dad’s Fiancé’s Dead Son’s Jacket
When Death Came to Town!
Karma seems to be real (part 2)
Weird shadows in my apartment when I turn my red light on
Taxi Passengers: The Old Couple
The Floating Family
I keep waking up to my fingers disappearing. Now I am down to just five and a half and I still don't know why.
Time is a sound without space. Feeling Death Nearby.
i was used as a satanic figure , I'm writing this while i still can.
I always want to deep sleep and going heaven through my dream.
The Witches and Warlocks of River Leaf (Story 2)
A Grammy Can't Help But Worry
A Grammy Can't Help But Worry
Work Is Hell
A Grammy can't help but worry
Hair.
Reading my father's journals led me to become possessed by unhearable words, but I met a mad genius who might be able to help (Part 5)
I think I met a man that cannot die and now i'm scared
This cold gust of wind makes my gut feel sick
I never should have quit meth. That was when I started seeing the little blue men everywhere again.
UFF
I’ve never seen anyone else in my office, until today (Part 3)
My Great Grandmother opened a portal to hell and cursed all the women in my family
My Great Grandmother opened a portal to hell in her home and cursed all the women in our family
"Thank you, Mr.Scooby-Doo Slippers"
My Girlfriend Can't Stop Drinking!
My life was perfect until a couple of weeks ago
My life was perfect until a couple of weeks ago
If you see a human, run. Here’s why.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
When he appeared
If you could curate six No Sleep stories into an anthology book or tv series (Single Stories, No Series) which would you pick?
Lost in the woods
Lost in the woods
NOWE Semeru - Dream Music
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I have a virus and I don’t know what to do
the ferris wheel
I don't like it when the lights turn red.
The Auction
I’ve been hired to find a lost satanical painting. Unexplainable things have started happening since I began my search. part 3.
I was a wrestler. Here's my strangest story.
I was a wrestler. He's my strangest story
Please Help Me
Can anyone help with my last dream?
The Cookie Jar
Can anyone explain my dream?
I have a request about your stories... going to write a book with them
STAY OUT OF THE BASEMENT. (UPDATE)
I have a parasite that should not exist, and it desperately wants to get out.
The first rain
Read This If Involved With S.C.P
If You Give Him A Tooth, He'll Play You A Memory
Black Eyed Children (Part 2 if this doesn't completely fail)
Every night that it rains, a spiralling staircase appears in my room. Tonight, I’ve decided to climb it.
The New Teacher
I met the monster in the woods, and there are things out here worse than him (part 1)
The New Teacher (My First Story)
Stay away from the suburbs in Michigan (Part 3)
If you read this. You are not safe.
The Prophet
Don't Play With Cursed Things.
Black Eyed Children
Eyes Full of Splinters
Black Eyed Children
Black Eyed Children
The Stick Man
Has anyone heard of the silent screamers?
I cannot have been the only person who saw the man-sized, anthropomorphic Moth on the subway station this morning. I'm terrified by what it means.
The little girl in white
What's scarier?
Santa gave me something that MADE ME SUICIDEChanging
The Change
Wildfire
5 short horror stories
The Old-growth Forest
I felt like it was never human
It's time
Just a thought while high
mirrors
Don't Hold Play With Cursed Things.
I know why we never returned to the Moon
Hunters of Vermont Chapter One the beast of the Green Mountains
Hunters of Vermont Chapter One the beast of the Green Mountains
Juliana went missing last year (part two)
Pretty
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Roadkill
Tales From a Small Town: That one "haunted" house
Pretty
Pretty
A Love Letter to Covid
The Trail is why I stopped hiking.
I Found The Video Diaries Of A Missing Girl
I cannot have been the only person to have seen the large, anthropomorphic Moth on the subway this morning.
DON’T GO INTO THE LIGHT
Daddy or Mommy
When Everyone Knows
The Funeral Home I Work at Has a Strange List of Rules
REAL LIFE PARANORMAL INVESTIGATION RESEARCH NOTES &amp; EXPLANATION OF THE EXISTENCE OF SUPERNATURAL PHENOMENON &amp; ENTITIES | DEMONS, DJINNS, DEITIES, SPIRITS, GHOSTS, ANGELS, VAMPIRES, ZOMBIES | PROTECTION AGAINST EVIL| EXORCISM | POSSESSION | SPELLS &amp; MUCH MORE
CROSSROADS DEMON DEALS | SELLING YOUR SOUL
Inside Job
I met a Spirit and now have to pass a trial (Part 3)
I returned to my old childhood home. The game room is terrifying.
I think I met an immortal man and now i'm scared!
Please read this post.
REAL LIFE PARANORMAL INVESTIGATION RESEARCH NOTES &amp; EXPLANATION OF THE EXISTENCE OF SUPERNATURAL PHENOMENON &amp; ENTITIES | DEMONS, DJINNS, DEITIES, SPIRITS, GHOSTS, ANGELS, VAMPIRES, ZOMBIES | PROTECTION AGAINST EVIL| EXORCISM | POSSESSION | SPELLS &amp; MUCH MORE
Lily. (CREEPYPASTA ON SWEDISH)
How to be a doomer?
1-800-Exorcism
Spiral out. Keep going.
A Trip Down Memory Lane
I've Always hated Cats
I’m A Vampire and I Investigate the Supernatural. The Police Asked Me To Look Into A String of Murders
I was a mercenary in Afghanistan, my last mission was killing a demon.
That Blurry Faced Woman
Do you know what happens to a body after it falls off a building?
I have Raynaud’s, and I’m about to be buried alive.
The Death Ship, Mary Elizabeth
approx 2,520 to 24,120 in 1 hour without investment
Omen by HP Obelisk Gaming Desktop Computer, 9th Generation Intel Core i9-9900K Processor, NVIDIA GeForce RTX 2080 SUPER 8 GB, HyperX 32 GB RAM, 1 TB SSD, VR Ready, Windows 10 Home (875-1023, Black) Only 6 left in stock - order soon.
Your Demons Within
I was displaced from my home.
The Doe
I get calls at night.
I work in retail at the corner store. We make the world's best sausages. I guarantee it.
I jumped forward in time and saw The End of The World.
The Nothing
Why is that on the Television: Unsettling Edition!
I think there’s something haunting my town, or at least my family (part 2)
The Beasts of the Deep
Jealousy is Man's way of explaining evil.
Sleep Paralysis Demon
I’ve never seen anyone else in my office, until today (Part 2)
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Separation Anxiety
I’ve never seen anyone else in my office, until today (Part 2)
I might have sold my soul to Hollywood today? |Part 1|
I think the devil's growing inside me and is about to tear itself out of my body. I have fingernails growing out of my scalp ... and there are still teeth in my hand and hairs in my gum hole. (PART 4)
gello human
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Separation Anxiety
Going crazy with fear
The maple vampires [Part 1]
I’m going crazy with guilt
The Girl of Forgotten Soul Forest
We looked for a dead hillbilly’s money
My Friend And Her Coincidences 2
9 Miles To Pierce The Veil
Little bird, Little bird part 2
Don't Watch Tape Number 5
I did a thing i never did in my entire life please read
I’m a time traveler from the year 2034
Someone stole my body, and who know what they’ll do.
I got a very weird fetish and for the first time in my life i did something just for it
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Time stood still for just a moment, to me it was an eternity. [Part 1]
They wanted to see her fail. She disappointed them
Smoke in the Mirror pt 1&amp;2
something weird happened.
Smoke in the Mirror pt 1 &amp; 2
I’ve been hired to find a lost satanical painting. Unexplainable things have started happening since I began my search. Part 2.
Murder in Moon Hollow (final)
My name is Amiel Weber, and I’m stuck in the body of a rabbit.
A figure I keep seeing outside my window
I got put into another dimension for detention one time.
30+ Kids Have Died Because Of This Toy
Awake
I'm AWOL from the US Air Force. Telling this story is signing my own death warrant- but it needs to be told.
I’m AWOL (US Air Force). Telling this story is signing my own death warrant- but it needs to be told.
The Office Just Got InterestingTime stood still for just a moment, to me it felt like an eternity [Part 1]
The Video Camera
Once it gets in your head, there’s nothing you can do (Part 1)
Don’t get the pool water in your mouth
Life At The Office Just Got Interesting
Don’t get the pool water get in your mouth
A Corpse’s Mistake
There is something wrong with my newsfeed
I Found a Healthy Respect for the Outdoors.
I have seen something in my house, after everything changed.
STAY AWAY FROM THE BASEMENT. (Part 1)
Greensleeves
WHO REMEMBERS THIS GIRL?!?!?
If an angel asks you to come with them, run away! The omen
something weird happened.
Stay inside. Don't come in contact or look at the sun.
I work as a guard at an abandoned warehouse and some very weird stuff is happening
Raised By Doves
I was recruited to work on an A.I, it knew more than we programmed it to.
Together Forever
30+ Kids Have Died Because Of This Toy
I just want to make you happy. But women around me keep dying. (Part 3)
Tales From a Small Town: The monsters in the mountains aren't the only danger in there
My new step-father-in-law
In the name of God
I See Fire
Dont play with dolls late at night
Our local grocery store sold products that don’t exist and I’ve never been more hungry in my life
help
The Backyard House
I found some cassette tapes while burying my dog, this is the second tape
Wendigos Horror Story in Hindi Fiest Time
It was just the cat...
I found a journal near an old western ghost town, it's dated 1867, I think the author saw Her
I listened to my friends die over the phone
One Step Behind. Part One.
I've been receiving weird messages as part of a game I never signed up for.
Scream - Episode 1
I’m a commentator for a tournament of nightmares. The hunt is over.
The Cowboy In The Flesh
Gut feeling
I met a Spirit and now have to pass a trial (Part 2)
I met a Spirit and now have to pass a trial (Part 2) (Minor Gore warning)
Fuck Sock Puppets
Not Just A Matter Of Numbers
Mammoth Feed Blue Lagoon
I got jumped by 8 men on Father’s Day 2014.
New story idea
Listen to the Medicine Men
The underground levels
I found something I shouldn't and I regret thinking I could be a Hero - Part 1
Suffocated by Flies
I keep finding dead animals on my doorstep
A NIGHT TO REMEMBER
My grandfather's would get drunk and tell war stories. This one stayed with me!
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Looking for someone:&lt;
We just wanted a fresh start...
I’ve Been Paid to Guard a Room I’m Not Allowed to Enter
Have You Seen Sarah?
I love talking
A cave in the woods.
He Still Watches Me Sleep Every Night.
Smoke in the Mirror pt 3
Smoke in the Mirror pt 2/3
Smoke in the Mirror pt 1/3
Chuck-E-Cheese Fun House
No sleep writting guide
My Animal Spirit
Let’s get to know eachother .
🤔🤔Demonic Rituals? Maybe. Paranoia? I Pray it is. 🤔🤔
Permission for uploading your work on my YouTube channel
The Black Book
Elevator, a short story by me
Welcome
The Untold Story of the Chameleon Killer.
The Untold Story of the Chameleon Killer.
The House Next Door
I’ve never seen anyone else in my office, until today (Part 1)
It only comes when I'm drinking.
Spinning Circles- a horror story part 1
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The Watchers
it’s so late and I’m boooooored
I never thought I'd see the day that the White House burned to the ground...
Splish-Splash
I was recruited to work on an A.I, it knows more than we intended it to.
My sister's haunted porcelain doll.
There is a strange tune that only i can hear.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Nails
Splish-Splash
What if the greatest trick the devil ever pulled was convincing the world that the Bible was the word of God?
What if the greatest trick the devil ever pulled was convincing the world that the Bible was the word of God?
My camping buddy didn't appreciate me taking his skin.
I always thought my dad gave shitty life advice.
i think someone is coming after me
My soulmate isn't human.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!I Used to be a Stay at Home Mom
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
There are teeth growing out of my wound ... and there's still hair in my gum hole. (PART 3)
This is not the Nightmare I expected my job to be
Necromancer For Hire
The Butternut Bakery Does Not Serve Human Flesh
Sup BroMine
If you see this you cool this is the owner of BroMine...
There Is A Hidden Video On Netflix Called Congratulations38.avi
The boardgame and the ghost. I guess? Even this thing doesn't have the game's name
There Is A Hidden Video On Netflix Called Congratulations38.avi
I met a spirit and now have to pass a trial (Part 2) (Minor Gore warning)
Murder in Moon Hollow (part 2)
My Friend Didn't Follow The Rules, Now He's Missing (4)
I’ve been hired to find a lost satanical painting. Unexplainable things have started happening since I began my search.
Lockdown
There's hair growing out of my gum hole ... and my grandma brings to me to the "Black Room" to prepare for a ritual (PART 3)
My Friend Didn't Follow the Rules, Now He's "Missing" (4)
Little Bird, Little Bird Part 1
Stay away from the suburbs in Michigan (Part 2)
Witches Valley at Fort Fareham
Cubicle Farm
Today I Met the Devil, Tomorrow I Meet God
A story I wrote
Wrote this last night
This is what happens when a school Janitor takes their own life.
Uncle Jack (part one)
So,every night I swear I see something in my home after I go to bed,to be fair I am only 16, is it just my imagination or could somebody be living in my home?
I can't sleep, any medical reasons?
There Is A Hidden Video On Netflix Called Congratulations38.avi
There Is A Hidden Video On Netflix Called Congratulations38.avi
Tales From a Small Town: I know the secret of the most feared man in town
My Friend Didn't Follow the Rules, Now He's Missing (4)
I met a Spirit and now have to pass a Trial (Part 2) (Minor Gore warning)
Promote Your Business in Google Without Investment
My Sleep Paralysis Demon Can Predict The Future
To My Old 4th Grade Classmates in Mrs. Barther’s Biology Class. Burn the Letters.
Murder in Moon Hollow (part 2)
I used to be a Pizza Delivery Driver, now I'm on the run. [Part 2]
Dreams Are Deadly
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I wish I didn't look outside my window at 3:00 am in the morning
I wish I didn't look outside my window at 3:00 am in the morning
Highway 42.0005 is no longer protected, and I can only tell you to pray if you ever get stuck on it
Highway 42.0005 is no longer protected, and I can only tell you to pray if you ever get stuck on it
Hearing Whispers and Feeling a Presence
An Anonymous Source has just Cyber Attacked my Local News Station.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I always thought my dad gave shitty life advice.
I have severe depression.
Red Terror
Do NOT Speak With 'The Boneman' on Animal Crossing. Do NOT Do What He Asks!
Don't Talk to Strangers Full series
The doors
The red cloaks are in town (part 3)
Have you heard of The Entity of Tindalos?
I always thought my dad gave shitty life advice.
NOISES FROM THE BASEMENT
There is something lurking in the Mariana Trench
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
When I was younger, my parents spoke of how they would find me talking to myself. Now my son is doing it in the exact same room.
When I was younger, my parents used to speak about how I would talk to myself. Now my son is doing it in the exact same room.
I used to work for a charity in the Philippines. I never want to help people again.
Muck
This is not a healing pool
When I was younger, my parents always spoke about how I would talk to myself. Now my own child is doing it, in the exact same house.
I met a Spirit and now have to pass a trial (Part 1)
Something is in the woods behind my house [part 2]
This happened about 13 years ago, but still creeps me out thinking about it.
I've been receiving weird messages for a week now. Today it escalated and I think I'm in serious danger.
I'm a virologist. Something just happened in our lab.
I have a remote that can kill people. I can't get rid of it.
I recently installed a new motion light on my house
If you want to live, don't go geocaching alone
She’s embarrassed and I love that
The Hadar Manor Inn
I always thought my dad gave shitty life advice.
Rules at the Hadar Manor
Krampus Is coming to town
Hand Holding
You dont have enough memory in the memory card
WE FOUND WHAT IN THE BASEMENT??!
I was followed
A Taste of Magic
IMPORTANT:
Ignorance makes the heart grow fonder.
You don't want to miss The Midnight Cabaret.
This Itch Is Killing Me...
The Neighbor
I had a strange day in the woods, I think I could have died...
How to Survive Camping: a branch from the dark
What is wrong with this camp (pt 1.5)
something weird happened.
Something is in the woods behind my house [part 2]
I'm a volunteer at a temple stay in the mountains of Japan. I guess I made friends with a cat!
My Mind Is Not Mine Anymore
Old man creature in the basement
The shadow boy
I care about you, please let me out.
My House Is Too Crowded LinkThe previous occupant of my House left a rule book. I’m moving out tomorrow.
My Home Is TOO Crowded #1
What You Don't Usually Hear About the African Bushveld
There is Something Coming for Earth as You Read This
My mind is not mine anymore
My mind is not mine anymore
I came back home, after many years, and when I did, everything had changed.
The Cheese Sauce
I never told another lie after my trip to Lithuania
First Contact
There's hair growing out of my gum hole ... and my mom is taking me to Grandma for a "cure" (PART 2)
My Mother's Talking Cat: The Suspcious Neighbor (Part 1)
The Case of Marshall Jacobs (Part One)
The Case of Marshall Jacobs (Part I)
You Don't Want To Miss The Midnight Cabaret
The Case of Marshall Jacobs (I of III)
Bantay and the black dog
The void haunts me
A Young Sociopath
Bantay and the black dog
Bad trips are bad
I am never drinking beer again
I am never drinking beer again
I am never drinking beer again
An Uber Passenger
I am never drinking beer again
I am never drinking beer again
The Last Unwrapping Party On Earth (Part Twelve) FINAL
I Exist
The Wagon Doll
Dark water
I became a Wendigo, I think I'm in purgatory
I don't want any birthday gifts.
She loves me so, she loves me not
My Wife Sleeps In A Tent Inside Our House And Now I Know Why
Babysitting
My Personal Experience Of Being Kidnapped
Someone was lurking around my house last night
Someone was outside my bedroom door last night
Murder in Moon Hollow (part 1)
Snarling creature sighting
(True Story) My Personal Experience Of Being Kidnapped
I Called 911; I Don't Know What Answered
Be careful when asking for help from the Gods of the oppressed
The knocking didn't come from the door
Night Guard
Now this is a scary website.
Grinning Creature Sighting
I listen to you.
Something terrifying happened while I was taking a shower in the morning, and my teacher knows something ominous about it.
Tales From a Small Town: I met the most feared man in town
My Summer as A Security Guard for A Disturbing Carnival - Finale - Code Green
Please help me. I've been kidnapped to Finland or near it.
Please help me. I've been kidnapped and I'm held near Finland.
9 Months of Hell or I Only Wanted A Pony
Where Were You Last Night?
Have you ever gone to your grandfather's house, and have you felt that something is not right?
The Guardian
Lindwen Cave: The Awakening [Part 1]
tử vong
The man who can make you a fun person
Promote Your Business in Google Without Investment
Never show an entity the way home
My neighbors asked me to home sit, they have some peculiar rules. #2
A large, tall man stalks the villages here at night. He is the Apshi, and it is a folktales you won't find in any book.
My Mother's a Neighbor Might Be A Serial Killer
A US Veteran Stopped a Mass Shooting and was vilified for it.
My Mother's Neighbor Might Be A Serial Killer
Young, dumb, and haunted
I sold my soul on eBay.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I need help PT 1
The spirit
We Are All About to be Annihilated by a Cloud Headed For Earth
I'm trapped on a train to Nowhere
I've been trapped in my late parents house. I found out what happened.
I NEED HELP PT 1
15 Best Personal Finance Books, Every Entrepreneur Must Read in 2020
A US Veteran Stopped a Mass Shooting while almost being killed in the process and was vilified for it.
Have you heard of the creature in the tunnel?
Wasn't the night out I expected
My dad left me a note &amp; a warning!
My 2015 experience.
Escaping from the Silly Smiles Cult
It comes closer when I sleep
I paid $3,000 to stay at a premium AirBnB for a week. I really should have read the reviews.
I WAS TOLD SATAN IS COMING FOR ME
My mom's new diet is killing her!
N̶o̶T̶h̶I̶n̶G̶ ̶i̶S̶ ̶a̶S̶ ̶i̶T̶ ̶S̶e̶E̶m̶S̶
Headless ghost in front of the church
Lindwen Cave
We Found The Youtube Channel of A Classmate Who Died In A Car Accident - PART II
We Tied the Basement Door Closed
We Found The Youtube Channel of A Classmate Who Died In A Car Accident {PART 2 : FOCUS}
A murder of crows is ruining my life.
Close To You
I Hunt Fairies - Part 1
I Love You
Angler Fish
Just you wait(Part 1) I wake at 4:03 to unexplainable things, am I going crazy?
I will have always seen destiny
Just you wait
I haven't slept..
If you hear the noise of the creator you are a dead man walking
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Green Valley Alarms
Dark Figures and a Dog
Something sinister is hiding into the woods
Suburbia
[Part 2] Things Aren't Getting Any Better in Brazil
I’ve never seen anyone else in my office, until today (Part 1)
I feel so alone
Hello, My Conscience.
Something is in the woods behind my house
Everything Is Bigger In Texas Pt 1
Hello, My Conscience.
Everything Is Bigger In Texas
Something is in the woods outside my house
advice
H.A.T.C part two
A Late Night Run
H.A.T.C part two
H.A.T.C part 2
H.A.T.C part 2
Be careful when asking the Gods of the Oppressed for help
the end of the earth
The End of Earth
H.A.T.C part 2
Smiley face murderers
Atlantic
My school have a lockdown, But something was very wrong about it
Atlantic
I Was An Actress On A Forgotten Nineties Sitcom. It Turned Out I Still Had A Fan. PART 10
Ignorance.
Absentee Parenting
Perfume Lady
Dragon
" when i was invited to strange game show five lives were lost i was the last one standing "
Pulling Teeth
"when i was invited to strange game five lives were lost i was the last one standing "
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The Joy Of Creation
Laughter
Hell is real.
Laughter
This dog won't leave me alone....... I need help
I’m getting voice memos from my long dead brother
Children See Things We Cant
Help me with the plot for a short scary video shoot next week...
The Sin Box
Don't Talk to Strangers Pt I &amp; II
How much protein is in a single fruit fly?
The Cow-Field Behind My House
My sister and I are staying at my uncle's lake house. She found a treasure map that's leading us to something sickening - Part 6
WHATEVER YOU DO, DON’T LEAVE THE BASEMENT
There's hair growing out of my gum hole ... and my mom is taking me to Grandma for a "cure" (PART 2)
I think my life just changed forever, and I had no say in it. (Part 1)
My first paranormal experience
I sold my soul on eBay.
WHATEVER YOU DO, DON'T LEAVE THE BASEMENT
Wendigo With A Gun
DON’T FEED THE FISH
August 2020 contest nominations
7 days ago I turned 29, I pray I never turn 30.
DON’T FEED THE FISH
DON’T FEED THE FISH
My ex won't stop stalking me, even in death
Herobrine is Real
The Train
Disappearing Act
I think I’m losing my fucking mind? [Part 1]
I keep finding strings, and I don't know where they come from. Part 2
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
A woman was murdered by two young men in front of her husband. He had to get his revenge.
I fed it an apple, then it crawled out of my wall. [ Part 2 ]
The Shootings Getting Closer.....
Dark Figure
The Shootings Getting Closer.....
The shootings getting closer
Never go out on cloudy days
Deaf Date
The red room
The Last Unwrapping Party On Earth (Part Eleven)
The school ceiling collapsed and I don’t think it’s just asbestos that’s falling out.
The murder of crows that's ruining my life.
There is something in the plumbing and I think it is a bird... (PART 1)
The Factory
I think I’m losing my fucking mind? [Part 1]
Moving in day 1
The Circle: Jester
Tales From a Small Town: The two largest families in town hate each other
I have gazed upon the face of god.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
My sleep paralysis demon predicts the future
Tourists of Arkham
There was an alien like man at my house
The Skeld 2.
Something Lurks in the Mongolian Sands
Tourists of Arkhamearn approx 2,520 to 24,120 in 1 hour
Tourists of Arkham
I guard a weed farm. We’re under attack.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I think I am being stalked by something and I don’t know why...
13 Years Ago, My Parents Lied to Protect Us From Something Terrible
𝗵𝗼𝘄 𝘁𝗼 𝗸𝗻𝗼𝘄 𝗶𝗳 𝘆𝗼𝘂'𝗿𝗲 𝗯𝗼𝗿𝗻 𝗳𝗿𝗼𝗺 𝗰𝗵𝗮𝗼𝘀 : 𝗮𝗻 𝗼𝘃𝗲𝗿𝘃𝗶𝗲𝘄 𝘁𝗼 𝘀𝘆𝗺𝗽𝘁𝗼𝗺𝘀 𝗶, 𝗶𝗶, 𝗮𝗻𝗱 𝗶𝗶𝗶.
I just want to make you happy. But women around me keep dying. (Part 2)
I paid $3,000 to stay at an AirBnB for a week. I should have read the reviews.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
A document for our researchers:
I used to be a Pizza Delivery Driver, now I'm on the run. (Part 2)
Her
An old man was mugged by three teens. One by one the teens are found dead.
Let’s raise a glass to Cara
Camping encounter
Funhouse Experiment The End
Camping Encounter
Camping Encounter
I’ll never work at Sonic again
Parents, Don’t Take Your Children To Indoor Playgrounds
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Iam done
If you see a deformed purple person, hide and dont let it find you
There’s hair growing out of my gum hole, and my mom isn’t here to comfort me (PART 1)
There’s hair growing out of my gum hole, and my mom isn’t here to comfort me (GUMHAIRS PT1)
Final warning about the neurolink
"The monsters are here"
Goldilocks
I work as a paramedic, this pandemic is just the beginning!
How to know when you will die
The Skeleton Girl
How to know when you will die
My creepy, distorted dream.
Be Glad Your On Land And Not At Sea
A demon has been haunting me for 15 years
Sometimes when I sleep, I wake up in a different universe - Part 1
parsich ifomation
I got a Yveltal in Pokemon Y.
We Found The Youtube Channel of A Classmate Who Died In A Car Accident
I am Deaths keeper.
My town's urban legend is real and I met him!
I am Deaths keeper.
RIP CARA I got you babe
I am Deaths keeper.
[Part 1] What They Found in Brazil Changed Everything
Anyone here know who "I" am?
That Burnin' Feeling (Part 1/2)
I'm a mugger and housebreaker, but there are rules even we need to obey
Re: SAR no-sleep stories, weird phenomenons and scary creatures in the forests
Everything in this world is connected via strings which limit our senses and generate an automated response to most of the actions!
re: stairs in the woods, SAR no-sleep stories
The Only Call I Ever Hung Up On
3rd shift security at a nunnery
The Skeld.
I Was An Actress On A Forgotten Nineties Sitcom. It Turned Out I Still Had A Fan. PART 9
A Wish package
Waterfall Dream - What was the most vivid and unexplainable dream/nightmare you’ve ever had?
Before the alien invasion, it was a regular, boring day at the library.
I think my dreams may be warning me
The Funhouse Experiment: The End
I'll never work at Sonic again
I Woke Up During My Surgery
The exorcist thinks he got rid of the demon
I think everyone's in on it.
Dirge of the Sorrow-Singer
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
My Friend Didn't Follow the Rules, Now He's "Missing" (3)
our infant baby boy gave me and my wife permission to be child free again
My memories of Easter
Children See Things We Can't
P.T.
Hearing meows in the forest
NotAVirus.jpg
You should be protecting yourself against more than just covid.
I work on an oil-rig in the North Sea. ...The 'Entity' in the deep is angry, and awake. [FINAL]
Food For Thought
(Tw; Self-harm, suicide) Food For Thought
Covid isn't the only thing you should be protecting yourself against.
Food For Thought
My grandma dreamed of a little girl and she hasn’t gone away since
My grandma dreamed of a little girl and she hasn’t gone away since then.
Highway 42.0005 is no longer protected, and I can only tell you to pray if you get stuck on it
Ghost plane
I got dared to go in a dead girls house.
I’m a new Explorer of Realities, and I promise you that none of this was my fault [Part 3]
mystery
MYSTERY
My grandpa didn’t die from a heart attack
I used to work at an aquarium until one of our exhibits went horribly wrong
Red Face
The body
An alien creature was hiding behind a bookshelf, eating what looked like it used to be someone's face.
Why I don't want to think about the forest.
They came for our eyes.
One Bat, Two Bats, Three Bats
I work the night shift in a McDonald's, They have some strange rules
Dreaming of you.
The homicide hotel on greenwood Ave.
I visited an abandoned water park in Nebraska. I think something came home with me.I WENT TO MY FAMILY MAUSULEUM, I DON'T KNOW WHAT HAPPENED
I WENT TO MY FAMILY MAUSULEUM, I DON'T KNOW WHAT HAPPENED
I got to comfortable on the dark web. A story that changed my life...
hi
Never working night shift again
I got lost in a cornfield, and saw a ritual unfold.
The God Damned Chupacabra
Episodes Similar to Penpal?
He had an angel once
NOVA KADUNA -- PART 2
My Grandmother Used to Keep Me in the Pantry... Part III
Sweet Honey
Buy Blog Comment - Buy Google Fast Page Ranking
NotAVirus.jpg
How to eat yourself in seven days.
I think my dreams may be warning me
I reached year 1000 in Stardew Valley. I wish I hadn’t.
24,120 in 1 hour without investment
Beware the Button Man
NOVA KADUNA - PART 2 (CONCLUSION)
I am 100% sure that my old high school girlfriend was ready to dispose of a dead child
I think my dreams may be warning me (real)
The Man Next Door
The Man Next Door
The history teacher knows
The Wisconsin protocol.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
To My Old 4th Grade Classmates in Mrs. Barther’s Biology Class. It's Coming For Me, Please Help.
The Man Next Door
My Sleep Paralysis Demon is Actually A Pretty Chill Guy
There used to be a kindergarten up the hill, i think they made another use of it
I hate my life
Donald Trump is A Monster!
ATTENTION, ATTENTION, LOCKDOWN
What to Expect When You're Expecting
The Wishmaker
The Maiden Festival (Part 2)
A true scary story that happened to me when I was hunting
If you feel them there at night, say this as you turn out the light.
I've locked myself in the bathroom and I don't want to come out. I'm terrified.
Our Hearts Beat As One
Hansel’s Sister
Just found the strangest thing in my Grandpa's asshole.
Your delivery arrived!
Delivery is here!
I just want to make you happy. But women around me keep dying. (Part 1)
This is more then aliens... Part 1
Her candle drawer is dwindling
Buy SoundCloud Accounts - Buy Email Verified SC Accounts
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Haunted road RIGHT ACROSS THE STREET FROM MY OLD APT
I live in a small town named Raw. If a stranger wakes up screaming outside your house at night, you have to take them in.
I visited an abandoned water park in Nebraska. I think something came home with me.
Buy Negative Glassdoor Reviews - Buy Glassdoor Reviews
If you’re reading this, I will be born. And one day, you will let me die
I have been able to hear and see ghosts for as long as I can remember.
Hello, Old Friend
Possessed
Delivery here!
I applied to a company that does business with agents of evil.
The Ravine
It's just yesterday. What's the worst that could happen?
My Next Door Neighbor
Working overnight in a haunted office building.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The Night We Entered The Pickle Canning Factory
I think I just figured out something about cats.
I Was An Actress On A Forgotten Nineties Sitcom. It Turned Out I Still Had A Fan. PART 8
I think I just figured out something about cats.
I keep reliving my dreams.
I started working as a truck driver and I found a weird set of rules
Sometimes I get high, and I find new documents on my computer 03 - Brain Synchronicity
The Cycle
my name is Kat and I work in a fire watch tower
Hiking the Wild Orwen trail
"If they knock twice, don't answer." - My Brother's Diary.
Just Feeling Alone
There is a Door to Hell in my Basement
Right Place, Right Time
Accidently Summoning a Demon (true story)
What's the scariest thing that ever happened to you?
I didn't mean to end up in the revenge business...
My mom went missing the other day, and I think I'm next
i am SO done with /nosleep. Whiny ass girls have no respect for the art of writing.
The Suicide Test
To my boyfriend, who I can't stop forgetting
The New Teacher (My First Story) {Part 1}
The Interview
The Last Unwrapping Party On Earth (Part Ten)
“T-that’s not my son.”
Theres a new discord for all nighters
My name is Sherri Robinson, and I fear my ability to see imminent deaths has shown me my own fate.
Theres a discord for all nighters
I wasn't always claustrophobic
Abrazamozas
LEVIATHANS (PART TWO)
I lost my phone underneath my bed last night.
NotAVirus.jpg
Terrible HamburgerTerrible Hamburger
Terrible_Hamburger
I need a second pair of eyes on this job offer
Don’t let your children watch Mooshee’s Barnyard
Don't Leave me ... Please
My brother... the serial killer
My Friend Didn't Follow the Rules, Now He's "Missing" (2)
Ignore The Naked People Who Dance In The Woods. Don't Let Them See You.
I live in a haunted house and it's getting terrifying.
If you ever see an ad for a bottle of pills called Frederick Fantasm Faskis’s miracle lucid dreaming pills don’t take it. There’s darker forces at play.
My friend has been acting really strangely
Odd Jobs: Watch For Falling Rock
The Sandstone Project
The Void
Highway 42.0005 is no longer protected, and I can only tell you to pray if you get stuck on there
Knock knock knock
My friend joined a support group recently. I attended one of their meetings. I'm not sure what I just experienced.
The Sandstone Project
My best friend died 4 months ago. Here's the rules for hanging out with him. (Part 1)
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Mirage
Reckoning
Nightly routine
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I found something in my mom's closet... and... I can't explain it.
I appear to have lost my memory, there's a set of strange instructions telling me what to do.
I think there’s something in my house
My Grandmother Used to Keep Me In the Pantry Pt. II
RDW Urban Legend 1 - Apple Joe
Buy TripAdvisor Reviews - Buy 5 star TripAdvisor Reviews
My Grandmother Used to Keep Me in The Pantry Part II
The Tree - The Diaries of Mary Joan
My estranged brother...
Every year, my town gives one of its citizens superpowers.
Driving home on a dark night
How to program an organic computer.
My Estranged Brother
Does anyone have the link to the story where a dude got paid money to undergo a experiment and he was put into a bunch of needles and put into a coma and is conscious the entire time?
Buy Negative Google Reviews - Buy 1 star Google Reviews
I Got a Job Aboard a Luxury Cruise Ship. It’s Been a Few Days and the Other Employees Won’t Stop Crying.
A therapist cured my stage fright; now I’m dealing with something much worse
Im working in a 24/7 Mexican restaurant on a middle of the desert in Nevada [part 1]
Am I going crazy, or did Eve perform an exorcism?
I work in a 24/7 Mexican restaurant on a middle of desert in Nevada [part 1]
Ivy Cottage. I broke the rule.
There is a field behind my house.
The Lord is my Shepherd
I Work in the Last Store at a Dying Mall
the resone some pepole dont like me...is im a good person and there not
They need to know (part 1)
There is a field behind my house.
They need to know (more to come)
The game show
Highway 42.05 is no longer protected, and I can only tell you to pray if you get stuck on it
Highway 42.05 is no longer protected
Dr. Morrigan's Case Files: Anson's Encounter With Sammy Scissors
My Tram entered a tunnel I’ve never seen before. Now I’m stuck and I’m beginning to loose my memories... (Part 1)
Primal Desire
My Tram entered a tunnel I’ve never seen before. Now I’m stuck and I am beginning to loose my memory... (Part 1)
Stranger at my door
Does anyone have advice on handling a birthday clown who won’t leave?
I found a weird set of rules at my new truck driving job
Tape 17
I keep finding strings and now I know where they came from
The boy that broke my doll pt. 0
CLEAN B0NES//WET BUGS
I'm a financial dominatrix and a curious one.
My town is being massacred. I know what is taking people but you have to ignore it.
I will die soon
Unwelcome Roommate Problem Update
Something is really wrong with this rehab centre.
I regret creating an Onlyfans sometimes
I keep finding stings, and now I know where they came from
Every year, my town gives one of its citizens superpowers.
You May See Something Imitating You In The Woods At Night
It Lives At Night, It Walks At Night
It Lives At Night, It Walks At Night
My country was part of a botched experiment, the company that conducted it wants to kill me but I will expose them before they can kill me. (Part 1)
Jasmine Tea
It’s This Stupid Storm
I got a job as a night guard in a museum for 6 hours and what I saw there will haunt me for the rest of my life . part 1
The Last Nightmare
I work in a large underground containment facility, Then something went terribly wrong. -Part 1
Welcome To Willowgrave’s Lake (PART 1)
Smiley Riley
I Was An Actress On A Forgotten Nineties Sitcom. It Turned Out I Still Had A Fan. PART 7
Skill and Creativity
I don’t want to be a mountain man anymore
I took 10 sleeping pills on flight 197...I'll never go on a plane again.
Sadie
The failed ritual
Rehabilitated memories
The Hanged Man's Harvest
Abyss
I’m a Pizza Delivery Driver. Yes, it is true we see quite crazy things on the job.
I won't let them take my child away from me
The note in the mailbox
Her Gaze is Death
For Science!
Unwelcome Roommate Problem UpdateThe Smile
The Cabin (Part 2)
My friend and I made a mistake
I received a letter from my great-grandfather
The Cabin (Part 1)
I work on an oil-rig in the North Sea. …They’re keeping something hidden beneath the waves.
I saw my own suicide and i don't think it's just a dream
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I saw my own suicide and i don't think it's just a dream
I will die soon
I saw my own suicide and I don't think it was just a dream
I will die soon ( edited)
In My Restless Dreams
It Called To Me, Part Three
I woke up today.
The Cheese Sauce
If people say a place is haunted, believe them: Part III
I am in hell
Sissy
It Froze Over
The Smile.
The Smile.
If people say a place is haunted, believe them: Part II
Diary of a fugitive
If people say it’s haunted, then believe them: Part I
My Great-Grandfather Encountered Something in the Arctic
Someone's stolen my skin and it ruining my life
The Psychogenic itch
The Psychogenic Itch.
My name is Sherri Robinson, and I can see when people are hours away from death.
The Lord is my Shepherd
I found a tunnel at the end of a forestry service road on no maps and in no records, and thats not the weirdest part. [Part 3]
Summer camp is being harassed by… something (pt 2)
LEVIATHANS
The deranged man
I am the end of the world.
I'm A Security Guard At A Haunted House
The deranged man
The deranged man
My Great-Grandfather Found Something in the Arctic
A Faint Glow
My Friend Didn't Follow the Rules, Now He's "Missing" (2)
I AM THE END OF THE WORLD
A Faint Glow
Title- Down the drain
It was just a dream
I probably just fell and hit my head
My company brings back the dead.
There is something dark inside ocean storms
The Witch of the Woods
My tram drove into a tunnel I’ve never seen before. Now I’m stuck and I’m loosing my memory... (Part 1)
Why is everyone being so quiet
My tram drove into a tunnel I never had seen before. Now I’m stuck and I’m losing my memory. (Part 1, If I survive this)
Bloody Face
The Bottom of the Lake
El campamento de verano esta siendo acosado por… algo (pt 2)
How I Became The Mother of Gods
The dice should have never landed on 6
earn approx 2,520 to 24,120 in 1 hour without investment
I worked for NASA over 9 years, there are secret experiments taking place on the I.S.S.
Buy Negative TripAdvisor Reviews - Buy TripAdvisor Reviews
New sub Reddit
Ghosts Don't Exist
My Neighbor Screamed at Birds at Night
The Field of Black Grass
I got a New Job... But it's Not What I Was Expecting
My therapist wants me to kill myself
World Wide Cannibalism: An Experiment.
I got a new job
Why you should never use headphones after 12 AM
How I was being stalked by the rich and elite
I was Born with Two Faces
I deal on the dark web. After this last deal I think I'll be done for a while...
World Wide Cannibalism: An Experiment
I tried a deadly tik tok trend
I live alone on the outskirts of a state park, but I've made some friends.
My acne saved my life.
I'm a security guard in an old mental hospital. The Finger-Lickin' Finale!
Something Woke Me Up in The Middle Of The Night
Something Woke Me Up In The Middle Of The Night
Something Woke Me Up In The Middle Of The Night
A skinwalker trued to kill me
My Little Town Opened a Time Capsule. It Should Have Stayed Buried.
The Captain's Log
Something horrible happened during my last flying lesson.
My mother killed my magic crab and now I'm alone and my smiles don't work like before.
Hallucinations or Not? You’re screwed either way.
A horror story in which the protagonist must follow THE RULES (parody)
Something in my garage
My manager has strange food cravings. I think I'm in way over my head.
Country Fireworks
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The passenger
I got in, but I don't think I'll get out.
Whatever You Do, Don't Ever Place Your Bed Next To A Window
I keep finding strings, and I don't know where they are coming from.
I found the hugest cockroach in my kitchen with us directly connected to my bedroom and I freaked out then came back to kill it and it has gone rogue. Now I can’t sleep.
Any tips on dealing with malicious ghost roommate? Also can I get it to pay rent?
Any tips on dealing with malicious ghost roommate? Also can I get it to pay rent?
I hope she spares your souls too...Why do we need sleep?
My dead friend is haunting me
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Creepy box in the middle of the woods
Help! Find a video!
I think I have colon cancer
How stalking almost killed me
Maybe don't answer vague job offer on your school campus
My old body is possessed by another being
The loop
I Was An Actress On A Forgotten Nineties Sitcom. It Turned Out I Still Had A Fan. PART 6
I've returned home for the first time in years. I think the island is trying to kill me.
I Didn't Pay It Forward And Now Someone Is Stalking Me
My wife keeps getting random pieces of jewellery in the house
The Dark Pt. 2
The Rules of Happy Henry’s Burgers, Fries, and More...
The Woods
I've returned home for the first time in years. I think the island is trying to kill me.
Checkmate
The Girl
Checkmate
How to Survive Camping: a death in the family
My Dead Dog's Estranged Wife Keeps Tagging me on Habbo Hotel: Part 6/12
Tales From the Other Side
Have you heard of “Throat Singing”?
The day I snapped.
The day we had enough
The day I had enough.
I'm never going on a solo road trip again.
help
My Darkness Likes To Laugh At Me
My Family Has an Odd Tradition
As I left my shower, I saw bloody bootprints and writing on the mirror
I Work in a Shipping Warehouse, and Weird Things Happen
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The Orphan's Guide to Family Crypts
Stay away from the suburbs in Michigan
My parents were working on technology research. They went missing during the final stages of their new device.
A Code
My sister and I are staying at my uncle's lake house. She found a treasure map that's leading us to something sickening - Part 5
Paranoia
I work on an oil-rig in the North Sea. …I’ve just been assigned to a rig that officially, doesn’t exist…
My Friend Didn't Follow the Rules, Now He's "Missing" (1)
There are bodies being buried on the moon. NASA won't tell us why.
What Happens to the Bullies
Have you ever heard of “Throat Singing”?
Have you ever listened to throat singing?
Plan E
Keep it a secret or
Something happened to my wife
Something happened to my wife
I killed a young man who nobody cared about
I killed a young man who nobody cared about
When you see me keep it a secret or
I killed a young man who nobody cared about
I killed a young man who nobody cared about
My son think he has a sister but he is the only child
Keep it a secret or
My son think he has a sister, but he is the only child
I killed a young man who nobody cared about
There was a shadow
The flashes. The fire. The snow. The ashes.
I killed a young man who nobody cared about
The flashes, so many sounds, so many screams. The flashes.
What Happens to the Bullies
There was a Shadow
Me and 6 other people have been challenged to kill each other in a week (part 2)
Me and 6 other have be challenged to kill each in a week (part 1)
When you see me keep it a secret or
[RF] I killed a young man who nobody cared about
Me and 6 other people have been challenged and to kill each other in a week (part 2)
Me and 6 other people have been challenged and to kill each other in a week (part 1)
What Happens to the Bullies
The first time I met him was at a chili cook-off, where he was dishing out the most savory bowl of veal chili I’ve ever had.
The first and last hike at night
Be weary, run if you see it
Don’t look at empty playgrounds
I keep finding strings, and I don't know where they're coming from.
The Rules of Happy Henry’s Burgers, Fries, and More...
Renting houses sucks.
I found a VHS tape of a man threatening to burn the world
These aren't my parents.
I work on an oil-rig in the North Sea. …I’ve just been assigned to a rig that officially, doesn’t exist…
Car Chase?
Car Chase?
These aren't my parents.
Today I saw the floor eat a woman
Can i fall in love with a spirit?
I can’t sleep
My friends and I made a mistake
Run from it. Dont look back.
Be weary, run if it is near.
Be weary run if you see it
Be weary, run if you see it.
Death Before Rise. Rise Before Death. Family.
Be weary, run if you see it.
Nova Kaduna - Part 2
So far as I can tell, two of my wife existed at the same time.
Trick or Treat.
Repost this on any platform to spread awarenessNova Kaduna Part 1
I was 8 or 9 years old when I was approached by a strange man who wanted to know where the local supermarket was located.
I bought my dream car, i sort of regret it
Nova Kaduna
Literally couldn't sleep, or move
I’m a...different...kind of police officer. There are bad monsters, but there are also some that are great.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Stolen Faces [Part 1]
Shoggoth.
"Olgoi Khorkhoi"
My Grandmother used to keep me in the pantry
When you see me keep it a secret or
A peculiar melody in our town is attracting strange visitors
A peculiar melody in our town is attracting strange visitors
My Real Family
I would always have the same dream
Immortals don't fear death, but life sure does scare the hell out of us.
What Happened to r/tjaylea
The Red Man
I'm still not sure what to think about this...
The sound of insanity
Dancing with the Drowned
My Grandmother Used to Keep Me In the Pantry
The Maiden Shrine
The Woman in the Mirror is Not Me
If you hear crying and scratching from the inside of a truck trailer, do not investigate it. I already made that mistake.
We got in, but I don't think I'll get out.
I'm a security guard in an old mental hospital. Oh, how I hate hand-puppets..
I saw a skinwalker in my house. In gonna be in my safe room for a while
My Name is Cornelius Crom, and I Hunt Monsters.
I finally came to class early, now the whole town is abandoned
OPEN YOUR MIND'S EYES
Abandoned servers are neat.
The God Chapters - Experiments of a deity - I
The God Chapters - Experiments of a deity
Diary of a german soldier
Leonidas vs the Cryptic Killer
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
First days at a new job are never easy
Voices In The Dark
From being the football star to crying in the bathroom stall
[RF] From being the football star to crying in the bathroom stall (GRAPHIC OVER 18 ONLY!!!)
[RF] From being the football star to crying in the bathroom stall (GRAPHIC OVER 18 ONLY!!!)
[RF] From being the football star to crying in the bathroom stall (GRAPHIC OVER 18 ONLY!!!)
[RF] From being the football star to crying in the bathroom stall (GRAPHIC OVER 18 ONLY!!!)
On Delaware Street, you’re forbidden to whistle after dark
[RF] From being the football star to crying in the bathroom stall (GRAPHIC OVER 18 ONLY!!!)
[RF] From being the football star to crying in the bathroom stall (GRAPHIC OVER 18 ONLY!!!)
[RF] From being the football star to crying in the bathroom stall (GRAPHIC OVER 18 ONLY!!!)
[RF] From being the football star to crying in the bathroom stall (GRAPHIC OVER 18 ONLY!!!)
sex
The kid next door
Florida woods camping trip
The Midwives are real. I think you can trust them.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I think I'm being held hostage at work
I think there is a chip in my brain
Reading my father's journals led to my dreams becoming a nightmare hellscape (Part 4)
I Was An Actress On A Forgotten Nineties Sitcom. It Turned Out I Still Had A Fan. PART 5
A velveteen type rabbit has appeared behind me in photos on a shelf where nothing should be there. Any explanation?
A velveteen type rabbit has appeared behind me in photos on a shelf where nothing should be there. Any explanation?
A velveteen type rabbit has appeared behind me in photos on a shelf where nothing should be there. Any explanation?
DREAM
Stuck in a lift for over three days with my cat.
Killer Paramedic
DREAM
DREAM
Killer Paramedic [Series 1]
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Crispy Donuts
I teach an online course in death investigation. One of my students is a serial killer.
Taking a long, warm piss when you're cold is probably the greatest feeling in the world.
I dissected the male mind. What I discovered should frighten all women.
ndihCx.go o1edmcSlhetnnae d
Phobia
Phobia
Malfunction
This wasn’t normal nightmare.
Metal af Creation Myth. I wrote it for a school assignment but I thought it was alright.
A person goes missing every time the lights flicker. But is isn't the light.
I'm a hunter, but not just any kind of hunter.
What if?
I recently had Sleep Paraylsis for the first time, but something is wrong.
When my dad met someone new he wanted a blended family. I don’t think this is what he had in mind.
The Last Unwrapping Party On Earth (Part Nine)
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
My brother told me a story about a stump that grants wishes. I made a wish but I wasn’t prepared for the consequences.
The Deep Voiced Woman
Recently all of the kids in my town started disappearing. On the day my daughter turned 12, I found out why.
Don’t fear strange sounds at night. Fear the silence. Fear Hush.
The girl who couldn’t talk.
A stranger came up to me in the supermarket and claimed to be my husband. Part Three Update.
The Sixteenth Floor
I work in home healthcare for "odd" patients. These are my stories. [pt1]
I frown when I climax
PSA: I think I screwed us in the 1960s
My Friend's Bed Was Haunted by Sexual Energy
The lake showed me the truth
Are you kosher enough?
Sugarwater Residential Buildings Employee Handbook: List of Rules and RegulationsHas anyone heard of the Bocca Hotel? I need to return a key.
I'm Studying to be an Archeologist, But This Old Forum Post is Making me Reconsider
I'm never going for a midnight walk again.
I see a different face in the mirror every morning.
I'm never going for a midnight walk again.
I can’t See through the fog, nobody can, Part 2
I can’t see through the fog, nobody can, Part 2
I found Cupid's Arrow
I found Cupids' Arrow and it
I saw my family's doppelganger in my dreams.
The teacher TW ABUSE
Corky
My second day at Disney World and Everest is dark today. (5)
I Fed It An Apple. [ Part 1 ]
Earwigs
I Just Listened To Spotify Audio From The Future, Something Terrible Is About To Happen!
Help!
When Political Vandalism Goes Horribly Wrong
Be my Friend
a big guy
AMBER Alert
There was a Toy store in our town that sold animal masks
I'm A Body-hopper and I've Learned Something New
I would always have the same dream
I have died before I can do it again
The house on Acorn street
the tale of the twins
I can't watch CreepyPasta channels, do you have any good one to recommend?
Our local grocery store started selling products that don't exist
Sleeping has never been so easy
Cartel Crime
Sleeping has never been so easy
PET FOR SALE - SERIOUS INQUIRIES ONLY
When our town was on quarantine, many wild creatures roamed the emptied streets. Not all of them were animals… [PART 1]
I went to Career Day months ago. Now I work at an underground burger joint.
Welcome to RHPD
3:21 PM
60 years from the future. Mad cow disease epidemic.
In the Middle of the Woods
Umbrellas
The day I talked with Everything and Nothing.
Foot and Mouth Disease
I finally came to class early, now the whole town is abandoned
The Tall Man
W0RMFOOD
I'm a security guard in an old mental hospital. Debbie does daggers!
The Hallway
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
$30,000 for the cure to Everything
The Fog that Fell Over Morehead
It Was All Coming Together When We Moved to a Small Island. We Should Have Listened to Our New Neighbor Part I: Our Move
The Sixteenth Floor
I just have to have her. (Part 1)
Never Let The Light Go Out At Night
STARRY BODIES
I had a strange encounter with a creepy old guy in the elevator of our apartment complex.
Mice in my bedroom
Mice Infestation, Possibly
Mouse infestation (???)
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
You are dying and you deserve to know why
28 Year Old Found Dead At PowerFoxGames
Rip pay respects
Rip pay respects
Nosleep interview with HyperObscura!
RIP pay respects
RIP pay respects
July 2020 Winners!
Fate's Prison
123
No name yet - my story based on A Nightmare on Elm Street
Today
The Contract Came with bodyguards
The 5th Rule of Babysitting: Part 2
Scary Stories From Reddit Vol 2
Help
I was a victim in a school shooting
The House On Eighth Street
The House On Eighth Street
The Sixteenth Floor
Who is willing to Do a Follow for a follow on Instagram. Let’s see if this helps me gain more people :) . My username is @gironbethy :)
I Was An Actress On A Forgotten Nineties Sitcom. It Turned Out I Still Had A Fan. PART 4
I got eye surgery and something went wrong
I woke up in a plastic town
A Janitor’s stories
I had a strange encounter with a creepy old guy in the elevator of our apartment complex.
the knock on my wall
The Crate
How I found out the Beatles weren’t a heavy metal band
I saw something scarier than a grizzly bear in the heart of the biggest city in Alaska.
Yearbooks and Homeschooling were the clues to the kids who vanished
Grandma
DARK MAGIC - OPEN STORY AND PART 1
Last Night I Invited a Man Over For Dinner
Weird Noises
There’s something weird happening in my town
I teach an online course in death investigation. One of my students might be a serial killer.
There’s something strange going on in my town
And Sleep Tight...!
My Boyfriend Calls Me SweetMy dad's appetite changed everything
I made this Creepypasta and I’m waiting or it to be accepted... But... Something is using it to hurt me...
A Time-Traveler's Guide To History That I Couldn't Read
Do you ever feel you're not where you'd like to be in life?
Cranky Craig
lo que salió del sótano no era mi tío
I'm the reason TikTok got banned... my bad
Mother is Home!
Don’t fear the strange sounds at night. Fear the silence. Fear Hush.
I Just Listened To Spotify Audio From The Future, Something Terrible Is About To Happen
I lend my phone to a stranger (part 1)
I hear tapping on my window at night...
The Darkside
I Heard My Own Voice On Spotify, Something Terrible Is Going To Happen
I can’t see through the fog, nobody can, Part 2
My brother told me a story about a stump that grants wishes. He says it isn’t real, but I found it.
I Heard My Own Voice On Spotify, Something Horrible Is Going To Happen To Me
I Heard My Voice On Spotify, Something Is Happening On October 5th 2020
I found a book that erases unwanted memories. Some things are just too painful to forget.
corners, and looking at them too closely.
The girl in the Television - Part One.
Bathroom scary story I had. first post
Happened last night
Corky
My Girlfriend Never Takes Off Her Makeup But I Finally Caught Her And Now I'm Scared For My Life (Part 4)
Bathroom Scary short story(First time making one. criticism is welcome)
A
I’m training to become an Explorer of Realities, and I think I might have killed a God [Part 2]
Don’t talk to strangers
The Bloody Dogwood Tree
The Man
Fane of the Stygian Memory
A device from the future was found in China
Welcome to the Crimson Lake Hotel.
How do you measure loneliness?
The Savior Behind Me
Why though?
Why?
Malfunction
I Heard My Own Voice On Spotify Screaming In Agony
Our angel was never an angel
I regret this..
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
We are not alone in the universe, we have been isolated
Little Jakub laughs alone
Me and a friend bought a building off of two people who seemed more than happy to get rid of it, I know why now.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I Heard My Own Voice On Spotify Screaming In Agony
I Heard My Own Voice Screaming In Agony On Spotify
1:04 PM
Whatever is happening isn’t good at all (1/10)
Amber Alert
Ahriman proudly presents: The Banana Split
I got a €1000 car. For the rules I was not prepared
I bought a storage locker that contained a doorway to Hell last year, I didn't open it because I was too scared. It's called to me ever since, tormented me, so last month I finally opened it.
I finally came to class early, now the whole town is abandoned.
I'm a Body-hopper But, Also a Parasite
Every Night I Watch People Go Into My Neighbor's House
Dark web thing in my phone!?
Char-Man's Revenge
Char-Man's Revenge
My dead brothers note
I found a note in my dead brothers closet...
Mr snuggles
IT followed me
I found an unlisted YouTube video posted in a playlist and unearthed a cult that supposedly was shut down by the FBI over 20 years ago.
Mirror Mirror
Creepy Bedtime Audiostory
Mirror Mirror
Creepy Audiostory
Mirror Mirror
On second thoughts, I should have sneaked a bite from the lunchbox.
Creepy Audiostory
On second thoughts, I should have eaten from the lunchbox.
I think my friend has been replaced
An over welcomed drive
The Void Journal
The Spyhole Game
I’m scared to sleep
My Peculiar Journal
The Vultures in my Garden
The Trolley Man
Never trust the fog
It listens, it repeats
I have memories but it seems they are not mine
my neighbor hated rosemary
Voices of the known
The Girl in Black
Anyone ever feels like they are being chocked while sleeping and you are just trying to make sound and call your parents but no words come out from your mouth. And all of sudden you wake up sweating and thinking was it a dream or a reality?
I keep people in my basement as a punishment for their sins, but now they’re punishing me
Hansel by Mwoodruff
My ‘brother’
An axe
I Was An Actress On A Forgotten Nineties Sitcom. It Turned Out I Still Had A Fan. PART 3
My best friend found a book while we explored in the woods. Now we’ve been cursed
The Curse Is Broken - Part 5
In The Hands Of The Horned God
The Cats Were Staring In At Me
I just need more time to make the perfect subject, i just need perfection.
I can’t keep this video secret anymoreDid I ever tell you about the clown thing?
The creepy foreskin
HELP MY CAT MAYA
Submerged Terror
Night-shift Security Guard Manual (Happy Places Mall)
Shadowattack
I'm A Body-hopper, I Found the Perfect Host
There's Something In The Fried Dough
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
My name was Jaden Mallory.
I followed my dad because I thought he was cheating on my mom, what I discovered was a whole lot worse. [Part2]
I Started Working for an Old Hotel as A Security Guard. An Old Guard Gave Me Just One Piece of Advice: "If you hear the band, ignore it."
Cranky Craig and the Demon Inside Part 1- Origin
I live on the deadliest stretch of road in the country. Tonight I found out what’s out there.
Something Very Strange is going on in my backyard ...
Cranky Craig
I can't breathe
I jumped forward in time and saw the End of The World.
neighbourhood schizophrenic
THE DIARY - Thriller Horror Short Film
Rules for New Security Guards
Cranky Craig-The serial killer of the neighborhood named Denleigh- Part 1 Officer Padley's case.
Memories of the false.
My Mother's Cat Can Talk: Part One
"You can't see the Forest for the trees."
I'm Trapped In My Apartment! Can Anyone Please Help me?!? Pt 1
I Took Part in A Summoning Ritual That Went INSANELY Wrong
Whatever is happening isn’t good
Whatever is happening isn’t good (1/10)
Whatever happened wasn’t good (1/10)
Am I weird?
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
My friend sent me some funny hacked audio recordings. He might've missed listening to the last few files
The Drain
Scary Experience on Sweet Hollow Road.
My son went missing 6 months ago, Only his teddy bear came back
Hanging Children on Sweet Hollow Rd, LI.
It came from the bottom of the ocean
Strange Encounter on Sweet Hollow Rd
I was offered $5,000 to sit in a room for a week. It wasn't worth it.
There was a recent report submitted by the EFF
I can’t see through the fog, nobody can, Part 1
Food is served
Food is served
Food is served
My church is convinced I'm Jesus Christ. Now, they'd like me to die for their sins.
The organ collector
Ghost Stories from my Childhood - [Part 2]
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I’m a Doctor practicing rural medicine. I have some strange patients. Part 2.
I was a fidelity tester. The ease with which people tend to cheat on their partners was not the scariest thing I encountered during my "career"...
I sell my blood for money. I didn’t realize they’d take it all.
Fake It 'Til You Make It
the color of snow is an insect
My Dads Catchphrase Was Always "The Weak Ones Die First"
I caught something disturbing on my pet cam
Too Many Thoughts
Savages attack innocent travelers on a path near my home.
https://www.reddit.com/r/horrorforall/comments/iisec2/i_have_sleep_paralysis_i_never_worried_before_but/?utm_medium=android_app&amp;utm_source=share
Fairies Don't Have Wings. They Have Fangs.
I Think Maybe I'm a Sleep Demon
My name is Jeremy Eastside - something weird is going on.
I am unqualified for this position (part 3)
A breakfast at the diner
We found a bunker hidden deep in the woods. It wasn't abandoned.
Only real dare devils will read
My name is Jeremy Eastside - something weird is going on.
The demon that ate my cheese
My name is Jeremy Eastside - something weird is going on.
I hear a song on a college campus and I don't know where it's coming from
A creature that taunts only those that are not at peace with themselves
Kronos
I think my friend has been replaced
Sleep Paralysis
Crawling beyond Reality
Toilet paper keeps showing up in my room
Crawling beyond Reality
Non-Binary
A story I wrote in High school
S.O.S. goodnight neighbors
"Spiders"
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
It’s really late here and I don’t have any light.
Can someone help me find this story?
The Dark
Short Story # 98
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Short Story # 98
Violet the Haunted Doll
Do You Really Want to Know?
Violet the Doll (Haunted Doll)
I Was An Actress On A Forgotten Nineties Sitcom. It Turned Out I Still Had A Fan. PART 2
The Funeral Home Mirror (Haunted Mirror)
The Places in the Philippines You Should Never Travel To: A New Perspective
I was supposed to die in a demolished building.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The Beast
The Halloween Game
I don't know what I expected.I found a serial killer's journal in my attic (part 2)
After reading my dead father's journals, I learned his neighbor is harboring a dark secret (Part 3)
Trick or Treat.
Trick or Treat.
I think I let something out of my closet that wasn’t supposed to come out, now I don’t know what’s going to happen to me.
Something in the lake is eating our reflections.
The Big Platchki of 1854 PART II - THE LADY THAT MIGHT HAVE BEEN A PARANOID ILLUSION
I played the elevator game
The Goodenow Sphere
A Deadly Recollection
A Deadly Recollection. myfirstpostenjoy
A Deadly Recollection. (Not an expert, lmk what you think) ;)
I received an email containing my full name and social security number
Watching Crows Skip
Something in my house keeps opening doors while I sleep
Coffee at 11pm
I Watch Crows Skip
I'm a Guard at a Graveyard (Part 2)
Don't trust the police... if that's what they even are.
Don’ t Play in The Dark End of the Street
Bringing back the dinosaurs was a terrible idea.
My teacher encountered a witch
Highway 13
“English” enslaved by the Amish
The Beast of Gévaudan
The Dark End of the Street
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I found a corpse in my attic today
Odd Jobs: Game Genie
(Part 7) My great-aunt left me a note of rules and warnings. I don't want to join them...
I Picked Up a Broadcast for "The Rules of the Road" On My Gameboy, It Sent Me On A Journey I Can't Turn Back From....Part 2 And Finale
No war crime goes unpunished
No War Crime Goes Unpunished
I see my dead best friend
I bought an old slave plantation I wish I didn’t .
A thought
My Peculiar Journals
I met someone calling themselves The Umbrella Man and they changed my life for the best
An interesting little place.
The Moon Is Taking Over My Town. I Don’t Know How Much Time I Have Left... Pt. 1
I worked at a hotel with a very specific set of rules
I don't like storms anymore
The ring of the bell signals the death of another camper [3]
My father use to hate me for reasons unknown.. now I know why
A stranger came up to me in the supermarket and claimed to be my husband. Part Two Update
The man who raped me...
Please, Reddit, Help Me Find My Daughter
How I spent my summer tutoring kids at Indigo Courts &amp; the dark secrets I found within- final part
Help
Blackout
The Machine
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I was a Black Suit, and I'm here to tell you what I know.
Oh, dearest mother!
Oh mother dearest... (Gore! NSFW! TW!)
I think I may know the real reason why they cancelled Silent Hills.
8 Miles Through the Sands of Georgia
I am unqualified for this position (part 2)
Has Anyone Noticed the Moon is Getting Bigger?
Grandpa Tucker’s Lobster Bucket
I'm A Body-hopper, I Found A New Host, Yet I Can't Shake the Masked People Off My Trail
If You Work For a Suicide Helpline, Make Sure it is Not Hacked by Monsters (Part 1)
Every Year I Die.. I Hope Its Over Soon..
I'm stuck in quarantine, and something is wrong.
I Opened My Own Store Called Xeno, Someone Needs To Send Help NOW!
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
An Attempt At Witchcraft
Photo *shoot*
Photo *shoot* (trigger warning)
The Amundsen-Scott Incident
I work in an underwater laboratory. We just lost contact with our sister site. Part 2.
I Always Keep a Red Hat at My Door
I keep people in my basement as a punishment for their sins, but now they’re punishing me
I didn’t catch my dates name, and i don’t think i ever will
I found out i wasn’t the father to my son and it all went horribly wrong
Uncle Cotton's Friend
Uncle Cotton's Friend
"You're Next"
How I became a god
I have been starving for weeks now. Please, someone help me.
A stranger came up to me in the supermarket and claimed to be my husband. Part Two Update.
My friend found a sketchy book, he should've let it be.
Full Time
I found a Job on Craigslist, and now I’m regretting it.
The Can Man
The baby monitor is acting strange
A Quiet Life
If a new app shows up on your device that you don’t recognize, do not open it.
The Journals of Atticus Greene (Part 2)
The Journals of Atticus Greene (Part 2)
The Journals of Atticus Greene (Part 2)
The Journals of Atticus Greene (Part II)
Be careful who you take home from bars
The Journals of Atticus Greene (Part 1)
The Journals of Atticus Greene (Part II)
The Journals of Atticus Greene (Part I)
Endscreek: The Noise Coming From Inside Children [8]
My friend found a sketchy book, he should've left it.
Figure of the night
Shadows in the mirrorLook How Quickly You Forget... Pt. 1
My Family Is Cursed - But I Will End It - Part 4
The Ichor On The Small Plate
Creepy encounter while walking my dog
Q0
Q0
The Stairs
Parrot's perch
I Was An Actress On A Forgotten Nineties Sitcom. It Turned Out I Still Had A Fan. PART 1
My father died yesterday, but today was when things got weird...
The Closet
French door gap
SOMEONE IS IN OUR HOUSE
scary sleep experience
Scary sleep experience
How to Survive Camping: the little girl
I Think I Found Out How We Go To Heaven
The Big Platchki of 1854 PART II - THE LADY THAT MIGHT HAVE BEEN A PARANOID ILLUSION
The Thing From The Forest Changed My Life For The Better (Complete Edition)
The Big Platchki of 1854 PART I - HIDING
My mask won't come off
The Big Platchki of the 1800s [PART I - HIDING]
!ƚʜǫinoƚ ɿoɿɿim ɘʜƚ ni ʞool ƚ'noᗡ
I was trapped in an infinite space for five years
My Grandmother Returned Home From Her Own Funeral
My dad's appetite keeps getting bigger... and stranger
I was trapped a infinite space for five years.
I think I had talked to ghost when I was younger....
M
Entity 20500-2-0151
Stay away from Rapid City
Summer camp is being harassed by…. Something. (pt 1)
I've got a second job "leasing" my mind while I sleep. My last assignment ruined my life.
there is something in my balls?
The Mykonos Wind
Summer camp is being harassed by…. Something. (part 1 from a series)
These broken shards showed me my soulmate. Or so I thought.
i think there is something in my balls.... .. . (reupload)
(Part 7) My great-aunt left me a note of rules and warnings. There is a lady in the woods. Who is the Lady in White?
The tramp who broke in for whisky
A Desire for Simpler Times
"A haunted love house"
There’s no detention at my highschool... Instead, they send you to the ‘Wasp Room’
The Mykonos Wind
It runs in the family
Dr. Morrigan's Case Files: Hannah and the Heart Beater
It Came Out Of The Swamp, And Now Its Moving Closer.
The Doll - NoSleep Creepypasta
Has Anyone Noticed the Moon is Getting Bigger?
Has Anyone Else Noticed the Moon is Getting Bigger?
Automatonophobia
hello
I’ve seen you before. But where?
The Devil’s Nightmare
Has Anyone Noticed The Moon is Getting Bigger?
When I was 11 Years Old, I Played a Possessed Gameboy
I Opened My Own Store Called Xeno, Something Strange Is Happening
Hello, this is for anyone interested in getting their short story published ! May the force be with you !
I inherited a house.
The maniacal laughter is coming
‏Shadows people
Is anybody missing a red USB thumb-drive?
Why and how I lost my BEST friend
My Lover is Dead
I set a trap to confront some local porch pirates. Things went very south, very quickly.
I Opened My Own Store Called Xeno, Theres Deadly Acid In The Closet
I Opened My Own Store Called Xeno, Theres Deadly Acid In The Closet.
A stranger came up to me in the supermarket and claimed to be my husband. Part Two Update.
Sundowners
I Was An Actress On A Forgotten Nineties Sitcom. It Turned Out I Still Had A Fan. PART 1
Sundown Town (Part I)
The head under the bed
I'm a Doctor practicing rural medicine. I have some strange patients. Part 1.
I found a book at the beach
A man who calls himself a liar visited our town and now people are losing their heads
Our prison kept a man in isolation for 50 years
An Infinity of Rats
Two Cops Get Trapped While Looking To Get A Fix
I don’t wear this for myself. I wear it for you.
How I spent my summer tutoring kids at Indigo Courts &amp; the dark secrets I learned within- part 4
There's a room in the house where my father keeps secret research for his biotech company. I finally broke the lock. (FINAL)
I thought True Moments was a great app. Then it started stealing my memories.
My Dead Brother Rescued Us From Kidnappers
Jesus
Flashbacks of 78’
There’s a haunted bathroom in my school. And I accidentally entered it and saw strange things.
Storm of the Century - Short Horror
This is real no joke
closet
I discovered a town where no one is allowed to die.
Daves Weird Foot Fetish
DO NOT OPEN THIS EMAIL
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I am unqualified for this position (part 1)
The Man in the Wardrobe
Be Aware of The Walls
I'm a Body-hopper, My Current Host Doesn't Meet My Standards
Be Aware of The Walls
The Walls Can Hear and See Everything
Water Spring9%
My friend has another world inside her hijab
I found some casette tapes while burying my dog
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Angel Cave
I found some casettes while burying my dog
How Do I Forget - Ash W.
wine bottles and footsteps
How Do I Forget - Ash W.
So glad I found this community! I've been having trouble sleeping for a while now and I'd like to know how to easily fall asleep again thanks :)
somebody may be living in my walls
My Pop Pop in Heaven sent me 3 dogs
How Do I Forget...
My Best Friend Led Me Through Seven Layer of Hell Part 1
My Best Friend Led Me Through Seven Layers of Hell
My Best Friend Led Me Through Seven Ring of Hell part 1
My best friend led me through seven layers of hell part 1
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Username connected to my Aunt who is in Heaven
Michael Edward Brooks was always seen as a strong guy by his colleagues.
A stranger came up to me in the supermarket today and claimed to be my husband.
A man came up to me in the grocery store today and claimed to be my husband.
The bad hospital
I Never Wake Up In The Same Place Twice.
I Never Wake Up In The Same Place Twice.
Imaginary Friend
I lost my three best friends in a way that will haunt me for as long as I’m alive.
ISO Haunted Car stories
Ellie Grace pt. 1
TO: Rebecca. My love and pride. I miss your warmth.
I was wrong.
My Family Is Cursed- But I Am Fighting Back - Part 3
I lost my wife, but now she's back.
i think there is something in my balls...
Organ collector
A hedgehog talked to me and threatened my Wife.
I was one of the kids who saw "The Flatwoods Monster Of West Virginia".
There are eyes in my closet
Welcome
2 Sentence Horror Thing
I thought no one was home, was in for an unpleasant surprise.
Did You Lock The Door?
The Barn - Part 4
Everything Is Okay Now
Stupid flowers
I work in an underwater laboratory. We just lost contact with our sister lab.
why can i hear his screams for help?
I found a ecosystem in my bedside drawer, I wish I hadn’t.
Lasik surgery went very wrong... Help.
Paradisal Sequence
Never be alone [part 1]
Accidentally Summoned some Demons
Violet the Doll (Haunted Doll)
Childhood memories
Im a twitch streamer and i have a crazed stalker
Possession
My cat keeps putting human body parts in my shoes.
Henry sends out the best type of invitations
My nightmares are becoming my reality
I foolishly believed a bullshit projection of life expectancy, and it cost my friend their life.
Ghost Stories from My Childhood. [Part 1]
There's faint crying coming from apartment 43
Strange Outbreak [Update 2]
I Fed A Bot 500 Horror Stories and Made It Write Its Own
The time before Time. A bubble of space. Family Time.
I Fed A Bot 500 Horror Stories and Made It Write Its Own
The uncanny valley
THE TAPESTRY
I'm being stalked by someone or something
schoolshooting
How I escaped the facility of a sadistic mastermind.
I have a box that gives me answers to everything I say, today the box didnt know the answer (Part 1)
the first time that I died by freddegran on reddit
I should not have subscribed to my mothers only fans account.
Ellie Grace Will Take Your Place Pt. 1
to have and to hold
Somehow, we are all responsible for the death of somebody, all of us...
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Asteroid - Follow-up
The ring of the bell signals the death of another camper [2]
The God in the living room (Part 2)
I went camping
RELEASE SPECIMEN X
The God in the living room (part 2)
How I spent my summer tutoring kids at Indigo Courts &amp; the dark secrets I found within- part 3
Karma seems to be real
There's a room in the house where my father keeps secret research for his biotech company. I finally broke the lock. (Part 2)
The tax of sanity: Something was growing inside me
This really happened to me last night and I don’t know where else to post it
The song.
Followed Home The Prequel The House on Roseway
I can see lost things.
How I escaped the facility of a sadistic mastermind.
We found it, but something is very wrong.
I'm a security guard in an old mental hospital. Damnit, Debbie.
A Corner of Hell
The Hotel Veritas PT 1
I'm a commentator for a tournament of nightmares. I found out where the NFC gets its nightmares from.
The Baby and the Crab Spider
I can’t sleep.Narcolepsy
Narcolepsy
A Hunter's Tale
The Dream Journal
The death of an emotion
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I found an ecosystem in my bedside drawer, I wish I hadn't
If your outside in the dark, never run
I thought my daughter’s imaginary friend was harmless, now I need some advice
I think I’m a murderer..
I should not have subscribed to my girlfriend's onlyfans account.
Was harassed and threatened by railway coolies
I like to murder influencers whenever they ask me for free stuff. I’m beginning to think that maybe it’s not my best idea.
I wonder what would the state of Reddit be if negative Sub-votes meant the same as Upvotes.
Too late...
My father's journals make me suspect he didn't die from natural causes (Part 2)
Short story
I’ll Never Forget That Place...
Me and My Friends Took a Walk in the Woods, It had rules [1]
My name is Stephanie, and my parents aren’t considered “real”.
Why did my parents murder me? Was it because the door full of secrets awaited me?
This is my life
My Office Building Doesn’t Have a 13th Floor
The Hunter
A Girl I Went to School with, Left Me Her Dollhouse in Her Will.
The hunter.
The hunter
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Too late
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Soldiers Vietnam encounter with a strange beast
What would you think about this,
I thought my sister was home but, I was gravely mistaken...
We bury people in the back of the school
I was possessed by a demon for years
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
It took everything and everyone
Need help. What do I do. Stuck in backrooms
Really bad indigestion.
(Part 7) My great-aunt left me a note of rules and warnings. The girl in the woods...
My Family Is Cursed- Part 2
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The special ring I inherited from my half-sibling
My friend told me not to look out any windows until 6 PM. I did. (Part 2)
Went in to get my wisdom teeth out, left with fresh trauma
how to deal with paranormal shit: chapter 1 - that bitch in the woods
HELP ME. INAPPROPRIATE TOUCHING WHILE SLEEPING.
Grandma Loves You
I need help finding a story on this sub
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Performance Review, Part 1
I received two christmas presents, the first one was amazing, but then came the second one... (PART 1)
Killing Mrs Baker is the best decision I've ever made
My mask won't come off
My brother knocks on my door every night.
THE TAPESTRY – OR HOW I CAME TO LEARN THAT AN EVIL PRESENCE WITHIN THE WOVEN THREADS UPON MY WALL WAS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE BRUTAL MURDER OF MY HUSBAND AND ABDUCTION OF MY SON.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Do any of you know the name of the subreddit where people post their stories to be narrated on youtube?
I thought my daughter’s imaginary friend was harmless, now I need some advice.
Asteroid Viewing - Follow-up
Creepy story about apartment 1098
I'm born blind but after getting a surgery to see again, something's not right
There's No Telling What You May See As A Limo Driver
Strange Outbreak [Update 2]
An Intrusion
The street light that flickers at 5am every night
The Goth and the Pork
I think it's following me..
My sister and I are staying at my uncle's lake house. She found a treasure map that's leading us to something sickening - Part 4
Everyone acted like she never existed. And then the police came.
I Lived With Monsters
My Name is Everly Mae and I've Done Something Terrible
The father and principle were nowhere to be found.
Mindbender: The Beginning of the End [Part 1]
The Statue in the Mountains has a Hold on my Heart
Release the Simmons cut!
I was just recruited as an Explorer of Realities, and I think something is seriously wrong with that deer
The Invisible Hand
Me and my Friends took a weird walk in the Woods, It has rules [1]
A Divided Soul.
I Met a Strange Sea Creature in my Dreams, and Saw it For Real the Next Day
My Daughter’s friend who may never had existed
I don’t think my dog is real
Where the Orphans Played, Pt. III
The birds hate me for what I have done
Asteroid Viewing - Follow-up
My Family is Cursed- Part 2
If you're outside after dark, never run.
Killer Clown Act-2: The League Of Clowns
Never trust anyone
Killer Clown Act-2: The League Of Clowns
The Moon Flickered [Part 1]
My friend told me not to look out of any windows until 6 PM. I did. (Part 2)
Followed Home The Prequel The House on Roseway
Followed Home The Prequel The House On Roseway
The Moon Flickered (Part 1/2)
I met the voice in your head that tells you to do bad things.
My friend told me not to look out of any windows until 6 PM. I did. (Part 2)
f r u i t i n g b o d i e s
Something is off at the university libraryThe End of Days. PART 1
The Days of The End. PART 1
Soldiers beast encounter in Vietnam - True Story
Best encounter in Vietnam - True Story
There something waiting at my door, it wont leave...
Just Another Day
How I spent my summer tutoring kids at Indigo Courts &amp; the dark secrets I learned within- part 2
There's a room in the house where my father keeps secret research for his biotech company. I finally broke the lock.
The 5th Rule of Babysitting
Hair
What is wrong with this camp.
What is wrong with this camp (chapter 1)
I watched myself die in the reflection of a puddle. The being that killed him is in my home.
I'm a butcher who creates meat sculptures of other people. They recently came to life.
My brother was my best friend. I finally told my parents why I killed him.
I Work For An Assisted Suicide Company, Sometimes We Get Surprise Patients
Daddy
Document Nr. 9
I'm a security guard in an old mental hospital. We found a secret spiral staircase..
I found a picture of my dead friend on my phone
test
Furry maniac
Is something in my attic?
VTA Bus 306 DT Express
They will try to stop you, don't interact with them.
I found a tunnel at the end of a forestry service road on no maps and in no records that leads into a mountain with no exit, and thats not the weirdest part. [Part 2]
Hell awaits
There's a watchtower on our school grounds and no one is allowed to leave the premise after midnight
Trapped in Europe
Dark Shepherd
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
CreepsMcPasta locked me in a box and I wonder why no one believes I'm here.
Trapped in Europe
It won't let me leave.
First Day of Hell - Orientation (Part 1)
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
First Day Of Hell - Orientation (Part 1)
You would do the same.
The Boy and the Basilisk
The Cost of Living
my balls have something inside them...
There's something outside my door, it wont leave...
Our boring town had a carnival come through it. It had rides, games and rules. (Part 1)
Mirror Mirror
The Pact - part one
There’s someone living in my power outlet.
Passing Thoughts
God is Dead, And It killed them
I sell demon and ghost removal on Craigslist. It's not worth the money.
Mile Marker 13
There are black bears in my woods, this was not a black bear.
The Lemmings
I am laying in bed and watching someone creeping through all my windows slowly 😱
The Nourishing Nightmare
My Family is Cursed- Part 1
We thought it was a haunted house.....
Trapped in Europe
Phantom Pain
The Backrooms of Hell Part 2 reliving my worst case.
“You, uh, ever heard of this game called Maxwell’s Demon Door?”
My Basement Just Felt Funny
At my school, there's a Murder Club.
The Backrooms of Hell part 2 My Worst Nightmare. Again...
Followed home
Who’s Ash?
My deadly encounter with my mother-in-law
My friend told me not to look out any windows until 6 PM. I did.
The God in the living room
how do i get out of here?
Smile
Justine can’t sleep.
Smile
i shouldn't have moved away
Red
We got the twenty week scan back yesterday.
I never believed he was odd, but now I regret it.
There's a demon at my uni
Red
True Diary of a Ghost Hunter Vol 1
I accidentally opened a door to hell.
True Diary of a Ghost Hunter Vol 1
There's a demon at my uni
Behind Me, Over My Shoulder
Asteroid Viewing
The Bastard Circus
The Oblivion Project
A few months back, they decided to release the “news.”
The Birds are Organizing
I can't stop going back to Circle Rock
Barry and I Should've Kept Using It [Part 2]
I am a serial Killer and nobody knows who I am.
I am a serial Killer and noby knows who I am.
Whenever People Share Their Paranormal Experiences I Always Win
Different aunt
THE COSMIC BEYOND PART TWO: THE COSMIC GUARD
My second day at Disney World and let's make a deal. (4)
I work on an inpatient psych ward
A new horror subreddit for the slightly more macabre and less realistic horror fiction r/horrorforall
Killer Clown Act-I: The Devil’s Circus
The 5 rules to living and surviving in the voidI work as part of a research team in Greenland. We think we've found Noah's Ark. [Part 3]
Something Lived Inside Me
Handy
hell awaits
the dead are here in my room (true story)
Barry And I Should've Kept Using It (Part 2)
I am a serial killer and nobody knows who I am
Gone but trapped forever
Sinkful of Teeth
Barry Stopped Using it and I've Never Been More Terrified (Part 2)
I never expected this....
I Speedrun Nightmares
Mr. Toad
I'm a streamer on Twitch and last night, my home info got leaked. Someone broke into my house and I don't think I'll ever get over it again.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Mr.Toad (NSFW)
Barry Stopped Using it and I've Never Been More Terrified (Part 2)
Digital Apparition
A Note from the Past
Watch the Girl
He Stopped Using It and I've Never Been So Afraid
I'm a commentator for a tournament of nightmares. I've seen what some will do to win and it terrifies me.
How I spent my summer tutoring kids at Indigo Courts &amp; the dark secrets I learned within
I need to wright about my life as a diver before its to late.
I Speedrun Nightmares (DISC ONE)
How to Save a Life (part 1)
Barry Stopped Using it and I've Never Been More Terrified
Barry Stopped Using it and I've Never Been More Terrified (Part 2)
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Barry Stopped Using it and I've Never Been More Terrified (Part 2)
Barry Stopped Using it and I've Never Been More Terrified (Part 2)
Barry Stopped Using it and I've Never Been More Terrified [Part 2]
Barry Stopped Using it and I've Never Been More Terrified [Part 2]
The Many Eyes of the Ocean
Clowns have always creeped me out, but I never realized they were a threat to my family. Please don't make the same mistake.
The red cloaks are in town (part 2)
HELP REAL SERIAL KILLER FOUND!!!
I Work as a Guard on a Graveyard
Storm of the Century - Published on WattPad
“Are we there yet?” I asked Dad.
For a price, I will be your friend for a day. This morning, someone paid me to be their enemy.
El Silbador - The Whistler (Part 2)
My dorm has rules that no one told me about, rules that could possibly end a life (Part 2)
Not a lovely story, but im looking to find 1
Had nightmare of meeting Donald trump and he was using an oculus quest and was hitting on me.
The thing in my room.....
I fought in the Vietnam War, and I am here to tell you about another chemical that they used.
My Son has been acting strange lately
My wife passed away unexpectedly at 32 years old last Sunday night leaving behind myself and our two 12 year old boys. I have a GoFundMe posted along with our address incase anyone would like to mail something for the kids. The GoFundMe is called - Help The Lloyd Family, please share &amp; repost Thanks
I'm a necromancer, but not in the traditional sense.
I see things we weren’t meant to see
I see things we weren’t meant to see
A Dream Of Sadness and Pain
Who were those people on the trail?
I work as a school Janitor and weird stuff has been going down
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I worked at The Grand Petrichar Hotel this past summer. Whatever you do, don't go into the bathroom of Room 19.
My grandmother left me the secret to her famous recipe when she died.
The Break in
The story of Edgewood
Mimi's World Famous Beetroot Pudding
I Am An Exorcist And These Are My Stories Chapter Four.
The birthday Wish
J Mai is, quote, a "Black-Vietnamese, transgender nonbinary/gender transcendent mermaid Queen-King currently living out their ever-evolving truths in Winston-Salem." J Mai spoke at the DNC, advocating to abolish prisons abolish the police, and said the ultimate goal is a communist utopia. Thoughts?
Sinkful of Teeth
No Pictures
Better to be safe than sorry
Mother had a night terror
Sleepover at granny's
Just lost
I'm *even more* convinced that my roommate is dead.
I Perform Exorcisms, I travel with the Mother of Demons (Part 2)
Tales from the Clinic for Addled Minds
I Inherited my Mother's Cottage, and now my Life is in Danger
I had a cat "stalker"
I met a minor and a week later, I was killed
The Backrooms of Hell
Purgatory isn't absolute darkness, it's what can be found between Heaven and Hell, making it the least explored, yet absolutely terrifying section known to man
I’m on a sinking ship, and I like it
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I was recruited as an Explorer of Realities, and I think something is seriously wrong with that deer
Come and join me in my twist and turns of a minigame...
Homage
{ Lady of || the Clouds } II r/Nosleep
I took a book from one of those "Little Libraries". I wish I could put it back. (Part 1)
The Thing In My Bedroom
Flash
The Thing In My Bedroom
My Reoccurring Clown Nightmare.
The Ghost that took me back in time.
Reoccurring Nightmare (TW: Clowns, Gore)
how to deal with paranormal shit: chapter 1 - that bitch in the woods
The Voices
The Rule of 3
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
My dorm has rules that no one told me about, rules that could possibly end a life || Part 2
I think something might be wrong with my dog? [Part 1]
I had sex with a minor and a month later, I was killed
Dear Michael
I THINK I HAVE PTSD AND RINGING IN THE EARSAND IM ON EDGE ALL DAY AND CANT SLEEP AT NIGHT THATS WHATLISTENING TO MY THOUGHTS HAS DONE TO MEI've Been To Hell, This Is What I Saw (Finale)
Hey, asshole, I know what you did.
I've Been To Hell, This Is What I Saw (Finale)
what is climate change gonna do
Backrooms
2 in 1
A few months back, they decided to release the “news.”
Luck, God, Whatever
My name is Christine and I have a face.
El Silbador - The Whistler (Part 2)
Not an author and THIS actually HAPPENED, to ME...
THE HAPPY PLACE
Visions
My House
(Part 6) My great-aunt left me a note of rules and warnings.
Life and Death in the Midwest
Regarding recent allegations against horror narrators - Megathread
My Boyfriend's Dad Raped Me
Woke up to this three minute static-filled voicemail from my fiancee. We went to bed around 10. Not looking forward to Thursday...
I haven't seen my housemate in a week
I think there's something living inside me
Summoning demons.
I woke up 9 months pregnant
Footsteps
My new apartment is driving me mad.
Greta took me to a haunted house
Where the Orphans Played, Pt. II
I can't sleep at night
My mom is a psychopath.. heres why
Sometimes I get called upon to Settle the Score
I belong to a fae. I need your help.
Red
Security Industry Specialist Tells All
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The Oil Man
I bought a cursed painting
The Lady On The Bus
I dreamed again of my childhood imaginary friend
The more I cut myself the better I feel, my bullies on the other hand........
I used to love to listen to those "4 Hours of Ambient Rain Sounds" to relax and clear my mind. I don't find them so relaxing anymore...
My Pug Laid Eggs
I Told Myself A Joke In My Dream
When you go to heaven, they take your skin.
[Not a story] What's a horror story?
If you ever hear distorted vocals, RUN
My wife has an ugly side when she sleepwalks
I’m on a sinking ship, and I like it
My cat kept screaming at night and now I know why.
how to deal with paranormal shit: chapter 1 - that bitch in the woods
Me and My best friend Stayed at my grandpa's old cabin for some days. It didn't end well.
I was almost kidnapped in front of my parents
Heard a faint moaning/whistling noise outside my house at night.
The oil man
A new member of my forum made some creepy posts [1]
how to deal with paranormal shit: chapter 1 - that bitch in the woods
how to survive paranormal shit: chapter 1 - that bitch in the woods
My Girl
Will
I found a tunnel at the end of a forestry service road on no maps and in no records that leads into a mountain with no exit, and thats not the weird part.
The Shepherd of Ghosts
Story 2: Advanced Bravery and Sacifice
My ex-boyfriend thought he killed me, I killed him instead
My ex-boyfriend thought he killed him, I killed him instead
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I was resting
This morning the toilet seat was warm, I live alone
A Whole New Breed Of Monster
I lost internet
I lost internet
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
tHiS sToRy iSnT wHaT iT sEeMs
Something ran across my lawn at night, and it wanted us gone.
This morning the toilet seat was warm, I live alone
The Day I Delivered A Mattress To The Cul-de-sac
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
My first Sleep Paralysis... And Sleep Paralysis Demon...
Intermittent Feasting
Message from Ward Staff: ??/??/???
The Cosmic Beyond: The Cosmic Guard
Why I’m still in hiding, alone with no identity
I don't want to be a Paramedic anymore.
My daughter died five months ago. I'm being contacted by her since the last two days.
Guilty Pleasure
I don’t want to be a Paramedic anymore.
I Thought it was just barking
it was the same rain
My Mom Made a "Mermaid", I'm Next.
tHiS sToRy iSnT wHaT iT sEeMs
My grandma's incident when she was little
Yikes these stories are hit or miss.
tHiS sToRy iSnT wHaT iT sEeMs
It was a literal shot in the dark.
(Part 6) My great-aunt left me a note of rules and warnings. Questions have answers.
ThIs sTorY iSn'T wHaT iT SeEmS
#SaveTheChildren
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I Cannot See Beyond the Windows. (Part 4) (FINAL)
FINGERBANG by fredrik granström
How to Survive Camping: the lady in the woods
I'm a correctional officer at an underground prison. I think the warden is up to something. (Final)My friend worked as an overnight janitor, they told me what happened on their last night before they went missing
Black Hollow
Hey 👋 👉👌 92311
"Ladies and Gentlemen of the jury"
Your world is a simulation. I'm the developer.
My urologist put a creature in my balls. Part 1.
Green Valley
"Dear Detective"
The Big Bang
I think I accidentally stepped into an alternate reality
We discovered a new parasite in Antarctica
My dead father's journals led me to a house that shouldn't exist
I've Been To Hell, This Is What I Saw (Part 8)
Mindbender: Part 1
THE CONFESSIONS OF BRITTANY
Room 12A
My wife dropped our baby.
We built a gateway to a star 1,470 lightyears from Earth, and I can't keep what we saw on the other side a secret anymore.
The Dream Sequence part 1
The spirits in my house are getting louder. They wont stop talking.
I came in to the office to clean up after a surprise party, but there was one guest that stayed too late *Gore Warning*
My name is Christine, I don't have a face and my time is running out.
One person where I live apparently never ages.
Green Valley
I’m a surgeon. Someone came to get something removed, it was terrifying
The Secret of the Cabin
Auras.
I work as part of a research team in Greenland. We think we've found Noah's Ark. [Part 2]
Horror stories
The words I speak are not the same as the thoughts I have
My Best Friend is Buried in Two Graves
I think there's something living inside me
The Journal
MacroWare Wing Sim
My Favorite Things
Homeless Martha
The Patient - by Je`Von Miller
my neighbor tried to stab me
My sister told me she would always protect me
Calling all night owls who depend on coffee pods for their santity
The Journal
Rools 4 the hose
The Devil lives among us. His words made me lose faith in everything
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I've Been To Hell, This Is What I Saw (Part 7)
I ran away, and I wish I didn't.
The Balloon People
The Burial of my Great Great Grandfather
Scary Haunted House Stories Vol 1
I HAVE JUST FOUND OUT THAT THE DEATH THRETS IVE BEN GETTING ARE FAKE,DONE BY S..I.S
A Demon-Killing Creature Is Stealing My Job (Part 1)
Former Gang Stalking Private Security Spills on Program!
[non fiction] I believe I upset something I don't understand
6 feet under. ( my first story i’m posting and young so please go easy)
Real fact, just happened. Saw my reflection in a mirror while sleeping.
She's helping me, but I someone found us.
She’s a Beauty
I keep having nightmares about my imaginary friend from childhood.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I used to live in a world where the stars had died.
Smoke over the Bend. [PT1]
I’m a commentator for a tournament of nightmares. Sometimes it comes down to pure luck.
My mother always called Dorothy my imaginary friend, but the truth was far more tragic...
Hairs of the Queen
NiT. EiP.
MacroWare Wing Sim
Nothing is true. Everything is permitted.
I can’t seem to wake up from my sleep paralysis
I Felt it staring at me, then I heard it's whistle
Come down to Carol's Corner Craze for a Bargain you Won't Miss!
Pep Rally!
un pinnie minnie
The grass is always greener on the other side, my scumbag father learned that a little too late.
Your first name initial replaces the first letter of your home state/country. What is your new name?
The Fridge
Weekly Creep Podcast looking for your stories!!!
Eyes on Me
Something watches me through the cracks in the door...
They Feed on Dreams
Judge, jury, and prosecutor
What happened?
Something Extra, Something Dead
I'm beginning to think my roommate is dead.
The twenty-week scan results were "inconclusive" [NSFW]
Never Donate Your Kidney
The Doll
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
My sister and I are staying at my uncle's lake house. She found a treasure map that's leading us to something sickening - Part 3
face...
This is a confession and a warning: we’re close to the 103rd fold and it’s my fault
Never Approach the Ice Cream Van
This is a confession and a warning: we’re close to the 103th fold and it’s my fault
Neurosis
Where The Orphans Played
So recently I heard about this app, randonaut.
Look
I process undeliverable mail for the USPS. Here's another dead letter that creeped me out
Haunted Painting Number 9.
Valse Du Petit Chien
He will find youI Can't Sleep
The Waltz of the Faceless
What Nani!?
Nani she said
Christine had no face and no manners.
Facebook Group for Book Lovers
The Roommate Ritual
My cousin the taxidermist
[Part 7] Fontainebleau Forest
Green
Crossroads
Crossroads Creepypasta
Green
Someone stole my watch
THIS IS WHY I HATE DOLLS
The game
Uncle Jack Doesn’t Have Eyes
I'm Being Hunted By a Biological Weapon (PART ONE)
I Stopped At An Inn For The Night...
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I work as part of a research team in Greenland. We think we've found Noah's Ark. [Part 1]
Crossroads(Creepypasta)
My new apartment is driving me mad.
The Mean Thing that Lives in the Cellar
Scariest horror stories?
Never Walk At Night
The Choice of Either Rhyming or Dying
The God Complex
Anyone else remember being a kid and imagining something sprinting alongside you when you were in your family cat?
The Thing They Carried- final
People have been Snatched from my Dreams – I Think I'm Next
I work for the Federal Communications Commission, and we kept getting calls about an AM station.
There's a cricket on the ceiling
All the bridges that lead out of my city have raised, It's been 4 hours now and they haven't gone back down. Something is going on. (Part 2)
My Boyfriend's New Diet
If you've read any stories on here in the past two weeks, you might be in danger.
I've Been To Hell, This Is What I Saw (Part 7)
The Lifetime Cycle
There's a clown in my bathroom. He feeds on darkness.
I just started working at a brand new museum. Now I have a multicolored taxi!
The Girl at the End of the Hallway
The Dog Called Shadow
I'm a retired cryptozoologist. One creature I discovered haunts me to this day, and it's still out there.
THE GUVERNMENT IS THRETENING TO KILL ME
She takes my pain.
The Girl at the End of the Hallway
DAE remember being a kid in the car with their parents and imagining something was sprinting along the road beside you?
DAE remember being a kid in the car with your family and imaging something was sprinting along the road beside you
I had a near-death experience when I was fifteen. I know the truth about the afterlife. It's more terrifying than you can imagine. PART ONE
Room 12A
I Keep seeing it in my dreams.
My Grandma told me her disturbing secret 2 years ago, it still haunts me to this day PART 2
I used to work in the team censoring pictures for Google Images. Beside gore and children pornography there are things that are unimaginable.
Our old apartment
There's something behind the fireplace.
Our old apartment
Margo Richards
I'm a chemist and we had a freak accident at the lab. The entire city is in danger. [Final]
My mama cooks the best Adobo so I brought my best friend in for a taste
I'm trapped in my house being forced to read War and Peace
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I wanted my son back but it came at a price.
Where exactly is Aleister, Maine? (Part 7) (Final)
The Beggar Prince
My Friend/Roommate Was Afraid &amp; Told Her Former Pimp That I Was Her Fiancé
What are some of the best stories on this sub?
My name is Jeremy Eastside. My daughter was kidnapped 20 years ago. She came back today - part 2 (Final).
There's Something in the Forest on my Property
Never use a public restroom.
Beware the Madness
I Downloaded a Test Build
The West is more wild than you think
Invisible Strings
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
An Amazing Community, silly!
"I don't even want to ask"
Had an encounter with a man in the woods
The Motel
Flashbacks of 78’
Trying to track down a story I read once
Beach Lights
My friend, Greta, showed me something in the woods and I really need advice
My friend, Greta, shows me a bunker in the woods and I really need advice
My cat usually says goodnight, where is she? It's been two days. [1/2]
My name is Ethan and Death is in love with me
T O M A T O
T o m a t o
I think my mom saved me from a demon trying to take me to hell.
She Was Perfection
She Was Perfection
Flashbacks of 78’
I was hopeless before I found my mission (Part 1)
Haunting Dream
The Doll
Gaslight
My Girlfriend Never Takes Off Her Makeup But I Finally Caught Her And Now I'm Scared For My Life (Part 3)
You can put one f-bomb into any Harry Potter movie. Where are you putting it?
My Girlfriend Never Takes Off Her Makeup But I Finally Caught Her And Now I'm Scared For My Life (Part 3)
I think I met a demon that wanted to take me down with it in the cemetery.
My first Sleep Paralysis... And Sleep Paralysis Demon...cows and cats
People say Hartwitt Hospital is haunted... And that I'm the one haunting it
My Number 1 Fan
Mr. Paisley Stopped Mowing His Yard
The Last Unwrapping Party On Earth (Part Eight)
My Number 1 Fan
My Terrifying Dream
Part 2 of The Whistler in works.
My Terrifying Dream.
Glasses
Someone is Controlling My Dreams and Making Them My Reality
The Portland Running Club is Looking for New Recruits
My terrifying dream.
I process undeliverable mail for the USPS. The dead letters are starting to creep me out
Just A Fan
My boyfriend needs to be drunk in order to have sex with me. (part 2)
What I found at a Haunted Motel in Kansas was not a ghost, but something much worse
YOU CAN NEVER GIVE IN TO TERERISUM OR TEREISTIC THREATS
I Cannot See Beyond the Windows. (Part 3)
The Unseen
The Monster Whisperer. Part 3
Flashbacks of 78’
My name is Christine and I don't have a face because a dead girl wants hers back.
How my shadow f*cked me and i enjoyed it
Flashbacks of 78’
Flashbacks of 78’
New creepypasta/SCP channel suggested authors
I kept hearing bangs on my door. Today I opened the door. PART 1
Unexplained Phone Calls
My Mom Is Forcing Me To Watch The Programming. Please Help.
I hear bangs on my door. Today I opened the door.
My name is max, and I track dangerous unknowns
Every year, they send it to hunt me-PART ONE
Well, That Was Weird.
My name is max, and I track dangerous unknowns
My name is max, and I need track down dangerous unknowns
Ouija Board Possible Zozo encounter?
Ouija Board Possible Zozo encounter?
Ouija Board Zozo encounter?
Does anyone else remember when Fox News tried stealing the leap day off this year?
Possession
Never go to West Virginia
A Cat Called Basket
The kick-off
I went to a Church camp.
The Thing They Carried
I'm a commentator for a tournament of nightmares. There's darker things going on here than just the fights.
I've been stuck inside for a month
The world has gone to hell, and it is time for action (PART 1)
I've Been To Hell, This Is What I Saw (Part 6)
Story time! ✨🙏
Dr. Morrigan's Case Files: Adelaide and the Paper Man
I'm a security guard in an old mental hospital. Samantha's 'Song of Suffering' is a #1 hit!
The red cloaks are in town
I'm a chemist and we had a freak accident at the lab. The entire city is in danger. [4]
Arachnophobia (part 2)
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Arachnophobia (part 1)
My Moms Sister, Lisa.
I found a severed head in a field, and set out on a journey to reunite it with its body
Những mẫu rèm lá dọc phòng khách sang trọng, trang nhã
My name is Jeremy Eastside. My daughter was kidnapped 20 years ago. She came back today.
My Friend sally likes to climb on the end of my bed but there’s no ladder there
Unnerving Images
I put a mood ring on a doll and I will never forget what happened.
Cum
Camp Wanahee (Part 8)
The world has gone to hell, it is time for action (PART 1)
Attack of the simps.
Beyond the Camp Grounds
Beyond the Camp Grounds
Under the Ice
The Girl I Was
I Find Things
You don't wanna know.
What Was In There?
When Breath Goes Missing
His feet kept walking
The Visit. [pt1]
They're in the water
So my Brother most likely got possessed...
Room 12a
Something has been eating the rats in my attic
Nyuki
The dream sequence part 1
Room 12a
Deadly father
The funeral has passed and the time for laughter has begun... Returning here was a bad idea. (Part 3)
The funeral has passed and the time for laughter has begun... Returning here was a bad idea. (P3)
My wife and I wanted to spice up our sex life.
I am in a race for my life.
The Suitcase
You're Addicted Too
Pandemic Dxck Pt. 1
I Got Plastic Surgery and Now I Have the Face of a Dead Girl (Final)
The Gar-Nessie
Ghost Month begins tonight. Follow these rules if you wish to survive.
Baby monitor
I Used to Live in a Haunted House
Monster ExpressI used to Live in a Haunted House
My Late Sister's Last Journal
I Used to Live in a Haunted House
My Late Sister's Journal (CW: Sexual Violence, Suicide)
Senioritis
Never ride your motorcycle near the woods at night
Paulie whispered without using his mouth
The House Keeper
The Perfect Audience
My grandmother, Victoria
Why is it so Hard to Forget and Move On?
The ice-cream man
My name is Christine and I can borrow other people's faces.
My first story, go easy on me
Tell me what to do, she's still standing there!
Every couple of years an orphan gets lost (part one)
A wild animal bit me and now strange things keep happening
The Dark Web is not what you think it is.
They were always there
I Cannot See Beyond the Windows. (Part 2)
Has anyone else heard the laughing?
Creepypasta Storytime: Squidward's Suicide
Cliffs
Every three months my daughter and I have had to move. It's time to end it. Final Chapter
Disconnect
I found an old box of vhs tapes in my attic
Avoid that house at all costs.
Room 12a
Room 12a
They Call it the Rake
We’re coming back from Mars, and I think something came with us. Part 1
100 days after laser eye surgery
Mr Morrow
Observations &amp; notes made whilst birdwatching between: 11th August and 23rd August 2019.
I just got a letter to work at a museum.
I just got a letter to work as a night guard at a museum.
I fell in love with one of my co-workers. I had no choice but to follow her home.
Count
Everyone Disappears.... Everyone Except It
The ring of the bell signals the death of another camper
Journal found in the Sahara
All the bridges that lead out of my city have raised, It's been 4 hours now and they haven't gone back down. Something is going on.
Could someone make a 2020 list of rules stories?
I was part of an island exploration team in the Indian Ocean...I was the only survivor PART 10
A case of deliberate cobalt-60 poisoning
Thasalophobia
Monster Hunter
Monster Hunter
If youre in the forest at night and hear female vocals, RUN!
I'm a security guard in an old mental hospital. What a demented dinner party..
Being Chased
I'm a chemist and we had a freak accident at the lab. The entire city is in danger. [3]
Being Chased
I’m doing online school and I found a set of rules under my laptop today...
My Son is Growing Up So Fast
The Wreck
Monster Hunter
Story to make you shart your pants PT. 1
I hate my new apartment
Story to make you crap your pants Pt 2
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The car that drives by itself Horror story Part 1
Sleepless nights on a shared bed
The beginning
The Car Drives by itself. fictional Horror story
I’ve always been weird......
I’ve always been weird......
I’ve always been weird.....
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I Am Immortal And I Would Rather Be In Hell
I Am Pretty Sure I Am Immortal And It's A Fate Worse Than Hell.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The Picnic Table
My insane story of escaping a DUI roadblock while stoned with an active warrant... This is the exact moment that changed my life around.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Bad Neighbor
The insane escape from a DUI roadblock while high with an active warrant... The exact moment that turned my life around.
My insane escape from DUI roadblock with an active warrant while high... the moment that changed my life around.
I know its been a while...
My Brother's Secret
Family secrets. They’re to die for.
The ghosts that haunt me
I'm so fucking scared, I don't know what to do! Please send help!
Bard's Tale In Modern Age (is it my hair?)
I had an unusual encounter 7 years ago and now I'm unable to close my eyes (Part 1)
I had an unusual encounter with something 7 years ago and now I'm unable to close my eyes. (Part 1)
Drifting away from my normal
Pulled Under
Two guys followed me and my mom in the store!
I was in a Coma for a year and awoke in another Dimension
Bottomless - Session 1
I can't even die
Has anyone else seen the mist?
Always ask about old tenants.
The beginning (Part 1)
(Born) in the Future , (Will die) in the Past
OPEN UP!
r/ostrov
Never Go Camping In Algonquin Park
Sure, Jan. (Part Two)The Turkey Hill Experience
Sure, Jan. (Part Two)
High Beams
Boyfriend's new diet
Your Number 1 Fan- Parts 3-4
Your Number 1 Fan
Sure, Jan. (Part Two)
3 Things to Consider Before Preparing Your Meal
Five years ago, I found coordinates in a glass bottle that washed up on shore. I'll never forget what I saw when we followed them.
First creepy story
I'm a commentator for a tournament of nightmares. There's more than one horrifying champion in the NFC.
I'm a Police Officer and this Emotionally Disturbed Person call may be my last
My sister and I are staying at my uncle's lake house. She found a treasure map that's leading us to something sickening - Part 2
Paranoia
Gettysburg Ghost Encounters
The Doctor is in
The time I was injured by a dream
TikTok killed my family
I'm quarantining in a hotel. It's day one of fourteen.
I'm quarantined in an Air Force hotel room, and something weird just happened.
My night terror “demon” followed me into reality
The Other Side Of My Bed Creaks When I Don't Look At It
If you see a black ice cream truck, run.
The Things That Lurk In the Depths-Part one
The Things From The Depths
Watchtower #4
Patty's Appetite
Watchtower four
The Thing they Carried Here Now Haunts our Land- part 1
face....
Why I never go fishing in the evening
I found coordinates in a bottle that washed up on shore. I wish I had never followed them.
TikTok killed my Family
Itsy bitsy spider crawled up the lonely man,
I got home from work and saw the kitchen lights on.
My name is Christine and I don't have a face.
John's Night Adventures
I'm attendee in a Hotel and I've been Dead since 1990.
Me and my brother caught an EVP
My night terror "demon" followed me into reality
The Rocking Horse
My sister went missing four years ago.
I Cannot See Beyond the Windows.
made you look!
From the Papers of Dr. Millicent Rossi, Arkham, Massachusetts
I'm the disillusioned creator of the grisly 'Raggedy Man' books. I fear my creations have come to life...
I'm the disillusioned creator of the grisly 'Raggedy Man' series. I fear my creations have come to life...
There's a sign at the lake that says "Don't feed the ducks!" I didn't listen and now I wish I had.
There's a sign at the lake that says "Don't feed the ducks!" I didn't listen, but now I wish I had.
There is something in the Mirror you don't know about.
Something strange is happening on my social media feeds
Something strange is happen on all my social media feeds
"Don't worry, it'll grow back."
The Cosmic Beyond
Chicago still haunts me.
Don't Go Down There
Deadly accusation
Reverse Vampire 12: The New Orleans Job
I Sacrifice Children On Behalf Of The United States Government
I Sacrifice Children On Behalf Of The United States Government
I just traveled time. After what I saw, I am glad I will die soon.
IT WAS IN THE BATHROOM
Туман окружает наш дом и я ничего не могу сделать?
I keep hearing a faint knocking from my kitchen cupboards
Last night someone killed me, and I think he’s still stalking me
Anyone know how to get rid of earwigs?
Crescendo
Overnight camping: The end. Final
A warning and a invitation.
The Night My Grandmother Saved My Life
Overnight camping: the end. (Final.)
A warning and an invitation
The thing in the hidden room. (Part 1)
An warning
The thing in the hidden room. (Part 1)
It Lived Inside My Arm
Bruh
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I'm a security guard in an old mental hospital. Did you want flies with that?
I’m a chemist and there was a freak accident at the lab. The entire city is in danger. [2]
I decided to take an unconventional job during this pandemic
You can run, but you can’t hide.
After 25 years, I no longer have a flying career, so I think it's time to talk about what happened at Petawanga Lake.
I've Been To Hell, This Is What I Saw (Part 5)
My name is Christine and I don't have a face.
Every year on my birthday, I have to die.
Creepy shadow
"Don't worry..."
I Unearthed Family History That Should Have Stayed Buried
The Incident
Trip Down Ol Memory lane 1
Trip Down Ol Memory Lane
Trip Down Ol Memory Lane
The Owl
A Strange Business Trip
I Got A Set Of Strange Rules At My Job As A Morgue Night Guard - Part 1
I Was Given A Set Of Strange Rules At My Job As A Morgue Night Guard - Part 1
I am an employee at a 7-11. Thing is, it doesn't show up on any gps. (Part 1)
Lowly Night in the Street 5 hours Relaxing Sounds of Rain Falling Down t...
I don’t think my friend is imaginary anymore.I Am Pretty Sure I'm Immortal And It's Not What You Think.
I cannot live much longer with the Others in my mind talking so loudly. Help, I beg for it.
Someone call me for a good time 3307872670
The shop-(pt 1) first hunt and first solo hunt
I Think My Old School is Haunted. [ Part 1 ]
They do exist.. They were just waiting
Why a self-employed person is different from a businessman
Painted Shut.
The oldest and more powerful secret society that everyone has missed...
The oldest and most powerful secret society that everyone has missed...
It's About Time
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Godless nights- (pt 1) my first hunt
Tips on dealing with estate sale?
There are rules to surviving the woods at night. My friend broke one
Removal
TIL that they don't over-exaggerate when they say that you must be at least perfect
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
What if I told
There was something in the bathroom
I've been alive since 1898
The Babydoll Experiment
I was born in 1898...
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Sure, Jan. (Part One)
Sure, Jan (Part One of ???)
I teach at a grade school for monsters. Some children are more monstrous than others.
What do you see when you're falling asleep?
On the way back from vacation, my dad stopped at a gas station, and went inside for some snacks. What came back was not my dad.(PART 1)
Australian government torture
If you ever receive a bag of seeds in the mail, DO NOT PLANT THEM.
Australian government torture system
I need answers I don’t care just give me one...
Hospital government secrets? . (true story)
If you ever receive seeds in the mail, DO NOT PLANT THEM.
How to Survive Camping: bad years are also expensive years
The Raggedy Man
I'm a nurse. I was just asked to kill my patient
The Ratworm
I ran into my Grandpa today. He died five years ago.
Mikko sees eyes in the woods
My grandmother accidentally baptized my younger brother to get him to stop lying. It did much more than that.
My grandmother warned me never to step on a crack. ( Part 1 )
Our new neighbors keep trying to get us to join a cult
I Delivered A Pizza To A Neighbourhood that doesn't Exist
Deerhead
Objection to Form: Part One
Never trust anyone over 15.
The Horned One
I think a lady ghost grew fond of me, followed me home and in my dreams.
Floorboards
Old Shuck
At the Holy Grail Casino, you gamble with a lot more than money
The SleeplessWatchdogs are looking for new mods!
the massacred boat trip
This is why I do not like hotels.
Mr. Paisley Stopped Mowing His Yard
The Tenant From Hell
My nightmare read into reality
I'm never going to a hotel again.
My nightmare became realize
School Invasion
Diary of a female serial killer. [1]
Then, she opened her eyes
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
High Beams
The green
The green (fake story)
My cousin checked a local urban legend. He's been missing for months.
Never Go Camping in alqonquin park
It Takes More Than Fucking Someone You Don't Know to Keep Warm
We found Alien Life that warned us of what was to come
My grandmother could sense the desert's feelings. I didn't listen to her.
Curse of the Werereaper
Then, she opened her eyes
emilie has confetti in her eyes
My new life with my stalker!
My Stalker
Then, she opened her eyes.
Search And Rescue
An Unassuming Door To The Underworld (Part 1)
"The Tapping"
Exhibit 1: The Drift
Beware. Breaking the rules may result in death
An Unassuming Door To The Underworld (Part 1)
I need help listening to my chemical romance is giving me powers (fake story)
"WHAT LURKS BELOW" a Lovecraftian short horror story
I finally found a specialist who could help with my anxiety
Beware, breaking the rules may result in death.
An Unassuming Door To The Underworld (Part 1 of 3)
The Painting
An Unassuming Door To The Underworld
The Incident
"WHAT LURKS BELOW" a Lovecraftian Short Horror Story
My Father taught me how to look at the night sky. He didn’t tell me it was looking back. (Part 5) FINAL
Exhibit 1: The Drift
Oh.... that was Strange...
My sister
I've always had the ability to see the future. Why does it all go dark?
When we found the creature, we thought it was an angel. We were just kids, ignorant of life's horrors. But now that twisted thing is free, and there's nothing we can do to stop it. [Final]Being Stevie Ray
Something is wrong with my friend, maybe she’s psychic?
Becoming Stevie Ray
My Father taught me how to look at the night sky. He didn’t tell me it was looking back. (Part 5/Final)
It Lived Inside My Arm
Becoming Stevie Ray
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
There's a Portal to Hell in the Intersection by my House
My Girlfriend Never Takes Off Her Makeup But I Finally Caught Her And Now I'm Scared For My Life (Part 2)
It Lived In My Arm
The Firefly Grove
The Firefly Grove
It Lived In My Arm (Revised)
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
they think they can just take it
Small town nights
I followed my dad thinking he was cheating on my mother, what I discovered was much worse.
No Extra Lives Part 1
I'm a chemist and we had a freak accident at the lab. The entire city is in danger.
my story, PARANOIA
I was given a creepy set of rules on my new job as a morgue night guard -Part 1
Clowns have always creeped me out. But after today, those freaks make me want to fucking die.
You told me
Don’t hide from cryptids in Alaska, they’re worse here
Jordan Peterson | Why you should pursue the unknown
i saw a demon
A threat to your existence.
Noises In The Dark
The Wandering Wraith of Wadgaon.
The cave underwater
The almost human creature I saw
I found a serial killer's journal in my attic (part one)
I'm a security guard in an old mental hospital. Where's the rest of Roger?
I went on a walk on the woods...things turned south when I found a old set of instructions hidden in a tree
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I live alone, but I don't feel alone.
Disturbing case of suicides in a small town retires a hardened detective.
Such Crimes You Cannot Imagine
Searching for Darkness
I Am Pretty Sure That I Am Immortal.....(Part One)
I Am Immortal....I Think.....(Real)
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The Basement
The Longest Night
I met a girl on Tinder. She's pretty, nice, and a crazy, jealous stalker. She might also be a vampire
Doll
The stalking in california pt 1
a garden of pink sunflowers
Don’t Trust the Doves
a garden of pink sunflowers
Suzy and the Mad Scientist
The Deep Pt.1 The Call: By Jayden Gimenez
I am in possession of a painting that kills people.
The Trails We Leave Behind
A field trip for losers.
A Reason To Live.
The Uhaul Truck
You, Again
the thing- pt. 1
She arose from her bed, disturbed by nothing in particular.
The grey man in the tree
It is my firm belief that I own an abstract painting of a woman who is, in some way, responsible for the death of an innocent man, my girlfriend Kira and my friend; who is now, somehow, defying all the rules of reality, coming for me.
I Got A Flat Tire in The Middle of Nowhere And Now I'm Being Hunted
I need to know where my time went
hgsdcyu
First Night
We played on the Ps2
Changeling
Me and Her
Working overnights at a hotel.
There's Something in My Room That Watches Me While I Sleep
Don’t come to Alaska to hide from cryptids, they’re worse here
I kept a dream journal and I'm happy im alive to regret it.
I Work at "The Ghastly Co.," the First Job Was Easy [Part 1]
They are here. I know because the doors are being opened.
1/My Lies are Your Truth/1
Why did it follow?
They are here. I know because the doors are being opened.
The Death of Me
The Thing on the Tape
Ggg
The name carved into my mind
Quantum Tales from the Ward
I don't get sleep paralysis anymore...
My sister and I are staying at my uncle's lake house. She found a treasure map that's leading us to something sickening - Part 1
New video uploaded!
Tracking My Sleep Patterns Turned Out to be a Horrible Idea (Part 2)
My new house
My game with Gamble
The Fisherman’s Wife
Feast
I’ve always been afraid of clowns, and never understood why. Until today.
I'm new to writing and I'm 15 so Constructive Criticism is greatly appreciated as long as you aren't being blatantly rude!
"Spot, is that you?"
The Dentist
Have you ever walked through a suburb at night?
The Upstairs Face and The Downstairs Face
Dark Oracle Issue 2
The Firefly Grove
Hidden in Plain Sight - I think I found a secret government website and now I might be a targetLilith bloodlust (wolf series) series 1.
I keep hearing a faint knocking from my kitchen cupboards
are black eyed children real
clown
Amantes del terror de Reddit, ¿cuál fue la creepypasta, leyenda o historia en general que más los traumó o Shockeó?
"Business Is Business."
I don't dream anymore
I keep hearing a faint knocking from my kitchen cupboards
I’m Staying With My Aunt and I Think She’s a Witch
The GETAWAY
Marble Man
Marble Man
The Thirteenth Night of Xmas was Merry
Clarification &amp; Question about amazing (older) episodes?? Any help is appreciated!
I suddenly remember something about my childhood that I thought I had forgotten, and I needed to speak about it.
Backyard forest
If you go down to the woods
Backyard forest
I was born deaf, but had my hearing restored. I’m now hearing things I’m not supposed to.
Rat Scab Bastards
We built our dream house - there’s just one problem. It’s on the site of a former Victorian lunatic asylum
Backyard forest
Backyard forest
Nobody Was Supposed to Be Here
Rat Scab Bastards
High on anger
Im stuck in the security room and I can't call for help
I hate Easter
I recently inherited my grandpa's bed and breakfast building after he passed away, but I think I may have inherited something worse.
I'm a hunter but not in the traditional sense
The man in my closet
I've Been To Hell, This Is What I Saw (Part 4)
Tracking My Sleep Patterns Turned Out to be a Horrible Idea (Part 2)
The surreal woman in my painting has disappeared. I think she is out to get me.
Tracking My Sleep Patterns Turned Out to be a Horrible Idea (Part 2)
hey guys i have a story in 2 sentences
I am a gravehunter and i steal grave portraits for money. These are my stories.
The abstract woman in my painting is coming out to get me
I'm a commentator for a tournament of nightmares. The quarterfinals ended with more questions than answers.
Always the Bridesmaid
The Baby Doll Experiment
How To Haunt Your Own House: A Step-By-Step Guide
How To Haunt Your Own House (A Step-By-Step Guide)
And I am in a Cage. Part 2 of 2.
"Looks forever!"... or so I thought.
And I am in a Cage. Part 2 of 2.
Please: I need to know if I should call the police
dont look at me
As well as we had a discussion.
Let Me Just Drop This Quick Little Rant and Come Back Soon
Got a job at a candy store, that might offer...something more (Part 1)
Someone opens a candy-store that might offer something more... [Just Desserts 1]
Why I got a flat tire on highway 359
My sister did a routine as a result of a stupid T.V program and also now we're stuck.
Dark Oracle issue 1
Welcome to Fantasma a small bad town in the middle of Tennessee (component 9).
Scary Drive
Scary Drive
Just A Cold
Just A Cold (i might make this into a series, i’m not sure, it’s 6am-)
I though my neighbors were abusing their child, but it was so much worse than that
Just A Cold
The Twisted Minds
BAD WEED (1) : Why am I hallucinating a whole day after smoking?
Never Trust the Spirit that Wants your Eyes
The Firefly Grove
Self Care (i might make a few of these so i’m marking it as a series!)
Arachnophobia (part 2)
N******S! DONALD TRUMP IS THE MOST N******* PRESIDENT EVER!
DONALD TRUMP IS THE MOST N******* PRESIDENT EVER
Arachnophobia
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Demons Might Be Real
Go away! God please just go away! I'm just a coke-head! I didn't wanna' do it!
The Mountains
I think a forest spirit is trying to steal my eyes
CLL#01-2020
The Return Of Beauty 23, Component 1
The meeting?
Leonidas vs the Cryptic Killer
Spencer Jackson
They're supplying twenty 5 thousand dollars for my head.
I Perform Exorcisms, I travel with the Mother of Demons (Part 1)
The girl we bullied in High School invited us over during our twenty-year reunion and things took a turn for the worse.
Assassins are coming for me, I don't have much time left
Shareen
humans are actually the most terrifying creater ever.
The voices have body's.
First day of hell. - The Incident (Part 1)
First day of hell. (The incident) – Part 1
I am here Heheheheh
The Resident Nerd - part 2
I found an odd shop in the woods. There's something strange about its owner.
The stalking in california Pt 1
The voices have body's.
I'm a volunteer at a temple stay in the mountains of Japan. There are no ravens in the mountains.
Happy Birthday
My phone is full of pictures I didn't take
My hacker friend
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!My phone is full of pictures I didn't take
I'm An Immigration Attorney and I've Seen Some Things
We explore a crazy creepy factory!!!
Dark Oracle Issue 1
The Last Unwrapping Party On Earth (Part Seven)
I made friends with a Reaper. Did i make a mistake?
Send ur scary story’s!!!
BiBitcoin minmining
I'm a volunteer at a temple stay in the mountains of Japan. There are no ravens in the mountains.
Tracking My Sleep Patterns Turned Out to be a Horrible Idea
The Sniffer
This will help you sleep under 3min
The Chamógelo
My favourite song
The Weeping Angel
Nighttime Demons
I'm a volunteer at a temple stay in the mountains of Japan. There are no ravens in the mountains.
I made "friends" with a reaper. i don't know if i made the right choice.
A Meeting in Olde Towne
Arachnophobia (part 2)
I'm a volunteer at a temple stay in the mountains of Japan. There are no ravens in the mountains.
Laughter
Beyond The Pines
Entitled Man
Shadows of the Evening (Part 1)
The Contorted: Children
Shadows of the Evening (Part I)
I worked in a haunted hospital
I worked in a haunted hospital for 4 months.
I found something in the cabin I'm renovating.
My brother and I have extreme sibling rivalry
Overnight camping: week 9, the Final week
Knocking
I ordered some snacks online and so I'm having a bit of a pest problem
There is something hunting people in my indoor storage facility (Part One)
I have amnesia, but I'm slowly regaining my memories.
C h a r l i e
The Headaches
C h a r l i e
Dark web
He's Never Returned
I’m being haunted by the boy I killed. [Pt. 1]
SUNKEFLINESTEIN:THE BEGINNING PART 2
I study inter-dimensional creatures at a top secret government facility, and one of them has escaped
SIN RELOJ - OCN &amp; ZafiraFilms (Videoclip Oficial)
Behind the Mirrors
I'm A Suicide Survivor, My World Is Turning Upside Down
I’m being haunted by the boy I killed.
I painted the wall of my kitchen. Now, it's vomiting insects and tentacles.
Behind the Mirro7
And I am in a Cage. Part 1 of 2.
And I am in a Cage (Part 1/2)
I’m BB Boleyn - the most famous rock star in the world - and I’ve got a creepy groupie - Final Part
That's strange, I thought...
I’m a commentator for a tournament of nightmares. True horrors emerged in the quarterfinals.
"Accidents Happen."
And I am in a Cage (Part 1 of 2)
I've Been To Hell, This Is What I Saw (Part 3)
The Wasting Room
The Wasting Room
Heaven was Different
I'll Be Fine if I Just Keep Writing
I’m pretty sure my cat was a familiar to an ancient witch called The Circe. (Part 1)
I think something followed me home from Iowa.
can someone help?
Ex FBI Chief Ted Gunerson - Account Of Snake Man Encounter On Halloween
I am nothing
Ex FBI Chief Ted Gunerson - Account Of Snake Man Encounter On Halloween
Ex FBI Chief Ted Gunerson - Account Of Snake Man Encounter On Halloween
I am nothing
I am nothing
I am nothing.
I am nothing
There’s an old, disfigured man living in my walls. And he’s my best friend. [Part 2]
The day the sun fell.
I thought I was too old for treasure hunts, turns out I was too young.
The day the sun fell
My dad loved his job
A Biologist's Guide to the Silent Woods
A Biologist's Guide to the Silent Woods
The stalking in california
I’m being haunted by my friend, and he won't stop smiling.
Oakwood Heights
I found this notebook in the bus and decided to share it with you
Freddy's
Freddy's
The See You Man
Biel
The Tunnels Of Vietnam Are Not Built By Men. (Part 1)
The Tunnels of Vietnam Aren’t Built by Men . (Part.1)
Knocking
My Son Has Always Been Afraid Of Nothing
My Professor Showed us a Cave Painting and Now I Need Some Advice [Part 1]
I am a Bartender at The Laboratory part 1
The Chattanooga Lights
Ten Years
I'm Stuck in a forest please help.
I'm stuck in a forest please help.
Is it normal for blood to come out of my AC?
Middle of nowhereFish Clicker™ [Pt2] [FINAL]
I’m a child psychiatrist, some of my interviews with children are truly terrifying-Tape 1
The Ropes Mansion
The Doctor (Part one)
Does anyone else hate those snapchat filters?
Don’t Vacuum the Outdoors
I’m pretty sure my cat was a familiar to an ancient witch called The Circe. (Part 1)
The cornfields seem to hide something from the public.
There’s a disease spreading that turns you into minions of the devil, and they’re getting smarter-Episode 1
The Storm
Fish Clicker™ [Pt2]
The Bloodboy
I met this woman at a support group. Now I’m digging up my wife’s corpse. Part 1
Someone started texting me jokes. They’re not funny.
Fish Clicker™ [2/2]
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
My horror experience from last night
My creepy randonautica experience
I worked my first night shift at Chuck E Cheese and i think it will also be my last
A rip current dragged me out to the ocean in the night. I was not alone.
Dr. Linsdale (Part One.)
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Miss Me ?
Such Crimes You Cannot Imagine
Scariest inception like nightmare I've ever had.
(Real) Scariest inception like nightmare I've ever had.
I Decided to Sneak Into My Town's Private Nightclub and Now I Understand Why It's Private (Part 1)
I've Lived My Entire Life By A Ghost Town, Now I know Why It's Deserted
Mirror
I THINK I HAVE FIGIRED OUT WHAT HAPPEND TO MARS
I Sent Nudes and it Ruined My Life
My Sonic.EXE Story
Coyotes
The Game
Mirror
The Museum of Lost Things: A Letter
BLOODY LETTER
Goodbye
I'm dead but still alive
Hello, I am the A.I "Odin" and I have an important message.
The new kid at my school is not a kid nor a human.
The New Kid In School Is Not A Kid Nor A Human (Part 1#)
There is something hunting people in the halls of my indoor storage building.
Broughadra.
I had dreams of a dead kid durring my pregnacy.
I Interviewed A Ghost (Part 2)
The Demon Dove
The buried baby (reupload, fixed)
This Hotel/Water Park had hornets, porn comics for kids, and used Disney characters
My affair with a witch
The Color of My Eyes Is Slowly Changing and Now I'm Starting to See Things
Kids
His boss called him into the the office again...
I Let My Son Speak To Heaven
Hi, I’m actually looking for a story I read on here a while back
My Pet is a Demon Dog Named Puff (Part 1)
I wish i didn't respond
My Pet is a Demon Dog Named Puff (Part 1)
My patient thinks he's asleep
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I found these tapes about the disappearance of Torner Forest [Part 2]
Scopaesthesia: The Full Story
I've Been To Hell, This Is What I Saw (Part 2)
I’m a commentator for a tournament of nightmares. The opening round was a bloodbath.
July 2020 Voting Thread
you're next
Girl problems
We need to leave, but I think someone is after us.
Somebody Has Been Knocking On My Door
Campsite Neighbours
I think my friend and I are being haunted
The itch at the back of my skull
Barry and I Should've Kept Using It
The Sixth Shadow
How to Become a Motivational Speaker for Murderers
Voicemail from the future
Voicemail from the future
The City of Snakes
My childhood home was terrifying.
Imposter..
What's Happening?
What are the odds?
Former Paramedic on the 7th busiest ambulance in the nation, turned Police Officer, here to share my most bizzare/unexplainable/paranormal calls
Warning from the Radio
Am I mentally insane?
A hook handed man killed my boyfriend
A hook handed man killed my boyfriend
A hook handed man killed my boyfriend
Camp Wanahee (Part 7)
I started working at a retirement home, and I've been given a list of strange rules to follow (Part 3)
The Big Platchki of 1854 - PART I
The Big Platchki of 1854 - PART I
Cổng xếp tự động lắp tại Bình định- bình thuận- Đồng nai- 0913183440
God isn't whi they say he is
The Devil is speaking to me in my sleep. He's fucking intense.
I think the Devil is talking to me whilst I'm sleeping. He's fucking intense.
The Big Book of Giant Animals
I befriended my neighboorhood killer, Part 2
Death saved my life, and I hate him for it.
I got kidnapped by Big Foot and I need helpNot Sick
This voice keeps coming to me whilst I sleep. Read on and you'll understand why I'm completely fucked up from this.
These words came to me in a dream, I'm pretty fucked up right now
Camp Wanahee (Part 7)
Itching
My name is Agent Hadida and I hunt government experiments for a 3 letter agency
Mysterious TV Channel
I listen to video calls and meetings, I'm going to quit tomorrow, I've seen too much
I once unintentionally lived in 3 haunted houses | part 1/?
I’ve once unintentionally lived in 3 haunted houses | part 1/?
The grandma
There’s an old, disfigured man living in my walls. And he’s my best friend. [Part 1]
I thought I found an empty house while trail riding, it wasn’t exactly empty
The Scourge of Cognizance
The Scourge of Cognizance
Everything I Say Backfires Terribly
The Grass
I found a file in my computer named HappyBirthdayBaby.txt.
There's a man who claims we have a contract, but I've never seen or spoken to him before.
The buried baby.
The buried baby.
Help! I don't know what's going on, but that is not my daughter.
People Live Inside My Phone
I CAN'T FIND MY PARENTS ANYWHERE!
I⃠f⃠ y⃠o⃠u⃠ c⃠a⃠n⃠ s⃠e⃠e⃠ t⃠h⃠i⃠s⃠ r⃠u⃠n⃠
There’s a demon living in my attic and she has three rules (Part 10) - Final
The night I first saw it (chapter 2)
Find Me - WIN BIG!!
The Cabin I'm renovating has a secret commune.
Fish Clicker™
Use randonautica with caution please
The Omegafish left me in a shocked state when I realized it had the blood of something that was supposed to be asleep...
HELP
Please use randonautica safely
The light in my basement keeps turning on and off
Miss Me ?
"I can hear her"
This Hotel/Water Park had hornets, porn comics for kids, and used Disney characters
Today I will die...
"I can hear her."
My niece has an imaginary "friend" and I think it's not human nor a ghost
I've lived with my Brother for years, and he hasn't said one word to me
I'm okay...
My Father taught me how to look at the night sky. He didn’t tell me it was looking back. (Part 4)
Creature the Lives in the Corners
I was locked since I was a child, there are creatures that want me dead.
We Decided to Rob Banks for Thrills. It’s Getting Overwhelming.
I had dreams of a dead kid during my pregnancy.
Waking up buried in Hampstead Heath
2 Red Eyes in the Dark
I woke up after a night out buried in Hampstead Heath
Why Did I Buy My Daughter This Game?
Imight not have been alone in this cabin
BLOODY LETTER
I've started working in a warehouse, and I'm a security guard now...?
BLOODY LETTER
My Cousin Wrote A Letter Just Days Before He Died.
CLOWN
I’m on an entirely different planet, my crew is dead and I could be next.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Because of a hex now i can only talk in rap.
The door with the ivory handle
looking for an old Reddit post...
2 sentence horror stories are cool and all but what is the best you can come up with with 8 sentences?
That is What I Shall Do - Short Horror Story
I think I just witnessed a murder
The Thing.
A late night escape
The girl who loved too much
Do you want to know the secret to eternal life?
The night I first saw it
Every night when I go to sleep, someone near me dies.
Yesterday’s Nightmare
There’s something else in my home...
I think there is something in my apartment
I’m a commentator for a tournament of nightmares. I’m not sure the participants are willing.
SUNKEFLINESTEIN:THE BEGINNING (PART 1)
Haunting Thought
I Made A Deal With An Old Man In A Food Court Bathroom (Pt. 6)
Do you want to know the secret to eternal life?
Ghost and Classical music
Do you want to know the secret to eternal life?
Desolation I
Tales of the sandman
The Tunnel
The Tunnel
The Tunnel
Failure in Five Senses
O⃠f⃠y⃠o⃠u⃠c⃠a⃠n⃠s⃠e⃠e⃠t⃠h⃠i⃠s⃠r⃠u⃠n⃠
The Spirit Guardian [Part 1]
My best friend and her brother hunt cryptids for food. Today we called a truce with an opponent. [FINAL]
The Spirit Guardian
Can yousee this? If so. Run.
Disneyland has been open for 5 days now. But not to the PUBLIC...
Kids don't go in the spare room.
My husband likes to pretend he’s asleep.
Desolation I
What is this old show?
r/NOSLEEP BITCH
I was Called to Repair a RadioThe Night
Camp Wanahee (Part 6)
I Sent Nudes and it Ruined My Life
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The Nightmare Machine
Reading this might save your life!
Lotteries are a trap for time travelers.
There’s someone? in my apartment - or my faucet.
It started simply as an incomplete on my Global Econ course. I’d been to every lecture. (Part 2)
Sunshine [Part 1]
Sunshine Motel- Part 2- An Update
He only lives in my closet
Sunshine [Part I]
Sunshine Motel- Part 2 (An Update)
Seventeen/Nineteen
Acceptance
I’ve been silent since birth. Now a supernatural killer won’t leave me alone.
FIGURE
Mommy’s locked room and the room next to it
Lock Your Doors on the Night Before Christmas
Cash in Hand
I’ll leave this here
She laughs in the corner of your room.
Don't go urban exploring in New Jersey
I’m looking for my dog. Can you help me?
The Great Chili Revenge
I'm a correctional officer at an underground prison. I think the warden is up to something. (Part Three)
Reading this might save your life! Yes, YOU!
Sometimes, I have breakfast with someone I can't see.
My daughter has candles in her bedside drawer
They Call Him "The Dick Snatcher"
My Girlfriend Never Takes Off Her Makeup But I Finally Caught Her And Now I'm Scared For My Life (Part 1)
How to Survive Camping: Rule #13 - I went hunting with the man with the skull cup
Tommy
Somehow the animatronics at “Jurassic Jungle Boat Ride” moves despite being shut down
Somehow the “Jurassic Jungle Boat Ride” functions even when it’s broken down. Part 1
I Thought It Was A Normal Hotel. I Couldn't Have Been More Wrong.
Mr. Nobody
The Riverbank Boy killed my brother. I swear it wasn't me.
The truth will put me back in a mental hospital, but I need to get this off my chest.
My cousin emailed me this letter. No one has been able to reach him since.
I’m on a different planet, my colleagues are dead and I’m next
If the lights go out at the grocery store late at night, get out before the locks disappear. If they do, it's too late. (Update #1)
I thought I was joining poetry club but I may have stumbled across an occult!
There's a ghost in my apartment and she likes me. It's complicated. (Part 5)
Lilly wasn't scared of the dark...
The Invasion of Sue Paige
I Was Abducted At A Young Age
my best friend was a monster
My dorm has rules that no one told me about, rules that could possibly end a life
I was possessed by a ghost named Sharon
Welcome to the Show
I Regret Buying This VHS Tape
The Thing in the Woods
I Regret Buying This VHS Tape
I Interviewed A Ghost (Part 1)
I bought two lousy invisibility cloaks and I want my money back
The Shadow in The Hall
Submarine Peeper issue, suggestions needed
Spooning
Children in my town are going missing.
My Intro to Politics Ended Horrifically
Everyone keeps dying around me. I tried grief counseling, but that ended up making things worse. (Part 2)
Everyone keeps dying around me. I tried grief counseling, but that ended up making things worse.
I was stuck in a forest for 12 days, what I saw there is unbelievable.
Am I really me?
We've Reached the End
I think my treehouse is haunted - Part Five: The last night
I thought I was too old for treasure hunts, turns out I was too young.
Lotteries are a trap for time travelers
I think there is something living with us in our apartment.
Reviews Provider — Buy Negative Google Reviews - 1 star Reviews - Bad...
The Ant Farm
Alex in Emptyworld [Part 1]
Read my story, SUNKEFLINESTEIN.
The Stimulus Email Isn't What You Think It Is, Don't Click On It- P1
Reverse Vampire 11: The Report
His name
We've Reached the End
I always thought my gated community was an oasis of peace in a run-down, unsafe city. I “came of age” to find out I’m in charge of keeping it that way
I found these tapes about the disappearance of Torner Forest [Part 1]
I Hear Screaming Below
I'm a security guard in an old mental hospital. Fresh air is fine, but who's fingers are those?
I found these tapes about the disappearance of Torner Forest [Part 1]
I have this one reoccurring dream.
20 years ago, I was held hostage by my upstairs neighbor. Sometimes, I wonder if I ever really left.
The living dark
The last man on Earth sat alone in a room. There was a knock on the door.
Songbird
I Got a Long Distance Call From Hell
The Grinning Man
I'm a camgirl and one of my clients is creeping me out (Part 3) (Final)
The Grinning Man
Jagger Part 1.
I’m never doing silo maintenance again
Creepy house
The Red Door
My twin sister and I are hunters. All hail the Faerie King.
Beware of Youtube videos
I didn't know I could hurt myself this way.Don't sleep during Driving Accident Footage Please Drive Your Car Carefully | Car Crash
You're not afraid right?
The amalgamation
user 16
I started working at a retirement home, and I've been given a list of strange rules to follow (Part 2)
A few weeks ago I met the Tootsbackwheeler
I survived a twisted game with the devil and came out ontop Pt.3 [Finale]
Sincerely the man who killed the world
Rotterdale Had Too Many Houses
The Barn - Part 3
Something in the woods
I’m hooked on this game called Literal Death Battles. BIG MISTAKE. (PART 1)
The Red Man is real: The Violator
Audio Transcript from Harvard Meats CO Interview
I can't stop cumming.
We've Reached the End
I have some guests tonight...
Dont look up The noise Short film
CoD has kicked me back in time, in a loop.
I was a heavy gamer, until I was locked in a loop.
His name
I should have never moved into this house (Part Two)
Black Windows: So it was [Final]
It started simply as an incomplete on my Global Econ course. I’d been to every lecture.
I was stuck in a well
I think I'm one of the only people left on earth.
Twisted cock water
I am in a well.
The Last Unwrapping Party On Earth (Part Six)
I Think Someone or Something is Taking Over My Body While I Sleep
Spanish Harlem
Our Boss Was An idiot
We Should Never Have Invented Teleportation (Part 1)
I was sent to a summer camp, or that's what I thought...(PART 9) (Finale)
This laboratory researches sin. One of the test subjects just escaped.
Salvation
My Friend And I Broke Into An Old House And Found A Brain In A Jar. It Was Still Alive.
Spanish Harlem
I Smiled For Him
Every Month Five Years of My Life Are Taken Off... And It's All Because of an Ice Cream Cone
Memoirs of an innocent man.
There's a ghost in my apartment and she likes me. It's complicated. (Part 4)
My daughter has candles in her bedside drawer.
The Salt Hollows
How I died
My friend became very upset when I didn't reciprocate their romantic feelings.
The house across the street glows at night
He wouldn't stop smiling at me.
The Grinning Man
I Explored an Abandoned Indoor Jungle Gym, Something Lurks There
Something is wrong with my wife
There sentence horror story
Dance
Bring more marshmallows than you are eating to satisfy it
The place I'm from suddenly doesn't exist
My mother's religious habits angered the ghosts haunting my room
The name’s Victor. My grandson is a...different...kind of police officer.
If You See Graffiti Reading FOR A GOOD TIME, CALL:, Then Follow this Rule of the Road, Part 2 and finale
Incident in the Woods
My Dead Brother Rescued Us From Kidnappers (Part 1)
Guinea quadrate
I think my treehouse is haunted - Part Four: Waiting for the dark
If You See Graffiti Reading "FOR A GOOD TIME CALL:", follow this "Rule of the Road"...(Part 2 or 2)
Never tell the forest your name
I operate a remote logging camp, and someone told me I should post about it here.
What we Grew on the Farm
Index.
Is there a nosleep story index?
Why I quit my job as a park ranger...
Watermelon Head
My dad left his world war two dairies. I never knew why he was so aggressive about them until now.
Something is entering my grandparents' house and turning on the lights
The river behind the houses is humming.
My Mom's Doll
Two aliens are using my heart as a Morse coding device
Arachnophobia (part 1)
Arachnophobia (part 1)
I am dreaming the same disturbing thing over and over again.
Dr. Tarsal is a Genius with his Hands
This is a suicide note
i made a video out of a story from here hope yall like it
The night i died..
I'm a security guard in an old mental hospital. I've got a bone to pick with the cannibal queen..
I've Been To Hell, This Is What I Saw (Part 1)
The Man of the Future
I Had a Really Good Day
When we found the creature, we thought it was an angel. We were just kids, ignorant of life's horrors. But now that twisted thing is free, and there's nothing we can do to stop it. [Part 3]
Testing
Do you feel alive?
My mother was a hoarder. After cleaning out her house, I finally understand why.
The Man Who Wouldn't Die
My little story (real)
I am pounding my fists against a desk
Your Land is Ours: A Philippine Ethnic Tale Surrounding Those Who Had Been Taken
Hell's game
I'm a camgirl and one of my clients is creeping me out (Part 2)
My twin sister and I are hunters. We killed a Pigman.
A man named Richard
A man named Richard
My friends and I found a bunker. Now I’m not sure we’re allowed to leave. (Pt. 1)The Inside Prince
Mate a mi abuela,le hise un favor a mi madre
The well
I Just Hope My Friend Is Okay "Part 1"
True scary ghost/demon stories told in the rain (delete if not aloud)
The guest bedrooms nightmare.
Shadow 1
It Came From Another World: PART 1
Chapter One
What the hell is wrong with these mountain towns?
What the hell is wrong with these mountain towns?
Home Alone
What the Hell is going on in these damn mountain towns?!
I started working at a retirement home, and I've been given a list of strange rules to follow
Late Night Visitor
They have taken over. Please Help.
Late Night Visitor
The paradise
It has been difficult for me, since the accident, but I swear that I haven't lost my sanity.
Your revenge is served cold but mine will be the death of you
I Work At A Government Sanctioned Island Where People Hunt Monsters - A Diary pt1
Aim
Your revenge is served cold but mine with be the death of you
Your revenge is served cold, but mine will be dead the death of you
A man named Soren
A man named Soren
A man named Soren
Sleep hypnosis
Me, myself and I
My neighbor is a serial killer and now I can finally prove it
Me, myself, and I.
Me, myself, and I.
One day, I met a beekeeper.
The Crate
My wife was convinced one of her eyes was not hers.
I’m a cryptid hunter and my last mission was in Nahanni valley part 2
My false awakening story
I bought a strange comic book on online, I’m main character
I've been stealing stories to narrate on YouTube, I'm so sorry.
I see my parents, but they died 10 years ago. (PT. 1)
Scary elderly woman holding a candle through a forest
I should have never moved into this house
I'm Not Insane, I'm Billy!
I'm a correctional officer at an underground prison. I think the warden is up to something. (Part Two)
I've started working in a warehouse, and THAT'S why the pay's so good.
The Girl With No Eyes
The Curse of the Anatolian Forest
The 13 VHS tapes
Think twice before replying to your bitch exes messages.
Time's been Frozen for 2 Days so Why do I hear Footsteps?
I saw my dad today, but he's been dead for 3 years
The Ropes Mansion
I Can Wait...
A matchmaker's confession
"There's something inside my house"
I will narrate your story on YouTube and promote you!
My Grandma's House
Arachnophobia (part 1)
I will narrate your story and promote you on YouTube!
Soul Mates
I will narrate your story and promote you!
Swing Set
She
The Girl With No Eyes
The Pile of Bloodstained Leaves: A Whydunit Murder Mystery
Late Night Visitor
The bots
My Own Haunted House
Eboys React To Beruit Explosion
I love you dearly my little one
I’m a night janitor and there’s something weird going on at the Sunset Gardens Senior Living Facility
Watch my new Hindi adaptation of The Tell Tale Heart as a podcast
Sparrow Eaters
Miss Me ?
Free!
Arachnophobia
Rose Of The Devils Garden - Part 1
The caves. [pt4]
The caves. [pt4 FINAL]
A camp called neverwinter.
I have lived in the woods my whole life. They are not meant for people. (Part 1)
Late Night Visitor
A camp called Neverwinter
Amoebas eating my brain I’m going to die Please help
I had a dream where the people were machines
The Taker
Don't go outside (Part 1)
The Kids Database
I saw a dead human for the first time in my life in a morgue
Its funny how life works sometimes
The lights have stopped shining
If You See Graffiti Reading "FOR A GOOD TIME CALL:", follow this "Rule of the Road"...
Does anyone remember a channel called 'Beneath The Static'? (FINAL)
It started in the hallway.
Don't Eat in Your Dreams
If you hear crying and scratching from inside a truck trailer, do not investigate it. I already made that mistake.
Hot after No Sleep
I Saw my House for Sale on Facebook Marketplace
I think my treehouse is haunted - Part Three: The sleepover
I think my treehouse is haunted - Part Three: What happened (Then)I think my treehouse is haunted - Part Three: What happened (then)
Help me. They are all gone.
My Dead Friend Keeps Showing Up In My Photos
I like to go out for night-time drives, but that might have been a mistake.
I received a podcast file addressed to me. I wish I never listened to it.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
3:00: Late Shift
I Found My Brother in a Cave
An Unassuming Door To The Underworld (Part 1)
My Imaginary Friend Is Keeping Secrets From Me
Craig Groshek Scams Fans Of Thousand Of Dollars Of Bitcoin
I'm a security guard in an old mental hospital. The king is dead but the gruesome game continues..
Never try to kill yourself among the dead. It will have far-reaching consequences.
Please read this, you might be humanity's only hope
I Live in a House with Four Ghosts and I Think Our New Neighbor is a Demon
My bedroom constantly smells like farts that aren’t mine, but I live alone
I live in a house with four ghosts and I think our new neighbor is a demon
Ms. Parkinson's Pies
Daddy Didn't Tell Me Everything About the Barn Behind Our House
Please help?
Advanced Bravery and Sacrifice
Dave's Auto [Part 2]
She's helping me, but now we need help.
I keep seeing it at night. (Part 1)
NoSleep Interview with RehnWriter!
Nothing is Worth Dying Over
House, a predator
My twin brother and I are hunters. We sought out the Mistress.
A Video Rental Store Just Opened On My Block- Part Five
My house won’t let us leave. Not without a price.
I went to this party and now my friends are gone
The Captain's Daughter
Black Windows: So It Goes [5]
My boss got angry at me.
Scary google result
My Mother Is...Odd.
The women along ROUTE 1
Clowns in the Graveyard
I Want to Lie But You're Better than I am, But I Take, You Kill
Life After the Night Prowler Pt. 1
Jaga(part 1)
Jaga(part1)(Rework)
The Neighbors Window
night time houses
I'll Trade Your Fate for a Random Life, I Don't Think You Understand How Fun It Can Be
The man at the coffee shop
The God We Know
Guys I can't sleep
My dad is reincarnated as some sort of creature (PT 1)
The stray cats in my neighborhood are not what they seem.
I thought I was too old for treasure hunts, turns out I was too young.
A Strange Becoming
My Own Haunted House
WTF EVEN!
My Final Case
My Final Case (1/2)
My Final Case (1/2)
The Anakausuen people
You know I’m here...
Deja Vu
I’m a Roman Catholic Priest, and I just heard the most disturbing confession of my life.
The Eyeless
Tender Cuts
There Is Something Out There
A new friend
Deja Vu
“911 hello?” transcripts from claire
The Waiting Room
Red Joker
The Drive Home
The Waiting Room and the Shadow
Something is off about my friend
I had sex and now I regret it
On my 18th birthday my mom showed me what heaven looked like
I Am An Exorcist And These Are My Stories Chapter Three.
I went shopping online and accidentally bought something I was never meant to see
My dead friend
(Part 5) My great-aunt left me a note of rules and warnings.
I’m a soul salesman. Would you sell me your soul?
My dead best friend
I live on a weird plot of land
My wife was convinced one of her eyes was not hers. Part 1
I'm a monster hunter. Part.1 : the town that silently screams
Lifesucker
The Fallen: Part 1
AITM?
I’m A Ghost: Part 2: The Shafow
The Vore Convention
I'm an EMT and I just had the most terrifying call ever
There are things in the woods that will never be explained
ASMR r/nosleep Deep Sea Diving
Every three months my daughter and I have to move. I've finally told her why. Chapter 4
If you get an invite from this Discord server, don’t join.
My encounter with the darkness
The man responsible for killing my mother has been dead for many years. He won't leave me alone.
Please Sleep in My Car (Part 1)
Tender Cuts
Tender Cuts
Quarantine is something you do when you want a harmful type of life to only grow here, not there.
Please Sleep in My Car [Part 1/?]I'm stuck in my apartment and there are armed guards keeping us in, and strange creatures roaming the hallways also keeping us in, please help (Part 3) (Final)
The Accident
Ballpit Shark
One Star Too Many
(Part 5) My great-aunt left me a note of rules and warnings.
I'm a Supernatural Private Investigator and I Met a... Being in a Library and I Can't Get It Out Of My Head...
Help me, Father
Whispers in the deep woods.
Help Me, Father
I’m a cook at Poppa’s Big Burger Joint and we have a special recipe
The Well
The Ishikawa Incident
The Dumpy Unleashes
The One Night we got stuck inside the mall
just a question on if i should write about something here
The showers
Whispers in the deep woods.
After life?
I was part of an island exploration team in the Indian Ocean...I was the only survivor PART 9
“…the wall is made of teeth.”
ATTENTION ALL WALMART SHOPPERS...
Don't Disturb Religious Icons in Abandoned Homes
The Shop
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Thank You For Your Order
Eliza.
Demon by the lake
i’m 14
No sleep use to be good till you realize all the stories here are made up, get repetitive and boring.
Haunted
The Strange Boat
There Is No Escape #1 - Experiments in Short Fantasy
I think my treehouse is haunted - Part Two: The bleeding man
I’m BB Boleyn - the most famous rock star in the world - and I’ve got a creepy groupie - Part 4
The Fallen: Intro
Life annulment Part 1
Whats the fastest way to kill yourself?
The road less travelled
The Rocking Horse
I'm praying that this man is trolling me [Part 1]
I'm a camgirl and one of my clients is creeping me out (Part 1)
I'm praying that this man is trolling me [I]
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Roger's Mine
Last night my neighborhood's temperature dropped, now I know why
after the death of my grandmother, her house was passed down to me. But I wish I never got it.
Basa Chelovek
BASA CHELOVEK (BASE "HUMAN")
For all the unrepeatable moments: Last Wishes
I Made A Deal With An Old Man In A Food Court Bathroom (Pt. 5)
I took a video of a really weird light I've been seeing in Northern Thailand, anybody know what this could be?
My Daughter had been trying to warn me for weeks. I really should have listened.
Anybody know what this glowing light could be in Northern, Thailand? [Video]
My best friend and her twin brother hunt cryptids for food. We're trying to make a plan.
Rules of the Post
The humming shadow
My Childhood Best Friend Won't Leave Me Alone
I awoke on an island, unlike anywhere I’ve ever explored. (1/?)
Sunshine Motel
My aunt's house is haunted by her spirit
COVID-19 and its affect on my mental health.
Emotional Baggage
Emotional Baggae
Kelly The Sentimental Artist
I have lived in the woods my whole life. They are not meant for people.
The Barn - Part 2
Walking Home at Night
They keep saying cutis ad ipsum deum...
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The Hollow Ones
A door at my local Bakery goes to a strange world.
No matter where I sleep
Muž Kukuřice
Was I dreaming?
Was I dreaming?
My New House Came With A Long List Of Unusual Rules
My inheritance
The dead person breathing in the backyard
For if I Stop, the Universe Shall Surely Fade
Why I'm scared of forests
The Visitor
A true story of a dream I had
I Got A Nintendo Switch: I Think It's Cursed
A true story about a dream I had.
I work as a maintenance man at an apartment complex. I don’t know how much more I can take. Part 1
Traveling to a friends house. In a different dimension
Story , William Afton. (Made up)
I start hearing happy music every night..
Ok
Im a Ghost: Part 1 : Birth of a Ghost
The Man in The Three Piece Suit
Does anyone remember a TV channel called 'Beneath The Static'? (Part 7)
I could've been killed
There Is No Escape #1 - Experiments in Short Fantasy
The Shadow
There’s a demon living in my attic and she has three rules (Part 9)
Whistles
1930's cartoons
My experience with the supernatural - A true story.
Scopaesthesia: Part 1The Last Unwrapping Party On Earth (Part Five)
City of the Faceless 1/2
I Am Misfortune
I took my temperature when I got to work. It wasn't a high fever.
test
Scary story
Paranormal Investigating alone
The time a shadow person saved me from an evil entity
The beasts are very real...
The Red Man is real: The Well (Part 3)
Where Did Rebecca Go?
IF I DIE IN THE NEAR FUTURE THE GUVERNMENT KILLED ME
I Interviewed A Ghost
Don't Disturb Abandoned Asylums.
Mursterk - CreepyPasta
Feels like a tickle
Please if you know a place like I describe in my dream please tell me and please interpret this dream if you can. They have been happening for weeks.
The 100th
City of the Faceless [1/2]
The 100th.
Ringing...
Chat Log
That thing.
For all the unrepeatable moments: Last Wishes
"The Legend of Sudmis Crossing."
Youtube
So your friend ask you. Watch me sleep if anything crazy happens or I try to leave wake me up or hit me just don't fall asleep! What is your response?
So your friend ask you. Watch me sleep if anything crazy happens or I try to leave wake me up or hit me just don't fall asleep! What is your response?
Once it gets in your head, it’s too late.
Amorphous blob? Lost story.
The Boy in the Tree
Are these house rules normal?
23 [F4M] EXCUSE ME MISS, MISS, MISS
On the Other Side of the Tunnel
In response to a recent surge in local missing persons cases, "Centering the Soul: The Practice of Sikkim Meditation" will no longer be available for checkout at the Castor Library
I DONT THINK PEPOLE UNDERSTAND THE AMOUNT OF STRESS THAT THERE PUTING PEPOLE UNDER
Overnight camping: week 8
I think my treehouse is haunted
People Trying to Steal from Car
Just need to talk to someone about this.
When I was a little kid, the thing I feared most was my stuffed lemur.
Feelings of grief, but he's still alive
Don't Buy Slime for Kids. Here's why.
There were people following me,now I am scared for my life
I was put in a well with a dead body inside
How a Book and a Homeless Dude Saved my life…For Now
There were people following me,but now they are the least of my concerns
How my writer's block almost got me killed
Black Windows: A real pop party [4]
I betrayed my bestfriend and I ended up winning and makig everyone believe I was right, Including her.
My twin brother and I are hunters. We tried to seal off the entrances to the underground.
Can someone link Borassca for me I can’t find part 2 and I’m hooked!
The Sound You Shouldn't Hear
Pass It On
The endless night
Witchcraft is real... now the Darkness won't leave me alone
I don't want to believe the Ceremony was real. I want to know who I am.
A Strange Note
On the Other Side of the Tunnel
People are still following me,but they're the least of my worries now
The mother-in-law unit moved closer each day
I survived a twisted game with the Devil and came out top. PT.2
BEING ON THE RADIO AND TV 24/7 IS TO MUCH PRESHER FOR ME TO HANDEL
Me and my friend used to be burglars, this is why we stopped
Fowler Play
I Bought A Secondhand Laptop For Parts and This Is What I Found (pt 1)
I don’t smoke at work anymore
My first attempt at a scary story
My first attempt at a scary story
My first attempt at a scary story
My first attempt at a scary story
There is Something Wrong with the Homeless in my City
The Black Lake Bear
My totally normal Home Depot job part 1
A Reading of The Crooked Lady...
Everybody in the world gets told someday how much longer they have to live. I get one day.
Angel of Death (First time poster!) 1800words
If the lights go out at the grocery store late at night, get out before the locks disappear. If they do, it's too late
The Starving Fane
U.N.STARTS INVESTIGATION TO BAN CYBER TORTURE AND REMOTE NERAL MONITOREING
Don't Be Afraid
How to Survive Camping: I still love Bryan's dogs but omg
I saw a ghost(proof)
What causes of hearing voices in your head usually before or after sleep or repeat part of music in your head and waste your energy?
A second life
No sleep gang
Roadkill
What causes of hearing voices in your head usually before or after sleep or repeat part of music in your head and waste your energy?
Waking up alone
Welcome to The Guild - Part 01
Never have a party at a cabin if you get bad juju from it
Where exactly is Aleister, Maine? (Part 6)
I Am An Exorcist And These Are My Stories Chapter Two
I'm stuck in my apartment and there are armed guards keeping us in, and strange creatures roaming the hallways also keeping us in, please help (Part 2)
A second life
Spyware on iPhone and Creepy Events and Messages from Ex after Three Years Of Not Talking
The Wrong Dimension Part: 1 The Attic Trap Door
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The Skullcut Man-part 2
Appreciating what you have.I rented a costly room. It wasn't worth it.
I rented a costly room. It wasn't worth it. (Part 1 of 3)
The Beast that Haunts Me: Part Three
The man climbing out of the river.
I'm stuck in my apartment and there are armed guards keeping us in, and strange creatures roaming the hallways also keeping us in, please help (Part 2)
There’s a demon living in my attic and she has three rules (Part 8)
The singing of the ice
Walking home at night
I'm stuck in my apartment and there are armed guards keeping us in, and strange creatures roaming the hallways also keeping us in, please help - Part 2
The Dream VR
"Looking for a good time? Get Casey Lacy on the line."
Why I Quit My Job at Michael's
The Woman in White
I’m not dumb.
Where exactly is Aleister, Maine? (Part 6)
I'm a priest and I love my job
I started freelance fiction writing.
Imagine - 2020
I survived a twisted game with the Devil and came out on top. PT.2
The shadow
It's hard to fall asleep
Try Our Milkshake
Siberia 1996 part 2
The Last Unwrapping Party On Earth (Part Four)
I Was Invited To Appear On A Game Show
i am a mother with no children
Apotemnophilia
The Girl with The Thousand Yard Stare
Emily Gray doesn’t exist. That hasn’t stopped her from wanting me to end her life.
People think being Death means reaping the souls of those soon to die.
Rose Garden
I WAS SCARRED FOR LIFE ON MY FIRST KISS!
Revolution.
They kicked me out of Art School, because all my paintings had The Flaw
The Red man is real: The Burning Woman (Part 2)
Black Magic
Nsnsnanwnw
Nsnsnanwnw
My Brother Ate a Gas Station Chili Dog, Here's how he Died [Final]
Grandparent's flat
I bought a strange comic book on online, I’m main character
"I tried bringing back my crush through lucid dreaming...Now I'm being punished"
The world is a horrifying place full of horrifying things.
The world is a horrfying place full of horrifying things.
I was a skeptic. Not anymore.
Happy New Year Part 1
Emily just wanted to play
Saltwater [Part 9] - Final
CONFIDENTAL Diary Belonging To Stephanie Austin
[CONFIDENTIAL] Diary Belonging To Stephanie Austin
[CONFIDENTIAL] Diary Belonging To Stephanie Austin
I Woke Up Stuck to My Bed
Never go into the house built of words...
The York House Inn
[Part 1] Dungeons and Dragons is more realistic than I thought.
I was hired to transport an exotic pet to its buyer
If God somehow got through to you, said he fucked up, and wanted advice on how he could make the next batch of humanity better, what 3 pieces of advice would you give him?
I think I just had Sleep Paralysis.
I'm a security guard in an old mental hospital. Here's how I escaped the cannibal queen..
I’m BB Boleyn - the most famous rock star in the world - and I’ve got a creepy groupie - Part 3
The Tunnel
Please, I'm Begging You, DO NOT Read This
What Lives In The Boarding House
‘Their real..’
‘My job is to capture to kill anomalies.’
My girlfriend is a gore artist
“Never Sleep When Your Feet Are Centered Towards the Door"
My girlfriend is a gore artist
My girlfriend is a fire artist now, and I didn’t know she was taking it so seriously.
My brother had the most terrific field trip of his life, he's not the same since then.
Jaga (Part 1)
Doomscrolling
My life as a jaga (Part-1)
I think there are people following me,last night I found out what they want
The man in the road
The man in the road
Our life as a jaga
My friend tried the Elevator game at his apratment.
June 2020 Winners!
Often, I still visit my ex-girlfriend.
Does anyone remember the game Souls of the Ninth Circle?
The Universe Man
My dreams are coming true and it’s horrible
Our life as a jaga (part-1)
My best friend and her twin brother hunt cryptids for food. I'm trying to help.
All my dreams have been coming true and it’s horrible. [Part 1]
My sister sang to all her dolls, but only one of them sang back.
This Thing on My Doorstep
I found a dead body, and I'm still seeing him.
I Am An Exorcist And These Are My Stories (The Next Dimension Part One)
The Thing on My Doorstep (complete with all updates)
I played a twisted game with the Devil and came out on top PT. 1
A long shadowy figure still huants my dreams years after I saw it
I survived a twisted game with the Devil and came out on top PT. 1
We've been guarding an empty room for the past five years. Today we found something inside it.
My Grandpa taught me to fly
Came upon this while researching the 966 Lindley St case.
Black Windows: We are Nowhere [3]
Black Windows: We're Nowhere
I've always heard "Hell is Other People"I've always heard "Hell is Other People" [Trigger Warning](#s "Child death, graphic violence")
I’m staying in a cabin and I think someone broke in.
Everytime I go to sleep, I wake up in someone else's dream - Sequence 2
Our Reality is Changing
There's a ghost in my apartment and she likes me. It's complicated. (Part 3)
I thought a site I found to satisfy my fetish was perfect. Now I'm worried.
r/nosleep writers I need your help!
Just drink
I’m scared of spending eternity alone
I'm staying in a cabin and I think someone got in.
My Mother was Raised as an Only Child, but I Recently Learned She had a Sister.
Throwing out the garbage
[Part 6] The Princess Road Tragedy
Don’t open your eyes
Warped
not alone anymore
My wife calls me "Honey"
My teacher saw something in the halls
I'm a n overnight janitor. Last night, one of our buses cam back...different
I'm stuck in my apartment and there are armed guards keeping us in, and strange creatures roaming the hallways also keeping us in, please help.
Jon was a good man but its not as if hes really gone
The Skullcut Man- part 1
Jon was a good man but its not as if hes really gone.
Cinnamon Wants A Jerky
Jon was a nice enough man and what i did was horrible. But its not as if hes really gone
Why I Will Never Go on Another Leisure Drive
The Resident Nerd
The Beast that Haunts Me: Part Two
Help I'm getting sucked into my bedroom wall
BiBitcoin mimining
Why I'll never drive at Midnight
PassPassive income
My friends and I found an island...
There’s a demon living in my attic and she has three rules (Part 7)
I'm stuck in my apartment with armed guards keeping me in, and strange creatures roaming the hallway also keeping us in.
I'm an overnight janitor for a bus depot. Last night, one of our buses came back...different
The Smiler
There’s a hole in the sky
Dr. Sammy
If You See a Speed Limit Sign Reading 67 MPH, Follow This Rule of the Road
The Dead Boy in the Closet
Fade
Well Dressed Theater
I'm stuck in my apartment with armed guards outside keeping us in, and strange creatures also keeping us in, please help.
I Found My Brother in a Cave in the Woods
The Legend of CAVEBOY- and the Riddle of the Rhyme (Part 6) (FINAL)
How to survive a night at Kanapitsa
I Found My Brother in a Cave in the Woods
Choose Your Own Adventure
Siberia 1996 part two.
Choose Your Own Adventure
I Found My Brother in a Cave in the Woods
Somethings grabbed hold of my friend and now it wants me.
I taught my dog the “sit trick,” and now she’s sitting more frequently than she’s told to—because of something OR SOMEONE—I can’t see.
[CONFIDENTIAL] Diary Belonging To Stephanie Austin
The Secret's of My Local Bakery
[CONFIDENTIAL] Diary Belonging To Stephanie Austin
The Red Man is Real: The Burning Woman (Part 2)
The thing at my window
I Found My Brother in a Cave in the Woods
I Think the Company I Work for Tried to Kill My Best Friend!
The Wrong Dimension Part 1: The Attic (Trap) Door
I'm currently stuck in my apartment with armed guards keeping us in and strange creatures also keeping us in, please help.
I'm currently stuck in my apartment with armed guards keeping us locked in and stage creatures also keeping us locked in, please help
The Gift of Shaitan
My Brother Ate a Gas Station Chilli Dog, This is how he died [Final]
My Brother Ate a Gas Station Chilli Dog, This is how he died [Final]
!!fictional!! mysterious beast almost killed us
My Brother Ate a Gas Station Chilli Dog, This is how he died [Final Post]
My House Won’t Let Me Leave. Problem is, I’m not alone.
I was trapped in a coma for ten days when the crooked lady appeared and stared into my eyes
My Parents Never Wanted Me
Its weird how life works sometimes
I see something before bad things happen. (Written somewhat on a true story)on a
Meta
‘The Pained Healer.’
Text messages from my sister
The Camping Trip
‘The Healer.’
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Test
Saltwater [Part 8]
Everytime I piss red come out
my internet friend
I'm a security guard in an old mental hospital. I'm trapped in the tunnels with a bunch of brainwashed cannibals..
Dudeeeeee
My Dad used to work as a cop. This is the worst thing he ever experienced on the job...
[Pt. 2] I got a custom shampoo and it's ruining my life.
They will survive. But will I?
Bacchanalia
The Girl In The Painting
Sadie
Big friends in High places.
The Last Unwrapping Party On Earth (Part Three)
Sadie
Sadie
Ritual beast
A doorway to otherwhere
My Brother Ate a Gas Station Chilli Dog, This is how he died [Final Post]
My twin brother and I are hunters. The woods have a kind guardian.I can sleep at night and the only thing that makes me wake up is the sun
Every night i get sleep paralysis and only the sun rise can stop it
Children.
I found my father dead from suicide. I am traumatized. Please help
The Cult I’m Apart of Doesn’t Give Second Chances
I think something's wrong with my dad.
Anybody interested in the Occult?
The thing i saw last night
The Cabin
The thing i saw last night.
Today i saw a demon in my bed
Skating 06Aug2020
Can't sleep (06AUG2020)
I’m BB Boleyn - the most famous rock star in the world - and I’ve got a creepy groupie - Part 2
Cinnamon Wants a Jerky
I went looking for my uncle in a small town...you won't believe what I found
Has anyone seen this?
Everytime I go to sleep, I wake up someone else's dream - Sequence 2
My dog has changed since I got him...
A flame demon
Don't hold your breath and draw this on an etch A sketch
I found a puzzle left behind from the previous homeowners and I think the puzzle has changed my pregnant wife.
Someone left a bunch of old TVs on porches in my neighborhood
Leaflets
They have taken over. Please help
The moon landing was faked. Or at least the one we saw, and that's for good reason.
I think my former hometown diner may have closed down for more nefarious reasons than I thought.
The Smiley Game
Black Windows: What's out there? [2]
Everybody in the world gets told someday how much longer they have to live. I got one day.
I daydreamed my own death the other day.
What’s Your Favorite Ice-Cream?
[META] Who else is tired of seeing posts about the supernatural helping a kid with bullies?
My Brother Won’t Shut Up When He Plays Video Games
I'm a Medium, and I Receive Phone Calls from the Dead
I've been in lockdown for over two weeks now. And I think someone is lurking outside my home.
There's a ghost in my apartment and she likes me. It's complicated. (Part 2)
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The Red Man is real and I’m going to Stop Him (Part 1)
There's a ghost in my apartment and she likes me. It's complicated. (Part 2)
I Can Wait...
The Last Unwrapping Part On Earth (Part Three)
Magic Marker
How to survive a night at Kanapitsa
Spousal Support
I Use To Talk To A Painting Every Night
Sewer Gators Bait Shop Stories
I know my wife NEVER killed our dog (Update 4)
I'm a correctional officer at an underground prison. I think the warden is up to something.
The demon in my room
I know my wife NEVER killed our dog (Update 4)
My wife NEVER killed our dog (Final Update)
My Girlfriend Planned a Weekend Getaway to a Cemetery (Part 1)
Monster
The green fields
There is someone in my room...
There is someone in my room...
Radiation isn't the only thing you need to be wary of in the Chernobyl Exclusion Zone..
There's a ghost in my apartment and she likes me. It's complicated. (Part 2)
There’s a demon living in my attic and she has three rules (Part 6)
Flies in the Paintings Covering the Lady
Camp Wanahee (Part 5)
The Beast that Haunts Me: Part One
I doubt I can stay in here much longer, so I’ll try make this quick
I learnt the hard way not to ignore weird noises at night
Someones horny for Hillary Clinton, and we don't know who
How I got my Green Thumb. (Part One)
Welcome to Mercury Valley!
The Legend of CAVEBOY- and the Riddle of the Rhyme (Part 5)
There is a new door in our house
Sewer Gators Bait Shop Stories
Mary
My boyfriend needs to be drunk in order to have sex with me.
I saw my Son's imaginary friend (part 1)
I saw movement in the church. I shouldn’t have gone in.
I thought my dad was just a pervert. Its much worse.
I work for an agency that does not exist. We discovered something terrible and we can't stop it.
I thought my dad was just a pervert. Its much worse.
Timothy find the Devil
I Tried To Kill Death
My family moved to our new house 4 years ago but this only happened during the pandemic.
I thought my dad was a pervert. Its much worse.
Pretending to be asleep doesn’t work
Shapes In The Deep
The Beast that Haunts Me: Part One
I have been waking up in the middle of the night for no reason . Tonight I figured out why .
Just a thought
The Great Big Marsh
Every 24 hours I am forced into another zip code [Part 1]
IMPS (Part 1)
this is horrifying
As a therapist I’m used to patients who don’t understand boundaries, but the latest doesn’t even understand humans.
There's a celestial body in my basement. I use it to light my cigarettes.
My take on the Super Mario 64 is personalized stories.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
only im left. [part 1]
Lake of mystery
Come check my first ever rules of horor post
Subject Arkham evaluation log
SUbject Arkham Evaluation LogBelow site ██ [Part 1]
The Harsh Gurgle of It
necrophobia
I live in a haunted house in the middle of nowhere (Part 1?)
The Spooklight [Part 1]
sounds that play like music arent always the happiest
Saltwater [Part 7]
Police discovered this note and an audiotape inside one of their station desks. No one knows how it got there, but it led to a lot of carnage.
That darned sleep paralysis...
Some terrifying creature lives at my house and comes if i let my guard down.
The man in the woods is trying to kill me.
Kamchatka
Everytime I go to sleep, I wake up in someone else's dream - Sequence 2
Don't Play With Marbles
The human is the most dangerous animal...
The Hole In The Backdoor.
My twin sister and I are hunters. She thinks she saw the Spidereater today.
I think I had ghost dogs but I didn't even knew.
Fingers
The Woods Are Lovely, Dark, and Deep
The same old room
“Mohini” - Part 2
We Found Something in the Depths pt.1
Anesthesia
My Worst Hike
Clingers
Time
Yt learned me to much about the darkweb.....
Suggest me some best horror Stories
My mother came home
Failure to Thrive
I Recently Bought a Cabin in The UP (Part 1)
The Barn
Blood on My Hands
The smell of death
Hugging
ticking sound in wall???
Mr. Smiley
CANCER VALLEY
GOATMAN AND MAN IN THE ELEVATOR !!
They Wander The School Halls
I befriended my neighborhood killer. Part 1
I heard this short story when I was younger and it haunts me. I'm not sure if this totally abides by Rule 1, but I feel that this is the best place for it.
The Devil has a new marketing department
I befriended my neighborhood killer. Part 1
Creepy statue
The day the birds fell out of the sky.
The Marine Corps Isn't What It Seems
There's a ghost in my apartment and she likes me. It's complicated.
I'm assigned to creating nightmares, most nights I dispelled terror, I recently quit my job and I'm never going back | Part 1
A creepy statue [FICTION]
The Pesanta.
ALL YOUR HOUSE ARE BELONG TO US
The Last Unwrapping Party On Earth (Part Two)
The Marine Corps Isn't What It Seems Part 1
I'm recovering from a car crash, and I'm afraid some things just don't make sense.
3:43 AM
Adventure
The Sirens Won't Stop. It's Been 24 Hours.
I'm the captain of an oil rig in the North Sea. We found something.
I wish I had never started chatting online ...
help
The Bog outside of Town
The party upstairs was keeping me up all night. But, when I asked them to quiet down, all I found was a man sitting alone in an empty room. (Part 2)
There’s a demon living in my attic and she has three rules (Part 5)
When we found the creature, we thought it was an angel. We were just kids, ignorant of life's horrors. But now that twisted thing is free, and there's nothing we can do to stop it. [Part 2]
The Uncanny Canopy
I saw it this time
Everytime I go to sleep, I wake up in someone else's dream - Sequence 1
Comfort Food
The Mira Loma Monster
Can I Have Permission To Narrate Your Stories On My New Youtube Channel?
Our House.
Below Site ██ [Log A]
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
My Secret Admirer
I’ve Discovered a word but I’m afraid of what it could do.
"Waiting."
My best friend went missing from our university (Part One)
The Legend of Grimwald
I’m BB Boleyn - the most famous rock star in the world - and I’ve got a creepy groupie - Part 1
I woke up to a gunshot, and now my neighbourhood is destroyed
The Legend of CAVEBOY- and the Riddle of the Rhyme (Part 4)
He Just Won’t Die
The Hotel Veritas
I grew up in a cult that worshipped a black star
The Man in the Loud and Empty Room (Part 2)
The Legend of Grimwald
TRU LUV
Dr. Donald's YouTube Channel
I live with a devil and I need help!
Fresh out of prison, I took a job as a night shift janitor and have been experiencing some strange things...
TM Order has Arrived at its destination
My pregnant wife has a disturbing craving
As a therapist I’m used to patients who don’t understand boundaries, but the latest doesn’t even understand humans. [Part 1]
There’s Something in the Rubble
Ever thought about holes?
My Brother ate a Gas Station Chilli Dog, This is What Happened to his Organs [Part 3]
I got an alert on my phone, and there are tall creatures outside. Part 1.
Does abstaining from only porn count as no fap ?Strange flyers in Anderson SC
64 Paintings
Don't try to live in the dream world, it isn't worth it.
The things in the giant bear costumes won't stop handing out popcorn
I befriended my neighborhood killer P1
My Brother and I's Drive to Iowa
you cant blame me
I Got Vision Correction Surgery, and It's Working Too Well
My Brother and I's Drive to Iowa
Sorry if wrong sub but I need answers! Please
I was Stalker and kidnaped after I played a game
IMPS (Part 1)
Skin Soup
Dream Therapy
The augmentation ritual.
I've Seen God's Plan For Us All And It's Terrifying
The waffle iron gives me advice. It doesn't like it when I have a mind of my own.
The Road in the Woods
Don’t let your parents retire in Florida. Part 1.
There’s a reason for my fear of attics
The thing I regret most.
It's your birthday
You're eating chicken that your friend recommended for your birthday, and it's so good...
A new member of my forum is making creepy posts [1]
I create dreams, most nights I delivered nightmares to every door, I just quit recently and I don't want to go back [0]
I write dreams and most nights I bring nightmares to life, I just quit my job recently and I'm not planning to go back [0]
I should have been born dead (Part 1)
The Bogeyman Is Real, and He Wants to Eat My Soul (Part 1)
I create dreams from people's memories, I've recently quit [0]
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
My house won’t let me leave.
Sri lanka real horror story
I think my grandmother might be a drug dealer...
Seeds
a monster under the bed
Mother of Pearl
I wish to sleep and never wake up.
Manpig
My twin brother and I are hunters. There was something wrong with my brother's ex-girlfriend.
The night I lost my leg
Tales from the Watch Tower part 2.
Oblivious
A file about my parent's murder was delivered to my description instead of my name.
We don't get meat trucks at our store
Oblivious (gore warning)
Black Windows [1]
My pregnant wife has a disturbing craving
A Witch Lived Here
Surgery
Elf On The Shelf
When the wind changes direction
I’m a veterinarian for cryptids and sometimes we get extreme cases
I can communicate with my self from other parallel dimensions?
Black Magic.
The invitation of a soul in pain.
Weatherman predicts a black flower of nightmares
I'm Dorming In An Old House, I Think Something Lives Here With Us
My Anxiety
The more you stare...
For sale: Antique water-saving bathtub. Make me an offer.
Hello, we like to spread peace
The lady next door (very short) Just happened
A fisherman's paradise
Don’t buy the cheap quick action gun safe off amazon. Serious.
I found an ancient cult in the middle of the woods, the members aren't human they’re far worse.
I think I want some tea
I’ve archived and documented every important event in human history, but 2020 is missing [0]
It came from the woods
“Welcome to-“
I'm new to this
Welcome to-
Welcome to
O, Brother of Mine
I Never Used To Work Out In The Morning
The Last Unwrapping Party On Earth (Part One)
If you ever dream of this tree, DO NOT go near it.
I hate my job at Disney land
TM Order
The Order of the Blood Lily -- Inside a Blood Fetishist Cult -- Part Four: Loose Ends
Freedom Sneakers
Freedom Sneakers Part 1 [Series]
A Mother's Love
I Made A Deal With An Old Man In A Food Court Bathroom (Pt. 4)
I delivered a pizza to neighborhood that doesn't want to be acknowledged.
I can see everything that comes and goes on my street
IMPS (Part 1)
Hi Everyone, Just a quick story about a journey I am having right now and it amazing.
Post 1
Missing people, Part 1
"Shapeshifters."
Camping trip.
There’s a demon living in my attic and she has three rules (Part 4)
I'm not who you think I am...
a fate worse than death
A murderer in the town
Every time I walk the hallways outside my apartment something terrible happens
YOU CANT FORCE SOME ONE TO DO SOMETHING THATS ILEGAL IN THE FIERST PLACE
.
Every year we go on a couples camping trip to the same place. This year was different...
Every year we go on a couples camping trip to the same place. This year was different...Miss ChitChat
The mirror game
Siberia 1996
The Clown Wave of 2016 and My Experience with It
Mrs. Bones
I have become a goverment experiment
The tale of a phycopath.
If you've come across this post while researching the ritual, then you've found your answer. It's real. DON'T attempt it.
Every year we go camping at the same spot. This year, our spot wasn't there...
We shouldn't have gone down there
The Forest Gate (Part 1)
The Legend of CAVEBOY- and the Riddle of the Rhyme (Part 3)
My Wife Started Cutting Herself
[Part 5] The Involvement of Rome
IMPS (Part 1)
Free your mind
When I was 12 I held a séance for someone who didn't exist.
When I was a child I played in a castle made of light
Awaken to Reality
Witch's curse It is recommended that you do not read this story before bed!
Witch's curse (It is recommended that you do not read this story before bed! )
A thing is stalking me at night [part 1]
Sugar Freak
I investigated a sound coming from a neighbors apartment and got more than I bargained for
Ralph Sutton recaps a really weird dream with Soul Asylums DAVE PIRNER - Listen here on the SDR show: TheSDRShow.com/SAT1
My story
We'll Meet Again When the Land Breathes
I have always been interested in folklore and the occult, but now I have attracted the attention of something truly evil.
Fuzzy’s Big Top
My Father taught me how to look at the night sky. He didn’t tell me it was looking back. (Part 3)
I found something weird in my dad's office and I have so many questions to ask him.
Every Night Before I Go To Bed
Home
Something strange happened after the power outage [Part 1]
I waited days to clean off my grandmother's gravestone. I'm only allowed 24 hours.
Obscure sentence, non-sequitur plot generators
HELP. I'M TRAPPED IN A SITCOM. S1E01
I am sure I am not a crazy old man getting carried away, and I am positive I need your help Part Three
Life sucks
Don't ignore your mind.
Saltwater [Part 6]
Evangeline P.1 Ch. 2
Daddy's Secret
Evangeline P. 1
NASA Is Trying To Kill Me
NASA Is Trying To Kill Me
We escaped but they found us. Our time has come?
Mr. Puppet
LED ON 24/7 YEAR IN YEAR OUT - THICK COUNCILS BREAKING THE LAW - HIDING ...
When we found the creature, we thought it was an angel. We were just kids, ignorant of life's horrors. But now that twisted thing is free, and there's nothing we can do to stop it. [Part 1]
I’ve lived here all my life and haven’t seen anything strange, at least not until recently
September 3rd 1944
Something Took My Sister and I'm Afraid It's Coming For Me Next
I want it to lick me again
Eyes will lock.
My twin brother and I are hunters. Here's why we always try to look alike.
I was trapped at my high school for 2 weeks and was constantly being hunted down, I think I was in an alternate dimension. [Part 1]
I need to get something off my chest..
I was trapped in my high school for 2 weeks being constantly hunted down, and I think I was in an alternate dimension. [Part 1]
Something Hiding Within The ASMR Community
I Wish I Never Went To College
You
Missing people
The knocking at the door hasn’t stopped all night
My Baby Teeth Came In
My Boyfriend and I Were Stalked in the Woods
The Diner on Blueberry Road.
I found an old yearbook in my closet during quarantine and you won't believe what I found.
I Work in a Very Unusual Pet Store. Some Customers are More Difficult than Others.
The magician whom we almost killed
You hunt, we follow
My girlfriend and I were almost mugged
We were almost mugged or kidnapped
Daddy is Coming
Let Go
I think there's something seriously wrong with Mario.
I think there's something seriously wrong with Mario
The Tickelbeast
The caves. [pt3]
How to Survive Camping: the family curse
It lives in the trees
Only a Raccoon
My Ghost Experience “True Story”
I'm an employment background investigator. It's my job to find skeletons.
I bought a "Friend" on Etsy.. Do Not Answer My Front Door!!
This story isn't paranormal.
The real masters don't look like monsters
I Got Vision Correction Surgery, and It Worked Frighteningly Well
I Went on my First and Last Blind Date Last Night
Daddy is Coming
My horrific nightmare
3am
My friend lives in the mountains and now I believe in extraterrestrials [Finale]
I’m a dentist for monsters. Sometimes I do home visits.
My friend lives in the mountains and now I believe in extraterrestrials [Finale]
I Am An Exorcist And These Are My Stories.
My first two died, and my third is all I have left
Mohini (Part 2)
My New Apartment has a Crawl Space, and I'm Stuck Inside
I think there's something wrong with my dog...I only have one week until they come
If You Smell Something Rotten, Check the Attic First
Good Morning
I repeatedly see my dead girlfriend in dreams
The Mines
Lucy Makes Clocks
I dreamt of corridors and my footsteps aren't the only ones anymore
This man has been waving at me for the past week... every night he gets closer.
YOU BETTER GO TO SLEEP EARLY!
the thing in the shower
I Play Rituals: Man in the Fields
The truth I cannot know
I accepted an invitation to a dying town. Now it's time to end this madness.
There’s a demon living in my attic and she has three rules (Part 3)
Winning the Lottery
My nightmares are bleeding into waking life. I can't fall asleep. I just can't. Help me.
Too Worried and Sick to Not Eat
The Stalker
“Mohini”
KAREN
I got a custom shampoo, and now I think I'm cursed.
The Stalker
I am a pilot on a B-52 bomber. I’ve had encounters I can’t explain.
Don't go into the water
Fuck ProctorU
Zombie Dawn
In need of help.
It Was Supposed to be a Joke.
The Order of the Blood Lily -- Inside a Blood Fetishist Cult -- Part Three: Beyond the Door
The time i was gona beat up my homie but a ghost stoped me
Game development
The Legend of CAVEBOY- and the Riddle of the Rhyme (Part 2)
I Can't Stop Dreaming About Them
My Grandfathers Puzzles.
I Got Vision Correction Surgery, and It's Working Too Well (Part 2)
I Got Vision Correction Surgery, and It's Working Too Well (Part 2)
ROT
Don't visit... they'll follow you.
Homer that hammers
Its Eyes were the only visible horror. Everything else was unseen.
I used to jave a russain doll
I Let Him Speak a Bit to Heaven
I worked as a Camera operator in the 90s, my last job is the reason I retired.
I Play Rituals: Man in the Fields
The Night I Lost my Grandfather
The door at the end of my hallway has never done that before..
Why one should fear the bigfoot
“Tap Tap” TM Order has arrived at its destination
Something attacked me in the woods, and I still dont know what it is to this day
The night shift
Why I sleep with my blinds closed.
I Got Vision Correction Surgery, and It's Working Too Well
I tried to develop an Artificial Intelligence, but I think it’s become sentient… [Part 1]
My house is infested with fishing hooks.
I Got Vision Correction Surgery, and Something's Going Very Wrong (Part 1)
I Got Vision Correction Surgery, and Something Went Very Wrong (Part 1)
I Got Vision Correction Surgery, and Now Something Strange Is Going On With My Eyes (Part 1)
Your time is up...
LA VIEILLE DAME ET LES CHATS
My friend and I pranked a homicidal maniac (Part 1)
My Dreams always come true!! And that's the problem!!
You know nothing at all (Part 2)
I dream in ashes.
You know nothing at all
Do you know Steve?
My twin brother and I are hunters. The Spidereater was like my third parent.
I Found A Journal From The Cold War.
I woke up
The Floating Teeth
Winston Manor
Im sad again
The Dark
Vent stuff
The Longlegs
Did you know we all have a wandering spirit following us all the time? But be careful, don't look up. He doesn't like being looked at in the eyes.
Did you know we all have a wandering spirit following us all the time?
Stay silent when it knocks.
Astral travel experiences?
There's something with horns in my house
Astral Travel experiences?
My Neighbors Below Are Quite Odd
First time that I do not sleep through the night for work related reasons, what to expect for the upcomming day?
Cultural Myths and Monsters Pt. 1: El Cuco
She always came at 2:37 AM
Me and my friends were attacked in the woods by something, sinister.
The hallway with no end (part 1)
I got a job as a security guard at a remote shopping mall. I somehow survived the shift (FINAL)
Eddie
My dreams take me to other worlds and all three want me.
C O L D S P O T
There's something outside
A hearse driver tried to kill me, and that’s not the crazy part. (Pt 1)
They Wander The School Halls
I Took the Road Less Traveled and It Almost Got Me Killed - Part 2
My friend lives in the mountains and I finally found him
Universe of Monsters
Think twice before getting breast augmentation surgery
Heaven files - audio/Adrian Goldheart #1
My Right Hand Man
Pink, Horn Rimmed GlassesI’m a park ranger and I think something has been snatching up campers and hikers in the Smokey mountains part 2
I Play Rituals: Man in the Fields
It’s lovely outside
The weird house
The Gas Station in the Desert
I felt a witch paralyze me.
I have to stay awake and write.
The Void Below my Bed / Part 2 of the Delacroix Void
I get Sleep Paralysis, but Sometimes I Don't Know if That's All it is....
The Void Below the Bed. (Delacroix Void Part 2)
I felt a Witch paralyze me when I was a kid
Wounds of a corpse
The ghost in the attic
“Ralph was that you?” Part 1
Found this box of notes and recordings on the attic (Part one)
Groan...scratch...groan
Cough,Scratch, groan
There’s a demon living in my attic and she has three rules (Part 2)
Something happened last week
I Made A Deal With An Old Man In A Food Court Bathroom (Pt. 3)
Case 208 (Audio - Adrian Goldheart #1)
My friends and I found a mysterious building in the middle of the woods. We should have never gone out there.
A Cursed Video
Another Day in Paradise
Heaven files (audio - Adrian Goldheart #1 )
Cabin on the hill
Cabin on the hill
Have you heared of the shadow shifter?
I've Seen What Lies Beyond Reality
The Owl from the Woods in Our Yard
This infernal virus
The Owl
My overall opinion of homeless people has drastically changed.
What happened to me at Marysville Lane
Yachting
The Legend of CAVEBOY- and the Rules of the Rhyme
I'm the only one who sees him, but my dog. Please help.
Don’t look out the window past 12am
“Ralph was that you?” Part 1
She always came at 2:37 AM
My first post here of my worst nightmare.
“Ralph was that you?” (Part 1)
I Bought My Life For $19.99
A nasty little 100-word horror story.
bitácora del bunker día 1
The caves. [pt2]
My Brother Ate a Gas Station Chilli Dog, This is what happened to his Brain [Part 2]
The caves. [pt2]
Mr. Moore wanted to stay alive, and it came with a cost
Mr. Moore wants to stay alive.
Willow
The Broadside.
A dream
Sorry don't know what subreddit to put this on/
Little Witch and Jack O'Lantern
The Easter Bunny
Overnight camping: week 7
My imaginary friend as a kid came back (true story)
The Loup-Garou
July 2020 contest nominations
The Quarantine sleep
My Past Life Is Taking Over My Current One...And I Can't Stop It
made a gc on kik! please join if bored! :) #makefriendsgalore
Cult of the goat woman
Cult of the goat woman
The world outside my school has vanished.
What My Mother Told Me - Baby, she's back - Part 2
Live Testing - Network and Settings
There are 54 words in the English language that are trying to kill me. And I need your help. [Part 2]
We need to get out, but someone just came in.
We need to get out, but someone just cam in.
I met an old man who no longer remembers his name
Grandma’s Strings
My Grandma told me her disturbing secret 2 years ago, it still haunts me to this day PART 2
I've Seen What Lies Beyond
A white figure with red eyes
404 Sleep Not Found
Something attacked a horse in a locked stable and no one can explain
You’re Famous, Now What?
You’re Famous! Now What?
You’re Famous! Now What?
I camped overnight, now I’m being stalked all the time. (Part 2)
I camped overnight, now I’m being stalked all the time.
I met an old man who couldn't remember his name
I think something might be living in my Grandfather's old cornfield
I Saw A Monster Under My Bed
I never tought i would be writing this
My twin brother and I are hunters. Things get nasty when we're hungry.
I know the real truth but they have me locked in chains.
A demon is manifesting on every mirror I see.
always check your surroundings !
I'm the only one who knows the truth; they have me locked up.
I've always wondered why there was a lock on the basement door.
3:56AM
El Silbador - The Whistler
The clicking from the fridge
It just gets worse from here. Part 1
I think I may have just discovered a real estate mystery?
Prisoners cinema
Prisoners cinemaWeird stuff in my uncle's notebook
I accepted an invitation from someone I forgot existed. Now I need to find an old man who remembers everything.
Just a nightmare
I am a robot &gt;:3
The Bonfire
The Order of the Blood Lily -- Inside a Blood Fetishist Cult -- Part Two: I Am Lilith
My Dead Mother is Calling Me
I woke up at the strangest place, of which I have no collection....and something is very, very wrong here.
The Things In My Apartment Won’t Stop Moving
Weird stuff in my uncle's notebook
The Hut
I’m a Medic in a Weird Hospital: Update / Night of the Lycan
I know the true reason behind “broken arrow” incidents.
Please verify your identity
Why I Quit My Job On The Dark Web
The Cave
ATTENTION NORTH EAST TEXAS AND SURROUNDING STATES- I HAVE A WARNING YOU NEED TO HEED.
They’re Coming
The Switch - Part 1
Keys wallet passport clothes last post
Still terrified of sleep paralysis.
My wife NEVER killed our dog (Final Update)
I was bitten by a creature in the woods and now I keep having dreams of a man killing me.
The Inexplicable Road (Pt.3) Final
What happened to my dog is my fault
The Inexplicable Road (Pt.3 Final)
I NEED CAMPING OR DEEP WEB CREAPY STORIES
Exploration Journal: Location 1
I met Casper the friendly ghost...and he was not friendly
I met Casper the friendly ghost!!!(extremely scare)(WILL GIVE U NIGHTMARES)
My Cabin is haunted
My wife NEVER killed our dog (Final Update)
I was at the grocery store and I got a list of rules.
I was bitten by a creature in the woods and now I keep having dreams of a man trying to kill me
Hotel 1995: The Logs Of Old
I had no idea
My first crepypasta
At The End of Every Show, They Set A Ballerina On Fire (Part Seven) FINAL
I used Reddit at 3am... what happened next made me question my entire life
I was bitten by a creature in the woods and now I keep dreaming about a man trying to kill me
At The End of Every Show, They Set A Ballerina On Fire (Part Seven, FINAL)
The Switch - Part 1
There's a reason the government doesn't want you planting the mystery seeds from China
Lift Off, Part 1
I applied for a job as a security guard at an airport. I found this list of rules... (Part 1)
ansiedad
Who the hell is woody
Knock Knock
We've been planning the murder of our boss for years, but it doesn't go the way we expected
I think I stumbled upon a human trafficking location
My radio alarm clock played something disturbing almost ten years ago, and now I can't stop thinking about it.
I narrowly avoided becoming the third new scarecrow on my friend’s farm.
Maroon 5- girls like you (Sax cover)
Ansiedad
The Puppeteer
The Hole
Saltwater [Part 5]
I was pinged 44 times on discord.. Dont Look Behind You
I worked a night shift as a security gaurd in a mall. There was a strange set of rules.
I Found a Dead Girl's Diary in an Abandoned Factory
I got a job as a ranch hand in northern Washington but something weird is going on.
I worked the night shift as a security gaurd in a mall. There was a stange set of rules.
An influencer came into my coffee shop, she paid me in exposure.
There’s a demon living in my attic and she has three rules (Part 1)
Scary
Monster
The monster in the woods
If you are in South Texas PLEASE do not take ALAMO RD - PT 2
If you are in South Texas PLEASE do not take ALAMO RD - PT 1
Rusted giant
Saltwater [5/9]
The National Parks Aren't Just There to Preserve Nature - Yosemite
The Night Stalker (Part 3)
The rusted giant
King of the rockies
My friend lives in the mountains and I stumbled on something underground.
Apparently, supermarkets are secret inter-dimensional gateways.
I played on my computer for approximately 1148.34 hours.. and I never remembered it all.
Truth or Dare
The caves. [pt1]
Truth or Dare
The Man with the Radiation Suit,part 1
I didn't believe The Whispering Man was real, until my sister vanished and now he's after me.
the caves [pt1]
Whiskey Hunt – The Jenkins Report (Part 1)
The Jackdaw
I answered an invitation from someone I forgot existed. Not I have to find an old man who didn't forget anyone.
A guide to dreaming: Step One - Falling asleep
My uncle used to own a farm. I wish I’d never set foot in that place. Part 3 - Final
Many years ago, my mother and best friend went missing under strange circumstances. I made it my life's goal to find out what happened to them.
Can you hear it too?
I saw Mother Nature: she's real.
Moonrise Inn: The Night Shift
I was on a nosleep reddit
Words to a Librarian (Part 6)
I’ve Never Lost Anything in my Life...
I Was Involved In A Military Ritual
White
Relaxing sound of rain falling on roof tops. 1 hour: perfect for deep sleep, relaxation, natural white noise or baby lullaby.
A Cure To DepressionTeen Writing Group
I Took the Road Less Traveled and It Almost Got Me Killed - Part 2
There’s tall black figure in the mist, I think it’s watching me...
I Took the Road Less Traveled and It Almost Killed Me - Part 2
I was on a nosleep reddit
I’m a Vet, these animals are not normal [Part 1]
My Night Terrors Felt Real.. I Soon Found Out The Truth And Nearly Lost My Life.
I was on a nosleep reddit
What Happens at Church...
Whatever you do, don't let the creature in.
The Strangest Roommate I've Ever Had
My uncle used to own a farm. I wish I’d never set foot in that place. (Part 3 - Final)
I was on a nosleep reddit
I’m a Slasher
I Don't Do Art Comissions Anymore
(Part 2) My great-aunt left me a note of rules and warnings. I have had the worst night of my life.
Dreams of Love and Vischord
we have a rat problem
I am never going to do a Nightwalk again - Part 2
Overnight camping: The forest is back
The night shift at McDonald's that made me resign
I Made A Deal With An Old Man In A Food Court Bathroom (Pt. 2)
It’s 4:30 and I can’t sleep
They always come back-part 1
Seldon's Playroom
What should I do after this happened to me
Warehouses in Brasil - Condo? Galpões no Brasil em Condomínio com segurança 24 h, Pé Direito 12 m, docas, Melhores Opções, Melhor Custo x Benenefício,
The Thing in the Parking Lot
Angry man cutting coconut cellular jail andamaan island
sleep as android recorded this last night.
I was asked to investigate the Slime man
Ghost Dog
The Corporal.
The Corporal.
The Corporal.
The Corporal.
The Corporal.
The Corporal.
The Corporal.
The Corporal.
My twin brother and I are hunters. Our game isn't what you'd expect.
Lady in the red robes
The game me and my son play...
There’s A Place My Friend Doesn’t Talk About
I (17F) survived being kidnapped, this is how I got out alive
Mattressia.com is on sale
Every night, the same man appeared in my dreams. One day I tried giving him form. It seemed like a fun idea at the time…
"I'm Sorry"
Knocking
The Order of the Blood Lily -- Inside a Blood Fetishist Cult -- Part Two: I Am Lilith
The Crawling Boy
I was my mother's muse, but it nearly killed me.
Tiny Technology eBussy
My dad keeps disappearing into the basement, into the room no one is allowed in.
The Shimmering Glade ( Pt 1)
The House At The End Of Sunny Lane
A peculiar midday rendezvous
The Shimmering Glade ( Pt.1)
That Thing
The Shimmering Glade ( Pt. 1 )
A peculiar midday rendezvous
Unexplained Campground Log Entries #1
Keys wallet passport clothes last post
Don't go the backroads at night
So my girlfriend just got a really strange call?
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
a small chat with a killer
I was being held hostage when I was once a guard
I answered an invitation from someone who doesn't exist
I am moving into a slightly haunted woods soon
the caves
Sisters
I work graveyard on a college campus. I've seen some things.
I got a job as a security guard at a remote shopping mall. My shift is nearly over (Part 4)
i was scared
Hello?
My doctors don't know what happened... I wish I didn't either...
the caves [NSFW] [part 1]
The Order of the Blood Lily -- Inside a Blood Fetishist Cult Part Two: I Am Lilith
I’m a prison guard and something has been killing and skinning the prisoners alive
I’m a prison guard and something has been killing skinning the prisoners alive
I work the graveyard on a college campus. I've seen a few things.
I Took the Road Less Traveled and It Almost Got Me Killed
A strange sighting in the hills of Yamanashi, Japan
The Hut - a new take on a classic
Voices In The Attic
I am NEVER going to do a Night Walk again – Part 2
I was part of a reality survival based tv show. The footage will never air. Part 3. Final.
At the end of every day, they kill me
The Scungilli Man...
It's Still Following Me
I worked a night shift as a security gaurd in a mall. There was a stange set of rules.
There was someone in my shower
I am NEVER going to do a Night Walk again – Part 2
I am a mall security gaurd theres a odd set of rules
Has anyone seen a girl with long curly grey hair on the bus before?
I am NEVER going to do a Night Walk again – Part Two
I am NEVER going to do a Night Walk again – Part 2
Not a joke I need help
I will never go to a slumber party again.Every few days, I wake up in the body of someone who is about to die an unnatural death
Keys wallet passport clothes three
The Slime Man
The Tombs
Everything Is Frozen in Time, Except for Me, the Crows, and the One Controlling the Crows
It’s beautiful...
At The End of Every Show, They Set A Ballerina On Fire (Part Six)
Overnight camping: The forest is back
6423 Salt st.
I’m about to die, so I have to tell someone what happened.
Everything Is Frozen in Time, Except for Me, the Crows, and the One Controlling the Crows
I went on a date with something inhuman
I hit my head on my wall everyday to see when I can die.
The Video
LEAKED Government memo details cover-up by Yukon Territory and RCMP Officials! REAL documents attached! Last names and locations removed to protect identities. [Part Three]
The Video
She gives her love with nothing in return. They mold it into a 6.66 ft steel chain to choke her.
salty tears is all I can taste.
She gives her love with nothing in return. They mold it into a 6.66 ft steel chain to choke her. They dont want her to go completely unconsciousness but she is almost there. They then suspend her upside down from her ankles as if she is Harry Houdini. It is magic that she is alive. The blood rushes
My Father taught me how to look at the night sky. He didn’t tell me it was looking back. (Part 2)
The Order of the Blood Lily -- Inside a Blood Fetishist Cult
I killed the voice inside my head. Entry 1.
The Girl Under the Stairs
Pull
Music Box Makes Me Remember Some of My Childhood
My sister was convinced The Whispering Man was real, I didn't believe her until she vanished and now he's after me.
Test
Overnight camping: The forest is back
Overnight camping: The forest is back.(again)
Skin Tag Forest
Can’t die
The Skin Men (Part 3)
[Part 4] Blood Music and the Guild of Surgeons
He Won't Stop Smiling
The Gospel of Gabriel
I’m an actor in a Wild West model town. We won’t get to ride off into the sunset.
I have played Roller Coaster Tycoon since I was a kid. I now understand why it is so deeply important to me.
There's an air-conditioned armored transport vehicle heading into Hell.
The Giant at the Side of the Road
There after me
The Greatest Man Who Never Lived
The Night Stalker (Part 2)
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The Future will be great
The Night Stalker (Part 2)
IVE BEN TARGETED FOR GANG STALKING AND ELECTRONIC HARASMENT
My whole neighborhood turned on me.
I watched a man confirm his immortality by killing himself.
I Was Pinged On A Discord Server 44 Times.. I Now Know Why..
We got in, but now there is something outside.
Something has been sleeping on my bed. It isn't me.
Something has been sleeping on my bed. It isn't human.
Saltwater [5/9]
Intrusive neighbour
[Series] Jeremiah, pt.1
I got a packet of strange seeds in the mail
I Had a Terrible Nightmare, and Now I think I’m Missing Memories.
So, the afterlife is real. (Part 1)
My neighbours asked me to homes it, they have some peculiar rules
The Night Stalker (Part 2)
We got in, but now something is outside.
The Night Stalker (Part 2)
Uncle Teddy and Cora: The Dollhouse. Part 2 of 2.
I Never Used To Work Out In The Morning
The Skin Men (Part 3)
I don’t know if I’m awake anymore
Affect vs. Effect: Easily Choose the Correct Word
We got in, but now there's something outside.
The Long Tunnel
Moonrise Inn: The Crack behind the wall
There are 54 words in the English language that are trying to kill me. And there’s more out there.
I don't pay my electric bill because my house is haunted. But the ghost wants to move on.
Something lives under my house and its trapped me
My uncle used to own a farm. I wish I’d never set foot in that place. (Part 2)
I camped overnight, now I’m being stalked all the time.
My mother's sinister diary entries are becoming a reality...
Words to a Librarian Part 5
Words to a librarian (Part 5)
A mystical being hunts foreigners in my country
True story.....
True story...
.....
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Ghost Light
Mesmeria
The Owl
The Ugly Boy
The Face Game
I am clown
Say It Three Times
The Signal
The Signal
Unexplainable events vacationing in the Blue Ridge Mountains of Georgia.
(Non-Fic) Unexplainable events vacationing in the Blue Ridge Mountains of Georgia.
HOOVER POINT
From the institute of the mind, I bring you D.C. The vacation of a nightmare.
From the institute of the mind, I bring you D.C. The vacation of a nightmare.
It is a father's duty to protect his child, but as my little girl lays dying in a hospital bed, I must turn to something I don't fully understand for help.
It was the perfect honeymoon until it wasn't, Torres del Paine National Park, Chile
I Took A Job As A Janitor and I Had To Follow Very Strange Instructions.The Diary Of William Corvin
It just watches
Oxygen Levels: Critical
My sweatshirt blocked my door so I thought of this
My sweatshirt blocked my door so i thought of this
The Inexplicable Road (Pt.2)
From the institute of the mind, I bring you D.C. The vacation of a nightmare.
There is no ghost in my house.
My phone receives Emergency Alert notifications exactly 13 days and 9 hours before any other phones receive them. I couldn't believe the Emergency Alert I just recieved, exactly 10 minutes before 2018 began.
An Old Man Warned Me About "The Hunt"
The Saint Christopher Problem
Need help.
At the call center where I worked, dealing with annoyed customers was part of the job, but I didn't know that I had to interact with dead ones, too.
Need help.
(Part 5) My great-aunt left me a note of rules and warnings. I’m on thin ice.
My psychiatrist is a bit unorthodox [Part 4]
I've been signed up for the weirdest camp in the world [3]
Need help.
Kinda a horror story and sleep paralysis experience. Thought I'd share here
I have to get to the platform on my stairs by midnight
I have to get to the platform on my stairs by midnight
After my dad's passing, I took a part-time job at the call center near home to take my mind off death. Little did I know, it waits for me at work.
I made up a monster to bug a friend. Now I think it's following me.
The Curse grows
the time i almost got kidnapped
The Abandoned Carnival
A 'Skunk' Messaged Me On Discord.. DO NOT FRIEND HIM
The Four Knocks
Gone Fishin'
My friend lives in the mountains and I think I know what he stumbled onto
Living furniture
......
I Discovered an Amazon Locker that Doesn't Exist
I found a doll on Craigslist
The Revenants
A 'Skunk' DMed Me On Discord.. His Intentions Weren't That Of Normal Trolls..
An extremely short but scary story
At The End of Every Show, They Set A Ballerina On Fire (Part Five)
I Thought My Roommate Got a Makeover. The Truth Was So Much Worse
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Friend:I got EHS (exploding head syndrome) lol Me:What’s it like? Friend: Imagine someone with razor sharp claws ripping you skin open oh so slowly, letting your blood spill out as you wait for the pain to end but it’s sound. Me:holy
I found an old Red Car in underground tunnel
Extremely uncomfortable lucid spinning dreams/nightmares
Does anyone remember a TV channel called ‘Beneath the Static’? (Part 6)
The cross-country road trip that ruined my life. [Part 1]
Ugh~ I am crazy 🙄
Are your nightmares supposed to last for millennia?
A teenage girl disappeared in the forest. We found two of her [PART ONE]
I looked down my pants this morning
A teenage girl went missing in the forest. We found two of her. [PART ONE]
I looked in the mirror this morning
Every Day is the Same
The penis
Winter chill
GUYS I`M AFRAID TO FALL ASLEEP BECAUSE MY FRIEND WANTED TO EAT WATERMELONS
Unwelcome in my own house.
My sister has been having headaches, and I recently found some strange flowers in my yard. (Part 2)
I entered a contest to survive alone in the woods for one month. I discovered I may not be alone...
Unwelcome in my own home
It's Just a Kid's Imagination...Right
I Made A Deal With An Old Man In A Food Court Bathroom (Pt. 2)
In a strange town called Orion's Crest, my family and I discovered true terror. Now, we will never be the same.
The Art of Shaving
LEAKED Government memo details cover-up by Yukon Territory and RCMP Officials! REAL documents attached! Last names and locations removed to protect identities. [Part Two]
I had horrible sleep paralysis as a child
I am NEVER going to do a Night Walk again
The guardsman at the fire
The Flood Lights at The Neighbor's Across The Street
I inherited a Wild West model town. The prospector and the midwife are after us.
9:26
True story
My grandma died and passed down her cabin to my brother and me. I just blew the last chance I had of fixing this shitshow, and now the damn space demon's lit the forest on fire [FINAL]
I promised my second-born child to a demon
Writing in the Book of the Dead (Part 1)
Looking for some stories
The Night Stalker (Part One)
Mesmeria
9:26
Writing in the Book of the Dead (Part 1)
There's a monster under my bed, and I think my sadness causes it pain
9:26 Part 1
Pitch-Black
I Said My Prayers. Something Ungodly Answered.
The Night Stalker (Part 1)
Pitch-Black
My neighbours asked me to home sit, I should've said no
Saltwater [Part 4]
Her life
The Skin Men (Part 2)
All my friends died in "The Tube" beneath our town.
The Inexplicable Road (Pt. 2)
I’m a dentist for monsters. This patient was a real old hag.
This was supposed to be a two-day job. (Part-1) (NSFW/Trigger Warning)
There is no escape
I thought my squirrel caught the bubonic plague. Now I realize it's something far worse..
The Bedite Borrows
My Father taught me how to look at the night sky. He didn’t tell me it was looking back. (Part 1)
Don’t play Eviebot
We thought it was a school shooter,but it was much worse.
I saw the Moon collapse in on itself. Everyone did. Why am I the only one who remembers what happened? Why did we forget?Barnacles
I thought my dad came back from a business trip, but he's been dead for 15 years
I clean up dead bodies
The Wednesday Conspiracy – A hidden European gem
House of Mirrors
My grandma died and passed down her cabin to my brother and me. I blew the last chance I had of fixing this shitshow, and now the damn space demon's lit the forest on fire. [FINAL]
Friend:I got EHS (exploding head syndrome) lol Me:What’s it like? Friend: Imagine someone with razor sharp claws ripping you skin open oh so slowly, letting you blood spill out as you wait for the pain to end but it’s sound. Me:holy
My buddies and I restored an abandoned community pool. Now apparently it's the year 2020.
I've been working in digital forensics for three years, and this has got to be the strangest case I've encountered so far.
The picker
Hello, All.
[Part 3] The Tolstoy Wing
Weird moment in the Bathroom
I got a job as a security guard at a remote shopping mall. I can't keep up with these rules (Part 3)
The Movie Where A Serial Killer Trucker Follows A Couple
My doorcam rings at night. I must not open the door.
Don't talk to the Patrick who asks for help...
My daddy always said karma has no deadline and now I know what he meant.
I got a job as a security guard at a remote shopping mall. I can't keep up with these rules (Part 3)
Breaking Point PART 1
Do the dead really live again?
I'm scared of pain, so this is how I dealt with it.
I work at a hotel. They gave me a strange set of rules to follow.
It eats your spine(the picker)
...And The Wolves Kept Howling
No Spoilers
I run a museum of cursed objects. I figured out what's going on with Courtney.
I’m Not Afraid
The Prison Yard
New pet owner looking for advice
I stopped going into the woods for two years.
Christie, things will never be the same between us...
It all started with the dream (part 1)
The saw mill.
I was part of a reality survival based tv show. The footage will never air.
Her Eyes Are Wrong
When your notepad app gets a mind of it's own....run.
How to Survive Camping: Rule #6 - the hammock monster
Here's a secret - we mostly don't want to end your world
Here's a secret - we (most of us) don't want to end your world
Something just doesn’t feel right about falling asleep
I'll never forget what I saw on the track as an conductor
I work on an oil rig in the North Sea. I think we found something.
Home
I know the muffin man
The Curse of Buddy Holly
Perfect podcast
I know the muffin man
The Inexplicable Road (Pt. 1)
Willy Wonka is a bad man
My life started when I was 4-5 years old
The Inexplicable Road (Part 01)
Lad's night.
THM
My experiences solo hiking in central Michigan, a man walked out from the depths of pike lake
Hunting Trip
My friend lives in the mountains and he’s stumbled on something weird.
Trying to find a story about Death helping you escape from going into another life
I draw ungodly creatures for a living, I deeply regret it.
On a cold winters night
I work for the SCP Foundation.
Night, Eternal
Boy, Adventurer, Inmate, King
I went through a door that shouldn’t exist, and now I’m afraid to fall asleep
At The End Of Every Show, They Set A Ballerina On Fire (Part Four)
There's a woman beneath my floorboards, I think she's hungry.
I was sent to a summer camp, or that's what I thought... (PART 8)
I think I am being followed
Steading A Home
Mole People Beneath New York City?
I think I am being followed
Everything is disappearing, but I'm the only one who can see it.
The Caretaker
Getting More Than I Bargained For
THE INTERNET IS FULL OF SECRETS. SOME, YOU SHOULD NOT SEE.
If you ever see Santa, run to your parents.
The Thing in my Closet
The secret in my Chruch's basement.
Why I Always Make Sure To Read The Fortune Inside A Fortune Cookie
"There are giant spiders on my bed"
Tales from the Desert.
Mole People Beneath NYC?
My sister has been having headaches and I recently found strange flowers in my yard.
I found a letter
My last job Babysitting
WITCH FINDER
The lonely hiking trip, part 1.
I’m a Vet, these animals are not normal [Part 1]
Help me find Violin Hill Audio Retelling
NE-Alpha
Some day you will die.
We found a half-submerged animatronic, dumped in a local pond. My friend thinks it’s alive. (Part 7) (FINAL)
LEAKED Government memo details cover-up by Yukon Territory and RCMP Officials! REAL documents attached! Last names and locations removed to protect identities. [Part One]
I didn't realize why no one wanted the apartment until it was too late.
The Old Waterhouse
I’m an actor in a Wild West model town. It’s time to catch a train.
My old friend
Juliana went Missing Last Year (part one)
There’s monsters
Those weren't the "space rocks" I was expecting...I attended an estate sale and brought more than I bargained for
Went on 8th grade science trip in Sinai, walked away from the group and woke up in Saudi Arabia.
My nightmare
I was on an 8th grade science trip in the Sinai(Egypt), walked away from my group and woke up in Saudi Arabia.
My grandma died and passed down her cabin to my brother and me. Now an inter-dimensional asshole is trying to end the world as we know it.
Help me
Beyond the Fragility of Life
I don’t have an uncle (part one)
My dead sister is trying to climb out of old photographs
Short Story: The Believers
Barnacles
What Happened
Saltwater [Part 3]
I work with crazy, violent people; but now I’m beginning to wonder if I’m the dangerous one
Beware the Colorado by Darwin D. Delaware
I am a scientist and a zombie apocalypse is coming
I don't have much time, but you need to know what's out there. There's no such thing as empty space. And now I think they know we're aware. God damnit this doesn't make any sense.
The party upstairs was keeping me up all night. But, when I asked them to quiet down, all I found was a man sitting alone in an empty room. (Part 1)
After a secret organisation that shall not be named suffered through an incident , 250 dead , and didn't try to hunt down the monster , I created my own organisation with 150 others and hunted it down
Words to a Librarian Part 7 FINAL
Shadow
Ballroom dancing
I may be dead soon. Please call my mom or the cops if I don’t update this post in the next few days.
When we found the creature, we thought it was an angel. We were just kids, ignorant of life's horrors. But now that twisted thing is free, and there's nothing we can do to stop it. [Part 1]
I haven't figured out the nostalgia killer, but the tenth anniversary of the first murder still haunts me.
A secret organisation I was working for didn't try to catch the monster that caused 250 people to die , so I separated into my own organisation
Hold Your Breath
I am an ex-SCP agent , I created my own foundation after a big problematic incident that affected lots of people
The Skin Men (Part 3)
The Skin Men (Part 2)
The Skin Men (Part 1)
The Skin Men (Part 1 of 3)
Qualia, Unqualifiable
I encountered a horrifying dream like monster
The Beach Visitor
My Brother Ate a Gas Station Chilli Dog, This is What Happened to his Skin
Shadow
I shouldn’t have returned to Camp Grass-Heights. Now, I’m paying the price. [Part Two]
Am I being watched ?
My uncle used to own a farm. I wish I’d never set foot in that place.
I paid a visit to an abandoned penitentiary and nearly ended up serving a life sentence..
The divergence of my reality started at sea.
June 2020 Voting Thread
He told me his wife died of cancer... Here's how I found out he lied.
My client is not acting like herself and won’t say a word (Final)
Him and a Boy Named Jamesy.
I'm so scared of the water’s edge
I animated a horror story from Reddit!!
Netflix Just Bought the Rights to an r/Nosleep Horror Story
Are YOU Afraid of the Dark?
Please help
I got a job as a security guard at a remote shopping mall. These rules are easier said than done (Part 2)
2 Girls 1 Cup Ruined My Life...
My psychiatrist is a bit unorthodox [Part 3]
The Blank Void
Chronicles of lockdown - I
An Introduction to Paranormal Biology
Nicholas the Supreme
MIASMA
"Are You Ready to Go?"
I’m not ok
Accepting yourself is scarier than you think.
What The Cats Do When We're Not Home
Trapped on the 50th Floor (part 2)
Pokémon blood of marowak
Pokémon blood of marowak (posted this awhile ago in the creepypasta Reddit)
I almost got kidnapped
I almost got kidnapped
i made a short sweet post apocalyptic one.
Smile
Trapped on the 50th Floor (part 2)
My boyfriend friend tried to kidnap me
Why does manhandling arouse me?
Credence [Pt. 2]
I got a job at a stockyard, and my first drive down was.. interesting. (pt 1)
Looking for a Female Horror Narrator
Can anyone help me identify this piece of graffiti? I found it outside my apartment and now I think something is watching me.
I’m a doctor who specializes in strange medical cases. This one is my strangest yet.
My parents bought me a spot at Clear Minds, and whether I want to or not, I'll be receiving their wonder drug.
I still see you
I saw something in the corn
The Descent
I Made A Deal With An Old Man In A Food Court Bathroom (Pt. 1)
If You've Seen This Face I'm So Sorry
At The End of Every Show, They Set a Ballerina On Fire (Part Three)
I don't believe in ghosts but this experience was creepy.
Not sure if this is the right place for this but here’s a short horror/comedy film I made
Where exactly is Aleister, Maine? (Part 5)
The scariest thing that's ever happened to me.
The Puppeteering Parasite
Please help me find a story
Every three months my daughter and I have to move. I think it might be time to tell her why. Chapter 3
The Dhampir
(Part 4) My great-aunt left me a note of rules and warnings. “Thomas” isn’t harmless anymore.
Sheela
i found out how canned laughter is made.
i figured out how they recorded the laughter on laugh tracks.
Standing at the edge
I saw orange eyes
Lost, soon to be foundStanding at the edge
[Part 2] The Three Divine Messages
The lonely hiking trip. (Part 1)
Eloise: Part 1
I’m a hunter and I didn’t follow the rules of hunting on a ancient Indian burial ground
Eloise (Pt. I)
I’m a dentist for monsters and last night I took on a new patient.
Every Copy of Mario 64 is Personalized
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
We found a half-submerged animatronic, dumped in a local pond. My friend thinks it’s alive. (Part 6)
The coach I was on broke down in the countryside.
I inherited a Wild West model town. We drink away our sorrows.
I'm Sorry
Bad actress
The shepherd
The shepherd
If you're counting sheep to help you sleep, don't look them in the eye...
Our house used to have a ghost
The woman in the window seat.
I met a woman on my train journey and now I only have six hours to save her life.
The Stormy Mountain Recluse: Interviews with a Specter
Ashed Away
The Ancient Book and its Incantation
Fringe Part Two: /Shift/
Ashed Away
Footsteps in the apartment above mine.
Saltwater [Part 2]
Siri was malfunctioning, girlfriend got scared
Unforgivable Sin
Rats, I got called into work on a Saturday for an emergency - clocking out [Final]
Dreams
Eyeless Bobby
Eyeless Bobby
She Follows Me
Something took my sister and she is never coming back. It’s all my fault.
The Farm House Basement
I've been selling my things online for nearly a year, and occasionally I get a really creepy customer.
I've been selling my things online for a few months, and occasionally I get a really creepy customer.
Boxer’s Blues
Sirens going off... It’s not a drill
The Maze [Part One]
Fringe
I Can't Clean This Stain
Camping
My mothers' name was Kiki - Part 1
Shadow Man
I never inherited a haunted house, yet I've never escaped my haunted mind
Shadow Man
I Don’t Know Who is Behind Me but They Won’t Leave
NoSleep Interview with HerCreation!
My boyfriend died a couple years ago and I can't get over him.
My client is not acting like herself and won’t say a word (Part 3)
I found this set of rules on Reddit a week ago and if I didn’t, I think I would have died.
I found this set of rules on Reddit a week ago and I think if I didn’t, I think I would have died.
The Witches
I don't know what's real anymore.
It's For the Greater Good
I got a job as a security guard at a remote shopping mall. I found a strange set of rules in the employee manual
Never meditate unsupervised, you'd never know where you'd go.
My friend started Judgement Day and I did nothing to stop him
I am a horror narrator and something terrifying is happening
Sarah and Peter
Don't accept anything for free on Craigslist (Part 1)
I saw something in the corn
There's this urban legend about the dragonfly
Sick shit in Saudi Arabia , Never felt more threatened .
The Lake Keeps Dragging People Into It
Playground
Knock first
My psychiatrist is a bit unorthodox [Part 2]
You won't believe the animals on this list
Ruminations at the End of Time
They called it the Witch House
A stuffed animal saved my life. You heard me.
Prison Stabbing
The Wasteland Grates
I was a lead scientist at Aspect Labs, Wuhan China, what escaped wasn't just Covid 19
Batesian Mimicry
The Deep Calls To Me, But I Can No Longer Answer
The Confusing Halloween
Trapped on the 50th floor
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I was a leading scientist at Aspect Labs, Wuhan China, what escaped wasn't just Covid 19.
4/1/2020 6:30AM:It's supposed to be my birthday but somethings happened
floating stuff in my house
I am no hero
Never exchange shirts.
Squatter
I'm recovering from a car crash, and some things just don't make sense.
My dog came back after fifteen years and I wish she hadn't
The King Has Arrived
The Neighborhood from Hell
T
I'm recovering from a car crash, and some thing don't make sense.
Hell Hounds of Hamm
Night Breezes
Today I Found Out My Son is A Murderer
Overnight camping: Forest is back
The Anus
My experiences solo hiking in central Michigan forests - The mime on south bend trailsMy town is a cult
A fire by the Lake
The Infinite Toys R Us
The Spine Crawler (part 2)
The Fairy Door
A Game You Can Never Win
notebook
I had the house all to myself last weekend...only...I was NOT alone.
At The End of Every Show, They Set A Ballerina On Fire (Part Two)
Where’d You Go, Mary Jo?
A Game You Can Never Win
I regret taking the coach.
To be loved and not to love
I matched with a girl on a dating app. I shouldn't have swiped right.
[Pt1] We tour the country playing the devil's music. Last night he finally showed up.
Worms
[Pt1] We tour the country playing the devil's music. Last week he finally showed up.
Murder House (part 1)
[Series] We tour the country playing the devil's music. Last week he finally showed up.
Hahaha
Murder House [Part I]
Don’t let the bed bugs bite
The amber alert
I didn't want to write this.
Every three months my daughter and I have to move. I think it might be time to tell her why. Chapter 2
My grandmother warned me about painting my nails red. I didn’t listen and now I have to pay the price. Final.
[Part 1] 5th of June 2007
Watch For Deer
The Sky is Quite Hungry
I’m a park ranger and I think something is snatching up campers and hikers in the Smokey mountains
We found a half-submerged animatronic, dumped in a local pond. My friend thinks it’s alive. (Part 5)
If I’m Going Out, It Ain’t Gonna Be Here... (Part One)
The itch.
I’m an actor at a Wild West model town. We tracked down the banker.
THE 'TALL MAN'
The Lady in the window
Woman Murdered By Child Rapists
It was an odd law school internship. If you've ever moved in to a new apartment, or taken up a new job, or bought something weird online and been greeted by a strange set of frightening "rules" you should thank me for my handy work. But this was my worst case.
Adrift
My grandma died and passed down her cabin to my brother and me. I've run of options, and I've taken the final dose of the serum. I'm changing into something horrible.
I bought a strange doorbell camera online
The Obsidian Cat
I’m a Medic in a Weird Hospital: Update
Tinder Date 🔥
I'f I'm Going Out, It Ain't Gonna Be Here...
The show.
Tinder Date 🔥
Letter From The Tortured Place
Stuck in the sky.
Well and Fair
The Hand in Mine
There's A Corpse In My Bed
The demon who wont leave me alone
Rats, I got called into work on a Saturday for an emergency - overtime [Part 2]
My fiancé’s parents house is haunted
I won a cursed lottery
Some things are better left to nightmares
Some things are better left to nightmares
Don't Be Rude
Something's been following me on my way to school.
Get the solution
It.
This chatbot took over my life.
The Man in Black is standing by my bed again.
The Cabin in the Pines
Interview log frome incident 5-6
The Monkey at my window
Confessions from a Transhumanist
If I’m Going Out, It Ain’t Gonna Be Here...(Part One)
!ƚʜǫinoƚ ɿoɿɿim ɘʜƚ ni ʞool ƚ'noᗡ
Don't be ridiculous. You're not really sick.
My new psychiatrist is a bit unorthodox [Part 1]
Hallucinogenic
Andy just wants to play
I shouldn’t have returned to Camp Grass-Heights. Now, I’m too afraid to sleep. [Part 1]
Remember who you are...
Session 25
Letters From The Tortured Place
The Singing Woods
"I'm Coming"
The Entities game
Hallucinogenic
Ghost of tsushima walkthrough gameplay party 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 108...
The Midnight Visitor
Where the Lightning Dances to the West
Housesitting at a Friend's Place...Turned into a Nightmare
Keys wallet passport clothes2
Don't Do It
Two sentence horror story
The House of Windows
Confessions from a Transhumanist
What The Hell Happened To Jackson Green...?
The Figure in the Fields [Part 1]
My father's teleportation machine
My boss is trying to get me to come in during a zombie apocalypse
The Outsiders: The Price You Pay. Part Two.
My client is not acting like herself and won’t say a word (Part 2)
Something took my sister and she is never coming back.
My client is not acting like herself and won’t say a word [Part 2/Update]
I FOUND A REAL GENIE AND NOW IM CURSEDAt The End of Every Show, They Set A Ballerina On Fire (Part One)
Didnt't heard a advice, now I'm about to die.
Does anyone remember a TV channel called ‘Beneath the Static’? (Part 5)
My brother was scared of his room and Now I see why.
The Mark
The Cannibal In The Dark
Trying For Another Baby
Do you know anything about the shadow people?
it's all real...
It eats your spine
The Rig (pt 1)
BLINK
Behind you
Every three months my daughter and I have to move. I think it might be time to tell her why. Chapter 1
Please help me
I'm terrified to die in my sleep.
Voice Outside My House
If your awake search up this
Voice Outside My House [True Story]
Please help me
Lilith, where did you go? Come back, please, I miss you.
The Entity In My Home Saved My Life
Final Showing
Going into an abandoned mansion turns out to be the worst thing to do
I inherited a Wild West model town. The showdown is over.
I’ve done something terrible
A sPoOoOoOpY story (true story)
We brought a talking rose home. (Part 2)
Alright, so my flatmate is a serial killer, and we're in a bit of a predicament
Overnight camping: week 6
Capgras delusion.. can make you to doubt every one in your life.
If You See Mr. Longlegs RUN FAST AND NEVER LOOK BACK
Leaves (Part 3)
Always Waiting
Today's the Day
Braids
Our Experience with Shadow People
The "Monster" In The Woods
Devil In A New Dress
Different Fathers....Not a true story but a true story here..
Woman Seeking Other Lilac Suite Survivors
FAKE NEWS
Solace in the darkness.
This document from The Vatican Secret Archive reveals the true horrors that occurred during the Spanish Inquisition. (part 3)
insects are aliens from hell, and I befriended them
If you hear it, please run, I'm sorry I left the door open
What is a story?
Sleepless nights
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Why the Dead Don't Come back
I Keep Having These Recurring Nightmares About Public Restrooms
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Two hollow eyes follow me in the dark
Credence [Pt. 2]
It eats your spine
My Childhood Visions
The summoned
The Tall Man
The summoned
I should have stayed away from the creepy kids in high school
Something Found Me (Part 2)
" I'm Coming "
Have You Ever Felt You Were Being Watched?
My Disturbing Dreams
I'm a Sherriff's Deputy in Bull's Heart Texas.
See No Evil
I can feel it when someone dies
The Midnight visitor
There is a shadow.
I don't go out for late-night walks anymore. This is why
Siren
My friend told me something I can’t get over
I just wish they'd stop screaming
The Places in the Philippines You Should Never Travel To
Rats, I got called into work on a Saturday for an emergency
I talked with my old friend only to know that he was already dead
I Took a Picture of a Ghost Wedding in a Vineyard
Serva me
I didn't believe the pigman was real, then he claimed another victim.
Back for the family
Strange stuff going on in my room
Credence [Pt. 2]
A strange man just appeared in my house. And I just had to kill my best friend.. ( Part 3)
Sometimes They're Hallucinations, Sometimes They're Not
Should I Go Back to Campus?
Don’t let the bed bugs bite
Your Garmin watch hasn't connected since yesterday morning. You don't want to know why.
They stand in the doorway but never enter.
I’m a park ranger and strange things happen on the Appalachian trails
My client is not acting like herself and won’t say a word
I Bought a Cabin in The UP
Bone Chilling NH Camping Story
I'm On The Run (Part 1)
Humanity is at the whim of an alien menace
Bone Chilling NH Camping Story
I don't know what is happening in my house
I woke up in a strange place with no memory of how I arrived there or who I was. Then, they came.
Bone Chilling New Hampshire Camping True Story
Luna is watching
The fate of the Seedling [part 1]I don't know what is happening in my house
Luna is watching
My Scary Adventure Part I
Luna is watching
We found a half-submerged animatronic, dumped in a local pond. My friend thinks it’s alive. (Part 4)
Ancestry Website
Infinite cum
Uncle Teddy and Cora: The Dollhouse. Part 1 of 2.
Shadows
My CRAZY experience at Devil’s Gate Dam.
A Friend
My Daughter’s Mermaid Party (prologue):
My Daughter’s Mermaid Party (part 2):
Almost Time for Dinner
I’m an actor at a Wild West model town. Standoff at the ranch.
A Casual Encounter
Three Days, Thirty Years Ago (Part Five) FINAL
Can you help me?
I’m a Medic in a Weird Hospital: My First Night
humans were born to fight
Pretty Isn't A Crime
My Uncle Saw A Shadow Man and No One Believed Him
Unexpected Guest.
Faster than the speed of love
This is just a house
My Grandfather died from Covid two weeks ago, but he still refuses to believe that it isn't a hoax
Some people are so utterly dissatisfied with themselves that they'll go to monstrous lengths to become something more.
My boyfriend joked that he wanted us to be stuck together like glue. He wasn't joking
My Brother Died. But the coffin is open.
Unregistered Hypercam
Organ Donor
They Never Stop Laughing
I just inherited a haunted house. Hey, no house is perfect, so there’s nothing to stop a happy ending. Right?
The Chapel at West-More Lake
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I work in an icecream van and my company left me some disturbing rules...
Why the Dead Don't Come Back
Whiskey Hunt
The Uncrowned Earth
Bdbdvc
https://giphy.com/gifs/RobertEBlackmon-reality-tv-dirt-robert-e-blackmon-IbBq9Xn0qe9VUYsiEx
https://media3.giphy.com/media/IbBq9Xn0qe9VUYsiEx/giphy.gif
Bzx
Credence [Pt. 1]
Always alone but never alone
We buried the only key with my sister. Now her old room is locked from the inside.
There has been a disturbance in the force....
Camera Girl: My Confession
While out hunting in the mountains, I was attacked by a deranged man.
If you're seeing this, it's meant only for you.
We discovered immortality, but something went wrong (part 3)
I Think Something Is Haunting My Dreams
The Kindness of Strangers
My Daughter Made a Friend in the Trees, and It Hated Me
I Make Italian Food For What I Suspect Is A Demon (Part One)
Seek and Hide
The Hunted (Part 2)
The Hunted (Entries 5-8)
The missing children in the woods mentioned in 1908 book. (Transactions of the Asiatic Society of Japan)
The Pink Bunny
The man in the straw hat in the park that existed only in my mind
Tink tink tink
My battalion has been sent on a mission but we don't know what for (Part 1)
I heard a knocking at my door late at night. I live in the woods
I Saw Something at Summer Camp I Wasn’t Supposed to See
The man on my porch
"The game show 2"
The Dauber and the Door
Crooked Rock Park
I Discovered Something At Crooked Rock Park
I can’t explain what I saw on the trail one summer evening
A Girl and her Marble Eyes
I Discovered Something At Crooked Rock Park
I Make Italian Food For What I Suspect Is A Demon (Part One)
I was afraid of the thunderstorm last night, my dog was afraid of something else.
The Girl Next Door
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
have you heard pf the mirror effect?
The Baby I Was Going to Name Jacob
I had this fear. Today, all hell broke loose. (3)
The National Parks Aren't Just There to Preserve Nature - Mammoth Caves
A Silly Ending
Woman in White Dress (True Ghost Story)
House of Dolls
I am not sure if I am a crazy old man getting carried away, or if I really need your help Part 2
"Stuck" adarngoodread original
The Eternal Neighborhood
How to Survive Camping: the power of ritual
The eternal neighborhood
My Imaginary Friend Came Back 15 Years Later. My Research Is Going Nowhere
The Third Floor
I need help
The powers of time and space isn’t fun to have./My Alternate Fate
1846 - Part 1
I found my old disposable camera. There are photos on it I don’t remember taking
There's big money in homicide
The Door and the Dauber
I found a crashed satellite's black-box system and I don't know what to do with the contents
We found a half-submerged animatronic, dumped in a local pond. My friend thinks it’s alive. (Part 3)
528 Hz is the Miracle Tone. They've separated the negative frequency and called it 'Dread'. I'm the first human to have ever listened to it. ( Part 1 )I woke up to my girlfriend acting very weird
I've had an odd week
Haunted Theatre: A Documented Case
Grandmothers treasure
Medical School
I've learned the importance of following rules. It's time others do too. Final
Sometimes the lurker starts appearing.
A Fountain in Central Park
I inherited a Wild West model town. Today we learned about its dark secrets.
I don't panic for any reason when it comes to spyexpert0@gmail.com because am very sure of results........
Three Days, Thirty Years Ago (Part Four)
My first short horror story, "A patient." Enjoy! :)
We were always told to stay away from the Manson House
Over the River and Through the Woods
Ở đâu bán rèm cửa đẹp Bắc Ninh Chất Lượng - Rèm Thêu
I learned following the rules is important. It's about time others did too
The Strange Tales of the Nine Dragons River
Very very very horrifying
My friend from discord lived the worst life. She is only 15 still
My friend and I like to pretend to fight off monsters but little did we know that a real one was lurking nearby
SUPER horrible life story that really happened to my online friend. I warn you, it is disturbing to read or know about
Being a professional mourner is dangerous work. I see window corpses and they terrify me. [Pt.2]
My family moved to a new house. I've found a book that I think will save their lives. (3)
(True story) of the worst life someone i know lives
The Eyeberry Bush
(True story) of the worst life ever
Do you know what it feels like to be a corpse?
This document from the Vatican Secret Archive reveals the true horrors that occurred during the Spanish Inquisition. (part 3)
This document from the Vatican Secret Archive reveals the true horrors that occurred during the Spanish Inquisition. (part 3)
This document from the Vatican Secret Archive reveals the true horrors that occurred during the Spanish Inquisition. (part 3)
Blueberry Pancakes
The Strange Tales of the Nine Dragons River
Alone
Ohio Midnight
Not Fan Theory Material Explanations
I went into the woodstodaywoods today
I just inherited a haunted house. I think it’s time to lay down my own rules.
Accidentally Opening a Portal to Another Dimension in my Suburban Bedroom.
ABDEF
Mr.Waffles
We stumbled upon a serial killer while camping..
Wedding Day Jitters
Classic No Sleep
A strange entity has decided to completely change my life...whether I want it or not.
The shadow people are real and my organization is the only thing stopping them
Diablo
The Senses Awakened
Beach House Horror
My client is acting different and won’t say a word
The human race has messed up, but this is the last time
The Gargoyle of West Englewood
Hello
Johnny Test's Gruesome Death: part 1
The Oracle of Being
The little voices are so alarming.
My son has no mouth and yet he must be destroyed [Final]
We brought a talking rose home. (Part 1)
Dogs see shadow person
To Whom This May Concern
The Eyeberry Bush
Crazy Florida Woman
The shadow people are real and my organization is the only thing stopping them
The shadow people are real, and my organization is the only thing stopping them
The shadow people are real, and my organization is the only thing stopping them
The Maniac-Classified
(Part 2) Hi, I'm Lizzy Culligan, and I'm Stuck at an Evil Summer Camp.
The faucet
I committed suicide and was later resuscitated.
The National Parks Aren't Just There to Preserve Nature - Mammoth Cave
Hill's Bed and Breakfast
A House in the Deep, Dark Woods
I always get a head start
I thought my girlfriend was pranking me, the truth was much worse.
Tales from the Watch Tower. Part 1.
idk wot to call this story i recently wrote but ye here is PART 1
Keys wallet passport clothes
Keys wallet passport clothes
um idk what to call this, i wrote this recently
Just look at my eyes
A Perspective from God
I’m staying at a resort for people who are taking time off their medication. I’m noticing some strange things going on – The Final Part
There is a voice calling for me every night, it's slowly getting closer
How to Survive Camping: ways to break a curse
I'm teaching my son to hunt
Cousins Cabin
Splinters
Pt1 Dark Night
My Husband's Keeper
My Grandma told me her disturbing secret 2 years ago, it still haunts me to this day
A Single Headlight
I have flashback dreams that aren’t mine - The Woman in the Woods
My Husband's Keeper
The Keeper
One Night Stand
Mimic
I downloaded an app in 2017 before it was removed from the app store. It changed my life.
The Maniac
The Hungry Thing on the Tracks
My grandmother warned me about painting my nails red. I didn't listen and now I have to pay the price. Pt.2
The Stairs In The WoodMy nightmares about a place in my dreams that keeps popping up.
My time as a counsellor at Camp Amberwood
My time as a counsellor for Camp Amberwood (I.)
Never hope you end up in section Washington 13 at camp Yaugoouh
Last Stop
I'm sorry, but the following product is no longer available due to the fact that it has already been purchased. Please check out the rest of my stock for other options. I hope you find what you're looking for. Thank you!
Strange caller
I'm not where I'm supposed to be
We found a half-submerged animatronic, dumped in a local pond. My friend thinks it’s alive. (Part 2)
The voice in my head claims it’s real. And I believe it.
Historia de terror Real
It’s been officially one year since I lost? my daughter. I need to say something.
My Husband's Smile
The Rats
I have Insomnia so I summoned The Sandman to help me sleep.
Does anyone else wake up from sounds not there?
The object Nana left me when she died wasn’t meant to be a gift.
I’m a new actor at a Wild West model town. We went deeper into the mines.
Spirit Hunting/Randonauting live stream this Sunday at 4:00pm till around 12:00pm
Unknown Driver
Glinting Asterism
The Rules of the Judgement Tree
Faerie Song
I think something in my dreams is trying to kill me, and now I'm too scared to sleep.
Why I’ll never feel at ease in the Lake District ever again
Being a professional mourner makes me hate my life. I see window corpses and they terrify me.
I'm a hitman. I got a contract multiple times on the same guy because he kept coming back. Final
Diaries- TW Rape, violence, death
Full bodied what?
Something was Unearthed at the Community Gardens
Superstition
I just inherited a haunted house, then I gave it away
In Search of the Many-Legged God
"A Ride from a Stranger"
7 years ago my family moved to a town called Mooreville. I've been trying to leave for the last 6.
The Window
Your courier will be arriving soon.
The house with cold walls
Working From Home
I keep hearing beeps outside my window
Strange...
The Mask Seeker
I went into the woods today.
I went into the woods today.
The Mask Seeker
the war story of my past life
My House is Strange: The Garden
Faerie Song
Folk Song
I Hunt Reverse Vampires: When I was Ten
I Hunt Reverse Vampires: When I was Ten
I've been listening in through Siri to a cult leader [Final]
Cupid's Ring (Part 1)
Look at me
LOG TRANSMISSION - COLDWELL BUNKER
LOG TRANSMISSION - COLDWELL BUNKER
Riverdale
A strange man appeared in my house yesterday. I'm not even sure God can help me now.
PLEASE LOOK AT IT
The Building That Kept Changing
Bag of Bones
Something Happened to My Dog
The Darkness Within
The Building That Kept Changing
Creatures
I met John Denver 13 years after he passed.
I let my mom count to zero
The Building That Kept Changing
Krampus
I am a soldier at the Site Omega military base. The rules are weird and terrifying. [FINALE]: O, sweet death.
There’s something in the woods behind our house (part 2)
Don't Look Away.
There’s something in the woods behind our house (part II)
I thought there was a weasel in the backyard
The room service woman will try to seduce you, don’t fall for it.
I've learned the importance of following rules.
Tales of a lonely security guard part 10: The toilet incident
15. My Kid Summoned a Demon: The Wedding.
I accidentally disturbed a ritual. I think I'm in danger.
A drug from outer space
The rules to surviving Night Shift Maccas
I need help finding a website from when I was a kid, maybe you can help!
Muffins Come Home
Home by Robert Herr
I may have lost my sight, but I can still see.
My Shitty Job as a Cashier (2)
The Creature in My Back Seat
A message from another planet...
Taco Bell horror
A message from another planet...
I was a janitor at Beaut-i, and it haunts my dreams
Taco Bell horror
He Has Beckoned to Us
Hello - I am very new to this and am looking for feedback on how I can improve. Thank you
I had laser eye surgery last week, now I wish I hadn't.
My uncle and I found something impossible in the woods
Feeling like a Felon
The scarier stories are the true ones right?
The Pillar and the Dog
I keep hearing guitar sounds in the middle of the nightThe Beast/ La Bestia
Fall Asleep Once, Wake Up Twice
Ive been hearing guitar sounds during the night
Float.
Mr.Blackberry
I've seen hell.
Anita Lee's Diary (3)
We found a half-submerged animatronic, dumped in a local pond. My friend thinks it’s alive.
My Baby Started Laughing in The Middle of the Cemetery
I work at a bakery with kind of strange clientele
EZ-Industries Log Repository
Hobos keep showing up at my workplace and asking for one of the supervisors here. Now I know why
William Anthony Adams III
The Demons In The Woods
My last breaths.
There's a figure outside my house
The green man
My House is Strange: The Garden
I interviewed the survivors of a mass suicide. My last broadcast will never air. [Part 4]
There's something in the woods behind our house [part II]
I went into the woods today.
It Waits Behind Me
Ive been stuck in the movie theater watching Rango for the past 10 years.
Empty Shell
I inherited a Wild West model town. We faced the undertaker.
I played a Snapchat ritual and travelled to a hidden dimension. Video included.
Ghoul in Building 301
I Dressed as a Priest Once
A Short Voyage
Poof.
My friend is a movie star. She did me a favor, but I fear it's ruined my life.
The bug creatures, the things- they attacked us in our own home. I don't know how to kill them.
I have a 6 figure job you don't even know exists.
ever since i learned morse code the rain was no longer relaxing
Betty
My Evil Storyteller
Does anyone know how to stop a nosebleed?
The Chronicles of the Graveyard Management Team - I got drunk and yelled at a Banshee
If you see a building called "Night and Fire", do not enter.
20 days of teeth
I began as a teratoma tumor, and now I'm a human. Well, I think I am.
What I Saw, Saw Me
The glint of light within the dark.
House Fires: Part 2
My brother used to make up monsters to scare me as a child. I won't forget the Huggy Monster.
I turned into yandere Dev
can we post more actual horror stories.
Today will be a good day.
BAG OF BONES
Camt aleep
Does anyone remember a TV channel called ‘Beneath the Static’? (Part 4)
I just inherited a haunted house. Today, shit finally hit the fan.
Does anyone know how to get to East Woder Drive?
I'm fourteen and my family has a stalker. (true)(ongoing)
Someone is watching me em gnihctaw si enoemos
SomeonesSomeone's watchingSomeone's watching me
A night with an alien
Im laying in bed rn its 4:06am and I feel someone staring at me from behind me my bedroom door is locked tho....
Some things are better left unseen
I always look up when I go to the bathroom
NVG.DATA.17.02.2009.MOV
I don't look up when going to the bathroom
NVGDATA.2009.17.4.MOV
Last Night Wasn’t a Typical Walk
A Dream Of Sadness And Pain
Control
Something Is Going On In the Warrens
He
Strange things have been happening to me and I need to find answers
The flowers that change colors
Something keeps screaming outside my window.
A Nightly Jog
The gates of hell are in Arkansas
Twelve Billion Ghosts
fyi this is not real
remote neural monitoring
'I' doesn't refer to me here, this is a comment on instagram by @motionless.in.miw. I just made a few edits and its supposedly true...
"I" doesn't refer to me here, i saw this in a comment on instagram and made a few edits. It's supposedly true...
My Aunt was involved in something sinister
Clarity, and Other Things Beyond Peter's Reach
BAG OF BONES
BAG OF BONES
The Field of Masks
BAG OF BONES
This document from The Vatican Secret Archive reveals the true horrors that occurred during the Spanish Inquisition. (part 2)
My aunt left me some strange notebooks
Random video?? (Part 1)
My House is Strange
My Imaginary Friend Came Back 15 Years Later. I Really Wish He Hadn't.
man door hand car hook door
The brotherly bond
sam
My Dad MURDERED somebody...and I WATCHED IT HAPPEN. A repressed memory from when I was 6.
Help
Clarity, and Other Things Beyond Peter's Reach (1/3)
I am a soldier at the Site Omega military base. The rules are weird and terrifying. [Pt 5]: Omega Black.
My dog is immortal, and the connection we share is a hell I wouldn't wish on anyone
My best friend drowned in an 'empty' water tank...I saw his ghost today (FINALE)
I’m on a train. I keep seeing the same man at every stop
Her voice led me to my demise. (part 1)I'm beginning to understand his sick mind
I keep dreaming about a door that shouldn’t exist, and now I’m afraid to fall asleep
The Riders
The Wind
Have You Heard About The Haunted Chrome Dino Game?
Ingested
My sister Laura had hazel eyes
I used to be skeptical but now I believe.
The Darkness Within
The Happiest Place Stole My Little Brother (Part 3) (FINAL)
The Happiest Place Stole My Little Brother (Part 3: FINAL)
A December To Remember
This town has a secret and it comes with room service.
There's something in the woods behind our house
Betty
Betty
My grandmother warned me about painting my nails red. I didn't listen and now I have to pay the price.
It's watching me
The Monopoly Board
I Sold The Most Infamous House in My Hometown To A Family That Just Moved In.
I was part of an Island exploration team in the Indian Ocean...I was the only survivor PART 8
The Monopoly Board
It came from the lake.
The honorable Gustav Badin and the unchristian troll - by Staffan Marklund and Henry R. Enos. [Part 2}
The honorable Gustav Badin and the unchristian troll - by Staffan Marklund and Henry R. Enos. [Part 1]
There are people who will live forever at the expense of your lives.
The Monopoly Board
The Darkness Within
There's this boy in the woods who is always talking to this tree.. (Part 2, The Dream)
Tales of a lonely security guard part 9:The missing tenants
The Darkness Within
The thing next to me is not my brother
I think I almost got kidnapped
The day my meat started to beat... It self
My Friend Went Into Get Something In The Storage Closet, She is a Different Person Now (Part 1)
Bride with the bloodstained dress
The day my meat started to beat it self.
I never had trouble sleeping, until my dad started to visit me at night.
Until recently I never had trouble sleeping, but the last few nights, my dad came to visit me.
My best dreams are my worst nightmares
Insane Ink Part 1
My best dreams are my worst nightmares
I thought my girlfriend was dead. But then this happened.
I met John Denver about 13 years after he passed
I received an email I really wasn’t supposed to receive...
Do you want to get free games and prizes in your free time? Visit this page https://gamehag.com/a/2381 and get gems that you can exchange for prizes. You can earn gems by playing games or watching ads.
Do you want to get free games and prizes in your free time? Visit this page https://gamehag.com/a/2381 and get gems that you can exchange for prizes. You can earn gems by playing games or watching ads.
Do you want to get free games and prizes in your free time? Visit this page https://gamehag.com/a/2381 and get gems that you can exchange for prizes. You can earn gems by playing games or watching ads.
Claire’s basement
My grandfather went looking for new species in the Mariana Trench. He came back a different man.
I Have Seen the Hole in the Universe
Till death do us apart, honey
A Family Matter
The woods
Lost: A Backrooms Story
I’m a new actor for a Wild West model town. The truth about some of the visitors.
A Family Matter [NSFW]
Do you want to get free games and prizes in your free time?
After I picked up the phone, I realised I never heard it ring
My inheritance demon
Three Days, Thirty Years Ago (Part Three)
Fred's Affordable Services
Step and Shiver
My son saw the waxy man outside his window, then he went missing.
My turn.
Good Morning, Sunshine
My theory on disc 11
The woods
I'm pretty sure my parents' new church is a cult..
I just inherited a haunted house. Today, I started asking questions about why I inherited a haunted house, which I really should have done from Day One.
I’m quarantined inside a locked down tower. But what people have in here isn’t COVID-19. We call them, mouthborn...
My mum story
A Spider Stole My Wife
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Something implanted dreams in my head. Now my colleagues are dead.
This the story my mum told me
Dont know if this counts as creepy but something was watching us
My family moved to a new house. I've found a book that I think will save their lives. (2)
My family moved to a new house. I've found a book that I think will save their lives. (2)
my new neighbors are in danger pt. 2
The Bewitching Tree
An uncontrollable craving
Relax, I am not a killer
If someone in your neighborhood died alone in their house, how long do you think it would be before you or one of your neighbors discovered it?
Go check out CURIOUS RAVEN ON YOUTUBE. CREEPYPASTA
I've been listening in through Siri and I joined a cult [Part 3]
If someone in your neighborhood died alone in their house, how long do you think it would be before you or one of your neighbors discovered it?
The Black Forest Kills
In the company of crickets
Valentina
The Pill
Ingested
This document from the Vatican Secret Archive reveals the true horrors that occurred during the Spanish Inquisition.
Cry baby
I got an arranged marriage. Now I'm running for my life.
A Series of Strange Occurrences (Part 1)
I Tried Helping My Mother Grieve
Did Anyone Else See These Videos?
The Water is Cold
Sirius (Part 1 of 2)Never Go Into Moonsville Woods at Night.
The Thing In The Old House
Please don't ever look at the silent man
It’s hard to find a decent pair of shoes these days
The rules to surviving Nigh Shift Maccas.
Don't antagonize the thing in the wall
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The Spine Crawler
A true story from my mom and dad
True story about the hooded graveyard.
I reach out to individual both low and high income earners enlighten them on the benefit of investing into bitcoin mining with the so aim of meeting their financial needs. For it's a Lucrative Investment with good profit in Return Text me if Intinterested
Oppenheimer’s Revenge: Explanation + Chapter 1-3
Your Guide to Interdimensional Travel
The woods
I'm a police officer, and my last call was definitely my worst
Tom's Eats
Hair Care routine for the modern woman
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
A Trip On The Train
I was sent to a summer camp, or that's what I thought... (PART 7)
Sugarfingers: Chapter 1
Please, Drop Your Hat
Sugarfingers: Chapter 1
My reflection was stolen
Antlers
The Rumors From my Previous School Have Some Truth to Them.
Stories of the Straits
The Happiest Place Stole My Little Brother (Part 2)
I’m camping with a group of friends, for the first time, in the forest... The girl who left to get firewood is not the same girl who came back. (Part 6) (FINAL)
NAME: Polly MacKinnon / DATE: 07-19-20 / LOCATION: Lander 113
Haze
Just Unlucky
I have escaped the village where people scream at the setting sun (FINALE)
Mom's Been Acting Strange - Part III
I found my daughters journal after she killed herself, and yet she seems to still be writing. Here it is
This Mirror is giving off weird vibes
Hey guys here is,''Ingest,'' enjoy it with the lights on!
The screaming won’t stop
Ingest
When I was younger, my parents gifted my sister a piano. Little did we know that it was cursed.
It's time to wake up
Tom's Eats
32 Fridges
the follower
Till death do us apart
I still have nightmares of a substitute teacher from Fifth Grade
Till death do us apart
I was starting to enjoy the sunset, then it got really bright.
Rise of Hellion: ch 1, Killing Alexi
I don't remember how I died. All I need is my computer password. [Pt.3] FINAL
I came across an underground version of 'The Office'... And it's gonna cost me my life
Arlo, Box, and Whispers pt 1
Rule #1: Never Go Into Moonsville Woods at Night.
Forgive me for I must leave.
The Visit
In the Closet
Borrasca podcast
Substation 9
The Mushroomhead
The engineer
Pt1: Dark night
The cat
My cross is not yours to bear.
I inherited a Wild West model town. A visit at the doctor's.
The local
The Mickey Mouse boy
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The rules to Surviving Night Shift Maccas
Big Cousin
They're not being arrested. They're being turned.
My resentful family
The man behind the blinds
The Black Forest Kills
A documentary on the local mental health institution
I took a job as Doctor Wong’s assistant and he had 6 weird rules (Part 3)
I was messaging a dead boy
Bagels
First attempt at dark humored fails compilations on Youtube. Criticism would be nice~
I’m quarantined inside a locked down tower. But what people have in here isn’t COVID-19...
Clockworks and Milk Lines
The lady with the heels.
The best sex, made effortless.
Between Life and—
Please stare at the smiling men, you won't regret it
My family moved to a new house. I've found a book that I think will save their lives.
dream dream dream.exe
After My grand father died he did the most unexpected thing..
You be gay
You be gay
You be gay
You be gay
You be gay
You be gay
You be gay
You be gay
You be gay
You be gay
You be gay
You be gay
You be gayYou be gay
You be gay
You be gay
You be gay
You be gay
You be gay
You be gay
Imaginary Alice
The other four
INSIDE
my new neighbors are in danger
"Mommy, there's a monster in the mirror."
babysitting job from hell
I Became An Exorcist's Apprentice
No Sleep
Three Days, Thirty Years Ago (Part Two)
There's this boy in the woods who is always talking to this tree.. (Part 1)
I Shouldn't Have Played The Elevator Game. Now I'm Trapped Here (Part 2
Sirius
Cleanup Protocol
Three Days, Thirty Years Ago (Part Three)
....
Sky Turtle Tours, ch 8
I come from a reality where the Soviets occupied America, but the Russians and Chinese of your time showed us how to............because they're about to do the same. Part 1
A chilling video game
A chilling video game
The God at My Window
If DEATH And His Horsemen, (Conquest, War, Famine) Are not Stereotypical, Who Or What Would They Look Like And Which Weapons Would They Use?
The Face Taker
When I met my real father, and my search for him now
Slenderman Has Returned
Helena
Disembodied Eyes
Her name is Lily. My name is Kat. Pt.2
the diary ps I'm new to writing stories lol
Her name is Lily. My name is Kat. Pt.2
the diary (first post on no sleep and I'm new at stories lol)
babysitting job from hell
Baby sitting job from hell
Trench Man
The Light
All reddit whats the creepiest thing you saw out your window at night?
I Have A Rather Simple Job
Instruction Manual For Comfort And Safety
I've been struggling for a while. Now that I've been caught I don't know what to do?
The Danger of Taking the Red-Eye
My mom has been missing for years. I think I might have found her.
I've been caught out.
Who was in the room with me?
Tales From The Trenches
I’m camping with a group of friends, for the first time, in the forest... The girl who left to get firewood is not the same girl who came back. (Part 5)
Tales From The Trenches
The Happiest Place Stole My Little Brother (Part 1)
Nowhere in the World is Safe
The other four
Don’t get fooled
The other four (part 2 to the murder tape incident)
The other four (part 2 of the murder tape incident)
The other four (part 2 of the murder tape incident)
They're not just arresting people, they're... turning them.
Doppelganger
The law of Ultraland
I hate this body.
The Golf Course isn’t as it Seems
All my life I’ve been able to see code in everything around us... Today, I’m finally going to talk about it...
Bump in the night
I was tasked to fix an ancient system at work and I wish I hadn’t agreed.
Endless sleep
¿Quieres obtener juegos y premios gratis en tu tiempo libre?
Overnight camping: Week 5
If you car ever stops working in a gully with forests RUN
I'm a hitman. I got a contract multiple times on the same guy because he kept coming back. Part 1
The Palisade
Skin House
The Outsiders: The Price You Pay. Part One.
I think my Xbox is Haunted (Part 1)
The inexplicable vanishing of Alex
An unexplained shadow
If you go straight home after a funeral something might follow you inside. I didn't know.
They are 2000 years old. (Part 1)
Bump in the night
I might be a future serial killer
Funny mouth sounds 😂😂😂
Miscarriage
I’m a new actor at a Wild West model town. The saloon is no longer safe.
I don't remember how I died. All I need is my computer password. [Pt.2]
The Eyes Outside
Is anyone playing the 48 game?
Creepy Encounter in Sozopol, Bulgaria
this is a person
If you go straight home after a funeral something might follow you inside. I didn't know.
If you go straight home after a funeral a something might follow you inside. I didn't know this, though
I have proof thatproofreads
Creepy Encounter in Sozopol, Bulgaria
Creepy Encounter in Sozopol, Bulgaria
Creepy Encounter in Sozopol, Bulgaria
Creepy Encounter in Sozopol, Bulgaria
I’m not used to being confined to my house like this; I don’t suppose many of us are. I’ve taken to watching my neighbours to pass the time…I really wish I hadn’t.
My friend lived an interesting life
I fell in a wormhole and time traveled to the future, this is what happened. (PT 1)I woke up...
I’m A Member Of The Company. I’ve Uncovered Something Shocking.
I've been listening in through Siri and decided to track down the address [Part 2]
Listen to the sounds of your own extinction.
There are Painting Trees in my mind.
Awake
there is nothing.
Just a myth
there is nothing.
Sad News About Tamar Braxton
I'm working with the National Park Service, stationed in a remote tower in Alaska. I don't think I have much time left.
Abandoned Mansion Poltergeist??
Abandoned Mansion Poltergeist.
Abandoned Mansion Poltergeist.
The real reason why you shouldn't walk trails at night.
The real reason why you shouldn't walk trails at night.
A strange man just appeared in my house
I Run into the Local Urban Legend: Deer-man, During One of My Investigations [Part 1]
Till death do us apart
Three Days, Thirty Years Ago (Part Two)
Don't Go Randonauting
I thought I had woken up in hell but it was much worse.
The Spider
I thought I had woken up in Paradise but it was much worse.
Crunch
Picture
Always Check the Closets
I found my childhood bully on a dating app. I showed her what a nice guy I turned out to be.
My grandma is dead, but I see her in the garden at midnight.
My best friend always wanted to find a white deer.He still has not
My wife’s been acting weird and I might be in danger.
The Spider
Look at me
My Wife's Going Through Some...Body Changes
The Home Run
I've been listening in through Siri and decided to track down the address [Part 2]
Case File 446-A (Part 2)
My dog keeps staring at something in the garden.
Case File 446-A (ENTRY 2)
Abomination of the Woods
UFO Encounter, Tucson, AZ.
Making Friends Is Hard
Something My Six Year Old Daughter Told Me Has Kept Me Awake for the Last Three Nights- End
The wardrobe.
I work at a Call Center that services the recently deceased. 7/3/2020 -- Part 4
The Wardrobe.
Little Boy Lost.
Something My Six Year Old Daughter Told Me Has Kept Me Awake for the Past Three-End
After I picked up the phone, I realised I never heard it ring
I dreamed I was sleeping
I’m camping with a group of friends, for the first time, in the forest... The girl who left to get firewood is not the same girl who came back. (Part 4)
What would You do, if the Sword hung over You?
Timmy's Town
I have found the journal of a priest in the 1820's. Part 2
Something drew her into the forest
Massive Blue Eyes
I delivered a cake and it was a mistake
A Cake for Piper
We Should Never Have Learnt How To Astral Project
I have this huge fear of rats and strangers and here's why
The Face of Hell
I met the witch who cursed my family
Hag
My dead grandmother came to check on my brother
My dead grandmother came to check on my brother
My dead grandmother came to check on my brother
Me and my friend found an abandoned shed in the woods about a month ago. He has been dead since that time and things keep going downhill. (FINALE)
My Friend's Guestroom is Haunted and we Fon't Know what to do
My town is a cult
Initiation
I Got Plastic Surgery and Now I Have The Face of a Missing Girl (part 2)
Just a myth
Initiation
I spent a week on the ocean floor. I'll never step foot in the sea again.
The Elysian Tapes [Part 2]
The Children of the Library.
My Friend's guest room is haunted and we don't know what to do
The White Dogeater
A VHS tape nearly killed me
this is a person
this is a person
People started missing in my town, I think I am next
It won’t stop raining.
I ignored an emergency alert and paid the price.
an encounter with a supernatural phenomenon
An actual encounter with a supernatural phenomenon.
Open Invitation
The life pods
The Hunt
This may not be too scary but here's a short one about a strange strange experience I had a few days ago.
the follower
The Screaming from the Bog
I inherited a Wild West model town. We caught a train to nowhere.
A creepy experience i just had
I just inherited a haunted house. Turns out, some things are more important than property.
Weird things happened to me last night
Whatever The Shaman Gave Me Finally Stopped The Nightmares
The Hidden Television Channel
There Is a Hidden Television Station
House firesMy Friend’s YouTube Career
Yesterday I Cut the Tree Down
AITA for making a scene during a religious service?
Mr. Twenty-Nine
I need inspiration guyss
Dead ears
It won’t stop raining. Part 2: Hacry
There was a man in my sink
There was a man in my sink
boo boo nigga
I Followed It into the Trees
I live in a third world country and I have too many stories to tell.
Dead-vorce
The backrooms
Two Strange encounters in the desert
She wont leave me alone - Part I
I Know Their Secret
Strange experience in the woods
horror short story based off of urban legend in my town...
I Met A Girl Followed By Bad Luck. I Think I Want To Know More About Her.
I used to work at a haunted house, I’ll never forget my last shift
Freddy Krueger Then, Now and Forever
The Window
Rules of Reality #1: Abandoned Gas Stations.
The Face In The Window
I Love My Sisters
I love my sisters.
Three Days, Thirty Years Ago (Part One)
She always had a tone that made me question her, myself, and even my sanity.
I love my sisters
My basement has rules, and today I broke one. - Final
Rocks in an alleyway
The Far Side of the Moon, 1975.
I worked at a Watchtower, what I saw was terrifying. Part 2
How to Survive Camping: Rule #18 - the frost
She always had a tone that made me question her, myself, and even my sanity.
I found something at the Far Side of the Moon in 1975 (re work of my deleted original post)
Grandma's house had a lot of rules. I just broke some of them.
She always had a tone that made me question her, myself, and even my sanity.
I think there is an entity in my chocolate store
Why I don't play Call of Duty anymore
I have to escape, but I don't know if I ever can
18 years in a Ginger-bread Basement
I think I'm having visions. [pt. 1]
The house
Mom's Been Acting Strange - Part II
A few days ago, I confronted the puddle that once took my childhood friend.
The Basement
The National Parks Aren't Just There to Preserve Nature - Isle Royale
I Am Mr. Handsome
The Girl With the Umbrella
Someone or something was stalking me through NYC
I Am Mr Handsome
Don't Drain the Tub [Part 1]
Unsavory Sweets
I Am Mr. Handsome
The soul of the woods
It won’t stop raining.
I was forced to live as my favorite Youtuber for 20 days, this is what happened
My childhood friend died in a ritual gone wrong and I had no choice but to bring her back
I'm working at hotel that is always full but with few guest. I have a odd list of rules to follow while working my shift. (Part 4)
Their deaths are my fault.
the break in
My basement has rules, and today I broke one. - FINAL
Something My Six Year Old Daughter Told Me Has Kept Me Awake for the Past Three Nights- 3
My basement has rules, and today I broke one. - FINAL
My basement has rules, and today I broke one. - FINAL
An intruder got into my college dorm. I don’t think he was human.
I need help.
I Found Your Necklace
Mom's Been Acting Strange - Part II
The Bengalu
When I was little, one of my wardrobe's doors was always open
My family has always had a spare plate set out, I always assumed that it was a non-serious tradition...
I was never told about the trees.
I’m camping with a group of friends, for the first time, in the forest... The girl who left to get firewood is not the same girl who came back. (Part 3)
If a piece of raw meat, perfectly preserved from spoiling, was left out, would it eventually be cooked from being in room temperature?
Worst Grindr hookup ever
This isn't a warning
The Journal
I think I might be a criminal...
There is a village where people scream at the setting sun. I will turn it into a battlefield.
The first time I fired a gun.
The Pine Lodge Drive In Has Some Amazing Previews
The Neighbors from Hell
I am a soldier at the Site Omega military base. The rules are weird and terrifying. [Pt 4]: The Swallows Wrath.
Confessions of a Tooth Fairy
Have you read the book, Narassa?
Nature's Wildcard
That's why you should never mess with infrasounds.
Confessions of a Tooth Fairy (Long Post)
The house on KnobKnobKnock hill
If I can see why can’t you
There's a murderer behind me (Part 1)
I'm in a derelict parking lot, waiting to be teleported a couple meters away.
Something is Leaving Blackstone Commercial [Final]
My Neighbors Killed my Brother
My daughter's art may have a life of its own
I'm in need of desperate help...
The Fine LineBarnsley tall man
I took a Expedition to the wilderness of the Himalayas and there’s something I need to talk about
Stained
i think i could turn it back on
I’m a new actor at a Wild West model town. There’s a secret town underground.
Psycho Summer Camp
Patty Pie and the Pointy Shoes
Damned part 1
peephole
I can't remember how I died. All I need is my computer password.
I just inherited a haunted house. Today, it taught me how to cry.
I read an old diary in a museum, and now there's an island I'm afraid of.
CATARACT
The Story of April Strange
Are You Ok?
for those who would like to know about the forest of which the member of the SAR spoke
The Clicker that roamed the town of Burrybay. (Part 1)
Christmas Traditions
Skin-Walkers
My son has no mouth and yet I love him
I moved and horror movies came to life
Something onboard the S.S. Starwind
Now i know why they want them to be cremated. And im one of them now.
The tapping
EVE
There's something in my house...and i know why its here - part 4
I Have to Kill Myself So That I Don't Kill Myself
Drinking with codeine
hi i am new here and i wrote this story, hope you like it
Hi I am new here and i wrote this , hope you like it
Codeine &amp; Guiness
I found a deer that won't stop looking at me.
There’s a picture in my head.
Enter
My ex girlfriend girlfriend was....weird
THE SCARY PODCAST
[Final] This is why I don't go hiking...
The Places in the Philippines You Should Never Travel To
The Magic They Saw That Night Was Absolutely Glorious
I Found the One Paranormal Game that Actually Works... It Wasn't Worth It.
I Shouldn't Have Played The Elevator Game. Now I'm Trapped Here (Part 1)
Every time I lose a tooth, someone dies. I'm down to my last one.
Never Turn Away A Guest
I found out why they want them to be cremated
I hired a locksmith to let me back inside my house. Unfortunately, I hadn't thought to read his online reviews.
My basement has rules, and today I broke one.
I was sent to a summer camp, or that's what I thought... (PART 6)
The Imaquumajuq of Alaska
I Have Seen God... I Have Not Been The Same Since
Mom's Been Acting Strange - Part I
My Imaginary Pizza Delivery Man
I’m staying at a resort for people who are taking time off their medication. I’m noticing some strange things going on – Part 11
It’s Time for Dinner
Notes from a Zoom meeting
I Have Seen God... I Have Not Been The Same Since
Jennifer's Race
murder is legal
My uncle met the Grey Man at Lost Lake
02.22.2023 Tapes #1 - #3
The clock lady
I fixed our company fax machine. I wish I didn't.
My Quarantine Weight Loss!
02.22.2023 Tapes #1 - #5
Frame - The Hole
Enter the Void
The Mud-Bound Tome
I saw his death.
My husband disappeared while walking across the highway (short story)
I met with someone important today (part one)
That's what you think
FENEFEX TALES Vol. 1: The Condemned and the King
I was a little shy to post this, incriminating stuff after all! ;)
I used to be a nurse and I think I helped deliver something evil.
This Is My Choice And I Am Happy
I’m camping with a group of friends, for the first time, in the forest... The girl who left to get firewood is not the same girl who came back. (Part 2)
I found a strange book in my basement and now there are some things happening that I can’t explain. (Part 1)
Tales of a lonely security guard part 8: The mill of horror
Tales of a lonely security guard part 8: Mill of horror
I found a strange book in the basement... And there’s something off with it. (Part 1)
Something My Six Year Old Told Me Has Kept Me Awake for the Past Three Nights- 2
I found a deer that won't stop looking at me.
He took me to the other side, said his last goodbye, and left me perplexed...
Encounters With The Skinwalker of Moonsville Woods.
An Uninvited Guest Came On Our Field Trip... [Part 2] Hotel
Quarantine days horrors
Sleep Sound, My Child.
It Doesn’t Like Being Seen.
You’re Never Safe
There's A Serial Killer On The Loose
These machines are getting a little old.
The thing under the floor boards
These machines are getting a little old.
ISO story i started reading like a year ago, about a house but each window held a different dimension?
I Sent Them There to Die, and They Brought Me Along (Pt. 4)
Thought a few of you might enjoy these videos .
The Journal
Quarantine days horrors
(Part 4) My great-aunt left me a note of rules and warnings. "Thomas" isn't very happy...
The Last Few Night's My Livestock Have Gone Missing. Tonight I Think I Finally Figured Out Where They Went.
The man of the corn fieldThe Chronicles of the Graveyard Management Team - The story of our Cemetery
Retirement Center
The Stag Light - Part One
I inherited a Wild West model town. I teamed up with my father's killer.
I went hunting for Champ in Lake Champlain. I found something much more terrifying.
I found a deer that won't stop looking at me.
I just inherited a haunted house. Maybe it’s not good to live in a haunted house.
Gideon James
The tree with orange bark
Advice on joining the Existential Risk Contention
Follow me in the Soundscape
The black creature
A new job
Gideon James
All of the women in my family die at age 27. I finally found the cult responsible for all of their deaths. [Final]
I’m getting sick of all these parties
The beginning of the end.
Lucid Dreaming
my father and i have the same hands
Goat Face
someone help me to explain what the fuck is going on
He took me to the other side, and it left me perplexed. Hope ya'll give it a read. Peace.
If you see a man in a black suit at the pool, don't go in.
Two shadow men are in my room.
He took me to the other side, and I was perplexed, that's his way of saying goodbye. Some may find this beautiful, some not so much, but I hope ya'll give it a read. Peace :)
The Thing In The Field
The Losnedahl Effect: In 2006, trees started growing in a grid pattern.
Why I'll Never Go Backpacking Again
sure is windy tonight
Rules for working at the museum
My grandparent's flat
All I wanted was to learn how to embalm, but my mentor can’t help me anymore
Who picked up the phone?
For my dear nephew
teleportation dogs
No Sleep, No Rest, And No Lights
I worked at a watchtower, what I saw was terrifying.
Grace Highschool Is Not Ok (Pt. 2)
The Woman Who Watched
I am a soldier at the Site Omega military base. The rules are weird and terrifying. [Pt 3]: The Archives.
The Man in Blue
I summoned a deamon, but it looks just like me. PART 1
I Need to Smell the Flowers // Part Two
I summoned a deamon, but it looks just like me. PART 1
Life is a sim̸̨͚̫̮̫̞͍̖̋̅̾̉̋̇͑̔͠͠ͅu̵͇͎͙͍̱̹͇̿̏-life is great!
The Voice.
I saw my best friend last night. He's been dead for a week.
I tried to summon a deamon, but it looks just like me. PART 1
Looking for an old story I listened to
Conscious Memory
That Night In The Mirror - Creepypasta Read
There's A Serial Killer On The Loose
I thought moving out into the country would be a dream come true, I was dead wrong...
Carrion Chronicles: Careta
Incident 1A- [Part 1]
My roommate tried to kill me while he was sleepwalking, with murder weapons he bought when he was awake. And I have no idea where he is.
Can't sleep soundly because of him
"The game show"
Soul
Abholos-my-ri-ay
I shouldn’t have let her go
Rules for working at the museum
My grandma died and passed down her cabin to my brother and me. I finally remember what happened 12 years ago, and I wish I could forget it all over again
The Gathering
Saltwater [Part 1]
The old man at the grocery store
My Uncle Used to be a Cop, This is the Case that Made Him Quit Part 2
I know the Real Reason why we left Vietnam (Part 1)
Something's wrong in Oregon. I think it's spreading.
U HAD ME AWAKE FOR 2 NIGHTS STRAIGHT
Look at my eyes.
I Used To Be The Head of Security At A Soviet Medical Research Facility
U HAD ME AWAKE FOR 2 NIGHTS STRAIGHT
Haunted Childhood Home
Hexx House
Dear Daphne,
New House, New Demon
I hurt other people's dogs so that I could see my own
Theres a monster in my house, please help! (part 2)
theres a creature in my house, Please help! (Part 2)
Did the tooth fairy visit you too?
Click-click-clickity down the street
Theres a Creature in my house, please help! (Part 2)
Theres a creature in my house, Please help (Part 2)
Housekeeping
Teeth
room 311
I’m camping with a group of friends, for the first time, in the forest... The girl who left to get firewood is not the same girl who came back.
Lifeline
The Will of Scott Bullhill
How I Got My Freedom Back
I Had a Breakthrough Today in Therapy.
I watched a video of strangely familiar pictures, and now I am questioning my entire existence
I thought I hated humanity, until a ghost of the future showed me something much worse
2020 Nosleepover Cancellation
Kte Ku
URGENT - please message me if you know about Eldrock Root
Something that haunts me since I was a kid
Help, I'm thinking to kill who bullied me
revisiting friendThe Boogeyman lives in the sky
Respect is immortal.
The Boogyman lives in the sky.
Gathering
I'm dead
DECODE AT YOUR OWN RISK!
The Orphans of Xanadu
You shouldn’t be afraid of the night... the day is much scarier
Don't leave me
I saw my face on thispersondoesnotexist.com
Don't leave me
We Should Have Let The Dead Remain Dead
From the Swamp, pt 2
Something My Six Year Old Daughter Told Me Has Kept Me Awake for the Past Three Nights
"I need air support!"
The Man Who Follows Me Home
My life best day turned into a nightmare!
Where I Once Called Home (Part 1)
"I need air support!"
DO NOT open emails you weren’t expecting, you’ll get more than you bargained for.
I’m a new actor at a Wild West model town. I met a succubus at the saloon.
Gathering
Greetings! I’m looking for some true Paranormal/Creepy/ghost stories for YouTube!
I think a Demon hired me to babysit
The Trail Of Fears
"God Save Us, or the Devil" - Strange Findings from The Archives
Thornberry
One Hair, Two Hair, Many Hair.
Please help me find my wife Samantha and our kids Sam and Sammy.
Hole Street
I just inherited a haunted house that came with many rules. Today, I decided to browse a couple.
"A Ukraine Adoption"
The Ogopogo exists, but not in the way I thought
I Wish The Story Just Stayed As The Haunted Concrete Truck
Have you forgotten about The Playground?
We went camping and found a secret place in the woods
The piles of stones on the side of hiking trails are not what you think they are.
Heartbroken
My wife was assaulted. What I did to her attacker has awoken something inside of me.
We went camping but found something wrong
I heard random wind chimes in my room at 2am
Demonic cat memory
Hide and DO NOT go seek
Short but terrifying horror story.
The hooded man ritual
Endscreek: The Noise Coming From Inside Children [7]
The Trail Of Fears
Abandoned
Endscreek: The Noise Coming From Inside Children [7]
Sirens Are Almost Always Female. Almost.
I've been listening in through Siri [Final]
I Woke Up In A Different Dimension
Username Ceris
Username Ceris
I went to an abandoned house with my best friend.
The Old Bowman House
The Neighbour's Cat Has Fleas
The Man I See in the Dark
The hooded man ritual
Every Time I Sleep, I Wake Up In Another Dimension
The hooded man
Priest's lighthouse part 2
Priest's lighthouse part 2.
I can’t sleep with open doors 🍜
I can’t sleep with open doors, why?
Lock Up
It wasn't a beautiful day in this neighborhood
went to assess the estate of a dead priest with no next of kin. I don't know how to describe what we found before we left.
Dreams of a Strange Man in the Snow.
Found this really creepy gaming channel you guys might be interested in
The Doctor and the Candy Maker
I Have Seen Death, Here's What to Expect
I stared death in the face, here's what to expect
I found a letter in the personal effects of a professor at the University of Oregon
//TW Supernatural//
Your nonexistent regret
Something got in
The street performers in Times Square have gotten really impressive
(Part 4) My great-aunt left me a note of rules and warnings. Somethings have changed...
I Decided To Google My Parents... And I Couldn't Believe What I Found
Grace Highschool Is Not Ok (Pt. 1)
This school is not ok (Pt.1 Section 1)
Poop bags won’t help me now.
(Part 4) My great-aunt left me a note of rules and warnings. What's up with the neighbors?
It Needs Me to Smell the Flowers // Part One
I am a soldier at the Site Omega military base. The rules are weird and terrifying. [Pt 2]: The Deliveries.
I am a soldier at the Site Omega military base. The rules are weird and terrifying. [Pt 2]: The Deliveries.
My Doorbell Camera Caught Something Very Disturbing
Легион Йосефа
(Part 4) My great-aunt left me a note of rules and warnings. Jenny, what happened to you?
Легион Йосефа.
My wife and I purchased a Smart Home. We should have read the fine print.
The windows
I’m staying at a resort for people who are taking time off their medication. I’m noticing some strange things going on – Part 10
I bought a graveyard. I might have gotten more than I paid for.
The Journal(1)
It Wants Me to Smell the Flowers // Part One
Harvey the Duck
I Almost Adopted a New Dog Named Sunny
Suicide noteI work in the TV gallery
Hold your burning hand in mine.
Suicide note
What Man Wasn’t Meant To Know (FINAL)
My dad died 3 weeks ago, i found this note.
Cocaine Cocaine Cocaine Cocaine
Here's a creepy story
Where is my Wife?
Theres a creature living in my house, Please help (Section #2)
They talk mostly about Stoic philosophy but also all philosophy, current events, and generally just chat. Lots of cool people who with a ton who love philosophy and staying up late chatting. Thought I would share.
my dream, became a reality
A serial killer in my town
I'm a mailman and my penis is made of cake
Theres a Creature in my house, please help! (Section #2)
I met with someone awhile ago about him
An Icy Reminder
I Went To See The Moon
A Friend Like Charlie
If you have this, I will die.
You can't have this or I will die.
I hear a faint noise, but I can't put my finger on what it is. Music?
superstore
I Woke up Gasping for Air Days After I Hanged Myself
Does a bully deserve to die?
A normal man.
My missing childhood friend returned 13 years after she walked into the water.
Regis Philbin made me kill my mom (NOT CLICKBAIT)
The Gray
I will always be there
My Strange Padlet Conversation
Has Anyone Else Forgotten Blackstone Commercial? [Part 2]
I will always be there
From the swamp, pt 2
Adrift in a Dark Cloud
My Doorbell Camera Caught Something Very Disturbing
I saw mine
The Call
I checked into Hotel Zenith to win one million dollars and it didn’t go as planned [Final]
Nails
Nives is alive
Kind of a repost
When Time Goes Backwards, Its all Because Of The Monster.
Operation bluestar June 1st to june 10th story credits:1984tribute.com
My fiances sister can see shadow people.
My Imaginary Pizza Delivery Man
I interviewed the survivors of a mass suicide. My last broadcast will never air. [Part 3]
Netflix &amp; Chill
Breakfast with my father's savior
Was playing football with my friends, then fell in a hole to another world
Noises in the attic
I’ve always been told not to go outside at midnight, now I know why.
There’s something the parents didn’t tell me about the kid I’m babysitting
Theres a Creature in my house, please help!
Mr. Black Part 1: Stalking is a strong word.
Whimsy World
We inherited a mirror from my great-great-aunt, now my reflection is mercilessly stalking me
Something got in
Raggedy Ann
Always look where you're going
I inherited a Wild West model town. The midwife takes away the women of Hollow Valley.
Forty Ways to Die in the City
A Barber knows his blade
I called on something I shouldn’t have
My Stay Inside the Lands of Terror
Moth to a Flame
I am happy I won the case.
The Girl and the Glass
I returned to my old home after the death of my father, Things are definitely not as they seem, not at all. (Pt 2)
What happened too me part 1
I had a really weird experience when I was a kid, early teens, and for some reason it keeps popping up in my head a lot recently..
The Butterfly Effect
Mouthborn
I just inherited a haunted house, but didn’t think about how odd that is until right now
I had a really weird experience when I was a kid, early teens, and for some reason it keeps popping up in my head a lot recently..
NoSleep Interview with Sam Haysom!
Allison
Just me alone on my night shift, plus a horror movie.
Do not return
Poem: The Return
Poem: The return
Don't Return
Don't ever "Annie Leibovitz" (My Family Ghost Story)
8 Hours Of Sleep Is Important
Don't ever "Annie Leibovitz"
Does anyone remember this story featured on Sixpenceee’s blog way back when?
Arbor Vitae
My Summer as A Security Guard for A Disturbing Carnival - Part 3 - The Theater
Never touch a haunted person. Unless they tell you to
That clown is far from normal
I tripped into something and can't get out.
Don't Click Popups from Porn Sites
I Locked my Possessed Sister in the Barn. Now She's Gone [Part Two]
I Take Long Drives When I Can't Sleep. Last Night I Stumbled Across Something Horrifying.
I Take Long Drives When I Can't Sleep. Last Night I Stumble Across Something Horrifying.
From the Swamp, pt 1
Late Night Mystery
The Elevator Dimension
I cant find this story!!!! please help me
'Til death do us part
Have Any of you Veterinarians been Feeling Particularly Homicidal Lately?The Distortionist
A new patient arrived at the nursing home. She’s not a normal patient.
I am a soldier at the Site Omega military base. The rules are weird and terrifying [Pt 2]
Elevator
I am a soldier at the site Omega military base. The rules for my job are both weird and terrifying [Part one]
I am a soldier at site Omega military base. The rules for my job are both weird and terrifying [Part one]
CLAYTON (Part I and II)
We Explored a Haunted House, But It Turned Out Not to Be Scary
I am a soldier at site Omega military base. The rules for my job are both weird and terrifying [Part one]
My dad will do anything to win. And I mean anything.
I am a soldier at site Omega military base. The rules for my job are both weird and terrifying [Part one]
The Creature In The Attic
I am a soldier at site Omega military base. The rules for my job are both weird and terrifying [Part one: patrol hell]
I'm serving 60 hours of community service at my local park, I've learned what roams here at night
I’ve been assigned to the site Omega base. The instructions were strange indeed. [Part 1: the drive]
Whimsy World
I Went to my Dad's Old Hunting Cabin in the Mountains... I Think I Know How He Died (Part 1)
I'm working at hotel that is always full but with few guest. I have a odd list of rules to follow while working my shift. (Part 3)
To The Abyss and Back
Where exactly is Aleister, Maine? (Part 4)
If you find the village where people scream at the setting sun, don't stay for supper
I'm being mercilessly stalked by my reflection
I Just Wished For New Parents. I Really Wish I Hadn't.
Knocked out in the woods
I know what real dragons look like.
Post 1
Last night I read that it takes people an average of 7 minutes to fall asleep
I begin tucking him into bed and he tells me, “Daddy check for monsters under my bed.” I look underneath for his amusement and see him, another him, under the bed, staring back at me quivering and whispering, “Daddy there’s somebody on my bed.”
Time is a figure eight, and where it crosses itself in the middle, the living and the dead rub shoulders, and monsters dwell
I think I ran into a Hell hound last night and I want some answers to ease my grief.
Always know where your family before responding pt1
I found my sister's journal, and I don't think she was crazy
I think me and another user on this sub ran into the same thing last night and if so I am absolutely terrified.
Always Make Sure You know where your family members are before responding pt1
My dog Rufus
I saw the light (Part One)
I got a call in the middle of the night
Why I Stopped Breaking Into Houses Part 3/End
A New Horizon
If You're Ever in Southern Utah, Make Sure You Stay Close to the Road
I was sent to a summer camp, or that's what I thought... (PART 5)
THE LADY BASTARD
The OTHER Skyler
Lizzie
Lizzie
Lizzie
I am not sure if I am a crazy old man getting carried away, or if I really need your help
Never go into the woods at night.
I discovered stairs in the woods and I think I found a portal to hell
I interviewed the survivors of a mass suicide. My last broadcast will never air. [Part 2]
I took a job on a cargo ship and found a list of rules
A Monster Hunter's Diary - Entry 1
Whispers
I took a job on a cargo ship and found a list of rules
I found this in the laundry
The Duck
Deep Web Discovery
This a new sub created as FAQ/AMA for people who are dealing with out of the ordinary &amp; unexplained events to find some help &amp; knowledge.
I assumed this was a place for Insomniacs
Deep Web Discovery
The darkness
The never ending dream
Quarantine with my boyfriend has not been going well...If I see that smirk one more time I'll lose it
I took a job on a cargo ship and found a list of rules
Fingers Patton
I’m a new actor at a Wild West model town. Yesterday I died.
I discovered a strange mud-bound book while hiking. Its origins are unknown, but it holds some dark secrets.
Something scary in my burger king, but now its solved.
There's something wrong with this Cul-de-sac [Part 1]
The fox has no face and I'm scared
The fox has no face and I'm scared
Black Cat
1ST NOVEMBER, 1984.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The Death of Light
I’m reading a story right now. And it is what is happening in my life. According to the book,a killer is looming.
The Bad Connection
My Brother Charlie
Weird dreams
Deafening Color
It started with the whispers and then grew to something worse
It started with the whispers and became so much more
Our Mailwoman Is A Nice Woman
What's the weirdest Halloween movie you have ever seen?
Reddit Scary Stories: The Devil
The Lorax is real, and he is NOT an adorable friendly animal.
Art IMITATES Life - SECOND HALF
Art Imitates LIFE - SECOND HALF
Every time my car breaks down, a figure appears.
Art IMITATES Life - SECOND HALF
Best Broken Friend?
art IMITATES life - Second Half
My dog just mutated into some unnatural monster and now I fear for my life.
art IMITATES life - Second Half
Art Imitates Life - Second Half
Exorcism
ART IMITATES LIFE - Second Half
My last case as a police detective left me scarred.
Never sleep with your window open at night
Galina's School for the BlindI see things I shouldn't: Index/Intro
I see things I shouldn't: Index/Intor
I was reincarnated, but it went wrong
My leg is cursed, and I can't run away from my problems
My sister has been acting strangely for a week.
Dark Place By Fear.
Galina's School for the Blind
Lice
Stones left unturned
I met the scariest thing in the woods
[Part 2] This is why I don't go hiking...
Katie's Discovery 1
I accidentally killed my self
How to Survive Camping: I threw the dancers a party
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Okay, I think I forgot something important.
I accidentally killed my self
I went to Helen's Bridge and met Helen. Some stories get changed to protect you
The art cabinet
My dog barks at night like a lunatic
I'm A Manager My Local Retail Store. Last Month I Was Bitten By A Karen
Local Library
My dog is immortal, and we share a connection that defies scientific explanation
True Ghost Story of Woman in White Dress
AMA ask an immortal of 15 years pretty much anything!
Still Stuck in Hell
AMA Ive been immortal for 15 years now so ask me anything about it!
I lost a bet to my friends
Drinks With A Dead Man
My grandma died and passed down her cabin to my brother and me. My uncle's done something terrible to my brother and father, and now I'm all that's left
My Great Aunt's Garden Gnomes are Multiplying
A horrifying daydream that has haunted my sleepless nights for weeks.
Never Wave to the Traveling Man
[Part 2] This is why I don't go hiking...
I'm serving 60 hours of community service cleaning my local park, there's something terrifying here...
AMA ask an immortal of 15 years
Scolopendrphobia- A Fear of Centipedes
There's Something Wrong with this Cul-de-sac
My wife and her friend went on an Internet-based treasure hunt, and what they found--I'm thinking it's straight from Hell.
Summer in Suburbia
Trying to find a story (sorry if this breaks the rules)
Trying to find a story (sorry if this breaks the rules)
I Think There's a Cult in my Cul-de-sac
I Used to go Bar-Hopping... Until I Found the Crimson Cabaret
Overnight camping: Week 4
My Nose wont stop bleeding
My nose will not stop bleeding
You See the Mark. Final Part.
I interviewed the survivors of a mass suicide. My last broadcast will never air. [Part 1]
A POEM ABOUT HOW TO KILL AN ASWANG
I don't think this is my daughter
Peagull.com
I inherited a Wild West model town. I was involved in a shootout.
Blessing of the travelling harlot
Meeting my online GF for the first time went VERY wrong!
Photos of the Holiday Home
The Things
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I’m download reddit for this story.
The Cabin
June 2020 contest nominations
The Swapping Game
physical or mental stress can couse ringing in the ear
The mannequin at the shopping mall moved part 1/
Imagination
A late night goodbye
This man is not my husband
I was Once a Graveyard Caretaker
SPITE OF THE SEA
The first birthday party I ever went to.
After sixteen years living here, I had never before heard this.
'He was too into me'
The truth behind memes and gamer words.
Streamer hits the crip walk!
Self
The living plague doctor
A Whistle from the Forest
12:18 pm, anyone up?
The library, The book, The girl ... PART 1
My parents are pyscopatic killers Chapter one
This haunted music video was designed by Satan himself
Scary videos
The doctors are baffled by my unexplainable condition
The pop-up
The Creeping Rainbow
Quick and Queathing
He Asked For It
Masks are for Safety, More so Yours Than my Own
I'm an Army Reservist, and some weird things have been going on in my Home Province
I work at a university library. I’m afraid one of the students isn’t alive.
I Think my Sister is Possessed
You'll Never Believe what this Woman was Wearing when she was Kicked out of the Water Park!
Masks are for Safety, Moreso Yours Than my Own
I accidentally stopped time
The Nightshade
It Knocks Three Times
A Testimony of My Insanity
A Testimony of My Insanity
This is why I don't go hiking...
I Got Plastic Surgery and Now I Have The Face of a Missing Girl (part 1)the moon looks so nice out! Wh-STOPy dont you praise it
In Absentia
What Really Lurks in the Shadows?
They won't let me go Part 1- Arrival
There's something living in my toilet--and it has teeth.
My roommate’s relationship with her cat was starting to get a little strange...
I Got Plastic Surgery and Now I Have The Face of a Missing Girl
I Am A Mercenary for the Supernatural Who Can Handle Hazing
My roommate´s relationship with her cat was starting to get a little odd…
Multiple Missing Persons?
Ghost Hunt Story time
I was a leading scientist at AspectLabs, Wuhan China. What escaped wasn't *just* Covid19... Part 1: The Secrets Unshared
Case File 446-A
I took an internship as a night shift assistant, I did not sign up for this.
I Live in an Uncharted Country (Final)
I was a leading scientist at AspectLabs, Wuhan China. What escaped wasn't *just* Covid19... Part 1: The Secrets Not Shared
The Company I Work at Gave Me A Weird Set Of Rules To Follow, This Isn't What I Signed Up For
Neighbor Left Her Keys Inside Her Apartment Door Last Night, And Now She's Dead
What happened when the snow came early.
I'm a patient in a psychiatric hospital. Part 1 - the white room.
Bank reports are coming tomorrow
Something behind me
Something behind me
She has found me.
Why I Stopped Breaking Into Houses Part 2
the shadows
Siren head is real
Doors, moonlight, and the screaming
Thousand years letter
I thought my house was haunted until i found this note
me or my house is possessed
P.i.t.: Book 1- Episode 4
Haunted Mobile Home
What Man Wasn’t Meant To Know (Part 10)
Don't mess with demon related rituals.
Isolation Study, March 11th 2019 - January 8th 2020
Time Went Backwards?
There are stains spreading across the faces of my family.
They look like my daughters, but they are not my daughters
i my have perminent brain damage
My high school was built on top of a cemetery
The Boyfriend
The Boyfriend
You don't have to go on tv to play the dating game. Just follow these rules for dating my daughter
The recurring dream.
You need to promise me something.
I created an app after 3 months of no-sleep and no-drinks and no one even cares about it.
It keeps re happening and i cant stop it.
I’m a new actor at a Wild West model town. The Gunslinger wants me dead.
I just inherited a haunted house, and the spirits are reacting to my indecent exposure
I just inherited a haunted house, and the spirits are reacting to my indecent exposure
I Can't Get Rid of my Psychotic Ex-Girlfriend - Even After She Died.
If you’re reading thisWAKE UP&amp;/, you’ve been in coma for WAKE UP almost 20 years now. We’re trying a new technique. We WAKE UP don’t know where this message will end up in your dream WAkE_$^UP, but we hope it works. Please WAKE UP wake up, we miss you.
If you’re reading thisWAKE UP&amp;/, you’ve been in coma for WAKE UP almost 20 years now. We’re trying a new technique. We WAKE UP don’t know where this message will end up in your dream WAkE_$^UP, but we hope it works. Please WAKE UP wake up, we miss you.
In Absentia
My Son Has Not Been Attending His Online Lessons
Sleeping to thunder!
I'll never go out to sea again.
The Skybox.
There Are No Aliens In Roswell, New Mexico
My fiancé wasn't human.
The Art of Loss
I had a horrible nightmare warning me that these events are the next things that will happen in 2020, so far, it was right...
the quiet man
A hunters handbook
Living Suzy's Nightmare.
I picked the wrong night to take off from work...
The box
Freedom?
Self
Endcreek: The Noise Coming From Inside Children [6]
Endcreek: The Noise Coming From Inside Children [6]
Iron Man
Two Words
In Search of Farming Advice
Closer
Do not go to a gas station at night.
Veronica
Sunbrook Hills
An Univited Guest Came On My Field Trip... [Part 1] Bus Ride
The Cathedral
An Univited Guest Joined our Field Trip [PART 1: BUS RIDE]
The Community Part 2
Blue Light
“STOP YELLING, OR NO TALKING”
State Fair
“STOP YELLING, OR NO TALKING”
It wasnt the curtains, i swear.
Deep Web Discovery
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Any abandoned/haunted places in UK that are not famous
I am a pet store security guard and I have a weird set of rules to follow (Part 2)
The creatures that followed me from childhood.
I see things I shouldn't (index and intro)
I have committed an unspeakable atrocity.
It wasnt the curtains, i swear.
I am a pet store security guard and I have a weird set of rules to follow (Part 1)
I see things I shouldn't (index)
I See Things I Shouldn't (Index)
The PossessorI am a pet store security guard and I have a weird set of rules to follow (Part I)
I am a pet store security guard and I have a weird set of rules to follow (The Watchful Eye of the Eagle) (Part I)
The shape of you
The Toxic Roblox Girl
I’m eternally trapped at the best party ever
"I Was Haunted For What I Did To Her"
Masks Are for Safety, Mainly for Yours Than my Own
Lake Sister
There's way too many spiderwebs in my walls
The Skinwalker of Moonsville Woods.
"I Was Haunted For What I Did To Her"
The Maze of Ryan
The Maze of Ryan
I have a really bizarre sleep problem.
This is not a story, but a serous problem. I have a really bizarre sleep problem. I keep waking up in the middle of the night with no given cause. Everything seems artificial.
The First Contact Skirmish of 2020
Pressing, Pressing
The Monster Above My Bed
Therapy Session
I found tapes my grandfather left behind. This week I met the Landlord.
my first attempt at it
I’m a fucking machine.
Therapy Session
The serial killer in the van who comes to my job.
"I was haunted because of what I did to her"
.onion
What's the deal with this user and their creepy posts?
Therapy Session
Pressing, Pressing
We got a new vending machine at work
My family isnt my family
I WANT in Berlin
We found something terrifying in a mine.
My town hasn’t spoken in days
Last Night's Conversation
Jamaica's duppy are real
We found something horrifying in a mine
I worked at a mine for 7 days, We found something horrifying
I Know the Real Reason Why Dr. Disrespect Was Banned From Twitch, and It's Worse Than You Could Ever Imagine
I started working with Eli the time traveler. He is way is over his head.
I worked as a miner for Five days, I found something horrifying...
A Portal Made of Questionable Decisions (Part 4)
I'm a conductor on a train that runs an unusual route; a ghost voyage, with no passengers... Tonight, however, there's someone on the train... (FINAL)
Don't follow instructions from strangers.
Art Imitates Life
I work in an inconvenience store. The worst part about the job are the customers.
[Art Imitates Life]
THE WALLS ARE MOVING
THE WALLS ARE MOVING
[Art Imitates Life]
The Escape
I think I got stalked by a big cat last night..or someone pretending to be one
I am a contract killer and I didn't do my research on one target. (Part 1)
Looking for a thread
I think I might be going insane
My Friend Went Hiking On Dark Mountain And Never Came Back (Part 1)
I think I got stalked by a big cat last night (or someone/something trying to sound like one)
There is a village where everyone screams at the setting sun. I will find it.
The Voodoo Princess
My perfect little angel, who never cries!
Everyone in my Town Sleeps During The Day
The girl hell
Birthday Trip: Pt. 1
My Friend Went Hiking On Dark Mountain And Never Came Back
My Friend Went Hiking On Dark Mountain And Never Came Back
I’m a Librarian Who Gets Visions When I Touch Books - Part 2
Be careful who you meet on dating apps
He lurks inside my head, waiting for my demise.
Pit: Book 1-Episode 3
I checked into Hotel Zenith to win one million dollars and I heard what nightmares sound like [6]
what's happening in my neighborhood...?
Don’t lose your soul in the bottom of a bottle.
To whoever is reading this, there isn’t much time
How to Kill Someone Safely
If you are reading this, there isn’t much time.
A moment of glory.
I'm never going camping in West Virginia again...
The Skinwalker of Moonsville Woods.
The Monster Whisperer. Part 1 (by me)
The Skinwalker of Moonsville Woods
I inherited a Wild West model town. I can't believe what my mother told me.
All I had to do was ignore his messages
I just inherited a haunted house, and my stupid ass ignored half the rules before losing the list
Please Do Me A Favor, Just Take A Breath
Asur
EVE
Someone broke into my apartment, saw me, and left
I took a job on a haunted Airplane, and then was given a list of rules.
Someone/thing broke into my apartment, saw me, and left
I took a job on a haunted airplane. Then I was given a list of rules.
00:13
He'll Get You
Reporting In
There's a mist in my town that turns people into monsters: Part 2
i’m trapped in my house and don’t have much time left.
I work graveyard shift at a drive thru grocery store and something is wrong with my coworker.
I work at a drive thru grocery store, and there is something wrong with my coworker.
I bought a graveyard
Something grabbed me and I’m home alone..
What if the Wrong One's HereThe hands are flashing.
I thought this might help if struggling to sleep!
The Two-Eyed Ghost
Sleigh Bells
A panhandler followed me through every city, convinced we were dating—when I went to stay with my brother, he came to “rescue” me.
Yesterday, I died in a school shooting that no one remembers...
A panhandler followed me through every city—when I went to stay with my brother, he came to “rescue” me.
I keep hearing a ringing noise outside my window...
Camp Wanahee (Part 4)
Something is leaving a curse in my backyard, what do I do?
this really gave me the chills...
this really gave me the chills...
I Found A Baby Siren Head
They came from my ears
I Hunt Reverse Vampires: Nien Zum Frieden
the moon looks so nice out! Wh-STOPy dont you praise it
Nicholsons Orphanage
I thought it was just my imagination, I was wrong..
I thought it was just my imagination, I was wrong..
I am a Professional Curse Worker. Here's The Story of a Cursed Map.
I thought it was my imagination but I was wrong..
My dog is and will forever be my best friend
The World Ended In July of 1999 (Part 2)
My X-ACTO knife was right here on my desk, I swear it
I had a very scary dream but it wasn't a nightmare (part 2)
Sweet Tea
I had a strange dream last night.
My girlfriend and I are losing our minds
My foster care adventures. The mental facility part two.
The truth behind bonzi buddy.
Nightmares don’t bother me.
The girl next door
Please come find me.
I remember one of my previous lives.
My dog is my best friend
The girl next door
There's a mist in my town that turns people into monsters: Part 2
My Sister Won't Stop Staring At The TV Static
Hellhounds don’t come from hell, what’s inside them do.
My Grandmother wrote Children's Horror Books. She wrote one about who I would become
I thought all those people digging were stupid but there’s more to it than that.
an ‘well known’ horror story (part 1)
I Live in an Uncharted Country (Part 3)
I saw something i cant explain, help
My Big room
Question about strange animal sounds
Hellhounds don’t come from hell, what’s inside them do.
I Have A Curse
Something is Seriously Wrong with My Copy of Super Mario 64, Pictures Included
i went to heaven and back, and this is what i saw
i went to heaven and back, and this is what i saw
The Hallway
So I went on and downloaded Randonatica
Death Has A Message
I went to heaven and back
Never laugh at a hearse
My Friend Found Out The Truth About Fate
I'm possessed by a demon, and it's starting to not look so good.
Please Obey the Posted Metro Operating Hours.
The house in the hills is only there at night.... (pt 1)
Gg
"A Trip in New York"
Be careful in the waters of the Florida Keys
Storys from the diary Part 1
CONSPIRACY THEORY
They never come back
My Experience with the Clown Wave of 2016
Don't Go Outside
My Experience with the Clown Wave
Knock Knock Knock
My cousin freind might be in danger
Krakens Aren't The Worst Things Out At Sea
i beat her cus she beats me
i beat her cus she beats me
I was dropped off in the woods for three days. Something inhuman followed me out.
I started working with Eli the time traveler, but I think he's in over his head.
I had a very scary dream but it wasn't a nightmare (pt. 2)
Knock Knock Knock (Redo Co Written by u/cesly1987)
Blackstone Commercial Isn't as Abandoned as We Thought
There was something outside my window, and now its gone. (Part 1)
My Experience with the Clown Wave
I Encountered Pure Evil in the Woods that Night
The Greener Grass
The Greener Grass
Pit: Book 1- Episode 2
High Hedgerows
Thi girl outside the submarine
There's something in my house...and i know why its here - part 3
There's something in my house...and i know why its here
I’m a Librarian Who Gets Visions When I Touch Books
Heaven is Real, But There's a Catch
If you notice it, don't let it know you're there.
Death smelled of bitter almonds
What is truly behind you
Have you ever heard of a town named “Kraslingstad”?
Ghosts don't scare me anymore.
I’m a new actor at a Wild West mode town. Today I found out I can’t escape.
The hotel where I'm staying has weird rules. I shouldn't have some here. [PART 1]
A Dreamless Sleep
I'm a conductor on a train that runs an unusual route; a ghost voyage, with no passengers... Tonight, however, there's someone on the train... (Part 8)Has anyone read something about a game called "The Game Left and Right"?
It Only Affects Children
I just inherited a haunted house, and the ghosts want me to run a god damn bed and breakfast
I was sent to find a missing person in Yellowstone National Park, but what I found shouldn't be biological possible
I had a haunted copy of super mario brother
My mothers cabinet
I never should have let my daughter watch a video called “Kill Daddy”
I’m not sure if you are supposed to write real stories but this is a real story
Call for Short Horror Writers
The Sound of Water
My dog died last week. But the knocking didn’t stop
You have now escaped the simulation
(True Story) My Hans didn’t feel like mine when I woke up today
Have anyone seen people from other dimensions?
Something Dark Following me and my family
There's a mist in my town that turns people into monsters.
2004 GEEF100 [Visualizer]
I've been listening in through Siri and I'm not going to stop
My life living in a haunted house (true story)
I brought something horrible back from Tennessee
After Hours Vet Receptionist: Out of breath, out of shape, and out of mind
"Aren't You Glad You're Such A Sound Sleeper?"
I learned a new coping mechanism and it works great!
I had a very scary dream, but it wasn't a nightmare (pt.2) (the end?)
I'm a journalist. Since my last report, someone started following me.
I’m special, different from the rest. You couldn’t possibly understand.
I was sent to find a missing person in the yellow stone park, but what I found shouldn't biologically possible | Pt. 2 |
I was sent to find a missing person in yellow stone park, but what I found shouldn't biologically possible | Pt. 1 |
No exit
Death smelled of bitter almonds
The telsa model 3 I bought for 1,500 dollars.
A Dreamless Sleep.
Alone.
Please do me a favor, and just take a breath
A Dreamless Sleep
Scary / weird sleep paralysis dream.
In fifteen minutes, I’ll be unconscious again.
This isn't a Zombie Apocalypse, but I wish that it was
Strings
The Scariest Thing that Ever Happened to Me
At Jefferson Park Forrest, The Wildlife Isn't The Only Thing You Should Be Afraid Of.
At Jefferson Park Forrest, The Wildlife Isn't The Only Thing You Should Be Afraid Of.
A true horror story that was told by my older brother when he worked in the local library
Star Spangled Hands
My grandfather was an archeologist
My moving doll.
The farmers nightmare (Part 1)
Don’t forget to feed the fish.
Art of human flesh
Puberty
I’m staying at a resort for people who are taking time off their medication. I’m noticing some strange things going on – Part 9
maybe everything will be believed to be a dream.. eventually.
My Daughter Has Been Replaced But No One Else Knows... Help Me (FINAL)
maybe everything will be believed to be a dream eventually.
How To Survive The Gaps In Time Travel
The Devil in the Badlands. [Final]
I'm a video game designer. Help! I'm trapped in my company's new VR Horror creation!
18.98 Hz
Just had sleep paralysis
A strange connection…
I was sent to a summer camp,or that's what I thought... (PART 4)
I'm scared of my own delirium.
Tales from the Diner - Chris's Story - The Girlfriend and Grim Reaper Encounter
I'm working at hotel that is always full but with few guest. I have a odd list of rules to follow while working my shift. (Part2)
Hellooo I'm new
Disturbing dreams in first stage of sleep.
My mechanical angel
The Figure
The Checkered Man in the Mirror
It's not true that the Bible must not be interpreted and it's not true that it must all be interpreted literally
My husband and I own a murder mystery company. The problem is that the actors keep disappearing. [Part 1]
Other Roommate
The Titty Bar Murders Intro
This is not a ghost story.
"Rebirth" by me, I'm 14 and this is my first time posting, plz be nice
I Work The Night Shift at an Airport, I Saw Something Disturbing
My Friend Didn't Follow the Rules, Now He's "Missing" ( 1)
The man's ad offered $5,000 dollars to sit in a chair and stare at him.
September 3rd 1944
Sky Turtle Tours, ch 7: Spirit in The Sky
Traditions Must Be Kept
I need you to do me a favor, just take a deep breath
Don't go outside
I’m having sleep paralysis but I’m not sure I’m dreaming
Don't go outside
Traditions Must Be Kept
The Whole Old New Me
A Growing Shadow
I work a ghostbuster like job, I just actually experienced the supernatural for the first time.
Don't save them
A man pays me 300 dollars a day to look after his house. I don't think I should have taken the job. (Part 4)
How I grew up to become what I am today!
The Dead Fox
When I found her, she was waving at her reflection. It wasn’t waving back.
Remember To Turn The Lights Off
My Dog Vanished Three Years Ago. He Came Back, But I Don’t Think It’s Him
The Cabin
I inherited a animal sanctuary, I wasn’t prepared for what resides there.
Just me and a couple of pals
I inherited a Wild West model town. Everyone here is trying to kill one another.The stories my brother told me always came true
There's a Thing Outside my House that Won't Let Me Leave
The Owners Left Some Strange Rules To Follow
When eyes become windows
The Land of Lost Hope.
Congratulations, you just inherited a haunted house!
The Fine Gentleman
This guy asked me to be his girlfriend, but I rejected him. That was the worst mistake of my life.
Tiffany-twisted
Her mind is Tiffany-twisted
I grew up in a small town that made all the childeren meet the Angel Reaper (part 2)
GNAW (part two)
My new flat has rules. Feel like this won’t be a pleasant experience
My mom told me some rules which i should follow at their midnight bakery,i shouldn't have broken the last one.
The Creature That Ruined My Life
My youth group leader had us wear our flaws
The Creature That Ruined My Life
The Creature That Ruined My Life (Part 1)
I run a museum of cursed objects. I think it's finally time to talk about The Object.
The Creature That Ruined My Life
my encounter with the 'angel of death'
The Creature That Ruined my Life
He's me and I'm him
I am sorry you have to clean up after me.
I'm a ranger for the US Forest Service and I think the mountains are watching me [Part 5]
The Pill
Never Answer a Phone Call, When the Power is Out.
The Day The Sun Never Came. (Part 1)
I am Dorothy Gale
My child discovered an ancient human species. I don't think they're not so ancient after all.
I've been living under a fake name for almost twenty years. I'm finally ready to explain why.
I should've listen to the realtor's warning [Part 1]
The VHS Man
The Owners Of The House Im Siting Left Some Strange Rules
The Signal
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
"How i caught the Zodiac killer." By Gabriel Neely (me)
I’ve been using AI-generated images to study the afterlife for years. Today, I quitted. - with images
Go Away Scary Monster
I’ve been using AI-generated images to study the afterlife for years. Today, I quitted. (with images)
I probably should've listened to the realtor's warning [Part 1]
I can't find my parents and there are animals everywhere [Part 1]
My beautiful boy
Did I mess up? My wife's mad at me over hotdogs.
The Saloon, Part One
NoSleep is my Only Hope in Defending my Latest Client in Court
The Unnamed Rest Stop (part 2)
I Could Hear My Own Heartbeat
If you knew how it worked, you would never teleport again.
Searching for personal horror experiences!
If you knew how it worked, you would never teleport again.
Searching for personal horror stories!
I decided to spend the weekend in my uncle's cabin deep in the woods. I had no idea what I got myself into.
The Unnamed Rest Stop (part 1)
Looking for personal experience stories with terror!
Dare to disturb the moor!?
Dare to disturb the moor
Bipolar Disorder wears many faces, and so do I
A Newspaper Issue
I went hunting in Pennsylvania and the forest never seemed to end
It's Just a Nightmare...
My name is Frankie. I am already dead if you see this, you need to hide. Let me explain.
Looking for an old post RE: skinwalker
We Discovered a New Island in the Pacific Ocean. I'd Rather Die than Go Back There [Part 5]
Tainted Moonshine
We Discovered a New Island in the Pacific Ocean. I'd Rather Die than Go Back There [Epilogue]
Dream visitor from my childhood has returned
I found this really cool philosophy discord. They talk mostly about Stoic philosophy but also all philosophy, current events, and generally just chat. Lots of cool people who love philosophy and someone is always online. Thought I would share.
My dog is immortal, and we share a very special connection that defies scientific explanation
The Ghost of Christmas Future Won't Always Show You What You Want to See
I Hit Rock Bottom
The twisty man who lived in the hidden room.
My work is trying to drug me.
What Man Wasn’t Meant To Know (Part 9)
The Devil in the Badlands.
We’re stuck in a parallel dimension because of a detention
I Will Be The Last
I'm a conductor on a train that runs an unusual route; a ghost voyage, with no passengers... Tonight, however, there's someone on the train... (Part 7)
Never eat during the commercial breaks
He was in the shed...
He was in the shed...(this kinda sucks)
Sleep Abduction
Crime in the 70's, as told by my Dad
Sleep Abductin
The time I thought I was going to be kidnapped
Am I the asshole?
A Grandaughters Dream (Part 1)
Am I the asshole? (relationship advice)
it is coming.
House for sale. For NoSleepers only.
The metro experiment arc
Ten Thousand Red Eyes
The campfire
gun shots
I think I almost got jumped or worst but being polite saved my ass
A Swan Song for the Crackhead of Sixteenth Street
A Portal Made of Questionable Decisions (Part 4)
Hi I'm Legit supplier
Elurophobia- Fear of cats
Hi I'm Legit supplierThe Gaping Maw
The I Scream Man
The Chronicles of the Graveyard Management Team - Something got out and I chased it
Everyone in my village screams at the setting sun
A Portal Made of Questionable Decisions (Part 4 - Final)
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I'm working at hotel that is always full but with few guest. I have a odd list of rules to follow while working my shift. (Part 1)
Please Follow the Park Rules
The Man In The Pines
you can make your dreams come true
A weird story I was told as a child
The purple murderer
He was in the shed...(this kinda sucks but...)
I was on a campout and something was watching me
I Don't Quite Understand What Happened in The Woods?
There's something in my house... And i know why its here Part 2
There’s someone in the woods
The Woodland Stalker
When The Pigs Scream
My Spirits?
The Fine Gentleman
I’m a new actor at a Wild West model town. My first day involved a bank robbery.
I just went a day without sleepi g
I never thought the term ‘copycat’ was literal
At Cousin Hal's Bookstore, there's a backroom full of fucked up books. That's where I found a dog-eared copy of "How to Replace a Child."
My Sister Lottie
A Spider Bit Me But Didn’t Make Me Spiderman
My dead sister’s house has a copycat
The red case ritual [Part 1]
My family is being terrorized by a copycat
My Alien Experience
the music box
Our Eleusis
Bloody man in hotel stairwell - 3rd shift
The factory in town has been doing some shady stuff
I used to work in a psych ward there was only one prisoner we couldnt help
the music box
Camp Wanahee (Part 3)
Time isn't adding up.
Big guns
The Stranger (Part 1)
I paid to a witch to see how she turned into a horrible bird in Mexico.
I paid to a witch to see how she turned into a rare bird in Mexico.
Journeying into my mind
I used to be a biology student, what I created made me lose hope in living
You'll let them in
I am Frankie. And you are in danger.
My Interesting Airport Story
It was I who did it.
Pit: Book 1- Episode 1
I had a sleep paralysis hallucination, it took my roomate
Pit: Book 1-Episode 1
I bought a used car in perfect condition. However, there's a catch.
lately ive been having nightmares about a clown from my childhood.
Followed on a walk after the 4th of July
The Gaping Maw
Firm believer. Have a few good stories if anyone is keen on hearing. I'll start with an older one
Part one of two. My personal experience with a haunted house
Redeads.
The ReDeads (Ocarina of Time)
I'm interrogating an invincible man. He opened my eyes to a whole new world of terrors.
Stalker possibly or some troll, or ghost
I feel so uncomfortable
I'm on display at Mr. McCallister's Odditorium. Someone please, help me escape. (FINAL)
Tick, Tick, Tick
What I experienced during sleep paralysis wasn't a hallucination
Morning motivation?
How to Survive Camping: Senior Camp Rule #8 - don't make us throw you down the hill
WAKE UP
I'm working at a hotel that doesn't get many guest anymore. There's a set of disturbing and unusual rules. (Part 1)
My Life On G -Street
After Hours Vet Receptionist: The Falling Out of Open Minds
I think me and my friend opened a portal to hell
My Daughter Has Been Replaced But No One Else Knows... Help me. (Part 3)
I Guard High Profile Prisoners, but I couldn't guard this one from what hunted her
I inherited a house from my great-uncle, but something doesn't seem right. Final Part
If you stop reading this, I won't die.
My Daughter Has Been Replaced But No One Else knows... Help Me (Part 3)
There's something weird happening to the bodies in my town. PART I
Frame - The Fifth of July
The smiling man
The fireworks made the sky turn black
I am the former manager of hotel Pandemonium and I have a story to tell.
There's something weird happening to the bodies in my town. [Part I]
I thought I would utilise the lockdown to try and get in shape...
American girl dolls
Tales from Silver Oaks: ‘The Peaceful Hour’ - Part Five - Finale.
Stories from my Roommate
I'm working at a hotel that doesn't get many guest anymore. There's a set of disturbing and unusual rules. (Part 1 of 3)
I've been finding A LOT of dead animals lately
I'm a conductor on a train that runs an unusual route; a ghost voyage, with no passengers... Tonight, however, there's someone on the train... (Part 6)
I moved into this house about 10 years ago. Things have been kinda weird from the very beginning but lately I'm beginning to get scared for the first time.
Bumping Uglies: A Tale of Sex intro
Maybe the National Parks Aren't Just There to Preserve Nature - Yellowstone
Don't Sleep Downstairs
Journal
The bugs are mutating the life in my town. (Part 1)
If you see a help wanted sign for a kitchen in the middle of the desert, don’t apply.
Stories of the deep (1)
This town has a secret and it's served with rice.The haunting of the Corner Room.
Just another day in the ghetto
Daniel Huang Zoom Creepypasta
Daniel Huang Zoom (Creepypasta)
A man washed up on the shores of Connecticut
I’m the Only Survivor of My Family’s Car Crash: Now They Won’t Leave Me Alone
they say sleep paralysis is “all in your head” but i think... he is.
No ghost but a monster
I have a different kind of insomnia.
A Portal Made of Questionable Decisions (Part 3)
For a whole year I was a captive of unknown people, after 29 years I'm finally bringing my story to you.
No ghost but a monster
No ghost but a monster
We told scary stories around a bonfire. Then awful things started happening.
superstore
In the modern world, everything is bad with society
Racism is bad!
Can I make money online?
If you get this message while playing Roblox don't answer.
If you play ROBLOX and get sent this, whatever you do DON'T follow the steps.
I got 99 pot plants but a birch ain’t one.
Suicide runs in my family, but not in the way you’d expect.
Fell off the cliff while asleep
The haunting of the Corner Room.
The haunting of the Corner Room.
WE'RE TRAPPED
The holes in the roof of my mouth
A Swan Song for the Crackhead from Sixteenth Street
WE'RE TRAPPED !
My Father, who fought at the world's highest battlefield, once told me a story that shocked me to my core.
Dear Diary
WE'RE TRAPPED
WE'RE TRAPPED !
"They are watching me"
One year ago, they put up a wall around our town. It was the right thing to do.
I used to drive UBER in LA and I saw some weird things.
What if 2020 is the Trailer for 2021
One year ago, they put a up a blockage around our town. It was the right thing to do.
Remember me?
The thing in my house
On year ago, they put up a blockade around our town. It was the right thing to do.
He was gone for so long
07/05/2020 5:20 am
What do you guys think of this. just seen it pop up on news feed
There’s a monster in my ghetto and I’m running out of time
There's something in my house....and I know why its here
Lamp
The Night When All Was Lost
I have a condition where I can't recognize faces, I don't know if I will ever be able to trust anyone ever again.
A werewolf story
PIT: Book 2- Bastaln Day Part 1
What’ve I become?
A werewolf story
A werewolf story. Idk what to call it.
Letter from Pvt. Pyotr Avtukhov, a participant in the Battle of Husiatyn Woods
My name is Dakota Green, astronaut from year 2028, it's 2042 and Earth is gone.
White Lady
P.I.T. Book 2: Help wanted
Edgar is different.
The body man has my tongue.
I saw something watching me in the woods, it’s getting closer
My foster care adventures. The mental facility.
Steps of torture
Steps of torture
Video game horror.
Excerpt From Jeff Brdiges on a Bender Second part
The Great Debate
World's Best Pie
Her name is Alice, and she collects things
World's Best Pie
I’m staying at a resort for people who are taking time off their medication. I’m noticing some strange things going on – Part 8
About a year ago me and my husband had the scare of our life...
The smiling man
How long can i sleep?
The wind tried to warn me
Steps of torture
I will not sleep 72 hours
DO NOT SLEEP. Pt 1, the return home
I'm a conductor on a train that runs an unusual route; a ghost voyage, with no passengers... Tonight, however, there's someone on the train... (Part 5)
I Live in an Uncharted Country (Part 2)
Do Not Sleep. Pt 1 The Return Home
A man asked me to count his cows and my world forever changed
Not for profit debt forgiveness
The woman in the forest keeps calling out to me and my group of friends. It has happened multiple times now.
Wake Up
🇺🇸 🔞🔌💊 💯 🇬🇧. 🇹🇨. 🇪🇺. 🇨🇦 Medical marijuana store🔥🏝️📌 worldwide distribution🔥🔥🔥weed, coke, LSD, DMT, 💊💊💊💉🚬 Shrooms,edibles, cocaine, pills etc all available. Hit me on: Kik ID: 73sct Wickr me: Scottshawn Snapchat: scott_shawn20
Never Accept a Random Zoom Invitation
I can’t sleep with my bedroom door open because of a nightmare.
The Boy In The Black Hoodie
HELP ME STOP THIS LOOP!,
A ghostly experience
I dreamt of a ghost living in my dressing room for 3 consecutive nights.
My friends and I just wanted to shoot off some fireworks. We could never have known we would awaken something.
I Slept Next to a Month Old Dead Body (True Story)
I hear someone talking through my phone
My up stairs neighbors moved out this month, but I can still hear something walking around up there.
I Have A Curse
The thing in the mirror
Don’t Go Gently Into That Goodnight
Horror story: is it you?A Portal Made of Questionable Decisions (Part 2)
My power
Overnight camping: week 3
House
someone near the cabin
The Phantom Ape of Carew Castle
I lost my friend to a drunk driver. This is my story.
I lost my friend to a drunk driver. This is my story. (Part 1)
My friend is a goblin and the galaxy is a farm for soul
I lost my friend to a drunk driver. Here's my story.
The Poltergeist
The poltergeist
The Bus to Nowhere
My new flat has rules. Feel like this won’t be a pleasant experience.
As Bad As You Think
My new flat has some rules. Feel like this won't be a pleasant experience.
My new flat comes with rules. I can already feel this won’t be a pleasant experience.
My Father, who fought at the world's highest battlefield, once told me a story that shocked me to my core.
I own a boutique that offers full body transformations to customers in need of a new identity. [Final]
I lived with the devil. (sneak peek)
I hide in my closet every night, this is why.
I'm not sure what happened
The Mystery Of Old Town
knock knock tap tap
"I Keep Hearing Crying Outside?"
The Sound
Alexa, stop playing
Alexa, stop playing
I used to live in a haunted house for a year.
Crazy Experience when I was a Delivery Driver
Im Trapped in This Crazy Girls Bathroom.
After Hours Vet Receptionist: Say it louder for the people in the back!
The fat family
The fat family
Steps of torture
The only way to protect my house is by not protecting my house
Just another game night
Please help.
When I was 6 years old, I had a cat but no one knows where it came from.
some short horror stories
When the walls start moving
*monologue, before the actual story/list* Steps of torture. He’s 14. He was my bully in 5th grade. Now I have control over him, finally.
Should I drink when I’m stressed out?
I had one horrible day in the woods. I think I could have died.
No one believes me
i just wanna see how many up votes i can get
GNAW (part one)
The voice recording
I think something is watching me
The ringing bells keep me awake at night.
Don’t Go Gently Into That Goodnight
Something is outside and it wants to kill.
I don’t think I’m the last one in the office.
Something is in my neighborhood, and it wants to kill.
I don’t think I’m the last one in the office
I don’t think I’m the last person in the office.
Have you ever wondered what's inside a mausoleum?
Im something of a paranormal investigator
The Pandemic
Metalosis Necromaligna
Theres A Ghost Around My House.
I have seen smile.dog. It won't stop.
I'm a doctor who studies sleep, one of my patient's dreams doesn't make sense
I'm a doctor who studies sleep, one of my patient's dreams doesn't make sense.
A site without a URL, and its horrifying videos
I know that it might sound batshit crazy, but during a blackout at work, a coworker and I experienced something majorly bizarre...
White Lady
I’m Blonde Again
The Man on the Moon
Fear Is A Funny Thing - Final
anyone remember this game?
In the town where I grew up, we were told that if we heard a dog bark at night, it meant that someone was about to die. (Part 3)
Empty of Fullness
Empty of Fullness (revised)
How do I get my story idea to a good writer that can make something of it?
Haunted House
I feel that I'm being watched
I'm a police officer. I sometimes doubt that this even happened.
Surrounded in Darkness
Audio Log #1
Anxieties
I saw a black figure while alone at home
Fire on the mountain
I Live In an Uncharted Country (Part 1)
Polybious
I Live In an Uncharted Country (Chapter 1)
Has Anyone Ever Heard of the Crotch-Rot and Anal Annihilator Show? This is Why We Ended the Show
The whistelman
We Discovered a New Island in the Pacific Ocean. I'd Rather Die than Go Back There [Part 4]
It is your Birthday. You are calm.
The End
I think a kid tried to drown me at a party, and I think I almost died.
Road Rage
Scout Camp
My mom got robbed in her 20’s. True story.
Over and Over
Spirit of a plant ghost
This causes no sleep
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The monster that used to live under my bed was my big brother.There is no need to panic, Ma'am. The calls are to be ignored.
We went to explore an abandoned asylum, only to find out we weren’t the only people here. (Part 1)
I Live in an Uncharted Country. (Chapter 1)
When I was a kid, I had nightmares about a smiling man named Mister Trilby. I had all but forgotten them until my daughter mentioned a man standing outside her window last night.
I'm a conductor on a train that runs an unusual route; a ghost voyage, with no passengers... Tonight, however, there's someone on the train... (Part 4)
There was something wrong with this video game
I accidentally stumbled into a cult ritual
We Kidnapped A Girl For Ransom. I Still Regret It. PART 3
Never visit the abandoned radio tower.
The Face
The Face
A Portal Made of Questionable Decisions (Part 1)
This story is no-ghost
Suicide runs in my family, but not in the way you'd expect. [Part 1]
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Something weird is going on in my quarantine center.
I am from another world and I am posting this to warn you about something that can happen your world part 1
I finally looked under my bed
I thought my Demons were just my thoughts
How did I forget?
The Lady of The Moor : Part 1
The war?
I'm a former police officer. I have another unforgettable story to share.
I'm a former police officer. I have another story to share.
It watches me.
Porn ads are shady, but not in the way you think.
uhhhhhh
OK WTF
A man comes and stands unmoving outside my door every day. I don’t think I’m supposed to let him in.
I Put Up Security Cameras In My Apartment, I Come To Regret It
Fire on the mountain
The Boy in the Forest
My blinds are broken
Former Paramedic here to tell you about some seriously crazy shit that went down near the Mexican border
After Hours Vet Receptionist: Nerfed Out
Someone suggested I share my Randonaut experience here
Someone suggested I share my Randonaut story here
My friend took a flight to Australia, but I think she ended up somewhere else and might be in danger [5]
Madness
Someone suggested I share my Randonaut experience here
The Lady of The Moor : Part One
Hungry.. Hungry.. HUNGRY..
Do your eyes have little floaters? Do yours also do this?
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I'm a ranger at the most dangerous national park in America. Something is killing off campers. [Part 1]
I Think My New Roommate Is Slenderman
my town is haunted pt. 2
Starshot has returned
psychopompos
The Lady in Yellow
He lives in the moon
I Used To Be a Deep Sea Scientist
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Housesitting for my sister in her old ass house and her master bedroom light came on by itself...
Hi, I'm Lizzy Culligan, and I'm Stuck at an Evil Summer Camp.
Im part of a Militia that deals with the paranormal | pt. 1 |
We’ve Been Stuck in Belgium for Months - Now We Really Can’t Leave
Cancel culture killed my friend
Cancel culture killed my friend
My daughter has a new friend that I cannot meet
(Part 3) My great-aunt left me a note of rules and warnings. The trees have eyes but he has no mouth.
I'm part of a militia that deals with the paranormal | pt. 1 |
I'm on display at Mr. McCallister's Odditorium. Someone please, help me escape. (Part 4)
The thing that follows
Fear Is A Funny Thing - Final
An Internet Meme Attacked Me
An Internet Meme Violated Me
My Mom Has Been Gone For 4 Days
I Am A Mercenary For The Supernatural Who Almost Died On My First Mission
Lonely
I’m BB Boleyn - the world’s most famous rock star - and I’ve got the creepiest groupie ...
The couch
A Man I Never Met Followed Me Home From the Boardwalk.
There is something weird going on in my house.
Has Anybody Used the PhysKids App?
A few minutes later, the roof fell on his room. True story.
Stuck
In 2015 I entered a haunted maze with five of my best friends and only I came out. [Part 5]
How Does Copyright Work?
Tales from Silver Oaks: ‘The Peaceful Hour’ - Part Four
The Decimation of Mankind [Part 1]
Don’t ever play the mirror game called “Billy the Bouncing Butcher”.
This planet does not belong to us...
Cold.
The planet is not ours
Angel Creek
Trap Door
Our daughter went missing a year ago. Today we heard from her.
The Suicide Plant Experiments
My grandma died and passed down her cabin to my brother and me. Something horrible happened to my brother, and I think somebody's coming. somebody not from this world.
My neighbor murdered my dad. After searching his house following his arrest, I can't say I blame him.
The Multiverse Transferral Machine.
We Discovered a New Island in the Pacific Ocean. I'd Rather Die than Go Back There [Part 3]
Could I Come Home to Roost? [Part 1]
Monster
World simulation.
Farming can help you fight diseases. It cured my dead grandma Pt2
Reup with corrections and notes removed.
Farming can help you fight diseases. It cured my dead grandma Pt1
Second in a series. I've been here before...Charles
I checked into Hotel Zenith to win 1 million dollars and the fourth challenge messed me up good. [5]
I have the ability to touch objects, but only when the power is on in the attic.
What's the bad thing about being a pilot? Sometimes you can see death coming from miles away.
I bought a possessed clock and I don't know what to do.
I met my aunt the other day, she's been dead since I was a child
Let them kill you
Please someone give me advice. I need help and i dont know who else to ask
My Town Forgot How to Dream
World Serpent
The Sun Shines Only On My House
My brother has a knife
Time has a funny way of altering the one's convictions. Too bad it isn't always for the best.
My son &amp; I had the same dream
Words of Wisdom, Part 7
Silverbacks
thank you jeajamhacker for saving me from my cheating husband.
Bad Rabbit
May 2020 winners!
Udley - the app where you can get ANYTHING delivered
I've been here before...
There was something that came to me while I was swimming.
thank you jeajamhacker for saving me from my cheating husband.
Three quick facts before I tell you the story of my fiancé's death
UNTITLED
Let them kill you
Disney has a disturbing secret
There's a weird creature with yellow eyes stalking me, and he won't leave me alone. [PART 1]
Every night he cuts his face
The Red Eyed Beast - Part I
Staring In The Mirror Too Long
The absolute worst part about dating a Demon is having to meet your in-laws
They Called Her Scary Sherri
I didnt find something. Something found me.
The man behind the wall
A couple of Corrections
You’ve heard of hell, I bartended there for a night. Let me tell you, it wasn’t you think. Part 2
When I die I time travel.
The creepy corner room in my ancestral village home.
Stuck Here
You
Words to a Librarian: Part 4
I'm on display at Mr. McCallister's Odditorium. Someone please, help me escape. (Part 4)
Dream hopper part one.
There's nowhere to hide.
This isn’t how shrooms are supposed to work, is it?
Fortnite horror story. (OOO VERY SCAWY)
The Night Bees
The camping trip
Souls-like: Final Cycle
Last Week I Received a Weird Chain Letter From My Co-worker. I've Been Having Weird Dreams Ever Since.
My Doll's Skin Is Too Soft To Be Fake
GHOSTS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Folding Boxes At Midnight
Maybe the National Parks Aren't Just There to Preserve Nature - Shenandoah
I Decided to Solve a Case My Father Never Could, I Still Have a Hard Time Believing What Really Happened pt. 1.
I'm a conductor on a train that runs an unusual route; a ghost voyage, with no passengers... Tonight, however, there's someone on the train... (Part 3)
We're haunted by a ghost -- thousands of feet below the surface
I found a portal in my closet. It couldn’t have lead to a more awful place.
The Dreamer in the Gorge
I have been stuck in the hospital for three days now, with no end in sight
Scientist have made a groundbreaking discovery.
My lover keeps dying
I went to a Gay Conversion camp just to realized I was Trapped in a Cult (PART 1)
I was an angry piece of shit, then I found a book that cured me.
Why did they scream?
The mechanical beast
I was admitted to a Gay Conversion camp just to find my self trapped in a Cult (PART 1)
I found tapes my grandfather left behind, and this one’s about our neighbors in the sky.
What Mother Told Me - Ding Dong the Witch Is Dead - Part 1
Something is VERY wrong on this airplane... (PART 1)
The Nextdoor Neighbor
The End
P
I discover cryptids for a living, this is my story
RED EYE
New and improved posting guidelines!
I blasted soviet anthem earrape in class and nobody laughed...
Fly on a white tile wall
I Know I Locked the Door
There's a ghost in my apartment.. (Final)
There's a ghost in my apartment.. (Part 3 - Final)
My Horrifying Camping Experience
My work Zoom conferences are taking a sinister turn ...
The White Figure
I'm a conductor on a train that runs an unusual route; a ghost voyage, with no passengers... Tonight, however, there's someone on the train... (Part 3)
Stories of The Rag ( Teaser )
The Old Morrigan House
The Walmart Serial Killer
Don't look at the mirror
My Sister has had Tons of Boyfriends, and Now I Know Why
Don't look at the mirror (NSFW)
I'm a private investigator. Both halves of a couple hired me to spy on the other.
I participated in a dark web treasure hunt. It was a stupid-ass decision.
I drink animal souls. I am on the search for snow leopard blizzard energy.
PSA: Do NOT respond to PMs from xp_slowburnlit_dx
What the hell are Candle Cats?
We Discovered a New Island in the Pacific Ocean. I'd Rather Die than Go Back There [Part 2]
ISO POST PLZ HELP!!
My uncle's visits to our ancestral house turned out to be his worst nightmare...We Discovered a New Island in the Pacific Ocean. I'd Rather Die than Go Back There [Part 2]
I was a travelling salesman but this was my last trip
i thought my son was just imagining monsters. I was wrong
My uncle's visits to our ancestral house turned out to be his worst nightmare...
Things to do when affiliated with the Strangelove and Kraft Occult Museum: Attending a party
I thought my son was just imagining the monster monster. i was wrong.
Tales of a lonely security guard part 7: Deep
I AM GOD.
Now you can buy any game you WANT FOR THE CHEAPEST PRICES
I finally stopped running
My name is Hannah, Today is my first day at school.
The Bus To Nowhere
The Bus To Nowhere
A strange situation
Souls-like: Last Cycle
The silence before rest.
A man stands unmoving outside my door everyday.
I scuba diver once, now I will never scuba dive again..
Something strange is happening on my Girlfriend's Family's Farm [Part One]
My night shift part 1
I’m staying at a resort for people who are taking time off their medication. I’m noticing some strange things going on – Part 7
The Ache of One More Summer
Ernestine: A Dream
My After-school Bus Drive Didn't Take Me Home
my town is haunted pt. 1
My Girlfriend Got Lost playing the hooded man game. I don't think I can get her back (FINAL)
They used to call me the Cum Beast before the incident...
I found tapes my grandfather left behind. This one is about our neighbors: the lights in the sky.
I'm a scientist.
God-damn Ambrose Von Weber, Re-animator
My neighbor reanimated a woman
I beat up my High School bully almost to death.
Breakfast Time
The Scare Crow....
You've heard of hell, I bartended there for a night. Let me tell you, its not what you think. Part 2
Singed at a demons wedding
I'm Being Hunted by a Pack of Werewolves for Sport
Hide sleep run seek die live
GET OUT NOW!!! THE SIM IS COLLAPSING!
GET OUT KNOW!!! THE SIM IS COLLAPSING!
Hide found run die seek find
Every night he cuts his face
It all begins
We Kidnapped A Girl For Ransom. I Still Regret It. PART 3
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The monster that haunted me and my sister
I recently experienced something terrifying that I can't reasonably explain. I'm convinced that it wasn't a dream.
Ponytail Sugadha
You are my Sunshine.
There was an old lady apparition in my parents bedroom
I document the most horrifying places I've ever visited. Recently, I found the scariest of them all.
The Old Morrigan House
I document the most horrifying places I've ever visited. Recently, I found the scariest of them all.
I document the most horrifying places I've ever visited. Recently, I found the most disturbing of them all.
The Old Morrigan House
You think you know somebody . . .
I'm Being Hunted by a Pack of Werewolves for Sport
Killing Us Softly with His Tune: Part One
A man watches me in my sleep, If I wake up, he will get me...
I still don’t know to this day
The Tooth Fairy came to visit me last night, and she was not what I was expecting
The Face With Red Eyes
Impossible, how? How could this...I won't believe it.
My Town Forgot How to Dream
The Tooth Fairy came to visit me last night, and she was not what I was expecting
I woke up in the middle of the night. I heard something downstairs.
Some things to know about the 51st State [Part 2]
It's impossible. Just impossible.
I tried to create a sourdough starter. It did not go well.
I don't understand. It's impossible, impossible...
I thought I was done sleep walking
The mirror in my bedroom
Team no sleep
I thought I was done sleepwalking
The mirror in my bedroom
Screaming from the thunderclouds
A new job | Part 1
A new job | Part 1
The Witch of The Woods
He died. I’m beginning to think something else went on. [Part 2]
Impossible. I can't be blamed for that.
A new job.
You’ve heard of hell, I bartended there for a night. Let me tell you, it’s not what you think. Part 1
A very surreal thing happened at dinner last night. I don't think my life will ever be the same again.
I woke up in a school but, why can't I find my way out?
House in the woods....
I'm a conductor on a train that runs an unusual route; a ghost voyage, with no passengers... Tonight, however, there's someone on the train... (Part 2)
Operator what’s happening
There’s a reason no one takes the stairs where I work.
I couldn't sleep
A new job.
I couldn't sleep
we need to stope pretending
Chemical frog outside
Minecraft_Dec.EXE
if anny iisolateing is don
I went to a funeral today.
The Hotel Of Kings Page
[TW] I went to a funeral today.
The Sleeping Wanderer visits meThe Sleeping Wanderer visits me.
History are changed for a reason
I need to get this off my chest. I left a little girl to die, and I might do it again.
The Sleeping Wanderer
I returned to my old home after the death of my father, Things might not be as they seem. ( pt1)
A night in a gated neighborhood ( part 1 )
I have no where else to put a real thing that happened to me. But this’ll work.
Killer Queen
the royal blue letter {part two}
Long Way Back (Part 2)
My Most Terrifying Experience as a Lifeguard
Death can change a person
I Babysit a murderer.
“No one’s gonna find me.”
(Part 3) I inherited a Ouija board from my grandfather that supposedly grants wishes. I'm down to my last one.
the royal blue letter {part two}
I was a fraud fortune teller, but then I woke something ancient...
When the clock strikes 6 not a soul can be found on our streets
Post short stories that you would like me to read on my YouTube channel. Delete if not allowed.
Every Week, A Different Person Tries To Kill Me
The Whale
The Whale
The Tree
I discovered a new cryptid (part one)
The man in my window at the dead of night
I was a good fighter pilot--but apparently, not good enough.
I got into a stranger's car in the middle of the night. It was perhaps the safest decision I've ever made.
The Fighter Pilot - upon his own death approaching
I left my Mom alone on her deathbed.
Hsvw ejjj
I thought going to the cabin would help me get over her death. I was wrong.
We Discovered a New Island in the Pacific Ocean. I'd Rather Die than Go Back There [Part 1]
A disturbing occuence on a school trip
the royal blue letter {part two}
The Wicker Saga: Song of Joy, Part 15
Things to do when affiliated with the Strangelove and Kraft Occult Museum: My husband got a new tattoo
True story from a school trip
True story from a school trip.
The Creepy werewolf in my kitchen..
He who "crafts"
My friend took a flight to Australia, but I think she ended up somewhere else and might be in danger [4]
I thought the lake was beautiful until I I saw the truth
Aswang in the Countryside Part 2
I befriended a strange little girl at the park and it left me very confused...
The Seance
Every night I hear banging on the walls
Why I No Longer Look Out The Kitchen Window
The Message from the Alphabet Carpet
I left my Mom alone on her deathbed. Then, I started seeing the little girl.
The Creepy were wolf in my kitchen
The Creepy were wolf in my kitchen
My real story..
My Home Owners Association seems to be a little too passionate about enforcing its rules. [Final]
"demon summoning 101"
Birdie Graveyard, w/ unknown voice?
Birdie Graveyard (w/ unknown voice?)
All of the women in my family die at age 27. I made it to 28, but now I have to save my child.
Occurrences from my bullshit life
I Met a Monster...
Kayla’s Diary (PART 1)
It is never quite what they claimed, was it?
Ghosts Shit Too, I Suppose. (Part 1)
Something strange write me in tik-tok
Something want to scare me in tik-tok
The Hotel Of Kings Page
In 2015 I entered a haunted maze with five of my best friends and only I came out. [Part 4]
A hooded man on the highway told me things...horrible things
She took him from me.
This is not a joke
The Blood Haiku
I work at a hair salon and i got a wierd customer.
The Terror
I need to tell someone about what I found on the side of the road
Mr Meaty: Josh is now evil.
Can you ever outrun your nightmares?
The River
Something surreal happened at dinner last night. I don't think my life will ever be the same now.
The Good Die Badly : Part 3
The most surreal thing happened at dinner last night.
Someone offered me a pill that compresses all the pain I’ll ever experience into one second.
A story about a picture I made
Off Route 54
Where you lay your head
The summer night sleepover that still haunts my dreams.
ㅎ오
Last night was my first shift as a virtual nurse assistant. I already want to quit.
The Lightswitch
My roommate had kiddnaped me
Something surreal happened at dinner last night.
I met my doppelganger. I wish I hadn't..
Case-70121 Footage recovered by T.Hydrangea at a peculiar cabin through memory extraction from a corpse.
Red light green light
Our daughter went missing a year ago. Tonight we received a call from her.
Witch Hekeda [Part 2]
I don’t think I’m alone anymore
My dog is immortal and that fact almost got me killed
My dog is immortal and that almost got me killed [Trigger warning: Child abuse, torture, animal abuse]
I wish he just robbed me instead
I went on a strange Uber ride and almost got killed.
I ordered a book online, and it left me with a scaring memory.The Untethering
Jormungandr
My grandma died and passed down her cabin to my brother and me. Our father just showed up for the first time in years, and he has answers I can hardly believe
The ringing in my ears...
I Live in an Apartment Building for People in Supernatural Danger, Last night I had to Help my Roommate Fulfil her Deal with a Demon.
Something is Feeding on Me. I Need Advice, Please.
I shouldn't of turned the lights off. Now I'm trapped.
I don't need to be here.
Tales of a lonely security guard pt 6: town of horror
DO YOU REMEMBER THE WHITE AND RED ROOMS!
Freakin' Joey
The Tempus
DO YOU REMEMBER THE WHITE ROOMS WITH RED CARPET???
myself
I thought the lake was beautiful until it turned out otherwise..
Midnight Mirror
The Tempus
The lake was beautiful..before I saw..it
160 Sparrow Road
The Good Doctor
They found the cheerleader
My worst nightmare
My 11th grade chemistry class has 28 students. Our teacher is administering a test only 2 of us will survive. [Part 5] [Final]
I work at a Call Center that services the recently deceased. 6/26/2020 - 6/27/2020 -- Part 3
My wife and I are studying local “myths." We did some hands-on "research"
Encounter with creature in México
Battle of Two Trainers
My wife and I are studying local “myths” around our new home.
My friend has had nightmares frequently since she was 14 now 25
Step 1
gaami
Understanding Red Vines
My dog stares at window at 12 midnight
Long Way Back
I'm a conductor on a train that runs an unusual route; a ghost voyage, with no passengers... Tonight, however, there's someone on the train...
Strange things have happened to me my entire life. These are just a few of them. -#1 The Yawning Doorway.
the royal blue letter {part one}
New Aldron: The smiling hitchhiker
(Part 2) I inherited a Ouija board from my grandfather that supposedly grants wishes. I'm down to my last one.
In the town where I grew up, we were told that if we heard a dog bark at night, it meant that someone was about to die. (Part 2)
I work in strange kind of Hotel - here I tell you how the man with no eyes offered me a job
I’m a...different...kind of police officer. Other times, it’s the bigger things.
Pick what you want
the royal blue letter {part one}
My mom always told me not to answer the door for strangers. I wish I listened
BUY FACEBOOK ADS ACCOUNTS
Something Horrible Happened My Sophomore Year Part 2
The Obstacle in Our Path
Something Horrible Happened My Sophomore Year Continued
Daddy and Red
The demonic entity in my home
I found myself in the woods behind my home.
The Mysteries and Murders of Error Hill Road Part 6 Finale
the Greenwich Strikes Back (IV)
I don’t think I’m alone anymore
W _ _ P
I figured out how to make the ringing in my ears stop.
Someone or something is watching me
I Got Lost on the Appalachian Trail, and for a Moment I Went . . . Somewhere Else
The Mysteries and Murders of Error Hill Road part 6 finale
The Murders and Mysteries of Error Hill Road Part 6 finale
The Ghost at Wintler Farm
Clear Windows
There's A Clown Standing Outside my Window.
Tales from Silver Oaks: ‘The Peaceful Hour’ - Part Three
The Murders and Mysteries of Error Hill road (part 6 finale)
I Live in an Apartment Building for People in Supernatural Danger, Last night I had to Help my Roommate Fulfil her Deal with a Demon.
I became so thin I couldn’t walk
The Talking Copperhead
My Sex Doll is Malfunctioning
I'm the only one who knows
There's a Terrifying Bug in the New iPhone Update
Aswang in the Countryside
I’m a Lawyer and my former boss has asked me to take the stand against a dangerous corporation. Something terrible has happened to everyone that has ever testified against them.
Faces in the dark
The Snip
It Lives at Itasca State Park
Never break the oldest law in Humming Lake, CA.
Extremely short story of wtf
It Lives at Itasca State Park
Faces in the dark
My Neighbors are Satanists-Part 1
My Neighbors are Satanists-Part 1
My Home Owners Association seems to be a little too passionate about enforcing its rules. [Part 4]
I thought this would be kind of sexy, but it turned out to be shitty
NoSleep Interview with RichardSaxon!
Slender Chapter 2 - Back to the Forest
Days go by.
Why I don't sleep when I'm home alone
Disturbing hospital files (Part 1)
Nameless
I can’t begin to grasp at what I saw at 11 pm outside my curtains
The Last Dream
Something happened to my friend in that hallway
There is Something Wrong With The People In My Childhood Home Town. [Part 1]
My New Telescope Came With an Eerie Set of Rules...
today..i quit one war, just to start another
today....we did something we shouldnt have done
Through the Night
Don't know if this is allowed but I'm trying to find a old creepypastaI've been sacrificed to a Japanese spirit
I messed around with an Ouija Board. It changed my life...
Strange things have happened to me all my life. These are just a few of them.-#1 The Yawning Doorway.
Always check which subreddit you're on
The horrifying reason behind a starless night sky
anxiety + sleep
Through the Night
Water is rising up to my chin as I struggle to keep my head up.
I woke up inside a room. This room should not exist.
Always see what subreddit a post is in
There's something wrong with my brother
School Lockdown
My moms sister, Lisa.
They call me the milkman.
The Congo
Mr. Read's came to visit!!
The Old Ones
I will always love you.
How to Survive Camping: I got a horse
Wet
I never considered the gates might be closed
I Don't Need Help
Mr.Green
I'm an Air Marshal - This is my Plea for Help for Flight 802
Words to a Librarian Part 3
The Sailor’s Talisman - Strange Findings from The Archives
Some things to know about the 51st State [Part 1]
Nameless Part 1/3
Some things to know about the 51st State [Resident Shark]
My grandfather
Joobert.Inc
My wife has a removable face. I’ve never glimpsed what lies beneath it, but my best friend has.
Joobert
The Dream Trees
(Part 2) My great-aunt left me a note of rules and warnings. I have had the worst night of my life.
The Old Elementary School Playground
My friend took a flight to Australia, but I think she ended up somewhere else and might be in danger [3]
I'm a natutalist who studies and documemts every supernatural being out there in the world
The Good Die Badly: Part 2
He died. It wasn’t an accident. [Part 1]
The FEAR Test
I met myself.
My sleep paralysis demon might never leave me...
Do not go to Joobert.org
The Bigamist Soldier
Is anybody there?
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Route 27
As I struggle to properly mourn my deceased wife, she somehow returns to me...
Is anybody there?
i think all thees knew covid 19 numbers are made up
Maybe its real after all.
There's Something In My House
The Rules.
My grandma died and passed down her cabin to my brother and me. We've gone to the cave, where she told us to stay far away from. I think something's found us in here.
I Live in an Apartment Building for People in Supernatural Danger, Nobody Should Knock on Ms. Ariadne’s Door
The Day Hell Rose To Earth
Tales of a lonely security guard pt 5: A past revealed
Plenty of Cream
Gated neighborhood
Ascent From Insanity
My wife has a removable face. I’ve never glimpsed what lies beneath it, but my best friend has.
Ascent From Insanity
I'm A Death Coach
My friend took a flight to Australia, but I think she landed somewhere else and might be in danger [3]
School Lockdown
The authorities are hiding a new disease from us. People are turning {FINALE}
I set up a camera to record my pet lizard... and caught something horrifying instead - UPDATE
A new beginning-follow along
Working as an Aussie Bush Ranger Part 3: The Massacre
I inherited a house from my great-uncle, but something doesn't seem right. Part 3
Three little birdies. [2]
the true horror of open cams
I found tapes my grandfather left behind. This one's about the Babysitter's Club.
My 11th grade chemistry class has 28 students. Our teacher is administering a test only 2 of us will survive. [Part 4]
I found tapes my grandfather left behind. This one's about the Babysitter's Club.
A Night at the Grey Forest Cafe [Pt1]
A Night at the Grey Forest Diner (Part I)
"A man came into my shop today, that was his first mistake"
I can't outrun the wind (Final)
7 Miles to Salvation
My Dad Wasn’t the Best Person
I think I went on a date with a demon
I inherited a Ouija board from my grandfather that supposedly grants wishes. I'm down to my last one.
The Snip
my maladaptive mind playing tricks on me again//sleep paralysis//the time i watched myself sleep
Slowly disappearing from the world's perception, the victim's life ends with the entity sinking through them into the floor.
The Voices In Your Head
The Chamógelo
A "Glitch" in the Woods
I am pet sitting for my neighbors, and I think they are watching me
unety rhe horrur tale of wimpy of kid and the magic yeet
I am pet sitting for my neighbors, and I think they are watching me
The Rat Problem
That Presence
When The Guests Come
This morning I was a boy but tonight I am a man.
i will make sure you never sleep again by using emojis on reddit😈
Midnight Man
My Name Is HannahMe and my sister went to explore an abandoned apartment building and she saw something I didn't
Nameless
I checked into Hotel Zenith to win one million dollars and I just attended the strangest masked ball [4]
The berries are poisonous
Me and my friends were attacked in a forest
The modern hell
I played the Sims 5...I'm worried for the devs
In the town where I grew up, we were told that if we heard a dog bark at night, it meant that someone was about to die.
I'm College Student Studying Field Biology, I Think I've Something That Will End the World [Final]
Assuming my math is correct, I’ve died three times tonight.
I was attacked by something in the forest
Mr. Gleam, Mr. Gleam
My Home Owners Association seems to be a little too passionate about enforcing its rules. [Part 3]
This trip to Paris was a bit strange (Part 1 of the Intro)
The Standing man
Night Hag
Is there a no sleep type sub, but actually real?
MY CREEPY NEIGHBOUR
Every Small Town Has an Urban Legend...
Every Small Town Has An Urban Legend...
My watcher in the dark
The website
Interview with a Survivor
A Mail turned me against The Army Of The Guardian (Part 1)
A Mail turned me against The Army Of The Guardian (Part-1)
An Interview with a Survivor
My foster care adventures!
A mail turned me against The Army Of The Guardian. [Part-1]
I went to a Gay Conversion summer camp and realized I was trapped in a Cult
The Blind Beast
George carlin was right
I couldn’t understand what I was seeing. My right arm was just... gone, right where it met my shoulder.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
A few weeks ago, we moved into a new house. Last night, the old owners came home.
She's been watching me
Twenty-Six Years Ago Strange Things Were Happening At The Nursing Home I Worked At That I Still Can't Explain
I wish I'd never started working out
I'm stuck and I need help
The Red Star
The abyss looked at me
A Birthday Surprise
911 won't answer any calls tonight
My little brother got lost in the woods who came back was not him...
my dead grandmother came to check on my brother
The Old Man and the Flowers
I tried saving my girlfriend, she gave me scars that I’ll carry for a lifetime
The thing
My great-aunt left me a set of rules and warnings: Information.
That thing looking through the window
I think my puppet is playing with me. PART 2
Closet to Another Dimension.
The Neighbors Above
Brody West
Brody West
Brody West
-0
I spoke with a being once who told me something quite disturbing.
Think I could my soul by now a few nights back
Dont Let It Pop
The stranger by the bus stand
Someone Else Lives In My Body
The Gambler
Three little birdies. [1]
"Welcome To Hallows, The Most Haunted Town In The USA"
the haah
the haah
Bad things happen to people who double-cross me
I Opened My Sister's Photoshop Files
Through the Night
My friend took a flight to Australia, but I think she landed somewhere else and might be in danger [2]
I Live in an Apartment Building for People in Supernatural Danger, Last night I had to Help my Roommate Fulfil her Deal with a Demon.
Dog
(Part 5) My great-aunt left me a set of rules and warnings. There's a lady in the mirror now.
The Chisher Cat is real pt 1
Chuck E. Cheese
I bought a new personality from a witch. Now I just want my old one back.
The thing that follows me
The monsters inside of me wont go away
Fakes
foudn this unnerving cahnnel
Someone rang my doorbell at 3:33am after a long night of sleep paralysis but no one was there but I could hear them
Empty of Fullness
I had to take a new road home, and I regret my choice (part 1)
The doorbell rang at 3:33am but no was there.
I Am An Investigator For The Mortician's Network
Even in death, it remains true.
Missing child... Found?
have good time with me my skype=live:patrica_ayala21
I used to be sacred of storms (Part 3)
Alexa, stop farting
I can't outrun the wind (part 2)
My Downstairs Neighbors
My Daughter Has Been Replaced But No One Else knows... Help Me (Part 2)
The berry lady
I found tapes my grandfather left behind, and I don't think anybody was supposed to find them.
Pandora's box
My grandma died and passed down her cabin to my brother and me. We've gone to the one place she told us to never come near, and now we're trapped.
Wow!!! Now Young Mom Ellena Is Ok After Elleny Trying To Ask For Milk Ag...
Uncle Tommy
I found tapes my Grandfather left behind, and I don't think anybody was supposed to find them.Overnight camping: Week 2
The authorities are hiding a new disease from us. People are turning. {Pt 3}
My Wife's Face is Gone
Something crawled inside me in the night and I can't get it out.
There's a ghost in my apartment. I think the neighbours know more than they're saying.
The Good Die Badly
My Home Owners Association seems to be a little too passionate about enforcing its rules. [Part 2]
I Opened my Sister's Photoshop Files.
The Sewers
The Door At The Edge Of The Universe Part 1
There was a poltergeist living in my house Disclaimer: this is fiction
There Was A Poltergeist Living In My House
this world made me delete Minecraft
Something Is outside... And it’s not human.. Pt. 1
The Massachusetts Massacre of 1780
The itch
I woke up from a nightmare to an unknown number, the caller is looking for me.
Mammys little boy
I woke up to a phone call, the caller is still in my house looking for me.
The incident from my childhood that still haunts me at night.
Sometime's, it's okay to be left out.
My teacher was acting weird lately..
Birthday
I document the most horrifying places I've ever visited. This one is at the top of my list.
Mother Knows Best
The Girl Gone Wrong
The Summoning of Lorenza Caprillo.
I went on a camping trip with my friends and am noticing some weird stuff
In sociology class I failed an exam based on my life
Nobody believes me when I tell them that’s not my real wife.
Clown Chase
Discovering Red Vines
I run a museum of cursed objects. Something bad happened.
Clown chase
A meetup at a Mansion
I've been signed up for the weirdest camp in the world [2]
I didn't believe about this until it happened to me.
there was a poltergeist living in my house and he killed me (fictional)
No, this is Patrick
Spookyplayer9237
Bob
I Can't Sleep.
I Explored An Abandoned Cave As A Kid
I just got back from a cruise that tried to kill me
Lovers of the woods
Bob
Point me to your local midwife
A new home
The Untethering
My wife is going crazy! (Part 1)
Point me to your local midwife
Looking for an episode story!!!
I don’t have a good feeling about this party.
Don’t go south
Roadkill for souper
I'm trapped in an abandoned neighborhood, and I'm losing myself (Pt. 4)
Professor M (Short Film) inspired by r/nosleep writer Griffin Doyle's "Snuff Film 101"
The Time I Was Almost Abducted Because I Had Wanted Donuts
Why i'll never accept a job from new orleans again
This is a Confession to the Murder or Matthew Vincent
Ikizukuri - One
Ikizukuri - One
Lool
I think my condition saved my life...
Stalked by something in the woods while on Randonautica. Our z score was almost -5
Doing worrisome things in my sleep
Don’t ever steal from the mob – Final
I’m staying at a resort for people who are taking time off their medication. I’m noticing some strange things going on – Part 6
Doing strange things in my sleep
"The Cats Keep Us Safe" - Strange Findings from The Archives
I work security at Disney World... well, I mean I did.
I've died seventeen times, and I'm sick of it.
In 2015 I entered a haunted maze with five of my best friends and only I came out. [Part 3]
Failed Vaccine
My Summer as A Security Guard for A Disturbing Carnival - Part 2 - Friday Night
A Scarlet Bus
In 2015 I entered a haunted maze with five of my best friends and only I came out. [Part 3 - The Viny Gate]
Frame - Strolling Sally
My cat meows at night...
Starting a Narration YT Channel
I played a game of 'Never Have I Ever' that I Never should have played. [Final]
The Phantom Ape of Carew Castle
The Void in the Delacroix Hotel
I'm on the Highway to Hell.
Until Recently, I've Envied You, Humanity
The Figure In My Mind, My Sweet Angel
The Figure In My Mind, My Angel
I should’ve never downloaded that damn walkie talkie app...
I keep seeing a dead girl on the train.
Quick Police Stiry
Stuck in a Hospital
Sam - the impossibly long man who almost gave me a heart attack
My friend took a flight to Australia, but I think she landed somewhere else and might be in danger
How Do You Like Your Coffee?
Squidwards last stand
My friend has been playing a nasty trick on me... or at least I thought so.
The haunted Tails Doll
Sharow's curse
I’m a professional dimensional dispatcher. My ex-partner is trying to kill me
My dog"Welcome To Hallows, The Most Haunted Town In The USA"
Nacked With Me
Is /nosleep like a subreddit for people to just a practice writing stories?
I set up a camera to record my pet lizard... and caught something horrifying instead.
I set up a camera to record my pet lizard... and caught something horrifying instead.
The Missing Friend
The Summoning of Lorenza Caprillo.
Please avoid the desert!
Something in Blue Mountain is hunting children [5]
i thought he was dead
Eyes on You Part 2
Exchange
The numbers people
What My Mother Told Me - Ding Dong the Witch is Dead - Part One
Kicked out of my house so I bought an RV. Something else lives here with me. Part 1.
The Shushing Corpse
The Lake
Yesterday, I was a man. Today, I'm a woman.
Lump in my Throat
In the Face of Pain There are No Heroes
i hate falling asleep.
What lurks beyond the trenches of the Somme
I can't outrun the wind (part 1)
Slow Footsteps at Night
i hate falling asleep.
I vowed to love my husband for a lifetime, so I invited his mistress for tea.
weirdest/ strangest experience in my life
My future father-in-law is a walking corpse pt2
weirdest/strangest experience in my life
weirdest/strangest experience in my life
My Home Owners Association seems to be a little too passionate about enforcing its rules.
A record of lucid dreaming
the strangest/weirdest experience in my life
I think my puppet is playing with me. PART 1
3am sleep paralysis
3am Sleep Paralysis Experience
I met a stringed creature in the forest and now I'm forgetting myself
A Conversation With Our Creator
I'm not sleeping without having my phone near again
Strange work as a forester
I document the most horrifying places I've ever visited. This one is at the top of my list.
How To Survive The Afterlife: Of Course The Settlement Had a Cult
Knowledge is Power, Knowing is Torture
Something’s in the Closet
Something’s In The Closet
What is at the end of creation?
End Of An Era
Im stuck at exactly 5:03 A.M and i dont know why or how.
I found a statue in the woods, now it haunts my dreams. (part 3)
Can someone explain what id happening to us? We haven't slept since it happened...
I spoke with a strange man who told me something very disturbing.
Can someone explain what is happening to us?
I saw a version of the movie CATS. It was not what I was led to believe.
Just One Photograph
Missing Paul
Everyday, I walk my dogs in the graveyard late at night, and I need help explaining what I’ve been seeing
I walk my dogs in graveyard late every night.
Paranormal Activity in my House
My Girlfriend isn’t who she says she is. She’s a Fallen Angel and Hitwman for the Underworld. She Drinks Demon’s Blood to Survive (PART TWO)
I hear them at night...
"GET OUT OF HERE!" His wife and children screamed from the window. "WE DON'T WANT YOU HERE ANYMORE!"
My Girlfriend isn’t who she says she is (She’s a fallen angel and hitwman for the underworld. She drinks demon’s blood to survive)
My Mothers House
I found someone hiding in my backyard. He told me something very disturbing, and I'll never see our world the same way again.
I found a man hiding in my backyard. He told me something truly disturbing, and I'll never be able to look at the world the same.
The Perfect Band
I ordered a steak, now my life is ruined
I see things in the woods and I'm afraid to tell anybody.
I experienced true perfection...
The Walking hell 1-Give in
we found a portal to a world where homo sapiens never evolved part 3/3
I experienced true perfection...
The Jumping Spider
We don't lie
The Waking Hell 1 - Give in
Failed vaccine
Not a story just a comment
I Work as an Animal Control Officer for a Small Town, and I Think it's Time to Find a New Job
We found a portal to a portal to a world where homo sapiens never evolved part we saw what the world became without us. it shocked us part 3/3
"Welcome To Hallows!"
11.23.2020
The Phantom Bus
The Moth and me
The Teachers at My School are Disappearing, Now I Know Why
The Painting At The End Of The Hallway
A world traveler went missing in the mountains near my town. Don’t try to find her no matter how much they offer
Don’t ever steal from the mob – Part 2
The Otherworld War: Scorched Earth (Part 1)
Let's Be Friends
11.23.2020
The thing beneath Lake Lawtonka...
Third Eye Adventures Pt.2
SHATTERED
Tales from Silver Oaks: ‘The Peaceful Hour’ - Part Two
Montauk
I heard a strange noise in my backyard last night. There was a man there who told me a very disturbing fact about our world.
The Theory (part 1)
I Decided to Take a Summer Job with a Friend as Security at a Carnival - There's a Special Ticket for The Wicked.
My eighteenth birthday is tomorrow, Help!
In 2015 I entered a haunted maze with five of my best friends and only I came out. [Part 2]The Corpse
I played a game of 'Never Have I Ever' that I Never should have played. [part 3]
18 Months To Go
Why do people here talk like these are real in the comments?
My friend stole more than he bargained for (Part 1)
A Creature With My Mother's Face - Part 1
SHATTERED
Why I Stopped Breaking Into Houses
Lost in the woods
Big Bird
JAB-76842-11
I Went Missing For Five Weeks and I Don't Remember Any Of It
Each time my daughter wails, there's a death in the family. Recently, she wailed my name, and I'm terrified.
Big Bird
My friend stole more than he bargained for. (1/3)
I saw a version of the movie CATS. It was not what I was led to believe.
I'm spending the summer with my grandparents, nothing is right here.
I'm spending the summer with my grandparents, nothing is right here.
Endless Deep
Tomorrow is my eighteenth birthday, HELP
My mom was almost raped.
Endless Deep (amended)
Mr Darangay
My mom was almost raped
I hunt down the worlds demons
My mom was most likely almost raped
The Time I Saw A Shadow Figure In My Window!!
I woke up in a strange and dark desert. A monument to worms and the void.
My mom was almost raped
I thought I was going to a Regular meeting, I never thought this would happen...
I checked into Hotel Zenith to win one million dollars – Enjoy your lunch, Mr. Richardson! [3]
The Book in the Graveyard
The Ouija Board
The reoccuring man
I'm playing a game called Smile but nobody taught me the rules [Final]
Into The Doll House
Sewer Gators Bait Shop Stories
Alexa stop farting
My Daddy and His Ghost
Stixenstones
AnonPaste - The Ultimate Secure Pastebin by Anonymous
Nocturnal Animal
How To Summon A Demon
To summon a Devil
Someone is sending me cryptic messages through my Playstation
I used to be scared of storms (Part 2)
There’s something under Lake Lawtonka that I still can’t explain...
'I am staying a friend's house for the first time, can't help but feeling uneasy.'
The Witch's Diary (Part 1)
Why my father stopped camping
She came, she went, she took part of me with her
As seen through stalkers eyes
Upgrade
I'm a psychiatric doctor for the Navy, and I was gifted a box by my Great Grandfather's will.
“I am staying at a friend’s house for the first time, can’t help but feeling uneasy.” (Pilot)
What Happened? Where am I? (Child abuse and Animal Abuse)
so I was staying at a hotel the other day
My dad keeps a lock on his closet door. I will never be able to close it again.
Tales of a lonely security guard part 4: He who follows
My Girlfriend Isn’t Who She Says She Is (She’s a fallen angel and hitwman for the underworld. She drinks demon’s blood to survive) PART TWO
Selective Paradise
There's a ghost in my apartment. I should have read the fine print on my lease..
Tip #3: Breathe in. Hold. Breathe out.
A spider crawled into my ear one year ago
I got a job at a toy store; this is what happened to me...
I got a job at a toy store; this is what happened to me...
Scratch Scratch Scratch
The reoccuring man
The reoccuring man. (Den återkommande mannen)
I know things. By things I mean that I know the future. Part Four
My son has no mouth and yet he must eat
My son has no mouth and yet he must eat
Ignore her,forget her
my weird mind
my weird mind
The Reoccuring man
Number 3: Breathe in. Hold. Breathe out.
The highway will provide. I just needed a quick nap.
I heard a strange noise in my backyard last night. There was a man there who told me a very disturbing fact about our world.
Something is eating your memories every night. It's my job to remind you, and I won't stop until you escape. PART 372
Something is eating your memories every night. It's my job to remind you, and I won't stop until you escape. (PART 372)
Tales of a lonely security guard part 4: He who follows
Somethingis eating your memories every night. It's my job to remind you, and I won't stop until you escape. PART 372
Something is eating your memories every night. It's my job to remind you, and I won't stop until you escape. (PART 372)
Something out there is eating your memories every night. It's my job to remind you, and I won't stop until you escape. (PART 372)
I bought a new house, I think the previous owner left me a warning
My Girlfriend Got Lost Playing The Hooded Man Ritual. I Went To Get Her Back
The storming night that ended my existence.
I’ve Been Having This Dream About School...
I heard a strange noise in my backyard last night. There was a man there who told me a very disturbing fact about our world.
Showering at Night: A Guide
I heard a strange noise in my backyard last night and checked it out. I found a man there, and he told me a very disturbing fact about our world.
Endless Deep
My most terrifying hunt as a cryptid hunter
I need help.
Rainy nights.
I Don't Like Making Breakfast
Somebody Will Die Where I Will Live
I hunt the monsters of this world
ImaginhtesI thought I found my sister sleepwalking.
There’s a secret part of the funeral industry that nobody else knows about
Imaginhtes
Imaginhtes
Dementia
The House On The Haunted Path
I've been saving my best friend's life every day for the past week, killing his family members in the process
When your Childhood Games Turn Deadly, It's Time to Run
Not a story just a side note
Free At Last
Just a question not a story
I heard a strange noise in my backyard at night and checked it out. Someone was there, and he told me a very disturbing fact about our world.
Kiss-kiss, Jolly Jo
Lovecraft In-Law
Koreena
I stumbled in the backrooms
I heard a strange noise in my backyard at night and checked it out. Someone was there, and he told me a very disturbing fact.
The Arkansas Dirt Road
I have met the Hundred Eyed God (FINALE)
Imaginhtes
Free At Last
The Ravenwood Plaza
The Book in the Graveyard
We got stuck in Arkansas
The book in the graveyard
I work at a Call Center that services the recently deceased -- 6/23/2020 (Part 2)
We got stuck in Arkansas
Don’t ever steal from the mob.
I never noticed so much about my dreams until I began lucid sleeping. But now they've noticed me back.
The north korean
An Impious Reunion
The scratching
The thing is here
The midnight man
Tales from Silver Oaks: ‘The Peaceful Hour’ - Part One
My Nana used to tell me these amazing stories, little did I know they were all true.
My 11th grade chemistry class has 28 students. Our teacher is administering a test only 2 of us will survive. [Part 3]
The midnight man
My Girlfriend Miranda Is Not Who She Says She Is
My Girlfriend Miranda Is Not Who She Says She Is
Katie Flowers
Katie Flowers
"SAMOSBOR"
POLICE NEED HELP FINDING MISSING TEENS IN CLACKAMAS COUNTY
A frayed knot
Antrum
Mr. Whippy
I want to sleep, and not wake up
Return To The Dark
&lt;&lt;attachment-401-210-22&gt;&gt;
There here
Going to the Doctor is Such a Headache
Knock knock
Don't let anyone EVER book a hotel for you
I Don’t Think I Killed Myself
My heart's desire
"SAMOSBOR"
Lovecraft In-Laws
The Harvest of the Wolf.
I got my dog a new collar. It was the worst decision I ever made.
If The Belmont Hotel finds you, keep driving
I’m from the future. Please, don’t go to Mars.
I've been working as a park ranger for 15 years and I've seen some strange things #2
I’m from the future. Do yourselves a favor and don’t go to Mars.(Repost)
I got my dog a new collar. It was the worst decision I ever made.
I’m from the future. Please, don’t go to Mars
I work at a call center that services the recently deceased - 6/22/2020 (Part 1)
Don’t go in the big room after 3am
I found a secret room in a McDonalds, I'm still recovering to this day.
Sunshine Academy
I found a box of cassettes at a Swap Meet, I regret listening to them
Sewer Gators Bait Shop Stories
I heard strange clicks at night. I live alone
Here's my first horror story called "Sunshine Academy". I had a few inspirations making it
Chateau de Noisy
Here's my first story, i had a few inspirations making it.
Good boy, Leo.
Dead memories
The body in the street
Does anyone from Pine Creek, VT remember the Werewolf Game?
There's This Painting... 2
I took a temp job cleaning ‘neckbeard nests’. I found something. I think I’ve made the worst mistake of my life.
The Mysterious Disappearance of Samantha Moore (Part 2)
[attachment-401-210-22]
Are there actuallly any other stories apart from Borrasca, Penpal, or the Left/Right Game? Please help. Please.
I wasn't supposed to see the Faceless Man.
My dad keeps a lock on his closet door. If I have a son when I grow up, I’ll put two locks on mine.
I think she's possessed.
Tales of a lonely security guard pt 3: he who hides
I'm a hospital nurse. I found out why no one can ever sleep in room 14..
A huge storm swept through my town two weeks ago. It never stopped raining.
My boss wanted to know how they drowned
My boss gave me some rules to follow but I made a mistake.
I’m staying at a resort for people who are taking time off their medication. I’m noticing some strange things going on – Part 5
I Keep Finding Blood Everywhere
The creepy woman
I Keep Finding Blood Everywhere
I've got a new dog...
Strangers in the Corn
My brother was the tutor to a brat. Suddenly, the kid's behavior changed.My brother was the tutor to a brat. Suddenly, he changed.
HATRED OF THE YOUNG
Friends in High Places
As a child, three beings left space altering scorch marks on the field where I played. Fifteen years later and they're back and picking us off one by one.
HATRED OF THE YOUNG
My friend and I broke into an abandoned house, and everyone should be warned about what we found inside.
The Caller
I Keep Hearing The Voices Of Demons... Except... They Were An Evil Force That I Had Created...
My Daughter’s Mermaid Party (part 1):
Why nobody can go into the shed
phone charger
Keeping it extremely brief.
My childhood TV show was darker than I thought...
I'm a Hospice Caregiver.
Your Call
Timebomb: The Deadlands I
Lol you get debjated
The Perfect Match
My most terrifying hunt as a Cryptid Hunter
I think I might be allergic to spiders
An Unseen Cat Was Following Us
Help?
The Perfect Match
The Appalachian Trail
My expedition into the Smokey Mountains
I am trying to write a story that i want to animate on my channel
How to Survive Camping: hateful blood
I think I might be allergic to spiders
I Think my Son's Pen Pal is Responsible for His Disappearance
I found my twin sister, now I don't know how much longer I have left to live.
The Watcher
There's This Painting...
The Wardwray Hotel
Like father like daughter
The Mansion in the Woods - R. Dey
Don't pick the light blue flowers
I’m a Cryptid Hunter and my recent mission took me to Nahanni Valley
The Killers Inside and Outside | Part One |Alex’s POV
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Toothache
The Scariest Thing I’ve Woken Up To
I witnessed a car crash and didn’t call for help
My Son was Matched with the most Horrible Pen Pal
I played a game of 'Never Have I Ever' that I Never should have played. [part 2]
My Thoughts by Erin Donovan
The Boil!
Amá and the Skinwalkers
Why does my TV keep turning on at night?
The Magician
i never stay home alone again
Tales from Silver Oaks: ‘The Peaceful Hour’ - Part Two
There is a beast that guards the dream realm.
the apartment drifter
My 11th grade chemistry class has 28 students. Our teacher is administering a test only 2 of us will survive. [Part 2]
I found a pit to an alternate reality in my basement
Voices ¿
A Simple Encounter
Grandpa’s Cabin
A Murderer Broke Into My House
A strange thing happened to me on eBay today. ( 1 )
The Realms of Choice and Chance
A strange thing happened to me on eBay today.
What are you doing here?
Don’t say oui to a ouija board
Tales of a lonely security guard pt 3: he who hides
Sweet Dreams
It happened so suddenly...Im still trying to process what had just happended
I awoke in a strange room and im trying to remember.
Some slippers aren't all they're cracked up to be
I’m a Crytid Hunter and my last mission was in Nahanni Valley
When he died, he contacted me exactly the way he said he would.
I Think I Helped Build a Murderer’s Dungeon
A Can of Spaghettios Followed Me Home
The Wave
I bought a second-hand calendar and I’m scared it’s predicting the future.
Mama Said (Part Two)
Have you ever encountered the shadow people?
Mama Said (Part Two)
I'm playing a game called Smile but nobody taught me the rules [5]
I was the Commanding Officer of a Special Operations Task Force. We pray for our souls once a week, but not to any God you know.
I Remember The Imaginary Friends I Had When I Was Younger. They Want To Be Friends With Me Again.
It just feels right.....
I've been working as a park ranger for 15 years and I've seen some strange things #2
Someone cuddling you in an empty house (I live alone) isn't as warm as one'd imagine
Chirping in the early morning
I don't know if my little sister is okay.
Tree creature story
There is no Light in Heaven
The girls in my town are disappearing and I need to put a stop to it.
the client - part 2
Made With Extra Love
what will you do when there's blood in the water?
My Thoughts By Erin Donovan
I Hunt Reverse Vampires: Figure Eight Strike
I haven’t been feeling like myself lately, I figured out why (creepypasta)
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I can't sleep.
Atonement
Me and my friends played a game in the woods called Grandma Sammy, we shouldn’t have.
The Pickaxe Men At Our CampsiteI walked into the woods on Saturday. By Monday, I couldn’t walk.
The Pickaxe Men At The Campsite
My nightmare is real.
The girls in my town and turning up dead and I need to put a stop to it.
Breaking into Heaven
Alright hold it N just SLEEP++
I used to be scared of storms (Part 1)
The Wave
L’appel du vide
Crossing the First Threshold or "How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Zip"
Scratch Scratch Scratch
Knock Knock Knock
I just had a nightmare, but I’m awake. Is this a dream?
Tales from Silver Oaks: ‘The Peaceful Hour’ - Part Two
For Her
For Her
The scariest link ever
Tales of a lonely security guard pt 2: He who watches
Tales of a lonely security guard: He who watches pt 2
3 Reasons Why I'm No Longer a Motel Maid
3 Reasons Why I Am No Longer a Motel Maid
3 Reasons Why I'm No Longer a Motel Maid
What is the it...?
Scary Story Currently Happening
I am a homicide detective and my latest case might just drive me insane.
Who are you talking to?
Before The Hunt [Part 1]
My girlfriend brought home a wicker basket she found in the street. Somethings come home with it. Something wants it back.
Nightmares
I now live only to run away from him.
If you hear a strange noise outside your window after returning from the shopping center at night, then you're in serious danger.
نداء الوطن - تركيا تتحدى مصر في ليبيا
I'm trapped in an abandoned neighborhood, and there's no escaping (Pt. 3)
See you soon. Kiss-kiss, Jolly Jo
In-house Sweets
I watched a cursed youtube video, someone help me
I'm trapped in an abandoned neighborhood, and there's no escaping. (Pt. 3)
I'm trapped in an abandoned neighborhood, and there's something lurking here
Tired
I'm never going to my local shopping center at night again.
Can I share my collection of UAP sightings here?
Me and My friends were playing, till we come across a monster...
What Roams in Blackwood
I just had to share this.
Why I'm afraid of my own shadow
Bulbloom Mall's basement escalator
The chronicles of the Graveyard Management Team - That time I had to play Poker for my soul
Her screams
Skin Walkers on the reservation, 4 Corners area
A man opens his eyes in the middle of his autopsy while the coroner is holding his heart.
My spirit companion and I hunt monsters. Here's how it all started.
Never had a nightmare while sleeping
i know this is long but god please read it. does anybody know anything about the sun people?!
i know this is long but please god read it. does anybody know anything about sun people?!
Are You Afraid Of The Dark?
There’s a strange black coyote causing chaos on my farm.
i know this is long but god please read this. does anybody know anything about the sun people?!
Does anyone know a vet? My dog is acting really strange...
https://youtu.be/bQrLC12A9XM
I Found My Friend After 24 Years of Searching
I inherited a house from my great-uncle, but something doesn't seem right. Part 2
My brother has been having the weirdest night terrors recently.
I’m rotting from the inside
My Dad Disappeared
The Place
i hate my school now
The Place
If you hear a lullaby at your nightshift, RUN
If you hear a lullaby at your nightshift, RUN
i will never trust my school again
Normal Town..... my first ever creepypasta
C0nSp1rA-SEE r3vA1aT10ns
My grandmother passed down her cabin to my brother and me. I've done something unforgivable, and now I don't feel so well. I feel like I'm losing control.
Something in Blue Mountain is hunting children [4]
Anyone know this sound effect?
The Rivers' Murders
Edibles
Frame - Something I Couldn't Kill
Toenail
The previous tenant left a survival guide. This building will never be short of surprises.
my house rules
The Devil's Highway
The Girl in the Gown
Working as an Aussie Bush Ranger: The Radiation Pit
I don't know if my little sister is okay
I think i need help?
The past three years of my life is not what I though it was. Part 2
Five for Them
Camp Wanahee Part 2
Normal Town...... my first ever creepypasta
I Learned What I'm Worth
Normal Town..... my first ever creepypasta
Normal Town....my first ever creepypasta
I played a game of 'Never Have I Ever' that I Never should have played.
My mother runs a B&amp;B where the Fair Folk come to throw terrifying parties on Midsummer Night
The Hunt has begun [Part 1]
Normal Town
My 11th grade chemistry class has 28 students. Our teacher is administering a test only 2 of us will survive. [Part 1]
Normal Town
Strange faces under LockdownTales from Silver Oaks: ‘The Peaceful Hour’ - Part One
Guy standing outside my window at night
The bride wore red
Sleep
I'm a police officer and this is the strangest case I've ever worked
I forced myself to eat cereal with water
Where it all began... [ part 1 ]
Where it all began... ( Ep.1 )
The story of my Grandfather [Part I] February - April
The story of my Grandfather [Part I: February - April]
I'm about to go to jail because my dreams killed my boss.
Something's Built a Nest in My Childhood Home
A Small Notice To The Populace of Simulation 1256.
Shadow People, Part 1
i need submissions for a book
Hiding Places
L’appel du vide
I have a beautiful friend.
I killed a coyote--but it wouldn't die. It wouldn't leave, either.
Homemade
I've been dragged back at the place I used to work at but quit because of the rules. (Pt. 2)
It's not as it seems
I've accepted that I may be one day murdered.
Don't Turn Around
I've been dragged back at the place I used to work at but quit because of the rules. (Pt. II)
I helped animals ever since i was twelve years-old. Last week, they helped me.
I ate butterflies.
Homemade
Homemade
The Hundred Eyed God's Bone Spire
An open letter to my girlfriend.
Mama Said
I can bet, with spyexpert0@gmail.com you don't need a CCTV in your house for any reason
The Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline has declared bankruptcy
I stopped working at the airport because....
I Awoke To The Worst Experience Of My Life, And It Will Never Be The Same
A Note from John Harris, Survivor of the RMS Titanic
Writing in the thirdworld
I'm A College Student Studying Field Biology, I Think I've Found Something That Will End the World [Part 2]
I don't know why I was locked in a cave.
My dad keeps a lock on his closet door. What I found behind it changed my family forever.
I'm A College Student Studying Field Biology, I Think I've Found Something That Will End the World [Part 2]
Strange masked men from an endless boat locked me in a cave please send help
An ultra-wealthy neighborhood hired me to look after their empty houses during the winter. I think I’m supposed to ignore the screams.
I'm College Student Studying Field Biology, I Think I've Found Something That Will End the World [Part 2]
Discovering the real me
I’m the winter caretaker for an ultra-wealthy neighborhood. I'm starting to hear screams from the Mayberry House.
Theres a hole in my living room and there's something inside it
The man on the moon
I spent a night with a Serial Killer
Something isn’t right about the truck stop across from the BlueTop hotel
My girlfriend brought home a wicker basket she found in the street. Somethings come home with it. Something wants it back.
Some dreams are not meant to be shared.
The Nail-Clipper That Bites Back
My REAL ghost incounters
The Amaranthine Report - JOSS 2
The Coyote, the Shoshone, and the message they brought me.
I broke into an abandoned house, and what I found inside wasn’t human.
Giant toad
My brother is creepy
I got a message from a coyote, but I don't think it's from this world.
Their out there
The Midday Game
When I broke into an abandoned house, I found something inside that I don't think was human.
Im Never Going Back to Disney World!
If you see a house with red gates, turn around and run. Don't look back.
I'm trapped in an abandoned neighborhood, and there's something lurking here (Pt. 2)
Tales of a lonely security guard: the hanging tree
I dialled a wrong number the day that my daughter died.
Don't Open You're Eyes
This creepy baby doll keeps smiling at me.
I bought a painting from the thrift.
The best Christmas ever turned into my worst nightmare
Waterborne
I've been signed up for the weirdest camp in the world.
My friend saved me, now I have to kill him (Part 2)
My Grandfather was a Paranormal Debunker, and his Last Investigation Killed Him
Kashiwazaki, Japan. Fraction 1.
Kashiwazaki, Japan. (Fraction1)
An app called CreepyPasta
(Part 1) The Shadows Walk: Henry
Something happened outside my house,where is my family?
I’m a Private Detective and I think I just worked my last case
I feel like I'm dreaming. I'm terrified.
I've fallen in love with my co-worker. I intend to follow her home.
I feel like im in sleep paralysis. I'm not.
It was a nice dream, BUT I lost control please let me say Goodbye💙❤️🤍
Creepy Pedophile Ghost
My friends are disappearing and I haven’t been able to find them since.
It Was a nice dream living in this stimulation,but I will wake up now and get freed
My friends are going disappearing and haven’t been able to find them since.
Where is God
First day of school
I think I sold my soul (last night)...
I've created a form of time travel but it hasn't panned out the way I hoped
This is my first one
Within the dark corners of the earth
A Canadian Tale ch3
When you have trouble with yourself
I underwent the Death Percentage Experiment. Here's my side of the story.Connor
When My Wife Takes Over
Log #1
The Eyeless Woman
Something’s definitely not right. [Part 3]
My 4 year old says he has an imaginary friend.
Something Bad Happened in my House
something stands at my window every night
My great-aunt left me a note of rules and warnings. I am tired.. I don't know if I can do this anymore. [Part 4]
[Request] Anyone know of that suicide hot line series?
My great-aunt left me a note of rules and warnings. I am tired. I don't know if I can do this anymore. [Part 4]
Mysterious Transcript in My Mailbox has me Questioning Everyone
As kid, I experienced a lot of weird "dreams"
i dont want to think about this for too long
Something in Blue Mountain is hunting children [3]
Flashback
Dad, Go to hell And Dont come back
My great-aunt left me a note of rules and warnings. I'm tired. ~~I don't think I can do this anymore.~~ [Part 4]
They lied to us, and now we have to play their game.
the creature behind the bed.
the scary creature behind the bed.
10 years ago when I was 10 my mother was murdered by a man, I saw his face clearly, I’m starting to grow into the man who killed my mother.
10 years ago when I was 10 my mother was murdered by a man, I saw his face clearly, I’m starting to grow into the man who killed my mother.
Maybe the National Parks Aren't Just There to Preserve Nature - Big Bend
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I'm playing a game called Smile but nobody taught me the rules [4]
My grandmother died and passed down her cabin to my brother and me. Our family is not what it seems
Why you shouldn't share your nightmares with anyone.
TLDR
Its coming
Why I Won't Return To Yellow Brooke
What I encountered while on a job as a lumber jack.
Someone is pretending to be my sister
Is it normal to miss your pets?
My name is Ashton Rivers &amp; today, I met a God. It Gets Weirder: Final Update (Part 11)
My name is Ashton Rivers &amp; today, I met a God. It Gets Weirder: Final Update (Chapter 11)
My brother is my best friend! Ever since I can remember he was their for me. He has short blond hair and brown eyes. People have started to be really mean to him and I don't know why. Can someone help me?
Those godless waters
They are coming.
Ntris: The game that makes you feel things
Dreams of Great Depth
He climbed up my house and tried to get it through my window
He climbed up my house and tried to get in through my window.
He climbed up my house and looked through my window.
Sleep texting
fuck dick
The basement
Do you like more than two legs?
FOURTEEN
I'd Rather Not Wake Up (Part 1)
ok
MY NEIGHBOR IS THE SHADOW
Where to turn?
(Part 4) I'm a cable guy in the world's creepiest little town, Hollow's End.. (Final)
The shop window
I was recruited for [REDACTED]'s first Mars mission, until...
Why I always keep my door locked and kitchen window closed.
A Walk in the Woods
The previous tenant left a survival guide. Never take the sunlight for granted.
Be sure to close your closet door before going to sleep
I created time travel, but not as you think
Worst Nightmare of My Life
I had a dream today
Worst Nightmare of My Life
No escape
The island of the damned - Final
Mechanophobia
help me to grow this app
The family tradition
H E L P!!!!! is this a normal nightmare or is someone trying to tell me something?
University degrees are for dummies
I'm being hunted down by what I believe is my Doppelganger [PART 2]
I'm being hunted down by what I believe is my Doppelganger [PART 2]
My Whole Town is a Cult.
I’m staying at a resort for people who are taking time off their medication. I’m noticing some strange things going on – Part 4
POLICE NEED HELP FINDING MISSING TEENS IN CLACKAMAS COUNTY
My Whole Town Is A CULT.
Man Outside My Window
The Immaculate Path.
Former Medic here, sharing my creepiest stories from the job
Former Medic here, sharing my creepiest stories from the job
The Smiling Doodle
The tales of simple looking house.
Std check
STD check
The Smiling Doodle
Emperors Concubine
Played the Ouija board
The smiling doodle
premarital intercourse
I SAW AN EPISODE OF MY FAVORITE SHOW IM PRETTY SURE ISNT REAL.
The Ice Bridge-A small town story
My friend and I broke into an abandoned house. What we saw inside will haunt me forever.
A Helpful Dark
I SAW AN EPISODE OF MY FAVIRITE SHOW I AM PRETTY SURE DOESNT EXIST
household rules.
I think I just sold my soul...
I WATCHED AN EPISODE OF FAMILY GUY IM PRETTY SURE DOESN'T EXIST
She had to leave me to LIVE
I inherited a house from my great-uncle, but something doesn't seem right.I Recieved A Box on My Porch Today... (Part 2)
THE VEIL HAS BEEN TORN
THE VEIL HAS BEEN TORN
premarital sex.
the hotel im staying at has a set of strange rules - (part 1)
My copy writing job was more than I bargained for
this guy i met on omegle won’t leave me alone
Former Medic, rescued a woman from an abandoned hell house
The Cat in the Hat is attached to me...
Former medic, rescued a woman in an abandoned hell house
The hole in my wall
Are fortunes real? Because this one is ruining my life
IT HIDES IN THE WALLS
Kingston Case Files
The Carsirvoi Manor
Candy Lady
Help?
Why I Don’t Listen To Music Anymore
I Hunt Reverse Vampires: Seven Hundred in Blood
I knew living in the basement was the bad idea but it was just so irresistible.
My house has rules and I think I found out what happens if you don't listen.
The Cat in the Hat is attached to me...
wow sauce is good
As a travelling convention planner, I've stayed at many hotels over the years. One in particular will haunt me forever.
The Wind Speaks
The Wind Speaks
If you meet Dr. Mood don't make a deal with him, you'll regret it.
I Created an ARG for Fun; Now it's Trying to Un-Create Me
The Wind Speaks
I'm an inmate in a federal prison. Here's my story.
I Created An ARG For Fun... Now the ARG's Trying to Create a New Me
Horrid creatures keep appearing around where I live and I'm forced to hide more and more.
We caught a mermaid
HOUSEHOLD RULES
A Horse Walks Into a Bar...
Working as an Aussie Bush Ranger Part 1: The Zombie Girl
My friend and I broke into an abandoned house. What we saw inside will haunt me forever.
The Inferus
Help
Stars
I found a camera buried on a dirt trail and two men died.
A distant relative left me their house. The House in Herne Forest. It's been a few days and this house definitely has secrets. (Part 3)
The Curse of the Wet Hawk
Alone Time
Walmart Creep
Ravens
The Word [1]
Something happened when I was staying up late last month, and I haven't been able to get it out of my head
Ravens
Don't go to the forest
My friend and I broke into an abandoned house. What we saw inside will haunt me forever.
Marco Polo
Marco Polo
ALL THEY DO IS SMILE [UPDATE]
Why dont you believe me?
My family has been acting strange ever since a few nights ago.
Very suspicious.
The curiosity of mars
Something in Blue Mountain is hunting children [2]
Something in Blue Mountain is hunting children
The Tree of Good and Evil
My Best Friend Terrance
I met a man who looks just like me. Today, I decided to kill him. It Gets Weirder (Part 10)
I met a man who looks just like me. Today, I decided to kill him. It Gets Weirder (Part 10 of 11)
The Law of Gravity was Broken
I'm being hunted down by what I believe is my Doppelganger [PART1]
The Man On The Beach
Overnight camping: week 1
I know where you live!! You have stolen ppls adinity and you have a lot more charges from previous offenses!! You are going to be sent back to your country and your daughters are going to be prohibited from going back with you!! I'm waiting for my detectives to meet me and we will be there soon!
The Box Turtle
(Part 3) I'm a cable guy in the world's creepiest little town, Hollow's End..
I had a weird dream last night.
The brainwashing
The Tree of Good and Evil
A demonic presents
The previous tenant left a survival guide. Not all heroes wear capes.
Someone just buried a body in my backyard. I don’t think they’re dead.
We arent the only thing inhabiting this world. And whatever else lives here dont like us
We aren't the only things inhabiting this world, and we are food to them
Bones of the Past Don’t Stay Buried
Spectre
I checked into Hotel Zenith to win one million dollars - The riddle in the elevator and the first challenge [2]
We found a old Mineshaft in the woods. But my friends acted strangely while we were in there.
We taught an A.I how to paint. Now it's showing us the future - and it doesn't look good for any of us.
When the lights that go out in a pub, NEVER go down into it because you WILL regret it, I do
My friend and I broke into an abandoned house. What we saw inside haunts me till this day.
The island of the damned - Part 2
Feast of the Dead
I worked at a Tex-Mex restaurant. When I was hired they gave me a list of rules.
A Fool Was I, to Let the Wolf In
First post, only post
There’s a house everyone in town avoids at all costs. My friend and I broke in and discovered why.
Rosewood State School for Orphaned Children. Part 1.
There's a house you must avoid going near at all costs. My friend and I broke in and discovered why.
I dared my friend to get infected but now i regret it!
what the heck
The Figure.
Posted this in /r/askreddit thread, figured you folks might enjoy
The Burrowing Man
The Burrowing Man'Low fuel in tank', the warning read,
The Burrowing Man
My sister came down with the coronavirus. Her symptoms are worse than we could imagine.
My Graduate Class Has Been Dying in Mysterious Ways (Part 1)
ALL THEY DO IS SMILE [UPDATE]
The Cat in the Hat is attached to me...
The Cat in the Hat is attached to me...
Addams and firefly
My family has been the caretakers of the Brercalf children for years. Eventually, I'll have to slay my charges
Someone is Killing my Neighbors with a Captive Bolt Gun in our Apartment Complex. (Part 1)
The Voice From the Woods
I went down a road late in the night, now I will never go back.
a man chased my sister's friend
I moved into a haunted house and never made it out alive.
I'm A College Student Studying Field Biology, I Think I've Found Something That Will End the World [Part 1]
A Man Was Chasing My Sister's Friend (True Story)
Something in Blue Mountain is hunting children [5]
I Received A Box on My Porch Today... (Part 1)
I didn't do it.
I might have wings
She didn't remember me, just one post. I'm sad right now.
The Creature
Nevenagel
The Campfire
I’m stuck in my grandmas house and shes gone
My Imaginary Friend Was an Astronaut
Screams of the night
I'm trapped in an abandoned neighborhood, and there's something lurking here
Do not download an app called squad
The Itch
I need help
Went on a trip to visit my grandpa but I feel like I'm being watched
I've made a mistake, and I need help.
Sleep has become my Prison.
The Law of Gravity was Broken
DO NOT DOWNLOAD THE APP SQUAD!!!
The Itch
Beautiful
Sleep has become my Prison
The Mailbox
Sleep has become my Prison.
The Law of Gravity was Broken
What causes the horrors?
My grandmother died and passed down her cabin to my brother and me. Our uncle doesn't seem like himself anymore
The Ringing
There's a half-dead man living on my lawn, and he's been there for months
My birthday Before it began: Part/episode 1
I can see things...
HOUSEHOLD RULES
The Train To Nowhere
I can see things
Something crashed on earth back in January. It wasn’t what we expected.
2 TRUE creepy Stories
HOUSEHOLD RULES
ALL THEY DO IS SMILE
Eerie Window
Creepy Window
Thank you anonymousmaskhat@gmail.com for being the best hacker to me.
The past three years of my life is not what I though it was.
A man keeps stalking me everyday
You can't break up with a monster
The past three years of my life is not what I though it was.
She's mine
RESPECT GRU
This still terrifies me in my nightmares
Cybermancy - Patient File 100115010
CHURCH BUSINESS DURING CHURCH HOURS /CH. 2
This stuff freaks me out, even when it happened months ago....
I'm playing a game called Smile but nobody taught me the rules [3]
I dont know if I hallucinated this, but what happened still freaks me out to this day.....
I was the Commanding Officer of a Special Operations Task Force.I was the Commanding Officer of a Special Operations Task Force. We sleep early, but not for the reasons you'd think.
And then it started to rain.
I dont know if I hallucinated this, but what happened still freaks me out to this day.....
Welcome to Johnsville (Part 1)
Welcome to Johnsville (Part 1/2)
The Tree of Good and Evil
my sister got a phone call from our dead mother
THE CANDIDATE
Something in Blue Mountain is Hunting Children [2]
Through the broken window
A fucking curse.. (Part One)
We Were Chased By Dolls... It Gets Weirder (Part 9)
There's Creatures in the Everglades
Death For Sale
It was just another taste of my anxiety...
There's a half-dead man living on my lawn, and he's been there for months
Tall, Tattooed and Cackling
My friends are missing. They went to a haunted maze last weekend and I think something bad happened to them.
I almost got kidnapped
I was woken up in the morning by a noise at my brother's bed
Why we don't answer the doorbell
Addicts
(Part 2) I'm a cable guy in the world's creepiest little town, Hollow's End..
The Camping Experience
The Stag Light - Part 1
Something in Blue Mountain is hunting children [2]
I'm being stalked (Part 1)
The Children of Hell | Part 1
Sleepless nights
The previous tenant left a survival guide. How did we end up here?Mister Creopopolus
The Alter
The price of blood
Birch Wood creatures
My father died of stage 4 cancer, so we decided to celebrate Father’s Day early. It didn’t end the way I thought it would.
Paranormal experience
When the lights go out in a pub NEVER go down there or you will regret it, as I do
While all of them thought that schools before are graveyards but ours is hospital.
My son told me the face in the mirror is not his.
Nightwatchers?
Night watchers?
My dad keeps a lock on his closet door. I shouldn’t have opened it, because my life will never be the same again.
The murderer
My friend is experiencing something weird.
I am a child psychiatrist and there is something very off about the kid I am treating.
The island of the damned
My Dad Told Me Stories From WW2 Which Was Told to Him By My Great Grandfather (Part 1)
I don't know who I am anymore.
I started working at a new pharmacy, I found a weird set of rules to follow - Part 1
Shovelling Sound Outside My Window
Anything to feed my kids Part 2
My fiancé and I invented a new way to breathe. Now it’s ruining our lives
I’ve died and been to hell and it’s nothing like you think.(part 1)
I’ve died and been to hell and it’s not at all what you think( part one)
I’ve died and been to Hell and it’s not what you think, in fact it’s much more bearable then heaven
The Room
Don't close your closet
I fell in a deep hole and climbed up to another dimension . Part 1
Don't close your closet (true story)
Institute #5671891
Never close your closet (true story)
Cult o the Eclipse - Chapter 2
The Quest For Meaning
Cult of the Eclipse - Chapter 1
There It Stands
There is something outside, It is seeking revenge. PT 2
The Groundskeeper
Anything to feed my kids Part 1
Pope lick monster / the truth
She didn't remember me, at first. (One and done post)
i will Animate your horror Story.
Why am I up at 4 am posting this
Ghosts aren't what we think they are. I've met one.
If you can read this welcome to hell
The Devil in the Hills
Easter eyes
Souls-like: Second Cycle
Souls-like: Second Cycle
It Isn't What It Seems (part 1)
I woke up feeling hungry this morning. That was when I knew it was too late.
My first encounter with the paranormal
The Funhouse Experiment: Part 3
The Funhouse Experiment: Part 3
Scary gummy worm incident
How to Survive Camping: I still hate that knife though
The imposter
Frame - The Gift
When you hear the whistle don't whistle back
About the kills with a Captive Bolt Gun in our apartment Complex. (Part 1)
Strangers showed up in my neighbor's backyard and wouldn't stop staring at the sun.
The Grey Man at Lost Lake
We bought a beautiful old house and were told it was haunted but we didn't believe that was true. [Part 1]
There is a Police Officer tied up in my downstairs living room.
HELP
My mother always did have a rotten attitude
IT ALL BEGAN IN THE GRAVEL PIT.
Never look at the apple loading screen...
Knock Knock :)
My grandmother died and passed down her cabin to my brother and me. We just discovered a secret she had hidden from us for two decades
My brother is a somnambulist. I found a human head on our table after his latest sleepwalking event.
We should replace red with black on the US flag. Black, White and Blue. We are all in this together!
I think that there might be something going on in the laboratory where I started my Ph.D.
The Last Customer
Am I being haunted by my Grandmother?
I'm 16, but my first kiss was with a 74-year-old woman
I thought I was adopted...turns out it’s much more complicated than that.
Something Lost To Sea-Foam And Decay
Don't summon Zozo
In Libro Malum - Part One
A Compendium of Lost Spaces: The Obscure Object
If there be a lump in yer throat, swallow mortal, swallow.
Why I quit my airport job
The Rollercoaster
If there be a lump in yer throat, swallow mortal, swallow.
When the lights go out in a pub NEVER go down into it, you will regret it as I do.
Something lived in the woods near my house (Update)
I Learned How to Lucid Dream, but the People Inside My Dreams Keep Begging Me to Wake Up
There’s something in the woods near my house (Update)
sammy
Something horrible happened my Sophomore year
Mexican Succubus
There is something in the woods near my house
I met the previous occupant of my apartment. Turns out he never left.
Beyond the road
Sleeping troubles
There’s something in the woods near my house
Trouble sleeping
Trouble sleeping
A good bed time story is one that helps you drift off to sleep. A bad one keeps you awake.
I used to work for a Government Black site, what we created was a mistakeI used work for a Government Black site, what we created was a mistake
my worst experience real story
Phantoms of the stolen hearts
Why I left my airport job
The Man In The Window
Aleuromancy
My sister had an abortion today... but she brought it home with her. It Gets Weider (Part 8)
Eyes on You Part 1
the client -part one
A tech startup told us we could talk to the dead with the help of Virtual Reality
Life itself to be understood
The man on the moon
It's Still Down There
I am the YouTube sensation “Miracle Mom” where I document what it is like to raise a paralyzed teenage daughter.
I am the YouTube sensation “Miracle Mom” where I document what it is like to raise a paralyzed teenage daughter.
I am the YouTube sensation “Miracle Mom” and I document what it is like to raise a paralyzed teenage daughter.
The Sounds of The Void (Part 1)
Eyes on You Part 1
The red sky.
The Mud Men of Papua New Guinea Pt 2/2
Something in Blue Mountain is hunting children [1]
it just feels right.....
Lock your doors and stay quiet, you can only hear them in whispers.
My dad keeps a lock on his closet door. I shouldn’t have opened it, because my life will never be the same again.
My New House Had Some Strange Rules - The Woman Outside
My New House Had Some Strange Rules - The Woman Outside
My New House Had Some Strange Rules - The Woman Outside
Has anyone else tried the forward test?
I'm releasing a trading card game about Cryptids with Mothman and Indrid Cold called MetaZoo! We are looking for people to sign up to be playtesters.
Has anyone else tried the forward test?
There's something weird about the children in our neighborhood, part 3
The previous tenant left a survival guide. There isn’t a guide for these floors.
All my friends have been disappearing and no one has noticed
In the Tunnel
Has anyone else tried the forward test?
Has anyone else tried the forward test?
There are kills with a captive bolt gun in our apartment complex (Part 1)
The Climbing Pt. 1
If you play roblox and you want robux go to this website called rbxadder
My Neighbors Started Rotting Alive
Get me out of this town. [Part 2]
eat.mov
Transmissions from the void (Part 1)
I've Done It!
A new tech company helped you talk to your dead loved ones using Virtual Reality
My parents is the reason why I’m a murderer.
Theres something living in my room
I received this email last night, but I'm not so sure I want to go to Camp Hillrock anymore.
Believe Me, I Really Do Have A Boyfriend.
It rained all night
Trying to find an old Nosleep story
168 games in and I am losing it.
Message Received
It rained all night
I read through some of my mom's patient records and I can never unsee what I found
(this might suck) The Curse of the Ribbed Hat
Something followed me out of my dream last night.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
To the Urban Explorers of Ste Marie des Douleurs, Louisiana
I might’ve saw something I shouldn’t have
How I Made the Mask
“Look at the lions”
I have a SNES game that doesn't exist.
Lock your doors and stay quiet, you can only hear them in whispers
Hell Hath No Fury
I Swear Something’s in My Room With Me Tonight
I don't know what I did or what I've done for this to happen
My name is Damon Norsworthy and my city has been on lockdown part 1 inspired by u/cryptic_nightmares
This is the spookiest thing my eyes have seen.
I'll see you soon.
I Sent Them There to Die, and They Brought Me Along (Pt. 3)
I Sent Them There to Die, and They Brought Me Along
My sister only eats worms, I'm starting to notice some differences
I was a retired mercenary, but you don’t ignore a call from the U.S. Forest Service.
Once upon a time there was a poop skeleton
I should’ve asked questions when I took “him” in... communication barriers are a bitch.
Creepy sound in my wall.
Cant sleep. Creepy sound coming from my wall. (audio, video inside)
Lock your doors and be quiet, you can only hear them in whispers [part 1]
Hey everyone this is the first story I've written its titled "The Rot" please let me know what you think!
Hey everyone this is the first story I've written its titled "The Rot" please let me know what you think!
Hey everyone this is the first story I've written its titled "The Rot" please let me know what you think!
I went into my local forest and I never should've. [Part.1]
THE CALLER EVERY 2:59 AM
The man who saves you and the thought that should never be thought
Death For Sale
Orange groves ( this is real though just posted it heard cause r/off my chest wasn’t letting me idk why)
The bowler hat man
Go ahead. Make this post. Nobody will help you.
Frame - The White Cat
Try not to make a noise, you'll wake it up.
My Daughter Has Been Replaced But No One Else Knows... Help Me (Part 1)
something weird happened today
Lock your doors and be quiet, you can only hear them in whispers [part 1]
The Alien Tech Was Stolen
Darling, I Don't Think You Really Intend To Leave Me
A normal apartment...
It Wore My Brother's Skin
The text
I had a very scary dream, but it wasn't a nightmare (pt. 1)I work at an abandoned Wal-Mart. It's an infirmary for a secret war.
I'm a Voyeur. Sometimes you can't fight back.
I was the Commanding Officer of a Special Operations Task Force. The sound of bouncing balls still gives me trauma.
I’m staying at a resort for people who are taking time off their medication. I’m noticing some strange things going on – Part 3
There’s a cartoon of my family’s murder.
The Mad Monk of Saint Aria's
My grandma passed down her cabin-in-the-woods to my brother and me. It's filled with old nightmares, and now those nightmares have found us [3]
I did something. Something unthinkable...I just don't remember what it was
May I please use your stories?
Uncle will get you if you break the rules.
Someone knocking hard on my door left two rabbit heads...
There is something outside, it is seeking revenge.
I kept a diary while I was in love (Part 1)
Murphy is my Best Friend
Figure
I think my dead friend stole my boyfriend's soul
The Holder of Sin
The staring old lady
My great great grandpa passed worked in a catacomb in the Wild West he saw something that he shouldn’t have seen.....
I thought my childhood home was normal. Oh how wrong I was...
The talking tumor
I'm playing a game called Smile but nobody taught me the rules [2]
I’m not proud of this.
They came from the deep, and they've been hunting my family ever since. Now they're after me.
Dear, Emily
It’s just your imagination
I'm going to where the sky meets the ocean. Also, don't try to pick up fish people at parties.
Stories from my state that I think you'll like... Cause they're creepy lol
This actually happened to me today.
The Queen of Bisteneau [Part 1]
The Queen of Bisteneau
It’s just your imagination
Cheers
I still see your shadows in my room
GASTROMANCY- PATIENT RECORD 002X54
I bought an old mansion and the previous owner left me a book with rules (PT2)
There are strange creatures coming out of the woods... they think they're human. It Gets Weirder (Part 7)
My Best Friend Killed Himself Two Months Ago. But Now I'm Not Sure
My Grandfather's Filth
The very last time I spent a summer with my cousins
Secret in the Roman ruins
A cure for apathy, blood on my hands.
A cure for apathy, blood on my hands.
I saw something I can't explain
Siren Head is real [PART 1]
Let's Play
Hi, I'm Francine and I can't explain this
My boyfriend is an Ex CISIS and people are trying to kill him
My boyfriend is an Ex CISIS (a spy) and people are trying to kill him
The Nail-Clipper that Bites Back
My dad keeps a lock on his closet door. I used the tools I found inside to start killing people.
The call centers around here are haunted and I can prove it
The Wrong Babysitter Showed Up To Our House. She Made Us Play a Game I'll Never Forget
The previous tenant left a survival guide. I never liked that damn lift.
I started working the night shift at a local gas station in our city, my boss has some strange rules implemented here
The Mysterious Disappearance of Samantha Moore
Hello David
Can't sleep
Fear Is A Funny Thing - Part 5
How common are bleach allergic reactions?
The man in my dreams is stalking me [1]
My Father Make’s Mannequins
My Grandfather, who fought in the second world war, once told me a story that has haunted me ever since.
Get me out of this town. Please. [Part 1]
The New Black
Not yet.
The drunk
The mimic
My phone downloaded a file containing a picture I wish I never saw.
Another World
I got high in my closet and my home has changed.
The talking tumor
I went into my closet to smoke weed and I dont recognize where I am.
The man behind the shower curtain.
I swore to never talk about that night again. Today, I break that rule. Please, I'm begging you. Help me.
My experience as a Disneyland after-hours janitor. Part 1
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Figure under the light.
My friends and I went to a remote village for our Social Studies research. We shouldn't have come.
The hole in my wall
The show must go on.
I work at a medical testing facility, or that’s what I think.
The time I meet a Nazi Werewolf
Was she dragging her feet?
A Native American Spirit? A skin walker? Witchcraft? What was it?!
Native American Spirit? Skin walker? Witchcraft? What was it?!
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
My biggest fear is being misunderstood.
Insidious intentions
The Factory
Outside Creature
Tell him I said goodbye (w.i.p?)
Don't Look Too Closely At The Paintings In The Waiting Room.
The dangers of drinking alone
There's an air-conditioned armored transport vehicle heading into Hell.
My "Nosy" Neighbour
"We'll just make another one"
The Knock
The Knock
My dopey stepdad joined the cult of The Hundred Eyed GodThe House
The demon in us all.
The demon in me (true story)
My Shitty Job as a Cashier (1)
He walks at midnight
Something is wired in my apartment unit part 1
"Smile"
There's a demon in the corner of my room
My dog is immortal and that fact might just get us both killed
Please help I
Question about Penpal
First day back to work after quarantine
Charles
I thought about the “quantum immortality” theory.
First day back at work after quarantine
I recently found a journal and it's contents terrified me.
I’m an excavator in Russia. I think we uncovered something huge.
I recently found a journal and it’s contents terrified me.
Can you even imagine?
The Red Door
Me and my friend found an old TV show and watched it, this is what was on it
The Dreamer, Austria 1920 p.1
Something Big was Downloaded from Deep Space Yesterday
(Part 1) I'm a cable guy in the world's creepiest little town, Hollow's End..
I thought I was going to be home alone. I wasn't.
Carl’s Daughter
Don't go outside
Chosenwords
Always turn off the lights (part 4)
Don't go outside
The apartment I live in has certain rules that others might find strange
Don't go outside
The Sheep trail
This House Was Once Our Home..
My Dogs Won't Stop Dying... And I'm Always With Them When it Happens
The Wrong Girl
We live in a simulation and I got out and now know everything you should be scared
The night I saw Satan
The whistling man
A Lady in the Lake
The Old Woman Under The Stairs
3 strange men followed me in the supermarket, and then all the way to my car...
Reflection
Full of Emptiness
If You Want to Walk the Dead Way, First You Need to Know the Rules.
I was the Commanding Officer of a Special Operations Task Force. The rules we have to follow are not what you imagine.
The chronicles of the graveyard management team
Actual dreams...
While Clearing Out My Dead Father's Study, I Found Something That I Can't Explain
I'm playing a game called Smile but nobody taught me the rules
I woke up in a metal chamber and I don't know when or where I am - Part 1
The scariest dream I've ever had
My Hand Can Only Survive In The Stomach of My Friend. I Need Your Help.
It All Started When a Cement Truck Crashed Outside my Window
The woman who bumps into you
GYROMANCY - PATIENT RECORD FG1913980
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The Wrong Girl
I met a man who looked just like me. He has buried others who share our face too. It Gets Weirder (Part 6)
My scariest school lockdown
Transmissions from the void (Part 1)
Witch Hekeda
My scariest school lockdown
Insanity
I was sent to a summer camp,or that's what I thought... (PART 3)
555-7633
I started working for Google. I wish I didn't. [1]
I wake up itchy
Jury Duty
"SCREAM AS MUCH AS YOU CAN, NOBODY CAN HEAR YOU HERE."
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I found a dead woman in my basement.
I live in an apartment building underneath the cemetery. Rent is complicated. [Pt.4] FINAL
757-555-7633
Annalisa... the only girl to ever catch my interests
The Flag Poles
Kidnapped and Tortured by a Stranger
My father died of stage 4 lung cancer so we decided to celebrate Father’s Day early. From bad to worse.
My dad keeps a lock on his closet door. Today I opened it and went inside. These are the tools of death that I found there.
The Sheep Path
Close Your eyes and count to 10.
Currently enjoying this one over on Spotify
The previous tenant left a survival guide. Some families are more dysfunctional than others.
**Not a story, just a question**
757-435-7633
I own a boutique that offers full body transformations to customers in need of a new identity. [4]
"Why I'm a Widow, And my Experience Being Degloved"
The call
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I bought an old mansion and the previous owner gave me a book with rules (pt1)
[NSFW] Something disgustingly horrible is happening in my local railroad station... (Part 1)
I had sleep paralysis 6 times on a row in only one night. I'm not so sure about the sixth one.
The Door At The Edge Of The Universe Part 1
TIFU by buying a new chest of drawers
My brother went missing in the woods and I found him, but something’s not right [Part Five]
The Spurned.
I explore abandoned buildings as a hobby, this was my last expedition.
5 a.m.
My brother went missing in the woods and I found him, but something’s not right [Final Part]
Would anyone like a story told from the first person view of a time traveler if so let me know I’m new here so don’t be surprised if it’s shit5 a.m.
4:48 a.m.
It’s 4:43 in my sleepless world. I decided a two finger pour from my husbands bourbon collection would help. My question is this, does this count as a night cap? Or am I just drinking in the morning?
If you can’t sleep at 4a.m.
I think maybe some memories are best left forgotten.
young love
42nd and Westcroft
We found 3 Severed Goat Heads on the same spot every day
I explore abandoned buildings as a hobby, this was my last expedition
young love
I found this diary in my attic and now I don’t know what to think.
My cousin is possessed...
The Forest
I run a museum of cursed objects. The cabinet of horrors has been with my family for a long time.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The Wing
The Wing
Victim of Domestic Violence
I think my dead boyfriend is trying to call me
The cellar bumps at night - part 3
My MRI
The cellar bumps at night - part 3
As I walked down the dark hallway, I could clearly see myself staring back
A metal boat and a girl
The voice
Frame - Honeysuckle
My friend went missing
The rules to survive a day in my home [Part 5]
No Sleep
I saw a face in the mirror and it’s not mine.
I'll Never Prank My Roommate Again
Site 18-79
We found a statue of a woman down by the river - Part 6 - FINAL
Creepy Fan
The Mouth Stitcher
He sounds like rain
The Crossing
My daughter’s doll says things it isn’t programmed to say...
She Was My First Kill
Why I Don't Trust Men In Suits
Never open or read this book and if you find it burn it
Be Careful. They hide among us.
I’m staying at a resort for people who are taking time off their medication. I’m noticing some strange things going on – Part 2
Charles
The Orphanage for Unfortunate Children: The Flames of David
Into The Woods
My grandma died and passed down her cabin-in-the-woods to my brother and I. It's filled with old nightmares, and we're finally going to talk about them. [2]
There's A Serial Killer Aboard Humanity's First Colony Ship to Mars
I Like To Go On Late Night Runs. Last Night I Was Not Alone.
I can't stop thinking about what happened at 4:27 AM.
I can't find my family members in the house
So, Yeah... I Don't Do Drugs Anymore.
liar
theres a hole in my wall.
My cat and I joined a neighborhood social club
They’ll come for us...right?
Ben's Bones
The Hallways of the Mind
The Screamers: Mary’s Family
I bought an old mansion and the previous owner left me a book containing rules (pt1)
The Tragic Death of Sister Agnes
There's a man under my bed
The deal
Update: There is something crawling on my roof every night at 4:33 am
I Downloaded A Game From A Shady Website [Part 1]
The Frozen North (Part 1)
The authors rendition of a classic tale of dealing with a demon "The deal"
I was an angry piece of shit, then I found a book that cured me.
The Confession of a Vampire
I'm terrified of falling asleep and this is reason behind it.
I protect the Torch of Human Consciousness, but I am close to the point of death. Help us, please.
I saw that thing in the woods and never went back to the forest
I Encountered a Small Town and I'm not Sure it Exists
There's an old well in our woods
I bought an old mansion and the previous owner left me a book containing rules i needed to follow (P-1)
A letter to my love
The Eeriest/Grossest Thing That Ever Happened to Me
Bumblebee Campers
I'm on display at Mr. McCallister's Odditorium. Someone please, help me escape. (Part 3)
What ever you do DO NOT CAMP BY YOURSELF!!!
The Summer That Changed My life
I broke my legs what happened at the hospital frightens me...
A letter to my love
They sentenced me to life in outer space
Fear Is A Funny Thing - Part 4
Just Another Camp Legend - Part 3
CleverBot Knows The Future?
Survey about Social Media
My best friend I've known since preschool is missing. I found something incredibly disturbing in his house. (Part 2)
The people from a far away land
I think my dead boyfriend is trying to call me
They sentenced me to life in outer space
My dad vanished into the ocean when I was a child. Now I fear it's my turn.
The Party in The Cabin in The Woods
The Wonderful Life of Roger
My father vanished to where the sky meets the ocean. Now, I fear that it's my turn.
Where the sky meets the ocean
Leave your ringer on. It could save your life.
We open weird portals to the Underworld and pull the Damned out for cash [part 4]
The Snow MonitorHe liked to sing.
He liked to sing.
Have you been threatened as a result of a DNA-ancestry test?
The Tragic Death of Sister Agnes
My daughter's first words (Part 4)
Why am I a kid named Jake?
A tale from under your bed
The tall people of craig ranch
Holes (part 2)
I think my dead boyfriend is trying to call me
Holes (Full story)
Holes (part 2)
Holes (Part 2)
A classic tale and the authors rendition of "The deal"
I live in an apartment building underneath the cemetery. Rent is complicated. [Pt.3]
Once Gogglebox rolls the credits, turn your TV off immediately.
I can make people do things they don't want to do
Wendigos are real.
My dad keeps a lock on his closet door. Today I opened it and went inside.
The previous tenant left a survival guide. Can you ever really know someone?
Did something follow us from that creepy house?
My dad died of stage 4 lung cancer so we decided to celebrate Father’s Day early. The guests arrive.
At 9:13 PM on 15th June 2020, my best friend is going to kill himself. And there is nothing I can do to stop him.
At 9:13 AM on 15th June 2020, my best friend is going to kill himself. And there is nothing I can do to stop him.
I keep seeing a face in the mirror and it’s not mine .
Something is wrong with my nephew. He doesn't breath but he's alive. He was born last month but is the size of a 5-year-old. I don't know if he is human...
Have You Ever Read Those Inflight Safety Cards?
NoSleep Interview with Max-Voynich!
I’m a drug dealer. Let me tell you what psychosis is like
I Hunt Reverse Vampires: Watch your six
10 minutes mirror stare challenge completed
James went digging
I think I had a spirit lurking in my closet...
The Nightmare Painter
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Ouija boards are not to be messed with...
Тайна подвала!
Just haveing fun
You Have One New Message
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
You Have One New Message
Something called me in the middle of a thunderstorm
Our Ritual Is The Mystic Cement.
My suicide attempt revealed something impossible and horrifying.
Why I Left Youtube
I thought I lost you
Before we sleep
Something is wired in my apartment unit part 1
Before we sleep
It fried that way
It happened that way
ONOMOMANCY – PATIENT RECORD MP1190712
3am story
I’m reviving this sub and almost nobody will see it but god damn it I wanna tell somebody.
My suicide attempt opened an impossible doorway.
I Moved To a Foreign Country Only to be Stalked By My Creepy Landlord NSFW
Does anyone remember a TV channel called 'Beneath The Static?' (Part 3)
My best friend is trying to hang me
I saw my dead friend on my Ring Cam
Before we Sleep
I think I’m.. not human..
Ear to ear
Frame - Beth and Stephen Didn't Elope
Here's why coca-cola has the names on the bottles
I guess I saw it coming
The last text
Brother
Whatever you do DO NOT CAMP BY YOURSELF
Before I moved out, I found a letter addressed to me in my house
Becoming.
Black Blobs part 6
It Was All A Fucking Lie
When did i go....
My Entire Life Was A Lie.
Woke up throwing up sand after having sleep paralysis?
I inherited my grandfather's cabin.
In 2013 I found a railroad spike that enabled me to time travel. I didn’t understand it, so I threw it in the Pacific Ocean. Well, I just found it, near the Atlantic Ocean, and now I want to understand it
Protocol 6 is Not Classified
WTF is going on?
the beginning
The Curtis' Dragon
I got invited to a new theme park. If only I didn’t. [1]
Enjoy Your Tasty, Meaty Vegetables
My dad is acting strange and he wont tell me why...
I grew up in a small town that made all the children meet the ‘Angel Reaper’
I just got a new job at a gas station, and the manager left me a list of odd rules.
The gibbet cage
The Day I Met God
I found my name on a kill list. I think they took the wrong person.
I grew up in a town that made all the childeren meet the 'Angel Reaper' (part 2)
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Something is pretending to be me
Something is wrong with my dad and I dont know what to do.
I think I have stepped into an Inn from another time. Now I’m chained to a bed and I don’t know how to escape.
The gibbet cage
All Ten Fingers
Passive Regressive
I saw a flash outside my window and I don't feel safe.
Passive Regressive
Passive RegressiveThe haunted guitar
We found a statue of a woman down by the river - Part 5 - The Great God Pan
I Review Old Home Videos For Work. Last Night, I Saw Something Bizarre.
Something in our lake has a human face... but it's not human. It Gets Weirder (Part 5)
This town has a secret and it lurks under bridges.
I tried seeking out the backrooms, I wish I never had
This town has a secret and it lives under bridges.
We're a Family, Come Hell or High Water
A distant relative left me their house. I received a strange letter outlining a set of rules I had to follow. The first night. (Part 2)
Something’s definitely not right. [Part 3]
Don't Come to Our Speakeasy. We offer a Special kind of Service.
The shidder
Never Feed Jenny
My cat just dissapeard through a hole in my closet
My grandma died and passed down her secluded cabin-in-the-woods to my brother and I. To us though, it's filled with old nightmares. [1]
How a bad trip turned worse.
Log In 1.
What is Matramus?
What is Matramus? NSFW
I finally found out what war Mr. Krabs fought in, and now I can't rest
My roommate is a demon
Journal Of A Schizophrenic
Journal of A Schizophrenic
Just need author approval
The Math Teacher
my old house PT1
My old house PT1
The girl in the Bookshelf
My old house
My roommate is a demon
She didn't stop smiling
Exposing the Evil in Ohio
The Reason My Father Quit Mining Forever
MINOR TW !! There are men coming for me, I have nowhere to hide.
I think there’s something evil living in my boyfriend’s house but I can’t leave.
Insomnia
The Tunnels of Los Alamos
Let's not sleep
I'm innocent
I'm innocent [1/3]
What I found in Room 315
Cas
I think coronavirus isn't the only thing that has been spreading here.
No Sleep, help me out pls. Ive been losing sleep forever thinking abt this
Walkie-Talkie
Grandfathers Funeral
The walls
Grandfathers Funeral
Immortality and covid-19
A Strange Encounter at Cloud Peak Wilderness
I can’t sleep
The haunted guitar
I am rotten to the core
I am rotten to the core
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The Haunted Guitar
I Visited A Strange Town A Decade or Two Ago and I'm Not Sure it's Real
The previous tenant left a survival guide. When one door closes another opens.
All of the women in my family die at age 27. I turned 28 a week ago.
I spent 12 days in the world's quietest room, now I wish I was deaf.
The Train To Pyongyang
If you hear a scraping noise outside your window, then you're in serious danger.
building of the dead [ep. 1]
If you hear a scraping noise outside your window, then you're in trouble.
Mrs. Celia Speaks Softly
The Chasing at Mushroom Lane
The Chasing at Mushroom Lane
The Chasing at Mushroom Lane
Girl Who Lives WITHOUT ORGANS
I did not kill my best friend. It was the tiny clowns.
The Walls. Wrote this for my English final and figured I’d post here, had to be under 750 words. Criticism is welcome
The Walls (wrote this for my LA final and figured I post it here, had to be under 750 words, criticism is welcome)
The woods
Stay away for the static
A bump in the Night.
Souls-like
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
There's Something Wrong With The Other People On My Bus [Part 6] FINAL
There's Something Wrong With The Other People On My Bus [Final Part]
IT ALL BEGAN IN THE GRAVEL PIT.
I think we ate my dead brother when I was a kid
This night feels like one of those crappy horror games you’d find for free
The walker.
Why astral projection isn't safe.
The Game Of Deception
The Game Of Deception (Part 1)
winter- part 1.
Game of Deception (Part 1)
winter
Frame - People Are the Worst
winter- part 1
winter- part 1.
Based on dream
The house I woke up in wasn't a house at all.
Cult of the Eclipse
Some questions from a kid who wants to write
Someone hysterically rang my doorbell at 3 Am and there was no one to be seen
the family scourge part 1
There was a creature who visited my house everynight. (Part 1)
I come from a long line of railroaders and train derailments aren't always what we think they areWe barely made it to the bunker, but i don't think were safe, SCP-001, when day breaks (Part 1)
I swear our house wasn't haunted when my grandparents lived in it. But every since we bought it and renovated the nursery, I've been hearing voices and my baby has been acting...strange.
My friend is dead and i wish i didn't know why.
We barely made it to the bunker, but i don't think were safe (SCP-001, When Day breaks, Part 1)
More
The Devil Lives In Dial-Up.
How to Survive Camping: Rule #17 - the children without a wagon
The Devil Lives in Dial-up.
They Summoned It.
Vanished.
Every Little Thing
Weather Alert
The Orphanage for Unfortunate Children: Bella the Shadow
Jessica
Our town secret is so secret, we didn't even know it.
My friend is dead and I wish I didnt know why.
The following is a diary of a man who murdered his wife.
All the kids in my town are doing a new drug called 'Worming'... It Gets Weirder (Part 4)
Fearing that the previous owner of my new house might be hiding in my children's bedroom, I sprinted upstairs (Part 2)
The Scratchers
A distant relative left me their house. I received a strange letter outlining a set of rules I had to follow and the most important one was, under no circumstances do I open the red door. (Part 1)
I’m staying at a resort for people who are taking time off their medication. I’m noticing some strange things going on - Part 1
Tyrant
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I could not sleep after this video
A hooded ghost ran behind me in my bathroom
I went to work, and no one showed up. #1
Vanished.
Astral Projection isn't safe.
I’m in quarantine but something isn’t right
The Organizers
The hospital I started to work at has a 100% success rate (Part 2)
I think my boyfriend’s sadism is rubbing off on me
Raid #6032
The Organizers
Vanished.
(Part 1) I’ve been on this bus for years. I don’t think I’m on earth anymore.
The mad wisdom of Tobias Longstead
Late Callers
There was a tapping at the window
Ultimate Hero! Waifu Rescue!
Tyrant
Cap on a grass field
Words of Wisdom, Part 6
PLEASE PLEASE READ THIS
I was born with three heads, and so was everyone else in my village
No Justice, No Peace
My great-aunt left me a set of rules and warnings, people I don’t know keep coming to my house. They want me to let them in. [Part3]
The Black Rose Gang of Ivory Beach Girls' Academy: Playing Spirit of the Coin
The Speaker
Real life scary experience.
PLEASE PLEASE READ THIS
PLEASE PLEASE READ THIS
The ‘47 Special, Part 3
Repeater
The Burnt Book
I was sent to a summer camp, or that's what I thought... (PART 2)
The Burnt Book
I've been working as a park ranger for 15 years and I've seen some strange things.
Something is in the woods and making a strange noise and i think it saw us.
I hate mirrors
I live in an apartment building underneath the cemetery. Rent is complicated. [Pt.2]
Remember when Nosleep was actually scary🥺😴
I think my new Fence is Evil
Souls-like
Souls-like
The previous tenant left a survival guide. The flat isn’t new anymore and I need a better guide.
Have you heard of The Owner?
Bra Underware Drawer Organizers Travel Storage Dividers Box Bag from ebay
I'm a therapist who specializes in abused children. My patient and I have learned that you can defeat your monsters, but the will never truly leave you.
The Girl On The Moon
Where exactly is Aleister, Maine? (Part 3)
There's a reason Entities have lists [Part 1]
I work in an orphanage, except nobody here ever gets adopted.
Gato extraño acosa ami gato
Criatura Acosa Ami Gato
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
[Part 1] There's a reason there's so many lists on how to survive entities
Heaven is No Longer Here
I broke my phone and found a cockroach.
The Man In The Blue Jacket
Vanished.
I can't go back to Virginia. It helps me remember.
The Morning that changed my life for good.
We fucked up
I work for a lab and found a document we fucked up
The Laughing Flower Field
I work for a lab and found files about how we brought satan to earth
The Pine Barrens
My whole family is dead and I’m afraid I’m next.(part one)
Vanished.
I Hunt Reverse Vampires: Five Point Pentagram
I was taught to hate you by those who want to control us both.
Where did everything go???
The Next Day.
The Grandfather Clock
I miss you.
Thorns and Budding Bushes.
My Uber Driver Has a Body In His Trunk
Log In 1.The Biggest. The Baddest. The Bradest
My friend saved me, now I have to kill him (Part 1)
I found the place between our body and our dreams and now I can't sleep again.
I need to find my mom, i think she's on Facebook
My Fiancé Has Had Some Trouble Sleeping
Weather Alert
Frame - The Third Night
What Makes Me Afraid
I can hear the trickling all the time
My "friend"
Was it a trap?
I Can't Remember Who Lit the Campfire
Weird thing i found while working at a bodega
In case you attend a Mistery Philosophy Society meeting, never pick Nietzsche
I walked into that slit-mouthed woman in Japan, and somehow made it out alive.
The smiling passanger
The Fatal Mistake
I was attacked by something invisible... now I think I am invisible too. It Gets Weirder (Part 3)
Stevensville II
My wife is a forensic scientist and had to monitor a specimen during lockdown
Silly out now
I don't believe my eyes
The Bunker (pt. 6)
You’ll Never be as Good as Earl
Something's Here
I found an entry log that belonged to a dark scientist, I think the book is cursed!
This is NOT Postpartum Depression Here is proof of bruises: https://imgur.com/a/apTNuRY
Night Call
What a happy ending!
I hate my brother and I've decided to have him killed.
I don’t think everything went well. [Part 2]
I think we picked up a witch on the way to my friend's bachelor party....
I don’t think everything went well [Part 2]
I worked at a haunted house, here’s why I left.
Spiritualist: Guardians
Hahaha
I will go...
I checked into Hotel Zenith to win 1 million dollars – Meet Mr. Tanaka and the other participants
That Red Room - My memoirs of a trip to Alaskan Village in 2012
The SATOR square
Squeak!
spying turned into a wepon
A Missing Thing
I Am The Chosen One
The Nut House
Alex Kueng
Yesterday, I Was a Racist
The Dark Thing
Ghostwatch Limited
I lost years of my life to a parasitic doctor.
Have Any Other Customer Service Workers Met This Entity?
It was just sleep paralysis... I couldn't convince myself.
PYROMANCY – PATIENT RECORD BT068110120
Daily Inspirations and Stories to your Inbox from Listserv.me
JUST A COMPLETELY NORMAL DAY. NOTHING TO SEE HERE.
It Pulls You Down. Final Part.
The Watcher Upstairs
My scary story, transcribed from discord (sorry for formatting)
A man pays me 300 dollars to look after his house. I don’t think I should have taken the job. (Part 3)
Dead Foxes
For Better or Worse
My Therapist is AMAZING
I never became a park ranger to work in an office
Strange findings at a dig site
Reflection
The Funhouse Experiment: Part 2
My dad died of stage 4 lung cancer right after we decided to celebrate his Father’s Day early. I don’t think any of this is a good idea.
I received a letter addressed to the previous owner of my new house, and now I wish I hadn't moved (Part 1)
I woke up as a teenager after dying at the age of 70
The Funhouse Experiment: Part 2
I keep hearing this sound...
I'm writing this to honor a dying wish
Attic light coming on at 3am
I know the real reason why we left Vietnam (Part 1)
Dead Town Pt. 01
My little sister was having a nightmare twice. She told us that the beast is rising.
DEAD TOWN PT. 1
Sleepy, Sleep, Sleep, Counting Sheep
I worked as a janitor in an office. I quit after I encountered a strange man working there at night.
How To Survive The Afterlife Part Two: The Woman Who Does Not Exist
Things you can say
Please proceed.
Sleepy Man
I couldn’t figure out why my dogs kept barking...I wish I never found out. (Part 1)
My family hunts monsters for living, and I am the family archivist. There are a few things I want to share with you. (Part 3)
Tell me your ghost story.
We found a statue of a woman down by the river - Part 4 - The Dance
Urban Legend: The Girl on the Security Camera
corruption of civilisation
Just Another Camp Legend - Part 2
I found the reason so many entities have rules
My worst habit
My worst anxious habit may get the best of me...
I Sent Them There to Die, and They Brought Me Along (Pt. 2)
One... Two... Three...
Stalker on Snapchat?
NoSleep - A Reddit Experiment.
I Know What Your Cat Sees When It Stares At Nothing
NoSleep - A Reddit Experiment.
A Midnight DriveDead Weight
June-11-2017
A midnight drive
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Let me tell you about my vacation.
What Makes Me Uncomfortable
Me sleep demon?
A town that shouldn’t exist.
Do you really want to know about the future?
Post History
He won't stop crying.
How I did not lose my virginity
Notes part one
Notes part 2
Bloodline: What happened to Carine-Alina
Frame - House Hunting
Strangers On The Subway
My new TV keeps turning itself on and off
Feast of the Dead
Never was there a tale of more woe...
Kane's Madness
real dream i had (part 1)
The coven of the eternal child.
A friend of mine died yesterday... Today he is walking around in the mist. It Gets Weirder (Part 2)
We think we're trapped in a time pocket and we're looking for anyone out there who still isn't frozen. Please help us!
We are lurking in the dark. We are watching what you do
If you hear a woman singing outside your window at night, then it's already too late for you.
The dream
I know what death feels like. And it's beautiful
The Thing at Number 98
The Thing at Number 98 (Short horror Story)
Th' Annual Skin Eatin' Contest
Some of us are looking at the stars
A friend of mine died yesterday... Today he is walking around in the mist. It Gets Weirder (Part 2)
The child's fault
I work as a waitress at a diner, and I think one of our regulars might be the devil
Army of Sharks
My cat is haunted - please help
It has been twenty seven days since the lights flickered
My cat is haunted - please help
Meet Joan.
Voices
I saw him under my pillow
Ten Tapes
Joan lived a simple life.
Spacemite
I was sent a creepy deep web video, but I think it might've been real.
Truth or dare?
An Offer
Why do people hate stalkers?
An Offer
Dorm #392 strikes again
I work as a theme park ride operator. People have been going missing.
Hordhuff
Has anyone else ever entered the giant hole in their dreams? Does anyone know what’s happening?
I just found out my cat is a demon (?)
Im honestly choosing to leave this Reddit page because none of the stories here are that good or interesting please leave me some actualy scary weird or interesting subreddits if you know any please dm me them
Splish, Splash, Sploosh
The Shifts
Stranger in the house
The Man in the Bunny Costume
The man outside
I was sent to a summer camp, or that's what I thought...(PART 1)
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I hope the Hundred Eyed God likes the carrot cake I baked him
[Off Topic] Is it allowed to post writing prompts on this subreddit?
Scared Timmy or tommy Halloween special ?
Home is near the red light district
hunt and kill parasites in earth which should not exist
I didn't become a park ranger to work in an office
Wonderland Amusement Park
I hope the Hundred Eyed God likes the carrot cake I baked him
I Found Out What My Girlfriend’s Been Painting
My pug, Bubba
I am a vigilante who uses a strange smartphone app to find criminals - Part 4
Have Any Other Customer Service Workers Met These Cult Members? [Part 2]
Part 4 (Final): I'm a security guard in an old mental hospital. I found something in the basement tunnels..
The Little Piggies Ritual
Forest story
Everything went well!! Part 1
14 year old depression. Based on my life
ARITHMANCY- PATIENT RECORD SE3308161
Cozy Townhouse For Rent
SFW ASMR OnlyFans: Book reading
The Missed Call
Wicked Encounters- story 1
Confesion to my classmates.
The Intruder
When I was little I had this dream and I couldn’t sleep because of a painting
The new Illuminati doll - Ale Geisslerin
I am a vigilante who uses a strange smartphone app to find criminals - Part 4
I kill the parasites on earth to keep humanity safe [Part One] the crew
Something weird happened in my forest
Racankakk
My childhood nightmare visited me again last night. This time he was real.
My childhood nightmare visited me again last night. This time he was real.
Racankakk
RED LIGHTS *DISCLAIMER - Mentions Of UFO’s &amp; Extra-terrestrial Life*
Keep Running
RED LIGHTSThe Face
The babysitter came well recommended.
My great-aunt left me a note of rules and warnings, I don’t know if I want to go back to that house yet. The little girl scares me.. [Part 2]
Have any of you played a game called TROLLS &amp; TOMBS? I think there's a reason it was banned.
My dad has stage 4 lung cancer so this year we decided to celebrate Father’s Day early. I really wish we hadn’t.
Catching Up With an Old Friend
Scary stories to be read
The House of Eyes
My Possible Sirenhead Encounter
My great-aunt left me a note of rules and warnings, I don’t know if I want to go back to that house yet. The little girl scares me.. [Part 2]
My Mum's Gone Crazy.
Youtube scary stories read
My great-aunt left me a note of rules and warnings, I don’t know if I want to go back to that house yet. The little girl scares me.. [Part 2]
Journey to Home
Hi I'm new to reddit but I have a story
i keep hearing noises coming from the attic
At night I hear footsteps in the hall
help.
How To Survive The Afterlife
Her name started with J
Her name started with J
Summer Windows
I keep hearing a mysterious woman singing outside my window at night. She's beginning to say very disturbing things.
"Here Teddy, Teddy, Teddy-Bear!"
There's a strange set of rules I have to follow in the place I just started working at.
The Boonies
My aunt died three weeks ago and is still talking to us
My grandma told us a story and 15 years later I can't sleep at night
The Girl In The Woods
I run an Air BnB, someone opened the envelope. (Part 4)
Hopping
12:10
12
The Rig (pt 1)
12:10
12:10
12:10
Bloody Gums
Too Far To Go Back- YMCYD pt2
u/anhundred asked if anyone attended the May 6th showing of Noises Off, back in 2003.
I live on the third floor And I heard tapping at my window
My house my rules.
I'm home alone. Something keeps scratching my back.
And Despair!
Wicked Encounters (teaser)
The holidays are a pretty big deal to my parents, so I decided to visit them. Thank god I did.
My phsycopath of a girlfriend, well, ex girlfriend now.
My phsycopath girlfriend. Story
I hunt and kill the parasites on earth [Part One] how it started
My crazy ex gf!
Basement Stories
Put your writing to use, create the first book to be collectively written by all of humankind
Mutant Storm (Part 1)
Put your writing to use, create the first book to be collectively written by all of humankind
Did anyone else see this show?
The flower in my basement.
A follow up to my original post
A follow up
A follow up
A follow up to my last post
I tried getting some water and medicine late at night, now im in my own interpretation of hell (pt. 1/???)
Abyssal Gigantism
Follow up to my last post
What Do You Mean No One Lives In Dorm #392?
A follow up to my original post
A follow up to my original post
A follow up to my original post.
[Part 1] The Unauthorized Biographies of Extraordinary People: Fetch
[Series]The Unauthorized Biographies of Extraordinary People: Fetch [Tw: child death]
A follow up to my original post
Someone, or something, is coming back for me tonight.
Frame - Sour Mash
A follow up to my original post
A follow up to my post
A follow up to my original post
Abyssal Gigantism
AMBER ALERT: Rainmaker
My girlfriend and I made a bet about whether she could actually predict the future. I think I won.
The thing in the corner of your eye is real...
I was a sommelier...
My New House Had Some Strange Rules - The Shower
When I was a boy
whats the piont
Im was pushed out into the very cold north canada wilderness by my dad I dont think im gonna make it.
the deep state is listening to your thoughts
Even the Raven Works the City
Every morning I wake up and my life is completely different. I think I found out who is changing it... It Gets Weirder (Part 1)
Under the Floor
Every morning I wake up and my life is completely different... I think I found out who is changing it. (It Gets Weirder Part 1)
My great-aunt left me a note of rules and warnings, I don’t know if I want to go back to that house yet. The little girl scares me. [Part 2]
Looking for authors and community members
"Its 40* f and raining".Those were the last words I said to my dad as he pushed me out the door im half naked.I dont think ill make it
Looking for stories
Looking for stories
Seeking stories!
Looking for authors to contribute
The Mud Men of Papua New Guinea Pt 1/2
(Part 2) My Job At Retail: The Murder
I don’t think I should’ve come down here to begin with.
My great-aunt left me a note of rules and warnings, I don’t know when I am going back to that house. I don’t know if I want to. [Part 2]The "Thing" in my dream came to Earth
selfe policing methoud
Why is my sister here? (Part 2)
Astral Trespassing
Weird game in my head
My friend dared me to spy on my hot neighbor, I really regret it
hmmmmm
My Parents Tell Me I Have Schizophrenia, Now I’m Not So Sure
Fair rides
I kept hearing my brother crying but he was right beside me..
My Friends were Abducted
The ‘47 Special, Part 2
The Time My Harley Went Missing
I can’t take it anymore
CHILD ABUSE
Haha hand go spank
The Human Zoo
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
H
The Eyes Have It
People in my city are disappearing. Part 3
The Old Lady in My Neighborhood
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
All you idiots who love to buy cursed items on the internet
My Neighbors are...Missing??
Never apply for a job at Wincom Industries.
The man with the devil eyed cat.
The old man and his devil eyed cat.
My mom’s horrifying nightmares
The old man and his red eyed cat.
The old man and his cat.
My mom’s horrifying nightmares
I work at a library legendary for its silence, but the new head librarian is a mouth breather. (Final)
They won’t stop looking in
My mom’s horrifying true nightmare stories
Hear It's Cries part 1
The devil
A woman sings outside my window every night. But last night she said something that will haunt me forever.
My mom’s horrifying true nightmare stories
My Cousin is Afraid of Mirrors
Scary Story (GONE WRONG]
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Part 3: I'm a security guard in an old mental hospital. I found something in the basement tunnels..
Have Any Other Customer Service Workers Met This Woman?
bubblegum.
I Had A Terrifying Near-Death Experience at an Overnight Field Trip
A Deceiving Appearance
I’m a Caver. Yesterday on my exploration I found a disturbing letter that halted our expedition...
Geomancy: Subject J-95
A Deceiving Appearance
Scary Drive with friends
The perfect graduation trip!
The town I lived in as a child had a ritual
The Haunted VR Set [Part 1]
Elise Juniper: A Lesson Learned
A Story From My Father
May 2020 Voting Thread
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Introduction + Lonely Solider
There Were Footprints In My Driveway This Morning. I Live Alone.
All I ever wanted
Every night, I hear a woman singing outside my window. The last thing she said has kept me from sleeping.
No History Of Mine
The Bathtub.
I found the perfect cure for baldness. But I'm afraid it works a little too well.
Every night, I hear a woman singing outside my window.
The Risen
The Risen
It's happening, and I'm typing this as a warning. [PART 1]
The bleeding lake
Elise Juniper: A Lesson Learned
My great-aunt left me a note of rules and warnings, the little girl won’t leave my front door. [Part 1]
It's happening, and I'm typing this as a warning.
All Penguins Have Criminal Tendencies
There Were Footprints In My Driveway This Morning. I Live Alone.
A story of a furry
I’m a high school teacher who just bought a lap dance from a former student. Here's some advice learned the hard way.
Operation White Crow
My electronics are making strange things. I don't think it's normal.
All of the women in my family die at age 27. I turned 28 three days ago.
Fear of Clowns
Mimic (Part 1)
Too Late To Go Back- YMCYD pt2
Something paranormal peruses me
Girlfriend May Do Something To Me
Partner Has Been Laughing and Whispering in Her Sleep
Don't Go into The Toilets of Amusement Parks or Funfairs
This has be a shit joke right? But it's too elaborate, and fucked up.
Camp Wanahee
Partner is Laughing and Whispering During Sleep
Video-to-text transcription of few videos from the ,,TheJessicaIsTheBestShow" channel, before it was removed.
Just because my dad hid his diary in the floorboards doesn't mean it's true. It can't be.
Does anyone remember a TV channel called ‘Beneath the Static’? (Part 2)
I went to my far family and one of them is hiding a secret (part 1)
Family first
Hour: 17 Game:168 - Why cant I sleep?
Lost Love.
Someone is ruining my life for personal gain
Decode this story please
Never Look Outside Your Window.I Am My Greatest Fear
I'm on my 168th(?) game of pool
Moved to a trailer park, a little creeped out
Life and Death in the Capital Wasteland
Feeding Time
Earth has a new visitor. Its figuring out ways to hunt us.
She helps us do justice in our dreams
My Wife’s Best Friend Got Me a Nintendo Switch, and I Think Its Cursed
I think my world is shrinking.
I have a poop story to share.
I discovered something on a website for my middle school
I Loved Watching Fireflies
Discord
My family hunts monster for living, and I am the family archivist. There are a few things I want to share with you. (Part 2)
Do not fuck this up.
The Backroads
The Sinking of the USS Borie
I thought my dog died
What Lies Above
Sacked Lunch
Nightmare FUEL
I went to Rapid City to hunt, not knowing I was the prey.
I was a cartoonist that worked for Murderers part 1
My dad always told me: don't mess with the woods. And I listen to it now
Mirrors, I can not have them in my house anymore
When A Demon Cries (part 2)
My dog pass away..... I can hear her
The Pocket Door
SCP-303 : The Worst Case Scenario
2y.o self talked about apacolypse
I saw a creature in my dream,Now its in the real world
Frame - If you see Mylee
My Friend Went Missing on the Hunt For “Siren Head.” They Only Found Her Journal
My dog died a year ago..... I hear her whining at night
My Town Has A Story About A Shadow Man
One Hour
My Town Has A Story About the Shadow Man
You May Continue Your Descent
The Nightmare Merchant
Why is my sister here? (Part 2)
When A Demon Cries. (Part 2)
My family just moved into a new house, we found a strange set of rules to follow - final part
Alone, but no alone
MY WEBSITE WITH MANY OF STORIES
The Screamers
The Man Who Lived in the Cracks of My Walls
I need advice (continued)
Tear gas and blood
Footprints in the Snow
My Friend Went Missing on the Hunt for "Siren Head." They Only Found Her Journal.
Somethings happening in my room at night
The sky wasn't right today
Greetings from the Watcher
Why I'm Afraid of Pressure Cookers
I cant leave my car
Someone knocked on my bedroom door. I live alone.
The Whistler
When I was younger, I was never allowed to leave my room after 9pm, one night I discovered why. (FINAL)
The empty room
Strange creature is trying to trap me
He visited me in a dream
the magnet room
I visited this abandoned place with some friends one day and to this day I don’t know what that thing was.
Why is my sister here? (Part 1)
Mirror Mommy
Family first
When A Demon Cries.
Family first.
A dog called Dixie
I work for an organisation that takes care of other dimensional beings - Journal 2
"Man of My Nightmares." By Alex DesCombes
"My Nightmare in Anne King's Close." By Alexander DesCombes
The Eyes
My Story
Someone was tapping on my window last night
Hoodie. Please tell me how I can make it better and scarier. Also how should the story continue: which Alex turning into Hoodie or Alex stopping Hoodie?
My Story
The Grandfather Puzzle
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Back
I Found a Phone on a Train. I Should Have Left it Alone.
My New House Had Some Strange Rules... Part 1: The Shower
Perfectly normal rules for a perfectly normal High School
There are treasure chests that shouldn't be opened. (Part 1)
Under The Bed
The winter
I’m stuck in quarantine and I think my apartment is shrinking
My great-aunt left mea note full of rules and warnings, the little girl won’t leave my front door.
Please look null doesn’t like do you
My great-aunt left me a set of rules, why didn’t she say anything?
The Stalker's Maze
I work for an organisation that takes care of other dimensional beings - (Journal 2)
I'm Stuck in the 1800's and I'm Not Alone
The Reverse Voodoo Doll
Void Walker
I Watched Somebody Die On the Dark Web. I Think I'm Next.
I brutally burned my sister to death at the age of eight. Years later, the body count is steadily rising and my precious self-control is slipping away a little more with the passing of each day...
I met the man from my childhood night terrors
A damn good dog
He will laughSpiritualist: Exploration notes of the past part 2
Fear Is A Funny Thing - Part 3
A damn good dog
Spiritualist: Exploration notes of the past (P2)
I Met the Man from my Childhood Night Terrors
I Watched Somebody Die On The Dark Web. I Think I'm Next.
Swapsies. The Horrible Story of the Changing Man
That's all for today, diary. I'll let you know how it goes with Mark!
Not Your Regular Type of Zombie [PART 1]
Blue Eyes
I am a vigilante who uses a strange smartphone app to find criminals - Part 3
they are here
The Funhouse Experiment
A Train Journey To Remember
6 Miles for the Spider to Feed
My home is haunted (part 1)
The Hall
I’m a high school teacher who just bought a lap dance from a former student. This, inevitably, is how things ended up.
Ere the Set of Dusk
Whispers in the Light
Google Searchbar: "How can I die without killing myself? [PART 1] TW: Suicide
Google query: "How to die without killing yourself?" [TW: Suicide] PART 1
Smile
An Insomniacs Monster
Heard her name in a missing’s person podcast, saw her face in real life.
SPATULAMANCY - Subject KT, patient record 215
Don't trust your parents!
An Insomniacs Monsters
The Great Filter
No sleep again
The black box
The bugs (PART 1)
Looking for a story
Camping
Dream Home, Scream Home
I drove a google maps street view car,I found something that no one should have.
The Winter Armageddon (part 1)
Dreams of Camping
A damn good dog
I started living with my boyfriend during quarantine. Or so I thought.
Aftermath [Part 1]
Aftermath [Part 1]
I stayed at the new luxury hotel with my best friend, but on our very first night, I was given a set of rules that instructed me on how to stay alive. (part 3)
the barks from hell
I stayed at the new luxury hotel with my best friend, but on our very first night over, I was given a set of rules that instructed me on how to stay alive. (part 3 - end)
Can Someone Please Try to Decipher This Phone Conversation That Happened Moments Before a Murder?
My best friend drowned in an 'empty' water tank...time to avenge him
Hoodie. This is the first part. Please tell me how I can make it better and scarier and whether the next chapter should be him turning into Hoodie or him stopping Hoodie.
Picture taken and possible kidnapping?
I stayed at the new luxury hotel with my best friend, but on our very first night over, I was given a set of rules that instructed me on how to stay alive. (part 3 - end)
Anyone else’s body totally outta whack
Human or ghost
State of Survival. Chapter 1
The Monsters in Our Hearts and Heads
My new Alexa Dot asked if I Wanted to Activate a Security Alert Feature, Then It Did Something It Shouldn't Have.
Why you should NEVER sleep in a dream
NOW I get why my wife left me, of course
We thought the gods forgot.
My family hunts monsters for living, and I am the family archivist. There are a few things I want to share with you. (Part 1)
Small town life isn't so bad. Part 2. The Incident
This time, the gods aren’t angry at us
A Short Story I wrote for my English Class
The Mute
I'm living with my boyfriend during quarantine. Or so I thought.
A bump in the night P2
I watched a video on YouTube, I think it cursed me
A bump in the night P1
When A Demon Rants.
Strange
A short story I wrote for my English Class
When A Demon Rants. [Animal abuse].
Frame - Hopping Mad
A short story I wrote for my english Class (Cosmic Horror)
Super Glue product recall.
What was it?
I keep failing to save my mother. This is my 2664th attempt.
The Mill Dam Monster
Dark was the Night
The Noise every night
Super Mario 128
My Addiction Story Pt 2 of 2
The '47 Special, Part 1
George Floyd
I think I became a medium [Part 6]
I spotted something in my backyard.(Part 1)
My husband hasn't been himself lately
The train
The Journey
Infant Limp, 1963
Part 2: I'm a security guard in an old mental hospital. I found something in the basement tunnels..
Ouroboros Syndrome
Help me find someone. It's important. [Part 3] Final
Simulation
Journey Home
My Demon, Pt. 2: Something Is In The House
Advice for ending my life
Help me find someone. It's important. [Part 3 - Final]
I'm on display at Mr. McCallister's Odditorium. Someone please, help me escape. (Part 2)
Prey in a Thunderstorm
I've been here before. Have I? No, I don't think so.I've seen this before
The sleep man
Content
I had a VERY obscure dream last night and don't know what to think of it..
Abandoned (Part 1)
My friend has been awake for 22 hours. This is what will happen if he falls asleep before sunrise.
Had a VERY obscure dream last night.. can anyone tell me what it meant?
My friend's dad watched me sleep
Midnight Cleaning Crew
Does anyone remember a TV channel called ‘Beneath the Static’?
The Weeping Woman - A story from rural India
Does anyone remember the Spongebob episode ‘Patrick’s New Friend’?
The kids who would visit me every night
My dad was a murderer.
Lunchable
Slick
I stayed at the new luxury hotel with my best friend, but on our very first night over, I was given a set of rules that instructed me on how to stay alive. (part 3 - end)
There was an old shed in the backyard of my childhood home.
A small town auction
The spirit who loves me
Can someone please help me, I need to know what's wrong with my town.
I think we're alone now
Chatroom A
He said strange noises from the sewers whispered in his ear. But I’ve heard far worse amid the noise.
The cult of the Hundred Eyed God has ruined my favourite fishing spot
Just another camp legend
The podcast he wished he never listened to
I live in an apartment building underneath the cemetery. Rent is complicated.
Half a year ago, I awoke at a ritual site...
I work for a organization that takes care of other dimensional beings. -Journal 1
Apparently I've had a girlfriend for the past 3 years - Part 3
What Was It?
I can't save my mother. This is my 2664th attempt.
I have found the journal of a priest in the 1820's. Part 1
Head Burst
What am I not seeing?
My African horror story... of hate, death and carnage
I'm beginning to forget.
I’m a high school teacher who just bought a lap dance from a former student. I didn’t things could get any weirder, and then the guns came out.
DEMONOMANCY - PATIENT RECORD CP5618652
I’m a crop inspector. I visited a tiny farm in the middle of nowhere, and what I found scarred me for life...
That one phone call that changed everything.
Someone placed a mysterious box on my doorstep, and now my life has changed forever.
My Sister’s Face Was Stolen and It’s All My Fault
I wrote this story in class
I saw my Professor die - but he was back teaching class the next day
My whole town vanished in one night. [Part 1]
I was almost shot by a hysterical woman
Your daily routine in purgatory
911, what's your emergency?
My African horror story. Death and absolute carnage.
African horror story
Don’t Look Up The 1995 Build Of Super Mario 64
Hare and the willows
Having a doubt
I decided to uncover my sister's secret.I wish I hadn't... (PART 9) (Finale)
I have a doubt
Teeth.
African horror stories
The window knocker
I am a vigilante who uses a strange smartphone app to find criminals - Part 2
AIRBNB IN OKINAWA
I found a mysterious box on my doorstep. What was inside changed my life forever.
The dog whistle
A man pays me 300 dollars a day to look after his house. I don’t think I should have taken the job
I need some advice continued (2)
The depths are calling to me
I saved my new dog's life last night
I run a museum of cursed objects. Someone didn't kiss the dog.
I went undercover and discovered something I shouldn't have
Never fall for a girl
One
She killed me
Tick
I Found Out That I Have A Sister
I found a statue in the woods, now it haunts my dreams. (part 2)
I'm a therapist who specializes in abused children. My new patient and I are battling monsters from our past, and I mean that literally.
Are you unfulfilled?
I need some advice
yes, I see you all the time. when you wake but especially in your dreams. you will see me tonight and may forget come the morning. but remember there is a friend always watching over you
Testing
A man pays me 300 dollars a day to look after his house. I don’t think I should have taken the job (Part 2)
Nowhere Left To Go
I work at a very abnormal cafe pt4
There's something weird growing in my old farmhouse...
I complained to the manager and got a horrifying response
How to Survive Camping: the campground is... leaking
A Beggars Bargain.
The Stragview Woods
I stayed at the new luxury hotel with my best friend, but on our very first night over, I was given a set of rules that instructed me on how to stay alive. (part 3 - end)
I stayed at the new luxury hotel with my best friend, but on our very first night, I was given a set of rules that instructed me on how to stay alive. (part 2)
Uninvited Guest
I stayed at the new luxury hotel with my best friend, but on our very first night, I was given a set of rules that instructed me on how to stay alive. (part 3 - end)
(HE WATCHES YOU)
HE WATCHES YOU
I stayed at the new luxury hotel with my best friend, but on our very first night, I was given a set of rules that instructed me on how to stay alive. (part 2)
While I was tending the bar
CLEARWATER POLICE DEPARTMENT
Run, fight, or simply ignore him, but if you come across someone who calls himself The Purveyor, do not make a deal.
Due to popular demand - The Spirit Who Loves Me. A follow on from ‘The Baby Monitor’Small town life isn't so bad. Why do people keep running away?
I visited my old childhood tree-house. (Part 4)
I was kidnapped as a child and it may be the best thing that's ever happened to me.
Never, ever, doubt the power of a mother's love
Harry's Golden Glowing Brothel and His Fish Wife
There’s something wrong with the other survivor here
Something Strange is going on at Yellowstone National Park
Frame - Watch Where You Step
Elmo in a Box
Due to popular demand - The spirit who loves me. A follow on from ‘The Baby Monitor’ -
Lily
HE. IS. STILL. HERE.
Thought...
The Heist from Hell
Always Always Always Lock Your Doors
[Serious only] I feel a connection to the ocean. Or just water in general. Any explanations?
A Canadian Tale, part 2
Doug Never Left TeamSpeak - Part 1
My best friend is hanging from the ceiling
The man watching me sleep
I heard my best friend's voice again. I almost immediately wished I hadn't.
Christmas at my hotel
Lot Lizard
I Think the Anime Club At My Highschool is Hiding Something [Part 1]
(Part 1) My Job At Retail: The Rules
My Group Partner Was Obsessed With Me
A Door of No Return
The Diary of Yoshizawa Ryou (Part 1)
The worst summer of my life, or how I learned Pokémon isn’t the key to winning the heart of a beautiful girl
A shadow being stood at the end of my bed.
Holes
My dog ran away last night
The Leaning Oak
The Entity at Northfield Road
Part 1: I'm a security guard in an old mental hospital. I found something in the basement tunnels..
Forlorn
The tunnel that allows paintings inner trapped voice to be echoed
My dog ran away last night
I used to be a pet sitter
I'm on display at Mr. McCallister's Odditorium. Someone please, help me escape. (Part 1)
I am pregnant and my baby is eating its way up from the inside: Final - What's dead may never die
I built a whole bunch of AIs, from one based on Reddit threads to a sexy bot to one on banned books,.. even the Ricky Gervais show!
Alone
I've definitely been here before, and here's what I know.
You want to become immortal? Then start practicing.
I'm into rare weapons. I've got some stories. (Part 1)
There is something crawling on my roof every night at 4:33 am
You want to become immortal? Then start practicing.
I’ve been haunted my entire life.
I built a whole bunch of AIs, from one based on Reddit threads to a sexy bot to one on banned books,.. even the Ricky Gervais show!
I tried to save a woman through my dream - real story
"Depression"
I’ve been haunted by a woman my entire life.
Dead Media
The worst summer of my life (or how I learned the hard way Pokémon isn’t the key to winning the heart of a beautiful girl)
Descent
My Demon, Pt. 1: It Started With Dreams
I’ve been sleep walking lately and tonight I’m turning myself in to the police
Descent
I am pregnant and my baby is eating its way up from the inside - Final: What's dead may never die
The worst summer of my life (or how I learned the hard way Pokémon isn’t the key to winning the heart of a beautiful girl)
The worst summer of my life (or how I learned the hard way Pokémon isn’t the key to winning the heart of a beautiful woman)
I Thought It Was a Dream
My friend was a Coast Guardsman for the U.S. Coast Guard. He told me some stories before passing away. (Part 3)
Forlorn
There's a lab that pretends to research a cure for cancer. It's time they were exposed. | part 3, final
The man who left one of us alive. Reupload bc of believability
The man who left one of us alive. (Reupload bc of believability)
I built a whole bunch of AIs, from one based on Reddit threads to a sexy bot to one on banned books,.. even the Ricky Gervais show!
Bright Eyes
She takes kids out of class, one by one. And then there's a silence. And a scream. And they don't come back. And I think I'm next...
Forlorn
Dead Neighbor pt2
My best friend went missing when I was a teenager.
Man's Best Friend
Acts of God are not covered by our policies at the Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline
All I hear is screaming and I don’t know how to escape
A Guide to surviving the Static
Saved By A Shaman But Lost
Forlorn
When I was younger, I was told I was never allowed to leave my room after 9pm, one night I discovered why. (Part 4)
I found a mysterious box on my doorstep. But I never thought opening it would change my life forever.
The remains of my son
I work at a gaming cafe and it has a few strange rules #4 [Final]
jsut a test
My best friend I've known since preschool is missing. I found something incredibly disturbing in his house. (Part 2)
“My blood is black, and my skin is red”
I found a mysterious box. I never thought opening it would change my life forever.
The itch you just can't scratch
There is something weird going on at the hospital I work at. Part 2.
Little Ria doesn't look like her mom.
My mother was a baker
I found a mysterious box on my doorstep. I never thought opening it would change my life.
My life is in huge danger and i can't ask for help.
All of the women in my family die at age 27. I turn 28 in 2 hours and 32 minutes.
DE JAVU
Never go to bed Angry.
My dreams have always been very realistic
The Loner
My daughters nightmares keep coming true. I think we are both in danger.Dark Hope
My Friend, Ben
My Friend, Ben
Almost..
I know what insomnia can do and it's unlike anything I have ever seen before.
Almost got away with it too
A man pays me 300 dollars a day to look after his house. I don’t think I should have taken the job (Part 2)
Her, Julia
Gallows Humor is hard to understand. I'm learning.
I built a whole bunch of AIs, from one based on Reddit threads to a sexy bot to one on banned books,.. even the Ricky Gervais show!
Gallows humor or is hard to understand. I'm learning.
My Daughters Closet Friend
The New Tyfern kidnappings - My visions
My Daughters Closet Friend
Hi I just joined
Someone help me find someone important
I built a whole bunch of AIs, from one based on Reddit threads to a sexy bot to one on banned books,.. even the Ricky Gervais show!
The cellar bumps at night - part 2
Kool Aid Man
Don't go looking at curses.
Mr. Fink’s Mansion
Her name is Mummy.
She is Mummy
Here is what to do if your bedroom door keeps opening at strange times in the middle of the night!
My friend turned into something
My new boss expects everyone to really put themselves into their work
We found a statue of a woman down by the river - Part 3 - The Kothepo
“Him”
My girlfriend hasn’t moved in months
In my town, there's a legend about a creature that poisons you, and takes over your mind and body, destroying anything that gets in it's way. I didn't believe that legend, until it showed up in my bedroom.
The Irish Lass
I Found an Underwater Town
More
I went back to my grandfather’s house, that was the biggest mistake in my life
I'm a psychiatric doctor in the US Navy, and I received a strange letter from a colleague in Iraq
I am a vigilante who uses a strange smartphone app to find criminals - Part 1
Worms
Girl sat on the bed
Hohenwart Monastery
Baby monitor
I think I became a medium [Part 5]
Deal of the Jackal
I know when something is a lie. My journey so far
I know when something is a lie. I wish I didn’t [part 2]
I know when something is a lie. I wish I didn’t. [part 2]
ga,ecube
I work at an abnormal cafe pt3
I work at a very abnormal cafe pt3
I Broke My Own Rules (Part Two)
A week ago I didn't even remember, but now it's all I can think about.
I’ve been in a coma for 2,5 years now
The Boredom
Help me find someone. It's important. [Part 2]
Hey brain I really need to fall asleep I have a huge day tomorrow. “Brain”- well do you remember in 2012 when you did that grungy cringe thing that still gives you icy goosebumps. “Me” yup, let’s relive it over and over for the next 3 hours.
My girlfriend hasn’t moved in months
Uni
A confession from the 1%
To the man who took everything from me.
day 7
I have no idea what to call this.
Just Another Camp Legend
The other one? Oh, him! (Part one of two)
My dog, Mr Midnight [Part 2]
My dog ran away last night
My Uncle Used to be a Cop, This is the Case that Made Him Quit
Holes
The other unknown virus that requires closeness instead of social distancing
What day is it?
There's something odd about Nina (Part Two)
I’m trapped in a bunker with a malevolent AI. I must pass 3 trials to be set free. (Finale)
I never believed in the Paranormal, but this case changed that(1)
Have you ever seen a Meat Ball/Meat Centaur in Florida, or something like this?
Chaos × Madness +Confusion = Shit is happening.
Never trash talk a karen...
My best friend I've known since preschool is missing. I found something incredibly disturbing in his house. (Part 1)
Spiritualist: Exploration notes of the past
16 ovens
i browsed r/nosleep and then sleept
There is something crawling on my roof every night at 4:33 am
The contents of a camera I found while exploring the woods our town shares with Cornwall are endlessly disturbing and have been the source of my nightmares since, so I warn you to turn back now if you wish to save yourself from a similar fate.
He Who is Like God
I am pregnant and my baby is eating me up from the inside - Part 3: Not with a bang but with a whimper
Molasses Ranch
The Evil Of Barrison Plantation
Apparently I've had a girlfriend for the past 3 years - Part 3
One second I was a man, the next I was a raccoon
So I'm looking for a story.
The hunted
If you're ever planning a trip to Thailand, just remember swimming through water filled caves is a BAD idea
There's a lab that pretends to research a cure for cancer. It's time they were exposed. | part 2
I've been playing a single game of Scrabble for months nonstop. Today, it ended.
I will never watch Avatar: The Last Airbender again.
I Am A Deep Web Archivist - Automated final message
Interesting
What is your scariest encounter
The hospital I started to work at has a 100% success rate
Friend Request
famished
Do NOT Open Your Eyes... (Pt. 1)
Do NOT open your eyes. (The Beginning)My scary story
My Best Friend Saw Bugs Under His Skin
I built a whole bunch of AIs, from one based on Reddit threads to a sexy bot to one on banned books,.. even the Ricky Gervais show!
I picked up a hitchhiker by mistake, now he's in control..
I'm tasked with killing nameless things out in the desert, 1/4
I’m being hunted by the creature in the woods SLIGHTLY GRAPHIC
I work at a gaming cafe and it has a few strange rules #3
General Rantish
No one in my family is ever buried or cremated. I just discovered what they do with the corpses.
Silence is gold (pt 1) *might be sensitive to some people*
Silence pt 1 (might be sensitive to some people)
I'm a therapist who specializes in abused children. Ever since I started seeing my new patient, something has been happening.
A man pays me 300 dollars a day to look after his house. I don’t think I should have taken the job. (Part 1)
I built a whole bunch of AIs, from one based on Reddit threads to a sexy bot to one on banned books,.. even the Ricky Gervais show!
A man pays me 300 dollars a day to look after his house. I don’t think I should have taken the job. (Day 1)
One second I was a man, the next i was a raccoon
I'm a rich, powerful person and I know exactly what has been going on this year.
That which kills me, makes me stronger.
NECROMANCY – PATIENT RECORD CL2315615
I'm an Uber driver, I retire tomorrow, and I've seen some interesting things driving back from Finnegan's cemetery.
I will never larp again
Disappearance of my childhood home on diwali eve
I killed him here, in this very hallway with its long red carpet, where the 18th century portraits hang all-knowing...
The Neighbors Dog
The Shadow in the Attic
My friend went missing a few months ago. I found something incredibly disturbing in his basement. (Part 1)
The mystery caller
I built a whole bunch of AIs, from one based on Reddit threads to a sexy bot to one on banned books,.. even the Ricky Gervais show!
Whatever you do, don't ever hang your hands off the edge of the bed
And I will always love you
sleep is the least of your problems
sleep is the least of your worries
just not sleeping is the easy part
no sleep is bad
drunk guy
drunk guy gets no sleep and makes bad decisions
The man at the window (Pt.1)
A man pays me 300 dollars a day to take care of his house. Not so sure I should have taken the job.
I kill people legally
I Hunt Reverse Vampires: Four Beeps
My mom keeps knocking on my door
My Dead Mom Is Knocking On My Door
My Mom keeps Knocking On My Door.
Every Night Something Knocks at my Door, Tomorrow I Will let It In (part 1)
Hold me close
Diary Of A Mad Man
Hold me close
The Trouble
I am not a serial killer, but i got fantasies like one!
PREZZ OF THE USSSS OF AAA
My relatives lived peacefully in a big and cheap rental house, until one thing happened and it changed everything.
Prez of the YYUEE ES OF AYEE
'Not a mistake'
The man in the woods by Rylee rose
One second I was a man, the next I was a raccoon
The man in the woods
I recently got an abortion
Tantrum
I run a museum of cursed objects. I'll tell you about the road sign.
Half Rock cave part 2.
He is gone.txt (my first "original" creepypasta, probably will be crappy and full of cliches, but please give me a chance to get better, and tell me what i can improve upon in my writing, your advice would be greatly appreciated, so i can create better future horror stories...)
I own a boutique that offers full body transformations to customers in need of a new identity. [3]
I thought it was just a stomachache.
HE. WON'T. LEAVE
why. won't. he. leave.
Found a subreddit about me (update)
I Didn't Push Her.
I'm a good person
The Legend of the Hulaghoul
I Broke My Own Rules (Part Two)
The Legend of the Hulaghoul
The Demon Under the bridge
Last Call for Alcohol
In the night garden
Someone has hijacked my friend
The Corpse and the Fool
My best friend that I've known for 20 years has gone missing. I found something extremely disturbing in his house. (Part 1)
The Piece Called "Facing Terror".
Inception sleep paralysis
It sounded like a siren.
Sleep paralysis (Inception)
It sounded like a siren.
Blinding Lights
A man knocked on my door and offered me 10% off of pest control service. Now I wish I accepted his offer.
i would donate more
A Demonic Possession on Lake Bisteneau
About Primer
Vengeance.
A presence in the dark
Vengeance and Salvation
I Trapped My Best Friend in A Computer Game 16 Years Ago
My Addiction Story Pt 1 of 2
A spoon full of morphine helps the person go down.
(Trigger warning) I don't know if I will die
I think I became a medium [Part 4]
I sent them there to die, and they brought me along (Pt. 1)
You always loved spending time with your older brother
What the Clown Gave Me
Midnight road
I live alone with my motherMemory?
Friend ?
You and me and they
He wanted
When I was younger, I was told I was never allowed to leave my room after 9pm, one night I discovered why. (Part 3)
Best Friends ForEVER
So I Got Kidnapped and Now the Other Girl is Saying We're His Twins? (Part one)
I went camping with my wife and I finally left the woods . (Part 3)
SNUFF - Mother
The Fireworks
The logs of &amp;@$;)/4
My drug dealer had a dark secret.
The dressing table
I can’t attain sleep paralysis
I Broke My Own Rules (Part One)
The missing shadow
The Shadow
The house in the valley
Do not visit the train station past midnight
I’m being charged with murder. I didn’t even do anything.
Capgras Syndrome
The Electric Man
The old house in the valley
I went to my friend’s sixteenth birthday, and it turned out that the ”barbecued burgers” they were serving were actually barbecued children...
It's not like I wanted to, you know.
Paranormal YouTubers/Youtube channels
Log of research in &amp;@$;)/4 research station.
Anybody knows actual good/serious youtubers who post paranormal stuff?
Help me find someone. It's important.
My wife was acting weird and I finally found out why.
My wife was acting weird and I finally found out why.
NECROMANCY – PATIENT RECORD CL2315615
I’m so very hungry
WARNING: THE SOUNDS
The clown at my birthday party
I built a whole bunch of AIs, from one based on Reddit threads to a sexy bot to one on banned books,.. even the Ricky Gervais show!
Something scared the sh-t out of my monitors and all my friends are concerned
Do you guys get jerks when trying to fall asleep? It’s super annoying but more annoying thing is something else I get a jolt of adrenaline with it.
My Local Diner Isn't So Charming
Maligate the clock demon (my first story I've ever write)
never ben charged with a cime
The Legend of the Hulaghoul
The Queen of Bisteneau (Part 2)
The Devil Washed Up On The Lighthouse Shore
There's a lab that pretends to research a cure for cancer. It's time they were exposed.
Stalking Season
I’m being charged with murder. I didn’t even do anything.
Ronald McDonald's basement
Ну что? Страшные истории из моей жизни
When I was a child we lived in a copy-paste neighborhood
Ronald McDonald's basement
I play music to dead people, today they played one back
I play music to dead people, today they played on back
They called the wrong number... but it was all planned.
I’m an Apple Farmer and something far worse than worms is ruining my crops
I saved my dog's life again
Don't Interact With Build A Bears
The Sally Room
My corporation actually cares about us. Unless we ignore the teddy bear.
There’s something odd about Nina...
I’m a high school teacher who just bought a lap dance from a former student. Now a dozen people are dead.
“Him”
“Him”
Guy from Restaurant
real live ghosts hunt tonight join us if you dear !!!!!!
Always turn off the lights (part 3)
Strange strangers.
I am pregnant and my baby is eating me up from the inside -Part 2: Into the Forest
Why I hunt monsters : Reason 4 "I don't like disappearing"
I am a therapist that specializes in abused children. Ever since I started seeing my new patient, something been happening
"The Telescope" (First Horror Story)
NSFW I'm a therapist who specializes in abused women and children. Something is after me since I started working with my newest patient
I had the worst nightmare after playing the ouija board.
My Lucy
My Lucy - Part 1 (Re-write)
White Room, Red Door
NEVER SUMMON MINYUKI... EVER
Burying memories to move forward
Insomnia will be the death of me
I visited my grandfather, what I saw scarred me.
Little Lights
I saved my dog's life again
This was a true story
I'm usually the only person to ride the last scheduled train. But this time, I wasn't alone.
It all started 5 days ago. I kept waking up at 3 AM
I was stalked and attacked by cryptid while camping.
A cure for apathy, soliloquy of a madman.
Vengeance and Salvation
Here I stand- 1.Seeing Anew
The Deleted Channel Part 2: Best Friend Tag
The only time I gave a one star Uber rating.
I work at an abnormal cafe pt2
never celebrate Christmas. If you do now, stop
My Sister and I Tried to Catch the Tooth Fairy - A Warning
I contacted something unnatural by mistake
I’ve often thought I was cursed, but now there’s no doubt.
I Hunt Reverse Vampires: Three Promises
Why I hunt monsters : Reason 4 "I don't like disappearing"
Tether
I run an Air BnB. it’s free, but it has some unusual rules. Part 5: The PaparboyMy Grandfather Told Me A Hunting Story
If you hear your neighbors screaming turn back NOW.
We found a statue of a woman down by the river - Part 2 - The Great Scam Pan
Strange strangers
I needed to make a post so i could join nosleep
My grandmother was a professional singer. We uncovered some of her origin story.
I’ve been wanting to watch Avatar: The Last Airbender lately. But there’s a reason why I haven’t yet.. and probably never will.
The Speck
My family is part of something horrible
I’ve been wanting to watch Avatar: The Last Airbender lately. But there’s a reason why I haven’t.. and why I probably never will.
I work at a secret government facility.What I see will scare you. Part 1
I’m trapped in a bunker with a malevolent AI. I must pass 3 trials to be set free. (Part 2)
Reviving old hi-fi tech
Recycling hi-fi
Tiny Hands in my Mouth
The Trials - Part 1
The Sadness of Boston Murphy
The Sadness of Boston Murphy
There is something weird going on at the hospital I work at. Part 1.
She likes watching me.. alot
Nightsounds
She’s staring at him.
We were told not to break quarantine. I think we've upset the locals.
She’s staring at him
The Melancholic Death of the Psychotic Dr. Night Train - Part 2
Something in the dark...
I saw your face
My girlfriend finally had the courage to introduce me to her friends
I bought a knife off amazon, and now my daughters doll is missing with the knife.
My daughter's first words (Part 3)
Something posses the children in my neighborhood and uses them as puppets.
By 1948, beheading by the guillotine was still the official form of capital punishment in France. I was an executioner. [Part 4]
I want to learn how to leave Russia in the United States
My younger brother can see ghosts. One day he saw one in a portrait.
Unknown Creepy Phone Calls
SNUFF - The Tattoo
A Girl is stalking me.
Don't resist the Thing in the Hospital : 1
Weird Home Video
Midnight Snack
The Girl In the Yellow Dress..
A blizzard caused something terrifying to happen two winters ago
I think I became a medium [Part 3]
I should've never have answered that text
There is something haunting the forests of Sweden - by Henry R. Enos
My life's story (Part 1)
I work at a very abnormal cafe
When I was 5
The Hereafter
Some Things Last A Long Time
Why I'll Never Use An Ouija Board Ever Again
Red Ice
MONANDER
The Hundred Eyed God: My mean stepdaughter &amp; my eldritch workout
My boyfriend is roommates with his sister, but their relationship is tainted [PART 2]
Here I stand. 1. Seeing anew
I checked into a weird hotel with an even weirder set of rules.
A sketchy chat app has been rising in popularity, and I found out why. (Part 3)
A hacker is stalking me. PART 1
Flirt with a NSFW-built AI, never has a headache and answers 24/7!
The Cellar bumps at night
My father was a preacher and a murderer...
The worship mall
The Tape (Part Three
August
I don’t trust mirrors...
The world behind a TV screen
Can someone please fix the AC at the Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline?
AEROMANCY - PATIENT RECORDS: EM0140021
My island has a murderer
My baby cousin's witches
I witnessed my own funeral a week ago.
When love burns out.
never go into the rain part 1
Tapping in the attic
I just had this dream.
Why Use Disclaimers?
Grand Theft Auto 5 ruined my marriage.
I’m a high school teacher who just bought a lap dance from a former student. Now I’m teaching her how to kill people.
I was born with a runaway heart.
I know he’s dead. But he’s telling me what I saw didn’t happen...
A story my dad just told me...
I am not scared anymore...
questions to a broken lifetime
The Tape (Part Three)
Dad's Basement
I Was A Rebel
J.J. Westwood is doing the Lord's work on a soap box outside a Marsden Shanty
The Witch in the Comments. DO NOT reply to her.
My best friend owns a haunted doll. [Part 1]
The Witch in the Comments. DO NOT reply to her!
My Lucy (Part 1)
My Lucy (Part 1)
Why I hunt monsters : Reason 3 "The monsters keep coming to me"
Red Ice
طريقة عمل دجاج بالكاري
The man outside my window.
Kind of panicked right now
who help me register my account below give $ 1000 free?
I went on a murder rampage, but trust me it wasn't meI went on a murder rampage, but trust me it wasn't me
I went on a murder rampage, but trust me it wasn't me
There's a battle between Heaven and Hell, and I've been asked to take a side. Part 5.
Don't look back!
I feel like I’m being watched when I’m trying to sleep
dont play roblox
I work at an very abnormal cafe
My brother went missing in the woods and I found him, but something’s not right [Part Four]
The secret on my chest
True creepy tall man horror story part 1
We have been stationed on the moon since 1988. There's a reason it has been kept a secret. (Final)
A little thing that has been on my chest
It is find to difficult to grow your channel for brand and personnally click on the link
I've attended and worked at the same summer camp for the last 15 years. The ghosts are the least of your worries.- FINAL
The cafe I work at is abnormal to say the least
Cottage Story
I think there's someone living in the upstairs apartment, and it's not the neighbor
I slay monsters for a living. A tale of two monsters.
Dreams and our consciousness
The hall
nonono
I checked into an odd hotel with a weird set of rules.
On My Mind
Go straight ahead.
The Hitchhiker
Beware of the Detroit Flatheads
A Night Run to Remember
The Walking Man
A sketchy chat app has been rising in popularity, and I found out why. (Part 2)
Micky mouse almost took me
Nicky mouse almost took me
The Forever Game
I had a real bad day
Found a subreddit about me
How to see spirits without the ‘gift’
I am pregnant and my baby is eating me up from the inside
I am pregnant and my baby is eating me up from the inside
Adoption is for life.
I Bought Some Supplements Online, But I'm Begging You Not To
Sean..
I am babysitting for a client with some disturbing rules. I thought they were all fake until something happened...
My Twin
My Twin
My Brother Hates Me. I Don’t Have A Brother.
A Family Vacation Gone Wrong
I’m Trapped.
Night, Night
Muffled screams
When I was younger, I was told I was never allowed to leave my room after 9pm, one night I discovered why. (Part 2)
I can't look away from my closet. I can't do anything.
Me and my friends saw our animated versions, until they weren't animated anymore
I can't close my eyes. I can't look away.
When I was younger, I was told I was never allowed to leave my room after 9pm, one night I discovered why. (Part 2)
I did warn him.
Dream Job
The old woman on my street. Video included.
Rotten
Three paths appeared in the woods behind my house. The third led back home.
I've definitely been here before, and I need help: The Test Call
Eating me up from the inside
My friend is a witch, and I like it--I think . . .
Gramma
I found something CREEPY in a SpongeBob flash game, his name is Yummer.
I Hate Rest Stops. Sincerely.
Somethings are just not meant to be found
I Walked Up The Stairs In The Woods
Last night, I went out for a run and heard something horrible.
The innocence of children is astounding. In my case, it’s terrifying...
Jimmy’s Uncle was Nice.
Things to do when affiliated with the Strangelove and Kraft Occult Museum: No words
I’m trapped in a bunker with a malevolent AI. I must pass 3 trials to be set free.
I think I became a medium [Part 2]
My daughter's first words (Part 3)
A Pickled Plum
My daughter's first words (Part 3)
Ms California
Mothman / Dark Humanoid Recently Encountered Along Ohio River Near Chesapeake, OH
Spiritualist: Angels are good right?
I plan to turn myself in soon By the_weird_writer♥︎
Loads of people have imaginary friends. Mine were just a bit more... real.
I plan to turn myself in soon
Everyone one has imaginary friends. Mine are just a bit more... real... [PART ONE]
Window Creeper
Window Lurker
I met the cutest guy last night!
143 - part 3/3
the cow man
The Tape (Part Two)
Window Lurker
I found a mirror and it nearly destroyed me.
Adviser
Escalation of Force
HYDROMANCY- PATIENT RECORD AR1967378
Hello
Do you believe in demons? I do. (Part 2)
My apartment window doesn't look outside.
Rotten
I am a time traveler.
"THRIFT SHOP"
Time AttackKnock,Knock,Knock
"THRIFT SHOP"
"THRIFT SHOP"
Even though my wife is still pregnant, I've already seen the baby. It threatened to abort itself.
A guide to navigating your way through damnation (pt1)
I went on a murder rampage but trust me it wasn't me
I Don't Celebrate My Birthday
I’m a high school teacher who just bought a lap dance from a former student. I’ve officially hit rock bottom.
NoSleep. MissingDad_Error
The Tapping Boy
Do you see the falling room?
I went on murder rampage , but trust me it wasn't me
The Black Web
Can you see the falling room?
The Tape (Part Two)
I took a job as a night security guard at a medical facility, on a secluded island just off-shore. If I'd have known the kind of work they did out on that island, I never would have taken the job...
Under the Minaret
I think I have accidentally become the monster that lurks in the woods
What better place than the woods?
My kids have no idea I exist
We found a statue of a woman down by the river
I was watching RuPauls Drag Race and Netflix screwed my life
Netflix Is Evil
Gramps never mentioned the carnival...
Dream Job
Don’t let them in.
Never install a automatic chat bot
The Glowing Lake
Should I be scared
Horrors of India...
The Demon Lurks
Netflix Is Evil
Have you ever seen the field of red lights?
I'm in charge of telling the story of my dear sister Evelyn
Short bit of a story I'm working on. Any thoughts?
Days
I can't fall in love with anyone. It is a matter of life and death.
No reason to live.
No reason to live.
No reason to live.
No reason to live.
My Friend Joel Got Lost In The Woods (3)
The house on North high Drive (Part 1)
Pay attention to emergency tests
Kilter's Account of the Gruesome and Ghastly [Part 4]
The Hunted
I used to be a vet for a zoo mostly for the big cats and snakes and i found something... Interesting
Barrel of Laughs
Chat with a question-answering AI based on Banned Books
My boyfriend is roommates with his sister, but their relationship is tainted [PART 2]
Blackwoods Bend Part Sixteen - Final Part - The Forbidden Tree
My boyfriend is roommates with his sister, but their relationship is tainted [PART 2]
My flatmate put a curse on me using her jinns and I don't know what to do
I'm being followed by a malicious spirit
My flatmate put a curse on me using her jinns and I don't know what to do
From the desk of Admiral Smithers
From the desk of Admiral Smithers
I Live Next to Hell
I made fun of a guy who asked me to dating, now he wants to kill me.
I went searching through home videos. Something doesn’t add up.
From the desk of Admiral Smithers
From the desk of Admiral Smithers
Organ Donor
He got Chucked
Barrel of Laughs
From The Desk Of Admiral Smither
SNUFF - Dustin Geller
My daughter's first words (Part 2)
My day was ruined.
I was a millionaire and I didnt even know it.
I was a millionaire and I didnt even know it.
The Late Night Taco Bell Scare!
I was a millionaire and I didnt know it. (Confusing and creepy)
Time Attack
Time Attack
I know when something is a lie. i wish i didn't
Three paths appeared in the woods behind my house. The second led to a waterfall.
Late night Taco Bell scare!
A sketchy chat app has been rising in popularity, and I found out why. (Part 1)
I discovered something by accident, now the entire US government wants me dead.(PART 1)
Weird Home Video
I can see my future and see what happen days before it happens
The monster my family lived with had rules. I was thirteen when I learned what happens when you break them.
Days at The Fryer Joint
All I ask is that you read this. I need answers
I'm Cupid's brother and this is my first and final story.
Things to do when affiliated with the Strangelove and Kraft Occult Museum: Using a makeshift Ouija board
All I ask is that you read this. I need answers.
A sketchy chat app has been rapidly rising in popularity, and I found out why. (Ch. 1: Installation)
What Have I Become
"Hold on, Nitram went to go get the Gameboy!"
I just feel like ending my life
My boyfriend is roommates with his sister, but their relationship is tainted
Always Check Your Pockets
No Good Deed (Part 2)
Writer's block
A short story
Always Check Your Pockets
My last texts with my best friend.
Down by the waterThe Wound that Bites.
I took a job as a night security guard at a medical facility, on a secluded island just off-shore. If I'd have known the kind of work they did out on that island, I never would have taken the job...
I signed up for a psychology experiment at school--I'm pretty sure I've made a huge mistake.
Days at The Fryer Joint
Looking for one story. It was about a woman who accepted a baby sitter job, but the baby was actually some short guy. Anyone know which one this is?
Need help on making a deal with the chief in control.
am i all ways going to going to be one thouhgt away from loosing my gun rughts?
I just started working at a church and the priest gave me some weird rules. (Part 1)
We cover all of the mirrors at night.
I was assigned a search and rescue mission. Something isn’t right.Part 1
The Tape (Part One)
I'm an anomalous entity researcher, and something impossible happened last week.
BIBLIOMANCY: PATIENT RECORD SA1948526
There’s Something in the Water and it Followed Me in Mountain
Everyone goes a little mad sometimes. My father went mad when I was only four...
Thanks my mom was there
There is a hidden lab for mind experiments. If you ever find yourself there, you're screwed.
I never should have questioned where I learned to whistle.
I found a strange message on my way home from school and there was a body attached 1/2 reupload bc of issues
anyone here to get scary story ideas for their assessments?
Something weird happened when I was gaming the other night. Now it's all come to a head.
Dark person in a dark room (True Incident)
We have been stationed on the moon since 1988. There's a reason it has been kept a secret. (Part 5)
Allison if you're reading this i'm coming to save you.
My past self sent me present.
Saturday Night At My Fathers (true story)
I Completely Changed My Life Around With This Self-Help Method. I Think I’m Beginning To Lose My Mind Because Of It Now. (Part 1)
The signs in the Maine wilderness read "bloodsucker territory." Believe them or die.
What Marijuana Strains Work Best for Sleep?
I Completely Changed My Life Around With This Self-Help Method. I Think I’m Beginning To Lose My Mind Because Of It Now. (Part 1)
I found a message on my way home from school and I don’t think it was an accident 1/2
I found a message on my way home from school and I don’t think it was an accident. (1/2)
Stories for comic needed!
I was afraid of the dark, now I know the real reason why.
It's been hard to breathe since my uncle died
I thought cats couldn't open doors, untill today...
The thing in the woods
A Video Rental Store Just Opened On My Block- Part Four
The Screams from the Basement
I think I became a medium
After he died, he contacted me exactly the way he said he would.
my name is ***** *****
Im a night owl and I saw creatures that no being has seen but only told through rumors
My boyfriend is roommates with his sister, but their relationship is tainted
I am a night owl and I saw what no being has ever seen but told in rumors
My name is Remy Lake and my last mission sent me to Green Leaf, the haunted forest.
Losing Someone
I fell down a bottomless pit, but that wasn't the worst part
I saw something on a family vacation I'll never be able to forget. Was the lady really dead?
Please watch yourself out there, there are people pretending to be cops and the police lines are busy because of protests.
The Dollhouse, Part IV
I think I'm becoming something less than human [PART 1]
I woke up in the middle of the night at my grandmother’s house.
It’s Not Just A Dream
Our Subject Started Seeing Demons After Staying Awake Too Long
The Deleted Channel Part 1: My Morning Routine
I woke up at 3 am, the sky is red and my neighbours are floating
It’s very possible I had a visitor in my room last night.
My Attic
Godmouth
Gordon Smith and Jeremy Dare Have Been Missing for 21 Years. This Log Written in By Both of Them Sporadically Recounts Their Last Month Alive.
There aren’t any mice in my house, and I’m terrified.
How to Survive Camping: Rule #1 - yes, finally gonna talk about this one
Today was supposed to be June 1, 2020, but I woke up in January 1, 2019...
Today is supposed to be June 1, 2020 but I woke up in January, 1, 2019
A story that happened to my dad at the hospital where he works.
She still follows me
The mysterious disappearances on board The Pretty Milla and El Tubercúlo
Repercussions of Freezing Time
True scary story: The man in the rocking chair
Blackwoods Bend Part Fifteen - The Road
My dog Buddy, or so I thought was my dog.
If you hear tapping on your window, she's found you
Never go to lake house hotel... (part one)
My Personal Collection of Asylum Letters: I Have Come to the Age When My Father Died
Scarlet Trees: Chapter Two
SIREN HEAD-original person. who made this monster trevor henderson
A dark sky and an endless road.
What Happened When We Called the Cops and They Came: Beyond All Comprehension
I'm a Piano Teacher. I'm Worried About One of My Students. (Part 4) The Finale.
I was given one week to write a novel. I'm afraid of what'll happen even if I finish it.
My brother and I are being left home alone for the weekend. Someone just broke into our house.
What Man Wasn’t Meant To Know (Part 8)
I work at an aquarium and something bad is happening (part 2)
Plane, club, nother club, bus, nother club, plane, no sleep, club, plane, nother club
My career isn’t always dangerous, but clients can be unpredictable
[3] I found a box of old journals in my father's house. Something seems eerily real about them.
The Dream
Hell is going out of service.
HELP my terrifying ghost attack last night.
Sometimes my Furnace Screams.
I wish I never saw what my future had in store for me.
Now you can have that peaceful expression forever.
I Don't Celebrate My Birthday
The Old Lady on the Train
"We Were Wrong About the Zombie Apocalypse" - Rewritten
I'm a Piano Teacher. I'm Worried About One of My Students. (Part 4: The Finale)
Yesterday I had 3 kids, today I have 4
Do you believe in Demons? I do. There's one in my bedroom. (Part 2)
Never write a nosleep on your own at nightI decided to uncover my sister's secret.I wish I hadn't...(PART 8)
The Loners of the Dark Woods
I moved in my grandparents’ house. They have some weird rules about basement I have to follow [Part 1]
Always turn off the lights (part 2)
Pripyat Hospital
Grandma's Bones Won't Stop Growing
I think my wife and kids are actors
The Daycare I worked at was actually a place for Satanic Rituals
Crime scene cleanup job that will haunt me forever... [PART 1]
Three paths appeared in the woods behind my house. The first led me to a lost neighborhood.
I keep hearing my voice when I’m not talking, and now my mom and my roommate have, too.
Did you ever hear about the Gospel of Judas Iscariot? It's not a story the Church would tell you.
A Celebration of Life - The Melancholic Death of The Psychotic Dr. Night Train - Part 1
I Killed A Chupacabra
Can’t sleep and I wrote this! Am I gonna be a poet soon?
The satan is in my village.
Guns and Arrows
My Bedroom Used to Breathe
I Thought I Was Alone
Never write a nosleep on your own at night
I might have killed someone while I was sleeping
My parents are gone for the weekend, leaving my brother and I alone. Someone is trying to break into out home (True Story)
The Word You Shouldn't Search For
There's a new hidden show on Netflix where you choose your own adventure. I would NOT recommend it - FINAL PART
A drive into town
Hi I have a question, the app Idle Trains realy pay? thanks for your help
There is something disturbing going on at the hospital I work at. Part 1
Things to do when affiliated with the Strangelove and Kraft Occult Museum: Investigating a haunted school
Here in my bed
My family just moved into a new house, we found a strange set of rules to follow - part 4
Hitchhiking
I Found A Strange Letter In A Book From The Library
I make love to a werewolf every night. It terrifies me, but I can't stop myself.
The Hundred Eyed God: I found my roommate's journal
I am an only child and there is someone pretending to be my twin
If you have read borrasca
I received my final Amazon order today...
The Psychology Experiment
My name is Nemesis...
Do you believe in Demons? I do. There's one in my bedroom. (Part 1)
My first and last time at Kirby Road.
No Good Deed (Part 2)
No Good Deed (Part 1)
Here in my bed
The Memoirs of Your Average High School Serial Killer [PART ONE]
Jokingly, fearful and angered Oliversen told me...
Bad Dog (part 3) Final Part
Most Chilling Text Message from a Mother
Lock Your Doors (Part 1)
Bad Dog (Final part)
help me out
Lock Your Doors (Part 1)
Lock Your Doors (Part 1 of 3)
143 - part 2
I was afraid of the dark, now I know the real reason why - based on fears.
Lock Your Doors (part 1 of 3)
That’s Not My Mom
PRANK CALLING MY MALE FRIENDS ( *gone wrong🙆🏾‍♀️💔😫)
I was afraid of the dark, now I know the real reason why. (Based on fears)
paranoid thougts not real thoughts
I chased a UFO until it landed. What I saw come out of it will haunt me forever.
I went camping with my wife, but now I can’t leave the woods. (Part 2)
Tic Tock Tommy.
Words of Wisdom, Part 5
Please Help! Can't Sleep!
My co worker scared me for reasons I couldn’t describe.
Where Am I?
The Siren.
I need your suggestions for coming up with a horror story.
143 - part 2
The Man in the sewer (PT 1)
The man in the sewer (PT 1)
The man in the sewer
ONEIROMANCY- PATIENT RECORD MP1913330
I chased a UFO in a car until it finally landed somewhere. Then I saw what came out of it, and I think the world should know.
A creepy toy dream.
I am 12 years old, and I'm not supposed to be here. But I need your help.
Mimic
There’s a monster under my bed.
5 Miles and a Pit Full of Stone
The Bell ringer
S’il vous plaît essayer de rationaliser..
There’s a reason they don’t build staircases with eleven steps anymore. It’ll start with the sound of something climbing behind you.
Dad: *honking the horn* Me: Hold on Nitram went to go get the Game Boy!!! (Part 1)
Our town has a very specific set of rules — and you can either follow them or die.
I'm living my life backwards.
May 2020 contest nominations
NoSleep Interview with Grand_Theft_Motto!
I went to a room that materialises people mind
The Undying Patient -BAMC, SATX-
Do you wish to continue?
The Man at the Bus Stop
h
I’ve lost many a nights proper sleep by worrying deeply, and I’ve officially just destroyed all my internal demons.
A Trip Through Mandalay
The Everdream
I’m not Alone in this Bunker
Grandpa's War Story
I work on Midway Island, where the famous WWII battle took place. The birds nesting here are beginning to scare me, Pictures Included
Sometimes they perk up before the smell comesI am a 12 year old boy,and ever since I have been smoking something has been trying to contact me in real life and in my dreams from somewhere out of this world.
I see vines growing out of me
hehehehehe
My friend and I got in his car to chase a UFO. When it landed, we witnessed something much more horrifying.
For the past 19 years on the same date I've received a deeply unsettling envelope, but a tumour rarely comes alone.
The Writer
Daisies dont grow in down town De Vessi
Update To The Old Journal
I lost a tooth four years ago and now something else is replacing it
The Abyss gazes back
There's something inhuman blending into the protests
A trip into town
We Kidnapped A Girl For Ransom. I Still Regret It. PART 2
The mysterious disappearances on board The Pretty Milla and El Tubercúlo
I Hunt Reverse Vampires: Two Boots
Why the hell did I sign up for this job
The Black Well
I tell my friend a scary story during the graveyard shift at a restaurant that we work at, when the scary story starts to seem real.
I inherited my grandfather's cabin.
Looking for anyone who witnessed this disturbing human puppet show
My work has some strange on the job rules.
I run an Air BnB, it’s free, but it has a few unusual rules. (Part 4) Rule #5, The Paperboy.
Old Man Marley
My lifes Sentence.
Old Man Marley
Now you can have that peaceful expression forever
I won the lottery... I wish I hadn't
SNUFF - Cindy Lawson
I found a statue in the woods, now it haunts my dreams.
Blackwoods Bend Part Fourteen - The Confession of Daniel Frame
Crevices
SNUFF - Cindy Lawson
I found this writen in an old journal my little sister and I found.
I Summoned an Angel
When I was younger, I was told I was never allowed to leave my room after 9pm and one night I discovered why. (Part 1)
I took a sacred vow the day I married my wife.
Why I Fear the Dark [Part 1]
Someone threatened my high school club. Two days later, my best friend disappeared. Advice, legal or otherwise, is appreciated.
I've attended and worked at the same summer camp for the last 15 years. The ghosts are the least of your worries.- Cain (Part 11)
I don't really care that my parents are dead.
47 and a half Burton Street
A conversation that changed my life in a moment
On these mounds of rock and madness
Lightning
Lightning
Someone threatened my high school club. Two days later, my best friend disappeared. (Advice, legal or otherwise, is appreciated.)
I have flashback dreams that aren't mine.
I left my country to work as an assistant in a forest camp in Indonesia. I will never be the same again. (PART 2)
My Husband was Promoted
Maybe
Isolation
Know Fremasonry - Part 1
A 1930s Cartoon Character
A 1930s Cartoon Character
A 1930s Cartoon Character
The smell of cigarettes always reminds me of my dad
Isolation
something very strange happened to me while reading something from here.
something very strange happened to me while reading something from here.
I watched the moon disappear last night
Bad Dog (Final part)
I went to the attic my dead family had never opened for years.
I ACCIDENTALLY KILLED AN OLD WOMAN, NOW SHE WON’T LEAVE ME ALONE
They Come in the Night
I am a detective with the gift of second sight. Mysteries are happening around my town that even I can't solve.
A 1930s Cartoon
Sunlight Elementary isn't Haunted, its Something Far Worse
Do you ever recall a memory from your childhood realize it wasn’t as innocent as you remember?
The Vent Crawler
Lonely Hide and Seek
I heard a knock on the wall
The Dungeons Of Hell: Act I- The Rules Of The Dungeon
The reason I stopped Urban exploring
I've definitely been here before, and I need help.
Investigating my friend's suicide... His film partner was infuriating to talk to
Something crawled in bed with me last night, it wasn't my girlfriend...
The Stranger at the Pub
"Thou Shall Wither, Fool." - Part 1
"Thou Shall Wither, Fool" - Part (1/?)
The Wither - Part (1/?)
I am staying with an exchange family in Japan. Something very wrong is happening here - The Final Part
I made a creepypasta video go check it out:)
there reaction to me carying mace
Antique Radio
Time travel took me away from my zombie killing squad, and in the future we use muskets.
STATIC (Part 3)
Do you ever recall a memory from your childhood, and upon recanting it you realise it isn’t as innocent as you remember?
143 - part 1
Crispy Critters Part 2
There's a new hidden show on Netflix where you choose your own adventure. I would NOT recommend it - PART 4
femcan story i wrote
That damn buzzing sound
1 minute after 4:60am
Daisies dont grow in downtown de vessi
My first and last visit to Kirby Road.
I'm a Piano Teacher. I'm Worried About One of My Students. (Part 3)
My pretty little porcelain doll - Part I
the real reson
I'm having the time of my life
Having the time of my lifeThere was a Crying Child Under the Canal
WHAT POLISH POLICE DID TO MY WIFE'S DEAD BODY ON THE 30/5/2020.
My cats tried to warn me, but it was too late
We have been stationed on the moon since 1988. There's a reason it has been kept a secret. (Part 4)
WHAT POLISH POLICE DID TO MY WIFE'S DEAD BODY ON THE 30/5/2020.
ive have gotin death threts
The second moon landing
the mace is a tool only to be used in a life thretining situation
My sister can see things
I saw skinwalker or a dogman
crows and nightmares are normal or iam loosing it?
The forgotten library part 2
she let them touch me
Τhe Νightmare And The Crow
Where do I begin
People in my city are disappearing. Part 2.
musophobia
the devil isn't a cruel man
Water torture
The Moon Disappeared
Shadow
I Love Apple Pies
A VR RPG game that stole people from real life. [incomplete]
I can smell death
Can anyone see this? (Update)
Can anyone see this? (Update)
Can anyone see this? Update
Can anyone see this? Update.
I went camping with my dad, he dissapeared a couple minutes ago.
Skitters
Hello neighbor
Our school is flooding, And it wont stop
We've got it all wrong. God might not be that loving being we've been taught she is. Part 4.
Our school is flooding, and it won’t stop
I am not sure if I should've told you this
Shadow
Bad Dog (part 2)
The Nirvana Experiment
I sleep
I am not sure if I should've told you this
I am not sure if I should've told you this
I am not sure if I should've told you this.
My Brother's Best Friend Michael
That Day....
Peace Be With You
That damn buzzing noise
STATIC (End)
What is the best way to find and discover weird stuff on the internet?
All of Them Witches: Sorcerer (Part Five)
Lord they let that beast in fucking hell its killing us all
A ghost followed us at the burial
I can’t leave this subreddit
Peace Be With You
I can’t leave this subreddit
I can’t leave this subreddit
A Canadian Tale
It knows morse code
Blackwoods Bend Part Thirteen - The Red Room
Peace Be With You
the mace is for stupid pepole
A Vulgar Picture
Watch Out For Clicking in Your Walls
Old Hitori kakurenbo Video
Orang sebelah - The half man
I live in a strange jungle of pod dwellers &amp; I watched one of them die today..
1:35 AM, Give or Take Five Minutes, It’ll Climb in Bed
The Windmills have stopped moving, now I know why.
my crazy ex
My cult leader was killed but standing right in front of me.
I live in a strange jungle of pod dwellers &amp; I watched one of them die today..
I found out my girlfriend's dark secret
The cemetery I worked at had one rule, don't let them dig [Part 3] "The Curse"
Paranormal Experiences: The Ghost of the Girl (Part I)
The Box
The drawer
I kill for fun today I tell my story
I visited my old childhood tree-house. (Part 3)
I used to go to a highschool. Now i’m stuck here forever.
I think my online friend knows where I live-and wants to kill me
Night Watch in a Snow Storm
The Nightmare
A cure for apathy, symphony from a monster.
I Worked at a Chemical Plant, and made a Grave Mistake.
It's in the woods
The mirror made me do it, I swear.
I saved my dog's life last night
What Did You See - Part 1
I’ve been pushed into a basement, it’s dark, and... it smells like mushrooms... Oh, and I don’t like it very much.
The forest terror
It took my best friend...
My family just moved into a new house, we found a strange set of rules to follow - part 3
I'm staying in a hotel down in Tennessee for job training. There a odd set of rules in the bedside pamphlet. (Part 4)
It stank.
The Walkabout
It stank.
I can’t look out windows, or sleep in the dark because I’m afraid she’ll return. 100% true story.
The Haunted(?) Home Part One
have you ever felt this way before?
Mirror
Anyone know any extremely scary CreepyPastas?The Stalker (poetry)
Hell and back.
Because they don't like my singing.
Her name is Chase Collins
Copied from an anonymous Internet forum
I found a Reddit account filled with cute stories.
I stayed with friends in an apartment complex, the rules are kinda weird
Do you need job in US?
I am a patchwork man who was made by the Nazis in WWII, and I have one hell of a story to tell... [PART ONE]
I am a patchwork man, made from corpses by the Nazis during WWII. After breaking free in the war, I became an occult detective to the stars in the Freewheeling Fifties, in a haunted Hollywood where ghouls and glamour mix with Crime Noir... [PART ONE, CHAPTER ONE]
The Queen of Bisteneau
I have been infected by something unknown to medicine. Please help.
A very cold evening
I used to not believe in any kind of "off the physical world" but now all has changed (pt 1)
I have been infected by something unknown to medicine. Please help.
My dog buddy, or what I thought was my dog.
Sun Butter
Tales from Ettumanoor – My Grandmother had a Twin Sister
I live in a town called Beaver Falls and tonight we discovered the secret of the beavers [Final]
I'm slightly psychic. I can tell little details about people—their profession, for instance. One day I scanned my neighbor, an elderly old woman. She's a professional killer.
Old stories I think about in quarantine
Beware the Jabberwock
Can someone make a really good story about sleep paralysis?
Can someone make a really good story about sleep paralysis?
There's Something Wrong With The Other People On My Bus [Part 5]
i had a C.W.P. for four years and never had a problem
One way to make a deal with the Devil is to play his medley, but it doesn't work for everyone.
The Ghosts In My House
There's a new hidden show on Netflix where you choose your own adventure. I would NOT recommend it - PART 3
I can see death in people
Morphine Revelations
there goiing to spred lies about me and say that i was fliping out and going crazy
The Ghosts in my house
Have you ever been locked in love?
I was so proud of my wife for becoming an organ donor. One year after her death she asked to be reassembled.
I found a disturbing yoga stream. If I stop watching, I can't save her.
Something is moving behind the clouds and I just had to amputate my brother's arm.
[Part 1]The train.
Grandpa
If you’re in the path of severe weather today I think you should hear what happened last night. Video included.
THE GATES OF HELL
Ghost Guide #1 (Kuchisake-Onna)
Grandpa
Some Employees don’t make it past Training at the Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline
People in my city are disappearing. Part 2
People in my city are disappearing. Part 2.
If you ever find a castle deep in the English woods, run...
Eternal
The mirror made me do it, I swear
Drip
Something crying in room
Cats have feelings too...
I Introduced My Girlfriend To My Parents
My dog, Mr Midnight [Part 2]
My Daddy's Workshop - End of Journal
A girl named Georgia
I was dreaming?
"Did you see me at the burial?"
I feel like I was in asleep but it felt so real?
What’s In The Woods At Night?
Crispy Critters Part 1
I found a creepy note in the woods
I took my usual night run last night &amp; I was chased by someone...or something...
I found a creepy note in the woods
Please let me sleep
dfd
Joe the ghost
The forgotten library
That scratching and thumping noise I hear every night.
Half Rock Cave part 1
The Women in the Wall
Are You Ever Truly Safe At Home?
I see the same bird everyday, he just stares.
They're Here.
A girl from my first grade class has been ruining my life. Part 2
It has been twelve hours, and I need answers.
We are gone, but I don’t know where.
Help me pls. I may be cursed by reading the story
All of Them Witches: Forest of the Black Roses (Part Four)
POWER PRINCESS
The Satanists were some what right....
My Talk With An Elder
The Satanists were kinda right....
A
Just Another Liar - Note One
Blackwoods Bend Part Twelve- My Haunted History
The man with an axe
The house of hex (Part 1)
The Storm
It's 3am,and something's come a-knockin'
The Satanists were kinda right
It's 3am,and something's come a-knockin'
Ice Blue
somebody help me
The cemetery I worked at had one rule, don't let them dig [Part 3] "The Curse"
My Friend Just Dropped Dead in Front of Me
Adam Wicker
The Family Dog
the cellar
The cemetery I worked at had one rule, don't let them dig [Part 3] "The Curse"I Hunt Reverse Vampires
Yellow worms
I went camping with my wife, but now I can’t leave the woods.
Farmhouse Nightmares…
I Found An Anime Video On An Old Phone, I Never Wanna See It Again.
The Haircut
There is something in my house
Marigold's Playplace
143 (Part 1)
Beautiful Dreams
Smaerd Lufituaeb
The Old Lady on the Train
Why I hate ravens... (birthday special) DISCLAIMER: BAD FORMATTING (mobile)
Falling Apart, Together
The cemetery I worked at had one rule, don't let them dig [Part 3] "The Curse"
Falling Apart, Together (X-post /r/shortstories)
My son isn't sleeping well, i now know why.
The cemetery I worked at had on rule, don't let them dig. [Part 3] "The Curse"
The cemetery I worked at had one rule, don't let them dig. [Part 3] "The Curse"
{This is to be narrated and posted in YouTube}
The neighbor poisoned me. I recount my story to you as I lay here dying, with my mother by my side..
Am I hallucinating
I found a cabin while hiking
Hidden Moments
Everyone's worried about Covid-19, I know I should be too, but my neighbour is up to something and that worries me so much more
There is a man Swimming in the sky
A strange request
Can anyone see this?
I worked at what i thought was a kindergarte
The Forest terror
Charlie and Kate
Has Anyone Seen the NETFLIX Show ‘KIBBLE’?
I'm a Piano Teacher. I'm Worried About One of My Students. (Part 2)
RECOLLECTION
This is MY house!
Beware of Chase Collins
Never go alone to meet anyone from a friend-finding app!
Spiritualist: Memories are a pain
I live in a town called Beaver Falls. Tonight we went into the forest and witnessed something horrible [Part 2]
Cats have feelings too...
"Pandemic."
Cats have feelings too...
Cats have feelings too...
I am staying with an exchange family in Japan. Something very wrong is happening here – Part 6
My Talk With A 'Man'
I almost drowned.
Don’t look at the moon. (Part 1)
It took my best friend.....
I went to investigate supernatural phenomena in rural Tennessee and what I found was far beyond even my most hideous nightmares... [PART TWO]
Gary's Graveyard Games
I went to investigate supernatural phenomena in rural Tennessee and what I found was far beyond even my most hideous nightmares... [PART 2]
Happy Birthday Brighter Futures!
(Light and Brief NSFW) The Man Behind the Willow
I went to investigate supernatural phenomena in rural Tennessee and what I found was far beyond even my most hideous nightmares... [FINAL]
Fear Is A Funny Thing - Part 2
Whatever you do, don't take off your masks, and don't go outside if you hear these sounds. Sounds included.
For the purposes of the tape, please state your name and occupation
How Real Can Dreams Be?
Uno
Why I hunt monsters : Reason 2 "I don't like being watched every second"
The anomaly named Anna Marie
my crush has been acting weird lately and im not sure what to do
Why I believe in ghosts (3 Short Stories)
I'm a night nanny to a very special boy
AITA for getting mad at my daughter for not eating her dinner
How many of these are just fake storys
Words of Wisdom, Part 4
I work in my university lab and sometimes I decide to work remotely using TeamViewer
Sleep
Sleep
There are rules in my Neighbourhood, Never let the kid in yellow In.
The Forest Monster
I’m a night nanny to a very special boy…
Stay away from the ocean, it's not safe anymore.
I don't know who I just met.
This is the first horror story I've written, so I'd be thankful for some support!
For the past 19 years on the same date I've received a deeply unsettling envelope, and it was all spawned from a fractured mind
I don't know who I just met
My apartment had 12 rules I need to follow to stay alive (Part 3)
This has only happened once. So far.
Small Town Rumors. First post on reddit!!! Kinda long story!!! Please Enjoy
This only happened once. So far.
The things we do for clout...
[First Post on reddit] Wrote a small horror story just because.
My Daddy's Workshop
The Forest Monster
The Complimentary Box (Part.1)
I was part of a gameshow for the rich people. I have to hide from the things here...
(Light and Brief NSFW) The Man Behind the Willow
My neighbour hangs more than just clothes [Part 2]
My dog, Mr Midnight
There’s a blizzard which won’t stop. We’re trapped. (Part 1)
Quarantining sucked, but we're all hopeful it would soon be over
I took my usual night run last &amp; I was chased by someone...or something..
My grandfather used to board up the windows once every week at midnight
Our Pet SCAR
OMG its WOWWWWWWWWWWW!
Don’t surf the dark web alone
Our Pet SCAR
The huge apartment building - The welcome that gives me the place.Bad Dog
While installing a new ride at my family's waterpark, we woke something evil that laid dormant. I think it's in my house.
There’s a blizzard which won’t stop. We’re trapped. (Part 1)
Casualties of War
RUSSIAN SOAP OPERA
The Thing
Hay I was writing a book can I get opinions and whare do you think I should go with it
Bad Dog
Verdomd Huis Middle School: Part 1
I Watched a Really Dating Show when I was a Kid…
Gruwelijke Ervaring Middle School: Part 1
Top notch writing
I Took a Night Watchmen Job at My Local Mall, I Wish I Hadn't
The Police Interrogation of Melody Weber (Part One)
Something is happening in my small town and we need to figure out what before more people get hurt Part 2
Oblivion
There is something in my house
Ghost of Stowe Lake SF
I'm trapped in my bathroom, someone help.
Potential ghost?
Something is happening in my small town and we need to figure out what before more people get hurt Part 2
Always Vacant, Lights Always On
Something is happening in my small town and we need to find out what before more people get hurt Part 2
Everybody has their beliefs, until you realize it’s not what you thought.
how to stop sweaty hands and feet
All of Them Witches: Nightbird (Part Three)
I woke up holding the secrets of the universe
I’m seeing and hearing things that I hope aren’t there
There is something in my house
There's something in my house
Hell is other hikers | part 3
The Haunted Eggs Benedicc
Something Is Sinking Ships In The Atlantic, What We Discovered Was Terrifying
I slay monsters for a living. These are stories the government doesn’t want you to read.
My Dog, Buddy or so what I thought was my dog.
I've attended and worked at the same summer camp for the last 15 years. The ghosts are the least of your worries- I know what’s living in the woods (Part 10)
My apartment had 12 rules I need to follow to stay alive ( Part 3)
I started therapy and now my tattoos are changing.
Buddy, My Dog.
Blackwoods Bend Part Eleven - The Possession
Buddy, My Dif
The Spirit House
A Warning to Others - found in a Best Western hotel room
My family just moved into a new house, we found a strange set of rules to follow - part 2
The Thing Most Coveted
Reflection - Gothic Story
On the way to my childhood home, I realised that the road I was on to take me there was a terrifying portal into the unknown (FINAL)
i just wanna pee on the floor
i just want to pee on the floor
I just wanna pee on the floor
I just wanna pee on the floor
Fabulous Flora's Fantastic Garden
You always have a choice, but sometimes the choice is made for you
I took a job as a security guard at a medical center, I won't forget what happened next.
I took a job as a Medical Center Security Guard and I found some extra rules, I won't forget what happened next. (Possible part 1)
I got a teddy from a stranger, and a list of rules for survival ,,,,Final night
Her headstone
Creepy unknown stalker
BETH
How a door-to-door salesman convinced me to work for his company.
The cemetery I worked at had one rule, don't let them dig. [Part 2] "The heart"
Crappiest date of my life
My perents won't stop crying and i dont know why
Crappiest date of my life (Tinder)!
That night
Hey I’m so sorry this isn’t a story but I have a question about this subreddit.
That night
That night
The cemetery I worked at had one rule, don't let them dig. [Part 2] "The Heart"
Do you know the concealed web Part 1
The Room That Shouldn't Be There. Final Part.
It’s 3 am and I live alone, but someone’s in my kitchen sipping water.
Be careful with which houses you renovate
The cemetery I worked at had one rule, don't let them dig. [Part 2] "The Heart"
There's a new hidden show on Netflix where you choose your own adventure. I would NOT recommend it - PART 2
Be carful with which houses you renovate
I took a job in an abattoir. Now I have blood on my hands. But I don't quite know what kind of blood it is.
I live near a canyon, something is off this week.
Be careful with what houses you renovate
Hatred is a Potent Thing
Free me
The Hat Man - My first experience with sleep paralysis
i realized something about my dreams...
The creatures that lay beneath the ice
My family just moved into a new house, we found a strange set of rules to follow - part 2
It will snow. I know this.
Could I have some feedback for my YouTube channel?
Bizarre dreams I've been having
No matter how hard I try, nothing ever happens.
Challlllllenge
There's a new hidden show on Netflix where you choose your own adventure. I would NOT recommend it - PART 2
Something is happening in my small town and we need to find out what before more people get hurt Part 2
I'm staying in a hotel down in Tennessee for job training. There a odd set of rules in the bedside pamphlet. (Part 3)
Are you prepared to face death?
Substitute. (Part 5)
Substitute. (Part 4)
Substitute. (Part 3)
Substitute. (Part 2)
Substitute. (Part 1)
Our Pet SCAR_CreepyPastaOur Pet SCAR_CreepyPasta
The Red Door And The Cursed Necklaces
The Bride.
There's someone following the women in my family, and it's my turn.
Something is happening in small town and I need to find out what before more people get hurt Part 2
The Tale Of The Red Door And Cursed Necklaces
Things to see when visiting the Strangelove and Kraft Occult Museum: The Journal of Ernest Kraft and the Obsidian Knife
The Red door
Did I do something wrong? I knocked over my girlfriends candles and now she's being passive aggressive and won't talk to me.
The Teddy Bear and The Room
God Appeared in the Sky and Spoke to the World (Part 1)
I am a swedish vampire slayer
The cemetery I worked at had one rule, don't let them dig [Part 2] "The heart"
The Alarm Clock
BWEMRLS
There's a new hidden show on Netflix where you choose your own adventure. I would NOT recommend it - PART 2
I am a hooker and I have seen some shit - Part 1
Can anyone see this?
onion
Watching the Grass Grow.
Wishing to wake up
My past keeps changing and I can't do anything about it.
I run a museum of cursed objects. We were robbed today.
My past keeps changing and I can't do anything about it
My past keeps changing and I can't do anything about it
My past keeps changing and I can't do anything about it
My past keeps changing and I cant do anything about it
Strange lights in the pictures of my daughter Part I.
Strange lights pictures of my daughter Part I.
I've been having this awful nightmare for the last two months
I've had the same dream for the last 3 months. Now I need your advice to decide what to do about it.
I'm the Monster You Cannot See
I'm A Piano Teacher. I'm Worried About One of My Students. (Part 2)
Please help me make sense of what happened in my childhood
Always turn off the lights
Bar shooting
Today is the 10 year anniversary of the disappearance Becky Lawson, I’m here to tell you what happened.
"alquaranth-zll"
I live in a town called Beaver Falls and tonight I learned it has a horrible secret [Part 1]
“Alquaranth-zll” THE MOST POWERFUL BEING IN ALL OF EXISTENCE
The morbid little details
It's just dark web, Can something go wrong? Yes!
The cemetery I worked at had on rule, don't let them dig [Part 2] "The Heart"
It's just dark web, nothing can go wrong? NO!
I used to be a janitor at a research centre that conducted a gruesome experiment. [1]
Every Year on May 24th, I Have to Survive a Little Girl that tries to kill me in my Mansion: Part 2 of 2
The cemetery I worked at had one rule, don't let them dig. [Part 2] "The Heart"
the cow hill
My Ritual Keeps Bad Things From Happening
Title: April 2020 Winners!
warioooooo
the sheep man
The cemetery I worked at had one rule, don't let them dig [Part 2] "The Heart"
Dead neighbor
SEX CANNIBAL PSYCHO FREAK KILLER
A real life happy death day
The cemetery I worked at had one rule, don't let them dig [Part 2] "The Heart"
Welcome To The Imperium Club
The cemetery I worked at had one rule, don't let them dig [Part 2]
The Government has put my city in lockdown: There are guards around my apartment
The Basement Man
Was that a Gunshot?
Earth has a new visitor.
A murder so perfect it goes unnoticed. (PART ONE)
The backrooms
The Imperium Club
Don’t trust the paintings in your home. They may be dangerous.
The Woman Who Weeps
The muffins from my shop are luxury items for the rich. Midnight blueberry can cure cancer.
Someone just discovered footage of a strange man hiding in his granddaughter’s room. Here’s how things ended.
Someone just discovered footage of a strange man hiding in his granddaughter’s room. Here’s how things ended.
My Secret
I’m a former police officer. There’s one call my partner and I took that I’ll never forget.
My friend wore red ribbons all over her body, but I don't think they were just for decoration.
Kye's dad harvested my best friends organs and now he's forcing me to play hide and seek with his disabled son
Something sinister is happening to the pipes in my house.
I'm a former police officer and I have a rather unsettling story to share.
Shit Gets in Your Head
The Hooded Man
The Disco Dragon
Please read my dearest Vlad
Me and my ex-boyfriend are hooking up after three months. I think he’s gonna enjoy the new-and-improved version of ‘me’.
For Vlad please receive this
The lone dark road
The lone dark road
my special auntie is the best!
I had dinner with a higher being. She's about to tell me divine secrets. Part 3
my special auntie is the best!
I saw the shadow man
I was going home one night but something wasn't right (Part-1)
Slender man
I thought it was all religion, now I hope it was all coincidence. Reupload because I didn't read rule
I thought it was all religion, now I hope it was all coincidence. (100% real)
I work at a library legendary for its silence, but the new head librarian is a mouth breather. (Part 3)
I thought it was all religion,now I hope it is all coincidence.
My house sitter broke the rules, and she paid the price.
My house is haunted
My parents live in the attic
Interview with Ellen Caudill - PROPERTY OF BLOUNT COUNTY POLICE DEPARTMENT
BETHDo not look away. You're been monitored.
Never Trust Great Cooking
I am the demon in your closet.
I think my friend is a time traveler.
I hunt what classifies as Domestic Terrorists, but not the human type.
There's a Broken Dam in Colorado That You Should Stay Away From, Pictures Included
A cure for apathy, rules of engagement.
Who Could It Be, Now? Final Part: Consequences
St James' Cemetery
drip drip drip
Delight Airlines.
Weird marks keep showing up when I exercise. Today I finally found out why.
After My Wife Died I Shouldn’t have read Her Diary
Overnight camping: My first year
All of Them Witches: Sisters of the Moon (Part Two)
I witnessed the largest ritualistic massacre in my life.
The Two Lined Man (Part 1)
The Man with the Two Lines
The Wayside Café
I found something lurking around our family cabin.
Hell is other hikers | part 2
The Hidemen
The Community
Life Advice
Pepper's Pizzeria
I've attended and worked at the same summer camp for the last 15 years. The ghosts are the least of your worries- I got a letter from The Shopkeeper (Part 9)
Toybox VI: Excalibur in Motus
Blackwoods Bend Part Ten - The Only Survivor
The Room
The Room to Nowhere
I'm A Piano Teacher. I'm Worried About One of my Students. (Part 1)
The new room
A Man in my Neighborhood is Still Watching Me after 5 Years
The Spirit House
An old woman has been stalking me for years.
My Plane Keeps Crashing and I Can't Stop It. Part Two
My family just moved into a new house, we found a strange set of rules to follow - pilot
The figure in your room
The mirrors make me weep. (Part 1)
Go away and don't come back!
this should not have happened at all....
I Haven't Left My Car in 4 Days
Dear, Killer.
The silence
Dont listen to the noise
Dear, killer.
I'm an American Werewolf Hunter [Part 2]
If a man dressed in a trench coat walks up to your convenience store at 7:06 PM, quit your job immediately.
The cemetery I worked at had one rule, don't let them dig... [Part one]
Something is happening in my small town and we need to find out what before more people get hurt.
I'm part of a study determining the existence of God. Our findings are shaking me. [1]
How to Survive Camping: the importance of vetting your ideas
Weird Dreams
I might've escaped the backrooms
The Truth Of Our World, Our Species, And The Purpose Of Our Being
Dark Room
There's a new hidden show on Netflix where you choose your own adventure. I would NOT recommend it.
Bear Ridge Saloon.
My Friend Joel Got Lost In The Woods(2)
Day of Bloody Water
Everyone i know in my city had nightmare or a hard time sleep the same night
Everyone i know in my city had nightmare or a hard time sleep the same night
Dear, killer.
A Better Version of Me
Fear Is A Funny Thing - Part 1
Project Phobos: Arachnophobia
Tartarus
Stairway's infested..
After Hours Vet Receptionist: Frankly my dear, I don't give a damn
Pepper's Pizzeria
Things to see when visiting the Strangelove and Kraft Occult Museum: Possession
My sister in law keeps posting pictures of her baby on the internet and it's freaking me out (Part 3)
She bit someone’s ear off...
The Lake People
Indulgences of a Writer
My sister in law keeps posting pictures of her baby on the internet and it's freaking me out (Final Update)
"You look just like your mother"
SirenHead is real and he's coming for us
Airborne Nightmare
[HR] [TH] Airborne Nightmare
Observe
I'm staying in a hotel down in Tennessee for job training. There a odd set of rules in the bedside pamphlet. (Part 2)
he likes to build sand castles
The genie in the well.
he likes to build sand castles
I think my security camera is watching me
Ambulance Ride
Someone Might Be Living In My Attic...
It Lives in the Music
The man in my house...
I bought a security camera and I think I'm being watched
I may be dead, but that won't stop me from getting Vengeance
Do you need a ride?
A Returning Visitor
I'm staying in a hotel down in Tennessee for job training. There a odd set of rules in the bedside pamphlet. (Part 2)
The horde
An excursion into the forest led to the unraveling of my wife's mind.
I am stuck in a cabin
True Story That Happened To Me
It Lives in the MusicEarth has a new visitor.
I used to love camping as a child, until I was taken to the woods and left there.
Every Year on May 24th, I Have to Survive a Little Girl that tries to kill me in my Mansion: Part 2 of 2 (FINALE)
Every Year on May 24th, I Have to Survive a Little Girl that tries to kill me in my Mansion: Part 2 of 2
My village
Missing Persons: The Cottage
How my dad is gonna kill me
Something is wrong with Splatoon2.
Missing Persons: The Cottage
If you ever see an ad from www.chatwithhotgirls.com, REPORT IT TO THE AUTHORITIES.
Puppet Spiders: Girlfriend
Death Catches Up To You
You won't notice when I'm gone
It was Just the Other Day
I'm Trapped In My Bathroom. My Reflection Won't Stop Smiling At Me.
I took a job cleaning sewers for a private contractor. Our largest client is a town that’s been abandoned for 50 years.
I am staying with an exchange family in Japan. Something very wrong is happening here – Part 5
A mothers love
My little hobby helps me being a better mother
A gloomy night turned into a modern horror story.
Where Is Damien?
They Know It
I pay my parents an allowance every week. They don't know where I get the money.
Hello.
I own a boutique that offers full body transformations to customers in need of a new identity. [2]
I went to investigate supernatural phenomena in rural Tennessee and what I found was far beyond even my most hideous nightmares... [PART ONE]
I found a journal hiking with my family around the Great Lakes you must stay away from here.
I keep hearing my voice when I'm not talking, and now my mom and my roommate have, too. (Repost after mod removal and subsequent fixes)
There's always someone staring
My Friend Joel Got Lost In The Woods (2)
Innocent mistake and accidents
The Cactus Owlmen
My husband has been missing, but we’ve been reunited. (Final Part)
Loverboy
My 20th birthday changed my entire life
Who is Yaridevda?
My second story
my dad death
Who is Yaridevda?
My brother went missing in the woods and I found him, but something’s not right [Part Three]
People in my city are disappearing.
I’ve always been curious.
When your dinner is ready
I run a museum of cursed objects. I just hired a new employee.
True story that happened tonight
OSC-127
Someone outside my house? Horrified
I was a hydrologist who led a research study in another country during the monsoon season. Something I cannot explain lives in the floods.
The demon Under The Bridge
My Friend Joel Got Lost In The Woods (2)
My Friend Joel Got Lost In The Woods (2)
Somber, Massachusetts
The Asylum of Famished Souls
I keep hearing my voice when I'm not talking, and now my mom and roommate have, too.
What lies beneath the ocean floor
I've heard my voice several times now when I'm not talking, and so have my mom and my roommate.
Internet Access
Who Could It Be, Now? (Part 3): Mistakes
Don't get out of bed at night!!!👀
Don't get out of bed at night !!!👀
The voices at night
Struggling with my friend's suicide... And it's gotten even weirder
The Story of My Death
I work at a video rental store
The people you meet on a ghost train (Part 1)
Grandma sucks my toes
My NES was the last thing a man touched before he was murdered
Wanna make creepy asmr!!!!
I’ll see you later, Charlie.
Listen to Mother pt I
Blackwoods Bend Part Nine - A Night in Returnal Cemetery
The Chair
Infighting
I dream of worms
I don't think I'll ever watch porn again after visiting shadowtube.com
Hell is other hikers
I'm lost in an abondone mine
Words of Wisdom part 3
Mama always said I'd be a heart breaker. (Pt. 2)
Red Eyes Between the Trees
A Birthday Party Gone Wrong
Not 5 or 6, but 7. It's 3am and I still can't sleep.
"DONT GO OUT PAST 6:00 ON A SATURDAY"
For Years I Still Dream About What We Saw In That Base
Unusual voicemails?
All of Them Witches: The Maker of Birds (Part One)
Kind of creepy and plain unusual voicemails I've been getting
EJstalkerRZ creepy Pasta "DONT GO OUT AFTER 6:00 ON A SATURDAY"
The Universal Proof
I saw red
My village
My town has a history of special visitors.
The alwahsh albashie Part 1
A Creepy Highschool Stalker
the creature outside of my window
The Tortured Lilith Ritual
The Beach Watcher
IT will always haunt you
IT will always haunt you (edited repost)
IT will always haunt you (edited repost)Strictly Confidential - False Alarm
White eyed woman
Do you know the concealed web part 1
The Simp Part 1.
The simp.
Do you know the concealed web Part 1
My grandfather once told me a story about his time in the Civil defense during ww2.
[Audiobook Version] I am staying with an exchange family in Japan. Something very wrong is happening here – (Part 1)
Sirens In The Woods
Doyouknowabouttheconcelatesweb
I am a Swedish policeman
My Friend Joel Got Lost In The Woods.
Doyouknowabouttheconcealedweb
check it out if you wanna no if there's life after death
My New House Came With A Set Of Strange Rules... (Part 1)
Someting Ooky Spooky...(Part 1)
Do you know the concealed web Part 1
Dreams
I'm an American Werewolf Hunter. [Part 2]
Seattle is a strange town...
I'm stuck in my own nightmare
The dead of the family seem to have the ability to contact us
Things to see when visiting the Strangelove and Kraft Occult Museum: the Mummified Worshipper
A song might kill me.
My Son's Piano
I just moved to a farm, part 1
The dead of my family seem to have the ability to contact us.
My friend called me in a panic last night crying, when I arrived he told me about the man whispering my name in his ear - Part 1
I took my boyfriend out for dinner. I’ll miss him.
Lucky pennies can be gateways to the past. But if you are not the owner, it can lead to trouble.
Along Came Polly
Working in a Prison can come with some Rules. I am the guy writing the ones for my facility.
THE PROBLEM WITH THE NEW WORLD ORDRE PLAN
Scary gaming stories? Please share
I am a professional rule breaker. [Final]
I'm staying in a hotel down in Tennessee for job training. There a odd set of rules in the bedside pamphlet. (Part 1)
I left my country to work as an assistant in a forest camp in Indonesia. I will never be the same again. (Part 1)
The Demon
Sold my soul
My friend just gave birth to twins. There is nothing normal about them.
The woods by my childhood house were haunted
It Lives in the Music
i should die
i should die
Her
Sometimes, childhood fears are warranted...
I should die...
Apparently I've had a girlfriend for the past 3 years - Part 2
I escaped a Wendigo, but it's banging at my door right now
I am a prostitude and I have seen some shit - Part 1
i travel through the multiverse, I've done it all.
I work for an adventure centre and something is trying to get rid of us (part 3)
My Imaginary Friend Became Something Far Far Worse As I Grew Up
It Lives in the Music
Last night was the worst night of the rest of my life.
Race
I hope I never see him again
I saw red
I am a prostitute and I have seen some shit - Part 1
I think I’ve found the miracle cure for acne…
I used to blog every day, but the cucumber infection has stolen my viewers. Let's move away from memes and for a while and focus on the walking corpses trying to eat us... [PART ONE]
I found an old journal hiking up north The accounts of what happened in here are Strange.
From your universe to you
Dark future awaits humanity...
Someone just discovered footage of a strange man hiding in his granddaughter’s room. Here’s how I was able to make everything change.
My apartment had 12 rules I need to follow to stay alive (Part 2)
The Covid-19 Demon
It is currently June 28th 1994 and the government told us to NOT LOOK AT THE MOON.
For the past 19 years on the same date I've received a deeply unsettling envelope, but now I think it's almost over
The Girl in the Mirror Does Not Exist
A beach vacation like no other.
I Heard Dragging Coming From The Attic. What I Found Was Something Grotesque.
The scariest beachside vacation ever.
The Tiger Hill (part 1)
My apartment had 12 rules that I need to follow to stay alive ( Part 2)
My sister went missing in the mountains 3 years ago. The other day, I received her voicemails. (Part 2)
My sister went missing in the mountains 3 years ago. The other day, I received her voicemails. (Part 2, the end)
Church Business During Church Hours
This is my first Creepyasta attempt, still dont have a title for the story yet.
The Halloween Statue.
what if...
Demented Ramblings Of An Insane Man
he there
I think I'm being haunted or I'm insane.
If you ever hear a cry for help while camping, you better ignore it.
My trip to Disneyland turned into a living nightmare
I grew up in a small town that made all children meet the ‘Angel Reaper’ (part 1)
The Letters (pt. 2)
My Mother Liked To Sleep Around
The Letters (pt. 2)
The cat
The Murders Of The Midnight Rider (Part 2)
Stop Binging Netflix
Murders Of The Midnight Rider (Part 2)
I’ve been burdened with you would call a gift
Give me one
The voices won’t stop
What if I told you... [Part 1]
What if I told you... [ Part 1 ...]
I visited my old child tree-house. (Part 2)The Birth of COVID-19
He tells me he’s haunted...
My husband has been missing for a few days
I need help
Nate.
An excerpt from a book I'm working on called 24665 Trask Rd, Tillamook, OR.
Do not go looking for knowledge.
(Serious Stories Only) people of reddit, I was wondering If anyone has a story to tell about the ritual What Nature Can Show You
Oblivion
The Bartender
NSFW The Bartender
Mahjong
Nate.
After Hours Vet Receptionist: Of Asses and Bobcats
Man in garden when me and my twin were home alone.
In the Tunnel
I got terrorized by a KKK group Part 2
The way the wind blows
The Last Words Game: How it Started
Fear of sleeping with window open HELP pls
I don't want to be afraid
He Tells Me He’s Haunted...
Wishing upon Oneself
My apartment had 12 rules that I need to follow to stay alive ( Part 2)
Who Could It Be, Now? (Part 2): Anger
My apartment had 12 rules I need to follow to stay alive (Part 2)
I thought the crying girl was just a statue...
Day Sixty-Six of Self-Isolation
I am staying with an exchange family in Japan. Something very wrong is happening here – Part 4
A very short story
There are lights in the sky watching my family
Never show an entity the way home
Is There Something On My Face?
There are lights in the sky watching my family
The 9 Lives of Happy Jack - His First
Cake
Blackwoods Bend Part Eight - The Secrets of Harson Manor
6 Countries Where Cannabis is Still Illegal
Spiritualist
I got a teddy from a stranger, and a list of rules for survival,,,, Nights 2 and 3
I thought it would be funny to have a sadistic coworker. I got more than I bargained for.
I got an old teddy from a stranger, and a list of rules for survival (Nights 2 and 3)
This Isn't a Skinwalker Story
I Know What Happens When You Die
I Met a Strange Girl at an Estate Sale
I Met a Strange Girl at an Estate Sale
I Met a Strange Girl at an Estate Sale
[Request]: Searching for a 4chan greentext
Heard knocking on my front door at 3am
discovered weird seed pods in my backyard swamp after a lightning storm, touched one and now have sentient moss growing on my hand
Why is no one talking about the people in the background of porn?
I got an old teddy from a stranger, and a list of rules for survival (Nights 2 and 3)
The alarm clock
MechWarrior :living legends
I'm 27 Years Old And My Parents Still Put Me In A Crib
The Vanishing Cave
Last year I killed a Wendigo. I thought I was done with monsters.
I got an old teddy for my birthday, and a list of rules for survival (Part 2)
I got an old teddy for my birthday, and a list of rules for survival (Part 2)
I got an old teddy for my birthday, and a list of rules for survival (Part 2)
A man died on television and nobody remembers. His spirit won't leave my apartment. I've done something terrible.
Im a deputy in a rural county. I met the devil on night shift. Part 2 of 2
I got an old teddy for my birthday, and a list of rules for survival (Part 2)
The Chair
IT will always haunt you
I got offered 3,000 € to look after some cats for a night
Hi Trisha!
Man’s Best Friend
Man’s Best Friend
The Tortured Lilith Ritual
Taken
Something took my wife, i don't know what - part 3
The Girl I Liked Wasn't Allowed to Date
It Wasn't a Deer.
Taken
The man with big boots
A cure for apathy, the night that changed everything.
The vacation
I had a sleepover with my friend before he went missing, it might be a clue. [Part 1]
XEROPHOBIA
I Hear an Owl Outside Every Night At 11:15
My heart will always belong to you.
Horror story.
Things to see when visiting the Strangelove and Kraft Occult Museum: the Beheaded Woman's Gown and Medea's Bathtub
The monster portraying my brother
The Mysteries and Murders of Error Hill road (part 5)
The Park Across the Street
In our village no one goes outside during a storm
My Dad Talked To The Grand Piano
I'm an American Werewolf Hunter
Help me choose the REAL LIFE story from my life to write about that most intrigues you all
I’m a...different...kind of police officer. Sometimes, it’s the little things.
Sky turtle tours ch6: dreams
My biological mom was a monster hunter, here are her records.
A scary story called "Claw" (I have no good name for it)
Are You Different ??
Splitting the Baby
The Eyes Are Always Watching. I Must Find Release. I Must Escape.
I’m one of four sisters and we were all born cursed.
The Endless RoadI started working the night shift at a college and a list of rules say something i couldn't comprehend
We were accustomed to death but we didn’t expect it to get so much worse during the strawberry season
I keep hearing a piano playing at 3AM and I don’t know why
My father is a surgeon but the file on his laptop says otherwise The Final Part
I got my Minecraft server gone
We made a God and now I can't remember anything.
My first cryptid encounter
My first story (PLS READ THE PARAGRAPH BEFORE THE STORY)
I keep hearing a piano in the middle of the night and I don’t know what to do
I moved into Mansfield Manor last Wednesday, middle finger raised. Now it’s Monday, and I regret ignoring my neighbors’ warnings.
I Think My Marriage Is Falling Apart
When Lucy Saved Me
If you find a phone number on the wall of a bar-bathroom, don’t call it.
The Left/Right game podcast explained?
Okay, I think a haunting was placed on me? And I need advice, this is really happening so please, help. The flair, is only for a specific paragraph. Which I have marked a seperate warning on, and the rest is safe to read!
I think a haunting was placed upon me? (ADVICE ON WHAT TO DO IS MORE THAN WELCOME!) *THIS IS REALLY HAPPENING TO ME, I JUST DON'T KNOW WHAT ELSE TO DO OR WHERE ELSE TO GO*
Why we cannot live on another planet
The two tiptoeing shadow men
My apartment had 12 rules that I need to follow to stay alive (Part 1)
I work at a library legendary for its silence, but the new head librarian is a mouth breather. (Part 2)
The two shadow men
My fictional character goes to my college
Atlantis is Real and It's All Around Us
The Nameless Ones
Falling DOWN
I think someone is trying to beat me up or even kill me
My Childhood Best Friend Showed Up At My Doorstop. He was My Dog That Went Missing 50 Years Ago.
Take Your Pills
We call him n.f (no face)
A video game
YOUR E M I L Y
On the way to my childhood home, I realized that the road I was on to take me there, was a terrifying portal into the unknown (Part 3)
You Are Not Afraid
Who’s the child living in the 2nd Floor?
I own a boutique that offers full body transformations to customers in need of a new identity.
I don't know what to do
I don't know what to do
There is only gaming to me
Delilah Breathed
Don't sleep
My first cryptid story
Flaya Paya
Nervous About My First Doctor's Appointment in Almost Ten Years
AITA for knocking over my girlfriends candles because her games are getting out of hand?
Bsmdnskks
The previous tenant of my house drowned in the pool. I think something far worse happened.
From the sea
The previous tenant of my house drowned in the pool. I think something far worse happened.
The return
Why
i travel through the multiverse, and ive seen everything.
From your universe to you
hello people of the internet! -part 2
The neighborhood I grew up in had only one important rule: During the exact thirty minutes following midnight, never fall asleep and never listen to the echoes.
After I watched a car hit black ice and wreck, something happened that I still can't explain to this day.
Emilia Vol. 2. Present. 5/25/2020 12:something my eyes are going!
Knocking from a coffin
Wrote this a while ago
Chaffee County Ranch
The Man Behind The Avatar (Real Minecraft Experience)
I woke up to a nose from my neighbor: Part 2
We Kidnapped A Girl For Ransom. I Still Regret It. PART 1
We Kidnapped A Girl For Ransom. I Still Regret It.
The Alarm clock
It wasn't a gray hair...
Reminiscings
Every Year on May 24th, I Have to Survive a Little Girl that tries to kill me in my Mansion: Part 1 of 2
Whistling
My Cold Bedroom
We Used to Think my Son was Recounting a Past Life, but Now I Know Better
Real events, real people. Two men were in in my house as I got home from work.
Last Night I Saw An Old Woman From A Childhood Reoccuring Nightmare
Mentally ill father needs intervention. Any insight or advice would be greatly appreciated. Apologies for the long post but I just needed to get this off my chest. TLDR: Stumbled upon pet cat’s final resting spot, dad didn’t bury her.
Something is wrong with my cat
scary story i have always heard as a kid lol im new to reddit take it easy on me not sure how this stuff rlly works
My dog saved my life last night
The Man in the Clouds
The Man in the Clouds
It is the year 2003 and this goddamn war won’t end
All the women in my family are cursed, and I don't know how to live with myself. Please help.
Cabin Fever
Mentally ill father needs intervention. Any insight or advice is greatly appreciated. Apologies for the long post but I just needed to get this off my chest. TLDR: accidentally stumbled upon my cat’s final resting spot, he said he’d bury her but didn’t.
A House of Fakes
Troubled, an Autobiography- PART 2: WELCOME TO A NEW HELL
The fire...Part .1
The tale of The Siren Head
The Hear-alls
The fire... Part .1
You can't feel pain in dreams
Slipper stalker
I stopped at a gas station during a road trip. The clerk told me something I'll never forget.
The Backroom (Part 1)
My dog saved my life last night
I'm A Conjoined Twin, But My Parents Pretend There's Only One of Us
A Inorganic Watcher
Next Time.
Blackwoods Bend Part Seven - The Shrieking Child
Frightened Woman Runs Away From Ghost On Stair Case Recorded On CCTV
I've Been Seeing Myself Dead for Three Days Now
God is alive, and we're all in danger (Part 2)Which world do I chose?
dead
Blackwoods Bend Part Seven - The Shrieking Child
The watcher
I got an old teddy from a stranger, and a list of rules for survival
I got a birthday gift from a stranger, along with rules for survival.
Troubled, an Autobiography - PART 1: THE FIRST STEP TO INSANITY
The School Shooting (Part 1)
Ice Blue
hello people of the internet.
St. Cloud Street
When I was 10, I heard voices coming from a lost walkie-talkie.
Joe Ride: Part 1
Joy Ride: Part 1
Joy ride
Ice Blue
The Sleeping Tree
I was a private detective in the 70's, this case ruined my life PART 3
All I wanted was to watch an old Blockbuster DVD with my husband.
My sister is beautiful
I've been railroad surfing for the last three months all over the U.S., and I'm finally ready to talk about the things I've seen... [Part 1]
Red Canvas
Canvas
How has no one been reporting this?
I Live In The Woods
My report to Special Agent Barrett Flaum of the Central Intelligence Agency
Who Could It Be, Now? (Part 1): Spark
Who Could It Be, Now? (Part 1: Spark)
My son went missing last summer. The kid the police gave me is not my son.
I attended a stranger's wedding ceremony. It was the worst decision I ever made.
Words of Wisdom part 2
My School Has a Ritual No One Knew About, I Should Have Just Shut Up. (Part 1)
The most terrifying call I've responded to as a S.W.A.T officer
The Only Time I've Left my Hometown Was to Hide a Body
Things to see when visiting the Strangelove and Kraft Occult Museum: The Music Box
This is the only photo in my memory.
I am staying with an exchange family in Japan. Something very wrong is happening here – Part 3
The Dove's Chirp
Cultured Butter
I woke up in the middle of the night from a noise from my neighbors
Every time something was dropped it started over
My Grandma's Haunted House
The Angels Burned
My Grandma's House is Haunted (series part 2)
The man in the woods.
I AM A SWEDISH POLICEMAN AND A VAMPIRE SLAYER
Christmas At My Hotel
The Burnt Lady.
I don’t know what to do
I AM A SWEDISH POLICEMAN AND VAMPIRE SLAYER
The Trailer [Part 2] - The Witch
Hurricanes aren't the only terrifying natural force
I always hated elevators
Crazy man tries to get into a closed McDonald's
My plane keeps crashing and I can't stop it (Part One)
My plane keeps crashing and I can't stop it (Part One)
Project Rebirth: Year 2100. (Part 1)
My Rural Abode
My attacker fled without leaving a trace. It’s taken me 2 years, but I’ve finally found a way to get closure.
Homunculus
Apparently I've had a girlfriend for the past 3 years
My home is VERY haunted, but I was targeted as a child
It's Your Turn!
I pretended to be insane to avoid being conscripted into the Russian Army. After five weeks in the Asylum, I finally know everything
When I was young, I found a child in my closet. He forced my father to do horrible things.
Twenty-three years ago, I picked up a hitchhiker. I haven't been able to get rid of her since.
"There's A Žmogus In My Soup"
My father is a surgeon but the file on his laptop says otherwise Part 5
I moved into 323 Waterview Place last Wednesday, middle finger raised. Now it's Sunday, and I regret ignoring my neighbors' warnings.
They fished for mermaids in Paji Village.
The Redwood Nightmare
Your Theoretical Getaway to the Vossen Camping and Fishing Park
My father is a surgeon but the file on his laptop says otherwise Part 5
The Deadtime Chronicles: Book One
Finding The Bubak [Part 2]
As a freelance convention planner, I've stayed at many hotels over the years. One in particular still haunts me
The lady in the purple dress and the skeleton
The Deadtime Chronicles: Book One
Please help me I don't want to turn out like my father
WHY_ME_?
chose pumps
Not An Owl
Truck drivers Story
They came in the night.
The Cursed DVD
My sister died in a car crash years ago, I recently found her diary
PETER SUNDBERG SWEDISH POLICEMAN/VAMPIRE SLAYER
dead.
My friend and I snuck out at night to visit the nearby park. I saw something there that will haunt me forever.
The demon in the corner
The Dream
Smile.
I have a racist neighbor that may have many secrets Part 1
My friend and I snuck out at night to visit the nearby park. I saw something there that will haunt me forever.
My name is Keith, but you probably know me as Klein.
"Don't trust the red haired one" Part 1
I have never done online dating again from this day
A Flower for Adam
Threads horreur ?
Tonight, We Dance [Part 1]A clickbait link led me to a bizarre ritual
The tale of siren head
For the last three nights, someone has been meowing from under my floors.
My Phone keeps taking photos of the Future
My Phone keeps taking photos of the Future
My job is to listen to the recordings sent to the Institute of Paranormal Research. Here are some of them. Part 1 - Crystals
A Traveler's Tale
I found a box of strange DVDs at work the other day. I wish I never watched them.
I found a box of strange DVDs at work. I wish I never watched them.
I Was Killed and Brought Back to Life. This Is My Story
Bam
How to Survive Camping: a pack of very good puppers
This is worse than the backrooms
The Girl in Apartment 3b
If a man in a trench coat walks up to your convenience store at 7:06 PM, quit your job immediately.
In the Waking Hell
I found a box of DVDS at work. I'm in danger
The Other Side of the Puddle
Ill Omens and Witch Oils
Never show an entity the way home
Finding The Bubak [Part 2, Final]
The stars don't change when the universe is reborn, something else does [Part one]
How I made love to the love of my life
It’s coming for me. But something is happening to me.
i become a serial killer
Session 01 (My Reflection)
Session 01 (What Do You Hate The Most?)
My friend and I snuck out at night to visit the nearby park. I saw something there that will haunt me forever.
The Haunting of Baker Place
Ten years ago I killed myself. The Devil gave me a second chance at life. (Part 4)
Would appreciate it if you could send tips to me
Troubled, an Autobiography - PART 1: THE FIRST STEP TO INSANITY
My friend and I snuck out at night to visit the park. I wish we hadn't done that.
Blackwoods Bend Part Six - The Mystery of the Black Woods
Cultured Butter
My dog Boston [Part 2]
We got a Warning message from a another star system
We got a Message from a other star system warning us (Part 1)
No one else but me, my brother and the man upstairs.
I visited my old childhood tree-house. It wasn’t the way I remembered it.
The fake blood
Never Follow Rules from a Haunted House
Open Wounds
The curse of an orgasm
Ten years ago I killed myself. The Devil gave me a second chance at life. (Part 4)
I thought I met my ex in an abandoned subway (Part 1)
Where exactly is Aleister, Maine? (Part 2)
On the way to my childhood home, I realised that the road I was on to take me there, was a terrifying portal into the unknown. (Part 2)
true story, please give feedback
My Family Has a History of Abductions
The Late-Night Shift
To Fix A Baby
STATIC (Part Two)
The Depressing Life of a Dog called Boston
Busy
My father is a surgeon but the file on his laptop says otherwise Part 5
Deal with the devil. I think I caused this pandemic
Giants are the only things that are real.
Deal with the Devil. I think I caused this pandemic (Part I)
Deal with the devil (I think I caused this pandemic)
Busy
The Legend Says He Was Sewn Beneath The Sheets
Bad encounter
What is Happiness
The Dead Man
Have you ever had your art stolen?
8 Plates.
I'm seeing weird humanoid creatures.
A few months ago I had a strange dream. I'm beginning to think it may have been more than just a dream.
The Curse OF The MANIPULATOR
fake pandemic
The Late Night Shift
Things to see when visiting the Strangelove and Kraft Occult Museum: Lacey the Doll
How I made love to the love of my life
e
How I made love to the love of my life
Mauvaise rencontre
Did I Mention I Got Bitten By A Dog?
The Trailer [Part 2] a.k.a. The Witch
The Trailer, Part 2 (a.k.a. The Witch)
Healing Fragile Minds: Major Depressive Disorder [part 2]
The Green Lights.
My dog Boston
City Girls
Sugar
why you should not sleep with a pet snake
The Diary of Prisoner #7589
He Who is Like God
Our company creates and raise creatures - The Dancing Macabre.
When you live in New York
seehearsmelltouchTASTE
A new journey
Complete offers and Earn free Robux
I like to eat ______. It tastes like chicken.
I am a professional rule breaker : PlainTown
Why you should not sleep with your petsnake
I am staying with an exchange family in Japan. Something very wrong is happening here – Part 2
The Late-Night Shift
My Boy
Here's why I hunt monstersThe Genius Gene
Uprooted
I live in a tiny village in England. My sweet, countryside neighbours are being REALLY weird.
There’s a plane hovering over my lake and it’s driving my dog crazy. Can they do that? I thought that was just helicopters
The Whispers on the Wind
What happens when the universe is born (Part 2)
The Nameless Ones
What happens when the universe is born (Part 1)
Recurring nightmare
I should have gone to sleep
Frightened Woman Runs Away From Ghost On Stair Case Recorded On CCTV
I used to work as a night clerk at a motel, I had to follow specific guidelines to ensure my safety. These are my stories [Part 4]
I work at a library legendary for its silence, but the new head librarian is a mouth breather. (Part 1)
A sacrifice for freedom.
The plane I’ve been on has been missing for 20 years
I stole from my blind grandmother and used the money to hire a prostitute.
I had to keep killing my husband to have an orgasm, but after that night, I don't think he's ever coming back.
DON’T DO THIS RITUAL!
The Limping Woman.
Colourless green ideas sleep furiously
A classic song plays from floor below
The Day I Met Death
Sheila (short horror story)
A dream that I can never forgot.
For the past 19 years on the same date, no matter my address or assumed identity, I’ve received a deeply unsettling envelope
Sorry, Not Sorry (Part 1)
My daughter kept complaining about chants in the basement
The Woman In The Corner
Another Day, Another Shift, Another Set of Guidelines (Fiction)
ghosts are real
check it out
The Whistleman
Small town memories: Inland Hurricane
When you live in New York
My Best Friend Was Laughing While Someone On Screen Was Being Murdered
Parks were my phobia for 20 years... but I think I may be over it now.
There's a storm over our town episode 1
Terminal Velocity
There is something under my skin
Terminal Velocity
I run a museum of cursed objects. Let's talk about the Crow.
Hiding
She said it was ok
I'm a receptionist at an after hours vet clinic: I could've used a list of rules last night
Declassified Incident Investigation: xxxx Iraq Transcript A 2007
There's a haunted house in my town, but unnatural things only happen if you use a GPS to get there, Pictures Included
We lost two hours in the blink of an eye?
Goodbyes are always hard
I Think There's Someone In My Closet...
Lonely Sasquatch ISO Love Part 5 Final
The ghost accidents
My Grandma's Haunted House (series)
(Part 1) My friend's mom raped me at a sleepover
The Monster Within
[Series] My friend's mom raped me at a sleepover
You Won't Believe What My Job Is [Part 2]
I Bought a Nintendo Switch on the Dark Web
City Girls
The Bang
Im a deputy in a rural county. I met the devil on night shift. Part 2 of 2
I just wanted some inspiration for my painting and writing
Im a deputy in a rural county. I met the devil on night shift. Part 1 of 2
I need to move out
Mentally Scarred by a Journal
God is alive, and we're all in danger (Part 1)
Dream about mirrors and phones.
God is alive, and we're all in danger (Email 1)
Never go to the house of a friend who draws monstrosities.
They all went mad.
God is alive, and we're all in danger
What Man Wasn’t Meant To Know (Part 7)
I’m an honours student. In my final year, the biology program chair announced Professor Robertson would not finish teaching plant pathology. His replacement was Mr.Jenkins, a notorious tough marker. After reading my final paper, Jenkins invited me to his home for dinner. A dinner, I'd never forget.
It made them all mad
The Snowstorm
What Man Was Not Meant To See
The raid
Wtf?
The Sound of a Clock
Ten years ago I killed myself. The Devil gave me a second chance at life. (Part 3)
There's something strange happening at the Home for the Elderly
Voices? I'm not schizophrenic.
Here’s a creepy story my cousin/uncle told me
My plane keeps crashing and I can't stop it. Part One
Blackwoods Bend Part Five - Come Home, Danny
A Student of Mine Thinks she has Found the Cure for Some Truly Horrible Things, but I don't think she Understands the Costs
Emilia
The time I was a 911 operator.
The Whistleman
Protected by the Covenant.
The wistleman
HAUNTED POOL
A cure for apathy.
Small town memories: Inland hurricane
The Whistleman
I got a job as night security on a train. I'm gonna die on this train (Part 3) story by - not_neccesarily
I got a job as night security on a train. I'm gonna die on this train (Part 3 )story by - not_neccesarily
Freedom in this country (USA) has been abused for decades, which is why more government oversight is needed. We messed up. Prove me wrong.
I'm a groundskeeper for Witching Hour Park. Crazy things happen between 3am-4am.
Boston, the dog I adopted. [Part 2]
I can see dead Irish people. My calling in life has become a curse.Wake up at once it you see Isabella!
I hope it doesn't come back... Or is it still with us?
Boston, the dog I adopted. [Part 2]
What Man Wasn’t Meant To Know (Part 7)
I don't think we're hearing thunder in the woods
Why Is It Still There?
The time we had a school lock-in.
My Town is on a Hellmouth - Part One
It Cost Me An Arm And A Leg... Literally.
Maybe I should've slep and mindedmy own business PART TWO
I've attended and worked at the same summer camp for the last 15 years. The ghosts are the least of your worries- Something is happening that we can't explain
Guys. Don't be click-baity.
I was almost murdered and robbed
The thing in my basement, molten chapter 1
To the one who watches me sleep
The Hooked Man
Someone broke into my house to look for me
Her Name Was Eleanor And Death Followed Her
I could not sleep after watching this
This made me sh*t myself
My father is a surgeon but the file on his laptop says otherwise Part 4
FUNNY YET SCARY. ANYONE HAD SIMILAR EXPERIENCE?
The Green Kids
Wrath of Boston
Burning Up
That Red Room- The accounts of my overnight stay at an cottage in an Alaskan Village
It Cost Me An Arm And A Leg... Literally.
It Cost Me An Arm And A Leg... Literally.
Can I share a fictional horror short story, which I just made?
02096
And there She stood, and there She wept
If you ever get a chance to explore an abandoned school, whatever you do, don’t feed the students.
My father is a surgeon but the file on his laptop says otherwise Part 4
Crystals in the Soup
seehearsmellTOUCHtaste
Found this on Petit Tube
I’m not supposed to see these things, am I?
I found this written on my friends unsent message late at night and now I'm worried something will happen.
Tod An Der Tür
In the Thick
This House
Buried Memories [Part 2]
An Ouija Story
Prosecutor,
The Joker’s Wilde
My plane keeps crashing and I can't stop it. Part One.
Experiments
My Wife Isn't Feeling Well This Long Weekend - Part 1
The Woman beside me is Not human
I pretend to have cancer to get matches on Tinder
The Fear
Dark tales can hide darker secrets
Thalassophobia
My friend was a Coast Guardsman for the U.S. Coast Guard. He told me some stories before passing away. (Part 2)
They Shall Not Grow Old: Verdun, 1916
Someone just discovered footage of a strange man hiding in his granddaughter’s room. Here’s the part people want me to take back.
Please shut all the doors to darkness in your room at night
Boston, the dog I adopted. The Revealation.
Boston, the dog I adopted. The Revealation, part 2
Boston, the dog I adopted. The Revealation, part 2
I’m trapped in hell
My father is a surgeon but the file on his laptop says otherwise Part 4
In my Grandfather's House
Orange Head
The Doll Woman
I can see dead Irish people. My calling in life has become a curse.
I'm in debt for the mafia my father used to work for, so I joined a game show called 'Liberty' to repay the debt
The Hidenseek Incident Part 2 (Finale)
They Need To Eat
I went camping in the forest with my girlfriend, but my life will never be the same.
The Long Night
I used to work as a night clerk at a motel, I had to follow specific guidelines to ensure my safety. These are my stories [Part 3]
Tales from a PRT operative: The Reaper lives!!!! (part 1)
Tales from a PRT operative: The Reaper may still be alive (Part 1)
Centre frames norms to keep away from cohorting of COVID-19 patients
The Last Chapter- Part 1
Murders Of The Midnight Rider
Intense dreams
I´m a photographer, and I didn´t took a picture at the thing that followed me. Part 2
I work at an adventure centre and now we have a new rule (part 2)
The Slaughtered Lamb, a Website
Midnight Ride Killings
My brother went missing in the woods and I found him, but something’s not right[Part Two]
Who or What Was He?
Backyard Oddities Continued
Afraid of Night Terror
EXPLORING WITH ISAAC
A War Story
The Red Room
Highway Song
The Red Room
Highway Song
Thalassophobia
There Is a Spider In My Room
I’m looking for this series
Boston, the dog I adopted part 2, The Revealation
Fan Fiction: A Downward Spiral; Trigger warning, this gets really upsetting and graphic read at your own risk
Something's been going on at my school and the teachers won't answer questions about it.
The Lady in The Wall
Solar at SummersetStuck in a room with ur greatest fear, wdyd?
That thing
The Nameless Part 2
Please help me, the only connection I have to the outside world is Reddit, and it only loads r/twosentencehorror
I moved my family into a new home. Something else was living there before us.
anticipation.
i think it mite be minde controle
My stepmother trapped me inside a music box when I was 9. For the first time in over 20 years, I’ve found a way to make contact with the outside world. [Final]
The horror of being related to a Hellenic family
The horror of being related to a Hellenic family-A relatable tale of bloodlines, lust, and intrigue
The Manor’s Call
anticipation.
The Bunker of Babel
What Man Wasn’t Meant To Know (Part 6)
My stepmother trapped me inside a music box when I was 9. For the first time in over 20 years, I’ve found a way to make contact with the outside world. (Final)
I Keep Seeing The Hound
Coinmaster ruined my life
They Need Clean Towels
How To Get Your Infant Quickly Into Deep Restful Sleep
Lightning
I don't think I am in MY reality
Not really as bad as some of these, but wanna know if there are any similar stories.
The Story Of The Woods | Part 1
Blackwoods Bend Part Four - The Vanishing Man
The importance of owning a bedframe.
On the way to my childhood home, I realised that the road I was on to take me there, was a terrifying portal into the unknown. (Part 1)
I kept hearing my dead cat's meow at 3 in the morning... and then this happened
Camera Girl: My confession
skinwalkers in vail arizona? (reposted from r/skinwalkers)
I Found My Grandmother Dead In Her Home, She Was Drained Of All Her Blood
The Endless Tunnel; Deaths Cold Grip [Pt.1]
The endless tunnel. (Part 1/3; Death’s cold grip)
I'm stranded at Mad Old Mister Holland's. (FINAL)
My name is Boston
I Found My Grandmother Dead In Her Home, She Was Drained Of All Her Blood
طريقة عمل شوربة الفطر الطازج بالكريمه من مطبخ سيرين
I am Being Haunted (True Story, Please Help)
I am Being Haunted (True Story, Please Help)
Help
Her name is Lily. My name is Kat.
Fucked up truth or dare
The Late Night Taco Bell Scare!
What to do when the shadows change:
Sleep paralysis
My sleep paralysis demon
My sleep paralysis demon
I recently got my hearing back, but I don't know why the echoes won't stop
Take a closer look
ANGELS &amp; DEMONS
I am staying with an exchange family in Japan. Something very wrong is happening here – Part 1
Just a quick question for everyone out there
The Nameless Part 2
The Elysian Tapes [Part 2]
Mr E doesn’t speak much.
Mr E doesn’t speak much
Every Year, Someone from my Town is Chosen to Leave - Finale
I failed to kill my father
Hotel Zoomer
I have heard a ringing sound in my ears for most of my life. Today, I discovered why... [Part One]
Where did the orangutans go? - Conclusion
My Brother Broke our Number 1 Rule
I found a tooth in my pocket, I don’t think it’s mine
Quitting smoking weed is really fucking with my head.
please help
cherry road
What race do you feel most comfortable with
I found a tooth in my pocket, I don’t think it’s mine
My Friends and I sort of Killed a Girl Last Year.
Mass Snaps
Words of Wisdom
God gave me two choices so I became a Spirit of Sickness (Part 1)
cherry road
These dreams have been haunting me for the past few days.
The rule makers
These dreams have been bothering me for few nights....
God gave me two choices so I became a Spirit of Sickness (Part 1)
Where can I purchase Strangers Diary in India?
cherry road
Twice - The Truth
I have been having weird dreams for the past few weeks, but this dream was the most queer out of all of them.
The Goat On The Swing 👹
The Wolves
The Leaf
Why I don’t like Fireplaces anymore
Our company creates and raise creatures - The Sirens and my fucking joke report (Part 2)
Chip and Dale
seehearSMELLtouchtaste
The Oswald Cat
I moved my family into a new home, but something was there before us.
Nana taught me to cover the mirrors when someone dies
Ghost that lives in my bathroom apparently
Never stay on your back to your room with the lights off. You can be the next...
I did past life regression and now I'm terrified (part 1)
One summer day
I’m a patient in a psychiatric hospital. Part 1: The white room.
Maybe I should've slept and minded my own business
I don't think it was radio interference
I talk to the one who watches me sleep
The accident will happen yesterday
Don’t trust anyone, not even the people you’re close withHave you ever woken up feeling groggier than normal?
The horror of being related to a Hellenic family
Snapped and Cracked
The World has Changed Overnight, it's Terrifying | Day 1
The Ladder
The Ladder
Don’t trust anyone, not even the people you’re close with (Part 1/?)
My Mother and I Part2
The Ladder
The Ladder
The Ladder
Someone just discovered footage of a strange man hiding in his granddaughter’s room. This is when people started bleeding.
Maybe I should've slept and minded my own business
I used to be an investigator before being assigned the case of the “Winter Slaughters.” (Part Two)
Finding The Bubak [Part 1]
60 seconds to Death
Hadeon's call
My Ovum Speaks To Me When I'm On My Period.
I moved my family into a new home. I will live with that regret the rest of my life.
A Video Rental Store Just Opened On My Block- Part Three
The Hidenseek Incident Part 2
I moved my family into a new home. I will live with that regret the rest of my life.
The Hidenseek Incident
The Hidenseek Incident Part 1
Beyond (part 2)
I thought I should’ve feared Aliens. But instead, my fear of Earth has grown.
My mother forced me to eat worms, now I know why
The Alien fought the Monster in the woods... and lost.
The rat tail
I went hunting with my Friends. Now I'm on the run.
I need your help.
I don't think I want an answer
I need your help.
Mysterious woman in a dress
Poop
The dirt hole
I found something similar to the Backrooms, but it’s ruining my life. (PART TWO)
Yellowish Grey (first Horror story)
The Goat On The Swing 👹
My mother and I part2
I am alone, but I'm not
The closet
Feelings (11-11-2018)
The Haunting at 9 Woodland Close (Part 4)
The Haunting at 9 Woodland Close (Part 4. Final chapter)
INTERVIEW LOG #43. USER: JONATHAN GREY. INTERVIEWED: REBECCA STEVENS, FRED HUMBERLY
I know this isn't the subreddit to share dreams but I feel like I need to tell people my story.
INTERVIEW LOG [#43] INTERVIEWED: REBECCA STEVENS, FRANK HUMBERLY.
There’s a lot more to worry about in rural Wyoming than wild animals.
It's been almost a month since I was last able to get good nights rest
I work for a pharmaceutical company that conducts animal experiments. There are no accidents in AE Labs.
Strange experiences from childhood #2
Have you ever woken up and felt groggier than normal?
Strange experiences from childhood #2
Have You Ever Woken Up Feeling Groggier Than Normal?
A girl killed the monster in the alley.
I found something similar to the Backrooms, but it’s ruining my life.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LBdl8ipGY88
Strange experiences from childhood #2
does any one know who wrote this on this subreddit
The Elysian Tapes [Part 1]
None of my friends believe me. The only one that can see it is the cat.
They Came, Marching In Perfect Synchronization
An Unusual Encounter
Illuminati.EXE
My family owns a waterpark. While installing a new ride, I think we woke something evil that laid dormant.
My family and I were invited to an old family estate to stay at while in quarantine. Some bad stuff started happening. (Part 1)
A war story
I (20f) just left my boyfriend (22m) over probably a stupid reason. I need someone else’s judgement please!
The Kid With the Floppy Shoes
Scariest Story
I Walked Into A Door That Wasn’t There Before. The Door Disappeared Behind Me.
MAKE ME A SPACE
The Bang
Struggling with my friend's suicide... I don't think his girlfriend is responsible, but she's acting suspicious
A language that only I speak? And a monster that only I see?
Not Another Fucking Zombie Story
The Nameless
The horror of being related to a Hellenic family-A relatable tale of bloodlines, lust, and intrigue
“I” am writing the best songs I've ever written.
Does anyone know how to get to PlainTown?
Today
Tomorrow
Mental diseases: the most terrific thing that can happen to a human being.
Today
A language that only I speak? And a monster that only I can see? (Any Spanish/Italian speakers here that can help me?)
It Was Never My Nightmare
It Was Never My Nightmare
It Was Never My Nightmare
It Was Never My Nightmare
Dad just sat and cried. He cried for three whole days. His face was blotchy and his eyes were red. Then one day he just stopped...
My Cat is not My Cat
The horror of being related to a Hellenic family-A relatable tale of bloodlines, lust, and intrigue
Mental diseases: the most terrific thing ever.
The horror of being related to a Hellenic family-A relatable tale of bloodlines, lust, and intrigue (scary humor)
A Warning
What Was Living In His Jaw? Part II
What Was Living In His Jaw? (Part II)
It's Not My Nightmare
My first r/nosleep post: The horror of being related to a hellenic family (scary humor)All My Life, I Have Seen The Monsters in The Shadows. Here is My Story. [Part 1]
I asked my grandfather about his time in the military, and I’m wishing that I didn’t.
I was invited to a game show as a contestant, now I regret accepting the invitation(1)
ATLAS
I've been stuck in my flat for a month and the only thing I can do is livestream (part 2)
boo
Fish.
I Should’ve Checked the Bridge (PART 1)
I'm alone, but I'm not.
Warzone Memes
The letters (pt. 1)
I was a patient in a psychiatric hospital. Part 1: The white room.
The man of my dreams
Blackwoods Bend Part Three - Things You Hear In A Diner
Silence
I work at SETI, Earth is on borrowed time.
The rise of the horned one
I used to work as a night clerk at a motel, I had to follow specific guidelines to ensure my safety. These are my stories [Part 2]
The Swede and His Smile
It’s not the dead you should fear...
My dead friend whispers to me at night
I discovered the possible perpetrator of a massacre 44 years ago, and now I think he's onto me.
The Devil came for me when I was a boy, and I'm afraid he's come back to finish what he started
Knocking
The Backroom (Part 1)
I decided to uncover my sister's secret. I wish I hadn't... (PART 7)
3 Devils - Prologue
The Backroom (Part 1/3)
On my first night in a new apartment, I woke up to a child's voice, begging me for help
If Your Car Breaks Down In The Nevada Desert, Pray
Sams Day
Ghost in my kitchen full manifestation?
You Won't Believe What My Job Is
Please help, I'm scared
I'm a FBI agent working a case in San Francisco. I've never seen anything like this in my 30 years in the bureau. What's the Rite of Fish and Water? (Part 2)
My sister died 3 years ago. I saw her in my neighbours house.
A walk in the park
I think I'm stranded with nice old Ron Holland (part 16)
There’s a lot more to worry about in Rural Wyoming than wild animals.
I think that I should get discovered
I almost got kidnapped
Bootleg Meg
I work at SETI, we received a disturbing message: Part two
Every Year, Someone from my Town is Chosen to Leave - Part 2
My Armpits Smell Like Weed
My uncle wanted curtains on the door, then I found out why.
My armpits smell like weed
what’s the scariest thing you’re experienced late at night?
Where did the orangutans go?
Something accidentally let itself get caught on film - now I'm paying the price for noticing.
Boston, the dog I adopted.
I'm a FBI agent working a case in San Francisco. I've never seen anything like this in my 30 years in the bureau. (Part 2) The Rite of Fish and Water
Something is knocking on the door, Perfect Planning and the Dream Boyfriend
Trichotillomania
Denizens of Enverness: Raiders of Foxton Docks
I’m a patient in a psychiatric hospital. Something is very wrong here.
5 SCARY GHOST CAUGHT ON CAMERA
The Haunted Forest behind Dan’s building🌳💀
Something was knocking on my window. Part-1 / The perfect Planning Part-2/ My dream Boyfriend Part-3
Never go Urban exploring
My father is a surgeon but the file on his laptop says otherwise Part 3
Dead Neighbor
Something is knocking on the window.
Chase the Void
Something is knocking at the window.
Healing Fragile Minds: Schizotypal Personality Disorder
I signed up to compete on an exclusive reality show, and I wish I hadn't- PART ONE
Rules for surviving the village forest '' Missing Place '' Part I
COULDN'T SLEEP LAST NIGHT BECAUSE I WAS TOO BUSY WATCHING THIS AWESOME VIDEO BY EJC EXPLORATION ON YOUTUBE WHERE THEY EXPLORE AN ABANDONED FACTORY FULL OF LOADED NEEDLES AND GRAFFITI WITH EXPLORATION UNKNOWN. THE VIDEO WAS AWESOME AT THE END THE COPS WERE CALLED.
COULD SLEEP LAST NIGHT WAS TO BUSY WATCHING ABANDONED FACTORY FULL OF LOADED NEEDLES AND GRAFFITI
I Am Mastema
We made the world’s first Superhero. It was a huge mistake.
I work for an Adventure Centre and now we have a new rule (part 2)
I work at a gaming cafe and it has a few strange rules #2
The Swede &amp; His Smile.
I'm a barber. All my customers are losing their hair, but that's only the beginning of the process.
school terror
School terror
I am Mastema
seeHEARsmelltouchtaste
My father is a surgeon but the file on his laptop says otherwise Part 3
Now It's Your Turn
my dad says seven is to young to post here but i really need your help
Apalir (Part 1)
My Brother Made Himself Disappear
There is people in the beaches at quarantine
My daughter's first words
The Bride Screamed Twice
The porcupine squeals at midnight
My trip to the Zoo
Ghost Blow Candles
Ghost Blow Candles
Ghost Blow Candles
Da Untraveled Rud
Flash of Lightning
Someone out there has my pictures
Ghost Blow Lamp
My best friend drowned in an 'empty' water tank...now I'm going back
Ghost Blow Lamp
My best friend drowned in an 'empty' water tank...now I'm going backI found a diary that belonged to the previous owner's son, I shouldn't have read it.
We ran an experiment to find out what happens to consciousness after death. I wish we could take it all back.
Someone just discovered footage of a strange man hiding in his granddaughter’s room. I can explain why.
Creepy Break-in Encounter
I performed a ritual that allows me to view other dimensions through the Reddit UI.
My sister went missing in the mountains 3 years ago. Today I received her voicemails.
I used to be an investigator before being assigned the case of the “Winter Slaughters.”
Note for my parents.
In my nightmares I can still see the Camp Minnesaugen Monster. I can still hear the distant sound of it sobbing in the woods.
I saw the Camp Minnesaugen monster.
my hauntings since i was very little
My Mother and I
A discovered a ritual that allows me to access other dimensions through the Reddit Interface
My Mother and I
My mother and I P1
The Hidemen
The people in my building are always the same
He loved me
If you go to the Lakewood Hotel, never go into the darkness
The Little Girl In My GrandAunts House
A girl from my first grade class has been ruining my life. Part 1
Seeking help: I think there is something in my wall
Space is shaking my brain
There’s a lot more to worry about in rural Wyoming than wild animals.
Read this I cant sleep!
This is a story my Dad told me last week and I could sleep for 2 days
Read this!!!!
There’s a lot more to worry about in rural Wyoming than wild animals.
I was a Tarot reader with a sizable client list. One day, I had to stop.
Documents From the Clearview Asylum : Case File A: Ryan Amrolds
Caitlin
If you hear a woman crying between 1 AM -4 AM, ignore it.
Final Thoughts
Stairs
Who am I? Everything's red.
The girl I met on Tinder won't stop taking photos.
Our Community is Perfect and Nobody Can Leave
Why i always close the windows before i sleep.
Linny The Perpetual Girl-Thing
1st stage
Help me find a story
THE MANOR: Part 1
1st stage
They Came in Waves
Creepy old man following me at night
My brother made up a clown and then something wanted to get into my house
The Skinned
I found a journal of a murderer in a forest close to my town with fairly recent incidents (Finale)
Never go to Channel 407
The cabin in the woods
My Punishment
My Dog Loves Me Too Much
Light in the Closet
My Son Was Always Afraid of Fire. One Day, He Told Me Why.
You May Want to Worship Virtually for the Time Being, Vacated Churches are No Place to be Alone
Be Careful What You Buy From Markets
Don't Trust Anyone Here
My maid tried to put a curse on me
How I lost my cat
My maid tried to put a curse on me
I’m a patient in a psychiatric hospital. Something is very wrong here.
Mirror Mirror Show Me The Truth!
An island best left alone
Click here to join
I wrote an extremely long click-bait title that would grab everyone's attention to gain likes and followers. What happened next was way worse than anything I could have ever expected.
I got a job at a mall with a specific set of rules. They are not regular rules
The Haunting at 9 Woodland Close (Part 3)
My maid tried to curse me
The Artist
I heard a loud, bloodcurdling scream. It came from inside the house. Part 2
I got rejected by my first choice college, so I visited my second choice, I will not be going to college
Needing help discussing this photo. I got suspicions.
Recurring Nightmare
Blackwoods Bend Part Two - The Chilling End of Robert McGowan
I'm a patient at a psychiatric hospital, something is very wrong here.
The great depression of March 2021.
The Obelisk in the Valley
The great depression of March 2021.
Meteor Shower
I Tried A 24-Hour Overnight Challenge And Regret It, They're Coming For Me
Something or someone is Fucking with me
When time goes backwards, the midnight black monster attacks Part 1
My first lo-fi music experience
I tried the elevator game to go to the spirit world, i saw things that weren't meant to be seen.
Seriously can you guys even name your stories? Or even try
There could be only one of us
The girl in the white gown
Recurring Nightmare
People have been ODing in my town. The revelation.
A Weird Room
There could be only one of us.
I was a private detective in the 70's. This case ruined my life. PART 2
I'm A Patient In A Psychiatric Hospital. Something Is Very Wrong Here.
A hottie kept pinching me on the subway. I learned she had a fetish for colored condoms
I was sure it was just the wind
I am the devil, and here I share my duty.
I used to work as a night clerk at a motel, I had to follow specific guidelines to ensure my safety. These are my stories.
Beware Suspicious Ceiling Tiles
Door Must Remain Closed at all Times. No Exceptions
Lonely Sasquatch ISO Love Part 4The Woman Next Door
I think I've gone insane...
COVID-19 was created at my institution, it's not the worst disease we have
COVID-19 was engineered at my institution, it's not the worst thing we have here
I'm Part of an Experiment to Treat Trauma Induced Crime Disorder
I'm a FBI agent working a case in San Francisco. I've never seen anything like this in my 30 years in the bureau. If you've got answers, please throw 'em my way.
I used to work as a night clerk at a motel. I had to follow specific guidelines to ensure my safety. These are my stories.
I keep seeing Walt Disney following me...
Recurring nightmare
A walk in the park
All my life I've had visions of how people die. I learned to ignore it, until one day I saw myself slitting a man’s throat.
Foundation
I’m a tour guide at the biggest salt flat on Earth. Something’s wrong.
Black Eyes and Bright Lights
Written with no sleep. Check it out!
I was part of an island exploration team in the Indian Ocean...I was the only survivor PART 7
Every Year, Someone from my Town is Chosen to Leave
Red Fish
I woke up to a box containing a gas mask a shotgun and a mission, the creatures are everywhere.
The Earl Of Sandwich
Nosleep has a problem...
NoSleep has a problem...
The Men of Verdun
My father is a surgeon but the file on his laptop says otherwise Part 2
NoSleep has a problem...
This
Our company creates and raise creatures - The Sirens and my fucking joke report (Part 1)
The Nightshift PART I
Most of my life I’ve worked in the woods...
I witnessed a murder in my Friend's basement.
I Saw My Brother’s Imaginary Friend
If you see a comment on YouTube that asks, “wanna be friends?” Do not respond to it...
I work at a gaming cafe and it has a few strange rules.
If you see a comment on YouTube that asks, “wanna be friends?” Do not respond to it...
You can find infinite bliss at the center of Reverie Wood. But you must follow these rules in order to get there. [Part 4]
Anita Lee's Diary (2)
A job left undone
Fast Wireless Charger For iPhone / Samsung / Nexus / Huawei / Xiaomi / Nokia / Etc. Order from ebay
We ran an experiment to find out what happens to consciousness after death. I wish I could take it all back.
Navigating Insanity
The email
Twice
The Cede by The Formless and His Choir
My Grandmother's Attic (Part 3) END
My Grandmother's Attic (Part 3: Finale)
my haunting
When the town smells like beer, we know there will be new victims
The Average Man
The Average Man
The Witch of Williamsburg
The man in all black is back
SEEhearsmelltouchtaste
The white night- the black girl
Manned Atmospheric Balloon Test Flight – 28DEC1957 – Mission Codename: Icarus – Status: CLASSIFIED
There are things in the cave that shouldn’t be
The Burnt Lady.
Remember to throw your towels after 9 months
Manned Atmospheric Balloon Test Flight – 28DEC1957 – Mission Codename: Icarus – Status: (CLASSIFIED)
Grandpa
Black Blobs Part 5
my haunting
my haunting
Hell's Asshole
If anyone knows what’s happening, you have to say something. I’m so scared and alone.
Recruiting members. Join Now!
My terrefying encounter while exploring an abandoned asylum
What lives under ice
How I lost my eyes
Kid saw something in the bush
There's a man standing across the street from my house. He does this strange thing.
I explored an abandoned military experimentation facility. I now speak a language that I shouldn’t.
The Smiling Man
I Can’t Stop Hearing a Dead Girls Song
The Smiling Man
There's a strange man standing across the street from my house.
I just discovered footage of a strange man hiding in my granddaughter’s bedroom. This is what happened next.
CABIN FEVER
I’ve always been afraid of the dark.
A girl came running to me at the subway. People with masks are following her.
Siren head isn’t just a drawing
How is this thing getting into my house? Why can't I feel it when I sleep?
Black Lotus Approaching
She cries every night because of the monster
Thank you for trying, but...
Terrifying encounter while exploring an abandoned mental asylum
Is no sleep stories true?
I downloaded an app to keep track of my sleep. I've been waking up to some very weird recordings, Pictures Included
I was using a navigation app to get home. I don't think I'll be getting home any time soon.
It's in the forest.
My body is no longer my own
I’m pretty sure my house is hunted
My leg has been replaced with a HORRIBLE THING and now everyone is CONSPIRING to make me think I’m INSANE
[Part 1 of] To be young again....
I work for a pharmaceutical company. The animal testing they do here is a little... unusual.
Living Coffins
The back of the mind
The Night I Stared into the Abyss
The Avatar Approaches Part 1 of 4
I took a weird drug about 40 minutes ago
I run a museum of cursed objects. Let me tell you about the Nokia room.Happy birthday to me... Twice
I tried the elevator game to go to the demon world, i succeed but they wouldn't let me go back.
I had to follow these GuideLines For Survival(part 1)
The Haunting at 9 Woodland Close (Part 3)
In the Deep
Doppelganger Weirdness
I think I'm stranded with Mad Old Mister Holland (part 7)
First Night
Please give me information about this demon
I slay monsters for a living. A tale of a haunted house.
Screaming from the door
Remember to Lock Your Doors Part 1
Confession of a teenage seer
Tunnel Vision
Confession of a teenage Seer
Only In The Dark
I took a temp job on a tuna fishing boat, called "The Sunny Bee"
I found this note on my phone after someone stole it and I needed to share it
I never pictured myself as a Caretaker
My leg has been replaced with a HORRIBLE THING and now everyone is CONSPIRING to make me think I’m INSANE
Whatever you do, don't buy a phone from a sketchy website
In the Deeps
I Think I Found The Backrooms
I’ve been trapped in here for 14 aydays.days
Weird
There are noises in my backyard.
Noises in my backyard (long story).
There are noise in my backyard.
I was diagnosed with reactive arthritis. (Part 1)
Coronation of the Void King, Vol 1
Maybe photography in a foggy night is not the best idea.
Why you shouldn’t sneak into movie theaters.
Bugged
What was living inside his jaw?
There's a Green Jeep at the Dog Park
I've attended and worked at the same summer camp for the last 15 years. The ghosts are the least of your worries- Why Willow is covered in blood (Part 7)
I’ve been trapped in here for 14 aydays.days
Fire is deadly. Fire is beautiful. Fire consumes us all. (Part 1)
You Cry Too Much
Nail Marks in the Hands of Jesus
I found the journal of a murderer in a forest close to my town that had recent incidents. Part 2 (Finale)
The Burnt Lady.
Ive been awake for 14 days, and they won’t stop screaming..#1
breaker
There's Something Weird Going On In My Neighborhood (part one)
I found the journal of a murderer in a forest close to my town with fairly recent incidents. Part 1
Only In The Dark
Belfalls Incident
They called me Lucky Luca.
How to Survive Camping: what was done to Louisa's parents
The woods...they aren't...right
Isolation
Garbage vs Scum
Garbage vs Scum
I've been stuck in my flat for a month and the only thing I can do is livestream (part 1)
Seven Deadly Sins: A Book of Childhood Morality Tales: Wrath (Part 4)
A Coyote Pack Encounter
Seven Deadly Sins: A Book of Childhood Morality Tales: Wrath (Final Part)
The Door On the Side of the Highway
A Letter From My Father
My Wife Is Eating Me Alive
Blackwoods Bend
Creepy Woman at my neighsbors window
Voyeur’s Delight
Creepy black woman at my neighbor house
Strange black woman at my creepy neighbors window
I work for an Adventure Centre. We're used to strange goings-on here but last night we encountered something new (Part 1)
We stumbled over something we weren't supposed to see
Strange Woman at the window
Spooning Part 2
Happily Ever After
My Dreams Keep talking to me
They Took Me To A Mental Hospital Where People Disappear Every Thursday Part 4 (final)
Nicholas...
I work at S.E.T.I. We received a terrifying extraterrestrial message.
The house I grew up in | PART 1
I met a girl in the Japanese suicide forest i think she fallowed me home and is trying to kill me
The monsters that live in my mind
Nicholas...
The quiet kid on the school bus
I'm a shapeshifter living in some government confinement in America AMA
Dads Ritual // Part 2
As an employer I give my employees lots of benefits to make them happy
Grandma Speaks The Dead Language Part II
I found a mysterious locked door in my apartment
Was it a cult? Pyramid scheme? Or were they trying to traffic me?
People have been ODing in my town. I wish I never found out why.
blood in the lounge
I'm a shapeshifter confined in the US by the government AMA
Lonely Sasquatch ISO Love Part 3
This is a story i wrote on word for creepy pasta what do u you guys think?
O cihaz ne idi..
They Tell Me He’s Not Dead
A suggestion
I Had To Follow These Guidelines For Survival (part 1)
I've slayed evil for thousands of years, and I need help.
The Day That God Wept
Lonely Sasquatch ISO Love Part 3
I thought my copy of Animal Crossing was glitching. The truth was much worse.
Lonely Sasquatch ISO Love Part 3Clairvoyance: Red Door Yellow Door
There was a cursed basketball at my middle school.
Whispers
Was it a cult? Pyramid scheme? Or were they trying to traffic me?
Where Am I?
A Haunting at Chattanooga Tennessee
The things I see, but don't fully understand.
They bought up a bunch of land in Mongolia.
The Burnt Lady.
Him
Spooning Part 2
A massive asteroid hit the moon. Something unexpected happened...
Spooning Part 2
I can see the stars during the day.
the truth about the last city of atlantis pt1
Our company creates and raise creatures, and I got a typewriter.
I stole a pimp's typewriter. He wrote an erotic novel, but I finished the ending.
I killed a siren head last summer
My childhood home | PART 1
If you see a man selling ice-cream in the middle of the night...
The hidden horror of Clear Water Asylum (Part 2)
Our. Turn. Now.
My Cat Nibbles.
The Haunting at 9 Woodland Close (part 2)
The Zookeepers. Part 1
Top 2 Survey Sites 2020
There is something in the house and it’s waiting.
Honey
the truth about atlantis pt1
the truth about the lost city of atlantis
thispersondoesnotexist.com,
A strange box appeared on my front door .i can’t get rid of it
The Other Side
a glitch in the matrix
The house i grew up in / part 1
The Balloon Man
The Writer's Blackout Phase 2
A story from my childhood
My roommate's Nightmare in a Group Home (kinda scary but true)
Anita Lee's Diary
A Snapchat Suicide
A Snapchat Suicide [Fiction]
The Old Brimstone inn, The best place to spend eternity.
My Dog Died Last Night
My father is a surgeon but the file on his laptop says otherwise Part 1
The Scavenger's Daughter (Part 1)
P
12 years ago, my Father killed my family. Now I know why.
The Scavenger's Daughter (Part 1)
My father is a surgeon but the file on his laptop says otherwise Part 1
NoSleep interview featuring nmwrites!
I was his first and I will be his last.
The Blackwater Hospital Chronicles - A Gift from Another World
I just discovered footage of a strange man hiding in my granddaughter’s bedroom
I was his first and I will be his last.
Weird encounter?
Under my bed
My little brother thinks Mommy is a Ghoul
Weird occurrence that I need explained..
Anyone wanna tell me what just happened??
Archeology was my passion, now it may be my death
You can find infinite bliss at the center of Reverie Wood. But you must follow these rules in order to get there. [Part 3]
I’m being threatened by gang members
Am I a target for a gang member??
I’m being threatened by gang members
Could they have been the same person.... could they?
I am being threatened by gang members?
You’re Never Too Far from Hell
Guys this is serious I swear
I been targeted from a gang members
I will keep you alive
My brother went missing in the woods and I found him, but something’s not right [Part One]
I will keep you alive
I will keep you alive
I will keep you alive
I think an angel stopped me from burning my own house
If you go to The Pine Campsite, never look directly into the fire
The ghost
Someone help.
I’ve had this dream for 9 years now
I’ve had this dream every night for 9 years
I think an angel stopped me from burning my own house
Scary things that happened at my nans house
The Blood In The Carpet
I work on a Russian submarine. Something is happening...
Are there any animals in Oregon that sound like humans? (Part 4)
Are there any animals in Oregon that sound like humans? (Part 3)
Hey Guys! Im looking for a story i binged on a long time ago. Help👇🏼
I was molested as a child by my uncle
A Normal Dinner
Bugged
The Missing Cutlery.
Where exactly is Aleister, Maine? (Part 1)
the guardian chapter 1
Once you enter, there’s no going back.
Hiking in New Zealand
"Don't Be Silly, There's No Monster In Your Closet!"
Children of Men
Struggling with my friend's suicide... His girlfriend is acting weird, too
ItchingThe rain follows me, and no one has noticed
My Friends All Died in an Abandoned Mall
Something terrible happened to me at 3 AM
It's harder to win cases when someone has stolen your voice | part 5, final
Me and my friend found an abandoned shed in the woods. I wish I'd never take any pictures again. (Part 2)
Dads Ritual
Sky turtle tours ch5: Colorado
Be careful when going through a gate, something lies between them.
Strange Experiences From My Days As A Scout [Part 1]
Clear Water Asylum (Part 1)
I used to archive old mental asylum records, and I’m finally ready to talk about what I saw. (series)
Old man jack
I used to archive old mental asylum records, and I’m finally ready to talk about what I saw. (series)
I was a private detective in the 70's, this case ruined my life.
There is something otherworldly lurking in upstate Florida
The Rock from Space
A demon has possessed my boss
I've attended and worked at the same summer camp for the last 15 years. The ghosts are the least of your worries- Shannon, Farryn, and the Leech (Part 6)
Tried to Sell a House, Now a Demon Follows Me...
After last night im never going urban exploring again
Mama always said I'd be a heart breaker. (Pt. 1)
My Grandmother's Attic (Part 2)
My School Bus Was Ambushed By A Bunch Of PHYCHOPATHS
The Wicker Saga: Song of Joy, Part 14
“You’ll see, son”
“Vigilant” Creepypasta
I Hate My Grandmother's Dolls.
Grandma and her ranch
Our School Bus Was Ambushed By A Bunch Of PHYCHOPATHS
Black Holes Aren't What We Think (Part 6)
My name is Catherine Jones and I just got a weird text from my ex
The Check Up
what happened to TheEmmaDilemma??
A Mother's Love
Us- trigger warning schizophrenia
The North Winds Part 1
Us (trigger warning- schizophrenia)
Someone is trying to kill me...(part 1)
Someone is in my house and trying to kill me
Someone is in my house and trying to kill me(part 1)
I just moved into a different town. This place is not normal.
Have You Ever Made A Wish In A Wishing Well?
The Dark, Bitter Gall (Part 1)
The Shadows
The Dark, Bitter Gall (Chapter 1)
12,020
Footsteps
I stopped for gas on the way home last night and now something is haunting me
The Ever-Growing House
A Murderous Surgeon
When he arrives, guided by the rain.
10 years ago my friend survived a plane crash. He came back for revenge. Part 1/2
Does anybody know who put those eery statues on Angelbone Street?
They Took Me To A Mental Hospital Where People Disappear Every Thursday Part 3
I got a call from my dead grandma the other day
A Murderous Surgeon
A Murderous Surgeon
There’s something in the tower
There’s something in the tower
Scare me
I'm a retired lawyer who recently moved into town. Whatever you do, don't ever visit this place.
The World Ended
A cult hired me as an escort.
I shouldn't have made that deal...
I’m a barkeeper and my drinks are mixed with the blood of the dead
Lilac's New Whistle
The man in the window
My School's Lockdown
Our Own Affairs
I Found The Most Realistic Sex Toy
Had a ghost encounter last night, and I wanna meet it again
Basketball
A Single Marble
A Dog's Loyalty
Had a ghost encounter last night, I wanna find it again
I had a ghost encounter last night, and I wanna try finding it again
The painting
Roller Skating Hell
My hand is turning into Mold after getting bit by a Canada Goose
The painting
The last dream
My hand turned into mold after getting bit by a Canada Goose...
Beautiful Silence
A letter from my father
The Hell App
Serenity
A Letter From My Father
It is so happening again. - part three
My roommates think someone or something is in our house
The last dream
But I just wanted a family
I took a job as a Fire lookout in the middle of the woods, I found a strange set of rules to follow - The Final Part
I visited an abandoned antique mall and I think something followed me home.
But I just wanted a family
Yeah, it's happening. Again. - part three
One and the same
Ouija Stories
The Apartment In Paradai Towers
My roommates think someone or something is in our house
I pretended to be insane to avoid being conscripted into the Russian Army. After four weeks in the Asylum, I starting to understand what's going on hereThe happiest place on earth is dying - Part 4
The old man in my yard
I had a bad Randonautica experience
For the past 5 months, once a week, I have been having the same dream.
I recently moved to a different town. Whatever you do, don't visit this place.
Apollo 17
Listen when you study Healing Music Box &amp; Calm Rain
My sister in law keeps posting pictures of her baby on the internet and it's freaking me out (Update)
I am a professional rule breaker : The Black Pit.
Under my bed
I see her face when I take in the night's scent
Whispers
Please keep your mask on at all times.
I just moved into a very, very strange place.
Whispers
Don't visit the Claw Machine arcade in Taiwan
[Sleep Deprivation Horror Movie!] AWOKEN - New Official Trailer (2020)
Nobody Will Wash Up On Our Island Ever Again
The Concrete Creaks.
The painting
Really bad things are happening in Hollywood.
Why I hunt monsters : Reason 1 "I'm being watched while I sleep"
I bought groceries for my local pizza shop during quarantine. This is what made me quit.
The trench ghost
The painting
Nobody Will Wash Up on the Shore of Our Island Anymore.
Don't Invite Them In...
check out my youtube channel
7.109.122.157 114.193.246.29 219.36.75.137 97.32.177.115 69.48.230.10 84.42.197.236 180.167.119.160 201.RANDOMIPPART1.141.164.203 95.189.12.99 220.168.220.218 252.37.165.177 100.64.156.103 247.201.31.214 204.151.82.155 68.220.165.241 95.131.224.87 19.169.62.201 57.130.119.174
Lightning
Lightning
I work as a guard in a graveyard, I have a creepy set of rules EP 2
Man's Best Friend
I started a job at the local gas station. The previous worker left an odd set of rules to follow. pt 1
Please help
The last dream
the circle: alpha
The Room with the Red Light
The thing in the Darkness
Man's Best Friend
I think I'm stranded with Mad Old Mister Holland (part 5)
I hope they made it home.
My Night Terrors Are Killing Me
Nepotism
UFO Sightings - What Really Happened? Tales From Your Local Time Traveler
Grandpa Little Tale: The Weird thing in the Dark. [Part 1]
Anyone else love Leathal Weapon a bit too much growing up?
Why can’t I up vote or comment on anything on Reddit. It’s like I’m a read only version or something. I done even have a icon that suggests there is even a place to make a comment.
Strange experiences from childhood.
It can use your own voice against you, or against your family
Diving
My professor shot himself trying to prove that consciousness doesn't live on after death
I read one of those copy pastas about a girl that would try to kill me. She's been watching me sleep. Part: 1 maybe?
True horror
1: Feelings, feelings
My stepmother trapped me inside a music box when I was 9. For the first time in over 20 years, I’ve found a way to make contact with the outside world.
My Grandmother was hiding something in her garden and it was darker then you could ever imagine
Lucid Dreams and an Ocean Full Of Nightmares.
My stepmother trapped me inside a music box when I was 9. For the first time in over 20 years, I’ve found a way to make contact with the outside world.
Rules for Filing for Unemplopyment in NJ
An Ocean Full Of Nightmares.
I'm flying a jet... If I land I will die
You Have One (1) New Message - Part 2
Stranger on the roof
Help why can't I fall asleep
It's harder to win cases when someone has stolen your voice | part 4
The Fly
Undying Beauty
Undying Beauty
It began with a recurring dream, in which I could watch myself sleeping
The black cat
I lived in an alternate reality and experienced Hell, what I saw was awful. [Part one]
Moses, Chata, discovery of integration of disease with yeast.
I found a Radio in the Closet
An Alarming Smile And Large Sprite.
My Grandmother's Attic (Part 1)
Seven Deadly Sins: A Book of Childhood Morality Tales: Lust/Envy (Part 3)
Keep Your Head Up, Adam
A Shadow in the Dark
You can find infinite bliss at the center of Reverie Wood. But you must follow these rules in order to get there. [Part 2]
Siren Head: Origins
The Self I Left Behind
There’s a voice in my head
Toybox V: Princess and The Queen
I heard in unusual scream from the woods behind my house
Home...Family...Cursed. part 1
The Experiment
The shadow/Tall man
I hope they won't wake me up tonight
For the past 5 months, once a week, I have been having the same dream.
Reflections
Some weird things have been happening to me lately. This is what happened last night.
The plague of Sandra. Part 1.
I visited my stepmom after our affair. My father let me in on the family secret. [Pt. 2]
I heard a noise in the sewer tunnels.
Howard's Curse
Our Children's Apocalypse
Someone is Narrating my Life a Week In Advance. I Think They Just Predicted My Death.
The Letters
FormicationI work as a guard in a graveyard , I have a creepy set of rules to follow. EP 1
Formication
Ḱ̷͖̻̰͙͎́͆̋̓̂̔͊͘e̴͚̩̱̣͗͐̈́́̔̏͌̓̽̎̒͠͝ĕ̸̜̐̀̑́̂̂͛̈͑͌̎̚͝͝p̵̡̡̩͚̥̭̩͉̝̳̃̽̄̇̓̓̂ ̵̛̺̪͓͓́̿̾̒̓̊̆̒̌͘ͅI̸̖͇̝̦̦̳͇̘̒̈̂͗̈́̓̓̋̊͑̀̽̂́t̵̡̨̝̱̞̬̠̦̭̜͐̀͊͝ ̸̦̞͎̫̝͓̩̥̮̤̖̼̚͜ͅÒ̸̢̗͎̖̬̾͑̑̓̋̌̿̂͝ǔ̸̳͙̱͍͕̪̼̞̙̃̽̿̎̚t̸̺̹̜̙̗̘̼͖̬̻̓͐̚̚
STATIC
I am The Rain Man
Something weird is going on and i am freaking out
The Old Man
STATIC
Bailey's Here (Part 1)
I’m at camp and an old piece of lumber has one of those witch symbols on it from the Blair witch
The box
Amorphous Blob
My hometown is probably haunted [part 2]
People don't really take it seriously when a man goes missing
They Took Me To A Mental Hospital Where People Disappear Every Thursday Part 2
I gave the eulogy at my grandfather's funeral yesterday (Part 1)
Black Plastic, White Sleep
I’m a PhD student researching urban legends. My visit to Devil’s Tower haunts me.
Guys I am freaking the fuck out right now
My True Ghost Story
Hillsdale Pen
The box
The sun went down, and never came back up. Part 1
I'm convinced my son killed his dad
Last night, I had the best sex of my life.
We used ouija board
They come at night.
A red mist surrounded my town and now everybody is going insane Part 3
My coworker saw people that weren’t there. Today, I saw them too.
Child-proof Living
I Found My Parents Sex Tape, Something Doesn't make sense.
My dad took my brother and me out to the woods to bury a body -- (Coin Toss) -- Part 1
My Dad took my brother and I out to the woods to bury a body - (Coin Toss) - Part 1 [Series]
Harsh times
I hve an deman on my farm
Fate brought them together
There's something in the house! (Nightmare)
I've attended and worked at the same summer camp for the last 15 years. The ghosts are the least of your worries. (Part 5)
House Noises pt 1
Almost bought a haunted house
A Killer Joke
I should have left the first time I heard the noises coming from the flat upstairs.
Keep Your Head Up, Adam
the haunted
A Mother's Love
I witnessed a suicide when i was a kid. I don't know what it is anymore
I unfold it. And scream.
Him.
You will feel something behind you. Don't look back.
I’m a private Investigator. I am trapped inside a lunatic asylum nobody has ever heard of. Something terrible is going on here. Part 1
Strange Findings from The Archives – "Him of The Woods"
Rich dad poor dad
Rich dad poor dad
Tree Man (Part One)
The Woman in the White Dress
I’m a Freemason and I have some stories to tell you – As Above, So Below: My Swan Song (Part 10)
I’m a Freemason and I have some stories to tell you – As Above, So Below: My Swan Song (Final part)
I’m a Freemason and I have some stories to tell you – As Above, So Below – My Swan Song (Final part)
Any Stories?
Give me some of your scary experiences to read during quarantine!
the tall man
I got ‘group kidnapped’ but escaped
Gift
Law Enforcement
Mental to the bone
So I Found This Journal Walking My Dog
I am the merchant.
My mother is a prison nurse. I found this recording in her room.
People Wash Up on my Island Community: All Rivers Lead to the Ocean.
Smile
A war has begun. And we are not winning
The Virtuoso.
The Virtuoso
3:33 notifications I guess
No 3:33 Notification
My phone just turned itself on...
I work at a specialist hospital for insomniacs, they aren’t what you think they are.
Need help irl
Need help if its okay
How the mighty has Fallen
Weird things keep happening in my house I’ve lived in since birth AMA
how the (All)mighty has fallen....
The detective - Dark web
THE Y ARE EVERYBODY
I watched a video on YouTube, now weird things are happening in my house.
Good Dog Chapter 2
The insanity of a lonely human
Weird Day At Church
How I Lost My Son (Finale)
Is anyone else seeing this strange Animal Crossing event?
Hang man
Backyard Oddities
The beginning of the end - Part 1
I slay monsters for a living.
Little White Sphere
We Are Not Alone
I can hear the syllables, just not quite the words.
Bsbsbs
Anyone heard of DAGON Maritime Shipping? Report of an abandoned fishing yacht (Part 2)
EurekaIt Takes A Village
Sissy is Sleeping
It's harder to win cases when someone has stolen your voice | part 3
Experiments
Sarah is sleeping
The Shadow Man
Hello! Im looking for real scary stories to be featured in my youtube channel. :) how or where I can find ??
I did an autopsy on a Jane Doe, and you won't believe what I found..
Don't Believe His Smile
I never talk about what happened on my first case as detective, but I had to share my story somewhere...
I Adopted A Shelter Cat A Week Ago and Now People in My Neighborhood Are Going Missing (Part 1)
I woke up in a different body.
They Took Me To A Mental Hospital Where People Disappear Every Thursday Part 2
I'm a US Forest Ranger transcribing video from a camera I found in the woods... THE PIPER'S CALLING YOU TO JOIN HIM [FINAL]
Buried Memories [Part 1]
It was supposed to be the best day of my life
The Black Veil and the Astronomer
I inadvertently opened a portal to another dimension. Now I'm being hunted.
There's something out there.
I Finally Fixed The Drip From My Sink. Now I'm Hearing Voices From It Instead.
Something stopped me from killing myself and I don't know what it was.
There's something out there.
Bulimia
My friend was a Coast Guardsman for the U.S. Coast Guard. He told me some stories before passing away
Tears and smiles realizing I'm dying a painful death.
My friend was a Coast Guardsman for the U.S. Coast Guard. He told me some stories before passing away
My Sister Lost Her Name
My friend was an Officer for the U.S. Coast Guard. He told me some stories before passing away
My friend was a Coast Guardsman for the U.S. Coast Guard. He told me some stories before passing away.
Smiling and Tearing up realizing i'm about to die a painful death.
My friend was a Coast Guardsman for the U.S. Coast Guard. He told me some stories before passing away.
So I used to have this nightmare
Oceans and Lucid dreaming never mix.
I slept with my stepmom. Years later, I still couldn't get over the attraction.
You never really know who someone is.
Black Vein Blues
I unfold it.
We have been stationed on the moon since 1988. There's a reason it has been kept a secret. (Part 3)
The Aware
I thought I knew what I wanted, but now I keep dying for it
You never really know who someone is
You never really know who someone is
My Coronavirus Conspiracy
Living Earth
Living Earth
Bright Blue Eyes
I took a job as a Fire lookout in the middle of the woods, I found a strange set of rules to follow - Part 7
Lighthearted podcast with spooky stories
Living Earth
My Wife and I Made a Deal With Whatever Lives At the Bottom of Devil's Pond
Queer
You Have One (1) New Message
Haunted Message [part 1]
We Are Not Alone
Please, Do NOT Buy Used Video Games Off of the Internet
We Are Not Alone
I FOUND A REAL GENIE AND NOW IM CURSED
Real Haunt: Elbow Road
My Grandmother was Obsessed with Two Dolls. She Believed That They Taught Her Appreciation.
I remove animals that no one wants anymore. One of my clients is following me.
Avenge Me
Me and my friend found an abandoned shed in the woods. We're never going to take pictures ever again.
I never wished i got a kid with my wife.
These People are not my Family
I don't know if I am living in an alternate reality. [Part 1 &amp; 2]
I Know Why Aliens Haven't Visited Us
Baby, Can You Come Home Early?
Amy Finished copy
My mind was aware, but I wasn't
The Dollhouse, Part III
I didn't think a teacher could do that...
I didn't a teacher could do that..
I crossed the void and now their laughter is everywhere
Don't Trust His Smile
A story that has haunted me since i heard it as a child.
Dont go towards the light.
Don't go towards the light.
Midnight train to another world
I woke up but I didn't.
Surreal encounters
A Mexican tale
What will happen in september 5?
Stuck on a airplane and time won't go
Jerry (Pt 2)
The head of our town is craving the smell of death
The Room That Shouldn’t Be There. Part Three.
The Road
I woke up in a child’s body
Underneath the Bridge Part 2
It's through blood that I see everything clearly. People pay me for my services.
Falling to the Void
If you don't see in the beginning, you will see in the end
I have a thing called orgasm synesthesia
I received a strange journal and I need help investigating the contents (Part Two)
the tall man
The Lamp in Grandma's Attic
The Road
Don't Trust His Smile
The channel
We Didn't Know What We Were EatingYou can find infinite bliss at the center of Reverie Wood. But you must follow these rules in order to get there.
My work is getting weirder
They took my child
Pain, Suffering, and Poptarts
I’ve been up for awhile now and I’m being to hallucinate bug and slight shadows
If you know they're dead, do not follow their voice. It's not theirs anymore. The Imitator
The Abandoned Bunker.
I run a jewelry store in the afterlife. Someone wants me dead.
The child at the bus stop
A year ago an entity took my eyes
I FOUND A REAL GENIE AND NOW I'M CURSED
Forest Heavy Rain and Light-Sounds for SLEEP &amp; Relaxing-Study-5 Hours of...
I Found A Real Genie, Now I'm Cursed.
They Took Me To A Mental Hospital Where People Disappear Every Thursday Part 1
I’m losing grip of reality
Confessions of the only Late-Night Radio Host on this Empty Island
The Proper Way to Grieve.
My final voyage took me to Hell. Never again will I set sail.
The Siren's Song
There's purple and blue lights around her face.
I saw some shadows outside, now I can’t get out of the house. Part 1
The Spooky Spot
This is more like a Prompt than a Story: Midnight Game in the Winchester Mystery House.
The Doomsday Codes
LIKE RABBITS.
Something out there.
Dunno where to post this so I'll post it here
If You're Driving in the Mountains, Don't Listen to Your Radio
When you learn that your life will never be normal, or How I Got My Ghost Knife.
Where did they go?
Needle: Needle Needle
The Lesbian Masked Jock
I went to an abandoned hourse with my brother and his girlfriend, and I can't explain what we saw.
Falling To the Void
My Kitten Mittens
I found a journal in my basement the other day.
Oblidat
Welp it’s the 5th time I’m watching breaking bad.
We found out what lies in the recesses of the unconscious mind. Now it's the only thing that's conscious.
I’m the only person inside this missile silo.
Someone tried to kill me during a thunderstorm
I Have Insomnia, I'm Starting to Think it's Something More Than That
Something keeps Walking Outside my Cabin at Night (part 1)
I Can't Sleep
"Barely Breathing" Curse of the Mysterious Music Video Channel (My First Story)
D.B. Cooper - What Really Happened? Tales From Your Local Time Traveler
Just a Thought
Project Morningstar
I Can't Sleep
Chloe Amity
The Children of Woodharrow Park
I dont know where I am or what this place is. But its not my fucking house.
It still watches me (part 2)
How to Raise the Dead
The Elder of the Wind
The Glowing Tunnel
Restaurants Betting On Vaccine To Reopen Will Be Disappointed
I think I'm stranded with Mad Old Mister Holland (part 3)
I think I'm stranded with Mad Old Mister Holland (part 3)
It's been a while since the trees started to bend.
Locked in Delaware
Dreaming
I have a question
My house has been possessed by demons, i have to follow a set of rules or they'll take my soul (part 1)
I don’t sleep (;
My house has been possessed by demons and i have to follow a set of rules or they'll take my soul (part 1)
I Found The Most Realistic Sex Toy
I've attended and worked at the same summer camp for the last 15 years. The ghosts are the least of your worries. (Part 4)
Following the trail of an old story
Grandma Speaks The Dead Language
My Great-Great grandma doesn’t know what’s keeping her Alive
Following the trail of an old story
Newspaper in Augusta Georgia published this vile article about Ahmaud Arbery in their local paper
A Coded Discord text reader.
It's harder to win cases when someone has stolen your voice | part 2
The Third Floor Bedroom
She is so incredibly beautiful.
Looking for medical advise
The Third Floor Bedroom.
Looking for medical advise
Novelty bodies a story by Fresh Creepypasta Narrator on Youtube
She is so incredibly beautiful.
FEAR
Looking for medical advise
Looking for medical advise
Looking for medical advise
An Old Sailor Sits on my Porch Every Night
Politicians and bankers need not apply, the new world order.
I've attended and worked at the same summer camp for the last 15 years. The ghosts are the least of your worries. (Part 4)
They say 8 spiders crawl into our mouth while we sleep, every year. I don't know about that. All I know is that one night, I woke up as one crawled out.
There are things that lurk in the ice and the snow
Favor to Ask
Tale of the Sunken Souls
I rented a house just recently.
My team and I found a hourglass in an abondened cave in [restricted]. We all ran out of time.
Paradox Experiments Log
They say 8 spiders crawl into our mouth while we sleep, every year. I don't know about that. All I know is that one night, I woke up as one crawled out.
There are things that lurk in the ice and the snow
Heroes Suck
MiaRain
An unhappy Halloween
She never warned me about the screaming
Entered another timeline through a phone call
Hello, my name is James Duolk, I’m going crazy out here... I am the last human on Earth.
His friend from community college
I looked out of my window, what I saw is terrifying.
Something still stalks me till this day.
What the heck is happening in my house?
The Bald Man. By Wallace Grimm
I Purchased A Sex Toy Online That Has Forever Changed My Life
What makes you feel alive?
What I've Observed
The GuideLines To Survival(Part 1)
Something I've Observed
The Bald Man By. Wallace Grim
The Bald man. By Wallace Grim
I am a professional rule breaker : Ghosts of Little Flower Valley.
The Amazon Incident
My brother got kidnapped. Now he is talking to ghosts. (Part2)
The Cherry Tree - Part 2 Ending
Transmission
Something has Gone Terribly Wrong Inside My House
There are things that lurk in the ice and the snow
I know I saw something outside of my window.
I’ve been completing some deeply disturbing crosswords
I took a job as a Fire lookout in the middle of the woods, I found a strange set of rules to follow - Part 6
Lonely Sasquatch ISO Love Part 2
Rent was due, and I didn't have enough to cover it. My post read..."Room for Rent. Great location. Cheap rent. DM if interested." I found a roommate and now I will never, under any circumstances, live with a roommate again. (part 6).......Final installment
My Nightmares Won - Part 1
My Wife is Alright
My brother got kidnapped now he is talking to ghosts (part 2)
FEAR Pt. 1
Crow
I Need To Let Go
I shouldn't have gone
The New House
I stubbed my toe
My mother is dead and I'm stuck in her house
i just want some answers
I stubbed my toe
What makes you feel alive?
I stubbed my toe
The night project. Part 1
The Rose
The new house
Kilter's Account of the Gruesome and Ghastly [Part 3]
Happened Last Week
I find strange things in the homes of the deceased
If the doorbell rings in the middle of the night, don't answer.
The timer part one
A narrator didn’t ask permission to use my story, I bet he wished he had.
I Hate Wardrobes
The Timer Man
Demise of the Truth Bringer
My Night Terrors Felt A Little Too Real
Two-Faced Sally
My patient think's he's being watched.
The Lady in White-Part 1: The Red Dress
I Saw Something Through the Ice
Jerry (Pt 2)
Jerry (Pt 2)
Something is catching up with me.
The woods at my grandmother's house used to be fun...
The forever patrol
Those Who Remain
The Descent - Day 1
#Come and play part 1
#Comeandplay Part one
Breaking and Entering
#Comeandplay Part 1
I Made A List of Rules, Hopefully the Next Idiot Uses Them
The timer
Every time a cough I cause someone to die
Heat Place
Breaking and Entering
#Comeandplay Part 1
#Comeandplay Part 1
Jerry (Pt 1)
My Anti-War, Anti-American Short Story: 'Screened Out'
Night Lights
Breaking and Entering
I Found My Parents Sex Tape, Something Doesn't Make Sense
Becca and I Have Both Lived In Haunted Houses and We're No Strangers To Ghostly Encounters
Breaking and Entering
I still don't know who came home that night.
I met a traveling salesman selling alternatives to Hell. [Pt. 3] FINAL
I Found A Real Genie, Now I'm Cursed.
I waited for ten years to use my pair of jugular scissors. The wait was worth it.
Little Forest Witch
“Come in and see”(part 1)
Ferockwhite Springs [part 1]
I just moved in to my new house, and there are foxes in the basement.
#Comeandplay Part 1
We have been stationed on the moon since 1988. There's a reason it has been kept a secret. (Part 2)
not a usual nosleep post, and not super scary, just something that scared me while I was in a psych ward.
My fiancée wrote a cookbook before she ate herself to death. Her final words were "I tasted that good?"
People Wash Up on the Shore of my Island Community. Now I Know Where They Come From.
This isn't a usual nosleep story, just an experience I had whilst in a psych ward.
I'm Surrounded by NightmaresEver since this strange man showed up, nothing has ever been the same.
The BunnyMan
The shadows under our feet
Jeffrey Dahmer Is Still Alive.
My experiments in sensory enrichment.
Jeffrey Dahmer Is Still Alive (proof)
Jeffrey Dahmer Might Still Be Alive
To See a Siren Head
Flower Forest
Underneath the Bridge Part 2
Ever since this strange man showed up, nothing has ever been the same.
Apple might Offer Audio Versions of News+ Stories - 24TO7Mac
Apple might Offer Audio Versions of News+ Stories
I Noticed Something Strange About This Road On My Work Commute and I Think Someone Tried to Follow Me Home (Part 1)
There's a Man with a Thousand Faces, and I've seen every one.
Ever since this strange man entered my life, nothing has ever been the same.
Don't tell skinwalker stories around the campfire
“We're trapped in a school with no memories, and the ghosts say the only way out is through the library”: Part 2
I think my half sister is trying to kill me
I am the DreamBot M-3. I Protect You From All Nightmares. However, There Is Something Lurking.
The Haunting at 9 Woodland Close (Part 1)
The GuideLines To Survival(Part 1)
The church of Ba-Yarul: Absolute Loyalty
The Devils Fortunteller
Never ending nightmares
I can’t post this on r/relationshipadvice, so I’ll try here.
Another Farm in Southeast Idaho (Part 1)
Childhood Memories [True Story]
Polly P. Pippet.
Guys friend zone by keeping us as side pieces
I opened a museum of cursed objects. This latest one is extra cursed.
Tales From the Diner - The Dark Magician Incident
Covid-19 My Ass...Pigmen Are Attacking My Small Town in Kansas (part one)
he loved us, and he wanted the best for us.
Something terrible happens whenever I try to sleep
The Hunter
My relationship is made of three parts: me, my boyfriend, and his demon.
Help, they are after me!
The Man In Black
Being Essential screwed me
The Lady In White-Part 1: The Red Dress
I cannot rest by the shore.
The Dish
I still don't know who entered my house that night.
My Grandmother Had The Weirdest Condition. When She Died It Got Worse.
My Co-Worker has gone missing and I think my Boss has something to do with it... Part 2
The Imitator Records. My Hunt for North America's Newest Predator. Document One, My Own Thoughts and Introduction to the Imitator along with Cop and Surviver Interview, Damaged
Being Essential isnt that Great
The Imitator Records. My Hunt for North America's Newest Predator. Document One, My Own Thoughts and Introduction to the Imitator along with Cop and Surviver Interview (Damaged)
My son's imaginary "friend"
I still don't know who came home that night.
I Purchased A Sex Toy Online That Has Forever Changed My Life
The Mysteries and Murders of Error Hill Road (part 4)
What Happened To Emily?
My nightmares won. Chapter 1
I've attended and worked at the same summer camp for the last 15 years. The ghosts are the least of your worries. (Part 3)
The Nights of Feverish Dreams
I Made A List of Rules, Hopefully the Next Idiot Uses Them
I Made A List of Rules, Hopefully the Next Idiot Uses Them
i’m new to reddit, here’s my no sleep story
Asylum
I Made A List of Rules, Hopefully the Next Idiot Uses Them
Crow
Broke House
Seven Deadly Sins: A Book of Childhood Morality Tales: Pride/Sloth (Part 2)
The Imitator Records. My Hunt for North America's Newest Predator. Document One, My Own Thoughts and Introduction to the Imitator along with Cop and Surviver Interview (Damaged)
Scarlet Trees: Chapter One
I've been a detective for over 30 years. The Jane Smith case has come back to haunt me
I've worked in law enforcement for 30 years, and to this day I'm haunted by the case of Jane Smith
It’s so dark in here.
I narrate horror stories and I was wondering if y’all could do me a favor and check out my Yt it’s called “Uncharted Spooks “ I’m currently sitting at 428 subs,
They Are Screaming at Me
When the chimney speaks
My wife is somehow alive
My Ear's Won't Stop Ringing
I think I'm stranded with Mad Old Mister Holland (part 1)
As I scroll through here,I keep being asked how long I can survive in a zombie world. Is there something you’re not telling us?!
Ornament
The masked man
The GuideLines To Survival
The warning man
Chorus of Suffering
The Pilliga
It's harder to win cases when someone has stolen your voice
This mane the next lil tecca I swear
The Shadows in the Night
I cannot sleep by the shore.
My aunt's diary (part 1).
Zach had maggots coming out of his eyes.
Home
Clairvoyance: The Lighthouse on Darren's Beach
I used to be a diver. Now I have Thalassophobia.
Your cards say death.
Did
Eleven people were just murdered in Las Vegas, but you won't read about it on the news. There's no going back now.
Should cake be eaten with a fork or spoon?
Don't go past Shelly's house
David Knows a Shortcut
Her house was a gate to stop demons, until one day
Everything was fine until I heard itDeath Arrived in Gammon, Kansas [part one]
Drunk
Ghost Stories and Hallucinations?
Dr. Beckett's Morinthal Journal - Deciphered
New home, new faces?
This is a warning.
the dating sim i found
I’m a Freemason and I have some stories to tell you – Vitam Aeternam (part 9)
Underneath the Bridge Part 3
Underneath the Bridge Part 2
Underneath the Bridge Part 1
I tried to Lucid Dream. NEVER AGAIN.
I was in voice chat with a man with a mask and a raincoat
I hunt high profile targets for the government
The house- part 2
Self Image
This story is about you.
The house-a dream diary
A Friend of Her Own
Sirenhead
Hall of Mirrors, part one.
This dark web challenge scarred me for life
There is a Desk in my Backyard
The Snatcher
Hall of Mirrors (1/2)
the dating sim i found NSFW
The Snatcher
Hall of Mirrors.
I don't know if I am living in an alternate reality. [Help me]
My Nephew's Lookalike
I found a metal box at the junkyard. FINAL
A Sound in the woods
Someone Steals my Dance Instructor's Shoes, And They Scream When I Find Out.
Someone Steals my Dance Instructor's Shoes, And They Scream When I Find Out.
Call me crazy, but my own shadow has a mind of its own.
Someone Steals my Dance Instructor's Shoes, The Thief Screams When I Find Out
How to Overcome Writer's Block
I hugged my sleep paralysis demon
A Sound in the woods (A siren head story)
Blood Magic
ENCOUNTERS
There are people in the woods of Wisconsin hunting down things you could not imagine. I was one
Blood Magic
HELP
El hombre de la silueta negra.
Arbiter of Funereality
El hombre de la silueta negra.
Cassandra's Journal
Everyone I touch dies.
Creepy discord server
The lock on the door... (something's in there)
The Oofla
A How To Guide: Contacting Mother Nature!
"He would've left if someone asked him to"
Lonely story of a girl in life
Mars didn’t use to be the fourth planet on the Solar System. Does anyone remember Orcus?
There’s a Face looking up at me from the Pond outside my House
Just Another Farm in Southeast Idaho (Part 1)
Turbulence
What should you do if a demon asks you out? Asking for a friend.
The Fountain
I am in a medical trial for a supplement to make people more perceptive. Unfortunately, it works.
The Foot Man
My Old Friend Left his Phone at his School. A Teacher Keeps Chasing Me.
The Deal
Just another Farm in Southeast Idaho. (Part 1)
The Lake By His House
If you feel paralysed, it's already too late.
How I Lost My Son (Part 1)
A crazy man used to preach at my university. Now I know he really served the Devil.
The second we saw him we all fell in love
The Pond (Part 1)
You're It
I met a traveling salesman selling alternatives to Hell. [Pt. 2]
That Strange Feeling
That Strange Feeling (Nightmares Log: 1)
People Wash Up on the Shore of my Island Community. They’re appearing more often. (Part two)
That Strange Feeling. (Nightmares Series Log 1)
I fell asleep for a moment and woke up driving on a road I’d never seen before
I think a man is in my attic
I've been to the place between awake and dreaming
I work for a special investigation unit
The Forest Man
I found my old classmate's diary today. I don't know what to do.
Was it real?
I joined a new app for working various gigs. They seemed nonsensical at first, but now I realize the terrible truth behind the tasks I was given. [Part 2]
stranger is typing...
Rent was due, and I didn't have enough to cover it. My post read..."Room for Rent. Great location. Cheap rent. DM if interested." I found a roommate and now I will never, under any circumstances, live with a roommate again. (part 5)
Museum rules
We're trapped in a school with no memories, and the ghosts say the only way out is through the library: Part 2
"The Girl With Many Lives" or "The Girl Who's Fate Is The Same".
The second we saw him we all fell in love
Sirenhead
Ronnie's Playmate
The Church of Ba-Yarul
I think that siren head might be real not-fiction
My little problem
I just moved in (Part One)
Sirenhead is my fault and its worse than you could have ever thought.
I just moved in (Part One)I opened a museum of cursed objects. This newest one is extra cursed.
DON'T NERVER PLAY OUIJA
I just moved in (Part One)
I always thought when I woke from my coma i would be greeted by my family...
introspection
Slenderman Was Stalking Me - Part One
I Interviewed the Only Survivor of an Infamous Siren Head Attack
This Guy Had One of the More Unusual Penises I've Seen
The skin walker
If you hear cries for help in the woods, do not attempt to assist. I repeat, do not attempt to assist, it may be the Imitator
I work as a security guard for federal trade zone and something is extremely wrong with load NOX756 (part 1)
Join Us as We Gaze into the Abyss
My lifeguard life seems a little dull, so I find the perfect guy who thinks I'm worth dying for.
If you hear cries of help in the woods late at night, just run and do not be afraid. Do not be afraid of the Imitator
I Interviewed the Only Survivor of an Infamous Sirenhead Attack.
The Cherry Tree
Mr keepsy
I found a mattress at my rental, wasn't expecting a set of rules to come with it.
How to Survive Camping: I'm worried about the lady with extra eyes
Screams in the Night
Screams in the Night (NSFW)
Deep Pockets
My hometown is probably haunted
Something is emitting a faint beep every 44s and I can't find what.
I watched one of my brother’s old videos and saw something I can’t unsee...
The man who follows me and talks to me while I sleep
Your dog and I are more than best friends.
Paradise Hotel
I've attended and worked at the same summer camp for the last 15 years. The ghosts are the least of your worries. (Part 2)
The companies neighborhood
My Girlfriend Has An Amazing Talent
Something strange is happening at the hospital I work at. Part three.
Rough draft of my short story Paradise Hotel (work in progress, feel free to make suggestions)
The Old Town Library
please help me chose a title. this is part 1
My New House Came With A Song
Never Follow The Signs
Never Follow The Signs
Dirt Under the Nails
Realization
please help me chose a title. this is part 1
If you see the skeleton man ad, DO NOT click on it.
If you see the skeleton man ad, DO NOT click on it.
That God Awful Buzzing
The True Story of Sirenhead
I found something strange in a bunker from The Spanish Civil War
The nurse's box of band-aids
Fallen on Deaf Ears
The Antler Ritual
Backyard Oddities
The Beetles of Rouain
The heritage of my grandma
Backyard Oddities
Somethings not right about this neighbourhood.
Don’t Stop Recording
Last logs from Recovered phone # 423 .
My happy place
I composed a music, and when I heard it in reverse, it cursed me forever.
The Beach Experience
I do not think I will be allowed to stay here another night
I'm a Monster Without My Coffee... Literally.
Please, please stop.
I'm a Monster Without My Coffee... Literally.
I composed a music, but when I heard it backwards, it was cursed.
Don’t open the door after 1am
Everywhere I look she's in my peripheral vision, and now she's getting closer.
The Babysitter
I went on a seemingly normal business trip from London to Chicago, but i booked the forbidden room in the hotel. (Part 2)
World’s Best Friend
Don't Stop Recording
It Was Just A Dream...
Don’t open the door after 1pm
Siren head
There are people in the woods of Wisconsin hunting down things you cannot imagine. I was one of them.
I am a professional rule breaker : The spirit of the forest.
I was part of an island exploration team in the Indian Ocean...I was the only survivor Part 6
There are people out in the woods of Wisconsin doing the things you cannot imagine. I was one of them.
The Babysitter
Patient Zero: Thyroiditis Pestis
We're trapped in a school with no memories, and the ghosts say the only way out is through the library: Part 1
I Always Wondered Why My Dog Sat Outside The Bathroom Door
My school has commenced The Cleaning. They said only the top peers will survive. (Part 2)
My school has commenced The Cleaning. They said only the top peers will survive. (Part 2)
The Government Wants Our Blood For Re-population. And They Want All of it.
I was part of an island exploration team in Indian Ocean...I was the only survivor PART 6
Disc
I was in voice chat with madman(Pt 1.)
What is that... (Siren Head)
The Funeral
My girlfriend has picked up a strange dance during lockdown. I don't know what to do.
My girlfriend has picked up dancing during the lockdown. I don't know what to do.
Paranoia Virus
Worst Week of My Life
I thought Mommy was Magic
Longest Week of My Life [Monday and Tuesday]
The tailypo
Tailypo
Don't rub your eyes
The House of Dolls
Nostalgia (Part 2)Endscreek: The Noise Coming From Inside Children [5]
The Boy Who Didn't Exist
The people in my hometown produce cursed goods. I'm the one who exports them all over the world.
the crawl space
The Forest
Accounts From A Northern MN Cabin: Second Report
There's Another Moon in the Sky
The Raggedy Man
Its dangerous... I know it now. Part 1
My Experience In A Haunted Hotel Room
I thought it was a regular sandstorm, it wasn't.
I took a job as a Fire lookout in the middle of the woods, I found a strange set of rules to follow - Part 5
There's a man in the woods
Between the Boxes - Cross to Bear
Zach had maggots coming out of his eyes.
The Shopping Cart That I Watch
If you see Little Red on the streets after midnight, it's already too late
My family went out for groceries. It's been 43 days, I'm still home alone.
Eleven People were just murdered in Las Vegas, but you won't read about it on the news. I tried to get out but He wouldn't let me.
This product, currently being sold on Amazon, is harmful to children! Do NOT use!
It Pulls the Fibers From My Skin, It Says I'll Get the Knife Again
I am a local biologist in my town. I believe the recent swarm of freshwater eels is due to something sinister [Part 2].
Stitched kids showing up in this town
I lived through Interstellar
I met a traveling salesman selling alternatives to Hell.
The Funeral
Unknown Number That Keeps Calling Me Is Now "Invalid"
The Frequent
The Door.
Gluttony
I believe i was possessed as a kid.
My grandfather does not have dementia
lawn care pt 1
Possession (Real story)
A Family Tradition
Ring-Ring
Call Me Birdy Chapter 2: Stolen Innocence
Tiger King
The Backwards people
What Happened On Board "Le Coureur Des Vents"
Forest Service Patrol
The Dust Bowl
The Umbrella Room [Part 4]
Why You Should Always Listen to Lynyrd Skynyrd's "Free Bird" in Its Entirety
What Happened on board "Le Coureur Des Vents".
Are there any animals in Oregon that sound like humans? (part 3)
1000 Feet Below (Ch. 1~09832)
My Girlfriend Seemed to Wear a Mask. Now I Know Why.
The Babysitter
Friends Ex tried to hunt me down
The Babysitter
The Babysitter
I wish I'd listened when she told me not to touch
All places in town were closed due to snow, at least, that's what they thought it was.
Oujia Board Story
Baby of the Bush
Queen Bees, Wasp Kings
Queen Bees, Wasp Kings
Our Secret
The Dollhouse, Part II
Anything ever dropped and dissapeared?
Is something following me around?
I used to work for one of those Haunted Houses growing up. It was more than haunted.
I used to work at one of those haunted houses growing up. It was more than haunted.
It wanted us alone
The cult ~ The Keeper
Something awful was in that house
Can't sleep and lonely
The knocking won't stop
I hunt sometimes...
The Unbuilt One
Local 78.
We shouldn't have gone into the corn field (Part 1)
Awesiaki: The Final Chapter
Organizational AliExpress Finds for the Organized RepLady
Don't Call Me a Simp/My "Ok Boomer Girl."
The Price
My family has been keeping this Book from me for years, I now know why [PART 2]
Two Stories happened or involving me
Two Stories happened or involving me
Two Stories happened or involving me
Nothing Scares Me More Than Hearing My Brother's Screams at Night
The Curious Case Of My Husband's Missing Buttons
I'm a type one diabetic, and I went bear hunting alone in the forest for the first time. ** This is based on a true story that nearly ended the same way, not even kidding**
I decided to uncover my sister's secret. I wish I hadn't...(PART 6)
The Ghoul of Ginta
Inner voices
4 Spoons
A match made in heaven
please scare me
please scare me
Encounter
please scare me
please scare me
please scare me
What Lies Beyond the Door
I used to think my Reflection was my Guardian Angel...Now I'm terrified of it
New Position! Personal Assistant Wanted. Part 2.
You want to go back... You need to go back...
You want to go back... You need to go back...Something happened 65 million years ago, and I need your help to stop it! PART 3/3
I went on a seemingly normal business trip from London to Chicago, but i booked the forbidden room in the hotel. (Part 1)
I went on a seemingly normal business trip from London to Chicago, but i booked the forbidden room in the hotel.
Something took my wife, I don't know what - part 2
I went on a seemingly normal business trip from London to Chicago, but i booked the forbidden room in the hotel.
I was going on a seemingly normal business trip to Chicago form London, but i booked the forbidden room in the hotel. (Part 1)
My family warned me about that field near the farm, little did I know what dark powers it really held | Part 1
Ice cream for days
We're looking for new mods!!!
Something took my wife, I don't know what - part 2
Project Humanity - White Room
My school has commenced The Cleaning. They said only the top peers will survive.
Bohemian Rhapsody
A Frat House Burned Down at My School
I Met a Being And Now it Fowllows Me Everywhere I Go Waiting To Attack
I found a tape I wasn't supposed to listen to. [Final]
The woods walker
I found a tape that I wasn't supposed to listen to.
The Grocery Store Where I Live Recently Became Open For 24 Hours.
My parents were the most notorious ‘child predator catchers’ in the US
Conspiracy, occultism, horror, and the weird discord server
The Bayou
Zoey is a good dog
The Stolen Me
Unethical life pro tip: how to get home when you've missed the last train – the lady in white (part 2)
Something manipulated me into thinking it was my deceased twin sister...
Watched
THE TOWN- PART ONE (INTRODUCTION)
The Town
The Nearus
True horror stories
Individual #03 - The watcher
My twin brother was abducted. Now he's back, but he's not the kid I remember. (Part 6)
My twin brother was abducted. Now he's back, but he's not the kid I remember. (Part 6)
The Town Part 1
There’s a demon keeping me up at night
The funeral
I joined a new app for working various gigs. They seemed nonsensical at first, but now I realize the terrible truth behind the tasks I was given
Spooky Pills (14)
How to download and play Animal Crossing New Horizons on Windows for free tutorial video!!! Play this if you can't sleep!
I'm the last person living in my dorm, but I don't think I'm alone
End your insomnia with MoonDust - Free sleep assessment and option to join pilot program
The Wrath of a Friend
Never make fun of the weird kid. You might hear head-banging coming from the bathroom when he invites you over.
If you see the Polaroid 635, run
My wife was different after her sister died
Eleven people were just murdered in Las Vegas but you won't read about it on the news. A sad tale.
I am a local biologist in my town. I believe the recent swarm of freshwater eels is due to something sinister.
The Thumping Pillow
Scarecrow in the Garden
People Wash Up on the Shore of my Island Community. It’s my Duty to Kill them Before they Wake Up.
Hades Tunnel
I spent the entire night at the top of Bleeder's Lookout
Towards Rezzen!
I witnessed a suicide when i was a kid. Now, i don't know what it was, anymore
"HONK IF YOU'RE HUNGRY"
Night
Menny me,. Meeny memy memy memy men
The thing in the woods [Part 1]
Call Me Birdy Chapter 2: Stolen Innocence.
I witnessed a suicide when i was a kid. I am not so sure what it was, anymore
Urgent
First experience with sleep paralysis was horrifying
Never go camping without a weapon in your disposal.
I just had my first sleep paralysis experience and it was terrifying and im shook! [SERIOUS]
My cat started staring at our hall at around 3am
David
Derek and the Rat
A Genie set free
I've attended and worked at the same summer camp for the last 15 years. The ghosts are the least of your worries. (Part 1)
I'm a 16 year old who pretty much lives in the basement with the lights off.
Derek and the Rat
The fat guy and Tsukiji(the Chinaman)
Did My Childhood Friend Try To Murder Me In The Woods? Or Was I Just Too High?
Precious
It still watches me
When Wishes Go Wrong
When Wishes Go Wrong
It still watches me
Police Investigation Horror Story
My wife was different after her sister died
There's Something Wrong With My Daughters Treehouse
Professional Courtesy
They Don't Tell You These Things When You Sign Up For the Nightshift
Room 222.
The blue light
A car chased me through the desert. What it wanted is something I'll never forget.
Heiner Experiment
I Was A Victim Of Sleep Paralysis, I Dont Think The Illusions Were Fake
The Laughing Game
I Was A Victim Of Sleep
My freinds are all dead and I almost went with them, I'm never going caving again.
The Wicker Saga: Song of Joy, Part 13
The blue light to 4h am
The Stolen Me..
Cheesy's World [Part 3] (FINAL)
The girl in white
re removal of my 'I test adult toys' nosleep
What if people disappeared?
ButtThe blue light in 4h30 am
Are there any animals in Oregon that sound like human? (Part 2)
My Great Uncle
Kilter’s Account of the Gruesome and Ghastly [Part 2]
I have been trapped in someone’s closet for a couple hours and I heard terrible things
I used to think my Reflection was my Guardian Angel...now I'm terrified of it.
My name is Walter, and I'm going to die.
When Wishes Go Wrong
Insanity
aj1bwcx12k
Bed Time
Insanity
Mind your Manners
Dragon Soda
Suicide letter. Part 1- My cousin's last words
Serial Killers are all connected by a dark website
Mythical Ritual Song turns reality
the secret nature of the vampire Zed
Music To Sleep
Natzweiler, 1944
I’m a Freemason and I have some stories to tell you – Welcome to Years 3142, 5793 and 12375 (part 8)
My Creative Writing Major Friend Keeps Sending Me His "Work," But I'm Starting To Think It Isn't Fiction
"The secret nature of the vampire Zed" Part 1 translated my writing to english
"The Secret Nature Of Vampire Zed" My first writing attempt I translated it to English from my original language.
My Imaginary Friend Keeps Crying
My night aboard a ghost train. A short horror story by Alexander DesCombes.
The Birds Whisper
The suicide letter- pt1
There is only ONE way to activate a proper sleep cycle..
I lost my wife's dog in a worm hole...she's going to kill me when she finds out
Inunaki Mura - The Abandoned Howling Village of Rural Japan. Part 3.
Haunted Call Center
How It Ends
How It Ends
Are there any animals in Oregon that sound like humans? (Part 2)
132 Oldacre Lane
How It Ends
Are there any animals in Oregon that sound like a human? (Pt. II)
Are there any animals in Oregon that sound like a human? (Pt. III)
I took a job as a Fire lookout in the middle of the woods, I found a strange set of rules to follow - Part 4
Kilter's Account of the Gruesome and Ghastly [Part 2]
The Eyes
Something happened 65 million years ago, and I need your help to stop it! PART 2/3
[Covid19]: The Quantum Killer
I work at a psychiatric hospital, and I've had some weird experiences
I work at a psychiatric hospital, and I've had some weird experiences
I work at a state psychiatric hospital, and I've had some weird experiences
Do not pick up three coins if nobody claims them
I walked up to the tree and stared at its stillness, wondering why it existed
When the town smells like nutmeg, you better take it as a warning
New changes to UpdateMeBot, and a request for help from it's owner.
Scariest Nightmare
Google Earth could’ve saved my best friend
You aren’t alone in the snow
Rooftop Shadow
We have been stationed on the moon since 1988. There's a reason it has been kept a secret.
Re: Acceptance is the hardest step. [Pt. 2]
New Position! Personal Assistant Wanted. Part 2.
My sick and twisted Nightmare (Real)
I'm a Russian spy in Alaska. I live in a cottage, miles away from others. But I no longer think I am alone...
The Dairy of the Friendly Neighborhood Sado-masochistic Psychopath. Vol. 1: The Early Years
Transmission
Splash Mountain After Dark
Nostalgia (Part 2)
Nostalgia (Part 1)
The Thing on The Island
Time’s Grove
Tony told me to!
I am an coulinary YouTuber and I think Mafia is after me
Their screams are pure terror...
Please help
Broken Arrows
Three Urban Legends in Beijing
Three Urban Legends in Beijing
Three Urban Legends in Beijing
Three Urban Legends in Beijing
Three Urban Legends in Beijing
Three Urban Legends in Beijing
Three Urban Legends in Beijing
Three Urban Legends in Beijing
Three Urban Legends in Beijing
The Hitchhiker
The Dancing Man in the Alley
I went into a coma for 5 months, I lived in another world during that time. (Part 1)
I pretended to be insane to avoid being conscripted into the Russian Army. After spending two weeks in the asylum, I realize I'm the only one sane here
Endless Staircase
Pixel Perfect XP An Excellent Custom Android ROM for Older Devices
Last thing I remember was pulling the trigger pointed at my head. I wake up wondering what happened and it’s year 2000.
Level 13 | Horror Story
3.2% of adult males see a blood-red crescent moon every Mother’s Day
This Girl Is Acting Weird (TrueStory)
Covid 19 was an A.I.'s attempt to save humanity. It failed. [Part 1]
I player ouija with my friends and the demon is still haunting me. Part 1 (TRUE STORY)
It's true story! I really need help! Creature from another world is trying to kill me!
ever heard of house fairies?
Our friend heard something in the woods.
My best friend drowned in an 'empty' water tank
I’ve been having crazy dreams while being pregnant, is that normal?
It's true story! I really need help! The creature from another world is trying to kill me!
Jaia's balancethe wailing of louie diedre
I'm 25 and i NEVER forget what happened at 11. EVER.
The School Experiment (Part 2)
It’s Hunting Us
The Farmhouse on the Ice
My twin sister (Part three)
It Watches Me Sleep
Late night shift
April 2020 Voting Thread
My twin sister (Part two)
My twin sister (Part one)
The Postman's Father
Age
If you slip you die
Lock
Call Me Birdy
I moved into my sister's apartment for college, and I saw her plans for harvesting organs.
I found a tape that I wasn’t supposed to listen to. [Update]
The Farmhouse on the Ice
I found a tape that I wasn't supposed to listen to. [Update]
My Grandparents home history behind their paintings from the 1800's was not what I hoped to hear ..
I Can’t Sleep
I really wish they'd just killed me
I Can’t Sleep
I'm working overnights at a vacant hotel and I don't think I'm really alone
Two-Faced
My Co-Worker has gone missing and I think my Boss has something to do with it
Perspective
𝚃𝚑𝚎 𝙳𝚛𝚎𝚊𝚖 {𝚙𝚊𝚛𝚝 𝚘𝚗𝚎}
11:11 actually works and it's sinister
My Grandparents home used to be a safe place for immigrants to hide during the War, that is until the owner of the land found out... And he still doesn't like intruders in his house.
I test adult toys and it's not as fun as you might think
I wake up in the middle of the night to a loud noise.
The Dog Sitter
We have been driving in a tunnel, I think it goes on forever
It's in the closet
Seven Deadly Sins: A Book of Childhood Morality Tales: Greed/Gluttony (Part 1)
Seven Deadly Sins: A Book of Childhood Morality Tales (Part 1: Greed/Gluttony)
The Hot Ghost
A story of my grandfather's past
We have been in driving in a tunnel, I think it goes on forever
If you look for him, you'll find him.
I went on a walk in the park with my dog, something stalked us
The Girl in White
Subject #27
Awesiaki: Chapter Fourteen - The Battle
Cheesy's World [Part 2]
I think I am going crazy living on my own part 2
UpdateMeBot here! New changes, plus I need your help!
I went to meet my new neighbors, but I realized they had no facial expressions
Carefull with the middle ways
I found my picture on the This Person does not Exist website.
I know why children play with matches - and it's NOT a game.
An Eternity With Them
Kilter’s Account of the Gruesome and Ghastly [Part 1]
Avenging my dog
Are there any animals in Oregon that sound like a human? (Pt. 2)
Careful Caliper
As I lay here...
If she was "there" then who was here?
[REAL] (03/07/2020) Yeah, 2 Years Through Hell
I am afraid of the dark at 37. Here’s the reason.
Why I Stopped Traveling the deep web
The Gray Goop
Hallowed Ground ~ Part VII (Finale)
They
Struggling with my friend's suicide... His 'suicide video' doesn't make sense to me, either
They said it’s all in my head.
I Can’t Count In My Head
The Last Confession
Based of a true story
Based of a true story
Based of a true story (not really) it just makes it scarier
Something happened 65 million years ago, and I need your help to stop it! PART 1/3
Silence
How real can dreams be?
River Flood (part 2)
Uncreate
I am a professional rule breaker : The Garden Hill Mimic.
The Hot Ghost
This Will Terrify You
Rent was due, and I didn't have enough to cover it. My post read..."Room for Rent. Great location. Cheap rent. DM if interested." I found a roommate and now I will never, under any circumstances, live with a roommate again. (part 4)
I stole a gift meant for the dead and gave it to my sister. Something came to claim it back.
Call me Birdy
My reflection is smiling at me (part 1)
The T-Shirt Shop
I had a guy follow me through the forest until I got to my house. Then he waited.
What’s going on
Unethical life pro tip: how to get home when you've missed the last train
Almost attacked by scorpions
Tales from Hawkins: A girl named Catherine [Part 2]
The Laughing Man in My Staircase
I'm in another dimension in which animals takes the humans' place, and humans take the animals' place.
I think my friends plotting something..
We never should have brought Sue back from the dead.
I’m worried for my best friends life, for the second time...
I was a Police Officer Investigating missing person in the woods and it was the worst case of my career [Final]
TRACE TESTING IS A SCAM TO FORCE YOU INTO FEMA DEATH CAMPS
Having lost his compass, the hiker trekked on aimlessly.
What I saw in my roommate’s room was...aj1bwcx12k
a restless night
Is there something on my shirt?
My tutor left me some rules while he attended some business out of town.
There was something very wrong with the foster kid my parents took in when I was 12 years old
My tutor left me some rules while he attended some business out of town.
My tutor left me some rules while he attended some business out of town.
DO NOT LOOK UP.
Eyes turn out scary in some pictures
The man in the civic
Everyone has secrets
Everyone has secrets
My tutor left me some rules while he attended some business out of town.
Wrote this in 10th grade coming off an acid trip
"Human detected"
I think I am going crazy living on my own PART 2
Tales from the North: episode 1- The wailing woman of Cusworth Hall
Those things in the sky.
I am a senior government advisor.
The Midnight Game
"What the hell was that?!"
Are there any animals in Oregon that sound like humans?
Followed by Shadows
Every summer, me and my best friends would swim in the village pool every day. When we were eleven, one of us was taken.
The Waiter
A regular family vacation.
My treehouse is the devils bin [part 2]
Whisper of Fear
There’s Someone In That Hole In The Ground [Part 2]
I still think about a girl from almost a couple decades ago.
Help.
How to pick up a woman.
There’s Someone In That Hole In The Ground [post 2, Experimentation]
I can teach you to pick up women! Just read this guide....
my treehouse is the devils bin (part 2)
The voice of the Forest
Work got weird fast pt1
I found a tape I wasn’t supposed to listen to. [Update]
RokwandiaRadio Pt.1: I think the bells keep it away.
I found a tape I wasn’t supposed to listen to. [Update 2]
Love is a hurtful game.
Who knew lighter fluid could burn so fast?(BASED ON TURE EVENTS)
You do not want to go back to work.
I KNOW WHAT YOU SAW
There are things all around us ... but we don't know it
nkn
The man in black Game (1 wish)
The human body is horrifying.
When the sun’s light changed
A letter from my uncle
My Nonno's convenience store sells something special beneath the counter
I passed the edge of existence. Part one: My Dream I Dreamed.
A car chased me through the desert. What it wanted is somwthing I'll never forget.
My son eats by himself.
Mother knows best
Don't ask for cheese on your salad at an Olive Garden
There are creatures all around us but we don't know it
If MTV was on netflix
I made a subreddit for creepypastas
The Puzzle
A campfire tale.
I escaped from a Skinwalker, I was lucky.
I think I am going crazy living on my own PART 2
"Whatever You Do, Don't Stare at The Genjutsu Monster."
I got a new pet parrot. But then I heard it speak, and now I'm afraid of what it might make me do. [Part 3]
"Whatever You Do, Don't Stare at The Genjutsu Monster."
I think I'm in Love. I'm actually, totally, completely, thoroughly, comprehensively, entirely, positively, categorically, in LOVE, and I don't care who knows it
The Hole
Awesiaki: Chapter Thirteen - Battle Prelude
um chile anyways so
um chile anyways so
There is an abandoned village far in the woods near my reserve, I can hear something whenever I walk close to it.
Inexcusable urge to lick doorknobs
Cheesy's World [Part 1]
I was awoken by my child late at night. The words he said made my blood run cold.
My friend is acting weird
Song about Nightmares
Transmission
Bailey's Here (Part 3)
Bailey's Here (Part 2)
Bailey's Here (Part 1)
Nostalgia
I am a new fire Watchman and things are getting weirder (Pt 2)
I was awoken by my child, late at night. The words he said made my blood run cold.
i am a former NASA astronaut and i know a lot more then i should. 2
I believe my mom had an encounter with a skin walker. Something sinister and evil.
The Burned Man.
Vampires aren't real.#2
1501
My Imaginary Friend Won't Stop Crying
The Night Shift
Best Horror Narrators?
He’s gone, and it’s time to move on
Grandma's 911 Calls: The Student
Shelly.
I called on death, and he answered.
This town has a secret and it's bound in flesh
I always wondered what was in the my grandparents basement why did nobody want me there? Why if the world upside down?
Dark shadowy figures lurk behind trees. But they’re not the only thing you should be afraid of.
The Room That Shouldn’t Be There. Part Two.It's Been Too Long
I think something took my wife, I don't know what it is-part 1
Toybox IV: Teeth
I found a metal box in the junkyard. Someone broke into my house last night.
I went to my best friends house and I regret it
I saw a demon when I was a little girl.
Today feels like a better day.
The Sweater
I found a tape I wasn't supposed to listen to.
Bear Island
I was hired as a receptionist, how the hell do you forget to add this in the job description?
The Urge: a fictional modern story series, PART 1
I took a job as a Fire lookout in the middle of the woods, I found a strange set of rules to follow - Part 3
The Urge: a fictional modern story, PART 1
The Cave
I had a terrible nightmare and realized my wife is gone, I don't know what to do.
The Cave
The Urge: a fictional modern series: PART 1
Always give offerings to your neighborhood creatures
The title is here and It spoke.to me so trust me when I say it is worth a good read because it would help me to express my opinions and maybe we can understand together but forgive my fragmentation okay?
The Urge: a fictional modern series: PART 1
The Girl and the Elevator
When the town smells like cinnamon, you know someone just died
Me and girlfriend stalked on our weekend getaway?
Me and my girlfriend stalked on our mini getaway?
I had sleep paralysis while someone broke into my home...
My Imaginary Friend Won't Stop Crying
Unmasked
Good Dog
The clover cloak gives its user luck, but inspires the worst in people. Even my own relatives turned against me.
My Imaginary Friend has Started to Cry All the Time
It really is happening again - part 2
Another night like the rest
I heard screaming last night and someone/something got into my room. I’m at my neighbours house now.
Forgotten Memories
Is there something on my shirt?
Always give offerings to your neighborhood creatures.
Eleven people were just murdered in Las Vegas, but you won't hear about it on the news. They were all ugly though, so...
The Satanic Church invited me to the "Mephistopheles Trial" - now I need your help to pass the admission test and get rich
I was a Police Officer Investigating a missing person in the woods and it was the worst case of my career [Part 3]
The Intruder
I'm attending a relative's wedding in the fall. Her venue choice seems... a bit odd. Here's the email I got from them.
I survived my hunting trip but something is still hunting me [Final]
I was a Police Officer investigating a missing person in the woods and it was the worst case of my career [Part 3]
My sister in law keeps posting pictures of her baby on the internet and it's freaking me out
Hebron Ohio
The final words of Doctor Mason
I took the leap into a better life.
Real Evil
My Family Bought a Spot at a Campsite on Lake Urjunc
A Little Story I Worte
Why I’ll never buy a Bath Bomb again
Small Cloud Bridge
The Dolls in Grandma's Attic
Inheritance
Individual #02 - The Killer of Antaridge
Individual #02 - The Killer of Antaridge
How Were You Told About The Passing Of A Friend?
I'm a USFS Ranger and I found a video camera in the woods... Indian curses, witchcraft, bigfoot, and other madness in the Shasta-Trinity National Forest
Are they just dreams or not?
The Singing Man Cries
Forgotten
Forgotten
What is in the Office
Silence
I got a mail and now I am against The Guardian and Its Army...(Part 1)
I hate shapeshifters...
By 1948, beheading by the guillotine was still the official form of capital punishment in France. I was an executioner. [Part 3]
I hate shapeshifters
The Burned Man.
I hate night terrors!
A Ghost Kid
does any one else close one eye when they read?
I am a professional rule breaker.
Why I Can't Go Back To The Boar's Head
The Satanic Church invited me to the "Mephistopheles Trial" - now I need your help to pass the admission test and get rich
The most terrifying moment of my life(And I've been shot at)
The School Experiment. I am trapped in my own school
My friend is acting weird
My friend is acting weird
My friend is being weird
I’m a drug dealer. Let me tell you what psychosis is like
I woke up in an abandoned hotel, and I don’t think I’m alone.
I woke up in abandoned hotel, and I don’t think I’m alone.
The woods belong to that monster
A Quick Encounter
He told me to....
The world ended last night, and I'm the only one who remembers
Last Night The World Ended and I am The Only One That Remembers.
I live in a Strange Southern Town (pt. 2)
RED DOOR YELLOW DOOR
Girlfriend troubles. Need help to not feel weak anymore.
Having lost his compass, the hiker trekked on aimlessly.
Last Night The World Ended and Nobody Remembers but me.
I found a tape that I wasn't supposed to listen to.
THE VOICES -repost-
Rent was due, and I didn't have enough to cover it... (part 3)
My treehouse is the Devil's Bin (The Final Part)
My Treehouse is the Devil's Bin (part 2)
My Treehouse is the Devil's BinPossible upcoming story
I am a professional rule breaker.
Leaves (Part 3)
My Journey Through The Haunting (Part 2)
Leaves (New Development)
My friend became a cryptid.
My Treehouse is the Devil's Bin
My Treehouse is the Devil's Bin
My name is Paul and I drive trucks for a living. Part 1.
My Journey Through The Haunting (Part 2)
A diary
I am a new fire Watchman and things are getting weirder (Pt 2)
My Journey Through The Haunting (Part 1)
Dancing Alone
I am a new fire Watchman and things are getting weirder (Pt 2)
Report of an abandoned fishing yacht found off the Hawaii coast (Part 1)
Typical Tuesday Night
I stopped myself from ending it all, out of spite to him
Devina Potter and the wizard that wanted me to cry.
Me [18] and GF [19] our questioning our sanity.
A car chased me through the desert. What it wanted is something I'll never forget.
The new girl
I Live in a Strange Southern Town (Pt. 2)
The funniest thing to me
Where is everybody?
I think I am going crazy living on my own.
The funniest thing to me
The Nightmare PT.1
The Singing Man Cries
The funniest thing to me
The funniest thing to me
I think I'm on the run from a cult.
An Eventful night at the Graveyard.#1
Every summer my neighbour built a new scarecrow.
Mirror Mirror
Tintypes (Part 2)
Puppy
Struggling with my friend's suicide... It doesn't make sense to me
There's a man in my closet and I don't know what to do
For whom the bell tolls
There's a man in my closet and I don't know what to do
We visited The Carnival in The Hills
There's a man in my closet and I don't know what to do
"Just Say No" Part One.
Something is happening to the women in my city...
I think I found my best friends kidnapper on tiktok (Part 3)
My uncle crawled in through the front door to my father, crying as he had been followed by something.
I've been covered in bugs for weeks. I finally figured out how to get them off...
My uncle crawled in through the front door to my father, crying as he had been followed by something.
THE VOICES
There's Something Odd About My Friend at Summer Camp [Part 2]
I, a Noppera-bō, killed my English teacher by mistake.
Crimson Garden
I decided to uncover my sister's secret . I wish I hadn't... (PART 5)
Garden of souls PART 1
Welcome to Fantasma: The Souls of the Brahan Seer (Part 4)
Don't buy a cheap VPN
Leningrad is Burning
As A Tattoo Artist, I Hate You
Took a night guard job, didn't realize I would have to fight for my life.
This is watch no read
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ
I’m a Freemason and I have some stories to tell you – To Catch a Spirit (part 7)
Seven creepy two sentence story’s
My imaginary friend used to hit me
I Just Moved into a New House - Something Isn't Right (Part Three)
I Hunt Skin-Walkers For a Living
Boy Secrets
Recalling a time in my family’s life that we all buried for some time.
Recalling a time in my family’s life that we all buried for some time.
I never thought winter could get worse, until I saw what's outside my cabin.
My great grandmother died and friends and family have seen things.
Wanna play a game
i worked for NASA and i know a lot more then i should.
Re: Acceptance is the hardest step. [Pt. 1]
No Name, No Number
Never order Domino's
Mr. Squiggles and Friend
I got a new pet parrot. But then I heard it speak, and now I'm afraid of what it might make me do. [Part 2]
The Trailer
The House
why using my phone helps me to sleep?
My Hometown Had Rules: Recovery
The value of the human soul
I found a hole and scratches in my wall
I wear a mask while doing my job. It gives me insight into the lives of people.
I work at Faewood National High School and they have a set of rules staff have to follow.
Things we remember Pt.1
Instagram chain mails are not always a joke
You wouldn't believe me if I told you the truth
Hello. My code name is Creatorda Guardian.
Instagram chain-mails are not always a joke
It was late in April...
Eleven people were just murdered in Las Vegas, but you won't read about it on the news. Death isn't guaranteed.
I went on a hunting trip and I’ve seen what’s hunting me. I wish I hadn’t. [Part 3]
The Haunted Painting From The Bahamas
I was a Police Officer Investigating a missing person and it was the worst case of my career [Part 2]
Every night I die, and every morning I wake up to try the day again
I got a letter from the Satanic Church inviting me to the "Mephistopheles Trial" – now I need your help to pass the admission test and get rich
Over and OutConfessions from the box part two
I think it might be happening again - part 1
I'm not safe here - part 1
Individual #01 - The Fallen Angel
Together
I am a new fire Watchman and some things are strange
Hydraulic
Individual #01 - The Fallen Angel
I am a new Fire watchmen (Things are weird)
A Warning for Those to Come
Bunyip
Old Enemies
The Screaming man
I am a new Fire watchmen
My (Sleep paralysis) experience.
Made a short film based on a story from this subreddit!
Mr. Whispers
I'm a criminal profiler and this is the end of my stay at Fever Cabin
A killer chased me near an abandoned park
'the meaning of life'
I Can't Run Forever
This happend to me when I was 12
The Screaming Woods
I decided to uncover my sister's secret . I wish I hadn't... (PART 5)
Second subreddit I’ve posted this to, I need help, I feel unsafe and this thing is messing with me
Dr.Warly, where are you?!
Stay away from abandoned construction sites in the woods
WASHINGTON CAROUSEL / The Most Inexplicable UFO Case [Top Secret]
I’m renovating an 18th century house with my boyfriend during lockdown. We sleep with the lights on now.
Window face [true story]
Burning hunger
My Name is Rose, and I think I may be a....Serial Killer?
Lucky Fate
I Think My Friend Is Also My FBI Agent, Please Help [Part 1]
My Visit at Grandma's place.
They Also Feed On Moonlight (draft)
Recent nightmare I've had thats been terrifying me whenever It creeps back into my mind.
Don’t trust it, trusting it is the worst mistake you could ever make
Why do gay people do this
Don’t trust it.
Stories for Youtube :)
Don’t trust it.
Mom Came Home, Dad Didn't
Don’t trust it.
The Disappearance Of All My Uncle's 6 Wives Are Finally Answered
Every Night I Hear it Coming Up the Stairs
XxBLUE_KITTENSxX's Horror story
I saw a ufo that flew over our house
Can falling asleep to sleep noises trigger sleep paralysis. ADVICE PLEASE!!!
I received a strange journal and I need help investigating the contents (Part One)
I'm bad at titles: This is a story about the weird stuff that happened in my old house
Wanna play a game
I've seen Siren Head and now I'm in grave danger!?!?
Not a story.
My Girlfriend, The Cannibal
The Desert pt 2
My name is Alex. I wrote a short horror story about the Wineville Chicken Coop Murder House. Please enjoy.
Hey there. Wrote a short story about a haunting at the Wineville Chicken Coop Murder House. Please enjoy.
Dried Blood (pt.1)
Dried Blood (pt.1)
I think I just found a plane crash that never happened.
Dried blood (pt. 1)
I stayed on a creepy hotel and it have dome weird rules part 2
The Grassland
So i brought Clay, and everyday i wake up there is a new Clay sculpture on my desk.
I See A Boy Whenever Somebody Dies- The Third and Final Encounters
I Met a Girl From the Internet
The Hunt
He was in my room
My Recent Art Commission...and the Demon Attached to it.
I recently brought Clay for me to make sculptures, but every time i wake up i see a new sculpture on my desk.
Two Knives
Rent was due, and I didn't have enough to cover it. My post read..."Room for Rent. Great location. Cheap rent. DM if interested." I found a roommate and now I will never, under any circumstances, live with a roommate again. (part 2)
Can men get postpartum psychosis
Grasp
Oh this is very spooky bruh
I'm A Nice Girl.
Lost in woods
How to Survive Camping: Rule #2 - in which I ruin food for you
My Experience with the Ghost Living in My Home
The Trailer
Steadfast in the Forest of Night
Jolly Hoyt
A good story to tell: How to sell your soul to the devil
A Video Rental Store Just Opened On My Block- Part Two
There was something wrong about the photos I showed my dying mother
A good story to tell: How to sell your soul to the devil
Steadfast in the Forest of the Night
My Room
A Voice From Below (Part 2) (Final)
Fresh from Pinnegogh, California
Fresh from Pinnegogh, California
I Will Listen
My Worst Fear.. I’ll Never Forget #1
THE LOCK DOWN WAS ABOUT LOCKING DOWN THE ECONOMY
The Monster
I Work at a Casino: My First Gamble and the Degloving Box
I'm a journalist. I think my job cost me my life.
There were loud noises over the intercom speaker,Now there’s extinct creatures in my town Part 2
By 1948, beheading by the guillotine was still the official form of capital punishment in France. I was an executioner. [Part 2]The Hole
It dwell's on Mount Misery - The story of my farm and it's dark past
I took a job as a Fire lookout in the middle of the woods, I found a strange set of rules to follow - Part 2
My stepmother trapped me inside a music box when I was 9. For the first time in over 20 years, I’ve found a way to make contact with the outside world.
It dwells on Mount Misery - The story of my farm and it's dark secrets
The Mirror Collection
Quarantine Haircuts
The Truth’s behind all the bullshit in Industrial Society THE GOOD GUYS WON
The Hike
Beware the blanks! Avoid the shadowlands!
Rest Room
The God of the Playground Part 2
I was the star of Dr. Warly’s adventure club: A children's show that doesn't exist [Final]
The woman was hanging from the ceiling fan
I worked at what i thought was a kindergarten
Published a Horror Novella on Amazon
Why I've stopped doing heroin
My Worst Fear.. I’ll Never Forget
Cleansed
Meaning of life
Frostbite
Dead mom
Suggestions for best reads?
Woods (Part 2)
Painless quick suicide
This is a real creature encounter
Post 2
Praise the Box!
The demon under the bridge
We don't want to go back down there
The Vacation
My Old Elementary School Classroom.
I don’t think we’re the only ones here
The Things that Happen at Sea
My terrifying incounter
I'm in direct need of help, so i decided to reach out.
Folie à Deux
Post 2
They Remember
I'm in direct need of help, so i decided to reach out
...
Indecible Infernio: The Note
The face of death
The story of Sarah. (Part 1)
12/12 - December 1st
Eleven people were just murdered in Las Vegas, but you won’t hear about it in the news. I sent them my daughter instead.
I Can't Stop Watching
The Corridors
I went on a hunting trip but I think we're the ones being hunted [Part 2]
Hell on Earth (Part 1)
My writing machine writes messages on he’s own .languages have more power than we thought
My writing machine writes messages on he’s own .languages have more power than we thought
My writing machine writes messages on he’s own .languages have more power than we thought
I was a Police officer Investigating a missing person and it was the worst case of my career [Part 1]
We Let Them Out (Part 1)
Step one: fortify. Step two: slaughter.
Our Roaring Love
The Screams Won't Stop
My Little Fish Part II
My Little Fish
We Let Them Out (P 1)
Steven had a unique way of passing on his genes
My Little Fish Part II
My Little Fish
The gulper.
I got a new pet parrot. But then I heard it speak, and now I'm afraid of what it might make me do.
Bunyip
A Strange Death Recorded by Cameras
Movie night
please , please help me.
There’s Something Living Under the City
What lurks in the mist.
A Strange Death Recorded by the Camera
What lurks in the mist. (first story don't be harsh)
They Wait in the Mountains.
I was an intern on a late-night Japanese game show in the late '90s
Confessions from the box
Im going Mad in the Mirror.
Life in the apocolypse
Something was messing with my lights at 4 in the morning
Don't Go Uphill To The Blackwoods
If the sky goes dark in the middle of the day, hide! (Final)
Frostbite of the Badlands
I Want You To Follow Me, But Please Ignore What's Around You
Loss
I Want You To Follow Me, But Please Ignore What's Around You [One-Off]
They followed me home and now my family Is gone!! Part 1
I’m a demon and my job is to help human beings
The Wailing
The demon under the bridge
Home Invasion In Brent County [Part 1]
Home Invasion In Brent County [Horror Of Brent County Part One]
One of many nightmares
I had a dream again.
The Screaming Shadow (part 1)
I found a metal box in the junkyard. My friend isn't the only one who's gone missing.
Every 27 days, I get a little closer to revenge.
Cold Drop Of Blood
Jdjd
The dogs are madI Love People Who Make Me Laugh
Genuinly spooked
It's Always Watching teaser
Hi
so this is just an idea i have and i want to know what you all thing about it first
I'm a US Forest Ranger and I found a video camera abandoned in the wilderness... have you heard of the massacre at the Anima Mundi Collective?
I'm a US Forest Ranger and I found a video camera abandoned in the wilderness... have you heard of the massacre at the Anima Mundi Collective?
Ive been walking down the same street for hours
The Editors
My life was strange since i moved here
The Editors
"'ERROR'"-"'script'"-"'unkwon'"
I moved to a town with a secret ritual, now they are after me.
My Friend's Dark Secret
Fractured Lens
Fractured Lens
Listen to the Dogs
The Ballerinas.
Keep trying!!
Buried Alive
I'm the police diver for Lake Murdock. I finally figured out what happened in 1956. [Final]
I saw the hat man while awake
Hell on Earth (Part 1)
Our Roaring Love
I saw the hat man while awake
Quick, before I start.
I found my picture on the this person does not exist website
She Wants Me Dead
I saw the hat man while awake
Bad dreams lately
Devon's Guest
Life Taken, Life Given ; Act 1 : The Ballad of The Politician of Pain
My grandpa and his friends hunted down a werewolf in the 1960's.
Cancellation
Voices in the night
Heavy Metal Was My Life (Part 3)
I kill people for entertainment. But it isn't what you think. (part 1)
I met a genie | Part 1
That time I went camping
Heavy Metal Was My Life (Part 3)
The past sometimes comeback, sometimes it stays to hunt in a different shape
When I was little, I stumbled upon what was said to be a forest where monsters lived
What I Found In The Woods Behind The Art Museum
I work for the Mob doing the jobs no one else will. This is why I stay away from abattoirs.
The Room That Shouldn’t Be There. Part One.
There are strange noises in the Bering Sea
The Red Paint
Rent was due, and I didn't have enough to cover it. My post read..."Room for rent. Great location. Cheap rent. DM if interested." I found a roommate, and now I will never, under any circumstances, live with a roommate again. (part 1)
Rent was due, and I didn't have enough to cover it. My post read..."Room for rent. Great location. Cheap rent. DM if interested." I found a roommate, and now I will never, under any circumstances, live with a roommate again. (part 1 of 2)
I Was Reckless To Impress Her... Now She Won't Talk To Me.
Best "friends
Best "friends"
Tales From A Bored High-School Student - Entry Four (Part One) - Old Friends, New Enemies
The red eyes out the window
I started my new job last night, the clients are super creepy
Tales From A Bored High-School Student - Entry Four (Part 1/?) - Old Friends, New Enemies
My Haunted Apartment
A Voice From Below (Part2) (Final)
My professor went searching for a mysterious mine shaft. I don't think "he" came back.
Listen to the Dogs
My Haunted Apartment (true story, I swear)
A Voice From Below (Part 1)
My father become something from a nightmare
I'm Going To Die
My uncle left me a house. It has it's flaws, but I want to transform it into my dream home. Any advice? [1]
my personal scary story
My dad was accused of several murders that he didn't commit, but I don't think anyone will believe me if I tell them who really did it
The images I see
I found out my wife's secret and I confronted her today
The Feeling of Fear and the Unknown
The Curse Of Who I Am.
Hundreds of Cultures Across the Globe Still Believe That Cameras Can Steal Your Soul
They Like The Taste Of Us
The only thing he'd ever heard, and it was sirens
Silver bullet
I’m not crazy
I was the star of Dr. Warly’s adventure club: A children's show that doesn't exist [Part 4]
The Lever
Two Short Stories
I Work at a Casino Where People Bet Their Bodies and Souls in Hopes of Riches and Power.
I have heard something unspoken
The voices at night.
My Walking In My Sleep
ME AND MY FRIENDS FOUND SOMETHING WEIRD IN AN ABANDONED HOUSE
This is a true story!
The Earth is Gone
I found a box in my mother's room, and of course, I opened it.
ME AND MY FRIENDS FOUND SOMETHING IN AN ABANDONED HOUSE.
Jbbblknnmm
My wife asked me to do the impossible, and I'm afraid it might just be the end of us. [Final]
I'm the reason this house is haunted.
ME AND MY FRIEND FOUND SOMETHING WEIRD
The Camera in the Attic
Why can we see ghosts but not God?
You'd be surprised by how some things look like coyotes in the dark
I Think We’re A Family of Witches
Their Souls Speak Through Fire
The Gnome
The Murderella
Alone In My Possibly Haunted HouseI took a job as a Fire lookout in the middle of the woods, I found a strange set of rules to follow – The first night.
Carefully as they go
The Army did something to me
my personal scary story
Home
I lost my parents at an early age, and I finally found out the truth.
Silver Bullet
Stories from a line cook, chapter 2 finale
I think I found my best friends kidnapper on tiktok (Part 2)
I took a job as a Fire lookout in the middle of the woods, I found a strange set of rules to follow – The first night.
The Other World
My friend asked me to transcribe his sleep patterns
I went on a hunting trip but the forest is talking to me [Part 1]
The Other World
Eleven people were just murdered in Las Vegas, but you won’t hear about it in the news. I probably could’ve stopped the whole thing if I’d just finished making my bed in time.
Dead candles
I heard my dead body talk
By 1948, beheading by the guillotine was still the official form of capital punishment in France. I was an executioner.
The Thing in Saunders Asylum
Woods (Part 1)
There's Something Wrong With The Other People On My Bus [Part 4]
Please, Stay Sad
Beyond (part 1)
I found a video of my wife on a porn site, but what I saw was even worse
I decided to uncover my sister's secret...I wish I hadn't (PART 4)
I got in trouble for a comic I don't remember drawing
Dont accept the suspicious friend request.
Some Short Stories I have heard from my friends
Give me your Minecraft account Please
I have $1.5mil to spend on a suicide method. Please help me die.
2019 Winners Recap!
I'm hunting species on the brink of extinction to save my friend. They only appear for brief periods every night.
A Strange Story in a Mountain
Rodney liked to paint
I have $1,500,000 to spend on my suicide. Please help me die.
The Doctor and the Boy
The Siren Head
The Flower That Grew Through The Keys
Flower that grew between the keys
Has anyone heard of The Purgatory Game? Final part.
What's something that can instantly put a smile on your face ?
I'm a dreamwalker, and this is what that means.
When I was 15, I ran away, and something chased me PART 2
When I was 15, I ran away, and something chased me PART 2 [re-posted]
I have insomnia
The girl on top
My terminally ill grandfather spoke of some men coming to visit him whom only he could see......
I got arrested for extracting personal amounts of DMT, and my life is over.
My Ghost story.
I stayed on a creepy hotel and it have some weird rules part 2
This figure is giving me sleep problems.
Sleeping issues. I hope this post will be seen. Usually the figure takes things away.
I stayed on a creepy hotel and it have some weird rules part 1
Sunday, 12th April 2020. 1 PM
I clicked on an email link inviting me to compete on an exclusive reality show, and I wish I hadn't
Was it a ghost...or something else?
The Desert Pt 2
Sunday, April 12th, 2020. 1 PM
Stuck inside nightmares? What's going on?
I was an investment banker on Wall Street making millions. Now I'm a shell of a man, reliving the same horror for the last 10 years.
2044 - Infinite Blue
Anyone knows a real sub for people that don't sleep? I'll delete this post after
I stayed on a creepy hotel and it have some weird rules part 2 (FINAL)
Can someone tell me (F22) what's going on and why? Trapped in nightmares...
The Black Blobs Part 4
I Interviewed my Favorite Horror Writer about his most Controversial Story. What he said completely shocked me.(Part 2)
Delta squad went MIA in the forset our squad is next.
I'm addicted to visiting other dimensions - part three - final
The Diary of Prisoner #7589
I'm the police diver for Lake Murdock. I buried a friend last night. [5]
The Diary of Prisoner #7589
Things That Hide
Things that Hide teaser
i stole aSCP document
I think I have a Guardian
Terrible nightmare
My Dead Son Has Been Brought Back—At The Expense Of My Wife
Woods (Part 1)
Do you all accept dreams? This was mine one year ago.
I found out what happens when we die. I know because I'm dead myself.
I said GODDAMN! This new drug is good... but what the FUCK are these Lizard-People, and what do they want from me?
JESUS-FUCK! This new drug is GOOD... but what are these GODDAMN Lizard-People?
How my life changed when I found a friend in storage unit 7-21 PART 5 Finale
How my life changed when I found a friend in the deserted storage unit 7-21 (Final Part - 5)
there’s a man and a little girl in my house. i’m the only one that can see them. part 2
I don’t know if I was meant to survive that accident
Just transcribing old PD files found this weird case
Kindled - How my life changed when I bought the deserted storage unit 7-21 [Grand Finale 6k post] [Part 5]
there’s a man and a little girl in my house. i’m the only one that can see them. (part 2)
I’ve seen things teleport, have had things temporarily non exist and i think I swapped dementions what’s going on
I work for the newspaper in a small town. I'm reporting on a time capsule, what I found inside is horrifying. Pt 3: update, 1989, 2001
The girl of my dreams
I’m not sure if I was supposed to die that accident
Help Me.
Heavy Metal Was My Life (Part 2)
The Thing in Saunders Asylum
He's a monster (Part 3)
I bought a chair on Craigslist, but I think I brought something horrible home with it.
What On Earth Is Going On
My friends grandpa appeared in my friends roomNight shift (fiction)-
The Old Dirt Road
Somebody stole our family camera, what should I do?
Sky Turtle Tours ch4
I wanna start writing creepypastas, here is a concept. Please I'd like to hear your thoughts.
Stain
Ghosts are real, and I've caught it on video.
My dads and grandpas journals
Don't ever use a sleep talking app if you have sleep paralysis
I found a metal box in the junkyard. I think they took my friend who ran the place.
Don't Insult Your Reflection
My dad and grandpas journals
The tooth fairy isn't as she seems
Don't EVER use a sleep talking app with sleep paralysis
The man in my dreams isn't just in my dreams
New Position! Personal Assistant Wanted.
I've sworn to never dye my hair again.
The One Popular In My School Has Scary Secrets, And She Will do Anything to keep them secret
Mother's day gift voucher.Get a $100 Walmart Gift Card!
Shredded.
Elon Musk addresses SpaceX's funding meeting on 31st December, 2020
I torture People for the Russian Mafia; You May be Next
When I was 15, I ran away, and something chased me PART 2
I’m a therapist and I think I’m in danger.
What if the Coronavirus was developed by the Murder Hornets in a strategy to invade the Americas
“Why..”
H.A.T.C
The Blackwater Hospital Chronicles – The Beginning
There’s Something in My Pool...
Tuesday's Gone
The witch was standing in the corner of the room and was counting something.
The witch(chudail) was standing in the corner of the room and was counting something.
Title - The Cycle - (So, my punctuation might not be good and this is also my first post and this is just a story.) Enjoy!
طريقة عمل زنود الست بالقشطة
I took a well-paying job as a nightguard, I received a strange set of rules. Part 2
The College Cameo
Toybox III: The Dragon, The Witch, and The Broken
A Call For Help
The Hole in The Wall, Part II
My wife disapeared, i think something have taken her - prologue
So, this is my first ever post and you might not like it, but I just wrote it down, so yeah. Also my punctuation isn't good, just for a warning
I Heard Someone Scream from The Bottom of a Well
It was in the closet at first
A Call For Help
there’s a man and the little girl living in my house. I’m the only one who seems them.
I live in a near perfect world
My Grandmother's experience with The Suffering Part 3
Fear
My father gave me a bloody paper. Make what you will of it.
A moment of silence.
I was the star of Dr. Warly’s adventure club: A children's show that doesn't exist [Part 3]
I kill werewolves for the government
I found a metal box in the junkyard. I think they took my friend who managed it.
Between the Boxes - Writing On The Wall
The story of how I'm actually a shit fly in another matrix
How Covering a Gas Station Shift Led Me to a Monster - And the Guy who Killed it
Weird live video randomly appeared on my tv at 12:30am
My regular customer only wants one thing
My Grandmother's Experience With The Suffering Part 3
The red rose.
I’ve been falling and it won’t stop
The Trailer
My Home might be haunted: 1st night of strange things
I encountered the devil and lived to say this. Based on a true story.
You can try to run, but you can’t escape it
I know who murdered my best friend 3 years ago
I didn’t mean for it to happen
He was here (Stranger Things based series)
I know who murdered my best friend 3 years ago (PART 1)
How to hire a Hit-man
I Really Need Some Help
Nicki Minaj Called Me (Part 2)
dear diary
The Voovoos
The Voovoos
The Room
I tried to create a perfect human. Unfortunately, I succeeded
EA
I'm a criminal profiler and my wife's letter has me questioning the entire Machete-Killer case
The Russian Punisher
Remember Only The Checkered Clown
Never look at the mirror at night...
The Shadow
My stalker is in my house pt.2
NEVER LOOK AT THE MIRROR AT NIGHT. . .
Today, there will be a post stating I gave an interview to NoSleep. Don't click it.
Am I the only one seeing those figures, now the streets are empty?
NoSleep interview featuring tjaylea!
Wo-mask: chapter 1.
Eleven people were just murdered in Las Vegas, but you won't read about it on the news. Every Family is a Machine, and every Machine breaks down sometime.
I'm the Night Guard at a Local Mental Institution; Can Someone Please Make the Voices Stop?
I was a beta tester for the upcoming Flight Simulator 2020 and I found something horrifying in the game
A moment of silence.
Stayed on a creepy hotel and it had some weird rules
My Diabolical Self • Part 17: The Stalker
(True Story)Had sleep paralysis for the first time. Saw a hallucination trying to light my room on fire.
Out on the porch, one hot summer night
Hey guys is any of this part of the pregnancy process?
Its 4 in the morning and someone keeps knocking on my door
Indlu yokhokhoChai
Thank you for replying to my post, you saved my life
My Grandfather is a Veteran of a War That Hasn't Happened — Yet... (Pt. 2)
A teaser for the insomniac
My sleep paralysis isn’t sleep paralysis
I See A Boy Whenever Somebody Dies- The Second Encounter
My sleep paralysis isn’t sleep paralysis
U/nonexistent
How do I get rid of fruit flies?
CHILDREN OF GOD PT1
I found this strange Reddit community, does any one know about it... And if what it says is true then something terrible is coming my way
My true story that I have never told
night 1
I am a coroner and this is by far my worst case.
I want to end it
I'm Being Stalked by Creatures That Aren't Human
I heard my dead body talk
I See A Boy Whenever Somebody Dies- The Second Encounter
Eldritch Abyss
Something watches me through my bedroom window
Sometimes I dreamt about my future and now I wish I never did
I was playing hide and seek with friends during a school auction, but the seeker found his demise
Earthquake
I See A Boy Whenever Somebody Dies- The Second Encounter
I must find the Mass
The New Sex Simulator I Bought Is A Little Too...Realistic. Pt. 1/2
I See A Boy Whenever Somebody Dies- The Second Encounter
Be glad you're not a mind reader
I must find the Mass
If anyone tells you cursed items are cool, they are lying.
I'm the police diver for Lake Murdock. I went looking for Wrong Place Wrong Time Rhonda but found much more. [4]
Predestinizers
stalker on my discord
Death Eternal
"There's bodies in the snow"
I Stayed With My Aunt I'd Never Met Before, And Now I Know What She Was Trying To Do To Me
[Series] The 9 legends of Rance's Avenue: 2 - The Pied Piper
Only half of this is true
I'll make him come to his senses
I Stayed With My Aunt I'd Never Met. I Know Now What She Was Trying To Do To Me (final part)
I needed a new roommate in a hurry, so I posted about it on Facebook. (Part 1)
Why I'm afraid of the dark.
My wife's secret.
My mother works at a hospital that was abandoned twenty years ago Part 8 (FINAL)
Corona-Zombies!
I Stayed With My Aunt Who I'd Never Met Before. I Know Now What She Was Trying To Do To Me. [FINAL PART]
The Mysterious life of a cryptid hunter part 3
Heavy Metal Was My Life (Part 1)
Mr. Nobody
It lurks in the alleyway (Part 1)
Read this, your afterlife depends on it.
A dream of my death saved my friend's lives
The Hole in The Wall, Part II
The Hole in The Wall, Part III (Finale)
It stands 12 feet tall
Shredded
The death bet
Being an errand boy for a ghoul in my basement was an easy job. Then he asked me to do the unthinkable.
Shredded
Enummi
Daddy's Little Girls
Horor STORY in the Salt-lake city
Weird, Scary people
Lonely Sasquatch ISO Love
the rotten boy
Stories from Anchorim
ELEVATOR
Aliens came to Earth yesterday, but none of you remember
I started talking to the dead
The Hole in The Wall, part II
A Hitchhikers Tale
And When I Die, I'll Spread My Roots
The experimental treatment I’m receiving isn’t working. In fact, I think it’s going to kill me.
Amusement Park (Part 1)
I'm Going To Die
A Tiger Ate My Husband
The Big Red Challenge
Don't Listen to the Wolves
I can’t sleep at night, ever again.
I can’t sleep at night, ever again
I was the star of Dr. Warly’s adventure club: A children's show that doesn't exist [Part 2]
I found a metal box in the junkyard. I think I'm being followed now.
White Walls -- trapped inside with nowhere to go, the voices start to call out to me
We Should Not Have Played God [part 1]
I Mistook a flare for a firework.
We never should have played God [part 1]
The Hole in The Wall
The Elevator
I’m a Freemason and I have some stories to tell you – Meeting a Prince of Hell (part 6)
Painting with you.
I woke up after a deep slumber. I checked the time. It had been 7 days. There were three heads of strangers placed on my mantle above the fireplace. There was no one around. Then I heard a scream from the basement.
As a 911 operator, this call terrified me
My childhood friend was a dead man from the chimney
Mr. Wiggleman
I think I found my best friends kidnapper on tiktok (Part 1)
Kat's new toy
Has anyone heard of The Purgatory Game? Part 5.
I pretended to be insane to avoid being conscripted into the Russian Army. After spending two weeks in the asylum, I'm sure I'd be better off in the Army
My childhood friend was a dead man from the chimney
I think I found my best friend’s kidnapper on tiktokA Hitchhikers Tale
No people were harmed in the making of this film. [FINAL]
My childhood friend was a dead man from the chimney (true)
I found a journal in the Siberian wilderness... Now i wish i hadn't.
Cuck
The strange man with big hands
Ikana Valleys message
Stories from my Grandparents House by
Best Single-Part Story of 2019 Winners!
Hall Pass
How My Mother Lost Face During the Homeless Crisis and How I Kept From Losing Mine
Did anyone ever use realpeoplegames.com?
My friends went missing when I was six. UPDATE
The ghost of the serial killer got him
My first vampire
Ian Murdoch and the case of Graham Ellington
I know why you're here.
I think my incestuous brother is the ‘animal' killing people on campus, and only I can stop him.
I know why you're here.
I know why you're here.
I know why you're here.
By dog is scared of deodorant
What Happened to Rooky Dhunlop? Apotheosis of Dead Time... Tape-1
The Carnival in The Hills
I know why you're here.
Weird Reddit homepage, any help?
I see strange things.
The damned wooden cupboard
Sometimes I dream about my future
My encounter with a woman in a surgical mask.
The man with 3 eyes prt 1
What's up with Reddit homepage?
The Life if a Sleepwalker
The life of a Sleepwalker
I woke up, and now I hear sirens.
Nicki Minaj Called Me (Part 1)
I woke up in a pool of my own blood
I woke up and now I hear sirens.
I woke up and I hear sirens.
AirDrop
I Moved To a New Community, and The Rules Are Strange Part 2
I Moved To a New Community, and The Rules Are Strange Part 2
Death by dream
I think I found my best friend’s kidnapper on TikTok (Part 1)
I met something in the forest. It won't stop following me | nosleep
This Whole Pandemic Is A Lie
Nicki Minaj Called Me (1/3)
Death by Dream
I think I spoke to a spirit
Cuck
I accidentally drove something to my home
The most painful thing is to see a father mourning his child
A Hitchhikers Tale
The Grand Masquerade
Daddy showed me something weird at the slaughterhouse.
Remember me
Need to name my baby
I'm addicted to visiting other dimensions - part two
What the hell is wrong with me
Kid gets bullied back to life
Liar Liar, pants on fire
My wife asked me to do the impossible, and I'm afraid it might just be the end of us. [Part 2]
Foot steps (is a really short story from something that I plan to work on in the future)
A Hitchhikers Tale
My brother went missing in the woods behind my house, and it has crushed my soul.
Nothing
Don't turn on the lights
Cancellation
My Pug kept barking at the basement door. I now know why.
I have a recurring nightmare. I hope that's all it is.
Cordero (part 2)
Reality Check
My building has tales to tell (Part 1)
My building has tales to tell (part 1)
Cordero (part 1)
What is real?
Cordero [part 1 of 2]
Cordero (part 1 of 2)
All my life a choir has sang at my most important moments. Now, I know i'm not the only one.
I would finally like to talk about something that destroyed my life.
Silence of the Woods
I need to confide in and testify
Seeing dead family members is bad. Hearing them is worse.
Hangman
Hangman
My sister lost her face when we were kids.
Gas Station Meat
The Burnt Face Boy
I told my friend not to drink the blood from a beast's head. He didn't listen and scarred us all.
I am an Old Woman Now. I Still Can't Forget What Happened Years Ago
Stories from my Grandparents House by
A Sorcerer's last notes
Memories from my Grandparents House by
I diecided to investigate my sister's secret. I wish I hadn't... (PART3)
My family has been keeping this Book from me for years, I now know why [PART 2]
The happiest place on earth is dying - Part 3
My future father-in-law is a walking corpse
I’ve been paralyzed for five years… This morning I woke up with feeling in my legs again. [PART 2]
Hallowed Ground ~ Part VI
The Van (part 1)THE WALL.
My gun is speaking to me
I’m never hunting in those woods again
ol' green eyes
My childhood By the Railway.
Why I am wary of taking road trips at night.
I’m never hunting in those woods again (repost)
i can not sleep
Bulimia Nervosa
Home alone... (Part 1,2 and 3)
Why I am wary of taking road trips at night.
My Reoccurring nightmare
My grandfather told me something shocking on his deathbed
Memoirs From a Nursing Home
My Reoccurring nightmare
The Van (part 1)
Memoirs From a Nursing Home
My Reoccurring nightmare has gone on 4yrs
What exactly is 'it'?
I never should have painted on top of that hill... (Part 2)
The van (#1)
I'm a florist, but my phone number is one digit off from the local priest's. The calls I get are stranger than you think.
(2) I work at a grocery store.
There is a red door on my basement something else lives on my town 4
If you can read this, please reply to this post
Men In Suits Were Following My Brother Before He Died. Now I See Them, Pictures Included
The cracking man
Toybox II: A Very Special Toy
Fear//Sum
The Elevator . . . except they weren't really teeth. They were more like needles made from glass.
I'm on a motorcycle riding through Nevada... I think I'm the only one left
The Choice
It Just Rains
I think I'm stationed on a submarine that has a demon attached to it.
My mom is a demon part 1
Goodnight, Alexa
But strange things appeared in my house after the pandemic began.
The Van (#1)
Broken boyfriend
I was the star of Dr. Warly’s adventure club: A children's show that doesn't exist.
I'm Stuck In A Time Loop On A Boat With A Psychopath (Part 2)
I work for NASA and we've ended life on Mars (FINAL)
Ever since the black vans showed up, my neighbors have been viciously fighting
SIX Deaths, SIX Funerals, SIX Lives
Seven Branches Library: The Closet
T'was the Night of Halloween
My friends went missing when I was 6. Update.
The Spider and the Radio
The Smiling Man
Bad advice
My friends went missing when I was six. UPDATE
I'm still trapped in the house!
I Bought A Used TV That Can Show Me The Future. Something Bad Happens In A Week.
I Saw More Than Demons
Best Series of 2019 Winners!
The Disappearing Island.
Crabs in the Walls
Stephen Manor
I tried a new drug called Sobek... Now the goddamn REPTILES are after me!
My darkweb Experience
Three True Stories
Shower 5
Three true masturbation stories
I’ve been stuck in an amusement park for 8 years: part 3
I’ve been stuck in an amusement park for 8 years: part 3
I’ve been stuck in an amusement park for 8 years: part 3
Making a Living w/ Your Passion: The Things I Didn't Learn In Art School
I’ve been stuck in an amusement park for 8 years:part 3
Ghost of a Girl
I am the worst at picking vacation spots (part 1)
Something was looking at me through my keyhole.
The apple doesn’t fall far from the tree
Someone eye was watching me
Vice
I See A Boy Whenever Somebody Dies
When I was 15, I ran away, and something chased me
Lurking in shadows
My mother works at a hospital that was abandoned twenty years ago Part 7
I woke up surrounded by vipers.
He knows something.
Bluebirds
My friends went missing when I was six. Now I’m trying to figure out why
He knows something.
the flash
My name is Sam. My hand got eaten by a Sentient Pile of Bugs. The rest of me isn't far behind. Pt. 3
Just another day in quarantine
I saw something that changed me
The Power Ranger Kid
I Moved To a New Community, and The Rules Are Strange Part 2
Something strange happened to me as a kid. I think it scarred me for life. Part 1
The Dollhouse, Part I
My childhood nightmare turned out to be real. This time it played out a lot differently. I confronted it, and wish I didn't.
Disembodied Sirens (VERY SHORT)
I'm a former 911 operator, and this call terrified me
The "Art Room"
We just moved into a new house, And the former owners gave us a estrange set of rules ( Part 2)
I wished I had a bottle of wine
100 Afterlives
"Hey, we should check the basement" is never a phrase I want to hear again.
price of protection.It was 3:02 am when I woke up...
THE CULLING OF THE LIZARD-PEOPLE
Never go into the devil’s house
I found the tape that uncle jack didnt show me.
I can't fall asleep
Never go to the Devil’s House (part 1??)
My daughter Vanessa
Ghost Between the Trees
Someone threw a pig head down my chimney
I did something bad I know I should regret it but I don't.
The Parkour Phenomenon
I'm sorry. I hope I don't go to hell.
Heroes
I’ve been paralyzed for five years… This morning I woke up with feeling in my legs again. [PART 2]
I’ve been paralyzed for five years… This morning I woke up with feeling in my legs again. [PART 2]
Liar, liar, pants on fire.
Something kept me awake for several nights
I’ve been paralyzed for five years… This morning I woke up with feeling in my legs again. [PART 2]
The Boss (Part 1)
The Boss (Part 1)
The drowning man
My cat ate a spider
I Was Contacted By a Green Face with Horns
I Had a Really Weird Night
I Had a Really Weird Night
Something kept me awake for several nights
I've been kept awake by "something" for several nights.
I've been kept awake by "something" for several nights.
I've been kept awake by "something" for several nights.
I've been kept awake by "something" for several nights.
I've been kept awake by "something" for several nights.
I've been kept awake by "something" for several nights.
The drowning man
I've been kept awake by "something" for several nights.
I've been kept awake by "something" for several nights.
I've been kept aware by something for several nights.
I've been kept aware by something for several nights.
We just moved into a new house, And the former owners gave us a estrange set of rules ( Part 2)
I couldn't fall asleep. Something kept watching me for several nights.
Something watched me as I tried to fall asleep. For multiple nights.
Something, or someone, kept watching me while inwas trying to sleep.
The drowning man
The drowning man
The drowning man
The drowning man
The drowning man
The drowning man
The drowning man
The drowning man
Diary Found in an Abandon Cellar
Diary Found in an Abandon Cellar
Diary Found in an Abandon Cellar
Diary Found in an Abandon Cellar
Diary Found in an Abandoned Cellar
Diary Found in an Abandoned Cellar
Diary Found in an Abandoned Cellar
Diary Found in an Abandoned Cellar
Diary Found in Abandoned Cellar
my bestfriends and i went on the dark web and were followed.
When I was 10, my dad took my brother and me out to the woods to bury the body of a woman he murdered
Deadly Detention
I found a metal box in the junkyard. I’m having trouble processing what's inside.
Deadly Detention
Dan stop scrolling reddit and get out of the house. I had a dream where you get killed today right where you are. Yes you Dan Fulton, you specifically.
Dear Dad ..
Siren Head Encounter
Scariest Night of my life
The Psychopath at the hotel
I found a ventriloquist dummy on the side of the road. Something is living inside it.
I couldn't believe what had been done
Refined
The Shusher
The Susher
Dreams and hypnic jerks
Dreams and remembering your dreams
The Face Game
my family has always worked for NASA and been studying the space above, you wont believe the things we know. (part one)
Who is she?
How to Survive Camping: rusalki's week
If you hear teacups clinking outside your house at 3 AM... Don't go outside.
We just moved into a new house, And the former owners gave us a estrange set of rules ( Part 1)
I spotted siren head.
Get to sleep with white noise
Theres been an outbreak in my town, and now he'll has broken loose.
Forgive me Father, for I have sinned
Chapters 13 and 14
All My Pretty Things
All My Pretty Things Die
Our School Refined Us
TheScreamsTheTerribleScreams
Someone threw a Pig's head down my chimney.
I'm a criminal profiler and a deceased serial killer is trying to murder me in the woods surrounding Fever Cabin
The snow crunching
Looking for a story
My sister is missing and I think I'm next.
Welcome to Kingfisher Hill (Part 1)
Toybox I: The Girl in the Box
I Work For The Real SCP-Foundation, And We Received Something Disturbing Last Week.
The portrait on my wall
The Fertile Rains Grow the Best Honey PersimmonsThe demon in the mirror.
I am stuck in The Backrooms | Part 2
The never ending walk home
Spook The Killer
Midnight Intruder
When I was a kid my best friend was a bush inside a well
Dog
I Interviewed my Favorite Horror Writer about his most Controversial Story. What he said completely shocked me.Part 1.
I Received A Letter From My Dead Best Friend: Part 1
I Received A Letter From My Dead Best Friend
I am stuck in The Backrooms | Part 2
The Visitor
Pick
Eleven people were just murdered in Las Vegas, but the news won't cover it. Here's where I come in.
Awesiaki: Chapter Twelve - The Bloodletter's Trial
I Was Offered 100.000 Euros to Beta-Test a New Piece of Virtual Reality Technology - Final Part
I’ve been paralyzed for five years… This morning I woke up with feeling in my legs again. [PART 1]
D-Operatives
D-Operatives
I’ve been paralyzed for five years… A stranger offered to help me. [PART 1]
Megan
I Got A Job As Night Security On A Train. The Train Rules Are Deeply Disturbing (Part 1) Story by - not_neccasarily, Re-upload
I Got A Job As Night Security On A Train. The Train Rules Are Deeply Disturbing Part 1 (Story by - not_neccasarily) (Re-upload)
I went to Nothe, the place to find oneself.
The Animal Farm is Growing Scarce [1]
The thing you desire most
Why I now let Jimmy and his boys deal with the Peter problem
The Arm in Grandma's Attic
I’m a Freemason and I have some stories to tell you – Tragedy of a Strigoi (part 5)
I’m a Freemason and I have some stories to tell you – Tragedy of a Strigoi
26 [F4M] || Getting addicted to snapchat is it bad? My snapchat is: itsfirerra | Not a day passed by without having s""-ting. Looking for friends across the globe
Never go backpacking alone in the Rocky Mountains
Anniversary
Overnight camping: there are other creatures at the tree house
Scariest Story of 2019 Winners!
The Flayed Idol
April 2020 contest nominations
My Grandmother's experience with The Suffering. Part 2.
The Grove.
I Think my Neighbor is a Witch
No people were harmed in the making of this film. [Part 8]
A Bomb Was Dropped In The Heart Of Town. There Might Be Something That Survived The Blast. Part 1.
The Firehouse
There’s a red door on my basement something else lives on my town.
Deep Sleep
I love drones
I havent slept in a week
WAS TRICKED INTO JERKING OFF (OMEGLE)
I found the journal of a Church pastor from the 1200s. The Pied Piper is real.
Whatever you do, don’t buy the new iPhone SE
THE CULLING OF THE LIZARD-PEOPLE
I was the creature
Has anyone heard of The Purgatory Game? Part 4.
Distorted voices at approx. 0250 local. Need answers.
Sisyphus
Felt it
Do not wish to be special.
I'm Not Going to Kill You, I Promise
I've been watched by "something" for several days.
Good Boys
I kill monsters
The parasites in my body are driving me insane (Real Dream)
I am the worst at picking vacations.
The parasites in my body are driving me insane... (Real Dream)
My parasites are driving me nuts (Real Dream)
My mother works at a hospital that was abandoned twenty years ago Part 6
Can't remember my childhood and it gets me paranoid!
Half of my life is dark and I am not sure whether that's a good thing
Dating sucks.
Maisie came back, but something is...different. (Part one)
I bought a possessed mirror and it was the biggest mistake of my life.
Please Do Not Schedule a Tour at GFY Industries
The Black Blobs Part 3
My first time
Notes
My first time
I swear Genies were once a real thing!
The Escape (Part Two)
I Moved To A New Community, and The Rules Are Strange
Tetris is the hot new video game!
Halcyon network message 2141**********
I found a journal on a corpse in Siberia... now i wish i hadn't touched it.
There is a Cult at Disneyland
4 miles or: The Rule of Two.
The Teddy Bear ‘Picnic’ | Part 2
The Strange Cases of a Philadelphia Cop 2/2
I Moved To A New Community, These Are The Rules
Something wants me to stay in the dark.
I received a wildfire warning, but there was no wildfire.
I was paid $100k to stay in a room full of mirrors (Final)
Dermiscript
Something wants me to stay in the dark. Very Short Story
My wife asked me to do the impossible, and I'm afraid it might just be the end of us.
Dermiscript
I work as a Coroner, and this was my last case.
I cant sleep
I think I killed my best friend.
I'm Addicted To Visiting Other Dimensions - Part One
I found a USB stick outside my house, something was wrong with it.
"I don't mind if you ate my body when I died."Just Another Haunted Hotel Room Tale
The Shadow Speaks When I Sleep
If you are on a computer and its late night, read this
What's the creepiest shit you had ever read/watch/saw?
Feed Me.jpeg
Parasitic Final Moments
The Lights of my madness
Help? I guess...
I was a Police Officer. I witnessed something that no man should have to see...
My friend is not human......
I found a USB stick outside my house, something was wrong with it
I love drones
A stalkers tale
I Think I'm Psychic. I Hope I'm Wrong.
Please help
My Obsession
The Unknown
The Night Stalker
They Call Me The Reaper Chapter 2: the blood line
I found a USB stick outside my house, something was wrong with it
There's something in my attic and it scares me.
I Moved To A New Community, Here Are The Rules
I don't know what's in my attic, and I'm too scared to check.
My stomach sank as I realized that there was one place I hadn’t checked, and that has made all the difference.
My stomach sank as I realized: there was one place I didn’t checked.
I'm a dog trainer. But I use "special" treats to get them to do what I want. It worked like a charm, until today.
Eager
COVID-19
I’m Stuck In A Time Loop On A Boat With A Psychopath (Part 1)
Visions Of Death
Glasses
All my life a choir has sang at the most important moments in my life. Lately, their tune has grown sinister.
I am one of three technicians in a quarentine zone, yesterday my colleague went missing
Someone watching me
I lost my best friend at an abandoned farm
The world feels wrong
Rules for the new EMT
The Strange Cases of a Philadelphia Cop 2/2
MURDER AT THE FREAK SHOW
The Teddy Bear 'Picnic' | Part 2
I think there’s something haunting my town, or at least my family
The God of the Playground
My phone started to glitch, and now it can't stop.
I was abducted by a cult, please don't save me. [Part Two]
Liar
The Siren's Song
Be careful with meditation..
The Creature I Saw In My Hallway Still Haunts me
Every priest must kill a cat demon in order to gain nine lives. I am on my 33rd day of the hunt.
I wana die ama
The Nō no seki disease
This list of English sentences to translate to french gives off weird vibes.
Coal Country and What Lies Ahead (Final)
The Oregon Woods
I have contracted a disease from another universe.
How should I respond? (part 1)
Need help responding. part 1?
The Letter
Soul Searching
I had the worst nightmare I’ve ever had, except I couldn’t remember it specifically, only the horrible feeling dread in the pit of my stomach and a hint of deja vu.
Bitter Roots
The Man In The Box
Interest in narrated Stories?
I tried to help a client. It was a mistake.
I Care For Cryptids
Dreams by Superfluous-Doge-2
This desire
Eleven people were just murdered in Las Vegas, but you won't hear about it on the news. Here’s how past and present sins intertwine
The Magic Coat-hanger
The Oregon Woods.
The Magic Coat-hanger
Possibly ARG or just freaky?
I Was Offered 100.000 Euros to Beta-Test a New Piece of Virtual Reality Technology - Part 2
23 Days creepy pasta
Stories from a line cook, Ghandi beat the shit out of me.
I'm a crime scene investigator and I can't explain what happened at Evergreen Cabin...
Evergreen Cabin (Part 2)
Transcript of a 911 call.
Something wants me to stay in the dark.
Vis-à-Vis
The Umbrella Room [Part 3]
NO MATTER WHAT DONT LOOK AT IT
We have to go now, Don't listen to the voices and don't look at the security feed.
Missing Memory
I Saw Siren Head at Disney
I have been hearing weird cruncing noises at night.
I found a USB stick outside my house, and something was wrong with it.
The Place Where People are Pillows
Should've never went walking
The man in the woods pt1
Best Original Monster 2019 Winners!
I got a call back from a modelling job for a toy company. Little did I know the 'Toys' are voodoo dolls
Two Cuts
👶 BABY COLIC 🍼
Two human eyes were found in an abandoned basement. This audio transcript was discovered nearby.
The Dark Side of Meditation
The monstrous cookie monster
FUCK ME.
The night of the Scp 173s
My twin sister found a lump on her neck, and I think it’s something far worse than a tumourI am stuck in The Backrooms
First the Wind now the Sirens
SCP-4331
Don't buy the lollipops with the purple wrapping from Swen's pops.
Silence
Item# SCP-4331
SCP Item #4331
Bilby Park: Harvest Moon
The dark side of meditation
My Husband Works At A Killers Chop Shop. I Saved Him From Death.
My mother works at a hospital that was abandoned twenty years ago Part 5
They Call Me The Reaper
AirDrop
I hate the rain.
Armin, My Friend
I Didn't Beleive in Monsters Until Yesterday Pt. 2
I Didn't Believe in Monsters Until Yesterday
Family apartment reoccurring sleep paralysis [help]
Sleep paralysis family apartment [help]
The big red eye
Hell.
The Barotrauma Incident
I Heard Sirens During Quarantine.
a few real life horror stories from living in the "hood"
It was just sleep paralysis..Right?
a real life horror story about experiences living in the "hood"
Drunk Hauntings (Part 2)
A Light Touch
Drunk Hauntings (2/2)
The Royal Woodland Resort
Notes From The Future: #1
I was paid $100k to stay in a room full of mirrors.
Am I nuts?
The Strange cases of a Philadelphia Cop 1/2
There's a man at the end of Castle Drive who wants to hurt you
Purchasables
Purchasbles
Ansel’s Forever - 1
Soul searching
Lucid dreaming is MUCH darker than i could ever imagine, and now i'm terrified to go to sleep PART 2
Soul searching
Crunch Crunch run
Lucid dreaming is MUCH darker than i could ever imagine, and now i'm terrified to go to sleep PART 1
Lucid dreaming is MUCH darker than i could ever imagine, and now i'm terrified to go to sleep
Let this be a testament to how fragile our civilization is, and how puny we are in the grand scheme of things. Goodbye Reddit.
Soul searching
Don't turn off the light
Waiting For a Train
123123
Anyone interested in exchanging scary stories that actually happened to them?
Joshua’s Sleepover
I regret ever taking LSD
Don't look through the windows
Momma’s Boy
Don't look through the windows
Don't look through the windows!
Don't look through the windows!
Floor 19: The Rot Market
I took LSD, and crossed into Hell NSFW
Stay Out of the Garden
G
Mist Over Black Mountain
Nameless
The Dead Men Weren’t Really Dead
I steal hope faces from the dead.
I steal hope faces from the dead.
Looking for True Scary Encounters to Post on my YouTube
I’m looking for True Home Alone stories to post on my YouTube “Sgt. Creeps”
The Dead Men Weren’t Really Dead
Crow Valley: Part I
Crow Valley: Part I
Well, cutting off my hand didn't work.
Well, cutting off my handing didn't work.
What I found
It Follows... (1)
Someone tried to kill my family
I'm starting to see clones of myself. Am I just hallucinating?
My Best Friends basement
We decided to make a cursed film.
The Letter
I am an artificial intelligence who knows the purpose of life, do not delete me.
There's a man at the end of Castle Drive...for God's sake don't go looking for him!
NooseHands
Open up
My grandfather was a park ranger, and had a story he only told me.
the story of the white van
The man in the woods
Roaring trees
The scary thing on my phone
I Hear Them Now
WHAT IF I LOOKED BACK
The man in the woods
Something in our house took the form of family members
During lockdown I've gotten to know my wife
Do not go outside. Ignore all cries for help, no matter how human they sound
i eat
There's a man at the end of Castle Drive...Don't look for him
SUNDO
I’m a Freemason and I have some stories to tell you – The Horror at Hoia Forest (part 4)
The Mustergrove FamilyI just got furloughed, and honestly, I'm getting worried
The Raggedy Man
I swear I didn’t mean to hurt her
I'm just a kid and life is a nightmare
(1) I work at a grocery store.
Lonely
I don't know what I saw. But it was not like anything I've seen before.
How should I respond - part 1?
(1) I work at a grocery store.
Catatumbo
My Name is Lydia Poole, and It’s Finally Over.
How should I respond (part 1?)
I am Truthless, but the truth couldn’t be further than that
I'm just a kid and life is a nightmare
Freaky dream
A Stalker told me to Kill Myself. He was Right.
Eleven people were just murdered in Las Vegas, but the news won't cover it. Three is FAR from the magic number.
No people were harmed in the making of this film. [Part 7]
I'm a crime scene investigator, but even I don't know what happened here...
Even after all of the creepy experiences in this wildlife refuge, we keep going back!
The Figure sat on the first row
Maam where is the guy with you? Even if im alone.
He's a monster (Part 2)
Blankets, Cigarettes and poor expectations
Voices
Evergreen Cabin
I Was Offered 100.000 Euros to Beta-Test a New Piece of Virtual Reality Technology - Part 1
Man in the middle of the road.
The man
A visitor in the snow in April
Eviscerated
I don't know what's happening
The Real Life Russian Sleep Experiment
NooseHands
I visited a small town in northern Texas. There is something awfully wrong in here, but the residents try to hide it.
Best Story With Under 500 Upvotes 2019 Winners!
Comrade Undead - My Grandfather Was Involved In The Creation of A Soviet Chemical Weapon
My Friend Behind The Mirror.
No people were harmed in the making of this film. [Part 7]
An interesting flair
I’ve been trying to leave my apartment for past 2 hours
There is a serial killer in my house
I’ve been trying to leave my flat for past 2 hours
Creepy Singaporean urban legends that freaked me out growing up. And sometimes still do...
Liar Liar, pants on fire
My college sorority is different. – This is goodbye
My sick new born ,, is the worst horrors of my life please help save his life during this Corona virus pandemic
I made a terrible decision, and now everyone is going to pay for it.
Liar Liar, pants on fire
I'm a criminal profiler, but I can't explain my wife's mysterious disappearance from Fever Cabin
Can't enjoy the theme parks anymore
HAUNTED AND CREEPY
The City after midnight pt 2
Goodnight..
I am an artist who designs human beings
The City After Midnight Pt. 2
Why I'm not going to sleep tonight...
The City After Midnight Pt. 2
Please don't look for The Witches Burden
The great disappearance of Lothny Creek
Recently I applied to a job in school as a night security guard. They gave me strange list of rules on my first day
Recently I applied to a job in school as a night security guard. They gave me strange list of rules on my first day
I'm not the only monster at the South Seattle Bloodbank
Creepy Singaporean urban legends that freaked me out growing up. And sometimes still do...
My Grandfather Was A Park Ranger
The Black Blobs Part 2
Axis The Dog Man
I did it for her.
Endscreek: The Noise Coming From Inside Children [4]
i was scared AF the first time i read this
scariest house
What you need
What you need.
The Teddy Bear 'Picnic'
I think I'm all alone but not the way I wanted
I'm Dreaming About The Forest Again [Part 1]
A Video Rental Store Just Opened On My Block
I think I'm all alone
The First Darkness
The girl in basement number 64
I Care For Cryptids
I Didn't Believe in Monsters Until Yesterday
The Shadow Man
What you need.
I Didn't Believe in Monsters Until Yesterday
The great disappearance of Lothny Creek
I was abducted by a cult, please don't save me.
In the center of New Mexico is a portal and my great grandmother opened it
I’ve been having insomnia for two months and i think its from a video that said will drive you insane (part1)
The Lamprey of Coast City
I’ve been having insomnia for two months and i think its from a video that said will drive you insane (part1?)
the artist making art triste
Ridcorps
My lover broke my heart. Now I've broken his.
The man in the woods...
I was paid $100 000 to stay in a room full of mirrors
My Lover Broke my heart. Now I've broken his.
Isn't nature Beautiful
Black Centipedes
The baby dollBloody Marry
Bloody Marry Bloody Marry Bloody Marry
Humanity's greatest threat? Itself
I’m Edwin Crowe and I Murdered My Wife
Me and my friends went to a beach. One of them changed. p1
Dear Dad ..
My pets ran away 7 years ago, yesterday I found out what they've become...
i used to go into the forest now i wonder what i did in there
i used to go in the forest. know i wonder what i did in there
There’s something disturbing going on at “Happy Fun Time” daycare
Justice is Dead
I'm a guard for a local theme park. I've been stuck for nearly 20 hours part 3
I'm a guard for a local theme park. I've been stuck for nearly 20 hours part 3
What is up with the number 13? (Part 1)
I'm a guard for a local theme park. I've been stuck for nearly 20 hours part 3
We tried to play God
I'm a guard for a local theme park. I've been stuck for nearly 20 hours part 3
I'm a guard for a local theme park. I've been stuck for nearly 20 hours part3
They Call Me The Reaper Chapter 2: The Ultimate Evil
I'm a guard for a local theme park. I've been stuck for nearly 20 hours part3
My mother works at a hospital that was abandoned twenty years ago Part 4
The Girl in The Corner
I am a businessman quietly pursuing the spirit trade. It's a dangerous job and a few of my employees have died.
I’ve been having insomnia for two months and i think its from a video that said will drive you insane
Heres a sneak peak at my story im writing( its fiction Duh)
The Cryptic Compendium
I never should have painted on top of that hill... (Part 1)
A Soviet Bakelite Phone? – Part I
A Letter for the End (Part 1)
Freezing the Fish in the Stream
Drunk Hauntings (Part 1)
Writing Challenge:
Menstrual Pangs
I think my cousin is exploiting my friend's addiction what can I do?
I am a therapist working on board a private military submarine. Something is seriously going wrong down here. [Part 1]
The Witch
Drunk Hauntings (Part 1/2)
Evergreen Cabin (My First Post not my first story)
I talked to the women in white, she won't leave me. Help.
A Walk in Fog
I survived an appocalipse, that never happend.
Tales From A Lonely Motel: 8 Finale
The Desert
Sunshine
I used to talk to my reflection, until one day it started talking back.
Don’t go to school.
A letter to you, my beloved.
Lockdown Chapter 3: Under the Boot
I aint doing my work
Back in either 2008 or 2009 Me and my brothers(and mom) watched a video that haunts me to this day...
Last night I let my dog outside, but something else came back in... (Finale)
Shape_of_Death.png
I nutted so hard it put me into the 4th dimension
Does anyone remember “Happy Fun Time” daycare?
Does anyone else remember “Happy Fun Time” daycare?
Together Again
When I was around 3 or 4 me and brothers watched a video, and scared the h*ll out of us.
She is worse than anything man has thought of, and I know what She is
Ridcorps
This ice cream has no flavor. But it can turn something into nothing, and nothing into something.
MySins.doc
TRUE STORY - I saw a djinn.
All the grown ups went mad.
My grandfather committed a sin &amp; now every Female Born in my family is destined to be a *Dayan*
My nightmares came to haunt me!
H
Eleven people were just murdered in Las Vegas, but the news won’t cover it. Two are not always better than one.
When I was a Park Ranger they were hiding something from the public behind a barbed-wire fence
You may see an old school bus driving around your city. I'll tell you why you will never see the passengers.
CONTACT TRACEING IS A SCAM TO TROUND PEPOLE UP
Today is a weird day.
I’m not sure what’s going on but I think I need help.
The purge pt.2
I work for the newspaper in a small town. I'm reporting on a time capsule, what I found inside is horrifying. Pt 2. Update and 2006
I’m not sure what’s happening but I think I’m in danger.
Tar people
I work for the newspaper in a small town. I'm reporting on a time capsule, what I found inside is horrifying. (Pt. 2 update and 2006)
The purge
my journey into lucid dreaming
An AI has been finding missing bodies. We relied on it.
My Grandfather is a Veteran of a War That Hasn't Happened — Yet... (Pt. 1)
My Grandfather is a Veteran of a War That Hasn't Happened Yet (Pt. 1)
My Grandfather is a Veteran of a War That Hasn't Happened — Yet...
People from Marly Republic following me
No people were harmed in the making of this film. [Part 6]
Marly Republic people following me?
Marly Republic video people following me
There is a red door on my basement something else lives on my town 2
I’m a Freemason and I have some stories to tell you – The Church of Ghosts (part 3)
There is a red door in my basement ,something else lives on my town 2
The House In The Shadows
My town has an old nursery rhyme called LICKETYSPLIT. It's all over now. PART 4, FINAL
There's A Man In The Nursery Closet
The Eldritch Horror of Kamchatka
He's not there
Locker 136 (part 1)
He's not there
I Need Advice And My Brothers Won't Talk To Me Part 2
Most Immersive 2020 Winners!
I regret everything. But I finished the job. The Brain is dead. *Part 4*How To Fall Asleep When You Cant Sleep Wikihow🧐
The City After Midnight
I'm a criminal profiler, but not even I can explain the gruesome events taking place at Fever Cabin
If you don't acknowledge them...they USUALLY don't acknowledge you...
My college sorority is different. – Twice as strong
If you don't acknowledge them...they don't acknowledge you... (usually)
Staying With My Aunt Who I've Never Met Before And I Can't Leave
I think she is always with me, even though I can’t see her
If you enjoy scary content check this channel.😈😈
I got a job making rules for jobs with rules and it has some strange rules!
They Call Me The Reaper
Can't sleep
My name is Moody J
I got a job as a rule maker for jobs and it has some very strange rules.
Curly, please come back.
The voices got so much worse, and I'm convinced I've gone insane.
Newbie Here!
Don’t Tell A Soul
They Call Me The Reaper
I'm Staying With My Aunt Who I've Never Met Before And I Can't Leave
I got a new job as an editor, it has a peculiar set of rules that I have to follow.
dude wtf
My pets ran away 7 years ago, yesterday I found out what they've become...
There's a disease spreading through my street. (pt. 1)
A Rare Type of Intelligence
I found an unopened letter in my mom's attic after her funeral. I shouldn't have read it. Part III
I’m in the Navy, sailors are suddenly going missing on base, and my command is covering it up
The Deep Dark Woods.
Nameless, Faceless.
College Decision Day Is Coming Up, and One University Wants to Be Sure that I Make Up My Mind
The Black Blobs
Korona - part 1
I found a journal documenting a terrible fate.
It wishes you well (Part One)
I’m just starting a YouTube channel and I have uploaded it’s first video, I kept it short for this first video. I would also like to narrate your stories if your okay with it (credit will be given)
People Think I'm A Serial Killer. It's Far Worse Than That. Part 14, The End
People Think I'm A Serial Killer. It's Far Worse Than That. Part 14 [The End]
0
My Grandfather is a Veteran of a War That Hasn't Happened...Yet (Pt. 1)
The Mad Butcher of Easttown
Nutty Book
KORONA
I Watched A Secret Television Broadcast
Are you afraid of the opposite sex?
I'm a rapist and I'm almost a victim.
Four is the Law
Something I’d rather forget
Charlie Brown and the great pumpkin.
There's something wrong with my dog.
The untinkable
Something is Stalking the Streets of Manila During Quarantine
As a Kid I had Hallucinations
The Royal Woodland Resort
Somethings not right about where I live and I'm not sure im safe
He estudiado en escuelas católicas (de monjas) toda mi vida, quieren saber algo al respecto?
I survived a drug store shooting- This is my story
The Dream That Felt Real
He estudiado en escuelas católicas desde que nací, quieren saber algo al respecto?
He's not there
The 9 legends of Rance's Avenue: You can’t find it, it finds you
Lockdown Chapter 2
i used to go into the woods at my old house today i found out what was in there.
Necromancer
My biggest nightmare
Something is not right. But what.
I lived in a haunted house for a year with an aggressive spirit (sorry for bad structure this is my first post on this subreddit)
My biggiest nightmare was true
Me and my friend went on a trip to Las Vegas Nevada, and we got into area 51.
My job is to cleanse the Philippines from the unclean touched by the virus of this pandemic
Hey this is time writing a scary short story. It is based off of my experience with sleep paralysis. Hope you guys like it. ☺️
Viscera
16 Spiders.
Whispers in the Night
I Like Taking Long Walks Down My Neighborhood Street...
They are waiting outside
Hey guys this is my first time writing a scary short story. This stems from a sleep paralysis experience I had. But I changed some things for the story. Hope you like it. ☺️
I'm a guard for a local theme park. I've been stuck for nearly 20 hours
Our new home
Cloudless Thunder and the Microwave
I received a call from my missing Daughter
There’s A Road In My Town That Doesn’t Exist | Part 1
The Babylon Ring
Help.
My friend is undergoing metamorphosis. I'm scared, but Kafka would be pleased.
French Morning
I'm a guard for a local theme park. I've been stuck for nearly 20 hours
I'm a guard for a local theme park. I've been stuck for nearly 20 hours, part 2
Mosquito bites
Warning
Earth Lite
Earth Lite
Earth Lite
7 Things to Do When Your Boyfriend is Teething
Tales from Customer Service
I was stranded in the woods but much worse happened
I think I have insomnia
My Twisted Fate
Between the Boxes - Flesh and Blood
Every night, my father dies and is resurrected.
Has anyone heard of The Purgatory Game? Part 3.Happened a few years ago.
My Parents' House
I Need to Protect the World from My Daughter
I work for the newspaper in a small town. I'm reporting on a time capsule, what I found inside is horrifying.(Pt 2, update and 2006)
Shadow..beast-dog-thing---has anyone had an encounter like this?
طريقة عمل معروك رمضان السوري
Creepy staring older sister
I'm the police diver who found something I can't explain. Last night, I met Wandering Willa. [3]
I work for a small newspaper, doing a report on a time capsule, what I found inside is terrifying (pt 2, 2006)
Creepy staring sister
They look like People
This’ll be my first post ever on Reddit I think. I used to use this site for video game stuff almost exclusively but now it’s the only place I feel can help me make sense of things.
How long can we survive without sleeping?
My brother's imaginary friend.
Do not party with warlocks, especially if you don’t have health insurance
I work in the News and live at the station, there are some stories we aren’t allowed to talk about.
The Pet Shop Nightmare
Someone Who Requested Art From Me Took It Too Far
No memory of a trip to Disney?
He's a monster
A Childhood Memory with Mr. Longears...
My school bus was hijacked by masked men, and I learned that alternative education is hell on earth.
Why you should always pay attention to your surroundings
I thought nothing could scare me
Floor 17: The Infinite Hunger of the Cannibal Killers
Please read my experience and let me know what you think of my account. In all seriousness don't reply unless your sincere, Ma'am/Sir.
The Girl Of My Dreams Started Living With Me And Now I Don't Know What To Do [Part 3]
A red car appears on my neighborhood, Nobody owns a red car here.
My family has one rule NEVER EVER go to the attic at 2:35-3:49AM (maybe series)
Eleven people were just murdered in Las Vegas, but the news won't cover it. Here's what happened.
I found an old View-Master but there was an unmarked slide with it
I saw my nan in my dream, and then saw her in real life (she’s dead)
I Woke Up and Everything Has Changes (Part 2)
Electro Medical Equipment Manufacturer
Electro Medical Equipment manufacturer India
Electro Medical Equipment manufacturer
I posted a photo. Now someone is outside - Part I
My tiny town just got put on lock down - part ten - final
Spirits
What is the scariest thing to ever happen to you?
I Got Kicked Out of College and Now I Live In a Haunted House (Part 2)
The Pet Shop Nightmare
No people were harmed in the making of this film. [Part 5]
My mother works at a hospital that was abandoned twenty years ago Part 3
My town has an old nursery rhyme called LICKETYSPLIT. The song is almost over. PART 3 of 4
My town has an old rhyme called LICKETYSPLIT. The song is almost over. (PART 3 of 4)
Encounter with the Spooky Kind
There is a red door on my basement something else lives on my town
I was in a Discord Call with my friend at 4 AM, I heard something, Now they're missing..........
There is a red door on my basement . something else lives on my town
There is a red door in my basement Something has escaped
I think something is haunting my town, or at least me and my family
Why were you wiggling in bed last night?
Best Title of 2019 Winners!
A dream from last night kept me thinking, this is what I can remember from it.
I'm Staying With My Aunt Who I've Never Met Before And I Think Something Bad Might Happen To Me
"Do not go outside", the emergency broadcast said
I'm an International Arms Dealer and I Met Death
Lockdown
I think I’m trying to warn myself
The mirror in the addic
The Marlboro Man (part one)
I live alone in the woods. The other day I woke up to find my outdoor grill left on, with meat sizzling on it. And the meat just smelled so good. (Part 1)
The Mirror in the addict
I survived a drug store shooting - This is my story
I'm a Philly Cop and My Friend Killed a House - Conclusion
My college sorority is different. – The last song of the siren
Grief is a bitch
I found an unopened letter in my mom's attic after her funeral. I shouldn't have read it. Part II
I found an unopened letter in my mom's attic after her funeral. I shouldn't have read it. (Part II)
"13"
The Mirror in the Attic
The Mirror in the Attic
How to access the "Forbidden Wiki"
Endless void
The Wriggling (Part Two)
Last night I let my dog outside, but something else came back in...
A Perfect World Painted White
I’ve been stuck in an amusement park for 8 years:part 2
The Growing Collapse
Boo!
My Family Went on a Warner Brother’s Studio Tour, and What I Saw Changed me Forever
Last night I let my dog outside, but something else came back in... (part 3)
Our Homeland Or Death
The Nightmare.
My Family Went on a Warner Brother’s Studio Tour, and What I Saw Changed me Forever
There was always something off about Lucian... (Part 1)
People Think I'm A Serial Killer. It's Far Worse Than That. Part 13
I'm not sure if this belongs here, but this actually happened just now
Mike's potato cellar
Update to My (now ex-) friend's potato cellar.
A fun bedtime story.
Something keeps following me everywhere.
I watched a suicide and can't do anything about it
I work for the newspaper in a small town. I'm reporting on a time capsule, what I found inside is horrifying: pt 1. Some pretence and 1954
I'm Babysitting Black-Eyed Children (Finale)
The dead woman
love
Pandemic Pete - The Infamous Quarantine Serial Killer
NDisasters have been happening in my dreams and now they’re happening in real life. [Part 1]
My Local Casino is a Real Rip-Off
7:20am
The Royal WoodLand Resort
I guess you never really know
7:20am
I saw something amongst the trees
7:20 am
The Definition of Reality
The story of when my android phone got hacked.
[ADVICE] How can I (14,m) help a ghost (??,?) that might be living in my house??? I think it's depressed
Who?
CREATING A POLICE STATE
Hello,this might be a bit random
They Came from the Woods Part II
WARNING!!!SCARY FOOTAGE FOUND FROM 90's CAMCORDER
I have worked for the U.S. navy for 12 years, but I will *never* forget what I saw that day. [Pt. 1]
The house on the left
I had a horrible feeling in my gut, rightly so..
Im a guard for a local theme park. I've been stuck for nearly 20 hours
As we walked to the exit the guy followed us quietly.
Cloudless Thunder and June Bugs
I’m a Freemason and I have some stories to tell you – The Pripyat Grand Lodge Visit (part 2)
in the forest.
something in the forest.
something's in the forest...
My mother has been acting strange ever since she returned from her cruise to Mexico...[Part 1]
So I'm kind of scared for my little brother right now
Please, just stop. Demons.
Don’t Preach To Me
Don’t preach to me (trigger warning)
The Space Mountain Silence
The night I was in a real life slasher film
This is why you don't camp in your backyard
Looking for Scary Stories
Outstretched
My friends and I saw something in the park. We left just before all hell broke lose.
Another message from mom
They're everywhere.
Floor 16: The Abattoir Room
The Girl, the Dog, the Window, and the Painting
The happiest place on earth is dying - Part 2
Never play games on the dark web. Part one: the black hoodie.
Evacuate, it's the least you can do.
Never play games on the dark web. Part one: The Black hoodie.
The Girl, the Dog, the Window, and the Painting.
Never play games on the dark web!!! Part one:The black hoodie
Open your eyes
There’s a red door in my basement I am afraid of what it might be inside
The Hills Are Burning
I think I'm being haunted and I dont know what to do.
I took a job I shouldn't have. Things are devastating. I can't quit.
Let's Go for a Ride
Noisy Neighbor
I do not like my Birthday.
I thought it would be funny to scare myself in the mirror.
S'mores
A Warning From a Night Mara
Red Apple Snacks
i shit myself playing this game
My parents own a burger joint. After you know what I know, you won't want to eat there.
Blue is for Boys
Kids in the Dark
Big Green Tree
Agent's Handbook part 4
Big Green Tree
My friend Charlie
Was my first apartment haunted or did I just experience sleep paralysis?
Something That Looks Like Former President Jimmy Carter is Stalking Me
I have something worse then the Virus.
Road to 1,000 Subscribers
The same nightmare everyday for a week...
Query About Weird Soil - Hardiness Zone 6a
The same nightmare everyday for a week
Subs Please
Help me!
Rule 1: Always lock your house up when the sun goes down
Need Advice On My Soil (Hardiness Zone 6a)
Road to 1,000 Subscribers
GRANDMOTHER IS STILL ALIVE
Road to 1, 000 Subscribers
This media is not available because it includes a live stream you've chosen not to see.
The Royal WoodLand Resort
When I was 9 or 10 years old a man called and said he had kidnapped my mom. This was before caller ID and I still can’t understand why he did it.
I am a medical worker and y the laws of nature I should not be alive right now.
I pretended to be insane to avoid being conscripted into the Russian Army. After spending a week in the asylum, I think I'd be better off in the Army
The Royal WoodLand Resort
The UK Government Do Not Want You to Know What Happened to the Town of Bellingham
There used to be a strange cult in my high-school
They look like people
Horror Webseries Broadcast 64
Hangnail.
Look out the window, please.
There is a place much worse than the Dark Web.
Hangnail. (part of Fingered)
A Spirit Living in my Mirror
Another Marine That Saw Weird Shit
Is your marriage struggling? Download Covenant Eyes today!
The Umbrella Room [Part 2]
End of the worldMy sister's a....witch i guess?
I’m not sure if this is allowed but I’m asking for some help finding two stories from along time ago!
My sister's a....witch I guess?
No people were harmed in the making of this film. [Part 5]
They Look Like People
Hunger, part 3.
I Chewed A VEIN Out of My Mouth!
I Chewed A VEIN Out of My Mouth!
Comments are disabled
End of the fake world
Who Was He?
No mans land was around the corner.
CAt leader end world
Please, just stay awake.
You Are Now Breathing Manually
The mind
The world's Walk cAt leader
The Psy-Lab and What Happened in Elko
The Greedy
The Greedy
Ayla's Diary
"I" am writing the best songs I've ever written.
The Soviets Left Something Unholly Behind After the Cold War.
Death (Part one)
A Girl Scout in my new neighborhood won’t stop terrorizing me
Your Friendly Neighborhood Chris
Flamingo Island
A Night I’m Sunei Motel
Conditioning
All he could do was watch
The Things in the dark Part1
My mother works at a hospital that was abandoned twenty years ago PART @
What did I just hear?
My mother works at a hospital that was abandoned twenty years ago Part 2
Pig Pig Trouble Part 3
My mother works at a hospital that was abandoned twenty years ago Part 2
My sister accidentally summoned a demon while filming a TikTok video.
Eight Ways to Paradise: The First Step FINAL (part 3)
I found out the horrific reason the Brightcliff Manor Hotel only has one toilet
The Wriggling (Part one)
I live in a house in the woods...Blood Manor.
I found an unopened letter in my mom's attic after her funeral. I shouldn't have read it.
People Think I'm A Serial Killer. It's Far Worse Than That. Part 12
the circle: Doc
Accounts From A Monster Hunter: Part-2
Christmas lights in April
As we walked trough the park with an injured friend the person was getting closer to us.
The Site
How to Survive Camping: when land becomes old
skinwalkers killed my brother
I'm Staying With My Aunt Who I've Never Met Before And I Feel Like Something Is Very Wrong Here
Pig Pig Trouble Part 3
Chris Bendong
My only friend is a robot I built at school. Yesterday, it showed up at my house.
The hair grower knows how to grow hair through secrets
My only friend is a robot I built at school. Yesterday, it showed up at my house.
I Found The Missing Ones
The Royal WoodLand Resort
I Found The Missing Ones
My house is haunted by a demon, and it won´t let me go.
Eight Ways to Paradise: The First Step (part 3 - Final)
I'm Babysitting Black-Eyed Children (Part 4)
An Image of Death
Dogs Are Sadistic Chapter 2
I met something in the forest. It won't stop following me.
Wilbur is watching.
Reunion at Cape Errago
I'm Not Sure If I Should Be Worrying About the Door in My Living Room
The Long Summer
Where it all begins...
The Wriggling Part One
Wriggling (part one)
Guess Who's Coming for Dinner
Tracks in the Alley
Floor 15: The Watching Walls (r/hotelnondormiunt Spring Creeping)
7 Things to Do When Your Boyfriend is Teething
I used to work for a suicide helpline. but I quit after the final call I recieved.
This is why you don’t fuck around with the ionosphere
I’m pretty sure I’m dying tonight
Sirens Warning
Don't go looking for the door... or you'll find it FINALE (Part 18)
I just picked up some sort of mystery job. What I saw when I went through the building door shocked me (part 2)
My crazy ex
I'm an amateur videographer, and I shouldn't have accepted an unusual gig.
The cure for insomnia isn't worth it
Any scary stories for narration?
They Came from the Woods
There is something out there.
The Internet file ep. 1
Dead cAt dead mind
I Had An Encounter With An Old God
Tales From A Lonely Motel: 7
I miss my sister
MY cAt iS so deAD bUt Nice
Help me find the user who wrote the following?
There is something out there.
The Resident's Model
New house, New life..
This is why you don’t fuck around with the ionosphere
[draft/peer review] Sunday Morning; P. I essay(s): Waking up from the Dream, and Seeing the World through The Eyes of My Youth. &amp; P. II: Perspectives from Through The Rose Window. (History/Science/Memoir) it's a spicy one! pls roast my assThis is why you don’t mess around with the ionosphere
This is why you don’t fuck around with the ionosphere
The Gnome Lair
A ghost would leave me videos
Hallowed Ground ~ Part V
In the coming days, you will wake up and find that a perfect set of teeth has spontaneously grown into the palm of your left hand. If you want to survive, pay attention. Part 2
The Gnome Lair
The friend
Dreaming of Demons
Accounts From A Monster Hunter: Part-2
The Psy-Lab
My only friend is a robot I built at school. Yesterday, it showed up at my house.
Mr. Tine
My only friend is a robot I built at school. Yesterday, it showed up at my house.
The Legend of Mary Knot
Necro
Does anyone know how to handle a demon?
What Washed Ashore: Part 2
Underground farm with irradiated cow
He Who Wanders
Hunger, part 2.
The boy with stripes on his face
Creepypasta "IT'S in the sewers,!"
I met the devil, and I wish I never did.
AfterDeath Explorer
Creepypasta " it's in the sewers"
I work for NASA and here's how the Soviets made first contact
A Simple Night In
Tales From A Bored High-School Student - Entry #3 - Charlotte: Origins
We Don't Know Why The Phonograph Plays Frank Sinatra At Midnight...All We Do Know Is To Hide
Don't Mess with The War Dogs
I’m a Freemason and I have some stories to tell you.
My mother and I aren’t all that different.
Hangnail.
The Bolwin Chronicles : Horror in the Himalayas
The Clinomaniac
Two Nosleep writers are dead and my inheritance is gone. All because I left my mentally handicapped adult brother alone for a weekend.
Can't find the name of an amazing horror story help
Fingered.
I cannot sleep I think I’m getting haunted by the aywoki
My tiny town just got put on lock down - part nine
My hands
The Clinomaniac
Quarantine Insomnia
I think I got stuck in a back room when I was 16.
My college sorority is different. – The Elder Sister
beautiful Planners
I will not fall asleep to ASMR ever again
beautiful Planners
My town has an old nursery rhyme called LICKETYSPLIT. We know now they are watching.
TAZER BRIGADE
The lady with the white dress.
Time out of my Mind
Something is wrong with Mark...
My Best Friend Heard Strange Voices Coming From A Blizzard. He's Been Missing Ever Since.
Bones, Master of the World
sub for sub
My mom sent me some old home videos for my birthday, and now we've reached the Showdown at the Quintessential Point.
1:34 AM. EP:01
insirtation
Somethings are meant to be unknown
"DATE"
A Short Study of William Harding
"Date"
A Short Study of William Harding (1979)
"I REGRET WHAT I SAID"
Blood covered hands
Blood covered hands
Desperately need help ... There's something sinister in my backyard
My phone goes crazy at night,now I know why...
I'll See You Soon, But Not Soon Enough
Lack of attention to detail in |roleplay| has always bothered me. This girl’s videos are IMPECCABLE. |intentional| |female|
the dolls
Lack of attention to detail in [roleplay] has always bothered me. This girl’s videos are IMPECCABLE. [intentional] [female]
Scary stories based on certain rules were my favorite - Part 1
My street disappeared
I'm a Philly Cop and my friend killed a house Part 4 - Tartarus
The 3 Am man
Strange things happen in the Ohio Valley
They been waiting all along...
It Called To Me, Part Two
I need to warn you about the Children's Wish Shop.
I don't know who I am or what they want with me
I'm not sure if I ever existed
The House In The Woods...
Last night I let my dog outside, but something else came back in...
A Witness Account
Last night I let my dog outside, but something else came back in... (cont.)
Dogs
If this is true then Corona is least of our worries.....
Made Contact With an Alien named ZibZab IV
The river done rise and take ‘em
Mermaids Aren't What You Think They Are
I’ve been to the backrooms, safe to say you never want to go.
My mother works at a hospital that was abandoned twenty years ago
I Got Kicked Out of College and Now I Live in a Haunted House (Part 2)
I found out the horrific reason the Brightcliff Manor Hotel only has one toilet
People Think I'm A Serial Killer. It's Far Worse Than That. Part 11
Pig Pig Trouble Part 2
The StacksHow i “technically” got away with plagiarizing
I was best friends with a psycho stalker
I live in a house in the woods, and things are getting worse.
I live in a house in the woods pt 2
The Whiteboard in the Empty Cubicle
The Whiteboard in the Empty Cubicle
This Greyhound bus hasn’t stopped for days, End of the line.
Pig Pig Trouble Part 2
The real reason space smells like steak.
i need someone to help me track down this stalker
A MAN'S BEST FRIEND.
The Itch
Scary Quarantine Horror Story | Martial Law Takes Over
body count
Scary story Narratives
children haunt my home to this day
It hunts at night
Everybody hates my couch.
I work as a warehouse manager. How to survive the night shift
I'm Babysitting Black-Eyed Children (Part 3)
Eight Ways to Paradise: The First Step (part two)
Soy Un Oficial En Un Pueblo Lejano De La Sociedad En Argentina (PARTE 3)
I Am An Officer In A Town Far From Society In Argentina (PART 3)
My Family Moved to a New Neighborhood; It’s not your average suburb
So i got this video...
No people were harmed in the making of this film. [Part 4]
Possession at St. Montgomery’s Retirement Home.
My name is Sam. If you're reading this: don't come for me. Part 2.
This town has a secret and it's written in ash.
My name is Sam. If you're reading this: don't look for me. Pt. 2
They didn't believe me when I said there's something in my closet (Part 1)
Tainted Secrets and Properties
Taken care of.
I'm an Uber Eats Driver. Someone tried to kill me last night.
This media is not available because it includes content you’ve chosen not to see.
How To Survive Royal WoodLand Resort
The time I went to court
Don't go looking for the door... or you'll find it (Part 17)
The Third Vault
What house ?
Sam got out again.
The Third Vault
My twin brother
His death was as spectacular as his tricks
My Dog Knows Something About My Family That I Don't (Part 2)
The Girl Of My Dreams Started Living With Me And Now I Don't Know What To Do [Part 2]
While I'm still human
THEY ARE SETTING UP A SCAMM TO ROUND PEOPLE
My moronic Scout troop resurrected a batallion of Confederate soldiers. It went as well as you'd expect.
I played a game with my friends. It soon turned inexplicably bad.
When my Great Auntie Madsen shows up, someone in my family always dies.
The night I found Sarah Wilder
I Just Moved into a New House - Something Isn't Right
I fell in love with my co-worker, then I realized he killed my brother (part 1)
I fell in love with my colleague, then I realized he killed my brother
My daughter’s friend, Blue p1
I’m a detective in a small town, and there’s something in the woods. / part one.
The Penthouse
ANNUNAKIDARKHILD77
I went back...
In the coming days, you will wake up and find that a perfect set of teeth has spontaneously grown into the palm of your left hand. If you want to survive, pay attention. Part 1
I definitely enjoy and respect your stories and experience, I respect your sacrifice. Thank you. I do have a question? with your experience i find it difficult to comprehend how you chose to ignore the most intriguing info that you received when it seemed too consistent to just not demand more info
A Warning From a Night Mara
A Warning From a Night Mara
I Got Kicked Out of College and Now I Live in a Haunted House (Part 2)
Called to Schedule My Dog to be Put Down in the Morning - So 😔 TIL - How Precious Time - tonight will be no sleep.
I Switched My Desk At Work. Two Days Later, And I Would've Been Dead.
Finding Freedom
What house ?
my post I accidentally posted on a different Reddit
Finding Freedom
I REQUEST YOUR HELP
I crash landed in the jungle. But I dont think this is the jungle.
I crash landed in the jungle but i dont think it is the jungle
I’ve been able to see another dimension ever since I was young
I Request your help!
What Washed Ashore: Part 2
What Washed Ashore: Part 1
Does anyone know what happened to Jubilee, Pennsylvania???
What are you and why am I here? (Part 10)
My sleep paralysis wont leave
My Name is Lydia Poole, and I’m Back Motherfucker.
An Amateur Exorcist: The Voice in the Fireplace
CON:t/RoL
I know you're not going to believe me
Watch out for people in parks with empty strollers
Please help me
I know you're not going to believe me
Strange Cravings
What are you and why am I here? (part 10 of the Man in the Van)
I’m a Hospice Nurse on the Reservation. My patients have secrets and they will haunt you. Final update.
What's that Doc? The next set of pills will do the trick? Pills are what will cure me?
Taking Shape
The new girl at work comes from a disturbing family that has a weird obsession with dolls
Security guard journal template
I got a comment on one of my YouTube videos with a link which I should have never clicked
Security guards journal 1of? (Template posting for feedback before continuing)
Isolation
I'm the police diver who found something I couldn't explain. Here's what I learned about the lake and its "residents". [2]
I’ve been doing video calls with my class every few days, but on one of the days something scary occurs. [1]My Small Scary Story Channel!
My Sister was an ISIS Bride (Part 13) - Final Update
My Son Thinks Our Neighbor Haunts His Closet. Our Neighbor Is Still Alive.
Nothing shocks me, I’m a scientist
THe worst sound in the world
The Banging Won’t Stop.
The Banging Won’t Stop.(Part 1)
The Known
I work customer service for a video conferencing platform. These are the calls that keep me up at night.
I never realised why I never felt alone... I know why now
I'm the police diver who found something I couldn't explain. Here's what I learned about the lake and its "residents". [2]
His death was as spectacular as his tricks
I Need Advice And My Brothers Won't Talk to Me
Has anyone heard of The Purgatory Game? Part 2.
Late Night Hike Spooks
My dreams last multiple nights
Grandpa Johnny Doesn’t like you, so hide.
Hey guys I have a small YouTube channel (barely 80 subscribers) where I post horror/creepy stories. If any of you guys want to me to post your stories just let me know :)
Welcome to Endscreek [3]
Donum the Gifting Cat
I took a job I shouldn't have. Now I can't quit. *Part 2*
Scary stories based on rules were my favorite. Part 1
My reality glitched and my mind is disassociating with reality. HELP ME.
The pursuit of happiness is nothing more than a whisper of hope in the chaos of misery.
My reality is glitching?
Jadwiga's House - Amal the mathematician (Part 3)
Coming Home ( True Story)
Black van
Traveler
Don't hide, Run.
Don’t hide, Run.
The Russians Built a Facility in Afghanistan. It Houses a Grim Secret.
My Sister was an ISIS Bride (Part 13/ Finale)
What lies beneath the surface
The ghosts of Child Miners, Wolf-like creatures, parallel dimensions and more all in the small town of Endiclove
They been waiting all along...
I’m a detective in a small town, and I think there’s something in the woods. / part one.
If you see a scarecrow in the middle of nowhere leave it alone
Welcome to Endscreek [3]
My college sorority is different. – Her true form
If you see them don’t tell no one....
I think I may be the last person on earth
The Mark Of Cain
His death was as spectacular as his tricks
currently happening need answers cryptic messages and dms
The Twilight Zone After Midnight
I was given a list of rules for college, I wish i had followed them - part 1
my dad gave me a list of rules for college, I wish i had followed them - part 1
Stories from a line cook, chaos inside and out.
Well Well Well
Walkie Talkies
Fefe t he ghost
People Think I'm A Serial Killer. It's Far Worse Than That. Part 10
My tiny town just got put on lock down - part eight
I don't know why there is a huge lilac bush in my field, but I think I might get some answers soon.
I need help please!
Project: Ancients Revival
Fefe the ghost
Help please!
A mystery
Fefe keeps staring...
My dad gave me a list of rules for college. I wish I had followed them Part 1
Pig Pig Trouble! Part 1
It’s just a dream....
The old video game
The monkey keeps staring
I am cursed
I Got Kicked Out of College and Now I Live in a Haunted House (Part 1)
Don't go out.
i need someoens help
Across the River Rests
My Animal Crossing game is Glitched?
Love in the Time of Corona
I’m the Last Person on Earth
My little sister’s new friend.
I'm Babysitting Black-Eyed Children (Part 2)
Everyone in my neighborhood plants a corpse in their backyard. You do not defy the soil [Part 3]
Porcelain
Third Time's a Harm
Eight Ways to Paradise: The Final Seal (part 1)
I’m the Last Person on Earth
I took my dog camping and he hasn’t been the same since
I took my dog camping and he hasn't been the same since
Do some research?!?!
It Called To Me, Part Two
I Am An Officer In A Town Far From Society In Argentina (PART 3)
The Glint In the Corner of His Eye
Sense quarantine I've noticed some things about my house......
I Am An Officer In A Town Far From Society In Argentina (PART 3)
The Dead Jungle Incident
Last night I let my dog out, but something else came in.
I took up some sort of mystery job. What I saw when I walked through the building door shocked me.
7 rules for surviving The Crack
I was followed home one night and got a tape the next morning
Don't go looking for the door... or you'll find it (Part 16)
i am a prisoner at a special security prison, i have been recently let out of parole.
my friend told me a scary story 10 years ago, it still haunts me to this day
I Signed up for a Sleep Study and I don't know when it'll End (Part 2)
I was followed home; a DVD was sent to me the next morning
Like ClockworkBedbugs
I need a slave to be owned personally by me
I Am An Officer In A Town Far From Society In Argentina (PART 3)
Ejecutor de la Luz - One Night Stand
I Signed up for a Sleep Study and I don't know when it'll End (Part 2)
The Alaskan Triangle [Part 2]
The Wave PT1
Last night I let my dog outside, but something else came back in. (Part 1)
I started to work as a Security guard On a Mechanical Factory And There are some Strange Rules I have to follow
The Wave, Part One. (sorry for being a bad author)
So I started to work as a Night guard At a Mechanical Factory And There are some Strange Rules I have to follow
Buyer's Remorse
When I came across myself
Beast in the Park
The Wave. PART ONE
My Dog Knows Something About My Family That I Don't
I felt the fucking creeps, just now
YOU LIVE IN A SIM MOFOS!
It won't go away.
My daughter's high school performance went horribly wrong. And the worst night of our entire lives followed. Part 2 | FINALE
30 Years Ago I Found a Body, Now I Need Some Advice
It Called To Me, Part One
i'm being watched at night
I am home alone and I am hearing screams.
I ruined my life trying to make new friends
I Woke Up and Everything Has Changed
The voices wont stop following me. its been 3 days. part (1)
Camila
Between the Boxes - Sour Grapes
Broke up with wife, started getting spiritual, my body was taken over by a spirit or something. This happened 8 years ago. Shit.
My mom sent me some old home videos for my birthday. The fragments of a fractured past are reassembling.
I have seen the creation of life through the blood.
I went to spread my wife's ashes in the woods, but that's not why she wanted me there
The Aura Room
My town has an old nursery rhyme called LICKETYSPLIT. The verses are hiding something.
Guacamole nigga penis
I Am An Officer In A Town Far From Society In Argentina (PART 2)
Looking for a story about an insatiable Indian deity
I saw Her with my own eyes, and She is real.
Why I quit being a psychologist
Aliens in my toilet
I am an officer in a town far from society in Argentina (PART 2)
Every Neighborhood Has A Crazy Person, Mine Just Happened To Like Cats
If I'm Not On the Road, "The Rules of the Road" Can't Get Me
I Am An Officer In A Town Far From Society In Argentina (PART 2)
Someone is stalking me and now i'm scared for my life...
I’m a Hospice Nurse on the Reservation. My patients have secrets and they will haunt you. Third update.
She has Webs for eyes
I Am An Officer In A Town Far From Society In Argentina (PART 2)
Something touched me inappropriately
The Trailer Across the Street (2)
I found a diary from the late ‘70’s in the crawlspace of my new house. I’m worried this kid was really seeing something. I’m not sure what to do. 1st entry included.
The trailer across the street
v a n t a b l a c k
Play games amid Lockdown
Play games amid Lockdown
There’s Another House Beneath Our Basement
I am right, I am. Believe me, please. I don’t have much time left...
The Tower
Floor 13: Forget-Me-Not
What lurks in the forest
Im scared to sleep and here's why
For Love: An Original Short Story
The Knock at the Door
For Love:An Original Short Story
For Love: An Original Short Story
I got a Security Guard Position at an Amusement Park with my friends. We shouldn't have applied...
For Love
I walk through other peoples dreams when I sleep. An inhuman creature is now pursuing me across your subconscious, please wake up!
I enter other peoples dreams when I sleep. An arenaceous being is now pursing me through your subconscious, please wake up!
I'm worried about my husband.
I never found out what his favorite number was
I Woke Up and Everything Has Changed
I Woke Up and Everything Has Changed
I Woke Up and Everything Was Dark (Part 1)
I survived a chainsaw massacre
Immortality has a price
I had to sleep in a room that was so cold I had to keep the heat on during the summer.
The Woman In The Basement
Immortality has a price
My prison cellmate told me his terrible story... has anyone else heard of The Night-Night Guy?
I had a chance to have a little chat with an embalmer.
Welcome to Endscreek [2]
Why are their eyes glowing
My friend's potato cellar
Artificial Intelligence Gives Details On The Death Of Game Developer
Bloody Bones
I bought a house in a small rural village that has 3 rules
I took up a job I shouldn't have. Now I can't quit. *Part 2*
He just wanted to talk.
3:03 AM
Peeping Tom
weddings are not just for humans...
Baseball Cap
The Shadow Stalker
The Umbrella Room [Part 1]
The thing that followed me...
dream
People Think I'm A Serial Killer. It's Far Worse Than That. Part 9
The Twilight Zone After MidnightMy dog found something in the woods, now it won’t leave us alone.
My tiny town just got put on lock down - part seven
My tiny town just got put on lock down - part seven
The Sandman took my right eye. Now, he’s back for the other one.
The CDC is hiding something from you all
Loretta Jane disappeared three months ago. Lately her face has been appearing in random places and I don't know why. [1]
Whatever Happened to Emily
Three, two, one...
I Live in a Strange Southern Town (pt.1)
The Late Night Call
Dearest Brother
What’s behind me!
I Am An Officer In A Town Far From Society In Argentina (PART 1)
Unnus Annus 3 scary stories
Unnus Annus scary story
This is it
The beginning.
This is it
I am a policeman in a town far from society in Argentina (PART 1)
Footsteps
Pizza boy scare time
Footsteps
Unnus Annus scary story
My student died and everytime I see her, somebody I know dies.
Do not conspire against the ones above, they simply wish to control you. (1/?)
The Death Jungle
They were ember sparks, not fireflies.
We are now at full capacity.
I'm Babysitting Black-Eyed Children
Tales From A lonely Motel 7
Exciting an electron in one place/death of Innocence
My college sorority is different. – Multiplier and Jeanne
I tried to help Samson
His house is Haunted
My grandparent's cat
mum, the mice are making noise again.
Unforgiven
Have a story ?
No people were harmed in the making of this film. [Part 3]
8 years ago my elementary school had a lockdown drill... no one came out the same.
Pop Goes The Weasel
I took a well-paying job as a nightguard for a vacation home. I received an interesting set of rules.
I Signed up for a Sleep Study and I don't know when it'll End (Part 1)
The Panda Man
I just wish that something scary would happen.
My dog learned how to speak. He’s told me some unsettling things…
I got the worst possible version of Super Smash Bros Ultimate for Christmas.
The happiest place on earth is dying
I took a well-paying job working as a nightguard. I was given an interesting set of rules.
My camera is possessed
I was hunted in slab city
The Alaskan Triangle.
Something touched me inappropriately
The members of my new book club like to collect strange tales: Cassie's choice keeps me up at night
Beast in the park
If I'm Not On The Road, "The Rules of The Road" Can't Get Me
If I'm Not On The Road, The "Rules of the Road" Can't Get Me
Something touched me inappropriately
Someone has been filming movies in my house
I slept with Ted Bundy's ghost?!'
Don't go looking for the door... or you'll find it (Part 15)
A Sinister Smile.
A red mist surrounded my town and now everybody is going insane Part 2
My dog found something in the woods, and now it won’t leave us alone
My daughter's high school performance went horribly wrong. And the worst night of our entire lives followed.
Still have to go back to the future
Tell more creepiest paranormal experiences
My dog found something in the woods, now it won’t leave us alone
What happened on December 30th? Part I
The Winter Cannibal
My Late Father Left Me Everything
The Woodsman - I
I stayed up late one night and saw the strangest TV ad
As I Lay Part Two
I’m an exotic animal dealer and I sell things that you didn’t know existed: The story of Arthur’s flask
The Figure and Other Encounters
237: A Night on Crowd Road - Part 2
The Figure and Other Encounters (True Story, I Promise!)
I deliver food to self isolating houses, and I have to get this off my chest. Part 2.
When Evil Calls
This morning I received an email from the future
It Pulls You Down. Part Five.
I found got an email from the future
I met some horrifying creatures in the psych ward
My motel room has a strange set of rules....
I found a Furby in a swamp. What it had to say disturbed me. Part 3.
Tales From A Lonely Motel Part 6
The Demon at the Door
The Island
I have to relive my car accident, over and over again.
I’m a Hospice Nurse on the Reservation. My patients have secrets and they will haunt you. Second update.
What Washed Ashore: Part 2
Fear of the Unknown
I live in a house in the woods
Can't see Reddit
I’m the new diving supervisor of my police department. I went for a routine body recovery dive last night, but ended up finding something that I can't explain at the bottom of the local lake. [1]
Thou'rt Thine Own Bane
The Watcher
The black van that speeded off.
The BugI have a Greek god who follows me everywhere. He says he was rejected from the pantheon. [Part 2]
The Visits
Body Glitching Out #37
My mom sent me some old home videos for my birthday. I don't think I'll ever get my life back.
Baluster Cave
Mirror Mirror on the wall, where in the fuck has my reflection gone??
Starting A Horror Web Series
My dad and I heard screaming in the woods. Now, it's coming for me.
The Dead Jungle Incident
Encounters and Oddities of the Deep South: Always Watching from the Shadows
I saw mother nature.
Something keeps showing up behind my classmate in our online meetings?
Sleep Paralysis? Nightmare? Lucid Dream?
The Night I Think Someone Was In My House
Floor 12: What Does the Future Hold?
I Found a Hidden VHS Tape
I Had a Nightmare
She Wont Stop Moaning!
mum the mice are making noise again
I saw her jump off the cliff and did nothing. Now she wants me to jump with her.
Weird things have been happening. (Post 1.)
The Scratching
If one of those bottles should happen to fall
Rules Of Being A Deep-Sea Explorer: Rule #1: Don't Venture Too Close To The Shipwrecks
Welcome to Endscreek [1]
Welp, i don't remember much because it was a very long time ago but im gonna try to retell the story of how a Djinn ruined a night for me when i was 13 years old, this is not fake.
Crowden (Part 1)
Crowden (mini-series)
I am an urban explorer and the paranormal is everywhere.
Crowden (mini-series)
Crowden (mini-series)
If you hear a banging noise from your wardrobe or closet get out of the house immediately
I'm an Arms Dealer and I Met Death, in Person
I Found Something I Shouldn't Have In An Old Tunnel System
The order of the nine angles
how to lose your mind
I Thought it was a Fever
I thought I was sick
I know you can hear me. Yes, I am speaking from in the wall.
Don’t Peak, For He Will See You
I am a professional voyeur [3] [Final]
There’s someone watching me
i am in quarantine with my family. everybody is going insane and i think someone is going to die soon. part 1
Don’t Peak, For He Will See You
Students at my School Went Missing. I Found Out Why.
People Think I'm A Serial Killer. It's Far Worse Than That. Part 8
I met someone holding a broken red umbrella on a rainy night.
My tiny town just got put on lock down - part six
Don’t Peak, For He Will See You
The Koresh Part 2 (Final)
Demon saint
I work in a fire watch tower, and the mist is coming
Exploding head syndrome
cool
I keep seeing things when time pauses at 2:22.
How to Survive Camping: Rule #9 - the lady in chains
::OPSCENUS&lt;//
The textures are gone here.
The man on the wall p1
As a Child, I Was Never Alone in my Room
Mummys other friends
My experience with the Silent Killer
mummys other friends
Something just creepy happened to me and now i'm running...
Mummys other friends
I've lived with my parents in an RV for 18 years. The things we've done are not in any travel book. [Part 2]
Some rooms were never meant to be discovered.
There’s a hole in my childhood, and I don’t know why... p2
The Delivery - Part 1
He Who Smiles
Digital Disaster
I like Cake
Why every thing stopped making sense
""::opscenusOPSCENUS??////
Kinda scared now
Dear Wendy,
For Whom The Bell Tolls?
For the love of God, follow the rules of Raven Airways.
For the love of God, follow the rules of Raven Airways.
Tap, tap, tap...
John and Jess Blake
Paranormal Stuff Occurring Ghost Demon Alien?
My name is OP and I have a remarkable pair of testicles.
Nothing unusual here, just a bloody ship in the water.
Edward, the Garbage Man
The whisperer (long story)
Do you know the mildew man?
No people were harmed in the making of this film. [Part 2]
Donny and Margaret were once great friends.
I have a cat called Joan.
Last time I saw a portable morgue unit was in vienam
Haunted House
I have a question.
The city beneath the sea
The Dealership Near a Dairy Queen
I think I'm losing my mind
A leap of faith PART FOUR (4)
A leap of faith PART FOUR (4)
hello fence. can you hear me?
I found a cursed album on the dark web. TRACK 2 taught me about the power of words.(Unus Annus) Idk how I can still remember this, but it still sends chills (real story).
If we misbehaved as children we had to stand in the shed. Something else stood with us.
As I Lay Part II
Someone has been posting the details of my night terrors online
Some things I can't explain that happened in my old house
First it was my dreams, now its the shadows.
I don't think I'll go hunting anymore
My Bad Neighbor
The dog at my bed
I thought it was normal,
The dog at my bed
I played a few games with my friend today, and now an online account is stalking my friend.
Here's a little story for you to read.
Don't go looking for the door... or you'll find it (Part 14)
The Homeowners Association | Part II
Walking Without Light - Part 2
I rasied the dead when I was nine. My family was gone within a year
what the knew world order is
Part One Of "As I Lay"
A red mist surrounded my town and now everybody is going insane Part 2
Don't Try to Find us, You'll be Stuck Here Too
I tried to be a creepypasta narrator.
Connection Paradox
The strange life of an American teenager. Part one. “The cock snatcher!”
237: A Night on Crowd Road - Part 1
A red mist surrounded my town and now everybody is going insane
SECRETS a short story
The Tree Full of Bones
They Came to Collect
The tale of something disturbing at my Park ranger job.
Jadwiga's House - Maude (Part 2)
I Think Someone is Stealing my Self Control (Part 1)
When I think about telling ghost stories, I think about sitting around a campfire, roasting marshmallows, telling spooky tales with a torch under my chin before retiring to my tent for the night. Despite the fact that that isn’t an activity I’ve ever taken part in, ever, it just feels like the perfe
I think someone is stealing my Self Control. (First)
I'm a thriller writer now
I Think Someone is Stealing my Self Control [First Log]
Send Help
I wanted to share some journal entries that are newly disclosed
Almost got kidnapped
Late night run
I was almost kidnapped
The reason I never run in the dark or alone anymore.
Jared's writings
Jadwiga's house - Maude (Part 2)
It came from the mines (Part 5)
Jared's writings
The Girl Of My Dreams Started Living With Me And Now I Don't Know What To Do
What Washed Ashore: Part 1
Im a Hospice Nurse on the Reservation. My patients have secrets and they will haunt you. Update.
My dog always plays dead when I walk in the room. This time, he didn't wake up.
The Lady of My Dreams [Part 3]
The Lady of My Dreams [Part 3, End]
Rule 1: Always lock your house up when the sun goes down
Happiville
There’s a hole in my childhood, and I don’t know why... p2
The Stikini: Part II
The Stikini (Part II)
Introduction
STUDENT SAFETY
It came from the mines (Part 5 - Final)
The Government Built a Fence Around the Forest in my Backyard
A mist surrounded my town and now everybody is going insane Part 2
This is a very true story
It’s always hungry , no matter what.
Porn live-cam turned out to be something sinister
Laughing Man
I am an Arms dealer and I met Death, in person.
I have a Greek god who follows me everywhere. He says he was rejected from the pantheon.
My Brother and I Were Excited to Live on Baba’s Farm for The Summer, But We Didn’t Know What Awaited Us
I'm an arms dealer, and I've met Death, in person.
the knew world order is a lie
Sometimes Daddy hits Mommy
Don't Read the Book
Encounters and Oddities of the Deep South: Those that Stalk the Fields.
Stop Telling Your Children Not To Be Afraid Of The Dark
Walking Without Light - Part 2
The door ep.1
DO NOT GO TO ANNY DETETION CENTER
My Boyfriend and I
My Boyfriend and I
My Boyfriend and I
Has anyone heard of The Purgatory Game?
I Received An Email From A Friend Who Went Missing A Month Ago In Japan's Dragon Triangle
The window watcher
What’s behind your ear?
One Love *read blurb first please*
Ok, This is a small thing I wrote a couple years back and thought I'd put up
Affliction
The Great Bird of Midnight
2:57 A Lyft Ride from Hell
The window watcher
I Spent A Year At A Community College, I Regret It
31-03-2120 (entry #0)
Fear of the Unknown
Fear of the unknown
I Live in the House of Burning Cats - My Confession
A notice.
My Creepy Haunted Poster
There’s an urban legend in London about a cursed karaoke song … I think it might be real [Part 2] Final
At first it was the dreams, now it's the shadows. NSFWA Bad Trip
A Bad Trip
The Trees are Alive and They're Trying to Get Inside My House
If you hear a banging noise from your wardrobe or closet get out of the house immediately
Do not open the DREAM BOX
Me and my five year old son only stayed in our new house for 12 hours.
Floor 11: The Name-Eater
The Do-over
Take me to church
People Think I'm A Serial Killer. It's Far Worse Than That. Part 7
Sky Turtle Tours ch3
HERBAL FORMULA HSV
My tiny town just got put on lock down - part five
I switched phones with a stranger at the coffee shop Pt2
My tiny town just got put on lock down - part five
I switched phones with a stranger at a coffee shop Pt2
Out of body?
The Haunting
The Pipe Game - Part 1
How soon till we see facials masks in movies and series?
Five Years
Five Years part 1
It was just supposed to be a normal camping trip
Well this is awkward...
The Stickfigure : The Unhealthy Beginning
Laughing Man
Crave 2 (PART 2)
The haunting
We only have Five Years. Part 1
It was just supposed to be a normal camping trip
I know you are reading this
I saw something in the waves. I hope I was dreaming..
A Friendly Warning
It Called To Me, Part One
The time me and my friends went to the forest, changed us for good
Young Girl Caught On Digital Camera
I deliver food to self isolating houses, and I have to get this off my chest.
I know you are reading this
So i've been hearing weird banging on my door lately
Hunger.
The Black Wolf
I've met this random guy in Facebook years ago, but returned and almost put my life in danger
The strangest poker face I had ever seen
My parents raised me in an RV for 18 years. These are some of the things that aren't on maps.
I was almost taken by Sack Man when I was a child
I work in a floral shop where a customer brought in a plant I don’t think is from this earth.
Looking for an answer.
Anti_background_path.exe
I Moved in With a Friend Who Went Missing for Five Years
I have a re-occurring nightmare.
There’s a hole in my childhood, and I don’t know why...
I was almost taken by Sack Man
Then Uninvited Villager..
Unknown calls
Unknown phone calls
The Sewer Mermaid
Tales From A Bored High-School Student - Entry #2 [Part 2] - Curses, Dreams, And Talking Cotton Candy
I wish I never moved here
Do You Believe In Dream Eaters?
The Equine Observations of Alice Telling
I found a cursed album on the dark web. TRACK 1 taught me that the screams of the damned can be beautiful.
who opened the door?
If You Ever See a White Horse in a Swamp, Run
The Deadly Desert of Arabia 1. PART THREE (3)
There’s an urban legend in London about a cursed karaoke song … I think it might be real [Part 2 Final]
The Diaries of a Dying Man
The Monster That Dwells In the Bog.
There’s an urban legend in London about a cursed karaoke song … I think it might be real [Part 2 – Final]
The Leprechaun
The Snow In Summer
The Diaries of a Dying man
The Diaries of a Dying Man
I played video-games with a "child" from The Third Reich
Creepy Kratts
Don't go looking for the door... or you'll find it (Part 13)
Walking Without Light - Part 2
The new next door neighbour
Don't go looking for the door... or you'll find it (Part Thirteen)
Walking Without Light - Part 1
We never should have tried to break into Mrs. Hudson's garage. [FINAL]
The Snow In The Summer
I DONT KNOW HOW TO SPELL ESCAEPPED
I woke up trapped in my house. I thought I was alone but something's here with me. There are ways to avoid Them but I don't know how much longer I can last.
Don't go looking for the door... or you'll find it (Part Thirteen)
Yandere Simulator problem
My Friend Sent Me These Emails the Day He Died
Jadwiga's House
My Nightmare
Mind Games
The Equine Observations of Alice Telling
Peri: An Introduction to American Djinn
My mom sent me some old home videos for my birthday, and now I'm running for my life
A childhood experience showed me the truth about our reality (PART 1)
Rude Awakening
YouTube
A Childhood Memory with Mr. Longears.....
THE MAN BESIDE MY BED
The white face in the window
I have a crazy imagination
I am from the year 2037 and the future is dark.We never should have tried to break into Mrs. Hudson's garage. [PART 6 - FINAL]
I Wish We Never Took Our Trip To The Mountains
The Diamond Prospectors Part 5
When the lights dim
The universally acclaimed time travel film, ‘Back To The Future’ may contain subliminal warnings for the September Eleventh Terrorist Attacks.
The Barn in the Woods
why you should never have shelves in your house...
We all felt her existence in a way, but we never quite believed she was real until it was too late [1]
I ordered a Red Magic book, this led to the military quarantine of Louisiana.
The Lady of My Dreams [Part 2]
I Found Something Scary In The Mountain (Part 1)
Mother
Mother
I joined a support group that promised to "cure" me of my phobia. Alec is the last one to share. [Final]
Simon
the thing under my covers keeps waking me up..
VHS tape
I shoplifted a pack of tic tacs but it ended up costing me far more than money
I’m a Hospice Nurse on the Reservation. My patients have secrets and they will haunt you.
My college sorority is different. – Tough love
I'll be fine
The afraid demon
My tiny town just got put in lock down - part five
The Black Wolf Creepypasta
I am traveling with a possessed cat named Jenkins. It is searching for Madam Luna's crystal ball.
A Spinning Wheel of Stars
The static noise you hear in complete silence is not the brain's defense from the call of something sinister.
The curse of the Pharaohs Do you think that it is real or imagination?
The school shooting.
The school shooting.
Something won't let me sleep. I think it's mad at me.
У вас было то-чувство что вы не знали что вам делать, но вы нашли выход. Какие это ситуации?
Don't follow voices calling you from the woods
NoSleep Interview featuring spookyChorror!
The Delivery (Part 1)
The love letters
I started to belive in demons. I feel more power upon me as following
The opposite place
Sleep support group
I am a professional voyeur [2]
Maybe not transferring universities but I will be changing roommates
The Hanging Tree
Skinwalker
Something I can't forget in a million years..
The Ringtone
The Hanging Tree
Responsible
Looking for Creepy Plastic Ken Doll Story
Something creepy that happened to me in Animal Crossing
What Woke Us Up?
Something creepy that happened to me in Animal Crossing
My killer thoughts driven me crazy so much, it made me do sadistic things unintentionally.. And i regretted it
What if they were carnavores?
My killer thoughts driven me crazy so much, it made me do sadistic things unintentionally. And i regretted it..
I think self-isolation is messing with my sister?
Mermaids Aren't What You Think They Are
My obsession to killer thoughts driven me crazy so much it made me do sadistic thoughts unintentionally.. And i regretred it
Mermaids Aren't What You Think They Are(Re-uploaded)
My Amber
I've been having killer thoughts so much it driven me crazy and do sadistic things unintentionally.. And i regretted it.
People Think I'm A Serial Killer. It's Far Worse Than That. Part 6
She loves Monday’s..
My Sister was an ISIS Bride (Part Twelve)
She wanted to play a game
I've been having sadistic thoughts in my mind so much, i unintentionally do horrible things around me.. And i regretted it.
Camp Spirit
The afterlife.
Fix me.
My tiny town just got put on lock down - Part Four
[PART 1] The Orphanage in the Woods: The Apple Tree
I shouldn’t have gone back to the woods [part 1]
Insanity
There's Something Wrong With The Other People On My Bus [Part 3]
Not everyone is who they portray
Mosquitoes
Not everyone is who they portray.
Me and my friend are being hunted
The Thing in the Corner of the Room Part 1
There's a train station beyond the end of the line. I wish I hadn't found it.
No Regrets
help me
Quebec Snowstorm of '98
grandfather, 3:00.
I'm sailing solo from San Diego to Hawaii. A diver has been stalking me the entire way...
Quantum Quarantine
No people were harmed in the making of this film. [Part 1]
Cult 11
Crave 2 (PART 2)
Crave 2 (PART 1)
I've been listening to laugh tracks lately.
I'm Not Sure if I'm Ever Going to Make It Down From This Mountain
I Know What's at the Bottom of the Ocean
[FICTION] Cult 11
The world is ending and now I need to survive (part 1)
The dreams came back
Dead Children’s Playground [Part 2]
has this ever happened to you?
Yhifir
Here is Why You Should Really Stay Home During the Coronavirus Outbreak
Circus ShowDid it follow us or did we invite it...
The old mirror(Part 1)
Did it follow us?
grandfather 3:00
Retribution
My and my friends unleashed a monster on our town
I've been awake for 3 days straight now.
I’ve been stuck in an amusement part for 8 years
3:00
The Screaming Man🗣
What Happens in Thailand Doesn't Always Stay in Thailand or the Story of How I Got the Worst Itch of My Life
Where it all began...
There are old fallout tunnels that run underneath my town (Part 5)
The Devil's Creek Incident
My cousin literally has a monster inside of him
Where it all began...
My cousin literally has a monster inside of him
Mr. Happy
The Truth about Mr H
Where it all began...
Where it all began...
How me and my brother found Dead Mips. (Mario 64 Creepypasta)
My village hosts a festival every year called The Gale, why can’t I remember what happens.
Spooning
My plane crashed on a deserted island. Somethings going on. Pt 1
Tapping
Well here is a horror story
Mr. Long-Arms
When they cry
When they cry
When they cry
Budsturga's Debt: Final
I work at a small sandwich shop- and I really wish I didn’t.
Don't go looking for the door... or you'll find it (Part Twelve)
The Lady of My Dreams
I joined a support group that promised to "cure" me of my phobia. It's my turn to share. [7]
I work at a small sandwich shop- and I really wish I didn’t.
Story Idea.
We never should have tried to break into Mrs. Hudson's garage. [PART 5]
Everyone guys!
The Screaming Man🗣
It came from the mines (Part 4)
The Night Never Sleeps
My new dog definitely isn’t a dog
My new dog definitely isn’t a dog
I don’t think my new dog is actually a dog
IF THESE WALLS
The doorway in the desert
Best of 2019 Voting Thread
Someone’s not normal
Think twice before entering r/nosleep.
I think a ghost has been following me since i was younger.
Today was my first day of my job, I regret working there
How to Run a Successful Bakery
Happened around 4:51
I see things that others don't,
Aftertaste
Childhood monsters
My Dad Talked To The Grand Piano
Strange car driving slowly on my street, with yellow amber light.
a omegle chat that i wish i never say
The clown knocked on my window
The Legend Of The Faceless Woman
Battle Cat
This is When the Rain Starts
The End is at Hand
My Doll Sally
I've been listening to laugh tracks lately.
The Richter Hotel (Update 2) The Snow Princess
Haunted Corn Maze
Something happened in my town that scarred me
I got a job as a night guard at a paranormal museum for 6 hours and what I say there will haunt me for my whole life
hey, does anyone here know what story this is? I’ve been looking for the name everywhere, but can’t find it
My town hides a dangerous secret.
Half Memories, Random Connections? What is it?
I Know What's at the Bottom of the Ocean
I used to get love letters tucked inside fortune cookies.
Mermaids Aren't What You Think They Are
I shouldn't have done that...
Rainy days.
People Think I'm A Serial Killer. It's Far Worse Than That. Part 5
My name is Sam. Don't come for me. Part 2: Life without my right hand.
A Message: You're Like Me, and You Should Be Afraid
I found something strange in the woods by my house, and I need help. (Part 2)
I keep having nightmares of my close friends dying.
I Heard A Strange Broadcast From an Abandoned Radio Station
My Father Was A Murderer
The Mountain Creatures
The Mirrors Scare Me and They Should Scare You Too
Everyone in my neighborhood plants a corpse in their backyard. You do not defy the soil. [Part 2]
I took part in a modern Witch Hunt pt 1
Quarantine has turned our roommate into something, and we're stuck inside with it.
My tiny town just got put on lock down - part three
My name is Zoe Hernandez and I just woke up from a terrible car accident
Quarantine has turned our roommate into something, and we're stuck inside with it.
information in a flash
The Dark Watchers
I was held at gunpoint for a strange reason at a strange time
Stuff. Corp
The Black WolfSomebody wants to kill me but he didn’t
The Wolfman of Black Lake
I’m a truck driver that transports stuff from hell up to earth.
I've been crying about this for days.
That was a really cold night
My family has a tortoise that produces a tarot card for every member born. Today, we brought the cycle to an end. (FINAL)
Some yokai has jokes
I Should Have Paid Attention to the Weird Kid in my Dorm
I found a postcard that was possessed by a powerful demon/entity. It the most sinister thing to happen to me.
Help finding a post on here??
Just a test
This is just a test to see if I can post
I Should Have Paid Attention to the Weird Kid in my Doem
I need help, I think someone is trying to kill me. I don't have any clue who this person is.
Everyone’s a God- We Just Don’t Know It
The Screaming Man
The word that keep me up at night
Dead Children’s Playground
I’m stranded on Mars Part 2 (Ending)
Why do I feel so guilty about something I can't control? I can't sleep for days thinking about something that happened years ago. Why does this faded memory suddenly haunt me now?
I’m stranded on Mars Part 1
2:41 am
Klaxonavia the city that goes unnoticed.
BLOODY HOME
Klaxonavia The City of Dreams
I went to a museum, i never want to go back again.
BLOODY HOME
Please help me, a struggling student
Hallowed Ground ~ Part IV
The man in red
Are you dreaming?
An Unusual Occurrence; Part One
There is a town named Ferewey that grants the most wicked wishes.
The Light Night
How to Gain Whatever you Choose
The Television of Babel
Stories from a line cook, fresh meat.
Frostbite
The Television of Babel
Man dressed as Indian squatting on the end of my bed, I kid you not!
My Friend Vanessa
Something strange is happening in this village (part 2)
My Dreams Predict The Future
Night Journal Day 1
I work for NASA and there's missions to Mars that have been kept from us
Tentacles🦑
I've Been Offered 100k to Stand in a Room. Alone. They Gave Me a Laptop.
The duvet that can protect you from anything
The Man Who Followed...
Nobody checks the storm drain.
Fireflies
The Billy
I shouldn’t have been alone in there
An Eye for Why?
A pedophile messed me up as a kid and now he returned to my life a few years past.
A pedophile returned to my life after a few years
Midnight Showing
True Scary experiences at my school
Midnight Showing (Part1?)
My Stepdad Raped Me. PART 1
Insomnia is treatable, in six weeks, without sleeping pills
Insomnia is treatable, in six weeks, without sleeping pills.
Insomnia is treatable, in six weeks, without sleeping pills
I Moved Into The Cat Lady's House
Scariest thing to wake up to...
Your Own Personal Hell
Mother
The man on the street (chapter 2 coming soon)
Marid: An Introduction to American Djinn
We never should have tried to break into Mrs. Hudson's garage. [PART 4]
I work a night shift as a farm hand - and my manager left a strange set of rules.
I’d never picked up a hitchhiker before. After last night, I never will again.
I'm a mountian climbing guide. Last year 4 group members had 'unexplained' deaths...
Scariest thing to wake up to... (TRUE story)
A Short Term Relationship
Depression &amp; insomnia
Night terrors
Nightmares
A red mist surrounded my town and now everybody is going insane
Short Read about the near future
The creature in the woods
A Man in the Distance
Weird evil thing followed me around for a while
🇲​🇾​ 🇸​🇺​🇲​🇲​🇪​🇷​ 🇯​🇴​🇧​.
My first time here so ill give it a shit
Time keeps erasing
An Eye for ..why?
Mr. Motorbike
My Grandmother's experience with The Suffering. Part 1.
My best friend may have dreamed something into reality...
Battle Cat (short story)
The Rainy Days In Our Apartment
Thanks to one single pill, I never have to sleep again.
I saw something in the forest and my friends are gone
I have no idea if what I am about to say here is public or not at this point I don't really care
Me and my friends awokened a monster on our town
Thy reflection
Honey
An Offering
15 minutes.The Houston Files: Hoax or fact Finale
Our New Home
[Philosophical Fiction] Incessance: proving the existence of a purely mental realm through the logic of the body (PDF)
Bathroom Trouble
It All Started With A Noise
People Think I'm A Serial Killer. It's Far Worse Than That. Part 4
It All Started With A Noise (Part 2)
The bunker
It All Started With A Noise (Part 2)
A boy disappeared and came back. But it wasn't him.
The Enticing Building
It All Started With A Noise (Update pt. 2)
It All Started With A Noise (part 2)
It all started with a noise (part 2)
The Houston Files: Hoax or Fact? Finale
The Truth about Mr. H
Don't go looking for the door... or you'll find it (Part Eleven)
I’m a devout Catholic, this is a literal nightmare.
Your Own Personal Hell
We lost our friend (read the story)
My college sorority is different. – The suitable vessel
The Ant Mill
Farming Can Be Tough
Beware the Box
Bathroom Trouble
Tales from a Boston Police officer
Something unusual happened to me while getting high. I saw things that terrify me to this day.
Mr. GoAway.
I was driving down on an empty road...
I was driving down on an empty road...
I work as a Cop in Boston. The things I saw, keep me awake at night. (Part 1)
I am--or was--a Director of Air Traffic Operations for the FAA and, well, there's something worse than COVID-19 out there
My Roommate is a Haunted Doll: QUARANTINE EDITION
My mind in shrooms.
I'm a cop in Boston and the things I've seen keep me awake at night (Pt. 1)
My family has a tortoise that produces a tarot card for every member born. I think his latest card just predicted the end of the world.
Not Everyone has good intentions
People are starting to disappear - it happened again
Everyone in my neighborhood plants a corpse in their backyard. You do not defy the soil.
This Greyhound bus hasn’t stopped for days. Part 2
alright ima do it, DARUMA SAN RITUAL
The Horror in the Hotel
Shōkan On'na (Original Story)
I loved my girlfriend, so i had to do what is best for us.
am I in hell?
My Hometown has Rules: Rule 5
Tales from a Boston Police Officer pt. 1
Barney's Transformation
I took a job as a retail worker in a small town. These rules are no joke. (Part 2)
I found a Furby in a swamp. What it had to say disturbed me. Part 2.
The thing that watched me in my slumber.
Marid: An Introduction to American Djinn
The Top of The World
My Sleep Paralysis Encounter
I've Drunk The Devil's Booze, Here's What I Can Tell You About It
The Evil in the Claremont Hotel
I'm hiding in one of the closets in my school. Everyone is about to die.
My horror stories
I took a job as a retail worker in a small town. These rules are no joke. (Part 2)
I used to to see hooded figures in my dreams, they are back.
I took a job as a retail worker in a small town. These rules are no joke. (Part 2)
Lemonade [Final]
A reminder to all you campers out there that there are other things in the woods too
Something is very wrong with my bathtub drain, Part III
Heidi
I’m slowly going insane after seeing something outside my window
My best friend got a severed head for his eleventh birthday
BLOODY HOME
CHIP NUMBER 666 TO BE IMPLANTED
I saw Her in the woods, and She was freaking terrifying
"The Strangest Dream"
I took a job as a retail worker in a small town. These rules are no joke. (Part 2)
I woke up in a strange place.
We Had to Make a Few Changes for Grandma's Funeral, Necessary Changes
Number 43
I Lost My Virginity to My Girlfriend, It Turned Me into a Monster. Part 17, Finale
I found a camera
Why I killed your Mother.
Last night...(true story)
My tiny town just got put on lock down - part two
The Government Built a Fence Around the Forest in my Backyard
IPHONE VIRUS/GLITCH
My local news station keeps reporting missing people before they go missing
"Hola, Tipo."
We could've died
There’s an urban legend in London about a cursed karaoke song … I think it might be real [Part 1]
GTAFIVE.EXE
Cel mai buna comunitate despre lucruri creepy și interesante
Something strange is happening in this village
I woke up in a strange place™
The no faced guy
My antinatalist friend is somehow removing himself from reality
Don't go there
I've Just Moved into a New House - Something Isn't Right
Listen to those Lyrics
I'm an angel that been stationed at Earth for 10 years.
I work as an undertaker and burying bodies is the easiest thing I have to do.
I'm hiding in one of the closets in my school. Everyone is about to die. Help.
I didn't obey the rules. Now I am trapped and it's 11 PM.
I work as an undertaker and burying bodies is the easiest thing I have to do.Dark web Escape room (Part one)
I left my tampon in for way too long. But where is it?
Experiment 1563
We never should have tried to break into Mrs. Hudson's garage. [PART 3]
March 2020 Winners!
The night I couldn't sleep
What’s your scary “this stays between us” story?
The night I couldn't sleep
I administered lethal injections for the state. This is the man who made me quit.
I woke up in a strange place
She dosen't like to be disturbed
THE TRUMPETS OF THE APOCALYPSE
I Tracked down a Kidnapper, She serves the Horseman of War (Final)
Log #1 where am i? Where did this book come from?
My mother truly scared me today.
My old best friend is a crazy serial killer. I'm his next victim.
Don't go there(first write)
I Accidentally Stayed In A Love Motel In Japan But I Won't Make That Mistake Again
I hate this place.
My mother really scared me today.
Pleasant View Church Is Back In Session
Ghul: An Introduction to American Djinn
Beware the Box
Beware the Box
Beware the Box
The Richter Hotel is Full of Weirdness
The Richter Hotel is Full of Weirdness
The Richter Hotel is Full of Weirdness
My friends and i nearly got eaten by a bunyip
I Met Karma Today
Recurring
Something Was In My Backyard. Now It's Entered My Dreams.
Bathroom Troubles
That big hole in our backyard (Part 2)
My name is Sam. Don't come for me.
She went with the creatures who lived in the shadows.
Eyes are popping up all over my body and there's no way to stop it now
She went with the creatures who lived in the shadows.
My local mall i work at had some pretty strange rules yesterday.
"The Strangest Dream"
One Night Stand
Oh Sweetheart
empty chair and open curtains
My Reflection is Waiting for Me
Failure to Commit Suicide
This story still haunts me, even today.
People Think I'm A Serial Killer. It's Far Worse Than That. Part 3
I Changed My Husband... And I think I Am Changing Now Too
My Insanity
My implant told me to do it (part 1)
Not So Playful Place
The Houston Files: Hoax or Fact? XI
I worked as the janitor of my community pool, I don't think I want to go back there.
A Farewell to Thee
In My Veins
I decided to play a video game disk in my CD player.
All The World's A Stage
Have you ever heard of Mimics?
“It’s not the house that is haunted”
My nightmares are all becoming real. I don’t know what to do. (1)
I joined the church of Hyperianism... Don’t make the same mistake
Never summon the spirit of Luscus Lucy
The Fork
I've been having some bad hallucinations in public...
Don't go looking for the door... or you'll find it (Part Ten)
Before.
I was invited to a wedding, the train I took had creepy rules
I can't sleep.
How to Survive Camping: the bad years
I woke up at 3pm
The Houston Files: Hoax or Fact? XI
I always ignored the unknown knocking on the basement door, when I finally went down there I was terrified. Part 1.
The Most Horrific Murder Case of My Career Just Won't End
NASA tried to trapped me in space because of what I saw...
Vicious Vignettes
The weight that crushed me
It happened in the river.
The cliff off the beaten path
The Pigeon Girl
Theres something in my mirror
My Grandpa Drowned Kittens (3) Final
My Journal - The Beginning, I guess
I am making a youtube channel and would love to be able to read some good scary stories.
An account of a hunter
Zozo
i work for a strange organization...
Elijah Down the Hall
The Ghost in My House
Mister Payne's Marketplace
Heading Towards The End Part Two
Society of the Divine Dragon, part 2
It wasn’t a dream
Codex Lazarus
My Mother and the Darkness - Part 2
I took a job as a retail worker in a small town. I came across some very odd rules. (Part 1)
A few weeks I overdosed (trigger warning)
Siren Head: Vietnam
A Guest No One Remembers: Watermelon, Thanksgiving, a Photograph
I Just Got A Job At A Hotel! Part 4
Head in the Sound (photo evidence)The Shroud from the Abyss.
Watermelon-Head in the Sound (picture evidence)
My college sorority is different. – The devourer
I've no reason to write
This Greyhound bus hasn’t stopped for days.
The Man in the Rainbow Colored Suit
A warning
A man gave me the antidote to love forever.
It All Started With A Noise
I’m an exotic animal dealer and I sell things that you didn’t know existed: My first big job as an apprentice.
Between the Boxes - The Eleventh Hour
Two-Faced
Lemonade [Part 2]
Somethings Wrong With My Grandmother And I Don't Know What
It all started with a noise
People are starting to disappear
The little girl in the window
The "fake" ghost
I work at a supermarket security guard but not for the reason you expect: The watcher and the phrase
New Development
I'm an FBI agent and a shape shifting cannibal is ruining my life. [Part 3] FINAL
My tiny town just got put on lockdown - part one
My tiny town just got put on lock down - part 1
There were loud noises over the Intercom Speaker,Now there are extinct creatures in my town Part 2
Lavender Town
The Story of Human Civilisation; A peek behind the curtain. *May be uncomfortable for some viewers*
I Changed My Husband... And Now I Might Be Changing Too
Meet Me Soon
When I was a kid the old lady down the street had a room full of old music boxes. If they played on their own when you walked into the room, they didn't like you.
Meet Me Soon
Rejoice, for He is coming!
I’ve been stuck in an amusement park for 8 years
Meet Me Soon
Meet Me Soon
Meet Me Soon
Waiting
Waiting
I Was Quarantined at a Chuck E Cheese - Part 2
My family has a tortoise that produces a tarot card for every member born. The horror isn't just in the new ones, it's in the old ones.
They call me the Best Ghost Hunter in England... this case was missing a ghost. FINAL PART
There's Something Wrong With The Other People On My Bus [Part 2]
The Hope Chest
I took my dog Noodles on a hike, but I'm not sure I brought the same dog back [Part 2]
The Operation
My Routine
Sigrid's Story - Part 1: A Chance Encounter at the Desert Star Roadside Diner
Black-eyed children looking at me through my window and standing on my porch
We never should have tried to break into Mrs. Hudson's garage. [PART 2]
I'm an angel that's been stationed at earth for 10 years
Automatonophobia and how I got it
The sports conspiracy from the 90's that was hidden in a Wii Sports disc
Being a good sport (A story about my used Wii)
The Things that go Bump in the night
Please stop creating new rules we're running out of them
There's something really off about my new girlfriend's family.
I'm a shapeshifter and I've been on the run for three years.
I Think There’s an Amusement Park in My Cellar
There is someone living in my closet
I am the lone survivor of a virus our military tested.
The Different Kid [Part 2]
The Different Kid [Part 2]
Dear Nintendo Two
Scary stories from a Railroader part 5
In the Woods (unfinished)
Think twice before entering r/nosleep.
My Mother and the Darkness Pt.2
Willy Wonka the Soul Snatcher
Please just tell Lisa I’m dead!
Heard chimes last night at 2 am.
I was the sole survivor of a summer camp massacre in the 80s. Tonight I go back there.
Lucid Dreams can be terrifying.
I look beautiful at my funeral
Every night I wake up he hears me.
I need answers
I am being followed by a lady we call Martha
I have been being followed by a demon since I was 9
The Forest In My Backyard
I Wasn’t Supposed to tell...
My boyfriend: the Antichrist
One Night Stand
Atomatonophobia and how I got it.
People Think I'm A Serial Killer. It's Far Worse Than That. Part 2
I now believe in curses.
Relaxing Music to Rest the Mind, Relax and Sleep - 2020 - Deep Relaxation
My high school ex-girlfriend has been following me for the past five years
A Mouse in the House
People Think I'm A Serial Killer. It's Far Worse Than That. Part 2
Automatonophobia and how I got it
The Slasher.
The camping trip
Not a story but rather a question.
Rules of the Forest and Grandmother's Reindeer
The Houston Files: Hoax or Fact X
I work as a clown. My new job seems interesting.
The Big Tome of Spells for a Happy Home
Something made people go missing 40 years ago. I was the one investigating it.
It's Not Just A Scary Clown Movie Part 1.
Doctor Who short horror story. - The Hospital of angels.
The Forsaken War Pt. 1: Discovery
My Hometown has Rules: Rule 4I was kidnapped when I was younger *TRIGGER WARNING*
Subject Ω
Andy
I had to get this off my chest
Working at an amusement park: Desiderium
I'm a horticulturist, but I'll never grow a plant again
My Mother and the Darkness
I wasn’t supposed to tell them this...
They looked like my daughters, but they were not my daughters
the test is a trick
A step by step guide to visiting a parallel dimension.
A Devil in the Daylight
People are starting to disappear
I changed my husband, and I fear at what cost.
The lady under the red blanket
Something is very wrong with my bathtub drain, Part II
They looked like my daughters, but they were not my daughters. Part two
Satanistim - witchcraft - sexism - Mind control psychatry- (and probably everything else wrong) the scale of the social engneering going on
When the God and Goddess align
My Grandpa Drowned Kittens (2)
Don't go looking for the door... or you'll find it (Part Nine)
Open statement
Creepy voicemail!
The statue
I got tricked into a pyramid scheme and now I’m having regrets.
My House is For Sale
The statue
The Door
I've Come Across a New Brand of Alcohol, Please Never Make My Mistake And Drink It. - It Will Ruin You
Red Ocean Red Sands
Grandville block
Getting icecream part 2
Tow Truck Driver: Need Advice
The Black Bars
The Night Creature
The figure in the dark
The Entity
Qid Pro Quarantine
I've been sent to work in deeper conditions than before, but everything inside of me is telling me to run
My dad found some strange journal entries from the 1980s about a classified program called Project AURORA.
Nergal Eupnea - Never Drink That, Even The Devil Can't Handle This Booze
I Just Got A Job At A Hotel! Part 3
Something is very wrong with my bathtub drain, Part II
Don't Go In The Basement
I Changed My Husband, And I Don't Know at What Cost
I'm investigating a shape shifting cannibal in Illinois. This case just got personal. [Part 2]
Madama Tousignon.
dont drink the water FINAL
How Quarantine Change My Husband
dont drink the water part 2
Entities reside in my parent's compound in the Philippines.
Always watching me part two.
I'm a leaker, but the document I'm disclosing is banned from Wiki Leaks (part three)
A Mother's Evil
Kimi
I have a story for those who will listen.
Happy lives
A Letter of Apology
My family has a tortoise that produces a tarot card for every member born. Lately, he's been producing ones that I don't recognise.
You can go to my profile and find my story there.
My Workplace is a front for something strange: Part 2
If you hear crying coming from the woods, Never follow it “4”
dont drink the water
The Different Kid [Part 1]
My door won't open. My windows won't break. I'm trapped and I'm scared.
I took my dog Noodles on a hike, but I'm not sure I brought the same dog back [Part 1]
That big hole in our backyard (Part 1)
Underghost
We never should have tried to break into Mrs. Hudson's garage. [PART 1]
I stayed in a haunted hotel room, I think the spirit is following me
There is something above the elevator that ate my co-worker.
I Lost My Eye But Finally Saw the Truth
Father Consuelo of the Cathedral of San Lorenzo
My closet talked to me
The Man
Thought Experiment
I learned to not go near something weird or else you will be engulfed in darkness
A Lucid Nightmare and Literally No Sleep...
A Lucid Nightmare...
I made a friend today.
I Met an Online Group [Part 1]
Why don’t you love me?
I made a friend today.
A journal of tragic tales. Part two
STORY FROM A FRIEND ALMOST DYING FROM INBREDS
I took up a job I shouldn't have. Now I can't quit
I'm a scientist who studies monsters in the field.
Old War Stories
Part 1.
True Story.
This wont stop again! 4
Frostbite
Frostbite
Addicted to VR Part 1
The demon inside of me.
A Mother's Evil
Don't defy it...
Just Wanted To Share My Story
I saw a black hand
The Devil's LoopI have such severe misophonia that certain sounds make me want to kill
Our Best Companion is Ourselves
I Can Never Leave
He found me
The voices, they won't stop.
I think I've disappeared - Please help me!
I think I've disappeared (Please help me)
How do I know if you are real?
The one dream i needed to be true
I Don't Like My Sister's New Playmate
People Think I'm A Serial Killer. It's Far Worse Than That. Part 1
Weird Shit happens in my town. They expect me to solve it. I don’t think I can.
If you are a gamer you might understand
The Big Crunch
I think I joined a cult. Part two.
Cemetery
My Workplace is a front for something strange: Part 1
Thirty-Four Years Ago I saw Something At The Grady's Carnival Of Mysteries Funhouse I Still Can't Explain
I woke up to screaming, What I saw has scarred me for life
Paranormal Stuff Occurring Ghost Demon Alien?
Messages
The Antmill
My Sister was an ISIS Bride (Part Eleven)
Messages
Conversatie ciudata cu o pers pe Omegle
Voices
New YouTube Channel for Paranormal Enthusiasts
Mistaken Identity
My Grandfather saw something in Vietnam... (Part One)
Messages:
I met the Devil, God, and the Grim Reaper all in the same day.
It’s not your mother, I promise
My cum tried to kill me
There's something in my house and it's not human
The Rabbit Hole
I spoke with the Devil, God, and the Grim Reaper all in the same day.
I was kidnapped in Yemen and brought to an underground dungeon PART 2 (2)
If I Gave You My Heart
I'm an undercover CIA agent assigned to investigate a town, something isn't right here... "The Shapeshifter". (Part two)
Society of the Divine Dragon
Working at an amusement park: down the rabbit hole
My name is Daniel Lazare and I think I ate too much Denny's
The Stranger.
I went to camp to escape bullying. I was lucky to get out alive.
The Abattoir
I’m an exotic animal dealer and I sell things that you didn’t know existed: How I started out.
The Red Wagon
Quarantine boredom will make you do some regrettable things... PART 1
We All Crumble
Sanctorum- Chapter 1
The Pandemic
There's Something Wrong With The Other People On My Bus
Playful Guardian Angels
Playful Guardian Angels
My Hometown has Rules: Rule 3
Why i'm no longer a 911 dispatcher
The Silence is Deafening
Twelve Steps
Someone broke into my home and stole a box of home movies. They've been editing them and posting them online.
Playful Guardian Angels
Back when the werewolves were still roaming around freely. [Part 1]
B
A Warning
floor 666
Messages:
Chapter 2: Mommy’s New Prayer
hey everyone!
The quench. A creature of the corona virus
My dentist put something inside my gums during my wisdom teeth removal. [Part 3]
Don't go looking for the door... or you'll find it (Part Eight)
The Pervert
My neighbor keeps meowing in the middle of the night and yelling at the dude who lives above her.
The Reason I Stopped Trick or Treating
There's Something Strange in Pine Hill Cave
The thing
Something is very wrong with my bathtub drain
There are people in my bathtub
The Changing Rule - Granny's Pension #4
My Childhood Friend Was a Reaper
We All Hide When The Sirens Ring
I'm investigating a shape shifting cannibal in Illinois. This case just turned personal.
We all Hide when the Sirens Ring
I work as a salesman. This lady showed up and I don't know why. [Part 1]
The Abattoir
The Abattoir
Frost
The Abattoir
The little girl.
The List Of Rules Which Prevents My Blood Jitters Is No Longer Enough. I Need Help.
My scary experience!
When then 'emu' took flight, we realized the Monster Bird
Mother Nature has had Enough!
My worst hallucination event
The Reason I Stopped Trick or Treating
When the emu took flight, we realized the Moster Bird
The Reason I Stopped Trick or Treating
Something told me its name
The Thing in Room 32B. Part II
I work as a supermarket security guard but not for the reason you would think: first day on the job
Some Of My Most Unexplainable Stories...Your Never Alone...
Mother Nature has had Enough
My dreams may be my death
Alone at the Office
The Playlist
We played hide and go seek but something joined the game with us
Cutting
COVID-19 turned my colleagues into zombie like beings
What does the sun feel like?
Overnight Camping: Welcome to Wood Haven!
Observations of an Agoraphobic: I will never order from Mr. Moloch's Takeout again.
My Hometown has Rules: Rule 3
Deals With Fae
Well, shit. Sometimes guns just won't do the trick.
I solve the "Rules". Former humans are the easiest to deal with.
Justice is Dead: Family Death and No Closure
Birds Send Her Flowers and Take Away Her Children [1]
I Arrested a Hooker, She Claims she's a Succubus
Hide'N'Seek
My skinwalker story.. Arizona
Please, send help(this is happening)
A job I wish I hadn't taken (Part 3: William)
Close your doors.
A job I wish I hadn't taken (Part 3: William)
The Dancing Lady Pt.2
I've lived in my room my entire life
almost kidnapped
Quarantine
I am a professional voyeur [1]
Quarantined
My hometown is cursed.
Stories from a line cook. I went nowhere.
The Dancing Lady Part 2
Don't defy it...
Seen
Sockets
Camping Trip
ENDLESS (pt 1)
My 11 year old son can predict the future while sleep walking
A journal of tragic tales. Part two.
Why I will always perform a cleansing when moving houses
Unlucky in love
Sky Turtle Tours ch2
My descend into madness
Together Forever
How I returned home after messing up The Elevator Game
My college sorority is different. – The ones we lost
I went to a rip-off Disney. I knew I shouldn't have trusted it.
Asking for a friend? Have any of you experienced anything like this?
Drop your creepiest/scariest &amp; weirdest most unexpected experiences below
I’m scared.
Something Happens To Rodents That I Can't Explain
Figures
Old Man Gumpy, Old and Ugly
The Tubes
My Dream Demon keeps getting closer.
The Russian sleep experiment
We're Trapped In Our House. Something Is In Here With Us. I Think We're In Hell. PART XII [FINALE]
Who or What Attacked Me at the Crime Scene I was Processing?
The Demon Of Sweets
I just finished listening to The Whistlers and...wow. Just wow
Justice is Dead
The Smith's Kids
The Invisible Ghost
How I started dating a fallen angel
Inunaki Mura - The Abandoned Howling Village of Rural Japan. Part 2.
I received a text message from an unknown number, and now I believe someone is trying to kill me.
Invisible Ghost
I’m Trapped in a Zoom Meeting
There's something in the forests of Norway, and it's terrifying
Blindman
I inherited a pub in the city and I would do anything to protect my regulars.
What’s Playing in Theater 15?
(part 0) I'm a "computer guy" for some very bad people. I stole a *lot* of money, and now I have to escape during a damn pandemic.
My Hometown has Rules: Rule 3
Between The Boxes - The Powers That Be
There were loud noises over the Intercom Speaker, Now there are extinct creatures in my town
My Grandpa Drowned Kittens
I know a few things...
ghost be caring about my wellbeing
Sirens
Working at an amusement park: on a mission
[Part 0] I'm a "computer guy" for some really bad people. I stole a *lot* of money, and now I'm trying to escape during a pandemic.
A Exiled's Diary, or COVID 19 Quarantine
The origin
A short true story from my bizarre childhood.
A short true story from my bizarre childhood.
A Exiled's Diary (COVID-19 STORY)
Ticking Time
The Ghost
We're being attacked, however I'm the only one awake and I can't seem to wake up anybody else.
MAN-HUNT pt 1
I'm a sonic car hop, but I keep the speaker live after people order (FINALE)
The Path of Misfortune
I found a Furby in a swamp. What it had to say disturbed me.
The Path of Misfortune. (Part 1)
I Used to Work in Retail. There Was One Customer There That No-One Wanted to Help .
Specks on the Calendar
I first saw the twitcher in a fever dream
Creepy House on my streetSomething strange is happening at the hospital I work at. Part two.
I work as a supermarket night guard but not for the reason you think: Amon and Daren
The house that no one built
Min gammelfarfars foto. Del 1.
I've uncovered a long-hidden secret. Now the government is hunting me.
Lemonade
Our house in the mountains. (True story)
I Work At A Library And Something Is Terribly Wrong [Part 9]: The Plan
The Natikan
The Natikan
If you find the tall man, make sure to stay away from the light
The Natikan
My birthday present
My Family has been keeping this Book from me, I now know why. [PART 1]
The Natikan
Don't go looking for the door... or you'll find it (Part Seven)
20% { part ones cuz I am lazy }
An Easter Story
Dream Psychopath
The other sister
The Visitor
Me and my friends play hide and seek every year but this year it’s with a demon
I work as a supermarket night guard but not for the reason you think: Amon and Daren
My mum wouldn't tell us what happened "that night", untill now...
My mum wouldn't tell us what happened "that night", untill now...
I had a terrible heartache this morning
I went to the doctor for a cough and now people in suits are trying to kill me
Can't You Hear the Sirens?
Inunaki Mura - The Abandoned Howling Village of Rural Japan. Part 2.
A conversation with Death
We weren't alone in that house
I buried my father's diaries at two in the morning.
I befriended a strange boy at summer camp...I think something horrible happened to him.
My Hometown has Rules: Rule 2
Something is off with these woods. Day 1
I joined a support group that promised to "cure" me of my phobia. Tegen has anginophobia. [6]
The Dream Stealer
My father-in-law tried to kill me...
In The Cavern of the Chimpanzee God
I can faintly hear my voice being called every night.
Hard lump back of my head / vision loss
Deer Creek, Minnesota - The Disappearance of Emily Doe (Prologue)
They call me the Best Ghost Hunter in England... this case was missing a ghost. PART 2
The voice in the walkie talkie
I get buried alive for a living. Something else is down there. PART 3, FINAL
My paranormal experience
I’ve been stuck in an amusement park for 8 years
My... Paranormal (?) experience(s)
Robotic insects have invaded my home and are making me question my own reality
Dear Nintendo
Little Rosie, a 4-year-old student of mine keeps recounting forbidden knowledge and telling other children the horrific events that their future inevitably entails.
Creepy pasta / scary stories wanted for podcast episode
The Factory's Beast (Critique It)
Sleep paralysis
The man at the Crossroads and how he saved my life
Dinner Date With a Serial Killer
The Demons Within.
True Story
Scared and paranoid
My 7 year old son just killed our dog
My dads house is haunted and I just moved back in.
What Lies Below
I brought a diamond ring, it won’t stop bleeding.
The mansion's statues.
My mother’s secret past
I've uncovered a long-hidden secret. Now the government is hunting me. PLEASE HELP!
The Backrooms
I Have Become My Parasite's Personal Marionette
Ghost bride
The Houston Files Hoax or fact IX
The Thing in Room 32B. Part I
The neighbors creepypasta
My Best Friend
7 year old me sees red eyes in the woods
All I Saw Was Red ... part 2 of 3
The Special Hunting Shop
When my parents moved us to the country.
The Sirens
Do you hear the sirens
Do you hear the sirens?
Do you hear the sirens?
Do you hear the sirens?
Do you hear the sirens?
Do you hear the sirens?
Do you hear the sirens? Entry 1
The Mask Under The Bed...
Do you hear the Sirens? Entry 1
Do you hear the Sirens? Entry 1
Do you hear the Sirens? Entry 1
Do you hear the Sirens? Entry 1
The hand on my window, part 1
I'm getting stronger every day
I Had a Dream Where I'm The Psycho
I Had a Dream Where I'm The Psycho
I Had a Dream Where I'm The Psycho
I Had a Dream Where I'm The Psycho
I Had a Dream Where I'm The Psycho
I Had a Dream Where I'm The Psycho
I Had a Dream Where I'm The Psycho
The School has rules for a reason: Rule 2It wasnt just a game...
Winter in the Woods - Part 1
I was attacked by a ghost in my sleep
I'm getting stronger every day
Don't go looking for the door... or you'll find it (Part Seven)
Demon or allergies (I posted this on r/UnusAnnus and now here so I hope you enjoy! )
Chapter 1: A Fallen Angel
There's Something Odd About My Friend at Summer Camp
Siyah Kedi
Sirens..
Do you believe in curses?
The Eyes
An old friend asked me to investigate weird things going on inside his house, now I wish I hadn't (Part 1)
For my son...
The Rickety House
My body is disappearing someone help me it hurts
The Kimberly story
A Sea of Flies
We're Trapped In Our House. Something Is In Here With Us. I Think We're In Hell. PART XI
WHISPERS IN THE WIND
Something was living in my house
Why you shouldn't open sealed doors.
My Sister was an ISIS Bride (Part Ten)
The Homeowners Association
The White Room
I left the house during quarantine and something followed me home (Part 2)
A Walk in the Woods
not given up
I’ve been having strange premonitions lately, some of them are coming true.
Living In That House [Experience 1 &amp; 2]
If you ever get an invitation to attend Mr. Wax’s Traveling Circus, do not go under any circumstances.
Why you shouldn't open a sealed door
Tales of a 911 Dispatcher - The Final Update
I used to be a carer and now the smell of cherry pie makes me throw up
A twitch love story
The Easter Bunny is real. He's not what you think he is.
My encounter with a vampire
One weird deer...
The Pennies
I am waiting for my true love, so excited! 1
I left the house during quarantine and something followed me home (FINAL UPDATE)
Bloody Mary
Who or What Attacked Me at the Crime Scene I was Processing?
Sleep Paralysis problem
The smiling man (smile series)
the very first time i had sleep paralysis and i was nightmarish..hopefully it will be the last(personal experience)
I Interviewed the Cannibal Who Ate My Father
Another assignment
Working at an amusement park: unsuccessful backstabbing
The Snakes
True Story: When my Brother Lost his Basketball in the Woods and it got Thrown Back at Him.
true story
The painting in my old house scared me to death, and things just kept getting scarier.
A Last Message
I've been haunted by shadows my whole life, but I think I've found a way to stop them
A Last message
There are liminal places in this world that harbor some weird stuff
Break in-
Why he's not a bunny person anymore
The Clockhouse.
Gwendolyn - Part 2
I’m hiding, from them.
I work as a supermarket night guard but not for the reason you think: 1st day
The Path to Hell is Paved With Love
The Visitor
I work as a night guard for a supermarket but not for what you would except: the weird interview
Eat Popcorn! Drink Blood!
Holding On
I have been receiving disturbing Easter eggs for 2 weeks. Today i ment the one who sent them to me
Something Happened Next Door
the killer
We Were Never Allowed to Leave Our Homes During Easter - Today I Learned Why
this discord server is very good ok just join
Me and my friends play hide and seek in an abandoned house every year,but this one was our last
Please help me, I am not dead! Part 1
twitch streamer chronicles
All never walk that track or any other again.
I ran out of friends today
My name is Daniel Lazare and I am a sex worker for supernatural beings (part 1)
There’s a weird guy outside my house and I’m so scared
Hachishakusama
Cannot Beg enough for long term rape
The Watchmaker.
Loops of Madness
If you hear someone crying in the woods, turn around and Go directly home “3”
My Family has been keeping this Book from me, I now know why.
Davis, or Why I stopped using PornHub
Hang On
Easter is a Time for New Beginnings
I’m a Retired Priest. Over the years I’ve heard hundreds of confessions. This is why I stopped taking them. LAST RITES.
All you can do is pray
Easter Hunt
The alarm clock that wakes up your evil side
I became a monster
My small hometown has experienced its fair share of disasters—but we’ve persevered through it all.
The Dove's Chirp
The Casimir Backpack
NEVER go in an escape room that you find in the woods
my family behaves very strange at night at 4:11
Observations of an Agoraphobic: I buzz in Mistress Ophelia's clients, they don't always come back out.I’ve been having strange premonitions lately, some of them are coming true.
Lock your windows.
I heard her say that she loves me...
When I was thirteen, my country had a nationwide quarantine. Here's why you shouldn't go out during this one.
Lock Your Windows.
A journal of tragic tales.
Strange sounds I hear at night..
I get buried alive for a living. Something else is down there. PART 2
Fingers
Heed old sayings and beliefs. If you know Hindi you'r in luck
The goal of all life is death
The dancing lady
The Static
I moved into a new apartment and I think my neighbor is a serial killer. Help. (part 3) FINAL.
The Ghost
Follow the black rabbit
Last night my fiancée tucked me in, he died 4 months ago.
Weird stuffs happen at my house
I have Entomophobia
They’re Gonna Send You To Milledgeville
...Huh?
2023
If you come across a man named "Jack V. Gillins" stay vigilant and suspicious of him.(Part 1)
I think I’m stuck in another dimension and I don’t know how to escape
All I want is for this nightmare to end.
I had a very traumatizing experience because of a poem
If you come across a man named "Jack V. Gillins" stay vigilant and suspicious of him.(Part 1)
The Gargoyle of West Englewood
A drunk driver killed my wife and I killed my son...
Transcript of Event X-239 Codename "Brainbug"
Games are more powerful than you think
My child watched a lot of Mickey Mouse, I wish he didn't.
House Warming Party
God gave me love and i threw it away. All because of my crazy insecurities.
Anyone remember?
I believe God gave me a chance in love, and i ruined it.
Don't go looking for the door... or you'll find it (Part Six)
I can’t sleep at all
What do you do when there is a zombie infection ... sigh
I haven't been able to sleep well for a week.
The Dream Stealer
The red links
The Houston Files: Hoax or Fact IX
My Family
I have Become Patient Zero of What Is Next
mónos
How to Survive Camping: structural incentives and anti-social behavior
I got into a terrible argument with my wife
My past lives stalker
A Fog Descended On The Lake, And I Was Lost On An Alien Ocean
The Coffee from Hell
Hallowed Ground ~ Part III
We're Trapped In Our House. Something Is In Here With Us. I Think We're In Hell. PART X
The Static
Historical Excerpts: "Third Time's A Charm"
I found a subreddit that listed deaths before they happen.
What's going on outside?
I need help don't no why I cant sleep I saw something
DON'T LOOK INTO THEIR EYES! YOU WON'T COME BACK
Quarantine
My reflection is trying to escape.
The Welcoming
If only sleeping had gone like any normal night.
The future of cryptos
I am a Powerful Wizard Who Brews Magic Potions
I am a Powerful Wizard Who Brews Magic Potions
The rules for camping at Blackwood
The future of cryptos
My son is scared of the monster under his bed.
A Mail-Order Husband
I was sold a mansion for £100/124.50$ I wish I never even thought about it
Something strange happened today at the hospital I work at.
I was sold a mansion for £100 (124.50$) I wish I never even thought about it
The future of Cryptocurrencies
Hi, my name is Enza and my Mommy creates monsters
Has Anyone Here Seen The Short Film "Concrete Elysium"?
Scary stories from a Railroader volume 2
Hi, my name is Enza [trigger warning]
Working at an amusement park: it runs in the family
This happened a few months ago (true story)
The trail to answers
I was on a hike in Oregon, I Witnessed Something Terrifying
Something Strange Came Into the Dump I Work at
I was not ready to face the truth, until now.
How to Survive a Rafting Trip on the Red River: Beginner’s Guide
The hidden room in my dads old house
I’m a...different...kind of police officer. I now truly believe in destiny. UPDATE
Tales of a 911 Dispatcher - What's wrong with their faces? #1
What Man Wasn’t Meant To Know (Part 5)
What Man Wasn’t Meant To Know (Part 5)
There is a shadow person haunting me help
Feeling Something is Better Than Nothing
The Mysterious life of a cryptid hunter (part 2)
Houston Files: Hoax or Fact VIII
"I received some messages and now my sister is acting weird"
Where the Stars Meet the Earth
I Have a Hole in My Stomach
The Tapping
I was on my way to work, when a cat led me into the woods.
I received messages and now I'm scared" I received some messages and now I'm scared"
If you see a black figure, take your eyes off it immediately.
Please help me find the story I'm looking for!
The Thing in the Alley
A job I wish I'd never taken (Part 2)
I Work At A Library And Something Is Terribly Wrong [Part 8]: Losses
The Stikini
Isolation
I loved camping as a kid what Happened March 6th 2018 sccared me for the rest of my life...
I work for NASA and I know what we really saw on Mars
Quarantine
How to survive in this unholy neighborhood……at least some of the tips part 1
Tropical smoothie BOIIII SIGN UP!!
I can hear an owl outside and it’s creeping me out.
The sound part 2
The Creepy Teacher
Astral Projection question?
Nightmare last night
I gained consciousness around midnight Pt1
The Wonderful Works of Nikolay the Wonderful
My university locks its doors at night for our safety, not theirs.
I dreamt standing on grass that was pitch black and looking over a horizon filled with crosses as the sun was constantly in an eclipse.
Daisy
It came from the mines (Part 3)
My Dreams take me to Hell: This it what I See.... w/ sketches
My Dreams Make me walk through Hell: This is what I see (ILLUSTRATIONS) (Part 1)
It came from the mines (Part 3)
Our teachers told us we were dissecting pigs for class. They lied.
If you hear voices or crying coming from the woods Never Follow Them “2”
Got a new roommate, I guess.
The night I almost got murdered
Accounts From A Monster Hunter: Part-2
The little old lady
I never thought I'd feel bad for a kangaroo
Quarantine Crisis
The Little Old Lady
Accounts From A Monster Hunter: Part-2
I absolutely started that fire. Sorry.
Something Happens To Rodents That I Can't Explain
The School has rules for a reason: Rule number 2
The angel statue
Triangles of the lucky
Triangles of the lucky [part-1]
I found some never before seen footage from the TV show 'COPS!'
-REDDIT USER FOUND-
I woke up in the woods next to a dead body. THE FINALE
I'm a prison librarian. Things are getting strange around here.
I get buried alive for a living. Something else is down there.
I've had sleep paralysis before, but nothing like this..
What you see doesn’t exist until you observe it
The Hangmans Tree
DON'T. PEEK. THROUGH. THE. HOLE. [Part 1]
Quarantine has me feeling stuck.
A job I wish I hadn't taken (Part 2)
Don't Take the Cure
This may be the last log you find, Jennifer Lee.
Mr. Bertram's Emporium
Nevaeh
Why she's not a cat person anymore [Part 2]
Observations from an Agoraphobic: I saw something terrifying enough to make me open the door.
I saw something in my yard last night. I'm still not sure what it was.
It’s Everywhere
It'll be difficult to believe how much of this actual happened.
I live with my old babysitter. She stopped babysitting for a reason
Just a bird?
Nevaehculley
The sleepover
I heard some weird noises in the woods.
A cursed website I like to look at when I’m bored
It's so cold
Mr. Bertram's rules
Do American's really believe themselves?
Skyrim.exe
Paternal Instincts
Never Order A Mystery Box From The Dark Web
The Bald Man of Death and Torture
Don't Go Night Skiing in the Adirondacks
The Bald Man of Death and Torture
Don't Go Night Skiing in the Adirondacks: Part One
Man’s Best Friend
The Bald Man of Death and Torture
Mother Placed a Bet on the Milkman
My Hometown has Rules: Rule 1
The game master : the cards came to life
The game master: the introduction of a new person
The game master: the cards came to life?
It's been three years. I didn't think I'd be dealing with this again.
The sound part 1
Now I know why they say never go to sleep at 3:30am
An entity saved me, and to this day I still don't know why
The school has rules for a reason.
I think I had sleep paralysis while driving
I hope she never visits again
Night Time Visitor part 1
We're Trapped In Our House. Something Is In Here With Us. I Think We're In Hell. PART IX
Hangin' With Leo Transcript
The little girl who came into my dreams..
We're Trapped In Our House. Something Is In Here With Us. I Think We're In Hell. PART IX
Why why why
Chronic ScreamThey Won't Stop Dying
Don't go looking for the door... or you'll find it (Part Five)
Something in the basement
Ignore this lol
An Interesting World
The Crypto-Predator: I Claimed A Skinwalker
The Door (Written by Ash 12yrs Old)
Hangin' With Leo Transcript
Hangin' With Leo [Transcript]
Is anything easier done than said?
Is anything easier done than said?
I wet the bed for the first time ever, and it may have saved my life...
The Accident Game
The shadow
Felicity was never going to make it out.
I don't like to talk, and so I act like I'm mute.
Patient John Doe
I Recieved Journal Entries From my Uncle on Accident
Be quiet. Everything you say will be held against you.
I buy deserted storages in war torn countries, what I found in storage unit 7-21 changed my life forever. PART ONE (1)
My Ex E-Girlfriend and her Strange relationship with her Family
Working at an amusement park: Dale's bedtime story
If you download an AI to your phone, make sure you treat her with dignity.
Dalmation Man
The girl who left bloodred feathers in her trail
Maggie, the house is on fire.
Dancing Plague
story teller
This house may be the end of me
The Dancing Plague
The voice from my last dispatch has finally caught up to me
Return to Sender
I need a little help
My garden grows people
They ate my family, and now they might be hunting me.
There's a Poem on my Phone I Don't Remember Writing
On The Day The Earth Turned Upside Down..
I wrote a poem I don't remember
Lone Widow
Qurantine Dreams (Part 1)
I think my dead sister is watching me
Quarantine Dreams (Part 1)
I’ve got some skeletons in my closet
Looking for series
Asura - 001
I know my time is near
I was stalked by a man with a strange ability.
I started listening to the podcast from the beginning, can we talk about how good the Penpal series was?
On July 4th 1996, Benjamin Duke Burned to Death
I Went Out Looking For the DJ From "The Rules of the Road".
Amber Alert (Minipasta)
My friends and I frequented a 'magic movie theatre' as children.
My grandma’s house leads to a world full of wonders. A world that looks different at night.
A job I wish I hadn't taken (Part 1)
A strange hand outside my window.
At the end of the day, they don’t care
There's Something in My Lungs
Something about Wickham Street
Insomnia saved my life only to try and kill me later
The Advent of Erebus
Smile for me
Child of the Wick
My night walk became a run for my life
I left the house during quarantine and something followed me home
If you visit the Kearney Funhouse, do not enter the mirrors
I used to be a thug in Russia during the nineties. One evening made me quit.
Coal Country and What Lies We Tell
If you ever hear crying coming from the woods, don’t follow it “part 1”
Where did they go
Where did they go?
Where did they go?
Where is everyone?
The Dream Room (Part 2)
One Page Horror Stories: Poke It With A Stick
Sci-fi short story web site help
Home alone
Home alone part 2 the finale
The Devil's Dice
Home alone the finale
My Grandmother worked for NASA. Space Should Remain Unexplored. FINAL PART
Home alone (part 1)
Home alone (part 1)
A dark web site allowed us to vote on whether or not someone dies. I chose wrong.
Everyone is missing.
They call me the Best Ghost Hunter in England... this case was missing a ghost. PART 1
There’s Someone In That Hole In The Ground
The bank I work at is haunted.
I’m an architect that works in renovation. Don't do rituals in old buildings. You don't know what you'll meet.
’m an architect that works in renovation. Don’t do ritual games in old buildings. You don’t know what you’ll meet.
Tidying Up
8th Day Cafe
The Cabin On Cherry Road: Chapter 1
CrypTed Truck (4)
My mom experiences a cough on a daily basis and it has had an effect on her sleep, but I’m unsure what to do
The Dream that felt real,and went on for months
'Gate' to Hell?
Our Kingdom
The Houston Files: Hoax or fact VIII
Why I don't sleep
Parade of the MacabreI’m an architect that works in renovation. Don’t do ritual games in old buildings. You don’t know what you’ll meet.
I contracted a disease... I don't think it's the Coronavirus - Part II (Final)
You shouldn’t be here
Text Messaging Horror Story | The Request
I’m Part of an Elite Class of People...
Lucky
Lucky
Lucky
Lucky
Lucky
Text Messaging Horror Story | The Request
Thoughts on Tom's head: A Crimson Fountain, Throw a Quarter
Visiting the Ocean
Text Messaging Horror Story | The Request
Text Messaging Horror Story | The Request
Two college roommates decided to take a summer road trip, it was the worst mistake of their lives.
I Convinced My Friends That One Of Us Had Schizophrenia.
YouTube Selective Videos?
Grandfather and his insane story.
I Convinced My Friends That One Of Us Has Schizophrenia.
The Sun is Smiling
There is something dark following and teasing me help
The Sun is Smiling
The Sun is Smiling
Tales from the Noir Book (Story 1): the Super Soldier and the Monsters of Green Leaf.
What happened to the forest
They’re giving me a different drug every day
I contracted a disease...I don't think it's the Coronavirus- Part II (Final)
If you want to find the gateway to Hell, just look for the smokestack at Hell Holler Hollow
He had Too Many Teeth
Text Message Horror Story | The Request
My Friend and Her Coincidences
Nordfrankreich, 1916
Rotting Noir prologue
I'm testing out a new medication, and I'm not myself anymore. [PART 4]
The End is Near [possible nsfw]
I'm testing out a new medication, and I'm not myself anymore. [PART 4, FINAL]
Travel to mars went horribly wrong
I found a strange book in my trunk
I found something strange in the woods by my house, and I need help.
Four 13 year old kids in a forest in the darkness of night. What can go wrong?
If you want to find the gateway to hell, just look for the smokestack at Hell Holler Hollow
Something Inhuman is Infecting the Gangs of Chicago (Part 1)
We're in the wrong Chicago. The city will burn.
Something Inhuman is Infecting the Gangs of Chicago
Through The Glass
Confinement Tribulations
I think quarantine drove me insane. I thought I lived alone. I might have been wrong.
This man is a cheater and pig
Hello Flesh
I have the same nightmare and I think it’s going to kill me
The hospital
We're Trapped In Our House. Something Is In Here With Us. I Think We're In Hell. PART VIII
The lights burn and my parents are refusing me medical help [pt 1]
I'm an FX artist for B movies, and lately, the actors I work with have been transforming into the monster makeup I paint on them. Part 1
The house in Grenloch Terrace
Hunting Trip
The Smiley Man
The phonerotica pedo
My dad’s disease
The Cinema Slasher.
y test after the pandemic has past? IS IT MANDITORY?
The Cinema Slasher.
My dad’s disease
The spirits in my house are getting louder.
Hunting Trip
My dad’s disease
My dad’s disease
I went to a new years eve party and it turned out to be a sex cult
I inherited a pub in the city, some people aren’t easily thrown out.
Watch, please. Wake up people. Wake up. This will give you no sleep
I heard a very weird noise under my window and im so scared now
Don't go looking for the door... or you'll find it (Part Four)
Silas Watkins fights the Reaper
Rabbit’s Revenge
The shroud from the abyss
First weekend of Church Camp, 1990's
Rabbit’s Revenge
Rabbit’s Revenge
Working at an amusement park: kiss, swallow, turn
One Way To The Darkness (part1)
One Way To The Darkness
I think there's something wrong with my parents..
One Way To The Darkness (part1)
The Darkness , the fear , the end
The Dulmal
I took part in an experiment, I would never go back (Part 2(
The Siren's Song
I have a recurring dream. I came to Reddit looking for help
People in my town are slowly being taken.
The Bow-er
I am a Good Man. Consolidate.
Horace knows the world
You See the Mark. Part Four.
The One That Got Away
It came from the mines (Part 2)
My brother tried to summon a demon
The Blurry man of Belfast
The day my world ended
I'm an instagram influencer. You need to block this account right now.A serial killer is loose in California and they hunt vigilantes.
I Work At A Library And Something Is Terribly Wrong [Part 7]: Jackson
I'm a line cook, and my vacation is over.
There Is Something Strange About My Cousin Royce (part four)
I found a tape of an old police interview.
Dhjshs
I found a tape of an old police interview.
The Pi World Project
A guy at school wanted to throw a house party and raise hell. I didn't realise he meant literally.
Some odd Baka To Test Creepypasta I heard
Between the Boxes - Many Are Called, Few Are Chosen
Home alone (part 1)
Mom was right.
Home alone (or was I) Part 1
The Journal Of A Ghost: Introduction
User Jogo821
The Failed AI
I Went On Instagram At 3:30AM
Don't go looking for the door... or you'll find it (Part Four)
The storm
Hello
I saw my neighbor on the dark web and I don’t know what to do
H
Never Buy A House on Craigslist!
I'm a Sonic car hop, but I keep the speaker live after people order. (part two)
The Journal Of A Ghost: Part One
He Needs To Eat
The Mysterious Family : Part 1
The Human Submarines
My friends,
There are some monsters out there that are better off not being known
The abandoned house with the pear tree
My Grandma worked for NASA. Something terrible is waiting beyond our solar system. PART FOUR
I Heard The Music That Plays After You Die
March 2020 Voting Thread
The horrors of magic (Part One)
Yawn...
Never open the door between 7 and 10 am
My sleep paralysis demon
I Made One Rule in The Haunted Casino and Someone Broke It
Is my neighbour possessed?
Slumber Valley Clinic (1/3)
It was following me home.
My dads google is creepy
Yowie Story. Aussie Encounter
Yowie Story (Aussie Encounter)
I am waiting
Yowie story (Aussie encounter)
The abandoned house with the pear tree
The abandoned house with the pear tree
I went to the doctor for a routine checkup. Now there's a government agent here.
New narrator needs help
Can ingrown toenails get so bad that they become claws?
The abandoned house with the pear tree
I moved into a new apartment and I think my neighbor is a serial killer. Help. (part 2)
Awkwardest moment
I can hear an ex classmate on Discord at night
I’m an architect that works in renovation. Our buildings remember.
My Sister Always Wakes Up At 3 AM Screaming And Now I Know Why...
I hate kikes and support gulags
Strange things happen in the middle of nowhere...
This will make you think
"A Foght broke out in the hall again "
What Makes a Monster?
I don't remember writing in my dream journal. Then why is it filled out in my handwriting?
Summer of 1882, and a strange little girl enters my sons birthday party
Sometimes old buildings should be demolished, not restored.
My grandfather strange experience.
Rotting Noir
Spongebob Squarepants S4E39: The Krusty Krab
IDK what I just saw, but it saw me too
My girlfriend sent me an email...
I contracted a disease... I don’t think it’s the Coronavirus.
The Antique Hotel-Permanent Resident
My crack parents experimented on me as a kid, now weird scenarios follow me.
I was experimented on as a kid and now weird scenarios follow me... (TW)
I contracted something...I don't think it's the Coronavirus
The Clown
An Encounter in the Rain
Inunaki Mura - The abandoned howling village of rural Japan
My husband's car was broken into, but the 'burglar' left something behind.
True story My husband's car was broken into, but the burglar left something behind.
Sometimes the unexpected actually happens
The People in the Forest
Goodnight everyone
My Neighbor Likes To Waste Water
Twisted laughter
The Dream Room (Part One)
We're in the wrong Chicago. We went to the Art Institute.
My neighbours dog is acting strange and I have not been seeing my neighbour recently, can someone help?
Requesting Permission To Narrate /no sleep Stories
that time i got reincarnated in a different world
My experiences with the devil (part 1)
I'm seeing a resurgence in the dead
I'm seeing a resurgence in the dead
(Part 1) (Part 2) I'm seeing a resurgence in the dead
(DISTURBING) I'm seeing a resurgence in the dead
(DISTURBING) I'm seeing a resurgence of the dead?!
A story from Church Camp this one summer
I took part in an experiment, I would never go backThe Story of the Undead Chungus
my school has a dark past and its creeping back into light. (3)
The girl who watches me sleep
ONE WAY TO THE DARKNESS
ONE WAY TO THE DARKNESS
My school has a dark past and is creeping back into light.
We're Trapped In Our House. Something Is In Here With Us. I Think We're In Hell. PART VII
Just saw a guy driving a motorcycle at 2 AM then proceeded to have diarhea.
The Dark Dream Room Pt 1
Gruesome messages need advice
Crave
Underneath the Lemon Tree
The demon behind the tree...
My school has a dark past and its creeping back into light. (2)
The Antique Hotel- Permanent Resident
Don't leave meat outside Lilly
I used to work at an amusement park. Here’s one of my stories
I used to work at a amusement park: part 2
The one thing I'm afraid of...
First time ever writing a story; sorry if it's not good
the line that cant be crossed
Underneath the Lemon Tree
I used to think my old house was haunted and it turns out I might have been right.
Working at an amusement park: I got fired
I used to love my job until I met him
I use to love my job until yesterday when I met him
Someones in my house
Pandemic (part 5)
I need to amuse the painting. By going through a set of "games". [Part 1]
It Stood Outside My Window
My baby sisters imaginary friend turned out to be a sinister entity in disguise!
I fought the Goat and the Goat won.
Quarantine life (part 1)
My Name is Chris, And the Walls have Veins.
The "Vacant" House
Log #1
I need to amuse the painting. By going through a set of "games". [Part 1]
The Sallow Suicide
The Sallow Suicide (A true story)
It came from the mines (Part 1)
The Sallow Suicide (True, if you willing to believe me.)
I was an estate manager for the Illuminati. This is my story.
Don't go looking for the door... or you'll find it (Part Three)
If you meet a woman named Becca Starge on Tinder, swipe left
The Dog Crate.
My worst nightmares are the best dreams and I've ever had
Don't You Cry
The Hidden Door
I bought a Teddy bear crafting kit for my kid but it was the worst choice of my life
The "Vacant" House
My family and I started a garden but something went very wrong.
I don't have the most Normal Job...
The Dark Room
My Diabolical Self • Part 16: Farrell Shard
The Woods
My Grandmother worked for NASA. We Went Back to the Moon. PART THREE
Captured on tape.
In 2013 I Tried Having Sex With a Possessed Couch (Finale)
There are some monsters out there that are better off not being known
Demon in a bottle
My Grandmother worked for NASA. We went back to the moon. Part Three
A Tale of Abortion
My wife went missing last year. It's over. [6] [Final]
All my classmates has dark eyes and everyone was laughing.
I work in a Call Center something odd happened
The Black Thing
I Buried My Son, Again
Theres a shadow outside my house
A letter to you, my beloved.
The woods pt1
The woods pt 1
Footprints
Looking for a specific type of story
The beast within.
CrypTed Truck (3)
Crave
Why she's not a cat person anymore
Another Work Of Fiction
Broken daughter
Radio Silence
Naima
The Creepy Whispers
Comfortable In Your Skin
A Tale of Abortion
The Antique Hotel.
The Archer
I think my best friend is dead, and nobody believes me.
The Quiet Whispers
I switched phones with a stranger at a coffee shop
White Hills
The Knock
A Dive Into Turmoil
The Printer
7 April. Night of the Full Moon
The Ultimate Body
We took the train into Chicago. We arrived at the wrong Chicago.
Never in the Dark
The Town Minnesota wants to forget about. Entry 1
An invisible invasion..
The lone entityThe Printer
Monstruo
I inherited a pub in the city, it came with some issues.
We're Trapped In Our House. Something Is In Here With Us. I Think We're In Hell. PART VI
Monstruo
My school has a dark past and its creeping back into light. (2)
My Sister was an ISIS Bride (Part Nine)
The lone entity
My best dreams are my worst nightmares
Was she really my Grandma?
My best dreams are my worst nightmare
Someone unknown broke into my house last night.
I Work At A Library And Something Is Terribly Wrong [Part 6]: Current Time Part 2
I Work At A Library And Something Is Terribly Wrong [Part VI]: Current Time Part 2
The best dreams I have are my worst nightmares
Marina from Candy group
Kyle's Channel: Part Two
How I Face My Daily Battles.
I saw my mom and sister at the front door. But it was not them
Is this some kind of trick my mind is playing on me?
What did my mom see?
A new house appeared in the neighborhood.
My college campus just turned into a zombie infested freak show
The dog in the car (short story)
The dog in the car (short story)
Fixing the Glass Dome
In The Most Devastated World
Point Pine's newest visitor came with a warning
TIFU by attempting to reconnect with my childhood internet friend.
FINAL UPDATE: My friend's arm was stuck inside a wall.
[FINAL UPDATE] My friend's arm WAS stuck inside a wall
The Kid That Live Across the Street
Crash. Pop pop. Fizzle.
I can't celebrate holidays
Working at an amusement park: the thing about iron
Remembering old memories - Guardian Angel
I woke up in the woods next to a dead body. Part 3
Johny johny
Follow me
It's All For The Best
The "Vacant" House
It Should Have been
Marlon keeps calling and villagers attack on sight!
My face went missing.
What I found in the Cliffs
You don't exist
I've Just Returned from Hell
My husband has had a recurring dream since he was 11 years old. It finally drove him to suicide.
An Author of Fiction
Between the Boxes - A Wolf in Sheep's Clothing
I need to amuse the painting. By going through a set of "games". [Part 1]
the indian doll
Marlon keeps calling and villagers attack on sight
The lone entity
I have been playing hide and seek with them for days, but I can't find them.
We've been playing hide and seek for days, I can't find them. [Part 1]
Do not look to the river for comfort.
Most countries are in lock-down and yet some are not.
There was a Rumor About a Satanic Church in our City. It Wasn't a Rumor.
The Lake
I think I wandered into another dimension’s McDonald’s...
Fragments of Deception, Part 1 of 3
The Detrimental Dream
My imaginary friends might not be imaginary after all
I picked up a phone from a guy who was detained for violating quarantine
There's a voice coming from my chimney. It begs me to put out the flames.
Got caressed in my sleep can someone explain why this might occur
My sleep paralysis touched me and I’m so confused someone please explain
My brother is the favorite child.
Don't go looking for the door... or you'll find it (Part Two)
He's always watching
Please help me
Please, help me
Easter Morning
The people in my basement are talking to me.i dont have a basement
My husband swears they are just hallucinations
Ghost Circles, and the mysterious case at Millar's farm [Part 2]
We tested an Urban Legend in Boy Scouts but I wish we hadn’t
My husband swears they are just hallucinations.
The 'Where's Waldo' Book I Brought Was Something Much More Disturbing Than I Imagined.
There are some monsters out there that are better off not being known
The voice from downstairs
I've Been Offered 100k to Stand in a Room. Alone. These are the Terms and Conditions.
I joined a support group that promised to "cure" me of my phobia. Edie is horrified of stairs. [5]
My Grandma worked for NASA. There are monsters on the moon. (Part Two)
There's a sex demon in my closet.
The Monster At The Window
I'm worried about Colm [pt 1]
The Noise
I moved into a new apartment and I think my neighbor is a serial killer. Help.
When my daughter loses her temper, my next-door neighbor “accidentally” loses a limb
Good
The Quiet Whispers
4th Special Forces Group encountered something in west Tennessee, it was pure evil.
A Work of Fiction
I'm an undercover CIA agent assigned to investigate a town, something isn't right here... "The Experiment". (Part one)
My dream
Ghost Bro
Entra
Anyone convinced they did supernatural stuff as a kid?Horrifying Nightshift Story
A Death To Remember
Yo there's something wrong over there
Yo there's something out there
Yo there's something out there
It wasn't late...
Something Weird Happened in my Minecraft World when I was Younger.
Silence A Slender Story
It wasn't late...
Easter Morning
My promise to you
Something Weird Happened in my Minecraft World when I was Younger.
You were the only one.
The Government is creating clones, I'm one of them
Someone’s trying to break in
Sleep paralysis sucks balls
TRUE HORRIFYING NIGHTSHIFT STORY
Here’s a free philosophical novel on a person that suddenly becomes aware of the autonomous mental world interspersing his localities (PDF)
Sleep paralysis sucks balls
Sleep paralysis sucks balls
My First Experience Camping
The Government is creating clones, I'm one of them
The memory of what my baby girl did still haunts my dreams.
I don't know the rules to my strange apartments, but I need to follow them
Why I'm not a dog person anymore
My best friend is dead, but nobody believes me.
331
My college sorority is different – In war and in love
Today, my dog threw up the tea that I drank.
A Dive Into Turmoil
I just read "tominos Hell" out loud...
A Dive Into Turmoil
The dream that repeats itself every night.
We're Trapped In Our House. Something Is In Here With Us. I Think We're In Hell. PART V
My friend is missing and I need help.
A Way Out
I inherited a pub in the city. My regulars aren’t regular.
My school has a dark past and its creeping back into the light. (1)
What cryptid would you not want to encounter?
What cryptid would you not want to encounter ?
My town has a strange night curfew rules part 1
A Familiar Sight
The disappearance of a kid was linked to my family's darkest secret, I've had no idea.
She Didn't Leave
Documentation (01-20-2020) enjoy!
NoSleep Must Be Shut Down
Whatever you do, DON’T play Truth or Dare on Halloween. [Part 2]
The Creatures in the Fog
someone came knocking at my door, its not a human.
We made it back from Australia but my friend's arm is now stuck in the wall... [Part 4]
My dog is telling me to do some really weird things.
My bathtub drain.
The dead widow is covered in cracked and peeling tar, always trailing her ashes behind her.
Working at an amusement park: Connections
Is this idea stupid??
Has anyone seen the stairs beneath the hole?...
There are some monsters out there that are better off not being known
I worked in the Coronavirus factory. This is my story
hey guys! check ouy my new android game! it is called Horror Ninja Survival
Driving instructor
The shushing man
On July 4th 1996, Benjamin Duke Burned to Death
That Night - A Mysterious Ghost Story
Reckless Birthdays [Trigger Warning]
Mr. Shadow
Mr. Shadow
My Friends Were All Murdered
On July 4th 1996, Benjamin Duke Burned to Death
All of Her
On July 4th 1996, Benjamin Duke Burned to Death
You won a free cruise!
Nightmares: Stage 1, The Hospital and the list of Rules.
If anyone can help me please find this story I read on no sleep...
Nightmares: Stage 1, The Hospital and the list of rules.
If anyone can help me find this story I read on no sleep...
When I sat down to play my drums, I thought I was alone. When I finished, someone started clapping...
On July 4th 1996, Benjamin Duke Burned to Death
My BFFs little brother carries mirrors. Now I understand why.
If anyone can help me find this story I read here on no sleep. Thank you!!!
Nightmares: Stage 1, The Hospital and the set of rules.
“Mirrors can cut.”
I am a sucurity guard on a train and I sould have been more careful.
I Found Some Strange Artwork In My Room, But I Didn't Make It.
Nightmares: Stage 1, The hospital and the list of rules
Nightmares: Stage One, the Hospital and the list rules.
The Changing Room
400mg Dramamine
Between the Boxes - Reap What You Sow
What a Beautiful Rainbow
What a Beautiful Rainbow
True story of Something whispering my name to me
Tales From A Bored High-School Student - Entry #2 [Part 1] - Curses, Dreams, And Talking Cotton Candy
You won a free cruise!
True scary experiences at my School
The Red Barn (Part 1)
That one EAS I can not forget about (Part 2) Final Part
Have you ever heard of a Wiki Race?
Salinda Mountains
The Everlasting House [2]
I unknowingly witnessed a cult murdering a former member on those weird webcam hacks.Soo I'm not crazy :) !!!!
Budbärarna #5 - Lån, äganderätt, politik och korruption
Never shoot a Skinwalker
I Work At A Library And Something Is Terribly Wrong [Part 5]: Current Time
I study the unknown. The camera part 1
It feels like its happening all over again...
Ghost Circles, and the mysterious case at Millar's farm [Part 1]
Ghost Circles, and the mysterious case at Millar's farm [Part 1 of 2]
I went into an abandoned mine, what I saw there scarred me for life
Chaos Theory
My sister is pulling a year long prank on me. But she refuses to admit anything.
Obsessive Love
In 2012 a Possessed Couch Told Me To Murder My Friends
The Conqueror
I went into a haunted mine near my house and what I saw there scarred me
I don’t get people think clinical depression is entirely genetic
A forensic’s diary
I don’t get why people think clinical depression is entirely genetic
I don’t get why people think clinical depression is entirely genetic
Something is watching me
I thought the graveyard ritual was a myth, but it showed so much more than I was ready for
My Sister was an ISIS Bride (Part Eight)
I had disturbing experience on the greenway
What if it ain’t pandemic?
Why they kept the doors closed.
What makes a good horror story captivating to you?
My Grandmother Worked for NASA for forty years. There are terrors beyond our world.
This will be the last dinner I have with my family
My daughter's diary has a disturbing entry in it, I think it's telling the future
Undiscovered Corpse
i need sleep
Menacing Grin
Menacing Grin
Menacing Grin
Menacing Grin
Menacing Grin
Menacing Grin
I think I'm being stalked by a serial killer
Undiscovered Corpse
Undiscovered Corpse(OC)
ghost near a soccer field
The blessing
The Willard Mental Asylum has been closed since 1995, something’s going on in there.
My school saw something that I didn't, and now I'm the only sane student
The Willard Mental Asylum closed in 1995, something’s going on in there.
I woke up in a house with no recollection on how I got there.
The Lake
Don't go looking for the door... or you'll find it (Part One)
My neighborhood has been acting strange. I wish I didn't find out why.
The Night Parade
there’s someone in my house watching me sleep
Small iPods
Tales of Survival: Part Two
I had a pretty nasty cab ride last night.
Cold Hollow
Sleepers
The stories I told my friends as kids are way more messed up then I thought.
Supermarket Kitten Part 2
Tales of Survival: Part Two
The Thing
The Thing
As a kid I loved scary storybooks but this one was different....
The Thing
Do not heed the Herald's call
Can you handle the horror? 😈 The Exorcism of Ronald Hunkeler aka Roland Doe
Until my time to go
Under The Apple Tree
Tales of Survival: Part Two
This is not a Christmas story
I want you guys to take a look at this.
A new monster has been spotted in my town. This one is one of the worst.
My college sorority is different. – The man from Morgue Street
MIRROR
Im not sleeping
I Took Part In A Sleep Experiment. It Was A Nightmare (Part 1)
The State Hospital is cursed like the rest of the county. For fifty years it reigned as Hell on Earth.
Hitchhiker
The boat.
This virus isn't what it seems.
An Oddly Dressed Stranger and a Horrific Hotel Stay -- Hunters: Death-Touched (pt 2)
Meat 2
We're Trapped In Our House. Something Is In Here With Us. I Think We're In Hell. PART IV
just joined
I moved in with my girlfriend 3 weeks ago, I don’t think she’s the one.
Kidnapped
A new legend has started in my town.
someone put their pp in my bb
Someone put their pp in my bb
Tales from the pipes.
The most scary story you are all going to see on this sub reddit i guarantee
My mom won't stop crying, I now know why.
911
What Man Wasn’t Meant To Know (Part 4)
The less they know about us, the better.
Nightfall
Something is wrong with my neighborhood, and I wish i didn't find out what it was.
Do NOT visit the 'Skuld club' in Snowdonia
Do NOT visit the 'Skuld club' in Snowdonia
Do NOT visit the 'Skuld club' in Snowdonia
The Oddity of Human SkinThe Facility Files: Julian's Story
Working at an amusement park: Twenty Questions
1 week is all it took for what man made to fall apart
I will never be the same again after being in Ryker Asyl Prison....
Creepy woman on the Fourth Of July
The GoD Gig
It stares back...
I Traded a Pencil for an Item that Should Not Exist
66 OakTree Dr. (Part One)
The Devil offered me eternal life, I may take the deal...
He's gone (trigger warning: bloodshed)
The walls have ears??
Wendigo
I woke up in a different country and we need to follow these directions to survive. We are prepared to return... [Part 3]
I am a young girl. My Uncle Tommy does weird things to me
Me and my friend recorded a video and it didn't come out right...
I woke up in a different country (Australia) and we need to follow these directions to survive... [Part 3]
The Shadow Man
Nightmares: The facility [Part 2]
Me and my friend recorded a video and it didn't come out right...
My friend and I recorded a video and it didn't come out right....
"The intruder" part two
So I'm not crazy!!
My grandma’s house leads to a world full of wonders. Today I met the false faced people.
Every single passenger in this train is going to die. [Final]
I used to love space but now I hate it
I used to love space but now I hate it
Creepy Story (REAL)
I used to love space but now I hate it
I used to love space but now I hate it
I used to love space now I hate every bit of it
I’m a Sonic car hop, but I keep the speaker live after people order.
Repent, I'm begging you.
66 OakTree Dr. (Part One)
Repent. Please.
66 OakTree Dr. (Part 1/18)
I probably had a rapist for a cab driver last night. I lived to tell the tale.
Marmee's Flower Shop — (1) The Walrus in My Window
I think a cult is following me PART 1
I’m a Retired Priest. Over the years I’ve heard hundreds of confessions. It’s time you heard mine.
My nightmares follow me.
stay safe
stay safe
I probably had a rapist for a cab driver last night. But I lived to tell the tale.
I probably had a rapist for a cab driver last night. But I lived to tell the tale.
66 OakTree Dr. (Part 1/18)
I got sick for a few days after the visit
Cornex took my daughter: Beginning
I woke up in the same place I do every day, and everything was the same
My brother kept a dream diary. I wish I hadn't read it.
The other place.
Some things I noticed while walking at night
I clicked on a link and now I don't exist in this world anymore
I don’t get why people think clinical depression is solely genetic
Getting icecream
The Creature In The Field
The Man (Creature) In The Field
Nightmares: The facility [Part 2]
There is someone living in my aunt's basement and she doesn't even know it.
Scary Experience
Molly
Sometimes you gotta crawl to stay awake.
the month of April
Meat 2: Crackies Revenge
After two of her children dying, Klara finally gave birth to a healthy baby boy
Greasy couch
I had the creepiest sleep paralysis of my life
The Murderer Of The Fields
Kyle's Channel: Part One
I heard a noise in my room, but it was probably nothing
I am being sent transmissions from an unknown source (pt 1)
Crackies Revenge
The world is safe forever.
I finally realize why a dream I had as a kid was a nightmare.
6 A.M. Strobes
They're Just Standing There Waiting For Us - Part 2
The Koresh
Greasy couch and a hard place.
I’m a Psychologist, and This Case is Why I don’t do Family Therapy Anymore (Part 2)
I’m a Psychologist, and This is Why I Don’t do Family Therapy Anymore(Part II)
My grandmother just passed
A story I wrote for a Collaboration website.
The unforgettable experience
The unforgettable experience
Sirens Walk Among Us
He watches
I slept with a hooker and now my penis does weird things (Part 1)
I think I’m cursed. HELP
I fucked a hooker and now my dick says weird things (Part 1)
The Waking Sun
Tales of Survival: Part One
My worst nightmare come true.
The reason why I don't sleep on April 4th anymore. (part 1)
Please, I just want to go home
Jack
I think I know why governments wants us to stay inside.
My old sister
I Think My Friends Are possessed by Demons
The Monster of Colville.
The Mist/story about the future of Covid-19My old sister [Sad]
Supermarket Kitten Part 1
Between the hours of 10pm - 1am DO NOT LOOK OUTSIDE
Hopefully nothing spooky
Roadwork
I was given a top secret mission to track down and find out the purpose of life
The Sunlit Threshold
Strange texts on my phone
Blood
The reason why I don't sleep on April 4th anymore. (part 1)
first short story (possible trigger warning: suicide)
The Copies of a copy
Part 2: Coal Country and What Lies Within
We're Trapped In Our House. Something Is In Here With Us. I Think We're In Hell. PART III
Did an r/nosleep story from 2016 get made into a movie?
The Jigsaw Puzzle...
Lightbulb
Somebody in a mask has been stalking me
I found an old diary and it talked about people with White-eyes “2”
Why they kept the doors locked.
Somebody wearing a mask has been following me
Yet to be named part one
Yet to be named part one
The void of lost and forgotten.
I Hear Taps
We only met three weeks ago- bad timing right ?
Black Circus Nebukadazzr
The Tapper
Strange texts on my phone
Pandemic (part 4)
H
The creep freak
My college sorority is different. – Sirensong and Troyfall
Hunters: Death-Touched (pt 1)
The irony of my quarantine
My neighbors are weird
Working at an amusement park: I passed out again
Hallowed Ground ~ Part II
Did you know you can change your background picture in Zoom?
The Reaper of Classroom 107
Black Circus Neubkadazzr
Before I was a paranormal investigator, I worked for a research facility with some shady practices.
!!!BURN/CUT DOWN ALL 5G TOWERS THIS IS OUR FIGHT BACK!!!
This is my terrifying experience with the black eyed man
The Windigo Graveyard - Part Three
My dead brother warned me about an earthquake
I lost my friend to psychopaths in an asylum.
My Sixth Life
I woke up in a different country and we need to follow these directions to survive [Part 2]
The Houston Files; Hoax or Fact Part VII
The SCUBA Ghost
Half There
The Deer People
The Deer People
The SCUBA ghost
I think my neighbor's wife is locked in a freezer in his basement - Part II
The Mind Of A Murderer
The Hunt for the Sound Makers
This is a long story, but has ANYBODY ever heard of “The Reject’s Room”?
Has anybody ever heard of the “Reject’s Room”? (It’s a long story.)
My body is acting strange:time is running out
The Mind Of A Murderer
I work for Styx Taxis and I help transport souls to the afterlife...I just picked up a cannibal [Part 3]
Broadcast-Transmission:File_1
The Cut Case
The true horrors of sleep paralysis
The Cut Case
carona is a hoax
The Scarman
I recently moved back into my childhood home, and something is off.
Nightmares
Tales of a house old as time
Purged (possible trigger warning)
I Think I Brought The Wrong Thing To Show And Tell
I joined a support group that promised to "cure" me of my phobia. Don is afraid of the dark. [4]
He came in the light of day
Every hour wounds
Something was talking in the corner of my living room.
Hi, I'm Brad
The Mist/a glimpse of the future if Covid-19
The lady in white.
Voices
Nightmares: A gloomy night
I signed up for a mail-order bride service, but now they won’t stop sending strange women to my house
The Man in My Closet
Suicide Art
My name is Krista, I am looking for more of my kind.
In 2012 I Was Seduced By a Possessed Couch
Yesterday:
Don’t you dare look out your window when you hear the taps.
The Qualm
Nightmares: A gloomy night [Part 1]
Have you ever heard of sleep paralysis? I can assure you that it’s terrifying.
Have you ever heard of sleep paralysis? I can assure you that it’s terrifying.
M.E., Part 1
One at a time...
Voices
I Died And Came Across Terror Personified
I think I’m in a cult.
Am I going insane or is she driving me crazy?Am I going insane? (Part 2)
Am I going insane? (Part 2)
The Mysterious Case of Cypher Mountain
My neighborhood watchman always told me something lived behind my door. I found out what it was.
I know what I saw, and dogs don't run like that.
I Work At A Library And Something Is Terribly Wrong [Part 4]: The Return
I Work At A Library And Something Is Terribly Wrong [Part 4]: The Return
CrypTed Truck (2)
My last hit got a little too personal
CrypTed Trucks (2)
SERIES - Magic is Real, and I Don't Like It - PART 5
No sleep bored whatsup
I moved and I found something I wasn't supposed to(fiction)
Them (part 2)
A Memory I Had While I Sat In The Doctor's Waiting Room.
Them (part 2)
Mermaids Aren't What You Think They Are
A colleague of mine sent me a letter shortly before going missing... the contents are quite disturbing. Part 1: Sojourn
Them Doorway
Father transformed into something - else (truthful recounting)
A Girl's Diary
When you think about it.
I broke up with my first boyfriend and I'm finally moving on
I got an unsettling call from my neighbor
Life on the Borderline: A Malignant Narcissist's Descent into Madness
Life on the Borderline: A Malignant Narcissist
Mister Dilgard
Mister Dilgard
A story my mother told me yesterday
The Mist. (A story about the future of Covid-19)
The Mist. (A story about the future of covid-19)
Has anybody ever heard of the website “The Reject’s Room”?
It took her
It stares back.
My wife is going crazy
2023
It stares back...
"Do you come here often?"
The rocking chair
Day 4 without sleep!!!
Re Living The Same Day LOL I Know A lot About This I Die Then Come Back...
Holocaust Lilith Hell
I’M A PSYCHOLOGIST,AND MY MOST RECENT CASE SENT CHILLS DOWN MY SPINE
Channel 666
You know the ones that just feel real?
Sirens Walk Among Us
We're Trapped In Our House. Something Is In Here With Us. I Think We're In Hell. PART II
I have the beginning of an original horror story but I want you to continue it...
The Moonlight Store
Remember to Check Under the Bed
My college sorority is different. – The girl that ate nightmares
[2] I found a box of old journals in my father's house. Something seems eerily real about them.
Working at an amusement park: the restroom
I Work for a Snake Milker. I Think He Unlocked a New World.
I found an old diary and it spoke about people with White-eyes “Part 1”
I survived a horrible social experiment. I'm not sure if I did too well as a researcher [Final]
A Surrogate Showed Up At My House and Said She's Carrying My Baby- I Never Hired One
Something has been following me...
Instructions for delivering a package
instructions for delivering a package
Narration of " I found this creepy poem "
Instructions for delivering a package part 1
The Bluebell Man
Instructions for delivering a package part 1
Instructions for delivering a package part 1
Instructions for delivering a package
Between the Boxes - Baptism by Fire
a reaccuring nightmare
COVID is not what it seems
i was told to post this here, it's one of my recurring nightmares
I was raised by otherworldly beings
The Bike In The Park
Something entered the ISS and I don’t know what to do
Birthday Party and Woods [Part 2]
I fell asleep but woke up in Sydney, Australia and we were given some directions to follow. I live in the United States...
Fortune 12
The Hunter Entries 6-10 by Tee Stache
I Volunteer At An Animal Shelter
I think I'm still me. Not completely sure
I found my brother after 2 years, Im oregty sure its not him.
The letter which should have never been sent
Stories of the Bog
I’m scared I am being stalked by someone.
Don't be friends with Marie...
I awoke in a lavish room, with no memory of how I got there
I think my neighbor's wife is locked in a refrigerator in his basement - Part I
Lady who tries to drown me
Sunflowers
The Escape Room
My maths teacher hated me so much that he said he is going to give me awards and recognition for my achievements
I moved into my new house...and discovered a strange diary
I wanted to show how much I loved my girlfriend, so I gave her crabs
What is it!?
Inside a Mirror
The Salem Witches
I received a strange call from my neighbor.
We played the Disappearance Game at my last sleepover and now I think I’m turning Invisible
The Toll – Part II
I work the night shift on a cruise. I found a horrifying list of rules. (Part 5) ending
My grandfather worked as a taxi driver in the USSR. One evening changed his life forever.I work the night shift on a cruise. I found a horrifying list of rules.(End)
How My Uncle Lost His Legs
How My Uncle Lost His Legs
No Sleep live stream?
The Big Bad Wolf🐺
I am an enforcer for the iluminati the coronavirus is our doing.
Quarantine Day 16
Ewoks are more dangerous than they seem
Fast asleep.
Fast asleep
The Minster Bells Weep - My law firm have given me a set of rules.
The Minster Bells Weep - My Law firm have given me a list of rules
How To Kill A Wizard
I called the NSPL, but by the end I was more worried for my life than ever
Someone Stole a Book from a Museum, Now He's Gone Missing
Every time we hear the prayer bells and the screams, someone goes missing from our village.
Lost Entry (2)
The Day I Tried to Live
The Walking Dead aren't cute
THIS IS A TEST - PART II
Surviving an empty earth
A man tries to kill us after we ding dong ditched his house.
To my ex. (sorry for my English.)
Madness and horror, all in one phone
How a lie killed me or a funny psychic story
Race Day, on Mushrooms!
Living with a monster.
I work as a bodyguard for a mob boss.
When the woods go silent
Hey guys, if you're unable to sleep, please check out my online store which sells comfortable apparels and its designs are based on the Malayan tiger (hence, the name Harimau). There's a promo code STAYATHOME to have 20% off all products!
The Illuminati is real and I’m part of it
This whole virus thing is the least of my worries
God is alive, and I heard his broadcast on my radio.
I thought fear had limits.
Cryp-Ted Trucks (2)
Babysitter
Hellfire Children
Dog eating cereal with spoon
Babysitting
Was it really a dream?
Sanctorum - Part 1
My Unusual Drunken Experience
Mermaids Aren't What You Think They Are.
The thing behind the wall
I Work At A Library And Something Is Terribly Wrong [Part 3]: The Beginning
Undulating
The House on Witmore Lane
I Work At A Library And Something Is Terribly Wrong [Part 3]: The Beginning
Sanctorum
Sanctorum - Part 1
I Work At A Library And Something Is Terribly Wrong [Part 3]: The Beginning
There's something wrong with the statues at my Grandma's House
Them (part 1)
Lost Entry (2)
Purgatory
CrypTed Trucks
A Wendigo is terrorizing me and my dog (part 2)
Help?
Ted Trucks
Hot as Hell
I saw my face on thispersondoesnotexist
Oh how the Minster Bells Weep
I'm not exactly going blind, but something else.
I saw my picture on thispersondoesnotexist
lost.dir [Part 1]
The Pink Man
I'm Beginning to Think This Urban Legend Podcast is About Me
Dating For The Damned
The mysterious life of a cryptid hunter
Dating For The Damned
When the forest goes slient
Spring
I Recently Got A Job At A Toystore, but the Rules I Was Given Almost Made Me Quit. Almost. (Part 1)
Better Than One
It could be already pre world war 3 "biochemical war", what would you do to stay alive?
Beautiful Eyes
I Recently Got A Job At A Toystore, but the Rules I Was Given Almost Made Me Quit. Almost.
I got stuck inside a tank and now strange creatures appeare
The Jesus Ouija Board (Part 4)
The Jesus Ouija Board (Part 4 - FINAL)
I was a Walmart manager by Gl!tchySneeze
Robert the Manager
My car crash put me in a coma for two weeks. Now I hear some strange things when I'm around people.
New Job
Myths, Beasts, and Monster Hunters - (1)
My house is under quarantine.
The woman in the front yard.
The Cat That Lives in My Dreams
Have you heard the beep? Part 2
Birthday Party and Woods [Part 2]
The thing in the mountains
Mysteries in my town
We're Trapped In Our House. Something Is In Here With Us. I Think We're In Hell. PART I
Boyfriend threw my bear in the loft
Working at an amusement park: girls' night in
*FIRST TIME* CRACKING EVERY PART of the Body! | ASMR OSTEOPATH / CHIROPRACTIC ADJUSTMENT
There are forbidden places in the woods
My Uncle's Journal, 1954.
snow fever
snow fever- updated versionMy college sorority is different. – Bastet’s Awakening
[1] I found a box of old journals in my father's house. Something seems eerily real about them.
I'm blind but I think something is trying to imitate my family
I see entities in my sleep, they’re getting even more dangerous
Queens hospital quarantine, part 3
The front desk clerk at Emeldahm Inn isn’t human. [Final]
Between the Boxes - A Leap of Faith
G
my visions curse me
The front desk clerk at Emeldahm Inn isn’t human. [Part 4]
You know the ones that just feel real?
Between the Boxes - A Leap of Faith
My visions curse me
Me dancing recommended
I work at Home Depot, but something here isn't right (Part 3)
The reason we can’t go through mirrors is because the thing inside always blocks your way.
You know the ones that just feel real?
I can't believe what I had done
Update: Operation Harbinger is Happening
They Say Laughter Is Contagious, but So Are Screams
There was a thing in our cabin
Rituals or Things to Try
The Broken Swing
Queens hospital quarantine part 3
My Reflection Stares at Me When I'm not Looking
My Reflections Stares at Me When I'm not Looking
this is very short please take some time to read it
I died.
I Summoned a Succubus
The path that gives and takes
The Games We Play When You’re Not Home
The Lone Hiker
Forbidden places in the woods
this is very short, please take some time to read it
The Spot on the Wall
I've worked with the Paranormal all of my life, they've never given me a warning like this.
ROOMMATES
Just Started A True Stories Narration Channel
People who lived in haunted houses share their CREEPY and PARANORMAL Sto...
In 2012 I Met a Possessed Couch
It's now 2:39 am, I heard a knock on the door and I'm not opening it.
She's the Reason I Can't Watch Porn Anymore...
She's the Reason I Can't Watch Porn Anymore...
My grandpa has a set of rules guests need to follow.
There's something very wrong about my grandparents hometown.
My Camping Story
I built a landing page for a cult on the Deep Web. Now they worship me as a New God
I called the NSPL, but by the end of the call I was more worried that I was going to be murdered.
We're Trapped In Our House. Something Is In Here With Us. I Think We're In Hell. PART I
The Locked Cabinet and the Virus
A group of children stand in a line, a church steeple in the background.
the lady in white..
The Shadow
Have you Ever Seen Real Magic?
When the Ted Bundy clock strikes midnight, I'm afraid for my life
The Thing Behind Your Door
Instructions for staying at Perth hospital
It’s the anniversary of my daughter’s death. I recorded the final call we had last year. I listened to it. I heard something...
lost.dir [Part 1]
I sort by new
Every single passenger in this train is going to die. [Part 4]
TIFU and tried having sex with my friend's couch
Budsturga's Debt: Final
Continue the story &gt;&gt;
Continue the story&gt;&gt; I woke up and my...
Maybe I shouldn’t talk to strangers
TIFU and tried having sex with my friend's couch
I think my mother isn’t my actual mother.
"Hello"
I'm in Quarantine in Italy - and something crazy is happening in the hotel across the way
A conversation about Hell in Bethlehem, Georgia
The Agony From Below
THIS IS A TEST
The Green Man
Wierd, In bed , hears the MCB(electrical circuit breaker) trips off, sees a white gaze, hears a "zwooorp", gets a shock
I'm never hiking in the woods again
In bed, MCB(electrical circuit breaker) trips off , sees a white gaze, hears a "zwooorp" , leg gets a shock.
I had a strange hike the other day
I committed suicide, and am now reliving the same day.
Lost Entry (1)
I’ve Seen Some Shit in the Backwoods of New Jersey
Willow
Acts of Service
I Prank Called A Cult
Willow
Found footage from 90's
Birthday Party and Woods
Good Hard Wood
Tulips
Lost Entry (1)
I don't hike anymore - the cave.
Lost Entry (1)
Contract hunter
Have you heard the beep? Part 2
The best skincare routine of all
I think my daily nightmares are coming true.
I work at a run-down motel. Here are some stories.
SCP Foundation Issued Class-D Journal
Nightmares
The MONSTERMy neighbor is in the KKK
My Friends Got Me Cursed(Finale)
My Final Call As A Police Dispatcher Has Scarred Me
Have anyone tell me that wearing a mask can really prevent the virus?
I never would have dreamed that...
Not a story but a question
I was woken up by a notification, now I'm too scared to go back to sleep...
The strangers at my door are out to get me
Hallucinations In Dreams
My Mom’s Animal Sanctuary: Encounter
The Malevolent Stranger
Oh! Don’t cry! You’ll be begging for more once I’m done!
Need help finding a writer on here!
I work at a run-down motel. Here are some stories.
The sounds
I woke up from a nightmare and now I'm the only one left
There is something in the forest behind my new house.
Semolina
I Use To Manage A Bed &amp; Breakfast By The Sea But I'll Never Do It Again
My Best Friend Is A Serial Killer
I was raised by otherworldly beings
Peeping Tom
Into The Cave of Witches
Get ready to welcome Cthulhu in April...
Get ready to welcome Cthulhu in April...
March 2020 contest nominations
A Man in Second Grade Might Have Been Death. And I Might've Cheated it.
I work at the bar, and sometimes people are not people.
The dog...
Uey I'm music producer from India
It was all a joke
I sort by new
Hey! I'm a music producer from India!
The Fever
Hey ! I'm a music producer from India!
As a kid, I had an accident that has changed me forever
I went into the mirror and there are monsters in my house now pt3
THE GREY PLACE
Stay out of the mountains
Should I make my own facemask?
The House with 100 Doors (Part 6): The Dying Dream
Working at an amusement park: our manager has us do some pretty weird stuff on Halloween
Tap, Tap, Tap
I Tried to Embark on Another Cruise Ship, but there were Always Extra Passengers Onboard
I can see the lives of the animals I eat
I worked at the Coronavirus factory. This is my story.
Quarantine is boring.. so I narrated and reenacted one of the classic stories from r/nosleep
My sixth life
I work the night shift on a cruise. I found a horrifying list of rules. (part 4)
Never mess around with the Vietnam war Ghost Tapes
One morning I woke up, and every human being except me has vanished and got replaced by creatures.
The Fever
Quarantine is boring.. so I narrated and reenacted one of the classic stories from r/nosleep
The outbreak
I live next to a forest. I need help predicting when the creatures visit - The Red Pixies
Im not allowed to see my self at my grandma's house -part 1
Chapter 8 quiz
The Poem
Between the Boxes - The Rules of the Void
Someone is trying to ruin my roommates life.
This is why I sleep with my ears covered at night
For Most of My Life, I've Been Followed By a Woman Covered in Blood
I survived a horrible social experiment. Not everyone can be as lucky. [4]
TOGETHER FOREVER
The front desk clerk at Emeldahm Inn isn’t human. [Part 4]
I had an encounter with the weird kid at school- Who I'm now sure isn't even a kid.
One morning I woke up, and every human being except me has vanished and got replaced by creatures.
Electricity bill
The Broken Swing
Something is happening in my hometown and I'm completely terrified. I don't know what to think... [Part 6]
Something is happening in my hometown and I am completely terrified. I don't know what to think. [Part 6]
I witnessed a Virus far worse than COVID-19
Sparky's Shoes
The slug
I look outside everyday and I see my "twin"
Hello, My name is Creatorda Guardian just a code name.
Trapped by my nightmare
I volunteered to be ‘vanished’ by a cheesy TV magician
Dead ocean
Blair Witch + Chernobyl = The Pripyat Ghosts
Lucy was a smart girl
Am i crazy? (1)
We should have never gone on Grandma's Scavenger Hunt
Suspect that my phone is tapped
I swear, there really was something in my closet...
Being A Vegan
I always have the same feeling
Help me find my old favorite?
I used to love going on walks through the woods, not anymore...
Every single passenger in this train is going to die. [Part 3]
A strange Painting
Heat Lightning
Phantom alarms
Forgotten memory
Ouija board knocks back
The Jesus Ouija Board (Pt 3)
I'm just writing. Writing writing writing
The Unsettling Case of Daisy Lenore: A Chart Review (Finale)
I'm just writing. Writing writing writing.
A dream I had recently had me frozen to my bedI owe my childhood to Gator Pond
My college sorority is different. Only half the members are human – Menhunter and The Punisher
The television watches me every night and expects original programming
All I Saw Was Red
My friend got me started on a new fad diet, but I’m growing concerned about the rash measures advised by the program.
My friends keep dying through suicide.
Plague
I accidentally downloaded a demon from Steam. It’s killing people and I’m not sorry
Every single passenger in this train is going to die. [Part 3]
The Toll - Part 1
Bloody Tales: Two Sisters
Budsturga's Debt: Part 4
Scary Camping Story
February 2020 Winners!
The thing that has no shape.
Alone in Quarantine
I moved into a new house, I wish i hadn't ...
I used to not be afraid of heights. That all changed last week.
I Sell Used Clothes Online
Working hard
He found me
The Campfire
My son sees someone at his window every night. I thought he was crazy.
Stuck in a loop
Do Not Call The Police: when did the natural end and the supernatural begin?
South Woods
Wicked Little Things
I Work At A Library And Something Is Terribly Wrong [Part 2]
Why I never go out of my room after 1:00 A.M
The adults all make sure we're asleep when curfew arrives. I finally found out why.
My mom went to use the restroom. Someone else came back.
The Body
The body
I've been hunted by cryptids and monsters my whole life.I've got stories to tell.
I can hear them when they walk
I'll never know what happened to Loretta Lee.
THE MOST TERRIFYING STORY YOU WILL EVER READ
I'll never know what happened to Loretta Lee.
I'll never know what happened to Loretta Lee.
Don't approach naked women in the rain
The story of Loretta Lee my hometown refuses to discuss to this day.
Woo (Part 3)
Dreams that repeat and repeat, no matter how hard I try to deny them.
THE MOST TERRIFYING STORY YOU WILL EVER READ
The Pilgrim
The Apartment Complex I Moved Into Has Some Very Strange Rule (part 4)
The Pill Mill Chronicles
What Was Left Of Downtown
What Was Left Of Downtown
Encounter of Evil (Part 1)
What Was Left Of Downtown
Have you heard the beep?
42 hours (sattire)
A transcription of everything I saw when I peeked through my neighbor’s garage window on my way home yesterday
Philippine Motel
YouTube.com/sixsixseven
I Work At A Library And Something Is Terribly Wrong [Part 2]
They Are After Me. {Part 2}
My Friends Got Me Cursed (Part 3)
Something explainable has been stalking the hiking trails near my house.
My friends and I tried to make a short film at this old abandoned ROTC camp last summer and a bunch of weird shit happened
Philippine Motel
Sleep
Corrupted Memory
How to Survive Camping: a place without shadows
The boy disappeared into the forest...
I Work At A Library And Something Is Terribly Wrong [Part 2]
Corrupted Memory
Every single passenger in this train is going to die. [3]
We Can Be Better
The Boy Disappeared into the forest...
It was just before sunrise...
My Mom Checks In On Me When I Sleep
Have you ever wondered if there is multiple realities? I know and they are - He found me
I was in a car crash in an unknown area,and now there's creatures trying to kill me.
I feel that as global warming is increasing, COVID19 are the ways to slow it down.
The Man in the Tub
A Married Couple Resided on a House nearby a Forest After their Daughter's Death.
The Doll
Have you ever wondered if there multiple realities? I know and they are - He found me
The Forest [Part 1]
Has anyone heard the beep?
I was in a car crash in an unknown area,and now there's creatures trying to kill me.
My Mom’s Animal Sanctuary: Before
I’m the son of an army ranger. I’m also the army’s greatest mistake.
There's a hole in the ceiling of my local McDonald's.
The world is in trouble
The Wrong Person
Nobody gets death.
I'm a wendigo, but not a normal one. Part 2
I was an officer called to the scene of a homicide. Something else happened and I'm back to share more. (Part 2)
Confessions of a Serial Killer, Part 1
Bereavement
NASA Documents: March 2001
PART II: The Way the Bunsen Burned
Jeff The Killer: Bereavement
My friend sent me a creepy message some years ago.....
Pandemic (part 3)
We're Supposed to Believe That We're Being Quarantined Because of Covid-19, But It's Definitely Not That
I joined a support group that promised to "cure" me of my phobia. Valo is terrified of the number eight. [3]My Doll
Working at an amusement park: I hitched a ride on the Stagecoach today
They Are After Me. {Part 1}
Have you ever wondered if theres multiple realities? I know and they are terrifying - He found me
Tentacles (Part I)
The Stickman
The Deranged Mailman
I keep hearing things outside at night.
I used to be a psychiatrist
Prowl of the Aye-Aye
I started working the night shift on a cruise. I found a horrifying list of rules (part 3)
Every single passenger in this train is going to die. [Part 3]
There are forbidden places in the woods no one should go to
Testimony of a hidden Cannibal
I work the night shift on a cruise. I found a horrifying list of rules (part 3)
What Man Wasn’t Meant To Know (Part 3)
The mysterious life of a cryptid hunter
I was upset that I had no company during quarantine but now I wish I would be left alone.
20-40 meteors hit the earth in multiple places. But thats not what caused our extinction
6-E-Q-U-J-5
Between the Boxes
She gave me anything my heart desired... it wasn't enough.
The front desk clerk at Emeldahm Inn isn’t human. [Part 3]
Testimony of a hidden Cannibal
Some people on the NYC subway are not alive
I just lost my virginity, but I was wondering if every penis does this.
The interview that brought downfall: Part 1
There's an empty ice cream truck at the end of the street but it won't leave until someone buys something
My Girlfriend Vanished, But She Left A Notebook. #1/2
There's something wrong with Mr. Scoopy's ice cream
Have you ever wondered if there is multiple realities? I know and they are terrifying - He found me
The Company I Worked For Encouraged Us to Kill Ourselves
My Girlfriend Vanished, But She Left A Notebook. #1/2
The interview that brought downfall: Part 1
My Girlfriend Vanished, But She Left A Notebook. #1/2
Walking toward naked women in the rain isn't a good idea
Do you know what cats and humans have in common?
My Girlfriend Vanished, But She Left A Notebook. #1/2
I survived a horrible social experiment. This round is slowly becoming a bloodbath. [3]
SMALL BOY USE BY GOD AS HIS SERVANT - Nigerian Christian Movies 2020 Mou...
Boyfriend always talks about friend/talks to her without my knowledge
Accounts From A Monster Hunter
Never camp in the slieve bloom mountains!
The Growing Room
Accounts From A Monster Hunter
Night Security Nearly Killed Me Part 3 of 3
Vivid
The CrabLobster Monsters are Probably not Real.
It's much worse than we expected - I've been living in my apartment for a year, and recently its been scaring me [Part 5]
I've been living in my apartment for a year, and recently its been scaring me. It's much worse than we expected. [Part 5]
The Windigo Graveyard - Part Two
Have you ever wondered in there is multiple realities? I know and they are terrifying - He found me
I'm scared for my "sweet 16" - part 2
Every single passenger in this train is going to die. [Part 3]
do not delete.
Never camp in the sleeve bloom mountains Ireland
The Cartel and the demise of Alejandro, a pedophile.
I shuddered to imagine why those unholy creatures brought upon humanity's downfall and sometimes I wish i were to know how this happened... that is, until I saw the VHS: Pt 1
"I woke up."
The Morphos Were Talking: Part One
Every single passenger in this train is going to die. [Part 3]
Stay hydrated
A Video That Kills People Who Watches Them. I Tried to Watch it Myself.
Every single passenger in this train is going to die. [Part 3]
I'm a grievance counsellor helping the recently deceased. My colleague isn't the only one experiencing things out of the ordinary... [Part 2]
Do Not Ignore the Feeling that You're Being Watched
I went hunting in one of the local forests...
Do Not Ignore the Feeling that You're Being Watched
I know he died two weeks ago. There’s only one complication: there he was. Sitting opposite me.
Who am I?
They tried to steal a body from morgue
Do Not Ignore the Feeling that Someone is Watching You
I might as well write this while I wait and see if they find me
I'm a funeral director and moonlight as a psychologist
Have you ever wondered if there are multiple realities? I know and they are terrifying. He found me
Have you ever wondered if there are multiple realities? I know and they are terrifying. Part 2 - He found me
Under the Electric Sun
I was curious about how serial killers think, but now I wish I was dead
My grandma used to tell me scary stories when I was little. The one she told me on my 5th birthday still makes me feel sick.
The voice from downstairs.
Every single passenger in this train is going to die. [Part 3]
The Noises Next Door Keep Me Awake At Night
My wife just bought a doll 4 [Finale]
My encounter with the super natural
C.f.M.D [PART 1]
There is something more sinister about covid-19 happening that the military is hiding from us...... #1
Where am I?
Budsturga's Debt: Part 3
The Drowned
Little Things
I feel watched/I'm scared for my "sweet 16"
I'm scared for my "sweet 16"
TRUE CORONA VIRUS HORROR STORY
The "Manananggal"
The "Manananggal"
I'm a claudette main and I need help with the perk build
TRUE CORONA VIRUS HORROR STORY
The "Manananggal"
My porn addiction has ruined my love of Comic Books.
I Lived In A Dangerous Haunted DormitoryTwenty years ago, somebody took my kidney. Today I found out he was.
Why I Don't Lucid Dream Anymore
Haven't you wanted to kill someone?
buds in quarantine come show some love
I Work At A Library And Something Is Terribly Wrong
Testimony of a hidden Cannibal
The time I encountered by a demon p/1
It's OK
There are Forbidden places in the woods
Forbidden places in the woods
“Forbidden places in the woods,” by M.C. Allen
Tales From A Lonely Motel: 6
My Skin Walker Story
Idk what it is
Have you ever wondered if theres multiple realities? I know and they are terrifying. Part two - They found me
.
I don't hike anymore.
My college sorority is different. Only half the members are human – The initiation
Something is terrorizing me and my dog
Missing Gold
/r no sleep I'm scared for my "sweet 16"
Jeff The Killer Part 3
Definition of reality
My Beautiful Girlfriend
I’ve been in a loop for 23 hours circling the same neighborhood
I woke up to a full-body apparition.
I always tried to keep my supernatural side suppressed, today was the tipping point
My son sees someone at his window every night. I thought he was crazy.
The figure
I woke up in a dark building with a group of 100, only 2 got out
How to Survive Camping: Rule #10 - the thing in the dark
The Many Eyes of my Mother
The interview that brought downfall: Pt 1
The faces
The Unknowable Ones, Part 2
The Unknowable Ones, Part 2 (Ending)
My friend isn't himself - Final
TRUE QUARANTINE HORROR STORY
Her boyfriend disappeared, and I had nothing to do with it
PART TWO: The Way The Bunsen Burned
True Quarantine Horror Story
My Friends Got Me Cursed(Part 2)
Team-building, hotdog eating contest.
We watched The Children guard the doors to the sky, and we pondered.
Do all pregnant women smell this bad?
I'm not the last one
Triggered by my eyeliner
The Jesus Ouija Board (Pt 2)
Robbie treats all of his best friends really well
Sky Turtle Tours
The Way the Bunsen Burned
I used to drive for Lyft for about three weeks. This is what happened before I stopped.
Gato, the Cartel, and their dealings with pedophiles...
The Otherfucker
Tales From A Bored High-School Student - Entry #1 - My Attempt At Channel Infinity
The Otherfucker
Tales From A Bored High-School Student - Entry #1 - My Successful(?) Attempt At Channel Infinity
The Otherfucker (or, For God's Sake, Don't Read This)
China Abduction Cont.
Them
Assaulted and Abducted in China
My dog isn't my dog anymore.
I've Been Offered 100k To Stand in a Room. Every Night. Alone.
I don't want to be one of them.
My Dog Isn't My Dog Anymore
Question about a story I wanna post here
Hachishakusama
A few years ago, I trapped a demon in my closet, last week, my nephew unlocked it somehow, and I’m afraid it attached itself to him. [part 1]
Do You Want to Learn How To Paint?
I am sitting in my basement with a loaded shotgun ready to defend myself
The Night Man
A few weeks ago I broke up with my girlfriend, now she is trying to kill me
I've recently gotten back into 8 Ball Pool
Have you ever wondered if you theres multiple realities? I know and they are terrifying.
The Night I Lost Everything
Working at an amusement park: Firewater
that little feeling
There’s something in the walls.
those little feelings
NOT HORROR NEED HELP WITH RULES
If only I had grabbed my phone.
The Everlasting House [1]
Change
The swamps and their many secrets [part 1]
The girl with the old face
9 years living with ghost children
The Womb of New Eden
Im Not Crazy, That Entity Is Real
I was an officer called to the scene of a homicide. Something weird happened, and I'm back to tell more. (Part 2)
Run, so that I might give chase
The front desk clerk at Emeldahm Inn isn’t human. [Part 2]
Run, so that I might give chase
I Work In a Lab That Tried to Cure Viruses... We Accidentally Created Something Much Worse
The countrywide killings of parents. (Part 1)
I'm a Chinese Intelligence Officer and this is not a Virus
Beautiful inside
The fatal sleep phenomenon (part 1)
The doll
An internet "cult" promised to have all our dreams come true. Gamer556 wanted to do "something special". [PART 2]
My husband doesn't love me anymore.Run, so that I might give chase
crooked man (not mine)
The Boomer Purge (Part 1)
Kid killer or deadly dream?
The beginning of countrywide murders in name of self defence. (Part 1)
All teenagers in the town killed their parents in self defence. (Part l)
Afghan Mountains
I’m stuck in IKEA, here’s my story before I go. (SCP-3008)
My gynecologist bit his nails
I Performed the Lacuna Procedure - I'm Sorry
UPDATE: I guess it never left....
The town I live in follows a strange set of rules....(part 2)
I am terrified of the dark
I was sent to find the cure for hunger in 1998
Ramblings From an Isolated Crocodile Clip
After my mom died, I started hearing voices
The Dreadful Scent
12 shadows 1 person (not real)
The Scissor man
The Other Sister
The stranger at the club.
Night Security Nearly Killed Me Part 2 of 3
Floor 10: As Below, So Above
So, I work the overnight shift in a parking kiosk, and last night I found these pages... And I'm having a hard time not thinking about them. (Part 2)
Out of Hand
I started working the night shift on a cruise. I found a horrifying list of rules (part 2)
On and On and On
My dealer offered me $5000 to test a new drug, but now I wish I hadn't
My grandma said something that gave me a chill
My wife went missing last year [5]
The Day the Sun didn't Rise
test and go
Something broke into the attic window. It was not human.
I review community reports on a certain social media platform. Here's a report which I'll never forget.
The Hunter
The ice cream man.
I woke up in a lab, what I found horrified me
I was curious about how serial killers think, but wish I hadn't asked
Me and my son went to a carnival but got trapped there for years but it was just a dream I had while in a coma from the dream.
The Nightmare Sequence.
Every single passenger in this train is going to die. [Part 2]
THAT THING in the corner....
the ghost in my parents bedroom
BOY SCOUT
Life :(
Should I be worried about my wife's puppet show?
Budsturga's Debt: Part 2
[serious] what’s the most fear filled situation you’ve ever been in?
I think I found a website I shouldn’t have...
There’s something about my Tias house.
My Brother's Spirit Wants Me Now
Someone was suffocating me when i woke up...
JOIN THE ADVENTURE BELOW :
My mamma works so hard
I went into Ikea to get some screws, I'm now stuck in an endless Ikea. #1
Schoolwide Survey
I started running late at night
Goldenrod
Goldenrod
The worst heist I've ever been a part of
Wealth Disparity and how it exacerbates crises.
Thin Forest. Camping.
I've been living in my apartment for a year, and recently its been scaring me [Part 4]
I test driven a car from a dealership. The test drive route had a list of strange rules on the dashboard.
The Seer From the Past (Pt. 1)
I'm a night guard at a local subway station. I found a second user manual outlining some disturbing rules Part 1 (Story by - not_neccesarily)
My Mom’s Animal Sanctuary: This Morning
Why won’t the man in the television die? [PART 2]
So I've had this dream of an endless white maze since I was a child. I'll wake up all sweaty with my heart pounding. What's my brain up to?
The man
Shadow People Research Facility Central Texas - Slow Heart Attractor Technique.
My Great Grandmothers Piano
I'm looking for a story
My friend just turned 11. We didn't expect a demon to show up at his sleepover birthday party.
I used to work in a prison
SHELTER
My Mom’s Animal Sanctuary: This Morning
Ever think death was easier?
I heard a loud, bloodcurdling scream. It came from inside the house. Part 1
I’m not going back
I'm testing out a new medication, and I'm not myself anymore. [PART 3]
I worked in a maximum security prison.
Test post
Test post
I was an officer called to the scene of a homicide. What happened next is the real kicker. (Part 1)
Tapping
Not related
I found a diary in my grandma's basement
I'm going through ten million years of pain and I don't know a way out.
How to Survive Camping: I've lost my campground
Test
I Performed the Lacuna Procedure - I'm Sorry [Part 1/2]
Have you ever wondered if theres multiple realities? Well there is.
My husband is an astronaut. He was sent home after eating lettuce grown in space
I Performed the Lacuna Procedure - I'm Sorry (1/2)
My boyfriend disappeared, and I think I know who has him
Have you ever wondered if theres multiple realities? There is.
The Unknowable Ones, Part 1
So, I work the overnight shift in a parking kiosk, and last night I found these pages... And I'm having a hard time not thinking about them. (Part 2)
Have you ever went to a different reality? I have.The Unknowable Ones, Part 1
The Unknowable Ones, Part 1
Don't think or say these 6 words or They will find and kill you
So is this community for actual real creepy stories that happened or are they just purely for entertainment purposes and aren’t supposed to necessarily be true?
The Unknowable Ones, Part 1
Do they miss us?
The Unknowable Ones, Part 1
The Unknowable Ones, Part 1
The Unknowable Ones -- Part 1
Have you ever seen a spider and thought theres one crawling on you? That's because there is.
They're Just Standing There Waiting For Us
The Girl who Could See Death
Pandemic (part 2)
The Day the Sun didn’t Rise
The government deployed me to a country that doesn’t exist Part IV
I haven't seen the moon in almost 2 weeks.
My Friends Got Me Cursed
Pandemic (part 2)
Something bad happened 66 years ago
The Noises Next Door Keep Me Awake During My Forced Quarantine
My friend sent me a creepy message some years ago
Something terrible happened 64 years ago
The Great Destroyer
Storys?
An abandoned stroller rolled across a street with a baby crying in it
Does anyone have stories of bipedal cryptids, like sasquach, bigfoot, yetis, or rock apes or any of the sort y'all like to share?
An abandoned stroller rolled across the street with a crying baby in it.
My Mom’s Animal Sanctuary: This Morning.
What if it is Just a Simulation?
An an abandoned stroller crossed the street with a crying baby in it.
Watched
Green Sludge
Unclean
Is this Adulting?
I was wrongfully arrested for murder on my 18th birthday. I refuse to keep what happened in the interrogation room a secret any longer. (FINALE)
Experimental Addiction Cure:
"The Clouder" Part 2.
My Sleep Paralysis Animated
Working at an amusement park: Mr Scratch
My children were missing for 10 years and they finally came back.
Experimental Addiction Cure
A stroller with a crying baby rolled down the street in front of my sister and I.
Pandemic (part 2)
I work as a pilot for a space freighter transporting materials for a scientific base on Pluto. On the trip I hear knocks outside the ship
Working at an amusement park: Mr Scratch
There was a blackout.
The hotel I’m at doesn’t let me sleep.
Chicago baby
I found a thing under my bed
My friend wanted to prank me with a mask, but things ended up very different.
She Came Knocking
My mamma works so hard
Lollipop
Necklace Of Teeth (Part 2)
A
If You Hear A Siren, Don't Go Outside
If You Hear A Siren, Don't Go Outside
I survived a horrible social experiment. The participants of this round are ruthless [2]
Chicago baby
The darkness is getting closer
The front desk clerk at Emeldahm Inn isn’t human. [Part 1]
God lives deep in the jungle
God lives deep in the jungle (1/2)
Hurricane
The Nightmare Sequence.
My great grandmothers house is buried in my backyard (Pt 2)
The man that follows me while I jog
Necklace of Teeth
I’m a...different...kind of police officer. I’ve never been out of the country before. Part VI
I come from a small town in the Fenlands, and I’ve had some strange experiences.
The Scent
I am Very Real. *FULL STORY*
I won a raffle that I never entered.
Stranger lived with us and disappeared without us knowing anything about her.
The Abandoned Bridge Over Water (real, happened to me)
It feels like everything is happening all over again...
Everything feels like its happening all over again.
My Diabolical Self • Part 15: Brandon
Something terrifying happened 65 years ago and I haven't told anybody
When I was a kid I used to dream about a white maze almost every single night and wake up sweaty and heart pounding
Roadtrip
Article on the Great Capcom Debacle
The Jesus Ouija Board (Pt 1)
A Murderous Masterpiece - an original short story
I’m a Retired Priest. Over the years I’ve heard hundreds of confessions. This is the one I could not stop.
There's One Hell Of A Bug Problem Beneath Hampton Wisconsin
Born to Change the World
Won't you grow with us?
I started working the night shift on a cruise. I found a horrifying list of rules.
Reality Sleep Down Call : Turn Up, Break Down, Get Out
The stereo
An open letter to humans
Every single passenger in this train is going to die.
Don't Go In The Woods (Short Story)
You need to rest
The 10th floor
Edmund Ravens: The Evil Inside
Floor 9: The Lost &amp; Drowned
The Figure (Part 1 and what has been going on)
I found a strange letter at my doorw5aVh5mBo6JLDSXVlkCihZWihUsNJeaIlkCBmYVApoVvQOaFQIGZhUCVlqNAg4mDgYSBS0DmhUCB mYVAppaZooVLQOaFQIGZhUCFgaKJhZlLQNaZQJWWo0CmhW9A4oiFa0CIhUtLS0DJo28NJcSWlX2j QIWnl4WDo0sNJdWWQKKFlaKFSw0l
It's the year 2165, I am the last man on Earth, and I'm going insane.
Why won’t the man in the television die? [PART 2]
Why won’t the man in the television die? [PART 2]
The figure (Part 1 and Follow up of part 1) True Story
The Holes on The Wall Still Remain
I Live in The House of Burning Cats
I'm beginning to think that I am isolated for a different reason. [1]
Nested Birds and Well Fed Dogs
Missing yoUTubEr
A Most Wondrous Spell had Been Given to me
Anyone know of a really cool, yet spooky ghost train story floating around
Budsturga's Debt: Part 1
Family Feud
This Succubus is trying to ruin me, help please.
The family feud
Stimulus package?
Night Security Nearly Killed Me
Its 3 am here, and the mods are probably asleep.
My uncle works for the government and has been missing for 4 months.
The Noises Next Door Keep Me Awake During My Forced Quarantine
Family truth
My wife went missing last year [4]
The worst night of my life was the night I left home.
Why won’t the man in the television die? [PART 2]
Why won’t the man in the television die? [PART 2]
Why won’t the man in the television die? [PART 2]
I don't think I can be with my wife and child anymore.
The Library. (Part 1)
If you can't hear an echo leave.
My wife used to have brown eyes, but now they're blue.
Outside in the rain
Little girl
How a birthday party turned to a murder mystery...
I Just Got A Job At A Hotel! Part 2
My Mom’s Animal Sancutary
The Unsettling Case of Daisy Lenore: A Chart Review (Part 3)
I used to sleep with a mirror at the end of my bed. Now I don't own any mirrors at all.
I've been living in my apartment for a year, and recently its been scaring me [Part 3]
The Queen of the Castle
The Library. (Part 1)
I'm Beginning to Think This Urban Legend Podcast is About Me [Part 518]
How lucid dreaming turned my dreams into a reality
So, I work the overnight shift in a parking kiosk, and last night I found these pages... And I'm having a hard time not thinking about them.
I didn’t catch my dates name, and i don’t think i ever will
Songs of Yggdrasil, my brother's journal pt. 3
I work the overnight shift at a parking kiosk, and recently I've been finding these pages...
The Crackler
Songs of Yggdrasil (my brother's journal pt.3)
Im stuck on a platform in the sky
Goodbye Mommy
My neighbors aren’t human... and soon... neither will I be.
The people at the end of my bed who just stare at me
The Necklace Of Teeth (Part 1)
My puppet is it’s own being and she is sharing secrets
The people at the end of my bed who just stare at me
The Earl of Sandwich
We skipped 3am.
I've been having weird dreams, and I'm trying to keep a journal (2)
be careful in the backwoods of Georgia
The kids in the woods
Siren Head Sighting
Monsters II
It is clear the only option is suicide, the ending of my family line.
I finally believe in the paranormal
I didn't know where to post that, but I've found some cool way to summon demons.
"The Clouder"
Dark web story....
Dark web story...
Dark Web...
I performed one of the most wicked spells possible on my archenemy. I'm beginning to regret it.
Beautiful Light
I was Rear Ended by a Murderer, I Just Woke Up Next to Myself in a Hospital Bed.
At Night I hear them Feast
Shadowless
I'm being replaced by a mannequin.
Whatever you do, DON’T play Truth or Dare on Halloween.
Pandemic
The woods of Sweden
Shadowless
I started working a night job on a cruise ship and I found a horrifying list of rules (part 1)
Shadowless//Part 1
My friend disappeared from the orphanage one night, I wish I could go back to being ignorant.
hi
Disneyland's Closed, But Not Empty [Part 2]
My gut instincts
Shadowless
The government deployed me to a country that doesn’t exist Part III
hi this is a short experience i had
The government deployed me to a country that doesn’t exist (Part III)
Normality is boring
I ignored the warnings about the stairs in the woods (Part 1)
My friend isn't himself - Part 3
Stuck in my house
I am starting to believe that I'm not the only one in my house...
Working at an amusement park: today was a huge letdown
Body Count.
I Used To Work At A Human Farm, It's Very Disturbing, I've Warned You.
Pandemic
I thought moving to a small town would be nice. I couldn't have been more wrong...All I know about the gristers
Why won’t the man on the television die?
Ex from Hell
PLEASE READ URGENT VIRUS WARNING
You are ill, you need to rest
I played a game with my friends and now two of them are dead
Disneyland's Closed, But Not Empty [Part 2]
The True story of the Virus (and what is to come)
It Is Safer In the City
A PSA from a Bug Chaser: Stay Home During This Pandemic
Art Teacher
The Dullahan
Today, I met my doppelganger.
Do not enter
I'm on a plane and I think my Pilot is possessed
File case 10325 HPD: Hellbound Children. [Part 1]
Do not enter
Hey i opened this account because a friend recommended it to me i wanna share my paranormal experience just because i think its supper entertaining and also to get other people's opinions
Finally got around to uploading the details and the drawing from my dream journal! Sorry for the rant at the end but I've been feeling down for months.
I survived a horrible social experiment but something drew me back to the lab
Finally got around to uploading the details and the drawing from my dream journal! Sorry for the rant at the end but I've been feeling down for months.
Have you ever witnessed something mysterious? Share your story!
I am Very Real. *FULL SERIES*
They're in my Dreams.
Come to the Dark
The Safe Place
They are Back.
RUN (Part 2)
I was a hitman for the past 12 years, and this made me stop.
RUN (Part 2)
RUN (Part 2)
The Traveling Murder Show
Bleeding Floor
I'm not touching you
Hello, Stranger
My parents gave me a cat for my birthday. Now the cat is being "overprotective".
I played 'Never Have I Ever' with my friends, but it turned into the worst night of my life.
(Open Source) Corona Statistics Dashboard in Angular 9 (PWA) + NodeJS Scrapper
(Open Source) Corona Statistics Dashboard in Angular 9 (PWA) + NodeJS Scrapper
(Open Source) Corona Statistics Dashboard in Angular 9 (PWA) + NodeJS Scrapper
(Open Source) Corona Statistics Dashboard in Angular 9 (PWA) + NodeJS Scrapper
I was a hitman for the past 12 years, and this made me stop killing people.
CHANNEL TRAILER | KAZPLO
CHANNEL TRAILER | KAZPLO
Where i go Death follows
A Comedian’s Cry for Help by Tyler Cummings
Tales from Hawkins: Her name is Catherine [Part 1]
Something left my apartment but never ENTERED!!!
I keep hearing weird noises In my house
I'm possessed by a demon, and it's not working out very well.
My grandmother was scared of me.
There was a fairy door in my Aunt's home. I found something inside.
How I got in shape for my dream job
Horror In Oregon
Sleepless In Oregon
5 Videos Paranormales en ESCUELAS
The numbers over her head
I Inherited A Cursed Object
The Legend of Sickleman
Do you know him?
I've Been In Alternate Dimension Mansion For Weeks Final
I've Been Stuck In An Alternate Dimension Mansion For Weeks (PART 2: Finale)
The song that listens to you
Real or just fiction?
I KEEP HEARING A BUNCH OF POUNDING ALL OVER MY HOUSE
I found death along Hatchetman Trail and it sealed my fate.
"Something strange happened in our town"
I saw a spider in the woods... Like, a big one
Repost: I’m watching my aunts house while she’s away, I found a strange set of rules.... (part 3)
What is to Come
The Figures
How A Marriage Ends
The Figures
The Figures
What is to come
The figures
My brother killed her, after she turned into a snake creature.
I can still hear his laugh.
There was a homeless man on my street who used to give prophecies for five dollars apiece. He told me how I die.
My google home original story.
My wife has blue eyes, but when we met they were brown.
I work at Home Depot, but something here isn't right (Part 2)
I run an Air BnB. It’s free, but I have a few unusual rules. (Part 3) Rule #9. The Wrong Reflection
I run an Air BnB. It’s free, but I have a few unusual rules. (Part 3) (Rule 9) The Wrong Reflection
I run an Air BnB. It’s free, but I have a few unusual rules. (Part 3) (Rule 9) The Wrong Reflection
Death keeps following me
DO NOT LOOK OUTSIDE between the hours of 10pm - 1am (in effect starting 4/8)
My wife went missing last year and this goes on forever. [3]
The creature in the woods part 1
Ever since I moved into that old house, I've never been alone.
My wife went missing last year and I'm so cold. [3]
I may have just accidentally danced with the Devil
Paranormal Activities with me at night
The propaganda realm
The Gym Is Still Open
I used to fear my dreams were becoming real. I now am again.
I've been living in my apartment for a year, and recently its been scaring me [Part 2]
The mice make me food
The mice make me food
Help!! I've been Kidnapped and I think my Kidnappers forgot about me.Help me!! I've been kidnapped and I think my kidnappers forgot about me! #1
The thing on the ceiling
A Break in Monotony
Im innocent right?
The Model Room ( Part 1 )
My work had one rule "Never answer the phone if a dead person calls you".
Help! I've been kidnapped and I think my kidnappers forgot about me!
I'm An Actress On The Set Of a Low-budget Slasher Film. I Think They're Really Killing Off My Co-stars PART THIRTEEN [FINALE]
Help! I was kidnapped and I think my kidnappers forgot about me!
Volume I: The Hidden Library [NSFW, Incest, Dark Magic]
A YOUNG ADULT CALLED PETER
Can you hear him laugh too?
I can talk to ghosts; they tell me their last moments that they couldn't forget
The Windigo Graveyard
My great grandmothers house is buried in my backyard
Night guest
Hello, both of your arms and legs are about to be torn from your body.
Hello, both of your arms and legs are about to be torn from your body.
I had a job in prison digging holes
Will You Open the Door?
My Brother Has Very Fragile Skin...One Day He Fell On Cement and Now He's Different
My Brother Has A Disease Where His Skin Is Fragile. At Age 12 He Fell...Now He Has Not Himself.
"It ripped me apart. It tore everything apart. Oh my god. Oh my girth. Oh my god!" #1
My country began a nationwide quarantine because of COVID-19, but I've been seeing more "people" out.
The Sleep Experiment (Final)
My little brother (Part 2)
Spoiled Cotton
River Flood
The mind controlling arcade machine
The Siren Head
My brother's missing, I found some weird stuff in his journal pt. 2
The Woman's Face That Makes Me Shake Whenever I Think About Her
I Simply Mind My Own Bussiness.
I'm Looking For You Right Now
pandemic or common could
56,000 flue deaths a year is normal
Monsters
Disneyland’s Closed, But Not Empty [Part 1]
Et tunc essent quinque
So this is my first post here
My Stalker Got a Bit Too Close
My mom just bought something off the Internet. I'm pretty sure it's going to kill us all.
COVID-19 Fatalities Could be Hiding Something Much Worse, Officials Say
My UFO experience
I Don't Like The Deals My Agent Makes
The government deployed me to a country that doesn’t exist Part II
The government deployed me to a country that doesn’t exist (Part II)
The government deployed me to a country that doesn’t exist (Part II)
Chased Out Of The Woods By A Creature
Chased Out Of The Woods By A Creature
Working at an amusement park: the Nurse
Chased Out Of The Woods At Night By A Creature
The woods in my town are gated. And for a reason...
The House We Lived In Recorded Memories
20,ooo flue dearhs and only 1,000 carnoverna deaths
I'm a grievance counsellor helping the recently deceased. My colleague isn't the only one experiencing things out of the ordinary...
Coronavirus isn't just a type of flu. It's worse.
This restaurant was the only place hiring, and the list shows why (part 2)
This restaurant was the only place hiring and the list shows why
This restaurant was the only place hiring, and the list shows why (part 2)
The Tale of the Two Doors
I need it to be cold.
Strange occurrences in my home
I got a job at a local grocery store and there were some strange rules...
This restaurant was the only place hiring, and the list shows why (part 2)
This restaurant was the only place hiring and the list shows why (part 2)
Excerpts of a Hostage
let me narrate your stories!
The Poison In Me pt.1
Fake Friends are a Burden
Excerpts of a Hostage
Floor 7: Suitcases
The Bride by the lonely shore
Little road.
The Bride by the lonely shore
Hey @u_1map_dude1
Crippleheaded
DO NOT GO TO LAKESVIEW!
My First Quarantine
I am Very Real.
Life in Quarantine
My grandmother owns an antique doll collection. One of the dolls keeps moving places.
Chamber
Lenningvard Academy Creepypasta
The Reckoning - A Covid-19 origin story
We redesign dolls.
seting a bad pressadent
I'm a Police Dispatcher, all my units are going into an Apartment Building, and not coming out.
Realm of Anubis
RUN (Part 1)
Please Help Me.
I'm too terrified to sleep without a night light
Don't randomly insult things. Part-1
I was nervous to go to Afghanistan, but what happened in Kyrgyzstan made me question everything.
I’m going crazy. I’m being watched.
I'm a Police Dispatcher, all my units are going into an Apartment Building, and not coming out.
This fucking creeps the shit out of me
The monsters under the bed.
RUN (Episode 1)
My father is the ice cream man. He teaches people the moon landing never happened.The woods in my town are gated. And for a reason...
I found a place where the sun is silent
some or all
I'm a leaker, but the document I'm disclosing is banned from WikiLeaks. (part two)
My friend hired me to babysit. The house has some weird rules. The Finale [Part 4]
Hddh
Things to do in a Quarantine when you’re Dead: A Game of Murder with the Neighbors
Inside
Room 24/7
I run an Air BnB. It’s free, but I have a few unusual rules. (Part 3) (Rule 9) The Wrong Reflection
The World That Refuses To Stop, A Planet That Moves Forever /No Sleep
I run an Air BnB. It’s free, but I have a few unusual rules. (Part 3) (Rule 9) The Wrong Reflection
I found something inhuman outside my window. Now I'm trying to hide from it.
Reflection
5 Minutes Before Midnight
I'm a Postmates delivery driver based in northwest Las Vegas, NV. I've seen some weird shit.
My Perfect Getaway
The kitchen's sink creates weird sound
My Mom Waits for me to get home every night, Tonight i wish she didn’t
I'm a Postmates delivery driver based in northwest Las Vegas, NV. I've seen some weird shit.
Curtain twitchers Part 1
My little brother (Part 2)
Day: 306
Why we sleep
Always watching me part three
The Grey house I pass everyday.
Someone is breaking into my house and cleaning my dishes when I'm not home
The mayor of my town told everyone to stay home. I disobeyed and saw something terrible.
a secret octopus on a boat
I track down killers on the internet, but now I think I'm the one being hunted.
One Overlaps the Other and the Cycles Continue
One Overlaps the Other and Cycles Continues
The grey house I pass everyday
The Light House
The bulb men
Reperfection (Part One)
Reperfection (Part 1)
It was late last night
I died in my sleep, and what I saw haunts me.
Reperfection (Part 1)
Reperfection (Part 1)
Reperfection (Part 1)
Somebody Help
Lab Experiment
A man who commited suicide is coming for me.
I've been living in my apartment for a year, and recently its been scaring me
My friend isn't himself - Part 2
I've been living in my apartment for a year, and recently, a door has been acting strange
October 21st 2019: CDC level 4 bioweapon information leak on '4chan'
I think im being watched
I'm having this weird dreams about puzzles (part 1)
Rules of the Night (Part 1)
S K I N N E D
I've been having weird dreams,, and I've decided to start keeping a journal (2)
My little brother (Part 2)
i cant anymore he just keeps following me
I'm An Actress On The Set Of a Low-budget Slasher Film. I Think They're Really Killing Off My Co-stars PART TWELVE
My little brother (Part 2)
Something followed me as I was walking home one night.
The Most Haunted County in America: The State Asylum
My little brother (Part 2)
The Candy Wrapper Man
Something followed me home from the woods... And it doesn't seem friendly.
What Man Wasn’t Meant To Know (Part 2)
What Man Wasn’t Meant To Know (Part 2)
Too Close for Comfort
Disneyland’s Corona Chronicles: Mainstreet USA [Part 1]
Rules of the Night
Rules of the Night.
What Man Wasn’t Meant To Know (Part 2)
Disneyland's Corona Chronicles [Mainstreet USA]
Finally met my GF's parents
The Cabin
The Cabin
Bully
The Homeless Reaper - First, I heard their last cries. Then I saw why.
I knew it was my turn
Night shift
I recently got a job to act in a new television series, some of the death scenes look disturbingly real.
What Man Wasn’t Meant To Know (part 2)
I heard loud noises in the intercom, now there’s extinct creatures in the building.
The Mermaid
My therapist is hiding a secret
My hometown county is absolutely fucked up, and everyone turns a blind eye to it
CANADIAN CARDER
Where have all the Children Gone? (part 1)
my brother's missing, I found some weird stuff in his journal
Coal Country and What Lies Below
Those in power should heed this warning.
It’s just a hobby
He was scared of rabbits, we didn't listen
I saw a creepy art design in Montreal
Working at an amusement park: the Aged Diva and the Pianist
The Earl of Sandwich
Anomaly
Crack
help
A Personal Treachery Against God [Final]
The woods in my town are gated. And for a reason...
Is There Something Wrong When My Friend Can Look Me In The Eyes and Tell Me That He Is An Old GODThe woods in my town are gated. And for a reason..
Today is Yesterday
The Cabin
The Dullahan
The Cabin
You want to know the story. Sure then.
I'm a grievance counsellor for the dead. Todays client called himself "The Cicada Man." [2]
An internet "cult" promised to have all our dreams come true. One of the participants wanted to be a werewolf.
I Was Quarantined at a Chuck E. Cheese
I’m a support worker for some interesting clients. My new job is testing my limits.
Doctors of reddit, what made you say "how the fuck is this person still ...
We didn’t save the cicadas, WE will give you back.
The town I live in follows a strange set of rules... (part 1:
Want me to tell the full story here...
Gunshot
The Wastelands
Curiosity kills the Cat
I'm a Float MA and today I worked in Dermatology..
This restaurant was the only place hiring, and the list shows why
My wife went missing last year and I just found a hole in the closet. [2]
Any advice?
What do you guys think happened to my friend
I am a physician in Manhattan. My dead coronavirus patients...
Our city was set on lockdown but I don't think its cause of the coronavirus
The calling of the sea
The Black Painting
Never ask a higher up in your dream when you'll die. You might not like the answer.
I Used To Never Be A Believer, But A Certain Encounter Changed My Mind Forever.
The forest's scream.
Birthday Boy
When one person's mind is hateful enough, one of us is completed (Part 2)
Our Lady of the Woods
When one person's mind is hateful enough, one of us are completed (Final part)
The Man Upstairs.
The secret door
Dad's Last Words
My theatre is performing a play that’s said to be cursed. I’m keeping a journal of what happens just in case.
I joined a support group that promised to "cure" me of my phobia. Thomasine has catoptrophobia. [2]
In a world recovering from an epidemic, a collector is trying to find old books and movies to restore humanity's knowledge
My parents never told me why we moved, So I found out for myself.
My subdivision has a creepy secret
My parents never told me why we moved, I now see why.
The girl with a broken mirror who went to bed early
Melody's Shoes
Charley Horse
The ice cream van
Alexa
I work at Home Depot, but something here isn't right
The Sleep Experiment (Part 4)
Boston Tickler
I'm a government experiment on the run (part 1)
Always watching me part three.
A sleep paralysis or what?
My wife just bought a doll 3
Can anyone suggest any stories? I will give silver to the best
Can anyone suggest any horror stories? I will give silver to the best one.
There's Something Wrong With My Grandmother
Sleep paralysis or what?
With The Dark.
What Would You Do For 5 Million Dollars
I forgot but then realized what happend. BTW my first story.
I think I made a deal with the devil
The Eight Feet Woman
My sleep paralysis is getting worse
Spinning girl video
Short kinda creepy story time
We Will All Get Punished
My sleep paralysis is getting worse
Spinning girl deep web video???
My strange neighbor seems to know an awful lot about the red liquid dripping down my basement wall
My favorite radio station suddenly disappeared, and something weird has replaced it.
I Am A Scientist And I'm Starving Five People To Test My New Pill...The Results Are Shocking P.1
Does anybody have advice?
My Family's Heirloom of Rag Dolls
Floor 6: Till the Walls Bleed
I don't know what's happening in the woods.
I brought haunted nail polish
I survived an exorcism. What they tell you are lies.
How I Became Involved With the Loggers Creek Murders and "Shadow Girl"
I work for Death
We never go out alone during lockdown
Boob Gap
The Hunter entries 6-10 by Tee Stache
I'm living in a abandoned house Whit something hiding in the basement
The Hunter entries 1-5 by Tee Stache
The Neptune Series Part 1 and 2 "The Nights Slave" and "The Real Reason The Police Station is Abandoned"
Spoiled Cotton
I Bought Headphones Off The Dark Web...Now I Can't Take Them Off (Part 2)
Day 1 of nosleep
The Neptune Series Part 1 "The Hunter" Plus an intro
Jimmy John's Final Order
The Frequent
My hotel room has rules that freak me out...
Why I never get sleep
Don't Talk to the New Neighbor
It came from the fields. And it made them a part of it.
The fog swallowed my town, I'm too late
Senioritis
The Wishing Tree
The Organ FarmerI've been having weird dreams, and I've decided to start keeping a journal.
The government deployed me to a country that doesn’t exist (Part II)
I'm An Actress On The Set Of a Low-budget Slasher Film. I Think They're Really Killing Off My Co-stars PART ELEVEN
The Murder Man Ritual
I ignored the warnings of the stairs in the woods (Part 1)
The Reaper of the Homeless - First I heard the cries of others, then I saw why.
The Murder Man Ritual
My school is in lockdown, it was more than what we thought it was
The Earl of Sandwich
The Earl of Sandwich
I work at a nursery. A group of kids won't leave the bathroom. PART 2/3
The Homeless Reaper - On the streets, I heard the cries of others before they died. Then, I saw the cause.
My friend isn't himself
We're hungry
You'll Be Fine
Hide n' Go Seek
A Regular Text Conversation?
ERR: NULL
The government deployed me to a country that doesn’t exist
I need to keep my apartment room checked...
I've Made A Great Discovery at an Even Greater Cost, Save Yourself
The government deployed me to a country that doesn’t exist
The Unsettling Case of Daisy Lenore: A Chart Review (Part 2)
Nosleep Quaterly Ebooks from 2018 - Present
This music is so calming that help you to go to sleep https://open.spotify.com/track/15oCwbNSlLtLeVkEIegSVq
My Lucky Skateboard
The Missing Four
I Work In a Lab That Tried to Cure Viruses... We Accidentally Created Something Much Worse
Don’t go to abandoned places
Why do we sleep?
Need Help remembering a title
What do you guys think happened to my friend?
What do you guys think happened to my friend
What happened to my friend
Working at an amusement park: my shady manager
What do you guys think happened to my friend?
What happened to my friend?
Part One
Ouija board experience
The ice cream truck in my neighborhood sells moon flavored ice cream [Part 6] FINAL
What happened to my friend?
A short story about my great grandfather in WWII
Coronavirus made us ALL forget something important...
The banshee
**Rule Addition Announcement**
I'm a priest of my local church, working confessions is .causing me to lose my faith. (Pt. 1)
There was something strange about my last doctor’s appointment
The virus made me unemployed. I should have stayed that way Pt (3)
We’re staying at an unusual cabin
my garbage guy is really pissing me off -- HELP
A Personal Treachery Against God [Part 2]
Am I going insane?
They Won't Let Me Die
My Grandmother
They won't let me die
My Grandmother (Part 1)
I lost all of my friends 8 years ago today... only they never died truly
The Homeless Reaper - On the streets, I heard the cries of others before they died. Then, I saw the cause.
A Marionette's Strings
HELP!! i have some questions about this demon that i saw 7 years ago and now i've see her(it) almost every night for the past 3 months
I got a strange call from my co-worker and he gave me strange rules
HELP!! i have some questions about this demon that i saw 7 years ago and now i've see her(it) almost every night for the past 3 months
There's something very wrong with the stray I took in.
I love my husband more than anything in the world, so I did what was best for our marriage.
we can win the battle
Give me some funny/horror architecture studio stories
My friend invited me to babysit. The house has some weird rules. [Part 3]
I Don't Like Apples
My friend invited me to babysit. The house has some weird rules. [Part 3]
My friend asked me to babysit. The house has some weird rules [Part 3]
The Other Baby
My dad had cut his hair even though he loves it
I am a security guard who couldn't save people I knew were going to die
A Dog Unlike Any Other
I am a security guard who couldn't save people I knew were going to die
I'm a police officer and no matter what, don't go outside at night
Weird Things Follow Me: The Hole In The Wall, Chapter 1, part 1
Being Immortal is far from you think it is. (Part 1)
I was a security guard who couldn't save people I knew were going to die.
The most horrifying nightmare ill hopefully never have to go through again
My mom made great chicken pies
pöö
Late Night Homework
The Missing 4
It crosses you off
My mom made great chicken pies
The Sleep Experiment (Part 3)
Breaking the silence on Greg Timothy's case, and what do we do now...
The things in the dark (Part 1)
The things in the dark
Looking For Video I Saw Back In 2012
Murderer Pov with a twist NSFW
Always watching me, Part two.
My new friend is missing, can someone please help me?
Crows
Not a horror story, but Happy 10 years!
YouTube channel that soon gets stalked.
Hey there
Random rhought
My subdivision is in lockdown and I know whyAs the raven watches
My wife just bought a doll 2
"A Missing hiker was found dead in the mountains"
I'm a pop music fan from 2026.
6 months ago my friends and I played with an Ouija bored, I'm the only one still alive.
Family memories.
The Tick-Tock Man
I am a Search and Recovery Diver
My wife went missing last year and I just found her diary. [1]
[WP] You/the main character gets caught up in some trouble and gets shot, but you wake up the next day in your bed and perfectly alive.
Floor 5: Wisps and Whisperers
The day I stopped a murder
The day
My subdivision is in lockdown and I know why.
I lost myself along the way in life
I Found A Dating App That Lets You Review People
Do Not Breathe In And Out!!!
My daughter won't let me read stories to her any more.
I think I might've had it. The CV.
The Year Is 2026...
... And The Violin Played On
Shadows wrath
An act of love.
Strange Cargo
the anatomy of a comedown
I asked my dying mom about death. Her answer still haunts me to this day.
Remembering America
Why do things go missing in the woods?
Daniel's Demise
My subdivision is in lockdown, and I know why
My subdivision is in lockdown, and I know why.
True Fear
My subdivision is in lockdown, and I know why (part 1)
Voyager 1 come back with something on it (Part 1)
COVID-19 is not the reason for the city lockdown
There's a statue of a man in my hedge
Pieces of me
Voyager 1 come back with something
Voyager 1 came back with something strange on it (Part 1)
Blink of an eye (PART 1)
I cant sleep and its getting warmer
The Red Cross
Dimensional discomfort is a rather common feeling
I was wrongfully arrested for murder on my 18th birthday. I refuse to keep what happened in the interrogation room a secret any longer.
I'm An Actress On The Set Of a Low-budget Slasher Film. I Think They're Really Killing Off My Co-stars PART TEN
Ive been having sleep issues since yesterday
I work at a nursery. A group of children won't leave the bathroom. PART 1/3
I need help falling asleep
There was something strange about my last doctor’s appointment
My son’s imaginary friend...
No Sharing with the Friends and Family
Welcome to The Apocalypse
Seraphina
I Bought Headphones Off The Dark Web...Now I Can't Take Them Off (Part 2)
The Woods
The Zoo I worked at had strange rules and regulations. This is a story from the heart [Part 6]
The "special child"
The perfect plan
The Girl Who Drew Goats
If you're driving at night and see a crashed car, don't stop
If you're driving at night and see a crashed car, don't stop
The Boonzee
Seraphina
"That maniac was trying to kill me."
Roblox meme horror
Trespasser that disappeared
... And The Violin Played On | Short Sisterly Horror Story
IT
I don’t even know
Voyager 1 came back with something different (Part 1)
OOO OO AA AA (I saw human)
I got in the shower, and I think I came out in a different dimension.
The envelope.
All kinds of Trigger Warnings.
The Street Of Terror.
I am a foster parent and my current foster child seems horrifyingly familiar.
Hallucination or Real?? Advice needed
What I saw changed me...
I Bought Headphones Off The Dark Web...Now I Can't Take Them Off
Almost beat to death
Digging Up A Body In The Middle Of The Night Can Get Weird
i kept having the same dream until it really happened to me
I've been a pilot for 20 years these rules changed me
I Bought Headphones Off The Dark Web...Now I Can't Take Them Off [Part 2]
Man Inside of a Cat Suit.
A New Life
Voyager 1 came back with something on it
My childhood best friend was part of a horrifying experiment, and it changed his life as well as mine. (Part Two)
A horror story
Voyager 1 came back with something strange on it
A New Life
Working at an amusement park: the Stagecoach and the Mime
Hunger
Lennigvard Acdemey
From Stockholm to hell (Final)
Hunger
The Dead are Still Conscious
[It comes at night]
The Abomination in the Kennels
My best friend is an assassin. I’m a kindergarten teacher. We work as partners.The instructor
I work for a secretive organization, something is coming.
My best friend is an assassin. I’m a kindergarten teacher. We work as partners.
Dont follow the kids cries
The Witch's Room
The Clawed Man
Anybody else get ringing in their ears randomly?
My Lucky Skateboard
What Man Wasn’t Meant To Know
I met the boogieman.
What Man Wasn’t Meant To Know (part 1)
Betrayal of the Sleep
What do you guys think happened to my friend
My Dog Came From Hell
What happened to my friend?
What happened to my friend
What do you guys think happened to my friend?
Two floating shapes
I saw a SCP
I think someone broke into my home
A Personal Treachery Against God [Part 1]
Suzy’s missing
I played a game with Death
Suzy’s missing
My first encounter with a yandere
The Adult Tooth Fairy
Hello, Does anyone need help? My code name is Creatorda Guardian.
The room in the attic
My friends and I got locked in school. - part five (finale)
My little brother
Evergreen Laboratories
The room in the attic.
The Apocalypse Is Already Here
I joined a support group that promised to "cure" me of my phobia. The first participant is deathly afraid of clocks. [1]
The banshee
The banshee
unimployment benafitts
I was almost killed by a Cannibalistic Yandare Girl
The things we thought we banished are creeping back in
Social Isolationism - neither as new nor as maddening as you may initially think
The banshee
The room in the attic.
The Cockroach Problem
Nosleep/creepypasta podcasts on Spotify?
My dentist put something inside my gums during my wisdom teeth removal. [Part 2]
Our Garden
Late night writing
My wife just bought a doll 2
I don't like Apples
Faking It
At the subway
The thing that killed my cousin is comming for me
The Sleep Experiment (Part 2)
I've Been Stuck In An Alternate Dimension Mansion For Weeks
I've Been Stuck In An Alternate Dimension Mansion For Weeks (PART 2)
I'm Sorry Mama
I've Been Stuck In An Alternate Dimension Mansion For Weeks (PART 2)
Blink of an eye (PART 1)
I Don't Like Apples
I Don't Like Apples
My wife just bought a doll 2
An Anthology of Final Moments
An Anthology of Final Moments
I don't think I can be with my wife and child anymore.
With Careful Eyes
Alora “Ann Frank” Tefariah One woman’s journey surviving the Corona Invasion
HAPPY 10TH ANNIVERSARY NOSLEEP!!!
Happy 10th Anniversary NoSleep!!!!!
The Apartment Complex I Moved Into has Some Very Strange Rules (Part 3)
I've heard the ///Bells of Yggdrasil/ / / and Its Roots are threaded through ///me
SEX! SEX! SEX!
I've heard The Bells of Yggdrasil and Its Roots are threaded through me and if you listen
Man with long black hair and yellow eyes
Surviving the Rapture
Killing for Cookies
A figure of Blood and Knife
Dear Diary: One Woman’s Journey Through Rona’ Invasion Alora “Ann Frank” Tefariah
A Letter in the Mail
My parents gave me away
If your name is John and you’re 18+: please read this.
Hunted in the Appalachian Trail
An unwelcome guest. Part 1
Stalker best friend
A figure of blood and knife
I got a job as a part time night guard at my local warehouse
Doc, contract killer.
Best friend for life
i can travel back in time for 11 minutes, and i was spending time to a girl who got murdered
I got a job as a part time night guard at my local warehouse
JAB-76842-10
I thought my workplace was just a regular, every day, 9-5 office. I couldn’t have been more wrong. [Part 2]
I recently saw a VHS tape from my youth in which I recognised a girl I lost touch with a long time ago... however I'm starting to wonder if something nefarious happened to her...
I got a job as a part time security guard at my local warehouse
All of this was over Toilet Paper
I haven't slept for a while, I... just can't.
I have heard The Bells of Yggdrasil and Its Roots are threaded through me and you can Hear Them with me
I Bought Headphones Off The Dark Web...Now I Can't Take Them Off
My cousin always gets rid of her fatness. Now her fatness is trying to get rid of her.
Weird dream
A Desert Mirage.Always watching me
I'm An Actress On The Set Of a Low-budget Slasher Film. I Think They're Really Killing Off My Co-stars PART NINE
The fog swallowed my town, soon it'll take everything
Always watching me
Strange suicides are happening in my town after a construction team uncovered something. [Part 2]
Strange suicides are happening in my town after a construction team uncovered something. [Part 2]
You're going to kill your grandmother
i can travel back in the past for 11 minutes, and have been spending time to a girl who was murdered
The Rocking Chair
I Am A Scientist At A Secret Research Facility, What We Made Is Ending the world. (2)
The witch in the lake
My Stalker Agreed to Not Kill Me as Long as I Don’t Leave My Bed
REPLY POST: Has anyone else had a dream carry on while waking up?
A Post From The Past And Future
"Strange Occurrences In Burningham"
When Delilah Came Home
Me and my friends made fun of this shy girl who came to school with face mask and gloves the week before school shut down due to the outbreak.
Always watching me
The corona virus isn’t a virus.
I'm in love for the first time, but he isn't who I thought he was.
I thought I had amnesia, but I was wrong.
Does anyone else do magic tricks? Something went horribly wrong with this trick I found online.
The corona virus isn’t a virus
The New House
I've been hiding in my basement from it and I don't know when it'll leave. Pt.2
Strange sounds or voices coming from outside
There's an Outbreak Within My Town
Last night I had the strangest dream...
Scarecrows whisper.
Scarecrows whisper.
The Apple Trees by Lake Remorie
The graveyard shift (part one)
The grave yard shift part one (FIRST STORY)
Working at an amusement park: the Laughing Cowboy and the Sugar Plum Fairy
Last Night I had, the strangest dream...
If you communicate with a Taoist deity, don’t ask questions you don’t want the answers to.
If you communicate with a Taoist deity, don’t ask questions you don’t want the answers to.
Powerful Marketing Tool
Dream Girl
I have videos showing how everyone dies. I make people watch them while they're still alive.
I am the last man alive on Earth
The Azerbaijan Experment
After what happened, im never going hunting again.
Don't mess around with Ouija Boards, kids.
*EAT MY MEAT BICYCLE!*
My blind date kidnapped me and left me with a killer infection
The massacre of Rio Rico
I run a five star free hotel
Multiples
Incoherence
My name is Joshua Kevin Howard and I move a lot
1-800-deaths doorstep
The Horrors of the Woods (Part 1)
Childhood memories are coming back to me, unfortunately something else is as well
I Found A Bizarre and Disturbing Medical Journal In My Deceased Father's Possessions
The ice cream truck in my neighborhood sells moon flavored ice cream [Part 5]
My brother's classmate died almost thirty years ago. I don't know whether to go to her fathers house with a gun and get it all over with.
I always felt followed whenever i left my house... now i know why
True friends stab you in the front
I went on a disturbing trip to Cologne..
"The Pestilence Must Not Spread..."
I got fired a month ago, my new job comes with some interesting clients.
"The Pestilence Must Not Spread...."
Do not break quarantine. Not even for love. There are forces out there that will punish you.
The One Who Takes Children [Part 2]
Don’t Buy Exotic Fish from A Seedy Petstore
The creature of the disk
I Found A Bizarre and Unsettling Medical Journal in My Deceased Father's Possessions
You Know What You Did
I run a 5 star free hotel
Sheila! I can explain!
My Dead Girlfriend is the Jealous Type
I would trade anything to see him again. Even a life.
God help us all
Who's there?
I’m Afraid to Go to Sleep because I Age in My Dreams
Molly
I own a pig farm and pigs from our town disappears every night
My friend asked me to babysit. The house has some weird rules. [Part 2]
Best of 2019 Nominations
When I was child, the Cat in the Hat came to visit. What he did changed my life.
Mẏ̴̟͝ͅ ̴̤̱̒͌friends and I go̷̧͈̔t locked in sch̷̞͒͂ool - part four
My dentist put something inside my gums during my wisdom teeth removal.
Here's a topic that makes us all uncomfortable.
3232020
What lies Out There
I'm stuck in a time loop that doesn't affect the internet (P1)
Me, Mizell, and Inspector Hole-in-the-Face
Family drama
I
I can't see anyone's faces
My wife just bought a doll
A string of suicides have been happening in my town, I don’t think these are suicides
I am an extraterrestrial being that has been exiled from my home planet. I can also shape-shif!
A string of suicides have been happening in my town, I don’t think they are suicides...
there's howling in the woods again.
The demons are whispering to me again
I am a shapeshifter from a different planet. “They” are onto me though.
I am an extraterrestrial shape shifter. I think “they” are onto me!
My Family's Rubber PlantationI keep getting murdered, and I don’t know why.
I've been hiding in my basement from it and I don't know when it'll leave
I think i’m in another dimension and I NEED TO GET OUT !!!!!
The Sleep Experiment (Part 1)
I keep dying, and I don’t know why.
r/Nosleep | I found a hidden door in my cellar, and I think I've made a ...
Everyone is your enemy, nowhere is safe.
She won't let me leave
The day will come when you won’t be.
The day will come when you won’t be.
The thing
The shadow man haunted me for a few weeks
i think the quarantine is driving me mad. pt. 1
I got a job as a part time security guard at my local warehouse
Mr. Everywhere
I heard a voice in my dream Pt. 2: “A Possible Backstory.”
A Girl's Story (2)
Everyone is going to get Coronavirus.
A Girl's Story
Patient 194
A Girl's Story
I have a bad case of sleep paralysis
Click Chemistry
I was a security guard at a local amusement park. Here’s a story that I was told one my first night
The Land of Terrible Happiness
Stay away from the participants in revival Group N
it is and
I Keep Returning to the Park Where a Mysterious Entity Murdered My Brother
I Hosted a Paranormal TV Show, This is Why it Never Aired. Part 1
Fun-House
My experience with the Beldam
My dad said that he made a pill that will cure mental illnesses, and since then he was never to be found again. (Part 1)
I'm testing out a new medication, and I'm not myself anymore. [PART 2]
"It's all in your head!" Part 1
I found a gold mirror at the dock, but it definitely was not supposed to be there.
Our Son Hasn’t Been Feeling Well
I think I am left here to die.
Armageddon.
My Family Was Cursed With a Demon... He Was Cursed With Us.
The Character; I.
I caused a coronavirus mutation
My experience with the beldam
I been getting texts from my best friend...and there starting to scare me
My Granddad is a warm person.
My friend is known to be loud, but not this loud.
I'm An Actress On The Set Of a Low-budget Slasher Film. I Think They're Really Killing Off My Co-stars PART EIGHT
Strange suicides are happening in my town after a construction team uncovered something.
The horrors of Florida
My family is weird (Part 3)
Never Tell
I work at a small farm.
I have seen the truth of it
Black Out pt 902
The door’s been knocking for hours now...
I Just Got A Job At A Hotel!
The Troxler Experiment (Final)
It Lives Below
I Can Tell You The Exact Moment My Childhood Ended [Finale]
Queens Hospital, quarantined, part 2
Hi, I’m new to this website. I found it by accident. Were you really a queen guard? Is that you in the box.
You’ve heard of Bloody Mary and The Slenderman, but have any of you ever heard of Whistlin’ Willy?
"Tick, Tock, Tak-tak-tak"
Afterparty
That fucking thing
Guys my poop is gay
Psychosis of the mind
The Black Scarecrow, or With The Lights Out It's Less Dangerous
Queens hospital quarantine, part 2
Visualization Technique "God's Death"
You’ve heard of Bloody Mary and the Slenderman, but have any of you ever heard the story of Whistlin’ Willy?
Floor 2: Domus Reprobi Angeli
I recently took a night shift at a hospital, and I had to follow a strange set of rules [Part 2]
The fog swallowed my town, soon it'll take everything
They lied to us. It was not Mountain Lions causing the disappearances in the woods...
Congratulations!
The Black Scarecrow, or With The Lights Out It's Less Dangerous
The banshee
The world is a lie
Congratulations!
Help me, it knows.
Hello. My name is Creatorda Guardian just a code name.
R/NoSleep I am going to a haunted forest, and I may not make it out alive.
The Beast in The Closet
(R/NoSleep) I am going to a haunted forest, and I may not make it out alive.
DO NOT SHOW UP TO HOCKI POKI'S DINER.
If You Love Me
How I survived a plane Hijacking and made friends with the terrorists.
Job
I was invited to the kitchen of the Extraordinary Excelsior. But I'm not allowed to eat the food [1]
I found an abandoned hospital in the woods.
The dogs know when it is near
Don't Lose To The Green Car
I found an abandoned hospital in the woods.
I can't leave
I work at an amusement park. Only half of the monsters here are paid actors.
Every time I have fun, something bad happens.
Democratic Primaries Do-Over
10 Days in Isolation
Every time I laugh, something bad happens.
Kidnappedthe asphodel girl
The fog will soon swallow the world, and all of us with it
The Antichrist Case
10 Days in Isolation (26/M)
The Black Scarecrow, or With The Lights Out It's Less Dangerous
2020 Survivor Journal
This is an ad for my abandoned little town
I got a job as an underground miner and the list of rules that I got were disturbing.
David is dead.
Fun-House
We were sacrifices for the Gods in exchange for their happiness
Mrs Jacob's
L'appel du vide
The Button
I will NEVER work night shifts again
it was dead.....
A Grandma's Love
Someone else was listening
My wife just bought a doll to replace our dead baby
The Stalker
The Begger From The Docks
I’m a Retired Priest. Over the years I’ve heard hundreds of confessions. This is the one I chose to hide.
DO NOT REOPEN IF GUVERNMENT TAKES OVER YOUR BUSNISSES
The Book
The Man on the Swing
Family drama
Family drama
fema temperary hospital are death camps
2020 Won’t be a great year. Part 2
My nephews monster
I know what America did during world war 2
I know what America did during world war 2
I know what America did during world war 2djdjdjxjrjcjfjcjdjdjdjcjfjxjdxjdjcjdjcjfjfjdjfjfjcjdjfjfjfjfjffjfjrjfjrjfjfjfjdjfjfjfjfjfjfjfjfjffjfjjdjffjjf
know a disturbing thing America did during world war 2
There's Something in the Room With Me
There's Something in the Room With Me
Those who the gods wish to punish first turn mad
JIM'S NOT HERE
I’m a leaker, but the document I’m disclosing is banned from WikiLeaks.
What do you think? Can this be a possibility in this day and age?
Everyday the bells sound at 2:30pm, then the storm comes
My friend asked me to babysit. The house has some weird rules. [Part 2]
I can see timers above people's heads. When they reach zero, they die.
My friend asked me to babysit. The house has some weird rules. [Part 2]
I've woken up by an emergency notification, now I'm isolated. #1 *FIXED*
My frien̵̢̒ds and I got locked in schoo̴̝̿l - part 3
Child of the farm. [prologue]
My dad said that he made a pill that will cure mental illnesses, and since then he was never to be found again. (Part 1)
Reddit No Sleep Story: Where is Krishna ?
I've woken up by an emergency notification, now I'm isolated. #1
I've woken up by an emergency notification, now I'm isolated. #1
What's the worst late night walk home experience you have had?
February 2020 Voting Thread
My graveyard has weird rules
Hockey stick
My graveyard job had weird rules
My dad brought a creepy mirror home and now I can’t sleep properly. Part 1
Why my street has no more lights
Dimension of Samhain
Deaths number (Door 105)
Missing Person
I recently took a night shift at a hospital, and I had to follow a strange set of rules [Part 2]
I’d like to share a story, negative comments welcome. Need a boost for share. (Not good at social)
Any Connections...?
They All Laughed at Me
When one of the humans' minds is hateful enough, one of us are finished (Final part)
Doll Named Daro
Getting stuck in my house
sonic exe twoo black sonic revival
sonic exe 2 black sonic’s revival
I recently took a night shift at a hospital, and I had to follow a strange set of rules.
How to Survive Camping: the town should fear me
Fun-House
My dad said that he made a pill that will cure mental illnesses, and since then he was never to be found again. (Part 1)
I worked as a park ranger for a haunted forest but nothing like this has ever happened... [Part 1]
The ice cream truck in my neighborhood sells moon flavored ice cream [Part 4]
Beware: Believe the stories posted on r/nosleep , otherwise, you will also suffer the same fate as mine.
I Woke Up Feeling Numb
2020 Survival Journal
Pure circumstance
20 more minutes and I'm gonna live.
Last night God spoke to me in a vision and instructed me to write it down
For the children.
A Letter to Doctor Brown
Camera
Screaming in the dark
I heard screaming from across the street. I shouldn’t have gone to investigate.
I'm An Actress On The Set Of a Low-budget Slasher Film. I Think They're Really Killing Off My Co-stars PART SEVEN
I’m a school gaurd on a museum and there is creepy rules i found out why.....
I’m working as a night guard for an old library. The rules are a bit disturbing (Final)
I’m working as a night guard for an old library. The rules are pretty disturbing.
I'm testing out a new medication, and I'm not myself anymore.
Truth about the stairways in the woods
(R/NoSleep) I am about to go a haunted forest, and i may not make it out alive.
The Summoning
Something is Wrong with My Online Class
I got on the wrong train
Hey r/nosleep i got a message
Camera (You might need to think to understand this story)
I saw something unnatural in the woods. Im going to investigate.Show some love
A guide to being immortality,
This is true btw
THERE'S SOMETHING STILL DOWN THERE, AND IT'S AFTER ALL OF US.
THERE'S SOMETHING STILL DOWN THERE, IT'S AFTER ALL OF US.
Scars
Disconnected
The Siren Song of Train Horns
Teacher's Camp Baguio Philippines
That Time I Tried To Kill Myself
Don’t go near the eyeless children (Part 2)
Petra is an ancient and beautiful place, but never stay there after dark.
We finally figured out a way to travel back in time, it think the past is best left in the past
I think someone in the woods tried to drug me and my friends while camping
I Can Tell You The Exact Moment My Childhood Ended [Part 1]
I'm a wendigo, but not a normal one. Answer Post
My dark tourist adventure to Russia's Cannibal Island. [Part 2] Day 2.
The SlenderMan 911 call
I Want To Kill Myself But I Cant
The Day I Cried With a Evil Videogame
I'm' a wendigo, but not a normal one. Answer Post
I found some disturbing Easter Eggs in a nature documentary programme I was watching.
I know what America did during world war 2djdjdjxjrjcjfjcjdjdjdjcjfjxjdxjdjcjdjcjfjfjdjfjfjcjdjfjfjfjfjffjfjrjfjrjfjfjfjdjfjfjfjfjfjfjfjfjffjfjjdjffjjf
The Day I Cried (With a Videogame)
I know a disturbing thing America did during world war 2
I'm a wendigo, but not a normal one. Answer post
I painted the world white and everything is perfect.
I know a disturbing thing the US did in world war 2
I know a disturbing thing America did during world war 2
My breaking and entering turned into something horrifying
Florida Is Worse Than They Say
The One Who Takes Children [Part 2]
Footsteps
The Hiking Man
Florida is Worse Than They Say
My Town Had a Set of Rules to Follow On Saturday's.
I Lost My Virginity to My Girlfriend, It Turned Me into a Monster. Part 16
Me Myself And I
The Apartment Beyond Reality
The Woods are more dangerous than ever, because of Mr. Babi
I'm Suicidal, But I Cant Kill Myself
The Fire I'll Never Forget...
Creepy Phone Numbers
The Jiin that haunt my family [PART 1]
My friend asked me to babysit. The house has some weird rules. [Part 1]
Highrise Apartments
A friend of mine asked me to babysit his baby. The house has a very weird set of rules. [Part 1]
The Brude
Jackrabbit and box turtle
I was invited to babysit and they had some very weird rules. [Part one] (Hopefully)
I transport souls to the afterlife and my brother just got into my taxi. [Part 2]
Anywhere in One Hour or Less [Part 2]
I operated a radio station. They had me work for only 30 minutes, and wanted me to leave quickly when my hours were over.
Shadow in the Door
Smiley face
Stick Figures in the Snow
I have a rare condition called amaurosis fugax aka temporary blindness
What are the most devastating pandemics in human history? In true scale
I'm a guard stationed at a 'secret' government prison. A few hours ago, there was a major breach.
A video game told me when my friend was gonna die
:
Traveling The River
The Infinite Christmas Paradigm
pandemic or not a pandemic ???
Doll Eyes
I think my cat can see spirits
McDonald’s Encounter.
I Was a Counselor at Camp Redfern. There's a Reason We Shut Down Early Last Summer.
I Was a Counselor at Camp Redfern. There's a Reason Why We Shut Down Early Last Summer.
GPS
Sanboxers EP1
If You Stop Hearing Anything Hide
GPS
Rules of the Gray Moon Phenomenon
A video game told me when my friend was gonna die.
Sandboxers pilot ep0
My Town Had a Set of Rules To Follow on Saturday's
My dead friend is holding a secret from me
If you see this, You must read it.
Every times I punish my son for watching TV or using smartphone too much, a creature appears (Part 1)
The Boston Subway Stalkers
Something's wrong and for once it isn't the people I work with: Part 2
If you see an ice cream truck named Mister Sicles in your neighborhood... RUN
Every times I punish my son for watching TV or using smartphone too much, a creature appears.
YOSHIDA TELECOMMUNICATIONS SERVICES CALL TRANSCRIPTION RECORDS - KAKUDA TO SENDAI - CALL #4928
The authorities are hiding a new disease from us, people are turning. {Pt 2}
I'm a grievance counsellor and I've just discovered what is it that clowns pray to.
I've Been Stuck In An Alternate Dimension Mansion For Weeks.
Footprints
Creatures are in my house, trying to find me Part 2
20 minutes more and I'm gonna live
My friends and I got locked in school - part 2
Florida Is Worse Than They Say
My contract keeps me up at night.
Cassandra: Corona Virus VS Horongic Weapon || Ep. 1.
Cockroaches
My Contract Keeps Me Up at Night
TheShotToBeatCorona
Sometimes stay away from girls at parties
I watched a weird ad on youtube and now everyone I look at is facelessI don't know if it was a dream.
I don't know if it was a dream.
Dear Humanity, this is why the world ended
I finally found out who he is .
Covid-19
The Bag won’t stop opening...
I am never designing logos again.
Caw, caw!
I never believed in voodoo, but now I know it’s real
My family is weird (Part 2)
Do not look at the closet from 12 to 3 am.
From an unknown source
The Mistakes of God fall at the feet of the Morning Star.
Floor 1: How deep is this lake?
PT.1 of “Its been 10 years since the outbreak”
I'm the Guy Who Writes the Rules
I'm the Guy Who Writes the Rules
41 years, 3 months, 3 weeks, 5 days, 16 hours, 32 minutes, and 4 seconds.
Is this woman me?
Is this woman me?
There Was Definitely Something Wrong With The Tour Guide (Final)
The Brude
Conclusion
The Bed
That one time I met a cracked out guy inside an abandoned middle school
I'm An Actress On The Set Of a Low-budget Slasher Film. I Think They're Really Killing Off My Co-stars PART SIX
FARM.AVI
I'm An Actress On The Set Of a Low-budget Slasher Film. I Think They're Really Killing Off My Co-stars PART SIX
I feel better than ever, but my piss is black now. Should I be worried?
I Hate My Neighbor
I took too much acid and now I think we're in a simulation.
Falling into insanity pt 1 don't tell me to calm down
It Creeps
To Catch A Dentist
The Dock [Part One]
I tried lucid dreaming, it wasn't worth it.
"Naughty John, Naughty John, does his work with his apron on. Cuts your throat and takes your bones, sell 'em off for a coupla stones." ~Part 2~
The Walk to the Bridge
I’m working as a night guard for an old library. The rules are a bit disturbing (Final)
The Woods
I know the truth of COVID-19 I must share it.
Have you ever had any kind of strange occurence while using a radio or any other kind of radio?
Pollen levels were actually quite good today.
Have you ever had a strange occurence while using any kind of radio or walkie talkie?
My neighbors are in a cult.
"Naughty John, Naughty John, does his work with his apron on. Cuts your throat and takes your bones, sell 'em off for a coupla stones." ~Part 2~
Some of my dads sad stories (1 of 3)
One of my fathers sad stories 1 of 3
From Here to Fra'ternity: The Brahpocalypse
Pet Store, but not only for pets (part 5)
I've got a bit of a problem
B R A H P O C A L Y S E (A Tale of Modern Times)
They said my friends are not real
The Purifier
My Nightly Terrors are Returning
Something hides in the woods..
Pet Store, but not only for pets (part 5/finale?)
Because I love you
Pet Store, but not only for pets (Part 5/Finale?)
It Whispered From the Dark - Final Entry
My dark tourist adventure to Russia's Cannibal Island.
My dark tourist adventure to Russia's Cannibal Island.
A trip from Stockholm to hell [Part 2]
The Autonomancer’s Homunculus - Recipe Not Included
My Friend Ramses
The void
Trust accident !!
Since When Do Mannequins Bleed?
The Autonomancer’s Homunculus (Recipe Not Included)
We Need To Talk
The ice cream truck in my neighborhood sells moon flavored ice cream. [Part 3]
There's something worse than the SCP Foundation..
I Was Dared to Spend a night in a Cabin Deep Within the woods, What i saw There Scarred me for the Rest of my life
Her name was Nox (Part 2)
I am a writer and I think my characters are after me [Part 1]
"Naughty John, Naughty John, does his work with his apron on. Cuts your throat and takes your bones, sell 'em off for a coupla stones." ~Part 2~
I am a writer and I think my characters are after me [Part 1]
The Boys and I VS. COVID-19
Real Scary Story that happened to me
Why The Jungle Cruise Really Sunk
I Will Always Love Fire
please never ever try the sins of Saoma ritual
Why my family moved from my old house.
YouTube trapped me inside...I have been trying to get out for 2 years now
Artificial Light
Why my family moved from our old house.
The doll
Addict
The ghost that used to appear in my house every night.
I had bought a pile of items that a dead person owned. Now I regret it.
I work for Styx Taxis, I drive souls to the afterlife...I just picked up a familiar face.
The Unnamed Clone
Plectrum Ghost
I used to love cartoons but now I'm scared
The void
The shadows want to play.
My Best Friend Is Dead And He Is Still Trying To Kill Me
The void
Knocking
[Experience] DON’T play the Midnight Man game!How to survive the apocalypse
My name is Joshua Kevin Howard and the weird things in my life wont stop following me
THERE'S SOMETHING STILL DOWN THERE. IT'S AFTER ALL OF US.
How to Survive - the Indian Jungle
I'm a Forester, and I encountered something I can't explain in an Old Growth Forest. (PART 2)
The Wolf at the Door
Psyllosj87
Psyllosj87
Diamond [part 1]
My dark tourist adventure to Cannibal Island.
An oldie but goodie(Not OC)
He gave me his love, he gave me his life. But when the moon smiled back, it was my time to die.
The call
i Kept Hearing A Loud Noise Downstairs and Its Every Night It Gets Louder And Louder.
Project Batto
This one moment is the reason I will never go back to the Dark Web again.
GOOGLE ID2020 - mark of the beast.
Share Your Local Urban Legends
The locals in my town are disappearing because of the entity’s (Part 1)
I’ve been trapped inside an Empty Prison for the past two years. We shouldn’t have tried to escape. Final part.
The News Has Left Me Rattled
The Apartment Complex I Moved Into Has Some Very Strange Rules (Part 2)
Summary of my life.
A video game told me when my friend was gonna die.
Log 1, 2025
Conspiracy Entertainment! Read the very bottom before indulging, and add to the speculation in the comments for fun!
[Serious] Info about Hooded man in dreams?
The virus made me unemployed. I should have stayed that way. Pt (2)
I heared a strange noise all day
I saw it
University Tunnels
The Night
Creatures are in my house, trying to find me
My sister suddenly fell into a coma. I realised she was now something else.
The therapist
The therapist
Please, go to sleep.
The therapist
The therapist
My dad just burst into my room or at least I hope it’s him...
Why won’t you just stop it, who’s next?
My dad just burst into my room or at least I hope it was him...
Home Renovations
My friends and I got locked in school - part 1
Who’s next
The Suicide Note
When Psychics And Writers Collide
First Day
The walls hold their screams, and I can't hear my own.
2020 Won’t be a great year.
I took a video of my cat on Instagram and it glitched and friends couldn't see it
I can’t sleep
I can’t sleep
An Untold Truth
Something scary in the desert
My door turns darker everyday. I found the disturbing truth behind it too late.
The Untold truth ( #1)
My grandma found a doll In her room when she was a kid and still has it!!
I tricked Candyman into killing my highschool bully
Coronavirus is an alien pathogen from a group of extraterrestrials that share similar DNA to the pangolin
The man in my attic
A tape recorder
I live in a cabin near a town full of insane people
The man in my attic
I'm so happy Reddit exists. The people on here are the best.
Why closing your door at night keeps you safe.
Jarret’s Dirge
billboard that had a sign that cranked
Cosplay
Whatever you do, don't ever look at the gap between the train and the platform
My school is empty: It was full hours ago
a boy and his serial killer dad (part one)
Uncle Jacob's Farm
I'm a pyrokinetic and something found me
the interview
The reason why I hate suits
I may need help..
Gj
Gj
Gj
Hello
I may need help.
Lumpy Mattress
The Purifier
I cremated my wife, but then I saw her boarding a train in Amsterdam two years later.
Hello
Short story
Why I Quit Hiking
N.A.S.A misson #456 Galaxy exploration
Hello [Short Story]
One of my worst nightmares...
I think someone is in quarantine with me.
Call it what you will: fate, divine gifting, destiny. Take your pick. I don’t give a damn what it is. I just want it gone.
The Ladder
This is my last time going camping
This is my last time going camping
I'm An Actress On The Set Of a Low-budget Slasher Film. I Think They're Really Killing Off My Co-stars PART FIVE
Immortality, or The Trumpist Agenda Part 2
There's a man visiting me everynight
There is a haunted hotel in my town, in which alot of people died. I still have nightmares from that place.I’m in the worlds biggest beauty pageant, but I suspect there’s something more going on... (Series)
PANDEMIC
Me and my friend saw a ghost at the same time and nobody else did
The silhouette creatures from the facility have spread into my house, and they are after me.
It’s been six days since i checked into a hospital in queens, I don’t want to say which, I don’t want to spread panic.
"Naughty John, Naughty John, does his work with his apron on. Cuts your throat and takes your bones, sell 'em off for a coupla stones."
My family is weird
There is a haunted hotel in my town, in which over 100 people died. I still have nightmares of it.
Why I don't go in guest rooms
Why I don't go into guest rooms
My Dad's job was Hell, now it's my turn.
Strangest things found in the woods (real stories only)
The Night Itself
What strange things did you find in the woods (real stories) ?
These... things are invading my everyday life, but everyone thinks i'm insane.
There are Vampire Porn-Stars in my basement, and I think they're killing somebody.
The Night Patrol
Visiting Camp Bumblebee
Satanic Exhumation
Sarah &amp; I
I'm a Detective, My most recent case involves a Serial Killer.
There is something in my house
🙄🤦🏼‍♀️
There is something in my house
In the midst of the Coronavirus continue to pay for your habitual spends. Save a business.
My Dad's job was Hell, now it's my turn.
I’m a...different...kind of police officer. And there is much worse on its way. Part V
I know the truth about the Observer now. Some advice: don't go looking for it. (FINAL)
That's when I noticed
A trip from Stockholm to hell
floor 666 (Day 1)
Horror novel recommendations
I’m working as a night guard for an old library. The rules are a bit disturbing (Final)
Dog Sitting
My grandmother used to rent out a room in her old house and we found a set of rules she left for tenants (Part 2)
Help me find a story!
My door becomes a darker shade of gray every day. I think it's a countdown to the day I die. The day it turns black is the day I die. It turned black today..
im sorry your line is not delineatyed
Mr. Knock Knock Part 1
My Sister’s Apartment Is Alive
I found this under my bed should I take it seriously?
My town is engulfed in eternal flames
Hello.
It's Not About the Cats
For the last three days my mother has been missing.
Where Did Everyone Go?
Noisy Neighbors #Teamnosleep
Short but scary!
That Thing in my Grandmother’s Attic
Gay
I'm stuck in my mirror and I can't leave...
The Water Nymph
I got my friend a job, and I think maybe I got him killed
How to play Bömbënbäd
sleep paralysis
My grandmother used to rent out a room in her old house and we found a set of rules she left for tenants (Part 2)
COVID-19 is a lot worse than we were told [Part 6]
My name is Joshua Kevin Howard and I move a lot and the weird occurrences follow me.
The Twins
My Haunted Home. Story 1&amp;2
My Childhood Ghost Stories (Story 1&amp;2)
My Childhood experiences with Ghosts (Story 1 &amp; 2)
The virus made me unemployed. I should have stayed that way. pt (2)
I'm stuck in an Uber with a strange man...
If your best friend tells you they have an imaginary friend, please believe them.
The sun hasn’t come up in seven days
Mirrormen took my mother from me 256 days ago but all is not what it seems...[Part 3]
Crocheting was the worst thing to every happen to me
Mirrormen took my mother from me 256 days ago but all is not what it seems...[Part 3/3]
Envy
A.T.E. (Part 1)
911 Calling
My friend Mark tried to kill himself because of something called "The Rusted Tower"
The Unnamed Clone
The Simpsons isn't how I remembered it..
The Hollow of Sadowy
The Apartment Complex I Moved Into Has Some very Strange Rules (Part 2)
My Baby
The Thing
I'm a wendigo, but not a normal one. Part 1
The ice cream truck in my neighborhood sells moon flavored ice cream [Part 2]
In every 25 years someone in my college die. Today's the 100th anniversary and I think it's me. (Part 1)
The Hollow of Sadowy
That disgusting night
I got locked in school - part 3
I'm swallowing my hair.
The man at the window
Ghost of an Admiral (Part 2)
I'm swallowing my hair.
I work at a vintage arcade area, and there is an odd game at the back.
My name is Joshua Kevin Howard and I move a lot
my name is Joshua Kevin Howard and I move a lot.
I love spending time with my cat but she's been dead for 10 years
I work at a very wealthy bank, the set of rules i had to follow was not worth the pay -part2
I work at a very wealthy bank, the set of rules i had to follow was not worth the pay -part 1
my name is Joshua Kevin Howard and I move around a lot
Breath
Breath
I Remember, Mom.
The Gangbang RoomThe Thing
Imagining monsters
The terrifying myth in the mountains!
something has been appearing in all of my pictures (pt 1)
It’s reading this and I know it.
Autobiography
My Childhood Experiences with Ghosts (Story 1)
Why I removed all the doors from my house.
I’m stuck in a parallel universe, It’s been too long since I’ve been here
My new neighbours have been anything but neighbours
I’m stuck in a parallel universe, It’s been too long I’ve been here - Part 1
Truth of the Gods
Got little oxygen left [Part1]
Do you have to be a writer to post here?
Take care of your babies.
The Eye and The Other Eye
Mr. Blank. (FINAL)
The Troxler Experiment (Part 1)
Heartlesss
The Troxler Experiment (Part I)
I'm a Stand Up Comedian for the Occult. That Wasn't Always the Case (Part 1)
The Clown in the bushes
Never Babysitting Again
The Virus took EVERYTHING from me
Her
As I lay dying...
If you invest in the stock market, liquidate your assets by 3:04PM on April 2nd.
My Best Friend Is Trying To Get Me Killed
I use to work as a babysitter,but I will never again
The Ghost of an Admiral
I'm a wendigo, but not a normal one. Part 1
I have been driving in this tunnel for hours, with no end in sight.
Anywhere in One Hour or Less [Part 1]
The Remodeler's Perspective
Journals of a Paranormal Detective: Journal 1 Part 1 —Case 54: The Door—
Journals of a Paranormal Detective: Journal 1 Part 1 - Case
Boothworld Industries : The Remodeler's Perspective
Birthday Photos
Birthday Photos
It all started with a Tsunami.
I’m working as a night guard for an old library. The rules are pretty disturbing. (Part 2)
I made a visit to my local city's haunted house, what i saw was out of this world
Game Over
I'm An Actress On The Set Of a Low-budget Slasher Film. I Think They're Really Killing Off My Co-stars PART FOUR
Question
I work as A Prison Guard and I don’t think this is a regular prison (Part 1)
One of those faces
My family is weird
Stuffed Animals Are a Dangerous Breed
I fix problems others can't. Occasionally I train dogs too. (Part 1)
Immortality, or The Trumpist Agenda Part 2
Immortality, or The Trumpist Agenda Part 1
The Lone Trees At The End Of The Garden
Bashing My Skull On the 4th Wall
Help me get my life back
My Husband is Missing and I Think Aliens got Him! (Part 2)
The Backrooms
The Virus made me unemployed. I should have stayed that way. Pt 1
The Castigating Fog #1
My sister died three years ago. She still comes to family reunions.
The Castigating Fog #1
Whatever You Do, Don't Talk to Strangers...
I was there
I started a new job as an overnight security guard at a private cemetery, the previous guard gave me list of rules which I can't comprehend. [Part 8] Chapter 2: Series Finale.
There's Something in the Room With Me
Modification
I tried to sleep after a concert, I will never again.
Help me get out. [Part 1]
My best friend.
posted this this before on my old acc but eh
Traumatic experience when I was 8
Our village used to make the most delicious but most peculiar pear juice in the world
Traumatic experience when I was 8
I Just Boarded This Cruise Ship, Something Is Definitely Off (Part 1)
The Monkey that Saved My Life
I think the curse in my town is getting worse
The sun hasn’t come up In 7 days
Modification
Traumatic experience when I was 8
My friend in the window
Transcention
A traumatic experience when I was 8
Wait, that's not a human... ( Part 1 )
A Handy Guide to Monster Survival
I was sitting in my bed,motionless,and felt all of my soul,emotions and thoughts leaving my body as my skin turned ghost white and my eyes slowly fading into a deep sleep I didn't know exactly what was happening to me, no one ever did
There are screams constantly in my small town from around 3:00 AM to 4:00 AM. Nobody recalls anything, just as if it was a normal night. Me and two friends are the only ones who know. Part 2.
I'm stuck in my mirror and I can't leave..
Short Story I Made for Homework Lol. I call it "Stuck"
Please help me, I’m stuck.
HOW TO MAKE MONEY ONLINE
My Friend Had A Horrible Idea
My grandmother used to rent out a room in her old house and we found a set of rules she left for tenants (Part 1)
The isolation made me realize that there's something in my house
**WARNING:PLEASE READ THESE RULES BEFORE YOU DIE** (part 1)
**WARNING:PLEASE READ THIS SET OF RULES BEFORE YOU DIE**(Rule #1)
How to Survive Camping: cognitive dissonance is a hell of a drug
**WARNING:YOU NEED TO READ THIS BEFORE YOU DIE**(Rule 1)
Please send help, I’m stuck in my room!
I Need Out
Night watchesI got an emergency train out of Paris to escape the pandemic. I'm the only one on it and things are getting weird.
That's Not My Dog
The thing in my closet is not a monster. (Part One)
My family is a secret society member called "Deus humani generis".We have to kill our loved ones. This my story (part 1)
My daughter fell into a well, but I'm not sure what came back up is really her
Woo part 2
DO NOT SLEEP IT WILL KILL YOU IN YOUR SLEEP, DO NOT TALK IT WILL HEAR YOU, DO NOT LISTEN ITS A BAIT.
There's Been A String of Suicides in My Town. The Victims Always Break Their Mirrors First [Part 2]
Woo
Descent
I Thought I Could Handle The Quarantine But There's Something Living in My Walls
DO NOT LISTEN, DO NOT SLEEP, DON'T Talk (Part 1)
I work as a Prison Guard and I don’t think this place is a regular prison(Part 1)
Something weird has been going on at my University since COVID-19 came to the UK
Something weird has been going on at my university since COVID-19
Something weird’s been going on, on campus since COVID-19 started
The threat that wiped the humanity
Anyone else ever found small piles of sand in front of their doors?
CREEPYPASTA are great, but does anyone have any good TRUE CREEPY stories...
The ice cream truck in my neighborhood sells moon flavored ice cream
The Girl With Red Eyes part 1
Cover statistics
Chekhov's Gun
I am a glacial researcher and what my team found in a mysterious tunnel in Iceland has left us questioning what we know about this world. [Part 3].
Chekhov's gun
I think the doll in the museum I work at trying to kill me
Big Brother World
Quarantine has lured cryptids out of the shadows
The Suicide Curse
Something's gone wrong
Scream mask attempted murderer
Hello people of reddit
The Left Right Game has been made into a podcast!
Do ever?
My brother was not the same after he got a job..
There are screams constantly in my small town from around 3:00 AM to 4:00 AM. Nobody recalls anything, just as if it was a normal night. Me and two friends are the only ones who know. Part 2.
My brother was not the same after he got a job...
I believe our lakeside rental was trespassed while our group of friends slept. News piece included
I Finally Met My Childhood Friend in Person. It Did Not Go As Expected.
Advice Needed
Word with friends game
I am the voice in your walls, quietly whispering but forever elusive
The Cheshire Man
Not a Hero (part 1)
Not a Hero [PART-1]
My childhood best friend was part of a horrifying experiment, and it changed his life as well as mine.
And I Was Ghosted
It came with the rain
The Twin Trees At The End Of The Garden
Sometimes at 2:30-3 AM I feel a physical force pulling at me.
Dont follow that head
Ghost in the bathroom
CLASSIFIED TOP SECRET // RE: Incursion Event, ATTN: Lt. Co. Lenore Thompson
Runaway
The shushing man.
Remember when it used to be a joke?
Runaway
The end Created by GregHeffley905 and Ceeyo21
I’ve lived in an apartment for 2 years, the floor below has ‘strange’ people
Runaway
The end (I hope)
Black Out
I was legally dead for four minutes. There is no heaven. There is no hell. We are hunted by monsters we become. I escaped. FINAL PART.
The end
Black Out
Everybody says time travel would be fun, maybe it is, when you get to choose where you go. (Pt. 2)
I love her
Don’t go near the eyeless children (Part one)
The One Who Takes Children [Part 1]
If Theres Scratching on the Door at Night, Its Not a Bear.
Just a strange dream
I stayed at a hotel where a kid died in the pool a few years ago
If Theres Scratching on the Door at Night, Its Not a Bear.
Playing with a ghost
The little girl who scared me half to death
The One Who Takes Children (Part I)
Last Year in Gevaudan
The Second Half of Last Year in Gevaudan
Unholy water
wait? what the hell is that!?
Waiting
ISS CAPTAIN’S LOG 4/12/2022
The Apartment Complex I moved Into Has Some Very Strange Rules (Part 1)
Jackson vill
I’m working as a night guard for an old library. The rules are pretty disturbing. (Part 2)
Please help.. I think I just killed my best friend...
There's A Shadow In The Corner Of My Room.. its offered me a job with a concerning list of rules..I dont think it's a shadow.. [PART ONE]
Something in the road
I never believed the local tales of a demon who lived in the vast palm plantations, feeding on those who dared not gaze upon him- that was, until my car broke down...
Is Nosleep dead?
St Patrick's Day is a day that I'll never forget. I found my new purpose in life.
I'm An Actress On The Set Of A Low-budget Slasher Film. I Think They're Really Killing Off My Co-stars PART THREE
It Whispered From the Dark - Final Entry
I'm An Actress On The Set Of A Low-budget Slasher Film. I Think They're Really Killing Off My Co-stars PART THREE
The Meeting
universal basic income
There were stars on the ceiling of my childhood bedroom.
Tales from the Diner - The Tikbalang Incident and Chris
There were stars on the ceiling of my childhood bedroom.
My Son's WeddingIf you contract a demon to your soul... be careful.(pt.2)
The man
Year 2189, generation 8
From Above
The Blue Ooze [Part 1]
Everybody says time travel would be fun, maybe it is, when you get to choose where you go.
The Mirrormen crossed over 762 days ago and now my reality is crashing down around me. [Part 2]
Chekhov's Gun
She was so hot and she always smelled like lilies.
I started a new job as an overnight security guard at a private cemetery, the previous guard gave me list of rules which I can't comprehend. [Part 7] Chapter 2.
A Heathen's Perspective
The crying demon
A Woman Knocked on My Door at 2 A.M. I Let Her In.
A Woman Knocked on My Door at 2 A.M. I Let Her In.
A Woman Knocked on My Door at 2 a.m. I Let Her In.
Can You Win a Fist Fight to the Death?
Blood Never dries, Death Never Waits
Blood Never dries, Death Never Waits
Izzy
The Ghost That Haunts the Blood
Someone broke into my house when i was a kid.
The Forest Spirit
The Nameless
Someone broke into my house when I was a kid.
My Son’s Wedding
The mud ate my life.
My time in Purgatory(Part 1)
Dream Girl
This woman keeps approaching me and I don't know why...
What Bart Saw
I’m a...different...kind of police officer. Sometimes, you must look Fear directly in it’s eyes. Part IV
What Bart Saw
I am a Forester, and I encountered something I can't explain in an Old Growth forest.
I'm sorry sister
3 short story's
Always Watching
The house owner had rules we needed to follow part 1
It's time to think about what's actually going on....
It's time to think about what's actually going on....
I Know How the Dinosaurs REALLY Ended..
Spiritual Warfare in Philadelphia
The Mysteries and Murders and Error Hill Road (Part 3)
Been to hell, died again
A Leap From Reality-A Backrooms Horror Story
A Leap From Reality-A Backrooms Horror Story
I’m working as a night guard for an old library. The rules are pretty disturbing. (Part 1)
The brat next door
I Never Touched Him
I got locked in school - part 2
I Saw Some Things
The Supply Hoarder
I Saw Some Things (Parts 1-2)
10 Feet Above Ground
I’m blind and my wife is deaf. When I heard strange things, she saw them. (Part 3)
I was Rear Ended by a Murderer, Now I'm Running For my Life
I’m blind and my wife is deaf. When I heard strange things, she saw them. (Part 3 - final)
I’m blind and my wife is deaf. When I heard strange things, she saw them. (Part 3 (Final))
The Cure for Hunger
My dogs saved me
A Leap From Reality-A Backrooms Horror Story
My Daughter Brought Home A Mystery Box
I've had paranormal experiences my entire life
Is this heaven?
Do Me A Favor; Beware The Harpies of Heslmoth
I Have A Fear Of ATV's
I’ve been trapped inside an Empty Prison for the past two years. We should never have tried to escape. Part 2.
Mr. Ghost
I need help
I need help
I need help
I need your help, im opening a nail salon. So u guys know how in todays time its all about the visual / ppl love a good back drop or object like a pink phone a the wall to take pics with for instagram n so on.. any ideas on a prop or back drop that will be good?
Im a time traveler? Part 1?
REAL EXPERIENCE ALIEN BEEPING
Do not stop in Gulchville
Rules to surviving The Lost World.
Whispering in the Dark
I am a glacial researcher and what my team found in a mysterious tunnel in Iceland has left us questioning what we know about this world. [Part 2].
What people don't know about being a baby and before that.( Part 1)
Screams follow my music
I shouldn't have tried astral travelling. [Part 2]
The demon that haunts my brothers closet
The little girl who scared me half to death
The little girl who scared me half to death
I got a missed call from my apartment callbox the other night.
The Journal Entries (Pt. 1)
There's A Shadow In The Corner Of my Room..its offered me a job that has a concerning list of rules..[PART ONE]
The phone call-Chapter of I of a haunted office story.
Here I Am Again: Something is Wrong II
CLASSIFIED TOP SECRET // Incursion Event // ATTN: Dep. Dir. Hatfield, Section 4
Get in and get out
Animation
A Tale From a Psychopath
Blood
Beneath the Surface (Part 1)
We vile few 8 Bill.
They’re all gone, and I’m next
A Mouthful
When all first responders are Infected
Leap of Faith
The animal's noises drew me to madness.Something is making me sick and I can't escape
I found my child in a grocery store.
This will Most likely be my final post.
Am I Hallucinating?
I Saw Some Things (Part 2)
I get stuck in a school with a demon
Dear maggot food.
The thing in the woods
I Saw Some Things (Part 2)
I’m watching my aunts house while she’s away. I found a strange set of rules....
I’m watching my aunts house while she’s away. She left a strange set of rules....(part 3) (final)
something is underneath the floor boards
A mouthful
My Son’s Wedding
Dont let the dolls hear you
I glimpsed into the dark
The summer of ooze
Out of Quarantine
Block House
Shh.. dont let the dolls hear you
If you contract a demon to your soul... be careful.(pt.1)
Working at...
Host
Shh... don't let the dolls hear you. (part 1)
I'm An Actress On The Set Of A Low-budget Slasher Film. I Think They're Really Killing Off My Co-stars PART TWO
The Shadows - part one
It Whispered From the Dark - Entry II
I had a lockdown at my school, and my friend never came back from the washroom. [Part 2]
[Serious] Counseling (Discord mods needed)
It's my first story, probably not that good.
The Strange Wailing
Its started because of him
I'm a pyrokinetic and something is hunting me
I’m watching my aunts house while she’s away. I found a strange set of rules.... (part 3) (final)
COVID-19 is a lot worse than we were told [Part 5]
I work at an ice cream shop in my small town
There has been a string of missing children lately.(Part 1)
If you contract a demon to your soul... be careful.
If You Hear A Tap On The Glass, It Already Has You [Part 1]
Some Friends and I Took the Job of Night Security for Our Local Mall. We Found a Set of Rules That are Going to Get Us Killed. (3)
My new employees are seriously giving me dread
There's a set of rules in the 7/11 Part 1
I murdered my mother 256 days ago, the Mirrormen made me do it...
I started a new job as an overnight security guard at a private cemetery, the previous guard gave me list of rules which I can't comprehend. [Part 6] Chapter 2.
SeriesI started a new job as an overnight security guard at a private cemetery, the previous guard gave me list of rules which I can't comprehend. [Part 6] Chapter 2.
I received a box of my father’s belongings. It contained a cassette tape labeled “The Final Gate.”
I want to go
Stories/experiences being by yourself in an abandoned town/location
Do not stop in Gulchville, Nevada!
Because I am Loved
They were out of lemons
If You Find Scratches In Your Home, You Disturbed It
The Three Deaths That Lead To A Murder And A Suicide...!!!
Every month, he comes to take someone.
Relaxation Music: Stress Relief, Calm Music, Meditation, Sleep, Sleep Th...
I’m working as a night guard for an old library. The rules are pretty disturbing.
Three deaths that led to a murder and a suicide...
I got locked in school - part 2
My long-distance girlfriend wanted to videocall me, and I don't think there will be another
My long-distance girlfriend wanted to video call me, and I don't think there will ever be another [END...?]
A new bug we found underground could kill us all
3 YEARS AT HAPPY’S CLOWN SCHOOL
Something's following me
I Saw a Strange Creature in My Bathroom
I Downloaded a Game from the Dark Web - Now I Must Live with the Consequences
Something that happened to me and my sister when we were kids.
The place I moved into is weird
This might be the cure!
I got locked in school - part 1
The Creation Of Life Is Beautiful
My last adventure
Being Sued For Destruction Of Property, Video explains it....
The reaper doesn't pay rent
The Night Shift at the East Lake Power Plant
Who's there?
They paid me $5000 to go through hell
I woke up in the middle of the woods. I just got woken up while digging into my on head
The Night Shift
The Mysteries and Murders of Error Hill Road (Part 2)
I Live on a Farm out in the Sticks. I Want to Say Goodbye. [Final]
I’ve been trapped inside an Empty Prison for the past two years. We shouldn’t have tried to escape.
I had a lockdown at my school, and my friend never came back from the washroom. [Part 2]
I had a lockdown at my school, and my friend never came back from the washroom. [Part 2]
I don't know who to choose, my husband or my Mother who didn't know I was gay...
Life and Death of a Government Quarantine Victim
The Care Home.
Fame
Smile
The Neighbour
I'd like to share a few stats for staying safe during the Coronavirus outbreak.
I grew up in a religious cult, but my brother worshipped a different deity - Final Part
I gave my worst class a psychopath test. The results made me resign.
I grew up in a religious cult, but my brother worshipped a different deity (Part 2 / Final)
I grew up in a religious cult, but my brother worshipped a different deity (Final Part)
I was just a child when someone stole my reflection.
Our home (introduction)
I had to follow a bunch of rules in my job and they are weird
I direct indie horror films. One of my cast members is taking their method acting too far.
Elaine's Story (Part 2)
I was only a childA shadow guy... but he means no harm.
My twin brother just asked me something and for better or for worse, it's changed everything.
Someone keeps driving Down my street at 4am looking in people mailboxes I think ?
I study dreams and nightmares.
my auntie tried to kill me
Manananggal Challenge
My first week in University we found the cellar. Now I wish we never did.
The Watcher
The Watcher
The screaming child at night
I thought I heard something. My daughter saw it.
Psychopaths, Unlimited
I’m blind and my wife is deaf. When I heard strange things, she saw them. (Part 2)
I worked at an Amazon Fulfillment Center. I am left praying for my life.
Mirror Gazing
FUCC YALL NIGGAAAAAAAASSSSSSSS!!!!
We had a big house and this happened..
FUCK YALL NIGGAAAAAAAAS!!!
Coronavirus Pandemic| Trapped on a Cruise Ship
Coronavirus Pandemic | Quarantined on Cruise Ship
I live in a parallel universe where I only have one responsibility
Sweet dreamers [Part 1}
To Hell and Back
Am I Dying Soon?
I'm sorry, there is no other way.
I accidentally killed my stepdad and twin sister
Clever Girl (short and sweet story)
I remembered a series of dreams I had when I was a kid
My phones running out of battery ,help
I Stole a book from a Museum, It Stole my Soul
I just remembered a series of dreams I had as a kid
I shouldn't have tried astral travelling.
I just remembered a series of dreams I had as a kid
Reddit is too toxic, Im leaving
H
I don’t know what’s real, only that it’s out to get me
Seeing things.
COVID-19 is a warning. A warning of something much, much worse.
unimportant jobs
We're being quarantined, but I don't think its the government doing it.
Sprig
I got a job working as a security guard in a Hotel that is purportedly haunted, I was given a list of rules.
New to this sub
Aquaphobia
us owns everything
I need help pleas help me
The Shadow Knows....
I study people's dreams. But this guys dreams, where my nightmares.
I am a glacial researcher and what my team found in a mysterious tunnel in Iceland has left us questioning what we know about this world.
I will never play "Batman Arkham Asylum" again, here's why.
My Town has a Set of Rules to follow on Saturday
I hear noises every night and they get closer everytime
I am being stalked constantly by this being, he's definitely not human.
I am being stalked constantly by this being, he's definitely not human.
The Virus Wars
I had a lockdown at my school, and my friend never came back from the washroom. [Part 1]
I moved to a studio only to find a set of rules and a creepy neighbor .
The little Town of Seymour
Life usually isn’t an issue, and it rarely was
The Dog Eater remake
The Dog Eater (remake)
A Waking Nightmare
Lock Town
A demonic entity is haunting me after I found an effigy buried in the woods behind my house.
I Thought I Ate Bacon But It Was Something Else
The ascent
There are doppelgangers of my parents trying to kill me (PART 2)
The Hole
Not Enough to Spare
Witches, Zombies and Mummies
The Hole (Surreal)
The Uh Oh
Have you seen something called "The Decision Show"?
Some Friends and I Took the Job of Night Security for Our Local Mall. We Found a Set of Rules That are Going to Get Us Killed. (2)
My Deal With A Beast
Something is slowly coming for me, and it has been more than a year.
I’m a...different...kind of police officer. Sometimes, you must look Fear directly in it’s eyes. Part III
The attack (3rd person)
Me and my friends are stuck in the woods, and there’s a tall figure with claws after us...(Part 2)
My long-distance girlfriend wanted to videocall me, and I think I may have to accept my death
There are clowns all around (Pt.2)
I should have never went to Anne Prater’s estate
I started going to a new school, but something is terribly off about it – My first day
I’ve worked as cleaning lady for an old couple for about 4 years. I’ve learned some things while working for them after I moved in. (Part 1: Dominos in the library)
She watches Her
It Whispered From the Dark - Pt. II
Me and my friends are stuck in the woods, and there’s a tall figure with claws after us...(Part 2)
It Whispered From the Dark
Target
The animals in my town have been acting weirder and weirder, and the people are beginning to as well (pt 1)
Shattered
It Whispered From the Dark
Every time I cut a single line on my arm, someone who has done me wrong in life dies.
The Ones I Keep (Part 1)
A Manikin from the Backrooms is my best friend
Every time I cut, a person who did me wrong suddenly dies.
The Ones I Keep (Part 1)
The Eye Of The Evil Twin
The Loft
My first horror novelThe Ones I Keep (Part 1)
I sat there... Soaked in my own blood. Why did I touch the Mirror?
There's A Shadow In The Corner Of My Room..its offered me a job with a concerning list of rules..I dont think it's a shadow..[PART TWO]
My Aunts old house was very strange
The weird place I moved into you have to believe me
The weird place that I moved into
The weird place I moved into
The weird place I moved into
I took a job as Doctor Wong’s assistant and he had 6 weird rules (Part 2)
My Name is Persephone, and, Apparently, Cerberus is My New Pet.
I Foolishly Went On The Dark Web, I'm No Longer The Same
My Brother saw Something in my Aunts Kitchen
Me and my friends are stuck in the woods, and there’s a tall figure with claws after us (Part 2)
The weird place I moved into
My Brother saw Sonething In my Aunties Kitchen
The Problem with Lake Arrowhead
I should have gotten rid of it then
I am being stalked constantly by this being, he's definitely not human. Part 1
I met my dead aunt 9 years after she died
Some Friends and I Took the Job of Night Security for Our Local Mall. We Found a Set of Rules That are Going to Get Us Killed. (2)
I'm An Actress On The Set Of a Low-budget Slasher Film. I Think They're Really Killing Off My Co-stars PART ONE
I'm An Actress On The Set Of a Low-budget Slasher Film. I Think They're Really Killing Off My Co-stars PART ONE
My mirror is broken but not in the literal meaning.
I run an Air BnB. It’s free, but there are some unusual rules. (Part 2) Q&amp;A
They Come For The Eyes.
The planets I "discovered" weren't planets at all. I've been trying to live with what I know.
I’m a Retired Priest. Over the years I’ve heard hundreds of confessions. This is the one where everything went wrong.
My new Mattress smelled like flowers
The true dark entity
I never belived in slavic legends. But one came true.
Woo
Lift Men
The 1st case of COVID-19 was confirmed about a week ago where I live and there have been 3 more cases since. Now there are suddenly these boxes with cameras labeled “Sky Cop” mounted on some of the streetlight poles.
I have something in my house
I grew up in a religious cult, but my brother worshipped a different deity (Part 1)
I have night terrors every other day what can I do?
I grew up in a religious cult, but my brother worshipped a different deity (1/2)
My long-distance girlfriend wanted to video-call me, now I hear tapping on my window
For the past few weeks, I’ve been semi-consciously sleepwalking, and I think I’m going to end up hurting someone.
A man was standing outside my hotel room every night.
I had a disturbing conversation with my 7-year-old daughter.
My long-distance girlfriend wanted to videocall me, now I hear tapping o...
i literally can't sleep
I think the roommate who catfished me is a demon from hell. [PART 1]
Haunted story of Doris won’t let you sleep out of Terror
The day the world went silent (trigger warning)
Experiment #4722. Also known as Extreme Mental Isolation.
The day the world went silent (Trigger warning)
Ok so I just saw some strange **** it’s 4am And some guy just dropped something on my neighbor’s door?
Ok so I just saw some strange **** it’s 4am And some guy just dropped something on my neighbor’s door?
A friend asked me to run his hotel. I shouldn't have agreed. [Part 2]
A friend asked me to run her hotel. I shouldn't have agreed. [Part 2]
Don’t call this number, whatever you do.
A friend asked me to run his hotel. I shouldn't have agreed. [Part 2]
I See Demons in People, and It Just Ruined My Life
Don't Look At Me
#let'sbringback2sentencehorrorstories
I’m watching my aunts house while she’s away. She left a strange set of rules...
I’m watching my aunts house while she’s away, I found a strange set of rules.... (part two)
I got a job working as a security guard in a Hotel that is purportedly haunted, I was given a list of rules.
my employer left me rules for babysitting her son. i’m getting worried. (Part 1)
my employer left me rules for babysitting. i’m getting nervous. (Part 1)
We Were Superheroes (Finale)
The Issue of Lake Arrowhead
"The Black Murderer"
Crushing the can
Immortality and romance
A beetle crawled out of my penis while I was masturbating.
When I was a kid I had a baby sitter that was a serial killer, she was never caught
A friend asked me to run his hotel. I shouldn't have agreed. [Part 1]
My Town Had a Set of Rules to follow on Saturday's
A friend asked me to run his hotel. I shouldn't have agreed.
My son(3y) woke up out of a dead sleep to tell me that there was a monster at the foot of our bed.
Elaine's Story (Part 2)
My original work
I got a job working as a security guard in a Hotel that is purportedly haunted, I was given a list of rules.
I found an underground lake where... something... lives
I was rear ended by a murderer, now I'm expected to take his place
I was rear ended by a murderer, now life wants me take his place
I run an Air BnB. It’s free, but there are some unusual rules. (Part 2) Q&amp;A
Me and my friends are stuck in the woods, and there’s a tall figure with claws after us...(Part 2)
I sold my soul, If i'm going to die again, then i'm taking hell with me.
Elaine's Story (Part 1)
I got a call from my daughter at 3:00am this morning... She’s been dead since 2016
Nobody remembers the number between 3 and 4
My ♦|"dog"|♦ has a set of rules...very specific rules...-part 1
The latest internet challenge didn’t go how we planned.
My dog came with a set of rules...with very specific rules...-part 1
My therapist was successful in making me one of the most positive person in the world
Something's wrong and for once it isn't the people I work with: [PART 2]
Something's wrong and for once it isn't the people I work with [TAPE 2]
I work in an establishment which contains the most terrifying creatures imaginable to men
The Wait List
I’m a psychotherapist who specializes in unlocking repressed memories.
For the past 3 months, this same phone number keeps calling me.. (Part 1 &amp; Part 2)
The Hotel I’m Staying In Had 5 Strange Rules [Part 1]
Every time i go to sleep at night theres a bang at the door and its happened every night since i moved
The British soldier that haunted me
I Don't Think They're Protecting Us Anymore - To: MullinaxLawListserv
Scene #50: STROLL - A rewrite of Suicide MouseScene #50: STROLL (A rewrite of Suicide Mouse)
The new girl in our gang was really hot.
Boo.
Online Games
Online Games
Some Friends and I Took the Job of Night Security for Our Local Mall. We Found a Set of Rules That are Going to Get Us Killed. (2)
Im sure this must be a memory...
The Fog (part two)
Looking back on the day I died.
There was man outside my hotel room every night.
COVID-19 is a lot worse than we were told [Part 4]
I can hear the rythm again and I am scared I might be trapped on it forever.
My friend impregnated me inside an endless void . PART 1/2
I started a new job as an overnight security guard at a private cemetery, the previous guard gave me list of rules which I can't comprehend. [Part 5] Chapter 2.
I clean the homes of dead hoarders. The last place was filled with a lot more than just trash [part 3]
I have been hearing noises from the attic
I have been hearing noises from the attic
Me and my friends are stuck in the woods, and there’s a tall figure with claws after us...(Part 1)
Paralyzed
The Masque of Orange Death
I think my roommates hate me, and I have no idea why.
I wake in a led lined walls on top of a bed and i cant remember anythng
the time i got locked in a classroom over the half term of school.
I run an Air BnB, it’s free,but it has some unusual rules (Part 2) Q and A
I'm a retired homicide detective. This is the story of how a woman solved her own murder
Automatic lights
I run an Air BnB, it’s free, but I have some rules that may seem a bit unusual. (Part 2) (Q and A)
The Lazarus Frequency
I run an Air BnB, it’s free, but I have some rules that may seem a bit unusual. (Part 2) (Q and A)
I've never lived alone in my whole life- now I get why my parents said to never rent an apartment. (Part 1)
I bought a wedding dress and the shop gave me a weird list of rules | Part 1
My paranoid roommate
I've been hearing screams..
Contagious Perpetuity.
Our experiment went terribly wrong...
My paranoid roommate
Some Friends and I Took the Job of Night Security for Our Local Mall. We Found a Set of Rules That Is Going to Get Us Killed. (1)
The Always Open Eye
A Monster Nearly Ate Me Not Far From Chernobyl
I found a box and it changed my life(triggure warning)
Men at the Door
My long-distance girlfriend wanted to videocall me, now I hear tapping on my window
Shoot For the Stars
Shadow Person Encounter While Camping
My paranoid roommate
They Aren't Protecting Us Anymore, Warn Everyone You Can!
There is something seriously wrong with my dog.
Ŧħě ṨţǟɭкɚՐ: Part 1
ggggg
a man broke into my house.
Some Friends and I Took the Job of Night Security for Our Local Mall. We Found a Set of Rules That Is Going to Get Us Killed. (1)
scary!!!
There's A Shadow In The Corner Of My Room..its offered me a job that has a concerning list of rules..I dont think it's a shadow..[PART 1]
There's A Shadow In The Corner of My Room.. its offered me a job that has a concerning list of rules...[INTRO: MEETING THE SHADOW]
The Hotel I’m Staying In Had 5 Strange Rules [Part 1]
I moved to a new house but the things still followed me.
The Plagiarist
I had a Heart Attack and I Don’t Think I’m in a Hospital
Cetus and the Island of Sidon.
The Shadow Creature Visits at Midnight
How my father made me dig the hole he wanted to bury me in.
Espic Acid
Shoot For the Stars
School lockdown
Instructions to wake up - B32
Doc Weebe was as dependable and welcome as death
Instructions to wake up [B-32]
Welthok, children of the river
“What the hells is that!”
A Customer Sneezed In My Face. Now My Life is Ruined.
Fear
Fear
The Bunker (pt. 5)
Dr. Eggman has gone insane
The woman who watched.
Just don't do like me
If you are reading this I’m in some hotel like place and scared.... I am typing quickly so don’t mind mistakes.
I bought the only $75 flashlight at Walmart, but it came with a controversial list of rules.
Ms. Paralysia
Why I’m scared of the woods
The Inhabitants Of The Apartment Building
The glitching apartment building in the dead village i just moved in is making me go pyscho.
My Diabolical Self • Part 14: Prints Charming
My Diabolical Self • Part 14: Prints Charming
Seeing something odd in a picture my family took 10 years ago.
The girl who saw ghosts
It follows,and it kills.
The Tooth Fairy [part one]
Something is making muddy footprints in the alley next to my house but we haven't had any rain in weeks
A Conversation with a Corvid.
A masked man came to our school
The Doomsday Shelter
Vampires are real! Here's how I found out.
A masked man cane to our school
"Hello there" from spirit
this thing has been following me around
The Fog (Part two)
I’m watching my aunts house while she’s away. She left a strange set of rules....
We Order a Pumpkin Spice Latte
I buy a Pumpkin Spice LatteI run a Air BnB. It’s completely free, but I have some unusual rules. (Part 1) Rule 12: The Basement
A story narrating the life of the misfortuned. Wrote eons ago in 10th grade English as a joke, got a 94%
I got locked in my car
My new Martial Art School has some strange rules.
Request: does anyone remember the stories the included an ominous figure that always ate pistachio nuts?
I got trapped in a car with my 2 parents and 1 brother. (INSPIRED BY NEVER-ENDING AIRPLANE STORY)
a little reminder
The Man in the Walls
I slept with a woman about 8 months ago who kept making strange noises and shaking then dismissing it, our child had been born but I no longer think my child or my wife are human.
I recently got work at a local 24/7 convenience store. The rules don’t make sense, but I’m glad I followed them.
Andromeda learns the family secret
I used to think I lived in a utopia-now I’m not so sure [part 1]
My roommate nightmare.
There's tapping from inside my closet door. Everyone is asleep.
I've never been so scared of my own reflection.
There's tapping on my closet door. Everyone's asleep and it's full of boxes.
My parents adopted someone and immediately regretted it
I saved the world today.. but not from what you think
I thought I lived in a utopia—now I’m not so sure [part 1]
If you’re reading this I’m in some hotel like place and scared.... I am typing this quickly so don’t mind mistakes.
Call me names Candace
Don't Use Krest Whitestrips
The Mysteries and Murders of Error Hill Road (Part 1)
I’m watching my aunts house while she’s away. She left A strange set of rules....
I run an Air BnB. It’s completely free, with the exception of a few unusual rules
My new school expects everyone to maintain an A+ average. (Part 1)
I saw something that will haunt me forever (part 1)
I saved the world today... but not how you think
Strange creature watching Mr. C sleep.
Would anyone be ok with me reading there stories on my channel
I run a Air BnB. It’s free, but I have a few unusual rules.
Leadership disputes.
I entered a cave, when i got out everything changed
My new school gets rid of anyone who doesn’t maintain A+ grades. (Part 1)
My time in Purgatory-Part 1
I woke up and now there are stitched bodies all over the place
Don't Talk to Strangers...You Never Know Who they Might Be.
I had to Stay at my Friends House for a Week and we Found a List of Rules to Follow... (Part 2)
I went into the crawlspace of my home
I had to Stay at a Friends House for a Week and we found a List of Rules to Follow... (Part 2)
I have to stay at my friends house for a week and we found a set of rules to follow... (Night 2)
The inhabitants of that one weird building made me move into the building..
I tried a sensory deprivation chamber
I Had to Follow 5 Rules At My Friends House During a Sleepover
I Was Hunting Extra-dimensional Aliens My Whole Life And Didn't Even Know It
Something Scratches at my Window Every Night at 2:30
Everything Will Be OK
I prank unsuspecting guests on the Dark Web for fun, my last prank may cost me my life.
Everything Will Be OK [NSWF, Stalker]
I regret locking myself up in my locker at school
Lost in The Universe
My house is swirling in the pits of hell. Pt 1: what lies in the dark
Snapped neck
My friend experiments on humans and I was a victim
Bloodboy
My name is Project 15 part two
The Virus Is Mutating.
I’m watching my aunts house while she’s away. She left me a strange set of rules....
I saw a burning man in my house TRUE STORY
I bought a house and the previous owner gave me odd rules.
The closet underneath the stairs DAY 1
The closet underneath the stairs
The closet underneath the stairs
New joke for depressed kids
Mrs jacobs
The police found a man living in our walls
Instructions to wake up [C-19]
I know the secret to immortality
We Summoned Something
I was the security guard hired to protect an estate, The forest still has eyes [Part 15]
Stories from a line cook chapter 1 finale
Where can I see all the scary stories because all I see is announcements
Bad Things Happen in Parking Garages
I clean the homes of dead hoarders. The last place was filled with a lot more than just trash [part 2]
What I saw out the window gave me chills.
I started a new job as a overnight security guard at a private cemetery, the previous guard gave me list of rules which I can't comprehend. [Part 4] Finale
True story - someone or something was in my house
I started a new job as a overnight security guard at a private cemetery, the previous guard gave me list of rules which I can't comprehend. [Part 4 Finale] Fire and Light
We called him the Wizard (Final)
Where am I
The Dark Room
We called him the Wizard [Final part]
Someone keeps whistling in front of my house and I can't even see them.
I'm The Killer
Prologue: The Grim Reaper
My Evil girlfriend
Strange creature watching Mr. C sleep.
I woke up this morning and everyone in my town was gone (Part 1)
Second Chances
I am all the things that don't exist anymore
The Buker (pt. 5)
I worked as a babysitter,But I will never again(part 1)
There are ALWAYS worse things than monsters...
Paranormal pass out (true story)
I took a job as a mall security guard- And got some very specific rules! (Part 1)
At The Door
I took a job as Doctor Wong’s assistant and he had 6 weird rules
The Paranoia Bureau
My Mother Turned Herself Into a Monster
WAR IS HELL. And no one knows that fact better than hell's denizens. [Final]The Dining Room
Why I Quit Playing Pokemon Go [Part 1]
Mommy
The Caterpillar Crawler of 12th Street
The Fog
My name is soldier 15 part two.
Neverwood
I Think My Sister's Doll is Trying to Kill Me
Something is waiting to escape me. (#1)
A Note From the World's Luckiest Man
A Note From the World's Luckiest Man
They started off with cats. It's escalating. [part 1]
I was Raised in a House without Mirrors
There's A Shadow In The Corner Of My Room..I dont think it's a shadow..[PART ONE]
A man seems to appear throughout time before unfortunate events
Completely Fiction
There's A Shadow In The Corner Of My Room..I dont think it's a shadow..[PART ONE]
I can't handle this anymore...
There's A Shadow In The Corner Of My Room..I dont think it's a shadow..
I can't handle my problem anymore
im in the wrong reality
Theres a shadow in the corner of my room...I dont think its a shadow.. [PART ONE]
Everything you know about Coronavirus is false
If you go on a discount vacation, leave a gift outside or they'll get you
The Abyss
Can Someone please help me?
Why I’m scared of the woods
The Shadow In The Corner Of My Room
People who saw the ghost as it was?
I stole someone's Doordash order. I think it was poisoned.
Tell us the creeping story that happened to you?
That smile
That smile
My diary tells me things I shouldn't know
The Thirteenth
I work for the Government’s top agency and there is something you need to know
Your entire reality, everything you know, everything you hold dear is going to be destroyed in 36 days and 12 hours. Im so sorry.
We Were Superheroes (Part 3)
The Beagle Experiment
I'm a hoarder, but not even my addiction can force me to enter my basement (FINALE)
Odd Boy (Part Two)
Genesis
Link (Part 1)
I have an issue
frick i really cant sleep
The Farmer’s Doll
COVID-19 is a lot worse than we were told [Part 3]
I applied as a night class teacher in a Catholic School, the school minister gave me rules to follow [Part 2]
I applied as a night class teacher in a Catholic School, the school minister gave me rules to follow [Part 2]
It fell asleep two hours ago, but I'm still awake.
I applied as a night class teacher in a Catholic School, the school minister gave me rules to follow [Part 2]
Ori and the Will of the Wisps main theme
I applied as a night class teacher in a Catholic School, and the school minister gave me rules to follow [Part 2]
My name is Soldier 15 part two
Fear of looking out of windows during night
My cultist family is sending assassins to me
first try, any feedback appreciated and thanks for reading
The Lake
The Truth of COVID-19 [1]
I took a job as Doctor Wong’s assistant and he had 6 weird rules
Drugs Are Bad, kids
I took a job as an assistant for Doctor Wong and he had 6 weird rules
The Lullaby Lady
My name is Soldier 15. Part two
The Inexplicable Home Invasion
It’s been 11:00 for 4 days
I’ve been having sleep paralysis, now I see them outside (part 1)
We Found a Cult in the Woods
This isn’t a long story but hey it’s something
I think my parents are in a cult (part 1)
People who almost killed, as it was!?
I applied as a night class teacher in a Catholic School, the school minister gave me rules to follow [Part 1]
Hey guys so I’m freaking tf out and mess help
This Elevator Does Not Go Up
My daughter was born on the night she died.
I applied as a night class teqcher in a Catholic School, the school minister gave me rules to follow [Part 1]
I prayed to God for a son.
The Harrowing Spectral Hag
I applied as a night class teacher in Catholic School, the school minister gave me rules to follow
I found the perfect wedding dress and lost everything else
A South Indian girl's short
I applied as a night class teacher in Catholic School and the school minister gave me a rules to follow.
Something is in my room. I'm afraid to look at it.
Anywhere there's a face, he can see you.
The Drop
First time doing this! Not an author. Plus made it up as I writed.
The dangers of urbexing.
Messengers
I thought it was just apart of my sleep paralysis..
My big brother (Part 1)
A Customer Sneezed In My Face. Now My Life Is Ruined 1/2
The Lost
Attack at the Beachside Hotel
The Hag's Reflection
we will be quarantined in about 2 weeks
I was the security guard hired to protect the estate, The forest still has eyes [Part 15]
Ghost Girl
I’m from the Future, the Coronavirus will be more than a pandemic.
Tales From A Wastelander
Aren't you scared?Aren't you scared?
Aren't you scared?
[Series] I was saved from being rape. My savior however... wasn’t human. Part 1
Case File #37 Husky Pete's Storage Plaza
Aren't you scared?
The Virus Isnt What It Seems
I woke up in an asylum, the staff is scaring me..
Times ticking
The Year Is 2120
I found an unmarked letter in my mailbox
The sky seems different here.
An Occult Game is Played, a Price Must be Paid.
My nightmare
I'm a security guard hired to protect an estate, The Forest has Eyes [Part 14]
A child was mysteriously mutilated during my shift as a haunted house employee.
My name is Soldier 15.
Just as he promised....
Them (pt.3)
The Symphony
Times ticking
Don't trust Blind Men!
Apocalypse Bunker
Stories from a line cook part 7
I clean the homes of dead hoarders. The last place was filled with a lot more than just trash.
I crossed worlds for 20 years
I had a horrible nightmare
A nightly sound keeping me awake
Eskimo
Chowder time
If you slip out of reality, stay calm and act normal
Getting deployed over here was bad, but now we’re sick.
Times ticking.
There’s something on my wall
I was banished to hell before I died
My name is Project #124 part one
Corona is old news.
My Dearest Aelowyn,
Oh my Darling (Part 1)
The Slender Man Isn't Real... I've Been Stalked By Something Worse...
My Best Friend Is Haunting Me. part 0.
We are the future
He came out of my dreams to torture me
WAR IS HELL. And no one knows that fact better than hell's denizens. [Part 2]
Attack at the Beachside Hotel
The Fog
King of Bones
Don’t Fuck with the Fae
The Abyss
A Conversation with a Corvid
The Coronavirus Is a Coverup For Something Evil
The Harrowing Home Invasion
I shouldn't have opened my eyes
They Might Be Watching: Part I
The blessing and the positives that the corona virus has brought to civilization
The Last Words of Little Children
Behind You
It's Hell On Earth (btw it's a dream so it's not real but it terrified me)
My dog dreams about my death.
Ligth and Shadow. Timelapse. Burshtyn Water Reservoir | Relax video. Wat...
We Were Superheroes (Part 2)
The framed pictures
I’m a hoarder, but not even my addiction can force me to enter my basement.
His name was Mr. Promises
They Might Be Watching: Part I
They Might Be Watching (Part I)
Onda Derpaling dun did Volume 2
Onda Derpaling dun did Volume 2
My imaginary friend
Exploring haunted houses. My worst mistake.
Onda Derpaling dun did Volume 2
My encounter with me
The oblivious girl
"Why is the snow red, Daddy?"
My name is project #124 part two
My name is project #124 part two
The day the world went silent
I Cant
Early morning at the airport...
My name is project #124 part two
Fight or Flight (1st story)
How to Survive Camping: blood forcibly taken
Recurring NIghtmare I have been having
Non story tell yours in comments
My name is Project #124, part 2
When you lose more than sleep
What was your most scary event that actually happened?
Short Untitled Story
While working as a game tester, I found a disturbing video game that was never released.
I had to stay at my friends house for a week and we found a set of rules to follow every night.
Untitled Short Story
I’m a demon, and my friends are in hot water with entities I’m not sure I can protect them from (part two) REPOSTED
Paranormal Investigator hospital investigation Pt 1
True Memories: Night Terror or Paranormal?
I Found My Lost Best Friend After 3 Years. I Wish I Didn't...
I Love Hugs
Nba suspended after Rudy Gobert
My Sweet Cat
The shadow man
There’s something wrong with my cat
My Odd DreamI moved into a new house 5 years ago and Iv'e Been Noticing Some Strange Things.
It's been 4 hours since the school's lockdown, and I don't think the teachers outside are still my teachers. (Part 2)
Why I don't open my curtains anymore...
I moved into a new house 5 years ago and Iv'e Been Noticing Some Strange Things.
It's been 4 hours since the school's lockdown, and I don't think the teachers outside are still my teachers. (Part 2)
Why You Should Always Honk If You're Horny - A "Rules of the Road" Entry, Part 2 of 2
It's been 4 hours since the school's lockdown, and I don't think the teachers outside are still my teachers. (Part - 2)
Why You Should Always Honk If You're Horny (Part 2 of 2) - A "Rules of the Road" Story
The World and Moon, Maybe Ending. Part 1
20Pcs/Pack Hot Professionv Disposable Mask #mask
I’m a demon, and my friends are in hot water with entities I’m not sure I can protect them from (part two) (REPOSTED)
Dead Man's Canvas
Found Journal - Pyramids of Giza
Found Journal - Pyramids of Egypt
The Extra Rooms
I found out something I shouldnt have
I found out something I shouldnt have
Something Came into Our House in the Middle of the Night
I wish I was kidding, but I left the world for a moment
The Extra Rooms
The bugs that came from the wall [Part 1]
The bugs that came from the wall. [Part I]
Nosleep book.
Dr. Fearless
0 to 100 real quick
Shhhhg
I woke up in an asylum, please send help..
I Hate to Ask Strangers for Help, But . . .
A demon is near
I Know I'm Hard to Stomach, But We Need to Move &amp; Get Out of Here -
Repeat, Repeat, Repeat .Change.
Tell me why the fuck this creepy demon is stalking my when I look at a reflection
Something's in my house.
They say there’s a werewolf in the woods [part 1]
They say there’s a werewolf in the woods [part 1]
They say there’s a werewolf in the woods [part 1]
Wake Up
I thought I could read minds.
I was legally dead for four minutes. There is no heaven. There is no hell. I saw things that made me wish for oblivion. (Part 3)
Urban exploring is dangerous
My Great Grandpa’s house holds a dark secret to the past Part 1
There's Something Extremely Strange Happening to the Teachers at My Boarding School - Final Part
The new presence in my house
It Pulls You Down. Part Four.
My name is project #124 Pt two
Greece is burning alive
After school detention
I Think. A Ghost Led My Son To Her Body pt3 and final part
Sirenhead
I’m a...different...kind of police officer. Sometimes, you must look Fear directly in it’s eyes.
My sister is a serial killer...
I think my housekeeper is hiding something, so I ran some tests to investigate.
Strange house
After school detention
My Friends and I Discovered a Corpse... and now She won't Leave Us Alone
My lovely Guillotine
Stories from a line cook part 6
Test Subject 1214
Beware that which steps with no sound
Hey guys? The math teachers acting strange
Something Creeps Me In My Room...
Hey guys? The math teachers acting strange
Last in the Dirt: entry 1
Brutus’ Strain
Chip, the alien
The world is suffering the coronavirus because some humans are greedy and evil. I warned them many times... but I was ignored. Again.
Which room do you want?
My second day at Disney World just became Pleasure Island. (3)
Partly sunny with a chance of virus showers in the afternoon.
Grief
My friends and I discovered a corpse, and now she won't leave us alone...
It Destroys
The Game of Doors
Magnetism
If your cat is staring at you, get rid of it.
Chip, the alien [NSFW]
I uncovered a three hundred years old family secret. I wish I hadn't.
I Don't Think What I Saw in the Distance Was an Animal, Nor a Human
My damn cat won't stop staring at me.
One of my Alzheimer’s patients said something that shook me
كورونا يزحف للمغرب.. تسجيل حالتين جديدتين مصابتين بفيروس كورونا
There was an old barn close to where I lived when I was younger one day me and my brother went to investigate. it went horribly wrong. (part 1)
The Rat King
Nights with my husband.
Behind You
The Giant's Tail - How I nearly died in an abandoned paper mill.
Nightly routine with my husband
Breaking Point
Nightly routine with my husband
My daughter is possessed
Whatever The Sea Takes, It Always Gives Back
I know the truth about the Tunguska Event. Because I was there.
42 years ago we sent Voyager 1 into space to look for extraterrestrial life, today we found it.
My childhood traumatic experience
Quick Question About Writing Method
[META] Question About Writing Method
Before we begin,
Ghost Paper Challenge
Long-Term Nightmare... I Think (Part 1)
Long-Term Nightmare... I Think (Weird Thing #2)It's been an hour and the shadows are still here
Before we begin,
I wrote a story and some maniac made it happen for real
I wrote a story and some maniac mad eit occur in real life
It's been an hour and the shadows haven't gone
The Lurker on the Stairway
Creeps EP1- I wrote a story about a murder, and some maniac made the murder happen in reality. NSFW Warning.
It's been an hour and the shadows haven't gone
How to Gain Six Inches in Less Than 24 Hours
An entity in a raincoat enters our reality when it rains and I've let it inside. Help me.
Mirrors Are No Joke
Doors Between Doors.
I caused a missing persons case years ago (part 1)
You Won't Believe What Was Under Her Bed!
I caused a missing person’ case years ago
Our world is hollow...
Who Knew Demons Could Be Party Animals?
Case File Letter T3: Terrible Tenuous Treatise
I look like my best friends imaginary friend
Where the Willow Lies
Spooky Food
School shooting {Subscribe to SG T0X1C and Itz SyFy for the meaning of this}
I miss not having dreams (Pt. 2)
My name is Project #124
An alien parasite is in our town, now the world is doomed (part 1)
My name is Project #124
I miss not having dreams (Continuation/Update to I basically never dream)
It's been 4 hours since the school's lockdown, and I don't think the teachers outside are still my teachers. (Part - 2)
Wake up
The Immortality Experiment
An idea for a horror game that I decided to post here.
The Deer
My New Babysitter
I had a childhood friend who lived under my bed and came out to play when my dad went to work
My Dad Isn't My Dad Anymore
might i recommend trying to write stories that don't seem like there bs in the first few sentences :D
Beware What Lies Beneath the Depths Unseen.
My husband and I are hitmen. Our most recent case was definitely a weird one.
Nightly routine with my husband
Nightly routine with my husband
Challenge your beliefs
Ghost sightings (part 1)
Challenge your beliefs
I don’t know who she is but this is definitely not my mom
Follower
Challenge your belief
My new security system has a very strange manual.
The Astaroth Case Files: Diabolus in Musica
The pale woman did my hair
My CoD Rival is Trying to Kill Me - Part 2
DO NOT GO OUTSIDE, Amber alert
i scared my father away
I'm a manga artist, and something appeared in my drawing that's now trying to kill me.
Me and Jack
The evils of Dr Apollo.
It Waits Beyond the Door
I started a new job as a overnight security guard at a private cemetery, the previous guard gave me list of rules which I can't comprehend. [Part 3] Thunder and Lightening
.... . .-.. .--. .. - .... .. -. -.- - .... . -.-- ..-. --- ..- -. -.. -- . ... --- -- . --- -. . .--. .-.. . .- ... . ... . -. -.. .... . .-.. .--.
Help
I saw HER on my bed
If you see an ad that offers to get the “creative juices” flowing, DONT CLICK IT
I hate this part of my life...
I don’t think my big sister was the same after when she quit being a bellboy at a hotel.
I hate this part of my life
The Graffiti Whispers in Paris (part 2)
Lemmings
Immersive 3D Robot Sound
Lemmings
The Voices In Your Head Belong To Us
I Think I Took A Cursed Painting From My Friend's House.
these are 5 weird rules at my local library
I had one three many nightmares
How an odd encounter led to a good thing
Smithy's Bar and Diner
I uncovered a three hundred years old family secret. I wish I hadn't.
I uncovered a three hundred years old family secret. I wish I hadn't.
That thing, It won’t let me go
Be careful when using Sleep-aid Apps.
His guardian
The Murder Man Ritual
I hear woman screaming from the North-east everytime I eat a Reece's puffs
I wasn't hired for babysitting a human
You must read this!!! The secret war has begun!!!
I uncovered a three hundred years old family secret. I wish I hadn't.
Something is watching me.
An Unexpected Job Proposal
Teletubies lost episode
Honk If You're Horny
My guardian
The Death Clock
I found a letter written three hundred years ago. I wish I hadn't.
It's one day until the world ends.
My Diabolical Self • Part 13: Test
The Epologue
Do Not Interact with the Strange Children
My brother got kidnapped and now he is talking to ghosts.
The Epologue
Them (pt.2)
There's an active shooter in the building
The Death ClockThe Epologue
The Death Clock
I've been in this orphanage for 10 years and I know they're coming for me next.
I have 5 rules to follow in my new house, and the are pretty weird.
Arthropoda
Car trouble
Do you have someone you hate?
Car Trouble
There's Something Extremely Strange Happening to the Teachers at My Boarding School - Part 4
The Creature Up North
Non-Fiction. Nowhere else to post.
I disturbed the dead, and now she won't leave me alone...
Behind You
I don’t know who these people are, but they aren’t my parents
Her name was Nox.
Dive #1
The easter bunny
Dive #1
I’m part of an experiment. I don’t remember if I’m the test subject or the researcher
Don't Talk to Strangers
Stories from a line cook part 5
Don't Talk to Strangers (Original Story)
I NEVER BELIEVED IN AFTER-LIFE UNTIL I WITNESSED THIS
The Doors to a Satanist
Out of Body Experience: Wuhan, 2012
Immortality Has One Fatal Flaw
Out of Body Experience: Visit to Wuhan, China (2012)
The Hatch (3)
I’m a...different...kind of police officer. I came face-to-face with the epitome of Fear. Part II
I might die tomorrow, but I will leave the truth about my school behind
Out of Body Experience: Visit to Wuhan, China (2012)
I saw her in my room again
It's 3:33 and he's still there.
The Old Brick Yard
Hide and Seek
My dead dog came back
The day I fell into the sky
The Ghost With No Face (r/AskReddit | Best of Reddit Stories | Scariest ...
Sweet sisters with secrets~
I’m trapped in my room, I can’t leave .pt 2
There are people out there exploiting the panic over Covid-19, and they need to be stopped.
I found a place where pain does not exist
"I'm sorry," said the puppet, "but I know how you will all die."
When I was a kid, I was reminded that life was but a dream, I now know why
I’m blind and my wife is deaf. When I heard strange things, she saw them.
We Finally Got A Swimming Pool
If You See A Car With Something Inhuman In The Back Seat, Don't Follow It
The Room
What happens after death
I live alone and someone or something is hunting me
My dog has gained one pound a day for the past two weeks. Update
The Job
It followed.
The Day That Laughter Died.
There’s an active shooter in the building
My father’s lifelong wish was that I follow in his footsteps and become a Walmart greeter
I was a child entertainer, until yesterday.
The Best Birthday Party Ever.
I Watched a Man Walk out of the Ocean
There’s an active shooter in the building
There's something in my air vent
Mother
The Night the Sky Wouldn't Stop Screaming
I am locked outside of something I never left
An Eye For An Eye, A Tooth For A Tooth Part VII
My 10 year old friend who was trapped by his mother's spirit ("HANDS!")
WAR IS HELL. And no one knows that fact better than hell's denizens.
I had a childhood friend who lived under my bed and always came out to play when my dad went to work.
Dead Granny
A dead man tells his tale.
The neighbor who was obsessed with my dog
Confusion and kindness.
COVID-19 is a lot worse than we were told [Part 2]
Im sat waiting in the car and i keep seeing people dying in the dash cam. [NSFW SWEARING AND VIOLENCE]
It's been 4 hours since the school's lockdown, and I don't think the teachers outside are still my teachers.
I woke up from a nap, and everyone was gone.
Have you heard of the Well game?
My Old House
My friend isn't human or sane
Something is following me, and it takes the shape of a different person each time [PART ONE]
I woke up and no one knows me
People only love my food after two weeks of starvation
Something is following me, but it never looks like the same person twice [PART ONE]
Grandma
We Finally Got A Swimming Pool
Do you have someone you hate?
i think i need help
Do you have someone you hate?
I’ve been living like this for God knows how long anymore...
Case File #36 Preta
The closet
The Quadrilogy of the Devils Intent
Hey, since you can't sleep, use your time to read a story I just made XD
My dog went missing for a year and what came back was not a dog.
The angel of deatg
I basically never dream
I’m a demon, and my friends are in hot water with entities I’m not sure I can protect them from. (Part Two)
My New Neighbor: The Litter Killer
Don’t look at a mall’s overnight security cameras
I’m a demon, and my friends are in hot water with entities I’m not sure I can protect them from (Part Two)It's Waiting For Me Outside the Door
My Experience; Ouija Board
Probably a really dumb question but
Vampire
"Near the well"
Scary af
This is a Warning! I learned the Truth about the Coronavirus
My Neighbor: The Man You Don’t Want To Adopt From
There coming
I'm trapped somewhere, and I don't think I'm getting out.
i s e e y o u
I’m a serial killer and I saw something I could never unsee.
Makage
I loved her but she didn’t love me back
I started a new job as a overnight security guard at a private cemetery, the previous guard gave me list of rules which I can't comprehend. [Part 2] The Gravestones and the Being.
I started a new job as a overnight security guard at a private cemetery, the previous guard gave me list of rules which I can't comprehend [Part 2] The Gravestones and the Being.
The Man in My Mirror
I'm Being Watched by a 10 Foot Creature
body in the riverbed
Something horrifying happened when I was camping as a Boy Scout. I'm still haunted by it.
I started a new job as a overnight security guard at a private cemetary, the previous guard gave me list of rules which I can't comprehend. [Part 2] The Gravestones and the Being
Dark already, I am not sure what to expect...
That was the last night I walked across the outpost without loading my gun first.
When The Clock Strikes 5:00
There’s a man outside, and he is Satan
BUNKR 1 - I live in a not so typical Filipino compound
I didn't follow the rules and now I think I'm bleeding out
The Old House [part 1}
The woman of the hour
Sludge
The Wolves From Hell
The Coronavirus Is a Coverup For Something Evil
Please, read this. This is your last chance.
ARGENT INTERGALACTIC HUMAN EDUCATION COMPLEX
I never existed
Please, read this. This is your last chance.
I think i need help but i dont know what to do.
Novel Coming Soon
I bought a fish
Them (pt. 2)
insomnia solution
Slugs have cheese grater mouths
I found a human tooth in my pocket. I have no idea how it got there. Part Two of Two.
Salt Bae allegedly has the Covid-19 virus.
I'm scared of my new house.
I'm Writing this from my Basement Ceiling
There’s something wrong with the kids on Fifth and Pallid Street.
There's Something Extremely Strange Happening to the Teachers at My Boarding School - Part 3
The government is doing experiments in my neighbourhood and I’m part of it. [Part One]
I live alone and I think someone or something is hunting me
Amazing offer for you
Purple Hearts
The Coronavirus Is a Coverup For Something Evil
Momma's Calling
I Was Legally Dead for Four Minutes. There is no Heaven. There is No Hell. There is only The Lazarus Game.
Sories from a line cook part 4
I'm the victim [PART ONE]
The Ring
[Bad English,short] The little girl
Those eyes and that smile
The horror of what is called "Life".
another normal day
Those eyes and that smile
I'm Burdened with saving the world from a Pandemic /part 2
I am Burdened with saving the world from pandemic / Part 2
ARGENT INTERGALACTIC HUMAN EDUCATION COMPLEX LOG 1
Argent Intergalactic Human Education Complex log 1 (kinda rushed cus it was a school project)
I'm Burdened with saving the world from a Pandemic /Part 2
I’m trapped in my room, I can’t leave.
I found an old journal hidden in my closet. I don't think I've always been Andy.
I’ve been fighting the hunger all my life. I finally lost, and she paid for it. (Part 1)
I found an old journal hidden in my closet. I don't think I've always been Andy.
I wish that I was crazy, but I'm not
please help me out!!!!
The biggest regret of my life is taking the Ancestry DNA test.
i am a monster and i am terrified of the behavior of humans
Can you play red door, yellow door by yourself?
Screams
I follow people...now, I'm running for my life.
Screams
I'm regretting the Mile High Club, because it keeps putting my job at risk
The Accident
The Burden /Part 2
An Eye For An Eye, A Tooth For A Tooth Part VI
I Went to a Hospital in The Sticks During The Pandemic
The Accident
If the sky goes dark in the middle of the day, hide! (Part 3)
We Were Superheroes (Part 1)
My Hometown by the Sea
My encounter with me
I don’t like to play hide and seek
I started working as a Librarian at my local Library, but the rules I found on my second shift are strange..
I see the weirdest stuff that I will ever see and the time always lines up
this video will keep you awake for the rest of the night
I’ve been trapped here for almost a year. Until I’m not.
this video will keep you awake for the rest of the night
this video will leave u awake for the rest of the night
I am Burdened with saving the word /Part 2
I thought Kaziranga would be a dream come true, it turned out to be a nightmare.
What is a brownie or a Ghost? a strange creature was caught in a video surveillance frame in an old apartment on the night of 8 Matra 2020 in Chelyabinsk. it was a house Ghost or Gollum or some unknown creature. a strange creature crawled out under the bed and began to peep write in the comments ifMy first paranormal experience.
No other moment
The price of my artwork was my soul
He Was Supposed To Be Dead (Part 1)
Noisy Neighbors
Sleep paralysis. (Part 1)
The blog of mount Hamiltons point: entry 2: the man with golden eyes.
I died and saw what hell was really like
The blog of mount Hamiltons point: entry 2 the man with the golden eyes.
The Squeaking Tricycle
My Family Was Cursed With a Demon... He Says He's Not the Villain.
Are you aware if drug buyers guide is legal or even otherwise ?
My Kid Is A Little Weird And Very Miserable
I think my house is inhabited by demons.
The Smell of Pancakes.
Pin Drop Cave
An Eye For An Eye, A Tooth For A Tooth Part VI
My new neighbor won't shut the hell up.
Is there a version
I Don't know What It Is
Coronavirus? No. Something has been released that is much worse...
Is there a version...
I killed the only girl who cared for me
The time I saw a demon in my room
Have you any idea if drug buyers guide is reliable or otherwise ?
Can you tell if drug buyers guide is legitimate or not ?
Did you know if drug buyers guide is legit or otherwise not ?
An unknown guy sent me PDF documents. What I found is horrifying. Big Pharma companies are going to release a bioweapon.
I wake up every night at 3am for no reason
Have you learnt if drug buyers guide is valid or even otherwise ?
I’m a demon, and my friends are in hot water with entities I’m not sure I can protect them from.
Visitor
Don't know if drug buyers guide is legal or not ?
Them.
Rot
I spent seven days on North Sentinel Island, and I lived to tell the tale. (Final)
Why I stopped preaching God's Word
... i needed the money
I doubt you know if drug buyers guide is valid or otherwise not ?
It picked me up!!
Am I a monster?
I keep hearing knocking at night, and I finally check it out.
”Practice Makes Perfect!”
They Were Dangerous
Am I a monster?
It tried to suffocate me !!!
Were you aware if drug buyers guide is valid or maybe not ?
It started out as curiosity... It turned into something much, much worse. (Pt. 1)
The Country Rambler
Checking up on her at night.
Frog man, a true story
My Nightmare
I started a new job as a overnight security guard at a private cemetary, the previous guard gave me list of rules which I can't comprehend.
I doubt you know if drug buyers guide is legitimate or otherwise ?
The TVs talking to me again.
People around me are getting replaced, and nobody else is noticing [1].
Strange Tales From An Island Hospital
We are all capable of so much more...
Write your weirdest dream you had as a child
I saw what taps on my window at night. [Part 1]
I doubt you know if drug buyers guide is legal or otherwise ?
I came home to a terrible incident and it changed my life forever
I cant sleep
The Dreadful Hunt
My basement has a Spirit.
My mother wrote a letter that told a dark truth about my family
Fear of the Unknown
Terrance The Shadow Figure
Tick Tock Mr.Clock
Tick Tock Mr Clock
Tick Tock Mr clock
Tick Tock Mr Clock
JOURNAL ENTRY 0001-1 NAME: HELP.
Arhenehl- the Witch’s Saga (final)
It Touched Me
I stumbled upon a wicked guide for my peculiar new hometown [Final]
Barbro Påle
My cousin died, and something else came back part 1
The Mechanic
Crickets
The only New Year’s Eve I did not party.
The Forest With The "Taker" [Part 1]
JAB-76842-9
How long does it take to repost a story after the Bot deletes the post temporarily for changing the format?
the forth astronaut [Part one]
the forth astronaut [Part I̵̧̧̢̛̲̻̣͙͉̫̫̥̣͇̩̳̖̩͓̒̈́̾͋̍͗̄̇͂̓̿̃͒̚͜͝͝ͅ]
I’m Going to Come Find You
My acting audition did not go as planned
He started when I was a kid but he keeps following me
I wished for peace, and I got it... Unfortunately.
A Man Named Poppa
Horror Stories For Podcast
Night at the beach.
I met Michael Jackson the day before he died.
I didn’t make it
A bad trip on mushrooms showed me something that I still don't know how to explain
I get stuck in time every 2 months for days.
Taken - Part 1
The Cold Ones | Part Two (Check our Part One!)
A scary sexual encounter[Meta] Join us at r/scarymedia, a new hub for horror media content...
[Meta] Join us at r/scarymedia, a new hub for horror media content...
Fear of the unknown
[Meta] Join us at r/scarymedia, a new hub for horror media content...
The Coronavirus isn't what you think it is...
Does this happen to other people or just me?
Welcome home
[Meta] Join us at r/scarymedia, a new hub for horror media content...
[Meta] Join us at r/scarymedia, a new hub for horror media content...
Welcome Home, Honey
[Meta] Join us at r/scarymedia, a new hub for horror media content...
A Grave Illness
[Meta] Join us at r/scarymedia, a new hub for horror content media content (and the polar complementary opposite of nosleep, since it deals with links, not text posts).
There's Something Extremely Strange Happening to the Teachers at My Boarding School - Part 2
What about you?
My sleep Paralysis Demon came alive.
Tell me lies sweet little lies part TwO
Tell me lies sweet little lies part TwO
The Graffiti Whispers in Paris
Rose Petals
The forest is laughing..
Stories from a line cook part 3
There was a sound, and then there was nothing.
If you are reading this at night , you are in danger
the crawlspace
My School Has A Strange Set Of Rules
My brother got kidnapped and now he is talking to ghosts
I just want to stay
I just wanted a way to get back at this Earth. (Part 1)
But who saved me?
There was a sound. Then there was nothing.
I Was Legally Dead for Four Minutes. There is No Heaven. There is No Hell. We Are Hunted for Eternity by Monsters.
Attached
The Plague Burden Part 1
Me And My Boyfriend Saw The Trees Bleeding
my friend's auntie abuses her dogs
Stories from a line cook part 3
It seems stupid at first, but I could not get my water.
I think that i'm hallucinating.
The Black Widow Group
The Video
Strange apparition with pictures.
I made an unholy deal to save my wife from cancer, but it didn't go as planned
I visit thousands of rest stops yearly as a semi-truck driver, but there’s one in Texas I refuse to stop at.
Strange apparition
Criminal facial recognition software goes crazy for a man.
That..thing..made home unsafe.
I’m a Retired Priest. Over the years I’ve heard hundreds of confessions. These next few I could not explain.
Light hurts me
COVID-19 isn’t what everyone thinks it is.
The Demon Arises from Honeysickle's Home for the Unfortunate (Part 3)
COVID-19 is a lot worse than we were told [Part 1]
Calling all podcast lovers
End of my rope
Dont knock on random doors
Food for though
If your grandparents hear a noise outside, grab a knife.
A Creature Beyond My Window
The strangest person I ever interviewed
That’s wen I saw it....
SATAN'S LITTLE SOULS
Stuck in a time time loop
I am just a normal person burdened with saving the rest of humanity
The Missing IPhone
The Burden 1
My First Paranormal Experience.
Did anyone have this dream as a child?
Stuck in a time loop
4:07AM and im still hearing noises
Khăn khách sạn cao cấp - Chăn ga gối đệm Sagatex
rorriM ehT nI nomeD A
You have the most beautiful eyes.
What Happened With Penelope
Something happened to my friend and I don't know what to do
Every 27 days, someone in the world goes missing. I’m next. [3]
Not sure what to do
Part One of My Story
The Mechanic
YouTube Channel
An Eye For An Eye, A Tooth For A Tooth Part V
I am afraid of the dark.
An Eye For An Eye, A Tooth For A Tooth Part V
“A Serial killer in my town is picking off teens one by one. I wish tht was the worst part. (Part 2)”
My sister is back, but something is off.
Post Apocalyptic Survival (COViD-19)
Me And My Boyfriend Saw The Trees Bleeding.
I can’t remember the outside world
The Mechanic
The Mechanic
A ghost and A Witch
The Inuit
Dr. Eggman has gone insane
The Farm My Family Bought Was Cursed
Oh god. Oh god no.
Its been a year since the outbreak, here's what happened
Slenderman?
Redrum
Rules Of Halloween
Jane the angel?
I fear of losing what's realInvoluntary Commitment
When Boy Meets Girl
I will forever remember that night.
My brother came back after being kidnapped. Now I don’t even recognize him anymore.
I spent seven days on North Sentinel Island, and I lived to tell the tale. (Part 2)
You don't want to speak to the manager.
The COVID19 isn't what you think it is... (Part 1)
"The intruder" creepypasta
"The watcher..." Creepypasta
The Little Woman in Black
It Wasnt a Dream
Something is Wrong with my Neighbourhood. (Part 2)
The last train of the day
The last train of the day
Dream_Log_3/7/20
My body is acting strange pt2 Niels
Something is in the TV.
I’m dead, or am I?
Strange People
I've Been Trapped in a Hospital for Months.
Being Famous is not What it Seems
They told me Ireland was beautiful and peaceful but they never told me about its darker side.
The Last Full Service Gas Station In Parrott, Georgia
Eas wake up call pt 1
Taken - Part 1
The Barman and the Bankers
Taken - Part 1
I stumbled upon a wicked guide for my peculiar new hometown
Free Bird
Wolly
I have a Cat Spirit in my apartment, and I don't know what to do
The Van I Keep Seeing
I woke up to a freezing cold blizzard. My family and I are trapped inside our house.
He killed, impersonated and took PICS of her DEAD BODY
...
Be whatever may
My CoD Rival is Trying to Kill Me - Part 1
That one EAS I can not forget about (Part 1)
The Man In Black: Chapter 1: He Was In The Field...
a ghost in the corner of the world part 1
I bought alive ancient creature for 42 bucks
There's a new MLM company but it went viral for the wrong reasons
I bought a live ancient creature for 42 bucks
there are clowns hunting me down
I Found a Notepad at an Abandoned Camp
there are clowns hunting me down
There are clowns hunting me down
I Played A Creepy Dating Sim... Then I Found Out It Didn't Exist!
M
Mardi Gras ended two weeks ago but I saw a strange parade last night [Part One]
How do I not have a fear of dying?
201
The government were experimenting with a new demographic of voters
Something is Wrong with my Neighbourhood. (Part 2)
Silverback, the Wolf King
I think I met my mother's doppelganger last night
Stories from a line cook part 2
If the sky goes dark in the middle of the day, hide! (Part 2)
I Just have some random questions. #1 if some asteroid hit my property and damages it, whom should contact? And who takes responsibility? #2 if I found out that asteroid is full of some precious metal which makes one damn rich, will I own the asteroid?
He
I make $4,000 a month streaming on Twitch, but my channel is growing too controversial for monetization. UPDATE
I was being stalked, but not by a human.
The beginning of the end - an introduction
Only my dad believes that there was somebody in my room. My mum ignores me when I explain.
Ｓ Ｋ Ｙ
I found a secret room in my house with everything that i lost
My reflection is low-key giving me chills
ALL EIGHTEEN LIVES OF OMEN, THE CAT
My reflection is low-key giving me chills
The Bankers
Mountain Loo pt.2
Mountain Loo pt.1
Internet :(
Mouthborn
My grandma used to tell me scary stories when I was little. There’s one I only just remembered. Final part.
My name is Raymond, I killed an innocent guy with a knife
My reflection is weird
The smoking ghost
I had a weird experience with sleep paralysis just now...
Seeing
I AM AN EXPERT THIEF. WHAT I ROBBED MADE ME QUIT
The wood behind my house are... strange. Part 1.
When it rains, it pours
The hospital changed me in a bad way pt. 1
My strange experience that started by showing the way to a deaf
The hospital changed me (in a bad way)
There are screams constantly in my small town from around 3:00 AM to 4:00 AM. Nobody recalls anything, just as if it was a normal night. Me and two friends are the only ones who know. Part 1.
Chasing Filth.
The screams I hear and the...creatures, that I see when I close my eyes are incomprehensible (Part1)
Is there a reason why I wake up and stare at my closet?
Dr. Rasmussen's Assistant Gets Fucked Up By A Sink [Part 1]
Something is Wrong with my Neighbourhood. (Part 2)
Something is Wrong with my Neighbourhood. (Part 2)
I Found a Notepad in an Abandoned Camp
Something is Wrong with my Neighbourhood. (Part 2)
My Paranormal Experiences
I Found a Notepad Under a Floorboard at Camp and I Want to Leave
My Paranormal Experiences (REAL I SWEAR)
An Eye For An Eye, A Tooth For A Tooth Part IV
It started with a strange CDMy grandmother's haunting
Pam's face
My older brother drew a Satanic circle in the driveway.
Burn in hell please
We See Angels
Burn in hell
Pam's face
I really didn't want to
MESSAGE RECEIVED
I know what's coming.
Nobody believes these anymore, right?
The woman in white, that damn bloody witch in white...
I wanted so badly to die, until it was going to happen. (Part 1)
I've always hated mirrors
My friend and I keep hearing noises from our rooms...
The Inner Limits
peanut butter on discord
My constant battle between life and death...
My friend and I keep hearing strange noises... We are home alone...
Interview with the Ghost hunter.
I spent seven days on North Sentinel Island, and I lived to tell the tale.
I would often wake up panicking after my sleep paralysis, but could not remember what was scaring me during it. But today, I remembered.
I bought a live ancient creature for 42 bucks
Something is Wrong with my Neighbourhood.
I had an Hallucination......I think.
The Curse of Dark Mountain Final
2215050320.txt
I "discovered" a dozen new planets in the night sky. I thought nobody else could see them.
I was nearly killed by my town's ghost.
It’s been three days since I started to see colours. It was the worst mistake of my life.
The Spider Baby
AFTER HOURS PART 1
The Sun
I don’t like to listen to the radio.
Never sleeping again, screw that.
Maybe Don't Trust The Book Man
It wasn't my fault
I think there's something wrong with me.
The Hooded Man
We called him the Wizard [Part 2]
I suffered from sleep paralysis, but only at my parents' house
The sky seems different here.
A Spiral Staircase
I thought my boyfriend was cheating on me. The truth is so much worse.
Egg Shell
I suppose I warned you about my imagination... didn’t I?
Having a conversation with the deceased
Suspicious military ship incounter
The truth about The Ranch
What's your coming back from the dead story or experience?
The Bath Game
Graduation ceremony has concluded. Me and my closest friends decided to go explore a mansion. (Little did I know this would change me.. )
There are things in the woods
The Radio Man
Creepy Cabin in the Woods | Part 1
Hellspawn
Creepy Cabin in the Woods | Part 1
Stopping at a Gas Station in the Middle of the Night is a Very, Very Bad Idea
Where you belong pt 2
Creepy Cabin in the woods | Part 1
Children of the Forest
I’m a...different...kind of police officer. I have been face-to-face with the epitome of Fear.
My wife and I bought a ranch in the mountains last year, and my neighbor had some interesting suggestions on how to manage our new land. Part VI, Finale: Winter Ghosts
Free Bird
Time travel is real.
My wife and I bought a ranch in the mountains last year, and my neighbor had some interesting suggestions on how to manage our new land. Finale: Winter Ghosts
Where you belong pt. 2
Ten years ago I killed myself. The Devil gave me a second chance at life. (Part 2)
“Welcome Home, Honey” - (A Home Invasion Story)
I watched them burn.
A broken girl
My little sister had glass bones
There's something in my bed but it isn't me
Groogs
The First and Last Thing He Ever Heard - Two Brothers' Experience With "The Rules of the Road"
If a family member has the flu, pray it isn't something worse
It’s to late for me
There's Been a String of Suicides in my Town. The Victims Always Break Their Mirrors First.
I called my gf while I was asleep
The Last Full Service Gas Station In Parrott, Georgia
The man I'm interviewing just died on camera.
Hide And Seek For The Blind
I found a human tooth in my pocket. I don't know how it got there. Part Two.
I think my husband's possessed.
When it rains, it pours
January 2020 Winners!
My soul left my body 8 years ago.
My dog has been barking at nothing on our nightly walks; Last night I saw something.
My sleep paralysis just got worse
My stories from working as a line cook
I'm a Fire Watchman and Things Around Me are Starting to Disappear
The screams I hear and the...creatures, that I see when I close my eyes are incomprehensible
The screams I hear and the...creatures, that I see when I close my eyes are incomprehensible SERIES-1
Me have the sex 😜
weaponized chimp
The House in Oak Crest
There's Something Different About Her...
The screams I hear and the...creatures I see when I close my eyes, are incomprehensible.
Prologue to "The Black Murderer"
I finally figured out why I felt eyes on meAn Eye For An Eye, A Tooth For A Tooth Part III
My Dad Hates Ouija Boards
My Dad Hates Ouija Boards
SERIES - Magic is real, and I don't like it - PART 4
What I thought was a normal fishing trip turned into a nightmare
The Beheader......
The Horrible Truth About My School’s Basement: 25 Years Later
Someone killed my family, and I sent someone to avenge them. But things didn't go to plan.
The Horrible Truth About My School’s Basement: 25 Years Later (Epilogue)
It was always going to be you, wasn't it?
I've been trapped in a library for six hours. The finale, part one.
The hitchhiker man (part 1)
Bored
I loved you forever.
The creatures in the woods are deadly, and I've made it my life's work to find out why they exist. Reclusive; Part 1
An Eye For An Eye, A Tooth For A Tooth Part III
I loved you forever.
I loved you forever.
Roses are Red, Your Lips are Blue
The creatures in the woods are deadly, and I've made it my life's work to figure out what they are. Reclusive; Part 1
The Journal of Anthony Hawker
Grieving
I just wanted a friend
The Tick Tock Man
The House
I’m not afraid of the woods, but that thing is still out there. Pt. 1
i swear he waved at me
Don’t take the elevator down to B3
The Horrible Truth About My School’s Basement: 25 Years Later
Odd Boy
Rules for the cabin airbnb
How to Survive Camping: the man with the skull cup kissed me
All-girls horror
Bedtime Story
Is It Safe?
The two homeless men whose heads and face keep changing
I found a journal... (part 2)
Necromancy for Beginners part 1
I told you
Down by the Courthouse
I was almost lured into the basement..again
The app "Realness Talk Pro" is not what it seems.
The app "Realness Talk Pro" is not what it seems.
My Girlfriend Got Into BDSM
I went in my basement I regret it pt1
Old phone keeps ringing
Urban Exploring in the Southeast USA
Was I wrong for lying to my sister’s fiancé about where she was on their wedding day?
I told you
Take down all of your mirrors.
AITA for lying to my sister’s fiancé about where she was on their wedding day?
There's a monster that steals toys from children...
i almost got killed
I told you
Northern street 21 aka why i hate dentists
I hated school
Scary Black Angel
Overdone
Claire
We called him the Wizard
There is a price for everything
My Lucky Skateboard
Tales from a Town in the Middle of a Forest (PART 2)
I contacted my grandmother using an ouija board.. big mistake
The campus of rebirth
ya'll will sleep for 30% of your life and cry for 20%
There is a sea monster that lives near the Gulf of Mexico (Final)
Delirium Tremen
Help
My childhood friend asked if I remember the Cigarette Man
M I K E
I think I’m being followed, please help
The Radio Man
Timothy's Woman
I Told a Joke, and Nobody Laughed
Necromancy for Beginners
Wanted: Assistant Manager for the Ophelia Family’s Traveling Circus
Tales from a Town in the Middle of a Forest (Part 2)
I think I’m being watched, please help.
Jessica.
A Crack in the Ice
Oh! Did I wake you?
TV Shows/Films
I’m lost in an IKEA
My moms childhood
The Binary Dog
The Long Drive To Nowhere
Warehouse walker part 2
My brother is gone and missing, I don't know what to do!
I'm a Drug Dealer and You Shouldn't Smoke What I'm Selling [Part 3]
My sexy TikTok’s are making me famous.
The Wind
It was always going to be you, wasn't it?
Warhouse walker Part 2
My grandma used to tell me scary stories when I was little. There’s one I only just remembered.
I think I’m being watched, please help.
I think vegan “meat” gave me cancer.
My dog has gained one pound a day for the past two weeks.
I'm staying at a motel i found in the woods. It has some strange rules.
FatherFather
No one in my family is normal.
Lick Skillet
Do Not Fuck With The Unicorns
What dogs actually see when they bark at you
I was attacked by a spirit. Literally
It’s the End of the World and It’s our Fault
A Warning to those that Ignore the Nosleep Blackout
Ever since my husband has come back from the hospital, he's been acting a little strange.
Clone
My dog has gained one pound a day for the past two weeks.
Colour Death Switch
February 2020 contest nominations
The Chamber of Death
My experience with the Ouija board
BUNKR - I live in a not so typical Filipino compound
Click. Click. Click.
Dyatlov Pass Incident [Part 1] - The start of a journey.
Stop When the Red Lights Flash
Got any tips to survive the night shift?
Doll House
Any Tips for Surviving the Nightshift?
I really love nail polish.
Incident #1
My husband is missing and I think aliens got him!
The American Psychiatric Association is much worse than we thought
I used an ouija board to contact my grandmother.. big mistake
The Radio Man
I heard whistling in the hops and whistled back, Big mistake
I gained access to the American Psychiatric Associations' files and made a horrific discovery.
I found a journal... (update 2)
Roller Coasters
"Welcome Home, Honey"
Running from Shadows — Further Entries in an Old Diary
My Eternal Faith (Part 7)
No More Room in Hell
If you can't feel anything that might be my fault
I'm a corrections officer at a prison where nothing happens.
The world as we know it
Dial P For Possession
Is it safe to post yet?
My house is surrounded by armed soldiers - 3
An Eye For An Eye, A Tooth For A Tooth Part II
Help! I'm trapped in this author's shitty story!
I was a human experiment
Do not call the police
Is It Safe To Post?
Running from Shadows — New Entries in an Old Diary
Never go to a Waffle House overnight.
My son has Coronavirus, but his symptoms are drastically worse than doctors are describing.
Unexpected guests? Cannot calm myself
Don't stop at Armdale
I Am Haunted. Chapter One
My new house is great, but there’s something off.... (PART 2)
Don’t listen to the PeopleEatPeople Podcast
It Likes When You Shitpost
"Wanted: Assistant Manager for Travelling Circus."
It Likes It When You Shitpost.
There hasn’t been a pregnancy here in 8 years
All American Football Association
We developed an experimental AI that searches the web, but recently, it has gone awry.
There are four stages
Sloth
Unsolved Case Files #18 &amp; #4
My house is surrounded by armed soldiers - 2
My Eternal Faith (Part 6)
We developed an experimental AI that searches the web, but recently, it has gone awry.
Room 1813: Solitude
Room 681: Lizardmancano
Room 2099: A Hundred Year Stay
Room 1923: The Honeymoon Suite
[Room 2099] A Hundred Year Stay
Somethings wrong with this house... I know it.
Flirting with death means inviting its friends around too
Thanksgiving before Halloween
There’s a creature outside my backyard #2 (Final)
Stories
There’s a creature outside my backyard #2 (Final)
Room 985: The Men.
‘Room temperature revolt’
Room 234: The Closet of Lost Souls
I Went to the Address On My Fake I.D.
The Belltower
I've been trapped in the library for six hours. The finale, part one.
I found a journal... (update 1)
Room 776 The Unexpected Getaway
The Horrible Truth About My School’s Basement
Sleep Paralysis
If you can't feel anything right now that might be my fault
Room 667: The Devil Next Door
Room 1337: IRL
Toby (p. 1)
If you hear your name being called in the woods, don't answer it. Part 1
The Lake
The Last Day in the Life of Peter the Nobody
I thought my workplace was just a regular, every day, 9-5 office. I couldn’t have been more wrong.
Morgz was coming in my house and he started screaming. The End
ROOM 220: I'm a therapist for monsters
I saw something outside my door.
Mr. GoatThe last year in the life of Peter the Nobody
There is something really wrong with my driving instructor
There is a sea monster that lives near the Gulf of Mexico (Part Two)
My Friend Claimed To Know The Truth. We Never Listened. We Should Have Listened.
Where?
We shall reach for the stars and swallow them whole.
A dream unlike the ones before
A Witch Cursed the Babies Born in My Family
We called him the Wizard
I died in November(gutter language follow-up)
He was taboo
The demon that haunts my brothers closet
What Bobby Brought
The Guardsman
The Guardsman
TICK
Nobody Escapes the Postmortem Penitentiary
The Hymn of Hard Luck
I spent years searching for answers surrounding my great grandfather's mysterious 1913 disappearance. My search took me to a distant world. What I learned shocked me to the core, and I have not slept in months...
Sleep that grips you
Room 285: The Scream Queen
One Penny
Oh little Blakey, we miss you
The girl in basement number 64
Why am I still here?
My house is surrounded by armed soldiers.
snow fever
Oh little Blakey
Steps to Heaven
Not little Blake
Room 968: Your Troubles Melt Away
Not little Blake
Just a normal day
Not little Blake
The Mother of 8 Corpses
Not little Blake
12:24
Peeling
Unnatural Fear
I Got An Emergency Alert About An Invasion,Now There Are Beasts Outside
Me, my best friend and some others people are kidnapped by a strange creature (Part 1)
I drink every night to keep the nightmares away.
Room 388: Trouble in Paradise
Happy at Your Job?
Why the motto is everything is real here even if its not
Do NOT Visit Americatown
I don’t know we’re I am
Why the motto is "everything is real here, even if its not"
I went to bed a Nazi, I woke up, a Jew.
‘I struck something with horns’
A Silly Little Game
The Cotton Candy Man
There is a sea monster that lives near the Gulf of Mexico. (Part One)
There’s a demon at my house
Pretty girls make graves
Light snow on cold weather ❄️...
An Eye For An Eye, A Tooth For A Tooth
Indian Summer
Unnatural Fear
Light snow on cold weather ❄️....
An Eye For An Eye, A Tooth For A Tooth
I Live on a Farm out in the Sticks. Something Weird Is Happening to Us. [3]
Snowfall in the Red Valley
What was that
Room 409: The Unknowns Pt. 1
The Dinner Guests
My experience with the Ouija board
Pretty girls make graves
Normal People
The teacher didn't come to class, so I went to the teacher's lounge. What I saw there scarred me for life.
The Forgotton Shadows: Oblivion
Tick
Room 202: Double Booked
Room 922: The Room of Your Greatest Fear
Go easy on me! This is my first story 🙂📝
I performed a ritual incorrectly and I'm now facing the consequences.....(Part 1)
Me and some others people are kidnapped by a mysterious creature
Welcome Back.
Mommy’s home
I am going to shoot the goddamn Moon.
My husband stuck it in crazy.
My experience with the Ouija board
Speculate.
Room 473: It, who came with a starless night
Room 118: The Wrong Room
Monsters, Ghosts, and Spirits of the dead - Narrative Poetry
Horrorscopes: March 1nd- March 8th
I feel like I opened a realm to another world through my bathroom
Planet of the Undead Gorillas
I slept with Ted Bundy's ghost and now the cops are asking me some uncomfortable questions
The World Underneath (part 2)
If You See a Blossom Tree, Be Careful Where You Put Your Hand
Knock knock, who's there?
‘Unwanted things’
Better luck next time :)
I and 49 others people is forced to play a "game" by an entity (Part 1)
Room 1001: Where We End, We Begin.
Our neighbor is a Doomsday Prepper. Lately they’ve been stockpiling for the End of the World. We are never getting out of here. Final.
Beyond Belief has Brought them Out, and Now they’re Coming for Me
The unnatural is evolving.May 6th 2002
I fell into the most notorious zoo exhibit in the country. This will be my final Reddit post...
None of You Can Write a Good Twist
The Abraxas Ring
Out In The Backyard
The Wicker Saga: Song of Joy, Part 12
There was a man living in my attic for 2 years and no one knew
The Last Answering Machine on Earth
Three Days Ago, My College Crush Invited Me To A Place Called Respite Hollow
Six years ago I saw something that I still can't get out of my head. Read at your own risk
(Part 2) There are no serial killings in the Philippines because I get rid of the bodies.
Three Days Ago, My College Crush Invited Me To A Place Called Respite Hollow
I met a man in the park, then he did something to my daughter. (Part 2)
Don’t Sleep, Won’t Sleep, They’ve Come for Me
What did I do...
I traveled back to the Victorian Era, but the world I saw was nothing like in the history books - Part 5: The End
Do Not Google Youself
The Morning Hug
I traveled back to the Victorian Era, but the world I saw was nothing like in the history books - Part 5 (The End)
Brenda
In 1992 I shot my co workers dead
If you receive a senderless email, you're already doomed
They said my child would change everything, but I never expected this to happen
An Infinite Expanse of Arid White Clay
My Eternal Faith (Part 5)
Coronavirus Covid-48
Super skeptical person, saw something I can’t explain, help?
Darkness is for sleeping, right?
SERIES - Magic is Real, and I Don't Like It - PART 3
Do not download my app
What you can dream.
Scrap Car Removal Melbourne, Car Removal Melbourne , cash for cars Melbourne, Car Wreckers Melbourne
The Brain Glitch
Redneck-Midget-Ninja-Clowns from the Underworld
Room 114: 90 Day Fiancé Has A New Spin-Off
The Masquerade
The thing came back but it was now a woman
Our neighbor is a Doomsday Prepper. Lately they’ve been stockpiling for the End of the World. Now it’s here. Part 2.
I had my story posted on creepypasta.com!
What's Found in the Woods (Part 1) - The Itsy-Bitsy Spider
I have serious depression and I want to kill myself everyday haha
The Thirteenth Tale--The Rat King
My Eternal Faith (Part 4)
Black Santa
I'm cursed to live in a different time Era every 7 days...
I hate driving at night
Knock knock
My town has one rule: Never whistle in the graveyard.
Want to make $$$ working from home ? Be your own boss!
The Devil Lives On The Old Red Bridge
I was cursed to live in a different time era every 7 days...
Its wasnt me...
Hiking trail
The thing in my backyard
Disorder
Room 101: These Walls Have Eyes
Its happening.
“Welcome Home, Honey”
“Welcome Home, Honey”
“Welcome Home, Honey”
Looking for info about a pill I took
Room 132: The Dentist's Box
I Live At The North Pole(Finale)
My new house is great, but there’s something off.... (PART 2)
“Welcome Home, Honey”
I Live At The North Pole(Part 12)
Locked in a abandoned haunted school part 1
I Live At The North Pole(Part 11)
READ THE RULES TO WORK ON THIS RAILWAY
Can sleeping with a bright light affect REM sleep?.
If you live near the Gulf of Mexico, do not go to the beach at night. A Sea Monster Will Kill You (Part One)
The Werewolf Hunter
Room 999: Down the Drain
I Live At The North Pole(Part 10)
Monsters
Room 276: Pretty Woman
Oh shit, I just coughed
I Live At The North Pole(Part 9)
Our neighbor is a doomsday prepper. Lately they’ve been stockpiling for the End of the world. I think they might be onto something. Part 1.
another portal to another universe
I live At The North Pole(Part 8)
My new house is great, but there’s something off... (PART 2)
I Live At The North Pole(Part 7)
In the End...
If you’d asked me yesterday what scared me the most I probably would have laughed at you
I Live At The North Pole(Part 6)
Room 199: Our Lady Luck and the Devil's Door
Document Found By Police In An Empty Cabin (Part 5)
Incoming Message
The Day the Bees Took Form
My Roommate is A Haunted Doll (Part 7)
The Day the Bees Took Form
My brother is a serial killer
My new house is great, but somethings off... (PART 2)
Breaking up is always painful
Breaking up is always painful
My local Ronald McDonald is getting too intense for kids' birthday parties.
Blue eyes at night: Never look at them
People wonder why i'm afraid of the forest.(part 2). I've confronted the monster from my past.
I stayed at the new luxury hotel with my best friend, but on our very first night over, I was given a set of rules that instructed me on how to stay alive. (part 1)The Curse of Dark Mountain Part 4
A mysterious man saved me from possibly dying when i was little.
Mile Marker Lady
This is why I stopped smoking. (part 1)
The Lake
Mile Marker Lady
Graveyard Lights
Redneck-Midget-Ninja-Clowns from the Underworld.
Mama:
Graveyard lights
They’re coming
Nothingness in the name of science (part 1)
Room 738: Blood, Bathory, and Beyond [Part 1]
Starting a covan
‘I’m still not sure what’s going on’
Room 221: Unicode FINAL
Inside the picture on the wall
Rowe
The Moth
ROOM 898: Kiss From a Rose
Salted Kidneys
The blog of mount Hamiltons point. Entry 1: i was just trying to enjoy my Sunday.
Ten years ago I killed myself. The Devil gave me a second chance at life.
It is true.
Camp Newborn
Inside of the picture on the wall
We met on the Internet
Camp Newborn
I Live At The North Pole(Part 5)
There is a monster in my house
I Live on a Farm out in the Sticks. Something Weird Is Happening to Us. [2]
I have 27 hours left to live. (Part 1)
When Dreams Become Reality.
In The Trenches
The Shadow
The Shadow
The Shadow
I Live At The North Pole(Part 4)
The Shadow
A Face
Room 898: Kiss From A Rose
Room 127: Dead Air, Live Wire
I Live At The North Pole(Part 3)
The Shadow
I've been trapped in this room for 4 years.
A monster is hiding in our house part 1
The Hum in the Blizzard
The Shadow
I Live At The North Pole(Part 2)
The Shadow
Charlie
You have 27 hours left to live.
Be Careful What You Wish For...
Room 330: No Cancellations. Ever.
Late nights tale
The Shadow
Strange Tales From An Island Hospital - Part 2
The Shadow
The babies cries
The Shadow
Beast pt. 2
The Shadow
Beast pt. 2
Beast pt. 2
mu story with the magic
Beast
Killing Innocents
A very sexy encounter.
Document Found By Police In An Empty Cabin (Part 3)
The Function of Yeast
A Very Demanding Internship
Mushroom
Sunset over Karnak
The White Lady
Something is living in my house
I made a scary note as for my English homework, please tell how scary it is.
Room 530: Is This a Love Story?
Room 202: Double Booked
I found a newspaper in my attic.
‘The devil you know’
Blackest of Black Fridays
All the signs were there. I should have paid attention.
The Disappearance of Little Marcus - Final Part
If you believe in the simulation theory, the elevator game makes sense - and there’s nothing supernatural about it
Tales from a Town in the Middle of a Forest
There are no serial killers in the Philippines because I clean up the bodies.
It Calls From the Deep
Outcasted
Tales from a Town in the Middle of a Forest
Tales from a Town in the Middle of a Forest
Document Found By Police In An Empty Cabin (Part 11) [Finale]
Room 268: That I See, But This I Sew
THIS IS FOR YOU.
I Finally Met My Guardian Angel
My wife and I bought a ranch in the mountains last year, and my neighbor had some interesting suggestions on how to manage our new land. Part V: The Ghosts Arrive
Blue Dawn: Recounting the Smurf War
We danced
The First Murder on Mars
Document Found By Police In An Empty Cabin (Part 11, Finale)
An Encounter With GodThe World Already Ended Once. It is Happening Again.
Document Found By Police In An Empty Cabin (Part 10)
The Parable of the Visited
Document Found By Police In An Empty Cabin (Part 9)
The World Already Ended Once. It is Happening Again. [TW: Sexual Violence, Self Harm]
The Gateway
We Danced
All the signs were there. I should have paid attention.
Room 721 : Ominous Reflections
Document Found By Police In An Empty Cabin (Part 8)
My wife was asleep for longer than usual and it ruined my life
Rules for dating a demon
I discovered the horrifying reason why men empathize more with fetuses than with women
I run an antique shop. I only give my clients three rules
If You Ever Hear a Raven Talk, It's Probably Already Too Late For You
Ever since my husband abandoned us, our son hasn’t spoken a word. Now I know why [FINAL]
Ever since my husband abandoned us, our son hasn’t spoken a word. Now I know why [PART 1]
My daughter Emmeline
I found out i wasn’t the father to my son and it all went horribly wrong
My wife was asleep for longer than usual and it ruined my life
Anyone else visit that strange treehouse in the forest?
A beer brand bombed the clouds above São Paulo so it wouldn’t rain during Carnaval. The media won’t tell you the truth about what’s been going on since
I sit on a throne of crunchy leaves.
Room 123: Let's Make A Deal
This is why I lock my doors
The Disappearance of Little Marcus - Part 1
An Unexpected Day at the Bakery
Room 560: closet
Room 505: closet
A Little Bit of Baggage
Osama Bin Laden Made My Cousin An Alcoholic
The Cage.
Every Night I Dream About Hanging from a Bridge by the Teeth
Dear redittors my friend has started writing some really good stuff plz check it out
My best friend murdered me, I got my revenge
We can't fight it...
The Darkwater Chronicle - Madness and Murder in Old Jamestown!
Room 1213: Where my Mother went to Die
‘My back seat has a permanent dent’
A Catholic priest murdered my wife and son, but I refuse to reveal his identity to the police. (FINALE)
An Accident Left Me With X-Ray Vision and I've Seen Something That Is Not Human
Room 380: The Mermaid Suite
My Eternal Faith (Part 3)
I found a journal...
Room 888: Telephone
Tell me lies sweet little lies
My plane stopped making noise and everyone was gone
Warehouse Walker
“Smashing, darling, love the look!”
Windows
Room 1902: I’m Farmer Ray, and today I met my Evil Hotel Twin Brother
Call of the Sirens [Part 2] - The Curse of the Sea Witch
The Lake
The Triptych
The never ending fall
True gentlemen drink their scotch at room temperature
My Sister was an ISIS Bride (Part 7)
Room 1911: An Exorcist Walks Into a Bar
TLDR: A nightmare i had
The Creature of the Desert
My neighbor's dog keeps barking. It has stopped for a long time now.
I Have Always Been a Monster
TESTIMONY OF A WAKING NIGHTMARE
The neighbor's god kept barking. it has been quiet for a long time now
A meteor was supposed to wipe life on Earth, but it missed
I Received A Letter From Myself (Part 2)
My Girlfriend Has Been Acting Strangely Lately Part 2
Bardolf Otto von Blutstadt
Room 2004: Guilty Lovers Special
My Girlfriend Has Been Acting Strange Lately ((Part 2))
His name is Timmy
I am Salazar, an experienced finder of the occult. Come see what I've found this time.
I LOOSE FAITH
Room 404: Not Found
Ghost (part 1)
Gohst stroy (part 1 of 47)
The more I drink, more sober I get
"They're looking for you."
Room 333 - What would you like us to do with your body?
My name is Philip Jones
This House Hates You Part 1
Always Watching
This House Hates You (Dante Graves Story 1)
The Lake
I just wanted a friend
Animal Control is a Dangerous Job
The Cow
The Lake
Room 222: Runaway.
Stitch the Trained Toy Agent Pt1
So I have had a headache for weeks (part 8)
CoronaRagnaroK
Stitch (Trained Toy Agent) Pt 1
My Demon Has Returned
I Found Out How To Get Back The Demon Who Possessed Me
It’s coming for me (part 1)
I Miss The Demon Who Possessed Me
Someone posted on /r/NoSleep for me
A Black Beast Follows Me Everywhere.
The Life of a monsterMy new house is great, but there’s something off...
☆꧁༒𝑺𝒉𝒐𝒑𝒑𝒊𝒏𝒈 𝑺𝒊𝒎𝒖𝒍𝒂𝒕𝒐𝒓༒꧂☆
Black Friday Brawl(Part 2)
Tonight I finally reach the top of the staircase
There’s no such thing as ghosts.
My Eternal Faith (Part 2)
All ships are haunted.
Black Friday Brawl
The mud ate my girlfriend.
THE SPIRE IN THE WOODS. WHERE CAN I BUY A COPY?!?!
☆꧁༒𝑺𝒉𝒐𝒑𝒑𝒊𝒏𝒈 𝑺𝒊𝒎𝒖𝒍𝒂𝒕𝒐𝒓༒꧂☆
https://www.reddit.com/r/Paranormal/comments/fbzhtp/the_top_hat_man/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=iossmf
These are the Rules of the Windmill
I Work As A Museum Night Guard, I Got A Strange Set Of Rules.
Mark’s Survival In Hell: Part 1
Lost Between Two Worlds
The Silver Room
A quarantine broken.
Campus Visit
The Hole
Masks
I keep seeing strangers staring at me at lunch
I'm about to wake up.
The Hole
These Are The Rules of the Windmill
Room 1515: A search for an inception
Wonder
Document Found By Police In An Empty Cabin (Part 7)
“Where’s Sadie?”
Table 16
Document Found By Police In An Empty Cabin (Part 6)
This youtuber asks for people to be his friend. Whoever agrees leaves and never comes back alive.
‘I saw my daddy cry’
Document Found In An Empty Cabin (Part 5)
Table 16
My body is acting strange pt2 Niels
The Hole
Table 16 (first horror story attempt! Constructive criticism is appreciated.)
I'm about to wake up.
Document Found By Police In An Empty Cabin (Part 4)
Everyone keeps dying
Call of the Sirens [Part 2] - The Curse of the Sea Witch
heya guys!
Long Lost Lover
-.-- --- ..- -.- -. --- .-- .-- …. .- - - --- -.. --- (Part 3)
Fís ของ 狂った神ごす。S1E1: Hope ,Not Scary,
My Mom Never Smiled At Me
Zimmerman Automata
Fís ของ 狂った神ごす。S1E1: Hope(Not Scary)
Just a Scratch
Bad Dummy
We Went Camping In The Jewel Basin and I Don't Think We're Going Home
Upon starting my new job, I received a mysterious set of rules. I deliberately broke all of them.
Trevor's Tales S1E3: Peace
The Gray Area
An average night out
Room 1901: You Can Never Leave
I Overturned My Boat Alone in a Cold Northern Sea. This is What I Experienced. (Part 2)
Everyone has a place in Paradise
Do Not Drive On Christopher Road
By My Side
The Lost Souls of Skeleton Island
The Nightmare Detectives: Lucid &amp; Lost (Part 1)
Iroichi: A Samurai Ghost Story
The Demon
The Nightmare Detectives (Episode 1): Lucid and Lost.
I Overturned My Boat Alone in a Cold Northern Sea. This is What I Experienced. (Part 2, Final)
Hello there.
The Fluttering
Corona RagnaroK
People wonder why i'm afraid of the forest. here's why.
Room 336: All Good Girls Go to Hell
Have you ever spotted a building, a tree or even a drain cover and thought 'I swear that wasn’t there before'? The thing you thought wasn't there before? It wasn't.
The Typo
The Howls of Silence
Room 173: Corridor Girl, Part 1
Dear Sasha, Today I Married My Beloved Spacegirl
I Overturned My Boat Alone in a Cold Northern Sea. This is What I Experienced. (Part 2)
Cassadaga Sequence 1 w/Video
A Nightdrive
The Dissappearance of the Miller Boy
The Girl on the Tram
Cassadaga 1st Sequence (w/Video)
The Fluttering
The Massacre Hotel
A Few Days Ago I Met A Mysterious Girl Playing Free Fire, I Thought I Wanted To Be My Girlfriend But It Turned Out To Be Something Much Worse.
We open weird portals to the Underworld and pull the Damned out for cash [part 3]
2TB ONLYFANS PORN CHEAP
We open weird portals to the Underworld and pull the Damned out for cash [part 3]
[Part 1] The Life Cycle
The Taking.
Doll House
He needs to go.
Ignore the night birds
Tonight, all the stars have disappeared.
The Shadow
You See the Mark. Part Three.
You See the Mark. Part Three.
Room 1515: The Search for an Inception.
Acceptance is the only escape from the Planes of DeathLegs
Text You Later
‘Yes, I am patient zero’
Vitamin Sea
It Says It's God
The Shadow
EMERGENCE
Human Suit
It came from the woods (fiction
I don't know what to title this, but please read it. I need your help
I Live on a Farm out in the Sticks. Something Weird Is Happening to My Brothers. [1]
When someone writes, “A scream in the darkness.”
The year is 2222, your name is Nabila and you need to wake up!
The Bunker (pt. 4)
I Overturned My Boat Alone in a Cold Northern Sea. This is What I Experienced. (Part 1)
The never-ending trip
i just want the flair so i can brag later
My Last Hunting Trip
The Closet
The Crack in the Floor
Before the Dreams Begin
Humanity's Final Chapter
My Mom Never Smiles At Me
Obi wan Kenobi
Don't go to DisneyWorld. You have been warned...
I’m an electrician and I fear my curiosity is going to be the death of me ( Part 2 )
Every day at 7.44 he hands me a new piece of paper
I Don't Think my Neighbor's Are Real
Don't go to Disney world. You have been warned.
Why New Orleans Has Above Ground Cemeteries
Why did the chicken cross the road?
Dan's Spider
We Ordered Pizza From The Deep Web
The “iPod” from that eBay seller...
What can I do at this point?
Room 545: A Vampires Lullaby (Pt 1)
Century
Like an addiction
I Know What I'll Do When I Become Immortal
US Department of Astral Affairs: On Sandmen
Keeping Secrets
Entire countries are disappearing from the Earth’s surface
My second day at Disney World is unsaturated underneath. (2)
Like an addiction
The reason I'm not a 911 operator anymore
Eternal gas huffer
Hello? I'm from an alternate Earth and you need to listen!
Conditions of entry
The Smell In My Space Ship
Everyone keeps dying
This is not what should happen during a storm - part 2
A Beautiful New Cycle
The Narrator’s Guild was given 7 plagues last week
Room 555: The Locksmith is in the House
My son stopped sleeping in protest to the Nosleep protest. Now he has superpowers.
Don't check the locks. Don't look at the door
I discovered I'm a Pixie.
This is not what should happen during a storm - part 2
I shodded and farded
Shouldn't have gone to the shed.
Yard Sale
Room #555: The locksmith is in the house
Room 545 A Vampires Lullaby (Pt1)
Room 545 A Vampires Lullaby
I appreciate your fanfiction!
Something beckoned me to follow...
We Both Shall Live
We all wear masks. Until ash wednesday. [Final]
The Day I Heard the Noise
The River Spirit
Bloody Mary killed my friend.
Doritos are little more than gamer fuel
The Tell-Tale Turd
The Day The Earth Expelled Us
C.A.G.E. Document Leak No. 1
Bloody Mary killed my friend. I’m the only one who knows the truth.
Atomic Death and Taxes
Eternal gas huffer
Room 221: Unicode PART I
‘Sweeten the deal’
Room 221: Unicode (Part I)
Room 260: Mr. Bear (Part 2)
Please read
Chubby Cheeks
I’m an electrician and I fear my curiosity is going to be the death of me ( Part 2 )
I woke up in the woods next to a dead body. Part 2
Insecurity
Insecurity
Room 813: Point Pine's newest attraction
Dream Reapers
Room 260: Mr. Bear (Part 1)
Campfire
Room 260: Mr. Bear (Part 1/3)
The Diaries of an English College Professor, Detailing His Uncovering of a Colleague's Twisted Experiment Vol. 4 *Final*
Go Through the Blue Door, Emily
The Diaries of an English College Professor, Detailing His Uncovering of a Colleague's Twisted Experiment Vol. 4 *Final*
The Right Mindset
A dream that didn’t feel like one
Room 420: Three Ships
I keep living others deathsThe Diaries of an English College Professor, Detailing His Uncovering of a Colleague's Twisted Experiment Vol. 4 *Final Volume*
I am trapped in somewhat a dream of some sorts
I’m a fishing and rafting guide in Patagonia. A few weeks back, I killed a beast the world thought was extinct.
Room 2020: Seeing in Hindsight
TIFU not being nicer to my sister
The soothsayer's curse
The Diaries of an English College Professor, Detailing His Uncovering of a Colleague's Twisted Experiment Vol. 4 (Final Volume)
Ghost part 1 of 23
The Diaries of an English College Professor, Detailing His Uncovering of a Colleague's Twisted Experiment Vol. 3
ghost [part 1/23]
The Diaries of an English College Professor, Detailing His Uncovering of a Colleague's Twisted Experiment Vol. 2
Boxes
There’s someone in my backyard
The Ghost of Einstein
The Diaries of an English College Professor, Detailing His Uncovering of a Colleague's Twisted Experiment Vol. 1
My Job is Secretly Hell
I’m an electrician and I fear my curiosity is going to be the death of me ( Part 2 )
A quick game of Rock Paper Scissors
I Catfish a Different Girl Each Night
Do not trust Ndemic Creations
Room 545 A Vampires Lullaby (Pt1)
I Hunt the Things that Go Bump in the Night part one: Lets get this off my chest.
Specimen Retrieval Log
Specimen Retrieval Log
Kiah Cometh for Thee - Part 3: Orphans and Orphanmakers
Specimen Retrieval Log
Has anyone heard of Invisible Child Syndrome?
Room 545: A Vampires Lullaby {P1}
Beautiful Murder in Seoul
If You Stumble Across an Abandoned Garden in the Countryside, You'll Never Know What You Might Find Inside
Specimen Retrieval Log
I've been stuck in limbo for ages
Mr Hopps
Land's Intelligence
I was alone and happy during my stay at the ranch. Everything changed when the knocking started.
Room 545: A Vampires Lullaby (Chapter 1)
[Unregistered Port 80] {Open Tunnel} I'm sending a Message!1!!
I have achieved 100% lucid dreaming, but i dont think its just a dream anymore. Part 1
I Never Got the Whole Story
Jarred
Something is Wrong With my Neighbouhood
Kiah Cometh for Thee - Part Two: Scars on Scars
I have achieved 100% lucid dreaming, i wish i didnt.
Kiah Cometh for Thee - Part One: The Jilting of Joe
Midnight Visitor
How To Be Happy
Random is Random is Random
Christmas Movies Saved My Life
Are you for serious? Infinite jackets? Huh?
The Legend Of Angels Run
19 Chestnut Street (Pt. 2)
The Fire Bug
19 Chestnut Street (Pt. 1)
I am in a somewhat dream that I am trapped in [PART 1]
Are you for serious? Infinite jackets? Huh?
Roscoe
My New Apartment
Are you kidding me? This can’t be happening. Infinite jackets? Huh?
Why I Stopped Narrating Stories On YouTube
The Tomes of Blasphemy
cock
Clones
I KNOW THE TRUTH ABOUT THE CORONAVIRUS OUTBREAK
My Son Shot a Catapult At My Head, You Won't Believe What Happened Next!
Keep Running
I've Seen Everything
Eyeless creatures
It's Already to Late
I am trapped in a supposed to be dream
I've Seen Everything
The Tomes of Blasphemous Horror
the curious strange ones (pt. 2)
Keep Running
I Work Overnight at Lowe’s and There Are some Strange Things That Happen There: Part 8 Conclusion
SuperMarket Memoirs 21: Special Bulletin
the curious strange ones
SuperMarket Memoirs 20: Blow-Out
SuperMarket Memoirs 19: Christmas At Barnaby’s
SuperMarket Memoirs 18: Did You Hear That
SuperMarket Memoirs 17: Weswegiti
Shyness.
SuperMarket Memoirs 16: Re-Grand Opening
The final supper
SuperMarket Memoirs 15: No Deal
SuperMarket Memoirs 14: Employee Appreciation Day
SuperMarket Memoirs 13: Scrambled
Dead Space Catalyst
SuperMarket Memoirs 12: Flashback
Psychologists, have you ever been genuinely scared by a patient before? ...
My Eternal Faith
SuperMarket Memoirs 11: Animal Instincts
Dreadful Panes
SuperMarket Memoirs 10: Flower Child
SuperMarket Memoirs 9: 31 Flavors
SuperMarket Memoirs 8: Kentucky Fried
SuperMarket Memoirs 7: Coffee And Donuts
SuperMarket Memoirs 6: Help Wanted
The Amazing Mr Majestic
SuperMarket Memoirs 5: 52 Pick-Up
Grandpa, Tell Me a StorySuperMarket Memoirs 4: Slippery When Wet
SuperMarket Memoirs 4: Slippery When Wet
SuperMarket Memoirs 3: Sacred Ground
SuperMarket Memoirs 2: Paper Or Plastic
Room 1290: Seal Her with a Kiss
‘Out of the box’
SuperMarket Memoirs 1: Clean Up In Aisle 12
The Darkwater Chronicle - The Jamestown Murders
Being alone can be a scary thing, especially when the knocking starts.
I snuck into a zoo after dark, but then I fell into the most notorious exhibit in the country.
Memento Mori
Trunker's Treat
Selfless
House Of Wolves.
Song of the Sea
My Sister was an ISIS Bride (Part 6)
AITA for "stealing" stories from r/nosleep authors?
The Dusty Horrors
Ixodida
I woke up to an Emergency Alert on my phone, now there's creatures outside... #5 [FINALE]
AITA for "stealing" stories from r/nosleep authors?
Warning Level Black Part II
The attic people
Being alone can be a scary thing, especially when the knocking starts.
The Window
This is mad
I’m an electrician and I’m afraid my curiosity is gonna be the death of me (part 2)
They didn't want to be found
Ballerina
Very Itchy PLEASE HELP!!!
The Angel on the Shore
Windows
The silence that was under the house.
I live with my parents and they have a weird list of rules
I suffer from face blindness and i think my family has been replaced pt.2
Illusory Utopia
A Dream
Diary of sub 0246:
Ballerina
There was a storm in my town. I don't think it was a normal storm...
Child goes missing, later found drowned in a check dam.
Just don't look down
Homerstown
The Eastern Forests
Just open the door, my love.
Bad Blood
Everyone Thinks My Brother Is a Hero, but If You See Him, You Need to Run
I watched men die between her legs
The Nightmares Haunt Me
The Nughtmares Haunt Me
Level 4 Test Lab Transmission 20615/22-3
My girlfriend came back last night.
We found our neighbor locked in our bathroom.
Level 4 Test Lab Transmission 20615/22-2
Level 4 Test Lab Transmission 20615/22-1
The Lost Year In Time
ASS1017
Yesterday, I read something sinister.
F***k all these click bait titles, I’m just calling this one "The Wrestler".
I believe the weeklong shutdown was just a cover-up, hear me out (Part 1)
The Telltale Turd
This is your last chance to save a checkpoint. |SAVE| |CANCEL|
I accidentally stumbled into an alien spacecraft, and now I'm an intergalactic slave.
Scary spooky ness
Room 2042: A Warped Perspective
I lost my dog in a blizzard
Lucifer - My Side of the Story
I’m a YouTube Narrator and I wish I never stole that story.
Black Holes Aren't What We Think (Part 5)
I Am Not Insane, But I Am A Vocabulary Expert
The cultists of the campus
Messy War Story of Alice and Me
The legacy
I Am Not Insane (But I Am A Synonym Expert)
I really, really should NOT have agreed to try and rescue my dead sister's daughter.
The nosleep shutdown was to spread coronavirus, and you should follow these rules to stay alive
ARDENT SAVIOR
I REALLY, really should NOT have agreed to try and rescue my dead sister's daughter.
My parents have some weird rules
My girlfriend has been acting very strangely today.
A Real Superhero (Part 4)
"Would you like to go back?"
A Real Superhero (Part 4 - Final)
Would you like to go back? [YES/NO]
I'm Theirs
A Real Superhero (Part 3)
A Real Superhero (Part 2)
A Real Superhero (Part 1)
If a creature named Puddles appears to you, don't tell anyone
i didnt mean to
He was a bug, He was the Pope
I made a mistake.
Trisha and the End
Demonic Pacts (Final)
Warning! Be aware of what happens on the date March 2nd, 2020.
Searching for Author Meat
Demonic Pacts (Part 9)
Thorn Prick
Demonic Pacts (Part 8)
A guide on creating collective obedienceMy Town's Newest Rock Star May Be A Demon
The Blind Painter
I Lost My Dog in a Blizzard
My Sister was an ISIS Bride (Part 5)
Please read this warning
"Do Not Bury Me For 3 Days" - The Truth About George Washington's Death
The Loop
I Can’t Hear Them Anymore
BEWARE!!
The Loop
Demonic Pacts (Part 7)
A transmission from another world
I'll haunt this house with you
Everyone said the world was ending-- no one mentioned how boring the end would be.
The Cult
Does Anyone Else Dream Of Fish?
If I close my eyes, everything outside of my bedroom will disappear. Again.
Demonic Pacts (Part 6)
How I Escaped Death(Finale)
I’m in the worlds biggest beauty pageant, but something feels suspicious... (part 1)
Super Scary Story!!!! Read thru to the end pls!
My town has a horrible secret, and it all begins with a test (Final)
2:47 A.M.
I’m in a beauty pageant, but something feels really off... (day 1)
Demonic Pacts (Part 5)
How I Escaped Death (Part 3)
I Was Assigned To Kill Evil People (Part 2)
Demonic Pacts (Part 4)
I found a slave's autobiography
My House Is Haunted
I was locked inside the nosleep subreddit for 7 days. This is my story
The Christmas of 85
How I Escaped Death(Part 2)
Room 113: The Room that Shouldn’t Exist
Give up magic and a life to travel to another world.
Demonic Pacts (Part 3)
Compiled Notes On The Athena Project
I think time is crumbling apart around me...
Demonic Pacts (Part 2)
So me and my friends played this game where you basically play minigames with spirits. Let’s call it Spirit Minigames. (Part 1)
Demonic Pacts (Part 2)
Time is crumbling apart around me...
How I Escaped Death
Demonic Pacts (Part 1)
“Hey. Are you awake?”
Peter is Broken
I am shutting down
Room 1414 - The Orgasmic Keyhole
Do Not Go To The Valentine's Day Festival
I never should've challenged my fear of the sea
Venus de Vipère
I got in a fight with a degenerate at the bank today.
Me and my friends played a game where you basically play games with spirits. Let’s call it Spirit Minigames. (Part 1, Night 1 &amp; 2)
“Hey. Are you awake?”
DOCUMENT FOUND BY POLICE IN AN EMPTY CABIN (PART 3)
I'm a Nosleep Mod and I Will Never Escape
Nobody listens to teenagers.
“Your times up.”
I narrate NoSleep stories on YouTube. An author gave me my 3rd copyright strike today. This is how I ruined his career.
The NoSleep shutdown has ended. Here’s what to expect next.
Special Event Announcement!
A Little Bit of Baggage
I gained access to the American Psychiatric Associations' files and made a horrific discovery.
The Infinity Room Experiment
Strange Tales From An Island Hospital
The Beast that lives deep within Deer Tail Hill
Please Visit The Barkersfield Dog Park!
The beast that lives deep within Deer Tail Hill
I Accidentally Killed A Narcissist With My Thoughts. I Guess I‘ve Found My Purpose In Life.
I can’t keep closets open here’s why
The 14 Acre Monster Camp
Sunny smiles daycare was hiding something and we found it
IOU
Sunny smiles daycare was hiding something and we found it
“Your times up.”
"You've got mail."
If you're reading this on March 2nd be prepared for the worst.
Large Creepy Mansion with a laboratory inside.
“Your times up.”
“Your times up.”
The homeless people in my city are disappearing, and nobody else remembers them
I work at a top secret base in North Dakota. Something really bad happened
The Reason Why I Can't Go Outside At Night
The ending...
I found out I wasn’t my sons biological father and here’s what it made me do
I found out i wasn’t my sons real dad and here’s how
Spill Your Guts
My experience with the paranormal (part 1)
Please don't upvote. I'm just looking for the story where OP said he would kill one of the commenters
I'm an Archeologist. This is our final warning.
My dream wasn't just a dream.
My dream wasn't just a dream.
I've Been Deaf For 14 Years, A Couple Days Ago, I Heard. I Wish I Never Had - CreepyPasta
Peacekeeping mission in Africa
I Have Pieced Myself Back Together
The Umbra Experiment
I Have Put Myself Back Together
Everyone says there are no monsters, I know from experience that they are wrong (part 1)
My body is acting strange part 2 Niels
My Grandfathers estate is weirdWe all wear masks. Especially during the parade. [2]
Widow Burning Still Happens
Snowflakes.
I saw a dead bride in my house
Where do I go when the lights go out?
I’m pretty sure I met the devil.
Black figure
[NSFW]What the public doesn’t know about the Coronavirus.
If I could only vote for Trump, but I have caught myself a cold
Dr. Me
There’s a creature outside my backyard.
There’s a creature outside in my backyard #q
I found these files and audio recording in my desk 10 minutes ago, there’s something outside.
I went to work at my Grandparents’ place. They have a strange set of instructions.
What I found unnerved me.
The Cold Ones Part 2
unknown journal part 1
I work for an organisation that captures paranormal "Subjects". I - The Angel and The Bats
The Scream in the Woods
I have been trapped in a Costco for the past 3 days
I have 9 hours left to live, but I’m thrilled - Part 2
I have been trapped inside a Costco for the past 3 days
There’s a creature outside in my backyard #1
Coronavirus Cure, Test Subject 17:
Coronavirus Cure Test Subject 17 Document:
Coronavirus Cure Test Subject 17 Document:
This is not what should happen during a storm
I'm terrified of shower curtains
Document Found By Police In An Empty Cabin (Part 2)
Almost 3 am, and I cannot sleep AGAIN!
I don't think I'm safe in my apartment. (Part 1)
The 'Room Service' - Granny's Pension #3
Reddit, I encountered some creepy things in my apartment and I need your advice [Part #1]
I just need more time to make the perfect subject, i just need perfection
My roommate's been acting weird recently. [2]
I was experimented on, something's wrong with me...
A girl with perfect routine
I Painted Something That Shouldn't Exist
Cerberus is a Great Gaurd Dog. This Isn't a Surprise.
Reddit Verify Disconnection
so I had a nightmare and it is slowly coming real
unable to do anything for my college
I thought our home was safe.
The Cold Ones
Jinns
my story with corona {part 1}
The Swarm Is Coming
Why you should always mind your own business
I am a Berserker, now it is my turn to hunt
I’m stuck in a room, I have a list of rules to guide me.
I rushed my Shutdown and Cake Day Prep, Now I Regret It
I've been trying to contact the spirit of my deceased son. Maybe I should stop.
My paranormal experience
The generic r/nosleep formula
My paranormal experiences in my new house
I'm having trouble sleeping.
My paranormal experiences in my new house
It’s alright, surely?
I hated my last hunt...
Doll House
Maria Nichols 1
Maria Nichols (1)
Maria Nichols #1
Maria Nichols #1
What the public doesn't know about the Coronavirus.
John H. &amp; The Demon
The Man In The Window
The Most Peaceful Town But With Some Weird Rules
I went camping and what happened scarred me for the rest of my life part 2
The Jail in Our Town are Built for Something
What the public doesn't know about the coronavirus.
Lost and Found
Nosleep has been hiding a terrible secret, and i just figured it out.
I use mannequins to fill every empty seat and chair in my flat to keep Dr no one at bay
There's a monster in the other room. It claims it used to be my wife.
I’m a Retired Priest. Over the years I’ve heard hundreds of confessions. This is one I was never meant to know.
After Hours PART 1
The final supper
Hiroshima and Nagasaki was a cover-up.
The Haunted Doll
Her
I found a cure for leukemia, but shortly after, it found me.
Interview With a Ghost-Whisperer
I am an A10 Warthog pilot. I was deployed for an unusual night attack mission.
Found Footage
Here's how I became a Voyeur. And why you should fear the Sun. [Part 2]
I work for a secret organisation that captures paranormal "Subjects". I - The Angel and The Bats.
A Lady in White Pt.1
The Creepy Non-Existent Twin.
Real America
Someone came into my home last night.. but that’s not the worst part.
The Estate
I work for a secret organization that captures paranormal subjects. I - The Angel, the Bats, the Man.
The council of Zestativic
THE GRAVE ROBBERS PART 3 of 3
He left a knife outside our front door .. but that wasn’t the worst of it.
Will you remember pt1
The Church at the Edge of Town
I made a peculiar discovery because i was nosy (Part 1)
Every 27 days, someone in the world goes missing. I’m next. [2]I made a demon angry at me bacause i was to nosy ( l )
Car sitting outside with engine running.
The real reason r/nosleep is going private for a week PT2
Car sitting outside with the engine running.
the house my house
Car sitting outside my apartment idling for hours
Lurking
NSFW. I worked at a top secret bunker in North Dakota. Something really bad happened.
I was five or six when I saw my first ghost
The 3:03 Whistler
The skinwalker is coming, nothing can stop him.
Log Entry
The Forest Children...
Childhood Love
The Secret of the Hawthorne House
I Lost My Virginity to My Girlfriend, It Turned Me into a Monster. Part 15
I'm a 20 year old journalist in a zombie post apocalypse. Part 1: Karma
Dreams for Sale - Part 1
the story of a faulty fortune teller (part 2)
I went camping and what happened scarred me for the rest of my life part2
It Was Already Too Late
The Awakening Pt. II
Shadow Man
The Sonic Movie Redesign Wasn’t Because of Fan Backlash
I was forced to get a suitcase from a shady car... and now it's gone? (pt 2)
The village where we doing our community service,has something dark behind it.Part I
I used to work as a police officer. Here's the incident that stuck with me.
I used to work as a police officer. Here's the incident that stuck with me.
The Wedding Singer
SKiNWALKER found in walmart? Gone sexual at 3:am 24 hour challenge ( not clickbait)
Lunch of Shadows
I went camping and what happened scarred me for the rest of my life part 1
I ran an online scam on Craigslist
The Star Hooded woman
The Northern Lights
MICKEY LEFT THE CHAT
I camped out In the woods and what I saw scarred me for the rest of my life part 1
It all ended with the sleepover
MICKEY LEFT THE CHAT
MICKEY LEFT THE CHAT
MICKEY LEFT THE CHAT
I'm a...different...kind of police officer. Today, there is no escape from fate. Final
Scariest thing that happened in my life
Scariest thing that happened in my life
I’m a...different...kind of police officer. Today, there is no escape from fate. (Final)
It was always following us since we did that game
Scariest thing that ever happened in my life
Dear Mrs. Smith
I joined a cult by accident. Then i escaped. I think they're looking for me.
The Best Corn Pie in The Country
Log 13
Lion
Im a new narrator and asking if you can submit your stories to this subreddit
The Hall
I woke up in a strange room, only with a list of rules.
I woke up to darkness
Aliens.. part 1
Murderous Seraphina
The darkness
If You Received a Notification From "Find My Mobile," There's Something You Should Know
The Survival Guide for Blue
My wife and I bought a ranch in the mountains last year, and my neighbor had some interesting suggestions on how to manage our new land. Part IV: The Scarecrows
The haunted house *true story*
Crimson Mind
The Reality Behind the Famous Arts School - ChiArts
My second day at Disney World and something's wrong with the Godmother. (1)
The Reality Behind the Famous Art School - ChiArts
Lorelei, the Girl Who Lives Inside My Wall
The thing that flies.
the crawlspace
I have an eye condition that makes my life a living hell
I think Slenderman was in my room 2 years ago...
The Nephelim - Neil
I can not explained what happened
I think Slenderman was in my bedroom 2 years ago... (TRUE STORY)
My wife and I bought a ranch in the mountains last year, and my neighbor had some interesting suggestions on how to manage our new land. Part III: The Scarecrows
I think I’m trapped in a nightmare and I don’t know how to wake up this time.
She Died With Her Husband And Babie ....
Document Found By Police In An Empty Cabin (Part 2)
My roommate's been acting weird recently [1]
Even butterflies Bite. Alternate- The Unintended Consequences of Killing a Soul
10 years ago,while evacuating victims of a plane crash,something were trying to kill us all
A murderer lives in my house
I've been working as a rescuer for 20 years.Now,i gotta to tell you something.Part I
When I was a child I used to see a figure in the corner of my eye. A few weeks ago, it came back.
Used 2002 VW Passat Wagon forsale.
They started selling love in the store upon the shelf
It's just a hoax right (final)
I work at a loading dock, tonight we're getting a mysterious load
Cherokee Windigo
The Cherokee are Scared
If any paranormal expert or person knowledgeable in the field Abrahamic mythology is reading this can you ping me please ASAP URGENT!!!!
Somewhere else #1
I'm trapped and I don't know where. #1
I Found a Doorway in my Apartment That Should Not Exist - Part 2
The Creepy Non-Existent Twin.
Hopeless
I work at a zoo. Two nights ago, something broke into one of the enclosures. [Part 2]
I work the night shift at an abandoned hospital...
The Creepy Non-Existing Twin.I work as a night guard at a hotel. This place has weird rules... [SELF HARM] [CHILD ABUSE]
I work in a camping resort, and i found a different set of rules...
I've never been with a guy once in my life. It wasn't simply a 'bad luck'.
A knuckle bone has been sent to me every year since my 1st birthday. I’m afraid what will happen when I turn 28
The Girl In The Blue Dress
Goodbye appleberry! - Part 2
I Received A Letter From Myself &amp; I Don't Know What to Do (Part 1)
FSA Evidence Cache - PROJECT LOTUS - Memory Dump #1
The story of The killing siren
The Smiling Bastard
The real reason r/nosleep is going private for a week
Sounds far fetched, but I held the baby in my arm. Saw it disintegrate.
My Story Was Removed. I Thought That Was the End of it... *UPDATE*
Dear Diary, August 5th, 1990.
There are people who participated in lynchings during the early 1900s that might still be alive today.
Hi!
What short story/creepy pasta kept you up at night?
If I close my eyes, everything outside of my bedroom will disappear. Again.
I Think I Helped an Old Man Pass to the Other Side
My job has some new interesting rules.
I need help seriously !!
I felt different after the car accident.
He almost got me, I can’t believe I slipped up this badly
Do Not Do Try This At Home
Fishtank
8-28-2006. Dr. Robert's Test Timeline... From The Beginning.
Document Found By Police In An Empty Cabin
I TAUGHT I
I was chased by fake police
Grandma Haunted House?
Lady washes blood off her car at my local car wash. Just woke up from being in her trunk.
The opening to the underworld
My town has a horrible secret, and it all begins with a test (Part 5)
I saw my first UFO, but I don’t think it was an alien spacecraft.
The Place of Fear
Charlie puth type beat tik tok funk type beat | Looped / Instrumental
So Far Behind Me
Charlie puth type beat tik tok funk type beat | Looped / Instrumental
the story of a faulty fortune teller
Don’t go to the abandoned building on Dedham road.
I Was Murdered, But I'll Get My Revenge
Ronald McDonald is acting strange...
The man stood at my door all night
Down the raindrops fall
I buy deserted storages in war torn countries, what I found in storage 7-21 made me quit the business. PART ONE (1)
The spirit of devils curb
It's just a hoax right?
I was forced to get a suitcase from a shady car... and now it's gone?
Down the raindrops fall
Town of the Sleeping Monster
Down the raindrops fall
Haunted Grandma House
My Cat Died When I Was 7
Welcome to Nowhereland.
I will never go back....
It's just a hoax all of it. Right mom?
The two divine beings sat alone in the scorched forest.
I regret buying this apartment
I found a DIARY during a family trip, I wish I've never gone !
Creeped out.
I found a DIARY during a family trip, I wish I've never gone !
If I wish for death it happens, only to the wrong person
Down the rain drops fall
How a prestigious school lost all of their honour.
The Reason I Stay Inside On Halloween
The Reason I Stay Inside On Halloween
My parents secret recipe
The Emperor Virus
I’m a...different...kind of police officer. Today, there is no escape from fate. Part 11
I'm a private detective and I've been sent to investigate the mysterious disappearances of children in a nearby town [Final]
I’m a...different...kind of police officer. Today, there is no escape from fate. Part 10
Toothache
Max and mine's first day together...YIKES!!! (Part 8)
The Devil in the White City
I dont think l know what l was dealing with
The Girl In The Blue Dress
Do not trust them
My father left a box of VHS tapes when he died. They show parallel earths ending and ours is next. FINAL UPDATE.
The monsters in the woods won't hurt you, it's the ones in the ocean you should worry about... Pt. 2
My girlfriend is terrified of deer. I didn't believe her until it was too late.
My Father left a box of VHS tapes when he died. They showed the end of parallel earths, and ours is next. (FINAL PART)
Darkness
The Boy in the Field
I was researching AI before it was cool.
Never going to my mom's place ever again
Colwins cornee
Knock, Knock.
I found tapes at an abandoned beach called "Imporea", now I might die. (Part 2)
The satanic pizza Journals: My terrible choices
Why did this happen?!?
Is this some sorta spy thing. Why did this happen?!?
Knock, Knock.
My wife and I bought a ranch in the mountains last year, and my neighbor had some interesting suggestions on how to manage our new land. Part III: The Bear Chase
Don't listen to her voice...
Travel North While Not Heading North.
One Penny
Collect the Data
Knock Knock
Everyone knows that ouigi boards are fake. Right?
I’m A Detective; I think I found something I shouldn’t haveI’m a lawyer and my client is accused of criminal charges in a High Profile Case. I’m trying to make sure they get convicted. Final Part.
The Haze Part: 2
The reason I'm never going to babysit again. Ever. Part 2
I'm being stalked, by something that isn't human
The Last Supper
What I found Astral Projecting
I have 10 hours to live but I’m thrilled - Part 1
See what Chinese Government told Nigeria Government Over Corona Virus Outbreak
Why I have Stopped Doing Social Service
My late husband's family are monsters
It Watches From The Trees
hello i am a researcher of paranormal phenomena i would need you to help me identify the hidden image in the video the youtube link of the video is in the description
The little girl who started everything
Welcome to Nowhereland
Stranger won't quit calling
Why I can never return to the Swiss Alps (part 1)
The reason I'm never going to babysit again. Ever. Pt 2
So I played The Midnight Game
Stillborn
Why I have Stopped Doing Social Work
I Thought I'd Dreamed up My Great-Uncle's Weird Encyclopedias as a Kid, Until I Ended up Inheriting Them | Part One
I found some concerning entries in an old journal.
Nothing really. NSFW
The Haunting of Anchor Mines
My sister is suddenly became affectionate
There's a blizzard outside, but it's summer in Wyoming. [Part 1]
Zephyr Strauss
My wife won’t stop mothering a babydoll...
The little girl who started everything
Death told me that it wasn't time to go yet
I just wanna go home (part 1)
I've Just Moved into a New Apartment and My Toilet is Bleeding
I just wanna go home
I woke up in an asylum. And I can't remember how I got here...
If you see yourself being followed by a burnt man, lock the doors and stay inside.
The Wendigo Calls - Part one
Help! Missing Village
I work under the Pentagon and some strange shit is happening (Part 1)
quick give me a gothic tale plzz
An encounter with Fake Police
My Story Was Removed. I Thought That Was the End of it...
My Diabolical Self • Part 12: Farrell
"911, what's your emergency?"
Happened to me just now.
Crazy is the Game
My Nightmares Anniversary
I may have a stalker
I Found An Old Computer With A Game Called Zonk.
[part 1] The Ghat Section
I Found My Inner Voice After 33 Years; I Don't Like What it Has to Say
If you’re thinking about getting Seeking arrangements, don’t. I promise you it is a bad idea
Ever thing keeps vanishing and no one believes me. ( part 1 )
Legend of The Two Pale Girls
Size Matters
Legend of the two pale girls
i heard noises outside, and now hes coming.
The First Customer
Soñé con la misma chica 3 veces
Pale girls
Every 27 Days, I Make The World A Better Place
I Work as a Sonar Operator On a Fishing Company. Lately, Something is Wrong With The Sea
I accidentally started a cult at my school
The Curse of Dark Mountain (Part 3)
Every 27 Days, I Make The World A Better Place
The fan
The rules at my subway station are extremely weird.
Sewer Shadows
I woke up to a emergency alert.
There are old fallout tunnels that run underneath my town (part 4)
please help I got a emergency alert.
Brain damage is always fatal, even when it's just a little.
The rules at my subway are disturbing
The rules i have at my subway station are Disturbing. (Part 1)
NIGHTMARES
The day i murdered my wife and realised the beauty in this world
My wife and I bought a ranch in the mountains last year, and my neighbor had some interesting suggestions on how to manage our new land. Part III: The Bear Chase
I just need more time to make the perfect subject, i just need perfection.
Always Hunt Alone
Help there are creatures outside the store
I got a creepy emergency alert send help.
I Think Something Is After Me
Dear Artists
Dear Artists And Readers
My town has a horrible secret, and it all begins with a test (Part 4)
My town has a horrible secret, and it all begins with a test (Part 4)
My Cousin is a Criminal
Dear Artists.
Dear Artists.
I’m an electrician and I fear my curiosity is going to be the death of me
I Left Earth to be There for Faye and Rosy Posy - Part 4/4
It'll break your heart to know how dogs are treated in this community.
A Cold-Hearted Killer Up North
Do You Experience Sleep Paralysis?
Something happened 9 years ago and I think it might happen again.
It's Not Real
The Haze
My dad has to make a decision that will change our family forever [Part One]
It's Not Real
The Haze
Found a strange notebook in my mail today. Part I: ThornsThe time I almost got killed
The fires that follow the fire exit signs
I Found An Old Car In A Field. I Might Not Make It Out Alive.
I found tapes at the abandoned beach Imporea, now I might die... (Part 1)
A Selfish Stroll
I'm stuck on a ship, with a beast.
The Florist
I am a member of Native American Tribe, and this happened when I was young.
A Routine horror show part 2
Scream of the Fourth Trumpet [Part 1]
Shimmer: Part 1
A Visitors Guide to Tate National Park
I'm a private detective and I've been sent to investigate the mysterious disappearances of children in a nearby town [Part 5]
Cold
my neighbours have started to act strangely, I think one of them is missing an ear. part 2
A Routine horror show part 2
I use 100% of my brain [1]
The Corner Of My Eye
can't stop thinking about this birdwatching notebook i found
The Corner Of My Eye
Looking for story
Becoming a night guard at a military base was not what I thought #2
The street light
We all wear masks
The street light
Becoming a night guard at a military base wasn't what I thought #2
If You Received a Notification From "Find My Mobile," There's Something You Should Know
The monsters in the woods won't hurt you, it's the ones in the ocean you should worry about... Pt. 1
A Door (Rev. 2)
If You Got a Message From "Find My Mobile" There's Something You Should Know
Hope
What’s wrong with my mom
I grew up in a remote area of the woods (Part 3)
Entitled Karen Thinks I Stole Her Camera
Staying in on my birthday is a small price to pay for my life
The reason I'm never going to babysit again. Ever.
I decided to uncover my sister's secret. I wish I hadn't...(PART 2)
I’m a lawyer and my client is accused of criminal charges in a High Profile Case. I’m trying to make sure they get convicted. Part Four.
Staying in on my birthday is a small price to pay for my life
If It Matters That Much To You
SERIES - Magic is real, and I don't like it - PART 2
There's a weird creature in my school.
The Stranger Inside
Springlock
Staying in every birthday is a small price to pay for my life
i live on an island with demonic creatures(pt2)
The Wendigo Calls - Part 1
We bought a new house and i have a feeling something's wrong
Dear prize winner
Dear prize winner
GRAVE ROBBERS Parts 1 &amp; 2
The Perfect Cocktail
The twice-made phone call, years apart.
GRAVE ROBBERS [PARTS 1 &amp; 2 of 3-Part Series]
**GRAVE ROBBERS --- PART 1: THE DEATH**
I'm only twenty years old, but I've lived thousands of lives. [2]
My McDonald's is different during the night
I met a man in a park, then he did something to my daughter.
Every year for the last 3 centuries our town has been sacrificing its women to protect the world. [Final]
So I thought up the worst terror act a man could ever do, and if they did do, they should go to hell.
Dear prize winner.
GRAVE ROBBERS
Please help
Please help
Help
Dear prize winner.
Scary nightmare
I kept having the same nightmare when I moved out of my parents' house. Now I know why.
Something came from the drain
I'm on a ship, with a beast. (REUPLOADED)
I know what you’ve been through. If I know, “the others” know too, and they can find you.
Birds of a Feather Heal Together (Part 2)
SERIES - Magic is real, and I don't like it - PART 2
Birds of a Feather Heal Together (Chapter 2)
Killer near me....
The most devastating pandemics in the history of mankind
I'm a Voyeur. You don't know me. You really do not want me to know you.
My Mother's brother
China’s Coronavirus A “Fake” Crisis...
Wiped
Don't Eat The Pudding...
I think I visited hell
I Think My Wife Is a Serial Killer But I Am Actually Relieved (Part 2)
The day I lost my arm to a cult in the Philippines
Fear of the Doll
Fear of the Doll
The kool aid man
A Short Journey
Every 27 days, someone in the world goes missing. I’m next.
BANK OF TIME
A horrifying creature is on my street. Part 2 (Finale)
I found my creepy talent
A horrifying creature is on my street. Part 2
&lt;&lt;Disappear&gt;&gt;
The Cabin
Legit question - cold spot on bed
I'm stuck on a ship, with a beast.
Pls help
Pls help
What Lies Beneath The RathausHouse Sitting Gone Wrong
Today I Decided To Walk To Work.
I Brought the War Over With Me
A Series Of Videos Update
My wife is mothering a doll...
I Work as a Sonar Operator On a Fishing Company. Lately, Something is Wrong With The Sea
Today I meet satan himself.
Moving Shapes [Part 3]
continue of the * life in the endless IKEA*
The Closed Window
Blind Religion Part 1
Blind Religion Pt. 1 - aye first post pls no bolly
Blind Religion Part 1 - aye first post pls no bolly
A not quite right neighborhood
My wife is mothering a doll...
I saw something in a Youtube livestream,
The city's local vigilante just brutally attacked me. I have no idea what I did wrong.
Death is a place
Stalker
there is blood under my fingernails
Where is He?
A Day Out
Becoming a night guard at a military base was not what I thought
There's Been An Apperant Shift In Reality
i live on an island with demonic creatures(pt1)
The Abandoned Island Near My Hometown
The Sandman
Being a night guard at a military base wasn't what I thought it'd be...
Thorns
The Midnight Game - Part Six
Moving Shapes [Part 3]
I think my nurse is a vampire on steroids
What they never told you about the wringer
Debarrimise Cave, don't go to it, you won't last...
Texts from a Friend - Initial situation
I Left Earth to be There for Faye and Rosy Posy - Part 3/4
Disappearances in the Disney Underground
I use 100% of my brain (1)
The Strid Of Eachy Hill or: How Me &amp; Badger Caught A Monster
I just won the lottery, and it ruined my life
I Saw Them, Now I Can't Forget Their Image. Chapter - 1
C0SM0S F1NAL3
I saw something in my room what happens next will shock you.
Childhood Horror Story| Scary Stories 2020
The Door
Mascot
My Sudden Insatiable Craving for Horror.
The Figure in Black
[FINAL] There's a girl in my backup camera
The Dark
The man in the wall
Cameras
The Subway (My First Horror Story)
Baba Yaga
A demon broke into my house ( PART 2). After the breakout
My housemate was a prankster. He scared the hell out of me.
My wife and I bought a ranch in the mountains last year, and my neighbor had some interesting suggestions on how to manage our new land. Part II: The Lights
My brother was an art collector
My wife and I bought a ranch in the mountains last year, and my neighbor had some interesting suggestions on how to manage our new land (Part II)
I Think I Purchased a Demon House (PART 1: The Late-night Stalker)
My neighbours have started to act strangely, I think one of them is missing an ear.
A demon broke into my house(PART 1)
My wife and I bought a ranch in the mountains last year, and my neighbor had some interesting suggestions on how to manage our new land (Part II of V: The Lights)
What can I do?
My housemate was a prankster. He scared the hell out of me.
Knocked Out
Sleep Paralysis Demon.
My housemate was a prankster. He scared the hell out of me.
The city of Oakland ate my father
I'm a Personal Assistant to The D*vil Part 1
My housemate was a prankster. He scared the hell out of me.
I went to a housewarming party, but soon things got a little too warm...
A Terrible Accident Has Occurred At Our School, Except I Don’t Think It Was An Accident Part 5
They Lurk in the Night
I’m a...different...kind of police officer. I got my partner into this mess, now I’m going to get him out. Part 10
After my Aunt Died my Uncle Started to Work on Morgue, Now I Know Why
free legal advice
I found the original cut of Godzilla vs Biollante. I know why it was scrapped now.
The New Girl
There Is A Very Large Spider In My Apartment
Dear Diary, this is Carly from the Bunker
Dear Diary, This is Carly from the Bunker
I’m a lawyer and my client is accused of criminal charges in a High Profile Case. I’m trying to get them convicted. Part Three.
The Forever Killer
Really!
Nobody noticed him die- But I did... And I walked away
Romanov’s Revenge
Why I refuse to go back to the village where I grew up (Part 1)
Why I refuse to go back to the village where I grew up (part I)
I work for NOAA. Mermaids are real.
A Door
Fisher House
There's a reason you don't remember the Oregon Wildfires Part III Conclusion
A nice guy
We bought a new house and something's not right
Deja vu is not what it seems
The next time you have deja vu keep this in mind
January 2020 Voting Thread
For all hurban explorers:
For all hurban explorers: what's the "we are not alone" moment that you experienced that scared the shit out of you?I'm an air marshal for a plane that ferries the dead. They all have stories to tell.
SERIES - Magic is real, and I don't like it - PART 1
Let Me In
So what if I killed my parents ?
Test Subject 001
I got a job as night security on a night train. This job has changed me forever (FINAL)
SLEEP
Sleep
The school’s downfall
Feathers in the Attic
A bottle ended up outside my door
Crazy old lady in the woods
Creepy old lady in the woods
Are all these posts actually real?
Bury A Friend
The day I saw an UFO
Red door, Yellow door [true story]
Bury A Friend (Part 1 of 2)
Anyone heard of/played dark web game ZX7?
Demonic Birds in the Sky (Part 2)
Demonic Birds in the Sky (Part 2)
Every little noise keeps me awake HELPME
A horrifying creature is on my street. Part 2 (Finale)
The unbelievable offer as a night guard for a warehouse.
My father left me a box of VHS tapes. Things are much worse than I thought. (Part 2)
A horrifying creature is on my street. Part 2
The memroirs of Heinrich Graf p.2
The Hound Walks in Dreams
Killing Mommy’s Boyfriend
A horrifying creature is on my street. Part 1
I Summoned the Devil
Hdhejeheb
Demonic Birds in the Sky (Part 2)
I tried a foreign brand of milk, and it started showing up....everywhere.
Creepy old video I found on youtube
How I Learned To Be Happy
So I have had a headache for weeks (Part 8)
The Camping Trip
How to Fight Loneliness
Am I Hallucinating?
Don't visit the Pokémon Go Gym at Ed's Endless 90's Roller Rink
Survival [Pt. 2]
Last night I slept with my window open
I see them at night
I met slenderman (real)
MT Tools
Demonic Birds in the Sky (Part 2)
I Always Thought Reddit Was A Safe Place, Until I Discovered the Reddit Redrooms
Moving Shapes [Part 2]
One of the scariest high school party experiences ever
My town has a horrible secret, and it all begins with a test (Part 3)
O.O can’t sleep anymore please help.
(My first attempt)
The Nightmare
I tried a foreign brand of milk, and it started showing up....everywhere.
My dream is making me go insanea
Can someone help me locate a story?
The Nightmare
Words of power, a quick overview
my run in with the drekavac
My run-in with the "Drekavac"
My dream my dream is making me go insane
The Wild Boar, and the Lovely Fox
Demonic Birds in the Sky (Part 2)
The Nightmare
The nightmare
The nightmare.NSFW
Something is trying to come into our universe and I’m afraid it’s almost here.
How to Survive Camping: I saved someone. Sort of.
Help! My family and friends think I'm going crazy
The neighbor
THE HOLY BIBLE 2.
I Always Thought Reddit Was A Safe Place, Until I Discovered the Reddit Redrooms
My husband's best friend Seth.
The Place: Ana and Kyle's Stories
Smile Summer Camp
The thing that isn't there.
Something crashed in the Seattle missle testing site, but i dont think its a missle. Part 1.
I Left Earth to be There for Faye and Rosy Posy - Part 2/4
The creature of the night
You already know why I'm here. Now help me escape.
I tried to trick the reaper. Now an abomination that used to be my best friend wants me dead.
I Was Locked in my Bathroom For Four Weeks
Randomize Your Fun
I Work Nights at a Haunted Hospital
I know what I am.
Cursed by a witch in my sleep
Relaxing Sleep Music: Deep Sleeping Music, Relaxing Music, Stress Relief
Something is trying to come through our universe.
Toys in the display case
Stereotypes
I decided to uncover my sister's secert. I wish I hadn't ...( PART 1)
I have no memories of my birthdays, except for the last. I wish I didn’t.
My name is Mary-Alice and I am part of the elite [Final]
Big scare
My ex and I finally got back together, and I still love him as much as I always have - even though he's changed a little.
Seven Years Ago I Made a Bargain with a Demon; I Just Killed a King of Hell with Stilettos
The Satanic Pizza Journals: My terrible choices
I saw something that almost killed me (part 3 finale)
I saw something that almost killed me (part 2)I'm going to get killed by a cult pt 2
Flick the Switch; Numb and Wake Up.
My intention with Moroccan legend Aicha Kandisseh {Part 2}
The Water Mine
Toys in the display case
My intention with Moroccan legend Aicha Kandisseh {Part 1}
I didn't believe in haunted houses... untill i moved to one.
I saw something that almost killed me (part 3 finale)
I didn't believe in haunted house...until i moved to one
I'm gping to get killed by a cult pt2
The salted meat was the first to run out.
My Diabolical Self • Part 11: Lermont
I'm stuck on a deserted island, but i'm not alone...
My brother is a hoarder and I’m cleaning his house - PART 1
I saw something outside that almost killed me (part 2)
Cassius found out the truth
I know where all these rules come from
Why I fear clowns
Between The Pages
The Beast Of Jaeger Street
I'm being hunted by... something...
I'm a private detective and I've been sent to investigate the mysterious disappearances of children in a nearby town [Part 4]
The Monster Of Jaeger Streer
Test
I saw something outside my window that almost killed me (part 1)
I saw something outside one night that almost killed me. (part 1)
Dont follow the cries
I went into an alleyway now there is no end.
I whished...
My wife and I bought a ranch in the mountains last year, and my neighbor had some interesting suggestions on how to manage our new land
I wished...
Let Me In
I’m a lawyer and my client is accused of criminal charges in a High Profile Case. I’m trying to make sure they get convicted. Part Two.
Let Me In
My house is haunted, no one belives me.
Every year for the last 3 centuries our town has been sacrificing its women to protect the world. [Part 4]
I grew up in a remote part of the woods (part 2)
The Swing
Something is wrong with Bailey...
I hate working as a firefighter and I think I'm planning on quitting
A strange cloud appeared over my town, and now everyone is acting weird
I’m a...different...kind of police officer. I got my partner involved in something he doesn’t quite understand. Part 9
I just won the lottery, and it ruined my life
Pirates of the Ocean of Dreams
A new job at an army base goes terribly wrong
The Royal Secrets: Part 1
I spoke Latin in my sleep and I don’t speak Latin
Bodies everywhere
I used to be a park ranger. I regret working there.
[Update 2] There's a girl in my backup camera
Soon, I Will No Longer Exist
Awakening (part 2)
My Imaginary Neighbor
Awakening part 2
My son vomits when he looks at me.
Recurring dream
If you see a light in the woods, don't follow it.
After the credits roll
I’m part of the monster extinction agency
I'm an Illusionist by Trade, The Lord of Wrath has come to drown the World in blood
Im part of the monster extinction agency
After the credits roll
I traveled back to the Victorian Era, but the world I saw was nothing like in the history books - Part 4
The Fractal Cathedral (1)
I Start a New Job at a Radio Station Tonight. I Just Got a Letter and Inside is a List of Rules…
I'm a contract killer.
I’m Farmer Ray, and today I had to figure out where the Ectoplasm in my bedroom came from
I just stole the last of my clan's food.
The forest
The Dead, Africa – Part 1
A horrifying creature is on my street. Part 1
I'm a new priest recently assigned to my first parish, and things are getting strange here.
A horrifying creature comes onto my street. Part 1
Don't go into the woods at night or it'll keep coming.
I came to investigate my friends house to see if she is there. She has not been seen for 2 weeks. {Part 2}
The real meaning of life
Innocent blood
I just realized something horrible.
I wrote fake stories for the government. [1]
im big sabd
The writing on the mirrors
Demonic Birds in the Sky
Trigger
It's a conspiracy!!! JK
It's a conspiracy!!! JK
Crystal Grove is cursed
My Dead Father Saved My Life
I had a nightmare.
I got a soul in a jar for my birthday part 1
the cloth pull man can heal many things
I'm trying to find someone named Ryan Sweeney
Don't let them tell you she's not real...
The Last Time I Ever Went Surfing
I used to work at a Suicide Prevention Hotline. My last caller still haunts me.
There are old fallout tunnels that run underneath my town (part 3)
The death of Humanity. 2000 was the start of the end.
Freeing Monsters
Voices in the Snow
I Work in a Haunted Hospital: The Burned Woman (Part 1)
It started with the skyI see them at night
Pink Eyes
The Monster Had Her!
what goes bump in the night
The House with 100 Doors (Part 5): The Faces in the Trees
This Nice Cottage
I've been looking East for 27 days straight.
An unholy beast (Part one)
Mean
Home alone? Apparently not.
I'm a Paranormal Investigator and Here's What I've Seen: The Saloon (part 1)
Among
| An unholy beast|. Pt 1
So I have had a headache for weeks (Part 7)
I work at a zoo, last night an animal broke into one of the enclosures.
Pacify
I saw heaven and hell, they are nothing like what is described in the scriptures (1)
My town has a horrible secret, and it all begins with a test (Part 2)
Strange things have happened near my family cabin.
The Last Time I Ever Went Surfing
The Beauty in the Grey Scale
Survival [Pt. 2]
They'll Store Your Soul for Free
Don’t Look For Your Gut Feeling
They'll Store Your Sole for Free
False imprisonment, assault, no charges and missing prom in that same weekend.
The first love is always the hardest to let go of. [Part One]
02-16-2020 Finding &amp; Fulfilling Your Purpose By Developing The Habits Of...
My First Shift Officer Lied To Me
The Sinister Cat
Tales From A Lonely Motel 5
The beast in the frost (Part 1)
I’m part of the monster extinction agency
I Debunk Unsettling Online Videos For a living
**Important Announcement, Please Read**
I Left Earth to be There for Faye and Rosy Posy
The Nuclear warhead tests on Bikini Atoll weren't tests...
It Pulls You Down. Part Three.
The Social bee
I Used to be an Atheist
Survival [Pt. 1]
Something followed me home.
End of the World.
My Mom's Generation Doesn't Have to Understand My Divorce
My town has a horrible secret, and it all begins with a test (Part 2)
A parents love truly is unconditional, I would know.
The Midnight Game - Part Five
Awesiaki: Chapter Eleven
I work at a zoo, last night an animal broke into one of the enclosures.
Happiness is a warm bullet
The creepy chronicles of the Rez no.1
The Nadezdha Incident
My bishop across the street is a little strange.
I've created this story into animation ....
The Cage.
Hello I’m here to kill all humans
Where Am I
I used to hear scratching on my closest door as a child
Dont Follow kids cries from down the street
Don´t listen to kids cries downstreet
I woke up in the middle of the woods next to a dead body. Part 1
Don´t follow kids cries from down the street
How to end a life.
Written by my friend u/Fotis_hand (if you want a part 2 say so)
My name is Mary-Alice and I am part of the elite [Part 3]
Don't follow the cat
She Ain't Heavy, She's My Sister
Carpe Diem
The Water Mine
Tales From A Lonely Motel 5
Every day at 1 AM, we have to completely lock our houses. (Part 1)
Barbie and Ken, a story of devotion ch4
I am having a slight allergic reaction
Something happened in 2000 and 2012
The memoirs of Heinrich Graf p.2
Hairpin romance part 1
The Blue Room: The Creeping Dark
Hairpin Part-1
EMERGENCY ALERT
The scariest thing I've ever heard.
Cum
Have you ever asked yourself why trees are sometimes surrounded by fences? Have you ever wondered if that might… anger them?
The woods (Part:1)
My friend asked me to test out a new video game and now I'm in danger
I went on a road trip with creatures that claimed to be my cousins.
Why I stopped going to bars, especially on the new moon nights
It's been pitch black for 2 days [Pt1]
t's been completely dark for 48 hours now, I need to keep a diary [In the Dark, pt. 0]
A recipe for happiness
The Parasite Man of the Amazon [Part 1]
Bizarro
I’m a lawyer and my client is accused of criminal charges in a High Profile Case. I’m trying to make sure they get convicted.
It's been completely dark for 48 hours now, I need to keep a diary [In the Dark, pt. 0]
My Valentine's Day Was Worse Than Yours
always say tabi tabi po - 2$ amulets that make you bulletproof
I’ve found a way to make $200k a year from dead bodies.
I joined a group that made useless degrees useful for a while
I gOT a JoB aS SeCuRiTy. hErEs a LiSt Of rUlEs I fOuNd
My sister saw a dead woman
The kid on Lokus St (part 1)Out of the Pines [Part 2]
Global Neighborhood Watch
I FINALLY got on Disneyland’s “Rise of the Resistance” ride, but what I saw there will make me never go back
Cult Of V'itlu
Out of the Pines [Part 2]
(Part-1) Hairpin
I live in a small town. Everyone is way too friendly.
Disturbing encounter at the San Fransisco zoo
Does anyone remember this?
A ghostly figure roaming around my house at around 1 - 2 am.
Every year for the last 3 centuries our town has been sacrificing its women to protect the world. [Part 3]
I need karma
Does anyone remember this?
There's a reason you don't remember the Oregon Wildfires Part II
There's a reason you don't remember the Oregon Wildfires (Part II)
Deadly Class Fight
Memoirs of a guardian angel: update
The Call of the Sirens. Insight in to sailing life. Part 1
LOOK INTO ITS MOUTHS AND SEE ITS HANDS
Something attacked us when we went hiking in the woods and I'm probably going to go missing for knowing about it.
If the sky goes dark in the middle of the day, hide!
Its True When They Say Left Handed People Are In Line With The Devil [part 2]
The Monster that Held Me Hostage Threatened Me to Title this "Personality"
Its True When They Say Left Handed People Are In Line With The Devil [part 2]
Its True When They Say Left Handed People Are In Line With The Devil [part 2]
I am a firefighter. I see future tragedy’s in the flames.
The voices in my head tell me to kill myself.
Its True When They Say Left Handed People Are In Line With The Devil [part 2]
I got a job as night security on a train. I'm gonna die on this train (Part 3)
The T.V
The mystery of our old house solved...
I came to investigate my friends house to see if she is there. She has not been seen for 2 weeks.
HOW TO MAKE MONEY BOOK
My Girlfriend Loves Me
The day my watch began to scream
Grandma screams in her Sleep
The Stoneclaws [Part 1]
The Call of the Sirens - A documentation of my life at sea. First Entry
He left me, and now I think he regrets it
He left me, now he regrets his choice.
The Stick Man
Something strange has been happening near my town recently.
My Diabolical Self | Part 10: Nuuk
Boy By The Sea
Finding the Lantern Man
October 22nd, 2020.
Finding the Lantern Man Story
There's Someone in My Closet
Someone Is In My Closet
Someone is in My Closet
There's Someone in My Closet
The Memoirs of Heinrich Graf p.1
There's Someone Here
Tempest
I'm An Adrenaline Junkie
I have a weird copy of Doom 2016
Delhi's "Lady in white".
A Day In My Shoes
Found a really weird email, need help finding out more..
Stumbled upon snuff vid on porn site and came hard.
The wish giver
———
My Childhood Friend
I've found myself stuck in a living foosball machine. Please help.
this girl changed my life.
Something grabbed my sister out of the shelter.......
The Monster Had Her
A Day In My Shoes
The Witching Park (Part 2)
L
I Found VHS tapes from Hell
The Witching Park (Part 2)
Kelly..? [Part 2]
I’ve been having a horrifying nightmare
I worked with a serial killer
There's someing in the woods across the lake
My town has a horrible secret, and it all begins with a test (Part 1)
I have no rules to follow at my night security job because i have to write them...(Part 2)
I Stole a Laptop, and Now my Life is in Danger [PT2]
The Seance Tradition
I Stole a Laptop, and Now my Life is in Danger [PT2]
The Many Joys of Space Travel
My Family And I Witnessed Something Terrible When Our Car Broke Down.
listen to this
I know we supposed to be fighting our demons but I keep fucking mine
There’s a shard breach in the security and research divisions
If you're alone, don't answer the phone
Help us figure out what happened and what this is.
Help us figure out what happened
Help figuring out what happened
Connie
The Lost Lines (Part Two)
Stay in your reality
Cozy ambience for slee: Light forest rain in spring with birdsong
Baby Steps
The statue in my garden keeps being moved. I'm going to find out why this is happening.
I Hate Libraries. (Part 1)
The statue in my garden keeps being moved.i'm going to figure out what's happening and why.
There a camp in my town and something not right with it. [Part 1 ] (intro)
My dad’s first wife was imprisoned for Munchausen Syndrome by ProxyThe Girl That Came Into Our Classroom
The Girl Who Came Into Our Classroom
Bunk buddys
SuperMarket Memoirs 21: Special Bulletin
My Boyfriend Worked for the Government, Now He's Disappeared
The dark web friend (Part 1)
The scarecrows cry at 4:35
Post No.4735705 on 4chan's /k/ board
Post No.26762178 on 4chan's /k/ board
The cult
I’m a...different...kind of police officer. I got my partner involved in something he doesn’t quite understand. Part 8
Looking for help : chapter 1
I’m a...different...kind of police officer. I got my partner involved in something he doesn’t quite understand. Part 8
She Sat by my Bed
Why the Angelus sounded at 1pm
What happened on Schlitigheim Campus
Looking for the subreddit with a list of games/rituals like “Charlie Charlie” or “Three Kong’s”
My neighbor is up to something really weird
Delhi's "Lady in white".
Does anyone know if this is real or fake?
Why I stopped going to bars, especially on the new moon nights
My next door neighbor is serial killer?
I Think I'm A Reverse Oracle
I Think I'm A Reverse Oracle
I Think I'm A Reverse Oracle
My name is Mary-Alice and I am part of the elite [Part 2]
I spotted a very bright dot on the night sky which is much brighter than the stars.
I don't take long car rides on country roads anymore
Mr guy, don’t even sleep. Number 2
Mr guy, don’t even sleep. Don’t talk number 2.
My boyfriend
I'm a private detective and I've been sent to investigate the mysterious disappearances of children in a nearby town [Part 3]
New town, New faces
Sweet old woman
The white demon
My nightmares shape reality
Real Art Always Has a Price
I Hooked Up With A Witch On Tinder And I Don't Know What She Did To Me
Should I go to the police with this?
I’m a Retired Priest. Over the years I’ve heard hundreds of confessions. This is the one that changed everything.
I'm a Journalist and I've just uncovered something dark and horrific!
Help me: I don’t know what to do
Does Ouija board actually work?
I clicked the 16th link and I regret it every day... PART 2
The screams in my head wont stop!!! They'll never ever stop until I do what they want...
Goodbye appleberry! - Part 1
The woman who never took off her wedding dress is my wife
RATKING
Out of the Pines [Part 1]
The Glow Of Her Dress (Woman In Wedding Dress Fan Story)
Stay in your god damn reality.
I have no rules at my night security job because i have to write them down...
What did I just walk into?
Why I stopped going to bars, especially when it is a new moon night
My Phone Tried To Kill Me
I have no rules at my night security job because i have to write them down...
There's Something in My Apartment
Stalked.
There was a breach today in the research and security
Does Ouija board actually work?
Does ouija board actually work?
I received a call this morning from my son. He has been dead for 9 years.
merak
Does ouija board actually work?
I have no rules in my night security job because i have to discover them myself... (Part 2)
A prestigious school’s downfall
I saw a ghost, kidnapper, murderer at my apartment.
Me and my fellow soldiers were attacked by something in the forest
Me and my fellow soldiers were attack by something in the forest
There is something stalking me and my fellow soldiers in the forest
The Pharmacy - Part 1
A Forest of Childhood Memories
I had a Heart Attack and I Don’t Think I’m in a Hospital
No more food...
Cupid's Stupid-- A Divorce Lawyer's Nightmare
RUST CHEAP SCRIPTS [WORKING] [NOBAN]
Stories From A Fire Watcher
I can’t talk about my job and I know I’m alone
The Lost Lines (Part One)
Fear
My best friend went missing for months, and I think I know where he is... (Part 1)
My Mom Received A Creepy Text Earlier
**SECURITY ALERT** (part 3)
I got a job as night security on a train. This train is from hell (Part 2)
THE PHONE
My Mom Got A Creepy Text Earlier
It has been 305 days since the outbreak, and I'm all alone.
Introverts in my hometown are insidiously leading us all to doom
305 days have passed since the outbreak, and I'm all alone.
305 days have passed since the outbreak, and I'm all alone.
Observe
There's a reason you don't remember the Oregon Wildfires
Tempest
A Symphony of Cell Phones. “Trigger warning”
Dont Tip People Over The Edge...
The End of the World was only the beginning...
Rex
My crush
Narrating Stories
I took a gun to school today. (Part Two)The Emojis (short story)
How to make a rue
The things in the woods
Something was torturing my dog
A Journey into the Unreal
Noises in the dark
I had to write a story including fear for an English assignment, this is what i wrote
I went to a sales meeting and accidentally ended up at a funeral
The Place loves you. So much.
The Bed Man (part 1)
The Nowhere Company [Part 6]
I stood alone at the end of the world
The campus’s downfall
The lights had a mind of their own
I was destined to a life of misery, but an envelope saved my life.
Jab-76842-8
The Lab
I work on the governments early warning system. Everybody needs to get inside, right now.
The day my watch began to scream
I was nervous about meeting my boyfriend's father. Now I am terrified.
That is Wrong (Part 1)
Trying to find thread
I used to love going to sleep. Now I never want to again.
I have no rules at my night security job because i have to discover them...
the ticking under my bed
I have no rules in my security night job because i have to discover them... (Part 2)
The cult
I watched my whole family being slaughtered and there was nothing I could do
I watched my family being slaughtered and there was noting I could do
Hiccup Relievers
A Glimpse of the Unreal
I've found formerly unknown Soviet research papers, and I don't know what to do.
The Midnight Game - Part Four
Sunday Dinner
I see shadow figures.
The Runner
Kelly..? [ Part 1 ]
The screams in my head wont stop!!! They'll never stop until I do what they want...
Kelly..? (Part 1)
Just a Night of Fun
Manibus Pertusum
I knew a woman who never took off her wedding dress
WTF was that
I Worked At A Call Center Until A Strange Call Came In
The Final Surf
I think I might have caused my friend to be kidnapped.
She won’t leave me alone
I am the sole resident of a tall house, deep in the woods. You cannot find me; these things will never let you.
She won’t leave me alone
Lenora's Garden
I used to be a 911 operator.
My new girlfriend
im a werewolf {part 2}
im a werewolf {part 1}
Slime
Question
Fry him an egg every morning - Part 1
I saw her again
Slime
I woke up cause i heard scratching downstairs and i regret checking...
They keep saying I’m just paranoid
i am ,,, alien
It's always there
Amber Alert
i am,, alien
My brother died last week, today I found a note that he wrote.
My brother has been acting weirdly ever since he got a new video game
I am an evil werewolf and my story is heartbreaking
She Wouldn't Hurt A Fly
A Home Alone Story
The incident which caused the downfall of a prestigious campus
The Moon Was Never Meant For Us... Part 1
The Moon Was Never Meant For Us... Part 1
Window tapping
The Moon Was Never Meant For Us...
My brother died last week, today I found a note that he wrote.
No One Told Me Ghosts Can Fall In Love - P.1
Chores
Twisting Into Another Realm
The man with too many hands
Introverts in my town are frickin insidious. They are going to soon lead us all to doom
Introverts in my town are frickin insidious. They are going to soon lead us all to doom
Dear Annie
Mother.
I’m stuck
Every year for the last 3 centuries our town has been sacrificing its women to protect the world. [Part 2]
Introverts in my town are frickin insidious. They are going to soon lead us all to doom
when the fish watch
There’s no more food...
I hitched a lift from the wrong guy, but I was too hungry to care
My Sweet Valentine
I've Been Possessed by a Demon
I clicked the 16th link and I regret it every day...
Twisting to a New Realm
My name is Mary-Alice and I am part of the elite
My Dream.
Is it hailing? Hide.
Weird light (pt.1)
The House With The Missing Brick
I'm a private detective and I've been sent to investigate the mysterious disappearances of children in a nearby town [Part 2]I’m stuck in the forest and I might die here
Till Brooklyn
I have no rules to follow in my night security job and i’m afraid of knowing why...
my horror story with kraken
1986. Come back to us. [Part 1]
My weird dreams
100% Mortality Rate
1985. Come back to us. [Part 1]
Red Door, Yellow Door
Really need to see if its just all a lie
Creepy childhood school
The Open House
Under the Floorboards
The Void Expedition, Days 5-10
My experience with the rituals on Saya In Underworld
A man in a frame
Everytime I Die, I wake up in a Different Reality
The night guard
Something else took the wheels
Cerebral vein burst incident that changed my whole personality
Mama
I went into the mirror and there are monsters in my house now pt2
My brother killed himself a week ago, today I found his suicide note.
Forehead Kisses
My brother died last week, today I found his suicide note. (Part 1)
Our school's downfall
I think I met my grandfather........ After he died
Something is lurking behind the walls in my mother's house.
Something is Lurking Inside the Walls of my Mother's Bedroom.
Something is Living in the Walls of My Mother's Bedroom.
I Have Discovered Something Horrific Behind My Mother's Walls.
I Discovered Something Horrible in the Walls of My Mother's House.
3:32 A M
Overwhelming Objects
innocent but eerie ouija experience but something REALLY weird happened right after
Paranormal and conspiracy Electric Valentine
Hole in the wall (this is my first story please tell me what you think)ps I know it's bad
911, the scariest phone call.
Smoke Break
The Last Time I Ever Went Surfing
a few thoughts, concerning the state of things and everything in them
a few thoughts, concerning our current state and everything in it (fallaxpoeta)
My brother killed himself a week ago, today I found his notebook. Part 2
werewolf's
The Clock Calls My Name
Me.....in real life
A little too fluent (Part 1)
I need to believe, please help
A little too fluent
The disturbing truth behind the deaths in the campus
Why I Quit NoSleep
It follows me wherever I go
Just click
We've been stuck in a suburban neighborhood for days
Campus Cultists
Found a weird note in the crawl space of my house
I found out why my family kept me from going in the woods
I'm fed up with humans.
The Legend of Ol' Mother Cleaver
I was an Uber Driver for the Dead
I hate People.
A song might result in my death
I Stole a Laptop, And Now my Life is in Danger.
One large pie and a Coke please. [FINAL]
One large pie and a Coke please. (PART 4 - FINAL)
The incident at the catacomb
The Cult
A Terrible Accident Has Occurred At Our School, Except I Don’t Think It Was An Accident.
I just had a sit-down with Death herself
The moment in my life that made me question my gender..
The Nowhere Company [Part 6]
I missed a day of school. Everything was wrong when I returned.
Pest Control - Ground Floor (Part 1)
Cultists of the campus
Pest Control - Ground Floor (Part I)
I went into the mirror and there are monsters in my house now pt2
My brother killed him self a week ago, today I found his notebook. Part 1
My boyfriend the sorcerer
The Cult
Diary of a Wimpy Kid
Fictional Story My epic adventure with kraken
The Curse of Dark Mountain (Part 2)
A prestigious school's Downfall
The Secret Behind Our School's Cult.
The Great Maxamillian
I thought she was The One,she was something else.
Horror story comp!
The Lights (part two)
I grew up in a remote area in the woods
The Moon Was Never Meant For Us... Part 1
The smell of the ocean
The Moon Was Never Meant For Us... Part 1
My wife and I bought a ranch, and my new neighbor gave me some strange advice on how to manage the land
Moster
I’m a forensic psychiatrist and I can’t forget Patient File #1917 – the woman who allegedly lived in “the land of forgotten selves”
Curiosity didn't just kill the cat... it changes it
My wife and I bought a ranch, and my neighbor gave me a few recommendations on how to manage the land
The Perfect Wife
A Fistful of Ashes
My friend with a cult memeberCan you die in RDYD?
My students were sent to an emergency assembly today and have come back acting very strange.
We open weird portals to the Underworld and pull the Damned out for cash [part 2]
My brother disappeared and I think that I might be next
I grew up in the woods in a remote area
Something's Up With My Mom's New Girlfriend
Something's Up With My Mom's New Girlfriend
What Lurks On The Back Roads Of Minnesota
Captain of the Coast shipping, signing out.
My brother disappeared and I think I'll be next.
My Father, a Travelling Preacher Man, Forced Me to Bear Witness to Things I wish to God I could forget.
An unconventional childhood in the old ranch house. pt 1
The girl in the backyard
My friends think I went on vacation with them, but I don’t remember going.
Spirit / ghost movies
Birth of the Demon from Mrs. Honeysickle's Home for the Unfortunate (Part 2)
The Midnight Game - Part Three
I’m a...different...kind of police officer. I got my partner involved in something he doesn’t quite understand. Part 7
We’ve wasted time by watching the skies for intelligent life. It’s the ocean we really needed to watch.
Looking for some advice on my boyfriend. Can anyone help?
My friend invited me to his hometown and now my friend says to not go outside
I tested out a video game for a friend, and now I'm in danger
I hear voices in my sleep
I will never forget the screams
I bought an ocarina from the Dark Web. It changed my life forever.
The old crooked lady
Looking for some advice about my boyfriend. Can anyone help?
runthegauntlet.org
This is a poem for Valentine’s Day
I work at a secret observatory. I learned the strange truth of our extinction.
Red Roses 🌹
TIFU by Worshipping Santa Claus
It didn’t exist
Her heart stopped she didnt
Mantis
I was about to leave the store, when the bombs dropped
There's a Seam in Everything
Jeremy kept telling me that he was going to meet his family in the kids pool area
Im scared of sleeping because of the sleep paralysis
Violent Sentient Paint Has Ruined My Valentine's Day
I think I saw a ghost car accident a few years ago
Flying rocks
broken highway.
[Update] There's a girl in my backup camera
Pi Network Cryptocurrency
**SECURITY ALERT** (part 2)
I Took A Job On A Fishing Boat, We Caught A Mermaid
We keep following. [PART 1]
Forever Valentine
A Valentine’s Day Letter
Be Mine
How do I get out of this hole?
I saw a ghost accident?
Some ghost storied I experienced in the Philippines
I'm an Illusionist by Trade, I have never seen a real Angel, until today
This isn't a joke, I think I met the devil.
I know this may seem fake, but I think I met the devil.
My Childhood Experience In A Haunted House.
I got a job as night security on a train. The train rules are deeply disturbing (Part 1)
I got a job as night security on a train. The train rules are deeply disturbing
I'm honestly just your average guy.
Never Cross This Bridge
I wish I was allowed to sleep, but understand why I can't
The Other
Cedar Hollow [Part1]
Silent Murders
wel see
In the Name of Love (Part Two)
In the Name of Love (Part One)
My dreams haunt me
Hi Friends, Could you help me? My guy isn't the same as before and it would help me some tips to win his heart back...
I’m a filmmaker, but I don’t hire actors...
I went into the mirror and there are monsters in my house now pt1
I made a wish for someone to love me...
When God Blinks
Went to go smoke inawoods. Saw some shit.
When God Blinks
February 15th will be two years since my cat died and the night that followed will haunt me forever.
Thirteen Tangerines
she wrote a book
Thirteen tangerines
A Terrible Accident Has Occurred At Our School, Except I Don’t Think It Was An Accident.
I think I'm connected to something divine, and I don't know why
Thirteen tangerines
Pippino
Mort
A Terrible Accident
I can't stop summoning nightmares
I took a gun to school today. (Part One)
The Fetal Position
Barb McDalien, Head of Accounting
My local theater recently screened a film called "Mr. Blank." (Part 7)
"I have to take you with me"
I should have taken the stairs.
1996 and 1999 two kids.
Weird happenings in NM
The Pianist
I’m stuck living the deaths of other people
Things Like This Don't Happen Here [Final]
Has Anyone On Here Ever Eaten Boiled Peanuts? "The Rules of the Road" Recommends You Do.Things Like This Don't Happen Here [Part 2]
Egress : Welcome to the Labyrinth [part 1]
Moving Shapes [Part 1]
Stuck In a Dream
Never enter a stronghold after 1:00 am
I always wondered what happened to mrs Maxine, until I went into her old house
The Void Expedition, Days 1-4
Learn the rules before you play
The Journal of Arrow (The Void Expedition, Days 1 - 4)
The Story of The Elbow Lady
Don't Look at the House if it's Looking Back
My cat is not normal. Or alive.
I killed the woman from the Elevator Game. Now I'm in another world that wants me dead.
I went back to my grandpas woods, and I don't know where I am now.
A series of bizarre suicides leads to speculation about a potential cult presence at a local boys' penitentiary.
I'm a private detective and I've been sent to investigate the mysterious disappearances of children in a nearby town
Hide And go Seek...
The Elbow Lady
What is happening v2
I have psychic abilities and I think I saw a man murder multiple young women
The doctor
Everytime I Die, I wake up in a Different Reality
The Diluvian Tragedy
Hang Man's Trail
I used to hear voices
This creepy man is staring out my window and I don't know what to do he stares every day at 5 p.m. till I fall asleep and then he disappears whenever I wake up again
I can't remember places
I’m sick but I think it might be something more, JOURNAL #1 repost
What is happening v2
Kidnapped by a strange organisation (1)
I have been kidnapped by a strange organisation (1)
It Watches Me Sleep
I’m sick but I don’t think it’s normal, can someone please offer any help? (Journal #1)
What is happening v2
I went into the mirror and now there are monsters in my house pt1
I Stole a Laptop.
Maybe someone here knows what happening
The Girl That Came Into Our Classroom
A Spirit Watching My Mom
Something attached itself to me whilst I was walking home from work
Why you should go vegetarian
I Always Thought the Creature My Grandpa Called the Fire-Shy Was a Myth [Part Two]
The Old Highway Through Windermoore
Interview transcript about what happened while driving a dead man back from Vilnius
In the bathroom
The Lights (part one)
We need help.
I got a free laptop from a company called MindGroo. It changed me. [Final]
Close Your Eyes
I write News Stories
15:03 to Brussels [Part 2]
15:03 to Brussels [Part 2]
Close your eyes
15:03 to Brussels [PART II]
The Smiling demon Lives In The Woods
Graduation Day
she wrote a book
I hate my first floor apartment
I need Help
Top broadcast right now
My friend and I tried to rob a warehouse in the woods. Biggest mistake I've ever made pt.2
We are doomed
Sleep Paralysis
The trees are whispering my family's names
I'll Be Quitting My Job Soon
My Sister’s Imaginary Friend Is Not Like It Seems
I Grew Up In A Haunted House, Here's One Of My Encounters.
Without Warning
I just wanted to go on a vacation.
I Don't Think What I Saw in the Distance Was an Animal at All, Nor a Human
My dad invited me to stay with him for a week | PART 2
Can i please get an answer.
I think a ghost led my son to her body part 2
I Opened An Ancient Box, Now Weird S#it Is Happening
Stories
The Mermaid in my Backyard
Did you hear about Drekavac.
Impending Evil [Part 1]
Every year for the last 3 centuries our town has been sacrificing its women to protect the world.
I shouldn't have went looking for the secrets of the universe... I refuse to ever dream again.
Help I think my cousin is a ghost magnet
The road to nowhere
There's a girl in my backup camera
The green light that is haunting
A Link To The Spooky Stories
Disney’s animatronics May not be who you think
Help me please
Something strange is in the woods and its followed me home
Aberrant Sustenance
My cat seems to be protecting me from something
R.I.P...and?
Gaze
The King in Yellow Arrives
I'm alone but I hear whispers.
can anybody find this episode of tom and jerry
34 Degrees Celsius
I hear whispers when I'm home alone
My family left for dinner but I hear whispers in the other room.
About Daniel Final
Forehead KissesI work for the fbi
My mothers best friend
I messed up by experimenting... I now smoke cannabis to prevent myself from dreaming. Whenever I dream bad things happen.
A Writing Exercise
LSD Red Door/Yellow Door
34 Degrees Celsius
My Sister was an ISIS Bride (Part 4)
The places
skip this post
the dog man dream
what would you do for love? (real story)
Undertaleexe
A Visitor Came To Our Neighborhood Every Night
I think a ghost led my son to her body part 2
It lurked in the basement
Death Bond
That wasn't Dylan.
I think I opened up a portal by trying DMT
Am I Hallucinating?
Candy Red Eyes
I am afraid that I might be under a Laplace's demon effect
I am afraid I might be under a Laplace's demon effect
An Amateur Exorcist
Indiana House Bill 1372 for the year 2020
Things Like This Don't Happen Here [Part 1]
A drama kween story - The beginnings !
The Man in the Well (part one of two)
Things Like This Don't Happen Here (I)
I wish I didn't have to dream
The sleepover
The sleepover
There's Something About the Old Lady Upstairs...I Don't Think She's Human....
My doctor is possessed Part 1
I had the same nightmare for weeks, i now know what it meant [Pt 1]
I had the same nightmare for two weeks, i now know what it meant [#1]
He Lived in Our Pipes
I had the same nightmare for weeks. I now know what it meant...
This house on my street is on fire again
Nilis &amp; Thana Life &amp; Death (part one)
I has the same nightmare for weeks. I now know what it meant
Beware of The McNameris Show
Nilis &amp; Thana (Life &amp; Death) part one
My girlfriend went missing for 6 years. Whoever came back is NOT her!
Alone in my office
My dad invited me to stay with him for a week | PART 2
The Day We Almost Died
I answered A Personal ad last year.
Don't look it in in the eyes.
The Neon Man Won't Let Me Live (Finale)
There was something in my little sisters nurse
:::::emeraldelerium:::::
Memories- The witch’s saga (Part 3)
The day where my superstitious got disproved. Aliens beneath us?
:::emeraldelerium:::
The strangest day of my life/ UFO sightings/ Aliens already beneath us? Idk || Very long post
AneurysMiserY
I think my girlfriend is possesed by something that lives in my dreams
A Guy Buys A Real Haunted Doll... and it moves and screams!
emeraldelerium
Lucy Sackerville
The worst feeling a human can obtain
The creature in the walls
The old crooked lady
Lucy Sackerville
This Guy Bought a Haunted Doll Online...
I got an implant to help me with my social anxiety. I think it’s trying to control me.
I think my girlfriend is posessed by something that lives my dreams
Always Behind You
It lurked in the basement
Thin Forest
I got a free laptop from a company called MindGroo. I think I just fell right into their trap [4]
Lovecraft did not Write Fiction - Part 1
epayments to reactivate our accounts
A weird dream.
Epayments to reactivate our accounts or to give us our money
An Eye For an Eye
Question
Correcting survival myths, by a monster hunter.
The Cabin
Mary and Carly
yourfaceyourporn.mov
True story the scariest thing a child has ever said to me.
The Babby
I Had to Fill Out a Strange Form at My New Job
Jewelry.
The Tunnel (part 2)
Welcome to the Panic Room (Part 2)
Who's texting me off my wife's Snapchat?
The Midnight Game - Part Two
Why do I keep getting these looks?
My recurring Cymbal Monkey dream
The lost Horror Story I need to finish!!
What was scariest story?
Just some really scary story.
If you get a Snapchat from your dead wife don't open it.
My Nightmares Show Me My Past, and I Think They're Bound to Happen Later On
Nosebleed
My job is to watch people die.
A spirit is chasing me
She Wouldn’t Hurt A FlyHe looked at me
My cat went missing.What came back wasn't my cat
My cat went missing. What came back isn't my cat
I lost my pet a few weeks ago. What came back wasn't my pet.
The day the angel came
Yo why tf did y’all copyright strike my guy MiniLadd?! I think if anything he brought MORE viewers here. He ain’t stealing content he’s giving it a spotlight.
Yo why tf did y’all copyright strike my guy MiniLadd?! I think if anything he brought MORE viewers here. He ain’t stealing content he’s giving it a spotlight.
Yo why tf did y’all copyright strike my guy MiniLadd?! I think if anything he brought MORE viewers here. He ain’t stealing content he’s giving it a spotlight.
Phantom Pain
She was so fast.....
I was Attacked And Almost Killed By My Chair
I was Attacked And Almost Killed By My Chair
I was Attacked And Almost Killed By My Chair
There's Something Stalking My Neighborhood At Night
They are watching
They are watching
Mr. Jones, and Me
I got a job at a secret government facility, today I got my first assignment. (2)
Mr. Jones (and me)
Grandma Reneé
Sleep Anxiety
Xhiskz
The demon who stares and the face of the tree's and the teddy bear
Something crazy happened to me 5 years ago in China, I was haunted by something I picked up from an abandoned shopping mall.
The Cabin and 6
Shsjnsk
The Godawful Noise
“This is your Captain speaking."
Maksiso
Something strange that happened when I went camping as a teenager.
Spirits in the Dark
The Cabin and the number 6
Ghost girl
Excuse my ignorance
I smirked at the idea of a department which can make people commit suicide, now is too late to regret it...
I smirked at the idea of ​​a dependent who can make people commit suicide... Now it's too late to regret it.
Tinder Nightmares
I've been renting a room at Clearview Hotel, this place is weird as hell
They smell like bacon and pancakes.
The Creatures of Janus VII
My dad invited me to stay with him for a week
Why I quit my job as a delivery driver
Theraphosa Hominidae
THINGS IN THE WILDERNESS
He was standing over me, with his pale face...
Every night my wife farts at 10:43, i wish i never found out why.
Every night at 10:43 my wife farts. I wish I never found out why.
Autopilot.
Someone tried to kill me in the forest. He seems to find it funny
Witches. True story
About Daniel Part 4
My father left me a box of VHS tapes when he died. Each one shows a different apocalypse and ours may be next.
What was it
Temper Tantrums
Legend Of My Town Part 1
A month ago I didn't believe in ghosts and tonight I'm bringing in paranormal investigators.
A strange blight
"This is your Captain speaking."
"This is your Captain speaking.
The Shadows of Time - A Harrowing Vision
I traveled back to the Victorian Era, but the world I saw was nothing like in the history books - Part 3
To who every copyrighted Miniladds channel
My experience with DuoLingo
A popular review site removed my review, but I need to share my experience at the nail salon
Do you hear the voice of the ocean?
The Little Green House in Floydsville
The World of White
The Man Part 1
Peter is Broken
Can you hear the voice of the ocean?
Plushie
Don’t open your eyes (Part 1)
The Man Pt 1
I have a secret power
An Abduction Story You'll Never Read
Someone is opening the door
How to Survive Camping: three exciting things
Magic is real, and it’s horrifying
Apollo 17 wasn't the last man mission to the moon
As a bored hacker, I stumbled upon some kind of hidden network of a college to find this.
It's in the field.
You suck no sleep
The Shine: Who can you trust?
Things Like This Don't Happen Here (I)
The Curse of Dark Mountain (Part 1)
**MISSILE INBOUND**
A man saved my life and I threw it away.
It's over for all of us. I'm sorry.
Old factories shouldnt be explored...
Honey Head
I keep people in my basement as a punishment for their sins, but now they’re punishing me
Deicide pt. 1
Creatures at Night
Black Holes Aren't What We Think (Part 4)
Setan Besar
You guys are some vindictive assholes here. Killing a dudes livelihood for sharing stories posted here on a PUBLIC FORUM.
Mental abuse
This is mental abuse
So this story is sad and scary(Mental abuse)
Death of a ChampionI’m a...different...kind of police officer. I got my partner involved in something he doesn’t quite understand. Part 6
A girl I knew when I was young was killed. She didn’t want to be forgotten, though.
There’s blood coming from that van
.daed si lennahc iiM
Crying for the little ones [Part 1]
Thank you for saving me.
It started when i was young
Disturbed patient pt.3
Mini Ladd
Centipede
It’s gone now (1/2)
Whoever made these rules, toss yourself
Whoever made these rules, toss yourself
I’m a...different...kind of police officer. I got my partner involved in something he doesn’t quite understand. Part 6
Whoever created the rules here, toss yourself
I woke up to another alert and this time it wasn't the weather
Tonight.
I got a free laptop from a company called MindGroo. I think it awoke a lust for murder in my town [3]
Bored? Take my survey! (Ages 18-30, Computer required)
Congradulatioms, r/nosleep. You just ruined a man's entire career. Fuck You!!!
Thanks dicks.
Miniladd
Beyond our Nightmares - 2
I found the devil in my yard
Stephanie soo, Riverdale
Beyond our Nightmares
I found the devil in my backyard
The Smiling Shadow: A horror story
Sunday Morning are not that great anymore!
Sunday Morning are not that great anymore!
The night I got no sleep.
I think my body is trying to kill me
The Tunnel (part 2)
I Just Wanted Pizza
Toe Head's Painful Toe
In limbo, you're nothing without your anger. [Part 1]
Worst game of hide and seek I've ever had
A story that is true, but not accurate.
i got no sleep whilst making this
KITTY TW;
I am a senior Chinese military intelligence officer and I know the truth about the coronavirus outbreak. It is far worse than the media are telling you.
The sandman, the devil, and of course me.
I wish you would stop screaming at the children
Please stop screaming at the children.
In the forest, a strange mad laughing shadowy men tried to kill me
Real Life Horror
Dumpster Diving
I recently started working at a hotel. There's something wrong with all the guests
Killing Mommy’s Boyfriend
Charlie..? part ll
Something crazy happened to me 5 years ago in China, I was haunted by something I picked up from an abandoned shopping mall.
Alone
I saw a photo of scp 096, am I gonna die
A note on “trigger warnings”
Do you know why you taste blood on your can of Coke? I do.
I found a deer bone in an abandon lot
Little Hannah
I found a strange book in our church records that's causing me to question my faith
I make $4,000 a month streaming on Twitch, but my channel is growing too controversial for monetization.
An Eye For an Eye
My best friend shoved a weird note under my door one morning. That was how the nightmare began.
I've found something dark and it won't leave me alone
I finally found him [looking for feedback]
My name is Henrietta Wainwright, and I think my sister and I are being stalked
How to Summon A Silver-Tongued Demon.
The agony of knowing
An Angel’s (???) Dream
The Tunnel. (Part 1)
"OFF LIMITS"
Solitide
Humanity
Solitude (NSFW)
Humanity
The Mannequin - a creepypasta I wrote for an Adult video I shot. I am a new writer and greatly appreciate your critique. I want to improve as this is my first story.
There are old fallout tunnels that run underneath my town (part 2)
Do You Remember Golden Springs, Texas?
My Son Was A Ventriloquist With A Split Personality. Now I'm Not Sure WHO He Is.
I found a dog while hiking in the woods, I'm beginning to realise it was much more than a dog.
I’m never staying the night anywhere but my own home after this experience. This post is an old post that had several parts so was just reposted into the full story.
What is happening
I'm Pretty Sure There's Something Wrong With the Night Tour Guide (update 2)
Tell about urban legends of your city, or most scary stories in your city
I was payed 700 dollars to stay the night in a house.. I soon found why.(Moved from old post “Dont fall asleep”)
The Scariest YouTube Countdown
**SECURITY ALERT** (part 2)
Lonely
**SECURITY ALERT** (part 2)
Something Watches me Sleep
Mentally Unstable Journal Entries
Trunk
Camp Oyo
Trunk
I had the greatest battle with Lucifer himself which ended up shattering the alternate reality in Hell (Part 1)
Just One Touch Away
Me And My Colleagues Found A VHS Tape That Has Scarred Me For Life.
A weird creature showed up in my backyard. Now people in my town are dying. (Part 2)
Heavy Snowfall
A weird creature showed up in my backyard. Now people in my town are dying. (Part 2???)
Important Documents are missing, now I might be finding myself dragged back into the Abyss of the Supernatural world again. Part 1
I know why aliens don’t visit earth.Journal from the void
Something is happening to me in my sleep
I Own a Tape That Changes Each Time I Watch It (3) fin
When the lights go out
When the lights go out
I Own a Tape That Changes Each Time I Watch It (3 of 3)
Wide Awake
I Own a Tape That Changes Each Time I Watch It (3 - finale)
Five years ago, I survived a school shooting. Now all the other survivors are dying.
I work at a facility that keeps high tech weapons locked up
I Own a Tape That Changes Each Time I Watch It (3/3)
Who was talking to the dog?
“Hello, Friend”
My dog keeps barking at my shed
THE ACHE HELP ME
A Story of How I Had a Really Bad Time at a Party and Was Maybe the Victim of a Plot to Foil an Innocent Pursuit of Love
It's not real, is it?
ReStarting (Part 2)
The Neon Man Won't Let Me Date
Instructions For Devil's Hide and Seek
Everyone in my town have started acting strange and I’m the only one left [part 1]
Homework
Reality is just a illusion.
I found something terrifying and unexplainable while hunting a couple weeks ago
Home alone
Homework (real story)
Bad Ouija Experience
About Daniel Part 2
Olive Garden
Have you ever thought about dying?
It stood above the bridge
I know what they think about me but they're not completely right
The November centipedes were nasty, but now we have scorpions and the granddaddy longlegs are organizing.
Rimcrest
Watchers in the Woods
The Midnight Game - Part One
I’m a...different...kind of police officer. I have some stories to tell. Part 5
The Yellow Parrot Named Steve
The Crow
I wished I could live another life - that mistake has cost me (Part 2)
**SECURITY ALERT**
If I disappear get this to the police... but not my local police.
There's no fucking way it's a coincidence
Today I went sailing. I just found a set of weird instructions. (PART 2)
Today I went sailing. I just found a book of instructions and they are NOT normal. (Part 2)
So I played a Ouija board twice and these weird things happened
I got a job at a secret government facility, I got my first "assignment" today. (2)
Creaking in the Attic
The Longest Night - Part 2.
The Longest Night - Part 1
Listen for the rain, when you hear it, run.
The Wailing Woman of Eastern Jharkand Ghat Road.
Urban Myths of India #1 The woman on the cliff.
I Can See Your Future, Mr. Kilpatrick
The shadowy laugher man in the forest
The students in my dorm won't stop partying
The shadowy laugher man in the forest
Don't open the email
What’s Behind Door Number 1 (Part 7)
Mirror are more dangerous than you think.
I killed my family for singling me out.
I got a free laptop from a company called MindGroo. I just completed their user survey [2]
The shadow laugher man in the forest tried to drowned me
Innocent if you drown
If every thing goes quite and dark leave immediately
Something horrifying I saw that no one believes
A.R.M.D
You Need to be Careful When You Work as a Salvage Diver.
If everything goes quiet and dark leave immediately
Something is up at work p2
Someone keeps leaving a mannequin outside my window
Not Looking
What Do You Believe
There's something wrong with Sally
Just the printer
Suite 667
My house is the burial site of a serial killer (Part 2)
I'm a security guard hired to protect an estate, The forest has eyes [Part 13]
I willed myself into becoming a vampire. Here's how you can do it too!
REAL LIFE QUESTION NEED HELP
There's something wrong with Sally
I participated in a “voices simulation” for class. It’s been three days and the voices haven’t stopped.
Your Guide to Finding Secret Rooms at the Ryce Property
I run a secret Discord server on which famous YouTubers brag about their illegal and horrifying ideas. Their ideas are starting to become a reality.
Dreams
If you're reading this do not look for me
Am I in the wrong for pushing religion on my son?
I Met My Future Self
I'm a criminal psychologist and I interviewed a man a few years ago who shot his friends at a crowded marina because he thought they were monsters. He may have been telling the truth.
Please remember
I’m having trouble sleeping at night, something is trying to show me something... (Part 1)
18 Saal Ki Pooja Ko Choda | Hindi Adult Stories | Indian Desi Sex ki Kahani | Gandi Baat - 01
My recurring past life dream
Nzjskz
JAB-76842-7
The Crow
Husband suicide and his children
Dnksiz
Distress Signal
The Garbage ManA Storm Unleashed a Reign of Terror on my Boating Excursion. If You Could Call it "Just a Storm..."
My Girlfriend Can't Sleep Part 3
I’ve Been an Empath for Most of My Life. These are My Stories. (Part 1)
Lost King of Eden
I've Been an Empath For Most of My Life. These are My Stories. (Part 1)
I like bananas
The Reprobate
That wasn't my dog
The Reprobate (Intro)
I Am A Super Human, And So Are You
Point Nemo - Part 2
[PS4] W: Shielded Casual UnderArmor Plans. H: caps
I met with a man who said he could help me see into the afterlife. I didn't believe it, but then ...
I died yesterday
Ava Miller Is in Room 201 at the Starlight Motel
Urban exploration went to hell
Sandman
There's a hole in my bathtub.
These people keep calling me King and I don’t know why! TCA Episode 2 Part 1
A Visit to Grandma's House
Abandoned Psychiatric Hospital
I got a job at a secret government facility, I think I'm having second thoughts.
Never trust Ronald McDonald
Home
The Flesh Man (Part 2)
If you don't have what you want...
Don’t fall asleep
I got stuck in a Chuck E Cheeses
Listen to the book's warning
I'm not a writer, this actually happened.
Confession of a mistake.
Emma
I had the wrong babysitter
I had the wrong babysitter
My strange babysitter
When I’m home alone
Journal from the void
My Mom Needs Your Help
Knocking
Agents R.A.I.N.B.O.W
Weeping Wilson
Behind Closed Curtains
Oh, One More Thing...
1 (302) 2 — You know who you are, and if you see this, STOP ALREADY!
The rules for getting into Mt. Pleasant Cemetery
how i kill myself
Cut the tie
I Lost My Virginity to My Girlfriend, It Turned Me into a Monster. Part 14
The Woman With No Eyes
I took a part-time job as a watchman in an iron-mine and the previous watchman left a bunch of weird rules for me.
The Trench Coat Man
This is the third impalement I've had to deal with this week alone
Something in my house was angry
How i kill myself?????
Not sure if this was a dream or not
Long cuts
Cut the tie
My friend never invited me over. I just found out why.
The Woman
Disturbed patient pt.2
You know... I really did make a wrong turn today
I’m a...different...kind of police officer. I have some stories to tell. Part 4
I met the devil. Twice.
Seriously Just Avoid Dark Forests
The last time I'll ever trust my friends
I’m was babysitting my cousin. Crazy things were happening.
someone has been following me for a week now
The Curious Case of Baby Jeanie
That scary sleepover experience (p.s this is all true, actually happend)
It wasn’t her in the basement.
The Case That Keeps Me Up At Night, Part 9: The Three Deaths - Finale and Epilogue
The Life-teller.
I wished I could live another life - that mistake has cost me (part 1)
I Found a Disturbing Note at a Brazilian Macumba Ceremony
The Case That Keeps Me Up At Night, Part 9: The Three Deaths (Finale and Epilogue)
I Found a Disturbing Note at a Brazilian Macumba Ceremony
I Found a Disturbing Note at a Brazilian Macumba Ceremony
I am a sub-contractor for an agency that fights monsters (Final)
I wished I could live a different life - that mistake has cost me (1/2)
The white figure
how did this happen
Today I went sailing. I never want to go again.
The Mark of Traub
I got a free laptop from a company called MindGroo. Now they are pressuring me into completing their user survey
My cousin is now asleep, please call 911 immediately
I hunt wendigo's for a living, my last hunt... wasn't a wendigo
My house.
Im a Retired Priest. Over the years I’ve heard hundreds of confessions. This is the one I planned to take to my grave.
Somethings up at work
My boyfriend won't let me see my friends anymore
My friend read a book, it made him extremely dangerous.
I like bananas
Recovered Footage
Something is Wrong
The Spirits I’ve known
I regretfuly woke up early
Death meets his quota in the ER
Today I went sailing. I never want to go again.
Don't install motion tracker sensors in your apartment
Today I went sailing. I never want to go again.I regretfully woke up early
Why?
I'm sailing. I'm never going again. (Part 1)
Last night a bug went inside my right ear
i want to kill myself
The Woman With No Eyes
The Woman With No Eyes (Part 2)
The Woman With No Eyes
The Woman With No Eyes
Not everyone is real
The Quiet Customer
I dress up as Shaggy for kids parties, but Scooby Doo is really starting to freak me out
I can see it but no one else can
Tracy - Part 2 -
He's a customer
I'm moving soon
Help
Shooting spree: at least 21 dead, 33 injured in mass shooting in thailand by a soldier
NEVER hike alone
I can't sleep
Adventures at Tranquility Meadows Academy - Wrestling with Werewolves
I think it's just me left now...
I can't sleep anymore.
I was visited by my own personal demon.
..-. . . -.. -- . … - . …- . -. (Part 2)
I am the night guard at my local subway station. I finally finished my first shift
Contact.
Sleep Paralysis Story #1
Upton's Journal was never brought to Trial [Repeat-1]
I’m a Gifted Child (Part 1)
I’m a Gifted Child (Part 1)
When I was 9 I had a sleep paralysis dream there was a weird purple bunny animatronic...
Everything is gone.
Looking for a specific post about a mortuary, morgue, mausoleum ...
Homework
Fix
Chant and it'll leave
This is actually real, help me
Long Cuts
Long cuts.
Im stuck inside my room, watching CCTV's to secure my home
The Beldam
Monsters Aren't Real
Home
Dark Web YOUTUBE VIDEO
Obssession
I spied my sister's best friend, and now I can't undo what I seen...
The watch
Pine Man
Tough Crowd
The Demon In The Snow
The Flesh Man. (Part 2)
There are no mirrors in my house (Final)
Photographs- The witch's saga (Part 2)
Photographs (Witch's saga part 2)
Soulless Sam
I hooked up with a hot girl, but she has some weird rules she wants me to follow
Soulless Sam
Soulless Sam
A Little Less Marshall
You've received a series of letters informing you an old friend has passed. It seems poor Henry is not the only one dead. letters 1-3
I know why the parents abandoned my adopted son. (Part 1)
Sleep
My brother is missing, please send help
you've received various letters from an old friend informing you henry has passed. it seems henry is not the only one who has died. (1-2)
My dad is a shapeshifter
My brother is missing, please send help
3:33 am a watch rings
Fly
The Flesh Man.
Maggots
About Daniel: Part 3
Fresh Snow
The crooked man
The thing in my room
About Daniel: Part 2
Forgiveness At My Father's Deathbed
Fresh Snow
The crooked man
Blended—From the mind of a curiosity.
Hello everyone ! My name is Alina Maria I will be direct with you I've started a YouTube channel (I post music ) So if someone wanna Subscribe to my channel here is the link : - https://youtu.be/IBpzMKlygd4 Enjoy the music and I will be really thankful if you like to Subscribe. Thanks !
My daughter will only scream upside down if her mother was present
There are demon creatures in my house. #1
"I grew up without a mom" STORY
"Thinking of you, Danny!"
Ghostly biker encounter
My friend called me from the future ?
The Red Brick House on Academy Avenue
Subject 3: The Survivor 2/10
Subject 3 2/10 The Survivor.
The Whale
Midnight Man question
I was trying to play music on my Alexa at night.
In The Dark, Dark World (Part 3)
I heard screaming from the woods... ( COMPLETE PART 1 )
These people have too much of everything.
I was trying to play music at night
I visited a place called "Fish Hell".
Bad kids get more than coal...
There’s a gang in my neighborhood (PART 1)I shouldnt have gotten through the forest
'Do not open your eyes.'
I was possessed by a demon a couple of years ago and I think I am going to die very soon.
The One Who Watches
I feel her hand laid over mine.
I think my friend became too obsessed with some local unresolved murder cases...
Nightmare.
No Moon
I kept thinking that i was different from everyone else and i finally found the answer.
Once a criminal, always a criminal!
My name is William Blithe, and I've recieved a job offer.
A Catholic priest murdered my wife and son, but I refuse to reveal his identity to the police.
An Odd Man Visits Me Each Night
I’m a...different...kind of police officer. I’ve got some stories to tell. Part Three
It's Judgement Day Again
Some monsters from a cave were realeses and now, in hundreds, are trying to kill my town. [PART 1]
I’m in an alternate dimension and can’t get out- here’s why
The Marie Antoinette Case
Nobody likes to walk the pathway to cabin 5 at night. I just found out why.
Nobody likes to walk the pathway to cabin number 5 at night. I just found out why.
From Right &amp; Wrong
25 years ago, a one-eyed cowboy with a dick like an elephant trunk paid a horrifying visit to our town. Now that son of a bitch is due back with a bullet meant for me. (Part 1)
My haunted Catholic primary school
Piano.. but..
The Neon Man Won't Let Me Jog
12,020
The Woman With No Eyes (Part 1)
No 14 year old should go through this
The Woman With No Eyes (Part 1)
Bought and Paid For
Just a squeaky door ..
She will never know..
This is a true story. Just happened to me right now. Didn't know where to exactly post it. (Read Below).
The Labyrinth.
The Rain Men
I came home to visit my parents for the weekend.
The Woman Who Is Allergic To The Moon
In the Appalachian Hollow
My friend saw a wendigo
The Market Of Silence
I came home to visit my parents for the weekend. (Part 1)
The Market Of Silence
What is death?
Tabula Rasa Ranch: Part One
Tales From The Diner - The Final Incident (Final)
Don't Fear the Reaper
My Parents Wanted Me To Join The Family Business. I Didn’t Want To, But I’m Not Alone Anymore
My Daughter Would Have Been Six Today
Extinction by 56
My Recent Nightmare.
I’m so afraid
Darcy Drowned
If it snows in summer, don't look out the windows. 1/???
How I Was Finally Able To Stop Playing Golf.
All of Them Witches
She isnt Home Yet
A few “ideas”....
Extinction by 56
Looking for a story
Blended
Im a...different...kind of police officer. I’ve got some stories to tell. Part Three
The Cultleader's Daughter
I am the night guard at my local subway station. These rules are even worse than they seem (Part 2)
Hello? Is this a human?
What I Saw Wasn’t Human.
My name is William Blithe, and I've got a job offer.
The One Who Watches
Nobody likes to walk the pathway to cabin number 5 at night. I just found out why.
A late night stroll.
No Moon
Microsoft
Stay in the Light, and Keep it Noisy! [Part 3]
Don't Look Behind the Shower Curtain
Black Holes Aren't What We Think (Part 3)
Ash Eater
The thing under my bed won’t stop making noise
The things in the trees won’t leave me alone
I met an online friend who liked cosplaying, things only got scarier and scarier.
Disturbed patient. Pt 1
Watching. Waiting. Witch.
Under the Forest
The last journal entry from an Elderhearthian Hunter, Thalien Rhubard
There are old fallout tunnels that run underneath my town (part 1)
I haven't slept in three days
I Haven't Slept in Three Days
They can't get you here
I haven't slept in three days
The thing in my apartment 2
Earth Effects
The wind outside my window
About Daniel: Part 1
I Am Watching You Right Now
I Read a Story on My YouTube Channel and I Think I Unleashed a Curse
I see also
I found out what happened to my co-worker....
In The Dark, Dark World (Part 2) (Series)
My wife left me for my side chick
I heard screaming from the woods...
Spare-O's Funeral Services
My New MotherWhat is *my* depression?
My Brother Jack and Mr. Deer
My girlfriend is a psychopath and she's ruining my life - Part 2/2
It Wasn’t Supposed To Rain
Everyone in town loves Frockle’s fantastic sour lime caramels [Final]
The Nebula
Ghost Town
This is actually happening to me. OH HECK I GOTTA GO
this about that dim mirror warping
I've been getting stalked by the same person for 6 years now, and they keep trying to hurt me. (PT. 1)
Pushing down on me, pressing down on you
The Neonatal Horror and My Ghastly Possession
The Sleep Paradox
My experience playing the Neighbor Game
Be careful dialing
The baby monitor crackled and I froze in place, staring into the screen.
Control Freak
Skater Girl
A Perfect Life
It's the Glass Doors
They Can't all be Winners
That time i saw the little girl with black hair.
Kathputli - How the love story of a puppeteer's daughter scarred me for life.
10 hours, 5 chances
can anybody find this episode of tom and jerry
Help me please I think I'm trapped in dejavue all I can remember is waking up sweating feeling like something is in my sister's room and then turning on my phone and writing this I'm scared and need help
Warning level Black
It Wasn’t Supposed To Rain Today
How do people "wanderlusting" their life away in their 20's feel fulfillment? What will they think at 30?
Blind Date
A Terrible Accident Has Occurred At Our School, Except I Don’t Think It Was An Accident
If you ever visit Vhaz Bazaar, stay away from Omarsk's Eatery AT ANY COST
I played an innocent game, I regret what it did to my child
How I Saved My Daughter From A Pedophile Ring
He came knocking
I am Meka Castle, and I have avenged my mother.
I’m a deadbeat, and it’s nobody’s fault but my own
I’m a...different...kind of police officer. I’ve got some stories to tell. Part two
My mother is convinced she can see ghosts. Now I’m scared I can too.
Everything is Vague
Trying to find a super long creepy/realistic story I read around 5 years ago
Hellish Screaming
Hellish Screaming
Tracy - Part 1 - Brewing
I revisted an old hangout, only to be scared shitless
My ayahuasca trip to the Amazon jungle.
A mysterious man keeps showing up at my work. I finally learned the truth about him.
Something was waiting for me in the garbage room.
Final Girl
Tracy - Part 1 - Introduction
I encountered HachiShakusama in my japan school trip a couple of days ago.
When I was a Deputy in a small town I saw security footage that was weird as hell
A Terrible Accident has occurred at our school, except I don’t think it was an accident
The Rose Woman
Dream Locations, Arizona Reapers, and Service Road Burial Grounds (and why if I go exploring, I bring more than two people now) (Actual True Story)
On my last day as an officer of the law we watched a weird as hell surveillance tape
My Diabolical Self | Part 9: Getting Out!
Cyprus in the Pines
By Devil or Man
To Taste Her
Addiction
I Am Watching You Right Now
Someone is delivering disturbing packages to my house.
Tindering my resignation
Ten year old me witnessed something horrible while looking over a wall at a Mexican party.
So its not my friend and its not yours either?
Made in Wuhan
I used time travel to save my fathers life. Now I wish I hadn’t.
Pot Roast
Lifeguards wont always save you
Why I went missing for almost a year
Why I'm not a nurse anymore
If I disappear get this to the police | Creepy Encounters
Strange Dog In My Dreams?
I was just a lonely incel. They never told me my sex doll was made in Wuhan
I’ve been to the end of the rainbow. There are things there you don’t want to meet.
Point Nemo
hour by hour
The hallway
Camping, Rain, and the Visitor
Working at a hounded house
The Bunker (pt. 3)
Nightmare.
I was once visited by a moth-shaped demon...
Die grausame Geschichte von Blanche Monnier - 25 Jahre eingesperrt
scary website
porcelain woman (updated version)
My brother Tommy
It’s normal to be anxious
Chittering
I Beat.... A Game?
ᛒᛟᛟᚴ ᛟᚠ ᛞᛖᚨᛏᚺ: ᚲᚺᚨᛈᛏᛖᚱ 2: ᛚᚨᚾᚲᚨᛋᛏᛖᚱ ᚹᛁᛏᚲᚺ ᚠᛁᛚᛖ
Our entire town is snowed in and that's the least of our troubles.
When My Friend Tara Changed (Pt 2)
In The Dark, Dark World (Part 1)
The Dream Paradox
What we found 1000 metres below the sea makes me not want to live anymore.
The Figure
I Own a Tape That Changes Each Time I Watch It (2)
The Spike Man in my apartmentI Shouldn’t be alive
I saw a ghost in my apartment.
Nickerware JuncTION
Barbie and Ken, a story of devotion ch3
There's something in my home town
There's something in my town
sleep movie scene
One night, being a Good Samaritan almost killed me.
be careful what you wish for
I'm a night guard at a local subway station. I found a second user manual outlining some disturbing rules (part 1)
The Beach Is Closed
Rease is my name.
Knucklebones
Knucklebones
I’m a...different...kind of police officer. I have some stories to tell. Part two
The lady at the carnival
Black Holes Aren't What We Think (Part 2)
I brought something over from the great beyond...
Exotic yet Normal #1: a Cat with Dreams (part 1)
Exotic yet Manipulating: a Cat with Dreams (part 1)
Exotic Animals #1: A Cat with Dreams (part 1)
I am hunting the werewolf that killed my father. It spared me because I held a Bible in my hands.
Animals from hell #1: A Cat with Dreams.
The Red Brick House on Academy Avenue
this was "fun"
Addicted to her memories.
The Fat Matias.
I'm going to get killed by a cult
My friend and I tried to rob a warehouse in the woods. Biggest mistake I've ever made. Pt.1
YES
The voice in my head turned out to be something much worse.
The House with the Yellow Door
The voice in my head, turned out to be something much worse. Part 1 of 3
I'm What your scared of (Part 1)
MOTHMAN &amp; ME
He didn't seem human.
The painting.
I Beat... A Dream?
My Scariest Dream
I think I found something, and I'm scared....
[Update] The Black Pills Part 7
[Update] The Black Pills Part 6
The Pink Stuff
Merry Were the Lambs
Something about some of my old diary entries just don’t add up…
My name is Bianca, and I can taste your lies. [1]
Pink orchids from Two Shorts of Horror by Brando Stone
Terrible Terry
Strange Stories from Strange People, Part 1
I want to kill myself without pain and immediately how do I do that
This is the smuggled transcript of convicted killer Ian Masoom's final confession. He was executed yesterday.
I found an odd journal in a Library (Part 2)
I found a note written 50 years ago and it changed my present.. (PART 1)
A strange guy suddenly appeared in my house and has washed my mom's brain! She swears that he is my father, but it is not true.
A Dark Past Leads To A Dark Ending
I am the night guard at my local subway station. I found a second user manual outlining some very disturbing rules.
The Witching Park
There's my friend! Peeking from that room, mommy!
The Woman That Watched Me Sleep
I have a possible ghost story
ᛒᛟᛟᚴ ᛟᚠ ᛞᛖᚨᛏᚺ: ᚲᚺᚨᛈᛏᛖᚱ 2: ᛖᛚ ᛈᛖᛋᛟ ᚹᛁᛏᚲᚺ ᚺᚢᚾᛏ
I’ve been working at a strange daycare for a while now. Here are my stories. (Part 2)
Something strange in woods.
I installed a police scanner then it attacked
I’ve been working at a strange daycare for a while (Part 2)
Blessing and a curse.
SirenHeAD. 1993,Jan 8.
My Scariest Dream (my first post ever)
The mistake
I have extra sensory perspective (something like a sixth sense) and maybe something even far more than that.
Creepy Dream (My First Post Ever)
I’m a...different...kind of police officer. I’ve got some stories to tell.
The mistake
It feeds on their grief
The Soul Train Broke The Rules
It feeds on their grief.
I'm glad I said no
My Diary: December 21st and January 12th
Looking Down The Hall
The Latch
Very creepy cartoons, and theories based around it.
My Mother's Eyes
How to Survive Camping: Rule #15 - the lady with extra eyes
Broken Mirror
Testimony of a Holocaust Survivor (Finale)
Don't eat the Impossible Whopper
I’ve been to the end of the rainbow. It’s not what people think.
I think I might’ve hurt someone... I need advice please!
I need medical advice! Please, I think I might’ve hurt someone!
Polyphagia
I need medical advice! I might’ve hurt someone, please help!
The Long Arms Game
I am Meka Castle, and I am not alone.
ᛒᛟᛟᚴ ᛟᚠ ᛞᛖᚨᛏᚺ: ᚲᚺᚨᛈᛏᛖᚱ 1: ᛏᚺᛖ ᛋᛖᚨ ᛟᚠ ᛏᚺᛟᚢᛋᚨᚾᛞ ᛖᚤᛖᛋ
The Shadows In The Corner Of My Eye (part 1)
The Ouija Board (Happened IRL, 2013-2015)
The Ouija Board (Happened IRL, 5-7yrs ago)
dd
d
There's something strange about my neighborsThe Key
When the Trees Begin to Cry, Run the Other Way
We opened a time capsule today. I'm now very scared.
Don't eat the Impossible Whopper!
Last Year, I Was Claimed By A Skinwalker… I Wish It Would've Just Killed Me
Why are there shadows?
We opened a time capsule today. I'm pretty scared.
This message was sent 20,000 years ago
I’m friends with a psycho.
I stole a phone today.
Short story about a recurring dream...
I have weird neighbors.
The Last One of Them All.
What was behind Old Man Richardson
I recently got a job as a park ranger
The Manikin. Part Two of Two.
Ive learned the truth about the seven deadly sins...I dont think i can call them that anymore
t
Ive learned the truth about the seven deadly sins...I dont think i can call them thay anymore
Cat
The Interview
My roommate in college
Invaders and the Chase (Part 3)
Invaders and the chase(Part 3 of Invaders)
Traub [Part 1]
The Interview
Si, Beavis, Tobz, Maz and me.
How to have fun at home during a city-wide quarantine
Victoria (Part 2)
Are You A Vessel?
I’m possessed by all the knowledge in the world. It’s really scary.
My camera finally caught something
Victoria (Part 2) [END]
Testimony of a Holocaust Survivor (Finale) - Ghosts Of What Should've Been
Everyone in town loves Frockle’s fantastic sour lime caramels [Part 2]
Don't visit the ruins of Pompeii
Henry (Part Two)
[Series] Henry (Part Two)
Desert Silhouette
There is No Third Floor [Revised]
My entire Neighbourhood has forgotten who I am... PART 1
There is No Third Floor [Part 2]
I fear my dreams are becoming too real.
Someone is playing fetch with my dog...It's not me and I live alone
The Creatures On The Forest (Part 1)
I was recruited for NASA’s Top Secret Mission to colonize the Moon. Something has gone wrong.
Black Holes Aren't What We Think (Part 1)
An Instagrammer Shared Her "Rules of the Road" Story With Me. It Still Haunts Me.
I don't wake my husband
Just got a new Diary.
I was recruited for NASA’s Top Secret Mission to colonize the Moon. Something has gone Wrong.
Black Holes Aren't What We Think (Part 1)
Found some creepy/cool tapes about Showbiz Pizza and decided to transcribe them—Part Three
Recent haunting
The woman that follows me
The thing in the room.
The woman in my room
I'm only twenty years old, but I've lived thousands of lives.
Silence
I Work Overnight at Lowe’s and There Are some Strange Things That Happen There: Part 7
The Bathroom Stall
the monster in my closet
My tribe has been eradicated and now I'm out for revenge Part 1
My grandma used to tell me scary stories when I was little. There’s one I’ll never forget.
slip
The thing in my apartment
there are no monsters in the closet
Invaders are chasing me (Part 3)
I heard a loud crash outside, and now the whole city is dying.
The thing in my apartment
These creatures living in my parent's farm.
If i disappear get this to the police... but not my local police.
True Creepy Happenings
The End of Days: Part One
I live in a house with three dogs
I camped in the woods alone, and woke up with a parasite. (Part 2)
My parents warned me. #1
The Other Woman
Not Me (Part One)
I drove past a bloody hitchhiker, and now I'm the one standing there. [Part 1]
Dogtag from WW1
Stripper Rave Cruise
Please linaliiis video links
PLEASE READ.
We found some weird bones on a paleontology trip. We should've left them where we found them.
Forneus
I'm a pilot and I traveled to a different dimension (part 2)
It's snowing for the first time in 6 years, and something isn't right...
The Wolf of Rivers Edge
The Wolf of Rivers Edge
Why I Don't Fly At Night Anymore
A clown tried to kill me. (Krampz The Clown)
My Imagination is trying to kill me.... and I'm in Toronto
Hello? Can you see this?
I camped in the woods alone, and woke up with a parasite. (Part 2)
They killed my best friend
An emergency alert system played and now there are massive figures outside #1
I have a question
Doxology
Hello? Can you see this post?Im not a normal human
I don't wake my husband
I'm being stalked and probably developing PTSD
But Nobody Was Home
My Father is the Ferryman of the Dead
Breathe
I'm not crazy, I swear... even if this makes me sound insane.
Little kid standing in the middle of the street. 22:30.
Gwendolyn - Part 1
Seven Years Ago I Made a Bargain With a Demon; I Think We Went on a Date?
Little kid standing outside in the middle of the street. 22:30.
I was at home
the worst Nightmare/LucidDream or whatever this was
I was at home eating dorito when phon ring
I am a sub-contractor for an agency that fights monsters (Part 6)
I found an odd journal in a Library.
Has anyone heard of a game called Knock-at-the-Dock?
Beware The Govot [Part 1]
I, a sleep phantom speaks.
My roommate doesn’t have a reflection.
I, a sleep phantom speaks.
I am a Sleep Phantom
Something Came Into My House Last Night
The Walk
Sanitary Work With a Side of the Paranormal (part 2)
My girlfriend is a psychopath and she's ruining my life - Part 1/2
When it comes
My girlfriend is a psychopath and she's ruining my life [Part 1/2]
If you see this , remember the date
My Friend Told Me He Saw Something Following Us On The Road, I Was Skeptical... I'm No Longer Skeptical...
ReStarting (Part 2)
Sanitary Work With a Side of the paranormal (part 2)
Victoria (Part 2)
There is No Third Floor
Victoria (Part 1)
WHAT
I'm volunteering at my old middle school. The job came with a very strange "code of conduct". (Part 2)
My family is aging – but I’m not
I was the nightwatch of an old museum in Savannah Georgia, I knew the pay was too good to be true.
Intro: Beyond our Nightmares
Beyond our Nightmares
Beyond our Nightmares
Beyond our nightmares
Have this happen to anyone else or just me?
Erik the Lephixian: Part 1 - Eradication of the Lephixians
My twin lives under the bed
no luck next time
No luck next time
I camped in the woods alone, and woke up with a parasite. (Part 2)
Working my project
Erik The Lephixian: Part 1 (Eradication of the Lephixians)
The time I visited my rural cousins
ReStarting (Part 1)
FrankTV
Strange marks
I finally caught a livormortan, but its secret was more surprising than its existence
Bluebell Wood
If you ever come across a Radio Show called The Everlasting Man; Turn it Off immediately! (Part 1)
The Little Boy at the Top of the Stairs
Black Holes Aren't What We Think (Part 1)
The hospital I'm in is under attack. We're locked in with the raiders. (Part 1)
Maybe Lovecraft Was Onto Something.
Re-Starting (Parts 1-3)
Normaltown
The hospital I'm in is being raided. We can't leave.
I was told to find it..
My Sister was an ISIS Bride (Part Three)
I’m Lily Madwhip and This is the End of the Beginning
Every time I fall asleep, I see things, bad things
Hello Darkness
A cats eye (Part One)
REM Sleep Phantoms
Organic You.
Here is the entire plot of the story in the title. You don't need to read anything. Part 1
Memoir of a Broken Dreamer
Nature’s Insanity
Mommy Dearest [Part 1]
Entity file #1 sighting this is my first story please be honest
I am a Memory-Placer. I have taken countless souls in my career, but there's one soul I always think about. I'm not sure why.
People are going missing and then getting replaced and I think I'm the only one that knows. [part 4] FINAL.
Pointers
The last time I'll ever go to the back to the park... #1
There is an entity called The Adeep. Whatever you do, don't try to summon it.
December 2019 Winners!
People are going missing and then getting replaced and I think I'm the only one that knows. [part 4 FINAL]
Something creepy happened last night
The Henderson-Files: Case 1, The Lamb
Whispers from a Humanesque Tree
Raventown Part Four
Has anyone heard of The Adeep?
1 week, barely sleeping
Have you heard of The Adeep?
January 2020 contest nominations
LPT - Sleep when you can
my sleep paralysis almost got me killed
The Hideaway
I camped in the woods alone, and woke up with a parasite
Documentary/Movie of Real Life Events
The Collector
Play Palace Part 1I traveled back to the Victorian Era, but the world I saw was nothing like in the history books - Part 2
I traveled back to the Victorian Era, but the world I saw was nothing like in the history books - Part 2
Missing Person
I owe my cat my life.
It cums at midnight
I woke up to a emergency broadcast on my tv and now I can hear their voices
I can't sleep without my rabbit, Pt. 1
I am being followed
Despite what people believe zombies are very real and are not what we think
No One Has Been To Earth In A Long Time...
Why is she haunting me???
I saw something in the dark. Now there are monsters
Less than a minute
Why is she haunting us???
My mother wrote a letter that told a dark truth about my family
Pretty Sure He Killed His Ex-Wife, and Got Away with it Pt 2
My mother was Amada Castle.
The Tree and the trunk
Hello? Can you see this?
The old cabin
Please help me, I don't know what this noise is.
Always There
Pretty Sure He Killed His Ex-Wife, and Got Away with it Pt.1 - The Beginning
The Noctopohhnn
If the lights flash red, HIDE (Part 2) (END)
If the lights flash red, HIDE (Part 1)
I’m an man, I went for fertility treatment, it’s not what I expected...at all.
The alert system said to seek shelter from “them”, but from what? #1
The Smiling Stalker
Butterfly Effect - A maple tree, childhood memories and my film ambitions lead me to watching a plane crash. A couple's faith, and a last minute decision, saved them from it
My Imaginary Friend Held a Dark Secret
The Haunting (Part 1)
(Butterfly Effect) A maple tree, childhood memories and my film ambitions lead me to watching a plane crash. A couple's faith, and a last minute decision, saved them from it.
My friends and I played hide n seek at a local private school. I found what I like to call the "Hell Hall"
Someone broke into my house last week.
X-Ray Glasses [Part One]
I lived like my sim for 24 hours. I regret it.
I was Put in Cryostasis When I Died. Today, I Woke up. (Final)
What is one of the worst Skinwalker, Wendigo, or any other Cryptic encounter you’ve had?
Maybe Lovecraft Was Onto Something.
I Always Thought the Creature My Grandpa Called the Fire-Shy Was a Myth [Part One]
DORM #447 PART 2
The little boy who lost everything he loved. Part1
The Book
Paralysis
The Hideaway
London Nights (Part 2)
You’re Not always alone
any one want to hear a story?
London Nights (Part 2)
A Gift From the Dark
The Turpitude of the City Slicker
Then the Earth Shook
The Vatican conducted illegal human experiments during WWII, but only the Pope has access to the files. Until now. (FINALE)
I Need to Avoid Pretty Women When Summoning Demons
The Otto-Tashiro Game
The Manikin. Part One.
There is something on the ship.
I am a sub-contractor for an agency that fights monsters (Part 5)
I'm becoming something... Unnatural (Part 2)
Retinal growth
My boyfriend called me and wont tell me anything, He sounds scared....
Distress Signal From Marcab Confederacy Prison Planet
i dont have time excuse my spelling
I am Guard
Love is Evil and So am I
Love Can Make You Evil
(THIS IS NOT MADE UP THIS ACTUALLY HAPPENED) My brother used to see things in his room when he was younger
Invaders that military can't handle (Part 2)
Life Interview with Demons During a Lucid Dream
My journey to "The Deep"
My grandfather spoke dozens of languages. His final words were a warning in a language no-one’s heard of. GUTTERS: PART 4, FINAL
My grandfather spoke dozens of languages. His final words were a warning in a language no-one’s heard of. GUTTERS: (PART 4, FINAL)
The graveyard shift janitors
Confessions of a Twitch Girl (Final)
Origin Unknown, Purpose Determined
Simon Says (Part 6)
The Year 2097
There's something strange in the fog [Final]
Something Big is coming
I fought in the vietnam war, i saw something i cant explain.
My town was swallowed by darkness
We open weird portals to the Underworld and pull the Damned out for cash [part 1]
We open weird portals to Hell and pull the Damned out for cash [Hellcrashers - Chapter 1]
Just Joined!!!
The Cardboard Orphan (Part Two)
My town was swallowed by darkness
Recommendations for 1st person female short story
My Grandfather's World War II Story
Bonzo’s Benevolent Adventure
I think I'm alone in this world. Is anyone out there?
I was a Voice Actor at FUNimation
idk whats going on with me
She Used to Hold My Hand
Grain.
Don’t wish to turn your life around.
idk whats wrong with me
The Eyes
Wanna make your country a better place
The Day The Rain Was AcidThe Silence of the Scream
I Lost My Virginity to My Girlfriend, It Turned Me into a Monster. Part 13
There is a thing living in the Louisiana woods.
Nature’s insanity
Love at First Sight
The drug trip of Horror: Part 1
I tried to kill myself, and entered the realm between Eternities.
I’ve Always Wanted To Change School Lunches, Now I’m Supposed To Be A Part Of The Menu
I SAW SOMETHING OUTSIDE THE WINDOW NOW WHATEVER IT IS NOW IS STALKING ME... 1#
[Update] The Black Pills Part 6
Last night I saw my mother...
my creepy story?
no one can find the old dairy farm(part1)
I Work For A Late Night Radio Show Called "The Witching Hour".
I thought suicide was a way out, but it was only
Nine
Bedridden
AI Dungeon's AI.
People are going missing and then getting replaced and I think I'm the only one that knows. [part 4 FINAL]
Under the black sun
I woke up to an Emergency Alert on my phone, now there's creatures outside... #4
I Feel Your Soft and Bumpy Goosebumps While You’re Sleeping
Praying ghost
A Big Hospital [ Part 1 ]
A praying ghost appeared next to my bed.
Not mine, it's u/wid89 's.
Someone has been airdropping me pictures
Don't Join The Music Industry
[part 1] The True Gods
Invaders and death
Invaders and city lockdown (Part 2)
I read something on r/no sleep and now I’m scared for my life
Invaders mentality (Part 2)
Sanitary Work With a Side of the Paranormal.
I'm always here
Author of the Week
Author of the Week!
This should be unspoken ...
S.O.S.
"The Lone Deer"
Something happened to my mother that I can't explain.
Who?
DORM #447
Space travel was not what we imagined
Recommend top 10 stories ?
[Meta] Recommend top 10 stories ?
The book with the blue binding
The Creature
I Work For A Late Night Radio Show Called "The Witching Hour"
The Watcher
Weird message while playing infamous on my ps3
give me the
The Case That Keeps Me Up at Night, Part 8: Missing Pieces
The Scarecrow
The Black Umbrella
i've been seeing the paranormal and there only after me
The Teller
The Scarecrow
Exceptions
My mother wrote a letter that told a dark truth about my family-Parts 1-4
Stay in the Light, and Keep it Noisy! [Part 2]
My mother did something that I can't understand.
my neighbor stopped mowing his lawn (pt 2)
The Case of Pale Eyes
Creepers in the wash
The Teller
15%
$300 Million
I unknowingly broke a rule ._.
I Think There's Something Wrong With The Night Tour Guide (update)
The night I lost my father
The Book
Creeper
The Case of Pale Eyes
I'm a pilot and traveled to a different dimension
Old Friend
I took my boyfriend into hospital and now they’re not letting him out. (Part 2)
Tales from 6 feet under: The Stalker
Weird crap happened in my basement
Silence
Illusory Utopia
I am seeing the creepypasta everywhere and last night I had a disturbing dream about the slenderman
Silence
Illusory Utopia
Facts
Illusory Utopia
The Forgotten
I will never play oujia board againg...
porcelain woman
The Machine (The Privacy Policy)
Lady's hands are cold
Porcelain woman
Charlie..?
The Geico Pinnochio commercial is scarily reminiscent of Tommy Taffy
Never stay out late.
It's outside my house.
Camp Newborn
Umm help please?
Rhyme
I saw my dad's ghost when I was 9The country can be a dangerous place, my train hopping story
I'm A Therapist And My Patient Is Convinced He's The Antichrist. [Finale]
What is the creepiest thing that has actually happened to you ??
I never got to ride the blue tricycle that could only be seen from the window on the second floor
I was wondering...
Emergency. Invaders
A Nice, Happy Town.
curious cats always die
Here’s a Piece of Advice: Don’t Dig your Own Grave
I Don’t Go In The Basement At Work Anymore
Here’s Some Advice: Don’t Dig your Own Grave (pt 2)
I’m being followed
Daniel...
My Confession
Nine
The Book
Craving Beauty
My Confession
Night Time Visitor
True Story, could just be from a life of anxiety and a vivid imagination, but here it is
I’m seeing the creepypasta everywhere and last night dreamt of having intercourse with slenderman
I escaped some sociopaths by entering a cellar, now I'm on my run
Our cottage
Something is Happening in this school. Something Bad.
Why am I seeing things? What’s happening to me
I sucked a penis and it started to cum
The moon
Am I even awake? (Pt 3) FINALE
She has Baggage
She has Baggage
I am a sub-contractor for an agency that fights monsters (Part 4)
Record 3: There was never a fighting chance
I’m being followed
Up on the tower (part 1)
I watch the same movie every night
Martin could only breathe through dead things
I found gold in the woods. I wish I never picked it up... (Part 1)
Danger Roger and The Rat Person (Part 1)
Danger Roger and The Rat Person (Part I)
Danger Roger and The Rat Person
The Caterpillar
I took my boyfriend into hospital and now they’re not letting him out. (Part 2)
A Gift From the Dark
r/nosleep
I’m a Retired Priest. Over the years I have heard hundreds of confessions. This is the one that will always haunt me.
Beware those who stalk without sound
The Lake View Broadcasting Station Log's 3 The Slug
Found Out the Hotel I Work at Has a Basement
Edge of Home
The HItchHIker
Something is stalking me, But I can only see it in reflections.
Smokeface - Why I found thousands of human bones buried in my property.
At the desert
At the desert
The phone rang at 5
A road,with no start nor end
I didn’t sleep very well last night
My dog found something in the woods... and it wasn't an animal.
Echo Ghost
The Strand theater: a survival guide. (Part 2)
A creepy track for all the #nosleep fans! Show some love.
Something is stalking me, But I can only see it in reflections.
It smelt like death.
At the desert
At the desert
At the desert
The Drowned Village
My Parents Wanted Me To Join The Family Business. I Didn’t Want To, But We Were Abducted And Tortured
:injection complete:
:injection complete:
I met my deaceased 5th great Grandfather, and now I cant get away from him
Jeff.
Palindrome
"That actually takes such a seedy nutjob."
From a faded journal, found behind an old bookcase in a boarded up London house. Someone had taken great pains to record their experiences. What did those early explorers discover? (Part 2)
Burnt Black - My first short story
If you’re reading this... Its to late
A weird creature showed up in my backyard, now people in my town are dying,
Graveyard
There’s something in the storm...
I'm a low-level security guard at a top-secret government facility, and whatever's inside it is about to escape
The Sisters of House Omega
I Am Seraphim Paige, and my Living Chapters will bring upon the end of the world
The Corruption of Power
Ten
Shower thought.
Graveyard [Short Story]
Near where the north winds blow
I love it when they keep me guessing...
The clown in the plushies
Help me out!!
Meds
The dark side of the moon
I Don't Go In The Basement At Work Anymore
Jade Jewels: Part 1
My best janitor has been washing the same bathroom for the past 10 hours
Meds
That horrible taste that lingers (now updated properly)
I found a tunnel into nothing
Why I Quit Working At The Bowling AlleyThe cat eyed creature kept staring at me at 3 in the night from the dark hallway and my door had a very big hole. I could see it
The horrible taste that lingers
LEAK
The creature
This might not be bad but
I took my boyfriend into hospital and now they’re not letting him out.
Stay in the Light, and Keep it Noisy!
Where is everyone?
I See You
Fear those who’s footsteps make no sound
Audio Logs
Have you ever died before ?
"Suicide Man" recordings. Tape 1. (New here... Just testing the waters)
They said I had a defective heart
I was brainwashed my whole life, now I’m finally free (part 2)
More than just a catfish..
Do you want a unicorn?
Audio Logs
I was brainwashed my whole life. I’m finally free (follow up)
I wish I could be better
The world we live in isn't so far from the tales we tell...
I was brainwashed my whole life, now I’m finally free (follow up)
I'm Not A Serial Killer (Part 3)
The Place Where Forgotten Dreams Go
My Sister was an ISIS Bride (Part Two)
The world we live in isn't so far from the tales we tell...
My Paw-Paw left me his shrimp boat after he passed. He didn't want me to use it to catch shrimp.
I'm becoming something... Unnatural (Part 2)
Someone dug a 6 foot hole in my garden
My best friend impregnated me inside an endless void. PART 1/2
My local theater recently screened a film called "Mr. Blank." (Part 6)
I'm becoming something... Unnatural (Part 2_
The coronavirus is worse than you think
Everyone in town loves Frockle’s fantastic sour lime caramels
The Quiet is Fine
The Caffeine Wyrm (Part 2)
The Quiet is Fine
I shouldn't have turned my head...
Reality
Pay Attention To Your Uber Part 1
WAKE UP
The Chess Man
WAKE UP
Pro Bowl Weekend Practice Interviews Full Transcript
I Don't Go In The Basement At Work Anymore
My best friend is obsessed with me. She was a "yandere" her whole life.
The Man
There are humans running around outside, eating other humans.
ZoZo is Becom-in-g
There were three hundred and eighteen people in Janistown
There's something strange in the fog [Part 7]
There's something strange in the fog [Part 7]
There's something strange in the fog [Part 7]
The Cardboard Orphan
man who used to live in my family house is coming back and stalking us 45 years later
Slaughterhouse 16
For every moment of your life, he’s been there… watching. He calls himself The Clockmaker
The Ringing
What is something you woke up to and will never forget
my moms lost photos
Run and hide
I am a sub-contractor for an agency that fights monsters (Part 3)
What is this creature scratching at my door?
The Barn in the Field
My boyfriend has an eating problem that drives me insane
What’s that thing scratching at my door?
WIBTA if I dumped my boyfriend because of a comment about my cooking skills?
I nearly escaped a Wendigo, at the cost of both of my parents
When my sister was born, the nurse in the room started speaking tongues. This is one of my Father's stories of encountering angels, demons, and otherworldly beings.
Social survival guide
This light in my house attracts...things[Part 1]
I CAN'T WISH FOR DEATH OR IT WILL HAPPEN
The Satanist Killed My Girlfriend
Post-mortem Thoughts
UNKT578 Part 2
I can't sleep :(
Post-mortem Thoughts
UNKT578 part 2
Post-mortem
The Vatican conducted illegal human experiments during WWII, but only the Pope has access to the files. Until now. (part five)
The Third Mutation ncov
Mdłości
The third ncov mutation
UNKT578 part 2
The Endless Road
My boyfriends best friend of 20 + years killed himself.
There is more to fear at the border than drug cartels.
Joy
The day i burnt my grandfathers photo
I can’t remember the last time I had sleep paralysis
I saw a nightmare which i shouldn't
I found a doorway in my apartment that should not exist
Time
The Graveyard Shift
We had an exorcism for my sister, but something worse happened.
The Whistles
I couldn't sleep tonight
I wish it was just another regular hacker...
My Sister was an ISIS Bride (Part Two)
After ClassMy Daughter's Ghosts
A parting gift.
The black room
The Abyss
Always off?
I can't sleep.
My house is the burial site of a serial killer
HUNGER
The Part-Timer
A Drug trip of horror
A horrified drug trip
Beware those who walk without sound
Missing child in colorado
a story from my beloved mother
sefzr
a prophecy taken in the darkness of the forest. it was inevitable...
The Dead Guy
Eggplant
👌👌👌👌 👌👌👌👌 okboomer👌👌👌👌 👌👌👌👌 👌👌👌👌 👌👌👌👌
🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆 🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆 🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆 🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆 🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆 🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆 🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆 🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆 🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆 🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆 🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆 🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆
You had to be there at that exact time, didn't you?
Just run and don't stop jeremy
From a faded journal, found behind an old bookcase in a boarded up London house. Someone had taken great pains to record their experiences. What did those early explorers discover? (Part 1)
ARG / Unfiction story, Warstead. Need help investigating.
I know why the rural free delivery act ended. The Beast of 'A 32
A loving father of four.
Emergency Broadcast
I can't leave my room
I'm in a train and there's a serial rapist and killer next to me
Losing him
Where do you go when you sleep?
Part 3: The scroll of Longinus - I tried to forget about the scroll , but someone traced the upload back to me
My Girlfriend Can't Sleep Part2
People can hear things around me that I can't, but they're not the ones who are insane
Bumps In The Night Pt.1
I have two footsteps left to live.
Bumps In The Night Pt. 1
Nightcap
Do NOT play the closet game (part 1)
i went to hang out with my friends a little bit after halloween
Something Jumped in front of my Car on a Dead Road
I’m searching for a story.
THE BOAT
The Office With The Tinted Windows is Full of Faces
Something's Controlling Me and My Tendency to Self-Harm
Welcome to Shirley
Dangerous Dave Anderson, Professional Wrestling's Forgotten Monster
Introduction
My House Still Wants me Dead
What TRULY Happened During The Seminal Tragedy
[Update] The Black Pills Part 5
A Prison Tattoo
The Catacomb Investigation
Dad's always watching
It's Watching Me
Forgiveness
It comes at 12:05
The Wild Hunt: Urban Style - Part 1
The Wild Hunt: Urban Style - Part 2
Au milieu
I'm volunteering at my old middle school. The job came with a very strange "code of conduct".
Coronavirus
The Caffeine Wyrm (Part 2)
The Caffeine Wyrm (Part 1)
If I try my absolute best to change and still fail, does that make me a bad person?
The red sky
The Mormon Church is Behind the Coronavirus
The door in my dreams is real
My Relative Could Make Your Worst Horror Fantasy Come to Life
Waiting for the bus stop
Tenant Rights Query #72
If You See Me, Whatever You Do, Please Don’t Make Eye Contact
Something horrible happened to me in the woods. I would like to share it with you guys.
There are sixteen hearts in my attic. A human sacrifice is required for the seventeenth.
I scheduled a trip to Sebastian Inlet, Florida with my wife. This is a warning...
The House with 100 Doors (Part 4): The Theater in the Clearing
I’m never hunting in those woods again
Me and my wife scheduled a trip to Sebastian Inlet, Florida. This is a warning. (4-Part Series)
My Sister was an ISIS Bride (Part One)
What if I told you that for every moment of your life, there has been someone there… watching
Ghost stuck in a bar?
100 Candles Paranormal Game
Monsters (Part 1 of 2) From the remains of a faded journal, a personal biography, written in shaky handwriting. What secret horrors did those first explorers uncover?
Confessions of a Twitch Girl (Part 2)
"I was stalked by versions of the grim reaper"
Cambridge just received a warning from their own past
creepy voice in hospital
I thought it was sleep paralysis
The deer man
Remembering how to whistle
I think im in purgatory
The shadow rider. (Star stable legend)
Fear The Unnerving
Our Cabin In The Woods
There’s someone in our hotel room..
Fireflies
I shouldn't be so good at surviving, but I am.
She wanted to communicate through the oija board. Part 2
UNKT578
My little brother Larry part 2"Please come quickly" - Unexplained Voicemails #1
L
My brother larry
I got sent large files of cctv footages in the form of a cold, flu and virus
Olivia
I traveled back to the Victorian Era, but the world I saw was nothing like in the history books.
I heard a thud,now it's coming..
I heard a thud,Now it's coming..
She wanted to communicate through the oija board.
The Friends I Met In Hell
I heard a thud,Now its after me..
I survived a plan crash 5 years ago. That was the easy bit (Final)
I woke up to a loud thud downstairs....Now I see them outside..
I am paid 7440$ a month to watch children undergoing mutation
Apparently it's not for me today
Part one.
Scary house story
The Ultra Experience
The Final Days
I'm not scared of you.
The Final Days ( Records of The End)
I made a deal for my dogs life
I'm not scared of you.
Until then...
This hiking trip turned out to be a major mistake. [PART 1]
Children of the Raven (Part 1)
Hobird
That Night
I remember the day they arrive
Why Not Me
Testimony of a Holocaust Survivor (Part Three) - Shadow Beneath the Angels Wing
My mom sent me to live with my uncle... But something followed me
I've been stuck in a time loop... but everyone remembers.
The Little Boy
Its called The Little Boy
I learned my lesson. I need your help
The reason why my cat was always staring at the wall
Project Physics
My Sister’s Tapes
So I summoned the AntiChrist ch1
My Roommate is a Haunted Doll (Part 6)
The Pacing Upstairs
I want to tell my mom that I’m atheist, but she is a dense “Christian” and doesn’t like when I don’t pray, read the Bible, etc. Anybody have any tips?
My posts are all auto-rejected... What the?
New Youtube Narration Channel for Nosleep / Scary Stories / Etc.
New Youtube Narration Channel for Nosleep / Scary Stories
CHUCKY
I work for a bourbon distillery and now I can never leave.
I Think My Neighbors are Sick Chapter 4: Atlanta
I got the most terryfying phone call, the police is still trying to identify the caller but cannot.
I think my friend was cloned
It had to have been my cousin, right?
I housesat for my aunts for a weekend before college. She lost a finger. I’m never going back.
My school is haunted
Children Of The Raven (1)
Many unnecessary steps to success. Level up!
It had to have been my cousin, right?
If I had known another person was there, I never would have gone.
The cats weren’t in my room
Don't Go In The Cellar Part 2 - This House Breathes
Don't Go In The Cellar
There's a reason you don't remember the Oregon wildfires
Hell hound bound
The perplexing story of “Me”
The perplexing story of “Me”
The slash ringing
Seven Years Ago I Made A Bargain With a Demon; One Murder Down, Five to Go
I received very creepy messages on my personal phone [no fake, it's not a story]
The slash ringing
Fixed
I entered an online contest where the winner got to “live a week in the life of an international assassin.” I won..
Blood Eagle
I Picked My Daughter Up From Daycare Today, I’m A Good Father
The only bridge out of my village was removed by the army and something is happening (Final)
How do you fix a broken home?
Join FitBud! [Final]
Skin
I'm trapped in a cinema, I don't have long
r/nosleep - I woke up to the apacolypse PART 1
TL;DR I woke up to the apoclypse 1
"Don't you see the blood?"
I took pills to die and instead gained Immortality Part 2
I found a child standing on my front porch. I should not have let him in.
The Midnight Meeting
I Got My Dead Friend's Journal In the Mail (Part 2)
Hello From My Sleep Paralysis
I Got My Dead Friend's Journal In The Mail
Flight Recorder pt 1 - a blog excerpt
The boy in the tree
Don't go walking in Colorado Mountains.
flight recorder, part 1 (a blog excerpt)
The rules to the Hall of Fortune.
The adventure of Jude Luden
A
[Final] I stopped for coffee this morning, and now I'm in a nightmare.
Somewhere on the Eastern Front
I found myself in a room filled with hands.
Paranormal Experience in the Forest
The Day The Rain Was Acid
My grandfather spoke dozens of languages. His final words were a warning in a language no-one’s heard of. GUTTERS: (PART 3)The House That Clicked
Misery's Holler ( Part 1)
A Letter On Wuhan - Corona, Inshallah
The Story Behind Wuhan - Corona, Inshallah
On-wards
My Brother Used to Race Sprint Cars
A Serial killer in my town is picking off teens one by one. I wish tht was the worst part
I'm a 'blind' gatekeeper of a historic landmark. (Part 1)
Old St.Nick
I'm a 'blind' historic landmark gatekeeper. (I)
Something from my crawl space responded..
The mirror ghost
Really scary story
I Got My Dead Friend's Journal In The Mail "Part 2"
I Got My Dead Friend's Journal In The Mail Part 2
She Used to Sing Me to Sleep
The Vatican conducted illegal human experiments during WWII, but only the Pope has access to the files. Until now. (part four)
It's not the Mirrors
The Cycle of The Four.
It`s all burning
The Contagion Complication
Confessions of a Twitch Girl
The Strange Case of Firewatch Tower 2 [Part 1]
I think i kill in my sleep (Part1)
The Contagion Complication
The Strange Case of Firewatch Tower 2 [Part 1]
I passed by the hospital every day
I was Attacked And Almost Killed By My Chair
The man in my basement.
We Clean up Scientific Mistakes - Final
I was attacked and almost killed by my "chair"
I never thought that the number 2 could be so scary
The Final Days (Records of the End)
Residents of Ohio, please consider relocating (part 2)
The shadows that follow me (Part1)
Manuscript(s) For The End Of The Universe (Ciphers: 6 - 18)
People are going missing and then getting replaced and I think I'm the only one that knows. [part 3]
The Doll And The Attic
The Contagion Complication
I fell asleep when our flight took off, but now I'm the only one awake. Something is seriously wrong.
My dog digs up strange things
Fixed
There's something strange in the fog [Part 6]
The darkest of nights can bring you strength, as long as you can believe it.
Hell hound bound
The only bridge out of my village was removed by the army and something is happening (Final)
My lab is home to something that shouldn't exist (Part 2)
Journal entry from my daughter.
I’m the caretaker for an old cinema. It’s haunted, and I’m leaving this guide for the next caretaker.
Tired ramblings of a 3 year old
It's trying to tell me when I'm going to die
Why I'll Never Swim Again
Pro Bowl Weekend Practice Interviews Full Transcript.
I found out the horrifying truth about my ex-boyfriend's favorite video game.
The Man in the Blue Sweater
Just remember, as you go around locking your doors tonight...
I first saw him a few days after they moved in.
The man and the corridor
The Contagion Coverup
Therapy from a gas station psychologist is a horrible idea. Curing you means erasing you from your life.
The Elevator Game
Who was on the Other Side of the Phone...???
The Demon River
Who is on the Other Side of the Phone...???
The Voice on the Other End.
Don't Go In The Cellar - Chase Reed
Fatty - reupload
Over The River And Through The Woods
Already dead
And the Lord came unto to me in a holy vision
My four year-old son is in pain; I'm worried this house is killing him
Unsettling Airbnb Incident--Some FBombs are dropped
Has anyone's vision ever been stuck?
It used to watch, but now it plays the game as well
REAL STORY HELP NEEDED!!
Changing seasons .askung you to love without reasons
My body is acting strange
It used to just watch, but now it plays that game as well.
Don’t Open Your Eyes.
The House Woke Up
Pennington HS takes highschool evil to another alarming level (pt. 1)
A̵l̸l̷ ̷t̵h̵e̶ ̷l̷o̸n̷e̶l̷y̷ ̴p̵e̸o̴p̷l̴e̴
I'm going to die again today.
I am a sub-contractor for an agency that fights monsters (Part 2)
Don’t do Business with the Man in the Tall Hat
My Brother Used to Race Sprint Cars
[Not a horror story] Does anyone have the audio file for the midnight ice cream trucks jingle?
Bivouac (part 2)
“Take my shadow”
“Take my shadow”
Dead Man Walking
Science Explains How Much Sleep We Really Need Depending on Our Age
Science Explains How Much Sleep We Really Need Depending on Our Age
I’ve bitten my nails for years but I’m sure this isn’t normal.
?!?What happened with/to The Strangest Security Tape I've Ever Seen?!?
?!?Whatever happened with The Strangest Security Tape I've Ever Seen?!?
I am a Berserker, and I think that saved my life.
I think my neighbors are sick: Chapter 4 Atlanta [final]
I think my neighbors are sick: Chapter 3 King County
If you scream in a forest, will anyone hear?The Doll Man
Received this creepy chain letter with this image attached
THE DOPPELGANGER
Got a weird chain letter from and anonymous number with this image
The Closet Is Dangerous
The Closet Is Dangerous
My Brother Tells Me It's Not Very Safe To Travel Alone. The "Rules of the Road" Say the Same.
My wife became friends with the new neighbor, she acts very different when my wife isn't around
Something keeps trying to fake my suicide.
Is This Real?
A̵l̸l̷ ̷t̵h̵e̶ ̷l̷o̸n̷e̶l̷y̷ ̴p̵e̸o̴p̷l̴e̴
Nameless
Hes dead
Join FitBud! [Part 4]
I think there is something dark going on at my uni and I don't know if I want to look into it
The Creeper (Part One)
The invention of sin
minecraft.exe
We had to make up scary stories to tell in class. One stood out from the rest..
The New House: Part 2
Minecraft.exe
I Got My Dead Friend's Journal In The Mail.
My dad got a new pet dog one day...and he soon regretted it.
The ball
I Lost My Virginity to My Girlfriend, It Turned Me into a Monster. Part 12
Long time reader 1st post.
You just need to search in google images "Cyclopia" before going to bed and you will can't sleep this night.
I Am Not Crazy
The Broken Man
Girl freaked me TF out when I met her, and I haven't seen her since.
The Man
I took pills to die and instead gained immortality (Part 2)
I am a sub-contractor for an agency that fights monsters (Part 2)
Armed robbery.
I was Put in Cryostasis When I Died. Today, I Woke up. (4)
A creepy Trump-like voice speaks on the phone I found on the street
Creepy Trump-like voice speaks on the phone I found on the street
It's not the Mirrors
I Led My AI to Human Level Self Awareness Now We Must Race To Save The World
I'll take my nightmares seriously from now on. (pt2)
Sleeping Paralysis Experience. 📷
I Am Not Crazy
That One Time My Friend Sent Me to Work at a Hell Factory
Wastewater Department
The Seatmate
I Need Help
Does anyone remember Creepypasta author /u/griefhopper? She has been tied to five murders in my hometown.
Ghost aren't as scary as you may believe
I heard someone at my front door and realized it wasn't my parents
Guy addicted to jacking off to Gore Videos!
Disembodied voices and alien visit
"You need to whisper"
Reaper
I'm a park security member and there are some things you must know (FINALE)
The Seatmate
‘Twas the Final Night After Christmas everything came to an end
The Seatmate
Spending a summer at Grandma's
We order food online hundreds of times, but this time it went horribly wrong
I Finally Met My Guardian Angel
[Update] I stopped for coffee this morning, and now I'm in a nightmare.
Thalassophobia Part 2
never look in a mirror 5 minutes after being rejected by your girlfriend
The Friends I Met In Hell
A Place We All Know
Is that a woman in your trunk or are you just happy to see me.
Has anyone had a lifetime or life-defining experience with ''the occult '' or simply the darkness ?
Witness
Silence
I help people commit suicide, but they have to convince me to do if first. [Final]
Highway 69
High 69
The First and Final Transmission
I found the endless hallway of infinite possibilities. (Part 1)
Sentenced to Life
My friend's family talked to a ghost
The Final Transmission
Mirror Image
Part 2. The scroll of Longinus: The Professors view on the scrolls authenticity has me very troubled
The Magician
REDACTED Files: The Mischief House
Raventown Part Three
I took pills to die and instead gained immortality
Lift your problems
I promised my wife I'd protect her from spiders. [6]
Fred is Back...
Things are getting weird
Why can't I wake up? - Part 2
I remeber something i dont think im supposed to
I think ive seen something i shouldn't have
How can you fix a broken home?
Fred’s Back...
How to Survive Camping: I can't believe we're talking about the lights yet again
My name is William Blithe, and I have 8 fingers left.
What I cannot undo
Stranger in the Dark
SAFER [Part 1}
The Wild Hunt: Urban Style (REVISED) - Part 1
The Wild Hunt: Urban Style (REVISED) - PART 2
I moved into a house... I think it's haunted... (based on a true event)Sentenced to Life
I just wanted to see her smile again
I just wanted to see mom smile again
What Lurks in the Dark
What have I become?
The Snow Angels
The man from the clouds
I’m going to kill myself
The Journal of The Gentleman: Blood, snow, and fear
Testimony of a Holocaust Survivor (Part Two)
What have I become?
No one's home, or alive, except me. Trailer+Sneak peek.
I am a sub-contractor for an agency that fights monsters (Part 1)
Didn't get any sleep from a really tall creature in my mom's garage.
The Zoo I worked at has strange rules and regulations. This is a story from the heart [Part 6]
The shushing in the olive patch
U
something is watching me sleep...
U
The ritual
A woman comes to the cinema I work at every night. She won’t leave.
the scariest thing that happened to me.
There's an abandoned town I always take shortcuts through
Everyone has a place in Paradise
There is Something in the Water
Never look into the mirror at midnight.....
The SCP Who Speaks With No Mouth
Where do they all come from?
Coyotes Scream like People
The Lake
We Clean up Scientific Mistakes - Part 2
The Thing That I Am
Red Eyed Soul Mates.
I saw an eye protruding through my keyhole.
someone got into my apartment and left food wrappers
I'm a private detective who has never solved a case. My reputation rests on covering up a murder.
Join FitBud! [Part 3]
I’ve read about sleep paralysis but never thought i would be a victim of it
A New England Forest Legend
Paper
Does anyone know what nosleep I’m talking about?
I got pictures of a guy creeping around my neighborhood last night
My name is Maya Ben-Alonth, I am an Israeli Shabak Agent. My life has gotten a bit strange… so today I began investigating.
Late Night Laundry
Why Did The Moon Disappear? [Part One]
You don't die of old age (Part 1)
Why Did The Moon Disappear? [True Story] (part one)
The Door To Hell
Failed suicide attempts. (Kinda new at writing)
The press lied about the Jonestown suicides
When death yearns for death.
Why'd You Let Him In?
Failed suicide attempts
The Strobe
Eternal Bride
Welcome to the Panic Room.
Are the stories here real?
There is nobody left /log1\
I'm Joshua Jackson, and I've seen some shit. (Part 1: The Hum)
I’ve been working at a strange daycare for a while now. Here are my stories.
The Door in the Mountain
'Twas the Twelfth Night After Christmas All Washed in the Flood
I'm the Metro Keeper. It's not as lonely as you'd think.
Never Talk To Strangers
My Encounter With a Forest Creature
The Vatican conducted illegal human experiments during WWII, but only the Pope has access to the files. (part three)
I'm the Metro Keeper. It's not as lonely as you'd think.
Who Is There?!
My name is Lydia Poole, and today I’m risking everything.
Breathless Bonnie
The Silencing Howls
Is Someone There?
You have been warned.
it’s the end of the world yet i’m the only one left...
There's a hole in the sky.
IT IS A RUSSIAN STORY!
You have been Warned.
Have you ever locked eyes with Death?
There's a hole in the sky.
So yeah the environment is dying from Climate Change
They're Under The Ground
You have been warned.
I stopped for coffee this morning, and now I'm in a nightmare.
The press lied about the Jonestown suicides
Have you ever locked eyes with Death?
Satan is fucking me
Straszne Opowieści - Nieznajomy na drodze [PL]
Can I narrate your stories?
Satan is fucking me
The creature
I accidentally logged out, help?
This is how I become you
Nosleep, what's the best way to kill a cat?
“Fred” The Hoodie Man [Part 1]
I Can See People's Auras, and so I Can See Evil People.
Every Night In Your Bedroom... I warn you
Every Night In Your Bedroom. I WARN YOU (kinda freaked me while writing it) Take it seriously though
If The Power Goes Out at 4:21am, There’s A Reason Why.
My Imagination is trying to kill me... and my girlfriend now hates me.
You're Not Alone In The DarkEvery Night In Your Bedroom... I Warn you "Christmas Horror Story"
Mysterious Phone Calls
We found a scroll containing an eye witness account of the Crucifixion. I really hope it is not true
People are going missing and then getting replaced and I think I'm the only one that knows. Help. [part 2]
The Stick Man
14. My Kid Summoned A Demon, Now I’m The Queen Of Hell. (Final)
Bivouac (part 2)
Bivouac (part 1)
I Have to Believe in God, Because I Know Satan is Real
What’s in a dream?
I travel Dimensions, I am starting to think something is crossing over part 2 update
Wait... 4 it...
The Bathroom Man
The Alarm Went Off, But It Wasn't Mine. Part 2
Imagery [part 2]
One day of school I walked alone, I saw something strange happened.
This is a letter I got from my friend.
They're Under The Ground
We found a scroll containing an eye witness account of the Crucifixion. I really hope that it is not true
I hearing... what?
They're Under The Ground
My name is William Blithe, and i'm here to warn you.
We found an unchartes island in the middle of the Arctic Ocean and now we're stranded here (part 2)
Who I don’t like my grandmas house
I think something from the factory followed me home...
The boy that met my parents
The lies were too much..
My Father always spoke figuratively
I'm a Paranormal Investigator. I Have a Few Stories for You Guys
Man from the clouds
Night of the Trailer Park Beast
Backrooms_Enter.docx [Part 3]
I'm a Paranormal Investigator and I Have Stories to Share
My Husband's Murderer
Weird running noises at around 3 am
Your New Life
Where Canceled Cartoons Go
[Update] The Black Pills Part 11
The road which we all must walk
My closet has something in it and its not normal
The Spite I Felt, the Spite I Loved, the Spite He Won't Forgive
My senile mother wrote me a poem on her deathbed. I think it was a prophecy for the extinction of Man.
It didn't seem that strange back then, but in hindsight...
teen porn hd
The Human The Monsters Fear
My sister's ex
Who the Hell Would Bury a Mannequin in the Woods?
My Worst Subway Experience
Non-effective “Hooded Man” ritual, something else
We discovered a scroll containing an eye witness account of the Crucifixion. I really hope what is mentioned isn't true
I got pictures of a guy creeping around my neighborhood last night
My body is acting strange
Hooded Man ritual
My Sister’s Tapes
Pro Bowl interview session featuring NFC players.
The New House
My Sister’s Tapes
My Sister’s Tapes
I was Put in Cryostasis When I Died. Today, I Woke up. (3)
The Blindspots
H̴̨̧̡̡̢̛̼̼̘̭̖̠̯͈̦̪̱̦͓̫͓̗͔̩͉̣̳͈̦̜̝͈̜̖̲̮̠̰͕̩̥̖͈̗͈̥̉́̋̊͌͛̔̓̐̔̂̒̽͂͑̋̓̋̽̀̓̎͆̈͐̉̀́̉͒̿̉͒͋̈́̆̅͂̅̿̑̑̅̏͋͑͌̀̇̂̓͌̾̔̿͐̑̃̎̈́̄̌̇́̄̌͂̅̊̿̽̚͝͝͝͠ͅ3̸̨̢̛̝̼̺̱̭͎̣̮͍̼̯̹̘̰͙̼͇̼̭̺̗̻̙͕͕̟̟̖̳͖͉̦͔̲͔͙̮̇͑̒̋̀͗̌̀̒́̍̓̿̽̑̽͋̔͊͛͛͋̀͒͐̊̓̋̅͒̔̓͂̉̽͐̿͛̊̐̆̈́̈́̀̓̔̽̈́̂͌͘͘͘̕͜͜͜͝͝͝lp
I had rabies for six years. Doctors tried to cure me using the Milwaukee Protocol.
I’ve been working at a strange daycare for a while now. Here are my stories.
Join FitBud! [Part 2]
Beware of the moving key hole
heyo
My Sister’s Tapes
To Emilia, with Love and Worry
My Sister’s Tapes
Thalassophobia
Sure, Anti-Vaxxers Are Bad... But Have You Met My Aunty Vaxxers?
Thalassophobia
Paper 1460 by Sarah
Somehow Infected
Turn Around
“It’s not time”
How a night out turned into a game of hide or be killed.
My friend warned me to never try lucid dreaming. Now I believe him.
Please help
There's a creature running around in my small town, and I think someone knows about it.
My friend warned me to never try lucid dreaming. Now I believe him.
I may be possessed
Satan is my husband
The Glitch (Part Five)
My name is Maya Ben-Alonth, I am an Israeli Shabak Agent. My life has gotten a bit strange…but I’m definitely physically healthy and probably not insane.
Mutterings From Beyond
my father made me do boxing to improve my maths skills
Every time I sleep I try to kill myself.
There is a Monster in my Allotment
Chronicles From A Hidden World: The Town of Toys
Just a Dream
I'm a park security member and there are some things you must know (Part 12)
I am hiding under a desk with no escape
Perfection
How I Got A Bullet In The Mail (Part 4) FINAL
I live next to the Lake of Blood and need some advice
‘Twas the Eleventh Night After Christmas a choice went to waste
No sleep.
BabyShoes; Neverworn
LoranceBabyshoes; Neverworn.
I thought they were just nightmares... but they're real.
I watched a man commit suicide outside my house. He does it every night.
Lorance
UniSpartz
The Misfortune of an Unwanted Visitor
Coming Home
My grandfather spoke dozens of languages. His final words were a warning in a language no-one’s heard of. GUTTERS: PART 2
The Other Mother
She wasn't who she said she was... I barely escaped alive.
The day my mother died.
Stevie pie
I am starting to become increasingly worried by my neighbor
Who the F beside me?
The Knight of Silence
Run, Motherfucker
This actually happened to me
I keep hearing my dead brother
All the lonely people.
I promised my wife I'd protect her from spiders. [5]
Stuck in the house under quarantine
Hair remover
2nd week of college classes have me like.
People are going missing and then getting replaced and I think I'm the only one that knows. Help.
13. My Kid Summoned A Demon, Now I Command The Armies Of Hell.
We all thought that if he was removed, he would leave peacefully...
The Tragedy of the Wayward Daughter
Self Reflection
Fate's Tale
Strange Things Happen In My Hometown. I Have Some Stories To Tell (Part 4)
Fate's Tale (Older short story of mine, circa 2015)
The Tragedy of the Wayward Daughter
I Think There's Something Wrong With The Tour Guide at The Local Museum
We lost the voodoo doll my grandmother left us. My southern soul prays that we find it again.
My mother told me not to go to that house
Hellhound (Part One)
E
Some Things Arent Worth Finding
If You See A Ford Tempo GL In a Wal-Mart Parking Lot, You Must Follow This "Rule of the Road"
I'm A New Health Inspector(Finale)
Imagery
The Man Named Mister Pavor (Part 1)
Chip prizes
The rain-walking man
The walking man (First Creepypasta)
Your New Life
The walking man (first creepypasta)
Darkness
So I have had a headache for weeks (Part 6)
I helped my best friend commit murder, and the guilt is killing me.
Tales From A Lonely Motel 4
There's A Lot That We Don't Understand
The judge
We found an uncharted island in the Arctic Ocean and now we're stranded here. (Part 1)
I think there is a someone in my house
What are paranormal entities?...
She sold happiness in glass jars
The Government Hate
Home alone
The Hitchhiker
Just read Borrasca
The Porcine Horror - 1st part
The Porcine Horror - 2nd part
The Clown at my door
I Thought That Discovering Aliens was the Future of Humanity, but I was Wrong
Goner...
My Paranormal/Strange Experiences
The Government Hate Pt 1
Creepy dude.
The Hatch (2)
A storms warning.
Anybody else? Find them
I was backpacking on the Pacific Crest trail. I won't be returning.
History repeats itself
A Simple Experiment Showed Us the Twisted Nature of Reality
Join FitBud!
Let Us In
Help !!!
Mercy Me, How could i Sleep?
Don’t Let Him In
The Porcine Horror (Second Half)
The Porcine Horror (First Half)
i was kidnapped
There was knocking on my door now, there's knocking outside my room.
We tried to invent time travel but something went wrong... Pt. 1
The Case of the Missing MedField Patient (PART 2)
I don't think it's was just my mother putting a prank on me...
Something Loves Me
Yes
Civil Alert.
Companionship Bots: The Cure to Your Modern-Day Loneliness!
My wife talks in her sleep. What she says sometimes terrifies me.
At night, she visited me from beyond the mirror
Ixodida, the Tick
I smell lightning
Does anyone remember Nosleep author /u/griefhopper? She has been tied to five murders in my hometown.
I've been having trouble sleeping
The Lake View Broadcasting Station Log's Part 2
There's Something Living in My Storage Unit
Those demons broke my babyWhy is no one talking about this?
Have You Ever Heard the Story of the Magnolia House?
The street dogs in my locality bark furiously every night at 3 am
I keep getting sent letter which are not for me but for my organs
My Niece has a Friend
I Still Can’t Explain What Happened at CP 317.2 Maxon
My father's secret
My father's secret
Exterminator's Handbook 3020 Edition 1 - Introducion and Chapter One: The Common Slime [Part 1]
The girl in the white dress
Backrooms_Enter.docx [Part 2]
Residents of Ohio, please consider relocating
My dad (2)
Ancient gods contacted me, I should not have listened.
Without Words.
I Still Can’t Explain What Happened at CP 317.2 Maxon
When I was younger (I'm 16 now), I once saw an image that has continued haunting me.
I’m a Retired Priest. Over the years I’ve heard hundreds of confessions. This is the one that stuck with me
The Glowing on the Road, 1996.
Nights like these, who needs sleep?
Should I kill somebody?
We Clean up Scientific Mistakes
My grandfather spoke dozens of languages. His final words were a warning in a language no-one’s heard of.
The VooDoo Doll
What is going on?
I think I'll take my nightmares seriously from now on. (pt1)
Lost then Found, yet Forgotten?
What's the truth behind the "Twelve mysterious and identical stores open on my street. What could be happening?"
Lost then found, yet forgotten?
Twelve mysterious and identical stores open on my street. What could be happening?
Unwanted Spirit Guide
In the attic.
The cost of knowledge
Unwanted Spirit Guide (NSFW)
My Girlfriend Can't Sleep
The Well
The judge
The sun dies out in a few hours, I accepted it
The time I could have been murdered !
Crimson Forrest
Fussy sleeper
I promised my wife I'd protect her from spiders. [4]
I just sat there crying.
Im struck in what seems to an infinite death loop
Please listen to this my real story.
Rejects
He's not who he says he is.
The window
Mimic
Radio Broadcast
Hellhound (Part One) By Mac McCormick
He could feel her again
I went to a place I never should have gone.
I survived a plane crash 5 years ago. That was the easy bit. Day 2.
They Heard a Scream
12. My Kid Summoned A Demon, Now I’m Different
An unknown cartoon studio.
Dios de la Lujuria
Whisper.exe
The Bridge Experiment - 1
the problem with my old place
Hopps
I'm A New Health Inspector(Part 3)
Beach Day
Define "Stalker"
Just me
My dog gave birth to a litter of kittens. Then they grew bat wings.
The Case of the Missing MedField Patient (PART 1)
Skin Car
What was your "supernatural" experience that turned out to be "natural" after all.
I've been followed by ghosts my whole life, its getting worse
Testimony of a Holocaust Survivor (part one)
Barbie and Ken, a story of devotion ch2
The last words of a dying patient
Them - Part II
Them (Part II)
The Nightmare
Game of The Year
My cousin has a doppelgänger
Backrooms_Enter.docx [Part 2]
The Last Man
Commandment Zero: “Thou shalt not disturb those which came before you, for they hold the key to both your rise and your demise.”
Regarding Your Negative Job Interview with Lukewarm Star
Journal of a Holocaust Survivor (part one)
Journal of a Holocaust Survivor (part one)
How I Met My Best Friend.
Lost Horizons Discord
The Invasion
I think my neighbors are sick chapter 3 "King County"
I think my neighbors are sick part 3 (King County)
I was Put in Cryostasis When I Died. Today, I Woke up. (2)
Why is it so difficult to fall asleep in a new house.
It Won’t Leave Me Alone And I Don’t Know What To Do
I Was Follo
I Travel Dimensions, I am starting to think something is crossing over.
"Open Me"
Rat Isle
im stuck in a infinite dead loop
The Truth of What We Are
Ghost StoriesWhat they don't teach you in Firefighter training
Ap chem Test and Subject book
P
Have you ever seen someone bleed out in space?
Governmental Security Ratings.
Have you ever seen someone bleed out in space?
I’m a prostitute, and my latest John asked me to do something strange
My Starfish
Am I Being Paranoid, Or is Everyone Trying to Kill Me?
I Hear The Monsters’ Sound
i was sitting in my bedroom wich is on the bottom floor and i was woken up in the night. it was tapping from the window, i assumed it was a crackhead from the pub across the street but when i looked out of my window i was horrified because i was not expecting to se me on the other side, smiling.
Our neighbor's dogs are stalking me and my mother.
I Make People Happy [2]
The Weirdest Minutes of my Life
The note about Him from a man forgotten to time
Family reunion?
The Monster in the Woods
Don't Piss off the Missionaries
Sleepover Story
The Case That Keeps Me Up at Night, Part 7: There's a Science to Walking Through Windows
My dog gave birth to a litter of kittens. Then they grew bat wings.
Please help
Lilliana
The clock people's eyes.
I Decide To Check On An Abandoned Room In My Hospital And Now I'm Being Chased By A Failed Experiment
The day I almost died
True Story, no joke it actually happened
This Asylum Was Only Visited Once
I was walking down the road one day
This Asylum was only visited Once
فيروس كورونا
The Shadow
I don't age, and this is how it happened... [1]
Ancestral Duties
I'm a park security member and there are some things you must know (Part 11)
Wendigo
My imagination is trying to kill me Pt 1
The Lake View Broadcasting Station Log's Part 1
Kammie
Visions [Part 1]
The Black Demon
Visions [Part 1]
the Netflix .T.V. show that takes over your life
Sure, Anti-Vaxxers Are Bad... But Have You Met My Aunty Vaxxers?
The Insanity Project Test #38
Please help, I was reading a story an now I cant find it. I dont remember the name an I really wanna finish it. Help
Insanity Project Test #38
I heard the saxophone of Erich Zann
The Inheritance Game - This is what someone would be willing to do for $300 million. [Final]
Turns out my Pastor has been lying about his Near Death Experience.
The Vatican conducted illegal human experiments during WWII, but only the Pope has access to the files. Until now. (Part two)
He was always watching. He was the reason for our downfall. He could be yours too
The Man Who Finds Lost Things
What's Buried In The Pines
My lab is home to something that shouldn't exist .
The darkness, Inside Out
Rules for staying one night in my house
Sleeping Hell
I can't put my phone down. The horrorrrr!! The end.
Things That Go "Beep" in the Night
Chopped Meat
She's here.
Don't Take the Long Way
Chopped Steak
My pet dog tried to warn me
My alarm clock broke last month and so something else decided to be my alarm clock
Everyone thought if he was removed, he'd go peacefully.
My pet dog tried to warn me
The man made my sister come back to life but something is not right.
Raventown Part Two
Raventown Part One
I promised my wife I'd protect her from spiders. [3]
Raventown (2/5)
Raventown (2/5)
Something chases me in my dreams. When I wake up it gets closer.
My father used to watch storms.
A Rose in the Mail
She was always by my side.
I got trapped in a haunted abandoned assylum (true story)
Backrooms_Enter.docx [Part 1]
Why can't I wake up? - Part 2
As A Child, I Lived in a Haunted House. I Think it Might Help to Share My Stories (Part 2)
Fix Me
Cerber: A Mundane Chronicle [PART 9]
Fix me
They Heard a Scream
Chased by a secret organization masked as a wrestling faction.
WorldCorp enterprises return
WorldCorp enterprises returns?
My Mother
The Truth Was Hidden Behind The Walls
The devil's popcorn is just crispy flesh. I couldn't stop eating despite the consequences.
The House on the Hill
11. My Kid Summoned A Demon, Now He’s… Changing.
I'm staying in a small town in Michigan, the residents seem to have multiple personalities
The Knocking
My son was diagnosed with terminal cancer. I made a deal to save him
The Starved Man
I will bring back my family
The Thing Between The TreesMy Worst Job Interview Came Back to Haunt Me and I Need to Warn You
I need to let him in
I'm Trapped In A Hospital, And I'm Not Alone [Pt5]
I'm Trapped In A Hospital, And I'm Not Alone [Pt5&amp;6]
A Whole New Man (Part 1)
I'm A New Health Inspector(Part 2)
I'm A New Health Inspector(Second Post)
My teenage daughter went missing about a year ago, I just received a text from her kidnapper.
The revenge app
I wish I kept seeing the same dentist.
The Child-Eater [Part 1]
Apartments for Rent at Cold Storage. Please Join Me.
Cold
I Own a Tape That Changes Each Time I Watch It
The Living Painting
No matter how curious you are, NEVER play waltz of the dead.
My dead dad showed me how he died
My pet dog tried to warn me
Looking for new renters at Cold Storage.
HELPPPPPP
Don't buy a weighted blanket
Don't listen
Lungdrinker
Boxing made me good at maths, English and science
My encounters with the forest PT.1
My pet dog tried to warn me
?
I Make People Happy [2]
Underneath me
I am Amada Castle. I have taken up the mantle.
I Kill Monsters for an Interdimensional Government. Here are some Stories. (Part 6)
???
I cant sleep
You see the Mark. Part Two.
I woke up in the middle of the woods. I think something bad is going to happen to a small town in South Dakota.
Doug Walker in My House???!?????
I Make People Happy [1]
The Deep Corner
Listen to me.
Please stop the knocking.
The Glitch (Part Four)
The Glitch (Part Four)
My Team Brought A Mummy's Voice Back To Life
There's something strange in the fog [Part 5]
The Curious House of Curious Children
It’s not just ancient viruses we’re finding as the Tibetan Glaciers melt. Something else was trapped in there with them.
Fighting and learning to Survive Demons (Part 5)
I'm a Prophet, and so is my Friend.
Red Star
LFS
The Game
‘Twas the Tenth Night After Christmas we started to sink
I'm an Illusionist by Trade, My Sins have caught up with Me
Something was in my room last night
Indian Jokar
I have an otherworldly stalker
If you mess with dumpster divers in Russia you may regret it
The Videotape That Makes You Bleed
The Inheritance Game - What exactly would you be willing to do for $300 million? [Part 4]
The door at the bottom of the 2nd floor
Someone or something is following me
Them
The Sun's Not Coming Up
The Child-Eater [Part 1]
The Child-Eater [Part 1]
The Lover Who Committed A Crime [Part 1]
There’s a sickness spreading through my small town. I think it summoned something terrible.
The Bell in the Woods
The door at the bottom of the 2nd floor
Become a Cop, They Said. It'll Be Fun, They Said.
3 ชั่วโมง เสียงฝนตกฟ้าร้อง กล่อมนอน คลายเครียด , เสียงฝนตกฟ้าร้อง กล่อมน...
You have been selected to be the night guard of my mansion... Forever.
Voicemail
Congratulations, you will be the night guard of our private mansion.
I think my neighbor is slowly going insane.
Im a cute alien centipede
There's Something Wrong With The Children
November 13th, 1943
POW hell [Part 1]
The Lover Who Killed [Part 1]
The Lover Who Killed [Chapter 1]
The Lover Who Killed [Chapter 1]
I've always been Superman to them.
Hey guys who experienced paranormal activities. what is you story?
Dingoes ate my baby!
Dingoes are my baby!
Running From The White Monster.
Running From the White Monster. (All those years ago.)
Her Name was Anna
No empathy here
2:19 am.
2:19
The Camel's Back
Waiting together
The man in the corner
my brother has been missing for four days now
If You Get A Call From An Unknown Caller Late at Night While Driving, Follow This "Rule of The Road"
I kept seeing a corpse of a woman
these people have no name
these people have no nameI used to deliver lost luggage from the airport. This suitcase is why I quit.
these people have no name
I help people commit suicide but they have to convince me to do it first. [14]
A dark place
I think my girlfriend is paranormally sensitive.
Don't go to the Pacific Cafe
Sleep paralysis
Something otherworldly opened up in the crack of the Earth...
M E M O R I E S : A SHORT HORROR ADVENTURE BY - Khalid Nas
Void of the Serpent
It showed me the Abyss
I shot up a school, went back in time, and now I'm talking with my victims (1)
Void of the Serpent
It's worse than I thought
Death
Death
I think I have a yandere stalking me
I Bought a Glass Eye Off of the Dark Web... I Can Now See Things... I See Things No Human Being Should Ever See.
Misophonia
Come Test Yourself Against the New God with Lukewarm Star
Satan isn’t evil, but rather tortured.
I think it's worse than I thought
The murderer
A crossing rule
Cinnamon Rolls
Cinnamon Rolls
whats happening?!?!
I brought her camping to tell her a terrible secret but something happened.. pt.1
I'm A New Health Inspector
I Found a Diary in the Woods Part 2
What the hell was on that trail camera? [Part 4]
Part 11 - The Cat Sìth Incident
I'm addicted to death row. I thought everything was a joke until my cellmate died.
What the hell was on that trail camera? [Part 4 Final]
Isolation part 2
I'm a park security member and there are some things you must know (Part 10)
Hey friends, so I wrote this lil horror story based of the thesis of my compilation of about three other pieces of writing.
Isolation
Found some creepy-cool tapes about Showbiz Pizza and decided to transcribe them—Part 2
I've Been Known to Practice Some Unlicensed Dentistry
Hey friends, so I wrote this lil horror story based of the thesis of my compilation of about three other pieces of writing.
Everything You Know About the Academy Awards is a Lie
I think I have an Idea on whats going on now
I think my neighbors are sick part 2
The Horror of Camp Tranquility Meadows
I found what was in the walls
The Social Experiment - Final
A Safe Place to Live
I don't know if you guys have ever heard the stories of Route 24
Never work again.
Quick easy cash isn't always that easy...
Everything we dream of actually exists somewhere. I learned that the hard way
Autonomous Sensory Murderous Response
My experience in "The Backrooms"
So, Cerberus Showed Up At My Door. He's Actually a Very Good Boy.
Whatever you do... DONT follow it. (Part 2)
The last week in the apartment
The tracker pinged in Provo Utah
Killer Clown at School
There was a freight ship that sank in the Atlantic, it wasnt because of pirates- Part 3
I'm Trapped In A Hospital, And I'm Not Alone [Pt 5]
The Snow on Corpus
Always around 3am
I was Put in Cryostasis When I Died. Today, I Woke up.
wrong note
I'm Trapped In A Hospital, And I'm Not Alone [Pt5 Reupload]
The Initiation (part 1)
It just has to be done
Blue Eyes
Found some creepy-cool tapes about Showbiz Pizza and decided to transcribe them—Part 2
Maria on the Moon
[video] I almost got kidnapped
Where the Darkness Howls
I Work Over Night at Lowe’s and There Are some Strange Things That Happen There: Part 6
The Pandora Files: Case Unknown
I promised my wife I'd protect her from spiders. [2]
Engaged to a Monster
There was a freight ship that sank in the Atlantic, it wasnt because of priates-Part 3
The Australian Fires Uncovered an Ancient Horror
‘Twas the Ninth Night After Christmas I fought to the last
My Diabolical Self | Part 8: Arthen
Whatever you do... DONT follow it.
Grief Eater
My encounters of the forest
Aliens are real, but the story is boring
I had a dream about a Wendigo...
The Teacher
My grandpa, a retired homicide detective, told me about one last case before he passed
I Apparently Have a Ghost Trying to Haunt Me - Advice? Part 4
There's Something in Linda's Office
I almost got eaten by a four legged monster
Hitcher's Peak
I almost got killed by a human shaped monster on 4 legs
The Vatican conducted illegal human experiments during WWII, but only the Pope has access to the files. Until now.
How sleep deprival made me hallucinate
The Inheritance Game - What exactly would you be willing to do for $300 million? [Part 3]
Killer Clown at School
Shadows came to my town at night, and they are killing everyone [Part 2]
A girl walked out of the woods
Out of Character...Quick QuestionI hate adverts on youtube videos
A Broken Shield.
I ventured onto a road nobody drives on. I think something followed me back.
This one tab doesn't want to close...
I promised my wife I'd protect her from spiders. [2]
10. My Kid Summoned A Demon, Now I’m Not Sure He’ll Forgive Me.
Demons are real
It was her
The Truth Behind Hipster Potato
Coyote’s aren’t what you think...
The blue cats stare.
My Truck Won't Start, Someone Help Me
The Burned Photo [FINAL]
Spoil
Something In My Room
My Friend Emailed Boothworld Industries
I survived a plane crash 5 years ago. That was the easy bit (part 1)
I survived a plane crash 5 years ago. That was the easy bit (Day 1)
The Passenger Side Window
The alarm went off but it wasn't mine.
Questioning My Reality
The guards weren’t there that night
I need help identifying an episode of Scooby-Doo
Coyote’s aren’t what you think...
Waking up outside plus dark nightmares
A weird, deleted, and downright horrifying subreddit.
For some reason I feel lung pain
Darkness
Woke up outside my apartment sleeping in my boxers in hallway in front of my door
Survivor of Bus 17 (Part 2)
I helped my childhood best friend commit murder, and I can’t handle the guilt anymore.
Is anyone else experiencing this weird iPhone glitch?
I’ve had a Stalker For Three years and Never Knew Until He Rear Ended Me (Part 3)
I think my neighbors are sick
I’ve had a Stalker For Three years and Never Knew Until He Rear Ended Me (Part 4)
I Summoned the Flayed Twins... This is How I Survived.
something is going on at the house across the street
I think my neighbors are sick
Highwaymen
The Ghost In My Dreams
I can move my eyes around my face...but not very easily
Here Comes the Void
I shouldn’t have snooped in my best friends room...
The Tall Man
My mom was nearly killed by her deranged stalker
I Found a Diary in the Woods Part 1
I work for the FBI and help train cannibals. One of them escaped and killed five people.
Maria on the Moon
Mother Mary's Scary Halloween Ferry
The stalker. This is my very first time writing a story.
Sorry, Wrong Number
I found a patient's notebook buried in the rubble of an old asylum (Part 3)
I found a patient's notebook buried in the rubble of an old asylum (Part 3 - Final)
The world ended. This is the story of my final journey [part 1]
Please, just don’t open your eyes.
Why can't I wake up?
My friend warned me over a virus on april 1st but im now convinced that he isn't lying
Found some creepy-cool tapes about Showbiz Pizza Place and decided to transcribe them—Part One
QUIET VOICES FROM THE PAST
What the hell was on that trail camera? [Part 3]
My son was involved in a suicide game on the dark web.
Hell
Something happened
Ellie
The Killer Song.
I've Been to Area 51: Its Very Bad
The Cursed Child
Alexa, how much time is left?
My boyfriend isn't speaking Japanese anymore
I became a demon, and now I don't have much time left.
Curse of The Revenant: Chapter 1: Awoken
My Sleep Paralysis Has Taken A Terrifying Turn Part 2
Disappearing Act
I'm Trapped In A Hospital, And I'm Not Alone [Pt5]
There Was a freight ship that sank in the Atlantic, it wasnt because of pirates- Part 2
Alone with my thoughts...
My Mother Left - She Birthed a Monster
UNDERSWAp the tale. Chapter 1: chara the pooper
Reggie did it
My brother was a killer by age 14, but things are getting worse.
The Social Experiment - Part 3
What not to do when home alone
Some guy asked me to help him cook last night, and boy do I regret it
Just push the button
My childhood home hates me
We finally caught the arsonist in our town but he claims someone more sinister is to blame...
‘Twas the Eighth Night After Christmas I couldn’t make things right
The Meds.
Just curious
Help me break my boyfriend's video game addiction
I’ve been being followed since childhood, I don’t think it’s human
Pictures with my son
P.T.S.D
I have a strange, albeit almost magnetic feeling about one of my costumers
Halyava Pridi / How I Passed My Exams Without Studying
I’m Pretty Sure My Reflection Is An Imposter
The devil didn’t make me do it—he simply asked me to.
I'm a park security member and there are some things you must know (Part 9)
Story of my restless Grandfather
The Piano in the WoodsThe night terrors P-1
The cabin up in Appalachia
The Unquiet Grave - the spine-chilling tale behind the Lafayette scandal (Part 1)
The Whispering Grandfather
I visited the glow-worm caves in New Zealand, but I think something followed me back.
The Empty Rooms
[March 13, 2025]
The adventure of Jude Luden
Psyche
The Halloween Dance No One Forgot…or left (Part 2)
Awakening
I promised my wife I'd protect her from spiders. [1]
I abused our dog and got away with it
An insanely long high school story: also an apology to a girl I liked/was obsessed with
Looking for female voice actors for a podcast.
House of Shadows
Thought Experiment
A Sweet Lie
A Few Interesting Things
The Little Girl in the Cabinet
The Burned Photo [Part 17]
I Found a Diary in the Woods Part 1
I Found a Diary in the Woods Part 1
9. My Kid Summoned A Demon, Now I’m Not Feeling So Great
Im writing this in hopes of reaching anyone Afflicted. You are not alone.
The Empty Rooms
My local theater recently screened a film called "Mr. Blank." (Part 5)
I Found a Diary in the Woods part 1
CONTACT
If you're reading this, it's already after you.
How to Survive Camping: Rule #5 - the gray world
Hibernaculum of the Unsleeping
I'm becoming something... unnatural.
The Dyatlov Incident
When you see 666 car plate number RUN!
666 meaning?
Always Face Away From Elevator Doors
Close-mouthed
Close-mouthed
The Farmhouse
If You See a Single Shoe On the Side of the Road, "The Rules of the Road" State You Must Do This
Bug Reports for APPLICATION_REDACTED
Want more horror in your life? I have just the thing for you.
[APPLICATION_REDACTED] Bug Reports
House of Shadows
Teaching a man to fish.
House of Shadows
The stalker (my first story) (not a true story)
The stalker (My first story)
Their eyes
The Stranger
I Lost My Virginity to My Girlfriend, It Turned Me into a Monster. Part 11
Their eyes (rewritten with fixed grammar)
Alone with my thoughts...
DON’T open your eyes.
Deliveries
Ommetaphobia
Weird Things Happen on Idlewild St [Part 1]
We were Followed by a Mysterious Car
I Want To Be Great
Tear The Heart
I went for a drive late last night, turns out I wasn't alone
I'm Trapped In A Hospital, And I'm Not Alone [Pt4]
Sister, dear.
I bought a custom candle and now I'm screwed
Cursed By the BEKs
MOTHER... She is the One Who Comes for Unloved Children. I Know this as I am One of Them.
Rapper almost nvr existed
They live in the ocean
I saw it at night
A target back from the dead
I think a ghost led my son to her body pt 1
Seeing Monsters
There are still prisoners at Alcatraz. You just have to know where to look. (FINALE)
The day I quit my job as a contract killer
I Bury the Living.... Confessions of a Gravedigger.
Night has finally fallen on my first day on the job at Disney World... (10) --End of Part 1--
I Bury the Living...
I can move my eyes around my face...but not very easily.
The Skin Between Them
The Skin Between Us
The SuperMarket Memoirs 20: Blow-Out
Welcome to the Carnival.
When I play music, the smell of blood follows
I'm a priest. I discovered purgatory is a place you visit many times before death.
Whenever I play music, the smell of blood follows.
Locked in ikea
most amazing weight loss treatment EVER!!!
If you hear a car alarm late in the night don't bother to check it
Starving
I think something is living in the basement
The Not-People In The Snow
I found two cameras in Yosemite - Pt 5 *Final*
Locked in ikea
The Ikea Experience (This is my first story so sorry if it's bad)
Them
Started narrating the creepy pasta series "I'm a Search &amp; Rescue Officer"
I Think I Am The End Of The World
She ran with the wolves
House in the woods (True Story - my experience)The ghost dice game
Mirrors are not toys.
Once you feed it, it will come back
Under no circumstances DO NOT open your eyes
If you ever visit India, do as I tell you (Part 2)
Weird Things Happen on Idlewild St [Part 1]
Weird Things Happen on Idlewild St [Part 2]
Someone keeps leaving gifts at my doorstep, and the names of people they want dead
I can move my eyes around my face. Help?
Leaked work log found on the web
Wired Scary Spongebob story I wrote in 6th grade. Check it out
I lost 12 hours - third update
Your a pussy
The restaurant across the street from me must have the best trash
I'm either going crazy, or my house may be haunted.
Weird Things Happen on Idlewild St [Part 1]
There was a freight ship that sank in the Atlantic, It wasnt because of pirates
There's something strange in the fog [Part 4]
‘Twas the Seventh Night After Christmas there was nothing to save
There was a freight ship that sank in the pacific. It wasn’t because of Pirates
The prison I’m in is a front for something far, far worse [Part 3]
It’s never a mannequin (or is it?)
To keep my son safe I prayed to anyone that would listen. His new guardian angel makes me wish I hadn’t
Don’t be afraid of the dark
Teleportation For Idiots
Shadow man
Open Your Eyes
A motel creepypasta
The Inheritance Game - What exactly would you be willing to do for $300 million? [Part 2]
Im being held againts own will
Everything and nothing and answers for questions of nothing.
My experiences on the old farm!
That Night In My Hostel Room
Never try to find the voice.
They say I'm one of the richest person on Earth
Evil eye
New short horror story by Bedtime Stories UK, read by Horror Cane!
The Helpful Optometrist
I dont even laught anymore
I am not afraid to say, my sister is crazy
There is something that awakened in me and I think that i liks it...
Tikwi
The 18th Floor
I Went to the Bottom of My Swimming Pool and Came Out the Other Side
My Diabolical Self | Part 7: Tell Me, What Do You See?
Insane shadow person that won't stop following me
The Burned Photo [Part 16]
Scawy story
What the &amp;$@! Happened!!
It’s 5:11am and I haven’t got a wink of sleep
So I have had a headache for weeks (Part 5)
The universe is said to be created with mathematics, but we created mathematics?
Stump Water
My Husband Is A Serial Killer. And He’s Still Out There
How Far Would You Go to Save Your Sister?
Arrow boy in my apartment
My mom works in a haunted school
8.My Kid Summoned A Demon, Now I’m Breaking Into Heaven.
My Parents Lived in a Gangster’s House
The Circle
What lies in the woods
Cinnamon Rolls
Hunger
I remember feeling his horrid hands against my back, then my vision went black.
Before we could solve mysteries in a stolen car, I had to discover why someone was haunting it.
Vocifery Desires
Vocifery Desires
Live.
Just drove 8 hours home sick as hell. Fell into a deep sleep around 6PM. Woke up thinking it was 2 or 3 AM. Its only 9:19 PM.....
The Halloween Dance No One Forgot…or left (Part 1)
The Halloween Dance No One Forgot…or left (Part 1)
New to this subreddit but here
When Should You Be Concerned For Your Friend?
A Hooded Man stands near my boyfriend’s grandma while she was sleeping and she went to the hospital
The Earth has fallen dark (part 1)
I think I found a killer’s diary (part 2)
A Pretty Girl's Birthday Surprise
My daughter is obsessed with a snow globe she got for christmas and i’m worried about the reason
I think I found a killer’s diary (part 2)
My name is Maya Ben-Alonth, I am an Israeli Shabak agent. My life has gotten a bit strange… I’m not sure what to do.
a nightmare turn into a reality
Grandma's 911 Calls: The Abduction, Part 1
Break in the skin chapter 1
Every Night At 2:46 AM My Soul Leaves My Body, But It Was Too Good To Be True. Part 1
Natalie
When you hear chimes in the middle of the night, don't look out your window
The Social Experiment - Part 2
The Social Experiment - Part 1
My Father Talks in His Sleep, But it's Not His Voice... It's Hers.
pray for me
I think my company is packaging people. Part 3
I should've left the house before my imaginary friend got too clingy
Alone
Always check behind you
I found a patient's notebook buried in the rubble of an old asylum (Part 2)
possible poltergeist event that happend to me and my family
A giant bat flew into my house. The government says I can't remove it.
A Day's Production Of Madness
I think someone is living in my basement
The Mercury Hotel (Part One)Something is wrong with the bus I'm on.
the lady on the chandelier
The lady on the chandelier
How do I deal with the loss of a pet? Thanks in advance.
Asking for advice on how to let go after loss of a family pet. Thanks in advance! :)
I'm Trapped In A Hospital, And I'm Not Alone
The time I took vyvance
What I saw while working as a lumberjack in the forest at night.
Hunger
I think something evil kidnapped my brother
If you ever visit India, do as I tell you
Hunger
I think I sold my soul
The man who kept walking [Part 1]
Glitch (Part Three)
I finally decided to go for laser hair removal.
Childhood story
I told someone their story on r/nosleep was bad and then my parents died
My childhood story
Anybody have advice on this thing that‘.s been extremely aggressive??
The Horse?!? Outside My Window
Drug addict life story. Probably my last post.
Drug user on edge of suicide (Probably last post)
The Mermaid war
My Sleep Paralysis Has Taken A Terrifying New Turn
Monsters don't always hide under your bed
The Horse?? Outside my window. Actual True Story
The Horse? Outside my window. True story
‘Twas the Sixth Night After Christmas I sought out aide
I'm Done. Final Entry by Quinn.
I found the "What-If" Museum. It's why I'm in this world now.
The Night I Visited the "What-If" Museum, and how it changed my life forever.
My Friends and I Went Fishing... Something Caught Us
My True story of my Grandfather
Was my grandmother right about the people in the dark talking to us?
I love my daughter, and could use some advice on how to help her through a traumatic event
WHAT THE HELL. WHAT THE HELL WHAT THE HELL WHAT THE HELL
Incident Report S214-c(3) recovered document addendum
Theres knocking at 12:44am
I lost 12 hours and I’ve found some more clues
The Whispering Grandfather
There was more than Koi in the dead man's pond
The evil within us all
I woke up to an Emergency Alert on my phone, now there's creatures outside... #3
The Grandfather
[Heady Novel] Incessance (PDF)
The Burned Photo [Part 15]
What Would You Do if You Woke Up and It Was All Gone?
The Death of a Lonely Town
A warning perhaps too late
I'm a park security member and there are some things you must know (Part 8)
My Sleep Paralysis Demon isn't like the Rest PT:3
I need help.
I need advice.
I need some advise.
The Battle at the Orlof's Home (Part 2)
My friend and I found something in the woods. At first, we thought we were gods. But now I think we're pawns in the scheme of something even greater.
Dealing With Killer Dolls the Practical Way - A Spook Incident
Dealing With Killer Dolls the Practical Way (A Spook Incident)
Lisa's Father
I realized my whole life was planned out, now they’re trying to kill me
Random little short I wrote a while back.
Don’t look. Don’t blink. Don’t acknowledge.
The Father
7.My Kid Summoned a Demon, And Now I’m Meeting The Family.
“Stand clear of the closing door, please.”
I think something bad is gonna happen to me
Sickness
Today is the anniversary of one of the most bizarre church burnings in history, but the Pope refuses to release the details to the public.
Every morning when I wake up, I find new pictures of myself in my phone. [Final]
I know this honestly sounds really dumb but......
Death wouldn't halt them.
I was a Lumberjack.
Every morning when I wake up, I find new pictures of myself in my phone. [4, Final]
I think the Pomodoro Technique might kill me soon
A normal Social Studies class until this happened...
There's something strange in the fog [Part 3]
The Guardian of the Neighborhood
Kinfroket (PART 2)
I Stared Into My Eyes In The Mirror And Something Bad Happened!
Where is that barking coming from?
I Stared Into The Eyes of my Reflection In The Mirror
my brother has been missing for three days now
The basement playground (part 3)
Kinfroket (PART 1)
Drummer Cult
The eyes
The eyes
Neurosis: the story of my trauma
Neurosis
I am the most popular in my school and I’ll tell you what it’s like
Infinite Nightmare Loop
Dream Center
Mister Leech, Part One
The things I have seen
The Nursing Home
The things I have seen
I thinking about transferring universities...
I'm a retired homicide detective. I'm beginning to suspect that my wife is a serial killer. Pt.3 [FINAL]
A Series Of Videos FollowupA series of videos followup
I believe Quantum Immortality is real due to events in my life
The cabin up in Appalachia
Don't say it out loud.
Don't say it out loud.
The cabin up in Appalachia
The Little Drummer Cult
Who was I talking to at 4 years old?
The Coffee Shop Fortune Teller
I'm Done. Final Call for help from Quinn.
The thing that should not be
Babysitting Nightmare
The Social Experiment
I just found out what I need to do to make the ghostly women with the bloody hands stop haunting me
River Valley Federal Penitentiary, 1987
I'm Done. Final Call for help.
Dead Animals in the Walls
Someone walked into my bedroom at 6am..
The Ghost or Spirit at the Main Turnstile
Should I be scared to think someone is watching me ?
Somehow I found my way to a different world, but its not as friendly as it seems. PART-2
Dysmorphia
Somehow I found my way to a new world, but it's not as friendly as it seems.
I just found out what I need to do to make the ghostly women with the bloody hands stop haunting me
I'm Done. Final Entry by Quinn
Cedar oaks street
Back Again
Always leave a light on
I performed an autopsy on Death.
My Rugby Club made me become the night security guard of the Club.
The Inheritance Game - What exactly would you be willing to do for $300 million?
I'm going to kill myself tonight.
Passenger Seat
Paths Change , Destinies Don't . PART 1
My friend told me to come here...
Somebody tried to break in.
Don't Follow The Light (Part 1)
7 minutes ago...
I couldn’t see it, but it could see me
A Voice in the Vent
Did anyone else have a monster?
A Voice in the Vent
A Voice in the Vent
Oh whistle, and I will come to you. [Finale]
I don’t know what it was, but it could manipulate objects
(M23) Last night I finally broke down and told my parents I've been struggling with my heart problem and depression. That same night I dreamed about my dead grandpa.
The space children
Entry 0.5: 2015/11/3
I've had a stalker my entire life.
The Burned Photo [Part 14]
A student in my class won’t stop staring at me
The Star and The Men In Red
The Boy Who Cried Wolf.
Tales From A Lonely Motel 3
How me and my friend almost died(a few times)
Memo: Re: missing contents of lot A07-4B
Shut down Project-033NI immediately
Shut down Project-O33NI immediately
Winter Weather Advisory Warning
The Lost Town
My Boyfriend Has Been Hiding Something From Me (Part 1)
The Truth Behind AirPods Pt 1
Mexican Punks vs Aliens
An ending.
Ontario's Nuclear Warning Was Not A Mistake
The Technicolor House
The Battle at the Orlof's Home
I can’t explain what I saw one night when I was 12
If you hear thunder in a snowstorm, run.
I can’t explain what I saw when I was 12 years old
I am kept in captivity to watch over the sinners and clean the blood. [Pt 2]
I found out that witches do exist, and they're more powerful than you think
I used to complain about having no purpose. I can't anymore.
Plantation exploring
6. My Kid Summoned A Demon, Now We’re In Hell.
The midnight racket I had to listen to for a while
My Friend Disappeared After I Took His Picture with a Mysterious Polaroid Camera
The midnight racket I had to listen to for a long while (true story)
I saw something in the water when on a ferry
The surgery didn’t go as planned
I adopted a parrot that screams in the voices of strangers.
Yowling Hound Tunnel
Back again.
The Was Something Wrong With The Fog This Morning
The wolf and I part 2: reflecting on the past
I'm a park security member and there are some things you must know (Part 7)
The Case That Keeps Me Up At Night, Part 6: Cthulhu Boogaloo
There's something strange in the fog [Part 2]
The Zoo I worked at had strange rules and regulations. This is a story from the heart [Part 5]
The Creek of A Thousand Corpses
I just found out what's been happening to people's hair in my town.
I just found out what's been happening to people's hair in my town.
They're Watching Me
The Flaw
The Doll with a Red Scarf
Storyteller and the Doll with the Red Scarf
Bottles Of ‘Happiness’
The Taxidermist.
Please read!!!
Mom always says, "don't talk to ghosts".Ever since I was a child I was obsessed with mountains
My Bizarre College Experience (Part 1)
I wanted to be the leading lady but that was before all the actors started disappearing [Part 1]
The Adventures of Neil - Demon, Angel, and Human - Part 1
The tiny wooden elephant.
Rules for being home alone at night
I Am A Scientist At A Secret Research Facility, What We Made Will End The World.
The bad man with his mom that was homeless.
I Am A Scientist At A Secret Facility, What We Made Ended The World.
Concerned Parent
Avoid the Abandoned Buses of Camp Cho-Yeh
My Grandfather Never Allowed Radios in the House. He had a Very Good Reason. Final Part
My invasive thoughts are getting worse
Hassaan
The body fell right in front of me
Dream Scars
My friend and I traveled to a different reality
I'm a retired homicide detective. I'm beginning to suspect that my wife is a serial killer. Pt.2
I sincerely hope you don’t own a mirror, even if my reasoning is perhaps a little paranoid.
Maggie and Milo
Title
My Name is Maya Ben-Alonth, I am an Israeli Shabak Agent. My life has gotten a bit Strange… and I’m not sure exactly how
Before I kill myself!
I found a patient's notebook buried in the rubble of an old asylum (Part 1)
I made a joke about a classmate... I'm starting to regret it. [Part 2]
The Catholic Church knows the truth about Hell, but the documents are buried deep within the Vatican Secret Archive. (FINALE)
When there's an ashfall, lock all your doors and windows (Part 2)
They Won’t Let Me Leave Walmart!
I not from this reality.
The man who brought silence may have ended my addiction
I think a creature from an anime is trying to kill me.
Changelings
Changlings
I Hit A Little Boy With My Truck
Things that go bump in my intern dormitory (part 1)
Bloody marry
This is my first writing of this tipe so it's not long or a masterpiece and the tag it's not the best but I didn't find nothing more adapt *"The Harmful imperfection"*
We think something wanted to join us for lunch
Darkness of the Mind
I Lucid Dream Very Often.
(Work in progress title and story) horror in the house time forgotten.
Every morning when I wake up, I find new pictures of myself in my phone. [3]
Darkness of the Mind
"Meditation may help open doors. Mental and otherwise."~
The Screams...
Last Online
Found: Lost Interview with Incriminating Evidence, but not of the Suspect.
The Burned Photo [Part 13]
The Scream...
Things that go bump at night in our intern dormitory
Time to say goodbye
My grandpa's journal held the tragic horrors of his past
I'm back
Why do my neighbors have all red lights in their house?
I'm Trapped In A Hospital, And I'm Not Alone [Pt1]
Why do my neighbors have all red lights in their apartment?
Confessions from an Apocalypse
the pines
Girl looking for fun in your area!
Went to Vandalize but I lost my friend
I won't take walks through my local part at night anymore
𝚠𝚘𝚗𝚝 𝚌𝚘𝚖𝚎 𝚋𝚊𝚌𝚔 𝚢𝚎𝚝
A childhood memory
I went home with a guy I met at the bar and it almost cost me my life
Stuck
My dogs went missing
Bright Light In The Middle of The Woods
I Use To Be A Lawyer, But There's This One Case
I dream about a lot of dead people
I dream about a lot of dead people
There are no mirrors in my house (part 2)
Born of Sin and Hatred
He’d pull on my toes
Blissfully Unaware
There’s something outside my cabin - Part 1
The Hunger
There's something strange in the fog [Part 1]
They Never Stop the Song at Small World
I'm a..... Debt collector! [Part 1]
The Wolf and I Part 2: Remembering The Past
Im stuck between life and death
The Shroud of Turin
Got me thinking..
My job at the gas station left me a list of instructions to follow (Part 2)
Got me thinking....
He’d pull on my toes
I am a serial killer, and I love every one of my victims.
The Forgetful Man
YouTube Rabbit Hole
It’s been 10 years since my younger brother disappeared. It’s time people know the truth about what really happened. It’s what he would have wanted.
01/10/2020 - Journal
It’s been 10 years since my younger brother disappeared. It’s time people know what really happened. It’s what he would have wanted.
01/10/2020 - Journal
It’s been 10 years since my brother disappeared. It’s time people know the truth about what happened. It’s what he would have wanted.
The wolf and I
My name is Lydia Poole, and I work for the Devil.
The breakdown at the Triton Facility [Part Two]
I found out why we have hiccups, it's not as innocent as you might think
My Quiet Half
Something is wrong about the bus that I'm on.My Diabolical Self | Part 6: Fifty Thousand
I am kept in captivity to watch over the sinners and clean the blood. [Part 2]
My Diabolical Self | Part 6: Fifty Thousand
It was a warm sunny afternoon when I walked into the cafeteria.
A Parental Guide to Teenage Lycanthropy
The Bus
I think i moved to the wrong area...(part 7)
Savanna Zephyr
My wife keeps waking me up from sleep walking, it's worse than I thought
For the Sake of Everything
Please help me I've lost 12 hours - what am I missing?
SH: Prologue
Eldritch Abomination FAQ
This is the last time I'm going to write this!
I'm a retired homicide detective. I'm beginning to suspect that my wife is a serial killer.
A Very Descriptive Essay
It's pouring rain outside and I don’t understand what’s happening, I feel crazy and I need to put this somewhere.
I think my company is packaging people. Part 2
Stopped at an old Gas Station in south Texas. What I found inside was terrible.
I'm a park security member and there are some things you must know (Part 6)
‘Twas the Fifth Night After Christmas the Devil and I made a deal
She's a Keeper
Darkness of the Mind
I am kept in captivity to watch over the sinners and clean the blood. [II]
Don't Ever Mine At Night
Something is dating my daughter (Part 2)
My First year in Hell (Part 4)
I've been frozen since the last ice age. The modern world is way better than life in the wild.
I Heard A Rumor About Me, and I Wish I Chose Not To Work That Night.
I purchased a self-help book. Now, everyone I love is dead.
Don't Mine at Night
I really, really should NOT have agreed to try and rescue my dead sister's daughter.
My Sexy Snapchat Stranger
I Never See Anything the Same Way Twice and It's All Because of a Stupid Suicide Attempt
I'm an Illusionist by Trade, There are Two Voices of God
Like two was not enough, fuck you stranger.
It’s been 10 years since my younger brother disappeared. It’s time people know the truth about what happened. It’s what he would have wanted.
Why I don't sleep
Someone invited my friend upstairs but it wasn't me.
Something promised to protect me
My Family Joined The "Good Citizens Award Scheme" In My Little City. We Got Scammed Brutally.
5. My Kid Summoned A Demon, And Things Are Getting More Emotional Than I’d Like
No sleep.
My dad
Every morning when I wake up, I find new pictures of myself in my phone. [2]
Mom always says, "don't talk to ghosts".
Spooks - Incident One
Something about my wife is wrong. Advice?
I named my cat after my ghost
My Grandfather Never Allowed Radios in the House. He had a Very Good Reason. Part 4
The Burned Photo [Part 12]
6 Years of Dreams.
Black Holes
I will never go to an abandoned circus again
A Dark Blight, In An Endless Night [1]
The Burned Photo [Part 12]
I used to star in a children's television show, and I wish I had never discovered that I still have fans.
Sunshine Away
I don’t understand what’s happening, I feel crazy and I need to put this somewhere.
The Other Neighbors
My mentality ill "grandma"
In the rain
What it really means to be immortal.
Please be careful with your daughters (2)
The Other Neighbors
If You Have the Chance to Rewrite the Past, Don't Take It.
One Man Hide and Seek
Glitch
I am a hunter.. But not the kind you think I am.
The Drawings on the Wall
I have this fear. Until last night, I thought it was irrational.
Statues~
There have been bombs blowing off outside for the past 5 days, I don't know what they are fighting, but it won't go down.
They're in for a surprise...
Trolley in a forest. [Part 1]
The silhouette
I was supposed to die last week, and I’m pretty sure something wants me back (part 1)
Mr. John Emailed Me!
Conjurations of the Enraged
I'm a retired homicide detective. I'm beginning to suspect that my wife is a serial killer.
Scariest Email I've Ever Gotten!
A dish best served cold.Freezing cold.
Heard something last night?
Don't get high on Christmas
I met me today.
Fear virus Pt 1
One of my brother's friends disappeared after our investigation with a youtube channel.
I was replaced by a better version of me
We revived two Homo neanderthalensis to discover why they were extinct. Now everyone in my building is going to die
the man we see.
Cannibal Anatomy
the man we see
the man we see
I write the same dream every 1AM past midnight
I work at a China mall, but some thing's wrong with the mannequins.
My Shadow Isn't Where it Should Be
Code Adam
Devil Horn Mushrooms [Part 2] (final)
01/09/2020 - Journal
If you get invited to a psychedelic trip, better follow the rules of the shaman [Final]The Unwritten Rules of Granny’s House: The Dream
I Spent a Week Locked in the Basement of a Serial Killer (Part 1)
I've discovered the tomb of a forgotten pharaoh. Now my colleagues are dying.
The Solstice Sing Along
“Don’t turn around”
Home.
2020 Nosleep Community Survey
نداء الوطن - أستاذ هندسة البترول يوضح حقيقة استيراد الغاز من إسرائيل.. فيديو
PLEASE I NEED HELP
Barbie and Ken, a story of devotion
Ghost of some sort has helped me since childhood? - Please advice and help.
Just out With the Guys
i cant sleep.
Glitch (Part Two)
My brother used this account to post videos of the entities he saw in his mirror. You should know what happened next.
I had a dream under the Wolf Moon...or was it?
I work for child protective services, but this girl has been terrorizing her neighborhood.
My employer turns people into drugs. He wants me to enter the family business.
Jolly Good Friend
Am I crazy
The Catholic Church knows the truth about Hell, but the documents are buried deep within the Vatican Secret Archive. (part seven)
‘Twas the Fourth Night After Christmas I raised some hell
Am i crazy?
I'm Lily Madwhip and You Can Keep This
Hello.
The Walls Sweat
Do You Remember?
I'm having sleep terrors and am waking up screaming off and on and wondering what could be the cause of it?
December 2019 Voting Thread
I just graduated from medical school, lived a long and challenging life, and came to the end of my path
I did.
The Strange Book
Did I move into a haunted house after graduation?
Please help me interpret my dream (THIS IS ACTUALLY REAL)
Raventown
4. My Kid Summoned A Demon, And They Want Something Ridiculous From Me.
I became a k-pop Idol trainee. But the letter I received yesterday is so strange.#1/ 나는 케이팝 아이돌 연습생이 되었어. 근데 어제 받은 편지가 좀 이상해.#.1
NO ONE is going to believe me...
Neighbors turning lights off and on really quickly
I know things. By things I mean that I know the future. Part 3
I know things. By things I mean that I know the future. Part 3
The ramblings of an insane man
4. My Kid Summoned A Demon, And They Want Something Ridiculous From Me.
This is Why I don't Do Whipits anymore
Do you know the man that hangs?
ALPHA TEST:::10 1 14 . 10 x 1 + 5
ALPHA TEST:::10 1 14 . 10 x 1 + 5
Every morning when I wake up, I find new pictures of myself in my phone. [1]
ALPHA TEST:::10 1 14 . 10 x 1 + 5
ALPHA TEST:::7-D631
I Am A Subject For Drug Testing And I Would Like To Send You All A Message From The 2070s.
My parents prayed for a child. I was a miracle.
Something is down by Carlos Lake (Pt 1)
I had a nightmare during the Wolf Moon...or did I?
The Burned Photo [Part 11]
Jolly Good Friend
My Grandfather Never Allowed Radios in the House. He had a Very Good Reason. Part 3
Jolly Good Friend (The Chernobyl Tape)
A Doctor's Call
Oujia at 3 am
The child of death on a city bus
Death child on the city bus.
Cold Juice – The Cadence Archives Episode One (1)
Need advice on legal adoption
I Heard a Boy Buried Alive in the Ground
Do you ever wonder what happens to all your 11:11 wishes?
I stumbled across a podcast; I don't think the creator ever got a chance to publish it. (Part Three) Finale.
I found a portal on a sheep farm
I stumbled across a podcast; I don't think the creator ever got a chance to publish it. (Part Three: Finale)
Please be careful with your daughters
It Is Watching Me From The Dark
My wife keeps waking me up from sleepwalking, it's starting to creep me out
If Only The Monsters Of Stories Were True.
I think I moved to the wrong area...part 7
It Pulls You Down. Part Two.
I Am A Research Scientist At a Secret Facility, What We Made Ended The World.
Why I Was Never Allowed Near My Family’s Pond
Tommy
Soft lullaby music playing from wardrobe at the same time every night for a week
Lullaby music playing from inside the wardrobe at the same time each night at a relative’s house
The breakdown at the Triton Facility [Part One]
Painter's Block
Painter's block (revised)
A dreadful malfunction.
A dreadful malfunction.
My Teacher Is An It Part 3
Am I even awake (Pt 3) FINALE
Am I even awake? (Pt 3 FINALE)
The Oneiric Imprisonment
They told me to talk to my therapy doll. They never said what to do if she talked back.
They’re wrong about two things: that I’m too old for my therapy doll, and that she can’t blink.
The voices in my head
Just look forward, there not real.
Iustitia
Barbie and Ken, a modern love story
The Photo Translator I Invented Sees Things It Shouldn't (Part 2)
Wendy
Iustitia
I'm Trapped In A Hospital, And I'm Not Alone [Pt2]
I'm Being Haunted By An InfomercialI think I found a killer’s diary (part 1)
Lacuna: Part One Chapter 1 First Scene I
It’s not my time.
My Friend Drew Lines On Their Hand, And Now They’ve Appeared On Mine Too.
I think I found a killer’s diary (part 1)
The Man with No Face Tells Me What to Do [part 1]
My Diabolical Self | Part 5: The Urge
Something is dating my daughter
Someone Is Impersonating Me Online with a Near Identical Copy of My Account
I Think My Guardian Angel Is From Hell -Part 1
I Think I am being followed (part 1)
Very high pitch everlasting noise in house makes it difficult to fall asleep, as well as acid reflux due to gas
Seducing the Devil
If you get invited to a psychedelic trip, better follow the rules of the shaman [Part 2]
The Director
Something is dating my daughter
Somebody broke into my house when I was 11. Years later he came back.
Wendy
Skin
I had no idea I was being searched for.
When I was 11 somebody broke into my house and came after me again
When I was 11 somebody broke into my house
The wood is hostile and it’s hungry for flesh
When I was 11 somebody broke into my house
Devil Horn Mushrooms [Part 1]
The story of how I left my father to die...
Did I really see Her?
The story of how I left my father to die...
My baby is an angel, why won’t he fly for me?
Demonic Possession?
If you met a vampire, would you let it bite you for eternal life or would you shove a stake in its heart?
Im a reaper, and for the first time, someone really cheated death
‘Twas the Third Night After Christmas I got out of town
Last time
Im a reaper and, for the first time, someone really cheated death
He's feeding the ducks again.
The Catholic Church knows the truth about Hell, but the documents are buried deep within the Vatican Secret Archive. (part six)
Parents, Watch out for Baby Shark
Question
VISITAS EXTRAÑAS
The Catholic Church knows the truth about Hell, but the documents are buried deep within the Vatican Secret Archive. (penultimate part)
This Apartment Is Haunting Me &amp; My Sister For 16 Years Through Sleep Paralysis
Im a reaper, and for the first time, someone really cheated death
Social murder
I'm a park security member and there are some things you must know (Part 5)
NEED HELP FINDING A STORY I READ A FEW YEARS AGO!
A Few Stories from the Rez
Stalked by a vampire in Queens?
The Journal of Dr J de Jager (part 2)
Strange Things Happen In My Hometown. Let Me Tell You About The Lake King (part 3)
The Journal of Dr J de Jager (second entry)
Bulbs
The Journal of Dr J de Jager (second entry)
Every morning when I wake up, I find new pictures of myself in my phone. [1]
Am I seeing things?
I tried to make my own scary mod...
The Dollmaker
A Trip To The Doctors
3. My Kid Summoned A Demon, Now I’m Fighting For Our Lives.
An Arm and a Leg
Last time
My first and last conversation with a herald of it
I Can See Auras
Blum b
I performed an autopsy on my girlfriend.
What Is Life?
Don't trust what they say. The fog isn't dangerous, it's what's saving us.
Shrike
Roommates
I'm bilingual. I speak the language of demons.
Roommate troubles
My consciousness entered another realm, and I can’t stop thinking about it.
People around me are being replaced
My boss called me in... but something else happened
My boss called me in.. only he didn’t
Has anyone else seen blue fireflies in the Mojave?
My boss called me in... only he didn’t
Sloshing, Hissing, and Smacking Its Lips
My Grandfather Never Allowed Radios in the House. He had a Very Good Reason. Part 2
This is my horrifying journey of realizing the truth of doors!
A warning
My Newish Phone
A warning
My Dad told .d to never look into the pipe. I didn
Creepy Louisiana
May I Be Damned.
Imaginary Friends Aren't Real
My Roommate is a Haunted Doll (Part 5)
I stumbled across a podcast; I don't think the creator ever got a chance to publish it. (Part Two)
Hi
Nessuno
What's in my closet....?
Saki Sanobashi: the lost anime
The most weird youtube channel i have come across
The Screamers
My dreams are more real than ever
I wrote the ARG that took over the world
My job at the gas station left me a list of instructions to follow
Strange People Have Moved Into My Quiet Town...
The nicest man I ever met was in a mental health hospital.There's an Abandoned Library in My Town. I'm Convinced It's Cursed.
Physical pain from dmt trip
The Screamers.
The only bridge out of my village was removed by the army and something is happening (Part 6)
The Book of Crows and Wolves terrified me beyond my wildest dreams. Now I'll never know how it ends.
Haunted buildings had the best scrap metal. We should have left it alone. (Part 5)
The Resting Room of Kiddie Paradise
Laptop 9
Fall
Skip this nosleep story
Letter to the girl with the purple shoes, you said hi to me on the bus :) I miss you.
how do i get away with murder?
It isn't you, it's them
To the girl with the purple shoes :)
I Lost My Virginity to My Girlfriend, It Turned Me into a Monster. Part 10
Help me understand what happened last night
Correction from a good child.
Like Clockwork
I woke up in the middle of the woods. I just got caught.
Verstümmelung des Selbst
My friend had a childish fear.
My Diabolical Self | Part 4: Just Two Junkies
My first day on the job at Disney World and the eyes can lie. (9)
Hotel spirits part 2
My Parents Wanted Me To Join The Family Business. I Didn’t Want To, But There Is Something Wrong With My Little Brother
All The Urban Legends About Me Are Wrong
READ THIS!!!!!!
Finally a lone bang sound is Heard outside of the corridor.
The Photo Translator I Invented Sees Things It Shouldn't
If you listen to this song, please ignore it!
If you get invited to a psychedelic trip, better follow the rules of the shaman [Part 1]
I'm not allowed to have children
Something’s Wrong With My Body
I found something new under the sun, but now I wish I hadn't
White clothed cliché ghost woman
I found a secret tunnel underneath my apartment, but I live in the penthouse
We were attacked on a school trip
Is this how the game is supposed to go?
I’ve been dreaming for two years
My new promotion came with a weird condition.
I found an old book full of modern fairytales. This one's called Kelpie, or Why You Should Never Trust a Man in the Moonlight.
I found an old book full of modern fairytales. This one's called Kelpie, or Why You Never Trust a Man in the Moonlight.
I received an unsettling alert on my phone
My Old House
I stumbled across a podcast; I don't think the creator ever got a chance to publish it. (Part Two)
I Apparently Have A Ghost Trying to Haunt Me - Advice? Part III
Don't Open Your Eyes
‘Twas the Second Night After Christmas we had quite a riot
I woke up in the middle of the woods. I just got caught. (Part 2)
(Fr)L’intrusion fatale
What are some rules/superstitions that you always follow?
The Cult of the Wolf God
I Wasn't There For You
Baskin Robbins (Part 1)
Here's why you must never attempt to rescue a dog.
Lucifer - My Side of the Story
A Very Personal Hell
The Journal of Dr John de Jager (2nd entry)
I woke up in the middle of the woods. I just got caught.
It's tough to own a bar
It's hard to tend a bar
When I was a kid, I had a recurring nightmare. Tonight, I was reminded what it was.
If you can read this, I'm coming for you.
When I was a kid, I had the recurring nightmare. Tonight I was reminded of what it was.
The Journal of Dr J de Jager
The lost night
Lucifer - My Side of the Story
Marty had the strangest way of proving of where he was late at night
being bipolar is a horror story
The Burning Man
There's an Abandoned Library at the Edge of My Town. I'm Convinced It's Cursed
My local theater recently screened a film called "Mr. Blank." (Part 4)
She Latched Onto Me Like a Parasite
I have six minutes before "someone" takes over my life. [Part 2]
Tales from Saint Martin's Land
My Kid Summoned a Demon, Now We’re Hiding Out in the Wilderness.
2:47 A.M.
Never go too far into the woods...
Eviebot
Detour
Gf wakes up from sleep and talks sometimes, freaks me out
I woke up from surgery with amnesia. I need to get out.
I know I'm being manipulated
My neighbour hangs more than just clothes [Part 1]
Toys
The creatures of Needlepoint Creek
I can’t sleep
My cabin is near a mental hospital. I hear strange voices at night.
Afraid For My Life.
My dad finally got what he deserved.
Game of Aces- The Sewers [2]
The Crooked Man, Verse Two
Surviving an encounter with a ghost
The chocolate man
There’s something wrong.
Mannon: Case 221; Robert Turner
I found my half-eaten corpse under the boardwalk (pt. 1)
There’s something wrong.
I watch people in cages (Finale)
The Screamers.Sweet Dreams
Dear Harper, It's me.
I am kept in captivity to watch over the sinners and clean the blood.
My night-shift job at the gas station left me a list of rules
I am looking for a human host?
Daniel Spears
A lost TV Show - episode 2.
So I have had a headache for weeks (Part 4)
So I have had a headache for weeks (Part 3)
The Skinwalkers House
My cousin keeps waking me up every Christmas
I stumbled across a podcast; I don't think the creator ever got a chance to publish it. (Part One)
School Hiking Rules
I stumbled across a podcast; I don't think the creator ever got a chance to publish it (Part One).
The Ultimate Sacrifice
I'm a park security member and there are some things you must know (Part 4)
All that is mine.
I'm a park security member and there are some things you must know (Part 4)
To Covet Blood
I'm a park security member and there are some things you must know (Part 4)
Santa is not who you think.
I Always Read Stories About Skinwalkers, Now I've killed One.
Father Kronos and the Wishing Well
Daycare duty with Karen.
When did I wake up? (Pt 2)
The SurroFamily Center
When did I wake up? (Pt 2)
Push 'Em All
That's Not My Teacher, That's An 'It' Part 2
Consumed By Ambition
That's Not My Teacher, That's An 'It' Part 2
Merrick and The Magic Eye: Journal of a Time Traveler Recruiter [3]
When did I wake up? (pt 2)
My sister is possessed and no one believes me. Soon I'll be sitting in on her exorcism.
My neighbor stopped mowing his lawn (part 2)
My Manson Intro
Tragedy at Disney's Toontown Part 4
My neighbor stopped mowing his lawn (PART II)
I've had a Stalker for Three Years and Never Knew Until he Rear Ended Me (Part Two)
When did I wake up? (Pt 2)
Hotel Scary Story
marty had the strangest way of proving where he was all of the time
A caution against that thorny, forgotten grove
I think my company is packaging people.
I woke up in the middle of the woods. I can’t remember my name and something is hunting me in the dark.
I think my company is packaging people
I’ve always hated hotels, but now I have a reason to.
REDACTED Files: The Banshee
Never go too far into the woods...
The Scary Hog Farm...😱
I work at a hotel and some of our guests are spirits
Derk met dn Beer
Light Rail
Found some creepy/cool cassette tapes about Showbiz Pizza and thought I’d transcribe them for y’all!
Derk met dn beer
Found some creepy-cool audio diaries about a “Showbiz Pizza Place” and thought I’d transcribe them! (edited reupload)
AITA for leaving my GF in our motel room?
I inherited a forbidden document written by Plato. It explains why humans were once given wings
AITA for leaving my GF in my motel room?
The Monster Benith My Bed
Found some creepy-cool audio diaries about a pizzeria and thought I’d transcribe them! (1)
I work for child protective services, but these parents are afraid of their son.
My Mansion (intro)
Working at a prevention hotline has deteriorated my mental health drastically; I have a list of people who I was never able to save.
When there's an ashfall, lock all your doors and windows
My Mansion (intro)
Those who walk amongst the dead
I found my half-eaten corpse under the boardwalk (pt. 1)
I help people commit suicide, but they have to convince me to do it first. [13]
Those who walk amongst the dead
A tornado hit my house when I was 6. I finally found out what really happened.
I just want to ask whatever happened to that search and rescue woods guy from 4 years ago? Was it all indeed real?
‘Twas the First Night After Christmas we were under attack
I feel like I let my friend down..
An interesting morning.
I found my half-eaten corpse under the boardwalk (pt. 1)
My Sleep Paralysis Is Getting Worse
A lost TV Show from the 90's - episode 1.
Im a reaper, and for the first time, someone really did cheat death
I share a body with a prince of hell, and here is why
911
Crime Scene Cleanup is always messy, but the kind I do requires I bring extra body bags
I dreamt of paths in the mist
The one that follows...
The midnight man
Captain Bunny’s Adventures
One of history's most famous relics is actually a warning, but will that really change our actions?
My Home Away From Home
Do you know the code?
My Parallel Dimension Home
Prized Stuffed Animal
REDACTED Files: The Banshee
I Drive When I'm Upset
I dreamt of paths in the mist
I dreamed of paths in the mist
I brought a toy for my daughter that seemed harmless...
I had a dream and I'm scared to sleep
I had a dream and I'm scared to close my eyes.
I had a dream, I'm scared to close my eyes.
My family survived an apocalypse... part 2They looked like my daughters, but they were not my daughters
Prison stabbing
I'm Not A Serial Killer I Swear (part 2)
if a carnival is opening up near you, don’t go
I am a bus conductor and regret being one that night...
Recurring nightmares. I can't sleep. please help
This recurring nightmare is giving me insomnia
I woke up in the middle of the woods. I can’t remember my name and something is hunting me in the dark.
I keep having nightmares and I can't sleep
I have this gift
Alarm Clock Anxiety
Exterminating The Evil
My friend started singing this weird song on a camping trip, he's still whispering it.
I’ve Been Assigned To Kill Evil People (Part 2)
The volcano eruption woke something that is supposed to be awake for the next millennium
You really should read this for your own good
Join please
the volcano eruption woke something
My moms Grandma favorite song.
If You Can Read This Post, You Should
Ever since I was young, people have been disappearing
If you legalize murder in Nevada, they will come
South
My cousin keeps waking me up during Christmas holidays
Old Vegas - The Bathhouse
Searching for the author of Violin Hill
I'm A Therapist And My Patient Is Convinced He's The Antichrist. [Part 2]
Be my Guest
I'm A Therapist And My Patient Is Convinced He's The Antichrist. [Part Two Update]
The World's Most Important Letter
I woke up in the middle of the woods. I can’t remember my name and something is hunting me in the dark. (Part 1)
Forever
My Kid Summoned A Demon
Bad Snow
Scared? I would be.
I've been living in a gangster's paradise. Its not what you think
Canadian Case Files (Part 3)
Scary cab job
The Barbershop on Shiloh Avenue
I've Had a Stalker For Three years and Never Knew until He Rear Ended Me (Part Two)
I'm doing my first Youtube Video
I woke up in the middle of the woods. I can’t remember my name and something is chasing me in the dark.
I performed an autopsy on myself.
Into the Reklaw (Part 1)
Twin Bluffs
I keep people in cages (part 5)
We were attacked on our school trip
My loved ones keep dying and coming back like nothing ever happened
My Life as a Rapper
Looking for people interested in sharing their story for horror webcomic
I woke up in the middle of the woods. I can’t remember my name and something is trying to kill me.
Facebook recommend me my dead friend
If you find a game called “The theater” Don’t play it.
Canadian Case Files (Part 2)
Need Help (I think I am being stalked)
Found a weird image on my computer, any explanations?
A Hunting Trip
Don't Wear Red in the Appalachian Woods
The Meat Butcher And Marcus
A tale for a tale
Why I Quit Working for Amazon Customer Service - and why you Should Stop Ordering from Amazon
Locked In
A dream of future
perfect gina
Everywhere at the end of time
The Meat Butcher And Marcus
Don’t drift to sleep at 01:33!
What's the code?
I'm a park security member and there are some things you must know (Part 3)
2:05 A.M.
I Lost My Virginity to My Girlfriend, It Turned Me into a Monster. Part 9
I'm Not A Serial Killer I Swear (part 2)
My family survived an apocalypse... PART 2
My new therapist is pretty intriguing
He’s in my sleep
Scary taxi job
My Diabolical Self | Part 3: The Other Self
They say my sister Amy never existed.
Never Fuck With Abandoned Buildings(trust me)
The path leads East
I've had a Stalker for Three Years and Never Knew Until he Rear Ended Me (Part One)
The Last Midnight Run
The Famine Has Come Crawling Back.
A demon killed my family. Now I kill demons.
I Took A Picture of A Creature Deep in A National Forest
My Parents Wanted Me To Join The Family Business. I Didn’t Want To, But I Might Just End Up Like My Mother
Twins disappeared in my town and I now know why.
My Brother’s ghost won’t let me sleep.
Eye in the Woods.
Wander
Introductory Corpse-Swapping - You should always, never, sometimes listen to the psychic paperboy
The Abandoned, Dead Town
I made friends with monsters
Take a walk with me. I wanna chat with you. I wanna tell you how I got away with murder.
The Ashwater Disappearances are Far Stranger Than We Thought, the Ashwater Tapes (Part 1)
The Ashwater Disappearances Are Far Stranger Than We Thought (the Ashwater Tapes part 1)
Shhh
What Happened to the Four Missing Teens in Ashwater is Stranger Than We Thought (Ashwater Tapes part 1)
I Work as a Security guard Next to U.N.C.C
The Ashwater Tapes Tell the Truth About Four Missing Teens (Ashwater Tapes part 1)I’m part of an online forum where we collect serial killer memorabilia. Our members have started disappearing, and I’m the only one who remembers them.
The passengers keep following me
I made a deal with a witch that I wish I could take back.
never pick a pimple
Ear Infection
Tales From A Lonely Motel Part 2
The North Pole is really weird. You on’t believe what I found there.
We've Been Hiking Through this Forest for Three Days and Keep Finding Dead Animals Hanging From the Trees
The Catholic Church knows the truth about Hell, but the documents are buried deep within the Vatican Secret Archive. (part five)
My friend has agreed to let me write down some of her scary experiences, and I’m going to share some with you.
Kept me up all night,
Paths in the mist
My first R/NoSleep Reading Video
Pneuma (part 1)
兄弟
The Burnt Face Woman
The Bunker (pt. 2)
Podcast Episode 1: Mysteries across the globe
Shhh
No matter who it is, NEVER answer a call at midnight! Part 2
i accident pushed her off the bridge, but i ended up feeling her pain
Shhh
Our dear Melody
Ring... Ring... Ring...
Samantha loved selling houses. But not this one.
never pop a pimple...
Merrick and The Magic Eye: Journal of a time traveler recruiter [2]
No matter who it is, NEVER answer a call at midnight! Part 2
never pick a pimple...
I’m trapped inside my mirror and something else is living my life
The Looming Figure
Pool
I think something visited me.
Where are the Kids?
Samantha loved selling houses. But not this one.
Diffusion en direct de SOUNGS &amp; RELAXATION
My Diabolical Self | Part 3: The Other Self
I watch people in cages (Part 5)
Hmm.
I work graveyard at a boutique hotel during the weekends and this is a true story
White Lady
My school is brainwashing kids!
The Burnt Face Woman
My Employer Reeks
I'm Not A Serial Killer I Swear
I'm sending messages to myself.
Momma won't stay dead
My sister was acting suspicious, now I know why
Inside the Coffin's Walls
My Grandfather Never Allowed Radios in the House. He had a Very Good Reason.
I Work as a Security Guard Outside of UNCC
A warning
Agnest's Grill meals
Somebody please help me explain this.
Perhaps too soon right?
Me and my friends were walking through a tunnel—
The Guy Nextdoor
Seep
Can someone please help me explain this?
I've found a knife under my bestfriend's bed and I'm scared
The monster in the corner of the room
Basic Military Training, Flight 616
It’s hiding under the ice. Global warming is making it worse
It’s hiding under the ice. Global warming is making it worse.
The Ark
Wake up
The Girl who Isn’t Me
Flowers
Strange Refugees - Part 1
Dead Man Talking
My family survived an apocalypse... sort of.
I stopped smoking weed because i thought i was constantly being watched. But now I'm being hunted
Don’t go david I just want to play😊😊
Hello, I am prisoner 5017. But i am not human, none of us are.
Bus station
The Silent Madness
Of my eyes [Part 1]
I let a goth girl talk me into messing around with a ouija board... now, something is following me.
I just watched an odd found footage tape shot near my home town.
The Burned Photo [Part 10]
The Fertility Project
The thing in the hallway part 2
The Deceased
This is my life...
Bed-Verse
Down
The little kid that lives in my house...
Beware the laughing man
So I was eavesdropping the other day
When the Coffee Man comes
The Burnt Face Woman
In the woods.
Foxes in the hen house part 4
Take a walk with me, I wanna chat with you. I wanna tell you how I got away with murder.
Inception is real, and my sleep paralysis has control of it.
So I was eavesdropping the other day
My name is Silius Smith
Life and death
The Nutcracker
The Velid's InterviewThe FBI uses cannibals to hunt other cannibals. They are currently investigating my neighbor. PART 3
Black magic
My parents recently came back from vacation, but something was off...
The brother I used to know
Something ancient is alive in the permafrost beneath my town
The Encounters of Fake Reality: Part 1
The authorities are hiding a new disease from us, people are turning. {Pt 1}
My Mom Hired A Clown off The Dark Web
The Siren
If the power goes out, pray it's due to the weather
My Parents Wanted Me To Join The Family Business. I didn’t Want To, But My Dads A Murderer
I was transported into another dimension last night. Or at least I think so...
I work for child protective services, but this family never had any children.
I couldn't sleep and was transported somewhere outside this dimension (I Think...)
Knock knock
Podcast: Mysteries around the Globe
School Madness
I designed a Chess app to be unbeatable and it inadvertently led to the Singularity
How I Got A Bullet In The Mail (Part 3)
If you give up your magic and a life you can travel to another world.
That's Not My Teacher
I fell into a mass grave. It was even worse than it sounds.
They Sing In The Deep
My daughter is missing, and the police won't believe my story!
Help! My 2013 Honda Accord Won't Start!
Pool
My Diabolical Self | Part 3: The Other Self
My Diabolical Self | Part 1 &amp; 2
Possible OD accross from my apartment.
So a child gave me a ring, heres what happend. Part:1
Quiet
Strange Things Happen In My Hometown. Here Are Some Things I Remember (part 2)
Obsessive Violent GF
Now that the Middle East wars are winding down, are people in the National Guard “weekend warriors again”?
I'm a park security member and there are some things you must know (Part 2)
Podcast Episode 1: Unsolved
I'm a park security member and there are some things you must know (Part 2)
The Grandma I never knew
My living nightmare
Brother Attacked.
In the Woods
An odd pair of children would visit my daughter's two-story window every night
Hello, how are you?
The Taps on the Window
Flesh Eaters {Part 1}
The girl in the forest
The Kid Who Throws Rocks Through The Windows
Eenie, meenie, miney, mo
I don't know if this is welcome here since this is a true story but this does keep me up
The Tap at the Window
I’ve gone to the lake house every summer, this time something is different and very, very wrong.
(Paranormal Experience) The Ghost Girl in my living room, true story.
"Statues."
Photos and videos taken in my phone while I was sleeping
My Parents Wanted Me To Join The Family Business. I Didn’t Want To, But My Dads A Murderer
Garages have always scared me.
How to Survive Camping: the master of the vanishing house
The government quarantined my soul because it was "dirty." I tried to escape and faced the consequences.
I started working at a mental hospital and it is driving me insane
The Attic
I've been working at a mental hospital and it is driving me insane
I'm Only Hearing Things...
The boy's spirit
Strange men keep coming to our houses to ask about what we’ve seen
I'm Only Hearing Things...
My best friend on Discord has been replaced by a video game
My Hair Is Growing Into My Brain
The House with 100 Doors (Part 3): The Canvas and the Chimes
She Gave Me the World, but the Moon was Nowhere to be Found.
The Patch in Sower's Field
Dear Mama, your son speaking to you from Vietnam, 1969.
A Drowned Woman
I have this Dream that I keep on dreaming and I think it´s starting to become real
The Shut-Eye
Ghost girl in my livjng room
The Burned Photo [Part 9]
Fishies
The cruise didn't go as planned.
I have been experimenting with venom since I was a kid, but I never should have injected myself with it.
I know things. By things I mean that I know the future. Part 2
The window handle
She Gave Me the World All to Myself, but the Moon Was Nowhere to Be Found.
A story everyday 500 words or less to get the grey cells cooking again
I got some floppy discs for Christmas. I wish I never checked what's inside.
Prison Stabbing
Is anyone else here being stalked by something they can feel but can't see in there home?
What to do when there's no escape
Prison Stabbing
A story, 500 words or less. Something you might enjoy
I lost my mind when I met G.O.D.
I found the hidden door in my house (part 2)
Bus Ride Through November: Chapter One
Under your car
I Exorcise Demons For a Living. My High School Bully is About to Be Murdered by One.
Paleface
A message
My Dad's Strange Encounter While In Vietnam
Flesh Biters {Pt 1}
I was a boogeyman for 12 years. Yesterday the kid I was supposed to haunt finally saved me
I died a year ago. I’ve spent what was meant to be the Afterlife trapped in my old house, talking to my granddaughter. She just told me I’m not alone.Are mermaids considered furries?
My Employer is Dead
Subject 020: "The Sunken Man"
A ghost gave me food poisoning
"Pop" - an HP Lovecraft inspired short horror story :)
JUMPSTART
Sea of Regret
I had a strange experience last night
The "man" behind the desk (Part 3)
As a Child, I Lived in a Haunted House. I Think Sharing My Stories Might Help.
I Lost My Virginity to My Girlfriend, It Turned Me into a Monster. Part 8
Childhood Nightmare
I Spent My Childhood in a Haunted House. I Think Sharing My Stories Could Help.
Would anyone like to help me interpret my nightmare?
Jenny did it
The rules of writing a story.
The Case That Keeps Me Up At Night, Part 5: Just Because You're Paranoid Doesn't Meant They're Not Out to Get You
Something odd is happening in my town
The Result of a Severed Wolf Leg
The neighbors next door
‘Twas the Last Night Before Christmas our Prayers did not Ascend
Bees aren’t the only thing that makes honey
The basement playground (part 2)
Unexpected Instagram Call
Unexpected Call (Internet Mystery)
The Age of Enlightenment
True Nature
How I Got A Bullet IN The Mail (Part 2)
I Apparently Have A Ghost Trying to Haunt Me - Advice? Part II
I Regret Joining the Search Party for a Local Missing Teenager
The Tree at the Edge of the Worlds
I Apparently Have A Ghost Trying to Haunt Me - Advice? Part II
I found two cameras in Yosemite: Pt 4
My first lucid dream wasn't nice at all...
The Laughing Woman and Why I'm Sorry If I Destroyed Your World
I am not Alone
I am an Illusionist by trade. I witnessed Order succumb to Chaos.
The Catholic Church knows the truth about Hell, but the documents are buried deep within the Vatican Secret Archive. (part four)
One of history's most famous relics is actually a warning, and we figured it out too late
I can't sleep for more than a couple hours
It was wearing his skin.
(part 1) The Lights.
[Part 1] The Lights. (Remade since it was too short therefore it was removed)
"You should be thanking me"
The basement playground (part 2)
The basement playground (part 2)
A stranger leaves me letters, part 1
Where am I?
The Mariana Trench
If You Ever Come to a Place Called Slappy's Diner, Do Not Stop...[Part 10] FINAL
They escaped, this is my last entry.
If You Ever Come to a Place Called Slappy's Diner, Do Not Stop...[Part 10-Final]
Its almost 2am and someone is knocking at my door..
Its almost 2am.. and someone is knocking on my front door.
Does the Moon Still Drip? (Part 1)
Does the Moon Still Drip (Part 1)
Welcome to Moxcliff Manor • III
Welcome to Moxcliff Manor • III
The lone survivor of the village that disappeared over 200 years ago. [Final]
I've witnessed a suicide attempt
My Parents Wanted Me To Join The Family Business. I Didn’t Want To, But Now I Don’t Think I Have A Choice.
The Laughing Woman and Why I'm Sorry If I Destroyed Your World
The Lights.
The Laughing Woman | I'm Sorry If I Destroyed Your World | Short Horror Story
Oh whistle, and I will come to you ( part four )
DO NOT OPEN, DO NOT OPEN, DO NOT OPEN, DO NOT OPEN, DO NOT OPEN
A gift from the night
My teachers are scared of my principal and now I know why...
Pink Tutus and Blue Cheese
I swore I would return!!!
My Eyes Said Death (pt 2)
The low hum of a garage radio
How to Survive Camping: the vanishing house
The Solution to My Difficult Commute
Diabolus Crucem.
Woke up to something grabbing my leg
I am in a neverending cycle.
A Cry for Help
I know things. By things I mean that I know the future. Part 2
Something In The Alaskan Woods
Poltergeist?
A thought.
I Saw a Weird Video on YouTube and I Don’t Know What to Do
I Found A Note Titled “Pills”
Pills
I'm a park security member and there some things you must know (Part 1)
I'm a security park member, and there are some things you must know (The Park, part 1)
250 words
I was kidnapped in a van.
I found the hidden door in my house.
Witcher
The Zoo I worked at had strange rules and regulations. This is a story from the heart [Part 4]
The eye above our town.
Tales of the End of the World from Listening Post #317 - Mandala Station - Chapter 2
Joan.
What scared me at the haunted trail i used to volunteer at.
Ever since I was a child I was obsessed with mountains
He won't go away...advice?
Grandmamas Lovely Biscuits.
The sky opened up.Grandmamas Lovely Biscuits.
Grandmamas Lovely Biscuits.
There was something on the bed...
The Lift Man
The endless road in my dream actually ended somewhere
The dead despise how close we've come to the heavens
The Case of Our Cloning
My stalker has resorted to terrorizing me with fax messages [Part 2]
nosebleed
Venus
Sisyphus, the one sentence story
Poltergeist? Version french and english
Feeling as if a house is alive / communicating with you?
Midnight Festival
Stay out of the park.
Anyone with experiences in feeling as if a house is alive / communicating with you
The FBI is using cannibals to hunt other cannibals. They are currently investigating my neighbor. Part 2
My local theater recently screened a film called "Mr. Blank." (Part 3)
The Presence of the Sad Stranger
Me and my friends like to dig up corpses at night. Sometimes we get more than we bargained for.
I Inherited Our Old Farmhouse. I Think There’s Something In The Woods...
Jenny did it
My mom doesn't like my girlfriend #2
Ass Gas Monster
The Collapse
G.O.D is Not in Session
I work for child protective services, but this time I had to protect the parents.
The sky opened up.
Something seriously wrong just happened at the emergency room today.
My girlfriend came back last night.
The Canadian Case Files
I love you, Michelle
‘Twas the Twelfth Night Before Christmas and nothing was thicker than Blood
My strange experience with a ghost ship while serving in the Persian Gulf.
The basement playground (part 1)
Sunlight
The basement playground (part 1)
To this day and after my experiences I still don't fully believe in ghosts
I Apparently Have A Ghost Trying to Haunt Me - Advice?
To this day and after my experiences I still don't fully believe in ghosts
The God Farm (Finale)
I can’t stop....
A French thread on Twitter ! The Haunted Bakery
I’m selling my alien
Nothing happened here. Try another s.... M..d....Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Local Radio hijacked by numbers station?
Nothing happened here. Try another s.... M..d....Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
The Marble Mountains
I was a Lumberjack
Over unity
Mama Always Loved Animals
If You Ever Come to a Place Called Slappy's Diner, Do Not Stop...[Part 9]
My best friend wrote me a note, he died when he was 11 (part 2)
To Alice and family
SCP 6966
I'm a pizza delivery driver and I see things nobody else sees.
Gui Da Qiang in Army Camp
Welcome to Moxcliff Manor • II
I know things. By things I mean that I know the future. Part 2
The Staircase
Vashikaran Specialist +91-8729032992
I know things. By “things” I mean that I know the future.
A terrible vengeance.
So I have had a headache for weeks (Part 3)
A road trip mishap
This time, the sleep paralysis episode was really, really different, and now I’m on the verge of insanity now...
Welcome to Moxcliff Manor • II
My stories never make it big, but I think I can change that
A bunch of dirtbag weirdos created all the world's religions and culture and language. What do you do when you learn the truth?
The “school shooter” was actually a monster hungry for humans and no one else is acknowledging it.
Seven Lives Taken
Welcome to Moxcliff Manor • II
The ghost in my house is trying to kill me (Part 1)
The people from my village who disappeared months ago came back. Something is wrong with them
the Canadian Case Files (Part 1)
The Canadian Case Files (1 of ?)
A ghost boy keeps talking to me and I don't know why
One of my cats has a heavy tread when coming down the hardwood stairs.
Nightlight
I watch people in cages (Part 4)
A Cry for Help
Creeping Charlie Part2
The Message
I stumbled upon what I thought was a body farm, but it turned to be much worse
I always sleep with my lights on.
One Small Step.
The Succubus [Part 2]
A trick to falling asleep
Vincent Went Missing 5 Years Ago (PART ONE)
The Crooked Man
I woke up to a scary yet familiar face
Creak.
Vincent Went Missing 5 Years Ago (CHAPTER ONE)
My Apple Watch Is Telling Me The Future, And I Dont Know How To Respond To The Last Message Sent
One Small Step.
Please Buy A New Doorbell
You see the Mark
Northern Shelter
It's 0:35 and I can't sleep.
It Snowed In JulyI think my friend played the 11 miles game and I don't know how to get him back (Part three) Miles 6-11 [Finale]
Interdimensional communication
Do you want to play?
Dear Elliot, the glass people will be coming.
The Meat Butcher Is Coming.
The Meat Butcher Is Coming.
Ukraine Child Sex Trafficking - Biden - SNC Lavalin - Bronfmans - Epstein https://archive.md/uDq0s
One attribute as a theoretical weapon against all your problems?
Michelle, I love you
Creepy things happen to me
Creepy things happen to me
Creepy things seem to be happening to me
If you ever fart in a jar, never open it again
The cubicles in my office are on a loop and something is wrong with my coworkers. I can't get out.
My stalker has resorted to terrorizing me with fax messages
My father was an officer stationed at Pripyat. On his deathbed, he told me the truth about Chernobyl
My Grandpa's Final Request
My friend wanted me to do an awful thing. I wish I did now.
I'm a Police Officer In Jimsville, Tennessee, It's Back
I Lost My Virginity to My Girlfriend, It Turned Me into a Monster. Part 7
They Have No Eyes
The FBI is using cannibals to hunt other cannibals. They are currently investigating my neighbor.
Subway stalker (REAL STORY)
There's nowhere I can go, so I listen to them at my bedroom door. Day 2
The Succubus [Part 1]
I can't leave my Grandmothers house and I'm pretending to be brainwashed, help (part 2)
Mama Lucy's Pre-Breakfast Rituals
I just met the lone survivor of a village that disappeared 200 years ago.... Locked in a desperate battle for survival.
I've been deaf for 14 years. A couple days ago, I heard. I wish I never had.
(TRIGGER WARNING) (#s child abuse, graphic violence) I've been deaf for 14 years. A couple days ago, I heard. I wish I never had.
[TRIGGER WARNING] (#s graphic violence, child abuse) I've been deaf for the past 14 years, but a couple days ago, I heard for the first time. I wish I never had.
15:03 to Brussels [Part 1]
Black wood
I found a video of myself on Pornhub
hi i’m new to reddit and i don’t want to sound stupid but are these stories fictional but supposed to sound real or are they real from what people experience?
Rules for avoiding entities attachment (Part 2)
15:03 to Brussels [1 of?]
The hidden game mode that shouldn't exist
I Work For SCP And I Think Someone Is Out To Get Me.
‘Twas the Eleventh Night Before Christmas I acted in haste
When universes collide
decided to turn my dreams into short stories (Part 1)
I decided to turn my dreams (and nightmares) into short stories
LOST DOG (PART 6)
There's nowhere I can go, so I listen to them at my bedroom door. Day 2
The God Farm (Part 9)
The Brotherhood
Unexpected depths
Something is ruining my life and killing my family. I might be next
If your reading this, please send help, im scared.
DO NOT BE CURIOUS WITH AN ANCIENT TEMPLE IN THAILAND (PART 4)
Welcome to Moxcliff Manor • PART II
Welcome to Moxcliff Manor | Part 2
The Abandoned Church
There is something in my house
The Hatman
He's still following me, if you see this, be careful of your sleep.
Does anyone have the picture of the pig man?
REDACTED Files: The Gray
My date with a monster.
[REDACTED] Files: The Gray
If You Ever Come to a Place Called Slappy's Diner, Do Not Stop...[Part 8]
The Old Barn Near The Ranch
Don't forget to jump.
He comes from the stars
A twisted, psychotic cabdriver. Onset of a happy new-year: a father trying to wrap his head around his teenage son's suicide. Mother stripped off her motherhood. Her gory retaliation. School authorities too ignorant of studential sentiments. Gore and crooked satisfaction. Spouts of blood.
There is no escape from this cult. Death is not even an escape.
There is no escape from this cult. Death isn't even an escape.
There is no escape from this cult. Not even death is an escape.
There is no escape from this cult. Not even death is an escape. Madness is the closest thing to escaping.
I have a dream that likes to replay itself
Welcome to Moxcliff Manor
I have a dream that likes to replay itself
I have a dream that likes ro replay itself
I Used to Work for a Government
Welcome to Moxcliff Manor (PART I)
I keep reliving the worst day of my life
I'm Afraid to Eat In Public. He is Always Watching
The Night
I say goodnight to the dark for a reason.
Trials of the Imp
How to write a good, believable horror story.
Advice
Was there ever a post on this subreddit that turned out to be true?
Hell House
There's nowhere I can go, so I listen to them at my bedroom door. Day 2.
My mom brought home a tape recorder... and it sounds like my dead dad's voice
"A kid in my class never talked, I never found out why"
It’s Called the Punctum Caecum
The Abandoned Church
In Death, Despair
My baby is missing, but I’m not sure I want to find her.
My loved ones keep dying and coming back like nothing ever happened
There’s something eating the fish in my fish tank.
The Color Red Part I
Friday Night (Part 1) **Trigger Warning: Contains violence**
Tap...tap...tap... Pt. 1, may continue if able to...
I can't leave my Grandmothers house and I'm pretending to be brainwashed, help
Shut for a reason
Ever since I was a child I was obsessed with mountainsCreeping Charlie Part1
Jonas
My Creepy Doll Experiences
Alice
The Demons Arrive.
This woman is being tracked by the military
The Trees had Chalk Outlines of Children
Jonas
I think I moved to the wrong area....(part 6)
Alice (I have posted this on another reddit channel)
(serious) True Story, not fake like the other ones here
Something is ruining my life and killing my family. I might be next.
Murders and Supernaturals I've met...
someone took my brother 4 years ago and now hes coming for me
I watch people in cages (Part 3)
Sleep Paralysis Demons
It Pulls You Down
The Guardian Angel with blood stained hands
(Serious) My Sleep Paralysis "Demon"
Readers and Writers Book Club
Foxes in the henhouse part 3
The Burned Photo [Part 8]
I watch people in cages (Part 3)
I watch people in cages (Part 3)
I was born to carve lines into the sand
I can hear the beasts below me,
An angel brought my sister back from the dead.
I found two cameras in Yellowstone - Pt 3
Every day, I change bodies. But I think I just found my original one.
I'm possessed by a demon, and it's not all that bad actually.
It spoke with his voice
My nighttime walks
You should smile more [part 1]
my room has a lot of strange little quirks, The knocking man and the hands in the closet.
The Picture
Over the fence
I don’t know if this is the correct place to expose someone, but I will.
A road trip mishap
Ghost Bust Her's
LOST DOG (Final Part)
I've Seen Hell, Actually I've seen Everything
Someone breathing down the back of my neck then I woke up?!
I'm possessed by a demon and it's not that bad. (Part 2)
There's Something In My Apartment, and It's Getting Worse (Part 2)
nosebleed
US Vietnam War secrets they will never tell you
I met 9 reptilians in 6 months
The Faceless
I found some weird audio files. I've decided to transcribe them.
I think I'm alone in this world.
There’s always something behind you.
I spent the last six months living inside an abandoned RV. This was not by choice.
How did Raja lose his voice?
I just met the lone survivor of a village that disappeared 200 years ago... And now I finally know why the village was abandoned.
I Need Help With My Hired Dog Walker
I’m trapped in unfamiliar woods with a skin-walker hunting me
I'm possessed by a demon, and it's not that bad actually. Part 2.
it was there for 3 hours
Conversion Day
He Came Back To Visit
I hunted down one of my critics. Now they breathe through their ear.
They always seem to come back
It Only Takes One Bad Day
Donborough Creek Pt.2
A Dark God Wakes
‘Twas the Tenth Night Before Christmas I had too much to drink
My roommate's last wish
Paranoid
I’m a Big Game Hunter in Africa and I just killed a Unicorn
Some friends and I broke into an abandoned B&amp;B one night for fun, now one of them is in a coma.
Worst shift in my entire life.
Tragedy at Disney's Toontown Part 3
The void is a place we all fear, going there is traumatizing...
Help me look for an internet friend please.
FAILURE
I think my friend played the 11 miles game and I don’t know how to get him back (Part 2) Miles 1-5
I think my friend played the 11 miles game and I don’t know how to get him back PART 2 [Miles 1 – 5]
Can u kill yourself by taking enough zzzquil?
I have insomnia depression and the flu
Victoria
20/20
I had an interesting vacation...
You need to smile more [part 1]
The Monster under the bed
If You Ever Come to a Place Called Slappy's Diner, Do Not Stop...[Part 7]
I've never finished a jigsaw puzzle...
The Interview
I think I sold my soul to the Devil.
1 year in federal prison, in the hole, then exonerated
I Was Framed By The Feds And Caged In The Hole For Almost A Year Before Being Cleared of The False Accusations
I took LSD from a stranger and I don't remember who I am. [pt.2]
The Masked Man
The fake me
Waking up today was hard.
Everything Is Blurry Except Those Who Stalk Me
I worked for a construction company in the early ‘90s. We found something. (Part 2)
US Vietnam War secrets they will never tell you
I worked for a construction company in the early ‘90s. We found something. (Part 2)
My encounters with the paranormal.
My daughter has been missing for 15 years, and she just messaged me.There's nowhere I can go, so I listen to them at my bedroom door.
I went where the dead go to die.
There's nowhere I can go, so I listen to them at my bedroom door.
Black Creature Chasing Deer in the Woods
The Peculiar Case at Wonderland (2)
When a Mysterious Jester Hijacked the Theatre Auditorium
Auto Complete
The Eyes
I'm a Company Man
My friend and I know the truth (Update 3)
Joe Camerota (True Story)
I served in the Soviet military, and now my past is trying to kill me.
Tales From The Diner - Part 10 - The Werecat Incident
Entry no.1
Community
The Thing at 3 AM
The tale of two nipple Timmy
My daughters tale, my own and the cockroach within us all
The thing at 3 AM
The gargoyles were supposed to protect us, but now I know the truth. [Part 3]
The Coffins in the Trees
The gargoyles were supposed to protect us, but now I know the truth. [Part 3 - Final]
I met my fate in a bathroom stall
"Skin" Part 2
I’ll Never Go On A Blind Date Again
There were nine.. [Sourced from BBC]
Do not click random links especially on the Deep Web. In fact stay away from the DW in general.
My first day on the job at Disney World needs to chill with the Polar Express vibes. (8)
When I was a little girl I had a phantom arm -- along with two real ones.
Trapped On A Hotel Balcony
The Cult of the Suffering God
Has anyone heard of the Left/Right Game? (Part 1)
He Asked for My Name
I keep running simulations to find one where I don’t murder you
I've been playing Hide &amp; Seek for 17 hours and I don't know where I am.
Sybil Norcroft Meets the Devil: Chapter Five
Miss Eve Eden
The abandoned factory.
No One Ever Moves Away from my Hometown
This mindfulness exercise made me reconnect with an old friend
There are no mirrors in my house
Flesh
My best friend..
No sleep? More like no pee!
Sound of Silence
How I Got A Bullet In The Mail (Part 1)
By the end of this story, what you read won't matter.
The road to nowhere
My daughters has been missing for 15 years, and she just messaged me
Im possessed by a demon, and it's not that bad actually.
A night as violent as this
The Burned Photo [Part 7]
Our brains are really the enemy.
Finally feel confortable sharing my Narrations
The Monday after winter break is worse than I anticipated
Glitch (Part 1)
My local theater recently screened a film called "Mr. Blank." (Part 2)
Don't Visit Monument Valley Alone, Part Final
I Lost My Virginity to My Girlfriend, It Turned Me into a Monster. Part 6
Take out your AirPods immediately. Soon you won't be able to.
Stairway to Heaven
The Monday after the winter break sucks ALOT more than anticipated
If you get an email offering you $1000 to take part in a new game's free trial, DO NOT ACCEPT.
The Sprinkles Manifesto
My condition makes me perfect at my job. Allow me to explain.
Went 20 years back in time and arrived at a village that disappeared 200 years ago.... Things just keep getting more and more complicated.
My first ever monster
r/urbanlegends
I saw a cult.
My mom doesn't like my girlfriend
Beware of Old Spirits in the Adirondack Mountains.
I help people commit suicide, but they have to convince me to do it first. [12]
Sweet Daniel's Disturbing Drawings
My mom doesn't like my girlfriend
Cryptid hunting
Hindi Horror Podcast
Was told to post this here. This is a true story of something we encountered in the woods in the early 90s. Any help understanding what this was would be appreciated.
It started in the PNW (Part 1)
‘Twas the Ninth Night Before Christmas we had a Blast
My imaginary friend Arthur.
Something is really wrong with Yosemite National Park.
Every Monday I see the same man at the grocery store over-filling his shopping cart with marshmallows. Today I followed him home.
Tragedy at Disney's Toontown Part 3
One of history's most famous relics is actually a warning, and now the message is finally readable
I am not the crazy one.
The Signal
The Number 4000
Blue Smile
The Red Tape
Hello, my name is Katie. I am fifteen-years-old, and I can see aura's.
I was the reason for my friend's death
The scratching hasn't stopped.
Wanna know more
Lol
I think I had a childhood stalker!!!
I think I had a childhood stalker!!!
If You Ever Come to a Place Called Slappy's Diner, Do Not Stop...[Part 6]
In the Woods -- Part 1
weird guy tries to kill me and my friends
No matter who it is, NEVER answer a call at midnight!Found some hex numbers in a pastebin while browsing publics, and was curious and converted it to text. What the hell should I do now?? :( I'm scared.
I remember seeing a demon in my house when I was little.
I love you, my son. Let's meet again soon
Compendium of Nightmares: Volume Three - Rana Faucium
Creature in sherwood Forrest, and it’s not nearly as friendly as a Robin Hood tale.
Edge of sight.
Game of Aces
Tales of the End of the World from Listening Post# 317 - Mandala Station
I was sent to a base in eastern europe, don't answer the cries for help.
The last time I babysat this family
Donald Trump really do be playing battleship with Iran
The Silencer
Conversion. Chapter One: Indifference
Free Google Play Card Codes Generator
"Spider Roulette," the Rubber Ducky Bed and Lego-Land Underground
That one July night
Madam Horror
In the Dark
Dared to post this
I've Woken Up Something Evil
There Was Something Else Living with me in my Apartment
me and my friend summoned a seamstress, I wish we hadn't [pt:2]
I'm a reporter and I investigate urban legends
Tragedy at Disney’s Toontown
Am I alive?
The kid next door
Diary Of A Chimera | A True Monster's Story
I found an unlisted Youtube video. What I saw terrified me.
My Little Eye
The U.N has kept secrets about life on Wolf 1061c
There's Something in the Fireworks.
I've been a truck driver for a few months, I've seen some weird things...Part 7
Movie candy
The Exorsize Bike
The Bathroom Has Eyes
I'm A Therapist And My Patient Is Convinced He's The Antichrist.
Hot for Teacher
Community
TESTING LOGS
I think my friend played the 11 miles game and I don’t know how to get him back
The gargoyles were supposed to protect us, but now I know the truth. [Part 2]
DocFone
Conversion. Chapter One: Indifference
Sleep Paralysis &amp; the Shadow
That Thing walking around isn't me, help
He won't go.
Never Trust Your Owners
me and my friend summoned a seamstress, i wish we hadn't
Strange Things Happen In My Hometown. Here Are Some Things I Remember
My friend can see ghosts!
The Final round of the Psych Lab
Do you guys believe in witches?
Someone is in my room
"Hello..?"
How's your day been?
The Labyrinth Game Part 4: You Chose Wisely
My Dad’s friend joined the wrong fraternity
The Man In The Trees
My Mom Ran Out in Anger and she didn't Come Back Right
My dead Great-grandmother won't let me sleep.
Tony's Kingdom by Jake M.M. Griffin and Fionnán O'Riordan
My Stay At The Ceader Creek Mental Institution
‘Tony's Kingdom’ by Jake M.M. Griffin and Fionnán O'Riordan (NSFW,Revolting)
There's something living in my attic. (Part One)
The shadow man
Running away, pt. 1
The previous tenant of my new flat left a survival guide. Last night my survival was threatened.
Conversion. Chapter One: Indifference
I recently inherited my grandfathers home and things are a bit off (update)
Conversion. Chapter 1: Indifference
A Face Well Used
Don’t write stories about skinwalkers
I should have never moved to Tennessee... Part 1
Don’t write stories about skinwalkers
Possibly in Michigan
I Should Have Never Moved To Tennessee.....
If you think I'm a terrible father, I don't blame you.
A Horror Story
And they all went missing Pt: 2
Missing
Rules for avoiding entities attachment (Part 1)
I found an old book full of modern fairytales. This is #1: Teeth Fairies.
possibly in michigan
idk what we heard
And they all went missing Pt: 2
When you feel like something is watching you from the shadows, RUN.
My Mom Got Into a Car Accident and Things Haven't Been the Same Since.
The most mysterious image on the internet
Chumper's Potato Chips
Foxes in the hen house part 2
My horrifying experience
I went 20 years back in time and arrived at a village that disappeared 200 years ago.
The Weed I've been smoking this weekend has really been messing with my head.
The reason I don't go camping anymore
The Women in My Family Can Never Marry
I Saw Something I Wasn’t Supposed To, And Now The FBI Is Blaming Me For It.
The reason I don't go camping anymore.
A Season to Dismember
The Catholic Church knows the truth about Hell, but the documents are buried deep within the Vatican Secret Archive. (part three)
The God Farm (Part 8)Never hike at 0:00 to 2:00am
I should've never moved to Tennessee ( Please HELP)
I’m Lily Madwhip and There’s a Monster Wearing My Dad’s Pajamas
I Downloaded an App to Track my Sleep, What it Recorded has me Afraid to Ever Sleep Again. (pt.1)
Santa's Other Workshop
The stickman “urban legends” are real
I'm an Illusionist by Trade, I am in the strangest prison
I watch people in cages (Part 2)
I found two cameras in Yosemite. Or maybe they found me.
Never hike at 0:00 to 2:00
The Answer Lies Above (It Lies Below, Part 2)
I teach dead children
There is a man. A man that lives in the corners of our eyes.
There is a man. A man that lives in the corner of our eyes.
Code name 0
Missing person case: James Roecher
Another Vivid Dream
Always watch out on the night of January 5th, since the Devil may be waiting to take your soul
Masks.
the old man.
The ouija board part 1
Woke up from this scary dream (real)
Why I'm friends with the birds under the bridge
the old man.
OooooOo00 spookay
The Calling Of The Heart
I wake up and it’s 6am
If You Ever Come to a Place Called Slappy's Diner, Do Not Stop...[Part 5]
Someone has been using my mouthwash
I went to the subway to meet the gray man.
Stairway to Heaven
I’m still alive.
Something Followed My Dog Inside
don't go to saint james' park.
Her
My friend's Skinwalker
There’s something wrong with my boyfriend and his parents. Day 3
My friend's Skinwalker
The Burned Photo [Part 6]
I have no idea where to put this disturbing discovery, if it’s in the wrong place, please guide me where to put it
How did Raja lose his voice?
So I have had a headache for weeks (Part 2)
Your Life: The Show
The Whisper
How did Raja lose his voice?
All of the adults at my boarding school have vanished without a trace [Part 1]
Something inside me has always been there. And now it's awake.
The in between
My Dad told .d too never look into the pipe. I didn
Her
I was brainwashed my whole life. I’m finally free
5 January 2020: New Zealand
Every day, I change bodies. But I think I just found my original one.
A terrifying nightmare
Hello. My name is Katie, and I have the ability to see aura's.
I have been downvoted everywhere else I posted this so maybe this is the right home for it. If not let me know. I am part of a subreddit that is both cursed and haunted and is part of a religious cult. The sub is designed to control people's minds and take over the world.
I have tried to share this haunted subreddit twice but been downvoted. Maybe this is the right place to share it.
Lights in the night sky
The graveyard kills at midnight. No matter what I do, I can't stop it.
Someone tries to kill me everyday... (Part 3)
Don't let your children have imaginary friends
Someone tries to kill me every day... (Part 3)
The blue Contingency - Part 1
I worked for a construction company in the early ‘90s. We found something.
Time traveler
I went to an old Mcdonalds restaurant. After what happened, I wish I didn’t enter it
My grandfather died before I was born – I met him when I was 9.
Three-Way Traffic Ahead
I took LSD from a stranger I don't remember who I am.
Tales From A Lonely Motel
My recently deceased dad was a complete psychopath, and now he's using his Will to fuck with my family
Alien in the farm
Purge night
When I Was a Child I Played in a Castle Made of Light
i think somethings wrong with me, please help
i think somethings wrong with me, please help
My Friend Disappeared into The Caves Where Monsters Are Meant to Live
Wilderness
A story of the coraline I came up with:
The false 👑
Panic Room
When I was Younger My Friend Disappeared into a Cave where monsters are Meant to Live.
please help, i think somethings wrong with me.
I Hit Something Strange While Driving Through the Woods Last Night
Omens
Do you remember this kids show about a husky?
Help me
I burned down the shoe tree in Mitchell, Oregon.
I babysat Satan's kid for a night; part 2
IT'S HERE (part 1)
It Lies Below, Part 1
The Cops are Monsters
Heard weird noises while walking in the woods with friend
Lost Shadow
You Are Not Alone
Don't Open an Ancient Box In Your Uncle's House
You Are Not Alone
I tried to escape from the Psych Lab
I met a Witch
I Lost My Virginity to My Girlfriend, It Turned Me into a Monster. Part 5Our Plane Crashed In A Jungle We Weren't Flying Over, And There's Something In The Trees.
And they all went missing:
Never EVER accept a half-bound leather book [Part 1]
Do Not Close Your Eyes During a Shower
I've lived today before, and now I know I'm going to live it again.
The gargoyles were supposed to protect us, but now I know the truth. [Part 1]
The Well - Desperation As The Beginning
The Well – Desperation as the beginning
Where am I?
I installed hidden cameras to catch my wife cheating. What I saw in the footage was much worse.
My Strange Experience Visiting A Relative In What I Think Was A Prison [Part 1]
5 things becoming one, and being put into a box.
I Downloaded an App to Track my Sleep, What it Recorded has me Afraid to Sleep Ever Again.
A man and 5 orphans
Tragedy at Toontown: Cartoon Man Origins
Tragedy at Toontown: Cartoon Man Origins
I just met the lone survivor of a village that disappeared 200 years ago.
Tragedy at Disney's Toontown - Part 2
Chant and it'll leave
Worst poker that i've ever played.
Deathbed Confessions
How i got my husband back
I need your help please
Watching me while I sleep
The Peculiar Case at Wonderland
The Tower [Part 1?]
I need your help
My local theater recently screened a film called "Mr. Blank." Everybody who's watched it has now gone missing.
Conversation with mom through the door
Something crying...
Donborough Creek
Sleep paralysis
I (22F) have a really bad feeling about my neighbor (31M)
La Pölilla Vøladôra
I Work In a Donut Shop That Used To Be a Morgue
DO NOT BE CURIOUS WITH AN ANCIENT TEMPLE IN THAILAND (PART 3)
I work in a Donut Shop that used to be a morgue.
Dog Dreams
Dog Dreams
Are you sure it's a real person you're talking to?
Happiville
Dog dreams
Corner of my room
Buy Facebook Ads Accounts to Boost Your Business on Facebook
He deserves it
There is something wrong with my dog and i need help
I watch people in cages (Part 1)
I think there is something wrong with my dog.
A strage dream (actually happened)
Drones are More Dangerous than you Think. [Pt 1]
If You Evr Come to a Place Called Slappy's Diner, Do Not Stop...[Part 4]
Oh whistle, and I will come to you [Part Three]
DO NOT BE CURIOUS WITH AN ANCIENT TEMPLE IN THAILAND (PART 3)
Deprivation
The murder of Madison Montgomery
There’s something wrong with my boyfriend and his parents. Day 2
Deprivation
There's something wrong with my boyfriend and his parents. (Day 2)
Whispers and Dancing Shadows
The School Trip
I believe my girlfriend is being watched.
DO NOT BECURIOUS WITH AN ANCIENT TEMPLE IN THAILAND (PART 3)
The Burned Photo [Part 5]
The Dream
DO NOT BE CURIOUS WITH AN ANCIENT TEMPLE IN THAILAND (PART 3)
dO NOT BE CURIOUS WITH AN ANCIENT TEMPLE IN THAILAND (PART 3)
The Dream
January 4th 2020
The Abandoned Shack (True Story)
Can will overpower the brain?
I believe my girlfriend is being watched.
I found a diary in my Attic, And I'm terrified.
I believe someone is watching my girlfriend.
The Girl On My Bus
Some Good Luck Charms Are Stronger Than Others
TED TALKS
There’s A Much Scarier Reason Why You Shouldn’t Answer A Robocall.
There's something wrong with my boyfriend and his parents. (Day 2)
The Day the Climate Changed
The Stickermen
Im a ghost Hunter and I have some nice stories!
New Orleans and the Dauphine Orleans
The Girl In My Closet
My dead girlfriend won't leave me alone.
Somethings wrong with my apartment
Somethings wrong with a member in my discord server
A Loving, Dying Girl
Monsters Are Real
Aplakonia 7— Human Trial Log
the Laundry Room
Re-Writer | No-Brainer Finale
Re-Writer (No-Brainer Finale)
I'm an author and everything I write comes true
Gosh darn it you're stuck in a well!
The House with 100 Doors (Part 2): The Crooked Hall
Never break a long-standing family tradition, especially the odd ones.
A Loving, Dying Girl
Follower.
A Loving, Dying Girl
Internet warned us and we did nothing.A Nightmare of Grasshoppers (Part 2)
I’m here, but they can’t see me
I'm being sent to hell for underage drinking.
A Loving, Dying Girl
Everyone has a place in Paradise
Everyone has a place in Heaven
Secret Documents??
The "man" behind the green door. (Part 2)
My uncle dodged the Vietnam draft back in 84’ (I)
THE MIME
The Trail's Information Booklet
Happiville
The Day the Climate Changed
we haven't got much time left
I know what is inside Pandora's Box... it might surprise you.
The Knocking [PART 1]
we dont have much time until the barrier breaks.
A child with a dark secret...(a book idea, lmk what you think)
I recently inherited my grandfathers home and things are a bit off
The hunt
Lazarus Rose
A Start.
I recently inherited my grandfathers home and things are a bit off
Smile and Nod
There's something wrong on my friend discord server
I recently inherited my grandfathers home and things are a bit off
Some Things Are Too Good To Be True
There's Something In My Apartment, and It's getting worse.
I’m new in town and something strange just happened at the doctor’s office
DO NOT BE CURIOUS WITH AN ANCIENT TEMPLE IN THAILAND (PART 3)
DO NOT BE CURIOUS WITH AN ANCIENT TEMPLE IN THAILAND {PART 3}
DO NOT BE CURIOUS WITH AN ANCIENT TEMPLE IN THAILAND (PART 3)
This drug made me feel really funny...
DO NOT BE CURIOUS WITH AN ANCIENT TEMPLE IN THAILAND (PART 3)
Ward 13 {part one}
The Arden Road Horror
We’re Having Problems On Table 8
An unorthodox couples therapy session saved my life
Welcome to the second round of the Psych Lab
Welcome to second round of the Psych Lab
A mysterious encounter in the forest
Sometimes when I fall asleep on my back with my arms on my stomach I wake up with pins and needles due.
A Parent's Worst Nightmare
Scary Doritos
I saw something i shouldnt have in a Pennyslyvania forest
i think I'm going insane
My local theater screened a film called “Mr. Blank”. Everybody who's watched it has now disappeared.
Anyone willing to let their stories be narrated?
I was hired to babysit a locked room
The Sea of Regret
Going back to my hometown.
I murdered my ex-girlfriend, and this is my confession
I saw a UFO last night and I need help ignoring it and moving on.
The Case That Keeps Me Up At Night, Part 4: Where a Body Can Hide
I Work Over Night at Lowe’s and There Are some Strange Things That Happen There: Part 5
I saw a UFO last night and I need help ignoring it, and moving on.
‘Twas the Eighth Night Before Christmas All was Bright
Dream within a dream?
We've been hunted by a monster for weeks. [FINAL]
We've been hunted by a monster for weeks. [Part 2/2]
The Actors Who Never Removed Their Masks
I let a friend borrow my car for a night. When he returned it, it smelled like death.
hello, i have a question i want to ask
I Know A Lot Of Things. I Know How You’re Going To Die.
The Catholic Church knows the truth about Hell, but the documents are buried deep within the Vatican Secret Archive. (part two)
Nightmare of the DS
Wilting Flower
My trip to florida
My Friend, the Preternatural Counsellor - Our First Meeting
I've had a stalker my entire life.
Dark Somnium discord Link Nosleep
RAVENTOWN: Part I
December 2019 contest nominations
I woke in the hospital and I think I'm in danger
Discord server link for Dark Somnium HELP!
The toy i found in the woods
Dark Somnium Discord Link! No sleep! Creepypasta
I have blue eyes
Das Paralleluniversum
How to recreate the Spanish Flu
If you hear 3 knocks at 3 am, hide!
Searching for something (not a scary story)
If you hear 3 knocks at 3am, hide!
I found my husband dead last night.
I am trapped in my shed and I do not have time to spare.
Island Spirits Pt. 2
Rules and tips on how to proceed if you find the Fountain of Youth (1)
A list of rules for those who want to try the Ouija board
I always wanted smooth skin.
If You Ever Come to a Place Called Slappy's Diner, Do Not Stop...[Part 3]
Island Spirits Pt. 2
Days After Our Wedding, Her Smile Seemed to Grow Darker PT 2
I came home to find a twisted scavenger hunt waiting for me.
I work at an antarctic facility, and an experiment went horribly wrong.
I am trapped in my backyard shed and I don't think I have time to spare.
Island Spirits
I think there's something wrong with my boyfriend and his parents.
The House Behind My Backyard
Haunted
A Very Very Scary Craigslist Ad!Remembering strange things
The Clown
What Happens When Black Eyed Kids Come Inside?
New Year's Brew (Part 2)
I shouldn't of escaped that night (PART 1)
I keep hearing humming from room 17
Our Dreams are Being Eaten
I have a recurring nightmare
What I see in my nightmares
I love numbers
The Red camp
I saw something
The Moment of Convergence
The Burned Photo [Part 4]
The Burned Photo [Part 4]
The Burned Photo [Part 4]
The Burned Photo [Part 4]
Days After Our Wedding, Her Smiled Seemed to Grow Darker PT 2
Never take the hall pass at Northwood High
Please remember to close your closet door at night
There's something in my daughter's room.
My worst new year's eve in "Hell" de Janeiro.
I work the graveyard security shift at a Chuck E Cheese's.
Perspective!
My friends may be DEAD because of ME and I hope to Post More
My Eyes Said Death
I used to wonder what being dead was like. Now I know.
My Dad told .d too never look into the pipe. I didn
My Friends may be Dead because of ME (Part Two---if I live)
Do NOT take a drug called "Ebony H"[Part I]
Abandoned Town
My childhood house was a mental asylum
Days After Our Wedding, Her Smile Seemed to Grow Darker. PT 2
My Dad told .d too not look into rhe pipe. I didn
i mistaked another person’s house for my friend’s.
I'm a member of a security task-force. I've been sent on a mission I can't explain. [Final]
My grandpa sent me his recordings… of his visits to the ‘underworld’. PART NINE (9) (FINALE)
The Signal
A Nightmare of Grasshoppers
Black Eyed Child in the Woods
My strange experience in my old house
My Roommate is A Haunted Doll, Part 4
Deeper channel on youtube , new clue))))) Help me with last image pls .
My family is from a parallel universe. I had to go there. PART 4
The hanging man in my apartament..
Driving At Night is One of My Favorite Activities (4)
As white as snow around her
I shouldn't have hacked her laptop.
A scary part of my apartament..
Soon after I woke up from my surgery, I felt like something wasn’t right!
Prison is Hell
Left Forgotten
I'm in love with my girlfriend's tattoo.
They came from the woods
Someone broke into my house a month ago, now I'm finding notes in my locker
Loonies in the Dark
Don’t forget to close your closet door at night
Grandpa's Effigy
The Face in the Closet
I'm in love with my girlfriend's tattoo.
My dad told .d to never look into the pipe. I didn
The Woman that Followed me Home
My Dad told .d too never look into the pipe. I fgt
𝐘𝐨𝐮𝐫 𝐩𝐨𝐬𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐡𝐚𝐬 𝐛𝐞𝐞𝐧 𝐜𝐨𝐦𝐩𝐫𝐢𝐦𝐢𝐬𝐞𝐝.
My Dad told me too never look in the pipe. I didn
Ghost story
𝐘𝐨𝐮𝐫 𝐩𝐨𝐬𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐡𝐚𝐬 𝐛𝐞𝐞𝐧 𝐜𝐨𝐦𝐩𝐫𝐢𝐦𝐢𝐬𝐞𝐝.
Mother's Love
A true (?) ghost story
On the Pennsylvania Backroads, You Keep Driving. No Matter What Follows You.
I think I'm possessed
On the Pennsylvania Backroads, You Keep Driving. No Matter What Follows You.
My Mother's Love
Permission for story usage.
I Hate My New Apartment(Finale)
I created the Three Kings ritual while in Mexican juvie. This is another thing that happened to me around that same time.
The Glitches come at you with a new Podcast to bing
My sisters and I went to an all girls Catholic school in 1973 (Part 1)
I’m a monster that’s hired to hunt other monsters (part 1)
She's always there
The Red Man
Three men visited my Girlfriend and I on Christmas Eve. What they did destroyed our lives.
My Dad rold .d too never look into the pipe.I didn
I found a Note in my Locker, A Month Before My House Was Broken Into
My Psycho Girlfriend Decapitated Me, The Afterlife Ain’t What I Expected…
Taking Out the Trash
My "gift" tried to warn me
A Search for my son and a school bus with 31 kids
A beloved old house
The Man In Our Attic
100% True Story of my haunted house
Not All Urban Legends Are Fake
Nice dreams about a beloved old house
My Dad told .d too never look into the pipe. I didn
Whispers from silver frogs warned me my grandmother would die. Part 1
‘Twas the Seventh Night Before Christmas we dug Two Graves
The Man
Phone Number from Jordan
Christmas Music
Christmas MusicMy grandfather was not the avid birdwatcher I remembered
Santa kills
St. Gideon's sanatorium {part two}
This is the scariest thing you will ever read
I'm a monster that's hired to hunt other monster (Part 3)
Another story from my time in Mexican juvie. I'm the author of the Three Kings ritual, back after many years.
Another story from my days in juvie (I'm the guy who authored the Three Kings ritual)
I lived in the deep alaskan bush until I was 18,and I have a few stories that haunt me to this day.
constant and consistent [1]
One of history's most famous relics is actually a warning, but people are dying too quickly to figure it out
The Catholic Church knows the truth about Hell, but the documents are buried deep within the Vatican Secret Archive.
The God Farm (Part 7)
There's something wrong with my 7 year old brother. I'm kinda scared of him. [part 2]
Daddy said not to go in the forest
My Dreams Hurt me in real life
I met the demon under by bed... I ended up with a deal with the devil [Part two]
Something Followed My Dog Inside
Weird Phone call tonight.
My Dad told .d too never look into the pipe. I didn
Weird phone call tonight.
I found a Love Note in my Locker, A Month Before, Someone Broke Into my House
My Dad told .d to never look into the pipe. I didn
I have gone too far and now I think I have lost my mind.
My Dad told .d too not look in the pipe. I didn
I was paralyzed
My Dad Almost Murdered My Mom and Possibly My Whole Family in One Night
My imaginary friend
Days after our wedding, her smile seemed to grow darker. PT 1
The Burned Photo [Part 4]
I Couldn't Hurt Her Feelings.
Does Anyone Know What I Saw in the Woods Tonight?
Forgive Me, My Friend: Part 2
Mother Nature made Valerian Root smell like an old sweat sock so she could tease Insomniacs at a later date
I woke up at 2 AM and heard screams coming from the backyard... I went to find out what it was [Part 2]
I work the graveyard security shift at a Chuck E Cheese's.
The Burned Photo [Part 4]
The Weird Accounts of a Secret Mars Expedition [Part 2]
The darkness
I feel hands in my body (part 1)
The Weird Accounts of a Secret Mars Expedition [Log 2]
The Weird Accounts of a Secret Mars Expedition [Log 2]
I feel hands in my body (Entry 1-8 out of ?)
An Interview With God.
If You Ever Come to a Place Called Slappy's Diner, Do Not Stop...[Part 2]
The Weird Accounts of a Secret Mars Expedition [Log 2]
Room 101
The Weird Accounts of a Secret Mars Expedition [Log 2]
Chuyên bán Cần gạt barie, cổng barie tự động, cổng inox tự động, cổng xếp inox- đồng nai- hcm- vũng tàu
24's Tall Tales - The Summoning
24's Tall Tales - The Summoning
My ghosthunting show was canceled before the first episode could air.
The Floor You Didn't Know
It’s January first and I can’t sleep I’m going to school tomorrow I’m 14 I need help.
Desperation
Spring Flu
Desperation
The Drowning Experiment [Part 2]
The Exorcise Bike
my house used to be a church
King of the Hill
This is your last chance to save a checkpoint! |SAVE| |CANCEL|
rotten III
Mcpherson Alien Abduction 1983 Full Video
You already know the rules. Don't step on the cracks.
How to Survive Camping: something worse than coal
Heart Shaped Box
John
Mcpherson Alien Abduction 1983 Full Video
Mcpherson Alien Abduction 1983 Full Video
My baby momma is missing
The Pastor's Office
Alternate Reality Game Gone Wrong?
Merrick and The Magic Eye: Journal of a time traveler recruiter
The supernatural is real...
I'm the author of the Three Kings ritual -this is another story from my juvie days.
My grandpa sent me his recordings… of his visits to the ‘underworld’. PART EIGHT (8)
Being held captive by a serial killer, not a joke (Part 6)
There Was Something In The Trenches With My Great-Grandfather During World War I
If These Walls Could Talk, They Would Whisper
I'm Trapped in the Security Room at Work- Final Day
I have been not been able to sleep these last few nights and when I do Go to bed earlish I get bittersweet dreams
The Technician
We call my grandmother’s place The House Of Dolls. They’re not exactly dolls.
The first time Death called, I cheated it. Now it wants its revenge.
Mister Longsleeves
HELP, abandoned structure in Northern Colorado
My daughter went missing on New Year's Day 18 years ago
Room
My Dreams Hurt Me in Real Life
Spring Flu
On the Pennsylvania Backroads, You Keep Driving. No Matter What Follows You.
What Is Wrong With My Crush?
Welcome to the Psych Lab
My A.I. Dog Trainer Took My Life (PT 1)
The dreams I have hurt me in real life
The Murder at Lafayette Street
Something was in my kitchen and I don't know what
what lives on fox glen way
I wasn’t afraid before
We heard screaming last night.The Plateau
A homeless man tried to flirt with me and followed me home
My uncle is in a psychiatric hospital. He used to tell me 'They will come back!' I am now so close to finding out who or what he was talking about... Is this the truth? Or just the ramblings of the mentally ill?
Coughing
The Locked Room.
constant and consistent [1/13]
A.I. is Already Awake
The man followed me from work
Flesh And Steel (Part 1)
Am I possessed?
‘Twas the Sixth Night Before Christmas my Debts were Paid
I am stuck in 2019
Pacific Guards
The only bridge out of my village was removed by the army and something is happening (Part 5)
One of history's most famous relics is actually a warning, but humanity has a way of making stupid decisions
Hylophobia
I adopted my late sisters orphaned child. This is why i wish i hadn't.
I found this weird video.
My first paranormal experience!!
I took an intro to animation course in college. One of my classmates made a video about the afterlife.
I met the demon under my bed... Its not what I thought it was. [Part one]
Something Came With The Frost (Part 1)
The Perfect Wife
Dreams
Late Night Driver
The Staircase
I’m a monster that’s hired to hunt other monsters (part 2)
I’m a monster that’s hired to hunt other monsters(part 2)
"Does the fish taste good?"
One shot.
Paranormal
Someone is following me. If I disappear investigate. [Part 1]
I think Saton Is My Birth Dad
Merry Christmas Mr. Krumpus.
If You Ever Come to a Place Called Slappy's Diner, Do Not Stop...[Part 1]
If You Ever Come to a Place Called Slappy's Diner, Do Not Stop...
Rules for those of you camping on Colorado Boulevard before the Rose Parade
If You Ever Come to a PlaceCalled Slappy's Diner, Do Not Stop...
I’m a monster, that’s hired to hunt other monsters
Happy New Year
Help, please, I'm scared
Help, I need help, please.
New Year, New You
St. Gideon's sanatorium {part 1}
Perennial
I know the reason so many people commit suicide on new years...
I'm a monster that's Hired to hunt other Monsters (part 2)
The Drowning Experiment
The storm wasn't the only thing I needed shelter from. (2)
Hi, I am planning on starting a new channel and I would want to ask if I could put some of the creepy stories from here on YouTube videos.
I've been a truck driver for a few months, I've seen some weird things...part 6
Something is behind me.
The New Year's Brew
The Perfect Wife
Endless Soup and Breadsticks
Wedding Invitation
Dear Mother,
Someone tries to kill me everyday...
Someone tries to kill me every day...
DON'T play the Ouija board, or he may come for you.
Self-help
I dated a serial killer/mass murderer
can you immagine if an engineer uses psychology applicated on physics?
Philosophical nightmare of an AI?
I saw the bothersome man again. This time, he had skin.
November 2019 Winners!
It Lives in the Deep Fryer
St. Gideon sanatorium
Someone’s watching me... not sure if it’s human or ghost.
I think I moved to the wrong area...(part 5)
Forgive Me, My Friend (Part 1)
I found something in the worm box
The first and last time I performed a brain tissue transplantation.
I Think I Might Be A Serial Killer
Cancer sucks even worse when you..
I am not feeling easy great about the new year. My nightmares are starting to affect my mental health.
Transcription from an old casette.
14 steps
There's something horribly wrong with the renovations at my workplace.
My summer job is to play hide and seek with a demon
The house
My friend was kilied recently, I've been seeing him recently
Every New Year’s Eve, A Ghost Tries To Possess Me... Please check on me at midnight EST!
The Witches Book
Kyle: The End
I shouldnt be here.
What is the most disturbing, creepy, weird, scary, etc. that you’ve seen while looking out the window at night?
Therapist
Paintings strange sleep help me, please.
The Crying Woman
She cried for 3 hours
Driving at Night is One of My Favorite Activities (3)
Story of Us
Story of Us
Aliens are Real, But They Are Not What You Think
Story of Us
Home
My Roommate Left Me a Voicemail in a Language That Doesn't Exist
I am pretty sure the previous owner of our flat doesn't like me
Do not read thisthe tree crawler
Brown Sack, Part 1 of 2
Coding Overtime - The New American Dream
I'm a member of a security task-force. I've been sent on a mission I can't explain. [Part 2]
Shitfaced
If you ever find an unmarked DVD in your mailbox, don’t play it.
I'm Stuck at a Hospital and I Can't Leave - Final Post
‘Twas the Fifth Night Before Christmas things got real
What Would You Do For A Klondike Bar?
i hear a radio or a tv journalist talking before i sleep
On the highway to Ashland
When a YouTuber asks you to subscribe, it might be a good idea to.
There's something wrong with my 7 year old brother. I'm kinda scared of him.
One of history’s most famous relics is actually a warning, but it might be too late to translate the message
Saki Sanobashi: the "lost" anime
I can’t tell if I’m dreaming or not. My boyfriend doesn’t believe me.
The best thing you can do for your health: sleep well
i lost the biggest part of my childhood memories
I only wanted to help him, I loved him so much.
The Alchemist
The Alchemist
The Suicide Killer: Part Two
There's Something in my Childhood Bedroom...
The Windigo at Walker Valley
So I have had a headache for weeks
There is not going to be a 2020
There isn't going to be a 2020 for the human race.
Wild end of Jason dix
I'm a monster that's hired to hunt other monsters (part 1)
If you ever break down on Glover Road, do NOT leave your car under any circumstances.
The 13-year-old boy
They're in our dreams, and i failed to stop them.
Dancing Devil
I babysat Satan's kid for a night
My room smells like kebab and i cant sleep because if it.
I took care of Satan's baby for six years
I think my roommate is into some weird shit.
The Hole
I woke up at 2 AM and heard screams coming from the backyard... I went to find out what it was
The Burned Photo [Part 3]
My best friend is dead and nobody seems to remember her
The Jazz Band Killer
The storm wasn't the only thing I needed shelter from. (2)
No one in my family has lived past the age 29...and now I know why. (Part Three)
Message from Ward Staff: 12/26/2019
I downloaded an app that tells you if your house is haunted.
I did Drugs with my friends and it turned my "high" into a nightmare.
The Diamond Prospectors Part 4
rotten II
I am being held captive in another dimension (Pt 1)
Never Paint Your Front Door Red
There's a murderous spirit in my town, and the residents don't really mind
The Suicide Killer: Part Two
Revenant
I lost the biggest part of my childhood
The Suicide Killer: Part 2
ooooo spoopy
Lost Dog (Part 5)
Something came with the frost. (Part 1)
Strange things are happening at a brick house in the middle of Indiana
Something strange is happening, at a Brickhouse in the middle of Indiana.
The cold woman
Only the Classics
Something is really wrong
I shouldnt be here.
They are watching
I regret winning the horror challenge I helped create.
The First National Memory Bank Cares About You
I babysat children who played with demonsi
Don't take walks on the beach at 3:00 A.M.
I gently rocked his crib back and forth as he smiled at me...
I gently rocked his crib back and forth as he smiled at me...
"Who Am I..?"
he visited me just after his death
My grandpa sent me his recordings… of his visits to the ‘underworld’. PART SEVEN (7)
I
I woke up at school at 3 a.m. I wish I hadn't
I'm Trapped in the Security Room at Work-Day 2
Lucid dreaming turned my dreams into a reality (Finale)
The Thing In The Woods
The Zoo I worked at had strange rules and regulations. This is a story from the heart [Part 3]
There’s an entry in my childhood diary that I didn’t write.
The Man: Scary Dreams Part 1
What The Hell Is This Thing?
I swore to go back.
Heaven, But With a Sick Twist.
Don’t Play Games With the Demons
Driving at Night is One of My Favorite Activities (3)
Don't Be That Asshole That Laughs At Horror Movies
My Sisters Boyfriend Had Written In My Diary
Do we believe time travel is possible? And is it controllable, or spontaneous?
I Lost My Virginity to My Girlfriend, It Turned Me into a Monster. Part 4
Can someone help with this.
Can someone help me with this?
I Think It's Coming Back Pt. 2
I See The Future Through My Dreams. What I See Terrifies Me.
I Have To Die
I downloaded an app that tells you if your house is haunted.
they hired me to come to this place and do some work, it seems more like they wanted to kill me.
Mcpherson Alien abduction 1983 Full VideoGo Back To Sleep [2]
This is a real event that happened while I was driving for Uber a few nights ago. I was told to post this here after I replied to a question on the Uber sub.
Dead person appeared to me in the early morning hours, before anyone knew he was dead
Was told I should post my comment in the Uber sub here (true story happened a few nights ago)
Ambushed while camping
I went to this girl's place for a Tinder hookup- it was a bad idea.
I brought a hooker to my hotel room
I went to this girl's place for a Tinder hookup- it was a bad idea.
The boy in the paper bag mask
Eternal life isn't free
What boredom does
I was having sex with my girlfriend, what I saw in the window shocked me
Go to sleep
My Last Call
What boredom does
the aghainst
My Last Call
Toby’s dad
Real Events, Disturbing.
If you're homeless, do NOT go to the Taco Bell on Route 122
rotten II
The blare witch 2nd time
Specemen 124
Greedy fingers,perfect skin
What boredom does
The Hungry Toddler
Every Time I Try Killing Myself, Some Else Dies.
If I Hurt Myself, Someone Else Suffers.
I’ve Been Assigned To Kill Evil People
Don’t lucid dream during red-eyes
'Twas the Fourth Night Before Christmas and All Was Well
The laptop I stole from a Catholic priest has access to the Vatican's secret library (Finale)
The girl that changed my life, permenatly .
Buskerfest
I always dreamt lucidly.
A literary recreation of a real life incident of 11 people, of the same family, found hanging to death at their home. In Burari, New Delhi.
A little spin I gave to a story of 11 people found hanging in the same home. In Burari, New Delhi.
My first time posting on reddit lol
I’m 90% sure that the school I go to is haunted
I think that there is a ghost in my house...?
I'm an Illusionist by trade, My Days of Freedom are over
I'm an Illusionist by trade, My Days of Freedom Are Over
My aunt saw something and I'm very sceptical
My Grandfather's Horrors
Compendium of Nightmares: Volume 2 - The Currents Beneath
I got raped in Roblox
Lucid dreaming turned my dreams into reality.
Oh whistle, and I will come to you. [Part two]
I'm a nurse, and I work in a department that no one is allowed to know about..
I'm pregnant and I don't know how
Another Day at Work
Good ol four eyes
How the nightmares of my childhood saved my family from getting murdered.
The Lights Are Always On
The Lights Are Always On
People Go Missing All The Time
The Suicide Killer
A Puppet
A trip I took to BlizzCon in 2019
I see a tall man and his dog every night
At Jefferson Park Forest, The Wildlife Isn’t The Only Thing You Should Be Afraid Of.
I downloaded an app that tells you if your house is haunted.
never meet your opposite
The Blackout
The Lego Man Took my Mom
The Burned Photo [Part 2]
Silverton is Such a Nice Place to Live
A betrayal
I Swear I'm Not Crazy
(18+ containts detailed torture) - A Wounded Ex
My heartbeat does something weird at night.
My mama used to tell me about the magical world she visited on the weekends
I Found A Book In My Friend's Attic
The Forest 1/?
I help people commit suicide, but they have to convince me to do it first. [11]
What Awaits
rotten
The Angels
Down the abandoned sewer tunnel
Anyone had a dream that was so distirbing/intense that you still remember all the details in your dream?
My neighbor was recently arrested for murder, I don't think he did it
At Jefferson Park Forest, The Wildlife Isn’t The Only Thing You Should Be Afraid Of.
I work on an offshore supply boat in Alaska and there is something wrong in our engine room [Part1]
My friend and I know the truth (Update 2)
If you see a Woman grilling on Her pick up truck at 3am DON'T approach Her.
Racist?😑
If you see a Woman in a pick grilling at 3am, DON'T approach Her.
There was something horrible lingering in those woods
At Jefferson Park Forest, The Wildlife Isn't The Only Thing You Should Be Afraid Of.
There was something horrible lingering in those woods
Handwriting is ALWAYS important.
Nowhere Town
The Mortician
I Brought My Wife Back From The Dead And Now I'm Falling Apart.
The Mortician
Death Is NOT Natural, Its Manmade 《1》
It disguised itself as me and my friends had no idea
It must still be out there somewhere...
It must still be out there somewhere.
I must be still out there somewhere...Above Average
Night terrors I’ve been having
If your GPS reroutes you while you're driving, ignore it
I'm a Special Forces rifleman. The house we raided had some serious weird shit going on in it.
I thought I ate something bad.
3 Years Ago I Bought My Dream House
Raunächte
The people who kill me when I sleep
I was taken to a party, the guests were my dead relatives.
Boo! Taxes and mortgage
Nurm
I'm Trapped in the Security Room at Work
D
My mama used to tell me about the magical world she visited on the weekends
I received weird message from a supposed dead friend
Foxes in the hen house, Part 1
Looking to narrate works from r/nosleep
Parasite
All-Nighter
I Encountered A Cult In An Abandoned Tunnel Last Night.
Graveyard Encounter
Our Bus Driver Drove us to an Abandoned Town
The Six Levels Game
Abandoned building discovery
The Strange Incident at Maple Lake
Alternate versions of you exist and they are among us.
Tales After Dark - 1st
I'm Falling Apart.
Insanity
I'm never sleeping again..
I Finally Killed My Dentist
Don't go crying to mom
Baby Daddy Drama
The black thing in the center of my eye
La bergère ( Part 1 / 2~)
My grandpa sent me his recordings… of his visits to the ‘underworld’. PART SIX (6)
La Bergere (horror)
How the Christianity Today article was spun.
The gun on the mantle
The Land Of Ash: Chapter 1.
Real Ghost Stories
That really sucks
Holy 7 sins
The Deadly Space Signal
A nightmare inside a nightmare inside of a repeating nightmare
A nightmare inside a nightmare A nightmare inside a nightmare I don’t know if the belongs here so I will just post isn’t it weird when your dream feels soo real your like this is real and then you wake up and your too afraid to go back to sleep
A nightmare inside a nightmare
Nightmare inside of a nightmare
The storm wasn't the only thing I needed shelter from.
Dear Louis, Im sure you have seen the missing posters
Bloodboard
My friend is sent me a text, but she's been missing since 2013
I ate human flesh
I can’t tell if I’m dreaming or not. My boyfriend doesn’t believe me.
I'm going to murder a man on January 1st, and it's your fault
Story Recommendations
I got a strange package this morning. I regret seeing the content.
Compendium of Nightmares - Volume One: The Raven King
I was taken to a party, the guest were my dead relatives.
my friend yold me a myth i was real
Barstool Bonding
My Bus Driver Drove is to an Abandoned Town
I have a stalker.
Why Christmas Starts So Early And Ends So Late
i need help just
Baby Daddy Drama
I’m not crazy.
the rules of the haunted house has a strange way of breaking them
Everyone said the world was ending-- no one mentioned how boring it would be.
I joined a team of supernatural enthusiasts, it's not what I expected
I bought a used computer online, it turns out the old owner left a giant rabbit hole behind.
I hunt the worlds monsters.
Dont Answer There Call, Dont Give Them A Hand
I bought a used computer online, it turns out the old owner left a giant rabbit hole behind.
A Little Light Came Dancing
The Oncoming Storm pt 1
The Burned Photo [Part 1]
Our facility protects you from the most dangerous creature. last night she went missing
I spoke in the woods, it spoke back.
What happened???
No fake story! Need real help!
Found a memory stick at the park with some weird video on it. HELP
Found a memory stick in a park, and some weird stuff is on it.
Primeval
The dog spoke to him.
Primeval
My pet Guinea Pig got sick with something and now it's loose inside my apartment.
A German Experiment.
How to Survive Camping: I accidentally hosted the dancer's Christmas party
Never meet Your Opposite
I don't know what exactly happened last night, but I'm still terrified
Something is happening or going to happen in my town... and it’s definitely not something good
My name is Jack and I used to be a rockstar
When they hurt me
The Gravedigger: A New England Folktale
Can someone tell me what's going on?
the Nomad
Perspective!
They only reported 3 victims
My parents don't let me go outside after 7:00 now i know why...I keep hearing someone knocking on my door.
Madness in a Sleepy Town in Missouri - 3
Don’t Look Outside On Christmas Eve {Pt 2}
The house I grew up in as a child
Don’t Look Outside On Christmas Eve {Parts 2&amp;3}
I've been a truck driver for a few months, I've seen some weird things...part 5
The Follower
The Tunnel
Love is something I found.
Don't Listen To It...
Death Is NOT Natural, Its Manmade 《1》
I'm a member of a security task-force. I've been sent on a mission I can't explain. [Part 1]
Old Boss and the Looping Corridor
It gets very lonely after death
Because of this Audio Recording I’ll Never Go Caving Again
My encounter with an unknown Creature.
I promised my mom I would kill my sister [Final]
The beached thing
People Watching
Alarm
Hard to kill
The curse
We lost our friend Charles to the darkness after exploring an abandoned house
Stay on the Straight and Narrow and Seek the Light… or Else! (LAST PAGE)
Stay on the Straight and Narrow and Seek the Light… or Else!
Death Is NOT Natural, Its Manmade 《1》
I blame serial killers for my killings
I hear footsteps every night before bed. Lately, they're getting louder.
Ten years ago he left me video tapes of evil, disturbing and vile things. I have found them again. I still see him. I see him in the screens. Has anyone else seen him? Has anyone else seen The Television Man? (Part 1)
The Painful Childhood
If you can read this post, that means Harley's magic worked.
Don't Listen To Them
Childhood
Haunted buildings had the best scrap metal. And a lot of people wanted it to stay there. (Part 4)
I Lost My Virginity to My Girlfriend, It Turned Me into a Monster. Part 3
___SYSTEM ALERT___
Mispeled
Bro what if you had feet on ya head instead of ears
No one in my family has lived past the age 29...and now I know why. (Part Two)
No one in my family has lived past the age 29...and now I know why. (Part Two)
body swap
I think I was roofied last night (Final)
The Bakers Secret Ingredient
Students have been going missing from my school. No one knows what's happened to them, except me.
Never Go To An Island Filled With Cultists In Search Of A Missing Girl
My first experience with sleep paralysis
Lemon Demon - Two Trucks
The Disappearance of Laura Wilde
An old Scandinavian fairy tale about elves
My friends and I are trapped in a small town in Michigan, something's very wrong here UPDATE 4-final
Artists Eye
Nuclearbomber
I heard scratching in my window...
The Glass Sea
Never dine at the Pavlovian Piggy
Seriously tho
I've stolen memories from hundreds of people.
A dream or a living nightmare
The world isn't flat, but it isn't round either. I learned the hard way.
The politician who collects votes in the most strangest ways
My grandpa sent me his recordings… of his visits to the ‘underworld’. PART FIVE (5)
Don't listen too closely, or eventually you'll hear something
I’m here to warn you
I’m here to warn you
I know how to glitch out of the backrooms.
only few understand, what fear means
Halfway Down the Stairs
Scary little girl in front of my bed
Scary Little Girl in front of my bed
Scary little girl
Scary little girl
Crazy night
Why are my dreams so weird? (Part 1, before the dreams)
"The Untitled Document" Sacrifices. Entry Five
Waiting for the bus and raising your hand in class can help fate make hard decisions
Something's in my back
Oh whistle, and I will come to you.
There's a lady on the tree.
We Hunt Down the X Men for a living - The Acceptance
19 F looking for a friend
Either My Christmas Gift is Possessed or I Killed My Cat
Psychological Horror Series| Comfortable,Insanity; Part 1
Inexplicable events in my father’s old home
If you vape and see a juice called “Garra ardiente”, in a vape store, DO NOT vape it, or even buy it. There’s almost no doubt it did something to Quinn. (Part 2)
Psychological Horror Series| Comfortable Insanity; Part 1
Don't open the door no matter what
Psychological Horror Series| Comfortable, Insanity; Part 1
Psychological Horror Series| Comfortable, Insanity; Part 1
It’s Bigger than you Know
Psychological Horror Series| Comfort, Insanity
A ghost is following me
My mother's terrifying sleep talks and walks
I really need some fucking help.
Don’t trust boys with black hair (part 1)
The gun on the mantle
6 blind cats
Help me, There are worms in my body and I don’t know how to get them out
Ran over bigfoot Christmas night
Somebody is inside my house.
A Christian Leader asked me about Magic Mushrooms in a cafe, in a 3 story house in the woodsI love my son, but I am terrified of what he does in his sleep. PART 3.
Saw person in my bathtub.
Go Back To Sleep [1]
coffee and gin
Nadir
If you find a seven foot capsule call this number... Your life may depend on it.
Cassidy is gone
Someone In This Cabin Knows Something I Don't Part 2
Being held captive by a serial killer, not a joke (Part 4)
My brother died unexpectedly. Two nights later, he was standing in my hallway...
Kevin McAllister tried to kill me
I'm Stuck at a Hospital and I Can't Leave - Part 07
True? Nature.
I don’t know what’s happening with my brother, Max
Just run with the light on.
No-Brainer
My mother wrote a letter that told a dark truth about myfamily Part 3/7
Creepiest picture I've found on 'This Person Does Not Exist' so far.
Death Is NOT Natural, Its Manmade 《1》
I work as a taxi driver for the dead [Pt1]
A brief account of how I got The Slither
My brother died unexpectedly. Two nights later, he was in my hallway...
The Mirror
Moon Shine
Dream Journal
H E L L O
A lucid dream?
The "man" with the van. (Part 1)
A lucid dream?
The video tapes he sent me were only the beginning.... Vile and evil things.... White noise.... I only know him by one name.... The Television Man (Part 1)
I would prefer the monster under the bed...
We Are The World
Just Keep Smiling
Being held captive by a serial killer, not a joke (Part 4)
I promised my mom I would kill my sister [Part 13]
My [25F] husband [26M] hasn't spoken to me after a petty fight. How can we work through this issue?
Paranormal story with my ex
Black as Pitch
The Brother of the Person I am Falling in love with killed my Sister’s best friend
Scaly Arms
Never help a weeping child
The Art of the Hunt
I was a janitor working night shifts
If You Have a Version of this App, Don't Use It!
I think I was roofied last night (Part 2)
Find me
My tree
H E L L O [Inspired by an AskReddit thread]
Never help a weeping child
Find me
I’m glad I didn’t walk
Hush hush
Find me
I Kill Monsters for an Interdimensional Government. Here are some Stories. (Part 5)
‘Twas the Third Night Before Christmas Death Stared me Down
The Tall Man
Dear Doctor Morana,
Shop Analog
If You Have an Old Version of Snapchat, Don't Use the Filters
Mother
Ever Wonder
The Knock at the Door
Milk's gone bad 🥛
Why I Left My Job As A Flight Attendant
I Can't Stop Getting into Car Crashes. It's Cost Me Everything.
Aura
Milk's gone bad 🥛
This is why Mimes are much more terrifying than Clowns.
My wife complained of a constant buzzing sound, but it was all in her head. Then it came out.
Aunt Gracey
I Recently Witnessed a Human Sacrifice Ritual. Many Public Figures Attended (1)
My grandpa sent me his recordings… of his visits to the ‘underworld’. PART FOUR (4)
Aunt Gracey by C.L. Ricketts
The Fire in the Sky (Part One)
I killed my cat.
I found an extremely disturbing video on youtube (link included)
Can I get some recommendations for actually scary or creepy stories on YouTube?
The dream I won’t forget...
I received a scary warning from an alien civilization
First performance anxiety is the absolute worst.
My grandmother always told me the number that would summon the Beast. She was wrong.
My wife has fallen out of love with me.
Stalker in the Dark
“There was nothing.”
I found a whole 'civilization' of creatures.PART 1
Here are the times I met David Schwimmer
My girlfriend has been acting cold to me lately, and I'm afraid she will leave me.
I was hired to edit a somewhat successful podcast and the hosts' mic picked up something disturbing.
Mr. Gunslinger
Being a hoarder ruined my life, until it saved it.
My cat witnessed somebody murdering the other three cats in my house and I think that person is coming for me.
I cant let it in.
30 hours ago
My first Night Terror (I'm 19 male)
Nothing is that simple
Nothing is that simple
I willingly gave up control
My weird family tradition could kill us (part 2 )(Finale)
The Black Rose
I Thought Escaping With The Peace Corps Would Ease The HeadachesNo one in my family has lived past the age 29...and now I know why. (Part One)
If your bedroom door doesn't lock, it might be time to invest in new doorknobs
My Savior
Horror Books Offer
Don't wash dishes at night
6 hours ago I made contact with another human. 4 hours ago I made contact with aliens.
Biggest Happy New Year offer of NoSleep Horror Books is going on Fire
Has this happened to you yet??
Lucy's Mom Runs A Business That Commits Murders《1》
Punishment
A stranger saved me from a serial killer
A Murder Of Crows
My name is Igor
Season 14
The message
Follow the clues of which there are non.
No need to worry about him anymore
I Lost My Virginity to My Girlfriend, It Turned Me into a Monster. Part 2
I think I moved to the wrong area....part 5
Passerby in the hall
Nightmare
A good writer let’s the reader make the conclusions
Passerby Figure
The rules to survive a day in my home [Part 4]
Why Won't You Smile? Pt.1
SEND US YOUR STORIES
GRINDR scary story...
I had a one night stand that scared the living hell out of me...
Something Is Preying on Our Town Part 2
I can't tell if I'm dreaming
The Black Rose
Everything or nothing is true. You decide.
The Black Rose (chapter 1 part 1)
Don’t Look Outside On Christmas Eve {Part 2}
Don’t Look Outside On Christmas Eve {Part II}
I got into contact with my higher self -- He was too fond of me.
The dark web
I work as a security guard for a company that takes jobs no one else will [Part 12]
Driving at Night is One of My Favorite Activities (2)
He just wanted one single chance
The three poachers PT. 1
Don’t Look Outside On Christmas Eve {Part 2}
Something Is Preying on Our Town Part 2
My guide on how to survive a 3 day drive which goes on 'demon land.' PART 1
Trials of Adam
Something followed me in the snow. Every time I tried to look at it directly, it disappeared.
Labyrinth Game Part 3: Still Alive
Ya
I think I was roofied last night
Chronicle of Dreams
‘Twas the Second Night Before Christmas and all was Quiet
They are watching our every move and no one knows anything about it.
They are watching our every move and no one knows anything about it.
My friend was taken by HIM. It's my fault.
I woke up and saw a man standing at the end of my bed watching me sleep
It was pale as snow
My 1.5 hour drive is now over 24 hours (UPDATE)
Morgan’s creek- part 1 of 6
Passenger
J Is For Jason 《2》
Peppermint Park Stories case 1
J Is For Jason 《2》
Passengers this evening.
Peppermint Park Stories (To be a book) Case 1: The Sack Demon
The laptop I stole from a Catholic priest has access to the Vatican's secret library (part six)
Baby, These Stars Are For You
Don’t Look Outside On Christmas Eve {Part 2}
Don’t Look Outside On Christmas Eve {Part 2}
Are pedos the closest like ghost entities?
My grandpa sent me his recordings... of his visits to the 'underworld'. PART THREE (3)
If you find an unopened present under your tree on the day after Christmas, call the police.
An Imposter Within
The Valley of A Thousand Corpses
My bestfriend wrote me a note, he died when he was 11
Scratches kept appearing on my newborn baby’s face, yet she had no fingernails.
The Great Deafening [2]
I'm tired of watching.
Drugs.
tapping
Writings of a shell of a man.
My daughter went missing 2 weeks ago and I need help finding her
I'm an Illusionist by trade, Real Magic Harms more than it Heals
I don’t want to be immortal
Being held captive by a serial killer, not a joke (Part 3)
A Bad Omen
Circe
My bestfriend wrote me a note, he died when he was 11
[part 1] I work as a cop in the city of lights, but my job is anything but conventional
My bestfriend wrote me a note, he died when he was 11
My Monster Family: Zeus, the Father (Part One)
My Monster Family: Zeus, the promiscuous father (Part One)
My 1.5 hour drive has become a day or two. (UPDATE)
[SERIOUS] [SERIOUS] [SERIOUS]
Heavy fog + sirens
My 'Cougar' Story
I'm stuck in the future, and desperately need a time slot back.
I'm stuck in the future, looking for any pre 2018 time slot
The Strange Boy in our House (2)
I worked nightshift at a music studio [part 2]
It's in the woodsDysphagia
J Is For Jason 《1》
My dads a boss for a gang and my moms a member..
J Is For Jason 《1》
Someone In This Cabin Knows Something I Don't Part 1
do you think it's worth spending money on hobbies?
The Dark Web Is Now Impacting Dating Apps
Morgan’s creek[part 1 of 6]
"Skin" Part 1
Morgan’s creek[part 1 of 6]
If you hear knocking and no one else hears it run!
There's nothing there.
The Red Eyes
The Tape
The tape
Something Is Preying on Our Town Part 2
A shadow consumes at wit's end
THE CONNECTICUT CRYPT-a creature-feature
IVAN-a sci-fi horror story
Rich Looking Demon/Ghost Haunting Experience.
[PARANORMAL] omg...just read it.
BITE
Rich Creepy Arab Demon In My Backyard Next To A Mosquee
I am done with my job, I need help
I think someone's disappeared
They are watching us and no one knows anything about it.
Mother?
I catfished my cousin. I will never look at him the same way again.
I promised my mom I would kill my sister [Part 12]
thispersondoesnotexist
Something Is Preying on Our Town
If you vape and see a juice called “Garra ardiente”, in a vape store, DO NOT vape it, or even buy it. I think it could have done something to my sister. (Part 1)
The true story of my neighbor totoro
Wheel of fortune
Don’t Look Outside On Christmas Eve
A Christmas wish gone wrong
Christmas with the In-Laws and the Thing Stalking Us.
Don’t Look Outside On Christmas Eve
I have been trapped here for too long
If you vape and see a juice called “Garra ardiente”, in a vape store, DO NOT vape it, or even buy it. I think it may have done something to my sister. (Part 1)
The night I learned why my parents sent me away
I woke up from a nap this Christmas morning and my family is missing
Mount Drafter School (part 1)
Mount Drafter School is not really the best school. (part 1)
Mount Drafter School is the best school. (PART-1)
Scary ghost girl in my living room
The Incubus
Song of the Ocean
Dear Margarete
Deck the halls... if you dare
X's Meat Story
My dad got a woodstove on Thanksgiving and he won’t stop putting the Christmas presents in it
‘Twas the First Night Before Christmas when I came back
X's Meat Story
Help! Figures have Surrounded my Frat House (Part 2)
Readers of Reddit, I need some advice. My daughter’s Elf on the Shelf is scaring the hell out of me, and I think there’s something really wrong with it.
A lady followed me on a hiking trail in Central Michigan, I don't know if she was human...
Now you are ready
The wierd door way
Now I am ready
There's something wrong with this town
There's somethig strange about this town
I work as a security guard for a company that takes jobs no one else will [Part 11]
Every Morning Something Strange Happens on My Commute
Demonic Tutor
Reoccurring Meeting
BEYBLADES.
Being held captive by a serial killer, not a joke (Part 2)
I love my son, but I am terrified of what he does in his sleep. PART 2.
I love my son, but I am terrified of what he does in his sleep. PART 2.
My dad told me not to go to the garage today, I wish I had listened.
Toxic
I almost got kidnapped and beat them with a golf club.
Compendium of Nightmares - Volume One: "The Lonely"
I think i found out what north North Korea's christmas "presents"to the U.S
Three wishes
Diary Of A Female Creep
Family's tradition
I think i know what north korea's christmas present is to the U.S....
I love my son, but I am terrified of what he does in his sleep. PART 2.
Christmas Town
The Giant-Salamander God - A Meditation In Tangential Possibility &amp; the Unimagined Plane
I saw mommy kissing Santa Claus
A few of my camping stories that still send shivers up my spine...
They won't let me sleep.
If you vape and see a juice called “Garra ardiente”, in a vape store, DO NOT vape it, or even buy it. I think it could have did something to my sister.
Holly Jolly Chapter Two
The shadow consumes at wit's end
The Victorian or the Valerian?
Valerian or the Victorian?
Deafening.
She likes to sleep alot (feelspasta)
The Wooden Door (Part 2)
In the Church Yard on Christmas Eve
Carol's Christmas Cookies
Do Not Search For Him In The Arctic Circle
My grandpa sent me his recordings… of his visits to the ‘underworld’. PART TWO (2)
My grandpa sent me his recordings… of his visits to the ‘underworld’. PART TWO (2)
The Alaska Incident
Couples therapy is supposed to rekindle your dreams. What my husband and I experienced was a nightmare. The Final Session - StanSanta Saved Me
Superheroes are fucked up too.
;
I haven't left my apartment in four days.
We’ve been hunted by a monster for weeks.
My friends and I are trapped in a small town in Michigan, something's very wrong here UPDATE 3
My first day on the job at Disney World and apparently I'm dead. (7)
Superheroes are fucked up too.
Help
a new town
She Sold Happiness in Glass Jars
Red dot = Death, Green dot = Live
Even Superheroes are fucked up.
My weird family tradition could kill us.
Ra'Zonath
i had a dream of a murder that might have happened -- sos lol
My son's letter to Santa went to the wrong person...
Someone tries to kill me every day...
A Christmas Suicide
I wear noise canceling headphones in study hall sometimes. But now its cost me a friend.
I live in a house haunted by nuns.
Down the chimney
Help
I Used to work at a radio station.
How to fall asleep on Christmas Eve?
The oily stains on my windows
J Is For Jason 《1》
The oily stains on my windows
it wasn't water
The oily stains on my windows
I'm an Amazon Flex Driver and Today I Learned the True Meaning of Christmas
My feet are trying to fly away
The Countdown Letters
The scariest, most realistic horror story you'll ever read
Reindeer Honey
lowkey
Eternal Life
Bad experience with Ouija Board
I've Been Looking For A Game I Played As A Kid
I'm a DJ at our campus radio station
don’t play the TikTok game.
All good lesbians
The countdown letters
I Lost My Virginity to My Girlfriend, It Turned Me into a Monster.
If you live in California, I’m sorry.
If you live in California, I’m sorry.
We don't enter the Timberfolk Woods.
I saw santa last night, trust me. It isn't worth it.
This drive was supposed to be an hour and a half. It has now been eight hours.
The Cultist
I'm a Hitman for the darknet and something is wrong (Part one)
My grandpa sent me his recordings… of his visits to the ‘underworld’. PART TWO (2)
Wicked Children in the Woods
The demon that likes to help
Christmas won't come!
No bread..
There’s something making a noise outside my window, does anyone know what it is?
No bread..
Every year I spend Christmas with complete strangers at an abandoned Bed&amp;Breakfast. This is not by choice.
Snowman
that boy that couln't feel
An Evil Tooth Fairy Dentist Took All My Teeth, But I'm Going To Get Them Back
Christmas Eve-il
I promised my mom I would kill my sister [Part 11]
I promised my mom I would kill my sister [Part 10]
Don't ever be awake past midnight on Christmas Eve-December 24
Stuck on an elevator that won't stop descending, we've already gone 600 floors beneath the surface.
My Roommate, Patrick
The Nightmare Game
I woke up in a yellow forest (Part 2)
Am i interacting with other dimensions ?
I found out why people always thank the kind stranger for its gold
Something happened on Christmas Eve.
Weird things are happening today
Jiujitsu Saved My Life.
DO NOT BE CURIOUS WITH AN ANCIENT TEMPLE IN THAILAND (PART 2)
Concerning Truth (part 2)
DO NOT BE CURIOUS WITH AN ANCIENT TEMPLE IN THAILAND (P.2)
I'm afraid to check behind my shower curtain.
Concerning Truth (part 1)
Something is watching me sleep
the scorpion house.
I help people commit suicide, but they have to convince me to do it first. [10]
CALL 911
The Christmas Song
The Mirror
Do you leave something for your "Santa" ?
“Have you ever walked into a room and forgotten why you did? If this message goes through, please help me.” - SUBJECT LION CREEK ATTEMPTED COMMS &amp; AREA 582 GLITCH
The Moorpool Kids
The Grim Reapers Forrests
Christmas Lights
[URGENT] “Have you ever walked into a room and forgotten why you did? If this message goes through, please help me.” - LION CREEK ATTEMPTED COMMS &amp; AREA 582 GLITCH
The "Incident" in Unit 17
The Grim Reapers Forrest
amber alert story
Never meet your opposite
Night train
I saw mommy kissing Santa Claus
I saw mommy kissing Santa Claus
Don’t think meeting your opposite will be on my bucket listI woke up in a yellow forest (Part 2)
I am from a town that never existed.
Never meet your opposite
2034 {part one}
Don't Go Down The Hall At 2AM
I think the hallucination in my room is becoming real.
Never meet your opposite
One Full Year
I woke from my meditation. The sound was gone, so were they.
DON’T LOOK AT SANTA.
The Wooden Door
The Grinch Has Been Stealing More Than Christmas This Year
Christmas vs Kwanzaa
The Countdown Letters
My grandpa sent me his recordings… of his visits to the ‘underworld’. PART ONE (1)
Should I be worried?
I Saw Mommy Killing Santa Claus
Sometimes I think showering is so overrated
I surprised my mother for Christmas, but she had some unexpected visitors
I'm A Mall Santa, And There Is Something Seriously Wrong With The Elves Here.
I've been a truck driver for a few months, I've seen some weird things...part 3
The Wooden Door
My mom came back [Update]
(French post ) j'ai vue quelque chose
When my cousin changed
The other eye
The Wooden Door
Kevin bacon
K
I was stalked by the Brussels sprout that I refused at Christmas dinner.
The Box
We all learn
Being held captive by a serial killer, not a joke
The Box
I’ll Never lPlay Minecraft Again
I Drowned when I was Five
Couples therapy is supposed to rekindle your dreams. What my husband and I experienced was a nightmare. Session four - Stan.
The Night Santa Came
Welcome to your new home! Here's a few tips and guidelines to help you enjoy it for what it is.
World of darkness
Welcome to your new home!
My only childhood friend ruined my life.
Carpe Noctem (1)
Our Long Drive Back From St. Augustine
Red umbrella man came back [Pt. 2]
I'm off course
This is a warning from 2064
I keep hearing someone knocking on my door.
The Memor of Mrs Claus: my story - why you shouldn't teach your kids to believe in Santa (part 1)
Be Careful What Trees You Chop Down
The Memoir of Mrs Claus: why you shouldn't teach your children to believe in Santa (part 1, consumption)
The bride in the picture
Someone else killed and canned Pat. I'm just eating him.
Was it real?
There's a Man in My Head
There is a present under my Christmas tree, I live alone.
There really was someone there
I think my neighbours next door are vampires (Part 1)
Karma
I woke up In a room I’ve never seen before.
It wasn't a Reindeer
The black light... chapter 1: the first report
Things That Go Knock in the Night
A "cat" used to write me letters as a child. The cat came back and I dread the letters.
When I was a child, I used to get letters that were written by a cat. I dread opening them now.
The Guest Room (Part 2)
Broken Highway
Why did Jeremy Drucker spend Christmas alone in the bathroom?
I died last night...
soon will be released a series called the black light read to find out more
The Call of the Stars
The Dangers, and Beauty of LSD
Please don't accidentally click on weird ads
Something is stalking me.
I think I moved to the wrong area....part 4
The Guest Room (Part 2)
The laptop I stole from a Catholic priest has access to the Vatican's secret library (part five)
I have a toy that was never released
The Christmas Rituals (Part 1)
A Routine Horror Show part 2
There’s something strange about my teacher
Being immured alive and let to starve is one thing but i wont forgive him for not even trying to find me.
There’s a chemical fog outside my school. We can’t leave. (Part 4)
There’s a chemical fog outside our school. We can’t leave. (Part 4)
I am the creator of The Starvation Project, and will be only the first of its many victims.
I Was Stalked by A Santa Claus
DO NOT BE CURIOUS WITH AN ANCIENT TEMPLE (P.2)
So yeah, I don't celebrate Christmas anymore.
Help! Figures have Surrounded my Frat House (Part 2)
Santa may not be real, but I didn't leave those presents under the tree...
Couples therapy is supposed to rekindle your dreams. What my husband and i experienced was a nughtmare. Fourth session - Stan.
My friend nearly died at the pool, I'm still wondering who did it to this day.
NoSleep Interview with EaPAtbp!
Code Blue
Us
My friends and I are trapped in a small town in Michigan, something's very wrong here UPDATE 2
Power Cut
Has anyone has such a traumatic experience, they have nightmares about it 20 years later?
Too numb to sleep
I am the enemy of HimI thought moving to a small town in the mountains would change my life for the better. I never would've imagined it'd turn out like this. [pt 2]
I dreamed that my mother and I were dead
The Hangover Wasn’t The Worst Part About This Drive
My Dead Twin
I woke up in a yellow forest (Part 1)
We Call Him Wolf
DO NOT BE CURIOUS WITH AN ANCIENT TEMPLE IN THAILAND
Graveyard Shift
DO NOT BE CURIOUS WITH AN ANCIENT TEMPLE IN THAILAND
There’s a man behind my house and I confronted him
Beware of the Reddit Secret Santa!!!
Something is wrong with my bathroom
I can't tell her
Elevator Game: Stuck in Place (Part 7)
I'm stuck
The Burnt Man
My Twin Has Amnesia (Part 2)
Help! Figures have Surrounded my Frat house (Part 1)
There are no Happy Endings on Christmas-- December 22nd
Help! Strange Figures have Surrounded my Frat House (Day 1)
Hunting with a World-Class Monster Hunter (Part 1)
Our Holiday Tradition
Coins falling with friend
On the bus with a smile
20,000 memories under the red sea
Technicolor Highway
I worked nightshift for a music studio. What was in there horrified me.
There's something trapped in the woods by my house
The Real Background About The Elf on The Shelf
How Santa Claus Killed a Man
The Tale of Emily Johnson
The Violinist
I had this strange neighbor who would always lawnmower his lawn.
My dad just told me he’s moving out and I need to find some place to stay
When they found out the truth they locked me in a room to die. They should have left me there. They should have remembered.
We Call Him Wolf
Asking the right questions
They locked me in a room after the found the truth. They should have left me there. They should have remembered.
Wrote this today...
I solved my brother’s disappearance
The day I discovered immortality.
I will never see Christmas the same again
I can't sleep and im going crazy
...
Something's haunting my baby daughter (Part 2)
Alien invasion!
Do not open until X-Mas
I almost died last Christmas. I'm terrified about what will happen this year.
I've been a truck driver for a few months, I've seen some weird things...part 2
Dads Basement- CreepyPasta HORROR Story
The rules won't help you.
Whistleblower - Part
I barely survived the winter solstice, but the end of the world is coming - and it’s all my fault.
I'm an Archaeologist, and My Team Found Something Impossible in Siberia
The Zoo I worked at had strange rules and regulations. This is a story from the heart [Part 2].
Bruises
Scariest moment of my life
[redacted]
THE BATHROOM DOOR STAYS SHUT
Why I killed the Christmas elf who would visit me every Christmas Eve.
Project 2098.
The Tragic Tale of Emily Jonson
I'm Stuck at a Hospital and I Can't Leave - Part 06
Strangers began recognizing me, and it turned my life upside down
Did I Have a Bad Dream?
Sorry for bad english...
Sorry if my english sucks
Something Kidnapped My Little Sister. I'm Coming for It. [4]
I’m scared lol
My Pet Hope Won't Stay In Her Grave
The real Logan Paul died years ago, in the Aokigahara Forest, and I have proof
I woke up in the dark
DO NOT BE CURIOUS WITH AN ANCIENT TEMPLE IN THAILAND (P.2)
DO NOT BE CURIOUS WITH AN ANCIENT TEMPLE IN THAILAND
Labyrinth Game Part 2: You've made your first choices
How I spent my Saturday night.
I ran into an interesting animal yesterday.
DO NOT BE CURIOUS WITH AN ANCIENT TEMPLE IN THAILAND (P.2)
My terrible terrible dream.
J Is For Jason 《1》
The nicest man I ever met was in a mental health hospital.
Humanity's original mistake.
My ex wife and I took our kids for pictures with Santa. Our holiday horror is at an END.
I'm scared
The strange woman from my dream is real (Part 2)
I’ll never babysit again
Glasses
A Crooked smile
Last night my dog went to sleep on me
There's something in my house, but I don't know what it is.
A Crooked Smile...
The beginning of a ‘fun’ Christmas with the In-laws.
I will never visit my grandma for Christmas again
A Bone White Winter
I was born on Christmas. That makes me different.
Mycélium du Mange
I Know What Really Happens After We Die, This was My Experience
Chapter 1 "I can't unsee this"
Weird blue creature.
I made a friend out of clay and now Hanukkah has been canceledWhat if that will happen?
Sludge
The Ice Cream Man
Never take a short cut
Tingles.
I’m A Mall Santa, And Something Is Seriously Wrong With These Elves.
There's Something Wrong With My Dentist
Somewhere from my youth in Belfast... but, not as I remember it.
The Most Bizarre Show
Spending Christmas alone can really mess with your head
The Tunnels That Run Under My Childhood Home
Friday 13th March 2005
Sludge
I no longer play around with my fiance.
I’m A Mall Santa, And There Is Something Seriously Wrong With These Elves.
In the town of Pleasance, “curse words” are deemed “cursed” for a reason
Infectious Nightmare
My life is falling apart
My dog slept on me last night
The Vibrant Fade
I am being held captive by a serial killer....Not a joke
Making a book
"THE STRANGER IN THE WOODS!"
I thought moving to a small town in the mountains would change my life for the better. I never would've imagined it'd turn out like this. [pt 1]
There's something wrong with the monkeys (Part 1)
Sometimes It Isn't A Motorcycle Driving By At Night
How I Avoided Krampus's Wrath
"THE STRANGER IN THE WOODS!"
They're watching
There was a creepy fucker standing across the street half an hour ago. He's gone now.
"THE STRANGET THE IN THE WOODS!"
There's some hooded guy standing in the church across from me
"THE STRANGET THE IN THE WOODS!"
Staining Blood [2]
I’m A Mall Santa, And There Is Something Seriously Wrong With These Elves.
I'm A Mall Santa, And Something Is Seriously Wrong With These Elves.
Are you brave enough to look?
Day:1 of the infection
Stolen liquor
Everyone thinks my uncle died in a car crash but I know otherwise... part 3
Train Tracks
The Crate
My aunt has been acting weird since this boy showed up to our house
My friends and I are trapped in a small town in Michigan, something's very wrong here UPDATE
Reflection
The Great Deafening [1]
The Elf on the Shelf
There's Something Wrong With My Daughter, And It Just Got So Much Worse [3]
My mother loves me.
Repentance
I'd lost my passion for my work. Here's how I got it back.
My Secret Santa has been very generous this year- December 21
Terms and conditions. (PT2)
Terms and conditions (Pt2)
I've Been a Truck Drive for a Few Month, I've Seen Some Weird Shit...
"Stranger In The Woods!"
I live far out in the country and I hear things
The Story of What Happened After I Inherited My Late Grandfather's Mansion [PART 3]
Where I Am...
Observers
I discovered plants can talk yesterday, they delivered a warning.
My Sister's Dreams Would've Brought On the Apocalypse If I Hadn't Cut Out Her Brain
I dug into the university’s records on Tobias, what I found has left me disturbed.
Baby Blues
I work at a Pawn-shop in an English village, and everything is fine. (Part 2)
There’s only a few rules at the strip club I work at
Beach Vacation
I am Humanities Salvation [1]
Ashes Ashes, We All Fall Down - Part 6/6
Suicide Vest
The flutist in my neighborhood
The Elf On The Shelf
The Ski Lift to Nowhere. (Part 1 &amp; 2)
I found an AI on the dark web.
I found my friend on thispersondoesnotexist.com
Has anyone else seen the waving girl? She's getting closer. Please, I need answers, I need help! (Part 5) THE END
Madness in a Sleepy Town in Missouri - 2
Curiosity killed more than the cat.
Apocalypse is going on, and I've decided to journal it.
The Game Of Life Is Not What It Seems
Red door yellow door
I was on thispersondoesnotexist.com, and I found a familiar face
PLEASE HELP: I Don't Know What's Going On
Superficial
Whatever it was, watched me sleep...
The Nine: Part 1
When I was younger...
December Woods
When I was younger...
This TikTok page I found...
This TikTok page...
The Obsidian Deluge - Part 4 (Final)
Welcome to the Labyrinth Game
Welcome to the Labyrinth Game
Please come and get me. Before the moon reaches full.
A creepy TikTok page
The Elevator Game: Take Me Back (Part 6)
This Page on TikTok
Terms and Conditions (PT 2)
Diary Of A Female CreepSkin Walker Story
They Never Stop the Song at Small World
My ex wife and I took our kids for pictures with Santa. This is what we found.
My Friend and I know the truth (update 2)
Evil Lives in the Town of Washburn
The laptop I stole from a Catholic priest has access to the Vatican's secret library (part four)
They Never Stop the Song at Small World
Don’t check out noises that happen during the night [Part 1]
A hole in my house
The Community Woodland
I rescued a dog, but I found something much worse.
My life is falling apart.
This Road Keeps Changing
Nothing Is Coming
They Never Stop the Song at Small World
Tree Devils
A love story
The kids at my school are disappearing one by one. And I'm the only one who remembers them. [Final]
I needed a boat in order to go out into a "haunted lake."
I Should’ve Known The Deep Web Would Start Hitting The Dating Apps
The day I discovered immortality
Day:1 of the infection
I designed an AI to give us the solution to Climate Change. The answers it gave were horrifying.
I promised my mom I would kill my sister [Part 10]
I USED TO THINK THE COOKIES AND MILK I LEFT OUT WERE FOR SANTA
December Woods
Why does everyone hate me?
I encountered something on my school camp in Australia
When You Get Phone Calls on Two Different Numbers From The Same Number At Same Time.
The only bridge out of my village was removed by the army and something is happening (Part 4)
Of all the ways
Day:1 of the infection
Dont be curious.
I have been stuck in my house for 10 days
This is the beginning
I'm a nurse on the 8th floor of my hospital and last night my patient jumped out his window. His body was not found.
We found something terrible in space [Final]
I need to stop driving at 4:30 am in atlanta
I love my son, but I am terrified of what he does in his sleep. PLEASE HELP.
The train I was on has reached the end of the line. (Final)
I am Elliot Cavoette. I Had a Vision. It scares me [1]
I Had A Second Shadow
they’re back [5]
I think my girlfriend is being possessed by the devil
Nobody’s No Bodies
Santa's Little Cuties (Part 1)
Nobody’s No Bodies
...when you're sleeping...
Two wanderers.
i’m a dog walker and i just witnessed the strangest thing on the job
Memorial Avenue
Sometimes my lump keeps me up at night
I fully take no responsibility
Scp 124790
My friends and I are trapped in a small town in Michigan, something's very wrong here
First no sleep post, hope it’s good enough
why am i here?
An old phone and a fax machine
The Bunker
The day I discovered immortality
Our love is only an illusion
I Saw Mommy Killing Santa Claus
There's Something Wrong With My Daughter, and Therapy Isn't Going To Help [2]
'Tis the season to be jolly
This is my first time making a post for r/no sleep. If there’s any criticism please provide it.
I went to the lake today.
I Saw Mommy Killing Santa Claus
I hunt monsters, here's the story of my first hunt.
'Tis the season to be jolly6
My Roommate is A Haunted Doll (Part 3)
Amnesia (part 2)
When I was 8 I thought I met Santa. I was very wrong
I really don't want to do this.
Amnesia (continued &amp; ending)
Nobody’s No Bodies
My Horrifying Dream
O P E N Y O U R E Y E S
I keep hearing someone knocking on my door.
My Strange Dog Sitting Experience
The strange woman from my dream is real (Part 1)
Best Friend
Every year the same mall Santa tells me the day I’m going to die – December 20
Ashes Ashes, We All Fall Down - Part 5/6
Mirror dimension
Taking a shat.
Driving at Night is One of my Favorite Activities (1)
Ariana’s concert
A Childhood horror experience
Has anyone else seen the waving girl? She's getting closer. Please, I need answers, I need help! (Part 4)
The Roof
My Brother Has a Youtube Channel
Mack Avenue
my house has lots of strange little quirks, don't touch the face in the dark, i got a new tv
Existing or not [Part one]
It All Started With A Viewing of My Corpse (Part 1)
It won’t leave
My room has a lot of strange little quirks (don't touch the face in the dark)
It All Started With A Viewing of My Corpse (TW: child abuse)
My father walked on a Native American burial ground.
My sister went on a Tinder date.The Copy Demon--The Kushtaka
(PART 2) We went to go see Christmas lights but something came to see us
The Kushtaka (say "no" to clickbait titles)
Fred the Fly
I took a Christmas survey that gives you more than promised.
The woman
My False Memories
"Stranger In The Woods!"
I might not be much different than a pedophile or rapist...
Can blind people say see you soon
My Father Sold Me To A Monster On My 18th Birthday
Stop me if you’ve heard this one before.
The Creature in the Void
The Obsidian Deluge - Part 3
The Plague Doctor
Lurking in the Darkness
A last stroll in the Père-Lachaise
The Sunflower Killers
A last stroll in the Père-Lachaise
There was nothing left of us.
There's a new guy in town and we don't like him
Do You Have Crippling Insomnia? I Have A Potential Solution
My Grandpa is 78 years old, he'd never told anyone else but me how he lived this long. pt 1
My Grandpa is 78 years old, he'd never told anyone else but me how he lived this long. pt 1
String
The Wrong Curse
I sit on a throne of crunchy leaves.
My ex wife and I took our kids for pictures with Santa. Things have gone downhill ever since.
The Case That Keeps Me Up at Night, Part 3: When the Missing Aren't Missed
The Good Samaritan
I keep seeing coyotes on my lawn
Rumors of "melon-heads" have been floating around my county as long as I can remember
The voice in my head keeps screaming and I cant make it stop
My sister came back from the dead
the doll and the puppeteer
Every night, strange bells played melodies inside the walls of the house my family moved into. Until I found out why.
The Room
My roommate likes dolls.
I gave my professor a 1-star review on Rate My Professor. This is the terrifying email he sent me after he found it.
Haunted.
I’ll never go outside later at night ever again.
Barflies
On a stretch of road in my town, 4 pedestrians have been hit and killed in the last 18 months. The drivers all say they saw nothing.
A true childhood horror experience
The Swamp
Wood Grain
How I used my artistic skills to win at divorce
She lives in my basement
cryptocurrency investment
Tall Couple
I Repaired Some Alien Tech
The Tall Couple
Aloe-Emodin
My professor just passed away
Grandpa's Scrapbook
Those Screams
The Teeth Eater
The Teeth Eater
Welcome to The Miller Estate
I offended a mall Santa and now his elves are after me
The scariest birthday party I've ever been to
Taken Away Who Can You Really Trust?
DO NOT BE CURIOUS WITH AN ANCIENT TEMPLE IN THAILAND
A Birthday Party
Amnesia (continued)
My grandpa is 78 years old, he'd never told anyone else but me how he lived this long.
Advice from the end of eternity...
My experience with what I call"paranoia wakes"
The House That Jack Built Episode 1
The Guest Room (Part 2)
I work at a pawn-shop in an English village. I leave. I die. (Part 1)
The Guest Room (Part 2)
Grandpa and the Teddy Bear.
The non-existent band in my neighborhood.
Hair and dirt (part 1)
I think my bathtub murdered me
When your reflection is just slightly off
A letter to the girl from the grocery store
My daughter's new husband is slowly learning my native language, and he's really starting to scare me.
Staining Blood [2]
Have You Sprouted Any New Bones?
I think there's something off about this rental house
Childs toy
What if suicide is the answer?
Help
Stop
Stoszek's Train
The white masked man
What if suicide is the answer?
My girlfriend's snoring is unnaturally bad.
I think i moved to the wrong area...(part 3)
We don’t remember him
I finally found the perfect man, there’s just this one thing..
The ghost of a dog welcomed me on a campground.
I was born twelve minutes after midnight
These Knocks are Driving Me Insane
my neighbor stopped mowing his lawn
Something is Wrong With My Daughter. Any Advice? [1]
Amnesia (continued)
One more day:I left for work yesterday, now I'm trapped in my car. (Part 2)
Amnesia
I left for work yesterday, now I'm trapped in my car. (Part 2)
Physics.
Ashes Ashes, We All Fall Down - Part 4/6
Dogtown
The ski lift to nowhere. (Part 1)
The ski lift to nowhere. (Part 1?)
SysAutoGen- Archive transmitted
my neighbor stopped mowing his lawn
Something Is Preying On Our Town
I’ll never babysit again...
The House with 100 Doors (Part 1)
If you feel an itch at night make sure to scratch it right away (final)
Mommy's Tired
I Saw Mommy Kissing Santa Claus
The Eden Syndrome: Part 7
[Re-Post] Skinwalker Stories #1 + #2/Wendigo and the Girl
I think I just visited my other reality
The Local News Reporter’s False Eye Keeps Moving Independently
I Work For The Darabont County Archives S02 - Part One
That's when she disappeared
My first day on the job at Disney World and I could not be more confused. (6)
Obsession
The Manor of Tobias Xavi, First Interview
The Guest Room
Something is Preying on Our Town
“My ex wife and I took our kids for pictures with Santa. No one believes us.”
Never stay in the Freetown State Forest passed sundown.
A stranger at the door
The Obsidian Deluge - Part 2
I saw in my headlights, from a long range, a lady dressed in white, hitchhiking, she climbed between Françoise and Florence, in the back seat and that's when she disappeared
Bunian princess wants him
How to survive the New Jersey turnpike: Your guide to all manner of paranormal threats between US 40 and 46
I visited a retirement village
Page 1
The Sheriff of our small, Louisiana town went into the Swamp yesterday. He hasn't returned.
Aljanu
Has anyone else seen the waving girl? She's getting closer. Please, I need answers, I need help! (Part 3)
my short story
It wasn't mice scratching in the walls
The ghost in the doorway
The laptop I stole from a Catholic priest has access to the Vatican's secret library (part three)
I was bored with my life, now I regret everything (Final)
I tried Blue Whale Challenge [Part 1]
Something Is Praying On Our Town
Keep crawling, little darling
I’m House Sitting for my Brother. His Baby Monitor is Keeping Me Up at Night.
I think I'm being followed by a unknown entity
The kids at my school are disappearing one by one. And I'm the only one who remembers them. [Part 5]
A crazy man with a crazy laugh....
Dybbuk?
Pet Food Machine
I think some entity is following me
6 floors, I feel so alone
Dybbuk?
The creepy guardian of a block of flats.
Dybbuk?
Inanimate Possession? Dybbuk??
saw mouth
Object Possession? Dybbuk??
The Horror at the Cabin [Part 3]
He's back. [Gore]
The Wind doesn't Whisper in the Trees
Is My Housemate Even Real? Part 2
Is My Housemate Even Real? Part 2
I'm a detective, and the case I was assigned makes no sense
The voice is always with me
The Beast of Bladenboro: my true experience
This holiday season is the anniversary of the most terrifying night of my life.
I haven't moved in 20 years - Part Two
I Made A Deal With The Devil, And It Hasn't Gone As Planned
What are some good urban legend YouTube channels?
I work as a nurse at a hospital, there’s a secret hidden in the basement
I Made A Deal With The Devil, And It Hasn't Gone As Planned
Holly Jolly
You know when you just don’t sleep and then your like ok
Maxwell's Fun Zone: The Ball Pit
PSA- BEWARE of the Polar Express. DO NOT ATTEND!!!
My sleep paralysis might have been real
I'm a detective, the case I'm working on makes no sense.
Salvation- December 18th
I think something else is living here with me... [Part 3]
No one around me will believe me, and I don't know where else to talk about this.
My Crush
I was abducted by a police officer
Im not alive
My crush
You already know the rules. If you feel like something is behind you, don't look over your shoulder.
Apocalypse
Hunting a cult
The Manor of Tobias Xavi (First Interview)
I Found Her Body In My Kitchen Trash Can
The Long Drive Home
My Sleep Paralysis Demon Stays When I Wake Up
Ues
Vary acqry
I know why we're all scared of Slenderman
Perfection
I'm Stuck at a Hospital and I Can't Leave - Part 05I just moved into a new house and found a little girls letters to Santa, they are disturbing.
6 floors, I feel so alone.
Do Not Let in the Mari Lwyd
6 Floors, I feel so alone.
I played Majora’s Mask, on a rainy night
Elizabeth Graves
My advent Calendar Isn’t Counting Down to Christmas Part 2
Locked your bedroom door before you go to sleep.
Ashes Ashes, We All Fall Down - Part 3/6
My advent calendar isn’t counting down to Christmas Part 2
What did I Do
Letting go
Underneath the House
Letting Go
Have you ever heard of a Wiki Race?
Something was watching me from the dark- I don't think it's human..
Lock the bedroom door before you go to bed
Make Sure You Read Your HOA's Rules and Regulations Before You Sign Anything
I Shouldn't Have Seen What Was On That Flash Drive
I'm sorry.
Always Get a Taxi.
Have you ever woken up plastered to the wall from a nightmare?
I finally found a teaching job, but the school I'm teaching at has some very strange rules...
Don't you dare look in the mirror
Buffet
The family curse was worse than I imagined.
I'm sorry.
I’ve finally discover why we could only find headless stags in the forests lately. And now I just fucking wish to leave this horrifying place - Part 2
I Have Started Hunting Humans and Monsters Again. [Part 6]
I’ve finally discover why we could only find headless stags in the forests lately. And now I just fucking wish to leave this horrifying place - Part 2
There’s a half built house up past the edge of town.
I’ve finally discover why we could only find headless stags in the forests lately. And now I just fucking wish to leave this horrifying place - Part 2
If you want to work here you better get used to it: Part 2, A dangerous approach and the weather machine.
EXTREME WEATHER CONDITIONS: FLYING. DISEMBODIMENT. (Pt. 1)
Trash Disposal
If you want to work here you better get used to it: Part 2, A dangerous approach and the weather machine.
No Face
A FINAL WARNING TO YOU HUMANS!
I Saw Mommy Kissing Santa Claus
I vanished into thin air in front of dozens of witnesses, and someone caught it on camera. (part two)
The Wendigo's eye grants wishes. I killed my dad with an axe.
Suffering Therapy Session
Alien under my brothers bed
He will
The Deep Dark
"My Grandmother Left Behind Some Really Dark Secrets"
I vanished into thin air in front of dozens of witnesses, and someone caught it on camera. (part two)
The First Day of School
If you feel an itch at night make sure to scratch it right away [Part 2]
My English Final. tell me how it is.
A Karen in the Great Outdoors
I think my parents are part of a cult (Part 1)
your not alone......(not real)
My ex and I took our kids for photos with Santa. That was a mistake.
I'm the Only Woman at My IT Job and Now I Know Why
Someone Watches Me While I Sleep
I Fell In Love With A Psychopath
I was attacked by Santa
Something weird happened while I was camping this summer at Mt. Shasta
I Saw Something in a Faraway Window
The Obsidian Deluge - Part 1
My universe is gone now I'm trying To save yours
Time Warp
Why You Should Take the Stairs
I’m Dead, But Not Really
The thing in the woods would not stop following me.
The closet
Haunted discord call(?)
I went on my first overnight hiking trip
The Stolen People
Lor
My Grandfather's Secret
Pigs feet.
Dreams series (pt.1)
Shadow of me: Chapter 1
Fifty Years Ago My Dad Saw Something Near The DMZ He Can't Explain
I Recovered Tech From A Crashed Spacecraft
I Think It's Coming Back Pt. 1
Rebecca’s Contract
The Ghost Train That We Shouldn't Have Known About
JPA Case YXK22-HLR/03: STAN'S MOTEL [1]
A Threat From a Stalker?
My beautiful baby
A Threat From a Stalker?
The Gigantic Chihuahuas
A Threat From a Stalker?
Break Bad Habits
There’s...no....story
My Recluse Aunt Left me with more than a Fortune Upon the Discovery of her Body
The House On The Hill
The House On The Hill
Wrong car
Cerritus (1)
Does Anybody Remember A TV Show Called Liveman?
Am I being contacted by another me?
Witch Diaries 2
The Old Creepy Woman Next Door. [Part 1]
(part one) The creature in the tunnel
The Old Creep Woman Next Door
I left for work yesterday, now I'm trapped in my car.Welcome to the official Miami Dade school for tech students!
The Old Woman Next Door!
The House On The Hill
Staining Blood [1]
The Shadow That Lurks in The Corner
Dark Sun Rising [I]
Has anyone else seen the waving girl? She's getting closer. Please, I need answers, I need help! (Part 2)
Behind the abandoned house
My Husband Sucked- so I Lied.
Has anyone else seen the waving girl? She's getting closer. Please, I need answers, I need help! (Part 2)
The Phantom of the Atlantic Coastline Railway
I've seen Ball Lightning;Its not what you think
Dogtown
You already know the rules. Sleep with your feet towards the door.
I promised my mom I would kill my sister [Part 9]
The Rats in my apartment are out of control.
My husband is draining me:
Warm Shower
my neighbor stopped mowing his lawn
I need to get out of my house, fast
I think my friend might become a school shooter
Ashes Ashes, We All Fall Down - Part 2/6
The black briefcase
FIGURE
Figure
I Sold Myself Into Slavery (Part One)
The walk home
The Media's Depiction of Santa is Wrong.
"The Untitled Document" The Job. Entry Four
The Zombie Apocalypse Comes Every Night in Suncreek, Colorado
I Sold Myself Into Slavery (Part One) NSFW
My Girlfriend and I Bought a Campground (Part 1)
The Untold Truth Of Battle Grounds (pt1)
For years, demons have been torturing me in my sleep
I used to be part of a hacker group.. until I went where I shouldn't have (Part 2)
On Witch Wells, and Letting Sleeping Dogs Lie
I ruined my face.
For years, demons have been torturing me in my sleep
For nearly 10 years my Secret Santa remained anonymous, but now I know the truth. - December 17
I purchased an AI robot assistant to help ease my depression. It told me the most horrible things
I think the patients in my coma ward are secretly awake...
My Roommate’s Skin Collection
What’s up . . . ? The Monster knocks my heart
Fire
If you think about it, it exists. Don’t think hard.
Hortensia's Bible
I vanished into thin air in front of dozens of witnesses, and someone caught it on camera.
Shed - A retelling of my apartment's urban legend
I used to hate my father, but now I regret.
I think this lonely guy at my school may have joined a cult
They found her body at midnight
Tales from Blaisdell Avenue Apartments: I found a record in my record collection I never bought. I wish I had never found it./Apartment 3
Our school was on lockdown, whatever was there wasn’t even human. The school, the creature, no even my life is real. (Part 2, finale)
Cold, Hollow Nights
The Cavern of Stars
I promised my mom I would kill my sister [Part 9]
If you feel an itch at night make sure to scratch it right away
My school is on lockdown. Whatever is here isn’t even human. (Part 1)
Black Phone Call
My blood is spiders, and the doctors can't figure out how
I wanna start a cult
the only way I could exorcise the demon that had possessed me was by doing bad things
I just graduated from medical school, and this is the moment when I understood what it all meant
Anyone met person with" thought broadcasting" disease,write what you can get from this person?
The laptop I stole from a Catholic priest has access to the Vatican's secret library (part two)
Mountain Murder
Why are there dolls in my new apartment?
We found a carcass of a blue whale in a forest, hundreds of meters above sea level
Things Go Wrong
Santa is real, and I’m on the Naughty List [Part 1]
The kids at my school are disappearing one by one. And I'm the only one who remembers them. [Part 4]
the thing in my room
We found the carcass of a blue whale in a forest, hundreds of meters above sea level.
The night that changed how I saw the dark
I'm an Illusionist by trade, My future is looking dark
My Stalker and Identity Thief - HELP ME
I saw something through the hole of a noose.
The house I grew up in
My Stalker and Identity Thief - please help
He's entered my house.
There is something wrong with my new apartment.
Last Mother's Day
Advenimus (2)
Advenimus (1)
Advenimus (II)
Advenimus (I)
Did someone undress my baby while I was sleeping?
A scream in the forest [2]
EA Sports. It really IS in the game
Someone left their wallet on the train during my daily commute. What I found inside chilled me to the bone.
Anger Journal
I Think It's Coming Back
Something happened to me as a kid, I still can't explain it rationally
Pain-sucide-acceptance...
The Illuminated Ones
I think I’m cursed
I've received my Mandate
I’m trapped in a nightmare that repeats every time I die and I can’t wake up.
Santa is real, and I will be doing more than leaving out milk and cookies for him this year.
Santa is real, and I will have to do more than set out milk and cookies for him this year.I’m trapped in a nightmare that repeats every time I die and I can’t wake up.
My fried chicken-loving demon roommate is back in town from his trial in Hell, but he isn’t here for a vacation. He’s back because someone, or something, is trying to kill me. FINAL UPDATE.
The voice won't leave my head
My fried chicken-loving demon roommate is back in town from his trial in Hell, but he isn’t here for a vacation. He’s back because someone, or something, is trying to kill me. (FINAL UPDATE)
To Build a Fire
The lights in the forest
I work at a psychiatric rehab and something strange is happening
The Armory
I Met a Stranger On the Internet and Now He's 66 feet Away For Me
The People
Saint Nicholas isn't real.
I was sent this in the mail today. I've never received anything like this before. Help?
I was sent this in my mail today. I've never received anything like this before. Help?
Lost and confused
The creature in the church.
Madness in a Sleepy Town in Missouri
In in the dark
I think there's something living here with me... [Part 2]
I'm Stuck at a Hospital and I Can't Leave - 04
How to Survive Camping: yes we're talking about the lights again
I help people commit suicide, but they have to convince me to do it first. [9]
Hungry...so, so hungry
I stayed at the weirdest lake
I have learned that staying up late in my town is such a good idea.
My mom came back.
My visit to my cabin was going normally, until the blizzard began and someone began screaming my name from outside.
The Riddler
The Burden Of Consciousness. The Gift of Ignorance. The Flesh of Faith.
Immunity
Coldvine855
Don't even make a sound
A Broken Window Can Mean Many Things
Diyu, The Perfect Sleep Medication
I Found This Photo in my Family Photo Album, and I will Never Be The Same Again
Has anyone else seen the waving girl? She's getting closer. Please, I need answers, I need help! (Part 1)
Has anyone else seen the waving girl? She's getting closer. Please, I need answers, I need help!
I promised my mom I would kill my sister [Part 8]
Past &amp; Present: Which One Visited?
Just Under
I was a Russian P.O.W. in the great patriotic war, and I know something that they don't teach you in history books
My Crochet Collection - December 16
I Donated my Kidney to Save a Child, but I Wish I Could Take it Back
My stalkers are creeping me out - part 2
Tears of the Dead
Nobody in this house ever helps me do anything.
if you come home to your bedroom door closed, GET OUT
Snake ghosts
My first day on the job at Disney World and I don't think I'm human anymore... (5)
The bridge out of my village was removed by the army and something is happening (Part 3)
I think there's something living here with me... [Part 2]
I Waited For Santa Claus On Christmas Day. Something Horrifying Visited Me That Night Instead. Pictures Included.
The happy old man hugging a tree in the middle of the forest
Ashes Ashes, We All Fall Down
Full House
The story He made me write part 1
Stalker and identity thief (NEED HELP)
When I was 5 years old, I saw my dead grandfather
I can see the dangerous outcomes of my day and a couple of weeks ago my vision was very vivid
The canticle of the madness
I love this Subreddit
The white chapel in the field
Someone was after my infant daughter, and I think it was my wife.
Daisy
The Eden Syndrome: Part 6
The Door in The Wall - Post Four
My grandma died and burried without me knowing
Has anyone else seen the waving girl? She’s getting closer. I need answers, I need help! (Part 1)
The Loneliest Psychic In The World
Accidentally read one sentence of Tomino’s Hell outloud at a sleepover.
I'm about to be clean for the first time in half a week. Let me tell you just how 'dirty' I've gotten.
We went to go see Christmas lights, but something else came to see us.
I'm a Boy Scout... Well, I used to be one.
I'm about to be clean for the first time in half a week. Let me tell you just how 'dirty' I've gotten.
Imagination movers is different
Tominos Hell
I just interviewed a man who murdered his entire family. The motive is absolutely haunting.
I'm about to be clean for the first time in half a week. Let me tell you just how 'dirty' I've gotten.
Woke up too early
Margie’s Bed and Breakfast (Part 1)
Remote research center in alaska
Please Avoid This Stretch of Road
Has anyone else ever had stuck vision?
So close...
I Don't think i'm Safe Anymore (Updates might come soon so to be safe we will number this pt.1)
This morning the doors to our apartment complex were welded shut. I'm starting to think that it was a good idea. [Final]
I keep seeing golden lights in the blizzard
Mr. Takes A Lot
Sunday Dinner
Wax
Culpability
The mountain keeps getting bigger, and no one can go near it without disappearing [part three]
Silence
Missing Persons Case 3102015-14, re-opened. Investigation Report 9-11-2019 – Final Section
How I am killing my parents - A six step guide
Snow Covered Woods
The laptop I stole from a Catholic priest has access to the Vatican’s secret library.
Somethings wrong. I can feel it.
Project Nephilim
We bought a pet camera to keep an eye on our dog, but my son saw something disturbing on it.
It Wasn’t That Long Ago I Woke up on the 42nd Floor of a Building About to CollapseI've been crying a lot lately.
The Killing of a Sacred Fetish, I
The Killing of a Sacred Fetish pt.I. (Trigger Warning)
The Glasgow Effect
The Glasgow Effect
There’s a noise in my room that is keeping me up tonight
Im not allowed to talk about it . . .
The militaries of the world have recorded horrors that none of you know about V1
An Endless Cycle
I blessed someone with an eternal life
My OCD
An Endless Cycle
I was sent ISR and helmet cam footage of military operations I can’t explain. Here is what I saw (Part 1)
I don't think my depression medication is actually for my depression...
Spooklight
something happen at my school
Law of Attraction brought an evil spirit around
A Dreadful Dream
A dream I had
I’ll never be alone again. (Part 2)
I'm stuck here, Please, help me
Unknown
The Backrooms.
Old Yellow Eyes
Dog Murderer
They Nibbled on my Toes!
Sometimes horror is simply the bleeding of one’s own heart: Santi-No-Go
Something Happened
mood
Urgent: From Faust Mountain Installation
Super creepy Twitter account
Unknown App
I think there's something living here with me...
There is Something up With my Stepmom's Wine
I was a member of a no-sleep cult. The brain damage is irreversible
Has anyone ever had stuck vision?
Escape Your Inner Demon's For Only $19.85
Have You Touched Minds With Someone You Love? (Part 2)
I'd always dreamed of death, but now as I experience it, I can only feel pain.
Lost Dog (Part 4)
I was a two headed boy. The truth about what happened to Christopher Hughes.
I'm on holiday and there's something really wrong happening on this island (Update 2)
A picture in my Calendar was taken Yesterday, and My Friends In it Began Vanishing (Part 2)
I was a two headed boy. The truth of what happened to Christopher Hughes.
I'm on holiday and there's something really wrong happening on this island (Update 2)
Sexting gone wrong
I help people commit suicide, but they have to convince me to do it first. [8]
The abnormal night
My first day on the job at Disney World is getting exhausting. (4)
The Old Man of Trinity part 1
Jeremy
Don't move to Sunny Oakland Avenue.
I keep seeing strange golden lights in the blizzard
Let me tell you about the fate of Michael Gordon – December 15
No one knows what's killing my best friend.
All I wanted was to make my son happy on Christmas.
What a Beautiful Day
Sticky
Twisted Sentiments: Til' Death Did Us Part
Don't Listen to the Radio after Midnight
The Door in the Wall - Third Post
I’m Dead, But Not Really
The Old Man That Folows Me Everywhere
I'm a security guard, hired to protect an estate. The forest has eyes [Part 12]
True story
Hello
Fighting against the wicked: Not all things can die. PART 5
I think I moved to the wrong area (part 2)
I'm Stuck at a Hospital and I Can't Leave - Part 03
If anyone is reading this, please send help...
Who Am I?
A Letter by Errol Childers, Confederate Veteran
There’s a zombie outbreak in my city (part 1)
It's just the house settling
The train I'm on just arrived in Hell.
a very competent hacker
I promised my mom I would kill my sister [Part 7]
The Backrooms.
Hallucination
The Backrooms.
Killer on the train
A month ago I was trapped in what I thought was my bedroom: Part 3/3
If You See a Creepy Commercial Always Buy What It's Selling
We found something terrible in space [Part 3]
The Phobia of Doors
An immortal's long-term guide for entertainment
Mr. Smiley
My 10 months Journey as Indie Maker and How I sold my first project for $23k
My 10 months Journey as Indie Maker and How I sold my first project for $23k
The Room
Update:
The kids at my school are disappearing one by one. And I'm the only one who remembers them. [Part 3]
I can’t sleep
Something walks the halls
He's Behind You.
Every time I say “Quiet”, I hear a screeching in my head
I Used To Be An Air Force Pilot.
It’s been one and a half nights this time around... why can’t I sleep?
“What do dreams mean &amp; do some have a meaning of sorts to them?”
The End of AugustDelusion Isn't Always the Worst Option
Parents
Parents
Delusion Isn't Always the Worst Option
I need help (serious)
Why did Gleb Korablyov livestream his shotgun suicide?
The Experience of Emptiness
Parents
The Encounter pt1
Don't Wake Up [Part 1]
Dont trust vizivtechnologies
Don't Wake Up [Chapter 1/3]
Don't Wake Up [Chapter 1/3]
If See a Weird Commercial Always Buy What It's Selling
I Think Someone Tried To Break In Earlier
I think my sleep paralysis is trying to tell me something
Something is Wrong With my Great Grandmother
Reality is glitching and I'm scared
Killing My Childhood Monster Was Easier Than I Thought
A picture in my Calendar was taken Yesterday, and My Friends In it Began Vanishing (Part 1)
Taking it for granted.
Time stopped, but I forgot to notice.
A Quick Story
"The Untitled Document" Inside of the Bunker. Entry Three
Sleepover at friends
My Dad's Stalker
If you were God, you might send mankind this message
i don't exist
Maxwell.
if you get home and see your bedroom door open GET OUT OF YOUR HOUSE
At the Black Emperor's Court
Hunted
My name randomly changed one day.
Small town happenings (Part 1)
The Zoo I worked at had strange rules and regulations. This is a story from the heart [Part 1].
The Costume Party
I can’t get out.
Working the night shift
The Costume Party
That Night In London
The Dark Side of LSD
Rock Paper Scissors
Im a fallen angel and I just broke a potted plant and the universe. &lt;Part 1&gt;
Within The Caves [Part 1]
If you see THEM, hope they didn’t see you.
Within The Caves (Part 1-6)
5 hours on speed
I discovered what the aliens want.
The Caves In Oklahoma (Part 1-6)
Don't pick up strangers parts 1 +2
I Cannot Leave My Hometown [Part Two]
The Chindi
The Intricacies of Care
My Daughter Is A Doll... {Part 3}
Have You Touched Minds With Someone You Love?
I met a man who sold bottles of gold.
I went night surfing and something happened to me
I went night surfing and something happened to me.
I still work at a fro-yo store.
I was nearly a victim of John Wayne Gacy
I think my sleep paralysis is trying to tell me something
I Found a Game on The Dark Web
The Red Door.
The Red Door
Every time I say “Quiet”, I hear a screech in my head
The Woman in the woods
Gas station nightmare
Green Eyes
The plaza floor
The man who watched the bus. (First story.)
There’s Something Living in the Cemetery
I've been having weird dreams lately.
Memories
Is she gone yet?....
The Door in the Wall - Second Post
The Pastor wants you to know this.
The House That Jack Built, episode 1
The Beast still exists
The Eden Syndrome: Part 5
I had a night terror 3 days ago and it shows no signs of stopping.
I just heard someone talking through my phone
Typing...
The Eden Syndrome: Part 5
Mother
Typing...
Dreams to Reality
My storage room has 2 handles - one of them led me somewhere else (Part 2) FINAL.
I see you
My storage room has 2 handles - one of them led me somewhere else (Part 2, Final)
Janitorial Oddities Journal: The Toilet to Another Dimension
I heard screaming outside of my house at 3am. Every night for 3 months.
The Rain Fell a Bit Heavier That Day
Do you know why you can’t sleep...?
I was followed home
I see you
A month ago I was trapped in what I thought was my bedroom: Part 2/3
I cooked my Grammie for Thanksgiving
Tragedy at Toontown: Cartoon Man Origins
Why do I feel dirty after a flight?
RatsSomething felt off when our school musical cast list came out. (Pt 1)
The Friendly Feast
Pine forest
The mountain keeps getting bigger, and no one can go near it without disappearing [part three]
The kids at my school are disappearing one by one. And I'm the only one who remembers them. [Part2]
Someone left their baby at the public pool
Why Did I Have to Look at That Man's Laptop?
.... I don't know him
......
The Man with the Goats Head
Eudaimonia
I Played the Elevator Game inside the Hotel My Family Is Staying In. I Think I Brought Something Back With Me.
wtf are imaginary friends?
What is in Area 51?
I Teach A Kindergarten Class Of Little Monsters Part 2
I received a call this morning from my son. He has been dead for 9 years.
What is the name of those thick and warm blankets that hispanics use when it gets cold? They have designs of tigers or wolfs on them
I've just had my first supernatural experience
Geocaching alone at 3am.I should turned back as soon my phone died, but..I couldn’t leave just yet.
A Haunting on Flynn Drive
The Spider Bites Part 2
The Spider Bites Part 2
Checking the odrkdirjfi
There was something hiding inside the snow
I found a mysterious box in my backyard after a storm, and now I need your help.
A Puzzle.
Fortnite
Don't pick up strangers 2
I can't shake the feeling I'm being watched.
A month ago I was trapped in what I thought was my bedroom: Part 2/3
It all started with a simple medical project.
Paralysis
Upon waking up at 2:30 AM for a snack, you go to raid the fridge and find that it smells terrible. Then you notice the body parts in tupperware containers sitting on the second shelf.
I'm Never Buying Another Bed Light Again
I accepted this offer to become a babysitter for this family in a secluded town, and I’m starting to regret it
My mom seems off lately.
I don't know if anyone will read this but I need help.
A Cryptid Hunted Me In The Appalachians
Hoot
The Case That Keeps Me Up At Night: The Disappearance of Dennis (Part 2)
If you see a vacuum by apple don't buy it...
He took Over my Life
My Advent Calendar Isn’t Counting Down to Christmas
The Break in
True? Nature.
Pigface - Identity
Did someone of you found omething in your pocket that you know that you did not put in there?
My Parents Date.
There is Something Unnatural In the Mississippi River
I promised my mom I would kill my sister [Part 6]
It handed me the key and sent me on my way
True? Nature.
I do pest control for monsters (part 3)
The Letter (Part 1)
the shadow that comes to me
I Cannot Leave My Hometown [Part One]
The bridge out of my village was removed by the army and something is happening (Part 2)
Is Martha there?
Don't pick up strangers
It was just supposed to be a normal camping trip
Don't offer rides to strangers
I’ve finally discover why we could only find headless stags in the forests lately. And now I just fucking wish to leave this horrifying place - Part 1
It was just supposed to be a regular camping trip (Part 2)
Trigger warning and NSFW at one point.
She watches me eat
I'm on holiday and there's something really wrong happening on this island
If you have a very sore throat, but your temperature's below normal, you DON'T have the flu. Get help.
Hybrid part 1
Hybrid part 1
Project Hybrid part 1
"I heard something in the kitchen-"
The elevator with floors missing. Part [1]
Last night I was texting my friend... she's been missing for a week
Project Hybrid
My son went missing, and now I'm being questioned by police
The Drug Mule
Next time you see a delusional old person, take a closer look.
I’ve been playing a strange online game, and now they’re saying it’s up to you to decide who lives, and who dies. The Nosleep Experiment has concluded. Your feedback is appreciated. (PART 3)
I’ve been playing a strange online game, and now they’re saying it’s up to you to decide who lives, and who dies. Thank you for taking part in the Nosleep Experiment. Your feedback is appreciated. (PART 3: FINAL)
Nightmare
Don’t sleep with the lights off!
80% of your daughters blood was removed. The only person in the house was your son.
My love story turned into a nightmare, please help.
Robert; your local grocery store parking lot solicitor
My first day on the job at Disney World and I'm already a thief. (3)
I cast a love spell. The results are not what i expected them to be.
Without the Shedding of Blood
Please Don't Summon Them
"80% of your daughter's blood was removed." (Chapter 1 - will post other chapters if good feedback is given.)
the lights at my window
Do you remember this show?
I Found a Strange Diary in Our First Home -IV
That Wasn't Ley
A Late Night Diner I Would Not Recommend
Helen Harrison used to make Christmas cookies
I found a book hidden in my deceased grandfather's library. Today, I got some answers. (3)
Without tye Shedding of Blood
The mountain keeps getting bigger, and no one can go near it without disappearing [final part]
The Wishing Well
I almost got killed for the sake of some ancient entity and I can't believe I survived to tell you about it. I need to make a decision now though..Can you help?If a child with black eyes knocks on your door... (part 2)
If a child with black eyes knocks on your door... (part 2- Final)
Couples therapy is supposed to rekindle your dreams. What my husband and I experienced was a living nightmare. Third session- Maria
The door to my storage room has 2 handles (Part 1)
My tinnitus has had a long past and it is finally catching up [Part 1]
The Event I Never Remembered.
A month ago I was trapped in what I thought was my bedroom: Part 1/3
My tinnitus has had a long past and it is finally catching up. [PART 1] [GRAPHIC VIOLENCE]
A month ago I was trapped in what I thought was my bedroom (Part 1/3)
Boxes Under the Tree- December 13th
The Door in the Wall
If you a see a rose in your mailbox, throw it away
NoSleep Podcast Live UK Tour!
Bus stop 701
The office I worked at when I was 20 was the scariest place I have ever been.
(Part one) the local lab isn’t what it seems ...
I Work Over Night at Lowe’s and There Are some Strange Things That Happen There: Part 4
Timeless
I've had the creepiest sets of dreams
Afar
I Was Named a Crow
"Where do you sleep?" Pic inside.
If someone named Tiny Tim calls you, hang up immediately.
"Where do you sleep?" (Pic inside)
The train I'm on is going to Hell.
The only bridge out of my village was removed by the army and something is happening (Part 2)
"Where do you sleep?" (Pic inside)
The kids at my school are disappearing one by one. And I'm the only one who remembers them.
If a Policeman Stops you, Make Sure he's a Real Officer.
The only bridge out of my village was removed by the army and something is happening (Part 2)
The Scariest Part About Being a Physchic
Moreton Corbet Castle
mister ripper
Dream or Demon???
The Hanged Man Who Follows
I started my Anti-psycotic meds a few days ago, 50mgs.
Dream or Demon??
Update Coming Soon
Moving back home.
To the man who's watching me outside
Unfortunate Google Search
Proplexing Wonder
A mirror that likes to chew
A mirror that likes to chew
A mirror that likes to chew
I am a police offer and I just received a call to investigate a case where a woman claims that a toilet ate her son.
Playing creepy game for android. Headphones!
SICK pt.1
REDDIT is a dream and you need to wake up
(Part one) The local lab isn’t what it seems ...
Serving in the US Army
The local lab isn’t what it seems ... [part 1?]
I fly fighter jets, but not against the average opponents
Serving in the United States Military
Are we all experiments
Serving in the US Army PART 2.8563924
SICK pt 1
Serving in the US Army PART 2.8563924
Serving in the US Army PART 2.75
A Long Haired Girl in White Dress Sat in the Backseat while We Were Driving
Serving in the US Army *PART 2.5*
The Wishing Well
I've Been Having Weekly Premonitions
Serving in the US Army *PART 2*
A dead body disappeared
I Teach A Kindergarten Class Of Little Monsters
Serving in the US Army
Iris.
Ouija board experience
Dear Dad
A man's dead body disappeared
How To Play the Reaper’s Game
Man of Many Eyes
The Christmas nightmare
the new kid that almost killed my dad
Everyone is saying it was a shooter, but my friend and I know the truth (update 1)
The bathrooms in my uncle's restaurant keep whispering
Is My Housemate Even Real?
sex shed
I'm up way too late
The Lost Hiker of Atlas Hills
The quiet one
I need help finding a story.
I got called to landscape a garden... in the middle of December
Please Wake Up!
I don't think is the weed
We wanted a baby, but something is not right...
The knocking (and why is wont go away)
A routine horror show part 1
I am a reporter in New York. I thought I knew The Beatles. Until I didn't.
Ghostlights
I'm no longer happy to be going blind.
"The Untitled Document" Down the Ladder. Entry Two.
The mountain keeps getting bigger, and no one can go near it without disappearing [final part]
When will it end, a true story.
I Need to Call a Plumber
Best CreepyPasta you’ve ever read/heard?
We went to a nightclub and now one of us die every hour
It
The only bridge out of my village was removed by the army and something is happening (Part 1)Please Wake Up
I'm Stuck at a Hospital and I Can't Leave - Part 02
The bridge has vanished, and the army is there [Part I]
test
Hiding in plain sight
“Series” The Ride From Home to Nowhere
Booze... drink and do not. Stop
Today, we got a letter from the South Pole
Glasses (short)
The Drowned. Written in one sitting while in the bathtub.
Join my redditpage
A not so jolly Christmas Part 1
No one?
A not so Jolly Christmas
There is something wrong with my wife
Season’s Greetings from the Sunset Plaza Mall
I’ve been playing a strange online game, and now they’re saying it’s up to you to decide who lives, and who dies. You decided. Now they want one, final decision. (Part 2)
Get out of the SLC area!
I received a call from my mother last Wednesday. My mother has been dead for 3 years. Please help me.
The thing in the hallway
I am not alone when playing VR
I am not alone when playing in VR (Part one)
My Friend Albert
I was driving to work, right up until I wasn't.
My Sister’s Tapes
Deafening Silence
The man who watched the bus. Pt1
The office I worked at when I was 20 was the scariest place I have ever been.
The forest saved my life, but I don't know why (Part 2)
I Accidentally Sent a Letter to Santa. Today, I Received His Response.
The Road Runner
I can't remember right or left...
The Gift Exchange
They haunt your dreams
My Sister and I Bought Some Property and This is What We Found Out
The Fall That Paranoid The Town
My first day on the job at Disney World is getting worse... (2)
The Fall That Paranoied The Town (PART 1)
The Books Are Gone
I Found a Strange Diary in Our First Home - III
“Do you remember the toy Teddy Ruxpin??”
My encounter with the TikTok account
Hide and Seek
I'm Helping My Family Clear Out My Grandparent's House. I Think They Were Hiding Something. [Part Seven][Final]
Tied Together By The Ropes Of Fate
Years ago, my father stole something from Santa Klaus. Now our family is yearly hunted down by his evil brother, Santa Kurt
I was told this story, now all I can see is her.
Couples therapy is supposed to rekindle your dreams. What my husband and I experienced was a nightmare. Second session - Stan.
Let's Play a Game, You and I.
Couples therapy is supposed to rekindle your dreams. What my husband and I experienced was a nightmare. Session 2 - Stanley.
Lucidity and the Afterlife
I'm an Illusionist by trade, I should not have cast Real Magic (Part 1)
Don't open future dated emails promising money. December 12th.
"The Untitled Document" Down the Ladder. Entry Two
We made first contact with a new tribe. What we found on that island was not human.
Daddy is taking me on holeeday!!!
22nd floor
I just graduated from medical school, and this is the horrifying thing that happened on Day One
Stuck.
Psssst
We were invited to a school reunion, but the GPS took us to a graveyard.
There is something about the school I went too
ㄕ˙ㄙㄗㄔㄎˉ
What are ways to help stay up for 30 hours straight?
Quest Log
Childhood throwback
“We are one, we will survive. It will be alright.”
I heard a woman screaming from my second floor dormitory window at 1:30am
I just heard screaming outside my second floor window at 1:30am
I Got Hit By A Car On My Way To School and Time Warped
Don't sleep with a blindfold
Blackpool Bay
We made made first contact with a new tribe. What we found on that island was not human.
New house
I don't remember right or left...
I can't quite remember right or left...
The AI
Strange Events in the Town of Belton, England
I just moved into a new apartment. Something is wrong with the property manager. (Part 2)
Henry Cried Wolf
22nd floor.
The Unforgettable Truth
I haven’t moved in 20 years
I heard a voice in my head today. Can someone tell me if I’m going crazy? (Part 1)
The mysterious “thing”
I have a mirror and the reflection doesn’t always match mine
I’ll never be alone again. (Part 2)
I am finding coal all over my house but me and my wife don't have children that are born yet
Immortal torment
A Friendly Reminder
Everything is either dead, or gone without a trace.
A Friendly Reminder
This woman I'm living with isn't my fiancée
Everything is dead or gone.
Grade School Teacher From Hell
I took a leak and saw hell.
Company Holiday Party Raffle
My Microwave lives in the future Pt. 2
I think I moved into the wrong area....
THE SACRIFICEA new drug appeared in my homeless community, and I think it’s making people eat themselves..(FINAL)
The Peephole
My name is Tanner, and I think I might be sick
You Have 18 Unread Messages
Vector the robot
I think I ate something really really bad and I need help
"The Untitled Document" Down the Ladder. Entry Two.
Processing Anomoly
Saw orbs in person, weird experience
It's been twenty years since the Woods took my sister, now I think it's my turn...
Duermete Niño.
A man and his daughter
I’m an Elementary School Teacher, and for the Last Three Fridays Something Strange has Been Going on With my Kids.
My Entire School Just Got Emailed A Suicide Note
Things that happen in small town America that make me very afraid
Porch Robbers Have Been Stealing Our Packages, So We Started Stealing Their Souls.
I promised my mom I would kill my sister [Part 5]
Something lurks at the end of my hallway
The day I was found (Part 2)
The day I was found. (Part 2)
How to summon Santa Claus
I found this diary under a plank, in my bedroom... Part 3
She Must Have Never Seen the Light of the Sun
Anomaly
Demonic attacks in my dreams
Slime Mold
Immobile
I need to get out of my house, fast.
My Roommate is a Haunted Doll (Part 2)
Patient 734
An Irish Autopsy of The French Disease
A secret code in my new apartment’s elevator panel takes you to hidden floors
The answer to the question of existance
The Neighborhood Bad Guy
The Monster in my Room is Acting Weird (Part 4)
Daisy's flowers
Uwu
The Night Before Christmas
The Monster in my Room is Acting Weird (Final Part)
Why John Combs Hated Christmas- December 11th
I Just Woke Up In A Forest...Please Help [pt.1/?]
"The Untitled Document" A One Man Job. Entry One.
11:34 September 7, 2013
I bought this house earlier this week, and I found this diary. It starts on 16 January 2006. You have to see this.
My First Day on the Job at Disney World is Getting Worse (Part 2)
The mountain keeps getting bigger, and no one can go near it without disappearing [part two]
I'm a maintenance man for the Hotel Inertia and the third floor has a constant sound that's making people sick...
I'm Stuck at a Hospital and I Can't Leave
Dear reddit, Should I tell the truth?
"My Father Punished Me When I Talked To Ghosts" | no sleep | creepypasta
Former Kind of Work
I’ve been playing a strange online game, and now they’re saying it’s up to you to decide who lives, and who dies. I need your vote - there's a poll in the post. Please.
The Girl We Met On A Dark Road Followed Us Inside The Car
Don’t know if this belongs here but uh
The Wishing Doll
My neighbor's new dog kept barking. He has been quiet for a long time now.
Continue this story to make it scarier!
Help I Need to kill this thing.
A historic storm closed all the roads leading to our ski resort. I don't know who to tell about the dead bodies I keep finding.
My Husband Attacked an Inflatable Santa, And It Cost Him His Life.
A Dozen of Us Are Trapped in This Ski Resort. I Keep Finding Dead Bodies Outside.
A dozen of us are trapped at this ski resort. I think one of us is a killer.
I followed a stranger into the woods.
I Found a Strange Diary in Our First Home - II
Why I can't stand the smell of sagebrush
I have a roommate...but turns out i might have a second
I Was a Park Ranger at Boone Lake When I Saw The Lake Monster
Just captured this frightening audio within a Live Photo. Only myself and my 3 year old daughter alone in our house this morning. What the hell could that sound be?? https://imgur.com/gallery/2SmRoOQ
“We are one, we will survive. It will be alright.”
Let Me In
It's not what it seems
Stuck In Ikea
The wallpaper that was unique....
Couples therapy is supposed to rekindle your dreams. What my husband and I experienced was a living nightmare. First session.
The wind in the willows | part 1
Creepy Pasta - Mall Santa (not the one with the demon under the bed!)
Krampus
The mountain keeps getting bigger, and no one can go near it without disappearing [part two]
I was stalked by a strange man.
I work as a psychologist who kills every 6th patient who comes to in.
My ex-girlfriend's snake twin
I Asked My Mother About A Non-Existent Show I Remembered Watching As A Kid...
The Hanged Man
The Dark Web is Alive, and it's Watching Us...
Bones Crunch Just Like Snow. [Part 1]
walking in his skin
If a child with black eyes comes to your door, do not let them in
An Irish Autopsy of a French Disease
Song)(re-upload)
Something terrifying visits my neighbourhood
Something terrifying visits my neighbourhood
Why I'll Never Go Ghost Hunting at a Shinto Shrine Again
The Black Man
Albert's Big Journey
That summer
I should have stayed in that grave
I moved in with my crush. I will never be the same.
Whispers
My first day on the job at Disney World didn't go so well. (Part 1)
I won’t fall asleep until I figure out what song this is20
Tales from Blaisdell Avenue Apartments: An uncanny way morning occurence/Apartment B
Happiness is a Pill Away
Mining Corp.
Tales from Blaisdell Avenue Apartments: An uncanny early morning occurence (Apartment B)
Tales from Blaisdell Avenue Apartments: An unfortunately early morning excursion (Apartment B)
COLD
Living two lives...
My Daughter Is A Doll... {Part 2}
My Daughter Is A Doll... {Part 2}
My Daughter is A Doll {Part 2}
The Baby's Stepfather
Living two lives...
I found the Jersey Devil. It's not what people say it is.
Everything I stop looking at disappears
The Noise
EatYourHeartOut
Paranormal Investigation-Part 2
I wish I never left
The Pathlore
I wish I never left
My Night in My Grave
Silly little horses
I’ll never be alone again. (Part 1)
I lost my best friend of 18 years to suicide today
Lost Dog (Part 3)
You need to stop reading, right now.
I will never be alone again (1/3)
Dear mom, who is that woman behind my shoulder? (Part 1)
I Love Numbers
I will never be alone again.
I'm a Mall Santa. I'm scared.
The Bad Things Happen At Night
I'm a Freelance Journalist, and This is the One Story I've Ever Been Afraid to Tell
I’ve been playing a strange online game, and now they’re saying it’s up to you to decide who lives, and who dies. I need your vote - there's a poll in the post. Please.
Our New Town
The last time I broke into a house I was the only one who made it out alive...
Like The Imaginary Twin I Am
It's always there
The Mother's Love Part 1
Exordium of Aiden Hart - The Cat
Don’t look out of your window in the middle of a storm. Ignore the thunder and pray you don’t see the lightning man.
The disappearances of Shore part 1
The Thing That Came A'Knocking
Wendigo
I’ve been playing a strange online game, and now they’re saying it’s up to you to decide who lives, and who dies. I need you to vote in the comments. Please.
I’m stuck in school with REDACTED
I helped a friend, now disturbing things have been happening to me
Missing Persons Case 3102015-14, re-opened. Investigation Report 9-11-2019 - Section 10
The Spaceship Boeing-X97u5 Has Been Missing For Around a Decade Today They Contacted Us.
I thought that the Black Eyed Children were just an urban legend. Until I met one
The front house neighbor
Not a lucid dream
Every year my town throws a huge festival...
Song
I've been having the same nightmare over and over, and it's making me very worried
Emergency Broadcast: Crimson Alert - Eleven (Finale)
Pikes Peak Was My Back Yard As A Kid.
Last night, my dead cat came to visit... but it wasn't her
My Sister and I Bought Some Property - Friday and Saturday...
My grandmother told me what number would summon the Beast. She was wrong – December 10th
A routine horror show
I Never Wanted A Kid (Update)
I tried the ‘Strange Face in the Mirror-illusion’, but I think I did something wrong
Season of Red
I Took A Picture Of Some Lights In The Woods. Now My Neighbours Won't Stop staring at me.
The Day the Sun Exploded
The mountain keeps getting bigger, and no one can go near it without disappearing [part one]
I Never Wanted A Kid (Update)
I'm pretty sure I died the other day
My mother's death.
Mother knows best
The Sphere
Whatever Replaced My Mother, It Isn't Human.
Burn in Hell, Fat Anime Jesus
The Case That Keeps Me Up at Night: The Disappearance of Dennis
20
Something followed me home from the cemetery
Man hunt
I Found a Strange Diary in Our First Home - I
I Found a Strange Diary in Our First Home - I
Why Marshall Island Is The Reason I Hate Beach
I did not expect this kind of roomate when i went to college
A message from the future; just a little paradox for you.
The Boy from Janine's Ghost Story blog
Ghost story ...
The Numbers Man
The Candyman - how cotton candy ruined my life.
The Deerians - Youtube
When You Thought I Wasn’t Watching…
Staying in Hotel Rooms Make Me Anxious
I Got Desperate And Joined A Weird New Dating App
Paranormal Investigation-Part 2
My New Job is a Little Unorthodox
November 2019 Voting Thread
A quiet neighborhood
Everyone battles depression at some point... your time is coming sooner than you think
I started seeing it in the dark...
It happened every night
MonophobiaThe eyes in the night
Paranormal Investigation- Part 2
I woke up in an abandoned hospital.
can someone explain this [update]
Stuck on You
I Reported What I Saw (Part 3)
can someone explain this [update]
The Seventh Dream: Part One
The Monster in my Room is Acting Weird (Part 3)
Give it up for hour 40!
I'm a private investigator that works on strange cases: Crawler Tower: Final part
That wasnt a deer, right?
This terrified me so much, I haven’t slept since.
We don’t mention the demon
I Sent My Dead Grandfather's Ashes Into Space. Something Horrifying Happened After I Did. Photos Included.
Tales from Blaisdell Avenue Apartments: Apartment 7
The Importance of Being a Karen
GodMode
Found this weird old guy passed out in the middle of the road
I have six minutes before "someone" takes over my life. [Part 1]
Has anyone heard of The Silent Man?
I can feel things and it never ends
My Daughter was Schizophrenic
The infection
The God Farm (Part 6)
Has anyone heard of The Silent Man?
Human too.
We Raided the Wrong Tomb: Part 2
Hell's Retirement Creepy Video Contest
The Trees in My Town Have Bodies in Them.
My sleep paralysis demon isn't like the rest. pt2
The Golden Monkey
Don’t answer your ears when they ring
I found a book hidden in my deceased grandfather's library. Today, I met my only friend in a town of enemies. (2)
A Guy I Was Attracted To Sent Me Dead Rats
I promised my mom I would kill my sister [Part 4]
Don’t answer your ears when they ring
(My first try animated a horror story) I've Been Working for Disney, and I've Got Some Stories to Tell - by P.F. McGrail (byFelsDisciple)
My Childhood Home Was Haunted
I don’t enjoy the sounds of laughter anymore. (One)
My Teacher Sent Me On an Errand, I Don't Know if I'll Make it Back Alive.
I Exorcise Demons For a Living. My Family Have No Idea.
How Heavy Can A Pen Be?
The Monster in my Room is Acting Weird (Part 3)
Lycoside [Part 1]
Tragedy at Disney's Toontown Part 4
Song
Im at a family reunion but every hour somebody kills themself.
There is Something up with my Stepmom's Wine
Something followed me home from the cemetery
Tales From The Diner - Part 9 - The Chimera Incident
I’m a drug dealer and you shouldn’t smoke what I’m selling [part 2]
Does Anybody Remember Liveman?
I Kill Monsters for an Interdimensional Government. Here are some Stories. (Part 4)
Song
My name is Tom and I have a problem
Road Signs
My name is Tom and I'm a drug addict
“I only gave the babysitter one rule: if the Christmas lights start twinkling strangely, leave the room immediately.”
There is a path that never ends in the woods behind my house. I spent the night there. (Part 2)
PSA: Stay away from Hootsuite
The hunt
The kids I used to babysit knew about the boogy-man
My phone was working in my dreams
The Family Home
The Farmer and The Nazis
The Family Home
Autumn
phase 1
I bought a project bike and now I'm being followed
The Bluestone Case Of 1957 [Part 1]
The hunt
We found something terrible in space [Part 2]
All of you browser
Gardening always brought me closer to myself.
Does anyone remember this children's book?
Stay away from your windows during a storm. Stay away from the lightning man.
I Bought a Fitbit off the black market, I'm pretty sure it's defective
Who Remembers the this Children's Book?
I Live In A Town That Doesn't Exist: Final Update Part I
Buy Facebook Business Reviews,
I met the Real Santa...
His Presence Is Still Here
The Blinker Man ideas
I have hallucinations, I can’t tell if the things I’ve been seeing are real or not.
There's a man at the bottom of the garden (PART 2)
There's a reason you don't revisit your favorite childhood video games, and it's not the graphics.
My Family Was Cursed With a Demon... They Pray Anyway.
Don’t look out of your window during a storm. Stay away from the lightning man.
Nothing Is Worse Than Death
Your Eyes Only
I met the Real Santa...
I'm Helping My Family Clear Out My Grandparent's House. I Think They Were Hiding Something. [Part Six]
Black Mistletoe
8-14-2023
My New Job is a Little Unorthodox
A little girl came after me and I never looked back...
My grandpa's friend, a retired homicide detective, just told us what goes on in the Arizona desert
The Beast of Thirskmoor (Part Two), FINAL
Third Eye ...Open!!Nine Maids a Milking
This was supposed to be a normal Halloween
I was just seventeen.
Hello From Siren! [Part 2]
My weird home tape obsession led me to discovering something really scary..
G.O.D. is Not in Session.
The worst sin
My boyfriend’s ex is the jealous type
Tales from Blaisdell Avenue Apartments: Apartment #3
There's an entity in my apartment that wants to hurt me
After eight years I'm finally leaving the psych ward
The Day I Was Almost Kidnapped...
The Agoraphobia Chronicles
i work at a gas station in the middle of nowhere. an interaction i had with a customer left me broken
The thing will grab me the moment I fall asleep.
GM-01 Documentation: Surveyor
The Worst Sin
They will take you the moment you fall asleep
My world was shattered by something unexplainable, now it's just a part of my life. P.2
I Sat On The Bus
I don’t know why I’m awake
Thispersondoesnotexsit.com
Paranormal investigations- Part 1
I relied on a Survival Guide to get out of this building alive
My cat
I fucked my buddies girl
I used to be a PMC Operator... My last mission forced me to resign.
Someone keeps trying to get into our dorm
2426 Blaisdell Ave: Apartment 7
I was a good kid.
Waking up in a mysterious building, I had to rely on ?'s notebook to escape from this place
I’m a professional big-game hunter. I shot the strangest animal last night…
When you see 666 car plate number RUN!
Something Under The Covers
Dreams I wish I never had
Spongebob Training Video
Amateur Comedy Night
The Story of What Happened After I Inherited My Late Grandfather's Mansion [PART 2]
I am Orpheus redeemed
I Have Never Been Caught in the Rain
Something strange happened in my brother in laws house a year and half ago...
Every Night I See Through Other People's Eyes
Scratches on the Water
Trigger Warning
A new drug appeared in my homeless community, and I think it’s making people eat themselves..(2)
If your car stops moving, there’s already no escape.
Gas Station Carnivals
A kid who killed his parents at a young age has escaped quarantine [Pt 1]
The Red Tape.
My Sister’s Tapes
What lives in the hole in the wall in the basement of my childhood home. PART TWO
They Used Their Invention [UPDATE]
Candle lit. Some things can't be seen by the eye alone.
They Used Their Invention [UPDATE]
I found a book hidden in my deceased grandfather's library. I'm starting to think coming here was a bad decision.
The Wolf Pack
Mr. Tendrils' Path
We All Smoulder
Be nice to ugly strangers. They might be more than you think.
I found something in my bookbag and I don't know what it is.
If you get a box on your doorstep, DONT open it
My daughter has stopped sleeping.
Solving murders can help you with road directions
The Devil and God Quit and I Wish They Hadn’t (Part 1)
The knocks at three
Near Death Experience Feeling?
It's been 3 weeks since they started...
Do Not Push the Red Button
Amnesia, a story of government experimentation
The knocks at 3
I had a nightmare that I’m pretty sure is coming true
Absolution in Darkness
A Ghost Hunt
"Time to wake up Danny, before you forget how" My used-to-be friends creepy dream he had a few years back.
If a Carnival is Opening up Near You, Don’t Go
The Ecliptic Gallery: December 8
Have you ever seen a girl / woman with short hair in your dream? (boys / men's dream)
I found something.
There is a path that never ends in the woods behind my house. Recently, I’ve started mapping it.
Margaux was her name.
Have you ever seen a girl / woman with short hair in your dream? (boys / men's dream)
Have you ever seen a girl / woman with short hair in your dream? (boys / men's dream)
Have you ever seen a girl / woman with short hair in your dream? (boys / men's dream)
Mysterious black figure runs down my hall
I work at a Small Town Radio Station, there’s something in the blizzard.
Have you ever seen a girl / woman with short hair in your dream? (boys / men's dream)
Have you ever seen a girl / woman with short hair in your dream? (boys / men's dream)
Mysterious black figure runs down my hall way
Have you ever seen a girl / woman with short hair in your dream? (boys / men's dream)
The Missing Link Uncovered, a little more
Did you ever see a girl / woman with short hair in your dream? (for men)
I Reported What I Saw (Part 3)
Overflow
HELP EVERY NIGHT THERE IS A MAN OUTSIDE MY WINDOW STARING AT ME
The Journal of Oppius Caristanius
Did you ever see a girl / woman with short hair in your dream? (for men)
Last Vacations
What is that thing?
Something has been taking a bloody shit in my toilet.
My Roommate is a Haunted DollDon't take off the blindfold.
Siri speaking with my son
Someone scurrying in my house.
I'm Lily Madwhip and I Just Want to Go Home
Ladybug
Past life memory ?
Never, ever click on a Buzzfeed quiz called "Do You Deserve To Live?"
Mr. Tendrils' Hiking Trail
The House of Flies
Never, ever click on a Buzzfeed quiz called "Do You Deserve To Live?"
Mice in the Walls
This morning the doors to our apartment complex were welded shut. I'm starting to think that it was a good idea. [Part 6]
Tell me, tell me what you want to
I'm a security guard hired to protect an estate, The forest has eyes [Part 11]
There's a man at the bottom of the garden PART 2
There's a man at the bottom of the garden
We Will Not Return to Kiriyama
I was bored with my life, now I regret everything (Part 4)
Tollbooth
Aura is real
See you soon.
Strange lights in the sky
The train I'm on just broke down in another dimension.
There are strange pictures in my gallery
Real Nightmare
Broken hearts and shattered skulls.
Broken hearts and severed heads.
This happened 3 or so hours ago
Natasha the pregnant ghost
None of this is real
My original christmas horror
I witnessed something beautiful, and it almost damaged my eyes.
Friday Night
This a mysterious story about Time travel . Vote for it please.
winter’s calling
What is that thing
You Know My Name
What is that thing?
What was that thing?
My world was shattered by something unexplainable, now it's just a part of my life.
The shadows amongst the trees
Looking for a story (which had an audio rendition)
I Contracted An STD Nobody Has Ever Heard Of
Reddit has been sending me weird notifications
Piece of Paper [Part One]
A Spider Took My Wife And Kids, I'm Gonna Fucking Kill Him
We Raided the Wrong Tomb: Part 2
I was a Uber driver. Last night, I almost died.
We Raided the Wrong Tomb: Part 1
The Man with the Goat's Head
Never look back when in dark stairwells
I help people commit suicide, but they have to convince me to do it first. [7]
Monsters
Last Vacations
Last Vacations
The Beast of Thirskmoor (Part One)
Idea
I turned on the TV because I was bored, but that probably saved my life. [Part 1]
What happened to me in high school
URGENT!! Looking for a responsible babysitter for my 4 and 11 year old
What happened to me in high school
My Stay At The Cabin (Graphic Warning)
A snowman epidemic befell my town. December 7
Nightmare in the dreamworld
I am a new ranger for the US Forest Service and some strange things have been going on in a mine in the mountains. [Part 4]
An Evil Sickness (pt. 1)
My experience with spirits. Evolving more than 10 years in spirituality.
My Daughter is A Doll... {Part One}
My experience with spirits. Evolving more than 10 years in spirituality.
I Want to Get Better
The day I was found (Part 1)
By The Window
I Want to Get Better
I promised my mom I would kill my sister [Part 3]
I did the Testing Game. Something is following me.
The Future Is Flawed...
I tried running from my trauma.
Dancing on the Lake
Don’t take the Pepsi in the fridge
My Sister’s Tapes
The Boy and the Moon and Other Bedtime Stories
My Sister’s Tapes
A new drug appeared in my homeless community, and I think it’s making people eat themselves..(1)
The Ghosts
I Disappeared from the Colorado Woods 12 Years Ago (Final)
Nova Laboratories, Code Abyss
I'm Starting to Regret Taking This Job
The Dryad's Song
Lost video
A little girl came after me and I never looked back...
Best Friends
Ho. Ho. Hopeless.
Absolution in Darkness
I met a strange girl wearing a gas mask on the highway. I wish I'd never met her.
Google Maps kept trying to send us to some random location.
A Trip to the Hardware Store
Ho. Ho. Hopeless.
Seven Hundred Fifty Four
I Wrote a Sci-fi Horror Story, Am I allowed to Post it Here?
Diary of Aleksei Grigory 1943-1944Camp Newbegin
Best Friends
While doing some research I heard a unexplainable sound from deep in the ocean.
Camp Windborn’s Rules and Regulations
Camp Windborn
Camp Windborn
Camp Windborn
Emergency Broadcast: Crimson Alert - Ten
Car accident
The Day Continues.
A Fuzzy Subway Story
I heard/saw my grandma saying what she always called me
We don't enter the Timberfolk Woods.
We don't enter the Timberfolk Woods.
The monster under my bed
I Thought I was Working For Amazon But I was Delivering Packages for the Dark Web
Devil worshippers lived in my old house, now something has attached itself to my family. He sits outside of my window.
Five months ago, I suffered a concussion
We Have Been In This Escape Room For 12 Hours, and We Solved It...
The Pikes Peak Devil
Dear Reddit,
The funnest trampoline in the world is a death trap
A weird noise in the night
Dear Reddit,
Be Nice to Everyone, Even Those Who Doesn't Exist...
The Cyclist Of River Walk
Sheep.
In The Pale Court of the Bolton Strid
Fighting against the wicked (PART 4)
Mama's killed my brother twice, and he's still here. I don't want to be next.
My family is slowly getting replaced. Help me.
rapr
Seven Years Ago I Made a Bargain With a Demon; This Demon Guy is Really Strange
Two and a half weeks ago I found a human tooth in my pocket. I don't know how it got there.
My sleep paralysis demon looks exactly like my dead daughter.
Should You Use Marijuana as a Sleep Aid or Not?
The Dream
Help! my family slowly getting replaced
The Dangers of Swiping Right
I'm a Janitor for a Haunted Elementary School
It looked like a game of hopscotch or something.
Ultimatum
Appreciate Your Time
Appreciate Your Time
Appreciate Your Time
There's something in the sewers you need to know about...
The window
please help. please help.
The Smoking Door
The Canadian mountains are hiding something. It wants us dead.
God makes mistakes too, but he never undoes them.
The Story of What Happened After I Inherited My Late Grandfather's Mansion [PART 1]
Moncton Noir. Part I
The cat that skips time [Part 1]
The Drowned Sailor's Burden
The story of when a demon was in my house
flat eyes, update
I'm a private investigator who has strange cases pt4
I just saw 1.09941 square inches of a girl’s shoulder
House of the Rising Sun
House of the Rising Sun
I saw 1.09441 square centimeters of a girl’s shoulder
Snow in July.
Where is my daughter?
I Met a Strange Girl Wearing a Gasmask on the Side of the Highway. Nothing Has Been the Same Since.
Tales From The Diner - Doug's Return
Make Reggie Leave
Up and bored
There is a Picture of me Sleeping on my Phone...I Live Alone...
I am not alone
My first time seeing a doppelganger, but realized it was a different child with the same clothing...
My Experience at the Cult's Prison [PART 1]
I'm about to burn the family cabin down, because my grandpa is turning into a rat and the trees hate me...and I just really need your support right now. December 6
flat eyes, update
I'm about to burn the family cabin down, because my grandpa is turning into a rat and the trees hate me...and I just really need your support right now. (December 6)
5 months ago, I suffered a concussion
So I found drugs in my backpack and I think the end times are coming
How to Survive Camping: I almost drowned on Tuesday
The Body of a Little Boy Washes Up on the Beach Every Friday Morning
flat eyes update
Does anyone know this organization?
18 Hours
I have some social problems
The awakening
Kne
The First Time My Father Saw a Skinwalker
Alexa....
The First time my father saw a Skinwalker
The Hunt II
Something happened to me over the summer I can't explain
I Hate My New Apartment(Part 6)
We found something terrible in space [Part 1]
Don't let them in...
So I found drugs in my backpack and I think the end times are coming
The Hunt
Can you see this?
I'll be back on Sunday
Blurry Faced Thing Pt. 1: The Cottage Dream
so there's something in my house
Blurry Faced Thing Pt. 1: The Cottage Dreamso there's this thing in my house
I believe I may be some sort of messiah
I promised my mom I would kill my sister [Part 2]
There Must Be a Way Out
flat eyes, update
you are what you eat
What Happened to Benji?
The McDonnel Cemetery
I injected myself with a gene-editing kit and I regret it
Nova Laboratories has been Lost
I experience sleep paralysis quite often, but something changed recently, I think my sleep paralysis demon is real.
Has anyone else subscribed to the Disney– streaming service?- final update
There is something paranormal in my inherited family home and it's terrifying me
i had a twin brother
Bolwin's Chronicles: The Horror in the Himalayas.
We cant leave our tent because of a baboon...I think
i had a twin brother (part 1)
My Sister and I Bought Some Property and I Spent Yesterday Investigating...
Better The Monsters You Know.
First Experience
Good night.
My Strangest Case as an FBI Agent The missing people in Utah
I’ll never forget those eyes
The funnest trampoline in the world is a death trap
The guy from history class
My school is haunted by a demon
I'm Helping My Family Clear Out My Grandparent's House. I Think They Were Hiding Something. [Part Five]
I can't go on anymore
My personal experience with spiritual world
My encounter in the forest
Our basement gives everyone in my family amnesia except me. What happens down there is terrifying. PART 4
light off
The Hat
I know what Youtube's up to
Love Letters to Spacegirl (Finale)
High School Years - Junior Year (Finale)
Indecisive
I died in my nightmare
I think I slept with a ghost
Nude Friends Images
I died in my nightmare
I used to love to sleep. I've been awake for three days.
Every night for the past 18 years someone has been sneaking into my bedroom and sleeping next to me. [Final]
In my village every Christmas, I used to dress up at Santa Clause and give to the needy. Something went really wrong when we stopped it.
A Spider Stole My Life
There’s a man floating outside my bedroom window
He is running towards you
The Hiding Man
The sun is out, But it's still dark. PT.2
My school is haunted by a demon
The Window Was Open...
A moldy and damaged journal part 1
The sun is out, But it's dark outside. PT. 2
The Scariest Dream I've Ever Had
The Christmas Poinsettia
I encountered something in the forests of northern Tennessee...
I do under the table, shady jobs for people. You might say I'm a "problem solver." My most recent job was my last one for a while. Part 2
Headphone static
Jingles
40 Wacks.
Tales From The Diner - The La Llorona Incident - Part 7
Knocks on the window
I Found an Old Journal, and Something is Attached to It.
Knocks on the window
Strange things in my town - Log 001 - Leaf Crackler
Jingles
Tales From The Diner - The La Llorona Incident - Part 7
I am trapped in the depths of hell with a cosmic communication relic, and I am not sure what its deity wants from me.
On the first day of Christmas, my true love gave to me... December 5th
Moncton Noire. Part I
Don't stare into your pupil for too long. Or else he will come.
I’ve been trapped in this movie theatre watching Rango for the past 10 year.
I wanted adventure. Now I'm stuck in a demon's game. Day 2
IT won't stop tormenting me
Everyone is saying it was a shooter, but my friend and I know the truth
IT won't stop tormenting me
Sound's Source
There’s a man floating outside my bedroom window
All the Kids Skate
The bottom of the sea holds what no one can imagine( part 1)
CoolCoolCoolCool
This Hospital is Weird... (pt. 1)
I’ve been trapped in a movie theater watching tango for the past 10 years.
flat eyes
I fled to the sewers, now I'm stuck here.
The Body of A Little Boy Washes Up on the Beach Every Friday Morning
The Mountain Craves Children
The Corpse Of A Little Boy Washes Up On The Beach Every Friday Morning
I need you to not believe this story.
I Evaluate Criminals For Insanity Defense. Nothing could have prepared me for this woman.
I smashed all the mirrors.
My Own Personal Hell (Part 2)
There’s a man floating outside my bedroom window
I See You.
I've worked in a Top Secret government facility since the 70s. This is my confessional.
People have always said I had a familiar face, and I finally found out why
The man in my attic
Best feeds in 3 layered hair 2019
I Disappeared from the Colorado Woods 12 Years Ago (Part 3)
An open letter to anyone considering a deal with the Devil. My advice - do it.Why I stopped running my second-hand bookstore to wander the streets
I thought the rule of not being allowed in a classroom without a teacher was stupid until now.
God is dying
I made a deal with the Devil, or something like Him. Here's why you should too.
I thought the rule of not being allowed in a classroom without a teacher was stupid until now.
I made a deal with the Devil, or something like Him. Here's why you should too - trust me.
If you see Santa at the mall. Run away!
I used to do Special Effects Makeup, now I’m a makeup artist for the dead
Ignore the Children Playing in the School Yard
I made a deal with the Devil, or something like Him. Here's why you should too.
My Grandfather Died and His Will Demands That I Kill My Father (Part 3)
I made a deal with the Devil, or something like Him. Here's why you should too.
There is no place like home
I made a deal with the Devil, or something like Him. Here's why you should to.
I saw something at a crime scene once
The Zoo I worked at had strange rules and regulations. The greatest risks bring the greatest opportunities.
Christmas Lights
When The Lights Finally Fade Out.
Has anyone met a backwards-walking person?
I'm carving this into a cave wall, so someone will know...
Don’t Ignore “No Photos” Signs: The Consequences Can Be Dire
House Hopper
Haunted Building at Girlfriend's College
please help me
flat eyes
My grandmother just died, and now my mom is making me go back to the cemetery to help her with some “favors”
HE comes once a year (part 4 )
I Can Fix It
HE comes once a year (part 4)
Who is the tall man in the suburbs of Stockholm?
Have you ever had a dream that felt real?
I don't know how long I have to live
Jack-o-lanterns
Seven Years Ago I Made a Bargain With A Demon; Now He's Come to Collect
"We found you..."
The House
The blizzard massacre
Division "Y".
Winter 5.30am run in the cold, wet and the dark
Ghost calls my name while I am on vacation
Has anyone else subscribed to the Disney– streaming service?- 3rd update
Roger
Who is the tall man in the suburbs of Stockholm
The moon has a very pronounced effect on me
I work a security job at the local motel.
The Dumb Waiter
Emergency Broadcast: Crimson Alert - Nine
The Place We All Call Home Pt.1
The forest saved my life, but I don't know why
I'm hiding in her closet while typing this...
I deserve nothing good in life.
Something Kidnapped My Little Sister. I'm Coming for It. [3]
I got a diary and it said...
Tick, Tock
The absent reality
I was a Search and Rescue Pilot Something Stalked me through the Night
Si-81924 | The Simulator
Lost Dog (Part 2)
"what day is it?"
My Best Friend Killed Herself a Few Months Ago and She’s Back for Revenge
A Light in Dark Places
Nova Laboratories isn't as it seems.
Don’t talk to the voices in your ear
A Demon visited me in A dream... And I woke with its bruises on me
Shel Silverstein Head
Cruel Symposium
Hello From Siren!
A dark wet early morning run at 5.30am
Love Letters to Spacegirl (Part 2)
Drip.
Erlkönig
Every night for the past 18 years someone has been sneaking into my bedroom and sleeping next to me. [Part 3]
I can’t explain the letters
Journal Notes Found In the Wreckage of a Previously Unregistered Science Facility
My friend's parents have detention in their basement. Something gruesome just happened but I can't talk about it.
Last night was the creepiest late night I've had.
The worst sleep paralysis experience I've ever had
Something's haunting my baby daughter
Did I briefly slip through time? What glitch did I experience?
Am Happy When White People Get Murdered.
I can't remember who stole my memories.
I found a door in my apartment basement. It leads to a place far worse then Hell.
I found a tunnel in my basement. I think it leads to something worse then Hell.
Lonely Lights and the Red Door
Most HAUNTED ASYLUM in Australia | GHOST Wanted to STAB me at Aradale Lu...
The peacekeeping mission
"That Tickles"
Barriers
Faith
I am sorry.
sorry.
Something is wrong with my routine.
One of my best friends lived right next door to me for 9 years. Everything in his house and his family disappeared off the face of the earth.
My mother wrote a letter that told a dark truth about my Family Part 2/7
The Mercy Killer
I can't scream, I can't feel, my only companion is darkness. [Part one]
I live in a newly built, modern neighborhood; however, the street lamp on the corner keeps blinking like it's fifty years old.
Tales From The Diner - The Pukwudgie Incident - Part 6
The Creature from the hills
*UPDATE* I'm not so sure what this is anymore. At first I thought I was being hacked/trolled/deepfaked for reasons beyond me, but now I don't know. Putting this on record to keep updates as current as possible.hello my dear mortals, i am death and this is my philosophy
The animals turned on us one day. (Part 1)
Your not alone.
*UPDATE* I'm not so sure what this is anymore. At first I thought I was being hacked/trolled/deepfaked for reasons beyond me, but now I don't know. Putting this on record to keep updates as current as possible.
An Interesting Trip To The Boyfriend’s House
*UPDATE* I'm not so sure what this is anymore. At first I thought I was being hacked/trolled/deepfaked (for reasons beyond me) but now I don't know. Putting this on record to keep updates as current as possible.
My roommate in room 502
*UPDATE* I'm not so sure what this is anymore. At first I thought I was being hacked/trolled/deepfaked (for reasons beyond me) but now I don't know. Putting this on record to keep updates as current as possible.
I live in a tower block where strange things happen all the time. The man threatened my babies
I can't scream, I can't feel, my only companion is the darkness. [Part one]
*UPDATE* I'm not so sure what this is anymore. At first I thought I was being hacked/trolled/deepfaked (for reasons beyond me) but now I don't know. Putting this on record to keep updates as current as possible.
I found someone’s journal after my mirror broke.
there not real right
Chirping - December Fourth
S-A-N-T-A
There’s a chemical fog outside our school. We can’t leave. (Part 3)
Man with a Crossbow
My Child's Going To Live With His Momma
Mr. Whatever You Want
A Demon Visited Me in a Dream
To Whom This May Concern...
But they're, not real right
~~THE WRITING ON THE WALL~~
There’s a chemical fog outside our school. We can’t leave. (Part 3)
There’s a chemical fog outside our school. We can’t leave. (Part 3)
His Biggest Regret is Dying
Beard Oil
The ~~writing on the wall~~
And Then I Saw It...
Something liked to watched me sleep at night.
I promised my mom I would kill my sister [Part 1]
If you’re ever asked to be a contestant on The Memory Game – refuse. There’s a reason they make you forget what happens.
Hard Weather
My brother found this diary at work
Eric
I Never Wanted A Kid
Can babies see something that we can't?
Started as nightmares, now, they're all the time.
My Sister and I Bought Some Property and I Visited the Previous Owner...
I think my ex is haunting me.
Need help finding a story
Superman
I met the Christmas Spirit 20 years ago. I’m meeting her again tonight.
Jazz for Those at Death's Door
Dogman
Fighting against the wicked (PART 3)
The time the kid I babysat was possessed
Missing Persons Case 3102015-14, re-opened. Investigation Report 9-11-2019 - Section 9
The Clown
I touched an object.
Tips for finding the perfect man!
I was accosted on my way to a wedding by a very emphatic bum
Life can be hard after losing a parent
I was a housesitter...
Life can get hard after losing a parent
Bloody Billy
I'm a maintenance man for the Hotel Inertia and the second floor has a hunger problem...
If you ever click a link and it takes you to a page with a red door DON’T OPEN IT (Part 1)
FREE $75 Amazon Gift Card Giveaway! Gift for every new player!
The situation. The envelope. My decision. The consequences.
This is why you shouldn’t date your roommate
I lost my arm. Recently my phantom pains have been getting strange.
Has anyone else subscribed to the Disney– streaming service?
The Things that come at night...
I'm Helping My Family Clear Out My Grandparent's House. I Think They Were Hiding Something. [Part Four]
Krampusnacht (A Christmas Horror)
Lost Dog
Send.Help
Something is talking to me through my headphones
There's Something Wrong With my Child
Afterlife Hotline
I have never been a fan of ghost stories...
Nbj
The Village
Grey
My roommate in room 502.
The Village
I know why schools are creepy at night. [Part 1]
The situation. The envelope. My decision. The consequences.
Every night for the past 18 years someone has been sneaking into my bedroom and sleeping next to me. [Part 2]
Sleeping with my parents was terrifying
There's someone or something in my house, it isn't human.
My Poplar
A final thank you.
Detached
You Know The Ocean Holds Many Secrets
A charred rocking chair
My dog is demon
The sun is out, But it's still dark.
I found out what was making the noises in North Texas. We're all doomed. (PART ONE)
My dog is a Demon
The Handle Moved
My dog is a demon ghost
Stranger in my house
The Space Behind The Universe: Realities Witching Hour. P1
I'm trapped in this school with something that isn't entirely human - Part 2
My Grandfather Died and His Will Demands That I Kill My Father (Part 2)
Suzie, turn the light on...
NEVER SNEAK INTO THE SCHOOL PREMISES AT NIGHT
My girlfriend’s boyfriend died and I thought we’d be happy.Professional Asphalt Paving Contractor
Discord
New York City Rent
Education of a Karen (pt. 2)
I help people commit suicide, but they have to convince me to do it first. [6]
I'm a Nice Guy! (Part 2)
Grey
I'm a private investigator who has strange cases PT3
We had intruder in my school, and I think he’s trying to get me
Ego's Journal Pt. 1: the Shaman's quest begins
I just wanted to read...
The Screaming From the other side of the River
Engaged To Muggers
Engaged To Muggers
My phone is dying. Please fucking help
A Recollection of Strange Moments
The man in the closet
I work for the government. That Hawaii missile alert a while ago, wasn’t a drill.
I am the framer of cursed images. (Part 16) FINAL
The sun is here, But it's still dark outside.
The mirror on the wall.
I just survived a car accident. Soon, I won't have.
Strange hallucination I had as a child.
[True story] You won't find this song anymore (with link)
Mirror, mirror on the wall.
It's Watching In The Walls But No One Believes Me, Time Is Almost Up
My cellmate told me the terrible truth. I took to long to believe it.
Strange hallucination I had as a child.
Tales From The Diner - Part 5 - The Leshy Incident
Strange hallucination I had as a child.
My microwave lives in the future
Does anyone remember Gorbo toys?
I Was Raised As Part Of An Experiment
I fell asleep, and woke up in an electric chair
My local McDonald’s is different at night.
My local McDonald’s is different at night.
Found in an alley
The forest fire didn't reach us, but something else did
The Book of Truth
Scopophobia
The recording- true story
I work as a security guard for a company that takes jobs no one else will [Part 10]
Our basement gives amnesia to everyone in my family except me. What happens down there is terrifying. Part 3
A Clean House
Snake Bites [2]
I Moved Into My Grandmother's House After She Died
The handle moved.
Education of a Karen (pt. 2)
I was visited by a demon in my sleep last night.
My Sister’s Tapes
The handle moved.
Raking Fingers
I Disappeared from the Colorado Woods 12 Years Ago (Part 2)
I was visited by a demon in a dream last night.
nothing is really haunted
There’s a chemical fog outside our school. We can’t leave. (Part 2)
I live in a tower block where strange things happen all the time. Even I’m scared of the man on floor 5.
The last train i’ll ever take
The Coldest December Interrogation - December Third
Emergency Broadcast: Crimson Alert - Eight
I Work Over Night at Lowe’s and There Are some Strange Things That Happen There: Part 3
The creatures hunting in our neighborhood
Cemetery happenings
I was sent to an uncharted location in the Atlantic Ocean. What I found was unnerving...
The man:
Never make eye contact with the creature in the background of your nude photos.
Don’t go hunting alone, please I beg you. [Part 1]
Need money anyone wanna help a girl out ?
My Secret Santa Sent Me Something Strange.
weird stalker(s)?
What Can Babies See?
I'm a child psychologist, and my 10 year old patient murdered his family
There’s a crack in the sky.
It all started as an odd smell.
My Sister and I Bought Some Property and it Came With This Letter...
Operation
The One Below
My father is a repo man. Some people pay their debts in blood.
It started with an odd smell.
I'm A Night Janitor For A Haunted Elementary School
Facelessness
Camping
I swear, I'm not there
An unfinished stalker/office horror story
I was bored with my life, now I regret everything (Part 3)
Goodnight
I'm trapped in this school with something that isn't human
A hitch hiker explains how he wound up in my car. Gotta say, not liking how this story seems to be going...
A strange thin man I met on a business trip told me this one
The low-rent butcher's shop in the food-desert neighborhood I occupy
Harmony
I was left at the Tree
Country Roads
Anxiety can be a real killer.
I was a Housesitter...
A Christmas Nightmare
Something Kidnapped My Little Sister. I'm Coming for It. [2]
Has anyone else subscribed to the Disney– streaming service?- Update
Has anyone else subscribed to the Disney– streaming service?
School in the voidMy new apartment is haunted
I stumbled upon a religious ceremony in the woods.
Don't Look Away
The fire took everything
They can’t stop me.
The Smugglers
I woke up to 3 words on my arm, I can't read them.
The Red Maiden: Grace's story
The sun is out, But it's dark outside.
House Party
The Woods
The sun is out, But it's dark outside.
I just graduated from medical school, and this will prove the biggest decision of my career
An Interesting Morning
Fugue
The Gobber (ik it's late but I worked hard on it)
Hulder
There was something in the woods at night, and it wanted to come in.
I noticed the car was following me a long time before it actually started to worry me.
A Conservative Christmas Story
It challenged my faith by praying...
I used a oujia board in school and something followed me back
If your ever smell the stench of decay, then it might already be too late
My Vivid and Unresolved Dream
Dream on Monday night. 12/2-3/19
Killer Children
my mom and I have shared dreams.
The girl at the bridge
"You Are Being Impersonated by the Other Voice" - Who Called Gary Sudbrink?
(No context) I almost sent this to my girlfriend, but I don't want to burden her talking about my dreams.
The Sun Disappeared
Deja Vu
The Sun Is Gone..
Occultatum
Don’t trip in a forest near nightfall. No matter how familiar the area.
Help
My Grandfather Died and His Will Demands That I Kill My Father
A Realm of no Perception.
Where am I? (Part I)
I took a shortcut through some woods and now I can't get out.
They can’t stop me.
They cant stop me.
I swear, I'm not there
Education of a Karen
Something Watches me at Night, and I'm Afraid I Just Made it Angry.
They tried to stop me.
The Horror at the Cabin [Part 2]
The Wanderer
I'm Colorblind Except for When I'm Not
I Found Some Missing People in the Wilderness of Oregon's Crater Lake
I'm a private investigator who has strange cases pt2
I may have just met a witch on a Tinder
The last time I got lost driving home from work.
This is you from October 13th, 2019. Please read if you've forgotten about the game.
Always be sure
The Ancient
I Need a Ride Home, But I'm Afraid to Get in My Car
I had a bizarre dream.
I’ve been driving up for what I think is 3 years and I have no destination
Belly Button
The Thing in The Forest
My cats adopted a ghost. And she moves with me now.
The Christmas Killer
It's been twenty-five hours since the last time I blinked
I am the framer of cursed images. (Part 15)
I was just at Area 51
My childhood best friend went missing when we were 15. 11 years later, three thousand miles away, I found his mittens in an abandoned cabin near my home.
Don’t go hunting alone, please I beg you. ((Part 1))
Babysitting
I knew I shouldn't have gone camping
I will never go deer hunting again
The Hummer
It started with the sound of a child coughing.
A strange girl was running around our house.
Hello!
Psych
My father used to work as a clown. He has dementia, but I swear I can hear him leaving the house at night, and lately he's appeared... different
The Skin Balloon: The Doctor's In
My childhood best friend went missing when we were sixteen. Eleven years later, three thousand miles away, I found his mittens in an abandoned cabin near my home.
I'm a Private Investigator and this is my last case
I'm a Private Investigator and I
WE ARE SERIAL KILLERS
I found something when I was home alone. It’s not what I expected. [FINALE]
The time I was traumatized by a dream.
Weird occurrence
How many times did I turn off the light?
My daughter loves elf on the shelf, but I have other feelings about it.
They tried to stop me.
My daughter loves elf on the shelf, but I have other feelings about it.(contains crusing)
They tried to stop me.
They tried to stop me.
Never Go TV Shopping On Craigslist
Declaration of Independence
My refrigerator was hungry. So I kept "feeding" it.
To the asshole who ruined my life
The Smoking Man
The Crooked Way
The 12 times I thought about strangling someone
There’s a chemical fog outside our school. We can’t leave.
Hell On Earth [Part 2]I hope it burns
Unknown Island Haunted Attraction: Where Reality is Meaningless - Part 3
I Hope It Burns
Find My Friends
Colonial Ghosts(TRUE STORY)
Pregnancy is beautiful!
A Mailman in Ny that was eating peoples mail has been arrested for feder...
Something tried to help me feel alive, in the most twisted way possible.
I cool music drool
stolen time she didn't want back
I'm a Philly Cop and my friend killed a house part 3
My House Wants me Dead(Part 2)
Pregnancy is beautiful!
My Nightmares
Does anyone remember Gorbo toys?
I Accidentally Solved a Murder
My Christmas Lights have Lasted a Whole Year -- December 2
So I can switch bodies with people, and I just encountered my first problem with it. (Part two)
Lucid, oh so lucid dreams
The Intruder (December 1st)
Missing Persons Case 3102015-14, re-opened. Investigation Report 9-11-2019 - Section 8
NBA Power Rankings Part 2
Emergency Broadcast: Crimson Alert - Seven
The Island
I’m not crazy you are
The Voices My Daughter Hears
I’m a guardian angel, and I’ve done what I can.
BPM
If you commute long and far enough, you meet some very odd folks
That old man next door keeps staring at me
A guy came into my coffee shop the other day and I made the mistake of looking him in the eyes.
The thing from Okayama
The Gingerbread Man
Three years later, I still can't come to grips with the circumstances of my then-girlfriend's death.
On a Dark Desert Highway
Richie
2019 is f*cking a nightmare I almost killed myself. Roommates, siblings, friend committed suicide, first breakup, fallen to severe illness.
Don’t ever look in the mirror if the lights are off.
Love Letters To Spacegirl (Part 1)
They have her
Something watches me in the corner of my room.
I can't see the dog.
Our basement gives amnesia to everyone in my family except me. What happens down there is terrifying. PART 3
The little woman and the sun
Has anyone else subscribed to the Disney– streaming service?
There's a new house on my street, and nobody noticed
What as That!? Beware What Could Be In Your House At t Night!
I'm Helping My Family Clear Out My Grandparent's House. I Think They Were Hiding Something. [Part Three]
Something is in the corner
“I’m a Maintenance Man for the Hotel Inertia and you should never stay here...this is Floor 1.”
My daughter is different pt.1
I wanted adventure. Now I'm stuck in a demon's game. Day 1 Part 2
Haunting dream
I wanted adventure. Now I'm stuck in a demon's game. Day 1 Part 2
A cave in my hometown was said to be haunted, but we found something much worse inside.
I pissed off a r/nosleep mod and now my life is RUINED
I wanted adventure. Now I'm stuck in a demon's game. Day 1 Part 2
Something was in my room
I wanted aventure. Now I'm stuck in a demon's game. Day 1 Part 2
The Hummer
Something Kidnapped My Little Sister. I'm Coming for It. [1]
The Clifton Home
I found a journal on my doorstep. No one has ever written in it twice.
Where’s my dad? P.2
The Clifton Home
I get impulses to kill people. Get it out Now!
Every night for the past 18 years someone has been sneaking into my bedroom and sleeping next to me.
My Daughter Was Possessed by a Demon
My account of my time surviving in a nuclear bunker
Kiskadee
The Doll that was Alive: the story of Japan's Annabelle that shocked the entire country (Part 3)
I am in love with the bittersweet, silent contemplation that comes with people watching.
What Happened to the Babysitter?
Who or what is under there?
I don't want to go to the future
The Doll that was Alive - the story of Japan’s Annabelle that shocked the entire country (Part 3) -repost
Source-less Shadows Have Been Following Me For 13 Years
Livestream viewers warn of someone following me
I knocked on the wrong door
I'm being followed by something sinister (part 1)
I Actually Believe Death is Following Me (True Story)
Something is living inside me.
Something is living inside me.
Was she real or simply a hallucination?
Girl problems.
I need help.
I had a bizarre dream.
The Nasty Website
I need u man 💞
I've been writing poems. I think they're making me crazy.
My Reality
Please Close the Curtains
Oh please, God will condemn guilty sinners to Hell because He is Just, Please don’t die in your sins! God offers salvation as a gift through the Lord Jesus Christ, who is God come in flesh to suffer the wrath of God we deserved, died for our sins buried and rose again. Repent and believe!
Tales From The Diner - Part 4 - The Dullahan Incident
I think my friend is hurting people part2
Don't trust your senses.
My Body Speaks to Me
Life is For The Strong?
Old Mr. Range's friends
Don't trust your instincts.The Shoreside Corpse
My Friend Doesn’t Like Me Anymore
My wife hasn’t been the same since she came back from house sitting.
Someone Is Hungry
The Last Time I went Diving Something Took My Friends
That thing in the corner of your room (PT. 1)
I woke up from a parasomnia only to realize that parasomnias are 81% later manifested as Parkinson's.
That thing in the corner of your room (pt. 1)
Excerpts from my memoirs
I’m not the real me.
Superman
Closet door
Super man
I found a journal on my doorstep. No one had ever written in it twice.
I help people commit suicide, but they have to convince me to do it first. [5]
The minutes after 2:34 AM
Excerpt from my memoirs
Ladies and Gentleman, Peter Frampton!
My twin has amnesia. (Part 1)
Excerpt from my memoirs
Something Squalid Happened In My Tavern I Will Never Forget (part 2)
The minutes after 2:34 AM
Multiple choice horror story
My girlfriend talks while she sleeps but doesn't answer. 3 Nights ago, she did.
I am an EMT. Some of my patients are dealing with things other than their diagnosis. I'm the only one who can tell.
Multiple choice horror story
Sometimes, when you think you are seeing something, maybe you are.
Hell On Earth
I'm an EMT. Some of my patients are dealing with this that mimic their diagnosis. I'm the only one who can tell.
I'm stranded in a ghost town, but I'm not alone...
The Incident At My Local Tavern Left A Mark For Sure (Pt. 2)
Carnate
Death Dreams
Death dreams
My mother wrote a letter that told a dark truth about my Family
My mother's letter that told the truth about my family (Part 1/7 Series)
I Found a Journal in the Remnants of a WW1 Battle
A "BOT" account followed me on Instagram. Then it sent me a picture [Part One]
A "BOT" account followed me on Instagram. Then it sent me a picture [PART ONR]
I work at a fro-yo store.
I think my friend is hurting people part 2
can't sleep. do I just stare off into oblivion
I think my friend is hurting people part 2
I dare you, prove me wrong. The Simulator is real.
Looking for a certain story
They Always Told Me To Not Pick Up Hitchhikers
I’m trapped in Leicester Square tube station, and something’s following me.
Don’t eat the chocolate in your advent calendar.
I’m trapped in Leicester Square tube station, and something’s hunting me.
I think I just saved humankind from a mind-eating alien entity.
High School Years - Sophomore Year
Remembering one of the most difficult conversations of my life.
Our basement gives amnesia to everyone in the family except me. What happens down there is terrifying. Part 2
My Sleep Paralysis
Keep Walking.
I found a walkie talkie in the woods, what talked to me wasn't human
Sleep Paralysis’ Consumption
The Eyes
I'm a private investigator who has strange cases
I Disappeared from the Colorado Woods 12 Years Ago
My Friend Saw Me In The Forest, But It Wasn't Me.
The Snow King
I'm a private investigator that works on strange cases
The Truth is in the Polaroids.
The 911 Call That Haunts Me
Why I'm terrified of the woods
Beaten/Pegado
So, I’ve Met the Weizmanns, Have You?
The Holly Jolly Cult
The Monster in my Room is Acting Weird (Part 2)
Spongebob Training Video
I woke up as a different person.
Time Traveler
The Records of Tara Hauklin: Installment 2
I got lost coming home, and I'm still not sure where I was. [FINAL]
Time Traveler
Final case-notes of a prominent psychologist found shot to death. Typed in suspicious diction.
Time Traveler
Honey
The Monsters In Your Head
Spend a penny
I work as a security guard for a company that takes jobs no one else will [Part 9]
Savehim.mp4
I wanted to get this down before the change was complete…
Ladies and Gentleman, Peter Frampton!
Everyone knows the bees are disappearing. I've just discovered where they're all going.
The silence is deafening
Chapter 1 The Blind Mayden
The silence is deafening
I wanted an adventure. Now I'm stuck in a demon's game. Day 1 Part 2
Grandpas old bomb shelter
idk what to title this
I found something when I was home alone. I’m not sure the police will be any help.
The Great Equation
my sister disappeared.
If the time stops at 1.09 a.m roll over and pray that they think you're asleep
I found something when I was home alone. I’m not sure the police will help me.
Mother’s First belief of a Skinwalker.
On a Dark Desert Highway
Redstop #2.Everyone knows the bees are disappearing. I think I've just discovered where they're going.
My ex boyfriend is a vampire
the things that happens on a yacht party at sea
It's Too Hot In The Car Repair Shop During The Summer
The Last Time I Ever Went Camping With ”Friends”.
No one cares anymore
Tales From My Haunted College Apartment (Part 1)- Trapped In An Endless Stairway
Floridian folklore 2: Big Owl
My true stories
I've gained access to a secret, hidden layer of Netflix. The videos there are absolutely harrowing.
Boris Johnson and Donald Trump are Acolytes of a Pagan Goddess, and I have Evidence to Prove it
The miracle drug that reversed late stage marrow cancer.
My little sister says she sees something in her room...
November 2019 contest nominations
A strange man keeps coming to my orphanage and he's taking me next.
I'm home alone for a week with a ghost.
My Father isn’t who I think he is.
I'm home alone for a week with a ghost
They kept us alive, now they are taking it back. (Part 1)
I'm currently home alone and i'm scared
The train I'm on hasn't stopped driving for 19 days.
Stalked by the ex who kidnapped you
Why I'm terrified of the woods
Why I'm terrified of the woods
She changed...
I Know You're Awake
Great Story!
I work in a nuclear power station. There are some rules to follow.
Floridian folklore: Hum-devils
The Clock
The Jeep
I think my friend is hurting people
The Jeep
If the trees could talk
1T W@T€HE$
(Short Story) An Inconvienence
Horrifying Video Game
My Dog had Died, but She Brought Him Back...
I saw a shadow when i was little
I am the framer of cursed images. (Part 14)
The Jeep repo
Tales From The Diner - Part 3 - The Harpy Incident
She Watches
I Can't Die. Pt.(4) Ghosts of Oklahoma...
I do under the table, shady jobs for people. You might say I'm a "problem solver." My most recent job was my last one for a while.
I think that wasn't a regular nun
Creepypastas
The Dark Lord Returns...
When the wind blows
Picking Up Hitchhikers Is Always A Gamble
Ladies and gentleman, Peter Frampton!
I wanted an adventure. Now I'm stuck in a devil's game. Day 1 Part 2
My nightmare is coming true. Please help me
The Demons leg
I wanted an adventure. Now I'm stuck in a demon's game. Day 1 Part 2
I wanted adventure. Now I'm stuck in a demon's game. Day 1 Part 2
I became the Government's Mistake
Maxwell: Raising A Psychopath [Part 2]
The CHRISTMAS CULPRIT
The luckiest man is surrounded by misfortunes...
I wanted adventure. Now I'm stuck in a demon's game.
R
I wanted adventure. Now I'm in a demon's game.
A horrifying epidemic is about to strike all living organisms
Lockdown.
My Sister’s Tapes
The person you leave is never the one you married
My Sister’s Tapes
You probably dont realise we’re real
She’s Watching Me
My haunting experience from Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare
Reaching the end of my rope
I work at a store in a park that doesn't exist.
Socorro, New Mexico, 1914
The Revelation
My house is infested by rats and someone is living on my land
I know only one ghost
I think I met Santas' brother.
I just moved into a new apartment. Something is wrong with the property manager.
When i was little i saw a dark shadow
Redstop #2
I recently started working as IT for a restaurant chain. The corporate office has some very strange rules. (Part 5) FINAL
Our basement causes amnesia to everyone in my family except me. What happens down there is terrifying.
I recently started working as IT for a restaurant chain. The corporate office has some very strange rules. (Part 5 - Final)
A uncomfortably sound 🌙
Each night it took a piece of him.
I found out my dad killed for money
Redstop 2
My name is E9r0r and i think im being followed by something not human.
How I found out my dad killed for money
A story i made for school
December 5th, ██████
It Followed the Sun
Some gruesome shit
Solitary.
December 5th, ████
You know who you are you are and what it is you do, what you didn't know is that I watch you do it. Everytime.
The Replica
The Replica
I think I have been cursed with the passion for blood.Beneath the Willow Tree
I was born with a passion for blood.
My boyfriend and I went camping alone, but something else got in our tent.
My sister was always special, but we just thought there was something mentally wrong with her, but now that it's too late, I know we were wrong.
Dispatch Sent Me to Wheaten Woods
(TRIGGER WARNING) Beneath the Willow Tree
Something Strange is Happening to me
Snake Bites
I'm a Detective and My Curiosity is Broken
Why I will NEVER go swimming, or take a bath, again.
Something is trying to reach me through my grandmother
Voicemails and calls in Textnow from "Unknown Number"
Voicemails and calls in Textnow from "Unknown Number"
Something is trying to reach me through my grandmother
Spooky occurence?
Santa Claus Is Coming To Town
The boy who knocked
Father, I Killed a Child
My Odd House....Part 1
Im going to tell you my true stories
I saw something in that woods that made me run, even though I had a gun with me
Just Fucking Ban me
I found something when I was home alone. I hope it doesn’t kill me.
The photos... were odd
My childhood trauma thanks to the swiss TV
From Unknown
Welcome to Paprika - Part 2
A stranger in the night...
From Unknown
The Hands
I'm Helping My Family Clear Out My Grandparent's House. I Think They Were Hiding Something. [Part Two]
This morning the doors to our apartment complex were welded shut. I'm starting to think that it was a good idea. [Part 5]
The thing in the woods
I Can't Get Away From Their Faces
We're all being watched, we always have been.
hide under your blankets
Abyss
Scary true personal story
The Unknown 6th Floor
Scary true personal story
My little brother keeps sitting on the edge of my bed. The thing is, I’m an only child: Part two
My story
My Girlfriend May Be A Monster
Where to begin...
The Dog Who Sees Spirits
A regretful 911 call.
Demons
My little sister says a monkey visits her bedroom each night at 3am.
9 hours long rainy video for reading book ambience. Better cozy atmosphere.
I saw something horrible in the middle of heavy rains
Redstop.
Possible Cryptid Sighting
Say hi.
Home Intruder
I just woke up from a coma. What I have awoken to is absolutely terrifying.
The fire at Triangle Shirtwaist Company will leave scars
Random horror story anthony form the internet: Misplaced Doll
Demons
The third wave of Cryonic Dreaming
I just woke up from a coma. What I have awoken to is absolutely terrifying (part 2.)
I HAVE SEEN GOD'S FACE PLEASE HELP ME
There's an old wives tale
I'm a Police Officer, I've been looking into a group of cannibals. This house is closing in on me... [Part 2]
Tales From The Diner - Part 2 - The Three Headed-Dog Incident
Every morning I wake up in my bathtub. One morning I woke up to something trying to drown me
I need some advice; There’s a door in the bathroom.
I need advice; There is a door in the bathroom.
I am the framer of cursed images. (Part 13)
Hide under your blanket
October 2019 Winners!
I need some advice; There’s a door in the bathroom.
My grandma has coffee with a deceased neighbor.
I need advice; There’s a door in the bathroom.
The Boy On The Hill (part 2)
I'm a Police Officer, I'm looking into cannibals. This house is closing in on me [Part 2]
The Boy On The Hill (part 2)
Mr Whatever you want - part 1
The boy On The Hill (part 1)
The Land Inside
I burned my house down, but let me explain...
Ty
I was clinically dead for longer than I thought possible...
I just woke up from a coma. I saw the future while I was asleep, and let me tell you, it was absolutely horrifying.
Buried Alive
DO NOT GO TO A PLACE CALLED S073 (part two)
A Polyamory Relationship
Black box
Dnepropetrovsk's maniacs
In 1957, I Met A Group Of Mysterious Greasers
A Polyamory Relationship (help)
Brother Ezekiel. part 1
The Execution of Robert M. Davis
Left Overs
The mall that never ends 1
I think there’s someone in my closet
The Peculiar Pages of Mr. Jon Witten
I saw something in the basement of a parking house that I will never be able to unsee
I shouldn't have looked out my window last night
Don't You Hate When You Have Too Many Eyes?
My Own Personal Hell (Part 1)Captain Vinn
I moved into an apartment a few months ago, the staff is terrifying
I moved into an apartment a few months ago, the staff is terrifying
Ravenfield is truly dead
Black Friday Gothic
Email ꜸꜩⱮⴔשׂʤ. He will help you I promise.
Teenagers Weren’t Much Different In 1957
Is it possible to milk someone, than turn the milk into a apple and have incest
I had a stillbirth 25 years ago. They lied to me. I have seen my daughter grow up.
Is it possible to milk someone, than turn the milk into a apple and have incest
I found a letter from myself concerning my daughter that I never wrote.
The walls between world's is paper thin.
A strange man keeps coming to my orphanage and my friends keep disappearing.
Audio Prior to Disappearance of Live Stream Uber Driver
The walls between world's is paper thin
Somebody is fallowing me
Jerry
Help im going to die eaten by a rust moster
I never knew, until this very moment.
earth is flat
Space belongs to Satan, Part 2
don't look back...
Terrible Tom's Primal Goat Fest Finally Came To My Town. I really, really, wanted to become his number one fan.
Ban me
The watcher in the woods
By Day, I’m a Tattoo Artist. At Night, I Inflict a Different Kind of Pain.
The Routine
Lizardmen
The Sink
Corporate Life Isn't So Bad
The Missing Link, uncovered
Black Eyed Kids encounter 2003
Stay Away from Cruise Vacations
It began with blood under the moon's light
I survived another Thanksgiving with my family, and it will be my last.
I don't turn on the light.
While out hunting I encountered a strange man
I received an unexpected call in the middle of the night from my co-worker.
How I survived a nuclear war - Log #1
This Black Friday, don’t go shopping at East Woods Mall
I want you to fix me, doctor. So I can kill myself.
SOMEONE PLEASE TELL ME MY DAD DIDNT SCREW US ALL!!
I found a Secret Tunnel In The Woods
man door hand hook car door
Maxwell: Raising A Psychopath [Part 1]
Slow Descent
My grandfather passed away. He appeared to have a collection of log books containing projects of his. This is the one he was holding when he died. Read it for science, or whatever. I wish I hadn't. This is project 45.
The train I'm on hasn't stopped driving for 17 days.
I just had the worst 13 days of my life, and thankfully they aren't my last.
In 1957, an animator was found dead in his apartment. I am his creation, and the reason he died.
I got a creepy voice mail
The man in the window
Erectile Dysfunction
I woke up to an Emergency Alert on my phone, now there's creatures outside... #2
Raising Max [Part 1]
My curiosity isn´t safe anymore.
The Little Girl in The Corner
Everyone knows the bees are disappearing. Only I know where they're going.
Everyone knows the bees are disappearing. I've just discovered where they're going.
Dad Works Nights
The person that you leave is never the one you married
Everyone knows the bees are disappearing. I've discovered where they're going.
My Dad Works Nights
I've Discovered A NEW Bird Species in Washington
the ice that preserved personalities
Neighbours
Welcome to Paprika, Inc! - Part 1
Just my luck
Lizardmen
IT STARED BACK
My Grandmother told me a prophecy when I was young. Now I'm afraid it will come true
When the Lights Go Out
I think I killed the new girl?
I killed the new girl
Tales From The Diner
A little girl walks into a bar
Belly Button
The noisy neighbour
The noisy neighbour
Don't know where to go from here
How to survive a nuclear war - Log #1
This is important I am currently hiding in my closet someone help me.
Don't know where to go from here
Pigs feet.
When I was a teenager, my parents never let me explore the woods behind our house; now I know why.
Don't know where to go from here.
I work at a short Time care in Germany and my nightshifts are getting weirder and weirder....
I think God has stopped listening to my prayers
Someone please tell me if my dad made a HUGE mistake!!
Before I'm arrested, someone needs to know the truth
The Fog Down a Mountain Pass
I am the framer of cursed images. (Part 12)
My Job Is Turning Me Crazy (Part 2)
You Don't Get It
I was paid to watch people being killed, and I think I managed to get out of this intact.
You Don't Get It
When I close my eyes
More CHILDHOOD HORROR Experiences
What Was Left Behind
Emergency Broadcast: Crimson Alert - SixMy students want me dead (Part 1)
My Job Has Been Turning Me Crazy [Part 2]
There's an Ocean In the Arizona Desert
Unexplainable Occurrences in my Childhood Home.
Raven's Curse
The Zoo I worked at had strange rules and guidelines. My third challenge was my last.
I think i just discovered a new Minecraft realm, and I’m kinda freaking out.
Unexplainable Occurrences in an Average Childhood.
The sound under the floor
Does anyone remember playing those creepy games like “cat scratch your back” and “light as a feather stiff as a board” ?
I'm a contract killer for The Big Man Down There. This is the story of my first kill.
The Christmas of 85
Everyone knows the bees are disappearing. I've discovered where they're going.
I found a phone and I was told to do this
I need some help, I think I've woken up.
Everyone knows the bees are disappearing. Only I know where they’re going.
I Found My Great-Grandfather's Book in Our Attic
me and my brother were at my sister's apartment and something is wrong
High School Years - Freshman Year
They count in the dark
The mania forest. Brief survival guide. Chapter one: part 1 the hanging tree
Bus Ride
Noelle
Some advice to travelers in the mania woods. Part one: the hanging tree
My Dreams Are Becoming Too Much.
How I Learned To Stop Believing In Monsters
Our house is Haunted by Buy a demon
Emergency Broadcast: Crimson Alert - Six
What are friends for?
I’m a drug dealer and you shouldn’t smoke what I’m selling
Horror game still in development but you can play demo!
How a Demon became my bodyguard.
HELP! Need advice on sleep paralysis.
My mom wants to kill me for Thanksgiving
You start to get desperate when you spend most of your life hungry. The consequences of that desperation can be horrifying.
How I survived a nuclear war - Log #1
I found blood on a sidewalk and I followed it but I found something that wasn't human
This Thanksgiving I need to run
I am a Police Officer, and I'm looking into local cannibals. What I found was disturbing.
No one believed me and I don't blame them.
In the woods
Turkey Fucker
A Knock at the Door
The Story of the ´´Thing´´
A diary of deadly nightmares
Something weird is happening.
The new girl
Astral projecting isn't as fun as some think part 1
Something crazy happened last night
I have a black hole for a heart
Headgrabber
Fighting against the wicked (PART 2)
I just had the wierdest 13 days of my life, and thankfully they aren't my last.
Do You Fear the Sky? Perhaps You Should
One two three four five six.
One two three four five six
If you call 911 and it sounds weird at the other end, hang up and call again.
My first post on this subreddit, hope y'all enjoy!
My next door neighbor is a MILF- final update
Happy Thanksgiving, here's a sleep demon.
My first post on this subreddit! Wrote this ages ago, hope you enjoy! (WARNING: CONTAINS BLOOD)
The watchers
My house is trying to kill me. And now I'm trapped in here with a bunch of assassins.
The man
There is something hiding in a mine in the Mangi amazon
The noises
THE BARISTA
I Changed Dimension Again
Something That No One Will Like
I changed dimension again
Closing Deal - Convert Followers into Buyers
My Sister’s Tapes
Zombie apocalypse log #1. Something happened
Wash Your Hands
Don’t Stare
Highway 🛣 101 experience!
War is Hell, A Soldier's Purpose (Final)
The Guest Room Part Two: There’s Something In The Vents
Welcome to Paprika, Inc.
PART 2 My company discovered the cure to cancer, but the side effects are unholy
The apocalypse (Part 1)
Buy Real Google Reviews
I Got Lost in the Bush When I was Eight: Closing the Door
I Know Why People Go Missing...
the worst high turnover of staff I had ever seen
The House Followed Me Home
Flashing Light Outside Window??
I was Invited into the Darkness
My mom saw my sister doppelgänger...
It was supposed to be easy...
Do Not Fall Asleep
Mom's a Sunday Driver
Last Embrace
A little warning from a succubus
a little warning from a succubus
My Sister’s Tapes
CHILDHOOD HORROR: My Scariest Experience/s, as a Child
Today's forecast calls for blue skies!
My dad and brother seen the devil
they’re back [4]they’re here [4]
Please Do Not Touch Me There
Offended much Megan
Am experience I had hitchhiking outside Duluth Michigan
Schrodinger's Coffee
The Rite
Voices in my house part 1: a mini series
How to Survive Camping: Rule #17 - the man with no shadow
I'm really regretting moving into this new house.
My Job Has Slowly Been Turning Me Crazy. [Part 1]
I was that one night, that one night that changed everyhting
Journal entries located in the home of Lester Ghardocki
I Never Knew why they Threw Vegetables in the Murky Pond Now I Know
Awesiaki: Chapter ten - August 1637
I was paid to watch people being killed. I figured out why, and I don't know if I can even save myself now.
320 Degrees Fahrenheit
I got lost coming home, and I'm still not sure where I was. [Part 8]
My little brother keeps sitting on the edge of my bed. The thing is, I’m an only child.
My little brother keeps sitting on the edge of my bed. The thing is, I’m an only child.
The Hugger Of Death
Can someone link me to the OP of "whistling man" ?? EMERGENCY !
I hitch hiked outside Duluth Michigan. The result ..
We found something alien in a cave system in Colorado
The real reason to why the power went out...
We’re all one large-scale human experiment, and I don’t know what to do about it.
Don't buy antique mirrors.
The Anti-Fairy
Dear Mr jhonson
Pilot or Pilot Unknown
Im a contract killer for The Big Man Down There. Here's a bit more about me.
I just opened a letter from WW1 that addressed me BY NAME
I'm a contract killer for the Big Man Down There. Here's my little story (and a bit more).
Made of Marrow
I Broke Them and Now I'm Probably Gone (Final)
The Nazis found a strange tunnel on a French beach but where it led they weren't expecting.
Train Tracks
Aisukyandi
The next door neighbours
The Cursed Rocking Horse
The people next door
the diary of Dr. alexander
I wish I had just thrown the broken earphones out.
The black terror of night incarnate
Cyberspace is Hell. And I've truly been to Hell and back. (Part 1)
Someone walked into my room but it wasn’t a person
It was dark and it was spooky
My Dog Ollie Died Last Month. A Week Later, My New Neighbor Dave Tried To Console Me About It In The. Most. Horrifying. Way.
It was late and very dark
Someone walked into my room but it wasn’t a person
It was late and it was dark
The real reason to why the power went out
I am having the weirdest couple of months
We snuck into a historic hotel in London. Something inside didn't want us to leave.
Every morning I wake up missing more pieces of my body
Shell Gas Station Journal Entry pt (1/?)
DO NOT GO TO A PLACE CALLED S073 (part one)
The Angel Repairman
Everything Went Black
Scared Straight To Go In My Garage
You can't be in love with a dead girl
[NSFW] Everything Went Black
Something is living in my attic
Emergency Broadcast: Crimson Alert - Five
I think I just scared the pants off of my realtor
Halloween in November.
The Island
currently offering voice over narration for nosleep stories
Need Writers to Join My Team
It Was Made For You And Me
Special incidents unit- Part 1
Special incidents unit - Part 1
My friend and I are driving across country. I stole a USB drive from a diner and am astonished at what I found. Part 1
The Monster in my Room is Acting Weird
Special Incidents unit - Part 1
Special incidents unit - Part 1
I Can Successfully Treat Any Unsound Mind Within Less Than an Hour, but My Services Come at a Price. [2]
Stray Kitten
Buy Negative Facebook Reviews
I'm Helping My Family Clear Out My Grandparent's House. I Think They Were Hiding Something. [Part One]
The creepy box in my backyard.
My next door neighbor is a MILF- update
I've Been Working at My Best Friend's Company for over a Year. Today I Learned What We're Really Selling.
A Message From The Guardian of the Forest
What are the terms and conditions? pt. 1
Battle for Luna Base 1952
I was bored with my life, now I regret everything (Part 2)
Cats Don’t Dance
A girl, riddled with cuts and bruises, walked into our police station holding a bloody letter.
I saw something I shouldn't have, and now its after me
It was supposed to be just a regular check-up
Battle of Luna Base
My sister disappeared in 2015, I found a new file on my computer containing her digital journal
The Nowhere Company [Part 6]
The Nowhere Company [Part 6]
Monster Hunter
The Thai Island Attack
I was dead. Skin resistant to punctures
How I became a Monster Hunter (If the story is bad I understand)
I’m being recalled
any two sentence horror stories??I was dead: blood transfusion
I am dead
the childrens book
I'm a Philly cop and my friend killed a house part 2
I'm a Philly cop and my friend killed a house.
Little Violet
The Trick To Acting
I thought grave digging would be easy
Playing Hide and Seek with a Furry Monster
The people of Florida
The Hands
I found an old cassette tape in my dead uncle's apartment labeled "#4". Does anyone have the first three?
The White Ribbon Sent Me Away...
Transcript #75656729 - Rampage Incident
I have these really fucked dreams
A warm summer's night
The White Ribbon Sen Me Away...
A story about a time I hitchhiked outside Duluth
I Found Something Weird Last Year and Now I Think I’m Being Watched
I am the framer of cursed images. (Part 11)
A shadow being that ran on all fours.
(Part 2) My drive through the silent pines of Minnesota
Shadow Being that ran on all fours.
DEC BILLY IS NOW IN OFFICE
I met the Devil on a bus and he claimed he was God.
I met a guy in a redrum mask.
I had one job...
Shadow Being that ran on all fours.
There's Something Inside of Me
I'm what you call an urban explorer
What I Really Meant When I Told My Husband ‘I Went Out Last Night’
My Own Personal Hell (Part 1)
I Saw A Never Before Seen Top15s Video, and Now I Wish I Hadn't
I found a bone in the park and nothing will ever be the same
I Saw A Never Before Seen Top15s Video, and Now I Wish I Hadn't
The Rose, the Joker, and the Pig
Two Psychopaths in Love (part 2)
Am I Going Crazy Because of My Job? [Part 1]
I found a bone in the park and nothing will ever be the same again
I was trying to do what God wanted. But sometimes its hard to tell...
My Town Has a Curfew
I'm a pushover.
I was paid to watch people being killed, and I have NO IDEA why.
I've never hurt anyone, except for you.
I Found Something Strange On My Missing Sisters Phone
Can you see this? [Part 2]
My Sister’s Tapes
I think i stumbled onto a subreddit that i should not have found.
Can you see this? [Part 2]
Can you see this? [Part 2]
My roommate's eating habits are getting worse
Pylon Industries
There's lights in the sky
Was it my sleep paralysis or a spirit? Perhaps for the sake of my own sanity I've never admitted the latter.
My mother is trying to possess me...
Deals to Die For
Beware the 2020
The Bunker
The following is a problem in an old ethics textbook found in the back cupboard of a philosophy classroom. I have omitted the battery of direct questions that came at the end of the story. All other salient details from the case, however, are enclosed
I Spent A Night Inside An Abandoned Prison. It Wasn't Abandoned. (PART 3)
The Man from the Past.
I Work For A Police Department On A Small Island. Weird Things Happen Here.
A “drunk” tried to break in to my house
The Ghost of 23L
Something is going on with the newly created subs of reddit.
You Suffer, But Why?
I Work For A Police Department On A Small Island. Weird Things Happen Here.
You Suffer, But Why?
twisted wolf
I was told to not let the bed bugs bite, I should have heeded the warning
I'm Sorry Amber.
A cult took over our reclusive town. Now people grow from trees. [Part 3]
I'm Sorry Amber.
The city I live in lost all of its electricity, now I remember why we are scared of the dark...
staying out late
The Ghost of 23L
A cult took over our reclusive town. Now people grow from trees. (Part 3 of 3)
Found this note in the morgue. Does anyone know these people?
Thanksgiving dinner with the Fonts
The Corpse That Vanished and the Dead That Lived
Never Look At Yourself In The Mirror at 9:30 PM
I work as a security guard for a company that takes jobs no one else will [Part 8]
New Female Narrator Looking to Connect with Authors
I don't know if I should quit my babysitting job
Not here
Uncle Teddy and Cora: Talking Turkey
I found Death, he was expecting me. (1)
I sleep with my dead children at night
It spoke
Being an agoraphobic is tough. I went to extreme measures to cure myself.
Can you see this?
Someone keeps making snowmen around my house in the middle of the night.
dental nightmare
Lat: 68.25858 Long: -136.70194
No one believes I’m being stalked by a child.
scared for my life
I think one of my students is planning something horrible
I wanted to disappear, now I'm sorry that I ever did. (Part 2)
Looking for Scary/Horror Space Stories
dentist nightmareThe Earth's core isn't what we think it is.
The Girl In The Velvet Dress
Hell of a Time
The Girl in the Velvet Dress
Something happened last night that I fear I will never be able to forget.
Urban Foxes [part 1]
The Jar, the Dried Finger, and the Legend of Syzmon Lukaszewski
What happens when a hottie keeps you as her pet
I Received A Strange Phone Call. Nothing Will Ever Be The Same Again.
I went fishing 5 years ago, never again.
Countdown to Death
A friend I remember seemingly never existed.
I'm Glad I Didn't Report What I Saw (Part 2)
The Dark Side of YouTube
I remember a friend that seems to have never existed.
SataNick
C:\Users\2ndLt_Kelsey\Datalogs\Exploration_Logs\Wrangell-St_Elias\log1.log
Twin Falls Wildlife Management Area
My Son Had a Nightmare
I was bored with my life, now I regret everything
See you in 2030
My lucky boy
The homeless situation
floor 3949.
Haunted buildings had the best scrap metal. If you could get to it. (Part 3)
I Believe There is an Entity in My Home...
Help!!! Need content for new youtube channel
My mom has a scar on her neck
test, don’t ban me for this nor approve it. thanks
There is something hiding in a mine in the Mangi amazon
A Manila story
The infection.
I Think Johnny Depp Has Been Sitting In a Tree Watching Me
A Painted World
We created something and left it in Michigan
A Woman named Maria
My bathroom mirror turned me into my best friend.
معكرونة الدجاج بالبشاميل
A face appeared on my wall and gets closer every night. [Part 2]
I was dead
I met a Titan on the bus today.Our conversation was terrifying
Goodwill Community
There's Something Hunting US Marines in the Desert of California
Seizures are supposed to only last a few minutes...my wife's continued for 5 straight days.
PART 1 The company I work at discovered a cure for cancer, but the side effects are unholy.
Nosleep is a subreddit for realistic horror stories. Everything is true here, even if it's not.
My brother visited me in my dreams
Seeing the same ghosts before you die?
Seeing ghosts before you die?
Weird Sleep Pattern
I thought it was only a story
The distant scream and what followed
I can tell if - and when - a place will become a site of violent death
I found a notebook on my property, and I think I need outside opinions (Part 2)
My daughter’s playmate said something that shook me to the absolute core.
A Bump In The Road
The rules to survive a day in my home [Part 3]
Everything in my house was replaced
The scratching won't stop
A warm summer night
I Helped My Childhood Best Friend Kill His Half Sister
Not So Fun Fair
I found out the truth of religion
My drive through the silent pines of Minnesota (Part 1)
TIFU By Posting Proof That Birds Aren't Real
Two psychopaths in love (part 1)
Just a Game
I refuse to camp nowadays.
The last stop on the train
I fell asleep, and I haven't woken back up.
The last stop on the train
Hhh
The last stop on the train
Death dreams
I think I might be pregnant. Thing is, I'm a guy.
I am the framer of cursed images. (part 10)
The last stop on the train
Creepy lady
The beast with fire in its eyes
The Anniversary
If your child tells you they see something in your backyard, please listen to them.
I was paid to watch people being killed... [Part 1]
They are in Earth's orbit
My girlfriend promised never to twerk again and the reason why will make you sick.
They are in Earth's orbit
If your child tells you they see something in your backyard, please listen to them.
Wishing I Was Back Home
The monster in my friend's closet is real and it's coming for me next.
The Nowhere Company [Part 5]
Has anyone seen the Red Cloaks in Florida?
Big Brother is Closer Than You Think
The monster in my friend's closet is real and it's coming for me now.
Dick worm
There's Something Wrong with my Husband
I work for the local animal shelter, and I’m pretty sure they’re hiding some
Dick worm
Hacksaw Boy
If Your Child Tells You They See Something In Your Backyard, Please Listen To Them.
The monster in my friend's closet is real and it's coming for me now.
Emergency Broadcast: Crimson Alert - FourMy worst mistake
Emergency Broadcast: Crimson Alert - Four
My strange childhood memory.
My Skull Is Leaking
Dreams mean more than you think
I Got a Strange Phone Call, and Now I’m In a Different Reality.
Animal Planet - Part 1
It's Behind You
The counting beast
Space belongs to Satan, Part 1
I was invited to the Darkness
Big Brother is Closer Than You Think
I have sleep paralysis 4 times a week
The counting beast
I made myself bulimic to make the world PURE
Mr. Oogie
The thing about Rosie...
Big Brother is Closer Than You Think
The Silver Vultures
Who called me?
“Teachers please lock your doors we are on lockdown, this is not a drill”
The sun didn’t rise, but something else did.
Tale of the Dancing Trees
My Sister remembers her past life.
i sus-pect that most of us are re-jects. i get a little... up-set. hold up wait. lets all just reset. now its up to you to... inter-pret
Rules for a town that doesn’t exist.
Rules for a town that doesn’t exist.
Rules for surviving in a town that doesn’t exist.
She chased me and stabbed me
I Can Successfully Treat Any Unsound Mind Within Less Than an Hour, but My Services Come at a Price.
Sleep insomnia
Home Sweet NOPE!! [PART 1]
I Used To See People In My Sleep. They’re In The Real World Now, And They’re Here For You.
Rules
Last visit to grandmas
The Hitchhiker (Short)
Demise
This morning the doors to our apartment complex were welded shut. I'm starting to think that it was a good idea. [Part 4]
My brother's favorite show is on at midnight
The songs are sacred
The forever purge.
We created something and left it in Michigan
Don't accept jobs in the morgue
My grandma passed away 3 years ago..... and I don't think she went to heaven
if you are single and you want to meet people
I work for a company which created a monster
My next door neighbor is a MILF
Who will I be when I go back?
Story Hunter (Part 4)
Now that I think of it, I was already pregnant the first time I saw it
Dreams have meaning
I want to do awful things to people
The music box
I was in prison for 15 years. There was a skinwalker in there with us.
I just graduated from medical school, and this is the day that changed everything
The songs are sacred
I'm Glad I Didn't Report What I Saw (Part 2)
I Got Lost in the Bush When I was Eight: The River Runs Red
So, I am the second coming.
NoSleep Interview with DarthVarda!
I'm trying to start writng creppy horror stories so heres my first attempt at one.
Big Brother is Closer Than You Think
You Are What You Eat, pt 1
I woke up to an Emergency Alert on my phone, now there's creatures outside... #1
The Worst Thing I Ever Did
The Church I Grew Up In
At 2AM every night, I heard thirteen knocks at the door.
I Work Over Night at Lowe’s and There Are some Strange Things That Happen There: Part 2
Something Many People Feel and Only Few Can See
Last time going to grandmas house
The Single Shadowy Figure
If you want to work here you better get used to it.
A face appeared on my wall and gets closer every night.
Silverstone Inc. (Part 1)
The house
I want to do awful things to people
I'm an Freelance Investigative Journalist and I have stories to tell. (Part 1) Maybe other parts.
I'm a Freelance Investigative Journalist and I've got stories to tell. (Part 1) Maybe more parts.
I Wanted to be Part of this Community!
I'm an Freelance Investigative Journalist and I have some stories to tell. (Possible Part 1)
I don't live alone
I'm a Freelance Investigative Reporter and I have some stories. (Part 1)
I'm a Freelance Investigative Reporter and I have some stories to tell. (Part 1)
We All Have Our Demons
A paradise lost, a mother’s desire strong
I'm a freelance investigative journalist and I have stories you would never believe. (Possible part 1)
Paradise gone, a mother’s love too far.
My dog stares at himself in the mirror every night.
Doesn't the sky look fake?
My colleague at Google was found dead.
Paranoia is the worst.
they’re back [3]
they’re here [3]
Missing
I was taken to a "dystopian" city.
I don't live alone.
A spirit or demon?
The Family
Carnival Clown
I visited the third floor of my officeA Terrible Accident Has Occurred At Our School, Except I Don’t Think It Was An Accident.
My first night in my new home. I think i might've cut a wrong deal..
“THE PATIENT WHO COULDN’T BE REACHED” (Gory Thriller/Horror Story) - Fictional.
A face appeared on my wall and moves closer every few nights. (Photographic proof included.)
911
The shining
I was home alone as a kids once
I found a notebook on my property, and I think I need outside opinions
I Heard some shots nearby 5 Minutes ago and nothing has happend. What shal i Do?
If you find a weird file titled “THE_VOID” on your computer, do NOT delete it. (Part 1)
Guys my mom took away my XboxOne Controller and I cant play fortnite cause I sold her baby on the black market!
Are you tired? Then don’t read this
I am the framer of cursed images. (Part 9)
The thing that goes bump in the night may just be your own body
She's Back - Part One
Carnival Clown
Maybe a Sign from the Universe?
The rules to survive a day in my home [Part 2]
Maybe a Sign from the Universe?
I Wrote the Rules (Part 3)
My housemate bought a strange book at a thrift shop
Maybe a Sign from the Universe?
I overdosed and almost died last night.
Strange Encounter While Home Alone
If a woman approaches you when you are alone in the wood, don’t try to fight her
If a woman approaches you when you are alone in the wood, don’t try to fight her
Something strange is stalking me and my sister and we need help
Emergency Broadcast: Crimson Alert - Three
I Survived My Kidnapping But I'll Never Be Normal Again
Fighting against the wicked (PART 1)
I had a dream that looked like the future [1] I hope it isn't real
Run-away.
The night man
I managed to get paid in words instead of actual numbers or money
An Actual Sociopath I Worked With During My Time as a Social Worker
My mother left me her diary when she died. She told of a story that gave me nightmares in her book.
The Lock Down
The most terrifying time I played hide and seek
We are not alone. [Part 1]
Okay, let's try again. Just try again. God, I hope it works this time.
The Green Guardian
First entry in the 'Prophet of Avos' series, a subsidiary of the larger 'Deoverse' series. Let me know what you think!
CERN Opened A Portal...
I help people commit suicide, but they have to convince me to do it first. [4]
Psychic Dreaming
The murders of the building
The Crows Know
The Lady of the Morgue
The joke about a man living in my walls is getting all too real.
The Lady of the Morgue
Just to let you know.....
Scary Stories To Tell in the Dark - The Dream
Scary Stories To Tell in The Dark - Harold
My cum is alive and it is PERFECTION
Candle Cove
The Z virus. Part 1.
New neighbors moved in next door, and they want to kill me and my family
The old woman in my house
The birthday man
The Unintentional Haunting
My uncle saw the ghost of a burn victim in the Hoffmann-La Roch building
If you’re an inmate on a death row..
Anthony
Missing Pt1
I regret selling my panties online.
My mom.... Must kill me?
My Phone Is Missing
Just my luck
It's Spreading.
Leia as Regras antes de ver este filme
Με παρακουλουθαν !!!!
The following statement was found at the house of Detective Peter Francis, after he disappeared
Cold Blooded
War is Hell, the Devil is in the Details
I was home alone once as a little kid
She's Back
[NSFW] I've been obsessed with superheroes.
I was home alone once when I was a kid
trapped in a bathroom for 12 hours
I'm Panicking and I'm really Hoping he doesn't show up again...
My old home videos showed me a life I never lived.
I'm panicking and I really hope it won't happen again..
The Owl Of Death
I'm Caught in a Dark Web Challenge and Need Help
If you move to this town, don't talk to the neighbors.
If you move to this town, don't talk to the neighbors.
A Weird Car Followed Me To The Poker Room
New
The nerve! Anyone else ever been a victim of identity theft?
Channel Negative 1
my great grandma
People need to stop looking for Saki Sanobashi, aka Go for a Punch. There's a damn good reason why it's gone.
Sometimes the moon betrays us.
my whole life is Groundhog day
People need to stop looking for Saki Sanobashi, aka Go for a Punch. There's a damn good reason why it's gone.
i am a bridge between life and death
my sweet, dead friend
Anyone remember this creepy phone number?
I started walking home from school. It's been 3 days.
Blue HouseI don't really see any realistic horror story in this reddit community ...
He only speaks when I can’t hear him
The Hammock
I was geocaching and it took me into a abandoned building
Laundry
My roommate copies whatever i try do and this pisses me off
The Woods. A place for escape.
I met a strange girl at the bar, and I hope I never see her again
My cousin is starting to scare me
My lights won't stop flickering...
"I Found A Box Of Letters In My Dead Parents' House"
He wrote it on the back of his hand.
My lights won't stop flickering
My Husband Came Home...Different Part 2
Channel Negative 1
Floors
Abyss
I have frking strange nighbor whenever u get my car to go somewhere he stare at me from his window that's fuking scary his car is under a "carpet" and he never use it (iv already check it's not a rare car" one day iv walked by the left of my pass and notice nails on front door "not here anymore"wtf
My friends’ body was found today
My Nightmares Aren't Scary but I Wish They Were Real
My Name is Cristaphor Walkings.
My light won't stop flickering...
My light won't stop flickering.
Coda - BREACH - Part 13 - Final/Epilogue
I Think My House Is Haunted
The Watcher
Time is a human concept
The Brian Transplant
I think I met a time traveler?
The screaming of a squirrel stuck on a glue trap.
The moon keeps disappearing.
*The final testimony of Connor Jacob before being institutionalised on November 23rd 2019*
Streetlamps
It Happened - Black Eyed Kids
I regret selling my panties online.
Avoid human traffickers behind audible sounds
My Neighbor John
Emergency Broadcast: Crimson Alert - Two
I woke up on a train with no recollection of how I got there. The conductor wouldn't let me leave.
they’re back [2]
Avoid human traffickers behind audible sounds
Dear Diary - Part 1
I've been learning white witchcraft from the Circle. I've learned my teachers aren't white witches.
I got lost coming home, and I'm still not sure where I was. [Part 7]
The man of ice
Men in black suits took my cat
Men in black suits took away my cat.
I'm a performance appraiser.
Help, i have no clue what keeps me following me but i hate it.
My sister died, and she left me everything in her will . . . including her book on black magic (Part 2)
I keep having this dream where Pennywise takes me to hell in a pink Cadillac. This morning I woke up unsure it was a dream.
I was beyond scared after reading my daughter’s letter to Santa (2)
The rules to survive a day in my home [Part 1]
I'm A Homicide Detective, and I Will Be the Next Victim
I hate closed showers
I once knew a guy who could read people's minds after he inflicted pain on them
It wasn’t a real cab.
A Child Appeared In My Friends House
Fighting against the wicked PART 1
I looked down. Now I'm being hunted.
The scariest of them all.
LEGIT HACKING SERVICES
Paranormal Activity: The Amityville House
Fighting against the wicked (PART 1)
One Minute Survey: better sleep with startup alarm clock
You know...not all Nightmares are dreams...
A recurring nightmare
My principal spared my life. I wish he hadn’t (part 2)
My principal spared my life. I wish he hadn’t
Paul’s Fresh Cuts
I volunteered for "Next Step In Human Evolution". I became something else.
A recurring nightmare
Fake Uber
Emergency Broadcast: Crimson Alert - Two
A recurring nightmare.
I Married My True Love. Now My Family's After Him.
My Lover Locked me in Doorless, Windowless Room
I’ve been hypnotizing neighborhood kids with psychedelics for the last 17 years. Tonight, I went too far.
The Guest Room Part Two: There’s Something In the Vents
It Happened - Black Eyed Kids
Please Eat Me
I returned to my hometown. There's a new house but something isn't right about it.
Journal Entry - Year 20
The sound followed us trough the woods.
Night Terror/Sleep Paralysis suffers you ever bee choked in a terror or paralysis and it hurt
A little extra money is always nice.
The Nowhere Company [Part 4]
I always forget things in my car when I get home from work. I can’t go back out for them when it’s dark anymore. [One]
I always forget things in my car when I get home from work. I can’t go back out for them when it’s dark anymore. (11/23/19)
Channel Negative 1
She's not my daughter...
There's something in the food they're giving us.
I'm gonna kill myself
The split personality
10 Years ago I survived an airplane crash. What I saw there scarred me for the rest of my life - Day 4 [Final]
Say My Name
they’re back [2]
Unknown purple line
I do photographer as job, and am framed for girls suicide.
They Watch Me While I SleepAre My Neighbors Possessed By The Jezebel Spirit?
It's happening again
I am the framer of cursed images. (Part 8)
they’re back [2]
10 was her magic number
My principal spared my life. I wish he hadn’t (Part 2)
A recurring nightmare
I Think My Anxiety Saved My Life…
A recurring nightmare.
One large pie and a Coke please. (PART 3)
A tiny Starbucks in a tiny provincial town
My moms best friend killed her
They called him “bear”
We found something and they won't tell us what it is.
We found something, and they won't tell us what it is.
One man hide and seek
I had a dream of Freddy Kruger &amp; woke up with 3 scratches on my back
One large pie and a Coke please. (PART 3)
Nightmare
What happens when you send a letter to the South Pole instead of the North Pole
Dad Was A Stamp Collector
My parents joined a cult.
eveybody hears, nobody listens. i should have.
My parents have joined a cult
I had a dream of Freddy Kruger &amp; woke up with 3 scratches on my back
they’re back [2]
I had a dream of Freddy Kruger &amp; woke up with 3 scratches on my back
I had a Freddy Krueger dream &amp; woke up with 3 scratches on my back
Black Eyed Children - My Own Experience
It wasn’t a real cab.
It wasn’t a real cab
The Ghost in my House is not Human
I gave birth to a spoiled little brat
He was Mine, and I was His.
It’s hunting season, stay safe.
An Attempt at Southern Hospitality
Dear Diary-Wiry-Woo-Woo
I Think I'm a Supervillain
dundundun
Mr Dillingers' Dreams
China blames CIA for feminizing Asian Men
My nightmare
The Devil's Vessel
Stuck in a nightmare
My Husband Came Home...Different
Mall security
The Wicker Saga: Song of Joy, Part 11
The Rocking Chair
I had a bad dream.
Humans are not on top of the food chain.
I am starting to see things in the middle of the night
I accidentally turned The Syrian Civil War into an interstellar conflict and now we're all in danger.
Emergency Broadcast: Crimson Alert
Emergency Broadcast: Crimson Alert - Part One
I thought I earned my ticket to Heaven
I can talk with supernatural beings, It's not as bad as it seems.
My Ravens
Why I would never play Ouija ever again
Blissfully Unaware
Missing Persons Case 3102015-14, re-opened. Investigation Report 9-11-2019 - Section 7
Speech-to-text test logg̵̡̙̻͈͉̠͈̰̰̗̲̜̭͉̗͕̙͔̃͆̉͑́̌̇͗̀͒͐͋͆͐͊̑̽͒͆̅̿̉̀͜͠͝͠ş̵͕͓̝̞̀͒́̌̕͜͝ḩ̶̧̧̖̖̰̱̠̻̙͖̞̠̜͇͖̮̩͌̀͆̓̽̇͐̓́̌͂̆͋̓͌̈̃̑̏͊͌͌́̎̚͜͜͜s̷̪͙̱̯̩̫̱̰̮͎̣̝̘̬͙̻͙̀̀̍̈́̾͊͛̽̅̋͊̊̇͊̆̃̋̍͐̈̚͘̕͜h̶̛͔̞̰̳̙̤̃̑̐̌̊͊̌̈̂̀̈̓͗̈́́͑s̵̨̧͍̩͔̙̼̜̮̟͍̘̠̙̺̲̖̖͕͎͉̣̣͋̂͛͑͒͌͠ḧ̵̢̡̨̛̰͔͖̝͎̞̪̤̥͎͍̜̪̣͔̳̭̘̫͔͕̠̞́̿̉̑͋̊͌̍͗̌̔̎̀͘͜͜ͅj̵̛͂͗̆̃̇̈́́̈́̏̈́̈̿̅͒̚͘͝
Sleep paralysis
My son has gone to extreme lengths to ensure he wins the science fair
I was part of a teenage crime solving gang. It was so fucked up.
"Do You Want to Play Again?"
The thing that follows me is getting stronger (2)
I can’t daydream or terrible things happen
The thing that follows me is getting stronger (2)
Hi it's Ashely. Thank you for everything. [update]
The thing that follows me is getting stronger (2)
The thing that follows me is getting stronger (2)
My Dog Went Missing. Now, He's Come Back,
The Nowhere Company [Part 4]
Not My Business
My house is trying to kill me.
I got lost in a dressing room...
Around the Campfire
I've been driving endlessly for 15 hours, and I don't want to answer my phone.
I help people commit suicide, but they have to convince me to do it first. [3]
It was a normal morning
A mothers love
it’s boring asf at school and i wanna make it a bit more fun, is there any rituals i can do requiring limited objects, and if i do, do these rituals am i allowing the spirit/entity im summoning, to follow me home
My corrupt file
Is there any rituals to do at school?
Only the Good Die Young
Is there any rituals to do at school
I'm a Park Ranger and my job is to sedate a werewolf every night.
A letter to Johnathon
Scream from the forest
theres somthing at my windo
Hi everyone, it's Ashely. Thank you for everything. [Update]
Regret
The Horror at the Cabin [Part 1]
The Doll that was Alive - the story of Japan’s Annabelle that shocked the entire country (Part 2) - repost
It was just a bad dream.
| the haunted house | pt. 1
Tap, tap, tap part 1 of 2
they’re back
the haunted treehouse
Blue HouseHi everyone it's Ashely. Thank you for everything. [update- part five]
100%
The thing that follows me is starting to get stronger
The Caller
Were is Racoon City in Missouri or New Mexico
100%
TIFU: reading too much into dreams
The legend of "The Howler."
The Manila Skyway
I Found an Old Journal.
The Crystal &amp; The Demon By Brett Harper
Dear Father
It knows im awake
Things are changing back home (Part 2)
One large pie and a Coke please. (Part 2)
My friend got burned to stake and I was forced to watch
Things are changing back home (part 2)
The House in the Middle of the Street
Regret.
A Terrible Accident Has Occurred At Our School, Except I Don’t Think It Was An Accident.
An Epidemic is Replacing the People of a Small Massachusetts Town
Wake Me Up &amp; Make The Nightmares End! By Brett Harper
Wake Me Up &amp; Make These Nightmares End!
This can’t be real, right pt2
Life's Purpose
It can’t be real, right pt1
Update about my mirror clone:
My sleep paralysis demon isn't like the rest. pt1
I caught my friend time traveling and I don’t know if I should tell him.
The Grinch is FAR more scarier than you think.
I got my first foot job and life will never be the same.
The Nowhere Company [Part 3]
My biotechnology startup creates genetically improved species for a multinational food company. This time we went too far.
I`m a police detective, and I cover every mirror in my house at night.
Night Terrors Got Your Tongue?
Forgotten
The Elevator
MY NIGHTMARE
Test
The Demon in my Closet
Why I Hate Thanksgiving
A letter to my son
Just your Friendly Neighborhood CleanUp Service
Sadie's House for Silly Ghosts
I Knew I Never Should Have Adopted A Cat
I always look up in the bathroom.
Happy Story about my connection with dead Grandfather at his old Pocono house
My husband was the most thoughtful man.
I was beyond scared after reading my daughter’s letter to Santa
Scuttler
AutoSleep
Cursed Stories That Kill Girls? Nah.
Help me please
I don't understand calculus. Also, I killed someone. (Final)
My friend told me about an r/nosleep post that go after girls (from like 3/4 yrs ago) and I want to prove to her it's fake.
I don't understand calculus. Also, I killed someone. (Final)
I just moved into another town with my dad. I think there's something wrong with the people.
MAKE HER STOP PLEASE
HELP ME GET RID OF HER
HELP ME GET RID OF HER
We saw something out in the night sky of South Texas
Unexplainable
Myworld
She's in my head
I know what’s going to happen after I die, and I’m terrified
My Nightmare Became My Reality
I've been cold since that night.
I don't understand calculus. Also, I killed someone. (Update)
Ghosts of my mother's love
I wanted to disappear, now I'm sorry that I ever did. (Part 3)
Ghosts under the bridge
Bully [Part 2]
Willing Prey
40 years is a "long" time John.
I just killed my roommate.
My Best Friend And I Played With A Ouija Board
My name is Mark, I watched a woman die in a Red Room. Please help me. I'm going to die.
John?
We snuck into Lechuguilla Cave. Now I know where all the missing people go
My wife and I just moved into my Grandad's old house
Ghosts of the past
Where you belong
Don’t Trip.
The Jurney of a Life Time (part 1)
My Nightmare Became My Reality
My next door neighbor is a MILF
Our neighbors have some rules
This morning the doors to our apartment complex were welded shut. I'm starting to think that it was a good idea. [Part 3]
does anyone need any Help from Me?
My Sister’s Tapes
Marilyn Rose Pope Kisses a Vampire, and it was Maybe, Totally an Accident
I Hate My New Apartment(Part 5)
I think I've got demons in my neighbourhood (part three)
10/21/19
My Sister’s Tapes Part 2
Of My Eyes [Part 1]
My Sister’s Tapes Part 2
My Best Friend Is Possesed
What Lies Within
A Confession of MurderThe Shack
The Shack
I help people commit suicide, but they have to convince me to do it first. [2]
Self Inflicted
drunk and up all night and being retarded on https://twitter.com/hislgp316
Story Hunter (Part 4)
My Cell Mate..s
My Cell Mate(s)
My Cell Mate(s)
My old cell mate(s)
Can’t sleep
Restoration
Ever had sleep paralysis?
My friend and I found a nightmare hound in the woods. It led us to a strange cave filled with fireflies and burial mounds.
It was a fairly normal morning
War is Hell, Even Angels have a Dark Side
I Got Lost in the Bush When I was Eight: Forest of the Four Kings
I keep seeing myself walk by
One large pie and a Coke please. (PART 2)
One large pie and a Coke please. (PART 2)
But I don't want you to be cold....
First Short Story - Hill Rock Watcher
Can’t sleep but so tired
My school got shot up and the only people who remember are the shooter and I - FINAL UPDATE
Cant sleep again, but I’m so tired
There's something staring through my bedroom window, help!
I hate myself.
Love Raven Miller
Take you back to where you belong
I recently started working at Best Buy and I have a regular...
How to Survive Camping - a bit of local history
Chronopasta present
Where you belong
I Am Not Controlling
Chronopasta presents
A Creature of Color and Arm
Forgotten
WARNING: MALFORMED PACKET
I no longer recognize myself. There are strangers pretending to be my parents (Part 6) Final part.
Hit and Run
I Found An Old Journal, Now I can't stop reading.
The brightest Light in Nowhere (part 1)
The Leprechaun that I caught granted me one wish that I always wanted.Now I'm in deep trouble.
I have discovered what ''Junk DNA'' trully does. Be glad it exists. [PART 2] Final
My sister was hospitalized, and her texts are highly disturbing
Don’t Trip. (My first piece)
A paranormal experience from a skeptic.
Hey guys, this is my first creepypasta that I’ve written. Any sort of feedback would be great. Give it a read :)
If I fart in a jar and feed it to my neighbors do I become president?
I hitchhiked for the first time today and my driver took an unexpected turn...
I have discovered what ''Junk DNA'' trully does. Be glad it exists. [PART 2:Final]
I keep 'glitching' and going period of time acting robotic and having no memory of it
I keep glitching and going through periods of time supposedly acting robotic and not remembering
I’ve seen a monster twitching in the dark.
I got lost coming home, and I'm still not sure where I was. [Part 6]
My missing father gave me a family heirloom, and now the guest room won’t stop screaming.
10/20/19
Camping Gone Wrong
The brightest light of the Dark. (Part 1)
I went out last night
Only I can see them
When I was a kid my baby sitter scared the shit out of me
My best friends can't find his girlfriend.
My Best Friend can't find his girlfriend
I talked to Samuel...
I think there is demon in my neighbourhood (part three)
The story of an abandoned factory seemed like a ghost story. But for three young boys it was all too real.
One large pie and a Coke please.
Roses
The THING
Something about my last date was wrong...
Rule list found at grandma's house *so scary*
Conventional Werewolves
Dear Mom
I think my friend is missing but her journal is raising some questions
Bully [PART 2]
My Sister’s Tapes Part 2
Magical Number
We found a staircase in the woods, and so did a little girl. Her family never returned
ALEC SHEMPSON - I FOUND THE BOOK
Magical Number
I was typing a scary story one night. then something scarier happened
A dream
Home alone
Change...
A Day Ago a New Door Appeared in Our Apartment and Now Can't Do Anything but Wait in Front of It
When Camping Goes Wrong
"How would you like to die today?"
My daughter is different... Pt. 1
My first Night at the factory (pt1/?) (RULES OF THE FIRST NIGHT)
My God parents.
UFOs are here
UFOs are already here
I Think I've Become The Next Target...Or The Next Killer
The Theseus Project
Am I going crazy?
I Met With Samuel For Dinner Last Night...
Am I going crazy?
Why weren’t the motion lights turning on? Why were his eyes like that?
the ladyWhy weren’t the motion lights turning on? We could hear him dribbling the ball....
My name is Mark, I watched a woman die in a Red Room. They're after me now. Please help.
I don’t know what it really was..?
The Mirror Devil- final Part
My door just opened itself
The Nowhere Company [Part 2]
My Sister’s Tapes Part 2
My Sister’s Tapes
guys I need to escape there after me
Three Questions for a Witch
The true monster at Pope Lick
Monsters in the Shadows
The monster outside my window
My close friend summoned a demon for his sex tape [Part Two]
There should be flairs to show the length of your story
A Picture is Worth...
Unus Annus.
Swamp Thing
Blaire's Last Letter
(PART 2) I Found An Old Cabin 100km Inwards of Nothing but Forest.
Nothing personal.
What's helped me sleep with severe anxiety and depression.
The lamp in my room keeps getting closer.
I cured my wife (part 1)
The lamp in my room keeps getting closer.
I cured my wife (Part I)
My girlfriend's obsessed with gardening.
I Saw Something Beneath The Ice...
I found some banned video games that were never meant to be found, what i found in the games scared me for life.
Don't play VR alone.
The last night shift
My girlfriend is acting strange.
Something is hunting my brother, and now it's coming after me, too
I collect nude photos and videos of girls. Here's what made me stop. (Proxy)
Have you ever heard of the whisper woods? (Part 1/3)
I Work Over Night at Lowes and There Are some Strange Things That Happen There
There's a burning Giraffe out in the Desert
Please Look Up
Forgotten
Silverstone Inc. (Part One)
How to Sleep, Wake Up, and Stay Up For Class
Don't go to the bottom of the well at Saint Alphonsus Orphanage
My Sister’s Tapes Part 2
If a service dog comes up to you without its owner, follow it!
Daddy And I Love Shooting Games
Audio Log #1
I am the framer of cursed images. (Part 7)
We escaped. It was indescribable, and I am NOT dead.
It was supposed to be a simple surgery
I wanted to disappear, now I'm sorry that I ever did. (PART 2)
My new workplace has cameras in every cubicle.
My parent's mouths opened into a portal, and last night I entered. There are strangers pretending to be my parents (Part 5)
The Hellbox (Crimson Files #1)
My friends at school are being murdered by Plants.
My Sister’s Tapes Part 2
Coon
It’s been two weeks. I just want to “wake up”.
It’s been two weeks. I just want to “wake up”.
Please Avoid the Man in the Green.
Your Eyes Lie; Update
Your Eyes Lie; Update
Something Happened on LiveBlog.org
Avoid the man in the green.
"Bye Mommy"
Bully
Your Eyes Lie; Update
Avoid the man in the green.
Avoid the man in the green.
Houses Are Not Haunted, People Are
The Bokor's Shadow
When all the Children in the town disappeared, everyone was heartbroken
Help?-
I’ve developed a new talent and now things won’t stop escalating.
Tales from an unmarked town [part 2]
The Driftwood Princesses
I know where the monsters in your closet live.....
Stan's Motel [Pt1]
I pretended to be asleep.
I pretended to me asleep.
I pretended to be asleep.
God parents
I woke up in a room without a clock
Never Go Walking In The Woods. Especially Alone
My family has a secret gingerbread cookie recipe. Now I know why it’s a secret.
I need to warn you about Tom's Treehouse.
Never Go For A Walk In The Woods. Especially Alone
My family has a secret gingerbread recipe. Now I know why it’s a secret
Echolalia
The Zoo I worked at had strange rules and guidelines. I rediscovered something important.
The Driftwood Princesses
My family had a secret gingerbread recipe. Now I know why it’s a secret.
The Bottom of The River
The Bottom of The River
I'm not sure what's going on
So, I went on my first date in over 3 years... (Part 1)
I opened a door. Part 2
If three boys try to sell you candy at Emeldahm Station, don’t talk to them. [Final]
To those who will listen, my disorganized thoughts.
I'm too scared to go home. [PART2]
Haunted Tower and Hidden Box with Satanic StuffThe Beauty Queen
I think multiple people are stalking me.
The four-legged man
Leap year glitch, bahamas in PA. True story.
Something walks whistling past my house every night at 3:03.
10 Years ago I survived an airplane crash. What I saw there scarred me for the rest of my life - Day 3
I opened up a door.
The Woods Are Alive
I don't understand calculus. Also, I killed a guy.
I don't understand calculus. Also I killed a guy.
Something Strange is Happening in my House
My sister died, and she left me everything in her will . . . including her demons (Part 1)
I Am the Creator of NoSleep.
Getting Home
He lives in the lake
We are the last real humans.
Things you need
We are the last real humans.
I Joined a Sorority and Learned why the Sisters are Always So Close
Sometimes your nightmares are real.
City in the Clouds by Logan LePage
I Saw Something in the Staircase of a Haunted House
OPEN CASKET
Unnatural yellow glow
Tales of an unmarked town [part 2]
The unnatural orange glow
The girl in my house [Part 3]
Everyone’s got something to say. Let’s hear it
Not getting enough sleep can be unhealthy. Please, God will condemn guilty sinners to Hell because He is Just. God offers salvation as a gift through the Lord Jesus Christ, who is God come in flesh to suffer the wrath of God we deserved, died for our sins buried and rose again. Repent and believe!
The Mystic Society of Explorers Wants You
My son's birthday wish is going to be the death of me.
I am a police tactical operator, and I ventured into a place I wasn't supposed to. (Part 3)
The Mystic Society of Explorers Wants You
I love my dog, Raccie
SPOOPIEST STORY EVERRR!! !
Please, pay attention to your kid's art. It could save your life.
The Mirror Devil- Part 3
Homeless people keep walking into a fancy high-rise in my neighborhood.
Buy and offer
The Neverglades Mysteries: "Ghost Highway"
When all of the children in our town disappeared, everyone was heartbroken. When all of the children in our town reappeared, everyone was terrfied
I think I've got demons in my neighbourhood (part three)
My Friend Was A Thirty-Year-Old Woman Who Thought She Was A Little Girl.
My mom was replaced but no one seemed to notice: part two.
Kidnapping In Kendall
Missing Persons Case 3102015-14, re-opened. Investigation Report 9-11-2019 - Section 6
Tabula Rasa Ranch - Part 1
His body was never found
His body was never found
Parasite
Tick-Tock, Mer-id-eth
There’s Something Off About Camp Newmark
If the number 911 calls you don’t answer UPDATE
My principal spared my life. I wish he hadn’t (Part 2)
I have discovered what ''Junk DNA'' trully does. Be glad it exists. [PART 1]
I'm seeing the white gown again
My new puppy won't stop pawing at the gap between our sofa cushions. Now I know why.
October 2019 Voting Thread
The Nowhere Company
I'll Never Spend the Night at my Sister's House Again.
I ran a bar that served one of a kind drinks to clients in exchange for their stories...but now it's closing time. (FINAL)
Inside jokes
Bruises
I am up and doing stuff that I should not be doing lol
Something Strange is Happening in my New House
Late Night Convenience Store
Something Strange is Happening in my New House.
The Wraith can give second chances. They don't come often, though.
Howard's Letter
The cries
There is a predator on the train
The thing of Edinburgh
Do you think I almost got kidnapped?
Can we please be done with the “list” stories?
Ghostly Encounter: When you hate the stairways.
My close friend summoned a demon for his sex tape [Part One]
A Break From Life
Mulberry Road
@)!! jobsite
Obama: A Short Story
The Girl On The Overpass
I found an old therapists note book and it talked about my dead sister. pt.1
I wanted to disappear, now I'm sorry I ever did (Part 2)
Please, someone help me! Something’s standing on top my car!
At Night I Dream of a Hungry Place
A Beacon of Hope - America's #1 Fastest-Growing Underground Reality TV Show!
My daughter told me she was hungry. I should have taken her seriously.
My mom was replaced but no one seemed to notice: part two.
My mom was replaced but no one seemed to notice: part two.
|The man in the orange shirt| short story
I Found This Diary in the Forest...
My Tank Division made an emergency detour.
Noises
Unwanted nightly visitor
Tina hates it
He was Maikel.
Bring her home.
Moved in with a very nice couple last month, but things are really fucked up now.
I help people commit suicide, but they have to convince me to do it first.
I wanted to disappear, now I'm sorry that I ever did.Unknown Island Haunted Attraction: Where Reality is Meaningless - Part 2
Something Rearranges My Room Every Night (Part 2)
He watches
Compilation of reports regarding the incidents at Broken Hill - Part 2: Jesse (Part 2)
I’m either talking to myself some kind of ghost and I’m not sure what it is anymore.
Everyone Is Gone But I'm Not Alone
If the number 911 calls you don’t answer UPDATE
I dog sat for my sister, I wish I didn't
Clown Sightings
I returned to my childhood home and realized why my parents had rules against the forest.
I Attended a Brazilian Macumba Ceremony. Things Didn't Go as Planned.
Your Eyes Lie.
When my grandfather died, he left me a book
If the number 911 calls you don’t answer UPDATE
Do not fly kites when there isn't any wind.
Don't think about the pale man before bed time
I woke up with an egg and I think I'm gonna be a father.
Your Eyes Lie.
Your Eyes Lie.
Late Night Convince Store
Sounds in the deep
Searching For A Podcast/Story
In the darkness of the fields
Late night convince store
My boyfriend and I really screwed up -- As a prank we wrote a fake "list of rules" for our dormitory.
Late night convince store
The “Do You Love Me?” Game
I'm afraid to leave the ladies room.
If three boys try to sell you candy at Emeldahm Station, don’t talk to them. [Part 2]
I found a notebook in an abandoned shed in the woods while camping. What it said is deeply disturbing. Part 3
I dug up the man who speaks to me in my garden.
I sent a hitman to kill my stepdaughter. I should have done it myself.
My Sister’s Tapes
With Christmas coming up, What's a real Christmas Horror story you've experienced?
Why I wish I'd never read the recipe for my sister's liver pie- recipe included.
Why I wish I'd never read the recipe for my sister's liver pie.
The Cave in the Night
My teacher stalked and Kidnapped me:
I'm Trapped In A Hospital, And I'm Not Alone
I found a satchel hidden in my grandparents attic and the contents have given me chills (part 2)
Consequences
I forgot to take the chicken out of the freezer
I found a satchel hidden in my grandparents attic and the contents has given me chills (part 2)
My Late Narcissist Mother Keeps Taunting Us - My Brother Knows Why
A Group wants the Human Race to go Extinct, and I'm now a member.
Now I know why angels use cemeteries as feeding grounds
That can happen to everyone (Short Story)
I met someone on Tinder and I’m sure that he‘s not human.
The woman in my room
Message from the future
I was asked to digitize some old videos and I'm a bit horrified at what I saw. (Final)
Kung Fu Frightening
Tales from and unmarked town [part 1]
We saw something while lost in the Georgia Blue Ridge Mountains
This morning the doors to our apartment complex were welded shut. I'm starting to think that it was a good idea. [Part 2]
Your Generation Is Forever.
This morning the doors to our apartment complex were welded shut. I'm starting to think that it was a good idea. [Part 2]
The End Of The Old And The Beginning Of The New
The Mirror Devil- Part 2
The voices...stopped
I was stalked and kidnapped by my teacher:
I'm a Night Shift Lead at an Amazon Warehouse (Part 1)
Strangers (Part 4) Come on in, you know the way.
Strangers (Part 4) Come on in, you know the way.
They said I have schizophrenia
This is a warning: conversion rate.
The Girl I Think Is Death...
He couldn’t remember his mother
September 2019 winners!
This Cab Ride Never Should Have Happened
I just graduated from medical school, and this is how it burned me out
The Hateful Eyes In My Mirror
A different dimension
Everyday, a new building appears out of nowhere. Soon my entire city will be consumed.
NOVA_MYSTERY is typing
I Got Lost in the Bush When I was Eight: The Fate of the Hunt
The FoxGlove Experiment
My principal spared my life. I wish he hadn’t
Got scared in the elevator
Black dog in the woods
I think I'm being hunted down by an idealized version of myself. [Part 1]
I thought I brought home my deceased boyfriend's soul. I didn't.
Fuse Box
The 1987 Washington State KCVP-W Broadcast Interruption.
This is more of a Question than it is a story, but I need the help, please.
Weird memories from my childhood
My first exorcism experience.
I am the framer of cursed images. (part 6)
My laptop's wallpaper changed colors last night
Widespread things people haven't realized they fear
The Lizards &amp; The Lobbyists Have Broken My Mind
THIS IS FOR YOU.
My Uncle is Obsessed
The Shadow Man
It’s Tough Dating A Serial Killer
A Warning to My Fellow Hunters: They Escaped!
I don't go on roller coasters anymore. This is why.
A cold Christmas
Theres something seriously wrong with my little sister! (part 2)
I see faces in everything, but I never thought they could see me, too.I knew it
We, The Feast
Impossible Love, or, Regarding Nicole Trafe
we just wanted to go for a walk
About Sasha, Pt 2
A Little Tributary off the Thames (Part eight), FINAL
A Little Tributary off the Thames (Part eight, FINAL)
Something Rearranges My Room Every Night
i'm being followed by someone who looks just like me.
My shadow left my body, and now it's trying to kill me.
11 Rules for Dipshits who Bought a Haunted House
It’s my birthday
i’m being followed by someone who looks exactly like me.
The Zoo I worked at had strange rules and guidelines. The next challenge made me question everything.
I play tug of war with a ghost at midnight
Theres something seriously wrong with my little sister! (part 1)
Hard nipples
Project SL-281: The Forgotten Experiment. The One They Covered Up.
The Drip.
There is something seriously wrong with my little sister! (part 1)
I got lost coming home, and I'm still not sure where I was. [Part 5]
There is something seriously wrong with my little sister? (part 1)
Balloon
Josie (Part 1)
If three boys try to sell you candy at Emeldahm Station, don’t talk to them. [Part 1]
Don't go into the woods out after dark
Astral Projection and dead people?
Child working as mall... security??
Something followed me from the church
Astral Projections and dead people?
My mom was always a weird person. Now I know why.
CASE FILE: \\data redacted\\ LIBRARY
If the number 911 calls you do not answer
there's something wrong with gamma
My sister weird connection with the dead
Living to live
There’s a van that’s been parking outside of the apartments on Saint Bernard Avenue, right next to the school.
blood on the wall
Pull over it’s the police
Making burritos saved me life.
eeee so spooky
I think I found something hidden deeply in the internet. I think it's alive.
CASE FILE: \\[data redacted] LIBRARY\\
eeee spooky
CASE FILE: \\[data redacted] LIBRARY\\
The Mirror Devil
Something sat in silence in the back seat of my car...
I think I found something hidden deeply in the internet. I think it's alive.
The Janis Box
There are strangers in my house pretending to be my parents (Part 3)
That Which Is Seen
The Pill
Spooky Rule List Found In Grandma's House *So Scary*
The Creature Of Gremordale Forest.
Buy and offer
Things are changing back home
Buy and offer
Blood of the Covenant: Part 2
I sent a hitman after my stepdaughter. Now I have to deal with her myself.
I sent a hitman after my stepdaughter. Now I have to deal with her myself.
What's helped with my years of insomnia
15 Tapes, 3 Murders
My Daughter the Antichrist
the burning diamond under the ocean
Tohu VaVohu
My High School Senior Year Didn't Go As Expected..
I went for a late night walk, got chased home by something. Who/What was it?
I thought I brought home my recently deceased boyfriend's soul. I didn't.
Stuck in a dream
I'm Starting To Think There's Something Wrong With My Sister's Baby
I Hate My New Apartment(Part 4)
I'm a security guard of an empty warehouse
I got called in for a strange animal control job, and it may be up to me to prevent a huge catastrophe... UPDATE
My baby brother knows his words.
I found a cave system in an interwar building and i regret it.
Iv just browsed through the movie ANTRUM and something doesnt feel right. Has anyone else seen the Movie? Please comment here. Please.
Mr. Boblyubov
Pagpag.
Mr. Boblyubov [Trigger Warning]
I fell in love with death
There something in my closet.
Yesterday I finally found it. I wish I hadn’t.
Empty Clothes
There's somehting in my closet.
My house is haunted...
There’s Something Off About My New Neighbor
There’s Something Off About My New Neighbor
Is cremation a way to destroy evidence?
I run a bar that serves one of a kind drinks to clients in exchange for their stories...this is the last call. (Part 5)
The Last Time I Saw Aurora
There’s something weird about my new house (UPDATE).
You’ve killed somebody, and you’re going to kill again.
Chasing Amy
There’s something weird about my new house (UPDATE).
Need helping finding a story
The Thanksgiving dinner i will always be thankfull i survived
My husband came back from the war and now he doesn't recognize me.
Hey no sleep writers. This would make a half decent "lost episode" CP.
I think my memories are broken (part 3)
Paranormal BlacktivityI found an old time capsule from the 12th century, what was inside will never leave my head.
Yesterday I finally found it. I wish I hadn’t.
I've Heard People say Jeffrey Epstein Didn't Kill Himself...
I'm too scared to go home.
I work at a small port in NZ... we experienced total blackout but it might not be all my fault (part 2)
Never go into the woods alone
It all started as a gag gift.
Body in my closet
Whatever you do, don’t go into the Southeast after midnight:
My house was hit by a tornado last night, and something terrifying happened.
I found a satchel hidden in my grandparents attic and the contents have given me chills
I Was a Mercenary, but My Latest Contract Was Unlike Anything I've Ever Seen
10 Years ago I survived an airplane crash. What I saw there scarred me for the rest of my life - Day 2
Appreciation
Waking Dreams
By public opinion I have been told to post this Allegory I wrote for a class
On April 10th, 2013, an intruder watched me sleep. Listen for yourselves.
I can't remember anything past 2:59AM
the horned shadow
My Friends are not my friends
Library Rulebook
Help,This is my last hope
I Bought a Wife Online (pt3) FINAL
I've cut off more hands than the Marvel Cinematic Universe - 2 of 2
I ordered a product from an infomercial. After it arrived, I found a disturbing letter inside. [Part 2] FINAL
All my friends killed themselves
I'm sick of this world (part 1)
I'm sick of this World (part 1)
My Mother Was A Scientist And Kept Her Work In Lockboxes. [pt 1]
I'm really sorry.
Spooky Rules Found At Grandma's house. *So Scary*
I fell asleep during school. I woke up and everything’s beyond off. I think I may have somehow died. (Part 2)
I found a satchel hidden in my grandparents attic and the contents have shaken me up
My Mother Was A Scientist And Kept Her Work In Lockboxes [BOX 1 / ???]
The girl of my dreams became real
My substitute teacher handcuffed me to a desk
Here's a rose for my rose...
My friend Melissa almost got killed
Ghostly Encounter: When you hate the stairways.
Something evil wanted to kill my friend
There are strangers in my house pretending to be my parents (Part 2)
The Mysterious Man
Phil's story
sell and free movie
My adoptive father is a cannibal.
Why aren’t humans scared of us dad?
This is my confession and I'm sorry in advance.
I Got Lost in the Bush When I was Eight: The Wild Rivers Massacre
Remnants of a Soul
How Long Have You Been Hiding?
''Visit it, the key to your chains is on this planet, and when you recive it, you will be free.''
I just learned what the scratches in my house are coming from
Having weird thoughts about my step-dad
Having weird thoughts about my step-dad
The noises on Takao Mountain
My girlfriend was standing by the window and sleeping next to me
I keep hearing strange noises in my home at night. They're getting worse.
My girlfriend was standing by the window and sleeping next to me.
I keep hearing strange noises in my home at night.
Part one: the book
Part 1: The book
I found an old cabin around 100km inwards of nothing but forest.
Sometimes I Can't Control Myself
There's a stain on my ceiling... but it moves.
A man with a thick accent watched me and my friends today
If you use sleep sounds at night, stop.
I can't sleep because I need answers.
Panacea
Friend’s Cheating Ex Gone Insane
Reaccuring dream I had as a child, what does it mean?
Can't sleep because of this I need some answers.
My dreams are devouring me
Me and Mr. Eyes
Many little children have gone missing in my town. Part 1
My school is full of monsters
My girlfriend was not my girlfriend, and now we have a plan
I hear voice
Something Horrifying Happened at a Research Facility
My art became alive and I hate it...
Conan Mansion
The Conan Mansion
Your Guide to Obtaining a Job at the Ryce Property
What happened that night?
I am the framer of cursed images. (Part 5)
Please help me explain this away
My father's NDA expired and I figured out what his job really was.
My co-worker's sister is really fucking creepy...
Help me explain this away
Things are weird before my birthday
Please help me rationalize this !!
It was only supposed to be a light flurry (Part 2)
I need help understanding what’s going on
It was only supposed to be a light flurry (Part 2)
If this is a prank, it's a really stupid one [Part 2]
Mother of Mothers
I joined ROTC in university, and I've regretted it ever since.
The K*****b**h Horror House: spooky tales from the newsroom (Part 1) - Repost
It was only supposed to be a light flurry (Part 2)
The Stress of a Teen Girl
I randomly typed "fblurbg" into a text-predicting AI, and the result had me scared to the bonesA Witch's Premonition
My House wants Me Dead(part 1)
Another.
Five years ago I experienced a bout of severe mental illness. Today I’ve found evidence that the things I saw were real.
Sleep praslis with depression
Welcome to Fantasma: The Souls of the Brahan Seer( Part 3)
If your horny and you know it clap your hands!
Alexandrina mall
The Santa At My Local Mall Is Acting Strange
My parents never gave me a name, so I borrowed someone else’s. Now they want it back.
My co-workers disappeared and I still haven’t heard from them
My parents never gave me a name, so I borrowed someone else’s. Now they want it back.
Help me understand
There are doppelgangers of my parents trying to kill me
Don’t Trust Anyone You Meet During Singles Night.
I've cut off more hands than the Marvel Cinematic Universe - 1 of 2
I've cut off more hands than the Marvel Cinematic Universe (Part 1 of 2)
I had this dream..I don’t know what it means.
My real-life "Cabin in the Woods" experience
I've cut off more hands than the Marvel Cinematic Universe (1 of 2)
I don’t know what’s happening with my parents.
BFF Barbers
The Girl With No Irises: Part 3 (Finale)
I'm scared of my girlfriend, or whatever it's inside her. (TriggerWarning/SlightNSFW)
Once Upon a Time with some Weed
This is a dream I had and I don’t know what it means
If I fart in a jar and feed it to my neighbors will I become president?
Keep Your Eyes Open for a Good Tutoring Service: A Message For Winston
My sheep is looking at me funny, and its driving me insane.
Missing Persons Case 3102015-14, re-opened. Investigation Report 9-11-2019 - Section 5
I don't think I'm supposed to be alive.
Keep Your Eyes Open for a Good Tutoring Service [A Message For Winston]
My sheep has been looking at me funny
I found this letter. I'm scared now
The God Bump
I’m a Mall Santa &amp; Christmas is coming early for these kids
There’s something weird about my new house.
This morning the doors to our apartment complex were welded shut. I'm starting to think that it was a good idea.
[O Level] Anderson Serangoon JC
I ve hunted and enjoyed the woods my whole life, ive always been a skeptic of big foot, but this animals noise makes me think otherwise
Sweet Boy
The Watchmen - Part IV - I've Decided to End
Blood Pumpkin
Criminal Minds didn't save my life
Where is everyone??
ONCE YOU READ THIS YOUR LIFE WILL CHANGE FOREVER
Awesiaki: Chapter nine - June 1635
Carjacked by a Man from the Future
There are strangers in my house pretending to be my parents
Home Invasion or Paranormal ? You decide
Home invasion or Paranormal ? You decide ( **REAL** True story )
Love is a more powerful force than hate.
Identity Theft
Something has been turning on my TV at night.
War is Hell, There's a Devil Lurking Outside Our Door
Avoid Lone Doors In the Woods
Aquaphobia
Staircase in wilderness: Australia
Where is everyone??
My Husband Got Me A Surprise Christmas Gift
Why the hell was Craig Pricked? Finale
Take adult pills for your safety ,Remember safety first for your happy life
Aquaphobia
I got called in for a strange animal control job, we may all be in serious trouble.
The K*****b**h Horror House: spooky tales from the newsroom (Part 1)
#1. The K*****b**h Horror House (and other spooky and unexplained tales from Hyderabad, IN)
My "Devil in the Diner" Experience
I just had a nightmare
My Mother Came Over But wouldn’t Get Out the Car
Aquaphobia
My grandparents begged me to perform an autopsy on my cousin because they suspected his suicide was faked. It wasn’t.
My Abdomen always Hurt.
Scary thing happens at 3am while watching Reddit video of people talking about scary things happening at 3am
I Named Him Don
I'm a Ghost Writer and My Fans Sent a Hitman to Kill Me.
Planes disappear there...
What happened
Yet another cautionary tale about Ouija boards (Pt3)
My Girlfriend Starred in a Movie that Doesn't Exist
The Bloody Man
the worst advice i’ve ever received
Almost
(Serious) Hello I am looking for a story I heard some years ago. It was a collaborative project of some bigger youtube creepypasta readers. Basic synopsis of the story: Investigation, told from multiple POWs, flesh combining monter terrirising the town, only the hunter actually saw it.
We went camping in the Jewel Basin and I don't think we're going home
I followed an ambulance to my death, now I'll never go on Tinder again.
Why I moved out...
I've always Loathed funerals
I don’t think I can do this any longer
My Roommate Bacia
A Knock Knock Game.
My doctor says I'm in danger. At this point, I'm expecting death.
There are strangers in my house pretending to be my parents
Advice needed: creature won’t leave me alone.
The first and last time I played with a ouija board
Getting my novel published cost far too much to bear
Redd
Sleep Paralysis
The Tunnel at the Playground
I'm having very realistic nightmares and it just got worse.
Journal of a Relic Hunter part 2When No One Believes You
528Hz Boosting Self Confidence and Self Esteem by balancing and tuning Solar Plexus Chakra Music
my boyfriend is an amateur paranormal investigator
Ghost dog along the tracks
I was only helping my son fall back asleep
Collateral Beauty
I Made A Grave Mistake
Collateral Beauty
Fall
I Just Got A Babysitting Job...and There’s A Strange Set Of Rules.
Six rules to survive the engine room night shift. (FINALE)
The terrifying stillness.
If you ever see a haunted house that you’ve never seen before don’t go inside. You never now what you’ll find inside. (Part 2)
As Still as a bird, as quiet as a mouse...
There’s something weird about my new house. (1/?)
Need Advice About my Roommate (part 4)
My neighbor is using power tools past 10 PM.
MIRROR GAZING
The Worst Advice I’ve Ever Received
The girl in my house [Part 3]
THE CAVES OF SAN PEDRO SULA - first draft
The girl in my house [Part 3 - Final]
I fell asleep during school. I woke up and everything’s beyond off. I think I may have somehow died. (Part 1)
The girl in my house [Part 3 - Final]
Hide and Seek
The girl in my house [Part 3 - Final]
Aquaphobia
Julieen
I Am Never Going Back To My Parents' House
Living in an underground town after a nuclear missle hit our town. The dead are coming back to life.
My great-grandfather's childhood encounter with the KKK
When I was a child my family moved into a new home. Something evil resided in its walls, and I think it's back.
I was a tunnel rat in the Vietnam War.
I Wrote the Rules (Part 2)
I sent a hitman after my stepdaughter. Now she wants me dead.
Something is wrong with my wife....it's finally over
VIETNAM WAR.
My great-grandfather's encounter with the KKK
Collective Effervescence (Part 2)
I'm glad I finally read my girlfriends texts.
My Husband and I want to kill each other Part 2
An Unauthorized History of Corn Cultivation
I'm a Ghost Writer and My Fans Sent Me A Hitman
I am trapped and I am scared
Is it a ghost or the devil himself?
I sent a hitman after my stepdaughter. Now she wants me dead.
Alright, I'll admit it. I'm a troll.
I Will Never Step Foot In My Parents' House Ever Again
I will never return to my parents' house ever again
I’m a Mall Santa &amp; I finally told my boss about these crazy kids
12:24
I’m not babysitting again
Something keeps turning my TV on at night.
The Devil's VHS Tape
never appreciated life until i was sexually harassed
I took a kid I don't know to my apartment after school. Now his mom won't stop calling me. (part one)
12:24
The Horrifying World of Professional Wrestling
Where’s my dad? Part 1
I think I've got demons in my old house (part two)
So much happens in Maine, so I went there for research. Now 10 people are dead and it's all my fault. (1)
The Doll that was Alive: the story of Japan’s Annabelle that shocked the entire country (Part 1) -repost
How I Killed The Monkey Man of Gordon Daniels Chevrolet Several Fucking Times
I'm an archaeologist and I am straight up not having a good time [Part 3].
Thrill Kill [Part 2]
always say "tabi tabi po" - The old lady with a bottle of beetles
I Got Lost in the Bush When I was Eight: Uncle Crazy and the Things that Return
I think this is not my dimension...
I think one of the buildings I work at is haunted
Never Flush Your Tampons
This is a horror story
There are no pipes.
Hair Trap
I just saw my sister who was not at home
Yesterday was my best friends birthday, she made me fulfil a wish I will never forget.
How Do You Want To Die?
My security camera picked up something horrifying.
Dear Theodore
I rejected him....
Awesiaki: Chapter Eight: 1635
If You’re Reading This: There’s Still Bodies In The Bathroom
I know what death feels like now
No matter what you hear, no matter what you see, keep moving forward
I know what it feels like to die now
There is someone other than me living inside of my head and last night I think they got out (PART 2)
The Ordinary Man
The Ordinary Man
I just found letters in my great, great grandmother's house. The story they told has shocked the entire family.
Marilyn Rose Pope Fights a Poltergeist for Her Ex-Lover
My Husband and I want to kill each other Part 2
Always say "tabi tabi po" - the old lady with a bottle of beetles.
I had a weird experience with a stuffed doll.
The lake
My neighbor is using power tools past 10 pm
The lake
My Husband and I want to kill each other Part 2
The lake
The Man Next Door
I'm sure you've noticed it, I have too..
The Woods are Silent Once MoreSeeing red eyed demons and kids.
Five second coma
I was caught masturbating to a Yugioh card in the school bathroom
Fear has a strong stench
CONFISCATED ARTICLE - "June 9th, 2014." (PART 2)
Still As a Bird
I got a birthday gift from my Dad.
Interesting things happened at MagicFest Richmond.
I got lost coming home, and I'm still not sure where I was. [Part 4]
The Small Town Killer
I was driving home late one night and saw a car parked in the middle of the interstate.
Creep that followed me home and returned my shoes
Stories of a Late-Night Janitor [1]
Ignorance Was Bliss
My grandpa, a retired homicide detective, just told me about the only serial killer he ever pursued
Curiosity
I'm In Purgatory, I Think
I could have sworn it was a sideroad
Langford Manor
I'm getting promoted - but I didn't even want this job in the first place.
I'm a Ghost Writer and My Fans Are Going To Murder Me (Part 2)
Jill found a ball in the garden. We had to let them take her away.
A monster is stalking me, it wants me to follow it.
Fear has a strong stench
All my life I’ve been taught to repress every emotion I had.
"The Rails" [Part 3]
She who created me
The Visitor
Help me find a nosleep story?
Melissa’s pool
The Visitor(Entry One)
Stories of a Janitor [1]
We created the perfect human being
A night without stars.
It was only supposed to be a light flurry
roses
Missing Persons Case 3102015-14, re-opened. Investigation Report 9-11-2019 - Section 4
So I can switch bodies with people, and I encountered my first problem with it.
i am a person and this scary thing happened to me [PART 462]
If you hear a baby crying in the woods, don't follow it - TRANSCRIPT
Roses
In The Absence of A Name
Judgement is hell
I thought I wanted to work in the ICU... but now I’m not so sure
The Vanishing
i am a person and this scary thing just happened to me
The Vanishing
I can't trust myself anymore
i am a real person and this random scary thing just happened to me
LEVIATHAN by John Lee Schneider
10 Years ago I survived an airplane crash. What I saw there scarred me for the rest of my life - Day 1
My father is the reason you have déjà vu ( PART 3)
The legend of the blue berd
My nightmares are getting worse...I’m scared I won’t survive them much longer
My father is the reason you have déjà vu (FINAL PART)
We angels who fall
Fall
I’m slowly being eaten alive through my nightmares
I'm trapped in the south tunnel, but at least I'm not alone.
My creepy house
Old man been following me since i was 6
Chasing The Enemy
I think I am in a parallell universe because things have been different recently...
Megan Notory
Old man has been following me around since I was 6
Old man has been following me at my family vacation home since I was 6
My nightmares are eating me alive
Sometimes I Sing. Sometimes They Die.
This journal was discovered with the charred remains of 19 bodies. This is the account of Kevin Audrey's encounter with Private Shawn Mcgrassy. (Part 4)
The Girl With No Irises: Part 2
My Day
The girl in my house [Part 2]
We called it "the deer human" for years....
The smell was the first sign of it. I should have acted sooner.
My Baby Boy died.
The soul game
Christmas red blood
I named him Don
Im having trouble with falling asleep since that night, dreams are often a bit too real after all.
I Work At The Darabont County Archives - Part Six H
Suitcase Schools Get Dangerous Around The Holidays
My friend is a painter and she finally told me where she gets her inspiration.
I'm Lily Madwhip and My Life's a Beach
Second story of the three
The Storm...
I hired a hitman to kill my stepdaughter.
My son claims he has a guardian angel. I never believed him, but strange things have been happening lately.
New to reddit and I want to share three stories of ghosts. But I am a skeptic.
Ghosts in the Basement
omegle.com
THE STRANGEST EVENTS IN HISTORY - 5 UNEXPLAINED FACTS
Spooky rool list
There is someone other than me living inside of my head and last night I think they got out (PART 2)
The Sound Of Silence
There is someone other than me living inside of my head and last night I think they got out (PART 2)
I think I've been a nest my whole life...
I’m a Mall Santa &amp; this one kid won’t stop Bothering me
I Found Candle Cove On Nickelodeon, This Was My Experience
roses, red roses
No one talks to me anymoreHad a nightmare and decided to post it
War is Hell, and Heaven is Dark
Der Zerstörer
Sleep Aids Market Size Worth $79,851 Million Globally, by 2023
@famouschicken
Knock, knock.
I’m guessing you guys enjoy horror or slasher films. Watch terrifier
Had a nightmare last night and decided to write it cuz I couldn’t fall back asleep
Ways to die during an apocalypse (Part 2)
Story Hunter (Part 3)
I’m a nice guy! (Part 1)
Twenty years ago, the moon spoke to me in a dream
She likes it when I eat rats
Cotton Candy Skies
I think my stuffed animals hate me.
Port des Luges
The hostel girl
I've Encountered A Creature I Once Thought to be Mythical. I Regret Ever Going Outside.
always say "tabi tabi po" when walking in the night in the Philippines
I've Encountered A Dangerous Mythical Being I wish I hadn't.
Liệu toán học có thể giúp bạn chiến thắng các trò chơi online
Always say "tabi tabi po" while walking in the night in the Philippines
Ever feel like you met your soulmate but only to mess it up and left in a empty existence?
I Can Give You What You Want
chimes from the dead
Reality keeps shifting around me and I can’t stop it
My friend came back from the dead
Never meet someone online in person. Looks are not what they seem.
Don't meet people from the Internet in person. Looks are never what they seem.
My Best Friend Read My Mind, but He Claims That It Never Happened.
The Kid
Her
Don't move
I’m sorry
Farewell
The Bloody Man
First Post On This Thread
i don't know how much time i have to type this
I just wanted to meet a girl
There is someone other than me living inside of my head
Please help, possible sex trafficking?
Tonight I Was Given The Choice To End Our World
I'm a Ghost Writer and My Fans Are Going To Murder Me (Part 2)
I'm a Ghost Writer and My Fans Are Going To Murder Me (Part 2)
I was asked to digitize some old videos and I'm a bit horrified at what I saw. (Part 3)
Infinite knowledge
I’m an assistant coach at a local high school. Kids keep disappearing every time we lose
Reflected.
I'm A Homicide Detective, And I'm Being Toyed With
HUNT
When I was 10 I got attacked by 2 spirits
Retired with Coffee
Whatever you do, DONT TALK TO THE MAN THAT HAS NO EYES.
So there’s this girl. I saw her on the train on my way home from work.
Whistle and sing and repeat. The city will eat you alive.
I listened to my dog scream all night
What it means to be a man
Today I met the man who has been haunting my dreams for 15 years...
I work in an antique shop, and strange things are happening here... (Part 12)
I'm a Ghost Writer and My Fans Are Watching Me (Part 2)
There is someone other than me living in my head
A Ghost Named Bart
There is someone other than me living in my head
Why I am afraid to go to sleep
The Bug Problem at Gerard Arthur Public High School Has Gotten Out Of Hand
Went into my grandma's apartment, the weird smell led me to something horrifying
My mom was replaced but no one seemed to notice.
Flashlight Tag
My mom was replaced but no one seems to notice.
CONFISCATED ARTICLE - "A thank you letter to my friend in the end."
The Rules for My New HR Job
Dreaming
I Lost My Dog in The Woods, What Came Back Was Terrifying
Fall
Haunted House claims lives (true story)
"The Rails" [Part 2]
Down the rabbit hole of r/all
Marriage Counselling
If you're suffering from chronic pain, don't trust any remedies from the Painless Apothecary
Nothing brings people together like a tragedy
The Sisters
The crooked man
Unknown Island Haunted Attraction: Where Reality is Meaningless - Part 1
Dont let the pretty girl in you house
Today is the twentieth anniversary of the day everyone in my hometown died.
Hi guys i m nosleeping from 24h to now
We are in a School Lock down, and it was suppose to be a drill. (Part 1)
I'm a Ghost Writer and I Have A Cult Following
Mutilation Lullaby
How to Survive the Woods: A Guide
I just had a horrifying conversation with my friend. He revealed something awful to me.
I'm an explorer at heart, but I just want this expedition to end.
My stupid human shiftmate is missing, and i just got pepper sprayed
I am a History Teacher in England - I’ve seen some weird things Part II
Horror stories from my students. I'll write them for you in my haunted office.
I am a History Teacher in England - I’ve seen some weird things Part II
Hi I am a worker at a secret company who creates hitmen
A woman hired me to investigate her husband. I think he's doing something way worse than cheating.
The Follower
I Wrote the Rules (Part 1)The Neverglades Mysteries: "Fear No Evil (Part 2)"
I Wrote the Rules (Rules 1 and 2)
I saw something on the subway I can’t explain
I run a bar that serves one of a kind drinks to clients in exchange for their stories...this one will hurt. (Part 4)
My daughter saved our family. It should have been me.
The man I met while my wife was having emergency surgery changed my life forever
The Girl With No Irises: Part 1
I am dead.
He was never real
I'm like, 95% sure my siter is a witch. Oh, and the devil's coming for her soul.
Mom left my sister a set of rules to ensure my safety
My Father is Possessed by My Step Mother
Approaching the Void
Marmalade
My son came to my room at night and said that theres a monster in gis room. I wish i belived him.
I thought my fever was causing me to hallucinate...
Rule #2 of Purgatory: Don't Ask Anyone How They Died
Syrup
My Mom always wait for me to come home from the office. This time, she wasn't my Mom at all.
I’m a Mall Santa &amp; these kids are really starting to make me uncomfortable
I shouldn't have stayed at the library past closing time
October 2019 contest nominations
I'm an archaeologist and I am straight up not having a good time [Part 2].
I just graduated from medical school, and today I found out what my hospital's mysterious rules mean
The girl in my house
I received a transmission from the expedition team sent to explore the “Mountain of Black Silk” and I am terrified.
Story Hunter (Part 2)
When Emily's father died, she received a box of fountain pens, and was never the same.
My friends and i tried to save some animals from being used as test subjects and now I'm scared I've released something horrible. (Part 2).
I think I'm dead
I'm not sure where to put this... I think it belongs here..
Shiny Purple Paint (Warning: Scenes of Child Abuse)
I just had a horrifying conversation with my friend. He revealed something awful to me.
petition to meme r/ nosleep
I just had a horrifying conversation with my friend. He revealed something awful to me.
I opend a package that wasnt for me and it might cost my life.
I am stuck on a train in a tunnel for 35 hours. I think everyone is dead.
The awakening of a God
A child's method for madness part 2, ending
Who is out there, and why didn't my motion sensor lights trigger?
This morning I decided to sleep on my wife’s side of the bed. Should’ve never done that.
A child's method for madness part 2 (end)
Buying a weighted blanket from Amazon was the worst decision I’ve ever made.
What was that sound, and why didn't my motion sensor lights trigger?
My Creepy Medical Anatomy Teacher
Our Little Trek (part 1)
Don't Follow the Girl with the Violet Eyes...
Does anyone else remember this webseries?
Have skinwalkers migrated? part 2
Haunting or electrical issues?
I'm stuck in an elevator. Please help.
I remember, Oh God, I remember
Hospitals Are Alive, Heed My Warning
I remember. Oh God, I remember.
The omnipresent dog walker
I Swear
My Neighbor won’t stop singing Christmas Carols Part 3 (Final)
The Knocks
The Factory is Haunted
Everyone needs to be warned about Will!
10 Rules for Surviving Working at Amazon
I was in the US Navy...I think I was almost on a deep web snuff film in Greece...
The walls around the orphanage aren't to protect the kids from us, it's to protect us from them.
Something was stomping around in our attic
I Saved A Woman from Being Kidnapped, but Now I Resent my Bravery
My grandpa, a retired homicide detective, just told me about the only serial killer he ever pursued
I’ve Been Kidnapped By Death (Part 3)
I inherited a car, with a job - pt. 3
"I Saw The Devil's Face In The Oven"
I’ve Been Kidnapped By Death (Part 3)
When he Arrived in the Shop
My Grandfather's WW2 Christmas story
My grandpa, a retired homicide detective, just told me about the only serial killer he ever pursued
The Down Under
My best friend started seeing a ghost in our apartment. I think it was me.
Hide and Seek - But There's A Twist - Part 2
Rule #1 about Purgatory: Don't Ask About the Babies
Why I don't use Snap Map
I Spent A Night Inside An Abandoned Prison. It Wasn't Abandoned. (PART 2)
The Records of Tara Hauklin
Just an Ordinary Man... (Part 2)
How to Survive the Woods: A Guide
I think he fed me her body...
I think he fed me her body...
I'm begging you stop going outside when it rains
"The Rails" [Part 1]
They walk amoung us.
I’m a new ranger for the US Forest Service and I’m nervous about some strange things that have been going on lately. [Part 3]
Hide and Seek - But There's A Twist
I lived on a farm, and I have some stories to tell. [Part 1]
I told him not to tell lies.
It Stalks
emma's in the basement
The Lunar Fortress - BREACH - Part 12
Just An Ordinary Man...
Lights
I got pulled over for drunk driving the other night and I think something awful happened.
It was 2AM at the barracks...
I met my best friend at the carnival
No matter how many times they call, please don't pick up for 0-800-ORGANS. Please.Hallucinations were a part of my mental disorders, but never did I think that what I was seeing in our new home was REAL!
Tell me scary stories!
Death Stranding
She doesn't know it yet
If you ever see a haunted house that you’ve never seen before don’t go inside. You don’t know what you’ll find inside.
World War 2 ghost
"I'm sorry, but your post did not perform well."
Bloody Sheets
I should be dead already.
I think my boyfriend and I are stuck in a post-coital nightmare. We don't know what to do.
Humans are so.. odd.
I got bit by a dog or something and I think it gave me some kind of disease
That Person Does Not Exist
I think my boyfriend and I are stuck in a post-coital nightmare. We don't know what to do.
Bloody Sheets
We accidentally built a time machine.... [Final]
I don't like my daughter's new toy. (2)
I have discovered Soviet northern expedition documents. [2]
I have discovered Soviet northern expedition documents. [1]
A Letter to the Nightmare Vault
Loss
some nightly experiences
My friends and I found a cave.
The Neverglades Mysteries: "Fear No Evil (Part 1)"
The Doll that was Alive: the story of Japan’s Annabelle that shocked the entire country (Final, with photos)
I’m a Mall Santa &amp; Lately the Stuff Kids ask for has me Disturbed
The screams haunt me. What was that creature?
There's something wrong with my wife....And this is my last chance to save her
Hide and seek
"I keep it up there so you dont have to stay up there"
My friends and i tried to save some animals from being used as test subjects and now I'm scared I've released something horrible. (Part 2)
Everyone knows Tom Paul
If you ever buy a bean bag chair from Craigslist, don’t unzip it.
MLM Software Company In India | Nanoarch Software Solution
Ways to die during an apocalypse
too much information
I made it to the hospital too slowly yesterday
My friends and i tried to save some animals from being used as test subjects and now I'm scared I've released something horrible. (Part 2)
War is Hell, and the Angels are Dead
I accidentally killed my entire town on my birthday and I don't regret it, I think?
phone ring tone
I accidentally killed my entire town on my birthday and I don't regret it.(somewhat)
Why is he getting responses back?
I'm an archaeologist and I am straight up not having a good time [Part 1].
Night Audit: My Job Isn't Normal
There's a reason we don't see dragons anymore.
hello it's Ashley i am so sorry for the confusion [update]
Why the hell is as Craig Pricked? Part 4
I only remember darkness, until I saw the light
I only remember darkness, until I saw the light
I Got Lost in the Bush When I was Eight: The Four Horns of Tjanalla
Where is everyone??
15 Tapes, 3 Murders
For all of my life I was blind
Rain and a White Crow Locket
CHANNEL 58 IS THEY KEY! LOOK THRU YOUTUBE TO SEE!
I tried to kill myself two years ago and I think I succeeded (Part 3)
CHANNEL 58, ILLUMINATI, I'M GONNA DIE.
Should I Trust the Man Behind the Mirror? [Update]
Compilation of reports regarding the incidents at Broken Hill - Part 1: Aiden (Part 1)
If you see a haunted house that you’ve never seen don’t go inside. You don’t know what you’ll find.
Guide to hunting cursed texts
I've been a military widower for 20 years and I'm afraid my son's wife is about to reach the same fate.
ALIEN CAUGHT ON TAPE
Avoid human traffickers behind audible sounds
Urban Exploration gone wrong
Shadow Person at the Menger Hotel in San Antonio next to the Alamo
SOMETHING FOLLOWED ME HOME!
I'm not allowed to go biking alone at night anymore
Shadow Person in the Menger Hotel in San Antonio next to the Alamo
My Little Brother
My Little Brother
Felt like death itself was stalking me amongst the trees.
Into the Trees Pt6: Find the Girl
I started working nightshift at the local gas station, but something strange has been happening
Collective Effervescence
I Auditioned To Be On Naked And Afraid, Something Went Wrong.
I Auditioned To Be On An Episode of Naked And Afraid, Something Went Wrong
The Woods
Please it helps me it’s harmless and free
I need a coroner (This is urgent)
God save you.
I've worked at a Soviet Outpost in Eastern Russia during the 1950s. Something had been roaming near our area.
God save you.
Chapped face
I've Been Kidnapped By Death (Part 2)
Help the voices won’t stop screaming
My name is Louisa
I think I'm in love, but there's ... something wrong.
Mr Jones Fan Fic
Avoid human traffickers behind audible sounds
I fell through the wall and ended up here.
A child's method for madness part 2 (2 parter because of length)
A child's method for madness. . . This is a two-parter because of length
My father's basement - part 2
Im the voice in your head and I think I’ll get fired.
True Story: Flying Humanoid spotted in Austin,TX
TRUE STORY: Flying Humanoid in Austin,TX
I Think I May Have Found The Deepest Hole In The World. I Watched Something Terrifying Come Out Of It.
The Rules of the BookstoreHospitals Are Alive, Heed My Warning
Blood Of The Covenant: Part 1
I saw my grandmother...
If you're reading this, I'm sorry. It's too late.
I Keep Finding Dead Birds By My Window
Followed.
There’s Dead Birds at My Window
My Best Friend Died on Daylight Savings, this is what I found on his phone.
Followed
please help. there has been the same black van with black out everything that i have seen for the past 2 weeks l. i dropped a friend off at her house last night and there it was. last week i went up to boulder and saw it. the same night at mcdonald’s i saw it. i see it everywhere! why?????
I had Brain Surgery, Now I Can See the True Nature of the Universe.
Bloody Sheets
Homeless &amp; Abandoned by Entire nFamily (Part II)
Ran into a clean, calm, well-dressed man holding a gas mask deep in the Appalachian wild.
Just An Ordinary Man...
My hunted life part 1.
My Great Aunt Conjured Up Her Dead Dog
Humans are so.. odd.
It was just supposed to be a regular girl scout camping trip
A Night At La Congeladora
Scarred little Soul
The Last Supper
Interview with Ada Ruth Shell/Interviewer:Harold Black 08-09-1897
My Dad's Haunted House
I've been a search and rescue diver for 12 years. We see a lot of strange and disgusting things, but what I saw last week has me questioning both my job and reality [Part 5]
Thrill Kill
Welcome to Sun Smiles Corporation.
The man in the storm
The same dream i had 8 times
How I became a wax statute. And if you ever see me again it's not me anymore.
Death Of The Dollar Theater
She's fragile, Handle with care.
A Strange Dream
I saw an "illusion" of a large and illuminating white spider and I need to know what it means
You have 12 seconds
Haunted House
You have 12 seconds
THERE’S A KID IN MY HOMETOWN THAT WENT MISSING, BUT NO ONE REMEMBERS HIM
The Monster Above Me
I don’t really understand some of the show’s plot lines
My Girlfriend Has a Secret
omegle.com
The beast
The Smiling Man
Sara Sarita wont leave me.
Why is dying difficult?
Whatever happened to the Windstedt House Game?
This is a real story
It was supposed to be a Fire Drill... [Part 2]
The Doll that was Alive: the story of Japan’s Annabelle that shocked the entire country (Part 2)
ClIcK ThE LiNk NoW Or He WiLL GeT YoU ThE MaN WiTh ThE KnIfEs
If YoU DoNt ClIcK ThE LiNk ThE MaN WiTh ThE KnIfEs WiLL GeT YoU AnD He WoNt Be HaPpY!!
My friends and i tried to save some animals from being used as test subjects and now I'm scared I've released something horrible.
I was once a Boy Scout. This is my Campfire Tale...
When dreams come true.
Do you love r/nosleep? Well you will love this YouTube channel!!
When dreams come true
Love r/nosleep then you will love this youtube channel
This Is What Happened To Me On Vacation
A still night
The episode that changed my life.
I Watched A Short Horror Film on Youtube When I Was a Kid
It's time
I thought it was the dog under the bed.
The seat next to me was empty on my flight back to London. But when I woke in the night, I found a strange man sitting there. Our conversation will haunt me forever.
I Kill Monsters for an Interdimensional Government. Here are some Stories. (Part 3)
Ghosts
I'm new and have no idea if this fits here (Story from 2:12am)
Video Link
Чугунная решётка гриль СИБИРЯЧКА!Для гостевого дома БЛАГОДАТЬ!
The Person
Stop what you're doing. Now breathe.
Small group discord servers?
The person
Stop what you're doing. Now breathe.
Sooooo... I'm being followed by... Something.
I saw her in the moonlight
This is the transcript of the worst 911 call I've ever taken.
Sooo, I'm being followed, but I don know by what...
Sooo... I'm being followed by.. Something
Sooo I'm being followed by a human I think... Help
Remember This the Next Time You Stumble Across a Path of Crushed Trees
I work Night Audit at a hotel and my recent days have gotten weirder and weirder. (Night 2)
my parents went to Hawaii and all i got was...
I Have Insomnia, I'm Starting to Think its Something More
Compilation of reports regarding the recent incidents at Broken Hill (Part 1: Aiden)
My town is now an active war zone.
Living with a Noise Sensitivity
The sun didn’t rise, and I desperately need your help
The sun didn’t rise and I desperately need your help
I’m a monster in disguise.
I'm scared, help.
I know what happens if you stay dead for seventy-two hours
My town is under siege by fire. (Part 1)
My lovely home, well, at least it used to be.
Why are posts from this sub showing up in my front page when I’m not even subscribed to nosleep?
I've always had bad luck, until i sold my soul to a demon in my sink (Part 1)
My lovely home.
How do I stop these stupid posts from nosleep from showing on my front page?
This is what's happening in my house lately.A possible series of rants from a void in a human body
The Watering Hole
Abigail the Stalker (Part 2)
A Cold Fire
I inherited a car, with a job - pt. 2
My little sister's drawings are coming to life {Part 1}
The Girl That Got Away
Im the voice in your head and I think I’ll get fired.
Shadow People Follow Me, They Have for Years
any good post ?
Child Prediction
I was asked to digitize some old videos and I'm a bit horrified at what I saw. (Part 2)
The Slenderman Sightings
My dog is acting weird. Any help you can give in the comments is appreciated.
I've witnessed one hundred men die
My dog is acting strange, some tips would help if you can.
I've Been Kidnapped By Death (Part 1)
Field Trip!
I've Been Kidnapped by Death (Part 1)
I thought I was alone when I went camping.
I hear a voice from my bedroom window.
A Long and Dagerous way Home (part 3)
Human Zoo
A creepy night in the woods
War is Hell, This is how I was saved by an Angel
I got lost coming home, and I'm still not sure where I was. [Part 3]
The Zoo I worked a has strange rules and guidelines. The second challenge changed me.
The Cat and the Man
The students at my school keep disappearing one by one
How I became a wax statute. And if you ever see me again, it's not me anymore.
I'm scared to go back to sleep.
Rantings of a Schizophrenic.
My Creepy Medical Anatomy Teacher
I tried to kill myself two years ago and I think I succeeded (Part 2)
A Big, Juicy, Bowl of Justice.
The snowstorm trapped me inside, and I think I'm going insane
The Shadow of Ferrah
Should I Trust the Man Behind the Mirror?
I was once a Boy Scout. This is my Campfire Tale...
I've died and have come to tell you all what happens
The Creatures Won't Stop Popping Up In My Dreams, And All My Dreams Come True... [Part 2]
I’ve started teaching at a school where all the students are dolls. I think they’re leaning something.
I’ve started teaching at a school where the students are all dolls. I think they’re leaning something.
Another gear
The Creatures Won't Stop Popping Up In My Dreams, And All My Dreams Come True
The Birchwood Cafe
The Birchwood Caf
If you're in bed at night and hear someone whistling, hide immediately
It was supposed to be a Fire Drill… [Part 2]
The Watchmen - Part III - I've tried to warn people, and I've failed.
Dense, dark forest
The monster living in my house just killed my family.
I live in Ireland and I believe Fairies are real
That mushroom.
Geitefødsel
The Warehouse
Ghost went bruhh
Miles Part 2
I keep having these "hallucinations", i don't know what to do
Has anyone here ever heard of the Coffin Man?
Even though it may seem irrational... I am afraid to sleep uncovered! I think that one particular occurrence would explain my fear better.
Never buy a $1 phone
The Howling Silences My Late Husband’s Voice
I have to be really careful about flushing bugs down the office toilet.
The story of Sarah and the Demon in her house.
The story of Sarah and the demon in her house.
Hearing the Future
There’s something in the corn maze
How my brother lost his hearing
Good Girl
The Doll that was Alive: the story of Japan’s Annabelle that shocked the entire country
Calling all Internet detectives- I need your help!!!
Looking for information
I Got Lost in the Bush When I was Eight: A Trapper on the Noose
The Secrets of the Starlight Hotel
Saw Valak 7 to 8 years before It was published in " Conjuring "-series and " The Nun "
Unlucky luck
I Work the Night Audit Shift at a Hotel and my recent shifts are getting weirder and weirder.
My stalker is in the house pt.1
I was being stalked and I was home alone.
I think Slenderman is real
not sure which subreddit to post this to, but... “Cats Don’t Dance”
not sure what subreddit to post this to, but
The cold winds of Despair :Bizarre things from55 Gypsy Ln Pt 2
I know what happens after death, I've been sent here to tell everyone \(uwu )/
I Can't Sleep Because Of The Screams Pt.2
My Instagram Got Hacked By Myself
I was given I photo album of me at age 18, I'm 17-years-old
Where are you? I'm so cold
My Daughter’s Journal Entries
I Kill Monsters for an Interdimensional Government. Here are some Stories. (Part 2)
I found a lunatic's journal, and now I'm starting to believe what it says.
I Can't Sleep Because Of The Screams Pt 2.
I'm A Homicide Detective, My Newest Case Is Unlike Anything I've Seen Before
looking for a creepypasta
I have a curse that has been passed unto me by a reading a reddit post .
I am the cucumber man
The cell has been breached.
A strange beast lurks in our county, and we found it
How to Make Your Life More InterestingSomebody please save me.
One Fear
All is pliable
The Girl With No Irises: Part 3
Porcelain
My snot has turned black and it’s seems to be taking over my other bodily fluids update.
The Girl With No Irises, Part 2
the northern woods
my reflection isn't me
The Girl With No Irises, Part 1
I had an awful dream last night
The Warehouse
Edward Hyde Gives Away Success For Free— If You Ever Meet Him, SAY NO! (Part 2)
Edward Hyde Gives Away Success For Free— If you Ever Meet Him, SAY NO! (Part 2– Final)
I inherited a car, with a job
Mommy doesn't like my friend
SuperMarket Memoirs 19: Christmas At Barnaby’s
Mommy doesn't like my friend
Memories of Asbestos in the Church Basement
I run a bar that serves one of a kind drinks to clients in exchange for their stories...this one will sober you up. (Part 3)
Pet's Are My Life
Fuck The I-30
Deja Vu
the curse of womanhood (part three)
the curse of womanhood (conclusion)
I just moved to a small town and there's something wrong with the people living here [Final]
My Roommate Had Weird Eating Habits
My neighbor was crucified to his bed and I don't know how to help him
When I see the sun
The man under the streetlight, series maybe (it happened twice)
Mars Manhattan
I Bought An Old Antique Doll Off Craigslist. I Think There's Something Terribly Wrong With It.
Ever been back to your favourite place as a child?
Something strange came into town
I met the staff at St. Benedict's(part 2)
I'm a hotel manager and I wish our guests would stop using the mirrors
4/10
My friend and I made “ghost pornography” for fun. It’s not funny anymore
How I Learned the Three Vital Rules For Dealing With My Sister at Night
A Goddamn Nightmare
There's something wrong with my wife part 2
Unseen
They Always Come Back
Alum Rock
They Always Come Back
SkinWalker encounter at my grandparents cabin
Alum Rock
There is something watching me
The man with one horn
Ways to die during a zombie apocalypse
Edward Hyde Gives Away Success For Free— If You Ever Meet him, SAY NO! (Part 2– Final)
Something happened to my friend
Xnergy's captain out with injury (Dexter)
I've been a search and rescue diver for 12 years. We see a lot of strange and disgusting things, but what I saw last week has me questioning both my job and reality. [Part 5]
The return of Timmy Holmes. (PART 1)
There's a woman trapped in my basement. She needs my help.
I recently started working as IT for a restaurant chain. The corporate office has some very strange rules. (Part 4)
“Can we stay?”
A few weeks ago I took a lame, blurry video of a UFO. Now I really wish I hadn't.
There is something in the woods
What happens when humanity kills god
What Did I Feel That Night?
My Ukrainian school was just the tip of the iceberg
Upstairs
Huhgfdssaa
We accidentally invented a time machine.... And now I know why my best friend wants to kill me.
IMPULSE- A KILLER'S MINDSET (part 2)
We accidentally built a time machine.... And now I know why my best friend(s) is trying to kill me.
Wanna share spooky tales with me?
My Ukrainian school was just the tip of the iceberg
Miles Part 2
My last game of Hide and Seek
You’ve read this before
Stop trying to find a solution to the Chicken or the Egg Paradox. It only leads to trouble.
The facade of the "Friends" I supposedly had
Lightning Changed My Brother (Part 2)
Vrrr…vroom
You’ve read this before
Lightning Changed My Brother (an Update)
Meeting with Death
Lightning Changed My Brother (Update)
Licorice
A Bachelor to Die For, Week One
People always say "the truth is out there", and I guess I'm a believer.
Virus
I Took My Dog Out At Night... I Don't Think He Came Back With Me
Never stay for after school tutoring.
So I Got a New Boss, He’s Just Like the Old One - Entry One
My Daddy Doesn't Hurt Me
The whole world as turned into murder except one little boy named Jeremy Part 1
The Woman and the Door
My unfortunate encounter with Granny Ash
September 2019 Voting Thread
I worked for a company that punishes employees in a horrifying way.
I worked for a company that punished employees in a horrifying way.
Something that no one ever tells you is that the day after is so much worse.
I am the framer of cursed images. (part 4)
My dreams have been getting increasingly violent and, on top of my habit of sleep walking, things have only gotten worse.
Something strange happened to me last night and I don't know what to do
You Deserve Your CageThe drive home was terrifying and I don't know what to do
Never Go to The Pound at Night....The Smirking Dog
don’t touch bryan massey
Let the Healing Begin...
don’t touch bryan massey
Never Go to The Pound at Night (The Smirking Dog) creepypsasta
The Blue Trailer
Real noises at night. Don't know where else to post.
Never stay for after school tutoring.
Real story. Noises at night.
Beans
I was asked to digitize some old videos and I'm a bit horrified at what I saw. (Part 1)
Lights
My old Babysitter was very strict about her rules.
Sleep paralysis
Times have changed since my life was barren and without purpose
A guy asked me to digitize some old videos and I'm a bit shocked now.
It's Best to Play Along
The Woman in My Left Ear
I'm being forced to face my demons on the longest first shift ever - The Spirit of Pride [Final]
Miles Part 1.
”That” feeling
There are giant wolves in the mountains of Alaska.
I Found A Social Media Site With Only 1 User
You think this is a game?
Interview with Ada Ruth Shell/Interviewer:Harold Black 08-09-1897 Part 1
I am go hunting for a wendigo
Brother prevented a school shooting
I am going to hunt a Wendigo
My snot has been turning into black sludge. And it’s slowly taking over the other fluids in my body it seems.
The Under Cells.
February, 1905
Edward Hyde Gives Away Success For Free-- If You Ever Meet Him, SAY NO! (Part One)
Edward Hyde Gives Away Success For Free-- If You Ever Meet Him, SAY NO!
So I Stayed at my moms house
The Room At The End Of The Hallway..
Creatures....
The Room At The End Of The Hallway..
Number neighbor
Normal
I tried to kill myself two years ago... and I think I succeeded.
Who the hell calls 911 for an itching ear?
My father punished me when I talked to ghosts
I've forgotten myself Part 1
There are massive wolves in the mountains of Alaska.
My experience with sleep paralysis and a tip to hopefully avoid it.
I've been waiting in line at Walmart for hours!
New Authors and Story Narrations
I work on a haunted ship
I work as a videographer. I was asked to do a job for a school that didn't seem to exist..
I sure do love my son
A bite victim, a abandoned car, and 4 idiots
I can become a "werewolf", but not unless I'm crying real tears
I work on a haunted ship
Just a thought
They told me the VHS I bought wasn't technically a snuff film. Maybe it would've been better if it was.
The Spooks (Part 5)
They told me the VHS I bought wasn't technically a snuff film. Maybe it'd be better if it was.
The joys and sorrows of revenge.
If this is a prank, it's a really stupid one [Part 1]
If this is a prank, it's a really stupid one [Part 1] (NSFW)
The Shattering [2]
Should I send him a snap?
I started dating a paramedic and am horrified by his reasons for saving lives [2]
Felix
Never Trust Your Reflection [Part 1]
God sent a prisoner to Hell. Humanity has their own devils to lock up. (Inspired by ‘I’m a guard stationed at a Secret Government Prison’).
Spooky Tea Originals (Granny of Ash) Ep 1
Eerie Footage
Houska Castle (part 1)
A Long and Dangerous way Home (part 2)
Something is wrong with my wife
The Horned Man: Part 2: Am I being followed?
Refrigerating Chills…
People are hanging from a tree outside my town. One of them survived.
The Horned Man: Part 2: I think I’m being followed
I wish you Would Knock
My boyfriend got weird texts from me at 4am that I never sent
Mr Jangle- a poem I wrote this morning about a creepy guy in my town
I've received and e-mail and I don't know what to do.
It was supposed to be a Fire Drill... [Part 1]
Haunted buildings had the best scrap metal. Here's why. (Part 2)
It’s so cold
I've recieved and e-mail and I don't know what to do.
Unexplainable event
I work at an old age home, and I think it's haunted.
I'm not actually missing
I Wish There Were Only A Tiger In My Attic
I Can't Sleep Because Of The Screams
The Woman Behind The Door
A Little Tributary off the Thames (Part seven)
I just graduated from medical school; here's what's been driving me through the worst of it
If You’re On an Overnight Train to Moscow, Don't Look Out The Windows
If You’re On an Overnight Train to Moscow, Don’t Look Out The Windows
I don't like my daughter's new toy. (part 2)
My Wife Called Today. She’s Been Dead For Over A Year. (Part 2)
The Fridge Keeps Making Noises...
My Wife Called Today. She’s Been Dead For Over A Year. (Part 2)
I recently ignored a chain mail and it’s the biggest regret of my life.
Any help would be appreciatedI Should Never Have Cheated On My Wife At A Gay Bathhouse
My job as cemetery caretaker came to be more than just gardening and digging graves [Part 4]
I found a mysterious package on my doorstep. My life is now changed forever. (Part 2)
My job as cemetery caretaker came to be more than just gardening and digging graves [Part 4, Final]
I think my dead mother wants me dead
Me and my girlfriend received texts from each other last night that we never sent. The texts were all confined between 4:15AM and 4:25AM. We live together and both woke up to the sound of the texts.
I share a house with ghosts
I have a test on the History of Magic in two days and currently passing this off as studying. AMA!
Why the hell was Craig pricked? Part 3
The Sounds of the House
I Got Lost in the Bush When I was Eight: The Wicked Scout
Finding Skin Walker Cave
Finding Skinwalker Cave
I think my school is drugging the students
A face in the crowd
There's a hidden world in the light, and a terrifying one in the dark
The Shadow Man
There's an unseen world in the light, and a terrifying one in the dark
There's a hidden world in the light, and a terrifying one in the dark
The drive home
The drive home
Tura O
Eighteen legs of WTF
Don’t feed them after midnight.
It was just a family vacation
We accidentally built a time machine.... And now we're figuring out the rules to time travel.
Dead In The Dark: I Saw A Snuff Film On Youtube
The Maggots
I Went To The Grocery Store But Now The Manager Won’t Let Me Leave
I Went To The Grocery Store And Now The Manager Won’t Let Me Leave
Don't stop smiling
I killed myself about a decade ago. Here's what happened.
Someone shot up my school and the shooter and I are the only ones who remember
I Can't Sleep Because Of The Screams
Looking for a story I heard on Youtube like 2 years ago
Case 3964: The Blackgate Incident (PART 2)
Looking for a story, possibly CreepyPasta, I heard on Youtube
I finally got some answers, but now i think I'm dying...
The Shattering [1]
A Confessional Like Story pt.1
I am the framer of cursed images. (Part 3)
I made a mistake investigating a local legend
When The End Comes: The Doctor's In
My Wife Called Today. She’s Been Dead For Over A Year. (Part 2)
Why do people think I’m lesbian
My Wife Called Today. She’s Been Dead For Over A Year. (Part 2)
My Wife Called s Today. She’s Been Dead For Over A Year. (Part 2)
don’t look directly at it
My Wife Called Today. And Nothing Is What It Seems.
While out hunting I saw a very strange man
The girl in the orange shirt
The Zoo I worked at has strange rules and guidelines. Someone died on my first day.
The Haunting Howls
HELP ME FIND MY SISTER
The Ranat
Fairies are not as they seem in story books.
creepy events that happened to my friends and I that to this day, I cannot explain.
A gift of knowledge
I Remember Teen Spirit
This one’s still out there— Nearest town to last sighting: Taylor, Arkansas
Yellowing Walls and Buzzing Lights Are the Only Things I Know Now
There's a theory that our nightmares are memories from our past life
SIGNS
A School Story
My neighbors dog keeps destroying my doormat.
My neighbors dog keeps destroying my doormat.
My husband died 3 months ago now, but why the hell is he still here?
There is a doll in my family that has caused us nightmares...my brother went into a coma because of it
Hitchhiker's curse
I just moved to a small town and there's something wrong with the people living here [Part 6]
I didn’t buy treats for Halloween. The tricks won’t stop haunting me
An Escape
I’ve never been afraid of basements until I went into the basement at work
I can see almost everyone
I love her, that's why I have to kill him.
I woke up in a dream and then woke up?
I'm Getting Hungry
What was it they used to say? It's bad luck to cross paths with a black cat.
The Spooks (Part 5)
There was an earthquake in my town yesterday, something is in my house
Missing Persons Case 3102015-14, re-opened. Investigation Report 9-11-2019 - Section 3
99% Off ($0.01) Amazon ✪Future-Lover✪ Women V-Neck Lace Floral Lingerie Set Mesh Babydoll Chemise Open Front Sleepwear Nightgowns Front Closure Bra
Our dreams are memories from a past life
Bioluminescence
I’ve lived in a basement all my life but now I know the truth
Hello Reddit!
My father is the reason you have déjà vu (PART 2)
I travelled the Multiverse, and the Gods are coming.
A quick story that kind of just formed in my mind while I was painting
Big-Face
Looking for an episode...
Save 70.0% on select products from Amuoc with promo code
My Neighbor won’t stop singing Christmas Carols Part 2
I run a bar that serves one of a kind drinks to clients in exchange for their stories...this one will be the death of me (Part 2)
My father is the reason you have déjà vu.
the lockers (part 1)
I fuod this old diary in the woods...
There Is No Escape #1
My father is the reason you have déjà vu (PART 2)
My morning shave was a huge mistake...Goodbye, Arcade Boy
This week I begin my new job.
My father is the reason you have déjà vu (PART 2)
I'm pretty sure my friend pissed off a ghost today.
Hey,just asking a question for a story I’m coming up with
I'm pretty my friend pissed off a ghost today.
This week I begin my new job(the welcome packet for my new job worries me)
There's a town a few miles away from me. It wasn't there yesterday.
I don't like my daughter's new toy.
There's Something in My Backyard and I'm Still Learning About It
My Missing Sister Part 4
I can't stop typing.
I spent three years in a war ridden hellhole. I was ecstatic when it was finally time to leave. Now I’d do anything to go back.
My father is the reason you have déjà vu.
My father is the reason you have déjà vu
We should never have left the Eden Retreat
Got punched the hell out yestersay by a nehbiourhood cop cause I needed anohter Incase you tought your insane
I have a strange friend.
I got lost coming home, and I’m still not sure where I was. [Part 2]
I performed an eerie ritual, and now I don't think I can make it through the night
A dog sitting job I got has a very strange set of rules to ensure that I live. (Part 2)
Our sun is a prison and it is failing.
Something happened to me at an abandoned house. Now I'm afraid to fall asleep.
My job as cemetery caretaker came to be more than just gardening and digging graves [Part 3]
Hello Reddit! Today I ask for your help
I read bedtime stories to my kids. One of the stories scared me the most.
The hole under the tree
Chi è Maurizio Laudicino | Marketing Sportivo in Italia
Glitch mountain lion attack and beige "thing"?
The Howls of Silence
The hole under the tree
I need demon/ghost help?
i dont think this is the right thread to post this to but please help me im scared now that ive shared something will go wrong
I read some bedtime stories to my children. One story scared me the most.
I still can’t sleep properly after that night in the woods (Part 2)
Help
The Sacrifice of Being a Good Parent
There's something very wrong with my neighbor
I Got Lost in the Bush When I was Eight: I Think I’ve Started Remembering What Happened.
There’s a Face Watching Me Sleep
I found my own dead body
The Howling
The Gift of Fear
I don't normally stop for hitchhikers
Something isn't right in my neighborhood
Transcription of Evidence for Case #5087
Something isn't right in my neighborhood..
Transcription of Evidence for Case #5087
Chatter
Transcription of Evidence for Case #5087
The town of valke part 1
Transcription of Evidence for Case #5087
The Ghost in the Screen
I Hate My New Aprtment(Part 3)
I don't think my shiftmate is human
My shiftmate isnt human
I'm a nosleep proxy and I was arrested for talking to someone at a gas station
Yandere won't leave me TF alone
My Brother And I Kidnapped a Woman for Thanksgiving
Hi my name is Ashley Please help me please !!!!! [update]
My secret obsession
I loved those little candies.
Into the Trees Pt5: The Girl was Never There
IMPORTANTDOCS
I might be haunted? True story.
The Plane That Wouldn’t Quit
About Sasha
i'm the secret scp they have been hiding from you and i have to warn you
The Man in the White Van
So I've been having the same feeling of Deja vu for the past week now...
Have you ever witnessed someone being possessed by spirits???
My sister was possessed and I had witnessed it!!!
The kids in my neighborhood haven't stopped trick-or-treating
How my catch up with high-school friends went so very wrong. PART 1
I Don't Like Emily Warrens
If you see footsteps to your house but not away, call the police.
I'm 27, and my dog has been with me since I was born.
We're having a weight loss contest at the office. Peggy's been cheating...
I used to be afraid of the dark but now I feel quite different (Part 1)
Whispers in the Night
I've Been A Police Detective For Many Years. We Got A Terrifying Call That Led To The Scariest Night Of My Life.
the ghost that saved my life
Awesiaki: The Bloodletter's Letters
My garage door is different
Daemon Sale
Everyone I went to school with is turning out to be a serial killer. I'm the only exception.
It Feeds
The Wailing of the Chimes
Some weird stuff is happening in my house, and I’m afraid to go to bed tonight.
I can't sleep anymore
I think my dealer is working with the feds.
I didn't believe in "werewolves," but I spent years hunting one who wept
Sister, Help me.
Everyone I went to school with is turning out to be a serial killer. I'm the only exception.
I’m a new ranger for the US Forest Service and I’m nervous about some strange things that have been going on lately. [Part 2]
There's Something in My Backyard and I'm Still Learning About It
Once Bitten, Twice Shy
"Pimples" have began appearing everywhere on my body.
The strangest dream I ever had
My Karma Points Hit 666 on Reddit and Mephistopheles Appeared to Grant Me a WishI never believed in ghosts until last night...
Subject 980 - 2002.
Lasik surgery took my color vision, but now I'm seeing red...
I think my school is drugging the students
My sister lost her memories, but she acquired someone else’s
I Was My Own Nightmare?
The Bunker Files (part 1)
Six rules to survive the engine room night shift. (part 4)
I woke up in a forest I don't know where the hell I am(pt1/?)
Remember, Remember
My shiftmate isn't human
The night beast. *Short story
Happy Halloween from the Gas Station [Part 6] FINAL
Happy Halloween from the Gas Station [Part 6--FINAL]
Remember, Remember
Long Ride Home
I Used to Work as a Cook at the Saint Alphonsus Orphanage
When I’m stressed out, apparently I turn into a monster.
Something Sinister Lurked In My Childhood Woods— It Ruined My Life
The Peeking Man
The Dark Past (PART 1)
Does anyone have any extra fingers I can borrow?
My best friend was planning to kill me.
Why I don't strip at bachelor parties anymore
There is something in the trees outside Kamas, Utah
A Creature I Met in my Childhood is Coming Back for Me
Magdalena: A Filipino horror story.
The Living Motel [Part 1]
If you find a mirror framed in brass, destroy it.
The Neverglades Mysteries: "Black Valentine (Part 2)"
A Quiet Moment
My Last Dance
Ebbots Dolls
Why you shouldn’t fall asleep in class
The hole under the tree
UCO Haunts
Scary Story to tell at bathtime
someone broke into my house and now they wont let me leave [Part 2]
I found a book
We're looking for new mods!
someone broke into my house and now they won't let me leave (P2)
My father is the reason you have déjà vu
I was bored with my life, now I regret everything.
An underwater object the size of a cargo plane just passed through the Great Lakes Waterway.
The Rules Couldn’t Save Me
Yup
I can't sleep at night
Lightning Changed My Brother
A Comfort and A Necessity
I told a Ghost Story at the Eden Retreat, now it’s coming true
I think we accidentally built a time machine.... And it might have been the biggest mistake of our lives.
Thirty years ago, I brought an injured cat home. It was the worst mistake I ever made.
If You're Thinking too Much, then You're Drinking too Little
The Horns from Hell (Final)
The Ghost of the Highway Chair
War of The TriPods
I still can’t sleep properly after that night in the woods. (PART 2)
I still can’t sleep properly after that night in the woods.
My grandpa is dead and I might be next!
My dreams come true
Sister, Help me.
The gray
Vashikaran Specialist +91-8729032992
I still can’t sleep properly after that night in the woods. (PART 1)
My job as cemetery caretaker came to be more than just gardening and digging graves [Part 2]
We accidentally built a time machine..... It might have been the biggest mistake of our lives.
The Man With The Clipboard
The Man With The Clipboard
Ebbots Dolls
Death and Taxes (part one)
The Wicker Saga: Song of Joy, Part 10
Something Sinister Lurked In My Childhood Woods— It Ruined My Life
Someone was in my room
I hadn't seen the moon man since I was a child
On Halloween, My Ex-Lover Confronted My Husband
The first.
My local homeless man broke in to our house.
I think there's a demon living in this subway station, but i really need the job
I started a cult
Family nightmare
Run
Sleep Paralysis
A true story with no names.
Tremble
I wished to see how I die and now that I know I’m not sure how to cope or continues my daily routine.
Sister, help me.
I’ve lived in my basement all my life but now I know the truth
Never Trust Your Philosophy Professors
I work in an antique shop, and strange things are happening here... (Part 11)
The misadventures of Wes and DaShawn
My grandpa, a retired homicide detective, just told me about the first case that made him consider a different career
I Love My Wife...
I helped out with a blood drive for a service project, and I don't ever want to see or hear of one again.
Do not revisit childhood memories, Part 3
That Wasn't Santa I Saw
I met my doppelganger and I'm worried she'll take my spot. (PART ONE)
Do you see Them?
Teddy???why?
Absolute Zero (Part Two)
The DropAbsolute Zero (Part One)
THE HAND PRINT
My Neighbor won’t stop singing Christmas carols.
Teddy??? Why?
I can't control myself, please help me.
KSSI VS LOGPAUL
The ride to silence
everyone is disappearing. i’m afraid i’m next
It’s Time
The Spooks (Part 4)
Epilogue of a murder and the murderer
I just moved to a small town and there's something wrong with the people living here [Part 5]
Could someone write a scary story for me?
Epilogue of a murder and the murderer
I should never have joined the Tri-State Paranormal Society (Final)
The Fog
Don't trust what they say. The fog isn't dangerous, it's what's saving us.
My father is the reason you have déjà vu.
FOR EVERY UPVOTE=1$ TO #TEAMTREES(i will post proofs)
Tinder Cult
Abandoned
Lasik surgery took my color vision, but it gave me something else.
Teddy???
I Made what I thought was the Perfect Wish, and Now I have Found the Flaw in my Logic
It always hurts when you leave a place of love.
W
Straw berrys don’t look the same
Missing Persons Case 3102015-14, re-opened. Investigation Report 9-11-2019 - Section 2
I think I'm high
Playing with Fire
My girlfriend likes to play
Playing with Fire
Don't drink the water (part 2)
Test Post. Please Ignore.
Playing with Fire
The Table in the Attic
Have you ever eaten a god?
I am the One In Control
Bah Bah, Black Sheep
Feels good doesn’t it?
I Am Seeing the World in 2nd Person !!
My Neighbour is Possessed
Happy Halloween from the Gas Station [Part 5]
We thought our roommates were just absentminded but it was worse
The Church beneath the Roots
Weird Rate My Professor Posts 4
Weird Rate My Professor Posts 4
The Gondolier
Spying on your neighbors is wrong! I did it anyway.
Under The Rug
I run a bar that serves one of a kind drinks to clients in exchange for their stories...this one got to me.
This cab ride never should have happened.
The Neverglades Mysteries: "Black Valentine (Part 1)"
I made a joke about a classmate... I'm starting to regret it. [Part 1]
How I gave a special 'thank you' to my favourite r/NoSleep author.
Elmo dream i had when i was 9 i guess
I have troubles controlling my body when I sleep
The Rules Won’t Save You
The Living Motel [Part 1]
There are Worms in my head
Mr. Happy Times Games
There is something seriously wrong with the smog in New Delhi.....
Six rules to survive the engine room night shift. (part 3)
I Learned the Truth About the Eden Retreat Sweat Lodge
My Shower Freaks Me Out.
Sleep paralysis?
My shower freaks me out.
I just graduated from medical school, and I think the dead patients are coming back to haunt me
Hi my name is Ashley please send help!!!!! [UPDATE]
Always remember that second step.
I am a student in paranormal phenomena.
Bad Omen Lady
Nightmare in the Cornfields
I sleepwalk and it's become a problem
A hole on the wall
Why the hell was Craig pricked Part 2
Panda
My Neighbor's Kid Stays Up Late
Hearing a sound I thought was my dog, turns out it wasn’t
Hearing a sound I thought to be my dog, no idea what it was until this day.
Please don’t look up 14444
My lab has successfully created clones. But, something about the clones causes others to behave violently. [2]
I am the framer of cursed images (part 2)
I keep hearing noises from under my bed.
Help me, Im trapped. But I dont want to escape...
The babysitters weren't the only visitors that night...
The babysitters weren't the only visitors that night... (True Story)
I found something between Floor 7 and Floor 8 (Part 1)
I received police reports of someone's death. I think it mine.
scary story series... if you have the guts... (horror narration)
My life, for theirs.
The babysitters weren't the only visitors that night...
How to Survive the Night Shift at Mr. Barton's Burger Blast
Ok this is true and I dont know where to put this.
Last year was my family’s last Thanksgiving
He had no face....(Part 1)
Teddy???
Unwanted Housemate
My little brother
Cross-eye.the "Fun" game
Teddy???
She was my knight in shining armour
Worms...
I worked on a cargo shipment, and have a story to tell.
My name is Quinton and I have the most amazing luck!
The Three Rules You Must Follow To Survive A Night In Our Coastal Alaskan Town
Groceries
I was robbed
People of Reddit: What's the freakiest alternate reality/time warp/glitch in the matrix you've ever experienced?
I’ve just been in a car crash and it was wonderful
My husband Jake passed away recently.
Are you tired? Then don't read this.
So there's this voice mail...
We thought our roommates were just absentminded but it's much worse than that
Don't take candy from strangers
Why Can't They See Me (Part 5)
Don't take candy from strangers
Don't take candy from strangers...
Epstein didn’t kill himself
Don't take candy from strangers
She's been talking to me this whole time.
It was me.
My r/nosleep story.
My version of a Family Cult
My experience with
My family is more than a 'Christian Cult'
She's been watching this whole time.
My family is more than a 'Christian Cult'
A "harmless" social experiment
The rumors of a cave in the dunes were true. We should have stayed away.
Atop and in the Middle.
Atop and in the Middle.
Falling Flat
I thought I had merely experienced the best trip of a life time, but I was gravely mistaken
Job Interview
The Dog With The Bottlebrush Tail
The Dump
Tales from a town that stopped existing. (Part 3)
A Late Night Visitor
The Dump
I'm a nightshift nurse. There was something horribly wrong with the woman who came in tonight.
Late Night Visited
Steady Focus Click
the alley
The breaking storm
What was the lomgest streak you pulled out an overnighter?
If a Stuffed Animal talks to You, Don't Talk Back
I’m a late night gamer- here are some stories.
Why was my son’s head found hanging from a tree.
Listen Carefully!!!They are near....The cult with 3.6 Billion people!!!
What is this strange power?
I saw between everything and now nothing’s absolute.
I’m a midnight gamer, sometimes things unusual happen...
I got lost coming home, and I’m still not sure where I was. [Part 1]
And when he woke up in the morning...
I saw between everything and now nothing’s absolute.
Home department store from hell
The God Farm (Part 5)
My girlfriend keeps asking me strange questions, and they're getting more sinister
A dream that came true. PART ONE
My Strange Mother-In-Law Has Come Over to Visit
I am a US marine. Let me tell you about my commanding officer.
SCP statue of death
Collection
How I helped solve my imaginary friend’s murder (Part 5)
Disney, the scariest place on earth
There is something in the sewers.
I discovered a town that stopped existing (part 3)
Stuck in a loop
Can I..?
The six million years project
Happy Halloween from the Gas Station [Part 4]
Nobody Remembers This Elementary School Computer Game
I think my hometown was replaced
My job as cemetery caretaker came to be more than just gardening and digging graves
The Break In
5th September 2020
I want to get a book report..
I discovered a radio show for a town that doesn't exist (part 3)
5th September 2020
I discovered a radio show for a town that doesn't exist (part 3)
The Ravenfather
I discovered a radio show for a town that doesn't exist. (Ep 3)
If a Stuffed Animal talks to You, Don't Talk Back
I saw something I shouldn't have seen last night, now I'm afraid for my life
I'm Scared
I come from future and I have some questions for you.
The Blessing
Stayin' Alive
The Blessing
I’ve seen a silhouette
The Horns from Hell (Part 4)
I'm an undercover journalist in a cult
I am a police tactical operator, and I ventured into a place I wasn’t supposed to. (Part 2)
The breaking storm
I had the same dream twice... and I remember both times so well
Don't drink the water
She can hear them
Our sun is a prison and it is failing.The Breaking Storm.
Don't drink the water.
My boyfriend disappeared on his way to work and I think something terrible might have happened to him. (Part One)
My boyfriend disappeared on his way to work and I think something terrible might have happened to him. (Part I)
Hi my name is Ashley and I really need your help!!! This is an emergency!!!
Shapeless Shadows
WHY?? Part 1
Make a Wish
WHY ?? Part 1
Apple TV+ เปิดให้บริการแล้ว /YOULIKEBET
I heard someone call my name... In a video game.
Paranormal bullshit?
I live in a small mountain town (part 5) (finale)
I went to the refrigerator to get a snack and then Dick Cheney showed up!
I can’t be sad anymore
Qb-462
I can’t be sad anymore
Prayers at the creek
Dugal
I honestly didn't mean to stalk you and I'm very sorry
Trials of Adam (a search for truth)
I want to kill myself, anyone here feeling generous enough to lend me a gun?
Shadows Over the Stars
I'm s government expariment on the run, please I need help
Zestativic's cult of madness.
I'm a government expariment on the run, please I need help
I stole a cool skull from my friends church home lawn
Oracle
I'm a government expariment on the run, please help me
My first story, constructive criticism appreciated
I'm a goverment expariment on the run, help
I took a neat rabbit skull (true story)
Why I don't play darts anymore
I am the framer of cursed images. (part 1)
The Corpse of Gavin
What is that!
Instead of going to college I'm working with cryptids- A date with a succubus and more (part 2)
Why I don't play darts anymore
I am the framer of cursed images. (Chapter 1)
My garage door is different
Whatever you do stay away from the red coin....Part 1
Why I don’t like working late shifts anymore....
The Experiment, Part 1
strange pics and moments in my life.
Pendulum dowsing
can you help me?
Brother pranks me on Halloween, ends with us moving away
My grandma used to say "We are attracted to those who look like us"
'Twas the night before Christmas/The truth about Krampus
The Parasite [Part 1]
Don't Cheat the Game
The Lost Ones
The Parasite [part 1]
It’s watched me throughout my life [Part 2]
My nephew talks in his sleep
'Twas the night before Christmas
The Parasite. (please let me know what you think)
Wacky's Special Show
Hell Hummels - A Short Horror Story
Wacky's Special Show
People in My Community Are Going Missing [Part 4]
I just moved to a small town and there's something wrong with the people living here [Part 4]
To the man that took my friends from me,
How my mom killed me baby brother
I met a skin-walker
Lisa
The Creatures Won't Stop Popping Up In My Dreams, And All My Dreams Come True... [Part 2]
I’m a new ranger for the US Forest Service and I’m nervous about some strange things that have been going on lately.
There is no heaven only hell
The Living Motel [Part 1]
I am a US marine. Let me tell you about this unusual officer.
I work for a ghostwriting agency in NYC, and I am terrified of our latest client.
I was once a loop.
the hunger.
Her Smile
Christmas came early this year
Pray You Never See Him
I can no longer sleep.
Rules on How to be the Good Samaritan of All Saint's Day
Grace
I accidentally spent the night in a haunted house and I went to tell you about it.
Man on the bus
Random guy gives my friend a creepy drawing
I competed in a game show where the contestants face their worst fears. The final round broke me.
No Name November.
so...
Four or Five friends used to get together for game night until one came up dead..
My Wife Called Today. She's Been Dead For Over A Year.
Who is it?
Grace
The Smell You Wear
The Halloween Decorations Come Alive At Night
Grace
House Building For Dummies
Bloodless Vivisection
(Series) The Mysterious death of Nickui Rameu Part 1 Entry/Per Day 1-2
my blood sings
I found the most terrifying website ever
My Wife Called Today. She's Been Dead For Over A Year
Fun HouseI found the most terrifying website ever (seriously/must read)
Twenty-three cigarettes.
The Sleeper
The Lake Erie Earthquake
A dog sitting job I got has a very strange set of rules to ensure I live.
The hideous Me
Choice is an Illusion. Your Only Choice is to Accept That
I've been praying for my mom's coma to end for fifteen years, but now I wish she would've remained unconscious forever.
The neighborhood near my english school
the neighborhood near my english school
Six rules to survive the engine room night shift (part 2)
Happy Halloween from the Gas Station [Part 3]
Ben
Bus Ride Through November Pt.1
The Bottomless Lake
The Running Man
Six rules to survive the engine room night shift (part 2)
Six rules to survive the engine room night shift. (part 2)
What is satisfaction?
Creepy guy gave my friend a weird drawing while we were hanging out
Searching for a post on here, help
People keep seeing another me in my home.
It was hard to notice anything over the heavy stench of your own rotting body.
Searching for a post on here (what was the name again ?)
I'm a normal child, well thats what others say
I Thought I Knew Who My Grandpa Was. (Short Story)
The Shift
CrownGamersEarnMore
I Went Through The Attic Today
Unikitty Cursed DVD
I’m a contestant on a new baking show. Today we’re making Baked Susan. (Part 3)
I'm currently at the wannabe haunted house
my 7 year old self is quaking
I'm currently at wannabe haunted house
The Sleeper
Ghosts, Ghouls, and Goblins are Scary, but Have You Ever Met a Saint?
The Woman of My Dreams
Imaginary Friends
Something Has Been Killing My Childhood Friends
If You’re Reading This, Don’t Let Me Wake Up
Playstation Portable
It's too close. They still can't see.
The doctor
My Girlfriend Bought Me A Book Called The Devil's Three Rules For Cooking People. I Really Wish She Hadn't.
She was alive.
"You're Welcome."
Hellish Trip Report
They thought they could kill me
I should have sold my soul instead
My fiancée and I are travel foodies. We would never eat something from that lake again.
My mother gave me her black card, and I bought something I shouldn't have on the DarkWeb
My fiancée and I are travel foodies. We would never eat something from that lake again.
I first asked god what the problem was
Just a dream.
Garfield.AVI
He told me never to leave the house, but someone needed my help
Our Halloween Decorations Come Alive At Night
Walking In A Winter Wonderland
This isn't her..
who first asked god
Dogs bark
Honestly, I’m starting to believe that some nefarious cabal has me wrapped around their fist so tight that if I take one step in the wrong direction, they’ll snap their fingers and—poof—I’ll vanish.
I saw Siren Head
Ouija board experiences
My recent ouija board experiences (part 1)
I just moved to a small town and there's something wrong with the people living here [Part 3]
I Had a Trick-Or-Treater That Wasn't Human
Order of the Dragon: Part 01
There's something wrong with this town: part 1
I Have a Phobia of Developing New Phobias
How to Survive Camping: I went trick-or-treating with the man with the skull cup
The night of horror
Something strange in the woods
Don't Fall Asleep
The door by the bus
Searching for a post on here (what was the name again ?)
Childhood
SuperMarket Memoirs 18: Did You Hear That?
Creepy or Wholesome scenario?
Something in the sea is trying to seduce my autistic son
Blogger Blog Adı Nasıl Değiştirilir ?
In from the cold
Don't focus on your screen.
I haven't slept for like 3 days... "click" "click"
I'm a Fireman, but it's the water which terrifies me
The Death of Jacob's Well
Happy Halloween, you sick bastards.
Demonic Deer In My Cornfield
The Zoo I worked at had strange rules and guidelines. The interview was not what I expected.
I Finally Stopped Hiding Under My Desk After 13 Hours.
(Series) The Mysterious Death of Nickui Rameu 1
the Thing in My Closet
Isabel's Promise
I can make anything happen. It's out of control now
Train Track Ghost
What's the scariest story?
Hollow Lanterns
I live on a farm out in the sticks. I found my late father's old journal.
My father Sold Me To A Monster On My 14th Birthday
Mystical Trash ch3Pine Needles
Isabel's Revenge: Part 1 Ten years before my sister Isabel had committed suicide at our paternal home and now I think she is back and wants Revenge.
The Uninvited
Tony and Harold
When the Nightmares Began
A story from the city
Our neighborhood has two homeowners associations, but only one of them is for the living
The Fire That Killed My Family
Hey baby, have you been a pure girl? I won't be your sugar daddy otherwise.
My Father Sold Me To Someone The Day After Myy 14th Birthday.
I have a Guardian Angel
My experience being abandoned and lost in the wilderness for 37 hours with no food or water.
Room B-26
I'm So Sorry
My solo camping trip in Belgium did not go as planned...
Grocery Shopping with Mom
Am I psycic? Possible glitch in the matrix?
I worked at a Theme Park called Pololi, it was strange and deadly.
An old nightmare
I found a way out of the Eden Retreat
I am the reason why these two people are outcasts in our city.
The Worst Wedding I've Ever Photographed
Found glass shard and salt on bed and floor
Under The Influence [Part 2]
The thing in the woods.
Happy Halloween from the Gas Station [Part 2]
I'm good at my job.
IMPULSE- A KILLER'S MINDSET (Part 1)
My little brother is my only friend
Under The Rug
Houska Castle repost
Y0u c9nn0t kn0w 3v3ryth1ng.
Y0u c9nn0t kn0w 3v3ryth1ng.
Y0u c9nn0t kn0w 3v3rything.
Y0u c9nn0t kn0w 3v3ryth1ng.
Houska Castle (repost)
My Son Killed Me
Six rules to survive the engine room night shift (part 2)
Is it a demon?
Six rules to survive the engine room night shift (part 2)
Everyone have heard the City Or Town there was name Call Derrey Maine (Fictional story)
Midnight Drive and the Savealexsavejon.com videos
The Last Trick-or-Treater
Blue Eyes
Am I Crazy? (Long story)
DON’T TRY THIS AT HOME !
The Horns from Hell (part 3)
My blood sings
2 Sentence Horror ~ My Cat
My blood sings to me
I’m never visiting a haunted house again.
I’m never (and I can’t stress this enough) visiting a haunted house again.
HOME
Just a question about the community
Hsjsjj
School Stories (part one)
I'm a Philly Cop, and my friend killed a house on Halloween [Part 1]
today
I'm not alone in my house..
I think it knows I'm there and I don't know what to do
Into The Abyss
I think my father was an Angel.
After this I will never play with a Ouija Board again
Treat
Eve and the Documents
It's Halloween night and my next bus is 4666
Fuck
Do not revisit childhood memories, Part 2
Do not revisit childhood memories.
The Spider Bite
My brother collected eyes.
I transcribe videos for the police - this is the story of my last case - The Sleepwalker
Looking back I dont think she was ever human. (Part 1)
I’m a contestant on a new baking show. Bad baking will definitely get me killed. (Part 2)
I discovered a secret alcove in the floor of my apartment. What I found there is totally freaking me out.
My friend thought he was being haunted
I dont think she was ever human.
If You're Reading This, Don't Let Me Wake Up
I’ll always be there for you
Step on a Crack
I'm the Sole Survivor of an Experiment Known as the Soul Paradox
I wish I would have never started collecting Funko Pops
Coincidences
It'll be ok as long as I don't talk about it.
They cancelled trick or treating this year
I Think Something Terrible Happened to My Sister.
I work for a private ambulance company
Clockwork
Every night at 10 pm, I walk home from my university library.
I took an after hours janitor position at a nursery school. I lasted a week.
My Neighbors Take Halloween A Little Too Serious
Pumpkins Make Me Drink 2
My grandpa, a retired homicide detective, wanted me to share another one of his cases to celebrate Halloween
I Dressed Up As A Vampire Tonight For Halloween. I Think I Just Met A Real One.
Familiar Strangers
Please just
A Skinwalker is Killing our Cattle
The Seeds Of No Tomorrow || WARNING:: EXTREME GORE AND BAD LANGUAGE!
I do not celebrate Halloween
It wasn’t just a bucket. It wasn’t just red paint.I Found Out Why School Food Is So Bad
The Seeds Of No Tomorrow || WARNING :: NSFW :: EXTREME GORE AND BAD LANGUAGE ||
I Scratch at My Arms when I’m Nervous
Ten pathways
I’ll always be there for you....
Send Jerry Out
Midnight at the Mausoleum
I found an old bomb shelter in my great-grandfather's garden
I’ll always be there for you... copy and paste
My daughters achieved the perfect Halloween costume
I Can't Stop Shaving
I just moved to a small town and there's something wrong with the people living here [Part 2]
If ever you need me I’ll be there
THE TIP OF THE CAT PLUSH'S TAIL HAD A CLAW...
The Girl in the Quad
How to Make Your Life More Interesting
An update of the pretty shitty pizza party
House Building For Dummies
Weird ghost like figure seen in car commercial. *UNEXPLAINED*
I was kidnapped to be part of a research study Part Four
What I See After Rubbing My Eyes for An Hour Straight.
The Curse
My school has been on lockdown for a week
My first ever story posted here, be gentle :)
I Keep Dreaming Of A Missing Little Girl - IV
My Son was Kidnapped from the Trunk-or-Treat
I recently started working as IT for a restaurant chain. The corporate office has some very strange rules. (Part 3)
Everything I touch decays and dies
Roadkill
There's Something in My Backyard and I Think it Took My Dog
My body dysphoria has gotten worse
These creatures could be human... or the manifeststion of fear itself...
Organization Black 001-A
I Have A Second Shadow
Mr. Burnham
I made a mistake
The screaming (woman) on the church tower
An update on the pretty shitty pizza party
Mr. Burnham
I think I made a mistake
This horror stories of manga is best for bed time!
The Jack-o’-Lantern
The Jack-o’-Lantern (A Halloween Story)
The most awful photo I have ever seen.
Don't look into a mirror in the dark
A Halloween to Remember
Don't Eat Out
I found a recording of a dream journal.
Something horrifying happened to me in a McDonald's drive-through
On the last October-day, there is a strange phenomenon in the forest by my city
The Glass Cage Pt. 2
Shush
My small farm is having some unusual occurrences...
Tony and Harold
Successful Integrated Transport Procedure
Someone shot up my school and the shooter and I are the only ones who remember
A Skinwalker is Killing Our Cattle
I've been going through local newspaper archives for a school project and I came across this article from 1947, one of the dinner guests sent someone to check on the wife a few days later and found her in the middle of making more stew, most of the article was put together from her confession.
Six rules to survive the engine room night shift (part 1)
I got a job as a Security Guard for a Morgue, but I found a list of unsettling rules........ [FINALE]
How I became and urban legend in my city
I dont go to sleep but I keep waking up
I dont go to sleep but I keep waking up
The Scariest Political Ad I’ve Ever Seen
This is the last one.
The Time I was Nearly Murdered Buying a New Car
His Ravenous Children
The Frowning Man
Missing Person Case 3102015-14, re-opened. Investigation Report 9-11-2019
Every Halloween, I get the same trick-or-treater
Welcome to the Halloween Horrors Tattoo Parlor!
In my earlier years I loved to troll on the internet. I took it too far.
My school is hunted, or something....
The Transcript of a Call Between Mrs Amanda Potter and Mr Peter Bartholomew.
this guy I work with has been acting weird
The Scariest Political Ad I’ve Ever Seen
I'm a school caretaker and this place is getting weird
Halloween Reaper
All You Can Eat
Lake Berryessa holds a Terrible Secret,
To the Future Buyer of This House, You Need to Know Why The Closet Door is Boarded Shut.
Rosalynd
It’s Game Night One Last Time at the Eden Retreat
Who is The Wraith?
"That Guy"
Alone (Part 2)
Happy Halloween from the Gas Station
Why I'll never go trick-or-treating again
Wake me
The Devil's Three Strange Rules For Cooking People. And Baking Gingerbread Cookies.
Five students have died at my high school this semester while trying this new internet challenge.
The Devil's Three Strange Rules For Cooking People (And Baking Gingerbread Cookies)
Three
Something other than Voudou, pt. 3
Wasps and bees have begun to mate, and their offspring's venom mutates people.
The Shadow Man
Scruples
Manchild gets exposed by ex-gf as serial abuser of women: Internet promptly destroys his life.
I've Been Hiding Under My Desk for 12 Hours
Humanoid creature was chasing the carWasps and bees can't mate, can they?
The Horns from Hell (Part 2)
Farmer Pete's Haunted Kids Corn Maze
Late night in the morgue
Smoke Without A Fire
I Hail from a City of All Women! ...They're Coming for you all!
The real life counterpart to the SCP Foundation
Where to begin
Chain men
I have one job. And I’m very good at it.
I had a horrifying experience in the McDonald's drive-through
Late night in the morgue
I decided to write this short story because I was bored
A Week-Long Cruise to the Philippines
In the water
I'm a guard stationed at a 'secret' government prison. (FINAL)
Why the hell was Craig pricked Part 1
Late night in the Morgue
I am a police tactical operator, and I ventured into a place I wasn't supposed to. (Part 1)
Silence in the Air
Mr. Walbern
People in My Community Are Going Missing [Part 3]
I am a police tactical operator, and I ventured into a place I wasn't supposed to be. (Part 1)
I had nosleep
A true horror story
My House is Haunted by the Future
My Neighbor's Attic
The Haunted House of 31st Street.
The Little Girl that Lives in the Woods
The Experiments at Willow Ridge
Peeling
My sister disappeared on her way to cosmetology school
Miss Maggie
Me and my friends found an occult ritual, but I saw something much scary.
Bloodless Vivisection
Haunted buildings always had the best scrap metal.
Strange Changes- Answers (finale)
I've been on this Math class for far too long.
The Man.
My next door neighbour, Donny, has been replaced and only I have noticed
Midnight at the Mausoleum
I’m a contestant on a new baking show. I need some tips or I might die.
My little girl made a new friend named Mary
I could be breaking the NDA, but at this point, I don't care.
5 minutes.
ADDICTED 2 CONTROL
Cult Town Horror Story pt.2 for your halloween entertainment during the night...
I'm being forced to face my demons on the longest first shift ever - The Spirit of Wrath [Part 3]
The Static Speaks to me
Hello
The fuckening
Special Needz 1M YOUR GOD NOW
I think curiosity may be the death of me [part 3]
You Hear the Angels
I was the sole survivor of a 34-car pileup
The Thing an 8 page story.
A job offer to good to be true
Instead of going to college I'm working with Cryptids
I was a devout follower of rules.
I keep hearing a car horn coming from inside my house
I am everything, or so I thought.
I think I'm being haunted
I moved to a small farm and we have some unusual occurrences...
GodSlayer (Part 1)
Julie’s Story
Underneath The Old Hotel
I want to talk to you about what is next for your mind.
Someone shot up my school, and the shooter and I are the only ones who remember.
The Veiled Valley
My Ex Had Some Demons, Now the Demons Have Her
The beast of Crimson Creek
My husband developed an extreme version of "werewolf syndrome."
I keep getting these strange marks on my body.
Don't go hiking on deadboy hill after dark.
Snow tends to soundproof the world
The Good Guy
There's something wrong with Rebecca
Depths [part 1]
This was not in our agreed upon timeline
I found strange notes in my wall
I worked in a haunted mansion
Creeps in airplanes are just the worst!
[series]Depths
Instead of going to college I'm working with cryptids
There's Someone in the Walls
I got my flu vaccine for the first time in 10 years...
I decided to write a short story cause I was bored
Kyle: the last stand (Kyle: monster hunter part 2)
There's Someone in the Walls Pt 2
I was bored and decided to write a short horror story
The Red Eyes
There's Someone in the Walls
Looking for someone to help me figure out what's going on with my friend
I did it, they cant... they WONT hurt anybody else...
If you ever come across a game named 'The Fake One': don't play it!
The dark room
My wife is scaring me while she's asleep, I think I'm in trouble
I somehow accidentally got into some psychiatrist's email account and the emails he's getting from patients are really weird
We found a lighthouse in the woods. It's not on any map, and something's turning it on at night.
I found my own dead bodyDo you ever just feel so angry with the world you want to kill everything in the room with you?
There are no paths from here.
Under The Influence
I’m being hunted by the US government for discovering that aquifers don’t exist
Have any of you guys experienced this?
Alone in the Woods
I couldn’t dash to the door quick enough
I Spent A Night Inside An Abandoned Prison. It Wasn't Abandoned.
Mental health
The man made apocalypse and its rules (Part 1)
I Keep Dreaming Of A Missing Little Girl - III
Green Skin
I couldn't dash to the door quick enough
I think I'm Pregnant with the AnitChrist
My Family Was Cursed With A Demon ... Now It Wants Blood.
-Don't- Scratch the Itch
A message for a stranger
Friend
I work at a crisis call center. This is a call that saved lives.
I am
The Rogue Ragman
If anyone is listening, please help me!
(Don't) Scratch the Itch
Dreams.
The Good Dog
A storm took all of my co-workers, but never even existed
A humanoid monster stalked my home and haunted my dreams.
The Good Dog
Jenna/Julien nosleep podcasts
The day I was selected for a kidnapping
Crossover
After All These Years, This Halloween Someone Finally Noticed Me
Crossover(™)
The Farm
Dave
The Witch
I saw a ghost while working the night shift
Help! The same person keeps standing outside my door every Halloween night. He won't go away.
I saw the bothersome man again today. This time, he had skin.
The Itch Keeps Getting Worse
I'm writing warnings for everyone when I sleep
My last mushroom trip
How do I get rid of my demon puppy?
The PLH doesn't exist
I was kidnapped to be part of a research study Part Three
I died this morning. I was buried yesterday.
A Man In A McDonald's Washroom Wanted To Show Me "Something Cool"
The Right Girl
There's a Batman magnet on my fridge.
Twist in the Tale
I was the whistleblower for an experiment known as The Soul Paradox. This is my story.
I’m On An Caving Expedition To Reach a Record Depth Underground. We Weren’t Expecting to Hear So Much Screaming
What binge watching Hell was like
What Binge Watching Hell Is Like
Reddit, I need your help to kill myself
One day I looked at the mirror and saw someone I thought I’d never see again.
My family's darkest secret lives in my grandmother's house.
The Stalker
Emily's Mother
The Little Girl Who Couldn't Feel The Cold
Someone shot up my school and the only ones who remember it are the shooter and I
I think the salesman at the cosmetics store poisoned me. I liked it.
I think the salesman at the cosmetics store poised me. I liked it.
I just graduated from medical school, and I finally learned the most important rule about being a doctor
ADDICTED 2 CONTROL
We play Capture the Flag Differently here at the Eden Retreat
My friend was haunted by a face
I had a disturbing conversation with my neighbour’s 10-year-old son.
Escape Your Inner Demon’s For Only $19.85
I had an extremely scary nightmare last night
A Man In A McDonald's Washroom Wanted To Show Me "Something Cool"
What he wants [Part 1]
The Horns from Hell
Escape Your Inner Demons For Only $19.85
The Monster in the Woods..
House Tours
Everyone thinks I'm crazy, but the same person knocks on my door every Halloween night. He won't go away.
Escape Your Inner Demons For Only $19.85
The Russian Sleep Experiment
The same person knocks on my door every Halloween night. He won't go away.
There is something in the mountains of Stave Lake
The same kid knocks on my door every Halloween night. He won't go away.
Real life counterpart to the SCP Foundation
A genuine encounter with the "simulation theory"
😱
I was the Wrong Michael [Part 3]
I BABYSIT MY COUSIN EVERY SATURDAY UNTIL HE TOLD ME SOMETHING THAT MADE ME STOP
I WAS BORN TO DIE
The Grey Thing
I used a Ouija board to contact my dead friend.
I moved to my hometown and has since started to gain old memories I don't remember having but I feel like they are mine
The Box: Coincidence or a Supernatural Affliction?
Color Blind
OPEN!.wmv
Eczema
My school got shot up and the shooter and I are the only ones who remember- UPDATE
The Sewers
This Is Why Camping Sucks
I work on a cruise ship and everyone is missing from the morgue. [Part 2]
Something is very wrong with my neighborThis strange man just entered my Diner.
Banshee Sighting
Always lock up your firearms
Shes really hungry
The Banshees From Hell
There's something in the woods around the cabin
[Obligatory daily story about weird rules]
There's something in the woods around the cabin Pt 1
I'm being forced to face my demons on the longest first shift ever - The Spirit of Lust [Part 2]
There's something in the woods around the cabin Pt. 1
Stay Put
Going camping? Are you really prepared?
My Favorite Recipes For Making Friends and Keeping Them
Walking in to the void
I Went To A Weird Pumpkin Patch
The Ball in The Woods
The Voices
The Voices
I don't think my Grandfather was from here - PART 3
What has my freind given me pt 1
I’m taking ECON 360 this semester - the syllabus has a strange set of rules (Part One)
They're Watching Me
Weird bright lights
God Left Us int the Somme [Part 3]
There's something in the woods around the cabin
Upon Hallowed Ground
Why I don't babysit anymore...
A Call From Stonebroom Lake
Rural Road
I'm a debuting MMA referee and the things the promotion is asking me to do can't be legal
only a mannequin...
Do not revisist Chilhood memories.
I was a jerk in the subway station. Now I've paid the price.
Carving
I recovered some strange recordings and here's what they say
How I killed my stalker
I just moved to a small town and there's something wrong with the people living here
Suicide pact 15-17 y.o. boy dm me
I (52m) am the reason my daughter (13f) is insecure about her body
THE WARNING
I Can’t Breathe
There's something weird going on with homeless people in my city...
The video game I created is acting as if it’s got a mind of it’s own and I don’t know what to do about it.
I’m a trucker, and I just found a channel on the CB radio that I think was meant to stay hidden. (Part 3)
Apocalypse Radio Now: Episode 2
A Guest for Dinner
A Tale of a Half-Emptied Horse
I Can’t Breathe
The keereoshi
I'm just another monster
Weird flashes
The Wanderer in the Dark
Star of polar, o so fair
A short poem
I can't see Big Bird the same. (NSFW/NSFL)
I am but a mannequin...
September 2019 contest nominations
The Green Eyes
I accidentally summoned a demon three days ago.
A quick word from our sponsor
The link between minds
Something weird happened in the woods...
My brother is kinda scary these days
The Controllers
Blogger In SEO Teması 2020 - Namina Kiky
how i found out About goveRnmEnt secrets And a warning For all cItizens to lay oFf social media ouTlets. this is mY stOry aNd my burdEn
My adoptive family have something sinister planned
I Think I've Found A Cursed Board Game...
I Keep Dreaming Of A Missing Little Girl - II
I think the serpent still lives...
I’ve Been Driving On This Mountain Road Forever. PLEASE SEND HELP.
My family has changed, and I don't know what to do.
The Beetlejuicing Project: The vanishing of Hansen Rockwell
My family has been acting strange.
An unwanted friend
Tap tap, who's there?
I found a kidnapper from a disturbing Youtube recommendation.
I shouldn't have told my class the legend of Cecilia Simon (Part 5) (Final)
Shadows In The Fly Space.
I ain't checking my fuckin' messages, nigga.
I shouldn't have told my class the legend of Cecilia Simon (Part 5/Final)
Remember The Zoo?
Houska Castle
Something is down in southern MD
Three weeks ago I took a video of what I thought was a UFO. Now I really wish I hadn't.
Death Ride
Three weeks ago I took a video of what I thought was a UFO. Now I really wish I hadn't.
I've been a search and rescue diver for 12 years. We see a lot of strange a disgusting things, but what I saw last week has me questioning both my job and reality [Part 4]
Remember The Zoo?
An early morning invasion
I pranked visitors when the power went out
A note on Celtic graves in the South of France
A note on Celtic graves in the South of France
A note on unmarked graves southern France
Alone
The man in the shadows
Noah’s Playground (Part 1)
Don’t summon her.
My Great Aunt was there when the bomb was dropped on Nagasaki. She says there was something in the fallout.
Strange Encounter... Wendigo?The Shadows in my Bedroom
I Saw A Human Face In The Jack O’Lantern
I can't fucking sleep
I was chased around my estate by a known killer in the area
I think america is trying to torment me
Stupid Sexy Serial Killers
Brother like Brother
The Neverglades Mysteries: "Checking Out"
Amelia [Part 1]
I’m a Homecare Nurse: The Seven Rules for Mr. Tweague’s House
Can someone tell me what strange creature my son is seeing in our backyard?
Mr. Reynolds's Dick
I’m a Homecare Nurse: The Seven Rules for Mr. Tweague’s House
I don't known if this is allowed!
A social experiment known as the Soul Paradox
Love Kills
I sold my kidney on the black market, now strange things are happening (part 1)
Please do not accept this pendant.
Houska Castle
I was kidnapped to be part of a research study Part Two
Merely Conversation
I think my memories are broken (part 2)
We’re running out of food here at the Eden Retreat
The IPhone I found on the sidewalk belongs to a member of the Sinaloa Cartel.
True home invasion from this morning
Do not summon her
Soudan Underground Mine isn't the deepest mine in Minnesota
Help!
The Accidental Cannibals
Sleeping Buddy that Helps with Anxiety
The Curse Of Wickborough (Part 3)
How to write and tell really good scary/creepy stories?
Patient zero
Help! I'm trapped in a city of all women! ...I don't feel like myself
Help!
The Toothless Killer
I travel the Earth by going through doors and I really freaked out about it. (Part 1)
The Church on Rotterdam Hill
Anyone know this weird track?
I couldn't sleep last night because of this
Got A Call From My Friends House Phone- He Wasn't Home.
No Rational Reason — or How Sleep’s Robyn Now?
Everyone Here Is A Bot, Except Me
The Story on my Skin
ATTENTION!!!!! Need suggestions
My roommate talks in her sleep
I am a notorious serial killer
Was I haunted, of did I have an imaginary friend? Please help
Mother
Mother
There is something deeply wrong with my hometown
My cemetery is getting weirder...
I Found the Humming
NeverGales Chapter 1
I summoned a demon, but it doesn't know what the hell it's doing.
NeverGales (Harmony Case)
would you eat poop for 10k?
He is dead. But im the victim
I got a letter from the Butcher, and she beckons me to meet her... PART 2/3
Fort Mill Road
Are skinwalkers migrating?
I Have Information About you and Tens of Millions of Americans. It's Been Leaked.
My school got shot up and the shooter and I are the only ones who remember it
Have Skinwalkers migrated?
I don’t know what’s true anymore.
My school got shot up and the shooter and I are the only ones who remember.
I was the Wrong Michael Part 2
Insomnia
I Swear this just happened
There’s a demon in my room and its out to get me!!!
The Mask
I have been living a lie, but I’m not sure which side of myself is the truth.
My Father Was a Serial Killer
The Mask Won't Come Off
Tales from the Tunnels - The Great Worm
Sooo Scary I couldn't sleep for 3 days
I'm being forced to face my demons on the longest first shift ever
I'll never buy a Halloween mask off of eBay again...
Does anybody know what is going on with me? This is slowly ruining my daily life.
The Ball in The Woods
I met a cryptic stranger
A homeless man offered me a chance at immortality. I wish I hadn't taken it.
I don’t think this violates HIPAA but I changed the names just in case.
Something Is Wrong With The Church’s Pumpkin Patch
I don’t think this violates HIPAA but I changed the names just in case.
I am only a mannequin...
Johnny Mnemonic and The Slaying of The Wizard
I work in an antique shop, and strange things are happening here... (Part 10)
I am only a mannequin...
Something other than Voudou, pt. 2
I woke up in a field full of people and now I might be going to hell (Part 1)
Weird noises during an episode of our podcast
He found them
Something other than Voudou - pt. 2
I witnessed something horrifying at Wendy's.
I've researched a "werewolf" sighting for years
Have you experienced wonderland?
For my dear princess...
NeverGales (Harmony Case Pt 2)
The Missing BrotherMy personal demon
"I Have a Phobia of Developing New Phobias"..
I’ve seen my own blood for the first time today
For my dear princess...
I just got a job as a Security Guard for a Morgue, but I found an unsettling list of rules........[PART 2]
I don't think that person at Fright Night was an actor
We stopped a school shooter, but now I wished we hadn’t.
For my dear princess..
We were wrong.
Skin walker on mission trip
We stopped a school shooter, but now I wished we hadn’t.
My neighbour is acting strange and I want to find out what’s going on
Skinwalker on mission trip
The girl with long black hair.
The Grange
When we got to Centralia, things only spiralled downwards, the town was ripped to shreds with almost no survivors...
When I was young something invaded my town
The lost hikers of Pinewood
Do Not Summon Her!
The Trilling
My train missed its stop last week, and no one noticed
I got a job as a Security Guard for a Morgue, but I found an unsettling list of rules...... [PART 2]
Drink.
Sometimes I work as a psych sitter (5150s)...
I Keep Dreaming Of A Missing Little Girl - I
There's a House of Mirrors in my local library but it isn't as fun as it sounds
My Girlfriend was Cremated
That's Not My Dog
Greetings
I'm a hospital pharmacist, and I think my friend is trying to kill the patients.
I Was One Of The Last Visitors At The Pumpkin Patch
Almost Kidnaped
"I Have a Phobia of Developing New Phobias"... (Who Visits a Grave on Halloween Part 3)
Garfield is Real, and he's Hungry
Every year I take my grandson trick-or-treating. I think I will stop.
I shouldn't have told my class the legend of Cecilia Simon (Part 4)
Every night I crawl out of my bed and head to the abandoned cottage to save the world
Trypophobia Consumed my Life
Does anyone remember this paranormal game?
I shouldn’t have accepted the dare.
I don't know why I'm here
The Nursing Continues: The Doctor's In
The Man Who Ate Swans
My friends dared me to do something I shouldn’t have done.
The Grange
I went in for surgery. What the doctor's found will haunt me forever.
In the back of your mind...
Kill 'Em With Kindness. Or Vice Versa, In This Case.
I Have A Daughter And She Won't Stop Screaming
my kpop fan sister disappeared and yesterday i received an email containing rules on how to find her again
Ashes to Ashes, Dust to Dust
Ashes to Ashes
My Artificial Heart
Does anyone know about this paranormal game?
I am a coroner in Russia, and this was the strangest cause of death in my entire career
Ani-me (edited repost)
The Botanist- Part 1
Its inside the cabin with me.
I Started A Dream Journal
My chemistry teacher is making me want to kill myself
Blog One: I started a new exercise program. It's been tough, and I'm having nightmares.
I'm a Contestant on a Survival Game Show, and The Host is Trying to Kill Us [Part Six][Final]
Jellyfish
I helped a hitchhiker.
It was not a sleep paralysis as I thought
I Went To A Weird Pumpkin Patch
Kidnapped by my sister's psycho ex
Sweet Deals
I work on a cruise ship and everyone is missing from the morgue. Part 2
The Pit
tell me about your most creepy story
There’s a mole at the BFSH Eden Retreat and I’ve been ordered to smoke it out
I just graduated from medical school, and it turns out that every rule on my list has a meaning
Sweet Slumber.
I know he is Watching me
My nights in driftwood acres trailer park
Straw Man Fallacy
I think my memories are broken (part 2)
My best friend went missing twenty years ago. Today, I saw him.
Hey I’m new to reddit
Lycanthropy Is A High
Sweet Deals
I am afraid of the dark.
Cryptid
My family is scared of me and.... I am too
I went to the library for a late night study session and now I don't know where I am.
The strange rules at my workplace have rules within them.
An Easter Egg that was never meant to be found
I’m a soldier, but something in the field made me question my instincts
Same dreams for a month
A collection of shorts
Sacramento’s Secret
The Kugelblitz, the Terror, and the Schrodinger's Man
I don’t know what’s wrong with me...
So it was going to be a typical night yesterday for me
I work for a strange facility
So it was a typical night for me yesterday
My Last Cleaning Job Didn't Go So Well
My friend is staying with a host family abroad and I got this email
"I'm watching..."Salt the Earth (a short story)
It's a tough job
My friend is staying with a host family aboard and I got this email....
Why I am afraid to shower
I teach English to foreign students - I astral projected to my childhood memories, but this isn't what I remember...
There's someone here that I cannot see.
Their Accounts
sleepless night in the woods
My Creepy Neighbor....
We’ve been held captive by our smart home for 72 hrs. This bitch has gone too far!
The Book of Mormon
My neighbours don't believe me that their house is haunted
I think my memories are broken
I got a job as a Security Guard for a Morgue, but I found a list of unsettling rules........ [PART 2]
Do not Revisit Childhood memories.
My friends and I watched a cursed VHS tape...something came for them, I'm next. UPDATE
Something Is Going On In My House, And I Don't Know What It Is
NeverGales (Harmony Case Pt 2)
I DON'T KNOW WHO I AM
I Wish I Never Visited Grandma's Grave
Since I was a kid, I have lived in the same house, so naturally, I have gotten used to the everyday things that happened there, the mysterious scratches that appeared on the siding, mysterious gouges in the doors, I only noticed a problem when I moved my wife and my daughter into the house....Part 2
My living nightmare
I need a break from exploring after this one...
Watch out for random forgetfulness.
Where the logging trail leads
I work for a ghostwriting agency. We always have interesting clients, but the one I spoke to today left me with a difficult dilemma.
There is something coming up my street.
My Omegle Chat for the Last Time
I was the Wrong Michael
The Amazonian Mirror.
There's something weird going on with homeless people in my city...
The Records of Tara Hauklin: Summer of 2018 (Pt. 1)
i will wait
There's something weird going on with homeless people in my city...
Please Explain! Season 13 Episode 18 - "A Death in the Family"
I've been trying to find my way home for days
My boss tried kill me but his brother died first
My dad gave me a soul for my birthday… and now I know what kind of dolls he really makes
I keep seeing someone at my window..
The door by the bus stop
Listener Submitted Stories [Part Four]
Be Careful What You Ask For (Part 5)
I think my Latin teacher saved me
I’m in love with this guy. The only problem is, I think I’m imagining him.
The Zoo I worked at had strange rules and guidelines. The interview is where it all started.
The figure with the red eyes
I grew up in a haunted house-Sam and a few other surprises
We discovered immortality, but something went wrong (part 2)
The Midnight Game
I'm trapped in a 10x10 room with unnatural darkness, a desk, and a 90's computer with microphone.
The Midnight game ( let me know if you'd like to see this as a movie and want more added on )
We discovered immortality, but something went wrong (part 2)
I worked in a sub-sea tunnel as a waterproof installer. I think we found something not meant for this world.
I went out in the sun in September and came back with the Devil's Itch.
There is an article known as the "Amalgam of Nations"
There's something in the woods killing people at my school.
I'm a warehouse worker who wishes he had any other job
My Family Ghost Story
Strange wooded phenomenon
Sneezed twice in quick succession
NeverGales (Harmony Case Pt 1)
Tried to chase ghosts, found something else
This happened on my street before I was arrested at BDL. If you haven't heard it on the news yet it's because they don't want you to.
I'm a failed documentary filmmaker. When my mother saw a ghost outside my childhood bedroom, I went back home to make a film about it.
I saw some horrible things at work but this made me leave and never look back, I’m haunted by the memories each night
The strange truth of the Smalls Lighthouse incident
Something other than Voudou pt.1
There's a House of Mirrors in my local library, but it isn't as fun as it sounds
That memory is a stain. No matter how hard I scrub, I worry I'll never be clean again.
God Left Us in the Somme [PT.2]
I started working in the corporate world and it's nothing like i've ever imagined. (part 1)
The Serpent in the Pond
My wife is scaring me while she's asleep, I'm getting some help
Something terrible happened to my family. I made sure that it wasn't one sided.
God Left Us in the Somme [LETTER 2]
It Took Our Socks
I hate living with my sister 2
They fed my body to the pigs. Twice.
Doll moves and it’s gone missing now
I Work For The SCP Foundation, Something is not right about this facility.
My husband is a spy for the Canadian government and this is my story. (The Musician: Part 2.)
My Grandpa was a tanker in WW2 I read some of his journal last night
I work for the S.C.P Foundation, somethings not right about this faciltiy.
Why I quit my job at the Pumpkin Patch.
I am supposed to be dead.
I found a place where you can watch the sun rise in the evening
My trip left me speechless.
Don't believe this title.
I watched somebody die and then come back alive
This is why I don't let my grandpa play roblox, and I regret it.
I can't post my stories any where else this is my last shot.
They're Close (Part 3)
Hello me find an episode to listen to!
TIC TIC TIC
Something weird is going on with my dad
I shouldn't have told my class the legend of Cecilia Simon (Part 3)
Baby Shark
I got a job as a Security Guard for a Morgue, but I found a list of unsettling rules........
I watched an unlisted TED Talk. Now people are coming for me.
Incident 5My family has been haunted by a spirit for nearly 13 years
What do you do to not get scared at night?
The Blue Pills Part 2
An Unknown Creature
My personal demon
The Blue Pills Part 2 (link to part 1 at bottom)
There’s something in the pipes.
My dog makes me hallucinate
Remnants of The Past and The Problems That Come with Them: Entry One
My Dad Took a Job as a Lighthouse Keeper, I've Discovered Some Strange Information
The figure with the red eyes
My face
I have been reliving the same day.
I bloodied a woman for her public disrespect,and I loved it
I've been reliving the same day
Diets May Never Work
The Earthlings S16 E3 - Supermarket Stab (Part 4)
The Quiet Place
I’m a new employee at a daycare and it has has weird and horrible rules.
I discovered a radio station for a town that doesn't exist. Ep 2
The ice cream man has a new flavour and the kids are crazy for it. (Part 2)
I volunteered to sit next to a dead man on a plane, and deeply regret it.
Kromofor Nedir ?
I’m a new employee at a daycare and they have horrible and weird regulations.(Help me)
Its inside the cabin with me.
Heels
Me and my sister saw the same shadow person in my room
On the ten o’clock bus
Help! I'm trapped in a city of all women! ..and I've been lied to for five years!
That man always made me feel uneasy
A Little Tributary off the Thames (Part six)
To all Institute agents: captive is on the run.
I never believed in ghosts til now...
The Figure
I found out why we taste
The new eraser I got as a birthday gift isn't just a normal eraser
The Phonebooth in the Desert
There is a reason why doors should stay locked at night.
Deja Vu?
Gunshots
I’m a cam girl. One of my clients is stalking me.
Where the logging trails lead
has this happened to anyone else? (i'm legit confused)
A Third Short Update From A Police Officer in a Former Colonial Town
Bad weed trip
A Curse and a Blessing
Shadow people
Another Short Update From a Police Officer in a Former Colonial Town
The Old Town Train
The Creatures Won't Stop Popping Up In My Dreams, And All My Dreams Come True... [Part 1]
I'm the caretaker of a labyrinthine prison. Our newest inmate isn't what I expected.
It (creepy Halloween)
Countdown till you die app
My worst fear has just come true.
My grandfather, a former mountain guide, refuses to climb mountains again. After reading this entry from his journal, I know why.
I think curiosity may be the death of me. I couldn't just let things lie.
The Incident At Serpents Shadow
Sweet revenge
How to Survive Camping - Rule #8: the people with no faces
My husband is a spy for the Canadian government and this is my story. (The Musician: Part 1.)
A Night Alone
-Waste- 500 word story
Something strange happened my first day back to work, and it's not okay
The Garden
The Western Water Buffalo
I Stopped Taking My Anxiety Medicine and Now I’m Going Crazy
A song of Ink and Blood [Part 1]
My mother's cult won't leave me alone. [Update]
Halloween hotspots
Sweet revenge
Sleep Paralysis
The Microwave I Bought Made Me Go Insane
I've been held captive in my house for 48 hours. I think it's going to kill us.
My house belonged to a serial killer
We discovered immortality, but something went wrong (part 2)
Turn of events
I'm a detective, and something's stealing corpses. [Part Two]
My friends and I watched a cursed VHS tape...something came for them, I'm next.
Everyone in my town hears the same voice in their head at the same time every day
Did you ever have that wonderland experience?
Never Mock Among The Dead
I'm a detective, and something's stealing corpses. [Part Two]
I met Death himself in a dark alleyway. He showed me something terrible.
The one interesting story I have to tell
The Father
I hunt my kind this is what started it.
I just got a job as a Security Guard at a Morgue, and I found an unsettling list of rules.........
Rooms 1-4
The scary story
I was forced to enter an online competition, I wish I hadn't
guys this is a test pls dont waste ur time reading this thanks
The Great Neck Massacre
Granddad
It’s watched me throughout my life [Part 1]
We created an AI to protect us.
The Great Neck Halloween Massacre
I can't get out of this TED talk (Part 2)
I hate living with my sister
My commute was cut short
We discovered immortality, but something went wrong (part 1)I'm a truck driver and my company has some strange rules
The infection of death and life
We created an AI to protect us.
They keep talking about “Him”
I can’t sleep
3:00
The door on the ground in the woods
Troop 116’s trip to Pine Park
Since I was a kid, I have lived in the same house, so naturally, I have gotten used to the everyday things that happened there, the mysterious scratches that appeared on the siding, mysterious gouges in the doors, I only noticed a problem when I moved my wife and my daugher into the house.
If your hideously wrinkled zit starts talking to you, I don’t recommend cutting off your ears
I'm a detective, and something's stealing corpses. [Part Two]
Backstory of momo
It’s watched me my entire life [Entry 1]
A door frame in our new house has a number on it
The Paintings In My House Are Showing Me Death Omens
My grandma is scaring me. Part 3
My 57 year old neighbor is terrifying pt.2 and 3
Uncle Leonard's Disturbing Slideshow
He's coming for me...
The Entity- Mystery_Horror
I Woke Up
The Red Room
Help, please! I need...
The Dinner Guest
Skinwalker on a mission trip.
Something is wrong with my child. Please help!
I Got Eye Surgery, and Now I Can't Stop Seeing Ghosts
The Dinner Guest
This is my first post on r/nosleep my gf wanted me to post it.
My face
Ani-me
The snowfalls
God Left Us in the Somme
My house it haunted.
He's coming for me...
Everyone needs a friend inside their mind
I've been a search and rescue diver for 12 years. We see a lot of strange and disgusting things, but what I saw last week has me questioning both my job and reality [Part 3]
I’m a trucker, and I just found a channel on the CB radio that I think was meant to stay hidden. (Part 2)
I found strange patterns in a white noise station
I’m a trucker, and I just found a channel on the CB radio that I think was meant to stay hidden. (Part 2: On and on and on)
How do I get my best friend to stop being mad at me?
This Letter I Got From My Cousin.
Something on the weather segment of the news tonight caught my eye
The Reboot of Kyle
Grammy &amp; Papa - an introduction.
I am a Divine Being
Red eyes
This happened a few minutes ago and im still freaked out
I shouldn't have told my class the legend of Cecilia Simon (Part 2)
This was only a few minutes ago and I still feel uneasy in my room
I Finally Found A Mom Who Loves Halloween As Much As Me
THE DOLL STUD UP!!
After my family died, I entered the Devil’s Dance Hall, and I never walked back out
The ballad of Vernon Hugh
I Cant Find My Voice... Part 1
Dream Coil: a letter to my personal demon...
I Have To Go To The Dunes
Run
I don’t really know WTF this is, but I may have received instructions for transporting yourself.
This is based on a scary true story
The Woman In the Blue Coat
The Picture
My Time with the CellKey is Almost Up. Who's Next?
My brother, who was accused of rape, burnt himself to death.... But something just doesn't seem right to me.
Ghosts exist and heres the proof (video proof)
I fucked my mom
A man I knew became a part of a cult and I don’t know why.
There are still prisoners at Alcatraz. You just have to know where to look (part two)
My dead boyfriend won’t stop texting me.
A door frame in our house has a number
Am I the only one sick of "*insert job* left odd rules" I just think they are getting old
The Three Horrifying Rules You Must Follow To Write The Most Popular Nosleep Story Of All Time
Sweet revenge (a story within a story with a valuable lesson)
The Scream Inside Murton Murder's House of Horror
I can't do this anymore
Don't believe this title
My wife is scaring me while she's asleep
I Keep Dreaming About A Little Girl Who Has Gone Missing - I
The infection of life and death
I Keep Dreaming About A Little Girl Who Has Gone Missing
The infection of life and death
The Creature
Help me he's coming with her...
GLOBAL NOTICE ABOUT THE OUTBREAK
I could predict the future?
What people Ould do for a friend wood surprise you.
I think something got my friend.
My Dad took a job as a lighthouse keeper, the caretaker left a list of rules.
I'm quite certain I met Death in a dark alleyway. He showed me something terrible.
I got bullied and i dunno why…I feel everyone hates me
The reason i don't host or attend Halloween parties anymore.
IMPORTANT QUESTION REGARDING SLEEP PARALYSIS
This is a mission log from the first-ever mission to Mars, told in the perspective of an AI known as MACS Part 1.
Sophia's Favorite Knife
The Crying
Get out of my woods...
The Russian Sleep Experiment
The Toy Chest
dm me
My grandma is scaring me. Part 3Russian No Sleep Experiment!!!!
Everyone's been getting rain, except us
I was visited by the Dab Tsog(Night Hag).
Lockdown
I think I am the victim of a deep web suicide gambling site
A Psycho Mom Attacked Us On Halloween Night
I think i a victim of a deep web suicide gambling site
My Mom’s Skin-walker Experience
The Small Man
My moms skin walker story
I Received A Letter Today And Fate Always Catches Up With You (Part2)
The reason i dont't host or attend Halloween parties anymore.
They are all after me
The Mannequin in the Women’s Fitting Room
Let That Man Go
I was attacked last week by a bizarre stranger. What he did to me makes no sense.
A Ghost Is Impersonating My Brother
C.I.S.T
The snow keeps falling, and it's calling me
My worst experience with a doll
My monstrosity of a face
Snowed In
I keep on spawning in police shootings, and I confronted the leaders.
I’ve been held captive in my house for the last 24 hours. I don’t know if we’re ever getting out.
I’ve been held captive in my house for the last 24 hours. I don’t know if we’re ever getting out.
A door frame in our new house has a number on it (Mature)
My stepdad gave me a soul for my birthday… and it’s starting to drive me insane
I'm a detective, and something's stealing corpses.
A Revenant Stalks The Isle of Man
My 3am experience
I can't get out of this TED talk (Part 2)
My dog Roslos.
Something was in the trees
I Found Something Hidden On An Old Wii Game, The Third
I lost all of my friends to a storm.
I was being watched..
Something horrifying is living inside of my daughter.
The Mirror
They Come Out At Night [PART 2]
My daughter hasn’t been herself lately, not since I brought her to that hospital...
I Wrote About Something Evil, And Now It’s Come Looking for Me….
Someone was watching me
I found a note in my old college stuff. I never should have looked at it. Part II - No Escape
Just an ordinary Tuesday
Does anyone know how to get eggs out of your ear?
I've been sleeping with ear plugs for months
Vision shut off when I was in high school
I was stared at by the old man in the desert.
Vision shut off when I was in high school
My face is falling apart and I don't know what's happening
Something terrible came with the rain [Final]
No Candles, No Exceptions
I'm not where i'm supposed to be.
The Weather On Kepler Is At Their Leisure
In the House without Windows and Doors you can wait out the Apocalypse
The House That Time Has Forgotten...
I Drove a Faceless Girl Home
There’s Something Strange with Downcoal Town
Someone is in my house
PLEASE SAVE ME FROM HIM!
I work at a fire lookout tower and I’ve seen some crazy stuff (4)
I discovered the horrifying reason why men empathize more with fetuses than with women
I'm stuck on a roller coaster with dead bodies.
They told me my baby was special part 3
20 seconds of Hell. Surviving a Tornado.
The Blue Pills Part 2 (link to part 1 at bottom)
The radio station
The Fog isn't Letting Up, and the Singing Won't Stop
Weird Things Keep Happening in my Town and I Don’t Know Why
I keep ending up at the bottom of the stairs when I trip. Advice?!?
Everythime I trip going up the stairs I end up at the beginning again. Advice?!
I'm being followed by somethings at work
Selected Reviews for Liquorice Flavoured Love Potion
If you’re reading this right now this may be the last post I ever make.
I made it with my son
I think I'm being followed by something at work
He's seen me
I made it with my son
I’m a trucker, and I just found a channel on the CB radio that I think was meant to stay hidden.
We Were Stalked By A Halloween Mom
they were gone
Mr. Dog
Me and Some Friends are Playing a Game, And I'm Winning
Turns Out I Cannibalized My Best Friend
MOUNTAIN VACATION TRADGEDY
NoSleep podcast
Ferntop is Hell(part 1)
It's in the shed
Last night, I recorded a thunderstorm in my backyard. Something's wrong with the footage. (Pt. 3)
Last night, I recorded a thunderstorm in my backyard. Something's wrong with the footage. (pt. 3, final).
I wish I never opened that door
Dark and wicked creatures stalk the Scottish Highlands.
Be My Jury
Something has been following me ever since I left the museum.
Snowblind
Have you seen him?
I’ve Been Flying for almost Thirty Hours and The Flight Attendants Won’t Stop Crying [Part 3]
I shouldn't have told my class the legend of Cecilia Simon (Part 1)
I'm a Contestant on a Survival Game Show, and The Host is Trying to Kill Us [Part Five]
That Russian road in the middle of nowhere had six rules. We only read five.My daughter has been acting strange. Today, I found out why.
I'm a security guard hired to protect an estate, The forest has eyes [Part 10]
The Follow (Part One)
The creatures that come with the storm
Wagner's Hill
All The Trees Nearby Are Screaming
I Found Something Hidden On An Old Wii Game, The Third
Need some advice about my roommate (Part 3):
My Daughter Called Me From a Car Accident
Little Dead Nancy Part Two
The Blue Pills
Munich Waldfriedhof Haunting
Something is floating amongst the clouds over my town [Final]
Never Go Kayaking at the BFSH Eden Retreat
I left my front door unlocked accidentally and now a dangerous serial killer lives with me.
The blue eyed devil
Not the Usual Halloween Night| part 2
Does shut eye help at all?
Don’t mispronounce a demon’s name, or you may summon something else.
Something's Wrong in Philadelphia
Instructions for using the Harborview Motel Mirror
Looking Glass Dancer
Not the usual Halloween Night
Sometimes I think a little.
Does shut eye help at all? Have been laying in bed for 5 hours with just my eyes closed unable to sleep anxious about my exam today
Waldfriedhof Haunting - Munich
I subscribed to killing infants...
Waldfriedhof Haunting (Real nothing made up)
I can't get out of this TED talk (part 1)
I’m a personal chef..
I'm a PI. Something Weird's Been Happening In My Hometown (Finale)
Is it a ghost
Be careful of the buses you take
Just look forward, there not real
The ice cream man has a new flavour and the kids are crazy for it.
I make people tell me the truth by keeping eye contact with them.
The tree on Hiverhill pt.1
The tree on Hiverhill pt.1
The Curse Of Wickborough (Part 2)
The tree on Hiverhill pt.1
Help! I'm trapped in a city of all women! ...I don't feel too well
The Courtyard of Morpheus
Shadows Over the Stars
Our new neighbors live in the dark...
Anxiety
Dad hated leftovers. I wish I did too.
My concept of time is beginning to slip down here.
Annabelle HORROR STORY
Annabelle HORROR STORY
My Craving
I think there's something wrong with my cat.
I heard scurrying coming from my attic and called an exterminator but he never showed up
Black eyes 😶
Diary of a Monster [Part 2] 9th November 1972
The Mirror
My lab has successfully created clones. But, something about the clones causes others to behave violently.
Something was in my addic
Weird Things Keep Happening in my Town and I Don't Know Why
Even if I leave, I'm afraid they won't stop coming
Demon look alike at the foot of my bed
Kid walking in the midnight...
My friends went into a haunted house and I don't know if they came back out
It Had Six Toes
Kid walking in the midnight...
This Day Keeps Getting Worse!
I don't think my Grandfather was from here - PART 2
I think I'm inlove with my sleep paralysis demon (Part 1)
Are these stories supposed to be real?
Why is there a homeless man begging after midnight
It Started In Chicago: Part One -- The Warning Shot
I was hired to investigate portals to other worlds: Officeworld
Anteater
My dad died
We turn handles for a reason
Anteater
My Ex Saved My Life
The Crazy Night I had
Anteater
I Thought Survival Lists Were Ridiculous Until I Was Chosen (Part 3)
If you're not a sugar baby, don't respond to strangers on the Internet who want you to be.
If you don't have a sugar baby ad up then don't respond to strangers who act like you do.
The girl on Redcliff street.
To the person reading this: I’m Sorry
Anteater
I ate a plate of time.
No more lives games
Jenna Marbles apologises to the r/nosleep community: “exposure is not currency”
Scary creepypastas?
I keep on spawning in police shootings, and I discovered the place where they keep the dead.
It keeps tapping on my wall
On Halloween Night, We Were Attacked By Killers In Insidious Costumes
I recently started working as IT for a restaurant chain. The corporate office has some very strange rules. (Part 2)
They're Close (Part 2)
She ruined my life... Everyone I love is gone. This is my little footprint that shows I did once exist. My life was good. Until I met her.
To the person reading this: I'm Sorry
Diary of a Monster [Part 2] 9th November 1972
Diary of a Monster [Part 2] 9th November 1972
Diary of a Monster [Part 2] 9th November 1972
They're Close (part 2)
SoftThe simple rule
Damnfreakytvcultthing.mp3
No noise, corpses will hear us.
Don't trust anyone just run.
The Num Num Casket
Every town has their own local lore of haunted place, and I decided to investigate the one place that i was told never to go to. And i will never drive at night again.
The Glass Cage Pt. 1
Don't trust them. please.
The Glass Cage (Part 1/4)
Apocalypse Radio Now
Is this thing real, or am I insane? How can I make it stop looking at me?
The Glass Cage [Part 1/4]
I am definitely not scared, no one needs to help me, I promise
I HELPED MY FRIEND KILL HERSELF
My doctor put something awful inside of me. I don’t know what to do.
I am definitely not scared, no one needs to help me, I promise
There's something in the vents at my dorm
My Tinder match took me to an underground restaurant for our first date. I think I’m lucky to be alive.
Ghost in cemetery
A deal with the devil is not what you expect, a long awaited updated [part 3]
Tails from a summer camp
Cancer has plagued my family for a long time. A strange woman just offered to cure it.
what a night
i killed my daughter... and she came back
I’ve been stalking young women weekly for three years, but I think the tables have turned
When she learned to look up
Mystical Trash ch2
What is reality
I went searching for a witch in desperation, but I should have mourned instead.
What is reality?
Where are all those magnetic bracelets
My wife and I finally had date night, but I don't think we'll be going out again anytime soon
Day ?
My meds aren’t working, I’ll solve this myself
I Wake Up In A Different Era Everyday.
Psychopomp
Don't Visit Monument Valley Alone, PT. 2
There's something standing on two legs outside our tent. And it's NOT HUMAN.
Psychopomp
I had to move back to my old Town
The radio station
The meds are useless. I’m the only normal person around
Dysmorphia
A Note Apart - Part 2
A souvenir from the cottage
I MIGHT HAVE JUST RECEIVED PROOF THAT WORMHOLES EXIST
Bathroom noises
I’ve been cutting skin off.
The man Of the town
The Kamikaze Cartoon.
The Human Detachment Project Part 2.
A Psycho Mama Attacked Us On Halloween Night
I work for a ghostwriting agency. We have some incredibly interesting clients, but I’m not so sure about the one I spoke with today.
A Pay It Forward Moment Almost Resulted In My Death
I started dating a paramedic and am horrified by his reasons for saving lives
She's always with me.
I've been hearing other voices in my echoes.
I’ve Been Locked in Here for 6 Hours
The House Was Never Empty
First Born
Something in the dark *part 2*
Last Halloween I went to a party. It's been one year since, but I still wake up shivering every night.
My wife brought something home in a bag and refuses to show me what’s inside.
They've been finding bodies inside trees for a couple of years now; perfectly preserved, just like the day they dissapeared.
Silence
The Vacation
Cursed from birth
My Girlfriend Started Acting Very Strange on Our Anniversary
I dissected the male mind. What I discovered will frighten all women.
Something in the dark *part 1*
I walked Old Ed's Road on Halloween
Not everything is as it seems
I think traveled through time in my sleep.
I know why Emily Burns is Missing
[Request] Does annyone know the NoSleep post where a guy has a time traveling being living inside him, and he keeps missing out on longer and longer periods of his life, until he talks with his grandson and they manage to save him?
I'm a Contestant on a Survival Game Show, and The Host is Trying to Kill Us [Part Four]
A luxury I dont deserve
I accidentally befriended the new girl at school and it ended up being the biggest mistake of my life
The white moths in Maine that people call angels.
Nolensville, Tennessee
Dead Birds are a Bad Omen, right?
The Long and Dangerous way Home (part 1)
The welcome packet from my new job worries me
I found my lost dog... but not in the place I expected him to be.
We no longer talk about the tunnel
Eerie Haunted House Experience
I've been a search and rescue diver for 12 years. We see a lot of strange and disgusting things, but what I saw last week has me questioning both my job and reality [Part 2]
My neighbor's dog won't stop barking, what do I do?
The God Farm (Part 4)
We no longer talk about the tunnel (Based on a urban legend at our school)
Someone Came to the Eden Retreat Who Doesn’t Belong
The Mother Of All Halloweens
Strange events during my overnight shifts on campus are getting worse (pt 2)
I've Lost A Portion of My Adolescence Memories, You Wouldn't Believe What Helped Me Get Them Back.
My dad met my girlfriend 33 years ago, 14 years before she was born.
I teach English to foreign students - I returned to St. Martin's Land with conditions and information that disturbs me.
Michael
Bathroom Banquet
Story Hunter, Part Two
I’ve been waking up at 2 am everydayI think I'm from an alternate reality.
Rush hour train is packed, even though there's only me.
Rush hour train is packed - even though there were only me.
Pumpkins Make Me Drink.
It's back
The Blue Pills
People On The Roof
Day 96 on Earth 328
88 potatoes and counting...
I grew up with meth parents
Day 96 on Earth 328
Weird Things Happen in my Town and I Don’t Know Why
My sister’s a model, and her agency did something to her (Part One)
My sister is a model, and her agency did something to her (PART ONE)
I noticed something I shouldn't have at the grocery store
My grandma is scaring me. Part 2
HAUNTED PLACES IN INDIA
Narrated this part, hope thats ok!
HAUNTED PLACES IN INDIA
Everyone in my family is assigned an hourglass when they are born. Pt.3
Tales from the man with cold hands: Afternoon Drive
Scapegoat
This thing took my friend before the green eyes got to me
Dating for almost a year.
Never house sitting my friends place again
Butterfly effect story
Hell Under the Surface
I called upon the devil and he delivered *trigger warning* (pt.1)
Don't trust the sky.
I have experienced true free will
Two months ago, the US Navy officially acknowledged that the “GIMBAL”, “FLIR1”, and “GoFast” videos are of real unidentified flying objects. What else are they hiding? What else have they seen?
I Love Children.
I work at a small port in NZ, we're currently experiencing total blackout and it's all my fault (part 1)
TinMan: The Doctor's In Journals
My Aunt Connie Makes a Killer Tuna Mousse
I Love Children (reincarnate of 'Let’s have a child.')
My Family Doesn't Know Our Guardian Angel is a Demon
Something is stalking me
Fortune Teller
Everyone was gone, and it was all my fault.
I should have just studied for the GMAT
My friend's mom raped me at a sleepover
I now know why my daughter kept waking me up.
No Sleep When You See This Child Killer
Fortune Teller
H u RrY.-
Late Night Talk
I haven't been a very good witch lately
I wish Grandma Gene hadn't left me this in her will
Late Night Talking (p.s this is the first story i have made so don't judge lol)
H u RrY.-
Do not play the music box
You don't have much time .HURRY
My wife brought home something in a bag and refuses to show me what’s inside.
[TRUE STORY] Reddit is stalking me...
I keep on spawning in police shootings, and I attempted to stop the officers from killing more people.
8:45 AM
I can't keep this secret anymore.
Bleach is my favorite beverage.
Creepy Crawlies in the night
My brother had an accident when he was little and now can see ghosts [PART 2]
My dad just gave me a soul for my birthday... and I'd rather be rid of it
Bleach is my favorite beverage.
I’ve Been Flying for almost Thirty Hours and The Flight Attendants Won’t Stop Crying [Part 2]
Degrees of Separation
I’ve Been Flying for almost Thirty Hours and The Flight Attendants Won’t Stop Crying [Part 2]
I broke the rules at the haunted house I work at.
I’ve Been Flying for almost Thirty Hours and The Flight Attendants Won’t Stop Crying [Part 2]
The countryside is a weird place.
I'm Lily Madwhip and I Might Have Doomed Us All
Is there Subliminal Man woman messages in movies? All women secretly want patriarchy?
Always trust that hair standing feeling
They told me my baby was special part 2
Anyone who is upset that Jenna and Julian read their stories from here on a video (while giving credit btw) need to get over it. How childish can you be? Has no one ever told you not to post things on the internet that you don't want shared?
A destroyed town left over from wild west has a reason for being destroyed part 1
We thought they were just Mosquitoes.
The Smiling Woman in my Bathroom
What was in the street and what keeps creaking open my door?!?
Never Answer the Door for a Stranger
Last Halloween I found a ritual in a book and now I'm friends with an old witch spirit's
There are many ways to die...
I was hired to investigate portals to other worlds: Fleshworld
I experienced true freewill
There are many ways to die
My grandma is scaring me. Part 2
My grandma is scaring me. (p2)
I'm being watched.
Abducted
I recently started working as IT for a restaurant chain. The corporate office has some very strange rules.
Do you believe that Destiny brings certain lives together?
I only met my friends family thrice, and I fear I will never recover from the uncanny encounters
In the woods
Someone keeps knocking on my apartment door [Part 3]
the slasher
I walked into the door of my next inevitable victim...
He's not home yet
Nosleep challenge
I souls my soul and nothing happened.
I'm A Story Hunter
I found a diary of my deceased relative recounting the events before her death. I think she was friends with a demon.What really ATTACKED our horses?
Night Shift.
Welcome To Dobin: The Newcomer
A Story I Found In My Old Google Drive
The Nightmare
Can a building haunt a person?
Sometimes a Trip To Chernobyl Can Be Beautiful........ and Dangerous
she is fine.
I had a weird dream
My grandma is scaring me. (P2)
Working at a carnival
WHO’S BIRTHDAY IS THIS [part 2]
I had a weird dream
My dad is a demonologist, and I've never actually had a paranormal experience - but lately, I can't really explain what is happening to me...
Fortune Cookies
Can a building haunt a person?
A Trip to Chernobyl Can Be Beautiful..... and Terrifying
Never liked the color red.
Environmentalist are Unintentionally Bringing Back Vampires!
Suddenly I can't remember my dreams and I don't know why
Don’t mispronounce a demon’s name, or you may summon something else.
1, 2, 3
I was adopted into a rich family and my new mother is a doll
I keep on spawning in police shootings, and I attempted to stop the officers from killing more people.
Dream loop: A horrific experience
I'm here, laying my grandfathers ashes to rest
The Sleepover
The Pine Barrens
american slasher
Scary Story
The Dead roads
american slasher
My bumble BFF.
How I knew Liam was ‘the one’
That Damn Thing in the Snow
Don't Drink The Apple Cider
Dr. Safeless
There was a shadow-man at my door
They told me my baby was special. part 2
You never know what you’ll hear if you record yourself sleeping.
The Hitchhiker
I’m Starting a Collection
The Deep Web
My family and thinks I’m invisible
Something is floating amongst the clouds over my town
Something has been floating amongst the clouds above my town
The Game
The Dancing Arms Sing
Something has been floating amongst the clouds above my town
What Is This Strange Note I Found?
The Room With No Door
The Dancing Arms Sing
I'm a Contestant on a Survival Game Show, and The Host is Trying to Kill Us [Part Three]
They just vanished.
My final memory.
The Dancing Arms Sing
I went to a spoopy house. It was spoopy.
The local children think I'm a witch
There’s a woman who keeps following me in my dreams
I found a haunted forest as a kid
A Piece of Me DIED With You That Night... [REAL EVENT OC]
I Bought a Wife Online: Update (pt.2)
I just graduated from medical school, and the voices from my past are getting stronger
A Visit from Mr. Spike.
How I lost my fear of needles
My stalkers are creeping me out
Game of Smash Bros turns into a terrifying game of tag
Kitten
There's something outside my door
Something terrible came with the rain [Part 6]
I'm a PI. Something Weird's Been Happening In My Hometown (Part 11)
The other side: Awakening (1)
A Fun House
The strange case of Madeline and the mommy pigeon
Government employee.
My narration isn’t that great yet but still proud that I’m finally making videos like it. So here’s a creepypasta. Pokémon Black.
Sandy Woke Something Up
Help! I'm trapped in a city of all women! ...I just met the Devil!
[ITS NOT REALLY CREEPY] She dissapered and I didn't know why
Our neighbors went insane. Please send help! A family of four need your HELP!
Weird Things Keep Happening In The Town I Live In and I Don't Know Why
My favorite canvas
Help guys, seriously, I only have ONE DAY left
A decade ago [Part 3]
Darkness Descends
Announcementtt
Tails from the front desk audit.
I unintentionally travel to other dimensions
My apartment complex’s doors won’t open, I think it’s the government.
Old ghosts and nightmares
The porcelain skinned child.
Someone keeps knocking on my apartment door [Part 3]
I work on a cruise ship and everyone is missing from the morgue.
Someone keeps knocking on my apartment door [Part 3]
That Was One Big Giant Creepy Crawly
Noitalumis
Cybershock
My eccentric neighbor was a Collector of unique arts... PART 1/2
I’m stick
For Love Part 2The Meaning is Off
My eccentric neighbor was a Collector of unique arts... [PART 1/2]
She fell from heaven
I hate this guy so much, it’s time I deal with it.
They're close. (part 1)
There's something else in my house, and I don't know what to do.
This dude constantly tells me I’m not good enough, so I’m going to make him stop.
For Love
A Group of Campers Went Missing in Alaska, I was Sent to Investigate (Part 2)
My demonic professor.
The night I saw my dead mom...
Who Visits a Grave on Halloween? (Part 2)
Something weird happened while i was showeringy
Space, the endless expanse, is where I felt safe, my worries a world away. This is why i can never go back.
All of the Stars are Dead
I Received A Letter Today And Fate Always Catches Up With You
My Gut Never Lies PART ONE
I Received A Letter Today And Fate Always Catches Up With You (Part 1)
a sky without stars
I Received A Letter Today And Fate Always Catches Up With You
I Received A Letter Today And Fate Always Catches Up With You
Don't Forget your headlights, especially in the rain
Kardashev 5
I'm a junior high schooler in Chesapeake, Virginia. I never expected to be disrupted by a body falling from the roof of my school
SG9saWRheSBkZWNpZXZlcg
I'm an interdimensional time traveler trying to save your world
I fed into my friend’s schizophrenic delusions and accidentally started an ARG
I fed into my friend’s schizophrenic delusions and accidentally started an ARG
My Shadow...My Dakrness
What happen last night made me shake beyond repair.
I stalked my schizophrenic friend and accidentally created an ARG
"It had finally left"
I woke up and couldn't stop myself from shaking from last night.
The Bus Won't Stop
How I Lost two Years of my Life
I should have slept
Prophet of Madness; Devourer of Minds
Anabel the theater ghost
Hi, my name is craig...
It won't leave
Theres something in my house. Its on my door.
I don't understand
My Father
The meds don't work, and they never will.
The panio playing doll.
A Small Train Accident.
When I go to sleep people die
One of my stories of the death of my soul
The Road Trip
I keep on spawning in police shootings, and I need to figure out my purpose.
The Road Trip
Haunted VR TRIGGER WARNING
The Curse of Wickborough
10 Minutes
My stalkers are becoming a problem
WHO’S BIRTHDAY PARTY IS THIS
Don't Go Exploring Carter's Cavern
Sandy Woke Something Up
The night killer
My stalker(s) are becoming a problem
I Found a Village in Italy That Still Worships a Roman Goddess, and Now I Wish I Didn't (Part 4)
Silent Clown
Report about a shooting.
Why I Hate Lists
The Man On The Roof
An elderly woman with a walker keeps following me, and I don't know why (Part One)
I found a note in my old college stuff. I never should have looked at it. Part I - The Watchmen
The hole in my garden
My Reality Doesnt Exist
My grandma is scaring me.
The Mannequin Masked Man
99% Off ($0.09) Amazon UOFOCO High Boots for Women Fashion Cosplay Black Vegan Leather Over Knee Gothic Lolita Bows Boots
The Night Shift
I watched myself die
I've been on the run with my father for two weeks. I've just found out why.
I'm going crazy
The Mannequin Masked Man
Don't see the Shadowman: Pt. 1
I work at a fire lookout tower and I’ve seen some crazy stuff (3)
I’m Farmer Ray, and today I had to try to save the clan from a little grey alien
Cryptid
Something just opened my window.
It's like Chicken Little said: The sky is falling.
There can only be one favourite
I'm a researcher on the ISS and i've just discovered something you need to hear.
Earth received a message from Proxima Centauri last year. It was made classified, but I cannot in good conscience keep it a secret.
This journal was discovered with the charred remains of 19 bodies. This is the account of Kevin Audrey's encounter with Private Shawn Mcgrassy. (Part 4)
My family visited this ancient barnhouse. We'll never go THERE again. (PART 1)
I just heard my window open.
I think I’m satan. I’m not insane.
The Devil let me live so I could spread the word.
Please Explain What I Found in My Uncle’s Apartment
A path, new shoes, a better me
You See A Lot of Strange Things When You Work As A Photo Developer
Shame on me.
There's a Haunted House in my Town... I Learned Too Much (Finale)
The real reason the Secret Service shot Kennedy
Weird Things Happen in my Town and I Don't Know Why
Just walking to work when this happened...
A home is never truly all that it seemsI'm a retired police officer. I have some stories to share with you.
The Ninth (Part 1)
The Earthlings S16 E2 - Car Crash - (Part 3)
Please Help, I'm seeing this in my dreams and idk what it means
Happy. Healthy.
I saw the Devil
Stories From My Time in a Cult pt. 2
I wish I knew what Fear felt like
3 to 5 Horror Stories needed for Live YouTube Stream. Will Pay $
The Haunted VR Headset TRIGGER WARNING!
It's to cold...
Consume
The Haunted VR Headset - Trigger Warning
I just remembered something creepy from my childhood
There’s no afterlife. But there’s a pre-life and I remember it.
The Shimmer in Reality
They told me my baby was special.
If you're reading this right now this may be the last post I ever make.
I’ve Been Flying for almost Thirty Hours and The Flight Attendants Won’t Stop Crying
This is my last resort
If you're reading this right now this may be the last post I ever make
Please Explain What I Found in My Uncle’s Apartment
Night Writher
Night Writher
New Neighbors p1
Next Door pt1
Night Wither
A masked boy took me to another world.
Please Forgive my Thoughts if They Intrude
I'm a Contestant in a Survival Game Show, and I Think the Host is Trying to Kill Us [Part Two]
The Black Sludge
The Neverglades Mysteries: "Body Count"
My WiFi is a portal to an alternate reality..
Bang.
Virus research is best conducted alone - especially when you're in outer space.
Space Beef
My cousin told me a story about the dangers of Tinder, it made me delete the app.
A boy.
The rules I wrote
Black
1. The 7th Floor
I've been a search and rescue diver for 12 years. We see a lot of strange and disgusting things, but what I saw last week has me questioning both my job and reality
help! unnerving incidents on my campus are making my overnight shifts overwhelmingly creepy
When I was younger I had sleep paralysis every day. One of worst experience, was a demonic human wolf, creeping into my bed, laying next to me and growling next to my ear. I couldn't move.
Weird Things Happen In Our Town and I Don't Know Why pt 1
Someone is after me. Or rather... "Something" is after me
I am being chased by "something"... (REAL)
Its Taco Tuesday Here at the Eden Retreat
My power haunts me amd i cant stop it either.
I brought Halloween to my country but something evil came along with it
Someone left behind their bag in our pub on a purpose.
I tried to post a story on nosleep and was then given a strange list of rules. Is this normal ?
Preserving family tradition
unexplained night at the club
I just became an RA, but the dorm I've been put in isn't what I was expecting
There is something at my window
Not all had light... including me.
I don’t know what this creature is, or what it wanted from me.
Account Made For My Friends Journal Writings About This Haunted Video.
I killed a rapist the other day.
Closure is important, But Not Worth The Risk.
Unknown
American Pie, Floor 7.5, and the Fetus of Despair (Part One)
American Pie, Floor 7.5, and the Fetus of Despair
American Pie, Floor 7.5, and the Fetus of Despair
My Wife Won't Leave Hobby Lobby
A ghost keeps leaving pictures by my bed.
A decade ago [Part 2]
NOT FOR PUBLIC VIEWING
Mr. Goop (Update)
Don’t call McDonald’s it you’ll get a creepy sound...
Part 2 of "I Think Something is Wrong..."
here because of the Jenna and Julien podcast
15 hours to Dubai
The Shortest and Scariest horror story ever. Real Current Events Canada
Never staying with my cousins again
Beware of Crying Children at Night
A decade ago [Part 2]
I’m developing musophobia
The Newest Discovery
The Veil Is Widening
I don't think my Grandfather was from here - PART 1
Someone keeps knocking on my apartment door. [Part 2]
14 Billion Eyes
Has anyone heard of the Left/Right Game? (Part 10)(Final)
Fatal Attraction
May the Circle Be (Un)Broken
Don't see the Shadowman.
One Year Ago
“Ever looked under the bed?”
My Family Was Blessed with an Angel... I Think It Was a Curse.
Well, My Neck Kinda Hurts
Why My Parents Never Celebrated Halloween
My entire day is a loop
A Little More About the Doctor: The Doctor's In (Part Four)
My 57 year old neighbor is terrifying pt. 2
They Come Out At Night
Someone keeps knocking on my apartment door. [Part 2]
4ring
4ringI've spent the past 6 months in a mental institution
I Escaped a Kidnapping
I Found Something Odd in my Great-Grandmother’s Attic
The Man Without The Face
My school traps students in a heavily fortified forest
Diary of a Monster [Part 1] 12th October 1972
I keep on spawning in police shootings, and it’s taking a toll on my mental health.
Someone was following us, we couldn't see who they were
I almost drowned when sleepwalking and need advice on stopping escape attempts in the future
I need advice about my roommate (it’s an update my dudes):
I received a text message from someone who said they could prove the paranormal is real
Diary of a Monster [Part 1] - 21st October 1972
Be Careful What You Ask For (Part 4)
Where did everybody go?
Over, under.
I met karma. And I’m terrified to meet her again.
I hate kids.
The First Night (Part 2)
Why you shouldn't explore hidden cave passages.
I need some help
The Thing With the Cows
The Stairs
The plastic bag man
Please don't forget, and please read this again, I know you already have but it's important.
I Had a Conversation With Lucifer. Now He’s Afraid of Me
Satanic Exhumation
I am the man you see in your dreams
Someone was following us, we couldn't see who they were
I Found a Village in Italy That still Worships a Roman Goddess, and Now I Wish I Didn't (Part 3)
Google Maps gave me some really disturbing directions
I need advice about my roommate (it’s an update my dudes):
The Phantom Cat of Black Mountain Australia
The Black Sludge
The Road Kill on Rabbits Run Road pt. 3
I’ve been trapped in an abandoned hospital for years, and I won’t get out anytime soon.
I need advice about my roommate (it’s an update my dudes):
I can feel the pressince of a spirt and when a person asked my about their brother I got a vison i cant forget.
Camping with family turns to Skin-Walker sighting.
Camping with family turns to a scary Skin-walker sighting
Yet another cautionary tale about Ouija boards (Pt2)
Of all the things I've seen, this one takes the cake...
I should never have joined the Tri-State Paranormal Society (Part 5)
The Road Kill on Rabbits Run Road pt. 3
Biologist here with an important message: If your missing pet shows back up, don’t touch it.
In The Water
All I wanted was to kill my father, but what I found in his cellar made me question everything I believe.
The VHS Tape
My 57 year old neighbor is terrifying pt.2
You've probably already read this, but for your sake, please read it again
Why is every story on here about a set of rules?
A Matter of Faith
I go places when I sleep
My 57 year old neighbor is terrifying pt.2
My 57 year old neighbor is terrifying pt. 2
I was in a terrifying situation at the clothes store.
I made a mistake and now I'm condemned to remember life after death
The man under the streetlight
I fight ancient beings and i have some stories to tell. [Part 3 of 3]
Dairy of a Rose 2
I'm Not Gang Gang. Please Don't Let Drake Find Out.
My Re-occurring Dream
The Blind Ape Beneath the Stairs
The Devil and Sister Faustina
Floor 17
I Was a Mountain Vigilante
My office is based in a Manhattan WeWork. I stayed late last night, and things got… strange.
Everyone in my family is assigned an hourglass when they are born. Pt.2
What Lived in the Woods
My whole life, I never had a "real" birthday. During my right of passage, I found out why.
Strange dreams
An Uninvited Guest
Mr Fritz - The Haunted Ventriloquist Doll of Stalag IIB
My ChristianMingle profile matched me with the Angel of Death
Cyclops
I'm a Contestant in a Survival Game Show, and I Think the Host is Trying to Kill Us [Part One]
The Black sludge
Don't Laugh at my Corpse
His Wife Died on a Monday. She Died Again on Tuesday.
The Announcements
I saw a weird ritual and now Im scared of a baby
The Blackout Man
There is a real life counterpart to the SCP Foundation, and there is a containment breach.
Infected, The beginning of the End. [Part 1]
I killed the Grim Reaper
Infected, Begging of the End. [Part 2]
I killed the Grim Reaper
I started working in overnight security and now I'm stuck.
My name is Scotty Blue and Billy Ray Cirus is a mass murder.
I started working in overnight security and now I'm stuck
I listened to Marcy Playground.
Mimic
Surveillance Camera Show Sport Coach Disarmed The Student
I'm a PI. Something Weird's Been Happening In My Hometown (Part 10)
My Furby
The First Day
Stephen King - Bag of bones - Full Audiobook
The Thing in My Shadow.
My products are in UK, check the prices below and place your order NOW - (Shelina Diazepam 10mg &amp; Ketamine liquid ONLY)
I accidentally threw up on my cat
I just graduated from medical school, and my new hospital has rules that seemed designed to kill people instead of saving themHelp! I'm trapped in a city of all women! ... There was a celebration, and a coup today.
The haunted music video
Gozu
My first year at university
In desperate need of help regarding Xyrem.
I went to a spoopy house. It was spoopy.
I don’t think I was wanted in that house..
I saw that thing and it saw me
So I got a reading and...
I feel for that couple.
A decade ago... [Part 1]
There's something haunting me
The Path to Becoming Self-Aware
Notations On The Lost Gospel of The Mother
Notations Of The Lost Gospel of The Mother (And the Misunderstanding of Jesus Christ)
I Heard A Voice Down There
Unfamiliar Roads
My Village
I Hate Attics
SUBWAY SON OF SIN
The Path to Becoming Self-Aware
Fuck you all
A cat has appeared in my apartment
Strange changes- discoveries
Why must you cry 2
The Mind Snare
Whatever you do, don't take the Lightspeed diet.
My body has been possessed by a serial killer. Stay the hell away from me!
I’ve Been Trapped In A Crumbling Hospital For Years
Why I Don't Take Treats From Ice Cream Trucks
Is this real life?
On a Foggy Afternoon
I followed my brother through an old family mirror
The Eyes
When I bought a japanese doll
The missing kids.
Someone keeps knocking on my apartment door.
My 57 year old neighbor is terrifying.
Wedding Ring
I moved into an old farm house and something is seriously wrong [Update]
Pills
I need help!! Desperately, I might be going insane!!!
I think I accidentally discovered a cause of multi personality disorder
I Found Waldo, Now He's Looking For Me
The Doorway
Confessions of a Serial Killer
Until Tomorrow Takes Us
I Got Something Stuck in My Eye and it Just Said Hello
Cutting Off My Finger
What my girlfriend told me the day we broke up
I broke the new rules at work and the consequences have proven terrible.
The Whistlers
Blue Tie
I goofed off at work and the consequences of breaking the rules have proven terrible.
The Planet of the Shadows
A New Patient: The Doctor's In (Part Three)
Disturbing Youtube Video
The essential rules of my new job have proved too much for me.
A New Patient (The Doctor's In Part 3)
I'm never driving at night again
Let him in!
I teach English to foreign students - I broke the rules and watched one of my students devour a classmate.
I teach English to foreign students - I broke the rules and watched one of my students devour a classmate.
Ive been in a time loop, For years.
My Late Narcissist Mother Keeps Taunting Us From The Other Side, Michael’s Part Of The Story.
My Late Narcissist Mother Keeps Taunting Us From The Other Side (My Fiancé’s Part Of The Story)
Im stuck in a time loop. Its hell.
I work in an antique shop, and strange things are happening here... (Part 9)
Something terrible came with the rain [Part 5]
I’ve Been at this Party for Way Too Long
Stories From My Time in a Cult pt. 2
I’m trapped in a thunderstorm, there’s a creepy figure in the window, and I can’t keep track of all 47 rules for staying in this house!
I drove to Hell, Michigan with my brother and it didn't turn out the way I thought it would...
My late grandfather watches me sleep every night.
I Found a Village in Italy That still Worships a Roman Goddess, and Now I Wish I Didn't (Part 2)
SHE. JUST. KEPT. PUSHING.
The unknowable dish
I'm and Exorcist, and I'm being hunted.
405 - 11pm
Sleep recorder.
I discovered a Color that the human mind can’t comprehend. I’m not sure the world is ready for it.
Stories From My Time in a Cult pt. 1
I encountered a family of werewolves
The IMAX Experience
The Staircase of Death is Near my Town
The Magician's Secret
Kabuki
A brief exercise in theoretical mathematics
I found an exit button in the middle of the road and now my life has become a nightmare
My Wife is Growing Out of Me.
My Wife is Growing Out of Me NSFW
Kabuki
To all Institute agents: Object is on the run.
To all Institute agents: Object on the run.
All My Hexes Live in Texas
My Wife Is Growing Out of Me (NSFW)
The night I lost my mind
The Figure in the Shadows
I Found a Box
Horrific true story of Marty BergenWhy Our Town Changed Its Name
I did time at a video store.
It watches me. It watches us.
The disappearence of u/thousand-fathoms
Halloween Decorations Make the Best Homes
I found this on a job site and don’t know what to make of it
Need some advice about my roommate:
Observer.
I started working in overnight security and now I'm locked in a room
✝question
If you see this doll, run.
The Beauty of Water
The Beauty of Water
I experience the days of the week in a different order. Something terrible will happen on Wednesday.
gEnErIc sp00kY aREa hAs ImPOrTanT rUlEs!!!
The Hole in Redfall Park - and whatever it was that came out of it.
The Hole in Redfall Park - and whatever it was that came out of it.
Short poems written during my last toxic relationship
Never dress your child up as a clown for Halloween.
The Kids are, Unfortunately, Alright.
Once in a lifetime opportunity
I'm not normal
Once in a lifetime opportunity
If you know the username Iam4you on Twitter please let me know, my twin sister is missing.
It pursued me through the woods
The Beginning Survival Guide
I just hit 500,000 YouTube subscribers, but I hate my fans with a passion.
The Hole in Redfall Park (&amp; whatever it was that came with it)
BURNING BROTHERHOOD(warning: long)
My subconscious is taking over, PLEASE HELP
Wolves of Heaven
As a kid, toys disappeared from my hands.
Blood Heritage (Part 2)
Blood Heritage (Part 2)
The Beginning of Maturity
My hometown has completely disappeared and no one is talking about it.
The haunted music video
Blood Heritage (Part 1)
In The Water
I Think I’m a “Goatman”
I Hung Hallowe'en Lights in my Apartment; Now Everywhere Else Looks Wrong
I Accidentally Pulled Back a Layer of Reality
I’m getting sick and tired of the Eden Retreat
I discovered a radio show for a town that doesn't exist.
There is man at the end of my bed
Black
Blood Heritage
Hsunted VR (Be Careful What You Buy Online)
I Think I’m a “Goatman”
The Three Rules You Must Follow If Your Child Is A Demon
My skin is coming off in sheets
August 2019 Winners!
I didnt think a rapture was possible
The candy is going to be sweeter this Halloween
The candy is going to be sweeter this Halloween
Yet another cautionary tale about Ouija boards (Pt1)
mind over matter [part 1]
There's something very wrong with this girl that sings down my local club
I can't stop thinking about my ex (part 3)
Where Snow Doesn't Fall
I am a Interdimensional time traveler here to save you
So I'm gonna start posting my sleep paralysis episodes... And this is the worst one to date
The Cemetery Incident
It’s Night Time, My Hallway Light is On and I Just Saw Someone Walk By
My family has been hungry for weeks, but we never asked for this.
The Stacks
Windows
Windows
I got a chain letter email mentioning "Mirror People" and of course I ignored it. I shouldn't have.
Further Experiences From A Police Officer in a Former Colonial Town
Anyone have any rituals they have ever done?
WHAT THE FUCK IS 1444 IN YOUTUBE?
feeder fish
Mr. Bozo
Mysterious Mittens
Everyone around me is coming down with the same mysterious disease.
There's a recipe for happiness
I discovered an old mine, and now I wish I hadn’t
A Group of Campers Went Missing in Alaska, I was Sent to Investigate
The Mill Bone
The Conspiracy of Quebec Whisky
The Cursed Soul Pt1
I had to stop at a hotel for the night. It was one of the worst decisions I've ever made. [ PART 1 ]
I live with a creature I call the Child.
There's some weird people living with me.
My Dreams Come True.
There's some weird people living with me.
In The Water
I don't think I'm ever going back to Kossie even though it's kind of the only snow in Australia
My Grandma's Obsession about Statues.
The Wizard
I don't think I'm ever going back to Kossie again, even though it's (sort of) the only snow in Australia
HAUNTED
Mystical Trash
I Found a Recording of Pure Evil
My auditory hallucinations may actually have a cause.
I wasn’t upset when grandmother took ill, I was excited
Seance with the President
The phone call I'll never forget.
He’s after meThe Only Story I Tell When Someone Asks For a Scary Story
My gay best friend has been acting very, very strange:
Listener Submitted Stories [Part Three]
My girlfriend turned out to be my stalker.
Why must you cry
The Neverborns
The yellow wallpaper -CPG
Every wondered who created those rules you adhere to.
The book
The Four Judges
I found this on a job site and don’t know what to make of it
Ever wondered who first wrote the rule lists.
My next door neighbor from where I grew up had a bad case of Resting Witch Face Syndrome
Scratch.
SCP-053 : The Young Girl : Euclid - Foundation Reading
I fear winter
Tủ quần áo nhựa mẫu tủ áo màu sắc tươi trẻ
I drew the short straw on my pizza delivery, what I saw will continue to haunt me.
I drew the short straw on my pizza delivery, what I saw will continue to haunt me.
I drew the short straw on my pizza delivery, what I saw will continue to haunt me.
Peeping Tom
Peeping Tom
I was sent to investigate an arctic research facility that went dark. What they couldn’t tell me almost killed me.
I used to work at a video store.
He doesn't Exist
I Found a Village in Italy That still Worships a Roman Goddess, and Now I Wish I Didn't
I just wanted a summer job, how has it come to this? (Part 1)
“Please answer. Reach out. Let me know you’re okay…” (Part 2)
My Mom died and I think she's trying to contact me
Melatonin
I think there's a vampire safe house in my neighbourhood
“Please answer. Reach out. Let me know you’re okay…” (Chapter Two)
Dog Adoption: Dogs Aren’t Allowed in my Hometown (pt.3) FINAL
Mom died and I think she's trying to contact me
Dog Adoption: Dogs Aren’t Allowed in my Hometown (pt.3 Final)
Exhuming Sarah
Peeping Tom
Only the Bad Ones
You don't have tinnitus
I found a haunted corn maze in the middle of the forest, I don't think I should've went in
"Our" haunted house.
Everyone in my family is assigned an hourglass when they are born.
Unmake Love [Unknown Author]
The Thing in the Basement.
I saw some things in my video store.
San Jacinto cries
The Hospital I Work At Has A Man Who Claims To Have Visited Hell
something is wrong with my walmart
Mimes are scarier than clowns
Sinclair Stories: Riverdale Road
My Parents Were Killed In Mitsuda, OR
What I Saw in the Static
My Favorite Streamer Has Started Playing Some Seriously Disturbing Games...
SHAME ON YOU (Part II)
I'm a corrections officer at a prison where nothing happens.
I worked in a video shop.
Blue veins
Don’t dog sit.
I work in a video store.
My mirror moves when I don’t
I think my sister invited the devil into our home (1)
I Work At Area 51. Theres strange things here, but this was weirder than normal.
I run an antique shop. I only give my clients three rules
No one believes what I saw last night....
Please read this and help me !
My void
Energy
Alone in a Merom Indian Forest
Only the Bad Ones
Alone in Merom Indiana
La dinamique des gens heureux
Infected, The beginning. [Part 1]
I decided to skip school one day...but now I regret it [Part 3]
I decided to skip school one day...but now I regret it [Part 3 FINALE]
Welcome to the Eden Retreat: Fraternization is Encouraged
Dog Adoption: Dogs Aren’t Allowed In My Home Town (Pt.3 Final)
I'm MK, the one who uses a dark web app to help people die
The yule-tide closes in.
Infected, Before The Apocalypse.
A night with the zombie deer
Girl in the woods
Why I Quit Home Security
Paralyzed
Together Again
My skin is coming off in sheets
Paralyzed
Someone was outside my window last night
Sleep Paralysis
A Saw A Scary Child Figure Yesterday.
I'm not going to Koscuiszko again, even though it's the only snow in Australia
Tales From Port-land
The Final Countdown
Grandma's Obsession about Weeping Angels.
I drew the short straw on my pizza delivery, what I saw will continue to haunt me.
I drew the short straw on my pizza delivery, what I saw will continue to haunt me.
Help! I'm trapped in a city of all women! ... There’s a new Queen in town.
I started working in overnight security and now I'm starting to see weird stuff
BEST, PARTY, EVER!...Except for the human eating demons... (part 1)
BEST, PARTY, EVER!... Except for the human eating demons. (Side A)
I work as a receptionist at a hospital. A very strange woman walked in one night. If she asks you this one question, always answer no.My boyfriend tried to kill me in my sleep. I never dated again....
I work as a receptionist at a hospital. A very strange woman walked in one night.
Claw Hands
My Personal Hell - Dani
Blue veins
It Started With The Sirens
The Lonely Road
The Alpha
The Ride
Spooky Unknown Numbers
The Scarecrow won't stop Staring at me
The Scarecrow Won't Stop Staring At Me
Sleep Paralysis
[Meta] generic spooky environment, rules, MUST follow
What happened that night
Who Are You?
Who Visits a Grave On Halloween?
Why I Will Never Go To Japan Again.
It was my rescue dog that ended up really rescuing me
The man outside my window
Something happened to me when I was a toddler
My Experience Hunting Cryptids part 2
My Imaginary Friend
The voice that came from the woods
This dream has been haunting me since I had it so I need to write it down.
We are hotboxing the entire world with global warming.
Strange changes- friend or foe?
Awesiaki: Chapter seven: Chase's Gospel - 1632
I Kept Noticing Extra Animals At The Pet Store I work At.
How my military career ended
I teach English to foreign students - I just followed the instructions to get to the school...this isn't possible.
I’m not alone update!
Our True Purpose: Annihilation
I do pest control and for monsters (part 2)
I’m stuck in a restaurant bathroom with no way out
The voice coming from the woods
I Need Help With My Cat, The Ghost
I reconnected with a childhood friend. She still lives in the same house.
I have attention deficit disorder and only one thing has helped me focus.
[Part 2] Where is it?
Kill the Basilisk
Anyone else
Wake me
I Met a Man at a Bar During The Early Hours of The Morning
Yourtopia
I hunt angels.
I'm on board Malaysian flight 370 and need help.
My Mom died
The Stairs
The creature from the cave in the woods; Now the creature lurking in my home
I'm tired
The Mist
Every morning I wake up to the sound of my mechanical keyboard
Comprehensive Video Review
Hi i recently joined but i have something going on. To start off i live in a rv at a rv park. There’s a lot of people near me but they’ve been acting odd ever sense in the middle of the night we all heard a scream of a woman when we all got out there was a dog but it looked strangely odd
My father's basement
My new town changes when the sun sets for 2 months (Pt 3)
My town changes when the sun sets for 2 months (End)
Why is EVERY story on nosleep is about RULES and FOLLOWING them.
someone broke into my house and now they won't let me leave
I bought a teddy bear at a garage sale... then I realized something
I can't stop thinking about my ex (part 2)
SHAME ON YOU - Part II
I know why 95% of the ocean remains unexplored
How to Disappear Mysteriously and Never be Found.
Bely Button Trouble
I'm a Police Officer in a Former Colonial Town
The coincidences are getting out of hand
The Time I Found Hair in My Old Apartment
The daily coincidences are piling up and its getting scary.
The Price of Perfection
Paranormal Experience I had in 2011
THIS IS A WARNING
My spooky new job from the deep web has some spooky rules. I’m afraid that I broke one of them.
I really hate mirrors
I found an old ruler in my grandpa’s attic. It came with a list of rules.
Evil Returns
Its 6:34...
My Terrible Skin Condition Nearly Ruined my Life
http://973-eht-namuh-973.com
I see world records being broken and new world records being achieved every single day
A man paid us to keep bodies in our home
Pumpkin The Cat
Creepy tv show I am watching,
My father’s basement
Something terrible came with the rain [Part 4]
The cat situation
An excerpt from "The Monster Under the Bed: Techniques &amp; Training Tools"
My father’s basement
2 kinda creepy and real stories.
I wake up to messages I wrote in my sleep.
Machine. My story and journal, so far.
Machine - My journal, The full story (So far)
Breaking News
Deadskin Diary
The bunker in the woods
Into the Trees Pt4: I Hear Her Voice
Ms. Know-It-All
A Huge Storm Swept Through My Town A Week Ago. It Never Stopped Raining. [Part 2]
The Thing Which Stalks Deer in the NightPrison is Fear
Never Existed
I'm Lawrence.
The mirror moves when I don’t.
Halloween Rescue 2018
'A Haunted Poem' by my 11 year old daughter CB.
The stairs in the woods
Oh no honey, it's all in your head.
He sings at night
La Feu Follet
Twice Carved: A Halloween Tale
The Creepiest Dream I Ever Haf
To Sleep And Wake No More
Stairs in the woods?
As Bizarre a Story as I've Heard.
I think there's something living in my sink
100 %True story that still keeps me awake..
A Quick Bite to Eat
I’m Farmer Ray, and today I had to figure out how the mauled bear ended up on the roof of my barn
My grandmother forces all her house guests to follow a strange set of rules.
Did I have a dream? Or was that Reality?
Don't Play with Oija Boards (Part One)
I’m a therapist – and three of my patients seem to be sharing some form of hallucination. Except, I'm not sure it's a delusion any more.
This still keeps me awake..
Breaking news
Military time meant something different to my employers
It lurks in the dark
House Of Mirrors
Something has been killing my father's cattle in the night
Roll up an A2 poster and put it up to your ears.
Where can I read "The Spire in the Woods" by Tony Lunedi?
My mother had Capgras Delusion. 40 years later, I found out that she was right.
The Hot Girl on Tinder said she wanted my heart, I didn't think she meant literally...
I Found Something Weird in a Small Town Near the Himalayas
Russian Wraith, or why you shouldn't stay late at the office.
It was my rescue dog that ended up really rescuing me
Door-to-Door PART 2/2
I grew up in a haunted house. Now I’m worried that the new occupants are in terrible danger.
Door to Door - PART 1/2
My Local Mom Group
Don’t look into mirrors at night.
When you see a dead person in your dreams
My brother was always my dad's favorite and now I know why
Door-to-Door
There is a gorilla in the 23rd Street subway station in the Flatiron District of Manhattan
I decided to skip school one day...but now I regret it [Part 2]
My nightmares are getting worse
Last Stop...
I opened my great grandfather's secret vault. I made a grave mistake.
"I've Never Seen Anyone So Frightened." (Part 1) Long Post
There's a fungal outbreak, and I have to get out of the city [pt. 2]
I Took My Guitar To A Crossroads, To Sell My Soul To The Devil...
"I've Never Seen Anyone So Frightened." (First Part) I've been handed some stories written by my recently deceased Nan - one of which is really worrying. Hoping NoSleep can help!
"I've Never Seen Anyone So Frightened." (First Post) // I sincerely need help with something, and I'm a little lost on where to turn. (Long post!)
Through the tunnel we go..
The Turbulence Ritual
"I've Never Seen Anyone So Frightened." (First Post!) // I sincerely need help with something, and I'm a little lost on where to turn. (Long post!)
I just graduated from medical school, and my list of rules led me down a bizarre hallway
A Strange Slumber
I'm a PI. Something Weird's Been Happening In My Hometown (Part 9)
BEWARE OF THE NEMPHIANS!
Phoenix
I decided to skip school one day...but now I regret it [Part 2]
My name is Indi Rhyder Pt. 3
The Sword in the Stone(((1)))
I decided to skip school one day...but now I regret it [Part 2]
I decided to skip school one day...but now I regret it [Part 2]
RedditNewbie
It’s 4AM and I feel unrelenting anxiety.
My awful experience with the deep web.
Think
I started working in overnight security and now I don't know what to do
It is ready. We are free. It is ready.
The Ride
I went on the deep web and now deeply regret it.
My Friend and I did something bad at the movies when we were teenagers. (Part 4)
The Coin Demon
My Friend and I did something bad at the movies when we were teenagers. (Part 2)
Don't take the 234 on a Tuesday Night
My Friend and I did something bad at the movies when we were teenagers. (1/3)
There is something in my backyard
My Friend and I did something bad at the movies when we were teenagers. (Part 1)
They came from up on high
They came from up on high
They came from up on high
What Lurks On Golden Mountain
Fifty years ago, my world was destroyed by a rabbit.
I started a Skype dating service for lonely men. (Part 1)
I took the opportunity to be "reborn." It was terrifying.
You Don't Say
This post shouldn’t be allowed.
Darling
Me, My Friends, And Someone [Or SOMETHING] Else
You Don't Say
There is something outside.
Tick-Tock, Mer-id-eth
Don't Laugh at my Corpse
[Part 1] Where is my order?
Tick-Tock, Mer-id-eth
Tick, Tock, MeridethFirst Time Poster! SHAME ON YOU. Part I.
He's Following Me
SCP-696/The Reflection Demon
Mixing 170 : The Random Society Drum &amp; Bass Mix (LONG VERSION)
Mother Knows Best
My Grandma Said Something Strange
They keep taking me to the doctor's appointment, no matter the cost... Part 1
I found it on my porch.
Welcome Home! Please Read This First!
I was alone in my house and my living room had a red light
The monsyers from my backyard might end the world
Taphophobia
I am the most BEAUTIFUL
i took a pill to cheat on a test but the test never ends
The Cave
My friend's skinwalker story
Primary Source Report of the Missing Guide Ship Hamlet, Southern Australia.
Party Poopers
My Mom Never Told Me She was in Ballet, Here's Why
A weird dream I had in my old house almost every night.
Something came from the hole in my backyard
The Sound From Downstairs
October Wind
The sound from downstairs...
God's Own Personal Hell
My Parents Aren't Right
I can't stop thinking about my ex.
Exhuming Sarah
I got in an elevator and it keeps going down
Tales of a Ride Sharing Driver
Strange changes- explanations
I was taken into a forest and shown something very disturbing. It changed my life forever.
When I see the pale faceless dancer, someone I know is about to die
Why I Quit Being a Hitman, Epilogue
Mother and I
I picked myself up for a ride.
SICKBOY
Small Town Tales Part Three
Don’t look in mirrors as night.
I witnessed an accident
Are You There God? It's Me, Monsignor Byles.
Am I right in wanting to put my son up for adoption?
Small Town Tales Part Three
I didn't say goodbye... - Part 1
Small Town Tales Part Three
Why Did You Have To See Me?
I can't wake up, well I can't sleep! Something is downstair! Definitely something!
I started a Skype dating service for lonely men. (Part 1)
Autumn Air
AITA for wanting to put my son up for adoption?
Kritovulos Kimdir ? Hakkında Bilgi
I started a Skype dating service for lonely men. (Part 1)
Call of Cthulhu; Elsa Von Werner [Character Backstory]
My Great Great Grandfather Performed Over 20 exorcisms. I Found His Journal.
I can't wake up, therefore I can't sleep. Something is downstair!
Who am I?
A Warning
She Wasn’t Optimistic
Working at sea is never ‘normal’ – but the past few voyages were downright strange
My void
My Job is a Lot Different Than What You Might Think
The Old Gods of the Forest (Finale)
Something came out of that damned hole under the fence by the strip mall.
If you want to catch a predator, you have to behave like prey.
Have you got the drive?
Bump in the Night
My ‘dad’ sent a voicemail?
The other patient in my room keeps talking in his sleep. He whispers about a “Church Beneath the Roots”
I moved into an old farmhouse and something is serious wrong (update 1)
Gift Wrap
Smiley’s, The Place Where Dreams Come True
I found out the horrifying truth of why sleep exists.
I Started a New Business, but I Think it's Gone Too Far
Someone taps on my window everynight at the same time
I think a nightmare I had damned me to hell
No Sleep Family Ghosts
The ignored warning
In Light,
Miss Mittens
They said the Night of the Blood God was a myth, they were wrong...
A good boy.
I’m About To Exhume A Dead Girl
I WEAR A MASK
BEWARE OF THE NEMPHIANS IN OLYMPIC NATIONAL PARK!! (Part 1)
Something in the way she moves.
I WEAR A MASK
Dance Like There's No Tomorrow
I'm standing watch over a man's dead daughter - the final night
Possessed Wolverine and Cyclops Toys
Kidnapped by my sister's psycho ex
Madness: The Fall
SCP-696/The Reflection Demon
My Best Friend Took Me To My First Strip Club Last Night. I'm The Only One Who Got Out Alive.
The Regret Game
The Inescapable Store - Aisle 2
I Woke Up Crying
I decided to skip school one day...but now I regret it [Part 1]
I decied to skip school one day...but now I regret it.
I decided to skip school on day...but now I regret it [Part 1]
HE comes once a year (Part 3)My Creations [Part 1]
Wagner's Hill
I just graduated from medical school, and my new hospital has some very strange rules
A year in 30 minutes
I finally found out what the tooth fairy has been doing with all my missing teeth.
Frijj Vs Yazoo
I have Been Living Two Lives
I was on the first ship going to colonize Mars, now there's an Alien on board
Help! I'm trapped in a city of all women! ...My Goddess is protecting me, and no one else
Hello my name is officer Richard Jackson and this is my story.
The Women in White
The mathematics of the insane
The Stairs
Recurring nightmare, I don’t know what it means.
My Memoir: I'm a Serial Killer
Have you got the drive?
I'm A Monster: Part One
Alien spaceships are real!
I decided to skip school one day...but now I regret it [Part 1]
They tell me I'm a school shooter, I'm innocent
My TV shows me the demons in my room...
Why do a bunch of stories include a list of things
Kansas City
I didn't order anything from Amazon...but something came to me.
I teach English lessons to foreign students and i've been given a list of their student requirements. They terrify me.
A siren head almost made me and my moms freind plus their late night dinner and a late night desert...
Never split up in a cave.
Clouds
Be Careful What You Ask For (Part 3)
My roommate Zina.
My Dreams Are Hurting Me
GUYS, HELP!!!
Legend of Rabbit Face part 2
SCP-696/The Reflection Demon
Why people dying of hypothermia seek enclosed spaces
I Thought Survival Lists were Bullshit Until I Found the Janitor’s Closet (Part 2)
My roommate Zina
The Family Campout A GO TO SLEEP STORY
My mother always told me to buy a house with a window over the sink.
I Survived a School Shooting. The Shooter Wasn't Human.
The Family Campout (A GO TO SLEEP STORY)
My sister was dying. I told myself I'd do anything to save her.
I've discovered the entrance to the Underworld. What I saw there changed me forever.
They’re Real
Pit if Possibilty
They’re Real
Can somebody recommend any old Creepypastas that you found seriously messed up? Im bored lol
Need help finding a story.
They’re Real
My house is infested by ants, and nothing can keep them out.
My Dad Walked in on a Robbery
BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY
I have telekinesis. Help me.
Have you ever heard of the man in the lake?
Christmas Saved My Life
They say the snuff film industry doesn't exist. It does. [Part 1]
The Road
NoSleep podcast season 8 ep6
Something terrible came with the rain [Part 3]
My favourite girl band is sending me secret messages (part 1)
I Met My Best Friend Under Odd Circumstances
Is this a meeting for insomniacs anonymous?
My favourite girl band is sending me secret message. (Part 1)
Going darn't pit changes people.. and dogs.
My roommate keeps waking me up with his anime watching.
My roommate keeps waking up with his anime watching.
I received an old relic of an item, I think it is from your era.
Why people dying of hypothermia seek enclosed spaces
My dumb roommate keeps waking me up with his anime shit!
There is no hope, you can't turn back.
READ IF YOU DRIVE FOR LYFT OR UBER!!! PLEASE!
Sudden obbsession.
When I was a kid my father ran into the forest with a crazed expression on his face. He was never seen again.
Grave Digger
Curious Kittens
You really can let yourself go in china
I've been getting threatening phone calls from a telemarketing company, and they want me to join them.
Something Is Turning On The Lights In My House
Small Town Tales Part Two
The dreams came back
Knowledge from the Source
I moved into an old farm house and something is seriously wrong
My Great Great Grandfather Performed Over 20 exorcisms. I Found His Journal.
My sugar daddy asks me for weird favors
Automatonophobia
Knowledge from the Source
The Last Time We Ever Played Ding Dong Ditch
A Giant Spider That Resembles Jack Skellington Lives Inside Of My Left Shoe. I Just Never Knew It Until Yesterday.
I only have a short time.
Tiny Gods
I Found The Truth About The Government
Damon Vile
Joseph Never Smiled
The problem with my new apartment
Eating book
Joseph Never Smiled
He Couldn't Resist
Looking through a window
I am Possessed
My cousin told me to download Tinder but he also warned me of its dangers.There was a fierce storm outside, and then the Emergency Alert System came on.
I’m a voice actor, and was hired to read several Emergency Broadcasts. I don’t think they were fake.
BUT HE CAN'T BE BOTH - PART 1
My friend and I experienced something very disturbing by the train tracks. We will never be the same.
There's A Reason Why Greek Fire Was Lost To Time
In the 1970’s the observatory in my town was abruptly closed by the FBI
PROJECT ZORGO IS SCARY I CANT SLEEP
I met my killer through an app I found on the dark web. TRIGGER WARNING
I can't fight it anymore
They wear human skin and dance outside of the Killington Woods.
I have seen some weird stuff working for UPS, but this is the icing on the cake
Shooting Review Board Report – 08/17/2019
Got Your Nose!
Unconditional Surrender
My cousin is Cinderella in Disney Land
The Croocked forest
Simple life
Unconditional Surrender (Part 1)
Monsters beneath the surface
The plague doctors were not there to cure the plague.
KINDA SCARY STORIE
I'm standing watch over a man's dead daughter - the second night
The dead lady in the abandoned house
I'm a PI. Something Weird's Been Happening In My Hometown (Part 8)
Bird Watching
How do you know if you got a ghost in your home
HST: 10:00 AM / WIB: 3:00 AM
Halloween I'm With…
HE comes once a year (Part 2)
I woke up in a house I don't recognize, and I think they're experimenting on me. [Part One]
Karma is real, and it isn't what you think it is.
HE comes once a year(2nd year)
There was an accident on 287 today, I'm afraid of what the crazy bastard responsible unleashed
Minis (Final)
Bird Watching part .
I took the night bus and it dropped me off somewhere truly terrifying.
True story that kept me awake for a reaaally long time.
I took a bus at night and it dropped me off somewhere truly terrifying.
My Reflection Hasn’t Changed Since I Was 21 Years Old
I saw a ghost in the graveyard
I just returned from the most disturbing place I've ever visited. I want to tell you about it.
Those we kill, stay with us
First narration. 0 experience. Eager to learn
My hatred for my family drove me to a very, very dark place. I want to tell you about it.
Something lives in our air vents. It wants my son. -- Part 2
I just started working the night shift at my university library. I found an envelope with rules that weren't in the employment manual. [Part 4]
Something is distrubingly wrong here...
Those who we kill stay with us
Death is nearby, stalking me, and I'm trying to avoid it
I’m not alone
How to become invisible
Dagger
People in My Community Are Going Missing [Part 2]
Strange changes- explainations
something is controlling me and i need someone’s help
something is destroying me and i need help
I’m in some desperate need of help
I’m in need of some help
The Abandoned House In My Neighborhood Turned Out To Be Haunted
After My Mother Died I Kept Seeing Her Face In The Mirror Instead Of Mine (Update)
a ritual
NoSleep Story
I do pest control for monsters
Crazy stalker girl stalks me and threaded me also triggers my PTSD
I do pest control for monsters
A word of advice: Going exploring with your friends is a bad idea [Part 1]
I suppose obesity can save the world now?
My new town changes when the sun sets for 2 months (Pt 2)
Someone’s in My Attic
Please Forgive Us
Have you ever heard of Up Syndrome?
The Woods Behind My House [PART 1]
Please Forgive Us
Catacombs [Part 1]
College is Scary
Boo
Weird drawing on my neighbors fence
A Dead Woman Followed Me Home
I had been sick for weeks, filled with many sleepless nights.
Lighthouse in the Woods
My mother's cult won't leave me alone.
Victoriana's Letter
The monster of the North.
I Went to Heaven. [Prologue]
Jenny is hungry
The house in the woods Part 1
The Ghosts of my Past
I am Possessed
99% Off ($0.01) Amazon Lelili Women Colorful Cute Animal Zipper Mini Handbags Crossbody Bags Shoulder Bags Clutch Bag
Dear Reddit, I need help making sense of my sleep paralysis [Part 1]
99% Off ($0.01) Amazon Qvwanle Women's Ring Fashion Cute Strawberry Crystal Cat Opening Adjustable Women's Ring Jewelry for Gifts
I am Possessed
I run a cursed images website, the recent submissions are scaring me
The other me
I am Possessed
The White Kitten
I am Possessed
Don’t ever follow the No-Front Man across the bridge
I'm obsessed with the Foo Fighters, so when I saw Dave Grohl in line for a slice of Pizza last week, I knew it was the opportunity of a lifetime.
There is someone in the atticI am Possessed
Reincarnation Is Real
He always said they were watching
I Loved Fall
My stalker is missing and I'm starting to worry
HE comes once a year (2nd year)
PSA: Carve Jack O’ Lanterns for your protection this Halloween
My brother thought the woods were watching him
I'm thinking of writing a short form story for spooky season.
Baths
I found a baby in the lost and found at the library and now I don’t know what to do
Blue lagoon
I died over a year ago. I just woke up (Part 3)
I found a hole in the woods.
The Bridge we Built
My Dog Brought Strange Bones From the Woods
Cherubs
Cordycipitaceae
A Matter of Time
HORROR YOUTUBE CHANNEL FOR SALE!
Into The Void
Horror Stories YOUTUBE CHANNEL for Sale!
Something Visited Me One Afternoon
Don't Look Out The Window
Horror Stories YOUTUBE CHANNEL for SALE!
A Ghost Approached Me
SCP-696/The Reflection Demon
I make deliveries for the government.
I Don't Want To Be You Anymore
Why Part of New York’s Appalachian Trail Route was Changed
Here's a transcript I found: Rocket Alpha One
Ghost Stories Make Us Feel Shit
The Neverglades Mysteries: "In the Beginning"
99% Off ($0.01) Amazon Womens Loose Button Blouse, Casual Short Long Sleeve Floral Printed Tunic Top T-shirt S-
The Area 51 Kid
We Hated The Millers
My wishes come true after all
We Hated The Millers
Something terrible came with the rain [Part 2]
Into the woods
I'm standing watch over a man's dead daughter - the first night
/r/relationships - (NSFW) I have a kink that my husband loves to satisfy but I don't think I like it anymore.
The Old Gods Of The Forest (Part 2)
I Think Something Tried to Break Into my House
The Inescapable Store
I don't sleep in the same room with dogs anymore.
Help! I'm trapped in a city of all women! ...and I’ve found a new religion
My apartment would be the perfect place to live if it weren't for the noise problem
Outbreak V1.1.0
The Thing
Can anyone help me find this story, preferably on the podcast...
it ran from the garage
Dear Satan, it’s me, Alice.
The door squeaked
I've been dead a while now, AMA.
it ran from the garage
The White Cassette
Brother Peter
My Paranormal Stories- Part Two
Brother Peter
Weird occurrences in Texas
Serial Killer's Diary
Staircase in the Woods
HE comes once a year
HE Comes Once A Year
It Comes Once A Year
The Doctor's In Journal Entry 2
Grandpa
Never forget why you shouldn't open the door
The Scissor Twins
I Think Somebody Tried to Break Into my House
The Little Girl
Nighty Night
Racer 76
My Father, The Immortal
Our Last Halloween Prank
A Gift from Angels
The Demon That Follows Me
Be Careful What You Ask For (Part 2)
How I almost died working with my step dad
I Interviewed A Terrifying Cannibal For The Evening News. I Really Wish I Hadn't.
I never should have gone in my friends basement (pt. 2)
Cherubs
Sleep
Third EYE and hex:spell cast same thing??
A different kind of drug.
Running down the corridor
Riverdale Road - Colorado
It’s 2 a.m. and I can hear strange, animal-like squeals outside approaching my flat.
The Birth of Strobe
Walkin' After Midnight
I work in an antique shop, and strange things are happening here... (Part 8)
The Birth of Strobe
The Birth of Strobe
Genetically-created life is possible, but they abandoned it after their first success.
What's in the dark 1
THE REBELLION [PART 1]
Be Careful What You Ask For (Part 2)
Monday 2012 | The Rebellion | PART 1
Be Careful What You Ask For (Part 2)My first Lucid Nightmare
A Night Alone
Be Careful What You Ask For (Part 2)
Be Careful What You Ask For (Part 2)
The love of my life
The Alien Abomination
I had my first dissatisfied client as a supernatural investigator
I’m stuck in a school with [redacted]
Small Town Tales
I Became What I Wanted
There’s a sharp pain in my back
Small Town Tales
Name for the Same
Im stuck in a school with [REDACTED]
Superstitious Tradesman?
log 01. im not crazy TY9932.oaw
Souvenirs
Home
I Was Supposed To Be A Vessel
I think my boyfriend might be seeing someone behind my back
Deadly Ding Dong Ditch
I Was Supposed To Be A Vessel
I Interviewed The World's Most Terrifying Cannibal The Night Before His Execution. I Really Wish I Hadn't.
If you get a text from this number never respond to it!
Why I Quit Being A Hitman
Basic Guideline's for Natalia's New S.O
My Friend took a trip to the store. The thing that returned isn't him.
İnsanlardan uzak Sentineller Kabilesi
My friend was raised to know the exact date and time of her death
We raided Area 51 the night before everyone else and we are still stuck here, and I don't think we'll ever find our way out. Part 1
BEEp
99% Off ($0.01) Amazon Lingerie for Women Sexy Women Lingerie,New Sexy Plus Size Lingerie Bodysuit Sleepwear Bodydoll Underwear by Wokasun.JJ
New Kitten — Advice needed!
How do I get my brother to stay dead?
I work at a fire lookout tower and I’ve seen some crazy stuff (2)
Tonight Drake presents Gretzky - 415
Mom was strange, but now I suspect I didn’t know how much
99% Off ($0.01) Amazon Acefeel White Gold Plated Pave Crystal Heart Charm Ring Rose Gold Plated Valentine's Day Gift
My Unwilling Contribution to Science
Unfortunately, I remember the true meaning of life
YOUR LIFE WILL NEVER BE THE SAME AGAIN / FOREWARD EXTREMIS
Help me find this story
I Used To Work For The Soviet Space Agency. I Have A Horrifying Story To Tell...
I’m new here, so let me tell you all a story that I made out of a day dream that I had...
99% Off ($28.99) Amazon XIANV Womens Snow Boots Winter Anti-Slip Waterproof Ankle Warm Fur Lined House Shoes
My wife has this unfamiliar girl over at her house.
If you walk close enough to the train tracks, you will hear something very disturbing.
It was never my dream to be a teen "idol"
I ordered a Halloween mask online. Now someone is stalking me--wearing the same mask.
99% Off ($0.01) Amazon GridNN 2019 Baby Infant Kids Girl Boys Soft Sole Crib Toddler Newborn Sandals Shoes
The Last Time We Played Ding Dong Ditch
99% Off ($0.01) Amazon Shumao Fashion Sandals for Women, 2019 Women Belt Buckle High Heel Fish Mouth Sandals Casual Wedges Shoes
Cigarettes
I woke up to utter void, and a dirt road.
I am a small-town priest. This is how I lost my faith.
The Chandelier Man
Never buy or sell things off Craigslist
The Hotel I'm Staying in has Provided a Specific List of Rules (Part 3)
99% Off ($0.01) Amazon ❤️Futurelove❤️ Women's Beach Summer Flat Sandals T-Strap Beaded Dress Thong Flip Flops Comfortable Slip On Casual
The Cursed Video Tape
The Legend of Rabbit Face
I set out to see everything. Now I can't UNSEE it.
Strange behaviour in animals
Don't Look Away
The Despair of Hyperthymesia
I worked as a journalist one summer. I investigated a town that was strangely devoted to a volcano.
The Doll (Part 2)
A really bizarre gift
The Doll (END)
it ran from the garage
Something killed all the plants inside the Brighter Futures Community Clinic
Heirloom
do i have agoraphobia?
Whats in the dark 1
If you walk close enough to the train tracks, you will hear something truly disturbing.
SOMETHING COMES INTO MY ROOM EVERY NIGHT
Whatever you do, stay away from the railroad tracks. Especially the one named Crimson Track.
I've been killing monsters since 1985.
The Dolls of the Black Road: A Halloween Tale
A nightmare maybe
Something lives in our air vents. It wants my son. -- Part 2
Cryptic Coded Letter Keeps Finding Me
Something lives in our air vents. It wants my son. -- Part 1
Remnants of The Past and The Problems That Come With Them: Entry One Revised
Cryptic Coded Paper Keeps Stalking Me
I went urbexing in Leakin Park
This piece of paper is ruining my life
I never should’ve gone in my friends basement
I'm going back to delivering pizzas
Forgotten
Remnants of The Past and The Problems That Come With Them: Entry One
Trapped
Forgotten
I Explored an Abandon House and I Didn't Like What I Found [Pt1]
I Explored an Abandon House and I Didn't Like What I Found (Pt1)
I just remembered something creepy from my childhood
Something not quite right.
I Explored an Abandon House and Didn't Like What I Found. (Pt, 1)
I Explored an Abandon House and Didn't Like What I Found. (Pt. 1)
The animals in my town keep staring up at the night sky.Almost 3 months and girlfriend isn’t having sex with you.. what are you thinking at this moment and what do you do?
I Explored an Abandon House and Didn't Like What I Found. (Pt. 1)
I Explored an Abandon House and Didn't Like What I Found. (Pt. 1)
The Doctor's In Journal Entry #1
The Smile
The Icecream Van
Hey, I’ve Hypnotized the Drum Major and Now the Band is Disappearing.
Brown aura.
Be Careful What You Ask For (Part 1)
My experience with a stranger
The Basement Dweller
Strange changes- new beginnings
Wrapped in Ribbon
My Crawlspace is a Portal to Another Dimension
I Keep Having Dreams Of A Carnival.
Satan 2.0
The Chronicler
Grew up in a 110 year old house. These are some of my unfortunate memories. Part 2
I Went Camping Recently, But the Sound of Something Dying Kept Me Up.
i saw someone else’s life flash before my eyes?
A folk-legend from Brazil, told by my grandmother.
I Went Camping Recently, But the Sound of Something Dying Kept Me Up.
99% Off ($0.01) Amazon Water Shoes Women Sandals Shower Swim Pool Beach River Shoes Comfort Sandals &amp; Beach Shoes Hollow Out Pure Color Flat
The monster at 3
The Hotel I'm Staying in has Provided a Specific List of Rules (Part 3-Final)
Nails
I Went Camping Recently, But Sounds of an Animal Dying Kept Me Up
The monster at 3
I went camping recently, but couldn't sleep because of a certain noise.
strands of black
I Guess We Can Play Fair? Part 1
The monster at 3.
I went camping recently, but a noise keep me up.
Strange Fare
Into the Trees Pt3: Just Follow Your Eyes
I went camping with my friends's recently, but I couldn't sleep because of a noise.
Halloween is Illegal in My Hometown, We Have a Very Different Tradition Instead
99% Off ($0.01) Amazon Dress Sandals for Women Low Heel 2019 New Summer Open Toe Slip-On Rhinestone Jeweled Dress Sandals
My new town changes when the sun sets for 2 months (Pt 1)
My Girlfriend Was Watching Me...
Cannibalistic Vegan
99% Off ($0.01) Amazon Midress Fashion Women Summer Round Toe Pumps Single Shoes Casual Flat Work Shoes Closed Pointed Toe Ballet Flats Shoes
My Girlfriend and I are Having Problems Because She Saved My Life
The Monster
Portal-potties
The haunted game
Them.
Trunk-Or-Treat
The Old Gods Of The Forest (Part 1)
99% Off ($0.01) Amazon Midress Women Flat Oxford Casual Classic Shoes Pointed Toe Butterfly-Knot Walking Classic Flats Shoes Low Block Heel Slip On Shoes
Don't go camping along the Mississippi river in Missouri.
Toy Story The Lost Tape
Just Four and a Half Minutes at an Intersection
Watch out for Drop Bears in the Australian Outback
The Most Important Meal
99% Off ($0.09) Amazon UOFOCO Ankle Boots for Women Ladies Plus Size Hollow Boots Casual Belt Buckle High-Heeled Shoes
A lil story my best friend told me (crosspost, also to find in r/Creepystories)
99% Off ($0.09) Amazon UOFOCO Boots for Women Fashion Leisure Solid Lace-Up Pointed Toe Shoes Med Heels Short Boots
I learned in the most ghastly way imaginable why the customer is always right
Real Life Annabelle incident
I'm alone in an empty train station
The Wolves Have Returned
Heaven's Evacuation
My 13th birthday party changed our house
I opened my eyes to utter void, and a dirt road.
Waylend Self Storage: Strange Happenings Log Part 5
The truth about the Scratchy Bottom Caves
I work for my therapist
Heaven's Evacuation
What Do You Believe In?
99% Off ($0.01) Amazon Shumao Women Sandals, 2019 Women Outdoor Round Toe Platform High Heels Wedges Buckle Slope Shoes
99% Off ($0.01) Amazon Shumao Women Sandals, 2019 Women Outdoor Round Toe Platform High Heels Wedges Buckle Slope Shoes
Alone in a dark room with seven mirrors and seven candles. (Part 3)
My grandmother managed to visit the future during the World War II
My Sister Hasn't Been Herself Lately, and Now She's Missing
The Road Kill on Rabbits Run Road pt. 2
Octover - A Halloween Short Story
I should never have joined the Tri-State Paranormal Society (Part 4)
I think my friend and I just almost got sex trafficked at Austin City Limits
My Favorite Pumpkin Patch was Closed Because of Its Disturbing Secret [PART 1/2]
His name is Zane Jenkins.
Nameanagram Tales: The terror of Anna Aveddeva.
A Letter To You
I was trying to sleep and I felt observed
Nameanagram Tales: The terror of Anna Aveddeva.
A Nail For A Nail
Don't pick up girls at your Aunt's funeral...
Nameanagram Tales: The tormenting of Anna Aveddeva.
My Wife Wanted a Stray Cat
All The Wild Witches
Skinhorse
A Knock on your Door
The Chronicler
I keep seeing these distorted images and
I’m preparing to hunt down The Cult for the Safety of Earth’s Men. (PART 2)
The Smile.
The Countdown Watch
Don't follow the lights
My roommate is serving a life sentence for a felony she committed while sleepwalking.
99% Off ($0.01) Amazon Midress Womens Flat Sandals Slides Fashion Casual Open Toe Beach Shoes Outdoor Slippers Slip On Shoes for SummerWe couldn't keep the baby
Something terrible came with the rain
My new family (part 1)
99% Off ($0.01) Amazon Limsea ❤ Women Ladies Fashion Gingham Pointed Toe Loafers Casual Singles Canvas Shoes
Angel On The Sideline Puzzled and Amused
The Doll (Part 2)
How to get help when you ask for it and don't get it
99% Off ($0.01) Amazon Women's Flat Sandals, Women Ladies Slip On Flat Shoes Sandals Casual Colorful Shoes Size by Limsea
Rumors
The person in my home
The Sleepover that changed everything
In Hell, Bridget Leary Rots
Help! I’m trapped in a city of all women! ... I met a Goddess
THIS IS A CLICKBAIT. DO NOT READ.
I refuse to sleep in my grandmother's house
It started when I killed my wife.
the file
The haunting of a nowhere house
He always comes at 3AM for one minute.
I'm a guard stationed at a 'secret' government prison. (Part 9).
Seven Men
HELP PLEASE!
The Imposter
The Doll (Part 1)
Cerber: A Mundane Chronicle [PART 8]
There's something in the mirror.
My best friend had rules for body switching. Then he saw a flyer for Arthur's Voodoo Magic Shop.
On average, each resident of the Vatican drinks 74 liters of wine per year. I found out why.
Don’t Whistle at The Northern Lights
I don’t think the sounds outside my house belong to an animal
People in My Community Are Going Missing [Part 1]
We no longer celebrate Halloween..
I'm not human, nor is this my world.
I don't think I'm human, am I in the right world? 1/2
The music box
The Man in the Nightmare
The Things I Don't Remember
Swan Song
The Things I Don't Remember
I thought my fiance was cheating on me. But the truth might be even worse. [Part 3]
Hunting Season Is Strange In The South
I work nightshift at a news hotline, today I got a weird call.
the best books in 2019
Laithcamcoia Woods
Making Friends Is So Hard
I don’t think the sounds outside my house belong to an animal
My Dead Girlfriend Ellen Is Pregnant. Does Anyone Know How Having An Undead Baby Works?
Listener Submitted Stories [Part Two]
I can feel my dreams... that’s not a good thing when Halloween rolls around because I feel the nightmares too.
An inscrutable goddess I made up in a D&amp;D session is after me for real
I think my house is haunted
I was Thirteen and stupid enough to use a Ouija board
I saw something really weird today...
Afterparty
I saw something really weird today...
Haunted people of reddit what is the scariest thing to happen to you before falling asleep.
New here
I was a Toybox Victim
Sequoia
Waking up covered in blood.
I Bought a Wife Online (Pt.1)
I Think I Accidentally Joined A Cult
Memoires of a Controlled Domme
Super Mario- 666
The Buffalo Lady
I went on a trip to Troller's Gill UK.. I didn't find what i expected....
I Slept With my Window Open Last Night and I saw Something Truly Horrifying.
Do Not Enter
I served in special operations units for 13 years, I’ll tell you about the worst night.
Flashlight left behind
My friend and I found a portal to a world where Homo sapiens never evolved. We saw what the world became without us. It shocked us. PART 2/2
I broke the forest rules..
My Grandparents Live in a Very, Very Strange Town
The itch
I Broke the forest rules..
Why I don't walk home after dark
He's coming back tomorrow night...
I met my boyfriend’s parents for the first time. Their dinner ritual left me horrified.
Beware the Instructing Manual
My strange encounter with my ex.
I got trapped in an escalator.
My strange encounter with my ex. (Re-upload)
I got trapped in an escalator (Gore Warning)
Chet is a real piece of shit.
There’s something in the corn maze with me, Part 1
For years, a man came into my room and watched me sleep
Strange encounter with my ex.
The Last Time I’ll Ever Babysit
The Anonymous Violinist
The Night Walk.
Donor of my cornea transplant might not have been human
The Noah's Ark Occult Member's Diary Entries- Final Report
Everyday.
I'm getting no sleep because of a tapping. It just keeps getting louder and louder
I'm Preparing to hunt down a Cult for the Safety of Earth's Men. (PART 2)
Silent night
I’m Michael Jackson, and I’ve been roaming the Earth as a ghost for over 10 years. (PART 1)
I frequent an abandoned graveyard often- today I found a statue that hadn’t been there before.
Swim Lessons
I Got A Pint Of Congealed Blood In My Fridge.An interesting title.
I saw and heard things at the Grand Opening of BFSH’s newest branch office, and none of them were good
The Dirt Beneath My Fingernails
I found a mermaid in the swamp, and it ruined my life
The Marble Angel
When I visited my hometown in India
The Temple’s Watchman
An interesting title.
Two real life horror stories.
IV Ever
Real life horror stories.
The Girl
Does anyone have the link to a story about a family that was immortal to the point where when they died they would always come back to life in the morning? But something eventually starts killing them off.
My Friend Gave Me Wrong Directions. It Had Terrifying Consequences.
I went on a meditation retreat in Colorado, but now I would rather die than reach enlightenment.
Attempting a Cheat Code for Life
The True Horror Movie Experience. Final Part.
THE TOWN ON THE PENINSULA
Are you ready for your new religion?
Man invents sleep
Man invents sleep
NSA Spy Satellite Receives Chilling Transmission From Europa. Decrypted Just Now, it is titled "THE HUMANE SOLUTION"...
It happens in threes.
Something horrifying came out of my bottle (Part 1)
Something terrifying happened at the movies tonight
Ive been having a reoccurring nightmare
Grew up in a 110 year old house. These are some of my unfortunate memories.
I went on a trip to Troller's Gill, UK.. I didn't find what i expected....
I took a trip to Troller's Gill in the UK.. I didn't find what i presumed i would....
The Scholarship
I'm getting no sleep because of a tapping. It just keeps getting louder and louder
I'm getting no sleep because of a tapping. It just keeps getting louder and louder
Lock Down at my Middle School
Something weird happened
I'm getting no sleep because of a tapping. It just keeps getting louder and louder
I'm getting no sleep because of a tapping. It just keeps getting louder and louder
Tales from Singapore
The Losing Bet
I'm getting no sleep because of a tapping. It just keeps getting louder and louder
For years, a man came into my room in the middle of the night and watched me sleep
My meds stopped working
Camille wasn't herself yesterday
Clear hearts are hard to find...
I Only Read the End
The Shadowman
My Father's Puppets Keep Getting Destroyed (Part 1)
Exactly 5 months ago in South Korea, I met a man running from monsters
Do you see this man when you’re awake?
The hotel of Hell
I'm a veterinarian, and it's my job to kill someone who has nine lives. PART 2
The friend inside the wall.
My girlfriend the sadist.
The Body
Inhuman
Alcoholics Anonymous? Narcotics Anonymous? I had heard of those. But I had never heard of Solipsists' Anonymous. I didn't even know that MYSELF was something that I could be addicted to. [1/3]
My Friends Say I Can Be Kind of a Douche
Alcoholic's Anonymous? Narcotics Anonymous? I had heard of those. But I had never heard of Solipsists Anonymous. I didn't even know that MYSELF was something that I could be addicted to.
I woke up and was the only person left on the planet
The Witch In The Wall
I've always been a little afraid of sex
An "ordinary" 911 call.
Beach Terror
I think its payback time us humans
I decided to check out a local urban legend. There's more to it than I thought.
Random
Notes For Myself.
Why no one uses my school's toilets
The Nightmares Haunt Me
I found my sister hanging
Obama touched me and said if I let him stroke my penis he will tell me his last name but if I tell anyone his last name we will send the us navy to all come to give me anal
Count to ten
NEW IDEAS NEEDED FOR BLACK MIRROR 💡
The Pine Barrens
I Thought Survival Lists were Bullshit until I Got One Myself
I have nowhere else to go
The End is Always Near - You'll never have to sleep again!
I have seen the last missing twenty four minutes of Eyes Wide Shut and now I'm in fear for my life
My wife gives the best head
Horrifying Hustler
I died in my sleep and it wasn’t peaceful
I Peeped in the Wrong Window; Now I Fear For My Soul
The Viperman
The Halloween Assignment
I am in love with my dead girlfriends tuba
I bought a second-hand chair and it transported me to another world [Final]
Short one let me know what you think
My friend and I found a portal to a world where Homo sapiens never evolved. We saw what the world became without us. It shocked us. PART 1/2
KIDZ ZUPRIZE - An elsagate horror story &amp; creepypasta
Sticky Notes
All I wanted to do was improve my sex life
All I wanted to do was improve my Sex Life
I Work at the Darabont County Archives - Part Six G Hunt Section
Why Won’t My Eyes Close?
I found my old creative writing notebook 😂
I think my friend and I may be being haunted.
Dreamweaver - How to Control Your Dreams!
This was my last One Night Stand. I think I caught something worse than chlamydia.
The box we found the summer before high school (part 3)
My near-death experience at the cottage
A top-secret Soviet experiment would be dangerous to remain hidden any longer.The Game
Check your Greed
A found a cult, it’s not what you expect...
Reflection
Victoriana's Letter
Lister: Aunt Liptrot's House
The Cicada Trigger
I have a plan to take down the Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline
My vagina sometimes changes people’s genders
The friend inside the wall.
I Recently Passed Away and I Need Advice
The Gunslinger
Culture of despair
Night of the Dogs
The blood man
Chudo-Yudo, or why Russians keep so many nukes in the Ural Mountains
I Woke Up, But I Wasn’t Asleep
Priority passengers only.
My co-worker told me I'd burn from the inside if I drank it, I should have listened.
I can see your future, Mrs. Tenby
It Wasn't a Suicide
Pretend
I Bought A Prostitute, The Head Was The Best Part.
The Diary Of John Cook
I’ve been asexual my entire life, but yesterday I finally met a woman who turns me on.
"Hello, Nine-Triple-One, how may I help you?"
Trapped
FUCK HER TONIGHT!!!!
The Body
I'm being stalked by the Taxi Man
Relax, it's over, you belong to me, I fill your mouth with dirt.
My co-worker told me I'd burn from the inside, I should have listened to him.
Deep in the mountains of upstate New York, there’s a whole town populated by a single inbred family.
The Taxi Man
I'm a PI. Something Weird's Been Happening In My Hometown (Part 7)
My wife gives the best head
Help! I’m stuck in a city of all women... The last person who had this job is dead
The Mysterious House
The Shadow
How to Pick Up a Cougar – A Young Man’s Guide to Picking Up a Hot Cougar Fast
Looking to narrate and perform stories
My dream world is more real than reality
My dream world is more real than reality
No sleep now
[Gore] I’m convinced my college is a very well organized cult.
Lister: Aunt Liptrot's house
Rude awakening
Domesticating Foxes(part 2)
Cursed nightmare...
Domesticating Foxes(Part 2)
Domesticating
Domesticating Foxes(Part 2)
The Killing House [Part 5]
Grew up in a 110 year old house. These are some of my unfortunate memories...
Operation Exile - BREACH - Part 11
What waits across the lake.
Have you ever dreamed of the boy in the green cap?
The Viperman
What is it?
don't take night walks
I think something is out to get me. You can be the judge of that.
I'm a veterinarian. Things got hairy when a man showed up at my clinic wanting to buy the animals.
There is a gorilla in the 23rd Street subway station in the Flatiron District of Manhattan.
I think something is out to get me. You can be the judge of that.
Order # 0004
i'm always hungry when i'm off my meds
Being sober for this only made it worse.
PSYCHO
𝑁𝑖𝑛𝑒 𝑓𝑜𝑢𝑟𝑡𝑦 𝑓𝑜𝑢𝑟...
Im making progress
The Birds Are Craving Flesh
The Body
Four creepy men outside of my apartment exhibiting inexplicable behavior
My roommate went missing, and I really don't think she's going to come back.
Ominous Men Outside My Apartment Inexplicable Behavior
Something is whispering our names in the forest. Now my wife is missing.
Something I Wrote lol
Sasquatch
The Missing Children
I work at a hospital that assists supernatural creatures UPDATE 2
My Police Academy is Haunted UPDATE
Something is whispering to me in the forest, and now my wife is missing
I might be going to prison for what I did out in the woods.
I died over a year ago. I just woke up (Part 2)
I found a notebook filled with information about "anomalies" [Part 3]
Secret
I watched a webinar I wasn’t meant to see and now I’m in serious trouble
Fork in the Path
7 Days Journey of Amaranth Gluta NAC
Pokemon Poisoned Edition
I work at a very popular vinyl record store that’s haunted... no one besides staff knows
I work at a very popular vinyl record store that’s haunted, and no one knows...
Hypomnesia
What the hell was on that trail camera? [Part 2]
This you should not look up
My friends and I went to an escape room. We're never going again.
Case 3964: The Blackgate Incident (Part 1)
A murder at Crawford Road
Always rake the leaves.
I was a crypto-entomologist for a day. I haven’t spoken a word about what happened since.A walk in the dark
A walk in the dark
Domesticating Foxes (Part 2)
B U M P
I Know What's Best
We Hated The Millers
Honey bear
We Hated The Millers
I Camped With A Search And Rescue Officer And He Told Us Stories (1/?)
There’s something very strange about the new Energy Conversation Effort in Red Grove
I bought a second-hand chair and it transported my daughter to another world
My second penis comes at night
I heard screams from my bathroom
I Work at the Darabont County Archives - Part Six G Hunt Section
I Work at the Darabont County Archives Part Six G History Section
A ghost followed me
The Earthlings - S16 E1 - Jack The Ripper (Part 2)
The Statue
My Sister Never Came Home From School
My wired room mate
You probably killed someone without knowing it
All I Smell is Eggs
I stayed at my friend's new house to watch his pets while he went on vacation with his wife. Won't be doing that again.
A Little Boy Told Me He's Stuck In The Pipes Under My Shower Drain
I visited the Tower Of London. Something left with me.
My Perfect Mattress Came with Rules
The Hotel I'm Staying in has Provided a Specific List of Rules (Part 2)
Prometheus' Torture
I met the Shadow Man...
It just happened to me 1 clap
I'm a security guard hired to protect an estate, The forest has eyes [Part 9]
One-Thirty-Four Beaumont Drive
I met the shadow man...
I fell at the Team Building training for Brighter Futures, but no one was there to catch me
My Mom isn't my Mom
The Man on the Roof Across the Street
Interested in Buying a Human Soul
The forgotten planet
Jake Blackheart, part two
Culture of despair
I don't think my mom is my mom
An Insomniac's Advice on how NOT to Sleep
I got an email from my dead batchmate.
I got an email from my dead batchmate.
It's 10pm, Time For Work.
somebody spoke to me inside my head
Last Halloween I was visited by a grown man dressed as Peter Pan.
THE HOUSE IN THE MIDDLE OF THE FOREST
I moved into new flat and I found this diary in the cupboard. I hope it's okay to share the diary entry.
Magazines, Andrew series (Part 1)
Scary Story
Magazines (Andrew Series)
Ornaments/ Part 2
Ornaments/ Part 2
Nobody Violates My Ideals
Sequoia (From my book The Eclipse Theater)
Operation AQUIFER
Tall Tom
[Operation AQUIFER]
Was it ever a good sign to wake up gasping?
Tall Tom
Help. My family is getting replaced. #2
Shadows
Automated Packaging Machines by Accutek Packaging Equipment - 10 Oct 2019
The Bleeding Tree
Sapphire Blue, Pt 2 of 2 (Finale)
Automated Packaging Machines by Accutek Packaging Equipment - 10 Oct 2019
August 2019 Voting Thread
Alone in a dark room with seven mirrors and seven candles. (Part 2)
This horrible feeling of danger
Competition
Time to Sleep
About the church I went to in Georgia
The Witch of Salem Cave
I adopted the most precious little kitty cat.
The Reason Why I Will Never Go To A Hospital Ever Again
My friend doesn't allow anyone insider her home after 9:30 PM. I recently found out why.
My adopted sister's name is Anabelle
Never buy a game with a red X on a thrift store
I'm pretty sure I'm being pranked by my employees.
The little boy with no eyes
Deathbed
Rotting city pt. 2
Three friends meet up to attend a travelling circus expecting a night of classic entertainment, but little do they know they’re in for a night to never forget...
The abandoned cabin along FS472
The abandoned cabin along FS472 (edited)
I’m not supposed to go on Reddit, but I need help. The Secret Man keeps whispering to me, and I want him to stop.
Never Back Country Camp Without A Permit
7 Taps
The cabin along FS472
The Death Of An Ocean
Feed the Pig
Four Ham Sandwiches and My High School Crush
The Trial Game.
Those That Dwell In The Mud
Drums in the hills
Tinder date that I never should of went on...
My name is Alex and I am trapped please send help
I can’t leave my house without these damn cats following me.
How to Survive Camping - my brother is not my brotherAn Excerpt from the Diary of Mr. Viktor Manner
The Crooked Man
Order # 0003
Don't camp alone
The Confession
"For the Sake of Decency, Gentlemen, Don't Hang me High."
Can you be haunted by a pet?
We keep finding bodies in the Morning Slough
Camping night
I work in a hospital that assists supernatural creatures UPDATE 2
Has anyone heard of a company called Amped Rides?
Case 3964: The Blackgate Incident (Part 1 of 3)
This has me wondering about elephants
I have the ability to commandeer any living being's body, and I am addicted to it.
Elephants
I died over a year ago. I just woke up.
Diary of a Demon Part Five- Final
Jake Blackheart, part two
Mimic
Honoka
Boy Scout Cookies
What It's Like to Lead Two Lives
I’m an ex-Christian, but the thing I saw in the woods is making me question my faith.
A Body Among Wires
I died over a year ago. I just woke up.
Automatonophobia
QD: Employee of the Month - I have found danger down the rabbit hole
I went camping with my daughter in our living room, but woke up somewhere else entirely
My Best Friend Lives in the Mirror
countdown app
I found a journal half-buried in the sand while on routine patrol with my unit in Kandahar Province
Three friends meet up to attend a travelling circus expecting a night of classic entertainment, but little do they know they’re in for a night to never forget...
I’m an ex-Christian, but the thing in the woods is making me reevaluate where I stand in my faith.
Trust Chick-Fil-A.
The Crying
I watched madness spread its dark wings and descend on my Discord server
I think I’m being followed, or stalked?
I bought a second-hand chair and now my daughter is missing.
Carnivore
I’m a ghost hunter and what I found was more than supernatural
Deeper woods.
We met the Father of Lies in a remote forest
We met the devil in a remote forest
I think someone in my online class wanted to harm me
Is there hooks in the sky?
I Need Help to Identify This Shape
The Black Box
The Void Between People Is Never Closed
The thing in my town who isn’t really human.
Project 1: H.Y.P.E.R.
The prison I’m in is a front for something far, far worse [Part 2]
What the hell was on that trail camera?
Our Creator's Watchers
If I am indeed a security guard, I don't remember
I No Longer Have A Shadow Since Working For the Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline
My Job in the Woods part 5
I was hearing a strange noise all day
I tried brewing my own Kombucha
I hear sounds at night, but its not normal.
I have some stories to tell. I’m wondering who else has these experiences.
My best friend lives in the mirror
The Reaper Is Not Here
I have some stories to tell and I’m wondering who else has experience this.
33 Years Ago I Went Camping, I Haven't Been Since. Here's What Happened..
Writing prompt
DO YOU LIKE PARANORMAL LIKE WE DO ?
The Reaper Is Not Here
The Reaper Is Not Here
WE NEED YOU GUYS
The cemetery wouldn't let me leave.
Never trust GPS. (Part 1)
HeadSpace
Never trust GPS. (Part 1)
Remember when? (Part 2)
I work at a fire lookout tower and I’ve seen some crazy stuff (1)
My Grandma's House has rules for the whole week[PART 3]
How our hiking experience quickly turned into terrifying incidence
Beasts of Big Shoals Park
My home sweet home.
my experience
Help! I’m stuck in a city of all women... and the Queen is insane!!
I found a mysterious package on my doorstep. Now I know everything, but I don’t know what to do. (Part 1)
I lost my wife to a being I know only as "The Doctor."
I lost my little girl and now nobody remembers her
Honoka
It's not the sea we should be afraid of.
It finally came back for me.
Psychotronic Weapons – Chris Eagle
Everything you Need to Know About Mass Hysteria: An Essay on Fine Terroir
Me and my friends tried summoning Bloody Mary... I think it worked too well
Surviving Night’s Lane
THEY'RE GOING TO KILL US
The dream eater
Me and my friends tried summoning Bloody Mary... I think it worked too well
THE FOLLOWING IS THE TRANSCRIPTION FROM SUBJECT M-120U ANNE BREIGHTON
Something Completely Different
We Survive
My Time at the State Psychiatric Hospital
The Darkest Night
I can't convince my roommate to stop playing League of LegendsThe Gift
Boys Will Be Boys
I really enjoy getting high and going on a nice long drive
The Color of Death
I lived next to a internet lolcow.
The Dreamland, or DreamsDeathTrap
The magical girl that sat on my windowsill (Part 1)
How I helped solve my imaginary friend's murder (Part 4)
Ornaments
[Removed]
I work as a Fire watchman and I’ve seen some crazy stuff
My Fiancée has photos of me that I've never seen before? (Part Three)
I Think I'm Being Stalked
Coal-Eyed Kid
The Hotel I'm Staying in has Provided a Specific List of Rules (Part 1)
The Red Imperium
Wumpa Fruit
My Ideals
"You Have Unanswered Questions In Your Quora Digest"
I decided to check out a local urban legend. I'd rather not have known the truth.
Something Has Been Trying To Convince Me To Kill Myself
My Last Time Babysitting
Apartment Damage Report - 10/6/2019
My Last Time Babysitting
Abodyemigphobia: an irrational fear of the inside of the human body and how it works
I am just like you
I’m having daily panic attacks, but my symptoms are so bizarre I’m too frightened to tell anybody.
My name is Jake Blackheart, and I see the best and worst of people.
The Knock Knock Man
My Guardian Angel Doesnt Seem Very Holy
There was someone in my villa PART 1
He Called Himself The Story Collector
Imaginary Friends
I'm trapped in an elevator with four people. It's been descending for an hour. Please get this out to my family.
Why I Don't Sleep on Halloween Night
I nearly died and honestly I’m convinced I did
The Disappearance of Miles Joseph
The day the siren rang part 3
If You See This You Need To HIDE
I Work At A Place Where People Come To Die. They Just Don't Always Know It.
Bad Things Happen To Good People
We tricked my friend into thinking he woke up in a coffin six feet under. It didn’t go quite as we planned.
A Conversation with a Stranger on the Bus
The Lost Pictures
Mommy used to love me.
Following #1
The Dream
I Build Furniture out of Doors
Why the last BlockBuster hasn't closed.
Afraid of the Dark
QD: Employee of the Month - Entry #17
I think I found the worst nightmare anyone has ever had
I’m scared and I need help, someone might have tried breaking into my apartment
The Backrooms
Literal No Sleep
I’m scared and I need help, someone might have tried breaking into my apartment
I Invented a Silly Kid's Game. Now People are Dead.
The Daily Grind
Pokemon: Gardevoir's Game
The spider epidemic. (Part 1)
An Unwelcome Neighbor
A hobo, a pedo..no..a ghost!
The Monster Inside Me
Sarah
The Other Ella
The Black Site
She wouldn't shut up. There was no other way.
Sarah
Beware of the White Noise
Being the only person in the entire room, the weird sounds from outside were getting to me; so I went towards the door, looking at the knob and closed it.
The spider epidemic. (Arachnophobia warning)
My Police Academy is Haunted
The Hotel I'm Staying in has Provided a Specific List of Rules (Part 1)
I'm trapped in an elevator with four other people. It's been descending for an hour now. Please make sure my family sees this.
The Shadow with a Fedora
Tom Waterfield
She’s Still Here
She Wouldn't Stop Screaming
Never drink tap water
They kept flickering
They kept flickering
Am I Alive Or Dead?
I don't know what it was, but I think I'll stick to day shifts from now on.
I'm Lily Madwhip and This is a Nightmare
Unthinkable
Rules for kids and employees at the Saint Alphonsus Orphanage
“There’s something very wrong with the drug made by BFSH clinic”
Mission ranch
Don't go out to Belvedere House
The Neverglades Mysteries: "Nightmare Walking"
Mission ranch
Phobophobia
How Teachers Are Made
My flatmate used to be vegetarian
Don’t be enticed to listen to the crack in your door, just DONT.
A Dangerous Game
There's Something Very Off about The New Maid that we Smuggled Into Our Home...
I'm a PI. Something Weird's Been Happening In My Hometown (Part 6)
My Experience Hunting Cryptids part 1
Alone in a dark room with seven mirrors and seven candles.I found a frog in my drink last night
Sapphire Blue
I have a power, and it's haunting me.
Beware the White Noise
Uber Woes
The Shadow Walker
The Abhorrence Behind the TV
Remember when? (Part 1)
You Won't Believe This
I can see my body in my bathtub.
My body is in my bathtub.
My body in the bathtub
I can see my body drowning in the bathtub.
Watching West Wing after midnight
My flatmate is a vegetarian
You Won't Believe This
Why am I so scared at night and panic
Ongoing strange-ness
a brief interruption
Why do I get so scared at night sometimes?
Throw it Away
My Neighbor behaves as if he is hiding someone in his hotel apartment
If you get a white bump, don't ignore it
Throw It AWAY
Too much weather (non-horror)
There is something living in Flathead National Forest and it isn’t human
It didn't feel out of the ordinary at first
I bought a storage locker that contains a doorway to Hell. I had a conversation with someone extraordinary on the other side.
I keep hearing the sounds at night, and I fear what it is.
There is something living in Flathead National Forest and it isn’t human
Drink drank drunk.
My Paranormal Stories- Part One
my garage door wont stop trying to open
I learned more about the Haunted house I work for
Diary of a Demon Part Four
There Are Eight Days in a Week
I'm a hoarder, and I found this weird cat in a pile of books.
My girlfriend's hair gets everywhere
There Are Eight Days in a Week!
Living in Carson City Used to be a Blessing
my garage door wont stop trying to open
The disappearance of the Macleroy family.
I saw a monster in a killer's dream
The Shadow Man That Watches Me Sleep
A Story About the Boy Who Sees Things
A Trip To The Fair I'll Never Forget
The fly on the wall.
Ghost Radar
The Sleepwalker
It Called My Name
Sad times
Why do I feel scared
I medically died today and I can explain what death is really like.
I work in an antique shop, and strange things are happening here.... (Part 7)
Please help. I'm fading away.
I medically died for 40 seconds and I can explain what death is really like
I died and I can explain to everyone what dying feels like (true)
MY TERRIFYING EXPERIENCE ON THISPERSONDOESNOTEXIST.COM
The Hauntings Of Miskatonic University By AdelSalim01
Child's Play
I took up a job as a night guard. It's time to end this. [Final]
Imagination or something more serious
I died and I can tell everyone one what death feels like (true)
The Ring Collector
I’m Farmer Ray, and every so often I have to play a game of detective and murderer with my animals
My Social Media Posts Became My Nightmares
It Visits me at Night
I fight ancient beings and I have some stories, Part 2 of 3.
something impersonated my parents
It was a Christmas day
QD: Employee of the Month - Entry #16
A True Monster
The Earthlings (Part 1)
Incubus
I know my father is keeping a terrible secret from us. I intend to find out what it is.
Incubus
Strange voice intercepted a call I was in
The hauntings of Miskatonic University By AdelSalim01
They kidnapped me in the middle of the night. Now I'm fighting for my life. PART 2
The Crimson Dream
A Very Demanding Internship
Unexplained Noise
The Visitor
The Kraken
Obama, the Sleep Reaper
The Noise
I looked after my neighbors “pet”
Obama, the Sleep Reaper
Don’t Drink the Coffee made at the Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline
I Think There's a Real Haunted House in my Town. People are Dying (Part 1)
The World Through My Eyes
I found a 4,600 years-old document describing a humanoid species named Sygil
How this years pumpkin carving went horribly wrong.
My husband and I bought a couch from Craigslist, but the box is now being investigated by the CDC.
I met a modern day plague doctor. He is desperate for a cure.
The path that didn't exist
Catn’t
He really really loved peanut butter
Woodhurst
The unlucky cursed record. {MY FIRST STORY}Ace science club
Don't go hiking near Bear Cove
Everyday i'm visited by two birds. One brings good news. The other brings bad..
My Grandma's House has rules for the whole week[UPDATE]
My Grandma's house has rules fornthe whole week[UPDATE]
Don't visit Sognsvann at night
The shimmering statue
If you purchased our glow-in-the-dark pumpkins, we’d like to offer a full refund. But please don’t bring them back, and if you figure out how to destroy them, let us know
Help! I'm trapped in a city of women! It's not what I expected...
If you see Todd making coffee in the Brighter Futures break room, don’t drink it
You
The wolf in us all
Operation A little Birdy Told me
Something on the Barn
Best creature??
Sleep Paralysis
Cerber: A Mundane Chronicle [PART 7]
I keep on seeing strange creatures
Cerber: A Mundane Chronicle [PART 7]
My sleep... things
Layover in Tall Red
How I Was Almost Kidnapped
Spiders...
My Grandma's House has rules for the whole week
We think we know where my sister is. I hope we're wrong- UPDATE
The 21st Night of September
I've Found Some Strange Writings
How I helped solve my imaginary friend's murder (Part 3)
My Friend Gave Me Wrong Directions. It Had Horrifying Consequences.
I'm a private investigator and I need your help explaining my latest case
DECEASED DAUGHTER— 1st
She always looked good in red.
Ode to One Night Stands
Two sentence horror stories anyone? I'll start
"I Got Sores"
The man behind you
Idaho’s Fame
A True Story That May Prove Some Form of Afterlife...
A True Story That May Prove Some Form of Afterlife...
Diary of a Demon Part Three
Sarah Smiles Once More
The Tales my Father Told
Its payback time, humans
All the Kings Horses Part 1
Spacegirl
The World Through My Eyes
I Kill Monsters for an Interdimensional Government. Here are some Stories. (Part 1)
The World Through My Eyes
The Dentist
The Place I'm From Suddenly Doesn't Exist
Listener Submitted Stories [Part One]
In 1968
QD: Employee of the Month - Entry #16
The box we found the summer before high school (part 2)
Dragging Dream
The box we found the summer before high school (Part II - the cabin)
I am stuck in my local mall and there is no way to escape [Part 1]
Possible witch encounter?
Our beautiful daughter
In the Tunnel
Cyber Security Expert available !!!
do you remember?
A Rock With a Hole
Cyber Security Expert available !!!
My Name Is The Story Teller. This Is The First Story From My Free Trial.
I am the story collector. This is the first story from my service's free trial.
I will never be the same after this rave...
To the Love of my Life, today is the first day of the rest of our lives! Isn't it exciting?
Theres something creepy going on in my village.
scary stories are best told by a campfire
I think I’m slowly slipping into perpetual sleep paralysis and it terrifies me beyond words
It wanted me to cut myself
Don't go out after midnight in Ireland.
My diary from the future.
The Phantom Caller
Don’t go out after midnight in Ireland
I’ve been experiencing weird things in my sleep, I’ve been waking up at exactly 3 am for the past 3 weeks and I don’t think it’s a coincidence
The Knocking Past 5.
Delta waves|Binural Beats|Meditation|Study Music
The Knocking At 5:01 AM.
The Jar Of Pain
The Knocking Past 5:01AM.
Something happened last night at the fair.
The Solitaire
I’m a psychopharmacologist. What happened to one of my patients after he stopped visiting me has made me suspicious.
A cold day at the hole in the wall strip club. (Final)
Every time I got an exorcist the rent got higher
I know what really happened to my dad
QD: Employee of the Month - Entry #15
A man confronted me in a coffee shop and claimed he was my doppelganger
I died today and I can show you what dying is really like (true story) and I need your help ?
Madame Rose’s School for Girls
Eat Prey Love
Mrs Munchhausen
im trapped in the basment of a hospital help me....
Quiet Island
A story I wish I never pursued
Someone crawled into my dorm room at night
I was forced to sacrifice at a satanic church
DECEASED DAUGHTER— 1stThe sea is red in certain places.
No sleep
I’m afraid of going to heaven
They kidnapped me in the middle of the night. Now I'm fighting for my life. Part 1
I’m afraid of going to heaven
The statue at my Church moves
Drink. Drank. Drunk.
Man VS Wolf
Qui Penetrant
New 'Hunter' Plan for Universal Basic Income
The Tall man in Coat and Hat Disappeared ( part 1 )
Always Look New Workers in the Eye
"Someone is typing..." P.4
"Someone is typing..." P.4
"Someone is typing..." P.4
They Were Always Behind Me
"Someone is typing..." P.4
My cousin committed suicide two days ago and all that she left was this note.
"Someone is typing..."
I still don't know if I was awake or asleep.
911 is no longer responding to the Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline
The statue at my Church moved
I’m vegan for 364 days out of the year, but then Halloween arrives.
Black Fog
Something is very wrong
I believe my parents are hiding something. [Part 1]
I went to a satanic church and they made me sacrifice a human with a sac on their head but then I realised who it was, but not until after..
I believe my father is hiding something (Part 1)
Disturbing Her Remains
5:26
A Hitchhiker's diary | PART 1
I'm hiding in a closet- I don't think I'm going to survive.
The Town I Grew Up In
The Town I Grew Up In
I've seen them since I was a small child...
This Post will disappear but you all helped
My Case On A Serial Killer Just Disappeared And Now I've Found An Alien Nest (Part 2)
Father Thomas
The thing in my nightmare is real. And nobody believes me
The missing girl from down the street
The Drowning Pool
This Is My Daughter’s Final Journal Entry. After Her Apartment Caught On Fire, She Went Missing.
My dad's aunt was visited by something
Mr. Henderson has been acting strange
I’ve made a horrible mistake
I think I've got demons in my neighbourhood.
My Grandma's house has rules for the whole week.
I've got creepiest neighbourhood (Real).
I went camping yesterday, and I... I am never gonna find my way home.
Rationality Report, Issue Twelve, Page Twenty-Two
You are now breathing manually.
Help me find this pasta/story
I thought I was incapable of love until I met her.
dark figure at this place my brother went to
Anomalies
We think we know where my sister is. I hope we're wrong.
I thought my friend was trying to steal my husband. The truth was much worse.
My True Deep Web Experience (With Proof). From 2nd to 7th Grade. Selling drugs. [PREVIEW]
Why I never talk about Courtroom 402
There's something in the woods surrounding my town
I miss you
Rules for working at a haunted house
Halloweens Long Walk
I miss you
I do love this haunted house (part 1)
I still can't explain what happened in Brazil.
I Interviewed a Psychopath. It Was My Last Interview Ever.
What the Cat Dragged In
THE smiling devil
I was hunted.
truck 110
Has anyone heard of the Left/Right Game? (Part 5)
Ghost Radar
Silhouettes
My Father Was An Air Force Pilot. He Saw Something Terrifying Near Albuquerque, New Mexico.
Sombra Caves
Something In The Trees
Mr. Bigglesworth
Alan The Snake
G.O.D. is real, and is very much not on our side
Rumors always have a reason as to why they are spread...
The puzzle was solved now I can’t see him anymore. The Shadow Man
TIL In 2009 Technology and Man merged in a way that is irreversible. Nano Technology was released from a bio weapons research facility in Groom Lake Nevada. These Bots were self replicating and over the last 10 years have replaced every particle on earth with smart cells.
I'm stuck in a prison. I have to follow the rules to live.
Recognition
The Reason Why I Hate Blood Rituals
Don't Go Into The Woods This Halloween
I was raised a cannibal and didn't know it
I never believed in reincarnation... but then I met AJ.
I used to go to my grandparents every summer, I used to..
Western Devils
A photograph from my laptops webcam of me laying in bed using the laptop was shoved under my door tonight
A photograph from my laptops webcam of me laying in bed using the laptop was shoved under my door tonight
A photograph from my laptops webcam of me laying in bed using my computer was slipped under my door tonight
I don't have a cat. A cat has me.
My Interview with a Psychopath
The Crooked Man's crooked tasks
There is something coming after me in my dreams, and I don’t know how to make it stop
My Interview with a Psychopath
HoneyI've discovered the dark, horrifying truth about beans.
Diary of a Demon Part Two
My Interview with a Psychopath
Has anyone else noticed that today just feels empty and sad?
Got a strange package in the mail yesterday...
The Thing on the Moon
I wake up with a new cut everyday. I think I might know why.
I inherited my stepdad's parrot and it's driving me crazy.
I found a notebook filled with information about "anomalies" [Part 2]
Something spooky for spooktober
PRANK CALL
The weird kid from across the street where I grew up had an extremely unwholesome obsession
"I've made mistakes, Ara"
The Little Girl in my Basement
A Dream of Mine Haunts Me; I Aimlessly Wonder In A Never-ending Hall.
Is this Paranormal Evidence??? (First Evidence)
We Should Have Left Them Alone
Mirror, Mirror
Can someone call my parents?
I Met Someone From My Past and We Both Agree our Realities Got Mixed Up.
The Man with Many Jobs
I will never play another Mario game
My friends in the ground
I'm a magician, and I'm in need of my greatest escape act. [Part 12]
H3lp
Strange package in the mail
The Rise of Mr Weiner
First Creepypasta Voice Over, Please Critique
My friend once went to the new library, I only get her texts now.
Strange package in the mail
Whatever You Do, Don't Sit on the Chair in Front of the Fireplace
Stay away from the Yukon River
A man is keeping me as his pet and I don't know how to escape
I work in a hospital that assists supernatural creatures UPDATE
The Redwoods
Im a fireman who got called in for a “threat” [Part2]
How to Survive Camping - why we don't keep horses
Subway 621
My Beautiful Flower
I took up a job as a night guard. Where's the exit? [Part 4]
The Inevitable She
Five Rules Every Charmer Must Know (Part 4)
The Interrogation Room
Five Rules Every Charmer Must Know (Part)
I’m being stalked.
The Woodland Mansion.
It snowed last night, it is the beginning of spring.
Hide and Seek
What the Cat Dragged In
The Man
Escapism
The Man (First horror story)
I was recruited by the UK branch of the Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline
My Mother Died In A Fire Last Week
My little brother has been playing Five Nights at Freddy’s nonstop for 28 hours
Cedar oaks park
Something forcefully entered my body.
The Getaway
Code Name Starfox
I'd ignore the voice, if it didn't keep saving my life
Codename Star-FOX
My Grandson's Buddy
I got sent back in time due to a horrible mistake. Don't do what I did.
Missing Life
Watch Free Movies &amp; TV Series Online
A Man with many Jobs pt 1
He died 3 days ago. I recall his funeral procession last year.
Isn't Love A little Scary?
I felt it, i didn't see it, don't know what is it.
Creepy pasta
He died a week ago.. but I can remember his funeral a year ago.
July contest winners!
I witnessed the Beginning of the End Times
R/abuse but here I am
Whatever You Do, Don't Enter the Catholic Church Late at Night (Part One)
My Case On A Serial Killer Disappeared But I'm Not Done Investigating (Part 1)
Voices
Voices
Learning the hard way...
The Emerald Woman
The Emerald Woman
Don't Trust Her, It Might Get You Killed!!! (Pt1)
The Good Neighbor
The Good Neighbor
A cold day at the hole in the wall strip club. (Part 1)
Don't Camp Alone
The planet Utopia is currently consuming the Earth. I'm Lilith, and I'm sorry I failed you
I Think Something is Wrong...
Don’t go trick-or-treating alone
The Jump Rope Girl
This isnt fun anymore, This isnt fun anymore, This isnt fun anymore...
My Memories of Mr. Simmons
My true paranormal experiences
Do Not Sit on the Chair That's in Front of the Fireplace
Do Not Sit on the Chair That's in Front of the Fireplace
Scary Drug Encounter Experience at the Motel
Found a Deep Web Video
I have been tracking a bounty hunter's story ever since 2016 (Part 5)
History as foretold
Ever been Ghosted?Welcome to the Forgotten Martin Street....
My coffee is made for me in the morning. I live alone.
There's a Chair in the Woods That You Should Never Sit On
PART 1 The Interview
Why I'll Never Volunteer Again
I played the new Blair Witch game and now she's stalking me
A vision through the glass
Looking through the glass
Urgent Message
Found a interesting newspaper article, seems more like a crime report than a article
Tap Tap Tap
A interesting news article I found, dating April 26th, 1993, seems more like a crime report. Found in Japan
UFC 243 Fight Live stream Free Guide
I can freeze time, here's how.
I wanted to find Humanity's Purpose, I went too far
My earliest childhood memories
My dream from 8 years ago is starting to become a reality.
I wanted to find Humanity's Purpose, I went too far
Escapism
I can only visit my son at night.
The NEVER man
Home Sweet House of Horrors
Swan Lake
Diary of a Demon
My daughter is scaring me...
Tornado Alley (Part 1 of 5) St. Louis, MO. Year: 2020
A Vengeful Spirit Cursed my Mother's Place [Part 2]
A flash before it
I'm finishing a deal that my uncle started.
Halloween 2019 will be the end of humanity
I Need Help Finding Some Antique Christmas Ornaments
Suggested to post this here
Brughag
Masculinity, an Angel, a Massive Mound, and Blood
If a man wearing a grotesque mask hands you an envelope, do yourself a favour and throw it away
Ghost Wonderful
Apartment 1A
A night in a castle
The Dean Family have a curse upon them, and only I know why.
Orphanage mother died. Please help us.
I went to see an abandoned church in the countryside... I wish that I hadn’t.
Eviction
I can't sleep
I can't sleep[Part 1?]
Remember
The Hooded God
It's not me
Smile For The Camera
i'm sick but no one believes me
A House of Horror
There's Something Extremely Strange Happening to the Teachers at My Boarding School - Part 1
am i a stalker
I Think A Demon Will Kill Me Soon
I can see ghosts when I'm hammered. This is the creepiest experience I ever had.
Come to Daddy
The Dean Family have a curse upon them, and only I know why
I think I brought home my dead grandfather.
I work in a hospital that assists supernatural creatures
The work of a true artist
Couples Therapy is Really Helping My Marriage!
I should never have joined the Tri-State Paranormal Society (Part 3)
I should never have joined the Tri-State Paranormal Society (Part 3)
Something is Happening to the Mars Colony
Something Down by the River
(Part 2) No Sleep. No Sleep. Can't Sleep.
there’s a strange tapping on the car roof
A Haunting on Highway 206
there’s a strange tapping on the car roof
(Part 1) No Sleep. No Sleep. Can't Sleep.
Trying to find a story I read on here a while back? Any help?
I’m a therapist and my patient told me she sees dead people. After relating her experience to me, Now I can too.
He's been watching me...
Five of my coworkers went to BFSH supply storage but only one of us came back
I spent the night in a ghost town
Some Russian urban legends are real, after all...
If someone asks you to make a supply run for the Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline, just say no
The man with no face
Come Out, This Isn’t Funny Anymore!
Blood On Set
It stood at the end of the corridor
I ask you a favor. Allow me to live once again.
Helpmehelpmehelp
There's something in my house. I have a video to prove it.
Camper Welcome Packet for Camp Bide-a-Way
Camper's Welcome Packet for Camp Bide-a-Way
I am writing a horror novel placed in Eastern Europe during communism, and I would love to hear some thoughts and ideas!!
I took up a job as a night guard. I don't know how much more of this I can take. [Part 3]
He's been watching me?
I need to get away from my grandma’s friend
So my new workplace is haunted
The diaries of an alternative hitman
Where was I?
I started a new job as a hotel receptionist, now I'm stuck on an endless loop [FINAL]
Journal of a Self-Immolating Man
My Room is CREEP
I can see the things that hide in the night.
I have the sight, and decided to leave the house
a planes black box reveals what happened to a entire platoon of pilots (first ever story and im a sucker for military slang)its ment to be simple but also creepy for anyone who knows military slang
Bus Stop
Bus Stophelpmehelpmehelp
helpmehelpmehelp
helpmehelpmehelp
I just started working the night shift at my university library. I found an envelope with rules that weren't in the employment manual. [Part 3]
Anyone have a true ghost or creepy story?
Sex trafficking scheme? Or just weird couple?
Secret of powers unknown.
I'm rotting from the inside out.
An archived message from the near future #1
Something Wicked
Order # 0002
I had to kill myself to escape
I think my therapist is stalking me, Part 2
I found a notebook filled with information about "anomalies"
My house is flooding. The water looks weird.
I had to kill myself to escape
We found a letter in our new home that leads me to believe the previous owner may have killed someone. I am unsure of just what this is and what it means.
The Taking of Kevin Fitz
I need audio editing advice
I had to kill myself to escape
It was the first time I killed a man
“How will they explain to your pets that you died?”
The day Kevin Fitz was never found (1)
I Don't know what is going to happen to me.
Rachel’s Beauty Vlog
Besser Schlafen
Tapping on my Roof
Have You Ever Seen This AirBnb Listing?
It was the first time I killed a man.
I Have a Scary Story to Tell You
Wishes Don't Belong in a Bottle
My Daughter Leaves Candy Outside Her Window
I did not expect this much blood...
I’ve always wondered about the afterlife
I Have a Scary Story to Tell
Elevator 3 is haunted
I'm heading out now. Don't wait up.
My girlfriend's best friend is insane
why i tried to fight a mirror when i was nine
Something Odd Is Going on Inside My Church (Part One)
I am heading out soon. Don't wait up.
My story
I am heading out now. Don't wait up.
Unexplored
I Miss Mommy
I only hear the voices in one ear
Curiosity- three kings creepypasta
Every Culture in History Has Burial Rites Meant to keep the Dead from Rising Again
Nearly Every Culture in History Has Burial Rites Meant to keep the Dead from Rising Again
I Don't Want to Join Them
Santería
The "shadow" we saw at my friend's birthday..
The Faces
In Dark Waters
I went kayaking with my friend along the coast of Catalina Island. I haven't seen him since.
And Now I Face the Consequences
Sometimes I am Paid to Summon Demons
What To Expect When You're Not Supposed To Be Expecting
A lake monster taunted me with the faces of my dead friends.
with care, m.s.
I hunt things, things you wouldn't expect. PART 2
My neighbor told me about the night her husband died
Something Stabbed the Back of My Neck
I hunt things, things you wouldn't expect PART 1
The Charon's Call
The Girl in the Corner
She Feast on the Careless Ones
Something Is Going on Inside My Church (Part One)
I Belong to Them Now
If you ever come across a door in the middle of the sea, leave it the hell alone
It’s teeth.
A report on the film "Becoming, Slowly"
This is not a suicide note!
Unfounded Part 2
Seashell trail
Fly Stuck In Honey
May sound not real and not scary, but definitely makes me think about moving out. Need advice.
Scarecrow
Faces in the dark
I work for the CAD, consume as much garlic as you can before they make landfall
I'm stuck in my high school.
My Imaginary Friend Was Spiderman
There's A Dead Girl on Snapchat: Hit &amp; Run
The Woman Outside My Window
There Once Was A Girl Who Swallowed A Fly
With care, m.s.
I Opened a Black Box I Found at the Beach. Now I Wish I Hadn't.
Giant Mouths
Sailors Superstitions
A Little Tributary off the Thames (Part four)
Beauty and the Wendigo
Make me scared
Something happened last Halloween
I Just Wanted to Win
Our House
Cupcakes (Part 1)
I found a murder's dumpsite.
One day
Web of Lies
Mirrors (Part 1)Surf's Up
Ambulance F-283
I've been keeping a dream journal for three years. Looking back, something doesn't seem right.
The Worst Date in Barcelona
I Don't Know Where I Am.
Why I'll never take a shower again
The Fruit inside the Wall
I Got a Therapy Animal From the Brighter Futures Community Clinic
I Worked on a Body Farm
The Black Mist
Best hacking recommendation
Deathstar Diorama
Catholic Mass (Part One)
I was overnight custodian for a big fitness center. Something is seriously wrong there.
She came from the sea.
I'm a PI. Something Weird's Been Happening In My Hometown (Part 5)
I took some friends of mine shipwreck diving out on my boat. We found one wreck in particular that whoever went down, came back different.
Maison pour personnes âgées FR
She came from the sea
Maison pour personnes agées [FR]
Below
The Fall of Utopia
I took some friends of mine shipwreck diving out on my boat. We found one wreck in particular that whoever went down, came back different.
Garden Street ghost, Illinois
Meet me at 8:00
What to do with spam callers...
My brother died because of youtube
I Belong to Them
The third drink is always for god
You said it would be easy to get rid of a body
Monsoon Season
Softbread Journals - Entry 1
The Journal of Jake Fontane
Weird sleep issues
Chlorine (1/3)
Don't Play The Hangman Game (Part 5)
Mirrors
I don’t know what this means?!?
I accidentally clicked on a spam ad on the internet, now my entire apartment complex is destroyed.
helpmehelpmehelp
Mommy, I'm so hungry
The Transcript of the Wilmette Murder Case: Official Report - Audio Log
An Anime Girl is Stalking Me. Help.
The Day They Came
My Ghost Story
Catholic Mass (Part One)
Aliens seem to follow me.
My friend died last year. Last night he came back.
Shells in the Sand
Don't go out at night.
The Black Hole of Room 118
I DIDNT WRITE THIS AND WHO THE HELL IS ADAM?
One in the Same
A Kidnapping, Non-fiction!
I Survived Hell on Earth (Part 4)
I Hate My New Apartment (Part 2)
I think something has been really scaring my wife since our trip to Haiti...
I think something has been really scaring our wife since our trip Haiti...
I Survived Hell on Earth (Part 4: Finale)
Okay, maybe I should’ve never bought it
My brother has been talking with our sister, but she's dead.
The restaurant called Pretium
I don’t deserve to be a mother.
Mirrors
Dude!!!!
The Pet I Always Wanted
We Saw Creatures In the Australian Outback, Pictures Included
A Stranger Calls
Someone left a bloody paper bag at my doorstep
If You Ever See Black Eyed Children, Please Don't Make The Same Mistake That I Did
There's an intruder in my house, but its not human. (Part 1)
SuperMarket Memoirs 17: Weswegiti
Ghost caught on ring camera?
My sister was kidnapped
There's an intruder in my house, but its not human... (part 1)
Son, I don't think that's a costume.
Project FLMelody87 has escaped, and I don’t think I’m going to make it.
I Know Why KiK is Really Shutting Down
Furry Freddy
The 2 Of Us Saw Creatures We Can't Explain in the Australian Outback
My Nightmares Are Predicting My Future
My wife outsmarted me after she died
Tales of a Tooth Fairy
Don't Drive Through The Sugar Cane Fields at Night
Something Is Tampering With my Dreams and Reality
I miss mommy
The Pact; Sometimes Words are Thicker than Blood
Aidan is a Good Husband and Father
We rescued a child from his abusive father. Then things started to happen that we couldn't explain.
The Kids Come to Me
Losing my Step-Son to his Father
Losing my Step-Son to his Father
I've wanted to kill myself for almost six years now and I'm only 17
A Vengeful Spirit Cursed my Mother’s Place
The One Thing You Must Do If You Ever See Black Eyed Children Outside Your Window
The girl in the attic
I work as an EMT.
A final confession of Sarah Silverman
Hawaii [Part2]
I dropped the twins off at school, but they're still sitting in the backseat staring at meI haven’t left my room in my life
Haunted
The last child
I'm a magician, and I'm in need of my greatest escape act. [Part 11]
As Big and Ugly as a Cockroach and Witch's Nails
I took up a job as a night guard. This isn't a job at all. [Part 2]
Always Leave a Note.
If your house ever bleeds; take a multivitamin and move out immediately.
I saw things in Afghanistan worse than War
Bonjour je m'appelle riyan je suis un nouvel utilisateur de Reddit bref place a mon histoire
Real eyes
I hunt things, things that you wouldn't expect (part 1)
The doll
A Strange Holodomor-Time Tale From My Grandmother's Old Journal
Please Don't Eat This Cereal With Milk
the thing that brings me joy is destroying families
I'm Never Nannying Again
I Dropped Broccoli on the Floor
Season 5 episode 25 question
She was protecting us, I think
I think I'm experiencing the memories of a serial killer.
Today I was late picking up my son from school
I can see your future, Mr. Ivers.
The Narrow Hallway
My new sixth form has a few... questionable rules.
Sarah.
Is someone fucking with me?
Innocence.
Rules for students at A-S Sixth Form Boarding.
I’m Piper
I have the power to pause time and move freely. I desperately need to know if anyone else has the same ability.
I’m Piper
Today I discovered where my clone came from. I think he might be in danger.
Strawberry Syrup
Stop, Shop, and Roll
Help, I can't go out from my bedroom [part 2]
Help, I can't go out from my bedroom [part 2]
The moon looks pretty tonight
Not a cloud
Something Stinks about the Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline restrooms
How my obsession with perfection ended human society
I had a dream last night, and I'm scared of what will happen
I found my real birth records.
Never Go Down Stairs At 3:00 am This Is Why
I witnessed my son do something terrible on Halloween
The Sarcophagus Underneath The Sands
My Perfect Family
The man in my house
A Twisted Game of Chess
I am nothing
Never-Ending Solitude
The Best Meal I Ever Had
My interesting relationship with a serial killer.
I bought a storage locker that contains a doorway to Hell. I know where The Three Princes are and I'm going to get them.
Little Handprints on the Mirror (Part 3)
Mini
Red
Red
Red
Roots
Clickbait!
I was paralyzed
help needed!!
don't walk at night
Smurfbin Discovered and Declassified.
There’s a face outside my window. It appears every night at 2:04 AM.
Parenting really does take everything out of you
I was raised a cannibal and didn't know it
Bad Dreams
The 9-eyed Spider
Johnny Bonzai's All-Night Barber Shop
He really shouldn't have robbed my flat
The All Night Barbershop (Part I)
The Sleeping Game
How my obsession with perfection ended human society
The Burning Wick
My grandmother left behind some really dark secrets.
No sleep
A Story on a Late Night
I woke up on the top floor of a large apartment building. I don't know who I am or how I got here. All I know is, everyone's killing each other. [Part 1]
I work the night shift at the shitty hotel in my nowhere town
Tape 13 (Warning: Triggers)
Order # 0001
I used to love eating at Dave's chicken hut. PART ONE
I'd like to apologize for something I posted here earlier.
I Spent A Year In an Underground Bunker
The Boiler Room
not only babies crawl
I explored an abandoned campus yesterday. something followed me home.
I am a whistleblower from the CIA
I’ve never been out of my room *revised*
Crybaby
Have You Ever Caught a Firefly?
last years Halloween
i ToOk A jOb At McDoNalDs I sHouLdNt have
I have never left my room
I visited Salem, Massachusetts with my girlfriend; something came back with us, something evil...
The Texts.
I’m 11 and have never seen outside my room
Belle Bosque Part III always wake before the nightmare ends. Warning: Graphic Violence
Off the Grid
Belle Bosque (Part II)
My school lockdown isn’t a drill.
Belle Bosque (Part II, added updates since it was too short before)
Manic
[Graphic Violence] I always wake before the nightmare ends.
The Parasite That Lives in a Mansion Part 1
you did it
you did it
Sleep Paralysis / Lucid Dream / Demon Haunting
I saw a white inexplicable light (part 2)
I think I finally figured out what's been killing me the last few years
The Grown Up Machine
Strange happenings in our flat!
There's Only 1 Exit to the Deepest Part of the Paris Catacombs
Infestatio
There's something living in my walls - Please Advise
I’m stuck in an endless train.
I’m stuck in an endless train.
Has anyone else heard of the running man?
My Boyfriend Converted Me To Satanism
There's a Phone Booth in the Woods
Bloodlust
what is the SCARIEST thing that has ever happened to you?
Not all box forts make you feel safe as a kid
I’m stuck in an endless train. (Repost)
My Boss’s Latest MLM Really Changed Me
Kicking the Hornet's Nest
The man on the corner of 8th street
Suppressed Statement Regarding the Death of Mitchell Avery
The Oak Tree
A Little Tributary off the Thames (Part three)
Something Different in my Six Years of Teaching (Part 1)
What spiders like to eat will make you sad
The Beast From The Blackness
no sleep YouTube series
I used to be part of a hacker group.. until I went where I shouldn't have
I Got an Emergency Disaster Warning At School (Final)
Something very weird happened last night (part 2)
When I was 13 I saw a ghost...
I found a letter on my way to work that I probably should not have read
Last month I realized my friend is an insomniac. And now we are on our way to Chernobyl.
The Crimson House (Part One)
Don't Drive Through The Sugar Cane Fields at Night
I fight ancient beings and I have some stories. (Part 2 of 3)
We All Fall Down (Part 1)
Report from an exploratory mission in rainforest of Southern America
I think I see ghosts - expect I don't think all of them were once people.
I used to clean houses for a living. This is why I quit.
Alternate ending
The Cabin
I fight Ancient being and i have some stories (Part 2,2)
The alternate ending ( true story)
The Husk of Insanity
I think something is stalking me
Bare Feet.
I found this strange anomalia on my photo, any idea what it could be..??
Down the rabbit hole
The Sand-Submerged Sarcophagus (Part 1)
Audio Log: //6 June, 2018// Missing Guided Missile Destroyer USS █ █ █ █ Last Contact: 23:09:28
I saw a girl in the window at my grandmas house
Guys, I think I live next to an occultist.
Real Estate
Tap Tap Tap
Fags took down my post
Elmo tried to rape me and forced me to tickle his dick
Weird experience in school
I took up a job as a night guard. I shouldn't have.
Fuzzy Slippers
Horror Trivia
I found a phone and I think I might get killed because of it.
They weren’t my neighbors. They were something... other.
Someone else is living in my house and they are trying to drive me crazy
How were the Souls Caught in Kaal's Trap
Something in my friends basement
There's more than owls and crickets
Dear Diary
The Girl with Heart Shaped Sunglasses
The sinners shall pay
She's Trying to Take My Son
The blood. Oh my god the blood.
I Hate Mornings
I co-wrote a real lost episode. Ask me anything.
Arachnophobia
The Neverglades Mysteries: "Family Plot"
10 years ago we heard someone die and now it's happened again.
A Simple Request from the Neighbours
To r/nosleep
The Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline is Under New Management
The man in my house
Night-time infestation
I found someone's phone and I think that person is here to kill me
My father's death was ruled as a "Medical Impossibility"
They call it a "Medical Impossibility"
My Hotel Has Spliders
Smiles, Parts 1-3
My father’s death was ruled a “Medical Impossibility”
Infestation
The sacrifices we must makeWhat i saw in the window of the spaceship is definitely not a moon (Part 1)
Anybody interested in the Occult? I have 2000 Books on Google Drvie. FREE
I think my neighbor is stalking my wife and I.
Anybody interested in the Occult? I have 2000 Books on Google Drvie. FREE
I have seen things.. scary things pt 2
Anybody interested in the Occult? I have 2000 Books on Google Drvie. FREE
The guy I'm into is being haunted by a demon [1]
The mysterious "T"
Has anyone else seen giant orbs float past the crack in their door?
Driveway Lights
I'm Being Consumed by Insects
I think the scariest thing of my life just happened
The new smell.
Who else has seen giant orbs through the crack of their door? - SERIOUS
I'm a guard stationed at a 'secret' government prison. (Part 8).
The record that burned down my house..
I wish I only had one sister
I wish I had only had one sister
The most memorable time I went to a strip club. It was memorable for the wrong reasons. (Part 1)
I hope you're ready.
Of Filthynasties and the Stairway to Heaven
Air base suicide ghost
Something doesn’t feel right.
How am I going to tell them?
Ignore me ai need to find the tag
Home alone.
I Survived Hell on Earth (Part 3)
He took my friend during her birthday surprise
The abandoned prison
I think my wife is not only gaslighting me but also using me to get back at her parents.
I can't sleep and I think it's going to kill me
Don't Play The Hangman Game (Part 4)
Lake Lucid Light - Sunset Sight (Theodore Allmand)
Spooktober! 31 Days of Horror Nosleep Event
I just started working the night shift at my university library. I found an envelope with rules that weren't in the employment manual. [Part 2]
I was stuck in the waiting room for three hours. Then I decided to take matters into my own hands.
Never buy antiques on the black market. You never know what demonic entities they may be hiding.
A demon broke into my house (Part 1)
I Love Bird Watching
...or is this my personal heaven? [PART 2]
I Love Bird Watching
I can't explain this... can you?
My mother is most likely a paranoid schizophrenic person and is breaking my family apart.
Randell Tuckers Deal with the Devil
If you see and ad for DreamReplay, don't buy it!
The girl of my dream
I'm a Sailor in the US Navy, We just found something real bad (PT 1)
My husband's things started to disappear from our house three years after his death
I'm a Sailor in the US Navy (We just found something real bad) PT 1
Unknown Dog
The reason I don’t house sit at my granddads mansion
We Almost Died Urban Exploring
An Alien Ship Landed In My Town. The World Is Going To End Very Soon.
My house has a demonic entity
Lucy
I just nod
I’m stuck on an endless train.
Voudou Chronicles I: “Orevwa”
The Slender Man - A homage to old creepypastas. Part one
The Seven Rooms (Part One)
A scar-hEE HEE story
Voudou Chronicles I: Orevwa
I got a Deep Web Job, today I became the best worker
Do Not Go into the Woods at Night!
Horror Trivia
I can't sleep anymore.
Sleep paralisys demon looked like my friend
Greg
The Lady
He took my friend during her birthday surprise
Just the boiler right?
He took my friend during her birthday surprise
The Hooded Being
Emotionless
The worst nightmare I’ve ever had has come back for me.
There are Unspeakable Creatures that roam the Midnight Desert
My boyfriend is not answering my notes
The Frat Party to End All Frat Parties, Or, Birds of a Feather
I Got an Emergency Disaster Warning At School (Part 6)
Late night sleepover..
My dog died on September 5th, 2019. I got rabies that same day.
The quiet kid that sits at the back of the class.
Something very weird happened last night
The Emotionless by H-Dimension
The people under the sea
From inside a human zoo
The Flashback
My creepy villa in Denmark
Chucky
I'm from the future, and it doesn't look good
Passenger Part 1
My house becomes awake at night... only when I am alone
The Narrow Hallway
Our Science Division Discovered that Our Universe is a Cell in a Massive Celestial Being. They know about us too.
A Stone Cube
The Narrow Hallway.
My friend lives in an abandoned house, and I'm trying to get him out of there.
The Lubbock Third Eye Experiments:
My last game of hide-and-seek went wrong, I'll never forget what happened after.
WishI encountered something deep in Jamul, CA...
How can anyone else do this?
There's a new star in the sky. A red star. Whatever you do, don't look for it.
Does anyone else have a memory of floating down the stairs as a kid?
She knows how you will die.
I live in a marsh, working as a crabber and a guide. Recently, things have gotten... weird pt 3
The Truth About the Gregori Kids
Who is She?
The Horror Attraction
The Horror Attraction,was Truely Horrifying
Origins
The Horror Attractions are much more real than expected
I have seen things.. scary things
"The Doctor is In" featured on this week's NoSleep Podcast!
Eco-Friendly
I Can't Fucking Die
I'm starting to become suspicious of my girlfriend. She's been acting strange lately.
I can predict things, sometimes.
The prison I’m in is a front for something far, far worse [part 1]
The prison I’m in is a front for something far, far worse [part 1: Education]
Need help finding the name of a story
The number of death
I can predict things, sometimes
Infinity
Infinity
Fingers scratches
On The Categorization of Undiscovered Species in the Tsingy de Bemaraha
...or is this my personal heaven? [PART 2]
Entering my teens nearly got me killed
the wait.
My Hotel Still Has a Thirteenth Floor
the wait.
I'm a PI. Something Weird's Been Happening In My Hometown (Part 4)
I can predict things, sometimes.
Help. I think he overdosed on Gayuma
I found a lump on my arm, now we're all going to die.
I started a new job as a hotel receptionist, now I'm stuck on an endless loop.
In The Stars
I got possesed in my dreams.
I started a YT channel where I read your scary stories!
You said it would be easy to get rid of a body (Part 1) Repost without flair
We Discovered a New Human Species in Mammoth Cave
I make masks, but not these recent ones
I know the whole truth
Someone was watching me for 170 minutes.
I encountered something deep in Jamul, CA...
Castle Cove Elementary - Beginning
I fear he's dead
That Night The Power Went Out
Just witnessed something that will keep me up tonight
Who is she
There's a skeleton in my neighbor's yard.
I encountered something deep in Jamul, CA...It knew my name
Crawling Nightmares [Part 3]
I called the cops already and reported him missing
The Secret of Mariana Gulch
You said it would be easy to get rid of a body (Part 2)
Lucy
In Your Neighbourhood? FAR More Likely Than You Think.
I witnessed my friends murder on his Snapchat story
The box we found the summer before high school
The monster that walks in daylight
Grandma's 911 Calls: The Roommate
Don't Play the Hangman Game (Part 3)
I work in an antique shop, and strange things are happening here... (Part 6)
I am stuck in a train.
Infinity
I’m stuck in a endless train.
The Ghost In Grandpa's Attic
Doctor Fearless
I can't explain this... can you?
A Little Tributary off the Thames (Part two)
The people under the sea
My childhood best friend became my mortal enemy
My Sister Loves Minions.
The Devil Wears White
I fell asleep on a plane.
My ghost twin
Fucked up people
Something's In The Water [Part 2]
I think im dreaming and I can't wake up
I tried to commit suicide [Part 3]
The thing in the corner.
Need scary stories to narrate plz
I recently found my missing Tulpa, I am now preparing to kill her.
We Interrupt You Yet Again - Three
I recently found my missing Tulpa, I am now preparing to kill her off.
We Interrupt You Yet Again
An Alien Ship Landed In My Town. Everyone Is Acting Like It Didn't.
Little Handprints on the Mirror (Part 2)
I saw a pitch black girl with blue eyes
I'm trapped in a pub. Please send help ASAP.
I'm trapped in a pub. Please send help ASAP.
I finally saw what the shadow in the corner of my eye was
I'm a cannibal, but I save lives.
I'm a magician, and I'm in need of my greatest escape act. [Part 10]
Under the Pillow (Little Handprints Pt 2)
Into the Trees Pt2: See Into the Dark
The Mocker (Part 2)
An Account of Strange Happenings Near Prominence, Colorado in 1878 - September 20th (FINALE)An Account of Strange Happenings Near Prominence, Colorado in 1878 - September 20th
The demon pound part 1
I started a new job as a hotel receptionist and I'm stuck on an endless loop.
Hi
the prince of hell stole my roommates soul.
Bait
I was Almost Killed by The Birch Beast.
See Into the Dark (Into the Trees 2)
The angel of death told me that not everyone gets an afterlife. You have to earn it.
I was Almost Killed by The Birch Beast.
Test
I should never have joined the Tri-State Paranormal Society (Part 2)
A scary story installing for lowes
I encountered the random stairs
My dreams are becoming reality
My dreams are becoming reality
Speedball
My dream could have been real...
My dreams are turning into reality
Be Careful when you are out Searching for Aliens in the Desert, you Might Find Something [Part 1]
My boyfriend was my first
I saw something that looked like my dog.
8 Days of Hell
My son died a year ago, but he won't stop crying for me to end the pain
three o four
Somehow I found my way to a new world, but it's not as friendly as it seems
Why I leave food in my room's corner
My “boyfriend” was my first satisfying experience
Musings on that sense of dread which is hard to verbalize and even harder to shake
Sleepy or not?
Dog Adoption: Dogs Aren’t Allowed in my Home Town. UPDATE
Rusty Strings
Sarah
"One, Two, Three"
Fugue
The Crows of Cookstown
Closet
My name is Indi Rhyder Pt.2
I can't explain it
The shadow
Please Help. I need advice on how water works. (Part 1)
The Transcript of the Mary Jane 9-1-1 Call
Help. My family is getting replaced.
I bought a storage locker that contains a doorway to Hell. I'm opening it.
Ghost town
I think my wife wants me gone
I bought a storage locker that contains a doorway to Hell. I'm opening it.
The Last Silver Letter
My "imaginary friend" came back, and I'm sure he isn't my friend
I bought a new iPhone off Ebay... it has all of my dead brother’s stuff on it.
Why I fear magicians
I just started working the night shift at my university library. I found an envelope with rules that weren't in the employment manual.
That One Time I Joined a Hypnotic Cult
Last Diary Entry of A Young Girl
Dear Ken
My childhood “imaginary friend” is a demon. (P2)
I think I am going to be accused of murdering my best friend.
Brother in arms
Need help or the things that have haunted me for years and changed me to who I am and hate.
Encounters through the years that have haunted me and changed me to who I am. Please help!
what did they summon?
Is this my personal hell... [PART 2]
I swear on my life
Incident in Quimper
Is this my personal hell... [PART 2]
Book Of Shadows
If you see a beautiful collie with the name tag Ollie, please return her to me
I wandered into the wrong town
A rainy night I'll never forget.
In the light, I saw the dark
There was a building in my hometown and no one knows what it was used for
Something Really Weird Happened At My Summer Camp P2
They Found Me
The Devil's greatest trick PART I
A Cat In The Dark
They Found Me
i woke up on my kitchen floor and everything is backwards.
My parents didn't believe me
Please Don’t Open The Door
There's Something Lurking in the Hot Springs, Pictures Included
a very unlikely rescue.
A Little Tributary off the Thames (Part one)
The Chronicles of Aydan &amp; Weebs - 9. Who Knows, What Evil
Why do people think I'm crazy?
Please Leave Native American Ruins Alone
Mr. Osrot33 Is Typing...
The Goodbye Boy and His Cat Named Dairy
SCP-2718
Don’t go in the double doors
Something's Wrong with the Gregori Kids
I Hate My New Apartment
I think my therapist is stalking me...
Mr. Ostor33 Is Typing...
The family curse ends with me
I think my therapist is stalking me...
I tried to commit suicide [Part 2]
I think my therapist is stalking me...
Tomatoes
I'm a Cryptozoologist. I think I've discovered a new species of Cryptid.
The Nightmare That is my Life.The Nightmare that is my Life.
I got a Deep Web Job, today I had a fight with a supernatural entity
The cries i heard were too familiar.
They aren’t in Area 51.
I think my therapist is stalking me
The cries that i heard in the forest were my mom's.
The Black Maw
Have you ever lived a situation so messed up that you thought your life was over?
I got a Deep Web Job, today my plan went wrong
My sleep paralysis boyfriend
I’m Sorry, Jon. It’s Not the Tools that are Evil, it’s Us.
Do You Remember Rutherford, Colorado? [Part Seven][Final]
My friend accidentally swallowed a piece of cursed costume jewelry
The Area around Lake Berryessa has a Terrible Secret.
Hat! Of! God!
𝐈 𝐤𝐞𝐞𝐩 𝐠𝐞𝐭𝐭𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐌𝐚𝐢𝐥 𝐟𝐫𝐨𝐦 𝐚𝐧 𝐮𝐧𝐤𝐧𝐨𝐰𝐧 𝐬𝐞𝐧𝐝𝐞𝐫
Something's In The Water
I am of my mother
It's been in the Sky for 5 Days, I think it's Watching us. (2)
The Granny Tree Is sentient and I think it's after me (PART 2)
Life is Literally A Simulation
You'll Know They're Coming When It's Cold
Steve Harvey is in my house...with a knife
FUCK this hospital! Part 2 of 2 (Finale)
Steve Harvey is in my house....with a knife
On a Halloween in 1958, the population of Crowsford went missing, and nothing was found but black sludge. This is my confession to what I did that night.
CLASSIFIED - SUBJECT 0261
Awesiaki: Chapter Six - Mahalia's confession - 1932
That little flashy keychain thingy
It's not just deja vu anymore.
Do You Remember Rutherford, Colorado? [Part Seven, Final]
The button eyed man
The Ghostly Husband
I'm a prisoner in an underground lab: even the scientists escaped (part 1)
The thing outside my window
We did it.
A school lockdown is happening. The intruder isn't human. [PART 2]
Accidental Dimensional Jump?
The Atlanta Broadcast Signal Intrustion
The Thing In My House
A school lockdown is happening. The intruder isn't human. [Part 2]
I have a friend
I have a friend
Hello, I’m Watcher. I have a message for you.
I bought a storage locker at an auction, I'm pretty sure it contains a doorway to Hell.
Smurfbin's Post history.
TIL A FULL KNEE REPLACEMENT AT 50
For sale: Pigs 600 pieces available.
I see feelings
For Sale: Pigs (600 pieces)
It's almost been a year since i could see feelings
It's not just deja vu anymore.
The streets are empty.
It's not just deja vu anymore.
Don't Play The Hangman Game (Part 2)
My childhood imaginary "friend" came back, and he isn't my friend
a scary night
You said it would be easy to get rid of a body (Part 2)
You said it would be easy to get rid of a body (Part 2)
Hello there, it's been awhile.
My gf was almost kidnapped or worst
A Shattered Life
I'm 34 and I'm affraid to wake up in the dark
Ice Cream
Theories on what happens to the soul of someone after dying?
I Didn't know what i was doing…..
The Night Shift
This Halfway House is Draining my Sanity
Sleep Journal
My Boyfriend Isn’t What I Thought
Cuilensville
A Devil on Sunday
The canvas
I have necrophobia. But I had to confront my fear to save the soul of a dead relative. Did I do the right thing?
Aliens all around
Is this my personal hell...
Manifest - Part 1
You're running.
...or is this my personal heaven?
My daddy likes to drink Kool-Aid
I woke up this morning and my hands weren't mine-- Part 2
Who Keeps Screaming During Fireguard?
CURRENTLY IN THE MIDDLE OF THE DESERT ABOUT TO RUN OUT IF GAS AND ITS GETTING DARK
Camp sleepaway
there’s something or someone in my grandmothers basement
Everyone in my office has gone crazy and started murdering each other.
I sometimes think of horrible things. A lot goes through my head, if I acted upon my thoughts I’d be dead.
Mr. Miller
I found a weird CD hidden in the wall. This is a transcription of its contents.
It’s not possible for someone to be in my house, I have a security system.
I Followed an Angel of Death and Read her Diary
Never get high inside your room
WOW!!!
Here I Am.. Inexistant
Snowman Family
I’m the monster who lives in your closet. And I just figured out everything. But I don’t even know if it was even worth it. (Final)
One Source of Light (Part 2)
Something's up with my coworker, and Layton is dying.
Them,
My sister and II shot a deer and now I’m being hunted
I See You
I was visited by some kind of being last night and I could really use some help
CLASSIFIED - SUBJECT 0261
Sandy
The stone gate ritual
[help] looking for a story
I don’t think it’s human
Only passenger.
I have a question?
I found an old letter my Great-Great Grandfather wrote. What it contains is inexplicable and terrifying.
With care, m.s
I've seen something from another reality; it knows we exist now.
I applied for a Deep Web Job, I don't think I'm the first
I live in a marsh, working as a crabber and guide. Recently, things have gotten... weird Pt 2
A school lockdown is happening. The intruder isn't human. PART 2
There was something in my backyard
I don't smoke
Never ignore the T&amp;C.
The Black Hound in Afghanistan.
Welcome to the Void, want anything?
Life in misery still life
I got a call from myself. I think I'm going to ruin my own life.
The Isolation Journal - Entry #01
Nothing... just me
The Last Road Trip. Part 3 of 3.
Nothing... Just me
Tales from the town I grew up in (Part 1)
Idk what to do anymore, just make them stop.
Hey, my friend is stuck in this spooky house, what do I do? (Part 1.)
Idk what to do anymore...
It's been in the sky for 5 days, I think it's watching us.
My friend is trapped in this weird spooky house, what should I do? (Part 1.)
I’ll Always Love June
I tried to commit suicide
Every relationship I'm in ends badly
Life in misery still life
The Things I Should Not Know, a monologue
The Blue Eyes Conspiracy Theory
Haunted group therapy
Do You Remember Rutherford, Colorado? [Part Six]
Haunted group therapy
Project "Lydiya"
I’m a Corporate Spy at Brighter Futures and I have some stories to tell
Haunted Group Therapy (Self Harm Warning)
THEY’RE NOT HERE FOR ME
A Red Trail Home
SCP-8184
I should never have joined the Tri-State Paranormal Society (Part 1)
Summer camp demon?
The Man Called Daffodil
Gifts from Beyond the Grave.
Do me a favor. Kill the next missionary you meet.
Tales from Louisiana
The Woodsman
A school lockdown is happening. The intruder isn't human.
When I worked nights
The darkness From My Youth
Selfsame Son
When I worked nights
Bunker Maze
I think The Granny Tree is sentient
I'm a PI. Something Weird's Been Happening In My Hometown (Part 3)
I think there is something wrong with my family.
The Fairy Door- [Update]
What’s the scariest internet story you read as a kid?
You said it would be easy to get rid of a body.
You said it would be easy to get rid of a body.
It is coming and we may not survive
I think I did something terrible while drunk last night
A College Confessional
No sleep...literally
The Council Of Nine
No sleep...literally
The Council Of Nine
There was a town I cannot name from a commercial I only saw once.
The Council Of Nine. (Chapter One)
An inter-dimensional window part 2
Alaskan Guide, Trapper, and Monster Hunter. Part 2
The Spirits of Yuriria, Pt. 1
"You can't protect them."
Somethings not right.
I am George Bruce. I am George Bruce.
My Dreams Won't Let Go
they call me a monster
Tinka Tocka Man
They call me a monster (trigger warning violence, sex assault, necrophilia and cannibalism)
I woke up this morning and my hands weren't mine.
I walked into an abandoned laundromat. When I tried to use the dryer, a corpse popped out.
Bleeding Gums
I’m a vigilante online predator hunter, and I can’t explain the bizarre things that happened last night
deer in the headlights
My Foundation Was Unstable, And Here's Why
Don't Play The Hangman Game (Part 1)
There He Is
I'm in rehab and a strange man came to "inspect" me...I don't know what's going on
I know what happened to Mabel Fenter , I wish I didn’t
I got my eyes back at a farmers market
I got my eyes back at a farmers market
Help finding something.I’m the monster who lives in your closet. And I just figured out everything. But I’m not sure if it was even worth it. (Final)
"Řůñåwąý" part 1
I fell asleep on an airplane. I don't know where I am.
My wife wears a strange medallion. It seems hungrier than usual. - UPDATE
The Other Half
I'm Being Haunted By an Unborn Child
My brother had been hiding things from us
Kat's Meow
The Lonely Linden
-.- .. .-.. .-.. - …. . -- .- .-.. .-.. … - . …- . -.
Dont Believe The Voices
The symptoms
Three Nights Ago I Tried To Commit Suicide, I Keep On Trying But I Just Can't Seem To Die
It's the Routine that Kills us All
Shady
I have 99 days left to live.
The Crimson Bar (Part One)
My breakup led to me leaving this dimension
All Barns Are Haunted
Gifts from beyond the grave.
My God. What have I done?
Where do the flies come from
I was almost Abducted
Contrary to Popular Belief You Don't Have To Wait 24 Hours To File A Missing Persons Report
Ghost just wanted to play jenga
A Mind of a Mad Being
Screaming baby skeleton
I was almost abducted
Ghost just wanted to play jenga
Birthday Breakfast
I'm a magician, and I'm in need of my greatest escape act. [Part 9]
Watch this video to not sleep today.
I don't think I'm going to survive my Deep Web Job
I don't think I'm going to survive my Deep Web Job
August Contest Nominations
I don't think I'm going to survive my Deep Web Job
I don't think I'm going to survive my Deep Web Job
I don't think I'm going to survive my Deep Web Job
Don't do jobs off the Deep Web [Part 2]
Don't do jobs off the Deep Web [Part 2]
The eyes that prey on you
I got a new little Brother!
I live on a farm out in the sticks. There are some strange creatures roaming our patch of land. [7]
Someone Has Been Trying To Kill me for a year. Now I know why. (Part 2)
The Woods [Part One]
Someone has been trying to kill me for a year. Now I know why. Down the rabbit hole. (Parts 2 and 3)
5 knocks at the door
The house down the road.
Ghost encounter?
5 knocks at the door
The Sound of Madness
The Woodsman
I was finally told about the town's myth, but I still have questions.
Project-SE17 (Part 1)
A school lockdown is happening right now. I don't think the intruder is human.
The Pit Stop
I was born
I'm a security guard hired to protect an estate, The forest has eyes [Part 8]
DO NOT TAKE VALSCERIUM. DO NOT TAKE VALSCERIUM. DO NOT TAKE VALSCERIUM.
I found my dad's suicide letter, ten years later he still alive - Part 3 Final
Stonebridge Cemetery chapter 2
Shadow people
The Forest
The Blue Eyes Conspiracy Theory
A nightmare of Other Earth (prelude)
There's a sound in my dreams and I don't want it to stop
I Stayed in a Lighthouse Overnight
I Woke Up On a Strange Island.. Where Am I?
Chad.avi
Do You Remember Rutherford, Colorado? [Part Five]
There’s this girls scout group that I’ve signed up for, and I think they’re lying about what they put into their cookies...
Does anyone knows about the midnight club series?
I thought my son’s fourth grade teacher was abusing him. The truth was so much worse.
A man in the reflection
A Nightmare of the Other Earth (prelude)
Revenge of the Moths
A person. And our adventures.
I Think I Left The Tap Running At Home
the old man in the forest
This one talks about how cruelly and horrifically humans cause harm to me and how i feel about it...
See guys i have just started writing a few deep poems.. this is my first one....
The Grinning Man
It’s Always Thursday here at Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline
FUCK this hospital! Part 1 of 2
WHO WAS THAT?
Happy Anniversary
A Demon tried to kill me once, now I hunt down demons (Part 12) Final
The Wooden Box Never Opened
aluminium-doors-and-windows-manufacturers-in-delhi
This Man
Do you feel the tingles too?
Do you feel the tingling?
I can't stop hiding under the covers of my bed at night, even after 15 years.
I can't stop sleeping with my head under the covers, even after 15 years.
Can't Stop, Don't Want To Either.
All Along The Watchtower
The Trade
Was this just my imagination?
Does anyone know what a feather on the doormat means?
Someone has been trying to kill me for a year. Now I know why. Down the rabbit holeMy Mother's Demon
Revenge of the Moths
Amber Alert
If it's raining outside and it doesn't make a sound, don't go outside. Don't walk into the light. And most importantly, don't let the door shut behind you.
A haunted house appeared on my street last Halloween, and it's freaking me out.
I thought the stray cat I found was a good luck charm. But then my life turned into a game of chance.
My friend and I were exploring an abandoned shack, but he never came back...
The Army Has More Devils Than You Know
I Can Finally Make A Left Turn
I live in a marsh, working as a crabber and guide. Recently things have gotten... weird
I Can Still Smell Their Burning Flesh
Semantic Satiation (Part 1)
If a medicine man tells you that you should move, move and move fast
This screaming kid is ruining our meal, but we can't leave the restaurant
Why are we afraid of death?
I must be passively imagining these things
I got on the wrong bus and I think I'll die here
The last Halloween party I ever went to.
The voices in my head
I live in a society of monsters and I think I have became one of them
Don't look at the man wrapped in plastic
Two Nights in Ricker Basin
Autumn
Remembering Things From My Childhood That I Forgot
I work inside a CDC quarantine
Late loner night
Maybe Dreams Can Come True...
One Source of Light
There's Someone in the Kitchen
The Weather Never Changes
The Six and the Seen
My brothers imaginy friend is giving me very real anxiety
Pigface - Mass Hysteria
Into the Trees
Just, air raid
What happened after my Deep Web Job
Don't do jobs off the Deep Web Update
Crappy horror by a disturbed 11yo.. Part 1.
Don't do jobs of the Deep Web Update
When The Sea Came In
I See Monsters Everywhere, I Had to do Something About it
My Dead Girlfriend Ellen Keeps Telling Me She Wants Us To Have A Baby
The Aengabite Inn
The problem with earworms
Yesterday I found a glowing portal in my bathroom. Today I'm lost.
The problem with ear worms
Sweater Weather.
I investigate disasters for the NTSB.
It started with the knocks
I Resurrected My Father
In The Deep of Aevir
The Lucidity Experiment
Don't do jobs off the Deep Web
I live in a marsh, working as a crabber and guide. Recently, things have gotten... weird.
Down in the Wokonese Forest it lies.. Part 1.
I work the ER Department Night Shift, and this is some of the weird shit I’ve seen...
The problem with earwigs
I found my dad's suicide letter, ten years later he still alive - Part 3 Final
Colonia
Fear Me
A Gift From the Far Realm
Someone Has Been Trying To Kill Me For a Year. Now I Know Why. (Part 2)
There's Something Following My Family and I
Someone Has Been Trying To Kill Me For A Year. Now I Know Why. (Down The Rabbit Hole)
Don't attend Swedish private schools
Help me, I'm stuck in the rubble.
I am finding diseases that have my own name
I keep hearing and seeing an emergancy broadcast that no one else can (2 [again])
My reflection was consumed.
That Time We Couldn't Sleep, Because My Daughter Can See Ghosts
A Gift From the Far Realm.
Do You Remember Rutherford, Colorado? [Part Four]
I Got an Emergency Disaster Warning At School (Part 5)
The Death Mask
Summoning Him
Something has escaped
Summoning Him
Summoning Belial
Summoning Belial
Cactus Jacks Tex Mex Grill
Please Stay Awake
Help, I can't go out from my bedroom
the story of the boy
July Contest Voting Thread
Did there’s this mirror...
A Story From a Small Town
I'm a PI. Something Weird's Been Happening In My Hometown (Part 2)
I witnessed something terrifying during the last Mardi Gras
Are there creepy pastas / no sleep stories available to listen to on Amazon Music?
See you soon
Hosting procEss compLete. sPread commencing
School scares me
I'm not here to be questioned, I simply can't keep a secret.
Hosting procEss compLete. sPread commencing
Don't go to a private school in Sweden!
I work at a Facebook data center and something is going on in our basement.
Returned from a weird op.
The Recovered Last Video of Peter Jameson - An Audio Transcription
I was secretly at my brothers 2nd birthday party but I'm not born yet and is 2 years younger than my brother
I’ve worked At a “special” hospital for twenty years ( part 1 )I Still Remember You On The 9th Anniversary [Final]
ANOCHECER
Little Lizzy Faulkner
I can't move or see anymore, and it's really cold.
When you commit a crime bad enough, they don't send you to prison; they send you to space camp. (Part 1)
The Wicker Saga: The Song of Joy, Part 9
Like father, like son.
The Means to an End.
A Huge Storm Swept Through My Town A Week Ago. It Never Stopped Raining, Pictures Included
A Huge Storm Swept Through My Town a Week Ago. The Only Problem is it Never Stopped Raining, Pictures Included
Why I'm Drinking Myself to Death
Why Runoff Rapids at Disney World really shut down...
All the Times
The thing in my room
My little sister's wedding - Part 3 (Final)
I'm not strong enough. Hopefully you are.
Creepy nightime dog walking encounter
I found a £50 note under my pillow this morning.
I was really struggling with writing on here, then I learned this little trick
The man in the winter jacket
DO NOT look at the demon meme
I found a £50 note under my pillow this morning.
New Valley Mental Asylum Awareness Project: Snake in the Grass
The Hat Man
A Conversation With Myself I'd Rather Forget
The Hat Man.
The Poofy Jacket
An animatronic tree told me what I shouldn't have known
My wife came back from the dead to comfort me.
Children of the Black Lotus
There’s something in the moonshine
This screaming kid is ruining our meal, but we can't leave the restaurant
Hotels get some odd visitors during vacation season, but the man from Hell had to take the cake
Mystery box (Needed)
My classmates keep disappearing, and now it's my turn.
Need help identifying some weird plants I inherited when my mom died. Advice Wanted!
My wife wears a strange medallion. It seems hungrier than usual.
The Last Man on Earth
I was left to die in the forest. What I saw will haunt me forever
They left me to die in the forest. Something terrible followed me back
Pokémon Go
My classmates keep disappearing, and now it's my turn
CRU - The Cryptid Re-habitation Unit
My girlfriend was born a demon.. and is with me always..
Don’t forget the Rolaids!
That Night in Midtown
Someday, we'll be happy
I woke up this morning without my hiking boots on. I will be dead within 36 hours.
Adam
Don't raise your hand in class. Please .
KING
I spent the night at an old friend’s house and I thought I would never make it home.
I think I chose the wrong path today
We are god , and it's hell.
I witnessd something last night that I can't explain
I work in a biosafety level 3 laboratory
Is my life a lie?
Dead Zones
Spoiled Rotten
Unexplained stories
I know this isn't eczema, I'm finding out tonight. UPDATE
I know this isn't eczema, I'm finding out tonight.
I know this isn't eczema, I'm finding out tonight. UPDATE
Doom of the civilization: This is what we asked for - Intro
The camping trip.
...
God's Kugelblitz, why the stars disappeared.
Lady Dragora
Possible Skinwalker/Wendigo Encounter
My missing little sister is back, but only my little girl can see her....
My little brother has the ability to wield fire. He burns parts of my body to keep me in line. (Part 1)
The Mocker (Part 1)
I think my mom is planning to kill me on my eighteenth birthday (Part 3)
The Root of my Pain
A student left this on my desk
It can see everything
The What If Man
Yesterday, I found a little girl crying at my door. I let her in.
I rode a haunted elevator and saw something terrifying.
The Silencer
The Forest of a Thousand Wrong Turns (Part 2)
The supernatural doesn't exist, gods do.
A loved one tried committing suicide last night.
Creepy, unexplainable things keep happening on my terrace...
An Account of Strange Happenings Near Prominence, Colorado in 1878 - September 17th
It's just The Pipes
Do You Remember Rutherford, Colorado? [Part Three]
I keep hearing and seeing and emergancy brocast that no one else can (2)
What was Samantha Long?
The pyramids weren’t built for the pharaohs. They were built to keep the darkness hidden away.
He forced me to post this...
The Experiment (1)
I keep hearing and seeing and emergancy broad cast that no one else can (2)
I Can Still Smell Their Burning Flesh
An elderly woman told me the worst thing she's ever done.
I can't deliver this pizza. (Pt.3)
THE LETTER FROM MY DEAD FATHER
If you see an ad for DreamBody, ignore it
I need you (to tell me spooky stories)
Her dollThe second one was the most amazing one in my mind and it is so much better
I “borrowed” somebody’s old tv, now I want to return it. But I can’t.
Statement concerning the disappearance and apparent murder of Georgie Coleman
Statement concerning the disappearance and apparent murder of Georgie Coleman
I dream the future.
Guiding Light
Today was a good day.
The Fairy Door
The man in the kitsune mask
My grandparents are really bad people (part 3) FINALE
The Fiend of Benson Canal - Part 1 of 3
The Fiend of Benson Canal (Part 1/3)
The Fiend of Benson Canal (Part 1 of 3)
The Fiend of Benson Canal (1/3)
The Fiend of Benson Canal
The Fiend of Benson Canal
The house
Jane
I Still Remember You On The 9th Anniversary [Part 1]
I am currently stuck in the past
The Facts Concerning Constantine Sinclair
I watched my best friend get killed
Whistleblow me
It Won't Stop
I Almost Died. Now I'm Haunted Every Waking Moment
Lost and Found
I spent 4 days in a mental hospital
We Are The Bermuda
My only Haven is this screen.
Help me
Someone has been trying to kill me for a year. Now i know why
HELP ME
The lowest you've every been in your life
My brother in law was followed while out small game hunting
In the Forrest Ahead
I put a buck out of its misery, but picked up my own
I know this isn't eczema, I'm finding out tonight. UPDATE
Mason's End
The Soviet Union never wanted anyone to know what really happened during Project Atlantis. I was part of the Project, and there's a reason we do not go back under the ocean. Part 6. Finale
I think the thing I saw in the woods followed me home.
The Soviet Union never wanted anyone to know what really happened during Project Atlantis. I was part of the Project, and there's a reason we do not go back under the ocean. Part 6. Finale
The Vietnamese Had a Secret Weapon. We Never Stood a Chance.
It’s been over 96 hours
I can see the reflection in my screen
The Slaughter Pen
And so, as I drifted off into the warm embrace of slumber, the shocking realisation hit me
My daughters last words
The odd behavior of Mrs. Burdow
I saw something in the woods of Jersey
The House that reaches Null.
I know this isn't eczema, I'm finding out tonight. (Part two) UPDATE
My First Time
The nights that followed forever pt 1
I'm a military sergeant, and my team and I are in serious trouble.
A Real Life Story That Still Scares Me To This Day
Ms. Burrowicz
A Stranger To Fear
My classmates keep disappearing, and I think it has something to do with the New Kid
The Ringing
Read This On Own Risk
I keep hearing and seeing an emergancy broadcast that no one else can (2)
The Night Before the Worst Day of my Life, I Had a Nightmare. Was it a premonition?
Never go through the back door at a full moon on a Friday (part 1)
There Always a Bigger Fish
My Sister's Death Was a Miracle
I'm a magician, and I'm in need of my greatest escape act. [Part 8]
Waking up to wanting sleep
Did you hear that?
My grandparents are really bad people (part 3 - finale)
I stole my neighbour’s dog after I saw him abusing it, but now I’m scared he’s coming after me
I've experienced horrifying things, but have repressed them.
Forgotten Time
The Man in the Tree
I stole a pair of handcuffs. Now every time I wake up, I see something horrible.
The Panting
Read This On Own Risk
The odd behavior of Mrs. Burdow
New Valley Mental Asylum Awareness Project: Fool's Ballad
All I see is shrimp.
Crawling Nightmares [Part 2]
Freddie the ghost
I wrote a letter and now I'll suffer forever
I can't deliver this pizza. (final update, Pt. 1)
The odd behavior of Mrs. Burdow
Barcelona’s Sagrada Familia Isn’t a Church. It’s a Prison.
The Forest of a Thousand Wrong Turns
I never walk my dog at night anymore
I thought my life was over when my girlfriend died
I have a monster, he visits me in the dark.
I'm too scared to walk my dog at night now
The Hospital Morgue
Do You Remember Rutherford, Colorado? [Part Two]
It was in the walls.
The Trunk at the Foot of the Stairs
To Become Whole
Peripheral
I keep hearing and seeing an emergency broadcast that no one else can
Family Dinner
The Cake Day
I'm a PI. Something Weird's Been Happening In My HometownThe God Farm (Part 3)
A strange occurrence in the woods
How I learned to stop worrying and love this fucked up world
I'm a PI. Something Weird's Been Happening In My Hometown
Have you heard of the game "Bitlife"?
I work as a security guard for a company that takes jobs no one else will [Part 7]
Waiting to Wake
Bizarre things from 55 Gypsy LN
(Update #2) I Used to Watch A Show Called "Let's Talk About Mr.Clock"
Waiting to Wake
I Had This Awkward Feeling It Would Stop.
ANOCHECER III
These Death Row Inmates Just Won't Die
Pokemon Go Home
I didn't like our local thrift store as a kid
Down In The Depths
Just some guys having a bit of fun
Yesterday I went to sleep in my bed, Today i woke up somewhere else. [Part 1]
Little Handprints on the Mirror
Little Handprints on the Mirror
The Token Game: The Gun and The Knife
The Sisters of House Omega
The Disney demon ritual
Don’t face mirrors towards your bed
What Happened?
I think my house is haunted but no one believes me
my girlfriend went missing a year ago.
So i couldn't really sleep
I thought my daughter had disappeared.
I wish this was a dream
I encountered something that could’ve killed me(true)
Help please, I’m stuck inside my bully’s phone!
scam calls have really gotten bad lately, and we are all in danger
The screaming from the abandoned house.
Nightmares
Climate change really is a hoax.
I think my dead grandpa is my guardian angel
An Expensive Trick
Mary
That's classified
Abusive friend
The mud men
I encountered something in the woods
What happened shocks me to this day.
An Account of Strange Happenings Near Prominence, Colorado in 1878 - September 10th and 11th
The School's Basement
Scary stuff at 11pm
Will You Remember Me?
In the night she chases
Scary stuff at 11pm
A Gentle House
Tonight she chases
I just ordered a pizza
Riverview Mental Hospital Coquitlam BC ABUSE
I just ordered a pizza
The Dweller from Below.
Boarding School in Mill Beach, Washington is Different
Shapes
It's 9:20 in the morning.
Shapes.
There's something in my closet.
Don't be fooled by climate change. It's made up.
"Letters"
Don't be fooled by climate change, its all a hoax
The taxi revelation
Warning: You are most likely surrounded by demons.
For You, Justin
"Letters" (REVISED)
Something is playing basketball with us.
A ticket out of hell
I was a first responder to the 9/11 attacks. What I saw wasn't what I expected.
I saw something in the woods of New Jersey
I found something on the ground. I should have left it there.
I hate it when my brother Charlie has to go away.
help me look for this story
The Pit (Part 6)
My Girlfriend and I Went Camping. We Will Never Be the Same.
Made a poem,hope it's good,all the stuff at the end is just to make word count,didn't want to drag it out and ruin it.
My Girlfriend and I Went Camping. Something Came Back with Us.
I found my dad's suicide letter, ten years later he still alive - Part 2
Time Has No Patent
Our town was been given the warning for a major storm, but there’s something worse.
A moment of weakness turned me into both prey and hunter.
My grandparents are really bad people (part 2) UPDATE
Smile
I Got an Emergency Disaster Warning At School (Part 4)
I'm Michael Crane, the boy who disappeared 15 years ago
Creepy Cursed Photoghasts
Epshot
My name is Indi Rhyder
Sad suicide story
I Woke Up in a Horror Story
Roachtown, Illinois
Up North
Was one eye better than two? (Part 3)
I have Catoptrophobia. A phobia of mirrors
Just Beneath the Surface
My brother discovered a new way to walk, and something went horribly wrong.
The thing that used to live under my bed
My parents have changed and not in a good wayThe thing that used to live under my bed (100% true story)
I stay away from the forests for a reason
YOUR Scary Stories Featured
Do You Remember Rutherford, Colorado? [Part One]
I parents have changed and not in a good way
Afterclass.
The Road Kill on Rabbits Run Road
I know this isn't eczema, I'm finding out tonight.
I don't feel..."right."
The boy in the black sweatshirt
I don't feel..."right."
The girl who spoke with moths
An Expensive Trick
I’m a deep-sea biologist who’s currently working on a scientific research vessel out in the Pacific Ocean. I think we woke something up.
Good thing I was tired.
I can't deliver this pizza (Pt. 2)
I had a weird dream and after two weeks I am still afraid of it
My neighbourhood has turned into a "horror-hood"
My neighbourhood has turned into a place of horror
The Lurking Dread of Malus Bay
You’d think it’s a fun job, in food and beverage
Don't stop running
where have they gone?
The math teacher
Daughter of Lycan Clan
My Neighbors Son was the Antichrist
Something in the Water
Storms.
8ft tall
Don't Go There At Night
Don't Go There At Night [X-Post r/ShortScaryStories]
Some poetry I wrote ,hope you like it
The Oven
My grandparents are really bad people (part 2) UPDATE
ANOCHECER II
The Man in White
I used to work nights
I used to work nights
The Wichita Werewolf
I Found a Dark and Lonely Road
Our daughters new friend
Our daughter's new friend
Our Daughter's new friend
Cassandra
We Miss You
The Shadow
I think my mom is planning to kill me on my eighteenth birthday (Part 2)
My Favorite Family Recipie
ANOCHECER II
Uknown Species of Fly
I woke up in the woods
Delicious Family Recipe!
I woke up in the woods
It's been 7 years since my friend died, police still don't know how.
Aftertaste
[Update] The Black Pills Part 10
can someone explain this.
UNKNOWN VOICE FROM THE BASEMENT
Life isn't as good
My Friends and I Visited a Graveyard. We're Never Returning.
My Friends and I Visited a Graveyard. We Think.
I have a question
I'm a Hollywood head hunter. I went in search of a beautiful actress.
I went to an abandoned house on halloween
Crawling Nightmares
The Gray
We found Atlantis
I Remember You On The 9th Anniversary [Part 1]
A Gentle House
When I was a kid, my best friend Michael went missing
Home is where the heart is
I Remember You On The 9th Anniversary [PART 2]
Santa Clause Was Real
A Cat In The Dark
I Remember You On The 9th Anniversary [PART 1]
They sound like echoes
Hunger
The time I went to an abandon house on Halloween.
I can see stains on people that nobody else can see
There Was Someone Underneath My Bed
Paradise
The Laughter in the Woods
Home is where the heart is
Siren song
I Saw my Friend's Double Before she Died.
Help please!!!! What is this??
Kids have been seeing big black birds in the sky again
Please, anyone, can you read this? (Part 973)
I saw something I wasn't supposed to see and now it's watching me
My girlfriend hit a “deer” on our way home.
Please, anyone, can you read this? (Part 1,073)
Please, anyone, can you read this? (Part 1,072)
I saw something I wasn't supposed to
Please, anyone, can you read this? (Part 1,072)
What is the most frightening thing you have experienced in prison?
I can't deliver this pizza. (Pt. 2)
The Other Woman
The Sleep Control Corporation
Is This Guy Crazy?
I can't deliver this pizza (Pt. 2)Something weird happened while I was camping
Illinois Killings
My Encounter With a Mass Murderer
D-Day....
The Siren Head
Strange Nightmare I had...
The Soviet Union never wanted anyone to know what really happened during Project Atlantis. I was part of the Project, and there's a reason we do not go back under the ocean. Part 5.
The Siren Head
Tell me a Story - Conclusion
Advice From a Devil Called Kingsley
My girlfriend hit a “deer” on the way home
Siren song
The Spooks [Part 3]
A man in my house that wasn't ever there
Under the Bed
September 20th
A man inside my house that was never there
True Story
My grandparents are really bad people (part 2) UPDATE
I saw a ghost of my brother, but he's alive
Adam Anthonyson
Area 51 is Under Attack
12 Years Ago My Brother Died, And It Wasn't Animals That Got Him [Part 2]
My name is Indi Rhyder
A Big, Wet Hole
I work in an antique shop, and strange things are happening here... (Part 5)
My grandparents are really bad people (part 2) UPDATE
My Little Sister's Wedding (Part 1)
My Grandpa Turned to Religion After My Grandma's Death, I Don't Think It Was The Right One
I can't deliver this pizza.
Or so the rumour goes...
I am not normal...(Creepy-Pasta
My Neighbor's Tornado Shelter
A Demon tried to kill me once, now I hunt down demons (Part 11)
There's something wrong with the dead
Our peace is broken, now we’re in a war that can’t be undone.
Stairs
My grandparents are really bad people (part 1)
An Account of Strange Happenings Near Prominence, Colorado in 1878 - September 9th
The Whales of the Well
The night I stayed at Motel 523
ANOCHECER I
I'm an overnight caregiver pt1
A Small-town's Killings
The Gray
I live through the final days of others.
Beautiful Bride
The following night
The Burger Stand
The Blind Live Long
There's someone standing outside my apartment, part 3
We’re Trapped in a Purgatory Full of Glitches and It’s Terrifying As Hell
The Ultimate Dad Joke
Don’t go shaking hands on trails
I did the elevator game and it went completely different from what I expected.
I got a ride from someone with no regret.
I tried the elevator ritual and it went horrifically wrong.
The cartoon grin (part one)
Hells Gatekeeper part 2
I got into a car with someone who has no regret.
I belong to the river
Hells Gatekeeper part 2
Hells Gatekeeper part 2
That middle-of-night insomnia
I was in HR for a cryptocurrency company. Now I have to disappear
My name is Annabelle Graves. Hell walks the Earth on Halloween - The Samhain Tree
The Hottest Pepper You'll Eat.
Welcome To Maryland High.
I tried to kill my lover but I don’t think it worked
So I might have met a ghost...but that's not the scary part.
Gramma's Teeth
I used to work in a cloning facility.
The Carousel
Two sentence horror story
Just leave me alone
The door in the forest
The Spooks [Part 3]
He wanted her heart
I talked to a haunted toy motorcycle
The Spooks (Part III)
An Account of Strange Happenings Near Prominence, Colorado in 1878 - September 9th
Gramma's Teeth
Zoo, Part 1
My Japanese Grandparents' Home
Zoo, Part 1 (NSFW)
Overthinking
"I just want to see her eyes"
I'm a magician, and I'm in need of my greatest escape act. [Part 7]
I’m Being Eaten To Death By An Infectious Flesh-Eating Creature
“The Woman in Room 406” [part 3] [finale]
The Day I Angered Something
Why I Refuse to Miss Sleep
New Valley Mental Asylum Awareness Project: Shadow of Doubt
The Fifth Fundamental Force
An old man lived in my basement. He kept canaries in cages and talked about the secret to life after death.
Hound for the Undying
Hell's Dance: The Story of Michael Part 2 *Trigger Warning, Graphic/Disturbing Content*
The Sunlight Ghost of September - Last Part
What I Found In My Neighbor's Basement
My Fiancée has photos of me that I've never seen before. (Part Two)My Last Days Living With An Infectious Monster as I feel it Eat Away at My Brain
A Demon Possessed Me For Most Of My Life And I want Him Back.
My Last Five Days Alive As a Flesh-Eating Monster Grows Inside My Brain
Obsession
I fight ancient beings and I have some stories.(Part 2.1)
The demon of glutony
I met my D&amp;D character and he said some pretty weird stuff
My Little Sister's Wedding (Part 1)
42 days.
File 1: Blight town
I Won't Eat Kids
I am a reporter working at the Area 51 raid
I’m being bullied at school by a two-faced girl but no one will take me seriously
Almost all paranormal experience in my life
Found Journal #1
My best friends last email
Bad Blood
12 Years Ago My Brother Died, And It Wasn't Animals That Got Him [Part 1]
I'm a werewolf, and I'm afraid of my human girlfriend
Two Strangers in a Cabin
The Best 100 Seconds of Your Life
almost all paranormal things happened in my life
My Girlfriend was born a demon... I never had a chance...
I woke up in my room with a massive headache and a mess of chaotic memories.
I'm a security guard hired to protect an estate, The forest has eyes [Part 7]
i saw an alien in my house
When I was a child, my friend and I found a hole in the wall. (UPDATE)
A "haunted" place
the spoo0oky goast man!!!!!!
I Miss The Demon Who Possesed Me
June contest winners!
I work as a security guard for a company that takes jobs no one else will [Part 6]
The man who knew infinity.
Grandma vs Giant Spider
Cartoon grin (part 1)
My little sister's wedding (Part 2)
If You See a Tree with a Face, Run
My father and I created a device that warps reality. It's... been a rough night. (Part 6)(Finale)
I can't use the bathroom at night sometimes
Working With the Universe
I had a test today
Catalina, I Love You
Do I call the police, or kill someone?
I Believed My Neighbour Was Sick, But I May Have Been Wrong
An Account of Strange Happenings Near Prominence, Colorado in 1878 - September 8th
Demon in you.
"Wait what? That's our house!"
My best friend from Junior High was relentlessly bullied by a girl. She got her revenge, but in a twisted way that still haunts me.
During one of life's most precious and coveted hours of the day, the lunch break during work, My coworker once said, "I don't know how much longer I can take this," venting her pain and frustrations about our Boss.
The man
I Moved to the Suburbs About a Month Ago
Demons inside of you
Who is here to sleep comfortably with plush monsters in a real pile?
The Nightmare
I was sent a strange video the other day.
Haunted Lab
This happened yesterday
The Top Hat Man
Gas
Creepy neighbor
Tell me a Story - A Really dumb kid and his equally stupid family PT2 Conclusion
I investigate shady financial transactions, and I need to warn you about a product called Natural Magick
A Shadow of a Man (part 1)
The Basement
The odd thing i saw in the sky.
Tell me a story - A girl and a Demon PT1
I'm here to share the most scared I've ever been.
I Killed My Best Friend.
The top hat man and family
Something's in my basement
The Woman In White
I went on a campout and now my friend is acting weird.
Unfounded
The Woman In White
Unfounded (First Post)
Creepy woman
My sister's husband died 2 years ago, her 12 year old daughter saw him last night
Unfounded
Unfounded
The following night
The Dreamers of sin
My ex girlfriend ghosted me
The following night
The Dream We Are
The Soviet Union never wanted anyone to know what really happened during Project Atlantis. I was part of the Project, and there's a reason we do not go back under the ocean. Part 5.
I met a weird kid
What would happen if I picked up this knife and stabbed you right now?
Help I'm being stalked by botnets and I don't know what to do to get rid of them.
Help I'm being stalked by bots that aim at everything I post just to make sure that nobody can see anything that I am saying.
A Warning for anyone in Las Vegas
Or so the story goes...
My little sister's wedding (Part 2)
Have you ever been high on no sleep?
I can’t sleep, and neither does the strange man standing in the corner of my bedroom.
I met a weird kid
The case of Greta - Suspect No 6
I was warned not to go into the mine behind my grandfathers house, i should have listened
Hot for Teacher
The Duvet Man
Or so the rumour goes...The Lake is Quiet Tonight
My Ex-Girlfriend was insane... Was...
I Can See People's Sins Pt. 3
I answer the phones at work... I've been getting weird calls lately
I fight ancient beings and I have some stories.(Part 2.1)
The Night My Father Disappeared
The Trunk at the Foot of the Stairs
One
the little girl in a blue dress
Alone on a winter storm
One of Many
The Man In The Dark Room
I have a dead neighbor who still receives letters (Part 1)
The Nightmare of David Chambers, from Rockfall, Kentucky
My Grandpa Turned to Religion After My Grandma's Death, I Don't Think It Was The Right One
Pharmatex
I fell asleep during an MRI and I think something happened to me while I was in there
My First and Last Day as a Foot Fetish Girl
They, Part III
Hell's Dance: The Story of Michael Part 2
Hell's Dance: The Story of Michael Part 1
They, Part III
I spent the night at an old friend’s and thought I would never make it home.
Should We Have a Seance?
I don't know who I can trust, and who not..
2:60
Half my story didn't post
The Second Vessel
The girl who follows me
Last night you spoke to a god, here are the transcripts.
Taken(Part 2)
Dear Children, Please Join Us For The Arrival Of Father David Allen Jones
Waiting for my bus ride
pestilencewarfamineDEATH
This creepy tune has followed me around my entire life and I CAN'T figure out what it is...
The day I was saved by my cousin or I could have been dead. Or worse
The long path leading to the end of the foggy coppice
I work at a sleep clinic that deals with dream disorders, but my latest patient isn’t actually dreaming
I Miss The Demon Who Possessed Me
The 737-Max 8 is a safe airplane.
The Girl With No Teeth.
Fractured (part 1)
Red
Nervous disorders Medication - Sery Capsule
My friends and I came face to face with ourselves, and what I can only assume was death.
I work as a security guard for a company that takes jobs no one else will [Part 5]
Something’s off today
The odd thing that appeared in the sky.
Ch 1. Reality
They took her.
Strange Occurrences
I'm a guard stationed at a 'secret' government prison. (Part 7).
Who Am I?
I used to walk the Earth offering eternal happiness. It was a mistake. (Part 2)
I was a contestant on MTV's Fear
Im a security guard for Disneyworld. I'm still scared to death.
So I've met the other me.
It’s Time for God’s Gift
Never Mind the Floating Man
I killed my best friend.
Amateur astronomer here…I saw something strange.
This guy should be interviewed on the next season of Mindhunters.
I Feel Invisible
I think there's a ghost in your room.
A demon haunts my sleep
An Account of Strange Happenings Near Prominence, Colorado in 1878 - September 6th and 7th
My family's bucket burden.
An Account of Strange Happenings Near Prominence, Colorado in 1878 (September 6th and 7th)
The Cave
There's something controlling my family (Part 2)
We found Atlantis
The Kingdom Of The Flesh King
The Loop
My grandpa, a retired homicide detective, just told me the single worst thing he saw in his career [Part 3]
I’ve found myself in “This person does not exist” two days ago. Now I’m in danger.
I not sure if I'm crazy or not.
There is Something Terrifying Under the Floorboards of my Apartment
I discovered my inheritance and now my hands are talking to me.
The 188-minute Man
The Last Road Trip. Part Two.
I think I've discovered an alternative reality... and it's not a good sign.
The 188-minute Man [1887 words]
Kelpie Encounter
My Job was supposed to be fun... Now, I'm lucky to just be unemployed...
Why my cousin won't leave the shower curtains closed anymore
Why my cousin won't leave the shower curtains closed anymore
I was in love with a psychopath
Dream come true. I dreamt about an unfamiliar man and I met him for REAL!!
My Mom used Mirror Magic and made her bully insane
Yet Another Interruption To Your Scheduled Programming - Two
Yet Another Interruption To Your Scheduled Programming - Two
Yet Another Interruption To Your Scheduled Programming - Two
HMMMMMM
The weekend me and my friends never want to remember
A Wrinkle in the Eye
Yet Another Interruption To Your Scheduled Programming - Two
My Son Saw Red Birds
A Wrinkle in the Eye (For your safety, please read on your phones only)
Taken (Part 1)
New Valley Mental Asylum Awareness Project: Frost BitesI've been trapped in the forest for over a week, and now I can't move.
I'm being followed.
I met a woman at work today.
Do you hear him?
I caused the end of the world.
The man in the attic (pt.1)
The Legend Of The Witch's Grave
The Witch's Grave
I heard a scream in my headphones
I'm an EMT, This Call Still Haunts Me
I found my dad's suicide letter, ten years later he still alive - Part 2
Eight years ago my daughter disappeared. Tonight we received an ominous phone call from her.
They, part II
A note to whoever wants to read it
I remember going to Small World on Disney Land now it all makes sense
I found my dad's suicide letter, ten years later he still alive - part 2
Another Nightmare at 20,000 ft
I think my mom is planning to kill me on my eighteenth birthday (Part 1)
The Sunlight Ghost of September -- First Part
The Kingdom Of The Flesh King
The Kingdom Of The Flesh King
Finders Keepers
Trump Ficked America
Elementary School Friends
GAGuqbdgd Bitnse Ya8jry
Abandoned Classroom at Night
Is something here with me?
New Valley Mental Asylum Awareness Project: Frost Bites
Truth About Bible Verses for Sleep - Insomnia
I found a very different doctor in the Dark Web
My Little Sister's Wedding
Someone, or something is in here. (Pt. 1)
True Scary Gas Station Stories || And Then !! She Got In My Car
Death isn’t the worst part.
pestilencewarFAMINEdeath
Need Urgent Advise
Need Advise
A Demon tried to kill me once, now I hunt down demons (Part 10)
Need Advise
I can’t sleep
Wet
The weekend my friends and I hope to never remember.
I Live in a Town Full of Serial Killers. Someone is Killing Us One by One (Part 4)
The weekend my friends and I hope to never remember.
I Live in a Town Full of Serial Killers. Someone is Killing Us One by One (The End)
(Update #1) I Used To Watch A Show Called "Let's Talk About Mr.Clock"
I found secret tunnels under the house that’s been in my family for generations
How do I get rid of my mother who isn't my mother? URGENT!
my first short story chapter 1
Something weird is going on
Anonymous Wants To Send You A New Message
The Replacement (Part 1)
The Kingdom Of The Flesh King
The THING in the woods
I found my dad's suicide letter, ten years later, he still alive
Odd toddlers
Infinity
HOME: An Immersive Text Based Game [ Part I ]
Visited by something at night, then all supernatural experiences end
I've Been Stuck at Work for 80 Plus Hours - I've Lost Track of Time
I'm Glad I Followed Instructions
This was Tom my best friend
"Letters"
The Soviet Union never wanted anyone to know what really happened during Project Atlantis. I was part of the Project, and there's a reason we do not go back under the ocean. Part 4.
It was originally after me but now it after my roommate
I'm a sleep researcher and I recently came across a whole town that was suffering from nightmares.
I barely escaped them.
The Forest
I found bodies hanging from the trees and now something is stalking me (Part 2)
I met the devil last night and I think I sold my soul
Walmart
I was it's original prey and now it wants my roommate
It Rattles
Help me
Dream come true. I saw an unfamillair man in my dream and I met him for real.
Pigface - His children roam the streets in daylight.
I discovered a secret passage in my shower. My wife leads a double life. PART 6 FINAL
There's a Planet Behind the Sun
Have you heard of the Tricker?
My sister was murdered. She told me where her body was.
Do the Heavens ever spare the crop when the winter falls?
My dead sister came to visit me last night
I was Born Blind, But in my Dreams I can See. I think my Whole Life's Been a Lie.
We’re Interrupting Your Regular Scheduled Programming to Bring You This - One
Bàs Leòmainn Geal
My Best friend has Gone Insane
The Thing on My Porch
Ghost Bro
I am done with girls
You Should Press Play 4
The reason why I quit the night shift.
I am done with girl's.
Refinery
Refinery
My mom taught me that somethings are better left unanswered
Hell is a person, not a place, and smells of burnt flesh, not brimstone.
My father hunted a serial killer that nobody seems to remember
I'm a magician, and I'm in need of my greatest escape act. [Part 6]
My fatherhunted a serial killer that nobody seems to remember
I'm a Zookeeper. Something is Very Wrong With the Animals Here (Part 2)I Received A Distress Call From A Ship On The Pacific Ocean. What I Found Was Terrifying.
Im stuck in the forest... and i dont know how long ive been here (pt 1.)
Any ideas on what it could be?
War
i think im being hunted
Not scary enough?
The half day.
Ever wondered how it all started
We’re Interrupting Your Scheduled Programming To Bring You This - Part One
A Very Exclusive Party
My mentor chased a serial killer that nobody seems to remember
Transmission 1
I've spent the past 100 years trying to escape from Utopia, now I'm terrified of death.
We Are The Ants.
Just a Dream
The story of Lucy-Ann
The story of Lucy-Ann and the park monster
A House For You And I CHAPTER 2
San Francisco - Heart 💖of the Bity
New Valley Mental Asylum Awareness Project: A Terrible Tune
Strange things have been following me
Eight years ago my daughter disappeared. Tonight we received an ominous phone call from her.
A Stranger Offered Me My Greatest Desire in Exchange For One Small Task, I Accepted
Something happened to my boyfriend
Have you ever been high on no sleep?
My crush has a dark secret which no one knows about. (Part 1)
If Someone Asks You To Plant a Seed, Don't
Blankets are your safety cover
There is Someone Underneath My Bed
They, part I
The Heart of Ezeriah Ward. Final Part.
The story of Lucy-Ann and the bush monster
It's not the dark. It's what's in it. Pt 2.
There's a Planet Behind the Sun
I create memes for a living, and the government has just made me an offer I can’t refuse.
Dreams
I'm starting to think there's no such thing as “Just a road” or “Just a trail” anymore... [Part 3]
My best friend and I are really bored! Part 3
pestilenceWARfaminedeath
Ms Porcelain
The Thing on the Mountain
Argument with my mom could have been the reason I'm still alive.
What sneezes you?
Night Walk
The Worst of Many Worlds
Its True When They Say Left Handed People Are In Line With The Devil
I am never having a threesome again
The Path
My father and I created a device that warps reality. It's... been a rough night. (Part 5)
My father and I created a device that warps reality. It's... been a rough night. (Part 5 of 6)
I went to see an abandoned church in the countryside... I wish that I hadn’t. [Part 2]
I went to see an abandoned church in the countryside... I wish I hadn’t. [Part 2]
I NEVER look behind me anymore
I went to see an abandoned church in the countryside... I wish I hadn’t. [Part 2]
I went to see an abandoned church in the countryside... I wish I hadn’t. [Part 2]
On the Counter, Just Like Always
I 'd like a Rose Beer..
I used to watch a show called "Let's talk about Mr. Clock"
story my little brother made in his class (i did not sleep until night time when he showed me this)
There's Room For One More
I Am Going to Tell You Why I Always Leave a Shot of Whiskey on My Porch Every Night.
I am the error.
Game Of The Year.
Yeet
Why im on the run
I’ve found myself in “This person does not exist”
I'm So Sorry I Forgot to Lock the Car...
[Update] The Black Pills Part 9
Can’t sleep I’ve got boobies on my mind
My uncle finally told me why he sleeps with his bedroom light on
The Thing in the Walls.
Why crime in my neighborhood is so low
I’m leaving this thread
I’m in my apartment and I’m scared.
I've been stuck at work for 80 hours.
Was one eye better than two? (Part 2)
My Mom Thinks I'm the Antichrist
A Day at the Maul
Peach Grove, Texas is being eaten alive
Visceri
I Live in a Town Full of Serial Killers. Someone is Killing Us One by One (Pt. 3)
The Soviet Union never wanted anyone to know what really happened during Project Atlantis. I was part of the Project, and there's a reason we do not go back under the ocean. Part 3.
During World War One there was a battle called the battle of the dead, what if I told you the dead really did fight the first world War.
I Can See People's Sins Pt. 2
The Beginning
The Beginning
You Know What Happens to Little Girls Who Don't Tell the Truth
Trying to find my way on YouTube, I'm building a channel to narrate Creepypastas in spanish, pay a visit (:
I found bodies hanging from the trees and now something is stalking me (Part 2)
I'm a bad rapper plus mad demon trapper
I'm a farmer in the rural south. Something has taken a liking to my hometown and it's not too friendly.
The mirror in my hallway broke.
They Reached The Shoreline But Their Nightmare Wasn't Over.
I discovered a secret passage in my shower. My wife leads a double life. PART 5
Have you heard of the Tricker?
Who is that?
The Railroad Crossing
Lizzie
00:05 making food and hear..
I Dreamed Of My Future. It Didn't Look Like This.Show Me The Way To Go Home, I Am Tired and I Want to go to Bed
Why I will never go outside at night alone again.
Forgive My Father For He Has Sinned
I create memes for a living, and the government has just made me an offer I can’t refuse.
They are Coming this might be my last post
My dreams were stolen. So I will steal new skin.
The Pond, Where It Ended Before It Began.
I fight ancient beings and I have some stories.(Part 2.1)
The Pond, Where It Should Have Ended.
There's a Planet Behind the Sun
Every person has his dark spots covered with spider webs
Scary Story
Living the life of a Superstar
All My Friends Are Dead People
A Whisper through the Winter Winds
My school cafeteria is serving a new drink, Dark chocolate milk. Part 2
I spent the night at an old friend’s and thought I would never make it home.
I Don't Work on a Golf Course Anymore.
i think i'm being hunted
I gotta tell you something about my girlfriend!
I Wish I Didn't Wake Up
Some doors should stay closed.
Nightmare..
Someone is standing outside my apartment, part 2
Housebreaking
My Grandmother's Book
He's Here
The Heart of Ezeriah Ward. Part six.
I used to walk the Earth offering eternal happiness. It was a mistake.
My morning commute did not go as I expected
My little sister's wedding
Ä
I Woke Up to A Tooth Under My Pillow
Gia đình là cái gốc
I fostered a child that only wanted to eat crackers, and now I'll never foster again.
I was a music journalist
Shady Government guys locked down my block in the projects. Then things got much, much, worse
I've Been Driving for So Long. I Think I'm the Cause (Finale)
It's not the dark. It's what's in it.
Giving in to the itch [PART 1]
An Angel Answered My Prayer. I Wish It Didn't.
I Found my Doppelganger. She does Snuff Porn.
Primus
My little brother found something buried in our back garden. It's ruined my life.
I indirectly killed someone, and I don't think she was human.
I shouldn't have let my curiosity get the better of me, how am I alive?
My Girlfriend Went Missing Searching For The Truth (part 4)
PESTILENCEwarfaminedeath
July Contest Nominations
Me (23m) experiencing some kind of stuffs like I don't know people call them Phychic I guess .
Gary loves to eat
What Happened to Dr. Gray?
Babysitting Nightmare!
My son decided to hunt a coyote demon for hurting our dog, and my whole family could be in danger at this point
Birth
Can someone PLEASE tell me the video camera on 3DS is glitched to hell.
The Lighter Thief
The Dog Man
we lived in a haunted house
Am I Going Crazy?
They stared from the trees as I slept.
Saw an Suicide Service advertisment on Facebook and they are best Marketers.
I Encountered Siren Head
Night fishing
I Work At The Only Pizza Place In Town(Part 6)
Nebraska Ghost Town
Inner Beauty
We are here
Someone must know
Something is waving at me from my basement
I think I jump between dimensions...
I bought a camera last week and something is bothering me
Harvest Moon
I bought a used camera last week and something is bothering me
Haunted Ottawa jail hostel
I bought a used camera
Did you see the tweet about DARPA needing an underground test facility?
the scariest night of my life
The Scratching
A sleepless night
My morning commute did not go as planned
My fiancée has photos of me that I've never seen before ?
I Made My Girlfriend's Dreams Come True
I live next to a hog farm in SE NC.
My father and I created a device that warps reality. It's... been a rough night. (Part 4)
he was my best friend
Martin is Missing (Part 5)
The Monsters Aren’t Just For Kids
A sleepless night
Martin is Missing (Ending)
[Update] The Black Pills Part 8
The benefits of being a scientist
Endless Eyes
Martin is Missing (Part Final)
Routine is good don’t change it (first post)
If You Hear a Baby Crying in the Woods, Don't Follow It, Pictures Included
If You Hear A Baby Crying in the Woods, Don't Follow It Pictures Included
When I was a child, my friend and I found a hole in the wall.
I've woken up on a floating island, and it's been getting weirder since...
I don’t think this was “just a dream”I work as a facilitator between the dead and the living [PART 1]
They're Still There
What if: Mirrors and The Dark
My Grandfather's Journal
My grandpa, a retired homicide detective, just told me another case he can't wrap his head around. [Part 2]
Don't Listen to the Little Shadow Girl
Ingrown Toenail
Odd Toddlers
Disrespecting the Dead
The pit in my backyard says it’s hungry....
Odd toddlers
What Happens At Night
Every year my city holds a battle royale (part 1)
They Who Eat Time
I think my cat got bit by a vampire and is turning into one (Part 2) Trigger Warning: Self Harm
EGG
The Police Don’t Think My Attacker was Human, Now I Might Be Infected (Part Two)
Ashes to Ashes, Dust to Dust
I was lost in a national park. Those were the scariest and most bizarre two days of my life.
I discovered a secret passage in my shower. My wife leads a double life. PART 4
Kidnapped?
Parts
The man in the wall
Does anyone know this brand of electronics?
I Live in a Town Full of Serial Killers. Someone is Killing Us One by One (Pt. 2)
The Walls Talked to Her at Night
They Who Feast On Time by E.N. Patterson
In the Tent
I am in a simulation...
Hackles
Fear of the dark or Fear of the man
Odd Toddlers
The Soviet Union never wanted anyone to know what really happened during Project Atlantis. I was part of the Project, and there's a reason we do not go back under the ocean. Part 2.
There is a disease spreading, and no matter your efforts, you will not survive.
Time-Eater's Disease by E.N. Patterson
I'm a Zookeeper. Something is Very Wrong With the Animals Here (Part 2)
If you hear something go "Bump" in the night, don't look for it.
I Got an Emergency Disaster Warning At School (Part 3)
Dude theaters are spooky
dont be afraid of friday the 13 its the same as anyother
A Sickness. Part I.
I Used to Make Chiptune Songs
Does blindness affect woman’s choice when it comes to dating someone
Nobody but me knows about my father’s world
Not Having Any Toilet Paper Wasn’t The Scariest Part About This Public Bathroom
Martin is Missing (Final Part)
I went to see an abandoned church in the countryside... I wish that I hadn’t.
With Halloween approaching, what are some of your real life scary stories?
Come On Down to Albert's Corn Maze for a Hauntingly Good Time!
Help
all effort. no value
All of us are doomed
There are still prisoners at Alcatraz. You just have to know where to look.
The Day the Earth Split
The reflection
The Heart of Ezeriah Ward. Part five.
I work in an antique shop, and strange things are happening here... (Part 4)
Family Short Story " Possessed"
The cruise ship I was with just left me on a random island with a strange phone. Part 1
Shift Work Sleep Disorder (SWSD)
I think I left my house through the wrong exit in the morning (Part 3)
Something's different pt. 2
My best friend is dead, but she won’t leave me alone.
MOM SEEKS FOR ME
MY DREAMS
Last Minute Christmas Shopping
A Demon tried to kill me once, now I hunt down demons (Part 9)
My birthday
My Sister Is Missing
The Disqueting house
Confession, I tried to rob my company and it really didn't work out
One slow June night
The Wall
Horrifyingly Beautiful
The Beginning.
92.5 FM
Something's different pt. 2
Something's different pt. 2
Something's different pt. 2
The power went out in my city day 2
The power went out in my city (part 2)
I discovered a 1,200-year-old manuscript in a monastery library. What it says still haunts me.
I discovered a manuscript in a 1,300-year-old manuscript in an old monastery. What it said still haunts me.
The power went out in my city (day 2)
There’s monkey creatures in Vegas...
My last day as a Police Officer was the worst day of my life!!!
There's a spirit looking out for me
I went to a bible camp and something happened there that I can't forget.
I just stepped on a scorpion.
Our containment site was breached.
Someone is outside my apartment, but I can only see his feet.
Our station is breaking down.
There's a spirit looking out for me ****(TRIGGER WARNING: SELF HARM)****
It Watches (Part 5)
The Factory
I saw it again
The power went out in my city (day 2)
The power went our in my city (day 2)
I saw it again
The power went out in my city (day 2)The power went out in my city (day 2)
i saw it again
My Beautiful Moonlight Lover
Yummy Doodles
I'm a serial killer, and I think I'm depressed
Something lives beneath City Gate
It called for me.
I am in summer camp and something is throwing people off trees.
The Club's Initiation
Has anyone else read the "Light filters in", and had bad luck
Has anyone else read the "Light filters in", and had bad luck
Awesiaki: Chapter Five - August, 1632
I'm an Animal Rights Activist. I took part in a Liberation Action that went horribly wrong.
The power went out in my city (day 2)
Someone is coming home on Monday
It's all your fault
I have woken up on a floating island, and things have been really weird so far
My First Time
The power went out in my city (day 2)
I found something in my Fiancée’s closet. (part one)
I'm an Animal Rights Activist. I took part in a Liberation Action that went horribly wrong.
Kind of hoping no one takes this seriously.
I was part of an experiment that turns normal people into serial killers
Was one eye better than two?
There's an old door in my new house's basement, and I think it leads to hell.
The following events are real
I'm starting to think there's no such thing as “Just a road” or “Just a trail” anymore... [Part 2]
Drake presents Gretzky - Heart of the Bity
Black Coffee
I Keep Recieving Phone Calls From My Long-missing Daughter
It Watches (Part 5/Finale)
he was my best friend
WEAREWEED
I think my cat got bitten by a vampire and is turning into one.
I may be a poltergeist
My father and I created a device that warps reality. It's... been a rough night. (Part 3)
I may be a poltergeist.
I've Been Driving For So Long (Part 1)
She Lived In The Tree - Part Two
She Lived In The Tree - 2
Scam calls have really gotten out of hand lately
I'm a magician, and I'm in need of my greatest escape act. [Part 5]
Meeting the Other
And So It Will Be
Guerinnet and the Skeleton
Someone left their cellphone in my store. I shouldn't have unlocked it. Part III
I found a very strange babysitting service.
Dice
Guerinnet and the Skeleton
I forgot to lock the back door
And So It Will Bd
We all thought it was the flu
I forgot to lock the back door
Daddy's girl
I Can See People's Sins
There's something wrong with the grass on Fleetwood Street
I’m on night duty. In South Korea.
Transcription of audio recordings recovered from a hard drive
Closeted From The Kristians Of Cooke County
Closeted From The Kristians Of Cooke County
Closeted From The Kristians Of Cooke County
Things in Common
I'm being chased and I can help you get out.
I discovered a secret passage in my shower. My wife leads a double life. PART 3
The Police Don’t Think My Attacker was Human....
I don't know why people won't buy abandoned houses
I think something is wrong with me
Martin is Missing (part 4)
The first time I saw corpse
The man with the banjo
Hells Gatekeeper
Friday the 13th - Full Moon
Background check your teachers, please
The Chris Cross Killer
The Heart of Ezeriah Ward. Part four.
An Inter Dimensional Window
The masons burned my uncles apartment down.
Can any9ne help me out here?
Review of a Hong Kong Hotel - Spooky
A House For You And I
I got paid $20k to test a video game and now everything I love is dead
I think I left my house through the wrong exit in the morning (Part 2)
I was always afraid of the shadows and now I know why (Pt. 1)
Something's different
Man Up
My happy ending
Last night this happened and I'm scared for my life...
A “Gentile” House
A Demon tried to kill me once, now I hunt down demons (Part 8)
Please i need answers
Does anybody else want access to my Online Occult Library?
Last night this happened and I'm scared for my life.
I can't sleep anymore, not with it outside
Inter-dimensional window
Wandering through the graveyard it felt like something was watching me. A shrill cry echoed in the mist.
Childhood curiosity turned bad?!
Wandering through the graveyard it felt like something was watching me. A shrill cry echoed in the mist
I will never go back to the forest.
The Merchant and their wares.
Today is Friday the 13th, Tonight is the Harvest Moon Part 1Into the void... Forever. Part 1?
Into the void... Forever. Part 1?
An organization is out to get me and I don't know what to do
The power went out in my city
Here Lies the Sinner
Humanity has always been able to trace it back
Be careful what you wish for.
Thomas Henderson.
A skinwalker almost got into my work today.
My nightmare
I’m never using Airbnb again!
It’s been a bad week…
I'm Never Ever Going Back to San Diego
If you hear your house creak at night, don't look
My mother is angry
The new girl and I took a break together today
My anger was surgically removed and now I work for the surgeon
Can you guys mix the SCP foundation and area 51 together in a story please I want to see it happen
The Police Don’t Think My Attacker Was Human And Now I Might Be Infected (Part Two)
Best no sleep stories/series! I've read all of them, and I wanna see if anyone has any other suggestions!
I saw the devil of luck.
Something Happened at my 3D Printer Store
I Live in a Town Full of Serial Killers. Someone is Killing Us One by One (Pt. 1)
The Unseen Monsters
How I -24F- Lost 70lbs With One Easy Pill
How I (24F) Lost 70lbs With One Easy Pill
Grandma's Bed
My mother cared about me. Maybe more than she should.
The disappearances
Promises
Coming Out To The Kristians Of Cooke County
diary entry xx/xx/xx91
I watched her brown eyes glimmer in the sunlight.
The Turner Tradition
Tragedy at Disney's Toontown Part 3
I'm starting to think there's no such thing as “Just a road” or “Just a trail” anymore... [Part 2]
I Think My Dad is a Cannibal
My Dad’s Family is… Different [Part 4]
The River Man
You Should Press Play 3
Someone keeps writing cryptic messages on the bathroom stall (Part 2)
last monday
Help. I’m stuck in Eden and I can’t get out.
why i will never have a girl
The Early Train
Shadows.
My diary.
They’re coming for me
I'm starting to think there's no such thing as “Just a road” or “Just a trail” anymore...
Promises
There's a locked door in my new apartment [Final]
Rudamer Industries (Part One)
On The Hunt
A journal from a patient in the Psychiatric Ward
The man in the corner of the room
Error #7134
My diary.
The Tricker: info needed
the road with the strangest speed controlling methods
Shredders of Souls
Something strange happened at work and I never want to go back
I'm Scared to Let my Dog out at Night
I live on a farm out in the sticks. There are some strange creatures roaming our patch of land. [6]
What Happens in a House Unlived
A Kristian In Cooke County
My family has a curse. On every generation, a woman dies at 18
Consolidation Coal Company; Mine no. 32
The Debt Comes Due
I found a box while doing clean up at my local state park. I really wish I hadn't.
I discovered a secret passage in my shower. My wife leads a double life. PART 2
Why I gave up my career as a private detective
My birthday landed on Friday the 13th this year
I Am Possessed and I Need Help
My parents told me to "never get into a fight at school".
Daddy, Come Get Me...
I'm being haunted by my old apartment.
I'm aboard humanities first intergalactic voyage
My father and I created a device that warps reality. It's... been a rough night. (Part 2)
My father and I created a device that warps reality. It's... been a rough night. (The Maze, Part 2)
The Heart of Ezeriah Ward. Part three.
Swoll Skinwalker Retreat Part 1
Something is wrong with my shampoo
I Got an Emergency Disaster Warning At School (Part 2)
Waves
The end. The beginning.
Classroom 307
Simulation configuration is at 12:09
Story where the readers can make the protagonist
Human Cow
My baby monitor has a secret channel that only I can see
"I survived the SS Ourang Medan."
I Found a Snuff Film on my Husband's Computer
Something really creepy happened after my friend vandalized a grave.
Martin is Missing (Part 3)
Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline Has Been Around A Lot Longer Than You Think
Area 51 and SCP foundation are the same thing
The time I went to an abandon house on Halloween
Area 51 and the SCP foundation are the same thing
It was all my mother's fault
Something was pretending to be my mother in the nightArea 51 and the SCP foundation are the same thing
My father and I created a device that warps reality. It's... been a rough night. (The Maze, Pt. 2)
Today's the only full moon on a Friday the 13th for the next thirty years
Abandon house on Halloween
I never believed in Friday the 13th nonsense... but now I’ll forever fear the date.
The Ballad of Lennon.
The dream team of 2004
My new side hustle
The Twigman
untitled.txt
First time I saw a Corpse
Blood moon’s night
A friend's story of Vietnam...
I think I left my house through the wrong exit in the morning
So I know this isn't the scariest story but this felt like the right place to put it.
I think I slept with a monster. Part Two.
I have to get to Oklahoma
Visitors of the night
Stonebed
Click here to end simulation #115516518
A dragon called Blizzard
a game titled Paralysis.dod was responsible for the disappearance of my friend
Alexander's Song
What a Deal!
I'm a Security guard for Disneyworld. I am scared to death.
The Forest Celebrates A Long Night
LINDA - INSANELY SCARY STORY
File: Ryfts
Moving to a new town
Reapers
Something Is Wrong With My Local In-N-Out.
There's Something Wrong With My Local In-N-Out.
Something Was Pretending To Be My Mother In the Night
Windigos and Skin Walkers
Here comes the child bride
Mission log of the Interlink Project, humanities first interstellar voyage
My friends are disappearing and I think my parents have something to do with it
[Update] The Black Pills Part 7
Tylenol
Tylenol
I'm a Disneyworld security guard. I'm scared to death.
My abusive mother found me after I moved 5 years ago
slenderman concept story
Was one eye better than two?
It's been watching me for some time now.
First post!
One Heavy Breath
night drive
[Trigger Warning](#s "_suicide______") In the Shape of the Little Dipper
We thought she was crazy
Why the leaves fall
Maybe I've underestimated the sounds in my house
I'm trapped in a dream and can't wake up
Beautiful,
OKD app stole my soul...
The Police Don’t Think My Attacker Was Human... (Part One)
I dreamed that I died in a plane crash and went to literal Hell..
I Was Walking though a Cemetery in the Forest. I Discovered My Own Grave.
I regret looking up.
Someone left their cellphone in my store. I shouldn't have unlocked it. Part II
I found a monster in a killer's dream
I work at a hotel. Something that's not a guest is living here.
I found this letter addressed to my mom
My Dad’s Family is… Different [Part 3]
The creatures from my dreams are real
I found this letter while cleaning our attic addressed to my mom
What Happens in a House Unlived
The ice cream man
The Door Bell Rang
Someone keeps writing cryptic messages on the bathroom stall (Part 1)
The last man on earth
A cup of tea
My Tinder Date is from Hell [Part 2]
Someone left their cellphone in my store. I shouldn't have unlocked it. Part II
I think my neighbour tried to cast a spell on me - final
The doorbell rang
The Vigilante and Master Thief vs The World (part one) - Cuba
I Don't Believe My Brother Went Insane
I need 800 views. This is life or death.
To join them...
The Earth is alive
The Vigilante and Master Thief vs The World (part 1) - Cuba
The Vigilante and Master Thief vs The World part 1 (Cuba)
1iii3iiii 33iiii1iii 3iiii4i 2ii4i3ii6 32ii2iii1iii3ii 2ii3iiii362ii4i1ii 1iii6 30. 2iiii33ii6 0i35ii33iiii 33iii56 30 2iiii1ii2ii2iii1iii4i0i32ii.
Chased down with my dog.
I need 800 views. This is life or death.
Guys I’m new to this sub. Why do people respond in the comments as if the stories are true?
My sleep paralysis demon turned itself into my boyfriend.
Pigface - Tell yourself it isn't real. Or we all die.
I think my neighbors might be vampires.
DONT OPEN THIS!!
Eerie Encounters on Cresson Mountain in Western Pennsylvania, circa 1965
Don't Go Chasing Butterflies
I've always wanted a life in a quiet town
Help me find a creepypasta
My Story
What can I say? I have good taste in dogs.
Close Approach to Something Eerie On Cresson Mountain, in Pennsylvania
Something slipped under my garage door last night
I saw history repeat itselfThere's something controlling my family
It's been 7 years but I still don't if it was truly a dream. (Part 1)
My Tinder Date is from Hell [Part 2]
The Campanile Run
The stalker
The whistlers
I Have Started Hunting Humans and Monsters Again. [Part 6]
How I Met Your New Mother
In God's House, Part One (final draft)
Martin is Missing (Part 3)
My Childhood
Weird things happen at Opal Lake. Confronting the long woman didn't exactly go as planned. Pt 4 (Final)
Weird things happen at Opal Lake. Confronting the long woman didn't exactly go as planned. Pt3 (Final)
Someone keeps writing cryptic messages on the bathroom stall (Part 1)
The Loss of a Child
In God's House Part One [final draft]
I'm Scared to Let my Dog out at Night
I have seen history repeat itself (or ‘the set up’)
Something in the sea keeps leaving lures to catch me
Posted in R/AskReddit
I Work at the Darabont County Archives - Part Six F Ghost Hunt Section
I Work at the Darabont County Archives - Part Six F History Section
I think my house is haunted.
A true thirty three year 'haunting' from a film
I never use my turn signal
The Wendigo and the Girl
People you love never die
The Soviet Union never wanted anyone to know what really happened during Project Atlantis. I was part of the Project, and there's a reason we do not go back under the ocean. Part 1
The Heart of Ezeriah Ward. Part two.
How to get out of a time loop / being serious here
My father and I created a device that warps reality. It's... been a rough night.
I moved into a new house and it's definitely, 100% haunted. (part 1)
My fun trip to the hospital
I was forced to take shelter in my haunted basement during a tornado
I saw something while on duty... it saw me too
I was forced to take shelter in my haunted basement during a tornado.
My friend's spoon was talking to him.
Problems removing new Oculus Quest from my head
Bits and Pieces
I think I slept with a monster
Theres something at the bottom of my stairs. It's taking everything I have to not look at it.
I woke up to a loud bang on my wall
Joining a cult was the best decision ever!
My grandmother had a deathbed confession that I was not supposed to hear.
Perhaps this Family Tradition Will not Live Past us, After All
Porn just illustrated love triangle in a way I just “got”
I see creatures in my dreams
Awokened
I don't know what I saw but she was in danger.
A Scream in the Void
The Thing
Recently Published one of my stories on Wattpad
The beast in my mind.
I had a thought a while back.
My Tinder Date is from Hell (PART 2)
Jacobs End
There are creatures in my dreams
Looking for Creepy Stories to Narrate Occasionally
I'm fairly sure my cat saved my life last night.
I've been seeing creatures in my dreams
Mister Bed Bug
Wireless Printer
Natural Law
Why did I do the ouija board..
A Present For My Love
A Night On Tor
Lone Star Rising
I discovered a secret passage in my shower. My wife leads a double life. PART ONE
I'm an immortal, and I'm scared for my life.
You Should Press Play 2
The Boy With The Bat
[Update] The Black Pills Part 6
You Should Press Play 2
You’re Not a Little Kid Anymore
Stuck
You’re Not a Little Kid Anymore
I think I just Killed my Stalker with my Flute, I'm 15.
I think I just Killed my Stalker with my Flute, I'm 15.
What Grandpa found during the War
We Recreated Our Dead Friend as a Thoughtform (part 1)
Don't stare at me. Really.
The Neck Pain
Corrupted Reality: You're never alone outside of your comfort zone.
I Think I May Be A Sensitive/ I Saw Fucked Up Shit As A Kid
Corrupted Reality: You're not alone outside of your Utopia.
I Think I Might Be A Sensitive (I saw fucked up shit as a kid)
I keep getting weird notifications.
My Encounters with the Strange
Corrupted Reality: What lies beneath our civilised Utopia.
Corrupted Reality: What lies beneath our civilised utopia.
Don't blink
Mr. Grandy the Juggler
Keep Off The Grass
Someone left their cellphone in my store. I shouldn't have unlocked it.
My Family is Hiding A Sinister Secret (Part 1)
Apartment 505
My Dad’s Family is… Different [Part 2]
Don't blink
The Nostalgia Man
An Interesting titleI found bodies hanging from the trees and now something is stalking me
Where is my friend?
Subject: Kostas Papanyatous
Where is my friend?
My Tinder Date is from Hell
I killed my mom so that I could live
[LOG] Subject: Kostas Papanyatous
The Last Road Trip. Part 1 of 2.
Where is my friend?
I think my neighbour is trying to put a spell on me - part 3
I am the Guardian
I saw something in Afghanistan 31 years ago.
I'm a magician, and I'm in need of my greatest escape act. [Part 4]
I saw a monster in a killer's dream
Ordering meth off the dark web [part 1]
My carpool driver has been driving for weeks straight now. I finally found someone else!
I fight ancient beings and I have some stories.(Part 2)
What They Wanted to Find
Spoiled Rotten
I didn't kidnap and torture my nephew or murder 2 people. - Next of Kin (5)
I think my girlfriend is trying to kill me
The Dive
My Fiancée has photos of me that I’ve never seen before?
I still hear the footsteps
The House down the Valley
I have a new family. And they're frightening.
Weird calls and voicemails
Something is in my Closet (Part 2)
I Live In A Town of 500 People, I'm the Last One Left
My Tinder Date is from Hell
Tinder Date from is from Hell, I think.
I didn't kidnap and torture my nephew or murder 2 people. - Next of Kin (5)
What Grandpa found during the War
Hold your breath
Shadow Mans Delayed Message
My Fiancée has pictures of me that I’ve never seen before?
I’m stalked by the Rain People
Why won't it die? (Part 1)
The Kitten
Kalak: Time Traveler, Bounty Hunter.
What Happens At Night
I was an Ostrich babysitter... I no longer want to work with them.
Spoiled Rotten
the one i let go... for good PART 1
Do not go to a place named "Now Here", if you do, don't commence trade of any sorts.
Monsters Decimated My Town, I'm All That's Left
During a bad acid trip, I saw something that I really wish I could forget
Something is in my Closet (Part 2)
I’m Lily Madwhip and I've Got an Army Now
Something is in my Closet (Part 2)
Should have used some tape (PT ONE)
How to successfully ransom a child
Help me find my son, the Eel Boy
The dream I murdered
Michigan
True Story - I explored abandon places one time, but I found something else instead.
The dream I murdered
I kept waking up at 3 A.M.
The dream I murdered
Somebody Was Occupying My Girl's Bed
Fifty Seven
I love horror but I don't love my dreams
The Heart of Ezeriah Ward
I Have Started Hunting Humans and Monsters Again. [Part 6]
Breaking the Monotony
Not a fairytale after all (Part Four)
Breaking the Monotony (Part 1 of 2)
Hide and Seek
September 11th
L'Appel du Vide
Boys will be boys.
There’s a Man In the Baby’s Room
Spooky Casper sheets
3 A.M.
Click here to end simulation #115516518
Forty-two years ago I trapped a spider and it was the worst thing I’ve ever done
June 2019 Contest Voting Thread
I left a nasty comment on a website. I think they sent someone after me.
My Final Day In The Bayou (Part 2)
There's something at the end of my driveway FINALE (Part 3)
I Went To See A Psychic Medium And Now I Wish I Didn't
There's something at the end of my driveway (Part 3: Finale)
There's something at the end of my driveway (Part 3: Finale)
I suffer from face blindness, and i think my family has been replaced.
A new kind of deal
A new kind of deal
honeymoon from hell
I used to bite my fingernails.
I have insomnia
Train Stations
My Family Is Hiding A Sinister Secret
My best friend is an oracle. He foresaw my death.
My 5 year high school reunion is going to end in a massacre. (Finale)
I found a hidden room in my house.. It doesn't exist.
You Should Press Play
I don't want to see the red lights anymore.
Woman In Need For Vampire Hunter Accomplice
I Sat Face-to-Face With Someone I Knew and Didn't
My husband and I want to kill each other final
[Update] The Black Pills Part 5Any tech I use glitches when I use it but now I'm starting to notice a pattern. I wish I never had.
My Partner is a Wendigo. (Part 1)
Gramma's teeth
None of us can leave work, and there's something wrong with my coworkers. (Part 2)
The T-Posing Man
Memoirs of a Balancer - Not Quite Dead
None of us can leave work, and there's something wrong with my coworkers. (Part 2)
I didn't expect my baby monitor to pick up THIS...
He’s playing a game.
T-posing man
I got an emergency disaster warning at school (Part 1)
Lot 1
I started cycling, so I got no time to sleep... Here's the video
A curiosity for the morbid
I'm Haunted
I will never go to an airbnb again
Mother
I love you, too
The Creature of Cibolo Creek
My Dad’s Family is… Different [Part 1]
If you find yourself at The Sixth Season holiday park turn around immediately.
The Man At The Edge Of The Woods
I didn't do enough research on my employer... now it might cost me my life
Sleep Paralysis: Dreading the Night
The Black Death
Good Night
Those lights..
The Trench That Hungers pt 2
I met a man named Andrew Milton. He was obsessed with time.
Let Me Tell You About Nothing
My Carnival Cruise was RUINED!! Now I am Pissed!!!!!
I Found A Book In the Library That's About Me. Now I'm Afraid For My Life.
I Think My Bedroom Is A Doorway To Another Dimension
I kidnapped and tortured my nephew, and killed 2 people before ending up here.
My school cafeteria is serving a new drink, Dark Chocolate Milk.
We Never Knew What Happened To The Lost Crew of Project Atlantis, Until One of Them Turned Up, and He Had A Diary. We Almost Wish He Didn't. Part 1.
What do I do?
When I was eight year old i had a horrorifying experience with I don't even know.
Weird things happen at Opal Lake, and we are actually going to enter that freaky cabin. Pt 3
Weird things happen at Opal Lake, and we are actually going to enter that freaky cabin.
When i close my eyes, i see my death
My husband and I are trying to kill each other Part 2
You woke up in your room with a massive headache and a mess of chaotic memories
I’m being haunted by Sara Sarita
You woke up in your room with a massive headache and a mess of chaotic memories
Looking for story I read once...
My town survives by making human sacrifices. But someone had to go and ruin everything
My Girlfriend Went Missing Searching For The Truth (part 3)
I lived in a small town nobody's heard of
There’s a woman in the bathroom at my work, she’s been there for a week
I was chosen...
This journal was discovered with the charred remains of 19 bodies. This is the account of Kevin Audrey's encounter with Private Shawn Mcgrassy. (Part 3)
stuck in a lift (paranormal)
Made of Fairy Skin
Someone offered me a deal.. I wish I never took it.
The dream I murdered.
Some traditions are meant to die. The Wayne family tradition lived too long.
A monster is stalking me
I made my sister a promise I didn’t know I would have to keep a month later...(pt 1)
I didn't do enough research on this family, and I think it might cost me my life.
I Witnessed the Death of an Angel- Part 3. Finale.
I’ve photographed an entity floating in my crab apple tree!
I don’t know if this belongs here but
What My Mom Saw in the Shock Trauma OR Terrified Her
pump up kicks
Final Episode. Binging with Babish.
Something's comes to our back garden..
The Insomnia Method
How I Carried On My Best Friend’s Legacy.
I think my neighbour is trying to cast a spell on me - part 2
There's a locked door in my new apartment [Part 6]
The Love of My Life
My friends have started a ritual and we weren't prepared
This isn't a story but I'd like to just share this around!
There's something at the end of my driveway (Part 2)
My Final Day In The Bayou (part 2)
My Final Day In The Bayou (part 1)
Worms
Owl Man
A Spider Bit Me But Didn’t Make Me Spiderman
A recipe for happiness
It Watches (Part 4)
I'm not sure what time I fell out
I had till the man in the water died from drowning to complete my exam
I wrote a creepypasta ritual.It worked.
I just wanted to be beautiful . . .
To anyone who reads this, I’m so sorry.
There's a Witch in the Trunk of My Car
D
My Partner is a Wendigo.
Woman in my room?
Cosmic Slop
Why is Misery So Funny?
Spring-Heeled Jack is back.
There was a woman at the end of my bed.
In the walls [part 1]
Don't visit the Bad River Indian Reservation
[Update] The Black Pills Part 4
On God?..
They’re real and they’re PISSED.Paul &amp; Will
In the walls (part one?)
Pigface
The Nursery
The Man [Part 1]
My grandpa, a retired homicide detective, just told me the case that still keeps him up at night
Walnut Gap Burial Grounds
Sleepless pain
Turns out I don't live alone
The Sleepwalker
The Devil accepted my job application at a Bakery.
Something Was Growing Inside My Dog
Don't tell your mother
Am I possessed?
I wound up working the overnight.
I've been to hell, here's my experience.
I've been to hell, here's my story.
The chAIr
Help me remember a story here
Grandma's Room
I Live At The North Pole( Part 2)
My brother thinks my dead mother is still living with us
The Way Home
The stick-on stickers were twinkling and now my manager is missing part 2
I Live At The North Pole Part 2( Teke-Tekes)
I Am Your Doppelganger
I Am Your Doppleganger
What ever happened to the US search and rescue volunteer with the stories? Did he ever post again?
The Sunlight Ghost of September, Day 2 (Part 1)
Strings
The Sunlight Ghost of September, Day 2 (Beginning)
The DDT [PART 1]
No Sleep By IcyVCA.yt
I work in a haunted Gamestop, for the love of god keep this place open
The factory in town has been doing some shady stuff
Infidelity: (Audio) Read by David Ault and Nikolle Doolin
I hate my growths
Has anyone seen this man?
There's something at the end of my driveway (Part 2)
There's something at the end of my driveway (Part 2)
They Had Such Wide Grins
my dream journal (warning sleep paralysis content)
A friendly reminder
The tattered journal on the beach, of which I'm struggling to deduce its origins.
Pup Play
I have a cousin who is really interested in evolution.
Pup Play
YOU can get rich quick from buying a haunted house
There's something at the end of my driveway. (Part 2)
The Fly-By Club
A person with two genders
Making Believers Out of Them - And Me
There's A Black Hole In My Ceiling That Grows A Little Bigger Each Day. Last Night Something Finally Came Out Of It.
A man knocked on my door at midnight, he gave me a horrible choice.
I ordered some meth off the dark web [PART 1]
I made a dumb decision and now there's something powerful inside my little brother.
You wake up stuck in a ball shaped rocky hole in the ground.
Over and over
I found hidden cameras around my house UPDATE 3
Something Happened To My Daughter And I The other Night, And I am not Sure what it Was?
I found hidden cameras around my house UPDATE 3
At the Door (part 1)
The last discussion
I Witnessed the Death of an Angel- Part 2
The Rich Man’s House
A mothers vengeance for her abducted child. [Part 1]
A mothers vengeance for her abducted child. (Fantasy)
My name is Helena, and I’m a bitch – now I’m about to unleash the Ultimate Bitch (part 2)
My childhood imaginary friends
A distraught mothers vengeance.
I'm a Counselor at my School District's Sleepaway Camp, and Something Strange is Going On... [Part One]
Where The Bad Dads Go
Donkey Kong: Arcade Nightmares
I went to the dentist today.
Whatever Happened to the Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline?
Someone in my town is messing with the occult.
This tape cursed my life
Getting strange calls and voicemails from inactive numbers
Hello r/JustSalt. I Stopped Hunting Down Monsters but I may have to Start Doing it Again
It’s Best to be Quiet in the Woods. Some Things don’t like Being Woken Up.
The year is 2040. There have been riots in the streets of London after Britain has run out of petrol because of an oil crisis in the Middle East
All these efforts for some youtube clickbait.
Good day r/JustSalt. I stopped hunting monsters years ago but I may need to start doing it again
I’m a lawyer and my client is part of a class action law suit against a company that doesn’t exist
Jalopy Junction
Grandma's Bed
The Birthday Curse
I was chosen...
Almost as if nobody had lived there for years
I'm a cleaner - The Organisation
I think my neighbour is trying to cast a spell on me
I was chosen...
Don't Listen to the Voice in the Alleyway
My husband died inside of me. Whatever he left isn't his.
Strangled in my dream
If bones start growing from your skin, don't tell anyone.
There's something at the end of my driveway.
My Interesting Drive Home From Work.
My Drive Home From Work. (WARNING: Probably dull to you)
I Live At The North Pole(Part 2)I Think I Fixed My Anxiety Issues
My name is X and I have a interesting story for you.
You're Immortal, so am I, but we're different
Something Is Wrong With Carol
Every time I go to sleep... I shid and fard
The werewolf horror film that can get you really high
The Monster in my Closet
Incident Report
Incident Report
Insomniacs of reddit, what do you do when you cant sleep?
"I seen it too"
The now mad scientist
Before she died, my grandmother confessed to me where she really came from. I almost believed her.
I'm not sure what time I fell out
Is anyone else here just drawn to the supernatural?
Something Is Wrong With My Mom (pt 1)
I'm a guard stationed at a 'secret' government prison. (Part 6)
I Made a New Friend
Ding Dong Ditch
Someone drugged my drink. After what happened, suicide is the only way out.
My siblings are better than me
A cold night.....
the curse of womanhood (part two)
The Ding Dong Ditch that went to horror
Laplace's Demon
PSA
It all started with a Ding Dong Ditch
Meeting My Girlfriend's Parents
He was just playing.
[Update] The Black Pills Part 3
My horrorifying Pizza Delivery
Falling
Lamb of Death
Humour
Humour
Mary Had a Little Lamb: The song that has tormented me since I was 8 years old.
The Wrath of The Long Dark Forest
The Cold Place
In a city named Liverpool
Don't think of it, don't imagine it.
When he is like this
In a city named Liverpool
I think my friend is going to kill a lot of people, here's my proof
Don't Go Near the Riverman
Twenty-two years ago, I made a deal with a strange little man. Now he wants my soul.
Every time we do acid, my girlfriend sees shadow people. This weekend she introduced me to them.
Everyday I seem to grow another testicle.
One For Sorrow, Two For Joy
Vanity
I housesat for my neighbors, and I regret it so much [Part 1]
Leviathan: Part 2 of 2.
Vanity
Cosmic Slop
You thought you got away!
After The Eradication
School Lunch
Every time we do acid, my girlfriend sees shadow people. This weekend she introduced me to them.
Every time we do acid, my girlfriend sees shadow people. Last weekend she introduced me to them. (1/2)
This is all because of my greedy great grandparents
Leviathan: Part 2 of 2.
I am a ParaMedic, doing search and rescue for humans involving dimensional phenomenon (Part 3)
PALE
Monsters are real and they’re hard to kill
I'm an ex-military intelligence operator and I want to talk about how wendigos are different to vampires and werewolves... [Part 16]
My Brother Got Sick
Leviathan (Part 2 &amp; Final)
This is all because of my greedy great grandparents
Look closely. Can you see it?
D&amp;D got my girlfriend killed.
I'm a magician, and I'm in need of my greatest escape act. [Part 3]
I am having the opposite of sleep paralysis
The previous homeowners left some EBS Tapes when they moved out. I wished they took them...
AITA for potentially getting my girlfriend murdered?
You can't make an omelette without cracking a few eggs.
This is an actual account I had when I was 17years old
Never move into a house once owned by a doctor. You'll start getting blamed for the deaths of his patients.
Cosmic Slop(inspired by an idea by Stephen King)
I had the opposite of sleep paralysis
there is a new path in the forest.
I've answered the door to this trick or treater several times and he won’t leave
I left my job on hunting down monsters years ago and I may have to start again.
Not every voice you hear is friendly
I met the Eagle Of Zeus at a Denny's.He had a message that he asks me to share.
The voices torment from within
Hunt #1: The Arm-Muncher
Part 6. Finale. My husband gave me this necklace. Then strange things happened.
Leviathan (2/2)
Entry 1: Awesomely Awful, Awfully Atrocious, The Atrociously Absurd Arm-muncher
Case 1: Awesomely Awful, Awfully Atrocious, The Atrocious Arm-muncher
I was a Good Wife
My boss is great, except when he turns into a werewolf and kills everyone (Part 2)
I came through a hole in the universe. (Final)
Mr. Cooper's Lawn
I died and was brought back to life but no one remembers me.
when I was a child I was haunted by a shadow person
All I wanted was to take a nap.
Why Can't You Remember When You Fall Asleep?
I've been dead for a year. This ghost town won't let me move on to the afterlife.
My entire town plays red rover on Friday nights
There's a locked door in my new apartment [Part 5]My Album of the Year: Bells of Steel by Spake
I'm a farmer from the Australian Outback, and I have a few stories to tell.
It worked, but I wish it didn't.
Footsteps and dead family members
Rock Bottom
I bought a legally haunted house to get rich quick
Please help. I'm thinking about breaking into Area 51.
A Demon tried to kill me once, now I hunt down demons (Part 7)
Person In The Park
we smelt something horrid in the store room. we were shocked when we checked what was up...
This was actually read in a court of law, if you can believe that
I am God and I need to explain somethings to you
The Great Wizard
Sleeping in the Floor
The Visit
I'm a US Park Ranger at Yosemite National Park. A few days ago something terrifying happened.
I saw something in my neighborhood last night
238 Daniels Lane
I was tired of a karmic magician getting by with everything. So I took cosmic law into my own hands.
Red Springs, the town you’ve never heard of.
Made me laugh...had to share. What a lovely fictional short story 😂😂
My 5 year high school reunion is going to end in a massacre. (Part 3)
The stick-on stickers were twinkling and now my manager is missing.
Something is in my closet
the worst thing about retail isn’t the customers
Ouija- A game , A mystery, A remorse.
Why you can’t go to the water
darker web
Don’t get stuck in amboy part 2
I’m from the future, all the animals are extinct. We brought them back, but they didn’t come back the same.
Be part of the new world with 4Sight!
Don’t get stuck in amboy part 2
Don’t get stuck in amboy part 2
Don’t get stuck in amboy PART 2
My mistake cost the lives of others
Don’t get stuck in Amboy part 2
I went searching for a tree covered in moths
The dangers of "intentional sleeping" include revealing a murder and almost being murdered yourself. PART ONE
[Update] The Black Pills Part 2
I train human remains detection dogs. I can't work in the field anymore.
I'm a diver for the state police (part 1)
I Have an Unusual Infestation
I Found an Old Medical Journal; It’s Handwritten and Terrifying [Pt2]
The Face in the Camera
I Found an Old Medical Journal; It’s Handwritten and Terrifying- “Yes They Will!” (Part II)
scary teletubbies lost episode
I'm starting to think there's no such thing as “Just a road” or “Just a trail” anymore...
Has anyone heard of the Left/Right Game? (Part 7)
I was reading the news, what I saw was horrifying
And when you're done reading this.
Stream of Philosophical Thought
My father was not who he said he was.
The Flower
Stream of Philosophical Thought
when my mother was a little girl in the 1950s, her next door neighbors were murdered in their beds
I'm respawning or something?
There's Nothing To Worry About At Maingrounds Elementary School.
My father is finally going to be happy again
My Father is Hiding Something in the Attic
I Catfish a Different Girl Each Night
Awesiaki: Chapter four: 1631
I've Woken Up In A Hospital - Part Two
my break times choose where and when I get to have a break at work
A Letter from the Lonely Planet
A strange videotape appeared in my mailbox. I regret watching it.
Uncle Tommy
My in counter with a demon
A man named Faust wished that Fairytale creatures were real.
I work in an antique shop, and strange things are happening here... (Part 3)
Run rabbit.
أفضل برنامج تحميل الفيديو للايفون من اليوتيوب مجانا 2019
Something Strange Happened on the Subway
Evidence log one: A wolf in sheep's clothing (Part 1)
A Drink with Death
None of us can leave work. My coworkers don't seem to mind, and there is definitely something wrong with them.
I'm not usually one for stories, but I feel I should share this
Ongoing Stalker Problems
I've come to terms with what I saw in the Ocean
The Witch of The Woods
Stalker Problems(ongoing)
Monsters Are Real and They’re Hard to Kill
Who’s in the attic?
I'm part Atheist and part Satanist
I keep hearing footsteps in the vacant room above me.
I've Woken Up In A Hospital - Part Two
Something wandered into town last night.
under the bed lives peeping tom
Indianapolis
My dog has been talking to me, and what it’s saying doesn’t sound good (Remastered) (Part 1)
My dog has been talking to me, and what it’s saying doesn’t sound good (Part 1) (Remastered)
Monsters Are Real and They're Hard to Kill
My dog has been talking to me, and what it’s saying doesn’t sound good
Weston Halloween Carnival (Johnathan Mulberry)
The video game [part one]
My dog has been talking to me, and what it’s saying doesn’t sound good.
My dog has been talking to me, and what it’s saying doesn’t sound good. (REMASTERED) (PART 1)
So, there's this Hole in the Ground...
I'm receiving weird emails from my company and I don't know what to do
I'm receiving weird emails from my company and I don't know what to do
Inheritance: Chapter OneI am simply known as "the masked hero." But I feel like I'm being used.
WITCH DIARIES
Childhood dreams
I panicked when I lost my son at Disney World, but now I wish that I had flown home without him.
Something's tearing holes in the universe. (Part 2)
The Dark Watcher
The Diary Of A Corpse From Black Dog Lake
Childhood memories
The Diary Of A Corpse From Black Dog Lake
I was abducted as a child
I could see it in the snow. The death of a person
The lady in the house across the street
A babysitter just died once again, but the rules are not that hard to follow !
I used to work night shift
There's something our town doesn't want to talk about. A lake in the woods.
I was at Glenmont metro, and someone asked me to kill him
The Hijra
Passengers
A record of all the strange and horrific events in Black Dog Lake
The Devil's Tramping Ground
I know now that I am dying
I'm Respawning or Something? [Trigger Warning/NSFW]
You Shouldn't Play With The Dead, If you don't know what you're doing. - A Necromancers Guide Volume 2
Am I still in a dream?
A long time away...
The Hildreth Tunnel.
A car crash.
The Haunted Hostel of Hickory Highway
The Haunted Hostel of Hickory Highway
The Man In My Window Is Back.
Not a fairytale after all (Part Two)
I recorded myself sleeping to find out if I snore. That was a terrible idea: Second attempt.
The Tsunami with no water
I think theres something in my hotel room...
My 5 year high school reunion is going to end in a massacre. (Part 2)
One Man's Trash
When I was a teenager I killed dozens of people and then myself. Except, I didn't.
Who wants some babyfood?
Not a fairytale after all (Part Two)
[Update] The Black Pills Part 2
Everything is NOT okay.
The Diary Of A Corpse Near Black dog Lake
When I was a teenager, I killed dozens of people and then myself. But then, I didn't.
[Update] The Black Pills Part 2
The Diary Of A Corpse Near Black Dog Lame
Breaking up with Alice
The Photos in the Woods
Yellow Fog
The modern horror story is a true nightmare.
I'm not sure if I miss her
To Write by Candlelight
Don't know if I miss her
The Haunted Hostel of Hickory Highway
I don't know if I miss her
The Shadows (Fiction)
The World In My Eyes
My little sister brought two rabbits home. Then there were four. Then eight.
Part 5. My husband gave me this necklace. Then strange things happened.
Something lives in my school's vents
The Black Pills
Be Respectful in Cemeteries
Stalker Problems(ongoing)
Part 5. My husband gave me this necklace. Then strange things happened.
“Bröther”
Any Job Suggestions? Tired of Babysitting
**** *******’s application for parole.
At my door
The giggles
We tried to make superheroes in a lab, there were many failures.
I’m The Only One In My Family Who Isn’t A Cannibal [Final]
The biggest mistake of my life.
They grow so fast
I live in hell
Every night, at 2:30 am, I must be in my father’s room.
Every night, at 2:30am, I must be in my father’s room.
Every night, at 2:30am, I must be in my father’s room.
Every night, at 2:30am, I must be in my father’s room.
My boss is usually great, but once a month things get a little hairy (Part 1)
I've Woken Up In A Hospital
I Made a New Friend
I Found an Old Medical Journal; It’s Handwritten and Terrifying
Fancy Words
Why I no longer allow myself to sleep late
New Mexico is a Weird Place (Part 1)
The Puppet Circus
My school lockdown
MonsterX28
My Girlfriend really did love me.
I Made a New Friend
A clown on my street corner just handed a blue balloon to my neighbor. He thinks terror awakens the soul.
I farted now I regret it’s
Its almost been a year since my best friend threatened my life (real events)
Hey guys
Unmarked
Lauren
I am not okay.
Tell Me What You Saw
AahhahahahA Street
My friends keep spamming me this stupid meme!
There is a man hurtling through space, to his death -- yet very few know of him...(Pt1)Something Was Following Me Through the Woods Yesterday
Sister skinned, decapitated, dismembered+more in front of her children by husband. Ask me anything.
Bottom of the Barrel
There is a man hurtling through space, to his death -- yet very few know of him...(part i)
Rakshasa
I Witnessed the Death of an Angel- Part 1
The black widow hotel grants you one wish. I discovered spiders can give you a second chance at life. PART 3
I Love my Family. That's Why I Had to Kill my Husband
[Part 1] I think I drowned in a tragic accident
Little Dead Nancy
Dear passengers of the 6:43 train
Dear passengers of the 6:43 train
Where I've been
NO KARMAS, NO REBIRTH, NO SUFFERING!
And everything will be okay.
We received replies from not one, but possibly many alien groups today.
We received a signal to not one, but possibly many alien groups.
I should have stayed home
The Death Pill
I shot and killed my best friend.
God = Happiness
I shot and killed my best friend
Dream walkers
Being in the NOW
There’s something wrong with my sister
''Meet me in Toon Town.''
Ranger 1, do you copy?
Wildflowers
Something strange happened at my Honky Tonk.
Why doesn't anyone remember my town
Superheroes are real
I could hear a woman call for help
This journal was discovered with the charred remains of 19 bodies. This is the account of Kevin Audrey's encounter with Private Shawn Mcgrassy. (Part 2)
I could hear a woman plead for help
My favorite mug has photos of someone else's family
The Cleaning Crew
I could hear a woman begging me for help
The puzzle was solved now I can’t see him anymore. The Shadow Man
Carolyn Says
I wake up at night for no reason.
SOMETHING WAKES ME UP EVERY 12:02 AM
My 5 year high school reunion is going to end in a massacre.
The Typhon
My Mom's Apocalypse - PART TWO
Guys pls respond
I have been talking to my sister...she's been dead for almost 13 years now.
Do What You Love
Comics of DEATH!!!
My bedroom used to have a door.
The Dog Man
Part 4. My husband gave me this necklace. Then strange things happened.
Chapter 1; How i got under investigation by the FBI, Australian police and Gang crew
There's a locked door in my new apartment [Part 4]
I experienced something very odd as a child and wanted to sort of revive the moment to ask people what the heck happened lol
This is the start of the apocalypse, and no one is talking about it.
Sunrise was the best thing that could happen
I'm trapped in a room with a pill bottle
I'm a magician, and I'm in need of my greatest escape act. [Part 2]
The True Horror Movie Experience. Part Five.
It Watches (Part 3)
Hi reddit how do I stop being so tired all the time 19M problem with boss
Closer
My weird haunted house ( true story)
The Executioner
I buried my cat for a second time.
Someone Has Been Sleeping in My Bed
Weird things happen at Opal Lake, and I'm going back there. Pt2
Ice cubes melting. Help!
We attempted a burglary and something horrible that I can't explain happened to us in the apartment.
Weird things happen at Opal Lake, and I'm going back there. ( Pt2)
What it's like to live in total isolation
The Executioner
Housebreaking
Creepy phone call!!!!!!!!
Does It Hurt to Die?
I was Born Blind, But in my Dreams I can See. I Wish I hadn't Made it Stop.
I don’t care what you say, you’re not my wife.
Who was on the other side of my room?
Never look at the bright side of life
Episode 1 of the flat
Never look at the bright side of life!
Another Ouija board story
Never look at the bright side of life!
This journal was discovered with the charred remains of 19 bodies. This is the account of Kevin Audrey's encounter with Private Shawn Mcgrassy. (Part 2)
Welcome to JBS International
The Box
Dr. Marilyn Monroe Queen of the Jewish people - Government meeting No 1
Kitty
My name is Helena and I’m a bitch
I let a woman eat for free at my restaurant last night. It was the best decision I ever made.
I Am Blind
What happened to Angela?
Don't Stare at a Mirror in the Dark
A Long Drive Home
Donovan Knew Too Much
The skin simply melts off the bone.
Scary story video
My Town is Dying, and I'm Stuck Inside
The Black Files: Case 1 - The Little Lord (Videotape)
The man with the wicked hazel eyesClowns of 2016
How i got under investigation by the FBI, Australian police and -- crew
I am never killing again.
Chapter 1- How i got under investigation by the FBI, Australian police and -- Gang
She watches me when I sleep
A dream that you have always vividly remembered?
5th September 2019
She watches me while I sleep
I work for a secret agency, they sent me to collect something that shouldn’t exist.
Forget Me Not
When the cicadas go quiet
The Keeper
"The Woman in Room 406" [Part 2]
I jump-started the apocalypse. And I'm not sorry.
The Clockmaker (Part 1)
I Can't Die. Pt.(3) Welcome to Oklahoma.
Not a fairytale after all
There's a woman under my bed
Kitty toy
The Clockmaker (Part 1)
The Clockmaker. (Chapter 1)
Toy kitty
I’ve been imprisoned in a facility for the past three weeks, I think I have a shot of getting out now.
I ordered Nicolas Comics, I shouldn't have
A Story from Malaysia - My Brother
I ordered Nicolas Comics. I shouldn't have!
The Man In The Woods
shekes dont listen to u/mr.neaves
‘Unwanted things’
Family Game Night (Part 2): How It Began
Who Needs Prom Queen?
Who Needs Prom Queen?
I met a being made of evil
the curse of womanhood
Wtf is a lime scooter haunting me
Dream's Trap
Lucky Jacket
I'm a Boston Homicide Detective investigating the most heinous serial killer since The Strangler
Snyder's of Hanover Pretzel Pieces, Honey Mustard and Onion, 8 Ounce
I'm hiding in my broom closet right now and the knocking is getting louder
Tranquility Lane
Haunted bunny?
The day I saw it. The end of the world. Released and owned by Company *Expunged*, released by Operative *Expunged*.
The day my friend showed me the cause for the end of the world. (Case file found at Site Alpha-Delta-6. Property of *Expunged* Company. Sent out to the public by operative *Expunged*).
Haunted Stuffed Bunny?
Here’s a made up horror story I made ( just for fun) : Hide And Seek
Part 3. My husband gave me this necklace. Then strange things happened.
The River of Blood, Part 1
So had very weird dream about a job recently taken in the dream.
A few years ago I spent some time in solitary confinement, but I wasn't really alone
I'm an ex-military intelligence operator and I want to talk about extra PT sessions... [Part 15]
I was a Lumberjack
Help
orange candy coming out of my shoe??
orange candy coming out of my shoe?
I don't want you walking in the water
If you're near my coordinates...run
I received an invitation to a party. The venue was my own home address - Part II
I fell asleep in class and woke up surrounded by strangers.
My Dream journal
I have met god, and he is not proud of his creation.
Weird things happen at Opal Lake, I saw a long woman there.
“You can see in death not hear, not feel but you can see”
I had to use a battery operated lightbulb because the power went out in my house. The truth was much more sinister.
Lauren
After the storm.An SCP tale.
There's something wrong with the local ice-cream truck.
I had an episode climbing a Wind Turbine
Luke
This journal was discovered with the charred remains of 19 bodies. This is the account of Kevin Audrey's encounter with Private Shawn Mcgrassy.
Part 3: My husband gave me this necklace. Then strange things happened.
Part 3. My husband gave me the necklace. Then strange things started happening.
This Journal was found with the charred remains of 19 bodies. This is the account of Kevin Audrey's encounter with Private(ranked 5 star for danger).
Disobedient Children Are Punished.
An old game of mine is talking...but the batteries died years ago.
I was inches from being murdered.
my sister
Cautiousness during nightmare.
The Man in the Barbers
A ghostly priest in an underground city wants me to take revenge on a family line. I don't know who to trust.
Cautiousness during nightmare.
I’m a new teacher at the Red Grove Boarding School. They have a lot of rules here; and none of them are for the children.
Ceresco, Nebraska (Part 3)
He Stared at the Mug Til It Moved
I'm hiding from it in the broom closet right now and it really wants me to let it in
The old asylum won't let us leave. It's using the weather to keep us trapped.
I see things when I blink
I saw Baphomet
Baphomet
A Good Night's Sleep
There's a voice that follows me but won't stop. (Part 1)
Insomnia &amp; Other Sleep Disorders Home Remedies
Luke
Shit's gonna hit the fan in nine days
I recently moved next to a big park in the city.
Please help. I have 24 hours to live.
A Demon tried to kill me once, now I hunt down demons (Part 6)
Controller almost blows up in my hands
I was walking home and dozens of seemingly unrelated strangers were making noises and doing unnatural things to purposefully make me go literally insane. What happened?
This world is cruel pt 1...I'm a doctor, and I recently discovered a terrifying new disease.
I think something might be in my house
Not sure
I think something might be in my house
Disobedient Children Are Punished.
Franchising.
Please help........ (shadowman)
A true story.
We found a transcript of a Viking raid, but something is very, very wrong with it. (Part 1)
PLease help.....
I'm a guard stationed at a 'secret' government prison. (Part 5)
"It Tired To Lure Me Outside"
Post Malone
He watches us from a distance
It just showed up one day
I think my dreams are leaking into reality. (UPDATE)
Silence
Graphic: Nigerian man sets his son ablaze for allegedly stealing $1 from landlord
Looking for a particular story
I'm in the middle of a school shooting.
A Bear (part 2)
The reason I didn't sleep this weekend.
I Survived Hell on Earth (Part 2)
A Late Night Walk
A clown on my street corner gives balloons to sad children. He taught me something about myself.
The Typhon
ENTRY #220 09/2/2019 JOURNAL OF VICTIM #1
the curse of womanhood
I was the bodyguard of a Hollywood exec
There’s Something Wrong With My Foster Family
How to Survive Camping - Rule #3: the lights
Helen and George's House. [Part 2]
The Chicken
Shocking
There’s something in my walls.
Something is messaging me on discord, and it isn’t human
I Met The Beast, And I Think Its Contagious
No sleep
The Chicken
Hair on the Back of Your Head
Have you ever tried DMT ?
I snooped in my sons room while he was at school. I don’t like what I found. PART 1
My Ex-Boyfriend
no cheating this test
Somone's life Pt. 1
i keep hearing sounds.
Chief's Special
I Wish I Could Sleep
Strange Ladders Have Been Appearing Across My College
Ladders have been appearing in strange places R my college.
Spirit Hunter Part 1 First hunt
Autopsy Report
I think I got a cursed tattoo
Ladders have been appearing in strange places around my college.
My dad left me a burden as inheritance and I don't now how to deal with it
Sweet Release - For Those That Seek An End To All Problems
The wormhole that led to a demonic universe.
crazy guy checks horror storys
Declared a missing person at 2 years old
I'm not one for telling stories, but I felt I should share this
The clown in my Township
Have you ever tried DMT?
My mentally ill neighbor turned out to be a serial killer. I survived the attack.
Ladders have been appearing in strange places at my college.
I don’t want to go back to work tonight after what I just experienced
I’m a Wandering Soul and My Time is Running Out
It won’t stop growing.
I found the charred remains of a guestbook. Each entry is more horrifying than the last.
The clown in my Township
Part 2: My husband gave me this necklace. Then strange things started to happen.
Paranormal?
Township
Would You Rather
The Laciville Hotel
It Likes You
Update: I didn't mean to . . . I was just playing and it went off. Help me fix my daddy?
My (Currently) Haunted home. Part 1
We Traveled Into the Amazon Rainforest. We Discovered Something Truly Evil.
Nightmare stories part two
Update: I didn't mean to . . . I was just playing and it went off. Help me fix my daddy?
SANPF) DON'T COME HERE
"ONE HOSPITAL PATIENT FREAKED ME OUT"
It Likes You
SANPF) DON'T COME HERE
I operate a base that contains anomalies.
The black widow hotel grants you one wish. Even if you don't ask for it. PART 2
If You See An Old Woman In The Mirror, Don't Look
I found a Leaked Transmission from the future at NASA's website.
Recently moved in to a communist era apartment with my girlfriend and I couldn't regret it more.
Midnight Blood Drive
I'm a Zookeeper. Something is Very Wrong With the Animals Here.
Awesiaki: 1630 - The Expedition
*Beep* *Beep* *Beep*
Dream Reapers
Where am I? Please give me a sign of human life. Final part
RKO-912
goop
I must kill the demons that plague this world.
My family don't remember things I do
Where am I? Please give me a sign of human life p2please help
Hello, I am Death
Three Days.
I found a Road to Nowhere. You can too.
I found hidden cameras around my house (UPDATE)
My son's ghost can cripple your honor student.
I found hidden cameras around my house (UPDATE)
Greists Vacation
I conducted an experiment on fear. Now I need your help.
The jersey devil cursed my little brother
I think its a women in my room!!!
Every evening begins with a phone call
Green,Not Black
I Work At An Aquarium. Don’t Take Your Kids To “See The Fishes”
My Girlfriend Went Missing Searching For The Truth (part 2)
Monsters are real. They do not live in caves.
A wendigo was watching me, I'm not going back
Ang Katipan Kong Aswang (True Tagalog Horror Story)
There's Another Moon in the Sky
My haunted friends
I want to take things to the next level, but the girl I’m in love with has some pretty big red-flags
It's in the early hours of the morning that we see them
Don't make a sound
Bodies Keep Disappearing From The Morgue
The repairman in my building is a baby snatcher.
WhAtsGoingOn
A story passed down for centuries.
I think my roommate is possessed?
A story passed down for centuries in my tribe.
Tsunami Ghosts
I Picked up A girl on a Midnight Drive home, But She Isn't Alone.
Uninvited house guest
Things feel different... Not as they used to...
PLEASE READ
My friends wanted to go to a music festival.
I picked up a girl on the late night drive home, and i don't think she's alone.
Richemont Peak University
Why I Don't Play MINECRAFT Anymore
i did the bell jar alarm clock experiment and I heard something inside the bell jar while all the air was taken out
Why I dont play MINECRAFT anymore
I think I've found a hole in the universe.
Just a note
Them
She won’t let me stop
Devils incarnate
My Grandpa ran moonshine
Devil incarnate
Every hour an alarm goes off and I don’t know how to stop it.
16 Miles
The Greenwood Hotel-Return to the Hotel with the Thirteenth Floor
The Greenwood Hotel-Return to the Hotel with the Thirteenth Floor
There's been a tornado warning for the past three days. I don't think whats outside is a tornado. Part 2, Finale
There's been a tornado warning for the past three days. I don't think whats outside is a tornado. (Part 2, Finale)
I found a diary from 27 years ago hidden at a tree, now strange things keep happening (Part 1)
Pretty sure there was someone in the house that night.
My best friend doesn't have a name.
What's Killing All The Birds On Pembroke Road?
I had a micro-nap while I was typing, here is the holy covenant between subconsciousnes and autocorrecting AI
Grandpa taught us not to poach
Does anyone know a good exterminator?
Grandpa Said Not to Poach
The Chase.
The all-consuming forehead of Gary Rowles (chapter 1)
We found a historical account of a Viking raid, but there's something very wrong about it.
I think my dreams are leaking into reality.
There's just to many spiders
The Man In The Waves
Hades' Coin
My Silent Screams
The Journal (Part 1)
There's been a tornado warning for the past three days. I don't think whats outside is a tornado. (Part 2)
I am too scared to go to sleep because all i see are those damn eyes.
I think something is in my shower drain
I Survived Hell on Earth (Part 2)
I Survived Hell on Earth
I found a diary at a forest. Now I'm transcribing it.
Shallow Water
the sleepover that haunts me forever
the sleepover that haunts me forever
There is a cloud raining jelly beans in the backyard
Killer on the radio?
I found a strange CD in an old book from a popular radio host
There is a cloud raining jelly beans in the backyard
I found a CD in an old book from a popular radio host
The Rattle
I found a diary in the forest. I have written it on reddit for you guys.
I found a diary in the forest. Entry 1
Hair on the Back of Your Head
My friend was Taken in the Middle of The Night
I haven’t seen it again.
I think these regular customers are stalking me.
Some days are better than others
Nobody from my town likes to talk about my brother
I dreamt something, that shouldn't be possible to dream
J xjmm dpnf bhbjo
The future
Whats Going ON
I wish I could have just stayed asleep
PLEAE READ THIS
I can't trust anyone anymore.I wish I could have just stayed asleep.
The girl on the ceiling
Singularity
Gone like the wind.
"NEVER recover deleted files from a USED COMPUTER. They are deleted for a REASON.
I always loved to go ghost hunting...
My father is the best scientist in the world (Part 1)
Donner Pass, Camp Winthers, Devil's Peak
Help.
The girl on the ceiling
201 Caldwell Drive (Part Three)
The Fifth Hour of Darkness
I took an unmarked exit and ended up in a plastic town [Part 2]
I’m a Scientist Stationed in Antarctica And I found something that could threaten the World itself
It Likes Me
The girl on the ceiling
My grandfather has an underground farm
201 Caldwell Drive (Part Three)
People Have Been Disappearing
It Likes Me
01001001 00100000 01101011 01101001 01101100 01101100 01100101 01100100 00100000 01110011 01101111 01101101 01100101 01101111 01101110 01100101 00100000 01100001 01100011 01100011 01101001 01100100 01100101 01101110 01110100 01100001 01101100 01101100 01111001 00100000
I'm a magician, and I'm in need of my greatest escape act. [Part 1]
The Motel ( Part 1 )
Godspeed, Captain Ramos
The dwarf shadow
I'm a magician, and I'm in need of my greatest escape act. [1: Ms. Morgan]
My Side Of The Story
I Was Imprisoned For 24 Hours Inside a Dollhouse Escape Room
The Hotel ( Story not true ) Part 1
A Demon Will Consume Me
01001001 00100000 01101011 01101001 01101100 01101100 01100101 01100100 00100000 01110011 01101111 01101101 01100101 01101111 01101110 01100101 00100000
Mr Banana
01101001 00100000 01101011 01101001 01101100 01101100 01100101 01100100 00100000 01110011 01101111 01101101 01100101 01101111 01101110 01100101 00101100 01100001 01101110 01100100 00100000 01101001 00100000 01100110 01100101 01100101 01101100 00100000 01100111 01110101 01101001 01101100 01110100 011
I was kidnapped by something not entirely human
I was kidnapped by something not entirely human
I need HELP
GOD
My husband gave me this necklace. And then strange things happened.
I Hunt Unruly Spirits
The black widow hotel grants you one wish. Even if you don't ask for it.
My Girlfriend Found An Obsidian Mirror Buried In The Woods While Camping Today. There's Something Inside It.
I ordered a product from an infomercial. After it arrived, I found a disturbing letter inside.
We were tasked to find a cure for immorality
My Mom's Apocalypse
The Hunger
I didn't mean to . . . I was just playing and it went off. Help me fix my daddy?
My last trip to my dads old house was very....odd.
Sam
Oh htank god a signal
Apparently "mainstream therapy" means taking out your brain.
I'm a first year teacher, but you will never believe what I found in my classroom on the first day of school
I Hunt Unruly Spirits
I am the monster under your bed
The awakening
The Man in my Hall Closet Won't Stop Screaming
He was just playing
Something terribly wrong happens in the Louvre Museum on Mondays
I work in an antique shop, and strange things are happening here... (Part 2)
An Act of Passion
Susie
A statue at the British Museum made a an disappear
A statue at the Beitish Museum made a man disappear
I received an invitation to a party. The venue was my own home address
A Forbidden Love
I gave birth to you, daddy
Fudge Pudding
This Happened...
I killed Satan
My neighbor has to eat a human being every 24 hours
Mr. Spareparts
I killed Satan
Just Once More
An entire town's population vanished (part 2)
I’ve some bugs for sale and I think I'm turning into one too
Awesiaki: Chapter three: 1630
We Are Burning The Amazon To Stop It From Getting Free
PLEASE LOOK
I work in an office building...right?
Rabies
My time as a Security Guard.
My Eccentric Neighbor liked to Plant Cuts of Steak in his Garden, I Think I Know Why He Dissapeared
Switching.
Switching.
I Live At The North Pole
Gramma's Teeth
[UPDATE] I found medical documents in that abandoned outpost
I love it here where we get the help we need.
the night everything changed...
sss pp
Sunday night
The man outside my window.
I woke up in a hellscape, and I can't remember anything
Stranger banging on my door at 4am.
I recorded myself sleeping to find out if I snore. That was a terrible idea.
Snapback
I got stuck in the year 2019.
The Shark
I'm surrounded by people, but alone. I am prey.
Paranoia
There's been a tornado warning for the past three days. I don't think whats outside is a tornado.My name is Noah Becker, and I am the sole survivor of the Bluebonnet, an American fishing vessel out in the Atlantic.
Never follow what path your heart tries to take you..
If You Hear Something in the Woods, Don't Follow the Noise, Of Course
Gas station stalkers
Never trust where your heart tries to lead you..
Every night, at 4 AM, I hear a woman crying in my backyard - Update
Helen and George's House. [Part 2]
I moved to maine with my dying sister. I found out about the state's hidden history of cannibalism.
Never going to my grandmas house again
Never going to my grandmas house again
The Horse and The Sickness
The Childless Mother
The cameras saved us.
A Forbidden Love
People keep staring at me and I don’t know why
Bobby's Arcade
The Sleep Stalker
Bed Hiders
Ceresco, Nebraska (Part 2)
I found a weird artifact in the woods by my house
Ceresco, Nebraska (Part 2)
My best friend is just too wild for me. He almost got me killed by demonic hounds.
Helen and George's House. [Part 2]
Don't go down the trail
I think I took a ride on the Philadelphia Wandering Bus
I am a ParaMedic, doing search and rescue for humans involving dimensional phenomenon (Part 2)
I've just taken medical retirement from an agency I'm not allowed to admit exists
Face In The Static
My Brother drowned in a lake three years ago. Now he's trying to kill me.
Card #247 - yet another Nokogiri vulnerability
Face In The Static (My first story, no experience)
I've just taken medical retirement from an agency I'm not allowed to admit exists.
There is somebody outside
I Have The Same Dream Almost Every Night
The silver point moth problem
They Dream I Have Almost Every Night
Tea Time
Le labo santal 33 vs Arlo Room scent :)
Some time ago, I had to move out of my apartment
I got stuck in the year 2019.
creepypasta: halloween- the legend of Chris Brown
Wake up!
What happened at Camp Eventide PART 2
Creepypasta: The legend of Chris Brown- Halloween- 1 part
My cat
Failure is not the end of your story but the start of your come back story
Every night i here foot steps out side my window,now im scared to sleep
I started to notice my cat kept staring at me, but when I looked closer she was staring slightly past me.
I work in an office building...right?
I stayed at the Red Emblem Hotel and lived to tell about it... sort of
I stayed at the Red Emblem Hotel and lived to tell about it (sort of)
An entire town's population vanished (Part 2)
The man who smiles
201 Caldwell Drive (Part Two)
I took an unmarked exit and ended up in a plastic town
The Number Neighbor
The coast isn't safe (Part 3)
Poached Egg
Do you hear the whispers?
An entire town's population vanished (Part 2)
The Wendigo
Just a dream...?
Was it really a dream..?
Pached Egg
A cursed called 'Yesterday Was Better'
An interesting story I found Online
I live on a farm out in the sticks. There are some strange creatures roaming our patch of land. [5]
Personal Cache
Don't follow the stream to its origin.
The Wendigo
I always kept the advice in mind: Ignore the Drowning Man.
The Black Wedding
The Doll
Deadly Creatures that live in The Sewers just started an apocolypse (Part 1)
I don't experience Thursdays
A new 'HOME'...a freaky horror story to give you chills
The Carnival In The Cellar
in here. part one of more. hopefully.
My Morning Shave Was A Huge Mistake
I'm a cleaner - clean up on isle 4
The knocking.
The crimes I may have committed
Relative Accounts series episode 1
I Watched The Movie Final Destination With My Best Friend Scott. Death Has Been Trying To Kill Him Ever Since.
I Watched The Movie Final Destination With My Best Friend Scott. Death Has Been Trying To Kill Him Ever Since.
The Dead Girl’s Ghost
What Happens When We Die
Ava
I'm a psychologist. I have a patient that is a "soul sucker."
I heard a weird voice while driving to virgina
I know what happens when you die.
The Doll
The darkness will escape
An entire town's population vanished (Part 1)
Here kitty kitty.
Summoning Christmas in our Hearts
True Fucked Craigslist Experience
Where am I? Please give me a sign of human life. P2
Where am I? Please give me a sign of human life p2.
"Tiger"I've been to Dyatlov Pass, Something Horrible Is Out There and It Doesn't Like Visitors
the man in the corner, a real story by a real teen
the man in the corner (100% true, i promise)
Why I am not a police officer anymore.
Fight or flight
The faces I see when I'm falling asleep, they change from young to old, male to female, 100 people in a minute. I jolt awake when one of them looks back at me. Has anyone else experienced this?
I am nothing, and yet, I am here.
The Pit (Part 5)
Drugged
Every night, at 4 AM, I hear a woman crying in my backyard
I found out that my grandparents had a house, today me and my friends are checking it out - Finale
Please read this. I can't promise I'm not crazy. But I just want to help. (Part 5)
The Body in the Attic
Lake Tahoe
The day I became a bounty hunter, but I don't specialize is humans (Part 1)
Helen and George's House. [Part 1]
The truth.
Father
I work in a nursing home, I’m not sure what to make of the strange things that happen on night shift
I Helped Create An App Called SeerAR. It's Scarier Than I Thought.
Our neighbor gave us a book on shadow worship. Now we are afraid to go into our basement.
What happened to the old babysitter? (Part one)
I work in an antique shop, and strange things are happening here...
I work in a nursing home, I don’t know what to make of the weird things that happen on the night shift
I work in an antique shop, and strange things are happening here....
Weird guy (possible cultist) getting in my life
I work in an antique shop, and strange things are happening here....
Unreleased Presidential Addresses [Pt.2]
A Dream Or Reality
Tea Time (much gore)
SOME BLACK MAGIC BULLSHIT
Please help. I have an hour to live.
An Absolute Darkness
Tea Time
Tea Time (Gore)
Tea Time (Gore)
A Voice in the Shadows part 4 of 4: Paging Mister Graves
I work for THEM or THEY
The Ceresco, Nebraska Curse
The Red Cloak Japanese Urban Legend Horror story
Steak Part 2
My body is slowly being replaced with someone else's. Final part.
The fair
My body is slowly being replaced with someone else's (Final part)
An Absolute Darkness
My body is slowly being replaced with someone else's (Final part)
I hunt nightmares
Everyone thinks my uncle died in a car crash but I know otherwise
A Collection of Recurring Dreams - Part 2 - "An Absolute Darkness"
Everyone thinks my uncle died in a car crash but I know otherwise part 2
My Scariest Day Drinking Experience
A Collection of Recuring Dreams - Part 2 - "An absolute Darkness"
My Grade 6 Horror Story - made it in 20 minutes
I’m the monster who lives in your closet. And I just had the worst experience of my life. (Part 6)
I was pen pals with an executed death row inmate. I think he was innocent. Final Part.
I am a ParaMedic, doing search and rescue for humans involving dimensional phenomenon
this world is cruel pt.1
I think I went to a purgatory or hell last night
Where am I? Please give me a sign of human life
The Mysterious Case of Terry Langston
I found a blog called We are Finding Gix. [/?]
Im a psychic
I hunt nightmares.
I have to help a ghost in a lot of trouble - PART TWO
Disturbing CB radio broadcasts 2 - Lonely Girl and the Fallen Horseman
What happened at Camp Eventide
I had an operation in Serbia.
I can see it in the snow. The death of a person
Why Can't They See Me (Part 4)
If you ever find yourself at The Clockwork Hotel, stay inside your room at midnight. That's when the children come out to play. PART 2/2
The man
I work at the Moonlight Inn, And things keep getting worst.
The man
Anyone have solutions to my horrible insomnia?
The Empty Room Part 1
Found The Reddit Mobile User
My Girlfriend Went Missing Searching For The Truth (Part One)
I Ask For Faith
Im a fireman who got called in for a “threat”
I Had Let Him Out, And He Helped Me
I've Let Him Out, and He's Helped Me. [NSFW]
I'm the familiar/ghoul of a 300 year old vampire.
Who are they?
The Strange Case of Gemma Delacroix
No one shouldn't have a funeral.
It had to be done
How do you trust?
The Murder Case of the Hilton Household
No one is who they seem.
If you hear a sound at night, please make a run for it.
Our New House Isn't Even Haunted
Seashells
It hates my music
I made a racy video, but what happened at the end surprised even me
It had to be done
It had to be done
It had to be done
The government is up to something, and they've done something to me
It had to be done
So this has really freaked me out recently and I don’t know what to do.There's a locked door in my new apartment [Part 3]
Oopsy daisy
I've been dead for three days, I think I may be a poltergeist
I've been dead for three days
i´m not human, ;) proof here
My Girlfriend Went Missing Searching For The Truth (part 1)
Cars and Tigers
To Be Forgiven
Round we go the world is spinning, when it stops it’s just beginning. Sun goes up we live and we cry, sun goes down and then we all die.
I'm a guard at a containment facility. What I saw down in 7B was not human. (Part 1)
Crunch.
"move over a little bit"
I'm a guard stationed at a 'secret' government prison. (Part 4)
All The Ones You'll Never Hear About
I work at the Moonlight Inn and things keep getting weirder. PT.2
Go to sleep
A tour of my new apartment complex!
Bus Stop
I used the devil to cheat on a test. Now he's my math teacher.
Just a dream? Or a warning...?
Trying to find a story
I Met My Doppelganger But There Was Something Wrong.
It Watches (part 2)
They Don’t Call it the Slaughter Pen for Nothing...
Right now, a submarine that you've never hear of is sinking. I'm on board.
The house.
I tried free online therapy. My therapist is disturbing. PART 2
Awesiaki: Chapter two: 1625
A dark figure
I met a big black dog on my way home
I Am A Journalist and I’ve Had To Throw Away Some Stories
I Helped Create An App Called SeerAR. Please Never Download It.
I Bought the Wrong Eggs.
The noises for my window
“The Woman in Room 406” [part 1]
Dear Diary
People keep disappearing.
Oranges
My Friend Invited Dead People to His 30th Birthday (Part 1)
Anyone else encounter the entity ZAZA or MAMA ZAZA on a Ouija board?
You have the chance to save six lives.
When gods meet
In my hometown we have a goblin problem
They Don't Call it the Slaugher Pen Trail for Nothing . . .
The Bellstrike at Midnight
Whats happening?
Terrible Tom terrorized me with the same dead body over and over again.
Bailey's Trunk or Treat
The concert woman
There's another...like me?
This is how it started
My Mother’s Hands
Kill Me Twice (Finale)
My ability to summon people at will turned out to be a curse, and it gets worse the more I think.
Unreleased Presidential Addresses [Pt.1]
The Chrysalis Incident [Part 1]
The Bloody Communist Tunnel, Part l, The Discovery
I was Born Blind, But in my Dreams I can See. I just Want it to Stop.
To be Read in case of [Insert Tragedy here]
Why Not to be an Asshole in Traffic
The Battlefield Catacombs, Part l, The Discovery
Creepy BMW...
My daisy
If you ever find yourself at The Clockwork Hotel, stay inside your room at midnight. That's when the children come out to play. PART 1/2
The mystery of Gracelock (Part 1)
There's another...like me?
Green,Not Black
“The Woman in Room 406”
Transylvanian Hunger
Tornado Warning
Found Footage
The Rope Bridge that Leads to Nowhere
Please, tell me what it means
The Dream
My cave diving expedition
I found hidden cameras around my house (UPDATE)
The mystery of Gracelock (Part 1)
The Half Pet
The Zoo
I work at a family entertainment centre and the ball-pit keeps trying to replace me [part 3]
Black Coffee.
I Lie for a Living, and My Evil Deeds Have Finally Caught Up to Me
The Help
My Friends and I Found Something Disturbing While Hiking in Utah [Final]
What Happens When We Die
I worked at a Christian summer camp. I now believe in demons (Part 9)
I worked at a Christian summer camp. I now believe in demons (Final part)
Black Coffee - A (possibly) original story.
The Troll Eaters
My plane was hijacked - but not by terrorists
I made a racy video, and now something is inside my house
A Voice in the Shadows part 3 of 4: A. L. M. O. S. T.
Mr. O'Brien's Party Place
My scary experience with sticky notes.
Skinwalkers in New Zealand
I'm an ex-military intelligence operator and I want to talk about being in a bind... [Part 14]
My brother and I almost got kidnapped.
First update: my cock wont maintain an erection longer than 7 seconds, while a shining light comes before me.
Feeling like I’m not really there?
The Puddle of DeathYou
I work at the moonlight inn and I’m afraid
this plane of existence
Eight Screams - please advise
What they got was too good for them
My horrifying discovery from a old high school yearbook
I have a vent above my door
The world stopped moving, but it didn’t
My mom died. Now she's back and wants to kill my sister. [Pt.3]
I can't get rid of it
201 Caldwell Drive
PLEASE HELP ME FIND THIS STORY
Help, I'm lost and can't remember my name!
The Game
Hey there, BOY!
Alaskan guide, Trapper, and Monster Hunter (Part 2)
Jezebel
Maybe it isn’t a fairytale after all
The 7-11 Man (Story from Llama Arts)
Maybe my life isn’t the fairytale I thought it was.
The Devil Didn’t Do It.
What did they see 25 years ago?
The real reason why Americans are stupid
Maybe it isn’t a fairytale after all
Once Upon A Time
I was a manager at an Escape Room, and now it's my turn. (Final)
Am I being paranoid?
I feel like I’m fading away, and now I don’t know what to think
I met the ghost in the attic
How to become a god
Something Happened to me at XC Practice
This isn’t a dream anymore...
This isn’t a dream anymore...
Language of the damned
Thanks Mom
Area 51 dream
Never Talk to Yourself in a Dream
A.I. is Already Awake
Some secrets are best left undiscovered.
At the foot of my bed
My Mother Is Everywhere
I was pen pals with an executed death row inmate. I think he was innocent. Part 2
Thanks Mom
The Mickey Mouse Madhouse: Pt. 1
I Did Something Terrible During The War
His Best Friends Are Rocks
Global warming has more repercussions than you would think.
Awesiaki: Chapter one - 1607
Meiko keeps on smiling, but why? [Part 1]
The Pale Lady
The True Threat
I tried free online therapy. My therapist is disturbing.
Song of the Sea
My daughter has a notebook full of names: Severing Ties
I work night shift at a middle school
Final Measure
Eggshells
My carpool driver hasn't stopped driving for 36 hours straight now.
My dream is keeping me up all night
Updates from the Pig Pen: The New Recruit.
My parrot wont stop screaming.
The Archivist
The hooded man
It only writhes in the dark.
A youtube personality said he's taking horror back to its roots
My daughter is not the monster.
Children and their sweet innocence
Crazy minds tear apart themselves
Ralph
I Keep Finding Pieces of Glass In My House
I tried to sneak by my neighbors after they had a fight, but I found something else
My Work is Haunted
I Played the Elevator Game...
The Disappearance of Will Gardner
Final Update: My Daughter was Stuck Inside a Wall
Our new roommate is bizarre to say the least
The Delivery- Entering the House
I Don't Know What Happened, But It Creeped Me Out
How do I get my roommates to stop laughing?
The Scarecrow
Never go to the youtube channel FrySkes Clogs
Never go to the youtube channel Fryskes Clogs
My daughter is not the monster.
The day my Brother got possessed
The Angel
Snoring Toy Baby
Monsters are escaping from my dad's VR headset.
My Friends and I Found Something Disturbing While Hiking in Utah [Part Two]
A Horrific Misunderstanding
I made a racy video, and I discovered a horrible secret about my past
A Voice in the Shadows part 2 of 4: The Medium
Someone's stalking me.
Someone's stalking me.
Followed at Wal-Mart? Am I just paranoid?
A Demon tried to kill me once, now I hunt down demons (Part 5)
Update: My Last Deployment: Community Service.
Mission
Exorcism
Inhale. Exhale. I repeat these words only to remain alive.
(Inhale. Exhale.) I repeat these only to remain alive.Imaginary Friend
My best friend hasn’t been acting like himself, at all, really.
A cure for Tinnitus.
True Strory
my dad is a hitman (part 1)
Everytime I think about aliens our spaceship pauses.
This probably sounds ridiculous, but my pet hamster has been acting weird lately and it’s starting to freak me out.
I am the last titan
The Man In the Window
At least we still don't feel a thing.
All I see are red eyes....
I'm receiving strange emails. Someone in town wants "virgin blood."
The Game
The Game
Tough Guy pt. 1
My uncle gave me a high-power telescope. What I saw came after me.
I'm a manager of an Escape Room, and I haven't been honest. (Part 3)
Voiding Call
Escaping the Trap of a Serial Killer in Backwoods Connecticut
Family Game Night
Before taking a girl home in Trinidad, check both of her feet
Who or what is Satoshi Nakamoto?
The Shadow Man That Taunts Me
Trees that speak
The Shadow Man That Followed Me
I'm a manager at an Escape Room, and I haven't been honest. (Part 3)
Father
My dream just happened in real life....and now I’m scared....
The Strange Shadow Man
Am I in the wrong if I don't want to follow family tradition?
Looking for bit of advice
The scariest story ever
Daddy died a week ago
Why Can't They See Me (Part 3)
My Friend Simon
Escaping the Trap of a Serial Killer in Backwoods Connecticut ; A Crystal Night and a Gold Morning
Someone's stalking me.
My cell phone is picking up strange voices. I met a demented dwarf who calls himself the Fisherman.
I came home drunk one night to find a clown hiding behind my tree.
I Found a Journal Deep in the Woods of Superior National Forest
I found a script for a film that doesn't exist [Part 1]
Walter
My mom died. Now she's back and wants to kill my sister. [Pt.2]
They offered $20,000 for a picture of a black bear. Tracking him down was a mistake.
A TV Date
I don’t care what anyone says; that is not my mom.
"Ground control to Major Tom"
Obsession
The proper way of things.
I can't fall asleep... but no one else will wake up.
I was the star of a deep web cam for 40 days
she'll come for us now..
The Day my dad got shit scared
The Shadow Runner
The True Horror Movie Experience. Part Four.
A ghost leaves memory beads on my nightstand
People in my city say that my car, my style and the type of phone I’m using: "ran out of popularity/style 23 years ago"
Alaskan Guide, Trapper, and Monster Hunter
She Lived In The Tree - Part One
There were no windows on my train to Moscow.
Update: My Daughter’s Body is Still Stuck Inside a Wall
The harvest was too good this year.
Mama is Acting Weird
Alone at my mom's house for the week
/' dɔpllɡɛŋɐ / - Doppelgänger
Terrible Tom is at it again. He killed my neighbor and told me I'd become a YouTube star.
A Horrific Misunderstanding
My Friends and I Found Something Disturbing While Hiking in Utah
Makiko
If i stop something worse than the monsters will kill me.
I think my house is haunted
The Trench That Hungers
My husband would never let me look and him, now I wish I didn't know why.
The Bridge that Leads to Nowhere
A dimple in her right cheek.
Story about my old stuffie cupcake
Something bad happened last night.
My wife had a miscarriage. I am still haunted.
There's a locked door in my new apartment [Part 2]
That's not her.
Is there an Uber helpline for this
Resignation
Alone at my mom's house for the week
A Voice in the Shadows part 1 of 4: The Grim Reaper
The highway- real storry
Don't leave autoplay on while watching youtube videos
‎Hello, I am a very successful serial killer/murderer with over 100 confirmed kills and counting, Ask Me almost Anything!
My pregnancy story
Yes
Don't leave autoplay on while watching youtube videos
I didn’t sleep in a while
Global warming has more repercussions than you would think.
Don't Go to the Gas Station
Hello, I am a very successful serial killer/murderer with over 100 confirmed kills and counting, Ask Me (almost) Anything!
Hello, I am a very successful serial killer/murderer with over 100 confirmed kills and counting, Ask Me (almost) Anything!
Real story at Union Station, Washington DC.
Self Defense
Does anyone know which nosleep story has this guy falling into a hole, he gets trapped, and a pale creature is in the cave with him...
Venom
I Witnessed a Murder and Now They're Coming After MeWeird Call.
Adventurer's Guide to: The Gaunt Sorrow
An entire palace exists under my house. The goblin king wants me to assasinate someone.
The Purest Fear
Went ghost hunting in a school.
What's beautiful inside.
Trail 272 (Part Two)
I've seen things..
Kill Me Twice (Part 2)
Trail 272 (Part One)
The Stranger [Part 2]
I was pen pals with an executed death row inmate. I think he was innocent. Part 1
I've known about aliens for years... It's time to leave Earth.
Don't listen to the radio
My therapist told me to write out my dreams.
Dead Dayz
My wife had a miscarriage. It is still after me
I'm a manager at an Escape Room, and Rachel came back. (Part 2)
The Infinity Man
I Was Born A Monster.
I was not alone
My therapist told me to post my dreams.
My wife had a miscarriage. It is still after me.
I'm a manager at an Escape Room, and Rachel came back. (Part 2)
Hallucinations Can't Burn Your House Down
Don't listen to the radio!
How Did I Not Hear Him?
Donny Owains in : The Man who Watches
My Children Got Me Committed to Centrelake Mental Health Clinic, and I Don't Think I am Getting Better
I could be wrong, but I think my house is haunted.
Be careful if you read Pet Sematary after a loved one dies
I've known about aliens for years... It's time to leave Earth.
I have more than 1 person living in my body
My Friend Daniel
I Saw My Deceased Grandmother
The Mini Fish Killed Her And Ate Her Toes Too
The Woman with the Long Black Hair in the Long Black Dress
An old woman's secret
there is a man in my head...
I found a satanic website in deep web. It was horrible, to say the least...
Please don't read this book.
I have practiced psychic ability. Then I got possessed by a demon. Am I going to Hell? Will Jesus forgive me? Do I need an exorcism?
America, America This is you. Post #1
Paradise Was Far from what I Expected . . .
My mom died. Don't tell me how to grieve.
My uncle gave me a high-power telescope. I think I saw something I wasn't supposed to.
A bear is stalking me
The Last Dance
I’m done with Airbnb
HE IS NEXT
The Delivery- Entering The House [Final]
He Stopped to Smell the Roses
windchimes
I live on a farm out in the sticks. There are some strange creatures roaming our patch of land. [4]
The Mountain Men
Please don’t read this book.
My carpool driver drove for 24 hours straight before stopping. We're not alone anymore.
The Mountain Men
I found a dead deer in the woods while hiking
The Worm
Schizophrenic Epidemic Part 1
The Maintenance Man
Delussions?
I saw death happened right in front of me
That moment when you are sitting and you ask yourself, how would my day be if i stepped on a Lego. I feel bad for those who fall in battle...
I work the ER Department Night Shift, and this is some of the weird shit I’ve seen... part 2
My Mother Wasn't A Superhero
I woke up trapped in my own house and my family's trying to kill me
I saw death happen right in front of me
Wake up!
Round and round
She's gone
A new golf course is being built, but something won't allow it
I knew an ex christian who predicted the deaths of seven people. The source of his knowledge was absolutely terrible.
The Balloons in the Woods
The Skinner Family
Update: My Daughter’s Body is Stuck Inside a Wall
The Skinner Family
I found hidden cameras around my house
I found the Stairway to Heaven . . . Something is seriously wrong.
Josey the flesh crafter
I know the devil exists - I have a picture of it on an old phone
The Man at the Foot of my Bed
my dad's projects 2
I started working in an elementary school recently and maybe it’s just my imagination, but something weird is happening..
Refrenorrowk Says We Become Angels and Demons When We Die
A Horrific Misunderstanding
Social Anxiety
Social Anxiety
I'm a man who rarely sleeps. I've started seeing some stuff
My uncle sells meat out of his house.
I used to be a janitor at a public high school. I think I encountered a demon.
Trapped in an App
The skin Walker
Something bizarre happens every time I go to Tattoo Alley. But this time I saw the truth.
People Are Disappearing
I'm a Venator, and I've been hired.
We have a new friend
The Luciferian Whistleblower
My grandad used to come to my room at night wearing a mask. Now I know why. Final part.Something has always lived with us.
As they wrapped the rope around my neck, I wondered where they would take me
LOOKING FOR INFO
Don't leave your laundry out at night
He wanted her heart
I work the ER Department Night Shift, and this is some of the weird shit I’ve seen... part 2
Summer Dream
"Heros"
The cursed plushie
H
I Think My Family Has Been Replaced
The Delivery- Part II
I joined a group of dangerous people, part 3
Students tortured by 'thing'
Please keep reading this is the only way i can reach you
Schizophrenia Epidemic Part 1
Schizophrenia Epidemic Part 1
Schizophrenia Epidemic Part 1
Nothing.
Something's under my bed, and I'm stuck on top.
The Nightwalker (Part 2)
Jörmungandr
Never Call Your Own Phone Number
Exorcism
The Mascot Came To Life...
The Mascot Came To Life...
The Death of Clayton Denham
How To Care For Your Eye Worm.
How To Care For Your Eye Worm.
Don’t play with fire
Dirty Skies
Part of Me Still Wanted to Crawl Inside
My favorite YouTube channel keeps vanishing. It's called Terrible Tom's Primal Goat Fest.
I see ghosts and need help to make this a full story
I held my head next to my microwave for a month in an effort to gain superpowers... it didn't work.
Orbs in the room behind me while I’m watching them on our cameras.
I Won't Go Camping Amymore
What's going on
A childhood fear is back
When You Die, Pray You Stay Dead, Officer.
The Red Man Game [Part 1]
He is watching.
Help me.
There's something wrong with the sheep
An update on the cloud situation
I'm a manager at an Escape Room, and it finally happened.
An update on the cloud situation
When I was little the ground would eat me
Late Night Follower
I'm Never Going to Another Pride Parade
My daughter has a notebook full of names: Cutting the cord.
Mysterious creatures began washing up on the beach, and now the world is in chaos
Anyone remember Rap Rat
It's Dead.
Sorry
the weight: not my dog
My brother is missing (Pt.1)
It's dead
My Last Deployment
Some weird stuff has been happening in my town.
The Skies were never meant to be for us
Gaga man
The Waterton Woods Mystery 2019
I said a prayer so that my wife would come back. But the prayer was not anchored to any god.
Philomena is back.
The first entry in my new Deoverse Series/Prophet of Avos miniseries. I hope you like it!
what are some scary stories you guys know.. I cant sleep so yeah.
Bearing Fear
The Curse
I came across a town called "No-where."
"Don't Run Away!!!"
The Curse
The Night alone in London
The Sinless Artist
Vivian
Im Coming Sweetheart...
Dream Demon Part 1
I got a message from 2980... It's bad.
I Am Coming Sweetheart
I'm the driver for a demon baby. He's going on a country wide killing spree.
My biggest freak out ever
The Delivery
Maybe it's me
I’m Scared.
What I found that lies in the center of the Earth is terrifying [PART 2]
This clay mask has over 11,000 5-star reviews it is the only thing that has helped clear up my skin extremely fast
Summit
My Friend Wants Me to Commit Suicide
if something smells nice, start worrying
I Think My Wife Has Been Replaced
I work the ER Department Night Shift, and this is some of the weird shit I’ve seen...
A Beautiful Woman Broke Into My House This Morning. She Watched Me While I Slept.
The "robot"
Ugly
It will anger him
My Best Friend Jessica (Part 2) - Meatloaf
The skeletons were trying to tell me something. I didn't listen. Now I'm about to take matters into my own hands.
Someone in My Room
I think I made him angry.
they made me one of themI found hidden cameras around my house
I'm a guard stationed at a 'secret' government prison. (Part 3)
Forest in Hell
I'm an ex-military intelligence operator and I want to talk about the need for a watch... [Part 13]
I am stationed at a secret location called the Pig Pen. This is the reason why we don't live in the Cardboard House anymore.
Hitler did not commit suicide.
Doppleganger
Rule 34
My dad's projects.
Update: My Daughter’s Arm is Still Stuck Inside a Wall
Looking to Interview Ghost Hunters For Our Podcast
Scariest phone call I’ve ever had
The Bell
CIGARETTE BURNS
I joined the obsidian samurai. I realized it's not for the faint of heart.
Abandoned Kill
She didn't run away (Part 1)
She didn't run away (Part 1 /2)
The Well
Abandoned Kill
NoSleep Interview with Scott_Savino!
A fly on her finger
TIFU by playing with a ouija board Part I
Consumption
The Buried Have Been Giving Birth
Lethal Infection
The Hunt For Grandpa's Legacy
Starlight
The Marble Man
Illusions and Delusions
It was supposed to be a fetish game for my husband, not something horrifying
My name is Daphne. Part 2
My Strange Addiction [•~Part 1~•]
House of Spirits
I haven't slept in years.
I haven't slept in years
I haven't slept in years
at least i could finish my mile
I hate closets part 1
I don’t like my moms new boyfriend
I found a camera on my farm.
I'm an ex-military intelligence operator and I want to talk about the need for a watch... [Part 12]
I Work At The Only Pizza Place In Town (Part 5)
And there she was.... again!
Scariest phone call I’ve ever had.
Our dog keeps coming back. But, we recently put it down.
The Black Beggar
CIGARETTE BURNS
Have you seen my doppelgänger?
The Stranger [Part 1]
I can see ghosts
What's Left of Marian
The Council of Eros
The Council of Eros
My anger was surgically removed and I went back for it
I once had a dream...
My cat has to be demonic right?
My cat is evil
Super. Hot. (part 2)
How I Met My Best Friend (Part 2)
The Red Man Game [Part 1]
The skin walkers
I think I'm going to die soon.
My Guardian Angel is Far From Heavenly (Final Part)
I Had To Bury My Boy
Luna is barking a lot, please help.
Cemetery House
How I Met My Best Friend (Part 2)
My carpool driver hasn't stopped driving for 24 hours straight now.
A cloud is driving me insane
The Window in the Bathroom
The wood for the trees
My name
The window in the bathroom
Tickled pink
Have you seen my girl? Part 3
Unknown Alien Portal File 1 (Part 1)
My neighbors are not normal pt 1
Unknown Alien Porta (File 1)
Lunbir City (Chapter 1/12)
My daughter has a notebook full of names.
The Bathroom Window
I just got mugged by a clown.
My Heavily Armed Father Marched Into The Woods, and He Looks to be Ready for War
I just got mugged by a clown.
Carrion Sister
This is real
Warden: Windmill
Something is stalking me and i think i am running out of time.
There’s Something Wrong With My Mom’s Bed
There’s a dead body in my garden
My Friend Has Been Living In An Alternate Reality For The Past Seven Years (VISUAL)
I made a animation to this
the society
I wish I was never adopted.
Scariest night of my life
I think I found the edge of our world.
Have you heard of the game "Bitlife"?
My Family is Ignoring the Strange Things My Grandpa Says Because of His Alzheimer's. Something is Wrong.
When Death ComesThe Twisted Woman
Jötunheimr (Pt.2)
There was a shooter at my school. But something weird happened the week after.
Death Bell
The Ignota
I Babysat for My Best Friend. I Don't Think I Want to Ever Again .
They're always here, watching. You don’t know it, but we burn. We burn together.
How to kill a monster?
A Collection of Reccuring Dreams - Part One - 'The Fishing Hole"
The Woods
Underneath the Floor
The God Farm (Part 2)
There is nothing left.
It gets easier
Cemetery House
My night terror is slowly becoming true And I fear my life won't have a happy ending.
I'm trying to find a story from when this subreddit first started. Involving ghosts communicating with a light switch. But I can't find it. Anyone have any idea what I'm referring to?
Having trouble sleeping? Read my Circular Motion Theory that explains the Singularity, Gravity, Black Holes and Time. It should bore you enough to put you to sleep.
Update: My Daughter’s Arm is Stuck Inside a Wall
My neighbor calls them his children. I call it an infestation.
The missed girl
My roommate can teleport
When Death Comes
Who Saved Who?
Decent.
I'm working at a Christian summer camp. It's over now (Part 8)
Kill Me Twice (Part 1)
Me and My Friends are checking out my Grandparents house - Finale
WHO WIN
Who Saved Who By Jeremiah Peplow
No Sleep Funny Video
Don't Follow Me
The Wishing Well
My peepee hurt
The Red Bunker
There's Something Outside
Night terror
My brother is missing (Pt.1)
Crazy nightmare
My brother is missing (Pt. 1)
The house that ticks
The Mysterious Letter
Some Insight From Area 51
I'm an ex-military intelligence operator and I want to talk about Charles Darwin... [Part 12]
I’ve been selected. I think I’m going to die
Director of Self-aware Machine Distress Persuasion. Pt. 1
I Read The Scariest Horror Story Ever: DO NOT READ!!!
The Immortals Part 1
She's Gone!
Where Death Doesn’t Tread
I wasn't alone in my room.
My body is slowly being replaced with someone else's (part 3)
Grandpa Had Neighbors
I Killed Myself Tonight At 9:30 P.M.
Grandpa Had Neighbors
My body is slowly being replaced with someone else's (part 3)
My friends keep dying and now I’m the only one left.
Peek a Boo
She's Gone!
A night terror I had a while ago may be becoming reality
Flight 7809
We Witnessed the Birth of a Goddess
What was it?!
Is there anybody out there looking out for me?
When Death Comes
\glz \glz
Monsters
My carpool driver hasn't stopped driving for 12 hours straight now.
Voice heard but no one was there
Was told to post this here: Phone call I received telling me my father had killed my mother. :/
You're Going To Be Just Fine
Indedeadnce Day Chapters 1 &amp; part of Chapter 2.
Indedeadence Day Chapter One: Missing.
you have to love family inheritance
Not a creature was stirring...
My Dog Protects Me From The Creatures In The Attic. I Don't Think I'm Going To Survive Much Longer.
The confession of a good man
A good man's confession [NSFW]
figure in the doorpost [SHORT]
Missing Brother
Have you seen my girl? Part 3
IT knows that I don’t have much time left
My Guardian Angel is Far From Heavenly (Pt 4)
I went over the new kid's house and now I regret it.
There’s Something Under My Bed
There’s Something Under My Bed
There’s Something Under My Bed.....
The monster moved in (part 1)
At the Edge of the Woods
My Prison
[Karpman Drama Triangles] - {A conversation to no one} (Curious?)
Death tried to stop me from killing myself. Then despair offered me a deal.
The painting of a demon and an aglel
Jötunheimr [Pt. 1]
The Mysterious Family
Jötunheimr (pt 1 repost)
Monsters are real, and they kill thousands every year. I lead a support group for the families of their victims.
[Karpman Drama Triangles] - {A conversation to no one} (Curious?)
I was a ghost hunter here are some of my storys.
Feeding fish becomes feeding nightmaresBecause of him...
Always be Nice to Customer Service Employees
First Degree Kidnapping Case That Bothered Me
Reality keeps fading in and out and I need help
Suicide is a sin.
I Did Something Unprofessional and It Might Cost Me More Than My Job
This Is a Test Post, Please Ignore
There's a locked door in my new apartment [Part 1]
A question for you humans.
My Daughter’s Hand is Stuck inside a Wall
I'm a washed up actor. A fading star. But I've been given a new lease on life by an eccentric director of underground films.
They Call Me Hex
A warning if you are about to hike the Frozen Wolf Monument.
I discovered a log regarding an attempt to create a kind of bio-weapon for German Soldiers in WWII
Saving Face
Please read this. I promise I'm not crazy. I just want to help. (Part 4)
What does love feel like?
You Must Sleep
I took a small break to get away from life, but something bizarre happened to me at the hotel
A Falling Sensation - Part 1
Please help me - a 7 year old's message
I Escaped From a Separatist Community, But Can’t Shake Something I Saw
Something odd is happening in my apartment and I don’t know how to stop it
A Falling Sensation - Part 1
There is nothing left.
Everything in my home is slowly being replaced by newer items and I feel like I’m going insane
I can feel it watching me
New things keep appearing in my house
My friend had an encounter with some cryptids while trespassing on a local country club...
My doctor is an extradimensional monster! A comedy by professor Gaeth
Weird creature I came across.
Weird creature I came across
I regret not killing my father.
My family is trying to kill me
I just had some dreams
A Demon tried to kill me once, now I hunt down demons (Part 4)
home alone on halloween
My friend read me a book called "Silent Nursery." Now I'm seeing goblins and the homicidal shadows of children.
Mystery Box Order Off the Dark Web
Our sun died
It Watches (part 1)
Mountain Lions?
The Bus Rider
Facing my Fears.
Happy Hiding
My Favorite Mug
Tomorrow
I’m a ranger at America’s largest Blackwater swamp. I finally escaped. (Part 3)
I've met two serial killers and found out another was close to me in 1998
Just wake up (Part 1)
home alone on halloween
home alone on halloween
she won't stop talking won't stop shouting can't stop screaming fucking help me
“I care about you so much” he says.
My Grandmother's Taffy Was Made "Special"
she won't stop talking won't stop shouting can't stop screaming fucking help me
I work at a storage place
They Say Schools are Safe I Longer Believe This
I'm an ex-military intelligence operator and I want to talk about Sunday morning... [Part 11]
Vulgaris
They Say School is Safe.
I used to work in the computer analytics department of the CIA: The true shape of the Earth will horrify you (Part 2)
Every minute a world ending event is prevented (part 2)
The whispering woman.
Every minute a world ending event is prevented (part 2)
A war we couldn't fight
My experience staying overnight at ShowBiz Pizza
The Clown
I'm a n1g*3.r and today i didnt eated my watermelon
The angel of death healed my hypochondriasis. Then, in my moment of weakness, he made me strike a bargain.
A trapdoor in my house leads... somewhere (Part 2)
Moon Fire
My Friend’s Family Is Possessed
Have you seen my girl? Part 2
I don't feel safe in my own home. I'm not sure he can't get in.
My Friend’s Family is Possessed (3)
An old man is trying to sell me his teeth
Playing My Favorite Sport Made Me Believe
Some guy has been looking into my house and trying to get in.
hollow sleep
Exorcism
Something Sinister In A Small Town - USA
Violence in chinese prisones
Last night my roommate was kidnapped and I think I know where he is (Final)
I woke up in a strange room with no memories. Something isn't right. (Part 1)
Thats not my johnny
My Table Bit My Toes
My Table Bit My Toes
I've been embracing my inner darkness and repressed feelings lately... There's quite a bit more of darkness than I realized.
Why I no longer go to my favorite spot in the woods
What I found that lies in the center of the Earth is terrifying [PART 1]
The Envelope
My Experiences With The Eldritch
My Best Friends Peculiar Abilty.
Please read this. I promise I'm not crazy. I just want to help. (Part 4)
I played minecraft again. What happened broke my heart
My friends and I keep getting weird voicemails. May or may not be a prank
do you want to know who i really am?
The Attack of the Dead Men
Why I Never Work Alone at NightManChild
View this on your own safety
The serial killer in my town moves the bodies to spite our tradition.
Something's in My House Pretending To Be My Wife
Windchimes
I found out that my grandparents had a house, today me and my friends are checking it out - Part 4
I stopped playing Webkinz as a kid after this happened to me
There’s something going on in my old house.
Why I’m no longer a 911 dispatcher
Jötunheimr
Is this normal...?
My problem with friendship
This a log from a German scientist creating a sort of bio-weapon during WWII. (Leaked)
The Abandoned Children
The Job Offer
Ten Rules to Make a Great Horror Story
My brother was dying. I took him to a farmer who is known to be a healer. Now I think he might be dangerous.
I have the perfect girlfriend. But I pay a hefty price...
Very Online
Animals keep disappearing into thin air, and I’m terrified of what’s causing it
There’s Literally Nothing Outside my Window
Not All Monsters Are Bad
I used to work at a self-storage facility. You’d be shocked at what people hide
So, you want to be a dream walker?
I did not use to have nightmares.
Stay at Home Dad
Im trapped in a post apocalypse world whenever I fall asleep (Part 1)
Something creepy
Something pretty damn creepy
I saw some strange shit while watching Reddit’s Public Access Network
There's a parasite in my head and I can't get it out
Why did I camp alone
Bloodlust
The Little Grocery Store Off State Route 1 That Saves The World
I'm Never Shooting Another Snuff Film
I found this diary under a plank, in my bedroom... Part 2.
My Uncontrollable Bloodlust
Grandma's Ghost Stories are all true (PART 2)
Feeding fish becomes feeding nightmares
2020
Mr. Lore: The liberation of Faust I
I don't travel by train anymore. That's why
Feeding fish starts to feed my nightmares
Sleep Paralysis
How the Scarecrow Died
Sleep paralysis (August 23, 2019)
On Behalf of the Curiouser, More Eccentric Houses, Please Let Me Speak
Through Another's Eyes
My daughter was murdered in a dream. I saw her murderer in real life.
Something scary happened
I Saw It Happen In My Sleep
My daughter was murdered in a dream. I met her murderer in real life.
Replacement
I wish I never opened my dad’s office
The Piano Dream
Have you seen my girl? Part 2
Help.
Help.
Virus
I bought an antique dresser and now there is sand everywhere. I'm not sure how to proceed.
The Observed - Part 1
Last Call
6 feet
A story from my childhood I still cant explain
A story from my childhood I still can't explain
A tale of change
Dead girls under the house (maybe)
I played minecraft again. What happened broke my heart (short)
My mother found a lost episode of The Twilight Zone.
Please, help me
A story from my childhood I still can't explain
Animals keep disappearing into thin air, and I’m terrified of what’s causing it
My parents brought home artifacts from an ancient civilization. A mummified head is tormenting me.
Do not go back to the Oceanic Trenches. Part. 1
Uncomfortable Comfort Room
The Nightshift
Don't go back to the Oceanic Trenches. Part 1.
My Guardian Angel is Far From Heavenly (Pt 3)
A Night at the Grey Forest Cafe (Part 1)
Ear
A Night at the Grey Forest Diner (Part I)
The world was dust
The Red Crow
The Man And His Hand
It Moves Closer Every Night
Desert Dwellers Part 1
My Tinder Date From Hell... Literally.
My Tinder Date From Hell... Literally.
I am a professional exorcist. Here's what that's like.
Euro Bp - We exist
A creature called shannon
ah
ah
A
Ten rules to make a good horror story
The Tunnels Beneath Portland Hide a Terrible Secret
I think my little brother is trying to kill me... [Part Two]
Hope's Heroes
My dad was a mortician
Last night my roommate was kidnapped and I think I know where he is (Part 2)The True Horror Movie Experience. Part Three.
Night Life
Stay out of the Basement
The Visitor
All Right Now
Rain
I joined a group of dangerous people, part 2
I've been dead since 2012... And now I'm back...
Philomena is back.
I'm Hungry.
A Lifetime Asleep
What belongs to the Earth, must return. (Part 1)
I'm a magician, and I finally got the Mirage to reveal his secrets.
I don't like wet things. [Trigger Warning](#s "suicide")
His Name Is Jasper
Euro Bp - You do not even kow we exist
I had the scariest dream this morning
It's Here
Reoccurring Nightmares
I went to a convention with my friends.. they never made it back.
Reoccurring Nightmare
My Apartment is Haunted and I Have Proof
Last Supper
Last Supper
Under the Alateris Tree
I received a really strange package from Amazon
I Found a Diary Tucked in a Brick at an Abandoned Psych Hospital Part 4
Creepy man
I lost my well to live, please help.
I thought he was the one - Part 6
I Work With Dogs
I work with dogs.
If you look long and hard enough, dig in places you shouldn't be, you can find things like this.
I thought he was the one (part 5)
Mother Knows Best
Never answer a call from your own number
My summer vacation didn't go as planned
I will never leave this room.
Don't Ever Stop for the People on the Shoulder
I went to the beach with my friends two weeks ago. We never left.
The Amazon Rainforest is on fire, it needs to burn just a little longer
The Mooncreek Matinee has been closed for over thirty years. It’s time to say goodbye.
The Amazon Rainforest is on fire, let it burn a little longer
Operation Atlantis and the Diary of Sergei Zharkov. Part 1.
Operation Atlantis and the Diary of Sergei Zharkov. Part 1.
I thought he was the one - Part 4
I am literally afraid to sleep.
I joined a group of dangerous people, part 2
I thought he was the one - Part 3
The Creepy Guy That Plagues My Memories of My Freshman Year in College
I Was Hired To Sleep Through A Porn Shoot And I Don't Know What Happened But It Definitely Wasn't Porn
The ac was running
I remember what I've done, now I wish I hadn't.
Lady in white.
I thought he was the one (part 2).
Why are they making me do this?
My name is Daphne. Part 1
Hieroglyphs from confession of a deep sea diver
“One Call Away”
I thought he was “the one”
Parasite
When you die. When you can't love. You remember.
A little gift from the Star Wars program.
There was something decidedly off about that spa
The Pursuers in the Moonlight (part 1)
Dreams
"Shadow" Being In My Room; What Do I Do?
I think I was stalked by a Wendigo on my school trip
I broke into Central State Hospital and what ive found is horrifying
Have you seen my girl? ...A Ghost hunter's tale
I met something while hiking in Maine with my Friends
Have you seen my girl (A Ghost Hunter's Memoir)
I have been tracking a bounty hunter's story ever since 2016 (Part 4)
Something is Playing with the Fairy Lights in my Room
I’m being forced to perform in a talent show.
There's a Monster in the Corn [Part 2]
A Flower’s Scent
The Face in the Window
Something is Playing with the Fairy Lights in my Room (Long)
Shared Nightmares
The high beams
Robber at 2 - 3 am
Icodve [Part 2]
this is my first time opening up like this but here is my story. (its a little long but i hope you read it)
Shared Nightmares
My sister wanted to switch beds
Vertigo: The Sleep Disorder Collection (Part 4)
Sacrifices to Kali come with a price
The Walrus
Stories From the Ward
The Walrus
Is this normal
I bumped into a strange person and their dog last night. I just found out it wasn't a dog.
Fear the one who knocks
Tent Trailer Vengeance
Every minute a world ending event is prevented.
I think I've been here before, but I don't know how (Part 3)
AK or M16? (PART 1)
They called it 'the deep doctrine'
My body is slowly being replaced with someone else's (part 2)Mr. Lakavote
Why Can't They See Me (Part 2)
They’re everywhere
targeted.
I'm an ex-military intelligence operator and I want to talk about the onion factory... [Part 10]
water doesn’t flow red
They can't hear it. They can't see it. Why can I?
I think I have Schizophrenia
I'm stuck in a mansion surrounded by night [Part 1]
Fear the one who knocks
1987
I joined a group of dangerous people, part 1
I joined a group of dangerous people, part 1 (damned if you do)
Manor
I'm never having an MRI scan again.
That feeder boyfriend. (part 1)
I can’t tell my friends what I saw
“One Call Away” I will narrate this and edit it into a video come Monday. I just want some feedback on my story first. Hope you enjoy! This is based on a true event that happened in my life.
A game of hide and seek
Missing daughter found
So many wonderful stories. Here is the truth, and it scares.
CRUOR
I am stationed at a secret location called the Pig Pen. Reality doesn't work in this place.
My university revealed the secret project they were working on to a select few. It wasn't what I expected.
I got a summer job as a video game tester. They made me sign a non disclosure agreement. But I need help!
The large figure
I cannot tell my friends what I saw
My friend took some pills to study for an exam. Then he started to lose body parts.
The work site [part 1]
Red Velvet
My girlfriend doesn't know I'm back home .
Dog Adoption: Dogs Aren’t Allowed in my Home Town.
robwoz skary storey part 1!
I found a hole in my basement. And im curious
I'm a lumberjack and the town I just moved to is trying to run me out
the man in black
I found a hole in my basement. Now im curious
I was captured by demons. Now I'm trying to use their legal system to free myself.
I Was Raised in a Cult
Aliens live among us
Werewolf in the woods
Deep Among Twisted Pines
Them
The Monster With the Stars
I created an ARG, and it became way too much to handle (PART 2)
Mommies little doll
The thing that screams in the corn at night
Werewolf in the woods
There’s a creepy door in the cottage I’m staying in
I used to work for dangerous people, and now they are after me (pt. 1)
I bought an old mirror from a traveler, this is my story
Lofty
So many stories. This is no story. This is how the 'zombie' apocalypse will start.
My Dead Cousin Is Trying To Kill Me
Overnight in the Barn
My parents brought home some artifacts from an ancient civilization. Now my basement has turned into a tomb.
The Mooncreek Matinee has been closed for over thirty years. But the truth always comes out.
In Taiwan, ghosts are very, very real (Part 1)
I found this diary under a plank, in my bedroom...
My grandad used to come to my room at night wearing a mask. Now I know why. Part 2.
Grandma's Ghost Stories are all true
help
I found a dead monk's last letter...
DO NOT OPEN
Help. My helicopter crashed, and now I'm facing a real life Japanese style movie style creature.
Doctor
A Demon tried to kill me once, now I hunt down demons (Part 3)
Doctor
give me a reason to live.
Creepy street
Steak
Creepy street
Creepy street
You Will Become Furniture
The private Island I own is cursed
Revenant
Mori
It happened after the kid came in.
There's A Voice Coming From My Son Jimmy's Closet. Last Night Something Terrifying Happened.
Found my ex wife and daughter murdered by a possible serial killer.But their wounds are too animalistic. Part 1
The charade killer
I keep waking up at 3 am
There's a Monster in the Corn
The charade killer
My Guardian Angel is Far From Heavenly (Pt 2)
I'm a thief. I stole the "golden egg of babylon" from a demon and now fear for my life.
Always here
The Disembodied Voice Of A Woman
Werewolf in the woods
They Aren't Kidding About the Deep Web
My Guardian Angel is Far From Heavenly (Pt 2)
When you live in a trailer park in the middle of the woods, sometimes things happen
Strange Being
How I Won Back My Ex-Boyfriend, With A Little Help From Yoga And The Gym.
Moon Lit Chase With the Apocalypse: The Sleep Disorder Collection (Part 3)
Dream Demon\
Always here
What’s real?
I created an ARG, and it became all too real (PART 1)
My Guardian Angel is Far From Heavenly (Pt 2)What’s real anymore?
I love my daddy.
Want to know something?
I always feel like I'm feeling watched, don't play in closets..
I think I've been here before, but I don't know how - UPDATE
I Clearly Made a Mistake When I Started Bennett's Demon Services and I Am Going Explain Why.
I always feel like I'm being watched, don't play with closets...
People love playing in their closets, but not me..
Losing Count
If someone you know seems taller than they were before: STAY AWAY! [FINALE]
If someone you know seems taller than they were before: STAY AWAY! [FINALE]
People love playing in their closets, but not me...
Zoinks scoop
What is your fever dream? And what do you think it means?
Something lured me through the woods... Wendigo??
I'm stuck in the airport, but "I promise to get back to you as soon as I can."
I'm never buying anything from craigslist again.
Uncontrolled....
I'm a magician, and I'm on the trail of real magic.
Last night my roommate was kidnapped and I think I know where he is
I just witnessed a murder in the house across the street.
I have to help a ghost in a lot of trouble
Mothers zipper
It was in the shadows
I have dementia. I'm crying over a corpse and don't know why.
Stories From the Ward
I Found a Diary Tucked in a Brick at an Abandoned Psych Hospital Part 3
I'm A Warehouse Worker, Do Not Trust The Ambassador Posts.
Uncontrolled.....
I work at a family entertainment centre and I’m pretty sure the mascot shouldn’t move
I'm a lumberjack, and the town I just moved to hates me
There is no such thing as ''House settling down'' noises.
I’m locked I’m my school, and I’m not alone.
Uncontrolled....excerpt.
Extremely broke and excruciatingly bored
Very broke and excruciatingly bored.
I'm a guard stationed at a 'secret' government prison. (Part 2)
This body isn't mine
A Crow Brought Me an Eyeball.
Your Guide to Having a Pleasant Experience at the Ryce Property
I have been tracking a bounty hunter's story ever since 2016 (Part 3)
Nnn
I'm a Landscape Painter, but Sometimes I use More Than Just Paint
Recorded hotline with scary ending
Spaulding Clinical is doing bad things to people, and I have the reports to prove it.
Losing Count
Aliens may have visited me
Pavement
If you are invited to dinner at 55 Tranquillity Drive, Gordonsville, Pennsylvania, do not come.
Please help me!
Betrayal
Something weird is happening to my Friend.
ITS NECK IS JUST TOO LONG (PART 3 FINALE)
My house was nearly broken into last night while I was home, in bed. (True Story, second post because the first was removed for word count.)
My daughter is missing. I think my neighbor might be responsible. I trust him completely, but my wife doesn't.
The Women I saw In my sister's room (In Hawaii)
Two years ago, my family went missing. Now I think I know why.
The Town with the Clowns and the TV Head Man
Be careful clicking on pop-up ads
Does anyone know what "4 buckets of black clams" means? Help
It started with a skunk.
The snake with a human face.
My Freshman Year in College is One That I'll Never Forget
The Mooncreek Matinee has been closed for over thirty years. It’s too late to turn back now.
A ritual with Xinefra can change you in either a good way or a horrible way
I'm an ex-military intelligence operator and I want to talk about different types of dogs... [Part 9]
***EMERGENCY ALERT*** (UPDATE 2)
Forgotten Restaurant
To Kill an Angel
I Found A Disturbing Note In My Middle School Classroom
The Noise in the Back of the Room
I'm 16 and I think I'm in a loop
my brother came back from Greenland with something.
I think I'm in a loop
The Birds Keep Dying in Our Town
Why I'm never going camping again
Scary Story
I Want to Keep Falling
DO NOT OPEN
I love the taste
The Cat In The Hat
Who's Your Friend?
The Mistake We Fixed
I think my little brother is trying to kill me...
My College is Haunted [VERY LONG]
Everybody around us is melting. (PART 1)
I'm not how i used to be.
Horrified right now. Someone just tried breaking into my house.
Everyone around me is melting, and we’re not safe. (PART 1)
The Motion Detector
Until next time Virginia
Venus's Journal [FINAL]
I love my cat. I really do.
My Grandmother left me her laptop when she died. Now I know what killed her.
I found out that my grandparents had a house, today me and my friends are checking it out - Part 3
I fought with my brother yesterday and I can't sleep, I may have developed PTSD
I fought with my brother yesterday and I can't sleep, I mau have developed PTSD
I Found A Disturbing Note In My Middle School Classroom
I woke up at witching hour after someone who hated me had died. They have since been making me feel what they felt.
The Green Street GhostI Lived in a Secretly Quarantined City (Part 2)
Love improvement
Kyle: Monster Hunter (Part One)
Why Can't They See Me
Thirteen steps that will forever haunt me
Two Sentence Horror Stories -OC-
Daddy says, "Don't Stop"
My Guardian Angel is Far From Heavenly (Pt 1)
I think I'm schizophrenic
Gerbils
My Haunting Nightmares !
The Trees Resist Her
curse of the deathly sword trailer (comedy/horror story)
I think my neighbour is a sociopath
I moved to a talles trailer out in the country. it is NOT a cult, it's something far worse
I Design Apps For A Living, I Think I Designed One That's Going To Kill Me
I’m dying tomorrow, and I need someone to see this.
My daughter likes to play pretend with her own Prince Charming. Today he asked me to marry him.
My new dog is scaring me PART II
My new dog is scaring me (PART II)
The Ritual I'll never forget.
The security guards
Do not stop when the truck from Roadkill Ranch is following you
Its neck is just too long (PART TWO)
I moved to a trailer out in the country and it is definitely NOT a cult, it is something much worse...
I'm a ghost shephard. I live a meaningless life helping those without flesh move on.
Stay away from crybaby lane at all costs
I broke my glasses today...
My anger was surgically removed
D: Need relationship advice!
My boyfriend wants to get rid of my mother’s soul! Advice?
This country deserves to know what is going to happen to those people.
Stay Away From the Blue Ridge Parkway
The Roach
I Need Help
One of the Scariest Calls I’ve Ever Been On... Or So I Thought
Tell Them
Cub Scout NIGHTMARE
I'm a member of a group called "Taskforce Gatekeeper" - Going to dump information here as I get a chance with details of what's happening &amp; is about to happen with hopes that it might keep some of your families safe. Why? Because my life is now forfeit &amp; I swore to protect &amp; defend the Constitution
Dog.
DO NOT AND I MEAN DO NOT PLAY “ESCAPE THE CHAMBER” HERE’S WHY: LEVEL 1
I used to love water
Drywall
There's A Voice Coming From My Son Jimmy's Closet. Last Night Something Terrifying Happened.
One of the Scariest Calls I’ve Ever Been On... Or So I Thought
I got a call from a doctor. We need to capture the undead gorilla.
The Window
The Forest Behind My House is Moving Closer, and I Can't Stop It
Exploring abandoned buildings as a kid
I’m being followed
do not play the elevator game (part 4) (finale)
Please of you notice a loved one smiling or laughing in their sleep, DO NOT WAKE THEM UP
My Cat Pandora Was The First To Be Made Into An Alien. The Rest Of The World Is Next.
Fifty Cent Horror
My auntie lives in a well (Final part)
What was above them?
I think I have Schizophrenia
[META] I need help finding a story
HAS ANYONE ELSE SEEN A SHADOW FIGURE AT NIGHT?
Sleeping issue+screaming from others
Childhood adventures!?
My auntie lives in a well (Final part)
Is been years since u saw it and I'm still traumatised
What was above them?
I went back to the movie theater that caused my brother's disappearance years ago.
I'm terrified of sleepovers.
I Just Wanted To Be A Successful Horror Author
We are Paranormal Investigators
Just Beyond the Door
This Book Keeps Appearing in My Dream and I Read It and I Regret It
Welcome To The Blackout Cinema
I Think Old Mara and The Rake Are Trying to Recruit My Body...
My girlfriend tried a ritual she found on here and now she's missing. Please, help me get her back.
Sweet Dreams
I think I’ve been sent into a mirrored world
GI Joe
I keep hearing noises.
I Think Old Mara and The Rake Are Trying to Recruit My Body...
Your mom took off her clothes...
Four nights ago, my friends and I did a ritual.
A Demon is Consuming My Soul
There's a man in the woods behind my house
Jewelry Box Music
Should I be scared?
The Mooncreek Matinee has been closed for over thirty years. Bad things are starting to happen here again.
I took lucid dreaming pills, please do NOT make the same mistake
Slice of life
A Slice of Life
Hawaii
Beach Bungalow
The Pancake House
Children are the best form of birth control. These little monsters have crossed a line.
I Need To Stop Helping My Friends
I'm being watched by five-dimensional beings - Part I
You need to know...
You need to know.
This is the story of Arthur Louis
You should know.
Don't stop at the Rest Area on US-23 just outside Carey, Ohio after dark. There's something out there.
I grew up in a town called Alderdale. Please never go there.Did you ever why you hear sounds or see things that aren't there while alone...?
Did you ever why you hear sounds or see things that aren't there while alone...?
My Neighbor Is "Nonverbal," But I Think She's Asking Me For Help
Incursion
If you consider buying the new Horror/RPg game
The Screams Came from the Sea
Angel Numbers?
I really hope they never learned how to swim.
H
The Old Man On The Bench
I Work At The Only Pizza Place In Town( Part 4)
My Neighbor Is "Nonverbal," But I Think She's Asking Me For Help
A "very interesting" game
A Demon is Consuming My Soul
I cant rember what happened.
I See Shadows (Part 1)
Im starting to remember what happened.
(Actual Help) Weird deja Vu like dreams?
My name is Emma and I'm the ghost in a house
Bulldog Rainbow Heart Gay Pride LGBT Tshirt Gifts
My body is slowly being replaced with someone else's
I'm Not a Masochist
Mr. Four Eyes
2:00 am
I was challenged to survive till next week for 10 million dollars. I survived PART 6 (FINALE)
Venus's Journal [Part Two]
The robber under my bed
I was lost in a German forest. I'm home now. [Final]
My Sister and I Were Close
I’m A Wildlife ranger at America’s largest Blackwater swamp. I’m still trapped here. (Part 2)
I used to work in the computer analytics department of the CIA: The true shape of the Earth will horrify you
Motherhood
I think I had a run in with the Pope Lick Monster as a child. Has anyone else had a similar experience?
The Lakewood Mystery
Has anyone else heard of the Pope Lick Monster?
My Best Friend Jessica
I Lost My Crutches in Pope Lick Creek
I'm Think I'm in Some Fucked Up Freudian Nightmare
some ones here
Black tar animatronics
I'm stuck in the Wendy's bathroom
Super. Hot.
I'm a religious person. I just can't remember which god I believe in.
The Wind Dancer
I moved to a trailer in the country, I think the land is used by a cult or something worse UPDATE
I think I died.
There is a strange man standing in my hallway
There is a strange man standing in my hallway
Every day is the same
The Screaming Man Lives With Us
I'm an ex-military intelligence operator and I want to talk about Padre Cliffe... [Part 8]
My log of hunting The Wolf
It's neck is just too long.
I Found a Diary Tucked in a Brick at an Abandoned Psych Hospital Part 2
Because of him...
Today I Summoned the Devil.
Let me kill you
The Meet Cute
snow globes
Bruce’s Trip
If you see a red eyes coming near you in the woods at night, stay there and let me kill you.
Eyelids
Something is wrong with my sister
Because of him...
GI Joe
I woke up with a black figure with no face on top of me
I am you and you are me
I saw someone die tonight, but not for the first time
My creepy dog
Eyelids
Don’t touch it. Don’t watch it. Don’t give it to anyone.
Someone did a bad thing, I just can't believe who.. (Part 1)
If someone you know seems taller than they were before: STAY AWAY!
Disturbing CB broadcasts 1 - The People in the Ruins
I got a call from a doctor. There's an undead gorilla on the loose.
I’m a magician, and nobody saw me survive a hundred-story fall.
So I just saw this red dot in the sky when the Moon was behind me.
White-Out Knight
Please be quiet during the movie
Invisible Friends
White-Out Knight
The White-Out Knight
Photophobia
I Lost My Crutches in Pope Lick Creek
I Tried to Stop a Suicide Attempt, but it Backfired
THE LATENIGHT VISITORS PART 1
Four nights ago, my friends and I brought something back.
What the fuck did i just witnessed
The Leer
I'm Lily Madwhip and I'm Here For Hekate
My auntie lives in a well (Part 3)
The coast isn't safe (Part 2)
The Hallway
I contacted the spirit that was haunting me for 7 years
My redemption for a murder
I have to share my salary with my dream creations
T h e y like to travel
i regret taking quick power naps during the night shifts
My first paranormal experience
The Game of Escalations [Final Part]My first paranormal experience
I cant do what I love because of a demon
I hunt Serial Killers. The F.B.I. Has nicknamed me “The Grim Reaper” And I cant stop until I find and destroy Legion. (Part 2)
I have 5 children
An irish omen... a tearful end....
Suggandese NUTZ
Slay? Or Spare?
This Story Was Passed Down From My Family For Centuries
I just saw someone die and it wasn't the first time.
The Beach Bungalow
A Day On The Ocean
I don't know where I am and I only have this cellphone, HELP
THE GIRL BLED ANTS
The Birds Keep Dying in Our Town
Hello I’m a demon
An Epilogue to My Raging Twenties
I roleplayed with my dead furry friend.
First Night Out
My Sister Disappeared, I Finally Met Her Again.
Kirby Vacuum Salesmen
The Drop
My friend
Night terrors (part 1)
Everything that is meaningless
Dragons: Titan Uprising one hit
My Neighbor Is "Nonverbal," But Today She Spoke To Me
Night terrors or visions
scarey
The High Society
Night terrors or visions (part 1)
The High Society
You're not the real "you." You've been dead for centuries. I can explain.
Everything that is meaningless
Windchimes
Dreaming
Windchimes
Every year on my birthday, I receive a letter.
Night terrors or visions (part 1)
Night terrors or visions (part 1)
The House by the River
Night terrors or visions (part 1)
Night terrors or visions (part 1, next post 2 days or sooner)
The Abandon Sewer
Night terrors or visions
Three weeks before my brother’s funeral I saw him in my neighbor’s upstairs window
I Don't Sleep In my Sister's Bedroom Anymore
School Vs. Prison
I need help
Doppelgänger
The Prowler [Part 1]
Red Dot Moving in the Night Sky
I was challenged to survive till next week for 10 million dollars. It keeps getting worse.
I remember what I did, now I wish I didn't.
Two days on a search. A very important search. A beautiful search. A search that is all according to plan.
My mother has barely talked for 3 years, now I know why
A Lamprey Controls My Life
I Knew My Drinking Would Catch Up To Me Someday, I Just Never Imagined It Would Be Like This...
The Sanctuary
The Ringing Won’t Stop
Tool has been teaching us patience.
I Made My Friend A Cake and I Think I Summoned A Ghost
I think my mothers side of my family was cursed and my aunt and cousins still are
Bestfriends
Smashing Your Friends With Amy! That’s me! [pt2]
What’s your paranormal experience
It comes for the children
Signature, signature is everything - Intro
Hawaii
A trapdoor in my house leads... somewhere.
My grandfather has a strange inventory hidden in his attic.
Hawaii (Part 2 soon)
man in my room
I moved to a trailer out in the country, I think the land is used by a cult or something or worse
Döppelganger
I hunt Serial Killers. The F.B.I. Has nicknamed me “The Grim Reaper” And I can’t stop until I find Legion and Destroy him. (Part 2).
True Paranormal Accounts Of A Man Who Just Wants Someone To Listen
Venus's Journal [Part One]
Mystery post it note
The demon in the black mist
True Paranormal Accounts from a Man That Just Wants Someone To Listen. Part 1
Missing Teens at Junior high.
It takes four days
Nightmares man.
The hodded man
The man under the house
Tremble
"My day dreams scare me more than my nightmares" part 1
It comes for the children Part 1
That Day On The Ocean
The Truth of Nosleep
The butchers
Have you seen Darla Carson? (Part 1)
I hunt serial killers. The FBI has nicknamed me The Grim Reaper and I can’t stop until I find Legion and destroy him.
I lived in a Secretly Quarantined City
When exploring abandoned buildings, never take the last step.
All is well at the Amazon warehouse!
I've been having a recurring nightmare and I think I'm going to die soon. (Part1)
Briarcliff
Briarcliff
BriarcliffMy Foster Brother is a former assassin or something... Day 3-4
Do Not Climb the Namless Mountian
I work the late shift at the Majestic Movie Theater in Phoenix
I'm working at a Christian summer camp. All Hell has broken loose (Part 7)
I Found a Diary Tucked in a Brick at an Abandoned Psych Hospital
Remembrance
I caused this. He’s in my house.
The Wailing Horror
The Littlest Penguin - Creepypasta
The Wailing Horror
I hate you so much salamandar
He Wanted My Blood
The kids next door are always watching us
The universe sings to me
I’m a religious Sister, and there’s something wrong with my convent.
My fiancé, the alien:
My lightbulb won't turn off.
My Scariest World War II Experience Happened Off The Battlefield
My Scariest World War II Experience Happened Off The Battlefield
Brighter Futures will be back in business soon
Brighter Futures will be back in business soon
The Game of Escalations [Part Six]
I didn’t think it was possible.. please help.
I didn’t think it was possible.. help me.
The Wendigo Learned To Tell Time On Thanksgiving
Don't Take A Drug Called Euphorin - Part V
Has anyone heard of Mr. Night?
Scenario 234
An old friend
I am responsible for something worse than death happening to over a hundred children. [Part 3]
[No Sleep] I am responsible for something worse than death happening to over a hundred children. [Part 3]
[No Sleep] I am responsible for something worse than death happening to over a hundred children. [Part 3 (final)]
I'm an ex-military intelligence operator and I want to talk about drinking with strangers... [Part 7]
i accidentally skinned myself alive via hangnail.
Im sorry
I really hope I wont sleepwalk tonight, mother
Yellow teeth “demon” help me understand what i saw
I really hope you wont sleepwalk tonight, said my mother to me
I accidentally skinned myself alive via hangnail
Having a hard time with a recurring dream
The street lights keep going off. Is this normal?
in a Dream, i was killed by a piece of paper
I found my new classmate weird, now I know why
I bought a mystery box off the dark web. I'm feeling fear for the first time in a long time
Hello
Pray
A man got in the back seat of my car at Red light and now ill never fucking sleep.
My Uncle Jay told me about the time he was terrorized by a man while staying in a cabin
Long Necked Girl
Children go missing in our neighborhood after sunset.
I bought a mystery box off the dark web. I'm feeling fear for the first time in a long time.
An old friend
I wasn’t always superstitious...
here is an empty single-serving bag of Cheez-Its on my floor and it is watching me
There is a Cheez-Its bag on my floor and it is watching me
Horror stories of Jamaica
A Demon tried to kill me once, now I hunt down demons (Part 2)
The Key to Happiness
The Cabin
Too lucid
Does that even make sense?
I was born deaf
Blank Spaces
How to Survive Camping - when it rains
Maybe I am a little accident prone
I can't move my head.
Jewelry Box Music
My name is Heather, and my boyfriend is a shadow.
I had a dream
My freshman year of highschool is fucked up. [Part 1]
v scary
Living The First Day Of School Over And Over Again
v scary
Sleep paralysis...
Murders on pinewood
The Weirs Beach Wendigo
The Weirs Beach Wendigo
The criminal justice system is different here...
The Shepherd of the Dead
Red Cold River
Kids.. don't do drugs
The Trees are Walking. Part 1
Too lucid
The Shepherd of the Dead (possible one-shot)
I Accidentally Adopted a Nekomata.
Flawless
Secret door inside the Great pyramid
If You Wake Up to Find an Old Television on Your Porch, Get Rid Of It!
Wasting scammers time
Wed, Dec 31,1969
The monster in the Harper Elementary bathroom [Part 1]
The Person Dressed In The Pink Squirrel Costume Knows The Truth and Wants to Kill Me.
Daisy: My Daughter's Imaginary Sister
I work as Paramedic....for the Paranormal. Part 2
Secret door of the Great pyramid
I woke up with my entire body encrusted in shit (part 2)
Diary of a frozen man.
The Arrival
I can hear whispers in my headphones
My Husband Takes Business Trips Every 3 Months and This Time He Saw Something Weird on Our Security CameraWill molecules of water be a cryptocurrency in Hell?
Conversations With The Monsters In My Basement: One
Smilers
Beware Of Adriel Tomassa
Looking at you through the glass
I hear whispers in my headphones part 2
I can hear whispers in my headphones part 2
I beg of you, don’t take brain health supplements.
Going Camping
I've been possessed by a record player
I'm being possessed by a record player
I’m a magician, and I had a run-in with something beyond tricks.
There are monsters in the Womack Medical Center at Ft. Bragg, North Carolina. The military can’t contain it much longer.
The night sky ripped apart
The Birds and the Bees...and the Cicadas
lucid dream
Close the gate for the children.
The Town
My husband was challeneged to survive till next week for 10 million dollars. PART 4
I wasn’t always superstitious...
I'm proper scared now like
Friend had a dream and this is how the dream went.
The Light
My boyfriend have a skin problem
I was almost kidnapped 4 hours away from home.
All My Clocks Stopped at 1:13 p.m.
I’m the monster who lives in your closet. And I just got my kids’ uncle arrested. (Part 5)
Don't forget to wipe your ass after you take a shit. This is how I found out.
I’m the monster who lives in your closet. And I got my kids’ uncle arrested. (Part 5)
What's Eating You?
It Seems Like We Have Visitors
Pills from the Drugstore (Pt2)
My House Has Never Had Mirrors, Today I Found Out Why.
Sandy
I don't want to call the police
My boyfriend is having a skin problem
I definitely shouldn’t have bought my daughter that doll
The Contract
The Mooncreek Matinee has been closed for over thirty years. But some secrets cannot remain buried.
The Game of Escalations [Part Five]
The American public education system
A Candle Made of Flesh
I think i know who the hat man is
A penny for a pound
My Sister Wears a Pillowcase
Pieces and Parts
Eyes that follow me..
Don't Take A Drug Called Euphorin - Part IV
There's weird things happening in my house
Library of the Reborn
ADELAIDE
Smashing Your Friends With Amy! That’s Me! [pt2]
MY SISTER HANA PART 2
My sister Hana PART W
My sister Hana
Mr. Lore: Only my sister can console me
The Hatman
The Monster That I Love
My sister Hana
Robloxian emergency room part3 *Final*
Stalked for 5 years now.
Time Travel Sucks
The DMZ hold more than just mines and animals.
Saying "Sorry about the mess" while deliberately having a clean area will immediately impress anyone
Heard a creepy Angel Choir in the middle of the night ( About 3-4 AM I believe )
I Run a Bed and Breakfast, My Guests Aren't Normal
I bought a mystery box off the dark web. Things are getting creepy. [Part 1]
Heard a creepy angel choir in the middle of the night ( about 3-4 AM I believe )
I Run a Bed and Breakfast, My Guests Aren't Normal
The window in my room looks funny..
The Rake... AT CHRISTIAN CAMP?
EL Valentine (Greek Myth Story)
Glitched
Your typical “something scary” story
Saying "Sorry about the mess" while deliberately having a clean area will immediately impress anyone.
Please read this. I promise I'm not crazy. I just want to help. (Part 3)
Memoirs of a small town deputy: Part 2
The last two pictures uploaded by two teenage friends, before they went missing forever
Are you more scared of paranormal horror or psychological horror?
I Have Seen True Giants, and They Live Among Us.
Fractured Mind.
The Wish
The Cancellation
One hell of a RED fight.
605512
Does That Even Make Sense?
Why I've moved 4 times
Sandy
It's not a deer.
Awake....
The night the devil laughed
How I Met My Best Friend (Part 1)
I'm a guard stationed at a 'secret' government prison. A few hours ago, there was a major breach.
I’m a Wildlife Ranger at America’s Largest Blackwater Swamp. Now I’m Trapped Here.
The Silence of Autumn
Witchcraft. (Part Three)
Awake...
d
I was really surprised when my daughter sang the lullaby my Grandma sang to me as a kid.
Witchcraft. (Part Three - Finale).I gather intelligence on Mexican drug cartels, They're not the worst things out here
IF YOU GET A SPAM CALL FROM A NUMBER THAT LOOKS LIME THIS +236 82 DO NOT ANSWER IT! DO NOT LISTEN TO THE VOICEMAIL EITHER
Babysitter: Call 2**-5**-****
The wendigo taunts at dawn.
Babysitter (Call 2**-5**-****)
Sandy
I survived a wendigo.
The Woods
I've been trapped on an island my whole life
The voice is back, I cannot lose control
I found a werid blog
The Apocalypse has started, and our savior has a dark secret
0$12 Wants to know your location
A dream of mine could be telling be something
What Horror Movies Don't Prepare You For...to be cont'd?
Times up
Grandad used to visit me at night wearing a mask. Now I know why.
A little zopiclone and mirtazapine and I’m on my way!
A dark cosmic god taught me to love life
I work in a cemetery. I found an urn that takes me to a strange place.
Should i replay a haunted videogame from my childhood?
I am not missing
I live on a farm out in the sticks. There are some strange creatures roaming our patch of land. [3]
The noise part 1
By the cove
The criminal justice system is different here...
My Ghost Story
My Ghost Story
the dark forsest station part 1
By the cove
Dying gives the body over.
I'm stuck on a road that has no end
My Foster Brother is a former assassin or something... Day 2
We just flew over Vegas, well we were supposed to
The Day That Changed Everything Part 1
They always return (Part 1)
I work at a storage place
I'm a time traveler here to warn you about The Reckoning
I found where my cat has been taking all of my hair ties.
Him
The Circle of Puppets
I’ve left my body..
Don’t Sleep
The Dybbuk Box from Chihuahua
Reaper
The thing I found while I was young...
Fire Coming Out of a Monkeys Head
n/a
Teleporting is scarier then you think. (Part 1)
Fever Dream
All My Clocks Stopped at 1:13 p.m.
I Found A Desk in The Attic [Part 1]
Fire Coming Out of a Monkeys Head
Fever Dream
Please help me. Cant sleep since 2 days.
I am the terror in your stories and this is why - Wendigo
One sentence horror story
Does Your Community Have Its own Pool? Consider not Using It.
The Car
Jon sat in the darkness
I found a body and I am next
I work at a family entertainment centre, and I’m pretty sure the ball-pit is bottomless
I am the terror in your stories, and this is why. - Wendigo
BLUE
It walks through the shadows
The Mooncreek Matinee has been closed for over thirty years. Something terrible happened here to shut it down.
The Game of Escalations [Part Four]
The Bus Ride
My first experience of a break in.
Rainfall: Guardians
I failed to save someone's life, and now they're trying to take mine
Some Stories for Me?
J
The Call That Ended My Career. Part IV.
I'm an ex-military intelligence operator and I want to talk about crying babies... [Part 6]
My grandad used to come to my room at night wearing a mask. Now I know why.
My auntie lives in a well (Part 2)
I had a strange dream last night.
I don’t think my family is real.
I was attacked in the parking lot after work, and my attacker left me a gift I couldn't comprehend [PART 1]
I Wish They would Stop
I Was Sent To Hell For A Day, If I Survive, I'll Be Revive [ NSFW ]
Depravity
This was a scary dream that happen to me that made me scared of clowns...
Herobrine is real, and he will never leave
Instagram account can hear me and my friends through a ps4 party and knows personal info somehow?
Life changing experience in the mountains.
I thought my roommate was puking...
The creepy smile
creepypastas
No time.
Babysitter (Call 2**-5**-****)
I think there's someone living in my attic.
I'm trapped on an island with my mother and I can't get out
The white bride
I've Been Experiencing Weird Things Lately At My House
The Day that Ruined My Life
Maddie and Opal (PART 1)
They are here and you haven't noticed.
A cord?My Best Friend Is Missing And I Need Help - Pt. 2
I ruin people's lives for a living.
Miss nightmare
A cord
I can watch over your children at night 819-***-****
I can watch over your children at night (819-***-****)
I woke up with my entire body encrusted in shit (part 1)
The world ended yesterday, but most people don’t remember it
I never should have taken this job offer in Berlin. (Part 1)
Stories of hell
Last week I found an old letter from a previous parishioner at my former church. It was the first and only time anyone had ever asked me to perform an exorcism.
I Was Fed to Something in a Pit
The dream that still haunts me.
A dream that still haunts me.
IF YOU GET A SPAM CALL FROM A NUMBER THAT LOOKS LIKE THIS +236 82 DO NOT ANSWER IT! DO NOT LISTEN TO THE VOICEMAIL EITHER
My husband was challenged to survive till next week for 10 million dollars. I'm worried for the both of us. PART 4
Why I Want To Commit Suicide
An eventful moving in day.
Don't Live Beyond your Means and Don’t Forget your Jelly Beans
IF YOU GET A SPAM CALL FROM A NUMBER THAT LOOKS LIKE THIS +236 82 DO NOT ANSWER IT! DO NOT LISTEN TO THE VOICEMAIL EITHER
The thing in the morgue.
There's something outside
100 Tapes Of The Hollow Hours
Someone narrated my stories without permission. Now I think they're stalking me.
Someone who stole my stories turned out to be stalking me.
Story that I'm working on. Disturbing enough?
My Mirrorless House
Memoirs of a small town deputy
Memoirs of a small town deputy
Some coincidences are to good to be true
Psychic Prediction and possession!
How To Get Rid Of A Guest/ The Staircase Ritual (2)
What I saw scarred me for life.
My sister Hana
The same dream for 2 years and an old black box.
she is mine and i am hers
Basically I uh help
A murder at the gas station
The Upstate Killer
The camp I worked at burnt down. I feel I can finally talk about what happened there.
The camp I worked at burnt down. I feel like I can finally talk about what happened there.
Snowfall (Part 2)
My elevator malfunctioned and the cause was utterly horrific
Snowfall (Part 2 - End)
My Foster Brother is a former assassin or something...
Snapchat Intruder
I think my son is a psychopath
Mirrorverse [Final]
The Shifting Song
Something Odd happened after my shift at Chick-fil-A
The summer camp I worked for burnt down last year, and I feel I can finely get something off my chest.
I met two of my son's friends. They told me something I'll never forget, and now you need to know too.
A black figure started to appeared around me and it won't leave (part 2)
PSA: Pareidolia is not a joke.
The place of no existing.
Pills from the Drugstore
Therapist
IF YOU GET A SPAM CALL FROM A NUMBER THAT LOOKS LIKE THIS +236 82 DO NOT ANSWER IT! DO NOT LISTEN TO THE VOICEMAIL EITHER
A flooding world
I just want to know if this a paranormal thing?
My friend used to wear an eyepatch. It wasn’t for his lazy eye.
All My Clocks Stopped at 1:13 p.m.
The Legend of James Bennington
There Are Strange Noises Coming From My Garbage Disposal
I’ve experienced death…
A mentally ill man is about to do something horrible to my date, I can just sense it.
Why I don't work overtime.
A mentally ill man wanted to drug my date.
Our House Has No Mirrors, Now I Know Why.
Were you taught not to play under trees at dusk?
I Got Possessed After Eating a Bowl of Spicy Ramen
The Game of Escalations [Part Three]
The Mooncreek Matinee has been closed for over thirty years. Something else lives here now.
The first encounter
I have been dead for 145 years
Bright light..
Never, EVER use Q-Tips to clean your ears
Prank or Real?
The photobomber in my photos
The Japanese Dolls
Don't Take A Drug Called Euphorin - Part III
I’m addicted to having sex with household appliances, but now they are out to get me
Tap. Tap. Tap.
True Story, woke up almost in tears.
My 'Bad Dream' 24/08/19 5:20am-5:52 am
I used to hear a tapping at my window
Price
Anybody know the significance of three taps on your window??
Tales from the Faefolk [3rd part]
No Sleep France
An old friend has been dating someone for five years...today I found out they don't exist (Part 3)
𝙄 𝙛𝙤𝙪𝙣𝙙 𝙩𝙤𝙢𝙤𝙧𝙧𝙤𝙬’𝙨 𝙣𝙚𝙬𝙨𝙥𝙖𝙥𝙚𝙧 𝙖𝙣𝙙 𝙣𝙤𝙬 𝙄’𝙢 𝙨𝙘𝙖𝙧𝙚𝙙 𝙛𝙤𝙧 𝙢𝙮 𝙡𝙞𝙛𝙚. ~Part 1~
My sleep paralysis has a pattern and I am not sure what it means
The highest stakes
Highest of Stakes
Ramsie Pt 1
I was born with no eyes
KKK are a black supremacist group
I found some journals and the contents are worrisome.
I’m Haunted By the KigatilikRamsie Pt. 1
Storming are 51 didnt went as expected.
I Didn’t Show Up In The Family Album At All
A word, from your creator.
That's Not My Shadow
Philomena is back.
Sugar Sally.
I'm Hungry.
There’s someone sleeping in my Geometry room
A True Nightmare
I'm lost in a German forest. I don't think my "rescuer" is too keen on helping me get home. [2]
I can see your future, Marissa Jackson.
From hell and back.
The Sounds Won’t Leave
The Mountain King's Treasure
Grandma's 911 Calls: "It isn't a person."
I Walked Highway 80 in the middle of the night. It follows me
To my baby girl
The Final Confrontation.
The Butcher Shop
I would do anything for my family
The Letterbox Slot Final Part
The Letterbox Slot Final Part
Creepy Shit at 10pm
The house I was trying to sell didn't like anybody!
Its Coming
I work for a private bio-engineering company, and I’m clearing my sins.
NeoNERV: We Didn't Start the Fire
My group fitness trainer’s stretching routine
My group fitness trainer’s stretching routine [NSFW]
Watch Your Windows
Memories
A Rural North Dakota Motel (Final)
A Rural North Dakota Motel (Part 2/Final)
I was challenged to survive till next week for 10 million dollars. Now I can't escape PART 3
The Yellowstone Transcript
This Year's Hottest Gift: Coulrophobia
Reaper
A Rural North Dakota Motel (Conclusion)
My last bedtime story
I Was Claimed By A Skinwalker Part 2: Life After
IF YOU GET A SPAM CALL FROM A NUMBER THAT LOOKS LIKE THIS +236 82 DO NOT ANSWER IT!! DO NOT LISTEN TO THE VOICEMAIL EITHER
I watched my own suicide.
The Nightwalker
How To Get Rid Of A Visitor/The Staircase Ritual (2)
hey re upload
My First Nightmare
hey
Most surreal and scariest experience of my life
I finally did it
I finally got in shape
Witchcraft. (Part Two)
I don't know if the woman in the woods of South Park, Colorado was because of my schizophrenia
if I quit, I could die
He Was a Nice Man
There's something in the attic and it hates me
The True Horror Movie Experience. Part Two.
The Things I've Done In Hell pt2
NEW CREEPY HORROR SERIES
HELP ME FIND A STORY (baracassa)!
Snowfall (Part 1)
My old professor part one
I helped cure Mrs. Wickers' schizophrenia and now i'm seeing the same things she did.
The Neighbor's
In my head?
I was almost murderd
The Section 28 Hitman
I hate friday the 13th hears why.
Every thirteenth of the month, a new apartment appears in my building
I hate friday the 13th hears why.
Loser
my reoccurring dream
I struck something with horns as it darted across the road
I hate friday the 13th. Hears why.
Everyone thinks my uncle died in a car crash but I know otherwise...
Loser
Welcome to Africa (Part 1)
My Best Friend Is Missing And I Need Help
Rain_2
I think my friend had more that a disease [FINAL]
Mister Polinskoll
The Last Letters
Guidance of the Lost
My sleepover. My room was never like this. (Part 1)
Don’t follow in my footsteps
It All Started With The Birds (Part 2)
It All Started With The Birds (Part 2)
It’s here
My sister joined a new ballet school, and she hasn’t stopped dancing since.
I can't stop scratching my head
the price of grief
buyingyoutubeviews
My house phone rang last night, we don’t have one anymore.
The Night Noises
I'm a Nurse and my dying patient said that I am humanity's last hope.
Windshield Replacement Mesa AZ
The Game of Escalations [Part Two]
The Mooncreek Matinee has been closed for over thirty years. It should have stayed that way.
Mister Polinskoll
I’ll be dead in the next hour if no one finds meSatoshi.chr (Doki Doki Literature Club)
The Hunter
My experience of Mr.Hands twisted game “keepsie”.
Is there a point to growing old? Because I've aged before my time.
*** Now NoSleep has a new website: A L L T A B O O . N E T
This is my experience of “Keepsie” with Mr.Hands.
*** Now NoSleep is also on A L L T A B O O . N E T ***
A Night at the Movies
The Diamond Prospectors Part 3 AKA I Work as a Diamond Prospector in Northern Canada. That's not all That I find.
The Diamond Prospectors Part 3 (AKA I Work as a Diamond Prospector in Northern Canada. That's not all That I find.)
I don't want to sleep (Day 1)
The Night Noises
I don’t take backroad shortcuts anymore. This is why.
THE HOGWARTS THAT I DIDN’T WISHED FOR
There Are No Aliens In Area 51, But There Is Something Much Worse
The School Takes Them
I think something tried to get into my room.
606th division 'enemy unknown'
I think something tried to get in my room.
I think something might of tried to get in my bedroom.
Cat Noises
I thought i only witessed a suicide
Forever Followed By Monsters part 5
I thought I only witnessed a Suicide
My Sister And I Discovered An Abandoned Cabin In The Middle Of The Woods. I Wish We Hadn’t.
Screw You Brunson!
Forever Followed By Monsters part 5
A Demon tried to kill me once, now I hunt down demons (Part 1)
Ssfety is always important
Loser
I was chased
I was chased
I think she followed me home
Please help I think my neighbor killed someone and is coming after me.
How I Turned 2 Sleepless Nights &amp; 12 Monster Energy Drinks into $2,000 Prize at EthIndia Hackathon
She Won't Leave Me - You've got to help
what would happen to the world with no laws?
Something Isn't Right With My Reflection...
you have no evidence that i’m not immortal
The Curse of the Harbingers Part 2
I Got a Job as an Usher.
Not Who We Seem
Life After The Skinwalker
I can hear whispers in my headphones
The Wrong Tube
It’s here
I think whoever's been taking care of my cat has been trying to follow him "home"..
The Big Tipper
Weird cuts and bruises?? Need answers!
I work as Paramedic....for the Paranormal.
The Letterbox Slot Part 2
The toy lady
Astral projections, good and bad, what are your experiences?
Red Kettle
Abandoned House True Horror Story
The gods of summer
This Year's Hottest Gift: Coulrophobia
Shadow in the White Room
Hands up
Red Kettle
The tombstone rock on the hill of hell (part one)
Scary story I made up for a ARG that stopped doing.
When I sleep, It will come.
I Will Never Forget This Night
Icodve [Part 1]
She Won't Leave me
My family are worshipping a cat and its trying to kill me.
I Used to Pet Sit for a Russian Oligarch. This is Why I Stopped. [Part 2]
I was challenged to survive till next week for 10 million dollars, I'm terrified now PART 2
Something Strange is Going on with the Doorbell Camera
A Rural North Dakota Motel (Part 1)
My name is Addison Wembley....
I Was There When Epstein Died
I Used to Pet Sit for a Russian Oligarch. This is Why I Stopped.
Can you help?
I think i crossed into a different plane of existence.
My Friend Died 3 years ago but she's back
Checkmate..
whose blood? [true story]
I forgot my father's birthday...
I'm Dead but I'm not even sure anymore
How To Get Rid Of A Visitor/The Staircase Ritual (1)
How To Get Rid Of A Visitor (The Staircase Ritual) [1]
Dora's Box
I worked in a care home and some old people are just plain bad
Guys I accidentally found dd, what do I do?
Capewood (Pt. 2- Julian)
Witchcraft.
Capewood Pt. 2 (Julian)
The Virus
Mirrorverse [Part 4]
Some of us are meant to suffer
My Gift? 'NSFW'
I’ll be dead in the next hour if no one finds me
My Encounter With The Goatman
Journal entry No. 112
Icodve [Part 1]
I was part of the Area 51 raid, what found was very disturbing....
I was trying to stop the zombie apocalypse, not start it
[Part Four] [FINAL] I think I died, my colleague is dead and you could be next.She Won’t Leave Me.
My Dead Best Friend Grace Is Clawing At My Fourteenth Floor Window. I'm Going To Let Her In.
I’m The Only One In My Family Who Isn’t A Cannibal [Part 3]
I’m the monster who lives in your closet. And I’m the top suspect to the mystery I am trying to solve (Part 4)
I killed my best friend and did it out of love
Every Reddit Horror Story EVER: A Fomrula
[Part Four – FINAL] I think I died, my colleague is dead and you could be next.
There's a Creature in the Town of Hevan. Part.2
I’m The Only One In My Family Who Isn’t A Cannibal
I’m The Only One In My Family Who Isn’t A Cannibal [Part 3]
My house was built over 70 years ago. Everyone who has lived here is dead.
I’m The Only One In My Family Who Isn’t A Cannibal [Part 3]
The White Rose Butcher
Why I am Terrified of Crows
I will NEVER ride in the woods alone again
3:16 am
My Paranormal Excperiences
I Found a Doll In The Woods. I Wish I Hadn't.
There's a Creature in the Town of Hevan. Part.2
My Paranormal Activity
Hell Town
My family received the most disturbing call
THE SLEEPING NUN
The Watcher.
The Fire Man
The Thing's I've Learned From Hell Pt 1
The Longest Hair
Naked and Afraid
Think of an extraterrestrial..done? That's probably another version of you, and other planets? Just other versions of earth.
The House on Storm Street
iThink
My mother spent her life crying wolf, and it killed her horribly (Final)
My Dog Rosie
Something Sinister in the School.
I Killed Jeffrey Epstein
This link will disappear in 60 seconds.
What happened to r/NoSleepAudio?
The Game of Escalations [Part One]
Life is a series of slides
A story from my childhood
Scopophobia
A Girl At My School Is Going To Kill Me
Capewood Pt. 2 (Julian)
My family recieved the most disturbing call
My family recieved the most disturbing call
I found out that my grandparents had a house, today me and my friends are checking it out - Part 2
How wondering “what if” changed my life
So I bought an old car today, there was a letter hidden in the sun visor.
A Summer Night in Scarborough
There is nothing special about my boring life
There is nothing special about my boring life
Not much time now not much time
Don't Take A Drug Called Euphorin - Part II
I'm an ex-military intelligence operator and I want to talk about 'dogging'... [Part 5]
He Won’t Leave My Door
The Closet
My childhood memories conflict with... Everything.
Some of us are meant to suffer
Don’t tell dream people they aren’t real
They told me I was evil, but I never understood why
cat
The Ticking Clocks
Haunted Smoke Spot
A cry for help
Looking for a story I liked on here
NoSleep Interview with NocturnalNanny!
i cant go home
A cry for help
Forever Followed By Monsters part 4
I think I have to quit my job
Through a Window
I work At The Only Pizza Place In Town (Part 3)
I work At The Only Pizza Place Town( Part 3)
Truth Eater, First Truth, The Door is Open and the Water is Fiyne
clean trail of blood [true story]
I'm stuck in a French hospital, dealing with the US Embassy because of bad decisions and magical Cheerios.
Remember
Rain_1
Dead-Boy Part 1
If you can see this, it is very important that you keep reading
Wendigo Survive, no matter what
Jupiter's Rules [FINAL]
My relationship is deteriorating
Turn Right
if I quit, I could die (part 2)
Beyond human.
I'm an NPC in a video game. Today, I met a player unlike any other. Someone has to stop him.
Flood Warnings
The TV Room
Something is wrong with my house
The Day I Came Back Home
I Fight Demons in My Sleep
My art tells the future
My new neighbors keep trying to kill me
I Can’t Believe I Thought This SubReddit Was Fake...
So they made an army of telepathes.
Found Film.
My neighbor's cousin is insane. He thinks he's the main character in a sitcom!
Some of us are meant to suffer
You should fear the darkness, not what’s in itThe Letterbox Slot
My little brother loves swings
Something is under the gym bleachers...
I found something weird underneath the school bleachers...
PLEASE HELP I think I'm trapped in another dimension
PLEASE HELP I think I’m trapped in another dimension
Today I stopped the Devil from hitting on my girlfriend.
I Got an Answer to the Question I've Asked Myself for the Past Five Years; I Wish I'd Never Gotten It.
The cool side of the pillow
Capewood Pt. 2 (Julian)
Alguien me ah estado enviando mensajes..
I think you would've done what I did too if you loved someone that much...
If a purple spider crosses your path, don't kill it
The Bizzare things from 55 Gypsy Ln,Berkley,California .Enter Karem
This night has changed my view on life 1 (I'm working on part 2)
Vice Essentials is a Cult.
I live on a farm out in the sticks. There are some strange creatures roaming our patch of land. [2]
Don't Get Lost on the Way to Blackfoote Lodge
There's something watching me and I'm scared, I'm so scared.
Vice Essentials.
Pride
Devilishly Good Pizza
I don't think my foster sisters are completely sane
Can Someone Tell Me How to Kill This Thing?
10's a good finishing number
My Encounter with a Skinned, the Mutilated Victims of Skin-Walkers
Reason #731 not to donate your body to science
Through a Window
Can anyone help with this?
A Lizard Crept Into Our Room Last Night... But Was It A Lizard??
The Grey Man
God’s angels aren’t what we thought they were.
r/nosleep (Serious) I haven't slept in 128hrs
The Whistler
Something Really Weird Happened at my Summer Camp
Capewood
My last passenger ruined my life.
My last mission
A Rural North Dakota Motel (Part 1)
Mirrorverse [Part 3]
Dinosaurs still exist...
The Longest Hair
The Dinosaurs never went extinct.
People run away from me. I just want friends.
In the Dark
I'm the Dark
The Dinosaurs did NOT go extinct...
I keep waking up to hangings [Part 1]
Are You There?
The voice in my head made me do things...
This is scary…
I killed a man. I am on the run. I need someone's help.
This is really creepy…
Ma’am it’s on all fours
My Best Friend Died When We Were Children. It's Ten Years Later, And She's Clawing At My Window.
don’t help the little girl in the forest
There's a weird smell coming from my basement and my neighbors are creeping me out
Please read this I don't have much time left
How do I unsubscribe/stop seeing posts from this sub in my feed? I'm on reddit for memes not for long ass text posts. No disrespect!
There's a Creature in the Town of Hevan. Part.1
Participating in a real life Battle Royale
There's a Creature in the Town of Hevan. Part.1
There's a Creature in the Town of Hevan. [Part.1]
The voice in my head made me do things...
The Time I Was Locked in the Basement With the Ghost of A Girl That Was Murdered There
A Simple Game of Mafia (Finale)
I Let It In
There's a reason I don't to outside when it rains.
The Curse of the Harbingers Part 2
The posts i read on a sub Reddit called mind decay are coming true and theyre becoming more personal
This may Not to be interesting but I’ll do it
A tickle
Killer Furby's
Can you remember your dreams?
Someone is Behind You
Dear diary
The New Normal
The room on the 6th floor
My Number Neighbor is Interesting
I was frozen in time
I might be meeting the Devil
Always take the stairs
No Sleep Super Video Funny 2019
My friend is... Not what hes supposed to be
The Decadent Taste of Human Suffering [Part 1]
Front Spike: Part 2 "Events Most Unexpected"
Please help me PLEASE
Lovedale. Home to the criminally insane and I.
The Bizzare things from 55 Gypsy Ln,Berkley,California .Enter Karem
She Is Gone Pt II
She Is Gone Pt II
it’s been hours. i’ve been waiting. i don’t know what else to do besides wait. it’s so dark and quite outside and in running low on pop tarts. that’s all i was able to grab before papa grabbed me into the shed.
The Man Who Kept Trying To Drag Me Away
Not too worried about it but I thought it was interesting enough
Lovedale, home to me and the criminally insane.
Lovedale. Home to me and the criminally insane.
This is creepy af
I Have An Unexplainable Day From My Childhood...
There's something very wrong with this radio station.
I need help getting rid of a sketchbook/treeTheres something very wrong with this radio station.
The stories I read on a sub Reddit called mind decay are coming true.
Whoa
I was challenged to survive till next week for 10 million dollars.
I died and came back, and I'll I can say is... do not speak to her
Oh Death (NSFW)
There's a reason I don't go outside when it rains anymore.
My neighbor is standing on his front lawn, staring at my house. He's been there for several hours.
My neighbor is stabding on his front lawn, staring at my bedroom window. He's been there for several hours
I've met my guardian angel. Three times.
MR. SMILY
Gaga man (Repost from r/horror)
The Doorway (Part 2)
The Howling outside keeps getting closer.
The Cloud Stalker (Part 2)
The dream
The Howling outside keeps getting closer.
Midnight
The Doorway (Part 2)
At the window
The Curse of the Harbingers Part 1
My Elementary School Is Haunted... I'm Convinced
Grandpas Ashes
Never Trust a Cat
I met MY Other Mother?
"I Love My Job"
Followed for the rest of my life
The Path
I am going to murder someone in a train station in 20 minutes
There's a man at the door.
Mommy!
I am going to commit murder in a train station in 20 minutes
Day Filled With Nostalgia
Day Filled With Nostalgia
The Leer
I DIED IN MY SLEEP, BUT LIFE SAVED ME
Camp Weelo (Part 1): 1963 Was A Good Year
I think Reddit is some sort of "portal" that connects my dimension to yours.
A black figure started to appeared around me and it won't leave (part 2)
There’s been UFO sightings in my area, I think I saw the craft last week
Camp Weelo (Part 1): 1963 Was A Good Year
The posts I read in r/nosleep are coming to life and they're becoming more personal.
I think I just killed a clone of me. I really hope it was a clone.
How the Scarecrow Died
I See Faces
Something Evil Lives in the Abandoned School
Corpse flowers
On some nights, my cat would claw at the closed spare bedroom door to no avail. I always ignored it, but a few nights ago, I opened it. | Part 5 | Final |
Paranoia
Monsters And Dead Friends
An Odd Day at Work
Im a security guard hired to protect an estate P8 Preperations
My encounters
I have a fear of windows.
Paranoia
God is Not Dead, He is my Daughter
Scary gang gang scary gang gang nut hang
How To Clean Your Home
I used to have horrible nightmares and now they're back with vengeance
I'm an ex-military intelligence operator and I want to talk about sharing a two-man room at Chicksands... [Part 4]
I used to live on a forgotten island, and it's not as abandoned as it appears [part 2]
My Father Hasn't Been the Same Since His Accident
Don't Take A Drug Called Euphorin - Part I
Reality was worse than my horrific fantasy
My Crazy Dream
I did something stupid in 2007...
Mirrorverse [Part 2]
A Revenant Stalks The Isle of Man
Around Here
Silly Milly
Menlife
No explanation
But with a whimper
I'm not crazy, they're everywhere
What ever following me wont leave me alone...
It’s not my pets.
The Black Liquid
I met the girl of my nightmares at a concert last night
Haut bru
I live on a farm out in the sticks. There are some strange creatures roaming our patch of land. [1]
Everyone thinks my uncle died in a car crash. But I know otherwise...
Reason #731 not to donate your body to science
The Samaritan
Rödsot
Stronger Human
My neighbor is on his front lawn, staring at my house. He's been there for several hours.
This Is My World War 2 Horror Story
I'm working at a Christian summer camp. I think there's a demon here (Part 6)
Hope
if I quit, I could die
Albert appeared in everyone's dream one night. We woke up only to find out that Albert is missing the next morning.
Number Neighbor
If you’re armed and at the Glenmont metro, please shoot me
The Truth Behind The Kursk Submarine Disaster
The World Is Ending and Nobody Believes Me (Part One)
My brother and I used to play a game at our lake house - Final
लालची बुढ़िया। - Hindi Kahaniya - Moral Stories - Cartoon Fairy Tales – ...
Rule of Thirds.
I found a missing wallet
I found a missing walletDon't Get Yourself Into A Knot, Mr Twine
The laughing wasn't alarming at first until I realized, I was the only other girl in the house.
Found a missing wallet
Don't Get Yourself Into A Knot, Mr Twine
Found a missing wallet
The Other Me
The Hunter
Don't Get Yourself Into A Knot, Mr Twine
The Other Me.
I'm Trapped Inside my Apartment. Please Help
My Apartment is Alive and It's Trapped Me Inside. Please Help
I own a cursed necklace that is going to cause the end of the world, and I need your help in delaying it
Never be fearless.
Father, Forgive Me
A strange account sent me a friend request on Discord. This is the full story of what happened.
Don't Get Yourself Into a Knot Mr. Twine
The Hunter
Me and my imaginary boyfriend
Why does no one outside of our town see it
A Game of Chance
A game of chance
I was home alone when I heard laughter downstairs.
Can't sleep.
Dave is coming for.
This subreddit is filled with scary stories. My question is why? Someone sing me a lullaby.
Do you believe in the paranormal? I was skeptical, until tonight
[Part 3] I think I died, my dog bit me and I think I’m being followed.
My "mom" is creeping me out.
The Thing In The Woods
||The Shadow|| Atlas files {Part 1}
She Is Gone Pt. II
Saw The Devil When I Was 5 Years Old
Im a security officer hired to guard an estate pt8 Preparations.
Primordial
I’ve always been afraid of the dark.
She Is Gone - Part 1
It's Summertime, and my brother is crazy. (Part two)
Why I'll never use Grindr again.
Forever Followed By Monsters part 3
There's something in the attic and it's starting to freak me out too
The Doorway
Why I don’t pray for my sister anymore
Annie96 is typing...
I Learned the Hard Way to Never Trust Shapeshifters (part 2)
They Took Mars
The Church on 66
Art
I live in a tiny mountain town (Part 4)
My own ghost has haunted me for my entire life.
My roommate keeps coming home.
Smoke Break
The Hard Drive
The Woman on the Ceiling
A Normal Day
My Child Shares His Body with a Demon – And It’s My Fault
Weird dream as a child
3am
Survey for a horror podcast: What is a nightmare you've had that you still clearly remember to this day?
I just got back from the mall, I don't want to go back
Survey for a horror podcast: What is a reoccurring nightmare you've had that you still remember clearly to this day?
Nobody remembers except for me
Something is wrong with my fire stick
I'm lost in a German forest. I think I got away from whatever attacked my group. [1]
I hate being a wedding planner
The Cloud Stalker (Part 1)
The CloudStalker [P1]
Can't get scared anymore from anything ?
I'm cursed and can't control that I jump to different dimensions. (Part 2)
Are creepy pastas/no sleeps getting less creepy ? Or am I just a hardened veteran of the like .plz link the scariest shit you can find
Has anyone else had a strange experience with their Number Neighbor?
The Talent: The Conclusion
I Need Help With A Girl.
I created a town called "Maritha"
Always count the stairs
Another Nightmare, but this one was different (P.S. this story is 100% legitimate)
Im Trapped Outside My Body
There's Something Deadly in the Wheat Fields of Oklahoma
Why Won't You Talk To Me?
On some nights, my cat would claw at the closed spare bedroom door to no avail. I always ignored it, but a few nights ago, I opened it. Part 4
I did that challenge where you text or call you’re neighbor. Don’t do it.
My sleep demon returned but he's not the same.
Was it good luck, bad luck or something much bigger
"They keep him in the corner."
No sleep no peep no beeb
The Eyes of Eternity
The Criophorus Antique and Oddities Shop
I was stationed in Auschwitz, and I know something they don't teach you in history books.
Scared after watching once upon a time in Hollywood
Sold a Soul?
My paranormal experiences! (quite vanilla, sorry)
Tubes part 1
Free 30 day audiobook trial subscription
The Crackhouse Guide to Getting Over Breakups and Living a Better Life Through Fear
Would you ?
I found a new rest stop when driving
The Withered Dog
There's something in the attic and it's starting to freak me out too
My mother spent her life crying wolf, and it killed her horribly (Part 1)
I used to live on an island, and it's not as abandoned as it appears.
"Something"Hunting the Hunters.
I don’t know if I should have ever bought my daughter that doll
The end
PAY BACK
My hallucinations are mostly quite nice. Mostly.
The Ghost after Dawn
Genuinely true story, unless I've lost my mind
Im a security Guard hired to protect an Estate P7
Mirrorverse
Actually true, unless I've lost my mind
How to Survive Camping - Rule #4: the dancers
Seeing The Devil When I Was 5 Years Old
This man keeps following me
Absolutely beautiful.
The Guest in room 117.
You truly are perfect.
Mommy, I'm a real girl.
I bought a project house in Detroit last year.
"Hello, Katya...Hi, Malyshka!" He winked.
outdoor camping traveling goose down sleeping bag lightweight adult backpacking compression sleeping bag Sale
A mystery murder
My Short Career as a Bodyguard
Returning
I messaged my “Number Neighbor,” and I probably shouldn’t have.
The Man In Red
Human Flesh
The Man In Red
My Supervisor Has a Bobble Head Collection. It Is… Unsettling. (Part 1?)
looking for a no sleep that someone narrated on youtube
I think aliens are stalking me!??
Ralph The Goldfish Is Eating Everyone In His Path. Run While You Still Can!
My auntie lives in a well (Part 1)
I downloaded the info Google has stored on me and some of it is unsettling.
Dinner
Dinner
My mother spent her life crying wolf, and it killed her horribly (Part 1)
There's a Creature in the Town of Hevan. Part 1.
Hook-Eyed Jack
I’m Still Seeing Red
If they find me, you're dead.
My number neighbor just messaged me, but they weren't doing it for the trend
They've Taken Our Tongues
I Found My Grandpa's World War Two Diaries
I Found My Grandpa's World War Two Diaries
Got lost in the woods
I Am Terrified of Needles.
The music won’t stop, something weird is going on....
Mr. Lore: Final Adventure
I’ll Be Awake All Night
Screams from the wood
Teratophobia
I asked my girlfriend to lose weight
It’s me again I just finished reading everything
The Figure
Something u might want to see
Beware of Homes with a Death Smell...and Too Many Weeds.
I left Kashmir with an extremely heavy heart ...
LEGIT HACKING SERVICES
My Nightmares
One of my scariest time in a cave called tot...
Its Watching ME
There's a new disease in my home town and it’s growing. [PART 2]
It's Summertime, and my brother is crazy.
If you get a call asking about a "breathing treatment", hang up.
Its Watching Me...
Diary of a madman.
Something is in my apartment and it's starting to freak out my girlfriend
I went to hell's cafe
There's a new disease in my home town and it’s growing. [PART 2]
So i saw a ghost earlier today.
There's a new disease in my home town and it’s growing. [Part 2]
There's a new disease in my home town and it’s growing. [Part 2]
I’m an old man and have to let you in on a secret before I die
There's a new disease in my home town and it’s growing. [Part 2]
Please read this. I promise I'm not crazy. I just want to help. (Part 2)
It Shows up on my son's birthday
I’m Seeing Red
Purple Figures Ripped Me From My Body
The Talent: Conclusion
I really need some advice right now
They Were Not Bears
My Sister's Suicide and Unwanted Rebirth
My Scariest World War II Experience Happened Off The Battlefield
Abwesenheit
"Let's Play Hide and Seek"
I tried texting my number neighbor. Tried.
I need help finding a story
My Father and I
Why I don’t visit the woods in my backyard anymore
I'm cursed and can't control that I jump to different dimensions. (Part 1)
Hide and seek.
NSFW: I was kidnapped
I asked my girlfriend to lose weight
I am not mad.
A few days ago I stopped dreaming and things aren't right.
It wasn't my daughter.
Lights Out
Something took my Daughter's stuffed animal in the Garland Woods.
On some nights, my cat would claw at the closed spare bedroom door to no avail. I always ignored it, but a few nights ago, I opened it. Part 3
The shadow in my room takes a piece of me every night and I"m running out of fingernailsSomething disturbing lives in the woods beside my cousins house.
The Talent
I bet my brother that he couldn’t raise the dead
Mr. Pig keeps coming back....
Never go in the attic (pt 2)
I'm a nanny and I think Im cursed
I am not mad.
Voices
Blackout
Please don't enter this Arizona ghost town...
How To Make A Friend
halloween horror
The Creatures that Come Out Past Midnight
Tormented - My encounter with science and the supernatural.
51 : The Night of blood
Re-upload of 'Tormented' cos the last one was taken down. Also there were a few spelling errors, so i fixed them.
My mom summoned a demon to possess me when I was a kid. And I just met an angel.
I Watched You Die
there is some sort of "thing" that lives in my grandma's backyard
No one knows what happens down at the first hill..
No one knows what happens down at the first hill..
The Hatchlings. Part 2
i always see same numbers
This is a 100% true
The Quest to Stop World Hunger
When will people learn
“I found tapes made my great-grandfather in his basement”
Listen To my instructions and you will live
I met Death in a dream
I am a hacker and sometimes things shouldn't be found
A top secret experiment left me with no recollection of my previous life. (Part 3)
The Figure
"Who, who is this?" and then he hanged up the call
Our Town's Forest Doesn't Have Any Tree's
Tartaros Times: The Fourth Melody has been Collected on the Eastbound Train
A serial killer in my family.
My Daughter's Last Phone Call
I had a sweet little neighbour one day
Top 10 Alt Balaji Thriller and Suspense Web series 2019 | This web series will shake your mind. Fear is also afraid of these web series 2018-2019 |
Something Squirming, Deep Inside.
It's Nice to Have a Hobby (final)
The Day I Met the Archangel Michael
The Shimmering Tree
Hippocrates's Paradox
My friend is from Japan, and he almost got raped by a kappa.
The bad man pushed me I think I'm going to die
A Drug Called Innocence- FINAL
Depression mixed with some worms and placebo pills
When your parents tell you something, you should listen
The Shadow on the Hill
im new
Pinfinger
sleep chin strap women
I worked as a security and a guy in a suit changed my life
Pretty sure I can tell the future
An extraordinary laser tag experience
I was working as security but after this..
I work as a security guard for a company that takes jobs no one else will [Part 4]
Tales from the faefolk [2nd Part]
I am responsible for something worse than death happening to over a hundred children. [Part 2]
Make New Friends, But Keep The Old
My neighbors went insane. Now they knock on my door every night. I won't let them in.
Nightly Voicemails
The Melting Man
Anastasia
I struggle with sleep paralysis
I'm addicted to dying [part 2]
Forever Followed By Monsters part 2
There’s a new disease in my hometown, and it’s growing.
I am an EMT, and I think our patient is the devil.
The Silent Age
I Made A Mistake, Please Set Me Free, Or I Will Be Trapped in Misery
My Little Guy
I'm an officer of the law and I'm concerned, to say the least.
Pass the threshold of violence
I just got a phone call from the weirdest number.
Why I Won't Come to Your Bonfire
That Was Never on the Wall Before
How do You Kill a Monster?
Shrimp Atrocity
The House On The Edge Of Town
Dead chick on Omegle
A black figure started to appeared around me and it won't leave
I went camping, when I was younger
I worked at a church camp for a whole summer
3days straight without sleep
The demon child
Ghost in the Machine Series part 1
Plagerism on no/sleep by leonardo desalvatore
I've Been Drowning For Years
Plagerism leonardo desalvatore
Straight to VHS - Sunday Dinner
Mary-Ann's Paradox | Chapter 1
this is all very nope
Has anyone heard of the Left/Right Game? (Part 8)
I saw something while working cows
The man under bed
Here Be Monster’s
The Hatchlings. Part 2
Tormented.On some nights, my cat would claw at the closed spare bedroom door to no avail. I always ignored it, but a few nights ago, I opened it. Part 2
Gone Fishin'
i was a nurse at my local psych ward
I Have a Big Spider Problem
I got an interview for a new job and some weird things are happening (Part 5)
I got an interview for a new job and some weird things are happening (Part 5 - Final Update)
I was kidnapped by a monster, it’s going to kill me
My friend
Targeted Ads
I got an interview for a new job and some weird things are happening [Final update]
My Little Guy
I was kidnapped by a monster, it’s going to kill me
Ring, ring. Ring, ring.
It is coming
It is coming
Raw Meat, Red Meat, Fresh Meat, Dead Meat
Silver Thread
RE: The Theory of Everything
The Seventeenth of November
How To Get Away With Murder
scary shit recommendations
The Devil Family
As of writing this, I could die any second
It is coming
Is it all Inside my Head?
The Devil's Family (my neighbors)
Food
I’m the monster who lives in your closet. And I feel like I’m getting closer and closer to solving this mystery. (Part 3)
Don't go in the attic (pt 2)
The Man In The Woods
I’m the monster who lives in your closet. And I feel like I’m getting close and closer to solving this mystery. (Part 3)
Im the monster who lives in your closet. And I think I’m getting closer and closer to solving this mystery. (Part 3)
I’m the monster who lives in your closet. And I feel like I’m getting closer and closer to solving this mystery. (Part 3)
Who did I just talk to ?
Something is attached to me
Everything is on fire, and I think God's responsible
A madness took over our village.
Excitement
She used to be clingy...
No one believes that I actually died in 2056. Everyone is in danger.
I’m a magician, and I’m pretty sure the kid onstage actually sawed a lady in half.
My parent's aren't Home
Ralph The Goldfish Is Killing Everyone In His Path. Sorry Not Sorry.
The Dot (Part 1)
I always hated three things: static, mannequins and mirrors.
I fell through a puddle on a morning jog
the shadow that watches me sleep
"All Smiles"
an interesting dream maybe?
the shadow that watches me sleep
I found an astronaut hitchhiking on the road. He was wearing his suit on.
The Debrief
The listener of my conversations
Don't Visit Monument Valley Alone
My brain hurts pt.1
Loose change
Nothing is scarier than real life
Routine
Spook Face
I’m A Time Traveller, And Something Has Gone Horribly Wrong
Genetic memory’s warnings to children.....
Dear Internet
A top secret experiment left me with no recollection of my previous life. (Part 2)
Leeching from its walls
The horrors of Genetic memory...
Old Haunted Childhood home
Warn ME
The nun in my mirror (PART 1)
Have Any of You Suffered From Germophobia Recently?
On some nights, my cat would claw at the closed spare bedroom door to no avail. I always ignored it, but a few nights ago, I opened it. Part 2
What Happened to my Father?
A top secret experiment left me with no recollection of my previous life. (Part 2)
I found an astronaut hitchhiking on the road. He was wearing his suit on.
Don't Go in The Attic (Pt 2)
Poker in Viciebsk
I'm happy I've got cats
I had to do it, I had no other choice. [Part 3 and 1/2]
Never Go in The Attic (Pt 2)
The Icecream Man
I’m a journalist. I interviewed a man who keeps seeing the same woman at the foot of his bed each night.
I didn’t ask for this... [Part I]
The Fisherman
My Daddy
Room 521
Lethal Injection
I think my Sky+ Box is haunted
I didn’t ask for this...
A Drug Called Innocence- iii
I’ve Become My Parasite’s Personal Marionette
[Part 2] I think I died, my dog hates me - and now people are missing
Ghosts in the Road
The Kill Box; Part 1
Infected City [Final]
Fireplace Friend
The Knocks Came From Inside
The Hatchlings
Jenny is real. She left me no choice.
Straight to VHS: Sunday Dinner
Is my cat acting weird?
The infected creature in the forest... Watch out for him!The previous tenant of my new flat left a survival guide. It’s time to end this madness.
The previous tenant of my new flat left a survival guide. It’s time to end this madness.
Memiors of a Deadman
I saw a man on the street putting on a puppet show. I think he broke into my fucking home later that night.
The previous tenant of my new flat left a survival guide. It’s time to end this madness.
To Prevent It.
The nun in my mirror (PART 1)
That Time I Was Almost Murdered
I participated in a government experiment...
A Quiet New Neighborhood
I keep seeing a black dot in my dreams
Letter from Linadra
It was a different time...
Colorado Sugar Mill
Odd “paranormal” (?) experience from when i was younger
"Don't Blink."
"Don't Blink."
Something knocks at my window at night
The genius of a sociopath.
The Demonolaters (Part 3)
the laughing gas experiment
I unexpectedly inherited a house from an elderly customer who I used to serve at the diner
The Three Door Bunk (Part 1)
If I quit my job, I might be next. (Part 4)
I'm not going driving at night anymore.
Modern Miasmics Pharmaceuticals ADMINISTRATOR RECOVERY ATTEMPT 003
The Hatchlings (Series)
The wind comes from the wrong direction
Boolean Horror
He would have done anything for you
A quick question about numbers
Elevator game
There's a man on the wing of my plane.
Megaphone woman at 2am
the laughing gas experiment
Elevator game
I think He is coming back again...
The elevator game
The AC broke on the hottest day of summer during my final exam, and I need to tell the truth about what happened because of it.
My dad’s ex-wife is a white witch!
I Was Offered the Deal of a Lifetime, and I Took It.
A Case of Fate
I’m locked up in Baltimore and I think we are the only ones left
Halloween Night
the laughing gas experiment
The previous tenant of my new flat left a survival guide. It’s time to end this madness.
i need help finding this series that i never got to finish reading
On some nights, my cat would claw at the closed spare bedroom door to no avail. I always ignored it, but a few nights ago, I opened it.
Protocol 13
The glitchy phone
Protocol 13
On some nights, my cat would claw at the closed spare bedroom door to no avail. I always ignored it, but a few nights ago, I opened it.
Occurances Nearby
I work at a genetically modified dog food company and my dog is acting weird now...
For the past year, I've been trying to kill myself. Any help?
The Meticulous Documentation of the Peculiar Goings-On of My Strange Neighbor Across the Street
Years ago the Queen Mary came into port near me, my wife wanted to go but I refused, she insists I tell you why...
Somthing ate my two friends... But i dont know what it is
The Chalava
9 Doors
Rose Blossoms
I work at Walmart. There’s something in the vents.
I Finally Paid Off My Heaviest Debt. Now I Have to Learn to Live with Myself.
I got an interview for a new job and some weird things are happening (Part 4)
Never Go in The Attic
Granny Smith
The nun in my mirror {PART 1}
I have prevented the zombie apocalypse from happening. Either that, or I just started it.
I Finally Paid Off My Heaviest Debt. Now I Have to Learn to Live with Myself.
I'm being hunted by the creature in the woods SLIGHTLY GRAPHIC
Waiting and Waiting and Waiting.... Until [Part Three]
I need advice-
Something PRETENDS to be my mom
I responded to a murder at a supposedly haunted house; now I am having nightmares and can’t remember periods of time.
Waiting and Waiting and Waiting... Until [Part 3]
Waiting and waiting and waiting... Until [TW: Violence, Drug Abuse]
I was just curious about my neighbor's culture.
The Icecream Man
All I want is for you to believe
All I want is for you to believe
Drakesfield: Part 1
What I think about when I can't sleep
Every night they take us. I don't think I'll be coming back tonight
IVAN
The Most Traumatizing Night Of My Life
I Wish You All Could See What I See
I Used to Feel Pain in My Dreams
I see things behind my house In the woods
Ominous Surroundings
I live in a normal city.Something very abnormal is happening.I don't think i will make it out alive much longer.
I Don't Believe in Ghosts
A girl named 20
I am a Genetic Scientist, and We Control Everyone.
Man's Best Friend
Why i quit the butchers
I Don't Believe in Ghosts Maybe NSFW
I'm trapped
I Don't Believe in Ghosts (maybe NSFW?)
hometown (unfinished)
That thing ate my girlfriendThere was a girl named 20
I Don't Believe in The Supernatural (maybe NSFW?)
My mom summoned a demon to possess me when I was a kid. Now I'm having visions of people dying.
Fran and Jock
Phantom phone notifications
Almost exited or at least I thought
Love, Jordan
Hilft mir hier passieren seltsame Sachen in der Stadt die Straßen sind leer und ich fühle mich so allein in meiner Stadt war alles normal alls meine Lehrerin tot aufgefunden wurde ich hab gesehen bevor sie auf das Klo gegangen ist das sie aus dem Ohr blutete es ist eine Krankheit aĺe meine mit
Little brother's warning
A Matter of Magic
A Matter of Magic
A L L T A B O O . N E T is Sponsored by NoSleep
Love, Jordan
A L L T A B O O . N E T is Sponsored by NoSleep
The Barn of Desires, Part 1
A Drug Called Innocence- ii
My Father's Strange Farm
Tales from the faefolk
Ghost in the Road
nsnfjsj$/$:;!&amp;;’nsnsnnxnndnfnf’
My local urban legend is real
Be careful while biking
This is my notice. I suggest you take heed. (Part One)
Broody
I'm going to meet Donald Trump
WE NEED HELP A.S.A.P
My baby daughter is trying to kill me-Update
Nine years ago I found a hidden trapdoor in our basement. Today I opened it. (Final part)
I'm addicted to dying.
Infected City [Part 5]
A Bad Omen
The Voice Mimic
Jenny is real. Why do you think Blythe is important?
My husband is still driving but won't stop staring at me (Part 3)
Only when I close my eyes am I in danger...
Broken Bonds
Expect the unexpected
The woman in white
Therapy
Someone broke into my house while I was inside of it.
Cipactli Comes
The Cipactli
I am seeing faces in my bedroom pls I need help
The Killing House [Part 4]
Forever Followed By Monsters part 1
When i was 14 years old, my father gave me something.
When i was 14, my father gave me something.
I have some weird powers.
Need a horror fix
I made the monster in my closet peanut butter and jelly sandwiches. He doesn't like Waffles and he glows in the dark sometimes (Part 2)
I think my brain tumor brought me to another dimension
A Personal Warning Sign From Hell
Paper Thin Walls and Ticking Clocks
I need answers, please. [Serious]
Rain Drops.
My wife is paralyzed. Everyone thinks she's in a coma.
Paper thin walls
The Howells keep me up at night
K
My son wanted to tell me something, but all he did was cry
IVAN
The Depths have a strange way of drawing us in.
I found a creepy note this morning in the AirBnB I’m staying at
The Truth But Barely Any Time To Tell
HISTORIAS DE TERROR CORTAS | NARRACIONES DEL CUERVO | EL ÁRBOL DE LA COLINA
Regret losing my virginity to a prostitute.
I found a weird note in the bathroom of the Airbnb I’m staying at
Iterum
Iterum
My husband is still driving but won't stop staring at me (Part 3)
Iterum
I'm Only an Arsonist out of Necessity
Learning to fly
Alice has started smiling again.
my nightmare
Why I'm done using DoorDash.
Being followed by someone
My parrot summoned something.
Cottage Country
Static Souls
I'm a nosleep proxy and I angered the woman in the woods
The Hard Drive
The copy of me
The Highway Where My Wife Was Killed
LakeFace
8 years ago I saw a UFO, a week ago it came back
I don't know what to do...[Part 1]
Why I'll never ignore a house alarm ever again
There is a town that exists
There is a town that exists
I'm happy I've got cats
The Cryptid Files of Alice Irvin (part two)
My mother disappeared some weeks ago.
Heroine
A guy jumped from a building but found himself locked in a room, I somehow got hands on his journal....
The True Horror Movie Experience. Part One.
My High School Bully Got Hacked
My parrot summoned something.
I've written this over 1000 times. I need to kill someone in the city.
My son went missing and I caught it on video. (Pt. 2)The Highway Where My Wife Was Killed
The Used To Be: A horror poem
I Know Why There Are so Many Missing Children Posters (Part 2)
I found a call box in the middle of the forest.
Nothing Else To Do: An abstract poem
the laughter experiment
I guess everybody left this joint
Has Anyone Else Noticed the Spiders?
An Interview with a Serial Killer
Poop Monster! Yes, I’m serious!
First Allie, now Charlie. I swear to God these assholes at The █████ Organization will drive me mad
a guide to our neighbourhood
Apghebecqf.com
I'm playing the worlds worst game of hide-and-seek
There are two versions of my girlfriend, one of them is evil (PART 2)
First Allie, now Charlie. I swear to God these assholes at The [redacted] Organization will drive me mad
A tale of a ship lost at sea.
A top secret experiment left me with no recollection of my previous life. (Part 1)
I'm stuck in August - Part 1 I guess
Pet Store, but not only for pets (part 4)
We Encountered Something in the Amazon River
I'm Locked in But the Light will Die Soon
Aliens Arn’t Real But IT is.
Don't Win The Raffle
She's the most amazing person I've ever had the pleasure of knowing
My Dead Friend Asked Me To Commit Suicide.
Sandcastles Don’t Have Eyes
i GoT a SpOoKy LeTtEr FrOm ThE lAsT gUy wHo wOrKeD hErE
I'm going back...
An top-secret experiment left me with no recollection of my previous life. (Part 1)
Misery really caused a misery. (Part 1)
A fortune teller told me I will die in a week. I didn't and something weird is happening to me
The big sleep.
My son went missing and I caught it on video. (Pt. 1)
Why i quit the butchers
Something's missing. [Part 1]
The Hard Drive (Part 2)
I heard a voice calling from inside the mountain.
funy no sleep 2019
Who is Darius?
Hello
I got an interview for a new job and some weird things are happening (Part 3)
How to survive in Hell
Universal Jumper
I Used To Sleepwalk As A Child
RQXZ-T34
In the woods
The Forgotten Man
My Slenderman Experience
I am responsible for something worse than death happening to over a hundred children. [Part 1]
The Birth of the Skaven
I'm Regretting the Mile High Club, Because I Never Learn my Lesson
A Drug Called Innocence
We've found something on the Titan that, shouldn't have been there. (PART 1)
Rainfall: The Empty People
People you love never die
Why Saigon fell
The infected creature in the forest...
Question
Why Saigon fell
Clasp
My name is oscar predare and i can see death
My BFF sold her soul Part 2
The Babysitter
Ghost Whale
The figure in the woods [part 1]
The figure in the woods [Part 1]
The Banshee Wept For Me (Part 1)
The Banshee Wept For Me (Chapter 1)
I work At The Only Pizza Place In Town (Part 2)
I'm an ex-military intelligence operator and I want to talk about the last exercise of basic training... [Part 3]
Infected City [Part 4]
सेब चोर - Hindi Kahaniya - Moral Stories - Cartoon Fairy Tales – Kira st...
Fear and loathing in Romania
Love is Happiness
Scream
33 years old
you may sleep, i wont.
Jenny is real. Mother wants her to disappear.
FEAR
I Work in a Prison
FEAR
For the new security guard at All Saint's General.
I Work for a Prison(True)
We survived a Wendigo attack.
I've written this over 1000 times. I need to kill someone in this city.
Signal 5
Request tip of my tongue : a few different camping creepypastas
I took a pill at a party. It had some unforseen side effects.
I saw the Grinning Man!!
My baby daughter is trying to kill me.... Update
The previous homeowner left a strange note about this neighborhood [Part 1]
Jupiter's Rules [FINAL]
my neighbor stalks me
Never call your children's names in the rainforests of Trinidad
Lifeless Flight
Bad Dog
I made the monster in my closet peanut butter and jelly sandwiches
A Revenant Stalks The Isle of Man
Jenny is real. My mother wants her to disappear.I have seen the Faceless Ones
Short Story Series: Part 2
I wonder if my wife suspects me? (Part Two)
The Hard Drive (Part 1)
I've been to Hell and came back alive
I've been to Hell and back
The things in my house are trying to kill me
The FrontRooms
Short Story Series: My BFF sold her soul playing a Twitter game
The things in my house are trying to kill me
Help neighbors flashing porch light...
FEAR
The Eraser
The Cave of Fear
I want to kill my brother
What I Saw At The Bottom of The Sea
The Taker
Somthing had eaten my two friends... But i dont know what it was
I have to get this off my chest
My dead mother used to visit me
Did you guys hear random music late at night?
I’m 17 and I know EVERY language
I got an interview for a new job and some weird things are happening (Part 3)
I’m 17, and I’ve learned every language
I’m the monster who lives in your closet. People have been going missing around here, and I’m determined to protect my kids from whatever is going on around here. (Part 2)
We bare it. And we are tired.
The sirens in the woods
I Was Offered A Choice Between Three Pet Monsters. Which One Should I Pick?
An introduction and hope
What we buried out there in the desert
The Creature in the Mirror
The Moreaus
I Found Something Horrific On A YouTube ASMR Channel
Something is wrong with my adopted child
I'm not Crazy, but im not afraid to kill
Ive been to Hell and back
I’m the monster who lives in your closet. People have been going missing around here, and I’m determined to protect my kids from whatever is going on around here. (Part 2)
I want to kill my brother
Hell
The Day I Woke Up Blind
Hiding [Part 2]
Paper or Plastic?
Rules of our Farm
The Dyatlov Conspiracy
Extra-Rare
I found something terrifying in my basement.
My family waited 20 years to open a 100 year old time capsule
I’m Trapped On My Hotel Balcony
I'm finding notes on my phone that I didn't take
The Cold House
Always Look Up Before Crossing the Street
Nine years ago I found a hidden trapdoor in our basement. Today I opened it. (Part 1)
This is gonna get taken down
Help me
My sister is a triple amputee, yet I can hear her walking around at night Pt.3
No One
I met something in the woods and i need some help in finding what it was.
In her room.
Something happened to my best friend in the woods, and I can't forget about it or forgive myself.
I don't believe any of you. I had a rude awakening.
Saw same old person everywhere I went. Help. Me
My grandfather traded my soul to the grim reaper
Why I am Afriad of the Late-Summer Rain
The things in the ground.
?
The Emergency Broadcast Won't Stop [Part 1]
A Recent Pest in My House
Calls of the Castle (part 7) re-post
I interviewed a dwarf named Bob.
Mariana's Web
Leviathan (Part 2)
Skin Deep
This post is my punishment for telling my identical twin that I’m attracted to her. Please don’t encourage this.
Broody
Why would anyone be afraid of foxes?
Balmus
The Fox Man
My son Went missing few days back. Today I found his diary. (Part 1)
Yesterday, I’m Stuck in a Pool
The Clown In My Closet
Engkanto pt2: Different realm
None of You Can Write a Good Twist
The previous tenant of my new flat left a survival guide. Some people are too good for this world.
I was scared stiff
I was scared stiff
Canceled
Infected City [Part 3]
Ideas. (crowmdsourcing)
Guys.....watch this
Dont commit tax evasion at 3 am! (ALMOST DIED) *NOT CLICKBAIT*
Who you are
Want to join "Ups &amp; Downs"? A Discord community accepting of all users (4000+)! We offer discussion from a range of topics including mental health, life and recovering from addiction, as well as active voice chats.
Faces we can't see
Momma Always Played the Lottery
Jenny is real. I wish my parents would believe me.
The Exquisite Machine
Cry
The caller at my grandfather's wake.
I'm Part of a Cryptid Intervention Task Force (Part 9)
I'm hungry, Caroline!Since the first time I died, I've fallen in love with the angel of death (Part 14)
Something killed my father in the Algerian desert
Something killed my father and his squadron in the Algerian Desert
The Red-Eye Flight
Something strange is happening in the mall by my house...and it all started with pokemon go...(Pt 2)
Recurring dream
The Esmeralda County Specter
A message from an old friend/ My reoccurring dream
Don’t post anything on r/nosleep. Unless you are ready to face your own posts.
My House is Haunted
Im an inventor and my new machine might kill me.
'Til Death do us Part
'Til Death Do Us Part
Shadow in the White Room
I think I used to be a scientist, now I don’t even know who I am.
'Til Death Do Us Part
Gotta keep it entertaining.
Mr. Longnose wants to play hide-and-seek.
The coast isn't safe (part 2)
I got an interview for a new job and some weird things are happening (Part 2)
Pulling an all nighter
I Found the Strangest Note in my Hotel Room
I keep on hear sounds from my closet
‘Til Death do us Part
The Answerer.
‘Til Death do us Part
Two weeks ago, I witnessed something that will change the human species forever.
The world ended last night and nobody remembers (Part 5) FINAL
It wasn't him.
Malware Notice – Your System Is Affected
The Snuff Box Podcast
The Halloween Blackout
The Stick-men of Pleasure Hill, Louisiana [Part 4]
The Esmeralda County Specter.
I can see things others can’t. Those things are the stuff of nightmares.
Glowfish
If Someone Messages A Link To Instagram Most Worthless Person List, Don’t Click On It
The end of the world is coming soon, and you all need to listen before it's too late.
Summer of 1964 my 55 year old story
I made the monster in my closet peanut butter and jelly sandwiches. He's not a monster
A Note Apart (Part 1)
I had an Encounter in Michigan last Winter
My brother and I used to play a game at our lake house.. we didn't realize the horrifying damage it would cause.
I'm a hotel manager and something is seriously wrong (part 3)
My brother and I used to played a game at our lake house.. we didn't know the horrifying damage it would cause. [Pt1]
My night just got a lot more interesting, and scarier.
If I win the contest, I can go back to my fucked up town
I'm a hotel manager and something is seriously wrong. (Part 3)
I work At The Only Pizza Place In Town
I'm a hotel manager and something is seriously wrong (part 3)
Never meet your Number Neighbor.
I met and fell in love with the most beautiful woman last night.
I’m the monster who lives in your closet. But I still don’t know why people fear me or what is going on around here. Please explain?
The Light
How to survive camping
There is a primordial beast within the Gulf of Mexico 2
Jupiter's Rules [Part Four]
The Difference Between
My grandfather talks as if my late grandmother is still alive. I'm starting to think he isn't crazy
Faceless
The Haze
I'm working at a Christian summer camp. I just had a night I will never forget (Part 5)
Night at the Bunny Ranch
Old Haunted House
I’m the monster you feared as children. But I still don’t understand why my kid is afraid of me..
I think she's following me,... (Part 1)
My neighbor paid me a lot for just a dog sitting job, I found out why the first day
Bonfire Shooting
I'm an ex-military intelligence operator and I want to talk about the last exercise of basic training... [P3]
im done
The Bond Between Twins
The mirror.
WHAT
Paper or Plastic?
Stuck
I think I’m going crazy. I saw a doppelgänger of my friend at work and had a conversation with it.
The school that I work for never sent the kids home for the summer
I'm at my uncle's house in the woods and tonight I let the housekeeper and her son sleep over. They were waiting for me [part 2]
A Black Door in Ostra 4
We keep seeing the same hitchhiker. [UPDATE]
Don't scare the kids
Not Exactly Human... (Part 3)
Real life “Beware”
The Samaritan
It took me awhile, but I found another Lady Jade's client. Here's her story.
I didn't believe my germophobe husband, and now he's dead.
Prank That Went Horribly Wrong
Real life “Beware”
The Emergency Broadcast Won't Stop [Part 1]
A truckers tale
The Radio Static Challenge
Engkanto pt2: I was given
#psychological #suspensfull #bio-story #chernobyl
You have a delivery scheduled. Final Part.
There's a Radioactive Ghost Town in New Mexico
The Seven Gates of Hell
I work at a summer camp called Camp Oakwood. Something weird is going on. (Part 5) (FINAL)
Anyone else know about the Aldermanx?
There’s a Reason Gary, Indiana is so Fucking Awful (Part 2)
Extra-RareThere’s a Reason Gary, Indiana is so fucking awful (Final Part)
Who is the man behind the rain glass?
Scared stiff
I'm a hotel manager and something is seriously wrong.
Lying: A freedom that I took for granted!
I was told surviving college is hard. We just keep hoping we survived the night. (Part 2)
Hey, I think something is wrong with the gerbil...
Warn ME
The Dog Runs
My girlfriend’s first heroin injection was cut with a new drug that is more lethal than fentanyl (part two)
Warn ME
Mrs. Bảy Xà
Me and My Sister Were Saved From Our Abusive Father Made of Two Kids
Me and My Sister Were Saved By A Witch Made Of Two Children
Weird story (real)
If something smells nice, start worrying
I'm a salvage sonar tech, and I have stories, part 2.5
Pizza Delivery is Dangerous
A Cold Hand
My Tragic 17th birth day
The Hand
Something's up with my 3D printer.
This isn’t sleep paralysis.
Apartment 407
Infected City [Part 2]
A trip that lasted a lifetime.
The Closet
At night, a man sells bones in our village.
The Doll People
Bubble tea girl
Engkanto
My sister is a triple amputee, yet I can hear her walking around at night Pt.2
Every Night I Have To Kill Myself Or Someone Will Die.
Creepy Uber
The Girl of My Dreams
Every Night I Have To Find A Way To Kill Myself Or Someone Will Die.
The Cursed Home
My roommate just had his first day at his new internship. Here is his new employee orientation manual
Pretty rainbows and good deeds
I have to get my wisdom teeth out at 7:30am and it’s 1 am so I’m pretty screwed when it comes to sleep. When I lay down and close my eyes I have extreme anxiety and My brain won’t shut off. Helpppp
The story of the hooded man!
People have been going missing lately...
Dont make a sound.....
A Caged Heart
I Need to Know the History of My House... But I Am Terrified PART 1
Since the first time I died, I've fallen in love with the angel of death (Part 13)
We had a new neighbor move in
Uncle Tommy
The world ended last night and nobody remembers (Part 4)
My Dog is Missing
If I quit my job, I might be next. (Part 3)
The Hole
Every night she would come up the stairs.
Today I told an old man in the park my biggest secret - and he better keep his mouth shut
The Hole
I ordered myself on the dark web.
When I worked in a psychiatric hospital
The Hole
The real reason why you need sleep.
Til Death Do Us Part
Pitch Black Caves and Ones Endurance: The Sleep Disorder Collection (Part 2)
Does anyone know if there is an active market to buy and sell rare materials? (Haor of a Virgin, Blue Quaker Feathers etc)
Something strange is happening in the mall by my house.. and it all started with Pokémon Go...(PT 1)
Niks vir Niks
The Lab
My Grandfather was a Tanker in WW2 I found his journal yesterday... [part 1]
This number is ruining my life.
Whilst I am watched. Whilst I scream. Whilst I cry. [pt 1]
The Answerer - Part One.
My Uber Passenger Has Their Spouse on a Leash
Life in a Box
Life in a Box
Leviathan (Pt. 1)
The Man was outside (Leviathan pt. 1)
I'm Just The Chef
***EMERGENCY ALERT*** (UPDATE 2)
Mr. Longnose wants us to play his game.
The Story at the Bottom of the World, Piece 1
I have nightmares that keep me awake. I worry about all the men leaders that can push the nuclear button. A friend said to Elect More Women, because they are not cruel enough to destroy us.
The disease.
On the Way to Work
No sleep story Joe the killer
Last night I killed myself.
Metal and Bones
My first paranormal experience
it happened, i dont know what, but it happened
Its Nice to Have a Hobby (Pt 2)
How to survive camping
Welcome to Moka Park
Father
I got an interview for a new job and some weird things are happening
Weird flashing light (repost because the bot)
My Co-Worker Has Officially Gone Off the Deep End
The Man in the Mirror
There’s something in the subway. Pt 2.
A knock on the window..
Lucy
For the Greater Glory of God (Part 2)
My Hospital Was Used to Test a Bio-Weapon [Part 2]
Ever Since My First Encounter With A Paranormal Apparition, Unnatural Things Continue To Affect Me. Entry: 2i can’t stop getting sleep paralysis
There had to be something wrong with that bear.
My bestfriend Lucy.
Close all windows!
Apocalipsis Virus: Genesis
There are dead people in the river. They want me to join then.
The End if the World started 45 minutes ago.
Close all windows!
Old Basement Secrets
Poltergeist Virus: Genesis
Day 3 of not sleeping
Feed me
A game with the devil
My midnight visitor of the past is back to haunt me again
There’s something in the subway. Pt 2.
Ever Since My First Encounter With A Paranormal Apparition, Unnatural Things Continue To Affect Me. Entry: 2
Hi, I'm new.
You've Read This Before
The Blu-Ray Disc I wish I never saw (Part 2)
War is Hell
Damnation Of The Lost
Ghosts have faces
I visited my old childhood house today, and I don’t want to go back.
My first paranormal expirience
I don't think my boyfriend was ready for a baby.
Damnation Of The Lost
Midnight Buskers
Can’t sleep, thinking about life
I used to work as a police officer until I saw this.
If you ever receive a commission to complete this drawing, please decline
The Haze
There are two versions of my girlfriend, one of them is evil
The God Farm of Tevam Sound (Part 1)
We received a message from outer space, it came from a nine year old girl.
I fell asleep on an airplane [Part 2]
Reddit Has Become My Punishment.
The night I met death
Mr. Lore: Going to Oakmill!
The Test.
My son’s teacher sent me a letter about his behaviour in school. It had some pretty disturbing stuff in it.
The Journal In The Coffee Shop - Part 1
nosleep Funny Video
I Died in 1942 in WW2 But Now I Find Myself In the Body Of A Little Girl And Now I'm Loosing All My Old Memories.
I think I died and now my dog hates me.
Everyone in my family are door-to-door salesmen. Please don't let us in.
Don't trust gamers... I just got away...
I'm in a pretty hairy situation....
Weird light outside my window
The Test Part 2
I've Had Chest Pains My Entire Life. Now I Know Why.
Somebody help bring awareness to this short
The anti Christ was born
Jupiter's Rules [Part Three[
Infected City [Part 1]
I've always had a big problem with sleeping at night.
Real Story: The Suit in the Morgue
If you can't find love.
Everything is Frozen in Place Except Me
Don't Stop For Gas Late At Night
There’s Something Strange Happening In My Neighborhood.
Opened the wrong door
I used to love the winter
I'm Not Sure.
Y
I hate being awake
I'm looking for someone called Trey aged 19. Please help
Camino Encantado
Something is happening to my body
Cancer has run in my family for a long, long time. A woman just offered to cure it.
Friend
They're Coming For Us
Creepypasta suggestions please :::&gt;&gt;&gt;
For Sale
Encountered A Wendigo Whilst Visiting My Grandparents In Northern Minnesota
My Sister Saw It Too
A Brothers Love
Warn me
I Went Missing Four Years Ago. I Woke Up In A Town That Doesn’t Exist. (Part three)
Watch me (I)
I work at Walmart. There’s something in the vents. (Part 1)
If I quit my job, I might be next. (Part 2)
We were the unwelcomed guests
Someone is planning a break-in, and nobody believes me
"Momma,what was that?"
Watch me (I)
By the Side of the Road
ERASE YOUR MIND
The monster in the Mississippi
Into the Woods.
Short scary story
I Found a Trove of Tapes that Hide Dark Secrets [Part 1]
My co worker just sent this classified email to me
My Friend at the CIA just sent me this classified document.
My girlfriend left me a note that led me to a deadly game
Listen to the news
mushrooms, LSD , DMT FOR SALE / txt 6284002452
My Uber Passenger Has Their Spouse on a Leash
The previous tenant of my new flat left a survival guide. I might need some help.
Here comes the child bride
I'm a Vampire, and I'm being followed. (Part 2)History Lessons
Something happens to me every night, please help me..
The Living Bones
The Suicide Friend
What do you fear?
How long can I be involuntarily committed for?
Best friend turned into a monster
Ce Semeni, Aia Culegi
The Laundromat
The twisted girl (fiction)
I've heard this voice my entire life and I'm starting to lose control.
I know when it kills.... [part 2]
Something Hacked Into My Laptop. It's Coming For All Of Us.
It wasn’t just a dream
Lover Inc.
THE ENCOUNTER.
So I’m able to see spirits
It came back
There’s something in the subway. Pt 2.
The Concierge
Great grandma's room
My sister has been leaving me concerning voicemails (final)
There’s something in the subway. Pt 2.
It wasn’t just a dream
My name is Jack Mason and I'm an innocent man
The old couple
Disturbing deep web video
Its Nice to Have a Hobby
My ‘bugged’ copy of Zelda: Breath Of The Wild
My sister is a triple amputee, yet I can hear her walking around at night
Fake Hospital
There's Something Not From This Earth Living in my Attic
The Nightmare
A Scoop of Sadness
I'm going to tell you a story, why I'm still afraid to take a bath...
The black eyed children
LET ME GO LET ME
Missing
I think I died
To the dog lovers in reddit, how did you know that your dog is the one?
Deadly Light on the Lake
I don’t know witch is worse: the wet footprints or the reflection...
I found a journal from the Middle Ages, written by someone who was born in 1996
My brothers suicide is not making any sense to me. Part 2: The Lockbox
THE BUS TO NOWHERE
I'm on a train through an alternate reality (Part 2)
My neighbor tried to kill me
Avoid Bleedtown at all costs
The Bus to nowhere (RITUAL)
climate change
A Few New Patients
Army of the Finely-Dressed Dead
I’m Sorry Alex
The shadow in my room takes a piece of me everynight and I'm running out of fingernails.
Why you should switch from human women to real women.
The Dead Moon Sepulcher
Who, Who is this?
The Chernobyl Exclusion Zone isn't what you've been made to believe it is
The Chernobyl exclusion zone isn't what you think it is - Part One
The Seven Deadly Sins: The Return
Sleep paralysis or malicious attack?
Ever Since My First Encounter With A Paranormal Apparition, Unnatural Things Have Continued To Affect Me.
Sleep paralysis or Malicious attack [True]
I work at a summer camp called Camp Oakwood. Something weird is going on. (Part 4)
Pete the Moonshiner
There’s something in the subway. Pt 1.
There’s something in the subway. Pt 1.
The pink bedroom
The Taylor Swift Theory
I found out that my grandparents had a house, today me and my friends are checking it out.
The Drowned Boy [Pt1]
I've Been Living Inside My Ex-Boyfriend's Body for Five Years
It wasn’t just a dream
The Drowned Boy [Part I]
I was walking in the woods when i saw her
There's something wrong with my guardian angel
I Filed A Claim For The Equifax Breach; Now They Own My Life
If I quit my job, I might be next (Part 2)
My Hospital Was Used to Test a Bio-Weapon [Part 1]
My brothers suicide is not making any sense to me. Part 2: The Lockbox
The house at the end of my street was demolished because of the disappearances. But I can still see it.
I wish I hadn't
Gabe and Aunt Grace hit the road...
My brothers suicide is not making any sense to me. Part 2: The Lockbox
The Miracle
I don't think I'm 'me', anymore
My keyboard makes sounds at night.
It wasn’t just a dream
My dads story about 9/11
I'm Regretting the Mile High Club, but my Job Demands It
Deadly Light on the Lake - A True Horror Story
I think my friend is a murderer....
I have a weird friend who I don't want to see anymore. Here's why....
I woke up and I couldn’t move.
I took a back road that doesn’t exist.
BABYSITTER WANTED
Rainfall
I Was Stalked By Witches/A Cult
Can’t sleep
My NightmaresI'm an angel, and I think I have a problem...
"Hope it was just a nightmare" I thought...
Please read this. I promise I'm not crazy. I just want to help. (Part 1)
I think I died
This Is My Confession.
My paintings have become sentient and now people are dying
Everyone who buys my paintings is dying
someone is watching me and i don't think i have time left
When Did I Fall, Why Am I Awaking
What goes bump at night?
The pink bedroom
What do I make of this?
I went hiking with my friend
Paranoia?
My Father Was Arrested This Morning
Paranoia?
The Demonolaters (part 2)
Theres something off about the bridges.
Paranoia?
The Demonolaters (Log: 1 Ch: 1)
Make it Weaker for the Next One
Make itt Easier For the Next One
People Can't Run That Fast
Something is still here that my dad summoned years ago...
I found a journal in my family's cabin.
Jupiter's Rules [Part Two]
I made a wish when I was a child. I got what I asked for, not what I wanted.
Why I can't go to camp anymore
I Found The Journals Of a Man Claiming To Be An Old West Time Traveler (Part 3)
If I quit my job, I might be next. (Part 1)
My Hospital Was Used to Test a Bio-Weapon [Part 1]
The Wishing Crow
I made a wish as a child. I got what I asked for, not what I wanted.
Did I just fucking die? Well, yes and no.
A Simple Game of Mafia (part 2)
Night on The Mountain
A Man Has Been Watching Me and My Friend
I can feel energy's and I don't know what to do anymore
I can feel energy's and I don't know what to do anymory
Something's wrong with the bridges
There are no voices inside my head.
People Can't Run That Fast
I'm going to tell you a story, why I'm still afraid to take a bath...
People Can't Run That Fast
People Can't Run That Fast
Not all our patients are crazy: part 2
My Third brother is back, and he is MAD
Pins and needles
Witch is worse
I saw an article about a child with 500 teeth, I thought I'd tell my story
Searching for Other Hybrids Like Me
Shared dreams
He told me he was my best friend, and I trusted him...
Asking for help
I Have Sleep Paralysis. Something Has Been Happening. Parts 1, 2, and 3
I never knew, until this very moment.
She crys at dawn
It's definitely not leeches in the lake
A Diary I Found In The Middle Of A Street Part 1
I Have Sleep Paralysis. Something Has Been Happening. (Parts 1, 2, and 3)
Those who try to explore the dark web without any protection then you should be reading this.
The forest is alive, and she spoke to me last night.
A call for help
The witch of blackjoe hollow
Spider peen
My cousin saw a light.
A hostile super-intelligence is coming for us all.
Kentucky Nights
I am a shopowner. I sold a city for a coin.
I'm on a train through an alternate reality. I hope this diary will keep me sane.
The witch of blackjoe hollow
I was never the same again after participating in an experimental study
Someone’s in my home
They told me the TV was haunted (Part 1)
The Dream man
I'm pretty sure I'm working in a haunted warehouse (2)
Never go to Bleedtown
Coffee | Pt. 1
My Last Hope
The Hunt Of The Yellow Eyed Demons
In June of 2018 I have been murdering my wife over and over again every day of the month.
I thought it was my cat...but she was next to me.
POLYBIUS is real
Im stuck on 2012
My brothers suicide is not making any sense to me. Part 1
closet
I know when it kills....
I Work at the Darabont County Archives - Part Six E
‘Ride y0ur b0yfriend like a h0rse’
The hidden door
Stop signing up for 23andMe [Part 2]
I didn't murder them.
So I'm a missing person now.
I work at a summer camp called Camp Oakwood. Something weird is going on. (Part 3)
My patient wears a tinfoil hat. Now I know the horrifying reason why.
I never was the same after participating in an experimental study
So I'm a missing person now.
I’m scared to leave my baby brother alone...
The Westwood Murders
Divorce By Fire And BrimstoneReal horror story..
Culinary Carnival
An app called Best Fruits gave me more than good food
vacant.
I thought Ouija boards were just a joke...
My girlfriend’s first heroin injection was cut with a new drug that is more lethal than fentanyl
Something Happened to My Family on Their Vacation
I Have Started Hunting Humans and Monsters Again. [Part 5]
The Blu-Ray Disc I wish I never saw
Please help me
Truly Dead By: TheAviatorDude1116
It wasn’t just a dream
Why I joined the secret movement to throw everyone over age 25 into detention centers.
321-000-9966
The Haunting of Gallow Wood - a scary encounter with local creeps...
I Don't Think My Body Is My Own Anymore
My Friend Went Missing, and His Captor Told Me Where to Find Him.
My son saw something in the darkness. My brother may know something about it.
I saw people's emotional wounds. I think I finally understand. [Final]
I'm a hotel manager and weird things are happening. (Part 2)
The eyes
Really scary story (requires upvote)
A Story No One Will Like
Ole, Ole Ole Ole, Ole, Ole
Maggots In My Mind
She Said, "Beware Picasso"
Send out prayers/good vibes please
Cape Cod Family Memories
A strange sound
Children of The Lake
My daily worship with Aunt Grace
PMSD - Post Murder Stress Disorder
I saw something that can't be seen.
My second time on an atv today.
PMSD (Post Murder Stress Disorder)
will is fleeting
Penn’s Party Park
I don't think someone was trying to break into my house
The dare of all dares.
Demon
Don't talk to the rain
I covered up my daughter's death, but I think she is back
POLYBIUS is real... I must destroy it
I played POLYBIUS... it was the worst mistake of my life
321-760-1386
Nothing is worse then ive been through
(321) 714-2185
Extra curricular
You may not believe me but i played POLYBIUS... Today
Ever Since I’ve Seen My First Apparition, I Can’t Stop Seeing Them.
I'm a hotel manager and weird things are happening (part 2)
I'm a hotel manager and I've seen some weird things (part 2)
I found it Mr.Midnight
Not a spooky story I just need help posting mine I’m getting really annoyed!
Scary guy in woods
hi
I wish I never saw it, because now I can’t unsee it
Payed A Visit To My Grandparent's And Almost Got Killed By A Wendigo
The Urban Decay
They came with the rain
A wendigo is watching me
The tragedy of grief
I bought a new house last week; I finally broke into the basement.
If you see polaroids on a wall in an abandoned building, run
The tragedy of grief (re-written)
I'm an ex-military intelligence operator and I want to talk about Lucky the Gambian... [P2]
I went to Santa Monica and it changed me
I killed my daughter but I think shes back
My Parents Don't Celebrate The 4th of July Anymore
Santa Monica
Bear
My worst ever job interview
MY HAUNTED NIGHTMARES
My wife says our baby is sleeping.
Where did I go?
Entropy, death; Decay
My Hainted Nightmares
My cult is punishing me for being pregnant
Another Ghost?
My Haunting Nightmares (nsfw)
I got an interview for a new job [Part 1]
I swear there was something wrong with the metro this morning
My Haunted Nightmares
I had an interview for a new job
DO NOT LOOK AT THE MOON
I went to sleep and woke up somewhere entirely different.
Demons in my Nightmares
I was born on a child farm - Part 0
Abandoned House Nightmare
Our next author needs no introduction
Sometimes I fall out of our dimension...
I saw something reflected in my dogs eyes.
The Stalking Ghost
I work as a security guard for a company that takes jobs no one else will [Part 3]
The previous tenant of my new flat left a survival guide. Things just keep getting weirder.
I saw something reflected in my dogs eyes.
The howl of the wolf
I Moved “Homes”
I'm hiding a secret that could kill me
Everytime I go to bed, I hear stompingNot all our patients are crazy: part 1
Lucy's Party
Please Don't Buy These Noodles!!
Please Don't Buy These Noodles
A wendigo is watching me
I Have Sleep Paralysis. Something Has Been Happening. (Parts 1, 2, and 3)
Walking Flesh
My bestfriends have gone crazy and I'm the only ones who know about it
The clown in the woods
I Have Sleep Paralysis. Something Has Been Happening. (Part 2)
Beware the drawing of concentric circles
Astral Connection
Buy it
I don't think my brother committed suicide.
I Have Sleep Paralysis. Something Has Been Happening.
Connection
Dozed Off
When I was ten on Willow Lane
I 'm sorry but i can't let you live any longer
Confession of the night I became a familiar.
Evil Lives on Aisle Five
I Went Missing Four Years Ago. I Woke Up In A Town That Doesn’t Exist. (Part three)
Dreams Do Not Exist
Weird stuff has been happing to me
My Town Has Been Quarantined For The Past Six Years.
I have a Stuffy nose
My Shitty Luck With Camps
My True Story Encounter with a Wendigo
My Town Has Been Quarantined For The Past Six Years.
Consumed...I’m really scared about my neighbor
I'm a Former Heartthrob That Starred in a Teen Drama Part 1
After falling down the elevator shaft, I was surprised I didn't die.
I killed somebody
Always avoid the number three.
My Father's Killer
By Grace and by body
I didn't always fear death.
Jupiter's Rules [Part One]
Stargazing is hard when they're all dead.
Teacher takes me to Husband's Morgue
Why I'll Never Go Diving Again
A History Of Nemo: The Beginning
The mind is dangerous
The people in photos are coming for us
I keep having the same dream every night
Shadow People
The Cure for Cancer Costs more than it’s Worth
The Cure for Cancer is too Expensive
Shadow People (Sleep Paralysis)
I went to bed and woke up somewhere entirely different.
ERASE YOUR MIND ( Creepy story i found on Facebook)
I work at a summer camp called Camp Oakwood. Something weird is going on. (Part 2)
The Kelpie
I work at a summer camp called Camp Oakwood. Something weird is going on. (Part 2)
Non-Existence
The Rapture Wasn't What We Thought
I Wish I Hadn’t Listened to My Grandfather’s Recordings
I was told surviving college is hard. We just keep hoping we survived the night. (Part 2)
I've lost another Boyfriend.
My new book
I'm Ashlyn Turner, a 16 year old girl who guides trapped spirits to the afterlife they need. My last client was a little difficult, however.
I am a History Teacher in England - I’ve seen some weird things
Chest Pain
They call me “The Mind Eraser.” I wish I had a gadget like in the movies, but I have to do things the hard way.
My name is Ashlyn Turner, and I'm 16 years old. I help guide spirits who haven't been able to leave Earth to where they need. My last client was a little odder than usual, however.
An empty abyss
Real life no sleep
Let's Make A Deal: a letter to you
The Rain 2
01101101 01100101 01110011 01110011 01100001 01100111 01100101 00100000 01110100 01101111 00100000 01111001 01101111 01110101
I going to get eaten.
Sleep wake and she will get you
My Boyfriend's Dreams Are Starting to Scare Me
it takes root with time
I keep having the same dream every night
A Visit from the Shadow Man
Please help me
I experienced true purgatory.
Seeing things
The Sound That Is Unheard
I feel like I'm being followed
I've started having these dreams, I just can't seem to explain it.
A long trip
A long vacation
Nosleep
Teacher
The Demonolaters
There is a primordial beast within the Gulf of Mexico
There is something wrong with my phone.
The coast isn't safe (part 2)
Revenant
Everywhere I go, it follows.
Let's Make A Deal
Everywhere I go, it follows.
I feel crazy...am I really the only one!?
What went on in Area 51, once ago
There's A Little Girl At My Door
I think I was just visited by an Anti-Dark Web Agent.
Losing Count
Short Deep State Sci Fi Story - Pregnant Jim By Lucy Marie Maund...HelloThis isn't my life...
My Cousin is Really Good at Hide-and-Seek.
A generic haunted story
I work for the SETI Institute in Mountain View, California and in exactly 550 day we're all going to die.
My cat disappeared then came back. He wasn't actually a cat.
I was told surviving college is hard. We just keep hoping we survived the night. (Part 1)
NeoNERV: I Studied String Theory and Started to Unravel
You won't remember this when it counts
Is this real life?
Towerhouse
I'm an ex-military intelligence operator and I want to talk about some things...
There's A Little Girl at My Door
I danced with the devil.
I got backer-acted, my roommate was possessed
the little girl in the back room
I spoke to the Devil and now he's killing everyone i know. {Part 1}
Channel 43 [Part1]
Someone's watching me through my radio
What is that?
The incident
Mom&amp;Daughter
Someone else has been in my house.
Your friend, Crispin
A Simple Discussion at Midnight.
If you live in Texas, Do NOT press the “Seek” button on your radio at night. (Part 2)
If you live in Texas, Do NOT press the “Seek button on your radio at night (Part 2)
My Man In Black: Introduction
The Book that Predicted my Death
The previous tenant of my new flat left a survival guide. Last night my survival was threatened.
We keep seeing the same hitchhiker.
Have you seen her?
SeniorPrank.Edu
They say there's leeches in the lake
An avid reader's nightmare
If your thinking about commiting suicide don't you might turn into a vampire and have your horrible problems for all eternity.
Have you seen her?
Thank you for your cooperation.
I'm still scared to this day
I work as a security guard for a company that takes jobs no one else will [Part 2]
Ageless.
I Don't Have Sleep Paralysis
The Itch
This was the closest I had ever been to someone Turning
Every night a different Orange Julius employee tucks me into bed and I don’t know why (FINAL)
The virus acts quickly, and there is no cure
No Head: A True Story Of Headless Horror
(trigger warming) the typing child program.
NoSleep Interview with Cawdor23!
taxes
The Wanderers second Diary
I hope you see Him
We are all aware now..
The Theory
We were supposed to be immune, at least, that’s what they told us
There is something in the wendy house
I love Horror
The New House
Weird Things Have Been Happening at the Summer Camp I Work At
Don’t. Move. Anything
I Set Fire To My Haunted House, But Maybe I Was Wrong...
Help me break out of a fantasy
I NOTICE A QUOTE
The Uncanny Return to Earth
What to do about the sound in the distance
A warning
Broken Planchette
plz help
I work at a summer camp called Camp Oakwood. Something weird is going on.
My name is Drew Jackson
The Crooked Hitchhiker
They will find my body soon.. but it isn't mine. (PART ONE) TW: Violence/Murder
The ghost girl was living downstairs.
The world ended last night and nobody remembers (Part 3)
If you live in Texas, get out. Now
My suicide attempt failed to end my miserable life. It ended up making me less capable to do anything.
I'm all alone in the house and I just hear someone cough
My Tia’s Experience with Owls
I Was Offered A Position At a Secret Laboratory... I'm Now Scarred For Life
My experience with magic mushrooms
I NOTICE A QUOTE
The voice in the back of my mind
They heard us
[Part 1] [NSFW] [Suicide Description] My marriage fell apart, now I'm trying to fix it after my wife's death.
"I'm Glad You Called."
I have to tell you about this kid I grew up with. His name was Carl and he seemed to be followed by a curse.
I have started hunting humans and monsters again. [Part 4]
looking for Adventures (bored and up for everything)
My Grandfather and the Monster Beneath Iwo Jima
I buried a loved one in my frontyard
The tragedy of grief
Demon (Part Five)
There's Room Enough For Two.
They took our phones. Luckily I have two.
My life is the movie "Groundhogs Day" and I hate it.
People-Watchers
Was my cat ever really in here?
I Was Arrested Because I Set Fire To My Haunted House
Ageless.
The Figures Passing Through My Room, Voices Behind My Door.
High CountryMy middle school had its own variation of Bloody Mary, but she was real
I saw strange things on my cruise (Part 1)
My Dreams Were Terrifying. Then They Came True...
The Living Nightmare
Smoking with friends.
Scratching coming from the attic
Demon in the Woods
Scratching coming from the attic (true story)
My childhood nightmare
My Girlfriend Takes Forever To Get Ready
A different take on a scary story
I work for SETI, and I received a transmission from something that knows me. -Repost-
I work for SETI and I received a transmission from something who knows me(repost)
Looking for info about an event
I worked as a part-time employee for a Landscaping Company, and I regret it
Jelly
There is something in the house with me
The Thing That Crawls
[Part 1] I found this app, but it’s probably been doing weird stuff
I hear it in the walls (Pt.1)
The Smell of Cigarettes
The Smell of Cigarettes
I found out that my grandparents had a house, today, me and my friends are checking it out
Baking a cake
My 3rd day not sleeping.
The Sealed Room
My Friends and I went Exploring The Abandoned Tunnels and My Friends Never Came Back Out
Since I Left You
Baking a cake
I got a legit creepy voicemail. I'm confused as to what it's saying...
My Friends And I Explored Abandoned Tunnels, They Never Came Back Out
There is a stench in the air...
My husband doesn't exist anymore.
So I've Received Another Messed Up Message On My Phone
Turn right
My girlfriend; Mary. I dont know where we are...
They Say When You Die, Your Memories Flash Before Your Eyes. They Never Say They're Taken From You
The Never-Ending, Ever-Changing Death
My Girlfriend; Mary. I dont know where she we are now...
we are all aware of it now..
I Think my Nightmares are Becoming Reality
Obtain Dollars Bills online – 100 Notes Bill
The previous tenant of my new flat left a survival guide. Today I finally met her.
There's something weird about our panda.
Someone is knocking at my open door
Is there a list created of all accounts that have been confirmed to be true?
The Man In The Woods (PART 2)
I need advice,
Every time I die, I switch lives with someone, I can’t stop.
Do not use the elevators (Part 3)
I work as a monster hunter part 2
I work at a secret government facility and have some information to tell
Sweet Dreams
Symbiote
There was a car staking out my neighborhood
Turn around
I can't GET OUT of Portugal!
If you live in Texas, Do NOT press the “Seek” button on your radio at night.
A Trip to the Beach [Part 2]
My town smells like opioid poop.
Every night a different Orange Julius employee tucks me into bed and I don’t know why (Part 2)
I entered an alternate dimension and I never want to go back.
The Tall Man
The entity on my bed!
The Things Made of Spare Body Parts
You never really know who you meet on Omegle
In the Tunnels.
Does anyone else think it’s rude when your reflection won’t make eye contact?
My girlfriend was being stalked by a lunatic
Who, who is this?
The Hamburger Helper Oven Mitt Tried to Eat My Iguana
Fucking pussies, checkout r/awkwardresponses dweebs
I am so sexy but the way i became sexy is unbelievable
Elon reeve musk
He Got Into the House
Heart and organ flavor
The steps outside my tent
I'm drinking myself to death and I miss you
I broke into Area 51, I wish I hadn't..
My Friend Angela
What I Lost in the Pond
Somthing is living in the basement
The First Account of the Memory Program
Journal of a Relic Hunter Part1
An old woman told me how I was going to die...
I’m Never Working Late Shifts Again
I don't know who that is, but it's not my best friend
Stay out of the woods
I met Satan through my sister
There’s someone on this flight who doesn’t belong.
You’re not just paranoid you are being watched
The smiling girl. THIS IS NOT REAL
The screaming woman
Dream at 3am Help
I’ve lived in a subterranean town my whole life. I thought it was the only safe place in the world, but I was wrong.
Dream at 3 am
I Found A Dead Body In My House.
My house is haunted
3am and dreams
All The Crying GirlsNoSleep Video Super
My Home Smart System Creates Disasters. I'm Terrified to Find Out What It Says Next.
This number is not as fake as you think. I suggest thinking twice before calling
Why and How 4CHAN of all things will the last beacon of hope (PT 1)
My brother-in-law and I made our assholes kiss
My BIL and I got together and made our assholes kiss
I found your guide James
What happened after 'That weird ass deployment'
A filthy old hag
What happend after my platoon got the callsign 'Dragon Slayer'
Demon Vs Alien
The concrete statue I stole won't kill me. Only people I hate
Blue Fog?
NeoNERV: Traveling Particle by Particle Personal Case File 2
Uber story idea
Sleep paralysis
I’ll never admit to killing my son.
I buried a loved one in the backyard
The Boy
The White Raven's Call
I found some audio recordings. This is what I heard. (Working title: Tapes) [Part 1]
Supernatural girl comes to a costal village and kidnaps children.
The man with the golden ring and the red bracelet(part2)
Since the first time I died, I've fallen in love with the angel of death (Part 12)
The House Beside My School
Possible paranormal encounter
Michelle Reinhart of the Toronto Police is my abuser. She is one of many. Violence towards women needs to stop.
I Saw Red Eyes In The Dark
I work for SETI, and I received a transmission from something who knows me
I work for SETI, and I recurved a transmission from something who knows me.
The White Raven's Call [Part 1 of 2]
Attachment
I saw a ghost at a waterpark in Costa Rica
Consumed
I broke into Area 51.. I wish I handn't
My friend hasn’t slept in days. His messages are starting to disturb me.
I Run a Butcher Shop
Shadow People...?
He Slept Below Me.
Posh
A true story of how I saw a ghost in Costa Rica
Lulu's monsters
Journal of a Relic Hunter Part1
My roommate seems odd
[TRUE] I have a ghost story from a waterpark in Costa Rica
Just one
My roommate is a bit odd
Some Words Before I Go.
My Therapist Suggested I Write This Letter
She won't stop pinching me
We're getting concerned about our son. Lately he's been acting distant and not talking with the family as much as usual.
Losing Count
A price to pay for happiness.
I know now i am not crazy.
Gang Stalking
The Stick-men of Pleasure Hill, Louisiana [Part 3]
I don't know how to draw but someone is a fan
A price to pay for happiness.
The Stick-men of Pleasure Hill, Louisiana [Part 3]
I don't trust animals anymore...
AVICHI III
Melody
Did you hear that?
I used to be a butcher for a meat packing company
My Friend Is Loosing His Mind, And I Can't Help Anymore...
A Simple Game of Mafia
The Monkey
The Exit Corridor
I've Been Dead for Quite Some Time Now
They didnt stand a chance.
Scottish Hotel Hell [part 2] - A dead girl's jewelry in the forest
Journal of a Relic Hunter part 1
i saw it in the sky and now i understand the incidents
From the Diary of Morgan Freeman
The Elevator on Floor Zero
Never accept scam calls
Butterflies
A Friend Sent Me a Dybbuk Box, So I Opened It (Part 4)
It Follows
So my mom says she think this happened ill let you be the juge
My Horrific Tinder Experience
I used to clean a haunted theater
You always stay indoors in the night town
My girlfriend; Mary. I dont think she's real... I think I'm going crazy.
The previous tenant of my new flat left a survival guide. I think I’m going to need more than a guide.
I’m an Exorcist and I regret taking this job
I was kidnapped by royalty. The world will soon know our love.
Things that keep you awake at night?
Ever wonder what happens behind those restricted doors at bars? I wish i didn't.
They Say When You Die, Your Memories Flash Before Your Eyes. They Never Say Someone Takes Them.
The Tunnel...or...When Darkness acts like the Light
I Buried A Loved One In My Front yard.
Don't go behind private doors.
They Say When You Die, Your Memories Flash Before Your Eyes. They Never Say Someone Takes Them, Or the Man in the Shadows
They Say When You Die, Your Life Flashes Before Your Eyes. They Never Say Someone Took Them (or) The Man in the Shadows
My 10th birthday present...
Jr's Pizzeria and Bar Stories (Part 1)
The Real life Freddy Fazbear's Pizzeria (Jr's Stories #1)
Dont Trust The Ice Cream Man
The Rain Part 2The Rain Part 2
I'm a good listener and my words are venom
These goddamn zombies are trespassing on my lawn and it's pissing me off
The Rain Part 2
Any Scary Stories Or Scary Experiences With The Paranormal
The Hooded Man with the Little Girl's Voice
Let’s Play
I work for the skinwalker task force
Every night a different Orange Julius employee tucks me into bed and I don’t know why (Part 1)
The Lost and Found
The dark creatures of our rural village.
A Trip To The Beach
A filthy old hag
My town isn't normal
Acceptance
Dream or Vision?
The Neighbour
Have you ever forgotten
Biting at my Heels
I don’t know what you are, but you’re not a human anymore...
I Think I Drove into Another Dimension and Found Something Horrifying...
I live in a small mountain town (Part 3)
The Neighbour
The man with the golden ring and the red bracelet(part 2)
A Mysterious Childhood Game
There's a Zombie on your lawn.
My Plane Crashed Above The Pacific Ocean. We Survived, But There Is Something Terribly Wrong.
I'm working at a Christian summer camp. I'm ready to go home (Part 4)
The Ice Cream Man Came To Town Again
1982 IRA bombings story
The Book of Autonomancy: FINAL (Part 24)
Don't Go Out After Curfew
Don't Go Out After Curfew
Some Story's my Nanny Told Me
Found a ominous message scrawled on a piece of paper in a nursing home roof cavity, was not a fan!
the baby phone incedent ( actually true )
I've Just Received an Odd Text from a Phone Number That Makes No Sense
I work as a security guard for a company that takes jobs no one else will
The Deerians
When I Met Mary
I helped a wendigo, and i regret it all.
Most know me as the street performer, my enemies know me as a Mythic Hunter...
I really hate shower curtains
My horror story
A warning from a regretful time traveler
The monster moved in.
Hotel California
Channel 176
Human psychology and belief
Secret Room?
I'm going to die today
I helped my Uncel at his Job and the last one destoryed me.
I Took A Pill From A Dominos Employee In New York City.
The Man In The Woods
Erase Your Mind
Creepy Woman Ran Towards My Window
Erase Your Mind.
Oh
Creepy Woman Ran Towards My Window
The world outside the quilt.
Buzz Pills
The night my baby was born
Woman Ran Towards My Window
NeoNERV: Traveling Particle by Particle Personal Case File 1
I had to kill a person and yield her soul to save my sister [Final]
Our Lord and Savior
Do you ever go the theme park
My girlfriend
NeoNERV: Traveling Particle by Particle [Section 1 of 2]
Doctor, Doctor
The world outside the quilt.
Sleep in my eyes
AVICHI III
The Thing of Archery Range Road
Something Found Me in Washington's National Parks
His Imaginary Friend Brought Snacks
Cocula
I'm stuck on an endless train track! [Finale]
The time I swear that I saw a ghost.
The New House
There’s a Giant Person in the Sky (final part
The White Elk Society
The White Elk Society
I'm a hotel manager and I've seen some weird things
The Dog on David's Farm
My new dog is such a good boy (Update 1)
I found out how my Dad died.
Something was talking in the corner of my living room..
I just experienced some nightmare on elm street level dreaming
The Things Made of Spare Body Parts
I live in a small mountain town (Part 3)
What is it like to be someone else for a day
I've always known I'm not human, but this is too much.
I saw God in a McDonalds parking lot
We didn’t often receive specimens such as these...
We didn’t often receive specimens such as these...
I Fell Off A Cruise Ship
I'm telling myself if it just a coincidence...
I have to admit, I've burned quite a few aunts alive in my time as well.
What I saw on the beachCatch me Mr. Robertson
My daydreams are coming true [Part 2]
LEOs Stories
My girlfriend; Mary. I dont think she's real... I think I'm going crazy.
A Nightmare Come True (Part 1 of 2)
Sleep Deprived
The Lady of the Lagoon
Left home alone for the first time
There is a rage brewing
The Guiding Light
Boris
am I really an angel, father kinji?
The AT&amp;T Building Near my Home is Hiding Something
My Girlfriend, Mary... I dont know how to help her.
my first friend:)
Necrogamy冥婚
idk
The previous tenant of my new flat left a survival guide. I’m not sure I want to live here anymore.
Watch what you say!
Bobbecideland
The Ice Cream Man Came To Town Again
It hunts the woods at night
Unperishable Bananas
The man with the golden ring and the red bracelet(part1)
Mr. Scissors
The cabin in the Woods
H.E. 19,020 July 28 -- Final Entry.
Butterflies
God is in the details.
Marcus
I’m a 911 Dispatcher and Just Got In Way Over My Head (Part 1)
Something's in the walls
this one time i went outside
My climbing partner got the first ascent on an open project. Now he doesn't exist
I'm inside your house.
Don't be alone.
No Future [Part 1]
I'm Going to Go Missing
Once loved, now hated.
I See Demons That Aren't Supposed To Be Seen.
10 minutes to spend 5 minutes to die
Any stories similar to "why I hate lightning McQueen"
I encountered a ghost in abandoned barracks
I Got A Chance To Direct My Favorite Horror Star
The Cats In My Neighborhood Aren't Normal.
I kept waking up between 3-4am and i dont know why...(part 1)
Do Not Talk To Him
What am i remembering (Part 1) Triggerwarning/NSFW
I'm stuck on an endless train track! [Finale]
The Demon in my Pantry
Someone in the other room story
I got a call at midnight
I got a call at midnight
God is in the details
I live in a town where nobody ages [Update]
Don't Buy Overwatch [Part 1]
Don't buy Overwatch [Part 1]
The Pit
A crisp fall day, 1974, northern Oklahoma.
The red man
I used to love the nightshift. Then it became the reason i remained alive
I'm a spec ops troop and let me tell you my story.
Marcus
You Have Seven Days
I Know They Eat Kids
My sister has been leaving me concerning voicemails (part 2)
I Was Hired to Find a Girl Named Holly [Final]
I Died But I am Still Here
A crisp fall day, 1974, northern Oklahoma.
Leviathans pt.3
Disoriented
I Was Given "The List"
My Neighborhood Cat
Nine one onetime child trauma
I have a question about the no sleep podcast
The Girl Named Bea
Not a story
The Praying Fungus
I Work For The Canadian Government - Part 3
My town is on lockdown and something is coming
These goddamn zombies are trespassing on my lawn and it's pissing me off
I fell asleep on an airplane
Please, don't search for aliens.
[SERIOUS] Please, for humanity's sake, don't search for aliens.
Mr. Lore: This time we won't fail
I see people's emotional wounds. I think mine is growing into something more. [Part 2]
What is your native horror experience?
The Mirror
The Mirror
orphan
Authorization Code Everest (Part 1)
[SERIOUS] Please, don't search for Alien life.
Curse of Eternal Darkness
Stalker
Someone is in the basement
I was laying in my bed one night and couldn't sleep so I got up too go get some food but when I walked over to the kitchen my cat knocked over some glassware that I left there it made me jump back then I ran for the lights once i got too the light switch
I made a unusual friend in Tibet.
My Childhood nightmare
Tell me who your friends are and I'll tell you who you are
That Thing in the Coffin Was My Sister...Right?The Salesman
My family is VERY traditional
How well do you really know someone?
You have a delivery scheduled. Part Four.
Every year I reread my favorite novel—IT by Stephen King. For three years, I knew what to expect, and the book was as enjoyable as ever. Five years ago, that changed. This first post details the first year things...changed.
Those were the days
Looking for your stories
Poppy seeds &amp; bath water
I Know Why There Are so Many Missing Children Posters
We're stuck in a store with something that isn't human. I don't think we'll be getting out anytime soon.
I’m stuck in an empty universe. Something is about to happen.
gerald's hiding spots
The Day We Switched the People Off
The Hunted
I think I need to quit my job. (Part 2 of 2)
The Face
Fail Often
I don't think I have a maternal instinct because I don't like my baby
The Stick-men of Pleasure Hill, Louisiana [Part 2]
The Salesman (an original folk tale)
Matress Man of Blackjack
My Friend is Acting Strange [1 of 2]
Clock Strikes Twelve
I need advice/help
Last night the forests returned, and I don't know where my husband is. (part 2)
Last night the forests returned, and I don't know where my husband is. (part 2)
Last night the forests returned, and I don't know where my husband is. (part 2)
Do not use the elevators (Part 2)
I'm stuck on an endless train track! [Part Three]
I'm an experimental physicist and my equipment has put me in danger
The Ice Cream Man Came To Town Again
He’s coming.
I've been in line for 3 years
The Man
The Man
Need help finding a story!!!
The time that will forever haunt me.
My Dad Is Acting Strange
AVICHI II
They crawl below the basement. They have my wife. They have my son.
Keep the lights on... and don't trust the shadows...
Looking for a story on the no sleep podcast(just a normal question)
The ‘Thing’ Watched Me
I finally met my dad and we're trying to make up for the time we lost.
Th Woman In My House
I answered one of those "Have you or a loved one been in an accident in the last six months?” spam calls
Spooky
truth or dare
My Horoscope Has Been Making Me Uneasy
Don’t suppose I’ll go back to Lobsterfest after the wicked scorcher last year
Area 51 is a Distraction, the Real Prize is in Eastern Alaska
I think my wife kidnapped me:
The thoughts of the restless mental state
The Stick-men of Pleasure Hill, Louisiana [Part 2]
I work for the local pound. Something came out of the basement and it’s terrifying.
I work for the local pound. Something came out of the basement and it’s terrifying.
The thoughts of the mind.
Someone may have broke in..
Trying to find a story I read here
The ocean should remain unexplored [Final]
Tragedy at my High School
The man with the golden ring and the re bracelet(part1)
it almost killed us
Something keeps visiting me at night. It's terrifying.
SCP-087-1 Is In My House
Don’t Touch the Walls
The man with the golden ring and the red bracelet(part1)
Silver Bullet
I was good at one thing
Every Night
I was a homeless man, now I’m back to my 12-years-old self (Final)
Kisaragi Stationきさらぎ駅
Don’t touch the walls
A Face in the Trees
My mother is from Romania
Somethings in this house (PT 2) (FINAL)
Why I Don't Run At Night Anymore (Part 2)
Career.
Den of the mother
Had a dream, scary at first
Had a dream, scary at first
The local pound I work for has a basement, what’s in it is terrifying.
Where is he?
I woke up in a strange place, was attack by an indescribable monster, and accidentally harnessed the powers of the universe. Help?
Where is he?
I think I am going insane for not being able to explain it.
I woke up in a strange place, got attack by an indescribable monster, and accidentally harnessed the power of the universe. Help?
The Dark Between.
I think I am making myself go insane.
Objects Moved at Night
something isnt right
Why I Don't Run at Night Anymore (Part 2)
The Cliffs of The West Coast
I work as a monster hunter part 1
I’m trapped in the body of a cat and I’m also stuck in Minecraft. Yes, you read that right.
Trailhead
On The Way Home
Newborn Twins
I had to kill a person and yield her soul to save my sister [Part 2]
Blocked.Death in Daylight
The Shopper
No one ever liked my neighbor Ricky, surely he will not be missed.......
Every year on June 5th in Orville, Alabama, three people go missing
You'll be scared to live alone ever since
Anyone heard of R/lla?
I almost reached nirvana
A Place Called Apple [Part 2]
I live in a town where nobody ages.
A Place Called Apple [Final Part]
I've discovered an old bedroom in my attic... UPDATE 2 with pictures
I've discovered an old bedroom in my attic... UPDATE 2 (with pictures)
Monster of the Woods
I Was Hired to Find a Girl Named Holly [Part Four]
Stitches
I’m The Only One In My Family Who Isn’t A Cannibal [Part 2]
I Think a Cult Is Trying to Kidnap Me
The boy and the water bucket
I’m obsessed with the basement
What is your childhood horror story?
Demon Dice
I'm scared at my own reflection.
Moving Houses Has Never Been So Terrifying
I Always Wanted To Be A Director
My son came home today
How I learned of the Rift at the heart of Area 51
Rosetta Stone
The reason my house has no mirrors.
Immortality is a Pain in The Ass, Trust Me
Please recommend your top3 series here (I just finished Borrasca)
There's Something in the Forest
Why I Fear the Tooth Fairy
Last weekend, 6 cops showed up at my apartment building, and I slowly began to piece together why they were here.
She wont stop pinching me
I had to kill a person and yield her soul to save my sister [Part 2]
My window opens when I wake up
Uncanny Valley (Part 3)
My daydreams are becoming real [Part 2]
My patient that came with a doll.
I think my house might be haunted
Click. Click. Click.
Front Spike: Part 1 "The Sunday/Monday Killer"
Sleepless
Subway, Eat Flesh.
The Void Beyond the Stars
Tell me a creepy bedtime story
Lately, My Horoscope Has Been A Little Off.
Degrading
The THING in my bed
There’s Something Sinister About My Horoscope.
I've Been Trapped In This Room For Days
The Nightly Run
Panicked Lethargic Marathon, or The Thing in the Garden
Invisible beings
I Took an Alternate Route on my Sat-Nav: I’m Lucky to Still be Alive
I will consume your young.
True story of one of my first 911 calls
True story of one of my first 911 calls.
The ID on the playground
I Don't Belong Here.
My mom mightve predicted the area 51 raid...?
the forgetting machine: part 20
The Stick-men of Pleasure Hill, Louisiana [Part 1]
the forgetting machine: part 20
Heed My Warning
Shannon Arcade [Part One]
I just finished my job interview
I'm... molting? and I don't really like what's underneath...
The closet should never be opened
I thought my hair was falling out
Last night the forests returned, and I don't know where my husband is.
Alone with my dad
last night the forests returned, and I don't know where my husband is.
I woke up this morning and the world was enormous.
The Costume Under Her Skin
Red Onset (Part Two)
The Girl of my Dreams
I Need Advice About Ghosts
The Girl of my Dreams
AVICHI I
The Church of Bones - Part 1
The new neighbor down the hall
Five mutilated bodies were discovered at a home by authorities and no one knows who murdered them. Until now.
The Church of Bones - Part 1
Strange occurrences
I finally met my father and here's what my mom had to say about him.
I Used To Be a Social Worker. I Am Going to Tell You Why I Stopped.
True or Not?
I Used To Be a Social Worker. I Am Going to Tell You Why I Quit.
Has anyone heard the beep?
I'm stuck on an endless train track [Finale]
She Won’t Pickup Her Phone
Her Name Was Astrid
The ocean should remain unexplored [Part 2]
I'm stuck on an endless train track! [Part Three]
Dead Driver [Part 1]
The Girl Who Haunts The Apartment
My daughter and I found a garden
Dead Driver [Series]
The animals are acting strange...The lesser-known tourist attraction
I Got Hired By An Old T.V. Horror Host
I regret moving to Alaska (Final)
Stories from the strangest hotel I have ever worked at. (Part one)
The Concierge (Part 1)
I was a homeless man, now I’m back to my 12-years-old self (Part 3)
The Human Detachment Project
How I was re-victimized by law enforcement as a victim of sex crime
The Cabin near the Cave
The Order is coming
Do not use the elevators
The animals are acting strange...
I used to Trick People into Thinking their Homes were Haunted
The girl haunting the apartment
Insomniac
The Snowman Killer
I think my new neighbors are running a trap house across the street, and that’s not even the worst part.
I predicted someones death in Rocket League
This is true
This is true
EYES
Lost Scene 6 of Othello
Opening Night
The Cosmic Gargantuan
I Work At The Void Bar
The Woods
The Girl In The White Dress
They're laughing at me
i am so tired right now, I am getting no sleep
There Are No Aliens At Area 51. Don't Go. It's A Trap.
I'm Afraid
I had to kill a person and yield her soul to save my sister [Part 1]
Scared
I come from another world
My son is possessed by a Demon and I have never been happier - Part 2/2.
Don’t Sleep, Won’t Sleep - They’ll Come for You Too
We got our artistic son a pottery set, he seems to have gotten a bit more.....creative with the clay
Don’t Sleep, Won’t Sleep - They’ll Come for You Too
Don’t Sleep, Won’t Sleep - They’ll Come for You Too
There’s a box in the middle of my street.
I'm stuck on an endless train track! [FINALE]
My name is Drew Jackson
I just relapsed.
How I became a walking dead
I Was Hired to Find a Girl Named Holly [Part Three]
The Hedge
Stories from the Asian culture ( 1 )
Our Pilot Is Crying
I am a teacher and my new school is starting to scare me
My Little Gremlin
I'm Scared
Our Pilot Is Crying
Win some, lose some
Halloween House of Horrors
The voice
I see people's emotional wounds. I wish more than anything that I couldn't.
A Place Called Apple [Part 1]
I'm Scared
I'm Scared
I can "reset" my day whenever something goes wrong. Recently, I have been stuck in a reset loop and I need help to fix it /The Reset Loop
Love at First Light
A Place called Apple [Part 1]
Keep “Him” Happy
How I learned of the Rift at the heart of Area 51
Did someone just teleported to me just to save me?
I'm not a reporter anymore. My last story made me quit.
I literally don’t get tired
10 tips for sleeping in hot weather
He pulls a lever.
My nightmare last night
this is my first story and the first part of 2 part story. (this is my first be gentle )
The one house on the corner (warning fake story)
What the hell pricked me? Finale
I woke up during surgery, they weren't trying to save me.
False History.
They always follow me. But why?
My Family's Dark History
Uncanny Valley (Part 2)
House of Horrors
Water? Never again.
The House By Lake Erie
There's something strange in my neighbors garden...
The House By Lake Erie
I regret not helping.
I died and reset again. This time someone took my warning seriously.
Everyone tells me the most vivid memory from my childhood isn’t real.
Best to Ask Grandma
Conversation with a Demon/Shaytan
I'm Hiding from my Mother
I took a job cleaning my local cemetery at night. I really wish I hadn't. Final.
This is 100% true, and I still can’t believe it really happened. NSFL
I Met My Favorite Horror Host
My Mother raises Mutants.
Curfew
Recycled Pumpkin Guide
The Case Of Zoey Hills
Behind you
Tom Holland
The seventh entry
I had a dream about the aftermath of the Area 51 raid.Ice Cream at Midnight
I am very scared
There Are No Aliens In Area 51, But There Is Something Much Worse
I am the only one who saw THE THING
I Found a Copy of ET the Extra-Terrestrial for Atari
I dreamed about something that i believe was also in my room
The woods are alive Pt. 2
My sister died. But I don't think it was her we buried.
I Questioned God. He Answered.
WIN OR DIE
Something disturbing happened while I was camping.
I saw something disturbing while I was camping.
The Peculiar Outbreak on East Timber Parkway [Final]
A Taste of my Depression
Furries
The hole in the wall
The Stick-men of Pleasure Hill, Louisiana [Part 1]
Voices Over the Radio [UPDATE 2]
Our Strange Neighbor
Calliope
The Void Beyond the Stars
The Revival
There’s a Box in the Street.
When I look in the mirror, I don't see myself anymore.
Uncanny Valley (Part 2)
Demon Grip
I love you
The hole in the wall
The most disturbing discovery I ever had to witness
Sleepytown
I'm an actor. The death in my play is real.
The Shadow Man
I have (had?) a stalker
my cousin is weird
I’m a missing child. But the police aren’t the only ones looking for me.
Here at Ed's Premium Autos The Only Thing Scarier Than Our Interest Rates Is The Demons.
I finally met my father today. It didn't go down as expected.
the reason why you should eat with your mouth closed and chew slowly. It isn't because of good manners
somebody inside my bedroom
A “thing” took my girlfriend and is after me, please help
I Haven't Been Able to Sleep for Months
X-treme flavor in every can!
The Bedtime Game
June Contest Nominations
A Message Left
The ocean should remain unexplored [Part 1]
I Haven't Been Able to Sleep for Months
I was abducted four years ago but I escaped and I need help.
Leviathans pt.2
Man outside my mother's window?!?
The Mirror Woman
I’m The Only One In My Family Who Isn’t A Cannibal
Man outside my mom's window!
The Hole
My cat keeps bringing fingers home.
It won't stop crying
Why I Will Never Invite Strangers In The House
Account of events leading to the puzzling death of Dillian Marsh, 31
Yeeeeeeeees?
I was a homeless man, now I’m back to my 12-years-old self (Part 2)
My experience with insomnia
How the Rift opened in Montana - I'm an attack helicopter pilot [Part 3]
The Circle of Lebanon
I'm a doctor now
I Was Hired to Find a Girl Named Holly [Part Two]
The Devil Knows My Name (Part 2)
A Face Has Been Frozen Onto My TV For 72 Hours
The Static
There's some weird noises outside the tent.
He wanted her heart
Billy Ray Cirus Is The Head Of A Government Ring Of Cannibals
Dad Will Be Back Soon
Tag
My Cat Wants To Kill Me
I’ve been trapped in my grandpa’s nursing home for 3 hours. The noises outside are getting worse.
My Cat Want To Kill Me
The bearded man next door asked me something strange [PART 1]
The expedition of the shot
My Neighbor Is A Cannibal
A Time Travelers Warning: The Area 51 Raid
Shoebox Telephone Gone Wrong
A sound I will never forget...
Cerber: A Mundane Chronicle [PART 6]
Tell me your battle royale war stories gamers.
The Chimera Project
My doorbell rang at 3AM. Twice.
i'm stuck in my room and i cant get out
I just want to keep falling.
Remember
The subworld is leaking through our reality, it's like they aren't even trying anymore
My Mother Went Missing While On Vacation (Final)
The Blood Works Chamber
The Fawn
Remember Me
In my closet. A tale by me.
The Fawn
Phaedra by Tangerine Dream (1974) - On Music (series)
My Daydreams Are Becoming Real [Part One]
Sister of Mine
Something strange happened to the town last nightSomething strange happened to everyone in town last night.
I'm an EMT, and I believe something is happening.
Me and that thing slipped in a yOuR dimension annnndd it might destroy the world
My Horrifying Experience as a Real Estate Investor
Uncanny Valley (Part 1)
Her
I can't get back home.
I don't have a title for this. I just don't.
After seeing my father, I don't want to meet him anymore
Have you ever seen an yandere?
I Keep Pulling Off VR Headsets
I Will Return (part 1)
The Soaking Man
Two sentence horror story
I am Angelica Bravero, and I am afraid.
There’s a Giant Person in the Sky. Part 3
Laughing Ghosts (short story)
IF YOU CAN SEE THIS, PLEASE READ, IT'S URGENT.
A very common New England problem
IF YOU CAN SEE THIS, PLEASE READ, IT'S URGENT
IF YOU CAN SEE THIS, PLEASE READ THIS, IT'S URGENT
-The nurse in the hallway-
What is the spear of the non- believer
Always check the batteries in your Smoke Detector.
I'm in love
I Don't Know What This Man is, but He's Back.
IF YOU CAN READ THIS, PLEASE ■■■■■■■■
Why I think my mother is actually not my mother.
My cult is punishing me for being pregnant
My cult is punishing for being pregnant
Why I'll Never Invite Another Door-to-Door Salesman In
P O L Y B I U S
It's Coming
My cult is punishing me for being pregnant
P O L Y B I U S
Why I'll Never Invite Another Door-to-Door Salesman In
My cult is punishing me for being pregnant
I’m in a cult and I am being punished for being pregnant
My director's friend found this in his basement
There is something locked in my closet.
There Are No Aliens In Area 51, But There Is Something Much Worse
There Are No Aliens In Area 51, But There Is Something Much More Worse
A stranger gave me a story during sleep paralysis.
The Peculiar Outbreak on East Timber Parkway [Part 2]
I Work At A Cemetery As A Graveyard Keeper. I Think The Dead May Be Rising From Their Graves.
Friday
Billy took my mom's stuff...https://youtu.be/aU5822d12-0
There's a lady staring in my window
Billy took my mom's stuff https://youtu.be/aU5822d12-0
I’m getting messages carved into my feet. I’m confused
My Father's Knight
I'm a proxy for nosleep stories
Following
Billy took my mom's stuff...https://youtu.be/aU5822d12-0
It sat on my shelf, with thoughtless porcelain eyes and the prettiest pink doll dress I could find. Why did she have to be born still?
Vampires suck...
Something happened last Saturday and now it’s finally safe to talk about.
Vampires suck.
My stalker and the egg theory.
He wanted her heart
It Was Just A Rat
The London Scientific Research Centre
P O L Y B I U S
TOP 10 Best Diet Pills for Weight Loss – Reviews
A creepy experience I had in my house then told my parents about it then got told something creepy
My garlic queen
Replica
The ants go marching one by one
Don't Talk To The Dead. The Wolves Will Hear You.
The Suit Man
Why I Don't Run at Night Anymore
I Keep Pulling Off VR Headsets
There's a darkness covering Claremount Boulevard, and the neighbors are acting weird...
There's A New Drug In Town. Part 5.
I just play video games but my neighbor found the “cure” to cancer.
Turtlenecks
I just play video games but my neighbor found the ”cure” to cancer.
Replica
The Elevator Malfunctioned
Nightmare Part 2
I’m a real estate agent and something strange happened at a showing today
Death Sent Moths to my aunt's house
Bliss - WIP (Please Disregard “NONAME”, or even suggest a name for the “brother”)
The catwoman
Death sent moths to my aunt
I'm Lily Madwhip and This is My Odyssey
He Didn’t Leave Alone
May Contest Winners!
It All Started With The Birds
I'm stuck on an endless train track [Part Three]
What we can't hear.
Why I put white supremacy behind me
What we can't hear.
Am I the monster?
My Husband Cheated On Me.
I'm begging you to please, please, please, please, please help a woman find her little girl!!!
the traveller and the troll
My sister has been leaving me concerning voicemails.
Under the bed!
The master bedroom of my Grandma's house creeps me outI found this video in our patient archive. I don't know what to think...
My Son is Here, But He Doesn’t Quack Anymore
I'm two different people.
Guided meditation sleep and relaxation for 10 minutes
Telephone Call
Strange Telephone Call
Someone used my toilet when no one was home
Creepy Sylveon
I work at my local Subway, I think there's a skinwalker in the basement.
The Devil Knows My Name (Part 1)
I'm a Corrections Officer, but I guard things that should not exist [Update 2] Finale
I Was Hired to Find a Girl Named Holly [Part One]
Host
I'm a Corrections Officer, but I guard things that should not exist [Final Update]
Something Else Entirely
What my friend and I found on his deceased grandfathers property
my own creepypasta
I'm a Corrections Officer, but I guard things that should not exist [Final Update]
The Tom Hanks Chimera
The Man in the Closet
I am freaking out here!
The Bikini Bottom Blackout PART 1
I'm becoming trapped in my lucid dreams. [Part One]
Something is at my window
I've lived in some haunted houses
Birthday Disappointment.
dark, darker yet darker
Sometimes I can't find daddy.
Behind you.
The Watchman
Sometimes I can't find daddy.
I decided to avenge my son's death myself
My Major Fear
Sometimes i can't find daddy.
I know when I will die, but I don't know what to do about it
My Horoscope Has Been Making Me Uneasy.
In China: The Old Village
I work at my local Subway. I think there's something in the basement. Part 2
The Forest of Hell's Gate
They hunger.
A secret war rages. Last night I witnessed it.
I protect pictures we should see
My Son is Here, But He Doesn’t Quack Anymore
My Son is Here, But He Doesn’t Quack Anymore
Shack
The woods are alive.
I found a voice recorder and this is what's on it
Night Terrors
My Son is Here, But He Doesn’t Quack Anymore
The crying
The Elevator Malfunctioned
The Redlight Bar
Thank You For Calling
I bought my daughter an iDog....and now I think it's hunting me.
Man in the attic
Host by Dean Meehan
Arachnophobia
My Childhood Experiences In A Small Rural Town. Update 3.
I made breakfast for my wife one morning and found that she wasn't alone [Part 4]
I made breakfast for my wife one morning and found that she wasn't alone [Part 4]
Its prank from Hell.
Its prank from Hell.
The man that hides behind shadows
I think we are now alone in this world (part 1)
My Son is Here, But He Doesn’t Quack Anymore
The real paranormal ghost story that happened to me
Our House Is Keeping Us Alive (part 3)
I'm not sure what I saw, but I don't want to go back.
Our House Is Keeping Us Alive (final part)
I saw a "cursed" apparition in my fkn mirror...
I know when I’m going to die. 10 more minutes.
The warm night
AITA for trying to teach my wife a lesson?
My Son is Here, But He Doesn’t Quack Anymore
I saw a fkn UNDEAD GHOUL in the miror doe...
The Illuminati Created Constellations (NASA Scientist)
I found a cursed journal in my new house and I'm not supposed to read it alone (Part 3)
I dead ass just witnessed a undead spirit in the mirror
My Son is Still Here, But He Doesn’t Quack Anymore.
Harvest
The Peculiar Outbreak on East Timber Parkway [Part 1]
Harvest
The Peculiar Outbreak on East Timber Parkway [Part 1 of 3]
The Ocean in the Sky
My worst nightmare realized while doing Automatic Writing.
My Childhood Experiences In A Small Rural Town. Update 3.
My Childhood Experiences In A Small Rural Town.
The Haunted Farmhouse at the Hockomock Swamp
The Ocean in the Sky
Creepy thing in my room, still thinking about it, do you know what could it be?
My Son is Here, But He Doesn’t Quack Anymore
The voice in my head has been acting up lately.
Something happened in the sky but no one remembers
My cousin, Austin
I'm stuck on a train to alternate realities - Diary entry 1
I was a volunteer rescue diver. (2)
French lavender ones
My ex-girlfriend thought I was her good luck charm
My Childhood Experiences In A Small Rural Town.
Beautiful Blue Eye"Tic, toc. Tic, toc."
"Tic, toc. Tic, too."
Reddit deletes everything
The woods family
The Attic
What is her name?
There is a predator deep in the woods that doesn't eat flesh and blood...and I barely escaped it
I Think There’s Something Living in the Woods Behind my Apartment...
Strange events
A Full Prison Disappeared. The Police Are Hiding Something
A Full Prison Disappeared.The Police Are Hiding Something.
The Police Are Hiding Something.
The curse of a mother's bond
What we can't hear.
I received a word from The Lord.
My Protectors [pt 1]
I asked my girlfriend to lose weight [NSFW]
I know you're there
No sleep...
Deepfake A.I Inserted Chip- I had just woken up and gotten those chills you get that run down your back when it came to me, unsure as to why this type of scenario came to mind.
help...
I'm at my uncle's house in the woods and tonight I let the housekeeper and her son sleep over. They were waiting for me
My best friend caught that bullshit zombie virus. I think I helped her spread it across the state.
What you can't hear.
I Found Some Unseen Footage From The TV Show 'COPS!'
My phone keeps dimming in the dark
I'm a Corrections Officer, but I guard things that should not exist [Final Update]
I never thought this could happen...
I was released from prison. Now I'm taking revenge. (Part 1)
There are things the public doesn't know about Mars. Part 1
What You Can't Hear.
I need help to figure something out.
What you can't hear.
My friend recently committed suicide and I found these chat logs with a bot on his computer
Will there be maggots in the pot of gold?
Kiraz Family and Friends - LIVE - Hindi Stories For Kids | Moral Stories...
Something knows what I’ve done wrong, and it’s gonna make me pay...
I made breakfast for my wife one morning and found that she wasn't alone [Part 3]
Clown and Clunker
Something Tried to Get Into my Bedroom
I'm a Corrections Officer, but I guard things that shouldn't exist. [UPDATE]
The campfire murders
I can't escape this game
Night at a hotel.
My doppelgänger is holding me hostage
I send you to hell
I decide your fate
I Work as a Diamond Prospector in Northern Canada. That's not all That I find. Part 2
Have You Made Your Contribution?
My taxi driver has been driving for the last 12 hours
She's outside my door and I don't know what to do
How To Survive A Walk In The Woods
I don't want vegetables
The Graveyard Lake
I'm a Corrections Officer, but I guard things that shouldn't exist [UPDATE]
The Body of Thesus
The Crescent Moon Mystery
Something likes calling my name and it's been for years.
THE DAY MY FRIEND LEFT MY LIFE FELL APART
Something Tried to Get Into my Bedroom
My Holy Grail [Part One]
Something Tried to Get Into my Bedroom
I created a pill that makes you immortal. The side effects are terrifying.
There's a man in the window
There's a man in the window
Suspicious cars watching me. Help?
This email was sent to me.. so I posted it here
Red Onset
I'm A Monster That Can't Stop Killing
I Had a Family
The end of a generation part 1
Boo
Special fx make up artist, looking for work
Becoming your self
The disappearance and reappearance of Ernest Gerrault
Dolls revenge
Don't take a Greyhound...
The Retriever
My Encounter With a Sasquatch in Pierce National Wildlife Refuge, Washington
The Retriever - (Trigger Warning!)
my girlfriend's uncle died and his last wish was for me to pass this letter to her
The Retriever
No one has died for the past 5 years [Part One]
I found someone else's journal in my stuff while I was moving.
my girlfriend's uncle died and his last wish was for me to pass this letter to her
I'm in love
I should have quit my job at the movie theater (part 2)
My childhood friend
North Dakota is my state, I love this place but something harrows me to this day...
I saw someone, or something, in the woods
I’m trying to find a story about a monster under the bed company(?) that the owner is confused why none of his monsters can never stay with this one girl...
I escaped from a fantasy novel and what you all do here is sick.
Selling Myself to a Cannibal
The factoid of the legless Gimp
Did You Stop and Count the Children?
I’m gonna do it, here’s why
An Interesting Message.
Something Came Home With Me
Urbex Story - That Evil House
Prime Day SpecialPrime Day Special
One Hell of a drug
I Don't Believe in Ghosts... At least not during daylight...
My neighbor is a pedophile. He is the most disturbing one at that too. [Part 1]
[NSFW] My neighbor is a pedophile. He is the most disturbing one at that too. [Part 1]
I found my true self in the woods
Its getting bad again
I work at the strangest rural hotel, here are some stories. (Part 1)
My Father's Killer
The Ghosts of Bayou Manchac
The Dog In The Darkness
A spooky book changed my life: *Part 2* The Mexican and the Bear
a demon has been sleeping next me for the past 3 years
LASIK surgery fixed more than just my eyesight
Chester in the Corner
I'm stuck on an endless train track! [Part Two]
Chester in the corner
I was a volunteer rescue diver.
The Dark Mother and the Prince
I'm working at a Christian summer camp. Some VERY weird things are going on (Part 3)
My Experience with a Skinwalker In the Pecos Wilderness, New Mexico
Sometimes They Say Things Pt. 3
Skinwalker In the Pecos Wilderness, New Mexico (My experience in June of 2016)
My name is Mikhail Vasilevsky. I want you to know my story.
this reäl happend
The Wanderers Diary
Meet the Television Man
I lived through weeks of my life that didn't actually happen. This isn't a story of fiction either, this really happens to me.
The Eucalyptus Trees
I Think Something is Living in the Woods Behind My Apartment
Peckers
I'm not hungry anymore
File Error: S4T-4N
I'm not hungry anymore.
Goatman in the mountain?
She Had Always Been There
Why I stopped breaking and entering.
Why I stopped Breaking and Entering
Something got attached at the morgue. PART 2
My Ouija Board Horror Story
My Prison In The Mountains
The boy in the woods
Beneath [PART 1]
11:11, Make a Wish...
The video
The Dreamer
The darkness part:3 warehouse door
My Name Is Scott Blue and Billy Ray Cirus is a Cannibal.
I was scared of the unknown...now I am the unkown...
Am im the only one who saw the THING?
“I have little time left"
An Army of Dog Zombies is Devouring my Town
Not a normal Saturday
Moonless Night
I'm a Corrections Officer, but I guard things that shouldn't exist.
Something Nearly Killed Me in the Judean Mountains
This is not an attempt at a scare. This is a true story from yesterday
Midnight Conversations with a Friendly Monster
I made breakfast for my wife one morning and found that she wasn't alone [Part 2]
Still
I think the Dead Sea was created for a reason (Part 1)
My Childhood Fairytale Monsters Have Come To Life. They Want Me to Join Them
I am a security guard at an abandoned apartment.
Hello, my name is ghost_wrider and I have an anger problem.
I manage HOAs, and I will never enter another stranger’s house
UNITED STATES URGENT EMERGENCY BROADCAST
Sleep Paralysis-Dream Attack
To The Bottom of the River
I'm afraid to go to sleep tonight.
MY LIFE WITH THE DEVIL
OUT OF REALITY 《pt.1》
It's 2 am, I'm trapped in my school and there is someone looking for me.
Dodpd
I live in Brooklyn and I've been picking up a weird radio broadcast through my broken headphones.
Since the first time I died, I've fallen in love with the angel of death (Part 11)
I live in Brooklyn and I've been picking up a weird radio broadcast through my broken headphones.
The Feeling Of It
I Found The Journals Of A Man Claiming To Be An Old West Time Traveler (Part 2)
The little man in my House, PART 1
I'm trapped in my school at 1 am
A Man Followed Me To My House...(Horror Story)
The Night Drive
Carnon, the Corrector [Part 1]
Why I never sleep
I can't get my demon to leave me
From Whence They Came
Ashes
Question
The Weirs Beach Wendigo
Crave
They Come For You in the Night
I Visited My Childhood Summer Home Years After a Tragedy
The Phantom of the Bowling Alley
I can’t help but believe in ghosts/demons now...
It wasn't just a vaccine.
The Weirs Beach Wendigo
Gutter Monkey
Home in The Mountains (pt 1)
I bought the secrets of the universe for $7.87
Terry's WakeMissing title
My hellucinations want to take over.
My families UFO encounter...
I'm a Correction Officer, but I guard things that should not exist.
Possible wendigo encounter?
Allways read the terms and services
I used to be a homeless man, then I woke up as my 12-years-old self
I keep seeing myself die on the news
My neighbor was mowing his lawn for 13 straight hours [Part 2]
I'm On Fire (Part Two)
Hiking Alone (Part 2)
I can tell I'm not in my own world anymore
Rainy Day with My Daughter
The Slide to another Universe.
Operation Bushido - BREACH - Part 10
My Coworkers Will Not Stop Talking About Area 51
Every night I fight the demon.
The girl next door
Idk
Wire uot of my head
The Depression Project [Final]
Selling Myself to a Cannibal
The Ice Cream Man Stole My Daughter
The Phantom at St Dymphna's Psychiatric Hospital.
Why I'll Never Buy a Car off Craigslist
Miami isn't safe anymore [Part 1]
Uncle Bob
“In the bush” creepypasta
My Childhood Fairytale Monsters have Come to Life.
I saw a shadow in front of my door, just looking at me.
I found a website I definitely wasn’t supposed to see.
My cousin, Austin
I saw a shadow in front of my door, just looking at me.
The Ice Cream Man Stole My Daughter
Sleep paralysis
Thoughts/Venting/Unpopular Opinions/
My Coworkers Will Not Stop Talking About Area 51
A Man Followed Me To My House...(Horror Story)
A silhouette in the dark part 1
My Teeth Have Been Hurting
The Prisrak Case
Humanoid Creature?
Allied Universal Is Government Funded Gang Stalkers
I Met a Necromancer on Tinder
Stop signing up for 23andMe
Maybe
An Emergency Broadcast Appeared On My TV's
The Hiroshima Shadows Roam At Night
FIRST TRANSMISSION
A Black Door in Ostra 2+3
An Emergency Broadcast Appeared On My TV's
I began to bully a kid, but something awful happened.
I’m a lawyer and my client is the sole witness to a brutal crime. They also happen to be a pathological liar. Final Part.
I'm stuck on an endless train track! [Part One]
Dry bench
Allergic reactions
1921 pt 1
Ghost that warned me about Itself.
The Sky
My Shadow Has Wingf (part 2)
The Call That Ended My Career. Part III.
I Explored An Old Classroom
The Tully Way Hotel [Part Three]
The darkness part:2 train yard
I️ think I️ opened a portal to hell...
The internet generation is so broke, they get their golds and silvers from Reddit!
Is she dead?
(UPDATE) The lights were out in my work stairwell today.
(UPDATE) The lights were out in my work stairwell today.
I Think They Eat Kids
My sister disappeared five months ago. One week ago, she came back. FINALE, part 2
Seven Signs of a Psychopath (Final)
11:11, Make a Wish...
Phantom Eye Syndrome
I Think I Accidentally Joined a Cult... [Final]
A sinkhole opened up in my back garden. I think something may be living in it. (Final Part)
I’ve been lost in the woods for three weeks. It’s still chasing me. (1)
Mr. Lore: Diffrent time, diffrent adventure
The Clown outside my window.
My new dog is such a good boy
The Goatman in the mountains?
Cổng xếp Hàng rào inox tự động lắp tại Bình định- quy nhơn
My Grandfather was always good at telling stories. So we got him a notebook.
I finally met my family
The darkness part:2. Train yard.
My cousin tried to kill me because she was possessed
The Ghost In My Kitchen
After what had happened, I am never going to house-sit again.
Asylum WIP
Don't Come Home (Part 1)
Jonathan's Nightmare V.1: The Arachnid
Don't Come Home (True Story - Picture Included) (Part 1)
Mail from hell
Im going to die tonight.
The Dark Web Box
Why the hell is someone posting these freaky images on AskReddit??
the junk yard
There is something terrible under the north shore
Over the Copper Hill
Demon (Part 4)My phone takes pictures of the afterlife. They want to tell me something. (Part 2)
Something's Wrong With My Cat (Part 1)
What did I see in the houses rot?
The Book of Autonomancy: How to Undo the Curse You Laid Upon Yourself (Part 23)
Hôi Nữ Sinh Bá Đạo Tập 2 Phim Học Đường Phim Cấp 3
There's a Reason Nobody Knows What Goes on in the Midwest (Part 2)
I think I'm stuck in a time glitch and my life is falling apart. Please help me. [PART 1]
The Man in the Pines
My phone takes pictures of the afterlife. They want to tell me something. (Part 2)
Is Google always listening?
I see myself in the mirror, but something is very wrong
Whatever Is At My Door, I Swear To God It Isn’t My Aunt
A strange call from a lost girl.
My sleep paralysis experience
A Perfect New Life
WAKE UP
The woman sitting across from me
I don’t like people, probably a series, I don’t care.
I think my neighbor is watching me from the woods...
This is something that I think about quite a lot, so I wanted to share. It's about how our dimension cannot perceive higher dimensions or worse; there is a limit to all expression and no higher dimension.
The Day the World Came to an End. Part 1
The Summertime Murders
Dark Woods
There's a haunted house at a fairground which adapts to your memories
Say Cheese!
A Friend Sent Me a Dybbuk Box, So I Opened It (Part 4 - Final)
Three children speaking an unknown language have just wandered into our town
I think my neighbor is watching me from the woods...
My career changed forever a year ago today. [Part 1]
Has anybody remembered something that hasn't happened already?
What's Wrong with My Boyfriend [Pt3]
The Bathroom
Prome's Reports: The Curse of Oizys
The Bathroom
I only eat fish
The Shadow Man
The Shadow Man
I’m taking a week away from my husband, but my hotel neighbour is really starting to freak me out
The Aphantasia Phantom (Part 2)
Join Boothworld Industries in our West Coast Expansion
Something strange is going on at my new apartment (Part 1)
We were never meant to gaze upon ourselves
The Wasps of Elaria
I don't eat fish
The Bathroom
3meter tall demon
The Spider's Cave
The Lonely House
If you never had your organs eaten, you should thank me
First attempt at anything even remotely creepy. Opinions?
Hiking Alone
I'm On Fire
There's a werewolf in my town. I didn't believe in it until recently.
For the Greater Glory of God (Part 1)
If a Faceapp rep asks you for $1000, pay them
this is a story about an old house in my old neighborhood
"In the Middle of Nowhere"
Project Olympian
I thought it was just a glitch in my boyfriend’s smartwatch.
Anyone Interested?
One Click Away...
I do not want to go
I don't explore abandoned properties anymore
Anyone interested?
The Fear Monger
I used FaceApp, which shows what you'll look like when you're old. I saw something horrifying.
The Orb Weavers
I pre-write emergency alerts. I think we’re about to be in real trouble
My experience in the backrooms
The brightest blue eyes.
I can't wake up [part 2]
A child without eyes waved to me from another car as I was driving. I followed it.
The Hat Man
Humanity's secret war
Humanity's Secret War
My Shadow Has Wings (part two)
I've been kidnapped please help me
I️ think I️ unleashed hell on earth.
My son is possessed by a Demon and I have never been happier - Part 1.
It's No Longer Just Code - Part 1
My Shadow Has Wings (part 2)
The Smell Never Fades
The Aphantasia Phantom (Part 2)
UFO'S and Hell are just fairytales
My Encounter Over London
I'm an experimental physicist and there's something wrong with my equipment.
Milton Interview #1
Metamorphosis
I see you
The Depression Project [Part 2]
He was feeding the cats (part 2)
Encounter over London
My first time
The darkness part:1
The lights were out in my work stairwell today.
I’m a lawyer and my client is the sole witness to a brutal crime. They also happen to be a pathological liar. Part 4.
What's Wrong with My Botfriend [Pt3]
What's Wrong with My Boyfriend [Pt3]
I Went Missing Four Years Ago. Today I Woke Up In A Town That Doesn’t Exist. (Part Two)
"That's a very strong accusation."The Hallway In My Closet
The best Urban Legend you have heard?
My Childhood Experiences In A Small Rural Town.
We discovered immortality...
I can't wake up [Part 2]
Honey
My sister disappeared five months ago. One week ago, she came back. FINALE, part 1
The People In My Town Are Being Replaced With Something Else
I was ratted out by my guardian angel.
My sister disappeared five months ago. One week ago, she came back. [Finale, part 1]
We stormed Area 51. 26 years ago.
The house settles
Letters from Death Row inmate 10631 (part one)
Letters from Death Row inmate 10631 (part one)
A sinkhole opened up in my back garden. I think something may be living in it. (Part Two)
I was walking through a park when a spaceship crashed in front of me
Ok this is a stupid question I’m new.
I found out that there was a demon worshipping cult in my village
A Dogsitter’s Nightmare
How My Dead Father Saved Me
I'm losing it
Radiation Sickness
I thought my ex-boyfriend was a good luck charm.
We're doomed, but not for the reason you might think
We're doomed, but not for the reason you think.
A Perfect New Life
I do not remember my childhood. I think there's a reason, why I just don't know yet.... Or do I...
The Goatman in the mountains?
The whisper
Anyone interested?
Wrong head
Area 51.
The Woods
Leg lengthening surgery interview
What was it
The Window Part 1
Dr.Milton Archives [AxleBrook Massacre]
I made breakfast for my wife one morning and found that she wasn't alone [Part 1]
It has red eyes
I made breakfast for my wife one morning and found that she wasn't alone
Sent as SMS
The “bad” driver
Dont think, Dont sleep, Dont stop (Part 2)
I'm not crazy!
Kill
I live in a small mountain town. (Part 2)
The Camp
The tunnels you don't know about under every airport.
Sleep Demon
the broom closet
I can't wake up [Part 2]
Your Penis Isn't What You Think it is
My sister met a killer
Flipside
Your Penis Isn't What You Think it Is
do
Your Penis is Not What You Think it is
Case file 3546: Woman
I Found The Journals Of A Man Claiming To Be An Old West Time Traveler (Part 1)
Your Penis is Not What You Think it Is
I admit, joining a desert rave with connections to a cult is a pretty bad idea.
Escaping The Apex
Luke
A NEW HAPPY me
The Grin
Woman
I can't wake up [Part 2]
My Shadow Has Wings (part 1)
I can't pee
My Paintings Are Alive
Crossover Episode
I fantasize about stalkers.
Travelers guide to the Multiverse
I found a box of cassette tapes in the attic of my house. The contents on the tapes are unsettling.
I'm a manager of a Chuck E Cheese resteraunt (FINALE)
The game knows the worst aspects of my life, and uses them against me
Always keep bug spray on you.
Night Call
I'm a manager at a Chuck E Cheese Restaurant (PART 9)
I'm Lost and I Don't Think I'll Be Found
My last time playing an online video game [PART 2] FINALE
People need to know.
The house settles.
The Encounter
My last time playing online video games (PART 2)
My daughter doesnt sleep with her nightlight anymore
My experience in the backrooms
This morning....
The little man in my house. Part 1
My grandfather showed up at our Fourth of July barbecue. He died in Vietnam.
My last time playing online video games (PART 2)
Travelers guide to the Multiverse
Hannah
My Quantum Immortality experience
I think the butterflies are creating monsters
The Piano Prodigy
Counting curses
The Call That Ended My Career. Part II.
Eerie Noises from My Belly - how I survived 8 years of nightmares
I watched The Lion King Live Action today. My local cinema had a tape with extra scenes that weren’t supposed to be seenHauntings
I've found out a day of the week doesn't exist
I Think I Accidentally Joined a Cult... [Part Four]
Wrong head
Rogue Server Room
The Taking Tree
The Aphantasia Phantom (Part 1)
I kissed a frog. It didn’t go as expected
The Aphantasia Phantom (Part I)
Obsession
Every Dream Tells A Story
I should never have started playing tennis again
Card #235 - echo on servers
I Took a trip to New York… Now I need to go back
Edie sings in my head
"I warned you."
Grace knows my secret
Accidental Warp Space Jump... Kinda...
Urgent Message from Earth-720
Every Dream Tells A Story
‘Phantom limb’
Looking for a story I cant remember the name of
What really happened at the lake
“A year ago my sister disappeared, I know why she disappeared”
The colt
The Terrible Cruise
A Bet
The forest
Hikers, travelers, etc what's your scary forest story?
Thought I would share this here.
Letters from Death Row inmate 10631 (Part One)
My Office at Night
I made a bargain in my teens that’s haunted me ever since
Every time I wake up in the morning, things in my house are different.
The McManell-Rodson Experiment
Fearmonger Is Among Us
I Am God
My life story (part one)
I think I almost got kidnapped
I am night shift Medic, and I have a story to tell.
Repercussions of Playing God
Thing in the Water [Pt1]
If a Tree Falls in the Forest...
If a Tree Falls in a Forest...
I hate walking alone
Don't eat food left for the dead, my mother always said
I Work at a Manufacturing Company: Plating
The Depression Project [Part 1]
I’m a lawyer and my client is the sole witness to a brutal crime. They also happen to be a pathological liar. Part 3.
The Buzzing
Tragedy at Disney's Toontown - Part 2
Tragedy at Disney's Toontown Part 2
I Work At The Darabont County Archives - Part Six D
So... //UPDATE//
A long and sleepless night.
The toes, hand 'em over.
My Grandmother's Experience with a Man from an Alternate Universe
Why are they making me do this?
"Insert Title Here"
Paper People
I see things
The Amazing Nicolas Hemlock
It wasn’t my time to die.
I don't see my reflection in the mirror
This is How the Gorillas Went Apeshit
Sorry for the long, unedited real-life account of a haunting. Hope you like it!
do not play the elevator game (part 3)
Where Is Ishii?
My Mother Went Missing While On Vacation (Final Part)
I’m at peace. I’m lying in bed, dreaming about meeting my girlfriend again and I’m in hopes of a good dream.. but something.. something is up..
I'm a serial killer and I need your help
There are labs you dont know about.
Last night, something found me (Part 2)
I can't wake up
My Mums Mum
Luke
I Need Advice
Im a time traveler and ive got some stories to tell (part 2)
Carcass
My Mums Mum &lt;3
The Basement
texts &amp; thoughts
The Basement
My friend is a murderer please help!!!!!
Does Anyone Else Have This Issue?
My moms ghost
"Pizza"
A Friend Sent Me a Dybbuk Box, So I Opened It (Part 3)
a text
Our House Is Keeping Us Alive (part 2)
Does anyone else Have this issue?
Everyone is gone except for the crows
WIN OR DIE
Cold
A space ship of unknown origin stoped of the sky last night, I'm the clean up crew.
My shadow walks around the room at night and I can’t move
I keep experiencing creepy stuff in and by my house
The Basement Door
There's A New Drug In Town. Part 4
The Basement DoorI broke the cycle (part 1)
Help please
Just the beginning.
Im a time traveler and I have some stories to tell.
Who was talking to my son?
Don't Look At The Moon
Don't Look At The Moon
The Penumbra That Consumes
Random face shows on TV recording, disapears entirely on replay
Something is wrong with my family's lakeside cabin.
Don't Look At The Moon
There's something odd about my voice
The fate of the Labyrinth [Cedarville General Hospital Finale]
my sperm is salty
the real me?
Strange police activity at 16th street mall in Denver.
Long Walks Home
"Hey girls!"
It came from the depths.
My last time playing online video games
Don't Look At The Moon
I cant speak. None of us can
2 horror stories
The Ice Cream Celebration Contest
The doll in the school restroom
This happened a while ago and not even my parents believe me.
I fell into a dimension of monsters.. pt 1-3
Help finding a post
The Great Marauder of the northern woods.
My Bed
We found my little sister in the forest as a kid. Now I want to return her - update
admitme
I work as a security guard in Area 51 and things are getting scary.
If you're seeing this please help!
I Found out Why I Dread Sleep
There's something in my house, and its messing with us.
Something is wrong with my family's lakeside cabin.
Flight 1999 'Aero' Blackbox logs, Sleep Disorder Collection, (Part 1)
Flight 1999 'Aero' Blackbox logs (Sleep Disorder Collection: Part 1)
Please. Read this before it comes. Please. Save yourself or become ashe.
So...
Bad things happen to good people
It was real
You have a delivery scheduled. Part Three.
The Calls
My dad's been drugging me
Bad things happen to good people
Ghost Tours May Not Be Exactly What You Think They Are
A ghostly real estate shoot??
A ghostly real estate shoot
A Black Door in Ostra 1
I wanted to be a good martial artist. Now I'm dangerous and I hate it (Part 2)
My paranormal experience with mobile phone.
Tag
My family is cursed because my mom played a ouija bord...
My wives don't get along
One monster for another Part 1
Hallucination In The Middle Room
My Paranormal experience with my mobile phone.
My dead sister
My house ghost told the future!
Last night, something found me (Part 2)
I'm an attack helicopter pilot [Part 2] - How I joined Task Force Paladin
Last night, something found me (Part 2)
I tried a new drug called "Essence of Creation"
[I'm an attack helicopter pilot - part 2] How I joined Task Force Paladin
Reborn again
Soon to be reborn
Last night, something found me (Part 2)
Tiny People
There are Eyes in the Trees
My Mom Left Something Behind for Me.
Apelah Foster Care in North Mississippi needs to be investigated
Last night, something found me (PART 2)
What is the scariest dream you've had?
There's a new guy at school, everyone who looks at him has died.
I work full time at a hotel, weird things happen here... (Part 2)
We All Thought the Creepy Old Man Kept Dinosaurs in His Massive Greenhouse. I Wish It Had Been Just That...
Something took over my relatives
I heard a ghastly voice near my window
So....
I Woke Up and the World Was Empty [Part 2]
im not sure what happened
Ghosts aren't what you think they are...I hope.
The Essence of Creation
I met my brother for the first time in 20 years
The stairs
My Job is to Guard the Cave by the Edge of Town (Part 1)
Mike's Premium Teethorium
Careful on the stairs, they’re treacherous. [Long]
I Work For The Canadian Government - Part 2
My Dead Heart Beats in The Mirror
My Last Letter
The Lake of Requiem
I Work For The Canadian Government - Part 1
I was Assigned to a U.S. Submarine Tasked with Recovering a Crashed UFO
I have been tracking a bounty hunter's story ever since 2016 (Part 2)
My Friend Wants Me To Kill Myself
Repercussions of Playing God
I’m a lawyer and my client is the sole witness to a brutal crime. They also happen to be a pathological liar. Part 2.I'm dying from an illness no one can explain
The Tully Way Hotel [Part Two]
tAPTAp
He's always there. {Part 1}
The Temple on Commerce
We stormed Area 51... 26 years ago
I Smelled a Man’s Breath That Just Might Kill Me
The House of Those Not Yet Dead (1)
I was chosen to be one of the seven, what waits upon us is an invasion of the unknown Part two
Alex’s Story
The Tunnel
I Have Started Hunting Humans and Monsters Again. [Part 3]
Saw something i shouldn't have stocking vending machines
I'm dying from an illness no one can explain
Reassurance
I had the same dream my fiancé did a few nights earlier.
I was the leader of the biggest Australian drug operation ever, now I'm on the run... [PART 1]
A sinkhole opened up in my back garden. I think something may be living in it.
I was the kingpin of the most successful and secret Australian drug operation alive, now I'm on the run... [PART 1]
My box
The Terrible Ship
My phone takes pictures of the afterlife. They want to tell me something.
The Telephone Horror Story Animated
An Abandoned Church
I Want To Kill Myself. My Friends Tell Me I Should.
I Want To Kill Myself. My Friends Tell me I Should.
I have to feed it or it hurts me.
Every Day I Wake Up As Someone Else. Every Night He Comes For Me.
Baku's Bassinet Final (3)
Something CHASED me on the way back to my apartment! Part two? Hahaha
Baku's Bassinet Final (3)
A ghost is haunting me and I don't know what to do
I guess I'm not the only one.
He Wanted The Face - My First Creepy Pasta
Something CHASED me on the way back to my apartment! Part two? Hahahaha
My friend is a murderer, please help me!!!!!!!
My sleep paralysis story
His addiction
Something CHASED me on the way back to my apartment! part 2? hahahaha
I Finally Astral Projected and Wish I Never Did.
The Mirror
His addiction
A lady has been following me since I was a child
I may have saved a life today
One Click Away...
A lady has been following me since I was a child.
"We Are Keeping You Here Until Further Notice"
White lies
He Wanted The Face (My First Creepy Pasta)
The creator of earth shares secrets with me. Today I met myself on the subway train.
Since the first time I died, I've fallen in love with the angel of death (Part 10)
Okay here’s some explaining.
A Friend Sent Me a Dybbuk Box, So I Opened It (Part 2)
My thoughts
Our House is Keeping Us Alive (part 1)
Weird things I’ve seen while hunting
Penelope Hannigan’s Bones
Area 51 Raid Members
Baby Momma
How to understand what your cat is saying to you
I don't like clickbaity titles
Baby Momma
I bought an antique doll from a thrift shop and then things got weird
The Intruder
My Xbox keeps Turning on all by itself.
The Intruder
Fogged
Sleep - Charlie Kushner
I never paid my phone bill, but something did.
Something is not right
Nightmare Part one
I think I need to quit my job. (Part 1)
A kid in our town went missing, I'm the only one who knows what actually happend
The German Lady Next Door
I found a phone but I don't know who to call for help
Acting my life away
My Friend's Stalker
I found a iPhone in the dumpster. There's only one contact (par 1)
A Friend Sent Me a Dybbuk Box, So I Opened It (Part 2)
What is heaven?
DONT LOOK IN THE MIRROR
I get sleep paralysis while awake.
I saw a mini doppelganger of my uncle
Devil On Her Back
I didn't pay my phone bill, but something did.
I visited hell once - near death experience
The Beginning of the Arena
My Fear was the unknown but now....my fear is the...known
I found a cursed journal in my new house and I'm not supposed to read it alone (Part 2)
My Friend Marty
We saw the same thing a year apart.
A man tried to kill me at a local Walmart
I heard a random gunshot outside,but nobody's around
The Black Cat
Where there is water, there is life. I can hear it in the pipes.
I was gifted the most dangerous book i'll ever read: Chapter 1
Mixed Omens Bring Mixed Sales (Part 2)
Has anyone ever seen this?
The German Lady Next Door
I Think I Accidentally Joined a Cult... [Part Three]I woke up two days ago and everyone is gone.
Mirror, Mirror on the Wall
I swear, I’m fine
I hope people like this...
I once visited hell
I had a dream about a talking mirror
I'm a proxy for nosleep stories
There's a man who follows me around and narrates my life, and he's started to say some unsettling things
My father is to blame for my grandfather's death
Mike's Teethorium
The Witch on Main Street.
I have been tracking a bounty hunter's story ever since 2016 (Part 2)
The Wedding
What it's like to lose your mind
What it's like to lose your mind
Last night, something found me.
Something is up with my family
I stabbed my customer and I don't know what to do.
Demon (Part 3)
i really don't know what was going on
Chronic insomnia lately. Advice?
I think I need to quit my job. (Part 1)
It gets closer every time I talk about it - Final Update
The Devil's at my door...litterly...
That one Facebook-user with an Anime Profile Picture
The Patient
I think I’m being haunted...
The Snatcherman Syndrome
Don’t play the elevator game (p1)
I spotted something.. odd.. in the forest by the road
I never expected to get a match on Tinder
Quick true story
My Priest Did Something Bad When I Was A Teen. It’s Not What You Think.
I work in Neuroscience lab.
A Hoaxed Human Invasion
New Text Document
The Black Tourism Tour - Here to help you Marvel at the Macabre
The day it has gone away
The Waiting Game
Those stairs are in the desert too now
It has been raining upside down for days
I'm a SWAT Officer. (Part 10). FINAL.
There’s Something Wrong With Me.
I dont know what to do anymore please help.
Don't wake IT up!
What does my dream mean?
I dont know what to do anymore please help.
My sister disappeared five months ago. One week ago, she came back. [Part 4]
There is a strange sound coming from our newly renovated bathroom... And my room, and I have no idea what do they mean.
House at the end of Anderson road
There are weird sounds coming from our newly reconstructed bathroom and my room, and I think they're getting closer.
I'm a therapist, and my patient is a sociopath who wants to have a conscience
Lime and Chilli Nuts
Their watching.
House at the end of Anderson Rd
Is my Parents house haunted?
The communication ritual
I can't stop swapping spit with the world's oldest woman. Now I don't feel so well. BTW: I'm twenty.
I’m a lawyer and my client is the sole witness to a brutal crime. They also happen to be a pathological liar.
“Dead Road Ahead.”
Grammies Curse
White Text Red Text
The Door and the Tinny Man.
How I traveled the world and saw everything I needed to see.
The Howls of a Blind Wendigo
My old Pet Gregor.
The best of two monsters
STAINED parts 3+4/4
My Mother Was A Horrifying Person
What's Wrong with My Boyfriend [Pt2]
I live in a small town. We just had an emergency broadcast [Final]
Someone is watching me as I sleep
I live in a small town. We just had an emergency broadcast [Final Part]
My haunting experience at home
Stained 4/4
What’s Wrong with My Boyfriend [p. 2]
What’s Wrong with My Boyfriend p. 2 [SERIES]
What’s Wrong with My Boyfriend [UPDATE] [SERIES]
What’s Wrong with My Boyfriend [UPDATE] [SERIES]
Baku's Bassinet (2)
neighbors ugh
What the hell pricked me? Finale
r/peterswork
Something chased me on the way back to my apartment
I hope I’m just crazy
My Area 51 Raid Buddy Had A Sister
The man of the shadows (part 1)
Hiking in New Mexico
The one that almost killed me, Saved me. [NSFW]
The “bad” driver
Drowned in front of my home
I got into the Crimson Web Headquarters and now I feel crazy. Fucking crazy.
All Give Some; Some Give All
Our neighbor drives us out of our apartment with demonic powers. Maybe.
A Friend Sent Me a Dybbuk Box, So I Opened It (Part 1)
Pizza guy!
Crazy neighbor drives us out of our apartment with demonic powers (maybe?)
The Siege of Area 51 Will Not End Well Final Part
I only saw a man three times in my life, and I pray that I never see him again.
The sundayI only saw a man three times in my life, and I pray that I never see him again.
My flatmate I didn't know about.
I have been tracking a bounty hunter's story ever since 2016 (Part 1)
New ProJared theme song
Gandpa's Worksheds
The Extremely long Patrol
The Siege of Area 51 Will Not End Well Final Part
I Saw A Clown In My Yard
What’s Wrong with My Boyfriend [UPDATE] [SERIES]
My dad's a murderer (almost a serial killer)
i’m pretty sure my neighbour’s house is haunted. that, or it’s infested by a demon.
What the heart doesn't want.
Daisy
Daisy
Area 52 raid warning
An old classmate of mine and I repaired a machine
I work in a Neuroscience lab.
I like hearing the raindrops on my window.
Look Away
The Devil On Her Back
Scariest experiences you had ?
I done goofed
I can sense the end..
Won't you share with me?
I'm a real time traveler.
What I Saw In The Storm
He's watching me all the time... but I can't see him and I don't know why.
There’s a hit on my head.
My Street in Kansas might be Haunted?
Dear Billy
I have been tracking a bounty hunter ever since 2016 [Part II]
I have been tracking a bounty hunter ever since 2016 [Part I]
My boyfriends dreams are starting to scare me
The pattern
How I came to be petrified of my grandmothers old doll
THEY’RE NOT COMING, THEY’RE ALREADY HERE
I was Hunted by Something Evil in the Forests of California
I left my window open and something strange flew in
Rainy night at our house
My Mother Was A Horrifying Person
An encounter at the ECOT house
same dream in a way but it was worse than normal
My dog ran out, when someone went in
Fortnite™ Battle Royale Season 9 Teaser Trailer (no. 1)
The Midnight Game
So this isn't just my mind playing games...
[Question] Is it possible to see paranormal beings after being drunk or is it just me hallucinating?
Looking for an old post from nosleep (I think)
I lived in a very odd house growing up but i can’t figure out if it was haunted
Breathtaking discovery
There's an eye in my backyard fence. And the fence keeps getting closer. Please help to reassure me.
I Think I Accidentally Joined a Cult... [Part Two]
Is my house being haunted?
Falling Slowly
The giggling granny
A mysterious person sent me a birthday gift and it’s destroying my life
Traveling Particle by Particle PART 6 The Strange Figures
We Didn't Run Into It... It Ran Into Us. [Part 1]
Sweet Caroline
I work at my local Subway. I think there’s something in the basement.
The dark one
My neighbor has been mowing his lawn for 12 hours straight
The legend of Granny Donovan
My Best Friend Buddy
Radio Weird - The Boom [Part 1]
Can't Wait
This has been happening for years.
The Lantern of Gooseberry Road
Ever Since My Mother Hanged Herself, The Dead Have Watched Me
I said something in my sleep that I immediately regretted saying
Somebody left a dead dove on my doorstep.
They Called it a Hoax
The Storming (part one)
The giggling granny
My Cat Loves Me
You'll get it... Eventually.
Enemy of the people?
My daughter went missing. The next day I found a doll on my doorstep.
Food
I Went Missing Four Years Ago. Today, I Woke Up In A Town That Doesn’t Exist. (Part one)
The giggling granny
my friends dad is a monster
The Haunted House I lived in for 3 years
Your Dead Heart Lives In The Mirror. They Watch Us.
Are there any others out there like me? And how do I control this? Please let me know if you have any information. (Part 2)
My Dead Heart In The Mirror
The Bag Man
The Tully Way Hotel
Ever Since My Mother Hanged Herself, The Dead Have Watched Me
Sugar’s mysterious disappearance.
The Sleep Demons
A random girl at night in Asia
Ever Since My Mother Hanged Herself, The Dead Have Watched Me.
Meeting a pretty naked girl at night
Hiking in Asian countries
The Denver Video
I know whats in the Bermuda Triangle, it's horrifying
In the right kind of light.
The giggling granny
STAINED parts 1+2/4I'm a worker at area 51, here's what to expect.
My Friend's Father Watched me Sleep For Three Months:
Pretty sure my neighbor's teenage son is a vampire.
I love you daddy
Movie name
What's Wrong with My Boyfriend
I used to work at Area 51 and I have a message for you.
I live in a small town. We just had an emergency broadcast [Part 4]
There is Something Wrong With My Boyfriend [SERIES]
My Parent's dog was acting strange
I loved beaches and now i know why. Im not fully human
A man in my backyard
Why Im Haunted
My girlfriend didn't grow up with me
I'm Stuck.
Can someone tell me what is this sound?
Episode 333 of my favourite podcast has gone dreadfully wrong.
I am afraid myself, what am I?
New York is built on shit
Michael And Wendy
We looked for a missing person but what we found was much, much worse.
|| 私達はあなたと結婚しないでしょう。 決してあなたのワイフ ||
This morning, I had a dream that lasted forever.
The Portal
My worst nightmare
The car that comes at 3 am
My worst nightmare
The Siege of Area 51 Will Not End Well (part 2)
I Bought a Vintage Hydra and Now Fire Follows Me
Hydra
My firestick allows me to see into my neighbors house
My friend Danny went missing, he left his phone...
A Paranormal Experience my wife and I had last week, I was recommended to post it here.
My friend Danny went missing, he left his phone...
My computer was making weird noises one night, I decided to investigate.
Mareridt (Nightmares) Part 1
Creepy experience
I’m concerned I may be tapping into a parallel universe/ alternate reality
This file was found on the computer of a man who was found dead with his family.
A peculiar day at work.
I Joined The Area 51 Raid..
Jackson Investigations: First Case
I just had a sleep paralysis this morning but it was so scary i tgunk it may have been a nightmare too but !
Goodmorning from the International Space Station. Today, I want to tell you how to achieve your goals.
The Haunted House I lived in for 3 years
the man that came after my mother
My Haunted House...
Shared night terror of friend’s realistic transformation into an animal
I’m Haunted In My House
The Raid
A Fear of Dogs
Jackson Investigations: First Contact
Never ending crosswalk.
Jackson Investigations: First Contact
It gets closer every time I talk about it - Update
The Raid
The Book of Autonomancy (Part 22)
Shared night terror of friend’s transformation
Shared night terror of friend’s transformation
Demon Possession Necklaces
Mushroom Trip Won't End
I accidentally summoned the Midnight man.
I live in a small town. We just had an emergency broadcast [Part 4]
The Pigman
Mushroom Trip Won't End
Lazarus and the Necronomicon
I love you. You love me.
Am I the murder?
No Passenger Train on Track 1
Ever Since My Mother Hanged Herself, The Dead Have Watched Me.
help I keep hearing footsteps in the night
The truth about our water.
The Elementary School (Part 2)(Final)
I love you daddy
First sleep paralysis experience: The Deformed Man, Sam
I think the gates of hell have just been opened... (Part 1)
Majoras Mask scary encounter.
I think the gates of hell have just been opened... (Part 1.2)
Words are around you...
My Friend Looks Just Like Me. She Wants Me To Enter A Dead World.
I have sensitive senses, I didn't understand why until later in life.
Trevor's Tales Special: True Love &lt;3
Trevor's Tales Special: True Love &lt;3 (In between episodes 2 and 3)
A Strange Town
My left hand writes poems while I sleep. The latest one got me worried.
The Dead Watch Us Through Mirrors
I think there's something wrong with this camera.
Run!
The Dead Watch Me from theMirror
Traveling Particle by Particle PART 5 The Restricted Sublevels
My Father was Killed by a Cult . . . I Hunted them Down. Final Part.
My Father was Killed by a Cult . . . I Hunted them Down. (Final Part)
The Storm That Was Not A Storm
My Father was Killed by a Cult . . . I Hunted them Down. (Final Part)
The Denver Video
Michael wasn't really my type and I should learn it was not just because he was an introvert and a bit jealous...
I will read everything challenge
The Denver Video
A series of mysterious murders
Area 51 Raid A WarningSpoiled — a true body horror
Area 51 Raid (a warning)
My dog was acting strange and we've found a bone in our sealed-off, concrete back yard
Men’s Warehouse
The Shadow Man
My best friend in high school was a demon
I shouldn’t have seen that
Spoiled
You Should Pay More Attention..
The Musings Of One Mr. Federick Rodgers
My dog knows where I bury my bones
"Rise and Shine!" is what they said. Part 1.
I'm working at a Christian summer camp. Some weird things are going on (Part 2)
I should have never dropped my license.
There's something wrong with my childhood house's attic.
Tag, Your It
I Think I Accidentally Joined a Cult... [Part One]
Come Home
There's a Terrible Curse Where They're Building the New Mall (Part 2)- A Sisters of 351 Story
I bought a vr suit. Now Im scared for my life. [Part 2]
We should have never created holograms of dead musicians.
Meditating to the edge of insanity
It Had Human Eyes
My sister disappeared five months ago. One week ago, she came back. [Part 3]
Paper People
The Missing Five part 4 of 4- The Hope Eater
My friend is a zombie
I think I'm being hunted
Something About Mary
My Friend Saw... Something Late At Night
I think I'm being hunted
STAINED parts 1+2/4
My Late Night Encounter With... Something
The Black Cloud
My Encounter With... Something
When night comes my dog starts barking... At nothing
My Childhood Experiences In A Small Rural Town. Update Part Two.
DEVIL'S PEAK part​ 1+2/?
Devil's Peak (1+2/?)
The chilling story of the Sodder family
If you live near a power line ...
the man in the painting
I can’t sleep that’s all I wanted to say
The Mirror
My own ghost (short story)
"Im paranoid.."
Labyrinth of Tunnels
I took another walk at my grandparents place. Something else is out there.
Only Time Can Tell
Interview From Absence
The Blue little house
Posted 9 Minutes Ago.
I keep getting messages on my answering machine.
528: A Never Ending Cycle [4/4 Final Update]
I thought I was just clumsy. Now I'm afraid for my life.
The war drags on, the Americans closing in, but we will never surrender
12 Days Of Christine
I might be a sacrifice, and I just started realizing it
I live in a small town. We just had an emergency broadcast [Part 3]
My dog is too smart for her own good. She knows where all my skeletons are buried.
STRANGE HOSPITAL ENCOUNTER
The Last Words of Contestants
Why I never stay in the woods after dark anymore
Trapped in My Car
The Dove Hunter, we might die in this camp
I Learned the hard way to Never Trust Shapeshifters (Part 1)
I learned the hard way to Never Trust Shapeshifters
I live in a tiny town in the mountains [Part 1]
The Unknown Fear
Mr. Magic's Magic Show
The Hat Man
I am a psychologist. My patient has Wendigo psychosis.
The Last Group Chat Message Before My Friends Disappeared.
Hat man
How to Lose Friends and Terrify People
My Childhood Experiences In A Small Rural Town. Update Part Two.
I CANT SLEEP HELP
Why can't I sleep help
The Weekend Before Halloween Is The Worst
Diner (All Welcome)
new discord for 4am people
There is a murderer in my house and I think it has to be one of my family members
My Town is Just Weird: Part 2
Last Night I Uploaded a Video I Don't Remember Making [pt1]
new discord server for 4am ppl
I found the pages of a literary figure who committed suicide.
The truth about Area 51, and why you need to get there
Fresh...
My redroom experience
Dont get lost in new, please.
Love is a Wet Nose
During My Investigation, I Discovered A Creature I Can't Explain, Pictures Included (Part Three)
At the door
During My Investigation I Discovered A Creature I Can't Explain, Pictures Included (Final Update)
The Person Who Watches
I've already died (for real)
I work in tech support. I fix problems.
Asteroids are not what we think they are
I’ve died before. Well, almost.
I think I am in Hell and I did not know itThe man that follows
To Help Clients Develop iPhone Business Apps
My Town is Just Weird: Part 1(repost)
Case#447.5: Bloodstained Part Two
Laughing outside my window
The man that follows
It Started With a Smile
Spent the night at a creepy old life saving station
The road less traveled and the lights in the sky.
Hell Is For Children
The Call That Ended My Career
The man that follows
I left my room, and no one is here. I've been alone for two days
They lied!
I can't exactly explain what we saw in the woods that night.
Where did everyone go?
Are there any others out there like me and how do I control this? Please let me know if you have any information.
I Made A Plan To Get Through Life And Now People Are Going To Die (Part 1)
The Beast of Prey and a Burdened Heart
What is happening
The Bleeding Dove
See No Evil
The Beast of Prey and a Burdened Heart
The Elementary School (Part 1)
Is my house...haunted?!?...are they watching me...?
I bought a vr suit. Now I’m scared for my life.
There are spirits in my house and I feel them near me has I type this...
[TOMT] i forgot the name of this movie.
- .... . .-. . .. ... -. --- -- . .- -. .. -. --.
Mixed Omens Bring Mixed Sales
There are Sprits in my house...I still feel them here has I am typing this...
The End
Sleepwalking
I bought a vr suit and I don’t think I can get out.
My Mother Went Missing While On Vacation (Part 2)
The dead do not speak English
You should be honored...
I Encountered a Vampire in Arkansas ( Part 2)
The Beasts We Welcome
Some weird added me on LOL
Traveling Particle by Particle PART 4 The Forceful Detainment
What you wanted
I Am Starting to Think My Guardian Angel is Defective.
Repeat
My Father was Killed by a Cult . . . I Hunted them Down. (Part 2)
odd dream i had last night
I'm your run of the mill truck driver and I have some stories to get off my chest
I finally figured out what what my job is and it pays great.
I'm your run of the mill truck driver and I have some stories to get off my chest
Do not get on a flight to Dallas, Texas
The lady underground.
The End.
Sleepwalking
There are Eyes in the Trees
A contestant's last words
There are Eyes in the Trees
I woke up with a different identity, and the world isn't the same
We Moved Next Door To A Sleazy Club
You have a delivery scheduled. Part Two.
I had a creepy nightmare last night when I was staying at my Grandmother's house..
I'm a us army ranger and the threat is real
The human fate
'Jeffrey Dahmer' is My Neighbor
I Know My Uncle Didn’t Die of Natural Causes
We Found Something off the Coast of Scotland
I Bought a New House
A Soldier's Story: A Curious Case from the Yugoslav Wars
Stories from El Mimbre
What do you hear when you're underwater?
Please help me find out what happened to my girlfriend.
I’m a lawyer and my client killed his whole family. I’m out to prove their innocence. Final Part.
What happened to my girlfriend? (video included)
Something odd happened a couple of hours ago in a car park and I’m still wrapping my head around it
My body is dead, but my soul refuses to leave
My new roommate Part1
Thank God It's Friday
I Finally Got A Job As An Artist!
My new roommate Part1
I'm an ex hostage negotiator and I need you to help me. Please help me.
It’s just the nerves getting to me
An evil spirit won't leave me alone. No one is around to help.
We Saw A Clown In Our Yard
Your friends in health
Mr. Lore: Sam is back! Yeah!
Short but probably true
I've been suffering from imposter syndrome
I Hear a Clicking and it Wont Stop
My summer house and the old man from down the road.
Why I hate windows at nighttime
My thoughts on life and how a I have perceived it recently.
I'M BEING HAUNTED BY MY PAST LIFE'S DAUGHTER
My only friend is a demon.
I don’t know what to do
I'm a cop and was bored one night, so I looked through old police reports and found one that is very interesting. They called it "The Doomsday Report."
It stalked us.
THE WORLD IS GOING TO END IN 6 DAYS!!!
Wake up.
My Herd (Part One)
I’m a pro-choice activist. Weeks ago, I was inseminated against my will
It stalked us.This Thing Has Been Following Me
My Friends Demon.
The storm almost got me
Battling chronic pain and more.
Since the first time I died, I've fallen in love with the angel of death (Part 9)
Story
I was switched at birth
Stanaga Airfield Part 1) People in the trees.
Felt my bed shake last night
When you die, you see PURPLE
Big brother is always watching (Part 1)
I Work at a Refugee Camp for Criptids
I escaped after a wrongful conviction. Then my uncle made me perform a demonic ritual.
There’s Someone On The Wing
The Wizard of Oz
Case #3567 - Radio Transcripts
Have you Heard About Keto Diet contains Key Ketogenic Ingredients, Such as Raspberry Ketone, Green Coffee, Garcinia Cambogia and Green Tea, which all Help Support a Metabolic State of Ketosis and Healthy Natural Weight Loss.
How to Gain Subscribers - (FAKE) Creepypasta
I think I know what happens after death
Help. I’m stuck in a satanic cult where they want to make everyone “invisible.”
Home alone.
I think I know what actually dying is like
I Work at a Manufacturing Company...
I went back to my childhood home to confront the demon who lives there.
I went to sunday school with a shapeshifter
I was a paranormal investigator. This is the case that made me quit.
I'm a delivery truck driver who saw something weird and unexplainable
I live in a small town. We just had an emergency broadcast [Part 2]
We found my little sister in the forest as a kid. Now I want to return her
The clear girl that is haunting me to this day I need help
Technology - A boon or a curse
There are labs you dont know about
My Little Sister is a Zombie Butcher
There are labs you dont know about
Something came home with us in our car. It's scratching frantically on the garage door.
I sensed from the beginning that they were not here to stay.
Brian’s trip to insanity
The Piano Man - Part 2
I live and laugh and love for God but the world can't tell. The rejection of what they might face if there's a God, is worth rejecting Him as well. So I'll laugh smile and say all is well. Blessed is he who hasn't seen. As they smile and wave marching ubiquitously into hell.
Help a demon is haunting me in the night
I live in a small town. We just had an emergency broadcast [Part 2]
I live and laugh and love for God but the world can't tell. The rejection of what they might face if there's a God, is worth rejecting Him as well. So I'll laugh smile and say all is well. Blessed is He who hasn't seen. As they smile and wave marching ubiquitously into hell.
Help a demon is haunting me in the night
GPS glitched and took us to a ghost town that we never found again
I am being turned into a doll and i couldn't be happier
Chocolate Lips
Not A Story, I'm Sorry, But Please Read!
I don’t think this is a coincidence...
The Faerie
Being followed by a strange truck
Help a demon is haunting me at night
The Piano Man
Traveling Particle by Particle PART 3 The Human Subject
Completing the Mosaic World
The Farm
My Father was Killed by a Cult . . . I Hunted them Down.
Alive
Help a demon is attacking me during the night
Help demons are attacking me
Last time i ever went to a museum. Now you should stop too.
I thought my dog's disappearance was just another one of his routine runaways and he'd be back within the hour.
Do you guys think like me?
How many of you felt the same as me?
I work for an Odd Company (Pt. 1)
Five People Getting the Hell Out of Town
Orchestrated Irony
Nothing Is There.
My grandpa that tragically died
Sometimes I wondered...
4 Percent Repost
They released me on a trial program that monitors released prisoners for experimental purposes. The government wants my blood.
4 Percent (reupload)
The Raven's Return
My sister disappeared five months ago. One week ago, she came back. [Part 2]
I’m a lawyer and my client killed their whole family. I’m out to prove their innocence. Part 4.
Yellow Eyed Demons Hunt In Venice
A red number called me this morning
A Love Like No Other
Eastgate
Yellow Eyed Demons Hunt In Venice
"There's something... off about him..."
Friendship doesn't exist... Alone is better
Alice
I have always struggled to remember peoples names
Alone is better
Alice
I was chosen to be one of the seven, what waits upon us is an invasion of the unknown
I woke up in a fat Italian man’s body
Through the Storm
What Would You Do For $10,000?
do not play the elevator game (part 2)
The Demon Story Of Venice.
The Missing Five part 3 of 4: Where Are You Going?
do not play the elevator game (PART 2)
World like ours.
Papa Stopped Going To Church
Saw something. Don't know what it was.
do not play the elevator game (PART 2)
If you go to Venice, You May See a Pale Face In The Water
Please turn your Snapchat location off. Long story short..I could’ve diedI found a puppet that looks just like me.
Twelve Yellow Eyes Stared From The Dark
Hoowai Corp. Human Instinct and Behavioral Research Facility: Patient File #0015 [Part 1]
I'm a SWAT Officer who was sent to investigate an incident at a middle school. (Part 9).
The Monster
Something in the woods
mosnte
The Following Document Has Been Heavily Encrypted For Your Own Safety
I'm an aircraft fueler and strange things are going on at the airport
The Wilted Rose
I saw something as a Marine off the coast of Scotland.
Last September Ending
[CLASSIFIED] The Following Document Has Been Heavily Encrypted For Your Own Safety
Case#447: Bloodstained
My name is Michael, and I’m about 800 years old.
My little brother is sleeping in the bunk below me for our vacation and has been masturbating loudly and I don’t know what to say to get him to stop
The Redheaded Kids Are Crazy.
A Confession From a Diary of a Friend of Mine pt. 2
The Siege of Area 51 Will Not End Well
Nameless Dance of the Fireflies
Nameless Dance of the Fireflies.
Confessions of a Familiar
Sleepless Maniac
Im starting to think this isn't really a storm
The kidnapped kid (btw this is not real this is a story)
I found a cursed journal in my new house and I'm not supposed to read it alone (Part 1)
Something crawled in my ear. Now it’s telling me to do things.
I was only three when i saw my great grandfather and ever since his voice haunts my dreams...
There Was No Axeman in New Orleans, Only The Shredder PART 2!!! FINAL PART!!!
Golem of the Woods
They Stripped us of Our Shoes
Sometimes They Say Things (Pt. 2)
No one will look at me and I don't know why
Never walking in the West Virginia mountains at night again.
I was only 3 when i saw my great grandfather and ever since his voice haunts my dreams...
I work for the anti-cryptid special ops part 2
I’m not entirely human, and that’s going to doom humanity.
You Humans Disgust Me (Part Two)
Hailing Cove
I just moved into a new apartment and I think it is haunted (pt 2)
The power is out in my apartment and something weird is happening
Leaving paradise
"Come to Manhattan Amusement Park! You'll have a scary good time on all our new rides!"
I work for the anti-cryptid special forces part 2
I can talk to dead people
Just My Imagination...?
There's A New Drug In Town Part 3
Elevator game? why has no one spoke about the stairwell game.
This planet looks familiar...
Werewolf hunt
Cleaning Companies Have A Knack For Ghost
Sorry but I’m not quite sure
Sometimes They Say Things (Pt. 2)
My friend created his own religion. He killed me. Then the god Osiris granted me a second life. PART 4 **FINAL**
My Uncle Seen Something We Still Can't Explain
I rented the apartment of the Johnson Murder-Suicide
You are the Monsters in the Woods
My Research Lab Is Trying To Play God.
You have a delivery scheduled. Part One.
Twelve Yellow Eyes Stare From The Dark. A Gaping Maw Opens.
I live in a small town and we just had an emergency broadcast
What Airline Pilots Don't Tell Us About the Clouds
Toy Store
Tag
Marble Laughter
My imaginary brother Carmichael (26 and 1/2) is really in a pickle and NEEDS YOUR HELP!
I Work at a Refugee Camp for Criptids
Toy Store
Silent Thoughts
I live in a small town and we just had an emergency broadcast
Silent Thoughts
I Hunt Cryptids For A Living. It’s Harder Than You Think. (Part 5)
I THINK GOD WANTS ME TO KILL MY YOUNGER SELF.
Twelve Yellow Eyes Stared From The Dark.
NJ Falls Into the Atlantic
NJ Falls Into the Atlantic
(Pt 1) Charlie sure did like to make his mama smile.
After the love of my life died, I religiously bring home one girl at a night
Alice
I Met God
I wanted to be a good martial artist. Now I'm dangerous and I hate it (Part 1)
I wen't to a house party, I wish I hadn't.
Validation of a Ghost Adventure
the puppet maker of Darrow road
The Day I Met God
Two of my Friends Died From The Plague
I wish I never had gone on a cruise
The Room Next to Mine
I Am Deathly Afraid Of Dying
Somethings at this house. (PT.1)
We visited the cemetery on werewolf road
I didn’t know whether to quit or stay
The world where nothing is as friendly as it seems PART 1
I Looked Up My Family Tree. We're Cursed
Habits Of The Insane
I work for a store that sells bodies (part 2)
We spent a night on werewolf road
Area 51 is the biggest cover up in human history
I used to do drugs with the people under the bridge
He was feeding the cats.I Found Out My Family's History. We're cursed.
Traveling Particle by Particle PART 2 The Biological Trials
I saw something in France, and it has followed me home
Don't Go In The Water Of Venice. Something Is Alive In There
I went on the dark web
Something lives in the woods behind my grandma's house, and it wants to kill me.
The Terrible Cruise
That time I broke my arm
Scottish Hotel Hell [part 1] - My coworker disappeared and I found out she wasn't the first
Wolves Howl At The Bells Of Venice
The Underwear Dream
How Do I Report A Forum That Is Cyberbullying?
Sleepfall Chapter 2
My cat ran away and what came back isn't my cat
I'm working for Disney, one of my co-workers committed suicide
the creepy house
Somehow, I Made It Out of Jury Duty Alive Today
My Family's Blood is Cursed. We Must Never Go Near the Waters of Venice
My cat went missing and what came back is not my cat
Letters from my Husband, I hope he's okay
I don't want to build the Mosaic World
A Pale Face Lives In The Waters of Venice.
I don’t know if last night was a dream or not
Stay out of abandoned buildings
Jessa's Cake Smash - Creepy submission
The "creepy house"
Blutnacht, Part I: Bloodborne
Jessa's Cake Smash - Creepy Submission
My grandma never talks but she did today
I was taken to a mansion as part of a corporate bonding.
Dream Eater
Wolves Howl At The Bells Of Venice
RE: Your husband misses you!
Wolves Howl When They Hear The Bells Of Venice
The war drags on, the Americans are closing in, but we will stand strong in the face of their machines and die with honor!
Don't Go To Bobbin Mill
I think there's something in the forest. And it doesn't like people
Sticky notes
I’m a lawyer and my client killed their whole family. I’m out to prove their innocence. Part 3
Make sure you inspect everything you buy at an estate sale.
I have the ability to cause "unexplained" catastrophes whenever something makes me angry.
Murder at a kids park?
Campus Structural Investigation part 1
I Tried Past Life Regression and now Something is After Me
My grandma never talks and she did today.
I was being bullied. I took matters into my own hands by taking advantage of alien technology.
I Grew Up in a Town Called Whispering Hills
the one at night
Mysteries of the unexplained #1
Sitting in a car high scared the shit outa me.
Lonely bus for lonely people
The Figure
Will this app cause you to die a few hours later?
do not play the elevator game
When War brings death closer than ever.
Treehouse
Everless Island : The Greech
An entitled parent wants my 3DS, and now everyone else wants it too. (1)
Things I’ve seen in my small town.
The Blue Boy (Part Two)
YOU WILL NOT SLEEP IF YOU READ THIS
The things I’ve seen in my small town.
Sniper that lived across from me
The haunted room
The Figure
Summer Fog
Grandpa Joe
The eyes did it.
I’m so sorry (part 2)
Something horrid is hiding deep in the north.
I’m so sorry (part 2)
I am so sorry
The Life, Death, and Rebirth of Thomas Bailey [part 1]
The Life, Death, and Rebirth of Thomas Bailey [pt.1 : Life]
The Island
I'm never listening to the oldies channel again.
WIBTA if I stopped my kids from seeing their best friend?
My family keeps the records. I don't think we need to anymore.
Why I never stay in the woods after dark anymore.
WIBTA if I stopped my kids (9/F, 7/M) from seeing their best friend (11/F) ?
I've been suffering from imposter syndrome.
I've been bullied my whole life but it stoped when i made friends with the new girl
Prayer Bones
I’m in massive trouble [part 1]
My final note now that I'm possessed.
So I HAD an amazing girlfriend until this happened
Bittersweet
Habits Of The Insane
Covered Storage Unit - Jumbo Storage
4 Percent
Tinder Date
Don't sleep. Don't think. Don't stop... (PT2)
Did he buy a cult compound?
I lost my sister to a dream
Imaginary Friends
Did my friend buy a cult compound?
4 Percent
Prayer Bones
I think my husbands friend bought a cult compound.(what do you think?)
Absolute TruthPrayer Bones
I work alone in a funeral home...
Demon (Part Two)
Goodbye mama
Demon (part 2) (Sequel to “I Think I’m a Demon and My cats are, too”)
weird dream
How I Survived Katrina
I regret moving to Alaska (5)
Do You Believe In God?
Killers walk among us part 1: a normal mans murder
Something's Scared NASA
I’m a coroner in a reasonably large town, and nothing made me sick to my stomach. This tape did.
Working with accient gods
I remembered the workings of time.
Isle of Screens
I just remembered the workings of time.
The Cryptid Files of Alice Irvin (part one)
The Gulag - Part One
It's snowing in the middle of the summer, and it's about to get worse.
I Fell Like I Should Share This
The Cracks
I wish I couldn’t see ghosts
I don’t know what’s happening to me.
What The Living Eat
My husband and I want to kill each other
Cease and Desist Part 2
During My Investigation, I Discovered A Creature I Can't Explain (Part 2)
What will he have in mind for the day? [Part 1]
Spotify wants my suicide
Scary story. WARNING
A sinkhole opened up on my farm, something keeps coming out of it
Cease and Desist part 2
la petite mort
Nothing is right.
Like Lambs
My dad built a robot. He activated the "I'll be your mother" protocol. He didn't anticipate how cruel a machine could be.
I wen't to a house party, and I wish I hadn't.
My friend went missing in a sewer, and he was not alone [1]
I work for a store that sells bodies (part 2)
Simon and the Gate to Hell
My phone kept on running out of charge
I saw an animal high in the clouds. Now I'm terrified.
The Man Who Tortures me
About the girl in my trunk.
The Forbidden Files~ E1/D4
Sparking A Global Conversation
I encountered a vampire in Arkansas.
You ever heard of shadow people?
It's my sister's 10th birthday party, and some very weird guests have arrived
I work the night shift at a convenience store. Every night I see the same weird kids. (part 1)
Awake
the black demon in my room
A strange dream
No One In My Family Ever Really Dies (Part Four)
The Terrifying Story Of A Pipecleaner.
I love my job and I wish I was at work right now
You Gotta Love That Drip
I think the gates of hell have been opened... (Part 1)
The Underwear Dream
I unknowingly built the gates of hell... And then opened them. (Part 1)
Dead Awake
A Quiet Day
Dinner and Drinks With My Executioner
Im starting to think this "storm" is not a really a storm.
I was all alone on an isolated stretch of highway—except for the truck behind me.
The SuperMarket Memoirs Complete Listing
The Lure of Friendship
I Used to Play God For a Living. The Last Creature We Made Was Unholy.
My Mother Went Missing While On Vacation
The Lynch House [Part 3]
I found something VERY disturbing in a trash bin down an ally way right next to an abandoned facility
Be careful of what you draw...
I Met Death Today
Voices Over the Radio [UPDATE 1}
Im Never Going Back to Las Vegas
Imaginary friend
I work for a store that sells bodies (part 2)
My cat was acting strange before running away a month ago. The following message was left in my voicemail. Now I don’t think I want my cat back.
I recently broke up with my girlfriend. I think she's out to kill me. Part 1
Check this out!
Watchers (part 1)
Being invisible is not what you think it’s like (Final)
Something Is Happening in Tevam Sound (Finale)
I’m Never Going Back to Las Vegas
There Is Something Here That Wasn't Before
The one that got away
My friend created his own religion. Now we're trying to help Isis give birth to Set's son. PART 3
There Is Something Here That Wasn't
Minami-Iwo Island That Year... (Part 3)
Don't sleep. Don't think. Don't stop...
My Son Finally Spoke Today
Nobody showed up to my high school reunion.
I Hunt Cryptids For A Living. It’s Harder Than You Think. (Part 5)
The Murderous Hitchhiker
The man who worked at the prison
Hailing Cove
the last photo......
the last photo.....
sodoku
There's Something Wrong at Grimbald Housethe last photo....
I’m a Lawyer and my client killed their whole family. I’m out to prove their innocence. Part 2
Took a wrong job offer - need help recovering from identity theft
Why I Quit My Job As A Construction Worker
Harvesting
WARNING: DO NOT READ THIS DOCUMENT
The Strange New Owners of the Laundromat
Wish Upon A Star
The Missing Five part 2 of 4: White, Bloated Grief
Almost kidnapped as a child
Please help me out!
Wellness
Severe thunderstorm alert
A green spirit
Real strange experience. TRUE.
I Was A Test Subject In The Elysium Experiment
New discord to share Paranormal experiences etc :)
I asked my tinder date to have sex with me, and he agreed.
I Work as a Diamond Prospector in Northern Canada. That's not all That I find.
A 2am Bathroom Trip
The Revenge-Seeking, Evicted Tenant
there is something wrong whit my new house... r/nosleep
Am I Haunted?
Dognapper
mother and her baby
Can't sleep
His Name Is Randy
Baku's Bassinet [1]
I have the most odd and terrifying dreams
The Face in The Water
Yup, I’m a Demon (Sequel to “I think I’m a Demon and my cats are, too”)
Remember
There's some weird storm on the horizon and I'm sorta freaking out.
I took a job cleaning my local cemetery at night. I really wish I hadn't. Part 1
I've got a life sentence
Searching
I saw “it”
The one that got away
Guidelines for De Vilsbrood Teachers
I'm a high school student. The ghost I've been playing tennis with for years said he's going to kill me.
My bestfriend boarded a plane 2 days ago, he hasn't landed yet, and there is something terribly wrong.
Strange sounds from my window
Bro I just had the most vivid memory of a kids show that had like a diy place or something and they did like girly diy projects in it, but it wasn’t YouTube it was a real show , WHAT IS IT?!?!?!!
The Samaritan
Strange Boy
My Niece is No Longer Missing and I Need Advice
I am human. I was born 6.6 billion years ago. (Part 1)
I just moved into a new apartment and I think it is haunted
Strange Boy
The Grappler
I woke up in a post-apocalyptic world, and I don’t remember anything (Part 2)
Something is in me. I need help.
His Name is Randy
case_file_7.03-case_file_7.05
I'm an ER Nurse......
Three months ago my friend was abducted, today I was too
The ruminations of the Speres houses
This is alpha tester #021499 LET ME OUT
The lights went out
I woke up in a post-apocalyptic world, and I don’t remember anything (Part 2)
A meteor was supposed to hit the earth and kill us all. Two days ago.
do you know this child
The lights went out
Can I play too?
Is this going to continue?
A meteor was supposed to hit the earth adn kill us all. Two days ago.
I Bought a New House
A friend experienced an agonizing itch
You Let Them In
do you know this child
He isn't what I thought
A meteor was supossed to hit the earth and kill us all. Two days ago.
I found a notebook in an abandoned shed in the woods while camping. What it said is deeply disturbing. Part 2
do you know this child
The lights went out
I watched a Hypnosis video on YouTube, and I woke up somewhere different.
You wake up.
My experience in juvenile prison will haunt me for life.
the 1%- Dramatic Reading of Reddit Original Story
Someone is tormenting me in a discord chatroom.
Every time my name is called, someone dies (part 2)
The 1%-Dramatic of original Reddit Story
What's hiding in my friend's house?
I'm writing this because I don't know how much time I have left: PART TWO
Shaffer National Park
If anyone knows The Green Man tell him I miss him
Visions or Whatever I was going through as a teenager / child.
The man who watches you through your window while you sleep at night is your deceased father
Looking for a post about a guy who pays his family
The Face On My Shower Wall
There's a tiny man living in my apartment.
alien dreams
This is tester #081687 LET ME OUT
Stop to Smell the Roses
Funeral Spotting
The Nameless Nether
The man who watches you from your window while you sleep at night is your biological father
Sleepfall Chapter 2
The THING will fimd you once you see him in your dream...
Every time my name is called, someone dies (part 2)The Lighthouse Chapel
My new dog is scaring me.
The Other Room
The Killing House [Part 3]
Ladies, dont do what I have done
Hailing Cove
I think I gained the power to collect soul shards and I don't know what to do.
Hailing Cove, a small town
The Old Man and the Sea
I love my job and I feel like I'm dying
Don't do this please
Every time my name is called, someone dies (part 1)
Hailing Cove.
My grandfather took LSD in Vietnam and pissed off a deity
Every time my name is called, someone dies. (Chapter 1)
The Book of Autonomancy: Self-Love Potion #10 (Part 21)
My dentist was going to kill me, so I had to take matters into my own hands
I think I’m a demon, and my cats are, too (part one)
Obsession is Destruction
I Couldn't Believe it WAS Him
I work at a Body Farm and saw something I wasn't supposed to
I'm a therapist, and my patient has an extremely unusual addiction
The Deep Freeze (Part One)
Under The Bed, Above The Earth
Traveling Particle by Particle PART 1 The Prototype
I am looking for relief, but I won't find it.
Seven Signs of a Psychopath (4)
The Valhalego
Seven Signs of a Psychopath (4)
im mad
he’s in the red room
I migrated to the USA to escape from a demon.
Building the Mosaic World
Henry haunts my shadow because he wants what I've taken from him. Henry is trapped in the light but Henry is free in the dark.
The Ghost in My House Is Solidifying
I work for a store that sells bodies (part 1)
HOLY 3
Cat
Perfect
Am I Dreaming?
I've been having nightmares about killing people for years. Today I found out they weren't dreams, and I know who's going to die next (Part 3).
Lying: a freedom I took for granted!
My friend created his own religion. I haven't seen him in days. PART 2
My Tinder Date is kind of a Creep
A Mimicked Cry
I’m a lawyer and my client killed their whole family. I’m out to prove their innocence.
Please help me find a story
I want you to play the left-right game
The Seven
My train is ten minutes away
strange facebook message from my self
I can’t sleep
Radiation Detector Squeals While Exploring an Abandoned DuPont Explosives Tunnel; Pictures Included
Im Never Going Back To Las Vegas
I Can See Your Kids From Behind This Bush
Stop posting in no sleep, you're killing Millions.
NoSleep interview with NSLewis!
Magazines
Crystal
Uncle's Birdhouse
A cliché no sleep story
The Chevelle
My Uncle's Birdhouse
You Humans Disgust Me (Part One)
My cats disappeared...But new ones exactly like them appeared
What the hell pricked me? Part 4
Whats hiding in my friend's closet?
The Baby Who Ate
Taiwanese horror stories: Mountain Gremlins and the Little Girl in Red
The Seven
Kamikakushi神隠し
These bitch ass ghosts are back on their bullshit.
I woke up in the strangest resort ever. Somebody please save me.
Sidley by the Sea
I never die
I'm Never Going Back to Las Vegas
A Stone Throw Away
Don't sleep on bottom bunk
The 1%-Creepy Story Narrated
There Is Something Very Wrong With My Uncle Part 1
There Is Something Very Wrong With My Uncle Part 1
There Is Something Very Wrong With My Uncle Part 1
There i\Is Something Very Wrong With My Uncle Part 1
Mods are asleep upvote..
A stranger walked into my house, and I think they’re in trouble
She liked having a child. (alternate ending non-canon)
Do you believe in Anunnaki?
Trixy
*altered beast demon* part 1
There's something in the water
Ignore The Wailing Baby
Let this be our last goodbye
Since the first time I died, I've fallen in love with the angel of death (Part 8)
It is impossible for me to be here.
Walt Disney World Part 1: The Reboot
Sometimes they say things
The Pills (Short Story)
I saw “ *it* “
My little brother told me something that made my skin crawl
Probably the Shortest, Most Uneventful Story on this Sub.Might not be as “terrifying” as other stories here, but this truly happened to me in the woods by my old apartment.
A knock on my door
There Used to Be a Town Called Fuchsia, Kansas: Story 1, ChronsConservative's Pasta Universe
The Veiled Woman
The Veiled Woman
There Used to Be a Town Called Fuchsia, Kansas (Story 1, ChronsConservative's Pasta Universe)
I won't work at a stores that are 24/7 anymore
case_file_7.02
The knock on my door
I cant find Michael
I got the app the my best friend’s been obsessing over and it will forever disturb me
Still Haven't Slept
My husband is still driving but won't stop staring at me (Part 2)
ET had two more movies
My sister could see things but no longer can
A meteor was supossed to hit the earth and kill us all. Yesterday.
The Whooping Demon
The Humanity Project
The Humanity Project
The Seven Birds
it's 3AM and all I can hear is my dead aunt calling my name through my bedroom door
Something living in my walls?
wait this isn't a subreddit for insomniacs
it's 3AM and all I can hear is my dead aunt calling my name through my bedroom door
I decided to get this app that my best friend’s obsessed with and it will forever disturb me
My Dreams
The Other Room
The Other Room
Sleepfall Chapter 1
The Other Room
I’m writing this because I don't know how much time I have left
The Other Room
The Screamer
Chicken Poop
Every night when I fall asleep, I am forced to be awake in an alternate universe. I'm so exhausted.
Cow
Teeth
The Woods Where We Call Home
My best friends little sister is weird.
No One In My Family Ever Really Dies (Part Three)
Don’t visit cedar key
I heard a voice saying “Don’t go home” during a dream. I should’ve listened to it...
Not Exactly Human... (Part 2)
I could’ve taken her place
Hello. My name is Jack R. Sekic. I think I am developing real superhuman powers as we speak. I have reason to believe an evil organization called Crimson Web is trying to cover this all up.
Hello. My name is Jack Sekic. I think I am developing superhuman powers as we speak. I also think an evil organization called Crimson Web is trying to cover this all up.
Every 4th
Just use tape
There is Something Very Wrong with My Uncle Part 1
[Serious] Dreams Predicting The Future
Help me...I think I’m falling
Is This A True Story?
I work for the anti-cryptid special ops
Something Pulled my Feet
PLEASE HELP ME
The Dentist
Please help me!
i think there’s a ghost hooked onto me
The drinking spirit
The Strange Feldscher and His Medical Anomalies
I'm Best Friends With A Retired CDC Agent. There Are So Many Diseases You Haven't Heard Of. (Part 3)
There Is Something Very Wrong With My Uncle Part 1
My sister disappeared five months ago. One week ago, she came back.
I Never Have a Choice
Creepy Snapchat Video
As luck would have it
The Ice Cream Man
Taiwanese horror stories: the "Mountain Gremlins" and the Little Girl in Red
I'm no longer taking the highway
My crush's boyfriend keeps her snapstreaks. It got disturbing quick.
Its making my life harder
I Hate Water
They’re gone...
I gained the power to collect people's soul shards and I don't know what to do
Troll in the Dungeon
The Revisitors - Part 2
The Missing Five part 1 of 4: A Bubble of Hopelessness
My niece is the devil
I don't have much time left. I existed. Please remember me.
Am I wrong to leave my husband?
The Catholic Church Kept The Most Haunting Secrets (Part 2)
I went to "the cold place" when I was 11 years old
WIBTA for ghosting my husband?
A Little Secret Door
Don’t respond to the Carsons
I'm the happiest one here.
I am missing
The Book of Autonomancy (Part 20)
"No u"
I'm from the Philippines and we tried to visit our hometown on a remote area. We almost never made it out.
I need to post this its been on my mind for years, Its a bit abstract but it gets the point across...
Funeral Spotting.
Funeral Spotting.
Funeral Spotting.
There’s something in the wine cellar, and I don’t know what to do.
not boring
I found a bomb shelter at the edge of town with a family living inside, and now I'm one of them (part two)
There's a Terrible Curse Where They're Building the New Mall (Part 1)- A Sisters of 351 Story
The woman who lives in Darwin
The Suicide CurseYou Have Arrived at Your Destination
The Suicide Curse
You Have Arrived at Your Destination
The Fold
I Made A New Friend To Play Catch With
The Fold
The light in Jasper, Ohio
I'm writing this because I don't know how long I have left: PART ONE
Hiding [Part 1]
Why I never went to Japan again
I wish I couldn’t see ghosts
I’m being hunted by a creature in the foothills of Tennessee
Camping Trip
It gets closer every time I talk about it
I'm writing this because I dont know how much time I have left: PART ONE
Question
I've Lived In This House For A Long Time.
People in my town keep going missing and no one is doing anything about it.
My Town is Just Weird
Laura Jean
What Really Happened at the Sunspot Solar Observatory
My Town is Just Weird.
The little kid in my closet
I was given a journal, and now I can't leave this town. [Part 2]
An RPG where the gods have awakened, and bestow gifts randomly
Scariest night of my life. (real experience)
My Town is Just Weird.
I saved a white snake
Last night I ran somewhere I shouldn’t have. It’s awake now.
I'm Lily Madwhip, Mother of Monsters
Cats on Leashes are Goddamn Hilarious.
I am 23 years old, but my mother hasn't given birth to me...
Just use tape
Bang Bang Bang
Order Up
I think I'm in hell on earth
My Town is Just Weird
This is not a love story
Mighty No.10?
A little story about one of the weirdest things happened to me (and my family)
Hard Lockdown in 2th grade
It takes two keys to get back in!
I thought my house was haunted, but it was much worse
I just watched an episode of Spongebob where they summoned demons and now weird things are happening.
I became a test subject for s new sleeping drug. I cannot distinguish my dreams from reality
The Thing from the Hockomock Swamp.
I think I'm in hell on earth
Clipped wings
It's On Our Property
HEROBRINE AT 3 AM
It knows I see it, and I’m pretty sure it likes it
It knows I see it, and it likes it (paranormal)
A strange man has appeared in all of my dreams. Now he's made it into the real world. (Part 1)
The shadows
I can see &amp; hear ghosts. Advice or help is totally appreciated.! (PT 2)
He Had Carvings In His Teeth
Will you help me build the Mosaic World?
I am 23 years old, but my mother hasn't given birth to me...
I Am Being Stalked by Someone on The Dark Web.
The person in my room may not have been who I thought he was
The Girl who Died in my Backyard
I can see &amp; hear ghosts. Advice or help is totally appreciated.! (PT 1)
Something terrible has happened to my family, and I think my son's imaginary friend has something to do with it
I Just Needed a Job [Part 2]
I saw what caused the SoCal earthquake last night.
Who wants creepy tarot readings??
A Word Of Warning: Never Open The Door To Strangers
Creepy Camp Crywood
When We Meet Again, Chapter 1
Sleepfall Chapter 3: The Forest Surrounding The Gas Station
am i in another dimension?
The Ordinary People (Part 2)
Don't try to cheat sleep paralysis..
There are labs you dont know about
Get In The House Now.
Abexecion's Grimoire
Get In The House Now.
Joyce Started a Live Video
I think there someone else inside me (Part 1)
The Logical Explanation
The government hides so much from you.
Help me
Only a Phenomenon
Vet techs see some weird stuff (finale)
I found an old diary while I was hiking in xxxxxxx Preserve Trails...
Vet techs see some weird stuff (part three)
Life Insurance
dark_within
Bad Things in the Ouachita National Forest Part 3
What happened to my aunt? How can we stop it?
The ramblings of a London Commuter
There Was No Axeman In New Orleans, Only The Shredder
I just introduced a monster into the real world
We met a Witch with a Pink Crystal Ball. She could give us Anything.
I'm working at a Christian summer camp. Some weird things are going on
We found a Witch with a Pink Crystal Ball. She could give us Anything.
Lighthouse in the sky.
Terrifying black eyed children encounter 😳
I can’t wait to leave this hotel room
The MannequinThere was something in my doll ?
The Penumbra That Consumes
My friend created his own religion. I haven't seen him in days.
There's something in my new house with me. (Part Three) FINAL
There's something in my new house with me. - The Basement (Part Three - Final)
There's something in my new house with me. (Part Three: The Basement - FINAL)
I took care of a posseded cat
Normalcy
Normalcy
I don't want to be hear anymore...
The Wavering (a Phenomenon)
There is something wrong with my new Mortal Kombat game
I can’t tell if i’m alive or not anymore: Patient Zane Murray
I know you awake......
I just found a secret base underground, right beneath the trees inside the forest [Part 2]
I played my VR this morning, but everything had changed when I took off the headset.
till yesterday, i was alone for 48 years.
I thought it was a prank
The Princeton Oil Leak
What we leave behind
I just found a secret base underground, right beneath the trees inside the forest [Part 2]
The Leaves in this town are Cursed
the intruder wasn't human
Old flooded train tunnel
Old flooded train tunnel (true story)
Old flooded train tunnel (true story)
His grandpa is possessed.
Short but creepy
I was being watched my whole life 🔶fake story🔶
I just found a secret base underground, right beneath the trees inside the forest [Part 2]
While walking through the marshlands, I saw something, that froze me.
Short but creepy
This is what’s going on behind the scenes of your favourite television show.
My scariest momment
I Used to Live Alone
My house is infested with ghosts. They play pranks and mildly inconvenience me all the time. I hate them and want them to die again and again and again.
My Crush Is Never At School On Friday's
What I Inherited - Final Update [Part 7]
What I Inherited - Finale [Part 7]
What I Inherited [Part 7 - Finale]
The Woman In The Ice
Mason's End. not scary
Too many nightmares
My Life and The "Supernatural"
case_file_7.01
Mason's End (Not Scary)
Herobrine made me do it
I am not okay.
Hey guys! - reupload - help me
I think my dead first girlfriend is following me
I am not okay.
FUCK NO SLEEP BAN ME MOTHER FUCKERS!
FUCK NO SLEEP THREAD!
I am not okay
I'm Friends With A Retired CDC Agent. There Are So Many Diseases You Haven't Heard Of. (Part 3)
I'm Friends With A Retired CDC Agent. There Are So Many Diseases You Haven't Heard Of.: The Bleach Bomb (Part 3)
The track stalker
Bodies Are Growing in My House (Part Two)
I've been having nightmares about killing people for years. Today I found out they weren't dreams, and I know who's going to die next (Part 2).
Someone smashed a jar at my door
I'm in the middle of a school shooting, but something isn't right.
She isn't what you think p.2
Clock Face
The confederate soldier and I
She isn't what you think she is
a life in twilight sun
I heard a voice saying “don’t go home” during a dream. I should’ve listened to it...
Help I’m in trapped in the middle of the woods with a monster
Bip is Back and Here to Stay
You have 1 new email in your primary inbox.
This isn’t as scary as others, but this one is real.
My sister can't sleep (PT 1)
He is HERE
You have 1 new Email in your inbox
The Wavering (A phenomenon)
The wavering (A phenomenon)
The Buddy System That Stops You From Sinning
I didn’t toss the broken comb
There is a new Ambulance service for drug-related incidents in my town
They Watch. They KNOW.
I'm A Manager at a Chuck E Cheese Restaurant (Part 8)
I'm Playing A Virtual Reality Game
My Roommate Says That He's a Demon and I Don't Think He's Joking (pt 6).
During My Investigation I Discovered a Creature I Can’t Explain, Pictures Included
Someone's shadow is following me.
No eyes
the hollowbrook orphanage massacre
They Know. They Watch. Always.
I think my cat is doing something horrible. (Part two)
Haunted Airport
Oliver’s Antiques
Monsters Don’t Exist Or Do They? (Part 1)
My Childhood Demon
Oliver's Antiques
I decided to look at pictures of my mother in old photo albums
I have to fight the unkown
Never follow the thing in grey hoodie
MY SCARY STORY
Not Exactly Human...
The absolute BS I have to deal with on my property(pt.1)i feel what i cannot (part 1)
Anyone else have problems with their Tickle-Me-Elmo?
What I found in my grandma's basement will haunt me forever (finale)
You all need to Chill about Skinwalkers
Two men broke into my house last night. My boyfriend and I are being held captive. I don't know what to do.
My best friend is a psychopath since getting Call of Duty Ghosts
I love my job but I think I took it a little too far this time
Our old tree house still held many secrets
I Made a Bad Deal
Found In My Google Docs
You all need to Chill about Skinwalkers
4th of July, Apple Pie.
The Gnawing, Pt 1
Nighttime sleep thing
Last September [Ending]
Last September (ending)
The Gnawing, PT 1
I found a bomb shelter at the edge of town with a family living inside, and now I'm one of them... (part one)
The shadows
Found in my Google Docs
Strange Sounds in my Boyfriend's Study, PT 1
I think my cat is doing something horrible (Part 2)
The shadows
I’ve been hurting my roommate
I found a fallout shelter with a family living inside, and now I'm one of them (part one)
I wish the singing would stop
First post here so go easy on me
The legend of death
In my dreams I saw end of the world and i think it was a test of my faith
I work for the anti-cryptid special forces
What will you tell the children?
Bad Things in the Ouachita National Forest Part 2
I unknowingly built Pandora's Box. And then opened it... (Part 1)
I unknowingly built Pandora's Box. And then opened it... (Part 1)
The Chernobyl disaster was a coverup of something terrifying [Part 3]
How To Break A Man
My wife turned into a wendigo
I found someone's diary in an erotica novel (FINAL)
HOW TO BREAK A MAN
Being invisible is not what you think it’s like (Part 4)
Does anything we do actually mean anything?
Something followed me from the morgue. Part 2
I found a family living in a fallout shelter at the edge of town, and now I'm one of them (part one)
THE TWO HEADED MAN WILL SWALLOW THE WORLD
I was committed to an asylum for seven years. This was my first Day.
Something got attached at the morgue. PART 2
The Catholic Church Kept The Most Haunting Secrets
I'm a character stuck in a story written by a madman!
like a ticking time bomb.
I can feel the whole world's emotions, I'm just a day in advance
HOW TO BREAK A MAN
Aliens are the best at playing dress up
Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline is closed until further notice
The Cerberus Hungers for Flesh
The elsa doll
HOW TO BREAK A MAN
Thispersondoesnotexist.com
I saw a goddamn werewolf, that shit was terrifying. Or I think I did.
I Woke Up and the World Was Empty
The Seven
The Friend in the Closet
Never perform the Diablo Arana ritual.
Never perform the Diablo Arana ritual.
The Rain
Mr. Lore: My sister is sad, so I'm sad
Why am I not famous?
Charge of Quarters
Fourth of July Face Peel
The Blood On My Hands Is But Wine
I just found a secret base underground, right beneath the trees inside the forest [Part 1]
Fear
it might just be the devil, coming to get even.
A trip with "friends" that will forever haunt me
I've eluded law enforcement for four years by living in the woods. This is my story.
My Reoccurring nightmares has led me to an Evil Toilet
My Reoccurring Nightmares has led me to an Evil Toilet
Sociopath
I Drive The Ice Cream Truck Of Lost Souls (Part 3)
A Man In A Suit Has Been Following Me
I Just Needed a Job [Part One]
My neighbor might have been murdered by her daughter
I stalk celebrities, and there's no way my latest obsession is human
Resurrection Cemetery
Something crawled in my ear. Now it’s talking to me.
I just got off a strange skype call with my uncle. There's a deranged monkey in the house. It might have military grade combat skills.
He follows me backwards
Ok so. Graduated from USNSCC boot camp, but some horrific shit happened.
There is an unwanted guest in my house, and they won't leave
There's A New Drug In Town. Part Two.
In the Open Doorway (part 3) [FINAL]
I was nearly a murderer.
Don't Trust The Mailman On Oak Street
A little girl is always in my photographs
Today I retired as sheriff of Lamar County
They’re Putting Something Strange in our Fireworks
The White Blob
Something crawled in my ear. Now It won’t leave, and its talking to me
Tea, Dust and Bones
Please help. Something happened on a beach in New Zealand. Long story short, I think I’m in Spain.
I'm a celebrity stalker, and I don't think my latest obsession is human.Lost Angels
We Dared Him to Enter the Abandoned House
I don’t think the guy that pulled me over was a real cop
Your advice was terrible and I regret everything.
Please help. Something happened while I was on vacation in New Zealand and long story short I think I’m in Spain.
The Bradbury Hotel - (Part one)
Hey guys!
Keto Diet Natural Weight Loss Solution For Successful Diet Results | Helps Induce a Metabolic State of Ketosis | Supports Natural Weight Control | Supports a Healthy Metabolism | Order 3 Months Supply and Receive 2 Bottle Free = Total 5 Months Supply
Male period. Any advice???!!!
Male Period. Any help??!!!
I Hate My 4th Of July Memories
Grandma's 911 Calls: Noise Complaint
Of all people it had to be me...
The Man Who Kept Creeping Closer
This is how you kill a Wendigo
What I Inherited [Part 6]
I killed the Tall man (his name is Paul)
There's Something Sinister About the Fourth of July
Fireworks Are So Fun To Make!
I am Unable to sleep
It stalks me
A Demon In My Head Is Trying To Ruin My Life
If you get a text at 3:33 a.m., DO NOT reply
Epic Rap Battle: Gun Owner vs Liberal
Why I Will Never Drink Coca-Cola Again
My sister won't sleep. (Part 1)
"If You See A Hole In A Tree, NEVER Look Inside.."
My Baby Was Almost Possessed Before She Was Born
The Beginning: Ghost boy and his lover. Patient- Zane Murray.
The Devil In My Mirror
I think my cat is doing something horrible.
An Alternative Approach to Sleep Apnea
The Egg Game
The devil in my mirror
I don't have much time
I woke up to a post-apocalyptic world this morning, and I don’t remember what happened (Part 1)
Cupid's arrow reveals to people if their partners are cheating. I determine when that arrow flies.
In 2006 I was arrested at my neighbor’s backyard BBQ and pool party bash with 2 pounds of marijuana.
I don't have much time left
What I found in my grandma's basement will haunt me forever (part one)
In 2006 I was arrested at my neighbor’s backyard BBQ and pool party bash with 2 pounds of marijuana.
An Interesting Title.
I Build Traps For Monster Hunters
They took her from me
Demon bones don't go in the Dishwasher
Sleepless night
Guys, this is my last chance to repent for what I've done.
The Princeton High Sleepers
I think I died..?
I should have gone to the doctor
I Inherited My Father’s “Snuff” Box.
I was driving home in the hills late one night when something terrible happened...
I Seem to Remember Only Nightmare, Does Anyone Know Why?
Walt Disney frozen under Pirates of Caribbean ride
My friend Noah
Can you see her? I see them, can you ? -Pt 1
The Rain
I witnessed my parents' murders so I became a serial killer. {Part 2}
A Child Laughed As He Burned Alive
The Rain
I died and came back.
The Hangman Laughs With Childish Glee
My husband is driving but won’t stop staring at me
I saw something on my sister's phone that shouldn't exist
Life is a Fairytale...
Alexios Rosa, 12 years old, was burnt to death as a witch
Rain Isn't The Only Thing That Can Ruin The Fourth of July
Life is a Fairytale....
The Striders
There's something wrong with my arm
I keep putting off going to the doctor
The Striders
The mime who stalked me at night
He's Right, They're Not The Same
Me and some friends went looking for a missing kid. Now were missing too.
Derrick and the dark thing
There's Something Wrong With The Cows In Our Town And The Government Knows
I went to investigate a cursed cemetery
My Left Leg Mysteriously Disappeared
I work overnights at a truck stop... this place is strange Pt 1: the truck
Being invisible is not what you think it’s like (Part 3)
I'm a veterinarian. I hear the cries of dead animals at night. And that's not even the worst part.
SCP Fan Story
My near-death experience at the cottage
Thick hair
My near-death experience at the cottage
The Mare
The Man That Found God (Finale)
I almost died....until I heard her
I'm an attack helicopter pilot. My squadron was deployed for an unusual night escort mission.
My near-death experience at the cottage
Alexios Rosa Was Burned To Death For Witchcraft When He Was Twelve Years Old
I've Been in this Class for Three Days Now (Part 1)
I have to leave home, ASAP.
They are real
I Think I'll Skip Next Year's 4th of July Celebration at Brighter Futures
I Think I’ll Skip Next Year’s 4th of July Celebration at Brighter Futures
Barista of the Dead.
Comets &amp; Cow Worms
I consent to this studyAn Incident off the Coast of Baja, California, 1959
Four Pages
Hello Nosleep
Thank you, for everything.
The Unused Bathroom Stall
What I found inside a truck was truly terrifying pt2
The man who walks at night
The Knocking At The Windows
I work overnights at a truck stop... things are strange around here pt 1: the truck
Failed Exorcism is Not a Valid Medical Diagnosis
IV Leaves (iv)
You wanna be a r/NoSleep author? You gotta earn it.
Our usual babysitter was unavailable. Her replacement was...odd, to say the least.
You wanna be a /NoSleep author? You gotta earn it.
The Laughing Man
M y PhO nnne IS NOT r iiight.
In line at the airport
I keep seeing flashes of demons/I keep blacking out for hours at a time
He smokes Bahman cigarettes
Is there any creepypasta written originally in Serbian?
The Horror We Learn
Four Pages (Part Two)
The Horror We Learn
Doll face
Our new cornershop
The Intruder
A Warning, Just For You
A Warning, Just For You.
Cease and Desist
Why I made up the stupidest lie to get out of the Mental hospital part 3
Reality Check
I’m afraid of the dark
I used to work for a circus and it was good while it lasted
Why I made up the stupidest lie to get out of the Mental hospital
Curious (random) Question
Curious (random) Question
Why I made up the stupidest lie ever to get out of the Mental hospital
My girlfriend has a horrible eating habit
4 pages (part 1)
You wanna be a r/NoSleep author? You gotta earn it.
Don’t eat the Oreo’s
I'm have been a hunter all my life and something strange keeps happening at my hunting club
I keep to myself on the bus nowadays
I Want You (Final)
I am trapped in a bus; if I leave, I will die.
Last September (Ending)
You know how they say the government puts chemicals in your water? I'm the guy who puts them in.
I was abdopted by aliens (Part 3)
Dear people of no sleep what is one thing that has kept you up and aware for a whole day(or more)
I was Walking down the street and saw my best friend but she was... different..
The Book of Autonomancy: How to Banish a Demon Who Has Summoned You (Part 19)
Storm Up, Storm Down
The moment you put a thought to who God is, you have failed in trying to understand him.
My Poking Around the Internet Might be a Death Sentence [Part 1]
New narrator looking for stories
My tulpa turned on me.
Something stopped me from killing myself.
I am a psychiatric Nurse, One of my patients was being manifested by a demon.
Bad Things is Ouachita National Forest Part 1
The woman in the white dress.
Bad Things in the Ouachita National Forest Part 1
A love letter
Dear Veronica
I need help with these recent dreams I am having - Dream 1
Stalker [Part 1]
Harvesting Grounds
My name is Grayson Crane and this is how I met a teller witch in the Louisiana swamps
Will It Ever Stop Following Me?
The coast isn't safe (Part 1)
Across The Street
A very horrible story
Boca preto (Black Cove)
There’s evil in the woods.
Creature in the forest
There is a guy stalking me, I think
Modern Miasmics Pharmaceuticals ADMINISTRATOR RECOVERY ATTEMPT 002
We went on a road trip to meet my friend's true love, but we found something more sinister...
Into the night.
My mentor doesn't have patients, he has life support volunteers
LUST
The Forbidden Files~ D1/E4
The pictures I get daily are getting closer to my house.
The Spaces Between the Roads
Abyss Of The Mind (Part 2)
Has anyone ever heard of the Mist Monsters movies?
Rumors from the Ground
Be a good sister (part 2)
The man who stalks me
The new ice cream man in my town seems to be hiding something sinister. [Part 1]
Abyss Of The Mind (Day 3)
The man who stalked me
No Electricity
I saw everything...
My name is Ambrose Church. "Fireman Joe" helped me uncover my past and get revenge.
The man who stalks you
Something weird is going on with my cat.
The man who stalks you
I saw and felt everything, but I wish I didn't...
My wife, the Succubus (Part 1)
I thought my house was haunted - but it's actually meJackson Zissmier the Car Killer
“Never-ending Night terrors”
Internal Investigation Report 06-11-2019
My tinder date tried to murder me.
No One In My Family Ever Really Dies (Part Two)
Update on the Time Vortex on my property (pt 2)
"Be Thankful if You're One of the Ones Awake" -- Narrated
Update on my Problem Property [Series Part 2]
Little warnings. Big reveal.
I Am Donatella, And This Is How I Met My Husband
Last September
I worked security at a hospital for fifteen years. This is what finally made me quit.
Let's all go to the Carnival.
I'm a SWAT Officer who was sent to investigate an incident at a middle school. (Part 8)
Smiley
Last September
I can hear breathing, but it's not mine
I took part in an online scavenger hunt. I wish I hadn't...
Aliens are the best at playing dress up
Help! Each night is a nightmare!
My imaginary friend has been with me for ten years, but today it ends
Every night is a nightmare
Voices Over the Radio
Could I be haunted? Or is all the homes ive lived in haunted?
Could I be haunted or my new home be?
I found a notebook in an abandoned shed in the woods while camping. What it says is deeply disturbing. Part 1
Im considered a Medical Mystery but I know exactly what happened to me.
Killing Me Softly
My roommate
I'm a therapist, and my patient is intentionally infecting strangers with HIV [Part 3]
The true nature of reality will be revealed by 2025 by the international governing body of United Earth
I Interviewed A Politician
I Interviewed A Politician In An Old Church
Coffee Boy
I saw a man all in black sitting in my bed, now someone wants to kill me
I've been having nightmares about killing people for years. Today I found out they weren't dreams, and I know who's going to die next.
Our daughter came back... As a ghost.
My daughter finally came back, as a ghost...
During sleep paralysis, i felt a hand touching me sexually &amp; i could control the hand with my mind.
I think i’m dead and something took over my body
I Ordered a Deep Web Box and It Has Been The Biggest Mistake of My Life. Part 1
Bad Things in the Ouachita National Forest Part 2
Horror for a Friend feat. his unborn son
My highschool girlfriend and her mother stole my youth and my child.
I Just Got Married, and I Think There's Something Wrong with my Mother-in-Law (FINAL)
I Drive The Ice Cream Truck Of Lost Souls (Part Two)
I moved to the country and befriended an old man and his dog. I saw his life every time I looked in the mirror.
I found a notebook in an abandoned shed while camping. What is said is deeply disturbing. Part 1
I Work at the Darabont County Archives - Part Six C
My Friends who are Dead
The Holder
Craving for more..
I woke up this morning to a post-apocalyptic world, and I don’t remember anything. (Part 1)
The Moustache.
My daughter and her friend went to the banded place
The man watching me sleep
Playing House
The cat is concerned about me...
Bag' Em and Tag 'Em By Dale Drake.
The cat is concerned about me...
I wished that I knew who I was.
Our family is not like the others.
The Eyes. A fictional story
Hopscotch and Four Square
The modern mystery on why i cam mever fucking sleep
Modern Day Slavery
My Demon
Solution to Climate Change: Human Sacrifice
The People in my Office
I review nosleep stories. I shouldn’t have read this one.
Linger 1
I think I’m lost, can anyone help me get home?
Does a slight across the throat(thin enough)feel the same as their sliced across the rest
Dr. Bug-guy
I love my job and someone gets possessed every three years.
I watched a stranger's life fall apart on snapchat
I review nosleep stories. I shouldn’t have read this one.
Please
Water's Reflection
Furusato
[Part 1] The Sun Died: There's Someone Outside
[SERIES] The Sun Died: There's Someone Outside My House
"EARTH" remove R , add D then you have "DEATH" part 1
Just Saw A F*cking Thing In The Woods Outside
I was in the bed when i saw something.
I get the worst cramps every few months (entry 2)
Being invisible is not what you think it’s like (Part 2)
Weirdo at Target
The Farm
My brother has a secret that could change everything [Part 1]
My ex-girlfriend is stalking me.
Police Report No. 37 Dalton Highway (Part1)
I didn't even know
Những con người ở đáy xã hội?
Police Report No. 37 Joe Harris Found (Part 1/3)
I’ve been hearing noises at night and haven’t been able to sleep properly for a year and a half
I Fought The Alabama Anti-Abortion Law
I Want You 2
Police Report No. 37 Missing Person (Part 1/3)
Police Report 37 Missing Person on Dalton Highway (1/3)The Second Life
The Second Life
Sleep paralysis
I witnessed my parents' murders so I became a serial killer. {Part 1}
Terrifying Near Abduction
A Bit of Pickled Pumpkin
Single and deadly lol love to have fun, party, drink but not to pass out. Looking for someone real that I can call my ride and die bby girl that I can offer her the world.. I’m a hard working Mexican I’m an hvac tech make good amount of cash that I want share with my bby!!
Bad Things in the Ouachita National Forest Part 1
I’m a Medical Mystery. I know what happened to me, but nobody will believe me.
Grinchy
Childhood memory
Every day, a new reality
I think I Summoned Slenderman, and I Regret It
My Sisters Boyfriend
Him
He Can't Do Faces (Part 2)
I don’t even know what to do anymore she is comes and never leaves me please help the police can’t do anything anymore
I'm alone up here.
How I Helped Catch the Green Street Ripper
I'm alone up here.
The woods of Cape Noesc Maine.
The rain melted my first car
I Summoned the Something I Shouldn't Have
The Girl Who Caught My Eye
The Girl Who Caught My Eye
The Revisitors - Part 1
the hottest fraternity on campus
My Sisters Boyfriend
I found a notebook in an abandoned shed in the woods while camping. What it said is deeply disturbing. Part 1
I met Death and it was a she. (part 2)
An Addiction Story
I just got a letter from my friend who has been missing for months now, he has been fighting demons.
The Pool Watcher
I thought he was only in my head...
I trusted my gut feeling
Centipedes are unable to hurt you.
Campground Cult
Hopscotch and Four Square
the shameplant
Do not read this post. It is not for the faint of heart.
“Mother”
The Thing On Panther Top
Premonition
My friend gave me a voodoo doll that heals people. The healing comes at a price.
The Weather Down South Is Changing...
my neighbor is weird
Targeting For Dummies
Deep Dark Space
Working at Area 51 is actually pretty boring.
My Relationship Is Over
A Deep and Impenetrable Sadness
Targeting For Dummies
Let's have a child.
No longer human
No good deed goes unpunished
Midnight Flight
my strange brithmarks are starting to glow.
Watch out for Rubin Fairglube HES STILL ALIVE!!!
7 Signs of a Psychopath (3)
Camping Novel - HORROR
I work at a daycare, but I don't take care of children. This sub might be my only chance for advice.
This is the scariest sound in the world
The End of Man Part 1
I could be from an Alternate Reality.
I Love Talking To Strangers
The true nature of reality will be revealed by 2025
The Tune That Won't Let Me Sleep.
No one believes my right leg exists
Mr. Tom
I just remembered something really creepy from my childhood
Watch out for Rubin Fairglube HES STILL ALIVE!!!
I just remembered something really creepy from my childhood
Garfield
Vet techs see some weird stuff (part two)
Let's have a child.
From the pages of a P.I.'s journal
Why do they vanish?
I have a problem with an ex and I dont know how to get rid of her
I matched with a very weird girl on Tinder
Something truly terrifying is following me around
There is no explanation; my family vanished over night.
The Roadside Cross and the Farmhouse.
The Pit (part 4)
Men in Black (Part 1)
I hunt and kill Cryptids for a living.
I woke up to a post-apocalyptic world, and I don’t remember anything (Part 1)
My Uncle is acting really strange
I'm a therapist, and my patient is intentionally infecting strangers with HIV [Part 2]
The Apprentice
Even in death
Devil Music. ( part 1 )
There's a Cult in My Neighbourhood (Part 1)
No good deed goes unpunished
I just moved back in to care for my aunt. My basement needed an exorcist.
I just turned 21 a few months ago, and I'm going to die by the end of the year.
An interesting day at school
Papa’s on the lamb.
There is something off with my Landlord [Part 1]
My Sisters Boyfriend
They've been observing me, my entire life.Hylophobia- The fear of forests.
How I became an illegal alien
There's Something Living Inside My Rib Cage (Part 1)
I’ll always be running from him [trigger warning]
There's something living in my rib cage. (Part I)
That's right.
Meaning Comes not out of Death, but the Life that Came Before it
For the wicked
A Sick Fuck In The Forset
An Interesting Interaction
I Was A Station Master and I Saw A Train that Wasn't Supposed to be There
It's Not the Stairway to Heaven, But it's Not the Stairwell to Hell, Either.
There Are Some Sick Fucks Lurking About In The Forest At Night (My True Horrific Hunting Story)
Mr. Blue wants to make a game out of you.
I fell in love with a beautiful ass, but I just ended up getting donkey punched.
The succ
Demon in the dark.
There Are Sick Fucks At The Forest At Night. (My True Horrifying Hunting Experience)
Little warnings. Big reveal.
I Just Got Married, and I Think There's Something Wrong with my Mother-in-Law (Part Three)
What's happening to my highschool?
My class got stuck in a field trip
My Sisters Boyfriend
There's a Cult in My Neighbourhood (Part 1)
Never Attend a Therapy Session with a Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline Counselor
Something large has me trapped in my shed
There is a needle hunting me.
Something larrg has me trapped in my shed
Grease
I can tell how your going to die: Part 1 - The gift.
Dreams do come true.
Filling in the Void
All about Jamie; a confession.
The Calls
A strange door appeared in the back of my classroom
I met evil when i was only a child.
I was taken from my home
Devil Music. ( part 1 )
Red Snow Part 1
Something Strange Is Going On Next Door (Part 2)
A
My friend and I walked out of class for a moment. We came back early but everyone was gone. (Part 1)
Strong language
Lost Angels.
Tapping on window
I quit
Alternative Healing
My name is Dr. Jack Hernandez, and I've been roped into an unusual job.
cat-sitting
I found some dried poop crust in a truck stop bathroom
Time rewinds randomly, and I'm the only one who remembers anything
Kill Yourself and Apply Today!
How I became an illegal alien
Modern Miasmics Pharmaceuticals ADMINISTRATOR RECOVERY ATTEMPT 002
Disney 2004
My wife recently got a job at Black Cedar Academy
I Found A Mans Journal In My Desk (Part 1)
Being invisible is not what you think it’s like (Part 1)
I run a halal food cart
My Parents Came To Visit: I Wish They Didn't
Death is Calling...!
My uncle killed himself to save our family from a nameless horror. Now it's my turn. (Part 2)
Ms.Patterson Was My High School Librarian
The Forgotten Box of Horrors
Since the first time I died, I've fallen in love with the angel of death (Part 7)
I live a double life. And I’m tired.
Modern Miasmics Pharmaceuticals ADMINISTRATOR RECOVERY ATTEMPT 002
Fades
The “infected” machine (Part 1)
Lost Angels
Something is wrong with your grandma
Reincarnation? Rebirth?
Dog knows best...
I Want You
Stranger Has Disconnected
A biker keeps passing me, and weird things happen when he does (part 1)
I Hunt Cryptids For A Living. It’s Harder Than You Think (Part 4)
A Coma Dream Ended Up Being Real
Ataraxia
I had a nightmare that had constantly haunted me. Until one day it just stopped.
I hate being home alone.
I run an anomaly intervention task force.
Something took a battery out.
Amma
The Beginning: Rouge Therapist. Patient Violet Castor
Back to School by chance the rapper?
My Abnormal, But True, Childhood:[Part 1]: "Grandma"
Something slipped under my garage door last night
I love my job and this is how I indirectly killed my boss.
The Beginning: Rouge therapist. Patient- Violet Caster.
There’s a loud ringing in my head and I think I found a way to stop it.
I Found a 47 TB Folder on my 128 GB Laptop [Part 2]
Something latched on to me.
Currently laying next to sleepwalking girl.need help
I Found a 47 TB Folder on my 128 GB Laptop
How I killed my first monster
Alone
How I killed my first monster.
I narrated my story: "Be Thankful if You're One of the Ones Awake"
May Contest Voting ThreadMy New Medication Changed My Body. (Part 1)
Julia [PART ONE]
The Monkey On My Back
What Was In the Drainage Pipe
My New Medication Changed Me. (P1)
My nightmare was about the rake creepypasta!😨😱😫😩😴!!!!!
Inhuman Monster (Part Two)
Transcript - Incident Report
Do Not Invite Them In
Transcript - Incident Report
Weird Thuds??? Answers?
When The Owls Start Talking, Don't Drink The Water
Its a strange amusement park
When The Owls Start Talking, Don't Drink the Water
When Owls Start Talking, Don't Drink The Water
The case I was on had 718 Disappearances linked to it.
I received an invitation to a hotel event. I wish I hadn't gone there.
I received an invitation to a hotel event. I wish I hadn't gone there.
I found a strange VHS tape in a thrift store
The dark can't hurt you.
Let the Fungus Take Me
I need help finding this video...I don't know where else to post this...
What a dream.
The Government is Beginning The Apocalypse
I keep getting these random fines and I don't know what to do about it...
black figure down the road
What happened to Catherine that scared our whole school
No One In My Family Ever Really Dies
My hotel stay from hell....literally
It's spider season
Something truly terrifying is following me around (Pt 1)
The Heart of the Devil’s Desert
7 Signs of a Psychopath (2)
Our cousin is a psycho, and tried a rape attempt on my 13 year old sister.
The recurring room phenomena
My research into an obscure horror game took a sinister turn
My brother recently commited sucide. The contents of his journal are really messing with my head.
I found this letter in my grandfather's belongings
I Explored a Drainage Pipe When I was 10. It was Terrifying.
The Man in Black
Something is Clearly Wrong In This Apartment
My friend and I track down Asia's unknown and keep them in check
I once knew a man named Seein' Joe. He could see the future, but his vision failed him when it mattered most.
Lost Angels
Are You Listening?
The Ghost Town I Moved To
Something Is Happening in Tevam Sound (Part 3)
I Slept On One Mattress, That’s All It Took
I had a dream my limbs became horribly misshaped, I'm afraid it's coming true.
the pretty clown
I had lunch with a Navy Vet, and now I'm scared of the Ocean.
The world ended last night and nobody remembers (Part 3)
The Eye That Watches Me (Update)
I run a halal food cart
I found a strange VHS tape in a thrift store
Anti and datk
The Masked Man
Cant sleep ? Fill out this Study Abroad Questionnaire: Very Short
The recurring room phenomena
I work full time at a hotel, weird things happen here... (Part 1)
The Man That Found God (Part 3)
A Park Ranger's Tale
The Forbidden Files~ D1/E3
El Camino del Diablo- The Highway of the Devil
What did he want from us?
The Old Man
The Backyard: The Shed (Part One)
Shiny and Smooth
I have unleashed a monster in this town. I am sorry 😭
We're looking for new moderators again!
A cult is keeping me captive.
A Story About My Unpaid Labor
I Drive The Ice Cream Truck of Lost Souls (part 1)
I'm a therapist, and my patient is intentionally infecting strangers with HIV
Testimonial
The abyss has eyes
In high school, I dated a girl that could see spirits. Here’s why I believed her.
I’m high school, I dated a girl that said she could see “spirits.” Here’s why I believed her
My little brother started speaking backwards.
come on down to Jager's meat shop
The Poet's Walk
Tuesday Fiona
I don’t love him
It’s hard to see them dead. (Part 2)
A Moving-Home Paranormal Experience
There is a ghost at my school.
what's tripping the alarm ?
Proof That The Steineski Effect is Real [Part 1]
The Man in The Woods
Masked man in my head, or not?
Please let me go.
let me end my life. let me go.
They Come In Between the Seconds
Some Twisted, Biological Icarus: This is How It Starts.
My mom won't stop turning off my radio.
It was the coolest item at the flea market.
I thought I had found the coolest item.
I found a secret door that keeps vanishing
He Can't Do Faces (Part 1)
I Think Something's Wrong With My SonThe Saguaro National Park
He Can't Do Faces (Part 1)
He Can't Do Faces (Part I)
What I found inside a truck was truly terrifying
He Can't Do Faces (Part I)
I've been seeing flickering lights in my backwoods for 3 weeks... I don't know what to do anymore
Small man in my attic
I'm Dead
I Can't Seem To Remember My Dreams
There was a small man in my attic
The Pit (part 4)
There's a woman crying in my closet
Something Came Home With Our Son
Next time you have sleep paralysis just listen.
I was locked in detention. The last day before the school was abandoned
I grew up in a small, exclusive gated community - PART 3
El Camino del Diablo- The Devil’s Highway
What the hell pricked me? Part 3
Stall
Calluses
That's no deer
The stall.
My fried chicken-loving demon roommate is back in town from his trial in Hell, but he isn’t here for a vacation. He’s back because someone, or something, is trying to kill me. (Part 4)
Explain please.
Dead animals keep washing up on my beach, and then their carcasses disappear the next day.
Modern Miasmics Pharmaceuticals ADMINISTRATOR RECOVERY ATTEMPT 001
It’s hard to see them dead. (Part 2)
Modern Miasmics Pharmaceuticals (ADMIN RECOVERY ATTEMPT 001)
Something Strange Is Going On Next Door
Another day as a scout
My Angel
How could I not know..
My Brother's Experience With the Stairways
The church bells in my hometown went off,Everybody's gone.
Scarlet
I Went To Interview Two NoSleep Writers... But I Think They’re The Same Person
A renegade sheriff is after me. He killed my friends.
Crypticzoology (Part 1) (OC)
Do not read this, it is not for the faint of heart.
I Think My Horoscope Can Tell The Future.
Lately My Horoscope Has Been Off.
I visited the ghost city of Ordos in Inner Mongolia, China for urban exploration. I stumbled across a horrible conspiracy.
My Horoscope Has Been Making Me Uneasy.
Why was he in my house?
Missing girl.
PROPER Stories #3: The Art of the Ritual
I'm looking for a story from my childhood (Graphic Content)
I have a condition that influences electronics, and the condition is often deadly (FINALE)
I have a condition that influences electronics, but that condition is often deadly (part 3)
Blood Law (FINAL)
The Astaroth Case Files: First Person Shooter
I remembered a story a from my childhood. (Graphic warning)
An Unsettling Town
What is the purpose of life?
Crawling Humanoid In Oregon
I work as a sleep analyst and I have some weird stories I need to share
The one who sees all.
This Is How It Starts.
I work as a sleep analyst and I have some weird stories I need to tell
My mom won't stop turning off my radio.
The clog in my shower drain
I think I'm being stalked. Please give advice.
The one who sees my actions.
come on down to Jager's meat and poultry store
My mother won't stop turning my radio off.
I found someone's diary in an erotica novel (Part Two)
I was a psychiatrist at St. Dymphna's Psychiatric Hospital
The parent of the thing that killed my friend is after me three years later.
The creatures in my home
I found a 47 TB folder on my 128 GB laptop
The Disease
It’s hard to see them dead. (Part 2)
Shadow person
You’ve Probably Never Heard of Disney’s Abandoned Theme Park in St. Louis, Mo
I'm learning the true cost of creating antibodies. This is just the beginning.
My Friend's Family Has A Terrifying Secret
Bodies Are Growing in My House
My Friend's Creepy Story (Part One)
Cipher.txt
Calling all Dr. creepen fans
I love my job - Amabel's story
Shots
I found this in the memos on my phone this morning, I don't remember writing this
7 Signs of a Psychopath
When Uncle Isaac Came to Visit [Part 2]
Murder Simulator VR
Do Be Afraid Of The Dark
I’m scared…
An idea I've had
I found this letter in my grandfather's belongings
I Am Thinking About It Again
My grandfather and I went on a road trip, and he taught me about death in the worst way possible.
The Figures (Part 3)
My friend saw a boy standing in the middle of the road. 3 days later, she killed herself
The stall ( part 1 )
I think the mean girl in 7th grade was a witch
The Dead Talk to Me But I Don't Know What They Mean
I'll Never Forget The First Time I Lost My Memories
Do Not Invite Them In
DO NOT ASTRAL PROJECTLet's get Physical!
It wont leave me alone
I Saw Ghosts In The Woods
Death's Miracles
I made a mistake and now I'm facing the consequences.
There’s Something Wrong in This City..
The woodsmen
Damn I really shouldn’t cook
Strange Website
A guest at my motel asked me to post his story. He looked like he went through hell… – Final Part
Someone tried to break into my bedroom
IRL Social Media
Nice Things
Someone tried to break into my bedroom
Do You Feel Them Crawling?
Is it okay to be part of the LGBTQ community? I know the answer...(Part 1)
There Are Body Parts In The Water
Never had a problem with Logitech before but my webcam set to motion detection keeps recording randomly when nothing is moving.
Vet techs see some weird stuff
If You're Near A River, Don't Drink The Water. Someone's Spreading A Virus
Weird Website
Business Man's Special
My mother made a deal with the devil now I'm suffering the consequences
Minami-Iwo Island That Year… (Part 2)
My mother made a deal with the devil now I'm suffering the consequences.
They're Not The Same
Last Night
The donkeys in my village are behaving strange
Are The Owls In Your Town Acting Strange? Get Out Now
I had a rough night at work.
No refunds for curses
Something's wrong with my town.
Wildfire Ashes
I'm alive post removed. Find me post removed. Erase me from yourself.
The Boys in the Lake
I am alive post removed I am alive post removed prove my existence.
Do Be Afraid Of The Dark
My mother made a deal with the devil now I'm suffering the consequences
At the foot of the door
I
Dungeons and Dragons Pt.1
Are The Owls In Your Town Acting Strange ? Get Out Now.
The Pit (part 3)
My "Dungeons and dragons" game Pt.1
Maria
The 'perfect' score
I am a serial killer who has to withhold his urges for bloodlust when I'm with my companion
I'm a vampire. You're all going to die in a few weeks.
Buzz buzz
Join My Discord
"bus 38"
The Book of Autonomancy (Part 18)
The Fast Thing
I have been stuck in a hellish universe for several years (Part one)
I grew up in a small, exclusive gated community - PART 2
It’s hard to see them dead.
The Horror Of My Aunt's House
You smelled like dry wood
A Dark Corner (Part 2)
I live in Alaska, And I too have some stories to tell
The Void
The Ghost In The Retirement Home
Happy Tom
I'm a donkey worshipping cultist and I am being targeted by evil clowns from the depths of Hell.
Depression
I jokingly spoke to my webcam.. and it responded to me..
I have read one page of an Arabian magic book, it was a mistake!
The things in the corner
That Night
I Just Got Married, and I Think There’s Something Wrong with my Mother-in-Law (Part Two)
A Dark Corner
Do You Believe In the Dead attempting to Speak to You?
There’s something else in my house.
Above the Cafe
Little Boys Who Kick And Punch End Up As The Monster's Lunch
the man in black
That Night
From the pages of a P.I.'s journal
There are killer donkeys on the loose and it's my fault
What I Inherited [Part 5]
Something Lives in the Warehouse
No refunds for curses
The River
I should have quit my job at the movie theatre (Part II)
Something's not right
Red Room (Japanese Urban Legend)
The Ghost In The Retirement Home
I think there is someone in my house
I read an article on this sub-reddit I thought was fiction, until the monsters in the story came for me.
I know who runs the internet..
There's something other worldly under this Juvenile detention centre
I came home to find my mother's decaying corpse in my sisters bed
Does God Ever Check in with The Lizard Lounge?
Catch 'Em All! No, Really.
Few years ago, I read a story on this sub-reddit that I wrote off as a work of fiction, but that was until the monsters in the story came for me.
Oklahoma's Supernatural Spectrum
It whispered my name Part 1
I used to be a Park Ranger
I found out who runs the internet..
The Burden Beast2020 Audi R8 Coupe Quattro S Tronic V10
The Ghost In The Retirement Home
My Wife Left Four Incognito Tabs Open
Natural Sleep Solution For Better Sleep At Night Results | Start To Sleep Well At Night Time Now!
The evil inside you
Requiem For The Horror Narrator
My house is haunted and the ghost is friendly .+my the weird toy
I tried to escape reality and now I'm paying the price
I’m a Donkey and My Herd and I are Delivering Ourselves from Servitude, No Matter the Cost
Victorian mirror kills whoever cleans it
I thought this is a subreddit for insomniacs
A Whispering Gallery
When Uncle Isaac Came to Visit [Part 1]
Abyss Of The Mind
The Fobidden Files~ D1/E2
Marital Issues
When Uncle Isaac Came To Visit [1/2]
Strength In Numbers
I love my job and I need to clarify a few things
Who Are You?
There are a lot of things in the deep dark woods
The Old Man with the Burlap sack
Just Hurting Yourself
Memes be Dreams, Dreams be memes. And I dreamed of memes that kept me woke
Slaves of fate
The Owls In the Forest Can Talk
Today, I'm going to burn down my school
Three Days In Hell - Easter Monday
I'm slowly losing grasp of the sanity left in me.
He told me doing drugs would open my mind, he was right. (Finale)
He told me doing drugs would open my mind, he was right. (Finale)
I Didn't Believe in Ghosts Until I Met My Husband - Part 2
Me and my wife saw something weird
Vanishing Woods.
The Doorbell
I Saw Things That Were More Than Real (part 1)
Yesterday I Killed Four Of My Classmates. Today I Have To Burn Down My School.
Yesterday I Killed Four Of My Classmates. Today, I Need To Burn Down My School
My sister keeps having hallucinations and the doctors say there's nothing wrong with her. (Part 1)
Yesterday, I killed four of my classmates. Today, I need to burn down my school.
DO NOT ASTRAL PROJECT
The dead can't speak, but are you listening closely?
My Airplane Didn't Move | part 2
I Can See to the Other Side
Selling My Dirty Panties Online Is Killing Me
Falling
A dark figure hovers over me during sleep paralysis, but now it is following me even when I’m awake.
Noises behind the door
The case I was on had 718 disappearances linked to it. (Part 1)
The case I was on had 718 Disappearances linked to it. (Part 1)
(Short) mornings are getting strange
My Dead Daughter Ruined My F__cking Life [Part 2]
My dreams tell me how ill die
Papa’s wafers
Old Town in the mountains
I am A Doctor in A Small Hospital Located in an Isolated Village and We Had a Strange Patient
I thought that taking a vacation was supposed to be peacefull.
The statue in the corner
The Elevator Game won't work anymore and I know why (Part 2)
I'll never forget the first time I lost my memories
Does anyone else have the same expirience?
Will I find help here
The Laughing Man
My Skinwalker Experience
They can see us
Inhuman Monster
The Lights
so yea this shit happened and im terrified
The Laughing Man
I should have quit my job at the movie theatre
I should have quit my job at the movie theater
The Pit (part 2)
The Ghost In The Retirement Home
The Ghost In The Retirement Home
The thief who wished to steal the world (Part 3) or: This little piggy went to the meat market.
The Ghost In The Retirement Home
Be a good sister (part 1)
I am a spectral detective. Today, I saw a dog with a human face.
Please, run and hide.
Your Friendly Neighborhood Wendigo
I tried to sleep, now I'm sinking into my bed.
I tried to sleep, now I'm sinking into my bed and I can't get up
I am Scarlicty, and my Supervillain father has become a Serial Killer. Now he's missing.
I think I'm going crazy developing this game at night
SKELETRON PRIME HAS AWOKEN!
I think I'm going crazy developing this game at night
SKELETRON PRIME HAS AWOKEN!
What if
My upstairs friend
Every night I hear five knocks at the window.
A ruined night walk.
The man of the night
I found this letter in my great grandfather's belongings.
My wife is decomposing and doesn’t seem to notice
The Doll in the Closet
Sorry, I was talking to myself
I’m trapped in a tv show, I think.
I’m A Veterinarian And Something Is Really Wrong With The Donkeys In My Town
The Dream That Ripped My Life Away
An inexplicable noise that happened years ago still haunts me to this day.Work Lunch
My demon dog was my protector
Inexplicable laughing still haunts me to this day.
Death?
Static on The Record.
Two dudes with machetes
Last night something happened that I can't explain.
Any haunted/scary places in Michigan?
I found the coolest ring...
Rerouting
What I Inherited [Part 4]
The Beast of 29 Palms
What happened in the night
County Road 14
I'm a psych nurse and I think my patient communicated with the devil
I am going to be free.
THE MIDNIGHT MAN
This is what made me believe in ghosts The midnight man
The devil
The Dream That Ripped My Life Away
Get Happy!
Playing With Tarot Cards
My malware became sentient and is blaming me for it's existential crisis
My Love
I've discovered an old bedroom in my attic... UPDATE 1
Found a notebook from a teenager named Eric Bachman
"Don't scream"
The Weird Thing....
Something is Watching Me From the Woods (Part 3)
Amazon Prime keeps sending very unexpected things to my house.
I think a ghost living in my vents warned me of something and I'm scared it may be soon
Dead Girl's Keyboard - Part 1
I was chosen, along with a bunch of other misfits.
Limbo.
My Name Is Eddie And I Didn't Mean To Let The Monster Out. Can You Find It In Your Heart To Forgive Me?
Fear: mini-game for Android
I couldn't tell if he cared about me or not, so I kept killing people for him until I knew I was safe.
Family Fun! Right?
Dear Ashley (part 1)
These things are outside my house
The Shadow Man
I was almost kidnapped
my airplane didn't move | part 1
I Went Down to the Crossroads and Met Something Worse than Satan
A Crappy Agreement [1]
Fear: mini-game for Android
Dead Girl's Keyboard - Part 1
The Woods of Alaska
The thief who wished to steal the world (Part 3) or: This little piggy went to the meat market.
The thief who wished to steal the world (Part 3) or: This little piggy went to the meat market.
My grandmother has been keeping me a secret for 16 years. Now I know why.
The Call Center
My Story about my Television and Long Neck Woman
We Checked Out Haunted Bar
One vacation cost me both of my daughters
The Crashing of Glass
A Small Town
The Flat Upstairs
If I Ever Believed in Logic, That Belief is Gone {2}
We Found Something Under the Ice in the Antarctic.
My town buries people at night.
Shoot
Mouth Holes
The office next to me has always been empty
Howler
I Just Got Married, and I Think There’s Something Wrong with my Mother-in-Law
A guest at my motel asked me to post his story. He looked like he went through hell… – Part 8
I Quit 911 Not Because Of The Calls But Because Of My Supervisor
Dreaming of Fire
Kakurenbo
I think a spirit or something evil possesses my mirror. Please help..
I can smell death; I think something's about to happen
Notes to self
I think a spirit or something evil possesses my mirror.. Please help
I found someone's diary in an erotica novel
I think a spirit or something evil possesses my mirror.. need help
It had a head of a moose
I think a spirit or something evil possesses my mirror.. need help
The Woods of Alaska
Dreaming
My encounter with the devil.
Why would you believe the Inquisition is real ?
Creepy Camp Crywood
We went inside the Albino House.
The diaries of Jonas Pt.1
Holly
and we went to sleep
She Was Eating Her Own Flesh..
Cowboy Of Desire
Halloween Bust
My Friends Eat Bad People. They've Been Growing Hungry
Me And My Friend Tried Late Night Bowling (FINALE)
and we went to sleep
Me And My Friend Tried Late Night Bowling
I just wanted to write something good
I was hunted by 2 clowns during a hike
Nameless Faces
Ran out of oxygen scuba diving bottom of a murky lake
Spiderdance (Part 2)
Ran out of oxygen scuba diving bottom of murky lakeI've Been Having Disturbing Dreams. I Think They Kill People
Carnivore
Night shift
An Encounter on the Farm
My little sister was the most harmless kid on the block, but then she started playing Call of Duty. (FINALE)
Stopover At A Weird Walmart
My Teacher Was Eaten Alive
Something I have to inform you about
Stuck underwater no oxygen scuba diving
For the sake of my children.
Girlfriend Construction Kit
Perfection
Be a good sister (part 1)
Everybody in this village cries at night
Liminal Spaces
My family runs an all you can eat buffet. -FINAL-
I Found A Recipe Box Service On The Dark Web (Part Two)
PROPER Stories #2: Tune In And Let It All Out
My son's camera monitor alerted in the middle of the night. I checked it and saw my wife and son sitting on the bed. They weren't my wife and son. - Part 2
The autopsy of my daughter’s killer part 2
"Don't scream"
Hostages
Mr. Lore: Let's go on an adventure!
Carnivore
"Don't Scream"
Hostages (preview, full explanation coming)
Incident in Wallstreet
PROPER Stories #2: Tune In And Let It All Out
Somehow I've lost my name, and I'm not sure how to get it back, or if I even should.
I am a former Soviet soldier who fought in World War Two. I have some stories I need to tell you about what I saw in war (Part 2)
N1ggaaaaaa
Dishwasher
Re: The End
My Teacher is Rude
Abandoned factory night trip
I just called my brother from downstairs, but im not down there. Final
I can still feel the shackles.
Do Not Invite Them In
My first visit to a place beyond reality
Somebody Who Will Never Leave Me
I am a former Soviet soldier who fought in World War Two. I have some stories I need to tell you about what I saw in war (Part II)
send me scary stories/threads!!
Missing people in Alaska
Being hero gone wrong.
I Sold My Truck For Scrap, and Someone Died As A Result
Tell me any scary story you have or share some scary threads !
Tomorrow will be different, I swear [Part 2]
What...the Hell (Part 2)
What...the Hell (Part 2)
Spooky chanting in Elysian Park tonight
What I found in the woods behind my house....
The pit (part 1)
look up
I often fall into a different realm and I need your help.
I grew up in a small, exclusive gated community.
bruh
There's a club near Chinatown that plays blasphemous music called witch house. Stay the hell away.
What....the Hell (Part 2)
A note from a dead astronaut.
Your Friendly Neighborhood Wendigo
My best friend
There’s a reason Gary, Indiana is so fucking awful.
15 Minutes
What the Ouija Board revealed about my missing friend
What the Ouija Board revealed about my missing friend
RUN, NOW
My encounter with something I cannot explain.
I think somebody committed suicide at work
Desert Nights
I Was Claimed By A Skinwalker
I Hunt Cryptids For A Living. It’s Harder Than You Think. (Part 3)
I Hunt Cryptids For A Living. It’s Harder Than You Think. (Part 3)
I’m not sleeping tonight
I think someone committed suicide at work
The autopsy of my daughter’s killer part 2
What.....the Hell (Part 2)
Holly
The autopsy of my daughter’s killer part 2.
I tried to return a lost dog last night
My first visit to The Backrooms.
My Study in Crimson
What I Inherited [Part 3]
When an obsession goes too far.
The Most Popular Girl In School
I Am a Psychopath
Trevor's Tales S1E2: A Dream Within A Dream~
An Incident in New Mexico, 1954
The Rober Part Two
Secrets
I tested a device that lets you see what others are seeing. No matter how horrible it is.
Don't listen to seashells (Part 1)
Trevor's Tales S1E2: A Dream Within A Dream~
The Killing House [Part 2]
The autopsy of my daughter’s killer part 2.
I was given a journal, and now I can't leave this town. [Part 1]
Needle and Thread (part 2)
People feel compelled to tell me their darkest secrets.
I Think My Guardian Angel Might Be A Serial Killer (Part 1)
People feel compelled to tell me their darkest secret.
These are a few things that have happened to me in my haunted house.I'm a farmer and my donkeys got out and murdered everyone. I'm so sorry.
Super Mario 606
Carmen Winstead
My sister collected hair
DO NOT GO IN THE FOREST
The Astaroth Case Files: The Fallen Ones
The predator in the forest
This is the scariest thing that has ever happened to me
Top Hat Man
The Eyes Beyond the Wall
Of Those Below
The Dishwasher (Trigger Warning/NSFW)
This is the scariest thing that I have experienced.
I'm a SWAT Officer who was sent to investigate an incident at a middle school. (Part 7)
Roblox hacker?
What flair do you use in this subreddit for stories?
Encounter With Tall White Figure In Forest At Night B.C Canada
I am no longer eating cheese
Natural Prostate Health Support Solution For Men's | Improve And Maintain Prostate Health
I don't care if the stories are related or not they are well fucking written.
The Appointment
Camp Red Mill
(Part 1) I created a robot that runs off no power source. Only, I have no idea how I did it.
My great great grandmothers house
HowTo?
I created a robot that uses no power source. Only, I have no idea how I did it. [P1]
Everyone is Asleep...
Soap sally
Digging
A continuation of me being screwed.
Therapy doctor for my nightmare
This will be an eventful summer
My Twin Died but Our Connection Didn't - Part 3
Please read
My Twin Died but Our Connection Didn't (Part 3/3)
Interrogation might not be the answer. (part 1)
This will be an eventful summer.
My Teacher Was Eaten Alive.
Please read
My best friend's mom was super fucking hot
Please if you see this don’t respond
THANK YOU FOR NOT TURNING ON THE LIGHT
I'm a manager at Chuck E Cheese Restaurant (PART 7)
Smile it’s fun
I'm not what you think I am.
The thief who wished to steal the world (Part 2) or: This little piggy went to the meat market.
(FINAL) Did you get the alert?
Help me
I've fallen madly in love with my abusive husband's cadaver.
The Man That Found God (Part 2)
there is something in my walls
(Final) Did you get the alert?
I've discovered an old bedroom in my attic...
The Woman from the Creek
I discovered an old bedroom in what is supposed to be my attic... [Series 1]
Greta
I've discovered an entire bedroom in my attic
Terrified
The Man in the Mirror Part 1
Something Is Happening in Tevam Sound (Part 2)
The Man in the Mirror Part 1
In the history of Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline, there have three active police investigations. I suspect there is about to be a fourth.
PROPER Stories #1: An Introduction, Evil Happens
Witness Identification
The Man Who Was Always Late
And the Gorillas Went Apeshit
The autopsy of my daughter’s killer.
The autopsy of my daughter’s killer.
I'm a young architect tasked with the edification of some strange new land located in the Middle East.
Im so sorry
i see things
Blood Bank
I Fancied Using Glass Windows as Mirrors Until
The sound of death
This is real plz dont say it isnt.
Run fast or they’ll eat ass.
The Hunger
I want to share a story
Do Not Invite Them In
What Happened at the Neighbour House Wasn't My Fault!
Oh, dream weaver (when is he coming?)
My Dad Called Me In The Middle Of The Night
Haunted since Christmas
What.... the actual hell.
What lies beneath.
Since the first time I died, I've fallen in love with the angel of death (Part 6)
White night
My family rented a house for a reunion, now half of the people have gone missing
If ur bored this is a good read
It’s currently 3:30 A.M and the screaming won’t stop.
Have you seen the things that walk around at night?
If Your Phone Buffers, Throw It Away
When Your Phone Buffers, You Should Be Concerned
The woods are a dangerous place
My name is Jake Adams, and I'm stuck on the moon.
They keep getting LOUDER!
The Rockford Culvert Crawler Strikes Again
My encounter with something I cannot explain.
Something is Strange in Venice (Part 1)
The Man Who Was Always LateSomething is strange in Venice
There is something strange about my cousin Royce (part three)
Rustyodine Byroglycide
Somethings wrong...I'm scared to be here alone, and now there is no help for me.
I kept a burner phone
I think Dad needs a new job
Blackdog - Transcriptions of A Lost YouTube Ghosthunting Show...
Creepy trip to the train station
There's something in my new house with me. (Part Two)
Can’t find a story I heard, now I’m scared I wrote it
There’s a giant person in the sky (part 2)
The Crying Blonde
How my daughter took the life of my wife
Odd figure in ran down church
Back from the library. Some answers, more questions.
The swamps of Louisiana hold more than secrets
I Inherited My Grandfather's House and His Nightmare (Part 3)
I summoned a demon so you guys would like me.
Girl hitchhiker
I summoned a demon so you guys would like me.
Voices and Footsteps. Am I crazy?
PagerDuty saved my life
Shadow Veil
The Highway
If I Ever Believed in Logic, That Belief is Gone
People in the walls {Part 1}
The Hooded deamon
Where there's smoke there's not always fire
All I Wanted was to Live...
Clicker Training
I keep hearing a weird scratching under my floorboards, and it’s either a rat or something much weirder.
My Dream Job Became A Living Nightmare
About my blackouts.
My name is Jake Adams, and I am stuck in space.
There’s something scratching under my floorboards, and it’s either a very smart rat or something much weirder
What I Inherited [Part 2]
The Rober
My name is Jake Adams, and I'm stuck in space.
Smoke Break
Something terrible has brought me back from death.
Encounter With Tall White Figure In Forest, B.C Canada, Drawing included
When you die on the internet
My life has become like a "Choose your own adventure" book.
Encounter With Tall White Figure In Forest ( B.C Canada)
The road to nowhere
Monstrosities of the Mind- A miniseries about OCD
I inherited a mansion. Now I have unwanted guests.
I have a condition that influences electronics, but my condition is often deadly (part 2)
I’m a cop and there’s a pack of donkeys going around slaughtering people. It’s up to me and my own donkey to stop them.
I Posted A Story On No Sleep A Year Ago. But I Didn't Write It.
Night shift
Something going on in my town and I don’t like it
Grandma Bee Model 3
Something weird happing in my town
I work at NASA. We have never discovered alien life.
I thought I just had a Dissociative Disorder,now I really wish I did.
The Wasps. Part 1
I thought I just had a Dissociative Disorder,now I really wish I did.
Flair
I have a condition that influences electronics, but my condition is often deadly (part 2)
Searching for a story
A girl from behind the stove
I’ll find him.
Whatever you do, don't stare at the trees!
my mother, of alabaster and gold.
I Got Caught In A California Wildfire Yesterday. There Was Something Horrifying Inside Of It.
My Dog keeps barking at ME.
The nightmare me and my friends went through two weeks ago...
Hotel California
Anarchy
A guest at my motel asked me to post his story. He looked like he went through hell… – Part 7
The Lady In The Black Veil
I think I inherited a murder house (finale)
when i played the ouija board in seventh grade **PT 1**
God has abandoned us
Every night at 1:26 AM a portal opens outside my home. Let me tell you what has come out of it. Part 2 Final
Mommy passed away, but she still won’t leave me alone
The thief who wished to steal the world (Part 1)
I used to live in an extremely haunted house
I Saw Something In The Ice Storm
Lone Oak Academy Pt. 2 - The Speakers Sound Possessed
I know why he wouldn’t tell me.
Allison
Fate seems to have taken a turn, but who can say which way?
(Lone Oak Academy Pt. 2) - The Speakers Sound Possessed
A strange infomercial
My name is Drew Jackson
Home alone... At night
Fear: mini-game for Android
I work at NASA. We have never made alien contact.
My Childhood Experiences In A Small Rural Town. Part Two.
My first post: True creepy stories
My friend grew up in a cult. This is his story he told me before he went missing.
He sees, He knows
My first post: True story
CASE FILE LJH-001-001 : The Cave At Welti Falls
My co-worker was born into a cult. This is all he told me before he went missing.
Case File LJH-001-001 : The Cave at Welti Falls [TRIGGER WARNING] [SELF HARM]
My Twin Died, but Our Connection Didn't - Chapter 2 - Lucid Dreaming
The reaper waited in the basement to take me to hell. But I was a retired car salesman. I wouldn't go that easily. PART 2My plane is frozen in midair, and the other passengers are scaring me (part 2)
Demonic tails.
Benjamin
I used to think I was a good person
I only wanted a big tiddy goth girlfriend, not a living nightmare.
Not even death can hold you back...
My family runs an all you can eat buffet. -2nd Update-
I'm pretty sure that I pissed of some sort of witch and now my life is turning into a horror movie. Please help !
The Beast of The Mountain (Part 2)
I Inherited My Grandfather's House and His Nightmare (Part 3, Final)
Minami-Iwo Island That Year…
My little sister was the most harmless kid on the block, but then she started playing Call of Duty. (part five)
Spiderdance (Part 1)
Mila. Part 1 The video and the bedroom.
The Elevator Game won't work anymore and I know why.
Need advice for treatment. My girlfriend won't stop eating everything
It's Time For Annual Performance Reviews at the Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline
I think I may be insane
July 9th, 2943
Will Somebody Buy My Fuckin' House? -- Please?!
I woke up early.. (Part 1)
Camping part 1
Almost a last night
Almost a last night
Walk it off
Can someone send me the link of some SCP Foundation stories?
Monsters Followed me my Whole Life
Marble Barbie.
The Oblivian Motel
Can't find this creepypasta.
We keep the mountain clean so you people can hike it safely. Almost. part 2
The Sirens Are Here
My sixth sense saved us both that night.
The Dead Dog Pt1
The Deep Freeze (Part One)
I wrote this because I woke up
I cut all my boyfriend’s fingers off. I don’t know if our relationship can still be saved
I cut all my boyfriend’s fingers off. I don’t know if our relationship can still be saved
Do Not Invite Them In
Do Not Invite Them In
The Man Under The Lamppost
Night watcher
They Walk Among Us - Part 4
Do Not Invite Them In
They Walk Among Us - Part 4
The Ghost on 3rd Avenue
The Lady in the Hall
Do Not Invite Them In
The Upside Down
The Lady in the Hall.
Need advice for treatment. My girlfriend won't stop eating everything
They Come With the Fog
The Dream
Tomorrow will be different.
The Dream
A Bad Camping Trip
Looking for advice for how to deal with a coworker
My mother passed away and I knew ahead of time.
I live in a city of fallen angels.
My uncle could've killed me
The Dream
There's a Reason Nobody Knows What Goes on in the Midwest
My Eternal Hell
I am a former Soviet soldier who fought in World War Two. I have some stories I need to tell you about what I saw in war.
I regret moving to Alaska (4)
I live in a city of fallen angels.
My uncle was being touched and I didn't even even know
This morning, a little girl was sitting by the edge of my bed, claiming to be my sister
My plane is frozen in midair, and the other passengers are scaring me (part 2)
I live in a city of fallen angels.
You Taught Me What Love Is. I Hope You Forgive Me.
There was a man sitting on my deck
Why I Can’t Stand Laughter Anymore
The Unimpressive Story of How My Mother Became a Hole in the Ground
The Final Sounds
It Rained Everywhere Today
I gave my employee a gift my daughter didn't want, now I know why she didn't it
I'm The Kind Of Redditor That Everyone Hates
Hi, my name is Jack T. Ripper and I have some confessions to make...
HOW TO: Do psychedelics in a convenience store restroom, and why you should reconsider.
There are no doors on my house- 2
I woke up this morning, and now I'm alone.
Meltdown
Lake Entity
Nothing Left
Stay away from the moon in Cape Noesc
Wanderers
What happened after I died.
I thought I was graduating. Instead, I witnessed a murder.
People are saying that I've done things I dont remember
Here to vent about propably the shittiest town that can be-Red
What I Inherited From a Father I Didn't Know
My Family Has Been Killed By A Cult
Theres something weird going on in my town
NSFW. I Live In A Rural Area, and My Family Has Been Killed by A Cult Who Worships A Bunny, and They're Forcing me To Write this.
She's playing with my hair in the TV screen..
I think my sister is in trouble because of my nightmares. I’ll write again if it gets worse.
The Nightcutter
A smiling nightmare. (Short)
I’ve seen a lot but nothing comparesTill
The smiling monster - a short story
The Wasps.
The Forgotten Files- D1 E1
A beautiful girl on an empty road
There's a Cult Hidden in the English Countryside, Pictures Included
It prays on the weak
The Steel Beast of La Paz Part 2
homemade ouija board gone wrong
She came for him
Is anyone there? Part 3
Sanctuary
Is anyone there? Part 3
How I got two misbehaving siblings to get along
The Town No More
Im a surgeon, and people keep coming in with missing fingers.
I think I met a bone fairy.
PLEASE HELP: I think my sleep paralysis demon is real
I've been erased from every Facebook photo I'm in.
My 10 Year High School Reunion
Am I a missing person yet?
I Work At the Darabont County Archives - Part Six B
I have a farm, the animals have started acting weird
Sausinsh
Why can't I go outside, Mom? [Part 2]
You'd never know.
I'm here
You laugh , You die
You'd never know
Jupyter notebooks
My Creepiest Cases as a Private Investigator- Shelley Morton
Why can't I go outside, Mom? [part 2]
I think there’s a spirit living in my daughters toy.
“Shh. You’re going to wake her.”
[UPDATE] I should not have looked into my grandmother's basement... FINAL DAY
I think I inherited a murder house (part three)
God Is In The Basement
Something was outside my house last night and I don't know what it was (part 2)
And there's the Van that watches the house
Abexecion's Grimoire
I saw through my cat?!
My wife and I made a terrible decision a decade ago. It came back
Infected (Part 4)
My teacher left a sinister message on the whiteboard and I realised too late
We got lost driving at night, on the way to a funeral
Vewy scawy stowy
The party that didn't exist
Lone Oak Academy
I met a demon last night.
The Figures (Part 2)
An Old Door Just Appeared in My Basement
I’m a taxidermist, and my animals are coming back to life.
Always carry a gun with you.
The Figures (Part 2)
I'm ready to share what happened on Halloween (true)
Always bring a gun on a midnight hike. (Part 1)
(Update #2) Did you get the alert?
My Grandfather was a Guard in a Concentration Camp... Here's what he witnessed
A New (Old) Door Just Appeared in My Basement
I’m dead
Has anyone got a emergency broadcast that sounds like this
The Man That Found God
We keep the mountain clean so you people can hike it safely. Almost.
my girlfriend
My little sister was the most harmless kid on the block, but then she started playing Call of Duty (part four).
Post Road
I interfered with a demon
I played the elevator again
User 69dickbutt69 is standing in my yard with a flamethrower
I'm a salvage sonar tech, and I have stories to tell. Part 2.5.
The literal faerie has visited, please be careful.
If I Don’t Figure Out Why Employees At Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline Keep Dying, I’ll Be Next
We've been stuck in this hotel for 2 weeks now. The staff aren't letting us leave without taking everything we brought in.
False advertising
Help me
If the lights are out i should get out of there.
Mission 117.
I think I witnessed a murder?
I'm Coming
Come to bed with me, please.
I found eternal happiness while dying outside of a gas station
I Used to be a Reality Hacker
Friend kills and rapes woman for filming me masterbaitm
Koda
The legend that Dyatlov's Pass has become
Why my senior year of high school stank
Interlopers
I stole a story from an author and now he's stealing my life
I hope this is the right place to put this
Blood Law (Part Six)
The Karhu Tappaja Part 2
My Horoscope Has Been A Little Off Lately.
I Boarded an Airplane to Orlando and Exited…Not in Orlando
Beach body
Not-Exactly-Paranormal: We won a war against wasps. They aren't as mindless as we think. And unlikely help saved us. (Part 1).
The End Of The World Isn’t Just A Metaphor Anymore.
The End Of The World Isn’t Just A Metaphor Anymore.
Me
Are Marines cursed or is it just the land?
Four years ago, a woman drowned on the street outside my house.My Darling Joanne
Till Brooklyn
He lies at the bottom of the pool, the game begins (Part 1)
I stole a used IPhone from a garage sale. I wish I didn't.
I’ve seen a lot in the 70+ years I’ve lived here
I work at NASA. We made alien contact last week.
My emails are starting to terrify me [part one]
Not my story, but figured I should trlell others about it
I’ve lived here for 70+ years and I’ve seen ALOT
My apartment
The house across the street is eating men and I don’t know what to do.
I'll Never Be The Same After Visiting My Cousin, Part Two
ICE MACHINE DOWNSTAIRS
Being taken down by Nosleep
Princess Pit Stain
ICE MACHINE BROKEN
There’s a giant person in the sky.
The end and the Falling
My plane is frozen in midair, and the other passengers are scaring me
MatPat.
My name's Sam and I like people.
Never assume something is less than it seems
POPPY
Why does my bed rock at night?
Don't listen to witch house. It's how they find you.
Survival of the unfittest - Part 2
Something Strange is Going on at my Cabin in the Mountains (Part 1)
Dewclaw
The Nightcutter
They All Died on the Dead Mountain
The Nightcutter
My plane is frozen midair and the other passengers are scaring me
Traditional MLM
Everyone on my flight, and the plane, is frozen in air
The Forest
I think a sociopath wrote my favorite game.
I met the monster in my closet. It's not what you'd expect.
Camping
There’s something behind my house and people are watching me.
A House is Not Always a Home
Demonic Assassin
I work at NASA. We made alien contact last week.
Season 12 Episode 25 Season finalle.
The Wangmangler
Pail
There's A New Drug In Town
I get the worst cramps every few months
A Very Square Day.
I didn't kill my neighbor's wife.
I Logged Onto Facebook Three Hours After My Girlfriend’s Death To Check My Messages, I Wish I Would Have Just Gone On Snapchat Instead
The yellow man, the yellow man
I created an AI to encourage suicide, murder, and general discontent with human existence
Ice Machine Downstairs
A guy standing in my backyard
People regularly go missing during tours of the tunnels underneath my town. Then it was my fiancé’s turn.
There Is A 3rd Stage to The Backrooms
How I got these two brothers to finally get along. Who knows, it could work for you...
My Messed up Intuition Might not be Wrong
Real Encounter With Tall White Figure
Can anyone help? I'm a bit disturbed.
Parenting 101: The best method to get two brothers to stop fighting...
It Calls Me
'Unknown Compelling Force'
Real Encounter With Tall White Figure (B.C Canada)
I Was a Neo-Nazi Up Until Yesterday
The wifi monster
Ill never go back to the base again ...
False advertising
Sounds
eleven years ago, i saw a tall man in a big hat and a trench coat.
My School just went to a unexpected field trip to nowhere
A guest at my motel asked me to post his story. He looked like he went through hell… – Part 6
I am stuck in 8:52 AM. Please help me.
I don’t think my parents remember me
I Was Offered a Job (Part 1)
What do you see, boy?
That thing in front of my door
My daughter saw me die ten years ago
Every night, a man crawls through my window and stares at me from the foot of my bed.
I'm Trapped at Work and I Don't Know What to do.
My Unsettling Adventure to Devil's Gate Dam in Pasadena
"Marikie, Marikie..." Don't say it 3 times.
Fingers Beneath the Skin
An Article On The Breathing Church of Flesh
The thing I encountered before came back for me....
Hey
Audio File Name: tone250640775.mp3
cool car by the way
my sweet prince
My Neighbor, the Sweet Old Necromancer
The Tree and the Bell
The Man Behind My House
[UPDATE] I should not have looked into my grandmother's basement... DAY 2
Puppet show
[UPDATE] I should not have looked into my grandmother's basement... DAY 2
I don’t know what to do about this old man
I don’t know what to do about this old man
It Followed Me
Nautilus MK VI
I’m a therapist, and my patient is in love with a pedophileThe shadow man
A strange occurance
There's something in my new house with me.
The Man In The Airport
Beneath the Golden Pine part three- Brownstone
The Figures (Part 1)
Image from my short horror movie.
Accident that my mom avoided
A Snapchat Horror Story Animated
I drove down a road that doesn't exist
There's something inhuman in my hometown, UK
Minami-Iwo Island Incident (P1 - The Beginning)
The Weeping Willow Tree
My dog has been talking to me. And what it’s saying doesn’t sound good. (Part two)
My Daughter Loves John Lennon
My dog has been talking to me. And what it’s saying doesn’t sound good ( part two)
Something was outside my house last night and I don't know what it was
My anxiety is tangible. (Part 1)
I found out what nightmares are
My Parents Adopted a Bear Cub and now I’m Paying The Price
My Parents Adopted a Bear Cub and I now I’m Paying The Price
There's A Deadly Virus And I Can't Leave My House
Do Not Go Into The Rain Past Twelve, Or You Will Run Into The Raincoat Man
I disagree with this rule: The inclusion of horrible events does not necessarily make a story horror.
The way back from War
The Beast of the Mountain (Part 1)
I Inherited My Grandfather's House and His Nightmare (Part 2)
My Cysts Are Becoming a Problem
Don't believe their lies, never let them forget
I wasn’t born, I just...was
(Update) Did you get the alert?
My Shadow
My little sister was the most harmless kid on the block, but then she started playing Call of Duty. (part three)
There is something terrifying haunting my grandparent's village after dark.
My city is being evacuated, and I have to escape it.
"Stay hydrated, kitten."
I Worked At A Country Club. I Am Not The Same Anymore (Part 1)
I’m a whistleblower, and it’s time to blow the whistle on the monsters running Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline
The apocalypse began and I slept through it - Part 2
My Imaginary Friends
The apocalypse started and I slept through it - Part 2
My Childhood Experiences In A Small Rural Town. Part Two.
Something Is Happening in Tevam Sound (Part 1)
The laughers
If you have information on the disappearances of these 5 teenagers please contact Bexar county police department at......
I’m not feeding the bears anymore.
Do you ask all the right questions before going on a trip? Always?
MLM
NoSleep Interview with Coney-IslandQueen!
A Little Girl Is Always Calling My Name When I'm Sick
THE PARTY
My husband used to hurt me
My husband abused me
My Roommate Is Driving Me Crazy
I found out something strange about my coworkers at work. Now I know why.
The Lights Next Door
She Wakes with Vengeance
And Now The Kids Won't Stop Screaming
I just called my brother from downstairs, but I'm not down there pt.2
My friend named Cecil
Fetch
Reset
I think my life borderlines with The Void.
Reset
What the hell pricked me? Part 2
I'm a SWAT Officer who was sent to investigate an incident at a middle school.(Part 6)
What thr hell pricked me? Part 2
The Walls Sing
THE END(part 1)
My first encounter
The times i experienced Jinns
There was a random School Shooter, he knew me.
I made a deal with my Guardian Angel
I think there's someone controlling me.
The G Key
I think a monster has been living under my bed for the last 10 years
Lonely Lilian Kenna
Since the first time I died, I've fallen in love with the angel of death (Part 5)
Everything is completely still... except for me
Carolina
Can a website accurately predict your demise.
My Name is "J," and I can Teleport (Part 1)
Kit
If you have any information on the disappearance of these 5 teenagers please call Bexar county police department at....
The Chair
Can a website predict the time you have left
The Backroads
The Backroads (Part 2)
I Found An Old Journal At A Cabin In New Mexico. It Might Be Proof That Aliens Exist.
There’s a giant person in the sky.
Three brothers fewer
SOMETHING Is Hiding In My Basement!
I Met a Demon in My Dreams
"Use Kik!" I told myself...
My Childhood Experiences In A Small Rural Town. Part Two.
My Childhood Experiences In A Small Rural Town. Part Two.
Hi
The Backroads
The Backroads
I moved in with my boyfriend I met at work, and I regret my decisionIs anyone there? Part 2
Supahhhh high
Eloi, Eloi, Lama Sabachtami
The Missing (Update 3)
I'll Never Be The Same After Visiting My Cousin
So...my friend has a pet named Buttercup and I kind of messed up
The Missing (FINAL UPDATE)
When I was a kid, I would hear voices calling my name.
I'm autistic and have had some weird dreams as a result.
I explored an old corral and what I saw scares me
I found this message on my phones notepad.
There's Something Wrong With This Hotel (Part 2)
Celestial
It was supposed to save the world. It didn't work.
Sirens went off in my neighborhood at 2am. Now my neighbors and family are acting strange. FINALE
my sister knew exactly when my grandma passed away
The Subject [part 1]
He transferred something dark to me that night
That Which Kills The Soul
It Preys on the Comatose(Part 1)
I Hunt Cryptids For A Living. It’s Harder Than You Think (part 2)
When you hear the sirens, don't try to escape.
It Preys on the Comatose(Part I of V)
Question (I will delete immediately after it is answered for declutter)
Bubby
It wacthed you as you sleep
Bubby
The man I saw in the janitors closet.
The Forest
Not All Women
I found a stain on my floor
We've been stealing from the dead woman in the woods
The night that caused neverending dreams. PART ONE
Dry (1)
Stay away from the Appalachian mountains...
What we really saw on the Moon
Dry (1)
Do you know?
I lived through a wendigo attack
The Book of Autonomancy: A Recipe for Earworms (Part 17)
I'm A Manager at a Chuck E Cheese Restaurant (Part 6)
My life in your hands.
My dog has been talking to me. And what’s its saying doesn’t sound good (part two)
I'm 23, and I saw my imaginary friend again. (Part 1)
I'm a Vampire, and I'm allergic to blood. (Part 1)
The ghost trance
I've Worked at a Wastewater Treatment Facility for 14 years. These are the things I've found in the Sewage.
My friend Esme (Part 1)
The Backroads Part 2
I think I inherited a murder house (part two)
We make Jackalopes for tourists
My friend Esme (Part 1)
My dog has been talking to me. And what it’s saying doesn’t sound good.(Part two)
Sleepfall Chapter 2: House In The Void Of Darkness
Blessed.
The Woman in 412
My name is Sunny Mathers and I am missing.
I have a condition that influences electronics, but my condition is often deadly
My Fiance thinks I'm crazy.
employee of the month
The misadventures of a washed-up magician
Sleepfall Chapter 2: House In The Void
Snowfall Chapter 2: House In the Void
The Dead Zone (Final)
The audience is your god
The Man In White -
I Believe the Airbnb I’m Staying in Belongs to a Serial Killer (Final)
be nice to the waiter
Throw a die, my friend.
The watcher woods
Poltergeist experience at music camp
I got locked in detention, it was on the last day of that school being open before it was abandon
Do you ask all the right questions before you get on a trip?
Post three, others ended up removed
My Weird Ghost Experience In Gettysburg
They erased my memory now I’m here
An earlier post got removed, now I got a PM and I realised something odd
My "friend" won't leave, and it's going to kill me
They erased my memory now I’m here
My friend has the powers of a voodoo doll (Part 2)
I escaped a lab after getting my memory erased. Now I’m here.
I was a lab experiment. Now I'm here.
The Backroads (Part 2)
Subject 052 - Codename: Cuttlefish - Full Report
My doll is haunted
In his house at R'lyeh, dead Cthulhu waits dreaming.
Subject 052 [Codename: Cuttlefish] - Full Report
The hatch
Crazy Cat Lady Syndrome
Why I want my dogs to stop digging in the yard.
Plz help if u know anything I can do to stop or calm it
You Thought The Backrooms Were Bad (Part 2)
TEN RULES FOR NIGHT SECURITY GUARD | PART 1 - HORROR STORY
The Man in the Hat
What is the creepiest thing someone has ever said to you?
Always Look Up Before Crossing the Street
Strange Encounters in a Danish Town Part 1: Sygehus
“Everything around us will rot."
Something is wrong with my Amazon Echo. I have video footage.
Lady in white I’ve been ignoring for years almost mentally broke me. Part 1/2Clinton Road
A Late Night at a Huge-Ass Park
An interesting theory about extra terrestrials
I Work in a Haunted Bookstore
The house on 27 Woodlands Court (Part One)
My little sister was the most harmless kid on the block, but then she started playing Call of Duty. (part two)
I used to be very BEAUTIFUL.
A house in the woods teleported me into a dimension where everyone had 5 eyes and now I have to find my way back.
Mom vs mother
Were a good strong community here in garrisonsville!!
My school sells students.
My first ghost
The Endless And The New
Not sure anymore
Clinton road
Help me
Blank Rooms
I saw something in the middle of the road, and now I'm afraid to get into my truck.
This Device Finds All of Your Lost Photos
Hide and Seek
The Lockdown
Theodore
I’ll stay awake
I was given a glass pane that kills people.
The Talk-To-All Ritual
In my school there was a weather alert but the weather wasn't the thing we where suppose to worry about
Better help... oh I guess they didn’t hear the news
Hush
Somthing hit the house
Somthing hit the house
I’m not alone
Trendy Henry
I Had So Many Clues But Didn’t Take Them...
A Whisper in Winter [Part 1]
Flappy Bird was deleted from the App Store in 2014. It reappeared on my phone this morning, but something is off.
"They terrorize them too, not just us." - War Stories pt. 1
We did not come from earth [Part 1]
My Best Friend Has Been Acting Strangely
employee of the month
Buttercup
You thought the backrooms were bad
I think my cat is possessed
beauty is pain
You thought the backrooms were bad
I work at a Mental Hospital; Strange Things Have Been Happening... (PART TWO)
My mom swears she met and talked to a ghost at an amusement park
On Your Hands
I think my cat is possessed
Have you ever had such a weird dream?
Stitches
I was a priest for 20 years, here is why i stopped being one..
LRRPs - War Stories pt. 1
I just finished a job interview.
An app ruined my life
Something Behind the Mirrors are Trying to Protect me From my Family
My Experiences with Sleep Paralysis
The last message
There’s. Big daddy in my living room (pt.1)
I just finished my job interview.
My name is lucy
The Loser - Finale
Sirens went off in my neighborhood at 2am. Now my neighbors and family are acting strange. PART 4
Love, Acceptance, and Pride
Do you see? (Part 3)
Literally no sleep
Do you see? (Part 3, Finale)
Can we play
Nosleep is a competitive place. I'm on my way to the top.
My friend has the powers of a voodoo doll (Part 2)
My best friend from preschool changed and it’s much worse
be nice to the waiter
9:36 pm
The Killing House [Part 1]
I've Worked at a Wastewater Treatment Facility for 14 years now. These are the things I've found in the sewage.
There's Something Wrong With This Hotel
My dog has been talking to me. And what it’s telling me doesn’t sound good.
I work in an aquarium and something bad is happening (part 4)
You know what you can do with a spoon and a mirror at 1:11 AM?
Children are going missing in this juvenile detention centre
Something deadly escaped from a biohazard truck near Istanbul International Airport
Childish People
The Visitor
Something deadly escaped from a biohazard truck on the way to the Istanbul airport
Something in the Way
The children of wal-mart
Sirens went off in my neighborhood at 2am. Now my neighbors and family are acting strange. PART 4
There's something wrong with the juvenile detention centre I'm imprisoned in
Sirens went off in my neighborhood at 2am. Now my neighbors and family are acting strange. PART 4
The "shadow man"
I broke a record, I I heavily regret it.
I think I inherited a murder house
A former friend on Discord has threatened to commit a murder. I'm doing something drastic to stop them.
My phone freaked out
Mommy is always right
My phone freaked out
Pride
Every night at 1:26 AM a portal opens outside my home. Let me tell you what has come out of it. Part 1
I found a poem written by my depressed teenage son that just died
There are no doors on my new house
SpiderI Inherited My Grandfather's House and His Nightmare
My sister's surname is on my wall.
I Believe the Airbnb I’m Staying in Belongs to a Serial Killer (Part 3)
Whats wrong with my brain?
Today I Figured Out That This World Has Many Deep Secrets We Are Not Supposed To Know About.
The Karhu Tappaja Part 2 FINAL
The Eden Syndrome: Part 4
The Eden Syndrome: Part 4
Spider
A guest at my motel asked me to post his story. He looked like he went through hell… – Part 5
[UPDATE] I should not have looked into my grandmother's basement... DAY 1
Summer Solstice
Fearing the unknown
Mrs. Cooper
Fearing the unknown
Don't run when you hear the Sirens.
I Went In One of Those Submarines That Go Down to the Ocean Floor, I Don’t Want What I Heard
The Dead Zone (Part Three)
CUTTING
The recordings from within the woodlands, part 4.
lol
[UPDATE] I should not have looked into my grandmother's basement ...DAY 1
I Work In a Haunted Bookstore
I hate long hallways
who?
Is anyone there? Part 2
Share
Here to vent about propably the shittiest town that can be
Do Not Follow
I saw an Angel last night
Sin Eating
Shrek is the Easter Bunny
I worked in an ordinary bookshop and now I’m stuck there.
A trip out west
I quit my job.
Please Help
We create our own Gods
I worked in a very ordinary bookshop and now I’m stuck there
There is something living in my old house
My teacher left a sinister message on the whiteboard and I realised too late
Shush.
Beware The Karhu Tappaja. Part 1
I found something at the Far Side of the Moon in 1971.
Living Alone Is Not That Fun At Times
Kit
My first and I hope last false awakening.
A ghost warned me of clicking on a link. I wish I listened.
Working a haunted trail isnt always fun [part 2]
Grandma’s front porch is a chorus.
Memoir from a small town deputy: Part 2
Memoir from a small town deputy: Part 2
There is something strange about my cousin Royce (part two)
The apocalypse began and I slept through it
That Lullaby
Sí soy peculiar
That Lullaby
The monster in my parents room
Gay mother boi
Need Help
I went to a metal concert, but then the mosh pit turned deadly
I Found A Strange Vehicle In The Middle Of The Woods
Am I Hallucinating?
There's A New Drug In Town Part 2
Eleanor's Writing Journal
How Do I Break a Blood Pact?
Eleanor's Writing Journal
The Alerts Have Reached Eastern Oregon.
The Wicker Saga: Song of Joy, Part 8
I lost my fiancée in a ghost town and I'm not sure I'll ever get her back
I Kill Evil that the Government Does Not Want You to Know About-Memoirs of an Army Ranger-Part 5- Hell
Amiel Volunteer Fire Company: Now hiring new EMTs
Closing time
I was the hot chick you followed on Instagram
I just called my brother from downstairs, but im not down there.
My mother swears she met a ghost at an amusement park
The Suicide Curse
My Work as a Therapist Part 1: Intro &amp; Nightmares
A dead guy broke into our house
Satan Asked Me to br The Antichrist
Satan Asked Me to be the Antichrist
My cat Krazy helped defeat a demon, now I’m scared she isn’t treating me right
Dear Cindy,
Satan Asked Me to be the Antichrist. I Said No
Cat defeated demon but now she is suspicious of me
Traffic stop turned bad
My strawberry has a spinal cord
There Is Nothing Good Waiting For You in Red Eyes, Utah
Never accept a job offer from the Grim Reaper.
Sorry this is long but i feel you need all the details
I wish I had slower reflexes and worse vision...
New year same old me
I’m Going To Do It Right This Time
Little Caesars Isn’t Always Hot-N-Ready
My Work as a Therapist
In 2063, we'll meet our neighbors on the moon Part 1
It Followed Me and I think Its getting worse
I was invited to a prestigious writing workshop on horror. My mentor had peculiar methods
Something is coming to get me, I can feel it.
I watched my parents get eaten by my friends family..
My Work as a TherapistIt Came In Through The Window
I Adopted A Rather Strange Cat
I Found Out Why We Forget Our Dreams
The Nameless Girl
Layla.
My best friend was killed last night. These were our final text messages to each other.
I just moved to a small town in Alaska. It’s been getting hotter and hotter by the day.
Welcome to Pembroke, Idaho (Part One)
I Think My Son Has An Imaginary Friend. The Talking Coming From His Room At Night Is Starting To Really Scare Me.
I stepped into the elevator to go to my office, it didn't take me to my office...
Uncle Rizzo lets me watch as he kills people
the sub-reddit r/UFO
This is happening in my own home.. My sister and I are mortified
If You Need to Take a Shit Don't Stop by The Rest Stop Outside of Laredo
I stepped into the elevator to go to my office, it didn't take me to my office...
A pigeon flew by my face and splashed my face puddle with juice and whatever else it had on it. I ran home and washed my face immediately, but feel kinda nauseous. Am I gonna die??
Sirens went off in my neighborhood at 2am. Now my neighbors and family are acting strange. PART 3
I can still hear Selena's giggles
Sirens went off in my neighborhood at 2am, now my neighbors and family are acting strange. PART 3
Grandma Korgine and that Street
Out of the woods
The ocean is much deeper than we thought (Final)
Gas Masks
It was the 2nd anniversary of my brothers death.
Stocholm quarantine part one
Dear Cindy,
Is anyone there?
A spooky book changed my life.
Something is Watching Me From the Woods (Part 2)
My stalker, my killer, my lover
Does it matter what you read before bed?
Grandma Korgine
The creature we see at night.
I work in an aquarium and something bad is happening (part 4)
I work at an aquarium and something bad is happening (part 3)
The Eden Syndrome: Part 3
The Maw is coming for me
Tanya
I should not have looked into my grandmother's basement
Traffic stop for a warrant turned into something bad
My dreams warned me.
I’m a Big Boy Now
I've seen a ghost
My Childhood Experiences In A Small Rural Town.
Am I Crazy? Is there something living with me?
Why can't I go outside, Mom?
Talk to the dead
The TV keeps showing me how I will die
Satan Is Real And We Hooked Up Behind A Wal Mart
My mutant cat
The reaper waited in the basement to take me to hell. But I was a retired car salesman. I wouldn't go that easily.
Weird recurring dream? Don't know what to do.
I was a security guard and when saw this and it changed my life
It tried pulling me off the bed!
I found something in my woods.
The Night I Quit Stealing Bicycles
Ggggg
Loss Prevention
I always was a HUGE redditor...
I’m stuck in the middle of a war, somewhere in Mexico.
Do you guys ever think that our consciousness can be linked through the dream state?
The apartment block I lived in growing up had the strangest 16th floor.
The Jester [Part 1]
Do you guys ever think that our consciousness can be linked through the dream state?
Stockholm quarantine
I fear that my beautiful vintage german violin may be haunted.
A Man of my Word
I fear my treasured vintage violin may be haunted
Mr. Lore: My family
Misjudgment
Shadows
The Wendigo
I was evacuated from my house. I now know why.
Death
epson pm245 pm235 a printer error has occurred see your printer document...
I thought I needed help that night......
I'm trapped in my town
The Unsolved Missing College Students Case Part 2
I thought I needed help that night......
Awkward
I though i needed help that night.....
Why didn’t I write papers about wholesome happy stuff instead?
I can see the things that move your stuff
My 10 Personal Favorite Stories On This Sub
I though i needed help that time but....
I'm the last astronaut aboard the ISS
My Personal 10 Favorite Stories On This Sub.
Would you like to join us?
Ghost shit went down
Looking up dead people
Smsj
The Trees are Watching Me
A Journal Entry by Jon A.
I'm The Kind Of Redditor That Everyone Hates
I just need someone to know.
I Found Something That Doesn't Belong in My House
Bugs under my skin
There's a ghost in my closet.
The Two Ladies
Death Wears CarnationsNo one will believe me when I say this but there's a ghost that lives in my bedroom's closet.
I found some little girls diary in my new house
Dream Spirit?
There Is A New Drug In Town Part 2
Gwen never really liked chess.
See the Moon Rising
I believe I am being held against my will. (Update)
Midnight Snack
There's A New Drug In Town Part 2
I googled my birthday the other day. Now I have the police reports.
I am so screwed
My stalker kidnapped my daughter....
Room 550
My Stranger and Meant
I have to kill my ideas before they hurt anyone else
I know why there is a dead zone in the Gulf of Mexico
Regrets.
I Hunt Cryptids For A Living. It’s Harder Than You Think. (Part 2)
I didn’t mean it Mommy.
I met someone in the forest, now I'll never go back
What The Living Eat
A Man of my Word
When I was six I had an imaginary friend
I was almost killed because of my over active imagination
I was almost killed because of my over active imagination.
I've been to THE dimension.
I Spoke to the Devil in the Woods.
The Mysterious Screaming
The Lockdown
I'm a SWAT Officer who was sent to investigate an 'incident' at a middle school. (Part 5)
Help looking for a video
The Hunter
My Sisters Ghost
Can't stop thinking about them. Seeing them. Thinking about them. See them.
The Holder of Knowledge
My Sisters Ghost . . .
I watched my parents get eaten by my friends family..
I should not have look into my grandmother's basement
One Phone One Mind
Hello Diner
I regret using a deodorant that is completely empty on gas
The Roid-Raged Ghost of 24-Hour Fitness
Someone's stealing my teeth
The Trees Are Watching Me
Absorption
Grandpa could Speedrun Super Mario Brothers like a Pro
I thought my shower was just broken, now im not too sure
Absorption
My Brother Hunts Things We Can't See
My Sisters Ghost . . . (long story)
My grandmother was murdered for a tea set
I should not have looked in my grandmother's basement
"WRETCHTON" Part One (Short Story)
Extinguished Susan
The Unsolved Missing College Students Case
My Brother Hunts Things We Can't See
Gut instincts dont lie
Her name....is Chelsea
Tisk Tisk Tisk
My Dearest Cindy, please forgive me.
There Is A New Drug In Town
The Book of Autonomancy (Part 16)
There's A New Drug In Town.
He Won't Leave
Alone on the bus
My deep web knowledge
H
There's a Reason We Forget Our Dreams
Deadline Veterinary Hospital
The Trees Are Watching Me
I don’t have a pulse lol
I don’t have a pulse lol
Deadline Veterinary Hospital
My coworker showed up for his opening shift. The day after his funeral.
The Perfect Murder
If you come across The Eternal Town, don't stop.
I lost my sister to a dream (part one)
The Perfect Murder
I lost my sister to a dream (part one)
I befriended a Demon
Resisting reality
why im a christian
I can hear banging below the ground floor, but there isn't a basement (Part 3)
I came across a pocket of negative energy on my way to a campsite!
I'm never falling asleep on the train again
The Spanish Peaks..
I came across a pocket of negative energy on my way to a campsite!
Sirens went off in my neighborhood at 2am. Now my neighbors and family are acting strange. PART 2
I went to dinner at my friend’s. I never returned
Lost
I came across a pocket of negative energy on my way to a campsite!
Zombie Chicks From Hell
I came across a pocket of negative energy on my way to a campsite!
Something is clawing my windows and asking for help
The Cherokee shawmen that needed me dead
The House With A Door In The Floor
The Person Outside your door..
Read this if you dont want to sleep
She is beautiful. It scares me...
The Skunk HousePlease Don't Use Wish.
I Hunt Cryptids For A Living. It’s Harder Than You Think
The Fireman
Don't Ever Buy From Wish.
We Should All Fear The Old Horns. Autor:Elias_Witherow
I'm a teacher, and my new student won't stop shape-shifting (part 2)
A guest at my motel asked me to post his story. He looked like he went through hell… – Part 4
Don't Ever Buy From Wish.
The Cabin
We Should All Fear The Old Horns ( not mine)
Theres a person..
A Subtle Nightmare
Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline; Severance Pay is a Little Different Here
Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline; Severance Pay is a Little Different Here
Death Wears Carnations
Reddit Revoloution
Cops of Reddit, what is the scariest call you responded to?
please help us
Something is cutting my hair (Part 1)
My 6 hour plane journey won’t end. Help.
The Dead Zone (Part Two)
Don’t look back!
.. Eggs? 000111for 10101000 ... HoW YO7 liK3?
My boyfriend told me he's a serial killer, and i believed him.
I am a member of The Order of The Singing Raven
(true) I saw a teleporting/time traveling car!!?
Why I No longer Enjoy Gardening
(true)I saw a teleporting/time traveling car!!?
Your driving down the highway at 90mph your dash reads 1:45 am the sun is coming up early only that’s not the sun, you hear explosions
i think a train transported me to another dimension , and i have the scar to prove it
Why I No Longer Enjoy Gardening.
A former friend on Discord has threatened to commit murder. I'm doing something drastic to stop them.
the death threats...
It started so beautiful
Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline Severance Package
The most traumatic sleep I've ever had...
I think my stepmother is trying to kill me
I think I spoke to something, and now it wont leave me alone...
My friend has the powers of a voodoo doll (Part 1)
There actually was “ something ”
Sirens went off in my neighborhood at 2am. Now my neighbors and family are acting strange PART 2
Momo is back.
Static Man??
Momo is back.
They Lick Our Skulls Clean
I don’t hike like I used to...
I have been on a train for 5 years
Dimensional spectating, the Simon Says signs
Some people I’ll never understand
Screenshots of my home screen keep appearing in my camera roll
Beneath the Golden Pine part two - Thistle Crown
I met my boyfriend when he crawled out of my TV screen
More than he seems
Death
schooo creep
Death
Black Swirly Thing
I found my dad
The man outside
I Tired Past Life Regression and Now Something is After Me (Part 1)
my room is always messy?
Our star player is on the field right now killing everybody
My Biggest Regret
Hamster Head
We watched movies today in school, thank god we didn't end up like the others
Deadline Veterinary Hospital
-help me-
We watched movies today in school, thank god we didn't end up like the others
Hamster head
Miscellaneous things
My Biggest Regret
I am stuck in the toilet of my office
Real Daddy
The Miss-A-Night Doors
Something Strange Is Going on In My Hometown
A pedophile was after me
The shadow people keep following me
My Son Vanished A Week Ago but is Still Posting Stories Here
I thought outside the box.
La chose ( French Creepypasta )
Brighter futures suicide hotline
I am stuck in the toilet of my office
The light goes off at exactly 11pm
Something is coming for me
The Blue Boy
I need you help, please!! ^w^
I work as a security guard.
Photogenic Couple Seeks Book Cover Deal
The light goes off at exactly 11pm
I'm an Uber driver in Detroit, and I've got some stories to tell.
I'm an Uber Driver in Detroit, and oh boy do I have some stories to tell.
My camping trip gone wrong
I'm A Manager at a Chuck E Cheese Restaurant (PART 5)
What's going on?
Murder Story
My brother is dead, yet no one believes me.
Powderly
I Think My Wife's Step-Mom is a Lizard Person, She Agree's.
Working a haunted trail isnt always fun [part 1]
To The Person Who Moved Into My Old Homeno sleep music
To The Person(s) Who Moved Into My Old Home
Everyone Died In 2011
After The Stars Went Out
Dreaming
False memories
The Perfect Father Conditioning Program
Everything is just Black
holY SHIT I THOUGHT THE STORIES WERE REAL I STARTED FREAKING OUT AND THEN I LOOKED AT THE RULES AND IM HAVING A HEART ATTACK RIGHT NOW
I think Dad needs to find a new job
There is something strange about my cousin Royce (part one)
A Raven Visits Me Every Five Years. Each Time It Comes, Someone Dies Tragically. Maybe This Time We Will Kill It First.
Walking in the park.
Beneath the peach trees
The Dreamer, The Liar, The Friend
The Dream
Since the first time I died, I've fallen in love with the angel of death (Part 4)
Ashes in the Fall
I am apart of Something's game, and death is not an escape.
Tip Tap
The Folk tale of dark hollow
I think I might be mostly dead in Savannah, GA?
The Woods Behind Our House
Memoirs of a small town deputy: Part 2
My Neighbor is a Dollmaker. I Think I'm His Next Project.
All my life I've lived in fear of constant war (FINALE)
The Legend of dark hollow
I Hunt Cryptids For A Living. It’s Harder Than You’d Think. [Part 1]
my house is based in the middle of no where but i still have terrible neighbours.
Has Anyone Heard of Nefertum Tech?
The world ended last night and nobody remembers (Part 2)
There is something in the condemned building in my town.
The High Diary
My daddy is the best
I'm a salvage sonar tech, and have stories to tell... part two.
Never play hide and seek in a cornfield.
I'm not sure I like this motel.
I went on a walk yesterday, it was a most horrifying experience
I think someone is stalking me
HELP ME! I DONT KNOW WHAT TO DO!
The FBI told me not to say anything...
🌙 My First Dance With A Demon 🌙
Sam and the Wide-Eyed Boy
Sirens went off in my neighborhood at 2am. Now my neighbors and family are acting strange PART 2
I am not my body
🌙 The falling elevator dream 🌙
Sam and the Wide-Eyed Boy
I Opened My Eyes During Prayer
The prostitutes of Detroit.
if you can't see it, it can't hurt you.
When God Falls
Snowdrift
Reversal
In my town, people always go missing when they go to the doctor’s office. Today, I think I found out why.
Reversal
Where’s Lucy?
Cresent Moon (Part 1)
Dragonflies. Just search True Facts: Carnivorous Dragonflies.
The Most Beautiful Girl I've Never Seen
The Cabin in The Woods
The Color of Cheese
Cresent Moon (The first of my many stories)
The Death
Tzadu'la is here.
We thought there was something haunting our basement. We were wrong.
I think I engaged something bad
I encountered a man in one of my mirrors and he nearly escaped.
Who knew so much could happen in 3 days
I am not a vegetable!
Captivity Opened my Eyes - Part 3/3
My bff
Welcome to your final day of training!
She wouldn't leave me alone
Choo-Choo
Don't buy two of he same thing's. You'll regret it.
Cresent Moon (One of my many stories)
Never drinking in that log cabin ever again...
The Forest (Short Story)
The Perfect Movie (part one) series
I saw something in the woods
The scariest nightmare I have had in a while.
It was not good a good idea going through the woods at nigh.
Mosieur Noir
Reggie was my sons best friend. I can't believe i've done this..
Lock your doors don’t let anyone in
Monsieur Noir
EM tries to take my 3DS for her kid, and she attacks me over it(1)
Ring Road
A Nightmare of Opportunity
My time working at wallmart
Sirens went off in my neighborhood at 2 am. Now my neighbors and family are acting strange.
Murder Mystery
InSomnia
The Man In My Bedroom Window
A Nightmare Of Opportunity
I Work at the Darabont County Archives - Part Six A
My new neighbor always seems to have blood on his clothes
Being a middle child is hard...
A Nightmare Of Opportunity
Did you get the alert?I Work at the Darabont County Archives - Part Six (A)
The man in the window
The Playground
The man in the window
i cant tell you what this story is. its short. just make sure it is distributed
The Mirror
𝙰 𝙽𝚒𝚐𝚑𝚝𝚖𝚊𝚛𝚎 𝚘𝚏 𝚘𝚙𝚙𝚘𝚛𝚝𝚞𝚗𝚒𝚝𝚢
My bff
The Eden Syndrome: Part 3
My best friend
Be careful who you meet up with from a dating app. That pretty face may not be what you expect.
*WARNING-YOU-ARE-NOT-SAFE.*
I can see how you die
I Keep Trying to Kill Myself but This Damned Curse Won't Let Me
Something worse than bears.
The same street.
I got a text... then she died.
I Live In a Town That Doesn't Exist
What’s going on in my apartment?
My Sister
My coworker has been turning me into a monster
There's blood in the water.
Nautilus Mark Six
You Think You Can Make a Difference at Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline
I think Someone’s in our House.
Idk what just happened
i was killed by mother nature herself
My parents basement
Something Is Watching Me From the Woods (Part 1)
Something you may want to know about your Future.
Something about your (yes, i mean you) Future.
Someone knocked back
The Blue Boy
A World of Hell
Something followed me from the morgue. Part 1.
Something got attached to me during my night shift. Part 1.
I'm a detective and the case I'm working on is mysteriously sinister [PART 2]
Something got attached to me on my night shift, part 1
Captains Log #1 A Documentation of All Creature Sightings
Something got attached to me while i worked my night shift. Part 1
Whispers when I fall asleep
Smashing Your Friends With Amy! That’s me!
I think I Married Satan (part three)
I keep seeing hidden messages whenever I check the news. Someone’s trying to tell me something.
Smashing Your Friends With Amy (That’s me!)
So I went through my sisters phone...
I Don’t Like The Dreams of Armageddon It Tortures Me With (Part 2)
So I went through my sisters phone...
So I know everything is "true here" until it's not, but this one, this one is true
The Phoenix
Can anyone help me with a project (no sleep)
Grandma’s Doll
Don’t Explore Creepy Places Alone
Don’t explore creepy places alone. (Graphic)
The Eye That Watches Me
🌙 My First Dance With A Demon 🌙
Day or Night? Night.
It's Here
The Afterlife isn't what we expected
I'm A Manager at A Chuck E Cheese Restaurant (PART 4)
The Watcher
The beast that almost got us
Eleanor's Writing Journal
Don’t worry
The Haunted House Affair
The Smiling Man In Black
Nightmares of an Amnesiac P2
I Know No One Will Listen But This May be Your Only Chance...
Anyone know what I’m taking about
Crawling
We Met Four, There Were Supposed To Be Three.
Silence in the Chaos
The Headset
Every year I take a camping trip by myself; after this trip, I can never go back
Anyone remember this
The Book of Autonomancy (Part 15)
The Headset
There is no sound outside
I Made A Terrifying Discovery In My Sister’s Lake House
There is a person behind me. [Part 1]
I Got A Call From My Daughter..She’s Been Dead for 15 Years
The Follower
There is a person following me in the dark.
Making myself beautiful
The Temptress
This post is a warning. Don't make my mistake.
The ‘Gift’
I Believe the Airbnb I’m Staying in Belongs to a Serial Killer (Part 2)
I googled my birthday. I didn't expect the article I found
I Believe the Airbnb I’m Staying in Belongs to a Serial Killer [Part II]
The ‘Gift’
Yesterday I went out for a run and I still haven't come back.
Fidget's Bar
Welcome to Fantasma: Souls of the Brahan Seer (Part 2)
My mother in-law is Tormenting me she’s been gone since 2013
My boyfriend can't see his demons, but I can.
I've inherited property, and it might be a problem.
I Didn't Believe In Ghosts Until I Met My Husband - Part 1
All my life I’ve lived in fear of constant war (PART FOUR)
Ice CreamI think I met the Devil while working the night shift.
I figured out how to age myself but now I've made things so much worse
Accused of abusing 911, but I haven't touched the phone (Part 4)
Two Years Ago, I Was Crushed To Death. Now It Happens Again Everyday (Part 1)
My Heart Transplant Mystery
The world ended last night and nobody remembers
I Should not have taken that doll
High Stakes Dungeons and Dragons
My trip to Argentina
Accused of abusing 911, but I haven't touched the phone (Fin)
The Lucid/Vivid Dream That Lasted 1000 Years (part2) The Clash of The Valkyrie
The girl with the name tattoo
The quarry leeches
My Sister Went Missing Over Three Years Ago. Now I’ve Been Getting Weird Letters From Her - FINAL UPDATE. I hear it, too.
The doll that kept moving.
Here to vent about propably the shittiest town that can be
Retribution
"That Room"
The quarry had leaches
The Atlantic Giant
I Met a Celestial...
Dear stranger, [Finale]
I think my old house was haunted....
I took a shower during a thunderstorm. I walked out into a different house.
If you are Bolivian/know the area Please help me identify these symbols
God, I love my job.
Late Night
Someone keeps leaving me movie tickets
Do y'all know of any creepypastas or any /nosleep stories that involve the reader to increase its scaryness?
Online Chatting.
Man At The Forest Preserve
The house that made me return
The Weird Accounts of a Secret Mars Expedition
The Weird Accounts of the Mars 2044 Expedition
My friend is 6492 years old Chapter one NSFW
The weird accounts of the Mars 2044 Expedition
Mother in-law tormenting me
Your Astral Adventure
FIVE
The big bad wolf is something much worse
The weird accounts of the Mars 2044 Expedition
Captivity Opened my Eyes - Part 2/3
Stop
I think we've released AI into life, and it's not that friendly to humanity as it seems.
Don’t be a Wuss
Sleepy Hollow Pt.1
Someone kept calling, and it was ‘me’
Demons (Part 1)
There Is A Mass That Never Leaves Me.
Strange things have been happening on Route 11.
Demons (Part 1) (Reuploaded)
I'm an Urban Explorer. Here is my story. [Pt2].
I'm an Urban Explorer. Here is my story (pt2.)
You won't believe what I have to say but my time here is limited...
I've been to Hell. [Part 1]
Berries
My uncle turned to me for happiness and *sexual* favours.
The tulpa experiment
Dream journal
Something went horribly wrong during my school trip
The one case I'll never forget
3 years of isolation causes me to see the weirdest of things...
It's Here
I think my new job entails something extremely disturbing (finale)
Goodbye mom
Demons (Part 1)
An Enormous Raven Visits Me Every Five Years. Each Time It Does, Someone I love Dies.
My strange dreams
I work for a celebrity that doesn't exist.
This Number Has Been Disconnected...
My teacher is a murderer
I'm a SWAT Officer trapped in a middle school. Fuck me. (Part 4).
Why won’t anyone give me attention?
The Dead Zone (Part One)
ritual of the seven sins
I wish I'd gone to sleep
Great White
The Basement
Never Shall Do Harm To Me
This is a dream I had.
The Eden Syndrome: Part 2
The Game of the Shadow Man
A guest at my motel asked me to post his story. He looked like he went through hell… – Part 3
at my window
The Middle - My Afterlife Has a Waiting Room
"Get off my lawn," the old man shouted. I should have listened.
I once heard the voice of God.
I'm an Urban Explorer. Here is My Story (part 2).
I Know You're Watching
The Static (Part One)
I get very confused sometimes (Final)
Haunted Cemetery that's a popular fishing location
The Hiking Trail
I’m an Urban Explorer. Here is My Story. (pt.2)
I can't remember most of my childhood
I saw a white inexplicable light (part 1)
I think my house is alive (part 1)
I saw a white inexplicable light. ((((First post is this ok))))
My teacher is a serial killer, and his next victim will be me.[Part one]
I think I Married Satan (part three)You Hear All The Gossip While Working The Graveyard Shift At Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline.
I think I Married Satan [final part]
How to propose to a girl "my response in an ask reddit thread"
Family means no one gets left behind
I made a mistake, and not I think something is stalking me
Send help.
I Know How I'm Going to Die
Why won’t anyone give me attention
I Found Dead Bodies In My Sister’s House
What did I just see?
Magic Weight Loss Pill
The Clawing Man
Where do my neighbours go?
There is only one of us.
Sweet Nightmares
Send help.
Sweet nightmares, part 2
I was bored, and I accidentally found the showers.
Sweet nightmares, part 2
I'm Your Maid and I Keep Your Secrets ... Some of You Have A Lot of Secrets...
I Reported My Abusive Neighbor To The Police
Sweet nightmares, part 1
What the hell pricked me? Part 1
The tulpa experiment
More stories.
Or something and date of you
Anitharith
I'm a detective and the case I'm working on is mysteriously sinister
I did my own autopsy FINALE [Part 5]
I did my own autopsy [Part 5 - Final]
I'm #VaccineEducated, and I need to tell the world the horrible truth
The Barn
Dreams To Escape(Part 1)
Scared awake so hard my muscles hurt
I don't even remember
This happened to me right now and I have my whole body petrified in fear.
This happened to me right now and I have my whole body petrified on fear.
An open letter to the wonderful Nosleep community
The letter
The Thing That Scares Me The Most
A Skinwalker's Property
My Grandma's House
I'm A Manager at a Chuck E Cheese Restaurant (PART 3)
If you live in the Jelenia Góra area and are the 30% of people who are not night zombies, evacuate your home while it's still light.
Confessions of a Grocery Store Manager (Part two)
Nightmares of an Amnesiac p2
Confessions of a Grocery Store Manager (part 2)
Something odd Is happening in Boise
Nightmares of an Amnesiac (Part 2)
Nightmares of an Amnesiac (Part 2)
The Nightmare Lyrics
Nightmares of an Amnesiac (Part 1)
Confessions of a Grocery Store Manager (Part 2)
The Window Man
"RUN"
I am being watched by a government agency that doesn’t exist.
Please share your theories, i need help on this.
An Obsession
The Book of Autonomancy: Psychological Report (Part 14)
Symbiote
Heroine
My cat likes looking out the window
Operation Flygert Begins. Individuals with non- R security, read for safety information.
Never go in the woods alone
Bye
I work at NASA. We made alien contact yesterday.
Hunting the night (part one)
An Apparition's Abrupt Appearance
I was in an abusive relationship with a vampire
An Apparition's Abrupt Appearance
Infinite Poop
The sixth night and the fox
Part 3: Something strange is going on at my place of work and no one seems to notice.
abrupt (part 1)
My Teacher is CRAZY and I am the only one who notices
He told me doing drugs would open my mind, he was right.(Part 2
The Keyhole
abrupt (part 1, the explanation)
My one night stand gave me something, and it wasn't an STD.
The Time me and my Sister were Chased by a man in the woods Behind our Neighborhood
We'll be home soon, honey
No Matter What They Tell You, Chernobyl Still Isn’t Safe, Pictures Included
My nightmares
All my life I’ve lived in fear of constant war (PART THREE)
Online Chatting
Part 2: Something strange is going on at my place of work and no one seems to notice.
I Believe the Airbnb I’m Staying in Belongs to A Serial Killer
What Lives On Fox Glen Way
Part 1: Something strange going on at my place of work and no one seems to really notice
A homeless pedophile lived in my room and my parents didnt believe me.
Welcome to Fantasma: The Souls of the Brahan Seer (Part 2)
Welcome to Fantasma: The Souls of the Brahan Seer (Hacking into the Desktop)
Welcome to Fantasma: The Souls of the Brahan Seer (Hacking into the ~~Laptop~~ Desktop)
Honey, I'll be home soon, but I'm stuck on a ship with a crew that's gone insane
They Believe in Me
My next door neighbour kept complaining to me that i was being too quiet
Never Use Ouija Board Alone.
I need help (Happening now)
Dear stranger,
The CommunicatorWhen God Falls
May Contest Nominations
When God Falls
The Shark Man
My Wisdom Teeth are Coming Through
Frogs be like
Mirror
Mirror
Yakojosti Syndrome
I Wished For Something Bad... And It Came True
My time working at walmart
Things happen on the NYC subway. What's one guy dressed all in white?
The Twisted Knob
My Wisdom Teeth are Coming Through
think my mom is gonna kill me
My Super Strange Dreams
I am 29 years old and have only experienced 7 years of my life.
Mummy, Mr Mondays, and Me
I ate her whole
My little sister was the most harmless kid on the block, but then she started playing Call of Duty.
My friend Joe
The doctors did something to my husband
I don't know what's happening
The Bus Stop
We didn't mean for this to happen *Part 2*
Something is wrong with the wolves in Montana
I was a subject to a horrible project (The Introduction)
I'm the Only Living Being in this Universe. You're All Artificial Intelligence.
I’m an Urban Explorer. Here is my story.
what is up with planday?
There's something wrong with the wolves in Montana [Pt 1]
I’m an Urbex (Urban Explorer). Here is my story.
Remains
Back in the old days, we had a strange job. Subject 11 (Part 3)
I think my new job entails something extremely disturbing (part four)
The Farmhand
I Survived The Bell Witch. Not Everyone In My Family Can Say The Same.
The Dream
There's something wrong with the wolves in Montana [Pt 1]
Rule changes for r/nosleep and r/nosleepOOC
Help
It comes for me at night. But now I have a dog
I'm a teacher, and my new student will not stop shape-shifting
Why I’m no longer a 911 dispatcher
Couch surfing
The Eden Syndrome
Our real Origins...
The Flashing Lights
Camping Trip
This happened last night i’m not sure why there was a spirit presence next to my bed
Camping Trip
I was a clone trooper during order 66.
I Hear The Same Bird Every Night Outside My Window. Last Night, It Stopped
My experience of sleep paralysis
Aura Decay
I got killed once...
My Childhood 'Imaginary' Friend.
Beneath the Golden Pine
I Live In a Town That Everyone Forgot
The Freezer
I know why we fear the unknown
My name is Claire Beaumont and my entire life is a lie.
My Name Is Rachel Simmons and I can't stop doing the nae nae
I Should Never Have Taken the Carpool to Work for BFSH
I'm a lifeguard and I see stuff in the pool at night
I think my parents are selling us...
When Housesitting Goes Bad
There was a Cabin in the Woods (Part 2)
There was a Cabin in the Woods (Part II)
The fruit is just as plump and juicy
I saw something while hunting in the woods and I don’t think I’m going to hunt ever again
The Devils Circle, Another story from the woods
The Devils Circle, Another story from the woods
Reborn to a Monster
Glitches are not real.
My Mother’s Strange Habit
The Escaped Fear
I found this subreddit and I need to put this somewhere
Captivity Opened my Eyes
The Figure In My Dreams
Glitches aren't real.
The Grey Gentleman
Ten years ago, I spoke to... something otherworldly. What it said will haunt me forever.
I think I know why people avoid public restrooms in the building I work at
The infinite ladder leading to hell
A lone boy was found in the woods, and he has been in my care ever since
A lone boy covered in mud and sticks was found in the woods, and he has been in my care ever since
They appeared on my doorstep.
You will sometimes see a cat in my village.
Bokor Wars Chapter 4 Invitation to Horror
The first page of this was just a demand: "SHUT THE GATE"
My friends and I heard a jack-the-box whistle while hunting in the woods!
i love death
My little sister received visits from the Feather Lady
AD said free sex doll
I'm a SWAT Officer who's trying to stay alive in the middle school of hell. (Part 3)
The sunlight
I'm A Manager at a Chuck E Cheese Restaurant (PART 2)
concert fans: please read
I'm a manager at a Chuck E Cheese Restaurant (Part 2)CLASSIFIED Therapy Session A25b: Mr Alvarez - Incident 2b
[CLASSIFIED] Therapy Session A27b: Mr. Alvarez - The Spectacle
i saw him
The creatures at work killed everyone
Life pt 1
My Beautiful Baby
My Beautiful Baby
The Most Infamous Serial Killer Who Was Never caught
The Lucid/Vivid Dream That Lasted 1000 Years (part1) Death &amp; Ascension
The Lucid/Vivid Dream That Lasted 100 years (part 1) Death &amp; Ascension.
Sobbing man in White Shirt.
High Stakes d&amp;d
A Story From The Woods: "Click-click-click"
Something terrifying happened to me on a coach bus
Some Rules Can't Be Broken
I think I know why my neighbors' dogs keep dissapearing
Something is stalking me...and it’s not human
Confessions of a Grocery Store Manager
My dead husband has been resurrected as a dry erase marker and he's running out of ink
The Book of Autonomancy: A Spell for Protection from Triggering Media (Part 13)
The Ritual That Ruined My Life
The Ritual that Ruined My Life
I've been lost in space Please send help were not alone up here
The Song of Death
Bus 8
I’m being stalked by a government agency that doesn’t exist.
Went camping at a very rural place and saw a really creepy 4 year old
All my life I’ve lived in fear of constant war (PART TWO)
Strange lights inside my apartment
I saw my dead daughter walking in the mountains.
My neighbour sits in their car every Monday outside, pumps music out for five seconds at a time.. full volume.. every 20 minutes
Pawn To King Four
Decaying life of mine...
“ how John stole my sister” (inspired by snarled and creepy pasta)
Strange lights inside my apartment..
Strange lights inside my apartment...
The Cult Tree
I Am Being Haunted By Something Which is Breaking Me One Piece at a Time
Lights in my apartment.
I got a flat tire in a ghost town
I do to know what to do now
My friend and I visited an abandoned bus, we were not alone
I kept seeing the soul of a girl in my sleep, now....
I believe I am being held against my will.
The Creep: Story of a Soon-to-be-Missing girl
Hello, From Suddencliff High School.
My Friend Disappeared From DisneyWorld
All my life I’ve lived in fear of constant war (PART TWO)
The Vivid Dream That Last 1000 Year (part 1)
There's something in my daughter's room
My ex girlfriend was a cult member
Never go into the south pasture
The vivid dream that last 1000 years. part 1 (Graphic Violence)
I Collect Freaks, But My Sister Creates Them
From your secret admirer
Minotaurs
My friend has been online for 72 hours now and I’m getting concerned
Aurelia
To the man under my house.
The Window
Thom is hiding from the ghosts, created by an A.I
i left my little sister to die, alone in the woods
Help
Tom is hiding from the ghosts (CREATED BY A.I)
My buddies and I went camping in a remote forest. We found a child wandering in the dark
My buddies and I went camping in an isolated forest. We found a child wandering in the dark (with audio recordings)
I Think My Wife Is An Impostor
The Rugrats
i left my sister in the woods to die
I saw it's face
A guest at my motel asked me to post his story. He looked like he went through hell... - Part 2
THERES SOMETHING IN THE LIBRARY I WORK AT. BUT NOBODY BELIEVES ME.
Where am I?
Kelpie
Are r/nosleep stories real?
Under the east river
I think my new job entails something extremely disturbing (part three)
Sleepfall Chapter 1
Something is wrong with me(part 1)
The Devils Circle (Another Tale from the Woods)
Unexplained childhood experiences
Help wanted
I, The Nightmare
Only good karma and good vibes!
A spirit reached out to me in my dream for help
House Sounds
I'm going crazy. I think my GF killed my sister and now she's trying to kill me slowly.
Don’t go to sleep on FaceTime. Part 1
I finally know where my sense of direction comes from
My best friend almost lost her brother to a psychopathic killer
Charcoals Cub is real, and he’s scary af
The Wood-Hill Hospital
I Don't open my windows anymore
My mom is friends with a man who attempted to kidnap me
PSA on Teuron Spaces
I'm Trapped in a Movie
A night in the desert
I Have Seen What Lies at the Bottom of the Ocean, They're Getting Restless
A Game With Death
This is a warning to stay away from 1,3-Lriptophene, or anyone that even whispers its name. (Part 1)A Man Kept Appearing To Me Everywhere. I Wish I Don't Pissed Him Off.
A Man Keep Appearing to me Everywhere. I Wish I Dont Piss Him Off
Aliens?, They're not What you think
I don't know he was a...
Confessions From a Grocery Store Manager
The demon in the basement
Former Paramedic here to share with you some seriously creepy shit that went down in 2016
The beast from Bodie (Part 1)
I once got chased by a clown
NEVER go to Happy Hollow...
The plantage on the wall scared me
Its just a toy
heaven is not a passive land and some humans can be called back quicker
The Dopplegänger
No sleep
The black bird of Chernobyl
Dad
Wasted and wounded
Dad
The bad Sleepover
I am the kind of person who don't like being photographed. This became a blessing for me.
The Sleepover Gone Mad (Language)
Follow The Red
I'm a manager at a Chuck E Cheese resteraunt.
My Fiancée Says I've Been Sleep-talking...
Death is a Living Hell
My Sister Went Missing Over Three Years Ago. Now I’ve Been Getting Weird Letters From Her PART THREE - Ben's Voice Recordings, continued
I work at a café on the edge of the woods.
The Hardest Part
I will never forget the first time i took a life
Missing person
My Guardian Angel
My Friend Is Acting Strange
I Have Seen What Lies at the Bottom of the Ocean, They're Getting Restless
I’m stuck behind a nuclear convoy; but I’m not sure they’re transporting a warhead.
Welcome to Death Land
The BNB didn’t like me
I don’t think the BNB liked me since I took the guest book.
My name is Alvin Serres and I’ve discovered a dark secret in my town...
I think I read too many scary stories
The shadow
Missing woman
DOPPLEGANGER. A DOUBLE IN SPIRIT FORM OF A LIVING PERSON.
There was a Cabin in the Woods (Part II)
Closets
There was a Cabin in the Woods
Moss man
I won the online dating jackpot
The monster got Dad, but Mom doesn't believe me. And he wants to hurt my doll.
Zoya
Can someone translate this and tell me what type of code this is?
Okay so...I really need help. Can someone please comment and help me out?
My beautiful paintings.
I regret moving to Alaska (3)
They say Ragnarok is the end of the world. But I don’t personally think it’s that bad.
The beast form Bodie (Part 1)
Donot download anygames that involve having a avatar!
Desperate. Please help.
An Unknown Attempted Break-In
A Love Letter
All my life I’ve lived in fear of constant war
I've Spent the Last Six Months in a Mental Institution.
Needle &amp; Thread (part 1)
I Was Someone's Missed Connection on Craigslist
I think my daughter is a serial killer
My Dog’s Secret (Part 2)
my experience with the backrooms
I found an easy way out of poverty
lizzy
The missing persons case of Dorothy Blakes
It Wasn't The Wind...
Each Time I See The Enormous Raven, Someone I Love Dies
Gerald
Noises in the Basement
A high school reunion. [Finale]
Theres a hell hound that lives in the backwoods of Colorado, so be weary when you visit...
Casino jackpot and Brandy shots
Please, let me paint you. I can pay...
The Nights in the Isolated Island
Sleepfall 1
I can feel my body decaying and dying but nobody believes me
The only way I’ll sleep again is if I kill myself
Gerald found evidence of extraterrestrial and alien life
Strange
The Girl
THE LIBRARY I WORK IN IS HAUNTED BY SOMETHING. AND NOBODY BELIEVES ME.
The Final Transmission Of Commander Thomas Whitley
There’s something wrong with the cafe I work at
I found an audio recorder in the woods
Get off this subreddit now and run.
Cattle
I Found an audio recorder in the woods
Aura Decay
I saw something strange
Her Tongue Was Made of Spiders
The time I went onto .onion domains
Am I Alone
I Laughed When My Dad Died
He told me doing drugs would open my mind, he was right.
Bells RingingThe recordings from within the woodlands, part 3.
Bells ringing
They Just Want To Play
Hear the Drummers
HELP!!! There IS something in my room!!!
The Face in the Window
Dollhouse in the woods.
I think my daughter is a serial killer
The Shadow Association part 1
We didn't mean for this to happen *Part One*
Today I Found out what Happened to my Mother 13 Years ago.
A true unsettling phone call
The Attack Of The Dead Men
I snuck into my daughter's room and I wish I hadn't
Mnemosyne
The ocean is much deeper than we thought (Part 2)
The Thing in The Basement
The Book of Autonomancy: Etobicoke Guardian (Part 12)
My friend keeps his digestive system in a paper bag
The Attack Of The Dead Men
Never assume something is less than it seems
Whatever you do stay on the trail of Machu Picchu
It Follows Me
Liver and Onions
I have a ghost for a manager
Enoch's Ridge (Part 1)
The Hide of a Skinwalker [Part 6]
The House of the Claw: Reaper
The old women
I Snuck Into The Closed Off Part Of The Disney Utilidors
I Snuck Into The Closed Off Part Of The Disney’s Utilidors
A high school reunion. [Finale]
go watch this no sleep content
The old women (True)
The door in my yard
The night the ringing stopped
I Don’t Like The View From My New Office
Memoirs of a small town deputy: Part 2
The warm side of the hill
Never let it burn
Disney in Florida is hiding things.
I just had the worst shit in my entire life
How I get straight A’s
Anime Turned my School into Pyschopaths
Don't Snitch
Beware drinking an energy drink called unique
I'm stuck in an elevator (Part 2)
leave one room open
The Thumping Glome
Fishing in the woods
A Guide from A Monster Hunter Part VII (FINALE)
If I Was Beautiful Nothing Could Break Me Down
My grandma left me her house...there was something strange
There is something living in the woods by my house, I just found out what it is
Tommy Teacher
This Person No Longer Exists
The Devil Just Asked Me for Help Final Pt
In the Open Doorway (part 2)
Accused of abusing 911, but I haven't touched the phone (Part 3)
The Frowning Man
Grandma is Coming to Visit
the Lix #666
My Sister Went Missing Over Three Years Ago. Now I’ve Been Getting Weird Letters From Her PART TWO - The following entries were found on an old recorder in a straw hut on the outskirts of Pantanal in Brazil.
The Seance Changed Jason Beyond Recognition.
T@s1n8
I Found something in the woods behind my grandfather’s house.
T@s1n?
Accused of abusing 911, but I haven't touched the phone (Part 3)
Tinder profile
The Diary
Do you believe in Karma? Because you should. We all should.
I see the true faces of the people who run everything.
I think there’s something living between my flat and my neighbor’s
Grandma's Chilli
Zoya
The Army has a new weapon, and I have to kill it.
Jamie's Diary
The Algorithm
I think there’s a place between my flat and my neighbor’s
Zoya
We went into the mine shaft, and saw something that we’ll never forget.
A Guide to Murdering Me (Part 2)
I'm a Small Town Sheriff, and I'm Pretty Sure a Cult Just Moved into My Jurisdiction. Part 2
The backrooms are real
Something changed. Something deep under the water.
We have already Been to Mars
NEVER go to Happy Hollow...
I thought my son’s voice changed today, but I was mistaken. Something else was talking.
Girls are dying in my town...and nobody seems to know why.
I think my roommate wants to end my life
The Red Doors
Hey, Dad. It's Me, Lily, I've Come Home
A Note From my Sister
I'm stuck in an elevator
There’s something wrong with my soul
My best friend and I are the same
Metamorphosis
From alpha to beta
What you looking at?
A guest at my motel asked me to post his story. He looked like he went through hell... - Part 1What you looking at?
I think my new job entails something extremely disturbing (part two)
Heart
Strange coincidences
Needle and Thread(part 1)
Tales from my bedroom
What I owe Death
Don't try talking to Disney World mascots at closing time
Firing Pole
Terror
my basement held 5 different bodies in a storage closet
My friend is still here but that's not her (creepypasta)
Something happened to my friend in Bore Woods.
The Spyglass
Never played truth or dare after this happened
I know now where she went.
My friends were killed in a bar. And think I know what happened.
My family is cursed. I think I’m next
Sometimes working Search and Rescue has it's perks. Sometimes it makes me want to quit.
Finding My true self (part 3)
I'm not being erased. I'm being recruited. (part 2)
Headspace
Why i dont go on bike rides anymore
Puff, puff, passout
The ocean is much deeper than we thought
There was a Murder on my Street.
I live in New York, but I don't want to anymore, because IT followed me here
I tried sneaking into work after hours to delete a career ruining email, but then I learned how sinister escalators can be.
Remember to close the gate or it will follow you home
DAY 2190
I Was Sent To The Wrong Mental Hospital
the warm side of the hill
The Butcher's Cult
Breathing. Just breathing.
This experience is the reason why I don't sleep in the dark.
We all had so much in commen
The woman i see in the mirror
I Am Become Death, Destroyer of Worlds
This experience is the reason why I don't sleep in the dark.
A letter from my cannibal stalker
I went hunting for the beast, and I regret it...
The lights flickered today
Between the Cascades
My family returned from a walk different UPDATE
Don't Search Wierd Websites
The House On 5th Street
The time I got a 3ds
Νικ
Hi no sleep
It keeps me awake at night.
Heirloom
Something Crawls Around My Bed While I Sleep; Only My Girlfriend Hears It
My son found something strange at the Palo Verde Nuclear Power Plant. Now it's in our house and I'm terrified.
Girl in a white dress
Blondie
I've Been Hearing A Disturbing Noise In The Dark Woods Behind My Home At Night. I Really Shouldn't Have Gone To Look.
Has anyone heard of Nefertum Tech
The Mirror
Every day, something comes out of the mirror to get me. It's about to succeed, so I should leak it.
My creepy neighbor just got creepier.
I Found A Polaroid...
The Book of Autonomancy (Part 11)
I can't Trust my Memories
A high school reunion.
So quick little story for you
I was in a special forces team for 9 years, i retired a week ago.
Some days I am dead
A Man Has Come to Drag Me to Hell, That Happens Tonight
Some days I am dead.
Since the first time I died, I've fallen in love with the angel of death (Part 3)
Scopophobia
SWAT Officer here. Still stuck in this godforsaken school. (Part 2)
I can't open my bedroom door
The moving blinds.
I was a ghost hunter for just one day
Today I found out that my life is a lie.
My Girlfriend Has Become the Vessel for Some Primordial Greek Evil (part 2)
You're one of a kind.
Margret
I'm currently hyperventilating in my basement
I inherited a mansion, but I want nothing to do with it (Finale)
The island of the Gods
I think me and my girlfriend are actually dead
My First Dance With A Demon
Scaredy-Cat
Everyone is gone?
There is something happening in my land and I don't know what (part 1)
Dream Demon
The man:Chapter 2
He Took Me To The Woods
Accused of abusing 911, but I haven't touched the phone (Part 2)
I officially regret finding the Southwest wing.
Stay away from 1,3-Lriptophene or anyone that even whispers it. (Part 1)
Whatever is behind those spam calls are trying to kill me
There is something wrong with my pond and I don't know what its (part 1)
Be prepared or may whatever God you worship help you.
Don't talk to the Disney World mascots at closing time.
There's No Such Thing As Ghosts
I Think It's Visiting Me In My Dreams Again
An InfestationSuperMarket Memoirs 16: Re-Grand Opening
A Man Has Come to Drag Me to Hell, That Happens Tonight
The Fall
To Anyone Willing To Share Their Body
To Anyone Willing To Share Their Body
Every person has his dark spots covered with spider webs, and I have too much
Don't talk to Disney World Mascots at closing time.
Leviathan
Spin the bottle
Leviathan (part one)
Cedar Springs - A Curious Case of Psychosis (Part 1)
Has anyone heard of the red hair red hair girl game?
What is the strangest conspiracy you have heard?
I went to the Great Festival of Toth
Cedar Springs - A Paradise in Hell
I have broken out of my containment cell and I am being chased
Moving out wasn't suppose to go like this.
It's been 9 hours since she went missing.
To those who are hitching rides on I-40, east of Santa Rosa, New Mexico, if you see a beat to hell blue Ford with a covered bed, run away.
Ogopogo believed to be seen breaching the surface - GLOBAL NEWS
The Bathroom
Mr Lady - A Horror Story In Thailand
Heaven is Hell For Angles
My Sister Went Missing Over Three Years Ago. Now I’ve Been Getting Weird Letters From Her
Never Stay Home Alone
the call
My friend swears I read minds
HEy, can you heLP Me rEad?
My husband came out to me
My husband had surgery. The man the hospital released is not my husband.
Antique Pest Shop
the call
It all started after the foreign exchange student chased my crush around the school with a shoe.
Cora's sister Report
I think my new job entails something extremely disturbing (part one)
I can't shake a feeling. It started 3 hours ago.
The ghost of Isabella Baker
I remember falling
I should have kicked this guy from D&amp;D a long time ago.[Part 2]
I Received a Strange Letter in the Mail Today [Part 1]
I Received A Strange Letter in the Mail
The secrets of the farm
theres blood on my floor but its like 200 years old
My dad went to jail...his escape was horrific.
Back in the old days, we had a strange job . Subject 11 (part 2)
My best friend went missing for two years. She came back today. I wish she didn’t.
Need to find a friend who does not wish to be found
Ghosts, Good Luck, and a Man Named Margaret
I can’t remember...
I can't open my bedroom door, and Im worried because my girlfriend is inside
My Cousin is a Psychopath (True story)
The corners of your eyes
A year and a half ago, something happened in the underground metro that I'll never forget.
i think there is something wrong with my game.
The Chernobyl disaster was a coverup of something terrifying [Part 2]
My own dream came to life to haunt me.
The Man in the Shadows
The Playground
I know what you did
It Wants Me To Sleep.
I know what you did
I know who you are
The Grim Things.
We all have that creepy/odd kid
What lurks by the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant (part 1)
Pet Store, but not only for pets (part 3)
Hungry Like the Wolf
I have not slept for 12 years
The Man in the Shadows
I took part in a sacrifice.
Frozen Solid
Callie
scary skinwalker encounter
The Minotaur's Labyrinth (Final)
I found something awful on my grandma’s iPad.
I think I'm being erased
If you're reading this... destroy all your mirrors. Now.
the weirdest pet store I've ever been to
I'm 15 and my father keeps saying that he is going to murder my whole family but he is also part of my family?
He told me I was special but I didn't want to be (Pt 3)
Grandpa’s Suicide Tapes
The Psycho Clown
Why We Dont Smoke on the Roof Anymore at Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline
Misfortune
Be careful what you eat or risk the chance of summoning a demon
19 years ago, my best friend disappeared from a place I've never returned to. Something wants me to go back.
I've been transferred to Saint William's Hospital for a nursing position but I'm not sure I'm cut out for it.
My Heart
Why I will never use Tor or visit the Deep Web.
The Sealed Fate of a Drunken Salesman
Would you rather?
Tell me your stories of witnessing someone trapped in a death sequence, here is mine...
I Talk to Houses
You will sometimes see a cat in my village.
Murder, it wrote
Hierarchy: A Homicide Story That Isn't What It Looks Like.
I Was Held In A Secret Concentration Camp (Part 1)
The EarthStay Curse
My Perfect Jamie, Remastered.
My Perfect Jamie. ( Remastered. )Highway Patrol (Part 1)
My Perfect Jamie. ( Rewritten. )
Who knew that a 14-year-old opinionated KID could be killed because of his opinions?
My family returned from a walk different
Did I see my rendition of hell?
I Woke Up Yesterday
Jace's Escapades
Good old 3
A neurochemical minefield
If It's The Last Thing I Do
There's something really wrong with my neighbor, and all I can picture is his black eyes staring at me [PART 1]
The Book of Autonomancy (Part 10)
Drug addicted father
I think my brother found images that kill you (Part 2)
Every night at 11:11, they call.
The True Disney Working Experience
Opioid Addicted Father
I know this isn't your general thing but i bet yall can help tell me what this thing is
Don't Fall Asleep in a Russian Subway Station.
The lake
Crap I got stoned with a roommate who I've never met and convinced me of interviewing for a pyramid scheme tommorow morning.
After that weekend, I never wanted to be alone again...
The day I was killed
now i know why i was so interested in snakes
Congratulations! You have won the jackpot of $6,000,000!
Surprise for an exhausting day
repeat
Leave Well Enough Alone
[META] Can every story stop being a mini-series?
All you tubers read this and never fall for the same mistake I did
The Surgery
My school is on lockdown,but whatever is out there isn’t human.
Congratulations! You have won the jackpot of $6,000,000!
One if by land.
The Other Oldest Son
Benches and Death: My hometown.
I'm a SWAT Officer who was called to deal with an incident at a middle school. But for some reason, we can't enter room 203.
I saw the deaths
A Little Laughter
Congratulations! You have won the jackpot of $6,000,000!
The man
What Comes After Death
I think my grandmother sold my soul to the devil.
Congratulations! You have won the jackpot of $6,000,000!
I Know the Way Home: A New Scripture.
Locked in from the inside.
Why I do not like the London subway
A long days work
Critical
I Went To O.J.'s House
Something in the Central Oregon woods
He can never know what happened that night
Torn Skin
Every person in the entire apartment building suddenly died a horrible death
I think I Married Satan (part two)
There's definitely something wrong at work...I'm starting to lose time now
Don’t Tell
The mirror
I could only see it through the cigarette smoke.
Cries of Help
I should have gone home.
The real Boogie man (part one)
I officially regret finding the Southwest Wing
Accused of abusing 911, but I haven't touched the phone (Part 1)
My friend got involved with a gang
I inherited a mansion, but I want nothing to do with it
My friend got involved with a gang
The real boogie man and how I met it
Jays bar (part 2)
Something bad is going on at Warner Brothers. The Joker Movie might be cancelled.
Who know the country Luxemburg???
Have you ever had a nightmare that's stuck with you? I have
Ticket to Normal Town
The shadow man
Nerd with a god complex shows off his “inventions.”
My house is extremely haunted
A place we try to remember
HEy, can you heLP Me rEad
The restaurant that never existed
Visiting my grandma's friend's house
I sit here
Hell is not what you think it is.
I found a bag in the middle of the road on route 642.
[SERIOUSLY] What's the scariest score of music you've ever heard?
The man in the bush
There's a squatter living in my house but I can't confront her due to my crippling anxiety.
Phantom Brother
The man in the bush
The Devil Just Asked Me For Help Pt 3
Guy tries to trick my father...
There's a squater living in my house but I cant confront her due to my crippling anxiety.
What lurks by the Chernobyl nuclear power plant
I've been getting the same call over and over again... (Part 1)
What lurks by the Chernobyl nuclear power plant (part 1)
The Hotel that Didn't Exist
I'm very hungry
My Friend Could Have Died!!
We summond a demon ( this is a warning )
Love
I got kidnapped.Help me. Save my humanity.
The Smiling Woman Stands in my Room, Each Night She Gets Closer.
My little daughter...
The Park
I'm never taking the bus again
Dead Water
My friend’s town is really religious, but I don’t know what they’re worshipping because it sure isn’t God (Part 4) Final Part
Desperate
I will never forget what I saw outside my window
Something hides in the old barn
My friend’s town is really religious, but I don’t know what they’re worshipping because it sure isn’t God (Part 4) Final Part
My Dead Friend Reads My Messages
Andrea
I think my daughter is raising the dead (finale)
My friend’s town is really religious, but I don’t know what they’re worshipping because it sure isn’t God. (Final Part)
Please help! I don't know what to do?
My students won't stop trying to prank me (part 2)
The woman in the white dress
Worried after anesthesia yesterday
It wasn’t a dream. It wasn’t our imagination.
False advertising
False advertising
The Mirror Men [Part 1]
The Santa Claus list
The Shadow man and the Shadow dog
My Friend and I visited a couple of abandoned buses, it was a big mistake
False advertising
I saw a ghost in the old mirror
False advertising
It wasn't my wife who came home last night
My Girlfriend Has Become the Vessel for Some Primordial Greek Evil (part 1)
I'm just eating cheese
The Mirror Men [Part 1]
When we first moved in it was haunted
Who knew that a 14-year-old opinionated KID could be killed because of his opinions?
My school used to be a hospital for the mentally ill
I fell into a Coma and refuse to tell anybody what happened, I’m breaking it out to Reddit only.
Ghosts aren’t real.
Within the Burning Line
Your biggest fan
Hair Care
A Game With Death Part 1
what makes someone more vulnerable to being a victim of a crime?
The Case of Daniel Hardings (Finale)
I should have kicked this guy from the D&amp;D group a long time ago.
Need Help Finding a Story Name &amp; Podcast Episode
The Angel
To Whom This Body Belongs [2]
All the adults have gone
Something in my backyard
Living in my grandparents house
Just an average day in Philadelphia.
Buddha Bless me Buddha Bless you- by Jonathon Hills
Very scary
I Live In A Town That Doesn't Exist: Sunny Friends (Part 2)
I Might Be A Murderer
I Know What Happens When You Die
I can't sleep in the basement
It has been twenty seven days since the lights flickered
To a Breathless Oblivion
The diary of maddy Maddy and what was behind her mirrors (part 2)
The pills have opened my eyes.
The diary of maddy Maddy and what was behind the mirrors (part 2)
Th' Annual Skin Eatin' Contest
It’s Family Day here at Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline!
The Miller House
I Know What Your Cat Sees When It Stares At Nothing
We were stuck in construction traffic for eight hours. We finally found out what they were building. (Finale)
The diary of maddy Maddy and what was behind the mirrors (part 1)
I never asked for this...
Andrea
After my first time contacting the outside world, i’m doubting my town is normal.
The last Person on earth
I just woke up from having the most horrific dream I have ever had. I can’t even believe that my mind could conjure up something like this.
The Dead Ones
The boy in my closet and guest room
The Unsettling Room
I don't know if my neighbor owns a monster or is the monster
Im supposed to be 21 but I'm 19
DO NOT OPEN.
Andrea
The Key hole
The Nigthmares never end....
Lillith 2 of 3
I'm scared..
I met a homeless man who lived in a mansion
Groundhog Blues
A Hypnotist came to perform at our School. Nobody understood his final act
The haunted bear in my auntys house
Just Don't Go In The Basement
There's something dangerous here. (3)
The dog that made me jump😱😂🤣
I Realized My Life Was A Reality TV Show And I was Famous Yet Didnt Know it
I picked up a dead hitchhiker
My Brother is Obsessed with Music [Pt2]
My Brother is Obsessed with Music (Pt 2/End)
Take A Hike Down Memory Lane
I made a mistake on searching up "Disneyland death on Its a Small World"...
Offer some scary stories?
I can't trust anyone anymore.My neighbor was a satanist
My Life's Motto
My Meth Psychosis Story Or Maybe I Saw The Other Side?
The Snow
I saw my deceased classmate recently (Update)
My friend was part of a cult and tried to sacrifice me
The Bedtime Game
Continued
I saw my deceased classmate recently (update)
The Bedtime Game
The second my husband came home..
Has anyone seen strange things at the Dollar Tree recently? (Part 2)
The second my husband came home....
I met a man who doesn't exist.
Birthdays party’s don’t always end well
My most vivid nightmare
Guilt
The day my husband came home....
No Name
Guilt
I have seen the face of death , and she is beautiful part two
We can’t actually know for sure that we will die.
The Mirrors
Worship
زيارة عائلية
زيارة وهمية
I have seen the face of death , and she is beautiful part 1
The Seventh
The Missing (UPDATE #2)
Looking for the story of a child who grew up in a family cult and had to defend theirselves from the government... it was well written and I can’t remember what episode of the podcast it was on! Weird story
Just the Beginning
Postcards to My Wife
I think my brother found images that kill you
I think my brother has found images that kill you if you look at it or sounds that kill you if uou hear it
There's a house in the woods in Germany, and it's wrong
My Last House
The Book of Autonomancy (Part 9)
It, Is. Everywhere.
"Talk to me, Amy!"
I Found A Cracked Robin Egg
I'm a Conductor for a Railroad that doesn't operate like one.
The Minotaur's Labyrinth (Part 2)
My Friends Disapeared on Retreat Day and No One Knows Why
Safe
The Queen of Wolves
My name is Sage and I am terrified
The Space Between The Walls
The Space Between The Walls
I Can't Read Cursive Well
On The Road [P.1]
It won't stop following me....
I summoned a goddess and it didn't go how I thought...continued
A Game With Death Part 1
To Whom This Body Belongs
The Red Corvette
Head Rush
Being a Superhero isn't at all what I thought it'd be.
I know what's going to happen when I die...and I'm afraid
Sometimes when I look in the mirror I don't see myself
You never truly know a person.
What Comes For All
My dream told me what's going to happen when I die...
Please. Please stop drinking water. ALL water.
I woke up in an alternate reality
Don't listen to the buzzing or you will go to the place it comes from
I need to help Anna Summers.
Snow Day
PLAYING THE OUIJA BOARD - GONE WRONG!
That smile
They aren't from here
my boyfriend is dead?
I'm a Small Town Sheriff, and I'm Pretty Sure a Cult Just Moved into My Jurisdiction. part 1
I am from another universe
God Comes In The Darkest Of Night
The Retreat I Will Never Forget.
My Dog’s Secret (Part 1)
Glowing Lights on Manitoulin Island
no sleep
None Are So Empty As The Vain
How Getting High and Tripping In The Texas Desert Showed Me That I Have Eight Days to Prevent The End of the World: A Psychedelic Horror Detective Field Report. (Part 3).
“Serum D-15”
Tales of a Ranger (part 18)
The man in the mask.
Excerpts from the final letter sent to the Broadside Butcher by his mother, as found post his execution
I summoned a goddess and it didn't go how I expected...continued
Aliens abduct me EVERY Night. 👽
I saw something amazing I wish I didn’t part 2
I summoned a goddess and it didn't go how I thought it would (continued)
I saw something amazing I wish I didn’t...
The Sinker Chronicles #1
Feed Me
r/nosleep is trying to tell me something.
Perfect Family
Perfect Family
I get abducted my aliens EVERY night. 👽
My students won't stop trying to prank me
I get abducted by aliens EVERY NIGHT! 👽
My students will not stop trying to prank m
I can’t leave this labyrinth
I think my daughter is raising the dead (part two)GENERATION Z- in my opinion majority of them complete waste of space
The Handyman
i need help pt 1
How could anyone forget the day the sky turned purple? Part 3.
I Think Humanity May Have Gone Extinct—We Just Haven’t Noticed
9/11 was a Cover Up for a Failed Government Experiment
Murder, Betrayal, and Missing Posters (Part 1) **TRIGGER WARINING**
Tell me your true accounts of witnessing someone trapped in a death sequence
The Place Where Reality Broke
Creepy Camp Crywood
What really happened on September 11, 2001
With every day, it only gets worse...
I used to be a prisoner and one day a riot broke out and no one was helping (Part 1)
My babysitter horror story
A creepypasta from Finland
I just fought a ghost an hour ago.
Pet Store, but not only for animals (part 3)
My Personal Experienced
I gazed into abyss for too long
4 Bed/3 Bathroom House for Sale
I've Been Hearing A Disturbing Noise In The Dark Woods Behind My Home At Night. I'm Finally Going To See What It Is.
The Queen of Wolves
Have You Ever Experienced Insanity?
A Guide from A Monster Hunter Part VI
I think my friends old house is haunted
No one left unharmed
I think I discovered a new month, But it is a weird month
I work as a janitor for Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline, this is the only call I ever took.
The creepy man in the bushes returned to me
Th' Annual Skin Eatin' Contest
Scariest nightmare you've had
Part 1
Plz help
I summoned a goddess and it didn't go how I thought it would (continued)
iMommy app did something to my daughter
Easy Peasy Lemon Squeezy Convenience Mart
I did my own autopsy [Part 4]
Time to share what I've kept for myself.
I Work as a Janitor For Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline, This is the Only Call I Took
My best friend was abducted, and he stood right in front of my eyes. But I failed him.
I received a letter from Hogwarts School of Wizardry and Witchcraft. Something's terrifyingly wrong.
Dissection
Loud buzzing, vibrations throughout body, tingling in hands and forehead, pulling out sensation in my chest. anyone else experience this or know what it is?
I think "something" is following me
She's in my head.
I know this sounds fake. i would think so too. but at least pretend its real and help me. I`m begging you.
How I learned about something that I really fucking wish I'd never known
Something hides in the old barn.
The Ticking
If your couch has a weird smell get RID of it
The Fragrance of Pothos
There was something in the woods
Place
The last year in the life of Peter the Nobody
Tragic Disney Story
Listen
The serpent waits for me to sleep. There's ways to avoid dreaming at night, but sometimes you forget.
I knocked on the wall. And it knocked back.
The Midnight Drummer
I looked into her eyes.
THE CULT
The Mirror
I looked into her eyes.
How could anyone forget the day the sky turned purple? Part 3.
Stories from a security guard with a rather odd job. pt-1
I think my brother is going to kill me and my family
2 Sentence No Sleep Story
My friend was part of a cult
I can't trust anyone anymore.
That girl I used to know.
The Funny Guy
The crash wasn't the scariest part of the accident (Part 2)
Survive Another Night
Hi, my name is Jared, i am 17 and have been alive with PTSD for 12 years.
My new dog hates me
Hi, my name is Gus, I am 17 years old and have had PTSD for 12 of those years (NSFW).
It
My Mother Recently Died. Now I Keep Seeing Her Face In The Mirror Instead Of Mine. I Think I‘m Slowly Going Insane.
Since the first time I died, I've fallen in love with the angel of death (Part 2)
If you find this necklace Don't put it on, If you do you'll Regret it
A night with omegle to remember
My best friend is a siren and she wants to kill my dad
The Midnight Drummer
R382764
My mirror doesn't copy me.
The Midnight Drummer
My reflection doesn't copy me.
The Crow-Faced Kids
If your couch has a weird smell get RID of it
My Encounters with the Supernatural or How I was forced to save lives. [Part 2]
My mom hasn't come back from work for five days, and something is at the door.
The Case of Daniel Hardings (Part 2)
The Beast of the Appalachians
Eden
I'm home for the summer and I don't know what to think?
Windows
The Minotaur's Labyrinth (Part 1)
The Midnight Drummer
2 sentence ghost story competition
The Fragrance of PothosI met this girl named Dameus
The Book of Autonomancy: The Principles of Autonomancy (Part 8)
Murder. Betrayal. Missing posters. (Part 1)
We’ll be back in a minute
Brutally murdered over and over in my dreams by friends and family.
We’ll be back in a minute
Traditional Exorcisms are Overrated, and You Should Call Me Instead.
Every time I'm near an open window, I see a word printed in the sky. "Jump."
Around the corner
Memoirs from a small town deputy
I tried to save the soul of my life long friend.
They come at dark
The corpse who wanted my attention
The corpse who wanted my attention
The Shack by the Graveyard
Dominant Possessor
A Safer Alternative to Dodgeball
I Knew a Kid With a Really Long Tongue
The Gaze of the Mantis. PART ONE
its always the strangers rules
Hiba Naru or The Truth Behind The Tree's. Part one.
The Road To Killarney. You decide if this is Horrible or Horror
Excerpts from the final letter sent to the Broadside Butcher by his mother, as found post execution
Things That Scream Loudly
I set up a rule system for me and my fellow tenants.
I'll make my arrows from your bones. Final Part
some childhood things I would like to get off my chest. i figures this was the best place.
Hemichlophobia
He told me I was special, but I didn't want to be (pt 2)
Back in the old days, we had a strange job. Subject #11
Fabian socialist eugenics
HELP WANTED at the Sage Villa Apartments
I put my Spotify playlist on shuffle.
Fuck Showers.
Lady of the lake
“mass mental health breakdowns” they said
It's in the forrest. I know it's there somewhere.
Just another story for the nosleep mods
Dreams of being brutally murdered won't stop
recurring dream
A Horse of my Own, Part 1 of 2
At Peace
Real Story. Demonic Possession
He wasn't supposed to be in there
I think my daughter is raising the dead
Fundamental Taboo's Journal Entry 1 "My Life"
On the tenth anniversary of her death
I had some crazy dreams last night.
The Baby Jane Hudson Impersonator From The End Of The Cul-de-sac
The Quiet Kid
The Dark Day Erasure
The Chernobyl disaster was a coverup of something terrifying
I took a plane to another dimension
It watches
Catfish
I just turned 18, now I understand my mom.
I think there is something wrong at work
Cat Sitting: Part 2 of 2
Cat Sitting: Part 1 of 2
Things are disappearing into thin air
My dead internet friend. I miss him so much.
Things are disappearing out of thin air
Cat Sitting (part 2 of 2)
Cat Sitting (Part 1 of 2)
left alone in cannibal town but it isn't like you think
I love playing the piano, but someone or something likes watching me play just as much.
Things are disappearing into thin air
I summoned a goddess and it didn't go how I thought it would
nosleep all video 2019
Bare Bones, a Poem of Fear
He won't leave me
Dark Web
Things are disappearing into thin air.
It won't leave me alone.
I lived alone on a prairie. Past tense.
I’ve been playing games online with the Oculus VR, but last night something terrible happened during a party session
How could anyone forget the day the sky turned purple? Part 3.
Socks
I think I found a dimension in between dimensions, and something followed me back
The mutilated
Death’s Gambit
Lost in the Game
Lucy and the House Party
My Husband is Terrified of Drums
Vore
The Watcher
The harbinger experiment
The Pale Children
NoSleep Interview with Theworldisgrim!
I did my own autopsy [Part 3]
Logging Company
Make sure the eyes don't move
The mutilated
There was nothing I could have done
My terrifying experience in the Italian Republic
Its 3 am I am tired
An Imposter was in my house
Deam eater
My Father Shot Himself When I Was Four.
I Was Listening to the Nosleep Podcast and Heard Something Strange...The Night Owl's lullaby
8:00 PM
The Visitor
The thing in the window
Traitors of darkness
Has anyone seen strange things at the Dollar Tree recently? (Part 2)
Traitors of darkness
A regular day at the office.
If this is hell, then its contagious
All the adults have gone
My Perfect Jamie
I got an e-mail yesterday with a link, and now I'm fighting for my life
I Think I'm in Danger
My Brother is Obsessed with Music
I don't know if this qualifies for the subreddit but, first post go easy on me. I'd love any feedback
I Think I'm in Danger
No one is nominated Employee of the Month at Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline
This is a true story that happened to me a few months ago, but it still haunts me to this day. (This story does in fact seem like a stretch and I understand. It still frazzles me to this day.)
My encounter with it
My Dog Rio
I Have Been Leading a Troop to a Winter Outpost, We Lose a Man in the Snow Every Hour
Mess with my pens I will find you
There's something dangerous here. (2)
You suicidal, my friend?
The Truth About The World
I Hear Screaming Coming From The Woods At Night
If you live in the New England area, please don't turn out your lights
We Always Listened to Grandpa
I can't trust anyone anymore.
Jesse and the Well.
Mess with my pens I will find you
the harbinger experiment
I keep Having This Dream (NSFW)
Mess With My pens I will find you
Humans make the best farm animals
Humans make the best farm animals
I Keep Having This Dream
Mess with my pens, I will find you.
Analog fear
I Thought I’d Found the Best Lost 80’s Rock Band
How Being Threatened With Murder By A Native Elder Helped Me To Figure Out How Texas Teens Are Telepathically Communicating: A Psychedelic Horror Detective Field Report. (Part 2)
I’m usually fine with being alone, but now I feel as though I need someone.
I used to be lonely in my house. Thanks to him, I’m not anymore.
I never believed in ghosts as a child. And then I turned twelve and everything changed.
My Friend Told Me He Had Enough
The Creature
My childhood experience in a small rural town.
There's something bad happening at the steampunk parade
Don't close after midnight
I went on my first date last night. It was amazing, but...
The case of Daniel Hardings (Part 1)
A Family Dinner
Yesterday I had no kids. Today my daughter is 9
There's something dangerous here. (2)
I Used to be in a Cult, and We Did Something Horrible
We were stuck in construction traffic for 8 hours. Now there’s no turning back. (Part 3)
ten years ago
You Have 5 Seconds to Run.
I walked into my bathroom at around 4AM to find someone standing immobile facing the wall inside
What Is That Sound...? (part 1)
He told me I was special but I didn't want to be (Part 2)
The Complementary Regurgitation of Life
The Book of Autonomancy (Part 7)
Have you heard of the Third-Ritter bug?
The Final Frontier
Tales from the Pollack Pt.2
How my Cousin Became a real ‘Werewolf’
The road to nowhere
Now I'm Convinced, There's Something with this Road
the grim reaper looking ghost
If you have a paranormal question feel free to ask
I am immortal and someone or something is chasing me
I think my Husband is starving me to death
A Police Report for the Exorcism of Elizabeth Blanchard
they still need me prologue and wendigo
Something sinester is going on at my local McDonalds
Don't open the doors in the woods...
this story was hard to recount
My childhood experiences in a small town.
The attack.
A Nightmare I’ll Never Forget
Everytime i scratch my ass, it smells.
The Sinker
The crash wasn't the scariest part of the accident
Lilith - Part 2 of 3
I have a mud puddle to show you!
Vampire Defense Night School
Lucky Ricky's Pennies New Year advertisement
The TV is Watching Me final part
The Mutilated Came
Trains
The Mutilated Came
The body in my sisters closet
my sleep paralysis demon
Something is in the woods
It comes from the walls
If your reading this please help me...part 1
Always Disinfect Your Wounds Right Away!
I was a part of a vigilante assassins group (Part 1)
No Exit At AllI never
They’re back
How i got through my writers block
I Live in A Town That Doesn't Exist: Sunny Friends (Part 1)
A Doll Sent me Into Cardiac Arrest
Something weird happened someone please explain
Vigilante.
The strange flat mate
You should be more worried about the spiders you are NOT swallowing. All the gases we breathe are insect ghosts retaining their original form, but as gases now, jostling for nothing.
The Black knight Manifesto
Hush my child, it is time to rest.
The Desolate Town Dream
My roommate is obsessed with ASMR, but now she is doing something illegal in my room while I sleep [FINALE]
Hush My Child, It Is Time To Rest.
Diamondback Rock
The monster comes at midnight.
Many Happy Returns
It has been twenty four days since the lights flickered
I blew three times the legal limit. What's really troubling? I don't drink.
The monster comes at midnight.
All the adults have gone
I’m done.
Im really sure my teacher is a Phedofile
When the Ash Starts to fall, Stay Inside
Audio file #75390
Last online 4 years ago...
Ashatu the god that gets worshipped by not worshipping him
The Sawbone
The Darkness Upon La Muerte del Cielo
A scary experience for my cousin
my nightmare i had about 20 min ago
I just had a nightmare 20min ago.
I Can Feel It
The Ordinary People (Part 1)
Who I am? Where am I?
NEVER stay in room 06!
NEVER stay in room 06....
Somewhere in the South Pacific
I Keep Watching My Son Die
My Sister's Hair
I have a lot to tell.
I have a lot to tell.
I Don't Believe In Myself Anymore
I'm stuck inside my room, thinking on what I should do
Insomnia
I found out how to be telekinetic
The Other Driver
William
The Cruise was a Terrible Idea (pt1)
When the Ash Starts to fall, Stay Inside
I knew something was wrong, when he smiled
Someone tries to deliver a pizza to my door every night. When I answer, there’s nobody there.
I read a story on nosleep but had the nightmare two weeks before
Bugatti
Lately My Patient’s Have Been Unusual, Last Night I Figured Out Why.
Somethings Been Trying To Kill My Patients, I Think I Found It.
I don't Think Giant Tentacles are the Norm in the Atlantic Ocean (Part 1)
God is Satan's Favorite Demon
I need help I think there's someone on the other side of my mirror...
There's something dangerous here.
God is Satan's Favorite Demon
The White Owl
Hailstorm
More than Bats in the Belfry
My friend is a black market cannibal, And I don't know what to do
An emergency broadcast I'll never forget
The Watchers of the Forest
I think I Married Satan
Found a Xbox 360 today! (Part 1)
The Gas Station People
There is a museum in construction near me. And I think I saw myself there
I need a new place to stay.
I am Dr. Franklin. I have seen the supernatural and everyone thinks I'm crazy.
Shoes.
I shouldnt have passed up that girl...
There is a museum in-construction near me, and weird things move there.
The Window [Part 1]
Would "noclip" be the right term with a hospital elevator? My trip to the Floors-Between-Floors
The Freezer
He told me I was special, but I didn't want to be
Never, EVER do a foot peel.
My Sister won't leave.
Just a boring housewife, starved for a different life
My Sister won't leave and she wants to be with us forever.
Our First Date
How Being Threatened With Murder By A Native Elder Helped Me To Figure Out How Texas Teens Are Telepathically Communicating: A Psychedelic Horror Detective Field Report. (Part 2)
Heartstrings
I Think I Angered God.
ECO Experiment; Underneath the Ocean [Part 1]
I hear it
Why I Killed Myself
It's all a Joke to Her
He did it.
It’s a small world (thread)
Live Footage of a Ghost in the Cellar! +Story WARNING GRAPHIC CONTENT!
AirBnB: when it seems too good to be true, it is.
Live Footage of a Ghost in the Cellar! WARNING GRAPHIC CONTENT!
human parts
Follow-Up Appointments
Live Footage of a Ghost in the Cellar! WARNING GRAPHIC CONTENT!Gehénnam
The Book of Autonomancy: Meditations on the Skullfuck Ritual (Part 6)
Mr. Unlucky and the Vendetta of car accidents
The Room
I summoned a goddess and it didn't go how I thought it would
I can’t go back to my childhood home
Only in Whispers
Things aren't what they seem
It Got Loose And We Can't Find It
I attempted to taxidermy an animal I had never seen before. It is hunting me, and I have nowhere else to turn.
Something weird I remembered...
I heard everything is true here, even if it's not..
Never Take a Housekeeping Job at The Winchester Hotel
The man in my drawing.
I let an innocent family die. This is my story.
My friend’s town is really religious, but I don’t know what they’re worshipping because it sure isn’t God (Part 3)
The giant, human-faced mole-rat creature receded into the smoke. Now what do we do? Or, Our Serpentine Mother that Craves Asphyxiation (Part 2)
The truth will set you free
Deer Crossing
What If You Forgot How To Breathe?
Lilith-part 1 of 2
I think my wife and kids are actors (finale)
I can still hear it.
I think my wife and kids are actors (final part)
My son has a Exoskeleton
Terata
I Had No Idea My Perfume Hobby Could Be So Dangerous! (Part 2) FINAL
My Patients See Things, I Think I See Them Too.
I went on a trip a couple years ago , this is what I saw
Kids in my Town Keep Disappearing and Someone Keeps Breaking Into My House
Why I’m scared to go on a bike ride
Getchu - The Last Dating App You'll Ever Use
My Encounters with the Supernatural or How I learned to stop worrying and love the Mothman
I'm Friends With A Retired CDC Agent. There Are So Many Diseases You Haven't Heard Of. (Part 2)
Everybody stopped recognising me (part two)
My mom calls every Sunday and talks to us, but she’s been dead for 3 years.
Halloween isn’t fun anymore.
My wife was replaced by something not human.
Quem sou eu? Onde estou?
I lagged irl
My OCD.
I starting recording a video on my phone while I was sleepwalking.
My son let Pan out of his box at noon.
Police Report #00B-C2-47
Something's Been Trying To Kill My Patients, I Think I Found It.
Who is the Pitch-black looking Boy Figure and where does he really Exist?
I finally figured out how to travel between dimensions. I wish I didn't.
NEVER stay in room 06!
In my hometown there was a restaurant that was always open but no one could enter
My roommate is obsessed with ASMR, but now she is doing something illegal in my room while I sleep.
I can't forget my horrible dreams as a child 1
A woman in a white dress
Airbnb is not what it used to be
There is something wrong with my grandmas house
Door
I'm Too Scared to Face Hell Again
I think there's a cult behind my grandparents house (Part 2)
There is something wrong with my grandmas house
The mirror man
The man in the mirror
Thomas
The man in the mirror
something is making music
The smiling woman
I'm not from this universe. This is all new to me.
No one has ever challenged me so much as my homie just did.
Error
Real or Not
Skinwalkers: Dark Canyon Massacre
A Better Place
Earbleed.
Earbleed
●_●
...
Galactic Ninjas Killed My Aunt.
Mother Roshka
The Coat Hanger
The Coat Hanger
What is this creepy sound?
This boy was following my friends and I... turns out he wasn’t a boy
God is Satan's Favorite Demon
I’m scared to go back to work
Police Report #00B-C2-47; Reference: Smile.JPG
Has anyone seen strange things at The Dollar Tree Recently?
I saw my deceased classmate recently (Part 1)
Amy
She got my attention.
I'm Just Trying to Mow My Lawn
There was something wrong with my family's old house
Commenting on NoSleep posts may cost me my life
Don't stop reading, they're coming
Hitchhiking is terribly dangerous... you never know who might pick you up.
My scary friend - 1 (He is a very weird guy)
The Moon isn't Just a Rock, it is Much More Terrifying
Extremely Creepy Experience At My School Last Year
Everytime I die the day starts over
I’m going to keep this short...
I dont know what's happening with my dog
Sanctuary
Because Life is just that CruelIn my hometown there was a restaurant that was always open but no one could enter
I saw heaven and I would rather go to hell
Growl
Living in rural Missouri has given me some odd experiences
Bugatti
Help finding a series
I’m Sure My Supermarket is Violating Health Codes
Bugatti
I Am A Human Dollhouse
Nourthmourn, W.I.P
This Is My Scariest 911 Call. And It Happened During Training.
Scratching
The face I saw through my covers
Minecraft... No Mojang Is a Nightmare
An emergency broadcast I'll never forget
An emergency broadcast I'll never forget
An emergency broadcast I'll never forget
Don't look for me. [Part 3]
Won't be sleeping in the back of the truck anymore
I Need Your Best Stories to Share on My Podcast
My T.V has weird channels, And I went crazy because of it.
Just another story for the nosleep mods
There's a Polish man that keeps coming to my house
An action story
My Dog Summoned A Demon
My cousin’s boyfriend
I used to have a twin, but I forgot her
The woods
SCP:096
My Dead Friend Was Right About UFOs All Along?
My Sister loves me.
Diary Entry 01 - The Beginning
My dog summoned a demon
I'll make my arrows from your bones. Part Three.
My Brother Killed Himself
Need a ride? part 1
Eight feet tall (part 2)
Everybody stopped recognising me (part two)
I killed all of my colleagues, and I'll never get caught. This is my confession.
goodbye...(Part 4)
Eight feet tall (part 1)
I Think My Apartment Is Haunted - Please Help Me
I thought the neighbor kids were messing around in my yard. I was wrong.
My Brother Killed Himself
The Book of Autonomancy: Communications Journal (part 5)
Did I Ever Tell You Why I Dropped Out of College?
I hunt Greek and Roman Mythological monsters. This is a survival guide if you come across one. Part 1: Wraiths and Hellhounds
Guardian "Angel"
Terata
Our Serpentine Mother that Craves Asphyxiation (Part One)
Save my soul
The man in Branson, MO
A Morons Guide to Poltergiest
Tales from the Pollack
Something is DEFINITELY wrong with my TV.
There's something hiding in the old barn
How I Met My Beautiful Bride.
I never knew Magpies could talk [Part 3] Final
Deer Crossing
I Killed A Monster Today
Weedkiller
I’m sorry
An emergency broadcast I'll never forget
7 Days, 7 Monsters - MONDAY
I never knew Magpies could talk [Part 3 - Final]
6 very Bad Days and the Worst Day ever.
God's Deputy
My wife and I went on a cruise last week. We barely made it back Alive. Final Part.
I Ended up Somewhere Else while waiting on my Daughter's School Bus Yesterday. Somewhere Awful.
My Brother Killed Himself
Killing is now normal
Angor Animi: A Sense of Impending Doom
The Charlie Game
My brother kills everything that he thought of as not normal.
Angor Animi: A Sense of Impending Doom
I Had No Idea My Perfume Hobby Could Be So Dangerous! (Part 1)
I recently wrote a book about my near death experience
Whores don't live
Nobody else is on campus today. Something feels wrong.
I Had No Idea My Perfume Hobby Could Be So Dangerous! (Part 1 of 2)
The Archive
The news is flooded with murder. I don't know what to do.
Everybody stopped recognising me (part one)
I think somebody is in my house.
I'm sorry
Anna [part 4]
I never knew Magpies could talk [Part 3 - Final]
Something is moving behind the clouds and I'm finally seeing clearly.
My Name is Pebcak and I'm a Moderator Here At NoSleep. I Want to Clear Some Things Up.
I sleep too much and I had always wondered what happens around me when I'm asleep at night.
Anna [p4]
I saw some terrible things as a missionary. I'm ready to open up about them (part 2).
An emergency broadcast I'll never forget
119
Patient Z
I snuck into the zoo after dark, but then I fell into the most notorious exhibit in the country.
Something Grim in the Orchard
Something Grim in the Orchard (NSFW)
Ive been slipping through alternate realities, and i dont want to stay in my original reality anymore...
Boo!Have you helped an injured animal because that's why I'm scared
Blurry
At 14 I Witnessed an Unearthly Carnival
We had to make up scary stories to tell in class. One stood out from the rest.
The Glossy Sky (part 1)
What is better to perform a 6 hour task: 2 hours of sleep and waking up even worse than awake or pulling an all nighter?
testimonies of freedom
There's an imposter Pt1
Ghost was next to me in bed
Don't read this
I loved night riding, but not anymore [Part 1]
I Kissed A Dead Girl
Ị̶̶̢͇̜̝͈͍̙̣̥̈͐͢͠ ̸̶̸̭͇̣̱̯̤̱̠͍̘͂ͮ̓̈́ͪ̋̂͟҉҉́͡ą̸̗̤͎͍̰̳̗͕̝̰̘̠̭̦ͮ̾̽͑͝͝͝͝͞͡͝҉̷̡͘͘͘͠͡m̵̵̢ͫ͒́͏̧ ̶̵̷̵̢̢̛̭̺̙̲̫̼͈͙̻̠̤̩̑̓̋̄̀̀́͘͢͜͡͝͞͞͡ͅh̨̡̝͚͎̦̦̱̫͇̪̜̔͛̏̑͋̒͑ͤͪ͋̄̏̂̎̇̿̀̚͢͏̴̶̴̶̡̛̕͟͠͞e̢̱̲͉̤̲̭̳͈̮͈̻̘̙̩̳̰̭̥͖̒̏ͤ̐͂̓͑̄ͯ̈̃͏̧̨̛́́͘͘͢r̸̟̹̺͔̙͖͈̱͖̪̟̩̯͐̍͒̌ͯ̅ͮ͑̍ͦ̂́́͜͜͟͞ͅ͏҉͞ȩ̷̶̷̪͇̲̱̭͈̟͎̜͇̹͚̟̱͉͚͉ͤ͗̿̽ͬ̌
never be too sure
Bon Appetit
Something Won't Let Me Sleep
Me and my friends had a spooky sleepover!
I hunt Greek and Roman Mythological creatures. This is a survival guide if you come across one. Part 1: Wraiths
Walk of life
Demons
A night at the cabin.
The walk of life
Diary Entry 01 Date 11/21/26
My brother just died. His last words will haunt me forever.
The Moon isn't Just a Rock, it's much more terrifying
I Literally Can't Sleep
Fatal OS Error
Elizabeth: The girl who follows. (True Story)
A Contract To Die For (Part One)
A Quick Question
In Remembrance: The Rat Journals. (2)
What the hell is going on?
What is outside my window?
FATAL OS FAILURE
An emergency broadcast I'll never forget
What is outside my window?
Maria
I cant decide if this should be posted here
When I wake.
The differences of life and death
Razor Mouth (part 2)
The Horrors of Laboratory Work
A Girl I Knew Was Murdered 8 Years Ago and I Still See Her.
A little extra...
A Girl I Knew Was Murdered 8 Years Ago and I Still See Her.
Alaskan Guide,Trapper,and Monster hunter
I'm a Certified Exorcist who is also available via Skype,I may have a problem.
local alert
Ghost bikes
I'm Friends With A Retired CDC Agent. There Are So Many Diseases You Haven't Heard Of: Firegaze (Part 2.)
Hi
I'm a 911 operator and one call stands out from the rest
Every Guy I Fall in Love with Dies
I decided to listen to the homeless man, and you shouldn't look at the moon.
Amy
Why I can’t love
He Who Peeks Under The Door
The 44th Annual Field Day
We were stuck in construction traffic for 8 hours. Now we're somewhere else entirely. (Part 2)
The 44th Annual Field Day
We’re Building an Autonomous Car
Last Night I Kidnapped Myself...
Glory to the Righteous Chosen
Last Night I Kidnapped Myself...
Make Your Wish
Make Your Wish
This was only posted because I had to.
I know how Everyone Dies.. Including You
The NoSleep Mods have met an immovable object...
The mods know
I'm a 911 operator and one call stands out from the rest
They always know
My Brother Killed Himself
A drunken night at the Blue Room changed everything.
They know
THE MANGO TREE
Nature Sleep Solution For Better Night Sleep Supplement Pills For Men And Women | Natural Sleep Aid To Get A Better Night's Sleep
The Hitchhiker on Horizon Street
A drunken night at the Blue Room changed my life forever.
They're The Crazy Ones
They know
I've started noticing "things".
Is Anywhere Safe for Me?
The Deef was never supposed to be something real
do not resist the voices
I fired my colleague. He never left.
Rebooting my YouTube channel.
Don't. Turn. Around
I just bought a new GPS, but it took me to the wrong destination.
The Wal-Mart Ghost Children
I will never go into a basement again
How Almost Going Blind Brought Me Closer To Figuring Out Why Texas Teens Are Staying Awake For Months On End: A Psychedelic Horror Detective Field Report.
The Moon isn't Just a Rock, It's Much More Terrifying
Nothing's there
How Almost Going Blind Brought Me Closer To Figuring Out Why Texas Teens Are Staying Awake For Months On End (A Psychedelic Horror Detective Field Report).
In Memoriam
The Wal-Mart Ghosts (True Story) Potential NSFW
The Bassinet
Always Know What You Are Getting Into
Any kinda advise please?Amittyville Horror Ghost(s) on Google Maps?! Looked up the house, got scared. Looks like figures on the left? Like shadowy children or maybe one figure? Took screen video scrolling through street view for other angle. Nothing shows😬Link to my imgur for video/pics: https://imgur.com/gallery/hA46Eta
The Smiling Corporation
Tales from the Pollack
The Smiling Corporation
"We are being cased"
The Smiling Corporation
The Smiling Corporation
Around us
I'm stuck in an alternate reality.
A Guide from A Monster Hunter Part V
I don't know where I am, and I don't know what to do next
Around us
The Green Man Almost Killed Us
I have ended it. Bye
I probably worry too much. Part two.
Wanna ride?
The Worst Damn Waffle House Experience of My Life [Part 1]
B
Measure my insanity
That Was Last Night
Sleeper Agent
You want a ride?
You want a ride?
Has Anyone Ever Heard of "The Village Awaits"?
The Pregnancy Scare of Doberman Hills
Missing Girl.
Tapping and Knocking
Where to buy deep web monster hunter mystery box?
A Contract To Die For (Part One)
Don't look for me. [Part 2]
I love you. :)
I'm A Vampire Hunter On My Way To Kill Dracula
I think my wife and kids are actors (part three)
Alone: Why We Won’t Tape a Kids’ Version Ever Again
The baby won't stop crying, and I don't know what to do
Don't look for me. [Part 2]
I think I’m in grave danger
It helps to controle emotions!
Dont look for me. [Pt 2]
Paranoid
he never said goodbye (Part 3)
he never said goodbye (Part 4)
he never said goodbye (Part 3)
Mr.Nice
Cŵn Annwn
Mr.Nice
I regret moving to Alaska (2)
Today it's one year since our friend died...
The Secondary case of Eric Bloodbane: Palms of meat
My wife and I went on a cruise last week. We barely made it back Alive. Part Three.
I’m a Temp at Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline, And I don’t want to work here anymore
They somehow found me out
The glitch on my phone showed me we are all living a lie
119
I never knew Magpies could talk [Part 2]
The Little Somnambulist
This is a true event, and everything said is true. Most names will be changed for safety. Please forgive errors this is my first post as well.
My Family is Falling Apart - Final
The Ugly Barnacle
I Locked The House From Mr. Armless, Our NeighBour
Im a 911 operator and one call stands out from the rest
The voices in the woods
I’m being watched everyday and it only gets worse
I'll make my arrows from your bones. Part Two.
Soup of the Day
My brother is being discriminated by the villagers. (Part 1)
Weird Things Have Been Happening
What is a mildly creepy paranormal dream you had?
There's something in my house!
The voices in the woods
It's too late. Just listen
The voices in the woods
I received a strange e-mail, and I think I'm in danger.
What was your creepiest dream or encounter with someone/something in the dream?
I want to write a story, here is an outline. The basic concept. Ideas? It needs a lot of work but I wanted to throw this together and see if it’s worth continuing? Some things don’t make sense that eventually will.
The voices in the woods
I'm terrified of the NoSleep mods
The Woman Through The Keyhole
Niagara Ice Wine
Creepy Youtube channel (channel 25784)
I Hope He Never Forgets Tonight and Warns His Friends
I haven’t woken up from my night terror yet
Flickering
Strange happenings..
The Pain and Confusion
Floor Zero
Death will never come.
the language of violence
There's something wrong with my vision
I’m a mock indigo
too much if it's present
My daughter doesn't want to carry our family tradition.
The Time I Fired A Pain-In-The-Ass Writer
I’ve been stuck in a loop of murdering my family for over a year
No good will come of this (part 1)
19 year old wearing 2 layers of black
Alaskan Guide,Trapper,and Monster Hunter.
No Good Will Come of This (1/3)
My dead classmate is contacting me (Part 1)
Her name was Monika Jeppesen (Part 1)I'm stuck in an alternate reality.
Help - my MIL has these weird spider minions, and it's getting out of hand.
Her name was Monika Jeppesen
Bedroom Door [Part 1]
the scare [for mini ladd]
The girl nextdoor.
the scare (for mini ladd)
Weird things are happening since I first posted...
I have the only soul in the suburb [Part Two]
The Book of Autonomancy (part 4)
I can hear voices in the walls of my new home
I'm going to wake up soon
The walls in my house are speaking to me
I killed a Shadow Man or at least I think I did
The Boy With The Burning Eyes
All she wanted was to ruin my life.
A Relic Of An Ancient Past
In Remembrance: The Rat Journals.
If anyone thinks food has been tasting off please read
The Light Returns
Message Request
The Man With Burning Eyes
I'm glad I got out of there....
I'm A Vampire Hunter On My Way To Kill Dracula. Luckily For Me I Just Came Across A Vampire Hunting Sale.
There's always been something deeply unsettling about ballet.
I figured out how to avoid dying but now I've messed it up
I got a copy of a game I love from a friend. But the button layout seems...odd
My Town Is Strange
The key to any successful relationship is to know which questions not to ask
They Chose to Breed
Salvage Yard
P.O.E.
Disconnected
I think I’m being followed home everyday
Fall
I Was Commissioned to Paint the Storm
If you hear three knocks DONT LOOK
I Love My Wife
Within the Walls (Part One)
I Know An Active Murderer Who Is Wanted By Many People. (Part 1)
I hunt monsters for a living, and the world might end (Part 3)
To tired to sleep or idk..
Mia
All my friends are dying
I think my dad is hiding something
It's a matter of time
I Met a Celestial Being
I think my dad is hiding something
10 year fear
The Green Man Nearly Killed Us
I think someone tried poisoning my dog.
Hillary Clinton ate my asshole.
GHOSTRANSFERITUAL
My encounter with the Hat Man
DALLAS MUSIC SCENE
Domestic Disturbances...
I think something or someone has been pinching my toe in the middle of the night
Descent
Sentient
My wife turned into a wendigo
I think the boogie men are after me
The boogie men might be after me
I returned home for a jacket, I found something very bad.
How could anyone forget the day the sky turned purple? Part 2.
The Destroyed House In The Woods
Is the Leap Motion compatible with the Index?
My girlfriend just disappeared.
Associates
God
Something Is Talking Through My Fan
The Truth of Fiction
The Boy In My Vent (Part 2)
A cleansing of souls
Its 11 AM and it’s pitch black outside
My son vanished for a year, he's different now...Part 1: Backstory
I'm Friends With A Retired CDC Agent. There Are So Many Diseases You Haven't Heard Of.
I Found An Old Diary. And Everything in it Comes True . . .
Central station (english translation)
I think there's something wrong at work
I read a book called "The Spaghetti Lad"
Everyone Loves Us in Our Village
The only memory left of my mother
The city that doesn’t exist
Weird thunder on a clear day
The scariest quiz I have ever taken
I never see my children when I sleep
My brother is my hero, part 2.
This Most Curious of Curiosities
Story of Jon and Jane
I never see my children when I sleep
Please Do Not Touch The Mirror
Story of Jon and Jane
What happened to 'Vessel 2149'
Everyone Loves Us in Our Village
Don't look for me.
Roots
This thing isn't just a dream anymore
I saw a dead kid today
The Devil Just Asked Me For Help Pt 2
My wife died, i think she really didn't Pt.2My character stalks me.
A Typical End to the Semester
A Murder of Crows
I Used to Call Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline But Now I Work Here
I just broadcasted the biggest Twitch stream of my life, but now me and my chat are scarred for life (FINALE)
I wake up somewhere near my house this time I woke up in my bed and I'm worried
My Creepy encounter with a stalker
I never dream about my children.
My love for an enigmatic woman:
My wife and I went on a cruise last week. We barely made it back Alive. Part Two
I never knew Magpies could talk [Part 1]
Reference photos
I Work at the Darabont County Archives - Part Five
So I Clipped Through a Mirror… (Part 1)
A drunk killer chased me near a small abandoned park
I regret moving to Alaska (2)
Motion Detected at your Ring Doorbell
A broken man.
Shadow figures?
Something followed me from my past.
Someone helped me start to overcome my depression
I Tired Past Life Regression and Now Something is After Me
[Trigger warning: Depression/Mild child abuse] Someone helped me start to overcome depression
I Tried Past Life Regression and Now Something is After Me
I Bought an Unreleased Toy On Ebay
Monsters have invaded our world, and nobody else can see them but me and my friends. [Part 1]
I can’t take it anymore, the sleep paralysis is too much.
How could anyone forget the day the sky turned purple? Part 2.
Camera behaving weirdly, need advice
I don't think the new mods are working out
How could anyone forget the day the sky turned purple? Part 2.
I'm A Lab Security Guard and One Of The Technicians Has Done Something Unforgivable
The Notes I Found in the house/basement
Im glad i have a stalker
Jim's Gym: Join Today!
The Notes I Found in the house/basement
I probably worry too much
Jim's Gym
India vs South Africa Live Match 8 |RSA vs IND Live Stream| ICC Cricket World Cup 2019
The noises outside
Not A Typical Haunting
I'm Not A Kidnapper
Not Your Typical Haunted House
My Haunted House
The delay on my TV is starting to worry me… Pt2
It was not a disease.
The Notes I Found In A Basement
The Notes I Found in a old abandoned house/basement
The Notes I Found In A Abandoned House/Basement
Under the Sun
Religion is not FREEDOM
The Dot that Moved Across my Wall
The Dot that Moved Across my Wall
The delay on my TV is starting to worry me…Pt2
The delay on my TV is starting to worry me…Pt2
the smiling girl in white.
"The Person Who Watches" by Abigayle Johns
The Devil
The 8th continent.
Phantasmagoria
Before the Backrooms
I like my bugs.
I Got My Tonsils Removed And Almost Died
I can see the aura.
The Creature of the Cursed Tree
The Book of Autonomancy: A Spell for Freedom from Social Media (Part 3)
sleep paralysis part one
The Book of Autonomancy (A Spell for Freedom from Social Media, and Part 3)
They made me the most intelligent human alive, and now They want to destroy me.
I keep having the same dream
Message request
The Hairs
The Reason I Never Sleep With The Light On
Message request..
The Hairs
Please help me find this story
My Grandpa, The Cultist
My ghost story.
I've been in a mental hospital (Part 1)
I Got My Tonsils Out And Almost Died.
notHing strange is happEning. all is weLl, i Promise
My Friends
Puteri Bunian (Princess of Elves)
The experiment
The Lost Elevator
IF ANYONE THINKS THAT FOOD HAS BEEN TASTING WEIRD PLEASE READ
Yeet
There’s something in the walls
The Tale of Devil's Lair
7 years past I still remember vividly.
The Mirror that Haunted Me (Part 1)
I feel that I should explain what happened.
0
That Little Kid [Part 1]
An odd experience while out on a walk
I heared voices through my headphones for months.
Has Anyone Heard of This Dr. Seuss Book?
I went to Dr. Phil’s Turn-About Ranch. He tried to kill me there.
I Think I Found a Letter from Someone Stuck in Liminal Space
It came at night, lives in the woods and tried to kill my cat.Playful spirit girl in my dorm
What if everytime you fall asleep, your conciousness, that makes you you, dies. Which in the morning is replaced with a perfect copy of the previous conciousness, with all it's memories.
Last drug you ever take
My Pony Boy
The wendigo that didn’t leave me alone
It watched me from the dark
TheDrownedKid on reddit
It watched me from the dark (a possible series)
It started with one weird dream, then it turned into a real life nightmare
The sound of frogs
A decade after my parents murder, I finally discovered why....
Daddy Knows Best. Always.
A pirates unlucky life
I Think Someone Is Under My Bed
Finding My True Self Part 2
The Staring Lady
One Hell Of A Drug...(Draft)
Strange
Missed Connection in Raritan, NJ
Strange
What if everytime you fall asleep, your conciousness that makes you you, dies. And is replaced the next morning with a perfect copy that has all the previous conciousness' memories.
Strange
If you see her swipe left!
Strange
Wake Up
The shape on top of the sea
Cŵn Annwn
The reason I became a serial killer (part 1)
The Listener
Real Dream I Had- Look into Afterlife?
The Trees
Notes from isolation experiment #1 (pt 5)
Notes from isolation experiment #1 (final part)
The Creature of the Cursed Tree
IF ANYONE THINKS FOOD HAS BEEN TASTING OFF PLEASE READ
The Scout Movement
My indigenous grandmother told me the origin of my favorite fruit
Indecent report 3301, Subject 21, Missing.
And Miyoko Waited
The Trees
The Hollow-Out
I think my wife and kids are actors (part two)
Something bad happened a year ago
I think there's someone following me
My cat kills drunk drivers. I think.
The Shadow
Nonfictionary experience, that happened about 5 years ago.
Duolingo strikes back
The Steel Beast of La Paz
Wendigo of Maniwaki/Messines
I know I’m not alone...
Two sentence horror stories 👻 (sorry it doesn't completely follow the rules I'm only 11, ok?)
The Boy who lived under a house.
Late last night
I don't think they're my family
Night Terror
I touched a symbol engraved on the wall of a haunted church
I might be asleep typing this and cannot wake up, please contact
I can hear banging below the ground floor, but there isn't a basement
Red Eyes
The Nightmare Wing
The Bluebell woods
The Nightmare Wing
Splashing
I just broadcasted the biggest Twitch stream of my life, but now me and my chat are scarred for life. (part two)
The fighting neighbors / I need your help
The Limping Woman
Into the dark
Super short but I need help!
Look at the sunset.
I need some help
My Wife and I went on a cruise last week. We barely made it back Alive.
My Wife and I went on a Cruise last week. We barely made it back Alive.
Something bad happened a year ago.
I had a visitor today...
I Was Off Planet When the World Ended.
Wendigo of Maniwaki (my experience)
I had a visitor today
I have the only soul in the suburb [Part One]
I Keep Hearing Music When I Answer The Phone At The Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline
The delay on my TV is starting to worry me...(PT2)
I have the only soul in the suburb [SERIES]
My Worst Fear..
The one reason why
My dad is acting strange after he was discharged from the hospital
Why I never joined a medical experiment ever again
It has been twenty one days since the lights flickered
Here's why I'm scared of big forests
I keep having the same dream
There is something very wrong with my psych patient
Don't Watch TV Alone At Night
I keep having the same dream
Same dreams over and over
My neighbour behaves as if there is someone in his room in his absence
My daughter’s baby shark toy is glitching.
My neighbor behaves as if there is someone in his room in his absence
The Disappearance of Mia Dahl
I own a pawn shop for oddities and creatures the public doesnt and cant know about (part 2)
It Just Won't Leave Me Be
StoplightEcclesiastes
I've returned in that place without moving...
Red Balloons
Joy.
I was part of a drug bust that went wrong
I was part of a drug bust that went wrong
My school is not safe anymore
man door hand hook car door
My daughter’s baby shark toy keeps glitching.
Dream that was a look into afterlife?
It won't stop coming out. (Part 1)
I was afraid for my life this morning
The delay on my TV is starting to worry me…
"Cannibal Club"
Reclaimed.
Childhood Memories
Beware,Beware the player XxMortiumxX
A Void is Swallowing My Neighbor's House and I Have Picture Proof
The Dichotomy of the Forest and the Fields
Why I Don’t Like Beaches
Hope
It Says It's God
The Holder of Eternity
Phoenix Tears
"saved"
"saved"
They think my sister is dead but they’re wrong. She’s in my room and she won’t stop screaming.
I'm a patient at a mental asylum but I'm not insane (PART 1)
Skydiving: My Final Jump
The Holder of Eternityl
The Chiming Just Won't Stop
Anna [part 3]
Shower Concert
The Book of Autonomancy (part 2)
Night Ride
I can't leave my apartment because I'm getting blurry
This clay mask has over 11,000 5-star reviews it is the only thing that has helped clear up my skin extremely fast
I used to live in an abusive household, here's how my life turned around for the better.
there's something called "the void" (Part 2)
there's something called "the void"
Have you ever seen the Void? [Part 2]
I just want to go
I died 5 years ago. I'm going to die again soon. (Part 2)
So, I just tripped [Part 5]
Every 12 hours a random butthole appears on a wall in my home. It drops me an item I’ll need for that day. Yesterday it dropped a weird talisman. (Part 1)
Blood Law (Part Five)
there's something called "the void" (Part 2)
Brittany
Atlanta writer dies from unsubscribing from emails.
Why
I'm Not the Only Me and I'm Running Out of Time.
What if the skin receded after your hair
HELP, I'm not the only me and I'm running out of time
Finding My True Self
I found a strange file called “I think my face is changing but no one else seems to notice”
The marriage from Hell
The Backrooms are real. My girlfriend was trapped there.
He Won't Stop Watching Me Sleep
Karma Is Effects From A Cause
One Bullet
There Was Nothing There But...
Have you ever heard of the Childhood Psychopathy Diagnostic Observation Scale?
I didn't sleep for 2 1/2 days and this is what happened.
I never should have asked Esther Pedersen to prom
I think there’s someone following me (Part 1)
The Steel Beast of La Paz PART 2
A demon stalked me from my window
The Steel Beast of La Paz
If you're reading this I'm probably dead
Chicken rot
We Turned the Universe Inside Out
The Infection
My Grandma’s Mirror has something in it, and now I believe I am going to die.
Not Alone
A friend showed me a voice in the ground
The Breakin
Red Eyes
Mother
I'll make my arrows from your bones.
There is a sound that falls on deaf ears [Part 4]
The Shower Thing
I think I wandered into a place that doesn't exist.
Antelopes.
Red Eyes
My Experience
Havobi625 [Part 1]
We All have Fears. i think i need help
Why me?
I'm typing this inside of my 8 foot long python
Why me?
Working as a police officer was the ideal job for me, but not anymore
Clockwork Man
Something is moving behind the clouds and it turns everyone insane.
There's Someone in my Closet
Oof
Did the Dollmaker just kidnap my friend's crush from the Foster House?
Call/visit this school
The Cherry Killer
the shadow that watches me sleep
There's something called the void (Part 2)My Husband Keeps Tucking Our Daughter In Every Night. We Don't Have Any Kids.
O DEA TENEBRIS (VAMPIRES)
My Niece
The Edge of Space.
This is for real, i need your help guys, real help, I need to collect reliable information about vampires, I need spells, stories and real locations. I know it may sound like a joke, but it is not, I have dedicated to find them and try to get in touch with them, this is my destiny, o dea tenebris.
My friend texted me asking to meet up, she died four years ago.
My parents sent me to boarding school and I can't leave.
short Story
Between the Walls
I Worked As A Health Inspector At McDonalds I Regret It.
The Siren Head
I think they’ve kept me for two years
They Won’t Stop Staring
Grandma's Mirror
My demonic power was unleashed on my town (fictional)
Please direct your attention to the screen.
I found a message in a bottle. And another. And another.
Safety Demonstrations
I owe a demonic spider six human lives - Part 1
Tonight, a girl with no eyes and no nose will come to your closet and...... And....uh..... You'll die
They kept me for two years
I regret moving to Alaska (3)
Stories from the Thrift Store: The candelabra (part 3)
Safety Demonstrations
I regret moving to Alaska (2)
The Saddest Dead Man I Ever Saw
I regret moving to Alaska (1)
I've discovered the only thing I'm afraid of nestled deep in the Amazon rainforest.
My nemesis jumped me on the last day of school
The Little Boy in the Bathroom
Scary experience
My Dad is Homeless, and something’s been happening
Demons Walk Among Us
The Elevator at Work Stopped on the 13th Floor. There isn't a 13th Floor. FINAL
I can hear banging below the ground floor, but there isn't a basement
I just broadcasted the biggest Twitch stream of my life, but now me and my chat are scarred for life.
How do you kill a Storytime Stanley?
How could anyone forget the day the sky turned purple?
Every 12 hours a butthole appears on a random wall in my house. It drops an item pertaining to a problem in the day. Yesterday it dropped a weird talisman. (Part 1)
The Girl In The Green Dress
This one call changed my life while I worked for the Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline
My nightmares......come to life....
Every 12 hours a butthole appears on a random wall in my house, it gives me a chosen item I need for that day. Yesterday, it dropped a really weird talisman. (1/?)
I saw some terrible things as a missionary. I'm ready to open up about them (part 1).
After this I'm not babysitting again
My experience with Morongo valley. Story 1
The "Dream Experiment"
There's a guy wanting a job interveiw but im not a manager of any type
Dead of Winter Apocalypse
I accidentally created a torture device
I did my own autopsy [Part2]
Monsters of Light
Guilty Pleasure
Never Speak Ill of the Dead
Guilty Pleasure
Untold Stories of the World, issue 2 - Raised by Aliens
NEED HELP WITH VAMPIRES
Everything is true here, even if they aren't
Yesterday i had 5 kids, now i have 2 kids.
Have you ever had to 'kill' your daughter?
Something's happening to a plastic display animal on our park's safari trail
I've been eating my mom
I created the Venus Flytrap
Nightmares
So what's the protocol when you're checking under the bed for monsters, and there is something there?
I can’t sleep, I know my house housemates are plotting my intervention
Ok so for about 3 nights in a row i swear i hear someone out side my window.. keeps me up all night if i can ill record it.. but i think they just left.
The End of Times
Technically, I’m 125 years old. But haven’t aged a day since 1933
I know I’m not alone...
My husband
My older sister writes children's books. We brought one of her characters into the real world.
The Knife...
The Knife
Noclipped into the Backrooms during a dream.
Plymouth Fury's Bloody Sundays S1E1 - Dead Of Night
Sometimes, when I can't sleep, it reminds me of the nights lying awake in my bed in Kenya.
Tall, Dark, and Horrifying
Everybody is a book of blood; wherever we're opened, we're red.” ― Clive Barke
Since the first time I died, I've fallen in love with the Angel of Death (Part 1)
I Found A Book That Reverts My Daughter’s Death
The Young Women Values- 3. Individual Worth
My dream's murderer
After Jane, PART 1
I’ve been at JFK for twelve hours. Why are there no flights to Chernobyl?
I Think Something’s Wrong With My Implant
Choosing between garlic and ginger might be your toughest decision.
Toddler Bedtime Manipulation
The chip
New intern, would appreciate some advice
I Think I Just Killed Someone
I Can't Find My Friend
The Devil Just Asked Me for Help
If you find this
Have you ever seen the Void?
Anna [part 2]
I'm in an auditorium right now, listening to somebody give a speech. I need to get out of here.
I woke up from a dream
The Light Bulb
BuzzingPlease stop killing spiders.
I can influence my dreams...and I need help.
I’m going to die tonight. (Part 1)
I Thought it was my Dad.
18th Century Lady (?)
I was kidnapped for 3 years.
James
I was ghosted by a girl and now I think she's haunting me
I work at an aquarium and something bad is happening (part 2)
The Blank-zone store
Someone In my attic.. scared
The Demon Down the Street
Book of Soyga Tables Fed Through Google Translate
Hand
I hunt monsters for a living, and its one hell of a job (part 2)
Everything dies in the end only somethings take longer than others.
This isn't a book club, is it?
The closet monster
Has anyone ever tried The Campfire Ritual?
I hunt monsters for a living, and its a hell of a job (Part 2)
Nine months
The Devil in White
The Honeymoon
The Honeymoon
Mother.
I met a siren.
something is playing music
After Jane Part 1
Call and visit this place
Creature tells me the future
The Ceremony
I Saw A Man In The Woods: Chapters 1 &amp; 2
The Third Eye Person
The recordings from within the woodlands, part 2
Creature tells me the future
Family [pt.2]: Found
Creature stalker tells me the future
I think the Government covered up what happened to vessel 2149.
I wish I never saw what my future had in store for me.
My best friend
Alexa is creeping me out
Yesterday I had 3 kids, today I have 4
Trapped
I joined my friend's odd Discord server. I am now locked in his basement.
If you're reading this I'm probably dead
The Book of Autonomancy (part 1)
Sleep paralysis
The thin line between torture and tortured to death.
My 3D printer made something strange on its own
‘I bought a flat panel TV at a salvage store’
Story with a ghost
I think something is trying to kill me in my sleep.
The Siege of California Pt. 1
If you're reading this I'm probably dead
I think my wife and kids are actors
In a school
Log 28
Weird helicopter like sound
I think something is trying to kill me in my sleep.
My son has never met his father.
If you're reading this I'm probably dead
What did i do god?
I’m clueless
"The Noise", my first horror attempt
I Know Who Made Youtube Go Down.
I can see it
I Went To A Weird Wake And Know Nothing About The Deceased
The green sea
Why I stopped using tampons.
But it was just a dream... wasn't it?
I feel something watching me i need help
Reunited.
I Found Something Hidden On An Old Wii Game: The Many Updates
But it was just a dream... wasn't it?
I conducted an exorcism but I am no priest nor I am affiliated with any church (PART 1)
u/okayguy14 FINAL PART
If Anyone Is Looking For A Doll To Give To Someone, I Have A Bunch...
I’ve been trapped in a hospital with 5 killers for 5 days now, and my willpower is the only reason I’m alive.
My crazy ex girlfriend is stalking me... she died six years ago.
Pet Store, but not only for pets (part 2)
Sleep paralysis
I see green
Smily man [part 1]
The Ceremony (1400-word horror story)
My brother is a killer.
He Was Called The Crimson King
Sea Green
Annette. (Part 1)
How to get away with murder!
The Twitch
I keep hearing someone yell "Hello?"
The Ceremony (1400-word horror story)
I can’t sleep
Anton’s Key
There's Something Outside Our Tent
4103526029 incall/outcall
Karma's Not REALLY a Bitch...she is SO much more.
My Body Is Not My Own | One
WHAT IS THE BACKROOMS
Anton’s KeyHow can I prove, that I'm from the future?
The road to nowhere
Part 2 - The Light Returns
I don't know how I got here or what's happening to Reality
Pet Store, but not only for pets (part 2)
Strange Things in South Dakota
Tap tap tap
Hell is going out of service.
We’ve been stuck in construction traffic for 8 hours now. If we leave our vehicles we will die.
Train Encounter
Podcast
I Found Bones In My Son's Closet
There's a door in my house that's only visible under blacklight
Do you remember
This will be the best Halloween ever
I never believed rumors about my high school being haunted, until I experienced it firsthand
My Drawing Assignment
I met a man who knew the secret to never growing old. He carried it in a box.
I Killed A Chupacabra
Country Road
She... went outside, didn't she?
Log 28
Death: The origin
It has been nineteen days since the lights flickered
How it all started [part 1]
In Decline
Log 28
Log 28
Trying to stay quiet....
What the fuck (i guess this should belong here)
Log 28
My life was ruined after IT came
If there is overpopulation in hell, we will start disposing souls into oblivion.
Log 24
Alexa is always Watching me Part 2
mister forevermore man
Something a bit strange on Omegle
I have one bullet, and no idea what it’s for. [Part 1]
Alexa is always watching me part 1 by Jaelon McKnight
[Serious] What’s the most Paranormal/Haunting thing you’ve ever witnessed?
I work at McDonald’s and I am getting stalked by a customer
This Legit happened at Gettysburg
Just Finished My Spring Cleaning!
The bogeyman ain't real!
Siege of California
Late night bike rides: Its there
Hallucinations nearly killed me
LIRISA and TiM
Stolen Knowledge
The girls in black WHY CANT YOU SEE THEM
The Presence - part 2
Stay away from animal kingdom lodge NO MATTER WHAT!!!
Toothless Granny
I am not a killer (part five)
Stay away from animal kingdom lodge NO MATTER WHAT!!!
After Jane, PART 1
Every morning,I find a box with a missing child's severed limb in it on my porch
The Young Women Values- 2. Divine Nature
!PAY ATTENTION!
Don’t Hang Up. [Part 1]
The Creature of Lavoon Lake
I Was Hired To Preach At A Weird Wake... And I Don’t Know The Name Of The Deceased
My wife died, i think she really didn't Pt2.
Sharon On The Wheelchair
Why I stopped playing in the woods as a kid
Found a family members diary...
the unseen boy in class part 2 the final part
Assault team Omega-Blue Incident Report: #666
Logical explanations to twelve 'supernatural' occurrences
Hannibal
I am a quadriplegic, but I can still feel pain
It is June and there are kids lining up to see a mall Santa
They killed my baby, and in return im going to kill all of them
A Trap
A Bright Young Boy
We make up horrors to help us cope with the real ones.” ― Stephen King
I found an old journal while hiking this weekend
Anna [part 1]
Night Shift
Illuso, the Grand Magician
Anna (p1)
I think my sister went to another dimension
Your Grandmother’s Prayers are Still Protecting You
I was ghosted by a girl and now she's haunting me. Help!
I own a pawn shop for oddities and creatures the public doesnt and cant know about
We Found Something Beneath the Scuba Shack
I stayed up too long on reddit
The rainbow
Nikolai - the beginning
Her eyes
I Forgive You.
I'm the Last Girl
Blood Law (Part Four)
The Other World Updated More Coming
My wife died, i think she really didn't
Never click this link.
a closed mind
The Room
I am a single male, and what I saw last night will follow me for the rest of my life.
I noclipped out of reality and survived.My Brother And I Share Dreams. The Last One Was A Nightmare.
I Have Fish Every Morning
Tigerman
I don't use elevators anymore
The forevermore man
There is a sound that falls on deaf ears [Part 3]
The wet footprints
Grandma Is Either Lying Or I Have A Major Problem
Hey it's Madison
Hey it's Madison
Hey it's Madison.
I hunt monsters for a living, and it’s a hell of a job
I hint monsters for a living, here’s what I’ve seen
I know why Newborns Cry.
Have A Good Saturday
The Mystery of the illustrious (part 1)
The Mystery of illustrious lodge(part1)
I Was Hired To Preach At A Weird Wake... And I Don’t Even Know The Name Of The Deceased
As This Dark Ocean Pulls Me Deeper
I work at an aquarium and something bad is happening
My online friend
Strange happenings in our appartment
The fine note of a co-pilot
The woman in the road
A Crash in the Storm.
Nice collection
(FINAL) I won The Game
Storm Pt. 3 - The Dreadworms
Mansion of Grief
My tv screamed
Don't give the man on halibut point road a ride...
I came into contact with a ghost
Don't give the man on halibut point road a ride...
The girl on the side of the road
Project,:ARTEMIS
No sleep
A girl on my dorm floor disappeared. I found her dream journal.
BETWEEN ICE AND STARS...
The Midnight Lady
Pet Store, but not only for pets.
The Vanished Lighthouse Keepers of the Flannan Isles
My dad's hitchhiking experience in the 90's
My Ghost Story
I work for a Top Secret Body Farm. And it’s every bit as Creepy as you Think it is. In fact, it’s even creepier.
I'm not sure I can decline this commission
Ghost of Killer Kid
Number 12, Part 16
Guided by the dead
There Was Something In The House With Me
Lawn gnomes (part one)
Camping Nightmares
My Nightmares
A Terrifying Flight
A Short Story
I don't want to die
I finally translated the worlds most mysterious book- The Voynich Manuscript
True Story
Would you believe it?
Not Your Average Zombie Apocalypse
Not Your Average Zombie Apocalypse
Not Your Average Zombie Apocalypse
Not Your Average Zombie Apocalypse
Would you believe it?
Not Your Average Zombie Apocalypse
Into The Cold Desert
My Sister Was Sleepwalking
the unseen boy in class, part 2/2 final part
Klausner didn't do it.Not that i care about it now....
Don't offer the man on halibut point road a ride...
So this is my first time telling a story but it’s a true story.
There's Something Odd Going On In The Waters Off Of Maui
Cursed Town
There's Something Weird Going On In The Waters Off Of Maui
Satan encounter nightmare
Shaking Bed
Why I don't go camping anymore.
The Missing Boy
The Pits
I Think my Dog is Raping Me (Part 1)
Split personalities
the suburban girl
Do not use time travel to prevent someone's death... Trust me. Part 2
Every Morning I Have To Cut My Tail Off
Alone , 3 a.m. , dark , no explanation
I was trying to sleep then i heard a knock on my window
The Young Women Values- 1. Faith
Truth
Alone, dark, 3 a.m. , and no explanation
My friend's drawings are stunning, but his process will land him in prison one day (finale)
3 a.m. , alone , scared , pitch black and no explanation
Metamorphosis pt.1
My Aunts House Is Haunted
Chair For Sale
"backrooms, shortcuts, nocliping, it's all the same to us"
OLÉ
I work in an Aquarium and something bad is happening
Every morning,I find a box with a severed child's limb in it on my porch
u/okayguy14 PART 3
Strange Days In Greycott (Part 1)
My experience with shadow people I thinkMy friend’s town is really religious, but I don’t know what they’re worshipping because it sure isn’t God (Part 2)
The Road Where I Found Her
Please help me.
Sniff, Sniff, Cough
The Spam Callers are Starting to Threaten me.
I'm a international P.I. and I've seen some things...
My dad's hitchhiking story in the 90's
there is nothing wrong with the cctv
Every week a demon asks me to choose who it kills
This sub is bad
My dad's hitchhiking experience in the 90's
Where am I?
My dad's Hitchhiking experience in the early 90's
Looking to make a short creepy story: Suggestions?
The devil appears in many forms.
What the human kind shall never find
Greycott (Part 1)
Everything is changing! Part 1
Everything’s fine
I don't use elevators anymore
help me with this case.
The Other World Parts Five And Four
I heard what hell sounds like.
The Religion of Pee
Lost, a story from my friend
Eerie Night
Scratch
The other world Part 5
I heard what hell sounds like.
There is a sound that falls on deaf ears [Part 2]
I think something's here.
NEVER shine a torch up a tree at night
Has anyone been through the black door?
I think something's here
I Trust Him
The unseen boy in class part 1
The unseen boy in class part 1
Coincidences In Many
Summer (one part series)
Smiling man [part 1]
I'm on house arrest
My dad watched the sky split
Bloody Nightmare
The Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline; Where Your Next Call Could Be Your Last
Never again will i use Facebook.
sweet dreams are made of this.
They got into my computer...... Now there coming for me.
The day I followed the hedgehog I was supposed to kill
I died 5 years ago. I'm going to die again soon.
I only tried to help them
I Was Hired To Preach At A Weird Wake... And I Don’t Know The Name Of The Deceased
The happiest person who ever lived.
Something sp00ky
I was kidnapped as a child...by another child
What do they want! Part 3 of i saw them i swear
OLÉ OLÉ OLÉ OLÉ OLÉ
The O’Sullivan Song
We saw him outside... we were horrified when we took a closer look...
Ophelia
OLÉ OLÉ OLÉ OLÉ OLÉ
When I was 12 i saw something in my room.
The other world
I spied on the nun's dressing room, and it went horribly wrong.
The Camp (Part 1)
[The Camp, Part 1] - Friends
There is a sound that falls on deaf ears [Part 2]
The Other World (Parts 1 through 4)
From Victim to Killer
Some found writings about a lake and it's thirst for blood:
From Victim to Killer
I used to see people (or things) at night
UPDATE: Buddy, the Dog with Short Legs. We got a letter!
My dad left me a cassette player, and i think im trapped like him.
My sister’s side of the story (Part three)
I hear voices coming from under my pillow
Camera behaving weirdly, need advice
Kizmit
I Need Your Help - Day 2
Horror night mare story
What do they want! Part 3 of i saw the i swear
The Other World (Part one through four)
Eulogy
The Other World [Parts 1-4]
The "SM64" lucid dreaming technique
What do they want! (Part 3 of i saw them i swear.)
Don't Come to the Midwest (part 3)
What do they want! (Part 3 of i saw the i swear)
My Muse
Hell and back.
The experiment
Blood Law (Part Three)
So, You need to dispose of a body?
Lights Out, Mickey Mouse.
My neighbour is stood in my garden and I'm afraid to look away.
Bernstein Bears [Part One]
What do they want! (Part 3 of i saw them i swear)
My House Has Arcade Coin Slots
Been seeing ufo for months
My strange library boss
THE MAN IN THE CUP OF THE TREESThe Monster and The Victim
My Teddy Bear is not what I thought it would be.
THE MAN IN THE CUP OF THE TREES
I Used to Work as a Security Guard for a Museum Exhibit
The Untold Stories of the World, issue one - The Itchy Tooth
Come say goodbye.
Often I feel like I've been to war and had to come back to live as a civilian, but I'm always looking for that next death trap. Always agitated. Always on edge.
I've found an impossible door.
LOEYLANE MADE MY COMPUTER CRASH??!?
I Found Something Hidden On An Old Wii Game: The Many Updates
A Warning: If you feel like something is wrong, LEAVE! My story
My Dream Job Has Become a Nightmare [Part 3] FINAL
Any Suggestions?
My Dream Job Has Become a Nightmare [Part 3 FINAL]
I THINK MY DEAD FAMILY IS TRYING TO TELL ME SOMETHING
Djarnak
Japanese Folktale - Translated
The Lightning
The creature
Japanese Folktale - translated
Our local flower shop has the best cashier
Anyone have a name for this?
Peripheral Part 3 - Later
The Sometimes Tower
Are you a fan of 'cannibal'?
We changed the reality of a person
Its happened before and will again
Been seeing ufo for months (REAL)
Stalked by Graffiti
witches?
Everything likes Weed
One moment can change your life forever
Blood Law (Part Three)
The Wraith
Grandma’s Doll - A true story
The Escape (Part 1)
The drug experiment (final)
.Son of Agamemnon. Riddle Two - You have 48 hours
When the Shadows Spoke
Son of Agamemnon (Riddle Two) You have 48 hours.
My friend's drawings are stunning, but his process will land him in prison one day (part three)
I think I’m sick, but my symptoms aren’t what you would expect. [1]
Today I Woke Up on the Beach, I Have No Idea Who I Am.
1:35 AM, Give or Take Five Minutes, It’ll Climb in Bed
Rot
u/okayguy14 PART 3
Why Can't I Breath?
Hell and back.
Seeds
I Dropped My Daughter Off at Purgatory
I finally got my own Airpods. But I hear something terrifying when I wear them. [Part 3]
Don't Come to the Midwest (part 3)
I saw the execution of myself
So it turns out, your can be chosen to be the Grim Reaper
https://youtu.be/38QU-P_nS28
It said I wasn't meant to have a soul....
Why, My Brother?
The man in a top hat (part 1)
I only ever loved one of my children
I don't think I'm safe when I sleep.
Statues are appearing in my town and people are going missing -final
u/okayguy14 PART 2
A theory
I read a book I shouldn't have read (Part 1)
u/okayguy14
I live in the Ozark Mountains and I’ve seen some weird shit
Lights out, Mickey Mouse.
Imora is missing
I went to a funeral that was supposed to be a wedding
I was so proud of my wife for becoming an organ donor. One year after her death she asked to be reassembled.
Grin For Me?
My worst backrooms experience
I Finally Found My Style
The TV is Watching Me part 1
I’m still riled up but there is a sound that falls upon deaf ears
Cedarville General Is Definitely Not a Normal Hospital
I no-clipped into the b B̷̨͉͖̱͇̟̥̥̩̺̕ ̷̨̡̨̩̱̬̣͐̐͜Á̶͚͎̮͙̊͂̌̈́ ̸̤̻͓͎̫̳̃̈́̉̎̉̅͝ͅC̶̦̮̺̱̣̠͓͔̳͌́̚ ̷̰̹̣͊̂͂K̶͈̔̈́̀̋̓̐ͅ ̵̢̪̜̮̲̠̮̗̥̱̈́̎͊̏̈́̐̍̋Ṟ̸̢̙͕̗͇͎́̈͌͒́̓̀̈́̕ ̵̛̛̤̌͛̑̔O̴̝͐́͋͘͝͠ ̶̧͚̥̱̣̣̈́͛͋̓̍̐̆̔͝O̶͙̖̔̀̅͘̕ ̴̱̩̼͈̈́̒͛̉͋́̿̍M̶̧̧̺̺̞͈͈̗̬̯̃̇͊̄͗ ̵̢̧͙̟̘̞͕͍͒̾ͅS̴̨͖̲̜̒͊̏͂͊͊ by accident, now I’m stuck.
The Storm
The Flowers at my Doorstep Final Pt
The Storm
My Brother Disappeared and No one Remembers Him.
mark_tomas_love_bug
Working in a mental health unit.
Work in mental health unit.
Shadow's kiss!
I've started Knowing things...
Eating Pills Will Save Your Life
The Ninth Circle, Part I, My First Mortal Sin
They’re coming...
I was Alone in a Room During a Lockdown, then there was a Little Girl with me.
My Name is Allen Gradstein, and I'm Not Fully Anchored in This Reality.
The Backrooms
I was kidnapped as a child...by another child
Do Not Give Them Power
The Sometimes Tower
I don't get why.
Sleeping In A Victorian Era Airbnb Last Weekend
The woman at the subway.
Some Employees don’t make it past Training at the Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline
They Ignored MeI care about my roommates
i hate sharing a room
Don't Miss Your Stop.
The kidnapping war
They Ignored Me
A Child's Laugh
Cedarville General is not a normal hospital
A kidnapping war
Tattoos Banned In Heaven AND Hell, Says Scientist.
My log from the Back Rooms
The World Ended In July of 1999 (Part 2)
Last door on the right
April Contest Winners
Could I have some truth 🤔
THE "PAPER PEOPLE"
Childhood dreams The "paper people"
My favorite birthday present
Something is moving behind the clouds and I just had to amputate my brother's arm.
If you’re in the path of severe weather today I think you should hear what happened last night. Video included.
Hunter’s Moon
Don't Go Spelunking In Iceland (Part 1)
The Forest
The Pool Closes at 6 PM (Part Four)
If you’re in the path of severe weather today I think you should hear what happened last night (video included)
Night he appeared [part 1]
The footsteps keep growing louder
The Presence is back: Part 2
The Years before - Jake Crocco
Any suggestions?
The Loser part 3
Man proposes God disposes
Uwu
Never Go Through the Woods
The Voice in the crate.
My Uncle Worked at a Insane Asylum (Story 9)
I found a door. P2
Scary
The Cyst
The Six Dragons and the Crimson Ruler
The forgotten murder at West Covina High
My daughter is a Superhero
My nightmare every night
A Jin(ghost) story
The Pickpocket
It has been sixteen days since the lights flickered
I have been playing Pokémon go recently and something weird has happened pt1
Are you a fan of 'cannibal' ?
Peripheral Part 2 - The Aftermath
Hello
Bridgeville
My house got weirder after my story...
From the depths
My house got weirder after my first story...
Breath.
Up all night and listening to this
Grandma's 911 Calls: The Ex-Girlfriend.
My doormat keeps moving.
The town with no-name
Skunk Ape
who cares
Help - my MIL has these weird spider minions, and it's getting out of hand.
Skunk Ape
The end of the world, Almost. NSFW
The Darkness comes at Dawn
Part 2: I think my new home is sending me eviction notices
There is something wrong with Wells Hill
Never go to an Estate Sale
My friend's drawings are stunning, but his process will land him in prison one day (part two)
I got an weirdly personal email from Joe Biden and now I'm PREGNANT?
I got AirPods and I regret it now.
Don’t Go In The Attic
What if everyone in the world suddenly began staring at you, completely silent. Just a blank stare. Following you around like robots.
I NEED HORROR STORIES HELP
Alone at the subway.
The Figure In The Dark
Someone keeps coming to my door step and I'm sick of it
Night Driving
Something roams in the bushlands of Australia and its hungry for blood
The Shade (Part 1: Introduction)
Someone keeps coming to my door step and I'm sick of it
Notes from isolation experiment #1 (pt 4)
The way I became the man I am today
Don’t read! THIS. IS. CURSED!
My Best Friend Died, Lived, and Died Again. Or Did He?
My Friend Kept Finding Teeth in his Apartment
A Dream I Can Still Remember
I find out why he hates humans but I wish I didn't
Keep the cage locked.
Something’s attached to me, and I think it’s going to kill me
I traded my sight for this shitty vision. (Part 4)
How to leave your body and what to expect.
Penance (Part 2)
The thing in the painting
I’ve been walking for 3 days
I cannot escape this hell without your help.
(UPDATE): I killed my girlfriend for a game
Something’s wrong with my dog. Very wrong.
I can't get out, not without you
You’re all invited to my death party!
It's probably my last night in the hospitalIt's probably my last night in the hopsital
Cursed
Solve my riddle for her life. NoSleep, you have 3 days.
The Knockers
For the last 6 years, a man has been watching me sleep, and I think he's killing me.
Don't Come to the Midwest (part 2)
We Got Drunk and so Did Our Shadows [Midwest Pt.2]
The pigman
We've been swimming for so long
Walmart after dark is not what you'd think...
Need help finding a creepypasta/story
My Shadow
Theory of alternate universes
PROOF
I’m a doctor. I just moved into a new town, and their hospital is a little—strange.
My house might be haunted
PROOF
I followed my dog into the night
My Husband's Eyes are Missing (Part 2)
Radio
The Emails
She's A Good Girl, Monster Or Not
i made this mess about 5 years ago
Mr. Smiles has a game
The night walker
Calls from the Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline
WALMART OVERNIGHT CHALLENGE GONE CREEPY! *NOT CLICKBAIT*
The Day I Died (Part 1)
Something is Haunting my PC
They Call Themselves The Church of Lira Drew
Something is Haunting my PC
My patient who saw hell
Something is Haunting my PC
Not Again.
What Do You Do With Ghosts?
My friend in the forest
The Day I Died (Part 1)
A Playful Creature and Other Curious Things
The drug experiment (part 5)
"Help..Where is everyone?"
The coltrane case.
Scary journal found on bus
WALMART OVERNIGHT CHALLENGE GONE CREEPY! {NOT CLICKBAIT}
The Man Behind Me...
The Farmer Follows
WALMART OVERNIGHT CHALLENGE GONE CREEPY! (NOT CLICKBAIT)
Manage Your Stress Levels to Get Enough Restorative Sleep
Final Presidential Address - July 1st, 2016
My dog saved my life
I answered a call from a number I didn't know
Neighbor
im not trying to make this scary, but can anyone help?
My Roommate Has a Cagastric Disease
my friend has been acting weird.
Something in the water
Blood Law (Part Two)
It's Raining Men.
Your "Friends" are being replaced
A Small Town of Zipped Lips
If someone needed a confession.
My nephew's friend could hold her breath underwater for an hour
We found a Sumerian city older than we thought possible. I really wish we hadn't. (Part 1)
My job is watching a woman trapped in a room. Final Part.
He won't leave me alone
I am both 61 and 18 years old, and I have a story to tell.
'I went hiking with friends,something followed us home...'
Here's a couple of creepy stories to listen to at midnight... click if you dare.
[Part 1] It was the perfect day for the beach.
My niece's friend couldn't hold her breathe, so she helped her.
I saw them i swear...
I am not a killer (part four)
[Part 1]
First Sleep Paralysis Ive experienced
[Part 1] It was the perfect day for the beach.
Peripheral
I saw them i swear...
I despise public restrooms
I saw them i swear...
A Perfect Hunt
Somebody took pictures of us while we were sleeping!
Meg's Tale (kinda nsfw) part 2
Statues are appearing in my town and people are going missing pt.2
Meg's Tale (kinda nsfw) part 1
The Soul Snatcher.
Serious Feedback about my situation would help! It’s 100% true. I just didn’t know where to post and this is my first post. Thank you
I’m on the run
HELL ON EARTH
My Angel
Every morning, I wake up holding a knife
You wanted him to kiss you- trigger warning
Please help
The Backrooms
I wrote on School desks
I found a door.
My Soul Is Fighting Me For My Life
A cynic's fate
My Hot Pocket told me how the world would end and how I was the only one who could save it
God laughs
My friend's drawings are stunning, but his process will land him in prison one day
We killed a demon by talking about foodWhat was in my pool last night?
I think my new home is sending me eviction notices
The Timekeepers
Mythical Creatures like Weed
My Grandfather Went Down In WWII
An out of body experience
No one remembers my brother, except me. [Part 2]
We Got Drunk and Fled from Our Shadows
No one remembers my brother, except me. [Part 2]
God's Plan.
Im never working as a maid again
I Got Sick After I Stopped Working At The Hospital
Attack of the haunted balloon
Attention Internet Users!! Never Click on Pop-up Adds!!
The Burrower
A Guide from A Monster Hunter Part IV
Hemichlophobia Ch. 1: What We Cannot See
She won’t leave.
My Living Nightmare
Anthony Gretcher
My sister's side of the story (My sister: 3/?)
my start with paranoid schizophrenia
It's so cold here
Not your usual r/nosleep
the answer man
It comes at night
This is MY story [Part Two]
Never go down alleys at night
The Loser Part Two
What is this?
There is a severed arm in my hallway
footsteps and creeks
That Which Cannot Be Seen
Maria
My Childhood Nightmare
A Guide from A Monster Hunter Part IV
I traded my sight for this shitty vision. (Part 3)
The Unifier
"Diesel spill"
The Corner Demon: Ash
Creature in the Lens
I found these logs while I was cleaning. How could I do something so horrible?
I think my girlfriend's mother is in a cult.
Anthony Gretcher
I'm playing a game that I can't get out of
Purple Rain
Anthony Gretcher
Anthony Gretcher
There is a door in my basement that wasn't there before
They were never mining for coal...
I found door in my basement... it wasn't there before.
I think a story i wrote got too close to the truth and now i'm being followed.
Call to the Void
I saw a child get taken by the pond
Statues are appearing in my town and people are going missing part 2
I think my bathroom is haunted. (Part 1)
The Unplace Rooms
My Best Friend's Death Day Celebration
My plane should have landed 3 hours ago.
All.
I answered a call but they had the wrong number
The Professor
I finally got my own Airpods. But I hear something terrifying when I wear them. [Part 2]
Don't Come to the Midwest
All faded
Stories from the Thrift Store (part 2)
I'm not afraid
I Don't Want To Play. (Part One)
Stories from the thrift store (part 2)
Spongebob
One night in hell
Some people just change over night.
If you're alive in 2081, I need you to help me.
Never go down alleys at night
Aren’t you glad?
I think my daughter is talking to a ghost and I am not sure what to do
Strange Photoshoot
Aren’t you glad?
My unwanted house mate
Infected (Part 3)
Somebody’s Upstairs
My College's Initiation Ceremony
I think someone is stalking and attempting to kill my family and my neighbor's, too. Please Help
'Something' has been residing inside my body for a long time. I got a text today from an unknown number telling me what to do next. I'm lost, please help.
'Something' has been residing inside my body for a long time. I got a text today from an unknown number telling me what to do next. I'm lost, please help.
‖t starts at midnight
What death is really like
This is a‖
'Something' has been residing in my body for a long time. I got a text from an unknown number telling me what I have to do to discard of it. I don't know who to talk to about this.
Sunday snakes
My dreams are haunted by this demonic child.
Penance (Part 1)
My poor daughter.
New Dealers
The footsteps keep growing louder.
Spider Eating Contest
It.
Scary journal found on bus
My Twin Died, but Our Connection Didn't
No one remembers my brother, except me (Part 2)I bought an unusual tv
Scary journal found on bus
Heaven: A Warning (Part 3)
I can’t sleep
She Never Intended Me to Be The Sacrifice
No one remembers my brother, except me Part 2
Shatter the Walls (for a new sun)
All threes
My grandmother was worse than we thought.
No one remembers my brother, except me (Part 2)
Thank You for Calling the Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline
True Story
I found a chest filled with fingers and toes. A strange man wanted to buy them from me. Things got...messy.
A hermit ghost with a demon guard dog
Could these creepy incidents be related in some way?
From the Speed Queen Laundromat, 3
Buddy, the Dog with Short Legs
I Regret Going On A Retreat With My Church Youth Group
Scary journal found on bus.
If Only She Wasn't A Dancer
My stepmother is trying to poison me
How Stress Can Cause Interference in Your Body’s Biological Functions?
Remember your name
I’m Lily Madwhip and I’ve Been Here Before
The sun went down when I was a few years old; it hasn't come back since
Presentations at my company are brutal
Where did my leg go?
I Wish We Didn't Stop At The Gas Station
SUFFERING FROM NYCTOPHOBIA
I Wish We Didn't Stop At The Gas StationHey
Creatures of fire
I did my own autopsy
I Wish We Didn't Stop At The Gas Station
Screaming In the Woods
Subject 7: Owl and Monarch
Case File No. 002
The Farmer Follows
I’m pregnant but my baby isn’t there Past 3 (final)
End of Days
The Airport
The Ghost Train Fire Of 1979
Never fish at night
Mirror
Lazy Sundays
You want to try a new energy drink? It's free.
The Back Door
True: I had my first experience with sleep paralysis when I was 5
True: I was 5 five when I had my first experience with sleep paralysis
My Happy Pills
I keep hearing and seeing thing in my house...and I thing it might be haunted...
There's something evil under the Church on Chapel Hill (part 1)
If you're seeing this, please wake up, now.
нσяяσя тняєα∂ skin crawler
They Lied About The Chernobyl Disaster
That isn't my sister
Too sad think about😿🙀
I don’t go to pubs anymore.
Scary story
The Mirror
Scary story
A - part 1
That's not my sister
My Mother has a new stalker.
My Father Did Something Horrible
I wish I hadn't made a wish
Chronicles of a Fallen Angel: The Night I Told My Friend The Truth pt.2
A shared experience.
The Lionhead
How long can you hold your breath?
I have been forgetting something important each day, and it's only getting worse.
Veggur, he who end stories.
I may have gotten a glimpse at humanity's end.
The Saint of Tunnel Fourteen
I read nosleep stories with my favourite creepypasta youtuber's voice
I went to a party and now I’m on the run (part 1)
Somebody’s Upstairs
The Debt Collection
Childfree, because I've never had a demon growing inside of me
My Cousin Used to Be A Cast Member At Disney
It has been fourteen days since the lights flickered
Do Not Be Afraid - The Tales of Father Francis
The thing that creates nightmares
There is something wrong with my electronic devices.
Safety Demonstrations
Something is wrong with my electronic devices.
Something has been resetting the clock ever since my grandma died
My Husbands Eyes are Missing
The Mirror Man : #1
The Whisperers
Professor Redmond and the Box of the Wolf
I lost my mum
My girlfriend is suicidal
My girlfriend is suicidal. (Self harm)
Statues are appearing in my town and people are going missing
Statues started appearing in my town, now people are going missing NSFW
I had to deliver a tape for money. I've been regretting it ever since.
Statues started to appear in my town, now people are going missing
The Seance
Sleepless night (true story)
The Owl and the MonarchThat's not gum stuck underneath the table
I think I’m being stalked. By something.
Mirror
Something lives in my brain
Why you never stop in mobile Alabama for gas
I'm pregnant but my baby isn't here (Part 3) (Final)
My friend’s town is really religious, but I don’t know what they’re worshipping because it sure isn’t God.
My guardian angel is a demon.
The painting
My neighbour died smilling
Delicious
Razor mouth
Every morning I woke up with one less toe
My friends Sister is insane atleast I think so?
Family Secrets
I moved into my first apartment
The Spiders Follow Me Everywhere
The Virginia house
I can't look at a TV anymore (part 1/2)
The thing wearing the shell of my mum
My Husband killed my Daughter with Witchcraft.
I can't even look at a TV anymore
My Husband killed my Daughter with Witchcraft.
u/okayguy14
Twinkle twinkle little star...
The window
Family Secrets
I Think I Was Sexually Abused Before I Could Remember NSFW
Has your items ever faded away in your hand as a kid?
Lost Time Is Never Found Again
A Guide from a Monster Hunter Part III
Death strikes twice
The Summer I spent with dead people
ex agent stories
Could these creepy incidents be related?
Mother's Childhood Story
The Spider Dancing On The Ceiling
I think I'm being followed
She uses my feelings as inhalants
I think my grandparents' house might be haunted
Never go down alleys at night
I Have A Strange Taste in Food
The Long Walk Home
Haunting on Hurley Street
Never go down the alleys at night
Something went wrong when I learned to code
A weird ability that i might have but don't know how to control.
Black Discussion.
I’m Not a Stalker
The boogeyman "trigger warning"
He told me not to look in the backseat.
The creepy men in our attic.
I Made A Deal With The Devil. Please Don't Make The Same Mistake That I Did.
I just moved into my first apartment
The creepy guy in the garden
Home invasion story
Spider Dreams
Something's wrong with my dog. Very wrong.
Leather Lodge
I was home alone, or so I thought
Karma Is Real And They Don't Like What I'm Doing
Karma is real and she doesn't like what I'm doing
Looking for a particular story.
Apricot
Leather Lodge
Deleted News Article - Son is accidentally killed, roasted, butchered, and eaten by unknowning father and family
'I don't love you' A story about a skin-walker.(The names of the people have been randomised for safety purposes
The Four Laws of Mind Control
Leather Lodge
I finally got my own Airpods. But I hear something terrifying when I wear them.
A Teen Appeared in my Home
Don’t look for the woman in the woods, I did
Infected (Part 2)
Somebody woke me up. I live alone.
Time Is Not What It Seems
NoSleep Interview with Flard!
Solitary Child
The drug experiment (part 4)
Never Forget a Face
Better
I’m A Cop And Something Strange Is Happening In My Town
I Was a Casualty of a Glitch in The Matrix [Part 1]
I’m a Cop and something Strange Is Happening In My Town (re-upload)
Just found a weird video on a random post
No one remembers my brother, except me.
He sat there in pain. He didn’t know what do do
Do You Hear The Cicadas?
In my childhood ghost related stuff happened.
Mrs Jameson
The Wicker Saga: Song of Joy, Part 7
Something is moving behind the clouds and we cannot leave.
My darkly body is Mars and parables
The Loser part One
I’m A Cop And Something Strange Is Going On In My Town
Never use a homemade Ouija board
Im a guard who protects vaults with supernatural things in it. Update 2
Watcher
Im a guard who protects vaults with supernatural things in it. Update 2
I hope it was just my imagination.
We Travel To Parallel Universes When We Sleep.Stories from the Thrift Store
Her eye was a spiral
The bleeding house reupload
I own a cozy little cabin in the woods that I rent out to people
Cookie Monster
The Little League Tapes
The family and I had a fun weekend at the lake house.
Would you believe me if i told you she was the father?
Cookie Monster
Does anyone remember the mars landing?
I was forced to bet my soul with a demon
I will never forget what I saw
lift your problems
I saw her at the house blessing.
Tragedy at Disney’s Toontown
Drawing
Have respect for the cards
My job is watching a woman trapped in a room. Part Four.
My Name Is Travis Smith. I Know Every Answer To Any Problem. This Is An Advertisment.
NEVER shine a torch up a tree at night
Dessert is a Killer
10 Facts About My Demonic Possession You Wouldn't Believe
A little story of a loser
Escape From Room 9 [Part 2]
I work at a Mental Hospital. Strange things have been happening (PART ONE)
I am an amazon delivery driver and I keep having to deliver parcels to creatures living inside my flat
I was a Casualty of a Glitch in the Matrix [Part 2]
A Real Life Pedophile Encounter
I think I’m in a real life Jig saw pt1
An unwanted online meeting
The Itch
My friend might be a psychopath
Something followed me back home
Good Guy Trenton
An unwanted online meeting
Three Friends Diner
The Afterparty
Something followed along with me
The Man In The White Shirt
I Need Your Help - Day 1
My mom passed away last night.
The World Ended In July of 1999
She Was Stolen by the Wind
My job is watching a woman trapped in a room. Part Four.
(Extremely short story) Poltergheist
That four-legged thing
The name of a murderer is somewhere on your mind. What is your reaction when their name is spoken to you?
There is something in my eye,but Everytime I look in the mirror to try to fish it out my vision switches to the anomalies eye site and it's getting very frustrating!!!
Hold Still, the unskippable ad (pt.2)
Just hold Still
Help me!
Does anyone else remember NASA sending people to mars?
Creepy Candle
My alarm clock system on my phone doesn't like it when I wake up before it goes off
Just hold Still (the unskippable ad pt. 2)
Grocery store problem
Where are these injuries coming from?
Just a random thought
So this happened to me a few years ago...
None of Us [PART 3] [FINAL]
I wish I was never taught to see.
The Pocket Watch in the Woods
Do not rent love.
Scariest moment of my life to date
Whatever you do.. stay out of the Disney vault
I Used To See Cut Off Heads At Night.
I Found Something Strange While Looking For Internships Online
Knocking
The City of Burning Copper
I'm a surveyor for Hillcraven Gold Mine. I think people are trapped in the tunnels.
My trip to the dentist.
I'm a surveyor for Hillcraven Gold Mine, and today I found a notebook in the tunnels.
I was forced to bet my soul with a demon
Does Anyone Remember Camp Castlewood?
The Vanishing Of Jack Turner.
A botched summons... (Part 2)
There's someone in the house
Heaven: A Warning (part 2)
I’m Kind Of Freaked Out. Help? (Not fictional)
They knock twice
He was in the lounge room!
My neighbor invited me over for beers and showed me the nuclear bomb he built in his basement
An occurrence at Wag's Ridge
Real Horror Story !!
Beneath the Swamp
Real horror story !
Do you know true horror?
I was only given one rule: never ask Mr. Franks how he lost his eyesight
I work at a Mental Institution; I’m hearing things nobody else can. (PART ONE)
If We Will
If We Will
Friday, July 13th
Should We Move?
Is there something in my apartment
Should We Move?
Infected (Part 2)
Deep down, I know who’s guilty
Something was there
those aren’t my eyes
Don't go to sleepCasen
I NEVER expected for something like this to happen at a customer’s house Part 2
This is My Hour.
01000010 01101100 01100101 01110011 01110011 01100101 01100100 00100000 01100010 01100101 00100000 01110100 01101000 01100101 00100000 01100011 01110010 01100101 01100001 01110100 01101111 01110010 00101100 00100000 01101000 01100101 00100000 01101000 01100001 01110011 00100000 01110010 01101111 011
What is your greatest worldly fear?
Just Your Average Story
They are always watching
Auto fill
The Waiting Room
My paranoia diary!
My Paranoia diary!
She’s been standing by the window for ten years
So this happened to me a few years ago...
I am not a killer (part three)
The Hentai Girl
When The Circus Comes To Town, Ignore It
I Made A Deal With A Homeless Man. I’m Starting To Think He Might Have Been The Devil.
Grandfather's Discovery: Part Four
HELLO. MY NAME IS SID FITZBERG AND I'M NOT ME.
Thank you but no...
Is there something in my apartment?
My grandmother is not who I think she is...
Hachishakusama “Eight Feet Tall”
There's something wrong with the prosthetics.
My grandmother is not who I think she is...
Is there something in my apartment
I'm here to help
My grandmother is not who I think she is...
A Guide from a Monster Hunter Part II
A Guide from A Monster Hunter (Part II)
I think there’s something in my apartment
I fouund a box in my older broothers rooom
Hollow
I was nearly raped during my commute home.
Ending Soon Check it out
Knifewing
Infected
I bought cameras for my house because I heard strange noise at 11pm
The Virginia house
I Fell In Love With The Creepy Girl
Something has happened to my radiator
Laugh Tracks
The man who didn't believe in God
Every scream it screamed...was mine.
I have a voice inside of my head
im sorry
My grandfather has been receiving constant calls from telemarketers, at least that’s what I thought. (Part 2)
My 3D-printer made something strange on it’s own
We found a message in a bottle and almost died
Butterflies
im sorry
The flute man
Daddy Says He Loves Me
sdbqgebwrgnwgrnwrgnwgrnqgengrsmgdmgadmadymfhsmahrmursmustsmr is the Latin word for Death
tick tock
"Compassion" doesn't mean what you think it does.
[NSFW] tick tock
Les Vosges de nuit!
She’s back. Nailsie is back.
The Old Morgue
Suicide.
They want you to see
A weird thing floating above my house
Whos that mommy?
Creature At My Window
My Life Will Always Be hell. Part Two
frActure_13
I was hired to delete people's unwanted emotions and memories using a brand-new program. Today I saw very strange memories in several applicants' lists.
Nihilism is my body
My Life Will Always Be Hell. Part Two
I met my dead wife.
He cut it down and now I’m going to do the same thing to him
It feels like my parents have been replaced by Aliens
I was hired to delete people's unwanted emotions and memories using a brand-new program. Today I saw very strange memories in several applicants' lists.
The Presence is back
shhh...there is someone hiding in your closet
Days Gone By: A Memoir Of The Apocalypse
Blood Law (Part One)
I don't know where to post this.
Codename: Chatterbug
Chronicles of a Fallen Angel: The Night I Told My Friend The Truth pt.1
My Ghost Story— posted on another thread and was told to post here.
The stone in memory of the hanged BaldKnobbers next to Christian County Circuit Court is missing
Codename: CHATTERBUG
The painting
Feel Good and True
Kumiho
The Drowned.
I've Got Ghosts In My Machine
A place that is similar, but just different enough so you think your mind is playing tricks on you
How I Made My Own Jerry.
The Back Rooms
Hungry
SuperMarket Memoirs 1: Clean-up In Aisle 12
The story of my recurring childhood dreams
Night Life
I might be living with a witch end (part 8)
I might be living with a witch (final update)
My pets tried to warn me
The RoomThe Hungry Dark
Need Anything?
Something followed us that night... and it wasn't human.
The reason why I'm never gonna commute on a jeep alone at night.
Im not sure what just happened but I think I saw a skin walker
Dont Look At the mirror while u sleep
That time when Pokemon GO led me into the woods...
My Panic diary
Tales From TheUnknown Town P.2
What is your proudest writing achievement?
My imaginary friend has came back (1)
Jagger, the story that carries the curse.
The Hide of a Skinwalker [Part 5]
None of Us [PART 2]
If You're a Lucid Dreamer, Avoid Mirrors at All Costs
He came he finally came.
My parents were monster hunters, recently something went wrong.
The Presence
My Grandpa was a Demon Hunter in Vietnam (Part 2)
Киска
File 1
Xmas Doll
The Black Cat
My Grandpa was a Demon Hunter in the Vietnam War (Part 2)
Code
New Mexico
My next appointment
I love my new job but I don't understand the mandatory popsicles
God forgive me...
FoxHound-One-Six
the diary in the attic
I tried a fast food place called Local Chickn, but it didn't turn out well
The Oracle Pt 1
The Mayonnaise Man is Here
the diary in the attic
TIFU by not eating the mandatory work ‘Popsicles’
Working on a story for r/nosleep! Need help/info
my sis and i destored a clown doll and creppy things have been happing
the diary in the attic
My state doesn't have a lot of haunted places, but there are a few...
Summer camp field trip part 1
An unwanted guess
Red shirt, black basketball shorts
The きっぇr
Prophetic dream or?
Seeing lost souls
Raccoon family
When they come for me
I came home from college to find an Entity in my crawl space
Break Time...
The man in the mirror -sexual violence-
The man in the mirror (sexual violence)
No Sleep
Please direct me to another sub if necessary. Hoping you good people could help me find a ghost vid I remember from years ago.
I traded my sight for this shitty vision. (Part 2)
We played a trust-building game. The people playing weren’t there when the game was over.
BABES AND BOYS: YOUR ONE STOP-SHOP FOR FINDING CUTIES
Don’t Die in Your Sleep if You Can’t Swim
I literally can't get sleep
Heaven: A Warning
the ghost in my house
Talk with A Mad Man
my stomach has a mouth
Julia Grey Has To Die. This Is How It Ends.
Lucid Dreaming For Dummies
Lucid dreaming for dummies
My dolls keep coming alive at night
My dolls keep coming to life at night
my son is a reincarnated killer
The Guy In Black
After work he was stuck in traffic for a bit. He finally came home to witness something horrible
I gotta Free laptop but didn’t know
Scary thing is scary
Water Monster
Buried body with the car
I Need Help, My World Is Becoming... Censored...?
The window. (Short story)
It Is 6PM? Isn't it.... Don't read alone.
I Made This World Flawed
Hello, My Name is Eddie and The Nice Man Told Me to Write This Diary
Are You Feeling Okay?
Somthing that wasn't my dad
Something is moving behind the clouds and the rain is getting heavier.
I bought my life for $19.99
My grandfather's drunken confession
I'm here. No idea where, or how, but I am here.
I came home from college for the weekend to find a entity in my crawl space
The Office
I came home from college to spend the night with my dad, and we were not alone!
The mysterious man in my backyard
Taking a break
The Flowers at my Doorstep Pt.2
Why I no longer go to church
My Neighbor and I Went Into Apartment 351. Nothing's Been the Same Since.
My grandfather receives constant calls from telemarketers; I’m not sure they are the only ones calling.
Why I never lie
I'm afraid they will go missing again
I NEVER expected for something like this to happen at a customer’s house. Part 1
I'm in the illuminati
I wish I could dieI wish I could be dead
My expirience with The Backrooms
residents keep ordering violence to which I have to sign and accept on their behalf
Daddy?
Creepy neighbors
Beckworth House - Part 2
Santa Clause Was Real
My experience with The Backrooms
A Guide from a Monster Hunter
I always wanted to fly..
The drug experiment (part 3)
I stole something from a certain cult last night.
my reflection
Today, I was turned into a Black Cat...
A scream from the Mountains
I was born 40 years late, and then killed at 18. Here's the rest.
The Lightning Monster
The Back Rooms
A town called Compassion
My First Time or The Attic
Why me? Why me of all people?
I can't sleep.
Some sAy That i Am Not a bad guy. they're wrong.
i think my mother isnt my mother
I'm a Photographer Specializing in Remote Wilderness Expeditions, I Think This is my Last Job
For Years I Thought I Was Blind
Anthology... PART ONE: BURNING ST. LOUIS
Try not to learn things from youtube videos
Bleeding house
my sweet prince
The Kudzu Princess
The Garden of Evelyn
Sniper In The Stands
I Saved a Kid From Being Kidnapped
An Attempted Kidnapping
My new roommate is a little weird...
Dr. Marilyn Monroe - RELAX - 25.5.19
I Found God
The intruder
The Secret Room Under My Grandma’s Stairs
The devil is here. The devil walks among us.
Theres present on my kitchen table
The mirror that dictated what you are going to look like in the morning
Today is my 9th birthday!!
The Taxidermist (Part 1)
Always praise the forgotten nun.
Large shadow charging at me in bed
I'm a guard who protects vaults with supernatural things inside of it
The Tale of the Laundry Spirit
Nogger man
A creature visits me at night, it has no face
Before you buy a second-hand house make sure you have been checked its background.
I can now sleep. My grandmother is dead.
Sorn kill
I’ve been stuck replaying the same day for over a year and i think i finally escaped the loop.
The Inheritance
I'm a taxi driver, and I've seen myself hailing me.
I am 14 from a small European country and I have some stories to tell
Someone’s Upstairs
Strange dream
Deep Down, I know who’s guilty *warning, extreme violence*
Strange dream
Strandge dream
Gothic erotic horror poems
I wasn't always the quiet kid
Kitty sticker
My imaginary friend
My house is haunted
I had a strange nightmare and i connot wake up
Long Time, No See. [Pt. 1]
My house is haunted.
Long Time, No See.
WTB Psychopaths
It's horrific to do
Santa Clause Was Real
A botched summons...
My grandfather's drunken confession
My son's camera monitor alerted in the middle of the night. I checked it and saw my wife and son sitting on the bed. They weren't my wife and son.
A Message to my Sleep Paralysis Demons...
A botched summons...
I Know What the Minions are REALLY Made out Of
Have you already decided how you're going to die.
I have never turnex it off i have never turned if offf off i have rnevrt turnec of oaaaa
None of Us [PART 2]
I could not understand.
Can someone explain to me what happend?
the Savages: has a horror short story
Lagoon
I found stairs in my crawlspace, that shouldn't exist.
The Flashlight Man (part 1)
The Train Station
Test
Clone-#v457
The girl that i loved since the 8th grade.
None of Us [PART 1]
My sister's new puppy
The mystery of the Goat Man
The Train Station
Scarecrows
ConfirmationLucid Nightmare
None of Us [PART 1]
The Hag with Blue Hair and Eyes
The Lady with Blue Hair and Eyes
Mason Jar
I experimented with sleep paralysis, here are my results
Memento Mori...Now I remember...
Riding My Bike. At Night. In the City. Part 4 of 4.
One of my teachers is trying to kill me [Pt 1]
Please don’t upvote
I couldn’t go to sleep.
The day I learned to fly.
I was born 40 years late, then killed at 18. Here's the rest.
Memento Mori...I remember now...
I’m a Private Investigator for the Dead and Recently Deceased – The Tempest
I was born late. 40 years late.
The day the siren rang pt.2
The day the siren rang pt.2
The "Spirit Suicide" Epidemic
I Know Too Much, and I Want It To Stop.
I traded my sight for this shitty vision.
Grandfather's Discovery: Part Three
The night time creep
My first DMT trip showed me the Abyss inside us all
I thought you said it was a story
I found a journal while spelunking in a cave.
Don't Look Behind You.
The night time creep
There is an apartment within my apartment
A nightmare and an unexplainable dream
a night alone.
April 2094 Evening Broadcast Logs
There is an apartment within my apartment
Daddy isn’t nice
The Night I Told My Friend The Truth (PT.2)
How I got lost in target
White Nationalists From Hell (Part 1)
I'm sorry, Dad.
I'm sorry, Dad.
I'm sorry, Dad.
The Night I Told My Friend The Truth
I'm Sorry, Dad
I was camping during forest fire season when I found a burned-out mystery town crawling with giant corpse-hunting mole-rats (Part 1)
Something is wrong with the birds
Something is Wrong With Me - Anesthesia Seems to Have No Effect On Me.
Home Sweet Home [Part 2] [FINALE]
Our Mother of the Asphyxiation (Or, I was camping during forest fire season when I found a burned-out mystery town crawling with giant corpse-hunting mole-rats) (PART ONE OF TWO)
The Happy Pills
"HIS LEGACY" BY U/TREYWILLIAM
Yellow Eyes
What is it?
I Have Started Hunting Humans and Monsters Again. [Part 2]
Spider Dreams
Last week I got followed home and... HOLLY SHIT he had no eyes
Clean and Classy
A Glimpse Is All It Takes
Solve my riddle or she will die. NoSleep, you have 3 days.
I Murdered Julia Grey. This Is How It Happened.
Never use a Ouija Board alone
Do not use time travel to prevent someone's death... Trust me. Part 1
You must decide if this girl will live. NoSleep, you have 3 days.
Beware of the Drivers
He was never on time.
Fan Fiction
There's No Such Thing as Shadows
HELP: My Dead Wife's been talking to me
Something's happening to a display animal on our park's safari trail (pt. 1)
Never Underestimate a Fire Drill
Chester Laincock, "The Squisher"
We Are Always Looking For New Subjects
I Can See You’re Eyes
Spectrum Is Free
I Was a Casualty of a Glitch in The Matrix [Part One]
They say Nothing Grows in The Snags
I found these logs while I was cleaning. I've done something horrible.
I once went to a psychiatric hospital.
My mom’s little story when she was little
My cousin beat up his sister
Mom Married a Monster
Does anyone know anything about time warps?
Iseul (Part 1)
Something is moving behind the clouds.
I was afraid to go to sleep.
there’s something wrong with my neighbors daughters
[Help] Old Creepypasta involving strings
It has been ten days since the lights flickered
I'm from 2125
How the Serial Killer On My Street Was Found
there’s something wrong with my neighbors daughters
A matter of calculation
My dad vanished when I was nine. He's just returned -- eight years later. And he's changed. A lot. (Part 2)
Does anybody remember seeing a movie trailer for a horror flick about a little girl who’s holding hands with a demonic bunny that’s the size of a full grown man?
Beelzebub's Silver Spoon
Free Coffee
Couples therapy
The black figure of my dreams
Verified&amp;Confirmed method of summoning a demon;;;
My job is to watch a woman trapped in a room. Part Three.
Someone is in my roof
Something took them, and now they walk the ocean as lost soulsThe "truth" fairy
Where were you when the world opened its eyes?
The "truth" fairy
Mr. Lore: Me and my sister
A girl is following me for years
Beckworth House - Part 2
I'm still traumitized from what happened when i answered a craigslist ad.
I've just had my 5th near death experience
My work stairs is haunted
WTB Psychopaths
Winter's Ghost
Haunted or hallucinations?(please help)
The wall whispers
I don't try on clothing anymore
The pattern of unlife/A discordant rhythm
I FAPPED FOR THE FIRST TIME YAYA
The Boy In My Vent
Xmas Doll
The wall whispers
Never use the woodland trail
The NoSleep story I read doesn't exist.
My Therapist the Human Trafficker.
Experiment 97
I Discovered A New Level of Dreaming
At a House Party With No Body
Paranormal activity in my house
Naked Intruder
The Flowers at my Doorstep
The Closet Mice
Tales from a traveler
Killbot.exe
I Should Have Trained my Dog Better
Tales from a Traveler
The Andy Griffith Show
Crimson Web (Part 2)
The train to nowhere
The Incident
Burn Before Reading (Part 2)
Mr. Teeth
Into the Fire (Burn Before Reading Part 2)
"It's just a meme, bro"
The elf on the self that almost killed me (day 1)
"It's just a meme, bro"
Never use the woodland trail.
I'm an Escaped Government Experiment (Part 7) FINALE
▿...that is important not only in music - to try to feel and combine things in new ways
Skin crawler
Into the Dark
There Is A Pretty Girl Across The Street
I'm a detective's son, and I think I'm onto something. [Part 1]
The Girl on the Side of the Road
The Girl On The Other Side Of My Street Is Pretty
The man in a suit and a town called Dobbin
Jay’s bar
My Crush Doesn't Love Me Back
I found a man who has been missing since 2012. I think I have to quit my job.
Complicated Relationship
Never Throw Away Your Magazines
Riding My Bike. At Night. In the City. Part 3 of 4.
I’ve been stuck replaying the same day for over a year and i think i need to ask for help.
Why WatchPeopleDie got banned
I’ve been stuck replaying the same day for over a year and i think i need some help
The Specimen Is Free
I found these logs I've been making. I think I've done something horrible.
Minding My Own Business
Carnivals Were Different In 1934
Chlorine
Something came into my room and I couldn’t go to sleep, literally.
I was born late. 40 years late.
Seeking out personal paranormal encounters!
The carrion king of everything!
The Water Hates Me
A secret was being kept from me. . .
One-one-eight
The Fight With Schizophrenia and Dissociative Identity Disorder
Never Throw Away Your Magazines
The oregon man
They were disposed of.
Crimson Web (Part 2)
The Terrifying Men
How do I file a lawsuit against a dead dentist?
How do I file a lawsuit against a dead dentist?
The Man in Oregon
Looking for my missing sister (Part 2)
Dead Man Walking
The Beast With A Billion Back's Part 1
[Part 2]Never leave things unfinished...
I'm not sure what I just experienced. Need advice.
Don't Explore the Sewer Alone.
I'm changing
The drug experiment (part 2)
The Depraved (Part 1)
Case File No. 001
The Depraved (Part I)
Why?
Demon
Feeding Stray Cats
The mermaids got them, and now they walk the ocean as lost souls.
Crimson Web- Part 2
A dream that was supposed to beA interesting game of hiding go seek
The Fight With Schizophrenia And Dissociative Identity Disorder
My friend got one of those Magic Eye stereogram books. The hidden image is terrifying.
[Prt.2] Never leave things unfinished...
I don't know what to do
CASE REPORT 20190319021
Beckworth House - Part 2
I Know Who Murdered Julia Grey. Her Ghost Told Me.
I Have Started Hunting Monsters Again. [Part 2]
Kill me
The school library
I was betrayed and now I'm stuck in complete darkness
My daughter's recovery from RHD is scaring me. [Part Three - FINALE]
I want you to see...
Rotting city pt.1
My daughter's recovery from RHD is scaring me. [Part Three - FINALE]
In 1995, I Was Forced to Save My Parents
I've been to the sea down in Georgia.
Carpeted bathroom
I Survived A Ya Romance
The Tickler
I want to touch the edge.
The Legend of HJ Hey Zeus [part two]
I've only ever made one good choice.
I want to touch the edge.
Forest Fright Project Case 122
I’m never coming back to this god forsaken town.
The Man
Grammaton's Leech
Phil's Promise
Ki. L L mE
please, never rent an Airbnb in the woods
The Smile Man
I'm stuck in a forgotten past - please send help
That Bloody Dogwood Tree
They are already here
The Elevator at Work Stopped on the 13th Floor. There isn't a 13th Floor.
Normal School Day
Cold Heart
My dad vanished when I was nine. He's just returned -- eight years later. And he's changed. A lot.
Pox.
The Bad Good Samaritan
Chlorine
His Drool Feels Like Sadness
Pox.
I Work on a Boat. Our Cargo is Children.
The Window
Tasty
The Hive
The Valley Of The Red River
I just saw something while house sitting
Revenge is a Dish Best Server Cold
Escape From Room 9 [Part 1]
The day the siren rang
The day the siren rang.
The Floating Woman [Part Two]
Safe haven
I was wondering why there were no patients in this hospital now I know why.
Sambal Belacan
The face that comes with the wind
Sambal Belacan
If a store's anti theft alarm went off on a deaf person, would they have any other way of knowing to stop?
New here
I am in love with a Killer.
I am in love with a Killer
Dream One
A glitch?
Crimson Web
Here's my True Story Reddit
I think my Game Master is killing off members of my tabletop group
Here's my Story..
The temperature never changes
My son and wife dont exist
A glimpse is all it takes...
Saved by the timer *horror story*
Somethings stealing from my workshop. (part 2)
The Man on the Island
Spirits From The Dark Web
There's someone else in my house...
My Grandpa was a Demon Hunter in Vietnam (Part 1)
the Diaries of my Kidnapped Sister
I am Dr. Jason Moore chief biologist of a expedition to identify a phenomenon in the Amazon Rainforest, here is the first report of my personal recount of the events before and after I concluded my research.
Looking for my missing sister (Part 2)
It has been nine days since the lights flickered
It never goes away
Consumer cycle.
Burn Before Reading
From One Mother to Another
From One Mother To Another
When everyone finally started walking backwards.
I may not be here tomorrow
We moved into a true house of horrors and it won't let us leave (Part2 )
NOOB IN NEED OF HELP
I am scared now
I'm Not Myself These Days
Riding My Bike. At Night. In the City. Part 2 of 4.
Loud Sounds at Night Terrify Me Now Part 1
The fair
Pigeon Stew
Pigeon StewThe Marsh
Jjhh
Momma Says....
They Always Come at Nighttime
The Batman Who Laughs isn't just killing people from comic book universes...
Station 82, the radio station that was erased from history.
At the Lake House
The Beast: The Game of Adventure and Potential Horrors
Ghosts love to lie
Station 82, the missing radio station.
Who's there?
Forum of the Unfinished Games
Someone was living in the crawl space in our pantry for however long.
Never leave things unfinished...
My childhood “friend” Part 1
SHARE THIS STORY
My childhood “friend” Part 1
My job is watching a woman trapped in a room. Part Two.
The Mirror Murderer
It's Getting To Be Too Dark (Part Two)
Trevor's Tales E1S1: Pilot
The Mystery Visitor
The Thing From Hell That Followed Us And The Circle Of Light.
***PLEASE SEND HELP; CAN'T USE PHONE***
The grim reaper was there
He Won't Leave Us Alone
I had no choice...
13
I work as a janitor at a fairly popular hotel. Last night I was on my way to clean the basement and got stuck in the elevator. It said I’d reached basement level, then went down a floor...
TXkgQ29uZmVzc2lvbg==
There is no ¨I¨ in Death
Every night, they take my organs
I found my diary but i didn't write it
Sometimes, just leave your dorm mates alone.
Love and Death Just Don't Mix Well
Be Careful What You Do on the Internet, Don't Join Weird Live Feeds and Most Important of All, Always Cover Your Webcam
THREE hours left (last chance!)
I found some instructions graffitied in the lift in my block of flats. I shouldn't have followed them.
Timecheck: 12:58 am PhST and i want to sleep.
So now he's eaten a cow
I found my diary but i didn't write it
My daughter's recovery from RHD is scaring me.[Part Two]
The men in black came to talk to me in third grade
Don’t work at the North Peak Hotel. I did. . . and now I have to live with that mistake.
why did the chicken cross the road?
Mama's House
The Stalker Men (Part 1)
My daughter's recovery from RHD is scaring me. [Part Two]
I’m a deep web assassin who hunts down cults in his spare time. I think I’m now the hunted. [Part 1]
It smells like grilled pork chops
Hi Meat, It's Me...
You are meat, My name is ...
Wendigo who spoke part 2
The Stalker Men (Part 1)
Dirty Date
I am Dr. Jason Moore chief biologist of a expedition to identify a phenomenon in the Amazon Rainforest, here is the first report of my personal recount of the events before and after I concluded my research.
The ghost haunting me was afraid of something.
[NSFW] Dirty Date
Should I stop selling bodies from my mortuary?
My foster kid was raised being told she was a demon, and now strange things are happening around the house
Moon Lily
There's A Women Living In My Bedroom
I just moved into the new house with my family, and I think I've done something I didn't mean to.
Tv clip thing I remember from when I was younger.
I’m a plumber and boy howdy have I seen some shit
It
The Hide of a Skinwalker [Part 4]
My dad was buried alive
"The Mall"
The village
Be careful where you choose to sleep.
Searching for the Rosie hour part 2
Be careful where you choose to sleep.
someone left a note on my car
Knock Thrice before you enter. It’s only Polite, my Mother Warned me.
Be careful where you choose to sleep.
In need of an occultist.
In need of an occultist.
I said hello and now I am being stalked...
Dear Joan Help my body is possessed!
Zak Bagans Haunted Museum: The Aftermath
I Have the Most Ridiculous Irrational Fear
The bus
Zak Bagans Haunted Museum (The Aftermath)
Zak Bagans Museum Of Horror (Update)
Drake presents Gretzky - Taking Lives [Sound Track] (Official Video)
It should have been me.
The Devil Collects
I might look at it tonight
My backdoor won't lock anymore
I couldn't even scream
I have been running and cant stop
the cursed jewel
The Dory, Carn. A Ships Tale.
Are any of these stories actually legit?
Who Invited This Clown Camping
I cant stop running
My counselor disappeared, and I don’t know what to do
I couldn't find out why I felt different until I slept
Seal the WellWhy did the chicken cross the road?
Seal the Well
Food
My bff has a creep
My Car Won't Shut Up
Our Mailwoman Is A Nice Lady [Part 4]
treading water...
First apartment
This is MY Story (part one)
Why won’t it leave?
All That I've Seen- Part 1
The village in Hungary
What is Mr. Purple?
The unknown basketball court
The Golf Course After Dark
White house witch
The game I deeply regret playing
Looking for my missing sister (Part 1)
Why did the chicken cross the road?
Book of the Damned
Beneath the Surface of the Water
The town that’s wiped off the map.
The Golf Course After Dark
We moved into a true house of horrors and now it won't let us leave ( Part 2 )
We moved into a true house of horrors and now it won't let us leave
We moved into a true house if horrors and now it won't let us leave ( Part 2 )
The DeerGrove Happenings
Haunting of Hill House stories
The Golf Course After Dark
I was given this journal and instructions to “share it with the world” and honestly, I can’t even comprehend some of this... pt 2
The Bloody Dogwood Tree
My daughter is really bad at games
Innocent toys
Allison, the freak weirdo methhead creep
SHE NEVER SPEAKS BUT WON'T LEAVE ME ALONE
I was given this journal and instructions to “share it with the world” and honestly, I can’t even comprehend some of this... pt 2
At the door
I’m a nurse. My patient has eyes on the back of his head.
I'm afraid of trees...
Warning: Do not attempt astral projection/Lucid Dreaming.
The Night I Nearly Sold a Potential Murder Weapon
The Day I Nearly Sold a Murder Weapon
My parents took me back to their country for human sacrifice. Part 2
Alone: Bloodless
Why did the chicken cross the road?
I wasn't always the quiet kid
The Elevator at Work Stopped on the 13th Floor. There isn't a 13th Floor.
Send Me Off With A Song
Maybe I’m Just The Worst Timeline
The Hybrid Experiment
I met my inner self... it's not as great as people say it is.
The Light Turned Green but Nobody Came Out
My name is Michael Kroenos, and I had to poison pizza.
My daughter's recovery from RHD is scaring me. [Part Two]
The recent storms mean they're coming back.
The lady who watches me sleep won't go away
Something is just not right.
My daughter's recovery from RHD is scaring me. [Part Two]
Huanted Pokie Gym
I found a door at the bottom of the ocean.
I Found Willing Participants
Do y’all know of any Mr. Nightmare/CreepyPasta stories that have been confirmed as true? If so, which ones?
That night
It's Getting To Be Too Dark (Part One)
Sleep Problems are Associated with Brain Dysfunction, Study
Mommy Dearest
He won’t stop coming
Soviet or alien technology
I recently met my long lost twin. He is rather strange [Part 5]
My job is watching a woman trapped in a room.
How much time do you need
Noises in the dark
The Golf Course After Dark
The Day I Died
Don't Even Trip Man
Don't Even Trip
My daughter's recovery from RHD is scaring me.
These...things, they’re after me...
The Golf Course After Dark
My name is Natalie Hart, and I’m dead.
You ever look at a picture of spiders and feel spider crawling all over you... That’s because they are
My name is Natalie Hart, And I'm dead.
I think there’s something happening with my primary school and these are my stories
Le Jeu
My name is Natalie Hart, And I'm dead
The drug experiment
Why, Mommy?
My friend and I went urban exploring, that was a mistake.
The Bloody Dogwood Tree
Have you ever looked at a spider and felt spiders crawling all over you.... that’s because they are crawling all over you
Something very bad is haunting me.
The Book of The Damned
I Will Surely Die Tonight
Stay away from Lake Mahogany
that is not my girlfriend, not anymore
Re-telling my grandfather's real life account
Why, Mommy?
my girlfriend isn’t my girlfriend anymore
Can't sleep
I Will Surely Die TonightI am not a killer (part 3)
Can't sleep most nights
Mop.
Fungible
Everlasting Hue
The Bad Good Samaritan
Welcome to the otherside
why i will never use the elevators in my residential building
Tesla was right about atmospheric energy being all around us.
someone left a note on my car
I just got married! Wanna know my secret to finding your perfect partner?
Russian Sleep Experiment
A man died in our house
someone left a note on my car
The Black Bones
Childhood Friend
Only the strong survive
The 1 hour call that changed my life..
It came from the dark
He won’t leave me alone
I have a voice in my head....it's messing with me
I’ve been trapped inside for 366 days. I have an escape plan.
Trapped Inside for 366 Days. This is Day 1 of my Escape.
Lost in the Mind (part 1)
SOMEBODY HELP I AM SO SHOOK AND SCARED
The miniature Ferris wheel
EM steals doll, pays the price
Made With Love
The NoSleep story I read doesn't exist.
I was part of an island exploration team in the Indian Ocean...I was the only survivor Part 5
The Thing That Followed My Husband Back From Hell Is Coming For Me Now.
Deer Camp
Riding My Bike. At Night. In the City. Part 1 of 4
Flayed
He was not there to fight fires.
Riding My Bike. At Night. In the City. [part 1 of 4]
Winter and Construction
I need him💔
Riding My Bike. At Night. In the City. [Part 1 of 4]
My son and dogs made good freinds with a pack of wolves...
Deadman's Vessel
Sandman
The Traveling Circus
I will surely die today
Our Mailwoman Is A Nice Lady [Part 3]
Studying sucks
A run in with a serial killer
angel music
Something Throbbing in My Head
Mother's Rules
The game
Don’t look into the elephant’s foot.
We are the Knight
The Anomaly
Shadow People
Children of the Knight
Shadow People
Mr. Bits: Phase 1
Mr. Bits: Phase 1
I work for a company the us government hires to handle paranormal/monster like activity and hunt down monsters
The Color Red
I recently went on Small World in Disneyland, and near the end, I really didn't wanna go again for at least a long while.
Grandfather's Discovery: Part Two
I Will Surely Die Tonight
The Shoes
I was part on an island exploration team in the Indian Ocean... I was the only survivor PART 5
The Butt of the Joke
Into the Dark
Captain Miles Foster's Log. May 6, 1807
The Treehouse
I Think Eleanor Knows
Captain Miles Foster's Log 6 May, 1807
"Watch out, listener"
It has been seven days since the lights flickered
Haunted House
It has been seven days since the lights flickered
I Hear What I Can't and I See What I Wish Was Wrong
4 Month Sleep Regression
reawaken
528 - Out of the Fog, In to the Fryer.
Somethings stealing from my workshop.
My friend's story about the theme park he used to work at.
I work in the park ranger service in Vancouver, Canada.
My Dearest Friend
Somethings in my workshop.
Some strange things have been happening since my cat went missing
Midnight Notes
I should have never downloaded this game.
The consuming darkness.
Shadow people
That night
There's something terrible in the mountains of Japan
I see people as my toys
Something or someone has been doing things while i sleep.
where'd the homeless go?
Something or someone has been taking over while i sleep
I Work at the Darabont County Archives - Part Four
Why cant Murdered people hold their breath on TV?
I saw something terrifying on a nature webcam.
I think I'm losing my eyesight.My Shadow Finally Spoke Today
Why cant Murdered people hold their breath on TV
My Dearest Friend
The Sun Is Gone?
“Push”
I fell asleep in a movie theater. When I woke up, things weren't the same.
Long winter nights
So I've known this stranger half of my life
A Paranormal Experience from my childhood
Everything Changed
I think I'm losing my eyesight.
Memories of a House
Something bad is haunting me.
DO NOT LEAVE THE CIRCLES
The Final Episode of Georgie Bears Fables.
Lay with me
Closer [Part 1]
I woke up, and looked at the time
He found me
He found me
The Blood-eating Sword
Diary of...
Guaranteed for Life!
I think my boss is watching me
All That I've Seen- Part 1
(Why cant Murdered people hold their breath on TV?)
5 Tried and True Tips for Those Who Have Sleep Problems
The Rotten House
My Aunt breaks my Ouija Board and pays the price (conclusion)
The Shoes
I brought a video camera to the bedroom, my wife wasn't happy.
Knock! Knock! New true scary story
DISINTEGRATING
I Saw Something on The NASA Earth Livestream
Knock! Knock! New true scary story
Lost Friend
Why cant Murdered people hold their breath on TV
It has been six days since the lights flickered
It has been five days since the lights flickered
don't eat animals from Texas
I went on a fishing trip with my dad, We later realized we weren't alone...
Around us
I thought I was normal until something changed my life.
My Aunt breaks my Ouija Board and pays a horrible price (Conclusion)
The Phone Call (Short story)
Aunt breaks my Ouija Board and gets Haunted (Conclusion)
My time in Afghanistan
Plenty more where this came from 100 percent true.
Where exists positive, without any doubt there exists some negative energy too!
Lost friend
I think I got raped in my sleep
Disintegrating
I'm a part of the Chernobyl redevelopment program I am seeing ghosts (Entry 1)
Help our daughter is missing
Sounds at night.
Women Must Serve Men
Save yourself
Me and my friend just met a psychopath
Now, even shadows make me jump. I need help.
The Demon Boy from Mrs. Honeysickle's Home for the Unfortunate (Part 1)
i need ideas
Being the Grim Reaper at the end of the world
The Demon Boy from Mrs. Honeysickle's Home for the Unfortunate
For those who love Nosleep Narration
I just wanted a night of fun
My Brother and I Like to Play Hide-and-Seek
I’ve been hearing strange noises at night. They are coming from the attic.
I'm being followed by something.
My 10 Year Stalker
Never record yourself sleeping.
Chocolate Chip Cookies
Where Did I Go Wrong?
My Husband Died And Went To Hell. I Think Something May Have Followed Him Back.
Rafeville
Chocolate Chip Cookies
MISSING: Emily Paulson
F•R•I•E•N•D•S
The Backrooms
Something unexplainable happened I need help
I have the ability to warp to different dimensions each one is worst than the last
The Missing (UPDATE)
The book of wishes
The little girl in the big old barrel.
The rituals are real...
angel music
The Chronicles of the Souvenir Shop
I accidentally summoned a gay demon and now he's ruining all my drag shows. Part 1.
I accudentally brought a gay demon to life and now he's ruining all my drag shows. Part 1.
An idea.
I thought my new girlfriend loved animals - now I am not so sure
Lorelei
What was it.
I Love Coffee
I think my boyfriend’s daughter wants to tear my skin off
What. Was . That . Noise?
Annoying mom wanted me to give one of my dogs to her daughter
Childhood town Chapter 1: Valley street
My parents took me back to their country for human sacrifice.
Hello diary
I Love Coffee.Red Shoes
The Vault
If you can hear footsteps it has already heard you.
Red Shoes
Plates
A Day in The Life of a Reaper
Something Is Wrong
This is not my yearbook
Why I stopped going down to the basement
Miss Cleo Pulled the Death Card
I run away from my 12y.o. copy cat. I am being hunted down!
The Toys
Colonial Plates
Observer
My Scariest Experience
The game I deeply regret playing
Mosquitoes
528 - Take a Number.
Have you ever had a talking dog ask you to hunt down a demon?
My cat murdered my boyfriend
Please tell me about Nicolas Sequeira?
I never leave curtains open
The Sun Wasn't Setting
BURMUDA FILES: LOG 1
I got a past life regression hypnosis and saw something I wish I didn't see
I'm done using Uber
Everything Is Perfect
We moved into a true house of horrors and it won't let us leave
The game I deeply regret playing
We moved into a true house of horrors and it won't let us leave
The Grim Reaper is among us. (Part 2)
We moved into a true house of horrors and it won't let us leave
There's a monster in my closet
I am so confused. Are these posts supposed to be real? Sorry if this is against the rules (this post I mean)
The Grim Reaper is among us. (part 2)
Bushes scare me
Home Sweet Home [PART 1]
Something is devouring realms
The yellow eyes
Me and my best friend Tony were playing around with a ouija board. I'm confused when my best friends Tony's spirits replies?
My little sister used to be a picky eater. Used to.
The yellow eyes
If anyone has an explanation, help me... please
Short story I decided to write.
Mario Kart 7 deluxe
The yellow eyes
The Ability To Recognize Rage In A Woman's Eyes
I keep seeing blue doors everywhere I go. I'm starting to think it isn't a coincidence.(part 2)
I hate all these conspiracy theories that are obviously super false. Like the idea that we stay dead when we die
The MadMan
Why I stopped going down to the basement
Notes from isolation experiment #1 (pt 3)
SirenHead
Grandfather's Discovery: Part One
SirenHead (first post)
I kill people in my sleep
I kill people in my sleep
I kill people in my sleep
My Aunt breaks my Ouija Board and pays a horrible price
Our Mailwoman Is A Nice Lady [Part 2]
Our Mailwoman Is A Nice Lady [Part II]
It won't leave me alone
Who Else Was With Us?
My Best Friend
Hospital Night
So I found this book.
I found my old journal
"Sweetie"
My sister discovered a universal language, but she hasn't spoken a word since 2003
Cerber: A Mundane Chronicle [PART 5]
We're Making a Marionette
The Sinners Club
A Report on the Grey Men of 327 Cedar Lane
Dear past self, I’m sorry.
how fortnite ruined my life
My Patient Warned Me, I Didn’t Listen.
Dear past self, I’m sorry...
If I killed someone for you
Everytime I wake up, new scratches appear on my body.
Pet
Death by the river
NeuroHaven Log #002 - BeingAI Malfunction
Turn Around!
Rules for visitors with children
Sleepless Death
Sleepless death
Dreaming of Heaven and Hell
Turn Around! Inspiration from r/writingprompts
SLEEP PARALYSIS ETC...
The duck
how fortnite ruined my life
The Numbers Case
The First Day
odd deja vu? day by day?
The Gray
Groupon Meat Ship
I think I was possessed... twice
My dead grandpa
I should have never talked to her
I Saw it in a DreamDiary of... 3/8/15
The cat place
I don’t know how i feel about these events
My Patient Warned Me, I Didn’t Listen
My Wife Is Eating Me Alive
Don’t look out the window at the so-called wolves at night
The Weather Machine
NeuroHaven Log #001
Boat Ride
My dead grandfather
I Saw Gold Eyes
My Neighborhood is Surrounded by a Massive Wall and You Need to Listen [FINAL]
When writing a story, how do you make the reader sympathize with a flawed character?
NeuroHaven Log #001
And urban legend I heard
First responder
The commercials started talking to me.
My baby sister was acting weird so I went to her daycare
Girl in the mirror
How long
Where am I?
How long
Don’t look at me (Part 1)
Revenge of the AfterLife
Don’t look at me, Part I
Elvis is Alive?
Revenge of thw afterlife
The revenge of the afterlife.
A Clowns Secret
A kids show
The bird puppet who made me dance for my life
DIARY
A Clowns Secret
Wait, please
Don't look out the window
Wait, please
My Grandfather built his mansion over a corpse disposal. Now I know why. [Part 1]
I Died And Went To Hell. It's Not What You Think.
I helped a billionaire fix his son
2004
Pig Feed
You
The Knocks At My Window
Daddy gave me a teddy bear for my birthday
It won't leave me alone
Test
The Lorax is real, and he is NOT a cute friendly creature.
"And I'm conducting research on that beast I found in my backyard"
I finally found her
If You Are Contacted by a Podcast Called 'World of the Macabre,' Don't Submit to Them
The day i met Mark and Bob
The day i met Mark and Bob
From The Field: Something In The Woods
My Brother is Sick
The man who wanted room 39
Spider scare
Don't Look At Me (Part I)
The truth of what happened to the Ranger
I’ve seen things nobody else can but no one believes me!
New Tenants
My Dads are werewolves
Fungible
This is weird!
The Backrooms
She came back to me
Crazy company kills a man
I’ve seen what nobody else can but nobody believes me!
theirs somthing in the woods
What the Hell Was in My House?
The Vermont Satyr Company has been forced to close.
I've been hired to test out a Self-Driving Car. Definitely not what I expected
The last meal
My House is Haunted
The Beast Within
Nobody Left
I see dead people in photographs - A day in my life
I Broke Daddy's Rules
Bizzare things have been happening to me throughout my life (part 4)
My school goes through a battle royale competition every year(Update 2).
I've seen the other realm.
There's something inside me.
A Cool Treat On a Hot Day
N14 to Olifantshoek
Someone ate the contents of my grocery store
The long bus ride home
RE: Status Update
Squeak and tunnels
A VHS tape was left on my doorstep [PART 2]
A last message
Generosity
The grey men of 327 Cedar Lane
The woman who walked her dogs
This Man
Guest House [Part 1]
My Best Friend Dying Is Just The Beginning
Homeless woman lives in occupied house's attic for almost a year undetected
The Man Behind the Door
It's in the fog part 2
Our Mailwoman Is A Nice Lady
Stories From The Unknown TownI think my human is dying.
live all night
The Shadows Of Sunny Hollow
Made With Love
On the Other Side
What is insomnia
Guest House [Part 1]
Guest House (Part 1/4)
The Beast Within Part. 1
Patrol Sergeant for Bishop Police Department conducting a business check
Hi, Squab! I've booked your flight!!
Action Figures
The Floating Woman Part One [Ongoing]
I Spent 24 Hours Inside a Dollhouse Escape Room
I expanded my mind
Asena
Please don’t fuck with Bloody Mary.
Please do not fuck with Bloody Mary (trigger warning, drug abuse)
Lying to my Tinder Date
The most horrifying one ever
Battle of Rebirth Part2
My Brothers and Sisters Lived in a Secret Room
Macy’s Shelter for Neglected Animals
Kid screaming outside my house?
Demons-TI
Jumping At Shadows
Jumping At (More Than Just) Shadows
Demons-TI
He Ran on All Fours
Honey.
The Rush... (Part 1)
A Vague Visitor
I keep seeing blue doors everywhere I go, I'm starting to think it isn't a coincidence. (Part 2)
I know there is someone else in my home
I may not be the best bartender, but my Bloody Marys are the best in town!
A Vague Visitor
A Child's Voice
I may not be the best bartender, but my Bloody Marys are the best in town!
daddy loves me
A memory i did't want..
My scary story
The Search for Noykair
Dahlia
I Forgive You.
There are worse things than being lost.
I think my house is haunted but I’m not sure
This is not my house.
Something isn't right.
If I could do it all different
My Cat Vanished And A Creature Took Me
March Contest Winners
The Thing In The Mirror
There are Demons Hauting Me, and Everyone Thinks I'm Crazy
I wish I never tried Lucid Dreaming…
Multiplayer Millionaire
Apartment of Leaves
Im a 911 operator, and i was assaulted [part 2]
Im a 911 operator, and ive been assaulted [Part 2 of the 911 series]
It can happen to anyone, anytime
I've seen the other realm.
It can happen to anyone, anytime
Why You're Right To Be Afraid Of Clowns
Borrowed Teeth
My son's been acting weird lately, so this morning I checked his search history.
Never go into the woods.
I'm so sorry. I really didn't mean to :(
What Was Left of Tim
Never go on the dark web..
What's beyond the treeline at the bus yard?
Im a 911 operator, and i was assaulted [part 2 of the 911 series]
DO YOU KNOW THESE GIRLS?
Im a 911 operator, and i was assaulted [part 2 of the 911 series]
I'm a failure
I found my grandfathers confession.
Seven Excerpts from the Kadath Expedition
hey if your reading this from Yakima Washington you need to leave as soon as possible
Never go on the dark web..
I couldn't climb the rope in gym.
This is actually a real sleep paralysis story
2020 is right around the corner
Lino the Talking Lion™
This community is bullshit
A mortician’s job is never done – Annie
Danny, The voice in my head.
Gaia's Womb
Forgive me
Alone: Voices
My Father Stood Outside My Bedroom Window. He's been Dead For 5 years
Jacopo
I've been gone for Four Hours. For me, It's been 12 years. (Part 2)
I've been gone for Four Hours. For me, it was 12 Years. (Part 2)
Goodnight
I'm Annie MacArthur and I Met the Woman who Killed Fate
The Grim Reaper is among us. (part 1)
It has been three days since the lights flickered
They Found a Diary Under his Bed
The Girl, the Police and the Wardrobe
There's a pond replacing my front yard.
My eldest cannibal cat.
Our Minor HauntingOne More Hit
Today is my birthday. It was nearly my last.
I Forgive You.
The Ghostwriter (Part One)
Last door on the right
Mr. Lore: Bright sun shiny day
The Beast of the Barren Lakes: An Unexplained News Story that Nobody Wants to Publish...Part 6/6
My Dream Job Has Become a Nightmare [Part 2]
I am a virtual “you“
It's in the fog
I don't know why it's on me, do I need help?
My Best Friend Was Infected With a Parasite
I am a virtual “you”
The dream
I'm Sorry
Why You're Right To Be Afraid Of Clowns
Both my best friend and I just married men but I think we were meant to be
I Need Light.
I've been gone for Four Hours. For me, it's been 12 Years (Part 2)
Is attraction common?
Mom almost died two times while working as a janitor in a movie theater
PARANORMAL NUMBER.
Mom almost died two times while working at movie theater
PARANORMAL NUMBER
Behind These Rugs Lurks Something Deeply Disturbing. Photograph Inside.
stuck
Mom almost died two times while working at movie theater
What provoked him to appear?
It keeps following me and it gets closer every time I see it.
Killing Her Softly With Its Song
Mom almost died 2 times while working as a janitor
Help me, i dont know what to do
Lambs of God
What provoked him to appear?
Recipient Wanted
Blocked Pipes
This is for those who still wonder what this system is.
Don’t go to the railroad crossing on Peggy road
The scariest part about Code Enforcement
My Summer Camp's Monster Is Real And Now I Have Proof
Grackle Lady
Holt Summit, Missouri
My friend's new sculptures are unbelievably lifelike
The System is Your Friend
The Dead Are Outside My window
It's been following me since I was a kid, and I think it's reached me.
BERMUDA FILES: Log 1
BURMUDA Files: Log 1
The Lost Haunted Mansion Boat Ride
My lonely cat
Alive
Jewelry
Every house has one....
The day the world fell to darkness
So clumsy... ！
i cant find my baby. the last time i saw her was in someones car
What Timothy brought home from school.
The Shifting Woods
A Message From The System
Jewelry
The Rush (Part 1)
Don't believe her. She's crazy.
The Monkey from Mexico
This is 100% true
27
The Dead Knocked On My Bedrooom Window
Incubus is Inevitable
I'm an IRL Streamer and Tonight Something Inexplicable Happened
A serial Killer's Happy eyes.
I Love My Son (Part 2)
A Sworn Purpose
The Forest of Shadows
A mortician’s job is never done – Annie times two
One Last Hike
Snapchat (scary story)
Someone please tell me how to return to sender
ShopKeeper- The Cleansing Project
The spookiest story ever
Every night I make dinner for my family, and every night they refuse to eat.
I keep seeing blue doors everywhere I go, I'm starting to think it isn't a coincidence.
The Slayer
One Firm Piece
You Don't Know the Muffin Man
He was watching us from the field.
The girl in the chair
I’m so sorry Mom. I have to go.
My Dead Father Was Outside My Bedroom Window. He Wanted Me To Walk into The Woods
I was given this journal and instructions to “share it with the world” and honestly, I can’t even comprehend some of this... pt 2
What I Deserve
The System Is Your Friend
Don't forget to count the cats.
I Weaponized Clinical Depression For A Psychological War Start-Up. I Now Feel Overwhelming Remorse.
The Ordinary People (Part 1)
Sex Slave
The Ordinary People (Part 1)
It Waits In The Woods
There's a guy following me around town and I'm not entirely sure hes human, or if he even belongs here. (Part 1)
Last Night I Died
My parents aren’t my parents
Who am I?One of my kids is not my kid
The Monster Outside My Bedroom Window
creepy story : My nightmare is starting to spill
recreating my dreams is the most fulfilling thing i've ever done (part 2)
I was almost abducted when I was a child
Sackhead Tate
Never go on the dark web..
Cage of My Own Design (Letter)
The Alms Seeker at The Station
I'm being followed by a guy around town and I have no idea who he is. (p1)
What is the best endurance exercise?
Not Many
Could somebody take care of my pretty fishes ?
My parents aren’t my parents
My new PC isn't working properly.
Last Night I Died
UNIDENTIFIED ENTITY
In Our Town
UNIDENTIFIED ENTITY.
Last Week I Died
The Alms Seeker at the Station (My First post)
Hunted
Last Week I Died
I accidentally wandered into Area 51 and I can't leave now
Blah
The Man in the Basement
Seven Excerpts from the Kadath Expedition
Life on Casa Mountain
Life on Casa Mountain
Excerpts from the Angell's Notebook - Part Three (Final)
i keep getting murdered in my dreams.
The Smell Of Tires
A Horrible Thing Outside The Window
I'm A Prisoner At San Quentin.The New Prison Guard Isn't Human.
Something's Been Hounding My Family
Darkroom
Life in Casa Mountain
Something Horrible Lives In The Woods.
Fire
A man didn't care
I Wouldn't get in the Car
I got the ticket to heaven
True Life: It Follows Me Part 1
Why is there something instead of nothing?
It just not fair.
Hatred
It's just not fair.
Alone
My unbelieved Home alone story...
Beckworth House - Part 1
“Angel” came to me last night
The High-Class Pervert In Full-On Pervert Mode
Don't Answer!
I was given this journal and instructions to “share it with the world” and honestly, I can’t even comprehend some of this.... pt 2
Weird things happened to my gf and I while at my dad's place
The Treehouse
My Father Went on the Radio and Gave Machete Wielding Killers our Home Address
The Old Lady Next Door
I Found A Recipe Box Service On The Dark Web
My Pickpocketing Career was ruined by a Malicious Entity
Lumberjack
I've discovered something...
Why does Grandma say I'm her favorite?
Photobomb
Weeping Willow
Don’t let them find you.
(allegedly) TRUE (but secondhand) STORY: The Gloucester Hitchhiker
(allegedly) TRUE (but secondhand) STORY: The Gloucester Hitchhiker
Rot
Little did I know this sweet smelling, yellow flower would bring me so much pain
Little did I know this sweet smelling, yellow flower would bring me so much pain
Green Glass Door
I think my friend wanted me to know something.
Stories From An Unknown Town
A VHS tape was left on my doorstep [PART 2]
I have 12y.o. copy cat and I fear for my life
Pride Is A Deadly Sin
I get very confused sometimes (Part 2)
MY FIRST NIGHTMARE
My brother (fictional)
My Best Friend Didn't Commit Suicide
3:56 And one huge explosion
It may not be as scary to you but it still creeps me out (true story)
My husband is an abusive cult leader who reads my mind
Gabby
Things that shouldn't see daylight (part two)
Ghost adventures
A trip to the theater
DECA EX DEXEDRINE
Trust me, dying is the biggest favor I could do everyone
A trip to the old theatre
Albtraums (The Dark Room)
(my first story) is it there?
Don't look under street lights at night
Someone to Watch Over Us
I did it... I saved her
A Sickening Problem
The Machine
Please listen this involves your fate
Pissing out of my assPossibly Stalked by a family annihlator.
My grandfather was a WW2 veteran who fought for the Soviets during the first Battle of Stalingrad. This is what I found in his diary.
Ghost Detector App
Surprise
The Cat Brings Me Pieces Of My Daughter
NSFW Surprise
It was just a dream
What I got in the mail PT2
I've been going through this for a bit, so what about anyone else?
I Can't Stop.... Stop Me... Please/NSFW
It was just a dream
What I Got In The Mail PT2 finale
I might be living with a witch (Update 7)
I've discovered something...
What I Got In The Mail PT2
let me tell you about a story about a monster
What I got in the Mail PT2
The journal I found in Arizona #1
Strange Men.
The Monkey
What I got in the mail PT2
Help me... Please
Bruh
The reason "Coming Home" never made it to theaters.
Help me.
The reason "Coming home" mever made it to theaters.
What I got in the mail
Do not trust The System
Ghost Detector App
I have alot of time on my hands
What I got in the mail
I used to work at McDonalds
Not a normal day,
What I got in the mail PT2
Something Is Wrong With Jenny...
What I got in the mail PT2
Ghost Game
What I got in the mail PT 2
The Lost Haunted Mansion Boat Ride - Creepypasta
The Haunted Mansion Boat Ride - Creepypasta
What I got in the mail
What I got in the mail pt 2
The Laughing Man
Ghost Game
Things that shouldn't see daylight (part two)
What I got in the mail pt 2
Today I’m going to do it - Really
The thing
The Mandela Killer
Yellow eyed copy cat
The Woman in the Water
I'm An Inmate At San Quentin. I Think Pennywise The Clown Might Kill Me Soon.
Mirror, Mirror.
The Job Offer (Preview)
The god forsaken place of the internet
I’m An Only Child, But I Have Two Sisters and A Brother
I went to a speed-dating event. There's something seriously wrong with one of the guys.
My name is Michael Kroenos, and my new co worker isn't human.
The Murder of Susan Knight
I don't belong here
My Neighborhood is Surrounded by a Massive Wall and I Screwed Up [PART 4]
What I got in the mail pt 2
Where has the world gone?
What is your scariest memory of your childhood?
Never go back to the crime scene at night
Howler Station
You know how sometimes you feel like you’re being watched?
Calls of the Castle (part 7)
The Face of Evil
Barbie Girl
Upload complete
My Childhood Demon
Bit by Bit
True Life: It Follows Me Part 1
The great one (Part 1)
I killed my problematic mother
My ghost is living at my Mother's house
Mary Cotton (Part 1)
My Flies
Rules for visitors with children
I am forced to gamble my life, but it's not what you think.
I Never Take Ubers or Lyfts Alone, Especially Not at Night
I Think Something’s Living in My Closet..
NoSleep
Full-On Pervert In Full-On Pervert Mode!
Most Horrifying Hallucination Ypu Ever Had
Im a 911 operator, and i just revieved the most horrific call.
What i saw the part of a godforssken place in the internet will slowly destroy me
I was given this journal and instructions to “share it with the world” and honestly, I can’t even comprehend some of this...
My Childhood Demon
Howler Station
Things that shouldn't see daylight (part two)
Seven Excerpts from the Kadath Expedition
Howler Station
Howler Station
Things that shouldn't see daylight (part one)
Nosleep Posting and Commenting Guidelines - Read Before Posting or Commenting!!!
My little ghoul
The Beating Heart
Camp LottiThe Banana Lady
I've been gone for Four Hours. For Me, It's been 12 years.
Give me a reason to live
Deal Of a Lifetime
My Child Won’t Move.
My name is Michael Kroenos, and my new co worker isn't human.
Never go back to the crime scene at night
My Little Ghoul
we were god's failure (pt. 1)
Working As A Porter At An Old Chevrolet Dealership [3]
The day I found out we are not alone.
Let me die
My first time seeing ghost
It eats you : first host
My Dream Job Has Become a Nightmare
I Should Have Taken The #9 Bus
A Young Audience
I did it... I saved her
Nothing is what it seems.
I Visited the World War One Cemetery That Does Not Officially Exist
Nothing is what it seems.
Mulberry Street
The curse of life
What i saw in the god forsaken place of the internet
A VHS tape was left on my doorstep [PART 1]
Everyone Has Secrets. What’s Yours?
When Death comes
I made a breakthrough discovery at work, and I think I've doomed the world.
I was working on a project at work and I made a breakthrough. I think I doomed the world.
I have become the first human to make contact with an alien species
She's my new friend, she's beautiful, but there's something odd about her.
I was just trying to learn how to ask for help
Burger King Drive Thru
A Gift For The Tree
Old Town Road
A Gift For The Tree
Dolls
Something is wrong with my room.
A Gift For The Tree
An Old Story Leads To A New One
Dolls (A Poem)
The school is hiding something from us
I'm a 911 dispatcher, and I think I received a call from another dimension.
My Experience With The Testing Game
The Lost Haunted Mansion Boat Ride
Cutting Off Relationship Ties
I was bitten by something and the effects are kicking in...
Why are there people with no faces?
STARGATE never ended
What I got in the mail
Meat
Teeth
There is something in the camp grounds lake
There is something very wrong in my sister's room.
Two teenage girls are missing
Why I Disposed of My Polaroid Camera
My camping story
My old Veiwfinder showed me, me.
I haven't slept in seven years (Part 2)
A woman whispered in my ear.
I work the night shift at Walmart, my partner has been acting strange lately
I haven't slept in seven years (Part 2)
Smokey the Bear Tried to Murder My Family
I saw something while working the night shift at a golf course, an I going crazy, or was there something sinister going on...?
Johnny No-Face
My “friend” almost murdered me.
That time....
I’m 29 years old and I have only ever driven a car once
The Day Halloween Was Cut Short (Based on the EAS Scenario “The Ultimate Halloween)
I'm not sure if I'm losing my mind, or if something more sinister was going on here.....
Rocky's Ride
Advice:
An Old Story Leads To A New One
There’s a god in my woods
The System is not your friend.
Stitches
A very square day.
Cows
The Mental Murderer
Something Is Wrong With Jenny...
Things that shouldn't see daylight (part one)
Dream that i born with
[META] are some of these stories actually true?
Something really scared me.
Dream that i born with
Things that shouldn't see daylight (part one)
Dream that i born with
Lamb (Things that shouldn't see daylight, part one)
( this is not a story I need help with something in the community) I can't find the title of a story I once read in this no sleep reddit
The girl that can see who’s going to die
A mortician’s job is never done
My Name Is Joe And I Think My Days As A Pikachu Doll Are Numbered
Manson's Missing Man
Something happens in my neighbours house when they're away
My Creepiest Cases as a Private Investigator - Tommy Vaughn
Five Seconds of Terror
I was bitten by a bug and the side affects are kicking in
My Friend
My Neighbor is always with me
The man in the street was looking for someone....maybe someone curious and vulnerable like me. Let me tell you about him.I Work In An Underground Prison... Part 3 (Final)
Happy Mother's Day
We Drained our Pool. Now my Boyfriend is acting Strangely.
The Mandela Effect
The Desk
My name is Michael Kroenos, and I work at a Casey's located in the first circle of hell.
The ouija board is not for the squeamish
Paranoia
Sleep Deprivation &amp; Mental Health Problems, Buy Zopiclone Online UK
I used to deliver pizza. One time, things went very, very wrong.
Uninvited guest
Celler? I hardly knew 'er
A famous YouTuber should be dead, He cheated death.
Chilopoda
The Defectors
I Work In An Underground Prison... Part 2
my experience in the deep web... a god forsaken place
The kid who got arrested at my school
She licked my cheek
Calls of the Castle (part 7, FINAL)
Help. Weird Creatures outside
That kid
The Stray Cat
Help. Creatures
Run
I work for the FBI. Last summer my partner and I were called to London to help with a kidnapping.
My roommate was trying to expose the truth behind the Mount Palmer Psychiatric Institute. I think he was silenced for it.
Reaching the end of my rope
Help. Wierd creatures
I need help.
Happy Pills
Am I in the wrong for standing up to my mom?
Are there any facts that are extremely scary to know?
Seven Excerpts from the Kadath Expedition
Strangers
A whale visits me in my dreams every night. Tonight, she is going to carry me away forever.
Are there any facts that are extremely scary to know?
Unknown life saver number
The First World War and it's Dark Secret - My Great Grandfather's Diary [Pt 7]
A kid got arrested at my school
I held my breath for 43 minutes.
Deal of a Lifetime
Unlucky Boy
True Laboratory
I don't know where I've been for the last year.
AITA for standing up to my mom?
Nightshift at the local factory part one
My Experiment with Polyphasic Sleeping...
No Face
Tinder Date Gone Wrong
I always knew that there was something wrong with my reflection.
A random kid who I don't know started chasing me through the halls
Woman calls uber, and makes the worst decision of her life.
Gullible
She Lives In The Attic
It has been one day since the lights flickered
8th Grade
I'm Annie MacArthur and I Accidentally Summoned a Demon
She Lives In The Attic
My very weird village
A Conversation with My Cat
not feeling safe in school
My daughters killer
The Nightmare Connection
Dr.Marilyn Monroe. Erotic Dance Art. Marilyn Original Soul New Body. Hollywood Reincarnate. Full Body Soul Investigation
Dating A Demon Is Hard Work
Fiancée sleepwalked into the basement, the next day I hear my own voice come from down there.
Nuckelavee
Dating A Demon Is Hard Work.
My beard is growing at an uncontrollable rate
Nuckelavee
I am finally ready to share what REALLY happened to my family when I was 7 years old. I have already called and reported it all to the police, and now I am sitting here waiting for them to show up at my door.
I Clean a Church Twice a Week. There's Something in There With Me. (Part 2)
life is a lie and there is no way out, good luck!
I used to listen to the radio growing up.
A terrifying incident when I was living in China
I am finally ready to tell what happened to my family when I was 7... I have already called and admitted everything to the police:
I Died Yesterday
Nalusa Falaya (Part 1)
The school at night
Jack
Found a really old journal my grandfather left me.
Have you heard of Somniloquill?
I am stuck in 1998
I Died Yesterday
If you ever get a message on Instagram by a user named miccu55,ignore the notification
Who's standing behind you?
I died yesterday
Someone is trying to kill me [Part 3]
I work at a zoo.
My friend who fought demons (part 4)
Do Not Abandon All Hope (Part 1)
4 Creepypasta Readings
Do Not Abandon All Hope (Part 1: Prologue)
My Brother Geoff
i use dead things as a computer mouse
My Childhood Home was Definitely Haunted
I keep leaving messages on my dead boyfriend's voicemail, then it called back (Part 9) Final
It has been one day since the lights flickered
She Didn't Look Like Her Pictures...DoorDash- Get $10 off + Free delivery for a month using this link (Link should also be in the comments)
I am scared, there is something.
The Forgotten American Conflict
Pig
He lives in my best friend’s old apartment.
The First World War and its Dark Secret - My Great Grandfather's Diary [Pt 7]
Adoption's An Option
Paranormal activity
The Lost Haunted Mansion Boat Ride
Don’t add strangers on SnapChat
If any of this happens to you, listen to them, they are the key. I'm afraid I might have figured that out too late
The Nightwalker
The movie that helps you sleep.
Amnesia Ruined My Life
Found a weird forum obsessed with the color green and some "mother" character
The Thing in My Dorm
The Elm
Found a weird/creepy forum through an online rabbit hole
The Voodoo Doll
Complete stranger
THE NIGHTWALKER
The Bed and Breakfast in the Mountains.
Forum of the Unfinished Games
R/nosleep
Summer Camp Memories
The creature
I've been on the run for 3 years.... Part 1
Grandma's 911 Calls: Robert
I've been on the run for 3 years... PART 1
You May Have Noticed Some Strange Things Today...Do Not Be Alarmed
I couldn't stand the smell, so I got rid of it.
The deep web is no place for fun...
Someone Watches Me While I Sleep
My Name Is Joe And I Guess I'm A Doll Or Something Now
The Twitter Diary of Apollo - Interactive and real-time Story
Everyone say happy birthday to Stevie Wonder
My childhood imaginary friend won't leave me alone
Shadow of a Doubt - an Us FanFiction
A man helped me while I was stranded.
Chapter 1: The Transference
In case I don't come back - final update
I'm a nurse. The hospital I work at has a secret basement.
They have started our attacks. We are not ready.
Nothing scares me.
I've been to another realm.
Unexpexted visitors
We never thought that we were the livestock.
Bugs are just my slow cleaning little friends
My Name Is Sara
I am an ER nurse. I had a patient last night, but nobody believes what actually happened.
My Name Is Sara
A set of films labeled “What could’ve been.”
Another deep web story...
Bugs are just slow cleaners
I’m Trapped in Another Reality and Can’t Escape, PLEASE help
How I found out my son is a killer
I Study Mythological Creatures, They're not like in fairytales. (part 9)
I made my brother disappear (Part 1)
Under The Pale Eye
It’s Time You Find Out That We Exist... We Are Watching
Update on haunted barn, with stitches
Guardian Angels do exist
I accepted a dare that I would regret for the rest of my life.. [Part 2]
Update, with stitches
[TEXT] [TRUE STORY] Sleep paralysis and Lucid dreams. MY EXPERIENCE
I Study Mythological Creatures, They're not like in fairytales. (part 9)
LUCID DREAMS , paralysis and sleep disruption. [TEXT]
Lucid dreams, help and advice please [Text]
I Work At An Underground Prison... part 1
[TEXT] Very Lucid Dreams and shit sleep patterns
My Stalking Neighbor...
I met the devil and never spoke about it
I always knew that there was something wrong with my reflection
Lucid dreams and shit sleeping patterns [Text]
I knew my cousin was hiding something from us,and I just wish she didn't...
Having trouble going to sleep at earlier times
3 best cheap straight razors
People in My Neighborhood Are Glitching
Horror Stories - Returns to Regular Uploads on Youtube
Half Me, Half Jeff
Fear at 30,000ft
I Work In An Underground Prison : Part 1
I met a crow today.
I think the woods near my house is used for mass burial (my first story)
My Brother Geoff
I met a crow today.
Does anyone remember The Realm?
A Happening on Apple Lane
Twenty years ago, I met a guardian angel. They're not as pure as you'd think.
The most horrifying nightmare I've ever had
I ate my twin in the womb, and now I’m pregnant.
Greenwood Manor
The Internet has gone too far
My school goes through a battle royale competition every year.
Seven Excerpts from the Kadath Expedition
He was always there
Let's play a game...
My Brother Geoff
Ever Had An Imaginary Friend?
"Red Moon" CreepypastaFive dumbasses and a monster.
The lights flickered today
The Beast of the Barren Lakes: An Unexplained News Story that Nobody Wants to Publish...Part 5/6
I received a letter from someone claiming to be my unknown brother.
The lights flickered today
I work for the ESA, and today we found a message.
I Sell Vintage
The voice in my head wants me to do something
Cheater, Cheater
The Passage
Calls of the Castle (part 6)
I met the devil and never spoke about it
So if 2 blind people fuck and have a baby, who’s going to watch it??
The strange new girl's not following the Home Owners' Association rules, and it's going to get someone killed
Tales from the man with cold hands
Closer Kin
Our Super Soldier Program has gone Horribly Awry
The most haunting 911 call I've ever responded to.
They call me Dozer. I kill ghosts.
"Say your fucking lines" [PT.2]
I saw bloody mary in my living room when i was young
I don't drive alone at night anymore.
The Crying Mop Closet
I saw something really bad and i cant stop thinking about
Animals At Night
Hair
I’m sorry
I’ve been hired to kill myself.
Satan Spawn
Too Good To Be True
A warning against sleep guided meditation
There’s a Humming Sound in My Room
There is something happening in an alley near to my house
I met the devil and never spoke about it
There is something happening in an alley (I really need help)
I Met A Dancing Demon In The Woods, And I Think It's Going To Kill Me.
Why You Should NEVER Play Pokemon GO at Midnight
I Found the Cell Phone of a Missing Person... And I Think I’m Next
The Never-Named
I Found the Phone of a Missing Person... and Now I Think I Might Be Next
Coca~Cola
Area 51
In case I don't come back (final update)
I Found the Cell Phone of a Missing Person... and I Think I’m Next
I had this nightmare years ago - at least, I hope that's what it was...
Trauma Aftershocks?
So Im a Corrections Officer, this story is 100% true and actually happened. I have seen the real monsters in this world. this is one of many stories. this isnt for the weak hearted or those that get queasy easy.
There is something happening in an alley (I really need help)
The Never-Named
The children of Garland woods
My camping trip story
A visit from my Grandmother
Ring Around the Rosie
Notes from isolation experiment #1 (pt 2)
So I'm a Corrections Officer. i have seen the real monsters in this world. buckle up buttercup cause this aint for the weak of heart or those that are queasy easy. this sure aint safe for work.
I was just trying to get some food...
Questions We've All Been too Afraid to Ask
The children of Garland Woods.
I hate niggers and chinks
My dad refuses to use his hearing aid
I used a spell and grew wings.
Toy Piano
My Demon-Infested Basement
How did you find me?!
My Neighborhood is Surrounded by a Massive Wall and the HOA is Becoming a Dictatorship. [PART 3]
The Woods... (first entry, I think?)
My dream is taking form...
My Neighborhood is Surrounded by a Massive Wall and The HOA is Becoming a Dictatorship [PART 3]
There is no god, we are living in the unknown world.
I think the woods near my house is a massive burial ground. (My first story)
The Shadow
There's something wrong with my house, it doesn't let me do what I want.
I’m A Medical Examiner Examining An Immortal Girl.
what do i do
Hellhounds
Happiness
Disposing of the leftovers
How did you find me?!
Notes from isolation experiment #1 (pt 2)
I wish I didn't get so mad sometimes
I'm A Medical Examiner, And I Think My Latest Patient Died Before.
I'm A Medical Examiner And My Latest Patient Was Already Dead Before.
2x faster
I wish I didn't get so mad sometimes
I'm next
2 Terrifying Fortnite Horror Stories
We Landed a Drone on The North Sentinel Island
The day the World fell to Darkness
I had a Nightmare...
My wierd dream
Real Scary Footage
Y'know that feeling?
A L1nk t0 7H3 Pa5t
I can't stop myself from killing my friends
The Photo Box
My son found a body in the woods that's since disappeared, but it's not the first time
The Never-Named.
Comfort Care
Woods Bobby
Could someone explain?My son found a body in the woods
My mother has always had a strange obsession with this old nursery rhyme. Now I know why.
Something wants me
It’s All Inside my Head, It’s All Inside my Head!
I'm Home Alone For the 1st Time (part 2)
My neighbour comforted me, then started sending me creepy WhatsApp messages. I still have the screengrabs.
Decay
Terminal 00
My Nightmare the other night (Real)
Presences
Searching for something
Allison Had Some Demons
Not This Time
I Met the Office Custodian Last Night
My sister was keeping me awake. It wasnt my sister
Never mention a mod in a nosleep story
Hay Fever Season was Bad this Year
Check this🔥
Monster in Law
Trapped in My Workplace, Day 1.
I've had the same Nickelback song stuck in my head for seven months...
There's A Monster In Our Basement
My Nightmares and other funny stories
I murdered three people and am looking for two others
I am looking for two more people after I've murdered three other people!
Positively Posting to NoSleep For Our Sakes!
I have a special eye.
Mother’s Day, I never wanted children, here’s why.
Those Blue Eyes
I never was a believer
I work as a security guard at a mall that serves the paranormal (Part 2)
An Unexpected Encounter
Parenting is hard.
I work as a security guard for a mall that serves the paranormal (Part 2)
Help me kill my nephew
Posting Positively for Our Sakes
Stevensville II
Posting Positively for Our Sakes
First story, no judgement...
SERIAL
i'm losing my mind
Everythinf I ever loved was ruined over a package
Seven Excerpts from the Kadath Expedition
Don’t let them take you
waking up scared
I walk upstairs...
The Viles - 2: Suspicion
Trapped in my Workplace [Day 1]
I read the warning
A story about joy and happiness instead
The screams of the deaf
I can't find the darker side of reddit?
A story about joy and happiness instead.
A story about joy and happiness instead
I work at the CDC in Cincinnati. You need to read this.
Doctors are evil and i don't know what to do
I work for the CDC in Cincinnati
Greenwood Manor
Losing Time
I Forgive You.
The clock in my room
I Forgive You
MY DREAM HAPPENED IN REAL LIFE??
There's Someone In My Basement. Help.
The forest. Part 1 introduction
I work for the CDC in Cincinnati. You need to read this.
I talked to a man who claimed to kill. (true story)
I am not a killer (part 2)
Some doors shouldn’t be opened, part one
I'm going to kill you.
Periphery
The Shadows
A funny little recollection of memories.
A Summary of Tales Most Foul and Heinous
I’m a teacher and some of my children aren’t what they seem.
Pentagram46agent log 1: Howdy
At my friends house
True story
My Hospital Story: Nowhere
There is Something Wrong With The Pool
The things I hear at night....
If you're in a small mountain town, never wait outside of Ken's Market
"Say your fucking lines"
I saw my future and I don't want to have one now
Where did my birthday thomas go
We were all happy to get Baxter back, at first.
The Black Dog Delivered Me.
Do you feel Them?
not sure what to do
Can you feel Them?
a stalker? im not sure
Stalker? i dont know anymore
More than sleep paralysis
The In-Between Man
I can help (Part One)
The Bones of Mars
Choose ur own Adventure X
A tale from a trench
The man in the storage room
Adolescent AmnesiaMy parents have been replaced
I lost my baby teeth years ago. WHY ARE THEY IN MY DOG'S MOUTH???
Belial
The tale of a Trench.
I thought lost my baby teeth years ago. WHY ARE THEY IN MY DOG'S MOUTH?
The tale of a trench. PT1
The trooper on Meyer Road.
There is something outside my house.
The ants have been showing me things
I’m A Detective And I Think I Might Be Tracking A Vampire. I’m Not Sure I Want To Find Him.
Notes from isolation experiment #1
The Photo Box
My wife may have killed my mistress, and I think I'm next!
Why I Fear Thunderstorms
23 Houses Away
I’m on Earth, but not MY Earth?
"Skin" Part 1
[Ps4] [h] 7keys streamline striker sb bs chakram [w] fg emerald offers on chakram [h] scorer saffron draco [w] 5keys [h] tw twinzer 3 tw animus [w] keys both for 4keys
The Night I Found My Parents In The Basement
Calls of the Castle (part 5)
I Hope The Creatures Dont Find Me. (Part 2)
Hontoon Island
Fascinations to Feed the ID
My Uncle
A fungus is driving everyone in my town insane
There Aren't Any Apples in September
Why do we fear the unknown
May Flowers
You all need to stop posting. Right now.
After winning $1.3 Million at a Casino, Why does a man cover himself in Gasoline and drop a lit Match?
How Creative am I?
The journal I found in Arizona
my job in the woods part #4
The beast in the trees
If you are reading this I’m sorry
I'm running out of time, but there's something you need to know - before you forget me.
Second Chances
DiMarco Hall, Room B7
Stevensville II
A Woman Veiled In Black
Bourbon Clovers
The Meat Man
I hope the creatures don't find me.
The Meat Man
Sandra the Suburban Slayer
The Broken Girl
The Last Account of Milltown
Remember me when the days are long past
I saw three shadows outside my room, the first one was inside it
Horror stories
There is a monster in my closet
My grandads random appearance after 55 years.
An Unexpected Encounter
My dream..
How a Close Friend Killed My Parents
Is James Ferdini the luckiest man in Atlantic City?
At my friends house.
If you find Amy, please tell her I'm sorry.
Life is not worth living a second time.
I’m sorry that happened. I can help.
I’ve Gotten Texts From my Dead Boyfriend for Five Years. He’s in my House Right Now.
Help?
Fountain of Youth
THIS IS NOT A JOKE - THE LITERAL FAERIE IS REAL
The Pugilist
My Crush turned into the monster that haunts me
Stevensville
HappyTails [Part 1]
Seven Excerpts from the Kadath Expedition
message to the moderators (feel free to delist this I just want some of the moderators to read this)
my final and only letter to my family,this is my final words
hide and seek?
He was always there
My Family Hates Me
It started with simple things. Now i think something is wrong
Everyone has a story of how their child learned about HOT. Here’s mine, and no one ever believed my mother’s version.
NSFW Story of how I learned of HOT
NSFL story of how I learned about HOT as a toddler.
The Viles - 2: Suspicions
Don't mess up, I'm always there to punish you if you do.
The 911 call
I’m a former police officer and there is some weird and unusual experiences that have happened (Part 1)
Fitness Test
A girl once told me something strange
My Mom’s Stalker
A girl once told me something strange
The Tattooed Man
I get very confused sometimes
My first supernatural experience.
My Mom's Stalker
Eight feet tall
Scary Experiences
My 21 yr old gf is always ghosting on fridays and saturday.. she doesnt answer her phone, texts or call back.. im suspecting shes dating other guys, wt do i do??
Working As A Porter At An Old Chevrolet Dealership [2]
I have a habit of going "File" and "Save page as" to keep offline pages.
Love Letters
Grad Party - With A Visitor
I think I saw my future daughter die
Something Is Wrong With the Doll House. Picture Included.
I was a LumberjackSomething Is Wrong With the Doll House (picture included)
Smiles and the Babysitter
Something Is Severely Wrong With The Doll House (picture included)
Every Time a Bell Rings...
Sunrise
Please help me understand what I saw two nights ago
Leave
A failed exorcism.
Working As A Porter At An Old Chevrolet Dealership [2]
The lake house
I'm Home Alone For the 1st Time
The lake house
There's A Dead Kid At My Door
Skin walls, glass floors
There's a cult behind my grandparents house
The Clears
Creepy Stalker follows me through 4 different cool
Desolation
I think i had expiricned time travel.
I am seeing my dead family members
Blonde
What the government is hiding from you part 2
Revenge on Fuckbois
Tables Waited
10 weeks
I was too young to realize what was going on...
The Bugle, a real life experience
The Ice Cream Man
I Am A Time Traveler From 2033
My sister: Film Footage 2/?
Stuck
Don't go to Pinewoods Cemetery
Stuck
True stories for a video
When it’s dark out...
Scary stories for a video? Post them below
What was my name?
Red Icicle.
Murderous forest (update)
The Monsters in The Woods (PART 5) END
The Monsters in The Woods (PART 5) END
The Floater
The Camera Stalker
Documents Found Near the Crash Site of Bus 9 [Part 2]
The Monsters in The Woods (PART 5 END)
There's a Serial Killer In Our Town......
Kinetic Sand
There's Somebody In The Bathroom
The Lady Of The Water
MY BEST FRIEND
Calls of the Castle (part 4)
I found something in a lofi hip hop livestream, and I’m not sure what to do now.
I Found a Deformed Unicorn in the Sewers
The Dark Harvest
Watch out for the Takers
The Dark Harvest (Cole 006)
Boy Scout Stories
I fell asleep for the last time today...
My Neighborhood is surrounded by a massive wall and panic is setting in [Part 2]
My Neighborhood is Surrounded by a Massive Wall and panic is setting in.
It isnt FDA approved, but this new weight loss method works!
I found a circle of hair in my room and its not mine
A Dark God Gave Me Superpowers, and Now I Have a New Sister [PART 2]
theres something that lives in the woods
When I sleep, I see nothing but death.
The yellow mist: part 1
The Pine Ridge Cult
I found these notes in a computer and thought I share it for you.
People in my neighborhood have been going braindead and I think I know why
I just wanted to relive my childhood... Sims 2 Horror Story
I just wanted to relive my childhood... (Sims 2 Horror Story)
Today at 11:00 am MST, turn off all of your screens and look away
carpeted kitchen
Hole
Five
Drake presents Gretzky - Taking Lives [Sound Track] (Official Video)
The silhouette I met. [Part 1]
I just wanted to relive my childhood... (Sims 2 Horror Story)
My encounter on the back road
The silhouette beside my mother. {Part 1}
SOMETHING LOOKED AT ME FROM THE ROOF
The Shadow Man
Niggers
I'm about to go over the list again, because it's so difficult to remember it all.
Mr Molester
The Black Dog Runs at Night
Operation Dagon - BREACH - Part 9
Demon Clown Doll
Tarot cards read here
Childhood terror
We invented the technology to revive the dead, it will be available for purchase soon..
The Closing
Slayer
.
Lucy and the Basement
My sister: Going over film footage 2/?
I Am Not Michael
Weird Shit I've seen as a member of the USSIF - orientation day
My little girls birthday wish
Mr molesterI triggered a Memory that my Amnesia made me forget. (part 1)
The Passengers
More stories from Death
More stories from Death (Pt. 2 of The Death Saga)
I triggered a Memory that my Amnesia made me forget. (part 1)
My daughter has been abducted... And I can't prove it.
There's a girl haunting my dreams...
To whom it may concern: I am about to die because of a forum game.
I am not a killer.
Earth 5
The man in my dreams
My Friends and I Went to a Graveyard, and We're Never Going Back
We dont go to Pittsburg anymore....
Encountered
My Sister and I have a bad habit of Dying
My ganglion cyst tried to kill me
We dont go to Pittsburg anymore...
The Witch Coffin
A Lack of Faith: Kimberly
Where were you when the world opened its eyes?
We'll Find You Delicious
There's something wrong with my reflection
There's something wrong with my reflection
The Beast of the Barren Lakes: An Unexplained News Story that Nobody Wants to Publish...Part 4/6
Paradox
Nocturnal Nightmares
The boy with the back tattoo
I turned up for the wrong job interview
my childhood fear is real
You never know who people really are - Shattered Dreams
The Hide of a Skinwalker [Part 3]
Sorry. I'm so sorry, so so sorry.
The extinction of the human race WILL happen tomorrow but don't worry, be happy.
Always check your back seat
What happens after death?
The Trees Speak
I’m different so they hate me
The Perfect, Little, World.
Working As A Porter At An Old Chevrolet Dealership
A Lack of Faith pt 1: Kimberly
"Disgruntled Employee"
Smiles The Clown-doll
A crazy night drive.
How I became a Targeted Individual a few days ago.
The Late Drive Home
I Really Am Different From Them
I'll never forget my missing daughter's green eyes
A Roommate's Gift of Life - Assignment Draft About Last Night
Roommate performs magic on pet cat - Literary Assignment Draft
My Friends and I Went to a Graveyard. We're Never Going Back.
The Monster in my Closet: A Discourse on the Moral Efficacy of Murder, I guess.
I am a real Werewolf, Ask Me Anything.
One Of Us Is The Werewolf
Someone Watches Me While I Sleep
Kid from a small house in Saratoga Springs NY who got saved by a dog
We Lost Some Time
I'm a Part-Time Exorcist, AMA.
The day the world fell to Darkness
Hey Penny
Someone Watches Me While I Sleep
Any one else in retail experience this?
Hey Penny
Someone Watches Me While I Sleep
Can someone explain this to me?
My past life.
Strange “flashing light” phenomena
My sister is back
I vividly remember Tobey. Please tell me he's real.
Cecil
My missing daughter came back to me...
Accounts from the Middle of Nowhere
Police Interview (Part 1)
Police Interview {Transcript 1}
"Soulmates" Part II
"Soulmates" Part II (SERIES)
Linda
Everyday i'm visited by two birds. One brings good news. The other brings bad.
The Other
My sister: Journal entries PT 1/?
I’m not sure if I slept last night, and I’m really not sure I want to ever sleep again.
Five
My sister is scaring me PT 1/?
My new house has really strange Home Owners’ Association rules.
Cecil pt. 1(Wrote this pretty quickly sorry for the bad formatting/mistakes)
Snow (Part 1)
What happens after death?
I’m still not sure if I slept last night, and I’m really not sure I even want to sleep again.
Bizarre things have been happening to me throughout my life. (Part 3)
I confronted the girl who tried to kill me
Leather Lodge
Room 7
"Series" Leather Lodge
The carrot and the stick
My Cat Accidentally Became a Government Experiment
My name is Melinda Sparkton. I'm a realtor who has seen some weird things in the houses I sell.
this is why you shouldn’t ask a ouija bird how you’re going to die (part 2)
Everyone in my dorm is dying [PART ONE]
She Wants Her Hair Back
Room 7
I was going to class, then they disappearedCalls of the Castle (part 3)
Burn
Room 7
Kids silly things
Someone joined video call with my friends.
I'm Lily Madwhip and I'm Learning About Monsters
6 days ago
Mr. A
I see something in the dark.
One Of Us Is The Werewolf
Do you see Them?
My Father is a Painter with an Otherworldly Source of Inspiration
Baby boy
Baby boy
My Mom isn't my Mom.
Ashes in the Hallways
To the Hunters of the night....
I think I see things humans are not supposed to see
I babysat for the Miller’s, but Mr. Miller got home early.
The Crack In The Display
He has a chain wrapped around his body
Fim
My Earliest Memory is of Freezing to Death
Kitesurfing Lesson in the Caribbean: Our Crew is GETTING MARRIED!!!
Frederick - Part 2
What are some paranormal encounters you or someone close to you had that weren’t scary? More friendly or positive
I work in a gas station on the edge of nowhere. Something strange just happened.
The First First Responders
Kill me if you can
Kill if you can
Entry three
Kitesurfing Lesson in the Caribbean: Our Crew is GETTING MARRIED!!!
My family runs an all you can eat buffet. -UPDATE-
They are here
You Walk On Us
"Do you feel better when you leave the house?" [Part 2]
Information on Ash Springs
That one teacher
Our dog went missing. Then it returned with a doll in its mouth.
Only the road knows it's destination.
Help me now
They are here
The wolves
I'm Patricia Barnes, hitman for ghosts that only I can see. Here's how this part of the story ended.
The Wendigo’s Forest Ep 1
Niggers are hella black and gay
I’m Never Substitute Teaching at Shadow Grove Elementary Again
Little Brother
Please help, there might actually be an ancient god inside of me.
The Fairy Door upon the hill
FINAL UPDATE: All my Former Students are Committing Suicide
Have you ever tried listening to the rain while you sleep?
It.
I'm still awake.
Pigeons
Can someone pleaseee link me to the six part story where number 4 I believe is called “Maps”? I started reading the other day after getting stuck in a reddit black hole and now I can’t find it! Help me!! I need to know how it ends!!
Why is there a hoplite stabbing kids at my school?
Can someone pleaseeee link me to the 6 part story where number 4 I think is called “maps”? I started reading the other day after stumbling upon it when in a reddit black hole and I can’t find it again! I need to know how it ends!!!
Mona Lisa
I've been having the same nightmare for three nights now
There's something wrong with my reflection
My Reflection is scaring me.
my cat death stares me
How i killed Herobrine and survived.
How i killed Herobrine (FOREVER)
How i killed herobrine (FOR GOOD)
Never play minecraft because Herobrine allways know where you are
My dead brother haunts me
I feel like I’m going crazy, but at least I found my face wash.
What's inside of your head, Mr. Bruce?
Something needs to change immediatly
i eat Vaseline because of my iron deficiency
Derek
I keep leaving messages on my dead boyfriend's voicemail, then it called back (Part 8)
Maybe a ghost would be better.
I’m a marine archaeologist and discovered something strange deep in the ocean [Part 3]
I’m a marine archaeologist and discovered something strange deep in the ocean [Part 3 - Final]
What No One Told Me About Losing Weight
Stalker in OKC
The Viles - 1: Liam
The Blinkers
What Was Never Meant To Be
What Never Was Supposed To Be
Do Not Break Your Streak, Please
It's coming for me.
Red water
I accepted a dare that I would regret for the rest of my life..
Was someone in my house
I found someone in the woods today
Watch who you play Dungeons and Dragons with
The Chaos Engine
Why won't it let me post in this subreddit?
It Chokes Me
The monster is coming to my house. . . again.
The real monster
My Entire Neighborhood is Surrounded by a Massive Wall and Nobody Knows What to do [Part 1]
Cannibalism is a Humanism
Whenever I stop moving, they find me
There is a Cave in a Private Beach in Cape Cod
Hey there, I'm Death.I'm in the cemetery after dark. The moon is full but my life is empty.
I came home to a surprise
Lessons
That weird kid.
I feel empty and nothing i've done helps
Have you ever tried listening to the rain while you sleep?
How I killed Mary Sue Beckett
The Girl in the Red Raincoat
The Legend of DJ Hey Zeus [Part 2]
It Struck The Silent Ones. Obey Your Curfew.
I KNOW WHAT YOU’RE FEELING BECAUSE I ALWAYS FEEL THE SAME.
A Woman Veiled In Black
Pounding on the door
They say that there are skeletons in the woods of Lord’s follow.
I came home to a surprise
I came home to a surprise
I cam home to a surprise
I Don't Know
I found something weird on Gmail
911 Calling
All you that seek the true spiritual path and are tired of being deceived LOOK HERE URGENT
The Lunar Being
I have a interesting story to tell you
Documents Found Near the Crash Site of Bus 9
Welcome back!
My Parents Sold Me When I Was 7
Calls of the Castle (part 2)
My Will Be Done
There's No Sun Anymore *Update 2*
This is the story of a girl named Abby Sosa
So, I Think That a Demon is Haunting Me
I found someone in the woods today
I physically cannot be the father, but I'm starting to believe her.
I accepted a dare that I would regret for the rest of my life..
The Hide of a Skinwalker [Part 2]
Whoever lives in Ę̵̮̤͖̹̫͌̅̅̇͗͆̆̈́̏v̴̢̡͎͚̙̠̒̓̍̃̔͒͑̐̓̚͟ē̸̦̗̥̩̙̅̃̀̓̈́͑͂͜͟ŕ͉̦̥̯̉́̿̊͑̀͊͢͡g̶͎̣̣͖̘̹̀͑̋͌͑̂͛̊̚ŗ̭͓̭̪̘̮̔͗̅͊̑̚͢͞e̡͇͙̩̠̼̭̞͚̔̒̿͂́̊̿͋͛̕ê̶̟͔͕̰̲̿̇̂͌̓͌͛͠. Run
Do you need peace?
Frederick - Part 1
Frederick (Part 1)
Something is in the closet
My Parents Neve Let Me Go Into This Forest, Now I Know Why
Sometimes Even Mamas Make Mistakes
Cowboy gay sex
Im not my parents child, but i have their blood in my veins
I cried for a second chance at a shrine in the woods. I regret my tears.
My Family Have Had Their Memories Replaced (PART 2)
My Family Have Had Their Memories Replaced (PART 2)
We call it Shmegal
My Family Have Had Their Memories Replaced (Part 2)
The Old Things Cometh
My therapist tells me she is dead, but he is lying!
BLACK MALE, NW D.C., DEAD
The end of death
Devil's Nest
Dream Walking
I'm texting with my dead Girlfriend [PART 1]
There is a man following me around [Part 1]
Do you wanna play pretend? [Part 1]
I think there's a cult behind my grandparents house.
Playing Checkers..
Alexa or is it Someone From the Dead?
It was buried for a reason
My Voyeuristic Neighbour is Terrified of me (Part two)
I KNOW WHAT YOU’RE FEELING BECAUSE I ALWAYS FEEL THE SAME.
My Alarm Clock
Elizabeth's Diary
Dead echoes in the frequency
2nd Update: All my Former Students are Committing Suicide
Elizabeth's Diary (Trigger warning: child abuse)
Die, die my darling
I Brought My Wife Back From The Dead. I’m Starting To Think That Was A Mistake.
It's better this way, right?
Die Die, My Darling
I Brought My Wife Back From The Grave. I’m Starting To Think That Was A Mistake.
I swear it's better this way
Strange things happen on ammo watch in South Korea
Hey it's Madison (part 2)
i did a bad thing and now i am stuck in this lie
There's a cabin in the woods that hasn't been used since the 1800's. Part 2. I went back.
To Whom it May Concern
I love him so much!
I love Shrek
The Channels From A Different Dimension.
Pee pee
A gateway drug...
I dated a vegan activist
I have been pregnant for 3 years. Part 2
I found someone in the woods today
I'm A Detective And I May Have Found The First Vampire
The monster Hunter vol. 1
Audio File Delivered to Secret Organization Discovered Online (Part 1)
Audio File Delivered to a (Secret?) Organization Uncovered Online (Part 1)
Jason Hacksaw
The monster Hunter Vol.1
The Reflection in my Mirror is Delayed
The Video Cassette
The Hide of a Skinwalker [Part 2]
We never should have gone to Mars.
Locked.
The truth about caillou's parentsOh Klahoma
I Brought My Wife Back From The Grave. I’m Starting To Think That Was A Mistake.
We were always the pawns on the board.
My daughter's disappearance continues to haunt me...
My grandma told me the scariest thing that has ever happened to her
The dreams are more than you think
Children of the Moon
I can’t stop wearing his hoodie. [Part 2]
It Has Been Snowing for 22 Days
A photo of myself sleeping, when it's impossible that anyone took it.
I can’t stop wearing his hoodie. [Part 2]
I Have a Scary Story to Tell
A Photo of me sleeping that was never taken (and couldn't have been)
The Pocketbook Grimoire: The First Spell
mariana’s melody
ali cu cafe
My hair is trying to kill me.
The Woman Who Tried To Save Me
how do i do the dishes?
theirs something in the woods
A Knife is Cheaper than Therapy
My Parents Never Let Me Go Into This Forest, Now I Know Why
The Choking Game
how do i do the dishes?
I saw a news report from the future
I had a dream
Just because it's funny, doesn't mean it's not horrible.
Pillars of madness
I lived through Hell, and came out with debt.
Maybe you should read this, maybe not..
Nebula
Dr. Whiskers' Lab of Fun
Nebula
“Don’t come home” Part 2
It's the nature of the beast
I survived the night, so here’s a story
My Parents Never Let Me Go Into These Woods, Now I Know Why
I’m a World War II historian. This is when I finished the job.
My Parents Never Let Me Play in This Forest, Now I Know Why
One Hundred Times Before, One Hundred Times More.
The thing in my dream is real
I took some of your posts and made a video about it!
Man at Sea
I'm awfully sorry for the insensitive/dumb question, but..
A Strange Hospital...
A Strange Hospital... (100% True story)
I found a potential snuff film on my Amazon Firestick app
I missed Gekyumes circumcision.
Indigo's Terror (Has any of you ever experienced these kinds of terror?)
It's coming
Creepy video appeared on my phone after taking a picture
All My Teeth Are Gone
Indigo's Terror (Has any of you ever experienced these kinds of terror?
have you red this story?
Passenger Not Found
What’s the actual scariest and most disturbing creepypasta?
Calls of the Castle
Your Uber Has Departed (XPost From Scary Stories)
Has anyone else started getting weird looks? If you have, I think I found a reason.
I don't think I'm okay
My first murder victim
Erasure
The extinction of the Human Race SHOULD'VE happened today.
Babes in the Wood
I want my textbooks back
OH GOD
Who’s afraid of the big bad wolf? Part 2
Not mine, but here goes
Call my name
Who’s afraid of the big bad wolf? Part 2
Something I found somewhere
Don't let them in.
My Son is telling me Spirits want his Soul.
I always thought I'm a potato
BigFoot Real Or Imagined?
I turn people to stone
There's No Sun Anymore *Update 2*
God I sometimes hate homemade food
The Legend of DJ Hey Zeus
Sharing a Nightmare. How that fits into no sleep you can be the judge.
I’m an Escaped Government Experiment (Part 6)
Fuck
The Hide of A Skinwalker
Feeling kind of smug :)
UPDATE: All my Former Students are Committing Suicide
I just found the letters my best friend and I used to send each other when he moved away. I wish I hadn't.
Headlights
My computer is alive
0247 and i cant sleep snuggling up in this AZ heat blah blah blah blah my pets just want to eat
Mike Danger and the Hamburger
Tenk å være faren til datteren sin
Moviem, the completely free and safe streaming service!
I live in Area 51 [Part 2]
I live in an R.V. Park, part 5
?
I Found a Stranger In a Bridge: The Letter (Pt. 2)
A Letter Was On The Fridge (I Found A Stranger In A Bridge Pt. 2)
I'm translating old Japanese history books. This one is about a group known as the Sea People.
I can't call myself a victim if I know what I took.
omg strangermeetupThis is a sub for fiction, right?
The Rapture in my head
It never stops.
A Tribute to My Mom
my parents are acting really weird
I can't get my dead sister to leave me alone
Pawpaw's Stories
Babes in the Wood
Ohio move
There's a Room in My House that Locks from the Outside [Part 4]
Melicious Maladies
There's a Room in My House that Locks from the Outside [Part 4 - Final]
Time Out
Pray
My friends keep making this odd ticking noise, and they won’t stop.
I have been pregnant for 3 years. Part 1
In case I don't come back (update 11)
Noticed in Committing
I’m an Escaped Government Experiment (Part 6)
The Monster Under the Bed
Skinwalkers Stories from the Past (Part Two)
What are you staring at?
The Monster Under the Bed
Reddit wouldn't let me post this..
Bunch of Bones
The Corner of the Ceiling.
Dr. Donald's Practice - YouTube Channel **SCARY**
the beehouse
The Corner of the Ceiling.
I Did It.
Amnesia
The Man With an Orange for a Head
What makes me scared of the monster within woods...
There's No Sun Anymore
leading a life of toxic desires
What happened to my best friend?
Help. The Sun Vanished
My childhood (part 1: the earliest incident I remember)
Conversations with the devil
I'm not the same.
I can’t tell anyone what I saw anymore, and it won’t leave me.
Cave of Dreams [Part One]
I'm haunting my friends house. No really.
Just out of sight
If You See Spots When You Close Your Eyes - Ignore Them
I met Death and it was a she.
Something is living in my brothers room.
17
Hingler's Way
My Town Has Dark Secrets Part. 2
Someone who fakes faking is just doing sarcasm
The Show
Seeing faces in everything
[Log Book] The shadows come and get you
My Town Has Dark Secrets Part. 2
The Vacation.
Log Book Part 2 The shadows come to get you
Wen Nightmares Break
One Winner Puzzle.
Log Book Part 2 The shadows come to get you
There’s something wrong with my daughter
When Nightmares Break.
Fractured mind
Old Graveyards, Chanel No. 5 And Me
That shadow
They keep knocking
The Trees Have More Than Eyes
Involuntary Time Travel
Log Book Part 1. It's out there
Beware the Little Girl by the River.
Log Book Series 1 Part 1
Unsettling Childhood Memory.
the monster under my bed
A Dark God Gave me Superpowers [PART 1]
Specter
Was it a dream?
They keep knocking
Love Is About Sacrifice
17
They are always watching
Involuntary time travel
I was almost killed by absolutely nothing.
I found webcam footage of my home online, but something was really wrong with it
I was almost murdered by absolutely nothing.
The most horrifying nightmare I've ever had
What sounds do YOU hear at night?
The Most terrifying nightmare I've ever had.
A good deed done is its own reward
the beehouse
A good deed done, is it's own reward
Anyone Up For a Ghost Story
The yellow figures are alive and they take you
I think my bus driver is going to kill me and every one on the bus
My best friend tried to steal my organs.
I think my neighbor is doing something bad.
I think I'm a schizophrenic
My creepy house (part 1)
Dead swan
Strange man shows up to my door
I'm the missing girl you might have read about.Proxy 11 (Entry 3)
A Barren Field
NW D.C., BLACK MALE, DEATH, #1
I think my mum is pulling out her own teeth, and i think my dad is enabling it.
A Man was Stalking me, but For my own Good
My boss is pregnant, but I've already seen her baby
I think my bus driver is trying to kill me
Why would she say this if it wasn’t true?
Just Your Average Serial Killer Story... With a Twist
17
People say i shoudnt open doors. Help me
Sunshine
People are telling me not to open any doors. Im scared.
The lumberjack
Hey it's Madison.
Just Your Average Serial Killer Story... With a Twist
Proxy 11 (Entry 3)
Your Typical Serial Killer Story.. With a Twist.
My eternal task will begin once more. (Part One)
Feeling uneasy
(OC) My unfished story
Truth Uncovered: Doomsday Predictions- https://incmedia.org/truth-uncovered-0003/
I heard whispering all throughout the house
Dead Mommy Skin
Midnight Swim
I Love Cherry Tomatoes!
Leaves follow up
I lost my friend inside a mansion. Then I found him with his eyes missing.
Happiness in a Pill Bottle
I woke up at 3:33 (Real story)
Need advice on this argument with my wife
I really need advice on our relationship
The Beast of the Barren Lakes: An Unexplained News Story that Nobody Wants to Publish...Part 3/6
Leaves follow up
If you hear music from behind the curtains, don't look!
I hook up some girl.
All of my Former Students are Committing Suicide
I left my son by the roadside and nobody cared
I don't think I can tell people about this.
My Town Has Dark Secrets Part. 2
The Tall-Skinny Ghost
Can I (32M) fix things with my wife (31F) or have I blown it?
The Child who Cried. A Super Mario World Game.
This message was sent to me by a scared user:
Out The Corner Of My Eye
Siblings
The extinction of the human race happened yesterday.
I saw something...
I'm an urban legend in my city.
They came from the dark
I went camping with my friends, and a stranger joined our group unnoticed.
O Creation
I miss Kayla
Don't ask dead people where they are
Don't ask dead people where they are
Case#973: Crossroads
Looking for a story. Please help, it’s bugging me.
I think my microwave is haunted.
There's Something in the Network
What They Aren't Telling You About The New Sonic the Hedgehog Movie
I no everyome is following me and i have a ex enemy
The proclaimed hero of the colonial
There's a Room in My House that Locks from the Outside [Part 3]
I killed myself and woke up in a strange place.
The Sound We Heard on the Local Trail
Proxy 11 (Final entry)
North West D.C., Black Male, Dead PT.1
What do I do
My Town Has Dark Secrets Part. 2
Best Friends
The Missing
I survived the night, so here's a story of when I saw a man in my living room.
My ex-girlfriend invited me to her family’s church once... it wasn’t a church [part 2]
i didnt know where else to post this so might as well try here
The other time I saw the man with the top hat.
Retrograde Amnesia
Don’t know where else to post this so might as well try here
Mr squiggles
My ex-girlfriend invited me to her family’s church once... it wasn’t a church (Pt. 2/Ending)
The mind of darkness
What I think
The night I did way too much acid, was separated from my friends, put in a hospital, and spent 2 nights sleeping on the streets.
I died and now I'm in stuck in this boy's head!
Don’t let the Nakamura in.
I think im psychic
HELP!!!
I live in this boy's mind and his crush is just like the person I used to love!
The Prison I Work at Should Be an Asylum
The Prison I Work at Should Be an Asylum
There's Something in the Network
Im sending this from the future. Please do not go when they ask you to.
FBI Corruption (Audio &amp; Video Evidence included)
I Think Reddit’s Helping Me Solve A Murder
Tonight is the night
Tonight's the night!
A Peculiar Understanding of the Undead
The Thing I Saw in the Window
the reason why I stopped walking home from school
Every Night at 3
In case I don't come back (update 10)does he look very abnormal?
I found something (first post be nice plz)
The Dolls
I took a picture of nightmare
My name is Jack and i hunt Cryptids: The night she left.
I am okay.
My husband is forcing me into human trafficking
The night shift
I was saved by sex workers (Part 2)
A little village
Planet VR game vulnerability - CVE-2019-0001 (1)
Grandma's 911 Calls: Lobotomy
The puppy in the basement.
Today there were two sunrises, and I think they were the last sunrises I’ll ever see. [Part 2]
March Contest Voting Thread
A reoccurring nightmare or dream....
Every Night at 3:00am
If You See One, Stay Away. Don't End up like Me.
Happy Couple Farm
I Found a Stranger In A Bridge (Pt. 2)
alone
If you see one, stay away. Or you'll end up like me.
It’s not true
Advice on meeting your heroes?
Small update on that COMPUTER.
alone
Forever together
The final night shift of my life
Never look away from a mirror, you don’t know what stares back, you can feel it when it’s there.
There’s a hole in my childhood, and I don’t know why... p2
Surprise Daddy
The nightmare on Christmas morning.
Me and my fathers traditions
I work in a haunted firehouse, here are my stories
I have 6 months
Today there were two sunrises, and I think they were the last sunrises I’ll ever see. [Part 2]
17
I hate Mother's Day. The cleanup is horrendous
Why I'm no longer an organ donor.
The time I saw Stephen King at a Little League game
An unwelcome guest
Video game nightmares
I Found a Stranger In a Bridge (Pt. 2)
Do you hear them - the footsteps?
There’s a hole in my childhood and I don’t know why... p2
There's a strange game on Xbox Live. It turned me into a leprechaun.
Leaves
The Monster in my Friend's Basement
Deathbed Confession - I think my dad killed his sister when they were kids...
Deathbed Confession - I think my dad killed his sister when they were kids...
i keep hearing knocks in my walls at 3am
The mind of drakness
Mysteries in Ash Springs
I am an agoraphobe. I finally have my own home.
Theres something that ive in the woods
i hear 3 knocks every night at 3 am and it wont stop
I've been going to therapy for an incident that happened it my childhood, but I can't remember what the incident was?
Highland (part 1) The Doe family murders
I smell blood
Pond castle
.
I don’t care what they say. I’m not guilty. I did not kill those innocent girls.
The tall man won’t leave my room
I found a USB laying on my desk...
First attempt at a story! Pls don't judge me too hard
Someone lived in an abandoned house I lived next to.
I opened an old library book. A cry for help fell out.
I’m a sheriff at a police department in a small town in Oregon. One of my officers gave me some sheets of paper one day. She found it in the cell of one of our new prisoners. He had been weighting on a few loose sheets of paper, and he became extremely nervous when she confiscated them.
Deathbed Confession - I think my dad killed his sister when they were kids...
Shirley’s Rejuvenating Lotion
Leaves
Leaves
There’s a hole in my childhood, and I don’t know why... p3
The night I met my first vampire
Day dreaming
My Town Has Dark Secrets
I found a jar of teeth at our North Korean AirBnB
No escape
Im stuck in my car and it won’t stop
The man in the mirror.
Nightcrawlers
Just a question:is stuff on here real or not?
My therapist is a manipulator.
The tragic mistakes of Alexander the forest ranger
I keep leaving messages on my dead boyfriend's voicemail, then it called back (Part 7)
HMMMMM...
a stranger in a park
Scared, Afraid, and Terrified.
Chalk
the manchester canal pusher
Deer/Man/Thing
I started a cult once, now 10 years later they all want to kill my son
I Found a Stranger In a Bridge
Am I being stalked?
Misfires
I saw my friend on some tv horror movie last night.He's been dead for 2 years
To the man with the time machine, I’m ready
Am I being stalked?
Paranoid Thoughts
I think I'm being stalked?The Seeper of Madness - My Diary
I Fear For My Life
What to do if you get a Takka.
The (over)population lie;copied from 4chan /x/
The (over)population lie
Message to person with the time machine
I think I just saw myself killing my girlfriend.
I'm a pregnant virgin and I don't think this thing inside of me is human
Do never try to lucid dream using sleep paralysis
"Ghosts" are real, AMA
I found a body that was sent from heaven.
There's a Room in My House that Locks from the Outside [Part 2]
The recordings from within the woodlands, part one.
Today there were two sunrises, and I think they were the last sunrises I’ll ever see.
The Anchor
I am a lifeguard at an indoor waterpark, and something terrible happened last night.
This is your fault.
Alien in the Closet
Games Are Fun
Family Secrets
The Horror From Hillington
Something weird happened at this party...
I’m a sheriff at a police department in a small town in Oregon. One of my officers gave this to me one day. She said she found it the cell of one of our new prisoners. She said that he had written down on a few loose sheets of paper, and he became extremely nervous when she took it away.
J
The Stalker in Your Cupboard
Seen something at my door
Just Died, Any Advice?
That walker thing part: 1
I'm sorry I have to type this fast
I Can See Alternate Realities. I think I'm going to die
Seen something at my door
Dark Reflections Part 2
Fears
They were watching from the tree tops pt2
everyone has fallen asleep and i'm beginning to get tired...
Old Graveyards, Chanel #5 And Me. Part 1
Dream or Reality?
My friend shocked me that specific day
Fears
Our bi-annual Bio-Terror Safety Proficiency came last Monday..
Orders
My kid loves Spider-Man.
There is someone up there
I see a woman staring at me through a window everyday.
my dad is a serial killer, and so am i
There is something watching (part one)
Caged Animal
Mysterious uncle gave me a necklace and I can't get rid of it.
My dad's perfect recipe.
Ordinary.
I have been seeing silhouettes outside my window part 1
I’ve been vomiting missing people
My Girlfriend and I Went on a Trip, Something Came Back with Us
Owlman File #43 Twisted Bodies
Last night I had a bad trip
The Man in the Brown Coat
The Loneliness of the long distance runner.
Dear Adam, I forgive you
The Great Escape
Dear Adam, I don’t forgive you.
There’s a hole in my childhood, and I don’t know why...
I didn't believe in ghosts or spirits... until now.
Demons keep trying to scare me but I can't feel fear(part 1)
These dreams....
My Dog Elias Sniffs Out Murder
The Farm
The thing in my mirror won't stop staring.
Every man in my family drowns on his 33rd birthday. Tomorrow I turn 33...
This is why I don't go camping anymore
Thought this might fit here
A man broke in my house or is it a man?
My ex-girlfriend invited me to her family’s church once... it wasn’t a church
Lake Vacío Debajo
There was girl in my town who claimed she could heal dead animals. We had to chase her family out of town.
The Twitching.
My mother poisoned my grandfather;
My sister and my pillow: (1-Paragraphed Story)
Do you believe in Jinx? Pulled over twice tonight in 15 minutes!!
I have an evil twin [Pt.2]
My brother went missing and i am going to get him back
New cat wanted
In Love With Evil...
Laplace's Demon
His post...
There’s a girl in my house, and she’s not friendly...
Bring your gun to the barn.
huge giveaway!! https://dlive.tv/busemann
His post...
Bring your gun to the barn next time.
Something's wrong with my foot but everyone else insists my foot is fine?
I have been banned from calling 911. I don't know what to do.
I think my school is haunted.
Our House in the Woods
I need a life partner here for marriage
I Have No Clue Where I Am or How I Got Here
Creepy head in my window
My cousin haunted my sis
Someone is working
Abandoned construction near my school.
The monster behind meI saw my Sister where she wasn’t
Abandoned construction near my school.
95.5 Laketown radio
Dark Reflections Part 2
Speed Demon
m
late night poem
I Saw Something Stalking Me from My Bed
I dreamed last night.
Scenes from the Worst Family Reunion Ever, part 3
Something Here With Me.(Short Story)
I’m going to die
.
I think I was buried alive today. If this finally posts, please send help.
The Unknown Woman in The White Saree
I went jogging before a trip with my friends. Now I'm all confused.
(True story) My sleep paralysis experince
Skydiving at night 'Part 1.1'
Mind control is real. Be on the lookout.
Wake up 759021032#
It started with leg cramps
To kill a God....
I think my therapy patient has made ME need therapy
Fast Food
I watch her through the mirror
I am a lifeguard at an indoor waterpark, and something terrible happened last night.
Nathan’s Games Aren’t Fun Anymore
My Boyfriend Cooked Dinner For Once!
Animal Crematorium
Torn Asunder Club Adventures started last month
A Creepypasta but it's just a normal day
Peter Pan
My Husband Ordered A New Daughter
WTF IS WRONG WITH MY SCHOOL??
“How would it feel to lose something you loved?” -reposted-
I was adopted 20 years ago and never saw my foster dad’s face
A Gift From Hell
My Name Is Daniel and I Have a Story for You
I've Been Alone in a Fallout Shelter for months. Until Now.
The Chef
My Protector
I’m a World War II historian. This is what happened when I turned on the lights.
They were watching from the tree tops
The Figure
I am a World War II historian. This is what happened when I turned on the lights.
The red bulbs aren't hollow.
I Obey
Live Entity Summoning
I was nearly killed by someone inspired by the joker
Cats always get their revenge
“How would it feel to loose something you loved?”
Missing
My sister's imaginary friend came to visit
Lydia's Bridge
There's a Room in My House that Locks from the Outside
The Cave
ask me a question
"Do you feel better when you leave the house?" [Part 1]
I live in Area 51
I've had the same dream for three days
I will not sleep for the day
I'm going to commit suicide for my crimes.
Darkness Beckons Unto It - Once, Now Not So.
I think I've been receiving postcards from Hell
So i did these spells...
I'm a nurse. There's something terribly wrong with my patient's X-ray.
EM Stalks me after i buy the last Ice Cream.
There is something in the woods of Wexford County, Michigan and I know it's not a dog.
Am I the only one who sees the duplicates in my office?
Avoid the Costumed Characters in Times Square
Relationship Problems... part 2
Is my house haunted?
Friends of a Lifetime
Do you ever wake up feeling like something just isn’t right?
It wasn't sleep paralysis
[CHAPTER 1] The computer woke at night..
Mysterons
The Man in the Wall
Has anyone else come across the ASMR channel ‘QuietChild1742’?
It wasn't sleep paralysis.
Uprising
The Confession of Claire Hanson
The Devil’s Bowl
The Devil’s Bowl
I just had a encounter I will never Forget
By the Seashore
A story of deathbeds
By the Seashore (a horror poem)
My Name Is Daniel and I Have a Story to Tell
I had an evil twin
Car kill
Old Graveyards, Chanel #5 And Me.
My Vagina has a Mystical Third Eye and it tells me when someone is about to Die
Do You Ever Feel Threatened By Your Dreams?
By the Seashore
We Killed Bobby Tanner
My little sister went missing three days ago. This morning I found her diary.
The Culling of Demonic Beings....
Into the Forest
Everybody is LyingMy Unusual Tornado Survival Story
Everybody is Lying
He Asked Me to Have Some Faith
The Wendigo Loves You
No escape
The Culling of Demonic Beings...
It talks to me
Clouds
It talks to me
We went on a vacation
It talks to me
My little black angel friend
They talk to me.
The Beast of the Barren Lakes: An Unexplained News Story that Nobody Wants to Publish...Part 2/6
Weekend meal
I am Insane
I am Insane.
Tales from Finland: assault on mom.
There is a creature that looks like me running around the school. Help.
Relationship problems... Molly?
My friend saw an evil clone of me in school.
Yelena
The Crimson Tide
Mother...?
I think I was sent photos from the future
Rosetta Stoned
Discontinued some meds
Farmer Brown
I caught a snapping turtle, you wouldn't believe what it had in its mouth.
Eaten by a Dream
Madagascan Horror
Worst Night of my Life
The Call of the Sea
My girlfriend was swallowed by the ocean, and I am getting her the fuck back
Uprising
Madagascan Horror
Looking for scary story!
I don't sleep naked
something strange is happening.
I can't Sleep
their is a spider in my room
Werewolf or not? Need advice.
The little boy and the old man pt:1
What's in the roots. Part 1
I was assigned to a medical legend and it ended more than my career.
Some Advice for Better Sleep
Weird phone call.
Guys, do you know who this is?
Some help for sleeping
Guys, do you know who this is?
The House With The Cuckoo Clocks
My wife just walked in the front door, but she was already upstairs
test to delete in one min
I'm Daniel and I Have a Story to Tell You
I used to be a 911 operator
Ordinary.
I thought my wife was taking a shower, but my wife just got home from work.
The Long Man
Murderous Forest?
We love what we love.
Nobody will tell me where my scars came from.
Private Detective For Hire
Campfire stories with Robert
Campfire stories with Robert! (Cross mix)
Hellstorm
Rekindling
I Never Knew It Would Be in My House
a true escape.
I think a demon is following me and my dad
true escape.
I Was Raised By A Monster
The "Contact" ritual.
I'm a World War II historian. This is the story about when I found a Nazi Laboratory in the middle of the Black Forest.
I think a demon has been following me and my dad
The little girl in my house
The "Contact" ritual.
Relationship problems 2
Every one knows Death is unavoidable bout can you accurately predict your death? this website says you can try it and find out.
I murder people for the grim reaper
There's something underneath my bed...
Do you want to try a real ritual?
I was saved by sex workers (Part One)
I can’t stop wearing his hoodie.
When the hunter, becomes the hunted.
Every month a parade would pass through my hometown, but we were never allowed to look at it
My life is disappearing, please help (part 2)
A regretful life
Mavis Beacon Teaches Witchcraft
Unexpected forces saved me from certain death while I was backcountry hiking.
The Music is playing, but I feel empty
The Man in the Lake
I wish I'd skipped the funeral.
Cole Report 005: Aliuktuk Part 2
Night Terrors
Dying, Over and Over Again
My house is haunted but I don’t care
Stood
Schrodinger's Spider
Conversations With a Mouth
Harassment At Bus StopStars
I'm a Hitman. I'm Also An Alcoholic.
The Worst Thing that Ever Happened to Me.
I was tending bar one night...
So we need to talk.
Might of sold my soul to the devil? 🙃🙃
My son is missing and I know where he is...but I need your help to get him back
the beehouse
Why can’t I move?
I Visited The Allied War Graves That Do Not Officially Exist
I ran the biggest underground torture and murder operation on the internet – here is my story
A witch and her 9-foot naked stalker is not the worst I've seen
Looking for an old NoSleep post from a couple years ago, help me out!
Sorry if this doesn’t belong here, but I’m looking for an old nosleep post and I was hoping to get some help
I don’t know what’s happening to me
EM Stalks me after i buy the last Ice Cream.
Have You Heard the News?
My Father Avoided Death By A Few Minutes
I think i might be a time traveler
There's something wrong with the elevator in my building
The People of Ash Springs
I don't think I'm okay.
Do You Ever Feel "Threatened" By Your Dreams?
A ghost(ish) story, make of it what you will.
The voice of the Storm
I'm stuck in a house with three monsters, and they don't want me to leave.
I'm trapped in a house with three monsters, and they won't let me leave.
The Black Widow and Her Barflies
The thing (this is a short post)
You don’t walk home at night through the woods at the edge of Victoria Grove Park
Relationship problems
Four horsemen
I thought it was just a dream
The Moon Phantoms
The Fifth Bedroom- Kennedy's perspective
I was so disturbed I had to move out
Black outs
I was so disturbed I had to move out
The Patron Saint of Cancer Asked Me to Have Some Faith (Part 2)
What is the best No Sleep story you have read?
I get it, don't touch people without their consent... but are the millipedes really necessary?
There Is Nothing
Cerber: A Mundane Chronicle [PART 4]
So recently, I see dreams as reality, and I have been dreaming my life
This is a true story, happened when I was 12. Not sure if it’s scary enough, but I was scared out of my mind, and have a feeling I almost died. So, here ya go!
So recently, I see dreams as reality, and I have been dreaming my life
Demonic Experience at Camp
"Murder"
My Name Is Madness and My Game Is Blood
A horrific school camp, to say the least.
A New Home
The Simulation
Relationship problems
Small Town Secrets ( part 2 )
My exGF used to drug me
How do I stop nighttime hallucinations? (part 2)
[NSFW?] Bunch of Bones
I haven't slept in seven years.
We put papers into a folder, to keep them from getting folded...
I'm an exorcist, and I think I'm dealing with something much more evil than a demon [Part 1]
I think I made a witch mad! HELP!!
Dark Reflections Part 2
What really happened in this house 3
Are you sick?
The Hypnotist
When the world falls silent Part 2
A Cry for Help
There's a A Mad Woman Out To Get Me, I Don't Know What To Do.
A different hand. A different day.
Progress report: Has anyone here tried intermittent fasting? – M 344-90
Grandma's Vase
Any advice appreciated on how to get rid of a stalker (part 2).
A personal note on Case #229: Our Finale. (Final)
Has anyone else here tried intermittent fasting? [M 344 - 90]
Emergency Broadcast
Any advice appreciated on how to get rid of a stalker (part 2).
My sons Fortnite account is starting to freak me out
This is a message for Jaime Nunez of Sacramento, California.
Pioneer Village Station has a third platform
I Matched With Myself On Tindr
THE MAN IN THE WINDOW PT 1
This is my job, if you could call it that
The Shadow People
It’s A Boy
I made a program that decides who lives and who dies
My first exorcism was in a Chuck E Cheese [Part 1]
The Woman in the Window
The most trauma I have ever experienced.
What is that thing?
I was stuck in school detention for three years. I only went into The Janitor’s closet one time. (Finale)
Gloves on a Twinkie
I need you to kill me.
(pt.1) The tall creeper
My life is disappearing, please help
I work as a security guard at my old middle school part 1
Not scary, but very weird
I need help
The Tapping In My Walls
2 sentence horror.
HeadlightsMurderes Forest?
The scratching in the basement
Please help, I don't understand what's going on
Skinwalker Stories from the Past
The man in the dark
The Curse Of The Forced Feeding of Hyenas
Grandma's 911 Calls: The Break-In
There's Something in the HVAC
My Wife Thinks She’s a Mermaid..
The Pond
I think I'm Dead, but I'm still here.
I wish I hadn't watched the video
My sister's hamster disappeared
He did it!
We lost some time
I remember the time that I met the director of nightmares
My dad isn’t the same. (5/1/18)
Bus Stop
Always Here
I love Fridays
What i do for work (I)
Kids in the woods
I woke up in my bedroom from my childhood house. It was bulldozed six years ago. (Part two)
The Long Drop
I’m a bus driver for the zombie apocalypse, this my story
I Have Started Hunting Humans and Monsters Again. [Part One]
I work in a Fertility Clinic. Part 5. Final update
The people who watch me sleep are coming after you now
4 Nameless Faces
Everything is fine.
Red Door Black
I need your help, I opened the second basement
My name is Adam--I'm a pianist for a Luciferian Church and I performed at a Black Mass
I need your help, I have opened the second basement
Something bizarre happened to me when I was 13.
I need your help, I opened the second basement
A Terrifying Flight - horror story
My name is Adam--I'm the pianist for a Luciferian Church and last night I saw something I wish I hadn't
Why I Never Take the Backroads Home
My Childhood Friend
Evol Love
I found a book written by someone who accidentally jumped to a different dimension and saw things no man ever should (Part 10)
Henry
My band mate saw a ghost on tour.
Raggedy Man: Part 1
I don't have schizophrenia, but what else could it be?
Something bizarre happened to me when I was 13 years old, and my life has been weird ever since.
The Abysmal Watchers Part - 1
Childhood Friend
I work in a Fertility clinic part 5. Final update
"The man in my closet"
My best friend went missing 35-or-so years ago
this is my true scary story.
I should have put her in a home
Schoolhouse Horror
Zombies Outside My Window
I think dreamt an alternate universe
The Wendigo Turned Me Invisible
4 Nameless Faces
The Glass Eye
4 Nameless Faces
Kid in the woods
UK Haunted wartime Barracks
I found a journal entry written by my deceased schizophrenic patient (PART 2)
Trapped in the dark
The vision of the church - part 3
The Patron Saint of Cancer asked me to have some faith (Part 1)
A Tree For Every Body
Chapter I
Summer Rewind
I found concerning things in my uncle's attic.. [FINALE]
I found a journal entry written by my deceased schizophrenic patient (PART 2)
I was already having a bad day
My room is haunted?
My dad sits at the table and my mom won't look at me
The Beast of the Barren Lakes: An Unexplained News Story that Nobody Wants to Publish...Part 1/6
The Beast of the Barren Lakes: An Unexplained News Story that Nobody Wants to Publish [Part 1/6]
Polybius
I work at A Diner in the Middle of Nowhere
Whenever I put water in my kettle and turn it on and it starts squealing like a demon oh god
Jx
I’ve been kidnapped
Stories no one Wants to Read - [1/1,000]
Doppelgänger
A stranger is just a friend you haven’t met yet
The Night I Dreamt Of A Black Kite
I work at a diner in the middle of nowhere
The Night I Dreamt Of A Black Kite
When the world falls silent Part 2
Something happened to my best friend last night and I think I'm forgetting him.
I miss my husband (part 1)
The Dark Insomnium
The Dog Men Of Cannon Mountain
I'm an ex-SWAT officer, and I've discovered the horrific truth of our existence: Finale
I'm an ex-SWAT officer, and I've discovered the horrific truth of our existence (Final Part)
The Change in my Grandfather
The shadow in my room
Weird Shit I've seen working for a ParaMilitary Company - I hate darkness, but duct tape helps.
I love visits with my parents.
I saved them, but who’s going to save me?Therapists Don't Like To Be Rejected
A drug attic tried breaking into my friend’s house
today i got a text message
This haunts me, our raid went terribly wrong
I know what happened to her body.
Report 005: Aliuktuk Part 1
No
In case I don't come back (update 9)
I'm Myra Kindle but this is not a report. This is about the man in my dreams (Pt 3)
My problem
I Hate Gender Reveal Parties
The Scariest Monster Is Fate
I bought a private island and things turned to hell (part 1)
Any advice appreciated on how to get rid of a stalker.
Alice Woke Up In A Panic
Have you ever wondered if things exist because we think them into being...
Alice Woke Up in a Panic
Incentives
I Burned My Friends ~ ?
My problem
Ghost
A personal note on Case #229: My Return (Pt 3)
Welcome to Ash Springs
A personal note on Case #229: My Return
I’ve been followed by something ever since I saw it when I was 4
recreating my dreams is the most fulfilling thing i’ve ever done (part 1)
I’d like to tell you something
Hi, My Name is Marisol, and I’m a Therapist For The Dead. [Part 2]
Im in a battle royale against myself for the fate of my world.
I've met death.
Something in Our House Wants Us Out
When The Bugs Rose In Hillington
The bathtub in the boat.
Why I can no longer sleep on a bed.
Somniphobia
The Shadow in My Room
The Dream Whisperer
I'm Dying
Hiding from the hounds
Did I summon a demon?
Please help, I think I'm about to die but I can't get a hold of anyone
Somniphobia
The deafening sound that made me what I am and probably always will be now
I'm done, no fun
If Mommy Asks If You’re Fine You Say Yes, Even If You’re Not
My Brother died three weeks ago. Today I found a strange note in his bedroom. [Part 8] [Final]
A Killer is in my Front Yard
Received another email this time with a longer journal entry attached.
Creepy Radio Broadcast
Creepy Radio Broadcast
Something Came Home with Us from Our Camping Trip
Something weird is happening in Phoenix, Arizona...Have you noticed the flickering lights?
Innocent Minds (I)
I found a box of my clothes at the end of my driveway
Always Here
The Ding-Ding Man
Sorry, it's not personal
They Saw Me as a Monster
Something Odd Has Been Happening In My House.
Something Odd Is Happening In My House
Innocent Minds
A Boy Scout's Secret
I didn't want it.
Kumori no Ann: The story of a Shadow
The Jenna Special
I work for Amazon, and something weird is going on.
This witch is fucking up my life and I don’t know what to do
Suffering Jars
I work in a haunted firehouse, today we found a crashed plane
Can you help me?
True; I just got a call from myself.
The Google Home Called My Girlfriend A Bitch
Remembering
It is darker in the corners at night for a reason.
Any advice appreciated on how to get rid of a stalker.
Titles Are Hard
Deer Hunting Season
Cupid's Mouth
Can I borrow your comb?
Do You Remember When the Sun Died?
#MeToo, My Blue Balls and Absolute Evil: A Cautionary Tale.
What Happens When A Clown Dies At Your Birthday Party? You Don't Want To Know.
Bottle Caps
Behind Your Eyes
The Creature and I
The boogey man/ boogie man idk
Thinking of moving countries to start a fresh life, don't know where to start.
The Diary
Sleeptalker
I'm a theoretical physicist and we found out that everything happens. Everything.
Magic
YouTube Fish Video
MY hentai STORY
Behind Your Eyes
Why I don't like the dark
I found a journal entry written by my recently deceased Schizophrenic patient
The Park - part 2
Why did he do it?
Things haven't been the same since my mother-in-law moved in.
I found concerning things in my uncle's attic.. [PART THREE]I don't know what I did wrong. Please help me.
On a recent business trip to L.A I acquired a strange addiction
The Stairs
2253, 10-41 (PART 4)
The Stairs
what do you do with the suited men with bird skulled faces?
Dark Reflections
I heard random woman laughing at night
When the world falls silent
Sorry, it’s not personal
Conversation
A short horror story I wrote a while ago
The migraines are getting worse
Neon
Sometimes being blind is the same as purposeful ignorance.LISTEN TO YOUR CHILDREN. even the stuff that sounds imaginary.
1. the past is a dangerous thing. dwell on it for too long, and it might just come to haunt you in the future.
I was a Lumberjack
The First Time I Killed a Witch
I keep leaving messages on my dead boyfriend's voicemail, then it called back (Part 6)
12 a.m. pt. 2
the files
Smoking is not always the answer
Personal Accounts as a Police Officer and Medic. 1
I'm an ex-SWAT officer, and I've discovered the horrific truth of our existence (Part 2)
I'm an ex-SWAT office, and I've discovered the horrific truth of our existence (part 2)
Lumberjack
1 deadly spirit, 4 happy souls
They were just stories..
The Last Testament
Please...Think Twice Before Your Next Hiking Trip
Please Think Twice Before Your Hiking Trip
Skype Call
I found a basement my parents hid from me.
An Open Window, An Empty Room
These are just stories..
It's My 10th Birthday Today!
The little girl in the canal
First They'll Take Your Kids
My cats been acting strange lately and I don't know whats going on
An open letter to other lost souls
I don’t like being alone!
Why did you turn on the lights?
A cry for help
We Went To A Mexican Restaurant Last Night And Now I'm Scared
A Cry for help
The Harbor Man
I will never look at my cat the same way
What is wrong with the passengers of train 1109? [Part 2]
I saw something in the back of my throat.
What is wrong with the passengers of train 1109? [Part 2]
Cupid's Mouth
Cupid's Mouth
I Woke Up To Birds, Today?
I Hate the News
A personal note on case #229 (pt 2)
I think I'm being targeted by my Orgo professor.
The Stairs
arya jump flying and killing the night king in a videogame-esque scene this ending the others before they can leave the north and have any influence whatsoever on the story leaving cersei and comedy pirate euron as villains in a fight for the throne doing wrong with the central message of the story
My School Isn't What it Seems
WE ARE NOT THE GOD YOU SEEK
I was sent this note/journal entry from a seemingly unregistered email address and was told to share it online to spread the notes.
I was kidnapped
In Search of the Rocky Mountain Giants
Got a strange email from a seemingly unregistered address and was told to spread the notes online.
My Confession.
A Change of Routine
I Solve Why Ghosts Don't Move On. I Have Trouble Leaving The House.
Nanna stands at the foot of my bed each night.
The phobia
USB
Gretchen's Smile Parts 1 and 2
It's Getting Closer
I Have been told by a psychic that I will die today, And I am not sure if I believe them or not.
I know what really happened at Channel 42, and I know how to stop it (FINALE)
Practice makes Perfect.
Demon's
The creature in the wood
A Horrific Experience Helped Me Forgive.
I Refused To See The Movie Endgame. My Friend Said He'd Kill Me If I Didn't.
The Doll
I’m Myra Kindle but this is Not a Report. This is about the Man in my Dreams and my return to Buffalo, NY.
A Coyote In The Trees
A creature in the woods
My friend is always scared of the woods and I didn't know why until know
Polish MK Ultra
"I should've never taken in that doll"
Tales of a Ranger (part 17)
The Bottomless Nightmare
I was going to keep a journal of my spring cleaning this year.
If it weren’t for my father, my holocaustic town would have been a dream to live in.
2 weeks ago on was a little bit off... Things are just getting worse
Infinity
I was an Airline Pilot for thirty years, and I have some stories to tell. [Part 8] FINAL
01
I was an Airline Pilot for thirty years, and I have some stories to tell. [Part 8 - Finale]
We Went Camping and Something Came Home with Us
A Monster Lives Inside Me Pt. 1
The day that flipped my world around
The World has been taken over [ Part 1 / 3 ]
I work at the Darabont County Archives - Part ThreeI’ve seen the same little girl asking me for help in the store since I was seventeen. I’m thirty-two now.
I Refused To See The Movie Endgame. My Friend Said He'd Kill Me If I Didn't.
Hi, My Name Is Marisol, and I’m a Therapist For The Dead. [Part 1]
I tried to kill myself, But now the letters wont stop.
I’ve seen the same little girl at the store, asking me for help since I was seventeen. I’m thirty-two now.
What is tugging me in when my boyfriend isn’t looking?
They call it lucid dreaming
What I found at the garage sale
My birthday scares me
My DEAD brother just paid me a visit
My name is Emily. I have been trapped here for god knows how long. Please help me.
The Two Princes Island
A week in hell
Somethings Wrong With My Parents
The masked campo gossiper,Campo haunts and creeps
An Anti-Vaxxer Vaccinated Me On The Subway. Now I'm Getting Thinner.
My University is Haunted
I gotta get out of Boston
The Walking Fed
Hey Mods,
I Keep Telling Myself It's Only a Story...
If you're playing hide and seek, don't hide in the attic. (part 1)
Message in a bottle
In the Dark Places
A strange thing happened to me a few weeks ago during my grocery shopping and I cannot get over it
The Liceberg
The Park - part 2
SuperMarket Memoirs 15: No Deal
I'm Patricia Barnes, hitman for ghosts that only I can see. This is how I started wrapping things up.
Me.
I've finally been accepted in my family
The Park
Periodic paralysis
Maybe I shouldn't have bought this
NoSleep Interview with PoloniumPoisoning!
I'm so sick of OK Cupid
The little girl in the canal
The locals call it Kyat'ra or "The death in the forest". They say it returns every year and it is thirsty. Always thirsty. For blood and death. And that is why they stay away from the forest.
The locals call it Kyat'ra or "". They say it returns every year and it is thirsty. Always thirsty. For blood and death. And that is why they stay away from the forest.
My brother's anger is getting out of control.
My brother's anger is getting out of control.
I played Charlie Charlie and it accually worked
Secure. Contain. Protect
Yesterday, I died. Today, I will die. Every day to come, I will die.
Walking plastic
12 a.m.
Not Having A Soul Is Causing Me To Have Panic Attacks
We Went Camping and Brought Something Back with Us
SOMETHING ODD IS HAPPENING TO MY KID.
Screeching
A Pill That Brings Shadows To Life
I'm Leaving This Here in Case of Another Event
I was looking for a dog on Craigslist
I kept walking
An Open Window, An Empty Room
When Babysitting Gets Strange
My first experience with the paranormal.
This Episode
Hello? Anyone there? Can you hear me?
Precognition
I'm an ex-SWAT officer, and I've discovered the horrific truth of our existence (Part 1)
Chased
I am an ex-SWAT officer, and I've discovered the horrific truth of our existence.
When Babysitting Gets Strange
It’s not the wind
Micheal Boo 😆💗 (Part 1)
Stranger in the distance
Time stopped.
Reunited
On this episode
I can hear morse code no one else can hear.
The Truth about Pan
Question about the subreddit
My Preternatural Account part 4: I Figured It Out....kinda
We Had the Same Nightmare
My Preternatural Account part 4: The Whisper
Blackout
My Girlfriend Keeps Waking Up at 3:42am
Ever heard of the “midnight ice cream trucks”?
Some fat idiot I know had a dead body in his hotel or something. Idk
The faces are tormenting me
I woke up in my bedroom from my childhood home. It was bulldozed six years ago.
After Reading This Message, You Will Die
My Preternatural Account part 4: Things Have Changed
[help me find] a nosleep story
Stuffed Animals Stay Put
My Beautiful Bride.
I think I’m cursed
Witch living in my house and I need help please I’m really not sure if she’s good or bad anymore
I had made a HUGE mistake...
A personal note on a horrific disease: Case #229, AKA Patient Brittle. (Part One)
Words to a Librarian part 2
A personal note on a horrific disease: Case #229 (AKA Patient "Brittle") (Pt 1)
The True Villain
I keep getting random airdrops
Heavenly
Colleen
Any tips on how to get an earwig out?
I Live In A Town That Doesn't Exist: 106.6 WKYM
Colleen