Hey join my livestream now
Want to be rude and passive-aggressive the whole time you work with me? Enjoy pointlessly sorting through a thousand papers with no help or direction.
Landlord Refused to Pay Me Back $400 Security Deposit......I took him to court and won $4000
Rejected for my religion
Jukebox Revenge repost
Ex Ex step mother in law crashes wedding to upstage her daughter and gets kicked to the curb and her dress ruined
If you don’t want to sit correctly in the car, I’ll show you why it’s dangerous
Jukebox Revenge
McDonald Revenge
Yeah, you're not that cool
Girl tryed to break me and my bf up. I pranked her phone
My sister puts my ex wife in her place by outing her as a cheater on FB
Bully Me, I’ll Fart on Your Food
News is just crap anyway
you don't own the road
My sister calls my ex on FB out for cheating on me.
My brother got revenge on an entire town
Don’t mess with a vengeful boy
Moving Out Special: Locked Doors!
Moving Special: No Office for You!
No discount you say?
You want your clothes back? Okay, go find them.
Kids can’t sleep? Neither will you.
The man who was paid out his job settlement in oil covered pennies reminded me of this...
Lady you wanna see who has the better base you better put on a good song.
An eye for an eye and hair for hair.
Kid bullies me I roast the living shit out of them
Sometimes revenge happens when it is not intended!
The Scuba Doo mystery of the Quaran-toilet
The Day My Dad Watched Someone Crumble
Person bullied me online, and at school. So I did something about it
Yes, you really do need your ID, ma’am
Petty Garage Sale Revenge
My necklace is ugly? Sorry, we don’t have what you’re looking for in stock.
“They’re family. You’re an egg donor.”
Write me up? Ok then. Have it your way
Wanna be nasty get barred from local restaurants
Disappear Have Way Through The Project? No Winnig Prize For You
You want me to slow down on the job to not make you look bad ok....
A Karen was consistently rude to me for no reason, I got it covered.
No pastries for brother in law
My sister and her friends put chilipowder in my yoghurt, so I gave them my ultimate revenge.
Make our staff cry? No food for you.
Threaten to sue me have fun not graduating.
Threaten my home and child. Do not pass go, go directly to jail.
My wife let it drop during couple’s counseling that she is filing for divorce and seeking full custody of the kids.
Help a Racist Move? Sure!
Assistant quits job without notice and interviews at another office of mine
Call me names? Let's see how "pissed off" I can get...
Gays are gross?... ok I got you!
College Kids Wake Me Up, So I Don’t Let Them Sleep
The customer is always right? Not at the gun store
Unexpectedly participating in a girl's revenge
A very important meassage:
Pre Revenge (you choose what I do)
The croissant incident
Neighbor complains that my car smells to try to get a better parking space? Aloha, bitch.
Guy gets bullied and gets his bullies 40 hours of community service!
Old lady gym demands front 1/2 of the parking lot and demonstrates great hypocrisy. I get my revenge in my own small way.
You want to leave trash for me to take of? Enjoy not using your scanner!
Rude lady talking on phone
HELP
This is how I got revenge on bullies,fake friends and ex.
Want to request a terrible song? We made a new file just for you.
I lock the account of people who don’t log out of my computer
If you force yourself and your baby carriage onto the lift without letting me off first...
Toxic drama-ridden Discord server gets vandalized and destroyed
I hope you enjoy your magazines...
Lady waits to use the bathroom every night at closing call. Never again.
My ex of 5 years broke up with me via text
The video is archived
I insulted a guy after he accuses me of committing a federal crime
My Petty Revenge Story
Annoying Neighbor Drama
My 20 YO son thinks he is boss of my house. I took a comfort item from his room
I cut this girl’s hair off
The Life of Mrs. Horton
No cupcakes for you!
Made a girl cry after she stuck gum in my hair
Pizza karen!
Delicious Karma Gets Revenge For Me
Taking revenge on my annoying brother
Taking revenge on my annoying brother
I know how to use the radio
How the tables have turned.
How the tables have turned.
Food thief revenge
Woman parks In front of my dads truck and trailer so my dad give me the go ahead to key her car
The moderators messed with the wrong fan...
Secret fax
don’t like it? Then change it
Middle school kleptomaniac vs me
I'm just "taking showers wrong" huh? Fine, guess the problem doesn't exist.
Help? Ideas
Where's the lamp
Racist old lady
Gays are gross?... ok I got you!
Car Warranty phone call - Sign me up!
This is not Jim’s number!
My father... and his petty revenge..Got Avengers: Infinity War spoiled by a guy on FB. Took revenge by spoiling Avengers: Endgame.
don't drive like an *ss on the interstate.
Pretend like my boyfriend is too stupid to know what you're up to? Youre not as clever as you think!
I projectile vomited on the doctor who said there was nothing wrong with me
Piss on a homeless man's bed? Enjoy sleeping tonight!
Don't drive behind me so closely!
Got my step brother grounded for reading my diary after he stole toys from my room.
Neighbor thought that he could get away with using our ping pong table, that didn’t go well for them.
BLESS YOU! 😲 Have a tissue (for your hidden dog?).
Old story-a teenage friend who made her decision
Judge a book by it's cover? No commission for you!
Best revenge: Don’t tell her anything
I used to belong to a cult where a bunch of people did shit I don't want to get into. Anyway all these years later I'm at home unemployed and overweight and these people have jobs and most are married with children. Haha suckers
Sister's ex tried to ruin her wedding, I K.O. him. Years later, karma K.O.s him aswell.
Annoying brother says something "smart", and it backfires.
My ex lost all his friends cause of me
Inconsiderate brother(MIGHT) get/s what he deserves.
Thanks for the cheap gas😈
Mean lady claimed single parent w kids was not a family
Perfec timing for revenge is presented, and I take it
Ice tea.
Sales lady completely ignores me and helps another instead... misses out on a big commission
Sales lady completely ignores me and helps another instead... misses out on a big commission
Sales lady completely ignores me and helps another instead... misses out on a big commission
Signed popular kid up for a bunch of gay porn games using his school email, he got suspended for three days.
My petty revenges at Chick Fil A
You can butt in line but it's not going to do you any good
My bully made me cry so I gave myself a bleeding nose
I purposely did badly on my AP test to spite my teacher
So this lady cuts me off at Chick-Fil-A only to get petty revenge.
Instant karma strikes a girl at Chick-Fil-A.
Neighbor killed my dog so we made sure he will never live down the guilt.
ExGirlfriend breaks up with me and starts sending death threats, so I expose what she's been saying publicly.
Ex
The White Agenda
He laid hands on me, I disrupted his zen
My sibling used to jump scare me all the time... so I started carrying full glasses of water
Wanting advice on how to get revenge.
I see it as a small pay back
The search for the smelly fish
A school story from Y2
I purposefully wake my roommate up in the morning
My revenge letter to the girl who ruined my life.
My Revenge Letter to the Girl who Ruined my Life.
Always have your mute button on when you're on a video call
Thеrе is а Youtuber cаllеd "Leоn Faradаy" thаt leаrns еveryweеk а nеw skill. Нis relativеs раssеd awаy whеn hе wаs 14, he makеs videоs about own ехperience оf mаstering nеw skills and another vidеos for peоple to kеep motivаtiоn to learn аnd try new things, bеcause we havе only one life
Dropped someone’s stuff right to the ground after he tricked me
Be rude to me and cut me off? You can bet I will stand there and watch the company dump $$$$ down the drain!
I kept getting teased for playing fortnite by my brother so I found someone even worse he does.
"Sorry, were out of quarters..."
Make me wait in line, then don't serve me? Fine.
"Not again!"
Help My Vengence?
Wasted a rude bank tellers time out of spite
funn revenge on a mate
Laxative is a bad combo with food
It just needs a little...Laxative
Perv manager
Made Brother Rage Quit
I'm Getting Failing Grades? Well Then, So Is My Nana…
A butter knife
My group was comprised of slackers
Ex best friend trying to blackmail me with my ex boyfriend
UPDATE: 14 Years Later, the Perfect Book has been Received
Try to embarrass me and undermine my position? Nice trt
Sexism used as a last resort
Making our already bad WIFI even slower.
Kid will learn to never touch anyone else's property again
Making our already bad WIFI even slower.
Have fun making that sale, car salesman
6th grade camp revenge
Spread malicious rumours about me? Enjoy the humiliation of bragging about being pranked
The silver spoon
Steal our food? We'll make you shit yourself to expulsion
FIGHT
Blasting bass heavy music in the middle of a work week? Enjoy some white noise, lad.
You don't want to help out. Fine I'll fart
Shock of a life time
Jerkoff Bosses
Just sit down and shut up idoit i have a meeting ( UMMMM........ok....."Boss")
Sit down shut up theres a meeting going to start (Umm but......ok......Boss)
You want to stink up my space? Let's play hardball.
My most petty revenge
My most petty revenge. Not proud, but I wouldn't do it any different.
Just let your ex pay for the things you can't pay anymore
Facebook revenge on psychotic ex
I blocked my sister from parking 😂😂
Nice try passing me in line karen.
Should not have tried to pass me in line lady
Should not have tried to pass me in line lady.
Lady shoots our dog, loses in court
Let's keep this clean...
Ex cheated on me
I gave my cat the ultimate hiss
How i got a Pos 20 years in jail
Scratch your face and blame me? I’ll fart on you
Just shut up and sit down Idoit (OK BOSS)
You don't joke with Petty Santa
Awful Roommates, need petty revenge ideas
Your kid and his friends break stuff in my yard? My dog will get revenge.The biggest parking fine ever given
Shoot my dog, say goodbye to your sleep for years
My ex coworker got turned down at my new restaurant.
Mean teacher was wrong
Greedy Classmate Attempted Theft. He called me Selfish.
How I got revenge on my kindergarten enemy.
I'm Getting Failing Grades? Well Then So Is My Nana...
I'm Getting Failing Grades? Well Then So Is My Nana...
A little help from karma
revenge
Tables turned, as I (foreigner) willfully, gladly, consciously denied her tenure. Welcome to Japan.
Tables of karma turned, as I willfully, gladly wrecked her life by denying her tenure. Welcome to Japan.
Dick met his match
Downvoting everything
Annoying sisters finally got it
The cutter gets cut.
Steal my phone good luck sleeping
Maskless cop gives bogus speeding ticket, gets a personalized mask in the mail
Try to undermine to gain respect. Watch me make you lose your job.
My sister didn't appreciate the previews
Ex wife uses me as babysitter... Now she's heartbroken.
revenge both irrational and transcendental (happy pi day)
Think I'm a little kid? At least I'm not the one in trouble!
Think I'm a little kid? At least I'm not the one in trouble!
A short tale of mindless, petty revenge in battlefield 1.
Nursing undergrad didn’t know I’m a Registered Nurse
Man batter handshake. (kinda NSFW)
Bosses fired my assistant, ended up bankrupting them and rheir business
Annoying person playing loud music at night!!
How to get revenge on a malicious bully roommate?
Me: "Why did you rub out all my work?" Entitled Child: "Because I wanted to"
"Why did you rub out all my Work?!" "Because I wanted to."
I screw with scammer, they block my number
Cheated and gave me STDs
Neighbors want to leave their wrecked car outside my house? Okay have fun paying to get it out of impound
A coworker ate my food. I hit replay, except this time it was pee flavored
Stop Talking On Speakerphone In a Public Restroom, Karen
Make me redo the document to your standards...no problem
Reaping what you sow... with lasers!
An abuser and an enabler receive some long-overdue justice.
Revenge against boyfriend
Karma might be a thing ? *Roadrage incident*
Old story about toxic relative getting their comeuppance
Reduce my access? Ok, I'll reduce everybody's access
Forward. Your. Mail. When. You. Move.
Apathetic friend got scammed... by me.
Shitty boss
Steal my food and ill make your tongue bleed
When you try to get someone in trouble
Boyfriend cheated, returned his handmade gifts in a very thoughtful way
Grandpa's revenge
Noisy neighbors don't like it when their neighbors are noisy.
Boyfriend cheated, returned his handmade gifts in the best way possible
Petty Revenge on Teacher who tries to make me do needless work.
Inadvertent Petty Revenge Against a Frat Brother
My upstairs neighbor is having a loud conversation with her sister at 11:45pm. Both are apparently wearing high heels on a tile floor.
HVAC Company called code enforcement on me...
Don't want to return my calls after I paid you thousands of dollars for a job?
Good ole mother-in-law
Want to Help? Call This Scammer With Me!
Tailgate me on the highway? Enjoy your pothole sir!
Tailgater got what he deserved
I made a tailgater destroy his suspension and potentially more
Revenge of the Farmer
Prank war with my late husband (my revenge)
Racist Douche Landlord Gets a Surprise
I'm leaving in an hour whether you're here or not.
Flip me off? I'll drown you in gay porn
I added $12.24 to their fine
These Necklaces will give you positive vibes!
Get free amazon gift card
Camping with my Ex's side man
Trim my tree, I’ll take your shade
Oh, so you hacked my DoorDash Account and ordered food...
Petty revenge on flatmates
Getting back on abusive flatmates
FB got hacked
It’s been 14 years, but I finally found the perfect book.
Threaten to fail me? How about 100% in the class instead?
Person dents my moms car it cost them 3000 dollars
Busy Saturday
Petty Teacher gets taught a lesson
Be racist to my friend? Threaten to fail me? How about 100% in the class instead?
Do I have something on my face
Pumpkin Pie with a side of revenge
When a metal head is sick of their neighbor's shitty music.
My stupid Kevin brother refused to turn down the volume during my class, so I made him regret it!!!
Revenge on a petty snitch
Push me and mock me I’ll ruin your night.
A busybody took pictures of me and put them on a "neighborhood watch" site, theorizing I was a criminal, so I did the same thing to them.
Weak Coffee
Don’t report broken equipment? It won’t get returned to you.
Deer fuelled karma
Handicap parking revenge
Thanks for the switch!
I got a mean girl called out for bullying my friend with behavioral problems.
Call me a name? Sure, I can do that.
Don't bully the trainee
Impatient? In a hurry? Let's take it easy!
valentine's is the best day ever :)It's always the quiet ones
The BREAST REVENGE! Or: Crazy, Insecure Woman Is Mad At Me Because Her S.O. Is Staring At My Boobs!
Petty carwash revenge
Harassing Neighbors I can’t do anything about it’s destroying my life. Can’t involve police but something needs to be done about it. Take over for me. Long weird explanation here goes
Car Troubles
The Comeuppance of the Bureaucrat Karen
Not in kindergarten anymore? Still get time out
She tried to mess around with my boyfriend, so I hit her where it hurt the most.
She tried to seduce my boyfriend, so I tried to make her gain weight.
Refund Karen
Kept getting removed on AmITheAssHole - posting here - AMAI the asshole for hurting the man [18m] I [17m] once loved? We’re his actions justified? Am I a bad person?
Stick it to ya!
Was told to post here. Unintentional revenge.
Em at Infinty War
Be rude to the English teacher her whole class will tell you off
Penny problem
Remove us from the group chat after an argument? You drew the line there bud.
Nearly killed by police officers dog, officer not prosecuted so chatted to a journalist and story made national headlines and the front cover of our regional newspaper.
Infected my freind's computer with a virus? Gonna delete every single account of yours in discord (bad grammar warning)
Didn't like those renters? Too bad your bestie is their neighbor now.
Definitions of all revenge subreddits [EDITED]
Fur coats don't belong on the floor
Fur Coats Don't Belong On The Floor
Block our numbers? No return of contributions for you!
£20 Mothers Day Dine In - M&amp;S
What Real World?
My trainee tried to get me in trouble with my GM, so he put her in solitary confinement
Break into my car? Have fun digging through trash before getting arrested.
A group of Karens get shut up at a funeral
I took over an entire discord server because they muted me!
Tuna socks
Tuna socks
Revenge is.... salty!
Full moon
Revenge is..... salty
Revenge is.... salty
How my new manager fiered herself at the first day
Bar Boss prank works out better than expected.
Bad Bar Boss and the counterfeit cocaine
Update: Be a Jerk? No training.
Good friend/roommate decides he wants to sleep with my ex
An eye for an eye. Fuck your sun-strength headlights.
Your mom does not clean here!
Help me get revenge for a girl who drove my best friend to attempt suicide by buying and charging her for a shitload of flowers... only if you have a VPN and it cannot be traced
Help me get revenge for a girl who drove my best friend to attempt suicide by buying and charging her for a shitload of flowers... only if you have a VPN and it cannot be traced
Park along my whole fence so I blocked their trailer.
You'll do it? Okay then.
Don’t mess with my water...
Not homeless, Not a gold digger, just rich
My roommate in college and I never really got along
The best thing that's happened to me in years
I hope you weren’t planning on using a fork today!
My college roommate
This felt to good
I trashed a bathroom because my middle school bully's dad worked as a janitor there
Revenge against a cat
I had to child proof my kitchen cupboards
Man clicks his mouse to much so I hid it. (TL:DR at end)
Stopped a bully mispronouncing my name.
Meghan is the level of American pettiness I aspire to....I bow down!!
Update on Bio Mom Revenge
Unintentional but glorious revenge on a little man in his big red pickup
1940: My five year old Mom wanted a toy too - Didn’t get one? How did that go?
When I was 13yo I peed on my classmate's floor and wiped it with her huge teddy bear.
Block our numbers? No return of contribution to you!
Workplace Imploded after Resigning
Remove my number from your system.
Keep bragging about your husband until you can’t
I got petty revenge on a overzealous neighbour for parking..
“Damn good thing someone put down some fries!”
I seriously suspect people living at 215 70th St, Virginia Beach, VA 23451 are hiding from the law or mafia or something. Just trying to help my friends out there! Peace!
So this happened in 4th grade once
You're a jerk,but it all worked out.
You're a jerk, but it all worked out.
How I got back at this kid for ripping up my Pokémon cards
Hat Services
"Never Again"' part two: electric boogaloo
Park in a Clear School Parking Lot? I'll get you towed and chewed out by the trailer park owner!
More petty revenge on a petty landlord: leaky faucet epic.
I need your help to get revenge
Friendly old neighbor
35 single domme looking for sub
Тhеrе is a Yоutuber саllеd "Lеon Fаraday" thаt learns еvеryweek a new skill. Нis relatives рassed аwаy when he wаs 14, he makеs videos about own experiеnсe of mаstering new skills and anоther videos for peоplе to keep motivаtion tо lеarn and try new things, bесause we havе оnly onе lifе !!
In which an entire institution gets revenge on IT and Finance.
Moving out
Two is Trouble
I left my ex's stuff in the park
Stealing back property (must be a theme here)
Take up shared wall space? Good luck picking up your pictures every day.
You take my desk then get me introuble fine ill use ur logic aginst you
You need proof?!
Nudes on petty levels and all cash app ready
Housemates constantly made us feel like we were holding them back, so we made sure they saw how much they really needed us.
Threw my ex out of a bar.
You're firing me? Guess I'll stop helping with your website.
Done with someone parking like a moron
Tell us we're slacking? Well be prepared to be CC'd on every single email we send.
Smelly karma for freeway Karen
pettyrevenge against my brother
pettyrevenge against my brotherpetty revenge against my brother
Hey Roomy, how's that iced tea taste? Oh you got pink eye too?
Banged a dude in the house whose landlord swore on her life to never let me get in again
Housemate from hell
Bitch about me to teachers? Hon, I can bitch better
I’m taking the dog
Unplugged Xbox and drove my ex crazy.
Petty revenge on petty landlord.
Petty revenge on petlandlord
Contract ended with my company, boss wanted me to stay an extra week but I said no
I used to wipe my boogers in my ex-best friend’s dance bag
Best revenge for my drunk DAD!!!
Revenge on cheating ex
You cheated and wanted my ring back... Fork over everything I paid for...
Revenge is a dish best served with glitter!
Get better at chess... sure... I'll get right on that.
My desk isn't an endzone
Please help me earn money with this fundraiser and if you don’t wanna buy anything that is fine clicking on the link will still help too
Mother threw away my retainers because it's "disgusting" after years of use. I made sure what she did was wrong
Made him write an 1000 word essay.
Don't leave your valuables if you want to screw someone over.
Seeing these posts about "stealing" your stuff back has inspired to tell my story as well
Get Better At Chess... Sure, I'll hop right on that.
Help!
You reported to my boss? Okey fine
Threaten to hit me with your car? Good luck getting your car out!
Post breakup stealing back my stuff
Make my armpits cry? Your butcheeks get the same treatment
friend annoys me and insults me, so I become n more annoying
Keep harrassing my friend on discord? I'll bring your server down
Keep harrassing my friend on discord? I'll bring your server down!
Saw someone else's post about 'stealing' back property and I realized I have a petty revenge story :)
Reserved parking? I think not. Pt.2
Any tips for noisy neighbours that never get the hint?
COMIC SANS TO THE MOOOON🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
You should not park in my spot (part 2)
I stole my own property back from my flatmate and am pretending not to know anything about it...
Arrogant coworker who does no wrong
Revenge is a dish best served with glitter.
Revenge Is A Dish Best Served... With Glitter.
Older guy harrased me on Facebook, I threatened his job
The Sh*t Storm -Literally
Go get coffee
How to get back at a mean boss
Pretty interesting story
Don't mess with a woman engineer!
Anyone wanna help me make my ex jealous? 😅
The day I ripped off a used car salesman.
DM tried to forcefully transfer our store and assistant manager to another store, didn’t expect us all to call HR on them.
Secretly shrunk my husbands clothes after he criticized my body
Neighbor kept making noise complains without any reason, got them fined a big amount as a parting gift
Do you ouija wanna mess with me?
Unique Loud Neighbor Revenge
Not revegne, make spend!
Bully and isolate me? Okay, I'll wreck your grades and leave.
You suspend me from school &amp; not my brother? That’s okay, I have a cool mom…
I copied her engagement ring
Girl gave a lesson to the impatient rude driver... She will definitely remember this lesson
Real estate ruined my state so now I report every single ad I see as a scam.
Don't make your doctor mad or your arm will hurt
Texas Freeze Compliance (neighbor gets the "cold" shoulder)
Taught my son not to "Borrow" my car without permission anymore.
it ain’t much but it’s honest work
How I got petty revenge against a stink bug infestation
That time I kicked a home owner out of his home.. a Sparkies Tale
That time I kicked a home owner out of his home.. a Sparkies Tale
That time I kicked a home owner out of his home.. a Sparkies Tale
help getting revenge on my sexual predator
coughing neighbor..
Grope my GF?? we'll see about that
Pinch my GF's butt? we'll see about that
Bully and isolate me? Okay, I'll wreck all of your grades and then leave.
Grown women berated me about wearing a mask got kicked out of store.
Texas Freeze Revenge
"Sound Waves Only Go Side-To-Side, Not Up-And-Down"
Manager-in-Training Gets Her "Ketch"uppance
How to get revenge on my ex?
You're not gonna out-nerd me!
You misspell my name, I misspell yours
Never ever try to hurt someone in grief
Say I don't know what depression is like? Your server has been raided
Say I don't know what depression is like? Your server has been raided
Lay me off? Have some porn!
Revenge on my brother
Wholesome revenge: meal tickets
I was let go...then made sure they couldn't go
Call me lazy girl while you skip off to drink, I'll make you suffer for it.
More sausage rolls than I knew what to do with, to be honest.
I ain’t giving it back
Taught some jerks a lesson on acceptance
You forgot who was paying dummy
How a scammer gave back my money
Enter sacred burial site? Yeah, you're proobably cursed.
Don't mess with my lunch break.
The 34 story gas chamber.
Need help with my ex
Hope You Like Hazelnut!
Cold showers for bad neighbors
Don't want a warm home? Pay for a cold home.
Grocery store lady gets what she deservesKarma bites the grocery store lady in the a**
Kid trying to kill harmless snake gets a death wish
Harass me to Join your MLM Down-line for two months? I'll Sink your new "business" before it even starts
The time the teachers pet got revenge.
Don't rearrange the icons or change the colors on the shared computer - Army Intel
Looks can be deceiving
Blame my cat for another's bad behaviour, I'll put out the wrong bins on bin day
Crayons
Yell in my ear? Let me "destroy" your PC.
Harrass autistic people, enjoy your bathroom swimming pool!!
Help please
Steal my desk? Be annoyed for 30 seconds every day
My aunt is accused me of being a paid troll so I called the bank to cut off her supplementary card registered under my CC
This worked out in my favor
HOA Karen has been complaining to my neighbors about my sex life and slut shaming me to residents in our building, so I’m responding.
r/pettyrevenge: what I did to my brother and got away with it
The art and satisfaction of cock blocking..
So am I allowed to post in this sub?
So you don’t have your share of the electric bill, but you have money for a PS5.
So you don’t have your share of the electric bill, but you have money for a PS5?
Desperate lonely kid gets a taste of reality
Pool Mom gets a Taste of Sweet Revenge.
"That's MR. SMITBER to you!"
Old roommate took my GF unknowingly on a drug deal
The buildup is killing me
Old roommate took my GF of a drug deal unknowingly
Cousin used my earphones without permission
The best deterrent for loud neighbors
stop blocking the aisles
Don't call me in this late again.
My mom was obsessed over my schoolwork
(Dis)Honest Pay for (Dis)Honest Work
Keep me awake every night and I will think of ways to drive you crazy too...
What’s the pettiest thing you’ve done to get back at a work colleague?
Rude roommates get rude awakening
Leave your clothes on the bathroom floor? Prepare for your favourite shirt to get drenched.
A “friend” came uninvited to my party. So I decided to ruin his next party.
make me do the all the work don't be surprised when it bites you in the ass
AITA for blocking my friends and changing my number
Berate me for liking anime, enjoy your dead car battery
Harass me for being autistic, have fun being stranded
Banned? Ok I didn't want to be in your sub anyways
Trying to mess with my tv? Let me give your son a present...
HELP ME GET REVENGE
Take my phone? Get woken up by blasting music.
Make me count? Sure, I'll count
Hope you didn't want to use a fork!
I exposed my abusive ex on an Instagram story after i made all of his friends and classmates follow me [on Instagram].
You Make an Account with my Email I can do What Ever I Want With it
Grandmother antagonizes us, so we cut her cable access.
Enjoy coming home to an empty apartment :)
Put my pants in the trash? Next time you’ll be gone in a flash.
Over the last few months I have been secretly putting tiny pebbles in the shoes of my roommates girlfriend who doesn’t pay rent.
Taco Bell Descriminated Against My PTSD So...
Delicious drive thru revenge
Since people like to trespass on my property and hop my back fence as a shortcut￼￼￼, I’ve found a nice spot along my fence to put all of my dog’s poop
Left Lane Nazis
Sweet Revenge Against My Old Sorority--The Penny Story.
Housemates pubes
Give me pettyness, I'll never gift you anything ever again
Rude and annoying teacher refuses to give me 1 extra day for an assignment, has to give 10 now
Block my car in a handy capped spot... Now you can't leave
Hidding coworkers pens
I got an entire shitposting page taken down on Facebook
Wanna drive drunk? Well enjoy the musical accompaniment as you’re arrested
He called me a neck beard.
Some asshole took up two parking spots on purpose parking directly in the centre line between two spots so I egged his car. Wish I could post pics on this sub lol
I followed the rule
You Want Me To Hire You After You Treated Me Like Dirt?
Following the School Rule's
need help messing with somebody who deserves it
Blocked back
My roommate never knew
When "people" tell me "I'll never shop here again". "I" say "thank you".
I gave a bag of coins as change to a rude customer who insulted me because I look too young to be a store manager.
Co-worker makes up her own rules, I make mine
Demand to check in 4-6 hours early for free? Have fun finding a new place to stay.
Looking for a petty defensive, sticky, smelly food item...
Piss me off and I will clean your vehicle inside out !
Here, let me help you see. 👓
Phd teacher acted like a dick so my friends sent him trolling emails
Steal my food, you will pay one way or another.
Reserved street parking? I think not.
Cheat in Soccer, I'll target your faces
Got accused of leaving an oven on, so we called around to prove it wasn't me
We Could All Use Some Revenge Today
Petty TP revenge on husband
How I got revenger on my Stepmom and my bio dad
cant post anything
Coffee Shop Revenge
basic petty
My wife pointed out to me...
Letting your teachers jaw drop
Do not re-open negotiations when a deal is already too good
wrongly screened--got real petty--debunked reddit
He ghosted me and never returned my hair dryer so I took advantage of what he left behind
Karen &amp; Darren Get a Lesson in Being Good Neighbors
Owners let go of manager everyone loves.
A guys revenge vs a police dog
I get 50p, some Pokémon and revenge...I gained 50p, some Pokémon and revenge...
Neighbour woke us up with his music I wonder if it's on bluetooth
I added new words to his computer's dictionary.
Do not re-open negotiations when a deal is already too good
Here's a news flash for you.
Entitled hospital visitors get mad at me for asking them to be quiet and made fun of me. I ended up vomiting blood...
Owe me some money and refuse to pay back... enjoy your sticky ride
Boss bullied people into retirement, 3 old ladies play her hard
Chicago snow showdown
Password Protected
My landlady was really abusive, so I messed up the appliances before leaving.
This isn’t my story, but his lady painted her fence ugly colors because the neighbors made her cut down her 9ft fence to a 6ft fence https://youtu.be/4FriO91on3I
Hacked on email, Facebook, &amp; Instagram so here’s his number
A short story or why you don't talk ill of coworkers that the associate is friends with
Asshole Roommate forced to move out
I work at subway, and if someone is impolite to me, I give them the ends of the tomatoes. haHA!
Act shitty towards our parents, you get a shitty birthday gift
You stink and you're mean.
How I got my rude, lazy coworker fired
Friend made fake eBay listing with my phone number and blew my phone up.
Bought house. Old owners were cheap.
Petty Canine revenge
Lady rushes me at the drive thru, so I pay for her food
Neighbour HOA head gets a petty revenge
Charge me overdraft fees? I’ll make sure you’re paying unnecessary charges for a decade
Mess with me for a whole week? Enjoy having your work sleep with the fishes
Act like a jerk all week? Time for a little cargo greif
Buy EXTRA Pulp OJ? Have fun with EXTRA PULP!
Anti-masker in my school gets recked in dodgeball (I think this was taken down last time)
Annoying anti masker in my school gets destroyed in dodgeball
Take my candy? Enjoy eating toothpaste.
Blah blah? Blah.
Touch me inappropriately and body shame me in middle school? Good luck recovering your reputation!
Old Bully Tries to Act Friendly
I'm Slowly Hording My Mum's Kitchen Utensils.
Hit my breasts and body shame me in middle school? Good luck recovering your reputation!
It’s the little things...
UPS misdelivered your packages?
I got let go because of a shitty laptop that didn't work.
Karen cuts me off, so I get sweet... I mean salty revenge!
Ill hide your remote then.
Robo calls and spam email
Don’t be rude to the people you need things from...like plumbers in Texas during this winter catastrophe.
You don’t wake me up? I won’t wake you up
Hit my breasts and body shame me in middle school? Good luck recovering your reputation!
Wanna be lazy? S*no*w problem. Get ready for the *cold* shoulder.
Wanna be lazy? S*no*w problem I'll give you the *cold* shoulder
Keep parking in front of my house? Hope you didn't need that mirror!
We took all the useful kitchen utensils
Ex manager at theatre asked me thread projectors already threaded in exchange for a free movie
Discord disabled my account and harassed me
Forced HP to accept my return
I bodyshamed my cousin because she won't stop throwing annoying remarks about my weight gain
Auto Warranty Scammer wants money for a policy on a car that doesn't exist
Can we blow up this discord server?
Hit my breasts and body shame me in middle school? Good luck recovering your reputation!
Significant other breaks up with me, I make them pay full price for a required subscription.
The time I popped someone’s dryer in a shared laundry facility.
Revenge ideas for non paying nightmare client named Karen
I arranged a stand up comedy event and the comedian got humiliated.
I took the cheese grater
Re-conducting the new music teacher
The Battle of Imaginary Dishware
Online 'Friend' tries to get my online story banned because it does better than his, which is filled with plagiarism; I make him a troll target
Take advantage of the new guy, enjoy the results.
Revenge against my cheating ex girlfriend!!
Call your lawyer. I don't care.
Don't wanna turn down your heating unit? I'll make sure you start the day in the freezing cold.
You Insult and Abuse Me for My Disabilities, Time to bring Out the Manager.
Won't stop requiring sketchy extensions? I will get them pulled from the store.
Shout out to those wronged by Texas AHs
I started dating my dad’s friend’s daughter
Oh, so you say this is not your car?...
Oh we will pay, just not how you want us to.
I left my job as an intern after 1.5 months to make double the salary because the only other intern I worked with thought he was better than me
Getting back at a predatory tow company
Next doors smoke blows in my bedroom window so i spray clove oil near where they smoke
Ice cream fatty
Would leaving a message to my neighours after I moved house be petty as hell?
so my girlfriend made me happy
Hoping you guys can help me carry out a petty revenge
Neighbor would call the cops on us every time we had people over in college
Work Ghosted Me And Stopped Giving Me Shifts. So I Did The Thing They Hated Most
Supervisor angered me, so I pissed on his floor.
Supervisor angered me, so I pissed on his floor
Stealing My Grapes? Here Have Them All
My mom got her revenge on me.
I didn't do anything for this to happen, but it is pretty sweet revenge
So I broke my sisters door
I just did what he did
Wont contribute to the house? Wont put down phone to help? I'll send your phone back to the dark ages.
Wont contribute to the house? Wont put down phone to help? I'll send your phone back to the dark ages.
girl tells me to shut so i mock her
Outing Housemate's Eating Disorder
Ex Goes in a Date, Change his streaming profile to kids only viewing
I was a hard worker for someone who hardly worked
So I'm the weak link?
Being petty at the gym, right back at ya
I bought a jumping rope to counter my neighbors music
Request for Petty action(s) to takeExacting Petty Revenge 14 years later
Best Starbucks You’ve Ever Had? You’ll Never Have It Again
Stop responding to requests? Can’t ignore me now!
How I Got My Boss Demoted By Telling The Truth
Guess you shouldn’t have fired the French teacher
Need Help with Revenge on a UK Resident
Yup, I hid her "medication".
Yup, I Hid Her Pills.
Manchild rages at me on my last day at my restaurant job
That Escalated Quickly. Oh well, time to make a phone call
Spontaneous revenge... almost a decade later
give me a rock as a phone enjoy losing the payment and being followed by email spammers for the rest of your life
Hot enough for you sir?
Overworked, So I Handed In My Notice To My Actual Boss
Landlord didn’t want to replace the mailbox key
Denial of annual leave. I think I will take what’s owed and more.
"Thank you for everything you did for me during my time as your student."
Want to get cocky on GTA V? Meet my friends.
So i put shit on a kids window
How I owned a Karen in fourth grade.
I followed a racist kid to his house, not to beat his ass but to tell his parents
My UPSTAIRS NEIGHBOUR is ANNOYING me 24X7. What to do? How to Cope?
I saved a girl from getting hit by a truck (somewhat accidentally) and she stole all my shit and left me unconscious, so I started an... interesting rumor ab her and kinda “catfished” her as a joke, got out of hand and ended up ruining her high school experience.
I have to wage war on Domino's
Everyone loves your airplane, boss!
Store manager makes my life a nightmare for two months
They screwed up my order AGAIN
Put me on crutches? Enjoy the U in your GCSE
eBay Feedback.
Destroying an raper in among us
I'm sorry I'm gay.. would you like a refund?
Dog pooping on my lawn
From my local Facebook mom group:
You've Got Some Food in Your Salt There.
Creation Of The World Good Vs Evil
Revenge against my bridesmaids: the loooong game 😈
Getting Even With A Guy Who Threw His Drink In My Face and Stole My Phone
Cut in line? End up in a random neighborhood?
Apartment petty: Moves over $1.50
My brother is next level and got revenge for both of us.
Siblings bathroom Mess
Apes together strong
Have fun drying your clothes for a 3rd time, asshole
Have fun washing your clothes for a 3rd time, asshole
Steal my rent money? I'll make sure you pay
Steal my rent money? I'll make sure you pay in more ways than one
Customer yelled at me, so I gave her exactly what she wanted.
telling me not to do something will only make me do it sooner
One Car per Stall
Catfished my ex then egged him
Nazi schoolmate took down himself
Taking my bully down with me
My neighbor has called the police on me for blowing snow in his empty field twice this winter.
A petty ex-gf after her ex smashed the car's windshield
Extremely petty! I destroyed someone’s reputation in an online community?
Sibling bully gets a airhorn
This is my friend's story. Hope you enjoy!
Standing up to a classroom bully!
A classroom bully gets called out in front of her mom.
Petty Driver
I deleted all his music
“Rabs, we DO NOT prank here”.. a Sparkies Tale.
Stop Payment on a Check when I'm Helping You Out?!?
Want to help in my petty revenge? Text this idiot! (425-563-5745)
Friend who constantly ripped off my artwork and designs has finally been sued by a business she copied a design from.
Right back accha buckaroo.
Fake Social Security Call Center gets Wrecked
Teacher slapped me
Horrible Boss-Karma
“Rabs, we DO NOT prank here”.. a Sparkies Tale.
Nothing personal
Some guy tried to cause an accident just for the lols of ut.
Arrogant college hot-shot treats woman cruelly, then gets strung along and played by same woman in a long game a few years later ;)
The bully gets bullied
This bitch obtained and shared my nudes without my consent.
Your pizza note goes against our company social media policy
Work Revenge
Make fun of me and my job? Enjoy your school holiday trip with no money
Fur coats don't belong on the floor
Jerk step dad shows out, a little revenge
Fur coats don't belong on the floor
If you're mean to your server, you're gonna have a bad time
I don’t take checks but was forced to. I overdrew the customers bank several times.
I can't stop them from messing with my mom's mental health but I can spam you with poor feedback.
What kind of revenge can be enacted with a copy of someones drivers license?
Calls friends “thing” small then invade regret
Need help coming up with a sassy comment to a typo/Freudian slip. Please! :)
Someone Spam This asshole
Harassing Girlfriend on marketplace
Drunk revenge
Using LinkedIn To Annoy A Work Enemy
You try to steal my money? I steal yours.
The Table Gum Story
She’ll regret being the most disgusting roommate ever after this
Should I get revenge on a cheating ex?
HELP!!! Is there any device to create a CONSTANT HIGH PITCHED BEEPING NOISE through walls or floors?
Should I take revenge?
Spicy sausage!
Everyone who can know, does know.
My “friend” tried to convince me my fiancé was cheating so I exposed her to her parents.full on home alone
A boy spat on me and I got his dad to slap him
The Spite Fence
"If you don't do the Senior Project, then you won't walk during graduation." Well okay then. [Removed from /r/MaliciousCompliance for not being compliant enough]
You break my £1000 gundam collection and try to steal my game let’s make a deal
Crazy Vet Client Leaves Something Important Behind After Calling Me Incompetent
Butthole gives me a smirk so I steal his awards
Snooping? Guess I'll have to change that
Harassment by parking attendant leads to 25 years of not paying tolls
Bully ate all of my candy, so i made her throw it all up with a revenge fart.
Opposite time zone, get banned.
Snow Revenge on Local Government
My little revenge
How I gave my roommate strep
Enjoy the puppies!
Your nice new car has an oopsie
My wife is awesome
Giving It Back to a Line Cutter!
Trying to ruin my grade? Look out for your job then
Screwing with Covidiots
Clockn’t
Mother doesn't care about me, so i don't answer her calls and texts
Not Pay me imma destroy your buisness
My ex stalked me for 6 years and got blocked by people they admire.
What If I Sold My GF's Jewelry On Ebay?
Endanger my life, huh? Someone's taxes just went up.
I bullied the annoying kid in my school in the most subtle way possible
Me and the boys got some sweet YOKEtory on a cheating girlfriend
Cheep Skate Business That Took Advantage of Me Being Nice
Petty Pops
Loud neighbour
Bully me in class, enjoy the stank I let out in your general direction
Where has my sweeping broom gone?
Revenge for cancelled credit card
I went quite far in getting revenge on a girl who trash talked me
I need help with revenge
Uv mask
How I got back at my abuser
DO NOT TOUCH! I did, I touched it.
UPDATE to my previous post ‘Give me a huge task to do on my last day at work? Okay, I’ll leave it unfinished’.
How I ruined my brother's meal after he sabotaged my drink.
I won the argument
I got him in trouble with his friends
We argued on facebook and he went to friend jail.
The time I outed a homophobe
Sancho?
Be nasty to me will you?!
Portable Apple Watch Magnetic Charging Dock
Mess with my vacation.........you'll regert it
Dont want to do the dishes? Enjoy your mac and cheese fucker.
Is this wrong or just right?
Sister get what she deserves
Parking with no distance next to my driveway? Enjoy opening your car
My roommates boyfriend is a cheater
Revenge on a butthead
Mock me for being 2 minutes late? I’ll just have them open a second class.
Tailgate me? Hope you like cleaning your windshield!
Tailgater gets some high speed spit
Spread rumors about me? Have fun receiving emails!
Finally had enough of my cousin.
A “Certified Microsoft technician” called to “fix” my computer, I have fun wasting their time
I was mad at my dad so when he left his cold, fresh Coca-Cola with ice in it on the counter I microwaved it and now It's warm. Now I can hear him in the kitchen getting pissed off and pouring it into the sink.
Enjoy the puppies!
All this fighting over something so small
Enjoy the puppies!
Wanna harass me? Better make sure I am who you think..
You want $25 for a parking ticket, ok then, have fun counting it.
You want $25 for a parking ticket, ok then, have fun counting it.
Mess with a scammer's email
(22M) Why am I debilitated by the thought of my ex having sex with another person when I don’t want to have sex with them myself?
Girl tries making up lies about my bf
Don't want to help shovel? Enjoy not going anywhere.
Neighbor doesn't want to help? Guess you won't be going anywhere any time soon.
TV control in the breakroom
Breakroom TV control
brother slaps me i put needle under his sheets
RA discriminates against me and my friends; I take olfactory revenge
New flatmates are stealing my food and I had to give them a lesson!
guidance for revenge
You didn’t like that, huh...
Outhouse Bears Revenge
My neighbor threatened my family over grass, so I legally took over his lawn.
Always Change Your Defaults
Reality TV shutdown
Our neighbours steal our food takeaways all the time - we need a good prank to ensure they never do it again!
I poked a hole in my own air mattress
I damaged my own property
I poked holes in my own air mattress
New shampoo bottle? I'll pour it down the drain!
I poked holes in my own air mattress after it got stolen
Fun with scammers
I’m hiding toilet paper in my room.
Bought my brother in law horrible girlfriend a gift for her birthday
A satisfying smidge of pettiness
I got punched in the face
Be nice to the people weighing your salad
Fear the Mama Bear
Idiot D&amp;D player mocks the IT guy in the group, rolls a crit fail.
Not His Evening Fun
Oh you don’t want to move your cars? I’ll tow it thenWanna help me get my petty revenge
AITA for stiffing a server because she didn’t tip me?
Snow Storm Antics
I'll let you give me the Covid vaccine but I would have preferred a man around just in case.
Let people take breaks when they need it
Some Petty Revenge against my Managers
You are only my boss when I'm scheduled to work
Revenge on my landlord
Request: Where can I get a shitload of flowers for cheap?
Don’t be an ass to your support staff
“The irony of condescension is that it’s an unintelligent way of expressing one’s ‘superiority’”.. that’s all.
My sweet Mickey D's Karen
Family Fued: My grandmother's revenge
Sister thinks she better than me, yeah think again
Dumping your thrash in the nature? I think not....
How I got an emotionally abusive teacher FIRED
Not sure what he thought I would do on the way out.
Don’t call me fat again.
Draw it yourself? No problem
Now everyone can enjoy your plane!
You Make Me Do All The Science Fair Project! I’ll Throw You Under the (metaphorical) Bus!
You Make Me Do All The Science Fair Project! I’ll Throw You Under the (metaphorical) Bus!
You Make Me Do All The Science Fair Project! I’ll Throw You Under the (metaphorical) Bus!
The Ball Stalker
Fuck naturopathic doctors. A simple and short revenge story.
Husbands take too long to poop
Sonic revenge?
Sonic revenge on builders ruining my sunday morning
Semitrailer checkpoint, petty revenge
Too much?
You want to be an untrustworthy snake, I'll show you snakes
I told you it was broken
Fresh fries aren’t hot enough? Enjoy burning your mouth on these ones.
Boss cuts my hours in half
Ex does you dirty? Call the cops
Do Not Hurt the Tomatoes
I saw my step mother today while shoveling my car out of snow.
Logged into my google account? Screw you
You can beat sense with a hammer
A friend lied to me for over a year, so now I’m friends with their friend instead.
Hoard my dishes and don't clean up after yourself? I'll make you buy your own!
Dad stole my chocolates
Scammers call me every week. Sir, you called an abortion clinic
my brother wanted to ban me from Minecraft
I got some payback on my sister who loves to dirty things I just cleaned
I've been on strike from Little Ceasars for years.
So you dont think Im proactive enough... I'll show you what my job really is!
Oh, you’re honking at me? Thank you for reminding me to follow the rules!
I peed in my dad’s car to get back on him
Job Karen drives me out of my job, kills her own chances of getting back into hers.
How doing nothing is my greatest revenge
Want to rip me off through Ebay? Have a free (!) gift
I peed in my dad’s car to get back on him
Customer wanted to pay with a big note...I made sure she got her exact change
I called parking enforcement on my neighbors for a blocked driveway.
Stay late? Come late!
Argue with me? Enjoy a night of lockdown!
Park in my spot? I hope you like fish!
Psychocount
Sticky car interior
You refuse to compromise? Fine, I'll make it harder on both of us.
Give us a job threat for a christmas present....fine.
At my wedding my best friend got me the worst stripper ever to mount my face and out my glasses inside her,so.....
Universal disliked Manager keeps calling and texting me with work related things at home. Doesn’t expect consequences.
She stole my “winter candy apple” so I took her “frosted coconut snowman”
The dean of the faculty thought I served my purpose and wanted to replace me. Universe had other ideas.
Me and my older brother (OB) pooped in a den for revenge.
Manager told me to drive in a hailstorm then complained about vehicle damage
You dont have to, Grandma, but my stepmom will
Xbox child
Neighbours on the hook for £15k insurance bill that they could have avoided by spending £300 a year ago like we repeatedly told them
I baited my terrible neighbors into getting themselves in trouble
Give me a huge task to do on my last day at work? Okay, I’ll leave it unfinished.
Grandma wanted to clean my desk, so I made sure she had something to clean.
Should have stopped cheating on people
My dad woke me making a big mistake
Egg my car, lose $300
Racist Uncle Gets Banned
bad grandpa chronicles.
Follow for follow
My Brother Annoyed Me So I Made Him Hear Voices
I asked you nicely to stop bringing them into the office
Aunt Thinks COVID Is Hoax, Skips My Wedding
Tailgater ends up with a lot more than he bargained for. No brake checking involved
I’m not going to write your key words for our presentation, pull your own weight for once!
I worked with a Kyle in an AV project- we replaced him in the end
We're all a TEAM!
Not much but I still find it kinda funny.
Dorm room laundry
Don’t touch people’s clothes
I set up the guy who cut me off in double turn lane to get speeding ticket.
Don’t touch people’s clothing.
Pokemon Go is serious business
My mom is just great
A Widely Spoken Language
Spanish is a commonly spoken language guys
Spanish is a commonly spoken language guys
The vengeance of the tubby
Kid got me in trouble so I ratted him out
Student suspended over a paperHow I got revenge on my history Techer
It was Super Bowl Sunday 1990 – Pay Back Time
Old guy complains about his high sodium then calls me fat
Pray the gay away you say? I'm going to ruin this class for you.
Need inspiration!
Supervisor fires me for some bs, I insulted him, store manager finds out and fires him.
Man manipulated nurse into lending money, now blocked and not returned
I'm Hungry
I am Karma and Karmas a bitch!
Trapped the car that decided to stay right on my tail
So you being extra mean Roasting me? Well, I'm buying donuts for everyone as you work from home, Karen. I NEED ADVICE ON PETTY REVENGES
How i got back at a company prevent me from progression
Is this too petty or
Sweet Gooey Liquid-Squirts In Your Mouth....
Don’t Drink and Drive Around People You Have Insulted
BEWARE OF LOCAL SPEED TRAPS!
Anti-maskers
My Petty Revenge Ended my Parents Marriage and Caused my Dad to Attempt His Life
You my son, get everything and for you? The clock is ticking
The $100 shortage becomes $700
So I was building a sandcastle the other day when this happened...
I got a $20 parking ticket and emailed the Mayor how bs it was...then gave a lawyer $150 retainer to look over how to get out of it.....wtf is wrong with me...
Need ideas! Please help.
Can I ask for suggestions here?
Parent Meeting Because of Chinny Chin Chin
Watch where you are going!
Talking trash about her
Non-Commissioned Officer treats lower enlisted like crap over something he has no control over and loses out on a promotion.
Keep your trash to yourself!
Keep your used masks to yourself!
My classmate always gets me late to class, so I made them miss the entire thing
My classmate always gets me late to class, so I made her miss the whole thing!
My classmate always gets me late to class, so I made her miss the whole class
Customer's own teenagers enforce the petty revenge
Dont mess with Bilingual tourists, or else..
Pettybetty
So u want to continue screaming at me for breaking ur ds even though i said i would pay? i will waist all of ur time!
Serial moocher got her love life ruined
I instigated a fight between my ex and his gf after he cheated on me
Picard and Riker, leading the future with petty revenge
Claim that I’m bullying you?
The Ding Dong D*ckheads
Her moocher ways cost her her love life
A-hole Workmate Has Saturday Ruined
Ex fiance turned lodger refused to buy toilet roll when it was his turn, so I changed the agreement without him knowing.
I stopped my bullies from getting any jobs
RiP Wall Street Bets
psychotic little peep fangirl gets karma
My epic revenge story
Go ahead, try your luck with my toiletries
My revenge on shit father cheated on my mother
I narc'd on my corner grocery for selling me Folgers in a local roaster's bag
How I'd make the bank lose money by making additional credit card payments
Using me for a shortcut? Have fun getting out of the thorns!
Not going fast enough for you?
Co-worker made fun of my performance and shared it with her friends, I got her out of office
Use up all the gas in the tank..well I'll show you!
We're partners now!
Revenge against a woman who treated me like garbage
Walgreens worker has my back after customer shames me for having my period.
Fine don't apologize. I'm still having it my way
how I ended up paying $80 to fix something I didn't even cause.
She yelled at me for walking on her property. I confirm it's not her property. Revenge ensues.
HELP! Need to get revenge on my evil neighbors!
I think I out-Karened the Karen
I was right and you were wrong!
Previous Jerk Home Owner
Mail Box TKO (Total Knock Out)
Petty to the person I’m dating.
Honk at me in my own driveway? Enjoy being blocked in!
Social Butterfly petty revenge
revenge
Tattooist calls out my tattoo artist for “photoshop”, gets hundreds of thousands of views/promo for him instead in reposts.
more so of asking
Don't ride my ass when I'm already going 10 over
Talk sh*t to a camp counselor? Enjoy that stone wall to the face!
Only e-mail me Fridays after 5 p.m.? Two can play that game.
Quit, Then got Promoted!
Spaz vs. the Dunk Contest
Quit, ten got Promoted!
Company got the dump they deserved
The story of how I got out of a bad car loan
"I was attacked by a karen
Want chicken nuggets. Great Idea I'm kinda hungry!
Petty Revenge over football backfires on friend, backfires again more seriously on target of petty revenge who tried to get revenge for petty revenge.
Wanna be sexist? Get ready for a long shift
Living well truly is the best revenge.
I get revenge on a girl who stole thousands from a store we worked at
Growing my hair out of spite just to shave it
My influencer friend facetuned me in a picture, so I exposed her
Don't mess with me and my milk! Part 2
Signing my stalker up for spam calls and impersonating him on Grindr
Back of the (mental) queue for you
Sweet Sweet Revenge
Leaving my job and taking all the job related documents
Went to fast for customer so I slowed down just for her! ;)
Justice served on high school bully
Don't overestimate my kindness
Take the last piece of pizza from my child, try my plate next time.
Pretended not to understand strangers insulting me in a different language, just so I could get back at them laterLocal McDonalds is strict about double orders? Fine, I'll play by your rules.
Should I be petty?
Boss fired me for checking on the development of my baby so I deleted his business website!
Got fired for checking on the development of my baby. I deleted his business website!
Got fired by my boss for checking on the development of my baby. I deleted his website!
Keeping neighbor's packages
Beach line cutters
park your bus outside of a handicap lady’s house? think again
Kiss Me, I'm Irish-ish
Hello reddit, I need your help.
Framed a happy coworker
My horny grandmother was ruining my sex life
I mixed drugs in my grandmother's medicine for trying to ruin my sex life
My horny grandmother is ruining my sex life
My horny grandmother is ruining my sex life
My horny grandmother is ruining my love life
My horny grandmother is ruining my sex life
My horny is ruining my life
My horny grandmother is ruining my sex life
My horny grandmother is ruining my sex life
Take me to court over $10? Here's 1000 pennies.
New supervisor micromanaging, what could go wrong?
Ditching me once will cost you $90!
Get everyone in trouble for shit you do too? Have fun flipping your socks every day.
Revenge on COVID partygoers
Don't bring an LED spotlight to a Halogen light fight.
You bullied me for 10 years, and now you reach out to me?
I got revenge on a nasty eventing competitor
I’m so jaded apparently this is petty revenge.
Get Drunk, Karen
"It's just a scratch"
Prom dress revenge
Unlike you, I‘m a guest
Discredit me behind my back - get screwed on your project
Awful Roommate Revenge- POLICE INVOLVED
Little white lie leads to big consequences
Hoping I'm staying within guidelines (TLDR AT BOTTOM)
Didn't feel like walking an extra block
Dad Helps My Friend And Me Get Back At Middle School Bully: AKA Why You Should Never Anger A Dad Who Happens To Be An Engineer. (XPost from r/ProRevenge)
You bullied me for a decade, and now you try and reach out to me?
Someone complained that my project manager would say "two birds one stone"...
Why chain chairs together?
Don't call me lazy!
lol
Try to Tip my Porta Potty Hope You Like Duck
Good luck getting home
Revenge is best served cold, very cold
Invite your girlfriend over after being told not to because of CoVid regulations? Enjoy air for dinner.
Call me a dog? Avoid getting punished
My Boss Tried to Blackmail Me
Stupid ahole ruins my minecraft server and blocks me on discord after insulting me buuuuut!
I hate your bright lights
If you cut off my ponytail I will tax your ass later
Ultrasound tech shows me who’s boss
Manager didn't have internet access to approve time sheets
I Just wanted my driveway back and my dumpster left alone.
I used than anonymous app to “expose” a girls fake IG persona
I stopped the Scripture phone calls
Total Karen: Marina Landscape INC., West Garden Grove Boulevard, Orange, CA
Don't park in my brother in law's spot.
Don’t get shitty with me
Reddit Switcheroo
Revenge on Bad boss
Wrong number lady...show me your boobs
Revenge for my transphobic disgusting stalker?
Small act of revenge on my little cousin
I destroyed my sister's make up brushes and pallettes
Little revenge prank on my little cousin
An Absolute jerk almost kills me so I get him fired (and worst) expelled
Advice for dealing with downstairs neighbor?
My school is a snob
I got my high school bully fired during the pandemic.
i have a question on a way to get revenge
A Small Win Against My Personal Aaron Burr
Client insists on certain TV programming, I abide with a bit of "technically the truth"
Please flag Craigs spammer Ok...this is extreme.
My younger brother is a little shit
The April Fools Pranks of '92 and '93
Among Us Revenge so satisfying
This is a short but sweet act of revenge for a rude email for being a furry
Addicted Step Cousin tried to claim my house
Act like a ass tome i shave my pubes with your razor
If you want to delay us, then we can delay you
Olive Loaf Vengeance Was Mine
My ex was vegetarian and I let her eat meat.
I paid $5 to ruin someone's expensive outfit!
Bad Roommates
Bad Roommates
Bad Roommates
Getting out of a bad roommate situation
My brother hogs the pc
https://www.reddit.com/r/pettyrevenge/comments/l1hy7y/ruined_my_neighbors_high/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=iossmf
Ruined my Neighbor’s High
Ruined my Neighbor’s High?
Ruined my Neighbor’s High?
Immature Ex Gets What’s Coming to Her
Snapping customer gets served
Snapping customer gets served
Wife’s best friend husbands co-worker tried hitting on my wife
Petty Revenge on AmazonMIL wanted to ruin the bachelorette weekend, so there was one more party game.
I know it's trashy, but......
Toxic coworker tries to micromanage me, humiliates herself in a meeting
Pizza hut has f$cked with me for the last time
Steal the USB for my mouse? Get zip-bombed
Work for your grades if you want good ones
Mess with my hair dont get mad when i respond
Petty non-illegal ways to make a commercial tenant miserable when I can't evict them
Ex recorded me at my worst so he got what he deserved.
Out-stinking crappy neighbors
He never messed with me again
No sleepovers allowed with boys, girls only!
And she never bugged me about it again
Petty revenge for not waiting their turn
Upstairs neighbors decided to watch a loud action movie at 3am.
Maskless
Maskless
Clever Help Wanted
The WiFi Password
You won’t let me pass during traffic? Well two can play the same game
I pranked my roommate who ate my food, but not in the typical sense, and he moved out.
Kid says he's going to beat me up, ok try it!
You say you're going to kick my ass. Lets see.
I don’t care
Steal From Me, I'm Gonna Make Sure You Lose Your Kids
Friend hogs snacks, good luck getting your bag!
I hope the two seconds saved while overtaking me on a residential street were worth it.
crazy aunt with shit politics
Need help with some petty revenge?
Stickers
AITA for teaching a 10 year old a four letter word?
I made my sister lose $20 in a card game
touch football scammer on Vancouver Craigslist; Help! Please flag
Got scammed but have his home address.
The Clarinet
Try to charge me for cancelling a subscription? Nice try Adobe.
I don't need protection!
Peak Pettiness And I Loved It
Lets attempt to get someone banned because they won't tell on their brother
I need help getting revenge!
Jeep man is MAD about parking
Well excuse me...
Try to charge me for cancelling a subscription? Nice try Adobe.
OK, so you cut me in line. Now you get to wait WAY longer before leaving the store!
Work for your grades if you want good ones.
I slipped in an olive
Call me disgusting? Enjoy wasting 10 extra minutes of your life
Stinky Dad Prank
Don't be rude to parking enforcement
YouTube celebrity, unpaid tab and revenge
Elbows vs. kick
Dealing with people riding on the bumper
Mispronounce my rapper name? I’ll embarrass you in class.
Oh, you need to use the sink right now? Go ahead!
Oh you need to use the sink right now? Go right ahead!
Found out my bf was a pickup artist - stayed in the relationship to ruin his fave food for him
The best way to deal with high beams in your mirrors
My best friend was sleeping on my birthday.
Who's smiling now?
Who's smiling now?
Who's smiling now?
My cat is the King of Petty
Don't care about ruining my clothes? I guess I'll just let you pay more.
Try to cut the line? Sure, you can go before me when I'm next
I need revenge
I let someone cut in front of me in traffic to irritate the asshole behind me
Asshole neighbors girlfriend
Eat my snacks from the company fridge? I'll make sure you break that habit.
Little girl, big surprise.
Don’t ruin my anniversary
Pick on me as a kid.....get your just desserts. Pun intended.
Don’t steal other boy’s sodas!
Want to keep blocking my car in the driveway? Ok!
You wanna be the worst neighbor ever? Let's see you sweat a little
Beating my step cousin with being better.
How I rick rolled my boyfriend. Now he's scarred for life.
Miscount press ups
You take all the doughnuts? Try this one.
Please stop making Life a competition.
3 years of petty
Helpful reminder: Jim isn’t at this number
Moonshiners, food stamps, and shady people. What happened at the DHR/Health Dept when I went one day
Fuck Taco Bell
School goes behind my back and wastes $1200 and a week when I could fix the problem in less than an hour.
Old and New ideas
Blast your stereo while my baby sleeps? Enjoy the choir!
Delivery guy lied about security officer performance to her face and doesn’t get away with it
Revenge on older brother
Gloria
You wanna be the worst neighbor ever? I'll let you sweat it out alittle...
My Slimy Revenge On My Teacher
You want to be the worst neighbor ever? Let's see you sweat a little.
My dog gets revenge for me
My awesome neighbour
Revenge on tormenting older brother
You don’t honor my original hours, I don’t honor your schedule.
Did not replace the toilet roll
Never, and I mean NEVER, hit an abused dog
She ruined my ONE chance to sleep in, so I taught her a hard lesson about shared walls.
Revenge on the sales manager, for the childrenOperation Elimination
Cat gets stinky revenge on my roommate
Kid cuts my class, so he gets a 0 on an assignment
My dog gets revenge on my dad
I'll can take so much bs.
How about I just shit in your boot!?
EN has to wait in line
Refuse to refund my money for misrepresentation of services? Have fun being investigated by the government
My cheating grandmother got her just deserts!
Got a Waiter in Trouble With His Manager
If you’re going to be rude...
Stupid car driver or just blind
Almost ruined the play, but I shut his smug mouth right up
Girl makes my friend feel fat, I make her feel like a loser
Spammer defends right to spam medical clinic, employee uses that same logic to ensure it will never happen again
Cut my hours with no notice? I'll start my new job with no notice
Best served chilled
Uncle throws a fit about how we removed a fence, so we put it back
Revenge is a beverage from a region in France
Post not seen in feed
Need some tips on some petty revenge for spitting in my shoes.
Made the company who issued me a wrong parking ticket apologise
A friend of mine wronged me for the last time
Nasty customer comes into my restaurant job every week, orders something, eats half of it before sending it back and getting another entree for free. So, today we called the cops and got her a ticket for illegally parking in our handicap spot each time she comes.
Quick question. Is it illegal to ship a box of cat shit to somebody that scammed you out of $500? Asking for a friend
Karen swims with the fish
Having no upper body strength was her downfall.
Yeah, that's MY security deposit.
Don’t try to avoid your civic duty
Better luck next time for lying about your marks
Play gospel when you’re not there then threaten me? Blocked access!
You want to call me at 2:30 am and call me an ass when I don’t want to get you food? Have fun calling everyone an ass.
You want to call me a dick? I’ll make sure you call everyone a dick.
Nosey senior citizen neighbors Like To noise complaint me all the time
Boomer Neighbors like to noise complaint me
Pushy sales rep runs for his life
Awful Step Dad
My family got back at my stepmom at my dads funeral.
Keep changing your mind? Well I guess I will too.
I got a bully in trouble.
Rant and rave about my review? Enjoy a problem on a busy weekend.
Petty revenge pro tip
Prank war
Aggressive driver gets a ticket... Because of me.
Make me feel awful every time I talk to you? Fine, I won't tell you about something you're excited for.
Don't like to use a bin less than 5 ft from your car - OK then
Random redditor wouldn’t stop messaging after a firm No, so I deleted my account on him.
A pre-emptive revenge elevator post
Cheating is very bad.
Never Cheat :)
Found out my ex (boyfriend) was a pick up artist - ruined one of fave food for him
No commission for you!
I tricked my classmate into submitting a test completely wrong
I present a group project alone
I shoved poop through a mail slot
I shoved poop through a mail slot
Snipe my parking spot? Fine.
My first petty revenge
I have redone a group project on one evening, because my group mates were really lazy
Whenever I get tailed, on the highway, I hold down my windshield wiper spray.
I redid a project, without my teammates
Roomate
Just use your own computers
I screwed over the people who filmed my date as a "social experiment"
Made my pick up artist (ex) boyfriend regret our breakup and ruined one of his fave foods for him
Ruined someone's day because he's a prick
NSFW Petty revenge on scumbag guy
Today my bully got his lesson!
My explanations are worthless huh, okay then ..
I embarrassed my insane 3rd grade teacher at his own accidental request
I embarrassed my verbally abusive third grade teacher on the last day of class
How I stuck it to the big banks
Me being petty the fist time in my adult life about my dog
Fresh Rice
you want to be rude, well hope you like endless phone calls
Get me in trouble at work? I’ll get you in trouble at school!
Take my parking spot?
Revenge on the lighter thief
Reverse petty revenge
Got revenge by playing my games on full volume
Told former employer,I’ll come back to work.so I can get my last check
I steal my brother's weed all the time cos he's a lazy filthy piece of shit slob.
My brother is a lazy slob so I steal his weed cos he's careless.
The late customer
Customer Flips out over the word 'courtesy', loses out on fee waiver
Little kid grudges grow up, too
Just use your own computers
That's bad like really BAD
I just want to know first
Verkaufe meine nudes auf Instagram Milaa.ga &lt;3
No this is not Hazel
My private life is not your entertainment.
That's a lot of yellow
How to annoy and ex 101
I need help, Reddit.
Didn’t have change for a 50 dollar bill
Karma train
Stop stealing my paper
Bacon Is The Name Of The Game
Bacon Is The Name Of The GameSteal the project topic you know nothing about? Good luck doing it without help.
Roommate embarrassed me, I do it back
I have the same one, but it's different!
Child con artist
Learn how to knock!
The sweet stink of revenge..
how i got revenge on my bully
Your make fun of me and my sister ok i will punch your teeth in
The dean thought I served my usefulness and replaced me; Universe had other ideas.
Call the cops on me, well enjoy the music.
Roomie steals my things so I cleaned her toothbrush!
Neighbor hogs shared driveway, gets ticketed and fined
Neighbor abuses shared driveway, hope you can pay the fines
I can’t have friends over? Enjoy losing my streaming services
Short simple revenge
Pissbaby
Bully my friend and destroy my discord server? Enjoy your ban!
Fist full of poop
Neighbour complaining about my cousin playing being "too loud" calls cops on me
Petty? Yes. Dumb? Maybe. But I had to do it
The Professor in my subject always pressuring me for time and telling me I won't pass his subject, I had to do something and prove him wrong
The Professor in my subject always pressuring me for time and telling me I won't pass his subject, I had to do something and prove him wrong
The Professor in my subject always pressuring me for time, I had to do something even if stupid
Please flood this number
Got bullied out of a rental house by 5 roommates. They seemed to forget I that own most of the shared appliances.
.:Bully Me? My Father Works With Yours:.
Won't walk in the right side of the barrier? Hope your bag didn't rip too bad.
Roll the dice, let's see what happens (Long)
My Upstairs Neighbors Started Fighting So I Played Them a Song
Friend Triangle Breakup???
Pass my legal opinions off as your own? I’ll add a choice reference material!
he picked the wrong target.
How I got back at a teacher for making the whole class read, even if they didn't want to!
Write me a referral because I stood at my bus stop, prepare to be slightly inconvenienced!
Treat me like I'm worthless? Hold on while I set you back 6 months
Leave a Mess for Me?
Spies and lies
Yes I’m petty
I got revenge on the school bully.
My ex called me "Manipulative"...
Bad date left me with the bill, I left him with a surprise
Don’t Park Like a Jerk
Local Contractor kept filling my giant haul away dumpster at night when i left.
Taste of your own medicine
Annoying neighbors get woken up early in the morning because of loud music
Sell behind my sisters back, I will waste your time
cheat on me? Cry like i did!
.:How I Got Back At My Middle School Bully:.
Young girl being abnoxious, gets mouth full of fart.
You don't have to tip me, but your vanity plate doesn't have to brag about your money either, so...
Exposing my “girlfriend” as a guy
Little girl made me miserable so I framed her with a forged letter and stole her friends
Teacher argues that I have to write neater so I get revenge
I posted this in r/confessions and they told me it should be here.
Idaho Snowman (the not plagiarized version)
The longest petty revenge iv had so far.
Texas Snowman
My ex thinks he’s going to be a famous musician. I just made two TikTok accounts: one with his band name and one with his name, so that if he ever wants to be on there for music he’ll have to buy them from me. Eat it, loser.
Shitty customer (vague details)
All that glitters Isn't Gold.
girl plays me and almost breaks up my friend group
Mess with my lil bro, enjoy cold feet.
Horrible Housemates
PoS teacher gets what she deserved
Muted on my "Bad Advice" FB group
The Guinness Story
Then Guinness Story
Revenge is a dish bets served cold
You have to read this...
Check this out
Petty White
I love being petty.
Don't Touch My Laundry! Reading about the laundry woes of others has reminded me of my own experience
Lady wanted to get drinks free, so I made them worth that price...
cause spose was so pissed so only thing i can do is throw this out there and have craig get some replays on how dumb this makes him.
I didn't have the item for 2 weeks; I only had it for 10 days!
"I didn't have the item for 2 weeks. I only had it for 10 days"
Won’t stop eating all my snacks? Fine, I’ll make sure you can’t eat them.
Got cold feet? Here's a burn to warm them up!
Neighbor kids try picking on my brother, I dumped poop on them
You want to keep the tree? Fuck your car.
If you're going to be impatient you can wait longer.
Copy of me accuse me ,well good luck dealing with karma.
e
Copy of my test and accuse me ,Well enjoy detention and 0 marks on 2 (important) tests
copy from me and accuse me ,Well karma is an thing
Copy from my test ,Well karma is an thing
Copy of my test ill expose you
Copy of my test ill expose you
Copy of my test ill make sure u fail
Cheat of my test and accuse me of cheating ill make sure u fail
Cheat of me and accuse me of cheating ill make sure u fail
1st 5min free
Cheat of me and accuse me of cheating enjoy detention
Cheat of me and accuse me of cheating ill make sure u fail
Cheat of my test and accuse me of cheating ill make sure u fail!
Cheat of me and accuse me of cheating ill make sure u fail
need help getting petty revenge
How the Captain got a Trout from Scotland
BallsI NEED HELP DOING SOMETHING PETTY
Pissed ants
Former friend tries to ruin my evening by teaming up with a girl who hates me.
How I got back on my teacher for calling me a lair.
You push me I fire you
That's my husband.
My ex cursed me for serving him like a doting mother would care for her child. My revenge is that I'll forgive him for not even apologising!
Chewing Tobacco
Belittle me? I'll smack the cigarette off your mouth
Kid makes fun of me for something. They do it themselves and stop
Art thief gets trolled
Get trolled art stealer.
Steal art and leave? I'll make random accounts to troll you.
You're a picky eater and ignorant. Let's see you enjoy my culture/food
Entitled kid INSISTS he plays fnaf 4
Ignore my 1 rule, enjoy flashbacks of poop water when you eat soup.
pickly revenge
The one time I took revenge on my entitled parents...
It was petty but it felt good
I used a person's word against them
Don't cry when your words are used against you
Girl gets hit with her own words
Gloaty Mc.Gloaster got hit with her own words
Anyone know good revenge?
Never mess with the computer nerd
kid manipulates me so I ruin his life
Won't allow the bartender to turn down the jukebox volume.. Okay.. Listen to music you didn't play!
Don't deliver as promised? Pay my extra living cost then.
Moved across the country for a job opportunity, old apartment was shady with my deposit.
Crushed chips
I may be too big to retaliate, but my little brother isn't
Keep Stealing My Pens? I’ll Embarrass You in Front of the Class
Is this technically revenge porn?
I had an anti maskers customer at work.
Lady yells at me about my luggage on a flight
Put your pubes in my cigarette box I'll get revenge!
I punched my sister
Was very petty about Disney plus to my sister
Ruined a man's night for ruining the only time I had with an old friend.
So you like being mean? And goodbye.
Guy parks in my parking space, so I block him in for about 3 hours.
Bullies Stink
Bullies Stink
"Goat, Free to good home, bought lawnmower, don't need no more!"
Take my headphones because you broke yours? Good luck charging them.
She's not coming to this Culver's anymore
Karen's convoy
I’m the only one who replaces the toilet paper roll
Ask me if I know the sex of the baby when I'm not pregnant I'll make you feel like shit.
Messy behaviour will cost you $20
Glitter Bomb
Made winter hell for my beloved cheap uncle.
Returning your garbage
Cheating girlfriend made me homeless at Xmas.
A very petty chipmunk
Our friend got butthurt because someone accidentally moved him in Discord
NATURAL PET BOUNCE For Pet Arthritis-Let Your Pet Run Healthy In Half ...
Want to Be Rude, I'll make sure you don't get what you want
"go talk to your girlfriend we don't wanna talk to you!" lemme take you up on that offer....
nop
Noone can beat this level of savagness
You want me to paint?
My gf cheat on me after a 4 year relationship..so i tricked her and her boytoy outta the house in the middle of the night and then threw all her shit out and slept unpeacefully
The (not so) great change war.
My stepsister was a brat so I made something cool and didn't show her how
I am out for revenge. I need to know how petty I should get.
Petty pennies
Any revenge tips if I have the person’s phone number?
I got my sexual harasser out of the guild
Don't know how to use indicators? Well I don't know how to use the accelerator.
Just another uber
Ban me from the game for petty reasons? I'll take away your host privileges
The millennium falcon
Don’t use my soap!
They had the audacity to encourage censoring my cute animal photos in a group I helped build. They can do their own jobs now as I take all my content with me.
Don’t steal my kayak again I warned my neighbor
Spend Money On My Account? Looks Like I Messed Something Up And You Have To Pay Me.
My petty revenge
If I obey the rules so will you!
This girl is next level petty
Steal 20 dollars from me? Hope you like Pepsi.
My MIL insists on breaking my one rule.
I had 1 rule for Xmas no News on the TV, MIL insists on watching the news.
Pick up your damn dog poop!
Karma's a bitch, bitch
petty new year’s revenge
Drink my coke enjoy bathroom problems
Not my petty revenge story but my teacher's on me
Tease me for 4 years? Payback time!
Make fun of my mask? Take my karate kick!
Make fun of my mask? Take my karate kick!
Leave your trash for everyone else? Let me get that for you
Steal my iPod? Fuck your laptop. A story from 2007.
Mess with my noodles? Here have the result
Have it your way
Retaliated to my exes BF and possibly her harassing me for months and it ended their relationship
Revenge on my Bio Mom
Bully gets embarrassed after sexually harassing a girl
Call the cops, enjoy my neighbors parking
Open my packages? You're in for a surpriseFriendly cashier takes Karen down a peg
Abuse the staff but can’t work a computer? Why yes I’ll delete your porn!
You want an open relationship? Sure!
Smug housemate got what she deserved
Please help with my problem with my neighbor
Don't plan on sending us a Christmas card? Now you look like the jerk
No street parking.
I got this mean girl’s Instagram account banned
I Got this mean girls main fan account banned on Instagram
Please help me for a petty revenge against my neighbors
Want to sit by the window seat? Okay.
Tips on how to get Revenge on an ex-friend
3 Days
My (28M) Girlfriend cheated twice. My revenge is simple.
Family friend who made fun of my sisters infertility
have another return
I ruined my father's and step-mother's wedding day.
stealing room mate get to eat spicy food
Check out my montage,if you like it pls like and subscribe
school bully stole victims money and tried to frame me he tolled my neighbor and he f**ked up
Want to be a shitty neighbour, enjoy an inconvenient life.
Do you canoe?
Asshole Driver
the tale of chairs.
Take my chair, this is war.
Enjoy cleaning coagulated eggs off of your car!
Plow man is my hero
Get deja vu'ed
Gold digger ends up homeless
Online Shopping
Lazy Lover
Lazy Lover Revenge
supermarket cashier give me no good morning
Boss gets a wake up call
Shower loogies no more!
My house, my rules...
No black eyed peas for Karens
Ongoing revenge
You abused me and now gaslight me i am going to ruin your new year’s eve
I am going to give you a real reason to call me crazy
I ak going to give you a real reason to call me crazy
Sister refuses to smile... Gets told to eat a literal bag of dicks.
Boyfriend won't refill the keurig
I Won't Pay For Your Order
If That's How You're Going to Be, I Won't Pay for You
Inconsiderate in the Drive-Thru Line? I Won't Pay for You.
You steal my Uber account info, I'll send a literal box of shit to your house.
You steal my Uber account info? I'll send a literal box of shit to your house.
Never underestimate a guy who loves his dog and has way too much time on his hands.
I overcharge and pocket the money of customers that won’t wear masks
My future revenge
Annoying landlord
You complain about someone taking a long time at the register, I'll just make you wait longer
Stab me in the back?...Get yourself FIRED!!!
Want to keep riding my ass when im already going over the speed limit ? Okay have fun being behind two cars going the exact speed limit.
Dickhead
Monkey from the zoo gets a satisfying little revenge towards the kids who harassed him
I'm getting revenge NOW
Want me to speed up? How bout' SLLLOOOOOOOOOOOOOOooooooooooo...
Keep using my Netflix profile, mysterious family member
The Pettiest Revenge *I think*
Looking for some crap
I’ve finally got my own back on noisy Dracula
I uno reversed a discord troll
Did you really told a disabled person to park somewhere else?
Dont guess my ethnic background
Dont guess my ethnic background
Bully my friend? Have fun trying to sleep tonight
Block us in? We block you in
I'm a bad human being but: Someone dinged my car while I was sitting inside of it. The guy watched me as he did it. There was more than enough room, but he just yeeted his door onto my car. I opened my car door onto his car after he said he wouldn't apologise for it.
I don’t want your hush money, but I know someone who does.
Ugly little liar
If I can’t relax then neither can you
I introduce the neighbors screaming grandkids to a fun new song
Don’t annoy me otherwise I’ll hit you back with a sweet sweet revenge.
So you want to park where you shouldn't?
Fire me? I'm taking my plaque, it's got my name on it
Have fun being Grandmas new IT dude
Not sure is it belongs here, but seems Petty to me.
No more cigarette butts!!!!
“Why aren’t you listening to me?! Are you deaf?!” Yes, yes I am.
help wanted
Adult who doesn’t want to adult
Hide and Seek
Hide and Seek, Sucker
Congrats on becoming school president! I hope you know how to play politics.
Want to sleep in my bed? Try finding the ten pencils I've hidden in the sheets 😏 just kidding theirs only one!
Have fun making quota by yourself!
He won the battle, I won the war.
7 tips to calm pets at the holidays ~ Astronauts Developers
Maths professor gets what he deserves, 10 years after.
Oh, so you want me to do All the work? Your car will have oil all right....
You Won’t Let Me Use The Bathroom?
How’s this for one of the most diabolical, two year planned, petty revenge stories involving my ex?
How to sign someone up for telemarketing calls
Petty Facebooking revenge of a complete stranger
Gonna obsess over my bathroom use and purposefully occupy the bathroom during my usual times to make me late? I’ll make you get up at all hours of the night and get you fired from your day job!
If You Give A Man A Cookie.
I was a personal Poltergeist for 8 guys for 4 months on board a ship.
The Smack Heard ‘Round The WorldGet me expelled, have fun ;)
Get me expelled, have fun ;)
Getting scalpers what they deserve
Oh so you think I’m stupid?
Last year's quips
Watch where you're going...
She thought she almost hit us
update: I painted my pool green after my neighbour complained about our green pool
Were all those dick pics worth $40?
My shitty brother.
Burnt toast? Don't mind if I do
How to rid religious door knockers in one easy trick
A scammer tried to scam me so I cheated him out of $1000
Try and get into my fiancé’s pants? Get ready to sign as a witness to our wedding.
Sweet, sweet revenge
Don’t TOUCH the jukebox till you’ve used up your 63 credits? Got it!
I scammed a scammer out of $1000
Low hanging fruit revenge
Revenged Government Worker &amp; Neighbours With One Shot
Revenged Local Pig &amp; Neighbours In One!
Revenged Government Pig &amp; Nasty Neighbours In One!
Not sure why you’re mad, I didn’t TOUCH the jukebox like you said...
Revenged Law Enforcement &amp; Neighbours In One!
Revenged Government Pig &amp; Neighbours In One!
Revenged Local Po.lice &amp; Neighbours In One!
Revenged The Police &amp; Abusive Neighbours In One!
Interfering brother in law misses out on annual Christmas tradition
You should have let me gone home
Am going to count
The Toilet Paper Wars!
Aways putting me down? Let me give you taste of your own medicine
Prank call gone wrong.
You're docking my wages? Ok then, fine.
Enjoy your FIFTIETH birthday, mom
(Meta) Why do so many posts follow the exact same "Do a thing? I'll do this" title?
Sure, pile it all on
Have fun waiting. After nearly dying twice in a day I have better things to do!
Interfering brother in law misses out on annual Christmas tradition
I Bumper Stickered A Bully
The Toilet Paper Wars: A Party Boy Story
Dont properly wear your mask? Fine. Clean up after me.
Willing endanger yourself and others? Clean up my mess thanks
Taking my colleague out to a ball game
I got my teacher fired by jumping out a window
How many times do I have to explain it to you? I'm NOT afraid of snow, you jerk!
StoryTime: My boyfriend got evicted because his neighbor's were mad we had a 3some... and it got petty.
Say vaccines cause autism? I prove you wrong in from if the whole class.
So you won’t give me a clean towel!
Learning from being that slacker in the group
Do you want it all for yourself? So take it
Seeking ideas for gross or real wrong revenge on roommate
Bro wore my clothes and shoes and refused to wash them, so I made him go to boarding school with one pair of underwear.
Take the car I paid for? Good luck finding the dead fish in it
Prank call gone wrong.
City tells neighbor to paint his house
Air Force shenanigans
Plagiarise my friends work, then belittle me. Enjoy redoing all the subject work.
Very petty
Trespass ? Enjoy walking into a horror movie
Trespass on our land? Enjoy walking into a horror movie.
Trespass on our land? Enjoy walking into a satanic looking scene.
1,443 nude photos of Thai King’s mistress leaked in a bizarre ‘revenge porn’
Enjoy your morning coffee
Try to out-loud the musicians? Bet.
How can i get petty revenge on my annoying neighbors without disturbing everyone else in the building?
"Sorry but only the coordinators get to eat these"
Did I manifest my ex’s death? Tw: death/drugs
Get drunk on new years Eve? Enjoy your presents.
A victim of the ps4-box trick takes his vengeance.
Originally posted to AITA, but got removed for being revenge. (How i get back at my sister for leaving the toilet seat wet)
Originally posted on AITA, but got deleted for being revenge. (How I deal with my sister's leaving piss on the toilet seat)
Karen gets mad at the way I bag her clothes.
How my brother and I let our bully drink cologne
I found out my gross ex was talking crap about me with my old coworkers...
So I txted the guys family...
Laugh after parking like an ass? Both my car and myself are a whole lot smaller than you are.
“Once she moves out of the way, grab them”
Petty revenge on 8 year old girl. Felt pretty good.
Petty revenge on 8 year old girl. Felt pretty good.
I conspired against an 8 year old girl, she ended up crying and I don't feel the least bit guilty.
Park like an a-hole? No worries, hope you can climb.
Crappy GTA Player gets Crappy Results
The Christmas where Mother Nature got some petty revenge for me!!
Annoy me with your laziness then expect to be in a bad mood!
My glow up gave me the revenge I wanted
Help me get my petty revenge on a hacker!
My Response Letter to Karen, aka Mrs.Grinch
Response letter to Karen, aka Mrs.Grinch
Cruel Secret Santa present
Brother constantly eats my snacks,so I ate his snack and he was furious.
follow these gems and spam them
Revenge on an incredibly rude customer Christmas shopping, petty style.
it wont be just one way(sorry for spelling
Leave your underwear in the family room....
Did i manifest my exs death? Tw:drugs/death
Wanna blast music outside my window? Fine, now we both have a headache.
Wanna blast music outside my window? Fine, now we both have a headache.
Wanna blast music outside my window? Fine, now we both have a headache.
My Petty Revenge Story
My petty revenge storyMother and Daughter don’t follow social distancing rules, ends up regretting it.
The time I potentially ruined someone’s chances at ever going to his top college picks
A lady wouldn't leave me alone while I packed groceries, so I took longer than need be
Lady keeps bothering me as I'm putting groceries away, so I take longer than necessary
Help me spam this guy that stole!!
I got revenge on my friends that were mean to me
My friends destroyed my building in minecraft so I made them lose 2 days of their life
Friends burned down my building I made them lose two days of their life
you shouldn't have left all work to me
Yay or nay?
Interfering brother in law misses out on Christmas tradition
Lady honks at me while putting groceries away, and has to wait longer as a result
You want the script copies? You can have them.
HELP! How do I get petty revenge on a guy who ghosted me during our long distance relationship?
Ex bought himself a gift as a gift to me... So I did the same
Come and get it yourself
Relatives took our hospitality for granted, so I sent them a package back
Relatives took our hospitality for granted, so I sent them a package back
Mock me? Ejoy your handful of change.
Who wants to help me get petty revenge on a pedo rapist
If you're annoying me on purpose, I'm not gonna help you out
I kinda ruined some people's high school careers. Shoutout to the Feces Foursome, I'm sorry.
Bully me and my friends? I'll slap you in front of a teacher
"Its to complicated"
Oops.... I'm sorry you lost power
Steal my packages? Enjoy this garbage
My boyfriend poisoned someone
My girlfriend wouldn’t tell the truth
None of your business how I got my wife to her Mom's house
My ex girlfriend wouldn’t tell the truth so I let her actions tell it for her
How to deal with ungrateful parents this Chrismas
Don’t take my fucking cart!
My uncle left trash in my car
Junior counselors talk smack in foreign language then later find out most counselors were bilingual.
McDonalds...really?
My uncle left trash in my car
Be my friend, rudely tell me off, refuse to even acknowledge me and you expect a gift?
My friends bullied me on minecraft so I made them waste two days
I made my friend was two day in minecraft
My friends harassed me on minecraft I made them waste 2 day of their life
I didn't mail someone a Christmas card, but I mailed one to someone else.
I’m not giving you the $600 I owe you (UPDATE)
A TKO
A most petty revenge
No I Won’t Pay You The $600 I Owe You (UPDATE)
Tailgate me with your high beams on! Enjoy a month without tips.
Harass me over a box for a week? I'll rip it to shreds.
Lady shown up in front of her friends at the movies
Steal my ice cream sandwich, enjoy my “vegan” nuggets!
Rude homeless dude goes away hungry
Customer berates me and left a bad review so I’ll do a long con to end up leaving her a bad review
Ex friend tries to ruin my night with a girl that hates me. I get her kicked out of the pub!
Ace musician takes the "Freebird!" challenge and puts abusive drunks in their place
Bully Gets Owned
Two petty revenges for the price of one
petty email autoresponder
Coworkers Christmas Present Revenge
Putting a phone number on text lists for spam?
The secret petty revenge behind an engagement ring.
The Battle of the Walmart Toilet Paper Hoarder, as told by my nephew.
The Battle of the Walmart Toilet Paper Hoarder, as told by my nephew.
It's True ! This is the BEST revenge !
Had an annoying “Vegan” coworker, petty revenge ensues (broken tumbler and “not-so-vegan” pack of nuggets)
Married nurse had sex with my husband on their psychiatric inpatient unit, can she get fired?
My petty revenge on an incredibly rude customer shopping for Christmas presents.
An elementary school bully gets his comeuppance
Tmw after a lot of toil and stress and depression and hard work when you feel hotter than how you remember your ex looking.
My sister was cheating in among us so I made her think she was being stalked.
My sister was cheating in among us so I made her think she was being stalked.
Parked car blocked my driveway, left with a gift
My son, the comedian!
Blue Lagoon
Lunchroom bandit gets just deserts.
Charge me for something I didn't order? That's ok, I'll manage to get my refund then buy the same thing elsewhere, for more.
High on life, weed and petty revenge.
Best friend starts dating the girl I like, so I cause his grades to go down
Trespassing on an old mans property might be a bad idea.
High on petty revenge... and weed.
All For One and One For All
Steamed Customer
Looking for advice
Don't mess with a farmer.
A Poop Jackson Pollock
I stole my enemy's crush
I dated a gold digger
A revenge on my lazy uncle
Make me pee my pants...I’ll go when ever I want to now!
You want me to research? Have you?
Soccer
Waitress Gets Petty Revenge on New Waitress
Grocery Store Karen Gets What She Deserved.
You saw me pulling out…
Soak the floor? Your towel is my new bath rug
You like to improve on my recipes? Improve on this.
Enjoy your coffee
Selling lambo truck
The Groper and The Gun (names have been changed)
Star Child
lady gets upset with another customer I bring my supervisor to embarrass her
Cheating stalking ex served revenge at a gig!I Left a "Present" in Her Yard | Dear r/pettyrevenge
King used roll royce for garbage collection as a revenge
King used roll royce for garbage collection as a revenge
Free number to use for dodgy websites
The toilet paper roll
Revenge is a dish best served...as little pastries?
Oops did I drop those drinks, how silly of me.
Sister mooches mother’s drink, gets wine underaged!!!!
Petty Revenge On My Skydiving Instructor At 7,000 Feet High
and Merry Christmas to you too!!
Third Time's the Charm 🚗 💥
Block my Driveway. I have a comeback...
My revenge on an aweful teacher
Officers don't want to move their own desks; I switch or just take them - Army
Are you SURE you want to get the client involved? Pettiness in post-production.
You want to torment me while I work on a project? I think you’ll have more fun playing with the BIOS.
Block my car in the handicapped spot will you
I FOIA'ed his mugshot and made it his picture on my phone
If you're going to reach into customers' delivery bags, I'm going to stop you.
Holidays revengeful jerk
Don’t get me treated for my chronic back pain? I won’t let you forget it.
Turns out I don't need a letter or recommendation from you, enjoy closing you lab down forever.
Turns out I don't need your letter of recommendation
Conveniently “misplacing” my sister’s phone without her knowing
pour hot glue onto my gf, prepare to get the shit kicked out of you
My Sister is a Hypocrite so I finally did what she asked me too
Im not giving you the $600 I owe you
Coworker wants to top over everyone. Cornered him enough to make him break down.
Saturday For Me, Was A Sadder Day For You
Hello, I'm Mr Nightmare
hola
Acting faaabulous to a homophobic customer
You want to be a shitty roommate? Okay, but...
DESTIN PETS Jeffer is now available Breed &gt; pomsky Age &gt; 11 weeks old Sex &gt; female Registered &gt; yes Potty-trained &gt; yes Price &gt; $450 Shipping &gt; free delivery Hit me up on Kik henriette clough or DM me here, you are welcome
I'm sorry that you hate the way I dress why don't I just keep doing that mom
Trespass and suffer the consequences
Pee in Snow on Car
Best way to spam a phone number
Steal money in my name? Watch all the money you thought you had gained come back to me.
Treat me like absolute shit and favour my lazy, incompetent colleagues instead? Okay then, you only get 1 week’s notice of my resignation.
Bank Petty Revenge
Want to ruin all my stuff that you CAN’T buy anymore then let me prevent you from talking to your friends and your Christmas gift
I keep a door locked at work
You wanna keep us up all night? OK, but...
Husband tells me to stop nagging him.
Punishment: most hated music
Grandpa was... let's say "insensitive"
You wanna treat us like shit? Enjoy a piss cocktail
insane elementary school teacher kicks me out on my first day of school ~
Mark Robers annual glitterbomb.
Don’t pay for relocation, okay!
Need help getting revenge on an internet stalker
insane teacher kicks me out on my first day of school, i was 6 ~
Call me gay while playing with someone as the same gender as me? I'll screw your football game then!
Showed my middle fingers to 2 asshole f*$ks.
Tiny petty revenge
Roommate hasn't paid bills in month
High School Reunion Revenge ;)
Tell me I'm a bad mom, good luck getting child support.
Get Dunked on
Your edibles? No idea where those went...
why I pushed a kid smaller than me. . . . he was bullyig me
Unplugged the freezer on couple who nitpicked
Got my revenge on an XBOx scalper
Be rude? How about a door slammed in your face
I ripped my brother's towel off and shot him with a nerf gun after he stole the shower from me
Petty developer paid back
I chose books to purposely piss off my YA Lit teacher.
Brutal Service at Appliance Store
PETTY LEVEL 5
Brutal Service at Appliance Store
No tank top at school no shirt behind your house.
Little Brother Being a Butthole, I Buy a Loud Vacuum
We Did Play By Play To Combat My Neighbor's Loud, er, Romps
Jerk in the military
Isn't it you who should be paying the tax?
If I'm going to have points taken off, they better be because of the work I did and not because my teammate finds my work unsatisfactory.
Wanna throw things at me, ok so Will I
Brother wouldn’t clean up after himself, so I messed with his food
WiFi on Or off tonight?
Only three trash bags? Okay.
Passive aggressive petty revenge
Assistant Manager Treats Everybody Like Crap And The Karma Is Sweet
Grandma shows up her principal
Threaten me with your car? That's assault!
Shut one of my bullies up
Want to go snooping around on my laptop? Well, have fun trying hundreds of passwords to access your own laptop
How do I mess with someone (legally)--I have their address and phone number
You want one so bad?! Here you go.
Shit talk me? Ok, I won't hire you.
Local band won’t play our requests, won’t be back to our bar!
Keep The Change: A Slob Story.
Standing up for my Husband...
Middle School Bully Harassed me for 2 Years but I get the Last Laugh.
Local band won’t play any of our requests, most likely will never be back.
Offensive bumpersticker? Enjoy this Christmas song just for you
Keep The Change
Lost My Job &amp; Found Myself
Dryer theif
Young punk with big mouth has bad (and stinky) day.Grandma gets revenge on my dad
Grandma Gets revenge on my dad
Short little story
Flirt with my underaged sister? I'll burn you're lifes work
Being a b*tch?. Have fun with gacha heat. TW!
You keep making me feel unwanted and stupid? Have fun smelling like spoiled milk.
The bully meets my little sister.
Roommate Rumble - Entitled girl takes advantage of my niceness until it runs out
Professor Called Security On Me for Asking a Question
Landlord sold his apartment
That time back in Cuba
(repost) Pervs are banhammered off the internet.
My friend's made her leave the school!
How i am planning my revenge on the family that disowned me
You keep making me feel unwanted and stupid? Have fun smelling like spoiled milk.
"It's easier to ask forgivness than permission". Screw that, it's not your stuff!
Do your dishes dummy
Have a very mute Christmas
Victory Over Girl from 7TH Grade
Nasty Treasure for a Porch Pirate
Taunt me about your Excel entry errors? You don’t know who you’re dealing with!
Picture without my permission?
Insult my concern for my kid with a lung disease? I can play petty games too!
Tamper Tantrum Customer
Apartment karma's a bitch, bitch!
Insult my girlfriend? Have fun being awake
Nasty treasure for a porch pirate
My chad of a friend trashed a horrible owner’s server.
My mom gets revenge on her boss
My mom gets bullied by boss at work they all quit
Keep The Change.
Cumming
Neighbour thinks he owns our parking spots, not anymore!
Slow.
Slow.
Scientific resarch on petty revenge
Petty Printer
"No, you WILL be giving me an A in this class whether you like it or not!"
Angry Mama Bear and the Candy Lei
Missed Tip
Patience is a virtue?
My ex gets dumped, I get my friends back
Piss bottle hidden behind curtains in toxic mother's spare bedroom
You're sick if my "attitude" have fun opening your Christmas present.
Didn't go after revenge but I got it anyway.
Revenge on brother with his own joke
Petty revenge christmas edition.
Secret Decaf
Small petty revenge.
a little revenge in the classroom
a smelly revenge
Christmas Ornaments and the Long Game
What would you consider a petty (safe) bit satisfying revenge? Who and why?
Wanna chew up the last of my toilet paper?
Steal my drink that I love, enjoy heat
Sending poop to online scammers in Nigeria
Sending poop to online scammers in Nigeria
Don't like how long I took putting it up? How about I take it down for free?
Donator Doge's Revenge
Bully me for four years? Look at me now
The Ultimate List of All the Stuff You Can Anonymously Ship Your Enemies
Woman gets smelly revenge on her cheating husband
The ultimate revenge! Scorned wife sends her cheating husband a box of horse FECES after discovering he was having an affair with a woman less than half his age
Company directors get to experience some Christmas spirit
Ceos brag to workers about their Christmas holidays in the bahamas get a taste of their own medicine
*CALL TO ACTION* Help me get revenge on a restaurant that scammed me
Ceos brag to workers about their Christmas holidays to the bahamas get a taste of their own medicine.
My boss denied me a vacation for 2 years so I got her fired.
Ceos and directors brag about their Christmas holidays in the bahamas every year when employees have to work through all of it now get a taste of their own medicine
Don't like how long I took putting it up? How about I take it down for free?
You wanna take money from me? Fine.
When you think I don't know
Swerving to keep ahead of me? Mkay, have fun at the light.
Don't like how long I took to put things up? How about I take it down for free?
I embarrass a false-crediting jerk at my school for being real douchey to me.
Kick Me, Kid, and I'll Take Allthe Candy
Banned from laundromat
Park in The Handicap Parking Space?
Calls, texts, emails, and snail mail...enjoy.
What is the most petty way you've ever paid someone?
Cut in line with your obnoxious kids, let them not eat cake!
How do I piss off this exam invigilator
How I got a class of perverts locked out of everything.
Flirt with My Friend on Our Date? Enjoy the Bill!
I made my bully think I was a witch
The Perils of the Shared Workplace Refrigerator
Be an ahole I got you!
stopping an aggravating coworker in her tracks
Is my planned revenge any good? or should I not do it.
My boss is super passive aggressive and I make him nervous.
A guy I hired hit it off with a regular. The day after he quit she came in and asked me to give him her number. He never got it.
Neglect facemask rules? Get fined!
Petty revenge against a plumber who wouldn't wear a mask
A Kid Puts Glue On My Bag
Spamming "EZ" on the chat on the game gives ya a ticket on Reddit
Pizza boys petty revenge
Propose during my wedding ? I’ll make sure to celebrate my kids first birthday and pregnancy announcement during yours
Older brother is rude? I’ll make him puke.
Got Revenge on an Evil Teacher and Ruined Her Rug
Delete my game you’ll regret itI made a math comeback to an insult and the person hasn’t responded yet. Did I win?
Sold me fake weed &amp; started rumors so I got her fired.
Local store employee refused to sell 7 pumpkins, almost lost $100 0000 in sales a year
Need help for dislike for fake person on youtube channel
Need Help for dislikes for fake person YouTube
Apartment Laundry Revenge
I found out on the same night who I called 'friends' were talking shit about me behind my back, they stole money from me and I'm almost sure they mistreated my cat. We went on a trip to the United States and after grabbing their passports and IDs, I returned to Mexico without those idiots.
Steal My Wallet? Enjoy getting caught literally red-handed and losing your job
This kid won't stop pinching me so my dad bought me a wooden plane to smash it in her head
You wanna stalk MY friend, B**ch?!
Tired of Relationship Bullshit... Sent Him Literal Bull Shit
"Lost" 20 dollars, just to spite an idiot buyer
Turning the tables on an aggravating coworker
I set my families cutlery out the 'wrong way' on purpose.
My dad kept jumping out from behind corners and scaring me so I got him back.
stopping an aggravating coworker in her tracks
Cheaters everywhere
Manager Treats Me Like an Idiot, so I get Overtime
Roommate Harassment
I can't do the job I'm not paid for, so why am I here?
You will never find succesnummer public school your too dumb.
Dating two girls at the same time will end you up with none.
Nasty, social media addicted housemate breaks lockdown rules for sex, so I block her social media access
Life lesson.. Don't mess with people who make your food
After being screamed at for landing on time i told a passenger to hurry to their connecting flight, even though I knew they would miss it
Help me get my petty revenge
Stepmonster with 2 masters degrees is still jealous of me professionally.
Y’all in this sub: tell me if this warrants some revenge and on what scale because I want to so bad...
If a 5 year old needs to pee, he will
Guide leader wouldn’t let me lay down and didn’t believe I was sick
Customer bitched me out for not wanting to reopen my department to make her a pizza, so I wasted her time
Who said you could use my coffee creamer?
We walked in on him
I Left a "Present" in Her Yard
Enjoy washing your face with your pee
Kid runs over dog on purpose, I ruin his bike
How i ruined secret santa for a racist moron..
Petty Revenge on evil aunt but made me mentally healthier
Current tenants put up mail of previous tenants (but addressed to them) on a bulletin board unreachable to outsiders. No one removes it and it takes up space, so I do and put it back in their mailbox.
How did I get revenged?
Make fun of me? Make a new presentation.
Don't know if this is not petty enough for this sub or Too petty. RE: Property tax payment.
Revenge of The Cheerleaders (then us. Then the cheerleaders again)
Give me bad grades undeserved? How about I get you fired then.
The Customer Isn't Always Right, but I am
Make me your errand boy? Get ready to breath fire!
Want to steal from our phone store? Enjoy having your service shut off.
Clean Enough, Nosy Aunt Rosie?
My mother the queen of petty
Steal my food- well shit for you
Make my wedding about you? I don't think so.
Lash out on me/my coworkers due to a policy change? Enjoy your unstirred 4 cream/4 sugar coffee.
The tale of the broken wine bottle &amp; the guy who wouldn’t quit shopping.
Blue Urine
just shut up, karen. and stop yelling at my daughter!
Naming My Bigotted Dad's Fish After Obviously Queer Historical Icons
Sorry, you can’t sell me alcohol. I’m underage.
Unwilling to pay? Let them eat semen cake!
Can I just say how much I love that 90% of posts here are about parking
Steal my spot. Have fun getting out.
Take forever to get to the car, get left behind
Skate or Die!
Girlfriend cheats on me, I fuck her over.
REQUEST: Signing people up for catalogs and email...
Revenge To A Nosy, Gossiping Aunt
Ex Boyfriend Trying to Prove Something?
Boss sends a text to the wrong person (me).
Revenge for Being smug
Didnt clean the tea jug
My mom's petty revenge on my bratty sister
A contract that bites back
You take 25% of the salary, see what I'll do you
Entitled woman thinks my dad was out to get her
Splattered Sandwich.
I made a conspiracy government video about my friend's inability to drive. He deleted all my comments on his Fortnite videos. So introducing Martha Fleck, a top tier YouTuber.
Can I get some feedback?
Want to cut a line of people waiting for a parking spot? I don't think so
I don't know what to name this
Boss limited my tea consumption so I lace his croissants
My work dilemma
Tell me to hurry up? Fine, but I’m having your towels.
Cheating Wife
Bossman sits in a $1,200 office chair. When my Dr says I need a better chair for my back, he refused to pay over $250 and accuses me of being "demanding about something I don't need". Fine. Let's see what HR has to say about that.
You want updates? You’ll GET updates.
I Left a "Present" in Her Yard
You want my parking space??
This person scammed me
Christmas lights
How I saw multiple retail workers get rid of rude customers without getting fired
No end spamming.
My sister (15/f) wouldn't let me(14/f) put my Christmas decoration on the tree, so I put it on our tree anyways, without her noticing.
Scammed &amp; Verbally abused because of a terrible repair
I need your help.
Make Me Work Alone? Enjoy Missing A Pay Period
Got back at so called incel friend of 2 years for vaguebooking me and making fun of my relationship
Park in two spaces? Enjoy waiting to get back in your car!
(LONG) Got some petty revenge on a 2 faced former friend who talked about me behind my back and vaguebooked me
First off the line [XL, not particularly good]
Wife just got in the way "helping" so I made her long ride home uncomfortable.
I reported a bus driver and got the smoothest bus ride of all timeMost annoying CS:GO kid
Fun with the (ex)wife
I sed stop
My Karen Coworker talks crap on me to my parents and gets tipped $0
Mate likes to borrow and not repay, let's see how that works for you
Spill my coffee will you
My Mother Makes A School Panic for Two Hours
My Mother Makes The School Panic For Two Hours
Friend borrows money and won't pay me back? I'll run up your bar tab
Try To Scare Me With Your Snake? Bring On The Christmas Pettiness
Don't want to pay rent fine
Little brother always tries to get me in trouble, finally got my revenge
I get a kick out of kissing my partners before each other
Coworker thinks greasy window prank is funny, until it happens to him...
how many loyal dogs in your society
Loyal doggy litters in my house
new girl in school tries to ruin my social life and tries to return the gift i gave her to my mother
girl tries to fuck up my friendships and i fuck up all of hers
Bill me later
Got back at my abusive ex
Lady blocks me from getting on elevator.
Think I'm your secretary? I'll take your tips
Got some revenge on my dad for leaving me in line at stores when he went off.
I (25M) ditched a girl (24F) who ghosted me multiple times.
Give confusing instructions? Fine, I'll act upon it then.
Sorry I only know how to make a short story long...
Scam me? I’ll make it BURN
Neighbour stole my mail, police can't do anything.
My Teacher sucks
Workflow specialist makes work impossible - I embarrass her in front of a crowd.
Well this happened a long time ago
My grandma was pretty cool
My grandma was a Bad*ss
My employer decided to stop honoring my school schedule, so I left them to fill the most difficult to staff shift without me
Lady Uses My Numer For Her Shit For 3 Years, I Finally Do Something About It
Locked up 11 Computers at an Internet Cafe in Asia
Petty Revenge on the Post Office (Deutsche Post)
Small and petty
I send abusive mother on a wild goose chase that wastes her entire day
A scammer tries to rob us, but he gets what he deserves
My besties bf called me feral bc I called him out for being racist
Getting sweet revenge on bully and nasty coworkers
Ideas for petty revenge against housemate
Don't smudge my F***n glasses
Still waiting for that gift card
Don’t tell me my friend has no future.
Truth, Dare, or REVENGE?
Entitled Mommy
Discovering your cheating spouse
Wet concrete to the eyes.
Going to die? Walk it off!
Evil roommate (long)
Spit in the food that you made me? Watch me throw the food out.
Want me to pay for period products, fine. I will.
Teacher makes fun of my blind friend.
Oh, you wanna harrass me so I hit you and then play victim to mom? I THINK NOT! I shall use your nose against you.
Hit me? Ill make u stuffy
Oh you want name brand groceries?
Students heart stops because of stupid PE teacher? Get a free pass out of any class.
Messing with the lying smokers
What should I do?
Naked roommate
a short story
You won't get a better job than this.
Car dealership loaner
Be a completely incompetent Credit Card company/Bank. Fine. You’ll be sending me a check every few months.
Don’t mess with me and my milk!
Inappropriately punished by gym teacher results in lost items.
Dumpster Lids Must Close
social media addict
The ***** Shutdown Prompted My Revenge
One of my coworkers is consistently rude and unhelpful to everyone...
[SHORT] One of my coworkers is consistently rude and unhelpful to everyone...
COVID Set Up My Revenge
Trash my house? I’ll trash your Netflix account.
Drive like an asshole? Drive under high beam.
Don’t be Karen if you don’t want to look like Karen
My mom used to come into my room in the middle of a come.
My friend cursed me off in front of his entire family at a bbq how do I get revenge?
REVENGE OF THE NERDS: tl;dr: Two members of my college “capstone” thesis team ditched out of our group project. I met with one of the professors giving the oral examination the day before and explained. The ENTIRE oral exam was the professors humiliating the absentee members
Update on https://www.reddit.com/r/pokemoncardcollectors/comments/jyr1fg/you_steel_my_one_of_my_useless_pokemon_cards_i/?utm_medium=android_app&amp;utm_source=share
"It's a Small World After All" Prank on bosses as payback.
Retract your bid? You won’t win the other one.
Ace Amenagent
My cousin and I took turns spitting in my other cousins drink.
Promoted Posts
Tailgater gets some high speed spit
how to subscribe someone’s email to a spam list
Be careful when you key somebody's car.
Descriptions are ok as long as they're true? K.
Don't want to remove your moldy Mercedes from my driveway? Enjoy it in front of your new GF's mini-mansion.
Petty Revenge R6 edition
Sucks to be you
Shitty coworker was slacking so I left them with the rest of the work
When my friend's sister uses her highliter
Ohayou Sayori! (Doki Doki Literature Club Petty Revenge)
When My friend's sister uses her highliter
Give me an awful gift, time to give it back
Renege once the job's done? Prepare for your just desserts...
I shit in my ex's sinkHousemate kicked me out over a roll up cigarette 😂
He wanted ALL his stuff back, so I made sure he got everything.
Being a jerk to the hostess? Get dished revenge by the cook
Getting sweet revenge on bully and nasty coworkers
The manias sandwich.
Getting revenge on old asshole coworkers buy complaining on them ... when they make a mistake
Need help getting back at someone
Park in my spot. Enjoy the dirty diaper
vladmirfinance0@gmail.com
fdfdfgff
Please Call This Number - Be a Bro!
Sweet Marshmellowy revenge
Who stole the candy from the candy jar? (Spoiler alert: it was me)
I made racists in a pub shut up.
Have fun with that IKEA furniture.
Not my dishes not my job🤷🏼‍♂️
My dad asked me to remove myself from our family cell phone plan... so I did
Sometimes older siblings can light the way
My brother pinched the families dogs, I got him grounded
Revenge of a petty phone administrator
You thought you could ruin my school life I will ruin yours
Make your homework
Revenge ideas for noise rude neighbour?
Only stupid answers
Peppercorns
Two revenges. Petty on both sides.
"Either snitch or just leave." You betcha!
the keys.
Entitled hockey father loses his position
Screw off teacher
YouTube putting ads on all videos? Let me upload 100s of GB of video that no one will see.
Never try to scam a no life.
need help for some petty revenge
Hit on my underage sister ,ok enjoy the bad reviews
Watch out for employees that administrate your phones.
Always beware of the people who manage your phones.
I bet this post will drive hos crazy so dont reply if you are stupid
Tried to blindside me in a legal meeting, pulled one over on them
Timed it just right.
The most beautiful revenge on a sudden and unexpected break up
Vulgar Yard Signs
UPDATE: I painted my pool green after my neighbour complained about my green pool.
No ma'am I'm not impersonating myself, but I hope you like being stuck out in the rain!
Won't accept my request for a day off? Ok, I quit!
Time to stew. Time for petty revenge
Do Crows poop in the park? yep
Big Bang Theory revenge
Wanna play your music as loud as possible on nights in the middle of the week? That's cool, enjoy some slipknot in the middle of the night.
Nightlights can multiply
Don't like my nightlight well they can multiply
He got roasted
Stay out of my garden!
F food stealers
How can I get my upstairs neighbors evicted?
The tables have turned
Don't Cheat (Referring to School)
Doki Doki Literature Club Petty Revenge
i got my bullies to apologize by annoying them
i got my bullies to apologize by annoying them
Scam me? I’ll make it BURN
Give me a headache by playing loud music, talking loudly up till 1AM in the kitchen? I’ll keep the party going
Need ideas on how to get revenge on ex
No sports for you
Accidental Revenge on Cheating GF
No OT on Black Friday/Thanksgiving weekend? No help then.
Make my wife (your sister) cry, enjoy your new Netflix watch list and recommendations
Ohayou Sayori! (Doki Doki Literature Club Petty Revenge)
How not to eat soup out here
Can we request petty revenges here? Because I’m going to need some help for this one.
You get a tow
Coining The Phrase Petty Revenge
Park in my driveway? Hope you plan to stay the night.
Nearly Evicted on Christmas Eve
A Very Short And Uncomfortable Story
Be careful what you ask for..
Can someone help me take revenge on a racist whiteboy?
Petty vengeance just a key stroke away
Gave my dad a taste of his own medicine
Got some petty revenge today
Revenge for engineers treating techs badly
TLDR my social studies/science/tennis teacher was an idiot so me and my friends spoke another language with the wrong tones to piss her off
What are you going to do anyway on “ALL” those Saturdays off.. I mean really?
I'm watching a so called "18+ Anime" so that makes you think that you can get me arrested?
I got my bullies to apologize by annoying them
I made you mad, huh?
Dormmate gets physical? Me too...
Waste my time? I'll waste yours
ITAKE BACK MY STAR TREK ONLINE ACCOUNT AFTER IT'S HACKED, ENTITLED MOTHER DEMANDS I GIVE IT BACK BUT GET'S HER OWN SON BANNED INSTEAD.
Just a dad out with his daughter
Let your dogs poop in our yard? Face some shitty revenge.
I can embarrass you more
Won't stop calling, you may have an STD now
Ruined the result of a TV show after he watched another one without me.
Spam 4 Spam
Think I've just been the victim of a petty revenge!
No laundry? No paper towel.
Made my friend study for 2 years like her life depend on it
Block my wife's car in? Get three tickets!
I did this when I was young but still don't regret it
Help me get some petty revenge.MIL thought she paid for what she usually got...
Think you can lie like nothing?
You think you're the only one who can pathetically lie?
Candy Thief Learns Not to Mess With Me
My Kinder Evil teacher bullied me, taste my pounded waffle/soda mix
Bully me, no ps4 for you
The old man and the car wash.
Hi.
Lord over me about a promotion you don't even have yet? Hope you don't mind the (implied) competition.
You're gonna call me names? I'm gonna ruin you.
I hid my brothers game in 1/225 different folders.
You went to a Strip Club and Blew money for bills? Christmas is gonna be fun for me.
Fucking Neighbor let his dog shit in front of my house and I stepped in it.
Self-Inflicted Petty Revenge?
Don't want to update your contact number? Enjoy having all of your appointments canceled.
He constantly picked on our visually impaired roommate so I fed him dog food.
Landlord learns not to plagiarize
Be nice to those who control your pickup orders.
I'm sure you'll love your order just as much this Wednesday.
kid yells how among us sux because he cant get it
Curbside pickup delights
Don’t piss off the owner of the car. I will hide the keys. Sucks for you. Told to post this from r/Fuckery University.
You fucked my pokemon saved game, ok I will fuck your tabletb
I told my boyfriend's secret to my friends because he cheated on me.
Block me on Facebook? There goes your opportunity to see your grandchild
Want to be a male Karen? I’ll put you in your place
I pushed my friends chair because she done it to me
Undo all my folded clothes?
My first real breakup
The Story of the Bratty Roommate and a Madagascar Hissing Cockroach :)
Flooded with magazines
Want to Not Clean a Store Amidst a Pandemic? Enjoy the Health Department.
Flying times
Partner for group work doesn't want to do any work so I don't send them the work so they make a fool out of themselves later.
My small victory over my bratty stepsister.
Lowball offers on OfferUp
Angry drunk guy yells at me for my car being to loud. I come back later and hes getting arrested
Today my homophobic/transphobic co-worker asked if anyone had an extra mayo packet in their company provided boxed lunch because she didn't get one.
Leave Your Cardboard for ME to bale, Enjoy getting reprimanded
Dude got quite the surprise!
I Pranked My Co-Worker And Cost Him His Weed
My housemate kept spoiling anime and TV shows so I gave her a taste of her own medicine.
Douche Truck Gets Flushed`
Making a mole hill out of a mountain
My hate for guidos in the club
Got back the money my ex-roommate swindled me out of
I’m making a ham, too.
Neighbor wanted to play opera music at 3am. I played metal at the same time until he got evicted
Run a red light in front of me? Talk to the cop who's just behind me.
Latte, losers
Dad makes fun of me for years, I destroy the thing he was so proud of and embarrass him.
Family tells me I am not worthy of their name I change it.
Tanteum Karen in Metro (the grocery store).
Fricked with the wrong ramen.
Discriminate against a special needs kid? Welcome to your lawsuit.
How I got back at a short bully
Took My BF, Played the Victim but Still Wanted Help Passing College Exams...the Audacity
If you take something that I want, be ready to lose something that you want.
Friends parents get what they deserve
Husband and Me versus impatient Douchebag
Husband and I commit petty revenge together against impatient douchebag
May or may not have used my food service position to exact revenge on rude jerk
you steel my one of my useless Pokemon cards i will trade fake Pokemon cards for you're most expensive card
No colouring after I take bath
Have fun making quota by yourself!
Force me to do your child’s homework? I’ll put the wrong answers and embarrass them in class.
Have fun making quota by yourself!
Pretended to be a customer to complain on coworkers when they refused to take my constructive to be criticism well and harassing me back (blue collar, seniority driven job)
Sexist, Racist, abusive father gets to enjoy a dinner of my piss and spit!
Hack my Club Penguin account? Get perma-banned and lose your money, you jerk
Why does everything I post here get muted?
Covered my loud neighbor’s doorstep with beans.
My ex-boss charges a lot of money for his time (by the hour). I left and started a new job in the same field to get away from working with him. Calls from a "Karen" or have a completely out there situation that he can't help, I give him a referral to waste a minute of his time.
wasting a few minutes of time with referrals
wasting a few minutes of an ex-boss' time
wasting a few minutes of bad ex-boss' time with bad referrals
Bad Referrals to Ex Boss
Ant bit me so I ate it along with all it's comrades
Sweet, sweet coffee
Roommate demands I clean a washroom
Can't copy from me..
Sure, I'll clean the bathroom
Karen bossed the students and they owned her
Karen bosses around students and got owned.
Don't mess with the students.
You think you can boss around students? Well get keyjobed!!!
She keeps saying I'm fat like it's an insult
Mother regrets forcing me to do her kids homework
Not related! Please stop calling.
No one acts smart with me.
My ex cheated on me and I’m in the best place of my life because of it.
Learn some manners
Waste my time? I’ll waste yours
The Bented Yellow Boomerang
Have you ever pretended to be a customer and complained on a coworker (who pissed you off or offended you) via anonymous phone or email or website complaint form just to get revenge on them without letting them know that it was you?
Karen At The Pharmacy
Torment us in minecraft? Wait till you get dissed behind your back!
I got her back
Trolled a PS5 Scalper
Hog all the parking at the top of the hill? Enjoy waiting to get out of the driveway!Karen At The Pharmacy
Road Antics
Karen At The Pharmacy
Your dishonesty cost you your job.
I hated barbies but my brothers hated them more.
The time my mom kidnapped and married a guy to piss off his ex-wife.
night shift worker + neighbors afternoon party = petty revenge
night shift worker + neighbors afternoon party = petty revenge
Stop blocking my service drive! No? Ok... have fun figuring out why your computer won’t work.
Responding to a text four years later.
Don't live here and keep parking in my assigned spot?
She Challenged Me
Disrespect me on Facebook and I’ll destroy you
Make my ceiling your stomping ground? No electricity for you!
Sorry this is the best trampoline!
Every single day this guy takes up 2 to 4 of the closest parking spots. He's not elderly, disabled or a big wig, just a douchebag. So today I exacted my revenge
Don't steal my candy
Thanks Kevin Smith
Help? How to troll a website that is obviously scamming people.
Discord DMs
Discord DMs
Discord DM's
My Roommate Left The Pizza Cutter Dirty, So I Hid It And Then He Said Something Dumb...
Mike and the house phone
My stepdad got revenge with bubbles
Need help with revenge with old asshile at my job.
Ex abused me and then filed restraining order against me
Most kids in my second grade including my good friend called me a (certain name that made no sense) so I took his pencil
In 2013, I sent my ex a cactus. Then, today..
Just what the “doctor” ordered
Petty revenge and the Kit Kat
taco bell revenge
Don't touch my food
How I got revenge and made my 5th to 7th trade bully and his henchman shut up for once
Threaten to shame us for not paying? Don't expect anything.
Dated an absolutely lunatic of a girl for my 4 years of college, just for her to go fuck someone else while living together. Read for more
(REPOST) revenge is sweeeeeeeeeeeeeeeet
Roommate wants to play sides? We can do that.
The lengths you’ll go to for young love
The lengths you go for young love
Sext other women? I’m keeping that PS5
How I stole my coworker's title, kinda accidentally
The Awful Librarian
Make up excuses? Let me "accidentally" show them to your friends.
take my shit? well, f you too then!
Making my sisters day that little bit worse
Boss messed with the wrong sick employee
Mom gives conductor a taste of his own medicine
Abusing a crappy chore system backfires.
Disrupt my classes? I'll disrupt your sleep
Steal my glasses have fun without pokemon
Bus farts
When a BMW driver learns to not tail gate in construction zones
I'm sorry Mr. Bully your order is next.
Treat people like shit for your mistake? Maybe you should get tested.
How Petty am I? Richard. Tom and Tankgirl.
How Petty am I? Richard. Tom. Tankgirl (not her real name).
I Threw My Father's Hurtful Words Back At Him And My Brother
Cheating student unaware of policy, gave him what he asked for, and gets bitten by it four years later
Disrespect your neighbors guest, might be a good idea.
Mf misused the group chat
So My Ex Gave Me Herpes
Revenge on cold roommates?
Never did I think I would be able to post here, but it finally happened!!
Bobs Not Here
Bob the Drug Dealer's not here...he's dead.
Pick a fight so you can cheat, enjoy look for a new place to live.
Touch My Books? Have Some Gummy Bears
Bragging About Instagram? Let The Games Begin
Cheater will share my pain
Take Revenge From Your Ex-Boyfriend/Ex-Girlfriend
Unprotected tv? The perfect revenge
Trap my cat in a drain? Enjoy 4 years of poop catapults
[META] Can we stop with the "when I was [insert age], I did this" -- posts.
Steal from our lunches, we don't just complain.
Complain about the food? Dont get any.
How I got back at a messy gym bro
How I got back at a messy gym bro
Bed Company Won't Reply To Anyone, Doesn't Realise This Works In My Favour
Teacher wants to be a bully? Good luck
People like me are dangerous?
Take care of those who take care of you
Oh, you like phone calls?
Oh you like to park so close to my car i cant get the hatchback to open up?
PhD advisor was abusive and fraudulent, so I left her name plain on the credit page.
Man waits till last second to put his blinker on turning into Dunkin’ Donuts so I can’t turn in front of him. Beat him to the door and ordered everything I could think of while he was behind me
You wanted to bully me? I’ll stick a rubber chicken in your car’s exhaust.
I need help on some petty revenge
I used a cocky asshole’s war weapon against him
You wanted to dump a lunch tray on me? Enjoy spending $20 a month on a new lock.
You wanted to dump a lunch tray on me to “look cool”? Enjoy spending $20 a month for a new lock.
Nasty neighbor
Park over the line? Good luck getting in your car
I outed a homewrecker for her STDs in front of her bar customers!
Picked the wrong townie to mess with
Play stupid and toxic games, hope you like your BAN.
Getting back at a school bully
A BMW has places to be and waits for no man!
Big Bully Gets his phone blocked
Asshole drive gets stuck at the gateStars, can’t do it, not today!
My teacher pulled a power move
Ohayou Sayori! (Doki Doki Literature Club Petty Revenge)
EX-HOA board member tries to smear the new board, fails, and moves 25 miles away after ruining his reputation with the entire neighborhood.
Homework? More like no work.
Roommate situation
How to get revenge on roommate?
Revenge on bitchy roommate?
the worst person i have ever met
I reported my manager to the anonymous employee call line for smelling like cat piss
Want your opinion
Neighbors got us arrested for smoking pot and drinking in our own backyard
Sent my primary school teacher a copy of my university diploma
Petty revenge on "your car warranty may be expired"
I introduced my ex to Nutella
Fishing revenge on Karen
Dad had my back with high school mean girl
She ruined a surprise party on purpose
Trash man
Don't tail gait me. Especially if you're speeding
I deleted my moms biggest achievement
Neighbor playing opera at 3am. I started playing metal music until he got a hefty fine and got kicked of his lease
R/EntitledParents R/PettyRevenge, Karen slaps a Mcdonalds worker across ...
Don’t recognize the people who works the most and pay the prize
Don't piss me off when I'm trying to work
My bully was hated by everyone
This restaurant on seamless..
Thoughtless Disrespectful Nephew Doesn't Understand How His Actions Have Consequences. Adulthood Is Going to Eat Him Alive If He Doesn't Shape Up
Thoughtless Immature Nephew May Be Legally An Adult, But He's Got A Lot to Learn About Respect, Boundaries, and How Abusing Kind Privileges Has Consequences
Neighbor was playing opera at 3am. I played loud heavy metal until he had to pay a hefty fee and eventually got kicked out of his lease
I zip-tied a locker
Interfer with him, he'll go out out of his way
Tell me your best ways you quit a job. Looking to go leave as a legend in my horrible workplace.
Gas points for the win!
Poo under the bed
Wanna play loud opera music at 3 am, I'm gonna play loud heavy metal music
Be mean to and abuse me during my stay with you? Let's see how you like it if I flood your work email with Scientology spam.
I clotheslined a bully
Petty revenge against bigots who doesn't believe in mental health
Orchid Killer
Act like a bully? Say goodbye to your shoe.
Bad Referrals
Bad Referrals to Ex-Boss
Sounds like a brag but I'm actually a bit ashamed.
A small petty revenge against racism.
In a group project I was the only girl in my group
My science/tennis teacher was an idiot to me and I used every ounce of pettiness I had
My science/tennis teacher was an idiot to me and I used every ounce of pettiness I had
Horrible roommate gets karma
Bullied roommate gets revenge
Mom’s Words Backfired
Giant plant, need to go
Giant plant, needs to go.
Should I get rid of her plant
Should I get "rid" of my housemate's giant plant.
Should I commit Herbicide!?
Should I use weedkiller on her giant plant?
Should I use weed killer on her plant?
Should I kill one of my housemate's plants?
Neighbors are having a party next door! Breaking quarantine! GIVE ME YOUR WORST IDEAS!!!
Trashy Neighbors At It Again — Help Needed
Update #3 Chicago Landlord Revenge
Take all my change!
My cousin left me out for a while so i did the same
Annoying teacher gets FIRED
Annoying teacher get's FIRED
Tried to strike a deal with a line-cutter
Oh, you like a certain drink mix flavor? How about I make sure that you don’t get any of them...
How a selfish coworker learned a good lesson about generosity and reciprocation
Want to act like pigs with your trash? Fine by me!
Popcorn man
The Ghost Town
Petty circus music
My "friend" told me it was my fault my boyfriend cheated on me; I laced her "apology" cookies!
Green backpack kid
Rude Customer Gets Back What He Started
Germaphobe gets owned
Got 2 ps5 scalpers to meet eachother. Hope they had a hot date!
Karen as Fuck
Looking for some petty direction..
Don't be rude when I have access to your drinks
Don't be a bitch when I have access to what you eat &amp; drink
I did this to my sister about 30 years ago...
Looking for resources to spam scammers
Advice wanted
Some stories of how i got petty revenge on my terrible dad
Somel the things i did to get back at my abusive father
Contact Tracing avoiders phone bombed by state agency
Bully from school
Egg me. Make sure you cant be identified s's
Family member was nasty to me so years later I made him suffer
You egg me. Make sure u cant be unidentified
My great escape
A small revenge on my uncle’s wife
Make The Sweetes Girl In Class Cry? I'll Embarass You In Front Of The Whole Class!
How to get rid of a grade-A clinger
Petty Revenge On Mother Dearest
Revenge On My Mother. She Never Knew it Was ME Responsible For The CLINK
Revenge On My Mother. She Never Knew it Was ME Responsible For The CLINK
Revenge On My Abusive Mother. She Never Knew it Was ME Responsible For The CLINKDon't follow the schedule? Well then drown in angry customers and burgers
How I got revenge for being laid off.
Custom jigsaw puzzle revenge
Ignore height limit signs and my warnings? Enjoy waiting for the firemen to come rescue you.
Middle school teacher gets revenge by rickroling his class.
She was not nice to my coworkers
Petty revenge advice/ ideas?
My sister RUINED her ex-best friend's wedding dress
Steal a PlayStation account under my Family Management? Enjoy those 15 minutes of playtime per day.
mean landlord gets revenge on
butthole land lord petty revenge
Wanna be a DB...ok, I can play, too.
Just Duck Your Head!
Just Duck Your Head!
Try to ruin a small family business. All your effort was for nothing.
Revenge on School Teacher
Good librarian
I messed with my group in a group project
Landlord asks for more rent, I ask him to fix things first, knowing he won’t fix them
My petty revenge
Revenge on a Roommate
Ignore the schedule? Then drown in angry customers and burgers
Don't want to follow the schedule? Then drown in burgers and angry customers
Don't follow the schedule? Well drown in angry customers and burgers?
Don't follow the schedule? Well drown in angry customers and burgers
No one likes a litterbug
Quick Revenge Story
Advice Needed: How To Get Revenge On Younger Cousins For Being Mean Girls?
Unplanned babysitting on our anniversary
Don't follow the schedule? Well drown in burgers and angry customers
Telemarketers who never stop calling
Don't follow the schedule? Well drown in burgers and angry customers
Don't follow the schedule? Well drown in burgers and angry customers
Don't follow the schedule? Well drown in burgers and angry customers
Director puts my desk in front her door to keep an eye on me
HR director puts my desk in front of her office door like a child
Sorry, I owe you? Bruh
You’re bullying my sisters? Have fun buying a new phone!
Revenge on a pool party bully
So I found the honewreckers social media..
Don’t eff with the little sister
Steal my medication I will make you regret it.
Changed my ex-bf’s resume description to be more suiting and honest.
Roommate was stealing my marked leftovers.
As an Uber driver...
Want to use the dryers? Oh, looks like you'll have to wait for another half an hour :)
Doctor lied to my brother. My mom activated karen-mode
Drink competition with a thug
Put my shoes back on? I'll never forget!
Revenge for shoplifting
Abandon your dogs for hours? Here's a poop soaked leash!
Roommate problems
I'm not stopping for your road rage, bud.
Teacher insisted I learn a lesson. I learn the wrong lesson and waste their lunch break.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
win gift card with us
Register with your PayPal account to win a gift card
Register with your PayPal account to win a gift card and 3$ for free, get ready to win with us only 100 people can win.
Your a vegetarian how do you think those plants mothers feel
The doctor who did not listen to his patient.
Leaf wars
Destroyed my eagerness to learn to drive? I'm gonna make sure you regret it
Prank us with having Cancer? Get your whole day wasted waiting on nothing
I skip school to pass
Annoy the Heck out of me? Get Yelled at By the Teacher.
Ex cheated on me. Threw a boat party full of girls
I'm a delivery driver for takealot in south africa. I got sweet petty revenge on my mentality challenged ex land lady.
I fu*ked my friends biology grade
Steal my medication I make you regret it.
Oh, you said to hurry up? I must have misheard you.
Using highbeam &amp; tailgating me? Prepare to eat your own medicine
Getting back at my dad
Ok sir, if you say so, it's your hat.
Small motorbike vs small... *waves pinky finger*
Told a home wrecker (the who gave me an std) that I have herpes so 1) she can feel some degree of worry for what they both did and 2) so she will follow up on getting tested/treated for her std that she indirectly spread to me. No harm done. He will also get what’s coming to him and more.
How to get back at someone who won't pay up?
eat off my plate, okay....pay for your own meal.
Little Brother Being a Butthole, I Buy a Loud Vacuum
Little Brother Being a Butthole, I buy the loudest vacuum on the face of the earth.
She lied to me (Advice needed)
Idiot driver harasses my dad. My dad just keeps on walking
It's the small things in life:
They gave me the silent treatment because I refused to give them a ride ONCE
Think you can outdrink me? Think again.
I ruined the life of my bully
Owner is scumbag spitting in food and bullying autistic children have fun +1 (347) 597-7110
Cheat me out of my time and don't obey school rules? I won't allow you to have class.
Tech Giant acts childish so I got petty
Unintentionally owned my middle school bully
Next door neighbour lies to police and landlord about me being a nuisance, I exact my revenge when she finally drives me out
Made them pay multiple times
Karma Revenge
Can’t change money? Fine. I put it on my card and take it out immediately wasting our time
Never play a drinking game with me.
Petty revenge against smug girl
Girls can tell when other girls are trying to compete with them. It's weird.
Next door neighbor keeps letting their dogs and cats poop and ruin our property. How can I teach them a lesson?
Think you can scam me? I know more about you than you think.
You can have it
Uncle passes away, locks niece out of his fortune because she treated him like a purse.On the off chance I did get a few hours of sleep id wake up to my neighbor gagging! Enjoy the smoke alarm!
A small one
A small one
Tailgate me? Ok have some spit
The Lego Bin Revenge
Not my best moment
You're representing your company!
Neighbor antagonized me all year, so I (quite literally) gave him a taste of his own medicine
Sweet petty revenge on a middle school teacher
Hospital bill revenge
Alexa alarms
Your X-pen is secured for transport
People should gather outside of the White House and chant “Lock him up”. The look on Trumps face would be too good. Might make the last four years worth it
Goodluck to your newly built PC
Farm Folk vs City Crew.
enjoy your 0400 wake up message.
Need an emergency to help a person? Fine I'll make one up.
Landlady tried to scam me of my deposit
Karen's mother finding out that Trump lost
I mad a political message on Facebook and some guy from my high school called me out and I wanna get petty revenge what can I post on his facebook?
The *Real* Orange Justice
Pick fights because I'm pregnant, I'll spoil your favorite series finale
Throw litter on the ground and I see it? Be aware
Short 6th grade story [old story don't have all details]
I will take a picture and send it to you!
Older brother called me dumb? We're in the same class, now.
A really petty sister.
Called me dumb? We're in the same class now.
Try to prank us? Get bad karma.
Was going to let things go, but...
recorrected a know-it-all kid
Man was rude, so he spent a couple bucks extra
Snow Parking/Blocking
I Got wet sticky revenge on a Karen
You want to be a sexist asshole to the receptionist? Enjoy having all of the spam calls forwarded to your extention.
Revenge on a Bad Roommate
Opinions: Did I go too far?
Swapping my enemies' clothes after PE...
Swapping clothes
Partner leaves stuff lying around...
Jock copies my test answers.
Attack your child for choosing scholarship? Enjoy having your mouth on fire.
Think I lied when I said I got shot? Take the bullets, then.
Hello there just let me shake your hand
Polka music not your style?
The Office Weeaboo
Be part of the solution, not the pollution.
I got my Aunt who I (21f) am on bad terms with for secret Santa, would it be next level petty if I bought her a wetsuit?🤣
I framed a broken part and posted a comment about it 4 years later LOL
Discriminate against my fellow students? Hope you enjoy the Poopocalypse!
Pettily replaced some stickers:)
a fishy tale
A fishy tale.
Talk Shit? Now You're Going to Shit
How I got revenge on a bully's brother
petty revenge to my shitty mum
Bite
Beat up a bully in a snowball fight
My seatmates wants to see me flipped out, but . .
I retook my ps4 back
I need revenge ideas
Smoking problems
Be rude every time you speak to a student? =Get fired
Not grade my assignment, have fun never getting me off your back.
Petty cleaning
Revenge against bully's little brother
Maybe you should have gotten that order delivered...
Macedonian chilli pepper spiked toilet paper
Milk does a body good. Right?
Try to seduce my husband? Have fun with your food never coming out right!
Sales company won’t leave me alone....?
Collection charge? If you say so
Dont let me go to the medical room? Enjoy cleaning up vomit!
Anti-PC
Minecraft revenge story
No RSlash? No Sleeping Tonight!
Play stupid games, win supid prizes
My niece's teacher rickrolled his zoom class
Berate me and my dad? Enjoy wearing a ruined dress!
This was the best unexpected revenge I have ever pulled.
This one is kinda short, but I feel like it belongs here
Parking revenge!
Berate me for not being religious? Enjoy wearing a ruined dress on Christmas!
Do. Not. Mess. With. My. Cats.
Bully me for 21 years, enjoy never getting your post again!
Was Picked on by one Guy in my class when I was in the 4th grade
I can't get over how horribly my toxic ex treated me. I know this is really petty but I get thoughts about wanting to make his life miserable for the shit he put me through when we dated. Any tips on what I could do to get back at him?
Steal Pets, here's a Flaming bag of Feces
Entitled Woman steal pets, well enjoy a nice Flaming pile of crap, literally thats what we did.
If she's gonna be a witch, I'll make living here for her miserable
Want to YEET past me over a double yellow line? Enjoy your ticket!
It's Okay, I Never Believed Your Marriage Would Last :)
My dad put grass seeds on my sisters lawn.
My niece’s teacher rickrolled his entire class
My teacher rickrolled the whole class.
Wanna play punch buggy? Better watch where you punch!
"Don't touch - will kill"
Mom waited 5 years to get her revenge on my Grandpa.
Boys take all the candy, get taught a lesson by Pennywise
Boys take all the candy, get chased by PennywiseKeep on bullying me on Minecraft after I lose most of my stuff, say goodbye to your hard work.
any good revenge services for annoying neigbours?
Shutting down an asshole racist
Sleep with my fiancé, tell me it was a joke and I’ll see if your husband laughs
Housemates messing with the internet? No that won’t do
Returning dumped rubbish
My mom wants to eat the food I bought for myself, I get stuff she doesn't like.
don"t expect to be an ass and get away with it
Be nice please!(accidentally post to myself)
Bring your trash to me and I will return the favor
So.
You should study more rather than asking for help
How my dad and his friends stopped a guy tailgating their van with their full moons
My sister gets absolutely destroyed
Roommate crossed me so I double crossed her
Don't Disrespect the Operators
Seth is as cunt don’t be like Seth
Be a bad friend? I think I'll frame it!
Can’t wear a costume?
Covered my loud neighbor’s doorstep with beans.
Sorry Rainbow flavor unavailable.
Revenge Can Be Sticky Sometimes
Call me twice a day for months? Get screamed at.
He started a spoilers war. I decided to get back as hard as possible
Gonna start a spoiler war with me? Hope you're prepared.
Thinking outside the box
8 days ago a stranger slipped into my wife’s DM’s. For 8 days after I had the time of my life trolling that stranger.
HOA's collection agency unfairly put liens on my neighbor's house, so i put car clamps on their cars
So you want to bully me and kill me in minecraft? get you base griefed and burned loser
Selling a house and new buyer is nitpicking everything......
I have to put my name on my food? Alright
Was young and dumb but needed to wipe the smirk of that d**ks face!
MMORPG secret revenge
Scared the school bully so much, they ran off in fear
Sick of your substance induced chaos. Internet privileges herby revoked.
Getting back that woman who lied just to get a free meal.
Come in late for your shift? Be prepared to stay late.
Gonna be a loud neighbor? Well I hope you like beans.
Neighbour tells me no smoking in the toilette.
Wanna send your entire loyal fanbase to attack me? Say goodbye to your account with 40k+ followers. (And your alt with 8k+!!!)
I Made A Pothead Cry
Who keeps striking my posts down? (Non-story post)
Dog does petty revenge
How my bro and I COMPLETELY DESTROYED a person who was cursing at random players!!!
Karen calls me a slut for wearing a skirt during the pandemic. I take the snack she wants.
Don't piss off the yearbook staff
M aunt got some sweet revenge on her jerk neighbor
My mom serves piping hot revenge to a good ole boy
make me watch your chute for 30 minutes cause you were on your phone in the bathroom? ok, red light
She got a problem with me being gay; she got a bigger problem now being unemployed
make me watch your chute for 30 minutes cause you were in the bathroom on the phone? Ok Red light
I punch a jerk.
Completely Unintentional, But Very Satisfying Petty Revenge
Won’t fix potholes after raising rent? Fine...
I asked my bully if he was a homosapien.
Did I take it too far for $120
Don't Stick to Our Agreement, You Shouldn't Have Been Stepping Out
Be a loud neighbor? Get beaned.
I(30m) moved and initially wanted to surprise my family I bought a house. But they thought i'm still a tenant.
How my bro and I COMPLETELY DESTROYED a person who was cursing at random players!!!
How my bro and I COMPLETELY DESTROYED a person who was cursing at random players!!! &lt;( ' w ' )&gt;
How me and my bro COMPLETELY DESTROYED a person who was cussing at random players in a video game !!!
40+yr old man gets instant karma
My best experience with a telemarketer.
40+yr old man gets his instant karma
Toxic kid gets permanently banned
Accused of lying and incompetence, I shoved burning facts down their throats and created a reminder they'll never forget.
Samoyed Husky Mix Characteristics &amp; Facts | Samoyed Husky
A Karen calls me a slut for wearing a skirt during a pandemic. I buy the last box of the snack she wanted.
okay here is the story of how i got my bully bullied
Scammers annoy me and my dad I waste their time
I work for my dad and annoy scammers
Caused my group to miss out on 80k total
I bet my flatmates high score on Wii sport bowling
I laminated a 30 day notice onto my roommate’s door with packing tape so he would not have the catharsis of ripping it off when he sees it
I purposely planned our vacation so my brother wouldn’t have to see his bio-mom
Wreck my relaxation; I will take my time with you.
Getting back at form teacher
Parent on other hockey team badmouths our team, gets instant karma
My 6th grade teacher scolded me for eating gum, got some pretty sweet revenge
Someone parked over the line so I couldn't fit the cart between the cars, so I blocked them in with the cart.
Ping Me On Discord For No Reason? Get Pinged Several Times More Than Me.
Send your entire loyal fanbase to harass me for days and cripple my awful mental state even further? Say goodbye to your Twitter account with more than 40k followers... And your alt with 8k.
Wanna steal part of this business? Have some revenge instead.
Send your entire loyal fanbase to harass me for days and cripple my mental state even further than it already is? Say goodbye to your Twitter account with 40k+ followers.... and your alt.
Messing with another stripper's head
A store manager broke my skate board so I snapped his handbrake off
Ungrateful Charity Loses Thousands of Dollars
Never mess with a petty gfx operator
I have been trolling some stranger who hit on my wife on Instagram. Tomorrow will be 1 week from the day we started talking.
Cat Facts?
The pettiest of petty, Among Us edition
When my neighbor met my step-mom
Waste Management Revenge
Waste Management Revenge
Aunt claimed she would “be there” for my ailing mom and wasn’t. So the obituary was slightly changed.
I laminated a 30 day notice onto my roommate’s door with packing tape so he would not have the catharsis of ripping it off when he sees it
Boss threatened my Job
Come in 4 hours late for your shift? Be prepared to stay late.
Don't come in for your shift? Cool, be prepared to stay late tomorrow.Working is ex cons is always guaranteed to be entertaining
Karen bad-mouths my brother's team in a hockey tournament, my friend and I get revenge.
Return of the Socks
Stink-Bug revenge
Stink-Bug revenge
Stink-Bug revenge
Wrongfully getting booted in Among Us
Stink Bug revenge
We're keeping you up with our talking and laughing? Enjoy your wake-up call.
Stink bug revenge
reposting public photos - onlyfans content
Stink bug revenge
The Stink Bug Revenge
The Stink Bug Revenge
My Friend bullied me so I broke his heart
Idiot manager lies to new employee, and then gets made to look silly in front of most of his team.
Rent-A-Cop Revenge
Bought all chocolate cupcakes to piss off a whiny child and rude mother.
No regrets.
Words Can Hurt
Petty revenge against petty shipyard security
Talk shit? I steal your money.
Spam Sites
Get exwife's dream car after defaulting on a loan
A battle buddy in the truest form added his "special sauce" into my cheating ex-girlfriends lotion.
Cheated on while battling cancer, revenge?
petty smokers gets what they deserve.
Ah so you don't like me stepping up to lead the group when no one else would? K.
I like to hack accounts
How I deal with relationship jealousy around Instagram
Don't like colored things? I can fix that
Free pornos, nudes, live shows, daily chatting and more all with one girl !!!
Free pornos, nudes, live shows, daily chatting and more all with one girl !!!
dad messes with me and i leave the lights on
dad flips me the brid and i left the lights on
dad is wierd
kid makes his dads head hurt
dunno why im doing this lol
Bros Try to Take Credit for My Code, They Fail in More Ways Than One
TP'ed a kid's house for pooping behind a climbing wall
I just wanted a pressure gauge
Won’t work for me when I’m sick? Ok bet.
Need revenge ideas
It all started with sand that smelt like wee....
Overcharged is for 15mbps download and 5mbps upload, our internet name is now a “billboard”
Satisfying workaround for poor customer service at a chain party store...
Babysitter neglects my son, I make her life a living hell.
Ohayou Sayori! (Doki Doki Literature Club Petty Revenge)
Shitty Neighbor Gets What He Deserves
Feathered Friends in High Places
Karma has a way of fixing things...
Getting back at that girl who cheated a meal from me.
I might go to jail and don't know if I should've done it.
Beggin’ for an eggin’
No worries, I have dirt on you
Harasser sends Twitter Horde to my Page, Horde Mass Blocks me
I've spent 10 years slowly framing my horrible great-aunt as an LGBTQA+ ally
A girl lied to cheat a meal from me. Let see how catfishing her would suit her.
No free bacon for you then.
That was our parking spot
My bad mic finally came in handy
Ruin ex wife's wedding
Parent stops me from listening to music
Try to stop me from going to the bathroom? Okay, then.
Self-aggrandized manager gets mocked
the one with the paint
You Made me Fail
Self promoter gets his account screwed over for the next few hours
You want your food for free? Okay, just wait "a little moment"
Circumsised an asshole
You want your food for free? Okay, just wait here "for a little moment"
A pretty fishy revenge, in the scale of things
Made a website and product line inspired by a problem neighbor, enjoy. NSFW due to language.
Cut in line? Get delayed
Drink my expensive alcohol? Prepare for an onslaught of dick pics
Make me wait an hour and then don't show up? Hope you like pigeons
How I stopped a kid from taking my chair
You stole a controller from me? I made you lose in Monopoly
Every now and then, I attach my former boss's phone number to a craigslist ad for a free tv in Manhattan
You stole a controller from me? I made you lose in Monopoly
You take my controller from me? I bankrupted you on Monopoly
Neighbor thought we were putting our dogs poop on his property so he collected it all and dumped it on our doorstep. Turned out to be our property.
Touch my station? I’ll make sure you never get caffeine again
Spawn Camping? Have fun by yourself.
Girl try to snitch
I wanted attention from my mom, and I got what I deserved
Lost items go to the police station? Fine. Guess you don't need your keys then
How we got a bit of petty revenge on our nightmare neighbours
Tailgater me? Ok be spat on
Tailgate me? Ok now clean your windshield
Mind game a Karen.
My friend’s ex called her manipulative so....
I need help from the kings and queens of pettiness
How i used a fan and a cat to get revenge on my boyfriend.
I had the person that almost got me fired from my job , fired from his job a year later
Revenge on my flatmates
I became a Karen and messed with a telephone fraud
Petty pencil
Revenge is a Dish Best Not Served to You
R/PettyRevenge Where OP Gets revenge on her sisterR/PettyRevenge Where OP Gets revenge on her bully sister
Revenge on narcissist ex
I moved my Dad’s stuff around for years.
Small but satisfying revenge at the gas station
Lying to get a meal? Let's see how you feel being done that back to you.
Is this too much??
You deserve what you get for lying.
Won't Check my Shoes for Spiders? Guess You Should Check Yours too!
You Won't Check My Shoes for Spiders? Guess You Should Check Yours too!
I Get Crazy Lady's Free Coffee Taken Away
Helping the consequences along
Getting back at the girl who lied just to get a free meal.
Why lie just to get a free meal? How about me playing the same game as you?
Lying to a date to get a free meal? We can play the same game.
Lying so you can cheat a meal from me? We can play the same game, bitch.
Can't pick up your crap? Well I'll make your bra strap slip.
Made her bra straps slip
Good luck sleeping
My truck smokes and makes a licking noise and it's driving me insane
my ex boyfriend (M18) cheated on me (F17) with a 13 year old girl.
Super loud upstairs nieghbors
My family estranged me and I ended up with the house
No wifi for you!!! Hahaha I own the wifi.
You want to ignore no entry signs? I'm not in a hurry.
I left sex toys on my nightstand to keep my dad out of my room
So you're not in a hurry? Okay then I guess you don't need to overtake, right?
Chemical warfare used to teach coworker manners... #Pettyrevenge
what’s a good response to “didn’t believe in magic until my friend turned into a snake”
If you gonna be a dick, I'll give you a dick.
Treat your waitress like crap you will not be happy with your food.
Just A File... Right?
Disrupt my class? Enjoy an electrostatic shock.
Disturb my class? Enjoy an electrostatic shock.
Have the students build it...
Stole My Package?
No payment for my art? Enjoy the wonky pizza orders.
My coworker pushed her workload on me, so I ruined her summer.
Make my life hell I’ll make your’s hell too
Too Cheap to Tip, Too Cheap to Order.
FIVE FISH SOUPS.
Don’t take my cologne
Using speaker phone in the toilet in public
My(19m) sisters(17f) ex(18m) gotten his revenge for abusing my sister
Spiteful Purchase
Shared apartment laundry machines.
You think cause you’re my boss you can be unprofessional and chat shit behind my back? Well *cough cough* I’m sick.
Participation doesn't matter, huh?
Little Miss Revenge — the fall of a beauty queen
Accidental petty revenge
Talk to me like rubbish? Wait extra time for your mayo chicken
FOOOOOOOD FIIIIIGHT!!!
So you’re sick huh?
Want me to do your languaging for you?
You literally drove me crazy for years time for pay back!
call me with your loudest Chewbacca impression
How I got revenge on the bitch that got me fired
April fools
Distract me in class, have fun not playing sport
Instant Karma hits ya right in the balls
How I deal with my road rage:
Tailgate me? Ok, be spat on
Petty roommates deserve petty treatment
Homeowner has to cut down fence. Paints remainder neon colours
Posted this in r/choosing beggars. But thought it suited this page better.
keep me up with all your loud partying, i’ll take the cutlery tray
"I just want you to want to be here."
Nothing They Could Do
Nice Audi, Dude
Say I’m faking it when I call in sick? Fine have fun not reaching me to cover your shift
Revenge on the Little Sister
I can make noises also
Passive aggressive
Nepotism is nothing to be alarmed about
Tire problem
Keep parking in my spot? We’ll block you in.
Try to scam me? I will spam you.
Spam my email? I will spam yours.
My mother in law is a mean witch but I get back at her almost everyday.
Forcing me to drink even when I said no? Fine, I’ll spill the cup of expensive alcohol you just poured for me.
A small hotel revenge.
Don’t pay your rent? Have fun on your dating sites.
Caught my ex cheating, I turned the bed into a buffet.
Noisy neighbours get paid in kind.
Falsely accuse me for hacking you and get me in trouble, well let's just say that success is the best revenge...
Called out my ex for cheating on her now HUSBAND with my best friend
Coffee Revenge
Guide: How to Pour Water into Car Gas Tanks. 2020
Need help with a victory!
Won't remove your mask for me to understand you? Fine, I'll play dumb with you
My Parents Backed Out Of Giving Me A Birthday Present That They Promised. So I've been Slowly taking some of their Money over the past few months until I reach the amount of money the Present was worth.
Pro Revenge... Fired? Are you sure? OK.
Eating my snacks? Accept the coldness.
Very petty Facebook group drama
Very petty Facebook group drama.
Don't burn the bridges you haven't crossed
Tell me I am a shitty teammate and then ask me to walk you on grad night? Enjoy going solo!
Don't mess with my coffee
Bad Customer Service? Game On!
New GF won't stop oversharing our private messages with Mom.
Drive Thru Line RevengeDon't mess with my coffee
Don't mess with my coffee
Popular girl bullies me in middle school then in highschool I make her an outcast.
A grown man violently yelled at an old lady because she took a parking space she wanted before peeling out into the spot next to her. He continued to go inside and slam our produce around.
Refuse to sign for equipment because you dont have someone trained, ok fine.
Italian Army problems
Don’t pay me for months? Enjoy unburying your car.
Years ago my ex screwed someone else.
My former boss fucked me over &amp; didn't believe me when a male coworker was harassing me so I got my revenge
My dad takes revenge
Give me food poisoning, you about to have a shitty time.
Starlight International786
Petty Facebook group Drama
Bully ends up with no friends
Dump out my laundry? Enjoy being pretty in pink.
How to get revenge on ex who sends snaps of her making out with new hookups and brags about her "dick appointments" to me
Sand castle
I ruined my neighbours weed
So earlier this year a small beef broke out with one of my neighbours. Started with an overly powerful patio light, led to cursing and raised voices. He grows marijuana, legal in Canada. Well its crop season and I grew male plants that cross-pollinated and made his weed garbage.
Make me work like a manager but pay me like a grunt? Say goodbye to your last good worker a week before your precious Vacation.
Sister wouldn’t stop having loud sex so... surprise stew.
It was in my name ;)
I Drained My Mom's Bank Account when I Turned 18
Neighbors kept me up last night with their loud sex at like 2 in the morning.
I achieved revenge on behalf of a radio DJ and it paid off quite well.
Oh you want to be a creep? Here let me give you a taste of your own medicine.
Won't remove your mask for me? Fine I'll play deaf
Dumping an amazon haul into our work dumpster..
Niegbors cut branches off trees, we plant more
Excuse me ma'am, I think I found your items and it said "reward if found."
Hit and run, oh no you don't
Play stupid games, win stupid prizes
Set a million alarms? Late to work
I stalked my brother with soda
Be a bad neighbor? So can I... 😏
I love my life
Petty Revenge: Canadian Style
Alex! Play Bitches Ain't Shit by Dr. Dre (PART TWO)
Have a party during a pandemic? Ill make sure you don't sleep
Hope this is enough for ya'll
Drill sergeant finishes doing the pushups himself
Curiosity Killed Your Nostril
Laptop scam
Using me to babysit your kids while you cheat on me.. look out ..
Now your job.
He stole my toy i stole it back
Accuse me of "cheating"?
Money-bumming parasite tricked into a tight spot.
A stranger scammed me out of $300 online. I tracked him down, called his dad's work phone, and got my money back.
Don’t be an unpopular leader
Roommate wants tea? Too bad
My old boss upset me so I'm getting even
Competing business kept butt dialing me, sent a message by mistake to drive 300+ Miles confusing me for one of his employees. Basically told him I quit and turned off my phone.
I am a Ship Agent ! I'll quit this job and any other job that I do not work for!
Give Me Your Energy Drink
A person robbed from me on Discord multiple times, so I robbed them back
A stranger scammed me out of $300 online. I tracked him down, called his dad's work phone, and got my money back.
A small victory, but a brutal sexual put-down leads to endless laughter.
Old supervisor wants me to clock in for her, gets a surprise!
Bad Referrals to Ex Boss
Tailgating truck driver
My chair!
My chair!
Blizzard revenge
Enjoy your new shopping cart.
Enjoy your shopping cart!
People won’t break down their boxes.
Entitled Old People at swimming Pool
Doppelganger...?
Got a cranky old driver to shut up and wait
The Dog Bite
Trying to Get Rid of a Bad Roommate, Send Help!
Mess with the photographer? Gain a few pounds.
Sh*t Talk
Not eating those cookies? - No problem.
Quit my job. No notice.
Make fun of me because my mom makes my lunch? Wait til my dad finds out...
A very purple petty revenge move
Tree hugging neighbor claims she owns everything
Neighbor thinks she owns every tree on the shared fenceline
Brag about your money, I will help someone get more than you.
Italian army problems
Italian Army problems...
I want my community reddit fans to help and to keep quite
If you have an a$$hat of a customer
They won’t social distance while voting. Happening right now.
Want me to act dumb? Alright then
Call us " f****ts" and we aggressively and publicly egg you car.
Get me fired based on texts? Let’s see how the employer feels about ALL the texts you’ve sent.
How do I get back at a hotel that cancelled my booking and put me out on the street at 11pm?
Hotel put me out on the street at 11pm - please help me get their rating below 4
Co-worker lunch thief eats Dog Biscuits
How I killed a few students grades
Karen Won't Follow Protocol so I Get Her Free Coffee Taken Away
An old but gold story (long)
Karen Refuses to Follow Protocol so I Get Her Free Coffee Taken Away
Karen Refuses to Follow Protocol so I Get Her Free Coffee Taken Away
Karen Refuses to Follow COVID Protocol so I Get Her Free Coffee Taken Away
Play Stupid Games, Win Stupid Prizes
Not quite a revenge story, but I want to share. More of a karmic punishment.The Milkweeds won
Waste my time, I’ll waste yours.
Baseball coach playing favorites
Never push someone of a ledge in minecraft
going for their meaning / purpose, even if it's petty
My GF encounters an actual real Karen
They blindsided me so I quit
Never push someone off a cliff into lava inMinecraft.
Anyone know a way to mess with someone with just their phone number
What's the best silent revenge?
My girlfriend encountered a REAL named Karen
That time I convinced my band director that I don’t need to audition
There is no right or wrong
revenge is best served cold
Garbage
You want to play with my bra? I'll bring you one of your own.
garbage
Happy Bin Day
Don't want to empty your mailbox? Don't get mail then
Litter bug smoker gets his bicycle toasted
Petty revenge vs petty revenge?
Brat in a game of Sprout
Oh no! Not windshield wiper fluid!
Ask me for a favor and then slam me, well good luck.
Sent the cocky sales manager back in an uber :)
A kid makes fun of my autistic brother, so I let him have it.
Valentines Day stinks
Call me ugly? I'll call the police.
The time my cat got revenge
YOU SHALL NOT PASS!
Litter Bug
Enjoy the smell...
Litter bug.
Sleeping time
My cousin cussed me out so I turned off his PS4
Touch my food? I'll eat your doughnut.
Touch my food? I'll eat your doughnut.
U poop our hood? Ok u get poop
Anyways, you know by the end...
I Left My Mark For Ex To Remember Me!
I Got my Pen Back
This is an Among Us petty revenge story. I hope you enjoy!
My dad is a dick
Steal from another bride? You will end up cutting your own wedding short
Annoy me about not eating cereal the "right way"?Have fun with no bowl for your own cereal
These both Teamers ruined everyone's time on the game, so I ruined there day.
You won’t pay 4 dollars for soap? Ok, everything I bought is mine.
I was told that music posted to Reddit isn't worth listening to, because it is terrible music. So I spent the last year trying to prove that statement wrong. I have listened to 14,000 songs posted to Reddit by independent artists. Whenever I ran into one that blew me away I added it to this archive
Small revenge
Swing abuser
You are not letting me change lanes?
Mess with my best girl, your new bf, and me? Let me smack some sense into you
Outsmarted the fool who thought he outsmarted me. Revenge one and part one of revenge two.
My girlfriend ran off with her ex
Got revenge on bullies in school
food theft get wasabi bomb
You make pool not fun, so you aren’t playing anymore
Petty Is As Petty Does
A Short Story of a Karen getting her Just Deserts. (with a short bonus sweet petty revenge story on Karen again)
You opened the door, but I'm walking through it.
Neighbor makes homeowner shorten fence by 2 feet, homeowner gets the last laugh
I called out on Black Friday
Don't you ever f*ck with me
Prank call for a YouTube video have fun with the spam.
Jerk Neighbor was blasting the radio at full volume right under my window so every time a commercial came on I made really loud comments about what great deals they were.
About to fire me? How about I turn you into a loyal client to my brand new startup instead.
Break up with me? meet my brother. He'll take care of the minecraft revenge
Ex cheated on me. Threw a party full of girls.
Ex cheated on me. Threw a party on a boat with tinder dates.
I downvoted every single one of someone’s posts and comments who was asking for free karma bc they seemed like a genuine asshole.
Pretty tree here, pretty tree there, pretty trees EVERYWHERE!!!
Revenge on my Neighbors: In Deep Cat Poop
You took your hatred of my father out on me. You can die alone, and forgotten.
Threaten my dog? Get your truck towed.
Help ruining my ex’s relationship/life
Democrat email subscription list for racist grandpa
Race to McDonald’s I’ll pretend I’m deaf!
Don't want to give me access? Here you have hundreds of emails.
Don't want to give me access? Here is one email for each minor case.
My Ex Destroyed my expensive hoodies this is what I did....
I spat water in my teachers face
Hh
I’m taking these
Gave my neighbour a ticket, now they don't park there anymore
I Almost Black Faxed My Old Union Over $40
Vintage toy Karen loses out
Housemate came home with GF at 1am and had loud sex, spoke on the phone on speaker for 20mins, and wouldn't let me sleep.
Struggle with the printer, Karen
I did exactly what my Karen coworker complained about me doing and there was nothing she could do about it.
Bully me at work? Enjoy an insanely long commute.
Giving My Little Sibling a Taste of Their Own Medicine
Teacher's revenge on a cruel student.
Woman tries to cut me off in front of store, but karma happened very quickly.
The Pizza Bandit
Catfish revenge anyone?
Homophobic pal gets spammed with d***-pics from strangers
A Two-Faced "Friend" &amp; One Dark Irony
A Two-Faced Friend &amp; One Dark Irony
Two-Faced friend Faced with Telemarketers and Auto-Dialing Spam Bots
He said he wanted proof, so I gave it to him.He took over my bathroom while i had a broken ankle and couldn't use it... so I used cologne on his stuff!
My Minecraft revenge
My Minecraft revenge
The Pizza Bandit
Coach tried to sabotage my race...
Pettiness in all life forms. Short but sweet.
The Pizza Bandit
Don’t hate the Cowboys!
Petty revenge on the office prankster
Exam week stress
Generic bully revenge
A short but petty revenge featuring donuts
My husband avenged me!
If you don’t listen you clean up the vomit
Killing the neighbors avocado tree
Karen family shopping
Loans Consultant gets lesson on age profiling
Shout At Me In Front Of Everybody For Being 5ft Away From a Bus Stop...? I Report You For Not Wearing Your Mask Properly
Laundry Guy
Rapper disses other rapper because he dissed youtuber
Park in my drive way say good bye to using your car
While in college.....
So that’s what management will do? Ok!
Revenge on me from my teenage neighbor
Make my daughter cry, enjoy shitting yourself
Candy bandits
So that’s what management will do? Ok!
Oh sir, this transaction can take as long as you need. I'm paid by the hour.
This transaction can take as long as you need, sir. I'm paid by the hour.
Be mean? No coffee for you!
Honk and flash me? Watch me slow down.
I Smell Gas...
Petty annoyance
A 19th Century Tale of Industry, Feuds and Petty Revenge
Using a "Karen"'s own words against her. Don't insult my dog!
How is bbq roadkill
Karen family shopping
Remove my Shoes From The Wash, Enjoy Your Soaking Wet Clothes
Revenge on a scammer
Trash talking kid needs to get his ass handed to him
I escaped my abuser and gave away his weed
How to get rid of the industry of telemarketing
You beg for a magic item?,here’s one
Trash talking kid
Revenge on the neighbors’ kids intrusion on our property.
Never underestimate my ability to retaliate, even 500 miles away
Sweet sweet revenge
I made the district manger lose his store
Kick me from your among us server? Prepare to be inconvenienced
Trying to pass a semi with a road rager
Kick me from your among us server? for no reason? Prepare to be inconvenienced
Petty revenge on neighbor playing loud music
Drunk Driving Teen Gets an Interesting Surprise in the Morning.
Logger Truck Vs. 18-Wheeler
I (sort of) Destroyed the Social and School Life of the Kid who Cyberbullied Me
I helped Chad leave his phone behind on airport security.
You ignore your do not cross sign, I murder your cookies.
Mean waitress: That time I definitely wasn’t the bigger person
Ignore my email? I’ll just stop showing up.
My brother embarrassed the school when they got upset my nephew covered the laptop's camera
Have a lemonade with those biscuits
Petty Revenge on my last day.
My foetal physiology lecture vs your shitty music? Game on
Everyone's got selective hearing in pharmacy
Singing about lack of love from a nonexistent husband to upset my brother! Revenge time!
Singing about lack of love from a nonexistent husband to upset my brother! Revenge time!
Going to complain about me doing more work? Fine, I'll stop.
Wife and I got into an argument last night. So this morning while she’s at work and it’s my day off. I got me and our 2 year old son dressed up in matching flannels and are going out grocery shopping and might snap a few pictures to piss off the wife.
Pop figure war
How I got revenge on my friend for stealing my book
Pedo guys, just fuck this piece of shit plz
This is not a story, this is a wish, i have the dox of two pedo guys and i wish to anyone FUCK the lifes of this guys plz
Whenever I sign into public WiFi I use my ex bosses information just in case it gets spammed by junk mail
How a road rage driver got his just desserts
Blanket fort destruction
Petty revenge while driving
Scare me, well I'll scare you.
This honestly isn’t that good but anyway
My dog will eat your dog for breakfast
Don't mess with the workers
Just a dash of comeuppance
IRS scam revenge
How I made an Egocentric Creep looked like an idiot
Sorry, Not Sorry
Roommate having really loud sex
Rip up my Fence and Front Garden, lose your pos car and Pay to put my Garden Back to Normal.
They accidentally made me cry over cig butts
You out me to look not sus in among us I will out you
You out me to look not sus in among us I will out you
Ohayou Sayori! (Doki Doki Literature Club Petty Revenge)
Ohayou Sayori! (Doki Doki Literature Club Petty Revenge)
Who Flung Poo
Road rage and a petty driver
Break up with me for a pedophile well here you go
I Rick-Rolled a stranger :)
I play loud hentai porn when my roommate is video chatting.
My neighbor likes to post like a real Richard Trickle.
Wanna be a bad neighbor? I’ll show you a bad neighbor.
A satisfying way to get revenge on an old white man telling me I'm anti-feminist
I set my neighbours car alarm off every morningSapphires aren't a Karen's best friend.
Kid threw sand at my sister's hair and i pushed him into the sand
I stole my flat iron back from my aunt
Petty revenge on an asshole ex
My classmates got revenge for me
Steal my treasured shampoo? You bet I'm taking it back
Threaten me? Your parents will hear about this one
Threatening me even though it is your fault? Your parents will hear about this one
I painted my pool green after my neighbour complained about my green pool.
The neighbour complained about our green pool. So we renovated the whole yard, including repainting the pool....dark green!
Ex SERIOUSLY fucked me over
Steal my expensive and treasured shampoo? You bet I'm taking it back
Need means of revenge for person 1000 miles away. He has OCD and is a Jesus freak. Ideas?
I stole my flat iron back from my aunt
I destroy a kid in a game he cusses at me for being bad at
HELP!! He's gone too far
Scamming personal trainer gets served with court papers
Pulled up on someone over $70
Scammer ripped me off on marketplace.
Someone randomly tried to troll me on Instagram... so I just copy and pasted everything they said. They stopped.
Business partners stole our concept, forced us out and now we’re opening several locations across the state while 1 faces jail time.
Business partners stole our concept, forced us out and now we’re opening several locations across the state while 1 faces jail time.
Going to mess me up as a teen, good luck seeing your grandkids!
Cyclists also have to obey traffic laws
Guy bullies furry on discord roblox, gets banned instead.
The girl can't make up her mind
Comic Sans as the prettiest of PR tools.
Most Annoying Spam Email?
How do you put manipulative, lying people in their place when you can't cut them off of confront them?
I hope they serve cold brew in
He who smelt it, dealt it!
Entitled Karen doesn't follow her own rules xD
Think twice before spoiling my favorite show
Doing no work in school? Get grade nuked!
Clean your dirty tubes
I ran the entire department at my workplace and had it operating better than it has in many years. My company treated me horribly and never appreciated everything I know and do. Tomorrow is my last day, and they are now starting to panic, so I got them this card.
Fully Expect My Help While You Aren't Willing to Give Any in Return? Enjoy a Bad Reference
My roommate humiliated me because I complain about his messes
Petty Revenge - Discord Edition
Discord Revenge.
The Biggest Shit
He pees or I go full Karen
Who has the Stuffed shells?
One kid was playing Among Us on 2 devices in the same lobby, so me and my friend flipped it back to them
I hope they serve cold brew in jail
Stare at me for being weird? Get a taste of your own medicine.
Revenge of the Llamas
Getting even on GTA
Killing them just to inconvenience them
I hope they serve cold brew in jail
I'm not gonna pay for your comfort
Ruin me in school and make my life worse? I will try to get you expelled (semi-fail)
Pet Foils Thief
Park like an idiot? Have fun getting into your car
Sharing is caring, and Karen ain’t caring
Dont be rude guys
Try harder to lie... and be careful to the person you're talking with
Try harder to lie... and be careful to the person you are talking with
Some people really piss me off.
Blocking my driveway
Ruin Friendships? Get Banned!
Want to sign someone up for spam calls. They put something in my air vents and I probably need a new car.
I had unknown language skills and it saved me from some horrible problems with a coworker.
Dependa's and Parking in Army housing
President abandons city after they didn’t want a jail in the middle of a residential area.
She tried to make me lose my temper, instead she lost hers
Ride my ass on the highway? Have fun getting pulled over.
Neighbors shoot themselves in the foot with lies
My step brother stole from me I got his suspended from school for 7 months
"You need to be smacked and smacked hard."
Piss me off, I Drive you out Devil
shut up turkey sandwich
I ruined your maple syrup, while I drank your vodka and then replaced it with water.
Don’t like my dog? How about 5k+ littering fine?
The Petty Laundry Revenge
Don't mess with a kid who's ancestor is a Samurai
Husband gets petty, wife retaliated
How I kept an annoying bully up on Halloween.
My revenge on a girl in school that broke my leg
throw away my plants? your ring will go missing.
Don’t open my mail
Popular kid tries to annoy me
Be rude to an employee? I’ll embarrass you in front of everyone
i cant play the piano? look at this contract bitch
Piss me off, I drive you out Devil
Autoclicker homework
A friendly reminder to tell the truth you might be forgiven
Does it Count if We Didn't Know?
I'll teach you to keep those sticky little fingers to yourself.
My girlfriend and i broke up so i moved out of our bachelor pad in to a large house with 6 girls.
The day my friend got revenge
I’m making my GFs brothers GF a living hell
My Girlfriends Brothers Girlfriend
Cut me out of your life and expect free adobe from me?
I wouldn’t eat that if I were you..
Tell me a woman's place? I'm sure there's a woman who would love that commission.
Generating Noise
Bully a small person? you get what you deserve
Upset my guests and talk shit to me? I shred your ID
I’m not sure if I’m posting this in the right placeLoud neibours dont let me sleep, I turn off your electricity
My GFs father is blackmailing us
I am happy
My friend force muted me on discord so I did this (this is a recreation thx for u/Timeless_Universe for making this with me I couldn't send a picture here)
I am no longer taking the garbage to the curb
Pay to store a broken sofa? No thanks, how about you have my notice?
She turned off my laptop so I increased the brightness on my phone.
Crooked Lamination
The assholes on the roller coaster
Call me a trump supporter for asking you to park in your reserved parking instead of mine? Enjoy listening to how much I don't support trump all night long.
Embarrass me at work? Explain to your boss why your desk is moaning and covered in glitter.
Just do it, I don't care how
You sent me 6 pages and the last few pages are riddled with sus words
Friendship ruined by a booty call–I returned his birthday gift and donated the money to his least favourite cause
How do I get back on housemate for trying to sneak past the wifi admin password and throttle everyone's MAC address but his?
Make me wait for my refund? I'll make you wait to close off the case...
Put my best photos on public on fb to make my partners exes even more insecure
How do I deal with rude ass neighbors that keep throwing dead lizards in my driveway?
Friendship ruined by booty call gone bad; returned his birthday present and donated the money to his least favourite cause
why didn't we think of this before
Dumping your trash on the ground? You look thirsty.
Why didn't we think of this earlier.
You wanna dress code me at home? Fine.
Kill me? I'll get them to turn on you, an Among Us story.
revenge on abusive manager
Fall upon him!
Help me?
Don't make fun of history lovers
Dumping your trash on the ground? You look thirsty.
Dumping trash at the drive through? You look thirsty.
You wanna bully me? Enjoy your mountain of condoms!
SB thinks he can trust me with his money after being rude and mean to me
SB thinks he can trust me with his money after being a A-hole to me
SB thinks he can trust me with a big amount of money while he was being a big A-Hole to me
Minimum Salary? Maximum Paid Vacation
The tale of the van man and my petty plan
Be a drunk ass at a party? Suffer in the morning.
How to get revenge on Facebook marketplace time wasters
my little brother makes fun of me for failing in school i roast his ass
Here's Pie in Your Eye
shut up turkey sandwich
You make more than me? how about now…?
Yes, i will pay your college
Don’t touch my clothes
Try and steal my fiance? I will make you lose business.
Try to steal my fiance? I'll stop you from getting business.
My cat's back, became a painting.
First post, going to get some juicy petty revenge on the Panera bread in my town for not giving me what I paid for, then not making it right.
get a child raped because I want a divorce
Bjdbf
Don’t touch my clothes.
Roblox scammer gets what he deserves.
You will not be my new supervisor!
park like an a-hole. i hope you get what you deserve
Explicit music playing in bar, revenge on new management.
Take that mom
Try to steal my fiancé? I’ll help you lose business later.
Touchè muthafucker
Try to seal my fiancé and I’ll make you lost business and money later.
Try to steal my fiancé... lose some business.
Unpopular officer called liked to bully people around, this was my response
You want to deprive our whole culdesac of sleep for years with loud music in the middle of the night? Let us be your alarm clock in the morning.
Threaten my license and force me to work? Ok then...
Scammer had all his info public, so I messaged his mother
Why you shouldn't try to screw over the wedding photographer
Don't Piss off the Photographer...
Forget to flush the toilet? Fine ill remind you
Forget to flush my toilet multiple times? Fine, I’ll make sure you remember
I turn off the living room TV everytime my brother is watching something
Dont let this get big... Someone owed me 50$ so I turned their Subaru into a "Shitbaru"
Sorry about your phone, brah.
Guy at the Taco Bell drive thru gave me free food
How She Made Her Millions: Stealing Tea
Forcing my little brother to share for once
I'm not indoctrated to your BS mum.
Make fun of my manhood to my gf? Enjoy your forbidden food.
Its too late. 🤷🏾‍♀️
Kids repeatedly try to cause car accident and tell me their going to tell the police its my fault
Question: Yard sign theft deterrent
Free sausages!
I randomly went looking for my old middle school bully on Facebook...
I forced a major ski resort to pay for a new tram.
My girlfriend and i broke up so i moved out of our bachelor pad in to a large house with 6 girls.
Who drank my P?
Park on my driveway, enjoy your weekend stay!
Sweet Victory:
A prom tale from the hells of a retail worker
My husband abused me and cheated on me while I was pregnant
Don't Mess with my Mother
Won't turn down your music? Enjoy my vacuum.
This is what my hair would look like blonde!
Shit talker banned for being to young
My mum and my husband in cahoots
Email
Keep waiting for your package
Bully a member of my team will you? Condescend? Yes? Wrong answer.
Ideas
Piss me off? I’ll introduce you to a little spice in life
A woman was dumb enough to tell her two children cruel things abt me while I was standing next to her in an elevator
Moving out, need some revenge advice.Where can I give a scammers phone number?
Where can I give a scammers phone number?
I wanted to play with your cars, but you never let me
Dying Aunt gets revenge on cheating Uncle.
Thought this lost might belong here.
Steal my stuff? Get glittered.
Cheat on my Cousin, Lose your Shirt
I originally posted this on pro revenge, but they said it belonged here
Irritate me? Scratch your head wondering why the microwave won't heat up your coffee..
Don’t want to pay me back for stealing my things? No problem you can pay some fines instead!
Don't talk in the bathroom
Why not to cut someone off in the company car.
Preface, not sure if Malicious Compliance or Petty Revenge. Both happened to be sure.
This is a cross post from myself that I contemplated but didn't until it was suggested.
You try steal my logs I steal from you and arrest you!
Made my aunt pay me back with sriracha
Guy didn’t pay me for my work what can I do
That’ll be $20, please
Boomer gets rosted
Petty passive office pranks: nerf guns and the twilight zone
Neighbor got some to complain about. Then stopped complaining.
Don’t want to listen? Have it your way.
Enjoying my sandwich?
THIS GUY SCAMMED ME OF MY MONEY PLEASE HELP!!!! PRANK CALL THIS DOUCHE!!!
I give you plenty of notice, but I can't spend my mom's birthday with her before moving cross-country? Okay, I'm leaving now.
Let your kids run wild in my shoe department guess what, you’re buying shoes for them and not the $90 shoes you wanted... oh and you may lose them too.
Your new Instagram friend knows who I am now.
Oh, you want to steal a spot?
Don’t like my offer to pay for half the cost of a new stove? That will cost you.
Rudeness will cost you; $20 to be exact.
Ms mommy knows her Origami
Ms Mommy Knows Her Origami
A bump and a stain will cost you $20
expose
pettyness at its fineetes
Call me lazy? Okay, I'll be lazy.
Steal my parking spot? That just cost you $20!
Not a story but need some advice/ your thoughts
Creepers gonna creep
Annoying teacher? use this
I’m redundant yet you “need me”, please enjoy waiting until the last minute for everything.
Husband gets his own back with regard to friend's comment
Roomate tries to accuse me for stealing his stuff......
Let's make some noise!
Friend loses glasses for being a d bag
Facebook employee disabled my Instagram for filing intellectual property claim against friend
Idiot Brother and Tobacco Misuse
My Petty Revenge On Behalf of My Friend
Revenge in a hole
Impatient guy at stop sign
Racist drunk wants me to serve more booze ok cool cool cool.
Finally have a story
Tweaker revenge
Someone doesn't know how the jukebox works
Jerk neighbor needs taught a lesson
Asshole neighbor needs taught a lesson.
With apologies to anyone who sews
Cheat on my sister then laugh about it? Utter humiliation incoming.
Dick Pics
Can I feed the ducks in peace Karen?
Cat food sandwiches
Petty (and effective) revenge on a honking car
The Thank You Note
The Thank You Note
My (Ex)Boyfriend Cheated On Me So Seduced Him &amp; Shit On Him
Long time reader, first time poster
A nice cup of coffee to start your day.
Kid sprays me with water, gets detention
Idiot sprays me with water, gets detention.
Road Rage Karma or A Cop When You Need One!
I need some advice.
I lied and stopped my bully from drinking!
Old friend refuses to give my stuff back
Shitty Roommate...Revenge
After 23 years of mistreatment, Mom uses Grandmother’s sari petticoats as guinea pig bedding
My students kicked my ex students butts at competition
Initiation
Call me out infront of other managers, I'll make you regret it.
My neighbours build a house on my land
That was an expensive engine
Please negatively review.
I forced my employer to throw away almost $7000 worth of meat
You call me fat? Hope you like your low-fat low-sugar diet birthday cake!
Neighbor constantly cranks the bass at 4am. How’d you like some free internet that I control?
Grandparents left me at a buffet, so I peed in their car
Disabled guy sacrifices reputation to keep bully from partying!
Disabled guy uses his honest reputation to keep his bully from getting drunk!
Getting My Neighbors Fined
I can just be a girl? Yea, no
Stop rushing me! You can’t rush good grades!
"Oh, you have poor people's insurance? You'd better impress me at your consultation because I really hate having patients like you."
so you want cheap workers? well....
Feedback would be greatly appreciated
Killed a guy in a video game after he insulted me
Enjoy that spicy tiger balm tingle
Back to you, pal.
Lets go
My family blamed the bad wifi on me so I made it worse.
My friend got cheated on, and sure enough acted a fool
Keep running your mouth about doing training? Ok, now you get to do them alllll.How to stop my neighbour from digging through my garbage?
Rude Neighbor attacks kids and elderly with sprinklers
Keep complaining about doing trainings? Run your mouth at one? Ok, now you get to do them allllll.
Tricked my mom into finally admitting that my cooking was good.
Tailgating Me? Mobile Speed Camera Ahead!
Tailgating &amp; being obnoxious - Hope that speed camera got you!
Caught littering? Make sure your car tax is up to date!
Step mom kicked me out, flipped out, now she shall shit it put
How I ruined a Person who played the victim
If you’re gonna be racist, don’t leave your property in the hands of the person you’re being racist to
You're leaving me? Great, you'll stop flying for free
Drive like an asshole? Get pulled over!
A few bottles of water
I sold my classmate her own earphones
This kid was being a dick so we did this
Petty revenge... REQUEST?
If you’re going to steal all the clothes, I’ll at least make it interesting
While I was in 4th grade I ate another persons lunch to get back at them
While I was in 4th grade I ate my bullies lunch to get back at him
You spent years tormenting me and I'm done, officially!
I just got petty revenge on my ex best friend to her opposing political party!
You need to calm down
Getting my OB kicked out of a ROBUX tournament
The swagfag douchbag at my school that keeps throwing trash in my truck box
I get people to call my mom a bigot every day and I love it
Santa doesn’t like selfish brats
Be a terrible bully to me, I'll get your father involved.
Jerk coworker gets a nosefull
I got revenge on my teacher
Someone at my university took my clothes out of the dryer when they were still wet
Drive like a total asshole, enjoy the petty revenge and sweet justice
Please let me sleep!
Make a false police call on me? Oops, mine was real.
The time I got revenge on my rude customers
Moocher Loses Investor And Gets Owned
Pretend you can't here me? I hope I hurt your stats.
Neighbors motion lights causing havoc, I permanently disable them.
Call me names and underestimate my intelligence... I'll make your job that much harder and get my shit for free.
Mom friend Vs Bully
Pick on my artwork? I'll hack you're website.
minecraft scammer? karma said hi
Park your car on my spot? I will do so too!
He can leave me for my friend, but he can’t remove my blood stains from his $1,000 mattress
My mum got revenge on her backstabbing friend and horrible boss
This is kinda madlad revenge.
humble myself in front of my friends and other school courses? I will make sure to humiliate you in front of the other courses parents teachers and even the mayor
My mom is abusive
Corn 🌽
principal trys to insult a female blacksmith ends up not getting his car worked on
The end of the world
No respect for your basement neighbors? Enjoy forced "quiet time".
use my nickname or I'll use your nickname instead
Ex boyfriend email spamming revenge
This's why you don't piss of the fork-lift driver
So some rando is trying to blackmail me.
Petty Revenge turns Nuclear Thanks to Idiots
Friends abandonment comes full circle
We break up he thought I cheated on him. I tell office there’s drugs in apartment.
Spoof my coworker's phone number? Suffer annoying synthesized trumpets.
Petty, Sweet Revenge Against Neighbors...help!
I anonymously gave my old high school a terrible review on Google.
The fire marshal would like to have a word with you
Revenge on an ex
The best breath I ever took (X-Post from r/idontworkherelady)
Bullying my friend? Hope you enjoy endless spam emails.
Bully my friend? I'll blow up your phone
Refuse to wear a mask and yell at my mom and the other customers who warned you? Tell that to the cops.
I’m going to call out a scumbag for being a scumbag to my best friend and I feel very little remorse for what I’m going to do
I get revenge on my lying cousin
My old dog got revenge after a crop dusting.
Poured salt in my ear? Hope you can read Korean!
A number
Don't mess with the schools smartest student.
us and our neighbors sign war
Blame me for sleeping with with your girl and ill double team her
"It's not up for discussion"
Solve your own problems.
What should I write in my resignation letter as my reason for leaving my job?
You must become an engineer or how my sister ended up teaching English
How my sister got her revenge on my father
How my sister beat my father at his own game
Grandpa takes Traffic Cop to School
Don't spam someone's email box with your bullshit.
Cars who get yelled at for having music gets they’re revenge!
Steal my chocolate, I lock your phone
A just revenge for cheating in War
Abusive Step-dad gets a "special" revenge beverage, and a dose of Karma
Snottiness Paid Back in Overtime
Snottiness Paid Back in Overtime
You think your sister is annoying for fidgeting? You clearly have never met me!
Tricked a bully into apologising
Lemme Tell You About Scam Calls...
I need help
Fake friend uses me and blocks me, gets his account deactivated
Fake Friend uses me for rp and his fetishes, gets his account deactivated
Bf is struggling with alcoholism... so I made a "mixed" drink for him
My cat was very petty.
Patience, my sweet, patience...
Karma for Impatient Karen
Karma for an Impatient KarenNever let your employer hold your first check.......
I killed a bully's social life.
You think your sister is annoying for fidgeting? You clearly have never met me!
Steal our cleaning wipes? Have some paper towels instead
All smoke and windows
That will teach them
No Easter for you
Ooo...piece of candy!
EM pay for insistence
Make me cook dinner every night? Enjoy your plain pasta at 11pm.
Don't short your local delivery drivers...
Yell at me for trying to be courteous, enjoy the sound of my engine
Yell at me for trying to be courteous, enjoy the sound of my engine
Yell at me for trying to be courteous? Enjoy the sound of my engine
Abusive Moocher Gets Shunned
Fake Politician Gets Shunned
You say I don't know about computing? Ok, enjoy how I erase all your data.
UPDATE: Call the police on me? Have your car towed.
UPDATE: Call the police on me? Have your car towed.
Keep making my work hard? Then no drinks for you
Go go power announcements
I was running on the track in a park near my house when an boomer couple ruins it.
my aunt had a special brithday present for my uncle after he didn‘t get her anything for her bd
Scammed by 2 different online sellers in one week. Tables turned
Nearly scammed by 2 different online sellers. Tables turned
Anyone here who made themselves so indispensable at a job they hated, then resigned out of spite?
How I got revenge on a lazy teacher
Im not sure if I'm the bad guy or not
Petty online revenge
My Great-Great-Uncle's Petty Revenge
My bottom floor neighbors used to blast music on their speakers, so I used their tactics against them.
Cat gets revenge
Sensitive Eyes
Don't Try to mess with your Competitors
My Aunt
My 4yr old petty revenge on me.
Somebody ruins pride parade crosswalks, city makes them permanent
I made every day annoying for my pedantic and evil stepmother
Dude with enormous rucksack gets comeuppance..
Petty Xbox Revenge
Purr-fectly Dry Revenge!
Lazy neighbors waking up the baby every day, getting petty revenge
[UPDATE] to I left my cheating ex on top of a mountain
Amazing what you can do with a few ounces of superglue.
The Hurricane Seat
No more gaming for you buddy
No more gaming for you buddy
The Hurricane Seat
Lady Argued with me over 5%
Here’s how to deal with passive-aggressive staff in a restaurant
[Update] My landlord is a control freak | PHASE II.V
[Update] My landlord is a control freak | PHASE II.V
[Update] My landlord is a control freak | PHASE II.V
When you have no choice but to wait
I do all the work, so I get all the credit.
Neighbour took my freshly shovelled parking spot even though I needed to get my grandma to the hospital... so I put the snow back.
The Minecraft Grinder Debate
If you want to act like that, I’ll make sure you’re seen like that.
Kid’s was messing with the squirrel gets karma
Since you want to act like a slut...
I've spent 10 years slowly framing my horrible, incredibly homophobic great-aunt as an ally
The most racist, craziest Karen ever, gets put in her place.
Ramming into a fat lady while go karting
Stealing my parking space?... ok, ok.
Annoying Housemate broke my favourite mug (among many, many other sins...), so I broke his
Butt dialing gossiper gets her karma
I left my cheating ex on the top of a mountain
Divorcing my buddy. Let me fix your pictures!
You'll (g)love this one!
I can't enjoy my dumb humor? Have fun with your demerit!
I can't enjoy my dumb humor? Enjoy your demerit!
Lie to me I'll lie back
I got scammed on an online game and it ruined my day
Begone Thot
Take back something given.
Old man steals my place in line
A little Roommate Revenge
Check your lawn, and check your anger!
Check your lawn, check your anger
My QPP got some petty revenge and I'm still cackling
No, I don’t think that’s how this is going to go.
Birds are petty as fuck
My Mom's work experience at a hotel
Scholastic Karma
Don't mess with a touch-typist's typewriter (pettiness across the decades)
Open office plan? You might not want to have conference calls there...
Begone Thot
I accidentally gave my wife an embarrassing nickname of her own...
Girls can't wear ripped jeans?
A WELL REQUESTED UPDATE FOR ‘my ex will come home to a near empty apartment’
Bully me for not being smart and make me want to cut my self I screw you all up and make you have miserable lives
Park in front of my driveway? I’ll make you get back in your car while it’s raining and park right.
Greasy Piano
Throw snow at me? Just wait...
Parking!
You broke my heart, so I'll f**k your roommate.
Wrong coffee
Suck on *this* bro! (AKA "The thickest milkshake ever!"
Try me at 9 months pregnant.
My revenge on gym rats selfish parkingPlay bitch games, win bitch prizes
Shame my body , and I ruin your group
Catfished my ex computer science teacher
Missed our train, he shouldn’t have taken so long
Garage dispute
Getting back at our loud neighbors
Getting back at our loud neighbors
Threaten my family for standing on your grass? Enjoy your fines from the city for your broken down garage.
Wanna be a racist homophobic "hacker?" lose some friends.
They wanted my fries, so I gave one
I get justice on noisy neighbor
I got pettyrevenge on my abusive father
You make fun of me for 3 school grades,I'll 15 mins of your day uncomfortable
My dad (at least helped) make Blockbuster porn disappear. (SFW)
You want to take your bed back? Go ahead then, take it.
I made my friend late for class!
Got revenge against my sisters coworker
Best revenge ever.
Mean old hag makes my work life suck but I get the last laugh.
Trying to scam me on a website? I’ll have it taken down to save others
Okay to stab him with a fork???
Walnuts for everyone!
Okay I will leave today.
Shit Behavior
I did what she asked.🤷🏼‍♀️
I got back at my toxic ex boyfriend
Be a good neighbor, especially if you are squatting illegally.
Get a former coworker fired twice?
Not that spicy here try this
I kept my parents up all night because they would listen to my simple request.
2 birds one stone
Couldn't find the salt ... won't have that problem again!
bully gets put in her place
Stop being Selfish!
Wanna shovel snow on a roof at me? How about a snowy surprise!
Desks are for plants, not paperwork
My ex will come home to an empty apartment
Don't mess with my save games.
Be dicks? Get evicted
Thank You so Much for Coming in Today.
A bully pelted me with rocks so i gave him my scooter that injured me
A horrible neighbor gets a taste of pettiness.
These are not magically delicious
She wouldn't stop stealing my shampoo, so I filled it with hair remover
Family takes trash to my house
Dog Beach Dad
Petty revenge against a social media “influencer”
Bully gets covered in vinegar
You make fun of me for 3 school grades,I'll 15 mins of your day uncomfortable
Call the police on me? Have your car towed.
Don't like where my car is parked and tried to get it towed? Good news, because now I'm definitely not moving!
Don’t Pet My Catfish
Friends ex bf kicked me out and I took all his tp and lightbulbs
Take advantage of my daughter's empathy: Enjoy your police visit
The pizza cut
Nurses are petty.
[Update] My landlord is a control freak | PHASE II
Don’t try to steal from me. I’ll know it was you and I’ll get my shit back
junkie neighbors get a taste of their own medicine
Parking spot revenge
Yes
Don’t take my clothes out of the dryer while they’re wet.
Don’t want to help writing the graduation speech? Fine! I’ll write your parts *extra* special
Borrow my pencil and steal it? Oh, you won’t want to borrow from me again!
Failed the lab but got a job!
You make fun of me for 3 school grades,I'll 15 mins of your day uncomfortable
I saw what you did!
You make fun of me for 3 school grades,I'll 15 mins of your day into hell by earaping will military parades and music
You make fun of me for 3 school grades,I'll 15 mins of your day into hell by earaping will military parades and music
Want to leave your cart in the bushes? Have fun waiting a couple minutes
Assume I don't study because of my social life? Good luck on your next group project.
Text me - this might be too petty for this sub
Enjoy the new additions to your yard!
Call the police on me? Have your car towed.
Nothing for you, then.
So you want to be a little shit in my class? Enjoy this textbook.
Enjoy cleaning the green bin contents off your vehicle
Help me revenge my sister who made a fake account on reddit and catfished me
To the player on rocket league
To the player on Rocket League..
Sub-Compact vs fancy car...
Another passenger on the train *refused* me from entering a compartment he's in
My teammate picked on me, so I was petty
You must suck
Slow Down Speed Bump Ahead
Don't eff with the mama bear!
Very petty and deserved
Assume I don't study? Good luck on your next group project.
Assume I don't study? Good luck on your next group project.
Assume I don't study because of my social life? Good luck on your next group project.
Wait until the last minute to make big decisions that effects my job? I can do that too.
Don’t be a garbage boyfriend!
Unplug my charger? Ill show you
You disrespect my grandma for funeral expenses? Watch what I do to you!
Public food snatching? I’m not sure that’s a smart idea.
You cry? I cry.
Aunt refuses to help with grandma's funeral expenses, I get my revenge on her
Extra credit = no freeloading
Selfish
Ex Roommate Opening Important MailHow my neighbors got what they deserved.
Petty revenge ideas please!
whats the best say to get revenge on someone using their car
You wanna be loud? I'll get louder.
Quit smoking to piss off cigarette seller
Ghost me on halloween? Get red satins on your new white skirt.
Boot, Tag &amp; Tow!
I didn’t do anything.
I got my childhood bully back.
Late night rickroll
Trying to scam people? Let me help expose you
Trying to scam people? Let me help expose you
I purposefully wasted meat in order to thwart my vegan girlfriend
Super-Smashed-OWNED
I said something to an annoying kid.
Cut me off in the drive thru line? Enjoy the sound of my horn!
Park my bike in and make me late? Good luck getting anywhere!
Sexist dick gets sprayed with mud
Grocery Store Karma
Can’t wait your turn for laundry? Enjoy wet clothes.
Steal my yard sign? Awaken the Yard Sign Hydra.
Speakerphone in public? Well, now we all know.
Not a story but need suggestions for revenge
The time John Heisman beat a team 222-0 in football because they cheated him in baseball.
Test Post
Cut off by truck driver
I need your help !!!
Pretty long story: EK frames us for a crime he commited, forgets that we have him on tape committing the crime, and embarrass him in public
Someone hacked into our Netflix account, so I changed the profile language into Korean.
You want an unpaid photographer, you got one.
Dirty bathroom tactics
You explode a delicious youghurt? - Oh, I've heard your hair wants some too
Annoyingly “woke” neighbour gets robbed.
Wine Bottle (plural)
Be a sleazy, lying, cheating bastard? Say goodbye to your precious hair.
My 6th grade hell
please don't park in my driveway
Sweet sweet revenge
Park your BMW like a prick? Well, two can play that game...
I scolded my dogs at 2 AM really loudly and made my neighbours uncomfortable.
I called my MIL by her last name instead of Grandma.
My dad’s petty vengeance
Got the man who gave me PTSD sacked and he left the country
Consolation prizes
(grad school quant class) That point where threatening to throw you under the bus and kick you out of the group 2 days before the day of the presentation is an empty threat and actually saved me some headache
(grad school quant class) That point where threatening to throw you under the bus and kick you out of the group 2 days before the day of the presentation is an empty threat and actually saved me some headache - cross posted from r/shittygroupmembers
New boss takes over my store and fires me then has the audacity of asking for my help
You took the last peice of mom's food i drink the last of your hot chocolate
"boycott" household chores, lose your wifi
I scared a jerk that was invading my personal space
You want to keep texting me? Fine, now you have something to look forward to.
My stalker kept texting me so I decided there was only one way to get rid him
My stalker kept texting me so I decided there was only one way to get rid of him
Body shaming bullies
HAHA Trombone Go BLARRPP
Catching a thief turned out to be a snap.
How to get revenge on someone who stole from my mums business?
Revenge
A pedophile constantly asked/begged me for art and slowly asked for more information!
Abused by a co-worker and bosses tell me to take it or get fired
Red light pizza
Sue you oh I'll do something much worse
Paint our fence, enjoy the polka dots!
Accidental Revenge
A US Veteran Stopped a Mass Shooting and was vilified for it.
entitled cousin goes over the line and gets me very fucking angry
Rude customer ALMOST got a really good discount on paint.
When a retail worker thinks she's a beautician
Got someone's Fiverr banned
Don't be a dick to your nurses
I DESTROYED all the Chips/Crisps
Dog whistle is great
Giving a doctor a taste of his own medicine
Destroy educational standards? Go without a veteran teacher
My Brother Tried To Scare Me When I Was Sleeping So I Made It Impossible For HIM To Sleep
I made out with her bf
When stubbornness backfires
Starve me? Shout at me? Refuse to get me my depression meds? Steal and wear my clothes? I'll piss in your hairspray.
Petty revenge gone bad. Parking lot finger comes back to bite me
Change your last names to the guy my wife cheated with you lose your college fund
ROBLOX SCP
I don't sleep, you don't sleep
Don't mess with the oldest friend
Ex is prank calling Need Revenge
Crybaby mailman lies about my dog
My ex wanted all of HER stuff when she moved out
Friend assumes I don't study because I have a social life? Good luck on your next group project.
so, she belongs to you? let's see what she thinks about it
What Comes Around, Goes Around
Won't do your job? I have an attitude? Reverse UNO!
Trash day vs. Next door Neighbor's car
Don't want to clean up after yourself, well it's no longer my problem
Send unsolicited pics of your partner without their consent? Ive got just the treat for you.
Minecraft revenge of the little brother
Finally ending a toxic friendship.
The Giant and the Scorpion
Broken Vending Machine?
Taking furniture out of awful tenants house
Keep on honking at hen there’s no place to. Meet Tiny.
A ROBLOX petty revenge!Step-Daughter’s plans go wrong, and she thinks it’s all her own fault
Don't take my zebra cake!
Don't take my zebra cake!
Friend poured cold water on me in the shower so I pour cold water on him every day for a week
Want to not ship my items out after seven months? Have fun with me getting the same [rpdict for free from your friend
Not going to pick after your filthy mutts or train them at all? Say hello to meatfest 2020
perspective on this situation- could this backfire?
need advice on situation -petty revenge could it backfire?
Loud music? Hear my fan!
Rude lady finds out what happens when you cross a bunch of teenagers with too much time
My Brother, My Savior
Harass our ankles, choke!
Assume I don't study because I have an active social life? Good luck on your next group project.
Assume I don't study because I have an active social life? Good luck on your next project.
My Brother, My Savior.
My Boss fired me for asking for help
Toddler Talks to Telemarketer!
Devour my food in front of me, WITHOUT my permission? Ok.
I hope Austin Powers was worth it, Steve
The owner is painting this unit, I know that’s what I’m doing!
My shrimp story
The landlady won't give my deposit so I did this.
Revenge on a Scam Company!
My mom taught a thief to not steal food from sick kids
Mom Gets Petty Revenge on Daughter Who Releases Wild Bat from Mason Jar
Mom Gets Petty Revenge After Daughter Releases Wild Bat From Mason Jar
BMW driver does good. For once...
Don't want to do your job? I have an attitude? Reverse UNO!
Complain to my brother-in-law? Good luck with that
I tried to be nice...
Intrusive bunk mate? Okay fine.
Woman attempts to cut ahead of a traffic jam, gets put in her place
Mid-year update, landlord cunt being paid rent at latest possible time
Won't help me with my route? Ok then.
You Want To Be A Jerk? Then Fail
Kid punches me and I defend myself
Sheriff's office gets owned.
Sheriff's office gets owned
What's the best way to get revenge on annoying neighbours?
Lovely revenge
Son of a stupid cunt at the gas station.
Sidewalk parker gets called out by old man on crutches
Only when you annoy me
Thank you r/copypasta
Road rage Karen
The lost nerf bullet
Why can't I post anything?
Campus Jackass Tries to Park Illegally
friend flexs on me with his subs next day my friends proceed to fuck with his account with bots
Go ahead and be a jealous stealing witch, I don’t mind.
Subtle
Guy calls the cops on me, so I call back up!
Bite a 12 year old kid, will ya? Dumb dog.
Be an hour late to drop off my coffee? Hope you like super sweaty kisses.
Ghost me after 2 years? I’ll hack your Twitter.
A mediocre cake for mediocre people.
Got the apartment manager back when we left
Should I send my ex to county jail for a longer amount of time?
Sterling Silver Custom Initial Cat Necklace
Private Property means PRIVATE PROPERTY!
This guy assaulted me and then drove off.
Are You Famous?
Are You Famous?
"You must be the bride!" A short story of petty and snarky revenge.
Speeder gets paint balled
Parking Lot Justice for non-payment
Sister gets in trouble
Cinnamon sugar lady vs king of petty pretzels
Revenge on minecraft (6 years ago)
Revenge on minecraft (6 years ago)
I hyped up a closed bar for some obnoxious drunks.
Treat me unfairly and bully me? How about I show off in front of you.
Subtle revenge on line cutters
I sure hope you're comfortable in your stolen seat.
I sure hope you're comfortable in that stolen seat.
Just some good ol’ petty revenge on a bully
Blocked in the guy blocking my ride
Guy wakes us up every morning, can’t get a good sleep
Ghost me after 2 years? I’ll hack your Twitter.
mistakes that shorten your pets life
What to stand too close, ok.
Gawk at my newborns who are crying? Be prepared to be shouted at
Blocked in the blocker
Make obnoxious demands? Enjoy being embarrassed
Don’t touch my food!
That one time i stabbed a dude :)
my neighbors have a argument every night so i blast it is Wednesday my dude meme
Be a shitty person get shitty pay back
Wanting ransom for return of lost dog
Jelly Belly Jailor
Uh, I hacked my old classmate's google account from my old school.
Peeping tom meets karma
Complain about people not wearing their masks, well ok then the rule is the same for everyone
Karma comes for Evil Stepmother
throw a fit for my spot? I have all day
I purposely turning my sprinklers on and drenched my neighbour
How netflix got created
Don't be rude with your subordinates, especially if they are transporting your china.
New Job?
Asking for Opinions on New JobRuin my birthday with an unwanted gift? Well let me pay you back, sort of 😁
The pizza story
Arrogant boss loses the one person in the office who can get shit done
My landlord is a control freak
Tell me to exercise? You should too.
I purposely turned my sprinklers on and drenched my neighbour.
A classmate made fun of my phone, got his taken away.
Sexually Assault Girls? Well now lose the ability to ever do it!
I sure hope I'm not making you uncomfortable in your freshly stolen seat.
Steal my seat on the subway? Let me turn that comfort upside down.
Steal my seat on the subway? Let me turn that comfort upside down.
Kid tries to fight me and kicks my bike
Oh, you raided my discord server???
Trojan Horse on Former Boss
You stole them, you sort them
You were rude, so no candy for you
Petty revenge on obscene phone call
Made checkout as lengthy as possible after waiting 20 minutes for someone to purchase their items.
Squirrels
Drummer during the music break, hitting on a girl dancer, Friend Leo cuts ups some skins.
Getting revenge on a prank call
Support Call Gone Awry
Support Call Gone Awry
Reported discord server Cuase they screwed with me for the last time
Yes honey, I did throw all your socks in the bin
Boomer comes back like a boomerang (pun intended)
Just Barely Out of Reach
White Conservative Relatives Want to Say the N-slur at the Dinner Table? Fine.
Doormat story
Wicked witch of the water
Getting back
Leave the news on while you go to sleep? Okay
Scammed a minecraft Scammer
Don’t talk with your bf excessively loud.
Tour publicity can't beat me, my power is over 9000
You want attention? Fine.
Idk what to call it
Ruining my Football team
Revenge on my grandmas roommate?
Want to use my face as game console profile pic have not using it for the next year
I may have taken down a whole sub
Be a jerk to me and my GF? Get owned by your ex in Humans vs Zombies!
Be a jerk to me and my BF? Have your reputation ruined in a game of Humans vs Zombies!
Just me, myself, and I.
Oh, I was going to do that...
Class causes a lot of disruptions, so meek and mild teacher stink bombs us
I made my mom stop slapping me.
Someone killed me in minecraft so i killed them back
Neighbour blasted pop music so loud my dishes were rattling... Unfortunately for them, I'm a metalhead.
Freeload and get free rent? Okay, you're not getting your mail.
Don’t want to replace the toilet paper when it’s empty? Ok.
Used Internet Explorer to download Google Chrome
Kid blame my dad death on me and pays
I don't like my walls rattling at 2am
I broke a bully’s pen
My bestfriend told my crush i liked her because of a incident that happened in Second grade
Butt-pinching jerk gets a taste of his own medicine
A guy with an itchy pinching-finger gets a taste of his own medicine
Leave your bike blocking the entrance? Old guy on a scooter might run it over!
Roblox players betrayed me, so I destroyed their base.
Me and my grandpa get payback at asshole boat riders
Teacher doesn't want kids to continually go to the bathroom after lunch
Ah Sh*t! Let's go check it out!
You over stayed your welcome.
Learn how to spell &amp; Don't break OPSEC
Moved From PRO - cause, Not PRO - TDLR: Leave ME a measly $11.25 tip after 12 adults and 6 kids, decimate my night! I leave YOU, with pictures of your families’ ugly knees and even uglier feet!
Worst. Roommate. Ever
Slow burn on a raging honker
this my first story lmao.
10 Hour Loop.
How I Got Revenge On My Racist Ex Boyfriend. NSFW!
Beach party revenge
Ever wonder why I mow my lawn whenever you’re having a garden party?
How do I get petty revenge on someone who scammed me out of money?
Car problems suck... Especially if you piss of someone creative.
Captain Crazy Pants and the Useless Articles
Oh, so you won’t turn the music down?
Co-worker bullied and harassed me for 2 years. Karma did the work for me in the end
Ripping off currency-exchange, Rip-Off Merchants
Don't wake everyone up at 4am.
I don't iron so you can ... I think not
Not gonna let me Bodyboard?
Wanna have that attitude? Let me be petty, real quick...
Lady asked for extra ice, I gave her EXTRA ice
Water
What happens when you tick off your bartender
What happens when you piss off your bartender
Alexa; Play Bitches Ain't Shit by Dr. Dre
i trolled my ex best friend and her boyfriend
Got hurt, blamed my bully
Talked bad about my 1 year old. Drag her.
I really want to be petty to this manchild who is making a mission to fuck me over
Treat me like trash for two straight weeks? Fine, I won’t take yours in and you’ll get stung by a jellyfish as extra karma.
Shouldn't have cut me off
Never mistake kindness for weakness.
Covid pay
Someone I defended in game was a jerk to me so I won the game in a way they hated
Call me dumb, get spammed from ads
Loud neighbor decides to be quiet
I fattened up my bully who I thought was my friend (26f) who I thought was my friend because of her constant bullying because of my weight.How I got petty revenge on someone's habit of not picking up dog poop
Angry Chicken teaches a lesson
Cashew Cache
How I Tainted My Horrible Bosses Phone
How my dad's girl friend destroyed some jerks at seven eleven
When I spent my last ten bucks to buy something first
Audible loud peeing right above the head of my drunk, vomiting neighbour after a calling me a bitch
Chocolate revenge
How I failed to iron to the specified standard over a significant period of time
Sub-tenant threw out my college artwork
In which a troll learns not to insult the person who controls the flow of information
Sister downloads virusses on my chrome browser and i download crap on her chromebook
i got annoyed that my fried kept breaking my blue tak statue
I spit in her face wash and in her birthday drink (PRE-COVID)
Scam callers get screeching sounds
First time ever fired.
Steal my cellphone? Guilt time!
My Mom wanted to be petty so said did I
A really toxic and annoying fandom led to me trolling on it
Abandon your family? Lose something you Love.
Abandon your family? Lose something you love.
My personal victory against a scalper
Threaten to take away my phone for taking a shower just before bed? No yummy snacks for you!
A multi-part petty revenge, employing the long game....
Brag about pranking me? That’ll cost you $400.
I got my Professor Fired!
Group of guys tried to dine and dash and the police were called
Soon to be mother in law is a total bitch, so i ate out my gf before kissing her.
How I get very petty revenge on my husband
My drug dealer called me fried....
Went full mama bear mode
I got my horrible professor fired!!!
I help a local screenprinting company earn the reputation they deserve.
James Woods Is Now A Proud Member of The Party for Socialism and Liberation
Don't like what you said in the last call, lie about it and try to get me fired? Yawn, go ahead.
I “Tainted” my bitch Bosses Phone. (PRE-COVID)
I gave my sis a bad birthday gift because of her 50 dollar minimum
I got my sis 50$ worth of books
Write me up? Have fun paying extra for your books!
My very, very petty revenge on my husband
I want to poison you but that would be illegal
I need help getting petty revenge.
You said what about my brother?
She wouldn't let me sit in her Box fort so I turned it to psychological torture
You try to scam old people? Get really for all the dicks you can handle assholes
UPDATE: I DON’T WANT TO GO TO MY CHEATING SISTER’s WEDDING
test
No animals were harmed in the making of...
Revenge tastes sweet, or like vinegar
Perks of a lorry driver friend
Cheating ex. Subtle revenge.
Tastes so sweet
Deny my smoked meat expense? You can pay it hourly.
I emptied a 2,800 sq ft house
Road-raging neighbor draws a gun, wyd?
My revenge
I peed in his kitchen sink.
I used to poke holes in people’s meat at the butchers I worked at when I was young
Want to save a few cents on coke? We’ll eat all your pizza
you were too busy watching GOT to do your part of the work?. i'll save you some time
Brag about pranking me? That’ll cost you $400.
i got my ex best friend mad at her abusive boyfriend
My aunt slapped big john studd’s son
i scarred little kids of my lawn
I startled someone who reclined their seat into my knees during takeoff.
Severance pay?
Make an offensive comment? Ok, let's see if you can take what you give.
My boss accused me of lying about doing particular duties on a job so I gave her number to many sms text alert spam sites
Dad and the Racist Arby's Karen
Dad vs Arby's Karen
you can insult me, but not this cool anime shirt
Trick me into eating deer? Hope you don't mind losing your clothing
Revenge tastes sweet, wait no like vinegar
ISO story about man who pranks 2 other guys into fighting each other over a car sale?
Revenge tastes sweet, wait no it tastes like vinegar
Mom’s Revenge
Scaring hipsters refusing to social distance
I gave a regular customer all of their change back in pennies on purpose
scammer gets what she deserves
I took my neighbor to court.
Throwback to my friend’s roast of a popular girl who was giving him shit for zero reason
Ten years of cashews
I Hope You Like Losing
Ten years of cashews
threaten me? let me report you
Tasty Coffee
Now EAT it!
Revenge on my doggy
A young bully finds her ruin at the hands of STARS
My little slice of revenge pie
Cleaning two departments after hours never felt so satisfying.
Well I had a story I wrote out for a hour now in one click it’s gone
My Ex killed my cat- Help me get revenge
Teacher wouldn't let students use the washroom
Teacher wouldn't let students use the and a f later halwashroom.
Roommate stole my mayo
Turns out there was some skeletons in the closet
Blame me for sleeping with your girl and I will so the crime matches the punishment
Tenant accuses me of loosing or stealing her money order. Gets evicted.
cheating karma - scallywag styleNo More Jizz Tissues
Revenge advice
I sprayed essence of poop on my bully
My school thinks I am my own mother, you have fun with that.
Putting an end to snow sculpture destruction
Captain Crazy Pants Saga, Part 1
You cut me off enjoy some some black smoke
Enjoy the dead flies
My petty revenge
No Hackers Safe
Ripping off currency-exchange rip-off merchants while overseas
Enjoy waiting in line for more time
Revenges a Karen
Karen’s son, tommy, hit my car door with his own.
I hope you like spicy snacks
The psychiatry snack thief
My fart makes a grown man projectile vommit all over his friends
Roommate drives me to insanity so I have a revenge shower
Discord drama
Revenge shower right before the plague
Wanna be rude? Okay, won't buy your expensive product
A tale of stupidity, dick headedness, and obscene spite eating.
Roommate drives me to insanity so have a revenge shower before vanishing
Bully me for a year, I'll waste your time and money!
Bully me for a year? I'll ensure you waste your time and money.
Am I being petty if I don’t go to my cheating sister’s wedding?
Petty queen
It feels good to be the asshole
Start an argument with an Irish person about the Troubles, have fun losing all your privileges and walking in the rain
He tried sabotaging my community. I exposed him
Gym Guys who think they are the big I AM.
Stupid Salesman's Complaining Backfired
Insult me? Enjoy the ride
I pooped in my friend's salad
Sometimes you need to be a Karen
Loud Neighbors
I called OSHA on my previous employer who refused to give me my promised raise.
Noisy Neighbors Will Get Stanked On
This guy is really insecure. He twisted arguments and got me banned for making a DM joke about pegging
Some children were throwing wood at my garage so i scared the hell out of them.
Ruined the paint on a bully's car at school
I scared some children because they were smashing wood on my garage
I showed this know-it-all jerk he is in no position to teach me disc golf or mock me for the way I throw my discs
Make my work harder? I end your fun!
She’s dead
Take money out of my check without asking, I'll make sure I get my money's worth.
You’ll call the police on me for doing my job? Ok...
Disrespect your new employee? Now you don't have to worry about a job at all!
Trash talker gets his ass handled to him
Trash talker gets his ass handed to him.
I fought back against a trash talker.
She made me feel horrible so I decided to get some revenge
Wanna be an AH? Okay, won't buy your product
Wanna be an AH? Okay, won't buy your product
She constantly called the wrong number and demanded I return a dress that a stranger borrowed
Take $5 of my checks to cover your own costs? Ok, I'll just make sure I get my money's worth.
I Left A Bad Review for our Mean Boss
Lady tried to tell me to turn my music off while driving, so I gave her the run around.. TLDR; You don't know me! I'm the fucking, Lizard King
Reading my diary behind my back? Ok, I’ll make sure you can’t understand anymore!
You'll find the perfect man
Do not underestimate the tiny lesbian in the Big Black Cadillac
Took my mom's ex bfs flat screen TV while they were in the middle of watching Netflix.
My dad kills my kitten so i make him get a divorce
Yell at my mother? Enjoy the brief evil of a 5 year old.
I made my mom spend 100 dollars when she wanted to spend 10
McDonald's only got your coffee wrong
Don’t want to clean up your trash? Fine, now try breathing it in.
Won’t take the trash out? Okay, now you try living with it.
High school bullies throw wet toilet paper at me. I f*ck them up with soap.
I made my ex buy back all his games
Revenge Against Water Aerobics Instructor
Petty Revenge on Entitled Intrusctor
My brother punched me in the gut but I got the last laugh
2b2t ain’t a place of forgiveness
My brother punched me in the gut but I got the last laugh
High school bullies threw wet toilet paper at me. Fucked them up with soap.
Sorry Auntie, Cards Declined
Waste the Fire Department's time - My new permit lasts until dark.
I threatened to expose my bully for secretly liking me.
The Great Hot Chocolate Rebellion of 2014
She broke my stuff so I transferred her Pokemon.
i swear, it got corrupted, i totally didn't mess with it, honestly.
Call Me An Idiot i'll Show you an idiot
Screwing with a Scammer
Sweet revenge
Made a facebook post exposing my abusive parents and tagged their family in said post.
You mess with my friend, you'll get shitty drinks forever
My dramatic and tiny revenge
Boss blames me for his mistakes, make him drive 2hrs unnecessarily
My brother wanted to treat me like an idiot? Alrighty then.
I put a dent in a overly flirty customers pride
Met an underage girl at a bar who turns out to be a total nutcase - simple solution
"Exposing" undercover Wal-Mart security
Underage girl I met at a bar turns into an absolute nutcase - simple solution
Me and my friends sang louder to spite someone we dislike during class who told us to stop singing… in a free period
On time, yessir!
Unfair ticket, so the city pays.
A Minecraft player stole my loot, so I burnt his.
Talk to me like a child, I’ll out bake you at every turn
The Nacho AvengerI knew the Syllabus better than the head of the department
but is so easy, i guess you are not so smart
Lady reports coworkers for being 1-5 minutes late, gets caught coming in an hour late.
Entitled family gets revenge.
We got revenge!
Took care of sisters bullies off the clock
Victory tastes sweet
Try to harass my mom with calls at 12AM? Enjoy booty calls from unknown guys
I don't like people that litter.
Best Anon “STD ALERT” text or email to the people who deserve it....HILARIOUS
OK, you’re not a man.
Revenge on homophobic brother by ruining his skyblock
A cautionary tale which proves living well is the best revenge
Mom keeps looking through my stuff, so I just make her more paranoid
MIL kept stealing her son’s rings and now he got one she can’t remove.
Petty Revenge on School Vending Policies
The story of a very petty mercy
I uno-reversed my friend’s aunt who tried to fat shame her
How to tell his wife &amp; let karma do it’s job?
Eggsellently petty revenge
Big Al and Mom’s Salsa
A schoolboy’s revenge
The time I made my high school bully cry
The time I made my high school bully cry
The time I made my high school bully cry
Son keeps kicking the back of my seat while in a flight, my dad gets his revenge
My Mom kept an Old Crazy man from sleep because he almost caused an Car Crash
I pissed in his kitchen sink
Take my phone? I'll steal your vegetables!
Still got high achievements over sabotage
Watching ahead after complaining about me watching ahead? Enjoy not being able to stream anymore.
Wanna start a war with a 10 yo? Lose your hair then.. (with a good ending)
That time I was a ghost
Gonna be a bitch? I'll spit on everything you own
im gonna give this bitch covid
Your getting COVID
Pack of Dogs, Irresponsible Owner, Pettyrevenge
I got revenge on my horrible teacher
Think your 8-year-old child is too smart to need education on social life ? Here is your answer
Reneging on giving me your old phone? Enjoy the worse "reception" in the world
You want me to believe I am the one after you lose your criminal sugar daddy?
Almost run me over? I'm not helping you
fired over doctor appointment
What’s the most petty thing you’ve done in a relationship?
No problem, but this will cost you. Not me.
Didn’t “Pay it Forward” to Karen
Putting a parental block on Fox news
Neighbor doesn’t like car parked in public street and calls cops? Deal with it.
Think Doctors are superior to nurses? Okay...
Guy breaks my hand, gets beaten up and tied NAKED to a lamp post
Mess with my laundry? Bye bye clothes.
You don't want to deliver tea to your friends? Fine go home.
You want to maintain your own fence? Ok.
You wanna mess with my clothes? Ok hope you like Reese’s
Ruin our project? Ok, I’ll help you almost fail
Petty revenge online
scanned random stuff on checkout line cutter
Don't park on the street? Okay . . .
Revenge on my "anonymous" bully
Revenge on my "anonymous" bully (ex bestie)
She didn't want to social distance, so he told her about his (fake) illness and scared her away from him.
Want your drone? Here it is!
My very, very petty revenge against my ex
That scarf WILL be mine!
Screw over one of my favorite customers and I'll take you down
Threats, eh? Enjoy your spam.
Stressed? I ain't stressed at all.
Coworker’s “minor inconveniences”
I blinded a driver who was aggressively tailgating me in the slow lane
Wanna be a bully, pay the price
A girlfriend cheated with a couple guys so I emailed her friends and family her very NSFW confession.
Rude Girl was Expelled for Laughing at my Sister.
Making fun of her disability, gets instant karma!
Nani’s revenge on uninvited dinner guests
Roommate learns the hard way to stop eating our food.
The Homeless Guy Works Here?
Salad dressing anyone?
Road rage ended in t-boning a parked cop
Bought son A Megalodon shark tooth so he could shut up his bully at show and tell.
Entitled Asshole calls police OVER LAUNDRY
Don’t steal my hidden money
How to get petty revenge on yourself
A girl who bullied me and put me through a lot of traumatic shit in high school was stupid enough to make her work email public on her social media
Accidental Revenge
Had an extra microwave
Boss doesn't need help, asks for help, decide not to help her (xpost from /r/IDon'tWorkHereLady)
Boss doesn't need help so I don't help. Bashes me later. (X-post from IDon'tWorkHereLady)
Boss doesn't need any help, then asks for help and bashes me later-I dont really help her. (Xpost IDon'tWorkHereLady)
Left lane drivers.
Uni roommate used to eat my food
Gross us out at lunch, we'll make you lose yours!
Dont mess with my exam
Mess with my exam? I mess with yours
Mess with my exam? I mess with yours
Mess with my exam? I mess with yours
Mess with my exam? I mess with yours.
He ate my full sized Halloween chocolate bar
College Basketball wall mates are consistently rude jerks which lead to me accidentally risking their scholarships
Don't touch my stuff
Crapped up butter anyone?Revenge on angry SUV mom
Woman uses shopping cart to keep her place in the queue
Using a bratty girls words against herself
Eat my cheesecake? I’ll lock you in an outhouse.
Good Deed For The Day
Use my dishes and leave them dirty? Fine.
The Art of Sabotage in a Restaurant
A neighbor smokes cigarettes on the steps outside my apartment window at night. I got to know him in order to find his weakness. I found it.
Try to raid us? Oh, let us DDOS your fake profile bot servers.
Take the only parking space next to the airpump with no intention of using it and then curtly tell me to be patient as you mock my weight in the gas station?
Cheat on me while I'm in the hospital then I'll spend all your money
Revenge is sweet: Fed-up farmer hit by fly-tippers 25 times in a year sets up CCTV to catch latest culprit who left 400 tyres on his land... then dumps them on HIS doorstep
Sibling warfare
Gonna try to sext on a suportive venting website? sexting you gonna get!
Won't listen? Your officers are getting booted out of the guild.
Won't listen? Your officers are getting booted out of the guild.
Oh, so you want to hit me? Enjoy washing your teeth with a disgusting tooth brush that reeks of ass.
You want frame me? Well you better be prepared to be scammed
Guy made a reddit post about how I’m a sexist, disgusting, asshole, then griefed me on Minecraft. So I did the same to him UwU
Call me names and say that I slept with you? How about I destroy your reputation and possibly affect your chances to get into college
Call me a slut and say that you slept with me? How about I destroy your reputation and possibly affect your chances of getting into college
My exhusbad divorced me to marry my bestfriend. So I cleaned out the bank account and made sure he cheated on her as well.
Won’t allow me to work in the easement? Ok, thank you for the help!
If you’re famous? So? Back in line
Keep stealing my dessert? Prepare for a stinkbomb
Try to FRAME me because I helped you?
Tac for tac in business
My roommate played a lot of video games and did so very loudly until 4am. I decided to make him as uncomfortable as I possibly can until he stopped.
Poop. Poop Everywhere.
World War Turd
High school art class
Wont move your patrol car to let the ambulance out, ill let your sergeant deal with you
April Fools prank against bullies
They made me do extra homework.
Someone stole my car and I have his number/address
You're not my sister anymore.
Don’t throw cigarette butts out the window or they may be returned
You will remember my face
Coach/teacher benched me because of my sick mom, so blackmailed him for an B.
My roommate kept stealing my snacks. So I baked him a nice surprise.
He ate my ThinMints.
In the hot seat
Bar boy forgets to put table numbers on his tickets, so I warm his plate up
Revenge on History Teacher
Your photos will be ready....NEVER!
Make me move when there’s literally 200 spots available? Stop talking then.
Poopsenders?
Completely unrelated and petty revenge
I switched my medication for laxatives
Fake hacker?
Sorry, the banks are closed on Sundays.
Bully me all through middle school? ...Hold my music stand.
She was old and shrewd, so I ruined her picnic.
a bus trip to remember.
She was sexist, so I ruined her picnic.
Help with Harley Neighbors
PARK YOUR BIKES ON MY DRIVE, WATCH ME RUN OVER AND DESTROY YOUR BIKES
That doesn't go there
Tight Parking
Roommate was a jerk...
Did You Enjoy The Chocolates?
Don't think I can start a new hobby? Have fun being embarrassed in front of your crush
Don't think I can commit to a hobby? Have fun being embarrassed in front of your crush :)
Bird attacked cat, cat attacked back
You cheat on me, I'll get you expelled from law school
Scaring the living crap out of our Nightmare Neighbor
She kept stealing my washing powder so I gave her dye
Please don't be mean to checkout operators
Don't be a d-bag
Creepy Pedophile Sexual Harasser
Take my parking spot? Hope you don't have to be anywhere in the morning.
No earphones allowed? Enjoy me rocking out to a song that makes you twitch!
No mask no contact
The Long, Cold Night
Deny me my relaxing bath? OK, wait longer for your precious TV
Banned my hater off of reddit for dissing me and my music (not really petty, but it’s a revenge none the less)
My mom stole my toilet
Update on revenge efforts toward the grown woman who decided to pour a drink over my head at a bar.
Update on revenge efforts for the grown-ass woman who poured a drink on my head
How I made third most important person at my job looks like a fool.
Bus trip to hell
I get revenge on my dad by putting women first.
A bus trip to remember.
Battle of the Microwave
Steal my deodorant and no one gets it
May paycheck is where?
My paycheck is where?
Do they deserve it?
Housemate prank
Mean Girl in High School? Karma
Dude cut in line so I refused to help him
Play stupid games, win stupid prizes
Play stupid games, win stupid prizes.
You want to bully me? I'll pee on your face.
Customer writes Worst Service ever at Applebee’s on a Saturday? I bleed for my revenge the next day at a Plasma center where she works.
My sisters' hysterical response to being locked out our play house
i cofused my partners in science class
Don't want to share! Let me take back my WiFi
Racists get what they deserve!
So called "best friend" torments me then gets the best revengeMake me work past the time the law says I can? I get the manager fired.
I need your help! I need my small victory.
You won’t let me play? Fine.
you remove our improvements to your creeper farm? guess we just ruin the design you thought was better
Revenge from the 6th grade.
Chaos in the club
You make the entire class laugh at me? I ruin your middle school exam
Wanna cut in line, You're gonna wait a lot longer now
How I silenced a douche
How I silenced a douche
Oh, you want to make assumptions?
Club Chaos
Owed me 196 you pay out 1385 plu
Club Chaos
Never got bullied again after I showed her my paper
My birthday seet
Not so macho now, are you?
Disobeying rules because you're in a rush? Time for a lesson in patience
Kid calls me autistic in pixel gun 3d i made him regret it
Make sure you have the upper hand before angrily seeking revenge
Caused a long term technical issue at Wendy’s
Caused a long term ”technical issue” at wendys
Can anyone give me mod
Barge in? Go wait back in line.
Petty revenge idea, let me know if this is a bad idea or not?
How I owned my psychology “ professor”.
Revenge on a fraud family friend.
Don't attack me for literally doing nothing to you
Won’t stop purposely stomping on your ceiling above my apartment for no reason at all? I’ll piss on your doorstep.
Call me a bad person HELL NA
I need crazy neighbor revenge ideas
A biker, a diver and a skunk
Teacher acts like a bitch to me,I act like an asshole to her.
Ruin our fun? Have fun stuck in the water!
Think I'm gonna be friend's with you? I don't like superficial trash
If you're popular, it doesn't mean you can do whatever you want!
You had fun? I'm calling the owner
I'll crap in your ashes.
Girlfriend exposes a creep at a bar
Cut In Line? Good Luck Opening the Door.
Noob takes my spot when I’m trying to farm, so I kill him in a mini game
When a guy ghosts me, I mail him a glitter bomb.
A girl came up behind me at a bar and poured a full drink on my head. Considering my petty revenge options.
A ticking time bomb
Liars get what they deserve
Liars get what they deserve
You’re ugly and I can mathematically prove it
Dude on r/ teenagers was being sexist and pissed me off so I took away something he cared about
Don't assume someone doesn't speak your language, and then insult them when they can clearly hear you.
Cheat on your Fiance? Lose your Shirt!
Bad manager delayed my final pay by two weeks and ended up paying quadruple the amount and getting in trouble.
My revenge against an IKEA employee...
Petty betty
Stop taking my stuff or you WILL regret it.
Petty Revenge Wasn't as Sweet as I Thought it Would be.
So This Happened
Don't like what I wear to school? Fine then go blind.
You're rude AND you want to mess with my cash register? Let me take my sweet time giving you back even more coins.
My supervisor took our overtime
Right back at ya buckaroo
Just ignore me huh? That's fine.
Send me a passive aggressive email after my review, I’ll change my review to reflect the same
A Juicy Surprise
Laugh at me for something I can't control? I'll laugh when your professional license gets terminated.
Don't gossip about tourists in your native language, they might be fluent in it.
I'm not that stupid.
Oh, did you want to be in the right lane?
Ex cheated so I took her relationship away from her.
Don’t go through my stuff next time !
Giving away or memories
Snoop through my things? Time to make you as uncomfortable as possible
T’is but a natural thing
Break my padlock I'll make you pay thrice it's cost.
Plastic Saturn vs. Parking-Spot Panzer: Guess Who Won?
How I got revenge on my step sister for hurting me for years without her even knowing
Refuse to let me go home on time? Give me loads of overtime then
Is this slow enough, officer F@#%face?!?
Roommate meltdown over issue they created themselves (or, how I made an angry roommate even angrier)
Entitled Grandpa and Grandma locks us out from our own garden, so we get revenge
Is this slow enough, officer F@#%face?!?
Revenge on my brother who is the purest example of an unaccomplished egoistic asshole
Deliberately locked my room? Say bye-bye to your hard work of 4 months.
I speak English too
My brother plays loud music so every now and again i remove ONE song from his playlist
You take my money I'll take your food
It's Expensive to be rude to my wife.
My ex girlfriend did me wrong so I destroyed her whole family.
A bit of advice
You want to yell at me for being early? Fine, you’ll just wait an extra 2 weeks now!
Ruin the fun for me and plenty of others? Uhh idk what to put here
F with a tech student, get F in the exam
You are not passing me again just so you can slowdown again
Complain about the noise? That's rich coming from you!
NEED SUGGESTIONS
I pissed in my ex boyfriend's sister's body wash
The Deleted Text
Don’t want to pay for your food? Neither do I. Have fun!
Don't be a dick to a model student
I ain’t playin
Weird guy tried to get me in trouble, I got him fired.The story of my petty revenge against a douche-bag online.
I was the victim of petty revenge.
How guilty can I make you feel?
How I ruined a kid's life
Ex-Roommate used to trouble me with his BS and I made him eat literal shit
Man calls sister a cripple, dad gets ultimate revenge
So you want MY tea?
You're going to think you're going the wrong way but just keep going
My mom has never handled rules well...
Donald Trump Is A POS And So Are His Supporters
HR pull some % BS, I decrease your %
act all arrogant and rude at school ? we’ll see about that
close the doors
Project Karma??
close the door
Burger flippers revenge
Landlord refused to replace items he destroyed, so we get creative
Dont mess with my food
Coworker is lazy and makes me miserable, soci return the favor
Coworker doesn't do his job and makes me miserable, so I return the favor
Gig lost, job lost, car broken..
Does anyone care to join me in some petty revenge?
If I have wet clothes you’ll have wet clothes
AITA for playing a porn soundtrack when my dad and his partner refused to keep their sex noises down? (Taken from AITA)
Neighbor won't turn his flood lights off
Got an anti-masker Karen kicked off the bus for lifetime
Neighbor won't turn his flood lights off
Mom died and you want to be a dick? Fine, enjoy harassing phone calls
Like stealing food? Here, have this.
Play with my heart? I play with your email address
My little brother kept me up all night for the past few years, so I made him fail his class!
Harass me? Have some "toilet" water and an elbow.
Neighbor won't turn his flood lights off
Are you sure this is what you want cue malicious compliance
Was in AITA but was told this is a better place for it... slight rewording since this isn’t the AITA sub.
Make fun of me for living at home in front of the team? I’ll embarrass you right back.
Don’t want to return my tools or pay me? Enjoy losing your buisness
Why you need a VPN?
I hope she's suffered
Sure enjoy dishonestly over-charging me for my Airbnb stay
I embraced my inner Snorlax!
Bankruptcy...twice..
Staying naked in my room to prove a point
Bully, a lost deal, job and a broken car.
Neighbor won't turn his flood lights off
You look disgusting! ...retold
No Mom. Its Called Kidnapping.
When your roommate steals your juul...
Going to harass me? Get yelled at!
So our neighbor asked us to move our stuff
Chavs on the Cambridge Express from Cambridge Cambridgeshire U.K.(not MASS) to Kings cross st. Pancras
Kevin Durant Responds After Being Called Out for Following Critic's Girlfriend on Twitter
Humiliated best friend's ex
Treat me like shit and I'll have a hand in your downfall
My little cousin posts inappropriate stuff on social media and her parents don’t know, and now I want to send it to them.
How I got sweet revenge towards my bully/egotistical grade school teacher!
Kid was rude to me. I made sure he didn't get the video game he wanted.
A bug’s revenge
Today at the beach I was told I was disgustingly fat...... I’m pregnant
My dog's petty revenge
Petty revenge is a dish best served lukewarm
Neighbor got a taste of her own medicine but drug my daughter into her tantrum
A girl used MY number on wh*tsapp and BLOCKED my business clients!
Originally posted this in AITA
Dick guy refuses to move his car to let me get out. Now has a nice dent.
The neighborhood bitch got a taste of her own medicine but I need more revenge after she brought my underage daughter into her psycho rant
Sherrif's Office gets owned.
My mom is so petty she got revenge against a 10 year old kid
brother stole my charger so I did something worse
I got my FWB a Valentine's Day Card with i love you on it today
Not a story but i want to get revenge on my brother please download
Not a story but i want to get revenge on my brother please download
Not a story but i want to get revenge on my brother please download
Freind posted about me on this sub reddit
Moochy "friend" adds me to a robo call list? Guess you're fired.
Too impatient to wear a mask, fine then I’ll follow the rules.
School punished introverts for not going to the assembly, so I got 80 kids to boycott the next assembly.
Make my life miserable, I get rid of perhaps the only copy
Gonna let your dog bark all day? Well I’m going to toot my own horn.
Let me go from your poorly managed school, thanks for fixing me up.
At 6 years of age I took my mother's advice very literally.
peeaid
I ruined my bully's one chance at making friends and being accepted.
Keep your pregnancy a secret? I don’t think so!
Enjoy the stains, you miserable old buzzard
Here's your order, your miserable prick
Here's your order, you miserable old buzzard
Enjoy the stains, you miserable prick
Enjoy the stains, you cranky old buzzard
Enjoy the stains, you cranky old buzzard
Enjoy the stains, you miserable old buzzard
Enjoy the stains, you miserable old buzzard
"What is on the floor belongs to the one who finds it!"
Oh, I remember the name! It's you!
Oh wait, you're that person everyone hates!
27 year old sister tries to claim SHE did everything in the house.
Landlord in CA texts tenants to remind them that he doesn’t have to abide by the anti-eviction rule because he does not have a federal loan and because he switched everyone to month-to-month as soon as the pandemic popped off
So a girl in 5th grade was mean to me the whole year...
The king of tides
Don’t be a wet blanket :)10 year old against an evil lady for doing a good deed for and elderly lady, neighborhood exacts revenge. Me-21 years old and a hard worker: past me- OP 10 years old, My Mom, entitled lady who was in her 20’s we’ll call her evil lady. And sweet elderly lady neighbor or EL for short.
Sore loser gets a taste of his own Monopoly-flavored medicine
Delivery Driver Dismay
Try using my nationality as an insult? get bullied until you leave the chat
Kid nearly kills me on residential, I embarrassed him the worst way possible
Extremely petty piano performance
My (?) Mystery Avenger
MLM Owner steals idea from employee then fires him, ideas?
Mother in law and baby names
BULLY BACKFIRE STORY
My bumble date posted a painting we did together but claimed he did it shirtless at his cousins
Partners didn’t want to do work for group project so I tricked them into embarrassing themselves in front of whole class
They bailed on group project so I tricked them into humiliating themselves in front of everyone
Wrong Number (I guess)
Tricked you!
Don't throw my laundry on the floor
Who let the dog out?
No more anything for you
Give me bruises and I'll ruin your yard.
An eye for an eye
Get it right, “Pest”
You don't like my comment? Well I didn't like yours first.
For some reason when I try to make a post it get's banned.
Sherrif's office gets owned
I Took Down My Bully By Falling Onto Her Nose
Mess with the schedule, you will regret it.
My bully ended up humiliating himself in front of the whole class.
My bully humiliated himself in front of the whole class over me flipping him off.
Heavy metal neighbour
His account got the death penalty.
My cousin teaches some fart tart a lesson about being rude
Don't want to stop sending me junkmail? ok!
"You are not well dressed, so you must work here."
Mom yells at me for watching anime since it brainwashes you and gets karma
A coworker was extremely rude with me and I’m still reeling
Petty roommate beat as his own game
Karen in Paris, a lesson in manners
Karen in Paris, a lesson in manners.
Wanna call the cops on us over nothing? Have fun when they investigate you instead
Yes, I'm a Parking Fascist and My Revenge is sweet
Yes, I"m a Parking N*zi and My Revenge Is Sweet
Yes, I"m a Parking Nazi and My Revenge Is Petty
Just wanted some change
Duct cleaning services
you really want me to get into the pool with you? sure!
Bully in Minecraft Results in Her World Being Blown Up
That's what you get for screwing a bunch of teachers over during a pandemic.
Losing Instagram followers
The revenge that got sweeter the longer she didn't notice
My class got a teacher fired!
A stupid girl continued using MY number on WhatsApp and blocked my business clients!
you look disgusting.
Every day it's something....
Bully gets petty-revenged twice!
That was the best grilled chicken I ever ate.
She won't let me watch so neither will she
Dont swear in video games or make false accusations
Swear at me and my dad and accuse my dad saying he has hacks get band
How selfish do you have to be to blast your music in a drive thru
Friend gets mad at me for not playing a game with him and makes me delete any account I have associated with his little did he know I was going to make his life a living hell
Start an exclusionary vegans-only club? I'll start a meat-eaters club!
Teacher bullied me horribly. So I got her sick.
Banana on hood
Cheaters justice.
Roommates lock me out, Karma happens
A superficial win
Treat me like dirt
My petty revenge against ignorant neighbor blocking my driveway
Salt in Tea
If I can't play carrom, no one can.
Wanna act like an ass and disregard our mask policy. You get no soda for your refill
Treat me like dirt
THAT ONE RIGHT THERE
[unintentional] wanna be crabby? Mr PharMate has an accident.
No one believes 5 year old me, so I resort to pettiness
Can I change my WiFi to “fuck “neighbors name”? Wondering if you guys would think it’s harassment?
Throw me shade and I’ll expose you for the hypocrite you are
Give me shit and i’ll expose you for the hypocrite you are
I’m lactose intolerant and my bf tricked me into drinking regular dairy milk. So when I was in bed with him for the night I released some extremely stinky farts on him 💁🏼‍♀️
Freshmen year laundry
Neighbor starts mowing/ hedge trimming early
My friend's bicycle got stolen, we caught the thief red handed
Kick me out? Enjoy your water bill!
The day I came a hall monitor
Bad mouth me and assume I don’t speak the language? I’ll kill you with kindness
Tennant of old apartment stole a birthday card that was sent to me with a gift card in it when it was accidentally mailed my old address. So I sent them another gift card.
my arts teacher fails me for the school year. 2 years later she is the one who cries
How I Left My Old Friend In Style
The time I destroyed my Middle School Principal in a Parent/Student Conference
My brother was lazy so I didn’t take out his garbage
Roommate Revenge Without Getting Caught
Horrible Roommate Revenge
Lighting war my father dealt with years ago
Gave my papers a drink, so I shared him mine
My Friend Lied To Me, So I Flooded His Server
One of my friends lied to me, So i spammed his server
My dad waisted hours of my time without pay so I fought bavk
My sister gets mad at my dad because of how he made her coldplate
My homophobic stepmother made my life a living hell for me so I signed her up for various newsletters, junkmail, and gay porn.
Is Rodney there?I Bought The Last Item So Karen Couldn't
Potty Training
The parking spot punishment
Classmate tried to cheat so she got a F for putting wrong answers thinking they were right.
My Employer decided he would devalue my work so I walked out
A called out a racist and he lost his best friends and became afraid of me
You stole my 500 bucks in front of me and everyone at the grocery store i am going to steal your groceries.
First Post
Anti-masker cashier mocks me for wearing a mask so I scare her
I made a catcaller feel guilty and probably stopped him from catcalling ever again
A guy deleted my friend's instagram account, SO I GOT HIM ARRESTED!!
apologizes
I waited 2 hours, she waited 15 minutes, but she's mad
Roommate keeps using my dishes and not cleaning them
ED waiting times may be longer if you're a D*ck
Soon to be ex-wife is keeping my Dog and car from me.
I waited 2 hours, she only waited 15 minutes, why so mad?
Enjoy being stranded in a foreign country after you tried to used me
How my class got a creepy substitute teacher send in prison
Giving annoying neighbors a taste of their own medicine
Dont bodyshame me when you're made of plastic
My mothers social media addiction
Dont dish what you cant take :))
Do Not Mess With Mama T-Rex... Ever... She Will Get Her Pound of Meat. 🍖
Throw my wet clothes out of the dryer? Alright, you can have wet clothes too.
Don’t eat the cookies!!
Our Campaign will take your Trash
Need a 15-day notice? Okay then!
dress code a 6th grader for wearing a bandana because she was “promoting usage of gang memorabilia”? okay, mrs christiano, i’ll get the whole school to piss you off
Trick my mom into taking me to an unhappy home? I’ll take over the family.
Disgruntled walmart lady doesn’t like that she can’t park in reserved parking.
Liar
Failign your A-Grade
How to fail A-Grade
I woke up at 3 am for petty reasons
Didn't put your phone on silent on public transport? Two can play at that game.
My asshole sister
Make me late to school? It's time to get rickrolled
Make me almost late to school? It's time to get rickrolled
Men dangerously crossed the road then flipped off the car that nearly hit them then get humiliated
Don’t pick up your dog poo on the golf course? I guess you won’t be a member.
karma for my deadbeat father
Rude kid treats my cousin bad, gets all money spent on
A line around the corner to do a line in the bathroom
Last day as a waitress
Be and general a-hole? Enjoy the cat poop
My roommate uses my internet to talk badly of me, so I took care of that.
Got abused today. Ready to get some revenge on the people that blamed me
Slut-shame me and play the victim to Mommy and Daddy? Let them find out the truth!
9 companies sending me the same junk mail offers. Fine! You’ll get the other companies junk mail back.
Don't be a dick to your barista
Bye Bye!
What a mess(h)
Waiter was a huge dick, got my petty revenge!
Make stories about animal abuse? Some evil eye coming your way.
SPam ping everyone in my wonderful server and escape free? No.
Send me a bag of dicks? Time to scheme...
Treat me like shit? Fine.
Keep using my phone number? Prepare to have your appointments canceled.
Etiquette of a communal bathroom
Waiter chases us down after leaving a single penny for tip
Malteser discussion
Insist on parking in one of the only handicapped spots when you don't have a placard and I do...because "I don't really need it," and "it's always been your spot..." k...I know what to do.
Revenge on Snapchat oversharer
My Revenge
My Revenge
Refuse to cut some plants? Pay up
How I made a slobby roommate do her part by weaponizing social media
I want to spam someone’s email, what are some sites that I can subscribe them to?
No no, keep going, I'm sure you'll seal the deal!
A circus, slashed tires and epic bladder issues
Idc that you don’t want to work with that person
Loudmouth ruining afternoon lunch costs her £££!
My cat just wants to lay on the bed, no matter what my mom does.
Played music loudly at a doctors office? Two can play this game.
Got Revenge on my distribution company
How I made a slobby roommate do her part by weaponizing social media
Man barged me out the way, ended up waiting longer for it
Considering making someone panic and get unnecessary medical testing
We Throw match for teamate who wont give up
I don't swear, but Mr. Ramsay does...
Revenge on an air freshener borrower
I was about to do you a favor, until you got pushy
You don't want to put my laundry in the dryer? Well, I won't put yours in either
Dog sh!
The one time I costed the restaurant with the big yellow M some money.
Pranked the Prank Master
Pls help
My ex tried to shame me, but gf saved me like a deus ex machina
Revenge on the teacher who made me run an extra lap of the oval
Burglars broke into my house and stole my TV
It's Fun When Hypocrites Get What They Deserve
Barbie girls late night parties
Reporting a mean driver with offensive stickers
Sometimes if I see a car with a trump sticker I report them as dangerous drivers
“Does he know you are coming tonight?”
Sometimes if I see a car with a trump sticker I report them as dangerous drivers
It appears we’re at an impasse!
Wasting electricity? Ok.
Should've paid attentionYou want to have loud gay sex in a public bathroom? Enjoy listening to me take a farty ploppy shit while you climax.
Too loud?
Big wig manager complains that employees ate his leftovers from lunch, which were left in the company kitchen. He later tries to crash our going away potluck.
Best 500 I’ve ever spent!
Revenge on a cat??????
Yelling at me won't improve your bad day.
Wanna have some fun 😈
Cheating ex tried to land me with a huge phone bill so I ratted to his mother
Made a girl from ancient history class embarrass herself
Laugh me out of your office? Enjoy getting boxed out of your car!
Take over my holiday? Enjoy my petty revenge
Turning bullies against each other with the power of photo editing
How I exposed this mean Snapchat girl on insta
Someone attempted to give me food poisoning, but I had the last laugh.
My father agreed with an old lady at my expense, so I played along.
Ex dumped me, she then got dumped
Kid posted a homophobic Tik Tok so I ruined his life
Ex-Boyfriend breaks heart 3 times so I blew up his minecraft house
Did You Get Your Phone?
Don’t eff with pregnant ladies.
revenge for my abusive sister
Some 50k ytuber, who complains that we take things that he says 'out of context' does just that, and if i do say, deliberately.
Would you like some extra grease with that?
Steal my food? Enjoy your pig fat toast.
Drive like an asshat? Enjoy your ticket.
Oh, you’re close with the boss? I am too!
Got my sister back for not letting me watch
Messing with Scam caller
Rude vegan roommate
Making too much noise at night? We’ll mess up your wedding photos
No, I won’t participate in your stupid corporate exercise
Neighbor has all his other neighbors mad at him
This is super petty
Entitled Sister in law wants me to cheat on my wife with her. Gets what she deserves 😈😈😈😈
Working by candlelight
A girl in my class thought it would be funny to say she likes me and then reveal it was a dare from one of her friends, how do I get revenge?
Out of my DMs with you!
A petty teenager's petty revenge
I Threw All of Her Things Away
My brother and I found some toxic players on a Minecraft server bothering new players so we got rid of them.
My cat's petty revenge.
My boss screwed me over, and I need advice.
"Friends" kicked me from the group and i retaliated.
Video game nerd talked down on me. Spoiled his love for star wars.
I used the self checkout yesterday, I was the only person out of eight people there who was wearing a mask.
Revenge is sweet
You want to harass our kids over normal living noise? Fine.
Flat mates roll revenge
That’s what you get for making a mockery of me
You don't want to read anything or do anything that actually contributes? Okay, enjoy having a harder time!
Make me wait for a 8 hour layover? Have fun not sleeping!
Want to lie and not pay your rent? I'll take everything.
You really want those nice OLD cupcakes?
Video Game Store's Trash into Treasure: A Rewarding Story of Being Fired
Secret revelation of a scorned smoker.
Rainbow 6 seige
Sleep with my boyfriend? Have fun with no furniture, Wi-fi or power!
Random newsletters
Ride my bumper and I'll be petty af
You think I'm being disrespectful with the food? Fine, then I'll vomit
You treat us like crap and then you stroll in like nothing happened? Let me get a teeny tiny bit of revenge.
Sorry my dog pooped in your yard
My Stupid Problem
Warzone with the boys
Take credit for my content and refuse to pay me? Well, kiss your clients and job goodbye!
Cheating landlord does the dishes
Friend makes me do his school project and...
Bitch SIL gets no thrill of victory
Change for a 20?
My Amazing Teacher
You keep me up at night? Enjoy the laxatives!
Cold call
You refuse to do your job? Watch me weaponize bureaucracy.
Don’t steal candy from me
The Us Postal Service helped me get some innocent , hilarious, petty revenge
Me vs the racists - some innocent petty vengeance!
Playing annoying songs with my sister.
YOU want me to move? (Flight)
Mom tells me to butt-out so i do
Vice principal treats high school students like toddlers so I stole her white out.
My girlfriend keeps calling me a asshole for no reason so I gave her reason.
Just looking at my neighbours
Neighbor Continues To Park In My Car Space So I Got Revenge
Neighbor Continues To Park In My Car Space So I Scare The Living Crap Out Of Him
Girlfriend is playing a victim and making me feel miserable.
Old Man Vs. Cool Aunt
Too much in a hurry to queue? I hope you really needed that juice
Truck tailgates me, I add a couple minutes onto his morning drive to work.
Annoying Co-worker wants to be part of ANY conversation? OK, 2 of us question her about a soon to be released game.
To be carried out soon
Interesting Title
Scam me and others out of hundreds of dollars on a Minecraft Realm? Prepare to lose all of your playerbase and get into legal trouble.
Entitled cousin insists to play vr, so I make him poo his pants.
Internet fights with my brother
Rude customer gets his attitude back
The Mc Kid Who Was So petty
my small petty revenge story
The girls with the boom box
Peed in another girl’s shampoo &amp; conditioner
A woman spat on me in the shop and I ended up interviewing her for a job two hours later.You want to tailgate? Fine. I’ve got time.
Random Male decides to shoo me in a store. I have very strong feelings about that.
Math teacher fed up with sleeping student.
My nextdoor neighbor (Professional American Football Player) bass rocked my room all night. I helped make him become the #1 news story on local 10 o'clock news
I only wanted to here you sing Ocean man
Slept with my ex's best friend
My dad kicked me of games so I messed with his
Cleaned my roomates' daily mess with her towel
The Whole Building Hates the Bass Apartment
Bully constantly bullies shy bookworm, bookworm humiliates bully in front of entire class
Landlord screws me but pays for it
Splashing pot smokers at the beach
You wanna quibble over a dollar? How bout 50 cents?
Threaten me? Uno reverse revenge
Hammer Hijinks
Idiot homophobe actually tries to flash his dick at me in a public bathroom.
My uncle's neighbors threw a party and took over his driveway, so we boxed them in.
Impatient lady honks 0.1 seconds after the light changes. So I make her wait longer.
Neighbors won't stop annoying the neighborhood, gets party ruined
Little me, the kid who had enough.
Wikipedia will be your downfall
Wikipedia will be your downfall
Can’t finish the project I want done because you need to mow no problem
Annoying neighbour ideas?
Abusive dad steals my electronics so I make sure they don't work
Not in my garage
My mother finally put up a ____ days since accident sign in our living room.
I made my sister cry with r/nosleep
Customers who cut in line get exactly the service they deserve
Instant karma.
New Neighbor complains about noise, i'll give them something to complain about
Neighbors think everything they see belongs to them, resulting in them getting baked during heat wave, loosing couple of thousand bucks and becoming bancrupt, resulting in loosing their house
Impatient man wins me money
I made my city pay for a postage stamp.
When you get into a fight and you remember that you have a birthday gift for a child.
Refuse to leave me alone? I'll find something else to do.
rude history teacher gets a pay back
Too Fat to be the Protagonist? I'll be the villain, then.
Bully me? I'll be the villain this time
What’s the pettiest thing you’ve done to prove a point
Want to publicly humiliate a student cause of your power? Revenge time? I think so
Too fat to play the hero? Then I'll be the villain.
Plastic Saturn vs. the Parking-Spot-Panzer: Saturn wins!
When I was 5, I was on the pot and needed toilet paper. I asked my sister, but she said "get it yourself". I then got mad and used her bra she left on the floor... My mother found it in the laundry 30 minutes later. My sister wouldn't talk to me for 3+ hours; we joke about it to this day.
Neighbours decide to have a fire every hot day of lockdown, we smoke them out in return
Revenge in the Digital Zombie Apocalypse
Made a shitty remix about my relatives and troll them with it each time im mad.
Boy bullied my mother, she threw a sharp boulder at his forehead
Oh, you want to write your pet peeve speech about my favorite type of music? Let me prove you wrong.
You can wait
Person who I hate tries to troll me, I troll them back.
I use my mum´s argument against her
My dad VS Germans
Take time off to refresh before my next job, boss? You don’t need two weeks notice? If you insist...
Debt collectors are people too- sometimes we like to be petty
Husky Girl Gets Revenge Against Rude In Law
Okay, I won’t go another time because there won’t be another time.
How My Sister and I Made Three Cheaters Rage Quit (Short)
Extremly petty "revenge"
Stealing my ex’s fuel points never gets old
The Doughnut
Deadbeat Math Teacher Gets Forced to Give Me an A on the Final
I sue a construction company over 20 dollars
Scamming the people in a discord server? Get ready for my revenge
Ex girlfriend left me, all her friends invite me to hang out with them
Annoying stepmom and brat get what they deserve
Night shift shenanigans when the other hospital is a dick
My dog's revenge
My coworker got himself fired
Karen blocks us in a gas pump so my dad blocks her back
Won't reduce my fees, I am not giving you free money
Band director humiliates me in front of the class
The Sling with a Sting
NO PUSHING IN LINE
Destroying the eardrums of a entitled idiot
Is my small petty revenge that terrible?? NFSW
Got pulled over today —accused speeding
Former MIL used too much salt in her food. Asked her to tone it down, she refused. So I hid her salt shakers the next time we ate there.
Don’t mess with my sister!
Oh, you think you can stop me from leaving? Hold my beer.
Do NOT rush me lady!!!
I once stole the month of May from a co-worker’s calendar...
Baby elephants downstairs
‘Spiked’ MILs famous mash
Anime is for CHILDREN!!!
Bully gets bullied
Bully gets bullied
Bully gets bullied
Ruined the x-files for my friend
Don’t want to hear about my problems with the bike? Fine, you can ride it.
It's Rude To Flush The Toilet Past 10pm
Giving My Older Brother a Taste of His Own Sour Medicine.
Officer and not a gentleman when on the softball diamond
A small victory for me
A Liar Got His Comeuppance
Waste our 2 weeks? We give you a snack ;D
I'm so sorry I got in the way of you embezzling the McMoney ;(
Former MIL used too much salt in her food. Asked her to tone it down, she refused. So I hid her salt shakers the next time we ate there.
I lead a neighborhood revolution
Lady drives BMW aggressively through parking lot, I enact revenge a week later....Rude lady in BMW has no awareness
Supervisor had to take a long walk
I blocked stealing neighbours
Snoring Problem
Cheating boss, lame petty revenge
Guy Thinks He Got the Best of Me Until Karma Surfs In.
Customer Screwed Me Over Until Karma Surfed In...
No key for you.
I got revenge on my dad, for teasing me relentlessly over a fear of mine.
Mock my part time job and say you can do it better. Enjoy your burnt finger
Totally fucked over my Nana
An old guy was being a huge bit so I wiped dog poop on his jeep.
Annoying guy unknowingly agrees with all my insults.
Truck tailgates me, I add a couple minutes onto his morning drive to work.
No queue for you? I hopr you really needed this lemon juice..
Getting a guy banned at a gym indefinitely
Screaming kid on plane.
Now you’re REALLY not the manager
Superpetty gets his way.
Lets ses you watch tv now then mother
Annoying girl who kept cheating off of me
Don't mess with the pizza gurl
an admin from a discord server got 69,696,969 xp, so i've them 1 xp to ruin it because i'm petty
Poop for Porch Pirates
an admin from a discord server got 69,696,969 xp, so i've them 1 xp to ruin it because i'm petty
i(18F) hate my cousin(9F) so damn much *will update with my victory soon*
an admin from a discord server got 69,696,969 xp, so i've them 1 xp to ruin it because i'm petty
Rude guy cuts me off at the grocery self-checkout. Forgets his purchase because he was on the phone. I didn’t tell him.
Karen claims we damaged her car when it was already damaged
Don’t mess with me before I’ve had my morning coffee
I'd rather drink a six-pack of beer...
I said he wasn’t ready. He said he was.
Recline your seat all the way and be rude about it? No sleep for you
help wanted to take petty revenge
How I made a kid that was calling my mother offensive things get draged by his own mother home(he is 16)
Wife goes off on somebody who gives her "weight" advice
Group who do little-to-no work try to get me in trouble for ableism
Group who put little to no work in try to report me for ableism
My brother wouldn't give me the charger, so I stole his mattress.
Don't pay my full wages, enjoy losing money while you're closed
Won't wear a mask? Prepare to be mildly inconvenienced by the sun!
Trashy Customer Doesn't Pay for Food
The Wookiee always wins
7 y/o me lost it to my ex bestfriend during a dual exam
He got embarrsed infront of his friends
Call me fat, get sprayed
When a cold call comes in I ask them to hold for a second and I put the phone down and continue doing what I’m doing till I remember to put the phone back on the hook.
I scored 100% and got myself an year of peace.
You put fences up inside my property? I'll change them so your truck won't fit
Long flight petty revenge with an assist from a good samaritan
Always keep a Copy!
Want to complain about not being able to take out your boat?? We'll just landlock it for you.
Girl created four fake accounts to harass me on after she pulled some horrible stuff. Have her #. Help
'I will drop some off if I ever have any extra' does not mean 'Help yourself'
boy was fat shaming my friend... i'm catfishing him on snapchat.. help me respond
Trashy Customer Doesn't Pay for Meal
Took SIL's precious last zero sugar coke :)
Lunchbox
The time I weaponised my upset stomach
Artist screwed me over and I want payback
High School band teacher with the floppy tits
Ex who made my life hell wants back in my life. Literally tried to ruin me and send me to jail.
Embarrassed my smug millennial coworkers with their tech illiteracy
Plumber hid my car battery, I took his back to my company
I took a dump on a bathroom floor
I asked you to talk to me if there was a problem
An influencer commits a cardinal sin
Neighbor won't stay off my property, gets fenced out
General contractor was rude, so I didn't badge him into a restricted floor
Overly-strict teacher learns to pick her battles
He hung up
Scared off my sister’s stalker
Neighbor Paraking
I Bought All His Things and Then I Took it Back
The time my brother got his revenge...on me
entitled kid punches me so i get revenge
My Mother Dislocated My Knee Cap ON PURPOSE So I Got Her Back. She Still Doesn't Know What I Did
how i got my bully’s father to HATE him
I saw an influencer in the wild today.
Revenge on the aggressive highway night driver.
You want to be petty? Two can play that game!
Slow revenge, slow leak, not petty enough?
A slow leak
Slow Leak?
Slow Leak?
Slow Leak?
Slow Leak?
Slow Leak?
My sister fucked with my tree time.
No peace for transphobes :)
7 y/o masterminds plotting revenge.
Girl about to get the most hilarious gift ever
Gotta love Nightmare Housemates
Dad gets revenge on liter bugs
Talk shit on the field? Let's see if you can back it up!
Take my things? Okay, have fun with empty cabinets!
Revenge on lazy co-worker
When you’re the boss and a troll.
Killed my HOA
Rotten neighbor moves in making demands about washer and dryer machines.We don't want nightmare couple as housemates
Pretend to be sick? Have fun leaving the house
Scream at me for something stupid? You can go to the Ren Faire alone
No phone? no prob.
My neighbours almost killed my dog.
Jellybean Revenge
I cucked a cricket.
The curtain shit show
Make my ex-gf cry? I take your job
Blast your music in the middle of the night? My dad'll put a stop to that
Kid steals my seat so pull a uno reverse card.
Fuck around with my art and find out
Petty and ongoing, recommendations needed
Revenge is best served cold
Make my coworker cry, receive rock hard food that looks great!
Landlord screws me but pays for it
"friend" is petty so ill be petty
My neighbours are selfish and take the piss but have no give for me and my wife. What can I do?!
Enjoy sitting on the toilet, little sister
Enjoy eternal shits, litle sister
My Nintendo Switch now
I just got the ultimate petty revenge
Wanna be an ass? Ok, I’ll be an ass and you won’t know.
Impatient woman can't wait to take my seat
Customers Didn't Want to Pay for Freelance Work, So I Held Their YouTube Channel Hostage
Swimming pool duches
I save hair clumps from our brushes and put them down the MIL’s toilet and sink drains.
don't mess with 7/8th grade girls
Landlord screws me but ends up paying for it. Posted in pro but deemed petty so posting here
Don't bad mouth bus drivers
Catholic man harassed me multiple times so I decided to scare him
I love a good show.
When your manager realises that you’re a force to reckon with while all a long thinking you’re a nobody.
Customer Wouldn't Pay For Freelance Work, So I Held His YouTube Channel Hostage
Customer Wouldn't Pay For Freelance Work, So I Held His YouTube Channel Hostage
The long game
My neighbour's a mole
Let a friend tow away the car of my neighbor
My Ex asked for head after stealing money and put my wallet in pain so I put him in pain
Joined just to post this because I have no one to tell
Won't play my song? No music for you!
Some of my family is in denial about my illness so I'm taking all of my old crap from my childhood home
Karma hits you back
The Last Straw
Locked up
Don't go into the light!
Turning on the lights
She wanted them. I gave them to her.
HOT wings! 🔥🔥🔥
Don't blast your music in the dead of night
Pretended to know a passenger that insisted on chatting
You need to give us two weeks notice...
Me and my friend get trolls kicked
Lesson learned: never offer to help an egomaniac in World of Warcraft
New housemates already stealing food from me.
Dealer's Choice
I replaced my neighbors “all lives matter” sign with a “Black lives matter” sign. It felt right.
Teacher bullies 8 year old so mama goes stealth mode to take him out
My PettyRevenge Against the Way-Too-Common No-Maskers
Try to stop me from changing? Get flashed.
Enjoy my runoff you ass
Sheriff's Office gets owned
Hubby won't get off his phone, so I hid all the cords
“Ight I’m out.”
If you’ve got nothing nice to say, WRITE IT.
Don’t have anything nice to say? WRITE IT.
I pranked my wife with a "lottery win"; years later she got me back with a lottery win prank on a whole new level!
I was served revenge for my prank, ten fold!
Did I win the lottery?
Destroying a guy's chance of getting a girl
'No letters over the weight limit!' 'Okay.'
My girlfriend broke up due to my diagnosis of cancer and cheated on me. I ruined her financially.
I throw a American football right into a drunk uncle's face
The day I "won" the Lottery...
Petty man dumps rubbish
My GF's brother kept screwing over my GF and I, then Karma bite him in the ass!
I made someone offer me a ride after he’d done it to me dozens of times.
Landlord wouldn't let me leave his bug infested unit early, so i made their lives hell
Nasty room tried to sleep with me
Cheesy Step-dad
My SO's petty revenge on his entitled aunt
I have a ‘petty’ jacket. A big reason I brought it was because I saw my ex best friend wanted it but it fits like a glove and I have a little eat my ass smile every time I wear it
Roommate tries to steal alcohol, gets water instead
Cut me off on purpose? Good luck repairing your now damaged car.
I kicked my gf out
I forced a driver to go the speed limit after he tailed dangerously close to another car on the interstate.
Tattled to my ex’s mom, and I don’t regret it in the least. Then I ruined his professional prospects at my job.
One of each
Recline your seat fully will you? No thanks.
Got revenge on cheating girlfriend
Karen makes employee mad
Don't follow our agreement? Whoops, there goes your WiFi
Petty revenge, 20th century royals edition
Sister didn't want to get up for school, so I annoyed her into waking up
I (27m) slapped my cheating ex (23f) as hard as I could while fucking her today.
Boss got petty revenge on a wealthy ass who wouldn't pay for her car repairs.
Petty revenge at home
ruined the year for a creepy para-educator
My grandma was pretty badass.
Waste my time, I'll waste yours[META] Unpopular opinion: People that have been stuck with shitty partners should only post if they end up victorious.
Want me to help you out after you humiliated me?
Moving out and making his penis burn
Boss made me pay back trainings, he became my replacement
Boss made me pay back trainings, he became my replacement
My oh my
Juice thief got what she deserved.
The man who crossed my dad
Try to manipulate us? Game on.
You don't like my lawn signs? Let me make them bigger.
Hidden Phone
It’s not much, but it’s honest work.
I told his gf about the inappropriate text
Undercutting competitors
I got my friend of 11 years arrested for stealing my sweater.
My Mom Gets revenge on my Cheapskate Grandmother (If Rslash sees this PLEASE consider reading)
Your privacy is fully kept
Girl said no to dating my friend so we made this revenge video:
Try shame new employee for going to slow. Allow me to delay your checkout further.
You want to willingly lead me on and throw me breadcrumbs so you can secretly see what else is out there? Ok..let me help you out with that...
My Petty Revenge towards my Ex Boyfriend.
Kid likes to stomp on my toes? Be my guest.
No campfires in the house? Okay
I hope you feel cramped!
Officer, I found this yellow triangle by the side of my car
I send furry scat porn to people trying to scam me.
Small revenge on shitty manager
Dumped my petty ex topping her pettiness
She was being annoying so I decided to do the same.
Lock us out of the van? Hope you don’t like comfort.
Supermarket Sneak
How I avoided my bullies
My class and I got a teacher to leave her racist and sexist husband
Bird shit
Turned ex best friend’s Netflix unreadable
Steal my money, no goody
Neighbours and Residential Parking
Make Me Move Out of My Sweet Digs? Enjoy!
Call me an idiot? Lose your karma
Sheriff's office gets owned
Sheriff's Office gets owned
I want help
I hope she learned her lesson!
My Granda Blows up a Caboose
You want to yell and scream at me for asking a simple question? Ok, lets do that
You want to harass our kids over normal living noise? Fine.
Mom is devilish with her petty revenge!
Trying to post
Something interesting
Why can’t I post
Test
Don’t mess with a spiteful 4th grader
Harass our kids over normal living noise? Fine
Harass my kids for normal living noises? Fine.
Test
Harass our kids for normal living noises? Fine.
You can have that spot. Not for long, though.
Lock me out of our shared room? Enjoy your new toothbrush flavor...
Harass our kids over normal living noise? Fine
Boss just fired me, how do I use his phone number to sign up for telemarketing calls
You want to harass our kids over normal living noise? Fine.
I'm lactose intolerant and my brother made me drink milk, so I gave him a taste of his own medicine
I'm lactose intolerant and my brother tricked me into drinking milk, so I gave him a taste of his own medicine
Pagers, phone books and overalls.
Petty attitude causes a petty break up
You started it so I ended it.
Want me to cancel something? You can let them know!
Roommate thinks he can get free wifi
Former Classmate Who I Hate Tries To Talk To Me On The Bus And I Report Her To The Bus Driver Who Yells At Her
Won't let me past? Sure, that's fine.
The pettiest revenge in minecraft
Dont wanna play? Fine ill do it myself.
Cut my pay? Fine by me
SMS me with advertising at 1:51 AM? Sure, I'll respond at the same time tomorrow.
SMS me with advertising at 1:51 AM? Sure, I'll respond at the same time tomorrow.
Revenge but not a revenge I guess??🤷🏼‍♀️🤷🏼🤷🏼‍♂️
Hope this counts: revenge against an entire organization at my school
My brother (M26) used the wrong body shampoo
Sweet petty revenge for a stressed baby mama
Act annoying or disrespectful, you get extra hand sanitizer
Good luck living without forks!
Freshman lemming teaches senior about karma
My dad turning off the internet so our annoying neighbour couldn't watch TV after screaming at us
Don't like it when I grassed (snitch) on you? Ok. How about I trick you into confessing
They blamed me for breaking it so I made it worse
Guy makes racist remark so I drew him his favorite flag
Sheriff's office get owned
Sheriff's Office gets owned
So break my art supplies have fun with hepatitis
Entitled teacher hates manga art and tries to suppress budding artists based on this hatred, get's unceremoniously fired.
I’m sorry brother I’m too loud to hear your loudness
Got commissioned by a racist, so I hide “BLM” in his art
You cancel my birthday lunch that you scheduled? That will cost you your office.
Mayonnaise in my peanut butter? I’ll make you sweat
The bell tower
Guess I'll be really smelly
Revenge Against the Holier-Than-Thou Roommate from Hell
You feel sorry for me? I feel sorry for you!
Don’t wanna pay OT? Fine by me.
Eat my cereal, I’ll leave less than enough for your next servingMy brother tricked me into drinking milk so I let him enjoy the scent of my lactose intolerant farts
A Lesson in Good Sportsmanship
Roommate screwed me out of $3000 so I untuned her guitar
Petty Revenge Help!
Wrong time, wrong words buddy
Wrong time, wrong words buddy
Can you hear me now?
Try to pin me for something I didn’t do? I’ll give you a job you’ll never actually get.
Guy made me wait in the cold, I got him in trouble at work
My Science Teacher
Co-worker tried to pass all the work off to me for an easy day. Found a fun way to force her to do work.
Co-worker tried to pass all the work off to me for an easy day. Found a fun way to force her to do work.
ncej
Micromanage me? Have fun with your new headache.
Gonna act like a dick? Have some slugs.
Steal Art =&gt; Sale Art =&gt; Lose Business
Does ongoing revenge still count?
I drove my spanish two teacher insane
Not my story..
one guy, two raincoats
Ex said she was going to commit death as a joke
My sister ate rotten melon
Mt sister ate rotten/gone off watermelon
Complain about my dogs food? Okay, now they're eating raw.
Taught an overly-strict teacher to pick her battles
This may’ve been from so long ago but it feels so good thinking about it.
My Sister Constantly Scares me, So I Turned the Tables
Don't eat our food
Stale crust of bread petty revenge on forgetful husband
Teacher hated me so I didn't have to do anything in her class.
That’s what you get for drinking my juice
Honk at me in my own driveway? Enjoy being blocked in!
My sister’s an ass, so I put water in with her cereal milk.
Are you sure you don’t want to just pay your employees for the work they do?
Put parental controls on my phone when I’m almost 16? Hope you like almost being late to a super-important work meeting!
So you collect coke rewards codes?
Don't Upset the Flight Attendants
My Grandpa Blows Up a Mailbox
My Grandpa Blows Up a Mailbox
You eat the foods we both like and leave nothing for me? I'll start buying things you don't like as well.
Fun in the snow
Steel mailbox =1, teens in car=0
Break a promise? I’ll ruin your career.
Be a total bitch, get reported for copyright infringement
Getting back at misogynistic, racist, nice guy brother.
Late Night Revenge
Ex-mechanic gets revenge on neighbor
Let me go? Enjoy manually entering ALL the passwords
Teacher wouldn't let me use the restroom, I got HER suspended
Ruin our Hawaiian vacation, I’ll ruin Avengers Endgame.
YOUR space? I don't think so!
YOUR parking space? I don't think so!
YOUR parking space? I don't think so!
Ghosted by my friend just before going to jail got him this:
My GF's brother kept screwing over my GF and I, so I "accidentally" gave him a taste of his own medicine!
He called me a fat lesbian so I kissed his crush.
Never touch my toothpaste. EVER.
“This bitch wants magazines? I’ll give her magazines”
People were mean to me so I made them lose.
Group of kids were rude, I got my revenge.
Childhood Bully Revenge
Childhood Bully Revenge
Don't mess with my family
Want to steal from us? I'll report it to the IRS
I destroyed my neighbor’s anti-gay sign.
Somebody took my food in school so I got revenge.
How i got 2 babysitters fired
(Not my story ) Dad gets owned.
Minor irritation deserves a minor irritation.
Brilliant idea
Break my charger unplug yours
Non Stop Puppy pushes my Dad over the Edge
Revenge on my Spoiled Sister
Screw me over in a group project? Have fun failing the class.
Non Stop Puppy pushes my dad over the edge
Hurt my feelings and ruin my vacation? Let me slightly confuse you for weeks.
My sister used my razor so I told her I have herpes
Payback for coworker playing stump the chump
Don't judge a book by its cover.
Petty revenge with a dash of malicious compliance on awful manager
Park next to me and smoke on your lunch break? That's OK, I'll just turn on the AC.
I’ve been using my shitty boss’ condiments at work
Liquid Ass Spray for Bad Roommates
You want to slighty insult me? I'll slightly ruin your flight.
New car smell
Try to make my life miserable, have fun brushing your teeth.
Signing spammers up for spam
Family of Douche gets upset at me for just doing my job
I paid for this book it’s mine!
My dog has a heroic act of petty revenge (for a dog)
Grandfather gets mad that I threw away "perfectly good" outdated food, so I let him eat it.
I took the erasers out of all of some kids mechanical pencils.
Passive agressive petty college roommates
Asshole gets mad at me because I wouldn’t do something that wasn’t my job.
Finally hit him back
You think this is a joke, so I'm going to take my time
Neighbours with bad dog- failed
bad roommate + shampoo
Cheat on me? Here's a bit of karma
Rant about my review? Enjoy a problem during a busy weekend.Bad Roommate + filed key
Neighbor keeps blasting subwoofer? Probably shouldn’t keep the speaker discoverable on Bluetooth.
I scared boy scouts over chocolate milk
Final Harry Potter midnight book release revenge!
Cheater gets what he deserves
Only do your job for him? I’ll make you regret that.
Removing somebody's Minecraft WTC towers because he doesn't deserve to have them.
Two Can Play This Biological War Game
Splitting the DVD collection
All good things come to those who wait 😈
Zippidy Zappidy Pricket, Dick gets a Speeding Ticket
Took him 3 years to elaborate his "petty revenge", and I didn't even remember who he was...
Took him 3 years to elaborate his "petty revenge", and I didn't even remember who he was...
Enjoy your burnt hookah!
Nice "book" report class Bully. I'll expose your cheating.
I made gave someone public diarrhea
Insult me and call me names? Ok.
Welcome to Ketchupland party of 1
Treat me like shit because you're insecure about how well you do in a game, have fun not being able to play for 3 days
Be an asshole to me and cheat on my friend? Enjoy shitting yourself in front of the entire class and repeating the subject.
Nice "book" report class Bully. I'll expose your cheating.
I know your parents beat you and I'm always here.
Kid I was babysitting was being rude, I switched off the internet while he was in a game he couldn't immediately save
Masterfull b#tch
Kid destroyed my homework so i took revenge
Made a kid drink glue when i was 7
I made a kid drink white glue when i was 6 years old
Karen yells at me, I take her fucking picnic table
Bully copies my exams so i made wrong scratch papers and he failed the subject.
I made the class laugh at someone who tried calling me dumb.
Scam me? Get your whole village murdered
don't touch my stuff
Kid I was babysitting was being rude, I switched off the internet while he was in a game he couldn't immediately save
100 keys one phone number
My Grandpa blows up a mailbox.
Remodeled my home to antagonize loud neighbor better
Third Shift Grocery Cashier (Classic, 1990's)
Keep drinking my stuff, get a surprise
Spite Parking
I stole my moms 4 karat wedding ring &amp; was in for a wild ride
Cheat on me? Good luck getting home!
Make me work short staffed every day and give me all the heavy work, I'll just stop working
He went through my private drawers and stole all my clothes? I need revenge then.
Never Mess With The Bros
I kept taking my roommate's toilet paper
Annoying younger sister finally gets a taste of her own medicine.
My dad got a scamming company arrested
Nurse tries to scam my Mom and refuses to issue a Refund. Gets tricked into believing we'll sue her for it
Giving the annoying people a taste of their own medicine on a Minecraft server.
Old friend twists my words and scammed me so I took it all back and more
Last chance, or I'll fix it myself.
Behave like a baby? Get treated like a baby.
It's not me
Taking revenge on a lazy co-worker by going above and beyond.
So I put my doors in the middle of my room.
Welcome to your free trial of your own medicine.
Happy birthday
You want to get out of traffic that's already slow and honk at us for waiting? Well, we'll just make it worse.
Have fun counting all those coins
Have fun counting all those coins
Have fun counting all those coins
Google Translator will only take you so far, Lisa
Not-so sweet old lady
Brother kept bullying me so i gave him a panic attack
Cheating auntie aired her own dirty laundry so I took my chance
You don't want us using dishes? Have it your way..
I put Nair hair removal lotion in my ex boyfriend shampoo
Lie about my friend? Guess you lose your cat
Good luck covering that up!
Steal my Coke? Try this.
Steal my bottle of Coke? Try this chew stick with it.
That's going to cost an extra $300
Steal my Coke? Have a bull penis.
Gym asshole
Coworker helped me out with creep
My Grandma was a badass
My coworker took petty revenge for me
Don't like the greenbin? Probably wouldn't want it any closer I bet...
My driveway is not your guest parking
You were rude to me? You'll get (partially accidentally) sent to psych counselling
Skip out on rent? I'll send you to the DMV
Uncle was a monster his entire life, dies alone and nobody misses him
DON'T. MESS. WITH. MY. DOG
You want me to write an essay? I’ll write the best damn essay you’ve ever seen.
Got Divorced - "I don't want the QDRO"
Sharing
My neighbor's trash can
Call me ugly and gross behind my back? I’ll ruin your life
Older Brother shoots me with water gun everyday I get up, I do it back except with something a little different then water.
Toilet Water Coffee
Petty revenge on my hypocritical neighbor
Dad pulls a bot prank on Slack
Stood up to a server that tried to take advantage of the fact that I was a kid
Tiny story tiny revenge
When you gotta go, you gotta go.
Classmate Karma
Venmo
I have access to their email, what can I do?
Wanna be a shitty friend?
Coworker with OCD, Covid revengeI help my sister get revenge on our little brother
First day of university win!
What happens when an entitled Karen meets a petty teenager AND fast food worker?
Looking for a way to get revenge on someone who posted something about my friends shop.
Correct me, even if I'm wrong I'll make sure you can't enjoy my apology
I craigslisted my bad neighbors yard ornaments
Teacher tried to embarrass me and failed miserably
She ghosted me, so I will haunt her
guy used cheats to win in video games, and i got his accounts banned
Overly-strict teacher learns to pick her battles
Overly-strict teacher learns to pick her battles
I stood up for myself to my teacher when I was +-12 years old and won.
Sometimes a quiet revenge is best..
Car destruction ideas
The Story of Douche-bag Derek! aka How I made a man cut himself through the power of reverse psychology!
The Story of Douche-bag Derek! aka How I made a man cut himself through the power of reverse psychology!
My grandma was a badass
The time a Karen almost killed us three times for a f**king donut
Entitled grandmother getting her due, kind of
My friend made me look like an asshole, I get a little back at him.
Hardass teacher learns to pick her battles
Cheating teammate killed by friendly fire
Slam the dishes? I'll make you do it all over again
Hardass teacher learns to pick her battles
Overly-strict teacher learns to pick her battles
Don't move up the line at a drive-thru when everyone else is? Get cut off.
Overly-strict teacher learns to pick her battles
Hardass teacher learns to pick her battles
Reported my coworker
Throw Your Trash Out Your Car? Okay, I’ll Clean It Up While Everyone Watches.
The worst teacher in my life.
Harassing us? Say Goodbye to your job!
How can revenge my 26 year old brother ho is acting like 16 and he is living in OUR apartment with looking for a job and making life worse. And my parents ho dont understand my probleme with him
Call me a moocher? I change the Wi-Fi password.
Keep Taking my Clothes. Fine. I'll Take All of Your Clothes.
Take my batteries , ill take your paper
Since you seem to like staples so much...
Have some spiders, arseholes
My dad made a compagny stop spamming him
Dick wiggler gets unwanted spotlight
Nosy appartment manager gets full package.
You're going to annoy me? Then I'll make you hold my booger.
How I got revenge on my bully
Little twat insults my bestie and I, and gets what he deserves
My "friend" called me a cunt and tracked my up adress. Cops called.
I saved the delivery guy from a karen
I hit my ex boss where it hurt the most. Her pride.
College Master threatens "underage" student. Public humiliation ensues.
College Master threatens "underage" student. Humiliation ensues.
Ebay/Paypal Scammer (Edited)
Ebay/Paypal Scammer XP
Rick Rolled my neighbors new BT speaker this morning.
Quiet kid dumped ice cream on douche bag's head for mocking her
Dad proves mom wrong with one phone call.
Burned a bully so bad it hurt (DISCLAIMER! includes puke)
Don't screw me out of an hour of work!
Best plan against strict parents
Bully me in football? Enjoy the taste of mud
He killed my fish. I made his life a little bit harder.
My friend kept killing me so i trapped him and kill him and burned all his stuff (in minecraft ofc)
My friend kept killing me so i killed him back and burned all his stuff
Yes, you can only have one.
Still parking here? Feel my wrath.
Don't want to play how we agreed? You're gonna have a bad time.
crumbs
Put Karen on probation for "tripping me with a flatbed"
Put psychotic Karen on probation for disrespecting me
A flight over a crazy Ex Boss Karen's nest
Lazy ex misses an opportunity for further laziness
Stuck in a random group chat that refuses to remove me. Getting insulted and messages at all hours. Need help.
Your turn to feel bad about yourself.
Shortest (and useless) petty revenge ever
My sexist in-laws get to see their firstborn son and firstborn grandson with other last name that’s not theirs.
Im disabled and forced to live at home, my sister and her friend attacked me over 2 songs at noon on a sunday waking them up. now everyday I start the day with that album. I've now moved onto beethoven to fully solidify the clockwork orange motif.
He treats me like shit, I take his Reddit account
Karma is going to hurt
Pee is stored in the balls.
help: why can't I make a post?
This is why you shouldn't honk at pedestrians!
This is why you shouldn't honk at pedestrians!
test headline - honking car
This is why you shouldn't honk at pedestrians!
Sweet revenge when food thief steals doctored cookies
Please text this number!!!!
Free car wash!
This is why you shouldn't honk at pedestrians!
This is why you shouldn't honk at pedestrians!
Bully me in football? Enjoy the taste of mud
Light jalapeños? Gotcha
Make my worker cry, get kicked out of the store.
I hate litterbugs.
Annoy Me in Class? Have Fun Explaining Your Project to the Teacher!
Annoy Me in Class? Have Fun Explaining Your Project to the Teacher!
Bully me and you’ll miss the soccer tryouts you’ve been training weeks for.
Tricked Elementary School Bullies into Eating Underripe Berries
Got stuck in a group of full lazy slackers! faked a flat with proof to cost them their marks!
Make my employee cry, get kicked out of the store.
GF shames a Karen who's angry because she can't overhear a private conversation
Bobbert the king of gas
bobbert the gas chiefStaged fake fire to get revenge on roommate
Neighbour got us evicted so I made an honest review of the home when he tried to sell
Asshole Neighbour Got Me Evicted so I Sabotaged his Home Sale
Thanks for the tea...
Piss and Petty
Intimidating restaurant guests get a taxi to nowhere
Dads colleague has enough of being phoned by conservatory companies, so gets petty!
Embarrass me in front of my friends, I'll embarrass you in front of the airport
Revenge on the porch pirates in my area
Try opening the bathroom door while I'm in there? Okay then
My brother is dating my ex, so I'm giving them a family "airloom".
Steal my milk? Drink my piss!
Sister's being annoying, so ima be annoying right back.
Ex Thought I Wouldn't Leave Him... I did
Pet tortoise gives bratty kid something to cry for...
Steal my camera and take shit pics
Be an abusive teacher? Thanks for having good supplies!
Orange juice lady gets what she deserves
Be rude and discourteous to me as I’m explaining our store’s safety standards? Wait longer for me to shut up.
Getting revenge on a jerk customer
HOA Karen put another flyer in my mailbox...
Builders dump stuff in front of my office door. Builders lunch now paints the walls.
Took back my desk
Do you guys think I'm the asshole for insulting someone's mother when they insulted my friend who has autism
My wife is cheating. I know where the guy works. I won’t attack him because that’s crazy. But I regularly stop by in the evening to spread my dog’s poop on the doorknob and keyhole that he uses each morning.
You want to heckle at a concert? I'll make sure you loose your first row spot.
Want to use your brights and tailgate me? That’s totally fine.
Want to tailgate me and use your bright lights? That’s fine.
Whistle while i'm playing piano? Good luck.
Whistle while i'm playing piano? Good luck.
Whistle while i'm playing piano? Good luck.
we started a revolution against our manipulative “friend”
You cheat on and abuse me? Nope, Countered.
Forget your neckstrap? Have mine!
Don’t wanna wear shoes, Than I’ll make you not want them
I Just Want My Stolen Money Back
Beware to whom you're a dick
Scammer tries to get a 200 dollar gift card for free, but it backfires
They’re Wearing a Different Swimsuit
Harmless petty revenge ideas!
Last resort - revenge
oops it'l only take a minute
My annoying neighbor
Destroy our Mc house we destroy your discord server
You abuse me, I take away your VPN
Kid bullies my friend’s little brother so my friend changes setting on all his games
Kid bullies my friends little brother so my friend changes setting on all his games
ENJOY YOU KITTY LITTER SHOWER KAREN!
Loud music meets the beauty of Google devices
I Will Enjoy Interviewing You After You Were a Jerk
Unintentional revenge on a county cop
Manager wont let me leave work when general manager could because my mom is in the hospital? General manager let's me go and she has to work back window cause no one else is trained to
My roommates are refusing to pay their share of rent &amp; electricity so I changed the wifi password &amp; called them out in the network names
Proved to my former sexist boss that he should have been nice
My ex girlfriend in college when I broke up said I was cheating on her and going to ask out that girl, causing me to call my Gay friend if he wanted to hookup.
Sauced it to my boss
I'll send you a brick
You want to leave me? You'll never go on the date with her now!!
Sex? Money? And ?
Suddenly breaking up with me?? Enjoy your Karma!
Stopped me from going to the toilet? Face my puke wrath.
THERE WILL BE FIREWORKS!!!
Why not have another slice of cake?
I know how my debit card works, I own it.
I own my debit card... I know how it works.
Ive own my debit card... I know how it works...
I use my debit card daily... I know how it works...
Miss Me When I'm Gone!
Thanks for the great teaching materials, guys. Have fun using them!
Roommates are refusing to pay rent so I changed the wifi password &amp; called them out in the network names
Awful sister/roommate and an evil boyfriend. NEED REVENGE IDEAS
Inconsiderate sister, toxic behavior, a$$hole boyfriend - need revenge ideas
Wash your mouth out with soap
Toxic Sister and Boyfriend roommates - you are what you eat
If you don't knock, prepare to wait.
Hair in food and tabacco on purpose
A woman’s revenge on her sister’s shitty boss.
I wiped my dick on my dad's towel
I’ll take the dishes out alright, just not to the dishwasher.
Lovey revenge
Have one slice of cake? Why not another?
Have one slice of cake? Why not another?
Take one piece of cake? How about another!
Habenero Cake
This spot's reserved for me and me only
Give me the silent treatment for something out of my control? I'll ruin your birthday and make you question your manhood.
folding clothes is much better when angry at your husband
Don't mess with the greenskeeper....
Called my terrible former manager to share my feelings.
Beating of a revenge
Passed on the road at night here is a tip
Yell at me all you want, but it will cost you most of
It’s a funeral, not X factor.
Teacher gets mad at me for being late so I hatch an evil plan (before covid)
Cat gets revenge
My 1st sergeant was a jerk to me for two years. Then I saw my chance
The teacher got her karma.
I caught my neighbor stealing from my yard!
Taught a lesson to my idiot boss who tried to take credit for my software to get promotion himself while firing me over it
A guy called me faggot on a day I was feeling particularly petty...My sister is an asshole and my parents cannot process logic
My neighbour is a drug dealer? Well sir, guess I'll steal your golf balls.
Mess with the bull, get the horns
NO FIREWORKS FOR YOU THEN!!! FORGET IT!!!
I am looking for advice!
Wake me up to try and scam me while I’m sleeping before night shift okay bud...
That’s the most longest revenge i’ve done
Act like an asshole, I'll make your pen smell like an asshole.
Stole from me I to over his base
Bought a shirt to wear every time I’m around anyone on either side of my husbands family after a lot of back and forth arguments
Disturb the entire community with your truck and call my mom a bitch, enjoy your karma
"No...I don't think I will." - Capt America
Very petty revenge served in carpark
Very petty revenge served in carpark
Beautiful Fireworks
My neighbor told me not to play with my electric rc car so I ran a different one 😈
Mild petty revenge on annoying student in my class.
Don’t Mess With Sick People
Sister tried to paint my nails in my sleep. So I scared the crap out of her
What beautiful fireworks
What Beautiful Fireworks
I left a bad review over a year after my experience
Person opens their door at 60mph, dumps plastic out, I pass them, drive 20mph.
Wife obliterates her place of work over being mocked for a typo.
Challenge me in archery? Nah, bro.
FREE To Anybody But Ann!
Not sure if this is revenge, but it is petty.
Don't ram me with your trolley lady
I don’t think your mom would approve
Advice: Seeking revenge on pedophile.
my friend broke my xbox one..... i got him in trouble with the school
Ram our trashcans with your parents car? Have fun explaining all the body damage.
my friend broke my xbox one s..... i got him in trouble with the school..
my friend broke my xbox one s,.... i got him in trouble with the school
Don’t mess with a black belt
Patient learns Karma is a B**ch
My dad is proud of me...
Wake my mother! It'll cost you!
Neighbor kept taken other people's clothes out of the washer mid cycle so I ruin thier clothes.
Neighbor kept taken other people's clothes out of the washer mid cycle so I ruin thier clothes.
out smarted
Asshole gets soaked
Wherein our protagonist is guaranteed petty- or his money back
My parents were very annoying. so when they had guests that same day I let the dog on to the porch with them so the dog would bark. whenever they put her back inside I let her out again
Abusive ex attempts to reinsert himself into my life
A guy insulted his teammate, so he helped my team win.
A guy insulted his teammate, who then helped my team win.
You’re not sorry for making me puke? Oh, you will be.
Cliche high school quarterback bullies gay student
Humiliate my daughter? Face the Karma Chameleon.
Man gets banned from a restaurant because he couldn't sit at a window
Asshole bosses me around for the last time
Guess YOU have to wait
If You're Going to Ghost a Candidate, Don't Leave Your Calendly Link!
Don't piss off the only person who isn't afraid of snakes
I never asked you...
Don't challenge my work ethic, I will use that same work ethic to make you regret it.
An update to my someone asked for nudes post.
Someone asked for nudes [UPDATE]
My Brother locks cat in his room and cat "plops" in it.
Brother locks cat in room, he poops in it.
Don't mess with my builds
Got former manager demoted for verbal abuse
I gave a Karen a tub of my urine.
A little, lasting present for laying off mom
Young "Karen" next door...well, previously next door.
It's not really his fault, but I still need to be mad at someone.
Neighbor kept taken other people's clothes out of the washer mid cycle so I ruin thier clothes.
Neighbor kept taken other people's clothes out of the washer mid cycle so I ruin thier clothes.
My brother always uses my shoes. Showed up to his practice with no shoes
Neighbor keep taking everyone clothes out of laundry mid cycle so I ruin their clothes
REQUEST- Coworker stile my chair and gave me his super uncomfortable chair.
Neighbor keep taking clothes out of laundry mid cycle. I ruin their clothes
Don’t be mean to old ladies!
I finally stopped the free newspapers
Revenge of the Cat
Really, it’s closed.
The cat's revenge.
Don't want to stop sending me junk mail? OK I got something for you!
I made a teacher colleague cry because he said I was unqualified.
Entitled teacher embarrassed my friend I played uno reverse card
Brother takes petty revenge into his own hands
Revenge via Cat
Revenge on rapist apologist
I made a fake account on Tinder to ghost the guy I had been seeing for 4 months after he ghosted me unexpectedly.
Buy my car for double the price
Bylaw loophole
How I made an entire classroom fail a quiz.
Professor's revenge on kids who ghosted their partners on a project
Make my roommate cry an you'll glimmer for days.
I soaked the bedsheets so my sister couldn't sleep in the bed
Cheat in gaga revenge have fun with a swollen eye and a not so good reputation
Don't be a dick when someone is showing some kindness
Rude patients get their eyes puffed multiple times
For being so sweet ..
I found my bitchy neighbors nudes online
Entitled Karen Gets Locked In Walmart
NEED IDEAS TO GET THIS LOSER OUT OF MY APARTMENT
Cutlery for cutlery
I got owned by my seventh grade music teacherNo WiFi, no problem
Finally, he does his job
Finally, he does his job
Catfishing Season!
That’d be a you problem
I told my "bestfriends" Mother her habits after she outed me
He decided to use me and dump me, so I decided to cat fish him!
Theft thinks he can gets things for free, he gets charged double
Don't annoy your delivery guy!
My boss talked shit about me in Spanish... I speak Spanish
Prank caller gets annoyed and furiously hangs up
He used me, so I cat fished him!
Want revenge
Colleague sends me home to take credit for my work
My tiny carma
HORRIBLE neighboor will think twice before trying to mess with us again.
My sister took away the the controller so I did what I do best.
For the price of a coke..
Bite Me Once, Even Twice; Shame On You! Try For A 3rd Time and Feel My Baby Wrath!!
I Will Not Sign Your Sympathy Card
Simple and oh so sweet...
Colleague tries to take credit for my work
Classic workplace revenge
Classic workplace tale of stealing credit
Classic workplace tale of stealing credit
But if you leave we are going to fail
I own a rental property and used it as an Airbnb last year. Kid is on scholarship to play at local college. Little shit moves my camera so could sneak his buddies in
Male Karen is racist to my friends so we kick him out of his own Home Owners Association.
Oops i dropped it!
Who burned the popcorn?
How do I get revenge on my roommate from hell?
How do I get back at my roommate from hell?
Patents and Copy Machines
My leftist friend got what he deserved.
Point and laugh, just point and laugh
How I got a little petty revenge on a rude customer
You tell me to wait? I'll wait
Never ending mice revenge
Customer Was Rude To Me So I Denied Him His Pizza
Yell at me, no refund for you.
Getting a rude driver back with a taste of their medicine
PS4 chat party
Take advantage of me? Enjoy scrambling for someone new
Girlfriend cheated so I got her university application cancelled
Got my cheating girlfriend's unibersity application cancelled
Job accused me of lying, so i got revenge
Revenge on a coworker who left me to work 9 hours without a break
Revenge on a coworker who left me to work 9 hours without a break
Petty revenge on a coworker who made me work 9 hours without a break
Petty revenge of lazy coworker
Asshole vendor.
Locker Socker
No mask, no problem
Hateful guy gets signed up for liberal emails.
How i enforced my petty revenge on a discord troll.
Try to scam the elderly? Waste an hour of your time.
biggest pet peeve when driving is when people ride my butt.
biggest pet peeve when driving is when people ride my booty.
I have no idea where your tobacco is
He was raging at the lockers
The bean juice incident
He was raging at the lockers
He was raging at the lockers
Double revenge on asshole driver
A hero of the working man
Don’t give seven year old me a beaver tail, see what happens.
That felt nice
School nurse didn’t believe me so...
Kick me off the team? Ok, win against you in opposite team
My annoying neighbor gets what
My boss watched porn in the office, I complained, he got me fired.
I Made A Child Cry With Memes
Parts department not doing their job.
The most subtle but satisfying revenge I’ve had on my annoying brother.
A coworkers rant becomes my new voicemail message just for him.
jerk brother browses my computer, so i send some files to mom
Brother browses computer without permission, i send some files to my mum.
Falsely accouse me of stealing? look me in the eye now
Abusive girlfriend of two years wants password to her hard drive
Dumbass brother browses my computer without permission.
This is an oldie but goodie. Family stuff ahead, featuring my sister and her BFF.
Petty revenge on my dog for pulling on the lead!
Insulting my parents, have some leaves.
A windy revenge
I scrub the toilet with your toothbrush
Got Honked at for Stopping at a Stop Sign
Petty People Who Are On Another Level - REACTION
The Manager Who Wasn’t Good Enough
Girl working at coffee shop gave me shit
Raging Bitch? You got it!
Getting even.
Professor tries to coerce girls into having aex with him, so we ruined his first day at school
Cheating in school
Game of Thrones, I came out on top.
Neighbor threatens to call cops because I was shifting off legal fireworks in my backyard.
Never trust again
Little cousins get the gift they’ve always wanted
My roommate sucked... but her rice cooker didn’t.
I destroyed a mountain for a parrot
Upstairs neighbors constantly blasting all sorts of music every day while I work, so I put my sound bar in the vents to blast Weird Al polkas whenever it gets too loud.Messed with my cousin with firecrackers, jokes on me, ended up with hurting eye
Mailed it to her boss
PS4 chat party
Seven months later, Snapchat revenge
Poison my dog? I'll get you a fine for animal cruelty and spend ~$100 letting everyone in the neighborhood know you did it.
Don't respect the quarantine? I don't mind being the rat.
Be a dick teacher? Say goodbye to your computer
Emotionally abusive ex-husband wanted to file taxes together...
Sharing with the neighbors
My mean school janitor.
My Dad's car got clamped
make me awake ? enjoy random calls
Lose 3 generations of customers over $15
Revenge of the Renters
Toys n things
I poured water over my neighbours convertible because he wouldn’t stop revving it in the morning
The smell makes me vomit... ALL over her.
Brother didn't want me to have gas to drive so my parents stepped in..
Fast food employee’s time is just as valuable
My cousin shared my personal and private photos with her friends.
So you want to share my personal photos with your friends? Enjoy your ones being shared on your Instagram as well!
Gas Satation Karen get the Reverse
So you want to share my personal and private photos with your friends?
So you want to share my personal photos with your friends? Enjoy your ones being shared on your Instagram as well!
You wanna make some noise at 3am huh? Two can play that game.
Ex gf
Annoyed by my yard?
Neighbor didn’t like how I did my own lawn...
Being Petty to a Co-worker
Sneaky Co tries to replace me, I write brutally honest Glassdoor review
You want me to clean up someone else's mess? Careful what you wish for.
does anyone know some good places to sign for junk (physical) mail?
Who's stupid now?
Girl says I tried to “scam” her on depop (clothes selling app) and leaves me a shitty review. I spam her email.
I played a player
Karens get squished cakes
The war next door
The war next door aka 2 petty women
I poured shampoo,baby powder and conditioner in this girl gym locker
girl thinks its ok to put her smelly feet on my shoulders during a movie
I NEED TO HOW-TO-LOSE-A-GUY-IN-10-DAYS THIS HUMAN TOE OF A PERSON
Some guy hurt my feelings so I wrote a definition on urban dictionary
You wanna DJ then so will I
A fart for a fart
My SIL learned to do her laundry
Annoy Me in Class? Have Fun Explaining Your Project to the Teacher!
Block my path? I'll block yours back
My cat just got revenge from my dog
Pondering legality
Trying to copy my test? As you wish.
Well if you didn't want me to grab it, you shouldn't' have put it where I could reach it.
My stepmum's invasion
Your mean, so you miss out
Grandpa freaks my aunt’s friends out.
Try to fuck my dad over? TWICE?! Fuck that, this time I'm old enough to help him win.
Pantsed my sister in front of guests
Non handicapped people take my grandparents spot? They can wait to leave
Coworker Implied I Was Faking Sick
Tied up at the bowling alley
Don't hurt my ears
Fired me? Well the curse got you.
This guy scammed me and then blocked me. Let’s spam his Snapchat and report it so that he can’t do this to anyone else
Girlfriend's Ex Boyfriend Thinks He Can Come Back Into Her Life After Abusing Her, Her Text Message Has Something Else in Mind
Rude Man at Gas Station
Snooty teens mess with the wrong grandma!
Karen complained to much so I got some sweet pettiness
Annoy Me in Class? Have Fun Explaining Your Project to the Teacher!
Annoy Me in Class? Have Fun Explaining Your Project to the Teacher!
Petty revenge on scammers!
How to destroy an email address?
Oh you won't call me by my perfered name?
A year later, school teacher gets the last laugh with Superintendent during pandemic.
Revenge on entitled parents
I seriously want to pay someone to slash my ex's tires, or put sugar in his gas tank.
Uno Reversed My Neighbors
UNO reversed a Karen
Neighborhood Karen Boomer who introduced herself to me as a giant bitch gets an Uno Reverse card played on her
Any Sissy want to be own if you are interested dm me on kik....mommy00011
Ignore my feedback about your lousy online payment system and try to get me fired for it? I can be petty, too.
Nice Girl tried to get with my boyfriend and no one believed us, so we outed her with a fake Tinder account
Dismiss my paranoia? Let me share it with you, then
Petty revenge on exes car
No loot for Raiders
Keep waking me up? Well have a shitty morning.
I stole his pears: an animal crossing revenge.
I stole his pears, and I continue to steal his diys.
Revenge without doing anything
Classmates broke the rules and tried make me leave with the help of a teacher who ends up convincing them to leave.
Entitled Karens, Please don't call us.
I’m 18. I’m going to the bathroom if I want
Loud party late i to the night? Enjoy the early morning wake up call!
Guy Griefs me and my friend, makes fun of autism and his own friends, so we get revenge
Truck driver revenge
My petty Revenge was getting taller
Call center employee gets petty revenge on me.
Used to work in fast food, now an MD, encountering previous horrible customer in the hospital - fun.
How can I stop an asshole from parking his SUV in front of my house?
How to give a wedding present to someone you hate: A lesson in passive-aggression
A Tale About Some Poop
Girls can’t play four squareA Story About Ice Cream
A Story About Ice Cream
If you want to be very mean to a very rude jerk on the internet, Say your going/did kill yourself because of them. That will mess them up badly, or they will always wonder? “Did I make someone kill themselves?”(not saying to do this!)
My cousin spray paints a bitch’s car windows
Simple elevator revenge
Accidentally drinks some disgusting tea
Steal our artifacts, we steal your business
Don't like my favorite movie and actor? Enjoy having to listen to his life story for 20 minutes.
He left me for another woman, again, but forgot he was dating a witch
My ex slept with my best friend
Count ‘em and weep
I fart on the London underground when people don't wear masks.
Was forced to go to work, made my boss clean up after me
The worst trip EVER..
The slap of a lifetime
Email Alert of Doom
Legal Revenge for house repossession
919 901 9974
You complained about my dog howling? I'll let them know your kids are a mess
Not a story... TIP. If you want to really make a very rude jerk feel bad on the internet tell them you’re going/did kill yourself because of them.(Not saying to do it) THIS could mess then up so bad. Or they’ll definitely be wondering “did I make someone kill themself?”
Entitled Karen couldn't wait in line for 2 minutes so I wasted her next 15
Is this yours?
Email Alert of Doom
Revenge on annoying kid
Have a pallet collapse on you when you refused to help me? Not my problem
Don’t mess with the emo kid.
Kid was annoying me... so I fed him soap
You won't give me pass to your party, now enjoy giving your exam thrice
Bite my boyfriend? Good luck getting out of this rental contract.
How my father took revenge on a failed property lawsuit.
Former classmates broke the rules and wouldn’t listen, so THEY get the teacher, who then convince THEM to leave.
Shamed a grabby old man, may have drank pee
Playing loud music and partying late at night; I ask twice, politely, to turn it down; they treat me like an old fart and basically tell me to f*** off.
Blocked on driveway to keep flatmates friends away
Revenge Gift to Grandma - In Law
Revenge on annoying kid
Annoying kid gets locked outside
First post here. Hope you like it!
Pink birth marks
I was the victim of petty revenge - paste smeared on my windshield
Rude Co-worker Must Struggle For Her Coffee Mug Now
payback on horrible tow service
Crappy Revenge
Interesting short revenge on RATS
You have to reason to scream. I do. And I will.
Guy says the n-word, we get his podcast deleted
I need help
Lady is trying to fire me, so I’m going to spam her.
Sister refuses to share pencils, and gets a taste of her own medicine
League of Petty revenge
Asshole Nearly Hits my Car, so I Block his Way
quit crappy job at the worst time possible for them
Moist bread stick was bullying me and my friends so we got him banned from PlayStation
How I taught my brother bathroom etiquette
Hasn't happened yet but......
My mother &amp; others weren't paid for their work
"deleting" my little brothers Minecraft world
Original post on entitled parents was deleted.
My coattails only bring you so far
Boyfriend Cheated on Me.
Using a Parent's Unique Parenting Method to Exact Petty Revenge.
You HAVE to come in! No, I am in Guatemala.
Yes, please be assholes, I only live above you. Oh and, no, we will wait to fix stuff deemed not an "emergency" during this pandemic.
Eat my donuts I ruin your social life.
Griefer in GTA gets banned
Piggybacking? Sorry you'll have to wait.
Doushbag neighbor decides the proper place for his glass Starbucks bottle is in a million shards in front of my driveway
Petty hair tie reviews
they hit me with a hammer
Teacher can't read my writing so I make sure everybody knows
Update: Revenge on my HOA
Hope this fits, enjoy!
Planning some petty revenge,need advice.
Crappy neighbors destroy bike trail, get a taste of petty revenge
I smashed my phone making my bully think that it was his.
He couldn’t take no for an answer so I showed him why he should.
Kid on the school bus gets more than he bargained for when he steals my brother's snacks
Got back at my HS bully
9 year old taking care of business!
Serving coffee as fast as I can
I got sent a dick pic from a # I don’t know
Lazy teammate
Cheating Ex, His Side Chick and other shenanigans
Not letting me work my scheduled hours? I'll file for unemployment
Using my email for mundane things? Have fun rescheduling car Service!
The Revenge that Got Me Into Pokemon
I Fed The Bitch Dog Treats...
You're firing me?! Fine. You're fired!
Am i being a karen?
Miss Me When I'm Gone
Pissing my sister off by turning the volume up to 100 on the tv
Math Class Cheater
Won't let me go to the bathroom? Okay, then.
Laundry tossed on the floor... revenge time!
Mess with me, face the council.
Dealing with neighborhood fireworks
Guy I know irl destroys me and my friends minecraft base... I get my revenge
Want to waste my time? I'll waste yours
College Master threatens "underage" student. Public and professional humiliation ensues.
My Boss Mocked Me For Wearing a Mask, I Replaced Him A Week LaterSteal my gun? I steal your victory.
Karma comes in audible packages too!
Made laxative brownies for the girl my boyfriend was cheating on me with.
Lady Demands To Speak To An American. Never Says What Language She Wants.
I'm ripping out my whole lawn out of spite (mostly)
I was sacked from my work post and well....
Math Class Chester
Spooked my friend with halloween theme song
The (short) tale of the Bumper Humper
Crazy Girl at a Restaurant
This is the Tale of: The Friend Hopper
kid gets locked from a game, misses a week of V.I.P. in a game
Steal from my 8 year old daughter, enjoy 3 felonies, prison, and divorce!
Son of Mayor ruins my snack break, have fun with the principal!
A Gaggle of Geese
Bad nurse gets cancer cleanup duty
Cold, sweet, petty revenge
A childhood mastermind
Get angry at me because I won't make endless substitutions and charge you less? I'll just kick you out
Dont steal my food
Sarcastic and Annoying? ... Enjoy Your Wait Time
Leave me to handle a panic attack on my own? Enjoy no coffee!
Fuckboy kept texting me after 11 p.m. so I answered some “Gay For Straight” ads, included a pic, and fuckboy’s phone number. Who knows? Maybe I did him a favor.
Day of Defeat: Camp in front of me enjoy smoke
Motorcycle Timber Time!
Salesman didnt want to waste his time. Oh well
Salesman doesn't want to waste his time. Oh no...
I want *all* the muffins.
Slap me in public? Have fun selling your pills in prison.
Crazy lady threw my stuff im the pool... She didnt know we have cameras
Stink up the bathroom with weed? Move out!
Discord Talk Behind My Back Huh?
i got bullied and my principal didn't do anything about it so I got her fired
Steal my friend’s orange? Enjoy a night of puking.
I accidentally got the best petty revenge
Whats on Tinder is not what you always get.
Not willing to listen to me? I didn’t see the paper you dropped that seemed important.
Sister tried to kick me, fell on her butt instead
Don’t touch my music
Not gonna call? Guess we won’t eat!
I craigslisted my bad neighbors yard ornaments
Sexist boss - I quit!
Sure XGF But I Think With a Twist and Accidental
Of Course An Ex Girlfriend One, But...
My mom ignores me, so I’m salty
I want revenge
Stupid country girl tried to get with my boyfriend.
Someone stole my no trespassing sign and security camera sign (also my heavy duty tarp). It would have been easier for everyone to not do so.
Birthday revenge
Oh no! Was your bike stolen?
my sister used to collect puzzles and when she annoyed me I would just go into her room and take a piece out of her unfinished puzzles
An entitled mom sat too close to me, so she got blasted with sand and got kicked off the beach
Wife made me throw away fishing bait, I refuse to go fishing with her.
Treat me like a little kid and ignore proof I'm right? Have fun drinking cat food.
I craigslisted my bad neighbors yard ornaments
Not quite a revenge on karen???
High school...
Cannot Remove My Email Address? Okay Then!
Didn't get the memo
Revenge is a carb based dish...
How a person on a friends Minecraft Realm got what he deserved.
Was asked to put on a REAL shirt at liquor store by a security guard.
But I thought you liked the sound of barking dogs...
Amazon didn’t tell me I rented a book
The Tale of the Time I Scared a Skinhead Shitless.
Car alarm for the win
How I made the popular girls scream
The Stink Bug Revenge
The Stink Bug Revenge
Released a stink bug in my school bully’s hair
Released a stink bug in my school bully’s hair
Released a stink bug in my school bully’s hair
Released a stink bug in my school bully’s hair
Released a stink bug in my school bully’s hair
How I successfully ruined my brothers week using his own rules.
My partner Ron Swansoned my sister's new boyfriend
Take my iPad and Phone away? Listen to Thomas the tank engine ear rape from my computer.
recommendations for signing creepy boss up for spam emails
Staff Sergreant couldn’t keep up.
I deafened my BIL whenever we were driving anywhere
Want my revision notes? Sure, here's an entirely new set. Entirely, completely new.
I ruined a entitled girls time rollerblading
alarms are a bitch
Girl chucks mud at me, I bring out water gun.
Enjoy the crop dusting..
Sexist dudes fail Physics after calling me a secretary
The Karma Sandwich Of DOOM
Go off on me for doing my job? You'll never see your credit card again
I would like revenge against trump for killing my father and thousands of others with his pandemic response. Please sign and share this petition. Thank you.
Magic player wanted a challenge, got one, and lost.
Entitled Sister Won't stop using MY account
Need intense revenge on an asshole that sent me to jail
Neighbor Parking Random Cars Daily In Grass?
My first ever Reddit post let me know how I do...
Mom makes me do swim team, I figure out how to get out of it
The machines don’t like people who don’t wear masks
Not really revenge but it makes me feel good
Won't listen to Hooman? I'll make you listen.
Playing loud music and refuse to turn it down? Little do you know I used to be a semi professional DJ
Conservative Christian family doesn’t know I used to be a semi professional DJHow I helped the FBI bust a counterfeiter!
You think you’re better than me at Super smash bro’s and be a little jerk about it? Yeah not gonna happen.
I quit, and destroyed all my self-written manuals.
The day my dad went blind
Xenophobic scammer travel agent got bad reputation from foreigners.
Want to copy answers from me? No can do!
High rise contractor considers noise bylaw fine "cost of doing business"
A kid told me I was too fat and too old to understand handball, so I stopped holding back.
Want to go freaking insane because i took some paper get a headfull of Grass burrs
You try to bully me, i'll bully you too!
I exposed my English teacher for writing a self-insert teacher/student adult novel because he shut down my Great Gatsby conspiracy theory.
Psychopath hoodlum could have justice if he f*cks up again thanks to his dumb friend for filming him assaulting me.
A GIRL PLAYED ME FOR NETFLIX
The time I stuffed a nerd into a locker
Sleep well last night?
what’s the best way to get back at ur girlfriends sister?
How I Low-Key Had a Fat Komashida as a Boss...
Advice on revenge
Neighbor Parks His Car And Blocks My Exit. *Don't Mess with A Woman Scorned*
Saw a post about spicy food /lunch thief, inspiration
Mean neighbor yelled at my sweet mother
Why is it impossible to post on this subreddit?
My petty but incredibly sweet revenge against the guy that ruined season 3 (The Red Wedding) of Game of Thrones for me
Revenge at my 4
Minor revenge but sooooo satisfying
Keep taking my clothes? I’ll put dirt in front of your bedroom door
Technically Correct
Try to cheat me out of my pay? Welcome to prison.
Someone asked for nudes, I sent him very womanly boobs belonging to an old, fat man (pics included in post). He masturbated to them and finished. [NSFW]
My cheating BF's last "super casual" side chick was a friend of mine so I messaged her directly for a note about cheating BF's health...
Boss looks up porn on my school laptop at work? Ok, let me just give his number out
How to deal with tailgating
Taking it to the face
I will throw something bigger back if you do it again
Dads mouth gets destroyed
10 years after my father was turned down for a job, he stopped an interview used the man's words against him to not give him a government project.
Shitty server demands a better tip
My dad steals 100 spoons from a Wendy’s.
How I outsmarted a passive aggressive radio station changing colleague
Screw my SO over for a shift? They may not be petty but I sure am
Boss screwed me over my paycheck so I screwed him.
AP English Teacher Wanted an “Honest” Review of Her Class
make me awake at 4 am ? enjoy random calls
Won't "fix" @'ing people on Slack? Enjoy not being able to @ me
Won't "fix" @'ing people on Slack? Enjoy not being able to @ me
Ideas please
Roommate wants to fight? Have fun with no dishes or TV
Park in our space? Then enjoy our bins
Helping yourself to my food? I will go out of my way to be petty about what I get in.
waste of time? ill show you real waste of time
you insult me? fine. screw you and your entire wardrobe
YouTube Lawyer to Sue US Government
Reminiscing what my Grade 6 class put our student-teacher through, as I'm pursuing a career in Education.
Kid tried to blow up my minecraft world so i used console commands to make him pay.
Well we might as well have sex then....
How do I piss off my roommates?
Revenge of a very angry student
Force me to work past my 2 weeks notice? Fine, I just take my extra week off using sick time.
Hope you like hot mustard
Have my friends and I move? Enjoy a ticket
Harrass me and my friends? I’ll put cockroaches in your room
Friend doesnt join call
Old lady let her dogs poop under camper slideout. Owner with the sldieout got some good petty revenge
If someone could PLEASE....
How I destroyed a 4,000 member Discord server.
Ex had me write all his essays. Wrote one that almost made him fail the class.
Won't "fix" @'ing people on Slack? Enjoy not being able to @ me
Won't "fix" @'ing people on Slack? Enjoy not being able to @ me
You Eat my Food Without my permission, Then I eat your Lunch
Bumper Huggers
Mess with this phone #
Was told you guys might like this creepy encounter with a side of revenge!
Girl dumps me so I expose her.
Sorry random drunk people, the bathroom is closed
Then wear your soggy, wet clothes tomorrow
She deserved worse in my opinion.
Annoying the annoying brother.
Call bylaw? Knock-knock, it's the police!
Revenge on a mentally abusive ex gf
I made a student fail English
Lockdown with annoying neighbours? I can be just as annoying
Neighbour gets his just desserts...
Miss Me When I'm Gone
Getting back at a company who has treated me horrible and owes me months of pay during covid.
Coworkers refuse to listen.
Teacher i found the pencil thief so you can have your pencils back
Someone in Kingspan was not happy...
Roof bike
Shirts and shirt and still no service
Shoes and shirt and still no service
Bully gets fattened up for karma
Tap Danced my Awful Suitemate to Insanity
Teacher changes test
Took my supervisors job
Friend tried to make me feel Lame. Slammed by life
And she’s still searching 😂
Guy hacks my email address, I sent him poop
Throw stuff at my door? Get hit in the head with it
Suggestions for petty revenge?
I put wet clothes into my sisters bed.I put wet clothes in my sisters bed.
My fiancee got back at me.
Buy your own toilet paper!
Sticky Sweet Revenge
Teacher gets karma
carzy lady at STOP and SHOP
Sweet Sticky Revenge
Sticky Sweet Revenge
getting back at my lazy older brother
A video is so much better
Karen tries to jump the queue, gets to wait as last client instead.
Birthday party shenanigans
Teacher says he'll NEVER get into college without taking notes
hehshsv
Friend calls me at 4am so I gave his number to random people
Construction trailer leaks rocks and damages my truck. Owner doesn't know I have video
My ex's landlord/roommate treated them badly.
Petty Revenge on Friend's Ex Paid Off Better Than I Expected
Not so worthless after all...
Fuck My Manager
I hate people riding in the far left passing lane going slower than everyone else
My mum's revenge
I was rape 1 year ago and I got Knocked up, I regret keeping it
Sabotage my move, get banned for life
I cut off my best friend of 17-years and only keep her on social media out of pettiness, and revenge.
She got the revenge here...
Spread rumours about me? I’ll ruin your rep with the truth
Call me lazy? Alright, I'll be lazy.
Best friend breakup
Am I reading too much into things? Petty Ex Friend, Roommate Issues
It's good to have friends
Why you shouldn't be rude to fast food workers.
This is why I like thunderstorms now
Petty revenge on soon to be ex-husband
Family won’t stop calling me a “socialist snowflake,” so I convince them I came into a large sum of money. Oh, how the turntables.
When I spit into tic tacks
Don't keep up your promise? Fine, I'll remind you
Family won’t stop calling me a “socialist snowflake,” so I convince them I’ve come into a large sum of money. Oh how the turntables.
Using the close friends list for Bad
You won’t give my son a haircut because we’re 5 minutes late? I’ll throw off you schedule for the day.
Pay to win a race- yeah that’s not going to work
my brother yeeted someone 1ft taller than him into a tree
do and say some nasty shit on social media and make fun of sexual assault victims? that’s okay, i’ll ruin your high school experience and your possible future.
The King of Campus
A fly helped me get revenge on an abusive stepdad
When Life Gives You Lemons
When Life Gives You Lemons...
I blast music down the mic because some guys refused to turn his off.
Bully me for a year? Ok I'll be back
Entitled mom gets nuts, over Optimus Prime
Was told you guys might like this creepy encounter with a side of revenge!
I want revenge on my ex who shared my nudes
Dr Oz catfish gets spammed
I joked about getting revenge on my cousin
Roommate tells me to find a new place, landlord kicked them out instead
People who were ridiculously (and purposely) slow in line end up having to wait behind ME.
Cool, take the elevator
Staying in 1st Class?? No Problem....
you like cutting people off on the road? enjoy having to buy a new car.
Karen learned the hard way to not be rude to her mechanic
Want to ignore your dad for 15 years? Ok... I'll call you out silently.
Go the wrong way down the aisle? Fine dont find your garlic then.
Don't appreciate my efforts? I'll turn your sassy aunts on you.
Get of our waves!
Retail Revenge
A simple revenge, but satisfying.
Be rude = cost more
[META] Have too many revenge based subreddits? Well I'll just merge them and get the best of all worlds
My stepmother was abusive so I subscribed her to gay porn.
My homophobic stepmother abused me so I used her work email to sign her up for a bunch of GAY PORN
My stepmother was abusive to me so I signed her up for a bunch of gay porn.
brother pisses me off. i unplug his games
My dad named his Robot cleaners after his ex-wives
Searching for the right answer
Mom hates slow drivers? Well get ready to be in the passenger seat of one!
Don't distance, get gassed
How my patience paid off to take revenge on my ex-girlfriend.
Put a car in my restaurant and I destroyed his place
Make my laundry gross? Enjoy smelly clothes!
Force me to share my phone? Now you can't anymore!
Now she can’t use my bike
Neighbor couldn’t take the heat after mutilating my sister’s pet fish
Being tall has its perks sometimes
Take my space, I’ll ruin your Mercedes
"Friend" wanted All my secets
My coffee revenge
Schooltime Revenge
My mother has always been so petty.
Lazy to look for materials? Drive far away to find it
Want to be rude and condescending? You only get 6 sauce packets now.
Talk shit about me on the phone? Let me make your flight very uncomfortable
Racist roofer loses business (hopefully)
new roommate says her dog is house trained, but he's not. enjoy the pet stains and your pee bed.
forced to move seats? Say goodbye to your friend
I manipulated someone into overdosing
Keep using my LABELED sugar jar without asking me? Okay, time to get petty!
No chores, no wi-fi
A girl turned my best friend against me for being forced to move seats
Not happy with my cleaning? No crockery for you!
I lit a firework at 11:15pm to annoy my annoying neighborsEntitled mother steals from 7 year old who gets revenge
Getting back house that was ours?
I stole her bf
You won't listen to me fine, I'll " run away"
I caused my boss to lose her business and house.
You wont listen to me fine, "I'll run away"
Your phone isn't charging?
He doesn't want to pay me, so let's leak secrets
“You can copy my test, it might not be right though”
Karen tells her kid to bully other kids then cry’s when they fight back
Taught a bully a lesson, once at a summer camp, for picking on another kid
Taught a bully a lesson, once at a summer camp, for picking on another kid
secret santa revenge
Taught a bully a lesson, once at a summer camp, for picking on another kid
Taught a bully a lesson, once at a summer camp, for picking on another kid
The Genies Wish
I killed a Toxic Discord Server
My ex wife planned a trip out of town with the kids to coincide with Father’s Day today.
I killed a Toxic Discord Server
"I made my brother noodles"
Don’t be inconsiderate at gas pumps!
I get on Blathers nerves in AC
Petty? Revenge on selfish husband
Cut my phone line? Enjoy your newly acquired debt.
Hi mod I not posting but want to ask how to take revenge on sth. Where should I try?
No you can’t have them back
Random mean guy
Randomly Mean Sexy Guy
TAX Man tries to steal my money AGAIN!
Turn my friends against me? I hope you like summer school.
Two can play at that game
Don't worry, I'll pay
Have fun, jerk.
Make my GPA drop 0.2? Enjoy being muted and kicked from Microsoft Teams classes and losing your GPA!
How i got revenge on the guy who assulted my mom.
Steal my Ice Boomerang? Fine, I'll summon the Torch God and instantly kill you!
Make my GPA drop 0.2? Enjoy being muted and kicked from Microsoft Teams classes and losing your GPA!
Bullies never win
Gave guy hickie mid-makeout after realizing he was cheating with me
Germaphobe Was A Jerk
Don't Try to Fire Me.
Cheat on me? Enjoy the rotting smell in your house
Don’t bully my friends.
Don’t give me my concert tickets? I’ll make sure yours don’t work!
My dad never got my mom anything for Mother's Day, So I give him something he will hate
Upstairs Nightmare
Petty Revenge on 3 EKs for throwing rocks at me
Guy asked me to be his girlfriend, made plans to meet up the next day, and then blocked all forms of communications, so I got even.
I bought my ex best friend a deck of cards
Cockroach revenge
Gave my ex boyfriend’s butt plugs to his mom.
Bully me? Prepare for a terrible life.
2nd grader’s petty revenge
Sent my narc ex a copy of “the picture of Dorian Gray”
I'm not paying for your stuff anymore
Son gets v-bucks stolen.
Don't want to fix your mistake. No worries, I'll take care of it.
I drank the rest of his beer because he decided to treat me like crap last night.
NO LUNCH FOR YOU TODAY ANNOYING NEIGHBOR!
When someone doesn't do anything cut the branch and let them flail
Thought of dealing with tailgater riding motorcycle at speed
Friends brat bro wipes his tablet.Friend fires back.
The pettiest.
i shaved my eyebrows after my mom said my makeup was “too much”
Coworkers getting dirty together, try to get me fired end up loosing their jobs
My mother keeps the cold callers on line
„I needed to use the excavator to move your car“
Be unpleasant to the chef? Dinner is ALL food you won’t eat
Good luck, moving truck
Girls in middle school thought that I did not know Spanish just because of my appearance
Dont turn off my xbox
We Just Want to "Play by the Rules"
Delete my save file? I delete your World!
Delete my file? I delete your world!
Dad screams at me for reading books, so my mom gives him a sunburn
Snip Snip
cacadoodledo
Obama, fetch!
You think you can get away with causing the end of a server and giving me stress? Lets see how you feel after getting rigged.
EM yells at me because her dog needs to be muzzled
My step-dad kept having a go at me for using the wifi, so I proved he uses more than me.
Show me your pp? Have fun being blackmailed for the rest of you elementary,middle and high school.
Bully me...then I will wear your slippers!
Constantly beg everyone for power-ups in Tower of Hell? Get flexed on by a 3000 robux avatar then!
You tell lies about me to my boss? I have the health department shut your filthy ass store down
A Catfish Story
A weak (but satisfying) revenge
Good luck finding out what's wrong
Being tall has its perks sometimes
Won't Stop Singing? We'll See about That
Make fun of me? Have fun vomiting!
Santa doesn’t give presents to the naughty ones
Making domestic abuse "jokes" online? I wonder if your gf will find it funny
Hurt me emotionally? I'll hurt you emotionally.
annoying officer gets bad water
Park like a dickhead get blocked in
the day I ruined my dad's contract
I refuse to Accommodate my Sister
My team tried to get my account suspended, got theirs suspended instead
insult my parents Wait what’s that your phoneSpam this number to assist in my petty revenge
Please give ex taste of his own medicine
Cheat in a 1v1? Fine. Have fun getting spawncamped.
Infant magnetar 240years old neutron star observed after brust
Baked the best bread of my life to spite my racist bitch neighbor.
Fire me for refusing to cheat customers? Let the govt close down your bar
Want to ride my bumper? Enjoy the ticket!
Ditch the team? The whole year is going to know.
Try to ruin my relationships, ok say good bye to your bf.
Don’t hit and run from a 17 year old girl
Hotel Revenge
A tale of mailboxes, baseball bats, and a broken wrist.
Don’t want to sell me chips? Ok, have fun making more anyways!
Ditch me? That’s fine, I’ve got other friends... better friends.
I was not the revenge getter...
don't steal my online name
I left some open cans of wet tuna cat food under the seats of my bf’s Chevy Silverado
I need to destroy my amazing garden because I got kicked out.
Loyalty does not mean $6 000
I think u/themalleableduck just got a petty revenge for all of us.
Yell at me to finish the laundry? I hope you like spit in your pockets
thought you got rid of me? think again
They sicced me on her
I love juuling
Any success story- revenge on people who looked down on you
Anyone revenged anyone who looked down on you and how?
My mom didn’t buy me Chinese food so I had her accept court papers.
Grandmother Ignores Me at Great-Grandmother’s Funeral, They Tries to Buy Back My Love
Neighborly feud leads to yard dick statue.
Force me to eat something you know I cannot digest? Get ready for a nasty surprise!
You want Cherries? Sure, Karen
My friend's ex gf tried to prevent our performance so we dressed in drag and switched characters
Nightmare neighbour finally gotten removed from building.
Stop raiding my desk stash!
Maybe don't park in front of someone's garage!
I didn’t help the guy at goodwill that was being a jerk to me.
A slanderous mishap
Keep taking things out of my cubicle? Now you're going to get sick too.
Don't make me spend extra time cleaning up after you
Clean my imaginary ducts
My wife's pet peeve: Don't drive across parking spaces!
Drive like a jerk and hate slow drivers? Okay I know how I'll drive.
Slow down!
Animal crossing scammer gets some petty revenge
Be a jerk? Well, hope you don't like sleep.
Kid breaks my drum set so break his iPad
Sister pissed me off a lot
Revenge of the dishwasher (repost)
Email these people and tell them to step down
Why do we give men like this recognition?
I traumatised my roommates into cleaning up their crap
Karen calls me a shithead? Ill ruin her meal.
Copy my friend's art frequently and backstab me and lie on multiple discord servers? Okay, we show the community your threatening messages and receipts, plus you lose all reputation you had.
Guess who is on Santa’s naughty list?
Hellooooo, I'm callieng from Microsoft Windoos
I really like candies
More shopping one way aisle shenanigans
My petty revenge against my ex roommates boyfriend.
Getting a vaccine at age 15
My ex's petty revenge on me
Telling the entire middle school who the queen of seventh grade crush was.
My dad winds up a scammer and gives us a good laugh
Touch my clothes, your laundry won’t be fully dry
This petty revenge story goes out to all the people who don't clean up their piss off the toilet seat.
Inconvenience Store Clerk
One Way Only
The Great Battle of Kyle and Papa Bear
I tricked my cousin into eternally cleaning the backyard
Buy new plates... or move out now
I'm sorry, who are you?
Next time, consider sharing?
My Mom gets petty. Band Teacher vs My Hair
Hero Manager Takes Revenge On Terrible Repeat Customers Who, To This Day, Never Knew It
How I handled a neighbor from hell
How I handled a neighbor from hell
That’s Sir to you!
How I handled a neighbor from hell
PO3 Chad caused me pain I gave him "Fudge"
Salty attitude? Okay then, salty milk it is
I shared a cab with my bully
I had to wait 20 years, but I got my revenge.
ID please...
I had to wait nearly 20 years, but I got my revenge.
Santa doesn’t give gifts to bad kids
A wasted trip for a parking spot douche and queue-jumping idiot.
My dad stands up to his horrible boss
Try to take my parking spot? You'll regret that!
I'm sorry, who are you?
So you don't like the way I parked...
I keep minimum bidding.
Music Madness
Party in a flat back garden until 11pm? Get fished.
Neighbors at 2am arguing
Be careful with mushrooms
A joke due to political differences
A creepy 17 year old tried to bully me to impress my 12 year old friend. I turned the tables and ruined his reputation in the process.
A creepy 17 year old tried to bully me to impress my 12 year old friend. I turned the tables and ruined his reputation in the process.
A creepy guy tried to bully me to impress my underage friend, so I turned the tables on him and ruined his reputation.
Taxi driver tries to exploit disabled man and regrets it.
Petty response to ignoranceCat pee
I let a delivery guy open a door for ten minutes because he yelled at me
I was petty today and I thought of you.
Congrats, you’ve been added to my mailing list!
Made my brother uncomfortable
Professor catches a smarmy student slippin’
My sister ordered me to make her lunch, so I got some petty revenge
Taking down plastic people one manager at a time!
I Dined And Dashed To Leave My Entitled Mother To Pay The Bill
Gonna rev your engine at 1am? Well I’ll take your parking spot.
A shipmate started playing 2k all night long next time my rack in the berthing
Won't turn your music down? Fine..
High school petty revenge
Don't wanna turn down your Music? Fine.
Jaded neighbour keeps parking his Ute and trailer across our side gate.
Simply Ironic
Ignorant people made fun of my accent/language
My roommate stopped paying me utilities so...
Petty, Painful Phone Call Vengeance
I made my roommates boyfriend purposely uncomfortable... with tampons?
Need advice on getting back at someone who stole money from me.
Got Back at a guy on discord
You screwed yourself
Ah, I get the picture management!
Payback for my Horrible Roommate
How an old lady tried to ruin our summer
How do I get revenge on a moderator that had my account banned from the site?
"You will not use that swing!" "Will I?"
Don't ask me to teach you next time
You have wet socks?
She Thought She Was Gonna "Die"
Backfire 100
Insult me in front of customers? Hope u like being unemployed.
Married guy sent me death threats so I am exposing his secret gay porn stash
Cat shit
The story of the stork and the fox
My ex cheated on me, then blocked me and left me for him. I sent her this...
Don't mess with Jim the forklift-driver
Siblings try to take the Xbox, so I take the batteries.
Tw: R*pe. I wrote letters to an ex housemate who raped me, so if he ever reads them they will REALLY annoy him.
I'm messing with my cheating ex-boyfriend's psycho ex-girlfriend for ruining my relationship
I messed with my ex-husband's butter!
Dump my Cousin? I'll make your life I kitty-cat nightmare
I prefer to let them learn..
I don’t think I’d ever heal if I don’t exert revenge on women who watched me get abused.
We don't share alcohol in this house!
Windshield Wiper Fluid Revenge
Angry Bacon Making
This squirrel wakes me up nearly every morning by running around on my porch and raiding the bird feeder.
Lady messes up my hair, gets revenge on stepmother years later
Neighbour captures/kills my cats
Thief gets what he pays for
Revenge on sixflags
My parents I cut off were using other people to stalk my Instagram. I made sure they wouldn’t ever again
Talk vile trash about me, find out your husband is cheating.
Grandma's Christmas Tree
Scratch someones car and go away, get reported
Screwing around with an Indian scam call ends up perfect from a 14 year olds perspective.
My coworker caught a man not repeatedly paying the entry fee
I Ruin the Communal Jacuzzi After Roommates Get Mad at Me for Enforcing Their Rules about Sex in It
Don’t annoy the kitchen staff
Bad CEO is getting what's coming to him
Tell me i'm not my ex's top priority? I remind you that's why i dumped you :)
My brother took my bike so I messed with his room.
Stupid Bread Karen
Stupid Brad Karen
I treated my parents bathroom the same way they treated mine.
The time my mom knocked out a peeping tom with a frisbee
Horrible relative buys a house in terrible neighbourhood - very fitting match, frankly
Trolling the internet trolls
Don’t sell me chips? Ok, have fun making more!
Small town court revenge
When someone won't even discuss their bad behaviour, sometimes you have to force them to
Working with what you got on an Ark PvE server
Go kart revenge
Roof bike
So this happened -
No longer my friend? No longer attendees at your wedding.
Witty Remark Needed
You don't think I should be scared?
A lesson in sharing the glory
An interesting petty post
Lawn Care Refund Policy
Bipolar but Still Capable of Ruining Your Day
Teacher was racist for months so I got her fired.
Boss lends me money as long as I sign a contract I’m underage so the contract isn’t bound legally
Added my name on her boyfriend's bucket list
You spread rumors about me, I'll add my name on your boyfriend's bucket list
I added my name on her boyfriend's bucket list
My sister's a 'Karen' and my friend shut her DOWN
No one uses my spotify account except me!
"Girls don't like beer"
Embarrassing my mean apartment manager.
I blocked the access of the parking to prove my brother a point
That's not my middle initial!
Should I be petty?
Ok then, no gifts for anyone.
How
Don't mess with a videogamer
Slumlord screws me over - I guess IATAWaste My Time, I'll Take Your Paper Supplies
Petty Endings
Want to pass me on the road going 20 over? Alright then
Don’t be rude to those who can help you
Old man gets served…
Bully felt me up in class so I got him suspended.
Question a Mod- Get Muted
Take a carpool spot when you're alone? Not so fast.
Keep your friends close and your rude customers closer
Using a carpool spot all alone? We'll see about that.
Carpool spot justice from the shadows
Rude girl on bus got in trouble by teacher
Won't pronounce my name correctly? Ok. Suit yourself.
Drunk gassy bitch revenge
You just gave me all your personal information. Why did you think it was a good idea to screw with me?
Revenge is best served bright and early
Step Dad Turns Off My Light? Tables Can Also Turn Be Turned
destroy my crushes therapy sketchbook and leak it on the internet? I hope you like getting jumped?...
beat up my best friends/crushes, sister for destroying/leaking his therapy sketchbook all over social media.
You turn off my light? Turn tables bitch
I skyrocketed to peak pettiness today
Rascist bar
This isn't that great but I guess it counts
Got cheated with, took revenge 7 months later on Spring Break
So you don't like dandelions, eh?!
The old switcheroo gets YOU towed
A Novel of Manners Petty Revenge
Steal my beach spot? Enjoy trying to leave.
A Novel of Manners Petty Revenge
Made people think I'm crazy? I'll show you crazy.
Surprising Reference
I just wanna know 😂
Use my Netflix account for free? Have an ugly profile pic!
My sis was blackmailing me to do her biding and got what she deserved
Want to bully be into copying my answers? think again.
When your towns name is Skidmore Missouri and you fuck yourself in the ass.
Keep me up at night by having loud sex? Enjoy thinking your BF is cheating on you
Roof bike
Don't Send Offensive Things in a GIANT College Group Email Chain
Don't want to contribute to a final report in forensics class? Okie dokie.
Insult my looks, weight and fitness and I will get my slow revenge
I killed a toxic discord community
Think you can almost hit my growing belly just because your mad at me and get off scot free? I THINK THE HELL NOT
Fool me once, twice, then suck disk for four years.
I don’t give discounts to rude customers
The rude customer ends up paying the entire price.
Hope I didn't ruin your breakfast plan.
Sumo Wrestled Ex’s boyfriend
You want to invade my space with your car while I wait for a tow truck? Hope you didn't have to rush off.
Future roommates trying to kick me out of my own house, help plan my next move
Fire me then try not to pay unemployment? Nope.
Funny but petty
Be a racist jerk? Fuck your plants.
Guy puts his bike in my parking bay.
6 years and made myself look a total weirdo for a meh result... Still worth it.
Threaten me over lizards you'll never get them
40 year old finance-douche decides to show me, his young waitress, a dirty picture. Yeah, no.
I get just a little petty revenge one my roommates when I moved out
You waste our time, I waste your money.
/disturbing images warning/
the time Family Guy helped me win an argument
Be gone Karen!
Any annoying/weird newsletters to sign someone you hate up to?
Mean old woman gets the train horn
Won't let me watch my movie in peace? I'll make sure you can never sit in front of the TV again
Stop messing with my A/C.
Hope you’re ok with being known as a racist.
Got fired by a not-so-great boss, so I outed their shady behavior
Roof bike
I hope you enjoy the extra 10 seconds on your commute home!
Keep me waiting for plans you made? Ninja vanish!
A dixk head at high school though he waz destroying school work, but he was wrong
Downstairs teen plays loud music and screams at all hours of the day every day.
Threatens to take me to court so i hit them with a switcheroo
A friend got sick of constant fake tech support calls, so he pissed them off in the best way possible
Someone accessed my google account, so i decided to do something about it
The bag and the airplane seat.
I'm not good at being petty, but I've got a great opportunity to do something very petty here. One of you Petty Kings help plan my next move
Ghost me, and come back apologizing like nothing happened? Sorry not sorry.
My ex got me pregnant, made me get an abortion, flirted with a pregnant girl in my face, so I got him kicked out of highschool
Took One (not) for the Team
Gotta Take a Hit to Give out 5
Hello and thank you
Unnecessary rudeness to essential worker
A redditor has been using multiple accounts for several years to harass users, brigade subreddits, and upvote their own comments...this post serves as my petty revenge
I started hiding their things.
Be careful what you ask for...
Oh this was yours?
My ex husband kept calling the cops after I left, so I changed the Netflix passwords
Roof Bicycle
Roof bicycle
Cost me $1,000 and treat me like a diseased leper? I’ll multiply your already-irrationally insane anxiety about Covid.
Roof bicycle
DM an underaged girl asking to be her sugar baby. I’ll pretend to call the police on you
Use Google Maps to falsely lure people to your church? Jesus would not approve
Be racist to people who don’t understand you? I’ll make them understand you
Secret revenge on some transphobes
WhatsApp group chat revenge
Petty revenge on Blue Bubble Taxi in New Zealand
I got an annoying kid banned from a discord for a yearDon't stop when I ask you to? Enjoy the ride.
Revenge on husband through the tiny doggo.
Don't park in front of someone's garage! lol
Don't park in front of someone's garage!
my dumb neighbor tries to trick me
Duct cleaning telemarketers are the worst
Girl tries selling me an MLM Make-up product, and was really rude when I declined
Little bro wake up call
Making a stand against a stuck-up High School teacher, who tried really hard to suppress any and all ideas that may question her authority on the matter; simply because she was no authority, having having next to zero knowledge in her field.
Making a stand against a stuck-up High School teacher, who tried really hard to suppress any and all ideas that may question her authority on the matter; simply because she was no authority, having having next to zero knowledge in her field.
Stupidity and consequences
Karen!!!!!!!!!!
Don’t embarrass me
Man lady stole my lunch so I got her bosses boss mad at her
Upper class VS Lower Class
5th Grader VS Kinder
Ran into another middle school bully at the bar and flatten his already deflated ego...
Roku, not you.
5th grader VS Kinder
Friend used better guns then me on a game and laughed when I lost against him later he loses in a much more embarrassing way.
Ran into the School Bully at a bar and showed him who wasn't an ugly fat girl anymore...
Repeated Telemarketer Caller gets Angry
My gf cheated on me with a good buddy of mine
Body-shame me and act like an incel? Good luck passing Geometry!
My math is off? Ah of course it is you're right!
The sweetest revenge on my boyfriends jealous ex
Elevated Encounters with Gino Danino
I made a group of children never ding dong ditch ever again.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
She cheating on me but karma pays in pettiness
Enjoy tasting hell
I get revenge on my ex who dumped me.
Trunk Rider
Neighbors refuse to throw out notifications!
Don’t be shy, have some change.
Hello, you masters of petty revenge
Silence me for four years? Enjoy your ruined reputation!
Abandoned cars? No problem
My bully payback all she did and i didn't have to lift a finger
Minecraft
4 Short Anecdotes Of Petty Revenge (I did not do these, they were in my family and stepfamily)
I accidentally made my teacher regret his choices as a teacher.
My super petty revenge
i gave my sister a bottle covered in giraffe slobber
I got my religion teacher fired after she called me fat.
They Hit My Car, Blamed Me, Ended Up Paying More
We've all been here
My coworker used me to terrify an entitled prat of a customer.
Exclude me from the family trip? Enjoy the photos.
'Tasteless' revenge story about the time my family forbade me from snacking
Petty revenge on mean girl
Petty revenge on the mean girl
made a guy regret ever talking to me
My own personal revenge on the mean girl
I was the deserving recipient of a great petty revenge.
Cyber cafe owner charged me double because I downloaded a small file. Enjoy perpetual bootloops on your machines...
How my patience paid off in taking revenge in my ex-girlfriend.
How my patience paid off in taking revenge on my girlfriend.
Was able to get the most satisfying petty revenge years later on a former coworker who lied &amp; almost got me fired
Number 3 for the win!
Silence me for four years? I’ll ruin your entire reputation in ten minutes.
Jhdiddjdbbdnx
Accused of being a side chick by my best friend
One lane roads are the best
I contribute to getting my teacher fired after she calls me fat.
My Best Friend Since Childhood Went No Contact Because She Thought I Was Loser Holding Her Back From Getting a Boyfriend: Revenge Is A Dish Best Severed Cold
Lazy? Not Anymore.
Got Virus? No problem...No job for you!!
Neighbors shot my dog, he lived and is recovering at home. In response im destroying the resale value of the neighborhood. Enjoy you rich old fucks!
Wanna allow your kids to try to ruin my exam? Good luck trying to put up with my noise.
Laxitives in my stolen whisky
Cry to get me in trouble, how about having a swollen head
Boy meets Kerb
My neighbor made fun of my game so I turned the tables on her
Trying to spam my good for nothing father who vandalized my car
A friend of mine makes fake story because he got dumped have a Molotov cocktail
Don't misbehave unless you want Mr. G. to spank you
If you misbehave Mr. G will pull down your pants and spank you
Wow
Steal my Amazon package? Enjoy your complaint investigation
If you misbehave Mr. G's going to pull down your pants and spank you
I got revenge for my friend when a hypocrite asked for homework help.
The least I can do
I accidentally sent a kid to the hospital from what started as just sending him off balance after he took my hoverboard.
I sent a kid to the hospital after he took my hoverboard.
I sent a kid to the hospital by turning off the self-balancing mechanism on my hoverboard after he took it from me.
so this is an older story but i still wanna tell it
I disabled the self-balancing mechanism on my hoverboard after a kid took it from me, and he was sent to the hospital.
Don't like my low-key cosplay? Get ready for my HIGH-KEY PETTINESS
Don't appreciate my lowkey Cosplays? Have fun with my HIGH-KEY pettiness!
You want to sit in my seat? Fine.
Forced my flatmate to give up flat by removing all the furniture.
So you wanna break my skateboard?
My sister throws, breaks, and wrecks my room because i ate her banana!
I built a whole bunch of AIs, from sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Neighbour destroyed my skateboard so I destroyed his car
Constantly Egged - Help
Have fun with those links, bitch!
Revenge on noisy neighbours
Porridge-ishStay on the medics good side (gaming)
made my sister regret ever eating my food
Boyfriend cheated on my on our anniversary.
I invited my friends over for a BBQ to spite my entitled neighbour
My sisters petty revenge
Shitty doormat
This one is about a time in high school when no one wanted me on their team during team sports
The time I "forgot" my boyfriend
aaa
To my cheating ex boyfriend
I made a fellow student pay for always snooping and commenting on what I was doing on my computer
So my friend stole stuff from my coop and...
Evil Landlord Revenge
Revenge on Childhood best friend’s AHbrother
Lil thing I decided to write
Repost again ;n;
Repost because first was deleted.
Dump your leaves into my yard? Enjoy.
Floor Chicken Anyone?!?
Wanna be a jerk? Well, two can play that game
Guy gets stranded for being a jerk
Petty revenge on my 8 year old niece
My brother lied to my mam
Friend trys to kick me out of my server so i ruin his
My "friend" was being an idiot so i ruined his 200+ person server
Friend is a dick, i destroy his server
I invited my friends over for a BBQ to spite my entitled neighbour (police called)
I invited my friends over for a BBQ to spite my entitled neighbour (police called)
AITA for inviting friends over to spite my neighbour
The grocery snatcher
The deed is done!
Came home to a pile of gold
Simple little driving revenge
Egg my house? How about a suspension?
You should check the trashcan before throwing stuff out.
Scare me at night? I'll terrorize you at night. (Reupload)
Scare me at night? I'll terrorize you at night.
Throw my basketball on roof
A Slap
Publish0x - Earn Crypto for Publishing, Reading Content
My boss emotionally abused my girlfriend so I subscribed his email to over 500 FEMA national incident reports.
I dipped my exes contact lenses in toilet water after he told me I was a slut and that I’m not allowed to wear a bikini without him
It's a game, bro. Chill.
I donated my eggs to my boyfriend and now he won't pay me
Revenge whore, quite literally.
EVE online redemption
it was petty
Short and sweet
Belittle me and try to get me fired? Enjoy a middle-school riot on your bus.
Belittle me and try to get me fired? Enjoy a middle-school riot on your bus.
Dirty pizza? Enjoy your beverage :)
I built a whole bunch of AIs, from one based on Reddit threads to a sexy bot to one on banned books,.. even the Ricky Gervais show!
My Lock is Removed? Say goodbye to your door
My bf dumped me after being abusive for months
Revenge Whore, quite literally.
Woman harassed me online, doesn’t know that when she starts on Monday, I’m her boss.
Shit I did after a break up part 1
My flowers aren't yours to take just because we live on the same island and you don't own this island (an animal crossing story)
Sabotaging milk bags for my mum
3rd grade brat
An important question
Mom's petty revenge
DUDE IN MATH TEXTBOOK
You bully me for two years say goodbye to your knee caps
I Get Back at My Stepdad For Rude Comments About My Vegetarianism
*Petty Detective Vibes*
I’m sure this has been asked before, but I’m tired of scammers wasting my time
Even in cattle country you can't escape Karens
This 6 year old boy tried to undress me (11f) to tell my gender
The dude who peed on my lid every day in college
Air Force Basic
Fair is fair. Female BTW
Bee ready
Petty revenge on a seagull
Ex boyfriend
You're not a simp? Neither am I.
I built a whole bunch of AIs, from one based on Reddit threads to a sexy bot to one on banned books,.. even the Ricky Gervais show!
Seeking petty revenge
My sister stole credit for baking a cake, so I stole her boyfriend.
Would love some ideas
Leave me when I'm down?
(17M)
Karen's lack of research pisses her off and she blames me for it.
Toilet paper revenge backfired
Revenge on the throne
Toilet Paper Revenge Gone South
Lil bro spews straight parrot-shit
Try throw me under the bus with senior management? Your time to shine is now my friend.
I've been watering down or drinking my parents' alcohol so they can't have it
You, the CEO should really be asking my boss, not me!
Taught my Nosy Dad a Lesson
Karma for real estate agent
Caught a catfish, how should I expose him?
GOT REVENGE ON EX CRUSH
How to tell a catfish that I caught him?
Man vs Machine, Man wins
Man vs Machine, Machine loses
My petty revenge on a comedian...
Let me introduce you to the manure dumpster
Kinda wrong but kinda right (?)Annoying big name comedian annoys the wrong person
Petty revenge on Donald Trump
Trolley boys are just targets ... right?
Fighting back against the bullies!
Teacher calls girl in my class a tramp
Annoying Brother
I Think My Neighbor Keyed My Car
My high school teacher had an hour of his life wasted
don't clean your room? i take your stuff.
Well, since I don't start until 9am...
I exposed a classmate for watching addult content.
I have been betrayed
Revenge with one little word
How i got my room mate to stop peer presuring
Dear Daughter, please leave me alone
When life gives you lemons, you play the cats soundtrack...
I don’t know if I should be petty or not. I have always been the bigger person
Shshsh Mosquito breeding area.
Passed those mf's real quick...
Don't bully the "Teacher's Pet," they will bite back...
Walk A Mile in My Intestines
What a generous donation!
The time I made the annoying kid leave me alone
World's Largest Revenge
Turning The Tables on The Dumbest Scam of All Time
Sometimes a higher power can give a better revenge!
How to get revenge on a mean Facebook person?
Richard tried to screw someone with vocational rehab counseling
How I got my High school automotive teacher fired for being inappropriate towards female students
Ace up my sleeve
Won’t lend me the tv you’ve had all day with 2 hours notice? Ok, then you can leave now
The time I socked my school bus bully in the jaw
Don’t bring unrelated issues into a quarrel.
Having the principal in your pocket for 6 years
Droped the winner bomb on this guy
Random kid pushes me in line
Kinda wrong but also right
The bully gets terrified!
3 EKs try to mess with me, one gets her tooth knocked out.
The bully gets terrified!
Dog eats your cat toys? Deploy the stink bombs.
I still dream of getting some solid revenge on a bicycle thief i caught
God's Revenge! and it's not petty
The bully gets terrified
I tricked my entitled cousin into eternally cleaning the backyard
Help wanted - email newsletter spam
Leave your dresser drawers open? Enjoy getting up an hour and a half early!
G
Simple but effective.
Bullies Me And Others, Loses 3 Friends
Cheat on my favourite sport, good luck getting disqualified.
Making my "friend" feel just as crappy as i did
Can’t Handle an ADHD person? Then Get out of here
Refuse to honor a contract that YOU wrote up? You might just lose your most expensive possession.
Maybe petty victory?
Just a Stare
Just a State
Petty home revenge
Petty home revenge
Petty home revenge
Point out that I need to mow? Not gonna happen
Getting petty revenge on the person that framed me for stealing on Roblox skyblox
I like to turn off my sisters PS4 mid game because she did it to me
Don't like lawn signs? Enjoy window signs!
Be rude to my cats on minecraft, well say bye-bye to your Minecraft dog
My Toxic "Friend" was being a bitch so I showed her what she was really like
Karma is a Bit*#
She had it coming
Revenge on neighbours for letting stray dogs poop on my floor
So, I should trust an online stranger more than my bf?
Hi can you guys troll this email: Mainjinx112@gmail.com
Fireworks for Oil and Gasshole
Chewing gum snitch
The tale of the petty winter coat
Company was going to fire me after a great "development plan"
Popularity contest won using a rumor and a cup
My Neighbor smacked my dog hard enough his nose was bleeding.
Girlfriend's dad was a poor sport, so we taught him a lesson
Girlfriend's dad was a poor sport, so we taught him a lesson
Neighbors chased my boyfriend with a knife when he was a kid... what the hell?
Compensated for rude customer
Cellphone revenge needed
You wake me, I flush your face.
I don’t like Mean Girls
Rosted a girl in 9th grade
Yes I can understand you
Kid threw icecream at to look cool, then showed up again.
Kid steals my pencil box, I get her in trouble.
Need to get revenge on mother in law
This happened a few weeks ago and I find it pretty petty
My co-worker talked sh*t about me to my boss to get me fired, now he is fired
Yes I Can Understand You
Yes, I can understand you
The cat ate my homework?
A kid threatens me with a knife and I...
Repost from pro revenge, since it wasn't "pro" enough. My teache thougt it was a good Idea to mess with the sound guy (me)
Repost from pro revenge, since it wasn't "pro" enough. My teache thougt it was a good Idea to mess with the sound guy (me)
Got a girl fired 10 months after she harrassed me and cussed me out multiple times
Grumpy uncle gets what he deserves
I GOT MY "FRIEND" IN THE SAME TROUBLE 3 TIMES AND SHE SILL DID IT$200 apartment fine, I'll get mine
Decide to skip the local laws and do as you please; you get shut down.
HS classmate stole my precious earrings got back at her by making “Missing Girl” posters of her
My mom was being pissy towards me, so I embarrass her in a Zoom meeting
Step dad left my family then cussed out my mom in front of their 3yr old
Got terminated from work and got 2 coworkers arrested for drug use on the job.
Friend ignore me, so i make him think he's going to get some
My Ex-best Friend Treats me Like Crap, I Cat-fish Her.
People said I couldn’t do stuff fat. So I joined the army and jumped out of planes.
I need ideas
My landlord was kind of a bitch, so I pay her rent at the latest possible time.
MY "FRIEND" WAS BEING A JERK SO I DEMOLISH HER GRADE
The Q-Tip Saga
Try to infringe upon my marriage, enjoy feeling insignificant
Found out my best friend/house mate was sleeping with my ex husband
Women was not polite to my brother so I slung her with mub.
I boxed my cousin in so he couldn't leave on time
A Man of Many Hats
Have Fun Cleaning Up That Mess
I broke my ex-friends nose because she searched my phone without asking.
Annoying rude girl in online class!
Annoyed girl with white noise in online class!
Annoyed rude girl in online class with white noise!
Annoying rude girl in online class.
Roommate
Things that go bump in the night
A brat gets a taste of his own medicine
Toxic person calls me derogatory terms, so I stop speaking to them
Father mocks me about my weight, gets what he deserves in family dinner.
You get what you give.
Women can bedangerously beautiful
Somebody Sideswipes my Daughter's Car; I go full CSI
Try to extort money from me? Enjoy losing contents of your stomach
Try to extort money from me? Enjoy furry porn.
Leave us for your mistress? Then i'm giving away a well guarded recipe.
Say I don't work fast enough? Let's prove a point!
You wanna be a dick after almost causing a car accident you better run
No, I'll SHOW you my little red book!
Messing with my annoying brother
Install ALL
Threaten me, have a loogie.
Gimme Ideas for Revenge
Enjoy this rancid beef my love
Fire me? All your secrets are now on Glassdoor.
guy cyberbullies me for a year with his friends? I find where you live
Old "FRIEND" decides to cyberbully me and thinks he can get away with it.
This isn't a story but my ex girlfriend had cheated on me 6 times 2 of which were with some of my "best friends" and when i would go to dump her she'd manipulate me into staying with her by threatening to take her life. Any ideas on how I can get revenge on her or can somebody help me?
Boss me around and I'll sleep with your boss.
He was racist to me so i "hacked" him and found out his location
Please do it
You want to steal my mail? I'll give you some mail to steal.
Saying my badminton club is full of cheaters? You lose!
Stop messing with my computer
Saying my badminton club sucks and is full of cheaters? You lose
My friend on destiny 2 got the DLC shadow keep or some other dlc before me
Bad neighbour plays loud music so I blast Minecraft, animal crossing etc back
Embarrassed my abusive mom in front of everyone
I get creative revenge on my bully
My roommate keeps pooping on the toilet seat
The BBC game show "Only Connect" was accused of being pretentious. They responded in a petty and very British way.
I sprinkled bird seed on my roommates "girlfriends" car.
Best revenge I've ever done
Who’s got you precious car now?
Bully me? Have fun with a dick on your back.
State-Sanctioned Pettiness
“Go Ahead and Dump it”
I hope you broke your foot.
Need Help With Revenge
Ruining his favourite song
I let my brother wash his hair with Summer’s Eve
Kid yeets a ice ball in my Face! Gets the sweet sweet taste of revenge
Ex bestie blamed me for ruining her birthday, she has a lot more to cry about now.
Borrowed a parking space, ended with a trooper
Admin abuse
Frame me for plagiarism?! Hope you like being fired
I can knows compooter
Steal everything from us? Enjoy your case of the sh*ts!
Mean teacher wouldn't let student use the bathroom. Essentially gets puked on.
"Handicapped Parking" is for handicapped people - not rich ones.
Asshole teacher wouldn't let a student use a restroom during class. Student gets even.
Are you sTuPiD?!
Load all your beer into my truck, please and thanks
He stole my sandwich so I fed him bits of .... me.
Roommate refused to clean the litterbox, now theres catshit in her bed
Mums petty revenge
10 year old kicks me, gets his arm broken
You want to steal my mail? I'll give you something to steal.
You wanna call me some slurs? I hope you don’t care about your emails
Accidental Petty Revenge Brought To You By An Exhausted Grocery Store Cashier
The Kit fisters need your help at r/KitFisters
Return to Sender on Neighbor's Stimulas Check
Didn’t believe my weird allergy and then the class suffers
How I got my pesky uncle locked in a hospital
Roommate thinks it's funny to heat up the room, gets the stink.
"Where the fuck are you from??"
Make fun of my name? Enjoy not getting paid
Humiliate me in front of my classmates, Imma prove you wrong in front of the staff teachers
A small victory I (19F) had in my home country
Back Yard neighbors refuse to take care of their dog (Incessant barking early morning/late night)
Redneck + Resourcefulness = Regretbully a nerd for fun, enjoy being expelled and a case on you record
I Ruined My Music Teachers Career In 3 Words Because She Ruined Career.
Very Petty Cookie Revenge
Karen hogging the beach, rewarded with a broken window
I got my ex and ex best friend to both think they had a STD
Manager screwed me over so I got him fired.
Teacher bullies my brother, looses job and gets blacklisted by most schools in my state
Karen hogging the beach, rewarded with a broken window
Family keeps pure bred Persian when owner decides not to collect him for 2 years
Father and son steals table and acts like idiots, karma comes around.
Work me until I end up in the ER? I quit and I'm taking all the nuggets.
Annoyed rude girl with constant spelling corrections in google meeting
Work me until I end up in hospital? I quit and I'm taking the nuggets.
Work me to near death and cost me my vacation? I quit and I'm taking the nuggets.
Spotify Hacker Revenge
Spotify Hacker Revenge
A girl steals my pen, I stalk her to get it back
Delay house construction for 6 months, I'll take over your google business
Should I revenge cheat?
Sister didn't like the work done and had to do it all over again!!!
She put Chilli paste on my noodle, i put sesame seed she hate and afraid the most
Try to cop a feel, get suspended and a visit from cops
Try and manipulate me for dick picks? Guess I'll kill you.
"What was that about how I was never going to get a man?"
One upping an eBay scammer
Gym Bro Tries to Shame me, I Have the Last Laugh
Entitled brat gets iced coffee spilled all over him.
Horrible Bosses And Just Desserts
Fun phone call ;p
Everyone now hates my gossipy, two-faced coworker.
This is what happens when you throw a tantrum with someone who's much more petty than you
Update on gossipy coworker: everyone hates her now
revenge cottage style
My cousin leaf blows dumb neighbors grass back at her
Customer lied to me
uncle snitches on me, i do the exact thing back.
The Replacement
Death by Doritos
I got rid of a flirty, beautiful high school friend problem.
The hidden AC remote
The hidden AC remote
Getting revenge on wannabe thieves
Getting revenge on wannabe thief’s
Thieving Coke-Fiend gets what he deserves, right in front of him (and he doesn't even know it).
Doritos
I feel like I'm drowning but I cannot give ip
The Ice Cream Line Cutter
Need idea for some petty revenge.
uber driver gets paid for being a douchebag
Pissed off a cheater
Shaming French Witches with a Children's Song
A children's song for French Witches
Saying I'm bad at the game and then wanting to play on my save? well I'll just delete it
The time barely washing my hair when I was ten got the opportunity to annoy the fuck outta someone
But I worked so hard?.. Sike!
But I worked so hard?.. Sike!
But I worked so hard... SIKE!
You Want The Rare Toy? Abide Wheaton's Law.
Got Dorm Leader Fired a Year After he Called the Cops on Me
Got My Dorm Leader Fired and Lose his Scholarship a Year after he Called the Cops on Me
Wake me up at midnight for "being too loud" and "Claiming to be asleep.". And ruin my fucking precious sleep. Well two can play that game.
I ruined a bridesmaid dress and my cousin threw a tantrum
Exposed My Toxic Ex Friend As A Cheater
Managed to get the cheater at my table back!
Recess monitor wouldn't let me inside, I threw up and made sure no one got inside
Have fun with your bag full of juice
How to deal with abusive and manipulative sociopaths.
Want to share a story about a female medical student from University of Sharjah
Try to make life at school hard for me? I'll make teaching me hell for you.
Dude irritated me while I was tired as hell, so I ruin his favorite show
Neighbor Steals My Mail. I get Revenge.
Revenge on my dad
Ideas for revenge on this racist?
Told everyone private information about me? Have fun un-telling them. All of them.
Shaming a couple of ignorant witches
If you don’t want to leash your bitch, I will just let nature follow its course.
Shaming some
Cheat off me during an exam? Good luck with that.
Neighbor’s truck got keyed
MOW THE LAWN! Ok
Don’t mess with the cat ears
Don’t mess with the cat ears
I stood up to the biggest bully in my shcool
Petty revenge on telemarketing
Homophobic teacher gets and earful from awesome dad
Homophobic Teacher gets an earful from my dad
Help me get a little Revenge
Call me a bitch? Have fun getting home.
So my brother likes to act tough on the internet.
My brother ruined my project so I made my revenge...
My Brotherrs ruined my project and I’ll take Revenge...
Don’t mess with the cat ears
It's the thought that counts.
It's the tought that counts.
It's the thought that counts
Dropped my sibling off at the wrong house.
Dropping my sister off at the wrong house.
So you are allergic to poison oak. . .
You piss puck me? I skunk puck you.
You want to be racist and raid my pantry? Then I'll crash your partyShaming Witches With a French Children's Song
Now he is the annoyed one!
I hope this is really petty but this morning
Fuck with my friends? I’ll get you banned from servers you’re in.
Reacted to teasing by ruining a 4.0 students GPA
Haven't Paid Rent in Three Months to Racist Landlord
Brother cheats me off the family Xbox, I set up a password
You prey on young children? I’ll tell the whole school about your diaper fetish.
Revenge on a childhood bully
Guy asked “how’s the weather down there” as I was checking out his groceries so I gave him floorberry’s
You take advantage of my small size, I give your computer a "virus"
Shaming Witches With a French Children's Song
Don’t mess with the cat ears.
Shamed Two witches with a French Children's song
Eat MY Food? I'll Feed You Cat Food!
Dumped my Boyfriend and Sent Spoilers After Watching Him be an Ass Towards His Neighbors
Received a phishing email, fired back a tactical nuke.
Blow up my email, I'll destroy yours
Take my dryer and clothes? Lose all of yours.
Sibling got his ice cream.
Can I make my sister have acne?
My mom took my breakfast, so I took her blankets
Stressed a landlord who refused to return my damage deposit
Don't cheat on me, dude
Karma always comes back to bite you, and in this story rather quickly.
Dumped my Boyfriend and Sent Spoilers After Watching Him be an Ass Towards His Neighbors
Revenge with a side of coleslaw
Cut me off in the parking lot? Enjoy your wait.
High school jerk gets some unintended revenge
A customer threatens my coworkers because they didn't make his lunch that he didn't order.
You should believe kids
Wanna destroy my costume? I'll tell people how to make your wares for WAY cheaper.
Gave an 18-hour notice at work
Got a bully suspended by getting him to fight another kid
My Dad covers a road ragers wind shield in syrup while driving!
Don’t want my services for FREE, fine pay over £1,000 for your job
Don't shove me across the court
Queen Bee gets a taste of her own medicine.
Grandma Karen gets a parking ticket
Petty Mother’s Day revenge on aggro dickhead customer
Annoying principal gets´s to taste of her own medicine
Annoying principal gets stroke back with her own rules
Professor Bitchface
The story of my ex
treat me bad i (and others) get you fired
Teacher being an asshole? Be an asshole back.
Break up with me? Okay I'll steal your crush
Don't mess with the media
Revenge on old racist lady
So this guy posted in a t-shirt design subreddit i'm a part of....
Jilted Chinese woman sends 1,000 kilograms of onions to ex-boyfriend’s doorstep
Mess with my playlist? Enjoy the tunes
Revenge is sweet
Rude, obnoxious neighbour gets some petty revenge
Copying an oc? Fine I’ll draw the original to put yours to shame
Bullied, so I traded his gameboy cartridge
You want me to list the troubleshooting steps? You won’t pretty soon!
This is a comment I saw on a post from user u/withoutprivacy. I’ve copied the comment word for word.
She Was Warned
I locked my sister out of her room multiple times.
We don’t like your loud music!
Perfect Petty Revenge on Super Annoying Roommate
Keep acting like a piece of shit? Here’s a block of shit for your troubles.
My daughters mother refuses to give me my share of the child tax credit even though I should get 2/7s of the money.
Don't be an ass to the person ringing you up
Entitled Coworkers
We Got Our Own Small Victory. Suck It Mystic!
Tooth fell out at school. Bleed all over my teachers cream dress.
Petty Revenge a la Mode
School garbage revenge
I cussed my bullies out!
Don’t talk over me
Burn my pizza constantly? Fine,I'll cancel my large order.
Dog poops on my floor, dog poop's on my neighbours' doorsteps
I made a voodoo doll for my bully and I poke it daily
Don't Judge a Book by Its Cover
The elastic incident
Patience is a virtue
Heterophobe gives gay fandom members a bad name, I get my last word
I get my last word
Don't mess with obs.
Look into my eyes? you are fired
Keep me from saving my game? Turnabout is fair play!
Got back at my friend who embarrassed her friends for years using one quick folder.
I did not need it last time!
Disrespecting financial support of a clan went wrong!
Steal my work and use it as your own? How about no?
I get a revenge on 6-year-old bullies
But I didn't need it last time!
But I didn't need it last time!
I get a satisfying revenge on 6-year-old bullies
be a crap DM... I'll make you one.
Lazy student wanted my lecture recordings- technically I complied
Steal my work? Screw me over? I'll grant you that F.
Neighbor complains about roosters
Smug enemy gets confused by his own threat.
For everyone that yells "Freebird!" at concerts...
For every one of you that yells "Freebird!" at concerts...
Entitled brat thinks he can make all the decisions for our DND group, gets wrecked
I was doing sound for a comedianNeighbors partying and would not lower volume so i poured syrup on their door knob
The ground beef story
Literal scam artist gets BAD KARMA
Don't pick a fight with a comedian
Don’t mess with restaurant workers.
Heterophobic asshole in fandom community, I get my last word
Blood and Satan
I wrote this song when my boyfriend broke up with me
I wrote this song when my boyfriend broke up with me
Fake friend beats me up over a trampoline ride so i ruin his birthday party.
Use my shampoo and I’ll make your hair blue
You yell at me because of my dog, you get a walkway made of poop
Scream at me because of my dog, you get poop on your walkway.
Scam me over a video game? I'll empty your whole paypal wallet..
He steals my seat so I steal his test.
Got a doctors’ note for taking my wife for a check-up
Wash the dishes
Use my toothpaste and leave dirty crockery everywhere? Enjoy poorly cooked food for life
A Fun Recipe I Made for Package Thieves in My Building
Fine! I'll do it for you.
Have a nice ride home! :)
My dad stopped my from watching rslash so I just pissed him off
I need $200 instead of just $20 dallorw
PvP death match turns into harmless glitter prank...
Throw at me in a baseball game? We'll see how that works out for you...
My mother gets revenge on a racist rude neighbor
The smallest petty possible
Crazy Karen and crazy coincidence
Don't be so impatient
My face was offensive so I made it less offensive, apparently that was more offensive... exactly.
Gang of girls try to steal from my uncle, get taken away by local police.
Won’t let me go to the toilet to vomit? Then I’ll just have to vomit on u
Brother tries to insult my music taste, gets roasted by the entire family
Bike up in the air.
My Entitled Aunt Steals My Masks Throughout The Month, I Steal $150 Of Things She Hoarded
Scam me over a cheap video game? I'll empty your whole paypal wallet...
The owner (M60) and manager (F30) of a family owned BBQ restraunt harrass me (F18) until forcing me to quit!! Jokes on them!! (TLDR at the end)
Try to mess with my RC car club? Let me ruin your soccer teams grand final.
Roommate who kept spoiling anime and tv shows got a taste of her own medicine
The Spirit Board Revenge
Entitled kid thinks he is the boss on dnd
Cheats on dad, dad takes away what she loves most!
Revenge is a drink best served hot.
Quick. Neighbors have been singing on their patio (VERY loudly) for the last hour. What should I do?
Don't imply my employee is incompetent because she's a woman!
Company treated me like dirt, so I left them in the dust
Spoil Avengers : Infinity War for me? I will make sure you regret that!
Two can play this game.
Revenge for the car
Please Just Wait Your Turn.
Parents tried to sabotage my hobby, so I slightly sabotaged their reputation.
sgaspjgaporg
He messed with the wrong guy.
Some guy spoiled the Red Wedding for me. Got my revenge 2 years later
You messed with the wrong guy
Some guy ruined Game of Thrones for me. Two years later, I got my revenge. (contains spoiler for GOT S3-5)
A company gave out 10,000 flyers that had my phone number on them.
Fuck you petty revenge
this is an inteesting title.
Why is it impossible to post here??
Some guy spoiled the Red Wedding for me (Game of Thrones). Two years later, I got my revenge.
No. More. Patience. It's time for Nyan Cat.
Asshole Wagon v Super Wagon
CEO accidentally reveals to the whole office he’s the Diet Coke thief
Asshole shopper
The final farewell
...
Landlord wouldn't lower my AC from 80F to 76F, so I got my own air conditioner and now all my reptiles need huge heat lamps.
Office food thief eats the WRONG food
How to enact revenge on my annoying neighbor?
How can I screw over my annoying neighbor legally?
Announced my girlfriend's pregnancy on my sister's wedding [repost]
I have performed a psychological attack on someone who parked his car like an asshole.
Turning a sexist comment back at someone
It's rude to blast music in public
Standard disclaimer: this was ages ago but it was me, it was revenge and it was petty. I was living in Spain and me and a mate came home to find our flatmate had smoked all our weed. Again.
My sibling is abusive so i went on television to say fuck you.
The Flower War
My Abusive Mum Didn't Want Me Talking With My Boyfriend So I Started Playing Video Games With Him Even More
Ignorant customer
Moving
Petty theft
I would hate me too
Announced my girlfriend's pregnancy on my narcissistic sister's wedding
Hung out with a boy to get petty revenge on a bad friend
Posting this here because people on AITA think I suck for this petty revenge
Trying to have your cake and eat it too?
Using my silly woman brain for pettiness
Bless her heart
Stepsibling level F*cking but it's his wallet that gets f*cked instead
Lady bought my pet and tried to resell it for profits, has now no chance of finding any buyer in the country (probably)
Don't mess with a solder's spouse!
Classic email prank
Insane Mom
Revenge on neighbor that makes me end up in the ER all the time.
Ungrateful roommates try to get me evicted. One gets arrested the others get a visit from CPS.
“First come, first serve, baby!”
Ratted out on my college roommates for being loud after 2 pm.
Let me just remind you of how out of touch you are with your employees
It’s literally flinging poo at this point.I stole the leading role from a cheating theatre club president
Choir teacher gets drama teacher to quit, his replacement is total revenge
kid gets annoyed at me his account gets banned
Cheat on me? Then I'll go out on my terms
Dont accept my unborn baby is a boy? Have fun not being his godparent.
Bullying me? well I hope you got copies of all your notes
I want to clarify something. (Mods don't remove).
The case of the stolen parking spot (X-Post from a comment thread yesterday)
Housemate made our lives hell, so I hid the tv remote.
Housemate made our lives hell, so I hid the tv remote.
Ruining the fun of some toxic11 year old kids
Didn't say her name to her boss, but...
Housemate made our lives hell, so I hid the tv remote
Block the Fox
My cousin acts like a dick but I eventually get one back
Wanting to ruin someone's life
Petty Parking Revenge
Yeah, this may be illegal, but that’s not what I’m asking. Hypothetically. Read back story!
My younger brothers nickname for me gets him detention
My horrible coworker....and my sweet revenge
I am the asshole
Cheater gets perma banned
That time my sexist coworker thought he was going to talk to me like the scum of the earth for my entire employment...
Petty competition entry...
NEED HELP
Baked potato (I will explain)
EX BESTFRIEND/ LOVER
Manager causes mass quitting spree
Baseball clubs phone number
Fuck with my friends, I make you faceplant in the dirt.
Drunk guy decides our kitchen is a pizza place
Boy Harassing my friend in discord gets set-up because, why not?
Don't screw with your employees
I destroyed all my toxic friends work in Skyblock
Retail Security in a pandemic
don’t call me a bitch!
Taking a stand against my brothers anus
Currently enjoying the pettiest revenge
Taking a stand!
All is well that ends well, I guess
Taking a stand against my brother's anus
Finally taking a stand against my brother's shit
Bestfriend/coworker gets me fired for her mistakes. Comes back later to bite her in the arse.
HOA pres tries to defeat my dad. Spoiler alert, it doesn't go well.
Tired of having answers copied
Cheaters Got Outed
Wannabe challenges me to a flexibility contest
Guileful problem solving
Group members present without me
Scammer called but can't hang up
My roommate’s been eating cat food for the last 3 weeks
Never mess around in a games trading menu!
Trying to force me out of a bus seat for nearly an entire year? Have fun trying to enjoy it when I get petty.
Cheat on me? I'll date your ex-friend
CSGo check the pantry
Steal from me? Ill make you homeless
Petty revenge
Never Touch a Soldier's Wife
Entitled kid thinks he's the leader in dnd
Entitled kid thinks he's the leader in dnd
Entitled kid thinks he's the leader in dnd
Want to torture my young sister? Have fun not getting your doordash order
Watching “Upload” saw a relatable bad boss interaction.
My reputation shuts up another girl
Cut me off and almost cause an accident? Taste Clementine, bitch.
If I can't sleep... etc
I have all your information kid
Mom Ruins Dad's Favorite Shirt Because He Cheated
My Mom Finds Out My Dad Was Cheating And Ruins His Favorite Shirt
Threaten me on a dating app? Watch while your life crumbles around you.
Spam email time
If I can't sleep, then neither will you....
Revenge of the Wet Chalk
Fiance cheats, then loses his shirt. Literally.
Signing up a number for telemarketing spam calls
One time a sugar daddy didn’t keep his end of the bargain before leaving the hotel room.
I exacted revenge on my brother
You treat me like trash? Fine I’ll get revenge
He calls me a fatass to my face, ruin his laptop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LBdl8ipGY88
Crane driver gets his revenge on sunbathing man during COVID-19
Petty commercial throwing stones at big corporations covid commercials
Kid stabbed me with a pencil because of a misunderstanding (Not sure why this keeps getting deleted automatically)
Kid stabbed me with a pencil, but it was a misunderstanding.
That one time a kid stabbed my palm with a pencil, because some idiots fat-shamed him.
Karen makes a mess in store, tries to pass off the blame and fails
shocking discovery when rain is yellow
These are my snacks
work acceptable pettyness
It your turn to cry
The best revenge is slow-cooked
You sent me a d*ck pic? You will be sorry for some time.
"Coming Out" Post-Surgery
Racist Hungarian kid talks trash in TF2,gets his&amp;his friend's cheeks clapped.
She ate my cheese, so I flushed her perfume down the toilet
Dumb driver aggravates the wrong girl
You Ruined My Bounty Mission? Okay, I’ll Ruin Your Train Party
You Killed Me? Okay, I’ll Ruin Your Train Party
Old man in new SUV gets what he deserves
Petty revenge against my petty revengeI can play better than you!
That's not a tow truck
Coworker tries to get me to sexually harass waitresses. I break him of the habit instead
Help me get back?
The car incident
Mute with my best friend? I’ll make you quit.
Sweet revenge on the train
Accused of being bully, I'll take my years of hard work with me after being bullied by the accusers
The old switcharo
Fire me tomorrow, I'm leaving today...
Sure we can have a meeting tomorrow, I just won't be there...
EA complains about my driving. I make her miss an important event. {Short}
Book Club Revenge (FAILED)
You don't pay me? I'll tell your mum you're skipping school
Scammer calls, listens to hardcore music
Kid tries to get friend group in trouble, get suspended for 2 weeks
It wasn’t until now I realized that my impromptu retaliation ended up coming full circle into petty revenge.
No respect for the basement neighbors? Enjoy your forced quiet time.
Hi my name is Hannah and I’m being silenced on the public freak out forum board by my ex as we speak. Please watch this video and then go to that forum and up like. You’ll watch the epic battle unfold.
Dollar Store worker made my day
I made a guy drive below the speed limit for miles after he drove like an A-hole towards another car. Here's one for you, rSlash!
The neighbor kids stole from my car so I hid their bikes and scooters
Me: 1 Cable Company: Smelly #2
On having to pay for a dine and dash
“Chad” bro gets a lesson on ghosting
I quit my job... and got an ENTIRE HOTEL shut down.
I quit my job... and got an ENTIRE hotel shut down.
I quit my job... and it set off a chain reaction that caused an ENTIRE HOTEL to be shut down.
Slept with my boyfriend? You get a trophy
My revenge on squirrels.
Steal my dirt bike and other people’s stuff? Have fun with the sheriff’s department!
Don’t tell me to shut up unless you want me to shut up
Drunk girl pukes in my bed so I drop off the bedding at her house
Here kitty kitty kitties the garage door is open!
Block my garage, I egg your car
My brother kept teasing and bullying me time for revenge...
Watching Porn On A School Laptop ? Well Get Exposed!
Country Brochures Revenge
Party People Won't Leave, I Bring Out The Big Guns
Help me create my story for petty revenge
Who is your real friend
Won't give me $20 off? Fine, I'll get $50 off instead
Summer Camp bullies get beaten by a 7 year old kid.
Play stupid games, win stupid prizes.
Play stupid games, win stupid prizes.
Neighbour gets his just desserts...
Summer camp bullies beaten by a 7 year old.
Don't mess with young RangoAnimations
Breaking up a Roblox couple
destroy my airsoft guns well then no more nuts for you
Keep the Change
Can't find your favorite CD? How odd.
Cop writes me a bad ticket, I get him suspended. (long story sorry)
Hannah the homewrecker strikes back
Best friend spoils Harry Potter series, so I spend some time with his dog to teach him a lesson.
Be mindful of your neighbors....they could be the ones watching your property while you're not around.
Write a thousand word Essay? Coming right up.
You gotta wait
The piss frisbee. Enjoy your wet socks!
The war of the cup.
Housemates let random people sleep in my bed then ghosted me, revenge was pretty sour...
"Screw off." The customer is king!
Pram woman
Pram Bitch
It would take 625+ tweets chained to represent American deaths to covid as 1 character per life lost.
Made things awkward for a buyer's remorse customer who insisted the item doesn't work.
Use my friend, lose to do your own work
You don't want my money? fine...
Can y’all help me out please?
Neighbours!
Bully my friends? Enjoy your Tik Tok
Guy was being toxic so his teammate ruined his rocket league match
Got my bratty neighbor grounded
We were banned from a large trading ACNH trading sub for posting "DM for code" in our post. SO we've made our own and plan to out grow them to stick it to them for being rude to everyone just because they're a large site.
Exposed A Boy And Made Him Get In Lots Of Trouble
Housemates steal my rum. They regret it.
Don't Steal #1(Also this is my first post) Hi Rslash!!
Would this be pro or petty revenge
My mom hung up on me
Revenge on fly
Stuck in apartment with a loud neighbor during lockdown? Try this
The Sprinkle Revenge
I got my high school classmate kicked out of their home.
I think of spraying the car of my ex best friend
Student(s) vs professor
sweet revenge
EA Tries to get me to Date her daughter So I plan petty revenge
History Youtube Channel reads out two years of dumb comments to roast people.
My brother stole my stuff, So I booby trapped my closet and got him good.
Screwed Out of Being Screwed
Have some noise
Asshole neighbors cut down all of my privacy shrubs...
cat lady revenge
Tricked a bunch of kids into hitting an ants nest and unleash huge red ants on themselves
This girl who used to be in my tech class just wouldn't shut up
Little shit tried to attack my dog and I got PISSED.
My cat is a petty asshole that peed in a shoe.
Boss's Wife Thought Toys-For-Tots Was "Tacky"
My brother stole my food so I started a GoFundMe about him
My brother stole my food so I started a GoFundMe for him.Annoying Margot
Em stole my switch. Gets pro gamer moved
My mom decided that a bin bag wasn't necessary
Entitled Brat gets a little surprise
My brother won’t shut up at 3:00am, so I blast Syrian music
A man almost broke my shoulder with a stick so i decided to take revenge.
heres a DIY one
heres a DIY petty revenge trick
My petty revenge on my coworker Karen
The story of how my coworker karen ingested another mans throw-up
Boss and manager said women belong in the kitchen. So i made them coffee in unwashed mugs.
The story of how my coworker karen ingested another mans throw-up
Pick on me? Hope you like free samples of your own medicine
Underwear Subscription
Karen in Training Gets Schooled
I sent shit in the mail to my shitty ex best friend
Remote Control - Alt - Delete
I want my shower, Lady
STALKER REVENGE!
What do you make of this? I deactivated my Facebook a few months ago, then received this text message this afternoon.
Presentation Revenge
Took my laundry out of the shared washing machine to find a towel (not mine) mixed in with my clothes.
A bunch of Karens, and I immediately took revenge
Upstairs neighbor is driving me craZy with excessive stomping and having her kid run free and jump around all day. Throws things on the floor, our building is really weakly insulated. Advice?
My pettiest revenge.... on you, and you, and you!
Our sub treated us badly. Things got interesting
Me: 1 Cable Company: Smelly #2
Has anyone used ipoopyou.com?
funny baby cats
You can find my address online but that’s ok!
Guess Showing Up Wasn't an Option
This is my pool, not a whorehouse.
Just Don't Show Up
Don't forget to pay back your friends!
Gift Card
My aunt
Me vs. Cable Company
Bully gets mentally abused
Cut in line? No tomato for you.
Entitled Father thinks bringing his mistress to his Son's Funeral is OK...
Your daughter is EK? then fuck you
A bunch of Karens, and I immediately took revenge
PS4 spam
I need to find a story
Hey guys! Pls help me out :) Sharing might help too
An exceptionally petty response to telemarketers that can't take the hint
I need a favor
Bolt my window, I steal your things and tell my Mom
Ruined Ex-Roomate’s life during quarantine
Whistle Baby
Ruined Ex-Roomate’s life for the next 5 months.
Me: 1 Cable Company: 0
Roommate kept messing with the thermostat.
Put me in an impossible situation? Enjoy a loss in revenue
Being mean is a disadvantage.
Ya wanna play music? Allow me to join in!
You say "FU" to my husband? I say BING BING BING BONG BONG BONG BONG
Prepare for psychological warfare after getting drunk and running over my bike.
Petty Revenge long in the Making
Ban me from Holofans discord? I'll expose your wank bank
Why my grandfather dropped out of High School.
A**hole co-worker leaves a roll of pennies in till for me and this happens
Have Some Grass Clippings!
Mess with my Friend? I’ll stop your friend from doing what he loves for a year
Getting home too late to take your roommate to Walmart because you're more interested in driving the chick who friend zoned you places? Again? Have fun in the morning.
New revenge Subreddit
No coke than royals fine
The bathroom fued
Guy made an inconsiderate comments to another redditor that was absolutely terrible. So I spent a good amount of time going through and down voting all of his posts. It took a long time but I almost got it to zero.
I don't get my sleep? You won't get yours!
The nurses petty revenge army
It's Almost Deer Season...
Comment on my weight while I'm pregnant? I'm gonna look flawless at your nephew's wedding.
Students vs professor
Like leaving garbage around?
Woman gives me an insulting tip so I publicly shamed her.
Cheat on me? I’ll sleep with your brother
Revenge on manager
Downstairs neighbor hates my dog
I was the disabled parking Grinch!
Queen Bee fight
Okay Thuma
Mess with my friend? I mess with you.
Guy breaks rules and messes with my friend. I mess with his
Get off my ass in traffic or wait another light
You Don’t Want To Do Your Job? Ok Then, Have An “Easier” Job.
I am here to help
Bully gets what she deserves
Mess with the hair and you get what’s fair
Mess with the hair and you get what’s fair
No homework for a whole year still got my +A
Ruin my time? You'll regret that
Thief should’ve just given back my clothes I lent her
He tried to scam me. It did not end up well.
He tried to scam me. It did not end up well.
He tried to scam me. It did not end up well.
He tried to scam me. It did not end up well.
A cat strikes back
Bully Gets Colorful Revenge
Old guy yells at me for getting the wrong pancake mixNo thanks, no final exam for us!
Cut me off? Ok. Enjoy your new paint job
a former best friend who screwed me over and stole credit. This is my revenge by breaking off his engagement with his fiance
How to Fight Back Against Neighbors Siphoning Gas
Getting back at my manager
Getting back at my manager
Crazy Trespasser
So sorry
Road rage is for cry babies
I took his shoes
Half the Class Fails the Midterm after Cheaters Copy Me
do NOT mess with the Big farmer
Quarantine doesn’t mean bad parking goes away.
“You’re not really sick”
"Go do what you're best at love"
Old story but I think it’s good
You Get to See What It's Like to Not Have Help, Boss
Some guy spoiled the Red Wedding for me. Two years later, I got my revenge.
"Killi Khara"
You want robux no thanks
Help me get a little bit of revenge
Mom doesn't believe her daughter - ends up hospitalized
Snub me? Get your house trashed.
Boy tries to smash my friends clay, gets their project blown up instead
Parasite at the book store
Petty Permanent Marker Prank Revenge 😁
Petty Permanent Marker Payback
Update: I'm the one who vaccumed my ceiling
Acorn tree seeds are great revenge for emotionally manipulative people
My sister made a bob to clean his own crap off the wall
Labeled my neighbor’s dog’s poop for all to see when she neglected to pick it up.
so this is a story I did to my ex gf
I downvote all of a mod’s posts on an artistic subreddit because he’s an asshole with mediocre talent
I made my friend fail his final exam by telling him the wrong answers
Say bad things about me to the Owner, and make me do your work?! ... I make your life HELL for 18 MONTHS!!!
Try to run me over, I slash your tires
I have her passport number, how do I ruin her life?
Built a website to shame my friend’s ex
Today I finally snapped and now I’m the psycho wife
Stinky Revenge
Question for you all
Alliance leader kicks me out unfairly, get back at her by destroying the alliance
mobile game alliance leader kicks me out, repay her by destroying the alliance
Don't take my stuff.
Controlling my ex bfs a/c from miles away
Increase my Workload, I'll cost you thousands of dollars.
I make faces underneath my mask at work
You screw me I screw your sister.
Workers have no rights because we're not unionized?....np I'll take care of that
MY DAD GETS REVENGE ON A PASTOR
my dad gets revenge on a youth pastor
Say bad things about me to the Owner, and make me do your work?! ... I make your life HELL for 18 MONTHS!!
Say bad things about me to the Owner, and make me do your work!? ... I make your life HELL for 18 MONTHS!!!
My aunt talks shit about my family and I make her think she’s going to be paralyzed forever
Bully me and my friends, get wrecked
Sister Gets Revenge on Camp Bully
My Dad Gets Revenge on a Youth Pastor
Shots Fired
Wont listen? Ok I’ll paint your wall
Had my roommate suspended from campus living and down over $400
I failed my cheaters test
well u didnt want ur teacher to answer emergency phones during a lesson yes?
He destroyed my Highschool years, i destroyed his futer
waiter refuses to swap out our glasses? don’t say we didn’t warn you
Moral: Don't be rude to service industry people who have all of your personal information.
Framed me? Lemme just frame you right back! An episode of little girl petty wars.
A bad friend
I made my 12 year old neighbor eat dog food after he tricked my 4 year old into eating it.
Want to show off what a big man you are while taking a vacation with your new gf? She might deflate your ego a bit.
I got my abusive managers fired and they held a grudge.
Need Advice on Something
Don't Want to Give Me My Bonus? You Don't Get to Profit from the Work I Did
Screw Me on My Bonus? You Won't Make Money on What I Did to Earn It
Math teacher mad I "took to long in the bathroom," so I got some petty revenge.
I pooped in the name of revenge
I gave my grandma corona.
6th grade math teacher got mad at me for "taking to long in the bathroom," and may have gotten her marked fro assault
The Irony...
I fed my ex ants
Smarmy car salesman thinks he's cool. Hope he likes the new salt n cheese Rockstar.
food rule 3 and food rule 4
Enjoy the early morning wake up
Dad fought HOA board and won
I made my roommate smell like beef for weeks
teacher took my hearing aids
Revenge is a dish best served cold
Verbally attack me at a bar, prepare to be put in your place
Insult my boyfriend to get female attention, prepare to get put in your place
Blowing bitches mind
High-school racist became national laughingstock
Next time, put your cup away.
Company founder acts like an idiot — employee makes him look like one
Company founder acts like an idiot — employee makes him look like one
Company founder acts like a d**k — employee makes him look like one
Company founder acts like a dick — employee makes him look like one
I fed my parents dog food
Karma sucks
Revenge on pest control company
Petty Revenge on My Sexist Brother
Don’t listen to the sign? Ok.The Irony...
I ruined my ex boss's life
AT&amp;T tries to screw me over $139, I actually screw them out of $72,000
One bedroom apartments seem a little smaller when a big dog is barking
Don't hurt my hamster
A gamer's tale
Tyred Of Your Pettiness
I Agree, The Back of the Store is Much Too Far of a Walk
I wrote this song when my boyfriend broke up with me
I destroyed a sexist group chat forever after they called me ugly
I destroyed a sexist group chat forever after they called me ugly
Never pick on someone smarter than you
I destroyed a sexist group chat forever after they called me ugly
r/petty revenge
Insecure girlfriend tells me I can’t ask her boyfriend (my ex) for travel tips
Mom being too egocentric and interrupted my talk in front of the family. I told her something she didn't want everyone to hear about her.
Screw us on rent during a pandemic? That’s fine you’ll sleep on the floor.
My roommate wakes me up, so I'm waking him up
IT departments revenge
Be mean to me, I’ll inconvenience you
Got even w/cheating wife
Need some random text help
Fb review
The Irony...
The Irony...
Teachers that beat me
The Irony...
The Irony...
The Irony...
Petty Father
Won't Lock the Door to the Room, Enjoy Having it Empty
Petty revenge at its finest
Pranked annoying entitled dude on the last day of 5th Grade
TL;DR: She gave me the finger, so I reversed and maneuvered into the parking stall she wanted
Refuse to bring your dog in at nights? goodbye dog.
My Dad Gets Revenge
"I win."
"I win."
Entitled Aunt Karen vs. Southern Grandma
Ex boyfriend’s best mate was mean to me and my brother so I kinda ruined his life
Cheap Landlord Pays Hefty Price
Kitchen Drama
Younger sister wouldn’t turn down her music so I blasted mine
She asked for seperate bags.😊
Continually drink my scotch? Have some pee instead
Want to poach on my property? Yeah, we'll see about that.
I’m considering tricking a thief into drinking pee.
That's what you get for throwing me across a room
She stole my boyfriend so I stole her post
Mess with me? Your gonna mess with the boys...
Sent my nudes to my mother? Enjoy having the screenshots sent to your 'fiancée'
You mess with me, you mess with my friends...
Koolaid Blues
I quit my old job with a plan
You lock me in, I paint you up!
piss in the guava juice
Lay off the guy who built your network? enjoy the brain drain..
Entitled people get a huge fine because they didn't want to listen to the park ranger.
My friend stole our toxic friends crush
Good luck finding anything...
"I win."
"I win."
i got blocked for playing around
My grandmother got a teacher fired for telling her students that they would never succeed
Woman leaves a bad review on pet shop, gets refund and refuses to get pick up the bird for free, so the shop does a giveaway of her bird.
My ex stole my Netflix account
My ex cheated and lied, so I had some fun
call
Girl stole my cough drops
Orange juice brought from home that others steal at work, my dads had enough
Park in the striped area of disabled parking, you food will get cold...
Scarring the shit out of a thief
someone help me!!
Pinchpenny picnic payback pettiness
Neighbors dogs
I flashed my mother to get some privacy during quarantine
Don't care about the neighborhood and harass my family? Ecological warfare.
I almost got my ex fired for being racist.
Petty revenge against the girl who slept with my sister's boyfriend
Self Centered and Arrogant Father in Law Mows Over Last Set of Car Keys
My brother stole my Lego's, so I booby trapped my closet and got him good.
You Can't fix stupid
ex-roommate got fined for improper checkout at uni
Uncaring "Grandpa" Tricked into Destroying his Car Keys
MY SISTER WONT BE SMOKING CIGARETTES TODAY😁😁
A day in trade for a game.
Boss replaced me with unpaid labor, so I wrecked what I was working on for the company.
Some times it helps to call law enforcement
Update: Pizza
I Quit instead of taking a promotion
Loud neighbor playing music no longer can have his fun
Crazy girl bullies on the Internet, gets exposed to friends and family
I let my abusive ex get swamped in medical bill late fees from the night we broke up
The bi$ch in the workhouse
Staff stabs me in the back
steal my phone have fun having your burger stolen
When Memes rAGE
Wiping my ass with my sisters face towel
I shat in the sink of a pub that kicked me out
GUYS I NEED HELPGirl bled on molester
Wrote all this for AITA, but I think you will appreciate it more.
Ex thinks it’s a good idea to key her own car and get me arrested
Let my 18year old step son leave the house with a visible shit stain in his draws
If you're going to cheat on me, at least be less obvious about it...
I report every ad I see on Facebook to hopefully throw a wrench in their system
Roomate left dirty dishes so I cleaned them.
A history Nerds Historic win !
My revenge on my 4th grade bully
hehe
Toilet Seat Revenge.
You want me to return it in a box? I'll give you a box.
Toilet Seat Revenge
Joke about having coronavirus and fail to respect social distancing while on the job, then tell me to "do something?"
Slack off at work, enjoying counting change
Revenge against the bully
Bad Tenant
Terrible Tenant Gets Wet Mail
Terrible Tenant Gets Wet Mail
A French man makes a homophobic rant without knowing I (bisexual man) speak French
Dog Poop Bomb
How to deal with an annoying religious co-worker
My brother makes fun of me so I spooked him
Ooops.
Sent my neighbor a glitter bomb because he was a dickhead to me
Karma strikes bully enabling teacher
My brother his alarm clock
A short story
Annoying Spanish teacher
She just wouldn't shut up
Awful atmosphere so I anticipated being fired
My stepmom didn’t like the flowers I got her and said I should’ve just went to the store, so I went to the store and and bought a bow and picked her more flowers.
I hope im doing this right.
People refused to turn off their trashy explicit music so they suffered the wrath of my French horn practice
Brother won't get me water? Enjoy another trip to the tap.
Apartment life - loud neighbor accidental petty revenge for disturbing my sleep.
Won't quiet your music down? Fine I'll blast some with you
But me about your Friday? Let me return tge favour
Small but worth it.
Neighbor‘s barking dog
This assholes won't listen to me,my friend has a plan to get revenge....
Petty roommate fight
Cousin screws with me, I get him nonstop beat.
Lgbt vs crazy feminist
iTs NoT mY pRoBLEm
I used my (sortof?) Ex's card to buy lingerie.
Roommate doesn't let me sleep
Got kicked out of the house today. Jokes on them I hid all the toilet paper.
Don't mess with kitchen staff, they have chilli powder and your food
He cheated so I fucked him after getting creampied
Friends family gets petty revenge against idiot New Yorker.
Working in retail sucks but there are little things you can do to make it better
"Nice move, bro."
I’m a thief!
my deaf teacher shows his hearing student who's boss!
You want to protest? Two can play this game.
Petty revenge with kindness!
Killed her with kindness
Don't Fuck with Your Roommate
I Revenge Stunk Up The Apartment
I hit him with my Hannah Montana school bag
I shit on my asshole neighbor’s driveway
Maybe the customer IS always right...
Cousin eats shit (extreme revenge)
The day my teacher made me cry
Harassed in park
Old Woman Threatens to kill me in park
My friend got looked down at by his family, now it's vise versa.
Put my sister-in-law in her place, apparently not Pro-revenge. However, this was a great revenge for me
Video Course
Racist in need of Mobile Spam
Girl Embarasess me in class, I DESTROY HER FAVORITE PEN!!!
Gym bro tries to shame me, I have the last laugh.
my brother brakes my wall so i steal his favourite thing
Dont mess with my clothes
Petty Hotel Behaviour
Karma is a female dog in clash of clans
Piss Towel
School bully tries to arm wrestle a girl...and loses.
Deleting 12K members from a group that spreads fake news
Deleting 12K members from a group that spreads fake news
too much time on my hands
Removing 12K members from a FB group that spreads fake news
Deleting 12 thousand members from a FB group overnight
Spreading fake news in a 12K member FB group? I'll remove every single member....
Friend got heartbroken because the friend of the guy she was dating broke them up. I broke up his current girlfriend without him realizing it was on purpose.
My neighbor acted like he was going to run me over...ideas?
Toilet seat
I'm in a petty showdown against my mom
Got written up by college instructor, so I forgot how to spell her name
Stole a sleeping bag and sold it on eBay
I stole and sold my ex-friends sleeping bag and sold it on eBay
Using my xbox when I want to use it? Enjoy the movie!
Everybody needs good neighbours!
Grandma tries to throw my stuff out, so I ruin her next week
I vomited all over a corrupt cop demanding my uncle give him $100
Corrupt Police Officer stops my uncle for a Bribe. I vomit all over him
Neighbor throws his snow on our lawn. We block his car from leaving
Some guy spoiled the Red Wedding for me. Two years later, I got my revenge.
Ex is annoying in class, so I get him kicked outBuilders with a bad sense of humor get what they deserved
Hid one puzzle piece from annoying bf
Florida Man
my teacher tried to get my gf to cheat on me
Suitemates throw parties in their dorm at 2AM on weeknights, roommate and I wake them up at 8:00AM when we go to class.
The Man Who Built a 40-Foot Spite Fence Around His Neighbor’s Home
I wet the bed doing what I was told.
Wannna snitch? Alright get your line taken away.
4 months of blissfull silence, two months of non stop reggaeton
Stupid neighbors have to pay early.
An asshole
My family isn't usually the petty type but this is how my Nana decides to be petty to my dad and step mom after I've been kicked out of my Dad and Step-mom's house.
A Special Cologne
Grandma will think twice about waking me at 6:00 AM again
Roommate withholds wifi info, petty revenge is taken
Have fun carting pee pee packages
Not something I did, but I witnessed it.
Why is it impossible to post on this sub??
Some guy ruined the Red Wedding for me. Two years later, I got my revenge.
Sure, I’ll take your shift
Why is it impossible to post on this sub???
Some dude spoiled the Red Wedding of Game of Thrones for me. Two years later, I got my revenge
The battle on tripadvisor of the two French middle aged women
Roommate wouldn’t clean after his dog so I was petty
Revenge on my roommate
Roommate wouldn’t take care of his dog so I was petty
Roommate wouldn’t take care of his dog so I was petty
Cheat and pay the price.
Guy sitting on our seat gets thrown out with vomit all over him.
Neighbour keeps blasting music almost 24/7. I get payback, served COLD.
Headteacher was an absolutely awful person and got a ball to the face.
Petty Milk Revenge with a karen
Looking for a mic-drop moment
Rubbed my sister’s toothbrush in between my ass cheeks.
My best friends family keeps her brother from getting caught cheating
Husbands revenge on neighbors
People of petty revenge, I need your help
Fine. Keep my seat.
My roommate couldn’t clean up after his dog, so I was petty
Dog pee
Dbag kid tries to cheat off me, I make him fail the class.
Grandpa gets nasty
Oopsie
Tripping people up
Take out the trash
Racists asks me out and gets shut down quick
Went to be anoying fin enjoy the smell
Printer vs Popcorn
Now you have to wait even longer
Mess with me by throwing my stuff? Go fetch.
Mess with me by throwing my stuff, go get it. (SHORT)
Very petty revenge on my brother (SHORT)
Sweets Revenge
Best websites to sign someone up for physical junk mail?
Best websites to sign someone up for physical junk mail?
Army Basic training revenge
Getting a well know bully of a cop fired.
Don't wake me up with a generator and then steal my electricity
Need some ideas: Anti-LGBT neighbor
I burned a little girls diamond sword in Minecraft
R/petty revenge
What's the problem with the automod??
Heyhey
Some dude spoiled the Red Wedding for me. Two years later I got my revenge
Hey hey
Looking for ideas to get revenge..
Some guy spoiled the Red Wedding for me. Two years later, I got my revenge.
Some guy spoiled the Red Wedding for me. Two years later I got my revenge. (Post contains spoilers for Game of Thrones)
Some guy spoiled the Red Wedding for me. Two years later, I got my revenge. (Post contains spoilers for Game for Thrones)
Some guy spoiled The Red Wedding for me. Two years later, I got my revenge (Post contains spoilers for Game of Thrones)
Disown me, say goodbye to a decade of work
Best Revenge is a Good Life
For a few years, I sabotaged my old school bullies life.
He tried to sc*m me. It did not end up well.
If it’s change you want, it’s change you shall get
Entitled kid (choosin beggar) got the same treatment as they tried giving me
Revenge on loud neighbors
Don't bully me right before gym
Fired for telling someone not to make rude comments.
I love being petty
Dealing with noisy neighbors.
Tell me my opinion is invalid? Alright. Go Ahead
Should probably pay attention to something other than riding my ass
Petty revenge by stuffed animal
Outed a Grindr psychopath to his family after months of online abuse.
Bratty spoilt rich kid finally got what was coming to him
My wife's ex partner being petty
Hey, don’t be rude
Bully tries to fight me , gets infected by Smallpox and Fever and his face ruined
Steal my bike once, shame on me... steal my bike twice...
To the bike thief, I am not sorry.
I don’t really want revenge. I just want to know what he hiding.
Eat shit Mr. Crow!
Don't get me in trouble. 7 yr olds are vicious, and cat shit is smelly.
1 all Mr. Crow!
Don’t be a shady landlord
Bully gets what she deserved...
r/pettyrevenge Rude Relatives
Thou shall not taunt
Can someone point me to a subreddit to get advice for a situation I’m dealing with?Treat me like a maid? Hope you enjoy living with parents again.
how to stop someone stealing your food
Talk shit about my valid concerns? Enjoy inhaling it while you're at work
why do people take life seriously?!
Revenge on a neighbor hit and run
Don't bully me if you leave your car unlocked
Petty revenge on petty employer
Getting petty revenge on petty employer
Small but sweet petty revenge on petty ex employer
My Dad annoyed me, I put bread in the garden
Taught my new company not to mess with employees
Kind of screwed over a government contractor
Dont mess with my friends and try get away with it
Petty but so good
My brother and who is going to feed the cat food.
6 yrs of hard work until Becky shows up and lies on me. OK. Fine.
Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me.
Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me.
Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me.
i repossessed the bath towels
Enjoy your pea coffee
Unfairly ban me? Have fun with greifers.
Unfairly ban me? have fun with griefers.
So here’s a small victory I just had over my mother.
I did it I let it all out
Morning homework
Advice for deserved punishment of sexual harassment/rape for attacker
Don’t steal My bone
Petty website revenge on a builder who overcharged me £500
Petty website revenge on a builder who was trying to rip me off for £500
Petty website revenge on a builder who was trying to rip me off for £500
Neighbors won't wear masks - they get coughed on.
Clean the french press!!!!
Entitled woman and husband gets destroyed at the airport
Obnoxious, lying, lazy roommate moves out. I "acquire" some minor items.
Boss Forgets Experience Matters
Assistant Manager Gets Butt-hurt When Experience Matters More Than Job Titles
Drink my lemonade every time I go for a pit break? Good luck drinking THAT.
boyfriend's jealous ex comes to visit
You Harass A Teacher, Nearly Paralyze My Friend, Abuse My Classmates, AND Try To Strangle Me? Well Get Rejected By Your Crushes And Embarrassed In Front Of The Whole School! | POSK Chronicles Episode 6
You Harass A Teacher, Nearly Paralyze My Friend, Abuse My Classmates, AND Try To Strangle Me? Well Get Rejected By Your Crushes And Embarrassed In Front Of The Whole School!
You Harass A Teacher, Nearly Paralyze My Friend, Abuse My Classmates, AND Try To Strangle Me? Well Get Rejected By Your Crushes And Embarrassed In Front Of The Whole School!
I spat on a kid
Getting back at someone who got me banned from a discord server
don’t test me
Dont open my mail when im 4000 miles away
I screwed my lazy teammate in a minor group project
I screwed my lazy teammate in a minor assignment
I screwed a lazy teammate on a minor project
ATTENTION REDDIT!! Have you ever wanted to ask someone how they could be so stupid? Well now you can! My now ex boyfriend who is 20, left me for a underage groupie😂 call or text him (469) 584-0162 and ask him how he could leave someone who gave him the work and got his life together:)
Can you please call this: scammer
Will I get in trouble for getting someone’s number spammed with calls?
Former friend (current jack ass) gets petty revenge on me because I quit talking to him
Cute baby animals video compilation Cutest moment of the animals- Soo c...
Poor Pug, Crappy Owner
It's your birthday, huh?
It's your birthday then? So what?
Don’t waste my time
I wished some Jehovas Witnessed a Merry Christmas
Gave teacher “Motivational quote”
Your Fake Credit Card Calls = My Fake Lawyer
Bring Your Own Dishwasher Pods
Me being irritating as fuck
Trying to get my parking spot? I think I'll savor this giant chocolate chip cookie...
If you ever need to drop a toxic person out of your life, always do this first!
How do you like the taste of dirt, Paolo?
A Kevin gets pissed that I get my food before him.
Revange on a jerk cashier
Mike Wazowski :^)
Mike Wazowski Takes Revenge
Chicken shit fertiliser
Is it petty revenge when you get the other guy to do it to himself?
Worst client I've ever worked for
Worst client I've ever worked for
I'm sorry for last evening ;)
We are trying to cause my uncle to lose a lot of money (For now, I am required by Reddit to put this in petty revenge. When all is complete, it will be moved to r/prorevenge)
You don’t want to do your job, you lose your job
Hoisted by his own petard
Yearbook Notes
There's a saying that a dead fish only floats downstream. No fish involved.
Any software/way to make loud high pitch sound in phone to annoy scam callers?
Ex Co-worker plays stupid games, wins stupid prizes
Enjoy the walk of shame
I caused an annoying girl to fail her math test
BRO I'M FIXING!
Two $0 tips in the same night? Oh, I’ll remember...
Failing Half my AP Biology Class
Running into my bitchy former manager.
Vegan cousin gets what she deserves
cheater in school got what they deserved
Wait, we can't even bring in our reusable grocery bags?
Mother abuses her "power", gets screwed over financially
I use dairy products and sneak bits of meat into vegan dishes whenever they are ordered at the restaurant where I work.
Guest at amusement park complains that rides are too short, I give him what he wants
Don't cry over missing milk
Got a kid expelled in elementary
Petty revenge triggers nuclear explosion
No tip = Free Food For Someone in Need
My Homophobic cousins who act like angles in front of the family but won't anymore
Decline my refund, I will make sure you loose a potential client and waste your time.My neighbors leave their dog outside fenced in to run around and bark ALL DAMN DAY.
I hope the coffe was worth it
My dad gets pro revenge on a gym teacher
Blocked my driver's side door, did you?
Vulcan reverse uno the US government
My laundry card
You cheat on me, I steal your entire pokemon team
Petty revenge on a picture thief
I put Tiger Balm in my pocket pussy for revenge
How about trash talk your mom?
Scummy Craglist seller didn't show up to our meetup and ghosted me. Wasted my time and made me drive for nothing. So the next day, I used a fake burner email, pretended to be an interested buyer, and tricked them into driving to the other side of town to where I didn't show up.
That sounded expensive
Got a girl back who kept pranking me
Took WiFi away from neighbor who asked to use it for one day.
Enjoy your daily Bible verses
Need Roommate Revenge Ideas
he ate my meat and cake, made him stay in the toilet for 12 hours
This Evil Tarot Reader Destroyed My Friend, Now I will Destroy her Channel
My petty revenge on my bully in 2nd grade
No tip = free food for homeless
Bully gets what she deserved
Bully gets what she deserved
Nightmare Roommate
A Roommate Nightmare
Open doors are a security risk? OK, have fun outside then!
Take me clothes out of the washing machine and enjoy yours at a hot cycle
Drown out my music with yours, I play the long game!
Some one stole my laundry card
Don't judge a customer by his clothing, or you'll lose 30+ years worth of business from him
This Is What Happens When You're Hard Work Pays Off in Fighting Games
Chemistry Professor Puts a Laxative in my Grandpa’s beer
Oh no they didn't
Scummy Craglist seller didn't show up to our meetup and ghosted me. Wasted my time and made me drive for nothing. So the next day, I used a fake burner email, pretended to be an interested buyer, and tricked them into driving to the other side of town to where I didn't show up.
Send dick pics on my time???!!!
My Laundry card
My Laundry Card
Teacher Punishes the Class Unfairly, Class Clown Gets Revenge
Uncle fired me unfairly after I put in my two weeks, so I took back a folder of mine used to file papers that I bought with my own money.
My petty revenge on my brother
Classmate commits plagiarism, blames me because of a wifi screw-up, I rat him out about bribes.
At least I tried to tell her
I signed my ex-best friend up for the Scientology newsletter.
Deleted my sisters favorite photos from her instagram
A story about a boat
I let a man get robbed.. in revenge
Can't prop doors open? Well, have fun trying to get back in!
I got angry with my parents
No one messes with my sister
I ruin "Banana in Pyjamas" for my family
Follow a car and get arrested
You may have won the battle but I won the war
Double mc revenge
I’ll bleed for you
Smashed Origami
Try to elbow your way to the front at a gig? I'll guess I'll just sing to every song
Honk at me while I sit in my own driveway? Enjoy being blocked in!
They had it coming
Friend accuses me of stealing money, money was found later in his bag.
Crappy teacher ignores me, I get the entire class to ignore her!
Take our buses, make my roommate try to kill himself... I'll take the thing you love dearest...
Bully me, Have fun not having your crush like you
I signed my ex-best friend up for the Scientology newsletter.
I went around a slow car, he turned his brights on, I got behind him again and did it too
Dude gets revenge on a snitch that got him fired.
Teacher hated me (and others) and tried to push me out of my assigned seat? Enjoy being annoyed for the rest of the semester!
Can't prop a door open for a breeze? Have fun walking around the building!
Dominos pizza
I taught my bf to use a laundry basket
You asked, it's off!
The time I won against a Karen... with mac and cheese.
Steal my food? Enjoy your cold!
Anti-theft bras
My mom had to individually separate spaghetti noodles.
Where are the spoons?
Update 2 on the neighbors with the 10 dogs.
I pretended to be a deaf girl
I will pretend to be half deaf
So I am pretty petty
Minecraft Revenge
Lady constantly asks my mom for cigarettes... gets revenge on her immediately... ( I don't know if this goes on here)
Not bothered to clean okay not its in your draw
Enter Shoeman
The old uno reverse card
12 year old destroys bully
i got robbed and i need help with some petty revenge
Left work two hours early on my last day... in the middle of a rush
Corona's revenge on my husband's ex wife.
It was 80% My Fault!?
I'll get you wet
My dog got back at my brothers
Buried and gone
My dad gets some small revenge on some annoying teens.
Teacher Bullies Entire Class And Pays For It In The Form Of 30 Free Milkshakes
Horrific Teacher Bullies Entire Class, Including a Disabled Student, And Pays For it by Giving Out Free Milkshakes to All Students!
Gave my stalker what he needed
I got my sister back
I silenced a snitch
Getting my weekly e-sass-entials
Got a co worker back I hated
My little brother is the king of petty‘Petty revenge in roblox
Punched my friends bully in the face. Then got him suspended for it.
Punched my friends bully in the face. Then got him suspended for it.
The school counselor called me a liar.
Go pick up your card
Xbox Developer gets banned after wrongly banning me.
Cheat on a zookeeper and insult her behind her back? Enjoy a VERY stinky breakup.
Why are posts that sound funny being deleted?
My cousin took my parking spot so I made sure she couldnt park anywhere near the house
Drunk A**hole loses shoe
How he came to be known as Eggplant
Eggplant
Eggplant
Bully ruined my paper so I ruined his dignity
Take advantage of me? I'm patient and petty
The best software to grow on instagram
Serving up some petty revenge.
Neighbor problems
Ok. I'll show you why you should've listened to my advice.
I taught my teacher her place.
Cost this POS 1000$ for messing with us
Had It Coming To Him
Enjoy your industrial lube
Grindr revenge at ex homophobic bully
Deadpool Monopoly leads to pettiness
Ruining a wedding reception for fun and profit!
Boxing up ex’s papers.
Don't put my laundry on the ground
uncle homeless and jobless over $100 loan, karma catches up
Eye for an Eye, spoil for spoil
I suspended my parents phone lines
Mess with my wife's garden, enjoy some damage.
It felt good.
I won a small victory on my history teacher
Bank staff make a shithead regret his actions.
Bitchy neighbor gets big mad
Just a penny
IDIOT Man Throws Car Keys At Complete Stranger, Ordering Him To "PARK HIS CAR!"
Smokey gets his...
Grandma can't take her paid vacation during global pandemic? Early retirement it is.
A dish best served petty.
How my friends figured out I wasn't interested in them. -_-
Service with a smile for "karen"
Manager wants to argue with me on my out, enjoy being even more understaffed
The boys all helped me get even
Update on the neighbors with the 8 dogs who think they don’t have to clean up their poop.
Enjoy your flight
Neighbors call in fake noise complaints, we make them miserable.
I wrote a satirical play about my professor for his class
Oh you decided to physically hurt me, you get to smoke an entire colony of my children
I wrote a satirical play about my awful creative writing professor... for his class
Kick Me in The Balls, I'll Ruin Your Future
My sister's ex-boyfriend which I absolutely hate once slapped my beloved 10-year-old nephew. This is how I took my revenge and most importantly avenged the smol boi in a couple assorted petty manners:
Laundry Mountain and the Classic Nice-Guy Act
You said it wasn't important.
How I met my Wife with Revenge
Using my Xbox while I want to use it? Enjoy the movie!
Using my Xbox when I want to use it? Enjoy the movie!
Using my Xbox? No
Using my Xbox while I want to use it? Enjoy the movie!
You want to outbid me, huh? Enjoy paying double for everything.
Count On Me
Sexually harassed by my mothers ex boyfriend
Piss me off? Die of boredom
Piss me off? Die of boredom
Light: Being a shitty brother gets you a shittier brother.
Turning my Roommates Room into the Dump
NEWSFLASH: Water is a petty female dog
Baby shark revenge
I turned the "fake lottery ticket" joke around on my kids
This sub is toxic and you're all living in your own little worlds
I need help I got the phone number of my childhood bully can you guys spam them 7380630258 and +1 (425) 241-9702
went paint balling with my bully
Stabbed my childhood bully in the back - metaphorically, with a paintball
“One for a lying daughter and another for an unfaithful husband.”
“Thank God I didn’t get it”
If you're going to be a jerk, don't embezzle.
Guy Told my supervisor I did drugs when I didn't and got him fired!
You Bully My Friends with language which you dont know the meaning of? Fine, you’ve lost your innocence!
How I made bratty Thumbelina stop flirting with my boyfriend
Bully called out for lack of knowledge by teacher.
My new boss forced me to work for another department and tries to swindle me out of money so he could look good for his superiors. Ends up showing the opposite.
Best friend farted in my face
You spoil the ending of a show and I do too.
Got a slice of revenge against my jerk of a band teacher.
Cheating fuckboy exposed on podcast
Use my sugar and lie? Enjoy your soapy oatmeal!
SO PETTY...cheating fuckboy gets exposed on a podcast 😂
A short one for y'all
Dont know if this belongs here, but here ye go
What to do with the child molesters ashes?
How I got an endless eating machine to stop eating my food.
Petty Animal Revenge
Never start it but always end it
Guy refused to pay us after cleaning up leaves, we put them back.
How I made bratty Thumbelina stop flirting with my boyfriend
Elder sister treats me as her servant, so I ruined her lunch
You want to put my immunocompromised kid at risk for coronavirus? Fine, then I quit!Mid Revenge
Simple yet effective
The time a student tried to embarass me and I served it back with interest.My Teacher Put an Annoying Brat in Her Place.
Ruining a relationship and a career
I Stuck it to a Face Camper on Dead by Daylight
I Stuck It To a Face Camper on DBD
Gave my controling mum a taste of her own medicine
Petty Politics
I Stuck It To a Face Camper on DBD
The time my ex wanted a guitar back.
My ex is being a dick, calling me psycho for having feelings, threatening to get a restraining order for harassment’ and gaslighting me so...:
People don’t like to be censored.
My jello
Bike Thief Gets What's Coming to Them
Petty Revenge on lazy Mcdonalds worker.
"THERE'S ONLY ONE FOUR-EYED F*GGOT HERE, AND IT'S ME!"
Highschool Hallways
Four-Eyed F*ggot
Struggle over baby wipes
You let me go, and now you want me to fix it? That'll cost you!
Racist boss gives inspiring speeches
Don't make fun of my disability
My run in with a Karen while pumping gas
Want me to pay the entry fee? Fine, but I won't win
Redhead from hell ex-girlfriend
Sweet smelly revenge.
Sweet smelly revenge.
Don't insult your only employee if you don't know how to manage your own business.
My two year long awaited revenge.
Petty prank
You’re in a hurry? Too bad!
An ex-boss had it coming
No, I'm not an asian stereotype.
You wanna be rude I guess we’ll just loose
Grandma stole my notepad, i stole it back
Bought water just for myself, because she told me to.
You better lock your car if you want to cheat in it.
Using me for a shortcut? Have fun getting out of a sea of thorns!
Litterbugs Miss Lights
Using me for shortcut? Have fun getting your legs slashed up by thorns!
Let us wait and see how much time you'll waste re-filling those numbers in.
Stuck it to The Man by being a brat
Toilet paper
If I can't have the bread no one can
No, I have used phone's longer than you, so I know what you are doing is wrong.
Betray me. Enjoy losing money and getting suspended.
Inflating Rude Customers Grocery Bills
An Internet gift for an ex...
Harass me on Carousell? Get your account suspended.
You want THAT horse? Well, I wanted what you stole from me.
You want that horse? Well I wanted what you stole from me.
You want that horse? Well I want what you stole from me.
You want that horse? Well I wanted what you stole from me.
Revenge on people breaking quarantine and 6 foot distance
J rep upload she burned I burned her
j rep upload esus I Hope this fucking binch burns in hell what the fuck what the fuck (re -Upload removed for sexist)
So, I blocked Fox News on my family's Dish Network and they can't figure out how to unblock it.
Sellers Misrepresented House We Bought
Racist Choir Teacher gets turned on
Harass me on Carousell? Get your account suspended
Steal my Easter Egg, You’re not getting tea.
Honk at me while I sit in my own driveway? Enjoy being blocked in!
His roommate put lube in his shampoo
i destroy a naive trump sopporter
Petty Revenge on hated HS teacher by cleaning my puke!
I can pay the entry fee, but I won't win
Mom makes me to go somewhere without letting me know, so get myself banned from there
HS Neighbor kid wakes me up me at odd hours, asking for my credit card, i'll make your parents pay..
Brother was a terrible house guest, so I exploited his phobia
when i stole a lady’s food
A little quarantine revenge for your quarantine.
Giving out his number
Harass me on Carousell? Get your account suspended.
Bully me for ages, then threaten to kill me? Enjoy getting a suspension!
my bf is cheating, here is my plan
The smelliest bonfire.
Use my Xbox account and buy games on my card? Fine, I won't let you play them.
My come back for being called a whore
Mothers day revenge
Sister puts lotion on toilet seet, wakes up to a pair of poopy under were
Don't be a leech
I made the person that tried to shame my bottle feeding cry by telling a terrible lie.
Photographer learned not to mess with me. I doxxed him and get him suspended
Petty revenge ideas for terrible neighbor
My attempt at revenge turned out better than expected
For the birds
My bf ruined my self esteem by not having sex with me so I made myself more attractive and constantly turn him down
Funniest Revenge(Maybe) Ever
Don't throw rubbish from cars
My mom, Petty Queen
Spoilt co-workers tomato sauce.
The time I made a little boy cry.
A little 🖕 to my old school
I’m a horrible girl
Stolen Pokemon cards. Stolen again.
You scammed me? This is what you deserve.
You scammed me? Perfect, I'll have your account shut down.
Vegan B gets her just desserts
Drunk people in hotel room next to me
Petty revenge on scammer.
Petty revenge on rude parker
Let's get roudyFired for unprofessional reasons, colleagues beg me to drop screenshots to my boss. Need pro tips
Niece cleans up with petty vengeance...
How I got revenge on my school bully
Enjoy your soapy oatmeal!
What are some good sites (besides Craiglist) I can use someone's phone number for payback?
Ex feels like his child support takes care of ME instead of our child...but I finally got my revenge after hearing the BS for 4 years. I’m so damn petty.
What wrong with the Xbox?
Doughnut Shop Hero!!
Bad teacher
These Fourth graders
Roommate made my college life a living hell, I made her last week a nightmare (not really)
The magic of the magazine "bingo cards" Just sign the SOB up for everything!
The magic of the magazine "bingo cards" Just sign the SOB up for everything!
Didn't let me play on the Xbox well here is a revenge
Monkey see, monkey do
Revenge advice - what to do with their iPhone?
Classmate learned not to touch my candy
I was the petty revenge victim and 38 years later it’s still funny to me.
Farming revenge
Pressured into dropping my grade
Fishing for revenge
Revenge advice request - I have control of my SO’s iPhone
Coffee Thieves takes a Poop
Dining Room vs Front Line...
Loud Neighbors Having a Cocktail Hour... You Asked For It!
Girl Guide Camp
I ruined my ex's relationship because she is a cheater..
Corrected dude who talked shits grammar constantly
Midnight Revenge
my ex best friend is now madly in love with my ex boyfriend.....but he’s still fucking me
Enjoy your soapy oatmeal!
Don't know if this goes here but my grandmother fell victim to a scammer and lost a sizeable amount of money so I make it my mission to get revenge on all scammers who contact me.
Non lethal contact poison?
Enjoy your ride.
I trick my middle school bully into failing a test
I trick my middle school bully into failing a test
Complaining about noise? Note taken.
kids yell i have coronavirus but its asthma
Giving Out Some "Unsweet" Revenge
My neighbors partied and kept me awake.
I Destroyed My Ex's Relationship And I Honestly Don't Regret It
My girlfriend is obsessed with saving every little penny she can on electricity. I'm terrified of catching this virus and she couldn't care less.
Cheating ex’s email is RUINED
Roomie gets a hold of my nudes and sexts!
Mrs. Lockhart Gets Exposed
dumb neighbor revenge
Leave the gate open now.
I was the first to thoroughly expose a "Masked" asshole
Sneaky Sean, Sly Sunny, Magnificent Me and the Spicy Bears.
Just try using it!
bitchy kid tries to attack me and gets what he deserves
Taking Revenge on Rude Lady as a Customer
I fired a former supervisor who treated me poorly and fired me
Keep gaming? You’ll have to sit through this then
Whole Foods shopping cart police
Crazy girl’s bully behavior gets put on blast
Crazy girl’s bully behavior gets put on blast
Crazy girl’s bully behavior gets put on blast
We Love Icecream!!!
Internet Warrior learns he's not so tough.
Shine a light? Feel the burn
I schooled my coworker on company rules
Make me lose sleep over how loud you are. I'll make you feel embarassed in front of your mates
Petty Revenge Against Mentally Abusive Cheating Ex Girlfriend
I made a classmate that I hated cry on the last day of school
Never Again Volunteer Yourself
she has a mustache
She has a mustache
She has a mustache
Need Help! Neighbors are blasting music
Someone gave my mom's house number to literally tons of real estate agents
Caught in the act..
Love seeing people stealing my lunch, my favorite food revenge on the way.
Getting revenge in Minecraft
Epic online class revenge
Maybe some revenge and help?
Ex found out our babys name from the local newspaper!
Are you sure that's not your's?
Getting extremely petty revenge on my sister.
She didn't log out my phone. Lol
Old company wouldn't take my phone number off the list for clients to contact.
I revenge spoiled a Game of Thrones
Don’t eat my food, I’ll leave you with food you can’t eat.
Friend Spoiled Avengers Endgame Revenge
TV Spoiler Revenge on my friend
Down With The Duchess
I Revenged Spoiled Parts of GoT after Endgame Was Spoiled for Me.
Someone trolled me so I found there IRL info
Taught a coworker a lesson in revenge.
Taught a coworker a lesson in revenge.
Taught a coworker a lesson in revenge.
Taught a coworker a lesson in revenge.
Taught a coworker a lesson in revenge.
Taught a coworker a lesson in revenge.
Ex should have changed PS4 account when I asked....
Petty revenge on loaders
Crazy Old Guy wants to use TV, so I let him.
Taught a coworker a lesson
Taught a coworker a lesson
Catalina RevengeHorrible bully teacher calls parents in to punish student, nearly gets sued instead
Horrible bully teacher calls in parents to punish kid, nearly gets sued instead
Phone hide and seek
Taught a coworker a lesson in petty revenge.
Taught a coworker a lesson in petty revenge.
Taught a coworker a lesson in petty revenge.
Bully me throughout school? I’ll just call you out on your bs on Insta because I can’t think of anything better
Life Fail
don't piss me off or I'll have to PISS you off too - literally
My parents will never mess with my smartass again
Elevator Revenge
A company gave out 10,000 flyers that had my phone number on them.
My mom asked for her car back
Don't have beef with a vegetarian.
My mom asked for her car back
Lose my stuff I lose your stuff.
Found my ex-gf's porn page last night.
Lose my shit I lose your shit
Fridge raider
Be careful what you wish for mom.
Embracing the Infestation : Petty Revenge On Lazy, Psycho Roommates (Long)
Don’t park your car there. You were warned !
Play a prank? Use you ears to listen to what you need to write down
Fall from Grace
My mom asked for her car back
Another Barking Dog
Neighbors Fighting All Night &amp; Sleep All Day. I Wake Them Up At 8am EVERY MORNING!
Adding a little spice never hurt anyone.
Dog Barks All Night?
Got reported for "being lazy" while on my lunch
Cashier gave me free groceries because EM cut in line.
You don't wanna talk to me? OK!
You don't want to talk to me? OK!
You don't want to talk to me? OK!
Bringing my lunch during Chinese Plague times results in Habaneo Chile Burrito
Pallet revenge
Freeloader student gets gravy train cut off
Don't put our dog in danger- we will make sure you regret it.
He Stole my Sister’s Scooter, I Broke his Hand.
So I’m at work right now. A lady comes in and already starts being demanding.
Toxic friend screws me over and over so I leave her in a different city in the middle of the night
Annoying neighbor gets what's coming for trying to control my choices.
Co-Worker Eats My Food. Gets Several Calls from Colleges
Crazy girls bully behavior gets put on blast for loved ones to see
Neighbors call the cops on themselves
Homophobic neighbors call the cops on themselves
How I got back at a GTA griefer
i steal my mums favorite tea cup
The time a Halloween Prank turned into Police breaking up a party.
Pilot Scares Controller Out of the State
Keep the change you succubus hag
This is small even for a petty revenge but still: I’m not wishing my SO’s youngest’s brother’s psycho gf a happy birthday today.
Here’s your “Decaf non-fat” Vanilla Latte
Class bully gets his leg pulled
Mexican Karen has to pay full price for meat.
"Quick, How do you Spell Yaoi?"
"Quick, How do you Spell Yaoi?"
The church's Spanish service is in English. I wonder out loud where the Spanish is. A lady stands up and tells me.
Revenge on mom that leaves other people’s doors open but wants me to close hers
You want us to take out the recycling? Okay, we’ll take out our recycling.
Fall you little crap
Getting petty on my husband’s ex wife
The time I got my back on a distuptive student
Force me to retrieve food for someone else, lose food yourself
How do I get the shithead next door to pay?
Revenge against my dealers ex
Uncle Gets Kicked Out, His Revenge
Helped a friend pack up her ex's stuff, made sure to pack EVERYTHING of his...
My sister was an asshole
Need Petty Revenge Help for Shitty Former Housemate Cancelling Our Essential Utilities
Dear redditors of petty revenge, what is the best way to get back at my noisy neighbors?
Price Adjustment Mayhem
Cat's revenge
Summer school, and the petty revenge of an English teacher
I get treated badly because i walk their dog. Queue the pettiness
Let you cat come into my backyard and leave dead animals everywhere? Ok, pay a fine to a shelter.
Guess you wont be using your phone now
Getting justice for my milk
Entitled Cousin, gets the "petty revenge" she deserver
Tanks for nothing!
Tanks for nothing, bitch.
Guy makes fun of me pays the price
petty revenge on loud upstairs neighbors
Petty and nasty. But effective.
Oh think you’re band would be better off without me? Shame you still need me to get somewhere
My annoying flatmate.
The Chunky Chocolate Milk
That’s the wrong account number you say?
friends ignored me at a club, publicly shamed them in front of the whole school
Put Roommate in “Psych Experiment”
petty revenge in the form of hardware
Revenge of the Baked Potato
The story of when I finally snapped at my horrible college roommate
Revenge on friend
my brother woke me with the ferret, imma do the same
Hostile Bank Manager
Left a co-worker stranded an hour away from his home at a store.
Left a co-worker stranded an hour away from his home at a store.
soz in advance for reading all this
My dad gave my cats food they weren't supposed to eat. I locked the container for itCrazy girl’s bully behavior put on blast
You're going to screw me over on the group project? You best be prepared.
Petty revenge and a argument
Let me do all the work? Alright, but don't blame me when I make it crash
Asking for advice for possible revenge (?)
Paralyzed my bully
Put your shirt down
Sis gets revenge on EX after he steals her car keys
Sis gets revenge on EX
My dad gets revenge on a Karen
I’d rather be....
E
HELP! TELL ME HOW TO GET A REVENGE ON MY BRO!!!
Well, you pissed off a songwriter, and that's not my problem
Dads 21st birthday party
She put ramen in his coat pocket
This is very small revenge🐵
My brother read my diary, so I found revenge in the laundry
Telling me to f off? Ok!
Update: vaccuming the ceiling to shut the noisy neighbors up.
Picked her up and called the boyfriend.
Don’t be a dick if you want to get somewhere
Micro(wave) Aggression
So you think the new guy is a loser.....
If you wanted a break on rent you shouldn't have broken the lease and ignored me when I asked you to stop.
Crazy girl’s bullying behavior exposed
Company who stole op's products and asked him to write an instruction guide for them gets deliciously owned
Easter sunday prank
How my mum drove my grand ma crazy
Crazy girl’s bullying behavior exposed to friends/family/acquaintances
Random internet girl acted like a bitch; her shitty character was then exposed to her friends/family/acquaintances
Anna has to learn to be nice!
Her car paid the price
"reseller" took credit for all of my custom build and rebranded them. They asked me write an instruction guide. I wrote a nice one and shipped it with each unit. Then the complaints started....
Bad Suitemate Tap Danced to Insanity
Dad told me of this story of him in high school,
Call Me A Bad Name? Enjoy Having Next To No Money!
Shotglass Revenge
I got scammed by a redemption company so I prank called them and then spoiled endgame
Got an annoying piece of crap banned from his favorite server
I have a somehow light to petty revenge on a spammer on Discord.
classmate ruined friend's book, so we came up with a plan
My cheating ex got pissy when I got petty
Ruined My Life and I Took Her Mans
Pettiness made her fat?
Petty revenge in the office. Part 2 – Scheduling
Act like a prick? Enjoy teaching off of an ipad.
Shine your iPad in my face late at night? Let's see how you like it.
Sniffin' Things
Refuse to mow the lawn while my husband is injured? No problem. I’ll do it.
Being rude when calling to a call center for help? Wait another 20 minutes
I finally got some well earned revenge against my parents.
Don't like loud sport cars? Allow me to play the Song of the Subie for you.
Petty revenge in the office
Being rude when calling to a call center for help? Wait another 20 minutes
Oh, you are being rude and unreasonable? Wait another 20 min
Turn a 5 minute coffee run into a 2 hour road trip and cold coffee.
A Karen thinks she knows more than the actual people that work there
New neighbors
Worked with a total condescending bitch at an academic company. Was able to get her back by signing her up for far right and Scientology groups.
Group member slacks off on not one presentation but two and I am Petty-boop
She Ruined My BF's Life, She Stole From Me, SO I Stole Her BF
Getting revenge on the girl who broke up me and my BF
The yeti and the pass
Never Forget a Thief
Can someone find me a ted talk video that will tastefully piss off my professor?
Keep me up all night and I’ll return the favor
Kid gets owned
Miss, excuse me, but you lost something.
Insider trade-in comes back to haunt Manager.
Petty banana
Keep on smiling!
I’m not sure this counts because I wasn’t looking for it.
Define petty
Trash-y neighbor
Taxi driver hits my cousin's dog with his taxi , we make him crash his taxi into a house
The masticated cupcake
You make noise until 3 A.M. I have to clean up at 8 A.M.
"We're a farm business, we don't have to pay minimum wage"
Stop cord on the bus is a shared responsibility
A chance for petty revenge my dear people.
Enjoy your damp clothes, bro
My New Neighbour Wants To Be Rude, So Be It
My Mom's Payment
Just bought the name-sake domain of this bitch at work and directed it to Rick Astley, lol. Could I up my game without crossing any lines?
Woman parks In front of my dads truck and trailer so my dad give me the go ahead to key her car
How I made my little sis cry
Throwing turds in the tree
Soon I will show you what real noise is.
The tale of Mrs. Dupriest and the 3rd-grade class
Online revenge /Findings
Loud neighbours
Just helped Karma do it’s job :)
Got my groceries stolen during Covid-19
The Phone never got answered
Don't mess with your employees
The Battle of the Toilet Paper Hoarder, as told by my nephew.
Package thief won't ever steal again
Might have gone a bit too far with this one. Package Thief revenge.
Dont want to clean? Ok then...I blackmailed a pervert boy into calling the strip club
Homophobic? Congratulations, your store is now a gay clubland
Harass me at my job for 2 years? Enjoy being banned for a quarter.
I peed in my Ex StepDad’s styling gel.
Woman unnecessarily harassess other customers and gets a slice of oh so sweet petty revenge
You Want Paperwork? She’s Got Paperwork
Call me names and harm me for years? Have fun having no internet connection.
How I Catch A Food Thief
How I Catch A Food Thief
How I Catch My Food Thief
tiny funny story:)
I am Mr Brightside
Act like an entitled arsehole at school? Enjoy getting in trouble when you aren't even in
Free shipping
I peed in the parking garage of my company every day for weeks
Some chick keeps using my email address
Stay the hell off my wheelchair
Get me banned of of a server I liked? Pay me everything I paid for on that server.
Brother plays music in the shower too loud
Kick me out after everything I've done for you? Ok
The time I got ran over
I vandalized my neighbors car because they tried to kill my dog
I Exposed a Cheater
Speeding Karen, not concerned about the safety of others.
TLDR; my con man father is on house arrest with watching DVDs on daughter's Xbox as his only form of entertainment. He cusses me out so I leave and take the Xbox with me.
No Tips for you...
I want to do some petty revenge on my aunt.
Burrito Bowl Revenge
My noisy upstairs neighbor got a nice alarm this morning.
Need ideas on how to get back at noisy upstairs neighbor!
Putting a perv in his place while accidentally getting him arrested.
Kid throws ball at friend we throw ball in dumpster
you thought sis
Hmmm
Girl spreads a rumor about my friend and I. Gets in school suspension!
Wanna dump your trash on my 71 year old mother’s lawn? Ok, just don’t be surprised when you get a cleaning bill from the city!
The magical deathcore car ride
You fuck with my sourdough, I fuck with you.
Cheating Boyfriend Betrayed by His Good Christian Sister in the Best Possible Way
Idiot throws ball at my friend so we throw the ball in a dumpster
I tap danced my shitty suitemate to insanity for bullying my best friend
5TH Grade Rivalry
Park in a disabled parking spot? I hope you're not in a hurry...
you beat a kid? i beat you!
My grandpa got revenge on a rude lady (not a Karen)
Please just let us sleep!
You sure you wanna do that? You know what, fine. Go ahead and ruin your finances and credit.
Should I (M19) remain vengeful towards my mother for reading my diary?
Neighbour drops rubbish and cigarette butts over our fence sometimes, so I dropped an untied dog poo bag in their bin.
Revenge on the most judgemental balloon
Brother pisses me off says goodbye to toothbrush
Petty revenge on my ex boyfriend!
Fairy Types are Weak? Fight me.
Annoy me? I'll break your SD Card with all your music saved on it.
Pretty Petty Mint
Got a little somethin’ over on my husband’s messy ex.
Karma bit my bullies bowels this semester
Need revenge
The ex that wouldn’t leave
X husband lost his car over a cell phone
Bring on the barking
Tale of the Haunted TV
[F] Putting my frenemy [F] on the hot seat
If you're going to violate quarantine and disparage people who clean then fuck your photos
I Served You Decaf for Two Years
Entitled mother gets Mad after Revenge on me and my friend
I stole...
Don't bite the hand.
Entitled Lady Leaves From Frustration
Beep at me when forced to slow down? Enjoy the slow journey
Stepson wanted to be a thug, I deleted all his playlists
Cheaters don't get toilet paper
All I asked was for you to leave my laundry alone
Karen tries to brag about her son and gets hit with the harsh truth
Never forget that you're someone's reason to smile...
I don’t want to hurt my abusive ex, just want to annoy the crap out of him
Drinking and rafting, rafting and drinking
Got petty revenge on abusive ex boyfriend.
Got a secret on my mom no one knows about
Some spiced-up tinder date
Revenge on someone lip syncing to my covers and claiming it as theirs
My Neckbeard Coworker
Revenge on a bully that I not only got away with, but got him berated for it instead
Got annoyed at my manager
Citing a local building code? Two can play that game.
Get in and get out
Just signed up someone for a Scientology membership
Greedy neighbours cat.
Email revenge
It's my Dad's so give it back
Ruin my semester? I’ll isolate you in your own apartment.
Getting revenge on Minecraft
Husband "ate" his words
My brother took my cookies, oops now his phone is cracked.
Keep on smiling!
End of the year gift was given to everybody. Well almost every body.
Got revenge on an uncle after years
My brother wants me to fetch the pepper so he dosn‘t habe to walk into the kitchen. Now he has to walk twice.
He took my mug, so I stole his beer glasses
He Stole My Mug, So I Stole His Beer GlassesIt’s a title! Wow! I’m so creative!
Try and cut off my hair? I dont think so!
a short story about my neighbours
Flatmate kept using my stuff without asking, so I tampered with hers.
Mean religion elementary teacher had it coming
Bigoted elementary religion teacher had it coming
My MIL referred to me as a Bruja {Witch} behind my back.
refusing to listen to my Assistant Principals homophobia then making him regret it
Need help being petty to downstairs neighbor keeping me up
I annoy my history teacher se much in 8th grade.
Sorry
Wealthy woman tries to steal from Church fundraiser
Revenge in German
She had a horse and his name was Dick
I made my roommate drink my piss for an entire year.
Petty about masks? You lost more business than the cost of one mask.
Never yell at your employees while you are in another room
I shared insults a man sent me on Facebook Marketplace to his friends
Manager refused to promote me so I told our coworkers his secret
revenge on a back-stabbing girlfriend
My most savage one-liner comeback.
My neighbour lets their kid blast their music? I'll do the same
Need help with some fb revenge
When you’re done with the bathroom FLUSH THE FU**ING TOILET.
I told ya but You didnt listen to me
The chocolate bar thief
My cousin ruined easter for me, so i ruined his holidays
Don't start what you can't finish
I told a woman and her baby that I was sick with coronavirus...
Neighbor using my address without asking
salty revenge . . which kinda backfired
I sent my former boss an army off Karen
“Kid begging” I’ll it to give everyone but you
Everyone text this cheater for me
Coworker made fun of my job, a friend helped me drive him slowly crazy as revenge.
Failing On Purpose
My teacher tried to correct me, but I corrected her
How can I spam someones # anonymously?
Guy punches my car window, gets a DUI
Never cheat off me...
Littering A-hole
Drunk Neighbor Flashes a Police Officer- Gets Arrested!
Another user was a complete dick so I went out of my way (pics)
Take your meds.. PLEASE
A quarter well spent...
The Story of the "Golden" Ticket
Foster carer hits me. I mess with the cooking.
Foster carer hit me. I mess with the cooking.
Small petty revenge on a school jerk
The perfect little domino effect for a school bully.
When flattened tires turn into creative therapy
Orange you going to put that in the trash?
Kid destroys my 200 member ROBLOX group, so I destroyed his future in a 13k member group.
Move your car
My dad is having revenge
Half Price Books fired 2000 people during pandemic
Don’t cut the line!
A girl i talked to for a while became toxic and is now a hater. I now wanna be petty.
Oh, you got banned from Reddit? Might as well request your subreddit.
Don't throw your gloves on the ground!
Made her feel bad for trying to laugh at the wrong time
Friend absolutely destroys an attempted kidnapper
I made a girl question her looks because she ignored my text.
Revenge on homophobic step dad
Neighbor complained about dogs barking
A little revenge over a ditch
So much trouble over a simple ditch.
uncivilized, self centered, narcissist neighbors from revenge.
My revenge on a friend-turned bully
My small revenge on Cheapy-McI'mTooImportantToBeTurnedAway
Enforcing Personal Hygiene
Don't like my cats but let your dog crap on my lawn - game on.
Mean coffeeshop owner gets what's coming for her.
Be nice to call center workers.
Should I report a racist peace officer? how do I go about it?
Some idiot stole 250 dollars from me
using their credit card pin as my passcode
Asshat needs a new phone
Funfetti
Best legal prank to play on someone's house?
Pandemic petty
My mom messes with her annoying pharmacist.
Harry Potter and the Petty Revenge
The Asshole Discount (x-post r/assholetax)
I don’t think I’ll be able to take that shift
My colleague has been rude to me lately so for revenge I got her office crush to ask me to get coffee with him in front of her.
Revenge on Raving Neighbors
Saving my school from the gang of bullies
dye them pink
Revenge in front of millions
My friend throws a rubber at a teachers butt
Dinner is Served
Dinner is Served!
Enjoy the junk mail and vomit!!
Revenge served.........salty?
Im trying to get revenge
I'm trying to get revenge on a pedophile
Stupid bully
Posting pictures of everything I eat tomorrow, because of pushy Mormon FIL.
Narcissistic RoommatesI accidentally made I contact with a girl in class and she asked me what I was looking at.
Insult my favorite streamer? Get verbally destroyed.
Insult my favorite streamer? Get verbally obliterated.
An Otter is an Unpleasant Situation
I spilled water and got my brother's socks wet
Try to bully me? I may not be able to hurt you, but I know someone who can
Try to bully me? I may not be able to hurt you, but I know someone who can
Netflix Fresh Accounts
Snarky in Science
This guy hacked my postmates and is smart enough to leave his phone number.
Zoom meeting
Teaching HOA to stop telling non members how to live.
revenge on a back-stabbing girlfriend
A guy doesnt like that I blocked him in with my ambulance
ancient petty revenge
Ancient petty revenge
Cheat on me and it's going to cost you
Liquid ass
My grass wont get cut because of the neighbour who wont move his car
Taking it Out on my POS Flatmate
Some of us girls have had enough of creeps.
Play nice or no game for you
revenge call
Be Nice To The Neighbors.....
Yard Cleanup
I’m not even mad, I’m impressed.
Breakroom Burrito Surprise!
A Karen yells at my autistic brother, but then her life becomes He//
A bang in the night
Try and rack up debt against my address? Have your FB profile freely visible? Hope you don't mind if I hand over your personal info to the companies you're trying to steal from
I'm considering becoming a manager at the workplace of somebody who doesn't like me and firing them
Karen goes the long way.
Revenge
Revenge is Justice
Working in customer care offers an unlimited pool of resources and people to remember
Seatmate offering bribe got a failing mark
Try and rack up debt against my address? Have your FB profile freely visible? Hope you don't mind if I hand over your personal info to the companies you're trying to steal from
Max Bulking my roommate
Angry Karen misses light after screaming bloody murder at me
Made a guy get kicked out of his house
Late to online classes,Dad and my alarm.
Landlady &amp; Crazy Daughter Saga
If you can't skip classes to go watch a movie, you can't expect to be invited when classes get cancelled.
Petty revenge on a hacker
holier than thou college roommate
Epic revenge on an ex
I Was Accused Of Robbery And Almost Arrested. I Got Revenge!
Old lady falsely accused me and a few others of harassing her dog. Everyone harassed her afterwards
You're gonna bully me? Well you're not gonna get a $50 gift.
Leathers always your friend
Best friend's stepmom forces him to cut off all contact from me and gets spammed
Man tried to steal my website, so I exposed him
No Cake For You
Oh no, you can't have the cake, I wouldn't want you to get fat.
Westboro babtist church gets owned by combat vets.
Don’t want to help with group project? Enjoy being humiliated in front of the whole class!
Earlier today, my mom thought it was gonna be fun locking her cabinet because she’s mad at me so I jammed the lock, she had to break it open and now it’s mangled, broken, and won’t even shut completely.
Karen buys out TP and tries to sell it to the community
Earlier today, my mom thought it was gonna be fun locking her medicine cabinet because she’s mad at me
Older woman is a bitch, she has to wait in line
Won't return my money, say goodbye to your fuel pipe
Call my best friend a horrible name, don't be on the opposite team from me
Caught my ex cheating, so hit him where it hurt
Play Loud Music til 4am? I'll blast mine at 5am on your speaker.... GOOD MORNING.
Never Cheat For Your Child
Group Project Revenge
After girlfriend and I split up, signed her up for gay and granny porn sites. Along with several over-the-phone-surveys. (please read context before judgement)
Never Cheat for your Child
Friend(not anymore) annoys me and kicks me from party so I get him a communication ban.
Payback after 2 years
Soccer mom gets the hose
Know your Rights, Y'all
Always Read Your Contract!
Always Read Your Contract!
My ex cheated on me so I signed him up for the Scientology newsletter.
No contribution? No reward.
The Tale of the Laundry Stowaway
Girl gets blasted with a Dodge Ball for kicking my leg
Kid doesn’t do any work for group project, gets kicked out and changes classes
What's better then forking a yard? Toileting it!
Brother tattles he loses his blankets
Driver blocks sidewalk, I block traffic lane
Guy refused to do his work, I got revenge
Breakroom Burrito Surprise
Demanding, needy doctor "friend" abandoned me when I needed her. I found some N95 masks in my heath-care supplies. I'm going to mail them to NY instead of giving them to her.
(I don't know what this would go under, but let's just say META)We need to have post flairs for different sized stories.
[Request] ex-roomate won’t return money owed to me
How we scare the sh@t out of a trust passer
Saying No To Bully / Cheater
I'm a grown ass man...
My cousin was done with my bullying
Game center owner accuses students of vandalism...
Would I get in trouble if I mail a CRT television to one of my enemies?
Hacking a bully email
i got a scammer in trouble
I got a craigslist scammer in trouble with the police.
Ex Cheated in me w/ selling herself online and other men
Hit my sister? Lmao.
Tactical Meshuggah
Hoard toilet paper for yourself and not share? You need to learn to share.Airport Karen decides to show up 30 minutes before flight....
Make me fail my assignment I'll just destroy yours
How I made someone feel fire in there mouth and became the contraband king
Downstairs neighbors turn their bass up as to the maximum allowed level everyday, so I get petty revenge.
Boss takes advantage of his employees, his car gets fish bombed
Placed paper out of husbands reach.
When I got revenge in 4 squares
Xbox fight
Kid steals my gun in Rec Room, so I waged war on him.
Covid revenge
Entitled aunt tried to barge into my room while I was changing my clothes and got her head banged against the door.
My loud neighbors learn what it’s like to have their sleep interrupted.
Refuse to make my job a bit easier? I'll ruin every morning.
The Fender upstairs....
That time my father shook the very earth itself to teach a lesson
Karen
Downstairs neighbors turn their bass up as to the maximum allowed level everyday, so I get petty revenge.
Satisfying petty revenge on a nuisance neighbour
I was angry but didn’t want to get in trouble or make the situation worse so I made myself feel better with petty revenge.
My lesbian friend ruined her ex boyfriend current relationship
Splash me with my drink? Turnabout is fair play.
Connected to the speaker to the neighbors above me who always blast music
Upstairs neighbours kids are banging around and bouncing things all day long.
Wanna be an a** housemate? 2 can play that game.
One Ring to Prank Them All
Waste my time? Enjoy me getting the thing you wanted!
You want to waste my time? Enjoy me getting the things you wanted.
Took revenge on the dump truck people and my neighbor by blasting future at 12 am
Sister berated me for being pro-choice, then suggested I have a baby, embarrassed her in front of our whole family
Kids break into my house? I don’t think so...
Always blame me for clogging the toilet? Enjoy your cleaner.
Groupmates didnt participate in project, they got a F
I took petty revenge on a guy at the screening of Avengers: Endgame
You snooze you lose
Being rude. Ok how do like burnt hands
He doesn't have a sister
Always remember to call
Classmate got a warning letter for being an ass.
Tailgating? Eat this!
Want to get salty with me? Hope you enjoy repeating the year
Broke my brothers LEGO set
Wanna be an a** housemate? 2 can play that game.
Wife ruins TV shows by watching video’s on phone without headphones. Think I’ll do the same.
My best friend got some good Petty Revenge on my abuser on my behalf
Take my tree? I'll take yours
If you won't give me a tree, I'll take one myself
AT&amp;T thief tries to steal phone upgrades, get them
No, You Can Have It
I would like people to raid and mess with these people, they have been rude and unkind.
Reddit revenge
So I can’t waste milk... but you can?
Spotify hacker got a surprise
The time I got scammed in Runescape... and got my stuff back by hacking my scammer’s account.
Her turn comes!
The bitch that broke my heart
Wanna be an a** housemate? 2 can play that game.
Wanna be an a** (a s s) housemate? 2 can play that game.
Wanna be an ass housemate? 2 can play that game.
Wanna be an ass housemate? 2 can play that game.
Old man get revenge on Entitled Woman that cursed at him
i will write 3 pages
That one time TSA made me smile
In the 70’s my Dad was a consular officer in Sicily...
7AM Rockin' &amp; Rollin'
The time I got $800 from a telco
I took and hid a piece from a 2500 piece puzzle my mom has been working on for weeks because we’re in a fight.
Supervisor wants to nitpick at me? Good luck being understaffed
No Ma’am, trying to disrespectfully tell somebody IN ANOTHER LANGUAGE to get off a bus will get you a seat on said bus, just because they’re younger then you.
Marine gets revenge on an annoying colonel.
Dislike and mock my apology? Watch yourself..
Be a shitty housemate you say? Enjoy the little inconvenience
Petty Revenge at its Finest
my gym teacher
I made a fuckboi cry
Followed My Managers Orders to the Letter
Awesome Grandpa
An old lady let her dog shit in my yard. I gave it back to her.
“The bank doesn’t make mistakes.” This is not my revenge but I got to enjoy the rewards of the revenge. Since both parties in the revenge are probably dead, I can share their story.
They said it was for revenge.
Craigslist scammer rental attempt!
Slick Sammy and Wife's True Characters Exposed
delayed Simcity disaster mode revenge
I finally have one
Giving a reckless employee a "NEW" Truck as he asked
Hi reddit need help
Eat Spit
Eat Spit
Bored and destructive teenagers. Paintball players v. Bmx bikers. Battleground: The Trails
Kick my legs under the table? Say goodbye to your save data!
Petty Revenge on my homophobic Dad
need suggestions
I got put in detention for playing with leaves, so I did this.
Toxicity Removed
Revenge to dye for
Don’t try and fool a English Teacher
Don’t mess with English teacher
Revenge on a gum stealing prick
Jerk at University Tries to Park His Car Illegally
Royal Jackass Tries to Park His Car Illegally
Ways to get revenge on someoneGetting revenge on a rude girl on meet call!
Revenge on roommates
Guy gets bullied and gets his bullies 40 hours of community service!
Revenge on my college roommate
Wanna-be Bully is Quickly Put in his Place
Curry House Double Charged Me
Jabroni one-night stand can’t even be bothered to call me a cab. Lucky for me the cab company saved his address
We changed the questions in a mock exam to catch cheaters
Do NOT steal a guy's meal
Bass Boosting Builders
The universe answered
Co-worker on his last day left me on my own to clean a nasty spill, left him an even bigger one later in the day
Revenge Is a Dish Best Served Hot: How My Mom Got Back at My Abusive Dad
Revenge ideas for Drunky McFuckClown
Sister slept with my husband and is still jealous
Jabroni one-night stand can’t even be bothered to call me a cab. Lucky for me the cab company saved his address
Sister refuses to clean up mess, have fun waking up at 4 am!
I dimped my avuseave ex gf and gave her a bad name.
My dad is a huge cunt. So, I spat in his drink and served it to him.
My Para was an ass
Corona Virus Help
You think it’s mine? Okay I’ll take it.
Crash and Burn (hopefully)
Ps4 save data
Kid takes treat from everyone, I got revenge
Revenge is best served burnt...
As anyone here ever tried boxed revenge?
Petty Revenge Request: Community group members keep posting religious messages after being requested to stop
An interesting paint trick.
Wife's Revenge On Her Ex- Husband
Scared the shit out of my pos ex
They were rude so I bought their lunch...
One of My Few Proud Moments
Being rude? Have fun taking a freezing cold bath
Another day at war
Just a little inconvenient
Tik Tok Pets
Friend brags about pokemon cards loses his favourite card
Karen gets called out infront of friends
Revenge for a breakup.
Petty revenge, 7 year old style.
Won't say Bye after 5 years? Screw you too
Teacher complains about our performance in presentations, while she makes the exact same mistake everyday.
Petty revenge on someone honking at me to turn.
Ex gaslighted and cheated cheated, gets what she deserves - nothing
Cheating ex gets what she deserves... nothing
Cheating ex gets what's coming
Not sure if this is the right place but ok
I wanted to get him back for 12 years...
NEED HELP: a racist psychologist on tiktok
Stay off your property? As you wish
Gives me wrong answers on group chemistry prac on purpose guess what happens
Annoying brother says something "smart", and it backfires.
#5's memory erased
asd
aaaa
aaa
reee
tell me why
dont be that way
well
well reee
why you
testy test
tety times two
testin
just a test
Mmm boring game just wanna get more income
Mmm boring game just wanna get more income
Petty College Student
Asshole Ripped Me Off - Took money from me when I wasn't looking
Tinder Girl I was dating cheated on me
Girl lead me on for 8 months, got kinda salty when I saw her with another dude
Supermarket cashier gets revenge on a Karen
Don't complain about a HUGE tip!
Don't complain about a huge tip, or kama comes to get you.
Complain about our huge tip? – get ripped!
You want to talk to someone else? Sure, try next week!
Revenge months in the making
Feel like helping out?
How me sister threw a tantrum cuz of pottato chips
I took care of this girl for 10 months
don't fuck with my vitamin water
One Way or Another, the Signs Will Be Read
One Way or Another, the Signs Will Be Read
Don't bully people, cause you might end up breaking your fingers.
Neighbors didn't want us to shift near them so I made them arrested
Never mess with a rugby girl
Revenge on a nasty bully at work.
I used COVID-19 for my own personal gain
He took my alchohol so I sold his shoes
My egg donor's been married for thirty-three years and didn't even know it!?
ex thought he was smart
How to properly deal with Karen's at Starbucks
Don't want to listen? Have some numb hands
Annoying Tailgater Gets What's Coming!
Made bosses son drink dirt dishwater instead of energy drink.
Too many emails.
Pompous one-night stand can’t be bothered to call me a cab. Luckily, the cab company remembers his address for me.
You attack my sexuality? See if you want to even talk to me again.Bully me and pass the exams by cheating on me the entire year? Enjoy failing your final exams
The Universe Dishes Out Some Petty Revenge, Against My Younger Brother
The Universe Takes Some Petty Revenge For Me, Against My Brother
Waking the kids up cause you’re loud. Hope you like being frozen.
JUST HAPPENED. psycho Florida man at Dunkin Donuts
Revenge in two parts
Ex tried to cry suicide, ended up in the mental health wing for a month
F*** Booking.com
Bully me? Suspended!
Run over my leaf bags? Not any more you won't
Hot sauce punishment
Fine, now your own damn lawn
Friend Leaves Me Over Video Game He Is Bad At
Father (64m/UK) gets petty revenge on the French after waiting patiently for over thirty years.
Dad Scars A Bully For Life
Dad Knocks A Bully's Lights Out And Scars Him For Life
I Laugh My Brother Out of the Room
Lunch Revenge
Moocher continually asks for favors has finally run out.
what should I do with a hackers email?
what should I do with a hacker´s mail?
I got called the N word for the first time today.
Don’t be a jerk to the strongest kid.
Bully me? I'll educate you on water purification.
I don't like homophobic people
Exposed a classmate
Jacket
Girlfriend Dumps Me, Lies To Me, and The Payback is Insane.
You let your horse shit on the dog field, I let my dog shit on your horse field
"You forgot your bread"
Always protect your Bluetooth speaker
Cafe owner docked my pay for throwing out unsafe food...
Short but satisfying
Lying about my Friends, have fun explaining it to yours!
Wanna steal my magnets? Enjoy no more phone! ( repost from other subreddit, but thought it would be suited here)
Mine is the OG email
Mine is the OG email
Giving my enemies number to all of you so you can send him stuff!
I don't think my neighbor would let her dog poop on my porch again...
I told my irresponsible neighbor that I’m gonna eat her dog.
Revenge on my ex?
Help me get petty revenge on my ex?
Revenge with smile
Kinda more malicious revenge, really
How to ruin popularity:
Super quick petty restaurant story
Petty revenge on my professor, then he got petty revenge on me?
Committee heads disrespect Dr. Doof
Guess I'll forget to unlock your door
I got revenge on the girl who bullied me for nearly a decade
How i got revenge on a lazy potato head
Take away my internet, and suffer the consequences!
Taught an entitled witch to mind her own business
Bratty kid at walmart
People cheat on my test so I fail them
Update to petty revenge for insulting me while i do a favor
Caretaker thinks he's too mighty that he got what he deserved
The girl who sabotaged my assignment during pre med got pregnant and had to drop out of uni I’m in my fourth week of an MD at my top university choice
Son Uses Technology to Get Ignoring Dad's Attention.
Destroy my property? Say bye-bye to your weed plants!
Caught my ex cheating so...
Customer called me out for mispronouncing her name
The time I made sure an awful bridesmaid didn’t catch the bouquet
How to get back at annoying neighbors?
Not mine, but a pretty good revenge story.
“Heh, no I’m not paying that.” Uh, yeah, actually you are.
The Family Feud Right Outta History.
You bully me....You fail an AP Course
Bully me for a year....You fail an AP Course
Dont call people who pay you a tip "idiot"
I love that Am so pettyy
My hair colours inappropriate? I’ll sort that out, then.
Be an asshole to me, get put on r34. (NSFW)
Mean girl at school looks like a fool in front of everyone
But I thought it was a fake virus?
Guy refuses to stop using facebook while at work for CPS, so I call his boss
Chocolate Covered Ants for the Insect-Fearing, Sweet-Thieving Officemate.
Chocolate Covered Ants for the Insect-Fearing, Sweet-Thieving Officemate.
My ex would freak if she knew who I’m dating
Embarrassing a bully in front of his friends
Your parents were rude to me, it's only fair i get them back, right?
Chocolate Covered Ants for the Insect-Fearing, Sweet-Thieving Officemate.
Petty prank wars
Revenge on my HOA/nosy neighbor
Litteraly?
Called a guy's work because he wouldn't stop arguing on Facebook
Final act of petty revenge against old roommate
do your worst
My cheating ex cheats on the girl he cheated on me with
Not the worst I could have done
little but good
Wanna act like its 1920? Here's the Playlist!
Unsolicited Financial Advice
Still not your shed
Cancel my membership? Ban me? That just gave me time and resolution to do a good deed for the public.
My petty revenge involving adult diapers backfired
try to get my food yol be sorry
Prankster workmate doesn't like it when the joke is on him
I "charge" a women twice for one room
EM steals our game and then we dyed her body blue and her hair green and stole a few bags of chips [ft.EntitledParents]Go ahead, buddy, keep stealing packages - eventually you're not gonna like what you get
Won’t take my business? I’ll spread the word
I no write English well? You no teach English good.
Destroy my new deluxo? (A car in GTA V) That’s gonna cost ya!
You Wont Move? Ok Bud Hear Me Slurp My Soup
Go ahead, buddy, keep stealing packages - eventually you're not gonna like what you get
DID A GIRL JUST BEAT ME!
I spammed a Nazis email for handing out flyers with hate speech
Noisy lights
Artisanal my ass
Mom gets revenge
"Where u at?"
Take my pc enjoy playing...
Try and Run Me Over? I'll put walls around your car
Mom gets revenge on ex girlfriend
I need gas, spare change?
Scam me out of $725? Have fun dealing with your mother.
Me and my boyfriend used to be made fun of by sleazy men, so we now execute a petty plan.
A Bully lost the love of his life.
Hit my cat enjoy falling in cow dung.
Underwear theif
Everyone needs a soundtrack!
Scam me out of $725? Have fun dealing with your mother.
When raging goes wrong.
Kid tries to sabotage me and eventually gets obliterated
Short Story
A small revenge on my part
Crop dusting retribution
Boyfriend revenge for "poops" excuse
He bullyed my friend because of his special needs
Me and my ex
Taking screenshots of my finsta? Think twice
Oh, my mom is a skank? (medium)
Panic revenge
How to make my uncle suffer
My mom got a teacher fired
My mom got a teacher fired
My mom got a teacher fired
My mom got my brother teacher fired
My mom got my brother teacher fired
My mom got my brother teacher fired
I deleted my husband's DOTA 2 friends
Oh! You're having a baby? Behold the field in which I grow my f*cks.....
Rob Me of $45, You'll Regret That!!!
Getting revenge on my older brother after 20 years.
Cheaters don't get toilet paper
Angel's revenge- or how my cat taught me to pay attention to her!
Help me get revenge
Zeus
You won't let me out? Suffer the consequences.
MOD
my gf crazy ex-boyfriend
Fine I won’t ware pants to gym class
The facebook revenge
I made my friend turn off his console when playing call of duty
Truancy officer reports me to police for false charges, gets punched in the face!
Lie to me about what you're doing on social media? I'll steal your username that you also use for every other site and gaming platform
The things found on the earth are kept by the collector?? HELL NO!
Lie to me about what you're doing on social media? I'll steal your username that you also use for every other site and gaming platform
You think I'm not as good as my peers? Watch them disappear!
Disrespect me by being a sleazebag on social media? I'll steal your username that you also use for every other site and gaming platform
Unsolicited Financial Advice
Someone gave me some unsolicited financial advice
No TV for you
Making the scammer lose time or patience...
Can we collectively scam the scammer? (we just want him to lose time, not get anything out of him)
Need all your ideas to get revenge on this rent scammer
I’m not making you chili
I- umm- what?
I was molested as a kid by a trusted adult when I got older I purposefully fell in with the wrong crowd to get revenge
How I got rid of chain messages.
Anonymous fb message
Swapped my friends lube for hair gel
Girls can’t game huh?
I know I'm an ass-hole, but I couldn't help it.
piss of my sister and she'll make you look like an idiot
I pretended not to understand my dad
Oh, I’ll dig your trench for you, sir, no problem
Is there an anonymous way to get revenge?
i threw up on my uncle
Long Awaited Revenge
Long Awaited Revenge
Tamper with my mountain bike and I "tamper" with your face.
I spent two hours at work signing up a Karen for every email newsletter i could find.
I got sick of people on r/popping asking "what should I do with this?" and getting grief for telling them to pop it or piss off so I refuse to post my own 10/10 popping video of me squeezing an infection from a removed cyst on my scrotum.
Make us eat last? We'll just waste your food! How 7th graders got their revenge on the lunch aids.
I got sick of people on r/popping asking "what should I do about this?" and people giving me grief for telling them to pop it or piss off so I've not posted my 10/10 popping video.
You gotta work for your foreign exchange
Try to use me and my ex wife you but ruined your own
I’m pretty sure I got my neighbor evicted?
Petty Revenge on 007 (James Bond he was not)
Revenge by Nerf guns
Revenge on “friend” for trying to steal my sister’s boyfriend
Any advice to enact petty revenge on a prank caller?
Life isn't GTA -why you shouldn't try to run a person over
Stuck up millionaire who owes the whole town money gets what's coming
Requested WFH 6 weeks ago
Throw trash on the floor? I'll give it back to you.
help for revenge
Dont want to put toppings on the sub?! Im getting ALL of them!Homeschooled-kiddos
In times of quarantine, I took away her Netflix
Should have listened
Trying to take advantage of our free soda policy? No more sodas for you!
Trying to take advantage of free soda system? No more sodas for you!
Selfish hoarding? Enjoy your parking ticket!
Someone Stole From Me
Need some help with some neighbours...
sabotaging a meal from a jackass who sabotaged mine
Keep me from using the 'executive' wash room? I'll teach you!
Fired from the group project repeats the year
Leaving me with your $800 debt? Your last 3 days here are going to be a living hell. Also enjoy the drawers you let me borrow :)
Group project Petty revenge
What's that smell?
Stepdad got what he deserved
Toilet paper while in Basic training at Ft. Knox KY
Best PR for asshole neighbors that leave their trash can on the street?
I’m a terrible human being.
Tip: we should all collectively change our passwords right now.
Trash roommate
All the lightbulbs didn’t work.
Planning on getting petty with newly moneyless millionaire.
Horrible experience with a horrible person
My misfortune with a foul mouthed cleaner. Its a long story
A long story explaining my issues with a horrible cleaner.
St patty’s Meal
You’re going to call the cops whenever someone parks along the curb in front of your house? Well, if I can’t park there, neither can you
Stuck up millionaire who owes the whole town money gets what's coming
Enjoy the stains, you miserable old bastard.
Home-schooled kiddos
How can i "get" my neighbours
Math petty revenge
The usual jerk got somewhat ared bruise. Weird enough, that was me who gave it to him...
Clay fight!
Old friend trying to get me to end our friendship
You f*ck with my sister? You f*ck with me.
Half brother said he didn't care
Crazy cat lady neighbor...
Bully gets what he deserves: Psyschological warfare:
Blow up this mans phone please he is a scammer and sells what he scams for
I'm a punk because I can't help you? Okay...
Top Posts.
25+ "Breathable Mesh Running Shoes" from Amazon !!
The Queen B’s in my school messed with the wrong duo
Using your own words against you
My roommate will jump out of bed and run to the shower when he hears my alarm in the morning.
Payback for my bully
I taught a bully to never make fun a new student
Don't take my hammer
L'eggo My Lego!
I won't be bothered anymore
My roommate will jump out of bed and run to the shower when he hears my alarm in the morning.
Annoying neighbor won't bother me anymore
Neighbor won't bother me anymore
Thank you for Finally!! breaking up with me.
Bag of trouble. (r/pettyrevenge)
At a drinking fountain? What did you expect?
Don't want to tip and say how much you "appreciate me" enjoy picking up your trash.
Pulling my first all-nighter
Small but satisfying...
My favorite teacher came in for the win
I’ve got all the time in the world, buddy.
Small revenge against hoarders
idiot coworker
Dr Twisty's Revenge: Dr Twisty's Fart Spray!
Text revenge on an old friend
Nan has life made difficult by a family member who thinks she has "lost the plot", gets sweet revenge before she dies
How I destroyed one guy's game:
You better eat that Anchovy Pizza
Landlord lies and gets flooded
Mess with my grade, I'll mess with your pay
Mess with my grade, I'll mess with your pay
I broke a kids nose!.
Fuck me over, I won't flinch at hurting you
L'eggo my Lego
Cheats on his fiance, loses his shirt
Dealing with an annoying customer.
What an eye soar
My room mate have very loud sex so I pee on his clothes
Stuck-up loser gets bouts of Petty Revenge
Best friend betrayed me
Make work for us during snow removal? Shovel your own walk twice.
Take my sister's sticker? Have some broken chocolate
Service Dog Melt Down
Eat your words
Deluxe pizza revenge
Bitch at me for leaving my car running for two minutes? I can be petty too.
My ex cheated on me with three guys
Dude literally watched me leave MY spot then parks diagonal. So I park in front of him- he gets annoyed and doesn’t speak to me when I move my car so he can leave. Mind you he was visiting neighbor; not us.
Repost from r/AmITheAsshole
Neglect grandma, humiliate me and lie to my parents - say goodbye to your family jewels.
Housemate’s lack of concern. Advice sought.
Landlord/roommate buys a much smaller mirror for my bathroom
Smelly revenge for an annoying brother.
Why can’t I post a video
My neigbour is obssesed with locking everything
Drunk and disorderly in a bar? Enjoy your face plant on the floor
Even Corona cannot stop the petty
They stole my package so I organized a gay orgy at their house
Asking for a ride to your Ex’s house? Karma saw that.Think before you act
Ex cheated on me
Adult finders keepers
I can't calm myself after revenge. it still bugs me that people think I'm cheap just cause I didn't pay the mailman when he tried to scam me off-hour.
Nice little thank-you to a lawyer...
Giving my lazy manager an infuriating task at the end of term
Movie night with my flatmates
Woman get mad for my dad using his power washer
Customer made me stretch for the money. So I returned the favour.
Girl threatens to have her millionaire/billionaire Dad sue me so I scared the shit out of her
While playing a fairly easy piano piece, I was called out to be "showing off," so I truly started flexing and they left.
Screw the golden M
No Discount For You
My ex-husband: The Sock King
I hid all of my sister's things when she refused to help clean
Annoying a Craigslist rental scammer
The time I annoyed a Craigslist scammer
Coworker who steals food
Do you smell that?!
Message my GF a year after ghosting her? Ok cheater (UPDATE)
Catfished my cheating boyfriend into buying a hotel room and going on a wild goose chase for 3 hours
How to get back at COVID-19 hysteria resellers.
I propose we all find a few price-gougers selling TP/sanitizer online, offer them bags of money for whatever they're selling, convince them to meet somewhere far from their home, and just not show up
I Ruined this Karen’s Movie Experience
Friend keeps asking every 5mins for his 50p.i give him his 50p...
Throw your dogs shit on my yard for 6 + months, don’t worry I will make sure to return it (neighbour disputes, police intervention? Nahhhh you took care of it yourself) (LONG)
Mom embarrassed a Dutch banker. 4 Years later he sets perfect trap for her.
She spit in my drink, so...
Message my GF after ghosting her a year ago? Ok cheater
Enjoy the stains, you miserable old bastard.
Deny my leave application of 2 days .. close down ur whole organisation then
Screw you toilet paper Karen
Pizza Hut sucks!
Rob money from me? Well, pay me back 1.5 times that.
iT'S JuSt a GaMe
Teacher doesn’t get contract renewed, screws school over
I confuse my parents by washing the dishes in the middle of the night.
Steal my beauty products? You're in for a surprise
Try to scam me on Ebay? Not a good idea!
Had a group partner who only did the bare minimum, so I got in school suspension on the day of presentations.
Neighbour let his dog shit on my lawn for weeks. Until I put a stop to it...
How to deal with noisy neighbors. Found in a FB group.
Teacher wanted to give z to a class that wasn’t even hers
Steal my food? Enjoy your cold!
The hot sauce doughnut revenge
My brother stole my laptop so I rearranged all of his LEGO helmets.
Corona classic - I’m in no hurry!
Group Project “BOSS”
I annoyed an annoying bad reviewer at their work.
Think partying late in a campground full of families is a good idea? Think again.
Dude gets caught with about 120 km/h in a 50km/h zone
Boyfriend’s mother called me fat, naturally, I made a scene.
Break my heart? Time for Revenge!
Don't want to use the kiosk? Wait 20 mins for your food
Leave me and you’re stuff behind, have all your games deleted
Hid my Sister's Earbud
Hid My Sister's Wireless Earpud
Science Teachers Give Obscure Assignment To Slackers
The Halloween candy mod
Spent an hour and ten minutes on the phone to get $2.95 refunded
Spent an hour and ten minutes on the phone to get $2.95 refunded
Ruined her social life for false accusations
My friend hit me
How I Got Petty Revenge On A Child And His Mother
Hope the free food was worth it...
Hope the free thai food was worth it...
Moan at me... I’ll move your magnets
Teacher doesn't get contract renewed, screws the entire school over
Teacher tried to fail me for participating in class.
My neighbor gets revenge on her cheating husband.
Step on my new shoes and steal my stuff? Well let me do the same to you.
Currently pissed off at my sister for not putting any toilet paper on the roll. Any ideas?
Why do we get these fuck head zipperheads
A Simple Request
And if you call now...
Oh ... I’m Disrespectful?!
Karen called the police to claim that I physically hit her with my car in the Costco parking lot. I have a dash cam.
My Jacked Up Teacher
Brother tells me to be independent and I reply soon after
Channel, gone reduced to atoms.
I let this dude into my lane, he sprayed me with wiper fluid
Petty Revenge Gone Wrong
Petty Revenge Gone Wrong
Petty Revenge Gone Wrong
Coworker complains about free pizza
You beat me up? Have a good talk to the police
Okay this will take a long time to pay back
I'm gonna keep kicking you until you stop
Ever get blocked my a train???
My wife and I had an argument so I ate the last Trader Joe’s Chocolate Chip Ice Cream Sandwich that we usually split. The whole goddamn thing. By myself.
Refuse to send my check have fun getting demoted
Neighbors keep leaving dog poop in my front door
Dasher tells me, the cashier, I didn't make his food fast enough.
I ruined a whiteboard my freshman year of highschool because of a teacher
My Job Mandated Me For Overtime The Day Before My Vacation, So I Got Some Petty Revenge!
McDonald's drive through
Want to plagiarize on a group project? Well fuck you too.
Threaten and make my coworker cry? I hope you enjoy decaf.
Neighbors kids keep throwing trash and their junk in my yard? I’m gonna pile it all in your parking spot when you leave.
Roommate was rude for no reason, her pizza is extra salty now.Roommate was rude, his pizza is over
Awesome piece of petty that just crossed my homepage
How a clap changed it all
THIS IS MY APPLE!
Rude rich man shouts at bartender and get awful drinks all night
I might have gotten a GoodWill manager fired.
Some lunatic threatened to cause trouble at my mom’s job over a Facebook disagreement. I don’t use Facebook, so this was fun...
Old crow is never gonna steal a seat again.
Invested in creativity
My mom left me alone in the city, because I wanted to buy something. So I took a taxi and left her waiting
Dont litter
Don't seat you? Sure!
Dirty old man
Snitch on me for no reason? Enjoy not sitting with your friends anymore!
Noisy Upstairs Neighbours get knocked down, and dont get up again.
Noisy Upstairs Neighbours Get Knocked Down but dont get up again.
Noisy &amp; Unpleasant Upstairs Neighbours
Noisy Arse Upstairs Neighbours
Dont block my driveway
Blocking my driveway repeatedly? Say hello to 4 flat tires
You repeatedly block my driveway? Say hello to 4 flat tires
You have 8 dogs and can’t be bothered to put the poop in a bag instead of my yard? Yeah, it’s going right back to you buddy!
The time I got my manager a promotion
The time I got my manager a promotion so he quit.
The time I got my manager promoted, so he quit.
I Burnt the Last of his "Favorite Snack"
subtle revenge
Brother would not clean his hair from the shower drain. So I made him clean it up but it wasn't just his hair.
Manager regrets harassing coworkers when he becomes butt of his own joke
Slimy manager tries to intimidate me when I hand in my notice, gets fired for nepotism and sexual harassment (a little long but very much worth it!)
(Former colleague)Clerk(law) tries to get me reprimanded at new gig for “inaccurate” document in real estate, guess who swallowed her words (and I got to send a hidden message)
Karen stole a parking spot that she clearly saw I was waiting for.
Gave my dog all the fortune cookies
Guy (and his dad) kept asking me out to lunch, so I made him pay...
Your driveway? Your problem.
They called me.....
Petty revenge on Income Tax Scammer
Someone stole my cheap $15 dollshoes
Talk crap about me on twitter? I will make you fail your semester
Are you being rude to me, your cashier? Enjoy bruised fruit and bread
Don't let me use the floor cleaner because I'm "not trained to work it"? No problem, you do it then.
Eat my lunch and suffer the consequences
Sweet petty revenge on my Partner.
Cut me off? Fine
Got revenge in my sleep! Mwah ha ha
!NSFW! This is my third share to this subreddit. My other posts seem to be going well so figured I'd share another. (3rd times the charm, right? 😂)
Guy berates me for mistake he made, I choose not to correct him... yet.
I waste somebody’s time on a logic question
Petty birthday party revenge.
I used way to much tape.
Socks where?!?
Demand something unreasonable? Let me waste a little of your time.
Hacker tried to use my Spotify account.
Cheats on his fiance, loses his shirt
I was a slightly petty child
Overflow the recycling bin? Have fun with your 3 weeks of backed up recycling.
I’ve unleashed a lawn gnome army to intimidate my neighbor into leaving me alone.
He wasn’t taking my rags, so it didn’t matter that I bleached them.
How could I get some petty revenge on a manager who lied habitually and frequently broke promises? (I no longer work with this person, by the way)
Don't get mad, get revenge
Demand something ridiculous? Let me waste a little of your time.
Wanted: Advice on how to execute proper revenge
My Desk Partner Blatantly Copied Me, So I Decided to Make Her Look Stupid
Petty revenge against a girl that treated me like a child.
Asshole needs to have his life ruined
Showed up unannounced to get my Comic Books back
Wuhan Students Get Homework Software Banned From App Store By Spamming It With One Star Ratings
Kids are impressionable, gotta spread the love.
Oh, now you’ll drive fast? I can slow down like you, I’m in no rush
I got a racist McDonalds employee fired
Sauced it to the managers
My pack
Locker Room Sabotage
That one time I sent spiders to his door
Can't clean the blender? Fine then, no blender.
Phone scammer part 2
Dont fuck with my trash cans
Dont fuck with my trash cans
This is my revenge
Send me Spam? You will pay for me to Spam you back!
Get hit in the face with a basketball,fuckernugget!
My brother pressured a girl into sending photos and a bit more
Phone scammer
Help with hitting a crooked employer where it hurts...their money!!!
Blast me with the high beams for existing in front of you? Here's a 5-mile dose of exactly the speed limit.
PETTY REVENGE AT ITS FINEST
Coworker claims my work as her own, guess she loses all her work
Flip me off for stopping at a stop sign, enjoy watching cross traffic get waved through!
A person nicked me with their umbrella and made me bleed, so I punched her down
Want to leave at the most inconvenient time? Ok!
Go ahead and copy my answers, I insist
Petty revenge on a school bully.
Revenge on 9yo bully
Look how much these animals have changed their appearance after the love given to them by a human.
Caught a boyfriend cheating, got him fired
Child locks for the (pettiest) win!
I stood up a guy on Tinder who ghosted me a few years ago
Guy cheats on his fiance and loses his shirt
Grown man yelling at teenage referees.
Spicy revenge on my friendRevenge is SWEET!
Oh, Y'all Will Find Religion....
Entiteled little cousin brat ruins my Dead Cells run I ruin his Fortnite game
Two can play at being an a hole
Cheated on by her fiance, then he loses his wardrobe
I regularly get petty revenge on kids who try to sneak in to R rated movies.
I made a Karen drive 50 miles to get her refund
I ran and told on him to his mother
My teacher wronged me, then someone wronged him.
Do something to keep those kids quiet, and I did.
The dabbing queen
Prison rules
Since my last post went so well I figured I'd share another story..
Person Gets Fired from a big minecraft server from being owner to cast member.
oh thanks for the double chocolate swiss rolls
Bully me and I’ll sabotage your chances of getting hired here
revenge on neighbor
Won't answer my question but I answer yours: Welcome to the wrong place
Instant karma!
Planning my revenge.
Give Me A Condom? I’ll Pay It Back!
Make fun of a woman trying to lose weight? Dont do it in a car that's unforgettable.
Getting revenge on a smart ass school principal
My mom got served
The time someone ticked me off and paid the price.
I live in an ethnic diverse place and experience blatant racism when going to certain restaurants.
Employee hid my keys to scare me, I ended up scaring him in return.
My employee hid my keys
my friend and his awful cousin (this is has entitled people but there’s a revenge)
Hate me? I'll make your gf's mother hate you.
A Little Revenge On My Teacher
Smashing on a entitled kid in badminton
Guy steals from me and gets caught on camera
Guy steals from me and gets caught
steel toes to the shins.
How can I get revenge on restaurant who blasts music late at night?
Leave your shopping cart in the parking lot? I'll block your way while returning it.
Suicide and spit.
I made a dude that was always an ass to me pay extra.
If you're going to reverse a PayPal payment, don't use your company's details in the first place.
Rude roommate moving out
Food thieves
Thief for a thief
Keep canceling my vacation? See you next year.
We had a street fight and we won by by the tiniest amount but we celebrated like we won the World Cup
A poor thieving technique in the gym locker room backfires.
College Snitch Gets Pinched
Bullies Should Use Locks
Bullies Should Use Locks
Take my chocolate bar, I’ll take your dignity!
Teacher your job is to teach not make everyone hate you
The missing key...
You’re now locked out off of your locker.
An eye for an eye
An eye for an eye
Smoker and my pretty revenge
The Missing key
Make me feel bad about my GPA enjoy freaking out over bad grade
Seeking advice on how to carry out a petty revenge
My 3DS was stolen
Royal Jackass Tries to Park His Car Illegally
Housemate constantly loud and forbid me from sponge.
Cookies but donuts
Try to get me fired for not bending the rules for you? How about you getting fired instead.
Hopefully You Have A Back Up Plan
Need Help With a Texting/Phone Revenge!
Best revenge on a bully if I only have his email? Anyone know any email spam websites?
Laundry revenge
If we’re all idiots, you can be one too
Principal Tries to Take my Paycheck
Principal Tries to Take My Paycheck
High School Principal Tries to Steal My Paycheck to Pay for After Grad
X-wife tries to scam hacker
You didn't go to college so you don't know what you are talking about.
You aren’t playing fair? Neither will we.
Occupied!
Little Brothers are Awful
No food for you
Students pranked me. I had the last laugh.
Students pranked me. I had the last laugh.
A slow burn on students
Loud Neighbor Gets Silenced
Trash talking? Enjoy being made a fool in front of your friends.
Insult me while entering a code? Go ahead genius
Talk shit, get some back
X-wife tries to scam hacker gets exposed
X-wife tries to scam hacker gets exposed
Theme park employees decided that a deaf person couldn't ride with hearing guests.
Yes, I was the asshole.
You want to be annoying? I’ll break your ankles.
The teacher I loved got the teacher I hate fired.
Entitled Boss tries to steal from me
Try to use me to get rid of your 5-cent coins? I'll return them all to you!
UPDATE: FORCING MY SOON TO BE EXBOSS TO COME IN ON THE WEEKEND
Manager screws up construction site and makes company pay up more
Warehouse guy shut down entire factory
You don't need me right?
Publicly humiliate me, then I will publicly humiliate YOU
Call me a beginner? Right back at ya.
Demand free stuff? Fine, have nothing and land a court case.What's that smell?
you can copy us, but don't try to say it was your idea.
A Fish for a Fish
BULLY ME, Okay ill just get sick on you
Steal my WiFi? How about I throttle the bandwidth.
“Could you be quick, im in a rush”
Rude lady doesn't get a nice coupon
Talk shit about my friend behind his back? Good luck with your grades.
How can I get revenge on an ex-friend who stole from my friends and I and then lied through his teeth to this day? He’s the personification of pathetic.
Average revenge (srry)
Petty Neighbors, let's hear your stories.
You don't want to play fair? Then let's play by the rules.
Office Petty Revenge
Stupid Old Man Accuses Me Of Contaminating Glass With Corona
Teacher wouldn't let me go to the toilet, so I go home.
Started a GoFundMe for my brother because he stole food from me.
Okay this is happening the instant I write this
Best Friend's Petty Vengeance
Drugs and diarrhea
EM Wants my BF to Be Sick, Fine He’s Sick (Crosspost from r/entitledparents)
wanna help me get some petty revenge?
Drunk guy has to pay for friend’s car
Petty Revenge On A Man Hating Ex-Boss
I want some revenge
I got alcohol poisoning on the night before heading for vacation
Revenge on My Brother and I Didn't Have to Do Anything. TL;DR brother calls cops on me, gets his butt chewed by police, and then has to deal with mom.
You *need* this job (No I don't)
The small story of how o got my cats a chair
“I don’t know, I might be a faggot, but...”
Locked my trashy neighbor out of the house
I Dealt With a Bully By Letting Myself Get Hit
Flat thief gets his comeuppance
It Was Simple But The Feeling Was To Die For
Hotel Petty Revenge
School bus driver pulls friends hair
UPDATE: Screwed out of my holiday pay because we “don’t have set schedules”; 3 months later I use the exact same phrase to my boss when asked why I didn’t come in when I wasn’t on the schedule.
How I stop tailgating
How to stop tailgating
‘Best friend’ ignored me because I didn’t like a certain type of music
Learn this simple trick to get someone pulled over.
Learn this simple trick to get someone pulled over.
ants in entitled step sisters bed
I'm not paying you for a book that I didn't receive
Just a thought...
Oh, you “love” me? That’s a waste of time
Someone Stole My Chicken Nugget, I waited 5 Years to Get Revenge
Don’t teach, get ducked.
Being rude, to a rude person, today was incredibly gratifying.
Growing up in Russia we had a terrible neighbor.
Few short revenges
Belittle me as much as you want
I made a whole neighborhood hate them
Bully Me? Okay, enjoy spam emails.
Keep me late at my job? Let me help you lose yours.
I made a whole neighborhood hate them
Steel my seat I will take yours
How I got back at my abusive brother
Parking Spot Revenge
I let my brother hit on our cousin
Parking Spot Payback
Learn this simple trick to get someone pulled over.
I got a lier to catch himself out.
A got a lier to catch himself out.
No time off before Christmas? Ok, see you January 1th
Asks me to go on cruise last minute once we get on he and his friends (a couple) ghost me the entire cruise.
Ruined a liar and his flying monkeys self esteem and reputation
Entitled Lady Tries to refund item without tag
Instant Pokemon Card Karma
Don't join my fight
Pull over now, sure
Brought a Youth Center Under Provincal Investigation
Got cheated on, ghosted, and then two weeks later I was told it was my fault, because I didn’t show her enough attention. So I signed her up for those spam texting sights.
Got cheated on, ghosted, and then a two weeks later I was told the reason was because I didn’t show her enough attention. So I signed her up for the spam text sites.
Won't let me out first? Fine by me.
But I'm the customer!
Not eating because of ramadan? Not allowed to lie either!
Make us wait? Get no help!
Gave up the chance to lose my virginity at 16 so I could make the girl feel as unwanted as she made me feel years earlier.
Call me a baby, ok my gum is baby gum.
A girl asked me to help her out and she tried to take advantage so I took revenge.
Ignore my personal space? Enjoy your new scar.
A lovely house warming party.
Oh you’ll wait? Fine by me
Flip me off? Enjoy a wet car!
Returning an item without the tag? Watch me destroy it in front of you, then!
My uncle
Girl in highschool always had it out for me trying to screw me in every way
An interesting story
Pretty interesting story
Steal my wirelessmouse? Cant use it without a port
Have a taste of your own medicine!
Petty revenge
Complain about not getting back $900 in time? Well, you just missed out on $10,000.
Use me as an uber? I’ll destroy your masculinity.
Some petty revenge involves traps
Took a few things from a transphobe
How to sign someone up for spam through their number
Call people an idiot? ...
A guy lied to my best friend and treated him like trash, so I kept my promise.
Clogged A Toilet On PurposePurposely Clogged a Toilet
Someone throws trash in man's yard, he follows them and throws it back in their yard!
Delivering a little malicious compliance to my entitled aunt.
Delivering a little malicious compliance to my entitled aunt
Send me unwanted email, get unwanted calls.
I was disrespected and proved my need of a seat on the bus.
Horrible Housemates
I was just trying to help you!
Sorry, dear vegan.
Diner cook is an jerk to our server and my son, gets called out and has to mess up his kitchen.
Restock crappy sunglasses I returned? Okay then.
Over A Parking Spot...
Over A Parking Spot..
Don’t want to do work? Don’t expect a good grade.
playing test
Playing test
band director is stupid
How we got our cat
I Needed To Get By
Petty revenge on an 8 hour car ride
You rip my shirt? I steal your clothes.
Have phone#, need revenge
My petty Grandma
People trash my desk, I trash theirs back, but worse.
You hit my car? I wake you up in the middle of the night.
If only road rage paid your bills
If only road rage could pay your bills.
If not being nice to you means we're gay then yes, hell, why not? We're gay
Untidy surprise for my entitled step-mum
Screwed out of my holiday pay because we “don’t have set schedules”; 3 months later I use the exact same phrase to my boss when asked why I didn’t come in when I wasn’t on the schedule.
Rich kid gets shown his place
Noise complaint
Me vs My racist Step mom and (sort of) racist Dad
When you help your ex's baby mama put your abusive ex in jail.
Crank up our cottage, I spice up you breakfast.
"Stole" an officer's pizza
You Are What You Eat
Broken laptop screen.
Flying the (un)friendly skies
Sexist manager gets what she deserves
Oh you want to come to the wedding? Too bad, I'll make you sweat bitch.
University teacher was willing to put my life at risk
Idiot gets rid of my things, I do the same... kinda...
You get rid of my things? I get rid of yours!
My oldest siblings bullied me as a kid, now i get to enjoy their misery!
HELP ME, COULD USE THE HELP OF THE INTERNET &amp; JUSTICE WARRRIORS
Revenge on my oldest siblings who bullied me as a kid
My oldest siblings bullied me as a kid, now i get to enjoy their misery.
Snobby Girl Told Me To Do Laundry On My Own Floor... So I Did
People At My Shitty School Keep Using My Account And Paid Stuff On The School Computers And There's Nothing I Can Do So...
Revenge on professional asshole driver
Pre-venge for not letting people out of a junction.
Sabotaging the Sabotager
ruined a transphobe's texters
Try to help in cheating? Let them fail!
I added all the words he couldn't spell into his computer's dictionary.
When it comes to cars, Loud does not always equal fast.
You dont want to be toxic with me.
Don't Call my Best Friend Fat
I was a housekeeper in an office where I was ridiculed constantly by snotty receptionists. Graduated college a couple months ago, took a job in the same office and became their boss
This is a test
Is using "looks" to help other girls have revenge on other girls a dick move
Ignorant Lunch Monitor Gets Bittersweet Looks an Entire Table of "Troublemakers" Ruining a Week
Pettying ammonia against arsenic.
Karma comes, even to tiny things.
Ditched toxic friend when she fell asleep at school
Customer throws tantrum about a quarter
Parking slot
Mamma Bear
kid shoots me in the head with a slingshot loaded with a ROCK!!!
Road Rager Rages On
Be cheap with broke interns, loose invaluable work.
Enjoy looking for your films on Netflix
Lovely day for a stroll
My parents let us loose in a furniture store.
Middle school band drama
I had to use my final resort
Old women is a bitch to me so I’m a bitch back
How revenge was had on my ex
The Home Warranty Sign Up Revenge
I tottaly forgot..
Got Milk?
My Ex-Gf can't listen to her favorite radio station anymore
Unintentional Revenge on my Ex-Gf
Unintentionally getting revenge on ex-gf
Bachelorette, please!
Revenge is best served cold...
1st time poster, friend suggested i leave this here
Revenge in a game of Uno
This Damn Principal Deserved It
Don't Steal My Lunch: The Grade School Edition
She wanted me to give her kid some candy, so I gave them a wrapper.
Finally a little bit of petty revenge for me.
Social media brat gets it twisted
A way to get back at Mom and let my baby know I love her
Yeehaw, B****
Another Flight? Sure we can do that...
Friend got horrible teacher fired for breaking the data protection law. TL:DR at end
I got a kid in trouble
Tough loveFive years later, karma hits the upholsterer who stole our deposit!
Faked proof that I had a flat tire so that the lazy people in my group project would have to do the presentation themselves therefore likely will fail
Slightly mean petty revenge
Revenge for not helping with a free grass cutting
Disrespect my friend, I take your Idea.
Faked proof that I had a flat tire so that the lazy people in my group project would have to do the presentation themselves therefore likely will fail
Screwed over a college kid for being a pervert
Cinema employees went through our stuff, we fired their manager!
Take a public parking spot when you have a private one next to it? I mess on your car
Melancholy revenge
You cut me off, you enjoy your car sensor being activated
Want to scam people? Now you gotta pay.
Want to get remarried? Don't ask your ex for help!
Hook up with my girlfriend behind my back? I’m sleeping with your Ex and No frat for you!
Graffiti Saved School Spirit?
Hook up with my GF behind my back? No frat for you...
An asshole getting what he deserves by way of his own asshole
Basically deleting my "friend's" server... Twice.
Basically deleted racist "friend's" Discord server. Twice.
You love me? I catfish you
Gift-Card Ex-machina
I don't appreciate being inconvenienced by TSA agents
Ask your recently dumped GF to apartment sit while you vacation? Cold cold boxers for you my friend.
Hellish downstairs tenant tries to intimidate me, I don't advise him of planned water shutoff
There are no more fans for you
Making a trip to the bathroom sexual feat. Karen
try to blackmail me? no more free milk for you.
Four wheel drive
Cut me off going into the gas station...
Cousin tries to Take over house!
I need help with a revenge that I don’t know if I should do
Dad gets a taste of his medicine!
Dead men tell no tales: Dead men get their mails
Your $30 Groceries just cost you $130
I've got 20 years on you.
Don't try to out-b*t*h me. I've got 20 years practice on you.
Don't try to out-b*tch me. I've got 20 years practice on you.
"Don't try to out-bitch me. I have 20 years practice on you."
Whatever You Say, Ma'am
Revenge on a guy who ghosted my friend?
Gave my brother glitter-balls
Revenge on LOUD neighbors with LOUDER dog
Revenge on a YouTube Stalker
Revenge on a YouTube Stalker
Angry Giraffe
Revenge can be had by one simple report
I just nuked my cult leader boss's business
I tried to help...at first
Bully me , enjoy getting pushed .
Sugar-Free Revenge
Pettyrevenge on my brother
Icepop man go splatsplat
Don’t catch an attitude with someone clearly trying to help you
Blind leading the blind
Ah Craigslist: I just saw this and had to share.
Revenge on Math Teacher
long story short: my roommate was the devil so I washed her clothes in shit she was allergic to but if you like shitty roommate stories BOY do I have details for you...
Don't like my designs? Wear it for the next two years.
Beat me to the community laundry room? I'll beat you back upstairs.
B*tch Roommate Toothbrush Revenge
Do your job wrong? I will treat your colleague so well and make you watch!
Won’t be quiet late at night? Ok, I won’t be quiet early in the morning.
Laxative brownies
Some gossip girl older than me stomps on my work with wet shoes, so I waste her time.
Sorry I’m just an “ambulance driver”.
when urine it to win it
Revenge on 16 yo son who spent all his money on weed
Do not attack my wife
Since people like to trespass on my property and hop my back fence as a shortcut￼￼￼, I’ve found a nice spot along my fence to put all of my dog’s poop
Sugar-Free
Pay-back (in a literal sense) for a towed car
Make me feel like an outsider in your country, I’ll make you feel like one in yours.
Steal my fancy mechanical pencil? Get the spit valve.
Parking meter prick
Some petty monetary revenge on a major airline after a terrible experience
Some guys go around saying I had sex w/ them
Apartment complex refuses to hold pet owners accountable so we call the health department.
Tell me to work sick? I'll make sure you do too.
Trash my car and I trash your pants.
Canadian revenge on a tourist family
Dad doesn't react to his injury so well
My roommate got payback for being a racist bitch
Ruin my Childhood? Enjoy the Divorce
Landlords Take Advantage of College Students
Up a Creek Without a Towel
My brothers petty revenge - or those buttons are in french!
My dad at the store
An eye for an eye
Neighbors abandoned me at apartment elevator, i left a silent surprise
Don't do your worklist? I'll give you more work
Person who wasn’t handicapped parked in a handicapped spot
How the life’s of my crackhead neighbours got ruined.
Waste my time? Okay, sit tight.
Your Ass is Grass
Waiter calls out a guest on how much she tipped while remaining professional.
Make me feel like an outsider in your country, I make you feel like one in yours.
Petty revenge against my own son
Hope you enjoy hard bass Russian songs
Petty Revenge Over A Video Game Poster
Neighbour refused to turn down their music. Enjoy Spice Girls on loop at full volume.Decide To Take All The Video Game Posters? You're In For A Treat
Stiff me..... get beeped at in the middle of your party.
Driving instructor breaks law, cyclists lose him credibility and money
School bully tries to bully the teacher
Sorry, I’m just an “ambulance driver”.
A girl befriends me and uses my disabilities against me to try to steal my bf
Preface- I work at Chick-Fil-A.
I Need Help!!
Entitled Mommy : Don't buy chocolates, it's upsetting my kid!
Dog poop revenge
The pettiest a dishwasher can be
The pettiest a dishwasher can be.
The pettiest a dishwasher can be
Call me a know-it-all? No knowledge for you!
Take my phone then listen to baby shark!
You call me by my first name, I call you by yours
Man yells at me has to drive back 2 hours for a simple battery repair
When karma arrived at 9AM I was ready.
Eat disgusting? Fine
Totally wack girl plays 2 boys, so we get revenge
Do NOT try to make me be the meat in your parking-spot sandwich.
Call me a racist? I'll prove you wrong.
Not a necessity, so NO
Ex girlfriend trying to trash talk me and block me everywhere? Fine, let's play her game by her rules by my logical standards.
Horrible Housemates, I’m Moving Out...
Drag race in my neighborhood, get your car towed.
My two cents
Refer me, I’ll refer you!
Take my free gas station coffee? Not anymore.
The Girl who lied to me got her Love Life Ruined
Try to give me Cooties and that’s your ass.
You don't think I should work at the register?
Lady you forgot your Mcflurry
I added new words to his computer's dictionary.
1 fish 2 eggs
after being told I'm not the best artist to exist ever I've created a song that states otherwise
A middle school bully
Driving instructor apologises
Hello I need to exact my revenge on my mother.
Insult my best friend? Get both of your accounts permanently deleted and lose your friends
r/TarkovSnips
Milano packets get stolen and revenge
Lie, cheat, steal on me and run out on your bills... I think NOT!
I got Revenged Porned from someone with a temporary green card who will now be put in jail and lose citizenship, best case scenario.
A Cut to the Win
Nope, I haven't seen your [Insert missing item]
Supervisor messed with the wrong pretty bitch
I quit.
Board President wants to turn in his article a week late? I'll put a funeral home ad on the page
Best comeback to my mom
I screwed a guy in my class over for stealing my scooby snacks.
Was I bad to get some satisfaction....
Change the payment terms on me? Fine, enjoy the new minimum
Why you shouldn't be a jerk to someone in a close-knit community
Drive like an idiot to get in front of me in just to sit in bumper to bumper traffic? Enjoy my high beams for the next 20 minutes.
No Nether For Us? No Nether For You
The pettiest of coffee mugs
Gaming revenge from 40 years ago
Who knew stools were a big deal?
Why you shouldn't be a dick to someone in a close-knit community
Rabbit Poop Too
Cab driver lied to us, so we got back
Don't come minutes before closing
Please don't come in minutes before closing
Don't turn your bass down, new neighbor? Here let me make your stereo sound broken.
How I made my classmate rage over a game of badminton!
My dad thought I was tampering with the wifi, so I actually did tamper with the wifi
Lunch Detention for the Year
That one Neighbor everyone hates
I Win Nut Check Game...That I wasn't playing
got someone fired thru a google review
Catastrophic Event, more like catastrophic pettiness
Well done Karen
Hit and run on my car, I don't think so Karen.
test
Public Parking cannot be Reserved
Paying back my disrespectful, disgusting roommate
Karm is my petty revenge
Need proof I missed your class to go to a funeral, I'll give you proof.
Mom gets mooned and retaliates
What's that smell?
Absolutely roasted a customers end product because of their rudeness and unappreciativeness appreciate the border you fuck
Roommate kicked me out...
Revenge at McDonald’s
got someone fired thru a google review
I'll gladly pay you Tuesday for hamburger today...
Me And My Friends Got Even With Bully Teacher By Taking/Loosening All The Screws In His Chair
Petty revenge for a narcissistic mother-in-law
Don't be an asshat if you have a unique looking car
It was on why it should be legal to shoot kids on the street in fortnite costumes on Halloween
Y’all never gonna sleep cause of me!
Steal our snacks? Have a shitty day!
Steal my steam account, i steals hundreds of £s back
A non-parenting mom caught me on the wrong day.
Changed her yearbook superlative from "most witty" to "most shitty", also, dropped her attendance
Lie to get back my $75.00, watch me walk customers away from your business for years!
Girlfriends shitty housemates
Karma Finally Catches Up to The Manager
Mcdonalds Drive Through
Manager is left out to dry for treating me like crapSnitch and be a bitch
An annoying brother
Hope you like glitter
Tweens Hopefully Learn a Little Humilty
Picture it: California, 1964...
Dryers
Dryers
Let your kid take up two spots on a crowded train? Enjoy aching toes and smelling my farts.
Rebound.
Old technology revenge (just found this sub)
Getting my moneys worth
I took a sh*t on my friend's door mat
How i made a guy who bullied me change class.
Rebound
Insist on using YOUR leash? Sure, no problem.
Paid for her food...
Steal my computer account, almost fail your class
Not sure if this is petty but.... You won't pay for broadband, no WiFi for you Sir.
Received a Phishing E-mail...
Short and sweet. I usually don't think this fast
She falsely accused me of harassing her, so my friend got some revenge for me
Unusually quick thinking by my standards - Very short.
Want to write me up for not following rules? No problem! We will follow ALL the rules!
How to be petty with coffee mugs
How to piss someone off with coffee cups
Tell me to cover up in my own yard, be beholden to my thighs every Summer
Rude patient demands form to renew driver's licence even though he failed. So I, along with the owner make him pay - literally!
Good luck streaming the Oscars without WiFi
Customer making fun of my accent, I make it way thicker
Baby Shower for adults
I goaded a road rager into getting a speeding ticket
Block the parking lot, I take the next spot
Don’t insult the chickens.
Revenge on an ass
Sit in the parking lot blaring your music when everyone else is trying to sleep? Enjoy my horn.
You shove me, I shove you
What’s the best way to get petty revenge on a co-worker?
Try to phish me, say goodbye to your email account
Just to get it out there
Group lead doesn't update the final draft of a project report, Prof wants us all to take a hit
Crotch duck
Call the cops on me? Thanks, it will make the eviction process easier.
Sometimes Success is the best revenge
Best way to send an anonymous email?
plz
test post
No Contract, No Deal.
No Contract, No Deal.
No Contract, No Deal.
No Contract, No Deal.
No Contract, No Deal.
Rude customer? That's fine I'll take my sweet, sweet time.
I need advice
My transphobic mother got what she was coming to her
I used my friend’s bath towel to wipe his piss off the toilet seat
I reported a guy for selling coke on a cruise after he used me to buy drinks for another girl
Stop stealing my ice cream
Nephew is a fucking dick, so I shut off the wifi.
Continuously Double-Parking Neighbor
Ignore my emails, fail the class
Cold-blooded toddler
I might or might not have stole her towel while she was in the shower
Don’t contribute to the project? Don’t expect a good grade.
You tell my friends that my voice sounds bad when I am deaf? Fine.
You want to be a dick? Fine, I'll be one too.
Petty idiot tries to get friends ip and infect it with malware over Minecraft scamming, gets debunked and banned due to simple google search.
Frozen food, burnt food, frozen food, etc.
Never steal a parking spot
Frozen food, burnt food, frozen food, etc.
He take, I take times 87
Want me to work when I asked for it off? Nah mate.
Please send whatever
You Might Wanna Think Twice Before Insulting a Deaf and Blind individual Attempting to Be Helpful to Others and Part Take in Discussions. :)
Never judge a book by its cover
Think you know more about soccer than me? Guess again.
Dont let anyone use the bathroom when you shower?Enjoy the cold.
Phone number "pranks"
Two Cheaters
Hit me, get yo hand covered in poop.
You leave me a bathrobe, I leave you a towel
not stick to the rules that apply to everyone? well have fun sorting through 100s of fake registrations for your big summer event
Short traffic revenge
Short traffic revenge
Leave dead goldfish in a communal bathroom? What did you think was going to happen?
I just destroyed my older brother
I destroyed my evil art teachers pride
School Bus Driver gets revenge
Need revenge help ! Had someone steal hundreds worth of my clothes - I have their address and bank router number ? Help ?
Bedazzled revenge
Roommate breaks washing machine after dumping my laundry on top of a toilet brush.
Almost rear end me; you can get a ticket!
Peeing on a mean neighbour’s lawn chairs
Don't stop, get a thop
What's that on your brand new car?
I pop my fiends bike with thumb tacks
Exposing People That Give You STDs
He harassed me, so I timed him out.
lying does not get you anywhere
Family cuts in front of me, I become the kid's mentor. (Med.)
Micromanage me? Go ahead, you might not work here anymore after though[Request]revenge on a friend
Mum had an affair.
Justice on a reckless driver
I could get my teacher fired.
Roommates playing loud music? Log into the parental control settings of your router and lock him/her out of the internet
i could get my teacher fired
Mod removed my photo so I reported every post in the last 24hrs that didn't meet their self imposed rules.
Oh you’re sleeping? I’ll use the microwave.
Tell on me for something we did together? Time for a yeast infection.
My petty revenge for getting my phone taken away unfairly
Revenge on a sidewalk parker?
She tried to get me fired and steal my husband... I waited for her to get her own husband and then destroyed her marriage
Does it count if it was on Minecraft?
Wanna rev your supped up truck engine at 11:00pm...
Roommates playing loud music late at night? Log in to the parental control settings and lock him/her out of the internet
Let me move that trash barrel for you
Oh, you want your old job back, Karen? not happening.
"Just shut up and play"
Ice cream 🍦
TIL: My Gmail was compromised..... so I upgraded "OUR" new Hulu account!
Lock me out? Have fun waiting for your clothes to dry.
How do I annoy a friend who borrowed money but now refuses to return it?
My husband and I have petty revenge wars
You want to get frap all over me? Oops, it's all over the plushes you bought now
Wifi-less finals week
I can’t park there but you can do it illegally? No you can’t
Don't lie about Sex. Ever.
Okay, I'll go make your food.
Fuckboi fucks up
Sweet, Shitty revenge
You want to act like a child? I'll treat you like one.
Found on Facebook
Please do the work the manager has assigned. Or I'll make you work more difficult
I'll take that in $1.00 bill, thanks.
Breakup revenge fantasy
Played the ultimate mind game on my emotionally abusive ex trapped at sea.
Loud crackhead neighbour gets to listen to lil Troy on repeat for a long weekend
I only have one post, so any ideas are welcome
I'll take that in $1.00 bill, thanks.
Don't ask permission first, then no cookies for anyone!
Second day as a cashier, owners didnt train me and left me alone for a day so they could go to yoga, rang up everything as milk and owed them $200 which i paid in coins.
painting pettiness
Don't do work from the work-list? I'll give you extra work
The time I took away months of hard work from a scammer
Bag of cockroaches
I'll take that in $1.00 bill, thanks.
oh, you want your old job back, karen? not happening
Fk your grades
No means NO!!
Don't take responsibility? Enjoy a very tiring workday!
She splashed me so I smeared dog poop over her house and car
Pissed off impatient person at a drive through! Payed for her food!
Painting pettiness
Painting pettiness
Fine, I will reimburse you
Forcing my soon to be ex-boss to come in on the weekend
I could get my teacher fired.
I could get my teacher fired.
“Lying, vengeful hag” Petty revenge that aged like fine wine.
Distracted driving? Enjoy paying your toll!
You destroy my brothers sand castle and tell us to F off. Have fun getting a new phone
The light
Drink my water? Drink my waste.
SHEEPSHEAD BAY FRAUDSTER CASE vs HOME DEPOT DISMISSED BY SUPREME COURT JUDGE
If you're going to call me 3 times a day, starting the day after you took STI tests, you're going to have to wait a week to get your results
Bad CoD player
The man had a heart attack, Karen.
Hired and fired
Spray me with water? Right back at ya....
You don't work here
How would you handle a group of homophobic, redneck roofers
Thank you kind person
Steal my milk, have a watery tea
A woman at work was stealing from my snack drawer.
Coins galore
Coins galore
Take my food? Enjoy drinking messed up Lucozade!
I want her to know that I know she blocked me
Impatient lady gets upset and tailgates me trying to cut around traffic, so I make her more upset.
I have never felt better when the beat drops
I have never felt better when the beat drops
Group member didn't put my name on a small class assignment
Wife's revenge
Have Fun Showering
$20 car wash
Some lady gets upset with my driving, so I make her more upset.
Don't do your worklist? I'll give you more work.
Don't do your worklist? I'll give you extra work
Want to recline your seat the full way for a 9 hour flight? Then let me make your flight miserable
Want to recline your seat the full way for a 9 hour flight? Then let me make your flight miserable
Replant me? Get scratches
I sleep on the couch everyweekend? Let me play you some music
I have to sleep on the couch? Let me play some music for you
I have to sleep on the couch? Hope you REALLY like Jack Black
Musican got a LOT of editing ahead.
Musican got a LOT of editing ahead.
Dumping your workload on me to complete for you because you’re lazy and it’s due the next morning? Let me come in late to the office the next day so you can get the next batch of workload.
Stalking the Cookie Monster (it was suggested I put this here)
The search for phone signal
This is NEXT LEVEL PETTY!!Home Depot rain cover parker...
Here's your last rent payment
lunch janitor gets revenge
Bitch
lunch janitor gets revenge
Honking at a green light
Guy let his dog use my yard as a toilet and wouldn't clean it up
'Forgot' to add me to party groupchat? I'll 'forget' to chip in my share of the food too
Maybe they’ll change their forwarding address now!
Don't wanna share? You're gonna watch us eat!
Spoiled brat ruins my day I get him expelled from school.
Reserved toilet? Enjoy becoming the most known free toilet in the area.
Left out in the snow
Dont piss off Fijians
Neighbor thought to bully me. I convinced him it was a bad idea.
That one time a cop knocked on my door, but I got my upstairs neighbor in trouble instead
They didn't let my best friend enter America
My brother is out for revenge, but he didnt anticipate mom throwing her hat in too
Wanna be rude for no reason good luck getting out
Maybe not talk shit about me, hmmm?
Need advice for petty revenge
Friends are family
How can I get revenge
I think you dropped this.
PIZZA TIME!
Bridezilla wants my email address. Bridezilla does not get it.
Try to get my car towed? Fine. I'll park in 2 spots
Operation southern freedom
The Bully That got what was coming
Great revenge on a shitty neighbor
Recommendations?
Neighbor refused to turn down TV at 3am, and I left on my stereo on full blast.
He got what he deserved
Yes actually...I DO mind.
Crisp Revenge
[Meta] Oopsie. Comments removed in the past 24ish hours.
My neighbor has been stealing my packages....
Don't want to listen to me in English? Let's try Spanish instead
Petty feud with candidate running for state rep
Have fun wiping your butt.
Got in an argument about 20 cents
Petty Revenge Through Pokemon GO
Abusive ex wanted a dress back ...
I asked for the big slice nicely
Thinking of getting my boyfriend fired
Making the Best of a Shitty Situation
Making the Best of a Shitty Situation
How to get revenge on this tow company? (Legally)
Keep kicking my seat see what happens
I revenged on my mom after I saw her in an amateur porno
My last hurrah...
Don't Want to understand and accommodate my IPP?
You made fun of us, now your face is taped in the wall, pig.
Oven thief gets burnt
Pal stole my squirtle plush, so i fucked his crush
College laundry Conundrum
Billy Big Boot down Shitagon Alley
Calculated attack
Chivalry can be petty as well
No coffee
Chivalry is not dead
Break my heart? I’ll ruin your love life
You want me to clean the bathroom on a Friday night when I have a friend over for a movie marathon? Fine I’ll show you how I clean the bathroom
Try to get me to accept your phony fraud call on something suspicious? How about I say no and hang up?
Wreck my car, Let me wreck your life
Win some, lose some.
I am younger than you. I am your boss. You're fired.
Epic Sax Revenge
The War of the Wheelie Bins
You dare steal then hide my phone? Fine, I'll waste your time too then!
Not exactly that petty but still counts
You want to shove a bunch of tiny people around before, during, and after a show? Enjoy that bright red lipstick on your pristine white shirt.
My evil plan
Bad Park Job: Short and Sweet
my sister called me out in front of my family so I called her out
Birthday reward? Not without an account.
Elbow me in the stomach? I’ll just break your ankle (by accident)
Request: How to get revenge on my sister and her boyfriend?
I have gotten so sick of how loud my roomates fuck that I made them a playlist that I blast on my speakers whenever I hear them
The only guy that gets $0.44
Two can play at this game, sir.
Dont be a Ass to the others on the bus
Good luck getting into your parcel
Stop revving up your car or I’ll rev mine
The sweetest revenge on my high school bully.
Unpaired socks
Congratulations on the new haircut!
Rude bicyclists get a taste of their own behavior
Blocked in speed racer
It won't move anymore!
Try to save 0.01 seconds on the subway? Wait 30 more minutes for a bus
Impossible to cancel gym membership
Cheater Karma
Trying to save 0.001 seconds at a subway station? End up waiting 30 mins for a bus
Trying to save 0.01 seconds at a subway station, end up waiting 30 minutes for a bus.
Trollin' Heckin' Revenge On Rude Classmate
Just be patient
Cut me off, enjoy a wet trunk
Make me do all the classwork, cheat on me, and expect to pass the class? Nope, sorry.
Hanging on the lineHe wanted to cut through our yard, so I made him walk through some "Mud"
It doesn't get pettier than this
Don’t be a b!tch to children
My creative writing co-worker doesn't do his share of the group project. I write that into the ending of the story.
US widow to European scammer: “If you’re legit, you have nothing to worry about . . . “
Adorable frenchie
Energy company smuggly tells me their customer service is fine
I Got Revenge On The Same 3 (well mostly only 2 of them) Entitled And Ignorant Bullies (who identify as V-sco girls) During Year 8 Towards The End Of Last Year, It Was Brutal...
“Friend” Gave me his info then taught me a lesson.
Getting revenge against an entire hockey team...
At an Air BNB and woken up by another guest.
Cousin played song which i didnt like really loudly sooo.... i did the same but LOUDER
Its for security of the building!
Boyfriend dumps me, and I had already purchased an expensive Christmas gift for him
Night shift...don't mess with us
AKA Toe Jam
His new name is, "Toe Jam"
Fake person uses me as friend and hurts me so much with verbal abuse, I get back by using pictures and tagging friends of hers and mine to those pics as revenge
Annoying cousin gets his world destroyed
Be a bad airplane passenger and I make your relaxation anything but relaxing
Hey guys...
Trying fuck me , uno reverse card
Park in my driveway, get your car stuck for a day.
Careful who you call useless
ON YOUR LEFT!!
Lunch etc going missing from fridge at work
I do you a favor and you’re rude? You’ll never get your sandwich again.
Teaching A Parrot
[Extra short] My very recent gf turned out to be a real conflict-lover and tried to pick a fight over my old bag
Entitled kids whilst camping. I give them a shock
Make fun of me, I eat all your food
The long con (revenge)
Fear of Ducks
Bought puppy that died, seller knew lot was sick and refused to take my calls after I spent $1K in vet bills.
Current petty revenge in progress. The airport edition.
I drove right past her
Surprising coming-out
I got to reject my 1st love back 4 years later
I can hear my upstairs neighbor snore through the floor as if he was laying in bed next to me.
Ruining Someone’s Holiday
Roommate internet war
“ Dent my car have fun listening to salsa cookies at 3:00”
The time I made one of my employees quit
I made a scammer visit the post office every day for two weeks thinking I had sent him a package.
Just say thank you next time
Left my bullies stranded in the countryside
She got what was coming
Loud tosser in the open plan office
Break my controller, I break your game
I work at a coffee shop and when customers are rude to me I put extra ice in their drink so they get less liquid.
The underrated value of pay phones
Getting revenge on someone using my phone number
I’ll take your dignity for your insulting words.
No one tell her what's inside her head...
Resign or move out of state
Thief steals my motorcycle off my porch, I get it back and he gets a new set of handcuffs
Ratted out lady to her boss’s boss accidentally.
Don't mess with little girls
The best 3 bucks of my life.
The best 3 bucks i've ever got
My petty revenge in the silent compartment of a train
Bully me for years enjoy a broken nose
Entitled Karen try’s to steal my $10000 telescope so I steal here son
Long ago, before Earth cooled, before cell phones, before graduated drivers licenses...
How to ruin a DC bureaucrat's day?
My mom sent me a book on dog training for my husband’s dog. I sent it back for her new puppy
Won't come down off the roof? Looks like you'll be up there for a while
He hurt my glasses, I hurt his mouth
Planning to get ex coworker fired
Hurry up in bumper-to-bumper traffic?
The door
Tumbleweed Party
High end revenge
My pathetic and immature petty revenge.
Enjoying my ChikFilA
Too lazy on our presentation? Well..
No, a celery garnish doesn't cost $1.00. Yes, you should have informed the customer that the restaurant charges $1.00 for a stick of celery.
I didn't tip the waitress following her failure to inform of the $1.00 charge for a celery garnish.
Honk and flash your lights while we're stopped at a railroad crossing, enjoy karma!
Hello? Grandma?
No, you can just stand there and look stupid
Doggie revenge
Catfish me? I'll catfish you back
How I wasted 20 minutes of someone’s time
Petty? This fits the bill
The Old Man And The Receipt
Waist the hot water, I'll remember that
You forget to pay me back, i forget who your standing next to
Need ideas
Neighbor harasses me into moving, so I dance on her dumb head for a full week
Payback in school
No sales for rude people
The World is Not Your Ashtray
Bring me my money!
was told I should post this here
She probably didn't learn. But I felt better!
Forced my landlord to change the internet speed &amp; router
Entitled lady picking grapes from other bags, I take her picked bag
Emotionally abusive step MIL tries to sue my bf and I for going to Cuba
Phone scamPro tip: don't be a hypocrite.
Scared half to death
Sort of revenge
Petty or Serious
Petty or Serious?
Make my life hell? I’m not going down. (Stink bombing my school and bullies)
Stink bombing my school and bullies
Me and my friends scared kids out of our spot for lunch.
Wake me up from my nap? You don't get a nap either
T.A. hurt my grade, so I ruined a few minutes of his day.
Accidental revenge: feeding the speed trap
Where’s my donuts
Someone hacked a website as petty revenge.
My sisters cat got out and this guy answered the craigslist ad about her cat ( few hours after we found her) this is the first day of me wasting his time. (Very old, all I could find)
I slapped a kid for splashing me in the eye with juice he found on the ground
My annoying teater
Bang on the bathroom door? Alright you'll wait longer
Someone defaced this site for petty revenge
I need your help
Revenge on Police Part 2
You can bank on someone getting arrested...AND fired!
Kid takes shit about me behind his back, get the most annoying form of revenge.
Five years later, karma hits upholsterer who stole our deposit!
You cheat on me, I'll fuck up your future relationships.
Steal my Hue Lights? Enjoy your new, earlier wake up time. :)
Mom Uses Phone Bill to Expose Entitled Grandparents
Want to swerve all over the road and tailgate me doing 85MPH? Enjoy your DUI!
Fizzled Petty Revenge on Mom's Longwinded Voice Mails
Steal my Hue Lights? Enjoy your new, earlier wake up time!
Steal my Hue Lights? Enjoy your new, earlier wake up time. :)
Steal my hue lights? Enjoy being woken up every day a few hours early.
You steal my project? Enjoy losing a year and 10,000$ for it
Fizzled Petty Revenge on Mom's longwinded messages
Made my little brother pee himself for a year on an off for telling the whole school something nasty about me.
Leave me stranded? Alright then watch this.
I got the school bullies expelled
My friend LITERALLY made shit rain down on my bully's face
It takes two to fight? Ok
Slap my face with sunscreen? Enjoy a little concoction of ours...
so i took away 80$ worth of twitch subs from a streamer
so heres my petty revenge story short and sweet
My brother treats me like dirt, and acts entitled so I took a long hot bath.
Spam Called A Company Spam Emailing Me
be a self centered bitch? fine. don’t ask me for anything
Petty Revenge review request... paying off a small fine
Roommate kept messing with the thermostat...
My roommate kept messing with the thermostat...
Cold Showers (With a Twist)
Giving my scum bag of an ex a taste of his own medicine
How I got the bus driver I had for 6 years fired
My social security number has been compromised...
Petty Revenge, and some Karma
Three years ago, someone tried to pay me in "exposure". Today, they finally paid up.
Failed Revenge on Mom's Meandering Voice Mails
Need to sign my ex-roommate up for spam calls
Lazy assistant manager delegates too much
Having actual standards
Got kicked out of the Gym – My Revenge
Petty Revenge on Mom Backfires
Failed Attempt at Petty Revenge on Mom's Meandering Voice Mails.
Failed Attempt at Petty Revenge on Mom's Meandering Voice Mails
Keep leaving voicemails for someone else? I'll make my voicemail message really annoying.
guidance for revenge
My Classmate Failed At Being First One Inside.
That one time I got petty with my Grandma.
That one time I got petty to my Grandma.
I got petty with my Grandma.
Be a petty jerk because I reported you to the RA for health concerns? Enjoy being locked out of our room for the night!
my cats revenge - on me!
A special invite for my roommates
kicking someone out of the family
Revenge on a Coworker
Karen shouts at me because I was having a seizure and didn’t make her food so I...
I am lying about the never-ending program of the dryer? We will see about that.
I got punched in the face
Probably less petty revenge and more just me being an asshole...
Five years later, karma hits the upholsterer who stole our deposit!
this dude on Reddit called me a noob, so I showed him his old comments to embarrass him.
Bully me, fine, threaten my friend, and and up never working in pet grooming again.
You deserved loneliness
Be careful what you hint for
I got punch in the face
No I'm not taking you laptop back
Don't steal my geography textbook
Don't steal my geography textbook
S upervisor trash talks me and then asks me to come in when I’m no longer employed to do him a favor before I leave for Basic Training
A Tribute to John Mulaney
Convenience store owner treated me like shit, so I made his store sticky.
If you hadn't been a racist asshole, you might've gotten away with DUI
A final act of petty revenge
I snitched on my ex for using a fake diploma to enter grad school
A guy who on FB was selling a bad ass panther statue blocked me because I am pro-choice. I repuposed a fake FB account as a pro-life Trump supporter and made him drive 20 minutes for nothing.
I didn't ask for your opinion
Indian Guides Teaches Life Lesson
How Mom Exposed Grandparents' Shit Talking
I failed a kid that decided to copy off of me
Revenge on a Police Officer
Petty Recycling
So mad at my husband right now....
How Mom Exposes Shit-Talking GrandparentsHow Mom Exposes Shit-Talking Grandparents
Mom Exposes Shit-Talking Grandparents
Wanna fight me? Enjoy the cardio lol.
Didn't like my YouTube channel? Enjoy never-ending phone calls!
Didn't like my YouTube channel? Enjoy never-ending phone calls!
A Girl Bullied Me and I Got My Revenge
Friend reports every car and gets them ticketed.
I get refused my right to speak at town hall until the mayor informs the speaker that he answers to me.
Cutting down a loud-mouth middle school bully
The Longest (dec)Line
Pettiest revenge back in High School
Why you shouldn't say no to going to the bathroom.
Slow burning revenge
Won't take my offer? You should have taken it.
revenge is best served frozen
I kept reckless driver from not being able to park at the bank.
Think I am a joke! Well the jokes on you!
Grumpy impatient bitch gets emotionally scarred
Colleague tries to embarrass me. Doesn’t know my background, gets a taste of their own medicine
About 18 years ago as a college freshman, I spent $1.75 on revenge.
The girl behind me wouldn’t let me focus, so I showed her how much brutal honesty sucks
Cinema Revenge
Got revenge on my bro for teasing me about drinking my dad's piss
Toilet Cloth
Snap my pencil. I'll snap yours. Do it again and you're screwed.
Bronchitis: The silent killer (of friendships).
Petty gum huh fine
School demands I remove my daith peircing or provide note, mum forced school to pay the small medical fee to get doctors note.
She embarrassed me. Why'd she have to be so rude about it?
No, I won't go to your church. Take my bedroom door? I have a plan to fix that, REAL quick.
You know how easily you can be replaced right?
Convinced my mom she ate chips covered in dog snot
You know how easily you can be replaced right?
Pretend to be a restaurant? Get all you can eat pasta!
How I got my bully to move away
How I got my middle school bully to move away.
Revenge on my little brother
Mess with my console? I poop on your carpet!
She insulted me, I stole her job. (Short)
Be annoying and draw on my friends expensive backpack? How about losing all your work and having to do your essay again.
A Lingering Stink of Revenge
Send a d*ck pic to my best friend? Have fun without a job!
Enjoy your last day on vacation
How we just love EA...
How to quiet down some inconsiderate americans on Superbowl day
My friend has put ads up with my number
Korean stranges takes my picture (right infront of me)
I can't get extra spinach on my sandwich?
How to get accidental Revenge
revenge on my “best friends”
sweet sweet revenge on my “best friends”
Takes parking space, Van blocked in and covered in bin juice
Parking is for residents only!
Ruined guy's life for threatening me
The Flat Tire
Steal my saved up money? Say goodbye to your account.
Deadbeat crook
Arrogant college guy. Major humiliation.
All you need to know: FACE - KITTY - POOP
Husband’s girlfriend caught forging my name on my car title.
Getting sweet revenge on a dangerous driver
“Black people pass on UGLY GENES!” (short)
Just checking
Getting revenge on a dangerous driver
I get petty revenge on a douchebag driver
The man who wanted complete silence in the metro
The j*** who wanted complete silence in metro
Petty Cheer team revenge
Cheerleading Team Revenge
I Took His Crush
To be white at all costs: skin whitening in India
The “Broken” Electric Organ
sOThe annoying train ride
My Friend was saying I have a crush on someone and I exposed his Crush
Truly petty bus revenge
I made my bully never bully me again
Stay On Your Lane
Getting My evil boss arested
Bully me at work? Enjoy your 90-minute commute.
Sister stole my keys so I stole her gas
Pettiness over concert
Want to occupy two bus seats?
How dare you tow my parents' car!
Try to prank call me multiple times? Enjoy getting freaked out.
Prank call me multiple times? Enjoy being creeped out.
gas station story
Trying to scam me by asking for management and pretending you are my accountant? I hope you got time to spare.
Diskette drive revenge
No soup for you! Another petty revenge story on my housemates fiancée.
Lie about me to my friends in the office and continue to spread hateful gossip because I have a son to care for? Thanks for making my life easier!
Sweet sweet petty revenge
Badgered into making Christmas treats in January and I still managed to make them with love
Christmas cookies in January deserve something special (medium)
Nice and hot day.
I’m so sick of picking up the slack!
Denied sale to a racist.
Denied sale to a racist.
Mechanic tries to rip off teenage girl, I hope he likes cat facts!
Student suspended over a paper
Disabled Lawyer tries to take advantage of the wrong person.You'll have to wait for that mp3 player.
My desk? My stuff.
Customer Karens a little too hard and misses out on a $100 store voucher
Pokemon Card Karma
Kid who called me autistic, got what he had coming..
I crop dusted nearly an entire aisle of a movie theater when I was in high school.
Pick on the little girl playing paintball? Enjoy your forced timeout.
Who's Afraid of the Big Bad Dad? Big Bad Dad? Big Bad Dad?
Who's Afraid of the Big Bad Dad? Big Bad Dad? Big Bad Dad?
This girl copied me... I did this!
Small post--small revenge: but funny
Petty Office Prank
My teacher took my away my phone
I pissed off my worst enemy with a blackboard and some chalk.
Loading zones are for loading!
I need to (legally) get some sort of vengeance on this guy
Ableist Teacher Shown How it Feels to Be Bullied Over Something He Didn't Decide
Need our ID? Why?
Grandma eats my food and i do it back
Popular girl cheated off the wrong person
Moving out, want to make some timed stink bombs or other timed things to return the favor to my roommate from hell.
Petty Parking Revenge on Serial Parking Offender
Guy in Highschool had no idea who I was, got him back years later
Leaves junk-mail on trashy neighbor’s car
Annoying attention-seeking kid gets what he deserves.
Bully me for years? Here's some porn for your drive
Bully no more
Kid who called me autistic, got what he had coming...
My roommate is an asshole. So I limit his wifi to dialup speeds.
over work me but under-work other students, have fun translating Chinese
My bully for 3 years humiliated in front of his friends
Best Served Cold with Whipped Cream &amp; a Cherry
Tiny accidental revenge
I've been annoying my brother by messing with his tv for years and he's never noticed.
When an HR's weekly name-and-shame campaign backfires
sorry this is a test, will be deleted immediately
outdoor sports class with a jerk
The pettiest revenge I ever had
The pettiest revenge I ever had
Petty Revenge
Co-Worker gets a taste of her own medicine.
GLORIOUS revenge on my childhood bully for 9 years of bullying and a revoked birthday party invitation
Got some petty revenge on my daughter for trying to prank me for a Youtube video. Backfired and now everyone's mad at me.
I'll show you I belong here
Bully regrets beting whit me..
Need help with payback!! Please help
Payback
Dad's long term revenge on my aunt and Uncle in law
Dads petty revenge on Aunt
My mother's brother annoyed her so she peed on him
Don't mess with the person with the upper hand
What can cause instant violent diarrhea
Revenge on a smoker
Mother's revenge on cheating baby daddy
Whose account is it, anyway?
Taxi driving like a jerk with an old lady in the back
Grandma Bella's Perfectly 'Shitty' Aim ..
Lights out you bunch of onions.
Vegan Sausage Rolls
Honk and drive at pedestrians? I'll just spit on your car
Block traffic and steal my parking spot? Glad you have mirrors.
Girl Didn't Give Me Takis So I didn't give her the answers
Lazy Coworker Loses Chair Privledges
Don't mess around with bored "programmer"
I’ll take your pettiness and raise you
Friend Cheated so someone gave him the old tell the teacher
Moved into messy sublet, made their Spotify a top Post Malone fan
Moved into messy sublet, made their Spotify a top Post Malone fan
Petty Revenge at the Petrol Pump
Call me names? I'll kill your weed
Broken Ankle = A Life Time of Guilt
French this my dear!
You want Jack in the Box? Okay, but if you're not back in about 2 Minutes, you'll be towed.
Lockers
Made a brown-nosing Marine fail barracks inspection
Am I too petty?
Revenge on a guy who had me drive an hour for a date and treated me terribly
My moms petty revenge against her boss
How to make half a class fail an essay
How to make half a class fail an essay
Hack my google account. Ok then
Call code enforcement on weeds during the rainy season? Enjoy a year-round yard full of weeds.
If i were religious, I'd apologise to a god for this one
Cant take 15 seconds to move your car? Alrighty...
Don’t tailgate me
Someone stole my minecraft skin so now she’s a slut
I let him bang on the door for 2 hours
got that bitch fired
My friend ate the bully's cough sweets (honestly sounds boring lol)
The line cutter
I don't even feel bad
Brothers
The pen thief
I wipe my ass with my ex's ashes
I wipe my ass with my ex's ashes
Low baller gets dealt with
Male classmate told my teacher to write his notes for him but he got shut down
"Gotta be smarter than the mice!"
Gotta problem with a extra rib?
bully me? try and say I started it, go on.Never Hack
Revenge is a food Best served cold
Bitchy teacher tries to give me an F for writing my opinion in an essay asking for our opinion.
Gave a bully detention using school supplies
Fishing Heist
Help with territorial dentist office
How my best friend killed two birds with one stone
don't want to play? to bad.
My ex-roommate is a homicidal maniac, and so I'm destroying his entire life.
they made me go to the back of the queue but I still went before them
they sent me to the back of the line but I still went before them
Make fun of me for being nice? Eat dog food like the B you are.
Make fun of me for being nice? Eat dog food like the B****es you are.
Shut down half the department
Friendship over virtual items
Stealing my virtual stuff.
Wanna post porn? GET BLOCKED ON YOUR BIRTHDAY
At my last job a coworker was dating my boss and I found out. They lied to the regional to get me fired.
My sister didn't like guitar music so I played it super loudly.
My biology teacher tried to humiliate me but I turned it on him
since you like that parking spot so much...
Photographer wants to take pictures of casualtys? Gets Camera taken away by paramedic.
Poo handle
I put the avocado in my drawer with my name on it and he ate it anyways
Dad gets petty revenge on pissing teens
Don't mess with 2 best friends/Uncles
this is the story
Call me names? Say buh-bye, Wifi
Staten Island New York.
Internet Asshole
Taking the low road with a rabid BTS fan
Thanks for drinking beer from my new shoes, I guess
Dress Coded by a 10 y/o
H
Girl gets suspended for trying to throw my book
Guy parks in parent and small child spot and got what he deserved
Insult me, Screw around with My Boyfriend, Ok I make you parent disowned you
Bully me? Get ready to PAY UP
Fake Face Tattoo
Loud Puppy Abuser gets Evicted and Puppy "Stolen"
Talking in the quiet area? Imma gonna slightly mess up your knitting project.
Mess with my family and boss, don’t touch your computer mouse
I added all the words my boss couldn't spell into the Microsoft word dictionary before I left.
I added all the words my boss couldn't spell into the Microsoft Word dictionary.
Can't think of a title
Not that petty? I think?
I'm not a Dog
Sweet sweet revenge
A Vent About Stranger Aggression
Apple doesn’t fall far from the tree.
Try to destroy my manga books and steal my beys well I guess you lost your monthly rent !
Not sharing food? You're going to regret it.
You won't move your bag in a full train? Well now you can walk
Glitter Aurora
Sabotaged my Own Card Game Partner
Entitled Driver
Creative petty revenge for no refund victory
PUFF PUFF JAIL!
You Drive Slow? I Walk Slow...
Teenagers blocked me in so I blocked them in for 3 hr
Puff Puff Jail.
Priest was sinful
Neighbor lets dog poop on my porch on purpose
Eat my pizza see what happens
Is revenge worth it?
Anyone who lives in an apartment with a super loud neighbor what was your best petty revenge win?
Your grandma died (again) and you need money to go to her funeral again? Sure let's contact your mom to send my condolences first.
Old Neighbor vs Young Prick
Double Revenge
I need petty revenge ideas!
"You just don't understand"
"We don't want anyone 'too rough' sitting with us."
A dick classmate is gonna have to watch me perform his part in the school musical
Seat hogging? Get jogging.
"I'm getting the hose."
Rip annoying kid’s ear
If I am willing to deal with the fallout, is it illegal to put these signs in my upstairs apartment window along a fairly busy street? MI
Landlord trying to evict all 3 of there tenants for separate reason. I honestly just want to make sure noone else gets screwed, but I'll be petty to support my Girlfreind and Baby Girl.
Quitting on my jerk boss before his vacation
Annoying vs annoying
My classmate were bothering my classroom, so i turned off his pc
got girl back for marking my top.
Impatient rude worker yells at me for being too slow. Gets a taste of his own medicine. [Long]
Copying kid gets a D because of me
tortured the AC worker with horror movies when I realized he was wasting time
Rude Lady on Facebook Market Place ends up selling to me anyways..
Stop washing your car!! I want to wash mine!! OK Keren
Don’t enjoy what is served to you? Then you probably won’t like it forty years later either
Sent Briters Choosy Beggar Girl Friend to Jail
EM and EK snatch a shirt I liked. Then, EK likes a shirt, but can’t afford it, so I buy the shirt instead.
Student expected honor roll because he asked for it.
You switch off my laptop? Have fun in detention! (repost from r/prorevenge)
Game. Set. Match
Bully me and lead my friend on. Feel super uncomfortable
Next Christmas...
Fake maggots vs toilet paper
Sent new neighbor to the police station for a few hours
The "lost" medal
Not paying for small town ticket.
Bikes and a broken leg.Im looking for a meme regarding being pregnant and being cheated on.. could use some help!
Petty revenge for my landlord
Con a minister, lose your job and more
Female deliver driver
My first Karen: The dawn of cell phones and retail aggravation
Crying on cue and customer feels bad for choice of words.
Adjunct Professor Wastes My Time
My husband said my period was “gross”
Redirected a client's website to goatse to get him to pay me.
High school ex decided to spread false rumours about me to ruin my reputation, I retaliated with the truth.
Over Half of My Class Received A C...Oops
Over Half of My Class Received A C...Oops
They want my answers; Too bad ladies
Trouble making customer gets what he deserves (loses his own job)
Stay classy in the carpool lane
Returning fire on the roadway
I don’t care if you’re on mobile, use punctuation
Highschool kids sells my boyfriend a broken game controller, so I locate the kid’s mom on Facebook to let her know of her son’s ‘side hustle.’
I peed in my cousins shoes for breaking my game
You want to play your music loud? Fine, study in the dark.
a "little mistake"
Dads plan ruined
I made my awful roommate leave by playing pink guy
Asshole at go-cart track gets what he Deserves
“You’re pretty now. So it’s different”
I’ll take the receipt if you really insist
Get creepy on my partner? Enjoy your IKEA puzzle.
College professor incorrectly grades me and harasses me online.
My brother sprayed vinegar on my toothbrush
Boyfriend gets pissed one of his vendors employees sends his GF flowers.
Customer played reverse UNO on her husband
Being a jerk? Enjoy getting busted
Country Music stars get generated.
My B-Day came late, and this seller ate the cost!
My mom irrationally hates the tv show “Lucifer” because “ITS ABOUT THE DEVIL,” so when we text now, I try to use gifs from the show whenever possible and she has no idea what they’re from.
My B-Day came Late, and this seller ate the cost!
Staff duty nco pisses on floor, I make sure he touches it
Racist Admin
“You’re pretty, so it’s different now”
Hdsiab
Phone Monkeys Can Be Resourceful
I got revenge on a stupid teacher
Bully Teases Me About My Grandma Dying
Highschool kid scams my (28f) boyfriend (27m), so I locate the kid’s mom on Facebook to let her know of her son’s ‘side hustle.’
I hate my dad so I do little stupid things to drive him crazy.
My meeting wasn't enough? Fine then..
An Ex-friend got a good friend in ISD so i got her in there too.
Past bully says “You’re pretty now so it’s different”
Information is power.
Rude Chinese customer insults me in Chinese thinking I don’t understand, so I implicitly tell him to fuck off in Chinese.
My boyfriend friend is using his uber without permission. He doesn't know we know. What do we do?
I Threw a Party as Crazy Jerk's Legacy Burned Down in Front of Him
My friend doesn't like people making fun of his friends
Blocking me from cracking my eggs, get blocked from making cupcakes
Roosters in the Henhouse
I'm not your assistant, buddy
Don’t mess with my sleep
Touch my bra? I get you suspended.
Park partially in the quick pickup spot? Dance for me.
At 16 a few months ago I bought my first car all on my own and the person completely scammed me. The floorboards were rusted through and most parts of the cars mechanics were in horrible condition. He told me there were no problems with it and that it was a fantastic first car for me.
Neighborhood Bully Teases Me About My Grandma Dying
I killed My First YouTube Hater With Kindness
Have a hot temper I’ll freeze you out
Pastor goes off on entitled church goers
Egotistical girl I rejected tries to belittle me. I dip.
This is a sweet story of revenge
They call me Rick James because I'm cold blooded.
Call me later!
Nutella Thief Got What Was Coming
Crappy neighbour is loud at night so I do the same while he is trying to sleep
Small victory against childhood bully
Egotistical girl tries to belittle me? Ok, I'll ignore her
Egotistical Girl Tries to Belittle Me. I Ignore Her.
Egotistical Girl I Rejected Tries to Belittle Me; I Ignore Her
Don't mess with a fisherman
Man berates elder for being too slow so I went EXTRA slow
Sister roasted me a bit too much so I used her toothbrush to clean myself.
Plumbing Instructor was rude to me, so I let his shop fail safety inspection and get a write up
They cut down our tree so I got revenge
Revenge on a teacher.
eh...
Got my first taste of petty revenge 25 years ago and the reaction still makes me chuckle
Got my first taste of petty revenge as a kid, still makes me chuckle 25 years later.
Friend hogs snacks, good luck getting your bag!
Should I expose my former bosses?
I click on ads for organizations I don’t like. This charges then money and gives them false hope their ads are working.
He wasn't really the burglar. I wasn't really the IRS.
Will you help me execute some petty revenge?
Trying to gentrify our block? Good luck convincing anyone to buy near us...
Ignore the fact my friend has cerebral palsy... we make the bus ride a nightmare
My response to a Happy New Year 2020 email from an H&amp;R accountant.
Annoying the guy who's annoying bar patrons
I anonymously told an old school bully she had a miscarriage for being horrible to other kids when we were younger.
Wasting a scammers time. Best 25 minutes spent!
Wasting a scammers time
Entitled Hot Woman gets her "attention"
Email Spam - Alternatives to Mailbait
Idk if this even counts as petty revenge
When someone takes more parking space than needed
Yell at us for ten minutes and then have a bunch of packages to ship? That mistake is gonna cost you.So there’s this guy on Xbox who is calling ppl the n word called FreShuVacaDo, can y’all message him this as vengeance?
A-hole tailgates me when I'm already speeding... so I set them up for a speed trap
You can't build a computer as well as my guy friend
One of my antics ended up causing an evacuation of the DoD Hotline
Revenge on Spanish Teacher
Someone put my wet clothes in the floor in the laundry room, so I unplugged her washer machine
Revenge of the Trees
Cussed at for doing my job
Petty revenge with a small amount back
Cussed at for doing my job
Grief me ok I will make you rage quit
Cussed at for doing my job...
I don't have a choice huh?
Ideas to get back at my crappy job....
I made these stealing customers pay for their stolen food
Sister tries to jumpscare visitors she gets surprised back.
You blank me I annoy u
How can I take revenge on the guy who started dating my crush before I had the courage to express my feelings for her??😞
Copy editor bullies me, I make work harder for him
The mispronunciation war
Stealing more than he bargained for
Karma's A Bitch
She won't date me cause i'm black (which is cool) but don't expect to date my half black friend either.
Won’t give me gas money? Cool I’ll sell your China for more guns.
Why just why?
When someone takes more parking spaces than needed
Why just why r/pettyrevenge
I can’t go to the toilet? Okay
Ex cheats with best friend and gets pregnant
I stole a pencil😌
Make Fun of me in Korean? I'll speak Korean right back.
I made my enemy sick for messing up my assignment
Old couple always fights at night, we'll vacuum every morning as early as possible
Entitled Kid ignores safety warnings and ‘falls’ in a pond
Cashier Petty Revenge
So I ruined a game of Cards against Humanity...
Store worker talks shit about cousin in language she understands
Made my manager admit she was wrong
Destin from Smarter Every Day Acting Petty.
I don’t get no sleep cause of y’all? Y’all not gon get no sleep cause of me.
If you want to destroy employee morale and benefits then maybe you won't work here anymore.
Moral High-Ground
Just a Love Story
The best, almost untraceable revenge method I have heard of.
Try and force me into your MLM? Okay, I'll own you in your interview and then decline your 'job' offer over the phone.
Noisy neighbours
How I got caught breaking school rules, but got away scott free because the teacher had much more to lose.
Yet another entitled tail-gater story
My mother in law spent $60 in dog treats just to be petty
Need some revenge ideas for a crappy neighbor.
I get revenge against an annoying bully
Ew nigger
Made a witty comment in my Physics class because the teacher made fun of one of my explanations.
Teacher screen piranha on grade schooler festival.
Karen principal takes my phone while I’m texting my mom to pick me up AFTER school and while I’m outside, so I of course did what any normal person would do.
Impatient driver gets pulled over
Teachers, TAs, Collage Professors:What Sweet Revenge did you unleash upon You "That Student"?
I slept with his ex to spite him
My dad got revenge over my sister's manipulative boyfriend
Pad lock the porta potty? I'll piss on the lock in sub zero conditions. [Repost*]
Grandma demands I watch grandpa’s food... alright.
I convinced my mom her cable box was broken - twice
Teacher bans me from library, I don't return my book
Padlock the porta potty? I'll piss on the lock in sub zero temperatures.
Cheat with my man and try to break me. I will make you pay.
Dont piss off the person that knows everything
Substitute teacher learns her lesson
Smelly Receipts
Some collective pettiness
A little something
Anytime someone tips me under 15% but enough for the bill to be a whole number, I mess it up.
Boss gets insulted by the person hes interviewing...
Smelly Receipts
Receipt messages
Don't call me Sweetie
Crazy Ass Neighbor almost KILLED MY DOG!
You wanna be gross? I can be grosser.
My neighbors play loud music during the day.
The time I smashed my own pottery to fail a class mate
Hey Come Back. Don't Flea
Revenge, Served Cold, after 3 years. on my college Senior.
Revenge, Served Cold, after 3 years. on my college Senior.
Friend's Ex needed a little lesson, by a catfish.
Got a brown-nosing sergeant
Salary Brag? Enjoy The Tip
The Broadway Burper
Stranger put an ice cube down my pants at the club...
Neighbors Mad I Parked in “THEIR SPOT” and continuously file fake noise complaints so I had to teach them a lesson
Annoying Neighbors
Impatient speeding soccer mom can sit at the light for a few minutes.
Ex-wife accused me of cheating, So I did
My Ex-Wife accused me of sleeping with my friend, so I did
Keep me awake when I desperately need sleep? Two can play at that game.
Got a guy fired over a chicken bowl!!!!
Who steals gas caps??
bullies SUCK
Grade my final Art Criticism early? Okay let me create a report.
block the bathroom for an hour straight? sure you don‘t mind if I wash the dishes in the meantime.
Ruined a Lady's a day before Christmas Eve
Sometimes revenge is just a dish.I Turned My Crazy Grandma's House Upside-down, Literally
I Turned My Grandmother's House Upsidedown, Literally
NEED YOUR Petty Revenge SUGGESTIONS for Defamation on Non-Profit
Got a guy fired for buying my girlfriend food.
Salary Brag? Enjoy The Tip
How I dealt with the racist at the library.
Salary Brag? Enjoy The Tip
Refuse to help me when I’m sick? Enjoy the flu in 7-10 days.
My Mom Made Us Boot Stew
I convinced my mom her cable box was broken... twice
Leave your chair in the way? I'll put it away for you.
Stranger put an icecube down the back of my pants at the club...
All I needed was 1 chance to make it right.
Disney has deep pockets
Karen complains about how expensive her fancied up coffee is? Here, pay more!!
Not my fault you did not do YOUR job....
Fired on my day off! Everyday has been revenge!
Be careful who you tell to F off.
Won't Repair Your Sidewalk and Claim Responsibility? Have Fun With Code Enforcement!
I said I wanted to sit alone
Won't Repair Your Sidewalk and Claim Responsibility? Have Fun With Code Enforcement!
Shiver down his spine
Lock your trike in other employee’s way? I will hide it on you
Rental bait and switch Revenge
all because of a toy drone
all because of a toy drone
A long waited revenge
Help get revenge!
Pretzels
Anime Karen in Training
Roommate was loud for 3 months... so I had phone sex as she fell asleep.
HELP NEEDED
Landmines
I’ll make you come to work anyways
Girl gets backstabbed, does the same to her bad friend
Person hacks my Spotify account, so I switch the song to an embarrasing song
Person hacks my Spotify account, so I switch to a really embarrassing song on them
''Call Monday and you can have free food''
I don't know what to title this
Mono mother
Teacher Offends Friend and Blind Mother
Just following the rules
BMW driver gets what he deserves
Use my story without acknowledging who did the writing okay I'll make you a liar in class
Gave some jackass road rage
Revenge on d*ck locker mate in middle school
Want to Keep Taking 4AM Showers and Waking Me Up? Bet.
The lunchroom payback:Never ignore the crippled kid.
You drew them for me so they are MINE
School Bus Driver Gets Revenger
https://www.reddit.com/r/giofilms/comments/enx0ge/annoy_the_8_year_olds/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=iossmf&amp;utm_term=link
Not tip me? I rape and brutally kill your family
Handicapped Spot Idiocy
Lumber store revenge on picky pickers
Customer has to wait 30 minutes for drinks... just because they were rude to me
I get the maintenance worker from my apartment fired and evicted
Xbox player DDOSing me after beating him in R6 Siege. So I posted their gamertag in sex sub Reddit’s looking for horny men
Kids' petty revenge on my mom
Teacher Offends Friend and Blind Mother
How do I get revenge?
A Small Revenge on Dirty Dishes
Let your mom verbally attack me, you can just pay me for your stuff
Cashier in an electronic store wants to do an insurance at all costs at my item
Cashier in an electronic store wants to do an insurance at all costs at my item
Hospital wanted free art and did not want us there on opening night - Enjoy your free art
College Tales - Girls Do Not Attend Honors Chemistry - Girls do not Understand Logic - TLTR at end
I told my business partners girlfriend about how he wasn’t a virgin when they met and how he lost it to an escort I paid for.
Don’t wanna accept rejection? Okay, I’ll just give you a reason to hate me
A lie for a lie
Small victories (ahhh)
Revenge On The Porch Pirates
Brother had a habit of getting on the PS4 without permission.
Bully me? Fail your test
Burts Bees
The difference between Saliva and Spit
I cause two boys to fail social studies because they did nothing for a project
I pushed another student into a bush.
F*** me over and I'll have your job.
Bully me? Fail your test
Aftercare Aid Thinks She Can Shit on Kids; We Prove Her Wrong
Bully me? Fail your test
A Mothers Revenge
Dad will rub salt in the wounds, or worse
Co-worker from Hell about to get Hell.
An ageist boss tried to fire old employees
An ageist new boss tried to fire old employees
college decisions really DO motivate people hehehehehe
Steal from me..... I steal from you.....
Woman moans about children on the beach woman gets a chilling surprise lol
Helped get my perverted Sous Chef fired
I broke dislocated my brothers jaw for making fun of me
I took a customer's valve stem cap.
A prayer request got a substitute teacher fired.
Embarrassed my a-hole brother that's bullied me for as long as I can remember in front of his girlfriend.
No Ex-Couple is Safe
Should I ghost or pretend we are still dating and fuck other girls behind her back?
RIP your Pokemon saves
Missionaries get more than just missionary
Won't listen to my warnings? Well, there you go
Scummy thief "customer" comes in for a "refund"Small town village revenge unveiled
Small town revenge unveiled
Calling a team of two baristas slow while rushing to serve 50+ customers? Guess who's not getting the tea they wanted.
Got a perv fired at a call center.
Don't take my buns
Grandma parks your motorbike for you
I posted this on r/amitheasshole but it got removed, but here it is: I destroyed my uncle’s relationship because of what his girlfriend did to me in the past
Revenge on against the person who banned me on discord server for ranting about a movie
Charities that send receipts?
See what happens when you promote incompetent people?
My brother still thinks our parent's house is haunted.
Petty revenge
Evil gf gets the tables turned
Ex friend attempts to cheat off my exam
Ex-boss tried to screw me out of unemployment
Ex-boss tried to screw me out of unemployment
Pretended like I (17 f) ate my sister’s (20 f) last cupcake on purpose? (TLDR at bottom)
2 Weeks Notice
Paying my debt.
Do a jerk move? Prepare to hold it.
This is why you shouldn't ditch a pregnant girl
You knocked me up and then left me
Mother Nature plays the Uno Reverse Card
Pregnant coworker gets her just desserts
My former boss' former boss just asked me for a job
My former boss' former boss just asked me for a job
My former boss' former boss just asked me for a job
I got scammed and have is info - what is the best way to mess with him?
Don’t touch grandpa’s OJ.
I’m battling a redditor because he reported me on reddit and I do not like that because that makes me mad
I battling a another redditor on reddit
You Assault Me? Im getting you back!
From Vinyl Fraud to Public Humilation to Judge Rinder (UK TV) to Court: The Story of Carl
Adjustable seat.
From Vinyl Fraud to Public Humilation to Judge Rinder (UK TV) to Court: The Story of Carl *****
From Vinyl Fraud to Public Humilation to Judge Rinder (UK TV) to Court: The Story of Carl *****.
You Assault Me? The devil has took revenge!
How to slightly inconvenience your loud neighbor with stray cats
Get Your Crotch Out Of My Face!
clown father
Condescending client won’t pay, My sisters roommate is a legend.
A terrible client holds the money he owes me over my head. My sisters roommate is a blessing.
Hands off my soap
Steal my lawnchairs? I’m coming back for them...
Upstairs neighbors from hell
You need my help after playing me? ......No.
Dont be rude to phone people.
CEO used me to do work for free for a friend and then fired me for something that was his fault
Fill-a-bag justice.
Some Tourists can be awful...
Revenge on soft play bullies
I screwed over my ex, literally.
Got my silent revenge on a CEO who used me to get work done for free and then let me go for something that was his fault
Female classmate thinks she can boss over anyone
Bug revenge.
You’re probably faking chronic illnesses so that you can eat yogurt
Congrats! You now own a bunch of peafowl
Congratulations you now own a bunch of peafowl
How wrong am I for doing this? Bug revenge.
Taking a revenge poop on my neighbors front porch.
Small kids are annoying...
Taking a revenge poop on my neighbors front porch.
My sister learned her lesson
Put your shopping cart back
Annoying classmate
Customer tipped me $.22 on a $61.78 delivery
Petty Parking
Silent Auction Shenanigans
Don’t fuck with optical staff
Sometimes, you don't need words...
Cyclist vs car
Make my term hell? Have fun inhaling mould.
I repainted the inside of my pool clean after a complaint from a neighbour about my yard and pool. They were not happy.
Cross post from AITA. I painted my pool green and upset my neighbour totally by accident.
A Nobles Revenge
I got back at my neighbor (for "borrowing" some tools) by putting a sign on his trash can that said "Please take this trash can, I have a new one". Twice. He had to buy new trash cans each time.
Want to play your music full volume in the gym? Great - let me lend my breathless singing voice!
Good Luck With That Fine and Probation, Greg!
Bank of money
Idk what to put as the title XD
DCFS in FL opened up a child support case against my child’s father
Broken bed
In such a hurry you can't put your grocery cart up, here let me help you.
Reporting the one who didn't like me
Anyone know a way to spam this number-434 227-4394
fuck cronusmax plus owner-hes a DICK
Barking mad to get back at my mother
Mother's Christmas Revenge
Ebay Scam Revenge
Dedicated and petty
Petty Revenge on Technologically-Challenged Grandmother
Scammer waits 3 days for nothing.
Entitled Parents DEMAND That Their Kids Use Our Training Facilities, So Our Coach DESTROYS The Entitled Father In 1v1
Dropped the bomb on the woman whom my dad cheated on with when I was a kid, unbeknownst to my family.
Someone stole something from me and I was given a great opportunity for revenge
“You’re definitely not my type...”
Craft herpes
Bronchitis: The silent killer (of friendships).
Bronchitis: The silent killer (of friendships).
Treat me like crap? Your bags will be crap.Du-Rag Seasoning
The idiot and the handicapped parking spot
Try to use me? No.
Hotel Buffet Nightmare
My employer lost out big time
Poked in the ribs at a buffet
Watch who you make fun of
Motorcyclists' petty revenge
My petty revenge and fist experience with a karen
Cellphone and school
This Scammer tried to still my fake $5 dollars guss what i dont have $5 dollars.
She grabbed my man boob so I grabbed her breast
Um, I'm not letting you in, you almost wrecked my car
Need help for my bro
Bosses boss blocked my contract bonus payout, so I cut last line that kept company merely afloat.
Have fun at the end of 5th grade.
Dont Make Fun of the Way my Girlfriend Eats
Break my tape? Fine, now break your own.
Don't Take High School Gym So Seriously...
He peed on me so I put his pee and salt in his water
Published “unknown” archaeological sites because
Published “unknown” archaeological sites
Wanna stink bomb our Warehouse bathroom. I'll go Jim Halpert prank mode on you!
Does anyone want to help me get some pettyrevenge
Boss
My entitled grandmother stole my new clothes and exchanged them for steel utensils. So I gave away her utensils.
My entitled grandmother stole my new clothes and exchanged them for steel utensils. So I gave away her utensils.
Block a handicapped space 2 days in a row? Here's a fake parking ticket
Dont have any manners keep your fly open all day
My teacher constantly used the 'I don't know can you line' so I did it back and got sent to the principal's office.
A petty revenge on my ex
Boss wouldn't let me give waste to a homeless woman so I told the customers in the lobby to stay.
I purposefully left out breadsticks from a take out order when working at a restaurant
parked in the crosswalk? no problem!
"Everyone is service dogs anymore."
Child’s father hacked cash app
Help expose boss
Revenge fail ate the tools of rwvenge
Religious Homophobic Neighbor Revenge
Scaring old ladies.
Karen hits me with shopping cart, I retaliate.
Don't touch my account
Don't use my account
Just put your cart away...
Don’t F*** with K9s.
Rude to interrupt.
Gettting revenge on a fake friend
A Dozen Roses
"This is a waste of time and don't interrupt me."
Try to keep me from going to the bathroom? Okay, then.
Apparently I was to mean
My friends ditched me, so I cut off my finger and showed them what they’d done.
You knock some things out of my hands? Have fun forking over $5 for a new ID.
I Upset You? Lol K Sorry
Uber driver wastes her time with me so I waste her time too and doesn't get the $5 cancellation fee from me.
Sticking a girl that used me with a fat bill
Bully dangerously swings hockey stick at peers, proceeds to gets dropped in high school PE
Talk during the movie? Enjoy some fresh chili farts.
Bully
How not to get grounded
Steal my laundry detergent? Hope you like the bleached clothes look!
You won't fix my wifi? Then I'll take it down for everyone
Baby daddy worthless
Here is the note from the doctor
Okay, here is your doctor's note
The Tale of the Very Green Gumball
Grief my friends' houses, let me make your house a tourist attraction
It's a public space, mom!
Now that i know he is cheating
How my son bested his bully in a small, but intensely satisfying way.
A city's amazing, petty revenge.
New assistant manager tries to get me fired.
Closest I’ve ever gotten to “revenge”
Racist Grandma
She stopped hanging out with me when I became a single mom. Her friends have settled down now and she wants to hang out again
You attack my credibility, I burn yours down
Interview questions for a spoiled brat I have to met with next week. How would you answer?
Rude customers get there car towed
You're not going to fix it because it's not causing YOU a problem? We'll see about that....
Guy tries to block our zoning approval to screw with building seller, gets shot down for job
You can't have your business here, the other guy was evil.. Oh I was was I !
A guy told my friend to go kill themselves so I track their IP address, find their location and get their account taken down
Take my phone will you? Enjoy waking up early.
Hot Dogs for the Hot Dog Man
Snow globe sabotage
Enjoy the hot, hot summer day
Girl from work that blew me off the day of 2nd date and gave a lying reason why
Keep ignoring my requests to stop getting spammed? I'm sure your company's Senior Director of Global Marketing and Director of Operations will be pleased
Resteraunt employee refuses service to paying homeless man.
Parking lot banding
Parking Lot Revenge
Harass me and some other people? Watch the revenge unfold
Beat up a kid when no one was watching
cars are red, snow is white, we the street gets together, we put up a fight.
Got mad at a mean employee at a MacDonald restaurant.
Use my Spotify for months under my nose? Hope you like my dj'ing at 3am.
Use my Spotify for months under my nose? Hope you like my dj'ing at 3am.
Use my Spotify premium under my nose? I hope you like Pink Guy blaring at 3am.
Mom wont let her play in the bathroom sink, daughter gets spiteful.
You can be a dick to me but not my friendsWant to try to manipulate me into getting you $45 worth of food. Enjoy your small side of rice.
Want to threaten suicide for Panda Express? Get what you deserve.
Revenge on my neighbors
Interrupt my lunch trying to scam money off me? Enjoy me nearly getting you arrested and ruining your scam.
Small revenge on homophobic customer
A ghost gets revenge
A ghost gets revenge
Revenge on 4th grade bullies
“You can only have 1 soda.”
Mess with us, Lose your house.
Tryna to cheat your way through an AP class? Let’s see how the teacher feels about that
Ignore life threatening allergies? Lose your job.
Not happy that I merged into your lane in front of you? Why don't you do that to me too.
No Common Room? Okay, I'll Make My Own...
Ignore allergies? Get fired. (Cross posted)
Man gets covered in sewage water after ramming my car off the road because he was "going to a funeral" at 3:45am.
Klepto gets his comeuppance
Multi-billion dollar company receives my wrath
Fuck with us, Lose your house.
Pulling the IT Support verbiage experience I have
Oh that was your iPhone that fell out of your pocket? Oops
Flirt your way past the line at the club? Enjoy your dry cleaning bill.
Revenge is never the Answer
Group Project from Hell
High school teacher versus my sister
Tomato Thief
Dont let me into your minecraft house. Say goodbye from entering your house
So my year already started kinda bad.
***UPDATE*** - Haughty, entitled neighbour responds to my snow-clearing invoice.
My boyfriend ghosted me 3 times, so I ghosted him back
Want to use shock value and viral content to jumpstart your startup? Handle the police first then.
The ghost revenge story
The ghost knife revenge story
Mc. Donald’s
A Body’s Petty Revenge
Revenge on the Avocado Thief 🥑
Revenge on a friends ex
Revenge on lady with a weeks worth of shopping who wouldn't let me go in front of her with one packet of painkillers.
Want a membership? You're not getting it from me
Think I went too far
I think I went too far this time
Did you ever take revenge too far?
Did you give out my number?
Sister lied about being abused... so I ruined her to the family and to her friends.
Act entitled and haughtily order me to do something I was going to do anyway? That'll cost you . . .
Wanna yell at me about stupid stuff? Hope you like getting yelled at for costs
Destroyed my own stuff to prove my Roomate's NOW EX was using my stuff.
CapitalOne won't stop mailing me? You're getting your letters back filled with glitter
Just shat on the floor
Man gets visa shredded by store so he takes revenge
Woman gets charged 250 dollars for a cookie recipe
High school user ex wants me get rid of his old youtube page. I wrote a blog post insted.
Paying For Your Racism...Literally
I taught you that lesson you were trying to teach me. Happy New Year!
Pissed in my sister’s bottle of vagisil
Annoy me in my Own House? Get Kicked back to Florida.
My FIL won't quit sending me memes about being sore after my vesectomy.
You want my ass? Be careful what you wish for
Girl Harnesses Me So I Attacl Back in front of the Whole Grade
Karen wants to sue my mom 1000s over a dent in her car
Skull yeah
Sorry you missed that cop car, I guess.
Badly behaved brother gets bad breath
Customer at gym acting like an asshole gets registered to every porn site I know
Girl makes fun of someone for having braces..then gets them herself
NYE Firework Show - The Invader of Personal Space
#EffJames!
Be an asshole, pay an annual fee
You peel off the plastic from my new phone? I wait two years, hype it up for you as much as possible and then do it to you.
trash = spank
If people are rude to me when ordering drinks at the poker lounge. I put make them with 30% water for my sweet sweet revenge.
Dated this greedy cougar
A smelly revenge for a rude woman on the bus
F for you
Reddit Community Please Help
If you’re right, then put the right answer
Petty revenge request- how to crash a New Years party from afar?
Cuss me out in a game?Get banned and ur friend gets a warning!
I love making more money than my shitty former teachers
Person takes over my discord server and demotes me.
Skater Kid gets his board taken
I love looking at my former teachers' salaries and knowing
A lady almost hit the front of my car trying to pull into a parking spot I was turning into so I just sat there.
I just got let go (for no reason) from the gym where I work, so I am remotely playing embarrassing music through the gym speakers
Little me was a savage
I learned to make better chicken adobo than my sister out of spite.
A Dozen Roses
Don't mess around with a miner
Don't mess with a miner
I was fucked up kid
Gift cards and redheads
Youtube Creator steals a video without credit, then we tarnish his channel reputation
The Stashews Accusation
don't steal my food
Groupmate refuse to contribute and still wanted the credit? The truth served...
Petty girl sat on my chair in airport where I put my bags to get a drink, and stole my chips that I put behind my bag. So I kinda did the same.
Chess kid gets a taste of his own medicine
Something I used to do to people who threw their cigarettes on the ground at my minimum wage retail job
R.I.P GroupChat ears
Dad keyed someone's carHouse guests overstay welcome
First post ever.
Christmas gift exchange game revenge
Prank pizza
A little Hulu Horror
Does this make me a bad friend?
Don’t block intersections when there’s traffic
Tell me again how rock climbing is a "practical" career
Turn off your brights!
Pokemon. Card Karma
Taking a stolen pen to far
This is a story on how I got my shitty family member to blow dry his Xbox and brake it with the help of karma.
Lady harrases us in order to pay her for service
Old lady herrasing us in order to pay her for hookers
Blocked driveway, puke in the car
Grades Rivalry
Grades Rivalry
Cop gets an earful
Only time I have won
[Video game] Thief Thinks He Is Funny Wearing All My Items, Try Again Fool
If you insist.....
Temper temper
My family didn't share my dinner. I didn't share their favorite treat.
Stupid guy kicks my moms new purse so i tortured him threw a movie
My dad bankrupted me, so I gave away my properties
Did you get it now?!?!
Not helping a paranoid blind lady the second time around
A little travel pettiness
Soaked my neighbor.
Wish I had a nuclear revenge story
being a jerk to my friend? enjoy speaking in church next week
Mess my room mess your doorstep
Steal my food everyday? Good luck shitting out Niagra falls. Plus, there's no where to poop!
Petty revenge on my dad.
Sorry, do I know you?
Steal my uncle's gas? Have fun with a wrecked engine
Screaming insults at a young mother? Have fun getting your bag back
Bank of America was just plain awful, so I got them good...
Made my brother cry over leaves
revenge on a crooked computer shop
Skimp me $50 I’ll just take back my $460
Teaching Teachers Lessons
I told you not to prank me 'cause you wouldn't like it when I pranked you back!
Most disgusting person
A Toy Car
Lady cut in front of me in a lineup and I made her shit her pants :)
REPOST: I originally posted this in IDon'tWorkHere but it was suggest it fits better here so...
Double cross me? I'll crank up ya toaster.
The stanky revenge
Bully me and steal my gum? Have fun with sergeant.
Dude asked me to watch his bags at the airport "for a sec"--which cut into my boarding time. Now he can enjoy retrieving them from ORD police.
Entitled Mom screams at me because I was riding me bike in the town hall square.
Pokemon Card Karma
I finally got revenge 4 years later
Maybe next time, don’t almost hit my dog with your shopping cart.
Rude man at airport gets shut down
The liquid ass Christmas
No napkins, no bag.
Hee hee hee
Bathroom Phone Call
Petty revenge on a flat mate who was pinching my food.
Me and my siblings do NOT get along.
Go ahead, tell me about your religion, but mine is worthwhile too, the same amount of time as yours!
Principal lies and breaks promise so I make her keep her promise.
I'm not "officer material," eh? Well, I guess you aren't either.
Do things I don't want to say my whole life? I'll try to ruin your education career
Mom abuses my friend
Fake doctor's note leads to denied unemployment.
The REAL way to respond to unsolicited dick pics
DON'T POKE THE black bear!! :)
Being rude during a movie? Smell my farts.
Maths teacher revenged
Annoy me at the movies? Smell my ass.
scam my brother get booted offline
ExFriend turned bully gets what she deserves (Long)
The Cab driver denied me service so I took my revenge
Stingy, rude flatmate ruins 3 friendships for less than 10 dollars
Explain why buying just one item means receiving emails from that company daily for life?
You make awful racist comments about our (goodly, kind hearted, absolutely respectful) Pakistani tenants? Enjoy hearing me talking in Arabian!
Snitching on idiots
Pokemon Card Karma
Revenge on neibour.
Blast your phone and call me a racist? Enjoy Guns 'n Roses!
My nephew got the school principal in trouble!
Force feed me trailers. No thanks
“you can’t snap my ex EVER but i can snap yours”
Me, my brother and pee
Guess the big G stopped him in his tracks.
Being rude to me? Get a parking fine.
Guess you could say God stopped him in his tracks.
Give me a lazy present I'll make you work hard for that
Afraid of blood stains
Sick note, eh?
Ex-girlfriend made me jealous on purpose so, after breaking up I got back to her
Penny Pinchers
Bother wants my big present he got I got the rest
Pokemon Card Karma
OP skillfully dismantles a customer who tried to keep a $3000 item and claim a PayPal refund
Don't Cheat Off The Kid You Bully
My pettiness is worse than my mathTwo free americanos? You got it... just with decaf
I got kids in trouble using skittles
Ask for my husband when I'm the primary signer? I'll waste your time.
Sneaky revenge prank at a conservative summer camp (Where PRANKS ARE A SIN)
Creepy old coworker kept asking me about boyfriends and kids, so I asked him about something else
Petty revenge against my least favorite teacher
Pokemon Card Karma
How I subtly “ruined” my cousins wedding photos
Cut in line? I'll take the rest of their stock then!
Please do enjoy that second speed camera!
Pettiness dates back to 1800s
Cut the line in front of my uncle? Than get your kid hit by a stroller. (It wasn’t that hard but this story is SATISFYING to me at least)
(Thread) Every saw movie ranked from least to most violent
My rubbish bothers you?
Grandma's a bit petty
My old high school bully gets his ps4 account band.
Couple comes in before closing
Homophobic teacher threats me so I was EXTRA gay
Ruin my public garden, I'll ruin Star Wars for you.
You wanna call me names and degrade me during family conflicts? Enjoy your number getting banned from Twitter.
You wanted my GF to fight me... How about your family fighting you on Christmas Eve?
You wanna call me names and degrade me during family conflicts? Enjoy your number getting suspended from Twitter.
You wanna call me names and degrade me during family conflicts? Enjoy your number getting suspended from Twitter.
Eat shit entitled fucks
You wanna be an asshole over one business card? Let me destroy the rest
My Grandpa's Wartime Revenge
Making you regret stealing my drinks.
Made him crash his car
Moron kid asks for a pencil gets fined
Some unholy songs for the holy people
Not paying my wages? I'm gonna sue!
Ruined a guy's life who beats his girlfriend regularly apparently over some advice to delete his ps4 account
Don't put your food in my plate
‘‘Tis the season to be jolly they say
Gonna wash your pissy attitude right out of your hair.
Lady gave her man a handjob in the back of a shuttle ride, I gave him a shrimp dick
Advice on how to ruin someone’s life ?
You punch me I punch you harder
My friend pissed me off...
Question about USPS label for revenge..
Last year all I got were gift cards
Dude stole money from my grandparents, we “decorated” his front door
Smashed Bread
I’ll take that dollar back
Boss told me I needed a doctors note to prove I was having contractions.
Boomer substitute acts like s***, reaps in the "rewards"
Have horrible service? That's fine. I'll find a new provider.
Revenge on my dads dodgy wrapping
Should've helped me after all.
You scratch my back, I scratch your back.
Tennis club manager humiliates entitled customer
You were not specific on the spoons
You were not specific on which spoon I had to get
I outsmarted my bully by doing absolutely nothing
Old man felt entitled to try to cut in front of because his order was to go...
Girl gave his guy a handy in the back of a shuttle ride, I have him a shrimp dick
Petty Locker Blocking Revenge
Drink my Gatorade? I’ll put my urine in it.
Girl gave her man a handy in the back of a shuttle ride, I gave him a shrimp dick.
Legend has it, to this day, he still has a shrimp dick
Don't want to refund my order, then I will place a big order.
You want make my first-semester hell? I'll make you Rage in your living room from 50 miles away!
Don’t let me call in sick? Fine I’ll just quit
My soon to be ex husband told me I was too fat to have sex with.
My teacher gets what she deserves
I use parental controls to pause internet access to the bedroom TV and all my wife’s devices when we have an argument and she storms upstairs
Shower guy's shower schedule
Revenge on ex boyfriend
"I'mma need to see both y'alls IDs..."
Point out my flaws? I’ll just point out your bad work ethic!
You're not my mama
Coworker gets a parents dog taken to the local pound
Start with me, your plants die
“she’s not the store manager. I. AM”
Work nemesis fired for incompetence after trying to smear my reputation
Woman left trash bag at my condo, so I sent her employer a note asking her to stop
Revenge against manipulative ex
Wanna show off to your Karen friends in my shop? Ok then..
How an entire factory backed a petty revenge.
Caught a scammer
Regret being my friend? I won’t let you forget it
Break my watch? I'll break your friendships
"The names are too simple" ok then
Road Rager Won’t be Getting Business From Me
how to tame a bully
You need to have meetings on loud speaker to "work efficiently"? Let me introduce you to CLACCCC
Double parked at a movie theater
The background of pure petty revenge.
made a teacher spend over £100 because she yelled at me.
A-hole screwed over my friend, so I decide to be petty.
A little petty revenge - kid style!
Steal my files, I'll ruin your christmas
earrape time.
Absent Minded Roommate
The tale of how I lost my virginity
Aggressive Driving = Door Close
Cheat and buy a bottle of Prosecco behind my back? Enjoy your bottle of Prosecco in return
Discord Pokemon
Try cut the queue of traffic? Get blocked
The Christmas Pantsemail spammer
You wanna tailgate me? Enjoy your delay.
Went to jail...was lied on....but i made it
6 months of Photoshop
Pyschological revenge
Don’t like my birthday music you get more of it
A client cancelled a contract with my employer resulting in possible job losses for myself and collegues.
My revenge on orange man
Merging into a single lane is never fun.
We don't want this either
I punched my sister after 4 years of her nonsense.
Revenge is best served cold
Advice?
Help me write a revenge review
Okay mom, But I'm getting my time back
Merry Christmas, Bitch
Entitled Customers threaten me, fine eat at the mess hall.
you got to love entitled sisters
A slap on the wrist
Sugar Baby catfish petty revenge
Don’t insult me, then expect me to cover you when you cheat.
Thanks, Frosty.
I punched my sister after 4 years of her nonsense.
I got let go for being epileptic
I got let go for being epileptic
College Degree Withheld Because of 48 Cents
What Rolls Around Comes Around
1 cent per pinecone...
petty retaliation on a coworker
Food for Thought
got bullied in highschool by boyfriends ex so i got my entire class to steal her stuff
Phone petty revenge
Promise of job broken - software destroyed
Gee look at the speed limit..
Be rude to the teacher? Hope you like new shoes!
When HR try hard to find dirt, but you have the last laugh.
Stuck up cheerleader gets a piece of humble pie.
Don't like my food? I see you're drooling over it.
Dress code? I think not.
Cute Clever Dogs Tiktok Compilation - Lovely Puppies and Dogs
I can't match my socks!
WAITER
If the shoe fits
Moving Out Update
Bad roommate gets bad WiFi.
My Ex cares a lot about his Karma on Reddit, I will now downvote everything he posts and comments on.
Karen get's just deserts.
Help with a revenge review!
Damn racists
Aggressive driving in a school zone?
Not much, but felt great.
Table of kids treat me poorly, tip under 10% then return to ask for the tip back so they can afford a movie. What they don't know is that they left something behind...
I got revenge on someone...and barely did a thing to do it.
Gave an idiot a run for money ; Literally
Don't pay fine have fun in court
Sorry, Nothing I Can Do -- Petty IT Revenge
J's witnesses kept waking us up, so I got them to stop.
Damn Jehovas Witnesses
Anything you can do, I can do better
META - I don't understand why my post was automatically flagged
I know I'm a jerk...
Geez. I know I’m a jerk, but I really feel like she was too.
Jealous Ear gets racist
I beat my asshole colleague.
Got Written up at work, So worth It
Got Written up at work, Yet so worth it
Petty Bitch tried to screw up my grade, got just desserts
Petty revenge on Nephew after 9 months
Getting my nephew back after 9 Months
Classic man child throws a tantrum over 50 cents and holds up a sizeable queue...
We English should vote to see if we want the Scottish to stay part of Great Britain and if we say no then there out with no funding from us and let them get on with it for to long they have had a say in Englands policies,
Roommate Calls Me A Drug Addict? Fine No More Toilet Paper For You.
Steal my perfume? Enjoy the exotic smell of vomit.
Won’t do your half of the project? Enjoy failing half the final.
Tip me $5 on a $90 bill? Enjoy watching a different game!
Mess with me? How about I ruin your school life?
LEts GO see how you feel about shattering my lego's
LEGO fall down in pain
My mom's revenge when we slept late
How my mom would "revenge" us when we slept late
Karen gets snippy at the checkout, I turn the tables.
REVENGE WITH GREAT MANNERS! WE NEED YOU! WORLD WIDE CASTING: Open to all languages, ages, genders, locations! Docu-reality series casting call! (US reality show filming in China)
Should I do this petty revenge?
Sister pranked so I got her back
Leaving one job for another
Kill me on Roblox for my house? Here's a house warming gift!
How can i do this
Small christmas revenge
Don't want to go during a green light? That ain't gonna stop me
My dad Monitors my email (this one is a diffrent one ) SO I called him out on his porn viewing to my mom
Take away my bonus? Okay then, I'll take away yours.
This is more than petty revenge...
Cant send a bill reminder via email you pay then.
Stealing Customer
Cheat with my best friend? Pay the price (Long)
Fine, don’t let me pass then
My mum vs my grandma
U+200C
Inventory audits
High School kids harassing meTake my clothes out the dryer? Your clothes that replaced mine will be wet
Ok boomer
Very Slight Noisy Neighbor Revenge
Serial Beverage Thief Gets a Slimy Surprise
Serial Beverage Thief Gets a Slimy Surprise
A skipper gets justice
Follow Me Around Creepily. Nice Try
Girl stole my moms glasses, now has to wear them.
Ex won't give my concert tickets back? Okay, enjoy not getting in
They treated me ( and others) badly, now their business is dead
Is this petty enough?
Tabasco Sauce revenge
Need help with making some people's life miserable.
Slash the tyres on my new sports bike? Let's see how you like fines and damages to your car
Won't let me get my sports-bike fixed? Let's see how you get your car fixed.
I told you to stop kicking me
Took My Wash Time? Enjoy Jail Time... (Long Story)
Steal My food? Im going to remind you everyday with mail
Shit in a roommate’s gf’s shampoo bottle before she used the entire bottle.
8 months later and I’m still patiently waiting for my revenge
my sibiling llikes to copy me so...
My cousin eats my candy, I make them late and get screamed at
Petty revenge on a Karen’s at Philly Airport
Have fun freezing, psycho roommate
want me to put my leg down and not willing to ask nicely?
Fuck you u/lucastars !
Coworker constantly taking first dibs on break room for night break, so I get to work 30 minutes earlier and take their break spot.
Office fitness politics
I quit on my boss with Perfect Timing
Don't want to go during a green light? That ain't gonna stop me
Noisy Neighbors. I have to tell someone.
Don't want to go during a green light? That ain't gonna stop me
She brought the Deviled out of me.
Smug guys brag that they did better than us in a competition
Don't want to go during a green light? That ain't gonna stop me
First post and English is my only language!
Friend wants a pencil, I gave him a pencil
I accidentally park my friends car in the sun. He proceeded to to it daily to mine.
Don't want to go during a green light? That ain't gonna stop me
Don't want to go during a green light? That ain't gonna stop me
How do I annoy my landlord?
Don't wanna go at a green light? That ain't gonna stop me
Bully cyberbullies me, get caught and shits his pants.
Driver made me jump out of the way or he would have hit me. Help me get revenge.
Ask for money as a gift? I’ll give you money.
My European Institutions teacher was the worst
My European Institutions teacher was the worst
Little revenge on stealing customer.
Little revenge on stealing customer
Ex’s Best friend told all my secrets. revenge?
Dealing with second years in the lunchline.
REVENGE on these evil ROBO-SCAMMERS
Smug guys brag that they did better than us in a competition
Smug imbeciles brag that they did better than us in a competition
Smug imbeciles brag that they did better than us in a competition
Humiliate and spread fake news about my friend and upset my best friend in front of everyone? Bad idea
School come backs
My friend bought a book and read it just to spoil it to someone annoying him
The pettiest revenge
don't screw with my friends
Donut Revenge
Worst neighbor
Help me get revenge
I need some ideas
Stolen underwear + itching powder.
Don't confirm what you want to do for your Christmas do, enjoy the petting zoo!
Oh I'm sorry, did you want into your account? Sucks to suck.
Keep me from using the toilet? Fine. I’ll wait I have time.
I “interrogated” a classmate into giving back my property.
If you spoil Endgame, you'll learn something as punishment
Good luck firing all your drivers
kid punches me in the face...
Think you can block my car in and claim disability while there is disabled space available, go for it!
I get bullied and harassed everyday on the bus please help I’m miserable
Screw my business over? I’ll screw your out of your parking spot (and maybe your job)
Sorry not sorry A and M!
A bit of revenge against the husband's mistress and one-night stand
Screw my business over? I’ll screw your out of your parking spot (and maybe your job)
Feel the rain, princess!
Don't put your cart away? Okay, hun.
yeah, okay, i'll take out the trash.
Bully me? Enjoy having your face posted on Grindr.
Let me deal with your collections calls when we no longer live together? Not happening.
Broken foot. Happy snowman
My name says it all!
Gonna be lazy hoarders? Ok.
Screw my business over? I’ll screw your out of your parking spot (and maybe your job)
My grandma backstabs me so I backstab her.
Car towed for parking in my parking lot
Roblox Revenge
I caught someone hooking up with a girl in my bedroom after I came home from a concert. I waited 4 months and then fucked a girl in his room and sent him a Snapchat.
Do you want butter on your popcorn?
Guy gets revenge using Grindr on homophobic bully
My BF told me I couldn't use the food I PAID FOR!
Caught stealing and never will again
Friendsmas pettiness
Annoying spam texter kept harrasing me about scam loans, harrassed them back.
The pettiest of college revenges
If it's so easy to work for 3, how about you do it
Don’t push ReligionDick-ocalypse
Mess with me now? I mess with you later!
Douchebag neighbors upstairs
Scrunch up my work, I’ll make sure your day at school the next day is boring and you get shouted at by your parents.
Lazy director got what he deserved
Tricks=pain
You're going to be rude and shut off my water? No. No you won't.
“Its my decision!”
Because environmental people are annoying
Ex gets destroyed
My teacher embarrassed me so I made her life harder
GF leaves me for friend, Friend gets karma
I made the boys who harassed me and my sister pay
Colleagues won't mute annoying youtube videos, so I changed the BIOS settings.
I will get revenge from my worst ennemies because he is a bad guy and he took my girlfriend from me
Came close to rolling my truck off a cliff plowing and the customers check bounced then they refused to pay
Harassment from estranged sister, time for revenge
Send me home, lose your job.
Act like an asshole? You get the full wait time.
Bonk.io gone too far
I catfished my little sister’s abuser
Revenge on a coworker that blabbed about me sleeping with him
The non-winnable contests online
Give us your email to win? Yeah right!
Brake Check “Switch” for Tailgaters
Wanna kick me out? Have fun having your show ruined!
I got my stubborn teacher fired.
Love my dad but sometimes you have to hit him where it really hurts (him only)
Crazy Roommate poisoned me, i took revenge.
My Stepfather is a Jerk!
Ghost me? Allow us to waste your time and have me rub my new relationship in your face too.
I made sure she didn’t graduate.
Science Teacher Ignores Me, I Get Petty
My upstairs neighbours Play music loud all the time so I get my own back
Guy bullies me, realizes his mistake a year later.
My asshole teacher docks me points for spelling my name incorrectly, so I steal his pens and markers
world problems
IDEA REQUEST!
Asshole Teacher accused me of cheating? sure ill leave more work for you
Peed on her bed because she wouldn’t stop rubbing her vagina on my stuff (NSFW)
Guy Gets His Laundry Bleached
Creepy guy messes girls' laundry, so his laundry gets bleached :)
speed up so i can switch lanes? you got it!
She abuses horses, so I report her horse-for-sale ads on Facebook and get her account deleted
My dad pissed me off sometimes
Icing out the shovel-stealing neighbors
Cross Country Revenge
I farted in this girl's cereal
woman stops car in the middle of the road,causing a traffic jam,gets rearview mirror ripped off
💩 Poop revenge on cheater ex BF💩
You cheated from the wrong person
Neighbor blasts their music, I blast my videogame.
Act like an ass? We're listening to my music now.
The Pencil case mystery
Tell me in front of our friends and family I should have been aborted for my bad fashion choices...
Classmate keeps making jokes I don’t like, so I roasted him several times in one day
Laundry revenge
Just found out the apartment next door is rented out to Neonazis.
Rude? Yes. Worth it? Double Yes
Steal $20k in car parts? OK, let's dox you and your family.
Cut off a volunteer firefighter? Bad idea...
Don't fuck with a farmer
Dad told me to shut the window, I opened it an inch.
This is the end all as far as pettiness goes.
Cheat for three months and make her think it's her fault? Thank you for your donation.
Cheat for three months and lie about it? Thank you for your donation
Spell my name wrong in a work email? Okay then....
Spell my name wrong in a work email? Okay then....
Steal my dryer? Be ready for smelly laundry.
Exchange Student Fights Back (it’s weak revenge, but I did spit on a pizza of their’s once! So there’s that.)
Keep the change you bum
Airsoft Cheater Doesn't Call His Hits... Get Sprayed Close Range
If it's so easy to work for 3, how about you do it.
Rude, yes, but well worth it
Shorten my name? Ok then, guess I’m shortening yours.
My dog has my back
How to combat those fake girls on Omegle.
If I run into a patronizing ex, and they (patronizingly) say "Good to see you," what's the most artistically passive aggressive way I can respond?
[REQUEST] If I run into a patronizing ex, and they (patronizingly) say "Good to see you," what's the most artistically passive aggressive way I can respond?
Cut off a volunteer firefighter? Bad idea
Asshole, passive aggressive neighbor gets to taste my the wrath of my Christmas Spirit
Not today Kevin
Landlord won't fix my heat two years running? Enjoy your electric bill
Unplugging Phone
Cheat on me? You'll regret it.
What's your best anonymous petty revenge
Tried to save you time, but it ended up costing you a half hour!
my staff was late home due to his own lazyness
A passive aggresive teacher get's a passive-aggresive homework assignment
Stuck in bumper-to-bumper traffic, entitled bitch cuts people off...
Cheap bastard won’t get his own Spotify.
Never mess with the tech savy person
Roommate likes to scream at fortnite? No one to scream at when it doesn't work, you man-child.
Sweet musical revenge
Nah man I tripped
The Pettiest I Have Ever Been: California Gurls
California Gurls
Chew your gum loudly, enjoy being stared at.
Cheat on my friend and refuse to admit it? Ill make sure you wont forget what you did.
Future Last Day Revengepetty revenge on a school bully
Blackmailing a fuckboy
In the holiday spirit!
My cats revenge
I'm not loud, you're fucking sensitive.
Bully a one of your high school students? Get karma
Asshole kid being a bitch
Please help me
Entitled Old Man Thinks He's Special
Revenge that got out of hand
Upstairs neighbor lies to cops, soon regrets it.
dont play that game with me
Lady thinks she can park wherever she wants, so I box her in.
Help me get revenge?
Coordinator in school downgraded me because he felt entitled to do so.
You need to get him tested!
My roommate tried petty revenge and it backfired on her
My horrible science teacher
Wanna hit me and break my stuff
Dog Beats the hell out of Drunk
Spotify Theft Payback
Thousands lost because I stayed quiet
Revenge on the wrong person, but it felt good.
Lady with bad attitude taps my bumper? I'll devalue your car.
Revenge Suggestions For A World Class Asshole
Take advantage of our services &amp; the post a bad review, fin enjoy the jewels getting sent to your inbox.
Parking Lot Revenge
Google revenge on a builder that overcharged me
You want everything removed, be careful what you wish for
Welcome To Chili's
I get revenge on girl that was a b***h to everyone.
retailer pushed me aside, i made him wait
No this is my handicap spot
Sister gets extreme petty revenge
Crazy Roommate poisoned me, i took revenge.
Crow bangers are the best things
Shitty college roommate gets the shits
Inconsiderate neighbors think I’ll shovel their snow
Guy harasses my GF, I make sure he doesn't get his dream job
Neighbor blocks my garage, I shovel everywhere but their blocked cars
[Short] Lady wants to rush me at the gym on the machine I am on.
this sub is gay
If you have made me hate you hide your mechanical pencils.
The slide to petty victory.
petty revenge against an ex
Anyone want to toxic flood a Facebook group?
I'm finishing this fight
I got bullied for a year, so i made the people that bullied me make me cake for a year.
Just a little bit of time wasting revenge
My grandpa savage
Stealing Sister
The line cutter citation
My Sims character got destroyed by my sister.
In middle school, I got verbally abused daily by students, and staff told me to ignore it since words can't hurt me. I get in trouble for verbally retaliating, and I put the principle in her place.
Stupid logic
Karen Ruins a Night of Bowling
I'm buying a stapler
Lazy Stepdad’s Sandwich Disappears
Don’t hide someone else’s things
deadbeat guy did not want to pay for internet
You slept with my girlfriend of 8 years, I'll sleep with your girlfriend of 2 months as payback!
Ignore all the No Hunting signs and I’m going Doc Hollywood on you, or stay off my lake pt2.
Made fun of my accent, banged his girl.
Another Black Friday post
Loud teens in movie get what they deserve
What's better than watching a jerk in traffic fly by you and get pulled over by a hidden cop up ahead?
Black Friday Karen wants to push and shove so I do some pushing of my own.
Giving me a hard time on Black Friday? Meet the back of the line jerk
Girl steals my plane seat and tries to play dumb.
Our family doesn’t gossip? Well I guess they sure won’t gossip about this
What's better than watching a jerk in traffic blow by you and get pulled over by the hidden cop up ahead?
You won’t let me eat here, let me enjoy myself
Idiot driver gets slowed down
Got revenge against Karen,the neglectful mom.
I got revenge against Karen,the negligent Mom.
Ship me your unwanted shit, I’ll ship it right back to you
Leave your junk mail on the ground, pay the price.
Take money from me, I'll take money from you.
Got a family kicked out of a Disney water park
Two Cents In the Service Industry
Always be nice to your Barista
Fishing illegally right off my back deck... meet the dog.
Petty revenge for a toxic friend
I need help annoying someone who wronged me.
Laugh at me in front of my friends? Prepare for inconvenience
A stinky cheese revenge
Wake me up early all week? Let me test drive my new leaf blower while you're trying to sleep
Eternal book of hell
Nobody. Messes. With. My. Coke.
Long distance revenge
A really scammy company pays double.
Petty revenge on a returning officer (UK)?
Abusive stepfather’s cup of tea.
Shoving it in my ex-boyfriend’s face
Call this number and mess with them
Wake me up mowing the lawn at 7am on a Saturday? I’ll be sure to make you re-wax your car.
Mustard Water Milk
You Can't Go Into School Without Lip Chap!
BUUUUUUUUURN
Friend lies about watching a show, I fake spoil the rest of itPetty Mac n Cheese
A Petty Revenge double story
Gave an Old Boss the Short Stop
A double petty revenge story
I'm sure that I'm not the first to do this, but
Where is a good place to get revenge ideas or to post about someone who needs the general public to revenge upon him?
I got revenge on my sister and forgot about it until it happened :\
Getting away with being an asshole to an asshole customer
The time the teacher tried to fight me
This is clean? Try this.
Don’t touch my food
Daddy and the Wet Food
I had sexual intercourse with your mother.
Teachers am I right....
Do me a solid real quick yall
Request to get back at crazy neighbour
Old lady goes off on me for trying to get to know her on Thanksgiving. I made sure my revenge was in clear view.
Sorority gal consistently rude, surprise when no one wants to say goodbye
How I got revenge on a shitty teacher
Fought my nieces mom becus I spanked her
My teacher mocked me for picking up pennies, then found he couldn't pick up a dollar.
Worst Elementary School vs Petty Family on Grad Night
Petty Feuds Call for Petty Revenge
Spoiled Brat Finally Doesn't Get What He Wants For Once
You made the mad science guy mad
I want my 2¢
Bullying Sh*t Gets What He Deserves
The time I got suspended
Make fun of me and tell me I should die? Sure, have some!
Me v. the rude old lady at my church
Slight Rudeness Begets Slight Pettiness
Get Online Revenge On Anyone
annoying bird gets punched
Chivalry is dead, and so is your $12,000 quote
A kid was mean to me in primary school so I spoiled Star Wars: The Last Jedi for him
Everyone is getting cancer because I smell like cig smoke
Be nice or slow internet :)
That’s MY Dryer.
A total Karen got what she deserved
Suspend our friendship and I’ll get you suspended.
I NEED A HOME RUN IN THE BOTTOM OF THE NINTH
Want to blast the TV volume in the living room? Enjoy the feeling of burning in hell.
Denied my medical records because I couldn’t afford to pay my last bill…
petty revenge in line
My customer want have discount, but only small discount and not large discount give
Dropped my roommate out of all her classes.
Don’t want to wait for one car? Now we wait for two!
Bright light Jeep
old friend back-stabbed me
Guy told me to climb over him, so that’s what I did
My brother got what he deserved
Lab Rat
Screwed over new employer in Afghanistan
I need help
So the GM that replaced me at my previous restaurant decided it would be...
Want to be a dick? I'll show you a dick
I'm sending my wife's ex-husband nudes
So the GM that replaced me at my previous restaurant decided it would be...
Hogging shared Wi-Fi? I'll make sure to hog your hobby
This is some text I copied from my post, but this is why you don’t mess with the quiet guy
Virginity rocks
Dont piss off the casual gamer.
Epilepsy does not equal stupid.
I need your help!
Kill the music or I kill the power
Got a family kicked out of a Disney water park
Can’t be bothered to stand to let me get off the bus? Enjoy a face full of backpack.
People who’ve gotten petty revenge by signing someone up for spam calls, how did you do it?
You want to push to the front because you can't see? Okay.
Not my yard? Not my problem.
Want Instant Art™️? Enjoy My Obnoxious Signature
Maybe don't road rage at the person interviewing you for a job?
Another Costco Parking Lot Tale, Inspired to Share by Another User's Anecdote
The Cootie Game 😷😏
Credit Where Credit is Due
You want your pizza spicy? you get your pizza spicy
Curbing a Cheater
Costco Parking Fucktards
Making two mad girls at a game wait 30 minutes...
We are louder
Fuck karma, I'm quicker!
Lazy Lying Teacher Attempts to Ruin New Teacher's Career
Poking Chauvinism in the Butt(on)
Petty revenge for denied vacation, but two of us are better off for it.
Thank you for the wedding present
What were you thinking?
Should I mess with the WhatsApp messages of my ex (29m) who destroyed me to show his new friends what an asshole he is?
I ate all the Nutella
The pink machine room
Demanding customer gets what he deserves.
Revenge on Person who made up a lie and sued me, then filed a restraining order and said I tried to kill them after they lost.
I wasn’t looking at what was good or bad
Dealing with a bully
Don't tell me what to do; I'm already doing it
A Young Slytherin
You wanna yell at me for doing something I am allowed to do? prepare to freeze!
Now thats determination
Tailgating can be bad
Doordash stole my tips, so I got $2,000 worth of free food.
Don't lock the door.Call me a liar drive don't get your feet wet
Want to face cameras into our backyard? Fine.
Ride my ass, enjoy a flat tyre
Moocher 3.1
He didn’t know I could do this
It was totally worth the $5
What is your final destination?
How do I get petty revenge on someone who lied about me and will try to lie about my evals (military btw)
I get revenge by getting my asshole of a coworker to get fired.
When the Ride Attendant casually discriminates against people in Wheelchairs
Steal my stuff because I didn't do your project for you? I'll destroy your precious little highlighters.
Mess with a llama? Enjoy not being allowed to use our washroom after it spits in your face.
My grandma won't be making deviled eggs this year.
Black belt gets his karma
Moocher 3
I ruined a girls day because she was being rude
Moocher 2
You wanna steal my chapstick, bitch?
Fast food co-worker revenge, well-done
Annoying my girlfriend for letting my dog on the furniture
Moocher
Gets me fired to have her own office, then gets herself fired 4 months later, is now a dog walker
Using do you know who I am correctly.
HELP
Be hostile to me in front of your 'cool' friends? Here, take my pee
Don't want to wipe down my table, fine.
My friend cheated in uno, so I ended him
Enjoying the smoke jerkwad
My Brace Armor To The Rescue
Chouse to bully me weel look at you now
Need Help
Want my candy? Here have some dog chocolate
Rush me in a public bathroom? Have fun cleaning up the toilet
My sister couldn't handle Skrillex.
stuff like Mailbait.info
"Not supposed to be in the bathroom for more than 2 minutes"
Rude to a server? Enjoy glass smashing!
Don't piss off the gate guards.
I'll just invite myself then
Feel bad
Loud neighbour vs. even louder neighbour
Make me almost deaf? Enjoy some pettiness.
Troll better
Stop Eating MY Food
Dont tick off a pregnant woman
Trick me into being drunk to sleep with me, get pushed for 7 months and get pure capsaicin crystals in your beer
Not sure if petty or pro but i stuck it an ex gf
You want my grandparents ashes after all you did? Here have something more deserving.
How can I take revenge on the worst customer ever? Only have his Facebook profile, no numbers or addresses
Going back to a dealership where I was about to be ripped off
Regularly leave food scraps and garbage out on the front porch? Here, take this rat. *NSFW for animal activists*
Cheat off of my test? Enjoy your F!
answering service revenge
I pissed of Italian driver.
Tailgate and dazzle me? I'll be your inconvenience of the day.
Don't be rude to service workers.
Your top secret recipe is no longer a secret
Teacher tries stop us from joining a tournament by lying, I called her out and proved her wrong.
Screw You, Prank Caller!
Don’t let me take my friend to the nurses office, you get the consequences
Glitter cat
Making my best friend mad, how about I revoke your permissions to RMA your hardware.
R/HelpWanted my fam
Everyone gets recognized but you!
feeling salty
Here's some steaming hot karma
My mum pissed me off, so guess what day it is tomorrow
43 Reasons You Shouldn't Hack My Mom's Facebook
Asshole roommate hits the snooze button too many times... So I disconnected it.
Office jerk will be humiliated on the day he learns to read.
My experience with a crazy lady
My friend made fun of me for having 5 karma.....
Guy ruins my small Minecraft server for $20
Guy griefs my Discord server, I strike back with an irreversible comeback.
Copy all of my answers? Get ready to get all of them wrong!!!
Bully picks on autistic child, my friends and me. Finally gets the ultimate shaming he deserves.
Midflight Petty Revenge
I destroyed this bully's reputation.
I got revenge on a ebay scammet
You're rude to me? I'll be extra nice to you!
"That's a you problem" oh yeah? You can listen to me moan for the rest of class.
You two bully me. Teacher gets fired and student gets expelled. 5 years later I know why he did it.
Can't be resonable and yell at me in another language? I'll get you kicked out.
I knocked my best friend out during school and got away with it
Cheat on me, I’ll get your child support raised AND your car repo’ed.
Went on Facebook and got the thrill I've been waiting for
I work with my ex and subtly make her job as difficult as possible.
[RevengeRequest] Kid stoke my water bottle, drank out of it then gave it back
Dude-bro interns finally get a taste of revenge
Won't send me my rebate? I'll meet you at your office for my money.
Spicy Sausage Surprise
Some annoying kid
Steal prescribed medication from my brother? Get rekt
Revenge help on EX
"Fuck you, sound-guy!" Oh yeah?
Petty revenge on pizza shop manager
I made a dent in my babysitters car door
Best ways to get indirectly push someone’s buttons?
My co-worker insisted on decorating the office for Christmas today (November 19), so I let her do it.
MY FRIEND STEALING MY MONEYStuck in traffic?
Stalker ex?
I gave all my classmates answers and formulas on a test to help them pass, and one of them turned me down. I passed, she didn't :)
Table all to myself
Not expected revenge.
Should have control your child
I Kamikaze a Minecraft Troll
My cheating ex tries being weird so I make it weirder.
My cheating ex tries being weird so I make it wierder.
Shit Apple
The hassle of finding a new job
Entitled lady with a YSL handbag
My Ex tries being wierd with me so I come back just a little weirder.
Girl bullied for having falt chest
Leave your dishes too long and then confront me about my cleanliness? I'll block you through text
Parking
My ex boyfriend finally got what was coming to him
Old friend got free food from me then is rude
Do Not Bully My Volkskamrade
DIS Worker "Mandatory Overtime" as a Salary Employee with overtime exemption.
Be Annoying in the Office? Goodluck with your Computer
QA got a taste of her own medicine
Won't send me my rebate, I'll meet you at your office.
Judge not lest you shall be judged
Be lazy? You’ll regret it
Good luck working the Super Bowl
I Got Revenge on my ex for cheating in a extremely petty way
Be a bitch here you get a pickle
Cats Have Nine Lives
Ride my ass? Get pulled over
A racist lady gets fired from her job.
Netflix and Chill...drens Movies
Enjoy your dildo
Inconsiderate upstairs neighbors
Aggressively tailgate me on an open road? Enjoy the asphalt.
Palm fronds
A $500 car for sale? Sounds good!
Askreddit perma-banned me so I created a new username.
You waste my time I’ll waste yours
Suing for a accident that happened years earlier
Cut me in line? Karma is going to bite you
Netflix and Chill...drens Movies
Netflix and Chill...drens Movies
How I turned my entitled roommates cat against her
Entitled woman on first date charges me $160 for her time, a $70 bill she ran up, and an Uber home. Hope she brought her wallet.
Lazy gym-goers
Roommates forced me to move so I left them nasty surprises.
Petty Online Revenge
Someone threatens to kill my friend and he gets a nasty surprise
Planning Wholesome Christmas Revenge
Nosy Mail Carrier
Secret santa
Left a helpless group member in a classroom without the project because he refused to help on the project
Parking lot drunk driver gets owned after crash into my car
Drunk douche smash my car, try to beat me and got owned
Final days as a flatmate, let the pranks begin
I almost got fired for this line...
police called, 5 gals of water stolen!
"Helicopter" flatmate can't stop trying to control the household. Pt. 2
“She pissed me off because she told me I couldn’t”
Woman next to me was reading my messages
She kept wearing my clothes without asking
My loud fucking neighbor.
Pissed I was about to be promoted over her.
My sisters boyfriend always complains about my cooking without even tasting it.
Q: Anyone know what happened to the the bride-to-be who stole $30k?
Mistreat me for giving me change? Fine, here’s your money then.
sell tools to spam me? i'll spam you
Surprise Spicy Sausage Pizza
two weeks notice means I'm burning bridges? let me show you what a burnt bridge really looks like
Steal my code? Enjoy a (mostly)blank HTML
How can I sabotage my shitty passive aggressive sociopath roommates'computer?
Correcting the know-it-all
Steal from the garden? Here, I brought you dinner!
Take your time playing online euchre, I have a solution for that.
Advice
Girlfriend is letting my dog go on the furniture
Green is the color of... pure annoyance?
Throw out my muffin? Lose your coffee cups!
Siblings
Edwin: my piece of human trash neighbor
If you talk on the phone in the bathroom, prepare for an earful.
Going to shove me on my way to class? I'll slow you down a bit.
Think you deserve special treatment? It’ll cost you.
Walk the Line
A guy was blasting trash mumble rap for straight 5 days, so i did something worse. (VIDEO)
I stole my cheating boyfriend’s side chick
Appartement above a bus stop with the doorbell next to the nightbus stop. Your guess what happened a lot...
I don't need headphones. That's a you problem
The Sausage Is Spicy
That showed them
Be deadweight on important projects? Get dead grades!
The manager hates me for calling her out, but she can't complain about me to the boss because I have dirt on her.
She was an old friend and she was a bitch,so I messed with her computer.
Entitled playboy cut in front in large toll booth line
Made my ex roommate throw away all his silverware and toothbrush etc. by leaving a note.
My dogs ate my kittens' food, so my kittens ate my dogs' food
I set parental controls on my roommate’s devices so he can’t access the internet
Your “color safe” shampoo isn’t actually that safe.
I set parental controls on my roommate’s outgoing network connectionsSmall Things Lead To Pnuemonia
Accepting suggestions for some legal vengeance....
Housemate kept stealing my food from the fridge so I gave him a crappy drink.
People not logging off computers
Petty revenge for invading my space.
guy beats on me so I call the police and he gets arrested for assault
Finally Conjured Up Some Petty Revenge Against My Brother
Condescending Cow crossposted from r/talesfromyourserver
Lady thought we were talking about her in a different language
I spiked my roommates sriracha sauce with laxatives
Called me fat. Delete the account.
Lady in my apartment pissed me off
Getting back at a disgusting housemate
Busdriver was a dick to me. Enjoy cleaning your bus seats.
Won't give me a raise? I'll drive up shipping costs
This long line of cars is all because of you
Don't take a professionals advice? get charged an idiot tax.
if she really loved you, she'd ruin your life.
Room mates left the place a dump so I got everybody fined.
Roommate kept using my stuff, so I put something into the toothpaste
You're in my professional lane now big fella
RATS,BIG RATS. I need therapy for hallusinating about rats.......
Was it worth it?
Crazy ex boyfriend is Gay?
Bully gets slapped with revenge
I Found My Inner Pettiness
Company I was working for tried to fuck over my extremely ill dad.
Threaten to kill me? I'll expose your friends
Super petty office prank.
Sweeping Poop
Scream at me for offering you a coffee AFTER my working hours? Fine, don't get your (free) coffee.
Steal my Skittles? You'll regret it.
Don’t like the fact that the cat I am housing for 2 weeks is being rambunctious despite the fact that your dog howls all night/every night? Fine, I guess it’s time for some revenge.
Guy tells his boss I made mistake - didnt hang up the phone
My Dad keeps my bedsheets in his bedroom. I need them at 2am.
A couple of coworkers got me fired while I was going through a breakup. It was my time to shine.
Watch who you yell at
Careful who you yell at
My coworker is a CUUUUNNTTTTT
Snow shoveling gone wrong
The Saint , The Asshole Manager and Me and Revenge Served On A Dirty Dish.
Foul smell for dishonest mechanic
Petty Revenge on a 9th Grade English Teacher.
Smoking in bathroom stall? Enjoy being doused in FEBREEZE
Tiny Avacados for a Huge Jerk
Good luck cleaning up GORILLA GLUE
Embarrassed an overweight teacher in high school.
Cheating has its Downsides
Steal over $200 worth of items from me? Enjoy an inconvinent summer
be a sh... get sh...
Nailing A Bitch For $50k
Outplaying my petty room mate
Petty Revenge on whiny employee
A woman scorned and a smelly jacket
Just a causal day at the gym.... (repost)
Annoying guy gets his just desserts. Or not.
Petty revenge over a car park...
Avoid human traffickers behind audible sounds
"Revenge" on co-worker
Take my stool? No more security for you.
Request: need ideas to get back at Bitch sister who photoshopped me to look fat AF
Embarrassed my friend after he kicked me
How I got my tenured professor fired for revenge (didnt have enough karma at the time, so repost)
Topo Chingo
Petty Moment
Keep cutting me off? Enjoy your one way trip into town.
Boss scammed me out of $75, how do i set up a nonstop robocall spam to his cell phone and work phone that is from a private number that can't be blocked from a PC?
Close friend hosts party without me, my mom gets ultimate revenge by selling their shoes
Satisfying Revenge
Ma'am I am the Manager
Shopping bags of candy run over.
Rule #1 in the laundry room: Don't! Fucking! Touch! Other! People's! Shit!
Man dumps 25 tons of chain outside the tax office
Asshole Employee “bumps in” to me so I bring him and the WiFi down
Pettiness that stayed with me for years...
Same ol' sheet
Gifts for my mom who called me fat?
Bully gets embarrassed in front of the girls he tried to impress
Petty Revenge on my UberPool During a Red Sox Game
Childish friend came up with a game to get back at friends for being roasted too often.
Guy was a real Bowser
(Warning, humble brag) My classmate
Petty revenge against someone who copies my work
Go ahead say supervisors are useless, watch what we can do you
this guy won't believe the PARENTS about their daughters age
Bully me as A rank 0 in siege i take down your twitch career.
I pettied my way into a new cell phone
Entitled redneck gets his truck blocked in
How to terminate an account on discord for harrasment
Accidentally made a bully eat coffee powder
Made a bully eat coffee powder
You allow your dogs to take craps on my lawn, I retaliate.
Cheat at a charity contest? Enjoy last place.
Do your job poorly? Watch me too your colleague.
Being sick from something you eat ain't really sick? ok then...
I need an idea
Why Don't You Help Next Time?
Karen keeps pulling out her phone during a movie screening so I... oops... kick her seat
What ever happened to the dad who cut off....
Want that cup? Go get one.When a YouTuber much bigger than you tries to expose you over something you didn't do...
Always order the most expensive thing on the menu when invited, well enjoy your tendon and tripe.
my neighbour is an asshole
Double parker
Revenge- The Finest Perfume of All
She called me a Pedophile, I havent seen her since.
Tell me "I don't need your help" and then ask me for help? Eff Ewe
Old MacDonald had a pig....
Let your Dog Shit in my Lawn and don’t pick it up? Let it pile up on your crap car windshield.
Business launched to spite real estate agents.
Petty Revenge for ex-employer
"Helicopter" flatmate can't stop trying to control the household and picking out any flaws in me.
Neighbor complained to HOA about unleashed dog. So I bought a 200 ft leash.
Ebay seller didn't accept my offer
Don't clean? Face consequences.
Savage Guestbook Comments on Obituaries...Good Revenge?
Friendship with 105k YouTuber gone HORRIBLY wrong.
Mitch the Bitch
short guy that insults and bullies me... good comeback ?
Call the police in me, enjoy the insurance money
Complain about my talk on Twitter?
Don’t backstab me
Ungrateful and disrespectful
Swear at me, lose all comfortable sleeping places
Got revenge on lazy tweaker neighbor
Neighbor stole my gas, ended up with a broken mower....and car.
Old College Revenge
Talk on your phone on the gym enjoy getting kicked out and band
Psn account of abusive boyfreind mine now
No matching shampoo &amp; conditioner, I can fix that!
7th Grade Dry-Ice F***er Learns A Lesson
Bus driver got angry at cars that were making way for an ambulance due to being delayed by a few seconds.
Think I'm taking too long in drive thru? Wait till you have to go through again!
Dog barking at all hours of the night...
I have a mail thief.
ex boyfriend naked pics and drivers license pic on the internet :)! https://twitter.com/hislgp316
I trolled a thirsty guy on a social networking app looking for nudes by putting a bra on my knees, then revealed it in the end.
2 stories in one :)
Played It To Oblivion
Operation Pissy Pillows
Magic the Gathering tournament. If you're gonna be an ass, you're going down.
Your kids yell at the middle of the night. I blare my music
So, you take my drawing and post it on reddit.
Make my day consistently a little worse? I hope you enjoy 200 emails per week during end of term exams.
Foot
Sweet petty revenge on a road rager
Paper serves up instant revenge
Good luck activating that scooter bish!
Ex wife
Say "eh same difference" to me, same to you!
Blast shitty music on your phone? Do I have a song for you!
discord user disses fortnite? gets account terminated
2 for 1 special, Automobile edition
Man spreading revenge
I drive old cop car- scare a speeding asshole on the highway
So, the trip is too short? No problem, you'll go the extra mile then.
My sister thinks she’s tough
tl;dr title: I was the highest earner for my job's regular charity drives. I got laid off, and didn't bother even trying my last day out of spite, so the daily donations were a tenth of what they should have been.
Try to take up and entire train seat? Guess I'm gonna be your new best friend.
Shit neighbors
Keeping my mother up all night
Idk if this is petty or just mean, but it feels really petty so here I go
pain
How I survived professional sabotage
Stoplight shenanigans? I'll teach you a lesson...
I got my brother grounded because he shoved past my other brother (TL;DR at the bottom)
Self entitled 20 something-year-old woman goes to the medical lab and gets pricked by karma instead.
High School Prick
A**hole teacher get fired
Very petty revenge on my mum
Customer Thinks I Don't Want To Help
YELL AT ME FOR BEING LOUD? I'LL BE LOUDER
Ok reddit.. Help Me Get Revenge
Racist Aunt disrespecting me for working on a certain job. Made her do my job.
Lazy coworker got kicked out
Free Carwash
Mess with me? I’ll send my army
Mock my music
Call me girl? Get sent to the office.
Mechanic Got His
bully me have fun talking to my over protective dad and loosing you reputation
Mini victory over abusive boyfriend
Abuse me for years? Sure, i'll ruin your night!
Bully me till I'm an outcast? Fine, I'm taking your reputation down with me
Make my buddy cry, I’ll humiliate you in front of the whole Gym class!
Someone on OfferUp purchased my TV, but I later found out they were blatantly lying about their intentions. So I got my revenge
Matches- they work more than once, right?
America is indeed a lawful country... which is exactly why you’re fired and no more icicle money for you.
Cheat on My Best Friend? Have Fun Not Having Friends
Asshole driver
Laugh at a deaf girl? I’ll embarrass you in front of your coworkers
Getting back for not asking first
A commenter said OP wrote like a D- student...
About a random commenter saying OP
Ongoing petty revenge
Bei mean to my mother serving your Drinks? Good luck driving Home!
I (16 m) accused my friend (15m) of “exposing” himself in the middle of class
Hosts.txt Revenge
You sent me an invitation to your wedding with the guy you cheated on me with, I mailed it back the day you got divorced.
My Mom gets petty revenge on my grandma by washing her clothes.You said I’d never graduate high school, so I gave you my diploma.
Entitled Karen parks where she shouldn’t so has to wait til I am done before she can leave
YOU are the worst teacher.
People made fun of me and don't respect me, I make them do extra work
I got my horrid old job shut down.
Got revenge on a Girl who bullied me for 2 years
Try to screw me around in a game of Basketball, prepare to get destroyed.
Take up half of my seat, expect me to sleep on you
Ex-Friend's rival mom pulls up in a rented limo and chauffeur on Halloween and she took away my friends AND walking home buddyfriend. Then I realize that I'm 5 months older.
Got under her skin for lying
Petty revenge on boss that wanted me to dress sexier when I'm bartending
Someone kept stealing my lunch, so I started putting hot sauce in my lunch. Then they reported me to H.R.
Judge me out loud for taking the elevator, don’t be shocked I call you out for attempted shaming
Insist on smoking your cigar in the middle of a giant crowd? Okayyyy
Just got a letter from osha!
Oops, sorry to get you fired
Need help.
Kids in Cub Scouts say I'm too scared of a forest but then get pranked.
Rude to my friends? Lose your job
Refuse to turn off notifications to your old phone? Let me just flood your new one.
You want to put your feet on my armrest? I have a remedy for that.
Rudely Honk At Me, Get Stuck At The Light
Is it bad if I send a hateful Christmas card to the person who paralyzed me in a car accident?
You drove me out of my apartment, so I'm messing with the thermostat
F*** YOU
I played the long game
The pettiest of revenge (pic link in description)
My dad and his friends got humiliated in class.
Don’t let me us the boys bathroom? I will embarrass you
anyone want to spam a number?
Bicycle Accident
You cut me off, I’ll cut you off
Steal all the remotes!
Another HOA story
Pester me for 5 years, I don't think so!
Try to smash our pumpkin? Have fun tripping on the cement floor.
Leaving a Mark
Don't use my mug.
I made my friend stress about failing exams
See how slowly I can walk, bitches
Pretty sure she caused her own embarrassment.
My cat got revenge on me
Take the P out of me in another language and it will cost you
Classmate tries to screw with me. Gets put on report.
Annoying friend won’t stop annoying me and my gf
Steal my gas ?? Well, have fun fixing your bike !
Spam this number. +44 7904 287237
The Truth is Revealed on Halloween
Not my money back, but at least you had a bad weekend.
I prevented a racist HR Director from getting a job.
Text messaging the scammers
Put your feet on my armrest on a long-haul flight? I have a remedy for that.
Glued to the floor for jumping on me.
Don't deliver my order and don't give me a refund? Right, ok.
Petty flip phone
Too cool to study like everyone else? Guess I´ll just up the heat ;)
Working overtime daily, performing outstandingly according to clients, but performance review is "meets expectations"? Alright, let me meet them!
Man accuses us of breaking his car mirror
My dad and his love for trainers
Your penis jokes are basically saying you have a small penis
A customer ate a donut while shopping, so I charged him for three.
Friend gets annoyed by kid at school, basicly breaks his brain
You ditch me at school to hang out w/ your gf, I get you grounded for a month
I yelled BEEEEEEP at a lady for honking at me while I was riding my bike
Overnight Shipping
This conference call blows
Oof
I blocked a shoeless man from going to the bathroom on an airplane.
Colleague tells me his favourite food is all of the pizzas
Don't like having to clean the dishes? How about the entire house instead
Revenge on a cop
How should I do it
Story not good enough?
Compact means compact
Got in trouble at school
Forced Catering
My friend gave a Bully instant regret
Tailgate us? hope your brakes are good!
Gum Revenge
You want to honk and shout at me for not going? Enjoy the car wash.
Mr Postman, that's not how delivery attempts work
I got some CL scammers to send a check to the head of the FBI
Revenge (petty) on a verbally abusive manager and business that broke multiple regulations. Business is still struggling to this day...
Ask me out as a joke? Good luck travelling without your passport
I'm the bald guy
Team Player mode it is
Revenge à la Baby Shark
Got simple revenge on my sisters cat
Prostitution in marching band
Disregard the road markings to get in front of me? I don't think so.
Amway scamway
Can I have help with my petty revenge..I’m not sure what to do.
Roommate stole my package (proof)
I made a profit off getting mugged
A little revenge on one of my coworkers
How’s your coffee?
Need some help
Ignore me like a child so I’ll treat you like one.
True
You will never ever go to America, get it out of your head!!Retribution
Neighbour evicts our puppy for some "peace and quiet"
I let an associate go for not being productive enough
Karma
Splash splash my brother stopped acting like trash
Sorry grandma
We're going "green"... whether it makes sense or not!
Was annoyed with neighbor until I benefitted from his petty revenge
You don't let me sleep, lie to my face and mess with my things? Drink your nails!
Get used to the new hairstyle mom.
Domestic pettiness, or "how to remain level-headed"
Revenge of the Little Spoon
Help me decide if I should be petty. My stepdad is an asshole and I am a nursing student.
My parents are okay with my siblings walking in on me, so I did it to them.
Sexual Predator Travels No More
The Schoolbus Essay
The pallet and the cupcake
It's been 3+ years and I'm still petty
Walkex Affiliate Program
Trick or treat?
Mysterious woman wont stop bothering us have fun listening to nonsense
My predator and abuser called me crazy on Reddit and I accidentally made him delete his account
I Guess I Work at Walmart
Don't like my AC? How about a bright red lawn chair and some Beethoven?
People wants to take advantage of my age and 'get' free alcohol. Hah enjoy paying 95$ extra
People wants to take advantage of my age and 'get' free alcohol. Hah enjoy paying 95$ ekstra.
Break my stuff good luck
I'd been with my then partner a few years before I found out what the Greek nickname his mum had given me meant... And I used it in my revenge.
Hate My Essay? Too Bad Everyone Else Loves It
Bully me for half-year what about you give me cake!
Lady that owns Etsy shop has misleading listings, so I mess with her until she closes her shop
Bus driver almost runs me over
Dangerous Driver Nearly Killed Me and Family Twice
Dont flash my wife
You shoot me with your spring airsoft pistol, Ill full auto you with my m4:)
Getting back at bully, who bullied me for being gay
Beat me? K Ill just dump ur backpack
How's your mom?
Guy parked so close to me I couldn’t get out
Prank call this number
Looking for revenge ideas for a dentist that screwed me...
Traped in his own negligence
Try to steal, it'll cost you.
My sister talked shit about Fortnite in front of me and my dad(the two biggest Fortnite fans I know). So I drank her gatorade.
My friend got some revenge on a bully
Watched as boss ate my piss
Won't buy your own games, Fine I will just buy a disc copy.
even second graders can get punched by karma
Being a bitch in my life? (Still is) have fun getting a trash can cap slammed on you fingers.
Racist asshole
Manspreader refuses to share space, can therefore wait last to exit
Boyfriend punched me so I’ll never let him forget
Caught my cheating BF Red-Handed! My Petty Revenge runs deep.
Caught my cheating BF Red-handed!
Being petty to my patient's long-term partner
Guy wants to get me fired from a job I left 2 years before. Guy ends up paying for proper rubbish (trash) collection.
I Got The Other Woman Fired. Steal My Husband? Lose Your Job.
Petty revenge advice
Really petty but perhaps infinite revenge on a bank
My Wedding Photographer Got Revenge For Me
Try to write me, ok I’ll quit instead.
College roommate
I gave her cart back to her, behind her car
Postman refuses to Deliver
No Backbone !
A prick called Rick.
Douche hillbilly gamer loses high-level loot after kicking his S/O and their kid out the house.
Don’t Steal My Shampoo
Guess I Shouldn’t Train People
Maitre'd in restaurant repeatedly acts like a dick, how about several demotions?
My Fake Craft Brewery (Update)
Asshole on the bus gets what she deserves
Douche gamer Billy get deprived of high-end loot.
I stopped my bully
Played d&amp;d , ruined the whole game
Roommate is frequently rude, loud, let’s her cat shit on the floor. I set a schedule on the router to shut her internet off in random intervals.
Too famous to pay a small bill? We will waste all your ink
Revenge on a horrible teacher that resulted in him having to take the day off
I'm petty and did something petty
Ghost me? Enjoy being humiliated in front of your peers
Use me for free meals? Wait until you get called out in front of the band.
Colleague keeps stealing my cereal, so I got salty.
Become a bully teacher,make me lose my confidence and make me feel like sh*t? Have fun having the roles reversed.
Set trap on MY property, UNO reverse card activated !
Become a bully-teacher, make me lose my self-confidence and make me question myself? Have fun with the roles reversed.
All my friends spent their whole lives mocking my voice mail because of my child voice. I changed it perpectually to "I Lost the Game"
Have fun getting the cardboard in the baler
Do not abuse the essential staff
Killed a man because he kept taking my fries during lunch
Berate a speechless toddler? This lie's for you!
My horrible teacher got outplayed
needs petty revenge ideas for awful vile roommate
Why you shouldn’t mess with a computer nerd.
Don’t want to sit like I ask you to? I’m sorry if I keep hurting you.
How my parents made a company that pissed them off send them a check for $0.19
Throw that Kung Fu Panda crap on me? Fine, I have amnesia.
bruther stole my headphones
To my bitchy co-worker who attempted to gaslight me and sabotage my work performance: You tried. :)
'Forget' your support staff during lunch? Have a satisfying dose of petty :)
Revenge By The CatBoyfriend's cheating ex-wife accidentally sent packages to our house and demands we return them.
I HATE Entitled people
Group mate didn't help with the project, so he gets to present it alone
Don’t give me a raise? I’ll raise your wife’s skirt.
My Roommate Woke Me Up By Doing Naughty Things
Small dig at a gun store owners
AITA mod told me to post here
Dickhead manager loses some of his best workers
I get a kid suspended for harrasing my classmates.
‘Friend’ in crutches says I don’t do anything to help him- so I don’t
‘Friend’ on crutches says I don’t do anything to help them- so I don’t.
Self-sabotage to get back at a colleague
Am I a dick for this cards agents humanity play?
Can't wait in the drive thru? Your order's getting paid for.
So it's a neighbourly tidy house competition you want, huh?
My version of petty revenge at age 9
Jerk's wife dies, time to take action
Don’t be a jerk to the people who make sure you get paid.
Guy fucks his highschool bully's mom. The dick is so good she goes on a radio show to get him back in her life. She finds out it's part of a revenge plot live on the air. And he admits he's going to send photos to her son--his old bully.
let your dog in my yard? I let your dog roll in cat shit
Want to generally be rude to students? Say bye-bye to your job!
Having problem with neighbor above me making noise. Already complained to management and nothing is being done
Inadvisable Slap of Dirty Mop Water Boy
I snapped at my substitute bus driver today, tl;dr at the end
Jerk who goes over lawn to avoid speed bumps gets karma.
Try to take my roblox account? I will get your xbox account communication banned for a day.
Don't let me go? here take a passport to a coffin
Oops, I had a little accident
Guess, who is a normie now huh?
Don't piss off the person who teachers think can do no wrong.
Grammar nazi
That time I stopped using dishes
A penny for your thoughts
Karma is a big fat bitch.
not really one specific story but something i've been doing recently
You killed my cat? I'm going to ruin your nine lives
I need help with this one
Dumping a tractors load of farm muck on the steps of a court because a law firm closed down in the midst of a case.
Take my table? Okay,​ guess I'm joining you for lunch.
All good until the girlfriend moved in...
Everyone can be loud
I stole my sugar daddy's dream girl..
I stole my sugar daddy's dream girl
Steal from your family? Enjoy your phantom wedding gifts!
Peed my Pants for an Argument
How to cope with a-holes
A protester angry at the justice system drove his tractor up to a court and sprayed industrial quantities of muck at the building
Always be kind to your delivery drivers
Take all the wings? No sauce for you!
Brazilian Family gets what they deserve
Harmless!
Using me to nail that important test? No, instead almost fail the entire year.
Take down my stuff? Fine, but it’s coming out of your paycheck
Keep unplugging the washing machine while I'm using it? Looks like your slow cooker is getting unplugged too.
That time I stopped using sugar to prove a point
Your bag is in the way dumb dumb, I hope you like the new color.
Asshole neighbor knocks on my door at 3 am for the last straw today
Social Security has a warrant out for your Arrest, until you make them sing Nursery rhymes it seems
I learned everything to run your business so you can drink &amp; do drugs
"Friend" kicks me and ex fiance out.
My father is still adamant that I worked alone
Pretended to get an abortion when my asshat ex refused to pay me back for damage he did
My High School Bully Get His $100 Bill Destroyed
I subscribed my grandmother to pornography
I subscribed my grandmother to pornography
Drop your cigarette on the ground? I'll make you reach for it.
My friend is a master.
So you think it's ok to cut in line for a kid's ride?
Take the long way home
I am a female. In 5th grade my teacher was out for a few days so we had a sub. I was getting a drink from the water fountain and the Sub smacked the back of my head, I ended up bloody. I turned around and sub said “I thought you were a boy.” My Father came to school and sub never taught again.
Bully my kid? You won't get to play either
Ignore
Dad was set up for failure, proved everyone wrong and became their boss
If you’re going to prank call me, withhold your number.
Wash on your own time
Ran into S/Os ex-girlfriend
Regularly causing someone extra work will eventually lead to retaliation
An update to ex (roommate?) defaming me at work (enjoy your bills!)
Fuck you Andrea S
Yell at me for no reason? Good luck feeling tired everyday.
Already Using Your Service, Please Take Me Out Of Your Dialer
Why is my lawn brown?
That time I made a Karen go full-on Hulk mode.
To my bitchy co-worker who attempted to gaslight me and sabotage my work performance: You tried. :)
The slaying of the BoB demon
My high school best friend took advantage of me and I got back at them too hard.
An Aglet for an aglet
"Bar steward"
Found A Legit One
A story from my stagecraft teacher. A short story about a short man
The old man can't even hear! So hopefully he *SEES* my point.
I'll be in soon!
7th grader touches my bass guitar, I get him suspended
Revenge on Twitter
Auto body shop treated me like crap. What can I do? Can you help?
Douchebag of a cousin kept insulting me so I did something painful to his dick while asleep.
"I'm separating you by race." Alright, I'll just stand you up in front of the class.
I’m the reason my husband and a few others get so many spam phone calls and emails.
No tip for talking about us in another language.
Won't Clean the bin? Get a Noise ComplaintBoard Game Revenge.
Forced former admin to leave his base, kicked him from my tribe and disbanded the tribe for killing my wyvern in Ark.
Got revenge on someone else's behalf.
Office territory
Ryan earns the nickname "Butt Plug"
Hey! It's Chekov!
Why a re laxative revenge schemes so popular?
Boss didn't pay me
Ended a toxic relationship and karma is a bitch
I accused my friend of “exposing” himself in math
Selfish classmates screw their assignment grades.
In a hurry? Sure, I'll take my time
My revenge story with 0 effort (Short)
Girl made me hate eggplants for nearly 20 years. When I met her again by chance, I made her life a tiny bit more miserable than it already was.
Revenge on AirBNB for refusing to honor their gift cards
Forgive me Father for I have sinned...
Your lease is your leverage? Let’s fix that.
You really just said that to me...
DEGENERATE LONG TERM BF FUCKS MY FRIEND
Funniest stories?
LIVE - INCEL GETS REVENGE OVER DISCORD LOVE STORY
Vending machine revenge!
Small benchball victory
"Hey, have you ever tried Polish arm wrestling?"
Harass us? Just wait till November
Co-worker assaults me and gets fired with a cherry on top.
Fast food wanker
Just got my asshole manager fired because I was more valuable to the company
What's a good revenge tactic for a cheater?
Fast food revenge best served cold
A bad teacher
Revenge for not cleaning up after your son.
Tenants from hell
Be an asshole and and sit in the high schoolers only section? Have fun being hot!
She’s doing it wrong!
Want to bombard me with robocalls? Prepare for my counterattack.
For a reference, I'm 12
Cable company said their down wire in my yard wasn't their problem. Challenge accepted!
I got revenge on my schools bully - four years later.
He was cocky so i knoked him down
Deaf revenge
Told a Karen of a customer that we were booked even though we aren't. Now her services will expire.
Torque wrench dad savagery
Won’t pay your taxi fare ..... okay i’ll enjoy your bottle of vodka!
"liquid ass" spray for an asshole
Fake fan photo revenge
NSFW go raid this girl
Need your wallet back?
My brother is in construction, when he has to call contractors he doesn't like and they don't answer, he waits a few seconds after the beep so they have to listen to a message of him hanging up.
Foreign waiter was rude in his language so I returned the favor.
Thief. Scum. Liar. Stole from me and blocked me.
My supervisor and boss exact revenge on annoying client
Don't No Call No Show When I'm Friends With Your Family
Dumpster scare
Homophobic 60 year old man gets ended by a 12 year old
They destroyed my confidence, I made them bathe in my pee.
Humiliate me for graduating in a public uni? Let me get you schooled.
Be a dick about me getting off work a bit early? Enjoy digging your wings out of the trash
Man yelled at an old lady, then ate a saliva sandwich.
Skate me on a deal? We'll see how that goes...
Take my diamonds, I'll burn your house down
Asshat messed with my friend
I work at a Dental office and this happened in Early September 2019
aight
Forgetful brother being a jerk, try remember where your stuff is now
You want a nugget? Too Bad!
Girl is rude, gets a surprise later that day.
Don't ruin my movie watching experience
I ignore my best friend for two months who had a huge crush on me
I’ve got time to waste and a weird sense of humour- petty revenge on a telephone scammer
My new Co-worker finds quick issue with me and brings it up to management, I quickly pave the way for her to embarrass herself infront of management .
You will never... ever.... EVER... have my respect....
Contractor friend gets called stupid by an engineer, checks if engineer busness name is registered. Buys the engineers business name.
Rude neighbor catches husband's pretty revenge
If you act like a child, you'll be treated like one.
Fake accusations? The truth is out!
Don’t leave your computer unlocked in my house
2am booty text? Prepare for a 7 am response
I peed on my brother's head.
Don't take my phone with out asking
Want to leave me on read except when you need something regarding class? K then.
Want to leave me on read except when you need something regarding class? K then.
I hate mr.SOB s geometry class
Two neighbours 1 story
There was a real petaq on the highway yesterday.
Should’ve put your feet down!
The Addams Family Revenge
Lie To Get Free Pizza? Enjoy the “Do-Not-Deliver” List!
Be a jerk to the waitress on a first (and definitely last) date, get charged an asshole tax.
Booth neighbors love pounding their feet against the floor. I decide to join in.
Have you seen our rocks?
I Informed Our Landlord About Non-Leased Tenants To Screw Ex Over
Sometimes the Military Can’t Reform a Thirsty Teen
Interrupt my exam? Good luck trying to breath.
Scammer almost scammed my grandma
Hid my husband’s favorite tv channels for not telling me about an invite to a big family birthday party.
Coworkers threatened to jump me for calling out poor work behavior. Friend got fired and took them with him
I will never apologize.
The tree's losing its leaves? But it's a fake ...
I ruined hundreds of hours of art work (clay) and took the chances of big prize money away completely.I don't deserve my driver's licence? Fine, you can walk home
Don't steal a watch in a room with CCTV
My ethnicity is a game to you
That attitude is gonna cost you
Asshole date gets punished for being a dick to the wait-staff by taking advantage of his pride.
Smash up my friends' and my race cars by racing dirty? I'm sending you into the wall at top speed.
Constantly lie, demanding free food? Prepare to be denied free sauce
I've rediscovered my passion for heavy metal! :)
Steal my coupons - Earn some free Sh*t
Defame me in front of my coworkers and patrons? Enjoy your bills!
my 1st and probly only revenge story
Ruined a guys pizza because he punched me in the face.
Call me a typical millennial who expects handouts lose your first job opportunity in a year
Wont stop sweeping the driveway, enjoy the show
Someone got into my Spotify account so I played them a few songs.
Noisy Apartment Neighbors
I only have one contact way
Tell my crush I like her? Have a fun time getting suspended!
Drum major butt head I'm on mobile suck it
Homophobic racist bullshit. Please help if bored
A Dude Bullied Me For Years So I Surprisingly Make Him Cry
Don’t wanna go to bar trivia? Let’s watch this new show together!
Keep annoying me? Prepare for years of revenge
Try to sneak in extra charge, you can just take it back
My friend cancelled a flight i purchased for her and did so without telling me, i find out via e-mail from Southwest.
EP gets laughed at at 30,000ft
Want the house? Best pay for it then.
A Less-Hearted Story
Clean the classroom before doing my job. Hmmm no!
Just when you think you've got the upper hand...
Fat Shamed and Humiliated By Rich Kids and Their Mum. Gets Satisfying Revenge
Why are you so surprised if I am rude when you were first?
My grandpa; the malicious pot farmer.
My best friend is the queen of petty revenge and will go to the ends of the earth to make a point
Revenge of B12
Hate on my best friend? Get taken down :)
Bad customer service and intentionally obscuring payment due? I’ll pay you back... Slowly.
I only wanted water, ended up with a free breakfast
get nanaed
I used Spongebob as revenge against my next door neighbour
You like beer?
Posted on an ask reddit "what's your worst roommate story" was told to post here as well
Let the crazies live together and figure it out
I haven't ever
Professional Revenge Service
Melting chocolate
Walkex (Walk Coin) - ICO rating and details
Delivery costs extra? Sure! Send it!
Friend's annoying half-brother messes with us, ends up to the ER.
Friend's annoying half-brother messes with us, ends up to the ER.
Already know how to hold a kitten? No kitten for you then.
Don't share tips? Good luck getting any
Karma got a helping hand
One sided pissing match
Regularly steal my lunch? Please don't do that...
Oops, wrong house.
I guess she didn't expect I would get promoted.
Petty Revenge that happened on me...
Fire me if I call in sick? I'll come in then.
You want to be rude to the guy who has the ball? Then fuck you!
Scammer Gets Scammed
Let the emails flow
Don't scam call me, bitch.
I called in to work mostly just to prove a point.
Cold water on me = hot water on you
Comic Sans FTW
Telescammer? Let’s see how quick you are.
Berate me? Have fun thinking your decorations are broken
I need my pasta
My mother having s*x while I'm awake
Book store won't stop sending invoices for a book
Won't stop using my phone number for signups? Apparently I will get you a divorce.
Cut me off in the drive thru? Nope.
My ex cheated and I told our bankers
Racing an elevator.....
Passive-aggressively called out a racist remark and embarrassed the person who said it in public.
Racing an elevator...
I stopped a kid from playing around in my store at work
Chef yells at servers for not doing something, we do that thing to excess
Passive-aggressively embarrassed someone in public who said something blatantly racist.
Very small but sweet revenge
make fun of me? enjoy an F on your assignment.
1 drop at me = 1000 drops back
I control the caffeine.
My sister is being a bitch
Forgetful brother being a jerk, try remembering your items as I misplace them.
Don’t bother me when I’m sleeping
Break up and ghost me? Don’t expect me to take advantage of my kindness.
Immature revenge
Shipped with a friend
Someone intentionally splashed mud and water from a puddle on me with their car. Petty revenge ideas?
Man Being a Cheater Gets some payback
your in a drive through not a race track
Not a good idea to be rude to an airline staff.
Accidental Candy Revenge
Overcharge me? Free coffee for me!
Keep ringing that bell every 2 seconds, I won't come any faster
It’s OSHA Time!
Act like a dick to me and our friends? No more D&amp;D for you.
Someone put our clothes on top of someone else’s clothesRevenge by living a better life
Watch TV at work instead of actually doing your job? Good luck getting the remote back
First rule of scaring.
Come back to get *my* stuff ?
A Sweet But Bitter Revenge
The Dog's Revenge
Beware: Landlady takes petty revenge on tenants by eviction
Nosiy Neighbor Gets Two Tickets
Congratulations, you a-holes
Have a bottle that was promised to me taken away? No-one's getting it now.
Bully me get life ruined
They think they so cool!
Boss acts like a jerk, loses a needed worker
Person on Roblox with YT in their name was being annoying
Petty Lunch Revenge
My bestfriend betrayed me so...
Using a Fake Address? Don't be a Fake Friend.
Janet doesn't comprehend the word no and has to suffer the consequences for it
Wasting the (time) vampire's time
Calling me retarded? Well you can clean up your damn shop!
Short story, but cool
I got a $2300 item back from a 5 month long struggle by calling the past real estate business partners of my online buyer.
Going to make me come to work when I’m sick, well then you’re going to clean it up
Don't squirt me with hand sanitizer.
I grabbed my chance for revenge
We have nothing for you, I'll return the favor
Doctor is on my side.
My pal Richard.
No more pink dots, you say? Well...
10 year old gets sweet revenge against class bully
I kept getting collection calls for someone else, wouldn't stop until I left messages for their CEO and CFO at home
My siblings petty revenge
Exposing the Thot.
Nothing but crickets
I don't like to be hung up on...
You've been Bumbled.
petty revenge needed
Thieves kept stealing my 2-stroke oil, i got back to them :)
Made then pay for being douche hats all semester
Hack my minecraft account? Now you're signed up to a bunch of mailing lists.
I Gave My Boyfriend’s Boyfriend Chlamydia
Chatty Drunk Cathy misses the end!
Send me a defective product and make me pay for shipping on a return? Petty revenge for a shitty distributor.
I let my dog piss all over the crap she drags home.
You want to be a creepy little asshole? Watch me destroy your relationship.
Someone blew up my friends house on Minecraft so I completely trashed theirs
Walkex (Walk Coin) - ICO rating and details
I got banned from a discord server, and my friend took my revenge.
Pizza manager tried to screw me over, he got screwed back.
Phone Scammer Quickie
Revenge is a dish best served cold!
Personal satisfaction against annoying robo callers
Revenge on my cheating girlfriend
Wasted a scam caller's time and straight up told them that they were pieces of shit. They hung up.
Revenge by mail? Need advice
I'm trying to make a petty revenge story right now
I'm trying to make one right now
Ex financial advisor got leveled
a little revenge from a little human
Guy starts shoving people in a crowd, meets the ground
High School english teacher gave me political grief, got rekt by final book report
I put the assistant manager where he belongs
Tell me how to use a hole punch?
What non-violet thing would you do to a pedophile who can never be prosecuted &amp; now has a son the same age as the 6yr boys he repeatedly raped for years?
How I annoyed my terrible college next-door neighbor
Coworker refuses to let me use my employee discount, so I tell 4 higher ups.
Shame me for my mental health? Careful, this depressed bitch is also a petty bitch.
Dad never says you too, only says thank you. Today I will have no more of it.
Need some advice
Petty spoilers
You say I can't find it cheaper, I bet I can.
The purple rock
Steal my money? I'll take my accounts back.
1970s-style justice: Sexually harrass a bunch of women? Prepare for extreme embarrassment.
Jammed coworkers lock for stealing my locker
How do I get petty revenge on a coworker that talks about his dick without any warning?
Eat my food? Then you can't eat mine.
Don't take unassigned assigned seast
The Friend, The Phone and The Not Feeling Like It
[Meta] Suggestion - Can you add a flare for when people are typing their stories on mobile and for secondary English writers?
4,000 followers? We'll see about that...
Steal my nice pen? I botch your request entry deliberately
I smashed my own porcelain doll to get my brother in trouble
You try to insult me, I embarrass you :)
Teacher takes away my ZeeBee so I end her whole career
If you throw things at me I will get my revenge.
Got petty revenge by getting someone a job
Got my teacher fired for making me attend PE
Got my teacher fired for forcing me to attend PE
No one gets away with parking like a douche, not at this grocery store
Help me take revenge please
Cheat on me and lie about it? Enjoy being flooded with spam
Dorm neighbours fuck each other every night at 1am. This is why you shouldn't do that, with this guy in the room next door!
PORQUE LOS SERES HUMANOS NO TIENEN EL PLENO CONOCIMIENTO QUE EL SEÑOR JESUCRISTO PADRE EL DIOS DE ISRAEL, EL SEÑOR JESUCRISTO HIJO EL PRINICIPE DE LA PAZ, EL SEÑOR JESUCRISTO CONSOLADOR EL GUIADOR DE LA IGLESIA VERDADERA DEL DIOS DE ISRAEL Y TODOS LOS SERES ESPIRITUALES QUE VIVEN CON ELLOS SON EXTRA
Parked halfway in my bay? Hope you don’t mind pushing trolleys
Messed him up
Revenge Idea request
Break into my base and ruin it. Fine ill crash your server
Great fertilizer
Be a Fake Friend? Don't Use A Fake Address :)Of course I will remove you from our data/mail list sir!
Petty Scooter Revenge
Throw stuff at me? Say goodbye to your internet!
Go ahead and smoke all you want.
Steal our table? We'll steal it back.
Steal from me? You'll (I guess) regret it? Well you'll have to buy a new calculator anyway.
Wanna take my clothes outta the washer? Fine, have fun waiting a long time!
Petty revenge in an overfilled classroom
hello again and goodbye
Little kid tries to make my friend fall , thinks he can get away with it
Steal my towel everytime I leave it in the bathroom? Great, I’ll just use yours then.
Extremely Petty Revenge On My 5th Grade Teacher
* INCREIBLE *
Teacher revenge
Ponytail slap
I had to bring out my inner Karen to be able to park within 2 miles of my own apartment
My bully thought she could spread rumors about me and then ask for my help
Ban-happy moderation? Fine, make no money from my activity on your "deals" site.
What Exactly Is Vegetarian Meat Pizza?
Kid copies off my science quiz only to bomb it
roommate decided to be particularly bitchy today
Think you know the rules better than me on a Role Playing game? Lets see about that....
"Best Friend" tries to blackmail me to my LEO dad
Bully me for years, then ask me to make a program to cheat on your final? I have no problem with that...
dont copy me.
Sorry sir, I don't help idiots either.
I made a kid get a 0% on his test...
Scam me for ~$1 of merchandise, I contact your father
21) * LEGALIZAR EL NARCOTRAFICO * PORQUE LA MAYORIA DE LOS CRISTIANOS CATOLICOS Y EVANGELICOS QUE EXISTEN EN TODA LA TIERRA QUIEREN MATAR, DESTRUIR, ANIQUILAR A TODOS LOS NARCOTRAFICANTES DE TODA LA TIERRA, SI LA HUMANIDAD FABRICA COSAS MUCHO MAS PELIGROSAS QUE LAS DROGAS, COMO LOS BARCOS QUE ANDAN
Don't want to help me make pizza for us both? Hope you like spending the day on the toilet.
A hospital charge for something that should have been covered
X-Post from IDWHL
your music vs. mine
A Spice of Nice? Owner is an *ss, time for some explosive exits.
steal my water? not any more.
Get into my business and hit me? I take away your internet access.
Get into my business and hit me? I take away your computer's internet capability.
Cheat on me and talk shit about for 10 years? OK I just destroyed your marriage (to the guy you cheated on me with).
Want to lie about our sex life. Well hope you enjoy your fake herpes.
Make me clean my own hotel bathroom? Okay.
Hit my sister ? Not on my watch
The speechless colleague
Be a dick to me? It'll cost ya.
Want to block me from stocking my shelves? Say goodbye to your inventory count.
When my wife doesn't replace an empty toilet paper roll, I replace it the "wrong" way.
It's a good way to avoid accidents.
I’d like my ten cents back
Revenge x 3, including the ole toothbrush trick
Einstein's Revenge
Neighbors tried to claim my brother's scooter. Then they get played by themselves
Noisiest apartment neighbors.
You want petty, you got it - Chinese edition
Teacher hates me so I will ruin his class
You stole and shared my nudes? Have fun sneezing and itching, you asshole
You stole and shared my nudes? Have fun sneezing and itching, you asshole
You stole and shared my nudes? Have fun sneezing and itching, you asshole
You stole and shared my nudes? Have fun sneezing and itching, you asshole
Here's the supplies you need!
Take the trash out, Nasty
You are gonna be homophobic to me? Okay let me be petty
Entitled woman gets petty revenge and a dirty bag
Want to torment me daily? I'll take away the one thing you love the most.
Karen demands her price.
Preventing people from skipping traffic in a ‘closed lane’
Email passwords
Got revenge on a student whose mommy tried to make waves for me.
Hope blue looks good on you
Don’t brag about wronging someone when you might be on camera
Need a lift?
Tell Paramedics to wait for the next elevator, I don't think so.
Driver threatened me for merging in front of him so I really peeved him off
Can I have all your contacts? (Repost)
Call me an hour before I have an early AM flight after your night out
Be a dick, no i don't think so
Gay Porn Revenge
Tell lies about me, I will tell the truth about you and you'll lose a job opportunity.
Flowers to "mother"
Found out that my crappy tax-evading landlord ran a business on the side, so I left a review of his service online for all to see...
Can't take a warning? Pay the bill, serve the time.
Tell Paramedics to wait for the next elevator, I don't think so.
what happened to your soulmate girl???
Crazy girl throws garbage in my balcony. I get my petty revenge
Took an elevator up 1 floor today...
Don't take my seat.
Communal laundry
Act like a dick during a lab experiment? Gag at ranch dressing water
accidentally flirting with my Ex’s cousin
In your face boi!
His Petty Revenge VS My Petty Revenge
Roommate won't flush the toilet. No one knows why.
She might look young but she is mighty...
Lie to Get Free Pizza? Enjoy the “Do-Not-Deliver” List, Bucko!
You're dumping me? Have fun with your useless vibrator then.
Killed my former tenants’ weed plants...My fuck that felt good...
You wanna dump me? Have fun with your useless vibrator then.
You want to copy my test answers and bully me and act like you can get away with it?, Have fun with a F!
Break up on a Dare, Get rejected on your own rules.
Petty gaming revenge
Loud neighbors have ants now
Walkex (Walk Coin) - ICO rating and detailsMum gets cheated on, makes a special meal for cheating husband.
Hope you enjoyed my lunch :)
Just might look young, but mighty!
Vienna Sausages
Won’t pay me back... Fine, I’ll sell your things
Paypal petty revenge
Nerdy guy in college was a dick to me. I ruined his favorite pokemon.
A year later... I get my sweet revenge.
The revenge is going to come.
"Apartment hunting"
Somebody tried to stand in a parking spot to hold it so they could move closer
If you have a phone number and an email address, what are some creative anonymous petty revenge tactics? Asking for a friend 👀
Annoying neighbor gets ticket.
Have you ever heard a guinea pig screech?
Hospital roommate wont lift up the seat to piss so neither will I
Pointless but satisfying
Drive me to the hospital drunk? Baby won’t be named after you.
Old man don't want let me through...so I pushed him.
Disgusting Petty Revenge on Entitled Aunt's Potato Salad
There's a guy making fun of me because I want a girl... what should I do to his dog?
Won't listen to me whatsoever? Enjoy earrape!
https://icobench.com/ico/walkex#.XYx3iryBgUK.reddit
#6)LEGALIZAR EL NARCOTRAFICO EN TODA LA TIERRA ES LA MEJOR Y UNICA SOLUC...
Family could not handle their demon spawn in a store
The Tables Took 6 Years to Turn
#5)LEGALIZAR EL NARCOTRAFICO EN TODA LA TIERRA ES LA MEJOR Y UNICA SOLUC...
Asshole Customer Revenge
I'm inviting you to my wedding
Mental Solicitor
My first ever boyfriend
Sale of Goods Act....
The school janitor wouldn’t let me throw up in the bathroom so I threw up on floor and watched him clean it up
My ex wants a second chance
For when compromises fail
My college roommate was kind of a psycopath and a bitch
So you hate the word moist?
50 lbs. of messy revenge on terrible customers
Tailgater on the highway
Possession is 9/10 of the law
Got manager fired
Barking dog
#COMO HACER UNA DOBLADORA PARA HACER FIGURAS DE CARACOLES Y ESPIRALES DE...
How I got my first nice pipe
Tailgate me with your highbeams on when I’m already doing 80? Have fun cruising at 50 for 15 miles.
Friend kept taking my toothbrush.
Tailgate me with your highbeams on when I’m already doing 80? Have fun cruising at 50 for 15 miles
Tailgate me with your high beams on when I’m already doing 80? Have fun cruising at 50 for 15 miles
They Thought That They Could Make Fun Of Me? I Showed Them...
Don't mess with the kids!
My dad was an abusive turd so I got my petty revenge...
Annoying roommate
Want candy? Have some candy!
# USTED SABE QUE ES GEOINGENIERIA ? VEA ESTE VIDEO PARA QUE QUE CONOSCA...
Annoying roommate back in college.
REVENGE
Enjoy my expensive razor blades? Enjoy my herpes too!
getting lost so I can make my dad worry lmao
It's just not hard to NOT to hit a parked car in an empty parking lot.
I got him fired...
Petty Revenge So What...
Pay-pal was withholding my holiday funds, but ended up paying me.
"Some one just rammed through the barrier of your not-a-24h-parking lot. So, I Guess it *IS* a 24h parking lot."
Some shitty revenge (but I’m satisfied)
Hey so read below
A little different, but still very petty. (5th grade)
my ex friend groped my girlfriend, so i made sure she didn’t get elected
Butt and Ball Flavored Retainer
Cheating ex
Now Who's Better?
who else joined this group but is too lazy to read them so you just scroll for short ones
People quitting their jobs in original ways
Worst kind of Candle
HS Bully and accomplice classmates...
Take my sleep, I take your candy
r/kidbreaksupfriendsandpretendstobeinnocent
"Racist Lives Here"
My master plan against McDonalds
Professor claims I have mental issues
Concept: Justice For RNGesus - Is World War 3Three In 2020 Too Petty For Revenge
Ex and former friend want to hookup days after our breakup? Lemme call out that garbage in front of our class.
Throw your garbage at me? You forgot you take my buses
Never underestimate your students.
Drive up my ass, get a free car wash
D*ck Head Attorney thinks he is too good for copies!
College Roommate was a jerk, so I spiked his bottle of vodka with strawberry jelly
guy stole my Facebook group name and it is growing !
So Sad
EARNING MONEY TIPS
"Oh, but that's not a parking spot"
Walkex (Walk Coin) - ICO rating and details
New Suitemate decided my shampoo and toothpaste were free to use.
A shity revenge story
Looking for new job
Move my computer, I'll move it back
Taught a job site supervisor some manners
Don't mess with the guy who keeps your records.
Try to ruin my life? Watch me ruin yours.
#CONOSCA EL ULTIMO CANDIDATO PARA SER *EL ANTICRISTO* QUE CIRCULA EN LA ...
Stranger sent D-Pic so i sent Furry porn
#USTED SABIA QUE EXISTE PROGRAMAS PARA DISMINUIR LA POBLACION MUNDIAL ? ...Pee drawer
Steal My shampoo, Pay for it literally for 15 years
Making racist remarks about us? Well, I guess you’re not getting the job then.
Condom wrapper surprise
I should not come to class if I’m not happy with you? Sure thing.
How do I get revenge with just a phone number?
This one goes out to those who have suffered in narcissistic relationships
Girl Expected Cupcake After Throwing a Rock at Me
How would you handle this? Dirty Instagram
i found out about a service that anonymously texts people saying something along the lines of " someone you know tested positive for an std, you should get tested". I have used this service to send some texts to people that really pissed me off
Someone tried to copy my answers during class. Rather than tell the teacher, I had a better idea.
The Lecherous Judge
I forced a driver to stay behind me on a two lane road, with no passing.
EX was an asshole, so i made him pay, literally.
Neighbors Friend Blocked my Driveway, so I gave him a Fake Ticket
Someone’s gonna need to spend a long time tuning that...
#TIENES CANCER, CREE QUE PODRA TENER CANCER O QUIERE PREVENIRSE CONTRA E...
Play despacito out loud on a late evening bus? Say hello to Dark Chest of Wonders through my headphones, assholes.
Comedian Adam Ray tells hilarious revenge story from his days at Albertson's supermarket (Spotify link)
Someone killed our dog. A lot of petty revenge...a bit of TIFU.
If you act the fool at an event, don't expect an invite to the next one
This one goes out to those who have suffered in narcissistic relationships
Silly cashier
Parking Karma
So much for being neighborly
One man's trash another man's revenge.
"Handicapped" Driver
How I annoyed my terrible college neighbor who took advantage of my kindness
I blasted bad country music all night just to bother my terrible neighbor
I crashed a Myspace chatroom back in the day, due to trolls and cyberbullies
Walkex (Walk Coin) - ICO rating and details
Students strike back
space engineers stupid asshole players...spend 140 hours building a massive lag factory to win a war?? ill show you
Shove my fiancee while in line at the RMV? Enjoy waiting an extra several minutes
Walkex (Walk Coin) - ICO rating and details
my petty revenge story
Walkex (Walk Coin) - ICO rating and details
http://www.supplementcave.com/ultra-fast-keto-weight-loss/
##प्रसिद्ध ज्योतिषी##+91-9649320175 hUSBAND WIFE*/*PROBLEM*/*sOLUTION bABA jI
!!!! एक कॉल !!!! +91-9649320175 lOVE mARRIAGE##SPECIALIST##bABA jI
Reclaiming my parking space.
I'm a barista and when customers are rude to me, I burn their milk on purpose.
Top phd services in india
StarCraft 4v4 turned into 4v1 because people left and lagged
Math Teacher Forgets Object Permanence, and Retires.
got bullied got angry got expelled
Remind me never to make my kids mad
Too fat to run
Underpay me all these years? I'll make your retirement not as smooth!
She attacked my friends, we ended her reign
I just discovered this subreddit, and a story from my senior year of college immediately came to mind.
How’s your stuff?
Accidental Petty Revenge
Annoyed me, so i annoyed them.
An employee walked out on me and I later had him escorted from the store's property
How I broke my cheating ex.
Maybe this fits here.
F(r)iends.
I alt f4ed
Classmates roasted me thinking I didn't understand their language. Got my petty revenge a couple of weeks later.
#1)LEGALIZAR EL NARCOTRAFICO EN TODA LA TIERRA ES LA MEJOR Y UNICA SOLUC...
#1)LEGALIZAR EL NARCOTRAFICO EN TODA LA TIERRA ES LA MEJOR Y UNICA SOLUC...
Dinged the van with a car door
Simple refund turns into 2 free meals
So you wanna snoop in your daughters texts?
Me (20-year-old) finally got revenge on my awful 12-year-old nephew... please read description for context, I know it sounds ridiculous.
Backs out on home closing AND leaves a shit in the toilet
Petty revenge on my 12 year old
Hey, Come Look at This!
Canine Style Revenge
Canine Style Revenge
Failed two female students
Finally I had the chance to take some petty revenge! During a museum visit
"You look great...!"
Bully me well karma comes back.
A guy led me on then bullied me, so I outed him.
i pulled a prank on my mom (GONE WRONG)
When students grade other students’ tests
r/8-bit gang
Being petty to little kids on my school bus.
I had anorexia and she constantly mocked my body, but her boyfriend didn't mind...
You ask for money but you have money
Get a Brand New iPhone 11 Pro
***One Call***+91-9649320175 Husband Wife Divorce__Problem__Solution__Baba Ji
Pettiness at an animal shelter.
Check bounced and they refused to pay so
This was supposed to be our PS4, Hope you like lag
Just because its empty doesnt mean its free parking
Be mean to my mother serving your Drinks? Good luck driving home
So you're not comfortable throwing money at the problem?
Wtf I just wanna mine some iron
Revenge on Rude Karen at University
"Ignoring me? Fine. I'm happier now."
Double parked rudeness, karma bites.
Bully got unexpectedly hurt
You bullied me? What was your name?
Hijacked a stool for my plants.
Want to act like a dick? Enjoy the dicks.
You think I'm an antisocial freak who just sits in front of the computer all day? Surprise!
Let's turn around the imminent Global recession!My best friend took my pillow so....
Show up over an hour late for a family event and I'll convince your kid we live in the Matrix
Tricked my vice principal
My mom made fun of my memory loss due to depression, so I told her the ending of Game of Thrones.
Guy cuts in front of me, but my dog gets the last laugh
I am a pacifist, but I engaged in chemical warfare
Won’t let us merge? Ok I’ll call you company
I cleared an entire feild of assholes with one fire.
My "I Told You So" to the Department of Defense.
Revenge
Chemical warfare
I filled out a GameStop receipt survey honestly....
Be a dick to me in class? Try finding your books now.
http://herbalweightlossreview.com/trubodx-keto/
Book farmhouse all over India on bookmyfarm.com
Two Brothers Who Split a Delicious Hotdog Revenge
Keep In Mind... This was First Grade
Living well truly is the best revenge
https://ketoslimtone.com/keto-slim-tone/
Hanki uusi iPhone XR!
Repeatedly kick my seat in the movie theatre? Enjoy the rest of the film
Can't be bothered to call a number, take a nice long wait
Revenge on credit-stealing boss
My Grandmother’s Petty Revenge
Took the long way home and luckily got an impatient tailgater stuck behind a bus
I got revenge on my head teacher.
May have hindered the seasonal sales of an asshole's farm. Oh well.
Sorry, Not Sorry
Honestly too petty for petty revenge
I need some petty revenge ideas.
Karen stuck in a blizzard
Taking revenge when someone hearts you in love !
Jeans?
You don’t care about my kids’ health, then I don’t care about yours.
Revenge for an overbearing sister on her 3rd wedding day
Concerts bring out the worst in people
Turn about
my wife’s petty ass father removed the washing machine door so she couldn’t wash her clothes for several weeks..so i removed the dryer door and threw it into their pond when we moved out. it’s still there. 🖕you, todd!
Escuela
Have fun with that $600 loss.
s It Safe to Buy Essays Online in Essay Writing Company?
Trying To Catfish Me? I Have The High Ground!
won't take me off your robo-call list, ok then, tu habla Español?
Have fun retaking it!
I baked muffins for my least favourite teacher
Perfect revenge
Untentionally scared a potential road-raging mom back into her car in elementary school pickup line
Okay, Let how to draw if you are going to bully.
Bitch about my smell? Enjoy a runny nose
Girl annoyed me when I was little, so I got the dog on her
UPS stands for Unreliable Postal Service.
Beach Bullies
Evil Teacher cheats my grades, and tries to get me kicked out of school. He got FIRED
I could help you... If you weren't such a cheeky cunt.
CROWD 1 Making millionaires in just a month!!! The easiesy way to make money ever!!! Instant payment and ownership of shares!! Fastest growing network!!
Was on a motorcycle trip, drunken rednecks hosed us, we hosed them back worse
Think it’s fun to ruin other people’s fun? Have a taste of your own medicine!
(Harmless) Revenge of the Bikers!!!
Wanna leave me? I hope you choke on avacados!
Karma had my back
A tale of heart break and revenge
Crossing guard cussed out the wrong parent
Get Affordable Apcalis sx 20mg Oral Jelly Online
Cousin gets scared, gets petty revenge
I can’t have a pet? Well see about it.
Can't Read? Enjoy Wasting Your Gas!
I encourage my mom to take petty revenge on boss who won't turn down the thermostat
Wanna be rude about my age? Be cold and wet then.
Crush my toys? I crush yours.
I once got bullied in High School
Steal my food? Enjoy a burning tongue!
Try to scam me? I’ll scam you instead
You need three Xbox? Seriously?
Parked in my driveway, never again.
Mess with my Pizza?
I encourage my mom to take petty revenge on boss who won't turn down the thermostat
Fuck Credit Card Companies
Don’t make plans on Craigslist and then ghost the other person.
Don’t make plans on Craigslist and then ghost you
You three Xbox? Seriously?
Don’t force someone to do extra work because you fail to listen
I once had someone send an email cussing out my co-worker for doing her job
Messing around with my friends? Go get checked for HIV.
today my gate was stolen
Creep sends rude and sexually harassing messages to a friend of mine. I forward them to his girlfriend.
Tailgater digs their own grave and gets stuck in traffic
Want to be a bitch? Get a ticket.
Rude? Gotta take ya scissors
Some serious petty spaghetti at a bubble tea shop in Vietnam
Gay people. We are going to take back our rainbow.
It's been tempting
Do you want to be heard by an empathetic listener?
You Destroy my Minecraft house, I destroy you
Teacher loses my assignment I then made her look foolish when she tried to make me do a presentation on said lost assignment.
https://icoholder.com/en/walkex-30922
Gatecrash a charity ride just to add to your top places on Strava ? Not on our watch.
People riding your bumper
enitled camper
Walkex (WALK COIN) IEO Rating, Reviews and Details | ICOholder
Steal his door? Yours are gone.Walkex (WALK COIN) IEO Rating, Reviews and Details | ICOholder
Modern Home Decors for modern living style!
Walkex (WALK COIN) IEO Rating, Reviews and Details | ICOholder
UPDATE: The branches are cut, people are still "trespassing"
When a motorist needs some cooling off.
Yell at my co-worker for making a small mistake, when we just saved your ass?
Can't use your bin? I'll use your pathway.
In a rush? 2 minutes to wait for your bubble tea is not gonna hurt you
ยิงทีมเก่า! "ดิ มาเรีย" ซัดเบิ้ล เปแอสเช เปิดรังถลุง ชุดขาว เละ 3-0 ศึกแชมเปียนส์ลีก | YoulikeBET
Turned tables on manners.
Double parked jerk
Jerk double parks
What should I give my ex?
Succ on that
Dear Aunt Here's-7-Dollars-And-Your-Cousins'-Old-Clothes, I spat in your tea.
My son always opens my room's door without knocking first and this time his friends saw me in underwear (not on purpose)
Collapse my tent? Prepare to be trapped in yours for hours.
Be purposefully rude to me? I’ll just obviously ignore your attempts to get people to compost.
Jealous friend talked shit about me to our mutual friends, so I took away his big job opportunity
My old boss talked shit about me, so I ruined her relationship.
help
I got to go to Mexico and my ex still is trash
Steal my headphones? prepare for hell.
Best Hits
a truth reveal spell on my ex
Half of school comes to local shop.
Science Teacher Tries to Embarrass Me only to end up embarrasing himself.
The wisenheimers
Bad neighbors hear tapping
Drone law argument turned web domain takeover
Polemical Commentary on the social and the esoteric
Don't mess with a 16 year old preparing your food.
Trump will be arrested for a lifetime of criminality.
You stole it you keep it.
I let my ex husband rack up points on a grocery discount card I still use and then take it for discounted gas.
PSN hackers are terrible
Petty AF homesellers tried (and failed) to exact petty revenge in the form of blueprint destruction
Highschooler tries to sell my boyfriend a faulty item and dodges contact for returning it. So I contact his mom.
Teacher tried to make me look like an idiot in front of the whole class so I flipped it back on him
Don’t Stop in the Walkway
That one time when a smile isn't what you want to see.
Happy Birthday Brain!
Women got angry at me when I tried to resolve a situation, I got extremely petty next time she came in.
My ex-roommate wouldn't contribute to household purchases or shared items - I returned the favour
I served my husband's ex with papers filed to lower child support obligation in a real petty way after 10 years of her BS.
karma was coming for him
ruined teenagers party
Fake charity bag surprise
Entitled aunt and uncle mock my mom, I delete everything from their computer
Do NOT mess with my kid
Guy let’s his dog shit in the lot
Childhood revenge on my big brother
Office workers know petty.
Dad Ditches Kid in Coach to Sit in Business Class - I hope he enjoys his new vocabulary!
Spotify Hacker has playlist ruined
Beaten all of our site rivals as the top upcoming anime site
If someone wants to get in, they can use their house key
Biting his nose off to spite his face.
I pissed in my orange juice
Super Videos
SuiteCRM Themes Customization
Rude to me for being young? Enjoy parking it in Manhattan
My mom threw out my medication so I watered her plants with rubbing alcohol.
Be a dick to me about walking across the corner of your parking lot. Have fun dealing with city code enforcement and tree law.
Feral Neighbor thinks he is the Parking Monitor
FUCK your CAR
Don't want to share the water bill? Fine. It's all yours then.
My boyfriend cheated on me with my cousin and then continued dating her for two years
a four year old cheeky disposal of a wedding ring and it's four replacements
Woman plays loud music on public transit so I lock her speaker in a box
Sure, No Rush on Our Security Deposit..
ARTIKEL POKER ONLINE TERBAIK DI INDONESIA
Something Fishy
My ex trashed my credit, so I got back.
Park bad? I park worse.
Cousins got what they deserved after running and letting me behind with the dog
คาร์ราเกอร์ - เนวิลล์ ฟันธง โอตาเมนดี้ ยืนคู่ สโตน แมนซิตี้ พลาดแชมป์ชัวร์ | YoulikeBET
I rubbed my new relationship in my abusive exes face. Felt great
My GF of one year cheated on me in the beginning of our relationship so I cheated on her for months then dumped her.
Abusive (ex) boyfriend gets to see how crazy I really am.
My grandmother's neighbor screamed at me for parking in the street, she ruined his reputation in the community and he'll be getting some new neighbors with a lot of guests
My proudest most pettiest moment with an entitled customer
You can have the parking pass, just meet me halfway.
Almost blew my roommates nose off!
The Operator Can Be Helpful -- At Their Discretion
I'm not moving out, but you're more than welcome to.
Bully Gets Her Foot Crushed
Some petty revenge on my antivax aunt
When I start to lose an argument online, I make my opponent an honory member of my organisation.
Be an ass for 3 weeks? Feel the wrath of a russian.
Not gonna let you know you aren't actually backing up your stuff
SUPER SPICY Takis.
Charge me for a toll I didn't take? Ok I'll waste your time too then.
Must be abused or revenge just makes you seem like an asshole
How to piss off a school with a coat
Mess with a friend you'll regret it- old school.
Bins that were paid from my account are in ex's name, after both moved out of apartment tried to let her know to cancel them so I can pay off debt.
Stole off me, so I got petty, painful revenge
Feeling guilty for petty revenge
Hello fart fartGirl nearly failed because of us
Dont fuck with my sister
Petty revenge on Ex's sister-in-law
The time my boss wanted to watch Intern Battle Royale for a full-time position at his company
She told my friend I hacked her instagram
getting revenge for being woken up extra early for no reason
Cousin doesn't want free earbuds, gets automotive lesson instead.
Petty Revenge as a Kid
Funny Videos
You wake me up at dawn, you lose your Rocket League ranking.
Double Glazing annoying salesperson
My Exboyfriend is gonna drive 2 hours to a concert just to not get in
Mail-order stepmom steals my pay, ends up with nothing except my piss.
Bully me relentlessly? Okay then, have fun in Handball!
"Stop saying "Have a nice day!!" it annoys me!!"
Try to scam me? Watch some hardcore porn instead!
Childish Petty Revenge - I Was Really Angry at My Dad
And those who think that they are beyond rebuke..
My son is Machiavellian
Won’t watch your kids or make them maintain a reasonable volume? We’ll blast you.
I sincerely don’t like my neighbor’s job
Other table, please.
Honk at me in a tricky intersection? I'll drive the speed limit on a fast road!
Petty revenge on mean neighbors
Got milk?
Sorry, Not Sorry
i was a kid &amp; my mom slapped me
You won't fix the door? I'll make sure your boss hears about this.
Accuse me of giving students alcohol and try to get me fired? Have fun coming out of retirement!
No ice cream for you.
Minute Rice
Bully me in school? I get you detention at my will
Don't Judge A Bundle of Tips By Its Cover
"Client" wants additional payment, gets it from me, but not as expected
My petty revenge as a child.
And then there was corn!
Laid off? Fine I'm taking the office water with me.
I say you can use something when you need it, and I never get it back?
Don't want me to leave the kids in the car for 60 secs? Ok!
Bus twit
Fire an "injured on the job" intern. Receive mass quitting
My teacher humilates me, I humiliate her
Neiman-Marcus ripped me off, refused to give me a refund. So I leak their best recipe
Keep waking me wake up in the middle of my rem sleep to clean cat poop, I’ll sleep till the next day.
Steal her breastmilk, enjoy your shits
We need to reserve this totally empty room? Okay, have it your way
Moving revenge
Dear Verizon Man
Cheat on your beautiful, successful girlfriend? Well, you made your bed.. now you can lie in it!
Want more pizza than you’re allowed? Suffer sweet, cold revenge.
Off course I can take away the 'useless' foil
Bike wheel to the balls
Touch me inappropriately twice? I will destroy your business silently and effectively.
Park on our property the night before trash day? Alright. I'll just place my trash around your car.
Roommate was stealing my marked leftovers. Made a chocolate cake with habanero peppers, labeled it with my name, and wrecked his world.
Confiscate a crappy fake swiss knife? Thanks for the free multi-tool!
The Ex's new BF is mighty tough
Bully me for years? Lose your porn magazine
Trying to scare the shit out of a 12yo me? Hmm I don't think so, but good try!
I’m not allowed to take Cheetos from my brother’s bowl?
Tk-er gets banned
Woman applauding during major fight scene in the movie. Good luck with a criminal record
Point a gun at me and i am gonna use condoms from your store to fuck your daughter.
Selfish best friend? Just pour slime in her hair.
25 years go, my mom got petty revenge on our unhygienic neighbor
Trash dog.
Angry tryhard get made
Glued my ex bosses car to drive.
Hate me for no reason? Here's a reason.
Jeopardize my sobriety. I'll jeopardize your contracts.
Girl chooses wrong kid to mess with
Crazy guy steals my garbage bin, and a crazy situation occurs after. Cops, tobacco, cleaning, ATMs, you name it.
Social Experiment With Satisfying End
Melted popsicle does the trick
Ex Wife stuck with large Medical Bill
(Reposted By Requests) Wanna torture Van Dwellers? Ok I got u
Tailgate me in a school zone. Hope your not in a rush
I went to pet my dog but my sister didn't like this.
Bully me and my cousin who has Asperger's? Have fun counting 2000 pennies
I’ve “Fallen”
You hate guns? Well fuck you too then. Sorry I’m bad with titles
My ex tried to rub his new sex life in my face
Sorry, Not Sorry
Giving the person that tried to get my dog put down a bit of petty revenge
I Shouldn't Be Wearing My Clan Uniform if I Can't Fight Back? Kay.
MatMaids Should Have Studied Anatomy, Not Just Sex
Try to kill my dog? Hope you don't mind if I ruin your life?
Landlord tries to overcharge us, ends up costing them 10x more!
My sis is a bitch
My mom thought my dad was gonna be a deadbeat...
I'm getting sweet revenge on whoever stole my phone by writing the number everywhere asking for gay sex.
Whilst in traffic, I saw a man in the third lane over throw an empty cigarette carton onto the ground. A woman in the middle lane saw too and looked at me. We shook our heads, pulled up next to the man, and tutted at him and pointed at the carton on the ground. Then a third person joined in.
This is just satisfying on my end
Want to torture van dwellers??? Ok I got u
The birds do my bidding.
Overcharge me on property taxes? Have fun NOT seeing any money from me.
Bad parking skill? I have someone for you to call!
Help me get revenge on my bitch stepmother and her snake daughter
If you're going to be an asshole to me and my friends all year long, you should expect revenge.
Annoying classmateTake my WoW character, lose yours.
MY Detergent
Wanna Steal lunches? I got a big surprise for you.....even if I get caught.
Cost me $55, I’ll cost you a job, karma will cost you over $1MM
Taking care of people using me as a prank.
Revenge is best served cold, and sticky.
Hate the smell of popcorn? Too bad!
Here are your milkshakes back.
My petty revenge against my niece
Piss me off I Piss her off (germaphobes worst nightmare.)
Enjoy your plus size clothing catalogs
Blasting audio of my RM throwing a tantrum to 11
Take my food? Suffer.
How did your enemies react to your success?
Dont tailgate and be an asshole driver
You Know You Car Has Reverse Right?
Girl had this coming
Don't bring glass to the beach
The older brother knockout.
Cheat on me? Here, have your favourite meal but with a twist.
I gave a jerk a crappy job.
being rude = digging through trash
I must commit slow.
Still my stash and deny it ? Take a hot hit
You steal my weed and deny it ? Take a spicy hit
Don’t challenge me
Enjoy bullying my little sister? Enjoy being taunted and avoided at school!
Park in my handicap spot get your car towed
It’s so easy to not be an asshole
Almost got truck mashed so I mashed him and his car
Take my money and don't deliver? I'll take your land and leave you for dead
Get out my swamp ya little bitch
You threaten me? Guess you'll pay for my new door now.
Keep your kid in your lap the whole flight? I will push back
on my-homophobic uncle
Mom’s petty revenge backfired
35 wonderful seconds of revenge
Cheat on me? Enjoy your walk up the stairs!
Annoy us? Good luck finding your iPad!
Fire me? I will expose you.
Ride on someone else's name, pay the price
sister flips my bed so i flip her stuff
My phone on your business card? Sent your customers to the competitor!
Accuse me of stealing and bully me? Have fun with the consequences.
No Pay = No Work
People who don't wash their hands after using the bathroom
How I'm about to prove a point to my teacher by bringing pizza to school
No pay, no training
I'll show you....
Your assholery shows on your front yard now and everyone can physically see how toxic you are in their community.
Ex Girlfriend snooping
Let me Freshen that Air for you, Boss Lady!
Bad attitude guy blocks tow company lot. Wonder how'd they move his car?
Need help getting petty revenge
Keep harassing me after I ask you to stop? Enjoy therapy!
I got revenge on an old workplace by starting a rumour.
An ex-friend lied about us
Never be an ass at a bonfire 🧢 🔥
Insult me and belittle me, but I wouldn't crumble.
Best friend dates my crush? I expose her cheating.
I made your sandwich making very difficult for one week.
I fart in your general direction!
Use my Kleenex without asking? Bad idea, bud.
You won't find a better salary in the area.
Pick up after your dog please!
Don’t challenge me.
The guy who ghosted me showed up in my favourite coffee shop and I pretended to be planning my baby shower.
Guess I'll just take them both... and you can go to the station.
Ghost me? That'll cost you your next job.
i also have autism
My small victory over my childhood toxic friend
It could have been worse
How I got a small victory against my Childhood Toxic friend
Entitled neighbour messes with my scooter, so I mess back.
Cant use the TV? Well fine!
Casy Anthony
Can’t use the TV? Well fine!
Won’t let me merge? Okay buddy 👍
I hate my grandma, so I did all the house chores and took EXTRA good care of her
Trash meets trash
Dont fuck over my grandpa
Girl rubs in victory, gets put in place hard a week later
Dad gets his revenge on cocky recruits
Getting revenge on cheating ex gf.
Am I evil?
You could have waited 5 seconds, enjoy 5 minutes.
i fok enemy momma. she cry she dum
Revenge from Beyond the Grave
Thanks for throwing away my trash.
Easy revenge on neighbor
Annoy me enough and I will introduce your students to local laws
The Devil’s Hair
A secret santa gift
Called names, discriminated and bullied? Yes
My Brother Gets his "Just Desserts"
You know damned well I took that box of cards
Use me for your enjoyment, say bye to all your school supplies
"look at how fat that boy is"
Phantom of the opera saves the day
Simple but delightful childhood revengeRoofies in a beer tower
Won't give me a job with my new degree, No problem.
How to get back at “dad”…
HELP.
the *BEST* way to deal with an annoying flier...
Sorry, there's no one here to help you
Guy work up a 12 bed hostel dorm room at 6am, petty revenge ensued.
How to silence a noisy neighbour
Icecream thief
You want your phone number back that he paid for?
Take a long walk pal
You Really Shouldn’t Go That Way....
Hey, they took our money!
Teenage rolling revenge
No tv for a week mom!
Shit in a bag
Customer inconveniences us at close to closing time, I inconvenience his night out.
I Called Him Every Chance I Got
You forgot your burrito.
they dont know it was me
Minecraft Server Takedown
Man takes leaves of Bush then gets poisened
Block my car in? Refuse to move said car? Karma is a bitch.
Red Truck Guy
Quick response shuts guy up
last laugh
(Minecraft Revenge) Try to steal all my stuff from me? How about a "no u" and an IP ban.
Mines bigger than yours Asshole!!!!
"I broke up with you now let me keep your stuff!"
Act rude to me during an anxiety attack? Enjoy your trip ending horribly.
Report my underground jousting ring at camp, we will report you for sleeping with a girl and having weed
Gave her pinkeye and stole her ID
Friends landlady keeps coming into his place weekly without permission, we freak her prudish ass out and remind her its polite to knock!
Don't pick me up in THIS disgusting truck!
I'm a tall freak eh?
Screw my school rep? say goodbye to your instagram
Annoyed online trolls to distraction
Don’t park in the grass
The satisfaction of putting an ex-girlfriend in her place and teaching her to be humble.
Revenge on my english teacher
Friend acted stupid so I tried to embarrass him
3 girls were annoying, so I make them feel super guilty.
My neighbour kept blocking my driveway and now their lives are a little bit less convenient
be careful who you accuse...
Make me and my boyfriends lifes hell? Meet the health inspector ;)
A gooey leaf and a toilet
I got a family kicked out because their kid called me a ...
Roommate makes my room unlivable? Enjoy being unable to get in!
Email for everyone
Ghost Poo 👻
Check yoself before you wreck yoself.
Hope you like being paid in loose change!
Burning Man Petty Revenge Shenanigans
My agro invasive neighbour now has a rooster after I begged him not to.
Revenge Inside the West Wing and White House - Told as Apolitically as Possible
I pushed the annoying kid of my school into a bunch of girls who hate him
Toilet shennanigans
Grandma’s petty revenge on my mother
New neighbor calls cops on my dad for loud music. He turns it up a bit
Pettiest stepmom revenge
Mess with a llama? Enjoy not being allowed to use our washroom after it spits in your face.
A bit of sisterly petty revenge
I called the cops and ICE on a girlfriend that cheated on me and gave me chlamydia. Her whole family got deported and she ended up selling herself on backpage.
Rude at the gym? Enjoy wiping off my sweat.
Ruin my life? No ruin your life!
A mix of revenge and justice (long post)
Rochambeau-ing leads to Revenge best served with some much needed buttery goodness.
Take my stuff without telling me? Ok well prepare for this!
Rich aunt is a bitch to her sister-in-law and her nephew's wife. Nephew gets revenge by building a big hotel right next door.
My Rude Principal
I called the cops and ICE on a girlfriend that cheated on me and gave me chlamydia. Her whole family got deported and she ended up selling pussy on backpage.
Group project teammate who doesn’t do any work gets owned
Group project teammate who doesn’t do any work gets owned.
my narcissistic aunt started yelling at me so I made a song about her daughter who left her and started singing it while she was outside the front door
Petty revenge on vegan who tried to sue to stop her neighbours from barbecuing meat in their own backyards
Compulsory Purchase? Okay. Let me forget some important information
A crazy guy in a convertible endangered the lives of my father, his supervisor and their passengers, Let's just say they were quickly "Flushed away"
Bother-in-law's stinky revenge on dog
My proudest petty road revenge
Trucker thinks they own the road, I make them wait for the light to change.
Middle Schoolers are Awful, I made a sub quit.
Trucker thinks he owns the road, so I make him wait 15 seconds for the light.
He saw the lane closed just like everyone else
Copyright everyone? Enjoy termination
My boss does a petty revenge on his dog
Well if hacking isn't a big deal...
Thanos
The long story of how a Wal-Mart manager cock blocked himself when I applied on my old job after he pushed me away.
Take a parking sport that is not yours, enjoy being watched and shamed by the whole store
Got em back in such a simple way it's glorious.
Got sexually harassed. I texted his mother and told her everything.
School Bus
Jerk Coworker
Women cheats on husband, and later is cut off by family
The phrase is excuse me please
I sent the porn he starred in to his parents, GF, and college mailing list.
My Co-Worker would eat me food, so I made Chilli with Ghost Chilli Peppers in it.
being petty with an internet scammer. I have his phone number(s), I need ideas!
Cheat on me? I’ll ass fuck your uncle🤣
My best mates sister enjoys getting twat battered......loudlyWaste my time on the phone arguing? OK, write it up, ALL of it.
Petty High School Girl Ruins Former Friends Day
"Your dog shit in my yard" and other tales from my side of the hedge
I lucked out with the parking authority, and got my annoying loud neighbours a whopping ticket for boxing me in.
Got a call from the "Social Security Administration" this morning..
Dad took a bite of my sandwich so I put fakeupdate.net on his computer.
Lanky really didn’t like wearing socks
Mess with a llama? Enjoy not being allowed to use our washroom after it spits in your face.
Mess with a llama? Enjoy being locked out of the washroom after you get spit on.
Cab got tampered meter
Little but satisfying revenge for an awful vacation
They thought a second time was the charm...
Don't drive like a dick
Group project teammate who doesn’t do any work gets owned
My WORST teacher ever
Older sister mocked me for being sick
Older sister mocked me for being sick
A customer was being super annoying so when they asked me where to get lunch I sent them to a terrible restaurant.
Made to wait to use washbasin
I put a fake note on a Corvettes windshield that read "Sorry I hit your car, you probably won't even notice the damage" because it was taking up four spots.
Almost run me over? Enjoy getting the finger and having a big dent in your expensive car
Car seat adjustment revenge.
Lie to the whole troop for years? Ok, my turn.
I put a fake note on a Corvettes windshield that read "Sorry I hit your car, you probably won't even notice the damage" because it was taking up four spots.
You think Steven Universe is Crap? Let's see if you can survive the movie...
I put a fake note on a Corvettes windshield that read "Sorry I hit your car, you probably won't even notice the damage".
How I made made my middle school bully pass out
petty theft revenge
Right back at Cha
A dusting for your crops
Stop with the G** DAMN HORN
Ignore Requests To Quiet Down? Sure, I'm Calling 911.
Mock my disabled brother? Big sister mode activated
Blow your horn at me? Fine.
2nd grade archenemy; cue ”dastardly” plan from 8yo me
DnD revenge
Small victory but I'll take it
Bully damages my property, gets suspended.
Revenge against camp bullies
Messing up your TikTok train musical
A tale of revenge served warm and nutty.
Beating a prick at their own game
Public holiday shifts
Grandma Ground me for no reason I make her late
You have a new product, but we can't carry it?
Revenge on the Police for Botched SWAT raid on my home
[OC Repost from r/ProRevenge] I can do anything I want on my last day, so I did!
Supposed "friend" bullies me for ten years. I ruin her family vacation as a result.
Abuse my google assistant? enjoy all your favorite commands being replaced by All Star.
A father's day tale of breakfast and pizza
dont go to stop 13th on salamina,greece
MY best friend f*cked my girlfriend
I acciddentaly stole the kid that hated me's homework
Dog poop
Sous chef liked salt-spiking co-workers drinks and I turned the tables on him
Be an ahole? Pay the price
Facebook group "i dream of being this petty" has been zucked. Were you there?
Call my boss and get me in trouble after a simple request? Ditto.
Free chocolates? Dont mind if I do!!!
4 years down the drain
Pick on me, and other kids for years? Have fun getting humiliated.
Not my fault your a lazy Bitch!!!!
Dick Costumers
Fell asleep on the couch? Fine, sleep there for the night.
Got really angry on someone else's behalf and took action.
Fuck with my full load of laundry? D*ck.
short story............. jerk causes small loss to himself
Girl try’s to ruin my reputation let’s see about that.
I push carts for a major retail chain and I'm so sick of assholes dumping their garbage in carts for us to deal with.
I Was A Petty 7th Grader
Co-worker taking my drinks from the fridge
I ask nicely for 7 years
Finally caught a customer dumping something on the shelf
Think you can throw me under the bus to win uno? Think again.
Make fun of a disability? Have fun getting yelled at.
Chicken Dinner
Guy who lives on our street continuously drives recklessly and cuts us off. We got him towed.
Treat me like my boss' secretary? Let's see how that goes for you.
Making profit
Threaten me with an F? I'll sell your CoD
Yell at me over the phone? No Fortnite for you.
I need a little neighbour revenge to get me through the day
I be math dude she be dumb.
Treat me like my boss' secretary? Let's see how that goes for you.
Getting kicked out? Leave a little surprise
Petty revenge on the entitled girl in my class
Screwed over some guys on GTA
Noisy Pizza Delivery Guy
2 girls, 1 cup...of bleach
Spam me with medical misinformation on Facebook. Lol nope.
Step on my foot I get u grounded
I've actually come here for idea
Karen Gets Muddy Revenge
Want to join "Ups &amp; Downs"? A Discord community accepting of all users (4500+)! We offer discussion from a range of topics including mental health, life and recovering from addiction, as well as active voice chats.
Fucked over some guys on GTA
Errrr, Yeah, Been trying to get hold of you for a while.
I don’t know if this counts but my 16th birthday was August 19th and because I’m not my moms favorite (her favorites are the girls) and on Friday I got off of work to spend the night at my grandparents and I found out something that made me mad.
My mom got married without telling me, cue 8 year old me seeking revenge.
The cake
Little sister wants to be a bitch because she can't handle Family standard roasts.Lie and make fun of me, Lose your Wallet!
Mess up my Minecraft world say goodbye to all of your worlds
The cake
My girlfriend wouldn’t pick up her calls so I made sure she and her friend were late to their next class.
Don t mess with two little girls and their dream to become Pokemon trainers
Rude anonymous note
Dont mess with my family
My Teacher gets back at librarian in the most petty way
Obsessed with your hair, but dont buy your own shampoo?
Assholes in the bus? Let´s "forget" then next stop!
Angry customer won't take no for an answer, I redirect his call to a gay matchmaking service instead
Any Hilarious Newsletters I can Sign up my Friend too?
Bullying my cousin? Stolen your candy
Scam Call center Scammed
Coworkers think it's a good idea to tease me while i'm still at work near their desks
Can he do that? He can't do that. Can he?
Let me introduce you to my religion, its called "Linus Tech Tips"
Petty Revenge on my Spanish Teacher
UPDATE: Lazy brother leaves kitchen a mess for a week, I trick him into cleaning it.
Spam this number 9173186817
Teacher moved my seat, so I made a plan.
Tell me to fuck off and leave me paying for transport? Enjoy downloading 30GBs over the school's crappy wifi!
You bully my brother? Then lose your reputation.
I sent my Ex-Godmother, my deceased mom's dentures.
Reddit, can we please stop using the name "Karen" to refer to people we don't like? Imagine if you or a loved one were named Karen, and how this negative connotation would make you feel
I'm proud of this one
Steal my PS4 account, have fun playing your games
I feel like it was a little to petty
Nearly run me over in your fancy car? get the middle finger and a dent
Use my dryer time, get surprise laundry additive.
"Clean your already clean room!" Backfires big time!
You seriously couldn't even water my plants
Met a very disabled vet, Karen didn't like his volume, I made her pay.
nearly run me over in the crosswalk? Get the finger and a dent in your nice car
I took back what was rightfully mine.
"I'm not blind!!!"
I can't cheat with you? Enjoy your grades
I can't cheat with you? Enjoy your lower grades
Spill soda on my seat? Enjoy the game.
Free drinks
A phone for a phone
Going to be racist on the phone? Yeah, no wine for you.
A Tale of Tailgating
Ive spent over a year getting back at the rudest person Ive ever had to deal with
Beer Thieves Discouraged
Beer theft prevention
Asking for ideas for SPAM emails
Use This For Your Dandelion Wine!
Illegally cut students' skirts because they're not according to your size? Well, enjoy unemployment
Cousin (who is really a distant relative) is rude to me mom who is sick so I passive-aggressively annoy her.
Wanna make me embarassed by exploiting my shyness? Enjoy EVERYONE thinking we're a couple.
A Cat Named Steve
I Doxed a Narcissist, Got Attacked by Another Narcissist and then Laughed At Her Divorce
No more Fortnite, i’m soo sorry.
Leave the kitchen a mess and don't let me cook for week? Enjoy trying to meet an imaginary deadline
I Think You Should Leave...
yeah, it's all about the timing and it felt so good
Debt collector wouldn't stop calling me, so I signed them up for every credit repair company I could find.
Dogs day petty revenge
Don't want to clean the kitchen for a week? Have fun trying to get it done at the last minute
Library Fine
Entitled dad on the trail gets shitty
Suspension means I take the "Manual"
I'm a solicitor
Security guy gets owned pt2
Security guy gets owned pt1
Jobs worth security guy owned.
Getting revenge for my sister.
Discovered Karma doing its ✨magic✨ upon discovering my ex’s Reddit account
I got sweet revenge on my brother after 4 years of waiting.
Losing a $1,000 bet sucks
Divorce pending: all horses must go!
Got revenge on my "friend"
Donation of Guilt Money
You mess with my car, I mess with your computer
DoorDash Class Action Lawsuit: Over $1 Billion of Your Tips Gone!
Bully me and I'll bull your mom. (true but not mine)
Why you don't kick my friend in the leg
Player targets me and trash-talks me, so I give him a taste of his own
Asswipes with no Asswipes
Petty teacher tried to make me fail
Stealing my skateboard was a bad idea.
The bank did him dirty so he did the bank dirty.
Give me a Bra? I’ll Give you Nothing.
Do you really need that shirt ?
I hope you like tomato sauce.
My parents call me lazy
Act like a dick and everyone now knows what yours looks like.
Cheating Husband
Tell me I can't get into the club without heels on?
Getting a co-worker to humiliate himself
Impatience never pays off
Piss me off? Be self entitled? Think your my customer and not a client? Alright then!
Hay making time
Try to Shove Past Me? I'll Trip You
My friend, the asshole. Or, "Closing a Bakery over $1.25"
I Gave My Aunt A Chia Pet
Told my high school bully exactly what I thought about her. She has been angry ever since.
How to win at ghosting a chronic ghoster...
Bully me for 5 years, have fun getting suspendedMy coworker beat me up for my comments about her face
Crabby Bedtime
Teens Mock Me and My Brother’s English In Italian
If you tell your mom, I'll ...!
Triumph over the neighborhood Karen
The pianist
My husbands cheating on me
Exposed my sister's bitchiness
Jerk Kid at Park Bullies My Brother
How the class' jerk lost his pride
Wont let me play minecraft because your game is lagging? Ok, enjoy getting hit by mom!
Making my ex refund my half of her IUD (birth control)
Douchebag neighbor
Best Served Cold
I never take bullshit in school
I took so much of your sh*%$ you can take some of mine...literally 💩😂
Wake me up. Well enjoy waking up at midnight
Popeye's kill them with kindness (petty) revenge
Turn your kind offer into a bill? Well two can play at that game
Terrorize my teammates? Let's see how you like it.
Mean Girl Ruins My Reputation, So I Ruin Her Friendships
Making my employee work on his wedding day because he fails to plan.
Friend's petty revenges on abusive ex
We're moving too slowly? No worries, the other customers and I will fast track it!
You told me i wasnt smart enough for my goal. Well get called out in fron of the entire school
Steal my charger? I’ll just take yours.
Be Careful of What Granny Overhears...
Double Revenge - Pitting the Irresistible Force Against the Immovable Object
Steal important things from me? what goes around comes around!
Shoulda gave me that position
Dealership application asks job candidates to come in person and ask for 2 different people, to receive the “Next step”. I arrive, and I’m told “appointments only!”
revenge on dog breeder
Want to give me bad service and be unprofessional...enjoy the smell of urine.
Call my boss and lie? Let me call yours tolet them know.
Mildly embarrassed school “bully”
He raised a stink and so did we.
cause drama in our group? get kicked out.
If you're gonna steal from me, don't give me your number.
Airplane revenge. Petty style.
Mr. Fluffermuffin's petty revenge
Ghosting musician (who screwed me)
Airplane petty revenge x2
attack the goatherd? Okay, then.
Don't want to listen to me? Enjoy not getting any work done today.
Clueless person was following me with high beams on on the highway.
Kicked out of first class bus seats in Brazil
A woman hit my car today with her door
Park badly and leave it for a week get blocked in
Douche in the office upstairs keeps clogging the toilet
Take my space? I'll make you slightly later than expected
Rude woman doesn't allow an ill lady to sit in the train... regrets it just moments later
A girl at the pool steals my goggles and gets what she deserves
you call me trash,ill whoop your ass
Revenge on a bully
Late to work? Let me help you.
Karmas a asshole
My music's too loud for you? Try silence.
A little email ”error” keeps on giving
Accidental Revenge
Petty revenge by mosquito.
Something surreal happened in the world of customer service last week.
Teachers Lock Projector Remotes in Desks, I Find a Way In
oops in chat for my cousin
Making me work off the clock? Enjoy your dicking.
I'll just fill every single one of your work days with mild annoyances.
The drive thru
A mom tried to get a free burger by saying it’s his sons birthday so I filled her entire car with burgers
You Ruin My Flight, I'll Ruin Yours
Trying to be fair
Operation Curbstomp
A
Call the police and say I beat and raped you? I will ruin your life without trying.
Call the police and say I beat and raped you? I will ruin your life without even trying.
Classmate deletes Discord channels, so I delete him
Lie to the police and say I raped and beat you? I will ruin your life without trying (xpost also on prorevenge)
Broken Eggs.
Brag about karma and be entitled? Enjoy less karma
Worst human in the world finds out how we all feel
Kid constantly annoys me and after retaliation becomes my friend
DON't thank me, I'll buy something you don't like
Little Brother Keeps Drinking My Juice... He Gets a Sour Taste of Revenge
I cut off my sister's barbie's fingers
Angry Kyle on the road
Try to get me to be the "other guy" enjoy all of the spam!
Accidentally connected to an obnoxious guy Bluetooth speakers? Here's a chance when I see one
Complain about my dog and ban everyone with a pet of using the elevator?, hope those governments/taxes papers were not late.
Lie to me? Enjoy getting your time wasted.
McPayback
hilarious you deleted your reddit account cause i trolled you so hard. so pathetic
HR doesn't like my curly/thick hair? I'mma dye it purple because there's nothing in the rules to say I can't.
Terrible Hangover? Nope, Sorry; I Have No Idea Where the Tylenol Is.
Silent Revenge
attention seeking "friend" gets what she deserves
Shouting Out in Class
Attempt to steal my food ingredients? Watch your food burn before you eyes...
Did she close the gate?
Guy hired less than 5 minutes ago throws out my coffee and complains he doesn't like it.
Loud townhouse neighbors get a dose of their own medicine
Have fun with a puzzle you can never finish...
This email address stole my credit cardBeing a d-bag at band camp will cost you
My class bully
Want to be a dick driver? I've got nowhere better to be...
Samsung lied that my phone had water damage. How can I sway Samsung to repair or replace my phone for free?
My Incest Friend
Can you change your alarm? (Petty wholesome revenge)
My teacher's payback
Park too close and leave your windows down at your peril
A company overstepped their boundaries into my privacy
Driver behind me honks repeatedly and unnecessarily
Glitter bombs are always the answer
Racist Indian colleague
Ripped my stitches just to make sure I didn't loose a challenge
You sad your Pom Pom hat broke here I will give you a new one. OOPS!
Mijn piemel is homo
That ain't chocolate ...
Good luck solving the unsolvable Rubik's cube
High school boss and her daughter 16 years later
Drink all of the Coke and leave it on the fridge? Two can play.
My ex got me kicked out of school
Worlds Worst Tenant
Racist old twins
Won't invite me to your frat party? Fine, I'll start talking about your foot fetish.
Sit in my seat at a baseball game? Fine you get to move every time I want up
Don’t mess with my Bliss
I hardly get enough revenge on my terrible Dad
Jerk customer shocks himself
Dog beater owns a shit restaurant
Student gets punished without evidence by dean; dean’s job is threatened by father
Don't annoy the man who is MOTing your car...
Honk at me as soon as the light turns green? I'll be kind to others instead.
Harass me and my bud while we are streaming? Hope you like your ban.
A prank for a prank
Lady yells at me for parking "too close" instead of asking me to move nicely. I waste her time by going to take a dump
Mean kid thinks that people have give him what he wants
Revenge that came unexpected after rude manager wouldn't let me reschedule for an interview.
He’s about to be blown away. Or not. [medium/long, tldr down]
Solid Color Elastic Sofa Cover – Click2uplift
Stealing my parking spot....fine ill make sure you go to jail.
Old Car vs New Car
My classmate is an idiot
Don't be rude to the help.
Sister puked on toilet, refused to clean it
"Why do I get all the annoying customers?!"
How to stop your co-worker from cruising for hookers.
Contractor gets called stupid by an engineer, checks if engineer busness name is registered. Buys the enigeers buisness name... then escilates
Cut in front of the entire line of a roller coaster?
Trash your landlord get screwed
You're being a bitch? Try this tasty snack...
Want to miss your flight? Let me help you out
Caught my fiance cheating- Filled his pockets with Dog Shit.
entitled kid steals my hot lunch so i burn his feet with boiling tea
Walk in front of my camera during my workout?
Revenge on bullies
Insult me for doing a favor?
Dave &amp; Busters pettiness
Made my father pay thrice the amount of the power bill.
Entitled guy drives straight through the turn lane.
Sexually harassing my best friend's friend? Have fun learning in a preschool of hell!
Petty revenge on my boss.
Want to use me to buy you alcohol for a party you don’t want me at? I ain’t getting you shit mate
Stepbrother squirted dish soap in my eye
Handicap parking revenge
You like being a prick? Here's a cactus!
Roaches aren’t a problem, huh?
Drive 5 inches behind me while I'm going 5 over? I'll go 15 instead
Won’t fix our sink? We won’t pay you rent
Don’t tell me what I can and can’t do with my own body.
How I fatten up the mean boss
I was shamed for putting on weight. It was a long time coming, but I found a fitting revenge.
Drive through revenge
Wasted a rude lady’s lunch break
Cancelled return flights for free airplane tickets
Spent inheritance on booze
How I fatten up the spoiled boss
My son decided to act out so I shaved his hair off all the way down to the scalp and rubbed balding gel on his head afterwards
A ticket-switcher catches themselves red-handed
Owner threatens lawyer so I shut his business down.
I tore the bully's clothes every time until he stopped bullying me
How I Wasted A Woman's 50$
Guy who rips me off on craigslist ends up paying
Keep swiping my drinks and you may end up drinking something else
Free cupboard
Someone scammed me so I scammed him way harder
Good luck getting out of there
Stop parking here!
Being annoying every day? Good luck with being friends again.
My son decided it would be ok to make fun of Cancer patients. I had enough so I shaved his hair off and rubbed balding gel on his head.
My son thought it was ok to make fun of Cancer patients, so I shaved his hair off
Won't put away the socks?
I accused my abusive ex of rape
If it's not here by 5, I'm not paying for it!
Roommate immediately regrets using my loofah
Lazy Co-worker gets Embarrassed at Termination
Roommate
Want to threaten my job? i’ll make yours harder.
Kid who swears at me gets the boot from my minecraft server, and I never see him again...?
I threw a girl's sandal into the bushes
How to make a enemy fail a class
My pissy ex-roommateChildish relative
Fuck him. He cheated on me. Go blow his phone up for me 💕
My brother wouldn't let me sleep
Double the Wait Time
First Post: Barista Tries to charge me 12500 instead of 125
The story of the one missing shoe.
You do 1, I do 2
The whole family got what they deserved.. maybe even a bit more.
Throwback to College- I Had the Pettiest, Most Wonderful Friends
I was so fed up with the restaurant industry that I made a Fiverr acct selling revenge Yelp reviews
Isn’t it ironic?
To the selfish man on the plane
I said please, lady - please
CLEAR water bottles aren't allowed
Cut in front of me in the lunch line? Okay.
Bully gets a date with my sister and really gets the dump.
Roommate kept me up all night; I took the toilet paper
Don’t want a bonus for referring me? Fine, I’ll give it to someone who already gets paid more that’s you
Instant Revenge
Got an annoying couple kicked out of theater last night
You cheat on me
Birds and reptile books together = angry boss
My grass looks better (short)
15 y/o incel thinks that girls can’t like sports and says the n word while being as white as pigeon shit
15y/o incel thinks girls can’t like sports and uses the n word while being as while as pigeon shit
My neighbours are full of shit (pun intended)
Revenge on School Bullies
I helped make certain she got kicked out of nursing school
You party, we play
Apparently reptile books and bird books next to each other is a cardinal sin...
Guy steals my favorite pencil. I'll take it back, and take something of yours
I give you the Rooster next door
We come as a group, we go as a group...
Tell me to stop singing? I'll sing louder and get others to sing too!
Help me get some petty revenge on a shit person who doxxes others online and encourages others to send hate mail?
Toilet paper
Cell phone provider forces me to send them an absurdly small check, my pettiness isn't having it.
Destroying a paper for a bully.
I scammed a thief, I think
Steal my college fund? I hope you enjoy losing contact with your oldest son and ruining your own life!
Daughter of CW3 gets revenge on Army Base worker
Be racist, rude, hypocritical and I'll embarass you in front of the whole class
Don't record your Godmother being weird!
Train conductor thinks he's an expert on my age and also banks
Trashy cousins tey to trash me to family so I'm mailing them some trash of my own
The stupid car revenge
You can't even spell your own name!
How do I get Revenge?
my brother hid the white cheddar cheetos..
EC breaks my cheap keyboard. I take his experience keyboard away .
How I got back at an annoying classmate and got him to shut up
Want to Park in a Handicap Spot with No Placard or Plates? OK… Enjoy Your Gift!
Get mad at me for not giving enough ice cream so you get way more than you bargained for
Childhood Christmas Revenge!!!
Revenge
Not paying my roommates a penny towards utilities and internet.
Lie about me calling you a slut. I'll shame you in front of the whole class
How to get revenge on someone with phone
Help me get some petty revenge?
I have a great memory.
B**** ruins a nice day at the pool
someone from r/askreddit told me this story may belong here, from the looks of it he's probably right
this∞ End Game - While see this_∞ then do if {if do then doom}
So, wait, are you hiring or not?
Manager try to drive off the CEO by firing his secretary, and succeed. she gets the happy end.
sticky situation
Revenge on grade school Bully 15 years later
Petty Purchases to remind Ex
Brother keeps stealing my chair
When pettiness bites back
REQUEST: Drunken house mate repeatedly devouring all my food
EK bullies everyone i put him in his place
Tiny but perfect revenge
Lady on your bus keeps shushing everyone, gets exactly what she didn't want.
Block the parking garage exit? I'll give you a taste of your own medicine.
Don't abuse the generosity of others.
dabloons
I got his account deleted
Brother is a classic "one-upper" but ends up losing in his own game.
Starbucks snitch
Throw my Fiancé in a pool at the club, get pantsed
My "friend" left me on read,
Two boys, a Cardboard Samurai, a Paper Katana, and a Bonfire.
You Want to be an Impatient Asshole? Ok!
Instant karma for running a red light
Trash Dodger must confront her fears
Be a dick do the people making your pizza? Get a nice surprise in it.
Some gta payback.
Its my locker B*TCH
Threaten me to get banned? Get removed from Team Staff and get me a promotion
That Time I Got Back at a Petty Ex-Friend
Withhold a deposit despite fair notice? Lose two months of rent.
My brother keeps leaving his stuff in my room
Revenge on my English Teacher
Never Steal My Candy Again
Origin Story
Lady called me a exorcist so I did this.
entitled dad threatened to whoop my ass when I was 12.
Gym Meathead
Fire!Some 15 year old at my work stole my vape so I mixed some vinegar into the juice.
Loud neighbors; revenge via intercom
Dont know what title should be.
Friend gets kicked out for trying to ruin my birthday
How I took the high road against a em
You're going to keep me up all night screaming? K
I spiked Coke with laxatives and peed in my roommate's shampoo.
Entitled mom destroyed by bad carnival Hotdog planning
Video chat and watch Netflix in the middle of the night? No phone charging for you!
Condescendingly repeat your order multiple times in a row and then get annoyed when I don’t get it right the first time? Enjoy your goobly chicken.
Walking Watermellon with a short fuze
Auto “mechanic” shop kept messing my car up when I brought it in, so I got a job there.
EK and EP went to my house and demand that I give the brat my Yugioh Deck
Tailgate me on the highway? You ain’t getting past shit
Auto shop kept messing my car up every time I took it in, so I applied to work there.
Mom complans as if she's better than me but i got the perfect reverse uno card
Blow weed smoke at me through the drive thru window? Enjoy some change!
Car tire goes missing
I can be JUST AS LOUD as your party of 12
A blatant stupid jerk gets a nasty taste of reality.
Brother kept using my console so I did something to it
Be a jerk because it's your daughter's birthday? Well...
My Cousin Nancy
D*ck steals things from everyone in my troop. We give him a good scare.
How can i get back at someone who steals my style?
A crazy neighbor stole my fish so I pooped on their porch... Yeah.
Rude neighbors stealing my trash cans?
Not gonna give me back my souvenir? Get humiliated!
You threat me with a ban? Uno Reverse
How can I get him back with his phone number
Neighbors have loud music? Good thing I non-ironically love Rick Astley.
You beat me senseless in boarding school? I’ll let you have no internet access and overcharge you!
Messing with the wifi
Petty Karma Revenge maybe, I robbed him of his drama
Molested my Co worker? How about you never being able to taste anything ever again.
How can I convince my ISP to unlock my account, without requiring me to verify identity at Canada Post?
My most savage one-liner comeback. May have overdone it. (Reposted since it was removed.)
Freshmen are petty
A mother who knows her daughters well
Mum’s always know best.
Wanna spend our anniversary day with a girl you just met online? Sure,I'll spend our day with a hot ass motorcyclist.
You just stole Ice Cream from A Kid!
Use a changing cubicle instead of a locker? Prepare to be disappointed by your not so dry clothes
Owe me $ and act like a dick? Enjoy a bunch of people showing up for a garage sale.
Try and drink and drive now, jerk!
Don’t clean my chalet? enjoy the smell of blue cheese
I checked books out to a lower classmans account after graduating out of spite.
Stick your dog on my sister? RIP your lawn
Drive-thru Revenge
I quit! Well not yet...
Petty Revenge against my 8th grade gym teacher!!!
Steal my 20 dollars when I need it most? Screw up your daughters time to shine
Waitress Uses Mean Girl's Discount to Buy Expensive Pens
Hack me? Let me render your phone USELESS!
Snapchat 25(m4f) I can send my bbc video to anyone you want.
Snap at me when I’m trying to be nice? Ok.
Cheat, lie, use me, abuse me, kick me out? Get ruined.
Teacher gets insulting end of year gift after hating on a low developed child
I got petty revenge on a woman that rammed my shopping cart &amp; gave me a dirty look.
My most savage one-liner comeback. May have overdone it.
I do the things as the rules say to piss off my boss
Fortnite elitists annoy me throughout 7th grade so I annoy them in the worst way possible
Guy thinks we'll go 30 minutes out of town and pick things up for free
Take six MONTHS+ to complete a project that is only supposed to take nine weeks MAX? Here is the check.
Artistic ex friend tried to bully me out of my own DnD campaign, wasn't having that
Need Help With Petty Revenge !
Revenge Against an Abusive Uncle
Talk smack about my wife? Have some low karma.
Don't want to pay me what was promised in your ad? Have fun getting robbed of all your money!
Abuse me, use me, cheat, lie, and kick me out? Get ruined.
Asshole breaks his own cars window and pays €400!
Asshole breakers his car window and pays €400 for getting his car towed
Tough Love
Refuse to show your membership card? Let me check your receipt.... Thoroughly....
How I Got My Spanish Teacher Fired
In the end, I was the "Giant" to never be picked on.
Shoe swapping done right.
Not today Satan
Take mine? I'll take yours too.
Be rude to me and I'll change your phone to English
Sue my aunt? Enjoy your non-existent domain name
Screw your cups
Impatient with me ordering my food? Fine, I'll pay for it.
Petty McDonald’s revenge
Hit me with a popcorn bag? Enjoy watching me eat it in front of you.
Entitled Teacher bullys kids, decides to mess with me, get's a hand full of bitching.
Karen asked to change the music at our Sushi restaurant to something more fitting.
Keep covering my eyes or try to distract me while I kill a in-game boss? Get ready to suffer.
Won’t sell me and my friends alcohol? Fine. Be a huge dick to us? We’re going full Karen.
I'm gonna make you talk to everyone!
Petty fart in a kid's face
A Ton of Revenge
Messing with my big Brother
Being a Smug Douche? Good Luck Finding Books for Class!
Girl is a bitch so I take her food off the order at the checkout
Entitled Person Falls In Fountain Because Of Me.
Shoot me and I'll shoot back- the revenge of a bruised little girl.
I hate those goddamn electric scooters
Petty but Satisfying
Laxatives help.Asshole lady
Was it wrong of me to "ditch" him?
I ain’t your maid.
Train Maniac
Hello, I have a few questions on some petty and somewhat revengful thoughts
Neighbour has no foresight
Let’s dine &amp; dash but forget we’re wearing team jackets
Ex fiancé cheats on me with my boss so I dump her at our wedding
Take the car when I have to go to work? Guess you have no gas later
I messed up my parents' nightstand, now it is my nightstand
Minor Victory Over Former Job
Should I make him get my name tatted?
I can be rude too!
Don't be a jerk
Brother vs. Brother: University Edition
I TOLD YOU to take me off your mailing list!
My pharmacy has been mishandling my mother's chemotherapy pills for 4 months.
Sucky Disney World People
Getting a guy to incur my mother's wrath
Always take note of who's sitting behind you &gt;:)
From V4 to V8
Make fun of my cousin? Have fun with a sleeping shower
Tipping a poor-service, sob-story waitress.
I hated kids night
I ruined half their concert experience
Parking nazi revenge
You want to abuse a loophole on your computer restrictions? Let's test my IT skills.
Ex tried to make the breakup unnecessarily hard on me so I ruined his favorite music
Don't Argue. I called it.
I Think I'm Scared of the Rotary Today
u/omegaweapon successfully trolls a small town of racist rednecks after installing a cell phone tower
My family gets revenge on a restaurant after they chase me away for having outside food.
This pervert of a kid that was in my cousin’s class
My highschool sweetheart left me and I crushed his Xmas present dreams.
How i got back at racist rednecks in a rural town i was installing a cell tower in.
That time I bricked my ASSistant Principal's printer...
i accidentily dented someones car
Revenge against camp bullies
Person gets salty in a game called Eclipsis on Roblox, and I break their priority beacon twice, which causes them to break.
If you mess with my laundry, I'll mess with yours
MY FRIEND USED ME
Clean The F*cking Stove
A night of hardbass
Shitty revenge on my thieving roommate via my clever dog
Witness my incredibly petty revenge on Reddit itself!
Petty elevator revenge
sweet but petty revenge on bully
You mess with my friend you mess with me
How not to win cash and prizes
""Be a good neighbour"" says the harassing note
Snarky Memo = Snarky Parker
Move out with a four day notice and not even pay me the half months rent in full? Good luck watching your TV without the remote.
I accidentally posted my last one too early, so a pretty sh*tty situation but edited.
My abusive ex asked for her book that I had borrowed back.
FWB (F 22) Petty Revenge
you force me to eat food i don't wont well your cleaning the mess
Hurry up and wait.
Waxing the floor
My ex-boyfriend took one of each of my shoes
the racist old man
A Pretty Sh*tty Situation
Fun at the Airport
Wheelie bin revenge ideas
Fake ass friend
Eat my treat? I kick your ass!
I always get even
For Everyone Who Has Been Cheated On
Steal my mentos? Enjoy your soggy Pringles.
To all the good guys/gals of Reddit whose kindness is always taken advantage of, this one's for you :)
Neighbors steal my insect rearing sleeve and suffer karma
Keep your kids in line
Ride operator with no regards for safety gets what he deserves
Cat Poops
So you think you can dance?
I ruined a teachers reputation because he stalked my sister 10 years earlier.
PROFESSIONAL HACKER FOR HIRE
Mistreat my brothers PS2? Lemme mess with your head
Guy tries scamming me , made him deaf
Your dogs bark all day and night? I call police all day and night
Punch me in the face and complain about getting detention? How bout I make your 100 followers (or whatever) hate you!
Pokémon Card Revenge
Dickhead teacher tried stepping to me
Stupid Idiot thought he could mess with me, HE THOUGHT WRONG.
yell at me when i ask you to stop calling my store? ok...
This EK has no soul
My Dad's Bully Gave him a BB Gun
You're Gonna Break My Jaw? Nahhhhh, I'm Just Gonna Break Your Balls Like They've Never Been Broken Before
Security Guard Petty Revenge
Dad eats my icecream all the time, finally had enough.
Shitty chef gets his
It was worth it
I have taken time out of my day to make my highschool bullies day shittier.
Thieves get stolen items re stolen.
Yell at me on my voice mail...here’s your new greeting.
Don’t like my lawn. Fine there’s no lawn.
I got accused of what??
Too lazy to put the OJ back on the right shelf? Good luck finding it.
Turned His Boss Gay
Ex-boyfriend threw a fit and ignored me- until he was forced to talk.
Townhouse complex bin naziI was just annoyed
Bully me? Enjoy the dead wife reminders
GF dumped me after booking a trip for her birthday. Cheers to petty revenge!
Newspaper telemarketer gets telemarketed
pettyrevenge question mark
I got DOX’d by an eBay seller
Pretty revenge on my brother
I WANT MAH CANDY BAR!!!
Baseball with the big kids. They had to get me out
Made me loose a test? Ill let you loose yours
Relative and co-workers get back at one cheapskate co-worker
Not mine, but I'm proud of this kid though.
Bubble Fun
Petty revenge begets petty revenge
Calling me names and being rude? Enjoy 3+ days of no internet.
I destroyed my HS bully and he never bothered me again
My manager harrassed me so I made sure she learned her lesson.
My friends trashed my house and recorded it so I showed the video to their parents
Mean Teacher Karma ^^
This guy charged back my friends business and now he is down 1k due to shitty support from paypal
Cut in line at the airport? Your flight’s going to suck.
Dad took my money so i decided to be petty
YOU MAKE MY FRIEND CRY AND QUIT. SAY GOODBYE TO YOUR RESTAURANT AND MONEY
I Found My Psychopathic Flatmate on Tinder
Getting DDosed on ps4
Tinder date stood me up
Need help getting much needed revenge
NSFW- puppy sale scammer
Got her photos and her boyfriend's phone
Kitchen Tools Are Accidentally Swapped
Harass my family with false noise complaints? Joke's on you.
I Ruined My Awful Roommate’s Boyband Posters While Moving Out
Fire me over a sandwich... Ok then.
How to get revenge on someone who keeps parking in parking space or keep them from doing it?
Bad neighbor
A bit disgusting, but still revenge...
Revenge in a different country
Take my mom's parking spot? Ok we will wait for it
And that's how you raise a 'Nice Guy'
Story number 2 from your your neighborhood bear: Oh no you don"t
A constant reminder that she's not a Good Person™
You need those keys to drive your boat?
No apoligies? No laptop then!
Be cheap about a 5 cent cup, have fun opening.
taking revenge on my brother
The Saga of the Roommate
You trip me, I’ll trip you.
Dress Up
Bring in bed bugs? I'll tell the RA your habits.
I have a confession...
Do you know how much that’s worth?
Sibling revenge 101
Petty, yet satisfying
i caught my teacher masturbating
Friend leaves after we wait 2 hours for him
Want it even more clean? Sure thing boss
What are some good insults I can throw at my friends ex shitty boss?
Copy me and you will get a bad grade
Say it with flowers
Leave trolleys in my street? I'll tie them together in your driveway.
Airbnb host tries to charge me an extra $250. I took $550 from him.
Want it even more clean? Sure thing boss
“Accidentally” spilled red wine on entitled step mom who wore white wedding dress to sisters wedding
I may or may not be responsible for this
Broke the internet so I can sleep
I've had it with the neighbors and wish I could sell my home!
wanna steal my money, nomore internet.
Old Fool Messes With Wrong Bartender
Black Ops 2 Revenge
teacher caught masturbating
"I have an A-, so let me steal you art."
Some asshat from another country used my email account to order food. That's going to cost you...
I caught my old gym teacher masterbating in his office. (in a very round about way)
how i got my dad in hot water with my mum
My pettiest revenge
Dealing with the psycho, Starla
He drove over 1.5 miles to dump his trash in my trash can.
You broke the entire internet again, mum!
The title would spoil it
Shitty roommate
Asshole gets his goose
Steal my hockey stick, enjoy your power wheels car flipped over!
Should share less on your list
Very petty revenge
Minecraft jerk doesnt relize i can build
Petty? Revenge on bad school
my brother decided it would be funny to steal my snack again so I let him have it, but..
Just another day...
Writing this out made me realise I should probably seek out counselling for unresolved issues
Stand us up? I’ll do the same to you.
Guy was harassing me so I told his mom.
Steal my sustenance? Consume my bi-product.
Sweet Revenge
Guy kept harassing me so I told his mom.
Never tease a dog on the end of a rope.
Guy was harassing me so I told his mom. (UPDATE FROM AITA: WIBTA if I sent screenshots to the mother of a guy that’s been harassing me?)
Always watch your six
The best revenge on the worst landlord
Dolphin Emojis are Flipping Awesome
how I got revenge as a wrestlerOh, want to be a brat? Well, get called out and pay $5.
My pettiness accidentally leads to kid getting expelled
Cheating girlfriend gets what she deserves!
Filling the call list of a transport company
This asshat didn't give me my money, so I called his mom
Not want to pay our work? OK, but than you will not get the results on time.
Professional Hacker For Hire!
Don't Call Me Brutus
Childhood friend with a superiority complex freaks when I "steal" her crush
[NSFW] If I'm not cumming, neither are you.
Break my heart me and my bro will break yours
Revenge of the Silken ladder
Revenge of the silken ladder
Put a password on the computer just to piss off my younger brother.
Big muffler, little dick, big...
School project revenge
Grandma Wars
Story number 1 from your your neighborhood bear: wanna be a d**k well enjoy a scary moment
Tailgate me? Okay but I can see what’s coming, you can’t!
Tailgate me? Red light for you, not me.
Almost hit my car I'll make it hard for you to get out of your csr
Guy I ran a Minecraft server with highjacked the server and screwed me out of over £1000, so I destroyed it all
Thank you second grade
Kid slaps people with book, it goes missing for half a year
My Biological Father is Throwing a Temper Tantrum Because I ate his Chicken Nuggets.
Ever go to enact revenge but then
On the first day of august my neighbor gave to me: tennis balls in a dryer machine
Ex blows up over a video game, so I steal his stuff in Minecraft.
A Can of Revenge
Revenge on my drug dealing ex.
Blackmail me into flashing? I will ruin your reputation.
Bully Gets Karma In Church
Guy keeps bothering me enjoy your pool tube again... and again...
Oh you want to play games? I got plenty of games.
Beat me up. Ok hope you won’t miss your friends.
True Sabotage is in the Mind
This one has been over a year in the making and ends today.
Drive like an idiot, enjoy the red light.
Accuses fellow colleague of racism, later gets fired for theft.
Want to rush into the changing room? Enjoy waiting extra long if u don't want to get gassed.
Drive like an idiot, enjoy the
Shouldn't have been smoking away your work shift
My girlfirnds liveing says no to bird hmm ok?
My boss stole my laptop
Kid tries to kick us gets hurt
Waste my time, I'll waste yours.
Helping clean the world!
You promised it, you deliver it!
Teacher takes my phone I bring another one the next day
so you want to give me stupid questions fine
Making entitled kids stop with baby
Getting revenge with paint
Mess with my playlist and I’ll change my password
Petty revenge for a baby grand piano
Eat a burger without me? this is the end of your eating career
Steal my tickets? Well then I’ll steal yours!
I got a police officer ticketed for illegal parking!
Plan my abuse? Your corpse will pay the price
I broke what he wanted most
Punish me for a profile pic, have your bigotry exposed.
Keep taking my knife? We'll see about that.
Everyday I put more and more dead wasps in my dad's work coat
Pizza AIDS
No empathy and conflicting info = me getting petty
Seats befitting your status *sir*
Relative humiliates me for my foul language, i take it right back at him
Don't Have A Cow.
My boyfriend cheated on me so I Naired off his left eyebrow in his sleep.
Scammer changed my bank e-mail - I didn't know...
You don't make me play with your hot wheels? I make them disappear.
Don't give me your hot wheels, I will make you unable to give hot wheels.
Gate crashing boys night
Don't sell drugs on my street
Fire me for a stupid reason? Enjoy watching your career burn
Block the road? We’ll block you in your house.
Angry roleplayer gets what annoys them most
Retail Revenge
An event photographer posted a picture of my shitty ex looking sad and lonely at me while I took a photo with my friends
Why is there a time limit
The downsides of living in a building with one shared washer/dryer
Rutter's manager is a jerk, how to get back at her.
Loud and obnoxious meets foul and obnoxious
call and text this number, she is evil
My sound beats yours!
Get your face out of your phone
Not nice? More ice!
Someone tried scamming me.
Don't test a self-taught artist
Yeah sure fine, I'll spend more time with you.
Sharing school lockers is a terrible idea, morons.
Don't want us to make the nurse's job easier? Enjoy the bed alarm.
Communism Revenge
Me and my freinds spam our high school bully for 3 years of suffering
My friend posted a picture on Facebook in which she looks great and I look horrible and refused to delete it. So I posted another picture in which we both look equally horrible
I filter the MAC addresses of my siblings devices when they make me mad.
Want some thing else??? Okay!
I know you're only six years old, but here's a lesson, kid
Lil poop burns his mouth
Am I the asshole for burning my blanket, ripping it up and locking the door so my landlord can't get in when he has a new tenant in a couple of days?
Bully insults me and recievs b*tch slapSubway chick acted all high and mighty, so my friend made her create the messiest order in her life.
Treat your wife life garbage? She gets excellent service and all the potatoes.
Don't lecture people. EVER.
My sister's bully tell my sister her TikTok password. So every one in a while she deletes one.
Threw our dumpster trash everywhere
Snitched, he's now a bit** in everyones eyes.
Guess I'll just be goth.
Attempted nuclear revenge gets petty in return
Sit on top of your minivan in the front row of a drive in movie, so my family can’t see the screen? You deserve car troubles.
I exposed my friend who acted like a child.
Guy steps in front of me, so I return the favor.
Made a Guy wait to use the restroom at a museum because he was an ass
My girlfriend cheated on me so I’m wasting her time and stealing necessities from her room.
Petty but epic (for me) quit
A supervisor threw my phone and expensive headphones in the trash today
I put bread on the car that blocked me in.
Since the beginning of civilization men have ruled. It is time to Elect More Women. They are caring, social and nonviolent. Great qualities for politicians. More women in political office will be revenge. You decide if it is petty.
Ride Arbys drive thru lady
Try to scam me on OSRS and go to jail
Mean to students? Biological warfare time.
Help please?
My sister wanted to make me get the gate, well, okay, but for myself
Revenge against angry rude driver
I’ve been flinging shit into my neighbors yard for over 3 years now
Apartment touring revenge
Hello petty revenge subreddit there’s a kid I know and he framed me for something i didn’t know so can you guys give me and idea on how to get some sweet petty revenge and if you guys help me plot revenge I will pos about the full story
Don't be annoying
‘Explosive’ revenge on childhood bullies
I won’t rush for you because you’ve decided to park illegally.
Student blames me for his poor performance, now gets to wake up at 5AM to get to lessons
Medical Discrimination? Don't think so.
My dad’s petty revenge
Son pays the price for his father
Treat me like crap on the team I'll destroy it
Entitled Kid cheats off of my test so I decide to make him pay!
Neighbor walks across my yard, so now my dog pees in your yard
Woman being rude and pushy at self-service checkout
Revenge on people who stole our seats and spilt our stuff everywhere
Security vs the homeless
The salt unleashed
So I need some help with a petty revenge on my dad...
Customer being an uncalled for asshole
An app forced me to watch an ad, so I put my phone facedown and glared at it for 30 seconds.
Your scalp is burning? It's ok, I know.
Revenge on a pedophile.
Refuse to give a ride, how about karma do it’s job
Take this dad
The people who bought our house cut down the trees so we fought back in the most petty way possible
Say 70 percent of the bandwith good bye
Oh you slept in? Have fun with your new auto insurance rates!
Fuck with my controller, I eat crumbly biscuits in your bed
Restaurant delivered everything but for some reason will not deliver their burgers
My mother made fun of my anxiety disorder in front of her side of the family
Sexual assault? Have fun getting pushed off a bridge!
Letting the rude neighbors enjoy my remix of Go-Go, Heavy Metal and Polka Music.
The Case of the Giant Jar of Pickles
Don't want to give me a common courtesy? Mutual.
Banned from WiFi
Don’t grade my road, hope you like raccoons and skunks.
Technically, that’s not your property
Revenge on the Prius!!
My husband leaves the wet wipes open
Letting my dog poop in my sister's room.
Bully Me? Tell me to Kill Myself everyday? Hope you miss your game.
i messed with his surround sound without him realizing it
JUST ANSWER ME IN ENGLISH!!!!!
Don’t grade my road, hope you enjoy raccoons and skunks.
Mistreated staff? Enjoy the loss in profits.
That Special Frosting
Don't tell me to cut down on the fruit loops
Bully pushes my buttons for a year he pushes himself into a suspension
The Tiniest of Bloody Victories
Petty Revenge On Idiot Scam Callers That Waste My Time
Shitty person.
Send me hate messages and lower my self esteem? Have fun offline, loser
Since the beginning of civilization men have ruled. It is time to Elect More Women. They are caring, social and nonviolent. Great qualities for politicians. More women in political office will be revenge. You decide if it is petty.
"I've got food for me and the kids."
Ice or no ice in my drink? How about I piss on the walls of your bathroom?
Trying to steal our ideas for the pair project? Can't steal what you can't understand!
Take my birthday money? Have fun being late to work
Want to harass a flight attendant? be ready to get embarrassed
my first girlfriend was my bullies crush
Petty revenche on my brother flatmate
EM thinks she owns my phone and tries to accuse me of assault (X-post from r/entitled parents)
I killed a crappy artist’s dream
I ruin a bunch of kids day
Change of attitude
I am good at math
screw you drama teacher
I ignored my high school bully for 2 whole years and it drove him crazy
You enjoy hitting your students? Karma has your number...
Pool table Revenge
Ruin my year say goodbye to your stuff
I’m sick and tired of my neighbours
Insult me in the comments? Say goodbye to your fics and donations
"I've got food for me and the kids."
A nice breeze it is
Talk about the stranger in front of you at Walmart checkout in a bad way, i'll pay for everything in my cart in coins
Call ten times get your ear drums blown out
I asserted dominance at Taco Bell"I've got food for me and the kids."
Hairy disco yeti didn’t learn the first time.. so time for an intense glitter dick with a side of deep heat.
A**hole tailgating me but he was stupid
Kid got me suspended so 8 got him expelled
A simple petty revenge... Against bullies...
Petty revenge mixed with some malicious compliance 😏
Teacher gets what she deserves
Steal our ball?Enjoy a face full of roses
Want to charge a Foreign Currency fee when I withdraw in my own currency? Ok...
In the end you did it to yourself
Former bullies gets served
tell my to fuck off? i'll just take down a few of your videos while i'm at it
I convinced a girl to fake a pregnancy to piss off a guy
Sweet Karma
Always sit in the walk way,time for you to see how I feel
ex boss
My classmate made fun of me so I beat him in math
Roommates cat poop in my cats box........yeah no
Woman scams Families off their cakes!
Trip me once shame on you, trip me twice FOOD on you
Give your kids a sensible bed time or I'll keep you up all night.
A dick will have a hard time getting home.
Kick me right before final act? Get kicked during final act.
Cool
I told ya if you didn't do something it was going to cost ya
Don’t Drink My Milkshake
neighbour refers to had back ball
Revenge gone wrong
I heard semen was good for your hair and skin...
TL;DR security man annoys me for an entire year and I give him a taste of his own medicine
If you steal, you pay for it
kindergarten revenge
I unblocked my ex just to let him know he owes his friend 600$ and if he doesn't pay by September, he will be taken to court.
Cray cray lady
Suck on that!
I took all of his favorite flavored Jolly Ranchers
Say hello to my little, dirty car
TIRED of NEIGHBORS playing basketball!!!!!
You won't let me work? I won't let YOU work!
Still unfolding
Mother robbed father and fled country
oh, you'll pay, one way or another
The Rat Problem
EM tries to snatch my phone i snatched her phone she got mad
Smoke at your own risk
Hacking scum gets what he deserves
Stole from me...it will cost alooooot more.
Yes, I did get your only income taken from you.
Two birds with one stone
I live in the worst area and own a home..
Someone reported me for venting out bottled emotions
Petty pranks for my roommate
Why are my wife and i's posts being marked [Removed]
A 14 Year Old makes a racist comment on my Ethnicity, so I start a multi-platform social media war on him
Take back your bread
Neighbor parked in my spot so I'm going to be as petty as possible
Threw up in a bag on the bus
I threw up in the hire car.
Ruining someone's music career ?
Hook up shared one bed one bath with “sister”
I used my sisters hairbrush to brush my pubic hair (as revenge)
Posted a lolly into a car window on a hot day
Wanna treat women like crap? Have fun getting tested for an STD.
Middle aged roommate steals freshman's food for an entire semester
All the Pucks I had to give
BC gets mad at me for giving her 30 seconds of work more than another colleague. I mess up her week.
My dad annoys my mom I annoy him.
Petty Dislikes
Made A Female Classmate Spend The Rest Of Class outside the Room.
Light my hair on fire. Wash your backseat out
Cheat at our tournament? Enjoy your ruined Esports career.
The Secret to Revenge
Defend my family's Honor
Fuck your New Years Eve.
Rat Problem? I’ll give you a rat problem.
Someone tried to kick everyone out of a structure in a Playground? Enjoy your bench.
I don't work here? Ok then...
“They’re not going to like that. They’ll think you’re impertinent.” “I *am* impertinent.”
Angering a sleeping giant
I blow up my Minecraft neighbor in Minecraft to see if he went through my things in Minecraft.
I Blow up my neighbors in elaborate TNT trap (Minecraft)
Deflating a bully
i got my sister disowned by my entire family.
Please help me!
My cleanest shutdown of a Microsoft support scammer to date [short]
I'll just call your company
Using your kid to save a spot for an hour and 45 minutes? I'll still take the spot.
neighbor from hell
Do not break your promise
Boss fucked with me and my dad so we made him pay 400€ on purpose
Old lady tried to run me over
Don’t Want Our Money? Well We Don’t Want Yours!
Impatient Neighbor makes my mom cut down trees so Mom buys a cheap fence so thee year old me can run around in the backyard faces the ugly side the fence toward the neighbor
I ruined a mans life with minor incovieneces after he stole my stuff
My sister refused to help me, so I didn't help her
Any stories about getting revenge on cheating partner??
I had my former boss nearly fired over a racist Facebook comment
Give me less hours, i mess with the business a little.
The WiFi and Poo
Drug dealer snitches on me, well i guess hes coming down with me now!You have the privilege of cleaning my white creamy mess, ladies
Probably the nastiest way anyone has gotten back at their EX.
I create profiles and leave bad reviews for a pawn shop that screwed me.
Ask me to help you out after cutting my benefits? Ok!
Spoiled college roommate gets very petty payback
My parents want me to run cross country, but I don't want to
[Parking] Go ahead, don't listen when I ask nicely.
Throwing things in public? This is what happens
Don't be mean to my mom.
The Case of The Missing Liverwurst .. or .. Why you don’t mess with the quiet kid in the corner!
Coworker complains one time that I don't pick up her breakfast for her, so I make sure she knows when I get breakfast for myself.
r/MaliciousCompliance sent me this way with my story.
My friend ate all of my food, so I made sure I added tomatoes.
Crazy Fake Flower Lady Parking Spot War
Litter on the sidewalk? We will return your garbage to your store.
Just an idea (unfortunately)
Passive aggressive response to bad parenting
Want to rush me at work because you're an impatient prick? Have fun waiting Even longer while I take a dump
Not exactly revenge, but very petty
r/MaliciousCompliance suggested my story fits better here.
Constantly going to make me deal with your shit and wait on you? Have fun failing your class.
Stuck-up Client tried to make stay 30 minutes after closing. TRIED!
Racist Russian dealt petty fiery revenge
I cut my lawn in random directions because it makes my neighbor crazy
little kid calls me a fag have a breakdown
i organized a religion because i hate my teacher.
Steal my Twinkies, feel the burn!
my little brother is the king of petty revenge
I spilled water on a boy's area
Colleague uses annoying ringtone to irritate all of us as a joke. Petty revenge ensues
REVENGE AGAINST A WRESTLER THAT CALLED MY SISTER A SL*T
I randomly change direction while mowing my lawn because it drives my neighbor nuts
I will not allow it.
Shut the door in my face, try to breathe after this fart
RE: Step mom wakes me up to carry her groceries.
This is how I got nearly an entire school to hate one person
Rip to my “Best Friend”
My step-mom woke me up from my sleep.
I peed in my brothers room ( short story)
Colleague refuses to change his loud and annoying ringtone that rings 40 times a day. Cue petty revenge.
How does it feel to get your name spelled wrongly repeatedly?
I took the biggest dump in an a**wipes bath tub
Lady Steals my Soda
Please help me edit this petty letter for maximum pettiness.
I’ll pay the copay
I Accidentally Get Revenge On A Guy Who Tried To F*ck Me Over
Pettiness in the workplace.
Gonna make jokes about fucking my married mom? Let me 1 up you
Very short using someone's words against them
The Lawyer's Junkmail
Sexist Gamer Girl gets ROASTED by words and TOASTED in-game (ft. r/MurderedByWords)
Toilet Seat Revenge
Your Tomatoes Needed the Sun, huh?
Time to grow up, sweet cousin
You want me to pay for a book that you have no proof of me borrowing?
Nail polish remover
Misplaced petty revenge that could have gone very bad
Water is wet! Or is it...
All your milk are belong to us
Your burger was fine.
Not sure if this counts as petty revenge but I slept with my ex's friend who is also our manager at work
the bandana story.
I’ll show you where Morocco is!
Brother’s friend gets revenge on animal crossing
Bully me? Watch what happens
Boss tries to fire my DAD then DAD shuts the entire company down.
Need help!
Think your nice car deserves to park in the handicap spot? Nice try.
You should just concentrate
Spicy Sandwhich
Mom’s BF teaches me how to be petty
Argue with me about a topic you yourself said you didnt know much of? I'll be petty in how i prove you wrong
Jett has left the game
Guess I Was Too Stupid To Know Any Better
Oh you took my dog? Say goodbye to your childhood.
one of the many stories where i pissed off my teacher.
Paid in pennies for my cigarettes.
So the Roommate Got a Dog
Don’t go messing with my Grandma
Absolute Psycho almost ruined my dream job, but I subtly mindfucked her
Cousin causing my mom some trouble?
Absolute Psycho almost ruined my dream job, but I subtly mindfucked her
I've repeatingly reported scams made from a scammers different account on Ebay.
If you give me $100 for a $6 transaction, you can bet that you’re gonna a handful of small bills back
Don’t mess with my tables
Don't want to lean forward a little? Then enjoy being very uncormfortable for the rest of your trip.
My mum has the pettiest revenge for any idiot in cars.
Neighbor’s rooster’s wouldn’t STFU so I got them arrested
Wiped my poop on a girls car who cheated on my friend
Tiny piece of pettiness.
Ignore this motherfucker. Take passwords seriously folks.
Park in my spot? I'll inconvenience you.
Make my mum move for no reason? Enjoy your flight
this guy almost hits me and my mom, gets ahead but we still get our food first.
Revenge of the DM
Have fun working by yourself!
Boyfriend cheats on me so I am breaking his relationship up
My Ex was Lying To Me, I Only Found Out From His Ex
Don’t keep bumping into people while drunk at the bar!
I might be a girl but you lift like a bitchWant to park your car in my yard and throw down trash? Enjoy your cars new makeover.
Don't let the petty hit you on the ass..
Guy on Xbox sends me hateful messages and insults my friends in party on Friday the 13th: The Game
Keep me up till four in the morning?
No, I'm not a tourist
“I’ve Had it with This F*cking order...”
Cheated my sister? I shitted your cistern
Don't fuck with the locals.
My Dad is planting mosquitoes to get me to leave
Scaring my girlfriend because she’s smoking weed without me when we agreed to have our first smoke together.
Revenge on driver
Pull into the high flow diesel island just to run into the store? Fine by me, but you're gonna wait.
How dare you park in front of my house.
Keep my deposit? - Cool, work for it.
The loud lan party
Fucking up for the neighbours
Teen driver tries to intimidate me (pedestrian)
Use my toiletries?? I’ll replenish yours for free.
soccer game revenge
Drunk hotel guests woke me up at 245.
My Brother wasn’t nice so he couldn’t see the time!
You have run out of Amulfax Shuffle Time
talk bad about me,spread rumors???? Ha! Have fun getting embarrassed in front of everyone
Friend stops clingy girl to stop talking to her
My Sister Spilt Water On Me..
Catching the office thief
You scam my best friend? Ill ill scam you harder.
Using an Unusual Hobby to Stop the School Pick-Pocket
Kid bitch slaps teacher
Request: how to deal with annoying neighbor
People who accused me of stirring got robbed and I rubbed it in their faces
Eat my cheesesteak, I'll drink your beer!
My sis is petty af
Got two women kicked out of our apartment complex for smoking in the pool after they mocked and laughed at me
Parking spot
petty work revenge
You froze my Social Security Number? I’m going to jam up your phone line SCAMMER!
Try and waste my time and Ill waste yours
Offload your passenger in a douchey spot? Turns out I’m not in a rush.
Bully my sister on graduation day? Good luck with that.
You drink from the bottle? You never drink again!
Bully attacked me and ended up in hospital
my mom gets revenge on brother for stealing her calculator.
Can’t move? Get wet!
Ex-GF tries to cheat but I befriend the guy and she ends up sad and lonely
You lie. I quit.
Call my brother a r*tard, get yourself banned!
$10 parking fine
You waste my time, I waste yours
My Hit-bunny
Company treats me like utter garbage so I clean out all of my entitlements, avoid a lawsuit and still get my 10 years celebration pack, nearly 2 years after the fact.
Throw a beer can at me? Alright enjoy your DUI.
Passive aggressive vs Passive Aggressive Roomate
I found my cat murdering a bird and didn’t clean it up.
Try to push through to the front of the plane? Have fun getting off last.
He Nearly Hit A Pregnant Woman!
Extremely rude/annoying co worker
Preppy bully gets dyed for hurting my BFF
You can trash your body but not the environment.
Want me to put your nail polish up ok you’ll have to wait till heck freezes over though
Easy target shoots back/AITA
Drive and act like an entitled jerk? Almost hit a kid? You’ll lose your car.
Bully gets what’s coming
Double Parking Convertible
Petrol station prat gets taste of own medicine
Get owned
Won't stop reporting my puppy for playing? Fine, enjoy your $2500 fine.
You dirty little liar
Pissing my idiotic brother
Bitch kid gets what she deserved
Karen vs. The University Debate Camp
Show up as we're about to close? Enjoy your cashback!
I got my principals, counselor and superintendent fired
French teacher makes revenge on her class
4 yo Me gets petty revenge on little annoying child
No kisses for you.
Since the beginning of civilization men have ruled. It is time to Elect More Women. They are caring, social and nonviolent. Great qualities for politicians. More women in political office will be revenge. You decide if it is petty.
Dick the dick of a stepdad receives petty payback after 30 years
Oh you want to have a nice nap on the plane? yeah good luck with that.
Fake friend insults me and is mean to me so I ruin his Minecraft dreams
I quit, sent a pissed off email, and they still have to deal with me on a regular basis.
I was told to crosspost this here.
Penny Revenge
You can have the popcorn
A really small win.
Log Flume Ride Revenge
Not all Canadians are nice
Want to accuse me of spam? Have fun with nobody to talk to.
Thanks for tattling, enjoy my noxious gas
Don't eat the chocolates.
Don't eat the chocolates.
Ordering bacon pizza for my muslim colleague
You want war? You get war
You Sure You Don't Need That Receipt?
The Netflix Battle.
I made my teacher count 800 or more pennies
Sure. I'm happy to help
Think it's cool to assault me and get away with it? I think not!
What is the “sweetest” revenge you’ve ever taken?
Wanna be that drunken bastard in public? Go ahead fellaWakeup call
Yes, this is your stop.
Revenge on my engineering teacher
I get back at an a$$hole after years
Mess with my mom? Game on
Did you print black?
Puny Revenge
Wanna Steal tips? I'll make sure there's nothing to steal.
Hit me with your car..go to jail
God bless Bluetooth
My parking spot, and my neighbors trash collection.
This real estate website wouldn't stop embedding my friends video even after he asked, so he changed it to a unicorn brushing his teeth.
Petty revenge on taco bell
My coworker helps herself to my drinks.
Don't be an ass, pick up your trash!
Sneaky teacher trier to get one over on me, turns out she isn't so sneaky
Managers and their personal servers
Sit on the end if my bed to use the charger? You won’t again
Break the rules? I'll blow up your phone with great deals so it never has to happen again
Lie to save a few bucks? How about you waste some time instead
I make advertisers pay
An elderly man screamed at us to not play in the playground. So we screamed at him back
You've Cat to be Kitten Me Right Now
Sit Here, Not Asking? Have Some Literal Poison Fish Soup!
I was in a group project with 2 other guys and I did almost everything
Break my nose? Fine, pay for all the bills.
you want to serve your friend first let me make you look bad infront of your boss
Blowout my ear drums? Enjoy staring into the sun.
Semi Blocking Dead End Street
Tea taste so much better when theres a dash of spite.
Evil mom essentially kidnaps her own son to show flaws in the summer camp I volunteer at's pickup system, ends up getting fired for it
Use ziplocks instead of water balloons for field day? Let me show you how stupid that is..
Phone number stds
School goes harsh on their dress code, so they're gonna have to pay for my accident.
Disrespectful roommate? I'll tell on you!
Steal my cousins Pokémon cards, let me trade you these “Rare” cards.
Refuelling and driveoffs.
This Gal needs your help with some petty revenge! Please message me if you would like to support!!!!
to all my petty revenge seekers.. please support this cause Send A Pic of Your Poop To this Phone Number
Left my soul crushing job in style !
You complain about my yard i'll complain about your yard
Annoying neighbors playing music at MIDNIGHT
Sister's friends mess with her ex
Should I do it?
Get in my business, and I get in yours
My parents spend years treating me like shit, I finally got my revenge when I moved out
Fellow redditor tries to come to conclusions without any evidence, gets shut down.
Welcome to Amish Country
Payback B*tches
Decline a real answer,huge hypocrite, humiliate me and bully me? Start repeating your maths.
We cancelled the contract, so you will “make us pay.”
Complain to me about stuff beyond my control. Guess I won’t let you back on the ride
Oh Alex
You use my wifi. I take it away.
Dad punished my brothers for something I did
Boss who fired me for asking for a raise, gets something special.
You cancelled the contract, I’ll make you pay.
Someone stole my laundry basket from the laundry room in my apartment complex
Waste of intelligence?
Jerked off to Hotties for Trump with my LEFT hand.
Dont be a asshole to people who speak broken English.
Shitty Roommates? I'll leave them a nice gift.
You want your 25 cent discount? No problem!
Fellow redditor tries to come to conclusions without any evidence, gets shut down.
You want to steal my parking spot? Enjoy having your car towed.
Fellow redditor tries to come to conclusions without evidence, corrected by me.
Revenge on a fellow redditor
Revenge on a fellow redditor
That's what you get shitty ass
Shittypants
You thought that my mistakes cost you money before how about now, asshole?
My ex told me they’re dating someone else... my other ex
My ex told me he’s dating someone else... my other ex
I like my horses like I like my cars...
Guy hits my brother and I retaliate
Step on me again and see what happens
Spoiled brat gets punched in the face for being an asshole
Best Spell to Get your True Love Back | Spell To Separate
Love Spell To Change The Mindset
Tax office gives me a stupid $1000 fine - I get my revenge years later
My mom fat shaming my friends? Not happening.
Lie to your students? No cake for you!
Steal my cousins Pokémon cards, We will trade you for these super “rare”cards.
Uber driver drunk ultimate revenge
when in doubt, call that one cousin who loves pulling petty sh*t.
Be a devil child on my rebooked flight? Behold my devilish laugh!
Guy tried to get “revenge” on my friends and I, failed miserably
Sabotage our utility system - that will cost you!
12 items or less line at the supermarket
Short and sweet revenge. With some surprise spice.
New buyers beware
Cut the line? I’ll cut my own way forward.
Refuse to pick up after yourself? Fine, no problem.
Taunt me on clash royale, get kicked from your clan.
Don't Steal my Brother's Newspaper
I'm taking your daughter away
Mess with my heart, I’ll mess with your GPA.
Just some nice revenge
Steal my “Dukedom”, I’ll take everything you have.
My PickleMy sister won't move so i lay My armpit over her head
I was 12, my dad told me that they are rubbish
take my soda no more phone
Cheat on our Friend, Prank the cheaters so hard they disappear!
Don't mess with karma, because trust me, it will come back 10 times harder
Steal my laundery time? Ok, here is a free padlock.
When I was in year 2
Have a loud party over my bedroom until 4 AM? Enjoy 10 hours of Trololo under yours.
My most savage gaming moment.
'Broken' Projector payback
Mock me for a month, bluffing me off a hand? Try looking stupid in front of the entire company
Sister would rather have me heard but not listened to? Touché
Back up traffic? Enjoy your little detour.
Cheating anxious ex embarrassed at prom
Forget having an “on call” just give me a promotion.
Take watering jug from table
Rude to me and my family? No problem!
Can’t be bothered to use the toilets, be prepared to get wet.
Niet best revenge ever!
A group of students are assholes on a bus the bus driver gets sweet revenge
How my twin sister got petty revenge on our history teacher on graduation day
How to get a sibling in trouble (tried and tested)
How my twin sister got back at our evil history teacher on graduation day
Nerdy Revenge on my Professor
Nasty surprise for a douche owner
Found this on AITA, thought it was petty but great
Cut in front of me when I’m golfing? Pay a 15$ fee.
The boy I liked ditched the water fight, so I spent two years ensuring he would get soaked.
Getting Revenge On My Entitled Parents
Sharing this revenge story from confessions
Use my bathroom instead of yours? Enjoy the new smell in your bathroom!
Substitute Teachers
It's the little things that make me happy
Thank god for Bluetooth
Getting Revenge On My Entitled Parents
Won't give up your seat? I'll fall on you
I got a kid taken away from his parents
I am still signed into my exes Amazon account and like to fuck with him...
Thank god for Bluetooth
Try to scam people in my Discord server? I'll leak your IP!
I'm still proud of this
Thank God for Bluetooth
Go back and get your key!
New neighbors
He who Controls the Router
Something stanky
Turnabout is fair play, don't steal my sales.
Turnabout is fair play. Next time, don't steal my sale.
Eat my ice cream and lie about it? My dog has thoughts on that.
Hope this counts. $50 on a train.
A hole girl
Cut tree in half....straight up!
smug mother took my parking spot
The loud lan party..
Revenge against the machine
Revenge of his fantasies
i confronted my bully and got told off for it
The annoying kid gives me the wrong adress , gets what he deserves.
My band director gets revenge on the rude ISS teacher.
Embarrass him over his own fantasies
MineCraft So Its Good
She was evil so I was too
The Elevator to Success is Broken. Take the Stairs.
Did I go too far?
Did I go too far?
Don't Do the work That's fine Goodluck finishing a semester long 4 person assignment by yourself in a week Part 1
Say I suck balls, I’ll expose you
threaten my friends and I? We'll make fake puke!
More work with no more pay? How about I quit my job.
Ruined Stranger Things S3 for my physically abusive ex by skipping ahead on his own Netflix account
Russian paid more
I'm so proud of myself
You mess with me then i'll destroy your discord server
My neighbor takes up a lot of space in our shared driveway, so do I.
Won't move your car? OK. I'll move it for you.
If you're going to drive like a dickhead, don't have your mobile number plastered all over your vehicle.
Treat us like shit? Say bye to your job!
Two stories about on person “you tell me to get off my phone I’ll just hide it” “I’ll hurt you because you don’t have a crush on me”
TLDR: Roommate steals my toothpaste so I spike it
I used “musical torture” to break my lease early and got paid to leave
Call me retarded? Ok, guess I am now
The time my mom got the person who cut her off arrested.
Invade our space? Enjiy sand in your face!
Who would win: a TSA agent or a GoPro?
I really want to get my douchebag of a neighbor back, and I would like advice on how to do it.
Throw stuff at me? Fine. I'll move.
Leave a dirty bowl in the shared kitchen for 6 months? Don't be surprised to loose it.
Slow down... what's the rush?
Mess with my brother and I take your Christmas lights.
My Stepdad Refuses to Keep My Bedroom Door Closed
Exwife thinks she is taking everything. She didnt read the fine print
Steal my email? I will lock your phone!
Complain to HR? I’ll automate your job.
No one is home, go away! My petty revenge on my housemates horrible girlfriend
Jackass sitting in my pre-booked seat? No problem. No problem at all.
Guy had rudely rejected me years ago. He hit me up a few days ago.
Call an 8-year old a f*cking idiot? I don't think so...
When there’s a comment/post I really don’t like I go to the person’s profile and downvote everything
I looked on in pure bliss as I choked the living daylights out of her.
Take pictures of me? I’ll make you waityou steal my bed I take your house
Principal tries to make whole high school work as a reward
Steal my switch, I’ll essentially brick it
Monopoly is a fun game.
A few small victories
“I missed the part where that was my problem”
He cheated on his girlfriend for years, I just posted the video
You need help with your exam? Sorry, I'm "prohibited" from talking to you!
Piss me off, I'll get your Ex-GF hired.
Scam Caller
Excuse me! Hey! OVER HERE!
You are not on your break!
Fruit revenge
A couple years ago someone I was seeing just flat out told me that he wasnt interest in me and was pretty rude about it. Tonight I had the last laugh.
You break my laptop? You pay for it
Teacher thinks she knows more than her students.
No, but you can have my..
Kill me 100's of times on a Minecraft server? Let's grief a little...
Not Gonna Pay Me? You Will Now
My first Reddit post, of course it's about farts
But I'm not the parent (XXL)
“Karma is a b**ch to people who do what you do”
Make your mess in my sink enjoy it all back and more
Block my view of the concert? I take your spot!
Block my view of the concert? I take your spots!
Using initials is NOT helpful
Poison Ivy is fun, isn’t it?
Smoking Deborah Tries To Ruin Date Night!
The revenge of his dreams
U mess with my minecraft world say bye bye computer
Waste my time? I'll waste your time.
Kid ruins sports day team ends up with sauce on his arm
Getting payback for my brother subscribing to things with my bank details...
Wanna know how to make over 400$ a day?
How I got petty revenge on my youth minister!
Take my 75 dollars? I'll tie up your resources until we're even.
Fuck you and your ball
Don't be mean if you want dry hair
Finally got back at my mom
You want to gamble? Hello new furniture!
Don't Knock? Guess you get wait a bit longer.
Cheat on my mum and make her cry? Have fun having your life ruined.
Ban anyone who doesn't speak english and then ban me? Would you like the Bee Movie Script?
Be mean to me fine deal with the smell
So you need to hurry up to get to a wedding? To bad.
All because of a pencil
Running into my ex at a mall
My petty revenge on entitled family members.
Destroying a paper for a bully.
When German's take over
Get dunked on like the dick you are
My EX after 6 months of no contact texts that she wants my mom's phone number and tells my friend to shut up I accidentally reported that she wanted to shoot he high school
Ruin many family members lives?good luck finding your own house
Try to live rent free? Good luck finding a place to live:)
Humiliate me in front of co-workers? Clean my poopie.
Take my headphones without permission? Enjoy when you ask for money!
Won’t bring me home? I guess I’ll get everyone sick then!
Act like trash on public transit? Here take my trash with you!
Revenge: The long game
Be a Reddit YouTuber and Delete, Strike, and Flag Content? Ok I'll Make a Petty Revenge Post as Petty Revenge
Yell at my stepson for enjoying the view? Enjoy your dinner...
All I had to do was wave!
I hacked her roblox account because she was pissing me off but i never knew I would find out this about her...
mess with my friend? get through me first
A lifetime of petty revenge and sicknesses
Kick sand in my eye enjoy a broken toe
A Slow Game Of Chicken
Ignore my discreetly-offered advice? Now your mistake gets pointed out to everyone.
My roommate slept with my girlfriend, so I came on his toothbrush.
A bully is trying to trick his mom into buying him gta 5 and I ruin that for him
My siblings are pricks. But I'm a bigger one
Kamma poop
Work revenge
Friend bailed on a day I planned out because he spent his money on Belle Delphine’s bath water. So I got him into a group call with her ex who exposed to him that she bathes with her partners
My friend bailed on a day I planned out because he spent his money on Belle Delphine’s bathwater
I'm spending this weekend with my college crush while she....well.
Guy gave me a hard time in my old school is buying gta 5 with his mother, I decided to act
The toilet roll of karma.
bully me? ok your suspended
Steal my Cart? Look like a fool!
Want to listen to music? Okay.
Take candy from little kids? Enjoy getting soaked.
You are an absolute idiot
Petty revenge on movie theater employees disrupting the movie experience.
No way in hell you do that to my kid
Park Your Car In Front Of My House When Your Driveway Is Open? Enjoy Cleaning Trash Out Of Your Car
Post-Trump satisfaction.
Move to a quiet area and try to take over ?
No, but you can have my FB.....
No, but you can have my Facebook
I want a ride (points gun at my head). (Video game)
No, but you can add me on Facebook
Some old coot has a nerve to steal my parking spot? Let me help you get a new paint job.
Stupid ass thief gets himself caught.
Coyote piss car revenge
Be rude to new neighbors? Then those new neighbors probably won’t worry about your comfort.
Park blocking the cart corral? Enjoy taking the cart off your SUV!
Thanks for ordering the “Stolen parking space” Combo! Would you like a side of revenged with that?
Block my car? I’ll do the same
MIL hates my pets and shows them off as disgusting to others, so this is my petty reaction.NO SLEEPING IN DURRING SUMMER BET!
Getting revenge on my teacher - the website
Steal my Cart? Look like a fool!
My friend published a book just to get back at his ex-girlfriend.
Bully me for four years, I’ll ruin your backpack
Dirty discord buddy got a taste of his own medicine
Wrestling takes care of jerks..
Golf Bro got what he deserved
Oreos damage paint jobs.
You think you can put your feet up while we do the work to get the prize? Get revenge served by a Karen
bully me? ok i’ll suspended you
You're right...young people are useless, but at least we read.
Be quiet on my redeye or be humiliated in front of half an airplane
Please do not deign to prioritise my workload
Get lost Dramaqueen!!!
(godly echo voice) H I S T O R Y.
Stealin my Ginger &gt;:(
Brother throws pinecone at me I throw a stick at his phone
Want to make me throw away my trash all the time? I hope you get kicked out
You don't follow traffic laws just because you have a white expensive car? We'll blacken it for you!
5th Grade Level Petty
Counselor's Revenge
Want to park in my Dad's parking spot, lose your keys!
Petty Parking War With A Neighbor
Want to cry over the tv ok have it
You demand I take your photo? Sure, I’ll give you photos.
Water ballooned the cabin that tortured(not like intense torture) us at camp
Dancing on the Roof. (crosspost from AITA)
Want to cut across me and slow down? Fine!
Don’t mess with mom
Guy who spoiled endgame for me gets a surprise 72 days later
Bully me for a year ill leave you with a teeth mark
Getting revenge on behalf of my local baristas
I piss off neighbors
Awful Neighbors
Take over our table? Ok, but the umbrella is coming with me..
Douchebag co-worker vs Petty coworker
This guy offered me a ride home under the guise of being nice turned out to be a creep and I ended up giving him a very expensive uber trip
Gettin sick and tired of these movie theaters
Back in middle school a kid stole my headphones, so i broke into his locker and poured dog piss on everything.
Want to be a bitch? OK then, Sweat!
Of course I'm petty.
You want to pay more? Ok
One comment causes husband's Dry Spell
Stop treating our friend like a god? Why don't we make him a god.
A little petty revenge on my (ex) flatmate
Grade stealer tries to mess up our coding assignment. Not so fast.
Golf bro got what he deserves
Ruin my fancy honeymoon dinner with my wife? I’ll crop dust you and your entire family.
Destroy a sign every week fine I will destroy your car.
Pop-up Precious Metals company
I burned Barney the purple dinosaur in front of my little sibling.
I Faked Going to a Billie Eilish Concert to Get Back at a Friend Who Always Cancels on Me
This petty revenge has not yes taken place and we need YOU
You think you can pour beer on me? Think again.
Flight attendant gets petty revenge on entitled Parent
Good luck with no family and no support in a new state Mom
Inappropriate guests? My cat will pee where you sleep.
Please please help me. Pizza stolen. Revenge needed.
birthday girl lies to me, i retaliate at a karen level
Dont piss off your tattoo artist
Insult an employee trying to help you? Ok, no problem.
Want to Pull a Petty Prank on the Office? Good Luck.
Screwing my competitive friend over in Steam Summer Sale
Yell at me while video calling my nephew, enjoy the sound of glass smashing onto more glass.
honestly a pretty anticlimactic minecraft petty revenge
i need help getting revenge
Two failed petty revenges in an hour
Skid marky mark.
Wake me up before I'm ready? Prepare for revenge.
It’s currently 00.15am, my neighbours are being fuckin loud, so I’ve called the cops. Short and sweet.
The last seat on the train
Being an Entitled Bitch? Have Some Goat Mush
Driver thinks I'm going too slow
Want to be Rude? No GF for You.
thotimus prime asked me to get her fries
Enjoy the spam
Sister keeps stealing your drink? Enjoy being ‘salty’
Don't insult an employee trying to help you.
A guy put out his fist for me to bump in front of our entire class but I left him hanging because he made fun of the way I said something less than 45 minutes earlier.
Kid snitched on us, we get him grounded.
The customer is always right
ROBLOX Tryhard gets so surprised he leaves the game
I Bet I'm on the Tip of Your Tongue!
A**hole BK manager gets what’s coming to her
Enjoy the rear end of that trailer
P L E A S E H E L P
It’s impatient driver day I guess
How to trick a bully
Gonna make my witch of a sister rack up 30-ish dollars in library fines
“Hold on let me just take my time here...” oh sorry, am I keeping you from getting to your seat?
Messing with netflix revenge
My ‘friend’ gets ANGRY because I give her advice for her bearded dragons, wont leave me alone..
Entitled asses try to steal my seat, and end up smelling like liquid ass for a few days.
Act like an ass, smell like an ass.
You’re being a jerk for no reason? Enjoy rewashing your fresh laundry
Pissing on the floor? No food for your co-workers!
Roommate revenge
Allow me to conjure up a non existent cup
Steal my parking space and give me the fingerPurple crayoned walls, toothpasted carpet and a shit behind the sofa.
The most lawful evil thing I can do
Keep your lousy music to yourself, and I'll do the same
Women sent me multiple messages and I sent her on a wild goose chase
Inpatient driver gets held up by the pedestrian they cut off
Revenge is best served petty
I hid all her remotes
Want to bite me when I'm offering you a treat? Fine, no more peanuts.
A little leeway goes the long way
Wanna use all my shit? Well here’s a body washer for you
Use all my shit? Go ahead
Need a little help getting revenge
I Made Him Think the Mayonnaise Was Pudding
Deal with you reclining into my seat? I'll deal.
Make me work harder on a hot day? I make better tips than you.
Driver thinks I'm going too slow
Betray my trust? I make your day shit.
Badmouth me to the neighbours? Enjoy that Catmint that you love so much!
Punk teenagers cry because they think their college and career chances are ruined
Refuse to wear headphone when gaming an night? Have fun walking up and down stairs
Gonna make my witch of a sister rack up 30-ish dollars in library fines
Refuse to do your job, I'll waste your time like you wasted mine.
Have a seat
Cashier Got Me Good
Revenge, best served with a chocolate chip cookie.
Dislocated shoulder
Shave your pubes in my bathtub? Enjoy a glitter being stuck to your dick &amp; having no lighters.
I Have his number
"...to end up like THIS?"
Happy Independence Day, especially to my English friends!
He just sits on the couch and drinks beer
Install my Dishwasher, bish.
Gonna make my witch of a sister rack up 30-ish bucks in library fines
I ate the whole bar of chocolate
Music Battle
Did I cross the line?
Gonna make my witch of a sister rack up 30-ish bucks in library fines
The sibling revenge we all dream about: toothpaste stealer edition.
Spoil Last Jedi for me, then I spoil EndGame for you
Is this revenge or justice?
If you don't stop being ignorant, I'll walk you up that hallway and make a fool of you.
Fireworks are illigal+i got reported for shooting an airgun in my own yard
Getting a 'refund' from a con man
Wanna send me to lunch early? I'll send you in the freezer for 2 hours.
Hot Days, a $15 lunch and a taxi!
I got revenge on my roommate
lie to me? enjoy getting a horrible grade on your birthday.
Make me get your drinks for free? I'll mess up your order.
Found this video on Youtube. It's a girl telling this guys wife that she was being cheated on. Cringe!!!!
Honor student dishonors herself
So you want to mess with Students and lose my midterm paper? Have fun eating your words.
I made a fake facebook to take out my anger on my class
Don’t fuck with the Marines
Harass my mom? Okay, enjoy getting yelled at by your pimp daddy's father.
Want your newspaper.... Sure.
Teach you to annoy a full cinema screen
I Spoil Endgame For My Childhood Bully
Entitled kid gets shot with bottle rocket and covered in mud after throwing rocks at my house and spreading rumors about me at school
Dumb*ss Driver(s)
City wants to sell the land everyone has been using for decades, end up being sold to the people who used it.
Ex boyfriend will never find a match again
Enjoy your booger fingers
Science lesson
My aunt and uncle are racist. so we rent our apartment to foreigners.
You Get What You Give
Never Screw With the Disabled
Teenagers at the movies get a taste of their own medicine.
r/pettyrevenge I am passing on a bible of knowledge for petty revenge to you. George Hayduke's "Make 'Em Pay," the ultimate revenge from the master tricksters
I share a bible with r/pettyrevenge which has "Made 'Em Pay," so to speak. "Make 'Em Pay," by George Hayduke. The ultimate guide from the master tricksters
Sister geta booty slapp3d, blames brother.
better than a refund
Sending the lift down slowly
Coworker bad mouths me for stealing his tips before I had the chance to give them to him so I kept them.
Sometimes karma needs a kickstart.
Saved my bosses life but put him out of business in the process
Pettiest revenge ever against my bullies
You cut me in line? Prepare for a barrage of farts.
Mild petty revenge? Guy behind me on bus keeps kicking my seat
Guy gave my wife attitude, wife asked me not to say anything to him... didn't say not to DO anything to him. TLDR at the bottom.
Showing up a jealous backseater
Slacker coworker gets her comeuppance
Dan nainan-My call to arms
You don’t wanna help? Well then you don’t get to shower
I've spent weeks on candy crush
Good times at the Pizza place
Scream at me because of your own stupidity? I'll make you the victim of your own stupidity.
Make up rules that only apply to me? Enjoy counting coins
My brother hates me now *extremely petty*
Don't get mad, make em' pay!
Bully tries to blind me, i get petty revenge
You feel too good to wait in line, I, as a client, will happily make you do so anyway.
Obnoxious singing in exchange for obnoxious snoring.
Yell at me? I'll yell at you. File a complaint? I will too.
I ghosted my ex girlfriend the day we were supposed to get tested for STDs
How i made a racist silent.
Guy on marketplace sells the item I wanted so I wasted his time
Have a dumb strict rule? Let me not do that my last week of work.
[[REVENGE]] To Wife Who Don't Know What Breakfast Is
Sometimes being right is the best revenge of all
So I was fired... before they wanted to apply me again later?Obnoxious guests at a room next door made a lot of noise. Time to teach them a lesson.
getting back at my narcissistic mom on this fine july 4th holiday!
Take my money, I destroy your hair.
Won't take my medical issue seriously? Have fun covering my shifts.
I microwaved his bagels
Brother doesn't let me play his game, so I don't let him play on mine.
I took down my bully with a single threat.
Juicy school drama with a pitch of petty revenge.
Driver acted like a d* so I..
Strap in for a wild fide fellow redditors cause this petty revenge and juicy juicy school drama is just too good to miss. TL;DR included from yours truly.
Thief steals towel at wave pool, I cause them disgust and regret
Shut Down an Anti-Semite's Monopoly Game
Entitled Mom refuses to pay me for piano lessons, has to pay me 750$ dollars!
Mom refuses to pay me for piano lessons. Has to pay me about 1.3K dollars
Bully gets kicked in the face and out of school
Lake War
We tricked an annoying nocturnal housemate into spending loads of money, doing loads of exercise and going to bed at a reasonable time.
Interrupt my nap time? I'll give you cancer.
Tales of WW2.
Don’t help and treat me poorly? Enjoy not having TV.
Disrupt everyone else on the ferry? Oh sure.
If you are a bish, you do not get a fish.
I Destroyed my bullies physics book.
Bully my friend at Chuckee Cheese’s? I’ll have you waste all your tokens playing a game all you can do is lose at.
You thought we would lose Battle Of The Bands? Let's see about that.
Touchy Time
don't give me a refund enjoy having your kitchen table and around your TV covered with water bottles
Friends neighbor is always calling the cops
The fist bump
Lady lectures me on customer service, Mom charges double on her order
How I ruined someones career and then added insult to injury with a petty revenge
Won't do your work for 3 months? I'll make sure you fail.
Controlling boyfriend gets a suitable present.
Take my stuff? Take my burn
Want to be overly sensitive? Alright, let’s play.
EK Tries to cheat on test fails EM Threatens to suspend me
Gastric revenge
I had to share it, not as good as other stories but still good.
A slice of petty revenge 🍕
Friend Got a taste of his own medicine
This is how I got her sister to bitch slap the brother
Grandma died without giving 30 days notice? I’ll make the collector pay
My petty revenge on Keanu Reeves
I threw away my brothers $200 shoes and hid the tv remote from him
"Friend" assumes I'm lying about the Summer Solstice
OP Epicly Rekt's Random Lady
Wont stop annoying us? This is what you get
We tricked a loud nocturnal housemate into spending thousands on pc parts
Bitch about me behind my back? Enjoy the shits.
Bitch about me behind my back? Enjoy the shits
Teacher humiliated me for years, I use the rules of the church to ruin her.
Distract me through my music performance. Enjoy the new type of music I made for you.
Assignment shenanigans
If you don't help me, I won't help you.
Bitch about me behind my back? Enjoy the shits
I gave someone a broken game because their edge was annoying
Going nuclear in a card game. (Long, but super petty)
Threw away my brothers $200 Nike shoes, and hid the tv remotes from him
High beams in my rear view.
No-call no-show on my birthday? I'm gonna ruin your fucking night.
No-call no-show on my birthday? I'm gonna ruin your fucking night.
Flight delayed and you choose to not obey, better pay for both.
Summer Sardines
I have absolutely nothing better to do than make sure you continue to get towed
What's a small thing you like to do out of passive aggressiveness or revenge that they don't know about?
Cheater boyfriend gets what he deserves...multiple times
"This is the (city) police department. How did you get on here, this is a secure line."
No-call no-show on my birthday? I'm gonna ruin your fucking night.
the redditor who set a trap for a poptart burglar
Gulp my fucking piss, idiot.
I need some help- you don’t need to know too many details but all you need to know is that my brother is a serious asshole and I just want some ideas to get back at him after 14 years of built up anger. I just want something that doesn’t hurt anyone but will make his day suck.
Principal was being inconsiderate so she ended up regretting our entire conversation
Catfish.
Petty Revenge - Gaslighting Groucho Marx Style!
If I am walking on the sidewalk and I know someone wants to turn into a business or onto a side street, if they dont have their signal on I walk super slow.
Demon Hair... or is it?
Hey, friends can you help me out.
The Devil’s Hair
Take That, Line Cutter!
Massive Refactoring for a Massive Douche — A Study in Code Obfuscation 🤓
Sweet revenge
You Should Have Gone For The Head.
Want to try and bully me? Enjoy your swim
Try to charge me with interest. Why don't I take some of your money?
Try to charge me with interest? We will see about that.
Me and my friends destroy a mansion over a wooden boat
Be a crazy Patriot and critize me for not being such a Patriot then have fun with our anthem 24/7
Call me names? Fine, pay 6x the amount for your medication as I could have made it!
EK tried to cheat in a test. EM tried to get me suspended. Revenge is sweet.
Airport etiquette.
I got my neighbor towed.
Annoying friend is annoying so I do my best
Manager is rude to me over the phone, so I got her fired by the head manager who is a friend of my father
Group of girls cuss me out at my ride and I get them banned from my theme park
Steal my phone? Okay. Let me get that back from you.
Cashier won't withdraw money for me..
Coworker is a bitch, so I make her walk
I was “that bitch” in the dorm hall
How to send junk/spam mail to a house
We tricked an annoying housemate into spending thousands on pc partsEgg my car? Oh revenge will be delayed 3 months
We tricked an annoying housemate into spending thousands on pc parts
Complain about my parking, enjoy your walk.
Tricked an annoying housemate into spending thousands of pounds on pc parts
ROBLOX is fun.
We made an annoying housemate walk up and down stairs for making too much noise
Want to brag about how I'm doing your work to my face, fine you can do mine instead
Guy knew he parked like an ass and did nothing about it.
You eat my chicken salad sandwich, I eat your strawberries
Can't wait 15 seconds? I'll hurt your ears.
Kid bullies me for two years. Tries to get me expelled when I fight back.
Boss Wants Me to Leave. I Do, But on My Terms.
Don't let me go to the bathroom when I started my period? Have fun cleaning the desk!
I don't want to sleep with your boyfriend, but I'll find someone who will!
Kid who traded me a shity pokemon card for a super rare card, gets YEARS of EX collecting stollen.
Since the beginning of civilization men have ruled. It is time to Elect More Women. They are caring, social and nonviolent. Great qualities for politicians. More women in political office will be revenge. You decide if it is petty.
Inconsiderate coworker hogs the only john on the floor for way too long, I engage in psychological warfare until he stops.
Peer kicks my stuff, so I do the same.
Karma
woman spits on my moms face and pays for it
Entitled neighbor feels like taking 2 parking spaces
Advice needed:stinky microwave
I "washed" my roommate's spoon in the toilet
Forget to remove my info from accounts? Enjoy your annual soliciting call.
Guy Photoshops his girlfriend's forehead slightly larger when she annoys him.
Forwarding a guy’s “make me c*m” messages to his father after he harassed my friend.
Be an asshole? Get your stuff taken away, stranded, and put in jail.
Story I found on my local Craigslist in response to people dealing with wacko neighbors.
My Ex Stole $0.65, I made her lose $10
First time, shame on me. Second time, shame on you.
My revenge
My brother was a dick so I messed up his Minecraft game
Karma is a Bi**h - My Mom Gets Back at an Annoying Woman
She pissed in her tea
Thanks for reminding me!
Fido Mobile went back on a deal they promised me, so I cost them twice as much as the deal would have.
An old story of mine
"sugar mom" trying to scam me by asking for a $50 steam gift card before sending allowance
The smoker below us
Bit of a self improvement petty revenge
Treat me like I'm an inconvenience? Have fun digging in the trash, bitch.
No, I will not give you those passwords you requested
Moron takes up the only toilet on my floor for hours, I mess with him until he stops
Petty revenge against our entitled neighbours gets them ticketed and fined by the authorities.
Girls try to set up my Step-Daughter, I get them kicked out of their apartment and kicked out of college.
Ruin our living situation? Have fun losing your license AND car.
An Alternate Response to Dealing With Road Rage
REVENGE AGAINST THE RUGMAN
Bet
Dirty roommates suck.
Fine be a bitch, I'll make sure it takes you longer to do your job then.
I cut up my bracket so this girl would stop stealing them
Catty revenge on my landlord.
Got my own back, roundabout style.
Make fun of my dying grandpa? I'll burn some of your rare loot &amp; get you temporarily banned from a Discord server.
Avenging my coworker
Friend of Mine Had Life Almost Destroyed by a Narc. Sociopath
Use me? I'll use you
Neighbor likes to throw his cigarette butts on the ground all around my car, I kindly return them to him.
Satisfying all the Same
Fast walker rage
Sweet Revenge
Mess with my friend? Recieve unrelenting hellfire of eggs and dye for the next three years.
You can’t fix computers and I can prove it.
Need to give troll a taste of his own medicine...
"If you called, I would have told you"
Entilteled dad wants to skip line. Ends up not buying anything and ek shat his pants
Deny patient's drug for a formality? I'll correct it, 1000 times.
Mess with my friend? Receive unrelenting hellfire of eggs and dye for the next 3 years.
Some guy on Minecraft griefs and steals from me gets stuck in a hole
That's what you get!
Steal my Holidays. Ill take yours.
Inappropriate party punk loses his cocaine and gets busted cheating
A steaming hot cup 'o revenge.
Enjoy your stinkin’ fork suckers
Kid trys to fight me I beat im up
Stupid stempom gets what she deserves
Ruin my Bike? Well Have Fun Riding in Mud
Nosey odd job man has something to be nosey about
Zoom past me and drive like an asshole, now you gotta pay...
The tortoise and the hare (remix)
Kid comes up to me calls me a fagg is mean to my friend and punches me, get waked on the head with a baseball rake
So you like running Stop signs? Fine but you’re not having that parking spot.
GF breaks up with me, doesn't enjoy life without me
Ex’s new girlfriend gets too drunk to find her phone, I get too petty to help.
Backstabber being bullied
Screw them will ya, well screw you
Right back at'cha, mate!
I was in a bad mood because of my mom so I made our family cat love me more
I hope the milk tastes good
EK wants my karate belt, I get my revenge
HAHA YOU FELL INTO MY TRAP CARD
Little entitled brat wants the sausage rolls? Not on my watch.
Your a noob at bubblegum simulator? Uno reverse card (secret pets)
i'll give you a typo
I don't care what you are, DON'T TAKE MY FOOD!!!
Discord moderator tries to gaslight server, gets played like a fiddle into confessing to me, then tries to intimidate me into staying quiet, only to lose any influence she had there.
How I took revenge for annoying college girls
Left Mom a Treadmill
I got my handicapped neighbour's car towed.How I got revenge on my jerk brother.
My bully recently started work at a local school. This was the email I sent to her employer
Bork Zone
Guy lied to me about sleeping with other people without a condom
FUcc your summer vacation asshole
Help Me Waste His Time
Give me a non-consensual back rub, No sweets for you
Shitty service and being rude after politely being told to stop? Enjoy the tip!
GF's sister was using my conditioner
I get paid well to be an asshole!
Airline Representative gets embarrassed
Friend catfished me for months and manipulates me , so i got some sweet revenge
Be a bitch? Listen to this beeping noise until my flight takes off
Don't push in front of my dad
Make comments about my fiance? Ok then...
i ruined a girl’s grade for lying to me. on her birthday.
I stood up to the playground bully for my daughters- BUT I AM NOT THE HERO
Make me hate myself? Here's some kitchen roll
Honk at us in the Parking Lot? Enjoy sitting in the car
Man Gets Back at Intoxicated Lady Who Almost Ran Him Over
Curse me out for doing you a favor? Have fun walking.
Treat me poorly, have fun with allll of your nickels.
Take advantage of my quiet voice? Make a fool of yourself instead.
Getting my roomate kicked out because he is drunk.
I have a drunken roommate and made sure he has no more accommodation.
Treat me like shit? Pay out 2 weeks of vacation and sick leave.
Order to go and decide to eat in? Fine. You get to go service
park so close i cant get out of mt car? enjoy the flat tire
Won't do your part?
Try to photograph a traffic accident? Not on my watch...
Disease is just a terrible Karma
Not pay your half of the bills? I'll just move out.
Break my stone steps eh?
Cut me in line at Chik Fil A, I will rush you!
(Repost because it got removed for some reason) break my heart then ask for all the gifts back? Fine, take em.
No more WiFi for selfish housemates
Whenever my mum and I have an argument, I use her electric toothbrush to give the cats a tummy massage. They love it and she will never know.
Longtime childhood bully gets cockroach storm!
Bully me? Enjoy depression!
Break my heart then ask for my gifts back? Fine, take em.
Give me a bloody nose? get a 50 percent
Fire me? I'll let your OCD run wild
Boss want us to work from home? Has to pay too
I defended you and then you called corporate on me. Okay lets play.
Petty karma
Be a Karen to my GF, prepare to be salty.
please read thoroughly because otherwise it makes me sound bad lmao
Gonna crash into us and then laugh and think nothing of it? NOT FOR LONG!
I want to get revenge on this guy who scammed me out of 12.5 dollars.
Help me ruin this person's life
Be an idiot? I’ll get you a F
Minecraft Thief Fails to Rob a Realm (Minecraft)
One of my favorite childhood memories
How to train your bully
Be rude to service? I’ll charge you more 💁‍♂️
More water please!
Call me a faggot enjoy getting moried
Want to act like you know everything? Let me make you spend £600
Complain about a non-existent mess? You can board last.
Report me even though I apologized? I make YOU sorry.
Bully me and my friend? Get your life plans destroyed
The time that I went Gregor Clegane on my little brother and almost burn his face
Buggy revenge
Exhibit Blatant Hypocrisy On Christmas? Enjoy Having It Rubbed In Your Face Every Year Since.
Not today.
Try drowning me in the swimming pool?
EntitledSkater Almost Dies
Waking my neighbor up at 2:30am
Got a stalker whos actively harrassing me, my potential known assiciates, my family, HER OWN family, her neighbours, my neighbours
Y’know what? You did it to yourself.
Happy new year asshat
Pancreatic Enzyme Powder for dogs
I got a transphobic annoyance banned from Xbox
No beer for Nazis
Call me at 7:30am every day for a week to sell me Viagra?
Petty revenge doggy style
Kill me 2 days into my hardcore rp life, I'll murder you all over a year later by gaining your trust (from tumblr)
Mom gets revenge on Food-stealing brother.
Take my soda? Fine then, you can have it!
Want to cheat in dodge ball? Well i'll make sure to throw it harder.
suggestions for revenge on my neighbours? (because of their loud moaning)
don't come home, don't get your beer
Bully me in Saturday school? You're not getting that precious award.
Girl was a bitch to me off and on over the school year then got her bf to dump her as revenge👊🏻😎
I bought had 2 movie tickets and a guy sat in my second seat so I kicked him out mid movie because he was being noisy
Pointless Gains and Traffic Violations
Take my spot even though I blocked it? RIP @ your tires
Wake me up at 6:45a on a Saturday? I'll make the rest of your day very uncomfortable
How i got my mom a ear-full from her father.
Have More Pride, Twatwaffle.
The Look on His Face.
My revenge on bully
A little slice of evil
My roommate always leaves the kitchen a mess when he’s made breakfast in the morning. To combat this I’ve started to tidy up all the crumbs from toast or whatever he has made and I throw them on his bed. It satisfies me knowing he isn’t comfortable at night.
Guy gets weird with my female co-worker, gets refused free beer
Dad brags to teacher about his job, teacher makes son suffer
S***ty Revenge 😂
Revenge over a year in the making (from tumblr)
You want it? For Free? ‘Sure’
Annoying girl gets punnishedRuin my party, I will ruin your baby shower.
Destroy my stuff, I destroy your stuff
The Civics Teacher gives lazy student what she deserves
Wake Me Up at 3am in a Hotel Because You're Drunk? Enjoy your 5am Wake-up.
Steal my purse. I'll leave you stranded.
My friend ruined 6 months of my life and i accidentally ruined her reputation
Trash boy and no-scope.
Bad managers
I once bullied my middle school bully
Don't make promises you can't keep .....
Bleach. Just buy me bleach.
This may get a little weird
Bad Roommate of the year
Suggestions for petty revenge
Puppy Revenge From The Grave
I work at a grocery store and today a woman came in and when asked if she had a rewards card she said she does but she isn’t going to use it because her ex-husband has a copy and she doesn’t want him to get any points. This is the level of petty I aspire to be
Teacher calls police on a drum circle. What if they were potheads?? I scared her enough to lower her usage of 9-11
Don't look down at my mom
The pettiest of revenge
Bad mouth me will you?
Rude old guy insults me in passing so I kindly ask him for his opinion
Our class won the first pizza party, another got salty so we screwed them over for the second one
kill a goose wth your car? okay, howbout you get exposed(shamed) for what you did in collage
Took two years, but got the creep back!
Make snide comments about my fiance? Ok then
Aggressive and rude drivers!
Bad parking blocking gate
Abusive paranoid ex gets his due.
Reverse Identity Theft
I kinda attacked my bully...
Hop along....
People jump me and i get revenge
Some guy threatened my dog. Tough shit for him.
I Took HL Physics, I Know Better!
Getting back at him
Ex Best Friend unfriends me to be popular and years later tries to make me her “Maid of Honor” at her wedding.
Stepmom hit me with a brush for stealing from autistic kid.
Disrespect me, good luck getting to work replacing 5 tires and installing a $2000 security system
Ruin my last piece of chicken and Ill make your name a verb.
What can you do at 14 if you stole an autistic kid's phone and your stepmom came up to your school and started hitting you on the behind with a hairbrush and nobody stopped it?
I’m sure many have done this but I haven’t seen it
Karma will get you if I don’t
I got back at the drama queen who was ruining our science center trip!!
I kinda once made my teacher cry...
Harass me for a year? Throw away my mail? Karma comes calling.
My mom made a company successful, then subsequently costed them millions after she left due to poor working conditions.
I kinda made one of my teachers cry
Eat my food? Okay then...
Not the most petty but close
My Dad Tricks a Classmate into Embarrassing Himself in Front of the Whole Class
So petty
Won’t shower? Alright, have a taste of your own medicine!
"Sorry you can't A F F O R D this..."
IsTaGRam iS FUnNieR ThAN rEdDIt - Normie friends
The $250,000 pen
Entitled Mom Doubts my parents and Ruins friendship
Bully gets memed
depressed memer nerfs a crosstagger on tumblr
Scamming the Scammer
Pride Revenge on Religious Aunt
Crazy Religious Aunt Betrays my Trust, I respond CALMLY for once in my LIFE
My Grandfather vs. The College Kid
Fire me, I'll shut down your point of sale
Don't stand so close to me (please)
The last shot fired in the great dishes war
Ruin my soda after warning you not to? Have fun getting in trouble.
B!%"&amp; comes over to me and my friend picks on my friend calls me a fagg tries to punch me get bonked on the head with a baseball rake
Don’t skip me in UNO
Make my mom cry? Enjoy the obnoxious noises
A dumb person in class
Metro chronicles: Obnoxious lady on phone.
Boss learnt about fair time keeping
Watch your dog...
Don’t shower? Enjoy the taste of your own medicine.
How about some hot sause in your coffey
Want to jump me? Have fun being suspended.
Steal my loot I steal yours
Don't get trained for a job and then get yelled at for not doing effectively? Fine I'll quit a day before black Friday!
My butt is NOT your pillow
Wanna be annoying and an ***, you don’t get to call your mom.
Fart revenge
Tailgate, honk, and scream obscenities over your child and out the window at me.
I was sick and no one cared...
"You should follow me cause I'm your elder!"
Johnny, Johnny. [REPOST]
You make me late for my meeting? I'll screw you out of your break!
Treat a Girl Like That Once Shame on Me For Staying... Treat a Girl Like That Twice...
Loaned friend $60 under premise he was going to pay me back next day, has been ghosting me for 3 weeks
I gave my brother laxatives before a flight to Spain
To everyone who said I couldn't do it... yeah f*@k you.
Revenge on neighbours barking dog
Teacher gets expelled.
It's not so funny to be embarrassed huh?
Just a little extra
Mock me for something I can't help, I'll mock you when the pie is on your face!!!
Stick your hair somewhere else!
Fake cop tries to bully his way out of a bar bill.
The best petty revenge.
My Culvers order isn't good enough? Well, I'll steal your number.
SAT saturday school? No thank you! Tells me i'm gonna fail? Oh really? WATCH!Act Rude and Slam the Ball? Enjoy the WORST GAME of your life!
Steal my brothers bike? I'll ruin you on social media
The perfect petty crime
Mess with me try to deal with this
Trashed her room? Lose your things
Only 2 dollars off for military discount? Have fun with 10 separate transactions.
my dick of a sister
I re-followed my ex best friend on insta after months of not speaking, just to unlike all previous posts and then immediately unfollowed her.
You are going to find out who I am? Okay, just remember that all calls are recorded.
Petty revenge, military edition
Teacher gets mad at me for drinking water so I got some petty revenge
Don’t pick on the intern living in your attic
Keep it a secret? Of course.
Anata are an idiot
Trash my house? Enjoy being sober at a Big party
Won’t pay for tv licence? No refund for you
Google review
I’m only nice to a certain point...shit mouth.
Hurt my dog? I'll ruin your Yeezys
My step brother has ocd
Yogurt boi
Disrupt my work? Enjoy no Toilet paper.
Destroyed scammers ears
Stop putting things on top the part of the ice maker that tells it to stop making ice.
In 2016, a British man crowdfunded a ten hour film of paint drying in order to force the British Board of Film Classification to watch it, as part of a protest against it. This is due to independent filmmakers needing to pay £1,000 per submission in order to be certified. The film received a U.
How my boyfriend repaid his boss's crap with literal crap.
Karma takes a turn
If you want to use two spots go for it, but I fit where I fit
I dropped her classes
Soo you like back stabbing eh? Well have a taste of your own medicine
How I Ended the Relationship Of Two Best Friends Over A Fictional Character
You say you hate all Asian food but have never tried it? Oh no your mouth is broken now! ( I DIDNT HURT HER I THINK THIS WAS JUST COINCIDENTAL DONT KILL ME MODS )
"Hack" into my Xbox Live account? Lets practice what you preach.
Girl I had a brief crush on in middle school bullied me for SIX years. A decade later, PAYBACK
Stupid coworkers get embarrassed
Within 1 week, I destroyed a Catfisher's facebook profile and music channel.[Long with a TLDR]
Dry Texting? i don't think so
Dont mess with mac
How I got revenge on a teacher by drinking water.
Beg For Lower Prices In This Game, How About I Take That Discount You Want
The bad parkers out there... meet my mother
Let’s just stick exactly to the rules, shall we?
Petty revenge on driving school scamming 600$ from me
No job for you (mild)
Going to drive your truck like an asshole? Have fun getting it back
My bad day a Houseworth story
Petty revenge/I don't work here
Break my computer? I'll steal yours!
Ok I’m not sure if this belongs here and sorry if it doesn’t but I need ideas
Shitty parking blocking my path? I'll show you shitty!
Best Breakup Story
Cheat on my friend? Here, have a hug. And another.
Ghosted me on a pair assignment. Get 0%
Screaming at my roommate = the barney treatment (Operation: I love you)
The demise of a mistress
The story of my First serious relationship [long]
Stolen water bottle
Lalala can't hear you.
"Taint"ed cheques
How to hurt those who don't care about your feelings.
Petty revenge idea for mailman.
Woke up to poop smeared on my car
wedgie me? I wedgie you back 7 times greater(felt kind of bad though but hey KARMA SUX DONT IT?)
Sick of my lazy roommate thinking what little he contributes is sooo great
Wanna be a rude asshole who intimidates retail workers? You'll just leave empty handed
Wanna be a rude asshole who intimidates retail workers? You'll just leavers empty handed
You want to control my work? I'll do it extra properly for you!
Instant “revenge” on entitled couple in a small airport
Father mentally and verbally abused me, I ruin his career and accomplish his own dreams
I flushed them down the toilet like you did with my life
I flushed it down the toilet like you did with my life
My bestfriend and Girlfriend wanted to fuck my life over
Expensive equipment gets destroyed. My dad has some things to say. (TLDR AT BOTTOM)
First time in my life exacting petty revenge, no regrets!!
Rude costumer gets what she deserves (TL;DR at bottom)
sexist driver crashes his car.
You want to offend me? Ok, challenge accepted.
That time I turned in an embezzler.
If you don't pay, you get whats coming
Teacher says that the fact that i forget stuff comes from my mom. Welp, too bad for him !
An interesting title
Spray paint my teachers walls stay scraping gum off the bottom of the table for the rest of the year
Don't pay your invoice? I won't forget, but you will.
For a dollar
I got my 5th grade teacher fired
Break my pen? Enjoy losing your "toy". *reverse card
Lie to me? Enjoy a breakup and failing in a very important test.
If you talk shit about me, expect me to talk shit back.
Greedy A-Hole can’t play video games anymore
I'll get my commission one way or another!
Satisfying Final Message to Shitty Ex-Roommate
Trying to steal a parking spot? Good luck finding one at all!
Impossible Sit up gone wrong
Make me look foolish? Let me ruin your relationship
My brother didn’t give me a drink and called me a dumbass. So I ate the sandwich he was saving the entire day.
Ex wants me out of her amino life? Enjoy it bein taken away
For the first time in my life, I took pleasure in honking the hell out of a car not seeing the light turned green
Revenge on a Childhood Bully
Lonely Guy Calls Police on My Puppies!
Today I finally got got revenge against my awful ex roommate[Advice Needed] Such petty ... much needed
“Yes, KIDS LIVE HERE and are LOUD!” Ok then....
Refer to me with a slur? Good luck getting into college.
Gonna get all pissy with me over some bullshit? Your denim is MINE!
Hit my friend? enjoy having no friends
Why’d you bring nothing?
Why are you using your phone in a convenient way? *reverse card
Rich Revenge
Stuck up neighbor doesn’t get what he wants
We Can Go 35 in a 45 Mile Zone
China gets petty over the Huawei feud so no American movies are selected for the Shanghai Film Festival
You aren’t doing as well as the others, why aren’t you giving more fines to more people?
Idk where to put this but here goes.
why are you using your phone in a convenient way? *reverse card
don't give me a refund enjoy having your kitchen table and around your TV covered with water bottles
I need advice... I was reported to the police
Craigslist revenge
Why are you using your phone in a convenient way? *reverse card
Former friend accuses me of mistreating her boyfriend. She then finds out he cheated on her with me.
Middle school shenanigans
Tell the school I’m a bad student?
You won't pay me for all the hours I worked for you? Okay, have fun running your business all by yourself on your busiest day then.
You left it on the bench? Must be clean then!
Try to publicly shame me? Get a taste of your own medicine.
Can't play a game quietly? Guess i'll take away your chances at winning
Send nudes to my best friend reverse uno card.
Refer to me with a racial slur? Good luck getting into college.
Kid was being annoying so I took the donut he wanted
Bully and discriminate against me for having ADHD? Enjoy failing Economics and having to attend summer school after graduation.
Act like an asshole in your Tesla, enjoy getting wet
Loud and noisy dormmates pt2 and really gross ones as well
Don't flip people off
Ideas?
Loud, noisy, neighboring dorm? No problem
“Change the way your final piece looks” “lol ok”
Short Story
Close Friend of Three Years Backstabs Me and Her Ex, We Clap Back With Proof Of What She Did To Us To All Our Mutual Friends And They Stop Talking To Her
Keep me behind after work? Get epic pranko mode
Bombard this a-hole!
Pen Pettiness
This is really good
One of my favorite revenge stories ever. Credit to u/teen-walrus
My Neighbors Hit My Tutors' Cars
In a hurry? Please, you can wait!
Hire me to watch your 8 Pomeranians, hedgehog, and hamster for 23 days, then move to a different state and avoid paying me? Enjoy your eviction &amp; paying double what you owed me in fees to your leasing office
I've just realised how little my brother cares about me
He backstabbed all his supporters, so we ruined his rep
Cut her off then call her a fat c*nt and ask her what she can do about it?? How about what I can do about it.
Don't do your job, get your shoes filled with oil
No Legal Obligation!
Be a bullying asshole for no reason? Begone THOT (ft cool bus driver)
No legal obligation!
Supervisor made my team feel like failures, so I hid her favorite pen
SO sorry to see you go!
We should be able to sleep with the lights on? So should you.
When your friends stick up for the bully...
No Fieldtrip For Me? Hmm
Screw with my overtime? Lose a tech.
Don’t cherry pick!
get me banned from trolling me? ill get u banned permanet!
Coworker drinks all my Brita water
Coworker drinks all my Brita water
[ADVICE/HELP] I need some help with my SO's roommate
Fire my wife will ya?
Try to make me bleed? How bout you get a fracture?
I took $30 out of my colleague’s farewell gift contribution after I found out she blocked me on Facebook.
Have a crack at me about my weeds? Enjoy your lack of social life!
A bit of upvote pettiness
The story of the most hilariously satisfying petty revenge of my life so far.
I broke my sisters AirPods in revenge after what she did to me
Want to pass me? Enjoy your wait
The upstairs neighbor was stealing my clothespins, so I’ve been fucking with their clean clothes.
Try to cut me in line? Guess I wont pay it forward
Slowed down to piss off an unsafe driver.
A man with Down's stands up for himself
I made a social faux pas to be petty.
I took $30 out of the money contribution towards my colleague’s farewell gift after I found out she blocked me on Facebook.
Won't wait for the right time? I'll make you wait a little longer
Lane splitting isn't legal, you say?
Ride my ass to not let people merge? We’ll see about that.
Asshole Takes Up Handicapped Parking Spot
Mother of the groom tries to upstage the bride, bride decides to make the first move.
Stolen parking space leads to very long wait for offender.
Trying to ignore students? How about nope!
I Give Revenge To A Bully
Just a short one
I was nice to a mean girl to make her feel awful
Don’t honor my request off? Okay then.
Revenge on a shitty cheater
Refuse to take over so i can take a break? Enjoy working late tonight :)
Litter? Enjoy your walk home!
Snooping may lead to unwelcome discoveries
Mother stops her kids annoying everyone with hot sause.
Pettiness on the tram systems
You mess with me? I mess with your food.
Redditor stalks me and claims I'm a member of the occult Illuminati, he'll be the man to stop me! Instead, I scare him off Reddit.
Blind me with your high beams in a dark road despite me signaling you about them...? I would rather not.
Take my money and talk shit? I’ll take your man.
Point-Blank Book in Bully's Face
I get singled out for saying the word "bomb!" enjoy my parents!!I’m not sure if this is petty revenge?
An Omega wristwatch gets destroyed - Accidentally Petty
I unintentionally got revenge after almost being scammed
My petty revenge on entitled family members.
Parking company goes after my Mum: I cancel their mail. [orig posted to prorevenge but they pulled it - no idea why]
My friends spend the day tormenting me, I ditch them to work on our group assignment by themselves.
Help me with my petty revenge?
School project nightmare
Watch me type my password? Let me personalise it for you.
Don't want to control your obnoxious kid in a busy airport? You get to deal with him after he gets hit in the nuts by my luggage.
Destruction of property much? Well, you mess with art, you mess with ME.
How my sister “won” 35,000 dollars.
Never gonna give your party up, my speaker won’t desert you
Friend Ruins Movie
Take my phone for no reason? Sogni d'oro.
Just a little bit of revenge
Trick + hack me, causing me stress and panic on my already stressed mind? Enjoy your gift from me, then.
“Borrow” (steal) my swim goggles without my permission? Enjoy being late to warmup!
Forced a kid to move.
It’s not so funny now is it
Don't announce your engagement at someone else's wedding, or this might just happen to you...
Don't announce your engagement during someone else's wedding, or this might just happen to you...
Interrupt me? Sorry we're booked full
Want to be rude? Fine by me.
Someone got UNO reversed when throwing someones book in the bin.
If you're going to be difficult, could you ring up these other 150 items too?
Dad demands my sister to go out to dinner with him, goes to most expensive restaurant in the city
Hit my car? I'll cover yours in snot.
You want to talk behind my back to my friends and steal my work? Well, guess I'll be rewriting your story too!
Merge on my lane without signal lights twice? Let me return the favor 60 miles later.
Flirt with my ex?
My mom fed a kid to be petty
Give me a shitty shift? Enjoy shitty keys.
Think you own the road? Have fun waiting at the red-light
Doorbell Alarm
She said 'dare'
Mindlessly Tossing Out Your Cigarette? OK, I'll just Toss It Back In!
Dont want to do your part of work ? Then make your own project
From r/funny
Beats me in smash then tries to humiliate me at school. Prepare to get your ass beaten
Don't like me smoking on my own property? Let's get the cops involved!
Your name is in the title of a game? I’ll show you how important you are in it.
Clean the smoke pit
Arrange things backwards? Allow me to inconvenience you.
No. I can’t “hold it.”
Get F*cked bin bag dumper
Flicked a massive ass spider onto my downstairs neighbours balcony.
Not help me and be annoying? Have fun stuck on the toilet !
Close enough to a revenge
You tried to get me fired? Fine, I'll repay the favor.
Small road rage incident...
Petty revenge at 1 years old
You want to deliberately be an inconvenience to my employees. I'll just make the most inconvenient policy to put an end to that.
2 Girl would'nt let us eat so we planned a nice revenge.
Chinese Ebay Merchant Rips me Off - Send him Illegal pics - Let him deal with his Government
Don't even try.
Think you can heckle an old lady and party till 3am without any consequences? Think again.
Here’s your email list
Refuse to be a decent person? Then rub your own urine all over yourself.
Want to be a jerk to your classmates? Enjoy having the shits!
Wanna be impatient with me? Have fun making a presentation on your own.
Food gets switched, she gets hated by everyone in the school
Break my computer? Pay for it yourself
Mock me? Have fun fixing your computer on your own.
How I bullied Brad the bully
You are going to ghost me after I wasted months on you? Okay fine, I'll go date your little brother.
Bullied the bully [x-post from prorevenge]
bully me and get away with it. ill ruin your perfect attendance
I’m gonna get you to say the n-word
Reluctantly returning the favor of sharing a cigarette: goodbye cigarette.
I deleted a local meme page.
You tried to scam me, I'll now cost you money.
Harassed at work, enjoy shit tea
We block each other
Breaking Catholicism with a Question
He Played Himself
Production Manager gives away free stuff - got a big storm coming
You try to get me fired? Well ok fuck you, I'll get you fired instead
Don't touch my food!
Steal my money? Don't worry, I'LL pay YOU back
Making fun of a non-native speaker in front of your English friends? I’ll show what a piece of crap you are.
What Goes Around Comes Around
Disrupt and distract the class for the entire day? Fine, have fun looking for your mouse!
Bail on me again? No more Prime for you.
Trading noise for noise
Bully Steals a Friend, Gets Expelled for Good
You'll have to give my thing back although I won't give your pen back. My grandma really likes that pen.
Want to Be a Crotchety Neighbor? Enjoy Your Free Samples.
If the garbage collectors want to be petty, I will too!
I deleted a gym in Pokemon Go cause the woman that lives near it is a bitch
Petty revenge for an ex fwb
Can't take care of your weeds? Enjoy your new lake.
Someone stole my phone so I bricked it.
Of course you can have some more mayo!
local asshole decided to shit talk me online, so I email my dean about all the drugs and slurs he posts online
Don't want cold pizza? Don't get me pulled over in your shi!t truck.
You don't top up gas here? Try and figure it out anyway!
Vengeance for fallen
Banking app doesn't work. No worries, I'll change my app.
Be rude to me, I’ll flip you off!Break my bike? Have fun paying for it and buying a new tire for your bike.
Serial Cheater Picked the Wrong Geek
On the phone whilst I serve you on till? I'll ask you every question I have in my repertoire.
Dads Friend spites rude women.
The journeyman got revenge for playing his power games.
About as petty as it gets.
Be rude to me and my friends? I'll waste your stock.
I screwed over my horrible roommates
Abuse and fat shame your own daughter? Watch how I destroy your priceless garden.
Be rude to me and I will send you mixed messages
enjoy looking at the same picture all day
Our neighbor steels my bike.
Sit on my backpack? Enjoy wet papers.
Get impatient and shout at me? I’ll slightly over cook your sandwich
A year long wait for a single answer
My mum constantly caused me to nearly throw up, so I return the favour.
Remember not to abuse the essential staff
My Sisters and The Great Instagram Heist
Reap what you sew
Help me to snore
Long time bully finally gets the roast he deserves
Cranky boss gets no dinner
Bully throws a tantrum.....over a chair?
Harass me on the Road? Hope you aren't in a hurry.
Wanna be racist? Then we'll be messy.
Don't like that I studied harder than you? Good luck understanding anything I say to you in future.
How i got rid of my bullys.
Go get gas at another one of the empty pumps crazy people!
Petty revenge witnessed at Walmart Parking lot
Lady sits on our reserved seats,gets denied by vice-principal
Friend accuses me for abusing my dogs
I give my phone to a kid to find out that I have tinder and say that she has it so I should
Want to inconvenience commuters? Fine, let me inconvenience you!
Bitchy boss gets no dinner
Rude lady treats my dad like a slave so he costs her thousands!
My Toxic Friend Got Exposed And Said Nothing Afterwards
My curvy friend embarrassed a fat shamer
Borrow money and don't pay? I'll eat your food and show you the truth
My friend discards my favourite player in a game, I get my revenge.
Bully assaults me so I use Black Fu
Im black and i know kung fu
Hn
Bully gets fecked, and is changed to lier for life.
Don't leave your food unattended when your being a jerk
Don't Call Me Brutus... And Don't Give A List Of Names As Accompilaces.
Keep smoking? We're turning the music up
Needs petty revenge idea
Call me fat? I'll show you fat!
Want Me To Come To Church Under Any Circumstance? Fine!
Got some sweet revenge on a cousin who stole from me.
Petty Poisoned Dr Pepper Revenge
Call me fat, wait 30 minutes to get your fried Chicken.
My 3rd grade bully threatened to have her uncle kill me the way I got back at her is amazing.
Neighbor who's a nurse laughed about my cancer. Now she's moving out.
GFs sister steals my condoms so I give her a graduation card
Teacher screams at me and makes me get him a cup of tea, ends up losing his job.
Mustang kept parking in my parking spot that I pay for.
I need a help destroying prank caller
The Fork Incident.
Lady with anger issues has to do extra work because she got mad at me
Make us late for our date? Enjoy a basement full of middle school girls hyped up on energy drinks.
Blame me for your cheating because I didn't do your laundry? Okay.
Wreck our careers? We'll wreck your reputation.
Poster starts with the tl;dr in the top of the post, have a downvote.
Poster starts writhe the tl:dr, have a downvote.
Stomp? Yell? Cool, I'll sing
Mess up my career progress? We'll mess up your entire reputation.
Ditched a guy at a convenience store
Annoy me and my friends for months? Guess you won’t be needing your toy!
My mom takes my Xbox I make it useless
Man Buys all the chicken in the restaurant cause he hears the woman behind him refer to him as fat
11 year old step brother barred me from his Xbox. Would like petty revenge because I don't like him and his family.
Where are your manners?
Keep us up with your loud bachelorette party, prepare to wake up early.
My sister got them back
Ruined GOT for my parents. (No Spoilers)
Bully me? Get a phone thrown at you. (:
Increasing his saltiness
We drank all the alcohol and left the empty bottles in the fridge/liquor cabinet
A moment of Awesome
You buy my supplies out and you sell it for more will get ready.
I warn a person to stop violating a rule, she ping the moderator, saying that I'm violating a rule and got kicked out
Tired
You Call Me The Wrong Name For Three Years, How About I Ruin Your Relationship With Your Daughter
Steal my 15 seconds of fame? Lose a prized possession.
Bus Driver refuses to allow jerk on his bus
Father is annoying when I take a bath see how he likes it
Fat kid rubs nasty Dorito fingers, say goodbye to gym clothes
The underclassmen and the thermostat
Package thief strikes again so I keyed his car.
Talk through the whole movie, I'll waste a few minutes of your time.
Junk food is sacred.
Messing with douchebag tourists
Take things up to the top? My pleasure!
Redditor abuses report function, gets comments removed.
Police officer in NYC laughs when I try being polite so I made him regret it.
Girl spits drink in my face so I ruin her dress.
My father has been making me miserable for all of my life so I’m about to pull an uno reverse card.
Kick my friend have a nice suspension
My old insurance agent was rude when I switched my car insurance, so my dad moved all of his policies from under him, tooFriend Stole Corgi Name...
Wanna lean on my car? It’s alright, my key fob has an alarm button.
morning coffee revenge
Preemptively slashing a thiefs tires.
Asshole teacher gets what he deserved
Burned a lady's hand for being rude.
Ex tried to spread rumors about me, ruined her reputation with the truth
Lady almost makes us crash into her over a parking spot so we get some petty revenge.
Stranger sneezes in my face, fails to apologise so I scuff his new shoes
Try to deny us using vacation time? Good luck getting around FMLA
Make me a third wheel, I'll make you a fanfic
Petty Revenge During a Girl Scout Sleepover
[meta] Please stop acronyms
Don't even text me back when I ask for a shift covered? Allow me to use this new info against you!
I hate the person buying my house. I want to make it awful for them when they move in. Ideas??
"I don't work here, lady. So now you don't get to work here, lady"
Uber Driving A Revenge on Ex
Rowdy teens refuse to be quiet during a long car ride. So Dad kicks them out of the car.
Take things up to your superior? My pleasure.
Try to mess up my report? Well get fired dumba**
Toilet trouble
Say's the one who had more than 5 late assignments
I need your help UK Redditors
Think you can spam me hate mail on Dark Souls II and get away with it? How about I make your PvP experience a living hell.
How Far Will She Go?
Cancelled my ex girlfriend's Windows license
Just some dumb revenge on some tattle
Ride up my ass as I pull out of my complex?? Have fun snailing it down the entire stretch of the road.
how i quit my job as a server making less than ~$15 a night under crappy management
Soda Fountain
Don’t want to pay cheap bills cause you’re cheap as hell? I’ll make you pay something.
Wanna scam me? Allow me to overload your inbox
Just Move the Dang Motorcycle
Don't like that im bisexual? Then on you're own will, get beat up by a kid who dosent even know me!
Granting an unhappy coworker's wish...
Take my cheese? Have fun losing your video games.
Fellow petty revengers, what’s the best way to deal with people who are on their speakerphones in public places?
Put in unripe Avocados in the Guacamole when you know it's too hard? Alright, enjoy the biggest unriped piece of Avocado.
He’d tell you if he saw anything.... heh
Being a pretentious butthole and yelling at me and my dog about your wall for no reason? Now it's in my dog's walking route.
To be honest I would've done worse
Con Me Out Of My Money? Okay, Fail your Final Exam
Sketchy car dealer, bought a car next door.
Not quite petty revenge on a bully.
Steal my Cheezits? Enjoy replacing everything in that locker!
I dropped a diss track on someone who stole from me
RIP your phone...
Can you hurry up?
Another Elevator Story
Mess up my sandwich, I’ll mess up your job
a very wet story???
owners PA keeps snitching on me. ok. fine
Sign that motherfucking check with your name on it, and the handwriting on it better match!
Need Help!
Interrupt my smoke break, good luck getting that picture
I guess I'll clean....
Make sure to use soap
Beated my abuser.
Lie To Me And Take My Money? Enjoy getting banned from school property
Little revenge
Board of Directors take down
Nasty neigbours evicted
Conditioning my aunt
How Good Are Your Brakes? I'm Glad They Work!
Want to give your credit info on speaker phone in a restaurant? Let me make sure I got that right.
Steal $4, get grounded &amp; licked
A bitch of a cow claims our seat and calls me rude, I destroy her ass
OP kicks out roommate who doesn't pay the rent (And later threatens OP's life)
Don't be a suspect and you won't get caught
Asserting dominance.
Tailgate me? I wouldn't mind to slow down below the speed limit
You’re not my friend
Can’t wash the dishes? Then no more dishes for you
Don't pay me what you owe? You're going to lose a lot of business
Don't imagine your attempt at revenge will go unreported
My step-brother's an idiot, so it wasn't hard to get revenge.
NarcoPath, Your Karma will be a INFJ protecting her family.
Casino Kevin so annoying I am not the only one who wants petty revenge.
You want to mess up the other residents' nights by ordering extra desserts? Fine, good luck eating it.
Spank me... enjoy being kicked in the balls on daily bases
Log in under my extension? Enjoy a shit ton of political marketing emails!
Fine, take my iPad. Have fun sleeping!
my uncle pulled a reverse uno on the whole ass family
Wanna honk at me? I'll return the courtesy.
Pizza trousers
Annoy me my entire school life? Enjoy another alert in the same week
Hope whatever you were doing on your cell phone was worth it! Haha
Emo abuses nerds locker in rage. Nerd gets revenge on the wrong person but gets the Emo 10x harder.
Take your time
Try to get free art? Okay.
Boss gets me fired, so I also get her fired.
See me jogging for the elevator and pressed the close button? Fine, I'll make you wait a bit more.
I get petty revenge on a bitch in my class(reposted because the first seemed to be glitched)
Don't want to pay me what was promised in your ad? Have fun losing all your money.
You bully me I humiliate you in front the of the whole class
When Brothers Annoy You
My petty revenge on entitled family members.
Don't annoy those who have more computer skills than you do
Here, have some free jelly!
Never mess with a mechanicYou're going to regret ever abusing me.
want me to pay asap and wont stop bothering me? ok. have fun counting!
Payback burrito
Petty Change-making
Actually, I can make change.
Content creator gets revenge on homophobe.
Turn off your headlights.
I don't know what happened to your pokemon save file.
Dude on Xbox harassing people and accusing me for being a pedophile..
My roommate ate my leftovers that’s I was saving. So the next morning before he left for work I made him a coffee and crushed up a viagra in it. Said he didn’t leave his desk until 3pm.
The shoulder is not a lane
How my petty revenge took the life of an EntitledBrat in a downward spiral.
Former friend of mine got me in trouble so I banned his tik tok account
Cry
Want free pizza? Join a damn rewards program instead of wasting my time.
My Terrible School
Make my second grade year a living hell? Of course I want to remember you!
Leave your loud ass ticking time-bomb of a dog on your balcony by itself? Okay let me set it off.
Hot and sweaty petty party started today. The only question is, will it take days or the last two months on the lease for her to figure it out?
Thanks for passing me, asshole. Enjoy the toll bridge.
Don't be a dick about my weird habits.
Girls are Disgusting
Embarrass me in front of my friends, I'll embarrass you in front of the airport
So here"'s a short one.
PITA Fee
Drive like a jerk in the neighborhood? Enjoy your parking ticket and my mastiff’s watery turds.
Spring cleaning with a side of petty revenge.
Hate my hair?
Pulled over for giving the bird but I don't have a middle finger
Friend decided to go sober and wouldn’t stop bragging about it.
Don't Fuck With The Fatman
Revenge REQUEST: My friend posted some shit on my Facebook (I left it open), I have his phone number
Premium Snapped
Psychopath scarred me, so I take revenge with his crush
Won't you be my neighbor?
Suck it David
Entitled Brat is rude to me and an old lady on the bus. A bit of Petty Revenge.
Getting Back At Kayla Winter 2145800784
You stood up and humiliated a girl because she was a "fat bi***"? Let's see how you feel being humiliated.
Thanks for blocking me! It only makes me feel like I got under your skin.
Whole school gets petty
I love when people blocks me, makes me feel like I won.
Least Favorite Child/Soon to be Petty Revenge?
You get me drunk I puke on your bed!
'Friend' steals my account, I get him banned
Ruin our garden? hope you love an uno reverse card!
Play your games too loud, fine how about no internet.
I take Instagram unfollows seriously
Want my pizza? You can wear it then!
Bully gets karma
Don’t TEST my pettiness
You boasted about humiliating a girl because she was "fatter" than her photos? Let's see how you feel about it happening to you.
The time someone couldn't wait 5 minutes, so I made them wait an hour.
Revenge is a dish best served bitter.
Hate my hair?
Crazy Racist Latina Roommate Steals From MeI Give Her a Taste of Her Own Medicine.
A voice of wisdom (or lack-thereof)
Insult me? Give me $100.
Get on my nerves? Hope you like repeating a year...
Karen really didn't like tuna. Now she is afraid of canned food.
Subway worker is a bitch
Ex-Fiancee can suck it
Messing with my PC so only I can understand what it is saying
FIL thinks everything is his to use or do with as he pleases.
Discriminate against me for my hearing? Okay, well you should make sure your son isn’t trying to fuck girls on campus first.
Turn up your music and leave for the day just to be an asshole? Don’t worry, I’ll make you listen to your own music all night, neighbor.
Wanna green bean?
Dude, chill!
Insult me? I'll take $100.
What to be a** on the plane two can play like that
Hate my hair?
Don’t piss off the people that handle your food
So you won't leave until your stuff is in your van? Ok!
Skin bleaching? I’ll do you one better!
Yell at me to speed up at 6 am? Watch as I slow time!
You want to be a ass on the airplane. You’ll get the same treatment
Revenge On A Bully
How I got my tenured college professor fired as revenge!
My revenge on a guy who said hi to me lol
Fail me for stupid reasons? I’ll graduate with high honors!
Friend with Benefit gets some pretty revenge
Shut the door on me? Have a taste of your own medicine.
Help me. Ex owes me money, I have her net banking details, how do I transfer what she owes me plus interest out of her account with her knowing I did it?
Zipper merge almost disaster
Girl cuts me in line so I cut her &amp; her friends
Kill my minecraft dog. I’ll make you a special gift
Cheat on me wth your “best friend”? Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned
You called me fat? Wait 30 minutes for your chicken
Cocky guy gets instant karma in basketball game
Good luck sleeping, Garry
Entitled kid takes the cheetos that I want, I will take the last sour cream and onion chips
A Tale of Three Uncles
Man in Indonesia buys all the fried chicken in store to spite customer who called him fat
Crazy neighbour gets arrested and family has to leave the area
Do Not Block Diesel Pumps
Being the bigger person
Idiot cant see behind him, gets birdseeds and bird shit all over his car
Ideas for petty revenge?
Be inconsiderate, good luck finding your washing!
The District Shall Fall!Call me a liar and a thief but in the same breath you ask me for a favor? That's not going to turn out how you planned.
Posting here from r/prorevenge as it wasn’t mean enough. (Long) Cocky best mate gets taught a lesson when it comes to boasting on a date...
Stop stealing food, or else things are gonna get messy.
That one time I unintentionally poisoned my bully
A story of a Smelly, Lazy, Lying Worker
A teacher stood me up in front of the class because I failed a test. Then he ran into me 4 years later.
Call me lazy? Hope your pasta tastes good.
When you serve a-hole customers
Idk if this is bullying
Laughing at my grandfather’s funeral
Cheat on me for the entire year of our relationship? Watch me sabotage your dates through stand up.
Unintentional Petty Revenge on my Roommate and his Friend
You shove me in front of my mom? Ok, have fun!
Got mad
Car seller wouldnt return my deposit
UMG get petty revenge
He tried to destroy my channel, so I destroyed his.
Don't Cut at Kickball
You disrespect me AND make me lose money? Have fun designing your house.
Kid at my school came to school, everyone hated him. I was his only friend, kid became cool and is a dick to me. I renamed an Instagram account his account name and forged messages of his gay confession to me, that fucked up his reputation a little bit.
Talk about me hope you dont like social media
The 1 hour call that changed my life..
football game leads to speech about balls (the ones you play football with)
Don't taunt in front of me!
No free fries for you!
Most Satisfying Revenge Of My Life
Entitled Sister Wont let me to party okay guess i will ruin it
Acting as if you’re better than me, you don’t get hired.
Get suspended for a little prank
Parking for Pennies
Delete My Favorite Game I Will Delete All Games
Bully a autistic kid and threat me? Have fun being expelled.
Abusive Teacher Gets A Reality Check
Solved the keyboard problem.
Tried to get my car towed, gets his instead
my 6 year old sister gets revenge for her and her friend.
Want to be rude to me, I’ll just pay your grandson to follow your exact instructions.
I exposed a girl for having fake followers on instagram
fat parent eats all the food in the buffet and karma gets her
How i scammed the scammer
{RE-POST WITH BETTER FORMAT} mess with me and my friends? Face the wrath of lime green ink
Entitled a$$hole parks in disabled bay (NSFW)
Nudes press over Snapchat
MLM Scammer Texts Wrong Number, Learns Lesson
A plan foiled
My breath smells? Oh yeah, well you belong in Special-ed
Alright, you be rude while I get revenge.
Make me do pointless shopping? Ok. Enjoy missing kids.
Revenge on Ex
Using Waze as a weapon...
PEOPLE LIKE YOU CAN’T HAVE DRESSES LIKE THAT
Scooter kid gets some payback
can somebody help me hack a girl’s snapchat? she’s cheating on my best friend
Taxi driver doesn't need your fare
90 y/o PaPu (grandfather) email hacked.
The Neighbors dog ended up dead because of a stupid reason.
No Fries For You!
90 y/o Papu (grandfather) hacked
Put my ex in debt
Douchebag is a douchebag to my friends and I, he doesn't get his smokes back.
I drugged my brother to play the PS4
Person twisted words so I twists hers
Want me to clean that bio mess? Enjoy the fallout.
Spamming the scammer
Using Waze as a weapon...
Annoy me? I'll try to inconvenience you. Try to inconvenience me? I'll get mom mad at you.
My wasteful coworker doesn't even realize she's recycling!
Annoy me all year? Face the wrath of green ink.
Friend blows off day planned because I was talking to my nan
I did not think that I had this in me..
Neighbour threw their dog poo in my yard.
My neighbor is a teenager and I can't stand him
Woke me up I’ll keep you from watching tv.
Don't forget your cigarette butt!
Constantly annoy IT? Want a new phone? Sure!
My brother doesn’t let me have my drink?
Friend is Butt, So I Very Much Scare Him!
A mild inconvenience
Your gonna make me miss class? Gonna waste your time too.
How to end a toxic relation
My French Teacher Who Hates Me and Our War Of Pettiness
Awful teacher and bullies get what they deserve...
Confronted my bully and felt okay about that even though my classmates thought I was the one in the wrong
Cheat on me and think you're off the hook because nobody knows about it? Enjoy having your story shared to the masses!
Bully thwarted by 15 minutes of Google research
I was pissed.
Don't give a shit about your employees? Ok, I'll take them. All.
Hhh
I led an entitled asshole on a wild goose chase
Abuse me and (possibly) cheat on me? Good luck seeing your favourite band.
Just saw my ex last week at JFK
Need extra sauce, you got it.
Trying to hide your insults? Lemme know how that works for you
Asshole scammer dad gets a dildo in the mail from his son. Can't prove credit card fraud.
My dad’s revenge (TDLR at the bottom)
School rations peanut butter
Soggy piss shoes
Happy To Oblige
I stuck my coworkers straw in my ass when no one was looking
Don't ride my ass while I'm keeping up with the follow of traffic.That’s my dryer old lady!!!
New hat for me or dead garden for you.
Entitled neighbor gets a fraction of what he deserves
Old Woman Thinks Sidewalk Is Her Property
Bus Driver refuses to let delicious coffee on board, so I get her punished by her boss
My parking spot, always
Almost hit me wth the Bus? I'll take your Job Thank You.
Moving out with ALL my stuff.
Reddit, I need your help: some teens pushed my mother and called her names without me being there to defend her. How can I get my revenge on them without being caught and them being humiliated. I have ther instagram, as my sister was with my mother and knows them. I can get their adress.
Threaten to assault me at work? Enjoy tasting my sweaty asshole with your morning coffee.
A matter of inches
Mess with the best and your shoes will get wet.
A cats revenge
Passive aggressive pizza man Vs. Customers who ordered 5 mins before closing.
Welp that backfired
How can I low key bother my neighbor?
Come outside
Enjoy Your Porn, Walter
Necessary Evil
a yogurt for a yogurt
Need help getting revenge
Revenge...On An Alpaca.
family discount my A**
Chicken wing ain’t no thing
Sysco driver blocking cars in gets blocked in the next week.
Hold me to Standards? That's fine, if I can return the favor.
Chicken wing ain’t no thing
I guess truth HURTS when you're a cunt
What petty revenge can I take?
Girl keeps looking, but make it gross for her
Annoying classmate annoys me but the teacher told on his parents.
Your a pro? THEN PROVE IT
A hilarious little revenge on a university prank
Steal 3 hours of my day... enjoy your totaled vehicle.
Slap Me? I good luck getting home.
Revenge on the office troll for a good cause.
SHE TOOK THE HOUSE, THE DOG AND 400k BUT I STILL CONTROL THE THERMOSTAT
Step sister cooks food with mine and my mom's appliances, doesn't offer us anything.
Talk racist trash about me and my friend? I'll destroy your phone and he'll key your car!
So, there's this girl I hate that can't stand me 'chewing my fingers.'Gotta be honest, it was some easy revenge.
I saw you leave it.
Evil Teacher Gets Fired And Publicly Shamed
Naked revenge.
Rubbed my bear ass all over MY bed
Sweet Revenge
Get students who hate you to clean your car? What could go wrong.
I hid chicken in my brothers closet.
SHE TOOK THE HOUSE, THE DOG AND 400k BUT I STILL CONTROL THE THERMOSTAT
SHE TOOK THE HOUSE, THE DOG AND 400k BUT I STILL CONTROL THE THERMOSTAT
Make us waste ingredients by making your order 3 times? Enjoy your extra special crust.
Steal My Cheetos, Enjoy Pain
Person I hate trusted me with secret
We didn't have ice cream and complained and my parents said that the store was closed.
got back at my sis
I quit my job today, and left a parting gift that will keep on giving
Students and Teachers get revenge on Entitled Principle
Supportive Grandma Defends Me from my Entitled Parents
Cuts me off on the freeway, forced to stay in the wrong lane.
Creep on my sister? Enjoy your phone.
Stop and smell the roses pt2
You hit me with the ball I beat you with it
Have Fun Paying For That :)
Asshole driver meets milkshake
Kill me 20 times I get rid of 3 hours of work on Minecraft
Hide my textbook? Wouldnt it be a pity if you got an F because of it?
SHE TOOK THE HOUSE, THE DOG AND 400k BUT I STILL CONTROL THE THERMOSTAT
Aunt makes fun of me for walking funny, I laugh when she trips.
Entitled neighbours get arrested for Child abuse, Animal abuse, and for leaving their child, getting almost run over.
I really want to get revenge against someone
Some Kid Steals My Mustang In Roblox
Screw over my reputation? Dont worry, I'll get you back.
Keep me and my roommates up all night before final exams? Enjoy being single
Refuse to count two dollars in quarters in dimes? Then count five dollars in pennies
Embarrass your mother in front of her friends, expect nothing less in return.
You just wasted your time, even tho you cut the line.
Shove people aside to get on the train before others? Nope.
Glued Someone's Chair In Sixth Grade...No Regrets
You keep me up late I’ll wake you up early
Just getting back at a bully
Take a pic of me without my permission? I will take a worse pic of you and make it my snap story and send to the same people you were trying to send a pic of me to.
Sister thinks she rules the PlayStation I bought cause she's older than me.
Steal My Sandwich? Be prepared to eat something horrible.
Ex-friend tried to steal my bestie's boyfriend
Butter Fingers
How I Got a Notorious Copycat Caught in the Act
Littering neighbors
Cheat on me then play the victim? Have fun getting your child support increased!
[NSFW] Stinky dick hand on my face? Have a load of cum.
Use me for your personal gain? I sneak a little something on your PC
Pizza delivery guy says tip is too low, ends up getting fired
Implement a rule like r/ProRevenge discouraging "casts" or character lists w/ complicated abbreviations.
Oh, you won’t go in those conditions?
Tuition Teacher SLAPS Me and then tries to play it of ! I get Revenge and she then leaves me alone.
Yell at me for cigarettes? Enjoy prison.
Petty revenge on a high school bully jock
My neighbor's son locked himself outside buck naked and I got revenge by doing nothing at all.
Make something delicious smelling for dinner? Two can play at that game.
Hate garlic? Got it!
Something short and sweet.
Try to lie to get me into trouble? All of you Robux will be gone!Grosses revenge from a child
Please leave or suffer
Bully relentlessly picks on me, over and over, then accuses me of rape. I'm a Girl.
Wake up my baby? Pay the price.
Leave your cart in a empty parking space? Enjoy waiting for me to move that cart of yours.
4th grade bullying story.
I deleted English
A US Army technician rocks the good ole boy boat (repost(
[META] r/ProRevenge has a new rule, "No use of acronyms or initials in character names"
Woman parks in my property (kinda), sits in her car with her door wide open, and yells at me when my great dane walks up to her. She will park around my house regularly, so any other petty revenge suggestions would be appreciated! :D
Throw water on me for no reason? Enjoy a wet bag
Tell people personal information about me. Have fun being a socialoutcast
Annoy everyone with swords ? TIME TO-D-D-D-DUEL !
I make sure my school bully gets into trouble
Ammo Armageddon
Minecraft style revenge
Charge your own family for a drink? Get your stolen fruit fed to you.
bully me? Have fun losing all your friends!
“Karen blocked the entrance to the door of the car, so I block her car.
Want my parking spot? Stop acting like you’re 12
"tHiS iS nOt A qUiEt SpAcE"
Want to be a pain in the ass...fine, we'll ignore you!
Humiliate me? Embarrass me? How about I do the same to you.
My friend tried to ear rape me I used the same tactic but much louder
Lying freshman gets karma
Petty revenge at the water park.
Want to collect my phone? Prepare to get your night ruined
Hack my account and cause me lots of stress and panic? Enjoy my gift to you then.
I friccing DESTROY my mom
Theft Is Easily A Two Way Street
Nearly take my account and cause me extreme stress on my already full plate? Enjoy your gift, then.
You shouldn't pretend that someone else's property is yours.
Found out how to shut off my sister’s internet access
Neighbours dumped construction garbage on my property.
Badass dad gets tired of bully and beats him
Blames me for everything? Get my saliva covered balloon
6025279847
Procuro vingança
Bully my cat? GET WATER GUNNED IN THE FACE AND CRY!
Berate me for your mistakes? Enjoy your new fragrance
Asking for revenge suggestions on a shop owner
Successful Hijacking of a Facebook Page Threatening Apostates of my Faith
We don’t clean just because you cooked
My mischevious grandma
Pelt My Older Brother With Rock Snowballs Enjoy My Mom's Wrath
Make fun of my heelys? I'm with the girl you like.
How I woke up my teachers for collecting my phone
Try to steal my Spotify? Prepare for a music battle
Always snitch on ME? Well let me snitch back on you.
Dealer doesn't want to negotiate, even though I showed my hand first
I blew up my cousin’s house.
Stealing my stuff
Is It Hot Enough Now
STOP STEALING MY MILK
Delete my friends project? Get photoshopped
So y'all don't wanna flush?!
Want to smack my ass every gym day how about no
Bully me? Prepare for the Slap of Truth
Help guys. I gotta get revenge on me mom.
Hid is AirPods in plain sight.
My thoughts on the different revenge subreddits
You don’t let me sleep, I don’t let you sleep either
Worst student i've ever had
Revenge ideas?
Wanna screw me over? I'll make your life slightly inconvenient.
My 15 Hour Flight Revenge to little Miss I Want My Aisle Seat...
AITA for not being a coat rack?
Take up two staff parking spaces??? Have a few carts as well!
Some kid from my school knocks on my door everyday to annoy me. What should i do for petty revenge
Paranoid somebody might get in front of you? This will really piss you off.
Make my life miserable at work... I marry the boss and have you fired!
Patience is a virtue
All in good fun.
The asshole at Costco will be making some new friends
Bloody Thursday
Assume the money is your tip? Let me correct you
Need ideas - false rape accusation
I smacked my bully in the face with a tennis racquet
Steal my pizza? Eat disgusting dog water pizza!
Teacher tells us that we are going to DIE so she gets fired because of us.
I'll do it back
I turned the Internet against an asshole who screwed me over.
Equal rights for everyone!
Guy owes a million dollars so I humiliate him in front of his family over and over again.
Steal my headphones? I'll send you home
Asshole BMW at McD's
Rich boss gets back at entitled employees
Bro jobs = good vibes
Landlord and neighbour from Hell.
Splash water on me? Two can play at that game
Scammer beaten in his own game
Ignore the fact my friend has cerebral palsy, we make the bus ride a pain up the arse
Bad egg driving very fast at 6:00 AM
[Seeking Advice] What is the equivalent to 30 pieces of silver?
Want to be an asshole and try to force me out of a public parking spot? I can be even more petty than you
Negotiate then leave? Your camel's now mine.
Rude kid gets my petty revenge
3 hours of leaf blower sounds
Try to scam an orthodontist? Brace yourself, choosing beggar.
Be a snob? Listen to my stories thenMy mom pissed off her college roommate.... or should I say... pissed ON her college roommate!
File a safety violation to be petty? I too am also petty.
Ignore the fact my friend has cerebral palsy we make the but ride a pain up the arse.
My school takes my property I move theirs
"Lemme skip!" Sure.
Telemarketer revenge
Do let my post be posted because its a video?Have fun with all my post reports!
Upstairs neighbor drives almost insane as he is.
"Oh crap"
Fuck my bf? I'll ruin your chances of getting class president
Kill our dog with your car. We destroy your car.
FFS, everyone knows not to fuck with me - The story of how I took down two of my school's staff and threatened one's job security in one school year.
Getting a small amount of revenge on my irritating roommate!
FFS, everyone knows not to fuck with me - The story of how I took down two of my school's staff and threatened one's job security in one school year.
"I may not have gotten what I wanted, but it sure felt good."
Take my planes? Take your time.
This from way back
Don't do anything but mess around all school year? Then I'm not helping you on your team test.
Sandwitch revenge
Working at a comic book store can be satisfying
Shitty neighbor revenge ideas
Best friend got scammed, teamed up to take scammer down
Insist I’m in the wrong seat and refuse to move? I can play that game
Show 'em How to Burlesque
Roommate constantly stealing food
Called me stupid, so I am.
Make my sister cry? No cookies for you.
Now get barfed on
The story of a National Guard Technician who rocked the good ole boy boat
kindda weak
Not putting up with bad environments...i'll just leave thanks
Blast loud music all night long every night? Get evicted.
Quit sending rude jokes on company email, you dumb idiot.
Try to skive off during work? Enjoy having no breaks then.
revenge on ex's fwb
Dont Allow Me to have gum? Enjoy not having Anymore!
Schooling the school bully
Boss fails to make me stay a week longer after quitting
seeking revenge on stranger who slept with ex (help needed)
Users of Reddit - Help me out
Seeking revenge on hoe who slept with ex knowing he was attached (help needed)
Reject my request for 2 hours sick leave?
Revenge on girl who slept with my ex (help needed)
When i pissed in someones backpack
Little dick on discord gets what he fuckin deserves
When my wife fucks me off, I tighten all the jar lids in our kitchen cupboard before i go to work.
Former, terrible coworker begged for support for his Youtube Career. When I said no, he berated me with insults. I decided to give his YouTube videos some "publicity".
Got 'em Both
Dirty roommate is facing the realities of the pig stye he lives in
You Deserve Each Other - A Family's Revenge.
Late rentpayment petty revenge.
Use Me For Sex Me and My Boyfriend Will Burn Your Shit
Revenge of the Sixth
Steal My Food Ok, Have Fun Fixing your Chairs in the Morning
Want to take my stuff? Enjoy having wet clothes.
I was in such a good mood before this guy decided to ruin my day
Revenge is my game
I know this is a place to talk about revenge. How about a place to get advice for revenge?
Dont think listening to me is important? Hope you like vinegar in your smoothie!
From Microsoft, you say? Faulty connection, you say?
kid smashes ball at my eye gets revenge
Principal threats my little sister's safety, he got the shock of his life.
Old School BBS Game Revenge
Harass Me all night. Have fun looking for a Job $200 short
Ban me from your minecraft server? Have fun not graduating.
Pretending to be a scammer to prank me? Get pranked back until you change your phone number
Bully gets what's coming to him
Person cries when I follow instructions.
The Horse Races
Some random guy lost 250+ hours of his life
Threaten the safety of my kids, expect retaliation
Planned Revenge against petty coworker.
When Life Gives You Lemons...
Spammed me with E-Mails, so I subscribed you to A bunch of online magazines.
Revenge of the Band Geek
Steal My Yearbook. Get Defaced.
New Yorkers tend to stick together despite our hateful nature... (petty revenge for someone else)
Keep stupid comments to yourself in public, please...
Baseball Karma
Call Code Enforcement on my Dad? Fine. Just be prepared to get the same treatment.
Realestate agents rent payment system
My dog pulled a petty revenge on me.
My petty revenge
Kid kept screaming in my ears. Gets suspended.
When Life Gives You Lemons...
revenge on my neighbor
Call Code Enforcement on my Dad sure, just make sure you have no violations either.
Very petty but still makes me smile to this day.
The Petty Poop Revenge
Hope you enjoy your alarm!
Use half my mom's savings on her card because she ate my snacks
My friend out-crooks a crooked towing company and, surprisingly, has the last laugh
Grandma’s revenge
Complain about my work uniform? I’ll show you why I wear it!
Spite pizza
Got revenge without lifting a finger
I told my parents that my older brother lost his virginity and he got some nasty revenge on me.
Short but VEEERY petty
Make a mess of my house? No TV for you!
Sis won't share, wny going crazy for an hourTwo Truckers Stick It To Some Idiots On The HighWay
You want my data, take it!
Need ideas to get revenge!
Dog Poop Revenge-Probably Gross
My mom wanted to smoke inside the house knowing I'm sensible to smoke, welp, I'm not taking that shit
Borrow and deliberately lost my stationary,now you need to buy new stationary every single day
“We’re going to fire you for “just a feeling” “
Ex cheats on me in a particularly douche-y way. Not a lot of people irl know or care about it and he thinks he’s off the hook, so I spent two hours writing this post for the sole purpose of it reaching the masses.
Your Ice Cream is Now Mine
Retrieved my thrown out art
Spoiled Game of Thrones for my ex-girlfriend who is a die hard GOT Fan
My roommate doesn't pull his weight with chores, so I sabotaged the only one he does
Don’t let me merge in front of you?
Teacher tries to make an example out of me...and fails...I think
my food, get your own
What’s Petty? Like, Where’s the line?
My sister stole my phone and took selfies so I stole hers and filled up her iPhone storage.
My brother is being a dick, so I reward him with more work.
you are a grown man
I spoiled the end of Game of Thrones for the person who spoiled endgame to me.
Undo My Existence?
My friend's revenge.
Won't return my security deposit? Enjoy your unusable email account.
Abuse me as a helpless child? Enjoy your dirty dishes.
Edgy 15-year-old kid wants to burn forests, I expose him on Reddit and then threatens me with tracking me down
Lie to me about that “work” trip? Cool. Have fun driving when you get back.
Insult me at the Urinal? Enjoy explaining to the cop.
You can’t park here, have an extra shopping cart
An immigrant thief stole your $400 sunglasses? Thats unfortunate
Don't rush me!
Stole a kids favorite LEGO
bully me and almost break my hand enjoy watching the other kids ply in the playground
May we stop with the cringy titles? (NOT REVENGE)
Don’t Invite Me to my Best Friend’s Surprise B-Day Party? I’ll Throw my Own.
Some times The "Bad" Guy Wins
Asshole employee finally gets what they deserve
A field trip
Caused me to be on crutches for a week? Have a free chewed gum everyday,
No More Cheese For You
I made my last year of community college a living Hell for the guy who beat me in a student government election
Diss track on my hoe ass uncle
My sister put tooth paste in my oreo and revenge was sweet
My boss is 100% on board with my petty revenge plan.
The tire change
Phone deletion revenge
Short story
I remember the $2 bill you stole
Me and friends on siege spot a pedophile cop hacker and decided to make an investigation
I was in the shower first!
Surprise text
Modern problems require modern solutions
Short-shift me during a hockey game; enjoy cold and wet shoes.
My aunt and uncle finally see the bridges they burned
What can you do at 14 if you stole an autistic kid's phone and your stepmom whooped you on your behind with a wooden brush?
POS neighbors
Old bully gets laughed at
Take my drinks? I took your fridge.
Don't let us play D&amp;D. Ok.
Sister wouldn't let me have chocolate pudding, so when my parents asked what I wanted after surgery, my answer was...
my car isn't empty
Don't want to keep the noise down? Well, we won't either!
Kids aren't allowed to get dirty? Go and play in a puddle
Forks.
I need ideas for some sweet petty revenge on brother
Tailgating? Why don't I give you some free wiper fluid?
Leave Yer Hair In The Shower? Have fun peeling it off your bottle of body-wash!
The monkey is in the swimming pool
Girl accused me of sexual harassment, lost all friends and had to move
Girl Puts Feet Up On Our Chairs. Her Mistake ;)
Kid breaks my glasses and gives me a nose bleed, but gets expelled from school
If you're a leech who doesn't pay rent, probably try to be nice to the people who do.
I make sure transphobic ex-friend doesn't get the job she applied for
Thank you for your donation
Lady hates kids, goes to area designated for kids to be kids
Awwww.. did the whiplash hurt your shins?
My ex best friend failed petty revenge.
Bully me and my friends? Get suspended and held back a year.
Don’t be mean to people who know your deep dark secret!!
Think you can rip off my BF for $500 then file stalking &amp; harassment charges against him? Think again.
Come to my birthday uninvited? Enjoy your mother knowing what you do on the internet.
Bad mouth my husband and I after taking you and your baby in? Have fun with absolutely no help now and a police escort off my property
Be a racist? Say bye to your plants
narcissistic girl gets what she deserved
Treats employee like crap, unknowingly goes against their own religion.
my treehouse
Get me muted? Enjoy your perm ban. And losing a good 500+ dollars.
Make fun of me for getting hickeys? Your fiance has my back
Revenge on minecraft hater
Be a jerk? Let me ruin your concert.
Be a jerk? Let me ruin your concert.
Try to ruin the show for me, perfect, that gum will cost you $200.
Toilet Swimsuit for beef jerky... seems fair
condom story
Try to cut me off after you’ve honked your horn at me multiple times in heavy traffic? Not gonna happen
Lady let’s her dog shit on our lawn every morning. I decide to mess with her.
The French-English dictionary thief
Call my Carne Asada plate Cat meat and saying it's overpriced? Fine, enjoy your salad sans taco.
soap thief
Friend took a bite of my burger. He couldn't find his work shoes for a week
Accidentally corrupted 7zip file trying to remove password. fixer can keep the videos for research purposes(lol)Lie about me out of spite and try to get me sacked? Enjoy unemployment you vindictive shit.
Try to get me fired? Ok, I’ll quit and get you fired.
Use my stuff after I asked you to stop? Have fun with your rash
Dont pay me for fixing your car and run away? Lets see how you like what I do next when you return
"Love me", do you? Let's see what the Vice Principal thinks of that.
Revenge on a principal
Kid called me stupid, I pretended to cry
Big guy slams 4 beers on a 3 hour flight and has no sense of personal space or etiquette
The Love Triangle No One Needed
College Papers In High School Driving Me Off The Deep End
Get audio file from a movie or something of a bloody murder or severe beating, then connect and crank the volume so everyone calls the cops
Revenge on a bully.
Entitled jerk wouldn’t move from the doorway so I gave him the boot
Revenge a Friend got on me
"my finger slipped"
Refuse me cooking? Enjoy starving for 8 hours
I got the sprite
Demanding Social Worker bites herself in the ass.
Is there a good text bomb site
I am fluent in “Dovazhul” (the Dragon-tongue)
I made one of my old coworkers eat his own puke.
Sorry, I can’t sell you that without your ID. I don’t care if your face is wrinkly.
The three things that I've learned from this subreddit
Kid Tells my friends to Shut the fuck up. Gets what he deserves.
I lied about somebody being a racist, and humiliated him.
Hold me to Standards? That's fine, if I can return the favor.
Friend cuts some of my hair. FEEL THE WRATH OF A BALD SPOT
You don't get credit if you don't do the work
Take my batteries? Fine... Game on
You done goofed, little bro
Don’t want to wait for me to cross the street? Have fun waiting for me to pick up my papers
Annoying coworker moves into cubicle next to mine, ends up with suspension and moved into the phone pit
Betray me? I’ll turn down your proposal and make you say sayonara to your Discord server.
Act like a jerk after doing you a solid? Enjoy the extra flavors...
Bar customers and handing over their ID/Credit cards
Petty Mommy, petty doggy
Playing dead (an accidental r/pettyrevenge)
Petty deserves petty
Don't mess with a PhD student in their final year
wasting telemarters times
revenge on a long time bully
Try to berate me? Enjoy being embarrassed in front of all your students!
dont sit on my chair
N
try to get me banned. I play Uno reverse cad
Mess with me and my stuff? Go sit in jail.
Apartment neighbors pump their jam at 7:30 AM. I connect my phone to their speakers. A little Ween with your morning coffee, my good sir?
Lady tries to short change me $2 on a food delivery and make me pay for it. I had a better idea.
Want to be a dick to everyone? Say goodbye to the one you love.
Sister gets locked out of house for a couple of hours
Mess with my family have fun with a restraining order
Give me detention for nothing? prepare for The Great Stapler Heist!
She messed with my flow, I got revenge.
Put your grocery cart away!
CEO is a massive jerk, so I exposed one of his pet peeves to others he treats poorly so we can subtly piss him off.
Sweet revenge on an asshole cat.
Clog the shower at rush hour? Be gone thot! I use my stripping power.
Kid who almost got security called and arrested for stealing my pencil case.
It’s the little things
"My safety glasses are all blurry." That's because they aren't yours.
Ex wife revenge
Butter revenge
I activate instant kill on a kid spraying cologne in the hall
My dad elbowed my grandpa in the face
Fuck your puzzles
Abuse me for a year? Have fun finding a new school in another district.
I need help
My husband cheated on me, I told him I’m not nice when people are mean to me.
Want something hot, here you go!
foul day Rslash
Ex-Coworker using $20 as a way to see me. Story time!
Betray me then propose? I’ll turn you down and make your Discord vanish.
Karma and Comrades
If you're rude to me in class, you'll probably end up missing a bunch of important information
I spoilt my sister rotten.
I need some help from petty revenge experts.
ISO Petty Revenge Help
Guy tries to cheat on his test by looking at mine, I made him fail.
Revenge is a dish best served buttered.
How I got revenge on my sexual harrasser
Brag about 35 subs, imma get more
I need help
Bad dorm room door that you won't fix? Ok?
Wifi name for roommate from hell
Piss on My Floor and Try to Eat My Food? Enjoy Your Time Behind Bars!
He won't stop listening to the Soviet national anthem.
Be Rude, disrespectful and disgusting to my friends and claim to be Nice? OK, I'll play "nice"
Kid in school who kept knocking my pencil off my desk
Have fun waiting for your cab.
I will give to 50$ if...
Manager shows my work off as hers, Humiliated on front of CEO
Ex cheated on me, so I ruined her career.
Creepy landlord
Don't pay the house bills, get evicted and stuck with bills Part 1
My cat brings me things he plays with.
Call me unprofessional? I'll make you quit your job.
Colleague goes on holiday and leaves no instructions, leaves me out to dry. Revenge is sweet!
Hope that $80 in your pocket was worth the $2,000 cello
Crazy Asian rep screams at me, I cost her $15k and get her fired.
You lost my kindle fire, sorry I forgot your password.Wont let us use our parking spot? Have fun paying towing fees and fines!
Make my friend waste 20 minutes for no reason? Well, she has something up her sleeve.
Teach us wrong? See what your friends think!
Bully of two years asked me out, time to get petty
Helluva good sandwich
Argue over a couple of bucks on my lunch order? Your till's gonna be short when you close.
[Accidental] Neighbor's inconsiderate parking (XPosted from r/accidentalrevenge)
Quiet food revenge
Want to steal from me and then lie? Enjoy a dead controller.
Colleague goes on holiday, leaves no information
steal our make up and clothes? ur possessions must not matter too much
My Friend Doesn't Talk To Me For a week. Wants My Help For a Ps4 Memory Extention
Cut in front of me(and 10 other people)? Get banned from the cafe.
Apartment manager wants to be an ass about resident parking policy? Have fun eating the towing fees.
Hurr durr, do a do? &gt;:( Enjoy something you no like.
Want to tell me to change what Im doing? Let me micromanage you.
Psychotic Landlord
Karma's a female dog
Friend gets revenge on lazy classmate
Can't Follow Traffic Rules? Wait Your Turn
The best petty revenge... for a 5th grader
Evil neighbour gets what he deserves
Co-worker isn't flexible with vacation plans, so I get her back
great class reunion
Steal my work lunch and eat it every day? Enjoy my secret ingredient.
Don't harass geese (x-post from r/prorevenge)
How the Tables have turned
Went on a date and ghosted Simone who ghosted me
Abuse my best friend? Enjoy the failing grades and paying for the damages
Don’t help us with directions despite being our friend? Fine, we’ll go home and not tell you.
Bullies get F's on papers they paid me to write
Don't pay me for fixing your car? Lets see how you like what i do when you come back.
Owe me money? Hope you’re not fond of your couch!
Just because she's a girl it doesn't mean she's worse than you. It's quite the opposite.
I lost a student government election in college and made the following year a living Hell for the guy who beat me
Waste 5 minutes of my time? I'll watch you waste a few of yours.
Child Revenge!
Fuck with my family have fun with a restraining order/xparty
My Seat
Evict Me Illegally, I'll Get My Petty Revenge
Roommate from hell
She broke our friendship because she thought I was sleeping with her FWB so 4 months later I did
Betray me? I’ll turn down your proposal and make your Discord vanish.
Gas Station Petty Revenge
Be a dick and leave your highbeams on? Have a taste of your own medicine
Short and sweet.
When my (abusive) mom is being an a-hole, i turn off the wifi.
Don’t give me back my money? Enjoy explaining to your uncle why there are 200€ missing from his account and losing friends
Victory smells like popcorn.
Mad that I got a role? Have fun being kicked out of the play
Be salty about me getting a role, we’ll have fun getting your role taken.
Weed dealer tries to rip me off, ends up giving me virtually free weed.
To the tool who kept killing me in ARK: SE
You wanna stroke your ego by running up the score? Enjoy winning by 1 point.
LDR Boyfriend broke up with me out of the blue, hope he likes GoT spoilers.
Revenge is a dish best served buttery
Revenge is a dish best served buttery.
Park like an asshole? I can too.
Be annoying to me in class, have bus doors slammed in your face
Another bus revenge
He ruined Star Wars, I spent four years brewing.
Sign Shop Petty Revenge (xpost r/assholetax)
Betray me? I’ll turn down your proposal and make your Discord vanish.
Friends try to get me to do almost all of the work for a group project
I waited 3 years to create a Tinder account for my cheating ex.
I signed up all the teachers I hated in high school to Jehovah's Witness news letters
Brother bullies me for months. Used his bullying for revenge
Active Revenge
Dumbass gets his phone taken up because of me.
A Backstab Fail
Sorority sister slept with my ex so I spammed her phone number.
Lazy Flatmate.
Giving Directives
My neighbors water is leaking, but because they have a dog that barks constantly I haven’t told them.
Getting "revenge" on my transphobic mom.
Good Luck Watching GOT This Sunday UPDATE
Petty revenge on lazy flatmate.
Short but sweet revenge
Guy spoiled Avengers End Game for me on Facebook when it first came out.
Stab me in the back (not literally) and accuse me of doing something I'm physically unable to do later on? have fun being the nun ^w^
Write me a bad check and then avoid me instead of paying me back, enjoy your own overdrafts.
What goes round comes round.
My dad lost money because he was selfish
Steal my Gatorades? Face a bitter and sour fate.
Never get mad at your friend when he or she is in another group
*cough cough*
You bully me, I pee on your stuff.
Getting "revenge" on my narcasistic and transphobic mom.
Lady wouldnt give me a birthday freebie so i ruined her reputation.
An entitled brother, a parking spot, and a puddle of pee
Need some ideas of how to subtly irritate a co-worker
How a puddle of pee delivered some sweet karma
Thanks for honking
I got a bully grounded by registering a pornhub account with her email
No more deliveries
I announced my cousin’s pregnancy because they announced my son’s birth and my niece’s gender.
My Semi-Strange Aunt throws away tons of my brothers Steelers memorabilia, so my brother throws away all her kids toys at my grandmas house.
My sister refused to wear her helmet on her bike, so i deflated her tires
Honk at me as soon as the light changes? Enjoy waiting another 5 minutes!
If you don't let the pregnant lady sit at the subwayKid gets my seat removed, so I slow him down a bit.
Fortnite Skin Revenge
"I can't hear you, it's too loud"
Help me get revenge
My dad can’t deal with my pettiness
Cause a massive mess?? Enjoy the toothpaste!
I’m still in training for a job I got hired for a month ago but boss and coworkers try to make my life a living hell and don’t bother to train me so...
EP forces me to install a magnetomerter I do exactly what she says
Revenge for a revenge. Very short.
Fear me, for I am keeper of the attic.
No hot wings for racist people!
***ENDGAME SPOILER***: He talked on the phone throughout the movie
Kid gets laughed at.
Backstab Fail
Tables have turned
5 seconds v.s. $500 ticket
I ordered revenge for my cheating ex ...
I ordered 400+ items from amazon as a revenge against my cheating ex
Be a drunken jerk to ticket clerk? Have fun making an extra stop to get your licence.
Bully me until i’m at my breaking point? enjoy being hit with tons of rocks
Try to squeeze more money out of me? I squeeze back.
there was no RV
Park in my Handicapped permit spot? Ok then, get a $250 ticket
Petty revenge on Casino Karen
I sent 1000 emails on penis enlargement
Revenge without doing anything, my roommates were crazy
I asked a boba place that I made a website for if I could have a birthday freebie, and she rudley said no. So I changed her website to have all her 1star reviews, a every word links to my amazon affiliate link.
My brother kicked me out of his comfy bed, I got a good slap on him
Fucking roommates.
downvote everything
Give me my money!
Dude from the UK pretended to be Indian. Got banned from my Discord...
I just went into my 15 year old daughters bedroom to bitch about a mess she left. She replied with a snotty “mmhmmm” while looking away. I left her door open when I left.
Send “Notice of Withdrawal of Application” letters to companies that ghost you
Try to steal our parking? Don’t have one at all!
Screamer get screamed
Cut in line? Enjoy waiting much longer for your wings
Em pushes my daughter to take a picture with a life size batman figure. So i buy it to spite her
Mock me for more than a year? Here's something to be mocked about (by me!)
ENDGAME SPOILERS
Be mean to my friend, I'll close your account.
Cheat off my work, nice try failing the class.
Congratulations! You have subscribed to every vaccination newsletter...ever!
Bully me for years and attack my sister? Have fun getting roasted to a crisp. {BURNED}
Try to squeeze money out of me? I'll squeeze back.
Don't get replies from friends? How did that happen hmm?
Don't bully us or our wild birds will attack
My getting ready in the morning annoys you? Have fun missing the conference.
The Wardrobe, Garlic, and a Motorcycle
Be careful of my drunk sister
No Bullying? Duck You!
The problem with cheating on the smart kids is they are smart
Roommate reaping what she sowed
Be a jerk for 4 years and it’ll come back on you
(First story here!) Karma’s comming at you 100mph
My bike got stolen and i stole it back.
My teacher turns out to be a "feminist" nut job... so I write an essay
Family friend stole my underwear, taught her a lesson she's never forget.
This is a repost I thought this belongs here
Got fired from a freight company, delivered my revenge.
Don’t mess with my dogs food ants
Petty People Unite!
Shady in the Sunshine State 🌞
Don't take no for an answer? I steal your trivia team
Cheat on my friend? Enjoy your rubber bands!
People in my gym class are A-holes
The Queen of Escalation
Make fun of my weight? Everyone votes against you
Try to take my shits at work, how about you get fired.
Nipple removal
Steal My Shit At Work...Okay I’ll Steal Your Job From You.
My mum barged into my room so I poured all the soap in the house away
Import loses, gator wins...
Kid who annoyed the quiet kid roasted in front of all of his friends
Don’t be a idiot in a crowded hallway
Offensive Flatulence
String me along for 8 months? Enjoy your boyfriend finding out you’re not a virgin
Party at night. I’ll mow the lawn
I burned my version of a karen
Never trust an UberEats customer who says they’ll tip you later.
Wanna cheat and lie to my face? Enjoy being stood-up by a stranger on your one free night of the week
What Goes Down Must Come Up
Hate me for a smaller reason? Ok I’ll just make it bigger
Backstab Fail
Backstab Fail
try to get me banned. I play Uno reverse card
Ignore agreed rules, have fun to deleting 40000+ folders one by one and more
Backstabbing fail
Terrible neighbors taken to court
No pie for you! I said good day!
Take my painless project? Enjoy more work!
My entitled step mom
You want to not help clean up? Well, have fun being late for your next class.
Douche bag who jokes about Rape
Don’t eat my food
Prison fun
Ruining the social status of a popular girl for the name of mental health
Getting in my friend’s personal space. I’ll probably ruin your education
Sign My Mate Up for Spam
Treat your coworker like garbage and slack off? I'll take the fun out of your game.My ex kicked me out...
Asshole lady cut in line at Disney so I cut in front of her
Worth $20? A full tank of gas...
Roller tag
Snitches get stitches
LADY WHO BOUGHT THE LAST IBUPROFEN TO SPITE ME HAD HER LUNCH RUINED
My ex tried to lead me on, so i did it better
Desk Sabotage
Rude to me? Here is a $100 late charge!
Asshole business guy gets his asshole tax
The Star Wars Spoiler (DOES NOT CONTAIN ANY SPOILERS)
Accuse me of stealing cake? You won't get to eat it, either.
Pettyrevenge of a cat
Stoplight Assholes
Let your dog go on my lawn? enjoy washing your house.
Insult my Wildcats costume. I get you in trouble with the teacher for months.
Little brother crashes my car and you take his side? Goodbye Spotify.
I sqrewed people over because they're mean
Follow Fellow German Students Instructions
Customer abuses our generosity, I turn the tables on him
My mom breaks the deal me and she had even though I did my part. I get revenge
Tickle me? Have fun with nose pains.
Fracture my leg, I'll break yours
Treat me like a maid and threaten me? I'll just make you homeless
dont show any manners have fun cleaning.
Bullying and you end up in tears
Try to scam me? Get scammed back.
"You left the Mic on..."
Accuse me of plagiarism because of perfect spelling? Enjoy my assignment being spelt like a child
wanna get me banned I play Uno reverse card
Steal my journal and I get in trouble hope you like blood in your locker!
Steal sister's pizza over $1.50
Reverse Card !
Cheat on me? Lose access to the Sims 3
My ex cheated on me for over a year. I found his Bumble profile and we matched, but I unmatched him very quickly. Now he's got a notification that someone likes him, but there's no one there.
Cheat on me and then lie about it? Our Netflix is going to have a few changes.
Still ghosting me during my breakdowns after 6 years, ill ghost you for the rest of life you stupid prick.
Rude Tourist Is Too Stupid To - Literally - See What's In Front Of Him
The Star Wars Spoiler. (NO ACTUAL SPOILERS)
Rude Tourist Is Too Stupid To See What's - Literally - In Front Of Him.
The Star Wars Spoiler.
Ghost me? Enjoy a long, drawn out disconnection from my Netflix account.
Going to try to get my abusive ex boyfriend fired from his job
My revenge against our drug addict neighbor who kept stealing from my disabled mother (repost)
Want to watch Endgame in my class? Spoilers are inevitable.
Brother Leaves Laundry on Bathroom Floor I Take Revenge
Hit me in the face? Well good luck finding your lock
Bucket Head gets his revenge
I suck at this game? Fine we lose
Dragging shoes
Shoe Sliding
Choosing beggar wathches everyone but them get free food.
Won’t stop calling me get your phone spammed
Customer service robot reporting in
Deny access because of disability? Apologize and pay or go to court!
You don't care about other patients? Well the other patients don't care about you!
Tyrant Teacher anal about a rule, makes me mad at him
Dead calculator for bitching about not having one
My ”friend” called me a bully (wrongful title) so I planned my revenge.
Petty vs. Super Petty
Don't mess with my mom
High school days
Friend insults me and will never pick up a girl again
Mess with my relationship? Lose your chance to have one and most of your friends
DON'T annoy me
Friend insults me and will never picks up a girl again
Push me? Enjoy a nice soda shower!
Multiple creative revenges on bully teacher over the years
Girl refuses to help on a massive project, ends up getting held back.
HAHAHAHHAHAHAHA
Don’t take my head injury seriously? I’ll paint the walls in Vomit
Using the rules of retail to get some petty revenge...
Donuts and Drinks for everyone! . . . exceeeept . . .
SUV behind me tried to high beam me out of the fast lane
Book time TDLR after
This car service center broke my car after a repair. Service manager isn’t returning my calls. If y’all don’t mind, give this lovely service manager a ring or text for me! Maybe she will get the picture to return the calls! 216-777-0953.
Don't like to teach? A box of rocks should motivate you.
Stop using my pens damnit!
Wanna fight and be petty, I'll handcuff you and make you feel sick
Call my teacher sexist? hope you enjoy suspension.
Entitled gamer, says obnoxious things, dies and I don't revive him, forcing him to watch
I'm not the revenge sort. But I couldn't help be a little petty.
KFC gives you 5cents change on go buckets and
Teenager boy purposes to an 11 year old boy, but gets arrested
Falsely accuse me of cheating? Oh, how the tables have turned.
How I got my school bully expelled
Friend gets petty revenge in an amazing way
Miss you, NOT
Give me detention for using the bathroom, enjoy having a bloody seat
Used our friend as a scapegoat
Asshole friend will never pickup a girl again
Cousin demand video games. I stretch the screen res.
Pester me about following your filing rules? File this resignation letter
Roast me because of my shoes? Enjoy being hated for the rest of the year.
Kid breaks my 15 dollar drafting pencil, I empty his entire locker onto the ground.
Screw Me Over, Have Fun Losing All of Your YouTube History
Good luck getting employees with your shitty policies
Can't return low quality item? Give a review to drop their 4 star rating into 3.9
Bully me and steal my lunch, enjoy a hell in your mouth.
Inpatient? Can’t wait for the driver in front to not run someone over. Enjoy getting pissed off for the next 10 minutesSteal my cigs? Here's a 60€ fine x2
Tell me to kill myself? i take your dog.
Act snobby at a restaurant? Enjoy being scarred for life.
Petty fence revenge
Try to play with another girl? Lol nah
Refuse to acknowledge my existence? Prepare to be reminded incessantly!
Petty revenge in an overfilled classroom
Last minute customers got shamed in front of everyone
I put my little brother in the back seat
Throw an egg at me? Enjoy being banned from the labyrinth!
Math Teacher thinks she’ll get away with being rude but ends up getting fired.
I AM the SAFEST DRIVER
Own father forces me, his claustrophobic daughter, into a lift while screaming at me. I projectile vomited on him and my brother.
Request: dealing with noisy neighbours
Glued bully to seat
Got some "revenge" on the teacher's assistant by doing my work.
Leave me for another girl? Enjoy not playing with her
Throw rocks at my bunny prepare to burn
How my little cousin made her brother eat grass for months
Can't go to the bathroom during flu season? Enjoy my vomit.
String me along emotionally for 1 month? Get called out semi-publicly.
Neighbor gets what he deserved
Touch me inappropriately twice? I will destroy your business silently and effectively.
Try to spoil end game? Good luck watching it at all. No spoilers.
Guy was in a hurry and being a pain so my dad makes him take some time out.
Osu Petty revenge
Insist on being a cunt to me and my kids? Enjoy your shit spatula.
He sent me unwanted nudes so I sent them to his dad
Send me unsolicited pictures? Enjoy explaining that to your girlfriend
Somebody tried to spoil endgame for me, they get what they deserve
Girl was being annoying so I spoiled Avengers: Endgame for her. [SPOILERS]
Be an asshole at the movies? I'm not obligated to be nice to you.
Maybe next time just leave a message?
Cat food in the garbage can
Well that got him up. The universe is balanced.
My car got booted today.
The pettiest man on earth
Middle school years: Not always the worst
Try, and hit my moms. Nearly gets you shot.
Threaten our dog? Get out of the campsite.
Keep the lights off!
Dance Class Final Turns Trio into Duo with Person losing 30% of their final grade
Refuse to take your cups to the sink, enjoy not having anything to drink out of.
Try to cheat? Fail your quiz!
Try to cheat? Fail your assignment!
clean your hair people
Wake me up at night - no power for you
my neighbor kept pissing off his balcony onto mine so i collected his pee and dumped it on him
Lock me out of my PSN account? Get your PlayStation broken and locked out of your phone
Jam my locker? There goes your drawstring.
Wake me up early, enjoy no wifi!
Rogue builder overcharges me then ghosts me. I use my SEO skills to rank my website for his company name in Google and publish evidence proving he lied.
How to get rid of loitering people
Nearly run me off the road and slow down like it's my fault? Okay mate
Enjoy wasting your time
I “buy” annoying kid fortnite and ban him from “his own account”
Abuse me and my kids? Enjoy brushing your teeth with a dash of toilet water and shit.
I am the infamous sock elf.
Revenge on my brother for selling me out about eating cookie dough
steal my lunch? enjoy your diarrhea
Not shutting the hell up in Spanish? You’re not even going to touch me for the entire set.
Say I can't work? Enjoy shoveling your driveway
This is what happens when you throw my clothes out of the dryer onto the dirty floor.
My Great Grandma got my Grandpa's bullies to eat literal horse shit.
My boss who no one liked
Video production revenge
Idiot Kid Endangers Students, Gets Several Broken Bones (Reposted from r/ProRevenge)
I just wanted back my headphones
I'm "anorexic girl" and don't usually eat so she didn't think I would be hungry
Friend ditches us for a douchebag, so we take her stuff (LONG STORY)
Block my car door? Enjoy cleaning up.
Scream at me because you came in for an appointment that didnt exist? Congrats your account has been red flagged and you can no longer book at our salon!
Want to keep me and my son up all night? You won’t sleep for a while
I’m looking for a discreet revenge
I “buy” EK fortnight and ban him from “his own account” (originally posted on entitled arents subreddit)
The best revenge is thriving
Want to complain about my every action? You're done for.
Won't let me use the bathroom? We'll see about that...
Why would anyone even steal an open gatorade?
PLEASE spam this number
Luxury apartment maintenance worker looking for revenge
the alarm clock
clapping customer
Neighbours neglect dog on the balcony, disrupting my sleep, I introduce them to madness.
Take my painless project? Enjoy more work!
My aunt was done with my Grandpa's shit.
The shrimpening
Take my painless project? Enjoy more work!
If the hat fits...
House buyers demanded they have all our furniture for FREE AND do 10K in renovations? Guess they'll have to learn a lesson about entitlement...
Teacher tries to tell me I wasn’t sick, and tries to fail me
High school pranks that got a little too far.
Small things I do sometimes to irritate annoying people
Keep me up the night before my final exam? You wouldn't like me when I'm sleepy...
They aren't going to do that again
Mom cussed me out, I agree with her.
Trying to out-petty my psychotic roommate in the next two weeks
How to annoy neighbor without getting kicked out
It’s a parking spot dude, relax!
the office staff where i work had a meeting about my hand mirror (which i allegedly used too much) so i turned my desk into a mirrorHaving the final say to an insensitive bitch boss
Brother is rude to me and mom, I annoy him
Won't do work for 3 months? Ok. Fine by me.
Insult me? i take your dog from you.
Fun at the workplace
Tell me to kill myself? i take your dog
Beautiful revenge from an ugly haircut.
Caused a racist to have road rage and rear end another car
Never Bully Someone and Then Ask for a Favor
She messed with me and my best friend. What she doesn’t know is that I have access to all her DMs
I ❤️ phone scammers
Record video in a dressing room and drain my phone battery? Have fun all over the internet?
Rest stop spite
Neighbor son buzzing our doorbell
I'm not going to spoil Endgame for you, YOU'RE going to spoil Endgame for you.
Eating Dinner with Cheating girlfriends family.
ADVICE: ASSHOLE KEEPS STEALING OUR PARKING SPOTS
Frick band practice
I hacked a toxic persons account and tried to get her banned.
Have my personal phone number listed for my retail store.
Cheat on Me? Enjoy the hike up 16 flights of stairs!
Gonna steal my money I’ll steal your boyfriend
Wont turn your music down? Ok then
Steal my Land?Well prepare yourself for that land to be destroyed.
Rude to the Hot Topic Employee? No Funko Pop for You!
Mac's overcharged me 2$.
Talk loudly outside my office about how you hate “illegal aliens”? Prepare yourself for an hours worth of Selena at top volume.
“You were ok with me breaking up with you, so I’ll tell all our friends you RAPED me!!!”
Don’t want to pay rent? Don’t want to pay for your own things? Have fun with a $600 Paperweight!
A grown man slaps me beacuse i protected his son
Steal our seat? We steal your seat.
Idk if this counts because it wasn’t purposeful...
Petty Pickles
Dickhead picks on me for years and makes it physical, I get him expelled from school before moving away. Proceed to break his nose a few years later.
School was annoying so I got some revenge!
Cinema Dilemma - no spoilers
Wake me up at midnight have the rest of the trip mildly inconvenienced
i got my general manger fired?
Not necessarily petty but definitely pleasing
Wake me up at midnight have the rest of the day to worry about
Sexually assault my Friend? Enjoy a Criminal record and being hated from your family
Never trust an UberEats customer who says they’ll tip you later
Have a nice weekend lady
I need a life partner here for marriage
My friend is sick and needed the day off, my old nazi-esque manager wouldn't allow her to find someone to cover for her so I helped defeat her.
F**k you, I'm a full organ donor
Bad employee gets the boot
Required by the military to give proper greeting of the day...ok!
I got a UPS worker fired today.
THE REVENGE OF THE CUBER
...so I'm short now?
Tailgate a cyclist up a steep hill? Enjoy your red light fine.
Won't let people sleep? Get yelled at by a teacher, and maybe get a referral.
Take my Phone I take yours
Laundromat Pettiness
Disregard my effort? Well, I ruin your precious notebook
Having to deal with a person making rumors about me
U take my door I play loud music
Scheming a sleepover behind my back? See what I have to say about it.
This is very petty of me
Karen doesn’t want me to record in a public cafe due to “privacy issues”, ends up with the whole conversation on a public youtube video
I own a person money, what is the worst way to pay it back?
Just being helpful...
Cousin ruins aunt's reputation
Girl hides my bag so I drop hers in water
I need the beef jerky
Karen makes my cleaning up harder, I give a terrible day
Keep stealing and hiding our belongings? Have fun feeling guilty!
be an annoying sh*t get punched off your bike
Girl Insulted me, goes full 100% confidence
Putting Telemarketers on hold
$10 for 5 hours of yard work? Have fun with a ruined yard.
Girl rams me into parking car, tells police wrong things and gets revenge the next day
Karen gets death from above
Make my Aunt get rid of her dogs? Enjoy being harassed and having your property destroyed!
Probably a boring story compared to everyone else's but..
You want to cheat on me and blame it on me? Good Luck!
This dude left a discord server for being Pinged, and I need your help for my petty revenge.
You bullied me at school... you want booze? Got ID?
Annoying Scammers
Yell at a deaf person? Enjoy cleaning up.
I was nice he wasn't
Karen doesn’t want me to record in a public cafe due to “privacy issues”, ends up with the whole conversation in a public youtube video
You call the police because of noise? Guess what.
Not technically revenge, but instant karma for an idiot driver
Man's year-long quest to pay back the troll who spoiled Infinity War for him comes to beautiful fruition
Short, sweet, painful.
laundry movers
You want me to tell my dog where to poop?
Yeah i know I’m petty
Husband finds gift box from wife’s other lover
Sister thinks she can push me around over 6 sour patch kids? Think again
Choosey Beggar Makes An Unwilling Birthday Donation To Local Bookstore
older coworkers bullied me and I want revenge
Book me an occupied room? You can be the bearer of bad news
Bullied me?
Racist Revenge
Cat troubles, toddlers, and a sorry excuse for a dad
Xena and the hole for an A-hole
Uncle Gets embarresed beacause of meThis is Endgame. Behave appropriately, mmmmkay?
Wanna be asshole roommate? I'll let my cat sort you out.
I, a vegan, took revenge on a coworker for feeding me meat
Wanna be asshole roommate? I'll let my cat sort you out.
I was the other woman
Mess with my smash bros and loose your shiny pokemon
Hold up my practice? Just wait while I hit these shots...
My manager doesn't like me? Best thing that could happen to me.
I can not breastfeed my child? Get a shitstorm.
My ignorant "teacher"
You put our class late in the afternoon in the middle of nowhere ? Not our problem your dining room doesnt work that late
[PETTY REVENGE] horrible EX hurts his own feelings turning up at my work
You wanna punch me? Here’s some spiders!
There youy are, fuckwad!
You bullied me at school... you want booze? Got ID? (Repost from Malicious Compliance)
Principle ruined my time as a 5 y/o. im back bitch
My friend uses my eBay to trade without my knowledge, so I share some wedding promotions with him
Do you like spam sir, let me share the joys of marriage!
My Horribke Group Project (I posted it here becauce r/Prorevenge took it down)
Anjelica Huston Says Oprah Winfrey 'Won't Talk to Me' Since Beating Her at the Oscars in 1985
Want to be rude about sharing a driveway? Have fun backing down your steep side...
Be a total dick of a classmate? Enjoy not being able to go to a class trip and having a self inflicted concussion.
my main encounter with an entitled parent 2 (petty revenge)
[NSFW] Landlady continually disregards giving 24 hour notice to enter our living space...enjoy a glimpse of my sex life.
Tyrant of a little brother gets spoiled just as he wanted
Oh since I'm so smart then I can't make mistakes then, can I?
Police officer? Huh? Alright.
Deleted my sister's fav song.
A tale of betrayal and revenge
A little note,
NAH.
If you won't do your dishes, I'll just leave them in your bed for you
You "forgot" to relieve the other soldier from guard duty? Uh-huh.
Accidental 2 Part Revenge on Teacher
I put parking tickets on my Grad Cap after campus police fined me 10 times
Snarky comment? Enjoy life without your license and credit cards.
Kicked me out of the shower? Enjoy the cold water.
You want, to shut up. Ok. Watch the group(s) die.
Rubbed my former housemates toothbrush between my asscheeks
Want to be a little jerk to me while you're in line? Allow me to inconvenience you.
Sit on my seat, get embarrassed in front of your dog friends!
That pellet is the only green thing round here, sir
New Dishwashing Rule Backfires on Big Brother!
You treat my mom like trash? Well guess what my new name is?
Spoil Endgame for me, I spoil your grade.
Just to be spiteful
So office professionals are smarter than a guy in the warehouse....
If someone has a heart attack on a plane, here's a quick lesson on how NOT to behave.
Don't skip work to watch movies.
You can't mooch off of me and bully me at the same time
How do I sell my house to the worst most obnoxious people?
Become my girlfriend as a prank I make you fail your test
Never Cross Me During A Group Project
Don't Participate? Do More Excercize
I sneezed on a guy... he may or mat not be vaccinated
An Elvis Caused Them To Leave The Building
Be annoying; Loose Your Google Drive
Spoiled Endgame for someone who Spoiled Episode 7 for me 4 years ago. [no spoilers]
We lowered the Amazon rating of our shitty Latin textbook from 5 stars to 2.7
My date shitted all over my dream so I had to get her back
Bus driver drove off even after he’d seen me
Got back at someone for spoiling The Force Awakens
Saying I am taking to long on a test. Let me take longer.
Spam call me? Let's have some fun then.
I spoiled endgame for a guy who spoiled gungeon for me. (No actual spoils in post)
If you really want to show your ass, I will let you...
Flip off the security guard ? Enjoy going home to get your ID.
Never log out? Enjoy the picture I made!
Cheat on Me? Enjoy the hike up 16 flights of stairs!
Since you wanna judge me for taking the 2nd floor..have fun waiting for the elevator!
Give me attitude, you'll give me by best sale too
My boss tried to hide $1000+ from me
You steal my laptop. Well well well do I have a surprise for you.
Bought a prom dress and ruined her day
See ID Credit Card
Litter? No hello to you!
I learned Origami... for Revenge
Making fun of me as a 10 year old? Enjoy my spit
Bought a prom dress and ruined her day
Annoy Me With Your Phone, Maybe Work in Another Country
I got into an argument with the Cinema Staff
Low effort drawing
Petty revenge in an overfilled classroom
Petty revenge in an overfilled classroom
A privacy lesson
We Need Advice to Get Revenge on the WORST College Roommate Possible!
Credit Card “Ask for ID”
Turn the lights off when i'm shitting in a public bathroom? Ill leave one in your hot car.
petty revenge for d-bag restaurant owner
Bully cat picking on my animals gets banished
Bully gets a small taste of his medicine
Bought a prom dress and ruined her day
Make fun of me for being abused as a kid? Enjoy getting catfished.
Refuse to turn the heat on? Okay then...
Steal My Sandwich, Get Me A New One!
Internet troll got annoying, so we put him in his place
Airport Bomb Threat
Attack of the rabid feminazi. Get in trouble for using a door.
Put some shit (literally) back into his mouth after he talked shit
piss me off have fun with piss on you pillowGave a scammer call to my screaming toddler
I stole something from my parents and let my brother take the blame
Crosspost r/AmITheAsshole
Lie about your rank to an actual higher up? Enjoy your new neighborhood nickname.
All he wanted was a free employee for a day.
I deleted my friends high follower Instagram account and never told her it was me
I deleted my friends high follower Instagram account and never told her it was me
Skip my laundry turn? Have fun “fixing” the machine.
Guess you're not a true fan
Enjoy your fiery trip to the bathroom
Asshole neighbor has been trying to plant peas in a planter for two years, and doesn't know I've been stealing the seeds every time he puts new ones in.
Battle of the Bands
Knock on my door despite my no soliciting sign, just sit on the curb and forget about selling anything in my town for the rest of your day
"That kid" takes the headset i want when he is not allowded to.
Ruin our friendship and my trust? I ruin your TV series.
I’ll take you to court for breaking into my house bc I won’t go out with you on a date. Judge believed me, but I didn’t get mine. Talking in your gay voice will only get you so far. This town knows you’re a predator that preys on young girls and you will be prosecuted by the people just believe that
Kid says i worship the devil, i get my own back
I ‘damaged’ a car after they backed into my Jeep.
Fan too noisy? Here, have a louder one.
Someone got spoilers on Endgame
I deleted my then BFF’s high follower Instagram account and never told her it was me
You kicked me out of the shower? Enjoy the cold water.
Refuse to help? Okay i'll make you come to college another semester
Don't dish if you can't take
Awww, did you lose your bonus?
I spoiled Endgame to someone who kept annoying me
Compare yourself with me and prepare to burn
Don't mess with musicians
Ask my friends for nudes, say goodbye to your homecoming date
My friend spoiled Avengers endgame for me so I got Revenge
Canadians take there line ups seriously
Call me a faggot? oki....bye bye computer
Litter? No hello to you!
Litter? No hello to you!
I told you it's permanent marker
Operation Curbstomp
Those shoes you just retuned? You’re getting them back.
Never piss off an early riser...
Spoil Avengers End Game for me, I'll spoil Game of thrones for you
Friend spoils endgame for extreme MCU fan (no spoilers)
Kid Ruins My Bag, I Ruin His Day
You spoiled Avengers for me. I spoiled GoT for you. Fuck you!! - No spoilers
Bully me for a year, get covered in axe
Sour my drink, sour your day.
You spoil I spoil
You pollute the neighbourhood with the smell of your shisha and shitty loud music? Get struck by the sweet odour of the chemical essence of vomit and shit!
Petty School Revenge
You spoil I spoil
Fold your own gd socks
Had a creepy disrespectful man buy me a plane ticket
[Question] Redditor spoiled EndGame. May or May not have personal info. Fun revenge?
Use my friendship to get the girl? I’ll ruin your relationship
the annoying neighbors parking job
You spoiled Avengers for me. I spoiled GoT for you. Fuck you.
Don't rush me at red lights
Computer virus vs Valley girl voice
Man almost hits me with his car, so I ban him from adopting a dog.
When You Are Not Welcome In A Fortnite Party
Brotherly revenge
Brother deletes my savegame, so I will do the same.
Annoying acquaintance and her slip up.
Mess with my drawings, have fun failing a project
getting my ex rescinded from college
Stay right there cause I just called the police
I got my boyfriend rescinded from college
Be petty? I'm more petty.
Treat Manager like a dog? Sudden case of short term memory loss
Looking for a boyfriend. Taking interviews on my Discord! Come check me out! Just broke up with my bf...
Endgame
I Completely Ignored The Existence Of My Roommate/Coworker!
CoWorker Gets a Nasty Surprise for Lunch &gt;:)
Call me a fagot I'll give you a Pepsi
Try ignoring me now
Annoying acquaintance and her slip up.
Making Gaming Bullies' plan Backfire
No more candy
Be a jerk to the sub? Get your just desserts!
Just A White Diamond Cosplay
Idiot of the year
my mom v. scammer yelling edition
He thought he could get away with being a douche to everyone, not on my watch
Bully me because of my dead mom? Have fun with your live ruined.
Be racist? Enjoy lifting your water cooler bottle and falling
Robin Hood eat your heart out!
Piss On Me? Get A Catheter Put In
Crank call me? Heres your prize!
Do your work
Shitty Classmate betrays the whole class. Class retaliates with revenge.
A paedophile touches kids so I pushed him in front of a bus
I spoil movies for fun
Funny what you hear through the grape vine.
School Director Insults My Family
Guy pushes me and tells me to leave but then... Karma.
Want to talk shit about me..? Sure, break up with me while you're at it.
Pissing Off some Sore... Winners?
Mess With Me? I'll Mess With Your Cake!
The Saga of Mr. Terrible Neighbor Getting His Deserved Karma
Fine, eat the sprinkles!
I get petty revenge with my annoying high pitched voice
bratty kid claimed a chair in my classEntitled mom not only cuts me off but also tries to steal my private parking spot.
Wont let me use the bathroom? Okay then.
Someone spoild endgame for me
How I got my (drunk) stepdad back and made sure he wouldn’t push me again
Guy asks for sex, I think I stepped on someones microballs pretty badly.
Girl and her friends steal my seat, so I do my best to creep her out
Friend, that isn't my friend, Spoiled End Game for me.
Ruin my Lunch &amp; Throw a Stapler at me? I Quit. Expect me to come back? Okay.
Ruin my date? I’ll ruin your day.
Kid bullies me i wnd his life
Don't Control your Hyperactive Kid During Endgame I'll Shine Shame Upon You
Friend turned into an Uber on my Birthday
Don't want to do your share of the project? Fair enough.
Cheating douchebag learns a lesson
Loud jerks get shut up by a child.
You spoil game of thrones for me. I spoil endgame for you
Bathroom dweller? Let me introduce myself.
Bully Me for My Musical Taste? I'll make you waste $5.
Karen doesn't like dogs? Meet Cujo.
The rule says that
Break up with me? Enjoy realizing just how much I do for you.
Be an asshole to your server, get instant karma...
You want to walk instead of take the bus? Fine. Let me walk REALLY slowly for you.
I had sex with my former best mates girl
Completely Ignoring The Existence of My Housemate/Coworker
My revenge on society
You want to be petty so can I!!!
Spoil Endgame for me and many others then proceed to be racist towards me? Shouldn't have leaked your personal IG!
Fax spammer revenge
Deli strikes back
My classmate spoiled Endgame so I spoiled a series he likes
Karen thinks her daughter deserves a solo more than the pastor's kid. Pastor's wife is in charge of the church choir.
Nobody messes with my snacks.
Punched me when I tried to correct you? I'll ruin everything you love
You want the barracks clean? Aye Aye Petty Officer!
Never mess with friends
My Mom Spoils Avengers Endgame For A Bunch Of DoucheBags (no spoilers in this story)
Trash talker talks trash behind my back and I get my revenge
Got a Telemarketer...
Won't let me use the bathroom? Okay then.
Homophobes harass me for two years. I get their trucks ticketed.
I asked some1 to spoil endgame for me so i could spoil it for some1 else
It’s quick, it’s easy, and it’s free: airdropping gory things as revenge
Rip up my project? Get booted from my bed!
Can you text privately please!
Bully gets stood up
Husband's coworker
Jerk office staff and teachers, including my mom!
Impatient customer demanded I get off lunch early to help her, so I wasted her time
Spoiled Infinity War for me? I'm going to do the same for you. (No Endgame spoilers!)
Mess with me while I'm pooping and I'll give you something to be upset about...
Thanks for cheating !
Thanks for cheating on me!
My best friend saw a first showing of Endgame last night and immediately texted spoilers to her cheating ex. (No spoilers in story.)
Drive dangerously? Well almost crash into another car.
You want to play hardball? Then by all means, let's play hardball.
Thief Gets Exposed after stealing food.
My friend the Shit Tasting adventure
Group Project Nightmare
An interesting ending
Tub-smoking roommate got on my nerves. I tried to be nice, really.
Yup, I'm eating this snack. Keep staring! It just makes it tastier.
Guy wants my speakers and in the end I get some petty revenge.
Spoiling Endgame to win a prank war with a student.
Pulling a prank on us? Prepare to get spooked in return.
Ditch me on a ride home. Enjoy endgame then
Stop taking my stuff!!!
Boss wont pay me or any of his other staff
Kid is annoying (idk what else to say)
Be a bitch to me in high school? Guess you're not getting the job!
Catfished my friends ex into meeting for a date
Make me walk home without a coat? Then find another locker.
Trying to discipline a 21-year-old child.
Don’t use your phone during a movie.
Truck Parking is hard...Or funny
Cheaper by the Dozen (Featuring entitlement, and malicious compliance.)
Make my life difficult, you lose your weed.
Alarm system worked too well.
Looking for help getting some petty revenge!
Don't piss off the admin.
Take my parking spot? Have fun waiting for me to move!
Ask nicely
Ditch me on a ride home. Enjoy the endgame spoilers
Entitled girls on bus convinced they own the back seat so i give them a dose of reality.
Towels Are Rags
Send hate messages, Get Stood up BIOOOOOOOOOOTCH
I'm not above tattling on a 24yr.
Break into our car? Have fun being messed with
Office pettiness
Don't be rude to the Mc Donalds cashier. ESPECIALLY when you're in the line in front of a girl who just wants to buy a Pokémon Happy Meal toy.
Bathroom hogging roommate got served
Annoying classmate cause me to snap
Drunk guy sucker punches me while I’m working. Subsequently gets arrested at his own job.
Don't want to give me a contract? Okay
Friends dad wants to smash my head in. Learnt the hard way isn't always fighting.
Dissed by teacher in front of entire school, Headmaster gives it back to him in spades.
When pettyrevenge turns tables
Winner winner
Whiny neighbor complains about trailer, gets a nice view of it.
Screw me out of a job after telling me I'd get one? Enjoy figuring out your complex, slow file system you technological NeanderthalDont spoil Endgame and i wont keep you from seeing half the movie.
That fart bomb that won me a Doona.
Ruin my secondary school life? I'll spoil Avengers:Endgame for you (no spoilers in this post)
The Start.
Wanna be miserable? Fine, let's be miserable.
I got kicked out of my grandma's place so over three years later I got my aunt kicked out of the family
Don't let me use ear buds? Listen to Japanese all day.
Mind if I uhhhh....steal your friends???
Endgame revenge
Spoil endgame say bye to your minecraft account (i wont spoil it dw)
Person demanded I move...
Kids who bullied me asked me to play just because I ha a new basketball. The answer is no. I guess they cant play basketball anymore.
Per-Page Quote for Medical Records
Bully me for a year? Lose expensive jacket
GIRL CHUCKS STUFF ON THE GROUND BUT WHAT GOES AROUND COMES AROUND
Kid bullies me so I beat him with a base ball bat
A member of the cult that ruined my family tried to recruit me - bad mistake.
Take me off your list. Now polka!
Mess with me? Let me introduce you to my dad.
Petty revenge for stealing my work.
Gum theif
Glitterbombing a locker hacker
Accidentally shut down college email server
Save a few minutes, Lose a few hours
I need help with revenge
Steal from me? Watch me burn your things
New Facebook Account "bot"?
Girl stands up to bully, teacher sides with the girl. My fave story from working in an elementary school.
I wait 30 minutes at a fast food joint so I eat like a pig
Client is unfathomably rude, gets unnecessary stress and work - a petty revenge story
Some revenge
Revenge is Best Served Hot and Buttered.
I pushed you? And proceed to push me?
Don't be rude to the Mc Donalds cashier. ESPECIALLY when you're in the line in front of a girl who just wants to buy a Pokémon Happy Meal toy.
Don’t mock the person with the aux cord
Steal our electricity? Two companies want to know your location
Spoiled endgame to a teacher we dislike
Piss cologne
He should've apologised
Wake me up at 4am? Don't expect much sleep...
Don't wake me up in the middle of the night
Ruin my day? I'll ruin your night
Enjoy the next exit
I am set on revenge!
NSFW - petty revenge on my SO
It's the very little things
Call me a sneaky with and kick me out of class? Have fun losing your job!
Shutting down the giggly teens next door on the cruise ship
Fine, I’ll get your damn chips.
Not in a rush?
I keep wondering when is my roommate is going to get a new toothbrush.
My son is my life, try and take him? We'll see.
My roommate lets her children do whatever they want so I unplugged the WiFi
Don't be a bitch when you have a newborn baby
My Grandfather DESTROYED An Algebra Teacher!
Almost Ruin One Of My Friendships? Enjoy Having A Movie You’ve Been Waiting For For Years Spoiled
(Update) I just got a letter from my old job
You Pressure me into writing a report? I’ll tell everyone all the stuff in that report.
Annoy me during class? Fine. Go right ahead.
Petty revenge on a friend
A Tale in Which I Brought Communism to the United States
'Friend' gets his words turned on him
Steal my work? I'll steal your mug!
Kid makes fun of me, i steal their 100+ prize tickets
Teacher called me an idiot, she got fired
Bathroom Revenge
How to Petty Revenge an Impatient Driver
Save a few minutes, lose a few hours
Not let me have any bacon? Oh dear brother you made a mistake
The time I publicly embarrassed my bully infront of everyone in my school year and their parents.
Misbehave in my class? How about I spoil that movie for you?
Sister Wouldn't Turn The Lights Off When I Was Trying To Sleep... So I Enacted Some Petty Revenge
Sister taunts me about car accident. Petty Revenge ensues.
Dad rams lady because she didn't move for an ambulance
Roommate from hell
Ex wanted me out of his party.. 8 years later, I threw a big one and left him out.
Hate that I use a binder but think you can scream at my buddies? Enjoy seeing me being masculine for the rest of the fucking week!
Say cheese!
Rude to me when you get on my bus? Whoops! We went past your stop!
Revenge Advice for bfs[20] flirty housemate
Spoil the lesson? Spoil your movie. [SPOILER]
Letting the air out of an Entitled sister
Kid tries to boast. Gets owned.
U are not alone!
School redneck tries to strangle my best friend and not get caught.
Someone dm me and said this sub reddit might be interested in this story.
Bus - mates wake me up while I was sleeping......Guess what?
I cheated on him after he cheated on me
I don't have your phone
Story from an arcade
Stay on my ass and I’ll make you late
Make my life a living hell? I’ll make sure everyone knows your an asshole.
Letting the air out of an Entitled sister
Be a jackass to me and my teammates, threaten them, and do other terrible things? Enjoy getting you ass kicked.
I guess I can slice your bread...
Dog's self-defense mechanism
Murder baby birds, lose a small food fight.
My Dumb Brothers
Teacher calls someone stupid, gets assignments in bright yellow
Getting revenge on entitled b**chDon’t squeeze, please
Tried saving a few minutes and ended up wasting a few hours
Bully wants my seat well probably should have watch your mouth
Petty revenge on my brother
Entitled Kid demands he has my Chromebook, but life doesn’t work that way
I Cost My Mom $120
Just annoying enough?
Take My PS4 Powercord? I'll Take Your PC Charger
Mistreat your dog, that's shitty
Sauna
Don’t steal things from people
I don't owe anything
Save a few minutes, lose a few hours
PR request: handling solicitors who ignore my sign
New Employee Doesn't Realise I'm Company Owner Takes My Car Space/Gets Abusive/Gets Fired
Kid Flips off my dad have fun crying
Don't split Easter eggs fairly, be hungrier for the rest of the holiday
Student spoils my class, I spoil his movie.
groupwork sucks
Making her garden take a dirt nap.
My ex
Petty Revenge on Basic White Bitch
Just ask nicely
Brag about your family being from Spain all the time and be rude to me as well? I'll learn enough Spanish to insult your entire family.
I'm sorry the water was too cold
Turns out, articles about "internet is bad" can be useful after all.
Keep sending me junk mail? I’ll send you something back.
Tinkle Face
Yell at me when it's not my fault? Have fun losing everything in your phone
Cheat on me? No worries, enjoy your drowned PlayStation!
I left a surprise for my cheating ex
He caught mono from a tinder date; I spread the word.
Petty revenge on package thieves.
Block a seat? Miss the stop.
Apologised for knocking but wants to be a dick, gets served sweet revenge
Surprised school bully many years later by befriending his daughter.
Try to get me fired? Enjoy being a jobless single mother
Call me names? You’ve earned yourself one.
i believe i can fly
Ebay seller scams me so i scam him back.
spicy
Boss abused my autism so i got the government involved
sister breaks instrument I've been stealing from her since
A Silent but Deadly End to an EP
2 kids landing face first into concrete
Tinkle Face
Eb with his relative fight me and call police on us,revenge served.
Treat me bad in the relationship? enjoy smelling like throw up.
Don't pay me my holiday money or the hours I worked? Enjoy the text you get with spoilers.
Steal my Term Paper? It's alright, I have another
Steal my stereo and try to get me arrested? Hope you like eating humble pie.
don’t clean up after yourself? enjoy watching me eat some cookies
Steal my lunch? How salty are you?
I get revenge on me bull e
Sure, you can copy off me.
Oh, am I in your way?
If you dont want your carry on touched by other bags, dont store it in the overhead bin.
Treat me terrible the whole relationship? Have fun smelling like throw up the rest of the day
Wanna tell us not to ticket your car? Enjoy getting more tickets.
Bully me for months and harrass me, enjoy a bite mark for the rest of your life.
You have ignored my no solicitation sign for the last time!
Bully me over a Chess game? Hope you like getting completely exposed.
Take my money? I'll take your playstation account.
CopyCat Ex-Boyfriend
Ruin my quiet time by using your speakerphone in the bathroom?
My brother wouldn’t let me use the charger. Little does he know I unplugged it.
Sexually harass me? I will screw with your food...
Bully bleeds for his behavior
Entitled kid stole my brother’s money so my brother decides to prank him eventually leading the EK to be expelled from an important sports event.
Shop Teacher Tricks me Into Doing his Job? Well take this!
Nobody does dishes at work when the office manager takes a day off.
Prick wants answers from me, gets laughed at by class
Taking my gum? You’ll have to poo for that😤💩
Drive 20km/h below the speed limit and then suddenly turn in front of us into the grocery store? You are on my shit list
It ended with the braces
Apartment bully
Hog the pool table? Have fun listening to the mixtape from hell.
Mess with the bull, get the (car) horn
Be Respectful At The Local Skate Park
Disturb an area where there are Great Horned Owls, Ospreys, and Marmots? Hey, have fun in the middle of a river courtesy of a pissed bird of prey.
Acuse mee get a scholing!!!
Take Credit Fot My Work? Bitches, I've Done This Before.
An Old Tale of Petty Revenge
Do the rules not apply to you?
Give Me Credit for Your Work
Getting revenge on the kid who strangled me for the swimming kit HE lost
Take my painless project? Enjoy more work!
I told an entitled boomer to go fuck themselves and didn't get in trouble
We get a copy of the key
Ha! That was a real one!
Crazy high school story
Wasting the time of a griefer in Overwatch
Some Flames Should Just Be Extinguished.
Keep on bragging my man, i'll show you exactly what i think of you.
Short N Snappy
Wildly jealous about the time I spend on the computer? Try to reassemble it.
How my Brother got back at his girlfriend
Ring Around The Scholar
Annoy me? Enjoy spending the day tied to a pole with rocks in your bag.
Caught a kid Masturbating during classPeople steal my stuff so I prick them
More fart stories
Guy Makes Me Leave Restroom With Wet Hands, See How He Likes It Later
My friend doesn’t let me join in a game, I don’t let him do his project and screw him over.
Not being alive doesn’t mean You can’t taste your own medicine.
My bully annoys me for 3 years, 5 minutes make him regret
Just do your chores. or else.
How I got my name
Listen to music way too loudly? I'll kill the wifi.
I am the manager
Get us into the newspaper for cutting part of your tree thats in our yard? Ok.....
You Want to eat our candy that was hard earned well you get one piece of candy at Easter
Im grounded no my little summer child
Make my girlfriend cry? Enjoy your spam, and literal shit.
In middle school I got tired of my friends borrowing my pens like everyday and ima little brat so I'd fill the caps up with some spit and put em back on and wait for it.
You asked for it.
Talk smack about the language I speak? Get ready to hear it!
My Bad Math Teacher
Spit and Shine
I quit my job today, and left a parting gift that will haunt them for years to come.
I Ruin Another Party ... Intentionally This Time
Entitled Dude thinks he can boss me around during a group project, despite him not doing any serious work. He's cast out of it and replaced.
cheating on minecraft
How I cost my step father Business with a simple piece of white tape!
Not as vengeful, but still petty
She’ll never win the best Bingo prize
Be a dick and also make my bathroom hairy? I’ll make it slightly inconvenient for you to shave
Not My Laundry
I was here first!
[NSFW] Keep bumping me in line? Enjoy my farts.
Girl rejects one of my friends and makes him a laughingstock, friend plays ultimate Uno reverse card a few months later
Could use some help
As easy as 1,2,4
Test
Fuck people who talk during movies.
Call the cops on us for parking? Ok.
Kid Poisons another Student
Is this much enough?
Screw with an Autistic Asylum Seeker, will you?! Enjoy living off the grid.
I hope it takes her months to get rid of the ants
I tried to be his friend but he ended up hiding in a car to avoid me
Family being rude in foreign language with petty revenge
I called my brother a snitch in a sneaky way
Mess w/me, I mess w/you
Called me pregnant when I was 13, got punched in the face 8 years later
Annoying Neighbor
Pushed too far
I am the manager.
My flatmates wanted a chore rotation, I followed the chore rotation
Taekwondo master in karate class? Go to hell.
"heeling" a breakup
Break my sandcastle? I'll break your foot.
Annoy me for my whole life? Here's what you get...
I am gonna need your help guys.
You break the rules, I supply karma
Killed my mother-in-law with kindness to a stranger
No sweet tea? Okay then. Deal with the homeless lady
Cheat on me twice, fine have fun fixing your overwatch account
Don't like how I'm standing up in a seat below you? Alright then...
This dude was a complete dick to my brother in law to try to make his YouTube video bigger, please help me get justice
Damn Bugs
Geeeeet dunked on (not literally)
Rage at fellow classmates? Enjoy your ruined reputation!
Entitled customer demands free food. Not on my watch.
My friend pissed me off, bye bye phone.
Destroye her "account"
Fly my pretties!
Customer hoped to get free food from the supermarket. Not on my watch.
Women hoped to get away with her rudeness. Not on my watch.
Inconsiderate roomate
The pettiest revenge of my life
Writing a check
Online revenge
Kids will be kids...will be assholes...will get locked out of their own home
Blocked an atheist who insulted my beliefs
keep using my email? i'll go ahead and cancel those reservations for ya.
Sure you can leave your 3 small children in our lobby
chase me with a stick and threaten me get a rock in the face
You talk shit about me &amp; try to pick a fight &amp; you get ISS
The things that happen when you ask for help sometimes.
One of those crazy dorm stories that will just make you go, what? (NSFW)
Company is switching to BYOD
keep your promises
This is just a stupid thing me and my friends did at a sleepover
The Iceman is Dumbeth
When I try to get back at a bully, I accidentally ruined his laptop
Client is unreasonable, so my supervisor sends him a "gift"
Bully me into depression? I'll ruin your reputation.
School President is a dick- We get revenge
Flasher loses his confidence
Revenge towards my ex
Lie to me about being single &amp; ghost me with no explanation? Enjoy being single now &amp; having your name &amp; face on cheater sites!
I caught my roommate sneaking out his girlfriend of the house we share with our land lady.
Revenge is what you do when the chips are down.
Push me off a ledge? G E T D E S T R O Y E D B Y T H E P E T T I E S T H U M A N A L I V E
Fight me for fun? Enjoy your buzzed head
"Cheat on me? Good bye, romantic and social life"
Terrible Neighbors Block water flow by Slashing a Branch Off OUR Tree
My "long" showers costing your electric bill to explode? OK.
Tried Petty revenge, it didn't work out.Getting revenge on can throwers
Don't serve yourself to other people's food.
Who wins: spoiled girl seeking for attention or prima donna?
I don't like you, enjoy being laughed at by whole school!
“We don’t need heat.”
Captain Ahab and the White Whale of IT
$1 per bad Facebook review
Lurker gets annoyed by abbreviations, get the pettiest of revenge
I get petty revenge on a b*tch in my class
Secret ingredient: love
'Cause I' m rude
Don't clean up after yourself? Enjoy not having wifi.
Enjoy your two tickets/fines
Seriouskly, can recess games be fun?
This is a short one
Say goodbye to your boat.
I'm keeping it.
Take apart my heart? I'll take apart your PC.
You don't have time for me? Good luck explaining that to your VP.
Don’t wanna let me use the elevator? Enjoy having your career DESTROYED
Enjoy Unemployment
Don't want to hear from us anymore? Don't expect me to forward your mail.
Guy used me to get back at his sisters in an extremely petty and explicit way
I'm keeping the car
Not really my revenge but yunno...
14 year old kid tried to open my bathroom stall, I slammed his fingers in the door.
Nieghbor breaks our fence loose ur dog
The petty revenge was unjustified.
Uncle pays more than he wants to.
Annoy me with phone ringing, I'll tell people what you really think of them.
Make me build a house for you in a game? Destroy your house.
Machiavelli ‘ed the General Manager of the restaurant I work at.
He thought he was tough...
At my dinner in the room and my roommate hates it
Send my GF D pics? I'll send them to yours and everyone else.
Robbed the person who stole my phone’s house
No sweet tea? Okay then. Deal with the homeless lady.
When a useless skill becomes useful...
Abuse me for years? Enjoy being in debt!
Hit me in the nuts? Have fun buying a new sweatshirt
He called me gay
Throw my clean clothes out of the dryer onto the floor immediately after they’re done? Looks like you’ll be waiting a little extra longer
My 1st Post! i get bullied
Hiding from a dad because I screwed up
Wake me up in the middle of the night? Fine.
I made someone look slightly more unattractive.
He tried to get me In trouble for nothing but it backfired on himawan
Kick my backpack? Have fun with the AP.
Stain my coat, get water tipped over your head.
Waste my time? Just look at your cat now!
I hate litterers.
Be an asshole to the cashier? Enjoy disappointing your kids. (X-Post r/entitledparents)
You won't help me pack groceries? Ok enjoy your warm beer!
Substitute teacher ranks students
So You Think It's Better For My 8yr Old To Watch It (Even Tough Its NOT For Kids), Just Because Its A CARTOON? Ok! Have Fun Finding The Remote!
Take my seat? Enjoy getting up every 30 minutes
This guy stole my theatre seat.
Getting back at my supervisor in a salty manner
Heavy Baggage: Petty Part-timer
I put my bully's mugshot on T-Shirts and gave them away to local homeless people.
Keep me up during finals? Good luck rebuilding your GPA
Almost hit me? Good luck getting a parking spot!
Won’t give me the sweets for doing shit for you ,fine I’ll be petty
Getting roommate to clean up his act
bully me for 2 years? have fun getting kicked off of the football team
We can’t eat in Spanish now? Picnic time.
The pettiest revenge I’ve ever achieved
Husky Revenge
A passive-aggressive war over an empty toilet roll
Follow me to my apartment and demand to know where I live over your one-sided road rage? Have fun with your write up bitch.
The Text
Goodbye mother, and no friend requests, phone calls or rent either.
I stranded a bunch of drunken students.
Homophobic bitch calling out others at school?
I Might Be Temporarily Blocked for a Week, But Sure Feels Good Disabling His Account
Learn history of this place!
Teacher embarrassed me in front of my class, I embarrassed her in front of the principal.
Obnoxious Alarm Clock
I Hurt My Health and Bank Account To Spite My Brother
My mother says shes happy my grandfather was dead she gets a tiny flashback to her broken jaw
I Crop Dusted an Entire BART Train in San Francisco
Middle schooler has no balls of his own
He Kissed My Best Friend, So I Kissed His Brother
Think my food tastes like shit? Careful what you wish for.
Not bad enough for r/nuclearrevenge
Want a special seat? Here you go
Gave him a spoon of his own medicine
Everything I eat is spicy. You have (not) been warned.
My Teacher’s Professor Trashes Him, He Gets a Bite Back Every Couple Years
Be a jerk, don't get your favorite soup
Follow me to my apartment and demand to know where I live over your one-sided road rage? Enjoy your write-up bitch.
anytime my sister pisses me off, i wait for her to leave her room and i sneak in and untune her ukulele
Do work next time, guys.
Teacher gets some funny revenge on my friend
Take the car I helped pay for? Meet your new wife's best friend.
My little sister continuously was using my toothpaste and leaving the cap off; so I got a pair of pliers and tightened the cap every time I brushed my teeth.
Teacher is harassing foreign students at my school. How do I stop her?
Butterbar hazes master sergeant
Take my money, Alright you can have it.
Entitled Nightmare Bitch tries to bully her way in line, loses out insteadKid Threatens to crack my eye open after I play a song on his Bluetooth Speaker
My friend griefed my minecraft server, so I deleted his house. Emphasis on "petty."
Next time just ask, Mr. Poo tires
Friend and I take what was supposed to be a concert of a lifetime, I end up ditching him and his friend in another city
The Follow Up From John...
Enjoy the Bog of Eternal Stench
My cousin threw a candle at me, so I broke his favourite game
Hate people riding your ass on the highway or people excessively speeding? Save your petty change to throw at them as they fly by and increase your eye hand coordination at the same time.
neighbor believes THEIR laundry should be washed
Rude to my wife? Enjoy your moment of self doubt
Free Mulch.
Never steal the quiet girl's wallet
Friend destroyed Game of Thrones viewing party on Sunday
Rude Niece gets what she deserved
Annoying sister gets what she deserves
Revenge on a University Teacher
Steal my shit, I'll steal yours
My Revenge Against Asshole Toronto Maple Leaf Fans
kids steal from me I get my revenge
I got my little bro out of a group of bullies
Have fun drinking dick juice.
Scare me awake? I don't think so
Best friend hurt me
Highway tailgater revenge
Tricked them into speeding past a cop
Don't mess with me on my birthday
[Meta] Introducing /r/SchoolyardRevenge/, a subreddit for all your schoolyard revenge and malicious compliance stories
Majorly screw my nails up? Have fun being pink and glittery all day. TLDR at bottom.
So you are going to frame me? Fine, enjoy having your things messed up.
I Guess I’ll Just Find A New “Garbage Bin”
Summer camp card thief
Getting back at old bullies feels GREAT!
Don’t pass have fun losing
Assistant Principal accidentally sentenced me to a day of playing around
bully me enjoy you`re broken controller and monitor
Co-worker reports me to management for a minor mistake so I take back my offer to cover her weekend shift.
Bitch of a roommate gets what she deserves
“She Made Me Fall In Love With Her”
She dismissed our reports... So I made a report on her.
My science teacher gets me in trouble for things I don’t have control over, so now she doesn’t have power in her computer.
Nothing unites kids quite like pettiness
I destroyed my friend's phonr
Guy prints out his bully's mugshot and puts it on shirts, gives all the profits from shirt sales to St. Jude's Children's Hospital and gives all the shirts to local homeless so the bully has to see them everywhere.
Be pissy about me lose your group project
Postings slurs in my game? Say goodbye to your Twitch career. (Was told to Crosspost from r/ProRevenge)
"You Gonna Shoot Me, Booth?"
How i got revenge at my classmates who hated me.
Team mates ditch me and coming crawling back &gt;:)
Make Me Clean Your Period Blood from the Shower, Get Socked
Accuse me of stealing 1$, I don't talk to you anymore
Former friend bullies and steals from me and I ruin her prom.
Gonna leave me alone to do everything? Try finding your comfy chair motherfucker.
Don't want to follow directions? Enjoy being stuck in traffic
Rumor has it
I put up with your bullying for 3 years then you push me 1 step too far.
And he is in the hospital
Eating his chocolate really bugs my dad
Oh I'm sorry is my bike too fast?
She tried to stop me from saving a man's life.
My mum took my ipad... so i smashed up her phone
Try to walk out on your tab? Guess I'll let the cops deal with it
You wanna watch films loudly and shout at each other in the middle of the night? Hope you like death metal at 3am.
Call my dog ill-mannered? Have a taste of your own medicine.
Karma is a bitch.
Hit me with a golf club, ILL SCAR YOU FOR LIFE (literally)
The bitch next door
Can’t wait for the game to end, no tv for anyone.
Be an ass to me? Enjoy backpain
Pettiest karma comeback
&lt;repost&gt; Ex best friend for 7 years turns on me and her parents threaten my family, so I make them move states by calling the police and getting them evicted.
You
I think you need to chill.
Any one friend can betray you even my family member can betray you and your pet will not!
Take my pencil case? Have fun bleeding from your hand!
Want to be rude have fun being called out
Crazy Ex Story?
Bully me? Get in trouble.
Cheat on Me? Enjoy the hike up 16 flights of stairs.
Kid steals my $50, I steal a lot of his things
I put my stepdad’s beard hair in my mother’s makeup
Any ideas
CB doesn't pay, time for petty revenge.
How karma got back to my bully
[Petty Revenge] Popular, Entitled Schoolmate Steals My Graphic Novel, Winds Up Expelled
Attempt to blackmail people? Get your twitter account locked for 12 hours
Want free Movie Theater Popcorn? Fine, but You're not gonna like it Lady...
My sister pinched me so I ended her dreams of sleeping....😱
Honk at me? I’ll honk back
Steal from me? Well what goes around comes around.
Try to scam us? Enjoy spending the rest of your night in a cell. Scamming and alcohol don't go together.
How I Got Revenge on my Entire Class by Using an Exam
They employ idiots at Einsteins
Call the police for no reason I’ll keep you up all night
Mom found a good way to tell dinner moochers to get lost.
My parents fucked me over so I fucked them over. (not entitled)
A University Teacher crosses the wrong student
Revenge on sister
When windshield washer fluid attacks
"SHUT UP WE'RE IN A MIDDLE OF A GAME DON'T DISTRACT US!!!" okay then...
My sister got in trouble at school, I decided to take matters into my own handsI GET DISSTRACK TAKEN DOWN IN INDIA
Can't beat my savageness
Ex best friend for 7 years turns on me and her parents threaten my family, so I make them move states by calling the police and getting them evicted.
Bully me and Harm me all year? Sure I'll draw for you
Not so much petty revenge but asking for help to get some
Sweet old petty IT revenge.
Mess with my bro, I’ll mess with you
I made Barney lose his job when I was 5
Guy spoiled my favorite game so I'm gonna spoil something big for him [no actual spoilers tho]
Snitching on Yourself
You're going to use my address to get a permit for a project? I guess I'll tear your fence down.
Pencil to the ear, motherfucker
Don’t check your proporty line? Not our problem!
Still Treat me like the dog shit under your shoes after I help you in hospital, face my mighty wrath
The goat's toilet
Petty revenge on entitled parent for taking my pool chair
Guy Bullies me , Gets yelled by the principal
Take my slice of big pizza have fun with no pizza
Cheat on me? Enjoy having little pieces of shit in your chocolate chip cookie.
Call me a bitch, slap me, and threaten my cat? Enjoy watching TV with a screeching alarm.
I embarrased a guy who'd been bullying me for years
Abuse me and hit my truck? I’m locking you out of your car, old man..
Rude to me? Thanks for the Starbucks!
Troll Offensive
Want to throw a house party? Heres a pool party!
Stingy on the heat? Prepare to get chilly!
It took 4 years to get revenge on a girl who led me on then stood me up.
Racist substitute gets soaked and humiliated
Take my chips/crisps? Have fun without the flavour packets!
Threaten to break my $300 headphones and call my dogs ugly how about no more friends
Getting back at my 5th grade bully
Hurt my back shoving through a plane. Enjoy a face full of hot gaseous air.
“Forget” to invite me to hang out with you? Good luck moving all of your 6 bags down to the lobby by yourself
Enjoy your view
Rabbit Meal Time Yummy
My Evil Younger Self's Revenge
I was getting 1 I got 4 instead
Ways to use those freepost envelopes companies keep sending you...
As you wish
But I left you 2 pennies
Try to steal my lunch? Get suspended for a week.
i embarrassed a guy who had just been a huge douchebag in middle school
Lie About My Pencil? Ok Enjoy a Downgrade
Beat up my friend? Enjoy Your girlfriend healing up with you
Think your photos are more important than everyone else's? Should have planned better.
No regrets
When you’re brother acts like a creeper, sometimes you just rely on the books
Insult My Career Choice as a Wrestler? Say That To Me Again... IN. THE. RING!
University roommate she-devil gets kicked out and faces fine
Pushing through to depart an airplane and not for a connecting flight.
I used to turn off the WiFi when I was mad at my parents as a teenager.
Entitled brat tries to steal my 500 dollar longboard and gets instant karma
Make fun of my project? Have fun with my dad shutting you down.
Pedo vs the police
Enjoy your room buddy boyo
Invade my personal space? Do some work before you sleep!
Ex Girlfriend tried to have me jumped
Older sibling revenge
Nothing unites kids quite like revenge.
Now my Cloths smell like piss
Sister degrades parents wedding. I degrade what is essentially hers
Honk at me all you want, I'm still letting this entire parking lot out in front of me.
Triing to be cool by cheating? Get an big fat F
Street Parking Is Not A Right
Another tale of elevator revenge.
Call and email me a trillion times? Enjoy the same.
I Made my teacher cry
Comedic sketch my friends and I made about pretty revenge. Sub if you'd like to see more!
Scam me? I’ll get you back (reposted because it didn’t show up in the sub)
Good luck starting a youtube career
The most petty revenge.
I promise I’ll bring the key back!
try to grab my IP and scam me? good luck getting banned
Not the best but it still fits sooooo
Shattering the Inner Circle.
Elevator Entitlement Revenge
Leaving me out of the group? I’ll throw away the sheet needed to be turned in!
Make a fake report on me , karma is a bitch
Neighbor thinks he can defy parking rules on my property
Spam callers sure are annoying, aren't they?
2 Faced Ex-friend Gets What She Deserves
Let your boyfriend cuss me out? Good luck getting a job.
‘Borrowing’ my ex’s PS4
Slap me when your trying to fight someone else no no not how it goes
Reschedule the class? Loose 200$ dollars worth of equipment.
use me as target practice in Physics class? hope you like the taste of the floor
You won't give me the ps4 for an hour? Good luck playong it once you find somewhere to sit!
No, I would not like to get scammed. Fuck you
SUPERVISOR SCAMS MY DAD AND BUYS A LAPTOP
5th Grade Revenge on a prick
got my mums boyfriend arrested
IT Teacher makes fun of my stutter, and becomes the joke of the school.
Bully and sexually harass my friend and I? Enjoy your summer!
This guy started harassing my personal YouTube account.
IT teacher makes fun of my stutter, and becomes the joke of the school.
Some guy on YouTube randomly decided to go on all my videos and harass me!
Damage my fence I damage your car
I TOLD YOU I DIDN'T PISS BEHIND THE TOILET!
Guy Copyrights Baseball Team Name Because He Doesn't Like It
Enjoy your now meaningless tattooYou're sure you want the champagne?
So I recently got some sweet petty justice by stuck up classmate!
I gave a teacher 4 and a half stale donuts.
Crazy ex story?
Ignoring me means you have to find a new editor.
Whoops sorry didn't mean to spill my coffee buddy.
My first post: I ruin shows for her still.
Talk shit about my friend enjoy your club shutting down
Cyber-flasher gets the nude he asks for, but not the one he wanted.
Local kids tormenting my dog
Being a bitch about laundry? Here, have all my lint!
Good luck watching GOT this Sunday
Scam me? I'll get you right back
No If’s and’s or Butt’s
Cyber flasher does not get the nudes he was expecting
Bully me in middle school, better be ready for whata going to happen.
Tell me I’m going to hell? I’ll cum in your bed.
No, we would not like to get scammed. Fuck you
TBT
Another awful high school bully story...
Teacher Broke My PC For A Bible Study Class
Be a bad teacher have fun haveing your pay decreased.
You don't like where I park my bike? Ok, I'll move it. Right in front of your house.
You cheated on me? Good luck finding a job.
Petty Revenge that took almost 12 years to accomplish...
WE KNOW YOU BOYS ARE STEALING OUR TIPS!!!
An accidental revenge (movie theater edition)
Hacked then Ruined
I need help with a revenge
Really Rude Classmate Revenge
There ain’t nothing like getting revenge on your sibling.
HOA doesn't like my truck
I get some entitled highschool students worried about the flu
brother pretends to be a trump supporter
My dad wants me to take care of him when he’s sick after he told everyone I was crazy when I had laryngitis
Love is love, and it triumphs.
Boyfriend tried it on with my best friend- instantly regrets it
Moving On
Insult the guy that made most of the foundation for a server during the development stage? You lose it all and it all comes tumbling down.
Be asshole construction workers? Enjoy my dog's shit.
Quit taking our shit or we’ll hide yours
Bully me in middle school, have fun being expelled and being in trouble through middle school.
Teacher want to try to fail me on an assignment for no good reason and give me an extra assignment to make that up? okay.
A little bit
SAVE THE JELLY BABIES!!!!!!
Man Copyrights Baseball Team Name Because He Doesn't Like It
When is it ok to take revenge?
I Framed my Childhood Bully and Never Got Caught
HOA threaten fee’s for Halloween decorations if they are not being taken down by NOV 2nd. Their impatience get rewarded with getting to see Halloween decorations all year long.
Good luck with the elevator!
dont allow me into my companys offices? let me give you a taste of embarrassment.
Don't want to hurry ? Say goodbye to your onions
Want to tail gate me and swerve around me? Have fun sitting next to me at the red light.
Kid spills my drink, so I get revenge.
Got removed from pro revenge so here we go!
I get my version of revenge on lazy classmates
I married the woman my best friend was/probably still is in love with.
My teacher's a dick
Shitty car dealership trying to screw everyone over and posts illegal fake positive reviews
Call about my old vehicle not having tags because I broke my back?
This girl used to hit on my boyfriend early on in our relationship, so now whenever I see her Google account logged in on a school computer, I remove it so she has to type in her email AND password
What’s another word for ‘cat’?
Stalk/Harass me for over a year? Good luck getting cast in future productions.
Attack me and tease me in my own house? I'll break your arm.
You annoy me ? I ,,destroy“ your knees
Try to skip out on presentation? Nah not so fast
Neighbor won’t stop singing in the Karaoke at 3AM. They no longer have a Karaoke machine
Yell at kids, a sweet grandma and other passengers? Enjoy getting flipped off!
Brother Drinks My Water? Guess Who Doesn't Have Cold Water After A Hot Day?
Play games, get framed
Bad roommate gets what they deserved
You bash me up for a year straight i make u go to the hospital
Cheater gets what’s coming his way
Someone was extremely mean and arrogant to a lot of people, including a prisoner of war, so i made this video ridiculing them
Steal my cards? Get grounded.
the pettiest of revenges on my ex roommate
Act like an entitled a-hole? Eat poetry
Don’t let me eat my beef jerky in the car? Have fun smelling at home.
Reveal sexual problems, lose your free rent
Dad absolutely SHUTS DOWN annoying coworker
Inconsiderate colleague makes me take up driving.
You want to accuse me of something I didn’t do and punish me for it ok good luck wasting your time
No more fun for us? Cool. No warning for you.
Girl still our money and lie about that
The Lemon Yogurt Scandel
I don't understand people
My coach was a jackass so i made the team lose
What goes up must come down and back up again and back down...
Make us clean up your shit? That’s fine, bc you won’t be able to wipe your shit later.
Driving school tried to scam me, this is my payback you can help me
A guy called someone with ADD stupid so i ruined their phone
Driving school tried to scam me, this is my payback you can help me
First post
I discovered that my food was racism repellant, so I used it to my advantage
Finally get what you want? But doesn't want it...
Spiced up goldfish
Make my waterpolo practice hell? Have fun in jail sex offender
Tailgate me? Enjoy having a few seconds added on to your commute
Pettiest Revenge on earth
Die mig nite niggggg die die fucker die SUCKfatDickand BEEEERDon't like my eyebrows? Well guess what b*tch.
Sometimes calm understanding and patience is the best way to destroy people.
Went full detective mode on online scammer
Lady loses her job after stealing a phone
Bully Pushed Me To Far
ok, fine, take my phone!
Mess with me good luck with your Xbox account
Teachers suck...
Cheat on me and have your new loud mouth husband validate your actions cuz I was to busy mourning for my dead brother. Let's see how your new husband likes it when the shoes is on the other foot, and let me know how the homelessness goes while I get full custody of the dog and children.
Bully screwed over...
Try and blackmail me because of a mental health crisis? I take away your privileges,Reputation and get you suspended!
Continue to aggressively tailgate me because you're late taking your kids to school? Guess you'll be even more late now you have to wait behind me, while i stop and allow every car from every side street join in front of me BECAUSE I'M IN NO RUSH TODAY
Terrorize the whole school, lose your chances at becoming Homecoming Queen.
Won’t pay me back? Have fun paying all of a month’s rent.
Crazy luck got me some awesome revenge.
Hit my little sister? Have fun stinking like a chip shop.
Destroyed my exes underwear collection.
Signed someone to a website
stealing my shampoo? use nothing instead
Rude gentleman gets an id check for cigs
Office desk chair politics
Sometimes when people leave me on read for a couple hours, I send “are you there?” When they reply I leave them on read for the time they left me on read.
Call me fat? Okay then...
If you play dirty, so will I
Best revenge is your own success, or watching your bully almost crap themselves
Call me a cheater realize that you’re wrong
School Snatcher
Refuse to be served by a female bartender and ask for the manager? Allow me to introduce you to her.
Rip our swing? I’ll rip out your garden.
ROBLOX Cross-Teamers get punished due to a glitch
Rip our shit? Say goodbye to your garden.
Guy tries to scam a repair center, doesn't end well for him
Leave your trolley any damn where
Kid tries getting me suspended, but I pull uno reverse card on him
Blame Me For What I Didn't Do? Here's Lice.
Try and beat me up? Have fun being suspended
It’s just life!
Can’t move the tissue box anymore.
Steal the front lamp of my bike, enjoy your sneaking flat tires.
Ask me to send you a link you could find yourself? Enjoy being slightly annoyed.
Kid Steals My Sandwich, Teacher Makes Him Get Me A New One
Coworker treats me like a subordinate? Enjoy explaining yourself to the board.
Don’t let the younger kids play? Get bamboozled with fake dinner
My grade or your ring?
Eye for an eye, soap for a soap
Dent my car and not care? I’ll do you the same curtesy, sir.
Question About Petty Revenge
The government gets what the government wants. And a whole lot more.
Substitute teacher says persons name is spelled wrong.
Put super glue in my roommates door lock
Your son doesn't like telemarketers? Well, now it's his fault you aren't saving money
This isn't your house, so we throw away your clothes!
Vandalize my store and harass my coworkers? Have Fun in Juvie!
I harassed a girl that was copying me until I got her to admit it.
Pastor gets a little (innocent) petty revenge.
Don’t mess with coat check
Some guy online called my little brother a "fag" so i decided to have some fun.
Wouldn’t let a vehicle come past
Act like a homophobic nasty bitch? Then I'll be sure to make a fool of you in front of many, many people.
NEVER cheat on best friend
You want to slack off? Stop making me work as a receptionist. (x-post /r/maliciouscompliance)
Short, but as petty as you can make it
Found my clothes on the bottom of someone else's laundry basket.
Terrible flatmate gets a healthy dose of karma
You act like a dick, emphasize on how *there* going to your birthday, but i'm not, so I beat the shit out of you.
Devil child petty revenge
Split-Second Petty Revenge
My dad's wife hates banana flavored things
Guy parked where I cleared snow for coworkers and I to leave work up a hill.
Calling out a hypoctire
Blast your music, fine, have no WIFI
If you have to keep using someone else’s stuff, buy your own!
Mess with my stuff? I’ll make sure you never do it again.
Bully gets dropped on school grounds
Suitemate went into my room while I was out for the weekend, and also let someone into my room when I was in class once. Thinking of reporting her for her weed smoking.
Make my girlfriend hate me? Ok then...
Careful. I've ot teenage kids.
A Little Bit of Pity Revenge
Minor League baseball petty revenge
Steal my chips, hope they’re not to sour.
Every single call to your business is a nuisance? Okay. Nuisance it is!
Rude Chinese woman insults me. I speak mandarin
You're continuing to play loud music? Ok, I'll start practicing again.
Terrible flatmate gets served a healthy dose of karma
Do I need to send a Doll?
Death to social career by pettiness
Kick my dog and you will regret it
Bully Gets Crushed After Months of Bullying
Call me a dumbass? Prepare to get in trouble.
Waited 30 years for revenge
Forget about me for a day? Enjoy never talking to me again.
Try and blow past me every weekend? Have fun finding parking.
Neighbour gets taught a lesson by a truck driver; then gets too big for his boots
You insult me? I ruin your summer holidays.
(posted on wrong revenge site) Woman hurts my dog so I hurt her plans.
Make my girlfriend hate me? Ok then...
Hurt me but we still have to be friends? Time for a taste of your own medicine.
A bitch customer who talks trash about my mom gets quite pissed.
Guy uses my friend as a slave then in grade 6 gets fake fbi notes and freaks out.
A petty titleDunkin Dounuts Revenge
Apology Post
Keep stealing my laptop, I'll remove your games
Blow past me every weekend? Have fun walking up the hill.
School bully ended up needing my help years later
That tip isn't for you..
Don't like my post? Well, I don't like any of yours.
Idiot tries to copy my fake answers.
Call me rude names? Fine, Enjoy your “coke”
Never annoy a tired cop (even a part-time one)
Rude teacher calls me a liar.
Petty roommate moves out
An educator used his son to try and attack me, loses his job
Thought this belonged here
Thought this belonged here
Revenge is a dish best served slooooooowwwww
Parked over the line, you get a ticket
Sexual Abusers go unpunished? Curse them.
Dont pay me enough, I will make money other ways
i got nasty revenge on my narcissistic, entitled father with no remorse.
Entitled racist mother in law (spoiler) tries to bribe son to dump me
I got kids expelled by accident
scammed a boy who wouldn’t stop bothering me about nudes
Nothing can happen to my fancy Mercedes
Be angry for something I didn't do? Have a nice surprise opening your soda cans.
Who leans their seat back on a flight?!
My apartments thought they could force me to pay for repairs of broken internet wiring in their walls. NOT TODAY!
Incorrectly grade my assignment? Have fun almost getting fired.
Make noise in the middle of the night? Prepare to bombarded with candy...
He trashed talked my girlfriend so I trashed his car.
Kid gets screamed at by half of the school for insulting my friend.
Another “teacher won’t let me go to the bathroom” story
Fat Kid Kicks My Dad
No. You can't stay and listen to my private medical results and cut in line
mess with me and i break your stuff
Keep me up all night throwing stuff at my windows? Enjoy not having internet!
I called my vice principal a communist and got away with it
I don't want to listen to music from your phone!
I made a guy drive 2 hours across town for nothing, because he sent me a d*** pic
Enjoy your spat on food. or not?
Is the Qur'an God's Word? by Dr Zakir Naik | Full Lecture
Make my girlfriend hate me? Ok then..
Annoying idiotic person gets denied victory
Hit my parked truck and try to get away? Not on my watch!
On a rp website i was harassed for what i rp, so i made up a come back
My detention teacher rekt these kids
Mess with our fountain pens,get inked
Woman charges at me and gets a face full of mud (Ft. r/entitledparents)
Don't like my post? I don't like yours!
Washing dilemma...
I have certain skills. I will find you. And I will downvote you.
Ruin my relationship, say bye to yours then.
Noisy Neighbor Gets Escorted By The Police
Noisy neighbours, how to get some petty revenge?
Make my girlfriend hate me? Ok then...
We don’t gift wrap, a retail assistant’s petty revenge.
Bullshit me? Have to go to the doctor, you say? Have fun missing prom.
Make my girlfriend hate me? Ok then..
Stole books from a shitty teacher.
I got to dish out some major karmic revenge from almost 4.5 years ago. Petty? For sure! But man, it felt so good!!
Stole a shitty teachers books but she couldn't prove it
Exposed my manager for being a registered pedophile
Crackhead Gropes old woman and gets kicked off the bus.
Revenge between friends
My dummy ex.
You steal my charge. I’ll steal yours.
Bodyslam my cousin? Get sprayed down with 1200 BB’s
Eat all my cacio de pepe? I poke holes in your kidneys with a bone awl.
The free swag you’ll never be able to wear...
Mean teacher got what he deserved! Pittsburg Penguins style!
Tenants above me have been banging and slamming since 8am. It's now midnight and I can't sleep so I've been playing them a bedtime audiobook on repeat for the last 20 minutes.
Put mayo in the milk
Amusement park ticket seller thinks I'm a girl. Dad gets her back the same way.
Enjoy the 0.
Having to deal with a racist? just agree to everything he/she says and look at the face he/she makes, it's priceless.
ice cream and mayo flavor that's new
Kid Thinks He's The Boss Of The Chat So I Change That
Guy cheats on one of my best friends and fucks up by lying about it on reddit
Kid calls me fat and I get revenge
Entitled Person with dog decides to go on my friends lawn? I go and scare the shnapples out of her just a bit.
Roommates Keep Me Up, I Provide A Wake-Up Call
Mother in law hates spoons
You bully me? Ill make you hurt...
Dutiful Commuter's Revenge (pre-venge?)
Interrupting Cow
Ruin my Prank? Get scolded for checking out your nuts.
Don't talk shit
Savage Grandma gives scammer ear damage
Me vs Dollar Store version of The Craft.
I don’t want to toot my own horn but
Ich spreche auch Deustche!
basil.
Coworker said something horrible after friend-coworker dies, so I slowly drive her to quit
Cheat on me and break my heart? Well have fun being single
Wanna make lies for people to stop talking to me? Ok then..
Beggars
"Bully" me for half the season? Get ready to pay the price.
Bus jerks (Sorry for formatting, am on mobile) (TL:DR at bottom)
Think you're the best at skiing? Pity you're not the best at speaking German...
I posted this in proRevenge but it was removed since it’s more petty revengehe stole my doritos, I broke him
You use Yahoo huh?
The benefits of looking much younger than you are? Makes revenge much easier
I put subtle police siren sounds over my boss’s music. Now he’s arrested for drug possession.
Problem Neighbors: its a long one!
Girl steals my TTC train seat while looking me in the eyes, I crush her with my knife bag.
Presidential revenge
Tevenge upon entitled classmate
Don't think you can say whatever in a foreign tongue. Someone might understand you.
Bully me? How about i get everyone to hate you.
He tried his hardest.
Kicks me from company I steal his best employee
Random Creep Online Banned From Favorite Discord Server
You took your turn to use the school rules against me. My turn.
Rudly demand my seat at the buss, well F you
Another one bites the flour
Wannabe Karate Kid gets owned in front of his family
Take my chair, just sit there
Is the Qur'an God's Word? by Dr Zakir Naik | Full Lecture
Steal my phone? I'll steal your Computer and waste your break.
Guy assaults me in men’s bathroom for being transgender. I make him lose his custody battle for his son.
Bully, and ignorant teacher enjoy earrape music.
What's that smell?
Be a little shit we'll fuck up your whole day
A quickie.
Stop stealing my stuff, and I'll stop hiding your electronics.
Kid bully's me. I give him a bitch clap
Don't make a fool of myself? Okay...
Call me a fatty in Roblox? Fine.
Stop stealing my stuff, and I'll stop hiding your things.
Kids call me a pussy. I trick them into watching Here Comes the Boom.
Telling me what I can’t read? Well I don’t care!
Call me a Fat Person? Well, have fun being Lectured about Bullying
Unhappy hour
2 Revenge (2nd didn't follow through)
Bully me and call me retarted enjoy an ice ball to the face
I Scared A Group of Teenager Boys When I Was Younger
Entitled college classmate shoves me out of my chair. I bust his nose and break 3 of his teeth.
I accidentally got revenge on my cat.
EP surprised me
Smile! You're on Candid Camera.
Ultimate Millennial Punishment
Break my crayon? I’ll do the same with yours.
Got Over My Fear of Public Speaking to Slam a Homophobe
"OP" used Bide on Bully. "Its super effective" TLDR below
Bully me for 5 years? I'll make you go insane.
Little sister hits me daily. I record over her SpongeBob episodes.
Make us do extreme runs the day before a meet? Sure thing, coach.
The wet bed incident
Yes Actually, I DO Mind...
Throw me under the bus for your incompetence? Okay, then.
Kid scams 5$ from me pays 20$
Battle of the Bands
No drama for u
Kick me out for no reason? I'll make sure you fail.
Make me work while ill I give you “super aids”
Let’s just be annoying I guess
A guy hired me to work on his website and refused to pay, so I replaced his site with a shitting Rhino
Like Excluding people? Get excluded.
Not gonna pay me what you owe? I'll replace your website with a picture of a hippo shitting.
Take that Seat, it's Wet Anyway
Humiliate the small, new kid? I'll get my own back in a subtler way.
The ride isn't designed for someone your size.
I don't need your pennies
The ride is designed for someone you size.
Sorry mam, but the ride is not designed for someone your size.
Kick Me Out Of Cam For Defending Myself? Enjoy Loosing Thousands
My old rich friend is a dick
Frame me to get with my crush? Ok then 😈
No Pie For You
Down with the 'PrL'
No milk for you!
Know It All and Rude? Let me just unpair your iPhone every day.
My petty bike adventure
I do not remotely give a shit that your dad is an NHL coach
Unpleasant Biology Professor, Unpleasant Biological Revenge
Crazy man forces me to talk to his wife on the phone; Got my revenge!
Petty girl steals my chair so I steal her space on the bus!
Discriminate against a kid with downs? Enjoy a fruit smoothie in your car.
Cheat with my boyfriend? I’ll mess up your drink
Entitled Kid bullies me and friends of mine for 5 years, and we finally get him back
Bully gets exposed by me, gets expelled and has to repeat a grade
These 2 Girls Tried To Screw Me Over
Want to be an entitled dick? Enjoy having no water pressure
Ignore my knocking? Taste of your own medicine
Don't assume I don't understand you
Another person too lazy to throw out trash
Sit on property that isn’t yours, enjoy a nice little scare!
Wanna do things without asking me first, when they greatly affect me? Fine, but don't be surprised if I do the same
Chewing gum revenge in progress
Sure, leave your shopping cart in the open spot
Chewing Gun revenge
Don't pick up the phone? Pay extra next time
Elevator revenge
"I didn't get to do any of it and i dont think i deserve the credit"
Elevator revenhe
"well you weren't here"
Getting revenge on an abusive mother
Steal my hose, lose my 80 grand remodel
Guy bleeds me dry of paper and brain cells we play are card game with friends and I am the dealer.Terrible Mother Kicked From Her Son's Wedding
Hit my friend harrase me too, well bye bye your job
Didn’t teach what you should get in trouble for it
I have a separate tray for a reason
Best friend turns out to be a manipulative bitch and is angry she can't force me back into my shell
Brother drank a bottle of my wine, so I ate the last half of his pizza
Stiff me with a smile, have fun sanding off those skid marks!
Short stack
your gonna make fun of my relatives?? hope you got what you where looking for
I was obliterated by karma
Slam my locker now you can’t open yours
Don't litter round me
Eye for a eye Rock for a rock
Don't litter around my Dad
I masturbated into my wife's coffee because she had an affair
Act Like A Baby? Then I'll Scare You By Pretending To Get Left Behind
Want to be an ass to everyone and the kids you’re working with? Enjoy being a laughing stock
Parent tries to sneak up for a better view at an FRC event, Friend makes sure no one else does the same
Oh the speed limit isn't fast enough for you? Bet you'll love 10 mph!
You take my parking spot? You can have it for the weekend :)
Drink my ice coffee without asking? Enjoy your herpes
Active Petty Revenge Plot NEED WILLING PARTICIPANTS
Snitches get Stitches, or detentions .
Complain about wait time? Wait even longer!
Evil school van driver gets revenge served to her 3rd-party
Woman demands my exercise bike at gym, gets a gross surprise
Someone stole my shit, so now they have to deal with the school
Bully gets knocked out by accident.
I told you before now good bye
My friend fucked his brother over big time
I'm going to text someone all the spoilers for Avengers: Endgame.
You are not gonna do anything all year? Fine, I will just waste your time.
Stupid driver at my school
Try to bully me? Hah! Good luck with that!
Awful worplace: get that back, then!
NSFW I'm not the only one who's done this...
Take my friends pencil
So you’re gonna cheat off of my test?
Cheaters never win!
Want to bully me? Alright, enjoy being incredibly uncomfortable.
Seats are limited
He's an EP So I Eat His Cookies
(online game) steal my stuff I worked hard to get? I will make sure to make you regret that
I once ruined a taxi drivers night because he ruined mine
Fuck With Me In Vietnamese And Purposely Ignore My Order? Enjoy Counting Petty Cash.
You fuck me over I fuck your best friend.
Cross post from prorevenge
Rugby tackle me and spray deodorant in my face? Enjoy your suspension.
I got back at a store that my homenumber was listed as there number
F tries to bulky me, gets KARMA
Little Shit Who Thinks He’s Too Cool For Me Almost Gets His Leg Broken
my sister is a germaphobe
Up up and away!
You scammed me and backstabbed me? Pay my debts
Lost connection and no energy
So much for being above cheating, huh?
Think twice before telling people you're going to fight me.
Don't ruin my evening shower
Call me something I am not you shall enjoy a BIG lesson.
Waste my time, you'll regret it
What are some pretty (but legal) ways to get back at my neighbors?
Not going to do your work, I’ll come by early to catch you drinking on the job
Ex Vs. Reverse Cards
Dont have gas money? But need a ride.
Want To fight? Get shoved.
Betray me? Have a clap!
Honk at me? Guess you're gonna have to wait then
Always Cut In the Lunch Line? Wait Another 10 Minutes To Find Something Else To Eat
Didn't help with project?! Time for you to go solo...
No one gets between me and my caffeine.
you like calling me names have fun in Saturday school
Getting my neighbors evicted
'Hard kid', becomes a pussy.
Don't attack me like a coward
Not quite sure where this belongs. Let's start here
Back and Forth Wedding Drama Pettiness
Need help with ideas for annoying my little sister
Brother acts like a dick, I get my revenge!
Keep parking in a private lot and asking for help? Guess you’re getting towed.
Move my arm? Move my book? No problem, sir.
Want to complain about me in a different language I understand? Fine
Think My Mom's House Is Yours? Enjoy the Smell!
My apartment neighbor hates trash being left by our door!
Be a bunch of self centered jerks enjoy the very annoying bus ride home
Don’t do your work? Have fun with a 0
Throw ranch carrots at me and mess up my hair? I’ll wreck your whole hoodie.
not taking care of your kids and get severe hangover?your gonna burn in hell.
Telemarketer spam: a rememberance
Push in line? Have fun at the back.
I control the Wifi now
Better get your task done, or else
Do absolutely nothing on the project, okay but don't expect to do anything on it anymore.
Getting Revenge On My Project Partner
Revenge by spitting in a donut
You hurt me. Now i begin to learn to stand up for myself
Being polite to an A-hole kid was a mistake... To him.
Bully me cuz my spine is bent in and it makes me look fat, well have fun sh*ting your self.
My friend's petty revenge.
Petty payback on my niece
friend steals playstationPlayer insults my DMing and quits, i have his character eaten by ghouls to explain his disappearance
What started as petty revenge spirals out of control years later
FARRRRRRT NOISE (bye bye scammer)
Someone Isn't Getting Into Their Dream School
Would You Like Fries With Your Revenge?
Don't waterfall my drink, enjoy soap!
how to make someone just about crap them self
Colleague disrespects Supervisor and learns lesson about power and respect.
Encouraging disrespect to a Supervisor, gives colleague a harsh lesson about power and disrespect
Spam calls and the NSA
my sister is a germaphobe
1st year wrestler brags about his medal only to see my 7-year collection
Talking about head shapes
Bubble heads, bubble cars and diesel
Wait, you want ME to do YOUR paper?! I haven't spoken to you in YEARS
Bully me? Enjoy getting expelled
Cant im to poor
Slipped my Mind
Stepmom makes my muscles burn so I make her burn
Verbally Abusive Dad Plays Victim Card? Have Fun Hearing the recording.
Break my lipgloss, and I'll give you nightmare fuel for weeks
A very petty, mildly chilly revenge.
Giving a bully a bloody nose
Make Fun of my Suicidal Thoughts? Good Luck Winning Prom Queen
I spammed a telemarketer back
steal my rocking chair, i'll mess up your pizza night
That time I failed a project I loved out of spite
Make my life hell for years, enjoy facing your worst fear
Posted on pro revenge, apparently not pro revenge, ao let's try petty revenge
Teacher makes me hand in assignment early as punishment, backfires
Are you saying that my panic attack is a prank? I'll fight you in our game with my army of ducks.
Teacher gives me unfair work? Enjoy maybe losing your job!
"block me in and flip me the bird? have fun with the police."
I was told this belonged here...
rk thinks he is funny
People stole this guy's food at school, so he burned them with Ghost pepper.
Take an old unused WiFi router and change SSID to get revenge on long term problem neighbour or business. Plug in and forever broadcast your statement i.e. "SHAVE_YOUR_BEARD_SUSAN" or "DRUG_GROWHOUSE_IN_APT_34" or "HORSEMEAT_IN_OUR_BURGERS"
Neck me and yell at me? Not today.
Throw a can at my car? Officer, I swear he was drunk...
Roasted toasted
My teacher pranked the class, so I pranked her right back.
Grown educated adult acting like a crybaby? You lose all respect from me.
Don’t undermine the supervisor
Yes,actually...I DO Mind
RING RING MOTHERF*CKER!!!!!
Yes, actually...I DO mind.
Better luck next time!
Housemate sink enemies
Maybe I punched too hard
My Theater Practice Came In Handy
Petty Revenge is the best kind of revenge!
Acidic foods = Very sticky disgusting mess
Treat everyone like crap, even thought your ass is on the line, go to jail (again)
Management won't address the 10+ noise complaints against my neighbor so I start practicing again.
Treat me like garbage? Have fun with that.
Try to delete system32 on my friends computer? have fun not having system32 like you tried to do to my friend.
Kick Us Out at 4:00 am in a scary neighborhood with no place to sleep? Here come the Banshee Parents
Am I a white trash? I hope you enjoy waxing my balls and ass.
Try and bully me because I'm an easy target? Enjoy being shamed in our group chat.
Shove your personal beliefs at me, I'll make your life hell. :)
Don't make fun of the shy kids next time.
I made a subreddit that combines all revenge stories in one place so you can have an easier time browsing without switching subs.
Never bullshit a bullshitter
What are some ways to sabotage my snoring pig roommate's sleep?
Better luck next time!
Annoying my bitchy substitute teacher
[META] I made a subreddit that combines all revenge stories in one place so you can have an easier time browsing without switching subs.
Heh. Revenge is a crush best served... hot
A Chemistry Teacher vs. A Newspaper Carrier- Who do you think wins?
Red light, green light, go!
Downvoted on everything
You just got burned
Try to take my dog say good bye to your garden
No pretzels for jerk teacher.
Hook up with our mutual friend's gf? I'll make sure you fail a class!
Lady wants video game...acts horrible and I get revenge.
kick me and my brother out of the party for no reason? okay, enjoy your phone being blown up.
Teacher harasses me and thinks she'll get away with it,guess she won't be a teacher ever again
A trashy gift for a messy scholar
Karma hit hard. Thanks Karma
How to be The Hero and have Petty Vengeance too
Treat me like shit, the shitting game is on
I have committed an act of war...
Neighbors have repetitively been loud. Hear my dog bark and your dog destroy your bounce house because of it.
"You can pick it up at the Police Station. No, not that Police Station."
Parents assault me over my wifi, but get lit up by airsoft guns (xpost from r/entitledparents)
Don’t use others stuff without their permission
Lie then fire me? I'll report you breaking the law!
Janitor lady was a rude ass, so I gave her something to clean.
How much for a small water cup???
Try to steal my game?!? I blow up a soda and take it back
the standing revenge
Treat me like a bull, Then get the bull.
Walk in front of me slow, get french fries in you backpack
Revenge was a dish best served asymmetrically.
FearOfMissingOut (FOMO)
FOMO
A girl annoys my girlfriend for months. We finally get some revenge.
You go onto my account in PS4 and curse 100 people from my friends list? I hope you LOVE exposure, snitching, and jealousy.
Never let the students know more than youPlay stupid games. Win stupid prizes.
I made my noisy housemate walk up and down stairs multiple times every night
You wanna talk shit about me? Have fun blowing through your data in seconds
I injured someone...
Don't f*ck over the IT guy.
Don't f*ck over the IT guy.
Im not an Uber lady- The time I accidentally rescued a CB in 'distress'
Give us anoying assignment? fine, I'll make mine anoying to grade.
Christmas in March
Yee
Coworker is constantly rude without any reason.
Loving woman looking for well-groomed man with a good heart and humor
Trashtalk me? Get hated by everyone
Creepy teacher drops me to standard, so we get him fired.
Falsely accuse me of harassment? Enjoy my brand of retaliation
Student brings his KKK robe to class, gets put with majority black teachers
Mess with my friends. Get kicked out!
Break haunted house rules, get punched.
Pee in a cup!
My mom has a bad-ass comment for a Jerk
Wrote a letter to my “loving”brother
Brother Harassed me and i threw a book at him
Person attacks my cousin , threatens me karma takes it course.
Neglectful dad gets subtle petty revenge
(I’m a waitress): Make me stand there while you berate me for an extended period of time on how I “obviously wasn’t listening”, just because I forgot to bring an extra plate to the customer, despite my apologizing &amp; remedying the situation IMMEDIATELY? I hope you like hair in your food, lady!
I made my annoying housemate walk three flights of stairs multiple times a night just because he wouldn’t use headphones
The perfect partner
It’s not pro enough for ProRevenge so I think it belongs here.
In a hurry? Let me slow you down.
Make Me Do All The Work? Yeah No Thanks
I want to put him on blast. But will this come off as petty?
Finally got revenge after all these years
(i don't know what to use for a title for this one)
What is the worst thing you've overheard one person say about another, (yourself included)?
Sell me a counterfeit vape? I'll destroy your E-bay store.
No Hogging Holiday PTO
Got back at a terrible teacher who hated me
5yr old gets mad and we ban him...
A $600 apology
Publically shamed by a toddler
I threw a bottle at my brother
Ruin our lawn get evicted simple as that
My friend gets taken advantage of and dumps her in a hilarious way
Take my xbox? You haven't got any controllers now.
Push me and hurt my foot? Good luck asking your crush out
Bully me for a year? enjoy getting knocked out in front of the whole school
Mild Inconveniences
Mini stories of a kid in my class and how karma and revenge happened :3
Be mildly irritating like literally one time? I get my extremely petty, nigh-imperceptible revenge exactly 5 years later!
Lady Chose the Wrong Day to Road Rage with Me
Bullying? Enjoy having your key in the sewer.
Nag me again and I'll show you.
I wrote a bad review about my boss and he was asked to leave.
be a douche to me? enjoy being soaking wet
Prat gets life ruined
Gym teacher favorites other team I chuck a ball at her head
Be mildly irritating like literally one time? I get my extremely petty, nigh-imperceptible revenge exactly 5 years later!
Icebreaker Vs Coke Zero!
Put cheese on me while I'm sleeping? Hope you enjoy your shower.
Mess with my friends enjoy counting one's
I just caught you begging for this money using your child as bait.. have fun counting $50 worth in small coins!
bully me for being a ginger, cry in front of everyone for a small push
Using my custon green paint? Have fun mixing it by yourself!
Trip me? No bitch, I trip youuu
My bully in primary school gets betrayed in year 3
Kid does nothing During Math Class, Gets a suprise
2 years in the making
Oh ignore me? ok i’ll give you a C
Lazy husband sent on fools errand
Be mildly irritating like literally one time? I get my extremely petty, nigh-imperceptible revenge exactly 5 years later!
Make fun of me when I cry sure cough up $50
You steal my dice and portable charger? Have a nice walk.
Pair presentation goes horribly wrong, but not for me...
Harass the dogs while their owner's away, not gonna let that slide.
Eating my brothers cereal cause he tried the to eat mine
Bully me, my friend, and take advantage of her anger issues and ADHD well let’s see what happens...
Cause me trouble say goodbye to your social life.
Don't Know IF I was being petty but it was FUN
Throw flowers at my teacher? Ok, guess he will assemble his own SWAT team out of students.
Don’t yell in my ear
My Counsin wants to hit on me and my sister and kitten well you're in trouble.
Brag to my mom, you’ll regret that.
Talk Shit Get Hit (Discord Edition!)
I used imaginary snot to psychologically destroy my opponent in a road rage incident. No Regrets.
Cheating off me? Not today.
Sexist Sub Threatens to kill me for doing nothing.
Abusive grandmother dies. I laugh after hearing about her death.
He trash talked my girlfriend so I trashed his car
Helping an "ally"
I purposefully burned a customers tongue
a racist gets what he deserves.
My sister wouldn't listen, so i made her cry
[Very Short]I Get back at my bully barely and he is now staying away from me
F with me in my car, I kick you out.
Don't like my husband? Goodluck finding your theater.
No one knows how to set a timer for their laundry
Owe me money for 6 months? Enjoy this.
Give our teammate a concussion? Well I guess Karma will deal with you.
friend only uses me when she has nothing else to do
Jokes on you JohnathanWon't yield to stops? Have fun with speed limits!
An outhouse revenge story
Someone in my building took my laundry out before the drying cycle ended and put it on the floor. I circled back and opened the dryers with her clothes. I wish I could see her face when she finds everything still wet.
Woman is teasing my autistic Brother after a hard day... my Mother is a little petty.
This lady honked her car horn so loud I almost hit the car in front of me
You exploited me to the whole school? Just you wait until your mom finds out
Be a douche all week? Enjoy being lost in a place whose language you don't speak.
Teacher took my phone for bs reason, I brought in 10 more devices the next day.
Help need, legal petty revenge best
I got a girl's full paid volleyball scholarship revoked for calling me a "bitch ass beaner"
Wanna steal my snack? Sure, enjoy this one!
Bus drivers take their revenge
I don't like you smoking and now we're all liars.
Impatient lady messed with my laundry.
Almost killed me pay some money
Animal Abuse eh watch me take your life away
Brother gets some sweet petty revenge
Roommates friends keep partying, crashing and trashing our place. Enjoy your Thanksgiving dinner with a side of petty revenge
Sorry, you’re not as vegan as you think you are.
"Friend" eats shit and his own words
Got my sister's bully arrested.
Lady cuts me in line for the subway, I make her miss her exit
You tell me I'm useless, I'll explode soda in your face.
Get revenge on duck faced rotten drop of rose wine!
Teacher gets just desert
Best friend took my pencil so I took all of his for a month
She called me the wrong name, I ruin her
Girl tries to screw me over in a group project, I ruin her grade in the subject she loves the most
Forcefully correct my penmanship? Enjoy correcting my homework.
Harass me in my own flat? I'll get you evicted
Be super annoying and rude triplets? Fine- I'll just report your every action.
Kid attempts to bully me and my friend, he gets suspended.
Teacher gets his just desert
You disrespect me in my section, you'll just get bad music stands.
Roommate moved out without paying his share of the utilities
I have to move pretty much everything? Okay.
When I get spam calls I tell them this is my work phone and to call me on my personal phone. I give them the phone number of an old friend who screwed me over big time.
Short term loser, long term winner
I would have put out a gun it don't make no difference
You want a fence you got one
Neurotic Neurologist.
Skipping the lunch line? Time to make you wait.
YELL BRICK ON FREE THROW SCORE 30 ON YOU
{}{}{}
Steal my story, I’ll steal your money?
Entitled coach tries to have my spine broken!
Be a problem for everyone, have fun with your parents.
I tricked my stepsister into thinking she was pregnant.
Go back on our arrangement? Fine, we’ll call you on your shit
Get cocky over a goal? Nice vision.
Psychology served pettily.
Tattle on me have fun not using a computer
Trash our road? Well, I'll help you trash your own car.
He trash talked my girlfriend so I trashed his car
Kid tells me to KMS, I didn't let that slide
You Mess with my Best Friend? We'll End Your Writing Career
He has to take all the brownies out.
Vegan EG who bullies me tries to cut in line so I take the last salad.
Fake GoPro?
Isn't it funny...
Steal my speaker, have fun being labeled a perv
Don’t mess with dentists
Kid harasses me I ban his ps4 account
Typing a corporations name in lowercase that I don't like.
Annoy and hurt me. Fine you will be in the ground.
Rudely tell my brother he shouldn’t ride his mini bike? Prepare for some petty revenge
My Step-Dad and his friends' revenge against a bum friend.
Don’t park in my spot (sibling debate)
take my drawers away? i take them back and ask big boi to stand with me
Harass me? Never get a girlfriend
Fire me after 6 years? Well enjoy the lack of bathroom supplies
Make me nearly fall to my death and don’t care? Enjoy a lifetime ban 😈
You should have made noodles earlier!
Threaten me ill get you in more trouble
Expose Me? Get Drenched In Your Own Drink
[PETTY REVENGE] CARTOON BETTER! BETTER FOR GRANDSON!
Supervisor: "No texting during work!" Later, SHE does it, and I let EVERYONE know about it, including her boss.
EM ACCUSES ME OF RAPE ON HER DAUGHTER.... Im a girl...
Double petty revenge in the same day
Give my daughter spoiled medicine I’ll take report you to the state
Guys threaten to kick my ass, so I steal their dates for the night.
Pre-story update thing
Guys act like assholes, so I steal their dates.
Pre Story Update Thing?
don't make fun of the dwarf
I received a $0.01 closing payment bill from my city for a remodel I did
My teacher hated me, so I made a “mess” in her classroom.
Break my heart Ill ruin your relationship
I got a $0.01 “closing payment” bill from my city for a remodel I did. What’s the pettiest way to pay this?
Girl breaks my best friend’s heart, harasses me throughout their relationship, then continues to talk shit once it’s over. I, in turn, make her lose her best friend of 3 years.
Won't give me my $50 bonus? Fine, enjoying losing $10,000.
Talk down to us about our IT skills, enjoy fixing this
Won't give me my $50 bonus? Okay, have losing $10,000.
ET and EK almost got me suspended
Jerk gets what’s coming
You Give Me The MiddleFinger I Get Revenge
Take my textbook? I'll get u in BIG trouble
Disrespect my town? Take the long way around.
Play a video super loud on a bus at night time? We'll see about that
I appreciate message previewsRefuse To Fix A Basic Computer Issue, Be Prepared to Have It Messed With
Have fun
Harass women have fun being made fun off
Play loud music, get pathetic petty revenge.
I annoyed my substitute
Are you resting your head on your hand? That makes you a girl
Try To Take Away My Best Friend...Good Luck Having No One Vote For You
annoying little kid
Petty revenge against an ex who cheated on his current with me.
Can’t Get Off The Computer For A Few Minutes? Have Fun Going Without It For Over A Week.
Want me to move your stuff after a good dirt bike ride? Enjoy moving it
Won't turn your music down? I'll mount a subwoofer to my wall.
Don’t steal my lead
Try to block me off? Have fun in your corner!
You don’t need me and will find someone better? Fine, please do.
When keeping it real goes right
Revenge on the ET.
He trash talked my girlfriend so I trashed his car
bully me for years ? good luck getting into your dream school
Cut in front of me? Watch me take the last burger
You curse my friends at PS4? How about I expose you in return?
Snitch on me for cussing? GET SUSPENDED
You don't know? I don't know either.
Possibly ruined an ex's job hunt.
The bully in my class breaks my watch and starts crying after teacher tells him off
Disrupting tired passengers on a cruise? F*** off!
Keep me behind? Ill keep you behind
Vape in the bathroom? Enjoy getting busted
If you eat someone elses lunch, prepare yourself for retaliation.
Bigger Bag? Okay
Let my dog exact petty revenge on my behalf
Kick my shins under the desk, hit your own shin on it
Bully me for 2 years, get your ass whoop
Bully me for 3 years? Enjoy being suspended and losing a soccer tournament
Be an indispensable employee, then bolt.
Mess up with my work ? Have fun working a 24 hour shift and finding someone else to fill my post
A couple of surprises for an unpleasant landlord
Karma hit a rude train lady
And Then We Never Showed.
My bus is due,can i cut in.....
My boss needed me more than I needed her.
and then we never showed.
And Then We Never Showed.
The bitch who constantly reported me to the local council for repairing my car has been forced to sell hers due to not being able to pay road tax and insurance. Shes become broke!
Thanks for ditching us, asshole
If my girlfriend let's you in front of her in the bathroom line, be grateful.
Get the task done, or else
I need help with some revenge
Coworker thinks she can out petty me?
Enjoy listening to Shakespeare constantly you want to bully me for more than a year!
Hope you like smoking my butt juices!
Girl ruins life, teaches her Korean and embarrasses her greatly
Dennis the Menace Mode on Roommates
Messer Becomes the Messed
Scam me? Have fun losing your job and getting your shit broken.
Patient tried to steal watch, sets off entire staff
Want Pancakes? Make Them Yourself
Another awful High School bully story
Push my friend into the road. Get yelled at. (First writing post)
bully me? have a nice can too your face
My ex ruined state competition and spread horrid rumor. I marry her long term crush
Steal my stuff? Enjoy feet pancakes
Boyfriend Gossips About Me? Publicly Shame Him And Lose Him.
The Del Taco sweet tea revenge.
He trash talked my girlfriend so I trashed his car
Enjoy your 8 hour layover after trying to steal my charger
It Must Run in the Family!
Cheting Girlfriend Flashes Public Transportation
Teacher hates my family I make the school hate her.
Not allowed to use the school power points? Lets use a generator
It's ok, she's a farm girl!
Enjoy your drink my good man
Try to bully me? Have fun breaking your bones.
Dennis the Menace Mode Activated
Get the task done, or else
Friend Turned Rude Professional Disappointment
Get the task done, or else
Cousin's friend ditches her when doing an important project.
Annoying kid gets a taste of his own medicine
Great Grandfather humiliates two high schoolers fighting
Turning lights off for annoying tour guide
A $600 apology
very rude customer changed her mind and expects me to help her, Spoiler: I didn't!
This wasn't even an intentional petty revenge but it's definitely karma
Kid pushes with my friend over a ball, gets suspended.
Scammers have to deal with talkative grandpa
Got Back at a Terrible Teacher
Only pay my father half of what he asked? Have fun with half of your website!
Dizknee line aggravation
I switched my broken doorknob for my brothers lock.
Drop my lunch and mock me in front of friends, enjoy the broken nose you bastard.
singer wants to fire me from the band, too bad I'm best friend with the leader
Aah, now I can study in peace.
Try and punch me? Goodbye dream job
sister steals my stuff to give to friends as birthday presents
HELP TO GET MY PETTY REVENGE!!!!
You punched my friend? Good luck on crutches for the next 6 months and a brace for a year after that.
Short, but as petty as you can make it
Try and touch my sister get punched by me
Being harassedTell me I’m gonna fail? Don’t get mentioned in my speech
Be a jerk to the cashier? Fine, pay almost double for your burgers.
Act entitled and I’ll ruin your friendship
Eggs and cream
my boyfriend is petty
Yell at my dog for sniffing you tree see what happeneds when you come and sit on my bench
Passenger thinks that insulting the Conductor is included in the ticketprice
my psycho ex friends
i was petty when my ex started dating my best friend so i used his netflix for 3 months
Bump into me on purpose? Enjoy a face full of mud.
revenge on bully
Wrong number Payback
Got suspended. Guess you’ll have no toilets for a while
I heard you like Bruce Springsteen
Cheating Aunt Got What she Deserved
Crazy lady doesnt understand data protection laws
🎶What can I say except you're welcome?🎵
[Petty Revenge on EP] CARTOON BETTER FOR GRANDSON!!
Receiving end of petty revenge
Rude Customer
My sister me got me in trouble, so I had a little petty revenge
Officers tried to trick us into selling them weed, so I tricked one into getting high
Let me help you watch your children
Denounce my Faith? We'll see...
Annoying friend doesn't get to enjoy smash
He trash talked my girlfriend so I trashed his car
Treat your customers badly I make your night worth wile
Some peoples parents were called
Work cut my hours to avoid paying OT on saturdays
You want to be a jerk driving? I’m am the king of this parking lot!
Booby trapped phone charger
Kids in my group do jack-sh*t for a project and get nothingness
Oops, I must have heard you wrong; my bad.
You roast me? I ruin your life
Don't let my friends eat their lunch? Get the ultimate no u!
I'm just mean
My leg hair is long out of spite
You torture my dog? I torture you.
You had me at hello. Well, three hellos
Bully damages my laptop, gets sent to Spain childprotection instutution.
Kid jokes in class get's PUNISHED
Small victories are sometimes the best revenge
Cheated on me? I’ll keep the gifts!
Bullies bully me, enjoy bad grades and wrecked bike.
Postmates driver gives me wrong order
Litterbug being littered.
The 8th grade Manhattan project
Yot think all furry rper's are pervs? Ill make my friend rp with you and make you regret it.
My asshole roommate just left for a 2 week vacation....and left her car parked in a handicap zone.
Our 8th grade Manhattan project
You think all furry rpers are pervs. ok ill make my friend rp with you and make you regret it.
Like mother like daughter - the tale of my moms petty revenge
Keep me up while i try to sleep?I can do that too!
My loud neighbors found out, I too, can be loud and obnoxious.
Don't mess with a goody-two shoes!
Don't mess with a goody-two shoes!
Kid brags about his Pokémon card, gets it taken away for the rest of the year.
Kid steals things from me so I steal an important test grade from him
Asshole neighbor stole my wife’s new doormat, so I threw his in the garbage.
You want to use the pan that I cleaned? Ok
Don't mess with a goody two shoes!
I get my pettiness from my mama- this is too funny to not share.
Store owner canceled our Christmas party to buy a motorcycle.
A literal pissing match
A literal pissing match
I get a bad grade. I will know what happened
He trash talked my girlfriend so I trashed his car
Next time, let me just go to the bathroom
Kid is a bitch I take his $200 earbuds (TL;DR at end)
Thief got a nice surprise
A got some payback on a annoying coworker!
Small but sweet victory
Like music? We’ll you’re gonna love my operatic puppy
Driving like an asshole? GET BURRITO-ED!!!!!
I'm honestly so annoyed
Guess it now "sucks" to be him!
Don't flirt with my underage boyfriend and expect to keep your job
Flirt with my boyfriend? Have fun losing your job!
You want me to get motor vehicle registration for my bicycle? I'll get you fired!
Petty Revenge on My Brother
Unfair to your students? Enjoy a whole class against you
Im back reddit
You like hammers? I love music!
Wake me repeatedly with your gaming rage, enjoy losing your rank.
Revenge for the office food/drink thief!
So You Get In Fights Cause Of Soccer?.....No More Soccer until 5th Grade
Enjoy your friend's spit, asshole.
Put disgusting rotten nachos next to me get hit in the balls twice and your food thrown at your face for littering
[Repost] You threaten me, I steal your girl.
Level 1 asshole cleric slaps himself across the face
Bully me for years we'll see about that
Not that big of a deal, right?
He trash talked my girlfriend so I trashed his car
My best revenge is simply existing
Ideas please
Repost original posted by u/rustycrap
Wanna be an ass? Okay two can play that game.
Want to ruin our trip, ok well make yours hell
Use a friend's account and don't tell me, you will have to sign up with your own
I get petty revenge on a small-time bully.(REPOST)Roommate was being an ass about $125 increase in rent so I spite him
The pusher
Another update to accuse me of theft, enjoy waiting on your packages
He trash talked my girlfriend so I trashed his car
He trash talked my girlfriend so I trashed his car
Roommate didn't want to split the cost of $500 equally so now it cost him double.
The quiet ones can do damage too
He trash talked my girlfriend so I trashed his car
Inside Your Dog's Mind with Victoria Stilwell
Always talk the bullies language
Dunkin Doughnuts CB/Petty Revenge
Borrow money from me and refuse to pay back, while being sexist and racist? Watch your “career” burn before it even begins.
He trash talked my girlfriend so I trashed his car
Dont expect the same price if you are going to be rude.
Passive aggressively bully my friends for being gay? Enjoy having it shoved in your face.
Fire me? Feel free. I still have my uniform.
Bully Me I Make you cry
Steal My Bracelet? I'll Steal Your Pencil!
Embarrass me in choir? Hope you enjoy VoiCe CrAckS
Bully me I’ll get you grounded for 2 months
Enjoy your friend's spit, asshole.
Bully me I’ll get you grounded for 2 months
Disrupt my sleep, lose your phone
Bully me I’ll get you grounded for 2 months
You want the ACTUAL PRICE? Let me get it for you :)
You want us to fix your laptop so you don't have to take it to the tech department? Ok, we'll make it so only they can access it
Neighbors kid try’s to stab my friend with a saw my mom was having none of it
Restaurant scammer
You want us to fix your laptop so you don't have to take it to the tech department? Ok, we'll make it so only they can access it
Feeding Entitled housemate bugs
Entitled housemate’s friend moves in and gets no internet
Call me while I'm sleeping? Let me call you when you're sleeping!
Thanks, I think I'll buy it.
My friend makes fun of me so I accidentally break his phone
He trash talked my girlfriend so I trashed his car
Best thing to do to double parked cars.
Entitled Kid acts like a Flaming ***hat, Gets What's Coming to Him
Ex Boyfriend Cheats And I Get Revenge
Take my stuff? Well isn’t karma jerk
Retail Revenge
EK tries to destroy my igloo, I throw him off of it instead.
Shitty roommate (long but sweet and satisfying 😈)
Say I don't have any common sense? Prepare to lose your job
Old man farts
Threaten me, I steal your girl
My hypocritical coworker made me cry so I took away her Facebook
Annoy the entire class. Enjoy your dead phone
No respect? Enjoy all these minor annoyances!
Annoy the entire class for months. Enjoy your dead phone.
Calculator War ends in my victory
I subscribed to T-Series because I’m annoyed by all the subscribe to PewDiePie stuff.
Some guy on the seat in front of me recined his seat so I got my revenge.
Unintentional Bronchitis
Harass me about my ex cheating on me with you?, say good bye to your GF
Boy hair
Dog shit
Ruin my cooking and blame me? How about no.
Chemical weapon retaliation
See Emily Play (A bit Choosing Beggar as well)
Close my locker? Get your electronics wet
A shit school
A shit school
Refuse to pull your weight? Alright,I'll leave you to the mercy of the English Lexicon.
Bully me? Alright I'll make you run for your life.
Lemme check with your boss
Got my ex out of the orchestra
Dare to steal MY cheese? Enjoy your hot pepper cheese
I’m a fucking gremlin
Ski condo upstairs partying at 3:30am, so excited for my kids to wake them up in a few short hours.
Douchebag supervisor gets demoted, and quits, over a bite of cake.
break my doll see what happens
Cheating Aunt Got What she Deserved (Small Karma)
Invite Yourself Over Multiple Times? Enjoy doing nothing.
I gave a bully a taste of her own medicine
Never clean the table after work? Stress over your stuff and be late for the meal
You want to try to dig a pool zone while drunk, run over our tree, and take a fat pee right in front of us in your back yard have fun.
Did you nose?
He trash talked my girlfriend so I trashed his car
He trash talked my girlfriend so I trashed his car
Supermarket activists.
Douchemobile gets barbiefied
Roses are red, Violets are blue, you made fun of my fanfiction so I'll make fun of your writing too!
Just a little bit of pink spray paint
Wife, me, and an air mattress
Swimming pool revenge
Douchemobile gets barbiefied
Japanese kid learnt quite the lesson.
Denied a Bathroom Break? Hope you enjoy cleaning up my ... “mess”.
oof
Annoy me and get your clay owl smashed
Another awful high school bully story...
You lie to me and use me. enjoy being single
special needs helper was an entitled jerk so i got her fired
dickhead hits friend during pool MULTIPLE TIMES, have fun with a black eye
LET IT GOOOOOOOO!
Wronged me in secondary school? Now pay the fine for not having a train ticket.
Act like an asshole? Enjoy your diaper
Little brother annoying me. So I’ll creep him out.
Random woman really wants my donut. I'm going to have to disagree.
Douchemobile gets barbiefiedI work as a dishwasher, and after being treated like shit for months I’m thinking about doing something....when everyone leaves and the time comes to clean I’m thinking about unplugging the fridges and freezers to give them a pleasent surprise for tomorrow.
Rumors come back around
Did you just eat my fry!?
Dont call me fat or ill spread your nudes
No bagal for you sucker!
He nearly got me injured I got him fired
Petty revenge after a year of asking them to be quiet
My grandma's neighbor is swearing up a storm asking "When the fuck are your clothes gonna be done?!?!?" Was only gonna be 2 loads but grandma is feeling the need to spring clean and wash everything remotely dirty.
Annoy me and I’ll disable the only thing you have.
Douchemobile gets barbiefied
Won't stop blocking our street, try to get out.
Douchemobile gets barbiefied
My Ex
"we didn't help but hOW DARE YOU REMOVE US?"
Why you gotta step on people's toes, biss~~
Teacher insulted me in front of whole class, I ruined his Clan.
Talk about hurting the woman I love? I'm gonna go after the only thing you care about.
Another awful high school bully story...
A coffee thief gets no coffee ( don’t know if this belongs here)
Want something to drink, but don’t actually drink it?
Friend/roommate was using my deodorant behind my back, so I covered it in icy hot.
Sketchy Airbnb Rules
Bully me? Alright I'll make you run for you life.
Push in front of me? That'll be £10, please.
Bananas are too inconvenient. Hey could you get me soy milk?
Bully everyone at mums and toddlers? I throw you off a slide
Help me get my literary revenge!
Bippity boppity boo, i got revenge on yo...myself
Dirty Apple vs Noodles
Douchemobile gets barbiefied
Wronged me in secondary school? Now pay the fine for not having a train ticket.
Kid takes advantage of me when drunk and I ruin his life
Douchemobile gets barbiefied
Call me a bitch, slap me, and threaten my cat? Enjoy watching TV with a screeching alarm.
Douchemobile gets barbiefied
Douchemobile gets barbiefied
My dad gets wholesome “revenge” on the girls who “insulted” me
Over changed
Never anger a dungeon master, even if you are his gf.
Rude manager gets demoted and business shut down
Oh, you messed up my friend? Then I'll spoil the game for you.
Got conned out of a pen.
[PETTY REVENGE] Racist Teachers Treatment Of Me For My 'Perceived' RACE STINKS!...So I GET SOME STINKY Revenge.
They didnt give me ceramics, so i gave them a headache
Kid tries to stab me, I repeat something that he hates
Leave plastic out for my cat to eat? Say bye to your earring stud
Douchemobile gets barbiefied
My Ex
Destroy my ark progress? Have fun getting banned
Lean at your own risk.
Minecraft theift
Douchemobile gets barbiefied
Fellow student with a bone to pick with a teacher. Little smelly I’d say.
Don’t touch anyone’s vehicle, no matter how crappy.
Douchemobile gets barbiefied
To be filled in if I remember fuck knows I've been drinking
Douchemobile gets barbiefied
Stop teasing my ethnicity or I would make you
How I expelled my boyfriend's ex-friend.
My friend's roommate brought his girlfriend everyday to their room to have fun with her in front of him, just to make fun of him. I help him get rid of the problem.
IM SUCH A MADLAD! (not wrong subreddit, ik this is petty revenge)
Bully one of my servers will you?
These two starved a dog and there mother claims to rescue them yet this happened under her nose
My manager likes to set rules he can’t follow and I like to help him with that
I got the person who annoyed me and my sister alot caught for cheating.
Don't mess with a Tom Boys Sister.
Robot Telemarketers have been calling me all day. Heres some wet farts.
My ex friend called my crush a slut.
Kid bullies me in primary school but he gets the taste of his own fate
Gonna tailgait me? Enjoy getting stuck.
Don't talk about me father!
Don’t take my phone
Revenge at the green light
Rude Karen accuses me of sexual assault on the bus, gets to enjoy a cup full of spit
Almost give me pink eye? Enjoy the mental hospital/prison.
Broke my Pencil? I’ll break yours.
You want your food now? Sure!
Eat my ice cream? Enjoy your movie!
Call me a Nigger so yell it louder then.
Made a racist look bad in front of a lot of people at a party.
Be an entitled piece of shit, have a little push.
Made a my friend restart on roblox
A little surprise for an aggressively impatient next-in-line
You touch my waifu, ill ruin yiur laifu
Pour water all over my head Take a cake to your face
Petty poking of a pedantic penny pinching problematic prick.
Avoid grouping up with me for projects? Alright. I'll make sure you all fail in the most karmic way possible.
Fakely snitch me? Enjoy the wrath of the people.
Bully me after being friends? Enjoy the DDos.
get wrekt sister
“See how it feels?”
Enjoy faceplanting thief
scream assault i will get you fired
Little boy insists I subscribe to Pewdiepie.
Going 15 miles under the speed limit because you're on your phone? I'll show you slow.
Just the tip and you're gone!
Ex best friend is now paying 7.99 a month without realizing it
No patience for first gear? F off.
Pick on me for two years, your stuff goes for a swim.
"Since you're so fat, you don't need that donut" You know what? I completely agreeAttempt to make it as if he was doing a favor for me just when I was about to go on break. Only to have it backfired.
Want me to move when I can't? Good luck moving when I can. haha
Wanna egg our band buses?? Enjoy paying for a new field.🤷
Stupid neighbor gets evicted
You take the ball away from me? I'll pull the same thing on you.
Keep on poking me? I'll staple your papers together.
I will teach children bad habits, just for you ya old bag.
My roommates kept stealing my parmesan
Won’t clean up the snow globe you broke? Enjoy stepping on/sleeping in glass and going to the hospital.
The time I was bit by a kid
Skiddo Skiddae You spilled Hand Sanitizer on me today? I wont let you and your friends into the store with me!
Oh, you want to embarrass me in the whole class? Nah how about you get embarrassed.
Sardine juice in air vents?
“Minecraft is for kids”
Let me just wait here for a bit
scam my dad out of 30k get all of your machines ruined
Hit me there, enjoy being a humiliated loser
This guy annoyed me for months so i repeatedly kill his phone.
The deffender is between baket an attacker ok
Guy starts shoving people in a crowd, meets the ground
I killed it
Break my clay pots, suffer the consequences.....a decade later!
In which I welcome a woman into my personal space
You could not script better drama than this
Don’t want to share the parking spot, ha mine now
Make my game lag? Oops, crashed the router.
I get back at kid who sexually harasses my best friend.
Spit on me? Enjoy the poop on your balcony.
Cut in line? No slide for you.
Be an a-hole? Try and fix "your" computer!!!
Night shift leaves pile of vomit to sit overnight
Girl boasts, I roast
You broke my heart that way? What about yours too?
Won't put your ass up from my seat? I'll fuck your ass! (in a SFW way)
Keep me up at night cause your drunk...enjoy the DWI
Steal a suitcase? Enjoy the cat litter.
Be a dickhead, be minorly inconvenienced.
Call me lazy for having school and call my cousin a bitch? Have fun with no account.
My dad makes rude prick install windshields in a storm
Dad makes rude guy instal windshield wipers in a storm
Don't fuck with me, obituary guy
She brought the Deviled out of me.
You want me and my brother to move, I'll get you soaking wet
My crush got yeeted
Eat all my wings? Have fun on the toilet for 4 hours ;)
Enjoy My Nude Garden Party
Betray me and lie to me? How about I ruin your school life?
How I took revenge on an old bully by "Killing him with kindness"
I'm not splitting a £50 note to give you change, make it cheaper!
Covered my neighbours friend in diesel soot for peeing on my van
Be rude to retail workers? I'll make you pay more for your groceries
I need some ideas to prank a teacher, but I can’t get caught
Very bad teacher I got (kinda) revenge on
Don't fuck with me or my family ;)
(not me) the canadian parlement and the budget
Free weed not good enough
I need to get revenge on someone. Any ideas?
I angered a substitute teacher to the point of flipping over a desk and quitting
Insult me? Here have a bag of nothing.
I hid the remote from my grandma so she couldn't watch her soaps.
Bully gets what he deserves, defo. Pt. II
Bully gets what he deserves, or something. Pt. I
Swipe me, get your spine swiped. Almost.
Annoy me a lot, lose your hat
[College Roommate] Perhaps petty but I'm not mad that I did it.
Accidental revenge on my mom
Fake Friend gets caught for talking behind my back
Kid creeps on my friends and won’t leave them alone make sure he gets in deep trouble if he comes near them every again
Pencil got stolen, found the pencil and stole all his other ones.
Wasting school ink after annoying teacher
You steal form me okay you wait
My boyfriend acted like a jerk so I used it against him
My roommates kept stealing my parmesan
Kid is obnoxious the entire bus ride, has to walk a long block to get home
Laugh at my ripped pants? Enjoy having your ass covered in paint.
Annoying Step-sister April Fools Revenge! (First post on Reddit, so be kind!)
My neighborhood removed stairs near the meanest neighbors house just so she’d have to walk an extra couple minutes to get to her mailbox
Taking my boyfriend, because you were mad. I ruined your love life and then made you sad.
My neighbor thinks he owns city land
Kid steals my things so I steal his important test grade from him
Kid steals my things so I steal an important test grade from him
A lady screamed at me for driving “too slow” and I gave her the pettiest revenge possible
(RE UPLOAD) Sexually harass me for months? hope you like your social life.
Petty Revenge-Ish?
petty annoyance to my 1/2 sister for being a evil child
Free Ice Cream Please :•}
Ripped out stairs so annoying neighbor would have to walk farther to get to mailbox
prevent me from gaming miss out on work
Woman no longer get's supported and became homeless after calling A woman's child ugly.
I ruined many friendships of a kid who backstabbed me
NOT CLICK BAIT
Make my work harder? I make your worse.
Slumlords spend about 10K because they refused to fix a fire hazard
You Threaten to kill my friends family? Good luck with that glue stick, bud.
Pen snatcher
I get revenge on Choosing Beggar who then gets revenge on himself!
Tea time
Mock, tease, and make me feel like shit, enjoy your brakes in a teachers office
I dont work in the big blue store! .....anymore!
Insult my tastes? How about 3 computers playing a song that you have to turn off[Help] - Friend got fired
I published a poem about my ex in a literary magazine he'd been trying to get in to for years.
Don't Drown Me With Your Damn Febreze
Parking Lot Temptertantrums
You ruin my joke? Then I’ll give you a headache
CB hurt my family time for revenge
Take my food and I’ll take ruin your time at a party
I have a third "spare" car in my driveway, neighbor complained about the sight of it with a low tire... I've since drained all the air while keeping everything else on the property immaculate.
My neighbor mowed his lawn at night and karma caught up to him (this is moved from another subreddit)
How can I expose this pervert?
Make me have to do classes under sunlight for 3 months straight? Enjoy doing the same... BUT IN SUMMER
Neighbor mows his lawn at night, karma pays him a visit.
I'm shopping with my great grandmother, and you put shopping carts around my car?
Want me to hurry up? You got it!
Cheated on me and told me to kill myself? Prepare to lose all your friends.
Pedophile boyfriend "defends" Brat, brother steps in.
Ever wondered why you don't leave your ex with security access?
Banned for the sake of 50p
The blue "r"
My neighbour killed my dog and now wants my cat.
Live and work in my country and being racist to my people? Enjoy being humiliated
Gg
College teachers break up classmate couple and staff wonder who keeps bending their tea spoons.
Be a bully? Your English grade’s gonna bully you.
FORGET MY BIRTHDAY?! NO TIMBITS FOR YOU!
Luggage revenge
Contemplating Revenge
NO MORE SAYING “GAY” -My dad
Mess With My Group I Destroy Your Company
Mess With My Group I Ruin Your Company
Wanna eat all that bacon deal with salmonella
Offer me a 60 cent wage. I'll force you to raise wages or people have a new job.
Man puts naked mannequins in his yard after his neighbor makes him cut his fence to 3ft.
Mom doesn't babysit for free
Petty, yet Perfect.
I made a lazy person do a bunch more work before leaving.
Ghost peppers suck
Let Me Shower
I finally broke off a 4 year relationship.
Car alarm for bitchy mom.
Stay in my department? Okay.
I need Ideas..
3 College Students try to fight Security, but end up getting arrested
Kid kicks home state Engraving on memorial
Bully me? Fine I get s longer summer
Sure, Mother of the Bride, you can have all of the photos you didn’t pay for.
Dont fuck with my autistic brother
Bibbity bobbity boo i got revenge on yo...myself
Dont do any work? Enjoy failing class.
Spreading education (on a plane)
Sent a bag of gummy dicks to a McDonalds, addressed to the GM
Gave one of AKs books a makeover, a friend hacked his bad grades, and I stole his bad test scores
So im fat? Okay
I anonymously called my boss in the middle of the night for almost a year
Keep talking, and get belted.
Piss off the whole bar: piss on yourself
post my number on snap ok.
Am I terrible person for not wanting to Babysit? Need some advice!
Very short one but thought it was funny.
Kid in my class makes teacher cry
[Quick] My cat kept sloshing water out of my humidifiers, so I stuck a piece of tape on him to keep him 'busy'
You be mean to my friend I’ll scare you into a detention
"If you blow that straw one more god damn time!"
Got 2 employees fired, nobody can prove it was me.
WWE2KPettyRevenge
Setting her up.
The mods of this subreddit dont know how to message back to their participants!
Finders keepers asshole!
Don't insult my dad's friend, or there will be a massive fight.
Em's dog kills my dog, so my dad kills their dog
You thought you could sit at the aisle and not stand up to let people by?
What? I can’t have fun??
EM’s smirk doesn’t last long.
Petty Revenge on Bus *this really happened*
Ruining a friends date after he didn’t pay back money I lent him
Sexually harass me? Okay, I’ll snitch that you have a knife.
Never give your password away
Can't be exempt!
Passive Aggressive petty on bad tipper
How dare you sleep with her and not ED pt3 (Revenge)
Make my work life hell, I'll make you quit. (L)
Sensory Overload
Be a bad friend, I let my bestfriend break up with you
Fuck with me bam you're expelled
People wake us up playing music, we make sure they suffer
Be an ass to everyone every day? Guess I’m gonna slap you every day in return
The many bullies I faced and got revenge on
best friend steals my gf so he got what’s coming to him
Move my laundry? Enjoy your hot and wet clothes.
lock me out? fine, I will eat your gift. (FIVE YEARS IN THE MAKING)
Train revenge on seat hoarder's wife
Let your dog shit on my doorstep?
Falsely Accuse My Foster Dad Of Abuse I'll Mess With Your PSN Account
Falsely Accuse My Foster Dad Of Abuse I'll Mess With Your PSN Account
The evil year 8s’
Don't leave dirty socks on the floor!
You take my seat,I take your sanity.
Ditch me during a presentation, I smite your name on the title slide.
Parents take my shit I take theirs.
can we get an r/pettiest revenge? Just short stories about small shit. I think thatd be funny...Trip down memory lane
Don’t mess with me, I will ruin your property
Try to falsely accuse me of Shooting a BB gun at you? How about I shoot you for real?
A reason to burn dinner
You won’t get spotless... BUT YOU GET WHAT YOU EXPECTED OF ME.
Trip me in a race you get your reputation ruined
Steal my mail? Enjoy your rash
Choke My Brother How About A Swift Kick In The Balls
I need help to exact but I don’t know where to post links?
Kid bullies me for a term (of school). I make him fail.
Don’t worry, you’ll get your candy on the special ed bus.
Teacher is mean to my friends and I, time to get petty...
You ditch, I snitch.
Don't touch my sweets!
2 guys high as a kite what can go wrong
Be an annoying brat enjoy having some nightmares
The cherry on top
Mess with bar staff then you can wait an extra 10 minutes for your drinks.
Well, waking an entire Boy Scout troop isn't going to go over well...
A woman threatened to shoot my neighbors kid for throwing away trash then then gets cops called on her
Payback where it hurts
My parking bothers you?
Almost run me over? Enjoy waiting for 10 minutes.
Mess with my Lego's, lose all your xbox friends
Uh, what does 'Fair' mean?
You get me in trouble have fun getting yelled at
You’re gonna try to take candy from my brother? How about you get kicked off the bus.
Falsely Accuse My Foster Dad Of Abuse I'll Mess With Your PSN Account
Doesn’t know if this counts as petty revenge but hilarious as hell
Refuse to punish your worker’s behavior over my Yelp review? I’ll just update the review with screenshots.
Two people seated in the aisle don't want to get up to let people by. I had other plans.
Don't do work have fun with a F
Teacher and Principal Team up for some Petty revenge on a EM
Mess up my love life and try to still be my friend? Mess up yours and call you out!
Abusive bf revenge
Revenge for getting peed on
Ex Bestfriend
I put a bully in a headlock
Talk shit about me and you lose your games
Got Crazy Christan Twitter Account Suspended
And now they're divorced
Stole gas from an experimental family car? Have fun with a tank of water.
Kid attempts to steal my reward, gets scolded by teacher
Orders me to steal? I'll steal from you.
Take a year to pay me?
Try to make me clean ur shit, i surely hope its waterproof.
Break my heart? Okay, enjoy flunking out of nursing school
Bully gets taken down a peg (ends bullying)
Oh, thanks for that snow...
Trying to Escape this group project? Get called out.
Friends peeing in a bathtub(worth the read)
Take my phone away when I need it to get home? Big mistake.
You've Parked in the Wrong Spot, so Don't Expect to Leave
Move my stuff despite my multiple warnings? Enjoy your own medicine
Take more than one spot? That’s fine, I have stickers for that!
Milk Me For My Worth And Disrespect Me? Have Fun Attempting To Retrieve Lost Data
Want to pass me on the highway? How about no
hypocrite got banned from discord
My EM was doing her best to spoil a family meal in a restaurant so I changed her attitude
Take my seat and tell me off for not being seated? Then give it back.
Coworker tells me im too slow at my job, so I bury her in a mountain of dishes
Sexual harass me have fun getting suspended
Don't argue with my sister
Mom abused me and I got her arrested
Cash register money exchange revenge
Don't spray at your Uncle lol
Youth pastor asked told me I was too plain, so I jazzed my face up for a big church gathering
okay I wont touch you I i will just scare you
Punch in jiu jitsu get fucked
Kids try to attack and assault me and my sister we got our revenge.
Nice tv
bully me relentlessly, IL turn your brother on ya
Want to bully me? Where'd your ship go?
Ruin my vacation, then enjoy wet clothes and missing clothes (Part 1).
A girl teased me, so I got revenge
Dick punches me, almost gets expelled
Petty revenge turns into pro revenge (kinda)
Working on this revenge I need your help to do so
Guy starts shoving people to get into a building, instant revenge is taken
A call for revenge to a disrepespectful kid
E
Matched a cute vegan girl on Tinder. We exchanged numbers and set up a coffee date. She ghosted me.
Can't be gay and Christian? That's totally right. Right?
Call me Retarded? I hope you don't like getting your games deleted.
School project. Don't try to kick me out again, it won't work.
Revenge is spicy
Revenge On My Verbally Abusive Teacher
Sometimes Revenge is Worse than the Original Cruelty
Entitled parent leads his son to get a possibly fatal neck injury which leads to a principal getting fired
Ruin kindergarten for me because of my disability? Have fun explaining this to your boss!
Transphobic fake friend who thinks mental health is funny gets triggered by our plan
Tell people to subscribe to your 1,500 subscriber channel on my 150 sub channel? Not happening.
Yiggity yee, annoy me? Yiggity yoo, I
Pee on my snowman again......
The least annoying, but the most petty.
Our revenge on a Lyft driver
Drama at the nail spa
Push me out a chair during lunch? Enjoy losing a tooth.
Brother saves my butt, bully gets his. -Repost-
Revenge sweeter than a Müsli barGot bullied for 3 years, never got bullied anymore
Won't Clean After Yourself? Enjoy the Crumbs!
Inside Joke the Nice Fat Guy? I put you in Debt.
Black kid racist to me? Get ready to feel the wrath.
Flirt with my boyfriend? Have fun losing your job!
Ants in my... face
You didn't do your work? Not my problem.
Stop serving Burgers on chopping boards...
If I can't sleep, neither can you.
Roommate think he is better than everyone, gets smelly!
Enjoy my seat and some petty revenge
Not mine, found on Facebook: “As many people have heard, I was asked to go to a private room to nurse Jed while at Jump’n Jacks yesterday.
Co-Worker pushes shift manager down but the GM doesn't fire him. Shift manager gets revenge.
A math teacher revenge on me. I did deserve it.
A quick &amp; simple way I deal with my neighbors who don't clean up after their dogs.
United airlines
Bully Me? Say bye bye to Silverwood!
Bazooka lol
Jid tried to make me jealous, ended up with broken glasses and a red face
Don't honk as soon as the light turns green
my news paper disappearing
My petty revenge
Revenge by tipping
A girl spread rumors I was dating a girl, so, I spread rumors I was dating her.
Early Military Petty Revenge
Black feminist gets owned with facts after telling me to “check my privileges”
You didn’t listen, so now you can’t get the prize
I had to clean up a sibling's mess, so I made him clean up mine
Don't waste people's chocolate. you're being an asshole
Say i can't play with a ball indoor. I get it on my contract
The Sweet Taste of Revenge... And Oreos
Teacher doesn't check test on time, so I make her postpone the next test.
Guy yells at bagging clerk and gets a surprise when he gets home
Bully gets owned after me training in kickboxing for over 6 months.
girl used to bully me when i was 12, i created a dating profile for her when i was 13 and had people add her sc and instagram from it
Gf brags about being an experienced train-driver, gets revenge by karma
Steal my Work? Have Fun Stealing This One!
Thats how you get ants!
Very petty...
Tell lies about me? Lose your boyfriend and your entire friend group.
cousin thinks he can treat people badly and get away with it....
Tailgating me? Fine... I’ll just obey the law
This one was hecka petty
Friend Kicks Me Out Of My Living room, and is taught not to complain while doing so
Dad doublelocking my bike
Got revenge on a teacher from my elementary school. I'm going to hell...
Repost my meme? Enjoy getting banned on your favorite sub.
Vengeance on entitled dad
Someone got (pro?) petty revenge against me and I don't even know what for
Don’t want to work? Ok enjoy cleaning the mess alone
My cousin gets hit in the face with a ball
Tailgate me while I’m accelerating on the freeway ramp like a normal person. I’m just going to wash my windshield at 65mph.
That's what you get for being nosy for your nephew's guilt
Hey Cheater
Don’t want to negotiate? Lose your yearly bonus
Mess with my friend get assaulted in dodge ball
Don’t want to work? Ok I’ll just leave this for you to clean then
Be disruptive in the theater? Enjoy losing out on your tickets.
Call me a bitch, slap me, and threaten my cat? Enjoy watching TV with a screeching alarm.
Bully me? Have fun being suspended and failing middle school.
Wanna make fun of our team and our town? Pay the price
kid verbally abuses me so lock him in a rink
Bitch of a teacher
Waiting on me to back out
this tattoo doesn't wash off
Be rude to me and you get crushed groceries.
Neighbor won’t clean dog poop off of sidewalk, got a taste of his own medicine.
This is petty revenge and entitled parents so give me hate lol
Hit me with a soda can? Hope you enjoy tube smell of elephant poop and sewer combined in your private bathroom
Petty waitress
My Grandma’s petty revenge
Go to work sick or get fired? If you say so.
My grandma’s petty reveng
Be an ass and I'll give you a case of the ass
Damaged Reputation
Why you don’t screw around
Our new manager started terrorizing the staff, stealing our days off, so we got him transferred.
Nobody liked our new manager, so we got him “demoted” and transferred.
Woe to yee who hurt my brother
You don't believe we don't have this cake? Enjoy diabetes!
You want to talk on the phone at the register? Ok
That's Not Where That Goes
Guy parks on our driveway so we clamp him
You won’t help me?, I’ll make 80% of your call fail
Think you're smarter than me? I'll read an ENTIRE book every day for a year to prove you wrong.
Refuse to vacate your table? Enjoy the rap music.
Rude old lady misbehaves and gets to waste her time.
Nobody likes a bully
Steal My XBOX Controller I LEAK Your Xbox Info
Refuse to clean up your mess, incur the wrath of a petty student flatmates
Bully picks on my sister I get my revenge
The Cross walk is for pedestrians not cars
AeroSports Revenge
Spoiler Alert: Karma is a bitch
Verbally abuse me online? Ok... here’s a perma-ban
Date the person I asked you not to and told you was my crush? Have fun explaining to all of you boyfriends how you're cheating on them.
Rude teen taken for a ride.
Bus Drivers ignore stops, NOT ANY MORE!
Treat people like dirt? enjoy finding your clothes in it
How to make a small town Navy recruiter think he's lost his ever-lovin' mindIs this considered petty revenge?
How I accidentally called out my older sister's pregnancy (longish)
bully my friend, get hated by the whole town tl;dr at bottom
Game time, nope, only me. (LONG)
Be an entiltled brat? Get ready for the hospital!
My stupid landlord
Not today, MF
I’ll make sure to recommend your favorite show to everybody!
My sister wastes her money on a game she can't play, I make it so she can't play it at all.
Make obscene gestures at me? Hope you have phone insurance.
Cut the line, get vomited on!
You wanna be a pathological liar? not in my school
Screw me over in our project and do nothing? I'll screw you over in return
spicy hot revenge
Lunch Ladies Ruined Our Lunch Time I Try To Rebel
Revenge is best served...
I can’t give you a carpool
They didnt give me ceramics, so i gave them a headache
Who needs to work at revenge when you can enjoy karma’s work?
Want to beat us up ? Well, good luck going home from church !
Hippity hoppity, my roommate was sloppity. Bippity boppity, I evicted his property.
Break my heart, and taste the karma.
MAKE UP LIES,LOSE YOUR BUISNESS
We bullied someone into admitting their crime
Something About Bitstrips
Silencing the noisy neighbour.
poo on my doorstep? have it back
You bully my sister? Get ready to face the wrath of 30 kindergarteners.
Pick on the quiet students? we get you blacklisted.
Don't let a preschooler go to the bathroom? Alright, I'll do my business here!
Meeting Expectations
An old story of mine that I haven't told many people before, I believe it counts as petty revenge but not sure. Also first post ever anywhere. (Sorry for amount of writing)
Kid in my class got what was coming
I shit on my neighbor's lawn after their dogs kept shitting on mine
Fake a disability and bully my sister? Have fun scrubbing slushee out.
Bully my sister, my friends, lie about a disability and be an asshole, have fun scrubbing slushee out of your clothes.
You block me from doing something and break my foot and a 800 dollar instrament becaise you dont like me
NEVER MESS WITH A WOLF PACK!
put down my art? okay, i’ll make sure you pay for a new tablet that you didn’t want me to get.
Make fun of me? Get out of school.
revenge on son of a bitch art teacher
An outhouse revenge story
Neighbors decide to wake up my dad with explisive rap music? They chose the wrong person.
Annoying neighbors
Abuse my hard work? You'll fail an assignment and probably the entire class.
Annoying Kid bothers Me for the last time...
Not going to let me help on the GROUP project? Fine then
Guy starts shoving people to get into a building, instant revenge is taken
Pizza Hut Refuses to Place Order
The First Floor Gargoyle
How to handle Cosplay drama
Nobody Expects the First Floor Gargoyle
If you can’t be fair you should at least know how to use a computer.
Cheat in a poker tournament? Learn how good my revenge skills are
Use my bath supplies? Ok...
Girl makes a scene in the Locker room, gets hit with the book. (No, not prison.)
“Friend” keeps using me. I’ll let you fail.
I hated her for years, so I called them bitches.
In need of ideas for a pretty revenge
Server gets a tip alright
How DARE you dine and dash!
Don't lean back on my desk...
kid is mean, i teach him a lesson.
Talk about me behind my back? The price? Your social life
Girl forgets something meaning I find truth
Don't hurt my truck
Gotta love sly people...
The One-Liner
Atttemt to beat up my friend? Pay the price
Not sure if this belongs in r/prorevenge so posting it here.
Break up with me, ok. Try and take my best friend (and fail), have fun with your friends later
Why park properly?
Steal my dessert? Have a fun night on the toilet.
Manager bully’s everyone who works for her
You wanna be a dck mother and take away my stuff? Fine, have fun not using the bathroom.
Best Friend's Friend Bullies Us, Later
Ask other people to do your homework? Not happening.
don't cancel halloween on me plz
a rude cashier and his pen
Hide and seek
Call me a b*tch? I'll put you in jail and bother your family for years to come :)
"Chat shit, get banged"
Chores ARE really dumb...
"Chat shit get banged"
Entitled and scheming colleague tastes her own medicine.
Kids will be kids? Part II - Liar gets backed into a corner.
Don’t be a Veronica.
Soccer revenge
I came prepared biatch!
The silent treatment isn’t enough
Bully me because im autistic? Enjoy missing out the biggest field trip of the year that costs $500!
Language Barrier
Ah you came back for more
Neighbors are out!
U push my things in the floor I’ll push u
Oh you only like using Yahoo huh....
Stop and smell the roses
Oh you only like to use Yahoo?
Be an ass, and lose games on your laptop.
Oh you like to use Yahoo?Oh you like to use Yahoo
A small story from my elementary days
Being an asshole wont help you here
My 11 year old self
I shall avenge you, right ear.
get me bad grades? now feel the burming pain of trying to read my bad handwriting
Don't mess with an engineering student
Mark me away? Okay then
I hope you like mint.
Yell at me for doing my job lose it business
So make fun I'm bald,I'll get you expelled
My moms bike got stolen, she got it back in a very anticlimatic way
My moms bike got stolen, sh3 git it back in a very anticlimatic way
Classmate smacks me in the head, and now i make his face itch like crazy.
Abuse me for 12 months enjoy a mental ward
Steal my meda money enjoy repeating your graduation year
GREAT, ENORMOUS STORAGE SPACE...itty-bitty possessions
This is happening right now!
Driver hits a pedestrian, then has to pay for hundreds of dollars in damage.
Fake Marine ruins a friendship
Horrible Teammate Doesn't Get Respawned
Mom’s at the time bf gets on my case, I take his Pepsi
Lazy nurse fired after hours without treatment in ER
Bullying The Bully
Make my back problems worse? You get suspension for over a month.
Kid Tells Me To Reschedule A Party That Wasn’t Mine
And she never took the lift for one floor again...
Dad pulls the plug on AT&amp;T
RING AROUND THE ROSEY, NOW YOU ARE CONTROLLED BY ME
Double Vengeance.
Boy gets a load of Karma dumped on him
Leave my group cause you want us to only do your ideas? How about you lose out on an easy candy grab.
Wipe poop on my leg? Enjoy your poppy backpack.
Dad turns off Wifi, Have some 8-bit Rick Rolls.
My Art Teacher is Quite the Intellectual
Parking lot revenge
Kid who abused cat got messed up on every social media.
Talk trash behind my back while I have a big crush on you? Have fun failing an important test.
Block my car? I'll ruin your day
OMG none of you are pregnant!
Bad Person Gets a Piece of Petty Revenge
Sister won't let me into bathroom to pee so I waste 10 mins of her time.
Get my friend kicked out of school and make me feel like shit i'll make the rest of your time at this place shit
Me Bertha stolen
I hate this guy and he nearly got expelled
You me at four, at the bus stop
Winning a second fork
Teacher is abusive to class, class gets its own back...
Don't be a bitch with me! :)
My friends crush messes with my friend I mess with her
Make ME do stress and do all the work? Alright, have fun at the meetings with no Presentations.
Why Don’t You Move Your Car In Our Driveway?
Cheerleaders Hate Liars
Don’t taunt people.
This jacket fits Just Right
Silence is the best answer
(Long) Relentlessly make fun of my friend? I'll go out of my way to make you regret it. TL;DR at end
Kids pick on me, Gets revenge
Mean lady gets what she deserves
Girl assumes and makes an ass of herself
Recorded part 2
One cunt of a high school bully dealt with the legal way!
Call me gay huh
Sometimes, silence is the best revenge
give me 2 dollars, my computer and do your own damn homework
You littered in the wrong neighborhood!
School doesn’t provide homebound, So I make sure it’s worth my while.
Ice cold revenge
Steal My Food Good luck Getting sick
I had a mean manager so I got her back
My petty revenge story
Ur mean to me im just going to watch you suffer
You didn’t say please...
Cheat on me ! Get dumped literally !
Copying off my test? Have fun with a 0 on your test.
ideas for guy that stole our Facebook group name
Don't call my mom's breasts saggy!
The Silver Beast and I claim another victim with Instant Karma.
take away my phone? have fun waking up at 6:00!
Teacher Makes me do every homework assignment twice, so I steal from her.
Phone scammer gets an earful
Yell at me? Have fun sleeping
Nuggets in the drive thru
Revenge is a dish best served with cold cereal.
Give me your test paper! Then fails the test...
So, I have a friend... he needs comeuppance.
Hacking people’s eBay? Enjoy some poop.
Lie about me? Have fun dealing with an angry teen.
Teacher gives me tardy for dumb resion? He'll have fun looking for the attendance cards.
Be an ass to my coworkers? Hope you like A LOT salt.
Mocking followed with a solid smack in the head
Uncle treats my family like shit so I delete his porn
Kid broke my glasses, i threw tillet water on his face.
mess with me get ready to be destroyed
Uncle treats my family like shit so I delete his porn
Bi-furious
You won't let me buy groceries? Fine (Short)
Guy prank called me
Ditch me, fine
The grade 5-6 soccer game...Don’t like the paper towels huh?
Sucks to be the youngest
Exposed my internet flirt who used me for nudes and later became my online bully
Don't play me? I play you
My dad's very very petty revenge
My toddler pissed on my cat in retaliation to getting bitten.
Petty revenge on Comcast
Reporting a bully for Misdemeanor.
Basically ruined a assholes 2 term project
Bully my friend for years? Enjoy being grounded for a year
Enjoy your last day of work, you blue waffle
BH wants a job reference after abusing my naive willingness to see the best in her.
Phone scammer gets an earful
I now respond to this person as often as I can
Bully my lil bro get a red smack mark
Harass me and my friend in class? Let's see what the security guard thinks of your vape.
7th Grade Cheater
tom is dumber than a bag of rocks and I'm glad he's fired
I see you can't use your phone either
Nuclear revenge Boss wouldn't pay me the money I earned, so I had his company shut down
Dickhead classmate won’t help me so I don’t help him
Cat popped my air mattress. I had one chance for the pettiest, cruelest revenge
Cheat, then offend me, Good luck passing
Ignore me when I try to get your attention? Enjoy getting 12 emails a minute.
Steal my dessert? Have a fun night on the toilet.
Because everybody loves a good “F*ck you, I quit!” story.
Kid keeps stealing my things and I make him fail a very important test
Steal my Project? Have fun in ISS
Steal my lunch? Enjoy a painful day on the toilet.
Talking crap about someone with special needs? Get called out in front of a whole class.
Brother is mean to me... so i switch wifi passwords on him
(Reupload) My google account got hacked so I delete everything from their phone.
The last straw
Damage me emotionally and think you can get away with it?
My classmate Blasted Music in my Ears, so I slapped him
Spiked the spiker
Teacher bullies me for my stutter. Mum forces him to apologise.
Dont give me a cookie? I guess you dont want one from me or my school then?
Well, they can't say that they weren't warned-multiple times.
Don't mess with my friends or I'll make you suffer for hours.
Driver goes wrong way down one way system, steals my space, fate lends a hand
Cheat on me? Enjoy watching the concert from my snapchat story
Take photos of me and humiliate me? Don't expect me to give you a seat.
Friend annoys our English teacher after an all nighter
Want to be lazy and entitled when I’m sick? Go buy your own toilet paper
Make me move from an unassinged seat? Have fun getting a zero on your Unit Test.
Lie about me? Enjoy your Craigslist spam!
Tiny little petty victory
Don’t bite the hand that feeds you.
PISSING REVENGE
Guy cheated on his Girlfriend who was a Close Friend, so I Gambled with him and Won. He was 29, I was 10.
Try to skip hundreds of people, try getting humiliated
Bully me? Time for some Change!
Girlfriend sleeps with my best friend, get him kicked out of his own wedding reception
Kid punches kid for pinching a girls but
If you screw with my brother, you screw with me!
I got my brother to allow me to watch TV
L want to steal our stuff? Well you ain't selling your damn house or keeping the shit we graciously gave you. Oh and say hi to the IRS for me.
Think you can bully me? Time for some Change.
Try to scam my friend? Wait 2 months for a non existent delivery!
Try to steal and play with my ball? NOPE.
I cut my shirt and blamed my bully (short)
PE sub makes me and my friend have a detention petty revenge activate
Cousin claps on kids in brawlhala, kids act toxic, get dunked on in the process.
Want to be lazy at work? What goes around comes back around
Bully me ? Have a nice loooong talk with the principle just before the 5 day trip :)
Girl Bullies My Sister After She Gets a Boyfriend
Bully me and tell lies? Okay, enjoy HR.
If I cant play my game neither can you.
Try to play with my career? Hold my beer as I ruin both of your lives!
Try to ruin my career? Hold my beer as I ruin both of your lives!
I get my friend a conduct because he was being annoying.
Use my email to join online dating...enjoy the ...ahem..men..you meet!
Icebreaker vs Coke Zero
You dont want to answer my questions and insult me and my family? Enjoy having to do your job :D
Charge rent for literally every little thing? Good luck trying to rent your house to someone again.
Racist customer wants a different agent to speak to? Ill give you a different agent to speak to
My Petty Revenge on a Classmate
She stole my drink, I stole her breath
Destroy my sand castle? I destroy your quad
My school mates are evil
Ha godeem
You didnt ask me directly
The Real Teacher
The Real Teacher
But you told me to go outside.
Brothers bully loses two teeth
Enjoy a determined man in your inbox
Please stop at the STOP sign
Brag about your phone? Okay
Give me a small inconvenience, two can play at that game
Yell at me now you have to pay 2000€
In a rush? I’ll walk as slowly as possible.
She bullied me, I ruined her reputation.
Angry because I want to find a new job and then bully me? Okay.
You wanna cheat on me with your girlfriends? Have fun keeping one!
Guys threaten to kick my ass, so I steal their dates.
A couple months ago I found my boyfriend’s Reddit account and now every time we get upset at each other, I will downvote every new comment/ post
Hell hath no fury like a woman denied her munchies.
Teacher got me detention for wearing my jacketRuined friendship turns into Revenge tattoo
my bully hacks my computer, ends up with no friends and super bad grades.
I'm bad at making titles
I broke a classmates iPhone X
You dick(en)s steal my friends money? Enjoy cold, rainy, and windy.
WIP revenge on bully
Gym Parking Lot Petty Revenge
Friend pushes me so I intentionally make us lose
Great petty revenge with tickets
Feel free to have a heart attack.
Putting the literal fear of God in my coworker
Revenge on a bully
I've ruined my neighbor's sex life.
I stayed on hold with customer service for one hour and made a twitter account just to get some service
Flip me off and hit me? I'll call the police.
My dad gets wholesome “revenge” on two girls for “insulting” 10yo me
Lazy teacher vs my mom
Ditch me, I destroy your vehicles
Shitty neighbor? No problem!
Housemate a mess? Make her pay!
A short sardine tale
Get rid of your shit air fresheners.
After years of being stupid, here's what I did: Just be nice.
Be a jerk to my friends? OK I think I’ll leave my handprint
Petty snowball fight
You tell me to shut up, I shut you up.
Should’ve paid more attention to the road
Blast me with your brights for only going 5mph over? I hope you like where you're at
Recycling lady, prepare to be mildly inconvenienced.
dox girl on reddit have school life ruined - story from victim of revenge
My Ex-bestfriwnd got what she deserved
Don't stereotype me or I will stereotype you back
Circle of Life
I ruined my roommate’s night out by lying to her
Bitch Bullies Me In Art But She Didn't Know What To Expect
You leave your Trolley, I'll bring it back to you!
Go ahead, park where ever you like!
Rude Great Aunt tells Me My Mom and Nana was Going to Hell
A Box Of Revenge
Eat your own food, or I destroy your own food.
Lunchroom Bully Tries to Kick Us Out of Cafeteria Seats. I Make Sure He Can't
EC cant play with kitten - turns into 'shitty' situation
Don't cut us in front of the line
Try to Get me lost and ditch me in the woods? Have fun fighting each other ♡ BTW I got dirt on you.
Want my dog to get ran over? OK.
My Aunt Got Revenge on my 4th Grade Teacher
pro revenge tries get me arrested? Enjoy your own criminal record
Don't fuck with my doorbell.
An outhouse revenge story
Asking for petty ideas!
Hat revenge against the school bully
Hit me, get kicked.
I managed to get a petty revenge against an a-hole officer, and ended up helping others in the process
My new desk in class
Made Ex's family dissapointed in her
No birth control no problem.
Sleep in class? Guess it's the end of the day now!
Be an asshole little brother? Get some (mild) revenge.
Take up both lanes in a drive through? I'll show you!
Pupil vs teacher
Tests Are For You To Take, Not Copy
Kissing girls that don’t want it? See if he does that again.
Annoying a homophobic teacher
Try to fight me in school? Get expelled
Can’t criticise me if I don’t do anything
POS tries to attack an old couple
ice cream shop at Pesach
New to the sub, hence why I'm only sharing this story now
Don't fight me for the last seat
Steal my mentos? How about i buy them all
Unjustified paranoia?
You want to emotionally scar me? I'll ruin your career in coaching
Teacher thought she's really intimidating and entitled. Well...
avoid a fight? just strip
keep throwing with stuff from others? let me throw away your calculator.
Takeaway Time? Nope.
Screw you, D****n.
No Beer For You
Inside Your Dog's Mind with Victoria Stilwel
Hit your sister? Get your right foot ran over.
You fight back when we bully you we try to kill you
My dad got some wholesome petty “revenge” on the girls who “insulted” me
Yeet
Bully me in elementary? I’ll sock you in the nose.
Abusive coach got what he had coming
Lady screams at me for driving so I wake her up a bunch of times
A free sample hoarder can't handle the heat.
Can’t wait 5 minutes for the school bus? Enjoy your encounter with the police.
Parking spaces are there for a reason
Put the lives of people and dogs at risk? Lose your best friend.
Guardian abuses me so I turn her in for drugs and slowly drive her crazy
Got banned from a relative's Facebook page for commenting on a photo.
Treat me like crap? I will get (petty) Revenge!
You Ruin My Life? I'll Punch You In The Face!
Call me names, now youre out of state with possible arrest warrants here. (First "revenge" so i thought id post it here.)
Want to lean back so far you're basically in my lap?? no thanks
Rude Customer Gets an 'Earful'
Charge me extra over YOUR mistake? Dw ill make my money back from your misery.
Take my phone when I'm not doing anything on it? I'll make you think you're going crazy
Ruin my social life? Have fun with that broken noseRuin my idea for art? Have fun deleting 1300 photos...
I need revenge
Just Trying to Live Well.
Be a horrible person to me for all of my life? Have fun not going to Disney World
Stop bullying me or I'll destroy your life!
Act like a bitch? Enjoy the fish!
Don't talk about my mother like that.
Dad blocks youtube app doesn't realize i have google
Kid Hogs Public Shower So I Help Him Get Out
Lemonade and salt do not go well together
The Revenge of My Sister
Steal my stuff and see what happens
Don't like my jokes? That's fine, have a nice time convincing half the student body that Africa is a continent
Did you know you can reinforce more than just mailboxes?
You bully me. You get the Box!
Badgered by a kid about your old games? Give him a reason to stop trying.
You take my dog, I destroy you!
Entitled Sister Gets What’s Coming
Try to Blame my Mom Get Flipped Off
I recorded bully on my phone
Be a Douche to my Friends? Sure.
Sorry I don’t have any dollars
Seatbelt Revenge
You used all the cinnamon? How unfortunate.
Crazy lady yells at my mom for doing something illegal.
Tell Mom About My Memes, I’ll Tell Instagram You’re Underage!
Shoot me with an airsoft pistol when I tell you not to? Good luck.
Cuss me out? Enjoy going out to the public!
Cut my hours? I'll have a new job by TOMORROW. Need epic "I QUIT" suggestions!
You should have done the dishes.
Brag to me about kissing my girl? Ill make you regret that
bully me, have fun losing all your friend's
Insult my sprained foot see how that goes
Charge me extra? Guess you forgot that time is money as well...
Charge me Extra? Guess you forgot that Time is money too.
Why Toys Shouldn't Have 'Try Me' Mode
My teacher makes rude comment and doesn't deal with a problem.
My Ex and the pettiness I pulled
You think you're gonna get away with it? Think again!
Nearly hit my nephew of his bicycle? Have fun without a wing mirror!
Spoon revenge
Oh, you’re homophobic? Say goodbye to your diploma!
Greyhound Adventures
Teacher wants a written apology ok
Bully me? Get arrested!
My phone is kinda loud sorry
Never screw over your property manager then ask for favors.
Kicked a dirtbag in the NUTS and he got blamed for something I did.
Bar refuses to let my three year old brother go to the bathroom, so he does exactly that
This why you come to school equipped
When it comes to karma, nature is king
Spam calls
Teacher bullied students and slapped one(still unfolding will update when resolved)(i know my other post on entitled parents was fake but this is real)
rubber girls
Try to sneak some racist religion into our nice conversation? Enjoy the history lesson
Take a call at 2AM? Good luck ever finding your lamp's power plug.
Don't sleep in MY chair or you may "forget" something.
Just a small win
Evil teacher
Jump forward me in line? Enjoy getting an D
I dont care if theirs a line, I was 8 sandwiches! (EP meets petty revenge)
Father keeps using my car, even though his own is perfectly fine. I make sure it's known that the owner is a girly girl.
Girl at my highschool got pissed off out of proportion and tried to get me expelled (it backfired)
Scummy neighbor tries to damage property
Mentally abuse me? Have fun being in house lock down
Won't let me leave a chat group? Get excluded from all of our chat groups.
Guys threaten to kick my ass, so I steal their dates.
Get your love life ruined boi
I made my brother drink pepper
Clothing store refuses to give me any hours but won’t let me go
1 year of bully and torture , then you need me?
General Gets Demoted
Pick someone of your own size
Smart teen gets revenge on her deadbeat dad
5 years of bullying for what reason
First girlfriend dated me for less than an hour finally found out why.
Tales of an Ex-Boy Scout: Popcorn over Cookies.
How I turned my teacher into the Master (Splinter?)
The perfect way to deal with grammar nazi’s
Excludes me from game for doing the same thing as her...
Told customer she caused employee firing
I bought cookies for everyone...except her
Dealing Craps Sucked
I guess I’ll get you suspended...
Be a jerk to my roommate, a classmate with autism, and my gay best friend? Get burned! Part 3 (Finale)
Ruined Someone's Discord Server
Make Fun of Me? Have Fun Being Single!
An outstanding outhouse prank
Sister abuses me until one day red fluid comes out making her realize she is a horrible person
Be a jerk to my roommate, a classmate with autism, and my gay best friend? Get burned! Part 2
Be a jerk to my roommate, a classmate with autism, and my gay best friend? Get burned! Part 1
Double Trouble: A Petty Revenge Story
Idiot gets banned on Xbox for cussing
Crashed my wedding
Girl gets drunk, loses her job, and is forced to walk the streets of Knoxville, TN for a night.
You Damage My Bike I Total Yours
5th grade vengence or why 10 year old boys are assholes
Brat steals my Christmas present so I threw her backpack in the bathroom
Mom yells at me all day, take my revenge
Asshole vice principal revengeDeep Fried Revenge
The spicey revenge
Harrass me? I make you wipe my table
Soccer player intentionally hits my legs with a soccer ball after I had knee surgery. I get him suspended from the team for 2 weeks.
cyber bully me? i won't keep my mouth shut anymore.
We had a simple plan
I wasn't able to find a subreddit for this but who cares "I love witnessing the hateful crying"
You called me a slave? Enjoy a drink you don’t like
Told him he needed to be a little more classy
Don’t throw popcorn.
My friend and her manager had a disagreement on the best way to catch a mouse.
Throw my clothes on the floor, they’ll have some company
She Dyed his Hands Orange
Bully my family? Have fun finding a new home!
Got revenge for my brother at the dinner table
Stole my bully’s iPod
Anyone know of any incoming call software that are free to record?
Break peoples mailboxes? how about you repair that 20k+ car
Be a bitch I mess with your pizza
Wait till I get home to shower every day? Have fun with a cold ass shower.
Paid my stop sign ticket by check(s)
Call me names? I'll ruin your ego
I was locked out of the bathroom
my small pitty revenge to my Co-worker
Mean teacher gets class in absolute CHAOS by "Anonymous" "hacker" (Light Yagami style)
Get us in trouble? Get your own paper towels.
You push me? I'll pull you!
Don't want to support your team? Then miss out on an amazing opportunity
I need revenge advice!
I told you to delete my number
Mother's boyfriend strangles me. I blackmail him.
Harass me even when I tell you to stop? Okay, get banned.
Tourette syndrome helps get petty revenge on teacher
Responding to a pissed off 12 year old
Garlic Not Revenge
Hippity hoppity, illegally parked ED. Bippity boppity, pay for your property.
Piss me off? Have fun without me
You won’t clean up your mess? Enjoy sleeping in it.
Obnoxious neighbors get blocked in
Come on time to the bus.
You wanna flirt with every guy i get ill teach u a lesson
Don’t mess with my sister
Be careful of what you say about us Asians
&lt;Insert title here&gt;
uncle destroys entitled dude
parents thinks they can take advantage of aupair... they can't
Try to act hard to me? I'll show you.
That's gonna sting!
Pro Tip: Do Not Engage Someone who is Bored
Teacher thinks he’s so smart
Make my job difficult? Then I'll make your difficult too.
Manager shows off, gets caught out
Put my dad in Hospital? Say goodbye to your girlfriend and hello to Armed Police
Put flour on me? I’ll turn you into a tribal warrior
Keep throwing snow onto my car after getting it all off? Have fun doing my yard for me!
The Paper Mache Problem
Bullies can be trained
Take my water bottle? Enjoy humiliation in front of 15+ people.
Bees and Detention
Want to order a burger from my house? sure thing lady.
I’ll teach you to call me fat...
Guy steals my speaker regrets life decisions
I made the asshole cry
My teacher and me
Wait for the glue to dry.
You elbow me? have fun on the sideline.
Can't be bothered to learn my name? Can't be bothered to do the work you set for me.
I’ll teach you to call me fat
I plug my keyboard into his computer after he calls my work trash
7th graders can't be quiet in front of my class, so i shut them up permanently
Lying friend
Annoy the me?Get some sweet revenge.
Yeah, 13 year olds can know more than one language.
Graham Crackers (not the breakfast cereal)
How my entire class got rid of our bad hypocrite teacher and ruined her teaching career.
I was going to have a fake marriage with someone so he could get a green card but...
How i got a small revenge on my middle school bully
Bully me and my friend? Enjoy time on the ground.
How i got some sweet petty revenge against my mom
Ex toxic friend tries to berate me and calls me a slut for being self positive, so I expose her
Mother-in-law loses unsupervised visiting privileges
Friend’s vegetarian bf gave everyone shit, so I let my friend eat my ham sandwich
Uncle Tommy shoots my mom prepare for the rthe okka
Cheat on me? I'll ruin your next relationship :)
Tourette sydrome helps get petty revenge on teacher
This Seat is Taken
A kid gave me his rare lizzard and cried when I didn't give it back
You destroy my minecraft world i destroy your fortnite creative world
I Can't go to the Bathroom? Fine.
Fifth Grade Petty Revenge.
Mother-in-law list unsupervised visiting privileges
Revenge Worth Every Petty Penny
Want to cheat of me?I will make sure you get a F in this class.
Rude campers get rude awakening
B*tchy Mom got arrested and his son got a nosebleed
Oh? Bully me throughout elementary school? Well we’ll see what I can do.
My petty revenge on a doll thief
They made my time working hell so I made the most of it before leaving
I got an ass teacher back.
I need your help getting back at a coworker.Something To Sneeze At
Cart goes in cart return, groceries go in car.
R/Nuclear revenge Student set teacher's house on fire because she gave homework pro revenge
Spit and Shine
Don't let me eat here? Okay no one else will either!
Math teacher tells me to shut up and then gets laughed at by a bunch of teenagers
Always remember to change the toilet paper
Girl gets "SWEET" revenge on bullies.
r/pettyrevenge
Slow and steady wins the petty
Kick me out of your site, I will make sure it looks I was never there.
Ex toxic friend tries to berate me and call me a slut for being self positive, so I expose her
Man’s ‘petty’ revenge after $2b divorce
Guy at my co-working space barges in on my phone call, so I cut his meeting with a colleague short
get me in suspended that's not the last of it
The country music is driving me crazy
Upstairs neighbors loud noises
Be a jerk enjoy not having a phone charger
Mock me for peeing on the floor? I’ll piss on something else you love.
Student in other class tries to get me suspended for allegedly bullying him, when he bullies me.
Oh, I'm not allowed to like this movie? It's about my ancestor.
Fake an illness for time off? Enjoy.
Mom freaks out that i am 14 and have my nipples legally pierced, found a way for her daughter's to be too.
Call me an asshole behind my back? Fine, I’ll show you what an asshole is.
Put My Divorced Parents Who Hate Eachother In The Same Nursing Home
You wanna go fast? Sorry I feel like it’s a slow day today.
Root of the Problem
Stuck up server gets her just desserts
Scammed by Old Lady, enjoy your rotting scultpure
The Death of The Death Superman
Want to fight with my dad? Fine mom, wake up an hour late next morning.
Sexist builder meets slack jawed idiot and gets time wasted.
Stole my book back and still doesn't know!
Rowdy parents get what they deserve, shhhh!
My first boss was a douche
Use your own towel
Epic Conductor Revenge
Group-project gone so right
Snowman's vengeance.
Roblox kid gets my account hacked - I report him and get bragging rights
I'm just a regular student
Turn Down The TV Karen
Thats a Spicy Pizza
Pretty easy... Huh.
Remember, You Have Neighbors
Test post (will delete)
Sister got owned!
Beautiful Frog Photos by macro-photographer Wil Mijer – Fresh life style
How I get revenge on my asshat of a brother.
Thoroughly Petty Revenge
Stick up the bird twice, you get ISD for a day!(Coincidental Revenge)
Won't use the stop sign? Okay then
I hope you got my germs!
Curse at me behind my back? You lose your scholarship
evil neibour has to pay
A stranger bullied me so I caused a stink in her life.
Got Revenge on one of the Biggest a**holes to me in school
It’s raining cash!
I embarrassed my classmate during a presentation wich resulted in him being suspended from our school.
Not that great, but satisfying
You had fun for 4 years, now it's my time
Kick me out of your site, I will make it look like I was never there.
Rude to workers = petty revenge
Enjoy your sleep
Oh you want to be up close and personal?
Got Petty Revenge On Choosing Beggar Coworker Who Wanted Free Girl Scout Cookies
Wife giveth, wife taketh away
Contribute to your friend trolling me, It'll cost you your friend's hand.
A fan type of revenge
Steal my pens and pencils, fine I’ll ruin your phone and backpack!
I snitched on a student that was mocking me and my memes
Dont mess with me
Put My Divorced Parents Who Hate Eachother In The Same Nursing Home
Go ahead and delete me from all ur fucking social media even though I did nothing. Treat me like a worthless piece of shit and wait for the day you regret it. You can delete a photo but not a memory. AM I THE ONLY FUCKING ADULT HERE??
Man harasses my mother at T mobile
I beat my 17 year old girlfriend to death with a tennis racket and then shit in her mouth.
Wanna be an Asshole? Two Can Play at that Game.
Snowmiser shared an apartment with Heatmiser in college and got her revenge come spring...
Friend tries to get me into trouble for staying up late? Read this to find out how I got him to do my dishes in a crazy way
You wanna bully ME! How's that going now.
Distracted kid gets beaten at a Pokemon game
"It's Just A Marker"
You messed with my sister? Run.
Made Fun of for the Effects of a Brain Tumor
Do you want Chocolate? Nope!
Almost put your hands on my coworker? Say goodbye to your hats, lady.
Early Military Petty Revenge
Hah, idiot.
Mental scar me and try to blame me for it? I'll show you.
Sometimes when my step-mom is rude to me, I use her phone number to use her gas rewards.
Sister prevents me to sit with the rest of my family on a flight. I get an upgrade.
Early Military Petty Revenge
Bully gets what she deserves
How messed up a 5 for 5 text scammer
Complete Stranger Helps Me Get Petty Revenge
Think You’re so Great? Think again.
What? Another phone call?
I hope you call the janitor.
My Dog's petty revenge on my Mom
Arrogant Girl Gets Caught Vaping.Manipulative Father Gets a Taste of His Own Medicine
Kid makes fun of allergies. Guess what your mom gets?
Kids will be kids? Part II - I win.
Friendly Fire
Me: 1 liars: 0
Root of the Problem
Put tldr in the top then you deserve a downvote
Girlfriend cheats on me and i take her best friend away.
Call me a fagot, deal woth the consequences
You treat me like shit? How is the hotel holding?
Mess With My Food? Have Fun Being Expelled
If you harass me to get what you want, I'll give you what you want when I want to.
Smash
Try to feed me a paintball? Enjoy never eating without fear again!
Sweet Sweet Revenge
piss me off? call my depressed, abused young friend, a hoe and a slut? ok...
Im bad at titles, but you need to read this
Won't wash your hands? Enjoy my ballsweat
Kid being a jerk, bite him
You go into my room, I go into yours.
Girl tries to cheat off me during the SAT, didn’t go so well
Won't wash your hands? Enjoy my ballsweat
Pettiest of all petty revenges
Roommate talks about me behind my back...
XBox Karma
I deserved it...
Neighbor calls police on me I get revenge
Dad shuts off WiFi
Wanna make fun of my big ass everyday?
Is ... Is that a midget and a donkey?
Wake me up in the middle of the night? Your first born is MINE!
The day I got detained by the police
Break my stuff? Ill take yours. ;)
When you gotta take a leak piss on my neighbors air conditioner
The chicken stew that saved the world
Haunted Houses- Scare me, well actors got my back
Lenny does not approve
Send money for long lost inheritance! I’m in!
Think you got away with trying to cheat on your gf?.... Think again
My Dad the Badass
Just what he deserved
Let me do my own work
Kid is annoying, so I inconvenience him
Whoops....wrong number.
Boy gets toilet water surprise
Try to change the rules? Fine I’ll point out every rule you break
Had an accident falling out of tree. Got in trouble with my dad later, accident came in “handy”
Don’t mess with your computer geek bro
I need some help finding a way to get petty revenge on someone
No, you do not get donuts.
This guy jas been pissing us off lately and we meed some of the pettiest ways to piss him off.
how I gained a small victory over a rude cashier in Paris
Practice what you preach
Got bullied as a kid, had my small victory.
Old Lady Gets What She Deserves
Want to watch movies on MY account? Alright, hope you enjoy Bollywood
Switch
Sexual Harrasing my crush
Pay attention in class, kids
Just call me Petty Crocker.
Kid harasses me here’s my revenge
Screw me for $45? Pay me or lose $550.
If I can't enjoy the internet, neither can you.
You're Loud Obnoxious and You Don't Want My Help? Fine Miss Your Train
Sorry that you literally weren't using it.
Dad forgets brothers birthday? I’ll just let his colleagues know ☺️
My Friend is Annoying with a routine Activity we have together (underwhelming)
As a lot of stories related to lunch-stealing are posted here, I thought this sub might enjoy this news story
Pretty ugly
How to scam the scammer - or Dont wake me up at 6.30 am you rat bastard!
Be A Dick in My group not on my watch.
bully me and, ill make sure you get expelled
Write that I'm a B***H on my tables, dig out your own key then
Annoying my (former) group project partner
Mom steals my graduation hoodie, I get payback.
Kid trash talks me in sport.
Third Grade Victory
Kid wasnt letting other kid get help, plan turned on him
Do no work for a group project? Get humiliated at the very end of our presentation.
Getting my friends fired and leaving them homeless
You Should Have Been More Polite.
Won't Accept My Money? Fine Then.
Breaking My Neighbor's Stuff For a Friend
Annoying EKs at Movie
Food Fight
Math teacher thinks I'm stupid -turns out she screwed me over
Fiances sister relentlessly bullied me. Apparently can't take it back.
You think it's all fake? Wait til you get to the snakes .
Food Fight NSFW (Not Safe For Work)
Something pretty minor turns petty
Stopping my parents from doing it while I was awake. (NSFW)
Mess with our wifi? We keep it with no pay
“ You probably deserved it anyway...”
My Ex Flirts With My Friend then Decides to Try and Make My Friend’s Boyfriend Break Up With Him
Horrid Neighbors Get An Expensive Fuck You
Can't be nice to your struggling son? fine i'll take money you give me and use it for petty needs
I'll risk my eyesight for you my precious parasites
Beat me for two months straight, have fun in severe pain.
Shitbag picks on girl for last time
No not really...Don't hit me with your balloon I will pop it
My neighbor told my parents I snuck my girlfriend over. I ended his fuckin marriage lmao
Steal my brush? Get what you deserve! (Long)
Steal my pizza? Hope you enjoy.
Want me to put a mailbox in? 'Kay.
Ebay seller charges me $40 for overnight shipping for office gift for colleague leaving the country, ships it untracked to make more $$. I engage in some petty theft to get back at them.
Chased a child, screaming, through a park for harassing me
Instant justice Australia.
My childhood best friend has been getting revenge on me for the last 10 years, because he thought I was a girl and kissed me on the lips when we were 12 years old.
You're done with me? I'm not done with you. (2 revenges)
Parent steals our spot I steal her skis
Give me a deadline for something I was already going to do?
Bitchy Teacher Tries to Ruin My Sisters Highschool Experience
I broke up with my cheating girlfriend and I got some small revenge
Why aren't you talking to me
don’t let me charge my phone? watch what happens next..
My landlord's petty teacup revenge
Something petty against neighbors?
You’re Messing With Soap? Explain that to your teacher.
“Pay for a school tie or you’ll be in isolation” oh I’ll do that!
I broke up with my cheating girlfriend and decided to get a bit
Don't pay me? Now your website is down for good. Good luck competing with the new studio in town.
A mobile phone is a good witness. (oc)
Throw your hat around on the bus? Good luck finding it! (Very short)
Lunch line Skipper
You take advantage of my disabilities so I'm going to steal your stuff that you haven't used in years.
Bait &amp; switch? Wrong person to do that to pal!
Project Ruiner gets karma
Bully me, and be made sad
This is short
I finally have my chance
says gonna shoot me, i make him cry
Wanna take my pizza? Enjoy
Gas station jerk, toot toot.
Sit at my people's place? Not happening
Leave Crap at My Door, Have a Crappy Day
Steal My Pizza? Enjoy
If my roommate wants to act like a child, then he shall be treated like one
No you
Steal My Pizza? Ok.
Split the snacks? Sure, I get the big half.
Waste my time interviewing for a job? I’ll get you back, even if I have to wait 20 years.
Thats a spicy encounter
Maybe Don't be a Prick to the Office Manager...
Thats One Spicy Pizza
Take my food i burn your mouth 😂
Thatsa Spicy Encounter
"Thatsa One Spicy Pizza'a
The Chippy Revenge
I may be a faggot, but you're suspended.
Wanna charge me $50 restocking fee for false advertisement? Get ready to waste time on the phone for 2 hours.
Try to embarrass me in class. I’ll throw it right back
Roasted My Ex Boyfriend (TL:DR at bottom)
Rude old woman thinks she can insult me behind my back
Injure an Old Lady? Good Luck Keeping your kids...
Annoying teacher bully’s my friend, I put an end to it.
Dad uses almost all of the data. So I make him pay.
Don't take away my coffee... I get tetchy.
In such a hurry to buy snacks?
I beat up the class bully
Enjoy not playing your games today
Stuck up customers get shown real Aussie hospitality
This call has been recorded for quality and training purposes.
Severe allergic reaction?? Tough. You're not going home!
Telling the teacher exactly what she really is. (Short)
Mess up my hair cut? I'll have explosive diarrhea all over you.
Spit and Shine
Bully me next time, Il buy your favorite glasses again
Yeah I'm petty
Student talks in class,teacher asks him why he's there,whole class is against him
I get revenge on classmate for being a pretty bad person in general. Her reaction was great.
Itsy Bitsy Liar, Climbed up the corporate spout, Down come the truth and washed the liar out.
Dad Learns His Lesson
Mispronounce my name, I wage small scale psychological warfare
Telling Staff to Kill Themselves? Not in this Server
[PETTY REVENGE] EM Thought I was a Little Kid!
Small Things Are Some Times The Sweetest
My mom goes One Punch Man mode on an airplane
Person who won latest Smash Bros. Tourney GETS BODIED AT THIS ONE
My Coworker Mocked Me So I Made Him Lose His Mind.
60+ man was rude, I taught him to say please
My friend tried to keep me in her basement because she wanted to play a unfair game...I got revenge
Think your bills are a mess?
The Great Mustard Prank
I'll buy you food, if you know what I mean.
Taxi driver expects a tip but won't help me with my luggage... sweet petty revenge.
The great mustard revenge
Falsely report me for sexual harrassment enjoy coworkers turning on you
Hide my electronics, I hide ur M.K. purse
I got revenge on my 4th grade teacher.
Don't be a douchebag on Reddit
Bully me in class? Alright, I'll fuck your grades up
EM accuses me of breaking law. I get revenge on son
Sweet sweet revenge on my History teacher
Shitty friend gets what she deserves
Brat gets beat up by a little kid
Turned my ex father in law in for tax fraud
Finally got him in trouble
Changing the TVs at the gym.
Student messes up my work and ruins his own gradeFuck with me, sure, fuck with my friends? Now you’re gonna get it
My wife left a huge shit in the toilet so I went in and riled up our 2 month old son before I left the house.
Finally got my revenge after years
I need help with some petty revenge
Guy is rude to my mother so I’m kind of a jerk
Petty revenge at KFC
Costly Revenge
Liberal gets what she deserves
Dude tries to get me off the bus faster after almost being run over by a cyclest.
The most PETTIEST revenge ever!
Teaching a petty kid a lesson and absolutely regretting it
Never underestimate an old lady (or rather her son)
Oofed an annoying guy in French class
Hippity hoppity, you broke granny's property. Bippity boppity, your hair goes choppity.
The cabby didn't know I spoke russian
I shit you not
Make fun of my mom ok run 5 miles
Not sure if I was Petty or an Asshole, Maybe Both
Yell at me and be embarrassed in front of all the other girls
I Miss My Longboard :(
Not much
Enough with your hat already! *flick*
Mess with my stuff, ok. Feel the wrath of the poki
Teacher traumatized me for dumb reasons, I use the power of words 10 years later.
Child's Play
Shot my teacher with a toy gun
Hit me repeatedly in Gym class? Enjoy a bloody nose.
Someone did the unthinkable
Turn Off My Alarm Clock? Now Your Pillow Has To Pay
Don't wipe your dog poo up? Ill wipe it for you.
This food attacks me
Don’t mess with your computer geek brother
Take my Xbox no tv
Kid isnt grateful for the amount of sweets i gave him
Your shitty behavior really can follow you around.
You want your money back for "dry" bread, you will only get free stuff from us
Student tries to play videos while failing classes while I record it all
When you ask nicely but they don’t comply
Does it smell like KFC?
Here's your receipt, have fun cleaning up.
Get signed up 3x for the same membership and company won’t cancel duplicate charges
You cheat on me, steal, and lie?! I embarrass you!
Annoying guy won’t leave me and my best friend alone, called teacher, turns out he had to study for one of her tests
Sleddy revenge
need advice
Guy wants to scam us? Ok you’ll never receive food from us again.
Don't Give Proper Credit? Yoink.
Speed demon gets taught a lesson on country road
Don't Give Proper Credit? Yoink.
r/pro revenge hell span teacher watches porn in class and pays
Someone put my email into their House of Frazer account and so I wrote them a letter
You pee in my drink? Have a crappy chocolate!
The Great Slumber War
Road Rage
Petty bully coins me
Ma'am
Entitled Kid tries to get an M rated game by using his Grandma, I crush his dreams
A Bit Of A Twist
My Mom's petty revenge
You want to make four seperate transactions during a lunch rush? Fine.
Don't Be a Dick at a Haunted House
Kid spoils something on my favorite show, I get him to fail a test.
Sit in front of me at an orchestra concert? Enjoy not being able to see for the rest of the hour and a half we are here.
Don't feel like working? I can help you with that!
Spent an obnoxious amount of time getting the perfect set up for revenge, but did I go too far?
If you’re gonna be a creep you deserve to get sick.
Gaming petty torture revenge
The clap
Cheat? Have fun talking to the teacher and getting owned by everyone!
Here is your receipt, have fun cleaning up.
Abandon Your Friends For Your New Found Love? I'll Embarrass You During A Project.
Long time lurker, Just remembered a story from about a month ago.
Annoy me, I'll annoy you.
Entitled Parent doesn't want to deal with his garbage. Now he has to.
Why I don’t trust a certain MC realm owner with Discord perms anymore
Flip my dad off, he’ll give you a reason to flip him off
You're just gonna sit and watch a disabled guy struggle eh?!
r/nuclear revenge i am going to make your life hell
I locked their dog in my garden
Bully Me and My Friend? Good luck trying to find friends.
Don't mess with my truck
A little panic for some guy
I couldn't think of a title
shit teacher assaults kid with down syndrome gets rekt in the end
Some well deserve, long lasting revenge on my entitled cousins.
Three strikes and you’re out: Crappy driver edition
Email this!
Hope you enjoyed the hike!
My senator's petty revenge on me...
Office Revenge
Family tries to trick my mother with a faulty shopping cart
Ek wants to report me for harrasment on a game
He is not giving your computer back?... He will not keep it for long.
How to Get Revenge On An Ostrich
Enough is enough
Basically I forwarded her revenge porn to her family
You bullied me in front of MY Dad? You just woke up the bear!
How to Properly Get Back At An Ostrich
You burn my dog, I burn you
I thought my GF was cheating on me but so I stole the money from her purseI said no onion
Accidental Revenge on the worst boss of my life
Once I caught my girlfriend cheating on me
Try to make me feel small, I'll make you feel smaller.
Complain about school supplies.. Fine I'll hide your $300 gaming monitor.
The pencil shavings
You roast me, I give you a week of detention
Penguin should have reconsidered her choices
"What are you gonna do about it?"
Revenge on someone's phone number
Won't take me off your call/email list? I'll add you to many.
Couple tries to steal a party table at a restaurant and end up waiting an hour for the same table
Getting a Teacher Fired
Oh, you don't wanna listen to me. Then get your chips crushed!
Bully me? Let's try out this pavlovian conditioning thing!
Owned
I can spell fine, thanks.
You pissed me off now u have sawdust in your hair
Memory Inspired by the Ball-Breaking Sister
Lunchtime Drama
Most of my class failed history on purpose
Gig staff did their job. Punter was pissed.
One sec
neighbor breaks in house then we steal 30 dollars worth of markers
Group harasses my friend and I : Gets detention
Poetry book
ETF fee for Comcast at home.... sweet revenge at work!
Annoy and then hurt me, hope you like chlorine in your eyes.
Taste Of Your Own Medicine
Be rude and obnoxious, let me mess up your ”prank”
Oh I'm sorry, you wanted my parking ticket too?!
Keep throwing rocks at me and others? okay.
Here have a drink
You want to talk about Jehovah ? Ok, let's talk for a looong time
You Should Have Called an Hour Ago!
“Hey Siri”
What grade did you get?
My entire group does nothing for a week then tries to copy everything I've done on presentation day.
Walk through our field and destroy it in the process? Step in shit
Annoy me constantly with trash songs, watch what you give me
Can I have your email?
My entire group does nothing for a week then tries to copy everything I've done on presentation day.
Wheres Your Book Gone?
How to deal with nuisance calls.
You want the Xbox well so do I. (My first post and also I am not on mobile so you can judge me but before you do I am a 12 year old boy)
Bitchy teacher meets petty student
Something smells fishy....
Try to steal half of my property? Enjoy parking 2 streets away
Little brother won't let me play on my pc, so I deny the computer's access to the internet.
Drove too close for comfort so I drove slower
You have knuckles and muscles, I have wits and physics
My Granny broke her driving instructors nose
Cocky kid taunts us throughout dodgeball, I got back in a stupid but spectacular way + why he didn’t get payback.i
The Great Slumber War
My friends Petty Revenge by ruining a kid’s project
The Great Slumber War
My teacher gave suspension for being on my phone. But everyone was on their phone. Petty revenge time.
Don’t Lose My Phone If You’re Too Drunk to Find Yours.
The great slumber war
Wakey, wakey, bitch!
Don't let me help with your project? I guess I'll bleed all over it!
Park on a rentable parking spot for free? Well I live here now.
I accidentally ruined a former “friends” life while trying to help her
Play the same song over and over again? Our revenge shall be petty!
Unintentional revenge, but I’m pettily enjoying it
He broke my arm, I broke his balls
Wanna Be a Bully? Don't Worry. We Can Fix That Right Up.
Yell at me when it's not my fault? Have fun losing everything on your phone
Shove me? Fine. Touch my friend? I don't think so.
You Wanna Be A Bully? Fine, Lets See You Bully Now!
Sorry I’m to busy doing drugs in the bathroom
So. You Wanna Be A Bully? Alright Then, Let's See You Bully Now.
You Wanna Be A Bully? Alright Then. Let's See You Be A Bully Now!
Clasmates do NOTHING during project, I give them ZERO time to prepare, they embarass themselves and I get RUIN their project grade.
You Wanna Be A Bully? Ok. Let's See You Bully Now
It Was the Right Thing to Do, but I Also Enjoyed Doing It
You Wanna Be A Bully? Alright Lets See You Bully Now.
Wanna take my food? Fine I’ll overcook yours
Eat my Halloween candy? Don't be surprised when I eat your food.
You want to talk to my boss after being rude to me? Sure!
Got this Psycho Evicted
You break our window, I throw dog poop at your house
How i get back at my teacher
Pull my hair? Have some
Feel Bad For My 5th Grade Crush? Feel Bad For Yourself!
TL;DR Civics teacher wants to mess with my grade, so I give a speech (don’t know if this counts as a petty revenge)
Going to be rude to a cashier? Have fun carrying your groceries
Stop Talking? Okay, I'll Stop Talking.
steal my book, well peep this
Theft? All right, Lose your field trip and all parties.
Want to suspend me for not wanting to lose money? Well you're about to lose a lot more...
“FIX MY FACE” - A Photoshop Journey
Cousin blames me for him missing the bus, so the next day I don’t wake him up and he misses it again.
Appearances fool
A mean name for a mean teacher
Roomate steals my cooking utensils, ends up dead!
Team Kill my friend, have fun being team killed and grilled
Won’t give me privacy say bye bye to your Denver recordings
Party hard or go home loser
Threaten me in my home? I will block you and make you park on the street.Have fun being locked out a-hole
Sleddy revenge perspective #3
Grumpy airport man is still waiting for his food
Remove me from your skyblock island? I'll get you BANNED
Petty revenge on awful manager/work.
Kids rage after I take their loot in Fortnite
Screwing around with the sleepy guy? Get rekt
Horrible Human Being Yells Apt 6 Year Old. 6Year Old Ruins His Day.
He got what he deserved
Aerosports Revenge
Hack my Spotify? Hope you enjoy gay cowboys!
Kid litters on WW1 memorial so i embarrass him in front of his friends
A Quarrelsome Hottie in the U.S. NAVY
Ungrateful school/principal
Some problems should have ended in middle school
Guy slides my phone off table, receives daily presents after
He bullied me but things finally had to change...
Sleddy revenge
Guy slides my phone off table, receives 4 daily gifts for the rest of the week.
So you want to draw disgusting things on the board while the teacher's out of the room? Good luck erasing it!
English poem
So you want to draw disgusting things on the board while the teacher's out of the room? Good luck erasing it!
A condiment packet the size of a pinkie is too expensive to give with a paid meal huh?
snitch on me? imma eat your food
Teacher targets my friend, then gets what she deserved
Evil English Teacher cries in my truck and sends my bully to the principle
My writing is too small for you? Ok then
Youre in the wrong bathroom!
Don’t except me to come around if you don’t do the same.
The city gave me this spot
Want to pass my work as yours? Here's my transparent watermarked pixelated portfolio.
He had it coming /featuring r/entitled parents
Try and Copy Off my Test? I don’t think you should
Don't threaten my check
snitch on me? imma eat your food
The D&amp;D Cheater
Sleddy Revenge point of view 1
An intern knowing better than a mechanic? Wanna bet?...
Entitled Bratty “friend” kicks me, then my godmother labels me ADHD
He falsely accused me of being racist so I ruined his uniform
So you're gonna mock me, huh? Have fun walking home in the rain!
They tried to take my property, so I took away their driveway.
Hire rude and lazy employees, enjoy your business being fined.
Your boss gave it to me
Kick a ball at us? Say your farewells.
Try to scam me? Have fun talking to the local constabulary.
Demon Manager Leaves Workplace
Make me choose between you and my new boyfriend?
I'm the snitch your mother warned you about
Driving slowly as petty revenge for making me wait
Mom tried to control what I ate at a buffet, walked out fake sick after only eating a nugget.
Yell at us for no reason? Sure, i'll make you leave the library
So petty it might be pro
You say I’m a bad friend? You lose your WiFi.
Bratty kid makes fun of me. So this is my revenge
Really pretty, Hardly revenge.
Grandma breaks my expensive laptop and refuses to pay. Prepare for revenge.
I need help,a Plan for my petty revenge
Former friends
You take my games ? That’s cool.
You take my parking space? I’ll just block you in.
Keep peeking on my test answers? have a taste of incorrect answers! :)
Just wait till I'm hot
Supermarket insults
Person never tips their delivery driver but is found with weed one time...
Don't overwork me, or else...
I accidentally took revenge on my teacher
Park in my designated space that I pay? Enjoy paying for the tow truck.
My Vegan petty revenge
Sure I'll clean up your dogs urine..again..
Steal from me whole year? Enjoy 6 hours of wasted time.
Don't yell at the host
Petty bully coins me
I’m using “too much paint”? Alright, I’ll play your game. (+2 Bonus Stories)
Teacher lowers my grades, so I get her in trouble with her superiors
Took my phone just because I slept his room.
Break my LEGO set I break your toe
Im Sorry This would be a Great movie
Break my LEGO set I break your toy
Wanna Bully Me? Enjoy Being Expelled
Nasty comment about me? Sure let me get you kicked out of the group.
Steal my story journal feel my wrath
You start bullying me? Okay, I'll get you expelled.
High school secretary insulted my best friend so I exposed her criminal history to the school and possibly made her life hell. (her mugshots were taped up at school)
You take my pencil away? Fine.
Exposed my secret hatred of my classmates during a presentation
Two boys hit my friend, good luck surviving a berating sesh with her POLICE OFFICER DAD.
Don’t forget the cream ;)
Left me no space to get out? Hope you're bumper cracked.
Military Policeman (MP) should have been more understanding.
Touch me inappropriately and try to rápe me ok I’ll fuck your life up
Choosing Beggars get what's coming to 'em. (not "pro" enough)
Steal my phone, ill delete all yoir games
Take my block? Have fun with a dead phone!
I went out of my way to ruin my exes ego because she was flirting with multable guys over Snapchat on our last few dates
nuclear revenge principle shuts down my candy business so i got him fired
Destroying kids gpa because I was tired of his bs
Take away my xbox and phone for basically no reason? have fun using some SPICY shampoo in the shower
Bleached my hair, so I bleached his car.
Laugh in the face of someone you just hit? Get smacked in the shins.How I slowly ruined my cheating friend's love life.
Harass me, proceed to slander my name and pull the victim card every opportunity you can? Kiss your reputation goodbye
Don't do my commissions? Shame if anyone would find out.
Mom tells me to do the dishes or somthing while im pissed off i decide on some petty revenge
Brother called me retard, I turned his laptop gay.
Talk shit, get hit (figuratively, anyway)
Eat my burrito I was looking forward to? Okay let's see how you like it.
Cheating older brother leads to double petty revene
My teacher with a huge ego treated me and my friends like crap, so I got revenge
Karma is a bitch, and I am my own karma
p*** me of and get called gay for a day
Never mess with my brother
Dog ruined my grandfather's 700€ savings and ran away
Go back to school, kiddies!
Stop blasting your bass
My sister wouldn’t let me sleep so I didn’t let her
Aerosports Revenge
mess up my bike and not pay? be happy with being locked out and having to pay even more for the lock
Don't do you work. Ok miss out on the best day of band
i was bullyed in school by others and parents,got all of them arrested
Guess ya should’ve answered my damn questions
Guys Making a Mess at Walmart Argued With the Wrong Guy
they keep putting stuff in my room ill just put in there put it in there room
EVIL co-worker gets what she deserves
Try to get me to cheat for you. I'll do the opposite
You wanna be a dick to me and my friend? Okay, have fun remaking every character you entrust me with.
Learn to call out empty trays!
Hack me? Don't play again.
Don't Like My Hair? Let's Have the Court of Public Opinion Give You Their Verdict...
"Can't Let The Other Shifts Have Any!"
Stinky seat snatcher gets her seat snatched.
Nothing says petty revenge like getting one over the mods of a subreddit after they acted in bad faith.
Principal gets OWNED by 12th grade art student.
You think my music’s loud now? Thanks for the vacation :)
Mom defends me when bullied (revenge for mom)
Snowy Sunday Showdown
Fuck you, it's my cab now!
A friend tries to be abusive to their mom. I shut them down in the cruelest way possible.
The price is not right! Okaaay
My teacher is annoyed that i am not perfect so i make her look dumb
If you preach it, be sure to practice it!
Peer uses pervasiveness to her advantage only to regret it.
TBH this is barely petty but it felt so good
Suspend my friend for no reason? Lose your job and your teaching license.
Expose my crush, just might aswell expose your crush aswell.
My girlfriend cheated on me just before my birthday. I calmly got my revenge
Well disobey the teacher obey my SLIDE
"Friend" Steals Desktop PC Then Claims It's His.
pffft exist they don't exist
New neighbours and their dogs
Break my keyboard, have it your self.
To jumpy to be driving
Rude secretary
Fly? Fly no more!
Make me stub my toe? I turn off your power!
Rude secretary
Name dropper gets own by sister-in-law
Make me live in filth and break my heart? Enjoy jail.
Be an awesome friend during my depression. Well I thank you in a petty revenge way
Rude bitch secretary
Don't Tip All Week and Repeatedly Insult Me? Have Fun Trying to Leave!
That's not my name so no chips for you
Don't wanna thank me for practically keeping the server up? Fine, I'll do the opposite.
When you are not petty enough but you try anyway
A Show At The Mall
Beat me up? Let me get you kicked out of school?
my wife’s revenge on a homophobic woman
Be rude? I'll make you fail physics.
Here's your pickup
Mom steals from bully.
Against my childhood bully
Guy tried to beat up my brother but instead had to deal with me
Never mess with a good thrower.
"Ohh, I'll give you the student discount"
Want to ditch me? No problem Just let me put this one picture up.
Guy Bullies Me in High School, I Fuck His Mom.
You think our packaging is negligent? Fine, I'll make sure it arrives absolutely perfect.
Challenge me to a rap battle? That's YOUR mistake.
SO SISTER, JUST GONNA LEAVE YOUR HAIR IN THE SHOWER DRAIN?
Extremely Petty, Over the top Camping Revenge
Bitch about something very minor, I'll leave you a parting gift
[request]Creative sabotaging ideas
I hate MacDonalds "[PETTY REVENGE]"
Block the sidewalk? Bye bye to your bikes.
I get petty revenge on my asshole superintendant
NIGHTMARE neighbor
I'm sure people don't mind you putting your things on a separate seat on a crowded bus
Aunt deleted my Netflix after I stopped paying for their account, so I spoiled all their shows.
Entitled/Psycho Daughter Revenge
Basic Bitch gets angery
Getting Revenge on A Racist Brat on Haloween
Racist Brat Gets Revenge On Haloween
Oh auntie
Shadow
Fuck you, BSA troop! I fucked you over, too!
Petty revenge for emotional abuse.
Entrapping Psycho Daughter
My aunt lied about my mother abusing me!
Now you can't take my things
Can’t wait 5 minutes? Enjoy your ticket!Kid wants to be cool but starts being offensive. Mom hears him and he gets scolded
“Nice Guy” Ruins Mine and My Coworker’s Reputation After Rejection
Gummy Bear Thief!
Rude lady didn’t want to wait in line
Moving car meets unmovable object
My girlfriend cheated on me before my birthday....how convenient
[UPDATE] park in our driveway? ill make yourlife a living hell
Blaming me for your overdraft fees?
My teacher likes to bs and lie about grades I have none of that
Measure wrong and make the customer pay? Prepare to lose a 6 figure client
Hey, you preach it, now practice it...
First Impression of Homecoming
Hey, you preach it, now practice it.
Kindness can go a long way
Kid bullied me at school so I stole all his stuff on Webkinz
You be an asshole to get the 'perfect' book, I'll give you the worst copy we have
Petty driving
Revenge against Flight attendant
Yell at me 1 day before i move out? Ok
Don’t give away a reservation and expect the reservation you screwed to help you with your next reservation.
My ex best friend threat me over money
"I am the reason why he got a C+" - Very Long Petty Revenge
Won't let me sleep? Won't let you study. XXXLong
Wanna flash me with your headlights?
She there mud on us so we throw her out
My Mother's friend gets rekt after being that one rich dude
Can't be bothered to put your cart away and you're fine with letting me take the blame? Good luck driving off after I strategically move it
Dump out my desk get fired
Won't let us write what we want? Have it your way!
Oh well. Here comes Karma!
If you list my email address on your apartment application you're going to have a bad time.
"Morning off" means "morning off"? Okay then, just remember that...
Lying Jerk Gets Blocked
This is what happens when you don't let people merge on the highway
Call me a freak because my prices are a tiny bit too high? I think I'll mess with you for a bit.
"Morning off" means "morning off"? Okay then, just remember that...
I'm in Canada and never expected this
"Morning off" means "morning off?" Okay then, just remember that...
Boss stiffed me out of my money..... Had my petty revenge
Guy hacks my friend and copies thumbnails on youtube.
"Morning off" means "morning off"? Okay then, just remember that...
Mom is tired off dad’s yelling
Trying to copy my hard work? Well try harder next time dude
Although shit didn’t exactly hit the fan...
"Morning off" means "morning off"? Okay, you just remember that...
Lets be real you won't get into university
Be a drunk racist ass, have fun walking home
Leggo my Ego
Body shaming = Free clothes
Let my brother's friends use my pc? Fuck you.
I hope this counts as a revenge story.
'You'll never get through mainstream school'
Oh Sure, I'll do your assignment for you!!
You annoy me while walking? Be prepared to go to the ER.
This Friend Got The Biggest Karma
Have fun starting over cheater! Gaming revenge
My challenge for r/pettyrevengw
Cover teacher takes support slime off mentality ill student.
being busy isnt enough... get clapped (long-ish)
Don‘t like your neighbors? Fine we‘ll give you worst ones
I roasted the head of the Music School in front of everybody
Want to Tailgate us? Face the consequences.
It's about the small things...
angering me on fortinte i scare you to death
entitled arse gets his price doubled
Evil cat lover gets cat stolen
Take my bed? Ok, I'll sleep in your armchair
Beat me up? Let me get you kicked out of school!
Now he really ain't got a pen
I was a victim of a petty revenge.
r/entitledparents meets r/pettyrevenge.
Don’t understand consent? Let me help you out. P.S. Happy Birthday. (TW)
Gang on me just cause of an elevator? Have fun not using it at all
Random bigoted woman attacks me for sharing abuse story, I fought back
Guy makes fun of me, then i do it back... But worse.
Make Fun Of My Dad? Enjoy Some Embarrassment!
Cousin deletes 4 facebook acounts over the time of five years, i destroy every chance with every girl posible
I get petty revenge on a jerk to me at my school
Insurance refuses to pay $50 for my glasses.
Be nice to your fast food workers please. You never know whos there.
No prep for us? No prep for you.
You aren’t failing me this time
Make the Lyft Driver Wait? Suffer the Consquences.
None of my business? Have fun with that!
lord almighty
A group of bullies target me for half a year
Maybe you shouldn’t go around, telling kids your Hitler
Stealing tips
Annoying person tries to make me crash while skiing, so I blame him.
Hack my Hulu. Enjoy the ending.
Do not mess with the ketchup dispenser.
Oh, so you forgot to bring your pen...
Poo in my mailbox, poo on you.
Why the heck are you ticketing these cars? You're not even a cop!
So you forgot to bring your pen...
Make me do chores you were supposed to do? I'll make the ones you have harder.
Classroom Petty-Ness
Don't drive behind me with your brights on
small revenge but felt so powerful
Well a classic case of karmaBeing a idiot to my friend? Get's itchy!
Dont cut in line
You want to start stuff I'll get a big dude to try to get 2.50 from you that I owe
Being a bitch? Get's itchy!!
Won't teach the class? Students create and sign an official protest with documented failings.
I dont know can i?
Twins and parents think its okay to throw things over to me and shout at me for it back.
Dont Steal his pencil
Got 3 of my asshole classmates in trouble
Got revenge on my friend for talking crap about me
I stabbed my friend with a pencil
Gucci bags
Bully me in primary school, good luck with your education! :)
Spiteful classmate gets what they deserve
Annoy me? I'll give you a note
A Chemistry Creep
What to do when someone flat tires you
Daddy can buy you a new one, right?
High School Bully gets snitched on
Criticise me and make me do all the work? Enjoy your report card and suspension!
Call me a sped? Dance with a sped.
Pettiest moment of my life: Revenge on my ex-assistant after she stole my work
Unwanted dickpic from a married man
Do yo feel like a winner now?
Made Chase Branch manager that refused to exchange $20s into $100s notarize 58 documents.
Don't pay me back? Well, you're walking around like a drag queen then!
Revenge on my homophobic boss
Prorevenge dude messes with the wrong cop Craigslist thief gets kidnapped for money
Neighbor calls the cops on us for no reason, so one night my mom does the same but with a reason
Taste of your own medicine
I got my teacher fired
I got some guy in a video game banned because he had previously wronged me.
FUCK YOU
The musical battle over the dry river
Sure! Scam me &amp; take my fridge for free!
She wouldn't stop bouncing the basketball on the bench so I pissed her off.
Roommate Steals My Vinyl I Ruin Her New Designer Bag
Fuck with the computer I'm using to do finish your request? I'll waste your time.
I tell on 3 kids for smoking cigs on school grounds got 12 kids suspended and a bully expelled
Push me out of the way to get your notes?? Have fun redoing your research paper
My class basically left me out as dead
Funko POP revenge
Co-worker too sick? Okay then...
Annoying Step Sister Who Made My Life Miserable Gets Dabbed On HARD!
Hotel
"That's my logic"
My English Literature teachers rivalry with Jackie Kay.
My friend pushed me off a chair. So I stabbed him with the chair.
You're gonna cut me off? I'm gonna block you in
I got my revenge on my grandma
You think you are good ,but NOPE
This got removed from Pro Revenge for being too petty and not pro
Cut me off? Enjoy my sleep deprived toddler
Just let the ball through!
Cheat on me have fun pulling useless bricks from the basement
Make my school life hell? Enjoy that typo for the rest of your life.
My 9 year old’s petty revenge
Use me for answers &amp; be rude to me and I’ll fail you.
My daughters first petty revenge
Dude hides my backpack for the whole year and I do the same to him
I Removed A Woman's Laundry After Waiting 15 Mins With No One In Sight - Cops Get Called
A little revenge for you being cruel? sure ok!
My boss broke the rules, and I let everyone know about it!
Counselor uses her authority &amp; money to help her daughter become homecoming princess, student body claps back immediately
Don't pay me? I'll ruin your business and have you heavily fined.
Wanna bully 5th grade me? Hope detention and no phone sounds fun.
Wanna Do Your Makeup in Class? Bad Move.
Try to tourist trap me? I don't think so!
This is what you get for ruining my vacation
Thanks for the free money, morons.
Dump paint on my head, i get to paint on your face
Revenge on my bully
Force a stupid survey down our throats? Fine, enjoy your fucked up results.
Guy refuses to wait two hours, waits two hours instead.
My elementary school revenge
Fuck with me? I fuck with you back
You delete my 500 hours effort file, enjoy getting kicked out
Hard partiers get a rude awakening from Bastard Husband
Random instagrammer claims to know my IP address, gets DDOS’d
Woman who never tips checks out with newbie
-question-
Prorevenge dude messes with the wrong cop v2
Mental bus driver assaults a me(student)
You hate Germans? I make your streams unenjoyable.
Art teacher wants me to drop out. So I do
"Policy" is unflinchingly rigid, regardless of circumstances? We'll see about that.
Teachers make a retest useless....
If you want to throw water on me I'll waste your food.
Toxic Overwatch Gamer Gurl gets what she deserves
April Fools Prank? I’ll get you back 6 months from now
My art teacher wanted me to drop out. So I did.
Want me yell at me for not giving you free money? Let me take a closer look at your account for any violations.
You talk about my dad I ruin your education
Complain About The Shower? Have Fun being cold :)
You reveal my secrets I will tell everyone your secrets
Mess with my drawing? I get revenge.
Rage at me for no reason? i'll give your server a bad reputation
Lack of Common Courtesy? I can play that game too.
Be a jerk I give you no cookies
DOGS POOP ON OUR GARDEN IN PLAIN VIEWAsshole Driver tailgates me and eats it.
Revenge on thief
You waste my time and throw loud parties, I destroy your grades
We don’t even like one direction
Giving a "brownie"
A random man online spreading negativity getting clapped back at
Challenge me in poker? I shave your ass BALD.
Teacher Yells At My Brother. He Gets Her Penalised.
Steal my friend’s seat? Sit cramped then.
When Substitute Teachers Attack
Harass me over a video game? I’ll harass you right back (and prove you wrong)
Broke thieving roommate finally caught
No restroom for paying customers? No problem
A Shitty Situation
Broke thieving roommate finally caught
F**K you and your $5 pens
Broke thieving roommate?
High Schooler shoves Icecream between seat cushions on a School Bus. Bus Driver purposefully has cleaning postponed so the kid is forced to sit in it for over a week.
Racist idiot posts racist post on r/prorevenge; gets minus karma on his first cake day
Yell at someone for squishing a water bottle? Have fun listening to mine.
Be a jerk to pretty much everyone? Good luck trading anything!
My teacher didn't let me leave. So I didn't let her leave
Entitled Teens blocking neighbors
So you wanna blame the disabled for your order not being ready yet? Be prepared to wait longer.
Badmouth me? Then I'll badmouth you to your boss
You make fun of me because I'm a nerd, I ruined your life.
A couple of kids were bullying me, so I shot them in the head
The Pencil Theif
You dare not let me infiltrate your privacy? I'm going to abuse the system and report you!
BF of 2 years cheated on me at a frat party, and I showed him his friends true colors
Annoying truck guy
I was not happy about getting a step-dad so I an ruined him. by doing almost nothing
Never tip your delivery driver? Enjoy your cold pizza
Trying to mislead and then ignore me? I won't go away that easily.
Bully me in Primary School have fun in High School &gt;:)
Woman who blocked my way gets her way blocked.
Stupid classmate / ex-friend gets Broken Nose
“Karma” is a bitch
Didn't read the articles? Sure, I can help
My Sibling doesn't invite me to a sick birthday party so me and my friend tear him a new one
Lemme get uuuuuuuuuuh.
Entitled tourist gets shut down
Petty Revenge with a Pro Revenge Sequel
Reddit karma is a bitch.
Teacher hit me hard in the HEAD just because I'm left handed and not a 'VVIP child'
Kiss your grade goodbye
Sorry for your loss
A wrestled a guy for $3000 and the boss didn’t give me my money
I wrestled a guy for $3000, and the boss wouldn’t give me my money
Take my les I take yours.
Don't insult someones looks without being prepared for revenge
Evil science teacher vs 12 year old
Money revenge
A bully customer makes waitress cry. Proceeds to make Giant restaurant manager angry
Oh, you don’t like people eating meat? Well let me just enjoy this nice, juicy steak right next to you!
I'm just moving!
"pINk iS fOR gUrlS" don't mess with my kid
You think you have all the answers? Fine, I'll just sit back and collect Overtime.
Guy tries to roast me for a girl
My Chair
Exposed my rapist to his friends
Think I cant get promoted?, Think again
thats MY pickle
Harass me? I’ll get you expelled
Posting Fake Classified Ads to Blow up my Phone? Enjoy a Whole Shipment of Dick Pics
Why would anyone ever give their credit card to a stranger?
How you like me now?
Class asshole gets epic suspended
You don't tip? Enjoy frozen pizza
Bobcat Backlash
r/Prorevange Bully me for 6 years, and I'll show u the comeback of the ages
Kid takes my school ID I hold class after school
Steal my money, take your scotch
Guy writes 5 words by the deadline of a group project. He ends up alone in the project, and proceeds to fail the class.
Help me get my kid sister's roommate
Entitled woman is "Good at backing up"
Bite me
Oh I can't answer a question because I have autism? Okay, lets see you do it!
My ass nugget “friend”
Bully who gave me PTSD thinks I’m dead
The Dungy Detective
So...
Won't refund me? Enjoy 40 minutes of Katy Perry music
Guy in our group writes 5 words by the deadline. I expose his ass.
Want my popularity for being smart? Well, face some consequences!
"Why do you swear so much? This is a public park and there are kids waiting...."
Recipe For Revenge
Tell Mom I play M-rated games, I'll let it slip you are a disgusting pothead
I found a compilation
Wholesome One
A food thief was caught thanks to some hot sauce
Programmer VS. DoritoMan
RushingTo Get Into A Closed Mall
Take a personal grudge out on me? Guess I'll humiliate you in front of the entire school department.
I lied about a girl hitting me because she hurt my feelings
I just wanted two days off
My sisters friends parents
Mess with my bestfriend ok let's fight
Shovelling,
"Minimum wage employees dont need tips"If I can't wear your glasses, nobody can.
Be a lazy little ass while I'm cleaning the house? Lemme hijack your Discord! (Extremely, EXTREMELY Petty)
The best birthday card EVER
Disrespect me, get what is coming....
Disrespect Me? Bye bye ear drums
Being extra petty to a girl who was constantly rude to me
Try to break up my relationship, get your weed stolen.
I want petty revenge over my neighbors who have been teasing my dogs for months. Can you evil geniuses please help me get my revenge?
Not going to lie it felt good
Brat Kid Gets Phone Stripped From Him.
Get mad for playing on the pc when you're NOT playing? Well, I guess none of us can play now BrOtHeR.
Steal my stuff 5 years and insult me? Enjoy the music of hell? (warning, very petty)
Trolls never win
Talk and Stomp Loudly above me every day? Let me use what you say to my advantage
Steal my food? Hmmm. Dont think so
Be nice to your students
You bully me, I turn your game into Barney.
Company Turned Shitty, Dad Clapped Back
Screeching classmates get what they deserve
Never mess with me
Alcho flatmate stealing from me
Kid who makes fun of friends teeth gets humiliated in P.E.
Bully my best friend and hit me in the face? Enjoy being expelled.
Wont let me piss, fine ill use the trash can.
Smellyrella
Guy made us lots of money by stealing from us. And he ruined his career.
My uncle is a jew
My uncle is jewish
Steal my parking spot
3 inches!
Lazy Classmate Gets a Taste of Putting in Effort
Dad gets Revenge on a Server and make sure he Knows
Found Your Keys
Got another Roommate story
Today my brother acted like an idiot to me.
A charger causes a perfect story.
Overprivileged Parking
Don't want to switch seats? Enjoy the flight!
The Country Bros in the door room next to me wouldn't turn down their Stereo. So I did.
Don't want to switch seats? Ok. Enjoy the rest of the plant ride.
Pretty petty if you ask me
Kid gets what’s coming to him
Head of year stole from me
Make fun of me in front of the class, guess you’ll have to lose your job lol
Cheating Ex Fiance Gets What He Deserves.
Ruin my rainy day, I ruin your car
Ruin my rainy day, I ruin your car.
Revenge against "Extreme Couponers"
I Made a classmate cry in front of the whole school
The study club &amp; chocolate
Don't Steal my Chair
Anything you can do I can do 10x more intense
Ruin me, cheat on, you might just ruin your life
Made my bully cry in class
I hide step brother ps3 portible after he ruined my toys
Help me get revenge
Most nuclear revenge yet
Most nuclear revenge yet
Ruin my lunch? Oh look the bus left you now
Pencils galore
Chinese Taxi-Driver Scam
Dump me the day before your B-day? I’ll “subtly” embarrass you over social media.
Don't think I'm sick? Think again!
The easiest revenge I’ve ever gotten
Take a dump on my doorstep? Mistake 1.
Brides' Threesome with Jesus
You treat me like shit, then you want me to do your test? Okay, I’ll “do” it.
Soulja Boy is taunting my roommate at night
Conservative group forcing me to join ! He's my revenge.
Don’t mess with Asians
Phone identity crisis
Thieves Burn Their Mouths on Stolen Goods
A little bit of Fortnite revenge
Want to get your dirty shoes on me? Fine I'll rub your ankle
Who doesn’t love parking stories.
Landlord ignored roof damage for months and didn't give notice of entry, until every prospective renter read about their negligence
Inconsiderate couple occupies two of our three assigned seats on flight. My wife and toddler had to sit several rows behind me and our four month old. I made the grouchy couple’s flight miserable with my crying baby.
THAT'S why you don't mess with karma.
Never Call a Student Dumb
The School’s (petty) Revenge: The Worst Teacher
I got bullied for 2 years until I got my petty revenge
Mess with my friend? Get rescinded from college, jerk.
Talk about my gf, get splashed
Wondering if I should have said something to this mom.
Lock me out? fine, say goodbye to your Christmas presents
F
Get my girlfriend's car ticketed? Take this petty revenge.
Steal my bus seat? I'll get you suspended and sent to millitary school.
Repossessed Dad's car
Wet socks
Dude is a dick to me for no reason so I filled his produce full of water
Neighbor pops my ball I pop their secret
Nosey neighbor lands himself in shit
Teacher Helped Facilitate Revenge Against My Kindergarten Ex-Fiancee
My best friend had a music war with her brother and won
No heat? Okay then...
I'll get a gun on your 11 year old
Not acting so tough now
Probably ruined siblings relationship
Ping me endlessly? How about I waste your time and get you muted?Not gonna take this big project seriously? I’ll do it myself, and essentially upstage you (sorta. Also not the world’s most satisfying revenge, but worth it)
Let me take you back to second grade, when the teacher wouldn’t let me use the bathroom.
How to deal with pesky roommates r/pettyrevenge style
Taught some cheaters a lesson.
Gymnastics coach hated me.
My Boyfriend Rejects Two Girls I Hate
You want to be served next? Sure thing!!
The shirt
Short but sweet parking lot revenge
No regrets
Dont take my switch
Insult my friends height? Enjoy your detention
Don't Replace Me
Don't use my PC without asking!
Want to shit in my garden? Let’s see what happens.
Gonna fuck with me and my "girlfriend"? Enjoy losing your Instagram account (Still in progress, expect more) (Repost from r/prorevenge)
Won't cancel my account? Fine, you can eat $300 in chargebacks
I just called a college to ask about my application &amp; when the receptionist was being rude I hung up on her
Your reputation proceeds you
Enjoy your jacked up front end.
Are you sure you don't want internet?
Call me a useless bum? Have fun paying extra
How I got revenge on a scumbag
Lie on me and everyone'll know you have The Clap
My sweet revenge on my 6th grade English teacher
Oh so you wanna yell at a 9yo? Enjoy some rotting jellyfish on your porch.
I bought the last two pancakes at the school cafeteria
0 Tolerance School Tolerates Too Much; Tolerant Student Stops Tolerating Terrible Tormentor
Entitled Parent Meets pettyrevenge
No family harmony for Bridezilla’s big day
A girl that had enough!
Stories of a Bartender- "I'll get you your drinks ASAP"
Bridezilla is cruisin’ for a bruisin’
I'm sure the HMRC would love to hear about your tax evasion.
it's not hat much but
Bully me relentlessly? Enjoy your 1 month suspension
Slander me? No Masters for you!
Bully me relentlessly? Enjoy the 1 month suspension
I got revenge on a girl I sit next to at school
Go Ahead and Punch Me, Mr. Sunshine
Use me to get my boyfriend, I'll just show you how happy I am with him
Library destruction
Every action has an equal and opposite reaction
My Buddy the Accomplice
Do into others as you would want them to do onto you.
My 7th grade teacher made me redo all my math, so I completed it in Roman numerals.
Ski Trainer Beats my brother, has a taste of fear
Dude bothers me for nudes, I find his parents Facebook
Ain't that a kick in the nuts.
Substitute Teacher Sanity Test: Part I
Friend stabs friend.
Throw away my art? I'll refuse to flush.
I'm sorry, what did you say?
Time for my SIGNATURE MOVE
The harasser became the mildly harrassed
Roommate though away bathroom art.
Oh, you wanted this book?
Bully me? well i'll make every week miserable for you
My 7th grade English teacher hated me, but I made her think she was crazy for two weeks
Annoying tree 'expert' neighbour
Lock me out? Fine, say goodbye to your christmas present (on going revenge).
Assholes Race Ruined
Bully me, i'll ruin your day
Don't mess with my commute
You can't write nor speak!
Try to scam me? I'll get you banned from a hotel for life
Can I have my cards back? No? Well, we have a problem then.
A few stories from my time working at a supermarket
Call me gay, well your mum didn't like it
The best revenge ever
The Never Ending Game of Annoyance
All Wrapped Up
Asshole homophobic dad
Have fun showering without towels
Kid plagiarizes my speech; I do the unthinkable for any Debater
Its in the mail.
Things Aren't Always What They Seem
You continuously foul me in a scrimmage? I hope you enjoy a ball in your face.
Someone took my clothes out of the dryer I paid for
IT nerd owns bully brother (crosspost from /r/prorevenge)
Horrible coworker gets coworker fired, I get a little revenge...
Its the small things that count
You wanna keep picking on me? okay, I'll just take up martial arts
Using me to not pay? Enjoy being late to work.
I'm not your maid.
Girl threatens to accuse me of rape
Enjoy Your Bill
Cheat on me? Ok fuck you and I’ll fuck your friend.
Could have got him depirted
no I'm not going to let your child use my 2000$ tablet
Bro gets grounded and I get his pokemon card
Pure Karma
Bath of urine
Park on the path? I’m still going round.
Power change
That hurt, didn't it?
No heat? Okay then...
Camp prank is for dinner party of one
Unintentional Revenge on my Moms Friend (entitled mother and child)
My step dad tatted me out to my mom for smoking weed, so I used his face razor to shave my hole.Guy harasses my friend, Dads a Cop
Band partners don’t play and get exposed
Alcoholic flatmate steals from me..
Lie to my friend, see whats coming your way.
more of an accidental revenge but still.
Tailgate a new driver? Have fun with your brand new ticket!
I voted for Trump to spite an Ex
I annoy annoying kids
Bullies gets karma
I got my terrible teacher fired (I think)
Pretending to have road rage.
She didn't even keep the secret for 10 min, so I had to pay back.
Kid is complete jerk to me for no reason
Don't take my toilet paper
Friend's sister breaks keyboard so he takes her guitar
I dug through a coworkers comment history to give him gold, out of spite.
Gets co worker assigned a lot of work
Steal my bus seat? I'll get you suspended
Steal my Xbox and I’ll watch your Netflix
I spent an hour digging through a coworkers comment history, found one where he admitted he’s wrong and gave it gold.
Steal my bus seat? I'll get you suspended.
I love the County Fair
a guy tries to push in-front of me in the line in starbucks so i steal his coffee
Park like an asshole? Okay then...
Entitled Older Man bullies College-Age Kid, and Somebody Else is having NONE OF THAT
My first time getting revenge on the road😈
Entitled mother pushes in queue but karma hits her!
Short story
Childish fun
I can't believe this worked
Football/Soccer Parents give me grief, our team give them hell
2 AGAINST 1, NOT A FAIR FIGHT. 2 AGAINST A MARTIAL ARTIST, A GYM TEACHER AND 1, THAT'S A FAIR FIGHT.
You make me do everything. I make you miserable
Hippity hoppity, you damaged my property. Bippity boppity, I'm calling the coppity. Bippity boppity boo, I'm calling CPS too.
I did everything and you refused. So...
I know I’m in the wrong, but you pissed me off. Warning: very long condensed version at bottom.
Now you see it, Now you dont
Annoying Co-Worker Revenge
"friend"
You steal from me have fun trying to get your clothes
Rude people don’t like it when you call them rude
Got a person banned from a top leaderboard gaming team
how my deceased mother got karma to work its magic
ullie bullies me through primary so i get her bullied
Falsifying data? Don’t even think about it.
If you want to be mean, you can have the pink set.
Want to make us late? Okay then I'll make you late.
My 19th birthday becomes someone petty revenge.
Crappy friend at times gives email, regrets it years later now.
Neighbour has DEA paranoia
How to deal with bullies when everyone is a bully.
Young and Stupid
My teenage daughter has been a bit of a jerk lately so I deliberately bought two boxes of sugary breakfast cereal and no milk.
Not sure if this belongs here but just need to rant about something.
Anonymously telling them to go fuck themselves NSFW?
Suspension certainly will look great on a medical school application!
For the past year I've hidden Child Pornography on /r/food without anyone knowing.
Aunt forces me to be friends with her daughter who’s trying to make my life hell, so I decide to take matters in my own hands &gt;:).
Asshole parking
Vandal gets their just desserts
Turn on us and stole our loot? Enjoy getting demolished.
Fireman neighbor
Vandal gets their just desserts
Refrigerated Moron
You take my property i'll break it then
karma on woman who stole bookings from us.
Drunk at my expense? Go to jail
She bullied me over a guy she liked. So i started dating him just for her.
13-year-old regrets eating purse cookie
Trust exercise gone wrong
Loud tenants &amp; Landlord vs. Baby
Slap Your Chops, Taste My Bag.
A choosingbegger tries to rip of a dairy queen
Idiotic Old Man loses it over grocery transaction
Revenge isn’t always negative
Help me be petty
Being stuck in my own house isn't an emergency? I'll make an emergency.
Honk at me? Enjoy my slow driving.
Wanna frame me for something I didn't do? Prepare for pranks!
Want to annoy me, sucks to be you
I can be loud too
Popcorn goes well with revenge...
treat others the way you want to be treated, bitch.
Dumb teenage driver gets a visit from police
Kid Makes Racist Jokes, Then Tries To Con Me For Money
Foreigner "friend" keeps damaging local protected areas, costs him the trip.
Nintendo 64 revenge
You wanna be loud at 3am? I’ll be even louder
Sell me broken items? Okay, I'll do the same to you.
You don't deny me a charger, I deny you use of your computer!
My Ex Best Friend Finally Got What He Deserved
Whatever You Want, Lads!
Good bully, no thanks.
Got my bully expeled
Give me an anxiety attack? Ok.
Coworkers tried to get rid of me, I annoyed them.
Don’t shovel the tarmac? Lose some toilet paper😁
No legos for you
Ride my tail? Enjoy some false hope and a slightly longer trip.
My brother's drunk friend who came and pissed on my bedroom floor while I was sleepingCunt almost fucks up my personal life
Why didn't you wake me up?!
"Auntie" acts her way get the f**k out
Large Sweet Tea and Suck my Mickey D.
Make my life miserable in School? Say goodbye to your pride!
Sub teacher from hell
So the light has been green for a second or two and you need to honk me? Very well.
Don't rack your weights after you're done? Take mine off then.
CRUNCH
I pity NO fools!
I lost a student government election in college and I made life a living Hell for the guy who beat me
Cat tailed revenge
Two of my Proudest Petty Revenges:Grade Stomping and Cock Blocking
Bully gets instant karma
OH, you want to stalke me? fine, enjoy my special hamburger
I lost an election to be class president in college and I made life a living Hell for the guy who beat me
Bullied for 3 years, Attacked one, broke into the other's youtube channel.
Every time I talk with an antivaxxer I donate 20 dollars to UNICEF and vax 100 kids
Framed for breaking a frame, or 3
Dryer revenge
"You ruin my time outside? I'll ruin yours."
They tried to harm our dogs... My mother reacts
Don't want to put your shopping cart away? Prepare for some petty revenge.
Rude lady decides to hit me with her cart. I got a little petty.
Gamer eats his own words
I keep changing names on my pc because by brother is annoying
Stop Asking, Kid.
Guy starts a pig farm out of spite
I threw snow at the school bully- then this happened....
Dismissed as a human being while disabled.
If you’re rude to people who try to help you, you should expect revenge.
Stinky dog
Call CPS on my family? I'll key your 18k test drive.
Fortnite Swearers!
Friend kept on bugging me, I made him believe his exchange program was cancelled
Like the smell of dishes much?
Lady tries to get a free meal and pays double instead.
A Maid Threw Away My 300 Dollar Retainer In The Bin
I can be loud too, Mom.
Don’t park in our driveway
Taxi Driver Forced my Nanny to Clean His Car
He Beat Me To It
The Trash Wars.
Jerk Friend assaults me during sledding and gets mad when we win in a game without him.
Brotherly lovely
Friend tries to push me into the pool
Let's kill her with kindness!
My 14 yo self's dream came true.
Please sign
Getting back at a snitch co worker
Accidental revenge - Enjoy your "trip"
Dont mess with my child.
Lunch thief.
Prawn Revenge
Ideas for the future
My therapist was swindling my mother, so I got myself banned from seeing him
Revenge on my bully after months of torment
Don’t mess with Asians
My kid can do what they want! Until I make them smell.
I get my bully a face full of paper.
Bully me? Ok have fun staying In 8th grade
Kid rubs sh*t into my skateboard gets his on share of medicine
Not My Ex
I ruin my brothers dinner because he’s too lazy to make his own
When you underestimate a small kid...
Reverse r/pettyrevenge
Block the key pad in the lift? Enjoy a crop dusting
I'm special, I'm vaccinated, what's wrong with that?
Never mock my disabled brother...
Sometimes silence is the best revenge
My BF cheated and was hella abusive, so... I destroyed his chances with another girl!
Sometimes silence is the best revenge
Prior vet vs customers: First blood
Cutting in line? Karma will get you without me having to lift a finger.
Next Time, Don't Be A Hypocrite
Cutting in line? Karma will get you without me lifting a finger.
Push me around I will turn off your Xbox
Boy In My Grade Spreads Rumors About Me, So I Return The Favor
C&amp;P, C&amp;P, C&amp;P
Attitude change
Petty payback for stolen PS4
Sit in front of us an block our view? “Bullshit!”
9th grade Chemical Warfare
Embarrased My Bully
Guy pushes me over in a porta potty..... So, I got some revenge ;)
My bully got sent to South Korea after harassing me.
Petty revenge at the servo
Just let me use the piano...
Guy pushes me over in a porta potty..... So, I got some revenge ;)
Pettt revenge at the servo
Smells like garlic spirit
My Brother makes me wash extra dishes and makes fun of me? I give him half my job
My friend begs me for overpriced cookies everyday for nearly 5 months, so I tell him to pay me back
Ridicule Me For My Interests? That "Interest" is Now Your Life For a Day
Petty revenge at the servo
Little Asian Kid regrets taking a fortnite account.
Take to much Time in the Shower Good Luck Next time.
I got petty revenge in art class
Insult my photography? I’ll make sure this annoying girl gets your number.
Park in my spot, Good luck getting outGive someone an extra day of work for saving someone’s life? Okay, you’ll just work her day!
Cut my line? Karma will get you, and I won't even have to lift a finger.
THE JUICE WARS
Entitled Kid Steals Pokémon Cards
Irritate Me In Call Of Duty Black Ops II And I Shall Do Something Back
Got a bad present? Ruin their social life.
Call me shit? Well now you get a membership strike.
I physically can’t do it but I can go stoneface
just an occasional jerk getting a taste of his own medicine
Cut my line? Karma will get you and I won't even have to lift a finger.
Kid doesn't wait his turn on slide, get bloody nose
Brother yeeted me into snow
Your insurance fraud won't include my power bill.
I don't like your music, but I tell you what I do like, loud saxophone solos.
Other mod wants me out of the project, I transfer ownership of the server to someone else.
Oh, my window is in your property is it?
Stop Yelling or Else
Sorry, are my bins annoying you?
Finally manged to use one of my grandma's favorite cards against her
Not a story... or not one that’s got an ending yet....
Yell at me for following instructions? Say goodbye to your $10k paycheck.
It's a give and take relationship, honey.
Mom says Lifejackets on her kid Embarrass her. So, the Group she's with Embarrass her
just a very petty revenge
Don't park in my driveway
A lady keeps insinuating that my friend isn't disabled, guess who has to wait for the next train now
And it was just cleaned too...
Cheating wife demands severance...Denied!!!
I want nothing on the top bunk
Mom Embarrassed by The Thought of Her Kid Needing a Lifejacket. The Men of her Party Gets Revenge for this Kid.
Run over our lawn we will ruin your bumper.
Bully gets what he deserves and more after bullying me and my friends
Get every size 7? Okay.
Don’t cut in line, ya big jerk.
Cut me in line? How about I ruin your work?
Take away my free time? I’ll take away your work AND free time
You know those people who honk at traffic that can't move yet? I had one of those guys behind me today. So I pissed him off
Black Ops Zombies petty revenge
He decided to be an idiot so I created an alter ego
Summary:outs herself as furry in front of whole class and me assuming she wants to be known by that reputation I call her furry to her face and then she reports me and gets me a Saturday school.later she calls me a furry, she knows I don't like to be mislabeled and so I reported to the same teacher
Kid in preschool bullies me. I get him in trouble.
Need help to hatch a petty plan.
SOOOOOO mature
You don't like me not calling icings. have fun with that.
My 6th Grade Bullying Story
NERFing friends mom for multiple accounts
Hella short story
Kid steals my phone and sells it to ME (by accident)
Wait for it...Wait for it...NOW!
Let me mock my bad music teacher.
Woman is audibly flabbergasted I entered the checkout before her, her wait time increases.
You treat us like crap? Prepare yourselves!
(Game) Steal my hard and risky to get stuff? ill be sure to make your trip back home miserable!
A sports car: $1000000 but a good laugh: priceless!
Cheat on me....ok now your homeless and paying for 2 children..
My revenge
When Tech-savvys get revenge on a school bully
Failed revenge attempt...
Constantly kill me online? I'll waste your time
Psychologically torturing a middle schooler
Making my bully's friends hate her
Not my job
I wrote 3 open letters to kids at my school
Cheat on me ok...now your homeless and have to double child support
Jellybeans
Hippity hoppity, you're losing your jobbity
Don’t do this at archery tournaments
I was the reason why my BFF broke up with his BF.
Steal my cold water? Let me give you a taste of my saltiness.
Abused a child for comedy
Cut in the list u go back to the end
If you act like an asshole in front of the fry-guy you're gonna get crap
Don't cut in line
the driveway in front of your house isn’t yours, apparently 🤷🏻‍♂️
How I Got Back At My Dickhead Neighbours
Bully me? Have fun buying a new phone
Life long best friend..... not so much!!!
You lost your project? I'll constantly make fun of you in front of the whole class
Lousy neighbors, dinged up cars, dogs barking, tuna fish and DJ equipment.
My best friend's revenge with a Dead Rat
how to fuck can i get revenge on my mom for not knocking on my motherfucking door
Push me? Alright, see how you like this!
She said I was lying about being abused, I gave the most minimal revenge I could (I felt guilty)
Ex-Stepmom forgets to transfer car title to her name, dad decides to sell it back from the original seller
Dont know if it fits.
You try to fail me cuz you dont like me ok ill annoy you even after i leave the school
Lifejackets are Embarrassing
It’s my album.
Classmate decides my desk is her storage area so I ruin her stuff
Turned my entire class against my teacher.
My ex roommate wrote me a bad check when he gave me my deposit back. Ideas?
Steal my friend's food? Push my friend off a tire swing? Steal my friend's sister's pencil case? Let's just say it's going to get a little muddy between us.
Yes, even shoe store employees can have some fun.
A classmate gets me in trouble and steals from me so I get him held back.
Steal my money I'll steal your exam
Pot Head Roommate
How can I get back at a customer service agent that was a prick over the phone and somehow is able to get away with it? I have his extension number
Maybe better on MurderedByWords?
My Friends Are Crazy
I’m talking to a guy and I let him sign into my Hulu and whenever he leaves me on read/pisses me off I log him out of it and act like I have no clue why it logged him outDon’t think I’m sick? Well I just have to get everyone else to prove it
If you're going to mock me for being depressed, I'm going to mock you for every flaw of yours I can find
Not really a story from me but from my brother
Revenge on my 1st grade teacher
i hate my neighbors
friend rats me out I give him a taste of his own medicine
I un-helped my roommate because he ruined my video game
I gave you 25 cheeseburgers, not 20! Five more?! Coming right up, sir!
Bully me get destroyed by my weight
Pull out my earbuds? Hope you enjoy getting expelled!
I stole my bully’s girlfriend (kind of)
Not exactly the most BRUTAL petty revenge but I thought I would share it here anyways
Hope you like the spicy version! Enjoy! XD
Thanks for paying for my Hulu that I don’t use
Throw away Chicken nuggets I ask for you no longer exist when I have a slushie.
He Took Half My Pokémon Cards, I Took His Entire Collection.
dont mess with the paper boy.
Little but I’m not satisfied
My StepDad yells at me for saving my dog from sickness
Christmas Spirit
That email looks a lot like spam.
Enjoy your daily slight annoyance for being dicks
A friend lost her cat
"Haha! I bet you'll get your own lunches, now!"
Band teacher gets served her own medicine... and more
Looking back this is pretty evil ... but you know.. don’t be a b****?
Dont Be an Attention Seeker
5th graders ruin an expensive mower because the principle destroyed the school's snow fortress
Teaching a Lesson...In Smash.
Car Park Incident.
You want a car to break? Try breaking this!
guy got mad because i wouldn't give him free items, called him out and he got even saltier
Steal my water bottle get it tipped on your head
Getting Revenge On Rude Entitled Kid
Put ducktape in my hair, have fun sleeping on the floor!
Almost broke my foot trying to get revenge
In the wrong and no manners? Enjoy paying an extra day's hire fees!
r/pettyrevenge The Annoying Kid In School
Teacher calls me names. I'll get him fired and he'll never teach again.
Cheat off of me? Enjoy your F.
My father tried to file me under his taxes illegally and blackmail me. Ended up blackmailing himself
My religion is none of your business
Noisy flatmates sorted thanks to technology
Steal my drink and I will chug it all
Stick ducktape in my hair, have fun sleeping on the floor!
Financial Literacy and Why I Loved it
You want my pen? Here take it *snickers*.
Be toxic and team-kill me, get a day ban
Payback is a bitch
Kid Bullies Me For Being Asian, Karma Strikes Back [Long Story]
I lost an election for class president in college and made I student government a living hell for the dude who beat me
Scammer didn't expect this.
We splashed a man in the pool on holiday.
Boyfriend doesn't believe that he snores. Prove it in the pettiest way I could think.
You want to mildly irritate me? I’ll do the same to you.
The science teacher who graduated magma cum laude
Kid bullies me and my friends until i get his password and do this...
Guy breaks my minecraft server so i scare the shit out of him
"Are you crazy? If I can't go home, neither can you!" Sure, buddy!
Bone-breaker is exposed in front of like 50 ppl
Nobody puts baby in the dog poop
Friend slaps me so I make him cry
Call me names and be mean? You will have spider in your purse
Lazy student gets owned by APUSH teacher
Don't like the ducks in our pool, fine you have them.
Failed revenge leads to a better one down the road
Lazy kid gets owned by APUSH teacher in a petty way
Steal my Runescape Account, I'll steal 5 of yours
Remote control hidden
Park in the path? I’m still going past.
a distracted boy/girl hits my with their car and blames it on me!
Punched a bully in the face and he told on himself
Woman finds my story about her and goes sicko mode.
I get called a bastard little do they know, I'm English.
nearly got my phone stolen
Bully tells on himself
Enjoy your well done fries!
i need a plan.
My mothers a genius
If I go down you're coming with me
A request for all you petty heroes
My mum's dead beat Ex
Shit on my grass? Sure go ahead!
CALL THIS GUY AND DONT STOP
Let me do your part of a project after you did nothing all week? Youre going to fail and be embarrassed in front of the whole class.
Entitled people park on the path
I'm not poisoning myself just because you don't know what you're doing.
Respect the graveyard shift at a hotel.
Laxatives... just read
The "Clerical error" ;)
40yo Child Tries High School Drama, Learns Important Life Lesson
His girl liked me more than him so he outed me
Lady won’t move over one seat so my husband, son and I can sit together at a movie. She soon regrets that decision.
Petty teacher
Be an absolute monster over an mp3? Hope you like sharing the recording.
You don’t believe me when I’m telling the truth? Guess I’ll just lie then
You get me in trouble OK now stop or else
He wouldn't let me use the bathroom so I peed on his hand, he thought I came.
Pumpkin Smasher, Snowman Stomper, Meet Public Humiliation.
Smashing Snowmen?Oh,​ you want your drink in 2 seconds? SURE!​
Come on time to the bus
Feels gud..
Customer get's angry at me for smiling
(Request) I have a person phone number. I really don't like them. Anything I can do to mess with them?
3 kids, 1 sis, 1 petty revenge
You Like To Take My Cat? How About This Petty Revenge.
You want to copy off of MY quiz? Sure, let me put the wrong answers on the quiz for you
Steal My Seat? Enjoy Detention!
Waste my time? I'll waste yours
idk how i didn't get in a fight
Flexing on a spoiled brat
r/pettyrevenge
Make fun of me I'll make a for stick at the tip of your nose
Break my heart for a change
Kid in my class makes fun of my friend, my friend exposes him in a discrete way.
My dear ex... and his single testicle (petty revenge becomes majorly chaotic)
Be a toxic person? Get copyright reports filled against you
Pokemon thieves never prosper
You Should've Worn Shoes, Sweetie
The one time I waited 4 years to get revenge on my ex best friend
Wanna wake me up in the middle of the night? enjoy having no blankets
Dumbass kid gets what he deserves
The Most Obnoxious Women I Ever Had The Displeasure Of Speaking To.
Teacher makes me stay inside for doing my homework?
So you want to cheat on me?
Steal my Pokemon cards I'll steal all your games and cards, ruin your reputation at school, and send you a video of me throwing all of them into a bonfire.
41 yo Pedo harrasses my gf,this is what he gets in exchange
Server Petty Revenge
Bullying the bully.
Server Petty Revenge
"It was on the Syllabus let us show you"
Sweet (not for him) revenge on thieving housemate
Why I enjoy telemarketers now.
Roommate's friend steals money from my wallet, so I took it back.
Leave your car in my way? That’s just fine, I’ll destroy your snow wall and ruin your work.
Make me lose an entire day of school after missing a week because I don’t agree with your political views I’ll make your life a living hell
Taking shampoo without my permission
I don't know if this is against the rules but can you guys help me get petty revenge on someone??
Don’t want to help us? Well hope you have fun failing.
you ruined my grades
You didn't have to rage.
It’d undermine your integrity? What a shame that I have proof...
Mess with my friend and get you ass handed back to you
Closed a classmates computer, made him have to research again
If you don't like sous vide then I wont tell you it is sous vide.
“Friends” say there gonna beat me up after school so I put them through an two hours of hell
My stolen pen
Bad Apex teammates can just stay down
Inside out dirty laundry becomes inside out clean laundry.
Stop stealing my chewing gum!
You delay my work with incompetence, I'll delay yours with pettiness
My one and only time I hit someone in the nuts and enjoy it.
Dispute over wall height with Creeper Neighbour
7 year old me revenge on best friend.
Bratty Kid annoys local card game tourney group, I'd thought to put him in his place.
Kid knocks ice cream out of hand and says sorry
Queue Hopper
Drinking Dilemma
Gonna trash the place and mooch? Get out
Say No one likes me for having a drink? I’ll take my time
Fighting my bully
“You need to lose some weight”
Customer get's angry at me for smiling
Treat me like crap and you’ll see. (i suck at titles k)
The Car Park Incident.
Ignore the humble office junior? Okeydoke.
Adult daughter refuses to do dishes so I take all the dishes away
Bully who locked me in a drain and pissed on me gets karma 14 years later
Stop leaving glass where we walk dogs!
Not a good idea
Keep on asking to borrow my scissors? I'll get you some scissors for you.
petty revenge on a 41 years old nonce who harassed my gf
Call me stuff? I'll use it against you :3
Car Park Incident.
Dumb bully broke a security class and had to pay for it.
Car Park Incident.
Child Spams me, little does he know I turn his spam against him,
I accidentally enacted Petty Revenge on my High School Homeroom Teacher and only realized years later. Thanks, ASD.
Don’t resort to violence for it will lessen you victory
I got back at my cheating ex by spoiling GoT.
He steals my iphone and then tries saying he owns it. How I got my 'Petty' Revenge
Relentless bully who steals our stuff is tricked into eating a chocolate covered dog turd
Wont let me take maths? I’ll ruin your meeting
poop revenge reenacted by puppets
How I Stay Positive at Work
Dog poop's Biodegradable huh?
Fat neighbourhood bully used to take our food and allowance daily when we were 7
Don't mess with the elementary school
Kid gets cast as punishment?
The tales of Nille the brave, and our first "robbery"... or my gateway to the criminal group environments
Want to help me get petty revenge?
Drive dangerously, get kicked off ride share page.
Homecoming Horror
Fed my greedy friend a pebble
School bully get it HARD!
Being the witness to your dads petty revenge is very uncomfortable
Band Instructor Threatens to Hit Student, Gets Fired
[this post contains a link to a post in r/prorevenge that was my post that didn’t belong there and instead belongs here]
Look mom i got here earlyI GOT THIS TEACHER FIRED LOL.
Try to fake a homosexual relationship with me to embarrass me?
Students get teacher fired for making them suffer in the cold
I am new and I am looking for think to waste time like stories
Break my birthday present? well then...let the games begin...
Break my phone I’ll steal your switch
Mess with my friends and get your a$$ handed back to you
Teacher loses my paper and get mad at ME
Don't bully me or I'll have to ruin your ten year old love life ( x-post with r/ProRevenge)
Break your own rules? Enjoy not watching your show.
Crappy Boss Later Finds Son's Tinder
Kid gets me suspended on psn and I have him perma banned
How many t-shirts does it take to find a missing one?
the ol' sending junk mail to a jerk
#NOREGRETS
Oh so you disliked my YT videos?
You make fun of my backpack, ok I’ll just ruin your relationship then!
Come to the bus on time.
Aggressive New Year's Resolutioners/hardgainers at the gym
My petty revenge
Steal my skateboard feel my wrath!
Tax Season Revenge
Flat mate annoys us all.
Bossy Coworker Forced to Fix Her Mistakes
abusive drinker meets her match
Eat my cakepop? Oh I’ll let you have it
How me and my Foster Brothers got back at our ex's
Kid steals my airsoft gun and gets a surprise
Flat mate abusing our earholes with my stereo system.
Get your own freaking contact solution!
She had the cigarettes back
Sister takes my shovel so I take revenge :)
You think your stereos are loud? We'll get louder ones
An Eye for an... everything
Don't plagiarise
Homophobic bitch? Alright, I'll be gay for you
My dad is the king of petty.
Annoying Bullies=Revenge
Sometimes its good to snitch
Homophobic Bitch? Alright, I'll be gay for you
Won’t let me take maths. I’ll ruin your meeting
Habanero underwear
That one time a "BLS" was allowed to teach little kids.
Eat all our chips? I'll turn your mouth into fire
Lazy entitled girl uses my driveway repeatedly, I spend 2 hours modifying my driveway to damage her car.
You want an American moderator? Sure thing.
Call me stuff? I'll use it against you :3
Car Park Incident.
Obnoxious boi pisses my friend off, so she plants a garden in his carpet.
Car Park Incident.
Banned me with no warning then messaged me from a porn blog asking for free shit
You want me to return my textbook? Ok 🙃
Toxic “friend” doesn’t get his study guide
Today this happened
Don’t steal my coke or karma will bite you
I Take Nasty Poops at Work So my high school bully has to clean them up. (Original Post on r/confessions)
Act Like I’m Stupid? I’ll Make Sure To Inch My Paper Into Your Line Of Sight...
Sister hates cats. She also hates me now.
They tried to keep me from playing Runescape, so I kept them from playing
In loving memory...
Complain about me helping my disabled neighbor? Have fun with the nightmares!
You steal my pencil grip, you get an F
park in our driveway? ill make your life a living hell.
Xbox spammmer.
The destroyer of flower beds
Time heals all
Run over my leaf bags? Not any more you won't
Juicy Revenge
This is where Lies get you.
I got revenge on my cousin in the best way. X-post from EntitledParents
Don’t Screw with Your Technicians
I get revenge on a woman at the zoo
Mess my friend around? I'll undo the help he gave you
Get your hands off me property!
Stick me with a large phone bill, enjoy getting kicked out of your house and losing your job
After Being harassed for too long I finally got him back.
U MAD BRO !!
The Bumato
My Girl-Bully Lost Her Phone To A Teacher
Bully me for 2 years? Say bye to your stuff.
My friend made fun of me online got expelled
Didn't you learn throwing snowballs are not allowed in middle school?
American Airlines loses a Ticket Sale and a Customer
Friend betrays me, then plays the victim
Group tries to leach off of me to get a good grade. I hope they liked the credits page
Go ahead, splash on me.
"We don't have that anymore!"
Shut the door!
Sleep is beautiful
Get your germs on me? You can have them right back.
The Time my Cat Got Her Petty Revenge.
tabel
Chemistry teacher hates crutches.
How do I make this petty in my favor?
closet full of pee
Don't Smoke
Some guy in like the 1800s or something
Caused a hard fender bender, and didn’t even stop, well say for once.
My Revenge on a Classmate in My AG Class
A $60 bottle of revenge served with a side of laughter.Guy annoys people on the bus, gets bamboozled
She got me evicted and her cranberry juice got a little thicker. Not that she seemed to notice 🤔
Keep Stealing My Water
Call my friend naive for stating true facts? I have no problem ruining your day.
Teacher pushes me because he doesn’t believe I’m a cripple, so I get him fired.
Butter me up, lead me on, then ghost me? Get ready for the petty.
Take over my chair? How about a phone to the nuts!!!
Up in the Closet
“A Dad demands my steam games after I won’t give it to his son.” Cross posted from r/entitledparents
But you need to vote
3 generations of hate
Guess who?
Move your chair
Girl i did a favour for is being horrible to me.
Want to berate me on Speakerphone? I'll tip the Domino's for being sympathetic towards me.
Small yet Satisfying (to me) Story. Sorry for wasting your time by posting this. P_P
Shift lead has a bit of an ego so I deflated it slightly
Try to claim the computer we're supposed to share? Here. Take THIS.
Cashiers in Chinatown
The kid across the street got a laser and shot it into our window so I got him back
A horrible friend
A quiet bitch is always deadly
A horrible friend
Get off my porch!
Hey! Want a ticket? "Not if I have to pay"
Get to the bus on time.
It's the small wins
That’s my turn!
1 sock, 2 socks,3 socks no socks
kicked my "friend" while he is sleeping for revenge
Treat me like shit for no reason? Great, have fun stressing out.
You cant pass it to me, thats fine
My roommates are cheapskates when it comes to comfort
He still owes me a new one
You steal my pen I steal yours
no ore for you
Punching a bully is satisfying...
Renting out the entire pool
Angry lady cussed towards kids,ends up leaving.
Steal My Spot? I Steal Your Sanity!
An old ‘friend’ was a mega bitch to me so I named so I named my dog after what she wanted to name her future kid.
How I managed to humiliate both of the class bullies in elementary school.
The worst neighbors leave with us.
Guy buttered me up, then ghosted me, so I got petty
My Friend, The Yogurt Thief
This one goes out to you
Spam me about getting married, I’ll spam you right back bro!
My friends funny story
Serpent Substitute Gets What She Deserves
Stick me with a large phone bill, enjoy getting kicked out of your house and losing your job
Honk at me for obeying traffic laws? Have fun being stuck behind me driving 10mph
High school buddy gets his comeuppance
Bmws keys are expensive to replace.
Steal My Space? I Steal Your Time!
Classroom revenge against a old bully
The Stink Brush Story
Oops, Sorry.
"Peanut Butter"
I accidentally tripped a sexist bully in high school.
Make my school life worse? Enjoy your bag soaking wet!
Harass my neighbor? Ruin my sleep? I’ll ruin your love life in one week.
Guy steals my food. I call his mom.
Angry Parent tells me to do something, so I do.
Kick my things every where? Enjoy your things wet.
You Don't Respect Nice Things? Okay, No Nice Things.m
Some people can seriously overreact
Girl gets me kicked out of class but i'm not going down like this
I had enough
Short but (not) Sweet
I made a deal to do your homework ill get you tf in trouble
Abusive Discord Mod Gets What He Deserves
Guy buys my Jeep Wrangler, doesn’t want to transfer title and tags. Ends up getting screwed.
When Karma bites you in the ass for harassing my brother and I.
Rude lady gets what she deserves
Throw out my bath mat? I'll just put it right back where it goes.
Mess with me I’ll get you suspended
No Worries!
I wasn't good enough to be in this girls group, so I get her to leave.
Beginning of the end: Pushback for an entitled Aunt
Don't Illegally Park on a Federal Base, or Walk Everywhere. Everywhere is 10+miles from anything.
Messed up lunch break
Freeloader didn't do any work, got revenge after a long time (repost from my older post in prorevenge, someone didn't think it belonged there and so did I)
Got keys made for my car, the keymaker stole expensive cologne from my glovebox.
Want to make fun of an autistic kid? Fine, you don't get to have friends.
Primary School Bully with "amnesia"
Best friend forgot my birthday. She definitely remembers now...
No one likes a snake ;)
Crazy cleaning lady
Un-invited my daughter? Fine, you can listen to her cry too
Crazy woman calls police on us for parking a centimeter in front of her driveway, now it's our turn for revenge.
Bully me constantly for your lost points? Now you got more.
You messed with the wrong person
I’m the captain now.
My friend ditches me and I mess around with him.
If I don't get to use my pen, no one can
Beater and cheater gets beat in his own game.
Make me choose my own anniversary gift? My petty revenge will make him regret it!
Harass my cousin? Oh you get an expulsion
The best revenge I’ve ever gotten in my whole entire life
PB demands water got more than he bargained forNext Time, Watch Your License Plate
Ceossover?!
Two group members do almost all the work the day a project is assigned, the rest of the group has nothing to contribute.
Revenge is best served all at once
Looks like you dropped something miss.
Bully steals milk and ends up shitting herself.
Honk at me for following traffic laws? Have fun driving behind me going 10mph
Petty pizza delivery revenge indeed
Kit Kats
Guy steals lunch pays the price
Dont mistreat a pizza delivery guy
Mom didn’t make dinner on her designated night? I’ll treat myself to her favorite food
Friend is generally insulting to me, so taste this sweet sweet revenge
Messed up lunch break
Don't mistreat the pizza guy.
Come on time to the bus stop please.
If I don't get to use my pen, no one can
Elitist Hotel receptionist gets red cheeks. (Not nsfw)
If I don't get to use my pen, you don't get too either
Friend steals a toy from me, her sister helps me steal it back
Rude server needs to change attitude
I burned my boss' tongue for not giving me a promotion and burned my co-workers' tongues for good measure
Fakes a car accident. Underestimates mother and social media.
I'm really quite petty. But I felt somewhat justified about this one.
Nope, I don't have anything better to do.
Guest is nasty? Take revenge!
Going to lick my snacks? Ok, I'll tell the teacher for changing an answer.
You want me to move in the gym, good luck with that
I'll transfer you right away.
That one guy
If You Are Gonna Be Dumb Then I'll Treat You In A Dumb Way
Insult me when I won’t lower the price? Get stranded in the rain.
Bro and sis won't flush dirty toilet paper, and I've had enough
Fine, No Tigger for you.
Buy me one valentine's gift as a joke? You've just made a grave mistake...
Ex friends play on my stuff without me
Little Brother eats all my sorbet that I bought for myself
Don't assume you know everything, it is a small world after all
Sister annoys me with notes so I rip them up and throw them in her room
Dingleberry Co-workers Get Pissed because they wanted to leave first...
You want tomato sauce? Sure, but you’ll have to work for it.
Steal from me and ignore lawyers? Hope you enjoy your new website
So you don't think you should pay me because I "cost you money to train me and hire me"?
My friends petty revenge on my abusive brother
Room mate issues help?
This is what happens when you tell your password in class...
Never Trashtalk if you are shit
Bully a barman? Bring in the crew.
Racist neighbor moves out...finally
Parting and waking everyone up from my neighborhood, well then take my pretty revenge
A woman in car accident refuses to exchange insurance, Revenge is taken.
Snap at your waiter, get a doggie bowl
Eat shit Damien
Revenge on dude that hit me
I need some advice. My neighbors across the street from me Saran wrapped my truck because I parked on their side of the street. What should I do?
You steal my Lunch and you pay for it and get caught by the police
Tries to save face even after being called out
Treat me like crap, I treat your store like crap
Insult my parenting, I’ll stop doing nice things for you
Dont take me for a walk ill pee
Get that consequences follow the rules and won't happen
It's so easy to follow the rules... and easy to follow the consequences
Stealing a Charizard card from my bully
You don't care about climbing easy rules? Take care of the unexpected consequences
I get teacher to give slacker project partner a bad grade
Bully me once, alright, bully me twice, let's go,
Wanna to play loud music all night long? no need to sleep then...
Annoying My Big Brother by Being a Little Brother
Christian pays more for food after condemning me to hell for my tattoo
My crazy music teacher
a little 4th grade incident (it's just a repost i made but it wasn't that serious to be put in r/prorevenge)
A Witness to a Hit and Run, A Witness to his demise. A karma with a side dish of petty revenge.
Ostracized
My revenge was ghosting her, cutting out the bad parts of my life, and leaving her to deal with the mess she made.
Student fakes a relationship to bully/embarrass me. I get the creep in trouble at the perfect time.
Student lies about my sexuality and faked a relationship between us in order to bully me. I wait until the perfect moment to the creep in trouble.
You snap at me? Taste my petty revenge.
Sweet revenge over a stolen book
Brother locked himself out of his room and told me to f-off when i offered to help.
Gets called ugly / steals spotlight at party
Want to abuse my hard work? You fail a class
I return a girl’s wallet and she thanks me buy pouring my slushee on me
"Sorry, that's not my job"
Unusual Hair gel
You want me to do the presentation well goodluck
You bully me, you get it
A girl​ yells at me over a chair calls me a B behind my back... and my little revenge.
Like drinking my chocolate milk? Jokes on you, its poisoned...kind of
You bullied me, GET THAT BULLY
Glitter in my notes and all over my desk.
Laxatives
Former employer refuses to payout PTO forgets that I was given copy of official PTO handbook
Hockey Fan Rivalry Escalates
My brother is a scumbag!
Stop me from hustling old clothes? Enjoy the added 30 seconds to each morning.
Hypocrite Mean Pastor
Pizza job part 3
Kill my teammates I take your DLC
Dine N Dashers Get Schooled
Get a disabled not want to eat? Get a taste of your own medication (almost quite literally).Don't Eat Your Roommate's Food
Stormy Weather and Icy Roads
Not giving me enough attention.Have fum without a phone.
You don't tip? Enjoy frozen pizza
Lost my headphones on sixth grade? Hav fun repeating a year in high school.
Have fun with your broken juul!
So I can’t be on the team because I don’t have a South Park gamer pic
Let your baby bite me? Tomorrow is gonna be crap for you.
Have fun with your broken Juul!
Different kind of revenge that was indescribably satisfying
Screw me over? I'll screw you over one last time.
Steal my parking spot after a long wait? Have fun with some broken windshield wipers
Spread lies about me? I can be the monster you want me to be.
Eat the rest of my chips? Okay.
Next door neighbor (apartment) always left her valet trash can out early and halfway in front of my door
Boy, oh boy, do I love me some Pokemon and corndogs!
She snitched on me so I lied about her
It’s your turn to pull off the revenge
People will do anything for a taste of the high life
Moral of the story-patience
A drug dealer ripped me off for 40 bucks so I destroyed his boat.
Don't make me do something I said no to.
He lied to me so I embarrassed him in front of 2 of his exes and the counselor
People will do anything for a taste of the high life
A drug dealer ripped me off for 40 bucks so I destroyed his boat.
A drug dealer ripped me off for 40 bucks so I destroyed his boat
Petty Cash Revenge
If I cant eat my food in here, I'll eat it on your bed
Entitled customers at movie theaters
The time I made a guy rage quit in World of Warcraft
Can't eat my food in here? Fine, I'll do it on your bed.
Keep using my products? Have fun with your pink hair.
You scream, I’ll clean the room
College Girl Gets What She Deserves... TWICE
He stole my scar so we...
Extreme Laundry Revenge
Neighbors use my driveway so I block them in
You don't tip? Enjoy cold pizza
the best story ever
"Friend" tells our teachers that we went to a mall, so me and my friend made a plan. (crap title but whatever)
Make me stub my toe? I turn off your power!
call out my shit math teacher.
A lesson for snobby kids
Why you dont mess with wrestlers
Teacher said i was too dumb/retarded to finish school, Proved her wrong.
Revenge on a prefect
Someone stole my drier. I gave him a quest.
Force me to eat something that I hate?
Force me to eat something that I hate?
You don't tip? Enjoy cold pizza.
SAFETY PET CAR SEAT!
Need bed date partners
A bit of petty revenge on the school
Don't be an asshole to your kids/step-kids.
Finally caught the person who has been letting their dog poop in my front yard.
Lady tries to take my friends switch
Revenge on my teacher who wouldn’t let me film a documentary in high school.
Boarding House Shenanigans - A love story
Next time use a different dryer, Leave my laundry alone.
Getting an evil woman to buy me ice cream outside of Universal Studios park barefoot
Problem solved with “That’s the last time you’ll fucking grab me” and finished with a punch to the eye.
Entitled mom doesn't know how free samples work
Men’s Fashion (Free Shipping)
Does anyone know how to make an account on badboyreport.kr? It won’t send me a password and I need to report someone on there.
Don't want to follow directions? Fine by us
I was asked to host on my day off.
Creepy bitch follows me
Lady refuses to pick up her dogs poop. Gets shut thrown back at her.
My son's stepmom spanked him for bullying
Want me to put away my phone when it’s not hindering my ability to do chores? Sure!
Hurt my feelings? I’m going to take away your light
Stop hitting and kicking me or i will kick you with scoocer shoes
I changed the day
Petty Parking Ticket
Bully me for over a month? Enjoy your ears exploding!
Maybe If Your Hand Hadn't Been on My Ass, It Would't Have Gotten Stabbed
Bully me for over a month? Enjoy your ears exploding!
Ok I’ll sit in the back
Bully me for over a month? Enjoy your ears exploding!
Annoying Flatmates? Heavy metal!
Grandpa Sells Property Under Lady's Nose
An interesting comeback from a divorce
The “Genius” of the Class
I wrote a mean letter to my friend and I never got in trouble for it.
Salmon Frosting
Getting to punch your school bully and getting no repercussions form the school
You want me to cook? Fine, I’ll cook.
I waited 4 years to destroy his happiness because of what he did to my friend.
I can't listen to a song? Sure, let me just play some others
Mock me in Soccer? enjoy the ball, might taste good!
Customers with bad attitudes.
Trashy roommate steals my food. I get him back good ;)
My brother wearing my clothes
Get in your designated coach seat
prankster?
Getting choked by a student, then revenge comes
Telling lies, get snitched
Here have this Mexican Carrot
Pissing in a shoe has its consequences
Shitty neighbors and petty revengeNeighbors never leave enough room for me to park
My Aunties mexican carrot revenge.
Pissing in a show comes with its consequences
the Gaming "friend" The Amazing Revenge
my petty revenge story
Screw this,I'm going home. And telling everyone else to go to a different company.
A student’s petty revenge against a crappy landlady
https://www.facebook.com/StopBullyingForCassidyTrevan/photos/a.324664977992876/585722545220450?type=3&amp;sfns=mo
valentine can be evil as well
Kid who makes me later than usual to 2nd period, gets delayed himself
Getting threatened for knocking too loudly
Bully Friend gets what she deserved
Olive Garden Breadstick Rebuttal
cold feet
Leave your clothes in the dryer so I can’t use it? That’s fine but I’ll make you question your sanity
Boy takes a detention to give brother Saturday school
girl tells lies i get revenge (not yet tho)
You have candy? Of course. I have 14 bags.
The advantages of winter road salt
Petty driving revenge
Leaving a cart in a handicap spot when it's below freezing
Chicken patties
You thought you took my juice, well you took my urine sample..
Sweet revenge on a cheater (non relationship kind)
Thought I wouldn't make it on time, did you?
No sandwich for me
Ok you can copy off my paper!
Can you roll me a cigarette?
A Minecraft Minifigure
I will not give you my pop
Im first now
Yeah I'll get that for you...
Lock our bikes together to stop us leaving? We’ll see about that!
You want the donuts? Okay!
Telling lies? Get snitched.
You leave with what you take
Pet Cancer Therapeutics Market by Cancer Types and Animal Types
Made My EX-GF's Family Aware of Her Cheating
Take my bike, I take yours
"Rub my son's face in his vomit? Well good luck finding another job!"
Nice truck, too bad about the scratches...
Traffic bullies get stung
Piggyback my train fare, I'll ruin your ice cream!
Asshloles in traffic got stung
My homophobic teacher
That one time I used my knowledge in law for a petty revenge
How do you communicate your victory?
Pretty revenge by failing
Yell at the TV really loudly? Enjoy your precious internet off for a bit.
How about you forget both?
Double-standard NCOIC and my Petty Revenge
Friend betrayed ME, So I got the revenge he deserved.......
The Wardrobe, Garlic and a Motorcycle.
Upset over 3 inches? Prepare to get 3 more inches to worry about.
Sister steals headphones, I use the most pissy way to get it back
Lose me, lose the key.
Country music anyone?
Help me play a petty game against my coworker
Wait until we leave the game to sell the loot? Sure go ahead, test us
The burrito that forgave my brother
I help a little girl get revenge on her mean older brother via escape room.
You want me to cook? Fine, that’s what (all) I’ll do.
The sister who cried wolf
Propose to me and tell me your away so much working to build us a house, and get married behind my back to a girl you knew for 2 weeks? Let’s see how this plays out
How to deal with shitty people
Single me Out? Prepare for Trouble.
Hot pocket
"Stay off my man's post"
Beedrill Showdown
i really hated my school (probs going to die in new)
Just some PETTY REVENGE on my friend in 4th grade
Friend closes Chromebook, I get revenge.
Account Buyer Thinks He Can Get Away With Hacking In ESEA
The laundry lady
I TRIED to help a guy out on his date
Fire Me? I'll show them your browsing history
Fire Me? Let's show your browsing history
Crop Dusting
I TRIED to help a guy out on his date (xpost to r/talesfromyourserver)
I don't hear you doing homework.
My friend and I managed to get the test answers and she still expects me to do the work for her.
A ruler for a finger
I’m Late! Ok you’ll see
The day my asshole neighbors learned not to fuck with me
I still can't believe my dad let me do this
Gummy Bears
The Shorts Fall History
Spreading love to homophobic people...through rainbows!
Being annoying, show it to everyone.
ATM
When petty revenge feels good (long but satisfying)
Fine kick me out [long story]
it's MY car, not OUR car
My friends V-Day revenge
Cyclist's revenge on judemental guy
Mistreatment of property
Snitches get Snitched on right back
From water bottle throwing to music criticism
That one time when I made my class miss break..for nearly a whole week
I need help with getting an annoying stuck up kid at my schoolBe an asshole, get exact change back.
Sweet revenge over a stolen book
School partner tries to throw me under the bus
An InTeReStInG tItlE
me being overweight=bullying (this is a short story)
Took a mini revenge on seller
A man casually blew a giant cloud of cigarette smoke all over the sidewalk just as I was coming up behind him pushing my daughter in the stroller
Karma is a cruel mistress
Player gets angry and loses to a vengeance seeking turtle
Scammer fobs her debt collectors off on stranger (me); I throw them back
Colleague is caught lying about her child
teacher's pet (I'm the teacher's pet)
My brother was just an irredeemable prick to me about 20 mins ago
A cupcake runny masterpiece.
Eat my Pizzas, I brake your iPhone.
Take my shower!
I left my cheating ex-girlfriend homeless.
Parking Wars.
McDonald's Vigilante
Pretend you don't know me, OK i'll troll you.
Give me the cold shoulder? No prob, I’ll just replace everything you have with yogurt and mushrooms.
The iPhone Debacle
Snow Shoveling Revenge with a side of Freezing Rain
I admitted to being a baby arson to piss her off
Have a very petty Christmas
My sister has no idea....
My brother's girlfriend would not stop eating mine and my roommates food. So we start calling her "Miss piggy" when ever she does it.
Make fun of then I ruin your project
My dad gets revenge on an overly rule bound Captain.
I once vomited on the floor in class in retaliation against the substitute
yeah, sure, i'll get my dogs shit off your lawn
I sabotaged an old co-workers relationship while he was on a date
yeah, sure, i'll get my dogs shit off your lawn
Airbnb jackass takes advantage of generous checkin policy and ends up out a Tahoe snowstorm with nowhere to go but a pricy hotel
My principal politely asked me to leave the school for "scarring the students"
I Am Not Shy about my Period and my Teacher Hated It
Don't leave your phone laying around if it's not password protected!
6th Graders Get Revenge On 7th Graders
Crappy Roommate
Blackmail who?
3rd grade drama
Looks like you'll fail math now, asshole!
Milkshake Mistake
"You're really not that smart"
Roommate would keep me up with his phone, so I kept him up with mine
Foiled Again!
The ultimate petty grandfather
Fire me? Your clients see your porn now.
You want to complain about me? Ill give you something to complain about.
Prank me and get a nice spicy and hot drink after running a mile fast!
bully me? enjoy my revenge..
So this teacher hated me
I need an auto call app to spam this guy who decided not to pay me
Roommate was stealing underwear so I stuck dog poo in his mattress.
be careful who you make fun of in foreign langues.
snitch on me? imma eat your food
Had a kid held back a grade
My best friend was petty for both of us
Mess with my bestie don’t cry about the petty revenge
When being petty actually rewards you
Be rude to me and my Bestie, we’ll just make it so you can’t go near your gf.
I got my former employers in trouble
Put the wrong trash in the neighbours wrong bin and hopefully maggots.
Turns out MMA doesn't help with filling out end-of-day reports
Roommate gets naked in front of my boyfriend on purpose
How I got a little vengeance in a difficult class.
Car park revenge
You flip me off because of someone else’s mistake? Enjoy the holes in your tires
Out Acting an Actor (High School Drama)
You hate me for no reason then I QUIT!
Chad gets hobby ruined by being an asshole
Won't train your obnoxious dog? Maybe you should feel the consequences too.
The final grade
Dick steals peoples pets
I get revenge on someone for making fun of my crutch
“Friends don’t do that to each other” “ you’re right, they don’t”
My brother's boss kept stealing his lunch
But you highlighted the whole thing...
Mean mommy
When Kids at school Try to threaten to bully me or Bully me
As a kid I once peed on my dad out of rage.
9 Slices
Ruined my morning, I’ll embarrass you in front of your wife
Upset that I didn't give her "enough" birthday presents
Old "friend" finally got what was coming to her...
Maybe the smallest of victories, but a victory nonetheless
Kid stole from me and I got him back
Ding dong don't
"The Unshoveled" - Guy who refuses to shovel, gets snowed.
She deleted me, so I blocked her.
Just removed middle school bully from facebook rummage site
A Virtual War Over A Block-Based Universe
Reverse card
My ex made me cry in front of her friends, 4 months later I’m getting revenge
When I see a post on the front page from a sub that has banned me, I always downvote it.
Petty revenge on idiot in store
Short story because I cant breathe
My brother tried to torrent while i wanted to play video games
The perfect revenge
You caused me to have a bad panic attack over a dance routine. Watch me be better at itGet revenge on teacher
Wanna bully me? Well I’ll just steal your work.
Shitty college parking revenge
I Tricked A Girl Into Believing That The Moon Was Made Out Of Cheese
Change the radio station? Okay.
That will teach her to be petty because I am the master.
My Bitchy mom gets what she deserves.
Try to steal my iPhone upgrades? Fine, here you go
Insult me with your gang? Here’s a pencil
Stole from my house? Not a problem! Coffee's on me.
Older sister claimed I planted the money she stole under her mattress and gives a half assed apology and I did something petty (obviously)
Revenge i took on all my classmates (not really)
You wanted attention when I was battling a final stage cancer ??! 3 months after you got it :)
I got revenge on a jerk
You get your sex in my room? Here, have a present for it.
(online game) steal my stuff that was hard and risky to get? ill be sure to make your trip back home miserable
Partying with prawns
Don’t want to give me MY Nintendo switch back? Enjoy your play time.
Dude what the actual?
A Virtual War Over A Block-Based Universe
Why a slumlord now hates me
Guy tries to pick up my GF + takes her phone --&gt; hope you have warm clothes
Don't drive stupid, folks.
Enjoy covering the shift yourself
My worst customer working at a bar.
You want to see to see a movie? Too bad!
My best friend was a thief, so I stole her boyfriend
Lady at Costco hogs multiple chicken wing samples, cuts the line twice, and spits the remains of her chicken onto the floor.
Be a shitty person and I'll plunge a shitty plunger to your door
A simple solution to a teacher threatening to ban going to the bathrooms during her class
That time magician Dan Sperry was owed $2500 and he made sure someone payed up
Statutory Abortion
THE GREAT POKÉMON ESCAPE
Don't get petty with a pettyrevenge junkie.
Petty Revenge On A Terrible Roommate
Sister takes my Xbox so I “lost” her phone
Guy pitches a fit and doesn't get all of his demands met
Knocking neighbors
"No mom, I'm not talking smack! He is!"
snitch on me? imma eat your food.
All customers under 35 will be asked for I.D.
Give me a destiny 2 key for free dm me
Beat the bully.... without fighting
Come into my store and disrespect customers? I'll shame you in front of everybody.
The elevators are located straight across the hallway
oi bellend, where's my train?!?!
Use your headphones!
Annoying Kid Begs for Attention... We give him LOTS
snitch on me? let's see what happens with your food.
Basic revenge for infidelity.
Entitled revenge.
Elementary school revenge
My package was stolen... but it’s ok, they needed it more than me.
Enjoy the dick pics
I'm not sure if we've met before. Remind me — are you the one who name-called me for no reason?
Rude customer berates me and brags about finding a better deal so I buy said deal from under him
Give us absurd amounts of homework? Lose your stuff like we lose our time.
Stole my friend’s LEGOs, instantly regret it
Accidental but most satisfying revenge
The worst drink ever
Bullying me and my friend led to being humiliated in front of the whole school.
Loud Neighbor Revenge
The worst drink ever
Ex Brother in law skips child support to spend big money on poles and boat for fishing? How about I beat you at your own game with a cheap snoopy pole for maximum pettiness.
Ex Brother in law skips child support to spend big money on fishing? How about I beat you at your own game with a snoopy pole.
No stool for you
I can play by your rules too
Don't want vinegar don't get me grounded then
I can, and will "Smash" you in front of your GF
Ex Brother in law skips child support to spend big money on fishing? How about I beat you at your own game with a snoopy pole.
I will like to see your manager
A little too much.
Elitist bass-master wannabe ex brother in law gets served maximum petty as I, a non-fisherman, pull in 42lbs of bass in 2 hours and take the county trophy with a Snoopy pole on a cheap rowboat through a complex scheme just to piss him off.
Would You Like Some Salad?
Teacher thinks she can abuse kids ,justice got her in the end
Make fun of my friends weight? ok
Tried to be polite
You want to shower before me? I’ll make sure to take my time .
School project
Abandon my sister? Come, take a ride with me
Oldest eats chips on my bed, then I will eat on his.
Can’t get water? We will see about that.
Wanna scam me out of an apartment? Hope your wife likes Arnold Schwarzenegger!
Would you like fries with your revenge?
Mom has me get secret revenge on crazy neighbor
Not your average story
Dont hurt meh friend
Blow this crazy woman's phone up 24/7
Fart story
(online game) steal my hard to get wood? ill make your trip back home hell
Act like an ass on Reddit? I have time
Bully force feeds me algae at age 6 and i get the perfect revenge at age 13. Revenge is definitely best served cold.
You called me gay
Petty officer’s petty revenge
I hate when people have their brights on behind me. It blinds me in my rear view mirror so I have a personal policy that if anyone is that inconsiderate I drive 5 mph under the limit. At least. Every single time.
To the individual who stalks my account and downvotes every single post I make.
Neighbors from hell get a taste of sweet karma!
dont put that on my project
You take my turn? I'll take your time away
Steal from me? It will come back to haunt you.Mating Calls
a smashing revenge
Be an asshole? No smash bros for you
My teacher made me flip a card in first grade so I hid her keys
The pissing match
Be an a-hole about a restaurant? Enjoy some of your food becoming unedible.
one of my GPA's many stories
"You just coughed in my face!"
You want my birthday cake? Have it all.
Block me at thw store will ya? Prepare the wait.
Someone threatened to "crack my skull open" over pizza. What next?
Shitty coworker gets shitty punishment
My 4th grade Revenge.
(Online game) Steal my hard to get wood? Ill make all of "your" wood fly away!
New ring tone
My bff friend hates me for no reason so I taught her a lesson
Being obnoxious and loud in your hotel room and then loudly talking about where to use your fake IDs? Guess again
If You Don't Pay Us, We'll Burn You're Cigarettes.
Stole my gift cards
Please silence your phone when you go into the meeting so I don't get yelled at.
Won't let me use the bathroom? Okay then.
Tag your name + my boyfriends in a heart on a wall, and I will catfish you.
Taking my shower leaves you in a mess.
My 1st grade teacher.
EM gets owned by her own brat
Hairy Flight
My sisters think they can get away with anything? Fine, let’s see what happens when I hide our sister’s tablet.
An Oldie But A Goodie
MCR Helena revenge.
I get sweet sweet revenge on a rude woman
Cleaning Captain no more, he dons the title of Contamination Commander.
Bruno, Please Stop Fighting A Kindergartner!
I Steal the Monstrous Teachers' Precious Stash
Make my life a nightmare, steal my clothes, trash our room? Enjoy your garbage.
I kicked you out of the slideshow because you weren’t doing any work
Do you want to know why you can't stand there? I'll tell you why in detail!
Treat me with respect? I'll bend over backwards for you. Treat me like a peon? Enjoy my Petty Revenge.
Rude cashier appalled by haggling offer until I decide to clean out my change purse.
PUNT your sandwich to the ceiling and leave it for me to clean up? Enjoy your empty wallet
Homophobic? Shop elsewhere.
Discs
You get drunk and want to drive then call me short can't find your keys anymore can you
Bullied
A lefty has to use a fountain pen, you say?
On a drive with my 2yo daughter.
Try to mess up my prospects? Watch this.
Send me junk mail, I return the favor
A redditor was unhappy when I used my last 100 coins to give a comment of his silver, as he wanted gold MINIMUM. He insulted both me and my hedgehog and I shared our convo to reddit. The post was gilded like crazy and I’ve been giving him more silver from the coins that the post has given me.
I got used for my homework so I “forgot” to draw her in my end of the year comic for the class.
Let Me Sit Down!
Some teachers can't deal with kids who confront them instead of silently obeying
I went to bed and turned on my alarm just so I could turn it off in the morning and go back to sleep
ROBLOX revenge
Auditor makes a taxpayer look for documents he doesn’t really need because the taxpayer is a butthead
You wanna steal my bucket?
You’re not evicting me, I’m leaving you, with a bottles of piss
Was cut in line by an employee and did what I saw fit. NSFW language
One Of My Best Friends...
Treat me like shit? I'll just not call in when I'm sick.
only the FRESHEST of cakes
Don’t cut me off
D&amp;D the rouge kept stealing so i found a way stop him for good
Pillow pee
Karen. Good bye
sattire
I fuck up at work on purpose and keep getting promoted
This prick wanted to ruin my first real party, called me a fag, and so i made his night a hell in earth.
Don't insult your driver
Disrespect me, lose your Fortnite account.
The converse chuck taylors
Dude accuses my friends of making him spend 1000€ I make him lose 100€
Don't insult your ride.
Don't stroke your ego at my friend's expense.
Well then, I'll just post YOU on Youtube!
Petty Bartender Revenge
RAPE VICTIM GETS HER REVENGE..
got an ICY backpack
"Where's my jacket?"
RAPIST GETS RAPED DURING TESTIMONY
Boss abusing his authority in a big way. How to pay him back?
You hit me.
Stop stretching on me!
She got triggered by my bare feet and almost killed her baby
Colleagues kept leaving documents at my desk without identification, so I threw them away as trash.
Canceling Fios before lease is up?
You didn't remember the rules? I'll use them against you!
Telesales are so annoying
I'm degrading and destroying a guy to the limit because he verbally abused me
My brother and I were treated different in the most annoying ways possible, but I got a little petty revenge... (LONG STORY)
Please help me get revenge.
I found a way to get some sweet, sweet revenge at a loud bar I live next to...
Last laugh
You ruin my camp I’ll throw away your shit (this is my first post here so sorry if it’s bad)
I need ideas for payback
I told you no
Girl In Highschool Befriends Me to Get to My Friend, Lies About Being Suicidal and Cutting Herself For Attention
How did it taste?
Annoy me, have a cold shower
The last laugh
Fail to do your only job? You’re on your own buddyBrother was being a jerk, so I swapped his girlfriend and my mom's phone contact
If you are going to be mean, I'm not going to let you play frisbee
BEST MOM EVER
Want me out of a seat? I'll just move closer.
The Laxative Sandwich
Using my Netflix is NOT aloud
Keep annoying me and then challenge me to a drawing competition? I'll go all out on you, ya turd.
Hit me with a ruler? Fine, I'll just get you punished by the principal
Roommate left me with all the bills... It cost her
Revenge'd On
Challenge me to a 1 on 1? Okay, I'll just destroy you.
Waste my time and yell at me over the phone AND I find out you are a sex offender? Enjoy the wrath of the god of Your Internet.
brother doesn't share Ipad, ok
Getting petty revenge on a rude customer at work
I love down voting mean redditors
Showing my classmate who rules
You hate me. I’ll fail you.
The Coincidental Ski Accident
I hacked a girls Animal Jam account.
Two Can Play This Game
Screw that teacher
Would pay good money for this
Ex-roomie entitled to my crap? Fine, I'll hide it then
You're getting fat bro
Tripped up, son.
The chicken is aint free, but my Revenge is
Maybe if you’d helped in the first place...
The car tyre slasher.
Sorry Uber guy, I don't know how to cancel.
barrage of cold
Shampoo
Break my stuff, I’ll worsen your stuff
Make an excuse not to talk to me? Good luck hearing yourself talk.
Having a higher pitched voice can be fun
Break my stuff? I’ll break your outlet
A “friend”
McDonalds revenge....
Shittiest paint job
Pizza job part 2
When I worked at a pizza place
Insurance fraudsters try and fail
Move up please!
Guy runs a red light and almost hits me!
The Shampoo Revenge
Firm undamaged fruits only? Squished fruits it is.
No la croix
Neighbor throws a monkey wrench into my home sale
Not going to do your job? Guess I’ll make it a bit harder.
If you're a dick you get a dick in your drink
Bully get destoyed by me and the teacher is a plot
"The line doesn't matter" quick and easy
I just wanted my tattoo.
You treat me like shit, I crush your tomatoes.
Name tattoos are a bad idea, example #48374
It's not much, but to me it was amazing.
Threaten Grandmas cats? She’ll piss on your doormat
Brother in law is a dick
Winning at marriage..
Revenge against my brother
Revenge is a dish best served warm and yellow.
Turns out I own all the good stuff!
Spam him
Everyone spam him
Best way to get even with someone that broke your heart?
Going to berate and disrespect me and my co-workers? Janitors are far more resourceful and petty than you think.
8 Year "Friendship" Ended After I Called Him Gay.
TD:LR:Girl makes me sad,I do it back
Want to take my stuff and never return it well clean this up
Kicked out of group project THE DAY BEFORE ITS DUE
You want to cancel my internet service and break promises? I’ll keep my promise and share my experience as much as I can.
You bully me, I screw your sister, call it even? slightly NSFW
Wanna be passive aggressive?
Random guy parks in Drivers Ed spot, Drivers Ed teacher traps them in the spot
We out here boi (In a literal sense)
My "friend" asks me for answer to homework
Petty revenge blows up in their face.
Man breaks part of car, gets his door dinged up a bit
Landlord is a wet napkin. I'm moving out. Give me juicy revenge ideas.
You can kiss your car paint bye-bye
help me create some petty revenge
Using my nephew’s “bright idea” against him.
Stay of the property old man.
Got Laid Off, But Still Had to Work for 30 Days — Made Sure My Team’s Documentation Arrived As Expensively As Possible
Don't listen to me when I say you didn't do it right? Fine. Enjoy some extra training.
Doesn’t matter if it’s not Mary Jay.
You want to come in late? Hope you like music!
"Friend" only liked my dolls.....
Have you found the true Lord and Savior Jesus!?
Somewhat of petty revenge...
I got better test scores than my ex-best friend and she got pissed.
Be a jerk, and my willingness to help you goes right out the window.
Revenge is a dish best served during lunch
Middle school dumbass kid.
Insulting me at work? Almost like you want me to cry... I guess I will.
I work at Walmart, I'm petty, here are some stories.
Need some ideas
Want to abuse my hard work? You'll fail an assignment and potentially an entire class
Block me off. Right back at you.
Records entire meeting.....
Sending 2 girls 1 cup to ScammersA year of revenge on my annoying neighbors..
Seat Showdown
Dirty change
I ate my ex-boyfriend’s banana
Want to abuse my hard work? You'll fail an assignment and potentially an entire class
Dickhead eggs my windows to make money
Dont do any work on the assignment? Be prepared.
Clocking Out Early
Trash talking sister
Asshole driver gets some karma
An opportunity has risen
Help me get revenge on the OW
Indian roommates eating my food
Want to abuse my hard work? You fail a big assignment and potentially a class!
Yet another crappy partner story.
He tried getting me in trouble, but ended up being in trouble himself
He is likely still wearing that necklace
Bully tastes her own medicine
Want to steal from me when you’re supposed to be the one I trust the most? Then have the audacity to refuse to give it back and stating I owed you ?????
I must have misdialed, you say? Sorry sir, I'll dial it again.
Be a bully, and no doughnuts
My 60+ year old alcoholic neighbor HARDCORE keyed my car after we got into a verbal argument earlier that night. I got you bitch
Help me get revenge on a whore
Cutting in line
Be creepy and lazy at work, we'll get you fired.
A man made a video consisting of 10 minutes of useless information just to spite one commenter.
There’s a famous rock song with your name in it? What a coincidence! That’s my FAVORITE song to play when I’m not at home!
Ball pit kid
Petty revenge on a bully in front of her parents.
Petty revenge on a bully.
If you will steal my lunch every day... ok enjoy it.
you take my action figures i take your Pokemon cards
my personal customer from hell, doesn't get to purchase her alcohol for Australia Day.
So you really want my sister's nudes, huh? Okay, I'll oblige... sorta.
Don't worry, we have a spare!
Don't worry, we have an spare copy
Flood of frogs
Mark me absent? Suffer my cowbell playing.
How to trigger a perfectionist
You want us to play Sweet victory at the superbowl, then later complain about us being the one playing?
Fat ass gets whats coming
Asshole gets put in a hole (metaphorically)
Make fun of my parentless friend will you?
Move aside my mom's stuff for your stuff before the plane ride? Have fun hearing her seat squeak behind her the whole time 🖕😊
"Friend" was only my friend so she could play with my dolls
I might’ve ruined someone’s day.....HeLp
YOUVE BEEN LOOPED
You think I'm a bad pet owner? Good luck sleeping tonight
(does this belong here)not way to sad story about dogs
You Have Lost Your Privilege To Eat Breakfast
Does this belong here (not way to sad story about some dogs)
Be late? Have fun looking ridiculous!
Bring a whole basket through an express line? No beer for you!
I have nothing to put here
Want to lie and ignore me? let's change that.
Blast the radio in the shower? I hope you like my singing.
Want to take my nail polish without asking? I'll make it terrible.
Thanks for not fixing our dryer
Sales VP was Such a Jerk, We took Revenge via Taxes
Keep me awake, get my lurgies
Fool me twice, get revenge...
I hate it so much when people dig through old posts just to attack others, that I made an account for the sole purpose of forcing such trolls to see my dick
Repost from my r/entitledparents
Salt in my underwear marker on your face
Neighbor Says we make to much noise...
Cut in the food line? Guess you'll wait a while to leave.
I just threw cig butts back onto my upstairs neighbors porch. Tired their litter outside of my door.
Think you can harass me and steal my stuff? No problem ;)
Stop playing with the close door button!
Park in front of our parking spot? Hope you like snow.
Don't rely on me for your grade.
Steal my coconut water? I’ll teach you how it feels to have opposable thumbs
Made My Stepsister Break Up With Her Boyfriend Because He Liked My Art
Your going to destroy my snowman? Fine i'll destroy your car.
They brought the Sofa 2.5 hours late, wasn't home. and they wanted money for their time
I'm not the one who peed on my cellphone!
I pantsed my friend in school because he bit me in first grade
My neighbor kept banging on my window because I played on my drums at 2:00 in the afternoon
Move my desk again, I'll move you.
No bagel for YOU
You want hot water? I'll give you hot water.
Don’t want to help me on a school project? Guess you’ll be failing the subject.
Intentionally making noise on a plane? Good luck sleeping.
This zoo will name a cockroach after your ex for Valentine's Day
Think I'm lying about being a black belt? That's fine. ;)
Not answering my calls? Two can play that game.
One way or another, I'm getting paid
Petty revenge at public toilets
Entitled Parking Lot Lady
You want to steal my stationary? How about I tape up your locker?
Wanna Play Choir Girl? I'll show you a real voice.
“You can only make up 4 hours on the weekend”
This whole sub is /r/thathappened and /r/iamverybadass literotica
Treat your employees bad? They’ll become your competition!
Crushing on my girlfriend? Let me crush your heart.
Treat us bad at work? We’re your new competition!
Let’s trade: my not picked up trash for your undelivered mail!
You like peeing on the building and making my store smell like piss? I’ll teach some manners
The pettiest thing ive ever done
How can I gently fuck with my housemate?Weird French dude trys to grab me
I hope you really, really enjoy these cupcakes
throw a water ballon at me? no prob.
Over dose of reality
bully me? no prob (:
Here’s your bill sir.
Trying to steal photographers work by asking to remove watermark
Wanna mess with me? Fine. I’ll ruin your new jacket.
Polar vortex
Don’t steal my pencils
Make me take the blame for your mistake? Alright then....lets tell the truth in a creative way....
Well, good morning
Petty revenge on my cat
Get mad at me for calling you out ? Oh hi Officer !
Won’t give me cash...pay the fee
A picture worth a thousand words… So how about several
Good luck trying to use your phone plan
Forcing me to back out of a one-way street so you can avoid a traffic light? Sure.
Scam me out of 200 bucks? Have fun with that
Taking a 5 month class out of spite.
Non responsive to my emails? Enjoy working in your afternoon off!
Toilet water
Ew
Forcing me to clean when I'm in mourning? No problemos
Insult my playing abilities? Embarrass yourself with your own
The best $50 worth of chocolate I ever spent.
Be an asshole in my line? Enjoy me wasting your time and having to rebook your flight.
I need help coming up with petty revenge.
Do Not Eat My Food
Marijuana Brownies
Won't punish kid for hitting me cause you didnt see it? Perfect
Basic bitch gets what she deserves
The Bitch who called me a nigger
Keep treating me like a slave? and hide my legos??? Guess i'm going to break your computer and ipad
You don’t have to move and let me inside my work, but the store won’t open until you do
I unleashed a devastating fart on an obnoxious jerk and he never knew it was me
I fought my sister ( idk if this will be taken down but if it is i totally understand)
You want the dogs in? Fine!
THis video is really petty revenge XD
I unleashed a devastating fart on an obnoxious jerk and he never knew it was me
Thought this post belonged here xD
The Ping Pong Ball
Sucker-punch me while I’m playing a game? Here, catch.
If you going to hold up the line, I'm going to waste your time.
Don't cut and flip people off if you have ride share stickers on your car
What should I do?
I sealed and mailed out every prepaid "Business-Reply" envelope I've received since moving.
5 y.o. me petty bicycle revenge.
Want to take my work? Have fun passing your easy blow off class.
Won’t move when I say excuse me 3 times? Good luck getting your cookies!
"Poisoned" family inlaw with satan's nectar
accuse me of public pissing? good luck getting my parking spot bitch.
Need revenge ideas
Collecting 14 years worth of interest
School gym cleaner yelled at me for no good reason and i hate when someone yells at me.
the fish
Mom tricked me and my twin
Do things for you in the hot sun and get a lecture, not happening
Be salty to my team? Have a boring car ride.
rude customer's get what they deserve
Pettywap
Bitchy neighbour in need of revenge
I learned the one thing she couldn't do!
Flyers kid. RG=random girl
Let Kids Steal My Stuff? I'll Steal Yours
Be a dick on a plane? How's that book you're reading?
Friends been being an asshole need ideas
Kid bails out on doing anything on group project, tries changing groups to see which will get him a better grade, says we took his name off of the project and everything he did, mad when I prove him wrong to the teacher and he gets in trouble for it.
Give me an F for memes in a presentation? Deal with the rancid apple juice bombs...
Cv
Unhappy Wedding Photos
"Late Detention"
I logged in to my boyfriend's 10+ year old world of Warcraft account and deleted all of his characters for cheating on me.
Justice Served to the Evil Edamame Lady
Wanna cheat on me via Tumblr? You should have changed your password
Crazy lady tries to steal my dog instantly regrets it
Lady tells my boss I hit her child, gets fined for destruction of property
Defacing Documents with Times New Roman, Papyrus, and Comic Sans
Don't want to wear marching outfits? Have fun leaving the country.
Be a petty roommate, get a petty revenge.
A short story about one of my teachers
Nope, not doing it today, siblings.
Wtfortnite
Camp Cum
Steal $400 from me to buy iTunes gift cards? Go to jail.
Don't hoard cars if you can't park them without being an asshole.
Old lady wants to get me in trouble over a pancake order...ok then
Enjoy you're cold showers
Try to push me out of the parking lot? Guess you need to walk a mile extra.
Don't want to let me take my aunt to chemo with a 3 week notice? Here's my 2 week notice.
My cousin called and asked if I would loan her £300.00 to help her pay her rent.
Cut the line and get yelled and embarrased
Boss expects 200% effort, 100% of the time.
No you cannot park here for free, asshole
Want to accuse me of cheating on a game of Badminton? Enjoy buying a new racket.
Revenge is a dish best served ice cold and rock hard
So you won’t stop biting me? Ok I’ll just bite u back
You want to talk shit about me, I'll delete all your work
Used Tumblr account to Cheat on me? Goodbye account!
You want to talk shit about me, I'll delete all your workI pissed on his Swinging Bed
Should have changed the security questions.
maybe made two of my fellow classmates fail a test like thing (i forget what its called) because they were rude (please excuse my bad grammar)
Don't bitch about eating late
Call me a donkey? I’ll close your pool!
District Manager complained that I wasn’t *busy* enough.
Revenge served cold (without garnish)
Manual labour is hard!
Rude to a server? Enjoy your 'stronger' drink
Accidental Hot Fudge Sundae Revenge
You will clean my vomit since you took my drink (xpost from r/MaliciousCompliance)
Screaming revenge
Don’t know what to title it
Former Buzzfeed employee created a quiz for employees who don't know if they still have a job
The time I was robbed by an escort.
Flipping the roles on grounding.
Enjoy your cold showers
Sponger gets left with nothing
An eye for an eye. Wasted hard work for wasted hard work
Candy Thief Revenge
Destroy my snowmen? 4 year old me thinks the fuck not!
My friend stole my models on ROBLOX
$25.00 retail value
Quitting on the worst day possible
An argument with my brother
call me a frog? I'll take your parking spot
The Devil Dog story
I turn off the internet while my brother is playing online.
Revenge on a thot.
No parking for you.
Take my food? Now you have aids
Gonna steal my account? Don’t think so
Managed to get a thief to pay and ship my phone back to me.
Secure yourself before worrying about others
YOU SHOULD BE WASHING YOUR CLOTHES IN THE SINK
Neighbor plays the “it’s on my property” game. I can play that game too.
Petty Peanut Butter Revenge
Kid steals my cousins friends soccer ball, my friends tip over his kayak.
Bully me everyday on the way to school? Explain the smell
Upstairs neighbor needs to know people live below her
Accuse me of public urination? Good luck getting my parking spot, lady.
Don’t want to do your work? Okay.
They time my start up went to war with a Huge Monopoly company
Did you just call me Mam, Sir?
Corgi takes fried chicken off roommate's plate, roommate eats it anyway.
"Late detention"
Poured Water on Noisy, Drunk Rude Neighbors from Second Floor
I Got a Kid Expelled and Another Suspended
Prevented the guy in front of me on a long coach ride putting his chair back without asking
Stay the hell off my treehouse
"Hire" me to petsit but don't leave pet supplies? Okay!
Student at school steals ring, gets in trouble because of it
Maybe not so much “petty”...
Upstairs neighbor wears high heels and clomps around all fucking day
Thrash talk and harass me online all the time? Get rekt IRL
Telling me to hurry up after I stay up all night to finish a game?
This happened about a year ago but it was my best revenge story
You wanna spit on me? Ok
Revenge on a HOA that will be years in the making
Guy tries to woooosh me
Try to screw me I'll screw you
Extra ass customer ruined food
McDonald's Drive-Thru revenge
Worksite shenanigans
Roommate stealing my food
A long, fuck you to everyone who has wronged me.
Don’t steal from me again.
I'll make sure your chicken comes out fresh this time.
You want me to do all the work? Too bad I'm editing the audio...
Customers get discounted jerseys after someone trash talks our prices
Try to force me off a workout machine when I'm not finished? Have fun waiting even longer.
Let me do all the work, i wont show up to present.
No parking spot for you for almost running me over.
Doing a runner? You can pay another way
LOOKING FOR ADVICE. My ex husband’s mum keeps parking on my driveway.
When you shout in a forest, the forest answers
Take THAT, crappy coworker!
Don't say thank you? Ok.
MWAHAHA
Don't destroy my sandcastle
Retin-A handjob...remember me fondly
Neighbor got pissy and it wasn't even my car...
Dave &amp; Buster's worst kind of kid.
I may be a dumbass, but you’re an even bigger dumbass.
Loud Music? Loud car ;)
3rd grade bully tries to trip me
Ninja gets ninja'd
Damn Drawers and Doors
A simple "I hate you" note made the class bully disappear
Short and sweet (and smelly)
Revengeful thrid wheel.
Being a disrespectful asshole to the receptionist? Have fun changing your work e-mail!
When your petty revenge is actually the right thing to do.
Won't move your car? I hope you like rotting meat in your vents.
This page doesn't allow cross-posting so i thought i would improvise
The pettiest revenge that was a result of my overreacting to being called fat
Good Riddance, Racist Asshole
Asshole neighbor kept parking in front of my house so I got him back but probably went too far.
Talk shit behind my back... Oh thats ok
Revenge only the way a geologist can do itWant to Dig out the bridge underneath my tank? I'll dig out the bridge underneath your feet.
Cut us off in a parking lot and flip us off afterwards? Enjoy being blocked from leaving.
Laxitiv in food
Made you jerk it to a dude
“You better start paying your child support!”
The customer is always right...
It's the little things that add up to a lot
BITCH, YOU STINK
3 cents makes a difference.
I punched my bully for ruining my drawing
Suggest a revenge for this asshole
Professional Revenge
IDK if this is what this sub is about. But this lady sued Wal Mart over a $0.02 discrepancy on her receipt.
Karma and I tag teaming robotics team
Be an asshole and leave the company but keep business phone registered for personal services? I’ll be one too
There goes your phone!
Kept getting spammed by the ROTC
Electric party
How I Made a Mean Camp Counselor Quit
Want to scratch my guitar? Better not break a string.
Why Aren't you answering the phone?
A nickel tip in a snowstorm? I'll remember this.
Petty theft
Yes ma'am, I will go in the back to look for nonexistent stock and waste your time
"Temp workers do not lock"
The dungon master always wins
all of my friends data gone over a petty drama.
Too Good to Be True?
You cut us off at a parking lot and give us the finger? Then have fun being blocked from leaving.
$13 is your change. Literally.
Jerked off in Roommates shampoo for stealing my money
Not worth stealing on Easter
Dirty dishes and stolen food: a laxative story
How to deal with Timeshare Telephone Solicitation
Kept getting spammed by the ROTC
Postman Edition
One-upping southern mommas.
Be a dick to me? I be a dick back.
The Sloppy Milk
Dumped 10 liters of piss on LOUD NEIGHBORS fence
Please don't spray water on my father.
If you talk loud on a flight with me.
Petty revenge(s) against line-cutting idiots
A cashier's revenge
Tried to cheat off my work? Prepare to be humiliated in front of the entire class.
Try and get me fired? Good luck with that
Revenge of the Geek
Mechanic at my job got everyone in trouble for not doing our job because he wasn't doing his job, therefore causing self inflicted petty revenge
I got Dirt on the mattress? Now you pay for it.
Steal from me? Watch your stuff burn
Box tops for education
Getting back at my ex and his gf
Insult me in a different language? You have a nice surprise waiting for you
Asshat the Property Manager
Revenge of the Exasperated Camp Counselor
My housemate and her boyfriend sleep all day and play music all night and it's really fucking with my sleep
You killed me and took alot of my rep? I take the double you took (roblox game)
Thinking blocking train door open then it tries to leave, is a good idea?
She went in the back door to not help me. Ok, let's meet on the stairs
Kid tries to ruin my job so i ruin his weekend.l
I put a song on a speaker and made a girl cry
Kid trues to ruin my job so i ruin his weekend
Let a sleeping metal vocalist sleep... Or else!
Tried to cheat off my work? Prepare to be humiliated in front of the entire class.
HVAC VS IT, Which can be more petty?
Don’t want to give up the seat?
Revenge is best served cold, or literally frozen in this case.
Take away my stuff? I take away the internet.
Want to keep me out of the loop? Fine I'll make your job as awkward as possible.
A friends friend keeps stealing from me
My parents had a petty fight
Tale of Prick Bus Driver
Mini revenge: don't park in the handicapped spot
My class decides to ruin my school's World Culture Day by refusing to dress up for charity. I wear a costume anyway, suffered from embarrassment but ended up reaping the benefits.
Shortcuts
Hit me with your handbag? Shit will hit the floor.
Satisfaction behind an ATM
Think I’m to poor and not good enough to shop in your clothing store? Miss out on a $2k sale.
It's "your" turn? Nope.
The Tale of The Cosmic Brownies
Treat service industry workers like shit? Then don't get any service.
Would rather fail then ask a woman for help.
Doubt gender wage gap statistic from dol.gov and challenged me to prove that it is a real and called me wrong saying I'll never find it, then I blasted this stranger for being lazy
Want me to clean better? Sure thing
So you play guitar all night but can’t listen to ring of fire after 9?
My wonky vacuum is more annoying than your subwoofers.
classmate steals my artwork, and class thinks it’s hers. they thought wrong
Guy yells at someone for dropping weight in the gym because he "isnt lifting enough to have the privilege to drop it", another gym goer goes and lifts very heavy and drops weight right next to the asshole.
Petty Revenge on Nicki Minaj!!
Kinda blackmail
Make me spend 15 minutes on making a birthday card in Photoshop? I hope you're ready for months of war
Cooped up
Maybe Blackmail? I don’t know
Don’t talk shit about someone who is usually annoying.
YOU HAVE EVIL EYES!
Deer lease neighbor doesn't understand basic laws, now he's out thousands of dollars.
Uhaul worker actually had to work today
Thanks for bouncing a check
Dojo wanted to scam an extra $150 out of me? I’ll financially disappear then.
I told you to take me off your chain emails, you old creepCut all my hours? Enjoy your shift!
Cross post to r/badroommates
The Reason My Family Doesn’t Eat Meat on Christmas
W.T.F is that smell!
Roommate kicks us out ... we will annoy him until we leave
A french streamer tradition
Bullying my 10 year old cousin online? Prepare to get told off and embarrassed in front of all your friends.
Paying in 5c coins?
Revenge on lazy group project members.
Nothing like staring deeply into the eyes of a man you've just defeated
Short and sweet
Dick of a friend
"i destroy everything"
Playground bully messed with me while I tried to swing; literally straightened things out myself.
Art Teacher was an ass to everyone so I made a personalized T-shirt and handed it in
Revenge against my monster of a step-mother.
Manager gets his favorite smell
Road rage - all about the small victories
Friend gets IRC banned for ban-dodging, logs in over and over until mods password protect room
Update to Accuse me of theft, enjoy waiting on your packages
Putting phone scammers on hold
Got a toxic a-hole banned for a whole week off CSGO
i wonder if they're proud
Call me an ass and get burned
Asshole parker
Don't park in the middle and I won't
A Microbiologist's Microscopic Petty Revenge
I posted this on pro revenge but it wasn't evil enough. I think this is the correct sub for IRS scammers
Stands up a chubby girl, but can't hack it when it's done to him
Petty revenge on impatient drivers
Wanna be an asshole? Instant Karma!
Openly brags about standing up a chubby girl and expects no consequences.
Dirty dishes
Destroy my beautiful zen garden? Have fun sleeping in sand
Update to Accuse me of theft, enjoy waiting on your packages: The revenge... it gets pettier.
Post stories with single letter names? Have a downvote
Don't be an ass to the people making your food.
Don't touch the Creamer
Telemarketer and Phone Scammer Revenge.
Ignore my reasoning? Hope you like your end-of-year gift!
A guy jumped the drive thru line at McDonald's cutting in front of 8 vehicles that had been waiting patiently. Luckily I able to give him a taste of his own medicine.
Don't want to repair the car I just bought 2 days ago? I'll fix that.
Pilots no longer get coffee cause it's "unfair" to younger Cadets? Ok, we'll just steal the coffee maker
There's assigned seating for a reason
Guys spilled soda on my seat. Took my revenge
Shopwork mild revenge on rude sometime violent customers
Not my story but my Mom's story of petty revenge
Be a bad neighbor? Then don't forget to do your civic duty.
Complain about my dog incessantly? Enjoy getting new shoes
Recording everything a bully did to me over the course of a year.
The sweetest of customer revenge stories.
Stinky lawyer
Got team killed in Rainbow Six Siege for no reason, decided to dedicate the rest of the game to getting the person banned.
When your music's teacher hates heavy metal
Spill soda on my seat? Enjoy your show
Group of girls hit on all my buddies for drinks, we buy them shots of water twice and they think they're drinking tequila.
Spill soda on me? Enjoy your show
If u scam me, I'll scam u back, and give my aunt a huge birthday gift...
Spill cola on my seat? Enjoy your show
Drama Llama is a Sticker Thief
Pushing onto the train
Publicly embarrassed a brat that paid $13+ in only lose small coins
An airline seat story that just doesn't fit into r/choosingbeggars
I hate our server and we aren’t tipping.
Girl doesn't want to do any work in a group. She gets her just dessert.
Guy blocking the bike way
How to Properly Deal with Bad Group Members
If you will steal my lunch... you can eat it.
I salute you, jerk
Waste my time? I'll waste yours
Revenge level: legendary
Salute of Sarcasm
Harass me for 18 months? No big. Say one negative thing about my love? I'll have your job. LOOONG post.
Get off my Netflix.
Karma's A bitch, huh?
My roommate doesn't like me and doesn't want me talking to him. So his rice has done in the cooker for about an hour....
Another parking one. 8 years in the making. Petty AF.
Put me on blast for doing my job? Ok, hope you don't require my services in the future....
Forced a lady to back up 5 car lengths in the parking lot
Thanks for bouncing a check
Don't do a VERY simple task? Enjoy the wrath of grandma.
My maths teacher got annoyed
Steal my Oreos,enjoy a mouthful of mint
If u scam me i'll scam u back, and give my aunt a huge birthday gift...
Be rude to me? Have fun with your video game!
I Hope Owning That Microwave For Five Minutes Was Worth It
2 cars, 2 men
[UBER] Don't want to refund me $7.50? Okay, fine. I'll cancel all of your stuff.
The Desperate D&amp;D Virgin
Watch yourself
Story about an how I force a rude lady to walk 10 metres more than usual
Ignore me? Guess that’ll cost ya
Neighbour thinks her baby's noise is OK but my dog's noise isn't. My petty revenge with poo
Petty petty petty
Dont *piss* me off
Won't let me borrow the speakers? Let the pettiness begin.
My dad and paint...
ROBOT THROWDOWN
Roommate keeps me up all night; enjoy 2000's internet speed!
Pick up linesA bosses son in law.
Wife is divorcing me so I gave her more laundry to do
The customer is not alway right.
Overconfident guy at ice rink gets poetic justice
Super petty
I pushed a kid into a wall (X-post)
Behave like jerk and lose your chance to get the iPhone you want
Steal my Drink? Enjoy The Diarrhea
Pay me in pennies? Let’s count them
Are you sure that’s the right movie?
You want to steal my lunch? ... eat it!
Trashy chauffeur
Short but sweet
My revenge from first grade
Now you can pay thousands, for what had cost you nothing...
Steal my food will you
So I found that someone used my email to open a Facebook page in the Philippines
Employee quits my already understaffed restaurant 2 hours before shift
The driver in the car next to mine
My bf cheated on me and I visited my first love to payback
A little surprise in your school diary
Hated Teacher's Christmas Present: Slightly Used Gum
Dont get me in trouble!
Not at this address
Cheaters never win
There’s your stitches
Told friend about a party (there's wasnt one)
In the POV of the person who the revenge was on
No more flushing the toilet for you...
Accuse me of theft, enjoy waiting on your packages
I’m still riding the high of my small victory here.
Enjoy your pizza you racist pig.
Don't be a shitty person in a small community.
Revenge on a bully and a fake friend
Enjoy having more trays!
Did I go too far ?
Petty revenge against my father
I owe you a bag of salt? Have fun re-shoveling.
Medusa
Gave my bestfriend what she deserves
A little surprise in your school diary
Tailgate me on the highway? I’ll get you pulled over by an undercover.
Gave my 'bestfriend' what she deserves
Dorm treasure hunt.
I'm not your enemy
The allergy...
You both ignored me for the entirety of a three week trip abroad, but were surprised you weren’t invited to my party??
Group Revenge
My Roommate Kicked Me Out
Office supplies
Be Rude to my boyfriend, bye bye to your lamp and fan privileges
Trip to NYC led to my families favorite story
Shove your Non Compete Agreement
Something smells fishy
Neighbor playing music really loud late at night
Charge me for a meal when I asked for a to-go container? Say bye to your pizza!
It’s my only choice
Screw you and your pancakes.
The backpack revenge (light nsfw)
Ex cheated so I assimilated myself into her friend group. They preferred me to her, she wasn’t invited out anymore.
Sharing lotto numbers
Dunno if this belongs here but fuck it. Last semester (college), I sat next to this girl in one of my classes. Long story short I fucking hated her so on the last day of class before we left I threw a few boogers in her hair and fuckin dipped.
Hit me with your buggy because you want to get out of the store before me? Have fun being stuck behind me.
I attack an ally and make him think he's going crazy
Want to party until 11 pm when we have to get up early? OK.
Cheat on my mother? Good luck negotiating that business deal.
Fuckboy tries to steal my phone
Make me wait around all day for a package? I'm not signing it.
You got a grill for sale?
Entitled bitchy neighbor? Have some lawn clippings!
You string along my best friend and you’ll get a thorn stuck in your ass.
Bully horse gets what's coming.
A long time ago in an apartment not far far away
Bully my girlfriend at work? Good luck getting hired at my company.
Bully horse gets whats coming to him
Bully my girlfriend at work? Good luck getting hired at my company.
Don't be a "blade"
Be an ass of an neighbor, I'll ruin your day
It Started With a Pencil
Enjoy your never ending full trash can!
Dorm Trash
Sleep with my girlfriend and send guys to beat me up? I’ll put cicadas in your car.
Girl I barely know doesn't get to play Library PS4 because she is rude.
I reverse scammed a scammer out of $200 (reposted from r/scams)
Girl I don't barely know doesn't get to check out a Gaming System
Block a heavily traveled lane with your cart? Have fun finding it.
Be rude in drive-through, pay the Dick Tax
Shower shenanigans
Damn Grandma
You get what you ask for...
Caught my bf(32) on grindr cheating on me(27) while hes interstate for work.
Munchies Revenge
Someone who had their revenge on me
Cool Ranch Doritos
Avoiding your warrant in another city? I’ll get you arrested in front of all your co-workers
Scam your way into writing for me when you’ve publicly slagged off my writing? Enjoy having your half-finished work published
Shampoo-stealing roommate learned a hard lesson
Primary school bully and petty revenge
Sorry I peed on your floor
Sales VP was Such a Jerk we took revenge via taxesGot my boss to pay for my gas
Pharmacy Problems
What's the most petty thing you guys have ever done?
Act like a prick during a 3 day camping trip? Fine, I'll throw a raccoon in your tent
The Look
this was last week
Dont fire good employees
I mispronounce names on purpose to piss off annoying customers. (tl;dr at the bottom)
Lie to the HOA that my dog is off it’s leash because your dog almost attacked mine? Enjoy your dog freaking out every time I see it outside.
Enjoy studying in break~!
I bought whole milk instead of skim.
Guy responds to my Craigslist ad by telling me to eat a D***, forgets that he responded with his business's name
My uncle, 16 took my charger
You want me to shut up? Sure.
I am not a goldfish...
The guy who used my number on his business cards
My friend’s insane family’s double revenge
I'm not a golfish...
Have fun filling those tires, boy.
Deflated!
There's a reason why mechanics have a bad reputation
I need help getting revenge on my brother
You can wait an hour for your scans
Bro road hog gets a sticky surprise.
Park across the sidewalk? Enjoy sweeping bark chips off your driveway.
Check mate.
It wasn’t me, I swear!
If you can't be here when I met you I don't need you.
Break my comb and clog the sink? Don't worry, I'll fix it
Grocery store inadvertently tries to screw me.
Force me to work 15 minutes on a birthday card? I hope you're prepared for months of war.
Force me to work 10 minutes on a birthday card? I hope you're prepared for months of war.
Rudeness won't get you phone charged
Think I wandered into a designer store just to sit in the lingerie dressing rooms? Think again!
Slingshotting
Hey Karen, you no longer have a job!
Drunk guy gets 3 hours worth of trainriding extra and a fine
You want to steal my glue? Enjoy glue in your hair.
You want to kick me out of the game I started?
I still feel guilty about this.
I told his wife.
My sister never changes the toothpaste when it runs out. I got tired of her always waiting on me so I won't either.
Shampoo-stealer? Meet turtle wax.
I've been in a silent "shit fight" with my roommate for months
Hit-and-Run my car? Pay me and go to jail
Threat was enough
Didn't tell my friend I was joking
Didn't tell my friend I was joking
Didn't tell my friend I was joking
Don't think you can claim you're suicidal for attention and get away with it.
The time I busted my friends ex for drugs
Made him (literally) pay
Rude angry lady gets the back of my seat
I took all the good chocolates.
Stranger Pissed For No Greeting.
Always lying about your dirty dishes? Ill show you..
I cost the assholes from my moving service 500$
At Arms Length Sweety? No Problem.
Want to change the rules to fit your schedule? Better hope no one notices
Petty Road Rage Game
Send me unwanted junk on Amazon? Thanks for the cash!
Teacher didn't believe i had asthma and wouldn't let me leave to get my inhaler, passed out in class and was hospitalized. Repost from Malicious Compliance
Coworker crop dusting
I'm not your Excel Monkey
I'm just super passionate about sports
Man tries to add himself as an authorized user to my AT&amp;T account
I cost someone around 2.5k $ for not doing his part on a group project
My boss is a dick, so I take the week off
Shitty neighbor got what she deserved
Incest pregnancy rumor
Petty road rage
Take the 35lb plates from our bench press without asking? I’ll borrow your 10lb plates from that obnoxious hip thrust machine during your Valentine’s Day workout.
Can’t cut my hair? I’ll shave my head
Don't go shopping ten minutes before the store closes.
I like my hair this color!
swift petty justice
Didn't tell my friend I was joking
Didn't tell my friend I was joking
Even more space seat but still need to recline your seat? I'll just do some olympic typing behind you.
You call me out Im gonna call you out back
Your son kicks his dogs? Enjoy being investigated by the animal cruelty division by the local police.
Revenge request? Sorry if not allowed.
Former seatmate takes advantage of VIP system - the day I'm in charge
Horse Owner won't Take "Neigh" for an Answer
I've been getting relentless amounts of mail from 3 of the previous residents of my house for the past 8 months. Post office and mailman refuse to work with me.
Bet you don’t wanna sleep with me now, huh?
Enjoy your time delayed dogshit bomb
Enjoy your time delayed dogshit bomb
An old story
Read this shit you nubs
I'm leaning on a stranger because he moved the arm rest.
You demand our pizza?
Dog shit in your mailbox
An old story
Oh Yea, I Tom Pettied It...
I have never experienced anything like this in my life...
Ex-gf embarrassed me for life. After many years she tries to fool me into her wedding, which I ruin and have regrets til this day.
I left a rotten bag of fish hidden amongst the shelves in the back room at my old job
Roommate won’t close the door? Fine, I’ll turn our room into a giant contraption
Roommates use my sriracha so I use theirsI'm not a petty man, but sometimes I can be convinced.
Hanging shoes from the ceiling
Neighbor gets serious comeuppance a year later
Bumper Carts
Evil doctor and her sick chaperone
Coworker calls out my partner’s work on a job, I do the same
You're getting the latest news I have.
That reminds me
I got my evil host mom a trash can for Christmas
Park like a moron don't expect me to be the bigger person.
What would be the correct subreddit for revenge ideas/requests?
Shovel out your own damn parking spot
Screw me over the entire semester? Hope you enjoyed sweating your ass off
Speech Professor vs. History Major Student
Fried chicken revenge
The table of shame
If you need to drop off a prescription, stay in that line
Leave your cart in the middle of heavy traffic? Have fun finding it.
Claire's Fired Me For My Grandfather Passing Away
Give me a parking ticket, I dare you.
My history with peanut allergies
Mom vs. Vacuum Salesman
A small revenge
Making sure the toilet paper is replaced properly
Gas thief gets a big scare.
Get me chased with an iron bar? Enjoy your lunchtime drink...
Rehearse to this.
Can't follow one simple rule when I do the laundry? Ok.
Had a roommate decide to not clean up her cigarette ashes around my cats, soooo....
Dont judge my ice cream
the academic way of getting back at a shit-talker
How to get someone evicted?
Petty revenge on my almost 70 year old sister
Stop slurping, it’s disgusting.
Fish story
Gonna tell me you're glad my mom died? Hope you're okay with everyone knowing you're trash.
Reading My Newspaper Without Asking? Good Luck With That.
Great work, now get out!
I don't care how nice you keep your waist long hair, I don't want it on my desk.
Don’t push your way into the bus!
I wasn’t bullying her, She’s in the wrong class, and grade!
Alright, I got one
Revenge via Postage Meter.
NO thank you.
Treat me, my friends and my family like junk even if we took the best care of you possible? Enjoy losing all of your luggage!
Don't tip me? I'll ruin your date.
Stop putting your crap on my desk.
Moving brings out the worst in people!
Sometimes They Just Dig Themselves Deeper
Try to scam me? Spam you!
Sorry but not sorry for the duck poop.
I'm a math loser
The pettiest revenge ever.
Keep me awake? No more Skypes with the GF then!
I recently found out my ex boyfriend was cheating on me our entire relationship. Talked to over 30-40 women and lied to me for months. Any ideas on how to get some revenge? I’m feeling petty.
(Kind of) sabotaging a test
I always leave the toilet seat down to be courteous towards women.
Why tailgating is a bad idea.
Revenge on Pedophile Boyfriend
Don't steal my tangerines
Convenience Fee
HOA garbage can rule trashed for a year and counting
High school geography teacher gets her petty revenge
Epic gamer moment???
Don't block my handicap ramp
I decimated my ex wifes current marriage yesterday.
just Don’t touch my hat.
I got tired of watching my coworker say horrible things about everyone (myself included) day in and day out on IM.
Maybe next time you'll remember to clean up after your dog.
University bookstore tries to use me
You'll do your job one way or another.
Dont steal my tangerines
Snobby Daughter And her Mother
Fast food revenge
He had the perfect response
Obese teacher with a mini fridge makes kid eat week old chicken. I make sure she loses all her food.
Stay out of reserved parking
Revenge on pedophile boyfriend
When Parents are Petty Arseholes to Each Other
Triangle jail
Plagiarism and You: A Guide To Getting Banned
Yes, you have space.
Fourth Grade - First Revenge
Not Very Neighborly
Maybe you shouldn't have cheated.....
My housemate is mean
Passive agressive neighbour wifi spat
No bedroom door...
Return Your Shopping Cart
A lesson in Internet Anonymity
Worlds smallest act of revenge?
$25.00 retail
Petty revenge failure.
Was told to post this here (neighbors left dog outside in kennel at 1am it barks non stop)
Petty revenge on bfs grandma
Fun with auto-reply
My greatest revenge
Fast food chef didnt care
Bus revenge
$25.00 retailMarried police officer called to the scene of my hit and run not perusing the case because he was denied a date by my fiancé
Very petty (and minor) revenge
Stayed a while in the bathroom to piss off a shitty roommate, and let her smell the horrible smells I created in there
Want to make me do things because you're too lazy to do them yourself? Allow me to take my sweet time!
Don't prey upon people with Infertility.
I got my cat back for keeping me up last night
Revenge of the Dental Assistant
Craigslist guy tries to short pay me when we meet to sell him a PS3. He doesn't fully get away with it
Revenge of the Dental Assistant
I went through and downvoted all of my ex's posts
Fulfilling a childhood dream (TL;DR at the bottom)
karen vs. Karen in the library.
Opposing lawyer was too greedy when I asked a small courtesy, so he got stuck doing work over the New Years holiday
Ebay seller tried to scam me, so I brought out my stapler.
I got revenge on my sister.
Putting the toilet seat down...
Shitty server demands a better tip
Fall for a girl you're trying to goad into suicide? Sorry, you lost your chance at either one.
Bark while I’m sleeping? Good luck having an afternoon nap.
What happened when Subway refused to honor a $1 discount.
Managed to Expose my Sister-in-law
Managed to expose my Sister in Law
I did try to warn you....
Mass eBay seller asked for feedback without giving me any
I pissed my roomate off.
Siblings are assholes. I'm a bigger one
You want to cut me off and take my spot? Ok you can wait then
That’s what happens when you don’t pay your bills.
All of the SHIT he has coming to him
Glad to see you’re still working in that shitty ass job. I’m loving it!
My 7yr’s old petty revenge on my husband
Had loud, pothead neighbors evicted
Prof gives exam answers to those who show up
"Kick Me!" sign
Shower Music Revenge
I am hiding my DH’s shoes.
This girl in the theatre had her feet up on the back of my friend's chair.
I'm sorry, was I unclear? Also, F corporate.
Anti Semites find out they supported a Jewish organization
Managed to expose my SIL in a petty way
Daily chair slamming
How to mend a friend's family tension while simultaneously kicking him out of your apartment
The way my Friend Take Revenge from her Cheater Husband
Don’t go stealing my stuff
Asian kid’s sweet green revenge against his dad
Step mother and mother of the bride.
Never write anything down you don’t want used against you
Extremely basic (and not recommended) petty revenge
Karma’s got my back
Karma is on my side
Enjoy your sleep
Not on my Netflix ya cheapskate
How to deal with a racist.
How do i get revenge on almost cheating bf
Try to ruin my day? Fine, I ruin yours.
Petty Revenge: Pony Style
Sure, I’ll wash everything.
Don’t believe me when I say I’m sick? Let’s see how you like it then.
Friend gets greedy in a kids game
Grandpa’s petty revenge to a priest
Never tell Nirvana what to do.
Put your seat back on a 7 hour budget flight? Have fun with that sore back of yours.
Somebody ripped me off for $16 on Facebook marketplace
The pettiest thing I ever did during a breakup was go to his kitchen and take back every spice I bought. Find another bitch to spice up your life cuz it ain't gonna be me.
Threw change in parking lot
Boss was a douche, so I changed the computer to spanish
2 new coworker rivalry.
Don't mess with my food.
My stepdad got his colleague fired.
Don't be rude if you're asking for help
Took revenge on my grade school bully...
I had an undergrad lab instructor that was never earlier than 45 mins late and never showed us how to do anything, but would just tell us why what we were doing was wrong. He was just awful and blasé about all our struggles. I wrote this review of him and he wasn't an instructor the next semester.
break into my house... you will pay
Ignore me as your own petty revenge? Alright, I'll ignore your guests
Break into my house... you will pay (going to keep posting this until mods tell me why it keeps getting removed)
Break into my house while I'm out of town... you will pay
Hope you have fun looking for toilet paper!
My mom's "friend" was a jerk so I made her walk home without shoes.
Dont take my apple juice or you have to enjoy something else
Break into my house while i'm out of town... You will pay
You just stalked the wrong person
Want to watch another episode of Netflix? Enjoy having to manually press play like an animal.
I hit a bully in the head (posting again cuz the previous one didnt post or whatever)
I hit a bully in the head (almost in the head)
That will teach you to share my Netflix password
No Banana Bread for You
Want me to be a free babysitter, eh?
He called me stupid on facebook , i made him buy me lunch for over a year
The car park show down....
Parking like a douchebag when it's not even your yard
The tale of the Pretty Little Liar(s)
Raise the pop machine cost? Say hello to higher utility costs.
Consistently loud neighbors fireworks get watered down, cop also tells them to be quiet.
The time I found tweets my roommate made about me after she got the cops called on me
Thank you, officer!
This is dumb petty, like really dumb.
My poo revenge in high school
Probably shouldn't order dominos pizza in NYC
Endanger puppies? Enjoy being woken up at EVERY DAY.
Want to know your grade? Let me tell you over and over and over.Bitching about my land? Have fun with a CELL TOWER
Moldy Coffee Pot (kind of petty)
Won't delete my account? Fine.
Skip the Lecture? Suffer.
Take something important from me, I’ll take something important from you.
Start the New Year Out Wrong
Don’t Touch My Laundry.
Annoying kid feels the cold of petty revenge and heat of embarrassment
Loser buys the cake. Sure, but we will set the route...
Passive aggressive email? No, you’re wrong.
Charge me $1.25 to access my money? Gonna make you work now...
College - the best time of your life
College - The best time of your life
Animal shelter diva pisses off wrong person.
Fuck yourself, that's why.
Keep Me Awake, Find Your Old Makeup Yourself
Don't fuck with underage privileged​ girls
My First Revenge
Go on r/AskWomen to ask about unwanted sexual advances and then Victim Blame.. I'm gonna downvote everything you do.
I got robbed of £130 by this guy, he tried to sell me a motorbike but he ran away with my money, can everyone spam his phone?
Cheat on me and I’ll let you embarrass yourself.
Spread lies about me, enjoy losing your Twitch stream.
Pink hair, don't care
Sweet Revenge Against Deliveryman.
Neighbor’s dog consistently leaving turds on the lawn.
Steal airport baggage? Go to prison!
Don’t wanna hire me? Enjoy the negative (yelp) review.
Steal airport baggage? Go to prison!
Mom and child get there’s
Vui thôi đừng vui quá :))
Angry ex-girlfriend and business co-owner tweaks the web page
Poop breath!
I need ideas for my friend.
You can’t hold the door open for me? How about I open the door for you!
Be a hypocrite, pay the price
(Re-repost from ProRevenge) You want to scam me and my friends? I'm gonna waste more than an hour of your time.
(Re-post from r/ProRevenge) You want to scam me? I'll waste more than an hour of your time.
Call the cops on kids playing basketball, I hope you like the noise.
Moderate a subreddit that only allow views and opinions like your own? Get bent r/toledo!
e
"Sorry for the delay, idiots are on the Tube."
"Sorry for the delay, there are idiots on the Tube."
"Sorry for the delay, there are idiots on the Tube."
Mess with the bus driver, you get the Transit Police.
Josh
Wafting the decomp smell
Everything sounds the same
Mod a subreddit that only allow views and opinions like your own? Go fuck yourself r/toledo!
You should be more careful with things you steal.
refuse to quiet down? let your kids learn rap music early
Will someone help me prank call?
Don't snitch on the hand that feeds you.
Ruin most of my childhood by bullying me with my dad? I'll just rub your toothbrush all over my butthole.
Pretty Revenge Request
Neighbor makes the mistake of believing he can invade our privacy whenever he wants... gets rude awakening
Tinder date was an extreme feminist and wanted to split everything in the middle
Carrier Bag refund after you've just kicked up a fuss about buying them? Hoo noo you don't!
Putting a annoying hippie wannabe in her place
I'm not allowed to use the car? Fine.
Unpopular New Years Resolution
Kid teased me about my mourning process, so I broke his heart
want to wake me up? Ok then, its on
No mike and ikes for me? How about hot tamales for you?
Returned some junk mail today...
Wanna be an arrogant witch? Forget being comfortable, then.
One of us is going to hell
Stop putting knives in the sink!
Fuck me over? Drink my piss for 3 months.
Steal the parking spot I was waiting for? Thats fine, honey.
Wow for petty revenge go to my profile and go to comments. Please up vote all comments that are negative.
Treat your guests kids as servants? Enjoy serving your guests bone curry!
if you're going to be an a**hole, don't leave your car unlocked
New year, new me, without you.
Oh, NOW you like me?
Someone bagged each dog poo and left them all in the grass
Boss wouldn’t believe I was ill. So I sent her a nasty pic of my nasty diarrhoea poop.
Guy in ferry line just after dark leaves lights on behind us.
Borrow my Shrek CD and not give it back? Not on my watch.
If someone rides your ass while driving
Pissed off a Posho for the fun of it
College buddy constantly abused my concentrated breath freshener - until I broke him of the habit.
Insolent 11 year old brat
Oh, I'll make sure you get your newspapers...
Be nasty,lie,steal, and try to ruin a Christmas specially organized for your kids? We'll just leave with the presents while you're asleep!
Meta: For All Those Who Don't Know What Revenge Is
Some ideas for your next revenge
Roommate takes the guy I’m dating so I...
He Sure Showed Her.
Baseball gone wrong
The toothbrush story
Extra Crunchy Tacos
Need advice to inflict the most petty revenge possible.
Trying to lie to customer service
TIL that Trump’s golf course in Aberdeen has had to hire extra security because locals keep shitting in the holes.
This Book Is Full of Great Ideas for Petty Revenge
You want to cut in line? Alright see you on the other side!
NSFW: Are you really sure you want to know this?
Petty Revenge Request: coworker assaulted me
Satisfying outcome for cheaters
Short and sweet Starbucks petty revengeYou really shouldn't tease the dog
i threw an acorn at my enemy
No juice for you
Created a guidebook when somebody whistled around me.
Paid EXACT CHANGE for her pizza.
Wanna be cruel to my dog for no reason? Enjoy never being able to safely have a bowel movement in your own home.
It was the wind.
Let's Play Turkey Tag!
Once a year
Refuse to move? Hope you like being trapped!
What is the pettiest thing you ever did to an ex after a break up?
Not my story, but one of the best revenge tales I have ever heard. "The Helpless Wife"
Act trashy, get trashed.
Racist coworker finally gets fired (politically sensitive)
Two spot parker
College Roommate would do nothing to help out...so I made sure his mess ended up in his room.
Picking a fight with a driver that just saved you from yourself. Bestest idea ever.
Những giấc mơ của cún
Charge me for a carpark dink will you.....
Former friend gets a fake interview and made to wait 3 hours!
It took time but it came back around
Lesbian revenge
Trivial MS shills
I’m not good enough to date you? Enjoy paying my full rate on your laptop repair.
I wouldn’t be on your f$?king lot!
Revenge on a Package Thief
Don't stop slapping me? Enjoy paying £30 for a new driving license
My lying ex who got me fired from my job several months agoI have another job now and it’s a better job than what i had before (if only he knew) He did this in retaliation of me exposing his lies. I need someone to post an ad on CL with his info or even file a complaint about him at his employer.
You want to be a bully? I'll take extra care of your yearbook photos.
Fancy Christmas dinner for some but not all
Stop my laundry? I stop yours.
My girlfriend took karma into her own hands.
Guess I'll parent for you
Fire me at Christmas without a word to my face... that's cool I'll just quit without a word to you
Corn thieves get gross cow corn
You want to be a bully? I'll take care extra care of your yearbook photos!
So you want to bully me? Well I'll take care of your yearbook photos!
Grandma gets a Tax Break
The Story of a Controlling Owner
A short story on a crappy coworker
Ex girlfriend revenge
This /r/legaladvice OP plans some tasty revenge for his trespassing neighbours
A family feud - Christmas
Short and sweet petty revenge
You want me to count $300 of coins, sure I’ll do that
Neighbor cares about her lawn appearance more than my napping daughter.
You want me to count $300 of coins, sure I'll do that
The pettiest revenge in real estate
Enjoy your phallic football.
I have the biggest asshole neighbors. I want to be extremely annoying.
What can a 16 year old do if he called his mom a c*nt and his dad hit him with a belt on his butt and thighs?
Tell me I'm a coward and garbage? Alrighty then.
Be so rude to your 12 yo student, here is your answer.
Spoil a show for me? I'll just spoil one for you too.
You want to leave used menstrual products and not flush your monster shits after you take them? Go for it.
Be a dick to me? I'll fuck with your shampoo.
29 (M) stranger berated my relationship he didn't even know. So, me and my best friend (19F) pretended we were dating so he would leave me alone. #petty #friendshipgoals
My roommate steals my stuff. So I made her go bald.
The biggest Christmas gift
The biggest Christmas gift
Call your brother names &amp; be rude? Enjoy the slow internet, sister.
This guy u/Rhubes randomly picked one of my post from 2 months ago and decided to tell the world I’m some kind of criminal, I finally replied back and then he took all the subreddit that he is a MOD on and banned me on 4 subs(some I don’t even follow). How is that fair?
Do you know who am I? Justice!
Fuck Christmas
Creepy, lazy, coworker makes a pass and incurs her wrath
I don't know where else to turn. My neighbor jumped me today on Xmas Eve.
A little bit of holiday revenge?
Revenge via text spam?
Thought I could read your mind? I hope you don't need your cash for something else
Typical dumbass taunts the chimps at the zoo? Enjoy a turd snowball right in the breadbasket.
Ass manager
Revenge on the mean and entitled lady who thought that a 20 year old stock boy at Safeway was personality responsible for the global fruit supply and distribution network,
“Urine” trouble
Ice cream war
My(21 F) brother (22 M) blamed me for the shower drain getting clogged when it wasn’t my fault and I made sure my hair didn’t go down the drain again.
Lazy manager thinks she can
I nearly beat my bully to death in 8th grade. I’m not sorry at all.
Petty Revenge in Progress
Park in a "marked police only" parking space at Walmart? Prepare to sit and wait.
Take the house and the kids in the divorce? Okay I'll just move next door.
Youngest Sibling Fights Back
Eggs a la mailbox
Want to party late into the night? Have fun waking up in the morning and shoveling.
I made this guy look like a chump.
I've got a unique and messed up story
Hope you enjoy dog shit in your room.
Airport asshole
I've got a unique and messed up story
Revenge on the office gossip
Would you like to speak to the owner?
My cat gets revenge on my dad
Pretending to not speak English after we ask you to move your car off our property? Fine, we’ll do it ourselves.
Want to blame your porn search on my older brother? I hope you like it on your computer
Theres a line for a reason!
Fine! I will keep your Cadi!
Be rude to airport staff? enjoy the results!
Advice needed
Life lesson: be nice to those who handles you money!
The Cute One
That time I made a bitch wait 4 months for a .34 cent refund. Was suggested share this from r/maliciouscompliance.That one annoying cousin
Destroying a cheater. Should I do it?
What’s the difference between a porcupine and a BMW?
Give me shit runs? Win shit prizes
Woah buddy slow down! I’ll just get in front of you to keep you from crashing.
My girlfriend was cheating on me with some dude and as revenge I sent her a video of me sucking off the same dude she got with. Yup. She never knew I was bi sexual and so was the guy :) she got mad and broke up with me.
Rude to me? Fine you can wait for your new PC
How do you like that doughnut now?
Don’t wait for a pedestrian who’s already in the road to cross safely? Enjoy cleaning your car, asshole!
Traffic revenge
Do you believe in ghosts and ouija boards?
Lazy classmate is forced to do group project for an exam alone
How do I sabotage this party ? (they deserve it, trust me)
You're a professional football player, yet you stole from me, and blocked me off social media when I ask for my money back?
I work at electronic-related store. I bough a notebook with a Windows 10 pre-installed. Now i never sell or recommend Microsoft-related stuff to customers.
Christmas decoration bait and switch.
A manager in my workplace took an ego trip and got me fired. Enjoy office life.
Don't want to pay your share for a TV license? That's fine.
Don’t want my money? How about no one’s money?
How Should I Handle My Slumlord Whose Been Paid $43,000 In A Year From Us While Putting Us In High Cancer Risk Apartment
So you want to deny me a pizza
How Would You Handle A Landlord Who Refuses To Clean Up Mold That Is Poisoning Us &amp; Has Been A Nightmare Since Moving In Together WIth My Partner
Rob from me and then block me off social media? Say goodbye to your professional football career.
Shipping my ex his stuff
Cancel my class? Enjoy 67 letters.
Roomie Revenge
I owe rent money? Ok.
A Little Victory For Me Today!
Try and steal from us? Have fun growing these.
Trucker gets his due.
Please help me spam this number
I'm sure you think you've got a lot of office space...
Think I'm Going To Be Lazy? I'll Do The Entire Project And Add Your Name In It!
Got you, cat
Petty Revenge Compilation
Petty Revenge Compilation
In Which I Waste a Doctor's Time for Being Rude
Think I'm gonna rob you? I'm gonna tell on you
Think I'm gonna rob you? I'm gonna tell on you
The road bully - sort of
Petty roommate revenge
You stole the wrong package, DirtBob
This Is The Best Petty Revenge I've Ever Seen.
Looking to get my uni friends house spammed with all sorts of leaflets/junk mail etc in the up, anyone know how I can go about this
Revenge against a bad landlord years later
The battle for a dryer
Friend turned bully and I put him in his place by committing the best kind of social sabotage.
Try to throw us under the bus for your mistake? We’ll see you in court
Girl punched my friend in the face, I ruined her lab experiments for an entire semester
Petty because it's not even my revenge! Post my friend's personal information on a pathetic Go Fund Me? You messed with the wrong friend.
Oh dear, no blue roll again?
Have you ever had a revenge story in which your item was stolen and you stole it back from the thief?
How hard is it to pick up after your pet?
Welcome to the Working World Son
Ok, let me tell you my story.
Petty, but well deserved
My girlfriend says liking anime is retarded.
Girlfriend's ex-lover steals gf from me; I plant seeds of doubt &amp; infidelity in their relationship
Not give your best employee a day off? Prepare the gay porn!
Sleazy mechanic wants to lie about fixing my smoking exhaust? Oh, let me park right next to the window to your front office...
A plastic Jesus, a universal remote, your son and a scrapbook
Won't change the phone number on your adverts? I'll tell everyone who calls how shitty your business is.
Get package thieves in the pettiest way possible
Assholed at some random Chinese restuarant
Entitled maniac beats on public restroom door as soon as I enter. Demands I get out. An intriguing proposition, but now I think I'll take my time instead. He calls over the manager...
Mild inconvenience
i was trapped in bad working condition
Enjoy all the junk mail your mailbox will hold and calls from solicitors as well.
Pull a sickie when we're short-staffed...if you're too sick to work you're too sick to play games.
Is English your second language?
Revenge ideas for nosy neighbor?
Do your own folding then...
And an extra greeting for you
Took out all underwear from sisters suitcase
Parties until 5AM? Not without electricity...
Bring petty high school drama to my place of work? Kiss your job goodbye.
Revenge is a dish best served... with a side of ketchup.
You think stealing packages is cool? You'll learn the bad way.
Guy Glitter Bombs Package Thieves
Landlord attempts to evict tenant with 2 weeks notice and gets a “nasty” surprise
friend deleted someone's pokemon after a fall out
Glitter Bomb for Package Theif
Mark Rober- Petty Revenge King
Grudge Ball
Let my asshole supervisor get not one, but two parking tickets for being an asshole.
Những bé Yorkshire Terrier nhỏ nhắn nhất thế giới
You steal my elevator? Please, enjoy the stench of my old biowaste
Poodle teacup
“See when you do clownery, the clown comes back to bite”
Made a shitty driver think he ran over my foot right before he speed of
My Wife Totalled My Car
0
Recycled google number with tattoo shop
Wanna insult me on Black Friday? Sure!
Neighbor constantly parking in front of our house
How I may have cost a coworker her job
Don't mess with you kid sister
Lousy coworker doesn’t want to help out on project...
So you wanna be a cunt? Enjoy not having a car!
People who get kicked out of ubers and leave the door openAnnoying neighbor!
Steal from me? I'm an agent of karma.
I need some help you evil geniuses
Roommate Karma
Snotty co-worker refused to help me when I needed it, so I "helped" her when she needed it.
Dont get stupid in a small town
Crazy lady gets tire marks on driveway
Need some pretty advice
Barista needs my name?
Mom went through my room during vacation so I destroyed her Christmas present.
Be an asshole over the internet? Enjoy a long talk with your boss/principal!
Asking: People who don't collect their washing
Wanna insult me on Black Friday? Sure! Gtfo and have a great day!
Not your cookies, Coach
Teacher baked a pie in front of her class of young kids then kept it for herself. No problem, you won't be eating it either...
Should I mention not using the sink?
Should I mention not the wash your face in that sink?
Chatline
The small things
Threaten to cut my phone line? Karma's got me covered.
My neighbor loses his mind because his trash keeps building up.
F u bitch.. I got pickles..
Kids will be kids? Enjoy your potential $250 fine.
I withheld my pet's favorite food for eating her children
Why you don't hide condoms in my room or throw them at me.
Guy blocks me after sone dates and gives me a list of reasons why I’m not good enough to date him. Messed with the wrong person.
Teacher gets even with name sharing
My Christmas Tradition
He tried. He failed.
Asshole gets what’s coming to him.
Want to stand on the left (walking) side of the escalator and refuse to move? Have it your way.
Send me abusive message, I expose your lies.
Send me an abusive message about your lies, how about I expose your nudes.
Sure, go ahead and leave your slippers where ever.
Quieted my noisy neighbor's yelling with the help of a few friends
How I got my first expensive perfume
My sister and I were too loud? Enjoy living next door to a young family with babies.
Want a shower with that bath?
Ruined my crazy roommate’s party
Pulled Air Conditioner Fuse for terrible in-laws. They can sleep on the floor...
I can’t believe you’re married: DMV version
Project gone
Tailgaters hit a bump.... A very big bump...
Cocky asshole hits on me while I'm working, gets publicly shamed by me in starbucks 15 minutes later
The best Karma slam from my youth. Best rejection reversal ever?
Yell at the plumber? Enjoy your flooding bathroom for the holidays.
My sister didn't want to share
GF revenge
Someone put loads of xmas decorations in my yard and a note on my door saying "merry xmas!". Turns out it was all stolen and now everyone thinks I'm a f***ing thief.
Wasting protesters time at University
Girls Across the Aisle are Rude to Me and Then Cheat, So I Reported Them
Wake me up at 8 am on a Sunday and be rude to my girlfriend? I'll call the town on your job site!
Try to scam me by sending me something different from what I ordered? Enjoy losing your money
Be rude and waste my time? I’ll waste double yours on your commission role!
Belittle &amp; call me ignorant about technology? Enjoy fixing your own tech $#!~ then.
Sneer at me for holding the door, enjoy wearing your coffee when I let go.
Petty Revenge (idea)
Who knew you could play basketball on the ceiling?
I wasn't allowed to go to bathroom so I made one
Use all the hot water? Have fun.
Coworkers try to force me into their theft ring and get fired as a result.
Bartender revenge
Neighbor was being annoying so I threw a bottle of piss at him
Almost hit me in the crosswalk and want my parking spot? Allow me to take my sweet time!
Break up with me over the phone and use me to get with another guy? Get popcorned.
Roommate didn't care that he cost me marks in class by repeatedly resetting the router, so I cost him money in live tournaments and his spot on the team.
I was in the shower, sorry honey
I have sent you compensation commensurate with your inconvenience.
Christmas Card Vengeance
Almost failed 9th grade because of some rat
You Won't Grant a Permit? Let Me Exercise My First Amendment Rights!
Lie about receiving my refund? Enjoy your wasted food and time!
Criticized for not having a pen, fixed the issue permanently.
Coworker insults me and my writing style; unknowingly uses my writing at an awards ceremony
Customer gets revenge with a chainsaw
Idiot customer gets revenge with a chainsaw
Woman would not raise her seat. Planted knees in her seat, giving her a bumpy ride.
Steal my egg? I’ll steal your cigarettes!
Don't be rude to the cashier if you go to that store everyday
Friend made me uncomfortable and then assumed he would be sleeping in my bed
Another annoying customer story
Working in the service industry is hell
New Nursing Grad Misery
Shitty roommate gets locked out.
Splash dirty water in my drink? I'll show ya
I recruited a gang to beat up my elementary school bully
Woman brings her daughter to the salon. While at the register, she tries to get it for free.
Try to cheat on me? Cool, I’ll just fuck your crush
Not me, but I witnessed it.
Steal my parking spot? I’ll steal your P plates!
Typical highschool pettiness that actually worked.
Snobby, judgmental saleslady missed out on a MASSIVE commission check that day $$
Skate ramp is too dangerous?
Damn kids and their access to the world's largest hub of information...
RA charges me 25$ for locking myself out of my dorm? Have fun with a “sexual violence” claim that costs you your job and 13,000$
Brats
Look at me funny? Make you work TWICE AS HARD
Chicken Pox Germ Warfare
History teacher was super creepy, so I stole his markers.
Laundry BattleDisgusting woman
People created a subreddit to treat me like crap...now their subreddit is dead.
I let an annoyingly needy girl drink out of my water after I had been throwing up all night
abusive, deadbeat, asshole uncle crashes at my home for a summer b/c of restraining order. 16 y/o little sister kicks him out
Train petty revenge
Guy is an ash-hole in the grocery store line... I rat out his attempted shoplifting
Rip me off on a light bulb? Get put on blast
a lifetime of fear
Recommended that I post this here from IDWHL: Strap in boys/girls this ones a doozy: We don't sell pizza, because you have the wrong number.
Yell at me for helping? Do double the work.
my sister the oil scab, a slippery tail of an oil trail
Enjoy your blocked card
Pick my brother as the favorite step son, ok alright then.
Call me a thief and I'll make sure you don't have a place to sleep
Harrass me at work for over 3 years? Okay.
Petty bathroom revenge
You want to almost hit me and take my parking spot? Allow me to take my sweet time.
Lady is condescending towards me in a busy retail line when I ask a question. Employee overheard it, and let me go before her.
Man flips off entire town
[Man flips off entire town](http://vt.co/news/weird/guy-spends-4000-on-a-giant-statue-to-give-his-entire-town-the-middle-finger?utm_source=vt&amp;utm_medium=junglecreations&amp;utm_campaign=post&amp;fbclid=IwAR1cg2uIDpDoXGWSc_CpK-szwadzohOhMqMmEa4Hz1NnEbMwPUa3-3wq2Bg)
A township won't let a man build a garage.He says fuck you with giant middle finger
Enjoy your half dried clothes.
Guy builds a giant statue to give his entire town the middle finger
Parking problems
ASAP requirements? Sorry it took 2 weeks to complete them.
Why you should always know if your crush has siblings
Pick a fight with me and a friend? Be prepared to get publicly called out. (tl;dr @ the bottom)
Having fun? Not if i have to spend my life in a stroller!
Annoying telemarketer cost her company a paying customer
You chose the wrong people to brag in front of.
Fly across the country to find out you are cheating? Enjoy the next 5 months
Job boss is unwilling to fix a weld and it cost him a lot more money.
I can't play your console, you can't use my internet
Deadbeat principal who tried to ruin my life got caught stealing school funds.
Very Simple Petty Revenge
Our fault that you lost your glasses? Have fun finding them (language warning)
Gonna shove and elbow us out of the way? Fine.
Sell me a broken Xbox controller will you!?
Seeking pettyrevenge advice, if allowed!!!
Petty revenge → Stress↑ → Blood Pressure↑ → Heart Attacks → r/pettyrevenge's subscriber count↓
Try to scam me? I'll clog up your phone lines.
Glittery revenge.
Threaten to lie and accuse my kids of damaging your car? I think I'll keep my camera footage of your car actually being hit. (TL;DR @ the bottom)
I prefer the back of the room.
Screw with me while I'm trying to do my job? You're on your own
Rebecca Hilton Vanderbilt
Annoying telemarketer cost her company a paying customer
Line-cutter revenge
Cutting in line? It wo
My mom went on a homophobic rant so I used her money to by reddit coins and gild an LGBT post.
How do you get revenge on noisy ass dorm mates / roommates?
Don't want to pay me but still wanna use my work? Have fun with copyright issues!
Be a douche and still need my help? Networking works both ways.
Don’t want to share your password? Enjoy being locked out of the system for 3 days!
petty revenge on my shitty roommate, inspired by another post i read here
I didn't force her to eat there
Want to cheat? Does your wife know?
Countering obnoxious partygoers with Laddergoat
"Know it all" - Gets it back.
Happy Holidays
🤦🏼‍♀️
I took back the Netflix...
Horrible neighbor revenge
Brother In Law and Christmas
Shoplift My Merchandise? I'm Stealing Your Stuff Instead.
Post Office does not like soggy packages. Nor do I.
Playing along. . .literally
Insurance wouldn't buy me the glasses I wanted
Post office does not like wet boxes. Nor do I.
Roommate fucked me off, I got revenge.
Keep my kids up with your crappy music? I’ll go ahead and shut that off!
Wet package returned to post office, which does not like it.
Postmaster does not like wet package. Me neither.
Petty revenge against my stupid GT English Teacher
Got my sister's creepy incel stalker kicked from all of his online accounts and his favorite internet hang-outs
Boss sends me to a job that requires multiple people by myself
Clippity Clop
I got hot just to get back at someone that bullied me in fifth grade.
Revenge on Road Rager
You want to use my phone number for everything you don’t want to deal with? Ok, enjoy!
Hot and humid air for my gran
dont piss off a broadband salesman
I emailed a racist Napster troll a map to his home.
Shitty little revenge on an ex friend(s)
Enjoy not having keys
Got you a job but you don't reply to my texts? Prepare to lose a couple hundred bucks.
Yeah, those are cameras on my car
Handicapped spot taking revenge
Posting again since I think my title was no good. Petty revenge on one of the "other women"
Petty revenge on a tailgater with broken headlights
Pay back on a hooker
Middle School Revenge
You won't control your dogs, I'll control them for you
Room Reservation Revenge
Stand me up and ghost me? Enjoy the same treatment when we finally meet
Merry Christmas, dick
Asshat segregated the restrooms.
Constantly keep my kids up blasting your crappy music? Let me turn it off for you then!
Petty revenge for sexual assault
That’s what you get.Jewellery Salesman thinks it's a good idea to humiliate and demean my mother in front of me. Needless to say, he's now under review (AFAIK).
Idiot fiance drinking too much
Want to petty revenge gate keep the restroom? Okay... We can play that game. How about I gate keep the wifi/LTE access to the entire building?
Desolation of the Earrings
Gatekeeping the building restrooms? Okay then...
Post Office doesn't like wet package? Me neither.
Pokemon Thief
Took 12 years but I done it!!!
A classmate tried to use her race as an excuse, so I fought fire with fire
An ignorant classmate used their race as an excuse to get a passing grade me, so I fought fire with fire (long read)
We do all the work and you complain? Fine, you can do the dishes
Cousin is being an asshole
Pissing off an annoying kid on the bus
Think your laundry is more important that everyone else's? Hope you like lint, bro.
I got fired because I chose to opt out of a “voluntary” group surprise present, my email ruins the surprise
Stop Looking at my Paper!
Threaten to take my ‘75 Trans Am? See it disappear in hours while I’m half a country away.
My dad's friend kept pushing my buttons over real petty stuff...
My dad's friend kept pushing my buttons over real petty stuff, so I bought his violent reoffender son who was stranded after getting out of prison a ticket to the city, picked him up near the depot and dropped him off two blocks from his dad's house.
My dad's friend kept pushing my buttons over real petty stuff, so I bought his violent reoffender son who was stranded after getting out of prison a ticket to the city, picked him up near the depot and dropped him off two blocks from his dad's house.
My housekeeper was stealing from me...her own Facebook page told on her
Perfect revenge for the upcoming holidays
Enjoy those bruises, mate
The Worst Roomate Ever
Don’t want to pay for web updates? You don’t get to keep the updates.
Parked over the line so I can't get in my car
LinkedIn member creates profile just to take down ridiculous post
Steal disabled parking? Time to declare your unknown love for Harry Styles to the world
Fiddle with my Alexa? Good luck using your computer
tell the wrong person that you think my friend is stupid behind our backs? have fun with your subpar grade! [unnecessarily long but infuriating]
Stop stealing my lunch!
Steal Disabled parking? Enjoy proclaiming your new love for Harry Styles to the world
Steal my boyfriend? Payback's a bitch.
Today at Walgreens, I put a nasty mombie in her place (repost from r/childree)
Jerkstore costs me $40, so I cost them $100.
Ride my bumper while driving through a construction zone 4 days in a row? Enjoy a reckless driving ticket.
Roommate Fallout
She lent me a scantron and expected interest, so I gave her as many as I could find.
Nice cup of tea?
I blew a snot rocket into a girls food at work
any neighbors have yappy dogs? i love dogs but I keep thinking about this
Handicap parking.
Stealing my drier
Smarties for headaches
If you give it, you must be able to take it.
Ex-boyfriend tried to make me jealous by bringing his new fling to a mutual event - it ended badly for him
Awfully nice lawn you have there. Petty pizza delivery driver story.
Rude girl in my Spanish class
You shouldn't steal food out of someone's desk at work
So you want to berate me in front of customers who are waiting for you to hurry up? Good luck finding those items you wanted me to put on hold (-:
No help for curmudgeonly shrews
Being a bitch = slow internet
“Do you want to play a game”
College Roommate Petty War
Maybe eat some manners when you get home, shrew
Enjoy being stranded, you sour shrew!
Jerk parks his car with two spaces in crowded parking lot...
Mess with the fridge temperature
[NSFW] My sister is having sex, she doesn't know I'm home
Having a little fun with a shitty coworker
Stealing a penny because you don't like change? Here, take five.
Cutting off my neighbor's AC.
Try to Steal My Laptop via Ebay? Lose all Your Data
Give me an egg!
College bookstore power-tripping​ clerk
A post on Facebook leads me to discover that my housekeeper has been stealing from me...
Teammate drinking my drink
Make up the rules? Enjoy getting demoted.
A Dog Needs To Eat
This happened awhile ago, but just found this subreddit so thought I would share.
I made my school bully pissed herself
Breakfast Revenge
I locked my inconsiderate roommates out of the internet and phone lines.
Oh are we telling laundry room stories now? Neat!
Hot sauce revenge
I do the whole project, you'll get roasted!
Cheat off of me? I hope you enjoy your expulsion.
Paying for $40 of pizza in small coins? Hope you like cold pizza.
Throw dog poop in my garden?
Karma and I Went Cobra Commander on my shitty coworker
You can keep it! 😂
Mom nearly crashes into us trying to cut into the line. Ends up getting trapped behind all the traffic.
Parked in my reserved spot? Have a pile of parking tickets.
Sweet, sweet revenge in a college laundry room
Call me names, get knocked down a few pegs.
Feel like dumping a project on me? I'll crush your ego and your GPA.
Can't eat my food? Neither can you
"You'll figure it out"
I was careless with your health? Allow me to repent
Revenge at the Gas Pumps, Hurricane Edition
To the Security Guard taking all my free food
Assholes at some random Chinese place
I'm a secret escort, and a former client tried to blackmail me...
Trolled at the petrol station!
Tailgate instead of overtaking and blind people in the process?
This is level 1. If you wanna keep going, we'll just skip to level 10.
The dryer thief
Very petty and small but felt good
Arrive 30 minutes after the film is scheduled to start then want to bitch avout me to a manager? Ok!
Lady is impatient with bikers and receives petty revengeI have my ex’s phone number and email.
Want to be a dick? Good luck using that debit card on your way home..
Dicks Don't Get Gas
Dicks Don't Get Gas
Select "Forget this network."
Make fun of me for being fat? The tables have turned!
You crowd my car in a company vehicle...
I tried to give my roommate pink eye
I tried to give my roommate pink eye, the gross way...
Crazy lady almost ran me over
Stop Stealing My Bread
Try to piggyback off me? No shot
Demote my mom and we have revenge
Want to know everything she does? Sure! Why not!
She logged me out, she couldn't log in.
Enjoy those fries you stole...for now
Ex-Boss screwed me
I changed my Hulu password so my friend couldn’t finish all of the shows he was in the middle of watching after I found out he lied to me.
Teacher has my back against school bully
Get the racist out of the pool
We Want The Pool To Ourselves
Petty customer service payback
Don’t wanna leave? Be forced to listen to thrash metal.
Don't throw away my magazine because you don't like it
Dedicated to the annoying pricks at concerts.
Steal my account? Enjoy the e-mail blasts
A rude shoe store clerk gets what she deserves.
Want to fire me? Enjoy your audit.
Anne Oleszczuk
Worker sneaked white wine into work and my grandfather had a revenge.
Accidental Petty Revenge
Time for my lunch break
Kneeling pad
Your airline supposedly requires my carryon luggage to be under 7kg, and you won’t allow me to board the plane if it’s not? Don’t worry, MINE will be.
Elementary Bully
Hooked a catfish
Take advantage of my love for you? I'll scare you at 4pm every afternoon.
A He-Man Revenge
You want to get rid of me? Enjoy your audit.
Wedding Card Revenge
When I was a young child, we lived in a two apartment house. Our neighbors were upstairs and we had a stairway from the first floor to the attic on the third floor. Ma got pissed that she could hear the neighbors above having sex. She let us ride our big wheels in the attic for hours.
Changed my Netflix password. Petty petty.
Throw people under the bus and habitually stab them in the back, then start a company event using copyright material?.... that's a C&amp;D
It's the small things
Lazy partner didn't show up to class. I got petty.
So I had a mod get mad at me a while back for making up fake rules on r/fakefacts, the mod recently became the top moderator of the sub and then banned me and then gave me my own rule put in the sub about “not posting fake rules.” It was really funny
Didn't do any of the work? Have fun doing the final by yourself
Didn't do any of the work? Have fun doing the final by yourself
I confided in my coworker (GG) and she told everyone including my bosses
Cheat on me, play with my head, and lie on me? Enjoy your night.
Company goes bankrupt, and we can finally avenge ourselves.
In which I give my crazy petty roommate a taste of her own medicine
Mug-Gate 2018: Ultimate Pettiness. TLDR at bottom.
Bully me? I hope you enjoy having your photos posted on adult sites
Never bring anything to the potluck? Let them eat cake.
I got my ass grabbed at work
My very long drive home.
Sometimes all need is a little shame
Steals cheese, asked to leave
Revenge on the Roller Skates
Pure happiness. This is what bliss feels like
My roommate took the microwave back
Apartment complex neighbors are so thoughtful...
Stole a racist rich bitch’s insta handle in middle school. Her daddy threatened to sue me
Cheating ex gets what he deserves
Have fun, wish I could have seen it
Credit Card company pay back.
Helped lady at Post Office get petty revenge
2nd massive party in three months, police called, time to get petty
That's tea
The time I helped a classmate get back at her cheating ex.
Well done for bullying me for 5 years! Here’s a free Big Mac!
Sweet revenge.
The gas board took Dad to court
Delivering Pizza After Closing Petty Revenge
Dont do me like that...dont do me like that
Customer gets exactly what they asked for.
Scammed the guy who tried to blackmail me into overpaying for repairs.
Car spot fury
How do I get revenge on an old boss?
Wanna neglect your kids but brag about your purse, fine now everyone gets a purse
This is what you get when you steal my cookies
So this guy was stealing my cookies...
Try and force me out of my spot? Lose yours
Retail worker teaching another retail worker a little lesson
Don't want to do your work... I will block your youtube
"Hello! This is Paypal! We have your money"
No Parking
Destroyed a kid by calling him the female genitals
Stupid woman bests water department workers
In the Red
Thanks for the Coke, guys
Inside Your Dog's Mind
You in a hurry? Oh well..
I sent my ex a glitter bomb
I Got Her Name Inked On His Cheating Ass
Trip me into the mud, enjoy your poop straw
Toilet petty revenge
Feel kind of bad now. Oh well.
break my heart and spread rumors about me? fine, ill sleep with your friend.Have fun cleaning that off
Ex party boy roommate revenge
"Go move that saucepan."
Tuna T-shirt time!
Bully 5th grader gets destroyed with words.
Best Burger Ever.
The Poop Straw Incident
Today was beautiful
Elementary school bully turned highschool loser (reposted from r/prorevenge)
When feeding homeless goes horribly wrong, then delightfully right.
Who says managers have all the power?
Choir warm up
Flatmate doesn't clean the apartment while living with me so she has to clean it completely on her own when both of us move out.
Honk at me? Enjoy being late to class dude.
Revenge on my High School bully
Junk calling the junk callers
You wanna break up with me and still use my Netflix?
I unplugged our EBT machine and changed the password to our stores WiFi to avoid the crazy cat ladies
Nasty to our staff? Enjoy sitting on your hands.
I stole class sets and drove my teacher to the edge
At least he stopped calling me Wednesday Addams.
Acquaintance didn't study for a quiz
"What do you mean it is rated M!?
Tit for Tat
Call me a pretentious bitch well enjoy your Christmas present of revenge
"I thought you deserved better"
"This is not your property"
Taunting me for having to be gluten free and dairy free? Here you go.
You wanna fight mum? Cool
Acting 101
Lose my health document and blame it on me? Enjoy your lunch then.
Till divider.
My wife moved out of our house... so I made it ever so slightly more frustrating for her to do so.
I'm Not Even Sorry
Have fun sitting by yourself!
A tale of middle school revenge
Quit McDonalds, Demote Manager
Have fun cleaning up that glitter!
Dont pis
Enjoy your sandpaper toilet paper
I purposely tripped a guy
Serial online dater used me
I purposely put rolls of toilet paper on backwards to piss off my boyfriend
The snuggle blanket
Waitress's Revenge
You really had it coming - Venting
No, I will not pick up those brooms
Got back at my neighbor
That's MY Halloween candy!
Calm down, you’re over-reacting!
You want to be a bitch? Fine, I can be one too.
Revenge from beyond the grave.
Transferring calls to lines with never ending hold music
Pull the plug without asking? Enjoy untangling your stuff with your long fake nails while in a hurry.
Yet another tailgater justice story
Don't throw money.
The legend of the goat.
Please, keep being obnoxious during the concert
Controlling boyfriend.
True Friendship
[self] I received some very well-earned petty revenge from by brother and father.
It's that time of year again, spreading good cheer and a tiny dose of petty revenge to *those* in-laws.
Not possible to unsubscribe? Oh, I’m not so sure..
A Thanksgiving Tale
Tis the Season to Antagonize an Anti-Vaxxer
Run me off the road? I'll run your blood pressure through the roof.
“It’s just some light, get over it”
[Request] Help me mastermind a petty revenge against a facebook page of employer who scammed me?
The neighbour's bush
The case of the missing pens
black friday revenge
Selling dad's weed
I hope your dad enjoyed that picture.
Dear Impatient Driver, I hope you liked being held back for 30 seconds.
My wife tells me Everything
Dont be an asshole driver
Want revenge?gain access to anyone account
Mean to me? No hair dye for you.
Don’t touch my music.
Don't give strangers your address
The gardener strikes back
I did everybodies washing with a broken wrist
I just downvoted a ton of this guys comments.
I pranked a roommate who kept eating my food by putting toothpaste in my Oreos.
Double park during a holiday weekend to sell a car?
My roommate keeps borrowing my mouse
Upstairs neighbors wake up with me.
Stuck working retail all day on Thanksgiving so..
Don't eat my food off of my plate. You will regret it!
Forgot about a cake on the bottom of my cart
Peons Can't Be Trusted
Basically; is there any kind of revenge fine?
Normally I want to save money but I want to cost my city as much as possible
You keep coming to my room when i'm naked?
Don't make your Uber driver wait and then show up drunk with a bottle of beer in your hand.
Thanksgiving commuters like tailgating
Create self-aggrandizing ego-inflating nonsense? Hope you enjoy more nonsense!
Multiple jobs ruined by my google review
You made my life hell...and now you need a job?
Thanksgiving petty revenge. You want to be a dick? I’ll fix ya.Revenge: Best Served Cold
Almost run me over? Sure, I'll give you directions!
Customers that put money on the counter instead of my outstretched hand.
Steal my soft frink ? Enjoy!
Since my cousin always wants to be a know-it-all and tell me what's what about anything medical related (even though she has zero degrees), I'm getting my CNA at 17.
Karma on a neighbour
You where horrible and now you need a job?
Last day school revenge
How I committed a couple little misdemeanors and proved to myself what I’m made of.
Facebook user fucks up computer rental shop for 10 PHP (20 cents USD)
Advice: petty revenge on security guard who shoved me
Friend didn't keep up his end of our deal. So I deleted his website and he got suspended for threatening me.
All is fair in love and bread!
Let me pay for rent just for printing services. I'll just messed with your internet connection.
Give me useless projects? I won't show up
Dear Listener, Fuck You
$.99 wine
Want more money? Fine.
Neighbor wants to be a jerk, doesn’t realize the level of my pettiness.
Only you can prevent forest fires...
Her sexcepades were the last straw
Parking lot vengeance
You don't want to pay for security clearances? That's okay, I'll inflate my quotes and pretend I eat the cost
Ruin my daughters birthday?
My sister has a big mouth
Sports bar won’t play game audio. Good luck with that.
My Cat’s Revenge
This life lesson brought to you by siblings &amp; pickle juice.
Stoner colleague fucked me up.
I peed in their lemonade
Won't move so I can exit the bus? Enjoy my crotch in your face.
Block me to board the bus first? Enjoy my stinky farts.
Customer who is never satisfied receives exactly what he asked for in the form of disgusting pizza.
I AM the guitar hero
Take away our bathroom privileges? Then I’ll pee in your classroom.
Heat revenge!
To expose a cheater or not?
Fart on me? Get the blame for a (literal) shit of a mess
Oh, my homework is disturbing your video games? Whoops, accidentally vacuumed for an hour.
So I ended up having my petty revenge moment at the worst time, but honestly I had no sympathy for this girl at that point
Want my girlfriend to entertain you? Fine!
Road Rage in a Company Van? Bring it.
The old neighbor who thinks he owns the world.
Won't do your job? Yeah sure I'll give your friends free food.
I think I broke up a marriage, but not because I did something wrong...
Pettier than a petty pedo
Hang up on me, how do you like it?
"Using any electronic device in darkness causes eye cancer"
Profile and harass my family members? Have fun cleaning your store
Don't be rude to my mom
Hit my parked car - enjoy cleaning your windshield for 30 minutes
A “friend” steals from me and talks shit? Game on...
Fuck you I'm taking calculus
Won't delete my number? Im going to waste 40 minutes of your time
Not before Christmas
Guy tailgates me, ends up hitting a trash can
Good luck driving home...
Petty Revenge - Thanksgiving Edition
Speed up so I cant park next to you? Not my problem.
How to steal a donut
So I'm selling my ex's (Satans) wedding dress on eBay...
Parents think they can disrespect my personal life and constantly pick fights with me
How about a milk bath?
So I'm selling my ex's (Satan) wedding dress...
I paid a chick to give a guy crabs
stop bragging about your A's when all you do is cheat.
CHEAP TRAILER: MUST GO!
You Can Have it Back, Bitch (slightly gross)
Body shamed a body shamer in middle school
Dill-Dew
Need petty revenge ideas: my ex Fiancé keeps cheating and winning. I want to take him down.
He tried to make me do a job that he had to do.
Facility representative calls me at my billing company for billing issue. I have to forward the call. She berates me.
You refused to let me use your pee to pass my pre employment drug test and now you want me to help you get in at my job? LOL
Bitchy classmate constantly cheats then bloats about how much smarter she is than everyone
WhoDuntIt861
Don't piss of the sound guy
Ghost me
The ‘naked man’ really works
Don’t slash my team
Mess with me, will ya?
Roommate revenge
We left during the main event, just to spite the group next to us.
Made my evil teacher right a essay for punishment
Take My Number? Fine, I'm Taking it Back
Stuffed nose leads to petty high school revenge
Don't wanna pay me? That's fine
Take away my extra 3 days off? I'll take an extra long coffebreak, every day!
Stuffy nose leads to petty high school revenge
Something is Fishy
Hold the door open. Or I will make you wait longer on a slow elevator.
Need revenge ideas
When a “friend” steals from me...
I don't particularly care for one of my professors, so I spell his name wrong in the header of all my assignments.
Make me write random-ass completely useless tests? Have fun bombarding your inbox with my results and "offers".
I hate my roommate so each month I secretly get my silent revenge.
Getting Engaged Before Her
Copy my exams all year? OK, but just wait until the final.
I put Tabasco sauce on my cheating ex’s asshole
I need helpEnjoy turning off every single light in the store individually.
Take my laundry out of the dryer three times while it’s wet? I hope you didn’t like your clothes!
Revenge is indeed a dish best served cold
Eat all of the food and then complain?
Good boy helps me get revenge on dirty roommate.
Roommate moves out at start of month without notice, so I got him fired.
What’s the rush?
Why Arizona recording laws are fun with abusive parents
Lived in a shared house and one roommate always occupied the living room. Sweet revenge with pee
Car Wash Asshole
Revenge of the nerd: If you say I talk too much, then I won't speak until graduation.
I was a petty child
Be nice to bouncers
Sorry I took your spot, but fuck you
Two years earlier I made a post here. As of yesterday I have declared war on my neighbors again.
Revenge of the nerd: If you blame me for your teaching failures, then I won't speak a word until graduation.
My city golf course dress code.
Throw at me twice? I'll ruin your morning.
Saving the world one bag at a time
Your boss is a friend of mine
An 8 Year Old and Her Stationary Related Revenge
Stop leaving piss in the damn toilet.
Told my "potential" replacement the dark side of the office on my last day.
Girl does zero percent of the work on a huge project and gets zero percent of the credit!
I am a nerd I suppose.
Try and get out of this one
You sat next to the wrong nerd.
Lady wanted to cut the line? Wait a bit longer.
College roommate revenge
Take your own notes or risk embarrassment
high school memories
Don't contribute to the group assingment? Sure, I'll just show the unit coordinator your text messages.
Don't throw your credit card at me.
Хочешь жить - умей вертеться!
Freeloader wants a reference
Group partner fell asleep, so I made her come to school when class was canceled
BFF’s Ex Took Revenge...How Do I Avenge Her!?
Enjoy that super accurate customer database....
Found at a hotel in Virginia
I can’t fly a plane simulator... but that worked in my favor. UwU
Being Petty to Rude Customers
Nothing For You
Act like my friend to cut the line and exploit the system? Get off at the wrong station and get ready for a 40 minute wait.
Cheat with my girlfriend? You can't rent this movie
Here, have some mice.
You will never be first chair
The Woes of Being a Delivery Driver
Ever had a terrible coworker that you wanted to get revenge on. This is a tale of such retribution.
Call me out for not doing any work?
This is what you get for destroying my art.
No Photo Huh? We'll see what your wife says
Sure thing...buddy.
Restaurant behaves terribly, then suffer the consequences of their own actions
Large Consequences if I do it
May I see your I.D.
Kung Yi Fat Choy
Can’t see my Grandma? Well then I quit
What would the internet do?
Steal my tips and I’ll steal your sleep
I Messed With Someone's Work Shoes in the Locker Room at my Work For a Year...
Want to laugh at me? Let me school you.
Glove on head
Cut me off thrice and steal my parking space? earns your black car yellow stripes
Hog the garage so that my car gets left outside and buried by first snow of the year? Enjoy the icy mist down your back, sweetie!
You really want me to make tea? Fine
Yell at me for doing extras, enjoy dealing with activation lock
I once skunked a bottle of wine given to a bullying manager on my team
Cheating whore gets her just desserts
Stopping traffic
Shitty employers get a nice surprise after I leave
Keep making up lies about me and I’ll keep fucking with your desk.
Anoying brother steels my earphones so i burn half of his pizza
Petty Level +100
Revenge on a toxic teammate
Yuppie scumbag boss tried to cheat me on my pay. He learned the hard way I wasn't some kid he could push around.
Honk at me? I'll learn you a thing or two about patience
Smelly Revenge
Fish and friends
If you don't respect other people's personal space, I won't respect yours.
I put REVENGE on my resume
don’t throw your trash at us
Feel the need to blast your crappy music 24/7 and crank it when I ask you nicely to turn it down? Enjoy my music 10x louder every time you have a gathering.
A clever use of whale noises
someone stole from me a while ago
You're gonna take my clothes out the dryer? FU
Parking Ticket Fun
Dock my pay, lose yours
Dear People of r/pettyrevenge
Wanna play music on the bus loudly? Enjoy a sharp ringing sound in your head.
The Poop Plan
Have no respect for other people's space? Enjoy my smelly armpits!
You trash my dishes, I trash yours!
"So, Tim Cook spoke out post-Cambridge Analytica and it infuriated Zuck, so he later ordered his management team to use only Android phones."
Want to be a mean sister? Enjoy your pee towel
Kill my cat? enjoy saving the environment
DON'T WANT TO FLUSH?
You treat me like shit? Enjoy your change in one cent coins!
Wanna leave me notes?
Card error
I'm a petty asshole and I regret nothing.Have Some Tea
Have a nice trip!
Ride my bumper? Have fun cleaning your drawers!
Welcome to the Hotel Forgetonia
Complain while you do nothing?
Refuse to buy toiletries? Have fun wiping you ass
Underestimate me? Lose the challenge
Gonna be an inconsiderate neighbor? Two can play at that game
Damn you Kenny
Instant Karma
Won't let me be anal about my parking? Alright
Spam me and 200 other people via text? Get spammed 'inspirational' messages via text
Want to stay out instead of helping at home? Fine...
Girl keeps parking her Prius on the sidewalk which is used by disabled people a block away causing them to use the brick road in their wheelchairs at night. I have had enough.
The timing was perfect, absolutely perfect.
Don't want an air freshener?
WANT TO BANG LOUDLY ALL NIGHT?
Don't rev your engine behind a biker.
Woman gets called fat, so buys all cupcakes at a bakery
School Bus Driver Petty Revenge
Home boy said he was never talking to me again for lying about his girl flirting with me. So I kissed his girl.
Ricer Revenge
Road justice
You stole my bike? Well...I stole your bolt cutters!
Bite the hand that feeds you and spend a month in jail
Bite the hand that feeds you and spend a night in jail
I'll show you some parental control!
Park in my reserved parking spot? Enjoy wasting your time
Getting what she deserves.
Piss on me? Enjoy your bath bro!
A Story from my mom, who works at a public library, and a crazy lady who visits there.
My old roommate needs help ruining his ex’s life
Help me soil the credits of my ex's film.
You want to push me, big guy? Sure!
Your kid painted me in puke? No problem, here's a frog, paint your kids and van with all your combined puke!
Wanna listen to dance music through the night? Here let me play a classic for you
[NSFW] Don’t drink my milk.
"What are you gonna do about it?" "Replace you."
Family dies and my job is on the line? OK then.
Double parking your truck? Learn about my half-parking skills!
Customers are rude and waste my time, so I waste double theirs on their commission based job.
Room mate who spoke loudly on the phone till 12am on the night before my exam...
You Tipped Me a Penny
Bad roommate! No music for you!
Guy tailgates me, ends up hitting a trash can
'Expired ID is not valid ID' The tale of me fucking hating gas clerks
Poaching on our land? Enjoy your shattered collarbone.
A**hole neighbors
Used a robo-call to prank my Mom, and it snowballed
Want to take pictures of my belonging? Okay!
Pickup truck ignores me and stop sign, learns the hard way.
Donated time with Our Lord and Savior
When a telemarketer gives you a call back number.
Try to sabotage your daughter's higher education? Enjoy pornographic emails in your work inbox
Be patient at the ATM
Don't want me to walk your dog? That's cool
Welp
Cheat on me? Have fun with nowhere to live!
Discontinuity.
Try to start a relationship with another girl? Watch me ruin it
You want to be a dick to me in the parking lot? I wish you the best of luck in your interview
Vector Marketing tricked me into selling coupons and got pissed when I tricked them into buying me lunch
"wash my cup" - you got it!
Kid Was Rude So I PWND her ass
Former boss positively refuses to pay me. What can I do to get back at him?
Bad roommate! No music for you!
Karma for being a jerk
Karma 👮
Next week huh
The one where a guy tried 3 times to sneak 3 people in front of me in a bar queue.
Good night sister
Bad driver big gulp revenge
Roommate's ex should have paid rent
Possibly the pettiest thing I've done. Or witnessed, for that matter.
Didn't believe me when I said I felt sick? Big mistake.
Steal my table and spill water on my laptop? Enjoy sticky pants.
Fuck me, no fuck you
Be rude? No pie for you.
Using the shoulder to pass bumper to bumper traffic? Not today, asshole(s)
Putting a liar and narcissist in his place
Make him repaint for no reason? You’ll love the result
There's always a way to get you back
I Had Reached My Limit
Call me out on being a failure? Watch me do this perfectly
Bully my friend? We'll see...
Tater Tots Just For You
Stop stealing my hard-earned Gushers.
Honk at me the second a red light turns green and you can wait
Gaslighting a Gaslighter
Try and dress code me during an Exam? Have fun being a joke the rest of the year.
Bully my friend? Prepare to get wormed.
Concerning scratchcards.
Want it all to be fair and equal do ya??
Racist dude calls me a terrorist, instantly regrets it.
Bully my friend? Get wormed.
You just have to be in front of me, do ya?
You want me to make dinner for your new girlfriend a less than a month after ending it with me??
You don't want to do your part of the project? That's fine by me.
Someone keeps stealing my food from the community fridge...
Want to lie about our sex life. Well hope you enjoy your fake herpes.Teacher denies bathroom privilege, student asserts his dominance
Slap me in the face, end up with a concussion
Sorry I only have a £20.00!
Don’t let an elementary school kid use the bathroom what could go wrong?
Inconsiderate flatmates taught a lesson
You want me to pay for a doctor's note? Fine. You can wait.
Having a party on a Monday night? Enjoy not sleeping on Saturday for your night shift!
Yell at me for following your rules?
ERASE is the word
No chewing gum in class
Getting back at a co-therapist who tried to make me look bad to my boss
Want to make arbitrary rules about how to sweep, Dad? Let me take it to the next level
when an annoyed employee gives away all your ice cream
cousin, vacation, and early mornings
Want the raw video because you don't like my edit? Have fun waiting at least 12 hours for it. (x-post /r/MaliciousCompliance)
Suspended Bully
Best petty revenge is charitable petty revenge
Got Shrimped
Block me in the grocery store? Enjoy schlepping your groceries to the car
Make me mow the lawn in 41 Celsius weather? Fine, but I’m mowing your garden too
Throwing up on the nurse who said he was fine...
You won't waive some fees on my car loan because of a clerical error? Loan paid off.
You Snooze You Lose
Oh, the meeting was supposed to be private?!
Fat alcoholic boss gets told off.
Forget your junk mail all over my hallway? No worries! I'll return it to you
Won’t let elementary school students leave because you don’t trust them?
Standing up to your boss has its perks when the CEO has your back
Obnoxiously drunk at my party and making everyone uncomfortable? Looks like I left your shoes in the rain.
Entitled driver gets revenged.
Got tricked into believing I had a kid in Bali and that her whole family was coming to my country
I hope you enjoy your weekend...without electricity
Sister stuck on toilet for taking my shirt
A year off for me, a year off for you
Take that with the middle finger salute!
Driving instructor ripped me off. What can I do with his number?
Break traffic laws? Feel my petty revenge.
Phone addict doesn’t get to charge phone
When an annoyed employee gives away all your ice cream
You must've been ahead of me.
Turned off the internet for flatmate while trying to stream a pay-per-view.
Use me for my money? Thanks for the free cable.
Hijack My Long Distance Phone Service? Good Luck With That.
Dealing with a Biatch of a co-worker
Want me to buy beer for you and your underaged crew? Make sure not to be a douchebag.
Have a drink, trashcan
"Sorry ma'am, we have to cut the same size for everyone"
There is a $.10 “charge on bags, here in Puerto Rico. I am okay with that. I am not okay with enforcement of it.
Are you obnoxious? Allow me to mildly ruin your evening!
Don't Turn Left When It's Illegal !
Continue to let your backpack bump people on the train? Enjoy a leisurely escalator ride.
I will get my money back, by hook or by crook. Or by weird yellow forms.
How can I find out which neighbor kept my fedex package for petty revenge?
Don't renew my lease so you can sell your rental? Have fun watching the property sit empty!
Revenge is a dish best served...as pie
Sorry I’ve only got a 20!
Break my schoolyard invention? Enjoy your suspension
Revenge on a Professor
Oh you want to use my spotify without telling me? Here have 35 copies of despacito
You might want to think things through before you embarrass me in a large auditorium
No tips again today? Ok kool
Tailgate me? Enjoy wearing your coffee
Maybe Britney just doesn't like you
Be inconsiderate about the other people studying around you? Enjoy trying to exit the building.
I left and put a company back a few years
That's what you get for piggybacking off my Spotify.
50+ year old woman demands her cigs and the manager
Be nasty to a train hostess? Then I'll sit by and watch your laptop battery die.
Make me miserable? I’ll return the favor.
I have BEEFs with 4 STRAIGHT (ex-friends) guys (I'm gay) and I reported their social accounts so they got suspended
Atlantic City bus revenge
Try and make it about yourself at someone else's wedding? Expect the unexpected.
SEEKING guidance on how to get r/pettyrevenge on my lotion-thieving co-worker
Sweet revenge on my friend for being a prick
Sent a dick pic I received from a guy to his fiancée
revenge for a parking bitch
First time being fired ever after 3 years of waiting tables experience because of a lazy coworker
What? You don’t like free bouillon? Have a mini-mindfuck.
Husband's brother lives with us and has been wrecking our house....
"Is that really all you've got?"
Don't poke the bear, the bear knows where to hit you the hardest
Run the STOP sign in front of Publix? OK!
Help me get back at the ex that took everything 🙄🔪
Trying to be obnoxious, new coworkers? Watch my sorcery...
Maybe Britney just doesn't like you
Well, I did fix it.
Won't let people merge onto the motorway? Enjoy slowing down an extra two seconds anyway!
If you show me ads, I'm going to make you pay for them
Annoying sales calls
"Get over it," she told me a year earlier. Well...
Don't fill out your paperwork properly? Enjoy an excess of it.
Oh, you can, can you? We'll see about that!
I catfished my ex bf with dates from grindr.
Don't Turn Left When It's Illegal !
Don't turn left on Red (if it's illegal!)
You’re impatient? I guess I’ll take my time.
Don’t honk at me
You wanna rob me? Well I'm gonna fuck your baby mom!
If you were nice to me the monkeys wouldn’t have stolen your food
I could have stopped the monkeys from raiding your foodDon't use silly fonts. Yeah, no thanks
Don’t be a dick and stupid
I am a transgender woman, my employer made me use her bathroom rather than be allowed in the women's locker room. I took a smelly shit in that bathroom every single day I worked.
Don't want to move your tools to make my life easier? Guess you're buying new tools.
Blame me for being late all the time? I will make sure I cause you to be late.
Don't touch the bell
ah, sweet third grade revenge
Classic story of petty revenge
My father's wifi password is an abbreviation for "I am a stupid asshole"
Using my unpaid work? Look at it a little closer...
I have to hand wash your gift? Cool, I could use a new ash tray any way
Sorority Girl gets well deserved parking revenge
Be a petty teacher? Deal with me ruining your class for the rest of the semester.
The 3 day parking war
Won't help organize the desks? Enjoy losing your spot.
You prefer the noise of babies crying? Cool!
Screw me over multiple times and expect me to help you? Think again.
Screw me over, then ask for a favor? Think again....
Send an spamming text message asking me to vote for someone?
Screw me over then ask for a favor? Think again...
You want to try and continuosly stab me in the back for stupid shit? I'll let your GF know you've been cheating on her.
I click the ticketmaster ads on Google search.
Want to be an impatient arse? Hope you're not in a hurry.
Constantly harassing me about the internet speed? Well let’s see how slow I can make it go.
Scammed by my Credit Card. Fine, I’ll just have to collect using that “new account” offer you advertised to me.
I called a kid a bitch in sixth grade. Got him into so much more crap than i did.
My roommates plan backfires. Revenge is sweet
Fat shaming
Not good enough for your son? Give it a decade...
Ask me to do something, and then undo it after? Fine. Have fun redoing it over and over.
Tow my Car? I'll ruin your week.
You sniff my ass? I fuck multiple pigs.
Won't get out of my even after I parked? Have fun waiting to leave
The time i got my classmates chances with a girl, ruined
You don’t want to pay the electric bill on time? Your room is now possessed by a demon.
Treat my dog like a monster? Have fun playing in a mud puddle.
I decided to tell their secrets when I quit
Developer refuses to fix his nice new boulevard. I use a BBQ fire to get my way.
My brother's ex got what she deserved
My brothers ex got what she deserved.
The Jim Carrey approach to the endless telemarketers
Cool Patrol saves yet another...
Cold call/txt me to vote for your candidate? I’ll vote for their opposition in the name of spite...
Make me late to class with your illegal driving? Okayyy
Beep at me? How about you wait an extra ten seconds.
Overcompensating manager now needs a ladder.
Want to blow your vape in my face at work? I’ll have your company evicted.
5 years ago
Dont think I chage out the water jug? Fine Ill prove it.
Hope you find your credit card!
How I got a nasty old man to stop spitting on my car
Have fun taking "Tallulah Bells" to the vet!
Stereo Battle
Post Break Up Petty Revenge
Asshole decides he can park anywhere he wants
Some guy in the same group of a summer camp asked me to trace 3 packages.
Gaslight me about seeing bedbugs in your hotel? Hope you like meeting your local health inspector.
Can’t Wait for a Table Like Everyone Else? Byeee
Don’t expect service if you don’t tip.
With a smile
Ride my bumper? Enjoy staying there.
Take that, Ref!
Ride my bumper? Enjoy staying there.
Lost Wallet in the lake and kids
Bitchy car lady
Wolf Lodge Wake Up Call on Repeat..
Visitors spaces are for visitors, not for your show car you never drive
Got fed up with a lazy ass co-worker.
Eat my food out the fridge? Enjoy ghost pepper sauce under the cheese of my leftover pizza
Got fed up with a lazy ass co-worker.
Have fun listening to the Hallelujah Chorus at 5 am
Honk at me for driving slowly? Have fun waiting a little longer.
Honk at me for driving slowly?
Man tries to haggle diver
My Boyfriend destroys an entire store with his revenge
Don't lock the door? Enjoy a buttery hand
Push me off? I'll "tie my shoes" at the entrance to a slide.
Self check out at Walmart
Block my way? I'll block yours.
I Win, Asshole
Asshole at the grocery checkout
Want to make a scene in front of my customers? Have fun wasting your time!
Bar lady shoots down a pilot
So time changed tonight.
You say you're not hitting snooze all morning and ruining my sleep?
Excuse me, I was next.
My neighbors who don't "celebrate Halloween"
Cut Me Off For The Car Wash? Enjoy Doing It All Over Again..
A TTC city bus driver hit my foot with the door and then tried to get the whole bus against me, it backfired, on him.
I guess you’ll have to unlock both
Bug Buster
Next time, let him use the phone
I’m a petty bank representative
Mind managing your budget better?
Complain about slow service? Have a crap drink!
Impatient bar patron gets petty revenge
Creepy guy who took advantage of me while intoxicated tells all my new friends we had sex, I tell them how gross he really was; he loses another D&amp;D group.
Skip your turn? Now I’ll make you even more late.
Brotherly Justice
Kick my dog? Enjoy walking the extra distanceCashier had my back
Upstaging my annoying partner in music class.
Wake up, Buttercup!
Be a decent human being, bro.
Haha made you look :-)
XMAS Gift: Guitar Store Manager Gets Instant Karma
Won't do your job? Don't expect other departments to cover for you, then.
Punkd
Ok I Won't Make a Cheesecake
"If you're going to ride my ass, at least take me to dinner first." TAILGATERS
Ok dickhead, be that way
Newbie gave me an order..
Sending racist emails? I will reply by filling your inbox with some cultural diversity.
IT is like food service, be polite to us or you'll regret it fast...
Oops.
Ruin my movie? Karma is real.
Killed my cat so I’ve been killing his convenience
Be a racist piece of shit? Lose your job.
Removed the seat off some jackass's bike
Don't listen to my reasonable request, lose items.
Guy at airport wronged me. (With images)
Cooked a whole bag of potstickers just to spite my housemates
Mess with my approved vacation from a year ago?
That's some gay revenge
Try to embarrass my friends? I'll get you back
Taking advantage of my friendliness and talk bad about me? Have fun failing your class
Punked
Drunk European said my accent was ugly, I purposefully misidentified his country.
Get Sprayed
50 Cent: The most petty of us all
Try to embarrass my friends? I'll get you back
Revenge on a rude coach
I’ve never seen an entire parking lot of cars towed before!!!
Painty shirt
Bully gets called out on her shit and news spreads.
Ditch me at the Dance?
Sister shit
Years ago but I remember it well
60" of satisfaction
Oops. Sorry my awful baby puked on you.
Bully attacks me for wanting to get to my locker, gets expelled.
Mess up my art project I spent days on? Enjoy the dent in your grade.
Hidden in plain sight
My girlfriends psycho ex keyed her car this morning
Basically gained 10 bucks
Try to embarass me and my friend? I'll get you back
Try to embarass me? I'll get you back
Christmas gift ideas for my boss
How to get revenge on someone using their phone number?
Want to steal my parking space? Have fun with the ticket jackass.
I got tired of my neighbor throwing all his trash down the embankment next to my backyard so I collected it all and put it in his parking space.
Pointing out your superior genes? Wait a minute...
You Forgot Something
The Spoiled Girl Conundrum
Uncomfortable accommodations and a corresponding hostess gift
Tailgate me in a school zone? Enjoy going 40km/hour for the rest of your journey.
Cheat on a test? I'll leave you on read
Forget my name? Imma forget yours too
Blame me for something I didn’t do? Have fun never going home!
Entitled old people in queues are the worst.
Shutting down a racist gamer
Not so sweet revenge for a snack thief
I know what belongs in that kit, and trust me, it's all there.
Had enough of my roommates eating my food
"Sorry, you got in my way"
Almost hit me with your bicycle? Have fun walking home.
The tale of the taken hat
That’s what you get
I'm Not THAT Old, Mom
The Code
I Got Revenge On My Graphic Design Teacher
"Here, I think you guys forgot something"
Short and VERY Petty.
Extremely petty WiFi management
Coach purse extravaganza
Getting back at my Coach Obsessed Mother
Think I'm gonna do your laundry for you? Think again.
High school 12 grade
Put your crap in my bathroom and leave it a mess? Have fun with no data.
Dealing with ungratefulness.
Milk. It does NOT do a car good...
Not let me shower and try to ruin my trip with your immature jokes? Well, revenge is a dish best served COLD.
This might be a bit too petty and short, but i'll put it here anyway.
Entitled mother-son duo have trouble getting home after a long 4 hour journey.
So you quit drinking huh?
Entitled mother-son duo have trouble getting home after a long 4 hour journey.
Mess up clothes I fold and put them back in the clean clothes bin for me to re-fold because you're too lazy to put them away? Great, no more folded clothes, I'm not helping you find them either!
Quitting drinking huh?
Corporate made my job worse so I went Robin Hood on them.
be loud and annoyong in the changing room?
Wash your own damn laundry
Waste my time when I order a coffee? Enjoy a bad review. 378 times.
Try to call me out on using my rights? Look like a fool in front of your students.
Left a bad review and didn't pay over $4,000 for services
No story, but more seeking advice
Donut mess with him: jerk steals our parking spot so boyfriend surprises him with a trick and a treat
"Thank you, ma'am"
Petty revenge at Magic Mountain
Don't want to get your animals out of my apartment, pay $1500
Coworker doesn't like hearing languages besides EnglishWhat can I do?
Petty revenge at Magic Mountain
The time a fat momma's boy harassed me and the office weasel contributed to my sweet revenge.
The Canal Barge
https://www.peoplehype.com/2018/10/26/breaking-news-50-cent-buys-200-tickets-to-ja-rule-show-so-its-empty/
Update to my boss revoking benefits- super late
Picture perfect (god I hate myself for that title)
Be an impatient asshole? You get charged for it...
He mocked my friend for having been molested. No regrets.
Won't let me use the bathroom? Okay then.
Husband wakes me up too early..
A carhop's petty revenge
Dealership wouldn't stop calling me to come buy a POS vehicle and wouldn't take no for an answer.
Obnoxious girls get their food stolen while I sit back and watch
Worker makes up excuses as to why they can’t do the work they’re supposed to be doing. I’m leaving. Thanks to a typo in the program, Worker needs to correct my projects. Now manager can prove Worker isn’t working.
He blew up a firecracker under the vice principal's nose
10 years later and she still hates me
Rude Neighbour speaks to me like shit? Enjoy the parking.
The Secret of Footland
Revenge for a child (HELP)
I can’t enter the elevator? You’ll just miss your bus.
I Stole the Whole Box
Should I ?
Cut in line and I’ll scream in your ears
She didn’t think my tractor was sexy
All Artwork is Our Property
Urine lemonade
If you're a jerk to the gas station clerk he'll make you pay that last 3p even if you have to break a £10. Bonus revenge: call the police on the clerk and they'll post the audio of your call!
Driver gets mad when I merge in front of him and starts to follow me home. I make sure he gets a ticket on the way.
Oh no. You have to get your own food. How sad.
Steal my scooter? I’ll be handed yours.
Saying I shouldn't be a ref? Looks like you shouldn't be one either.
Revenge on driver on the phone
Is this revenge on overhead bin misuse petty or not?
URGH, men right?
Don't mess with customer service
Stupid woman tries to underpay, gets banned from every restaurant in the county.
Call me (and only me) out during class? Let's hope you like pink fluffy unicorns
Don't mess with my mom.
Help me figure out the best petty revenge, please! Story below.
Got Bully into major trouble
Leave the door unlocked all night in a rough area? Get locked in the house all day
Leave me stranded in a strange city at 1AM? Okay
Vengeful child
Thanks for the Netflix account
Quick Draw McGraw wants to be an especially inconsiderate asshole on the 4th of July? Breath in the shit buddy, breath it in.
Flip me off for your mistake? Enjoy the red light.
Did you know Glitter Bombs are a thing?
Don’t like me taking MC? Fine, let’s all be sick together
Stop giving dating sites my email address
If you can talk the talk, you'd better be able to walk the walk... And I can walk fast.
You did not want to make my Dad mad XD
Park in our driveway? Hope you don't have anywhere to be for the next two hours.
Decided they didn't want to cater our work party
Want to bully me? Eat shit!
Dickhead neighbor parking
How to scam some scammers?
Request for revenge inspiration
Annoying "actress" gets on my nerves
Drunk man comes in late? Have fun getting your card in the morning!
Rental Agreement PayBack
The Robin Hood of Donuts
Hog the bike lane? Have fun driving behind me.
A drunk man comes into my store late? Have fun getting your card in the morning!!
Prison
A drunk man comes into my store late? Have fun picking up your card in the morning!
Petty Revenge on a scammer
Fare evader jumps the gates so I send him the wrong way... Comes back to complain and gets a £80 ($100) fine.
You won't take my receipt? I'll take more money then.
Messing with Scammers
Guy with wrong number randomly calls me and immediately swears at me. Guess who's number is now getting spammed?
Friends had a shitty moment, Mother Nature with the assist
I exposed a fellow student who was fabricating their 'fantastic' grade.
Woman tries to steal doughnuts, gets cleaned.
Make me miss my exit? Right back at ya
Throw change at me and call me a dumbass? I’ll waste your time and kick you out.
Landlord tries to nickle and dime us? We'll make you lose your house.
A posh lady stood tutting loudly whilst a customer I was serving counted out loose change for milk and bread. When she came to pay, I cancelled her card payment, but lied and told her it had been declined
Get mad because I didn't do a chore the 1 day I specifically told you I wasn't home? Have fun sleeping!
Block my drive way 3 times? Enjoy riding the bus for the rest of the week.
Christian gets stuck on elevator to hell
You *SURE* you wanna watch?
Work made me detail my own car that I bought so I leaned how to do an expensive paint treatment.
Reckless drivers cuts me off and tries to cut me off a second time.
It's not your problem ? You got a smellier problem
Bullying Doesn't Pay
Job tried to screw me so I screwed them with their own incompetence
Guy blocks me off with his car. I delay him two minutes
A woman wanted my seat in an empty bus, so I made her miss her connecting train home.
My sister said I couldn’t use the wii.. so I took away her games
Home development tried to screw us over
Rush in without an "Excuse me"? Ok, buddy.
Military - deployed - don't screw my guys over - petty revenge
Hamster for a cookie
All you need is a dollar and a (perry revenge)dream
I can't use your things? Then you can't use mine
Be a dick to me at work? Don't forget your parking pass! (nah. go ahead and forget it- I'm not gonna remind you)
can i post a video i made out of pettiness?
A Rude Awakening
UPDATE: Neighbor trespassed and was biten...crap has gone off the rails!! Pitchforks! Fences!! Lawyers! Oh my!Petty revenge advice?
Petty revenge on me for a high school hacking prank
Sleazy real estate developer fraudulently nickles and dimes, Mom helps to drive final nail into coffin
He said not to bother him...I won't be bothering him anymore
Rat me out for the work you are supposed to be doing anyway?
Don’t want to pay your employees’ benefits? No problem.
Entitled lady at the post office
Be rude to my friend? I’ll embarrass you in front of the whole class :)
Maybe if she asked nicely she would have a little quiet time
2 faced roomie
A cursed handover to a terrible boss
I have an act of petty revenge in mind, but I’m having trouble deciding if I should go through with it.
Guy cut me off in a high school parking lot.
She answered the phone
College Prank on Jerk
I made a kid hit my car with his bike. Fuck that kid.
60+ year old co-worker lied to the boss to make me take the fall for something I didn't do, so I adjusted the resolution on her computer screen and made everything tiny. Her pride prevented her from asking anyone for help, so she just suffered... leaning in to just a few inches from her screen.
Want to shove my chair and complain about how I am taking up space? I hope your phone dies.
I didn't mean to shut the elevator door on someone
You think I'm dumb? Okay, I'll play dumb.
Can't follow the copier queue rules? Have fun finding your worksheets!
Don't be rude and expect me to do you a favor
Flame me in a game? Enjoy a loss.
Saw a creeper staring at a family so I pulled in front of him and stared at him
Wanna be a dick? Enjoy failing your class.
Take that, mom
Try to get me fired? I'll get you fired.
Go in the elevator before they come out? Get fucked getting into the store
Don't mess with my lunch!
A well-seasoned weave
Build a fence on our land? Try to make us pay? Annoy us with your noisy parties? Down goes your tree!
Literally highlighting the mistakes of the girl who called me useless
Steal my book? I'll make you go "Uck!"
When an adult bullies my daughter, I hit back
Husband’s ex-best friend lost a library of 300 games on his PS4
I'll wait on my penny
Don't bother coming in the next two weeks? Let's up that to forever.
Want to blame me for your child’s failures? Well I guess $50/hour tutor will definitely work then
Be a dick at a pizza place? No pizza for you!
Yeah, I'll have to wait on my penny.
I really don't like red-light runners
Today I was reminded of something I used to do to my brother.
Exposed him online
Petty revenge from my younger days
Be rude to me? Now retake your photo!
Got my lying ex-friend and drug dealer arrested.
Someone who was not airing up their tires parked in the "air up your tires" spot at the gas station and was a major jerk when I asked them to move
Okay so I’m plotting on something
You shall come to fear my sign-making powers!!!
Broken hearts and fake pregnancy
Yell at me, no cash back for you.
Be the most obnoxious customer of the month? You'll just have to wait
Коси коса, пока роса
They shall come to fear our sign-making powers....
Story of the bottle
Sorry - I sold it for more than you were offering
Don't bump into me when I'm kayaking
One time in elementary school a girl next to me was cheating off my test so I...
“You look like you tried.”
Sleeping with my cousin
Get snappy with me because I tried to answer your question? Be prepared to have an uncomfortable bus ride.
this lady gave me a bad haircut and forced me to pay
Due to the recent bonesaw incident, the new spelling should henceforth be: Sawdi Arabia
Sleazy home builder aggravates my mom, she helps to bankrupt them
Another airline post, but with a baby
You wanna be a bitch, Imma hit the switch.
Volunteer to be bumped?
Apparently I'm just here to carry your stuff when you rudely command me to
Put gay porn on my SILs Netflix acct.
Want to be rude and disrespectful? My dog will enact petty revenge in my honour.
Where's Patricia?
Countersued cyclist who ran over our dog
So Normally I'm against revenge but I need to get these kids to stop...
Want to be petty and not take five minuets to print me a new ID. l'll be petty right back and take 3 hours getting my old one from home
Accidental airline seat mix up - move the other guy to business class
Roommate Never Bought Toilet Paper
Special needs brother stole my oreos
Don’t Block My Car
MIL used my shampoo
This year I hiked over 2,000 miles as petty revenge.
Keep asking me dumb questions? I'll take my sweet time crafting a passive aggressive email masterpiece AND GET PAID FOR IT
Need Petty Revenge Ideas
Don't mess with a tech who knows more than you
No photo release? No photos
I bought 3 mega millions loto tickets with the same numbers as my ass hole coworkers.
Bye bye busboy
Forget you set the phone down? Im happy to tie up your restaurants only line all friday afternoon. (Ongoing.)
Constantly move the car to the wrong lot with out telling me enjoy your tickets
You want to call me a fucking cunt for slightly leaning my boot at the side of your chair? I’ll fucking slam it on the chair next time around.
D’bag comes on to my woman
Give me my pizza three hours late? Enjoy the tip asshole.
Kick me off the bus for an arbitrary reason? Fine. Passive-aggressive public shaming days later? Less fine.
Don't fuck with me. I fuck harder. Always.
You take something irreplaceable from me, and have the nerve to tell me that I need Jesus. You should listen to your own advice pervert.
Subordinate bullied me to have her way.
I need revenge prank calls
Half sisters were due child support, from their dad.
I will make you do math
Communications teacher was a jerk so i proved his class was pointless.
To the twat that keeps parking in my spot at the office... bet."I know what I'm doing". Well so do I.
Drunk Dialed
Try and give me a bunch of shit? I'll give it right back to you, literally.
Beep beep.
Park in such a way as I cannot get out and ignore the hammering on your door ?
Not necessarily revenge but more about people getting what they deserve. I got the whole night crew i was working with at a fast food restaurant fired.
Petty Change
My roommate didn't trust me so I gave him a reason not to trust me.
'I won't talk about it in front of you'
You Don’t Want That $5 Off As Bad As You Think You Do
Bros before hoes
If you want to leave your underwear drying the shared bathroom, I’ll make sure they never dry.
May have been the reason horrible boss lost his job
You want your money back? You got it.
Get off my back
Proving to past manager that her way of doing stuff is absolute shit
You want to park using three spaces? Fine with me
Turns out the moron who created this account really did set his password as Cherry. Also, he was an asshole so...
Laundry revenge
Snubbing the lady who accused me of giving her a bad grade
Simple holiday revenge!
Park your moped like an ass? It might not be where you left it when you get back.
Laugh at me when I need to leave work early? Good luck running half staffed.
You beat me, I beat you
Piers Morgan has been pied in the face by comedian Harry Hill as revenge for the "Papoose-Gate" where he had a go at Daniel Craig being a good Dad
You take away my one ride home? I'll pretend to tell the GM about your meth addiction.
I got the girl that rejected me arrested for underage drinking
Home depot credit
You treat my apartment building as a personal bike garage? It is now my trash can.
For a month I've been delivering my own "missed delivery" notes for UPS, it's all they leave for me
Feeling entitled at the gym? Enjoy 15 more minutes of waiting for the machine
Don't want to swim with brown people? Then come for a long and pointless walk
Stop peeing on my bathroom floor.
The Longest Mile
You cut my fence line instead of going around to the gates or calling to ask how to get back there... you get to fix the fence and then test it to ensure correct repair.
Talk to the hand? Cool talk to your bank for a new debit card.
Oops.
The time I tricked two mean tourist
Once upon a time, before revenge porn was a crime...
Oh, you re gonna cut the line? Well, here's some chlamydia
Wake me up and lose the internet
Don't bully my brother
Try to ruin a good thing for everyone? I'm going to ruin your day
Skaters Get it GOOD
My fun with a phone salesman
Car salesman gets his sale, but at what cost?
My neighbor intentionally took up two parking spots on the street to block me from parking. I took away his usual parking spot.
Steal from me? Bulldoze your house
Ignored by the car salesman? I'll buy elsewhere
She made me look like a gold digger, i made her a whore.
Return my shirt
Want to lie about our sex life. Well hope you enjoy your fake herpes.
Для богатого и ворота настежь
have a go at me while waiting to get served? watch me get served first
Oh you want a refund?
Nana and her revenge on the Awful Coworker (AC)
Slander my name?
We make a petty sammich
Kevin fucked my girlfriend in college
Chocolate Muffins and Water Bottles
Excuse me, Sir. Are you a bus?
Shake Credit Card in Cashiers Face? Walk Six Blocks
Want my parking spot? Good luck with that.
Hey man, you'll just have to wait
Tinder girl plays with my emotions for months and I send one email
Mum’s Revenge
Reducing the liquid soap
7 out of 8 isn't half bad
Help me getting revenge
Internet Revenge on a Bad Roommate
Tinder girl plays with my emotions and I send one email
Flip me off when you're driving like an idoit? Enjoy jail
A classic sibling rivalry tale
Rocket Revenge! (Literally)
Ideas for petty revenge on loud music next door at 2:00 AM
You want to ignore me and call me names under your breath. I'll tell your coach.
Park your Uber car in my paid spot on Saturday night? Have fun Sunday morning.
Cheat on me while I am grieving the death of a friend? It's water under the bridge.
Just wait a lil
Property Manager Revenge
So, how does the bottom of the bus look from your vantage point?
My bf was being a butt so I decided to play a trick on him by turning off all of the lights
At the drive through of a taco joint, I encountered this guy....
Say no more
Petty revenge on doggo
Can't Exchange Without a Receipt? Fine then.
Our sandwich making skills aren't fresh enough? Well we won't be serving baloney at this location anymore, ma'am.
Bartender gets served
Yell at my MIL? Lose $2,500.
If I tell you I don’t send nudes, don’t send me yours
My “friend” tossed my car keys and went to the pub with friends, had me search for them in the the rain alone.
Shitty restaurant service and my free meal
Yell at my MIL? Lose $2,500.
Best board game player ever? I can change that
Boss from Hell
If your golf game is on fuck em'.
Toxic friend rages at me. On online game, have fun with a free loss.
Someone was stealing gasoline
Dog story, the ongoing petty revenge
Won't honor the bet you made with me? Have fun not having access to my car.If you didn’t like me before, you sure as hell hate me now
Car salesman didn’t believe I walk away.
Steal all of our Halloween candy? Two can play at that game.
Father in law wins one for the merging sheriff department
Don't want to send a return shipping label...sure I will mail it.
My mom trolls a renter stealing food from our fridge
Enjoy Supsension
So, tell me again how badly you want those items?
Assaulted in middle school was vindicated years later (yesterday) when I googled culprit's name.
What my ex doesn't know won't hurt him!
Bartender gets served
Guess they couldn't afford you either!
I need some advice
My mom put a GPS tracker on my phone, so I spoofed my location.
Oh, so you were trying to throw me under the bus, huh?
Trying to get me fired? I'll destroy your retirement plans.
Bullied for 7 months by a roommate. No more.
Like not putting in effort? F for you and an A for all of us!
Changing bully phone passcode
I got revenge on my best (ex) friend for stealing a girl I liked
Petty revenge inspired by an old r/pettyrevenge post
My account got hacked so I took revenge the only way I know how
My Son and his Lunch Box
I was a introverted loner in elementary and just wanted a friend, until I met her...
Don’t blame your ass on me!
Enjoy your reading material, delivered 33 years late
Broke up with my boyfriend, he moved out yesterday... and he took the batteries from my vibrator with him. And all the batteries in the house.
My old friend and the science project.
Bad behaving DJ learns his little lesson
An ex owed me money, and I got it back somewhat unconventionally.
Dont mess with my dog .
Don't mess with customer service.
I also was playing video games.
Sometimes, all it takes is a little dedication!
If I’m sick, you’re sick
My work was "too slow" so I fixed a bug in a fraction of the time it took the engineer to not fix it.
My Way of Sticking It To The Old Job
Cross country drive, pizza buffet, soccer moms
You wanted to make me feel like shit so I told your family about your habits
Act rude to me for no reason? Enjoy getting your phone confiscated. (Repost due to title error)
Ignore my wishes and act rudr to me for no reason? Enjoy losing your phone, good sir.
Shoot my dog will you? Too bad your son is on probation
DON'T YOU DARE
Gonna hurt my friend? Well I'll show you in front of the entire university!!!
Won’t send me my $0.03? Fine.
My tale of sweet petty revenge on a boss who treated me terribly for 3 years and tried to sabotage my career
Supervisors Tried to Make Me Look Bad, So I Made Them Look Worse
Accuse me of bullying you? You'll lose your crush for being an homophobic ass.
Family told me to not leave my room because i have a cold, so i
Bumb-ass gets hit in the head by a bumb-bell
Won’t send me my $0.03? Fine.
Art thief and moderator gets called out and gets moderator removed from him
Got revenge on an art thief who thought they were smart
Professional Revenge
Got a job in my field of study but boss makes me do labor on his house.
How Diego put the Goddess back into her place
Make me do all the work? Be prepared to fail.
Loud Dorm Neighbor Experience
You wanted to act tough? Wait for it now
The guy who drove you, is the guy who won't be picking you up.
Can you read? Yeah, I now revoke that skill just to be a asshole.
I'm sick and I can't go home early? You aren't sick and you go home early? OK.
Not a customer anymore, but thanks anyway
Bully me and then ask for advice? Have fun with the teachers
Have our house marked as vacant? I'll make sure you get to pay that rent you skipped out on
Back the F up.
I intentionally let someone leave their phone behind (and possibly have it destroyed) because they were a dick.
Just a little small talk
Mess with my food? Have fun sleeping on the floor
My Mom’s Petty Revenge on My Elementary School Nurse
Ditto Bitch.
Two Stories, one is mine
1-900-Revenge
Food Thieves at work Get a "meatball sub"
P-TOP 6W E27 LED Flame Effect Fire Light Bulb, Flickering Flame LED Bulb Lamp for Party, AC85-260V (1 PC)
Karma visits the noisiest neighbours in the street
Be rude to me over a valid complaint? Fine, have fun not being able to use any of the designs I made for your event.
Don’t ruin my family and expect to not get called out on it
Doctors are too good to take out their own trash? Let me take care of that for you.
Leaky Sink Shenanigans
She started it, we are gonna end it.
Give a disgusted look when you get to me? I’ll just correct you in class.
Make fun of me for my favorite color? Well...
Door crasher
Have my same email? Ok then.
Nepotism is ugly, but beauty is in the eye of the beholder.
Steal my dress? I hope you like not having any utilities...
Update on a douchey driver
You can be cheap, or you can be an asshole, but not both.
Mildly annoying an impatient driver
Best Buy Parking Lot Pettiness
Monitor Madness / Rex’s Revenge nsfw
Locker room revenge
Reforming a bad dog owner
Messy and Rude on a Plane
Sticky shampoo
Revenge on person parked where they should not
Revenge on a douchey driver
Roommate Revenge
Call or text 9724893133How to get back at bratty kids
Roommate wouldn’t let me use her computer in college. I unplugged her mouse and keyboard. She couldn’t figure out why her computer wasn’t working. Hah
Think you get away without doing our part of work? You‘ll see.
Journeyman gets itchy
Easiest way to waste your drink
Revenge on a rude bank teller
Leave your employer for a new one? We’ll turn your locker into towel shelves.
bedsheets
I'm not looking to be petty, I wanna ask the masters what to look out for.
Make me sit in the back again? Okay, but you're suffering with me.
You can be cheap, or you can be an asshole, but not both.
My roommate kept stealing my food and it turns out I have a mouth infection
Roommate kept stealing food
Reddit Revenge
Want to take your time? Well so can I.
Leave your shitty car on my property? I'll make it a literal shitty car.
Take my window seat? I puke on your shoes.
My art is what now?
Petty Revenge worked out pretty good
Don’t shhhh me
Be an asshole? Feel the spit of my wrath.
You're selling your dogs?!
Afraid Ill steal soda?
Petty Revenge on bully
Petty Revenge on bully
Today at the grocery store
Suite deals at my aunt’s hotel
Ctrl+Alt+▲
Mmmm, sounds good.
Petty Revenge on a Plane
Enjoy the meal
It’s not mine!
In a few minutes.
Please fix the urinal? Please!
Just be nice to people
Our local At&amp;t
Use up my legroom on a flight so you can have more? Good luck finding your shoe
screw you blue tooth girl
Bought ‘em with my daddy’s money
Wanna Keep Calling My Phone? Go ahead
Its MY shitty gym.
Bring it back on time and put gas back in it.
My girlfriend is not to be messed with.
Beep when I'm backing enjoy an inconvenience
Act like a bitch, and then try to let your friends cut in line? Enjoy being sent to the back of it.
Semi with a “how’s my driving” sticker finds out how he’s driving
He won’t bother anyone any longer.
Extend my probation for bullshit reasons? Okay, then... if you’re sure.
Make me waste my time? Lose money...
I'm using a copy of my ex girlfriend's brain on a CD as beer coaster
Arnold the cabbie
Freshmen Can't Slack
Discomfort Dental
Keep sending emails meant for somebody else? OK maybe this will get your attention
Petty Revenge in the Form of Ice Cream
Laugh about my super awesome strenght? then you get the ugliest plate ever.
Parking Spot Wars!
Being dickish to a former Subway employee?
Amish Roulette
Happy Labour Day!
Tinder Revenge
You just take MY elevator? Alrighty then.
Confess you're laughing at people's obliviousness? Let's make them fully aware
Use my recovery email at your own peril.
My Homophobic Neighbor Thinks He’s the Parking Police
Use my recovery email at your own peril
Throw a burrito at me and see what happens
The HOA is the hero this time
No toothpaste for you.
Don’t want my advice asking what that is? Okay
Driving like a dick in a company van.
The HOA is the hero this time
Sure showed that asshole bus driver ...
Mess with my laundry?
Give me back my money, Perogie Boy!
Give me back my money, Perogie Boy!
Give Me my Money Back, Perogie Boy.
Won't let me pass? Enjoy your ticket.
Karate, Pokémon and cold hard cash
Don’t force me to vote and waste my time. Super petty revenge.
You mess with me? I mess with you TV!!
Made a rude coworker feel old
The forbidden fruit, half eaten.
Extremely petty email revenge
If you’re going to road rage, don’t do it in a company vehicle, genius.
No Sunflower Seeds for You
Don't trip me!
I got three paid days off and stumped a whole IT team by changing one letter in my computer settings (details inside)
Calling her “fake quitting” bluff
Bitch stole my pizza
The story of why my town doesn't have a popular chain pizza restaurant anymore.
Yesterday my SO bought me two slim jims then ate them. Today I bought him his favorite candy bar and ate it.
Let your off leash dogs terrorize mine? Enjoy waking up at 6am every day.
asshole dude put his seat down right after attending a 9 hour flight
So the plan is to make me take the orders, fulfill the orders, use my card, calculate the totals per person to quickpay, and pick up my goodbye lunch?
I “threw a turkey” for victims of abuse.
Tales from tech support, possibly part 1
Litter the place with business cards? Have your time wasted.
Hope you enjoy your shitty pool.
Teacher got petty revenge by "shooting" my dad.Complain about the sale % not being enough and being rude at checkout? Now you have to wait with your sour puss.
Baby driver
Bad Manners on a Flight? Prepare to spend the next 6 hours in discomfort.
No speed racing for you
Leave your business cards on my car and all over the car park?
short and petty email based revenge
Be a dick to me?
Impatience is rewarded with having to wait.
Throw trash out the window and drive stupidly? Get to your destination slightly later.
Adios Muchacha
You don’t even live here and you’re gonna be rude? Enjoy getting your car from the towing company.
Abuse your wait staff and be a super jagoff, you get embarrassed.
"That" teacher
You left your card after not tipping? You can come get it from me when you realize
My first petty revenge.
How i ALMOST (kinda) did a petty revenge
Hi
Poorly schedule my online free response test and not tell me when it's due? Guess I'll take all your assignments literally
Math Teacher and Continuing Revenge
10yr old petty revenge on best friend
A little dad joke makes for a very petty revenge.
Don't cut my hair.
Bully me, and I will suspend you
Don’t screw over the computer repair woman
Say my name
Know-it-all prick knows everything except how to get his precious towel back
You're going to expose me as being a pronunciator? I'll exposed you bare-assed nude.
Screwed over DM by leaving and she messed up paperwork so they had to pay me extra.
Nobody messes with my Pokemon!!!
Rotting fish socks
Bring your ex round without telling anyone? Have rotting fish socks.
I think I'm a victim of petty revenge... from my cat
Let Me Rewash The Clothes For You
Don't mess with a mans walleye, buddy.
NFTY event gone horribly wrong, best friend raped with laced weed after trying to buy a $20 G
Refuse to take my money? Pay it yourself then.
I dropped my high school bully’s food on the floor on purpose and served it to him.
T-Mobile staff got hostile and told me to leave, so I pulled 12 alarms on my way out
You can use my "tip" to buy a new phone
do you want to see holograms with your phone?
Enjoy your drink
3rd grade revenge
Neighbors now have flat tires.
Spoil the new Spider-Man game for me? Enjoy failing the semester.
Worked for a terrible store, got called an idiot by a high school aged shift supervisor, decided to have a little fun on my way out the door.
The ketchup and mustard bra revenge
Someone in my dormitory decided it'll be a good idea to take my freshly washed clothes out of the dryer and throw them on the floor...
If you don’t tip
As petty as it gets
Spoil a Movie for me? Don't enjoy the rest of your show then.
Won't cover my shift after I've covered so many for you? Enjoy losing money then.
Friend pulled a terrible E.R. prank on me that almost got me a ticket, so I thought I’d make him pay for it - in cash
I can't sell value to customers? Okay your turn to try!
Friend pulled a terrible prank on me that almost got me a ticket, so I decided he should pay - in cash
I quit, but before I leave, let me just ruin your job.
🔑
Decaf for days
An FU Cake x-post with r/lgbt
We have time, we close at 9:30
Petty revenge on spam.
Bad tipper gets a tip from his drivers.
Small Neighborhood, See You Again...and Again...and Again...Ha ha
Give Me A Lemon? I Send You Back a Lemon.
Revenge on a shitty boss
The Queen of petty revenge and the wedding
The Queen of petty revenge takes on her local radio station
My HOA fined me for a decoration that had been out for three years. My cousin owns a sign shop. I put this out at the entrance of my neighborhood before all the open houses. My HOA is also the builder.
Ahh, it’s the little things...
Fined for losing something I didn't lose?
Dorm Lounge Too Loud
Blamed me for taking a shit in the pool when you did...
Defeat the liar with truth.
Our " London Bridge experience" revenge
I tipped an extremely rude waitress 1%
Cheating students with aggressive helicopter parents? Not a problem for my math professor.
Evicting LuLaHo
School spirit and jizz on your face... you shouldn't have f*cked with me!
Eat my food and blame roaches. Okay, I’ll show you.
Cashier at chiropractor laughs that she's going to have to charge me $10 for losing my ID
Call me a fag? I’ll humiliate you.
Coffee with a MAC shot
Hey, Frenchies, don't cut this line!
"Have a Great Day!"
Couple wanted an empty middle seat in the plane, it didn't work out so well
Sent gay porn to a dad who’s son was a douche and assaulted my kid.
A whole year later
Thanks for the security deposit back Mr. Landlord!
Petty Birthday Revenge Fun
I farted on a random ladies kid today...
Getting proactiv with law library terror
The ding dong ditcher got a knuckle sandwich
My cousin was the Queen of petty revenge and she is my biggest hero.
Shouldn't have stolen my parking spot!
Proper level of revenge
Treat me poorly? I'll throw out your food.
Be rude assholes? Pay an extra $15.
Your child is annoying everyone and your apathy is annoying us more.
Speed in a construction zone? Here's your ticket
Stayed with me for free and talk shit....you deserve everything thats coming
She bullied me just for dating her ex, so I turned her into a groundhog.Rude drunk woman at a concert
How do I piss off an HOA?
Enjoy cleaning your windshield every day, dipshit.
My neighbour kept complaining about the noise in my flat
Offer me leftovers after leaving me out? Gladly. You'll never see them again.
Pregnant woman thinks she's more important than others.
The ex friend that did not care
You want the manager? Hahahahaha.
Neighbors’ plant juice leaking on our balcony
Pretty revenge by malicious compliance
Please help...
Mean ex friend get kicked from school tour
Do not steal a pregnant woman's seat
Get your hands off me!
Guy steals $250 from me so I put his phone number online to make his life hell.
Petty revenge on a school bully who kept harassing me for 6 long years.
Kid stole my stuff so I stole his stuff
The bartender at work got snippy because I forgot her name, called her a different name every time I interacted with her for the rest of the shift.
Broke a couple up
Sexually harassed a sexual harasser on the bus
I urinated on somebody's jacket
Shhh, this is a library
Found out my boyfriend had been talking to girls on okcupid
A had sex with the father of my high school bully.
Landlord kept showing out apartment on super short notice, turns out it's illegal.
Coffee with a MAC shot
Teenage years and puberty result in an annoying, stubborn younger brother and petty older sister.
So you want to park you car in front of my drive and demand I repaint your whole car after hitting it?
Teammate stole from me- I pissed in his Gatorade
Coffee with a MAC shot
One of the pettiest revenges I have done involving lipstick and coffee
I win auction for a CD album a b*tch wanted
Getting back at an ex boyfriend
Brother ruins his sister’s childhood with a simple iOS update!
Jeep Bully
Rude man at supermarket will get a nice surprise when he gets home
Now everyone can smell your attitude
So, You Want to Ride Your Bikes Two Abreast on the Sidewalk (Not But 1.5 Meters From the Proper Bike Lane) and Against Traffic? Alrighty, Then...
Geriatric refuses to accept he’s damaged my car, despite photographic proof!
Threw my coffee on a car in rush hour
Don’t stand, don’t stand, don’t stand so close to me
Bullshit customer
Customer tries to hide perishable dairy at register because she didn't want it. Bought it anyway.
You'll play your stereo when I allow you too.
You suck at your job? Well, guess I do too.
Turn off our hot water at 7.30am? Enjoy my disgusting eggs
what's better,my pussy or my lips?
I got myself drunk so I could get my revenge
Stole my game, so I steal your game collection
Getting married in a few weeks and my ex's former friend is officiating.
Entering a number on online schools and debt consolidation websites
My backstabbing ex dormmates are getting their emails hacked and I am absolutely delighted about it
I gave his nice jacket away to Goodwill.
I spat in everyone's drinks
If I have to live with you, you have to live with me
Refuse to play cordially during the semifinals? Fine, you're stuck with me until we both lose due to time.
The job BT cost me tried to make life difficult, so I showed them I could do that too.
Want to be loud drunks in a hotel at 3am? I hope you like television at 8am
Kids card games bring the worst out of us
A little payback
71077345
Handyman dobbed on me for petsitting 2 dogs.. i turned his phone into torment
Did you think I wouldn’t come back here?!
Is this the right place? Petty Revenge.
No bull? Then chill!
Write teacher's profile in the 1st person showing off all the bad things he did.
Contaminate my M&amp;Ms? Sit on them.
Grumpy old man has his lawn forked up.
McDonald's app rip-off revenge.
The Pens
Going up? Not so fast.
Ruin my laptop? I'll make you think you need a new one
The last word to a scummy POS
Laundry and Lazy Roommate
Hostel Revenge - Alarm under floor boards
Shitty Night Club Revenge
Unintended Revenge at the Supermarket line
Hi
Trying to make up claims about something you did with other deaf person is never a good idea!
My husband left me via text so in my anger I spoiled a movie
Advice on getting the best petty revenge?
Social Media Revenge, Years in the Making
Stole my game, so I steal your game collection
Maybe you shouldn't have tried to prevent me from merging on a 2-lane road
Spy Games, or how we beat conniving lady at her own game
A chip on his shoulder, revenge in the bag
Don’t be racist around me
I spilled the beans
Today, I blew the doors off of a Dodge Charger (Hemi)
Had a Little Fun with a Scammer Over Email
New Coworker is annoying as fuck and thinks too highly of herself. I'll fix that.
Enough of fuckin papers.
Revenge Fucked My Teacher to get back at her husband who was my guidance coordinator
Revenge on loud partying college students, featuring my dad and dog
Don't sit against my table
Of course I'll write this assignment for you
Want some free chips, enjoy a scratched up car.
Need help getting revenge
HOA board member fines me for having a pickup in my driveway then wants me to let him use it to get his hurricane shutters from storage unit! HOW 'BOUT NO?
Coffee Filter Online Store In Australia | Coffee Filters Store Near MeRuined my Study hall, and friendsship so I ruined her Saturday
Won't unmute the TV? We're leaving and taking half of your customers with us!
Kid is a bitch to me on bus
Trying to illegally buy a gun? Try again
Don't ignore the sign that says "please wait here for next available cashier"
The Time My band got stiffed out of the money we were promised
Get in my personal space? Enjoy waiting behind me
What can I do...
Want me to do your paperwork for you? Okay, hope you got a magnifying glass.
Driver's a dick to a cyclist.
FORTNITE LIVE|Try to win a match....
No boarding through the back doors, bitch
Be an asshole? Ok.
Want to play elevator games? I’ll meet you outside.
Scream at me on an airplane? Have fun missing your flight.
No posters for you!
Don't talk to my kid like that. Oh and by the way, get the f out of here
Worked in a call center a while back, be rude to me, I'll waste your time... On xmas.
Ride my bumper when I'm already speeding? That's a paddlin'.
Getting revenge on my bank
Won't let me go home slightly early? Have fun with overtime.
I ruined my brother's game
Demand free ice cream and be an obnoxious b*tch? I'll never let you forget it.
The only time I wanted a baby to keep crying on an airplane
I have a gun in my shoes!
A petty online browser game revenge
Bully me, don't get a job
Not me but my teacher
You like spoiling everything I'm watching? Hope you like me spoiling what you like too
I took a whole year to get my prick of a boss.
Parked like a-hole w/ window open @ Applebee's
College flatmate revenge
Cleaning up after other people is a pain...
Stop taking my parking space!
Treating them the way they treat me
I had the most satisfying petty revenge yesterday
Annoy the fuck out of me? Enjoy cleaning your white shoes years later
A dollar for a walk
Tell me I'm cutting your fabric wrong? I'll cut it exactly how you want it
We all want something we can't have.
Oh, you're more qualified to inherit a very meaningful item? We'll see about that.
Impatient about waiting at the bank drive-thru teller? Here’s some extra waiting.
You try to push my lunch? Try me
Girl gets revenge by making man plan to propose to her, then ditches him in front of family- (I'm inspired)
Drive like an impatient ass? Learn some patience while you wait for the elevator.
Enjoy your ant fridge!
Petty revenge on a bully
Bitch about getting asked for ID and it will be neverending.
I kept two large, intact grapes in my mouth for over 6 hours to piss off my wife.
Be a Jerk? Get a ticket.
The Waiting Game
Don’t post my baby’s photo without permission
One small cable for man, one giant flight of stairs for mankind
5 years at the warehouse. 3 years with no raise. Rewarded with extra work. Rasict /nepotistic bully for a boss. Enjoy doing inventory.
My worst first date
“Pretend-sext” me, will you?
Revenge was different back then
Eat a huge bite out of my noodles? Hope you like hot sauce in the noodles!
Revenge on an asshole in my math class
Pregnant to my housemate. He breaks up with me, won't pay for half the abortion. I spiked his toiletries for months.
Wake me up at 3am for a “prank?” I’ll call
Petty revenge from my pet
Lawn revenge
Opps wifi’s gone
Screw you and your juice boxes too
Revenge on dumb drunk girls
Embarrassed and Wet
bug me in class, I dare you
Bitch games get shit prizes
My Soon To Be Ex Husband requested that I email him confirmation of receipt of final payment, so I made this website. (Cross Post from r/MaliciousCompliance)
Don’t rip off the guy who does your homework for you.
"What's the password to HBO?" "Try, 'HB-Not for you, bitch.'"
You can make a coworker break Federal regulations if you want to.
Silence the students in class, I shall unleash wrath of pettiness via assignments
Make Me Miss the Start of My Shift
Oh sure, I remember your incompetence!
Spread rumors and then this
Wake me up at 4am? Enjoy your breakfast.
Petty Revenge from my pet.
Nope sorry I just don't remember you
Won't let me move? I'll return the favor
Chemistry Pettiness
Didn't thank me when I saved you a few seconds? I'll make you lose them!
I give you creative freedom
Sure, I'll do the dishes.
Don't pay for a train fare then have fun going the wrong way... Come back to complain - enjoy a £80 ($100) fine
new supreme judge
Steal my cover and pillow? Enjoy sleeping in, babe!
A long walk back
Last halloween I gave out 2 full size bars to every kid, today a neighborhood kid made a mean comment about my pants as I walked. This year, they'll get 1 'fun' size.
Tailgating me in the rain? Let's drive a little slower...
Cheating on a test off me, enjoy the wrong answers
Coffee Shop Pettiness
Complain to the rental company about my overgrown lawn? Enjoy waking up to the sound of the mower every other Saturday
Hate to break it to you, but I speak Cantonese too!
Won't let a pregnant lady sit? Well you can't sit with each other.
Frienemy gets his comeuppance
Don't harass me about vaping.
Make my sisters day just a little worse
Asshole small business ownerRearranging my mothers house
Hate to break it to you, but I speak Cantonese too!
Want to cheat off of me? Enjoy getting humiliated in front of the whole class.
I’d love to make my ex play tons of dress up.
[deleted by user]
[deleted by user]
[deleted by user]
You like playing games?? I’ll sell your house.
Lie to your employees? Have fun with all those phone calls...
Roly Poly Fish Heads
Dont chew on borrowed pens.
The bicycle hostage situation
Harass me on a bus when I'm feeling unwell? Well that's just gonna cost you your degree.
Coffee meets Toast
You think its okay to tell me to kill myself? Enjoy walking in the rain for hours.
A little sissy exposure...(34F)
My neighbors are assholes and I am petty.
My Ex Best Friend Is Getting Married
Talk smack about me on Facebook for the whole town to see? (I’m not on fb btw) have fun being late for work.
I can ignore emails too, and it'll cost you your hard earned cash.
Tailgating me for going 50 in a 45 isn't gonna save you any time.
You raped my sister? I'll steal your anxiety meds to get high
The divorcee mailing list.
guy was rude on facebook so I cat fished him.
Leave my home number with all your creditors and the library after you ditched me on half a months rent?
Fuck Noisy Fucks
Sad luck story
Bully me incessantly for 3 years and take what was rightfully mine. Enjoy adult high school.
I got a classmate in trouble by searching up porn on his computer
'What did you call me?'
Park in my private spot? Have fun!
My FWB brutally dumped me, so I got revenge sex
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder.
Too dumb for doors, sorry.
Verbally abuse me and hold my pay hostage? I’ll make your life miserable.
Try to strongarm me into selling you it for your low offer? Enjoy the road trip.
Stand up for myself? Little old me? Sure.
A story from my brother...
What did I fucking say
Nepotism is an ugly thing, but beauty is in the eye of the beholder.
Nepotism is an ugly thing, but beauty is in the eye of the beholder.
Don’t want to bring me plates during a busy restaurant shift? Fine. I’ll do it myself.
Can I fucking finish?
Work revenge on our stock buyer - if you won't do your job the first time, I'll make it harder the next.
Food Warfare
Oh, you want a return call? How about one at 1:30 AM?
Can't wait 10 seconds for me to answer the door buzzer? Feel my anonymous and mildly annoying vengeance.
Auto Parts store employee doesnt know what I know
I hid dead fish for my manager to find 🤷
Amazon won't care but so what
Hit me once? Shame on you. Hit me twice? Shame on me. Hit me three times? Unforgivable.
Mama bear delivers sweet petty revenge against a 8 year old bully.
Spell check revenge.
My Breakfast Eggs Victory
Petty consequences for parking in the fire lane
Jukebox Hero
Ride my ass in traffic? I hope you brought an extra change of clothes, asshole.
You grab my ass? Enjoy an elbow in your face.
Snow plow revenge
How DARE you misspell my name?
Cats, a sad 5yr old daughter and a bitch of a lady
Eat my teddy grahams?!?! See what happens.
Keep taking credit for me cleaning the house, enjoy me moving out
Office Politics
Guys Wouldn't Get Off My Tennis Court While I Was Teaching
You might want to move your car...
University Professor has game
Hacking a hacker
Oh, my final is too long?
Yell at my coworker and then total your truck? Sorry no free food for you
I took a shit in roommates $300 UGG’s and wiped my ass with his pillow cases
Ditch all Apartment cleaning during Move-Out? UPDATE
The time I got my cousins uncle arrested.
Let me clean your window too while I’m at it.
Wanna hang out after having made fun of me for years? GLADLY!
Don't touch the message or he'll pull a gun on you
The Time I Got My Cousins Uncle Arrested
Revenge of The Little Bitch
How does it feel?
Want to drive with your big ass truck like an asshole while blaring shitty music? I got you.
Look who's not gonna eat now!
YouTube ads
Sure, I can print your receipt
Don't mess with my tarts.
Dear dog, you jumped up and stole my taco while I was refilling your water bowl...
Be rude to other customers? I’m gonna mess with your daily routine.
A prank gone wrong.
You ain’t getting that seat
The customer is always right, it's the law?
Ditch all Apartment cleaning during Move-Out? Alright I'll get my revenge.
Movie Theater Revenge
Don’t follow road rules? Have fun sitting behind me at a red light!!
revenge for image hosting theft
Everyone posting smell stories, reminded me of when I was a filthy bike courier.
Don't buy a train ticket and then have the nerve to ask for directions - enjoy going the wrong way... Come back to complain about it. Have a £80 ($100) fine too
Don't buy a train ticket then have the nerve to ask for directions - then enjoy going the wrong way... Come back to complain, have an £80 ($100) fine too
You were talking loud and rude next to this guy at a restaurant? It's gonna cost you!
Take that you nasty bitch
I left my cheating ex-girlfriend homeless
That "Awful Smell" Is Now "Following" YouPulling out
So you wanna come around my work to show off your new boyfriend, huh?
Don't pay for a train ticket and have the nerve to ask directions? Enjoy going the wrong way... Come back to complain. Have an £80 fine as well.
You have no power here.
Officer tries to cut ahead, it doesn't pan out
Returning a shitty diaper back to it's rightful owner.
Break the law? I’ll break your windshield.
Push over my friends? enjoy the dirty water
Went to a party with a friend who turned out to be a really mean drunk
Porch pirate asshats.
Wake me up and be rude? Freeze your butt off.
A finely-crafted payback
Creative writing teacher sucked at her job (threw a shoe at me!), but I still learned to write.
Drunk driver gets hit by drunk driver
Today I got revenge on the booger bandit.
Stinky dog revenge
My prom date ditched me, so I left him stranded.
Ditched my prom “date”
Fire me for standing up for myself? Alright enjoy your IG page being deleted
Revenge beating of my brother
Close the elevator doors? Enjoy your stops!
"Find another fucking way to do it!"
Budge in line? Have fun waiting.
Get to the back of the line!
Think you get to speak for the whole neighborhood? I'll take my time mocking you.
If anyone would like the phone number of the 9th grade boy who keeps threatening my sister (college) for nudes and won't leave either of us alone for an ongoing 6 months,
Rudeness returned two fold
Blow smoke into my bus? Hope you weren't in a hurry.
I wiped down gym equipment and it got taken when I put the spray bottle away.
Homophobic teacher gets PWNED!
Rude to me? I'll use the whole office to make you cry.
don't need your business
Pick up your own bucket
Park like a slob? Hope you like your car full of baked fart
Fake Uber driver gets a present
Wanna waste 2 minutes of my time at a stop sign? Gonna embarrass you into front of your girl
Harley’s 115th and wedding discord
Pouty Potato at a soccer match gets their view blocked
Sorry, that pothole came out of nowhere
All you had to do was show up on time...
A petty moment in my life
Neighbor gets covered in his own pee
Block our ability to park in our parking spots? Say hello to parking enforcement for me!
Look up my skirt will you?
I know a rapist.
I got my grandma good for snitchin me out to my mom
Awww need a ride to the football game little bro, then dont throw stuff at me before asking
Rude no tippers get my special sauce
You want to copy my answers even though we don't have the same version of the test? Sure go ahead. (x-post from r/maliciouscompliance)
Sexually harass me at work, have fun being thrown into detox with alcohol and drug charges. Sure that will be great for the beginning of your second semester in college.
I put hot sauce in my sisters bed.
I Did What You Wanted Me To.
THOSE neighbors
Cant
Call Me Fat? FEEL THE FAT. (On Your Foot.)
I Put Conkers In My Mum's Pillow As Revege
I've been spamming my old friend's facebook because she left without saying goodbye
We're Never Gonna Give This Up
Annoy every class for a year? Too bad you don’t get to see your friend.
Call Me Fat? FEEL THE FAT. (On your foot).
Stealing my trash roommate's room
Make us work late on the Friday before a holiday weekend? Michael Jackson has something to say to you, boss.
Petty 'Pro' Revenge
You Degraded And Controled Me. Now, Reveal Your Darkest Secret.
Degrade Me And Control Me? Reveal Your Darkest Secret.
Degrade me and control me? Reveal your darkest secret.
You don't pay rent? Your plumbing has been revoked
2109547995
I've been spamming my old friend on facebook because she left without saying goodbye
How My Tutor Lost His Book
Ghost me after messing me around and making me lose out on another possible sale.
Boss really hates LGBT People, let me hide rainbows in all my graphic designs
Don't Snipe Parking Spots
How My Tutor Lost His Book
Story of How My Tutor Lost His Job
Everyone has their own petty revenge story. Now, I have mine.
The Best Mini Pizza I've Ever Had
I have the biggest asshole housemate you could imagine, ideas for whacky things I could do to piss him off?
I must confess (even if it's to a bunch of strangers)
Not changing the wrong number I told you? Enjoy being screwed with all the time!
Don't Snipe Parking Spots.
I like to feed the ducks by my house. Anytime one nips at the others to bully them out of food, I throw some on top of it so they all chomp at its back.
Make Me Look Stupid in Front of the Whole School Year? That'll Cost You.
Won't let me have some peace after a long day at work, or when I'm sleeping... Or ever? Here's 6 hours of young people music, Grandma.
Use my e-mail to spam me after buying something from you? Enjoy your low DSR ratings.
So you want to do drugs and steal from me? Hope you enjoy your new soundtrack for life.
Need ideas
I'm on hold? You're on hold! Everybody's on hold!
Not today officer
We All Better Learn that Once a Door is Locked, It's Locked
Sorry officer, this isn't going to be your day.
Missing 25 cents? No food for you.
Won’t fire our unlicensed therapist...ok
Steal a ride from me? Enjoy your walk.
Wanna yell at the cashier? Screw your cupcakes.
Want me to refund your purchase instead because you're a cheapo? Lose more money then.
Put your foot on my chair, well prepare for pain.
Leaked
Too close for comfort? Too bad.
Stealing my Whiskey? Oh...You think I’m taking too long? Wait another week or so for your car, then.
so the 'consumer insurance association' wants to save me 300 on my car insurance. but i don't own a car.
You really should pay for your internet.
You wanna move in slow motion? Fine then so can I!
Sorry, we can't serve you.
I made this video for all the mean guests I served!
He slept with the girl I was trying to date so I stole a small bag of weed from him, but more importantly I robbed him of his piece of mind.
Blocking the DJ's equipment
Sometimes I don't take apart my hub's thermos when I wash it.
That's not how halfsies works...
suck it you deaf hating moron
Karma works well for crappy managers
The Best Scrambled Eggs I've Ever Had
Petty 'Pro' Revenge (Literally)
Enjoy your lopsided pizza
What can I do the exterior of someone’s house that doesn’t cause genuine damage but will be an absolute mission to clean up
My war on fake flash memory cards.
Shove passed me to get on the bus, get off last.
My Ongoing Battle with the Local Grocery Store
Revenge on this piece of shit
Say it's my fault that you're order during peak hours is late? Get offered a job.
Started as a vacation, ended rubbing onion on toothbrushes
After an unpleasant visit from Jehovas Witnesses a german guy secured the wordmarks for the german 'The Watchtower' and 'Awake!'
My war on fake flash memory cards.
Lose my work order, and tell me it’s not your problem? It *will* be...
I need advice on what Petty thing to do on my last day
Annoying guy makes homophobic remarks about my friend
Cheating ex messaged me, told her to fuck off and posted it to Instagram
Wanna hump my bumper? Hope you like going the speed limit
He stood in the middle of the sidewalk in New York City.
Don't Park Like a Jackass
Want to stalk me through a parking lot? Too bad for you
Old landlord took my security deposit. Sends me proof of her bad karma two years later.
The tale of Dorence Gano and his incredibly shrinking (and growing) head
Porta potty vs clean bathroom
Steal my shit, clean my shit
"Sorry, I've got a life".
Not even a raise?
Awful Coworker
He called me a Nazi so I played flute slightly out of tune for 4 years
I stole the backs to all of my mother's earings
I fed a girl a cupcake filled with dirt
"Having a second job proves you are unfit to work here". Okay! Have fun working my shifts!!
Ex-friend forced himself on me...2 years later I disguised myself as another woman, made him fall for me, and then ghosted him.
TLDR: I kicked my EX off my streaming account before she could finish GOT.
Long story short I kicked my GF off my streaming account before she could finish GOT.
The Poison Ivy Pillow
$$ diss rap
Kept getting telemarketer calls, so I pretended to have phone sex with the guy so I’d get blocked
Inventory? I don't think so!
Kissed my bully’s crush right in front of him
All mine....Bwahahahaha
Oh, were you waiting for me to leave? That's not gonna happen now.
Could’ve helped my ex win a competition. But I didn’t.
I wasn't allowed to sit at the "cool table" in elementary school so I gave my seat to someone they hated even more than me
I became a moderator on a subreddit... then removed all of the other moderators and took over.
On the do not call list, but kept getting a telemarketer call for “a free cruise” so I pretended to have phone sex with him to get blocked
GF betrayed me, I made her flunk her last year in High School
Broke up a frat party
Act like a jerk? Enjoy your stupid vegetables then.
A post from my university’s confessions page
I could have been the adult in the situation, but tbh, these kids are assholes...
Flirt and fuck around with my ex behind my back? well then I’ll make sure the school knows your dirty little secret.
Cancel me at the last second? It'll cost ya!
Childhood friend told me to drown myself when he asked how I'd been doing and I told him I was disabled, ends up in jail because he can't stop breaking the law and is upset I'm not doing favors for him.
Childhood friend told me to drown myself when he asked how I'd been doing and I told him I was disabled, ends up in jail because he can't stop breaking the law and is upset I'm not doing favors for him.
You wanna have my seat? Sure, have my coffee too!
Can I ask for advice?
You say you don't like me? I can live with that.
Waste my time and lie to me? I’ll get what I want and I don’t mind waiting.
Quit on the spot before the close out sales
Racism! At the International Film Festival
I really don't like my ex cable provider.
Don’t kick me out of our housing plan
My uterus got petty revenge on myself
Don't be a dick to people you work with.
5755139646
You think you can talk shit about me while I’m doing chores? Enjoy doing them
Keep Your Hands to Yourself
Demote me because i'm almost finished with school? good luck.
Neighbor attempts to make neighborhood shitty after he gets HOA complaints over stupid shit.
Girl I really liked rejected me, but I had sex with her best friend without knowing
No Trivia Glory For You
"Back stabbing liars."
Drop your entire coincollection at my station, have fun
Park in my spot, wait for a while for me to complete my workout.
So you wanna park your Ferrari like an asshole?
You think you're entitled to service after we close? I hope you can pay.
I know where to sign a document!
Take my $10? Say bye bye to $60 and your business!
...Ex best friend called me creepy for no reason sooooo I threw shade at her in such a way that she can’t even give me a reply
Pettiness against a climate change denying senator
Honk outside my house every dang day, will ya?
Cop tried to get me for 5MPH over to meet his end of month quota, I wasn’t having it.
Refuse to give your details... A call from the police will wake you up.
Cocky much? I can fix that
my best friend got roommate revenge on our ex-friend (and her ex-roomie)
Quit before the busiest day of the year
Got someone kicked out my friend group but sympathy is for the weak
“I only married her for the greencard...”Yell at me for missing crumbs on the carpet? I'll make you vacuum the carpet endlessly.
"Reject" me? Have fun in the heat.
Custody of the salt and pepper mills
Too cheap to pay for cable? No TV for you!
Don't cheat on mom after 14 years
Craft teacher attempts to poison us.
Argue with me over 30 cents? I'll take $25 instead.
Parking Spot Story with a Twist - Petty Revenge Goes VERY Wrong
Egging house for revenge (TO BE CONTINUED)
Accidental revenge in fast food
Need an idea on how to get petty revenge on a Nasty Woman
Employee lies about your performance to your boss? Enjoy the spam calls.
Dont have a bathroom for a 3 year old girl? Nvm its no longer an issue.
So you keep bringing your dog to poop in front of my house? (Oldest trick in the book)
10 years later, we still laugh.
Exotic animal trainer neighbor couldn't keep his animals contained
Won't show me your Gameboy? Cool.
Objectionable Olga and the clown incident (xpost from JNMIL)
School lets valedictorian cheat on final, I get petty with a typo
My Dick is bigger than yours
Sorry Sir That’s My Sandwich
Ask to get paid for your 'work' 7 years later? OK then.
Have sex loudly while the walls are thin? How about listening to the Monster Mash on repeat.
Cheating grandfather gets breakfast 20 minutes late
Did you just honk at me?! Huh, ok.
Wrong number revenge
You shouldn't have bullied my friend in the first grade, ya creep.
You shouldn't have bullied my friend in 1st grade.
Belittle my gear during a jamsession? Enjoy seeing your dream instrument on a stand on stage, locked.
I was told you guys might like my story about how I shut off my ISP support offices wifi since they refused to fix mine.
A (literal) sweet revenge
School bully gets caught red-handed.
Little inconveniences = petty revenge
I flash my lights at speeding vehicles.
Kid gets me detention for 2 days, but I pay him back with 3
Kids got kicked from a school, I caused their books to be unbalanced for over a year.
Yeah, I’ll make you a sandwich.
Too drunk to go to work? Too bad.
I'm just doing my job. Pay extra to be rude :)
A bank customer scorned
A small revenge
Petty revenge over some silly matter. 8 years later. Worth it.
Patriotic Post-it Revenge
Smacking pie in the face of a classmate I hated
Small, but it screwed up the monthly reports
Short me 15 minutes of pay that you required me to work take 15,000$ in osha fines.
Hi, can I ask what internet provider you currently subscribe to?
Look at me now b**ch
Petty revenge from the 17th century
You want shaders?
Steal my umbrella, get a glitter shower.
Right place at the right time
Scam and harass my grandma? I'll waste your time incessantly.
car park rage
Blind revenge.
Just because you drive a convertible doesn't mean you own the road
Moisturize well
What valve? The story of my petty revenge on people who fucked me over on housing.
Posted this on r/Confessions earlier, but I feel like it fits well here too
Parking Lot Rage
Sarcastic Cruising
Insurance wouldn't authorize one of my patients- so I spammed their fax
I hate my coworker/ex-pal that I work a few feet from. I silence my sneezes so that I don't have to hear her say "bless you"
Make me retake a test for no reason, I'll waste your time.
Apparently I Didn't Have the Right of Way?
If you punch the beast, the beast will inevitably punch you back eventually.
I work at an amusement park, guests are rude but here’s my favourite story.
Homophobics unknowingly support homosexuals
I got my money back from a ticket scalping site.
So you're the shit and no one can live without your existence. Have fun doing it by yourself.
I am the Lord of my Domain
You and You are Mugs Are Gardening Tools
Conference call, in the bathroom
Told ya!
Fire me on the spot for a bullsh*t reason and blame me for not doing my job? Ok, I’ll play that game.
Ran up a Discover Credit Card for 72k without paying a dime.
How my uncle cost a car dealership $300k
How to question on sending messages from accounts without being in them?
Narcissist gets a taste of his own medicine
I got my homophonic uncle to unwittingly hire an AWESOME transgender candidate
This guy just stopped in front of me in a right hand turn only lane and threw on his hazards.
Recline on a 30 minute flight? :)
Call me nosy ? Get slimed
A Night In The Life Of A Bus Driver
His face dropped!!! When he found out .
Cheat? I’ll tell your mom.
You won't respect my views, I'll smash your car door
So you made a mistake....Sure blame me!
I was given a fair dose of power.
Neighbor had my car towed for nothing. I need some petty revenge
Scammer calls after being told to stop calling, I mess with him.
Shame me for being hit in the eye by chalk? Have fun getting fired
Kick me out for your personal problem, let see you handle your work problem.
You can make two beds then
Don't plagiarize your section of the group project if you want good group member feedback.
I keep a list of of reddit users who have called me names. Every once in a while I go through it and downvote all their comments and posts.
Be an asshole to my coworker? No well done pizza for you!
Buy weed on debt, don't pay me back? You won't be getting any of the jackpot!
payback
Take my Pencil? I'll take it back!A Flight Attendant Screamed at My Grandfather
Try to make me do illegal/shady stuff and I'll make sure that everyone knows about it.
Don't like my music? Sure, I'll change it!
Enjoy your nice cold nap.
Want to prank the bullied girl? Fear my social unawareness!
I showed up my classmates on a group project, sorry, not sorry.
Put your feet up? Nah I needed a workout anyways.
If you are going to cheat, do it better.
Want to enjoy your TV/radio at high volumes late at night? Enjoy some disturbing static noise with the brother's compliments.
Yes, I understand it's a public street; now let's learn the difference between legality and civility, ok?
I need help!!!!
Sleep through the alarm that wakes me up? Enjoy "the bird is the word" at full volume while I go out.
Want double bags? Be my guest!
Another bad neighbor story.
You copy my work? Okay, fine. Lie about? Let me share your grade with the class.
"Hey muchacha!"
Revenge Advice
Minty-fresh revenge.
My ex wouldn’t stop calling me no matter how many times I asked politely. Feel the petty wrath.
“Get me fired for a free margarita? Bitch, I’ll get you fired for free sweatpants”
Not a story, need suggestions. Last day at my job is Wednesday, so I wore jeans because my calendar is clear. Boss says I need to still adhere to dress code.
Be a bitch? Let me sleep on that
Everybody hates me and ill never get my revenge.
Don't try and scam me out of money. Karma will bite you in the ass.
[Request] Help me get revenge on Wesley.
Oh you spent $300 on your Fortnite character? Let’s make sure it gets a lot of use.
Don’t mess with my kid, kid.
You want to play Foosball with me after you just stole from me?
Bully and underpay me? Guess I’ll just get you demoted
Think you're untouchable? Think again.
Bumper Car Battle
I'm gay. I had an older, extremely homophobic coworker, and it sucked to even be around him even though he didn't know. But I fucking got him and made his life miserable.
Ruin my photo? I'll ruin all of yours.
Trying to hit on my girlfriend? I swear you (used) to have one 😇
Get my dog almost hit by a car? Guess you can’t drive anymore.
What’s an innocent yet really annoying way to get back at someone?
Mow the her yard even though it was cut yesterday.
Want to ram us on go-karts? Prepare for some good revenge
Tweedledum never shut up in class so I destroyed his sociology grade
You're going to wait weather you like it or not
Beat all my times in Wave Race 64? Now they're gone.
Honk at me...take this ticket
Don't pick up after your dog? Fine by me.
Be an obnoxious dick? Have fun staring at the ground for the remainder of the concert
Be a dick to the handicapped? Here is your cart back.
Can't stop backseating? I think otherwise.
Can't stop backseating the concert? I think otherwise.
Take credit for me doing your chores? Enjoy your ass breath.
Cant justify paying me more? I cant justify working for you anymore.
Small drain wastes 30 million gallons of water to get back at local government for placing watering restrictions
Be a dick to the handicapped? Here is your cart back.
6th Grade Bully
You want a Laptop?
Small town wastes 30 MILLION gallons of water to get back at city council for restricting their water and fining them
Teenager plays online roleplay game as a bartender then plots to poison everyone in the videogame
I’m a petty asshole to my bf (I posted this to r/confessions but they told me I should post it here)
Petty period
The crying 3rd grader
treat me and coworkers like crap? enjoy the loss of your GMO crops
Coulda Been Me!
Treat me like shit? No more car rides for you!
I WAS going to tip you, until that.
Try to tow my car? We'll see
A girl did an overnight visit of University campus and was so horrific to her student host that her admission was RESCINDED
Exacting revenge on package thieves
Just Cashing My BonusGuy harrasing girl to tears, need peoples help to make him stop.
Reported for Drinking
Bank opens account with friend's name incorrectly
Arcade revenge
"Hurry up! Play some games!" said the voice over the intercom.
Went out on a High Note
I’m no longer needed? Hope you don’t beg me to come back two months later!
Bingo, bango, sugar in the gas tank.
Lean back on my legroom, lose your head hairs ya badlie fuck.
You really need the quiz answers?
Just made someone's brat cry
Revenge on an early riser
How do you like your football field now?
Flip people off? How's that working out for you?
That Phone Was The Worst Idea Ever
Never heckle your flight attendant
Drunk asshole is very lucky
I left smoked salmon umderneath my terrible roomate's mattress.
I left smoked salmon underneath my terrinle roommate's mattress.
Going back on your word? That'll cost ya.
Enjoy your speeding ticket annoying tailgater.
Steak from family, get phantom wedding gifts!
A little revenge before leaving toxic co-workers
Gay drama teacher shuts down homophobic mom
Be nice to call center reps
I accidentally texted my best friend’s ex &amp; I had to be a little petty
12 Year old gets revenge
Trucker cuts me off and almost kills me to save himself time
Ex Tried to Make Things Hard, So I Made Things Even Harder
Revenge via snailmail
Bad Breakup Revenge
Steal from a dying man? Enjoy your phantom wedding gifts!
Best friend ghosts me so I keep using her cable login.
The Sun embedded my tweet today. I don't like The Sun.
You won't turn down the volume? I'll make sure you can't listen to the music
Wipe your fanny with sandpaper for a week.
Let's just make life a little lighter. [How about this for a revenge?](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07FK8643J)
A woman in Slovakia who played La Traviata by Giuseppe Verdi on loop in her abandoned house (nicknamed "Singing House") from 6 AM to 10 PM for 16 years straight (as a revenge for a neighbor's barking dog), has been finally arrested
Mess with me, I'll mess with your internet
Evil Stepmother plays herself
Quel culot cette dame
Deprive sleep to 8 strangers? Enjoy having no working phone on your trip abroad.
Made my friend choose, and he chose me.
Embarrass me? Go home bare-assed.
My old foster brother
Connect four more like stop being overconfident
Never wash my pan? Fine.
Just done with rude customers and their lack of social skills
Hog up all the internet I pay for? Have fun with even slower speeds.
I’ll help you pack alright...
For years my neighbor has been horrible to my family, so we take any victory we can get
Can't move your chair? Tough luck.
Organic Pet Care Products Company, Pet Products Manufacturer and Supplier - One Touch Natural
Making my sister uncomfortable? Have fun getting a heart attack.
Make me wet? Enjoy getting eaten!
Oh so petty but oh so sweet
As a barista, I would switch people's orders if they complained about their drinks.
Don't Push People into Elevators
Never let me win? I'll destroy your pride!
Park like an idiot, enjoy the early wake up.
take photos of us without permission? okay!
Hope you enjoy your coffee that is high in iron
Recruitment dodging Douchbag
How to be petty, yet productive
Take my leg room? I don't think so.
Knock me with your bag and don't apologise? Okay.
Submitting a complaint as a customer is the only way to get the manager's attention
Don't be a bi*ch
Actions have consequences
My roommate has one more strike before I initiate Plan: Exposed Kitty.
My Girlfriend Trolling My Racist Neighbor
Lie to my face when I'm letting you stay at my house for free?
Sit down without asking? OK.
He wouldn't get his stuff - so I helped pack with some extra
Have fun doing your research
You want to decline my warranty? Give me those headphones!
Ass-cream cheese
The long game: don't call me a bitch
Treat my kids like shit, get embarrassed in front of your stuffy friends
Cheat on several guys? Cool, lets make sure all of your friends and family know what kind of person you really are.
Sorry but your appointment has been cancelled
Old petty revenge story from when I still was a kid.
You done played yourself
On behalf of my office manager....
Noisy late night upstairs neighbor, I hope you enjoy my early morning vacuuming.
Snot your bathroom
My co-worker led me on and ghosted me so I made her job a whole lot worse.
Bullies harass me because I wear hearing aids. I turn them off.
4 phone calls too many
When I was a kid, around 8, I poured a bag of chips on the ground and blamed my then step-sister causing her to get in trouble and making her cry
We are not your barbies
Two can play at that game
Up yours managers
I’m your (domain) master now
Trying to Lowball Me On My Organ.
Can't move your car because you're sleeping..?
Can't get a direct revenge on my brother? Alright.
Can't get a direct revenge from my brother? Fine.
So I worked for a company where very little work happened, but rumors and gossip were bountiful.....
Accuse me of stealing? Have fun getting out the train station.Wore the wrong underwear, now the costume director is going after me in the most petty way possible
I told my [20M] coworkers parents that he’s [20M] gay because he was spreading gossip about me
Stop stealing from me!
Dad's Dog Doo Dilemma
Steam Pre Order
no valid return address is no problem
Neighbor threw a mattress on the street a few weeks ago.
test
Foot up my butt? Okay.
Justice for Pizza Delivery Man!
Cheated on me and now you're on your 5th Divorce.
Drive thru revenge...
Lay me off and then repost my job? I saw that...
don’t make racist comments or say goodbye to all your school materials
I got mad at a taxi driver
Separate me from my kids? Have fun with the sick one.
Wrong Number
So you feel like lying to me repeatedly, huh?
Make fun of my effort to stay healthy? Time to know you’re still fat fuck after all that workout
The bagpipe man
You want to park your Mercedes over the line? That's cool, I got all day too.
Adding secret toppings to horribly rude customers.
Friend-dump me and make me look like the devil incarnate? Miss out on replying to the stuff your friend posts.
Poop will smell up a room in minutes.
Call this number
Ass on a flight gets a downgrade.
Make my kid feel guilty then lie to me? Fine, no puppy love for you!
I know I should feel bad about getting someone deported but I really don't
The Poopening
Top gunned
The Day Sam Blew His Cool
Stick your hairy arm in my face; enjoy your videos
He's going to have to work now
Terrible roommate, petty revenge
Ain't no rest for the wicked.
Tell me I'm behind in rent, feel my tiny bureaucratic wrath.
Saw my Ex wife with her new husband and baby...
My mother came up with an absurdly petty punishment for me to control how I wear my underwear despite my being 18
Car troubles?
No desert for you don't mean no desert for me
"I'm gonna call the cops on you"
Girl goes to the gym
I have to strip desk for PCI compliance? Enjoy the corporate audit.
Tractor club vs Douche Camry driver
Listen to bad music? Don’t mind if I sing along!
3 strikes and I’m out.
Block my car in? I'll ram your car to get out.
Foot Massage
"im sorry but you dont cut my paycheck"
Red red period head.
Enjoy paying $300
You'll put ham on the sanwiches? Suit yourself cunt
Marry a narcissist who treats your daughter like crap? ... 20 years later, the joke is on you!
Marry someone who treats your daughter like crap? ... 20 years later, the joke is on you!
SHE SLEPT WITH WHO???
My car smelled so good
On street parking woes
The best petty revenge is the kind that takes 7 months to come into fruition.
The URL for one of my competitors expired. It is ours now.
Fake friend used to spam me with shit about how I was not worth it and should die...
Get your dick sucked my girl? Enjoy smoking that bowl of K2.
Cleaning my room
Be an ass? Enjoy the cold feet.
"If it says its $25 its $25" story from my Uncle
Revenge on a bad neighbour who stole my ball: neighbourhood chronicles.
I need you all to jump in with me
Lugs or Drugs
Got my revenge and more on an unethical Lyft driver!
You want some space? I'LL give you some space!
No more fortnite for you then
I'm sure everyone has gotten some of these.....
Petty revenge EMS style
Trick me into scabbing for you?
He soiled his chance with me, but he also soiled his underwear.
Tell me I’m taking a long time, I’ll show you a long time.
is there a way for someone to find out If I register their email at MailBait?
Embarrassing clothes, eh?
The man who replaced me at my last job has been trying to tarnish my legacy, so in return I slept with his wife and children
Nursing Home Pettiness
Wakey wakey, assholes!
Ghosting scumbag
I'd like a happy meal with my service, if you would be so kind.
For shame
If I'm falling down, I'm taking you with me
Can’t take feedback? No more drinks for you.
Revenge at a Funeral
Killing them with kindness
don't call me fat, sis
Some coworker being needlessly rude
Caught my partner cheating by swapping my number in his phone with the other woman
Tell me to do my job more thoroughly, ok I'll just take yours.
Not including me in the project? Enjoy redoing the same year of high school.
Anyone have ideas on how to do subtle revenge while annoying the crap out of someone?
Good luck trying to run your business without receiving your letters from the tax office, your insurance co., or your bank.
They laid me off so I poached their best employee
Don't be an ass about making change next time.
Drive on the pedestrian riverside road,take your time
Kit-kat (Augustus Gloop) my roommate and cancelled Disney ticket
Leave me homeless? Forget about that job you needed.
Pettiness RhapsodyAvoid paying child support? Queue the legal system.
3 days ago our landlord was rude because we asked for our walkout receipt. Today he sent us a check for 650 dollars.
World’s Worst Airline Passenger
Naughty mother? Santa is checking his list twice
If you park in the unloading spot for a wheelchair lift and leave them unable to get in, your car may never smell the same again.
HOA lady president threw the 1st punch
Our roommate kept eating our food
Ban me for 3 days? I’ll waste 20 days of yours
Write on my hoody? I'll freeze up your phone.
Referee threatened with lawsuit. Get small little revenges along the way
The Statue 'An IRL Story About My Ex-Boyfriend's Stupid Decisions'
Don't reply for 5 months? Let's see how you like it.
That group must have a ticket, a page, an email, and all 4 contacts must be called.
Rude to me? No salad for you
I keep finding my mum’s hair in the bathtub, so I decided to shave a part of my leg hair as a revenge.
Aggressively Tailgate me, Enjoy your Speeding Ticket.
In college, I worked retail and some horribly rude woman told her 12 year old daughter "This is why you go to college."
You wanna jump on top of my RV ya little wanker? Well, how about I scare the shite right outta ya?
Scammer tries to fraud me. I make them listen to
Cheat me out of the captain position? Fine.
"I hate these dumb mother-fuckers"
My Boss's Petty Revenge
I hate cigarette (some) smokers...
Steal out chest? We’ll make sure to make up for it by making you fail the mission and wasting 15 minutes of your time
Enough F*#@ing Mayo Already!!
See what happens when you steal my shit, then report me to the police for stealing money from you
Try to lie and scam my job? I’ll give you a nice scare and then ban you for life.
She took the revenge on herself.
Threw her Textbook out
We can now only listen to two radio stations at work. It's Christmas in July.
Don’t want to let me in? Enjoy 20+ cars getting in front of you.
I just reported my sister’s semi-abusive boyfriend to my local sheriff for driving his motorcycle while unregistered/no tags!
The Donald, Trumped.
Make me wait over an hour for my prescription? And the next gets it taken care of in 2 minutes? Watch how slow I can check out!
Don’t t want to clean ur own puke clean mine instead
Think you can take advantage of good nature .. Think again!
Delete the games on my girlfriend's PC? I'll delete 2 dlls out of the games you play.
Shopkeeper Accuses Me if Stealing, so I Buy Something From Next Door.
Ghost me? I’ll make it awkward
Thought that we wouldn't know if you talk in another language? Think again.
You want to break my cup. Good luck when I don’t use cups.
You wanna wear tough guys pants? Good luck cleaning them tomorrow.
You want to be a disrespectful, self centered Douchbag? Enjoy your language barrier.
Yell at me for trying to help you? Have fun paying $200 extra
What goes around comes around
You want to literally breathe down my neck?! Well, I'll just embarrass you on the interwebz. (Also, paying a quarter of the requested dog tax.)
Customer wanted a discount when it was already on sale; I fought back, ninja-style.
If smelly feet is what you want, that's what you're gonna get
You’re going to be a terrible customer every week? Enjoy your night alone sir!
I need to vent and advice
Don't be rude to my guests
Getting fare.
Like an arrow to the knee
Petty answer. Retail petty revenge on fat bitch
Wanna act like an insane person? Have fun playing all by yourself
Got cat-called while walking my dog, found a good way to responsibly dispose of my dog's waste
Retail petty revenge on fat bitch
Scream "sl*t" at me after getting rejected? Kiss your glasses goodbye.
Cut into the bicycle lane to save a few seconds? Okay.
Tiny revenge on racist, gaslighting prof
Classic co-worker petty
You wanna wear tough guys pants? Good luck cleaning them tomorrow.
You wanna wear though guys pants? Good luck cleaning them tomorrow.
Retail petty revenge turned me on.
Guy was a dick to me in a video game.
“Please hold and I’ll get my manager for you.”
Animal abusers don't deserve animals.
Boots or teeth?
Try to Intimidate my disabled neighbor? I'll make sure you get dropped by your sponsors.
Throw a fit that you can no longer control me? Have fun replaprecious apple thingcing your
Retail petty revenge on skinny bitch
Sure I'll replace my blinds...
A long wait for a petty turn around.
"Honey, can you help me with my X-Box?"
Rude to your barista? Enjoy your decaf
Got revenge on the people who mistreated my dad for years.
Honks horn at me while I'm turning into my apartment building.
For those small victories of those who have wronged you. I’m not going to murder you.
What goes around...
I was just being nice.
I hope you enjoy being fat.
Revenge is a very cold and salty dish
After two years, revenge is cold and so very sweet
Feel like pushing in the airport queue? Not today, madam.
Lure me into your guesthouse with misleading advertising? I'll make your "optional extras" free...
Have a taste of your own sauce
Be a dick every day? I'll annoy with your own rules
Dad keeps downing everything good thing in the house. How much laxatives should I spike our coke bottles with?
Keep bumping into me? Enjoy a stained shirt...
I am not a free taxi service.
Here’s Your Shit
Ride my ass in a traffic jam? I’ll let every extended member of the Brady Bunch get in front of me.
Tell me to get a real job? You don’t get to ride (:
Lie to your boyfriend, treat him like crap, and force him to hate me? You'll see what happens when you break up with him.
Horrible Neighbors.
Put away your trash can
Drive behind me with your high beams on? Enjoy traveling at 20 miles per hour.
Tell me to shut the fuck up and call me a bitch? Ok.
Wanna be an asshole because you didn't like a rug?
Can't be bothered to move your boat? Let me help you.Gee, I dunno, somebody must've bought them all.
Cut me off in the parking lot? Fine.
Jerk to co-workers? Enjoy your mild inconvenience.
Steal my parking spot, enjoy walking!
I finally got my revenge on my leader
Friends wasted my time so I wasted theirs
Want to try to screw 20+ people over? Good luck.
Newsflash: Other People Exist
I hate my apartment manager and I want to make her job harder
You think you can get away without doing your part of the paper? Enjoy doing the whole paper in one day!
Stop! Wait a minute
Don't want your dog anymore? What if he was the fastest dog in the world?
Be in an unreasonable nitpicky mood?
Ex girlfriend [24 F] destroyed my [26 M] heart and soul; am I justified in ruining her relationship?
"You're Done? Good. I'm Done, Too."
Try to run me over!
Revenge is a dish best served... *Cold*
No coffee for Dick
Copy everything I​ do to win a breakup? Try copying photoshop!
So I work in a pizza shop.
Unremorsefully cut and took my gas pump? Don't be surprised to see an odd key scratch on that pretty paint
"Do NOT go on your phone again"
Take my Happy Meals? Enjoy
Hit me with a water gun? Two can play at that game.
Do my job? To the letter.
Don't talk about strangers in front of them in your native language... they might understand.
Hate on my ex-religion in the comments and harass me? Watch the whole post get removed.
Keep your hi-beams on? Fine, I'll show you mine!
Don't insult my engagement ring! 💍
Want to get engaged at my wedding?
Try to make me wait 3 weeks for a refund you can wait 3 weeks for your product.
This is what happens when you mess with people who are just done with LA traffic
Jerk kids got what’s coming for them
Not terribly Christian of you, brother!
Ain't so tough now are you?
Buy a coffee and keep the change instead of leaving a tip?
No thank you's for this bus driver &gt;:(
A lesson in tolerance
Try to run me over? I'm sure that parking spot will be available any second now.
Try and use my wifi for free? We’ll see...
Petty Teacher's Revenge
Spam Caller Messed Up
Be a jerk over $10 while advertising your business? You get a bad review
Berating a poor cashier in a sling backfires (and I didn’t have to lift a finger)
This is my idea and I need all you lovely petty people to give opinions
Don't hate on my pitbulls.
Got revenge on my girlfriends family at church today
Blatantly lie to my face? Sure, I'll make you uncomfortable.
Park your truck in our shared driveway? Have fun with a fine.
This coffee won't taste as nice
Text me after 10 PM regarding business? I will text you back at 4 AM, in multiple messages, then turn my phone off and go back to sleep.
Steal my seat? Guess I will do nothing...
Girls may want to have fun, but strangers want peace and quiet on a plane
I prosecuted a fuckhead neighbor from vandalizing my car.
Be unnecessarily rude to me? Have fun watching Infinity War.
I like to keep my neighbours inside with various kinds of heavy rock/metal
My friend(guy I used to know after this incident) spoiled the ending of The Half Blood Prince for me. I didn't forget....
I used a univeral remote app on my phone to change the channel relentlessly on my husband.
I know my GF cheated on me bc of her old iphone she gave me today. She will find out in about 6hrs and loose a couple of hundred euros.
This kid from Serbia hacked my Rockstar Social Club Account. He also left his Facebook account and Gmail linked to it. Any ideas on a way to teach this kid to stop hacking into peoples accounts?
Horrible boss; meet exuberant salesman.
He didn’t come back for more “Jooce” : babysitting a thirsty toddler
Revenge is best served at a wedding
Old Lady Gets Banned.
Need help choosing my petty revenge against the neighbourhood kids
It's small but makes me feel good
Almost hit me with your car? Now you have to wait a couple more seconds for the elevator.
I pretended to be a big developer's director, to get pretty revenge on rude white trash.
Sulk and slam around? Enjoy the beeping.
Tiny driving revenge
I stopped a kid playing fortnite
Not contribute to the project? Okay.
Show up an hour and a half past your appointment time and yell at my roommate? Okay.
Housemate pissing in my jug
Keep calling me? Enjoy your financial loss and angry customers.
Petty patient revenge at the hospital
Petty Revenge help?
I stopped a kid playing his Xbox
Enjoy your business-meeting booking for 10
Hung by your own honors cord
Greedy husband - meet newly greedy wife!
AP Human Geography teacher required us to write weekly essay
Want to steal my stuff and be a bad roommate? Have fun with a giant bill.
Got back at bully in first grade by hardcore pranking him, petty but effective I guess
Bully thinks he can control other kids? My first grade self thought it would be hilarious if he was pranked a little
Wake me up with fireworks at 4am? Now Alexa will wake you up with fireworks.
Cut me in line? I’ll cut you and everyone else fair and square!
Leave me alone with the mentally ill homeless woman? Fine, I’ll make sure she shows you her new tattoo too!
The saltiest prostitute I know
While I was in 4th grade I got back at my bully by secretly eating his lunch
Have fun leveling back to max
Change plans at the last second to inconvenience me? Enjoy waiting hours outside in Texas heat!
Nearly cause an accident and then tell my boss it was my fault? I hope your son enjoys the rest of his summer.
Think I stole your shitty phone? Hope you know Chinese.
Your why I voted for Trump
Be rude to me at the wedding you invited me to? No food processor for you
Keep touching my hand? Get ready for a stump.
The Tale of the Dragon MILF
Be a jerk to me on the plane, have fun sleeping!
Your time isn't more valuable than everyone else's in trafficWalk in my path, get run over.
Revenge is a dish best served numb.
Campground kicks us out for no good reason, so I use up their wifi
You're Going to Throw a Handful of Change at Me at MY Job? Whoops, You Dropped Your Work ID/Clock-In Card, Let Me Return That to Your Job/Manager at Yours
Camaro Double Parked
Is this your spot?
Make me lift heavy flat-pack furniture on my own? Enjoy a pile of steaming wet shirts on your desk.
I’m not above embarrassing 12 year olds, especially when I see them stealing.
I'll take those two bucks back, and your dignity...
Make the last hour of my shift even worse? I’ll be taking those two bucks back, and your dignity.
Revenge is a dish best served numb.
Make the last hour of my friend’s already shitty shift even worse? Fine. I’ll be taking those two bucks back now, as well as your dignity.
Risk my dogs life? Have fun cleaning your windshield.
THIS SICK FUCK MOLESTED MY DAUGHTER AT CIRCLE K IN PHOENIX AZ YESTERDAY
I fucked my ex out of a military career
“I’ll let you know”
Think you’re slick? Have fun being exposed to everyone we know
Piss pop
A Little Off-Key
Come through my cash after closing time? Hope you like squished grapes
Overhead Bin is Your Only Option
Eat shit, golddigger
My solution to the INDIAN SCAMMERS CALL CENTERS IRS/CRA
Vegetarian revenge
Decade old revenge over some stupid software.
Be an asshole when when I ask if you need help? No help for you.
Minor &amp; Petty Housemate Revenge
You all are going to be asses? Well let me learn you the hard way, then.
Lock me out of my phone? Watch me get into your facebook.
If you don't have the time, don't expect to shine
You steal my ear phones, you can’t charge your phone
When You Get Screwed And They Move
Got revenge on my brother and got to skip school the next day!
That time I screwed up my ex's career.
High school bullies have just been hired my lawn care service.
Don't supply what you said, I'll have my money and some.
Have your followers Threaten me? Let me crash your Instagram.
Don’t ever give me one star.
The cat is the petty one.
Passive Aggressive GF
Trusting a person you crossed is no good idea.
Give my manager an attatude, enjoy no beer.
Give me a bad review and I spam you afterwards.
Works on EVERYONE
Circle Game? This is my town
Ordering Dominos.
Breed Spotlight: Scottish Deerhound
Cut me off while driving? Get into an accident!
Tell me the doctor who saw me for an emergency room visit is “Out-of-Network”? You’ll get your money, eventually...
You both damaged our connecting fences and want me to replace it...good luck
neighbors damage the fence and want me to take care of it....ok
Client loses her mind trying to make me lose mine.
Blame me for your shoplifting? I don’t think so.
That Won't Come Out in The Wash
The Only Time I Asked For Someone's Two Cents
Got awful poke after terrible service, went to Yelp.
Leave your single dirty spoon in the sink every morning? Get your daily coffee five minutes later from now on... And I hope you lose that commission.
The Customer who never tips and the owners who never pay
Don’t steal my gum.
Tit for tat
Loudmouth Americans
My Neighbor Called the Cops on Me for a Noise Complaint After My Team Won the Super Bowl. I Told Her Boyfriend About Her Other Boyfriend.
Make my childs pet chickens have to die because of your lies? Enjoy waking up early to noisy kids!
Hey man, I'm on vacation! (repost from /r/MaliciousCompliance)
Are these what you’re looking for?
Make fun of me for getting an aisle seat? You can have it then.
Cut me off in traffic? Time to go postal
You're impatient and I'm lazy
The customer who never tips and the owners who never pay
The customer that never tips and the owners that never pay
Tiny tasting revenge
Neighbor mows on my side of the lawn and ignores the doorbell when I ring it, enjoy all of these tree branches and pebbles
Misleadingly advertising your hotel won't always force guests to pay your stupid charges...
Bums like dirty toothbrushes, right?
Customer who never tips and owners who never pay.
Wait for the next elevator
Daughter gets revenge on slime stealing bully!
Message my wife asking for an affair, maybe your wife will find out.
Step on my brand new shoes? Have fun fishing yours out of the toilet.
Got a jerk receptionist when I called a business. Need Help
Counter-thieving at its pettiest
Use the wrong dumpster? You'll have to throw it away more than once.
Revenge on a dog
Keep teasing me after I’ve politely asked you to stop?
Housemate didn't wash dishes, and didn't clean shower. Chemical warfare ensued
Enjoy your late days!
Shitty Ex Bfs get what they deserve
Baby, let me write one last song for you. You'll love it.
Got your neck meets petroleum jelly!
Courtesy of Humans of New York: Think I'm going to steal from the store because I'm black? Might as well toy with you
Kids get taught - humility
Call me an idiot? I've got plenty of time
Let the law dish out the revenge for you
Changed his tea
Human of New York Gets Her Petty Revenge
My Little Checklist
Give me over priced water? I’ll give you some water back!
Woebegone Workbook Whammy
I'll roll it right back
PETTY HIGH SCHOOL REVENGE BACKFIRES, BUT NOT REALLY.Little turd constantly annoys people in the swimming pool until he gets schooled
Do not loose your workbooks!
Play Nice
God forbid her cheapass/idolized thermal was ruined.. STOP buying cheap shit then...
Cut my line in a queue? I’ll step on you!
Paper or plastic? None, thank you.
Don’t be a jerk when you’re wearing your work uniform.
living well, hurting hard
Mailman signs off on my mail, I complain, he complains back..
Stealing my buddies cash. Time for payback
I slam the banhammer!
Impatient road raging sports car guy gets to wait... and wait.
A lazy professor is delaying my process of transferring because she still isn’t done with grades, and I’m going to fight back.
No, you can't sit here. But she can..
Making crazy demands when buying my house, threatening me with your dad's lawyers? You should probably change the accounts on the smart home devices.
Want to wake me up with your sex early in the morning? Hope you metal! (L)
Technology trumps horse grump
She who grabs the bacon
Think You Can Get Away With Bullying Me Just Because You’re Older Than Me? Think Again
My cousin is an evil bitch
Email bomb?
I'm not sure what to title this, but I did something pretty nuts.
"Thanks, Bob"
Violate a YIELD sign,a STOP sign, and the speed limit? Yield your keys, and stop driving for a while.
Losing my Shit in Translation
Steal my Switch? Let me use some revenge I learned from Reddit.
"Thanks, Bob"
Want to be a dick boss? Fine! Enjoy spending 3 hours fixing the ice cream machine alone, while we waste your time counting only ones.
Will a sock covered in tuna juice attract flies?
What the Hail?!
Beyond Petty
Playing with the Devil’s Advocate
This is “I’m about to” petty revenge. Please give input if you have any.
I don't count change.
You want to steal from your fellow co-workers? Ok, have this too!
I called the cops because my roommate got into a one-sided scream fest with me because I placed his trashcan incorrectly. Revenge starts tommorrow.
Racquetball Douchecanoe gets destroyed
Credit where it’s due
Summer interns
Screw me out a paycheck by spending all the company money? Cool. I own your business now.
Setting my trash talking MiL in place..
Show your ass? No guac for you
Steal my gym? No problem, I’ll wast your time
Interloping poopers get laughed away
Extra noisy in a hotel room? Enjoy an early wake up call
You think just because of my accent I can’t speak Spanish?
Reject my free laptop? Enjoy having your kids scream at you and having no computer.
Short and sweet
On the receiving end of a pretty persistent caller
Latent revenge
Loudmouth roommate's gf, berates me about my faith when I desperately needed sleep. Good by roomie and loudmouth gf, hello 2 fraternity bros
screw with my dad, ill tell you how i feel about you!
Well-aged revenge
Steal my sense of security? I'll steal your stuff. [Long]
Owner won’t come in to learn his own store
Refuse to pay for work completed? Enjoy having your company website redirect to pornhub.
Massage spa charging me a same-day cancellation fine for an appointment I never wanted, and tried to cancel the day before. I found out just how petty I could get over $50.
Want to throw all your trash out of your car on the highway? Have fun never going over 50mph
Don't mess with the Festival of Freedom
Have fun cutting THAT line.
Yell at me for leaving a book in your classroom? I'll leave dental hygiene products in there instead.
Repeat Offenders
The forum moderator shot herself in the foot by over reacting.
Found out my girlfriend cheated on me, I didn't let her know that I knew till I cost her, her job.
Opportunity to take revenge on a bully from +20 years ago.
Told my abusive ex off in court
Be a racist with a stick up your ass? Welcome to the real world. Happy 4th.
Whenever I check Instagram I make sure to go through people’s stories first so I can check who says to “like and comment”, and then will specifically not like their posts.
You dont mess with the momo man.
Fix it yourself
Record me while I purposely drive the speed limit, I hope you're not in a rush
I almost do this daily at my job as a traffic controller.
Best way to take revenge through someones phone number?
DDoSed by a skript kiddy, so I called his parents and got him grounded
Don't participate in group work? Let me use your own stupidity
Now the whole store knows you’re a jackass
Swerve toward me on an icy road and rev, I embarrass you in front of your class
Yeah..you might need to change that number.
You almost caused our entire group to fail...have fun failing on your own!
Through Thick and Thin
Through thick and thin
Hello again
Want to beep at us when there's nowhere to go? Enjoy getting stuck for much longer while we park
I used to have awful neighbors in my apartment building who screamed constantly. Sometimes at 3-4am. They were the reason the people here before us left. So when they screamed I would connect my phone to Bluetooth and blast “STFU” by filthy frank as loud as I could.
Chose to be a jerk? Well, I can be one too.....
Old boss who likes their food extra spicy? No problem
Shared this story that went down in rehab on r/maliciouscompliance. Was told you guys might appreciate it.
Won’t stop being loud and stealing my friend’s food? Enjoy your extended visit to the bathroom
Steal my wedding day? That's fine. I'll steal your baby announcement and make you feel like shit for it.
Spread your stupid fat legs and take up more than 50% of your allocated space on the train will you?
Try and cut in front of me? Have fun getting separated from your friends!
Gotta burn em
Assistance please.
Coworker Think's I'm Loud
Wanna be rude for no reason? That's okay, I can disconnect your broadband
Enjoy cutting THAT line.
[x-post from /r/confession]I, unintentionally, ended my roommates engagement
Plotted to get my 1 year old brother in trouble.
Try to withhold my paycheck? Have fun being late to wherever you were going next!
Man throws fit about fireworks and sends letter to neighbors. Neighbors respond.x-post from r/confession I, unintentionally, ended my roommates engagement.
Endanger my life and yours? Sure, go ahead.
Don’t like being called out then don’t be an asshat
Be a jealous dick, enjoy your new membership in the KKK
Drunk dial me at 2AM, enjoy being woken up at 6AM.
An asshole driver and the pettiness of a final honk
I knew my boss was going to lay me off for almost a month. So, I started mis-filing everything in the cabinets, and then put in my two-weeks notice the day I was set to be laid off.
Ex-roommate/friend was a two-faced pain who pushed us to get convicted, so I switched out her "files"
Treat me like I'm inexperienced, I'll act like I'm inexperienced.
Mess With Me And My Friends? Fall For The Classic
Throw your shells at me? Have fun cleaning your coat out.
Push me while we’re in line? Enjoy my glacial pace.
the best revenge is when someone else supports it
When a neighbor’s loud music threatens to ruin our party we cut off their power...and forgot about it for six days.
Have fun crossing burnt bridges
Be a judgmental prude, get a wet t-shirt
I have my ex boss’s dog’s ashes sitting in the trunk of my car
Tailgate me not
I'm not lock in here with you, you're locked in her with me.
Going to act like a jerk at Starbucks? Enjoy your decaf.
Scam me black mail me and take my money? Ill ruin your business
You don't want me to talk after I invite you? Then I'll go by myself.
I 'acted like an adult' and helped someone else get their revenge
Using your power and position to do wrong will get you nowhere...
Dont use your position and power to do wrong...
I water down peoples drinks (I’m a server)
Using your position and power to do wrong will get you nowhere.
Wanna scorn us...talk your way out of this porn dilemma then...
Refuse to pay an extra couple of cents for a smoothie you get every single week? Enjoy no smoothie then??
Invade my personal space for an entire semester? Enjoy your white hoodie while it lasts.
Receipt for the money, then the money? How about no?
I sometimes overcharge rude customers. [Crosspost from r/confessions]
Scammed a scammer using quite possibly the oldest con in the book
Helping a classmate take revenge on her cheating boyfriend!
My Uncles revenge on a shitty fisherman
Want my parking space? Good luck with that.
Threaten my children and I'll ruim your relationship. Update.
Shame on you
In a hurry? Enjoy the wait.
“I guess that’s what you can expect from an Asian.”
I egged my neighbor’s house because he threatened my dog and I.
Can’t be an adult? Enjoy child’s play.
Heads up, kid!
I don't do anything....ok.
Threaten my children... Well, ill just destroy your relationship.
You raped my best friend and got away with it? Have fun being singled out during a college class!
Don’t pay rent and utilities? Have fun with no toilet paper.
Don’t wanna drive the extra 30 seconds to drop your cart off in the right spot? Enjoy your 45 minute drive back a few days later
Just the fax, Ma'am.
Push me the whole way through country roads? Not gonna get you far
Circle of pettiness
hoe repellent
He went nuclear to win the encounter
2 girls and a school dance... what can go wrong?
Pantry Problems
Close to failing
Email Spam Sign Up?
Let me fill the locker you stole with the cigarettes you smoked
Make me embarassed, get hit with with the Mjolnir of Roasts
We don't dance, nah, we make money move.
This is revenge being done on me. Hope its ok to post here.
Try and steal my boyfriend back? Fuck you and your spelling mistakes!
Got the goods
How to shut up a friend
Daughter gets get her drivers learners permit...I make her learn life lesson
Steal my desk? Take the absence points then!
Currently dealing with a petty roommate/ex-bestfriend.
May I Telemarket YOU?
I hope you are checking the list
"I will eat your brains with a spoon"
Blame me for you almost colliding into me while you're in a company truck? That's a bad idea in this small town, asshole.
No one messes with my baby cat.
You won't stop using my shampoo? Fine, you can have the rest!
Oh, of course I'll switch shifts with you!
Wanna drive like an asshole? I'll drive properly
Hedging around the issue
Your girlfriend wants to start a fight? Have fun smelling like feet
Two can play the yelling game.
Helping a classmate take revenge on her cheating boyfriend
Helping a classmate take revenge on her cheating boyfriend.
My kid stepped on his own Lego.
more pizza for me
Wanna waste my time? I'll waste you're sleep.
You mess with my car? Then you'll get a face full of beer...
Shh, this is a quiet train car!
Keep me after closing? Enjoy your plastic.
My house mates are fighting...
Blackmail and a golden shower, kind of.
Act like a roommate from hell? Then I’ll put your shoes in an ant-infested tree.
Stop Bothering Me/Eeveelution Sisters
Ruin my view and my show after I tried to be an adult? GAME ON BUDDY!
Market your business to me without my permission? I’ll do the same to you
Blame me? Start a rumor? Later Gator.
Elevator life has it's ups and downs.
Mad at me for talking during the pre show? Enjoy getting removed from the theater by texting during the actual movie
Petty laundry.
You Can't Have Your Own Elevator
I lock the bastard out of my house every night and make the bathroom look occupied when he needs it
Racist customer shouldn't have came to my register.
Your new breast friendRacist customer shouldn't have came at my register.
Repost from ProRevenge: you don’t want to send my the money even after you’ve received and used the stuff i sent you?! I will fuck your whole life.
Act like an asshole and talk down to everyone? Enjoy having your plans all fucked up.
The Locked Box Revenge
I want a canoe!!
Still want to drive on my lawn? Fine, then you can deal with the police.
Guy at my work loves to talk so I started trolling him
Put your jacket on my wife’s seat? I’ll make it disappear.
Selfish Driving = You Wait in Line
You don't know how doors work? Ok neither do I!
Abuse my generosity? Enjoy having your account terminated.
Girlfriend wants to argue with me while in the shower...
I don't even drink Diet coke.
Try to make my parents pay for the wrong door? Let's waste some time!
My poop rained down upon my loud, obnoxious downstairs neighbors.
No reason to be mad? Have fun paying those tickets!
Call me at 6am over minor stuff? Enjoy the coffee drinking contest at midnight
Bail on all the important things in my life? Miss out on a cool experience
Farmer's Market Bully
Call me at 6am over minor stuff? I'll force you into a coffee drinking contest at midnight!
Spread fake rumors about me? Eat my dust!
Ask for my help, waste my whole afternoon and hang up on me? Alright.
Drunk douche in a rush harassing me and my co-workers - sure!
Stand off on a bridge
I guess if you didn’t talk to her before kissing her, you couldn’t have known her boyfriend lived in your dorm...
My sister ruined my surprise 7th birthday party by telling me about it.
Don’t do your part in the assignment? Well.. okay
Play your music obnoxiously on the subway? K me too fam.
If you like poking your finger into other people's food, don't be upset when you get fingered back.
Yell at me in front of everyone? Good luck working by yourself
Decaf Dave
1 dish
You're an Asshole? Need 10 mics? Sure, just not sure what good they are without speakers.
Wills bring out the best in us all
Rude Customers.
The Shopping Cart of Justice
Can't handle an insult? Don't dish out what you can't take.
Bullying Photographer
L plate motorcycle rider UK
Flip me off? Not a good move.
A two-for-one special: Rude College Roommates and Obnoxious Uber Drivers receive their comeuppance!
An emergency that I warned you about months ago? Do tell...
Buy cheap weed online....http://www.highbuds420.com/
Honk at a disabled guy? No parking for you.
I'm done being your maid.
Prank call my work? Let me google your number.
Oscar worthy deaf performance
I have to do this more than I'd like...
Taking up two parking spaces must not go un-punished
Refuse to clean? Have fun with your smelly room!
Planes, Trains, Automobiles
Roommate didn't renovated the apartment contract and warned us last minute
Helping a classmate get back at her cheating boyfriend...
Revenge involving a cheating boyfriends chastity device and some itching powder.
Stop parking like an asshole!
Have an attitude with me for no reason? Enjoy your $9 orange juice.
Squashed beyond repair and it gave me such a kick every single time
Have fun with your favorite lunch, dousche :)
Dear Boss,
Shove your way to a busy bar, good luck getting a drink
Take my parking spot?? What goes around comes around
"millionaire" (aka miser) landlord wants to screw with a poor grad student...sure ok buddy, game on.
My ex-girlfriend tried to trashtalk me on social media after our breakup. I decided to write about her cheatin' ass.
Tailgate me and see where it takes you
"Best friend" ruined my life and then played the victim when I reacted to it. Have fun explaining this one to your parents.
Blast Your Music and Blow Your Smoke Through My Window? Enjoy My TV Static.
Another Laundry story
Ideas for revenge on a hotel maid who has angered me
Treat me like a total retard; don't expect me to be nice to you anymore. [Long]
Make me pay your storage unit fees *and* hold your car on my property? Have fun moving your car everyday.
Have fun wearing a dirty lab coat.
Copy/paste? Not today
Lady Cut me off pulling into the same coffee shop.
Sure I can’t spit in your food if you’re rude, but that doesn’t mean I won’t get my revenge
Please don’t make me clean up after other people
Got yourself pregnant? Say goodbye to your unicorns!
Drink my milk will you? Well my friend, let me tell you something.
An old “ friend” tried to scam me
Your friends are better anyways.
Tailgate me? You'd better pay for it
I can tell my ex-GF is distraught that I didn't say anything to her
They’re mine now
Someone sexually harassed me daily, so I caused him to fail a year’s worth of Spanish classes and ended his relationship with his boyfriend
Treat Your Roommates Like Shit? Enjoy Being Homeless!
Just doing my job correctly
She was warned, she was given an explanation. Nevertheless...
I create fake accounts and write horrible reviews on a restaurant that I used to work at from the perspective of a middle aged white woman.
Got my ex kicked out of university
How many times do I have to teach you this lesson old man.
Won't do your job? Ok I quit.
Kick me out? Good luck with avoiding eviction.
Sweet revenge on my gf's bestie
I'll take 25 cents a day from you!
Too important to follow the law? Enjoy your coffee!
Scare my girlfriend and I while we sleep? Enjoy having everything in your house zip-tied!
One of my childhood petty revenges: The Timeout Corner
If I'm failing honestly, I'm not going to let you pass dishonestly.
Roommate refuses to speak to me, so she gets locked out during winter.
Wanna be a psycho bitch, get roasted.
You fire me, I quitwake up my boss most nights (and his 2 yr old and 6 month old kids)
Petty revenge on girl I used to trust
Okay story time about my cheating ex.
I got fired through a phone call. They also said they overpaid me and want money back.
Guy demands we give him our part of the group assignment so he can present and be graded. Have fun failing.
Don't use other people's emails as your own.
Petty revenge on my sister.
$800 Mistake
Petty or Justified?
Group leaves me to write paper by myself.
Train courtesy
If you keep harassing and catcalling her despite her objections, maybe it's a bad idea to ask "Where's the party in this town?"
You shouldn't leave personal items in the communal bathroom
Take up the bathroom forever? Take up the bathroom FOREVER.
Leave me a dirty sink? Fill your own fridge.
You wanna treat me like garbage? Say bye bye to Instagram!
Nothing tickles my asshole more than trolling a jackass diesel driver
"Make this milk"
Ghost tries to take some tickets.
Bitchy “friend” will experience my petty revenge when I change the password on the HBO account I’ve been letting her use, right before the Game of Thrones Season 8 premiere.
Catfished my ex
Messy Housemate Isn't Getting His Full Deposit Back...
Revenge in the cinema
Don’t steal a mom’s parking spot
I interrupted an artist's concentration. And then I became the subject of a $5,600 painting.
More cart revenge!!!
My downstairs neighbor blared music at 5am, and since he sleeps during the day, I decided to thank him while HE sleeps...
A SERIAL CHEAT!!
Don't think I speak your language?? Surprise, surprise... I do
I'm so happy with myself. Maybe she'll return her cart next time.
After my mighty losing streak to my brother in a video game, my brother raged quit after I got the lead.
I hope stealing from me was worth it.
WHEN THEY THINK YOU ARE "LITTLE RED", BUT TURN OUT TO BE THE HUNTSMAN
I was a major douche troll to a LinkedIn Amway spammer.
sweet revenge on my landlord.
So, you're not going to pay your bills? Ok...
Want to party during the week and have fun at my expense? Great! Ill have MY fun at your expense.
Keeping an asshole of a cop waiting....in the rain.
Take my stuffed animal, draw on it, and throw it in the trash? Have fun handwashing ALL of them.
No pictures of me? No pictures of anyone else then
Phone Scammers
Steal my notes? I’ll steal all your pens before a huge exam.
Don't want to help me find my iPod? Goodluck finding your BlackBerry.
Now they'll know.
Asshole manager drops belligerent customer in my lap without warning, and gets what's coming to him.
Be an asshole at the bar? Have fun getting home without your car keys!
Help me scam this hoe bags account please. ASAP
Cheating university student enjoys hours of post-exam anxiety
Need some Help
Rope swing in racist, rural Alabama
We annoyed the people who cut in front of us in line.
Surprise Epic Games Account? Mine Now
"That's NOT my name, and I will NOT accept the Prize!"
A Pilot’s Revenge
Be a bully to freshmen, enjoy no AC
Ex-Lax Brownies. Bon appetite!
Prank call revenge
Lazy and Disgusting
Petty af
Treat me like crap? You won’t be getting hired for my job.
Let your outdoor cat shit in my yard? Have fun picking up after it.
Mr. FuckBalls orders a burger
Lazy and condescending because I'm an intern? Lose your bid.
Jerk stole my credit card to buy pizza on my account, but he left his name and phone number...
Be nice to the deli workers.
Dont ever yell at me in front of my customers
Enjoy your watery drinks
Be an obnoxious, creepy jerk? I will slowly drive you insane
Enjoy your walk hunny!
Never yell at me in front of my customers
Pain
Please don’t rush in front of everyone already in line to get on the train.
Petty revenge for rude swimmer
No, YOU have to stay later.
You say you only called the boss out of concern for my well being? Well being that you called him, I had to follow suit.
Send a condescending email demanding I change your job title to reflect your new promotion? Okay...
Whenever my dad asked for a tooth floss, I’d lick all the mint flavour off it
Act like a dick, get what you deserve
If your GF left your for a rich guy this is how you take your revenge
Throw my frozen coke on the ground? Enjoy a flat phone.
Short Stopped an old jerk of a supervisor!
Some douche stole my Domino’s account/ card info to buy Pizza but forgot to take his name and phone number off. Idiot.
DJ Stole my Dominos Pizza Account to Buy Pizza in Brooklyn.. But He Forgot to Take off His Name and Phone Number
You use my ex's phone to text me hateful things about my daughter.
Worst roommate I ever had? Prepare to never get a goodnight sleep ever again!
Damn Damp Bath Towels
Made my ex- friend Shit himself during an exam for cucking me on the one before
Another Petty Revenge Road Rage Story
Sorry, we don't need any more instrumentalists
Don't take things from my shopping basket.
Your going to beep at me for taking a extra second to look both ways before crossing the road in my Car? Fine you'll now be waiting even longer as I slowly drive my Car
Waste my time? Enjoy your change.
Impatient driver at a stop light
Jerk friends playing with me on the road while I'm trying to get my wife to the hospital to have our first child.
Cut in the three hour line for the ferry? I’m filling your car with seagulls.
Fighting highbeams with 10 million candlepower
Baby up in this bitch? Ok, let’s see.
make a fuss over lack of coffee? no beer for you!
Asshole pickup truck won't let me merge over to let his ass by? Fine, enjoy getting fucked with and getting a big fat ticket to boot.
A Productive EveningYou can hit me in the face, but I’ll bite you in the ass
The cruel policy of tearing children away from their parents requires a strong response, and I am recalling the three members of the North Carolina National Guard from the border. -NC Governor Roy Cooper
I left a bad Yelp review of my previous employer
Take my House in Divorce? That Really Stinks!
Try and ruin my social life? Joke’s on you, I don’t have one to ruin.
test
Revenge taking too far?
Worst Manager ever, treat my like dirt, I'll get a plan to revenge you!
Made me cry for sexytime? Enjoy tadpole-filled kisses.
Charge me for sauce? You'll lose that and more paying for water.
Try and keep me off of the internet? No thanks
Racist? Good luck getting your money
Don't think I won't hear you talking behind my back
Be a shit? No job for you!
Be uncooperative? I shut off your gas and claim I couldn’t get in.
Don’t feel like holding the door? The feeling’s mutual, sweetie.
Headlights and Hazards: a Traffic Story
Petty Revenge on a MicroManager
Petty Revenge is the best kind of revenge!
Oh, you're being rude? I'll just grab your drink from the back
Help me get revenge
Don't EVER insult my food, you cilantro-loving doorknob!
Text Revenge
Always late? Now it’s my turn. Father’s Day Edition of Petty Revenge.
Don't wash your windscreen on the highway
It doesn't pay to be racist
Stack your shit somewhere else.
Write fake reviews in my name, get bad fake reviews.
Construction Worker Trash Can Revenge
You won't be considerate of me when I'm sleeping? Sounds like a 3 am smoothie for me then!
Be a bitch at the trainstation, enjoy not having a seat for the entire ride
Roommate Drama
Lie about me again? Kiss that job goodbye...
How I beat a a cheat without being a snitch
Flood my email? I'll steal your netflix!
Get snippy with me, I will mildly inconvenience the fuck out of you.
try to not help set the table...
Got petty with ex roommates and it felt so good
Leftover theif!
Keep stealing my lunch? Enjoy his sandwich witch Carolina Reapers and Ghost Pepper Extract.
Take commuter spots? Don't worry, you won't do it again!
Guy passed me going like 70 in a 45 so I made him wait longer for his food
Enjoy your red lights
Don't eat those cookies!
Call centre rules vs boredom = Petty Revenge paper Brachiosaurus.
Park like a dick? Enjoy climbing over everything to your seat.
Placed an innocent review of a product on Facebook page, idiot is offended so writes 17 novel length long, psycho-analyzing me and my review.
Enjoy The Morning Wakeup
Oh, so that's how you talk about me to your friends? Ok, i got you.
Leave my room a mess, I’ll scare the shit out of you, and you still have to clean it up.
OCD Stylist gets to be just as frustrated.
Group of Idiots Reveal Their True Intentions...
Kid fakes mental illness, makes me do his homework by way of making me feel sorry for him, cheats on his girlfriend, gets called out and fails math final
A Slow and Steady March towards Petty Revenge
Craigslist email harvester
Sucks Not Getting Any Sleep Huh?
I guess you like cold food then
Evil Boss Lives to Regret Poor Treatment
Posted this as a reply somewhere else. It was recommended I post it here... Revenge on a Micromanager
It's the little things that get me through the day.
You're going to be a bad roommate? Fine. I'll steal your M&amp;M's.
Enjoy the Slam/Stomp
So, I used to work at a swimming pool...
Douchebag who plays on his phone too much at work gets "caught."
Loud ass neighbors
continued to bump into a guy at a concert
A simple mix-up
When customers are rude to me I sometimes pretend their cards have declined. This time, I did that and got him arrested for a DUI.
Cheat on me? Maybe I'll forget to plug your cars cooling fan back in when fixing it.
[Crowd Sourcing Ideas] I'm leaving the apartment I've lived in for 3 years because my bitch of a roommate claims I'm aggressive.
Sometimes I wish natural selection would take its course
Taunt me? Enjoy minty shoes.
I want revenge for my cheating wife.
Someone owes me money and I need revenge
Put a lid on it!
X-Posted from Pro Revenge - Merry Christmas! I quit.
Revenge on Asshole Roommate
Somebody has been stealing my newspaper...
Send me a video of you having sex in your office because you're mad at me? Ok... [NSFW.]
Just do the dishes
Accidentally got revenge on food thief!
A small act of revenge.
Keep me up all hours of the night, get the cops called on us, and ignore your toddler? Enjoy our new expensive apartment alone.
Looking to start an infinity loop of cold callers
Can't control your child? This is gonna be a long unpleasant flight.
Act like you are the only person at this gig, good luck finding your shit.
Say the F word yelling at me in front of my son? You will receive the art of a backhanded compliment.
Ride my ass when I'm traveling a reasonable speed? Enjoy missing your chance to pass me and getting stuck again.
Someone mentioned panhandlers..
Abusive Ex-Fiancé
Steal money from me? I'm petty about my pennies.
Mole in one!
He took my spot
Make my school year hell? I'll return the favor.
Line cutting - Not advisable when leaving your name and e-mail.
Keep bumping into me and standing too close because I refuse to crowd the person ordering at Starbucks? Enjoy my farts.
Homophobic “friend”
Getting Even with a Pan-Handler
Tailgate Karma
When your roommate’s singing the kitty litter blues....No ranch sauce for you!
If you ghost me for an appointment, I'll ghost you too.
"I'm glade we could come to an agreement, [firstname]"
Belittle and insult my five years of hard work? Clearly my work is so poor, you should do it all again. From Scratch. In one week.
I need help but can't ask for help here (because Rules). Can the sidebar show a list of donatable charities, by country if possible? I have something wicked and petty and awesome in mind.
Tell me to fuck off when I'm trying to help? Okay, enjoy your fine.
REVENGE TO BTS FANS SPAM COMMENTS
UPDATE: I bombed our dog walkers on every review site I could find
Credit where credit isn't due.
Yell at us for no reason and tell us to get out, why yes then we will enjoy our mini vacation
[NSFW] Petty Revenge On My GF's ''Best Girl Friend''
Classmate got his mom to pay for my spot on the basketball team, I made sure that he just sat on the sidelines at recess
Enjoy being rude to your customers? Start preparing that resumé!
Try to run me off the road for passing you? Have fun at your next speeding ticket.
Park your crotch rocket on my grass?
Tried to sweat me out by jacking up the heater sweats herself out instead.
Tailgate me in your brand new M3? Enjoy washing your car!
Sometimes when someone I don't like says hi to me I'll say "hate" instead of "hey"
That's not my name
House Hunting
MUST BE LEGAL- Revenge on cheating wife and the other guy
"One of us has been teaching English for a decade..."
Roommate vs. Roommate (epic length...you've been warned)
Don't share your food and expect me to do your dishes? Have a post holiday break treat!
Irritate the crap out of me? Here, wear a Post-It Note
Don't shove people for fun...
Mess with my sleep? Win bitch prizes!
Radio Deejay Petty Revenge
Made You Walk
Scam me on the internet? That’s cool I’ll just let your mom know.
"Collectibles"
LPT for foodservers who receive poor tips for flawless service.
Threaten my dog? Curse at my wife? OK, best of luck with that car.
Going to give insurance companies our number since you don't want them to have yours? Fine, we'll just do the same.
Brother fled the country after his last hurrah
I’m a shit teammate
Drive dangerously, put people’s lives at risk &amp; then try to cut me up whilst driving your works van, expect a video of it all to be sent to your manager
How I got kicked out of Girl Scouts.
Complain about my use of car permits?
False rape accusation is leading to an eviction
Mow over my wife’s birthday gift? This means war!
“Excuse me, but do you work in this store, or do I?” | A Retail Story
Cut me in line? Enjoy My company for the next 2 1/2 hours
Stiff me? I’ll show you!
Use all three washing machines?
He poured his beer in my bra so I'm sending 50 lbs of manure in his garden
Booby trap the door? Eat a shit sandwich!
Abandoned in a foreign country? Good!
Cheat on me then lie about it repeatedly and play the victim? Get shamed in front of all of your friends and family at your graduation party.
Douche-bag coworker can't shut up about the ladies so...
Photography wars?
An exercise in futility
Bully the people around you, get branded and stranded in a town far away.
Photobombing revenge
H
Give me shit about the work I do, enjoy sporadic internet access
NEW husband cheated, with his ex girlfriend when I went to ANOTHER COUNTRY to find us a NEW home. I PROCEEDED TO GO OUT WITH his ex best friend. Fc him :)
Bad service
Let's play the pronoun game, liar
Tell casino workers on strike to 'go back to their country'? Well, let's trap you in our picket line.
Petty revenge of a petty campground
A thief stole merchandise, but I got his personal info.
I did say to park and wait....
The Nanohabit™ Handbook is now available! Become something greater.
Think stealing my phone is funny? Get embarrassed in front of everyone.
Revenge on a friends neighbor
Oh, you're not gonna let me purchase my groceries because my 15y/o daughter doesn't have ID? Fine, I guess you'll have to restock everything yourself
Biology
[Short and sweet] Neighbors love making us looking bad.
Ok but how illegal is blackmail&amp; extortion
My best petty revenge.
I just bombed our previous dog walkers on every review site I can find their name on
Ignore my complaints and charge me when I do, thanks for the free rent.
How I Accidentally Got Revenge On the Evil Tier 2 Rep (X-post from r/talesfromcallcenters) [NSFW]
You‘re a horrible teacher, so you get horrible feedback
Fail to manage your time wisely? I WILL loudly shame you in front of everyone here.
Wedding cakes revenge
Yell at me? I'll get your friends to laugh at you for being rude.
My Mom is into Bukkake
My brother stole my life savings so I sabotaged his car
Craigslist scammer made my wife miss her chance to say good-bye to her mother.
Lazy bum takes my dollar, goes to strip club.
Prank me? I’ll prank you back
Help! My dog is locked in my car....
Help with my petty revenge for "colorblind" friend
Lying can only get ya so far
Blare your horn at a handicapped child? Have fun waiting
Fuck me over? Enjoy jail.
TYPO
Refuse to pay for service so pay for service twice.
Remove my phone from charging? Have 0% charge in your phone!!
Fail almost all of our class? I don't think so...
Be an asshole driver? No problem
Help me with my petty revenge by prank calling/texting Mark at 5415545540
Squatter steals 2 mops, ruining the second one, at which point mom gets even.
Enjoy that exit?
Eddie is the fag god
Small breed dogs in Dwarka
Big mistake, Huge
Threaten me on social media because i kept your brother from murdering someone? Legal system will deal with that.I am a bartender and saw a guy once try to drug another girl’s drink and while he wasn’t looking I switched the drink. I then watched the guy drug himself.
Petty revenge for asshole camp staff.
She threw up when she returned
Idea for Revenge
Too controlling and opinionated to admit that you were wrong? Have fun being screwed out of points
Metro Jerks
You messed with the wrong guy, lady.
Want me to go right on red? It's ok, just hit me.
Saw my horrible ex for the first time in years. Told him I worked at a hair salon and could give him a much needed haircut. What I didn't tell him was that I was just the receptionist. fucked...him..up..
Wanna invade my personal space? Fine, I'll be sure to leave a dirty footprintv on your nice khakis.
Abandon your car on my property and then give me lip, lose your child’s birth pictures.
Bully the other cat constantly? I'll show you how he feels.
Petty revenge on a UK Police officer
I'm tired of getting beaten and staying quiet. (X-post from r/prorevenge)
Don't tailgate. Some people (me) are assholes.
Tired of getting beaten and staying quiet. x-post from /r/prorevenge
Do your own work
Post Revenge Porn on Reddit....go to jail.
Tech School Roommate Was An Ass
Oh, you want an easy parking spot? Shouldn't have been a shit friend.
Need advise for a petty revenge... frat house owner rented room on AirB&amp;B, old couple came in and didn't even have a blanket or pillows.
Neighbor called the cops on us at 2am so I brought out the genny.
"Trying to give me a thing I dropped? Not interested."
Why I killed my highest streak on Snapchat
I am muted, but I can hear you.
Dirty light switches
Don't be an asshole car salesperson and decide your customer is wasting your time the moment you see them.
Leave me to do all the work? Bwaaaahahahahaha, I don't think so!
Pull forward so I can turn right
When my boyfriend cheated on me I requested the song he *hated* on the local radio station and dedicated it to him.
Enjoy The Day Off That You Wanted!
Dont honk at me for knowing where to go.
Another business awards were given...
Getting back at shitty neighbors
You squirt me with my gatorade and everyone has a good laugh? haha so funny now you will enjoy the taste of my piss
Yell at me for leaving work when sick? Ok, then I don’t come in at all.
Won’t help me in school? Become the face of men’s sexual assault.
I no longer have to drive my brother around
It's 2016, we don't call people that anymore.
Oh i see how it is...
Send me a dick pic? Enjoy a meme spam.
Sweet, sweet ice cream shop revenge
Can I speak to Dee?
Is there a r/ where I can tell a story where the person behind the counter was my savior for the help they gave me?
It’s Mine
Block my car? I'll block yours.
I used to write prettily, but now I write pettily.
It’s mine
My neighbor is a grumpy sh*t who thinks he owns the street in front of his house.
my commanding colleague
Won't let me off the train? Enjoy being squished in like sardines
Messaged my horribly abusive ex asking that he didn't acknowledge me if he is to see me at a music festival this weekend.
Rooate who keeps stealing shampoo ends up washing his hair with piss
Roommate who keep stealing shampoo ends up washing his air with piss
Stupid Old Man
Cut in line? I waste your time.
That's what you get for calling customer service "retards"
Got my brother grounded
Won't turn the volume down when watching Netflix, enjoy no netflix at all
You can't let someone else cut me in line...
And IM combative?
Cut me off? Enjoy the matches!
We got ourselves a flame-throwing tailagator....
Does anyone want a petty CD?
Not pay what I already worked for? Guess who's not coming back?
Choose to use a Mini Segway instead of walking? Enjoy opening your own door.
I hope you enjoy using wet towels forever.
I hid food :)
Revenge war against my dad
The story of my hero
Don't want to move your truck out of the way? Your drivers seat looked thirsty so I gave it a Snapple.
Want me to cook for you to impress a girl? OK!
Steal my boyfriend? I'll get you arrested.
Meadery refused to give me water, so I used 50x more water
Summer Job Hunt
Playing your music constantly? I can be an insensitive jerk too, you know.
Good luck repeating another year, while I walk off with the certificate.
Wanna act like a dick? No cigerrettes for you.
Sad Asian nurse wants boyfriend
Don’t want to pick up after your dog?
The waiter disrespects and gives my mum the wrong meal so I force feed him a prawn and spill tea on him
That red headed restaurant
NO OVERTIME (But we want you to come in when we're short.)
Bully me in high school? Enjoy your ban off Snapchat.
My son was being harassed by some dough at school. When my son defended himself by clocking the douche in the face, the dad of the kid who harassed my son was being completely unreasonable, saying that it was my kids fault. In revenue, I signed his email up for 4 gay porn magazines.
If you're gonna be an asshole about it, then you can go to hell!
Hope you have fun digging through the garbage!
You're a Sergeant who doesn't care about his cops? Not sorry I ate your sandwich.
He got me evicted, so I returned the favor.
Don’t assume people are stupid just because they don’t study the same major that you do
Don’t assume people are stupid just because they don’t study the same major that you do
You're Welcome for the Computer Advice.
Shut me out of a discussion because "what letters do you have after your name?" OP uses unlimited spare time, it's moderately effective.
When baking soda is the best security system. #bakingsodakingpin
Request for Ideas
Get off the phone!
Not pay me? I'm not coming back!
Lame Revenge, But Satisfying.
Made her drink “toilet water”
Don't want my business, watch this.But My Phone Died Halfway!
Where is the rent money?
You’re a racist AND a hypocrite? Okay then.
MODS - Can we require TLDR sections here?
Leave a note next time!
You won’t hold the door for me? Fine.
Down Voting Everything
No upgrade for you!
Bitch colleague gets me fired, so I wait for my time to retaliate
You can have the store but...
You better make sure I never find out about your fake Instagram followers...
Damage my product? You can't buy it
The 3 time couch crasher returns and time He's gone for good.
Laugh at tragedy, would you? Here's some tragedy to laugh at. YOUR OWN!
You’re gonna be a racist and a hypocrite? Okay then.
Give me shit for blocking the door for 5 seconds? Enjoy being late to work.
Wont get the name off the lease huh?
Spammed a spam caller.
Parking Wars: Revenge of the Shopping Cart
Be a cruel asshole? Enjoy your punishment.
Grumpy Grocery Grinch
Oh, knock over my pineapple? Have my Pringles, too.
Refuse us service, receive no tip.
In a hurry? Scream at me to move? OK.
Treat me like shit and fire me after I spent thousands at your store? Enjoy not having a store.
I'll make sure I don't spend my "life savings" on a bed
Oh Young Ladies don’t buy sports cars..
Checking emails is important...
Store owner ignores me, gets called out, loses huge sale.
You are going to mess with me? No worries, I'll just take your dignity.
Teenage driver
Excuse Me.
The Quiet Coach
I need to be first!
Undecorated a Christmas tree
Won't help me fix my Wi-Fi? Good luck fixing that toilet then.
Kept pushing her work on me and got fired !!
Don't do any work? I'll make you do work
Since you've been so rude I'll just take that for you and go check if there are any more. Don't worry I won't be long...
Towed, but got my payback.
Smartass teacher finds...
Kitten revenge
Revenge of coworker remote access spying on my PC
University Groupwork - The story you've read a hundred times before.
No, I *didn't* see her take that.
An idea for those who need it 😈
Enjoy your time on the phone
I'm voting against any politician who has text spammed me
Milky revenge
h
Bully gets more than he bargained for
Downvote my comment? I’ll return the favor 10 fold!!
Looking for suggestions to get back at a friend.
Wind Shield Wipers in the Drive-thru
Bully gets more than he bargained for
4th grade art heist
Bully gets more than he bargained for.
Grotesquely Misuse a Urinal in a Fine Establishment? You Will Be Shamed.
Sure I'll let you know when Dad's home
Can't comfort your toddler because you are an abusive Mother? Well, I'm old, pissy and have a trick up my sleeve.
Homophobic jerk picks on 14 year old girl making her cry in front of hundreds gets what he deserves.
Someday you’ll need electricity
“Sorry I can’t guarantee I’m going to be there...”
Being played can make you do crazy things.
They took advantage of those wrong person.
Restaurant client complain im taking too long, take that!
ID Please
Pick on a child, get adult revenge.
Call a child names get adult payback
So you want to be a cheater?
Ruin stuff I paid for? Back at you?
Don't Leave a Fire Burning
"THIS KID IS LOOKING AT PORN"
Not to sure where to post but i need help getting back at some loud campers who stay awake till 4 being really loud.
Go onto my xbox and delete my games without permission while I'm takin a shite? Fine then, enjoy the communication ban!
Change the motel tv everyday? Enjoy parental control.
Someone parked in my pricey parking space.
Road lines are laws too. Usually because someone had either previously been hurt or killed doing the very same thing.
Gonna steal my laundry detergent? I’ll put bleach in it.
Loyal dance teacher
Group member lied about putting in work to our project
Going to shove pass Grandma? I'll make you wait
Don’t grab me by the p***y, I grab back. And I won’t be gentle!!!
“I ain’t getting younger!”
Pull a feminist card? Fine. Enjoy your drink.
You want me involved? Alright, now I am involved.
Help me Punish this thief!
I always act like a know-it-all who never makes dumb mistakes. Then I made one, and my husband delighted to take advantage.
Impatient driver
I don’t care about age. Act like a little shit and you’ll smell a little shit
The case of the tipped over garbage bins
The day Karma took care of my narcissistic mother.
The day karma took care of narcissistic mother.
I stopped doing his "adult" stuff, he quickly got arrested *twice*
Crazy Girl on Kik
No overtime pay and shitty management?
Telling lies won't bring you any further
My buddy said he was going to kill the man who was sleeping with his wife.
Check food before stealing
True Story About the 2nd Female Cop on the ForceTreat me bad and you don't get any discounts.
Don't Change The Roll? OK Then.
My neighbor stole my "gas" can
Remember when you accused me of being a gold digger? I’m not going to let you forget that AKA how I’ve been trolling my mother in law for years
Remember when you accused me of being a gold digger? I’m not going to let you forget that AKA how I’ve been trolling my mother in law for years
You eat where I tell you to eat
Won't swap shifts? Ok, I tried to be nice...
sit in your own seats
Steal my food for months? Enjoy the nasty food I left behind.
Flower beats rock
"You can kick me out over it." Well, if you insist
What do barn owls look like in slow mo?
Copy me? Into the trash your art goes, honey.
It just stopped, I don't know what happened!
Park like an asshole and hit my car? Here’s two years of a daily minor inconvenience
Drive on my lawn without asking me? Fine, hope you like tire damage.
Going to act like a child? Ok I will too.
Here you are sir.
Petty revenge on a 5 year old
Telemarketer? I'll block your number.
slow and petty wins the race.
Revenge on terrible neighbour
I do understand...
Hangover Eavesdropping Not A Good Idea
Enjoy your ride home.
Good luck getting usable footage.
Honk at me inside a car wash and see what happens!
If You Don't Clean Up After Yourself, You Don't Get Friendship Sandwiches.
Yell at my innocent mom after I accidentally mowed your grass? Enjoy your muddy sidewalk.
Don't steal toys from the babies.
Fight petty revenge with petty revenge
Freak out on my innocent mom because I mowed some of your lawn? Enjoy a dirty sidewalk.
Hit on my HUSBAND? Enjoy no tip.
Amy's stupid candles
Update and a new petty revenge on behalf of my dog.
Gonna be a crappy girlfriend/ex? You just got outbid and now don’t get anything
I see your laugh track and raise you the screams of women giving birth
Ex husband harasses me, send the internet to harass him
Oh you wanted some fish... sorry bish
Don't mess with my mom's kid.
Hey Reddit, want collective revenge on a hate group?
She bullied me in middle school so...I got her fired.
You dumped my clothes out of the dryer early? Have fun waiting another hour for yours to dry.
My favorite way to mess with asshole parking
Berate me in front of my team.. ok
Deny my claim? Fine, I'll hoist all of you (especially Jane) by your own petard...
Ignore the safety of the children? Say hello to the SRO...
You asked
Lie about a death in the family to get out of an exam? Have fun explaining that to mom!
Neighbors entire family are jerks. Seeking petty ideas.
Oh, so you hate tattoos?
The cat that had it coming.....
Dumb driver kept trying to race me so I caused him to get a ticket
Ignore my No Soliciting sign? Say hi to the police!
Slingshot toting, aspiring mischief maker gets a lesson on physics and instant karma
Passive aggressive pup
Crazy woman at a funeral gets revenge on herself by telling everyone what she had said, looks like an idiot to her family.
Ignore the line of people waiting for a computer? Better log off next time.
Be rude on the bus? Enjoy the smell!
You wanna fuck over my friend then me just for some popularity ? Have fun in summer school after being shunned.
NSFW (for language lol) Pitiful.. oh so good tho HA-HA! 👉
Slack off during work, leave my friend to do everything alone, and suck up to the higher-ups? We'll see about that...
Take my parking spot? I’ll take 4 of yours!
Dad thinks he knows computers.
Random person
Rude drunks get a lasting reminder
Steal the Computer I've Been Waiting 30 Minutes For, Suffer the Consequences
Attack of the lice
My neighbor passive-aggressively weedeats my lawn and I passive-aggressively let him
Friend at school was horrible to me so I...
Friend used to bully me at school
Bully me at a funeral... enjoy your audit.
An Ode to a Bitch
Just let people use your restroom next time
Have fun with your audit.
Rude waitress goes too far.
Be rude and take my seat ..... I'll bloody well make you wait!
Delicious Revenge
A comedy of errors and a serious creep.
Fuck with me? I'll fuck with you.
Be a dick throughout High School to me? Have fun getting your warranty claim denied!
Slimeball reporter endangers cops, soggy revenge ensues.
"Your spot" you dont live here
Mess up my serve? Have some balls in your face.
The time a waiter got the best of my demanding Grandfather
What should I️ do?
Parking over the line
My Aunt upsets my Mother, I exact opportunistic revenge.
Talk about me in another language that you think I can’t understand
Talk about me in another language that you think I don’t understand
Hotel stole $1,000 from me, so I made a review video of their hotel.
Greedy housemates petty revenge
All that for nothing
Insulting me because of my attire
Camp until the prize come along? Doesn't work on me!
Backless dress
Short change me £10?! Say hello to Revenue and Customs!
Led me on
Steal my bike? Right I'll get it back!
Keep me from adding a window to my roof? Let me just build another story ontop!I click on annoying ads to charge whoever posted it
Taking precious time
Revenge 5 years in the making!
Pay Attention or Pay the Tax
My ex and his henchwoman screwed over me, so I ruined their workplace and sleep.
Cable company
$4 Fedex Paper or: How I Learned to Seek Petty Revenge and Love Every Moment.
Dude I tried to tell you...
Scream at me to use my air?! Yeah right.
Somebody in my neighborhood got mad enough at Key Bank that they hired a plane to fly a message around town
Rejected a girl and destroyed her self-esteem.
Okay, I guess we're *both* going to have to think about vomit.
Be a creep? fine, you get banned from this store
Crazy woman at gas station
Repost: I told my puppy to pee on someone
"Go get a private car?" How about stop letting yourself get distracted while driving on a highway at rush hour?!
Just setup for freelance and my first interaction was negative
Make sure your top button is done up!
Oh you’re going to pimp me out ? Lol ok enjoy being unemployed.
Don’t keep dinging my dang car.
Save all your shit for our walks? Hope you enjoy carrying it.
Slow your roll, Grandma
Hit on my girlfriend? I’ll wait till you die and fuck your wife.
Raise brat, which bullies my son - say godbye to free money!
The pettiest revenge on a loud neighbor.
[NSFW] If you tease me in school, don't expect to get laid
ironía
Guy wants to drink for free, ends up being a very expensive night for him
Cashier revenge
Please etransfer the money asap
I need assistance
Crafty taxi driver gets outsmarted
Free Insurance Quotes for the Attitude
"this woman in the target parking lot tossed her mcdonalds bag and drink out of her window but jokes on her she left her window down before going inside so I tossed that shit back in"
Annoying a Loud Neighbor
Loud TV? How about no TV?
Verbal Judo
Threaten to report the company for safety violations? Get fired for not following those same regulations.
You keep farting around me? I'll make sure all of you indulge in a singular fart.
Try to frame me for cheating? I’ll get you back, except you actually were cheating.
Bored?
Do Not Encroach Upon My Register!
Feeding a greedy jerk
“It’s FINE.”
Help me RIGHT a delivery food WRONG!
Don't Disrespect My Music and Equipment
Science project leech gets a failing grade
Make fun of my minor weight gain? You'll regret that.
This girl in the theater had her feet up on the back of my friend's chair.
Cutting corners leads to a longer walk
Don't be rude to the people who count your money.
Foot on headrest
Your girlfriend is no longer impressed.
Shoot my friend with a B.B. gun, that’s his gun now.
What to do about neighbors?
Need help, roomate(s) keep using my bathwater and never replace it. Wanna find a way on how to catch whos using it.
Don't Ruin My Afternoon Snack
Go over my head? No more favors.
Don’t mess with me and my sub.
Don't want my train seat? Fine, but no need to be rude about it.
Road-rager threatens me and expects to get away with it
Harass my gf, enjoy **** on your face
Thanks for the unintentional tip, asshole!
Long term revenge that will result in much yelling.
Make fun of my brother and be a jerk to me for a week? enjoy your ruiend night.
Did nothing to get someone who didn't know I existed in trouble
Ghost me and then try to come back into my life? Guess I'll waste your time...
Don't go to sleep when we ask you to, then wake up to a rickroll
No, I did not steal your $5
Sometimes the best revenge is doing nothing at all
Tag me on FaceBook to harass a girl? I'll harass your school.
Cut me in line? I’ll block your car
I owe you money? Don’t worry, I’ll pay you back every cent.
Pettid
Salty customer
Won't let me pass? Enjoy my bright lights as I spin out of control, bitches!
Break my tires? Hope you like paying for my new TV!
I got revenge on a man who tried to kill me. Finally.
If you shorten my lunch break, I will ruin yours.
Blind me. I hope you werent in a rush
Cut in line? Hope you don‘t mind wasting time then.
Revenge with Added Karma.
Are you threatening me?
Don’t pull up, be prepared to reverse
Salty customer
Do you HAVE to stand so close?
Please, enjoy my lunch that I didn’t pack for you.
Petty but satisfying revenge against two telemarketers
Well, are you leaving or not?!
"What do you mean you can't find my uniform?"
Click, click, boom
Snap at me for no reason? Enjoy your son's ruined birthday!
Wait Until Midnight the Night Before to Tell Me to Do Your Part of the Presentation? Not Happening.
Right of way as a pedestrian.
Revenge on overbearing parent reserving seats in a first come first served area
Sex, Lies, and Video Games (SFW)
Roommate’s Underwear
You Can't Park There
Cheapskate Landlord ends up paying.
Step-grandmother is bitch, gets manipulated in returnStick my clothes in the garbage bin? -.- Seriously? I don't think so.
Stick my clothes in the garbage bin? Have fun sleeping with the washer/dryer on all night :D
So I'm a shit comic. How about I give you no more work.
Get it while it’s fresh
Too lazy to write a few sentence? GOOD, write me an essay.
Take a rude jab at me for no reason, guess ill waste your time.
Don't need my advice? OK, I won't GIVE you my advice.
Beer story
Rude Man Gets Revenge-Produce Edition
Force me to do extra credit but I won't get points for it? No problem.
On my neighbors
Ex-wife texted me to tell me she had gotten engaged.
Almost hit my car? Have fun detailing your car again.
Teacher Vengeance
Revenge porn
Assume you can take my coins as a tip without asking? Fine, you'll give me my coins back and now you don't get any tip.
The best .25 cents I’ve ever spent
Ex-wife texted me to tell me she had gotten engaged.
The Wal-Mart story by Joe the Peacock (old story, VERY long, strap in)
Boss Was Being a Jerk, So I Messed with his Phone
The Keyboard Hypocrite.
texting in the cinema during the movie? have some passive aggressive revenge..
Imply that I'm autistic? Watch me do a better job than you.
They're probably compensating for something...
Shifty guy
Revenge porn
Everyone knows someone like this
Neighbor kids making dogs bark
Neighbours call the fire department on my first fire so we start two more.
Neighbours call the fire department on my fire so I have two more
Good luck with the local train!
“He’s just a child, get over it”
My old job nearly drove me insane, so I’m trying to do the same to them.
Biblical Pettiness
Steal my seat? Ok, have my revenge...
My platoon's payback
My HOA pissed me off because they cited me for bullshit. I set this up at the entrance of my neighborhood on a Friday night. They won't be back until Monday.
QUESTION: What to write to a former manager
Steal My Cart? Say Goodbye To Your Favorite Coffee Mug
Simple, sweet revenge
Don't give me the document I need, I won't send a nice email
When you call me a bitch in front of others, I'll mess with your downtime...
Death by postal fees
At The Radio City Christmas Spectacular
The Neighbors stay parking in my side yard so I parked in their front yard.
Graduation pettiness?
Petty revenge on a couple of telemarketers
The best 25 cents I've ever spent!
Want to make me work unpaid overtime on a Friday? I'll go for a shit, shower and make myself some food in the office instead.
Don’t know if this counts as revenge but it’s got to be petty... whenever somebody starts to tailgate me, I start driving a LOT slower. Take full 2-seconds at every stop sign, etc.
Kindergarten Revenge
Say my opinion is meaningless because I don't have post-nominals?
He farted in my face. Then he overdosed on coke in a park near my home.
Mean magic the gathering guy
You wanna lie to me about pay? It's gonna cost you.
Running into Childhood Bully Later in Life
What do you do when you get phone calls from scammers?
Making a penny count.
How's it feel?
The Unknown Late Fee and the 150+ Old Checks
Not texting back
Try to charge me unjustifiable rent then proposition my boyfriend? Say goodbye to that security deposit.
Avoid doing the group project and need to leave early on presentation day? That's not happening.
Got fired unfairly,
No pickles, eh?
Bye, Felicia! Enjoy finding another internship.
Need some petty revenge advice for robocalls/telemarketers...
Didnt get the job because I never forget.
Insert interesting title about a dog that won’t shut up and it’s owner who doesn’t care here.
Kiss your promotion goodbye
My coworkers were belittling assholes and I was in charge of making coffee, so every once in a while I would use decaf in the “regular” pot and they would complain of headaches all day. Sweet revenge.
Don’t try to charge me unjustifiable rent then proposition my boyfriend
Say bye-bye to fun [[[FOLLOW UP]]]
Shitty nurse manipulates my family against me. I make his day worse just a little bit.
Try to steal our seat and give us attitude about it…gl with that spider that crawled into your backpack.
Passing lane hog nearly missed her exit
Keep me from saying my last name. Hope you enjoy reading my papers the rest of the year.
Shitty Roommate? Mind if I just mooch off you?
When Dealing With Trolls
I probably screwed myself over. But it was worth it.
Be mean to my parents? Say bye to your bushes
Just do as your manager says...
Mess up my order and act stupid, have fun cleaning the deep fryer.
Exclude me? You're not invited to the summer picnic.
Park on my lawn? Become a moving billboard.
Battle for Parking
I set parental controls on my ex’s sling
Invade my home? Enjoy getting peed on.
Some guy tried to use a power move at a crowded sheetz
I popped balloons to wake up my shitty neighbors child as revenge.
Rude to me? Enjoy my catalogues.
Tell everyone i stole from you? Enjoy everyone being mad at you.
Old roommate stole over $5,000 worth of my stuff when she moved out. Finally got my ultimate petty revenge.
A Flat response
Some people are so rude
Say bye-bye to fun
Wait till I’m at the other end of the state to break up with me? Enjoy being ridiculed and removed from the group chats
Wait till I’ve basically left the state to break up with me? I’m taking the group chats then.
Fake Coworker Should Take Note
Constantly take my food? Fine. Good luck with the drug testing.My coworkers are constantly tattling on each other to my boss, and today, they tried to drag me into it.
April Showers
Nope - sorry, I can't help you!
Fight me, Linda
Want to rat me out to my boss? Enjoy your ruined holiday!
How I wasted a fake Microsoft phone scammer's time.
I'm a simple man: I see it, I eat it.
Here's a story about my 9th grade Spanish class bully.
Have sex in the room next to me while I’m deathly sick and trying to sleep? Have fun getting sick during graduation!
Someone tried hacking into my EA Origin account... Now I have his email
Ex lies about being banned from bar to get sympathy, so I get him banned
Trying to cut the queue? We'll see about that
I finished all the easy parts of of our puzzle...
You want to be a verbal abuser? Dont complain when things don't go your way.
Don't dump your daughter and then abandon your car
Enjoy your tomatoes...
Ignore me when I try to tell you why you shouldn‘t pet my dog? Sure, go ahead
Bully ESL student? Now everyone thinks you’re a pervert.
I am the reason this household still stands
Good luck opening that door, sirs.
You got serv(er)ed
Steal my craft, I’ll steal it right back
You just wanna talk in class?No prob
Fake friends? Enjoy being unemployed and single.
I totally ruined your plan to replace me with your boyfriend as the busser.
You really want this turret? Fine, but we're gonna lose the match...
A dog, the eighties, and Petty Revenge.
Act stupid and then mess up a simple order, have fun cleaning the deep fryer.
This is called an alarm clock bomb
Insult MY Web Skills? Enjoy Your NEW Website!
Total A-Hole boss
Boss was a jerk, ends up getting arrested.
Hope you enjoyed your night, because I’m going to enjoy your wake up call.
A birthday present for a cheating ex, part two: the letter
Let’s talk affairs. I’ll go first—
I hate loud music
Alright Son, spend your youth tormenting me, your old mother? I forgive you (now).
Rude to me and my coworkers? Hope you don't mind waiting for your medications.
Have a taste of your own medicine
Local used car place sold me a crap car, they shut down a year later
Need ideas to get back at a douchebag
You take creepshots of my girlfriend, I redirect your website to goatse
Fellow student expects us to do her work in a group project, I let her fail and have to retake the class
A housemate didn't pay rent for 2 months and broke into my house, and so when he got a job at the same place as I did, I got revenge.
Delivering for Dominos for a couple months and when I got stiffed...
A birthday present for a cheating ex
Low level teasing equals low level revenge, but it feels great.
Revenge by accident?
Must be a fake.
Promotion turns coworker into a snob and me into a petty ass
Accuse me of stealing toiler paper again? Let's plug the toilet with some.
I had her seeing red. (Warning: gross)
Diss us for imperfect Lawns? Pride goeth before the fall!
Made a guy chew on sand cause his son mistakenly read between the lines
I hope this annoys my ex wife
Out of work ChoosingBeggar gets sent packing
Don't contribute to the project after constant reminders? Enjoy a piss grade
What goes around, comes around: A story of petty revenge on a bad, bad client
My aunt ruined my dinner, so I ruined hers.
Spend your time coming up with creative ways to scare me? I’ll give you a complex.
Former karate instructor holds belt hostage
Try to screw me over in class? Enjoy your failing grade.
When bullying goes wrong
Need ideas to get revenge on roommates
Treat me like dirt and I'll make you lose your "career"
Realtor takes us to a house, realizes it's too good for the price and tries to make us not buy it.
His loss my Gain
Turning a situation upside-down
Super-duper petty supermarket fun.
Shitty Customer at Coffeehouse
Tailed on the highway
The perfect gift for the bigot in your life
The perfect Mother’s Day Gift for the bigot in your life -
I've reported a subreddit mod for refusing to unban me
Guess you were right- I AM a bitch
Two Can Play at That Game
Some petty revenge dished out by a friend of mine
Feeling superior and being jerks? Let's see what are the results.
My friend failed to tell me about a horrible scene in a movie, so I got her back.
Old man driver
Don't want to teach me how to drive in the car I'll get from you?
"You giant to wear the company issued uniform" Well if you insist.... X-post from r/maliciouscompliance
GF cheats, time for revenge.
Be an asshat, look like as asshat.
Help Me Make Them SUFFER:
flick that cig on the ground right in front of the grocery storre after getting out of your $100K Porsche? Wipers are great for holding things
Talk behind my back and get exactly what you want
self termination!
Oh you cheated on me? Wait until immigration hears about it
Cause a minor inconvenience at work? Enjoy a minor inconvenience when you leave.
Threaten My Home? No, That's Not Going to Happen
Won't stop bugging me and your older sister? Time to get you in trouble!
Get too close when I'm crossing? Enjoy your minor inconvenience!
Like to argue with people that do not exist at 3am almost every night? No problem.
Unpleasant Uptight Neighbor Gets Yard FULL OF BIRD SHIT
Tony the Certified Check Scammer
Piss off the entire hostel? Well...
They didn't notice the camera when they were stealing food from the office fridge.
Leave half of your living room in the hallway for weeks? How about I trash your place?
Old lady acts all sweet, then puts me down when she thinks I can’t hear....enjoy your coupons and alerts, honey.Overtake me in a queue? have fun spending 5minutes at a junction
Start an argument with me? I’ll eat the rest of your cereal!
Oh, you’re going to be spiteful? Here, lemme just cut your power off.
Was nice to my brother to spite my sister.
Messy Night Owl Housemates Will Now Clean up Their Act or Face The Music (Pun Intended)
Pick up those jellybeans bitch.
Endanger my life? I can do the same if I want to, and I'll sabotage your startup
Try to steal everyone's work and snub us outside of class? Now nobody will work with you
Did some petty pampering for a friend
My sister borrowed my sparkling truck and left me with her filthy Porsche Cayman, so I detailed *half* of it [xpost r/cars]
Want to be a lazy ass and make me do your job? Say goodbye to your monthly bonus
My sister borrowed my sparkling truck and left me with her filthy Porsche Cayman, so I perfectly cleaned *half* of it [xpost r/cars]
Sister borrowed my truck and leaves me with her filthy car, so I detail *half* of it [xpost r/cars]
The smell of justice
Rude Phone Customer has to wait.
Guy is a complete a-hole on the road, his texting and driving causes an accident, I pull over to give police a report on what I saw so he doesn't drive again for a while.
Guy continuously messes with me on the road (while he's texting and driving), then slams into another car, causing a three-car accident.
I took the most necessary items from a lady's shopping cart in an act of petty revenge.
Refuse to acknowledge my request? You’ll have to travel to pick up your online orders now.
A petty battle of mac n’ cheese and ketchup.
Well you're not getting your way today!
My high school bully getting evicted
Your going to play obnoxiously loud music - say goodbye to you internet access.
Calico towel
I made him pay for it
Suspend me for no reason I’ll just wait for Khama to take its course and boy did it.
Blob takes a bet (part two)
Pull my chair and get humiliated, taste your own medicine
Don't tell cops they can't do something
Blob takes a bet (part one)
On a scale of 1- petty how petty was this
Want to be a lazy ass and make me do all of your work? Say goodbye to your bonus for the month
Just a tip
Get cocky in a school election? Be ready to lose
Need petty advice for a neighbor.
Threw some shit at a friend
I guess it’s time for new friends...lol
A professor isn't super kind to me, and I will reduce how many people sign up for his class.
Glandular fever-infused tea
You cheated on me with multiple girls ? You're about to spend bucks on clothes.
When cars don’t obey rules of the road, are impatient and put my life in danger to save 4 seconds at a light
Seeking advice on a shoe war.
Calico towel
Everyone hates my girlfriends roommate.
Keep Asking for Notes, Good Luck on the Final
Two can play at this game.
Ideas for drunk food eating roommate?
Wanna write your name on my quiz?
Offer me a job then ghost me? Enjoy Puppy Bombs
Telemarketer calling me while I'm in the theater watching Infinity War? Enjoy your spoilers.
Stalker girl won't leave my friend alone, so I post an ad asking for sex with her number and photo.
PowerPoint you say?
You ruin my meal, I’ll ruin yours
Turned the tables on someone who attempted to hijack my Netflix (and may continue to do so)
Don't want to get in line? Guess you go second then.
Starting a passive aggressive war with the neighbor
Yes we’re roommates, but what’s mine isn’t yours
You're kicking me out of the house and don't do your part of our deal? You won't have internet and now you have to call for a new service
I miss Backpage
Don’t work on a project? Enjoy a zero for a major grade
New Car Bitch
I dated my POS exes brother for an entire year.
Offer me a job then ghost me? Enjoy Puppy Bombs
Get my hopes on a new job then ghost me? Have a few Puppy Bombs
Avenging My Wrongs
I met a rude and condescending neighbour today...
I’ll call you out for saying my picture is fake.
Accuse me of stealing g your Wal-Mart brand shampoo and conditioner could be dangerous for your hair.
Handcuff yourself and not come back to your job for an hour? Enjoy being unemployed.
Hmmm I think your speakers are loud enough to trip the breakers (that are in my apartment)
“Who smeared Poop on my door???”
Do you want saliva with your fries.
Demand I show you everything in the store? I’ll make sure to make it painfully annoying.
You get the furniture, I'll get the cake
Threaten to kill my mom and hack me over psn. I’ll spoil all of god of war for you
Petty Pencil Pest
Moderator refuses to allow my question. I politely argue with logic 'til muted.
Cheating friend wanted sympathy
I was pissed off because I forgot this caesar salad for this customer...
Cheating friend wanted sympathy
Hippie loses her hairbrush halfway across the country
You try and be petty with me?
The trashy neighbor...
If you're a mean old hag to everyone, and I'll inconvenience you non-stop...
“I don’t believe you”
He tried to hold the door open for me...
Grab my boob and pull a victim card? Fuuuuck you.
Wife never puts the toilet paper on the holder.
Laundry time
Hijack my spotify? Enjoy some irritating music!
Older brother used to bully me, so I shit on his toothbrush.
Skip me in line? You're going to have a bad time.
Wake me up from midnight to 5 in the morning? Hope you like dicks on your car
Narc mom gets let down
You're lucky i didnt do more.
If you stir up enough shit, it just might end up coming to you.
Pokemon Gone
Won't you please spam my company's survey?
Just happened, I feel pretty pissed, but now just a little better.
Jerk at the gym feels my wrathTell me you have the perfect job for me then ghost me? Fine. Enjoy the Puppy Bomb.
If you can’t take the heat get out of the kitchen.
I wouldn’t have done anything if she wasn’t rude.
Quite distasteful indeed.
Minivan blocks traffic in parking structure by waiting for car to leave, so I take her spot.
Enjoy a few extra hours at work every Monday, for years!
Cross Contamination
Using Toto's Africa as revenge
Don't accuse my friends.
You bullied me and denied it. You are a social worker and you were hired to HELP me. I'm just starting getting back at you.. it ain't over yet B. Revenge is a dish best served COLD
I'm moving out in 2 weeks
Steal my rental deposit? Wonder what your charity employer will think of that kind of unethical behaviour...
If you can’t stand the heat get out of the kitchen.
Chase me through a parking lot to tell me that's against policy? Ok.
The upstairs neighbor turned the water on while I was in the shower.
Asshole Accountant
Do I know you?
When someone takes pettyrevenge against you
How does rabbit poop taste?
Wrote a hidden obscenity in a stupid goodbye letter and sabotaged expensive homebrew beer.
I’m done playing games
Imply I'm the one who won't stick in at the gym, whose saying that when I lost a stone and a half
You wanna be rude? Enjoy being stuck in the rain.
I won’t accept your email receipt.
Now that's a race!
The Wham! Bomb
Divorce me while I am sick? That’s fine, enjoy being single.
Throw your money at me? Thanks for the tip.
Petty revenge for a bully
Sold me a car that was screwed in the long run, then take 3+ weeks for a 3day repair and lie about it?
Hope you like my paper Mr P
Payback to a Revengeful Piano Tutor (Repost from (r)Pro-revenge)
Reclaim Parking Space any ideas?
Hope you weren't too attached to those Pandora stations
Petty revenge with more petty revenge as an encore.
Judge my intentions by my appearance? Good luck with the body shop
If you’re gonna smoke an entire pack of cigarettes and throw the butts into my mom’s pool, I’m gonna make your life hell ten years later.
Can anyone help me get some petty revenge?
Help me survive the next two weeks until my wedding
Don't make crank calls from someone else's phone.
Steal my food will you? Well I hope you like disobeying your religion!
The Bell
So you want you tailgate me and Benny?
6am Means 6am
Keep slamming me with work, enjoy cleaning up the store.
Stop screaming at your Xbox
I hope you’re still stuck with the bill
Lazy family who never walk their dogs
Do you remember the movie "Mallrats"?
Petty parking
When you’re the wrong type of customer...
Guess I'm not qualified to work with computers
Wifes fuckboy
Lie and try to get me in trouble at work? Enjoy poop in your ear.
I chickened out of staying at a nudist resort, and the saleswoman wasn't happy
Try to short me? The next buyer gets your purchase instead
"Mom, Dad, Jillian clogged the toilet!"
Make work ergonomically unfriendly? Fine, carry that heavy load yourself, puny man.
God's gift to technology, except...
Cut the water in my house? Better park correctly
I reported my former bosses to the company ethics line.
Bully me? I’ll date your crush and make sure he’ll never like you.
No phone calls for you
Guy Playing Traffic Cop
Maybe I would have sympathy if you weren't such a b*tch
Oh, so you want "spousal support" huh? Looks like it's back to regular TV for you.
Be a dick, I won’t capitalise your name!
Play stupid games, win stupid prizes.
Send spam texts, get them in return.
So my bestfriend and me got into a fight... she was being very fake soooo
Jokes on them..
Getting the last word on the dishes
Bully had it coming
Be a jerk to your substitute teacher? Better watch yourself!
Don’t take my spinach without asking
Don’t let me merge in front of you then!
If you leave your clothes in the washing machine for days, I’ll sew them all together.
Crappy recruiter agency reviews bombed.
My roommate failed to pay electric for 3.5 months and we've been here one month..
park in my spot, be mildly inconvenienced.
Constantly steal from coworkers then complain to the boss about a label being stolen?
What a cheater deserves.
My roommate used all the toilet paper and didn’t even at least text me to let me know
Managers got me fired from working at Pizza Hut, but karmas a bitch (VERY LONG STORY)
Think I'm a slow, stupid female? I won't ask you how you're doing!
Locked Out
I hope you lose a foot.
Getting back at my bullies
Enjoy the consequences of having the sharing skills of a five-year-old
Letting them enjoy the hangover
I drink a 1/2 gallon of water so they don't get any.
Drive someone insane for only $12.
Don't read your emails and be a pain in my ass? Get your own paper towels!
Steal our shit and give us a hard time while we're moving? Enjoy getting rid of a bricked big-screen TV and a gutted sound system!
Set a rude French civil servant straight.
Time waits for no man, especially an impatient one.
Here's your trash back, butthole
I ordered 80$ worth of pizza for a non-existant client.
Unfriend and conquer
Boss is rude and incompetent, let’s show the whole companyImpatient over 5 minutes? Enjoy extra wait while quarreling with your daughter
A harassing customer gets to deal with a screaming baby bird
Peer uni student gives me a scathing criticism based on nothing
Open letter, to the man next to me on my flight home
Fine, I'll do your dishes.
You had another guys cum in your mouth
Roommate drunkenly skipped out on his cab fare and made me pay so I made him sweat..
Help me enact subtle revenge on the upstairs neighbors!
Stole $250,000 and fled the country? I’ll post your criminal record on a website with your namesake
Just someone parking in my Commander's spot at work.
Hope you enjoyed your cold shower!
Getting my ex fired...
Roommate drunkenly skipped out on his taxi fare and made me pay so I made him sweat..
Oh you want to follow me into the bathroom? You’re trapped now.
Want me to watch your shitty tv show? Smell my wrath
Cheat on me, face a pocketful of poop.
Merry Christmas
Massive ego and a general asshole? How about a dose of reality.
Help me get revenge on this guy bullying my friend.
Slow driver in the fast lane
Enjoy giant bamboo planted all over your yard. Maybe you'll stop parking in front of my house.
Advice on some petty revenge
Revenge help?!
My psycho next door neighbor cost me 500$
The ultimate shin-dig of a revenge
Crappy sister revenge
I can't have my chair? You can't have internet.
Enjoy your usually high postage bill
Question. I need a place to drop a phone number?
Kick my Seat? Enjoy Missing the Movie.
Aggressive kitchen etiquette
Wake me up after the bars? Hope you love metal!
Set me up to stand me up? Two can play that game.
I’ve been getting back at my brother by creating minor inconveniences in his life.
Two birds, one stone
Stringing someone along? Time for revenge!
Want to use my money to use the dryer? Enjoy your gross ass clothes.
Want to insult me while asking me to do you a favor after my shift? Enjoy your cheese.
Hipster Douche
You keep me up at night?I'll make you regret it. (NSFW)
Ways to mess with someone you live with?
No revenge yet, but I've got a juicy revenge story coming up.
pick on me at school? fine, then I'll just give your dad a horrifying blowjob.
4 dryers for a 9-story apartment building, WCGW?
Sweet Justice.
Ongoing petty revenge battle with friend's girlfriend
Made a bad manager's workload harder while making mine easier.
Short story, the most passive aggression.
Petty Genes
Can’t be quiet while having sex? Enjoy a performance.
DESTROY THIS EMAIL
I just have to pee
Sent a glitter bomb to my ex.
I need some ideas to get back at the biggest asshole I've ever encountered.
Pull my clothes out of the washer? Enjoy wet clothes and wasted time
We tried for Revenge, and instead we got Petty Revenge...on ourselves
Little sis isn’t my mother, well I’m not hers either
Be mean to the person who makes your food and you'll get what you ask for.
If my roommates do something annoying or tick me off. I wait till they leave or go to sleep then unplug their PS4 controllers.
Any time my wife doesn't replace a toilet roll that she exhausted, I will do it for her. However, I will install the roll backwards so that the flap will burn under the roll, which she hates.
Flip me off while almost hitting me? Enjoy being inconvenienced.
I hate you Mark
No, I'm not leaving yet. Good luck getting this table, tho.
Someone that did me really wrong. Send something bad 9548653069
Be a good neighbor, or you won’t be a neighbor at all
Curtesy is free...
Rude to me at my call center job?
I exacted the most minor revenge I could upon my landlord today.
Think you're above the law? Think again...
Rented a billboard to ruin a teacher's reputation that bullied me
Skip class for free burritos? I’m going to eat your burrito.
Don't invite me for lunch? I won't share my free drinks.
Keep me in school when I should have left? Enjoy getting blasted
"I need to know where to get body parts from now!!"
Steal my phone will you? Enjoy the useless heap of metal!
Parking Lot Picnic Time
Trying to put me down to look cool in front of new employees? Good luck coming back from this one.
You want to be insensitive, I have a game we can play.
[Request] Flatmate giving piano lessons at night
stop trying to sell me Scentsy
Petty office move.
SIL make fun of me? You get only text for your birthday.
Don't bite the hand that feeds you.
Steal my seat? Enjoy taking photos of the back of my head.
Trouble in Paradise
Tailgate me for 20 miles, you might regret it.
A middle-aged man talked down to me without knowing I was in charge, I removed all his advertising.
you're my customer, not a friend
Cancel all my rewards points because you don’t like my opinion on your survey? I’ll still get my free stuff!
Off duty cop gets coffee thrown at her car after telling my wife her mother is a bitch.
Forwarding the answer
Leave me to constantly pick up your slack? Not anymore!
I know this is weird but can someone actually help me get some petty revenge?
You need me more than I need you.
I made a girl that bullied me, drink my friend's semen, without her knowing. [NSFW]
Aged 6, I put soap on my dads toothbrush
Never Mess With The Guy Delivering Your Food
Who talks on the phone in a sauna?
Childhood best friend steals dad’s money, blames it on me years later
I jizzed down my co-workers girlfriends throat and told him about itI just down my co-workers girlfriends throat and told him about it
Run over a kid with a stroller at the Magic Kingdom? Good luck finding your stroller!
Make fun of my name, Hooters girl?
Park like a dick? Enjoy your yoghurt poops!
any help?
Milk and cookie.
Milk and cookie.
SPAM THIS NUMBER
If you embarrass me one too many time, I will ghost you
Well, "important" person, I hope you have no where important to go....
Annoy every person in the terminal? Get your bag confiscated by TSA.
A ladyrefused to pay for the damage she caused to my car
Looking for revenge ideas for against my boyfriend
Bully wants me to ask my father if he can employ him
Don't let me merge into the on ramp lane? Ill see you again fool!
My (now former) girlfriend used to always complain, so I enacted revenge using my anus!
If you're going to cheat on me and rub it in my face by sending me a screenshot of texts, block out the number next time.
Unintentional revenge: A car accident I profited from!
Petty fun
Wake me up at 3am? Prepare to be snuggled!
Helping my roommate keep his cup clean water
In my teens I spent some years in a reform school
Midnight Move
If You Were Reasonable with Offers, You Would Have a Longboard
My dad and the Friday half-day
Want to play music loud? Okay I’ll play some of my own.
Let your dog pee on my car, how about I 'flood' your appartment
Park where I told you not to park? Have fun getting out of the car park.
The Mud Pit
Introducing some pop culture to a Christian MLM company.
Wake us all up at 6am, expecting to get laid? Not on my watch.
Make me roll down a big ass hill and laugh about it? Payback is a bitch.
So some of my mail disappeared...
NofreewififorSNItCHES
Teen buys every cupcake in shop after customer fat-shames her
Rescind a job offer after showing me my desk? Watch me smile as we repo your printer
Fool me thrice, It won't be nice.
Please stop calling, or I'll set the accountant on you
Wakey wakey
Don’t bathe with my towel and your cups won’t taste like ass
Go on, keep bragging about your GPA
Weaponized Mario Kart
A high horse ungained is a high horse punished (Ongoing)
Favorite shirt revenge
Track Everything
"Track everything"
Don't bully your students
Use my shampoo and body wash and deny it? Have fun smelling like vinegar.
Send Nudes!!!
Student loans lose out on $1700
My brother has tortured me for years.
Won't Let me use some Ketchup? Have fun trying to cook anything in the house
What's your best petty revenge story?
Want me done cleaning by 6:45?
Quick, dumb revenge on a Spotify freeloader.
I read this article and it definitely belongs here.
Tiny Revenge on Bitchy Coworker
Some years ago in a dumb game (or more like chatroom)
"Water"gate
Don’t think it’s your responsibility as an adult to clean up after yourself at work? Enjoy having NO cup of coffee on a Monday morning!
Today I prevailed with a free lunch
Impatient and rude in line? How about wait just a biiit longer for your treats!
It was on clearance because it came in this way.
Plumber gets petty revenge on complaining customer
Mess up my home? I turn you into youtube!
Is this a d*ck move by me, tit for tat
Make me miss work? I’ll ruin your favorite show for you
Hot Gravy
Time to prove them right?
Guy bangs my girlfriend, I take his dream job.
My ex left me for another guy 10 months ago, today we matched on Tinder
Messing with my crazy ex girlfriend
Enjoy mashed potatoes in your jacket pockets
You trying to farm negative karma with your purposely inflammatory comments?
So you wanna leave your trash cans in the street all week?
Dude was telling lies about my boyfriend so I made him lose his house
I’ve annoyed my supervisor for 2 years
Try to steal my girlfriend after stealing my iPod? Nah.
Don't be assholes when camping.
Raise my rent? Have fun with City Code Enforcement
You think I'm too slow? Enjoy going even slower.
A terrible revenge plan somehow works out far better than it should
Got ghosted by a guy, made his favorite band hate him
Be terrible? Demand gas pumped? Sure thing!
Got laid off for shady reasons, called the Health Department on my (former) boss
I can't stand my neighbor
Keep breaking building norms? Enjoy getting doused.
I may be escalating a feud immaturely
Some great unintentional revenge
Throw Food At My Co-Worker in Uniform, I’ll Call Your Boss.
If I you pull into my lane you'd better give yourself enough leeway get up to speed.
Piss me off at work? Prepare for crop-dusting
Bossy Mid-Level Manager gets Told
Neighbor need ideas
Poetic road justice.
Want to be mediocre? Well, I will help you in doing it.
Sack my wife at Christmas? Ok then...
Impatience can often lead to waiting even longer
Waste my time and I'll waste yours
Roommate always plays victim and cries when she doesn’t get her wayPark like an ass? Hope you like bird shit all over your car.
Woman overtakes me while speeding.
Kids rearrange vacationing couples house
Kids rearrange neighbors house while they're away on vacation.
The box with a homing instinct
Kids rearrange entire house when neighbors leave for vacation.
Tail gate, I'll make you wait.
Waste 30 seconds of my time? I’ll waste 3 hours of your time.
Ask for my help, and then insult me? Enjoy having to wait for a restart
Coworker put fiber into the work's public-coffee, used the excuse that he bought it as justification.
Coworker put fiber into the work's public-coffee, used the excuse that he bought it as justification.
How do you like excessive calls?
Need help on an idea to stick it to my horrible neighbor
From a news article: Teenager who was fat-shamed at a bakery gets revenge by buying EVERY cupcake in the shop to spite the woman behind her in the queue who taunted her
Five shitty months after my ex cheated on and left me, I got my own small story of petty revenge to tell.
McDonald's manager sez no to baby bottle, everyone gets a free peep show instead
Busting a road-rager
Fat shaming leads to buying ALL the cupcakes
Gonna blind me with full beams while I'm reversing? Well enjoy the taste of your bumper scratch.
Almost hit me over a parking space? Enjoy being boxed in.
My wife stole my bluetooth work headphones to look at porn so I paired them with my phone and played a Joel Olsteen anti masturbation sermon about 5 minutes in.
Complain about an imaginary vibration? Enjoy your noise.
My childhood bully contacted me, and it was satisfying.
Honk at me then throw pennies at me? Have fun waiting
Expect us to do your bookings with a third party for you? I'll happily waste your precious time!
Need ideas for revenge on sister...
When an Uber driver refuses to return your stuff
Someone called me a nerd. Than me scrolling through /r/hacking payed off.
Teen buys every cupcake in shop after customer fat-shames her
[Article] ‘let’s hope this fat bitch doesn’t buy all the cupcakes’
Enjoy your wobble
Fire me on my birthday will you!
Tour guide outside the computer lab I'm studying in "oh there's no class in here, I can talk about this room then"
Bully Me? I’ll just take out the trash...
That makes you think of me? Well this makes me think of you.
Take a bullshit portion from my food? I’ll take an even more bullshit portion!
Steal my work? Well, the enemy of my enemy.....
Call me a liar in class?
Steal my food, good luck sleeping
For the roommate who refuses to clean up her cooking grease...
Need help with gym bullies
"Sis, you let your friend borrow my car without my permission, &amp; the engine died &amp; the brakes quit? Guess what? You get to white knuckle it all the way home thru the twisty canyon."
Middle school petty revenge: slam book misses the trash can, tween bullies get what's coming to them
Friend's Missing Dog and Pranksters
The king of the dandelions
Want to bully and harass my sister? It's okay, I'll wait...
Don't open the door for me? I'll open some doors for you.
One way or another, you will slow down for me.
Drive reckless in a company vehicle
Video store is late paying us? That will cost you some late fees.
Guy and his friends squeeze me out of my spot in line, I cut him off at the last second
Park on my spot? Fine, have it for entire weekend.
To the woman who slept with my partner, yes it was me who posted your pictures on escorting websites.
Steal my drink, good luck sleeping
Obviously not in that much of a hurry...
Tinder tattling
Made Sure the Work Thieves Couldn’t Strike Twice
Girl in drive-thru gets rude with me.
Sell me a car where the clock doesn’t work right after overselling the vehicle? Fine, I’ll make you fix the $2000 radio where the clock is at no cost to me - and I’ll put over 1k miles on one of your brand new cars.
Don’t want to wash your own dishes? No brownies for you.
Call this girl, she cheated on me and egged my car
Driver Safety is Important
Neighbors made autistic man cry and constantly get smoke into our apartment. They get kitty litter to the head.
Keep teenagers who are being responsible with their schoolwork from getting it completed? Engage: pettiness protocols.
I need you all to call this number.
Fan yells “Overrated!” At Bryce Harper. 3 seconds later...
Make me feel like a loser? Let me call your mom
Don't be mean to old folks
Repeatedly piss on the toilet seat? Have fun taking a dump without a toilet seat!
I was trying to help now you can just keep looking.
Brothers a jackass so he doesn't get any clean clothes
The old people's privilege
My father helped my mom buy her first car, the dealership tried to give her a lemon
Couple ruins movie by being douchebags
Exposed my former boss via review
I love anonymous messaging
Exposed my former boss
Exposed My Former Boss
I don’t recommend posting Sarahah in your Instagram bio
I do you a favour and you tell me off for it? Pettiness ensues.
Getting back at customers at work
Well why don’t YOU call.
Take half my retirement fund in a divorce in which you cheated? Enjoy losing whats most precious to you.
Ghost our team? That's cool.
Gonna not say thank you for my encouraging comment on your sad post? How 'bout I just delete the shit?
Cheat during capture-the-flag? Enjoy your "just desserts."
Don’t drive like an asshat
Don’t like replacing lids on food products? Enjoy your surprise.
Prevent me from doing my job and then chew me out for it? Let's see how you like it!
A Brotherly Feud, or 'why you should be careful what you say when you want to P*%s someone off'
Use the damn cart corral, lady
Illegally pass? I’ll slow down for you
You were like a sister to me.
I found a loophole in my building supplies store's asinine return policy.
Threaten to illegally tow my car? Be prepared to pay some $$
Don't insult me and expect free dog food
Destroy my beauty sleep? Good luck with your Netflix profile!
It's a bit chilly
Neighbors mining for coal
Removing me from our college groupchat because you're shitfaced and don't like me? Enjoy getting kicked out of College.When the popular bully ends up alone
Classmates sit on the floor of the bus
Doors are meant to be opened
Leave a long-term relationship because of minor differences? Lose your Domains!
Deface currency to spread your political views? I'll waste minutes of your time.
When our plan for revenge failed against my friend's sister, she had the opportunity for her own. And took it.
I'm Not Your Mailman
Steal my man's lunch? I'll give you a lunch that you won't forget.
Curse me out? Ok I’ll mail you glitter.
Petty revenge on Buzzfeed
Leave yourself logged into the scanning machine will you? Have a dick drawing.
A Depressed Teenagers Sad Tale Of Hate, Guilt, Loneliness that Turned Out To Be A Revenge On His Haters!
Prank caller get's punked' instead.
"Read Receipts"
"Trying to be professional"
Sometimes petty revenge isn't justice served, but my dad gets back at him by being honest.
Chemist lady was rude towards me and made my cry so I gave her lots of work to do.
Help me out
Kick me to get me to move? Enjoy unemployment.
Ex-girlfriend cost me everything, so I use art to make her question everything about herself.
Revenge is sweet... And sticky
Park in my spot multiple times, now crawl through your passenger seat.
Cut me off in the parking lot?
Be an ass? Guess you didn't want those chips.
Throw crap in the ground where I just swept? Okay.
Pay your own utility bills, Mr. Jones.
Don't work on the group project when you said you would? Have fun getting 2 Zero's.
be rude to me? I won't play into your delusion
Some real petty revenge
I got the personal number of the director for a telemarketing company.
I wasted 25 minutes of a telemarketer's time. Now I need your help!
Take all of the office treats for yourself? I'll mildly inconvenience you all day.
Manager took credit for my work. So a bit of professional revenge took place.
Help me get revenge on a bad housemate.
Microsoft Scammers Computer Destroyed Encrypting His Files !
Free Snacks in the Workplace!
Young, dumb and petty
Be a Pain in My Ass --&gt; Get Your Package Late
Don't want me parking here? Then no one will.
Teamwork Makes the Dream Work
Don't want to use my leftover parking meter time FOR FREE? Fine.
Don't be a dick to your roommate.
Screw with the schedule to suit your needs? Be prepared to take out the trash.
On Hold
Be a bitch, get mocked.
Good Luck Reaching Your Textbooks
Ruin my office reputation? I'll ruin your wardrobe.
The best photobomb ever.
Let's Get Funky! - Noise Wars
Steal my Spotify Account? Hope you enjoy this masterpiece!
I don’t like change, but you might like the contents of my stomach
Spam/text my cheating husbands number with anything 928-814-7355
Now you have to always get out of your vehicle to deliver my mail
My friends trashed a gas station to get back for the owners kicking them out.
Get pissed because I refuse to let you stay in my face watch the petty flow through me.
Don't lie about picking up after your dog.
Give me attitude get a shipping delay
Don't be a mooching, bandwidth stealing, shitty aunt
When the manager slams the customer up against the wall for being a racist douche...
Scam callers
Veel succes, sukkel (Good luck, sucker)
Do not turn the ire the gatekeepers
You Need to Sing at Every Special Event? I Will Upstage You
taking out my laundry because you can't wait your turn? enjoy touching my soiled gym clothes.
I tried being professional about this
Don’t cyber bully me unless you want to be put on blast.
Helped a co-worker exact petty revenge.
Here, enjoy some pettiness with an extra side of petty at work
Call me and insult me: lose your number
Take my Pencil? Well that's a nice phone you have.
Asshole co-workers and boss get what's coming to them
Winning at the DMV
No, no, NO!
Someone petty-revenged on my ass
Need help tracking IP address for SWEET REVENGE
Racist lady comes into my work, my ex tells her off
The Cash Drawer
Petty Revenge On My Ass
Oh Andy, you old finger drummer!
We don't have your funnel!
Tit for Tat...for Tit...for Tat...for Double Tit
I waited out a nervous pooper
You shouldn't drive so close to cars in front of you.
Captain Dickhead and the Slow-Ass Elevator
Revenge on an Ass who uses you for Sex
Won't take off your shoes? Enjoy the burn!
A Gentleman’s Duty
My “friends” tried to screw me out of a place to live and replace me with someone else.
Shut up a loudmouth once and for all
Revenge on ex husband with dogfood
Rude and verbally abusive roommate
I ruined a local celebrity’s image and got him an appointment with the cops
Malcolm Merlyn's Revenge on Indian Scammer
You’re horrible, no more money for you.
Revenge from when I was a teen
Boss was cheating on his wife so I told her because he wouldn’t give me a weekend off.
Revenge at the Cafe
I made my sister miss out on her favorite ride at Disney World.
Try being a good teacher next time.
A poker shark got her revenge on a poker shark.Scammer tricked my mom out of $10
I think I'm in the right place..
Got back at my ex for cheating with me in my best friend
Another housemate stealing food story
Someone accused me of something SHE was doing.
Some assembly required. Good Luck.
A Cockblock Most Gratifying
Breaker breaker 911 we have a problem
Don’t steal parking spaces after a blizzard!
I watered his bed.
One u-turn is too exciting to look at the road, hope you enjoy a few more
Getting my money's worth out of my security deposit
My cousin bought his doctor's domain name
so our car ruins the view of your house? hope nobody's looking.
Karma police
Having fun getting petty payback on teachers at a school that was biased
[news] Canadian man returns 20 bags of dumped garbage to owner
A bigot librarian? Fine. I'll be the nicest ‘Muslim' you ever met.
that.felt.good.
Small but satisfying pettiness at Costco
Grandma’s pet’s petty revenge
So you’re going to ruin my shower?
Modern technology is so much fun.
Request: How to get a restaurant manager in hot water with owners
Unintentional Revenge
Coworker bashing me for voting for Trump so I made her day all about Trump.
You should have been fair with you fares
Don't Stand so Close to me
Don't say I'm a crap PC builder!
Don't cut in line.
Petty revenge on housemate stealing food
You insult me and call me poor for no apparent reason? I hope you like hot showers!
Enjoy the ticking Ms. M
Don't fuck with the valets
My little sister ate my last slice of pizza while I slept...help me plan some petty revenge!
Make me miss my lunch break? Prepare for months of detention.
How to share a dishwasher
College roommate is abusive so I decide to be petty
Park your car in the motorcycle spot? Wait until I decide to leave
Lock me out, you pay rent
Enjoy your wrinkled sweater.
Enjoy filling the cups with ice
Poor Service, I'll leave a penny
So he wanted to mess with my friends and I...
My friend's mother-in-law is a phone shouter, so...
Cat Poop v petty human
I just follow the rules..
I just follow the rules...
I just follow the rules
The worst neighbors meet the loudest alarm clock.
Not gonna shut up on the bus? Have fun getting your ass beat.
Boot my car? Charge me $75? Lose hundreds in profit.
You wanted your drink iced, but didn’t ask for it to be iced? Sure, let me remake that for you.
Inmates have been acting a fool, one refuses to enter the zone. K-9 is called and the entire building is locked down.
Want to be a dick? Fine, pay for someone else's gas.
Childish Revenge
Where are your work permits?
Keep me up all night? Enjoy your day off without internet!
Trespassing and littering in my backyard? Fine, I'll just start composting there.
Hope you like your mildly hotter shower
Say thanks when I hold the door
Bad driver flips off old lady
Non tipper revenge
Roommate takes my stuff, but gets salty when I take his. So I get petty.
Attacking my friend on Facebook, calling her fat, but you have your church info all over your page? Let me just forward some screenshots to your pastor...
Don't tailgate me
Act like an annoying dick in Chinese class, enjoy listening to a high pitched noises
Park in my stall, say goodbye to your tires.
Rude on the train? Karma
My coworkers have a habit of being snarky at each other... So as the new guy, I decided to join in at the dude being snarky to an older teacher.
Enjoy your yogurt covered groceries
Casually drop dirty kleenex as you leave your car? You're gonna have to handle my phlegm next time you get in.
Got Roommate to Stop Using my Things
He deserved it.
Success is the best revenge.
My landlords refused to treat the bug problem
My landlord wouldn’t treat the big infestation.
Roommate’s boyfriend inconvenienced me, so I inconvenienced him right back
No bleach for you
Church roofers parking
Premium for life
Make loads of noise coming in from a night out on a Tuesday? Enjoy the embarrassment of thinking you pissed yourself.
Shovel your own driveway
Coworker gets impatient and cannot wait 5 minutes, and now she has to do more work
Take my parking spot that i just dug out? Fine, I'll bury your car
Someone bought the domain retard.com and has it redirect anyone who visits to a Facebook search for Stephen Cesaro
Going for the Gold [Meta]
Rude lady gets in my face over a parking spot, I puke on her shoes.
I got revenge by humiliating 2 bullies and I don't regret it for a SECOND
Pick your nose and cough right next to me? Enjoy losing your coursepack.
Roomate’s Revenge
Oh my god I just LOVED that donut that you wanted so badly, jerk
Which option is the best?
86 Bicardi Limon
Oh, you're a horrible, gossipy manager? Don't mind if I sit here and slowly pop bubble wrap under my desk to infuriate you.
Enjoy your chap-stick
Take away my ‘business’? I’ll send you to the wrong class!
IDEAS FOR REVENGE😈
To the old man who thought he was slick...I saw you
,I will get payback, even if it's 2 years later
Blaring my car horn at a speeder
You might be able to outsmart the professor, but don’t mess with the curve and other people’s grades
Made her almost experience her brothers death twice.
Best Friend bangs my ex, I impound his car
Added myself on her boyfriend's bucket list
Want to be a dick? I’ll just piss in your Ferrari
I purposely got my brother (M11) banned on CS:GO because he won’t stop yelling and being annoying, as well as playing on my steam account
The crosswalk at my college
Enjoy that 0 on the final exam
Key my car? Enjoy your foul smelling house!
Aggressive driver scared a little old lady in car park
My revenge
I don’t care if you have no electricity for the weekend, SIR.
Throw your rubbish over the fence? No renewed rental agreement for you...
“This is self-explanatory.”
Got called a fag so I figured they should meet some
Can't charge my card if there ain't no money on it...
I logged my sister out of all her websites.
Petty-strike
St. Patty's day pizza denial.
Need help to get revenge.
Teacher's unnecessary "lesson" leads to year(s?) long petty revenge.
Unreasonably void contract and then gets fired
Try to take over a common room and play music all day? Not on my watch.
Ice Cream, You Scream.
You want to lie to customers?
Don't wait your turn? Wait a half hour longer.
College Exam Cheater
Open Secrets
Fine. I will take away your customers.
You want to use my soap?
Sick of listening to someone? I've got the shirt for you!
Cut in line? Time to go around the "block" to find parking
Smokers please be conscious of others.
Undertip me to round out your total? Not on my watch.
My take this job and shove it prank from 1989 - Big Telco CSR Stories Part II
Fake design contest
Thugs try to fuck with our tourist group
Thugs try to fuck with our tourist group
Tailgating? Here. Have a pothole.
You guys want to drive recklessly?
How to get annonymous revenge on a scammer that deserves to be in jail.
Need advice on how to get revenge with someone's address
Make me late for vacation? That's going to cost you.
Going to be an aggressive dick? Eat my spunk!
Start a fight about me being rude? Well only toward you!
Revenge
I ruined a woman's day over an expired coupon.
Push in front of us because you're important? Wait for your reserved table while we're seated ahead of you.
Get password to peoples Instagram account
Best way to get revenge
Enjoy paying max price for a full 24 hours of parking...
Sext with the wife? Hello HR.
Classmate with anger problems gets goaded into being expelled
Canadian dad won't take your shit
*NEED SOME ADVICE* I'm done being nice it's time to get #petty
Someone on the street was smoking in front of me so I shot in front of him and farted
No, you can't borrow my squirt gun.
Let us put 25k into a property then tell us we can’t buy it? Not s chance.
they ruined my life. my depression will ruin theirs. CPS AND COPS
Rude in the drive-thru? Enjoy less of everything you love.
Help! Insurance fraud/theft attempt
Be an ass to everyone in high school? Enjoy watching your dreams crumble.
Gonna rat me out? Enjoy having your calendar ruined.
Charged extra $0.50 &amp; no napkins
Data analysis right away
I'm using the dryer, wait your turn.
Are you rude to me? Enjoy paying €0.05 extra
I'll waste some time.
Cryptocurrency Reward For Revenge
I tell my wife what is going to happen in her favourite soap opera.
Don’t Pee in My Truck
The Man Won’t Get Me Down
Craziest Most Petty Revenge Ever
Sometimes you just gotta hit back harder for it to stop...
No sports on in the office? Prepare for March Madness
Petty revenge revenge - reset all our device passcodes? Good luck getting another job.
Any revenge ideas for racists?
Make me pay out of pocket for a sick day? I'll enjoy a mini-vacation.
I won the breakup over a phone
Aardvark Inspections Screwing People
Make false accusations? Enjoy walking 20 extra feet!
Reoccurring petty revenge
You seem eager to get in to the concert... let me warm your seat.
My colleague from my last job.
Don’t want to be polite? Have fun waiting.
School Contest
Roommate is loud af at 3am
Screaming about your sport? Enjoy your disrupted signal
Park Properly
Leave the darkroom door open? Get locked out.
Try to upgrade yourself? No thankyou.
My wife went to Norway without me, so I bought myself a new cell phone.
Uncle bankrupts his previous employer
So you think you're not loud at all? I guess, I'm not loud also then.
The Art of Door Slamming
I Will Sink To Your Level
You don’t like my dog peeing in the grass? Enjoy him peeing in front of your apartment building.
Undermine My Parenting, pay more to fuel your car!Someone put a note on my car, commenting on my parking skill, so I got their car ticketed twice.
Catfish me? Get ready to feel nervous for a day or two!
New neighbor wants to be a passive aggressive bitch? Enjoy your car being towed.
Want to blind me? Fine I will blind you back.
I'll stop you enjoying yourself.
Chris Jenkins
Flip the bird? Almost get run off the road.
Surprising, but my wife had my back.
Give me detention? Enjoy your detention
No, actually replying all is annoying
Bully gets publicly humiliated
Enjoy your loogie.
Parking lot pettiness
Block my promotion, prepare for hell!
Parking lots make me petty
Enjoy your porn!
Refuse to let us use certain pieces of code because we "haven't learned them yet"? Enjoy the longest solution you've ever received...
Why the f*ck is my phone so slow?!
Cat hair happens, you're saving $60 on a near perfect condition Baby Gym.
Park across two private residential spaces? Enjoy your karma.
Today the universe provided petty revenge before I could even plot my own
A couple who tried to blame their traffic blunder on me indirectly funded my trip to Las Vegas.
Unhook my bra? Enjoy your yeast scented nipples.
Banning me from a group? I will ban you for life.
Sideswipe me and blame it on me? Dashcam says otherwise.
You abuse me for taking a park I'm perfectly entitled to - I'll give it to the next guy.
Parking wars
Be a horrible friend to me, others will find out how horrible you are...
Come in drunk off your ass and don't know what you want? You might not like your poo tomorrow morning...
Need Casual HookUp To-Night
Need Casual HookUp To-Night
Let's go for a swim!
Small but so satisfying
Steal my concert seats? Enjoy the show and my elbow.
The Thief and the Reciept Checker
Oh, so you're in a rush? Have being late for your movie.
I don't owe you anything.
Just cause you have a pickup truck does not mean you own the highway.
The Intern Who Ate and Ate and Ate
Play movies loudly, enjoy the buffering
Neighbor refuses to trim tree, other neighbor does it for him
Don’t share an evil moment with me then be an ass
Share share share!
Don’t play by the rules, get ready for some pain
[REALLY PETTY] Icy Revenge
Best friend tries to ruin my son's school life
If I ever make it on the radio, I want him to hear it!
The Best Revenge Porn
Took advantage of coworkers social insecurities
Alarm Clock Revenge
Worst human being ever finally gets a little taste of karma.
Dont Be Nice, Pay The Price
Don't Be Nice, Pay The Price
Algroshawga 4: How I became disabled by saving kittens
you all have inspired me!
Oh, sorry, am I in your way?
No Good Rotten Day.
Looking for inputs on how to exact some petty revenge on some jerk who hacked my Spotify account.
Use handicapped parking illegally? Get mildly inconvenienced.
Mess with my conditioner - have fun streaking thru the barracks
Using the handicapped stall to change?
I signed my best friend's abusive (now ex) boyfriend up for multiple craigslist ads selling dildos
A guy cut in line, so I "didn't see" the mail that he was looking for
I'm skipping a school orchestra concert next week because I'm petty.
Revenge on SIL by teaching her kids a new ... skill.
Steal my computer? Try me.
Pettyguard
Call me a bitch, I get your parole revoked.
Scored the highest marks to shut the teacher up
Come in right before we close, and take forever to order? Enjoy your food
Sister always steals my food, I make a fool of myself on her graduation to stop her.
Got PETTY on a co worker who baited me...
McDon’t Mess with my Hungry Ass
Got revenge on a person who baited me...
Got a co-worker fired for baiting me.
The Warden
Roommate attacks me, I essentially send him to the ice age
Difficult customer gets a stinky surprise
Please allow me to introduce myself...
Guy wanted to look at clearance I was there first
You blind me, I blind you harder
Got milk?
How should I get back at my neighbor who always parks like an asshole partially in my spot?
How should I get back at my neighbor who parks like assholes partially in my spot regularly?
Geoffrey the giraffe and the HOA
Last day of work - Autocorrect
Renter thinks if we can't sell the house, she gets to stay.
Cheaters never prosper
Do this please they deserve worse. Please read to the end and help me.
Embarrass me in Spain, you'll get em-BARE-ASSED in Spain.
Geoffrey the giraffe and my HOA
The sommelier that thought he could be a connoisseur.
I asked someone for help with making my first cosplay, got mocked by him for not being good.
unreasonable much? let me annoy you with a black screen
Lazy delivery guy misplaced his scanner.
I want to speak to your manager!
Pétition Citoyenne Contre la Corruption
Petty school kids, a brutal ball beating and a verbal accosting that ends with everyone at a loss.
Ebay account hacker
Hand in the darkSteal our common room lose your food
I tried to tell them, but they didn't listen.
XBOX, VOLUME UP!
So You Want to go to Jail?!
Fuck with my family (Part 2)
Sideswipe me and imply it's my fault? My camera says otherwise.
Insult me repeatedly while I’m uncomfortable, then get it right back
Extra onion
Sideswipe me and imply it's my fault? My camera says otherwise.
Underage kid mocks me in front of colleagues so I inform his mother
Petty as fuck revenge with ex and ex's mom
unreasonable demands? let me annoy you with a black screen...
This is only petty because it resulted in my termination.
Flip out after a competitive video game? Enjoy a perpetual shitstorm on your clanpage
Park like an asshole WHEN THERE’S SPACE?!? I’ll show you petty!
Captain Petty reporting for duty sir
I don't know you,But I know what you did to that barbershop
Rotten Tomatoes
I paid for part of my ex's anniversary trip, just to ruin her weekend, and remind her that she traded down.
I got the chance to return the favor on someone who ran me out of a job years ago.
Rotten chicken for a rotten roommate
Annoying brother loses viewing history
You think negging will work on me? Think again jerk.
Cut me in line after waiting? Welcome to your nightmare.
Don't hit people with your car, Asshole.
Cut in line? Drop your pizza.
Steal from cars? Have fun crying to police
A lady was in a rush and shoved me out of her way. I slowed her down by stepping on her in the middle of the street.
Keep your facebook account private
Treat me poorly as a customer, I'll treat you poorly as a waitress
Bad grandma
No Sir, Donation only does not mean free
No Sir, by donation only does not mean free
Petty revenge idea? Obnoxiously Lou’s hospital bed neighbor intentionally on her phone at the top of her voice. Nurses can’t do anything. How do I shut her up?!?
Cut in line at airport, get smelly lady in your row
I asked someone for help with making my first cosplay, got mocked by him for not being good.
I asked someone for help with cosplay making, and got mocked by him while making it. Got revenge in an extremely petty way.
Be rude to me? Enjoy your badly made drink
Dickhead messes up his 4th chance, expects me to cover his ass
Petty Avengers, I need some help.
So there was this asshole in my 5 grade class.
Enjoy getting ready for work tomorrow
Delayed revenge on horrible group project partner
Inconsiderate to the other tenants and refuse to take responsibility for your child? Good bye.
Talk shit about my friend and Ill buy your domain name name.
I'm the trash bandit.
Early Saturday morning and these people want to honk their horns repeatedly
Push me out of my spot? I'll make you suffer for the rest of the show.
Know an asshole’s phone number? Ask for quotes online.
Stalk my Instagram and accidentally like one of my pictures and then unlike it fine I'll go to your Instagram do the same thing four times
Cut into my customer service minute demanding immediate attention... I'll say what they can't.
Shit-Water the Musical
Sorry you walked into me, here's my umbrella
So I just learned my boyfriend has been hanging with his ex behind my back. I also found a receipt for condoms. He already cheated with her once.
Cheating ex. Real revenge?
Walk your dog off leash in our back parking lot? Get locked out.
Walk your dog off leash in our back parking lot? Get locked out.
I was a cocky jerk and my rival saw his opportunity for petty revenge and took it.
Stalk me? Good luck getting into your account...
Waste my time? I’ll waste yours.
Don't Believe me? Have fun cleaning
Panera messes up my order for the fifth time so now they get to have my money....
Eat shit, garden rats!
Let the doorbell waken my brother after he’d been driving all day.
Took revenge on a relative who worked for the family business who stole our processes, many of our clients, and started his own firm.
Want to ruin everyone's fun in a card game? you're about to find out just how frustrating things are about to get for you
Loud and rude to fellow customers? You don't get to use the ATM.
Being extra petty towards my husband in the middle of a snowstorm
I've told you to quit calling my cell phone.
Won't help me cook dinner like mother told you to? Fine, have it my way.
Want to assault an innocent person? Enjoy the "disease"
Ride my tail and high-beam me? We'll see about that
Make a delivery drivers life absolute hell on a scorching summers day??! Prepare to pay a stinky price
I need your petty advice.
I hope it hurts when you hear my name
Thought this may be appreciated here
No shrimp for you!
Don't bother to read the paperwork? I'll read it for you.
Wife took petty revenge on my mom
I’ve flaked on the flaker!
Okay then, hope you like poop
Okay then, hope you like poop
Okay then, hope you love poop
Yell at me for something I'm not doing? Deal with the sound of me still not doing it.
wasted a cold callers time
Delivering heavy tables on a scorching summers day leads to foul revenge on a difficult customer
Threaten To Get Me Expelled? I’m Good At Petty Revenge.
Yes, please tell me about your funeral insurance
Impatient drivers.
Ditch me, Ditch you
Kill 'em with kindness
Need ideas
You demand that I carry you and are rude to my partner? Enjoy the embarrassment and the clean up.
You demand that I carry you? Enjoy cleaning the mess
Delaying the McDonald’s drive through
The Roommate
What kind of person would hide the wine glasses?
Petty revenge on my grade three teacher, which works well, but then backfires horribly.
plague doctor gets revenge
I NEED revenge ideas! (Please)Need help with some petty revenge on a random caller
Short, Petty Revenge on a Bitchy Waitress
Hell hath no fury like a student without a parking spot
The Algroshawga Pt 3: Ruckus in the mall
Female colleague falsely accuse me of sexual misconduct to get me fired. I was cleared in court but her white knight male friends attempts to ruin my reputation. Got back at him.
Accidental Petty Revenge.Warning Gross.
Park taking up both spaces in front of my house? I'll squeeze in three cars.
Queen bitch looking like a fool
Fighting back against bullies the only way I knew how in Grade 3
Don't promise what you won't deliver
Don't dish it out if you can't take it.
Want to continuously team kill me? Enjoy your hearing loss.
New neighbor is a jerk
Made my life hell for years, now you pay the price.
Just take you bagels and go!
The "Swear Jar"
Accuse me of delinquent tardiness? Please, I've got a doctor's note 😎
You tell me to “go faster,” and you pay the price.
Try finding your toothbrush now!
So you want to gripe about parking spots?
Block where I park, I'll block your driveway
Wanna be a douche and try to get around traffic? Go ahead...
I need helps scheming
Whenever people tailgate me, I slowly lower my cruise control speed every 30 seconds or so.
Tail me while I‘m at speed limit? Have fun with the cops!
"You didn't help me at all"
Wanna take my pens everyday, fine here’s all the wrong answers
Tailgate my ass, I have a trick for that...
Give me the run around? Enjoy buying new carpets!
You’re gonna be an asshole because I have autism, you’re gonna get fucked up.
Do over
Since our theme seems to be petty flight revenge today
Roast me, get roasted.
You can't watch TV tonight!
Hope you like sour milk
HOA President goes back on his word
Switch me to decaf?!
He just won't listen.
I wouldn't do that if I were you
Sleep with my lady friend? All of Japan is going to know you are an asshole.
Poor internet for passive aggressive man-child
Be rude to my friend? Enjoy your garage sale.
I hope you like heavy metal
Your hotel room will not be refreshed!
You're not in charge of this airplane.
Cop wants to waste time on a charge he can't prove.
Please help
I called my college friends "pussies" about visiting a nudist resort. They used the opportunity for revenge.
Blackmail me for a pot plant? Enjoy people coming over for your free stuff
Stealing my neighbors trash can
Is this revenge or just pure stupid stubbornness?
Possibly got someone who manipulated and ignored me, FIRED!
My unsuspecting, meddling coworker is about to lose her job and hopefully her boyfriend.
Don’t make me get your last minute groceries.
Movie Theater Popcorn
You try and get me evicted from my front row seat on an airplane. Ok.
It's a hurricane strength door.
Germophobe Customer
What’s mine is yours...not
Take my food, I'll take your job.
You didn't actually want to play, did you?
Can't justify your actions so I guess I'll just unplug your stuff.
Students' scam backfires
Going to take my phone and be childish? Well, I hope you enjoy it formatting itself.
Years ago I lived in an apartment complex
Make fun of a post I wrote enjoy losing a years worth of post karma and over a month's worth of comment karma
Making me wait. I will make you wait
I know you stole my ping pong ball.
The Petty Avenger
Revenge on a dog breeder
The Old Lady upstairs has enlisted the help of her entire family to keep depriving me of sleep. Midnight backyard shenanigans lead to extreme pettiness
Hopefully you don't have anywhere to go tomorrow.
In which a gentleman does the right thing and cleans up ‘his’ litter.
Laundry Room?
I hid all of her cords
Don't fuck with locals when you're from overseas.
anything i can do to shut up a cat? but not harm it?
My 8th grade teacher tried plotting against me, so I foiled her plans and humiliated her instead
My apartment building is going through renovations and I got a note on my door.
Chew me out because YOU'RE late? I hope you're patient!
Old Bitch upstairs is back to her noisy ways, this time she’s involved the rest of her family.... time for some extreme pettiness
Refuse a request for a day off? Enjoy this minor inconvenience.
[VERY NSFW] I'm sorry, Nick can't get to you right now, he's a little tied up at the moment
McDonald's Employee Lies About Shamrock Shakes, Serves Us On Curbside
That one time someone tried to keep my security deposit
Rude in line? Reap what you sow.
A Lesson On Tipping
Wanna unfollow me on Spotify? No more premium for you!
hehe
The Old Bitch upstairs is back, depriving me of sleep, and this time she’s including her entire extended family
The sign says “Slow down, low tracks”
Round 3 with the bitch upstairs - her family is visiting, and helping her wage sleep deprivation warfare on myself and my neighbours
Waiter assumed our relationship status, gave bad TripAdvisor review.
Lego revenge
If someone has somewhat of an ability to draw, and knows your ponysona, most hated pony, and mailing address, don’t stab them in the back
Never piss off the photographer. Never.
Use your words next time. :)
I shattered my roommates belief that good can win.
How to deal with a terrible step mom.
Want to drive up the utility bill? I guess you can afford to pay for a garbage can and bags.Get me in trouble? Enjoy your showers.
My boss was too 'hands on', so my cat sorted him out for me.
I thought I was sticking it to the airline but was really serving petty revenge on the stewardess XD
Its MY SEAT!
Honk at me for stopping at a stop sign? Enjoy the nice, slow drive.
Want to be a shitty roommate, go ahead?
Take advantage of my kindness? Lose your job.
Almost hit me with your car, be late for work
coworker talks smack, gets put in place
You punched the wrong lady
Not today.
Have fun sitting in the back seat. :)
No revenge for you Mr Manager.
Make fun of my hair? Go find your bike.
A slow and methodical almost coup
The Algroshawga Pt 2: the laundry room
Dude honked at me for not entering a roundabout aggressively. I started driving like grandma and was especially nice to the pedestrians
K-8 Bully Ends Up @ My HS
My mums bf's false teeth
Learn a thing or two from your daughter.
Upset granny gets some of her own medicine
Keep deleting my Netflix profile? Have fun watching only kiddie shows in heck knows whose language.
Don't make me move your car
Oh you say I gotta pee... Ok.
Want to act up? Wait for the next train and get laughed at by your friends.
Be nice to me or your business page gets it.
Jumped the crowd and stepped on food?
Don’t touch things that don’t belong to you!
Casual Driving
Employer didnt think he had to pay me...
Don’t let me see my brother? I’m going to China.
Hehe
Wanna be a huge douchebag? Then how about I break your precious Xbox?
Refusing you service after you threaten to kill me does not constitute harassment
Park like a dick? I'll keep you from getting into your car.
If you're gonna be nasty, you might lose your popcorn
Roommate kicks me out for 2 girls to move in. They might need some new supplies.
"You wanna move?", IDK, "You wanna be quiet?"
Hipcheckable Ham
Cut in front of me in the gondola line? Enjoy your trip back down the mountain
Spell my name wrong again....
Man bites off snake's head in 'revenge'
Sorry, don't control gravity!
This woman whom I dont know........
Elbow me for no reason? Enjoy your ruined evening and dry-cleaning bill.
Best way to get back at anyone
Don't park on the sidewalk
Getting one over on the lazy landlord who abused us for years
Roommate steals the wrong food
Steal my parking spot while I'm reversing in?
Crosstraining
Intimidate, oppress, and threaten me? Enjoy your dialup internet
Screw with my tips and I'll screw with yours.
Make fun of me just because English isn't my first language? Have fun retaking calculus 2
The French exchange trip from hell when I was 12: how I got my revenge on the family who hosted me.
My best friend embarrassed me. So I got him at his most vulnerable. When he was butt-ass NEKKID.
You creamed my car, so the drinks are on you.
I finally defeat my Bible-thumping, creepy coworker from hell who makes everyone in the office uncomfortable!
Refuse to tell your patients about all of their options? We'll educate them when you won't.
Refuse to tell your patients about their options? We'll educate them when you won't.
Steal my accounts huh?
Banning a high school bully from a restaurant
Rude chef gets just desserts
The Double Dutch Debacle
My friend embarrassed me at the beach. Then I found the perfect opportunity to leave him em-BARE-assed lol
I remember...
Be a bitch to me at work? I'll flick boogers into your cubicle.
Teacher who put me on suicide watch!
State baseball game on the line? Bet you regret being a prick earlier.
Didnt see you there
Bully a kid throughout his school years and make his life a misery... payback's a b*tch
Bully me when I was 11? Let me ruin your birthday!
Marriage and it's Rewards
Don't mess with my porn, Granny!
Force me to swallow? You’re next, buddy.
Petty Friend Groups.
Won't help putting the silverware away? Enjoy putting away every single hard load of dishes away.
“Don’t you know how to put a customer on the back burner?”
Pretend you can't see me? Then we've got a problem.
Nothing like a blizzard revenge...
Put on blast plox kthx
Talk shit about me while I'm changing?
Toys and Kiosk clerks.
Try to insult me and withhold a weeks pay? I will make you just moderately uncomfortable at least once a year, forever.
Let Them Eat Cake!
Cut me up? Enjoy being stuck behind my Prius
Revenge story in the making I need some ideas/plan suggestions!
Try to steal my rent money? Get evicted!
Wanna be a jerk to me on a road trip? You’ll pay with your nose!
Dad/Daughter tag team petty revenge
Cut me off and then ask me to promote your band? Nah.
Don't be annoying then expect free stuff
Guy took up two parking spots so I made it harder for him pull out.
A Gentle Kitchen Punishment
Arrogant inspectors are the worst
Guess who is missing the superbowl!?
Best Served Cold...
Customer was rude to bouncer and another bouncer gets glorious revenge.
So you don’t want to move down the train? Have fun getting squashed
My weight? Let us see what Insta thinksDon't take my spot
Call someone you don't know a cunt, for having an opinion. Enjoy getting wrecked.
Want to flash your brights at me for not going fast enough for you? Let me inconvenience your commute too.
You’re severely underweight? Good luck with those heart problems.
you delivery guys are SOFT!!! I’ll show you how it’s done..... instant regret
Want to disrespect my stuff?
Might Have Been Illegal, But I'm Sure He Learned His Lesson
Getting back at a cheating spouse
Guy finds out his boss is having an affair and talking shit, gets great revenge.
Ban me and get my account server banned, I'll bang your mum.
Petty revenge - no effort required
Fuck your strawberries
Want to lock your stroller to the stairwell guardrail? Enjoy the extra protection!
I was a huge know-it-all and my friends saw the opportunity for petty revenge, andt ook it
"'Ugly' people need to stay home instead of coming out in public." Okay, time to make you go home
Prank my school, get pranked by my school in return
Don't litter in front of me...
Shitty server demands a better tip
Bother me at work and put your hands on me? I will cost your company 2k
Prepare to be ID’d or Prepare to be Made a Fool
How do you get revenge anonymously?
Don’t go to my wedding shower? You’re not invited to my wedding.
Tell me again how the contract I have stating my (elevated) position isn’t accurate...
I was an arrogant know-it-all and when the chance for petty revenge came about, my opponent took it.
Don't vape in the classroom...
Throw snow all over our yard after we ask you to stop? Enjoy the solid ice.
Take your snow back!
Have fun waiting, jerk.
Throw snow all over our yard? Have it back!
Want to throw snow all over our yard? Have it back!
Old Friend Is Actually An Prick - So I Give Her a Taste of Revenge
Throw snow all over my yard? Have it back!
Enjoy your break?
Neighborhood Jerk Almost Run’s Me Over - I React Appropriately
Smoking weed in your dorm? Enjoy a visit from the fire marshal.
The Perfect Valentine’s Day Secretary
Neighbor gets my girlfriend kicked out of her apartment
She's killing my boyfriend with a cat
I was able to get the phone number of the person who stole my credit card and drained $1000. How do I fuck with them?
Give my boyfriend a rimjob? That’s fine, I’ll just hook up w/ ur dad and have him lick my asshole and film it.
Revenge in the beginning of computer use
Grab a hold of my man tit? Enjoy a night in prison!
Consider your travel arrangements before you ruin our friendship
Shitty landlord/slumlord (x-posted r/prorevenge but they don't appear to like it)
Marinara with your pizza?
Guy escapes military duty, our platoon took action.
Revenge is sweet
Guy screwed with a whole platoon, we decided to screw him back.
He screwed with a whole platoon. We screwed him back.
One man vs the rest of the platoon.
Keep me awake until 1am? Enjoy your 3.30am wake up
eBay seller can’t admit they might be wrong.
Want extra marinara with your pizza?
"Something smells" let me fix that :)
Force me to swallow? You're next, buddy.
The Spite Kept Me Warm
MY DAD SAYS CRAZY SHIT, SO I STARTED KEEPING A RECORD
Hate my roommate so I fucked up her toothpaste
Don't do you job? I'll assault your coworkers nostrils!
Force me to swallow? You're next, buddy.
I had a neighbor that always called the cops on me.
The Bump
Three Cheers for Sweet Revenge (feat. cookie dough)
Racist Opinion Leaves You Cold (WARNING: Bad Language)
[Rocket League Nintendo Switch] Tried to back out of our deal
Ban me from the kitchen? Enjoy your 5FPS video call.
"Your Just A Stupid Teenager"
Want me to move my car? Fine.
Manager abuses her position to help out her cousin... family meltdown ensues
Wanna race to get to the pump? Paying with cash? Me too, with change.
Call me an asshole because I won’t give you your precious snack? Enjoy never having them again.
Insult me and a bunch of others? Prepare for my pettiness.
Resigned and never getting a chance to work here again!
Enjoy your vacation, but don't rub it in...
Co worker revenge
Throw My Clothes On the Floor? Enjoy your Mildewy Clothes.
Jealous of me having a girlfriend and you’re going to ruin my life? I’ll destroy you.
3am texts on a Sunday
If you are selfish at my wedding I’ll be selfish at your birthday party.
Wanna destroy my property? I will expose you and destroy your reputation.
Trying to give away treadmill gets threatened with the police.
Threaten to sue despite you being in the wrong? Say goodbye to your new home
Vehicle parked in front of my house... got rid of it
a bit overboard. vehicle parked in front of house
Flatmate can't stop checking up on me
The reason you lost your phone charger(s) at that anime convention you went to
Today's forecast: sunny and warm with a small petty front breezing through
Walmart "Pay back"
No reading in my class!!
Can't say "thank you"? Have fun picking up your own mail from now on
Won't meet me to drop off your kids because of fake money problems, I'll make sure you have to drive there anyway.
My revenge on Stephen Hawking
I want revenge, could you help me?
Throw garbage at me??! You’re getting a nasty surprise
Sorry, I need ALL these safety pins.
Throw your garbage at me ... enjoy a watery surprise
Demanding the dental office to open on Sunday just for her.
The guy that snowblowed our driveway doesn't know he did petty revenge for me.
Tailgate and honk on a single lane street, how'd that work out for you?
MIL’s unbearable best friendYessirreee, I can follow directions!
Student says bad things to me in Spanish. I make him think I speak Spanish.
Don't know the material the university hired you to teach? Don't expect to work here much longer.
Next time, use the cart corral, asshole
Don't try to pull people off the monkey bars
Enjoy your ticket!
Only tipping me small change so that your account balance displays an even dollar amount? God I suck at math...
Dubstep Dancefloor Revenge
Stupid review gets you 1 star
Try to trip me? Enjoy a sore leg.
Petty Popcorn Revenge
I paid back my boyfriend with his own money when he made me mad.
Not my problem
Have your Sweet Desserts
keep bumping into me with your back pack? have fun pulling it back up
Gonna be a dictator in a simple 1 hour poetry class? Enjoy a ridiculous poem by Sprog for your final.
I don't think he liked it
Fellow driver and I form an unspoken alliance against an asshole driver.
Petty Popcorn Revenge
2 girls were mean to me at a bar. Friend gets petty(?) revenge.
Neighbors took my clothes out of the dryer so they could dry their own.
"Put the seat down!"
New supervisor who can't do her job gets what's coming!
Oh you wanna scam me out of an apartment and play games? You underestimate my power (link in story)
Got locked out by my roommate, bad memes everywhere
Prank callers harassed me at work and we have caller ID
Prank callers harassed me at work and we have caller ID
Shitty Revenge
Snow revenge like petty revenge
Block me from an industry conferences and certification; see my diploma
Have a pleasant walk
This post is my petty revenge
Dentist fails to file insurance correctly, cancel appointment
Make fun of my sleep talk? No toilet paper for you.
Prank callers harassed me at work and we have caller ID
Revenge is sweet, but sometimes it's salty
I was banned from r/trashy because I posted a pic that got 14k upvotes. Only comment from moderators was “don’t repost please”. Was a photo I found years ago online. Reddit moderators only revenge is a sub-ban. So dumb .....
This is going to be two parts as it's still I progress but moral of the story don't piss off the back end developer.
Don't drop your keys if you're an asshat.
piece of shit roommates
Terrible tippers? Unbalanced bank account.
Santa isn’t Real, Kid. Have Fun, Mom
This person sent unsolicited dick pics to my underage cousin.
I'll be happy to return that for you, sir!
Honk at me over a spot? Enjoy being late to class!
Don't scare me in the shower
Use my stuff? Get my stuff on your face.
Wake me up two hours early? You can just wait for breakfast, then.
Laser Cannon Deth Sentence
You really shouldn't have said that.
Don't bother calling me I know your game.
Jostled someone on the train
You want me to stay an hour after close? Sure.... I’ll do that
Have fun with these locks
The not so altered keyboard
Oh, you’ll have my car towed?
Help the block give these bad neighbors what for!! (kind of long and super juicy;)
She can do her own work from now on
Any good ideas for a serious pest problem???
Anyone have a Megadick for a father
I didn't even have to do anything.
Servers revenge
Pulled my job offer only to bring me in to talk shit to my face, sorry for your Glassdoor/google rating.
Get your OWN wheelie bin!
2 Part Water Polo Revenge
Santa revenge
This guy is an online fraudster
Hurt my sister? You can throw £10/mo down the toilet.
Type 2 Cheapskate
Watch this! I’m going to get some free food!
Don't make promises you aren't going to keep.
I went on a bike ride with a stranger
Give me YOUR trash? Here's MINE.
Rip my end of unit assessment? Redo 90% of it
Upstairs 40s/F neighbor stomping vengefully like a child after being hostile to my GF when her dog almost bit my GF - landlord notified - what else can I do?
Switched trash can
Come in late to let me go? Lets see how you like it
Yesss... continue to be shocked.
My card is on file
Robbed at my local swimming pool
Hate tailgaters? Me too.
I don't read enough? Okay then...
Noisy down stairs neighbors
Mothers-in-law want to snoop through my computer? Enjoy what you find!
Play on your phone and call me a dick when helping you? That's asking for pettiness
It was definitely worth missing lunch for.
Had it up to here with neighbour in #18 running steamroller over everyone. Enjoy your poop clothes, dude.
Fire me? Well then, no Facebook Buy &amp; Sell group for you!
Enjoy the music
She cried in public from the embarrassment she brought on herself.
Call me over like a dog? Cool, we don't the beer you're looking for.
Third Shift Car Woe
Revenge is a dish, best served from a reheat-able take-out container - or how to take-out the trash!
Looking for help? Dont be a douche
Harass my best friend? Spend your flight south with regret and an awkward boner.
You want to have sex? OK, buts it’s going to be bad.
Rude to New Flight Attendant? Say Bye to Your Laptop
Smoke detectors inside walls
Beep Beep Baby - An angry contractors Revenge
Stop school children from playing at lunch? Let's make your idiocy public knowledge.Kiss your resume booster goodbye!
Exploiting your best employee is the quickest way to losing them
It's party time, now
Lost my dream job a year after trying to get "one with nature"...a little too literally.
Steal my golf disc and lie to my face about it? We’ll see about that...
Adventures in Tacoland
Revenge is a dish best served gross.
Petty sweet revenge at The Happiest Place on Earth
Just pick up your clothes
International players auction..
A Thief and His Games
I am an always a funny and smilling person.I am here because i love to play to touch my body to make myself cum
Acknowledge me being courteous
I learned today that I got two kids expelled at my disciplinary hearing.
Cut my mom off? Get some birds and a roast!
So, I had this regular when I worked at a coffee shop.
Power trip me, I'll crash your email
Quick-thinking parking pettiness
Are you bowling up there?
I got revenge on my little brother in the worst way
Think you're petty by taking my birthday off if I won't give you Father's Day? Honey, I'm the queen of petty.
Know your place, family member
I was at a Craft Store in my town!
So some HOA Asswipe pulls up on me as I'm getting out of my truck...
Want to be my Girlfriend? Sure!
how to be petty back? (kinda long)
Don't harass learner riders
Small story
Park in no parking zone, blocking traffic, then blow me off?
Dont wanna dhare your knowledge? Fine
You want to take your time resolving my case? I think the fuck not.
If you’re rude to a rental car company rep, you don’t get a car.
4am cooking sessions and block my car? Enjoy a watery surprise
Laundry hours, police officers and the cleanest shoes you could imagine
Girl doesn't want to share
You should really have googled that
Bloody Manager and Customer!
Bus Arrived At the Center
Do not piss off Thy neighbor!
Recruitment Revenge
Think twice before you steal from your own kids.
Shouldn’t have hid your report card in the first place.
Don’t try cutting through traffic unless you want to see how petty people truly are
Fire me on the second day of work? Fine. You won't be able to bill for my time.
Don't dump your trash bag outside my apartment
You'll never find the porn
Couldn't have said it better myself...
Not on my watch
Revenge on a JO manager...
Mother knows best, yeah okay
Thanks kind stranger
"Just do as you're told you lowgrades!"
Don't ask for special treatment
Spanish Class Presentations
Vintage Revenge-- Grandma gets revenge on gramps for bringing new GF to her work
Don't Rush Me at Check out
"Say my name."
You in a hurry? Fuck you
Pick up your phone when I'm doing you a favor
Fed Ex and their "Delivery exception"
Brake check me on a busy highway? Enjoy my brights for the next five miles.
Free Lobster
Laundry
Very Minor Petty Roommate Revenge
Sweet Revenge
Gym teacher fails bully for messing with kid all year
Gym teacher gets revenge for bullied kid by failing bully
Advice on how to troll a scammer on Autoscout24?
Thank you James, Q and Bruce
Got someone I hate's comedy show cancelled
If you get road rage, don't follow me into a $20 parking garage
It was a small gesture, but today I got to play karma.
Be nice to your flight crew
DONT DRINK THAT POWERAID
Petty Ambulance Revenge
Calling her “fake quitting” bluff
Advice on how to troll a scammer on Autoscout24
I was making my nieces lunch and she teased me and called me "a bit special" so I smooshed her corn chips into little pieces.
Always be nice to the person responsible for your comfort for the next 5 hours.
petty revenge on my coworker who is consistently condescending and rude to me.
Cross my lawn to save 15ft of walking? I guess I won't warn you about the dog poo right in your path, then.
Thanks James, Q and Bruce
Averaging Out Turn Signal Usage
Fateful FIFA
Don't like working with me? Enjoy having someone you like even less working all my shifts.
Embarassing my annoying coworker after 2 months of them trying to lord over me :)
Park elsewhere, then.
Terrible parking job
Don't want to do your job? Have more work.
Want my files? Have fun walking through the digital maze designed just for you!
A**hole on the airplane
Police assisted public humiliation
This sub grows less petty every day
You're supposed to turn right on that traffic light
Let me paint you a picture, of petty-bolical proportions.
Trash your hotel room and don't tip the housekeepers? Enjoy your smoking fine.
Stop giving me nut shots I said!
My ex is an alcoholic who constantly drives drunk
Impatience gets you nothing
Wanna ram and assault me with your wheelchair? Enjoy permanent slow mode.You've watched the whole season? Let's talk about it, then.
My best friend worked in a machine shop.
Salesman thinks he's hard. Hello petty shit :)
Oh, so that's how you do it
(petty minecraft revenge) Boom boom, bitch
Burning fire
When the perfect opportunity for payback arises.. take it.
Some guy ignored his kid picking his nose, eat it and then touch every utensil available in the restaurant BUT thinks he has the right to bitch at employees
Wait your turn at the microwave.
Annoying neighbour woke me up again. So I woke her up in return
I kicked my friends crutch over a water bottle
I'm not a child or a pet dog..
Annoy me during school? Enjoy not have any lead in your pencil.
Putting my best friend's racist cousin in his place
Wait your turn at the microwave.
You should have paid to prevent it.
My chef screamed at me for not doing things his way. Tried it his way, turns out I was right.
Petty-revenged my way out of scrubbing dishes
Christian car salesman complains to HR about my swearing...
First to Help, First to Leave
Online abuser found and harassed my family, I am destroying his subreddit online!
I got stiffed at my restaurant job today...
Persephone calls out the dirtiest fakest subreddit on youtube video!
You're not getting credit for my work, asshole
Standing up for customer service with no risk.
Mugshot
Honk at me? Now you get to wait.
Racist? Which of us is racist?
Customer makes a sexist assumption, I get my pettiest revenge yet
The fat head coach who ruined baseball for my brother.
Bullshit Fees are Non-Nogotiable? Don't Worry, Your Contract With my Landlord is.
Make me quit because I’m gay? Have fun making new batches of sauces.
Since we're posting about project partners.
Pettiness in its tastiest form
Revenge So Good it Got Me an Award
Well, he can say goodbye to his PS4...
frat boy fuck buddy fucked with me (further suggestions welcome)
The kid gets revenge
Mirror, Mirror on the Wall, What’s the Pettiest of Them All?
Trashy Petty
Berate me about my disability? Have fun buying fuel on the other side of town.
Block my internet access? Get kicked off and blocked yourself.
Here’s your modem Comcast; better get it before crackhead Steve down the street does (Longish)
Absentee Father Pays
Try and bully me into gambling? Enjoy your ban.
What are some ways to deal with asshole parking? 😈
Never call me an a--hole on stream while I'm a mod, or else you're lonely for the rest of the stream.
Ticket my work truck, how about no service for a week.
Shower pettiness
I don't do enough to contribute? Watch me do all the chores instead of spending time with you.
Be a bad professor on purpose, now you get demoted and more time at school.
Steal my spot? Hope you have AAA.
A guy in high school told me he was going to rape me, and I called him out in class when we were in college.
If you're looking for dog poop, you're bound to find it.
Yell at us for singing too slow?? Let's slow things down even more
Cookie revenge
Revenge for 29p.
Merchant Services, Bane of my Existence
Awful Math Project Partner Gets What's Coming
A bitch of an ex-girlfriend bought me aftershave for my birthday once
Tailgate me, get pulled over, OR, The single most evil thing I have ever done.
Give me and my coworkers bad service? Enjoy your (generous) tip!
Oh how the turntables
hope you enjoy that coffee
You dare chop down my tree branches without permission?
Yell at us for parking in "Reserved" space; get arrested and evicted
I refused a tip from a customer.
Putting my cousin in his place
Potential Landlady from Hell
Potential LandLady from Hell
Potential Landlady from Hell
Want Us to Carry the Project? Have Fun Getting Embarrassed in Class!
/u/EurasianTiger mod of r/hapas tried to make me kill myself. I am exposing this abuser EVERYWHERE on the internet.
My friend embarrassed me. So I left him em-BARE-assed
Do your work in a group project
Park in the walk way? Enjoy having to move a cart.
Nepotism will only get you so far
Cancel my wedding dress? Good lucking selling it now.
a guy at my party went on a racist tirade so i may or may not have told his mom
Don't cry over misspelled words
toxic boss gets burned
Don't park like a jag
Wanna play games trying to sell me a house? Don't even bother requesting a showing after I fixed all the problems.
[Namaste, ass hole.] (https://imgur.com/C2BKiQD)
Namaste, ass hole.
On some CSI type shit
Call a moderator an a--hole on stream? Just be lonely for the rest of the stream.
Apparently friend is a YouTube mechanic.
Enjoy waiting to make that turn, jackass.
The Vegemite Incident
have no story. just enjoy reading these.
The Pettiest Of Camp Rivalries
Had to find hours finding the right guy.
Don't bring holy guns to a sneeze battle
Free domain for a competitor
[NSFW] There was a guy in High School that would always hit on my Girlfriend...
You wanna be a grump? I'll give you a reason to be grumpy.
In a hurry, pal?
Stop blocking the door please
Gave my two weeksMy friend embarrassed me. So I left that boy butt-ass NAKEDDDDD
Petty revenge on an ex-girlfriend
Don't leave your keys lying around
Knock knock, housekeeping!
I had sex with my ex-boyfriend while he was dating someone else because she pissed me off
Eat all the bandwidth? No more for you.
Stabbing threat and nursing care. So this was removed from Pro revenge and told to post here.
My geeky friend exposed me for my terrible Spanish pronunciation, so I exposed him BUTT-NAKED!
I bet he misses me now I’m gone..
Honk at me and I'll make you wait
TLDR: Doesn't want to pay your portion of the tip. I am the internet god and you are not worthy of my internet
Force us to move all our furniture every week to spite us? Sure thing, champ. (x-post from r/maliciouscompliance)
Use my email to rent a car?
Company is too cheap to pay proper wages.
The little thing I'd do to get back at my sister
Tell me suck a dick? Ratting you out to your mom.
Sabotage my Inspection? Collect your write up.
The little things makes me happy.
Technically Technical
Bully gets his
Christian car salesman complains to HR about my swearing... NSFsjw
Be nice to your photographer or else
Elbows on a Plane.
It all started with a 50 year old man saying he knows my friends address.
What comes around is all around.
Cheat on me with my best friend? I’ll cancel your Adobe subscription
Call me a whore? Good luck buying new clothes.
Christian car salesman complains to HR about my swearing...
Stop repeating what I say
Lil sis
I get off on emotionally neglecting my neighbor's wife at holiday parties.
Be nice to the photographer or else
Be a bitch to me all semester? No Milanos for you
Parking Encroacher Dealt With Organically!
When I was 10 years old I gave a 40ish year old man a shower of Indian curry.
Want to talk shit about my bar? I’ll embarrass you in front of your friends
Short but sweat
Be nice to the photographer or else
There’s a reason for consent
Even my mom agrees to this
Beggars Can't be Shirking Their Duties
Linty Clothes
Okay, I’ll Mow Your Lawn...
Being a crazy bitch costs about.... $8000.
Boss me around in a group project? Enjoy me hindering you and making you stutter during the presentation
Trolly and a Ticket
NSFW Steal tea, drink pee.
Didn't accept my money so I walked out on a bill
You want to have your little shit rat dog piss all over my car and front door? Then continue to be obnoxiously loud till 2 nightly?! Well enjoy Enya and Lisa Gerard serenading you the fuck awake.
This is America!
Drop Off Here (x-post MaliciousCompliance)
I deliberately slow down support for annoying customers
Pizza Parlor Poor Parking Pettiness
Don't ever steal my friend's number...
Be a considerate neighbour
Kid doesn’t work, I embarrass him
How does shoe taste, a**hole?
cheat on me w/ a hooter’s girl?
It's a subtle diss but it feels good
Nasty neighbour with early-morning constantly-barking dog evades detection by landlord, until I found a genuine "one simple trick".
I got sick of the IRS impersonators constantly calling me so I decided to spam them back.
Overcharged by a nail salon
Use a lock next time
Rude tourists get to wait for their dinner
Rude tourists wait longer for dinner
Illegal dumping is a petty crime, and deserves petty revenge.
Park in the walk-way? Enjoy having to move a cart
Cured a co-worker of chronic practicaljokeism.
Don't act entitled over parking.
My new friends
You're in my domain
Petty Revenge on Annoying Party Guests
Bomb my aspirations? Your bag is locked shut
Road trip pee break
Don't piss off a farmer
I got petty revenge handed to me, and got my clothes taken away
Dont like me? How about I make you look dumb.
Every time someone from my apartment leaves their laundry in the communal dryer over night...
A guy in a car flipped me off.
You want to egg parked cars at night? I hope you're ready for a taste of your own medicine.
You want to egg parked cars in the middle of the night? I hope you’re ready for a taste of your own medicine.
Make me feel uncomfortable in my own home? Too bad that I love all animals... and you're an arachnophobe.
Be rude, sit in piss
Thou shall not violate my space
Give me a concussion? See you in 3 months.
When housemates try to use your bath products and think you wont realize it...
You’ve got mail
Petty revenge ideas for my landlord?
Getting REVENGE on collge fast food job/
It's too damn cold for this!
Sign me up!
Ohhh Brittney.
Teens tried to run us off the road...
A different kind of road rage story...
From a friend: Don't hire me? Enjoy your glitter! (kinda long)
Can’t wait 5 minutes for a laundry machine? How about 40
When your impatience over pizza and disrespect to employees gets you what you deserve. (x-post r/MaliciousCompliance)
Maam, No parking in the loading zone.
Bad group mate ended up repeating a course...twice
You want to go above our heads for extra work? Enjoy not being able to communicate with us.Jackass landlord
Rednecks at a Vietnamese restaraunt...
Not a "cash register child"
Be Rude, Call A Tow Truck
I made a rude customer pay "EXTRA"
Daily email blasts
Tell my secrets, will you?
Gave Her A Pizza My Mind
Little kids were taking forever to order at a local coffee shop. They asked me for a recommendation and I said espresso. The look on their face when they tried it was priceless.
Savage Prank Revenge...
Bark at me, I'll poop at you
I woman slightly and unintentionally cut me off while walking yesterday and I refused to let that slide.
You want to be arrogant to someone at the coffee shops? Not when I'm there.
A sour attitude can cost you
Bad neighbor (very long)
Park your car where it’s not allowed? I’ll waste 15 of your lunch hour.
Ok, I won't call you Joe.
Grumpy patient
Grumpy patien
“I was here first.” Fuck off, you got off the line.
Woman-child yells at cyclist (me), called the cops for road rage.
Need to be somewhere? I SWEAR there was enough on that card...
Wanna be a bitch? Prepare to be a internet meme...
My teacher was a bitch to me. This is payback!
Beat me and brag about it? Fine. Round 2.
Please look. Students were chanting about the rival team basketball players dead mom.
Housewarming Gift for My Ex and the Girl He Cheated on Me With
Manhandling meat
Torment my child and me by pounding on the ceiling in the middle of the night? Enjoy the resulting eviction.
Petty revenge on bad service
2 bowls of split-plea soup, please
Humiliate me. You' ll have a lifetime pain!
Don't block me in!
Parking Revenge
Parking Reveneg
I have upstairs neighbours who annoy me personally 24/7 with petty repetition zombie bullying, they never get out of the house, any gadjet to make them unglue from me?
My sister gave her bully the ultimate wedgie
Wake me up early on a snowy morning with your 4-wheeler, will ya?
Gym Class Revenge
Petty breakup
How I responded to the worst interview I've ever had.
¢13 raise?
Take extended showers, I'll take control of your Spotify.
Some of us have jobs, bud
So, you think you're good at chess huh?
Pissed off Truck Driver
Revenge Lint Bomb
Bad roommate accidental revenge
Gummy package
My parting gift to my downstairs neighbor.
Wait your turn OUTSIDE the court, or you might cause some interference
Robert is a Douchebag
14 y/o racist gets the right haircut
Restaurant owner get's screwed by black and white
Ruined day for a bouncy house bully
Customer makes a sexist assumption, I get my pettiest revenge yet
Touch my laundry? Wait 50 minutes.
So you like my hot sauce?
Nice hand you have there, it would be a shame if something happened to it.
How about you don’t mess with the girl who controls your grades?
Phone scam revenge
A meeting in a coffeeshop.
Welcome to the food pantry, don’t be mean to the sweet old ladies.
Make fun of my hair? Miss your bus dumbasses
Some guy shoved his grocery cart into my back for no reason...
That time I went from Goldilocks to Mama Bear.
Yell at me for making your pizzas wrong? Enjoy missing out on dessert
Hair isn’t the only thing getting cut off.
Made a kid cry
Belittle and Insult Me Over a Sandwich? I'll Enjoy Eating it in Your Face.
Don't mess with the sleep deprived parents of a newborn/toddler
don't put your feet on my seat
"EXXCUUSSEE ME, BUT I WAS NEXT IN LINE"
Banoffee Pie
Terrible Landlords ... one year of revenge
Park in the walk way? Enjoy having to move a cart.
lorem
Park in the walk way? Enjoy having to move a cart.
Park in the walk way? Enjoy having to move a cart.
Grouchy customer service employee gets Scott Ternorman'd...(language NSFW)
Revenge of the chipmunks
Don’t want to wait your turn? Now you wait ten minutes.
Make fun of me being polish? You are going to feel very stupid very soon
Steal my tomatoes? Have fun in jail.
Wanna keep using all my coffee creamer without asking? Enjoy running to the toilet your whole shift!
If you're an annoying neighbor, I'll send the Mormon missionaries your way.
Sure, it's OK to go through OTHER people's trash
I don't want your f***ing Uber e-mails
Leave a negative review about me for something that isn't my fault, say goodbye to your customers
Got stuck behind my evil ex on my way to work
The sweet taste if pettiness
What time is it? Time for revenge.
Want to annoy me with constant phone calls? Let's see how much you like it.....
Steak not cooked right you say?!
No horn? No problem.
Wanna be loud and rude while shopping? Don't stand behind me in line then.
Stole annoying kids project idea.
A series of petty revenge at camp
Help wanted! blog accuses my mom of manslaughter!
Help wanted! How to stop a facebook page from harassing my mom?You got GOT Jabroni!
Never Piss Off a Blind Chick
Fucked over friend group in college
Shoulda just walked away
Ruining your sales for being dishonest and a scam
I gave my landlord the world's grossest smoothie
Imvu catfish
Only For The Scammers (aka My Favorite Thing To Do On The Phone)
Cat in the Cradle of Christmas presents
Cops galore and it was his fault
A cats revenge
3 kinds of butthurt
lorem ipsum
Much subtle, such petty
Parking spot lines are there for a reason.
Park in the walk way? Enjoy having to move a cart.
Stomp My Paper, I Stomp Your Paper
Condone workplace violence? Enjoy getting stopped by DOT
I can’t even be petty, it’s like ... ultra mild
Toddler petty revenge
Neighborly Love
Be a shitty boyfriend? Have fun dealing with the police!
Laugh at me on my first couple of shifts? I'll do my job.
Accidental Revenge
Ask me to not smoke on the property..ok.
Was let go with ZERO notice at work today, enjoy cleanin up and sorting cigarettes for all of 3 minutes.
Got revenge on a teacher
Be a bullying bitch? Lose your holidays.
Jobs that are hard to apply to
The Reese's were spilt
" Lynch, 66, wrote the word “douchebag” in black spray paint on the side of his barn facing the restaurant."
Teacher's pet and tattle tale caught in a lie after falsely accusing me of cheating.
HELP - Need advice on how to get revenge on a lowlife scum.
So you like eating other people's lunch?
A 2 year old at my son's daycare keeps biting and pushing him.
Some dickblob offered $20 for a table and chairs set. I made sure it was worth the price.
Don't want to help on a project? I'll do the work. You'll regret it.
So your kid broke a plate because he didn’t want to do dishes?
Girlfriend was a bitch. Disrupted her show
Told guy I'd give him a ride home, makes mess in my car, I leave him stranded
Park on my lawn you little shit?
"It says it in the student handbook" (asshole teacher).
I Have A Cat Too, You Know
HS Student Achweitz Project Revenge
My husband’s girlfriend...
Damage the materials Im buying? Have fun moving it twice.
Open up my friends stitches, i'll give you some of your own.
Changing one letter
Previously Nonstop Telemarketing Has Stopped
Disregard patient parking? You can wait. A long time.
Mind Your Own Business (x-post from r/askreddit)
Don't be a Dick, Dick
Happy Friday, bitch
So you're 10 years old, stayed up late despite repeated warnings, and you're cranky with me this morning?
Nice park job, you maxi pad.
Try to road rage on me, go blind for a bit
Accuse me of stealing? I'll make sure to have proof I didn't.
Don’t wanna pay me for shoveling your snow well have some more
Does this count lol
Husband learned the petty way that he doesn't enjoy the taste of his own medicine
That's MY cup.
Impatient lady didn't like my slow driving, caused herself an accident.
I am petty and I think we should all be petty together, so let's get petty with it!
Impatient lady didn't like my slow driving, gets herself into an accident.
Want to send your favorite FCC Chairman a present?
Your Car Sir...
Be a consistently crappy neighbor? Good luck doing laundry in your hour of need.
Gendered single person bathrooms are stupid, and so is your face
How should I take revenge?
Roll your eyes and give stares?
When I was a waiter and a large family full of kids would come in.
Revenge that kept on giving..
Funcoland
My Guard Unit Got Activated after 9/11
Kid acts like an idiot on my Instagram
The List
Ruin MY night, I'll ruin YOUR slutty holiday.
Revenge of the little guys
I need a favor
Bully wanna snack?
Sun Tzu Says: the worst policy of all is to besiege walled cities
Ruined a girls date, probably broke them up.
So you wanna write your name on office property to claim it as your own?
Something doesn't smell right...
Grandma was harassed by medical bill collectors.
Victim Card
Victim Card
Airing dirty laundry
Victim Card
Got pissed at a Craigslist seller, ended up making them pay me instead!
Keep the change.
In the end, I turned out fine, but you didn't
The Reverse Flake
So you feel you were cheated out of fifteen minutes? Let me fix that.
Keep trying to "help" after you've been told it wasn't needed? Maybe you need some "help" yourself.
Endanger everyone to try and save some time, I’ll make sure you’re late.
Can't pay me but you can go to Mexico for 2 weeks? Well, then....
YOU SHALL NOT PASS (at the Louvre)
Ruin my neighborhood? No Super Bowl for you.
Want to be a bitch? Enjoy resetting your smelly chair!..Just because you have a State Representative License plate doesn’t mean you can speed and drive like an asshat.
Say goodbye to your commission!
I hate junk mail...
Enjoy your first poop of the new year...
You have a big fancy NYE party to attend so at the last minute you ask me to let your dog out??
Don’t make fun of things other people like
Be an edgy asshole take some free negative karma
Ripping off tourists in Rome
No more maximum volume movies for you, mate
Enjoy Hearing About Me
I need some help with ideas.
A fond farewell to an unpleasant neighbor
You must need your head examined...
Doctor who?
Don't leave Meat on a random shelf
The Revenge of the John Wayne Tee Pee Story
Don't take stuff that you know isnt yours.
Short story my dad told me about loaning money
So you wont flush the toilet?
Sorry (Not Sorry)
This one was a long time coming
Steal Electricity? Good luck getting home!
Not my story but thought I would share
Take up everyones time and make them wait? I'll inconvenience you with my presence.
Be rude to me while I'm trying to help you? Enjoy listening to your out of tune violin!
I just want to have a mix-baby
Angry Christmas shopper
Your bullying is no match for The Cat
You inconvenienced me, so I'll help everyone else out
Be rude and cut me off for steak? Enjoy waiting longer!
Don't lie on your resume
Turn down the music? Turn up the glitter!
I just found out my dad was gay..
You'd like to speak to the supervisor?
Oh, you want "the usual"? Sorry, we're all out!
I'm sitting 20ft from you, but you are going to wait on hold anyway
Fuckboy: You waste my time, I waste yours
Guy trying to make a quick buck
Bad roommate and some bad chicken.
Sweets Revenge
Think I can't understand you? Thanks for the seat!
Drill Instructors love to do things by the book.
Cheesy revenge
My girlfriends mum was too nosy for my liking.
Thailandlord
Glory hallelujah
This dude cheated on my best friend so...
Ruin Christmas? Now your hand smells like ass.
Eat my food will you
Kick me off phone plan? Have a fat data bill
The Snow Globe
Leave 5 dogs alone in an apartment next door to bark all day.
I silently farted in my uncles hotel room
ye olde christmas revenge story
any cat whistles that work?
Subway? More like Sub-wait
I owe you $150? How's about it in 43 installments, friend?!
Company Christmas party ham
Don‘t mess with my milk or suffer the consequences
Wild Hagisses at Dawn
missing pots
Begged dad for a special beer, ended up hating it, but pretended to love it
Petty Booger Revenge
College Revenge 1989 Style...
Punishment holdings
Best friend's new gf snooped through our messages and made him a meal he hates and caused him to throw up.
Who's the bully now?
Don't hide the tape gun or you'll be sorry.
Another parking petty revenge...
Late to lose my virginity.
Every time I see an ad for Comcast/Verizon/TWC etc on social media, I report it as misleading or a scam.
Your bags are that important?
kick my seat? alright then.
So you want to be an asshole? Have a week-long ban.
Discriminate against me because i'm a boy? Get ready to have that boy fuck you over
Enjoy your presents, Dad
Brother steals my earbuds, immediately regrets it.
Metro bump revenge
So, you wanna snoop in your daughter's texts?
Kid blows me off through craigslist after I drive an hour so I call the last person he wants me too.
My phone broke, so I have to send it in for repairs. FedEx said my package was too small that it "wouldn't make it through their network" and wanted $5 for a small cardboard box that they would then pack the phone into. This was the only other box I had.
You insult my crew and my food and expect food? No way.
Don't park on my parking space
Decided to Waste Two Scam Artists' Time
Fix your damned lights or be mildly inconvenienced and infuriated!
If you're going to purposely take up two spots in a 100% full movie theatre parking lot on Christmas day ...
The Jewish Chabad House of Puerto Rico had cleaning staff working on Christmas Day at minimum wage. So I broke their donation button.
Be a condescending, dickish vegan trying to order carry-out? Enjoy a decidedly non-vegan meal when you get home.
Chase Bank stole $100 from me... yeah, I got even
Dog poop revenge
Dog poop revenge
I got all the time in the world you sly bitch
Update: quitting just before Christmas since my manager and store are total a-holes
No Carrot Cake for Dad
Cats and Dogs
Twas the night before Christmas and my phone was almost out of minutes...
I was drunk last night and pissed at my boyfriend. I used his eos chapstick to write “douchebag” on the coffee table.
The tale of the double laned drive thru
Playful Revenge
Rant about me at the company Christmas lunch? Enjoy the pettiest of revenges.Of course I'll double check the back
Revenge of the Obnoxious Christmas Present
Suddenly I don't feel the need to play Santa this year.
Suddenly I don't feel the need to plat Santa this year.
Mess up my hearing? Hope you like confetti.
Block my movie experience? Enjoy the bright lights.
The Pie and the Pony, or, The Greatest Christmas Card Ever
The Mailman
*CONFRONTATIONAL* LAMBORGHINI TOW TRUCK RECOVERY!
Park like an asshole and leave your shopping cart behind my car?
Don't Block My Driveway
My brother was in an accident caused by an uninsured driver. He kindly made this website for her.
My brother was in an accident caused by an uninsured driver. He kindly made this website for her.
Co-"Teacher" gets caught
Petty revenge on rude, impatient parking lot grouch.
George Clooney wastes my time and is made to wait
I Thought he was Joking
Pissing off the East Germans during the Cold War.
Friends simply stalled a rude lady from buying something
Beggars Can't Ask for Thirds
Eighth Grade Pettiness on a Shitty Person
Oh, you don't want me in your teams? Very well
I got the Fake IRS call
Try to scam me? Let me tell you the alphabet.
Screwed by a landlord
Bus Driver's Self-Inflicted Vomit
Uptight teacher gets whats coming.
Revenge on my cousin
Want to treat me like shit? I'll make sure that you don't find another personal assistant.
My friend decided to fuck with a schizophrenic combat vet
Bratty girl steals my stuff and lies so i set her up and call her out in front of the whole class.
Girl torments another girl during health presentation; I make her think she's going to have to answer questions about sex in front of the class
Accuse me of Rape, eh?
Karma is a bitch, and so am I.
How I craftily got back at my bully
Accidental revenge on a particularly stabby dental hygienist
Me and my best friend would mess with his older sisters, boy did they get me back.
Threaten me in front of everyone and Get arrested... that’s life friend
So, I'm not allowed to go to the nurse?
Don’t ignore the person behind the counter.
[SPOILER FOR DIRK GENTLY SEASON 2]
Want us not to attend events...Mission Accomplished!!
Mess with my feelings? I'll ruin your social life. Possibly NSFW
Stand in front of my locker making me late for class? I think not
Like to follow me around like I'm going to steal something? Open a window.
Boss I need help. No. Then take a walk in my shoes.
Twat Nav
Ruin my life? I'll expose your secret one.
A cautionary tale for sociopathic college administrators
Treat my vehicle like a trash can?
No Warning
Mildly annoy a valet? Two can play that game
Make me give in to a toddlers tantrum? Okay. Enjoy the next one.
Revenge on a non-paying eBayer with perfect Feedback Score
Time for you to move.
My movie theater experience
Easy as stealing a X'mas toy from a baby.
Constantly annoy and berate my friend? No TV for you!
Confront me for stealing? Enjoy your fine.
Shit on minimum wage employee? That'll cost ya
Tow Truck Payback
Coworker who actively talks down about my team to the rest of the company just got promoted to MY team....she forgot I control the travel plans for MY team
Double parked
Cut people off? No free meal for you!
Cut me off? Miss out on me paying for your bill
Bully me? Have a chocolate surprise in your shoes!
Bully me? There's a chocolate surprise in your shoes.
Bully me? I've left a chocolate surprise in your shoes.
Bully me? I've left a surprise in your shoes.
Revenge with valet trash
Make me fill out your deposit slip? Have fun waiting for everyone else in line.
Refuse to help pay for my surgery that you caused? I'll call animal control
Take out your own trash!! Aka What happens when siblings are coworkers
Line cutters always finish last
Allow your friend to cut in line, miss out on a nice tip
Peers made fun of me for not wanting to ditch class with them
When the credit card company doesn't want to close your account
Hostile jerk in restaurant
Make my grandma cry? I'll mess your shit up.
Predatory spam job offers? I will give you and your office the pleasure of shock porn.
Lazy roommate never cleans or shops, she used the last of our toilet paper in the bathroom and didn't tell me.... jokes on her
Connect a rogue wifi AP and then lie about it? Enjoy your circa 1989 bandwidth.
Internet scam? Fine, I'll leave your mom a voice message.
My neighbors decided to order pizza instead of coming to our 31st christmas block party at our house. We gave their pizza guy free food and a ride in Santa's sleigh instead.
Don't want to let me sleep, I won't let you enjoy your video games.
Fuck around in my store? Say goodbye to your scooters.
I routinely don't allow people to pass me on the freeway
Be shitty to the airline ticket agent over your mistake?...enjoy your wait
Update: a story of festive revenge at its pettiest.
Make me walk through a storm for your stuff? Enjoy my Doctor Who monster
Shut down my girlfriend's douchey coworker.
Years ago I helped a girl get petty revenge on her cheating ex.
I glue-gunned a bottle of dip-spit to his desk
That one time some guy made a snide remark; I later had the opportunity to throw it back in his face; and it was better than I had imagined it.
Attack me and my dog, enjoy the kinda worse food.
Kid runs away with my Pokémon cards.
I really hope you enjoy card shuffling
Sweet Southern Roommate
Asshole to workers?
Petty Revenge Over a Mobile GameI need ideas for petty revenge!
Neighbor with bright lights, a shitty band, and fireworks is left with a piss-off message...
Take away my coffee? I'm taking away your soda
Try to cut in the line for gas? Over my dead body draped across the pump literally if thats what it comes down to.
You Woke me Up Because of your Shitty Reggae? Fine, I'll ruin your BBQ With my awesome Metal
I decorated my roommates Xmas tree for them
Pharmacy wastes my time so I waste theirs.
Shiny 4x4 driver doesn't get their way
Snitched and I Don't Care.
So you Spoiled Star Wars...
Petty mirrors
A movie, you say?
3rd grade petty revenge.
Close my account (Amazon)
Kansas City woman has a special holiday poo-poo package for porch thieves
A subreddit spoiled Star Wars for me so I mocked them on the front page
Burning eyedrops
You irritate us? We kill you in your sleep.
Petty Revenge in the making. Sorry for the political stuff.
Don't piss off the leasing agent
Lay on the horn while I am backing up and can clearly see you, watch how close I can get
take your items out of the basket
Sometimes the it’s the little things.
Apparently I look like a sucker
"Yo gimme some gum!"
Make my journey home uncomfortable, I’ll make yours even worse.
Whoops, you Dropped Something
Champagne for Mumps
Revenge after googling my ex
A lynch for a punch
You’re rude? Extra subscriptions for you!
Bathroom Revenge at the Office
I got my revenge on my hubby and 3 buildings full of people saw it lol
The way Reddit reacted to Net Neutrality vote.
Karma’s Petty Revenge.
Roommate eats my food? Guess I'll never go grocery shopping again
Forked him up.
Ideas for Petty Revenge at Grocery Store
If you're not doing your job right, you're not getting your compensation.
I need revenge.
Administrators/owners of Reddit are possibly having their own little revenge.
oh, you want this spot?
You spoiled my movie? I will spoil the next one for you! (no spoiler here)
You ruined my movie for me? I will ruin another one for you! (no spoiler)
Study time
Tailgate me at night on a bridge? Enjoy a wet windshield.
Sardines in a can
Don't tell me to wash my dishes.
Don't tell me to wash my dishes.
Sex on a puddle of piss
BEST QUALITY REAL BANKNOTES MONEY FOR SELL, USD, EUR, GBP Whatsapp: +1 (607) 800-4675 [http://kobartech.com]
Departmental Christmas Party versus Toxic Management
For Those getting packages stolen Some karma for the thieves
My neighbour and her annoying habit...
Anonymous post-it neighbour
You make me solve your tests? I get you 15 days of detention and an F.
A story of festive revenge at its pettiest!
I cleaned up after a disgusting roommate.
Man is an asshole to little bitty children on flight. I give up my seat to him and pretend not to speak my native language so he can't order off of the menu
Riding my bumper on the highway when I had traffic in front of me didn't get you too far, did it?
Don't cheat off me, 2nd grade edition
I can be petty too
"Stop covering each other's shifts." Okay, sure
Delay me by being an asshole? I can delay you right back!
I love my wife, but she gave me shit for never putting away her clean laundry so now I do but in all the wrong drawers.
Spit on me and steal my hat? You just wait...
You’re not special, you should have paid for the seat you wanted.
What’s a good petty revenge for the people trying to sabotage my relationship ?
Disobey my orders? Enjoy your soapy surprise
Have a go at me then ring me asking for help? not a chance
Give me lice- good luck with your new random roommate
Point out my notes, enjoy losing your phone for the day
Guy Makes Fun of my Sister, I make him Scared.
This gas station clerk got all uppidy when i tried to pay in change.
Steal the chocolate meant for me to eat with my gf?
Childish revenge
Screw over the store, lose your bonus
"We don't make mistakes"
In the Christmas spirit!
Throw a pumpkin at my head? Its about to get really cold.
Tree cracking our drive? Enjoy your new view
FatApp Ploy
Falsely Report me to code enforcement. Then say bye to your or your dad’s boat
If you're going to park me in, do it properly
Got banned from subreddits for stupid reasons.
Since you're planning on being rude to the person cooking your meal...
Fucked the xwife over
Can I request help on petty revenge?
I got some petty revenge on a careless driver in my neighborhood
Petty since day one
Tried flipping the tables on a rageaholic
Beggars Can't be Greedy
Beggars Can't Greedy
Beggars Can't greedy
Beggars Can't be Greedy
Who doesn't love a revenge on a bully story?
And now you can’t have an illegal business!
Beggars Can't be Greedy
Beggars Can't be Greedy
Beggars Can't be GreedyI registered a domain for $5 as a joke to mess with a friend. My phone has been ringing off the hook with people offering to build a website for me, until I did this.
Neighbor threatens to sue me for something ridiculous, so I take action first
Extreme pettiness
Petty revenge against the biggest brat I ever met.
Surveys
When acting like a normal person deals petty revenge
I used to work at a dry cleaner
Christmas revenge: Neighbor ruined Elf on the Shelf for my kids, so I started my revenge today by ruining her morning.
Manipulative, childhood revenge and some of the best acting I've ever pulled off
The Horrible Downstairs Neighbors and the Shared Boiler: A Saga of Revenge
Poor Tippers
No, sorry, you can’t have fifteen cotton candies.
Road rage revenge
So I could use some help thinking of a revenge plan.
Why you don't call people names
“Reserve” street parking and slap my car? Enjoy the stairs.
Exposing a hypocrite
“Accidentally” fired me
Report me to the Conduct Review Board? I'll ruin your Saturdays for the next 6 months.
That fifteen minutes was really important to you, wasn't it? Here, let me give it back!
Misdelivered Mail
My brother ate my cake when I was 13
Bumped a goodie goodie mothers car with my door.
Almost run us over then asks if we are leaving. Enjoy looking for a parking spot for another hour.
Steal my parking spot will you....
I have been waiting 16 years for this
Revenge on the traffic skippers
Cheating on a final exam
Leave an unwanted flyer on my windshield? I'll return the favor
I deserved it.
evil roommate
Waiting on revenge is like an itch that needs scratching
Elevator Etiquette
Neighbor called cops on us and lied to them, we returned the favor a few months later, no lie necessary.
Trash the local smoke spot over and over again? Get fake narced
ex
Because I hate him. I wake him up in the most petty way in the middle of the night. All the time.
Won't pack up my skates? Have fun cleaning up after me!!
Call the cops on some kids in the afternoon? Enjoy your court visit.
I am playing the first 15 notes of "Highway to Hell" to my lovely neighbor, on random repeat. And stopping.
Remember What Your Car Looks Like
Customer revenge
crappy roommate
Try to rush us into traffic, I'll wait until the end of the gap.
Bully me in elementary school? Fine, get held back.
Revenge after three years of horrible treatment from boss
Taste my petty banana-flavored vengeance.
Get mad at me for someone else's behavior? Fine, I will NOT hit your car every time I park, and no shoveling, either!
Fire me? Fine, I'll take half your staff with me
Want to blind me on my walks? Taste your own medicine!
Threaten my college musical career because you're a Nazi? Ok.
Don't Cheat in a Small Town
Charge Station Parking Spot Taken
Tell me to shut up? Fine.
Ex was put back in his place
Withhold my pay? I’ll ruin your online reputation.
Speed limit? What’s That?
Don't try to sign me up for a window selling telemarketer
Blasting music at 3AM? Mine's louder.
Be nice to your customers.
scratched up my car
Teacher tells us to go to hell, we get him suspended and potentially fired.
Bump my car with your cart?
Is it okay to post asking for petty revenge suggestions for a situation that happened to me?
Want to be a dick on Kijiji? Fine, I'll eat some bad chili.
Quitting just before the Christmas rush, my inept manager will fall apart
How I deal with spam e-mails
Late for your interview? Ok, I'll be right back.
Call me 'not smart'? Keep your cake!
Team up
Ideas
Parking Problem Enginuity
My neighbour burgled me so I put a pigs head on his van
Used my blusher brush as a duster to dust my bedroom then let my friend use it on her face
Leave me alone at a Christmas party? Enjoy the crappy desserts, then!
Car Parking Revenge
Scare me and my dog? Be annoyed everytime I walk by your house.
Im petty about balsamic vinaigrette
Petty kindergarten revenge
Don’t steal my jokes
Steal my seat will you?
Accomplice to fast food revenge.
Farting on a rude passenger.
Obnoxious are we?
Don't Call Me in the Morning to Sell Stuff I Don't Want
Less of a story and more of a request for ideas
Flash me with your high beams for no reason, eat my high beams for 30 miles.
Friend is cheap and petty and charged me $3.85 for a Lyft to my brother's house I invited her to stay at.
Where did dooky head learn his road driving etiquette?
Soggy Sandwiches
Make me jump through hoops for a refund...you will pay extra for it!
Artful fast-food petty revenge. Nothing gross.
Honk when the light just turned green? Enjoy the world's slowest left turn
Try to sneak into my apartment complex? Enjoy the damage to your F350.
Going too far?
Today I had a gig with my band and my recent ex of 5 years showed up after I asked her not to. I had a good time :)
Don't want to do any group work for an assignment? Enjoy the fail
Crazy ex-housemate tried to steal $1000 from me, so I outed her as a liar to her family and friends
Not fast enough? Here, try this.
Short but sweet.Dont be an asshole on the motorway
Mulaney inspired pettiness
Always complain about guests parking in "your spot". Enjoy not being able to park there for two weeks.
Petty revenge on package thieves.
Let's drive the neighbours into poverty over x-mas decorations ;)
Go Ahead and Return My Packages
The pettiest revenge on my upstairs neighbor.
All you’re doing is inconveniencing my drive thru customers, enjoy your wait, sir!
Apple Watch Shenanigans
Fuck with me bully and get your ass beat.
Gold digger digs their own grave
Blow off your interview? Enjoy getting carded
I'm sure the five red signs mean you shouldn't do that.
Very Petty: Won't hire me? Fine, then I'll leave your survey takers standing on my doorstep.
Unmatched
Petty nurses being petty.
Owners steal hundreds in tips, I confront them, I get fired, mashed potatoes.
Entitled Family Becomes my Boss
Call me out in front of our sorority without checking in to get the whole story? I know who's name I'm using when I strip.
Cat peed on the floor again, so I mopped it up - with the cat!
Block all traffic in the left lane? Sit at the light for another round.
Oops, I need to back up now.
'Do not use the bathroom during work hours under any circumstance'
My boss and some coworkers have fucked me over. They got promoted, got salary hikes..recently I got to know that they all bad mouthed me behind my back. I want to get back at them, knife slow and twist it while its inside. I dont want to confront them, or reveal myself. Any plots to share?
The story of JASPERS (a craigslist pet story)
Don't drive down one-ways the wrong way.
Bitch ass neighbors. Have moved several times.
Hit on my sister? No garage for you
My friend's roommate got together with his gf behind his back. He thought he'd gotten away with it.
My friend's roommate had sex with said friend's girlfriend and thought he got away with it
Don’ want to wash your dish? Have fun being soaked
Go through our stuff while we're out... Enjoy the bill you get.
Go ahead, you can tailgate me all you want.
Racist neighbor gets forced to live next to the very people she despises
Mess with my stuff at work? Your job will be on the line
Inside out socks.
Good luck with school and your friends. Make as much noise as you like now
Funny "I Told You So" Story About my Dad
Make as much as noise you like now
Use a turning lane to pass me 100' from the red light?
I had a neighbor that always called the cops on me.
ARE YOU THERE, ARE YOU THERE
Cleaning Filth with Filth
Autistic People Can't Tell Between a Chair and a Human?
Pet Revenge
Give them to me the right way in.
Sexually harassed me? Tried to ruin my relationship? Believe it or not my friends got my back.
Take personal info out of our group? Lets welcome your husband to the group!
Say it to the class
The first ten minutes are the best part of the movie! (AKA Airplane justice)
Nope, we're not going to help you abuse your cat again
Had to hear neighbors scream, yell and beat their kids through the thin walls for nearly 2 years in West Baltimore.
Sleepy at work? That’s too bad
Pizza Is Best Served Cold And Revenge Is Best Served Petty.
I️ hope you’re not in any rush.
Abuse your dog and threaten my girlfriend? Enjoy never sleeping again.
Pizza Is Best Served Cold, With A Side Of Pettiness
Hack my Spotify? I'll ruin your party.
Good Morning! .... or not
I once sighted a glacier in the Caribbean
D-bag Telemarketer
Haha MyPillow Lawsuit! Those pillows were averaged at best IMO
Douchebag Telemarketer
Do you guys do request?
Co-worker insulted me and my husband, so I couldn't just let that go.
Use your high beams as a weapon? Enjoy being trapped next to this semi
Rude customer steffed me
A breakfast ill never forget...
Lie about not receiving your package? Here have another!!
Homophobic, abusive baby-man? Take some gay porn. On me.
Lie About Not Receiving A Package? Enjoy your package!
You have no power here!
Drive down the wrong way in a one-way parking lot and not move when im trying to leave? Well no parking spot for you.
Not paying his employees probably seemed like a really clever idea at the time... [warning longish]
Drive like an idiot, enjoy sitting at the light.
Petty Roommate fails (1)
Please do not bend
Make one of us cry? Good luck with that!
The Pettiest Roommate fails. pt1
On 2nd thought, no thanks.
Getting back at a shitty GM
St Pettys
Give an awful schedule and you'll have to work extra
The fuck are you in my way for?
Vengeance was mine in a crowded mall parking garage
Push your knees into the back of my airplane seat? I'm going to crush your knees for the rest of the flight.
Want to cut in line? Enjoy waiting even longer.
Change the schedule mid-week and hold me responsible? Well, I guess I better make sure I know when I work.
Sound Issues with my Roommate
Beep at me again...
Toss dog shit over my property line? Enjoy a year of shit in one day.
Mess with my job? Two can play that game
Oh call the cops on us huh? FEEL MY PETTY WRATH!
Slack off as my professor? I'm gonna knock you out.
told you not to drag me into your drama
Success is a dish best served petty
Be an inconsiderate roommate, don't expect me to be considerate to you
Don't be rude to bar staff!
Be an asshole on the road? I will make the next hour painful for you.
Loudly, obnoxiously fart on a crowded airplane? Enjoy some sun.Watch where you park...
Your homophobic verbal attacks will make the rest of high school sh*tty for you.
Tardiness is enough to make me rage, but start insulting customers &amp; volunteers.... P.S. Watch what you post on FB ;)
Of hard-hats, and Post-It notes, and a slightly dirty Waterloo..
Drive like a total douche and get the full power of my minimal wrath
The hallway to the apartment building is your kids personal playground? I think not.
One Way Rumble [Long]
Neighbor is OBSESSED With My Packages
Yell at me in the car? Have fun at this busy intersection.
Thanksgiving Weekend, garbage bins, and the complaining neighbor
No tip for pizza delivery? No satisfaction for you!
A kid called my girlfriend a bitch after my girlfriend let them go ahead of us in a crosswalk.
Push me into the aisle? Here, have my lurgy
I had my petty revenge just by asking a question and smiling
Guy stood in front of my car because I was a few feet on the pedestrian crosswalk.
My bf cheated on me so I pretended I had syphillis
After years of harassment, we finally got revenge against my petty, horrible family.
Emigrate to avoid taxes, then make me less? Revenge by post.
lock on lock? petty
Almost hit my car because you're mad I honked at you, enjoy my brights for 3 blocks.
Alienate me from my friends and won't do your work? Have fun proving how honest and hard-working you are!
Spam this
Watch what you say about me in my own home.
Try to scare me off my bike? I've got all the time in the world.
Try and bully me in school? Come meet my older brother.
She started the petty bs but I finished it.
I have other options
Spawn kill us in 4 square? How about you have a taste of your own medicine.
To be honest this is almost to petty and small to post here
Non violent pretest (kinda...)
Block me then I'll block you right back.
Waste my time? Enjoy seeing your popcorn burn
Kicked me out of the group and I will show you what I can do by myself
Do the exact thing you just gave me crap for? Have fun with the consequences...
Skip the ticket barrier? Enjoy literally all of my loose change.
Hack my account on Thanksgiving? Enjoy your free crap
Treat me like shit? Enjoy Black Friday without your handbag specialist.
Put my delicates in the dryer and put it on high heat?
Post antivaxx propaganda right before the holidays? No baked mac and cheese for you.
Steal from my friends? Fine. I'll get you arrested.
At the mall
Hey apartment #401, I hope you like waking up to my Bissel 6000000.2
🤬💩🏃‍♀️🏠
Refuse to pay me for a translation of your CV and motivation letter? Perhaps you should have censored some personal information.
Don't piss off the people who do your job clearance!
Cut me off? You're gonna get my bicycle light in your rear-view mirror.
Airplane seatback punishment
Whoops... Time for another brand new one of the kind desk i guess.
"Smear my team? I'll piss on your poster." Piss on our poster? Make it again, why don't you.
Crazy lady loses it and loses it
Family does not make you safe from retaliation.
Don't Answer the Phone? I Will Make Your Life Only Slightly More Irritating
Girl who treated me like 💩
So, you decided to screw over your housemates. It's payback time!
Kitchen Sink Pizza? Whaaaat?
^ (bbh) h
Don't want to do the dishes? Merry Christmas
Think your better than me? Where are they now??
Hi guys I didn’t now where else to post this my friend is a douche can everyone join this discord and post random shit to fuck with him... I don’t care what you post or say just join and ruin his life. https://discord.gg/NPGFSbR
Don’t pay us legal minimum wage? Meet the state department!
Fire me and my mum will get you in trouble
I'm finally speaking out, and taking revenge, about my horrible time in the Girl Scouts, and I need your help
Fast food terrorist ep 1
You'll never work here again
You want to play Drum and Bass all night then sleep in the day? Haha, sure thing.
Oh, you're gonna leave without tipping on a $90 meal?
About as petty as it gets...
Slander me on social media? Hope you enjoy that F on your report card
Don't mess with my Minecraft
How should I get revenge on my neighbors?
Tailgate me and cut me off just to save 2 seconds getting off the freeway? Let's see what your employer thinks about that.
My Boyfriend’s Petty Revenge
Help me with my cheating ex
No ma’am, you can’t use our restroom.
You’ll change the roll, one way or another...
Easy peasy revenge
Honk at me for stopping at a red light? Here's a taste of your own medicine.
Oh you “just” had a baby and use that as an excuse to fuck up MY grade...
After years of misery and humiliation, I'm finally speaking out against the GSUSA
Small but regular revenge.
Parking on the sidewalk? Enjoy your ticket.
Angry Locals vs. Snobby Tourists. FIGHT!
How many people does it take to run a restaurant?
Enjoy your DVD! (xpost /r/IDontWorkHereLady)
You just had to continue the group chat of 535 people
Its just a gate...
Fuck Your Library
Wrecked my car, called boss in hospital to ask for the next couple of days off. Told me to be in no excuses.
Not a story but more of a question to the sub
How do I make my management suffer? (Retail)
Supermarket Cashier Struggles
Take out your own trash
Tread carefully, job hunters. Your recruiter might be petty.
Phone Demo Gone Wrong
Oldie but goodie
Divorce?
Cancel my overtime, it will cost you dearly!
6 months of mental abuse? No worries, here's a few months of torture. (X-post from r/Australia)
Just fucking let me watch the Office
Tricked trucks into driving too fast because they thought i was driving too slowTricked tricks into driving too fast because they thought i was driving too slow.
Park in my reserved space after I finish a 10 hour shift at work? That's a towing.
"Free" WiFi
Have fun looking for your laundry
A Long Time Coming
Insult me and karma will get you fired
I have a good friend that recently found out that her husband was having a two year affair with another woman. How do we r/pettyrevenge in the best way to her soon to be ex husband and the adulteress?
Don't Park on His Land
Have fun with wet laundry, buddy
Just cut your damn bushes.
Killing 'em with Kindness--And Chocolate
Real man have real speakers . . .
Subtly fucking with coworker.
Close the door on me? I'll close the door on you
Leave the room a mess? I'll steal your candy
What harmless pranks can I pull on a mean coworker?
High school teacher staring at someones end.
Cup half full? I never half-ass something for a jerk like you.
Cost me my nooner? Say goodbye to your commission.
Karma Thief
Poop stain revenge of the rivalling sisters
Prank call the store, we’ll prank call you right back
Upstairs neighbor’s boyfriend gets in a screaming match at 3 am with her and wakes me up. He insults her. He must suffer.
Train your fence
The rebuffed Psycho ex is ruining my future
Thought it was cool to be a racist little punk? Think again!
My way of dealing with a serial tailgater
Book a restaurant with my email address? Prepare for fun!
AUDIO So this woman calls a radio station to try and get another date with the guy who ghosted her, finds out it was a revenge plot against her son.
I clean the toilet while you laugh at me
I destroy a bitchy teacher with hot sauce.
Honestly the lamest pettiest revenge ever
Administrative Parking
Been having a lot of friction between myself and my partner at work.
Is that egg on your face?
Serve me tiny fries? enjoy your tiny revenge.
Push me out of the way for a seat on the train? Now you can sleep through your stop.
I hope you enjoy slight inconveniences, professor.
You want to brag about all the things your new girlfriend does in bed? I think she needs a new best friend...
The Temperature Tango
The school mate who stole a bong from my house 9 years ago.
Psycho ex-girlfriend wouldn't leave me alone
Take your litter back
No one told you to sit next to me
Catfish With a Side of Vengeance
Humiliated a dude for being a cunt to me and my friends in first grade
Sales guy at Micro Center
Act like a jerk to my friends? I'll beat you in a poetry contest.
Completely destroying someone.
The F-Virus
Continue believing racist &amp; homophobic stereotypes and general dickholery? Enjoy your holiday greetings.
Fine, carry all these rocks then.
Do not piss off a new mom!
Girl tries to bully me. How about people know her for the thief and a cheater she is
Make me park like a jerk? Fine, I'll be a jerk.
Good luck retrieving your bike!
Scammers keep calling
You’ll think again before stealing someone’s parking spot.
Treat your coworkers as if they're below you? Don't let the door hit you on the way out.
Falsely accuse me of making too much noise .. have some real noise
Use me for free dinner? It’ll cost you
Be A Bad Employer, I’ll Be A Worse Employee.
Write me up for being 10 minutes late? I'll burn 50 burgers and lose you $350.
Act like a jerk? Have fun fighting with your wife..
No, good samaritans don't always get a pat on the back
End our streak intentionally and then don’t reply to my snaps?
Drive like an asshole? Enjoy your ticket
Be A Bad Employer, I’ll Be A Bad Employee.
Act like a bitch? Enjoy some loogie shoes
Decided to play video games instead of clean up the kitchen? Have fun disconnecting mid-game.
Girlfriend's ex-roommate changed the wifi password...
Learn to conduct yourself with a bit of respect
Don't insult someone trying to help you
Ways to get back at someone who is ignoring you?
Cheating on prom night, wake up to a year walk of shame.
Take this job and shove it.
Stick my pen up your nose ONE more time, I dare you.
i’ll make sure you never get a date again
Shocking the Class Clown
Copy My Test? Get Fucked
Taco Bell didn’t give me a tray when I said for here
Be Terrible Employers, I’ll Be A Terrible Employee.
Petty Grandma
Parking was a little tight this morning
Customers come in after my coworker and I already closed the store and cleaned the yogurt machine
Destroy my favourite barbie?
Don’t be an asshole to a potential car buyer.
Tell me I’m not doing good enough? Have fun replacing me.
Get up my ass? Enjoy the slow drive.
No lunch for me? No fun activities for you.
Keep cleaning the bathroom the only time I get to use it I'll show you
You made me break slightly...
I'm Not a Student Lady
So You want to fire me? excuse me while I accept my new job
Petty Neighbor
Try to trip me? Enjoy your fall!
Go ahead watch your news, if you can!
An awkward encounter.
So you are trying to give me a lecture before firing me , wait just a second I have to take this call from my new job
Disgruntled ex (Radio phone-in)Assholes Don't Get Farewells
Tailgate me on a single lane road?
Don't deliver our order? Feel the wrath of redial
Road Rage Revenge
The First College Roommate
Don't Annoy A Petty Person
A Ten-Year Old's Petty Revenge
Good evening my guys. I need some help on a very sweet revenge idea. In a nutshell, 15 guys beat up my young cousin over a small chat he had with one of them. The guy got his whole team and beat the shit out of my cuz. Anyways, I found out who the guy was and I want a few ideas on what I should do.
Dude stole my free pizza. Within 10 minutes I have his name, possible employer, and cell phone (confirmed by text response).
Musical Parking Spots
"You missed a spot"
Cut me off? Get charged with a DUI
Tailgate me and flash your high beams? Enjoy your speeding ticket!
I’m seeking petty(pro?) revenge! My neighbor is horrible and keeps me up late with music or tv blaring and friends over drinking. What’s the best way to seek revenge? Help me make a success story!
Night time traffic revenge
My Roommates From Hell ... Who Really Got the Last Laugh?
Saying goodbye
You risked everyone's grade, so I'll risk yours
Threatening sticky note on my car? Two can play the sticky note game.
You think you can keep parking in my driveway eh?
Best friend, worst housemate?
toothbrush revenge
Revenge years in the making
You left your car in the middle of the parking lot all week, so now you have to dig it out of the snow in the middle of a cold Saturday night.
Taking Out the Trash
Hope you enjoyed promoting all your boys ahead of me. Now everyone thinks you're a Brony.
HAM PANTS FOR YOU! Pretty common revenge.
The Legend of the Sandwich Bitch
Waste my time while on holiday and I'll get you back.
Have fun carrying that
Busy body neighbour. Thinks she's the parking police.
Refuse to remove my details from your account? You'll have to travel to pick up your deliveries!
Getting back at the control freak RA
Sleep with my best friend? I'll sleep with your dad.
Make my life hellishly uncomfortable? Enjoy your smelly bin.
Ditched my contest to host your own? I'll win your contest and nab the prizes, then!
Mess with my food, I'll mess with yours!
How to get fired and then earn 3.5 times as much for the same job
Be a shitty, sexist manager? I'll make everyone think you're a brony.
King of petty
Co-worker turns my life to hell. Gets her contract terminated one week after reporting her.
Absentmindedly bother me in class, I got just the thing.
When the teacher is never prepared for class, you have to get petty.
Spam call me nonstop about my recent road accident? I don't own a car but sure thing! I'll play along!
Fear.
steal my scissors? I'll make you smoke my toenail gunk
Cut me off on the Highway? Prepare to get break checked
My landlady treated me like garbage, so I returned the favour.
Throw ice at me? Good luck
Act like you own the neighborhood? Prepare to have your ‘property’ messed with.
Never Shovel The Shared Driveway? Have Fun Digging Out Your Cars!
You think I'm over sensitive and I should have more patience with your mom? Try dealing with her!
Won't train me to comp employee meals and then fire me over a short bank? Here's your Department of Labor inquisition!
The time I made my shitty roommate effectively taste my shit.
Don't want to take care of your pets? Boom pet deposits.
No signal lane change and a socially conservative party bumper sticker?
My dog’s petty revenge on me
My landlady treated me like garbage, so I returned the favour.
Need Help for Revenge
Steal my seat in class? Good luck seeing the board!
Those torrent websites are awful shady.
Forgot to remove me from the call list?
Enjoy your voicemails!
I got your number
Won't move your rubbish bin from my house and be rude to me all the time? Good luck getting to work.
Can't stop watching porn on the shared desktop computer? Enjoy your new desktop image!
Dick from craigslist no showed twice, got about 50 dick pics sent to him from guys trying to bang
slander my name to my boss and colleagues? I'll slander your company on glassdoor
Shitty Attitude Isn’t One of The 31 Flavors
Called the local taco house for a delivery. ended up self serving some mild sauce revenge
Somebody was stealing my lunch
The power switch of petty revenge; cute asian girl to the rescue
Bully Revenge with Magazine Inserts
From road rage to the bird.
She stole my tables, I stole the whites of her eyes.
Cut Off and Vaguely Threaten My Wife? Enjoy five years of being slightly delayed from going home.
Spam caller calls me about a recent car accident. I don't own a car but sure thing, let's have a little fun!
Don't appreciate my help and embarrass me? You're on your own...
Guy was trying to ruin my relationship so I ruined his.
You're being a pizza snob? I will get free pizza at your expense
I am not invisible. (xpost r/talesfromretail)
Bully your best friend? Enjoy no longer having free shipping.
Push it closer
Call me every day for 2 months? Ok lets play
Ignore the attention of one and receive the attention of many
Lifeguards playing the long game.
About that time off...no.
Treat me like poop, get poop on you vertical blinds.
Disrespect my ride, wither under my disdain
My ex-convict father in law treated me like shit throughout my pregnancy, I left him a goodbye present
You expect me to enjoy your wedding? I'll get you sick
"Proper Phone Etiquette" matters...
Block my view with your giant phone? I'll trip you.
BF helps Karma along in this tale of revenge. *Originally posted in Pro Revenge
The (literal) power of music
Unreasonable room mate Revenge
Petty revenge at the coffeeshop
Staff Sargeant Wants To Be A Dick? No More USMC For You
I paid for a 90 minute massage and I will get all 90 of those minutes, thank you very much.
Co worker got me fired.Don't Play Your Stereo Too Loud - You Could Blow a Fuse
Petty Revenge By Winona Ryder
I once put bleach in my sisters load of laundry (x-post r/confessions)
You caused my boyfriend to throw out an 8 year relationship with me? Take this!
Tell me not to bring up that your contest entry is unoriginal? How about I call you out by name on the event FB page instead
Tell me not to bring up how unoriginal your idea is? Fine. I'll bring it up in a public forum!
NO RAGRETS
Have a stink war at work, manager fixes that.
Gamers revenge on a friendly admin
Telling me lies will only get you killed with kindness and hard truths...
ditch me for two assignments? have fun handling your fucked grade. [long]
Telling lies to me will only get you killed with kindness and hard truths...
The pen is mightier than the vest
If you don't stick to your side of the sidewalk, I'll inconvenience you very mildly!
Hey so I tricked a scammer into giving me THEIR sensitive bank info... what should I do now?
You don't respect living over me? Fine, I won't respect living over you, either!
Don’t do your share of the work? Get humiliated in front of recitation.
Loud neighbors don't understand petty revenge, and end up calling the cops on themselves.
Neighbors come together.
Can't wait to charge your phone? Spend five minutes extra
The Great Penis Incident
Be an ass to me and my team? Get your site fucked over.
Out 100km, 4h time, a Phone and $100, you'll be out more then that.
So my exboyfriends family is a bunch of nut jobs and I have some dirt on his dad...
Politeness has its limits.
Leave your ringer on at office? So sorry you dropped your phone and broke it
You don't want me in your business? Enjoy paying $3k for health insurance.
+1 (412) 877-4249
Too petty to congratulate me and try to manipulate me with your fake psychic abilities? Enjoy the slow burn.
Revenge is a dish best served spicy hot
I spit in your coffee, and I’m not sorry about it.
When someone asks for a document and you know they plan to just copy/paste your work...
Student Has Savage Response To Discovering Ex-Boyfriend Still Uses Her Netflix Account
Cut me off? Enjoy your parking ticket.
WARNING: Some bears were harmed in the making of this story.
Whole class got detention, kids outside decided to mock me using laser pen.
This petty asshole in /r/bitcoin
Be a dick on the job? Enjoy full-frontal embarrasment.
My Nan is either a bad ass or batshit insane
You should really mind your own damn business
Don't wipe blood on my cloths
Rude biker yells at me while driving, I embarrass him in front of a crowd of other bikers.
No Reeses for You
No Two-Player for you!
You're going to make me work my ass off because you can't do your job? Sure, but don't expect me to make your job any easier in the meantime!
Stop stealing my assigned parking space.
Blackmail gets you nowhere.
Lie to my mom about me? Find a new place to do your underage drinking at!
You really need a shift covered, but I'm the only one available to cover that day? Oh well.
Clean your shoes!
Actually, you're not keeping the microwave
She tried to sabotage my Halloween Party, now she's not invited. HA!
Don’t want to help me? Fine enjoy explaining nonsense
Overtake me then slow down? We'll see what happens :)
Freak out while driving and endanger both your family and me? Enjoy being very deliberately and safely tailgated for 20 miles.
Have fun with your stinky room!
The best part of owning a voice recorder
Abuse and cheat on me? Thats fine...
Making fun of me using a foreign language? wait for my revenge!
Screw my neighbor? Thank you for my comfort.
Fake surveys are a surprisingly powerful tool.
Girlfriend attempts to limit my beer consumption. I make her change her mind
Going to be a bunch of back-stabbing jackasses for just a couple extra resources on an online game? Have fun with some “interesting” new map features I deployed just for you.
r/pettyrevenge, I need your guidance on my brother
Don't touch my stuff
Drink my milk? I'll make you think you'll grow man boobs.
Think I've stiffed you on your drink? Enjoy having the exact amount and nothing more.
A Shame It's Gone From Netflix
Eyes For An Eye
Shut down Walmart puke
Slow burn revenge on ex, which I'll sadly never witness.
This Farmer Repeatedly Asked People NOT To Park on His Land… They Didn’t Listen
Rape my friend, your next of kin receives a canteen of your piss
My "Friend" Tried to screw me over in a video game, Ruined his video game life (Repost)
Fake surveys areca surprisingly powerful tool
Her dog destroyed the couch and she is furious I wouldn't pay bills (after I moved out)
The Egg-cellent Easter Revenge
Do not lie to the police and do not make accusations that backfire
Keep us an hour after the duty day with stupid questions, hope you don't bite your tongue
Think price is too high - have some more
Tailgate my anus? Get ready for the toot that follows.
DONT THROW FOOD AT ME
Make me partially deaf? Enjoy cleaning out your car's interior.
Make me partial deaf for a few days? Have fun cleaning out your car's interior.
Fuck. These. Kind. Of. People &lt; JUSTICE #GetInTheSea
Letting agent screw over
Don't want to stop spazzing out well i guess i'll set a trap.
You know how you can leave reviews for any business online?
Try to bust my chops over a parking spot? I break your spirit.
2nd Grade petty revenge
Act like a lazy idiot. Prepare to get thrown under the buss (not literalt)
If you’re gonna write me up over nonsense, you better make sure your act is high and tight.
Be an asshole... Go piss outside ya nasty
Can’t respond to a text? Well neither can we....have fun trying to watch the game tomorrow!
Didn’t want to be reasonable about a fence well I’ll put one up first.
Give me detention for not having a glue stick and humiliate me? Say goodbye to your entire Harry Potter book collection.
Give me detention for not having a glue stick? Say goodbye to your entire Harry Potter book collection.
Make me clean up your mess?
Don't talk rudely in another language to someone who's trying to help you.
My brother played the long game.Girlfriend Cheats with Ex Boyfriend... I leak his dick pics.
My colleague just now:
Leave the light on I'll wake you up too
Some guy has been an asshole to me for years and I got his phone number
Duct tape my ankles? Where's my marker.
You want the TV on at 4am? No more!
Won't stop your dog from barking early and late? Enjoy some Judas Priest!
Erol On "Targeted-Individuals"
Don’t feel like moving? Either do I.
Taking 2 parking spaces are we .... not TODAY!
Don't like my sniffing? Have some more.
help me help her get back at him
Jack off in our living room? Here's a funny joke as a parable.
Hey guys! It’s k, my douchebag ex boyfriend cheated on me, lied to me, manipulated me, used me, and does those same thing to others, he also runs from the police. Feel free to send him dick pics (~: (248)-884-3075
Upcoming revenge: enjoy having to purchase your own kitchen stuff
Tell us we'll fail? I'll mess with your precious quizzes.
Tell us we'll fail? Have your quiz crashed.
Ruin my surprise by calling my wife? How about I email your boss about you just lost my business?
Oh you like to tailgate! Say goodbye to your job
I hope no-one goes
Shadow Of War's dumb microtransactions
Petty revenge twist
Professor, do your job or I **will** make you look like an idiot.
You posted my texts to make me seem like a terrible person? Here's the rest of the texts!
Facebook friend tired of postal working from driving over a lawn he's trying to seed...
Bio Teacher
Harass me at work? Enjoy my saliva.
Ruined my life? Have a nice morning ;).
Steal my spot and leave your dog in the car?
Trying to gross me out? Fine, I'll have a nice little surprise for you.
Downvote me for no reason? Have fun losing a third of your karma
Whenever a car doesn't let me cut in...
My Mom’s friend kept visiting our home
Be a jackass and feel my wrath.
Not what I expected
New Conservatory sir?
Don't be a b**** to the "secretary"
Don't back off? You get sugar!
Faking Dress-up
Learn how lines work, or at least how to be patient.
How I got revenge on the power hungry college student who wouldn't let me get my forgotten ID.
Pine-Fresh Justice
Maybe next time, you'll ask permission
That's what you get granny.
Try to record my friend and I and put it on social media? I hope you enjoy getting your phone slammed across the room.
Cut down my tree? Lose your ocean views.
Postal Service Failure
Talk shit to my brother? Well fuck your game
Subscribed
My brother will pee on the toilet seat
Oh so your doing cardio?
Condescending jerk becomes the laughing stock of an entire classroom
Found this one on the internet
Subway asshole
Don't look into the light.
Don't ask me about lunch? Be prepared for onion breath
Make sexist assumptions, don't get a job.
Oh, you want a third free sample, but piping hot with your coffee?
Be a shitty group member and a nazi? Time to get expelled from university
How I got a person sick...
Beggars Can't be Choosers
Beggars Can't be Choosers
Eat my pop-tart? Have fun getting those skins
The Tailgater
Sorry my illness annoyed you.
Enjoy the concert from the back of the venue!
Cheat on my friend, I'll cheat on you
Force me out of a lane and tailgate me? Enjoy your car wash.
Stop me from getting a job? Good luck keeping yours.
Digital trail, darling, digit trail...
Try to bully me on FB? Enjoy your free quotes.
I'll break your shell!
Transphobic, sexist instructor gets sacked and banned from university
Don't want to tip, and you live at the edge of our delivery radius? Don't bet on hot food.
My 14-year-old granddaughter has best putdown for crude class bully
The Halloween war of escalation.
Scare the pigeons? Get scared like a pigeon.
Amazon Thief Gets The SHIT
Destroy my peppers? I'll destroy your week.
This is what happens when you harass a telemarketer.
Need help with revenge ideas...
Dad tried to control my choices but jokes on him
You don't get a hug.
Honk like a crazy person? Prepare to wait!
You're high and you want a sandwich with everything on it? Alright then...
Yell at my boyfriend? I'm not cleaning your room.
Prank me by killing the internet? Two can play at this game.
Scare a kitten ? Get scared like one
Whenever I see annoying advertisements.
Petty Revenge On A Bully Boss
Steal my laundry? Enjoy your crunchy hair, sticky showers and spam.
New neighbours kick my cat when we move in? Fine, she's gonna eat your luxury ham.
Don't fuck with someone who can drive you nuts.
That's not my name. Here's my birth certificate as proof.
Talk shit, get hot cocoa?
This sonuvabitch told me to write him a descriptive composition for English Class, I did so, and when he didn't like it, I tore the goddamn thing up.
After 10 months of my complaints being ignored, my building fixed the issue within 8 hours of posting this note
Bittersweet story. Mainly bitter.
Make me miss out on a free holiday? I'll make you miss out on yours, too. Includes bonus payoff.
Ignore my kid? Have fun getting your fraudulent disability claim denied.Deny my vacation? Enjoy your trip!
Step on my sandwich? Enjoy being thirsty.
I will eat all of your food because fuck you
Get your email address right!
As a man and being able to pee standing up I’m more than happy to put the seat back down but I shall be putting the lid back down also. If I gotta pick something up you have to as well.
Use my library card when you don't even talk to me? Have fun looking at porn.
Can you help me?!? (x-post from r/IDontWorkHereLady)
Ten cents.
I will never be her friend again
Glare at me and ignore my greeting? I'll scare you half to death and make you nervous for the next 20 minutes.
Refuse to refund my nasty fries? Revenge will be mine. Mine? Mine. Mine mine mine?
Using my phone number when ordering a parcel? Enjoy it not arriving at your house.
Take your "millenial" for granted? Have fun typing 600+ email addresses!
Called my great aunt old, because she insulted something I like.
I'll let your "brothers" do my dirty work
Enjoy your soggy surprise.
Claim a public locker for yourself, guess it's mine now.
A Bad Sushi Place
I got revenge on a scammer landlord when I lived in Germany (link to video in text)
You won't let me sleep? Enjoy the loud alarm!
Harass This Number Please
Good luck holding a bake sale with no bakeware to cook with! Flatmate battles
So you want to call me a 'Cow'???
Good dog
Throw me under the bus? Enjoy your write up.
If you block the doors, I'll let you AND your friend miss the train.
Invisible Employee/Raging Beast - lol
Blocking me? Get my petty revenge!
Wear your seatbelt
Xbox Warranty revenge
Revenge Request: Car dealer keeps taking up limited parking spots with cars
Stop letting others jump the queue.
The Only Time My Laptop Was Useful
Roommate cant sleep because of the toilet
You think my mom is raising a killer?
Hit &amp; Walk: Oof in the Arvo
Hack my Spotify? Enjoy your children’s music.
Slap me? I make sure you lose all your friends.
Morning ride revenge
Cat Vs Dickhead
Oh, so you’re entitled and SPECIAL? I have special skills too and I’m not afraid to use them.
Homecoming prank backfired
Happy Mother's Day
I'll take "Don't be Rude" for $12
Meth is bad for your teeth and hair
Make fun of my crappy sneakers? Then enjoy no more Nintendo Power!
The best revenge takes planning.
Best way to make a dramatic cash delivery?
Leasing agent wasted my time, so I returned the favor.
I AM an adult!
Driver thinks I can be bullied, so I made sure the regretted it.
Keep me awake? I hope you like drag queens!
Not gonna reimburse me for sales tax? Then I'm gonna charge mileage
Walk of Shame
Got back at a guy who called me a whore..
Hugh Troy's revenge against a NYC cop
I ordered pay per view to a kid's house and he got his ass whooped
I only do petty revenge
Honk at me for being a safe driver? Hope you like being late and getting a ticket!
She took my lip gloss but my petty revenge satisfied me
Disregard the bubble and I waste your time
Cheat on me, and try to demonise me through tumblr? Enjoy getting your tumblr deleted
Can't wait to buy your FroYo? Fine. I'll show YOU...
Now that all of these people are coming forward about Harvey Weinstein, there should be lots of people who can let the world know about his penis size
I can't sleep? Neither can you.
Play your shitty music right outside my window? Ok, enjoy my shittier, LOUDER MUSIC
Don't be tryin to charge me for a few extra black olives Subway!
piss on a public toilet seat?
Hog up the resident laundry room when you don't even live here, have fun waiting
Ask and you shall receive
Don't want to turn down your alarm volume? Have fun wasting your whole day off.
I like this blanket and I did exactly what you asked
The Smell of Revenge
Huh, what? Couldn't hear you over dealing with It.
Going to be a jerk? I'll show you how sad you made me.
Coffee revenge for my BFF
Don't want to pay to replace someone else's thing that you lost? Prepare to pay for something else.
Teaching a property officer in a bank a lesson in humility.
Flatmate used my clean bedding without asking
Kicked her right in the face.
If you want fresh chicken you'll have to wait for it
Disable my iPhone? Where's your essay?
My 13 year old’s petty revenge when my dad jokes and pranks get out of hand
Torture me with the same Damien Rice album over and over, you're in for a shock.
Lie about your age and ask for nudes? I wonder how your mom will feel about this.
Guy gropes my girlfriend on the dance floor, I get extra handsy revenge
Game Studio said I was a "pass" because I didn't know a specific programming language; Here was my response
Force me to work off the clock? Okay, i will just leave your work vehicle on the side of the road.
Force me to work after clocking me out? I will just leave your work vehicles on the side of the road then.
The money isn't for you, ya idiot.
Advice for petty revenge
Talk over my gf, enjoy the spoiler
Keep taking up reserved spots, enjoy having you car impounded. Bonus round landlord is under review from tenant board.
Take my money
Respect the crosswalk
The art of patience
Enjoy Your Brownie Crisps
Sugar baby revenge
Stupid Kids
Misclassified Employee: MeWhen I was in second grade in 1990 we used to go to the computer lab twice a week.
Don't fuck with the temperature
Extremely petty revenge as a server.
Use your Foreman grill and reek up my dorm? I’ll make you slather bacon grease on yourself willingly for weeks
Guy lied to me about his name, age and marital status. 1 1/2 year revenge in the making.
Parked us in didn't let us out for 1 1/2hours. Now you'll stay there all night.
Somebody parked in my bike with theirs, it took me 10 frustrating minutes to get mine out. So I changed all the gears on his bike so when he gets on the gears will be messed up.
Rude on the phone? I'll make you drive 40 minutes in heavy traffic for no reason.
Annotated Petty
My roommate keeps moving my stuff and complains about the slightest noise. I got back at her.
Evil roommate
Sorry about your workbook
Aunts small revenge on extremely unpleasant Uncle.
I actually follow through with MY threats.
Boss me around on my last day
I voted.
Well that was a stupid thing to do
Boss me around on my last day
Disrespecting your trainer? Enjoy some extra work.
Karma strikes yet again
That mold will get you every time
5 year old Honda SUVs do not get 2 parking spaces
Ex best friend gets whats coming to her
Petty revenge for rude little brother.
Petty roommate revenge
Girl thought it was cool to cheat.
Feel the wrath of my 'penile-ty'
Make me leave earlier at a short notice to drop you off?
wanted to move in to this "superb" apartment
Don't know the rules? I'll show you the rules!
Got kicked from a GCSE group project for having cancer
Kicked out of a GCSE group project for having cancer
Pay Your Invoice Boys
Since I can't tell which clothes are mine, I'll just take yours too.
Emperor Cabs owes an invoice
It's for Science!
Not listening to course rules? You're done.
School bully wants a date for the ball? That's a tall order!
Sabotaged coffee
In which revenge high leaves you giddy and evil.
Too busy to put it away? Have fun putting them ALL away!
Those are just old umbrellas, gtfo!
Karma is a bitch and for once I am so glad it worked in my favour.
It's just five minutes!
Steal my cordial, will you?
Don't you dare come thru my drivethrough 20 minutes before we close and be rude to my coworkers.
Know when to shut up.
You use my shit all the time, you get a nasty surprise. [NSFW--gross]
I always win.
Being a lazy ass leads to looking like a dumbass
My cousin stole my stuff and lied
My roommates were stealing everything from me. So I put hair removal cream in their shampoo and liquid laxatives in their drinks.
Woman berated me for asking what she wanted to drink with her meal
The prices are clearly marked.
Don't want to listen to my house rules? Enjoy eating pizza that has been in my dog's mouth.
Throw me under the bus? Bet.
Don't blast your music all night or else
Coworker Has Awful Attitude Towards Only Me.
Number
Don't be mean in another language
Call my wire work "shotty," degrade me in front of customer's kids while I work? You are officially a hated neighbor.
Thanks for stealing from me.
Neighbor is marking dog poop with flags.
You kick me out, I'm not leaving anything I bought.
Don't mess with the IT guy
Get me the wrong order? I'll ruin your life.
Sorry I can't help you
Mystery dog crap on your lawn? I got your back.
"Your submission has been removed: See Rule 3"
Don't double-park in my driveway.
Learn to park.
Don't mess with laundry
You like the laundry soap I buy? Great! How about some fun soap just for you!
My Friend asked me to share this with you, so I created a reddit account
Petty grocery store revenge
The tale of a heartbreaker
She wouldn’t go to bed
Its not the price but the principle
Don't. Park. In. The. Red. ZONE.
An eye for an eye, or so they say
Little Jerk Pushed My Little Jerk
No tasty food for you...
Little things
Tell me to F off after asking to keep your dog quiet? OK... I will definitely F off..
The worst thing a Brit could do...
Let me go for asking for a raise? Say good bye to almost $100,000 in sales!
A tale of two vans
Make me look bad in front of our boss? Enjoy the extra work!
Ticket touting at an unreasonable price and brag to me about it? I don't think so
Petty R bomb revenge
Petty Pregnant Lady
Petty Corp
Help me get revenge on my grandfather.
Petty revenge via social media
My brother was a dick so I starved him.
Coworker Drives Like a Maniac. I Negate the Time She Saved Plus Some.
Getting back at spamming woos
Loiter and be a dick? Have fun in jail tonight!
Cracking open a cold one with the boys.
Gonna be rude? Enjoy the smell of my popcorn.Revenge on Kevin
Petty Revenge On My Annoying Cat
Teacher making fun of me? Have fun correcting my test
Fuck with my friends and you’ll regret it.
Drive the wrong way? I have time
My Tale of Petty Automotive Revenge
Release the Kraken
Tried to push me so hard into a sale, that he pushed me next door
I'll only be a few minutes
How to deal with a bad neighbor.
I dont want to buy a timeshare
Be rude to the store clerk? Good luck finding where you're going...
Gay, sexually aggressive boss doesn't like me rejecting his advances.
Thought you'd get away with tip fraud? Think again.
Make me miss trash pick up? Have fun wasting a day at traffic court!
Sarcasm + Autism = Squishy Revenge
Want to be an asshole, do you
Mess with my friend, I mess with your neurosis.
Annoying the Head of the HOA
Revenge on douchenozzle barista
fuck your phone
No Friday night fun for you.
Parking Lot Hoverer Petty Revenge
She should have minded her own business.
Continue to criticize our calls? Well, looks like your team won't get the benefit of the doubt.
Be rude and lazy? Lose your tip.
Extra Lemon Juice for the Extra Sour
Don't tease me via SMS.
Too Lazy to Get TP? Alright. Enjoy your hand.
Covered my ex bestie in sparkling water in an "accident"
I blocked a narrow one way street
Fine, treat our roommate like shit, I need some food anyway.
Scalpers bought 6 SNES classics. I stole them.
Quarter for your thoughts, bugar for your time.
If your lights disappeared from my rearview that means you’re too close...
I have a question about how to get revenge on someone
Too Little Too Late
You Wanna Sass Me? You Get To Leave!
Fuss me out no dessert for you
Shitty landlord forced to spend money
Be a seat hog on the plane? No lunch for you.
Be annoying as hell? No scholarship for you.
Roommate being belligerent?! No prob, I got this ;)
Steal my parking spot, have something to drink.
Dealing with an Inflated Sense of Self-Worth...
Asphalts &amp; Assholes
reverse racism
Be a shitty driver when I'm out on the road and I will show you some good pettiness.
Cut me off. Enjoy going slow and being stuck at a red light.
Cold Calls wasting my time? Let's tie up your phone line
Volleyball revenge
The time I had to key a vehicle
Want to cut in line? You're going to have a crappy day.
Fuck my wife I...
Landlord tries to have my family on the street in the winter? Enjoy your two mortgage payments!
Dude, just let me go use the bathroom
I Revenged a fly
Break your own rules? You'll follow them later when you don't see it coming.
Be a passive aggressive roommate? How about I ruin your week?
The tale of the grumpy girlfriend
Cabby's revenge
I reported my ex for child neglect
Press “F” to pay respects
Throw your 'Frosty' out into the street? Try scraping mine off your windshield.
Need petty revenge ideas
Bother me on my phone? I'll make sure you can't use yours for a day or two.
Laundromat "drama"
Screw me on hours? I'll screw up everything.
Run from a court decision? Don't speed through a local town..
A thank you is always appreciated
Be a dick to me at work? How about I ruin your day?
My petty revenge at a taco joint
My petty revenge at a taco joint
Door to door delivery
Wife gets back at me for not going swimming with her and her niece
Don't give me attitude or I won't organize the cutlery
The power of annoyance!
Steal my things? Have fun finding yours!
Head Bitch in Charge
Won't share with others who have given you a home and provided for all your needs? Eat crumbs!
Please don't litter
Steal my book, I'll return the favour
Guy more than twice my age hit on me and touched me without my consent, I made sure he regretted it
Next time you try to shoplift and run, don't forget your bike.
My son just learned that people suck and they'll rip you off.
Screw me out of my ride home? I'll make sure you pay a bit more for yours
Boss Lies on Review, Boss Gets What She Asked For
The one time I was stranded and had to call the police because some people refused to help me, a tiny 22 year woman late at night.
Wanted: Revenge on awful asshole customer. Help please!
Hello again, tenant!
I'll tell the whole school who you really are
my friend farted on me
Racist guy sends me racist messages, I posted every single message on his FB wall.
Make me walk a mile in the rain? Don’t mind me while I get you fired from your job.
How do you not know your own email address?
Park like a douche? Have a windshield full of soda
Complain about my work, I’ll document you causing what you complained about
People Don't Know How to Walk in Crowds
Smash the top of my beer bottle? Get a fountain in the face
Block me? I block you.Steal my spot, I’m putting trash on your car.
I was trying to impress a girl today, so I took revenge on a creeper on behalf of the girl's friend.
"I wouldn't want to ruin your diet." (long)
Slack off at work and leave early all the time? I will fuck up your Halloween costume.
Steal my table? Enjoy the smell!
Mad at my girlfriend post-fight, but don't want to start another fight
The Chips are for everyone.
I hope you enjoyed the show
Last day at Regal (sorry about it being a bit long)
Hog the bathroom every morning? Let me make it more comfortable for you.
A toast, to revenge
People Don't Know How to Walk in Crowds
'Lose' my phone on purpose? Lose something else in return.
Cut me off? Learn a valuable lesson
Here's your used condom back
You bullied me in school? Enjoy the lunch I am now serving you 7 years later.
Next door neighbour is a bellend so I enjoy lots of petty revenge!
Hemp binding yarn.
"THIS KID IS LOOKING AT PORN"
One bright spot in my commute.
Her rudeness cost her a job
Let me do your job for you.
Sure, I'll let you out of your contract!
Your Grace Period Is Over
Leave food littered in communal areas? Let me help you clean that up...
Be a massive bitch? I'll make you wait.
Savoury, Savoury revenge.
Guy in a Saturn acts like Uranus
Make petty insults after I best your granddaughter at piano? Imma be petty right back!
Happy revenge memories
Mess up my close? I'll mess up your food.
School days
Insult my work ethic? Huh... guess you're right.
Cut me off in traffic? Have fun waiting at the gate!
Shady Business in College
Catering a wedding rehearsal dinner with some sweet revenge.
I piped my ex-gf's best friend who also happened to be my ex-best friend's gf.
Fuck with me, I'll cover you in pee-pee
The group project from hell
Make my life and job completely suck? Here are some extra messes for your pregnant ass to clean up! Oh, and possibly getting the office shut down too (long)
Teacher "Lost" My Returned Textbook
Someone was a dick to me once so I proceeded to take the time out of my day to downvote every single one of his comments.
Oh I'll make sure you don't go to bed angry.
When you brag about cheating
Blast from the Past!
Think I should speed up on a icy road, why don't you see why thats a bad idea!
Dear Redditors, please help me exact some petty revenge
He cheated on me, then he asked me to give him back a gift he gave me. So I gave it back to him...but not in the same condition it had been in.
Morning smoothies for me!
Whenever I get an ad on Youtube I don't like, I let it play so they have to pay for ads for a customer who hates them more every time.
(MILD) Video Game Revenge
Mess with my friend, we're not afraid to tell on you
If you brag about cheating...
"Communicate among yourselves, guys!"
Soccer team mildly inconveniences me; I make them pay with their blood sweat and tears.
Gonna bitch about a homeless man asking for money? Have fun eating lunch next to him.
My manager spammed me with calls so I did kthe same back.
Racist Nazi gets what she deserves
Try to scam? I'll upset you and waste your time.
Revenge is best served...strawberry?
I Hope the Three Dollars was Worth Getting on my Bad Side
Should I expose my cheating ex bf?
Payback to a backstabbing friend
Park like an jerk, I'll have your car towed.
Fuck with the lectures, I fuck with your motivation.
Instant karma for woman who wouldn't let me pass her on an escalator
Stand on the right, walk on the left.
Like Motel 6
Was sent here from AskMen: What I did to my cheating ex.
Want to rig a card game so you'll win, then insist we play it every time? We'll see about that...
Just walked away like nothing happened, I'll be petty with you
Mess up my childhood? I'll make you mildly uncomfortable on a regular basis.
Girl wouldn't stop singing next to me while attending a broadway show
Don't Mess With My Tip
Blame me for your bed bugs and I will charge you $1500 more!
Don't mess with my sleep
Enjoyed it more than I should have
Inconsiderate? You get no wifi.
Parking Spot Thief Almost Out-Petties Us
My high school english teacher felt that I was cheap white trash and she told me so. She gave me a zero mark for a book review of Isaac Asimov's "Foundation Trilogy" because it was "pulp trash".
Neighbor gets his dumped garbage back.
Rude to me for not hearing your order? Okay, fuck you then.
I just wrote a bad review on google (used an alias of course) about my former boss.
Episode 5: The Customer Service Strikes Back
Don't want to help me? Fine, I'll ask your teammate and then send them recognition!
Still don't know how he and his girlfriend got back to their car, how wet they got, or what the owner had to say.
Won't Leave Me Alone? I'll Make Sure You Regret It.
Oh, you forgot to tell me about the damage to my new car? That's ok, I forgot to send you the plates back
Not accepted to grad school
Never go to class and still need a picture of my notes for the final? Here it is
Steal my bin will you?!
Don't scam me. Or my mom.
Petty revenge on my law school
Locker Buddies
Won't let me zipper merge? Fine
Am I being Petty or a Pro?
Petty revenge on my thieving college roommate
SIL takes action on Rude Lady
Need help getting revenge on my roommates
Steal my wash cycle and detergent? I'll make you fashionable!Follow me in your car? I'll inconvenience you.
Lie to me about getting back together? No game for you.
Waste my time, I'll waste yours.
Wanna be racist? Less soup for you.
Set the alarm and don't tell me? I know your secrets!
I don't need paper to learn your new math strategy.
Treat my sister like shit?!
Cut off all contact rudely and still use my labs? Let's see how that works out for you
For the crude - Janie Natomagan
Ruin a concert? Enjoy running around barefoot after.
Best story about petty revenge
GF cheats on me. Karma takes her down
Steve Jobs started development on the iPad and iPhone because he hated a family friend
Drive threw edicate
You won't let me go to the bathroom even though I'm very obviously pregnant? Clean the vomit off your cherished microscopes.
McDonald's Drive Thru Cutter
The Hateful Truth podcast presents..The Art of Pettiness: What it means to be petty.
Tell me I'm lying about having cancer? Enjoy getting chemo vomit on your shoes.
Currently on a plane..
Petty women will be petty.
You need to go fast? Let me just make sure everything is correct here...
Ketchup on friends car after he was ignoring me (Picture in thread)
Got back at my Ex by writing songs and he is furious
Won't let me use the family telly? Let's see...
Cutting a line full of children? I'm ruining your photos
That's not Gatorade you're drinking!
Want to play road-race with a station wagon? Eat asphalt!!
Tailgate me when I'm already over the limit? Eat asphalt!
Deadline for Revenge
I got back at my Ex by writing music about us and exposing it to the world, he is furious
Get Back at my Ex by writing music and exposing it to the world, he is furious!
Honk at me? Enjoy the wait!
Take my keys and hide my paperwork? Enjoy the mess.
Don't' hold the elevator.
Kick a ball at a cyclist? Have fun finding it back.
Didn't want to listen in my class. I'll make sure I don't help you in the slightest.
Wake me up at 5am? Fair enough..
If you want something done right, do it yourself.
This very evening, just now as a matter of fact, I got my sweet revenge on Mr. Tall Dark and not so Handsome
Clean up after your fur baby please
Share your saliva? Have some of mine
took my wet clothes out of the dryer, lumped them on top, and dropped some on the floor, so i...
Performance Review
Act like a jackass in my store? I'll let you look like one to your friends, too.
Stealing her ex
Froot Loops
Rude for no reason? Maybe you should get "The Talk"
My store has two openings if anyone needs a job.
Be a bad teacher? Enjoy marking a 200-page assignment...
A Shitty Time
Drinkable fluids doesnt count as water? Well back at you.
Two Girls, One Stone
Don't turn around. Oh-oh.
After getting random wrongly addressed emails, I finally SNAPPED!
Smash my SU Mug? (Accidentally) Ruin your Long-Awaited Halo Story
Take the position I want out pettiness, have fun not having having a budget.
Illegally evict my company out of the rented office space? I'm going to make you sparkle!
Malicious Compliance
I hold the power
Counsellor at Camp encourages camper to beat up wildlife, and suffers nature's wrath.
Shady leasing company trying to steal our deposit.
Telemarketers. I'm not a fan.
Warm soda
Right in the eye!
Don't like the phone I give you? Sure, you can bring our own.
Boss wants to lie about the rules and expect to be treated like a king? I'll go over your head, then.
Don't turn off my computer!
Need help with a tactic
IT Style Revenge
Enjoy your slog through the snow
Don't believe I'm sick? I'll show you sick.
Laser pointer to the face
Lazy Uni student worker gets creepy. I get even.
Fucking with my ex and her super religious family
Overeager collections agent gets petty revenged
The Great Utensil War of 2016
8 Years later unexpected revenge on my ex.
It's just a stamp
Newbie gets ahead of herself, I put her in her place
Wanna blast loud music? Fine enjoy your spam emails.
Guy tries to get my fiancé to cheat on me.
Yo mom, I never agreed to pay for that.
Never again.
Car dealer revenge, is the best revenge.
Why you short me a meatball??
Keep calm on the road
You stole 5 parking spots, I got my revenge
double dip salsa
"Cheesecake"
That's all.
You break my heart. I break your family tradition.
Short and ongoing email revenge
Overstay your welcome? I'll drain your bank account. [X-post from r/ProRevenge]
Overstay your welcome? I'll drain your bank account. [X-post from r/pro_revenge]
Simple yet Effective Roommate Revenge
Think twice before flashing your dick to my mom.
But I don't shoot squirrels!
Think twice before flashing your dick to my mom.
You're going to continue to jump off the rocks after I just explicitly warned you not to for the millionth time?
Didn't get your text, sorry!Sorry, I can't accept those packages even though I have opened the door, am standing within easy handing distance, and taken longer to explain the address and that there is a sign concerning deliveries.
Lazy Co-worker called out
Not gonna pay me? Enjoy your dick pics.
Steal my food? Hope you like the taste of my "special sauce" NSFW
Trashy neighbors glare at me for waving as I pass before pulling into my drive?
Have fun with your free copy of the worst game ever, dude
Hold my check for ransom? Have fun spending your own money on something that used to be free.
Sweet Fried Revenge
Try and get free candy from me, with no costume, Twice! I dont think so.
HOW PETTY ARE YOU?!?!...The Art of Pettiness and what it means to be Petty from The Hateful Truth podcast.
Lock me out of my bathroom? Prepare to hear me brush my teeth at full volume!
Moving out of hell, (Hopefully) A Conclusion
You Really Want That Mini Fridge?
This madlad's petty revenge (xpost from r/madlads)
Story found on twitter
Take Advantage of A Drunk Girl? Herpes Scare
Creepy Old Men and Ground Hog Biscuits
May Mjolnir smite you with Finals for your laziness
Don't help me all day? I have the fix for that.
Idiot friend tries to punch me in the dick, gets called diarrhea for rest the day.
Don't pepper me with your dandruff.
Lie to me and I will expose you
My little sister's bouncy castle struggle became my opportunity for sweet revenge.
Pro tip: Don't use someone's sibling to break up with them.
Give my kid a whistle and I'll give yours candy.
Bye friend!
Goodbye friend!
My punk nephew, 2, refused to admit he knew my name and kept saying "I don't know" then laughing maniacally when asked who I was.
Charge Me To Cancel? Okay, I'll Reschedule For Free And Then Cancel.
Dickhead neighbour tried to get a person fined for parking in front of his house on a clear street gets denied and fined
Dickhead neighbour tried to get a car towed for taking up a space in front of his house on a clear street gets denied
If you are selfish at my wedding I’ll be selfish at your birthday party.
Girl steals my pride and joy(eraser), I rescue it
Girl steals my pride and joy(eraser), I take it my bby back
mild but satisfying
A Song of Sweet Revenge
Don't push people into water if YOU cant swim, moron.
Hope your car battery dies. Xpost from talesfromretail
Minecwaft meanie!1!1!1!1!111!!
The mother-in-law bribe backfired
Use you deceased husband's handicapped space?
Tailgating driver in mad rush to get nowhere
Camp "Prank" Battle
Checkmate, mate!
Take my food, your going for a swim.
Patience is always best.
Break my friend's heart? Have fun dealing with hundreds of emails a day.
You wake me up, I'll wake you up.
Kid is a jerk to me and my friends at camp, we make him suffer on his last night there.
Guy in work tries to screw me over and ends up getting disciplined for it
Hey asshole enjoy your impending ticket
Checkmate, mate!
Learn how to grocery shop
Drag race? Nah...
Cut me off in front of your workplace, which just so happens to be where I'm delivering, and have a third party company come in and talk with you about your behaviour.
UPS has hired McKinsey to lay off 10% of corporate emploees
If you wouldn't mind giving me revenge advice via PM, please PM me! I am desperate for help!
My Christmas spirit was shot that year
Neighbor parked in spot when asked not to
Break into my neighbors' house and terrorize them? Enjoy your pizza of pain!
Accidental petty revenge leads to deleted reddit account
Be a jerk to everyone in line and the mcburger people?
The Mushroom Man (xpost from r/TalesFromRetail)
Almost ran me over? Enjoy touching spit
Rude Waitress Who Doesn't Speak Spanish Embarrasses Herself in Front of Mexican Cooks
That white Australian man over ther? He speaks Korean.
Crazy neighbor thinks she owns the street
Crazy neighbor
7 years of being taken advantage of
Car Racing Games: Suggestion for New Generation by 90s Kid
My ex friend
PETTY WOP
Bully my kid, get a bookbag in the head!
Park in front of my house will you
Get Up Outta My Personal Space
My annoying ass neighbors
You're going to bully a little girl and spit water in her face at the water park? Prepare for the tempest.
Kick my dog ? Get shit on litteraly
Petty parking ticket revenge at the museum
Kid tried to call a bluff, gets thrown in a pool
I didnt kbow where to put this, but this sounds petty enough that i thought here is a good start
Lines are there for a reason.
Enjoy the heat!!!!!
After visiting a company's website and applying, if I don't get the job I will click the shit out of all the retargeting ads they serve me.
Let's go Krogering
Bully me ? I do yo mother!
Ruin a wrestlers name with just one word.
In Line at the Grocery Store
friends boyfriend took the piss...so i drank all his beer
Blocked driveway
Here's a quarter, call someone who cares.
I defended her and she took advantage of me
Time to change your password again
Tailgate me and you'll have a bad time
Be rude to me and staff, pay extra (super petty)
(x-post Pro-Revenge) Guy with baby keys my car, is now center of felony criminal damage and assault investigation
Too lazy to put up a cart? I'll minorly inconvenience you.
How i got someone fired
Unapologetic asshole gets a wet ass.
Pool slideKarma for queue-cutters
Don't pay? You don't get a movie.
Lie about having extra roommates? Have fun being locked out of the wifi
But I made you wait longer
Left manager high and dry on a busy Sunday
Sharing The Road
Smoke at the Gas Station?
Took the wok for a walk
The case of the bathroom door
That's not how you enter the train
The sign said "exit only"
Dirty dishes in the bathroom
Toilet toothbrush
Very Petty Revenge Among Friends
Super rude American princess on tour of 16th century Spanish castle tried to make tour all about her... I stood in every photo her and her boyfriend took.
Getting by with a little help from my friends
Dearest 4th floor neighbor
Trolling for Justice
Jerk owner? I'll use business cards without your name.
If you are a jerk, your card's declined. So sorry!
Used social media to get my car back
You want to tell me what to do? Have fun fixing the carpet!
Enjoy the back of the line
Take my parking space during a winter storm? Enjoy removing stickers from your windows
I need ideas!
Give me all my change in pennies? Fine.
Yell at an retail employee for a simple mistake? How about some public shaming!
Passive aggressive locker room behavior
Dirtbag College Kids
No one gets to eat lunch today
How to get your 35 year old sister to finally sit back and realize that you're not her verbal punching bag anymore.
Revenge on telemarketing company
Some small petty revenge.
Stop stealing my ingredients!!!
Use my razor without asking? You deserve what you get.
Fuck my GF? Enjoy your chlorine poisoning.
unexpected construction zone for your morning commute
You want to skip the line? Prepare to get thrown out.
And I'm the "asshole"
Garbage-ass neighbor again
Run your business like a slumlord? Enjoy the water bill.
Petty against a telemarketer
You know how they say stuff you post on the Internet sticks around forever? Well, even if this guy being an asshole was a decade prior on a BBS, I ended up interviewing him, and remembered his chosen flame war quite well.
Snake Boy VS Neighborhood Kids
Big ask in assisting in my petty revenge
Enjoy your Chapstick.
See my favourite band without me and rub it in?
Give me a bath? You'll have to deal with the consequences.
Gatorade bottle full of PEE PEE...
Steal my cigarettes!??? I'll show you
You love your puzzles, I love my revenge.
You live your puzzles, I love my revenge.
Don't fuck with a sound designer
Don't keep the door open for me? Enjoy stopping on every floor.
Don't follow the rules? Good luck leaving the parking lot
Use my razor, congrats, you now have Hepatitis B!
Shitty landlord gets daily reminders
I didn't like my teacher, so I got an A+
Most people on sub are arseholes
Call and bark orders at me instead of speaking to me like a human? Enjoy.
I was there to give you money. You wanted more
No... I didn't forget what you have done for me.
Patience and diligence is key....
Lean on me, you'll spill your chips!
Tailgating me on the highway? OK, play stupid games, win stupid prizes.
Lying will Get You No Where
Be a space taking dick on the bus? Fine, be my new seat
Don't worry, I'll take care of your dog for you.
Use my mouthwash? Enjoy rising your mouth with my spit.
Annoying line manager set up to warn potential new employers what he really was.
Lunchtime and petty boss
Just follow the god damn instructions
Here's your slice
hick john's an asshole
A mouthful of oil for you
Won't move? Wheely?
She wouldn't move her bag on a crowded train
The nurse who fucked with the CNAs
I destroyed a girl's racial identity
Work me to the bone, but I won't throw you one.
Student boasts to me about his iPhone
Roommate from hell
Toxic Gamers Overwatch
Craigslist Scammer Given Valve Address
Diva drama deactivated
Do you like Milkshakes?
Do you like milkshakes?
Rival College Revenge for a Coworker
The best revenge is living well!
Car Parked Too Close to Me
Winter Came For You
Use my mouthwash? Enjoy rinsing your mouth with my spit.
New neighbors parking in my spot
Phone vendor gets more calls than he expected
That time I cock-blocked an edgelord
What u dont know.
Mess with me and I'll make sure you go only the speed limit and nothing more.
lord ganpati
revenge via long distance
Petty Driving Revenge with TeamworkFree Burning Man tickets
A dirty teabagging
Killed them with kindness and a Violin.
"I'm sorry, who are you?"
Fuck Your Seating Plan
Rude ricer (long but worth)
I didn't know glasses make you old.
Dick brother steals my stuff. I get him back by using Bluetooth to play the porn he is watching over the loudspeakers for our whole family to hear.
Idiot Neighbors
"Do you know how to make good coffee, or should I not bother?"
Petty revenge against a group of kindergarteners.
Bitchy sister
Baker's Revenge
I hope the little pop-up notifications make you uncomfortable
Should I or shouldn't I?
I spoiled a rude womans crime novel
Kids on my schools were throwing food.
Shitty landlord gets some shit
Bitchy
An open and shut case
I don't like being tailgated
The carnie at the state fair insults our group but can't count change
I DONT TALK TO MEN IN THE RESTROOM
Schedule me a day I'm unavailable? I don't think so
Drive the wrong way and get pissed at pedestrians? Have fun talking to the cops.
My friend said shit I didn't say
Asshole Tesla owner is charging from our garage outlets on everyone's dime
Need to be petty over fax
Warm water
Always rude? Always get the wrong coffee.
Warm water
What's that? I can't hear you.
I need your petty help
Laundry woes
Kick my car and spit on me? I'll humiliate you in front of everyone
Uploaded pic of professor I hate to a porn doppelgänger site
Answering somebody's text is automatically flirting? Ok, then I'll never respond to YOU again.
Incompetent repair guy damages my stuff, I keep the blow torch that he forgot as compensation.
Husband and Wife Petty Revenge
Anyone having computer problems?
Office-mate who loves CNN but doesn't understand how televisions work is destroyed by that which she loves most
You're going to have sex on my sofa, hold my beer I'm getting a machete
Laugh at how I speak and I will make your job even more difficult.
“Close your own door”
Roommate Woes
Willem Dafoe and the missed shot.
Enjoy your warm soda
The sweetest revenge after getting soaked with a bucket of water
You can't have your cake, have my cake, and eat it TOO
8 times Equal
Sorry, lost the envelope.
The Revenge Nudge
[Garry's Mod] Lie about me and lie about a murder? and scream in voice chat? You have a trial and you will die.
Woman had more than couple affairs but to Men it is just fine?
Have fun walking in wet shoes
If talking to you is going to be difficult, then so will talking to me
The time my cousin forgot his game bag at my house
Troll this arrogant HK banker Kenneth Pang
Inconsiderate gym goer gets his stuff locked up.
Inconsiderate gym locker room gets his locker locked.
Express consent required to touch personal possessions (X-post from r/maliciouscompliance)
Express consent to touch personal possession. (X-post from r/maliciouscompliance)
looking to seek revenge on a disrespectful twat.
My ex-boss HATED fish
Be a douche pay the price
Asked this hot chick on campus if she needed help carrying her heavy aquarium filled with fish and rocks. She said yes so I carried it for 3 blocks while we chatted the entire way. At her destination I asked out her out and she said she wasn't interested, so I brought her aquarium the 3 blocks back.
Don't post spoilers on facebook two days after an ep airs..
Riding my bumper? Take some more time.
Weekend festival every week? Sure.
Sell me a broken tumble dryer? I'll ensure you never get a moment's peace.
You make fun of me taking Prozac? I'm going to poison your cactus.
Messing with my ex gf and her mom
Dammit! I hate tailgaters!
The best moment ever
Fuck Mason the Pizza Guy.
Thus
Accidental comeuppance...
Should have tipped the cable guy
Veterinarians Gets Their Card Reader Fixed
Car parks too close me so I can't open my car doors. Makes me wait in the rain. Make it so he can't see in the rain.
Buy a new TV instead of paying me back? Enjoy the crappy quality.
Ex-husband thought I was his new girlfriend and delivered a explosive message...so I made sure she got it.
Next time you won't spoil a TV show for me...
Take my laundry machine, have fun getting pepsi out of your nose and ears and having to redo your laundry
Enjoy your dead orchids
Very petty (and shitty) revenge
Possibly the smallest most inconsequential petty revenge.
Apartment-dweller misses again...
Swat the shop dog? Enjoy broken pottery!
Don't piss of people who handle your food!
Steel my money, bitch? I'll make sure you'll regret AND never forget!
Enjoy your flat tire!
Cheating boyfriend gets hat snatched
Don't mess with my laundry
Taco restaurant cashier revenge
Petty, with gum
Tit for tat
Just try and overtake my hummingbird feeder, I dare you.
Don't be an asshole on your last day of work. (happened tonight)
Solar Eclipse Glasses Prank :IEx-Roommate stopped paying rent, and got threatened with eviction. She was pissed that I wasn't too (Joint Lease), so she pulled the legal card. Landlord and I devised a plan to make her homeless and keep me in the house instead.
Wife got a brilliant petty revenge on a co-worker from hell
One of the lowest things I have ever done
Delivery company wasted my time so I'll waste my time disrupting your service.
Downvoted a Whole Year's worth of Karma
Petty Revenge on Wachovia Bank with Commerce Bank
How a German City Found an Absolutely Genius Way of Handling Neo-Nazis
I'm a restaurant server in Boston and today I served a table of white supremacists from the rally. I only served them brown bread with their meals.
Teabagging a bad driver (safe for work!)
Last night a DJ screwed with Brad
So my 'friends' pissed on my toothbrush
Bad neighbors advice.
Think my driving is too fast? I can slow down a bit.
Wanna make money today? Don't yell at me for being 1 minute late.
Fuck you bank
Petty revenge at the markets
Don't tailgate me
Took up two parking spots
Small Town Saturday Night
My exhusband WAS. Addicted to porn. I would log into his router and block all his devices from access. Right before the cable guy would come out I would set it back until a few hours after they left and then ..oops it would be out again. He wAs so pissed ! It was the best time ever!
Petty Aunt
Someone suggested I share here so.I once logged into my xhusband wifi router and blocked all his devices so that he couldn't watch porn. Right before the repair guy got to his house to repair it, I unblocked it so it looked like .he was just stupid. The guy would leave and I would block it again.
Don't give me your information, bark commands at me, I waste your time.
Should I shame him on Ig???
Drive reckless behind me to save a few seconds? I guess I'll have some car problems.
My wife's and my biggest pet peeve is people who bring their dogs grocery shopping (actual service animals excluded, of course.) It's especially grating when they put them in the cart so they can rub their little doggy asses all over where we put our food... Today we bought dog whistles
Did you just spoil GoT?
Beep Beep
Accidental but...potent...revenge on a cock-blocker 'BFF'. [Long but worth]
Revenge comes as a booby trap.
You lit up my trip!
I'm an adult, so don't give me the fucking leash m'mkay?
If you're going to fuck with my stuff, don't leave your stuff where it can be easily fucked with.
Sound like a herd of wild horses every time you walk past my office? Enjoy my impromptu accompaniment!
Ten dollar minimum
Refuse to split a tip with me? That'll cost ya
Inspired by La Cucaracha Revenge
Never underestimate the power of a fart joke
La cucaracha revenge
Petty revenge on nightmare housemate and her mother
Bitch sister thinks she can humiliate me? Hahaha alright.
Over $6
Honk at me for getting over? Enjoy waiting an extra 2 minutes.
NSFW "I can't spend my life with a guy that earns that!"
IS NOTHING SACRED?!
A raging jerk? Good luck getting home.
No love for you!
Not free shipping
My cheap roommate's frugality bit her in the wallet
Don't be rude to your cashier.
Road rage on my wife and get the same in return.
10k owed for 1.5 years, sweet revenge
Dairy Payback
I work at a Casual Diner
Making me like in unlivable conditions? An Update!
Teaching a queen how to park correctly.
Didn't Hold the Elevator
Sure, I'll do exactly what your paperwork tells me to do. xpost /r/maliciouscompliance
Architects need to print, stop getting in the way!
Tinder Scammer
Plonker*.
mom gets fired unfairly, takes fancy pancake mix
The long ride home
Petty petty pepper
Chivalry is indeed dead.
Update to: Living in Unlivable Conditions
No food for you
Recruit me for your Amway downline? Enjoy dog piss.
I hate *well known review website*
Harass me while I'm waiting for the train? Enjoy getting escorted out in cuffs.
My room mate is a pretentious piece of shit, and I want to make his room smell bad in an untraceable way.
Do no harm but take no shit
Don't be a snake to your boss' daughter
Roommate doesn't pay? Good luck with that tuition!
Petty Pee Revenge
I need some petty revenge to someone who won't pay (residential painting)
Waste my time? I'll waste yours 6x more
Make my job hell? I'll make your life hell.
Waste my time? I'll waste yours 6x more.
I could tell you, but I won't.
Petty revenge on douche mean girl roommate
Mind games with my wife's boss
The BBC interviews climate change deniers for "balance", so I've complained to the BBC that there's a lack of debate on whether the Earth is flat [x-post r/unitedkingdom]
Not my job
Rush me a day before the deadline? You'll get it as late as possible.
You saw my name four times, FOUR.
Eat my sandwich, enjoy walking
Fuck with my sick leave, I'll have the last laugh.
Steal from me.. I will delete you.
My STBMIL is a teacher, and boy do I want to teacher a thing or two about respect -.-
Don't take my phone, thanks
Toilet Paper Lockdown
Eat my spit bitch
My fiance's racist dad
Bus driver takes revenge on impatient passenger
Instant Messenger Revenge
Legal Takedown
Wails about Mail Assail
Don't fuck with the pizza guy
"Shut up! I know!" [x-post from r/talesfromsecurity]Here's a crazy idea, park in the parking lot!
Don't clean up after your dog? Enjoy the piles of dog crap.
Not gatorade bitch
I supersized a bullying bitch
Professor has many petty rules and is overall rude, provoking outrage from 20 petty students.
"Deal with it ¯\_(ツ)_/¯"
Thanks for the pen
Feedback on Petty Revenge Plot I have planned
What to do if you're tired of your neighbor growing outdoor marijuana near your yard.
Lactose laxatives leechers
Not revenge yet, but more a case of should I do it...
Imaginary driving hazard
Locked out. Unlocked window. Pissed on floor.
Insult my best friend? Let the hate flow through you
Honk at me while I'm crossing the street, wait an additional 30 seconds
My pettiest breakup
Using my farmers market booth as a shortcut? You better be watching where your head is going.
Label someone you just met an asshole? 0 stars.
20 years old, feel like I failed all my life. Need a pep talk to start over :)
Landlords kicked us out, so I gave them the finger. My finger.
Purposefully Smear Rancid Cheese In My Car? That's Okay.
Poopy Revenge
[Meta] This sub in a nutshell.
I started a huge fight between my ex-wife and her boyfriend.
General pettiness on the bus.
You want to abuse my friend for being gay? Let's see how your friends react when YOU come out of the closet.
Kick my stuff all over the place? Good luck with my tiny flip flops
I'm sorry, do you have somewhere to be?
When they let assholes drive
Lazy sister revenge! (Ongoing)
Blind girl justice
You disrespect my yard, I'll do the same to you.
Mixed Her Laundry all to Heck!
Ticket? Nah, this is more fun
BoomBox Revenge
Nice revenge today in my otherwise shitty life.
Missing Socks
Don't steal my pens
Get me in trouble over nothing, I fart in your room
Don't want to be patient? I'll bloody *make* you be patient.
Oh you got me fired? Enjoy unemployment with me.
You're still gonna pay my phone
Shitty Hike
Girl Scout Revenge
Don't call me your bro to get a discount
Door-to-door Salesman Payback
Mock my mental health? I will burn your entire empire to ash.
Try to steal my takis? Have fun eating saliva.
Eating my food really burns me up, now it will for you too.
I need petty revenge tips
Don't mess with people who have keys to your house...
Ways to get petty revenge across state borders
Ice me away from my friends, and it will end your relationship.
Slappin tha bass
Don't be a rude redditor
If you won't, I will!
Your negligence will cost you.
You're negligence will cost you!
Teacher treated us like kindergarteners in a college level class
Petty Wedding Issues
Steal my food? Enjoy waking up an hour earlier for the rest of summer
Teacher treated us like kindergarteners in a college level class
Tldr
1 load or 2?
Be ride to the driver, get off last.
Pretty Lawn? Petty Mow.
The Turnabout Dolly
Ate my pudding, enjoy your night long Baby.
Bitch Face
Irresponsible housemate on a power trip? Enjoy your bills.
Poop return
Aggressive tailgater
Merging
Being petty with a taxi driver
Sorry not sorry
Make me wash the dishes including those not supposed to be on my turn? I will NOT wash all of them.
If this post reaches 131072 first, it will be an act of petty revenge upon all the people trying to milk karma out of a dying meme.
Stalker wouldn't leave me alone so I told his exgirlfriend he was a peeping Tom
Literally Petty (or Penny) Revenge
I think that's the last time he'll ask for a ride
So you like living rent-free? Get ready for hell.
Make me live in unlivable conditions? Let's see how that works out for you.
Asshat at McDonald's
Mom's delicious revenge on roommate
Special delivery! It's petty revenge.
They'll never see it anyway. HA!
How to get back at my little brother without getting in trouble with my parents?
Always clean up after yourself.
My brother was a jerk to me. How do I get back at him without getting in trouble?
New laptop for me
You don't DESERVE gravy.
Don't insult the person who handles your food!
A wee bit of revenge
Rush me at the airport water fountain? I will be petty!
[Request] Phone Scammers
Spoil a movie ending for me? Get punched
If there truly are 7 hells, I'm building you a vacation home in every one of them..
Cereal revenge
Popcorn Butter Revenge
Use my furniture for free? Sit on the floorA bit delayed
Don't pay your bills? Enjoy your high speed internet!
Not paying your bills? Enjoy your high speed internet!
Waste my day? Enjoy your purchase with special packaging!
Entitled people at a demolition derby
Walmart revenge
The Applebee's $100 marinara shower
Shitty service drivers
I was a loan officer, and World Bank screwed me, so I got petty
Left a bad taste in his mouth
Don't make me curious by telling you have a gift for me
Make jokes about my brother having cancer? I'm going to fucking take everything back that I ever gave you.
Just another roommate's petty revenge
Sticky parking lot revenge
Try to write me up a dress code violation because my Trump shirt triggers you? Okay, I'll play your game!
Need serious revenge, not petty, on the man who killed my cat.
Not petty, serious. Need revenge on the man who murdered my cat.
I will bring my mom just to spite you
Please be quiet while on the quiet carriage.
Bully me in fourth grade? Hopefully you like eggs.
Leaving the old landlord with ants because HAH!
Cheat on me with my best friend, make my life hell, and hit me? Let's call the cops!
Just another roommate's petty revenge
Crazy (17F) girl sold me oregano instead of weed for $50 and nothing was done to provoke this
Crazy (16F) girl i've know for years sold me oregano not weed without provocation for $50 what should I do
Fable - Revenge of the disproportionately jilted psychopath customer
Don't want to do your work? Enjoy your new nickname, kid.
Don't mess with your future mailman.
Creepy Cab Ride? Keep the Change.
Grocery shopping during peak times is bad enough...
Going slow to make me mad? Two can play that game...
My previous employer unwittingly paid me to fly across the country and interview for a better job which I eventually left them for
Don't want a large, fine...
Don't fuck with the person who knows your GPA (X-Post from AskReddit)
Hack my Spotify? Enjoy the music selection!
Fix my computer will you?
Skin Conditioning [nsfw, gross, lang, long]
Good dog
So you want to be rude . . .
"Why does my room smell like shit?"
Cheaters don't get keys
HOA short story
Thanks for the Beats
Scottish guy vs Pizza chain store
Weeaboo Body Pillow Revenge
Hate being at school so much that you make it a nightmare for everyone else? Enjoy summer school!
Don't blow your horn at me!
Awful manager quit and still made people's lives miserable.
A colleague ruined the wrestling for me so I ruined his name.
bully me? bombard you with pineapples.
Verbally abuse me and my mom? You no longer have headphones.
"Get out of my way!"
The boss' son
I'm an office prankster, and I have many magazines
The same family tears up the park I work at every year
Disgruntled Employee
Pup's revenge for me
Take ice without refilling the tray? Enjoy never having ice available again.
The Fart Heard Round The World!
Excuse me, that is MY recycling bin.
Don't pay, get stranded and dad-joked
Don't mess with restaurant staff.
My "best friend" was a colossal cunt
Aww.. did someone just pee themselves ?
You shrugged, so I'll shrug back
A Petty Street Parking Battle
Frisbee toss yo
Don't do repairs or pay workers? Have fun trying to rent this place
Oh, nevermind.
no shots for you
Don't believe I'm nauseous, pay the prize.
The only place I can boast about this shameful act of petty revenge...
Grandpa Forced Me To Watch Golf
New use for waterproof lipstick!
A friend would not stop saying "Never forget," so I made sure they never forgot.
(X-post malicious compliance) Don't like the floor? How about the top shelf!
Annoying goober on the bus gets a loogie in the mouth
Burning buttholes and ruined vibrators.
Leave the dish pit a mess? I'm gonna freeze your hat.
"You said it was important to 'Never forget.' So I'm going to make sure you do just that."
Here, I got you some water
Lord over everyone because you're a doctor? Lord over THIS!
They interrupted our fun, so my dad interrupted their sermon
You snatch them up in 1 minute? I'll drive the price up
Some Lady at High-Heaven
Rude customer at my job today
Asshole old guy goes off on me at a movie theater for dumb reason
Don't outpace your tank (Gaming Revenge)
An 8-hour Drive Wasn't Petty Enough
An 8-hour Drive Wasn't Petty Enough
Ding my door, give me a sh!tty look and don't apologize?
Old friend is all wet.
Yell at me for showing up too early??
Looking for a story
Through Weeks and Miles I Got My Revenge
Locked out of the apartment
I Drove Over 8 Hours for Oh So Sweet Petty Revenge
Do you like shopping twice?
Throw a bottle of petroleum jelly at me and tell me to "take care of business, and come back when I feel better?" Yes, sir!
Say John McCain is 'not a war hero', watch him do a slow rollout drama to kill your bill.Be an annoying squeaker? I'll find you on Facebook and make you apologize to the whole lobby
Enjoy your pens now, lady.
Be a dick to me in line? Don't get your preferred seat!
Lighting in the bathroom
Don't fuck with a chairwoman, idiots.
This revenge probably won't happen for a while, but when it does, I'll feel a lot better.
Answer your damn phone, lady.
Steal my packages? Hope you enjoy this one!
Wet
One of those "technical support" guys called me and I had some free time.
douche canoe driving
The petty will continue until morale improves
[Ongoing] I'm trying to get someone fired from their server job
Have fun with catheters!
Never piss off the people responsible for making your food.
Throw a plum pit into my yard? How about 35 in YOURS
Beyond Scared Straight - Xbox Edition
I'm so petty that I go out of my way to kill her with kindness
Be a jerk? Eat more than your share of my cake? Prepare to get extremely pissed off.
Mess up my hall? Lose yours
Decaf Tea
Did you know your speaker has Bluetooth?
Beyond Scared Straight - Xbox Live Edition
Ol' Hairy Legs
Car-ma: A Tale of Parking Spot Revenge
I made an angry old man MORE angry by asking him to "spell it", after he insulted and swore at me!
In which a bully is taught to respect the rights and property of others
"Don't worry about it, bro"
Put your damn cart away.
The Laundry Terror
"She wanted me to make sure all our leaves stayed completely separated. I'm just following through."
Bookworm's Revenge
Spark my Weed without asking? Enjoy......
Stabbed me in the Back, Huh? Prepare for Petty Over 9,000
Drop me as a friend will you!
It's against company policy to deliver packages to an asshole.
Petty directions.
Petty revenged at the groceries
Fuck your quinoa.
Sleazy guy has to live in his own personal purgatory
How about you buy the toilet paper?
Move my carryon, miss your connection
I absolutely LOVE people who pay with pennies!
Standoff over a parking spot
My petty clapbacks to my family.
This is Gonna Cost Me $300
Enjoy your throttled Wifi, Dickhead.
If my purse is a seat, then so are you.
Apparently I'm an asshole
Disrespect me? Have slow internet for the rest of the day.
Want to smash mailboxes? Better be ready to make some apologies.
Give me my fucking marinara sauce.
Hide-a-Key
"It's a free lake, isn't it?"
The most petty thing happened to me today
The prettiest thing happened to me today
Inconsiderate roommate gets a clean apartment
You don't want to drive the speed limit? Fine, neither will I
Packed tube revenge
Sending dick pics to my wife is a bad idea
"Long-time Best Friend" Stole My Stuff. Weeks of Pettiness Ensued.
Tale of Three Inches
Oh you're going to throw a fit at the gym? Please enjoy the sight of my skinny self enjoying a slice of pizza during your workout.
"Take whatever you want. Just be out by Monday."
Cut me off once, shame on you...
No one likes a tailgater
The pettiest of all petty revenges, she never saw it coming!
No, riding my bumper will not encourage me to drive faster...
Wake-up Call
That's right, brush your teeth...
Can't take the Heat get outta the kitchen
Water with no ice
Fuck you, Dad.
Ghosting isn't a very nice thing to do.
"The Pen That Started It All"
Leave my door open? Fine.
E-mail Spam from HELL
"I hate loud music!"
Don't Order McDonald's After Closing
Gum at Disneyland.
No time to help?
I call out Facebook friends for changing their profile photos to a flag instead of taking meaningful action, they call me out for being a hypocrite and say I'm not doing anything myself, so I donate $60 to the Manchester Bombing victims just to prove them wrong (this all went down a few months back)
A girl i've been friends with for years just gave me oregano instead of $50 worth of weed...
Pettiness on the road
Come in ten minutes before closing and make a mess on my freshly mopped floor? Have fun not getting your drinks refilled.
Kid hacked a loogie on me
Tap my desk every time you walk past will you?
Don't use indicators? Expect to be impeded.
Dad gets petty AND savage!
Four Euros
Gallon of pee
OK Fine, You Can Win Every Time.
That one time I made a twat lose his part in a school play
Jerk won't leave the single bathroom stall, so I make him stay there on his own free will for over an hour.
Tattle on me for accidentally saving you a dollar? I'll treat you like the rat you are.
Learn to park
Pretend to be a fundraiser and trick a kid into spending all his money? That's cool, I'll just take back all that money. Also, have fun in that room.
Scam a kid out of money by pretending to be a fundraiser? Have fun losing everything you made.
Putting the 'Pee' in Petty
Cut off my girlfriend, eh? Good luck with your shopping.Next time choose a better place for confrontation
Yeah no, I'm not going to enable your lying habit. Have fun at the hospital!
Revenge on fake friend
Steal my tips? I'll get you fired.
You want the rose? You have to take the thorns.
If you don't follow courtesy rules I won't either.
Petty Polka Party
No, I'm not getting off the only working elliptical machine just so you can use it.
My Dentist was an asshole.
So I'm a good for nothing girl?
Send me addressed ad-mail? I'll send you an envelope full of scrap paper.
Revenge on the high school douche
Just an average customer!
Bus driver fucks me over, call him "Bud"
So you let your dog go wild with our garbage?
Sister-in-Law Revenge
Mess with an acquaintance, call upon yourself the reign of mildly annoying revenge, part 2
The time i took down two jerks
My shockingly petty revenge (NSFW?)
If you won't let me return my products then I'll just dispute with my bank
Student signs my email up for a bunch of political newsletters because she disagrees with my views. Moron did it on University computers.
Play stupid games win stupid prizes.
Someone I know nagged me for a job &amp; screwed me about, so I gave him some exercise.
Rude bus driver? No gratitude for you!
I need your help for some simple revenge.
Repost from r/ProRevenge: DON'T MESS WITH MY HAT
Bully me into leaving a game? Have a taste of your own medicine.
6:15 am alarm. Repeat every Friday
Success is the best revenge
Don't want to invite me? That's cool.
A story about my unprecedented trip to Hawai'i
My lazy sister
Silence is golden
Ruin my mom's vacation? Hope you weren't expecting a smooth ride home
A post from the other side - I'm a victim of the pettiest of revenge
Break my instrument? HAH!
Try To Cut 30+ Cars in a Construction Zone, The Construction Workers Will Get Revenge On You.
Wedding Woes
Best Tactical Backpack Reviews
Lot line watching neighbor.
Mess with an acquaintance, call upon yourself the reign of mildly annoying revenge, Part 1
Revenge from someone who works in box office
Petty revenge for a parking ticket
"You're only here for one week!" "OK then."
Don't Pay Your Share of the Utilities? The Courts Will Make You
Add ae
My Greasy Roommate.
Want to be a shitty landlord? Then pay me to clean my own apartment.
Revenge gone too far?
Hey, respect the lines!
You email me 40 MB of attachments and ask me to forward them to people instead of doing it yourself or putting it on a cloud? Allow me to CC you for your records.
Petty band geeks
Petty elevator revenge
My neighbouring country is rather petty
Boss decides to redefine my role, gets more (or maybe less?) than he bargained for.
Sure, lady, we can do it your way.
Guy doesn't realise how easy his job is, supervisor decides to make his job shitty
need ideas on quick and subtle revenge
I taught my roommate a valuable lesson in roommate etiquette.
Showing my house without proper notification? I'll make your sale that much harder...
Be an unsympathetic ass? Have fun next time you start your car.
Petty revenge on my shitty realty company
This old lady almost killed me and nearly got me beat up...
Idiot driver wants to fight me, but ends up taking a nice detour instead.
Pay with $100? Sure, go ahead!
Bike thief gets kicked off football team
Won't listen to your parents or sibling? Fine, you get to experience your own actions
Flipping Off Malignant Narcissist Boss
"We close at 10" means we close at 10.
Thanks for the pen, Asshole.
Ultra-religious lady won't sell rated M game.
With the cherry on top
When my son decided to get next level petty
You know what? Nah
Birthday girl and her bullying mother get caught in their lies and shamed.
Cherry on top
She snitched to my mom so I terrorized her silently for two weeks. (Long but worth it)
Oh, you're exempt from the "no phone calls" rule? Well then, GOOD MORNING BALTIMORE!!!!!
Saw this happen over Memorial Day weekend...
Request money? Well, you'll get it, but...
Married People, Single Sex
If you don't, I will!
If you're only nice for things you need, I'll take away things when you're not nice.
😊
Obnoxious to the wait staff? Sorry about those chairs.
spicy sauce
Steal My Weed, get caught on film.
You cuts me off, like hell I'll stop and help you.
Screw your company
Parking and peace.
Force fed grandma.
I give the email of my ex-boss when I know I'm going to get spammed.
Don't trash talk someone right in front of you!
This is how we are gotten back as a society.
This food tastes like WATER!
If you like sharing dick pics with strangers, why not with your family?
NSFW If you like sending dick pics to strangers, why not send them to you family?
Loyal client sticks up for business and tells abusive client off .
Force me from my lane? I'll force you from the pool.
Bully gets rejectedRecline the whole flight? Have fun with that seat!
Help me to get my petty revenge...
[NSFW]If you want to send unsolicited dick pics to strangers, why not share them with your family too?
They'll never steal food from the refrigerator ever again
Neverending shopping bags.
Wake my kids up through the night, enjoy listening to Thomas the Tank Engine at 6am.
Uncle refuses to transfer a car title from my name to his
Princess gets put in place
Help me?!
All of the reserved take-out spaces were full...
How to deal with someone who parks over the line.
Co-worker tattle tailing at work, I left her out of my going away celebration
Petty Revenge on New Neighbor
Earned 250% off my revenge
Larry, I hocked a loogie in your fries.
Dodge my emails and phone calls? Have fun putting in extra hours to complete a training module that I have the answer key for.
Ghetoo Hood neighbor kids harassing my girlfriend whenever they're playing basketball.Now they have no basketball hoop.
Take my AC here have my oil too!
Just use a turn signal!
Steal my coursework? I'll steal your sports deal.
Just plotting
Shed a tear for me my friend
Shitty Parking
Petty revenge perpetrated on me. Beware the audiobook world.
Brat Child's Parents get a soft reminder
Try to get an 8 year old kid to pay a defaulted loan that wasn't even his? I'll just insult you and waste your time!
Say "No!" To the FCC! r/pettyrevenge is Pro Net Neutrality!
I caused my friend to break up with her boyfriend.
Smoking doctor is a smoking gun when pulled over.
I caused a massive shift in our department's lab policy by doing something petty.
You made me run across campus for this?
Be rude to me? Of course I won't send you a bill.
Petty Milk Revenge. (Long w/ Context)
Be shitty buying a car, I won't fill it up
Making fun of old people? Say bye to your expensive hat.
Road Rage Revenge
Sold a shitty 'friend' concert tickets. Ignores my messages for 8 weeks so I called his mom.
Be ignorant and rude all flight? I hope you don't miss your jacket
Shitty server demands a better tip
Try to fire me? I don't work for you, you work for me!
[Meta] Most of the new stories here seem to be disappearing?
Got bass? We have BASS.
OP delivers a petty slice of revenge
Snatch and grab at the gym
Harass me at the gym? Get sweaty feet.
Take that, you boyfriend stealing wh*re
Don't illegally dump, especially if you leave your mail in the bags!
Enjoy the warm bed
Need ANON SMS
Mess with my reputation. I mess with yours.
Guy from r/India destroys an ebay scammer who stole his laptop worth 2600$.
Horrible new roommate(s) don't know what's coming
Petty revenge on my dog
When r/india mods gets owned
Target at Christmastime
VERY petty revenge against asshole customer
Fuck with my sister? I'll find someone to fuck you
Attempt to sabotage my AP tests? Have fun applying to college!
Come to my house and drink random peoples drinks...well son time for a little leason.
Send porn to a stranger, after i say nothing sexual? Well, let me find your brother on facebook and make you have a talk with him on how to internet 101!
Have several affairs over the course of your marriage? Get served.
Don't Steal From An Old Lady or I'll Destroy Your Porn
Brew the coffee
You make me suffer, I make you suffer.
Spam me with ads? Pay for it.
Former friends gets a slice of humiliation.
Petty revenge on Walmart self-serve employees with attitudes
Advice for slashed tyres
Scam me out of $20 kid? Let's see what your principal thinks.
Ex-tra bucks.
Maybe you should try not being a hypocrite?
Victory smells like Axe body spray and vomit.
Coworker quit without notice and begged for her job back
No nachos for you
That's what you get.
How I got a senior employee fired with no severance.
Cut the line? No pizza for you
Muse playing Feeling Good at Radio 3
Extra delivery please
my ex put his daughter adoption 16 years ago and now doesn't want to me her bay
I tried to get my jail bitd ex to see his kids or grandauter
Do no harm but take no shit.
Bully my friend? Wear the pee-pants.
Bully me in middle school, no job for you
Should I take petty revenge on a suspect's property for deflating two of my tyres after parking closely to their driveway?
ignore my attempts to work together? fail the class
Step-mom messes with friend's life. She embarasses her in the most petty way
Neverwinter (told to post here)
minor road justice
Johnnie Walker Blue Label
Laptop Color
I need help taking revenge
Not my problem you can't park
Bitch insulted me to my face. I got her blog taken down.
"I HAVE A GIRLFRIEND"
I was railroaded by my bosses in a meeting that I recorded, which I used to make a video lampooning them. Then I sent it to their bosses.
Someone owes me $4k
Wanna harass me all through college and a couple years after? Fine, but you'll have to pay a cover charge.
School camp from hell treated me terribly, but I had the last laugh.
There's still time to down vote Jared Leto's AMA!It's not even coffee
Do not mess with those who control the schedule
My mom and I battle to see who is more petty
Teach your kid some manners or I'll make him poop his pants!
Screw You... Or Not
You used to be a "cop" and now you're getting arrested by them.
South Korea Blasts ‘We Are the Champions’ at North Korea Border
Revenge on scammers who sold my boyfriend counterfeit concert tickets
$150+ for recyclables
Teach your kid some manners or I'll make him poop his pants!
Gym douche with no homework
If you won't show basic courtesy, I won't either.
Petty Revenge on Indian Scammers
Stole their wood
Someone I live with and their annoying over the top love with cats. (no cats are harmed)
King of Meemistan
Verkaufe Minecraft Acc (lifetime premi auf gommehd.net)
Warning: failure to make up my hotel room will result in pettiness.
What's the pettiest thing you've ever done?
Ketchup Revenge
Aunt Takes the Wind out of Blowhard Uncle
I've been leaving angry notes on every server report I turn into work.
Teach your kid some manners or I'll make him poop his pants!
Korea's Last Gift for Me
My boss has been stalling my career for personal reasons, so I'll get back at him where he feels "safe" and in control
A pushy homeless person annoyed me walking home so I bought a Megaladon Shark Card in GTA Online just because I could.
Indian Scammer Tries To Lock My Computer - I Destroy His Call Center
Being racist to my Asian friend? Have fun with drug charges.
Be super rude to me? Lose $3500.00 worth of bussiness.
Act of kindness turns into revenge
Shared laundry etiquette is difficult.
Petty revenge worked out better than I had anticipated thanks to a stroke of pure luck.
Click your tongue at me? Enjoy looking at my butt for an extra five minutes.
Never click at me
Putin destroyed the site I used to draw the mascot for but forgot to cancel my contract and login credentials.
Cut in the que for the gym will you
The constant clicking drove me insane
The Start Of Something New
Embarrass me in front of my peers and I'll return the favor.
My boss is passive-aggressive and he's been slowly halting my career... he'll be sorry for this
My boss is passive-aggressive and he's been slowly halting my career... he'll be sorry for this
My boss is passive-aggressive and he's been slowly halting my career... he'll be sorry for this
Taxi driver honked at us for not turning at a "no right on red" intersection, then when it turns green he passes us up on the left in the oncoming lane and almost hits a car headon, then when I tried to report him to the police he tried to hit me
My boss is passive-aggressive and he's been slowly halting my career... he'll be sorry for this
Be rude to me? I will call you ass!
helping with product count, Arabic numbers not clear enough
Guest refused to sit at our only open table
Need ideas for petty revenge on employers that ghost me after interviews.
Declined my call because of something very important.
In a hurry to go nowhere?
No. More. Parties!
Bathroom duty
I gave a mom and her crying infant my seat on a 3 hour delayed flight!
You. Need. To. VER.I.FY. ME!
Landlord lost one of my rent payments
You're not wrong, your just an asshole.
Narcissist mom wants more control, she slowly loses it all
I basically ruined this girls life
I like to delete my co-workers' super-important print jobs because they're just generally rude, and their reaction is hilarious.
won't reimburse me for company expenses?
Super religious lady won't sell a rated M game at Walmart.
Pool hall vomit
Evil apartment manager? Okay - here's your money!
Petty revenge is a dish best served....not at all.
Be a Bitch to me? No Sloths for You
My uncle ran some petty revenge on me.
He now sees the error of his ways
I'm wrong for this. I'm an asshole for this. I feel okay about it, though.
A PSN friend "Donated" blood for a video game!!!
Fired for Facebook
Petty revenge is a dish served....not at all.
Welcome to the suburbs, motherfucker
Obnoxious neighbors have their internet disrupted
A lot of people on this subject are assholes
How can I get back at my neighbor?
"Hiding" the smoke detectors when roommate keeps burning food.
Nobody calls my dog gay
Worse than the silent treatment
My friend found this in our home town, that'll teach that dog!
April Fools as a child, or how my brother and I gave each other the gift of stinging pain.
Road Rage meet passive aggressive
Shoe Punishment
Need advice!
Be a scumbag to everyone? I'll get my revenge by pretending to be a hot blonde.
Rip us off nearly $1,000? Enjoy the endless sausage buffet
Oh! You gave me $20? Where is it?
Want your 14 cents? Learn how to do basic math
If someone posts a negative reply to my posts or comments I like tp upvote them before I downvote them so that it feels like I'm taking two votes off them.
Excuse me ma'am, I think your dog dropped something!
Sure, I'll get you onto a train. Might not be the right one, though. (X Post /r/IDontWorkHereLady)
Landlord won't give me a disabled parking spot and lease violated me for asking.
"Bad Day" for a Mouse
Mine is louder than yours
Cut off a 1/2 mile of cars waiting patiently to exit, karma comes a knockin' (with a little help)
Insult my mother? Have fun cleaning your window every day
Sure, I'll get you onto a train. Might not be the right one, though. (Xpost /r/IDontWorkHereLady)
2 faces
Petty revenge at McDonald's
We inspired a spoiled bro name his boat
Steal my daughters iPad, you don't get to sleep in this summer.Pinning you down, fucker.
Ex took all our furniture and the groceries I paid for. So I made him walk around in 100° weather.
Strand me in a lease and steal my security deposit? After a year of trying to contact you I'll post a public shoutout on your Facebook page on your wedding day.
This bitch...
Dumb jock gets schooled, literally.
Not so tough now - one for the motorcyclists
Girl bullies and beats up my sister, I make sure the popular kids hate her (repost)
Had a cake, gave out just desserts
Guys dog bit my daughter, then was a lying jerk. So we got his dog impounded and, sent him the bills for it.
Scammer
I made $6 and my original investment was returned.
After nasty breakup, sending/hand delivering ex's abortion papers/meds/sonogram to her ultra-conservative, right wing, Christian father.
Girl bullies and beats up my sister, I make sure the popular kids hate her next year
You steal my job, I steal your highlighter!
Don't park in my driveway
Petty revenge on a horrible landlady.
My boss went through my phone so I quit
petty revenge on unprofessional leasing agent
How to prank a coworker...
Abuse an animal? I'll get you in trouble with the Dean.
Won't give me my money? I'll make you
Revenge on a IRS Phone Scamming Company - Call Flooder
New boss makes things difficult for me, get him fired for being a creep!
No good deed today.
Leave your soggy washcloth in the shower? I'll give you a cold awakening.
Act like two racist bitches, I'll turn you against one another with the power of my toots.
Student Loan Forgiveness Program
An entitled bully gets his grade changed
Enjoy touching my bum sweat (F**K YOU CLIVE) NSFW (ish)
Aggressive driver? I'll email your boss.
My roommate has taken to sleeping in on the couch lately...
Push in front of me to get off the train, I can push too.
Turned up the heat
It truly is the hunger games
Steal from my tip jar? Enjoy your extra crunchy sandwich
Thanks for the Sprite!
My Snapchat sucks? Oh OK.
Skid on my lawn and harass my family? UPDATE
Family affairs
Roommates vs. global warming c*nts
Be nice to the receptionist
Cherry-red Porsche Carrera taking up two spots? At the front of the lot? At CHRISTMAS?!!?!?!?
Purposefully showing up late to work out of spite.
The double-cuck shuffle
Refuse to wash your mug, enjoy your morning coffee with a heaping scoop of fart
UPDATE: Skid on my lawn and harass my family? Part two.
UPDATE: Skid on my lawn and harass my family? Part two.
Airplane ettiquete breached
Piss Me Off? Get Your Toothbrush Dunked.
Turned up the heat
The tale of Dogboy
[X-post from /r/thatHappened] Ex-girlfriend goes through the effort of stealing every single keycap because everyone knows that's how you hurt a guy the most.
The reason Unsubscribing offers "I did not sign up for this":
Prettiest thing I have ever done in my life quite proud actually
Slap my dog will you?
Petty ass boss gets her petty ads memed
You cheated on me and we broke up because of it. Now you want tech support?
Collectible scammer no collects bad reviews. (x-post /r/ProRevenge)
Somebody has been dumping their trash behind our house for the past month.Today I found out who.
Nuisance Nun
What type of non-lethal, limited-harm booby trap can be set up for a 5 gallon plastic gas can thief?
Petty revenge on a pizza store
Karma to my friend that scammed me for $5 Steam
Fridge Fight
I own your company.
Blackmail my dad? I'm the queen of petty.
Racial Conflict
I called my coworkers bluff and placed my nuts in his hand
My step sister keeps stealing from my mother and I.
Stop Leaving Your Garbagecan in My Driveway
Don't be a dick while using a public computer.
How 10 minutes resulted in a $1,000 loss...
No Show an Appointment? PETTY REVENGE, HO!
Am I being too petty?
Ex boss didn't want to pay my wages, we paid ourselves.
Don't assume white people can't understand Spanish
My petty revenge from the days of yore!
Should I delete this pic my boyfriend posted?
Almost hit me, run up my ass, and direct unnecessary roadrage towards me? You probably don't need to be driving that tow truck anymore...
Yogurt thieves beware...
Be careful what you call him
Left her twisting in the wind.
Dont mess with me...
You've Made a Very Pettiful Enemy
Don't use my shampoo/body wash, or take my bottled water.
Too lazy to fix your messed up parking!?!
is hairless the new sexy
Condescending Neighbor
I got someone fired before they even started their new job, and got his date's number.
Asshole Parking
The honkening revenge
All because of some cake.
Big group of Chinese tourists try to pass the line for the Eiffel Tower. It doesn't work
I learned about heroin sourcing on Reddit, so I started raising awareness
Friend starts talking to abusive ex.
Husband falsely accused, retaliates with fudgesicle. NSFW
Mom acts like a child, I show her who's the child in the house
Wake me up on a Sunday morning, I get you, noisy neighbor, busted for driving offenses
Incorrect Data Only if you listened.
I secretly planted a Giant Sequoia tree in my mayor's front yardDenied rude member a free joint because fuck him.
Don't talk loudly on your phone on the train.
Enjoy your soda/water
Your try to run my mum over, I'll watch her get her revenge.
Hate my colleague
Don't mess with the Yearbook editor.
A little tale of my ex step-bitch
Try to shaft me on a car loan? I'll nickel and dime you for all eternity.
College employee is unnecessarily rude to a bunch of kids - I get him chewed out by his boss :)
Entitled coworker always comes late, now I come late
My geometry teacher had it out for me.
Stuck it to the man
The Petty Revenge Of The Mummy
College employee is rude to a bunch of band kids for no reason - I got him chewed out by his boss.
I didn't realize how annoying it was for someone to blast their phone without headphones until I had to live with it.
Two can play at that game
Refuse to accept more passengers like an annoying twat? Watch out
A Grave Mistape
A Grave Mistape
Act like a spoiled child and I'll treat you like one.
Coffee mug to piss off my ex-gf
An asshole roommate and "faulty" wifi.
You try to earn extra pennies? I make sure you lose even more pennies!
So my Stepdad Said Something DISGUSTING....
Revenge on My Drumpf Supporting Step Dad
Awful manager = petty revenge
Upcoming Revenge
Why yes, we should ring up every item. (xposted /r/maliciouscompliance)
In too much of a hurry to put your cart away?
A tale of petty revenge.
An Austrian Concentration camp is not your photography studio
Need help for ideas - I have a scammers email address
Can't let others enjoy things? Enjoy being forced to watch.
The Xbox problem
Family Fun, No Harm Done
Refuse to allow more passengers on like a remorseless twat? Watch out
Refuse to take more passengers like a remorseless twat? Watch out
Refuse to take more passengers like a remorseless twat? Watch out
Please don't push me and cut in line
Don't clean our room on vacation? Enjoy the water bottles all over the room.
Please don't push me.
Got tired of arguing with them about the broken treadmill!
Let your dog poop along our street? Get poop on your shoes.
Little Sister Takes My FNAF Friends, Will Have to Hunt Down 5 of Her Favorite Ones
Anyone ever get into petty fights?
Please don't push me
I got pettied this morning...
Someone put their phone on top of mine in the pigeon holes at work
[NSFW] Unsolicited nudes all around.
The worst "friend" a gal could ask for
I want to help, you want to be a dick, you pay the price.
http://f17300p24.blogspot.com/2017/06/hello-as-redditor-fellow-who-just.html
Don't wanna help me carry in the groceries? Enjoy losing water pressure in the shower!
Bank pettiness galore!
Insult my tea will you?
A horrible pilot gets what he deserves.
Can't stop knocking things over? Neither can I.
Taco Bell got me good.
Petty revenge on an MLM.
Tired of taking shit at the workplace.
Put a tracker on the car? Enjoy tracking it!
Delay my break will you?
Trashy Mom At Walmart
Girl punches me [22m] in nightclub. Petty revenge ensues.
The Mother Daughter Team (Xpost from maliciouslycompliant)
Swipe my phone, will ya.
Won't honor your website promises? Enjoy my charge back.
Don't open til Christmas
Don't yell at your car wash attendant before they've even done anything
Help me go undercover
Inconsiderate hen party
People these days for lmao
If you're not ready to park, don't be an arrogant entitled prick
Tit for tat in rectal form
Kids are assholes.
Knocking a bike over's never a good idea
Don't grab my drunk ass at the bar
Feeling Too Nostalgic to Change the Conversation
Shitty Dog == Shitty WiFi for you!
Won't make room for others on a busy train? Not while I'm around
New York Petty Revenge
So I found a key fob...
Don't Drink and Eat your roomies chicken strips.
Insult my weight? I hope you like the taste of vomit.
Please Follow the Laundry Room Rules
Shitty housemates never clean the stove...until now
The Dog Next Door was Avenged. Netgear Gets All the Credit. Behold The Power of Dual Band!
Amusement park line jumper
Drive like a dick? Enjoy waiting in line
Be a douchebag in Socials? Hope you like having to rewrite your work!
No pictures for you!
Time to refill the printer
The case of the missing trash can.
His odds of winning the raffle are very low.
Skid on my lawn and harass my family? Hope your job security is good
Petty Revenge Against an Ex on My Behalf
Her ignorance was my weapon
Don't yell at me for not opening the gate.
Psycho exgirlfriend is psycho.
I got my college to buy new trash cansRevenge has a Red Handbag
I got my college to buy new and bigger trashcans
She ruined my picture, I broke her arm.
[NSFW] Thief claimed my mod as his own work. Crushed him.
You'll be fine in a couple days
I'm trying to help you but you didn't want to listen.
No thanks,
I showed my boss how it feels to be micromanaged
Revenge...On My Dogs
Don't do your part of the project? Don't worry I'll take care of it. (Long)
Call me names? I'll report your ass.
Be rude to me and my staff? Enjoy paying high interest rates!
Ruined my friend's chances with every girl he was trying to attempt to date.
Fucking with a Scammer (ONGOING)
A thieving roommate and a "haunted" Xbox
Stealing my identity? Fine. Hope you like Good Housekeeping.
Take advantage of your best friend. Lose your wedding photographer.
Academic revenge
Fingers crossed he looses his vanity plate.
Want to leave me passive aggressive notes like you live here? hope you like chickeny mint flavor.
Don't want to talk to people? Enjoy talking to people.
Revenge on douche brother and his gf
45 very satisfying degrees.
You stole my pen, Jake.
Frat denied me in college, dirty looks after rushing
Arrogant customer treats me poorly, I deliver then the pettiest level of customer service possible.
Waited 4 weeks for revenge against my teacher
They told me my friends Photos were too doctored and belongs in /r/ShittyHDR... Guess who's work made front cover Dream Homes International and was featured in the Wall Street Journal
Looking to fuck with someone whos been texting me and my friends from a number none of us know. I've already subscribed them to catfacts. How else can I fuck with this person with only a phone number?
It took me 12 years... but I finally got my perfect petty revenge.
Getting my stolen bike back
Drunken woman berates me for helping
Why complain when I've told I'd be polite
Threaten me with at will employment? I can exercise that right too.
My dad's snowy mountain road rage story.
Won't help around the house, watch out for my sting
Ruin my concert? Fine, I'll pee in your purse.
Didn't share her desk so I took away her internet.
Enjoy your crappy room
Customer insists on paying a £2.50 book with a £20 note, so I bury her in small change
Cheating husband congratulates on cheating wife's new pregnancy through Facebook. Drama ensues. (Episode two)
If you don't like the warm-up band, don't ruin it for everyone else.
Ignore me? Take a broken doorhandle home.
Genetics did my work for me
After years of being broken up, I make my ex make me sandwiches.
Girl made fun of my best friend's disability, so I left her a little surprise
That's Her Lesson Learned!
If you keep harassing me with your sales pitches then I'll harass you back!
Man of many woes
Liquor Store Brawl Number 1
He got the shit he deserved.
Two can play at that game.
Be a bully to someone for doing their job, lose your groceries
Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned
Toddler kid with training wheels falls onto a literal prize-winning lawn. "Nature" takes revenge...
My 5 over isn't enough to keep you from losing your mind? It'd be a shame if you got delayed...
Blast loud music at night? No internet for you!
Rude Awakening
Steve Huffman fight me you little bitch!
Ruin the bitch
Douchebag hextuple parking in hummer gets parked in.
No food? Gibb family for you.
Try to tack on an extra $2K to the price of my car? Guess who's not getting their kickback from the mfr's financing department?
The innocence of youth and the triumph over pre-tweens
The innocence of youth
Terrible Parker
I just hope everyone is okay...
/r/IDon'tWorkHereLady recommends I tell this story here.
My roomie is a petty cunt
Anytime a typically older customer tells me their email address is all-lowercase@oldlady.com I make sure to send the message as ItDoEsNtMaTtEr@oldlady.com
I had a petty exchange with the IT guy and things got nasty then got better.
Don't be trashy at a campground
Actions have consequences. (The day I learned my mom is a savage.)
No bucket. No 21st present.
Asshole tailgater in heavy traffic
Trap me in a closet? I'll poop in your food.
The Flat Mate.
Fuck pushy mall salespeople
Don't wait around or call, get towed
You want something to be upset about? HERE!
Art class revenge
The Revenge of the Ants
Take the wifi? Don't work the next day then.
Treat me shit, get what you deserve.
Treat me bad I'll cheat you out of $20!
Cutting me off won't save you any time today.
Steal my WiFi? Enjoy this minor annoyance
Tolling a check scammer
Wanna unplug my internet cable? You forgot I control the router
Try to get around me when I'm already speeding? Not today.
Sure, I'll be happy to not help you! (x-post from Malicious Compliance)
Make passwords great again!
Bitter Candy
Grandpa don't play that.
Parking Revenge
Man.... that "karma"
Dogs will be dogs.
Play Stupid Games, Win Stupid Prizes
Cheat on my sister? Have fun finding your stuff!
I need petty revenge advice: food thief at workIn which I get my annoying roommates evicted
A Little D for a Big Asshole
"Don't tell me what to do!"
I don't know how to drive and you do not understand how traffic works.
Ex-classmate is obnoxious and lazy, I try tricking her into getting a tattoo that wouldn't look good on her
A Sock Puppeteer has his strings cut
My ex-Best friend told me I was a horrible friend. It cost her a wedding photographer.
Revenge is a dish best served with...Monopoly money?
I felt they had it coming.
My former boss called me a moron on Facebook.
The revenge was on me.
I blew the biggest, most disgusting smelling fart in the middle of a group of annoying girls at a night club
Call me a slur? Good luck finding the bus!
A hippie told me to re-park my car... I didn't.
Rat on me and I'll make sure you get scolded for 90 minutes straight.
Guy took my roommate's parking spot so we threw ham on his windshield
Cheat on me? Well, have fun not hooking up!
The pettiest revenge extracted slowwwwly.
Neighbors think they own the town, I show them otherwise
Choose to not wear earphones? I'll show you how annoying noise can be.
Petty with a side of Mac.
Refuse to help a customer? Have fun loading the truck.
Be an unreasonable c***? Fear for your son's life.
Now I feel like the grandma from Malcolm in the Middle.
Gave justice to an asshole Megabus driver.
Block me from leaving with your cart? I'll return the favor
Glare at me? I'll make you out to be an asshole.
Don't clean my room during my stay? Have fun cleaning after I check out
Up close and personal with annoying shoppers
Making my Mom look like a pervert to her Facebook friends
Guy bitches about me, then wants something I have. NOPE!
Act like a dick, get blinded.
Block the road to chat with your friend? I'll interrupt your conversation until you move, and report you to your own HOA!
Petty Dodgeball Revenge
On hey! Remember me?
Douche Teammate gets what's coming to him
Annoyed by other dogs at the dog park? Let me inconvenience you on your way out
Every dog has it's day
Corto Gay Feliz cumpleaños ESPAÑOLA TV
Ajaj
You want my points? You get pineapple on your pizzas
I Told You Your Order Would Be Ready At 3:30pm. You Don't Need To Call Every 15 Minutes To Check. I'll Make You Pay For Your Impatience.
Regretting that decision?
Peek at me while I pee?
Two can play at that game...
Don't have to worry about a wait time anymore.
Pay(Not Your)Pal
Steal $5? I'm going to cost you a whole lot more than that.
Make me uncomfortable? Two can play that game.
No pictures from Me!
Justice served by the cashier.
Blowhard Gets Fished
My story isn't pro enough.
Wanna tailgate me in my neighborhood? Have fun getting blinded
The risks of being racist on Tinder
No Tobacco for You!
Is quitting your job petty?
Parking spots
kids are jerks
"I got this order right."
me when a sub doesn't allow voting if you're not subscribed
I'm in a long line at the drive-thru,
Car park high jinks
If I can't sleep neither can you
Deleted Step-Son Minecraft world.
Animal Control really stinks
Oh, it'll be to go alright.
(306) 909 1338
Don't fuck your shift relief over!
Not taking training seriously? Enjoy my stank breath
No you are not losing your mind!
Get me kicked out and steal from me? Enjoy paying more for your expensive cosmetics!
Steal my work? Good luck on your own.
The Shoulder Is NOT A Passing Lane
I can't afford it?
I hope my petty revenge is expensive!
Don't mess with my little brother if you don't expect consequences
Egg on your face
Bigots Get To Wait.
My ex hates hair metal
Want to be a petty, passive-aggressive twat? sure! it will cost you your job.
Are you physic
Park like an ass? I got you a ticket
I ruined my bully's relationship and potentially his college chances.
Changed my Spotify Password
Plus interest
Beware of the raisins
Friend, turned roommate, turned bitch.
Shoutout to Call Centre Liz
A fair share...
What you want to learn how to say that in Italian?
Live Luxuriously with MClub. Get Membership Now.
There's a new show on Netflix about serializing pretty revenge:
asshat cancels irl paypal payment after receiving in-game helm
Mess with me an you get the poop
Stood up at Denny's after waiting 1 hour and 30 minutes
I indirectly might have saved somebody's life
Want to be dismissive and make smart comments to a tenant - smell poop
Petty v. Skanky
Sorry I'm so "worthless" :)You won't be serving any iced tea then.
"friend" asks me if she can copy an assignment...
A little help with Petty Revenge
Was this revenge served too cold to be petty?
Wanna cause a scene? I'll start taking pictures.
Threaten to fire me? Prepare to get graded!
Pizza + Heroin = Arrested
Roommate forces me to move out of our apartment in the middle of a blizzard
I got into a physical altercation, got a milkshake afterwards.
This guy has wrecked the perfect revenge on some loud people having a business meeting in a coffeeshop
Bosses are lazy fucks
Lazy Friends, A Little Bit Of Revenge
Are you going to eat that?
You know what? I DO want that warranty this time!
TSA Revenge
Petty revenge advice
Screw me over? Fine, enjoy losing 75% of your business
Does anyone know of a legit spam app I can use to retaliate against scammers
Reacting to my ex's behavior
Coworker was being difficult so I...
Parked me in, huh? Enjoy the ham I smeared across your windshield.
Parked me in, huh? Enjoy the ham I smeared across your windshield and mirrors.
Complain about my sister? Enjoy losing your music.
Don't Do Onto Others What Your Bitch Ass Can't Take
I threatened to kill a pair of fourth-graders
Petty revenge, old school
The best morning i've had all year
Petty, Buttery Revenge at the Movies
Because you can't do it yourself.
Dirty neighborhood politics? Explain it to Jesus.
If I can't park my car there, neither can you.
I act my way into Petty Traffic Revenge, or, The Terror of Moron Rednecks
Man sues woman for $17.31 after she texts throughout date, leaves him at theater
Tales of Delicious Revenge from a Recovering Retail Worker
Think you can be a shitty person to my friend? I will out-karaoke your ass.
The Meatball Surprise
Publishers clearing house!!!!
Try and cut my friend out of the weekend they paid for? Time for some benevolent pettiness!
Bicyclists blocking a stop sign
Roommate's Girlfriend who broke our lock will get locked out!
Rely on others because you’re too lazy to be responsible? Enjoy being locked out in the rain!
Gonna park me in? I'm smearing honey-baked ham all over your windshield, then.
Gonna sprint out of the Home Depot garden department with a bucket full of stolen supplies? Take the license plate off your stupid, shitty car next time.
Most of USA is sleep by now, lets tell them how shitty they are so they awake to good toilet literature.
Does it smell nice now?
Dirty neighborhood politics? Explain it to Jesus.
The ceramic bunnies
I hope it was mildly annoying to clean the maple syrup off your car.
Of.course you're more important than every other car on the road.
Make me do your busy work? Hope you didn't want to keep your paperclips.
Scream at me at the crosswalk? I'll take my time crossing.
Petty revenge by a courtroom sketch artist
Please stop calling me I am not James
A little revenge on the bus
You call me bad boy? I'll bite your heckin leg
Piece of garbage neighbor parking in my driveway
Guy almost ran me down in parking lot
Old guy in a rush.
http://icc4israel.wesign.it/fr
Employment Verification
Leave some space next time
Old guy in a rush
Be A Courteous Driver
Slowly but surely rescuing my friend from his grandmother
Move in please, or I'll eat your hair
Call center employees goes on rampage on last day
Stay out of my life!
Mess with my laundry? I'll make sure yours is EXTRA clean.
Move in please, or I'll eat your hair
The most passive-aggressive thing I've ever done
Steal my bricks- twice? Good luck getting your trailer back!
Don't try to take advantage of the smart kid. He will outsmart you.
Have fun getting your cable back
You want to take my short day? Fine, neither of us will get it.
Here's your damn coffee
Hello
My girlfriend gave me a one doughnut limit.
No shower, no shoes, no scenery
I hope you are not allergic to onions.
Try to steal a space? Nope!
Keep using my yard and fence as a short cut, enjoy washing that shit off your hands without the right soap.
No movies for you tonight...
Think you'll save time not returning your cart? Think again.
Revenge made easy
I don't feel great doing this to a fellow retailer, but... [Long]
Noghtclub Rejection *Gone Clickbait*
My wooden box
No, I haven't seen your random missing items
Petty delivery revenge
Don't ever call me a liar.
You care about my lawn so much? You can have it. [LONG]
Slack off all the time? Here's some petty revenge!
Almost make me tardy? *YOU* pay the consequence!
The Nebulous List
Bike parking
One cheeseburger no cheese coming up
Golden showers for rude houseguest
miss me yet?
Petty Beeping Revenge
Treat me awful and be a dick? Have fun explaining this to your parents.Sister ate my chicken
Bully me in 5th grade? Have fun getting shot down a decade later.
Bully me in 5th grade? Let me shoot you down a decade later
When a tailgater meets a concrete block
What's more annoying? Answering phone calls or repeatedly checking your voicemail?
Distracted drag racer gets wet
Housemate being a total bitch
You make me sour, so I'll return the favor.
Shoe Factory revenge
Request: help me get my revenge on this woman at the bus stop
Request: A woman on the bus I need help finding ways to enact some petty revenge.
The Struggle for Study Space
Siblings and the Supernatural.
You tell us to move, I'll make sure u move by turning off your water
Always pay for services you opt
The Princess with the BMW
Roommate revenge
The time I got petty revenge on my boss
I had to go two months without a shower or laundry, but I got the last laugh.
Those Aren't for you!
Put me on a bogus personal improvement plan and you'll pay!
Weasel Won't Work, Wins Wrath
Free time + Opinion + Friends = Paypal cash
You moon me? My pup shall avenge me...
You moon me? My pup shall avenge me...
Park where you don't belong or for an extended period? Prepare for petty valve stem revenge.
How do I legally fuck up somebody's life?
What a rotten way to start a morning...
Spray wash your windscreen on the motorway, spray wash it twice.
Sweet tea.
Try to scam me out of my credit car number? Enjoy the fake credit card.
HE KEYED MY CAR
Rotten way to start a morning.
Maybe don't flip off the wife of your main contractor?
Guy was a dick bag in middle school. Get your homework ruined.
Invade my space on the bus? Guess where my space was the past three hours.
Don't tell me owner wants to sell unit, I won't acknowledge your question.
"Hack" my facebook once, I'll laugh along... a second time, and I get petty. Major family blowup follows.
Revenge is a dish best served cold, and laced with pettiness.
Fuck with my food, get ready for a suprise.
What's your favorite ''kill them with kindness'' petty revenge story?
Hidden but heard
Sticking it to the man 5 cents at a time.
Sister thinks jump scaring me is funny, she forgets her irrational fears
Not changing Netflix password
Not changing Netflix password
Soap
The Nuisance Nun
Should I or shouldn't I
Petty Change Revenge
Bye Bye Bonsai...
Not actually my revenge, but my idea.
The Trap Can
Stole my parking spot? Here's some garbage to clean up from your car.
Kids are allowed to use chalk
Have fun trying to open that safe.
Be a bitch, that's not windex
Try to be a creep? Get a new pillowcase. (NSFW)
Brother stole my car
Use your own toothpaste
Waste an hour of my day making me deliver your Craigslist item? I'll blow up your phone
I get back at two executives at my job by pitting them against one another
Invisible, am I? I'll show you invisible.
Try to Intimidate my disabled neighbor? I'll make sure you get dropped by your sponsors.
Wasting the telemarketers time.
Watch your language
Steal my groceries? I'll steal your mama's homemade tamales.
I see your greedy scam, and I raise you my petty Robin Hood revenge
You really should have helped Mom out with Dad's funeral expenses
Cheat on me? I'll delete all her nudes and take juicy screenshots.
If you're going to fuck me over at least do it so that I can't fuck you back
Kick me and my kids out after 2 years of me taking your abuse just to move in your new girlfriend? Hope y'all like crickets serenading you as you try to sleep.
Long con revenge against plagiarizing lab partner
I baited someone into spending months obsessed with my Reddit account
The Telemarketer
The Telemarketer
Locked the landlord out of my old crappy apartment
Ruin my life, I wipe with your shirt
Honk at me because you want to move up 2 feet in a line?
Have fun being locked out
Have fun with that cold
Allies in high places
An asshole for a boyfriend
writing your secrets down in a book? What a nice idea, dear bullies!
Have fun cleaning dog crap off your shoes.
Walk in the road? Keep walking.
Nobody wants to help me finish my exam study guides? Fine, no finals study guide for you.
Not my revenge...
Thanks for the change!
Make fun of him? Enjoy the bus ride home.
Don't mess with my parents!
Hog the washers? We'll see about that
My ex bitched at me over 4$ and I never want to talk to her agian
I was part of Very short Highway Petty Revenge...
Don't mess with a girl with lavashits.
You moon me, my pup will avenge me.
You moon me.... My pup will take revenge.
NYCC Ticket Revenge
You moon me, my dog will take revenge.
That's a cool jacked up truck, let's see if you can maneuver it as well as you can drive it.Don't touch my drugs, I'm well seasoned in revenge
Repeatedly try to overcharge my dinner? Enjoy your $1 tip.
Suprise me with work. I'll suprise you with its name.
I Provoked Some Pre-Pubescent Panic
Elbow me, brush me, lean into me? Oh, you want to see?
The pettiness is extreme
What's worse than a prank call? A hundred real calls
You're not disturbing my sleep on my watch, and not on yours either!
Scammed, then Pranked. Need advice for Revenge !
Try to speed around in the right lane on a two way highway? Have fun getting shamed by everyone
Friend's roomies bug him about a problem they have in spades, in a passive-aggressive way. I leave them a gift.
Bully me? Enjoy finding your thong.
Trio of would be shoplifters gains unseen shadow...
Won't let us play? You just messed with the wrong nerds.
"HE'S DEAD"
Or you could just try this
In college someone gave me a laxative brownie...
Allies in high places
Use my email address, will you?
A Little Telemarketer Revenge (now who doesn't love that?)
SATANS MISSING ROOMMATE
Send my pre-closers home, stay at work all night with me!
"Pranked"
Estate agent wasted our time... we wasted his
Rude/fake local politician gets unelected
A girl bullied me and deliberately dated my crush to hurt me, so I made her wrongfully punished by her friends and the teacher.
I still don't know if he ever got his coffee
Did you get all that?
Be an asshole, lose your CS:GO rank
Don't tell us about a rescheduled open? Miss out on our commission.
How to get revenge on a narcissist
Just get in and scan your card. It's not that hard.
The time for negotiations has come and past
The time for negations has come and past
Try To Scam Me? I'll Waste Your Time
Don't throw away my cheese.
Cut me off? See you in a little while.
Cheat on me, I'll fuck with your grammar.
Professor doesn't like me...
Cut my faire then tell me to hurry up? Yeah, I'll be there soon.
Act like a dick, get dicked
How's it taste, buddy?
Large Cup of Ice
My roommate made me miss my final so I wiped my dirty butt on her jacket
Elderly gentleman learns some manners
Coffee-Shop Cashier's Revenge
Kick me out of the group project? I'll steal the only A.
Mild annoying coworker revenge
Ah, yes, that appointment
Roommate's last petty revenge against me
Nigerian Drone Scammer Almost Got Me. Almost.
I tattled on a coworker who hated the job and attempted to make my life hell at work for months... now he got fired.
I tattled on a coworker who hated the job and attempted to make my life hell at work for months... now he got fired.
I tattled on a coworker who hated the job and attempted to make my life hell at work for months... now he got fired.
Cut my hours at work, make me miss a funeral and waste my holidays?
Unlucky Steam key scammer calls electronics, gets the dumbest employee in the world
Drive too fast? Your car is gonna get wet
Mess with me and I'll destroy dinner…
Don't like waiting in line? Neither do we
Extremely competitive coworker got tricked to waste her salary.
Want to bully me out of the apartment? That'll be $20,000.
How to get a whole freeway to participate in petty revenge
Why you shouldn't be bro's with your students
From One Relationship to Another
Rude Floater
Are you looking for something?
Bad and Petty Customer Service
Don't yell at the autistic cart pusher
Don't lie to store security
Dandelions, the gift that keeps on giving.
I need revenge
Be careful who you treat like shit...
Rude to your server? You get the bigger tab.
"Cheap" Vacation scam/spam phone call ends on a sour note
Silent bank revenge
Letting the police sort it out.
Asshole boss loses out on some money
Drug test revenge
Why I don't play video games anymore
As Petty as you can get.
THE pettiest revenge you'll read this year
My ex and my ex-friend broke up because of me.
Am I not fast enough? Fine I'll go the speed limit.
Throw an Almond? I'll sic a pack of coyotes on you.
Honk at me like where I have to go isn't important but where you meed to go is..
Apartment parking
Entitled subordinate must learn things the hard way
Phone Scammer Revenge
One of everything
Trash my car? Good luck finding a job.
Start yelling before I offer to pay the difference? Now you pay even more.
Second Worst Interview of My Life
A Hairy Situation
I said don't use my razor
Try to cut me off in merging? Enjoy everyone behind you coming around and getting in front of me.
Drive like an asshole... Why, two can play that game.
In which I make a customer scrabble for pennies
Snowboarding Revenge
I told you I don't want the warranty.
Taiwan Nightmarket Accidental RevengeTrying to cut me off in traffic? Get behind me while I drive really slow.
Park in my spot? I'll block you in...
manager demands exactitude, that's what he gets
How to give back a house to your landlord if you really, really dislike him...
Use your key
Don't want the T.V. on enjoy my conversation then
Don't try blackmail me
Have fun with your ruined reputation
Two can break the rules
Some fun for the community
Steal my friends drums? We’re gonna serve you court docs right before your band starts its next show
Don't go through my stuff.
I got fired from my job at a bar that has a nice fancy jukebox
What are the best ways to get revenge on someone with just their phone number?
Pushing my sister and I out of our parents wedding...
Be rude and I won't call you a taxi.
An epic story of a horrendous Mother in Law at a wedding.
Take my charger, Have fun cleaning this up
Well that's one way to get scared away...
Being a dick in the gym? You pay the price.
Bad internet
How's your milk?
F*** you, in Black and White
Not necessarily a story, but...
Out-pettying a terrible housemate.
Good luck selling them on
Welcome to the neighbourhood, stop being a jerk.
SBD to the rescue
I made money off my girlfriend cheating on me.
Want to not control your brats and scream at the librarian? Hope you like lost fees bitch
See what happens when you push me down in the dunk tank one too many times?
nothing usual. gf cheated on me while i was at work.
Try to scam people? I'll waste your time.
You were mean and rude after having asked for help, now your sins are laid bare before all
The Pretty Weeaboo
The Pretty Weeaboo
Girlfriend said she wants a break, sleeps with guy immediately.
Block the bike path for a group selfie? Enjoy being photobombed + scared out of your skin.
Not my petty revenge, but found this the other day.
I built it, I get the top shelf of the shoe rack!
You won't lift a finger to help me with housework? Enjoy the piles of lint.
I'm Not Paying
Give me disapproving looks? Here's some exhaust.
Cut in front of me in line? Enjoy backing out of your parking space.
Sorry I didn't find a ring.
"No good?"
Park in a handicapped spot? Enjoy getting out, jerk
Petty Revenge on an elaborate video game scam.
Don't steal my yoshi
Park in my driveway? Enjoy having all your tires deflated (with pictures) Dubai Edition!
Park in my driveway? Enjoy having all your tires deflated (with pictures) Dubai Edition!
Earwax jabbin CEO
Aunt wants me to live with my abusive dad so I locked her iPad
All over a video game account..
Golf club email spam? Get invited to a different type of swingers club. Slightly NSFW, long.
What will kill plants without being noticeable?
Make me run your business? Have fun getting bit.
Spam away +1 (702) 831-7800
now you'll know what it's like
Company vans
Don't do your chore? Fine, I'll just slowly kill your expensive vacuum
Trashy child, trashy mom, trashy yard!
Enjoy grading my exam
Be a jerk to me and I'll ruin your card deck
Fake Police Reports
Welcome to America, please use house keys.
Don't belittle someone's accomplishments in order to make yourself feel better.
A short tale about a household that doesn't follow the HOA rules, and my lust for petty revenge.
Wash your already clean car??
Try to rub something in, I will take away all satisfaction you try and get from it
Don't belittle someone's accomplishments in order to make yourself feel better...
The time I ruined my high school teachers career and got her fired in the greatest way possible.
Sometimes people are driving that way for a reason.
It's not good to steal tips
Not getting this spot bitch
Company Truck, Seriously?
Wife finds evidence that husband is cheating on her, and posts his text messages on his facebook account.
I should get some credit for “Mean Girls” because this bully got burned
I should get some credit for “Mean Girls” because this bully got burned
"Daddy, look at the fat guy you were talking about"
Don't Touch My Girlfriend's Underwear
Don't like my weed smoke? Enjoy my symphony of smells!
Don't warn me? I won't warn you.
Be a jerk to your grandparents? Get ready for some pettiness
Don't stock your bathroom? Sucks for you and me
Petty Parking Problems
I dropped a link and told him to not click on it.
Giving Smarmy Teach a taste of his own Meds
Thrust your vehicle into a crosswalk as I’m about to cross then slow to a stop right in my way and it looks like you want my parking spot.
I sent one of those spring loaded glitter "bombs" to someone I find entirely distasteful (xpost from /r/confessions)
Won't allow me to bid on my shift line? I'll tie up your phone line.
No such thing as free parking.
Thrust your vehicle into a crosswalk as I’m about to cross then slow to a stop right in my way and now you want my parking spot?
Insult My Lady Friend, Get Yo Junk Pushed In
Insult My Lady Friend, Get Yo Junk Pushed In
Park in the delivery bay like an A-Hole? hope you're not going anywhere in a hurry
Why are people only ever concerned when something happens to them...
Cheat on me then stalk/harass me? Listen to me bang someone else.
Cheat on me then harass me for dumping you? Listen to me bang someone else :)
Cheat on me then stalk/harass me for dumping you? Listen to me bang someone else.congrats, your favorite parking spot is now a bike rack
Ralph, Jesus did not have wheels....
Don't want to clean? Your missing sock stays missing
Mean person gets no boxes!
Steal money? There's a way to even it out.
The IRS comes a knockin'.
Turn About Is Fair Play
Push through a crowd to rush on to elevator? Enjoy Your ride.
Don't let the trapped cars merge into your lane? I'll block it and make you wait instead!
Fuck it now!
Baseball fun with MIL
HELP REDDIT GOT HACKED NEED REVENGE
Annoy My Dad, Get Embarrassed.
Don't want me to change your utilities? Go without!
Revenge so sweet
Joe's Brownie
The partner who did nothing (got deleted in pro revenge)
Label your jelly after using ALL our supplies? Hell no!
Steal my bag? I'll kick you and no one will believe you
Don't pay for a $20 CD, smash your Dad's $250 sunglasses.
How can I get any kind of revenge against 2 people I used to be friends with?
A present for my ex that will always have me with her :)
Complain about the trash can you also use? Get your own toilet paper.
Spam my phone number ? Your phising web site is dead !
There is a certain knob on r/newcastle...
Bump my cart in the check-out line and don't apologize or acknowledge? Have fun waiting!
She cheated on me so I transferred all her pokemon on PokemonGO.
Nmom made me rob some Catholics.
"Friend" is acting like a punk? Let's see if you want to be a punk now!
Don't want to make small talk because you don't want to fuck me? Take your pocketful of change.
Rude charge nurse doesn't realize who she's snubbing
Give me a not-apology, I'm going to be petty
Petty? Buy your own toilet paper next time
Help this family defend against and counter-sue their ultra-authoritarian, discriminatory, undemocratic and environmentally-destructive HOA!: https://www.gofundme.com/No-Mow-No-Water-Yard-vs-HOA-Lawsuit
Get Mad at Me When I Don't Do YOUR Dirty Work The Way You Want It? Fine, I'll Stop Being Nice and Coming In When It's Busy
A flight attendant was rude to me so I left my empty water bottle in the seat back pocket instead of throwing it out myself.
The Pretty Weeaboo
Girl gave me the "I'm pregnant" to get back with me
Don't like my music? Oops my phone just ran out of battery
Do Not Annoy Nerds.
Once Upon a Time, I Had a Tech-Illiterate Jerk Boss.
Blame me for the line in the parking garage?
Boys Will Be Boys, Cops Will Be Cops, and Dads Will Be Mad
Sister thought it was funny to kick me in the balls
Didn't tell us Grandpa's passing right away?
Jeeps are pretty thin vehicles and if you have the doors off, you don't need much room to get out.
Petty Traffic Revenge
My sister ate all my tortilla chips, so i'm throttling her wifi connection to 64kbps.
Treat me like a thief in my own home? Enjoy having nothing to eat with.
Make me cook for you and don't share? Taste this.
You only said the collar had to be black.....
French gay marriage petty revenge
Angry dick on my back door
Take her tip? You're an asshole. It's okay though because I'm an asshole too.
Take a girl's personal tips? You're an asshole. Good thing I'm one too.
The best revenge I've ever had over the internet.
French gay marriage petty revenge
312-463-9968 For a bad time
Mess with me? Hahaha that's funny...
French Gay marriage petty revenge
This just happened at Wal Mart. I was using the self check out minding my own business when a lady gets in line behind me but is standing really close to me. Instead of asking her to step back a give me a little space, I just crop dusted her. I know she had to smell it too. I smiled as I walked away
Steal food from the office? Enjoy!
I was told to post this story here.
Try to exploit the presence of emergency vehicle? Enjoy my agonizingly slow 15-point turn... and your shower
Cardio Parking
Middle school pride
Reverse Revenge?
Harassment leads to humiliation
Fuck to the ex-boyfriend who thinks he broke up with me.
I hate it when the gas pump doesn't print the receipt
IM NOT ON CALL
Cosplayer's Petty Revenge
Revenge against advertiser BS
Here have a Chocolate bar!
Someone took my parking spot
I love pissing her attorney off...is that a bad thing?
Bubble wrap vengence
Betcha you regret talking shit loudly, in the middle of work, about my entire department.
Bus driver was a real reason to be late too
Feel Slightly Less of My Love
Cut me off and honk at me in a Chick-Fil-A drive thru? Take my food!
Sign this email up for everything and anything
Unintentional revenge.
Brat messes with my food!
Refuse to deal with rats? Okay, Mr Landlord.
Honk and cut me off in a Chick-Fil-A drive thru?
I will piss you off by being a good student!
Need good revenge
Need revenge ideas for shitty neighbors
A**hole boss' secret porn addiction.
Teacher was a bitch, got my revenge
I noticed a man driving dangerously and then saw he had three small children in the backseat
Drunks wake me in a hotel - turnabout is fair play
Cut in front of me at the bar?
Don't be a racist, misogynistic jerk to the stranger at the call center
Next time the United Airlines CEO has a restaurant reservation, allow him to take his seat, then shortly thereafter tell him he must give up his table for restaurant employees and take a later reservation as he has been involuntarily bumped.
[NSFW] That time my friend's phone was swarmed with d*ck pics
That time my friend's phone was swarmed with dick pics
Keep my stuff again, I dare you
Don't piss off people who you need to do something for you!Student Loans Keep Me in Debt?
Don't Text and Drive
Chat my SO up, prepare to be played
Don't Pay Us for Our Work... Have fun explaining to customers and vendors...
My boyfriend wasn't helping me with the laundry
Keep my stuff again, I dare you
Make take a little walk.
Shaved the best for last
Live Revenge: Text my wife about sex? Masturbate to my balls
Never dump a Slytherin girl over text.
Keep waking me up all hours of the day? Time to play with the freezer
My crush turned me into a one night stand
Treat me mean and I'll cream in your conditioner
Co-worker trims his fingernails at work
My boss got a new job...
The Chicken McNasty Incident.
Loud talky food eaty subway slob gets what's comin'
Revenge at school
Snitches get stitches.
Spam the fuck out of this number!
Revenge is a Beach
Shower time!
OMG Did I just hear what I think I heard??
I'll just get a job at the rival fast food restaurant across the street.
I am a terrible person.
I waited two years for this petty revenge and it was AWESOME
A Golden Revenge
HELP!! Embarrassing card sent into school
In the end, all it is taking is a remote control to get some revenge. Pitiful!
Do Not Text and Drive
It's too bad you don't want to speak to me anymore
Entitled customer pays more than she bargained for
Customer felt entitled to a discount, lost more money than she thought she would
Fellow revengers of Reddit, I'm a breaking point, need some good old revenge advice.
Do Not Text and Drive
Support from the foreign country of Wisconsin
Work Me Like a Peon? Say Bye-Bye to Your Peonies.
Pa
Use my email to make a Panera Bread account. Enjoy a restless night.
Act presumptuous, incur unnecessary shipping charges
Racist wedding planner gets schooled by his own panties
Airsoft War
All you had to do was restart the router...
Ll
Stall at the supermarket checkout? You can line up again.
Act like a bitch? Lose $10.
Make me do a ton of extra work? I'll ruin your oatmeal.
Fuck you, that's my parking spot.
Cut in front of me in line? Sweet Justice!!!
Simply Shocking
Complain about me being 15 minutes late? I'll stop coming in early.
Had a bad day with Delta, so I drew a picture.
Don't want to pull your weight? That's fine, you won't need to now.
Wake me up coming back? Have fun sleeping with the lights on.
Sweet donut revenge
Alcohol and Addiction Rehab Services (NOT!)
Trump and the GOP want our data? Let them drown in it!
Trump and the GOP want our data? Let them drown in it!
Revenge on a snooping neighbor
Fighting bully by getting in his head
Cut me up at traffic lights, get a £60 bus lane fine.
Accuse me of not working my full 40, we'll see about that.
Enjoy having your literature taken away
Trump and the GOP want our data? Let them drown in it!
Taught a douchebag driver a valuable lesson
Should have just waited 2 seconds
Don't block me in
A Servers Petty Revenge Wet Dream
Cut me off? Increase your chances of a ticket!
Didnt think i was really going to buy a car? Youre not getting any commission
directed dick pics towards an uber driver who stood me up
Choose printing as your only job in the group project? Enjoy getting your ink and paper drained.
Manipulative cheating liar meets his match
Unintentional parking lot inconvenience
I refilled my friend's Coca Cola with Pepsi.
Overtake me and then slow me down? Well enjoy going the speed limit
No one wants your Jimmy
I can do this every day if you want
I always pick up after my dog
The best revenge is when the person actually does the work for you
Be mean to me at work? You won't get the nice meat
Ruin everyone else's game? See how you like it.
Need ideas for ebay scammer
No, I'm not backing out of this parking spot
Careful who you flip off (x-post r/truckers)
My entire flat made my ex-roommate look like a petty bitch
Brat messes with my food &gt;:[
I always pick up after my dog
Driving right on my arse at 45mph? Have fun doing 25. Accidental Revenge.
Try to use a shoulder to skip traffic? How about a 26 mile drive to the beach behind those you wronged.
Old cranky lady and the IT department
Efficient Revenge
You towed my car? Enjoy your "nap"
If my student loan company is getting 6.8% interest out of me, I'll be damned if I'm going to respond to their repeated requests to enroll in "paperless statements." The bastards can keep buying stamps.
Someone used my e-mail address to sign up for Discord. I logged in, and...
New Jersey mobster jailed after road-rage attack caught on video
Male cheerleaders and construction workers
That was a very important call!
Don't want to fix my ac? Then you can scrounge my garbage from the parking lots. And be fired.
Your Ill-Preparation Is Not My EmergencyFriend took a girl, I took his name
Fight me Rachel
Need petty passive-aggressive revenge tactics
Too lazy to turn the light off? I'll leave you in the dark.
My wife and her friends laughed at me because I was (am) clueless about fashion designers. COLD Revenge
Annoying lady with change
Call my company to bitch and complain about something out of our control? Get your summer vacation rental unit revoked.
You take my booking? Thanks for the free washing time.
I am a small man.
Wait a half hour to tell me what you want then get a simple af taco
Guy tries to block me in traffic, gets mirror adjusted.
Honk and ram my scooter on an empty road, hope you like tailgating my ass for eternity.
Dump A Customer on Me? Enjoy Your Disciplinary Meeting With Your TL
If you can't wait in line you don't get to go in at all.
Party without me? Enjoy my response
Be rude? Don't expect me to help you.
Leave your barking dog in the car, enjoy the sound of silence
Queue jumping ain't getting you anywhere lady
I have a coworker that doesn't like to help out
A girl tried to Scare me telling me "I Got AIDS" ended up having therapy.
The one time I was petty I ended up feeling guilty for years.
Tow my car for no reason? You've made an enemy.
Revenge Literally Burns
Try to screw over my brother's tennis match, get water dumped on you
Scare me, I'll scare you.
Petty revenge on a drink driver
Steal my turn at washing machine? Hope you enjoy the unexpected surprise.
Shitty day for my roommate
Honk your horn at me, get your car rammed by a grocery cart
Be a selfish ass? I'll make you get off yours.
Hope you found your peace
Drive Thru Crazy Lady
He dumped me via text, so I got my revenge!
Don't try to cheat on a friend of mine with me
Hope you liked getting dragged down stairs
Take your jizz shirt
Don't like my bees? Here, have some more.
I'll take a fucking sip, Gabe
Change my music? You'll learn to enjoy it.
Won't follow my directions? I'll let you look retarded
Constantly lie and always manufacture what I have said take a dose of your own medicine
And take your sign with you, ya freakin' bum!
I put bubble bath in the top tank of my ex's toilet.
Roommate Revenge, served warm
Want to show me what a badass you are? Here, have some Kiwi balls.
Not so fast...
Too much perfume? Well then your car is blocked in
Getting his money's worth
I can speak your language, but I don't want to
I've been applying for jobs
Princesszilla trying to take over my Birthday
Kept a phone scammer on the line for over an hour
Rude to me? Enjoy your correction
Pee on me, I pee on your things.
Try to put your mistakes on my name, take a month to cool down.
Don't Judge an Anesthesiologist by his Motorcycle
Bye Felicia!
Bye Felicia!!!
Mr. Sunshine
I'll be right there!
I should delete it
The time I violated the Geneva Convention
Hope you enjoy that milk!
Can God cock-block you? Did he block me?
Sometimes they do it themselves
You want to talk tough? Have some kiwi balls...
Oh you want me to hurry up? I'll do my best....
Loud and endless phone conversation in our Uber pool?
Another roommate who won't do the dishes
Shower in peace! NOT!!!
Silent Revenge on an Airplane
Noises
Hygiene not optional.
At the gas station, there was a desperate attempt at petty revenge. It backfired.
Being a prick? Say goodbye to your stupid notebook
Blame me for "not doing my job"? Fine. Then don't expect me to do YOUR job
Yapping dogs ALL night
Please, take us to court
You block my entry? I block your exit.
Ignore me while I plan our trip? Go alone!
Park like a d-bag? Feel my wrath!
Be an asshole to your ride to work? Have fun taking uber
Oh, so you DO want a mobile design for this site?
Looking for advice?
Thermostat time
Roommate's massive safe
You don't think I'll be needing that? You thought wrong.
Taking out 3 birds with one bird
Didn't want your receipt last time? Here's 17 this time!
I don't speak Spansh either.
I told them to clean up after themselves
Unsecured Wifi? Enjoy "Lockdown Mode"
The Girl Who Should Have Dropped
needs some love
Make fun of my YouTube channel, and my friend has something in store for you.
Make fun of my hobby and enjoy a detention.
Mess with your roommates? We'll mess with your addiction.
Guests at our apartment wait for residents to open the garage gate and sneak in behind them.
Keep your alarm clock blaring all day? Enjoy Narnia!
Moving in with friends is a bad idea, Part 2Now will you take your garbage out to the dumpster, DAWGS?
Taking down a tinder jerk
Ruin my chances at my dream job, will you? Please, let me return the favor.
Tyrant foster brother's life has taken a dive as he's grown up
Turn the thermostat to full and leave your windows open? Enjoy being locked out of your office all day.
Asshole at the Gym
Used bible verses on my priest next door to get him to shut the church dog up...
Sure, I can taste exactly what vintage this wine is
Tatto revenge
... so I just got back from the kitchen.
"Your car payment is uh.. need to pay it"
Bogart the jukebox with gangsta rap? I'll torture you with 80's music.
Talk shit to my face, good thing I'm multilingual.
All you had to do was call
I'm entitled to lean my chair back you know...
How to get revenge on 20+ kids.
I see you like to park like a ding-a-li ng. I'll post a picture of your offense on the Internet!
Lady Justice is a b*tch, or: Lawyers' revenge.
Act privileged in Chik-Fil-A? Wait a little longer to eat.
Baseball Revenge
A Bumper Riding Double Whammy
I let myself suffer just so she'll learn
They say living well is the best revenge...
Mock me while I'm working? I'll make you wait.
My neighbor insulted my GF's dress a few years ago so I've been pooping on various things on his property a couple times a week. (x-post /r/prorevenge)
Unreturned Favors? I Don't Think So.
Surprise, you're pregnant!
I can be louder
Track meet coach doesn't do his job properly, gets fired the next day.
Bushido: The Way of the (eBay) Warrior
Annoying neighbor​ gets damaged mailbox
Rude bus driver
Started with kindness, ended with revenge. (x-post from /r/Whatcouldgowrong)
List a house at 2536 sqft when it's actually 2188 sqft? Okay.
People in my area tailgate when they don't like how much stopping distance you have from the car in front of you. So I disproportionately extend my stopping distance and keep disproportionately increasing it the closer they get to me to piss them off. And it does piss them off.
Edit me out of a project? Now you don't have one.
Bully me and then expect homework help? That's not how things work hun.
I'm not good enough, eh? [Gay/NSFW]
How a machine got it's petty revenge on me.
Don't get in the way of me and my chicken nuggets
Run an awful online class? Let me tell you about every problem I encounter.
Be rude to your mom? Alright, then.
Why would you leave only 3 sheets of toilet paper?! Oh it is ON!
Why would you leave someone 3 sheets to toilet paper?! It is ON!
Can we get back to topic at hand, please?
Stinky Revenge
No good Samaritan for you
It's my second-to-last day in Subway hell
I'm an asshole and locked my housemate in the kitchen while I went to the pub.
Oops, looks like it was an electrical fire.
Roommate Throws Away My Food
Hostile towards me for no reason? I hope you don’t have a good weekend then, bitch
Act like a twat so I'll make it your shout.
Just a typical shitpost
Deliberately let a patient hit me? That's cool. (xpost from r/talesfrommedicine)
Hey, you've got piss on your face! (x-post /r/confessions)
Don't ever stand me up on a date
Hateful bumper stickers? Let me just fix those for you
Hog machines? I'll jump right in!!
Maid of Petty
Accidental Revenge
When you crit with petty revenge.
Fight Petty with Petty
Bussing off tables has its perks..
Newspaper bandit
Want to drive around spewing bigotry? Let's fix that
Where do I go for ideas? What sub? Rule one says I can't ask for advice here, so I'm not,but I'll give you a little backstory to help point me in the right direction.
Kermit is a pretty cool guy.
Shoot me while I'm tabbed out? Enjoy your time out.
Guy likes to use my email address for his junk mail.
Leave without me in the afternoon? Enjoy some petty passive-aggresiveness.
A Frozen Sock &amp; Some Soggy Crosswords
The second coming.
Blocking the hallway? Get stepped on
This is why you don't leave a computer with important documents unlocked and unattended.
Team mate jams my finger with dodgeball for agreeing he's out, got him back couple months later.
Fifth Grade Homework Saboteur
Make me squeeze past your inconsiderately parked taxi, will you?
I was trying to study.
Involve me in your break up with someone I haven't spoken to in months and never even girlfriended? I'm going to amuse myself.
She'll never know, but I feel vindicated.
No fury like that of a brother annoyed...
Overly obnoxious neighbors get a small taste of what we lived with for 18 months.
No, you don't get to hog an entire table to yourself in a crowded food court.
Makeup Shenanigans
I hope you like No Doubt
The Revenge
Stop talking so fast
Hide your toothbrush
Why didn't the psychic foresee this?
She cut me off and I honked at her. I won.
Sorry sir, we have a no re-entry policy.
This Car Makes Wide Right Turns
Embarrassed a movie theater phone user
He thought I wouldn't do anything
Don't bite the hand that feeds you.
School bully gets owned
You want your money back? Fine.
Please, tell me more about your Ferarri 308!
Roommate tried to start shit, I showed her some.You want to tailgate me?
Don't make me kick your chair again
You want to tailgate me?
High school revenge
You get porn spam! You get porn spam! You all get Porn spam!
Yes I want my whole house re-cabled.
Petty "accident". Oops!
If I have to wait, you have to wait.
Hope you enjoy your broken candy bar!
The power of the untold
Throw my clothes out of the wash? Enjoy wet clothes tomorrow morning
Car snob gets to hear the ugly truth.
Girl does not do here share of work on a joint project ...
You don't care i'm not going? Okay.
Take my headphones? Hear my wrath! Or.. like half of my wrath.
I got "revenge" on two former friends by playing a video game.
Just let me sleep!
I warned you!
Use the bar
Want to eat me eggs? Hope you like buying milk.
Have fun trying getting into your car!
Try to leave the store before people notice the poop your dog left on the floor? Nope!
Squat on the domain I want? I hope you like porn!
Revenge
Be nice to people you don't know.
Want to play on your cell phone through out the movie? You don't get to see the end of Logan!
Won't change the lock? How do you like being locked out?
Won't let me in? Why not a ticket instead?
This is Target, Not a Dog Park
Hired me just to fire me? Oops, I forgot the password to the main client list.
Don't worry, I'll demonstrate how a lock works!
I don't enjoy being overcharged for Internet
You're Not the Only One On Your Lunch. Enjoy Linkin Park.
Take my food? I'll take your door
No TP at the in-laws.
Dont wanna buy me dinner? Enjoy paying for your share...oh wait, fuckfuckfuck!!
It's a family affair.
Car crashed by partners housemate and she wont pay. What to do?
Bully your employees and my family? I'm a micro-manager's nightmare.
Cut me off, steal my parking spot making me nearly run into you and then bitch about me not being careful? Ill steal your keys, phones and wallet
Treat your roommates and best friend like human garbage? Have fun living with your aunt.
Treat your roommates and best friend like human garbage? Have fun living with auntie.
Parking Wars
Perfect stereotype of rude, entitled person cuts in line; waits a lot longer.
Supermarket Rewards Revenge
Target has ruined red shirts for everyone else
Have fun driving 3 hours!
Towel Trouble
Eat my cookie? Eat ALL the cookies.
Happy Vacationing!
Cheater + glitter = satisfaction.
Douche driver gets parking revenge
Biggest damn box I can find in my neighborhood
Unplanned Petty
You're going to get mad at me for calling you out about talking on the phone while driving? Fine. I'll play.
TSA Agent got revenge on me
Goggles
Brag about how good you are at a game? You cant play the character you want.
Don't let the door hit you. Or do...
Oh, please... I clean up after you two constantly.
Mess with my brother? Enjoy your slow drive home.
Are you serious?!?
The Pen is Mightier Than the Sword
Never text and drive, or I'll get you
Cheat on me while engaged? I'll exploit your phobias.
Umbrella revenge
This dude deserves it
Revenge is best served with an online Porn subscription
Where do I go to annoy the shit out of someone who fucked me over? (Their number below)
Don't let the door hit you. Or do...
Won't be considerate of me? I'm not the only person who's shit out of luck
Ignore your chores? Enjoy not having internet
Co-worker got a revenue camera ticket and I didn't bother to tell him he did not have to pay it.
I made a friend a pizza for free at my restaurant...
Enjoy your popcorn!
Highbeams.
Parking lot revenge
Make him pay
Hope you didn't need that mirror
Passcode
Boast about your fast car? Let the world know!
keep using my email address, I keep your prize!
Enjoy the extra 3 minutes added to your commute!
Heavy Lifting
High Expense for the Landlord
Take the parking space that i have been waiting on? enjoy some wolverine style scratches
Food for justice
Rude Customers Stink
Go back to work early then.
Dear HR, it's not my fault you're a dumb cunt.
Don't celebrate my favourite holiday? Say its 'just made up'.
Hope you can pick a lock...
Short but sweet.
Cut in front of me while walking? Cop a kick to the heel
Two can play this game.
SCHOOL PARKING.
Won't let your wife sit down? Hold some petty.
Make my life hell and eat my food? Prepare to get burned.
Let your dog terrorize me? Ok, fine.
Let your dog terrorize me? Ok fine.Let your dog terrorize me? I'll ruin ur mornings.
Proving that he knows how to change a toilet paper roll.
Enjoy the ride assholes
Leave your dog locked in a tiny crate in the cold, get woken up at 3 am.
Bus driver gets put to work.
Have some Petty Revenge- Canadian Style!
"Hurting my talk time"
Is it a sin to pray for someone to go to hell? Asking for a friend...
The Invisible "Man"
Just like the rule that you never screw with the people that handle your food, don't mess with a snow plow.
Don Johnson black teeth? You a red face
Leave 2 weeks of sh*t in my toilet, enjoy being cold.
Treat me like crap, I'll crap in your change room.
Gee, I hope I didn't scratch your car!
Call me lazy behind my back? Enjoy having your night DRAG by.
Serve me thousand island after I said not to? Have a good scare in return!
To entitled to park behind yellow lines.
Lift up my skirt in front of an audience? I'll leave you (almost) naked in a restaurant bathroom.
Dad gets back at army officer for being a douche
Wade needs to be punished
Lazy, entitled former coworker hasn't changed at all, which might have cost her a good career.
No parking turns into a real tizz including posting someone's number for hot sex.
Up late being loud and drunk? Enjoy your no-call no-show.
Liquor kept getting stolen at parties so I urinated in empty bottles and put them back in the fridge
An ex gf's bday and her underage man friend.
Don't try to kiss my wife unless you want to walk 3 miles and waste 2 hours
Be rude while I was trying to help you? Fail your class again.
Demanding condo owner cools his heels.
Talk shit, get fucked.
My father's revenge on a movie theater dick.
Don't make doing laundry harder than it has to be
Trainspotting manners
Almost hit my coworkers ? I hide ur stuff
Jailbird gets her cage cleaned out
Some guy used my email address to sign up for his gym...
She didn't want to be the very best.
I don't smoke that shit!!!
A 'Thank you' costs nothing
Getting back at a habitually petty roommate
Be impatient, enjoy the heavy lifting
Do I need to use my TL;DR?
"What's on your computer screen?"
Toss my paperwork? You'll miss yours too...
When I hear the term passive – aggressive, I always think of my wife.
Every time I see stickers for his band, I rip them off.
http://www.femininecollective.com/the-fencing-war/
Maybe He'll Learn Something
No that's okay. I didn't wanna get in my car anyway.
Manspreading? Enjoy your peaceful reading time.
One for the money
Fuck your rules, bus driver
Act my age? Fine, I'll act yours.
Don't talk at the Movies
Dads petty revenge on roommate
Post fake reviews to counterbalance my genuine review? War declared!
Office politics
I sure hope you like yellow.
CAR WRAP Advertising Scam
Don't order me around
Nurse is rude, I get revenge for my dad.
Give me the finger and I wont blur your face from the photo.
This calls for war.
Send me unwanted credit card offers? I'll make you waste money in postage.
That's not the instrument I wanted to play
My girlfriend's cooking
Do your damn dishes.
I have no idea how that got scratched.
Photo Fight
You want filtered water, don't be a bitch.
Internet sales reps on street harassing people, wanted somewhere to get changed.
Revenge on a waitress
How's the Leg?
Ride my bumper the whole way home? Okay, lets drive as slow as possible.
Don't steal chairs and this wouldn't have happened.
The pettiest of petty revenge, scrabble-style.
Won't let you wife sit down? You're now second place.
Double Eagle
My sister is petty
From my sister this morning
The taste of Petty Revenge
Pay me back, or else
Don't ghost on your best friend
Don't ghost on your best friend
Pick up after your dog
Guy in Class
caught him in a lie, need some advice
College Group Project Woes.. revenged.
Try to manipulate me &amp; talk shit? I'll catfish you &amp; learn your kinks
"Parent shaming? Have fun waiting for an audition that will never happen."
New Dr.
Steal our tips, get fired
Singled out my girlfriend's car, meanwhile this complex is full of asshole drivers?
That was the most satisfying sunrise I have ever seen.
Rude and aggressive recruiter loses commission
Helping a 7th grader treat his bronchitis
Revenge accomplished for cheater ex
Draw on my notebook and white out the chapter formulas? This means war.
Silence is Golden.
Try tricking me into spending more money? I hope that you like the shipping costs.
Just a little gem I found in a google reviews page....Eat my food? Hope you like my germs
Malicious prank war - NEED ADVICE -
operation not my president 2.0 :)
Karma's a... birch?
I'm not your scratching post
heh revenge is a dish best served stinky.
Tease me in front of everyone? Enjoy the rest of your activities!
Tease me in front of everyone? Enjoy the rest of your activities!
Final Petty on Cheating Boyfriend
Laundry Day is a Very Dangerous Day
Need Advice on if I should follow through with being this petty.
Gee, I hope I didn't scratch your car!
Use the bus lane in a traffic jam? Enjoy your ticket.
Misogynistic trump supporting Airbnb guest gets in my face about quiet hours, so I let him stay one more night and 2 minutes after quiet hours I begin
Inappropriate laundry etiquette
Badmouth me to your family? Enjoy my revenge.
Passive Aggressive Co-worker Bitches Behind Our Backs
Sure, I'll make sure your laundry gets done...
Double park in a packed hospital parking lot? I don't think so.
Down with your Karma!
Oops you failed your exam
So my roommates say I leave the lights on at night....
Dogs that bark don't bite.
ATTENTION!!! Cunt
I'm not finished yet
If you can't park a pickup truck, you shouldn't drive a pickup truck.
Sometimes I start fights online that I don't care about just so I can apologize and feel like the better man
I instigated some petty revenge between my bosses to my own benefit. Does that count?
No dogs allowed? Miss out on 150k.
If you think I should be the one to bind your report, I get to be the one to choose its cover.
I'm eating a danish
Work didn't let me have a break so I stole 3 pairs of socks as compensation
Dont want to control your brat? I'll have your car towed
Now he can spend time working on his "Jump to Conclusions" Mat.
"Are you stupid in the head?"
You forget your manners, I'll forget your groceries.
Please help
Don't let me have ADHD? I'll go full hyperactive during the final!
Use my towel? Go ahead as long as you wash it.
I got my roommate kicked out the shelter.
My ex broke into my house, so...
Okay mam, i'll transfer your call
Roommate taking my towel? As long as he washes it too.
Steal my spot in line? Get your coffee extra cold
Beat a company's "would you like fries with that" scheme
Consistently steal the beverage from my packed lunch? How about half beverage, half piss?
Whistle at my coworkers and I like animals? Whoops, where did your order go?
Dog did his business on my bed...
Asshole took up three spots
Clean sneaks
Tailgate in the rain? Prepare for the speed limit!
Refuse to be quiet? Fine. Shit is gonna go down.
Talk shit about me to your friend? Lose your weed abd your TV
I need help getting revenge on a cheater
Hide my shoes? Hide everything you own...
Turn off your brights.
If you're gonna be loud, I'll make you louder
The sidewalk is not for your cars
Pharmacy bitch has to wait.
We ain't moving!
Have fun getting fewer gifts than you expected
Not on my Windshield!
Refuse to take out the trash? Get your own trash can.
It's JUST a Snapstreak.
Leave your dishes around? Sure, i'll move them.
Pick on me all the time? Have fun with a lifetime phobia.
I dare you to click that mouse again.
Make a big fuss over nothing? Feel my revenge!
ASAP me? Try...IDIWIDGAR (I'll do it when I'm damn good and ready.)
Refuse to clean? No worries, I'll clean up after you... 😈
You wanna make fun of my education and ideas on reddit and use a 2nd account to undo my downvotes? It's ok. I'll report you for vote manipulation.
Shaaaame! Shaaaaaaaaaame!
Cut the line miss your turn
Revenge of the second grader
"I hope you won't continue talking throughout the movie."
Take our napkins? Suffer!
Turning the bike lane into a second car lane during rush hour? Let me make your life a little more difficult
Second grade revenge
[Repost] Animal abuse.
Someone forced my friend to spam people on Discord with the link to his chat or face a ban from something important to him.
Degraded my ex-wife
Nukes for a bully
Childhood school bus bully story
Douche bag alert!
[Short, mostly inconsequential] An impatient executive thought he owned the elevator and I denied him.
Bitter ex-housemate killed my vegetable patch.
The never ending circle of pettiness between man and beast.
What to do when you find a website using your video as their BG...
It's one thing not to tip, it's another to be proud about it
Kick my seat on the bus? Feel the pain, bitch.
Friend hid my shoes at work, covered his entire apartment and belongings in tinfoil.
The Yapping Poodle
Twice today in school.
Only tip .13 on a delivery? Good luck on not being even in your bank account.
Shaaaame! Shaaaaaaaaaame!
This might be a bit of a reach
Talk like your jacked up? Why don't I let you cause a backup.
Gym dickheads lose their protein shakes.
Getting revenge against a high school bully by using my unpopularity
Shut the door in my face? Have fun closing it AGAIN.Don't put your sh*t on top of my locker.
Driving like a jerk? Hope you don't mind being late.
So sorry you couldn't close early again.
Bitter old woman next door better like snow.
My bosses are obsessed with telling us to be quiet even though we sit in silence 99% of the time working. Because of this everything i say i say loudly.
Crosswalk revenge
It wasn't big and it wasn't clever, but it was kind of satisfying
Snuggle this
You waste my time and I'll waste yours.
Friend hid my shoes, I foiled his entire apartment while he was on vacation.
Make me run errands? I'll make sure you pay for them.
Bartender's petty revenge
I'm going to get you back for blasting your music at 4:30am EVERY morning
Fuck you bright house. Or spectrum or whatever.
Carny Revenge
Advice: neighbors throwing cigarette buts on my walkway.
You didn't want to wait your turn, so I'll make you wait longer
Reject me all you want, but don't come crawling back when you change your mind
Indirect Tweets?
No you may not take up any more space on the train.
You fucked my mum? I've already fucked yours!!
My ex's underage friend on her bday
Had to exact revenge for someone else today
Had to get revenge for someone else.
Had to get revenge for someone else today
Let Me In!
So you want to steal my tips, huh?
The Worst Instagram Hacker
If someone is a unnecessary douche on a thread, I'll go into their comments and posts and downvote everything I can find.
But the bill...
Keep the change!
You cheated on me? I'm going to blow up your house.
Consider it a trauma fee
I need petty revenge ideas to use against an asshole cashier
dude broke my best friends heart
Got laid off from job after 8 months I stuck company for thousands in relocation bonus after signing a lease to rent a room.
Rude to girlfriend, get pinkeye
An ex, a dance floor, and a fake ID
Coworker wouldn't let me purchase an item he wanted, well, he won't have it either
Facebook Marketplace Revenge
Don't help me move the couch? No lift for you.
Maybe you should wash YOUR car...
Give me worthless service? Enjoy your worthless tip!
Try to cut me off? Have fun without your left mirror.
Tried to get your laundry done in a hurry? Now it's not getting done at all.
It's a bus lady, you oughta let me sit down
My father might be the pettiest of them all.
I'm going to get back at you for those 4:30am music sessions.
Dishing Out Revenge
Screw my dnd character? Enjoy that new system name
A little effort is all I ask for
Be an ass hole? Have fun cleaning shit
Fake Craigslist reversal
Have it your way I won't filter!
Park too close at your own risk.
Blackmail me for a pot plant? Enjoy people coming over for your free stuff
Delusions of Grandeur? Let's test that out.
Pancake Revenge
You want to blast music at 4:30am EVERY DAY? Learn some manners!
Steal my dads hard-earned reward? Karma's a bitch
Cut in front of me, I'll have you wait while I go to the bathroom
Revenge ideas to pull on little sister?
Attack me in practice? You dont get the ball.
Froze my annoying roommates!
Paint my best friend in a bad light? Go crazy looking for the last piece.
Mistreat an elderly person doing their job? I know what to do....
My roommate was AWFUL. I got him evicted.
you don't always complete the backpack obstacle course
She always tells me not to use hers.
Ask me a question then cut me off? Revenge through reading.
Spoiled brat roommate, so I booted her car.
"An eye for an eye"
In a rush? How about now?
Be a completely condescending asshole to me, and then hand me your business card? I know what to do with that.
stinky surprise
Try to pull the wool over my eyes?
Be rude to me? Enjoy your wait. (x-post from /r/fatpeoplestories)
Park illegal, pay for dumping fees on your security deposit.
I'm involved in a neighbor feud right now. I love petty revenge
The guy sitting next to me on the plane was eating some seriously stinky beef jerky
I will make you so uncomfortable Stepfather hahaha
You should be nice if you want help
Canceled another customer's deli order without her knowing.
Got laid off for not being thorough with my work, yet they failed to mention something in my contract...
My landlord let us live in shit so I got her in DEEP shit.
Need revenge ideas
I hate my vegan roommates. Cue pouring dairy milk into their almond milk.
My landlord let us live in shit so I got her in DEEP shit.
"Please move your bags all the way up to the conveyer belt before stepping into the scanner"
90 dollars for a dog, good deal right?
In which I seek revenge for constantly getting woken up at 4:30am
Blast your music at 4:30am EVERY DAY? Let me teach you a lesson in manners.
Hope you enjoy your coffee!
I was actually impressed.
Help, I'm the victim of an office petty revenge master mind and I don't know what to do...
Undermine my mechanical ability? Enjoy not getting a new car.
Queen Entitled gets the seat she wanted
Film Festival Talkers
Steal from me? Be reminded of your dwindling life cycle.
You don't want to date me? Enjoy your wasted lifeI hope that snotty attitude keeps you company on the long hike.
Annoy me on my break? Choke on this!
Your 5 minute wait for 4 drinks is too long? Well too bad buddy
coworker talks smack, gets put in place
My name isn't "bud".
Make me stay at work late, have fun spending your new years covered in syrup
Leave without me? I'll leave without you.
Take my printer will you?
A woman let her dog shit on the airport floor. So I shit on her plans. [x-post from r/prorevenge]
That Will Teach You A Lesson
Telemarketer called several times and then hung up on me when I called back...
Today, I may have gone too far.
We can be passive aggressive too
Minor victory for this cyclist
I'm going to park my car in front of your house forever now just to piss you off.
Hodor, no more
Petty revenge FROM GOD
Lady Diana
I told you I don't want to drink......
Give me a bad tip? I'll show you..
Wake me up by cooking? Well, looks like you aren't eating...
Wanna keep blasting your music at 4:30am like an asshole? I'm going to teach you a lesson in manners
Keep me up all night? You can stay outside.
[Request] The apartment tenants below me are cunts
Wake me at 4:30am blasting your music every day? 2 can play at this game.
Keep waking me up at 5:30am?
Ignore us working? That's cool I'll be petty
Spoil a game I waiting 10 years for? I'll just delete your game file
Petty revenge is a dessert best served cold
Man grades ex-girlfriend's apology letter and sends it back
So Toetally Fed Up
Cut me off? Enjoy the next 30 miles stuck behind an 18-wheeler
My friend's sister ruins a dudes social life for hitting her car
I hope you like your chicken noodle broth.
My post was removed without being given a reason. Maybe the Mods would like to chime in?
MLB Hall of Famer Nap Lajoie gets revenge against the owner of a rival team over 50 cent admission price.
You wanna wake me up at 3:30am, all sorts of drunk, just to play video games and eat- have fun when I leave for work, my love.
[meta] let's call him Jack. let's call her Jill. let's call him Sam (because that's his name). let's call him S, and her, um, hmm, M.
Wife's Grampa exacts continuous revenge
My fiancée cheated on and broke up with me on valentine's day
Cut me off and almost cause an accident? Don't worry. Revenge is a dish best served with a side of fries.
Karma Visits a Rude Driver
Good luck seeing past my anti-landlord wall....
My high school best friend quietly gets revenge
Tailgate me? Go ahead.
Cold, heartless and soul sucking am I?
Upstairs neighbour plays loud music at night, mysteriously interupted by a power outage.
Tailgate me and another guy, honk the horn and act like a jackass...
The person who wanted to drive in front of me.
Heres to not getting fired, hopefully.....
Return to Sender
Try to scam me and get mad when I ignore you? Ok. Let's play.
Got asshats address what should i do?
That'll teach you to hold the goddamn elevator!
My work computer
Be inconsiderate? I will mildly inconvenience you.
Flaky Buyer Gets Flaked
Bully me!? I'll embarrass you in front of the whole class and get you detention!
Craigslist jerk gets what's coming to him.
Cut in front of me multiple times? Enjoy the flu.
Be a total dick to me throughout all of middle school? Enjoy your "tainted" yearbook!
Teacher 1 - Student 0
Someone wanted to humiliate me for something petty. I confessed to it and everyone agreed with my actions.
Urine trouble now
Karma's a birch
"Just fucking cut it"
Revenge is a... birch?
Karma's a... birch?
Karma's a... birch?
How my annoying upstairs neighbors went from annoying to hilarious!
Pleas help me be petty.
Make my life hell through a divorce &amp; bankruptcy? Enjoy paying back taxes
Got busted being petty to my husband, by my husband.
Underdog Class Theater Performance
Underdog class petty performance for professor
Deny Science, Intimidate Moi? Thou Shall Be Punished.
Underdog Class Petty Revenge on Prof
Not "geeky" enough for you eh? I hope you like hot piss.
Happy to inconvenience you, sir
Bow to me (petty fun in the army)
Co-workers and Junk food are the worst
Childish revenge for childish behavior.
The wonderful power of forwarding emails
Roommate pays in toiletpaper
THE FUNNIEST POST MATCH SHOW EVER! MUST WATCH!
Think you are better than everyone? Enjoy half of your paycheck.
Be rude to someone for no reason? I'll make sure you feel just a little bit uncomfortable every time I see you.
You'll have to wait
Keep me up all night? You can stay outside.
I was so FUCKING SICK of Pandoras constant pop ups and interruptions telling me to pay for their subscription that I downloaded Spotify and signed up for Premium. EAT SHIT PANDORA
Try to exclude me from an organization and generally be an ass? Enjoy my sabotage.
Try to T-Bone me off a bend when karting? I'll humiliate you in front of your wife and kid.
Showing off nudes of your girl are you? I'll make sure you enjoy the full consequences of that!
Screw You Roommate
Oh, you want to use my coffee maker?
don't pay me when i do your homework. fine.
Take up two parking spaces on a busy parking lot? Okay...
Reposted comment from another sub Reddit re: Worst Valentine's gift
Taking up two seats on the bus? Just let me get my sword...
Roommate Gets ItThe best revenge is a life well lived ~or~ Thanks for improving my car, asshole!
Lights out
Wiping the smug expression off a doctors face
Don't let me pick up my toothbrush? Sleep well!
Sign up for instagram with my email address? My account now
Turn the lights off on me....
Refuse to do your dishes? Enjoy moldy leftovers
How my father asserted dominance over his co-worker
You wanna honk at me for slowing down?
The petty recovery of an iPhone 5s from a cheating ex-girlfriend.
Fake fire me, Scott? No problem, I'll just turn the company phone off and act like I think I've lost my job.
Dump me per messenger and I'll guilt you
Rude mother gets owned
Netsend revenge
HOA conflict; EPIC resolution [OC] (x-post from r/funny)
Hotel neighbour
HOA conflict; EPIC resolution [OC] (x-post from /r/funny)
Abusive Ex-Son In Law
Valentine's day bacon revenge
I don't share those things (NSFW)
Stick it to a scam
A dude in a truck ran me off the road (I'm on a bicycle). I found him at the beer vendor.
Judgemental Taxi driver
Revenge on Credit Card Company
My ex-husband is a bigger idiot than I could've ever hope for.
That's Not First Class
Ex-friend revenge from two sides
Doesn't get more embarrassing than that asshole
Enjoy your sliced up genitals
Can you help me find the thieves that stole my iPhone?
Take more than a half hour to text back? Good luck getting a reply today.
Selfishly hog the TV for yourself? I'll force you to get off the couch to satisfy your OCD!
Don't fuck with the children.
Sorry I'd tip you but I have a migraine..
Getting petty w my ex husband
Guy accuses me TWICE of stealing his mug and gets his comeuppance.
Enjoy the blue balls! [NSFW]
Should I report this kid to the DEA for making me wait 6 hours to buy weed then trying to jump me?
Can't be bothered to down volume on your computer? Then I can't be bothered to tell you that email doesn't REALLY get you naked pictures of Anna Kournikova
Slutty College Dorm Mate Revenge
Lying brother
Make my job harder ? Say goodbye to your Tupperware and thermos.
Keep me from concentrating, I'll keep you in a panic
Almost cause an accident - I guess you'll think I'm following you
Revenge on the Church Thief
Idiot Friend
I ain't got no sleep cuz of y'all, y'all ain't get no sleep cuz of me.
Not my dog you say? Not my problem then.
Best Petty revenge ideas
Enjoy That Reclass
Grandpa wrecks dumb bikers
Don't Clean up after Dinner like you Promised?
8187144317
xpost from /r/nova - residents' action against HOA for removing doggy poop trash cans
Happened a few months ago
Be a condescending asshole? Have fun trying to open your bags.
This is a real letter from my HOA. Its currently stuck on my fridge with a magnet.
She's wheely mad at us!
Hog the bed? I got you, fam.
Make fun of a cashier with a speech impediment? Enjoy some extra time in line.
Make me wait to talk to you? I'll double the time it takes for you to talk to me.
Pee on the toilet seat? Enjoy drying yourself with your own pee.
How to get revenge on d-bags who harass my mother via phone calls
Enjoy driving a few extra miles every time you want to get into your safe deposit box and paying for it, bitch
Make me wait? I have a surprise for you when we walk!
Cancel our date plans last minute? Enjoy not seeing my puppy on snapchat anymore!
Accuse our arborists of vandalism? Not on my watch.
Her revenge became mine.
Feeling a bit salty
Bus revenge
Tease me about doing work instead of going out on Friday night? You underestimate me.
Lock me out of our room? Enjoy your stale chips
7th grade "Girlfriend" ended up being superficial, so i took all of her friends, is it sad i still laugh about it?
INnOCenT CUStoMer gEts BRUTALLY EXECUTED bY cAsHiEr
Ignore me and you shall be ignored (Drive thru)
Take my things and neglect my dogs? Ill just hide your truck.
You want to call me an asshole for telling the truth about fat people, yet your hypocritical and racist and sexist.
Talk shit, get shit.
Have a little butt-crack
Fluffy revenge
Petty revenge on a biased teacher
Poke fun at me while flapping, I'll stop your fun while you poke.
Another bad roommate story
Please Don't Bark in My Ear
Don't mess with my online accounts
Sure, I'll keep an eye out for your resume.
Sunday, Bloody Sunday
Be mean to me? I'll make your morning a little worse.
Update on cheating boyfriend
I need help getting revenge on a guy that thinks it's funny to piss in jeeps.
School District Improvement
this is more of a petty comeuppance but whatever
Personal space = pretty dumb
I stole a puzzle piece from a tenant (x-post from r/confession)
Wont throttle your 20 min download so i can skype my wife, enjoy your 5 hour download.
7th grade me: 1 Bully: 0
You wasted an hour of my time, Kev. Hope you enjoy all those late night calls.
Five miles of bad road...
Cheat on me? Have fun with your mail.
Mess with my tree? Enjoy your viewHomophobic teacher banned hugging for more than 30 seconds in an all-girls school so the entire student body acted like lesbians 24/7
Palm Trees are the devil -- my neighbour learns this first hand.
Refuse to clean? Fine. Enjoy not having anything to get dirty.
petty friends vs swastika girls
Douchy driver drives dangerously, gets pulled over.
Just witnessed some amazing petty revenge done by my 6 y.o son.
Be unreasonably bitchy just because you have to share? Have fun stressing over your lost phone.
Act Racist? I'll Expose All Your Insecurities
The guy at Michael's SWORE it was weed!
Asshole driver cuts me off trying to get to McDonalds, ends up not 'loving it'
P.S. Come at Me
My stupid asshole (ex) room mates and their stupid asshole blind dog. How I made 10 minute arguments last 30 minutes.
Move, Dammit, move!
because everybody loves some road justice
Someone told my boyfriend I was cheating on him when I wasn't.
Someone told my boyfriend I was cheating on him, when I didn't.
The 3 british scum on the back seats of the plane
Wake me up in the morning I will ruin your mid-day naps.
Fuck with my emotions? Ill fuck with your career.
Jealous ex was super petty and nasty so I got her twofold
Kindness ends in revenge
A parting gift to a nasty coworker.
My uncle’s good and bad housemates
Can't be polite? Nor can I.
Call me stupid over the box? Enjoy your "large" soda
Set Bots Against Me? I'll Run You $5,000.
Last parting gift to my old company
Hang up on me? I will just call you back.
A ten second delay pisses you off? Have another
My tech teacher is an asshole
Sticky fingers.
Sibling petty revenge had opposite effect
I’m done picking up your crap
Keep the change!
If you're rude and treat me like a slave, I will ruin your banquet...
Wanted to get petty revenge on an entitled mom at Walmart...but chickened out. Sorry for those of you looking for justice.
Years Investment
Snow help for you!
Squeeze me in for a massage, Texting
Returned items to my sister
I work in a daycare...
You have "places to be"? Not with that boarding pass you won't.
Oh, i ate it
Getting my sister and all of her friends into trouble... for something they didn't do.
Won't keep texting the wrong number? I'll make you change your number.
Dick me out of half of a month's rent? Enjoy your squeaky stairs and doors!
Please send dick pics to my trashy worthless ex
Palm your work off on me and you'll look like an idiot...literally
Don't put the jam in the pantry
Over the awol
Hypocrite co-worker about phone time (Strong Language)
Piss on my bed, will ya?
I smashed the bag of chips someone talked me into buying for them
Please don't tailgate!
Drive like an idiot, prepare to be flashed by Big Sean turn signals.
Revenge of the victim
Have fun eating with your hands
Snow help for you!
Friend's revenge on fly-by-night gym
No, I don't want your creepy $5 tip.
Shouldn't have taken my tea
I'm "tired" of your Craigslist ads
Exploding Juice
Humble pie served right
You want to push me? I'll push you right back
In which a jerk gets jerked around
He splashed me
You dare splash me?
Won't stop calling? I'll fix that.
I am watching one of the best petty revenges in my life slowly unfold
Turds for the turd.
Locked my account unless i paid for fradulent charges? Thats fine, i got a refund for every purchase i made to you.
Pettiest of revenge on Bully/Cousin... 25 years later!
Don't like the noise? Buckle up, old people.
Buddy of mine used to always turn off the internet at work to piss off our director.
Teaching an asshole customer a lesson
Hit my car and block my driveway? Enjoy my parking trap.
Start driving crazy? You get a bad ending.
Never fuck with an entire marching band
Stick to the status quo
Piss me off, get woken up 3 minutes early
$5 Graphing Calculator
At work we ask for emails at checkout. I ask a Sunday school teacher to spell her's out to which she responds, "Looks like we're in the second grade and can't spell." Okay, bitch. I remember your e-mail Bridgette with two t's, here's your daily dose of anal fisting and ass eating.
Revenge on my drunk friend with his sister
We ask for emails at work. I ask a second grade teacher to spell hers out to which she responds, "Looks like we're in second grade and can't spell." I remember your e-mail bitch, welcome to porn hub.
I make my roommate pay an extra $0.01 for rent
Don't want to pay your way? Get your own damn mail.
How I cost a Pepsi stealing asshole $80
Hard to see, hard to see
I'm blue.
Cold (or not) Revenge
Revenge on Roommate for stealing my sleep
How does my sandwich taste now asshole?
Enjoy Your Seat
Revenge on a lazy co-worker that took credit for my work
Sweet revenge on my girlfriend's ex
"Too busy" to take the kettle off the stove...? Really?
Don't be rude
Telemarketer calls my office phone about 7 times a day
Upstairs neighbor throws dog craps over balcony? Thats a paddlin!In eighth grade my friend left a half drank coke in my room and I made him throw it out when he came over three years later.
Embarrassed a customer, got congratulated for it.
Retired woman plays the long-game of petty revenge by planting trees that eventually grew to obstruct her neighbors' views.
Don't complain about noise that isn't there.
Sticking it to a Gym Douche
"Hurry up, I'm late"
Revenge via air freshener
Seriously dude, Learn your own email!!!
Father cheated on dying mother. Now he's being haunted.
Be rude miss the truck
Park on my lawn? Now you have to park all the way down the street!
Getting removed from a group email list I did not sign up for.
Nasty Suite-Mates
Cut me off and swear at me? You'll get u lock justice.
My in-laws opinions
Human fire hazards
Cheat on me? Your life WILL be difficult.
My humorous revenge on a persistent wrong number dialer: "Where's Rosie?"
Friend's boyfriend ruined our festival plans - so I got my own back in a fairly opportunistic but amusing way.
Stop The Butts
Lesbians delivered right to your doorstep!
Ruin my textbooks? I'll literally eat your lunch. (now with a x2 revenge bonus!!)
road justice
"If I see a firefighter, I'll punch him in the face!"
Well you can wait for two red lights, then.
Don't cut a bike off or i cut you off
Don't intrude on my space
Have a problem with my load? Have fun in a trickthat smells like a bad one.
LPT Pettyrevenge: when tailgated, use you wiper fluid spray thing, and watch happily how you forced tailgater to clean his window from the your car spit. Repeat until distance.
I gave them their mice back.
Boss me around and then bitch after I quit? I'll humiliate you in front of the company.
Getting revenge on coworkers who leave their dirty dishes in the break room.
There is an askreddit thread of pettiness if you need an extra shot of revenge stories today!
So I was strolling on AskReddit and found a thread...
Play loud music, lose your lunch.
Cake on the Windshield
"Must've been the neighborhood kids..."
Too impatient to let me bag my items at self checkout before you start sending yours down? Prepare for me to take 3x as long bagging everything.
Sick of those yet?
Petty roommates
Group project turned into group consequence
Bitchy cheating mum
Cause me extra work and we both stay late
Cut me off twice? Enjoy a cold drink!
What is Obama doing now?
FWB manipulated me for months, and I learned how petty I could be
I will use your forgetfulness against you.
Petty Revenge on my Ex-Girlfriends new Boyfriend.
You know that book you've been reading for months? Have fun not knowing how it ends.
Academia or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love Class Notes
I work for family that occasionally like to treat me like shit. Due to their belief they own me 24/7, when we argue while I'm working, I carry the fuck on billing for that hour.
Trolls needed
Thirsty?
The smallest petty revenge ever, at EB games today.
Kindness ends in revenge
Steal my food? Enjoy shitting yourself
Thanks for being such an awful lodger
Guy wouldn't give up extra chair for elderly customer(NSFW)
So, I just drank some Coronas
"Smokers are Murderers"...
KS me? Ok, lets see how you like corpse runs.
Melted keyboard
Accuse me of breaking your charger, will you?
Condo Washer Wait
Politics and students
Assume I look too young to be a homeowner? I'll have you wait 20 minutes before turning your service down
Mandatory survey to cancel my subscription?
What can I do with the phone number of my cheating ex-wife's new boyfriend?
Your company is nothing more than a phishing scam? Well I'm bored enough to screw with you on a Saturday morning.
Beware the drama from the Mama
The nerve...Trump bullying people on their physical attributes. I mean...look at him!
Blast your music at 4:30am? Enjoy mine.
Keep waking me up with your horn at 5:30am?
Bully me in school? Let's settle this on the football field!
Take our chairs, I'll make sure you don't get yours
My boyfriend put Petroleum Jelly in my boots. So I'm advertising him as a Roach breeder on Craigslist.
Ride my bumper after I try to be nice, have a nice wait.
Be rude to my staff, get hard muffins and soft hashbrowns
My boyfriend put petroleum jelly in my boots. So I'm advertising him as a Roach breeder on Craigslist.
Yes, Trump IS President, but...
Insult my family, better know how to ski
You wanna meet up? Well, too bad!
Don't send me lists I can't copy and paste.
My shitty Ex cheated on me with a friend of mine
Petty Persons of Reddit, will you help me exact my revenge? Yes or yes?
My dad took my phone because I quit being the human dishwasher ... so I played it sweet with a little revenge and metaphorically put a little sugar in his tank
Don't relieve me on time at work? Hope you enjoy sweating!
Ask me to go out of my way to deliver your boxes, then leave me out in the cold when you don't bother showing up? Don't be surprised when I stack them too high for you to reach.
Be rude to me on the phone? Let me transfer you to the wrong extension.
When a liberal marries a conservative, chaos ensues.
Hypocrite Mormon girl gives me a lecture so I bar her from doughnuts
I warned him you'll be sorry if you screw me over again.
Unfortunately, parental controls only do so much...
Delete me on Facebook?
Small revenge for an annoying vegetarian
Care too much and I'm going to push your buttons
Lady subtly asks for a seat in a rude manner. I embarrassed her.
Coworker sent me a long winded email complaining about nonsense so I really dug in.
Looking for movies taking place at the US/Mexican border (or similar desert environment) such as Breaking Bad and Sicario.
Think you're a good teacher, eh?I got your back bro!!
If you can't beat them, one up them.
The Definition Of Revenge
Not asking is the new norm
No bun for me, no seat for you
Petty As Fuck
On the dotted line
Today I got fed up with customers who talk on the phone while ordering their food from me
This petty revenge is brought to you by asshole drivers
Keep trying to pass me? Enjoy being trapped in traffic
Roommate threw my lufa in garbage after an argument. Does this mean war?
I have an opportunity to take my cheating ex's job, but I'll have to pass up a (probably) better opportunity.
Waste my time at work? I'll accidentally ruin your office supplies.
Wake me up streaming? Enjoy your lag
Crush a woman's car with all of her stuff in it because she didn't pay me.
Cutting in line? I don't think so!!
Endless Box Prank
Workmate takes my coffee, mate what, come on guy
Behave like a raging arsehole to people trying to help you? End up with an ugly bikini body.
Bully my Bullies!!
[meta] Submit a post to this subreddit? I'll judge you for using a formulaic title.
Fraudulently invoice us for products we never ordered? Watch your commission disappear.
Truck taking up 3 spots.
Enjoy wasting 30 minutes of time at my work? Enjoy driving 2 hours to the other side of the city for nothing!
Shout in my face about something that isn't my fault? Fine, enjoy your yearbook without you in it.
Who's first in line now? Me.
Treat my entire family like garbage? YOUR-IN for a surprise!
A fund raiser haggler gets put in their place.
You keep tracking mud into my work truck. Enjoy your new floor mat.
You like tracking mud into my work truck? Enjoy your new floor mat.
My partner's crazy abusive ex stomped on my foot. So I sent a glitter bomb,... to their workplace
Woman constantly criticized and berated me, treating me like her kid sister, so I exposed her mugshot
Inconvenience me for years? I'll make your morning annoying.
Go back on your word about a rental car? Enjoy the new bluetooth device name
Write mean things on my junior HS play crew shirt? I hope you like your bio paragraph on the next presentation's playbill. Also, sorry about misplacing your prop. You don't look THAT stupid without it.
A positively acidic response
Pirate Game Boy Advance games? No.
The neighbours are 'bugging' us, we'll bug them back
Tic tac revenge
Tailgate me in heavy fog. Go ahead.
Fuck up our marriage, I destroyed your new relationship.
GF and I split after 8 years.
The day I taught my 4th grade teacher that punishing the whole class didn't work.
Now everyone will know you're the ugly duckling
Cat Puke? No Sleep for You!
Other driver was a dick, so I screwed him out of a parking stop.
A customer was being racist so I transferred her to the Spanish department.
Spit sunflower seeds all over the floor? Get up and wait while I clean up every last one. (With bonus story)
Spit sunflower seeds on the floor? Get up and wait while I clean up every last one. (With bonus story)
Won't let me leave work on New Year's Eve? Hope you enjoy cleaning syrup stains out of your clothes
Turn off my SNES? I'll get your dad to kick your ass!
You think you're queen bee? Think again.
Be impatient when ordering on drive thru? Get delayed an extra 2 seconds.
Help me get revenge on a mean group
Rude guy gets karma
Treat me like an ableist liar, get stuck with one less tenant and a $750 cable bill.
Take my phone? I'll take your Internet access
+1 (909) 358-9214
Petty revenge on a petty revenger
Noisy neighbor = Embarrassed neighbor
Disrupt my sleep on a train? Prepare for a rude awakening.
I run a service where you can trigger/prank anyone anonymously by mail...
Don't follow traffic signs? Get (almost) rekt.
Booted everybody off the local Starbucks WiFi because my coffee was too hot.
good
Suggest I'm a criminal and treat me like a child? Fuck your ego.
Don't piss out somebody who knows how to 'net send'
Enjoy your cat alarm clock!
When someone who is rude to me says "Thanks" sarcastically/with attitude...
Jump the subway line? Enjoy a little discomfort, sucka
Line
Hit me with a belt? Get outed to your nephew!
A Mess For A Mess
You fire my wife, I'll take whats mine and yours.
Small revenge on my boss for talking at me.
Go ahead, steal my card
Go ahead, steal my cart
Dealing with mail order spam
Belittle me because of something beyond my control? Prepare for inconveniences even more!
Shut me out and take all the credit? You don't know what I'm capable of.
Don't park your car on the sidewalk
Racist Asshole treats me like dirt, gets scared out of her mind by a team of fake bodyguards
Drink my water, will you?!
Embarrass and harass me at work? I'll just let you destroy your career by trying to illegally fire me.
Kindness ends in revenge
Short but sweet, I think
Wedding heels
Talk down to me? I'll just end your career.
I will make any design you all want specially for r/pettyrevenge T Shirt
You rude to me, I irratatate you.
Corporate Email Revenge
Tailgate me on a 50? Careful...
Sure, I'll doing the washing up...
Petty Netflix revenge on my bitch of an ex
Inconsiderate teen with ball gets what's coming
I Already Can't See, Asshole
Don't tailgate me in a residential area
My roommates are horrible people (and vegans) so I poured normal milk into their almond milk
No Lights? Enjoy a ticket.
Light bulb shoppingDon't piss off my wife.
If you weren't so judgmental and ignorant, I wouldn't have to result to these measures, now would I?
Don't Bitch At Me Until You Have Reason To
You're too hot so everyone else has to be cold? This isn't even your house.
Trolled my 1.5 year old
Trolled my 1.5 year old
Don't park between the trailers!
Dirty the laundry room and you'll lose a buck
my revenge story
Get back to work
The definition of petty.
Don't leave your cart in the rain.
Showed my gf!
Start up a meth lab in the basement of my old wooden apartment building? GTFO (x-post from prorevenge)
If you're going to play with fire, don't wear flammable clothing.
Finally, an update: Success is my revenge and kindness is my weapon
Мy truе storу аbout sеx dating
Sure, you can have the sale price
Don't drink and drive thru.
That's what you get for driving like a jackass.
Considerate dog shit
The long revenge
Destroy this idiots phone with spam for being racist to me
Go ahead, make a spectacle of yourself. I won't stop you.
My Shit neighbor thinks she owns the parking lot
Stop stealing my sandwiches
Unfortunately, parental controls can only do so much
Catch me like a deer in the headlights? I'll make sure you have the spotlight!
Stop making me feel awkward while I take my food
Long line at the post office.
Catch me like a deer in the headlights? I'll make sure you're in the spotlight!
I hope you enjoy your new setup
Man Commits Ultimate Act Of Heroic Pettiness, Pays DMV 300,000 Pennies In Taxes
Speed Down the Frontage Road by MY Work to Try and Skip Traffic? I'll Make You Pay
Act like an asshole? I hope you're not in a hurry.
Revenge is sweet. (Swearing caution)
Two can play that game cat
Spread rumours about me; I'll make you look crazy...
If you want to get revenge on someone, we can help legally and hilariously...
Catch me like a deer in the headlights? I'll make sure you have the spotlight!
Tailgate me in the middle of the night...
Bamboozling scammers
Help me make my gf/ex gf jealous
Honk at me when I'm at a red light? I hope you like waiting even longer.
Sharing from r/PublicFreakout. This starts out with some petty revenge then turns ugly.
Whenever a family member gets arrested, I go on their mugshot and tag it "Handicap"
Tailgating Tosser
Tailgating Wanker
You want 6"? Sure, I'll give you 6".
The parking garage
A little tale from r/childfree: An entitled mom.
Absolutely Bonkers: Hot Sauce Loving Mad Lad Gets Torn to Shreds at His Own Game (xpost from madlads)
Bug in Your Ear
Caller ID
Tailgating Wanker
Why didn't you piss all your piss the first two times?
Make me out to be an ass?
Seconds of your time adds years to my life
Seconds of your time wasted adds years to my life
Eight ball corner pocket
Each day at work, the other two guys in my department and myself trade off picking the music.
Phone wars
What are they gunna do? Arrest me!
Neighbors decided to leave appliances in the yard for a month...
Revenge on irritating husband
Think you don't have to park like the rest of us? Hope you don't mind waiting.
Be a bad person, dig yourself or of the snow.
Room mate turning on the AC in winter
At wendys today.. my first attempt at being petty IRL
Rude Public Transportation Rider
Microwave hog
Rolls Royce woes
You better behave, kids!
Make me stay late so you can finish your conversation on Facebook? Good luck doing your job.
Japanese man stops speaking to his wife for 23 years because he's sulking over the attention she gives their children
Karma is quick around here
Don't be rude to those trying to help you
How do I legally seek vengeance on my neighbor?
I need the power of the internet's help on this one
Pettyrevenge goldmine (x-post from askreddit)
Steal my account, I'll send you spam.
Asshat takes up too much room on plane seat
Asshat takes up too much room on plane seat
The Commode Commentator
Band releases "Volume 1," bootleggers circulate stolen studio tracks as "Volume 2," band names second album as "Volume 3"
I'm simply a monster. (no regrets)
Upping the Ante
Upping the ante
Try to jack up your price last minute? I'll make you regret selling to me.
[Article] Schumer sends McConnell his letter back
Clean up after your dog.
Cut me off at airport departures- pay the price
Don't talk through the most exciting part of the National Championship
Good luck with your Baby....
[Article] Schumer sends McConnell his letter back
Not mine, Schumer sends McConnell his letter back
Stop talking so fast.
He likes to take the first bite out of a meal. I like my custard buns.
Shitty Step Brother and Apple Headphones
I am not a meal ticketWe've been robbed!!
Annoy me at work? I'll make you wait for your elevator.
Try to swindle me? I hope like perfume in your face.
Talk loudly during my son's music lesson about this afternoon's football game you don't want to be late for??
Slash my tyres because I park outside your house? We'll see about that.
Don't be rude to me; I'll make the rest of your in-game life miserable.
Shrimpin' ain't easy.
Obnoxiousness, thy name is Witch...
the puppy and the bandit
You want follower growth? Alright I'll report them.
Horrible coworker leaves their computer unlocked and important documents unattended
Here's something sparkling for your lackluster personality
Ram into my car, and bike away in heavy traffic? I'll just let Karma take over.
The Potato Enthusiast
Transfer me without warning? I'll program you an Excel nightmare
Transfer me without warning? I'll program you an Excel nightmare
On the receiving end of a crappy task (almost literally)
Upping the ante
Ants
Copy my tests answer? Chew with your mouth open? Suffer my petty revenge!
Sergeant Petty Reporting for Duty!
If you're blasting music loud enough to wake him up, he's gonna make you shut up.
Maybe if you were a better employee, I wouldn't have to remind you that your sex life sucks.
Wish my family was like this
Supreme arrogance
Waste my time after hours? I'll waste yours too.
Cheating girlfriend brought the petty out of me
Hotel Laundry: Keep me up late? I'll make you an insomniac.
TIL that TIL means "today I learned"
Ran off with that Amazon box i placed outside my door?
I dont appreciate being left on read
Melted keyboard
Ants .. The Rudy chronicles
Why did Billy have to break my metallic silver?
I had a dream, now I'm filled with anger
Server gave me attitude, fight for this tip
Cut off and chewed out
Special Delivery for my slob roommate!&lt;3
I want to publish bikini photos of my internet girlfriend at her school...
Petty revenge on thieving step sister.
My ex-fiancé
KISS THAT SWEET KARMA GOODBYE ASSHOLE.
Petty? Oh yes. Cost myself £50? Yup. Felt good? You betcha!
I told you to be quite but you didn't listen. Then you had to call me an A**hole.
Cheat on my friend once? Shame on you. Cheat twice? I'll tell everyone and ruin you.
Fine, ignore me
"What the hell am I supposed to buy with this?"
Won't let me get off first on my subway stop? Enjoy my lunch box!
Safety first, teamwork second.
To the immature kid in the game
Train Hunger Games
Roommate can't be bothered to put money towards electricity bill? No problem.
how to be as petty as possible in this situation?
The number 7048707742 continually calls saying they fucked my boyfriend. Will not leave me alone. Please mess with them.
Oops, I locked you out!
Make me choose between work and educarion? Have fun being understaffed!
Lazy housemate has to move her ass.
BUSTED
"Busted" or "A strongly worded email"
Hypocrite on sharing? Enjoy my PS3!
"No... Not right now."
I'm upset with my team today.
Leave your underwear in the bathroom prepare to brush your teeth with them.
Asshole at work takes revenge on himself.
Be a completely oblivious rude airplane passenger? I will obstruct your view
The pettiest of revenge
Oops, lost his number?
A helpful lady misspelled my name in an email...
Wake me up at 3 a.m. when I have a class at 8? Okay, I'll wake you up extra early on a day you don't have class!
Call the cops on me? Enjoy sleeping in your car
Scammers and I wasted some time together
Oops, missed a spot
Ask for a carryout and don't help me put your shit in your car, prepare for some deep penetration.
When the shoe salesman offered me Velcro shoes, I said, "Sure, why knot?"
Continuous gift card revenge over a lifetime.
I designed my sisters tattoo. It's the flying spaghetti monster. She has no idea.
Take over the living room? Enjoy your static cling!
Don't drive like a jerk
Please stop calling me.
Extreme frustration leads to egging/introspection
Waste my time. Ill waste yours too. Part 2.
Cut me off? Hope you like smoke.
Here's Your Not So Chocolate Milkshake
It's For Public Use :)
I don't get road rage, I get pavement petty
I made you quit your job bitch
Annoying old guy calls tech support and acts like an ass. He terminates the call but leaves the remote connection window open - I spend half an hour subtly moving his mouse around and report him to management for misuse of our service.
Mess with my EX :D
The upside-down fridge
staring at an airport
Got overcharged today on tax.
Movie Theater Antics
Learn to Drive Asshole
Annoying old guy calls tech support and acts like an ass. He terminates the call but leaves the remote connection window open - I spend half an hour subtly moving his mouse around and report him to management for misuse of our service.
Found on r/talesfromtechsupport: user is a condescending twat, but tech gets his revenge.
Husband has gone 20 YEARS without speaking to his wife since she upset him.
Beat up my stores merchandise? sorry, 10% restock fee.
No more Hulu for youlu.
Got Jumper cables??
Rude customer? Ok, I'll play.Bartending New Years Eve
The Metallic Thud Heard Round The Locker Room
Treat me like crap? I'll hand revenge to your worst enemy.
Annoy everyone you work with I will give it back
Dont want to control your brats? Ill call CPS
Throw my unis fresh from the dryer to the table to get wrinkled? Prepare for mild inconveniencing.
Revenge for a late delivery
The $1m cake
Justice for neighbor brat. :)
Revenge Is A Dish Best Served With Saliva
I just wished everyone in my snapchat contacts a happy new year apart from my ex.
Changing a coworker's behaviour
Judge me for how I'm dressed? Lose my business.
Verbally abuse a potential buyer? Rise and shine with your new wake up call.
Grandma doesn't like how I say grace. Oh I'll show her grace.
How the turntables... have...
Be a brat towards a stranger as a 12 year old? Get your day ruined.
Petty toilet paper revenge....on me
Steal my soda from the fridge? Just wait.
A guy doesn't want to be a good Samaritan so I payed another guy $20 to rub it in.
How do I get petty revenge against my psychotic neighbour?
Double revenge
The school won't do anything about your bullying, but they will do something about this...
She can't shower...
Reminding some bloke that his NAN IS dEAD!
Don't pay me back for vacation? Don't expect me to get you discount for your room.
That time I wrote an assignment for the whole class.
Reminding him that his NAN IS DEAD
Berate a Kind Employee? I'll Embarrass You in Front of Children.
Roommate Revenge
Move out day from living in a shack in the woods with a crappy landlord
Don't tattle on me..
Getting subtle revenge~
Death of a thousand network rules. aka "Why don't you ask IT for help with your game?"
My telekinetic middle finger
Laundry Revenge
Shitty landlord has a shower
Claim science isn't real? Have fun finding a new job.
That close? Now you look like a cheapskate.
In which my brother should have washed his own panties
Have fun sorting those.
My Friend Got What He Deserved
A dislocated finger and a broken car
Debbie Reynolds Hangover Revenge
Scam me out of my delicious flan cake? I'll make your life harder
I'm tired, don't lecture me.
It's the little things...
Queue cutting at the airport
IT woe's
Ruin my Christmas morning I'll ruin yours!
I turned my Asshole Roommate gay.
Don't leave your laundry unattended!
Summer school sucks huh?
Make me babysit your kid? No worries! I'll play music for them.
Revenge is best served cold.
Good luck getting into your roller skate, you tremendous cock arse
Treat me like i am not there and i will really not be there when you need me.
Have fun:)
Job Applicants Should Always Be Professional
Falsely accuse me of stealing your food and I'll actually steal your food
Gross Roommate Gets What She Deserves
Teacher wouldn't round up
How petty would this be?
Scam me out of $3? I'll delay your college graduation by an entire semester.
No reserving your place in line!!
8762757942, scam giveaway guy from Jamaica, please prank call this number for some instant revenge.
Filming his "bad" driving (Sorta long)
Hope you like E-Mail
Joe Montana vs. the Buffalo
This one goes out to the shitposters.
Payroll makes me lose out on holiday pay
Revenge from my dog
Need Help! Neighbors Noisy Problem
Need Help! Neighbors Noisy Problem
Shit I did to my roommate.
Revenge before switching Jobs
Next time don't plow your snow into my drive way.
A Petty Breakfast Tale....
Merry Christmas, You Filthy Animal
Merry Christmas, you ingrate...
Taking off the price tags? REMEMBER ME!
Teaching my little cousin a lesson.
Need Help! Neighbors Noisy Problem
Sometimes revenge is like barbecue; best when hot.
I hope you think about who you attack next time.. Or not
I was told the story of how my roommate's prank on my turned out belongs here.
I pissed all over my stepdads dress pants. Cross post from r/confessions (my own)
The Best Petty Revenge!
My pettiness against a Russian retail worker who followed too closely
Say bye to your pencil
Gift giving
I'm driving the full way, huh?
A revenge most accidental (and petty)
Who is next in line?
I left a note
Oh you're in a hurry? Sorry 'bout that. Time for me to buy lottery tickets!
Don't park like an asshole next time
School bus revenge
Want to be an asshole boss? Let's see you function without employees
Take my spot in line? Have fun in Spanish!Train your employees better
Oh, officer?
That'll teach you to shop so late
You hear the stories, now be a part of one...
Twofer!
Arœna
Got traction?
Shoulda found out...
Park in my paid for parking spot, will you?
Feetz don't fail me now
I just wanted a drink. (x-post from /r/TalesFromTheCustomer)
I'm the gentleman!
Keep loudly playing computer games in the wee hours of the morning? Oops, the internet stopped working
Enjoy your sleep deprived train trip
Oh no, dear. No cutting today.
Mouse food
Uranus
Yell at me and I'll make you yell more…
Drive way blocker
Boombox of Justice
The old man at the airport
That mute button doesn't work
Housemate who lives above me won't let me sleep. Guess he'll just wake up with me every morning.
Well, if it's going to be like that...
Freshman Roommate
A dozen feeder fish.
'Punish' us with 15 minutes of extra work, let's turn that into 6 hours.
I got sick of being bossed around...
Leaving without paying rent? Don't leave access to your cable account.
The Saga of the Bathroom Door Lock
Don't let the dogs out before you go to bed? Enjoy washing your sheets.
Most harmlessly petty thing I've ever done. Guess mispelling my name bothered me more than I thought
If you're going to cheat, make sure you have nothing to lose.
That'll teach you not to lie!
Bully me? Enjoy a face full of urine.
Happy Holidays from your brother
I believe you moved my stapler?
Boss went off on me; didn't report being late: gets written up
Sticking up for my best friend
Cut a biker off while you leave your wallet and phone on top of your car? Enjoy replacing your phone screen.
Put him out of business
Enjoy your lunch...
I get to tell my ex the guy she is dating isn't who she thinks he is
You be considerate and I'll be considerate!
Obnoxious Garage Neighbor
Ex-wife texted me to tell me she had gotten engaged.
Racist? Enjoy a Spanish bill
No gifts for terrible coworker
Where to post about a shitty employer (Quick Marketing Group) that is legal but effective
Double Revenge
Pay what you owe or no more free downloads for you
I tweeted her Sorority's ritual secrets
Terrible customer service
Leaving a shopping cart out in the road? Will that be cash or credit.
30 y/o men harassing 20 y/o me at work. Revenge is great.
Using my Spotify? Well then enjoy the music!
Handicap parking is for handicapped people you skank
Talk about me behind my back? You'll pay.
Revenge is a dish best served ... hot. And smoky.
Shoot me with a nail gun? You can say I didn't warn you!
Make me laggy? Enjoy the slowest internet ever!
Not contributing to the group's final project will make me 'forget' to put your name.
Smells in your office? Yes sir I'll get right on that!
Forced a reckless driver off the freeway.
Be an utter bitch to me? We'll see what happens.
Kid makes a big deal about dropping out of my alma mater, so i bought his domain name and redirected it to the school.
Don't like working with me? You get less shifts
A Little Christmas Revenge
You want me to do my job? Okay, I'll do just that.
I made you waste your time
Just because you're a landlord doesn't mean you can do anything.
Don't let me zipper merge? I hope you go blind
Crotchfruit being a brat so I buy all the cakepops and mombie has the audacity to ask me for one
Airport Rules
My landlord wants to show the unit I live in too often, so I have decided to take up naked yoga.
Small revenge on inconsiderate neighbor.
Cut in line? Get roasted.
Lawyer's petty revenge, part 3
Going to leave profane, nasty voicemails? You will reveal your true colors to everyone.
Double Revenge.
Run up and down the stairs over and over again, I'll stomp up and down them on purpose
I reported a KKK member for littering.
...bip,bip...
Wanna be a bitch to me? I can make this harder than it needs to be.
You can mess with me but don't include the parents!
I tried to be cool with him. But even that was too much. Now he will pay.
Christmas Revenge on a Cheap Ass Narcissist
Can't take exes strange ass behavior anymore.
Double Revenge
A picture is worth a thousand words
Petty revenge ft. neighbor's buzzer: the remix
Burrito Revenge
Stop signs exist for a reason
Take my friend? I'll take your memories.
Take my friend? I'll take your memories.
Ask me to make substantial changes in a limited time frame to my paper days after finals period is over? Enjoy a taste of your own medicine.
You stole my present, so I'll kick you out
Bladder control [x-post from /r/IDontWorkHereLady]
I moved my roommates spoons
Steal my Garfield comic? Revenge is coming.If you roll your eyes at me I will destroy you slowly
Manager won't help out, got to enjoy doing it all himself!
When life kicks you in the teeth, kick back with some housework
Double Revenge
Make fun of my last name? It'd be a shame if something were to happen to it...
Give me 'tude one more time doctors office receptionist!
Simple double petty revenge from tonight
Mute me? Fine! Minus one viewer for you!
I asked you nicely to park in front of your own house. Now you have no choice.
Peppa your anoose
Compulsive liar housemate
Twenty-something chick smarts off to me when I am trying to make sure my fellow passenger gets a snack, its dark on the plane so, I cannot see that the person is asleep.
Shit Neighbors get What's Coming
Shit Neighbor Gets
No, I haven't seen your hat around, sorry aboot that!
When your boyfriend doesn't pay attention to you.
Don't get in between me and the Drum Majors
Older does not make you wiser
Just because you're older does NOT make you wiser.
When being the class clown backfires.
Don't keep my curtain open.
Enjoy your dead battery
I made a women who grabbed me in anger, cry.
Waste my time? I'll waste your time.
Want your hat back?
To the guy that tailgated me.
Accuse me of theft? Ask me to spy on co-workers? Report other places to health dept? Then fire me and my friend? That's it!
Middle school petty revenge smells horrible.
Wanna talk to the boss? Sure, I'll go get him!
Group petty revenge we've probably all seen.
Don't make me stay late then talk shit on my boss.
School Drop off rudeness
Lesson: Don't be condescending to customers
Kick me out? Your new roommate gets to have a rude awakening.
Pretend and be someone you aren't. I'll waste two hours of your life.
Buddy gives my ticket to his new Girlfriend
We're closed..
I embarrassed a bad recruiter in front of his client and employer (with audio)
Don't wanna leave when the restaurant closes? I'll show you inconvenience!
The RC Kid
Upstairs neighbor did not see this one coming
I stopped my brothers cloths from washing today because he wouldn't turn down his music today.
Don't pick on the tech guys.
Yell at my nephew for no reason? Let the fun begin.
Double pretty revenge
Cop calling neighbor battle about noise.
I sent an email!
Victory for 2, have fun checking in your suitcase
KKK and the Mexican food truck
Flying doggie turds
Don't want to pa my friends and I for shoveling for you so you wouldn't have to? Have fun shoveling it yourself!
Steal my GF's love story? She'll conspire against you
Think you can mess with me? I'll get your laptop confiscated and wifi cut off
Don't speed near highway patrol
You cut me off and then get angry at ME?
I ruined my middle school bully's debate team for a year.
Twitter was bounced from Wednesday's meeting between tech executives and President-elect Donald Trump in retribution for refusing to allow an emoji version of the hashtag #CrookedHillary.
Buddy gives my sold-out ticket to his girlfriend
Customer is rude, proceeds to ask for a favor.
Local business owner uses personal Facebook to leave homophobic comments on friend of friend's post, gets what he deserves
Honk at me? I'll make you be nice.
Piss me off? Ill waste time in your morning
Embarrassed jerkoff Sams club cashier after he tried to make me look bad in front of other customers in line.
If you leave your cart in the road, I'll embarrass you in front of all six of your children.
Big guy tries to pick on little guy
The WORST Drummer EVER. Or not?
Petty revenge and a tax write off
Christmas is near and reminded me of a line cutter at the groceries last year
Email signature revenge
Seriously? You know what I mean.
Don't crowd me or I'll have to infect you.
I embarrass jerk customer in front of date, forcing him to eat crow.
Don't mess w me and my dad or I'll fuck ur future up
Jerk waiter embarrasses me in front of a date, is forced to eat crow.
Bring alcohol to school? I think not
To Give You Ideas: wherein I drive a thieving meth addict insane, temporarily
Thnx for the chips
Don't care what he thinks now.
Send an email to the whole company trying to get me in trouble? You will send an apology email--to everyone--before the end of the day.
[Request] How to get petty revenge on other redditors?
What did you learn about/find out way younger than usual?
How to deal with people who push in front of you in lines
Wet Balls to the Face
The most elaborate lie I ever told
Ex-friend blew up at me for not selling him a card fast enough, so I made sure he never gets to own a copy.
I'm not a fan of people coming into my home when I'm at work
Group Project Payback
Don't want to follow the rules of society? Let's go.
Oh-no-you-didn't, almost sucker my friend into your Gofundme scam!
Eat all my candy? Let me eat all your cookies
Rude to me? I will show you.
You want to ski in those? Then how about hiking mode?
I don't do any work? I'll show you work.
Big trucks don't require 4 parking spots.
Big trucks dont require 4 parking spacec
Doing some shady, lazy business? That's gonna cost ya...
Sit next to me on a nearly empty plane? Enjoy the back if my head.
He probably shouldn't have been an asshole if I'm the one who makes his food.
Make me laggy? Enjoy the slowest internet ever!
Yell at my family in public? I'll make you look like an ass.Can't move down one seat so a family can sit together? I'll let my manager know
Destroy something I own? Here you go.
Make me laggy? Enjoy the slowest internet ever!
Too lazy to put your shopping cart where it belongs? You get to wait while I do it for you.
Exploiting a friend's anxieties
The urinal trough
Cheat me outta prize money? I'll trick you into employing me.
My mother in law hates me so I'm framing pictures of myself to give her for Christmas.
Favoritism sucks
Revenge against a bigot
Facetious girl gets a big dose of karma-Maybe think twice before you try this
I stole a pen from my mom's CEO.
All the other dryers are empty...
You're waiting for someone and leaving in a few seconds? Well I'm blocking the driveway and not moving.
I was cold, not carjacking.
Bang your chair into mine, I'll return the favor and then some.
This is America. I can honk my horn whenever the f**k I want!
Thermostat Woes
Be an arrogant fan and pain in the ass? Walk home.
Be an arrogant fan and thief? Nope.
Don't want to stick to your word about sending information home, violating school policy and causing a student to be stuck in your shitty school? Fine, reprint the student handbook. All of them.
Wanna be a dick to the pizza guy in public? Have fun being shamed in front of your friends!
Our contract doesn't include desks and chairs? What does it include?
nope, you are not entitled to that parking spot.
Petty revenge at a very crowded Disneyland
V E N M O M E
All I wanted was a token of appreciation.
Inconveniencing a line cutter.
I wasn't taking any more shit that day
Petty Runs on Dunkin'-In which the cops and a Dumpster are involved...
Pushed himself out into traffic - for being a douchebag
Locked him out
Pepsi + lemon juice is a bad combination.
Petty revenge on HR for not following common courtesy.
Should I go through with my petty revenge.
Death by a thousand cuts
I pretend clap when bad co-workers are being acknowledged.
Wipe up shit with my nice towels will you?
#SingleAndFree
Truth or dare revenge
Being rude to your delivery man? Guess who's not getting their package
I am proud to have been involved in silent, petty cooperation.
Little sister accidentally knocked my burger out of my hand
Want to cut me in line? Nice try, be prepared next time.
Ruffles Revenge
Act like a douche. Get Rickrolled!
Don't want to turn stuff in? Fine. Enjoy not getting paid.
Never want to work a holiday? ok, we can work with that.
Wake me up at 2am? Enjoy Westworld in surround sound at 645am!
[long] There's no reason you shouldn't work hard even when you're being punished.
Just a little revenge in Overwatch
I called Jehovah Witnesses on an asshat
I have mastered the art of gracefully climbing through the passenger seat to get to the driver's seat because of jerks like these.
This douchebag coworker of mine parked in my spot this morning.
Should I tell them their lights are on? Nope.
Be a shit, get the ugliest crystal!
Charlie Horse Revenge
Charlie Horse Revenge
I just wanted to help set the mood...
Revenge from the back of a cop car
Guy cuts in front of me; I use local knowledge to get back in front
Very short and sweet story about this girl in drivers ed
Self-absorbed double parking asshole.
The only person allowed to make a mess with my toothpast is me
The only person allowed to make a mess with my toothpaste is me
UPDATE: Keep me up at night with your obnoxious attitude? Well that's fine, I'll just keep you up in the morning!
Don't leave your things in the hallway
You will respect me in my house
Ten years until sweet, sweet petty revenge...
Just your friendly neighborhood IT person doing her job.
Passive aggressive chef gets a master class in passive aggression
The Commodore and The Dishwasher
The web from below
College Roommate Dirty Dishes Revenge
Have a good one!
Leave me hanging? You'll pay for that.
Keep me up at night with your obnoxious attitude? Well that's fine, I'll just keep you up in the morning!
Keep me up at night. Miss your work alarm.
Four items fewer
1 Extra Minute
The Great Equalizer? More like the great e. colizer.
"Bag of Ice" isn't an answer to "How are you?"
Don't waste my time.
Touch my food? I'll get rid of yours!
You spam me? I'll spam even harder.
What time is it?
Honk At My Dad At Your Own Risk
Mess with my videos? I'll show you, asshole.
Absolutely brilliant petty revenge invented by a friend of mine.
Take his stuff, get stitched on dinner
Sticky hand revenge
Shit on what I love? I'll plague you with it for the rest of our year.
Don't want to take my advice, there goes $2000 on a $5000 car.
Throw my food away?
Just because it's different doesn't mean it's wrong...
Getting Shit Group Project Members to Destroy Their Own Grade.
When your complaints don't make a difference.
Thinking of you for the holidays
Move in with your rebound as I'm moving out? Fine I'll leave a present for her.
Crotchfruit is being a brat, I buy the last 3 cake pops, mombie as the audacity to ask me for oneDon't park in my spot daily and walk through my yard to the bus stop, lady.
Have fun with your moist ass cheeks.
When your ~vote~ bitching doesn't make a difference.
Take a while to go on green, get a ticket
Lowered His Rating
Monopolize the dryer? Have fun waiting 4 hours!
Prepay pump pettiness
Slumlady
Ding dong ditch revenge
My brother's cat clawed me and drew my blood, so I spit on it.
Ruined hook-up
Don't mess with the IT Guy
Junk In The Trunk
uber driver behaved like a taxi
Be nice to the friend with the Wi-Fi hotspot
Don't threaten people over the internet
Shitty Shiela at Busy Call Center now gets extra calls &amp; mystery voicemails
Don't want to work today? Too bad you just made this line of customers for yourself.
Blame me for you not getting ready on time? Get ready to be late for the rest of the week!
I'd pay a million dollars to have the person who hacked me forced to read this confession.
The Toilet Paper Revolution
"think of that next time you belittle someone at their workplace"
Racist dick gets inconvenienced...
Petty revenge on a cat
We grew up, but I'll NEVER FORGET.
My boss asked me if I was willing to support him in firing a guy for insulting the owners behind their backs (the same guy who gave me a really hard time in the past). What would you do in my position? (
Excuse me you pushed in.
The Keys to Revenge
An eye for an eye.
If I'm running late, you're gonna be late too.
Be rude, you can wait a little longer in line
Ruin my paint job with tantrums? Have fun doing extra work.
Borrow my pen, you'll learn not to bite it.
A minor fender-bender with a majorly racist dinglefuck
Inconsiderate hotel guests earned themselves an awful morning
Don't screw over the custodian doing you a favor
I just wanted to help them set the mood
Don't drink the Hennessy
Don't piss off an international Judo competitor...
I was walking behind a girl at night and she was giving me " i am scared of you because you look like an ugly rapist" look. I walked in front of her and called 911, saying " i think there is a girl following me"
Revenge on A book thief!
My Traffic Jam Hero
Petty revenge within petty revenge. Petty revenge-ception
Car radios and car alarms
Try to fuck my girlfriend? I'll fuck up your drum set.
Slushy road revenge.
The Stolen Pen Saga
Men who escaped domestic abuse: what stereotypes did you have to overcome?
Safety first!
Take my stationery enjoy the extra that comes with it.
Don't block the path
Knock loudly/insistently while I'm using the single-stall bathroom? I'll just take my time then.
Lock the door!
Bathroom Revenge
A Story From the 1950s.
MMO revenge
Stomp of the boots
Don't run in front of moving vehicles
MMO revenge
Tailgater
Don't try to cut in the drive-thru line
Start drama? Watch this.
Cut off by sweary motorist who forgot his things on the roof of his car. (x-post /r/roadcam)
Horrible roommates, what can I do? (New user, first post)
Gas station inconvenience
Drive like a jerk and splatter me with wiper fluid? Enjoy getting it back.
Mary, Mary, quite contrary...
Refusing to talk
Mooch
Guy almost ran me over...
Extra Nuggets
Extra Nuggets
Hope you look like a clown!
Using left 2 lanes to talk
A Tea Sipping Petty Revenge on my ex-roommate
Pay attention or it'll cost ya
Got a kid permanently banned on a Minecraft server for annoying me.
Vegan food
Customer calls me a "f*cking smartass" due to his own mistake, I get my revenge in the bathrooms.
Hotel Revenge
Petty revenge I've been doing since I started driving.
There was nothing wrong with his car...
Be stuck on ground level all day.
Mess with my Interview, I cut you off from your gf.
Showing the lot porter who's boss
Gas station inconvenience
Revenge on a screaming prankster
So this happened on my way home from work...
A Commando Connection
Got a kid permanently banned for annoying me in a Minecraft server.
Don't take my parking spot a-hole.
Low baller epidemic
Get petty revenge on someone in your office by sending them 3 dick picks a day
Don't want to stop at a stop sign? Enjoy a visit from your supervisor
International House of Petty Revenge
X-post from a comment I made on [/r/AskReddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/5ewcpo/retail_workers_of_reddit_whats_your_black_friday/) Hope you enjoy.
Why you gotta be so aggressive?
Reject me because I'm not a rich kid? Enjoy your shitty concerts.
Extremely Petty Revenge on My Dog
Don't step on my shoesFor those pesky tailgaters, I've become accustomed to giving my windows a quick wash and in turn giving them a little dirty windshield fluid.
Guy tried to take my friends spot at a concert. I traded spots wen my friend got back and stood in front of him the rest of the show.
The best unintentional revenge.
Theft and coupon fraud, I will slay you with fake kindness and throw away your coupons.
Tree sticker revenge
Douchebag Ex is harassing my little sister so here is his phone number✌️
Be a crummy neighbour? Enjoy the 'free' internet I give you.
Is there a place for petty complaints? (Think Curb Your Enthusiasm)
ArmorAll fixed all
Scowling lady Costco revenge
Revenge-ish on POS dog stealer.
Petty revenge in Munchkin
Petty revenge in Munchkin
Fuck loudly until 8am consistently = Have fun listening to my music until 8am every time
I'm a loader so I can screw him over more than he can screw me over
My partner locked me out of my room...
Disgruntled ex shaming my business publically
Be a dick to me in college. I blow up your future.
Don't know if this is the right place
I only wish there were more people to see it: Turn your neck when you change lanes.
My sister was being mean and just plain horrible
If you wake me up, you're sleeping hungry
Put video of my yard on FB? Enjoy the leaves
The Keys to Revenge
Accuse Me Of Stealing, I Stay Silent
Oh you like having ALL the pokemon gyms in the area? OK, have fun taking them all back from me and having me fuck up your sightings
Narrow street, two cars meet going towards each other.
About as petty as it gets...
They called so much that I decided to register to vote.
Don't ask bitchy questions all day then ask for my recipe.
Tailgate and honk on a single lane street, how'd that work out for you?
[Request] How to get back at loud upstairs neighbors
Tell me it doesn't matter, enjoy losing every card game we play.
You must have been really busy to hang up on me...
Do I or Don't I ruin her Thanksgiving??
My dad wanted me to kill him... fuck you
Dude parked like an idiot
Enjoy your road rage "justice?" I hope you enjoy your recruitment calls!
Don't fuck with the person who can control the flow of your money
Security guard ripped up my painting
Sometimes revenge is best served with a smile
Action Dan here, chase off my lady friend, I'll make your wife think youre gay.
Co worker stole my money, she got what she deserved.
High Beam Me. Enjoy going slow.
Petty revenge with a touch of malicious compliance.
The Teenager and the McBitch
Pettiness for the long-haul
I hold the key to the power in the house.
I hold the key to the power in this house.
If you eat my food, lock me in the basement and actively fuck with my shelf space, you'll never have electricity again.
For our Security Purposes
Toddler Boyfriend
Teen housemate knowingly cheating with a middle-aged man in my house? How about some hardcore gay porn to set the mood?
Lazy snowflake was making other employees miserable until the upper management found something
Throw me off a chair after I hurt my ankle, I'll make you cry
Noisy students vs. my mother
Feel free to text these people
My barber gets petty revenge on his boyfriend for not bringing him a coffee
I hope you're in a hurry!
Send a "fuck you" letter or a free "fuck you" email
Make fun of my Giants gear, get Giants symbols on your replacement parts.
Moving company stole all of our possessions
Help us GET revenge
Don't steal my weed
A manager decided to snap at me? Enjoy doing the same thing over again...
My lemonade
ASL and an asshole
Save 20 seconds by inconveniencing me = I will waste 5 minutes of your time
No cookie for me? No cookies for you.
Don't Know Where Your Trash Goes?
Bullying teacher exposed by downtrodden student
I hate your pubes
I didn't just embarrass you this time
Night owl neighbor is disrespectful, blast him back with some early morning tunes
Slam the dor in my face? good luck getting to your locker.
Try and take a picture of me sleeping? I'll call you out in your own language
50% off does not mean you can stash merchandise.
Park in the employee only section and make me late for work? Have fun worrying about your car
Little brother revenge
Asshole driver on my commute
Don't steal from me
Lаnd а ріrаtе іn јаіl
You called me a child, so I made you fall asleep at your desk
My roommate let his friend have sex in my bed while I was on away vacation.
I hate Chipped Nail Polish and She was a Bitch
Wrongly belittle me behind my back? Enjoy my revenge!
It's the little things.
They pissed me off,then allowed a situation to develop where I'm in charge of making the coffee.
Oh, so you've been eating my dinner for the past week huh? Have fun shitting your guts out for the next few days.
Drive like an ass? Enjoy your hefty ticket
Don't be an asshole to Fast Food workers
She wouldn't stop being a bitch so I glued her work locker shut.
Need revenge ideas for my psycho roommate
Going to harass me through text? I hope you enjoy gay porn
Piss me off, say goodbye to your pennies!
Girl was a tease and tried to fuck all my friends
I didn't get sleep 'cause of them, they don't get any either
I ducking love karma
Comment on your code they said!
What can I do with my enemies phone #?Pretty Petty ID situation
A little nutty revenge
Claim I lied about missing an exam? Enjoy your duck hat.
Sweet (and salty) Revenge
I got one of those call this number fake virus ads, my current record is keeping them on the line for 8 min
Complain about my attendance? Two can play that game.
Slaughterhouse 5 revenge
No smokes for you!
Tailgate me and I will make sure to delay you as long as I can
Revenge at its finest. (Kind of)
Keep pushing your work to my department? Enjoy doing way more work than you have to do!
Want to treat the world like your personal sidewalk? Enjoy being dripping wet.
Littering has consequences
My SO's boss hates me for NO reason.
I'm sick of my housemate using my shower.
You don't mess with family.
Treat a vet like crap, enjoy missing lunch!
Make me exercise harder, pay extra money.
Parking lot fun
Want to drive right up my rear whilst speeding? THEN try and undertake? I'm going to make your journey longer!
Sorry, the cookies are gone
Double the pettiness, double the fun!
Don't Pass Traffic In The Shoulder
Kitty's Revenge
Set up right next to me and my date with 3 kids when the whole restaurant's empty? Enjoy their pertussis.
Squeeze past my kid? You'll have to squeeze past me.
Two can play at this game, you shopping-cart-leaving disgrace to society.
You hit my car
My Petty Revenge on a Playboy Musician
Did you just hit my car?
Goat flavored revenge on a disgusting roommate
Spoon with Me
Just Say Thank You
You wanna fight with my cat? Have some water!
Store express lane cheater gets delayed a lot
Teacher, Sarah is using her phone!
Respect My Parking Spot
Got my Alt-Right Father-In-Law
Never cut in line...
The Serial Borrower Wouldn't Pay Up
20,000+ people have donated to Planned Parenthood in the name of Mike Pence
It's a shame, isn't it?
Won't walk 10 feet to put away your shopping cart? Prepare to be shamed.
Is that your car?
Check your attitude
BMW driver acts like he's going to hit me
Guy was rude to the guy that orders the beer.
Advice.
You're on a tight schedule, are you?
Hotel pranks
Glaring at pretentious gym bros
no laundry for you
Revenge is a dish best served as cold cuts.
Steal our sex toy, now you can clean your room.
If you act like a jerk I will smash your candy bar.
If you act like a jerk I will smack your candy bar
The pizza box is trash; not a makeshift pizza pan
Make me pay the fee for both of us? You'll pay in the end.
There are so many people complaining about how bs auto correct is, haven't they ever considered turning auto correct off?
Get Ready to be Splashed
Paperclip Phobia
My dog is better at this than I am
(Lesson) Plan This, BITCH!
Don't pay for your food? Get out then
Please do not wipe the party.
Email newsletter revenge
I have this friend that enjoys spoiling movies and TV shows for me. (No spoilers)
Parking Wars
Old guy tries his hand at Pavlovian conditioning, learns about the beautiful art of selective memory
Curse at my crew, no soup for you!
Penmanship
Every time you honk, you make one driver happy
an anorexic revenge
Marketing Firm "doesn't need" a full time Web Developer
Hoard all the weights? Extra exercise for you.
My husband is still in bed
So, so petty, but it's enough
Watch where you swim
Recess soda thief
How bad can I be?
Itty bitty me is tired of having my sandcastles destroyed. Don't fuck with me.
Drone used to catch cheating wife
Get the fuck out of the way!!
A fuckboy stood me up just after my dog died. Petty revenge ensued.
Getting back at that person who doesn't respect anyone but themselves
That family member who doesn't care about anyone but themselves...
I need help!
i want to do something petty and i need your help
Retail revenge, craft store style
Went in for dry skin on my hand not my...
It Costs to Be Stupid and Rude
Chattahoochee
Yeah lady, my pitbull is soooooo vicious
You don't deserve Bluetooth audio
Do NOT leave trash on my bus.
"Why don't I get heat??"
Unique, harmless scare on the road for a douchy dad
The twice-stolen pen
Scored a free parking spot...forever
Want to curse at me profusely when I take your call? Have fun getting more pissed.Old Van
Road rage or petty revenge?
Oscar Meyer weiner
Don't pass traffic in the shoulder
Honk at me? I'll honk at you.
Don't mess with the pregnant lady.
Old man gets smelly justice
Don't try and pass traffic in the shoulder...
It's small but it's mine
How I got back at my landlord for cheating me out of my damage deposit
Bump me to the back of the line? I'll bump your door!
Art class limitations broken
I ruined a ruiner of results, accidental but karmic!
Smoked Ass
What is the best fanbase?
What is undoubtedly the worst possible thing a parent can do. May I burn in hell.
Too lazy to stand up? My dad will make sure you can't see the rest of the time.
Yield to emergency vehicles. Or not.
I'm a salty guy
Want fries with that?
*Poopourri*
*Wink*
Respect your employees.
Driving like an asshole is one thing, but this was too far
A formative moment of my childhood.
Jack Sparrow.
Racist Old Lady Learns About Karma
Here, Have a Diet Coke
It's Tricky, isn't it Greg?
Fuckboy gets a taste of his own medicine
Sorry, that's not MY job!
In which I am the intermediary of someone else's revenge and get a free cookie
Don't tailgate me while I'm speeding, that's how accidents happen.
That's why you don't drink on the job.
Don't sit in my chair.
My Dad got Petty Revenge on ME
This happens often.
Pro level revenge on men who harass/catcall women.
Bananas.
Pink, red's sorry and weak cousin...
Turned the gym TV channel to "The Third Reich" on history channel
I should never taunt friends.
Don't piss off the sales assistants.
The sweatiest of revenges.
Wasting his time
Hell, I don't know. You title it.
Bad Memory
Oh, so you think I'm a witch who's going to hell, do you?
Silencing a bar in Mozambique
Don't waste my time when I'm tired
My dog is better at petty revenge than I am
Shut it you entitled loon
help me get revenge
Parking lot douche.
No goodbyes allowed
Make me put away your groceries? no spoon for you!
Rude Chinese restaurant employee
Enjoy the tip Mr Taxi Driver
Petty Nudging on the Train
Leave me to move your stuff out for you? Hope you like unpacking.
FIFA Revenge
Don't steal from me.
Ideas
Planes, iPads and Noise-Cancelling Headphones
Planes, iPads and Noise-Cancelling Headphones
I tried to be nice but you keep spamming my phone
Eat my food, I'll spike my brownies.
she didn't invite me to her birthday party, i stole something from her and then didn't do anything with it/threw it away
Sand Castles.
Well, you thought locking my stuff away was funny. Why aren't you laughing now.
I lost a bet on the election, but what i did next was priceless
Neighbor's kids pick on my daughter
Yesterday's PARKING revenge story (somewhat unique)
Deprive my boyfriend of his child, eh? We'll see...
Guy made fun of me at a dinner, became president.
Be mean to my coworkers &amp; I'll mess up your coffee
The Pettiest Dandelion
My Grandma is a sweet old lady, until you mess with her family.
Mountain Parking Wars
Lost my vote
Kids wanted to fight me for some bull**** so I sent them to the police station.
Ignore me at the register? Enjoy an entire shift of awkward sexual tension.
Ugh, they made me do it...
Company rejected me for a post that I thought I was gonna get, is it petty for me to leave a one star review on their page?
Don't be an asshole to the guy letting you into the bar
Moving to save the marriage? Nope, for divorce.
Park in my spot? I'll block you in...
At least our car is secure
Solo driver in the HOV lane... nailed!
At least our car is secure
Rude spring-breakers forced to move seats
Planes, iPads and Noise-Cancelling Headphones
You picked the wrong seat to be rude.
Take my water? You get grossed out.
My manager
Action Dan here, yearbook revenge
Do you want salt with that? (or never piss the waitress off)
Owe me money but block me on all social media platforms so you don't have to pay me back? Hope you like creepy messages.
Do not steal my parking spot
She forgot about my cart so I did tooOh you work here? Go clean the bathrooms then.
Middle school bully wanted to sign my yearbook
Gave a Girl Who Uses Me the Run Around
You fucked up my restroom, but I got my revenge xpost /r/talesfromyourserver
Petty revenge goes nuclear. [Warning: Long]
Early voting petty revenge
The prank call reversal
People with a photographic memory, what's it like?
Lightly petty retail revenge
Parting gift for years of bs
The good ole towel toss never gets old
Block my view in the cinema, and I won't divulge my secrets...
Interrupt my audiobook? Enjoy sitting 3 rows behind mom
HOA Petty Revenge
Lose one battle to win a war.
Need ideas for Petty Revenge!
I spit in my cats Fancy Feast because he pissed all over my bed
Ladies get mad at me for moving my canopy so I'll be in the shade, I pretend I can't understand them.
Action Dan here, don't be loud as sin when I got a job and a two year old.
He wouldn't let me play, so I took a shit on his backyard patio.
Ebay customer goes down
That'll teach you to keep an eye on your phone...
Dear Anonymous Anti-Urban-Farmer
Golfer Man Strikes Back
My shift manager at work never does anything how we're supposed to.
A special kind of person tried to screw me on craigslist, I want sweet sweet revenge. I have him email and phone number, what should I do to him?
I spit in my cat's Fancy Feast because he pissed on my bed
To get even with my selfish neighbor.
so you want to change your bills?
Ice Ice Baby
[Request] I would like to get even.
Petty revenge reverse perspective
Refuse to forward your mail? Let me inconvenience you.
Bad Mouth Revenge
Oh comcast. You so silly.
Action Dan here, revenge on my neighbors for being rude and telling me how to raise my kid.
Petty revenge is a dish best served with donuts.
Don't piss off the cleaner!
When petty revenge backfires.
Snitches get jizzes
Nasty children get healthy Halloween.
Be mean to my little siblings? No WiFi for you
"Can you get the fuck out of my way!?"
Library shenanigans
As a referee I have too many opportunities to be petty, here's one of them.
My petty revenge for rude customers is a minor annoyance.
Got revenge on a double Parker today
To catch a cheater.
Arguing with me about taking a very necessary sick day? Have fun with the that sinus infection.
X-post from another reddit. In Which we Discover the Wrath of the Scheduling Secretary, and the Hilarity which Ensues Therein
Fake Crossword Puzzles
Fuck your Indie series - My nanowrimo revenge
A Trolley Boys Petty Revenge
The pettiest tea revenge
Do it yourself, then!
Oh you want a discount? Sorry those are only for decent people.
TP Bandito.
Don't piss of your barista or your coffee won't work.
Fast Food Worker gets their Petty Revenge
I guess go forth, minions...?
Lawyer v. Lawyer Petty Revenge, part 2
Action Dan here, don't insult my music and call it "nigger shit" and bust my cd.
Dothead Neighbor
Never fuck with someone on the shitter.
Use protection before you fuck yourself
Rude Passenger Hogs The Arm Rest, Then Man In The Middle Seat Teaches Him A Lesson
Wedding registry fun!
Don't be fucking rude to my coworkers, lady
Sorry Mr. Bully, you finally get in trouble.
Be rude to your supervisor? No victory for you!
Your product has three star rating on Newegg, it's clearly inferior...
Keep your stuff in your own space!
Petty Revenge on Mormons
I Can't Read The Rules On Mobile, So Here Goes
I guess go forth, minions..?
Crime scene phone call
Person I hate is going through hell.
Revenge on a data tech
Sorry, early ticket passes are only for decent people
Act crabby at me sometimes? Enjoy your candy!
Taxi call center revenge revenge
Don't ask for free shit. You won't get it.
Honestly, how did you think this would go?
Worked at Dollar General for 3 months, and left.
Try to cut me for a concert that I woke up at 4:30 AM for? How about you watch ME as I cut you!
Don't take my towel!
Race day woes
Don't touch my laundry.
Picture perfect revenge
Wouldn't do that If i were you
Manager does things, just cause she can
Call me an uber-nerd and be a thief? Have a very wet Halloween!
What happens when my manager does things, just cause she can...
My poop story
Boyfriend was being a jerk, so I got him real good.
More call centre jerks.
Make me pay for your food when you have swipes? Okay.
Abuse me, become blind.
Jonas Wyns - A Scammer Who Got Away - My Story
Sorry...kinda but not reallyTeacher who made fun of us got what was coming to her
You never know who might be listening
Unclaimed heavy objects
Teacher accuses me of plagiarism, so I prove her rightly wrong.
I hope your kids like Audioslave
How You Got It Spoiled
Petty Revenge In Process...
Embarrass me for being proud of myself? Have fun never forgetting that girl rejecting you.
Student's spelling revenge today
Don't try to run me over.
An opportunity not taken.
Green light.... Red light. Green light....
Attempt to steal my pen: Denied
Can't see the red light? Let me help you see!
Question!
Bump of revenge!
Sure, I'll turn off your detailed billing
Hoohoo, I like this one
Samantha is a bitch!
Train Journey Man Spreading Revenge
A revenge eight years in the making
Don't block our parking spot..
i just need the communities help with this ...
Parking lot shenanigans
It's not MY fault that YOU can't drive
You think you know everything, have a slower computer. Fix it mister know it all.
Drive off while I'm instructing you where to park, enjoy being blocked in.
College tales.. don't mess with my bed, okay?
My dad invaded my privacy... Any ideas?
Don't steal my sanitizer or you'll hit your knees.
I thought she was the one...turns out, I was right.
Be rude during presentations and distract everyone? I hope you have greasy hands. (Part 2)
I hope you're well
Revenge can be finger lickin' good
Please help me get petty revenge against a toxic bully coworker!
Girl tries to get me fired, gets herself fired in the process.
Cheating ex asking to be paid back for Justin Beiber ticket is sent 1p a day
Butterslug wants me to mow her lawn.
The cow at the deli
Mad mommy tries to guilt me out of my sweet &amp; sour sauce...not today! (Xpost from r/childfree)
Thanks for my deposit back, and then some
I wait, you wait
Egg on your car is better revenge than egg on your face.
Gonna play loud music right by my house? Fine, then I'll make sure your car keeps getting water spots
Want to talk loudly on your phone? Get crop dusted.
Lights! Lights!
Here's your whine sorry for the wait!
Lights-Out!
Want to inconvenience me? Two can play at that game.
You put your feet on my side of the aisle? Hope you like a red face!
Lights-out!
I'll piss on his piss. That'll show him.
Story from my high school days.
Felt good to witness that cold stare of disbelief in her face..
Stop stealing things off of my desk
"Hey sweetcakes, when do you get off work? I'll take you out for a drink?" (X-Post from Talesfromretail
Don't move your cart, I'll move it for you!
Do move your cart, I'll move it for you
3 Second Voicemails
"WHAT DO YOU MEAN MY ORDER WON'T BE HERE UNTIL CHRISTMAS!" (From my call center days)
I bless the rains down in Africa!
Full serve is for buying gas
Be rude during presentations and distract everyone? I hope you have greasy hands!
Watch where you're going
Give me your expert petty advice!
Random Stranger Parks In My Driveway
Sweet revenge
Be Rude and I'll make you wait longer
"That one" she said as she pointed vaguely at the meat case (From my meat department days)
Got a package sent to the wrong address (it was a gift), current scumbag tenant refuses to give me the package, and threatens to assault me. Story unfolds through three pics of our text conversations.
Ruined my chances with a girl? I'll ruin your night.
Treat me poorly I'll make your life difficult (Stories from my meat department days)
Late again? Enjoy your greasy fingers.
Fecal Flinger Gets Framed
Poop Return
It was just a simple question.
I left an escort an unconventional tip [NSFW]
Razor revenge
I showed him who was boss.
Messing with a guy's bike? Not a good idea.
Are the people on this sub really just polite people that have had enough?
Guess I didn't need much luck after all, "sweetheart."
Walk, you're not the boss of me
Don't be rude. I'll get you sick.
Enjoy eating in my fart cloud, bitches!
NSFW Late to a shitty job, brother to a snarky sister. And I will have my vengeance in this week or the next.
Sure, you can try to steal my pen!
He should of checked his privilege, before running gobshite to another person. Deserved.
This is why you don't mess with custodians
Try to cut in traffic? Enjoy my music!
Yeah, I emptied the dishwasher.
need help with revenge please
need help with revenge
Gas station line
teens hanging around my car so i sound the alarm
On you, Reddit.
Petty Revenge On My Gross Roommate
Need Help!
Inspired by a front-page post: parking ticket switcheroo.
I dislike smokers.Roommates are dumb...but they literally pay me for their stupidity
A guest at the hotel I work at was incredibly rude to me when I came to clean his room...
You tell people my personal shit, prepare for revenge.
Canadian Tim Horton's Revenge
Gas Station War
No croutons for you!
The Patience Game
Tailgater
How to get back at selfish roommates?
Take my parking spot? Our whole department will block you in.
Think I'm overreacting to a hurricane? Enjoy some schoolin'.
Petty revenge against an officer.
Won't listen? Flounder in front of everyone.
Play that selfish ish with me? Eat it.
Takes A Dick Roommate to Know One
Leave pizza out? My dogs get a treat!
Talk during class, have fun with a dead battery
How do you like them spoilers?
Nuclear revenge for a petty reason?
Kick me out of the house for no reason? I'm taking the batteries.
Blocking the crosswalk gets you blocked!
How do you like them spoilers?
Crazy neighbor story
Mac N Cheese
Cat keeps waking me up so it can sleep under the covers...
Drunk Sir, Soldier of Karma.
The Pump Police
Nickle-and-diming the mediocre hotel
Doctor's revenge
Secret Swipes
Disproportionate Response
Fighting porch pirates with booby trapped packages
"Let me just confirm that number..."
Ignore my advice? You will pay in boredom and poop.
Don't fuck my (Ex) Girlfriend and not expect me to fuck yours
Cousins, Bunnies, And the Sweet Taste of Revenge.
Don't be a dick to your Uber driver
Cell phone in the movie theater?
You reap what you sow.
Don't run me over
Some people don't need pets.
Stupid chickadee
Stupid chickadee
Alcoholic Asshole Roommate
Got revenge on a bully
If you take my headphones, you listen to my music.
Gassing the Coworkers
Wake me up and don't care? Consider the debt paid.
Don't cut in line or fluffy revenge is coming your way.
I didn't think I was the petty type...
My friends need ppl to join him in getting a group of crazy ppl mad
You block our view at a stadium concert? Enjoy a filthy blanket!
I'll have my (Government) cheese and eat it too.
Old man and a yogurt lid
The ultimate way to ruin my co-workers' days
You're too old to be trick-or-treating
Keep me up fighting? Good morning!
Old man and a yogurt lid
Petty revenge on an Uber driver.
Hope you like jaywalking through gum!
Have fun with your spaghetti, lady (bit of language).
JJ makes Me get my card, He has to get his cardio.
Push my mirror, will you
Push my mirror, will you?
Small Entitlement Issue
Don't ask me to move out and act surprised when I do
When petty revenge turns into petty theft
Note that was left on Hotel Room door....
We have to sing without music? I guess I'll make up my own words.
How was your day?
$0.50 a page to fax!! Oh hell no!
Another Parking Story
Success is my revenge, and kindness is my weapon
She'll never know
How to get spirits into a sporting event
Bump my mirror, will you?
Bump my mirror, will you?
Waste my time three days in a row? I'll make your life inconvenient.
I gave my bosses over 20,000 data packets which must be deleted from our system manually, one at a time (weeks worth of work).
You do NOT abuse your Scapegoat in my presence.
"Don't drink my milk"
Sweet Revenge
I'm petty as fuck. I don't care.
Short and sweet revenge on a loud obnoxious co-worker
It's the little (and hairy) things that matter
Pregnant women want their food!
Was followed by suspicious person at Target, left him a surprise.
My pettiest revenge of all.
Use all of MY shaving cream eh?
Eat My Food?!!
Make fun of my bad hair day? Enjoy turning in your homework all the way over there.
Don't touch MY tape!
Was I Speaking Another Language???
Cheap friend gets made poorer. Just a petty amount.
This entire song.
[This entire song](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HIj1ehvJYhM)
Want toppings on your crust? Maybe get a pizza that had a crust.
Blind me with your brights? Enjoy the leisurely journey.
The dude knocking on my door and running off is in for a mildly-exaggerated guilt trip
Harassing an elderly woman in a wheelchair? Be prepared for a long transaction.Don't play music loud enough to hear through headphones...
Winery or whinery?
stock broker name arsenios vergis at bmo scammed me - hers how i got my revenge on him
stock broker name arsenios vergis at bmo scammed me - hers how i got my revenge on him
Ex-wife tries to change the station on my stereo, ends up having to listen to one song she hates for the rest of the trip (x-post from /azzizzisadventures)
Oh, you have a girlfriend? I'm sure she'd love to hear what you've been saying.
Oh, you have a girlfriend? I'm sure she'd love to eat what you've been saying
Decide to verbally abuse and mentally manipulate me? Say goodbye to your favorite social media username
Text/call this girl shes 16 and single
Follow her snap and stalk her
Don't pay child support, get your truck towed
Bus Revenge
Revenge in a [photo.](http://i.imgur.com/1UljwEN.jpg)
Hurricane was pretty rough, on just your car
Take advantage of our time and car? I'll buy the most expensive food then
What's good for the goose...
No free food for you
try not harassing the last person in the department maybe
Cut me off? Well now you can learn to drive safely.
Line cutter I'm not taking your bullshit
Fine, I quit then.
A decision was made.
Surgeons of reddit, have you ever had someone die during surgery? If so... what did you do with them?
Knock my bike over? I delay you for 5 seconds
Help annoy stalker
Not so sweet red revenge...
Wanna block the driveway? ok.
Much Ado About Nothing = Petty Revenge Time
Candy Crush: The Sweetest Revenge
Lose your temper with me multiple times because I'm not a mind reader, have fun walking back to the yard.
"No more, No less"
A smelly revenge
I dislike those with a sense of entitlement.
Try to get me to support your bigotry? Here's the stupidest receptionist we have on tap.
Have fun panicking, buddy
I will not let him in.
Suggestions on revenge for a procrastinating shipper?
My mum threw out my favourite shoes,soooo.....
Enjoy the panicked search, bud
we weren't fast enough for this bitch, apparently
Come in late and unprepared? I'll take away your overtime!
I have my enemy's phone number, what do?
Screw us over and be rude on an installation?
Two can play that game!
I'll let him in.
$1 Revenge
Be lazy? I'll use the time you could have to clean up.
Lie about going to die, fuck you bitch
My computer has been infected by a virus!
My mum through my well worn shoes out
Something Old, Something New, Something Borrowed, Something Petty
revenge on neighbor
Giving douches mild panic attacks
Ignore my request to adjust the a.c.? Have fun cleaning up my mess.
Welcome to Starbucks, enjoy your decaffeinated beverage :-)
Any of you have Road Rage?
Pretty Fly for a Wifi
Driving in the wrong lane
Your credit card is declined. Do you have another form of payment?
Free installation scam, let me make a final adjustment.
Since We Aren't Friends Anymore....
My boyfriend's cat hates me
Take out the trash
Ongoing Pettiness
Make me leave late? Okay we'll both leave late.
Cave Gas
hover to make me work faster?
My girlfriend broke up with me...
Too stupid to read a traffic sign? You get what you deserve.
Some good ol' teenage breakup revenge, going on 3 years.
Give me more work? Hope you like waiting!
Sexually threaten my family? Get packing your bags.
Petty Revenge with Roommate Transforms into Well-Deserved Revenge.
bossy roommate finally gives in due to pettiness
I never carry cash, but this morning I HAD to use it.
Boyfriend wants to act like we're five instead of grown-ups
Petty revenge stories at work.
Bad roommates? Zero shits left to give.
Shirt's in laundry inside-out? I'll hang them that way.
Coffee Revenge ☕️
How can you get back at those telephony scamers?
When I bought my new (used) car from the dealership, I had to give a 5 star review on Yelp in order to get floor mats for my car (or be charged extra) so I decided to give them my own "floor mats."
That's what happens when you don't clean your room.
Turn lane revenge
Free installation trick? No problem, let me make a small uninstall "adjustment".
Don't be a dick, or you won't be able to play.
asshole friend uses my ammo without asking
Using IT Power for good
Annoy me with moving ads? I won't rate you
Revenge on a truck driver
Being rude to fast food employees. Yes, I'll give you directions.....
Don't want to listen to me talk? Fine listen to the microwave
Revenge on my insensitive brother.
Sorry not sorry, toddler terrorist.
I divided my payment method to cash + credit card because they love to take 2 cents from me!
The universe tends to unfold as it should.
Group revenge on the M25, London.
Messy customer made to wait
No English for you
Ex-wife threatens to take me to court for more support, ends up getting less money as a result.Revenge against early rising noisy neighbors.
Revenge at the DMV (Vol 2)
My Friend's Revenge Against His Uncle
I divided my payment method to cash + credit card because they love to take 2 cents from me!
Stupid Cat Hat
[NSFW] Because he's such a dick, everyone now believes he's got a small dick
It not your room, it's our room
Snow Shoveling Revenge
Laugh at me when it rains?
Squeezed every single one back in - piece by piece!
Entitled ferrari driver holds up street, my dad runs him over in company vehicle.
Let me help you find a new spot for that.
Talk shit having never met me? I'll get to know you.
Petty tailgater revenge
Chill out, kiddos
Park on the sidewalk? Expect (minor) consequences!
Petty Revenge is Best Revenge
Try to push me to hurry up? Well you are just going to wait!
Need ideas on how to fight a bar
Petty revenge found on Facebook
Try and get a cheap photoshoot because Im broke annd you are leaving the country? Joke is on you.
Cut me off in the drive thru? Check your tires.
go ahead. use my computer without asking.
Ex-wife tries to take everything from me, then asks me if I would be kind enough to take some of her clothes to her.
A douche of a man
Dirty flat mates REVENGE
Wait in the line of cars like everyone else
Hope they find they have 'way more employee theft due to lookalikes.
Milk. Lots of milk.
Cheap Dad
Prettiest driving I've ever done! Ride my ass for 5+ miles then you can wait a few more minutes.
Complain? Queue longer.
You both decide not to train me well at work? Okay.
the other end of petty revenge
On going double parking revenge
Wake me up during naps? Have fun wasting time in detention
Steal from me? Enjoy everyone knowing your dirty little secrets.
Another student told me to put my iPad away in class...
what should I do? 3 guys are following and taking pics.
What is something that someone said to you in passing, not intending to be rude, that really wounded you?
What innocuous action by other people absolutely sets you off?
[UPDATE] on my Narcissistc Workplace. I have found the key.
Talk shit about my wife? Might want to know what she looks like.
Found a wine glass that belonged to my ex. How should I dispose of it?
You'll wait your turn, and then some.
Choco hate
Dont use my club membership
I feel so dirty after what I did
And that's why you share!
Nope. Not brake checkin you.
Because I don't date f...
Cut me off so i can't switch lanes? be late for wherever you're going, asshole.
Oxiclean Whore
Fridge fiasco
This might be a little more than petty.
You were an idiot to the wrong girl
Try to take over my table at McD's? Enjoy waiting even longer.
Give out my email address as your own? That's going to backfire.
Should I bust the party?
Fun at the carnival.
When you don't have to try.
Don't mess with the glue guy
Instant karma
I need revenge on my upstairs neighbour! How!?
Peed in the swimming pool every time I was near the girl who flirted with my boyfriend.
Steal my parking spot? Enjoy a soaked shopping cart!
You asked for it
How Fitting
Dad woke me up late at night on purpose, so I had ice thrown an him.
Car cuts me off, happens to be heading in my direction, try something I always wanted to try.
A (Super) Hot and Ready Sandwich for You!
Feminized guy friend
I'll do what I want with my screenshots.
If you mildly inconvenience me, I will do the same to you.
So, you want to hassle me for buying an apple?
A guy and his wife try a slick move to cut in line, but I don't let him get away with it.
I don't work here but I'll be glad to 'help' you :)
Mall employee's xmas revenge
Bully bullies friends, we hatch a plan
Frequent Airport Revenge
Douche nugget did a three point turn in the middle of traffic because he didn't turn to his liking
how to deal with disrespectful apartment neighbor?
Mrs Moodypants
I was raped and got pregnant as a result
Dorney Park Hammerhead
Roommate Eats Food My Grandma Gave Me And I Get Pissed
It turned orange.
Drunk and ditched
Be a horrible roommate and kill my plants... I'll show you how to be petty.
PoGo players (or otherwise) - Parking spaces, use them!
[request] revenge on a neighbour who's dog shits on my lawn.
Racist, sexist patient gets more than he bargained for.
This is what you get for talking/hugging to my girlfriend
Toilet Seat madness
Shitty neighbours.
Whiny freshmen don't get what they want
Shove your passed me to get the last seat?
Maria and the dog
Cut ahead of me? Hope you like waiting...
You like eating my food? Enjoy the shaving cream.Want to prove you're faster? Go right ahead!
Embarrassed a school bully into submission
Asshole driver gets what he deserves
Tailgating Revenge
Be a corporate scumbag and liar huh? [Accidental petty revenge]
Get me fired I'll leave a business card on your car.
Honk at me as i cross at a corner? Loose your parking place
My band teacher's "meet the teacher night"
Petty revenge on a cheap-o
Quiet Train Car Revenge
Just One Piece
A petty clean
I keep several police officers cards in my wallet JIC it ever gets stolen
Pitiful stupid bitch
This dude who used to be one of my closest friends fucked my ex shortly after our breakup who I was still in love with. in the past, he's been made fun of for looking like Peter Pan.
Damn phone scammers can work for it
Marching band leader was a butt, so I gave him mono.
Responsible rebellion against passive aggression
Mess with my puffle plush, have a little surprise on Club Penguin!
Don't f***ing cut in line at the McDonalds drive-thru
"Can I have your name?" "no."
NSFW Late to a shitty job, brother to a snarky sister. And I will have my vengeance this week or the next.
I guess I won't reset the machine...
Jerk me around during escrow? You can wait a while to get your deposit back!
Leave your shopping cart on my lawn? I'll use your lawn as my personal garbage dump.
Oh no...I REALLY should watch what I say around young children.
Oops maybe you shouldn't have parked 4 inches away from my car.
list of a few petty/passive aggressive revenges i've had over the years.
Waste time at my job? I'll waste 2 hours of yours.
Give me lame excuse for not making the food I already paid for? Enjoy the natural consequences, Ben.
To hell with your stupid groceries
Make an excuse, get it right back!
Fellowship of the Revenge
Why not to tailgate in a convertible.
Get your own white board.
You are not going to ruin MY grade with YOUR procrastination
The prolonged eye contact
Throw away my food? I'll fuck with yours.
Company Sponsored free concert
Demanded my dollar back from a beggar
Be a dick of a brother? I'll do the meanest thing I can do
Be a jerk of a boss who doesn't listen? Nearly get chewed up by an auger!
Chip-petty
Drive like an Ass, Expect to be treated like one
Revenge on the Drama Queen
293-96-5193
Didn't bring your bottle? Don't worry I have a few extras...
That was my cake batter.
no, that ringing phone wasn't a mistake (guess it's not really revenge)
Musical Revenge
Careful how you treat food service employees
Ollie
Behave rudely and leave my sock on the floor will you?
'Dont like it, go work for a bank'
Petty Revenge &amp; Karma for the poor, Entitled Baby Pink stripe Mustang!
The Bank Job Applicarion
The Silver Dollar Surprise
Dads petty revenge
Sell my riding lawn mower? NO TV FOR YOU!!!
Had a dream about an old enemy the other night. Decided to look them up. Found an arrest report and mugshot.
Waitress revenge
The bank application
Cyberevenge (x-post /r/creepyPMs)
The bank application
The bank application
Dads petty revenge
The bank application
Don't wanna clean up after your cat? Alright.
The bank application
Wall Mart Lawn and Garden
Sweet Revenge On Asshole Driver
international petty revenge
The bank application
Kicked a black guys car while I was crossing the street, punched me in the neck, I called the cops.
It's the little things...
Strangers help me get some petty revenge on teenagers at a concert
Nosey Nancy
Ideas to deal with the asshole everybody hates at work
Fuck my sister? I'm gonna fuck up your life. (Long Story)
"Stop drinking my milk bro!"
How I get someone blacklisted from Comic con.
Upset my mother? Be prepared to accept your comeuppance
Locked a guy out of his own garage
Bye, bye Alice.
Don't honk, open the door yourself.
Steal my water bottle? Enjoy an empty one!
Keep on staring at me but I'm done talking to you.
This girl in the theater had her feet up on the back of my friend's chair.
Comcast revenge
(Not) in a hurry
I'll give you something to do
LP revenge
Spilling Beer
Make me wait, I will screw up your Metrics
My neighbor just leaf blew dust all over my car
Gave mouthy children a double workload
Wanna take my man? Have fun looking at my picture.
Clean up the puke yourself!
Snot and spit
Revenge against LPSteal my food? Enjoy your bathroom break.
Order something after we are obviously closed? Hope you like waiting.
A terrible program and a more terrible revenge
Don't be shitty to people with disabilities
Exit ramp revenge
My retail revenge
Revenge on retail employees
[Request] Real shitty apartment neighbor
Revenge on the last day of school
Housemate leaves me without toilet paper so now I get revenge
Ordering right before close on a rainy night?! Enjoy your frozen cheesecake.
[NSFW] Feeling good over there?
You could have just... not done that.
Blame My Husband? Screw Your Perfect Record.
Learn to Spell
If you ditch me I snitch on you.
Wasting money? I'll show you wasting money.
Jerk neighbor with Hank Hill level lawn pride
Dont steal my flashdrive.
Turns out bitter-apple spray deters puppies AND coworkers.
Whitewash your own Wikipedia page? You will regret that.
Do something bad to me? I'll do something bad to you.
I hope you fight over that bread.
Petty goes both ways.
[Video Games] Don't pay me for my time? You have to wait for what you want.
sweet cook payback
Keep stealing my coffee? Enjoy the afternoon crash!!
Butt in line? Nice try, girls
Let's all waste a pot of coffee.
I one-uped your passive aggressiveness, my sweet husband.
Want to make demands for immediate action? Whoopsie doodle!
My neighbor told me to slow down when i drove past her
I enjoy sleeping in. Hope you do too.
Heres your change
You won't wait for me? I won't wait for you!
The roommate.
Want to make me fun of me? Enjoy your burning vagina.
Want say I'm not really sick? Well enjoy your flu.
Infected co workers with the flu and feel 0 guilt.
I had to bag my own to go meal, I just stole 50 cents from you, eat it
Rudely ignore me, neighbor? I'm content to confuse you
Asshole ex-boyfriend gets what he deserves
Infected many with a disease.
Want to slap me? Enjoy your broken leg.
Oops, missed a spot
Pissing on the seat, more like pissing on your shorts.
Have a fun rest of your commute, ya jerk!
Break my pencil? I'll help you fail your test.
What to steal my new garbage bins ? Get ready to lose yours!
Throttling my internet? Let's update all the apps in my phone using mobile network
Want to be a dick? Enjoy paying more for your water
Fire Test
A phantom rock in your boot
Eat my lunch snack? Hope you like laxative infused doughnuts!
Call the cops on **ME**? You should've looked in the mirror first, oh stupid neighbor of mine.
Racist food server at college gets what he deserved.
Don't you hate when a dealership glues one of their badges to the bumper of your car for free advertising? So do I.
Quit on Stalker enablers.
Road trips &amp; those turtles in the Left lane!
Revenge is best served refreshing.
Made a bully fail an EOC
Do something to me in the form of a question? I'll retaliate in the form of a statement.
Make fun of my beer choice? Alright essay.
Want to steal my water? I hope you like the color blue
"Hey big guy, MOVE"
Pretty sure my local Postal worker is stealing mail. Want to track them down and catch them.
Take up two parking spaces on a busy parking lot? (NSFW Language)
Thanks for the help.
Don't be petty
Hid a lady's basket
Threaten my friend publicly on facebook? I'll expose you (screenshots included).
Use all my shampoo for bubble bath?
Lie About me? You'll be Short on your register
Try to stop me from sitting down on the bus? Lets make this as awkward as possible.
My stepsister was a real bitch
Kill 'em with kindness and dog drool
Hell Hath No Fury Like A Mother Scared
Man Threatens to Rape Woman For Sharing Her Opinion About An Article
Tailgate me? Better be extra careful!
A Russian wannabe script kiddie paid for my Minecraft server.
Bank wants to be stinky, that's fine with me.
A lack of planning on your part....
Threaten my friend publicly on facebook? I'll expose you (screenshots included).
I AM a fucking idiot!
Take up two parking spaces on a busy parking lot?
Now you get to pick up the slack, bitch.
Be a bad worker? Lose your chance.
No witty title. Just petty revenge at my finest
You get what you deserve.
No $2 bills for you!
Skip me on Omegle!?
Smelly ears
Revenge is a dish best served with cheese.
Try and cut in front of me again!
How to ruin a party you weren't invited to
Don't mess up my department
criminal running a training school didn't know who she was messing with when she ran up against me
Dangerous driving
"Hey, dude! Smell my fingers!"
Some kid scammed me $100 via a video game. So I contacted his parents.Be a rude, snide manager? See ya' never.
Good samaritan wants to sell a lost phone back to owner
Terminate my offer based on bullshit heresay? You picked the wrong person to fuck over, bitch.
How I got my annoying coworker nearly beaten up.
Please Don't Piss In My Cooler.
Russian Nazi will be sparkling soon!
Shouldn't have eaten my food.
You play wanna be cop, I play Woodsy the owl ( maybe nsfw b/c language)
Rickrolled a call center in India
How petty would it be...
Tailgating Asshole
Make my life difficult? Say goodbye to gas points.
Rude lady on the bus.
Pushy Tim Hortons lady. Gets burned.
Don't mess with my grandad
Hit on girls on public transit? Get called out for it.
I'll waste her time too
Gonna try and rob me of $500 worth of shit? I'm gonna shame you and take your new bong.
Be a dick at a crowded concert? Whoops, there goes your beer!
Another gas station revenge story
Stroller justice wahaha
Pokemon go away
Trash my house? Have fun at work ;)
Sexist italian ice shop boss petty revenge
What you don't have a camera?
Well thats too bad
Work story inspired a petty revenge
Another Tale of Elevator shenanigans!
So you don't want to leave your computer to let me in? Enjoy your weak coffee.
Butt in line at the gas station? Now you wait.
Can't find a specific revenge
My boss has been annoying me with his nitpicking...
Then I guess you can just go restock all these extra items.
Delivery! It's Revenge!
The mystery of the talking desk
curse at me? I'm no longer making an effort to keep you comfortable
How to get your boss to swear at your back for at least 20 minutes
Loner Douche's spoiled ride
Be a grump, feel my wrath.
Block our cellphones? Deal with the consequences
Take your trash back you trash.
Dangerously overcrowd the elevator? Enjoy your 20 minute ride.
revenge on obnoxious drunk neighbors
Enjoy the free wifi...
Bother my landlord, enjoy your mail and yard signs
Video vs Video Game: The Showdown
Pretty shitty day. This felt better than it should have. Thank You Reddit.
Talk over my head? Have a few more emails.
Inconvenience me and I'll inconvenience you back.
Steal my detergent? Well you can wait another 15 minutes.
Ongoing petty revenge on little brother
All of you speak fluent Spanish? Enjoy my French music.
Parking Wars
Asshole landlord wants to play favorites, I play dumb.
I'm usually forgiving and patient, but this Ebay seller had it coming.
Try to edge in on my boyfriend? Enjoy your floppy-shoes workout!
Don't mess with hotel workers
Keep us up on a Monday night? We'll ruin your party.
So, You Are Interested in My Grass
Now my reports are consistent
Hot Pockets
It's generally not a good idea to call your DD a whore...
Don't F*ck with hotel workers
Threaten our front desk worker? Enjoy your crappy towels.
Ignore my text asking for help with the trash?
Car in the wrong lane cut me off and almost caused an accident so I followed them home and threw a brick through their window a week later
Car in the wrong lane cut me off and almost caused an accident so I followed them home and threw a brick through their window a week later
Try to bully me and I'll accidently break your leg
Real Estate Gone Awry
Tailgater gets his reward.
Be an annoying bitch and I'll say nothing.
Get your free beer here!
Laugh at my pain? I'll (secretly) laugh at yours.
Since graduation, I've been unfriending people who were dicks to me when I get the notification that it's their birthday
Take a newspaper without acknowledging us? Expect a surprise
Want to be rude and condescending? Enjoy your soggy bacon
Don't tell me which file you need for the project? Get the false one.
racist dodgeballer
Douche bag in friend group gets what's coming to him
An old high-school friend kicks out his room-mates, so they (or someone else) get him fired.
I was an asshole, but it's fine, my boss got me back.
Don't want to let me pass? Here is Officer Karma with your reward.
Line took way too long at Arby's so I got them good
Staying in your car doesn't mean you can park anywhere.
You wanna double park half over a handicap spot without being handicapped? Enjoy the cart.
Paraphrasing a story from a video..
my university keeps raising tuition each year
Don't interrupt my work, assholes.
I can make you leave, and I need not say anything.
Talk shit? Nope, not gonna help you.
My boss and I didn't get along very well
Don't be racist to the girl serving you
I was as nice as I could force myself to be, and then made the jerk feel bad.
Kill her with kindness
Petty revenge + sweet karma = poetic justice
I took petty revenge on elementary school bully four times
How I lived out a revenge fantasy without even planning it.
Retail me this.
You're not going to help with the invitations of your grandson's graduation party? And leave it for only me to do?
Roommate towel revengeSometimes the best way to deal with an unpleasant customer is to kill them with kindness.
Stole the toilet brush
intimidate me in gym class? eat hockey stick!
Shopkeeper annoys other with loud music, another shopkeeper responds back with the use of the telephone
Use the pager system to talk shit about me?
Be a dick and you get exactly what you asked for.
Ignore me, I'll inconvenience you.
Petty Movie Theater Revenge
Screw over the neighbourhood and have your beach views revoked
Help me get revenge on a creepyPMer
Cut in front of me? Nope
Don't piss off a line of Mommies.
Printer is out of order
Embarrassed guy at car show
Lean on me for a better view? Get an elbow in the gut.
Enjoy scraping off the burnt part, line-cutter
My brother stole my pizza, I stole his back
To the man who was driving an overfilled bus like a maniac...
Cut me off and slam on your breaks?...Don't be stupid.
Enjoy your tea!
Can't do a simple task that's part of your job? Spend the next 15 minutes wishing you did.
Not sure if this is actually petty revenge, but I believe a post of mine was wrongfully removed on reddit by a petty mod, so I went for petty revenge.
Penny for your thoughts?
Play chicken, become the chicken
Asshat coworker leaves without a trace.
No cutting traffic today
Shop owner blasts loud music. Another shop owner gets even with the use of the telephone.
Make Me Work Outside for 14 Hours in the Snow?
Your filing has become slightly less convenient.
Pull out of the deal at the last minute?
The pettiness of a "popular" high school boy.
Real Estate Revenge
Shopkeeper annoys others with loud music. Another shopkeeper responds back with a telephone
Ex friend petty revenge
Being stuck in economy class seating is bad enough, so why make my life worse?
Mitch Hedberg exacts petty revenge for the both of us
Slow Puppy and the Perfect Cart
Party Store over-charging for helium--had to let a little air out
Revenge is best served at -40
Why can't I get any babysitting gigs from my neighbors? (Hint: It's because they hate me.)
this didnt really need revenge, and my friend and i were just going to walk out and take the 'high road,' but then my friend couldnt resist because he is beautifully petty.
Oops!
We don't need to hear your loud music
Simple Driving Petty Revenge
Dont make fun of womens soccer!
Girl Power!
The headache was worth it
Turn on your sprinklers? I'll let my dog piss on your lawn.
Flash at me while I'm going the speed of traffic? Enjoy being boxed in!
Balls to the face!
Fire me for being out with my girl? Lose your franchise.
The box of condoms.
I need some help.
Fuck your save files bitch
Bitch thought she could get away with paying us less than agreed
We'll give you something to complain about (xpost from /r/talesfromcallcenters)
Leave my room a mess?? I'll "delete" your save file.
Complain about my music while being a piece of shit? Get what you ask for.
New neighbor lacking courtesy
Don't be a dick to your nurse
Tailgate me? Have fun changing your flat tire out in the boonies.
"Everything on the burger"
Hipster tries his sassy bullshit on a Judge.....at the court
Letter of the Law
Wanna prioritise others? Guess I'm suddenly "busy" this week
Make me move your shopping cart to get to my car, fine eat a red light.
Hipster tries his sassy bullshit on a judge
Don't use my phone number.
Hairdresser
Have fun finding a matching sock
I've been the victim of pretty cheeky petty revenge!
Be rude to me? Enjoy your dirty glasses!
Don't assume I'm the stupid one
Want to reserve a spot with your motorcycle? Fine, I'll make it take twice the effort.
How about you buy your extra large condoms from a store where your ex doesn't work?
Petty revenge turns into a ticket (hopefully)
Lady bugs
Roll coal onto me? Get your eardrums blasted.
Thanks for the beer now get me my soda.
So this one guy ripped me off when I bought weed from him
The guy who eats everyone's lunch out of the work refrigerator "wins" a bet
15 items or less? Count your groceries
Don't start throwing punches on the third turn in Talisman, I WILL mess you up.
Don't mess with the crew.
Don't mess with the crew.
Petty Revenge on a Cop
Don't put your junk in my face.
You Gonna Help or Not?
Don't go around falsely accusing someone at work.
Made a guy think a girl was slapping his booty
He told me to have a good night. I told him I would in the future. Tonight was that night.
Petty Revenge on a Cop.
Glacier Cars in the City...
Don't fall asleep in class...
"Bully-reporting" a dude for selling candy on the bus
The Playground Is Over There.
"Bully-reporting" a dude for selling candy on the bus
sidework sabotage
Bus Driver Revenge
Wheres my cup??Chat during a classical concert? Enjoy the view of my back!
Quick shower? Never mind.
Don't piss off your ride
Be careful where you wank
I put hot oatmeal in my roommate's shoes.
Gone with the "wind"
I Fought The Wasps and I Won!
Classic crime committer collects comeuppance
Satisfying revenge on me SO's ex
Petty revenge in the making, looking for feedback.
Re-rack your fucking weights!
Petty revenge is a deep dish best served cold
Want to be an obnoxious little shite on the train?
Don't be rude to people on the elevator. You won't get to the restroom on time.
Getting Shorted in the Bathroom
Take up 8 street parking spots, you won't get paid.
Be the toughest policeman in town? see what we do to your son ;)
Laugh at my pain? I'll (secretly) laugh at yours.
Laugh at my pain? I'll (secretly) laugh at yours.
Try to smugly tip me 1p, end up looking embarrassed because you didn't pay enough
Yeah, well smoke this, douchebag
truck stop pettiness
Sweet Squeaky Revenge
Send me a nasty message on Facebook? It's a shame you have a public profile.
Guy who tried to fight my boyfriend got what he deserved.
Disrespect me in my home? Have fun using my services.
Refuse to apologize? Looks like you'll miss your flight.
Passive aggressive petty parking revenge.
Getting revenge on asshole truck driver
Steal my sales? They're all yours. X-post from /r/ProRevenge.
First Day of school revenge.
Gone with the "wind"
My neighbor caught me using a sand wedge to return his dog's shit to him
Don't drive like an ass when dealing drugs
Blow me off again? Then don't get your stuff back.
Most expensive revenge?
Lock the parking garage and I am riding my muddy bike through your lobby.
Disrespect my mother? Love thy neighbor my ass.
Ever Light in the House is Off.
Let the cops handle it.
Get caught lying behind my back? I will embarrass you.
Cooler thief, gets shitty
Yet another guy on his phone when he's driving.
Messing with musicians
Petty Revenge goes both ways...
Don't drive like an asshole
Revenge is best served cold, sweet, and carbonated.
No, the world does not revolve around you.
Ticket my truck? Enjoy everybody thinking you're crazy
Pure Parking Pettiness
Refuse to help me because I'm an intern? Enjoy your coffee.
"Don't eat my cake!"
Petty email games in the Corporate World
What do cat food and toothbrushes have in common?
Oh, So you like throwing things? Let's see if you face the consequences...
Passive aggressive petty parking revenge.
Just curious, have any of you posters ever had revenge taken on you for you enacting revenge on the original offender?
Steal my parking spot at the busiest mall in town near the holidays? Hope you can afford fixing your car.
Looking for some text message revenge
Blocking me in parking illegally, offer my legal spot to you. Not your problem. Not mine either.
"Can I help you with anything else?" "Why yes you can"
Church bells
Rip-off your paperboy? Drive a couple miles every day to get your paper thereafter.
Elevators, revenge, and the ultimate sense of satisfaction
Potato Chip Justice
So you wanna go slow? How about a total stop?
Skip on dishes? Here's your "heat" activated charger
Don't park in handicapped if you aren't!
REQUEST: How to get revenge on this bartender
When you rip off the only kid in the neighborhood willing to do your yard work
Pint of justice served
Don't use your blinker? Guess you don't want to turn.
Oh, you thought you could get away with repeatedly stealing my liquor, did you?
Instant karma revenge at work.
Leave me stranded in the next city over in a foreign country? I'll leave you stranded without any luggage for all your shit.
Dont steal my flashdrive.
Dont steal my flashdrive.
Dept of Motor Vehicles
I will fart in your general direction!
Don't come in 1 minute until closing time and be rude to your server
If you're going to drive a huge vehicle, learn how to operate it.
Revenge is a dish best served by rocket launcher
Be a shitty friend? Enjoy your slow internet.
Custody
We have feelings too, but nobody realized that at school, so I decided to make them look for something while they clean the school.
Ignore and bully me at school, I waste your time.
Poor Service? Vengeance, best served petty.
Rushing us out of our house? Hope you have a pack of tissues in your purse.
Have fun getting our team made fun of!
Just a bit of a stupid football video-game revenge.
Have fun turning up to work looking like a slob.
A minimum transaction in this day and age?
Sometimes you just get fed up with it
Try to cut in line for the water slide?
Your water is never as fresh as you think it is.
Your water is never as fresh as you think it is.
you don't live here....
No Cutting in Line
Ex-boyfriend caught in a compromising position
MovingNo I will not assist you
Dress Code me after surgery? I don't think so.
Screwing my ex-fiancee from states away :)
Mormons? Yes, please!
Don't be a douche and your ice cream won't be sad
Make me fill out all your order sheets? Enjoy your "mercury poisoning".
Moving
Driving like an idiot
Help
Dont fuck with the people who plow your street.
Douche Bag in Car forced to admit he's wrong
Laundry room asshole
Maybe sales people shouldn't mess with their cashiers
A taste of your own medicine.
"Can I help you with anything else?" "Why yes you can."
Not valid unless signed
"Can I help you with anything else" "why yes you can"
Crowd Surfing Revenge
I'll make you think twice about violating our 15 minute parking signs!
[META] Could we get tags or flairs to denote the length of the post?
Shower revenge
Hope Your Day Isn't Too Busy
Thank you Cody
Be a jerk all semester to me? I'll indirectly make you fail the final.
A "mate" begged me for a job &amp; then pissed me about...
Don't take your anger out on security.
A Thai Doctor and a white guy walk up to a fruit stand...
So lonely
Petty Revenge on Photo Radar Operator
I didn't answer my phone for a few days, so my mother changed the Netflix password, so I changed the Amazon prime/video password
I quit my job, Ex-boss's pettiness prevailed
We Both Know I Remember You
Smelly Garbage
My former room mate
The Wal-Mart Decider
Go pee yourself.
Back of the line, pal.
Pull Over!
Unicorns and Happiness
Hope you like losing your nipples and elbows..
If you want to hear the song, stay in the room
Call me incompetent? Enjoy spending another 15 minutes trying to get a Notarization.
Complain excessively about our work? I'll have the last laugh.
Racist kids are the worst kids
I don't even fish.
Oh, I'm sorry. Did you think I was turning?
Hurry too hard, you end up in a fence.
Be a half ass all the time? I'll show you.
Steal my parking space?
Scammer fun
I knew who stole it and I was totally right
Just don't run, you little jackass
Nasty lady gets her day ruined for ruining another person's day first.
Complain about the chore inequalities? Don't reap the benefits of my paycheck.
Cloudy with a chance of PettyRevenge
Some Mentor You Are.
I obviously don't work here, but sure I can ring you up!
Excuse me while I make this turn.
A hungry man is a petty man
Have fun explaining that your doctor
I'm going to get some sort of reaction, one way or another.
Milwaukee looter defeated by inanimate object
There's enough room for two cars. Mow the lawn like a nice neighbour.
Flipped off at light for courtesy honk
Brush me off? Enjoy dickbutt.
Help me plot revenge.
Me and my girlfriend are passing trough the hell with our bad neighbors - help us to fix situation or revenge!
Plane-y revenge
Petty Revenge of the ewwwww kind
For the Horde
You have to be a little less lazy today.
Guest leaves note in hotel room
Maybe stop next time
Ignore my suggestion because I'm "not as experienced". Enjoy getting yelled at for half an hour.
Sweet Sweer Petty Revenge
Hosted an incredibly ungrateful exchange student. Petty revenge ensues after he called my family "losers".
Hosted a foreign exchange student...friends and I treated him like a king....and he called us losers. Have some petty revenge, Pedro.
Muffin revenge
Harass my younger brother? I'll bang your sister
Revenge on a roommate
Be annoying, enjoy some shitty formatting
Silence is Golden
Didn't do the order? Enjoy waking up every 30 minutes.
Spoil OITB? I will spoil something for you. (Game of Thrones spoilers)
Bf dumped me but still wanted to be friends. I responded by getting this:
Pharmacist with an attitude gets to be as annoyed as I am having to deal with her.
Custodians didn't feel like taking out the trash
I got a drink after all
I am not the hero of this story.
Tip your uber driver.
Tip you're under driver.
Hard Noodles
Call me a b*tch in earshot? You ain't getting this then!
satisfied revenge
Steve will steal your millions.
In it for the coupons? No more for you!
This bitch gave me Poison Ivy.
Condescending Manager
Jamming in the car to Mudvayne's HAPPY when I look over and see 2 kids laughing at me.
Sensitive lady with a bag on the NYC subway?Screw over my experiments? I'll make you waste your "valuable" time
Ruin my favorite rug? That's okay
Kiss too much ass at work, you really should have a plan for when that ass moves sideways and not up the ladder.
Wrong change at the grocery store
It's a shoe-in for the world's worst roommate.
You will endure the Jakarta traffic and have no sex
Story behind the WW2's military hospital which is now banned
Russian mother in law, as pleasant as it sounds
Dont eat my cheap candy
Ex girlfriend gets a reality check
Found out my girlfriend smokes.
You'll see how far it is.
Found out my girlfriend smokes today
Petty Bar Revenge
Hope you weren't too hungry...
Help me get revenge!
I'm using the bathroom bitch.
Petty revenge on an online game.
Being woken up sucks doesn't it?
She thought I was 9-1-dumb...
I watch hentai when you sleep.... slightly nsfw
The they I decided that I finally had enough of my mailman delivering my mail to my neighbours
So this guy told a girl to kill herself...
You don't have a bed tonight? Welcome to my world
bouncer pettiness #1
Seltzer Surprise!
a year of driving me crazy with tv - sweet petty revenge
Revenge of the Shifts
Take my spot? Enjoy being minorly inconvenienced.
Wanna play games with me the girl I wanna date? Two can play that game...
Wanna endanger others lives? Hurry up and wait.
Need some ideas...
Yappy little dog and her owner learn a lesson
Taunt me because you're bored? That's okay...or so you THINK
Invade my privacy? Lose a potential tenant.
Cold, but effective
Pokemon Go Revenge
The shittiest barbecue
Kick my chair at the movie theatre?
Kid stares at me angrily for no reason
Harrassive ex-classmate of mine gets fucked over
Send me scam emails? prepare to have your time wasted.
Another lap around the airport? Sure.
okay go ahead and be rude to me
Lazy Waitress
Want me to use the crosswalk? Sure, but you'll have to wait while I cross over to it.
Make me look bad for no reason in front of a customer will you?
Cold callers
Thank you Mr. "Asshole" Cop
Oh, you're cold? Sorry, not sorry
Block the door? Enjoy standing up!
"Yeah, I'll prioritize the easy work for you."
30 minutes at the only women's comfort room at the gym?
Don't be rude to the servers...
Not so fly anymore, huh?
Smash me to the ground? I shit on your porch
Petty Revenge Served Cold
My girlfriend kissed this guy lol, would you?
Suffer not the lazy.
Undies in the sink... (Possibly NSFW)
Don't ever f*** with people's money bruh
Tempted by His Own Desire
Stole my account? I'll make it useless
My sister TOLD me I would be watching her kid while she went skiing with her friends. By my estimate, the police have probably already gotten ahold of her.
You think that's loud?
Throw an eraser at me? Enjoy a ninja star to your teeth!
Try to screw me? I will literally make you pay
Nudge me out of the way at the book sale, enjoy selling your bibles.
Eating Lunch in the Car
Hell hath no fury like a tomato-less woman
Pockets full of revenge
Carpooling cousin.
Pick up your dirty fuckin' underwear in the sink
Reuploads my video to YouTube and earns more views than me.
My coworker was happy to give me some of his workload
teenagers!
talking about my freinds like that in the gym?well i don't think so!
Some revenge over my projecting father.
Want to act fake and shady? I'll expose you for it.
Double-revenge: My sister's boyfriend works for InstaCart, and my old boss was a disgusting manwhore.
Chew the crunchiest foods with your mouth open? Scream on speaker phone every day? I hope you enjoy my new keyboard
Threaten to hack my friends? I'll tell your mother!
I play the long game when it comes to being petty
Honk at me while we're merging lanes? Guess il let another 10 cars in front.
A wet helmet and a bollocking.
My brother loves dogs so much that he even eats their food!
Evil stepmother will never know.
For weeks I have been harassed by a coworker, today is the day I begin my plan for revenge.
Can't be bothered to be considerate? Well, sorry, I guess I can't either.
Annoying seatmate on 8 hour redeye flight
Want to be included in my holiday photos? I'll join in too!
You can use the Spotify, but not without getting this song stuck in your head!
Tempted by His Own Desire
How i got my annoying "friend" to insult himself
Rental company won't do repairs...
Take that, Delta Air Lines!
Talk on your phone while you order? Enjoy a hot surprise in your sandwich.
"Here's a pen and a paper for you."
Honk at me when i'm at a stop sign? - Not so fast
Coffee mugsPetty Deadpool Revenge
Petty Deadpool Revenge
Ex Besties
Kick my seat at the movies? Enjoy your view.
Don't publicize all your raunchy info online before going after my boyfriend
Tease me in front of your girlfriend? Get ready for projectile objects!
Happy Birthday!
My husband insulted my driving on the way home from breakfast this morning...
Enjoy Your Shower
So you think we're all rednecks around here?
Dreamcast Massacre
Tell me I'm not funny!?
You want to pee on the floor at 2 am? Alright...
Don't touch my dog without asking
Object to me breastfeeding my baby? I will FEED you...
About face.
Don't Move? I'll Crop Dust You
If you publish all of your raunchy sexual antics online, this is what will eventually happen, right?
The best petty revenge is the kind that happens on its own.
The Spanish Button
My finest petty revenge.
Try to pull familial rank on me?
Taught my BF a lesson
Best way to get revenge on a former housemate?
"You must have pressed the Spanish button..."
Break up with me over text? Kiss a good chunk of your karma goodbye.
Interrupt my study time? well..
Enjoy stopping at every floor down Douchbags
Don't clean up after yourself? I'll make sure you'll be as dirty as you leave the dorm.
A big bag of "Nope!"
Hope you weren't planning on drinking tonight mate.
Having loud sex in the middle of the night? Let me help you out.
Lawyer v. Lawyer revenge.
"Sorry, no hair tie here." 😈
Too Impatient For An Answer? You'll Wait, Then I'll Make You Late
Returning trash dumped into my truck bed.
No beer for you
Instant karma. Girl who I was sharing a position with tried to get me fired for stealing company time. She got fired a week later for doing the exact same thing.
No more movies for you
I love petty revenge!
Annoy me, I'll make you wait to leave.
enjoy the bottom drawer
Try to break up my relationship? I'll break up yours.
He scratched my car but his pettiness is 10/10
Should have followed up with their first offer to me
Leave all your stuff where people walk? Enjoy the sand!
Co-worker thinks I will tolerate his nazi bigotry, have fun being unemployed.
My sister emits filth? I get revenge.
Unnecessary rudeness to an IT employee results in instant karma
Keep stealing my Chromecast? How about a nice surprise.
Think ghosting is funny? Let me scare you to death.
You finish the pot, you make the next one.
Don't mess with my high scores
You want to be an asshole? Fine, I'll expose how shitty of a teacher you really are.
Today I sprayed Windex on a family
I'm just here to rock out
Made them wait
Teenage douche is put in his place and gets a painful toe
Unnecessary honk? Unnecessarily slow.
Don't mess with my high scores
Fuck with my internet and falsely advertise your apartment? I'll get you back passive aggressively.
I need your help, /r/PettyRevenge
Adios, you're on your own.
Call me names from your window? Hey, look, here comes your mother up the driveway.
You dont take a pregnant womans food.
You called me a faggot, but I'll still leave you a tip
Petty Revenge 3 weeks in the making, next time don't touch my water.
Made a woman's coffee experience mildly aggravating.
Don't Try to Kick Me
Thank you for the gift, let me return the favor.
Berate me in front of the class...
Co-worker got an office and I didn't
Sleep on the job? Get a longer nap than you bargained for
Responded as Soon as I Got the Text
Really simple petty revenge
Managers Can Be Awesome
Printer Revenge
[Star Trek Spoiler-ish but not really] Why would you think I did that on purpose? Did you do something to deserve it?
You're the "piano man"
Let me talk to your manager!
Be a Little Shit, Eat Shit.
Since You're So Eager to Honor that Sign...
Poor guy, I hope his truck is alright.
Enjoy the 9 hour "Don't Worry, Kyoko" marathon.
The Waterboy
Don't put the new toilet paper roll on the holder? I'll put it on the wrong way.
I left when you told me to!
Immigrant first world problem
Berate me in front of the class...
Berate me in front of the class...
Berate me in front of the class...
How to get rid of a drunk pervert
When my kids' daycare lady upsets me, I purposely pack different flavors of yogurt the next day so my kids argue on who gets which one.
Game night pettiness
Using the communal parking as your personal junkyard? Have it your way.
You resign when we need you the most? Have fun filling the printer with paper.
Don't let my daughter play, push my wife? Lose your friends respect.
Quit using paperclips or I'll charge you for every damned thing.
And over the bridge you go...
My brother cold cocked me because I got him to admit ("his method of") practicing Islam is basically brainwashing. I want sweet asskicking revenge that he won't blame me for.. Right sub? Thoughts?Well. He won't be opening my mail ever again
You really are a sick bully.
I'll be polite if you are.
Get me fired, I'll fuck your relationship up.
All the time in the world
Don't wanna work? Hope you enjoy getting a D!
Two can play at your silly game, little brother.
Hang up on me? Good luck getting a ride now.
"The plants did it!"
To my asshole work supervisor:
Cut me off almost causing me to cash. Then have the nerve to flip me off? Hope youre not busy for the next hour
Almost caused me to crash when you cut me off and have the nerd to flip me off? Hope you're not too busy for the next hour or so
Refuse my little brother service cause he can't speak, fuck you.
Honk at me? ME?
Deny me a shower? Then sleep in my filth!
Don't bother to clean your house and then kick us out, and then ask us for money to get our stuff? Well, I guess this Alf DVD belongs to me.
So, you wanna park like an inconsiderate jerk? Two can play at that game.
Douchebag spills his beer on my twice, he doesnt get to see Black Sabbath
Enjoy your graffiti-ed presentation, professor.
A creamy surprise for my heroin addicted boyfriend.
The small joys when working in retail
Raccoon revenge
"What do I gotta do to get a drink around here" ...not that
Be abusive to me when I tell you we're closed? I'll make sure you can't order from anywhere else tonight.
Be Wary Of The Frosties
Smartphone repair
calling me out
Petty shower revenge
Let your cat tear up my lawn furniture and plants? Have a free surprise trip to LA.
Take a dump in my storeroom and expect to get away with it? Well I have news for you!
Bully Roommate owed me $300 so I bleached her hair
My petty revenge on my cat
You're not getting away with that, oh no no no!
Zipcar troubles
Take a dump on the ground and expect to get away with it? Oh hell no.
Family Petty Revenge
Roommate files false police report, ends up having to leave apartment permanently
I'm wrong?!?! oh no no no no...
A tent for a tent... Or, the unsuccessful trolling of skanks.
Don't you rush me...or i might waste your time.
Snitch on me and get me grounded? Fine...
Go ahead, honk at me while I'm biking legally and at a reasonable speed. See what happens.
Let your child scream? I can scream louder
Fuck your chips
Ungrateful for making dinner? Loose the game.
Found my high school bullies homemade porno.
Annoying roommate gets gas lighted
HELP: neighbour threatened my dog, need revenge ideas.
Mess with my shortened sleep schedule? You will pay.
try to rush me? I'll make you wait another minute
You wanna treat me like shit? Here, have some shit then.
Teacher makes kid miserable, then fines her for a book that was returned. So I burn her life.
Showing customers who da boss is
Fart on me will you?
Want to talk loudly at me during my TV show? Enjoy my undivided attention.
Don't block my view just because it's the seventh inning
Two-for-one revenge.
Feel like stealing? Well, tit for tat.
I'll teach you to mess with my money
Gym hog and inadvertent revenge
Tell Me to Stop Knocking? Your Parents Will Think You're Troubled.
This guy stole my box of pop tarts and threw them on the floor
Enjoy playing Xbox in standard definition
Coffee Mate is for babies
Revenge is a piss-soaked pair of jeans.
You showed me your ass, let me show you mine.
Bully Neighbor
Apartment Parking Revenge
Give me space
Apartment Parking Revenge
Back up or I will
Enjoy your fucked up back
This is what happens when you use sex to get something from me
Don't park so close to me
Hillary Clinton and my ex-boyfriend.
Can't read? You can wait!
Popped her balloons at a Rihanna concert
Honking at me, huh?
What did the wall ever do to you?
Fuck you and your full length break, Patrick.
Youtuber has perfect petty on people peeing on his property
Wanna leave work early? Dont lie about it.
Lazy ass brother finally does shit
I need help from you r/pettyrevenge
Want to block me from getting to the gas pump?
Tale of vehicle repossession and non-specific gossip.
Retail Revenge
No, your dog cannot stay at my house.
Good Riddance
Yell at me in front of my friends to scam me out of money, I'll make you clean up my piss everyday for a month.
I wonder if she likes the way her blood tastes
Enjoy some bees in your car!
Using my license behind my back, expect losing more
Scream at me over your screw up? Have fun paying for it
Stereotype me based on my looks? No open door for you.
Petty porn...
I finally got the ultimate wheelchair pass
I used my biggest pet peeves against someone
Bloody Walls
Ask me again if I'm done yet...A-hole surgeon
Comcast Revenge
Dick Driver
visiting my friend through their community driveway (backdoor entry), but get harassed by their neighbor for "trespassing"
Apartment Management is Absolute Trash
The Sweet Taste of Cotton Candy
How's the salad dressing on your bagel?
My awful coworker.
Lame Girlfriend Revenge
Cafeteria person at my workplace
load-securing
Prison Healthcare
Petty Parking
You need to catch up!
Hope you find out who did that to you.
To the assholes spamming me dental emails, I have a business gift for you.
Disconnect my internet, have fun losing it.
You've been killing squirrels on your bird feeders for years before we moved in? Can't stop you, but it's about time you started dealing with the consequences.
They charge more for a Porsche
Not so much a singular event as much as it is is being petty, but...
It's only fair, right?
An opportunity for revenge 10 years later
Don't mess with my coworker
An opportunity for petty revenge 10 years later
Hope it's hard enough for you
Thanksgiving Revenge
That'll teach you!
Cut me off.. then I won't hold the elevator
Waste my time at the checkout line? I hope you didn't like those steaks.
soapy coffee
Driver won't let me switch lanes
Don`t be a jerk to me or you will be severely annoyed!
Work Revenge
Like to waste my time and cry about non issues?
hairdresser cow
She demanded I give her a wheelchair. I'm a jail nurse. We don't do "demands".
Ex Screws Me. I Screw Him Back.
Good luck getting that unemployment check
You call me, selfish and Mock me. fine from today I am selfish! hope you like it
Share your story
The old milk trick
Googly-eyed revenge: Part Deux
We are Dicksbymail.dom. We just added a Glitter option to our bag of dicks, because we're petty like that. What other petty revenge pranks do you suggest we add to our site??
Take advantage of my twin while he's blacked out? Prepare to have your treasured heirloom defaced, scum.
Someone used my email for an order online...
Got my wife for weeks to come
Revenge on someone who got on my nerves online.
I don't like your singing
So, you want my recyclables?
Take the time to buy your three-year-old goddaughter a present for Godchildren's day
So, you want to show me your ass?
Revenge in Retail
Throwing cups away
A revenge worth waiting six months for.
Your food is more important than mine because you're in a group? Enjoy the wait!
My constant petty revenge on tailgaters
I don't like your singing
Check your blind spots.
I don't like your singing
Girl rats on her brother for drinking a beer. Brother retaliates by scanning a page of her diary where she was describing what she did with 10 guys she hooked-up with. He posts the page on Facebook and he tags the 10 guys. Result: huge megalols (x-post r/pussypassdenied) [NSFW]
You want hygiene???
How my brother spent the summer without his Xbox.
There is a reason why you have a dent in your car.
Had this one brewing for a while
I'm gonna cost you postage and tchotchke!
Revenge at the DMV
The Spectre of the Dead Weight Lifer
Wake me up, huh?
Stuck in a Vodfone store for over an hour. Pity about your display tablets...
My mother is the Queen of petty revenge.
A boy and his camera
Psycho driver nearly caused a massive accident; got my revenge!
Snooty Neighbor Revenge
Interrupt my high-school field trip to be gross, enjoy being getting put on the teachers shit list.
Treat me like a lesser human and you get to pay more.
Teacher almost runs me over? Enjoy a mild disturbance to your classes for 30 minutes!
Take up too much legroom on the bus? Hope you don't miss your train connection!
No, i dont know when my shifts are mother
Tightwad to the bellman? Find an unwanted present after checkout.
I don't like your terrible singing
/X Post from r/funny
Lady and baby won't give me space
Don't annoy the pharmacist
I mean, she was obviously in a hurry so...
Band Revenge
Be a douche, lose your Pokemon.
Petty revenge is the best when they know they have to listen to you
Nosy Chinese people won't stop staring
A story I need to tell and get off my chest.
ex bf revenge
Make demands, let your food go cold.
Don't pull out in front of me.
Try to prank my teacher? Get outsmarted.
Petty Revenge - Thwarted!
Look At Your Phone While Stopped at a Red? You're Gonna Wait Another 2 minutes Now.
It's okay, I like pictures!
Don't belittle your subordinates
Decide to quit without a two week notice and on a no call no show?
Co-ownership spats
Belligerent and rude in the doc's office? Okay... you can wait a few extra minutes!Parking space man.
Liquids in trash revenge.
I'll make you five seconds late because of your excessive honking!
Double parking Jaggov
Being pretty against an entire country
It's nice to know powerful people
No marshmallows for you...
Bitchy coworker and the Christmas gift
Cup Revenge
Drive through lady
I like being clean
Choose to be lazy with your deposits, I'll take up both of our time.
Act Creepy In Church? I Ain't Shaking Your Hand
Do something in the form of a question? I'll commit revenge in the form of an exclamation!
My Cat keeps sneezing right on my face, so I've started to do the same to her if she's around
Help me out?
Petty airline revenge
Hurry up? HURRY UP? How bout I slow down?
Take my job? Take my butt plugs.
Whoops I killed the Wi-Fi
Petty cuddle revenge
You dump your work on me and convince our backbone-less boss to back you up? I'll get promoted and dump it right back because now you're one team member short. And you're still stuck with the awful boss.
If the customer before me was a bitch. I guess I should keep the ball rolling and be a bitch myself.
Petty Revenge Idea's Needed - Petty Neighbors
Racist jerk gets his comeuppance
Being trash doesn't exempt you from handling it
If you're rude to me, I'm going to charge you a $1 BS fee
See how you like it...
Twice Revenged
Teacher almost runs me over? Enjoy a mild disturbance to your classes for 30 minutes!
You're dirty, here are some roaches.
Art thief gets humiliated
Just a friendly wave
Lawn war
Don't want my help with a Pokemon Go project? Okay. Oh, going to abuse your power in a Facebook group? Okay!
The Christmas Gift
You think you can annoy me with your calls? Try me. Your now getting every. single. phone. call
You Made Me Lose My Antique Sword Cane...
Woman led me on and tried to humiliate me on social media. I had her publicly admit we had anal sex together.
Neighbors park only in front of my house.
Act like a jerk, enjoy your misspelled name.
You're dirty, here's some roaches.
Evil spirits - he's all yours!
Don't do your job? Enjoy my petty revenge!
Don't let me help you, then enjoy my pettiness!
Making a Fool out of the Fool
Pregnant at the movie theater...
Punched a dude in the face 3.5 years after he sexted my long-term girlfriend
Bitch Program Leader and the Christmas Gift
Rude camping neighbors
Make fun of me in front of your mom? Well I'm a homosexual now!
Dearest Bagel Thief,
Enjoy using the tissues at my desk?
Not letting me study? Fine, no kids or dignity for you!
Sleezebag trying to lowball me on my equipment's cost
My first room mate
Cyclists Should Obey Traffic Laws Too
Someone in my frat has been stealing my detergent. I hope discolored clothes look good on you.
Put my roommate in his place (eventually...)
My OCD SIL
Need something to eat? Have some of your own face.
Petty revenge as a valet driver...
Touch my Doritos, Lose your liquor
Don't sweep my own porch, huh?
Shitbag in a Honda
Revenge on a tailgater
Don't shout out of my car
Got a co-worker stuck in warehouse duty for a month.
Lets play "am I a cop"
Revenge on a Rude Driver
I can out obnoxious you
How do you become more attractive?
Feeling entitled enough to drive recklessly and run people off the road? Enjoy your new car smell!
Serious over reaction to a mild annoyance - very petty
HOA's Rent-A-Cop wants to tow my car? I'll call the real police!
Relentless Revenge on Ganker
My college bought my textbook... that I didn't even buy from them.
Right on red revenge !!!
Be gross to my friends and I at the bar? I'll text your mom.
Forgot my change? I'll hurt you in the mind.
Petty revenge on the mail lady
Enjoy my piano now
Piss in the bourbon
If you can be shallow, I can be petty.
Stupid tunafish lady
Relentless revenge on a ganker
"I'm parking in the VIP"
Set up whatever you like, I'm not playing along
Construction Next Door: Update
Tailing me when I am already going a decent speed?
I have a bitch for a coworker, these are a few of the petty things I've done to get back at her.
Petty revenge on a r/pettyrevenge commenter's petty comment.
Good luck getting that unemployment check
Two ignorant concert goers get a small taste of booger
Wanna be an asshole on the highway? Enjoy missing your exit.
Park on my place space? Keep looking.
My parents had enough of the neighbor.
Hmm, I didn't know you paid more for ice time?
Hope you enjoy your Ice Cream Sundae ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
BMW driver upholds the stereotypeNo tip? Enjoy your cleaning fee
Person driving like a tool on the highway..
Payback's a phlegmy bitch!
My uncle and his senior bank account.
Yeah, I got a tip for you....
Be a terrible downstairs neighbour? Fine, 1mbps internet for you!
Be rude and pushy at a crowded show, enjoy a wet foot
Tell me those are the fastest internet speeds available
Dressed up as revenge
Save 20 seconds, lose 5 minutes, b----.
Cleaning the shower
Enjoy your coffee :)
Take my seat in an empty restaurant, and then give me the stink eye when I 'interrupt' you for my iPad? Enjoy sitting outside with no fan
Unplug my phone to charge your laptop? Enjoy your flight!
Try to impress girls with pizza?
Roommate got drunk and puked on bathroom floor. Refused to clean it up.
Don't want to walk an extra 5 feet? Well now you have to!
Don't want to work hard ? I'll make you waste 20 minutes of your time.
Don't want to wait for pedestrians? Too bad.
Pokemon Go revenge.
Enjoy your destroyed bushes and plants. Try to retaliate enjoy living next to trashy neighbors.
Piss me off, I'll take parental block kid's channels.
Can't work without throwing my dish rack behind the ice-maker? Work without the dish rack. (Or, better yet, work with it physically locked to the dishwasher!)
Neighbor called the fire chief in this small town we live in...
Won't let me know I'm fired? Fine, you can't hire someone else.
Since it's so bad, just make your own.
How to piss off my neighbor?
Impatient jerk waits for nothing
Guilt me about listening to your music? I'll sit on the cords!
Buzz me with your bike
That time the petty revenge took care of itself....
Not in my gaming room #2.
Not in my fucking gaming room.
Lying to impress a girl is pathetic, but involving my friend is unacceptable.
I'll share this gem of my time in food services
[FIXED] Grade 2, 1985...
Suspended my phone line? Have fun paying for it.
Wanna race..?
When my farts were spicier than those of the Devil.
Want to drive through my neighborhood? Then don't speed.
Unnecessarily loud in the break room? Two can play at that game.
No parking spot for you
just, be patient
Lazy while I'm working? I'll make sure you have to work just a little more..
If you don't tip I will ruin your date
Last customer on my last day
My dog must read this sub
My DIY neighbour
Grade Two, 1985...
Don't piss off your bartender
You're lucky I only cut you off
Who wants a social security number or two?
iPetty
Enjoy my dog poop, neighbor.
The petty revenge of keeping your mouth shut is simply delicious.
Being consistently loud? Here's a reminder for you to shut up.
Oh, you're gonna cut us in line for Mumford &amp; Sons? Big mistake.
I need some advice for getting revenge against a thief.
Bad idea to end my marriage then park your car where I can get to it
Say goodbye to your bacon burger
Getting back at the Guy who tried to get with my girlfriend continuously for 6 months. Please help!
Stiff me on rent? Good luck filling my room without notice.
How to deal with obnoxious Christians
Living well is the best revenge
How to deal with a horrible neighbor?
Coffee Monster Coin Thief Revenge
Don't lie to me about my internet speed, jerk!
Act like a slum lord, I'll leave everything looking like a slum.
My AP Teacher Never Saw It Coming!
How I taught my 4 year old cousin not to kick people.
Question my work ethic because I have no large expense reports? Here's $25,000 in expenses.
Bridezilla Catering Rage
Cat fights and my petty revenge
The time my mother called the EPA on a neighbor.
Driver yells at me while I'm riding my bike.
Want to cause discomfort to my ex? Just bored out of your mind? Click here!
Bully me in high school huh? Let me talk to your family!
Playing Pokemon Go, and some Team Valor guys drive up and take control of my gym
Act like a lazy prick, enjoy being ripped off.
Construction Next Door
Park in our driveway and you'll get a show
Make fun of me for no reason at the bar? Alright, enjoy your DUI.
Sure, don't clean up after yourself...
Put your money in my hand like I'm a human being and not just a cash register!
Why don't you wear a jumper?!
Visitor takes my assigned residents parking spot, won't move it until "he's done".
The magic of duct tape.
Feel like harassing a girl every lunch? Enjoy your new hairstyle.
Tales of being a lifeguard
Getting back at my roommates dad.
I don't usually charge for the time.
Neighbor threw trash in my yard
Can't (or won't) stand up? I win, douchebag.
My boss sent me a bluntly worded email reprimanding me for not completing a task on time. The following week he made the same mistake so I copy and pasted the email he sent me, only switching our names. He cracked.
Biscuit-thieving bastard brother
Assistant Manager got too big for his boots...
Kindly stop littering!
Have fun with your other science experiment
I think my dog subscribes to this sub.
Fucker left me strandedA narcissist's worst nightmare.
Want help packing? Sure thing
The stop sign isn't a suggestion.
Don't mess with the guy who makes your smoothies
Revenge on a bank account faudster
Enjoy the poo water.
Don't give a crap? Here, let me donate one.
We've all had that landlord
"If you don't like it quit".....OK!
Tired of the HOA lady
Shitty tenant gets shitty internet.
The Flashing Flashlight
Be an impatient douche? Lose the last copy of your game.
It was only one minute.
No straws for you
Drunkenly yelling at a kid gets you KTFO (Long)
Don't talk to me? I won't listen to your requests.
Spam an ex
Neighbor never picks up trash after the can tips. Time I got some petty revenge.
Don't do your half the work? Here's a petty public note.
Try to ruin a friend's 4th of July BBQ? Enjoy a free salad garden.
Sister's Husband Was Abusive, As Kids, We Did What Little We Were Able To Get Revenge
what is the difference between /r/pettyrevenge and /r/regularrevenge
Revenge on a debit card fraudster
No exchanges? No problem.
Why are you yelling at me?
Clean the spit off your own window
Hope you like drinking Bananas
She didn't want to hang out with me anymore, so she stopped replying to me, blocked me, and didn't give me even a note. Do you know what I'm going to do?
This happened about a year ago, but I just found this sub, so here goes.
Carpark joy
Don't antagonize employees
Never contribute to the pot luck but always grabbing a plate?
No parking lot etiquette? No problem.
Oh you didn't know not to use the toaster eh?
Honking doesnt win you a good parking spot.
Stole my ex GF's dog
Petty revenge of a Lollipop Lady
Wake me up every night? I'm going to make it so you can't breath the air we live in.
The Tale of ID, Sunglasses and Angst
Don't say good morning to me after I say it to you? Have fun picking up garbage tomorrow morning!
Revenge is a bit tart
Make sure you really get it, Okay?
Petty revenge of a Lollipop Lady
That cart is pretty hard to push, huh?
Department store petty
Rude in a parking lot? Prepare to be space blocked.
Try to cut me off and tell me how the sand tastes.
Disgusting, rude roommate? Enjoy getting sent to collections.
Verizon just refunded me 8 dollars
You made my girlfriend cry, so kiss your internet goodbye
Sweet, sweet sound of silence
Sweet sound of silence
For all those early mornings you've scared the hell out of me.
You've got a lovely bunch of coconuts, but I've got avocados
The correlation between dirty dishes and dead plants
Disappearing Door
Housemate skipped rent and did a runner (long story)
How may I help you?
How about a nice walk home, huh?
No plastic bag for your laptop
Don't snap at me just because my opinion's different.
Won't clean your new kitten's shit all over the apartment?
Talk about me behind my back whilst I am in the toilet cubicle next to you? No problem. I'll just vomit all over your shoes. After all- we only did it because we were 'drunk'
Kick my seat? Have fun buying a new sweatshirt.
Bad driver gets what's coming
Happily sleeping and the phone rings
Brand new toothpaste
Really? Steal *my* office? Okay, dothead....
Wait your turn, please. Or at least ask me to be a bit quicker.
Found this on Instagram, thought you guys might like it
Waste my time, I waste yours.
Park in my assigned space? Now you have to re-adjust your mirrors.
How bad customer service led to me having clean shoes and getting a gift card for free.
Stiff me on trash day? I dare you!
Don't drive like a douche in your company car.
I Just Love The Smell of Wood Stain in the Morning.
Fuck you and your pizza
If I let you use my coffee don't abuse it
Million dollar manufactured housing
[Interactive] Cat Facts
Nosy neighbors get told off
Kind of a smaller one.
[META] Remember the definition of petty.
Don't be a bitch to the people who make your food.
Take up two parking spots?
BBQ turnaround
Park like a twit? Take the stairs.
War of the Neighbors
Your dog isn't what?
Small war of petty revenge between me and my step-brother
I wonder how much they'll jack it up if she doesn't pay on time...
Sweet sound of silence
Be a jerk in a video game?
They trapped me in the drive-through, so I made them wait while their food got cold.
I don't know if this would count as revenge but here's my story anyway.
My 6 year old niece bit my uncle, so he bit her back.
Claw up the stairs, huh?
Don't steal my jungle buff when I say I need it.
My ex gave out my number."Smoked" her with my petty revenge!
Hope you don't mind, but I buffed your door handle with my butt.
Neighborly pretty revenge.
I got stood up
I don't want to be smoking near you either
Let them eat NOTHING
My cat nipped my hand, so I farted in his general direction.
Cancel on helping me put in a fence you agreed to in order go to a weed celebration concert?
Crash your car into my property and run? Here is your tits on the internet!
Sweet sound of silence.
Want to be a nasty realtor? Please allow me to direct you to the proper department.
Don't drive like a douche in your company car.
Piddle Puppy Punishment
The Left Lane is for Passing!
Lie and lose your favorite DVD.
Get my account suspended...
Don't be a douche in your company car.
Don't be a douche while driving your company car.
Don't drive like a douche in your company car.
Don't drive like a douche in your company car.
Call it a Delivery Fee
Gonna fuck up the dishes? You don't get dishes anymore.
Eating can of tuna on public transport during morning peak-hour?? Well then, let me clear out my phlegmy throat and show you the goods in my handkerchief....
Just a little petty
Too busy playing the Sims instead of cleaning up after yourself? The wedding is cancelled.
Want to make me stay extra time at work? Payback's a slightly inconvenient irritation.
Be a shitty driver, get a lawyer scare
My dad decides to let everyone know the guy behind us is an asshole.
Don't piss off your tent-mates in a combat zone
My proud moment of sweet pettiness
Got fired from my job.
Fuck your bread
Road rage in traffic
Scam me for my items, enjoy your slow drift into insanity.
My Petty, Cheerful Revenge.
It's my only day off...
Sweet revenge, literally
My jukebox revenge
Try to tell me what to do in my own house?
Sister makes our mom cry - has to use laundromat from then on
Be a dick? Good luck finding the corkscrew.
Double park and take my favorite spot?
So I got fired from my job..
Take THAT, "Bill in Collections!"
You wanna make a personal meal in the middle of a rush? of course that's not a problem
Stick your nose in my face when I'm eating? Two can play that game!
Make me do your work? No coffee for YOU!
Lady on the plane
Out-dicking a stingy roommate. Suffer!
You've got mail!
Did you really eat the whole pizza? Expensing it forward.
Department store petty
Overload my section? Enjoy staying late.
Just a little petty
Jerk coworker is rude to an old lady because he wants to leave early.... I make him stay late.
I just like sharing with my neighbors.
I'm sorry, am I blocking your lane?
Be a jerk at the gas station?
Enjoy your salty soup from Mother Nature
Block my way and blow smoke in my face? You can wait outside a little longer
Just a little petty
New generation petty
Try to be civil at the bank if you are an alcoholic.
My identity thief is now getting 30+ spam emails per minute
Don't follow my rules? Enjoy your temporary insanity.
Eat my snacks? Prepare for revenge.
Throw your dishes in with mine? Good luck.
New generation petty
Oblivious driver:0 Me: 1 -- a tale of safe, petty driving revenge on the Fourth of July.
A little petty.
My Uncle the Indian Giver and the Gun
Roommate got boner while posing for pic with crush.
Take a joke too far? Joke's on you!
Hope You Didn't Want To Sleep
Hacked my friends facebook while she was AFK, now i have to share this with the internet.
Family on Facebook
An eye for an eye
Suspect me of being a predator? Now you can smell my dirty bag and pull the filthy pubes off your purse.
If you keep forgetting to put your dishes in the dishwasher, I'll 'forget' to wash your laundry.
Crybaby Slacker Coworker
That´s my spot
Just put them back where they belong dad
Going to bed mad...petty revenge
The Iron Price
A friend just texted me this.
Refuse to pay me, and refuse to honor our deal? Have fun with no wifi!!
Shitty friends man, shitty friends.
Denying line-cutter his food samples
Don't stop in to see your girlfriend? Go search for your page.
Regret
BLOCK MY ESCALATOR WILL YA?
Give me grief because I asked for your ID? Ooops, didn't see that coupon.
Want to keep telling me I'm doing my job wrong? I'll show you!
Steal from me? I'll take back my yard, thanks
Guy was jealous of me due to my friendship with a girl he was kind of seeing.... (long)
The Parking Fucker, has become the Parking Fuckee
Dexter Spoilers vs. Firefly Spoilers. A Petty Revenge 5 Years in the Making
Eat Dirt, Colonel!
The VCR that ended a 17 year friendship
Light off fireworks late as fuck every night this week? I guess you won't mind our loud noises then.Won't shut up when I have a headache? Enjoy the squeaks.
British uber driver takes up two spaces and gives me the finger when I ask him to move. I get my revenge!
I ate my roomates frozen thinmints
"Civilians are not permitted here!"
Want to splurge on yourself before paying for your financial obligations? Well have fun trying to use your new toy now.
How to make this guy's life a bit miserable?
Bad ex, now also officially known as a bad driver
Don't make fun of the cooks English
Try to force my car into flooding? Guess you'll be waiting.
Got even on my friend for throwing out my G&amp;T
Click your tongue at me? Enjoy looking at my butt for an extra five minutes.
Got some 'coincidental' revenge on some line cutters.
I deserved that
Try to swindle me out of money? Right back at you!
A Server's Nightmare
He just looks like the type...
Act like a jerk and I'll leave the door open
Got revenge on my primary school bully.
Bad roommates...getting even.
Selling food and letting someone else sit in my seat so I can't eat.
Don't want to replace the toilet paper roll? Then you have brought this upon yourself
You're going to fuck with the store's Cart Pusher? You're going to have to wait for me to finish some impromptu tasks then.
Don't let me into the lane eh?
Fuck you right back.
I hear your shitty rap music, Now listen to my Psy Trance.
If you don't respect your elders I will smack you in the face... sort of.
Wanna run on the squeaky elliptical? That's fine. Hope it's worth doing it in a sauna.
Wait for your food, don't be rude.
This one isn't the same as that one. Redo them both!
Damn kids hitting garbage cans!
That was mine!!
Be rude to me? I will call you ass!
The house is alive with the sound of heavy metal
A lack of action has consequences.
Revenge from Down Undah
Well, if you call several times I have to pick up eventually...
Roommate's problems? Turn off the router mid game...
Hope you weren't looking forward to your yearbook
Stingy client, take that red ink!
Fuck you right back.
Motherfucker Cut Me in Line
"Trust me, you need this."
Make fun of a cashier with a speech impediment? Enjoy some extra time in line.
I told you I am an atheist and don't want to go to church!
UPDATE - Little Buster misses his train
You want to share all of my private information with friends and family? Hope you enjoy having no information at all.
Petty revenge on a fast food worker for fat joke
(UPDATE) Little Bastard misses his train
Is your brother the kid who....
I got my ex girlfriend fired for trying to claim my own work as her own.
Try and save the spot then threaten to damage my car? Watch me give it to someone else.
My neighbors left their furniture in front of my apartment for days. Good luck with the smell.
Zumba Vs. Yoga
I Can Start Rumors Too
Petty revenge from my Mom!
I Can Start Rumors Too
Bully Roommate Gets Treated to a Fiery Inferno
Boss was rude, I get revenge for a team mate.
Tales from retail
Don't cut in front of everyone, lady!
Let your kids run around and shout in the art store? I'll make a new friend and make you late for your manicure in the process.
You wanna cut me off? Cool, I can do that too.
My roommate bought me chocolates for being a BAD roommate. Then proceeded to..
My girlfriend begged me to watch Game of Thrones, then proceeded to spoil it for me...
Teaching a 26 year-old table manners.
Public Transportation Revenge
Park like a jerk? Watch your back--if you can.
No. More. Parties!
Hound me with calls, scam me, then keep trying to sell me your shit? I'll waste your time and money.
Deadly assalt
A Dish Best Served Cold
K-Cup Courtesy.
oh I'm sorry were you sitting here?
Trying to squeeze in front of me in order to exit the tram first? Have a backpack to the face!
FedEx employee allergic to the 3rd floor
Rude patient? Sharp needle.
Parking Ramp
Snap at me? I'll waste your time.
Former underling catburglars keys, yet overly underestimates a little lady
Disobey the rule of the mountain? Enjoy your terrible pictures!
Don't touch my stuff
Take a handicap spot you don't need? Watch us struggle? Prepare for some extremely petty revenge.
You wanna be a complete asshole? Two can play that game.
Today you learned that Karma's a bitch.
Pettiest revenge I've ever done
Give me the dog you treated like shit, then want him back to breed him? Sure. Come and get him!
[X-Post from /r/ProRevenge] High-school Creep Gets His Panties In A Bundle
Bother Me at 6PM? Have Fun Waiting.
Don't want to work? Enjoy the traffic.
Neighbours and The Week of Noise
Read Receipts
Time Zones...
Touch my glass? No muffins for you.
The laziest hostess
Piss beer for the bully
Teenage Revenge on Bully
Congratulations, you played yourself (long)
Voted for Brexit because Immigrants? Enjoy Netflix the fascist channel.
Stop opening the garage door
Revenge spoilersDisturb me while writing an important exam? Then you will suffer.
Small victory for us band nerds. Probably my finest moment!
Don't do dishes? Don't get WiFi.
I'm fired?
You trim the trees, you pick up the branches
Karma Chameleon: Petty Revenge from the universe.
Slap me in 2nd grade get away with it? No.
No pie for your spawn!
You don't get to take two parking spaces because you drive a Mercedes.
Dickhead Mercedes driver takes two sparking spaces in a full lot...
When you only give 2-3 packets of sauce for an order that has 15+ items of food
Don't yield to me at a crosswalk? I'll cut in front of you at the door!
My last day at the restaurant...
Petty Revenge on Ostentatious and Careless Boss
Drive Safely, Folks
I'm Afraid The Young Man Is Dissatisfied
Don't interfere with my coffee
Dudley Dursley on a plane
Skip me? Sucks for you
This photo pit ain't big enough for the both of us
Scream at my fiance for throwing out your expired food? Enjoy your expired muffins!
Can't shut your pie hole? No aloe for you.
Having a party packing up my ex's belongings :)
Don't shove me into a locker and expect to get away with it.
Enjoy the view, asshole
You want me to do all your errands for you cause your ass can't be bothered? Sure...Just lemme collect a little compensation first.
Bus revenge.
Slow ride
Boss me around? Revenge be mine.
Don't harass people in company vehicles
If you're not going to keep things clean, I'm not going to let you watch Game of Thrones finale!
Too bright
Throw my sangria out? No drumstick for you!
Bathroom Cleanup
You're doing that too much!
Piss on my counter top? No chicken for you!
You aren't getting away Scott free after pissing on my car
Any good advice on retribution?
Enjoy your laundry.
Best Way to Beat a Bully? Scare Them.
I [24M] have been cheated on my girlfriend [23M] of 6 years. Thoughts?
Please see host for seating.
Shitty neighbors deserve shitty yards (literally)
This glorious bastard
Got two HOA board members removed from board because they tried to bully me
Got two HOA board member removed from board for trying to bully me
Revenge is best served cold
Your dad said no and you didn't listen? Not if can do anything about it
Mom is on STRIKE!
That futon will never be the same...
Keeping the light on when I'm trying to sleep? Try again
Honk at a dude in a wheelchair? Enjoy a petty little note.
Long Term Petty Revenge...
If we don't get to see the stage, neither do you.
Oops, are those sheets too hot?
Pick-up, aisle 3!
Oh, sorry, did I throw that away?
Not today gainz goblin
Mosquito bit me so I sucked it up a vacuum
Cut us off in the parking lot will you?
Brother Shot At Me With A BB Gun
Rude and angry woman lacks respect and is surprised when there is a response.
Sister is judgemental... time for some petty revenge.
Neighbor liked to play the drums...
My neighbor can't put their bin back after collection
My fathers petty revenge; late night partiers while we were camping, he had fun.
My SO and I got into an argument in the car today and she said something kinda petty
Eat Concrete, Jerk!
Revenge on a TV remote "hog"
no game for me? no, no game for YOU.
Enjoy a good cat-spam?
Using my socks to my advantage
Put your cart in the corral, ass hat.
The day I left my coworker in another city. (x-post from /r/self)
Thanks for cleaning up.
Petty Politics
Sour Kisses
Whenever I have to watch a Youtube advertisement that I can't skip, I mute the volume and go read the comments until it is finished
Act like a chump? I'll make you look like one
Oh annoying neighbors...
April Fool's at 4:00 AM in the morning
College Roommate Revenge
Petty Revenge with Whipped Cream on Top
Lost a bet, getting my nails painted.
I just quit my depressing job today... Text boss 10 minutes before shift
You think you can steal my peppermint patties, bitch?
Taco Bell Employee Gets A Scare
Choke on my shit
kingdom hearts
Smartass
Not revenge but petty all the same.
conference call the telemarketers
Not so much revenge but karma. Still sweet.
steal my pizza? ok.
Welfare fraud neighbor judges me for cannabis use. I quit my medicine so she can see what PTSD is really like.
Don't fuck with me when I need to shit.
She Cut Me in Line So I Threw Up in Retaliation
Petty cleaning revenge
Truck driving revenge [victims perspective!]
Petty revenge on the trainThis is why I don't tell people who I know or who I am with
Yes.
Don't Even Bother Trying
What goes around...
Revenge is best served cold
Don't handle a cancelled flight well? It's going to cost you.
"Trust me, you need this."
Wait your turn shithead
I think I am a victim of petty revenge...
My roommate really enjoys his cookie dough ice cream.
Not serve me coffee will ye?
Don't Involve Me In Your Petty War
Simply Petty
Are you going to talk loudly on the phone in the library during finals, well be prepared to be shamed for it.
And a side of herassment, please
I make good on a promise
No Touching
I need some help with a storytelling radio show confessional idea
"Trust me, you need this."
The bully.
EXTREMELY PETTY REVENGE on sister in law
Loud party until 5am? Enjoy the pack howling.
And A Partridge in A Pear Tree
"Good luck getting in your car"
Ex-boyfriend is moving out in a few weeks and moving in with a girl.
A clash of cultures at one end of the world.
Bother Me at 6PM? Have Fun Waiting.
I feel so great now, take that Steve!
cold hands.......warm heart?
You know, not everyone wants to hear your sexcapades...
Petty inflight revenge.
Princess the housemate
Petty pool day destruction
2 Scoops UPDATE #4: Here We Go Again...
Dirty Computer Screen
Petty retail revenge
Steal my WiFi and likes GoT ? Enjoy the Spoiler
Be an annoying prick behind the wheel, twice? Enjoy your realignment cost.
My petty revenge turned full blown evil
Be a rubbish teacher? Have fun marking!
Revenge on an asshole driver
i hope it tastes like regret.
Sister's plans to take my clothes gets derailed.
Am i being petty in this situation??
Make my mum cry - you'll be doing your own loundry from now on!
2 Scoops UPDATE #3: Insult to My Intelligence
Steal my stuff then act like we are friends? I don't think so.
Rumble Strip Revenge
Make me pick up your slack at work? No Starbucks for you!
3 for 3 ouster
Revenge on a self-proclaimed "gourmant"
Of Trash Runs and Dirty Tables
You can't just make fun of one of my favorite books like that!
Time to grow up
The mods kept removing my post - so I unsubscribed from /r/pettyrevenge
The mods kept removing my post - so I unsubscribed from /r/pettyrevenge
Teaching a kid a lesson to respect his mom.
Pennies on the dollar
Teaching kids a lesson to respect their parents.
Boyfriend pisses you off? Piss in the bath.
Spoiler Alert
Cheaters never prosper
Good luck ordering, asshole.
Make my brother cry? I'll sit on you.
Ideas on how to get revenge on an identity thief?
'You're calling from the school, aren't you?'
Everyday petty revenge gets even better...
Glad the Cat Liked YOUR Burger.
Raise a scene in a theater, get the applause you deserve
Rude lady didn't like my natural speaking voice, so I used it as "naturally" as I possibly could
Pumped Up
Those in glass houses should not throw the stones.
Taking candy from children
Poor Sportsmanship Repaid in Kind
Hope you like cold food.
A friend spoiled Game of Thrones for me, so I built an app to spoil it for them right back
I orchestrated a situation where my bully had to listen to 20 people tell her she was garbage to her face while she was unable to say anything back.
Try and Illegally overtake me? Get hit by a bus then.
Don't piss off your brother when he has control of the network.
Computer Dealer Ripoff Revenge
Enjoy your food
2 Scoops UPDATE #2: The Rent-ening
Wanna tea bag me? That's fine. Just remember the golden rule!
Enjoy snorting my piss Mr. Ex Boss
Remember me, Dad?
1st Post Ever ASHTRAY THIEF
Would you like some chocolate milk?
Be a bitch of my sister my entire life? I'll be a good one.
French tourists in a plane being obnoxious.
Be obnoxious and trashy all the time? Enjoy your garbage not being picked up
Revenge on the captain and his girlfriend
Petty jealousy in a relationship
No tip, no ending
crazy ex at work
So disappointed in myself
You want to mess with my food? Have fun doing dishes by yourself.
Jimmy John driver's last ride
You won't let me use a table in an empty restaurant for 10 minutes? I won't be buying lunch there today, or ever again.
Petty Yearbook Revenge
I'll Stream it in 1080p if I like!!Regarding the Brother - a saga of petty sibling revenge
"Park like an ass, expect to be treated like one"
Honk at me when the light turns green? Enjoy this block, it's your view for a while.
Don't beep the horn at me because you tailgated me at a red light.
So I get bored on long trips.....
I am not your sun screen.
Strike three, you're out.
How to deal with shitty housemates
Take turns at a stop sign
Now who's King of the grapes?
Don't pay your web developer? Hope you like your farty website
Sweet jiggly revenge on the London Underground
You have no right to my spot
Cat's revenge
Get your bike stolen, then
Tall jerks at a concert.
My Slob of a Roommate
Throw out mail, get mail thrown out
ABOUT 5 YEARS AGO, GIRL TRANSFERS FROM ANOTHER STORE.
Don't obey traffic laws? I'll waste your time.
Applejuice
Use my fridge like it's your own? I don't think so.
No sleep make Homer go something something...
Just one drink
Ongoing petty revenge
Waste my time with "prizes"?
Late night roommate revenge
Incredibly petty revenge against an ex boyfriend
Take that, Old Jaded Coworker.
Rotten kids in the apartment above
Fake a call to the cops on me? I squeak my floor at you
You know how some people at a big store with a parking lot where douche bags sit for a spot to open while cars are waiting behind them?
The rather noisy neighbor who sounded like she was in a bad porno
Dear Husband, you drank the soda I put in the fridge to get cold...
Find My iPhone
Your GF uses my cups, no ramen for you!!
I dealt with a rude customer today.
REQUEST: Help me get back at my roommates for using all my toilet paper
Dormmate decides to be an asshole, gets scared shitless.
Perry revenge
You want to throw your nasty uneaten food in the sink for me to deal with? Ha.
Asshole bugs
No hope? Enjoy yourself.
You'll remember this face!
No hope? Enjoy your night.
A doctor's petty dig at lawyers
The (Petty) Revenge of Mombie
Are you enjoying the calls lazy ass?
Don't fuck with me on craigslist
Park behind me eh?!
Block the closer parking lot while you're waiting in the drive thru, eh?
Don't be racist
Robin Hood
Cold Revenge
My neighbor always parks in front of the stop sign, blocking most of the intersection. He got what's coming to him.
Obnoxious Coworker Gets Blessed By The Petty Fairy
Manage like poop, you gonna clean poop.
Don't steal my leftovers.
Can't be curious and patient, HAHA now you wait for me.
If you make Swedish furniture store an even more hellish process then you may go home with the wrong screws
In a company car? Really?
You want bread, bitch?
[META] Can we get a tags for short, medium and long posts like at TIFU? I think it would be useful.
Flash your highs at me? You can wait a bit longer.
Commuter train cell phone douche-bag
That'll wipe the smile off your face.
Middle aged lady cut me in line
My sister lost at her own petty games
Not in a hurry
You Cannot Haz.
Coins
No YouTube for you!
Hurry For You? I think not.
Enjoy your pickle.
Enjoy Your Cold Nugget
I hope your latte's finally hot enough!
They be tripping
Today a co-worker didn't show up. I stole her gum.
"Anything BUT the earliest flight.."
She tricked me out of my computer so i took her bus pass.
The grass is always greener, isn't it?
McPetty
Don't want to clean common areas? Enjoy your filthy living room!
Some guy freaks out on my dog and me.
If you're going to be lazy, don't leave behind more than just your work for me to do...
Stupid neighbour playing loud music all hours of the night
As they were increased, so they sinned against me: therefore will I change their glory into shame.
YOU CANNOT HAZ: A coworker story
Delicious revenge against the neighbourhood brats.
Don't mess with my Grampa.
Mess with me and I'll turn up the heat
Hostess petty revenge.
Crazy ex-gf + military police = revenge? you be the judge
I want to see my child.
The pen is mightier
Trashy shoplifter in the store was in the lineup and making stupid comments about me.
Store clerk gets her way [x-post from TIFU]
To all click bait news stories...
I tried to petty revenge my boss. It backfired.
You want the dog all over? You can HAVE the dog all over.Mirror mirror on the wall, who's the stupidest of them all?
Parking spot revenge
Minorly Inconvenience Me? Expect the Same in Return
I hope you enjoy your iPhone. You're going to be so impressed with the battery life.
Tifu by shitting
I work for an order line
Dont eat my food!!!!
Creep Sous Chef Have Fun in Mexico (Karma is a bitch, and I'm going to pimp that bitch out)
Hope you like rotting ham sandwiches.
Avakin Life Hack 2016
Email revenge
Apps
sisterly love
When I told my girlfriend "I love you" for the first time
Sometimes it pays to be a smoker.
Not me but a co-worker...
"It's only food"
2 Scoops UPDATE: Spicing Things Up!
Soft win against overly-competitive co-worker
I hated my last company so I bought a single share of stock before I left.
And you wonder why your controller broke.
Glare at me during a movie? Feel the wrath of my sandals
Why doors should be locked...
Sticks and stones may lead to your spa party being ruined.
Every dog has his day...
Manipulate me into changing your colostomy bag? Have the worst sandwich of your life.
Karma Karma
Come to my Home Dropzone and act like Skygods? Nope.
Racist wedding planner gets schooled on facts
Stolen elevator comes with a price
Block me in? Enjoy your ticket
Why my brother uses toothpaste:
Don't steal my table
My petty revenge made an annoying coworker quit.
Nathan for you
Be a hypocrite? Enjoy your mush?
Demand special treatment. You will get less.
Keep littering at our bus stop? Guess I'll have to embarrass you in front of your family.
Just snitched on this guy, cops are on their way lol (link in comments)
Rude to a widower? Have fun waiting in the parking lot.
Grumpy people don't deserve cake
This is ongoing, the endgame was/is today. If updates become necessary later, I'll update.
Assume I'm a bitch? Get hit where it hurts.
Hotel Revenge
Bitch bettah have my suppah!
Take 2 parking spots will you....
Hit 'em where it hurts - their ego
After my ex-girlfriend slept with my "best friend" I changed her Netflix account from English to Mandarin.
Noodles aren't vegan
Honking as the Light Turns Green
Call me an asshole, and I'll be an asshole.
Torturing your children with food.
An eBay buyer scammed me. I have his name and address. How do I get my sweet sweet petty revenge?
Bath time revenge
Sit in my seat? Cheat off of me? NO.
I hope you're late now tailgater.
Be rude to women? Feel my petty vengeance.
They Both Get Revenge. One Clear Winner.
enjoy the diarrhea
Think because you're in a fancy car you can be a prick? Get delayed 1 min.
Say goodbye to your movies and shows!
A guy parked in my slot. I had to park in the next slot. My bike got locked by security for wrong parking. He left peacefully. I want to teach him a lesson that he should never forget. Ideas please.
What's wrong with your electronics?
Enjoy your WiFi asshole...
I have the heart of a small boy....
Be a dick, get a dick
Butter boy
I dare you to ride your money..
CS:GO Pettiness
Petty revenge from my distant past. Long one, but lots of drama. Also, hello! New to the sub.
The (Petty) Revenge of Mombie
Waiter gave me shit for wanting to split a check 2 ways
I Downvote Flakes
Wait your (wrong) turn, snowflake
Size doesn't matter.
Petty revenge on the wife
Scamming a Scammer
Scamming a Scammer
Good luck seeing out of your passenger mirror.
If my roommate finds out what i did, he will try to kill me.
Hi! I'm just going to stay in your hotel anyway...
The pettiest of revenges (sorry for similar title to the top post right now)
Douchebags put their volleyball court on our beach
Requesting ideas for petty revenge against shitty roommates.
Pee flavored toothbrush and cup
Clean up your trash, maybe
Refuse to help with housework? Have fun washing all your kids dishes
When you lie to your boss, keep it off social media
Unintentional petty revenge tastes sweet and fizzy.
My roommate likes to have loud sex. [NSFW] I take the pettiest of revenge.
If my roommate finds out what i did, he will literally try to kill me.
Good luck cooking &amp; have fun going commando
Petty Parking Revenge
Bag punches back
You're obviously not in a hurry
I'm suddenly in less of a hurry
Beware the Revenge of the Early Riser!
Steal my drinks all week? Enjoy my sack sweat
Keep putting the gross hand towel on my towel and I'll keep reminding you...
Be a shitty roomate, get shitty water pressure.Use my towel again and see what happens.
Need Some Help With a Douchebag
Instant Landlord Revenge.
Here is my answer, robocalling bastards
Sorry someone died but could have been us..
Enjoy your messy hands.
About to Rage Quit
Make your own lemonade? Then no dessert for you.
The Long Con- Bestie sleeps with long term BF 3 weeks after we break up, I make her ugly.
Better towels
Explorer for sale/ Darwin's License Inception
The cream puff miscount
Hit on my girlfriend? You have no idea who you're dealing with.
Hypocrisy of University Religious Protester is Revealed
It was just $5...
when I called my mom out on her bullshit
Ignore my work orders for broken air conditioner in 90°+ weather if you want to.
Threatening jerk from Craigslist
/r/pettyrevenge hits 200K subscribers
Coffee thief will have to get his own coffee from now on, but first I'm feeling kind of thirsty...
Sure let me pencil you in!
Sound guy messes up my band's mix, so I mess up his mix
Didn't get hired again for summer job
Another Airbnb petty revenge on filthy friend of my business partner
Petty revenge is best served with brunch
Each honk means 5 mph slower.
Make snide remarks? Alright then.
Girlfriend is forced to walk the extra 30 steps upstairs.
You honk as I'm driving? Enjoy waiting.
I'm not going to wait, but you are.
Send me terrible emails and stab me in the back?....No pen cap for you.
Don't be that drunk who hits on my friend's fiancé, I'll make you regret it.
Crouching Mouse, Hidden Jarate
My 10 minutes of petty revenge with a tail gater
The Drive-Thru Saga of 'Greg' and 'Toby'
Super Spot Saver
I'm probably a terrible mother.
Unexpected showers in the forecast.
Ignore your significant other? I'll do the same.
I'm not going to wait, but you are.
Mock me and give me a hard year at work? Enjoy crumby granola bars.
Bad teacher? Enjoy pet peeve assignment
You wanna be a dick during rush hour in public transport in NYC
No ice cream!
Petty Revenge at the Dog Park
Don't mess with the ink master or there she blows!
Keep us awake again bitch.
Summer Camp Payback
Inconsiderate Parking
Lana Del Reyvenge
Faggot Brother in Law was a dick. (LONG)
Don't mess with Mama
Please don't call again
Hog the computers? Enjoy shitty bagpipes!
Malicious compliance, video, and retraining by district manager for Victoria Secret Manager who made up some new policies because I refused to sit silently while he was on a power trip
Lana Del Reyvenge
Future - Low Life ft. The Weeknd
Think before you act
The story of a guy who got tired of some stupid co-workers and how he went out in a blaze of glory (A bit long)
Group of grumpy old people glared at me, so I left them with a raunchy fart
And that's how you teach a kid manners...
Thanks for paying for my lunch!
Enjoy the Thunder From Above
An unexpected shower
Fast food has made me petty.
Petty revenge on the subway
A year long battle
My flatulent response to robocalls
This is great.
The best revenge is all in the timing
Petty Puerto Rican Revenge
My husky was being extra annoying today...
Don't call me back after an interview? Enjoy your business's new bad review and low rating.
Trick me into filling out your surveys?
Childish Petty Revenge
Played the time game with boss
Friend's mom loses it on me for using her decorative soaps. I get revenge by stinking the place up a bit.
Petty revenge against a passive-aggressive roommate.
Telemarketers
Stealing my limited time with my GF? Not on my watch
Won't let me park my car? Enjoy paying for the wheelie-bin!
Pancake parking ticket
Little Buster misses his train
Spam with the manager's email? Goes straight back to him.
Nike changed rules of their coupon, so we screwed them out of 2k sales in one day.
I hear silence can be uncomfortable
Be an asshole rat and a relationship wrecker? Good luck getting cast. :)
Be loud and obnoxious while I'm playing with my friends? Enjoy your "glitchy" of Internet!
Be a parking nazi? Enjoy removing my garbage.
Don't piss about
Two Scoops, Please!
Yell in the theatre? Have fun missing your movie
Have fun finding your shoes now
Be nice
Downvoted, lets share the love
Speed Bump versus the Body Kit.
Hostel + Alarm = Petty Revenge.
That'll teach you, smug prick
I sign my ex up for giveaways/sweepstakes.
Play loud music to disturb the neighborhood? Listen to my car alarm.Revenge is best served stinky!
She told on me, so I broke her new nails
The tale of the Roommate who messed with the wrong doormat.
Push in front of me on the train and I'll stand between you and your husband.
No early holiday for you
Be rude to me after I make you dinner? Enjoy your lack of internet.
Terrible Employee and "Friend" Asks Me To Be A Reference
Operation TS
Steal my pencil and act like im the annoying one? Enjoy waking up at 3am on Saturday!
Rev your motorcycle next to my kid, i'm "Sorry"
Another round of golf? Enjoy the dog smell!
Keep sending those bills, fools
Don't crop dust the master, grasshopper.
"He Hasn't been working here very long has he?"
Ignore me at work will you?
Wait a minute, I have brights!
That will take three days. [Xpost from r/MaliciousCompliance]
Clean up 45 mins early? You can clean up my sandwich too.
spit spitipiti spit !
No Tacos for Jockos
The "wet" family around the corner.
I am a police officer and I got a paper cut from my ticket book...
Take MY spot in bed, I'll show a dog who's alpha...
need help with an inbox spam revenge!
Take photos during the show? Yeah... No.
Rude lady gets what she deserves
Guess who's parking by the trash cans now, bitch.
racist shopping cart
Make me pay for a required headset? How about you pay for it?
Walk out of the 'in' door will you?
Operation Thundershit
Lost a bet, Now I have to learn about Nail Polish
My tour bus was parked-in
Spit Valve: A Petty Revenge Story
Recline your seat in my space? Enjoy a could scalp
Rude callers are transferred to hold limbo forever...
Roommate pretends she's poor so I'd give food to her then starts insulting me after I tell her no? No food for her, then.
It's my book now :)
Hope you like the smell of grass
You don't want to help unless you're getting the sale? See how you like this!
Shitty roommate gets what she deserves
This location doesn't appreciate teachers.
Keeping it cool
Unnecessary Honker Gets What's Coming
If you make your schedule MY schedule, I'll make YOUR schedule mine as well
What I think of y'alls 'minimum purchase' rule
Can you please clear your papers so we can eat?
Cashier revenge
I'm a host on Airbnb and after offering a refund outside of policy guest was a dick. So I was too.
1 week left, looking for ideas
Petty Revenge Best Served Late
IRS scam and how I made them internet famous
I hate group projects
My parking spot
Trichotillomania
You have set off the fire alarm for the last time...
The Sweetest of revenge
The lane ends, asshole.
My friends embarrassed a kid who left me a hate note.
Sicked the missionaries on an ex
Boyfriend (now husband) farted on me as a joke
This isn't necessarily a story on revenge, but could you guys help me create one?
Not My Mess
She ignored me so I told her I was her supervisor
I know you've been stealing my ice cubes.
Unwanted dick pics turned into greatest revenge
From Mr nice guy to IDFAK boy..
From Mr nice guy to IDGAK boy..
Any ideas for getting back at loud, upstairs neighbors?
What I do when my SO throws a childish strop.
Don't mess with my friends
Enjoy a lower grade in your class
Your stereo won't let me sleep? Fine, you'll live in the dark.
Oh, you think our stereo is too loud?
Airport queue cutters
Ten dollars in the tin
Petty revenge against our waiter who thought we were poor
Nightshift neighbor who loves to rev their car
Endanger your dogs because of laziness? Let me stick it to you!
Locked a jerk in the bathroom
Call me a fag, jokes on you!
Toothbrush smells like a$$
Toothbrush smells like ass
Fuck you Walmart.
Self B.S. with no revenge.
2 months of glorious petty revenge.
Revenge on a rude teacher
Sorry Mrs. Drives-Like-a-Jerk, lawyers really are allowed to fire their clients
My "partner" failed his final biology project.
Girlfriend has salty drink
So I'm wasting my life but you are with that attitude of yours?
Jump seats and be obnoxious and rude while I'm trying to enjoy my concert for my honeymoon? Enjoy me making your experience miserable!
Sure, I’ll keep my music down. No Problem.
You break my toy, I'll break your bike... a little bit.
No money for me, no wine for you
Fuck you and your TV
Not your doorman
Driving like a loony? Not round here!
Tell me I'm going to hell for working on the Sabbath?
Scare me so bad I fall down and bruise my tailbone? Prepare to feel my wrath.Vengeful Waiter
hope you like moist beans
They thought I wasn't good enough to eat in their restaurant...... I proved them right.
Sorry, I sell them I don't buy them
Enjoy being uncomfortable!
Ignore me when I tell you not to put your card in. Have fun waiting for the till to "unfreeze"
Want to be petty on the bus? This isn't my first rodeo, lady.
Don't screw with the designated driver.
Send me a dick pic? I'll tell your mom.
Husband gets sandy beer and really clean clothes.
Now You'll Know
Have a nice cup of tea!
He slept with my girlfriend.
Ex GF Voicemail from when she was found cheating.
To my dear friend, asshole.
Be a terrible coworker? Get less tips.
Want to pretend to be a dummy, well no cruise for you.
All the potato salad
Revenge of a bus driver
Boss won't defend me, he can deal with dirty balls
Got a cop to ticket an idiot on a bicycle this morning
Don't want to see my friends, you won't see yours.
Guilt trip me and I will fail you
Enjoy your overpriced and squashed fruit!
Good luck, Steve.
No blessing for you!
A lie for a lie
Make up a rule for work and then not abide by it? Yeah, no.
Back it on up
REVENGE ON MY COP CALLING NEIGHBOR
Take that, electricity company
Slipping and sliding
She tried to break up my friends’ relationship
Label maker fun
Sweet revenge?
Scaring and electrocution
Who wants to see my ex girlfriend naked?
No brownies for you.
I locked your door for you
Make fun of me for having a hobby?
Have fun looking for your shoes
I have enough patience for both of us.
Semi-Speed
Hit 'em where it hurts.
Have fun connecting all the things
Revenge on a cheating asshole
Because it's not nice to see you...
That's some hot stuff
No, no. I don't think we'll be using THAT kind of language here.
"have fun" being bored at work
The merger who couldn't
Barely passing my class and skip days of optional work? Heh...just wait until you fail your final....
Change as a weapon
Sorry to be *so* distracting
No change for you!
Refuse to let me stop doing what I hate at work, enjoy being called over every 5 seconds
My cousin used my car to get White Castle for everyone but me
What a Dip!
Won't log off? Enjoy your now deleted files
My time is your garbage
HelloFresh wouldn't stop calling me
Woman pays in change only to give to charity
Stop in the middle of our route to eat a sandwich?
Housemate gets an unexpected mouthful
Make fun of my friends? Enjoy losing 30 minutes of bonus exp
Enjoy your wait.
Be an asshole to me and your coworkers? You can miss the conference finals.
Former owners' mail
Throw something at me? I'll sick the cops on you
Book Cover Revenge - a followup
Bratty SIL demands my mother's ashes, I give her fireplace ash
Dip it in pee.
Get Lost Loser
Eavesdrop on our private conversation? Enjoy a fake 'Game of Thrones' spoiler.
Sorry. I lost it.
Cut me off in the parking lot?
The pettiest of Tupperware revenge
My cousin was an asshole, so I got her back for it.
This isn't petty this is savage
You're no exception, and don't have any right to park on my private spot.
Housemate gets an unexpected mouthful
Kids in the parking lot.
Mess with my laundry will you?
Airline Employee Pt. II
Let me rid you of that junk...
Front doors and an annoyingly clueless roommate (minor revenge).
My brother messed with my electronics, so I messed with his
Tailgater
It wasn't the revenge I wanted... it was so much better
Enjoy your lower grade.
Act like a jerk to me and i'll slightly inconvienience you.
Patience is a virtue.
Be a bitch about $20? I'll give you something to be a bitch about
Enjoy your food
Bad parking job
No ginger for you.
At least I'm not the one exploiting horses while sitting on a high one.
Shitbag Chronicles part 2.5 ASCII Goatse
Probably went unnoticed by my teacher, but that's what makes my revenge even more petty.
Playfully tease me for organizing random items on the table again, I dare you.Cut me in line and not tip? I'll tip and get my order first.
New Subreddit you folks may be interested in
Now I sleep with two kitties
So my brother stepped on a lizard....
Round my bills up? Enjoy more work
Petty revenge for a petty bar owner.
Apartment Parking.
Use cheats to kill me in a video game because I'm injured and slow? Enjoy redoing the entire level.
Bar D-Bag!
Don't offer me tea? I'll grab your nuts.
Passive aggressive for passive aggressive
Can I get you some tissue?
petty gets got
Wave me out of the way with your finger? Here comes the luggage train.
Dog hitter
Just how hairy is his....
IS got what was coming.
Drink my water? Drink my waste.
If I say I can't break a $100 bill, don't fight me
Phone vendor gets more calls than he wanted
Bully me the entire year? Get a faceful of porn infront of the teacher.
Passive Aggressive Flatmate #1
Abuse your power against a cashier just to get some smokes? Don't think that I'll let it slide!
Made a pervert turn white
Be a lazy slob? Enjoy manual labor all weekend
My roommate keeps loudly cooking a second dinner at midnight...
1...cut a hole in the box. 2...take a dump in that box
I got My Roommate's Money's Worth
Want to pretend to be a slow person and be lazy. Fine you are going to a special camp.
Want to pretend to act like a slow person and be lazy? Fine, you are going off to camp.
You cheat, I take away most of your Netflix access.
Make me drive an hour and throw me under the bus??
Be A Slob? Enjoy Manual Labor All Weekend
Take my beer? Well I'll make it difficult for you.
Rudeness Entitles You to Strange Looks
Cheat on me? Say hello to me everyday
Butt in line? Enjoy your slow service and wrinkly shirt.
Suck Up Bandwith? Have a MAC block
Petty sandwich revenge
Make me drive an hour AND throw me under the bus? MUUHAHAHA!!
He screwed himself.
Now everyone can see how much of a fuck-up you are.
Car keeps getting broken into. Left them a present.
Sneak your clothes into my dryer? Don't worry, I'll protect them
Parking Wars
Steal my croissant? Get shamed.
Sorry for my bad aim...
You Can't Beat the Hivemind
Friend was being an asshole at McDonalds.
You don't want to follow the process? I'll follow it to the letter then.
LPT: never fuck with someone who has your phone number... unless you want to get subscribed to Cat Facts for the next 12 months
Douche bag neighbors in a college student apartment are shooting my and everyone's windows with airsoft gun. What should I do? Revenge?
Hot headed hot head.
Don't say sorry or please?
Help me finalize my revenge, might just be worth your while :)
Neighbours want to pick a fight, we make them pick up litter
Wherein I reverse the race card on the player.
Brother exacts his revenge on our mom
Asshole behind me wouldn't stop honking
Supposed-To-Be-Sweet-But-Actually-Spicy Surprise
Slow Down!
Short and sweet petty revenge
it's fine, keep the $20.
Girl was in a hurry Murphy's law sought some sweet justice.
Respect the crosswalk
Rude customer always pays in handfuls of change. Not anymore!
Completely ignore my request? Okay then.
Completely ignore my request? Okay then.
At least some part of me is going to get a treat today [short]
No door to door service? Now you wait
Use up my supplies? I'll make you wait for yours!
You want to take a creepy photo of me? Fine, see how you like it.
Pretentious Parking Job
In Which I (Hope) I Helped His Girl Dodge a Bullet
Bitch rants about my tip cup, I give her a scoop less popcorn.
Careful how you park
When a sales company wont stop calling and pretends to be phone bots.
Should have listened to the airline employee...
A fight between my sister and I ends... well... You'll see.
Petty revenge on my friend during a long trip.
Petty revenge against a biscuit stealing stranger. With a twist.
"Make me coffee, now."
My Douche Neighbor's Argument.
Throw around some homophobic slurs? Remember a key next time, you can stay locked out.
Poor service
Spell my name wrong? I'll show you.
I cant think of a snazzy title
Act like a bitch for loaning you my car? Here's all your garbage, just like you asked.
Laundry sharing gone bad.
Pee on Toilet Seat
I am doing EXACTLY what you told me to do.....
Rude customer was 7 cents short.
Delicious revenge on airport parking asshat
Bus driver helped me get petty revenge.
Park like an arsehole and I'll park like an arsehole too!
Guy got into my eBay acct and tried to buy a phone. Dumbass never deleted his shipping info from my acct...
Just dont be an asshole, why is that so hard to understand?
I hope you like warm water!
The nerd and the straw boss
Still getting my revenge and they don't even know itDon't be a slut Anne
Take my tires? I take your whole bicycle.
Dancing can lead to some shit.
Clean enough for you?
I'm a state house tour guide.
Sorry the office is too "messy"
I think not.
How to start a 3-year long feud
High pitch sound in the office.
Buying clothes and getting judged
IT in the Army
This isn't my story saw this and thought it belonged here. crosspost from /r/Imgoingtohellforthis
Worst customer in town
sales showdown
Take care of your own equipment and dont blame the techs.
Decaf... Forever
Use the world as your ashcan? Fine, two can play that game.
Don't talk shit to your ride UPDATED
Nerd almost hit my car, so I cut him off &amp; he got rear-ended
Oh, but I DID do shit.
The classic laxative revenge
Leave me a bad tip will you?
LinkedIn bought my favorite news app and destroyed it.
I have perfected the art of breaking up with my exe's so as to stay facebook friends with them and watch as they get progressively fatter.
Neglect my dog? Enjoy your spicy sex toys.
Being the safest driver I could be to get back at a rude soccer mum
Guy tried to choke me out at a party so I threw his thongs (flip-flops) in a fire
Shampoo revenge
Double Parking Douchebag
you claim that "we were never friends", but if that were true, I wouldn't know how best to annoy you.
Throw a fit at the check out line? You'll only embarass yourself.
Teacher made class bully clean up my pee
Class bully made to clean up my pee
They rejected me because of my stubble facial hair.
Friend made me feel like shit, so I made her shit herself.
Just a quick grocery run
Park like an asshole - get treated like one
My mother is awful.
have sex on your own damn bed
Wrong place to litter.
Pompous Baristas Really Enjoy Their Coffee...
Airline Petty Revenge
Malicious compliance to cafeteria bullies
Bottled Saliva
Doors Opened, No Doors Shut.
Don't fuck with me lil sister I know how to play the game
Show That Finger To The Cop
Retail revenge
Only wanted a beverage on a hot day
That one time I sent my neighbor to jail.
I Pledge Allegiance to the Flag . . .
Sandwich Thief
Uni can't tell me what to do.
My uni decided to stick these in the hallways of a building.
How To Be a Complete Psycho
I griefed a minecraft server...
Honking won't make me park faster
Disregard the rules? Enjoy your 20 minute wait.
No manners for me? No manners for you
Complain about our footsteps to get us evicted? Then months later after we move, a pipe bursts in YOUR building and then you post to google reviews about how fat we are and how your going to physically hurt us?
Ferry Revenge
Tell me to go join the opposition? Will do. (x-post from /r/GamersRevenge)
Stop pissing all over the toilet seat
Ring my phone off the hook - I'm going to make you feel like shit.
Oh you're gonna abuse you're only form of transportation? Okay say bye to being able to get to work.
You suck, rude co-op girl
Brownie Pants
Polyglot vs. Telemarketers
Accidental is the best kind
You're a shit roommate? I'll call your mother.
I stood up my ex after he trashed me to all my friends
He steals my money, he gets a phone full of weeners.
No TP at Circle K.
Racist speeders
Cut in front of me at customs and end up waiting longer
Yum, toilet water.
Cat's Revenge on Fiancé
Driving him even nutter
Don't leave a school laptop logged into your account when you turn it in, dumbass.
Got Revenge On A Lazy Group Member
Phone keeps going off during final? Sorry about the bad air conditions, class!
Be an ass while you are trying to scam me? Okay, I'll piss you off for 70 minutes straight.
Don't lie and don't be so rude
Landlord too lazy to do the right thing? That's fine, I'll work harder to make sure you're accountable.
Don't cook dinner at 5am
Don't shit where you eat. Or the other way around...
Your bigotry sustains me
Petty revenge on my co-worker
Shitbag Chronicles, Part 2: Batch File Fun
Buying 23 Burger King Apples Pies to Spite a Screaming Child
Kid bullied me in middle school, spread a rumor about him
Don't talk shit to your ride
Homophobic sister ranting on Facebook? Enjoy your wedding gift!
Rewarded as a prideful douche deserves.
Person didn't turn off their laptop... Bad move.
Shitty waitress,shitty tip
Shitty waitress,shitty tip
Busted divas' lies and a (free)great education: two birds with one stone
Petty revenge against the Whisper App
Eve and the Snob. With photo in comments!Crazy neighbor advice
Crazy ex-boss tries to ruin my new job, backfires on her.
Thanks for the bullshit ticket Officer King Shit
Not fast enough for your good deed, huh?
Take 45 minutes to give me my drink? Here's some trash!
Tinder Sociopath
Want to be bitchy to me when I've worked all night? To hell with your system.
Walk in the middle of the lane? Pick up some pants on the way out
You take away my sleep, I pissed you off when you're playing your game
No more gas pedal for you sir
Enjoy having to look it up yourself.
Banged my ex's new dude, told him via text
Don't place me on your blacklist when you screwed up.
Forget you're in a hotel? Hope you wanted a wake up call.
Enjoy your 8%
I asked you, don't make me do it
Ship your stuff to an address you don't live at then demand I text you when you get stuff? I think not.
Demanding classmate? Don't mind if I mildly inconvenience you.
Refuse to poop outside? Enjoy a Dutch oven.
"Rent A Cop"
Enjoy your studying!
Want to waste my time? I'll waste yours.
Keep calling me a liar, get an earful
Living in the south taught me manners. Reddit taught me petty revenge.
The creep who took my photo
Make adults sign out if they want to leave the base?
Saying please never hurts
Playing the long game with Bank of America
Rocket League Revenge
Does this qualify?
How to get back at a tailgater
Cleaned my room to get back at my parents
Stopping a tailgater dead in her tracks
(Long) Karma is a bitch
What's in a name
Steal my karma will you?
Googly-eyed revenge
Not putting up with that garbage
I don't forget
Enjoy ringing in my free steak dinner...
The petty girl with a head the size of a water melon.
Sibling Revenge
By all means let your kids play on the stairs
My plan for revenge after I move out
No Donuts for You
Revenge on my school news editing partner
Need some help with a scammer.
Got some sweet, sweet revenge on a co-worker today
Filled your inbox (hopefully)
Enjoy your warm smoothie
Have a great day at work honey...
Ostracise me in the workplace, you'll get yours.
Don't steal my bathroom stall.
Have fun studying, buttmunch!
Treat my room like crap? How would you feel if I did the same to yours?
Highschool feud level of petty
I now have a newfound respect for birds.
You gonna act like a bitch, you gonna get a potato like a bitch.
When I found a finger nail in my pint glass...
You can wait a little longer for yesterday's mail.
Be uncaring, I wont be helpful.
The Lion Sleeps Tonight
Child staring at me in the bathroom...
Don't mess with my car.
I snapped and made a grown man cry.
[Request] Blowing up messages with just a phone number
No promised hamper? BOMBARDMENT!
You asked for it!!!
Such a shame that your brakes failed.
If I wanted to get off at the bus stop, I would have taken the bus.
Oh you don't have change for $100? We'll see about that....
Oh you don't have change for $100? We'll see about that....
Change the toilet paper rolls
Revenge for picking on the little guys at the office
Annoyed by neighbor, got sweet petty revenge
Patience by the plateful.
Remember your keys next time!
Oh you don't have change for $100? We'll see about that...
Always ask before
Terrible roommate apparently wasn't aware of how much she trashed her own reputation at college
Cheat on your girlfriend? You're missing out.
Don't replace the toilet paper? Get the mop.
Nutshot for the Creepy Hair Toucher
Wake me up with your shitty music? Well I guess I'll get ready for work early
Ice Cream Thief!
"Just don't say anything"
Not getting any satisfaction from me.
Lying liar gets karma'd hard
Claim that I don't do enough work will you?
Naughty housemate and her boyfriend
Touch my things without my consent? You'll get yours.
Put it in the hamper!
A little more sweat for you in the airport terminal
A month's worth of dirty dishes?
Lower my grade for not doing what you didn't ask? Time for revenge!
Thanks for the free water bitches
&lt;&lt;&lt;비트머니&gt;&gt;&gt; 핸드폰소액결제현금화*정보이용료*상품권*미납*다날정책(sk,kt) 010/4676/2555 카톡yes255
No Thank You
My nagging annoying co-worker
Move your stuff into my garage? Hope you like no more bikeGot some bullies into trouble for spitting water at me and trying to wreck my hat
Call me gay? You shall bleed
Call me gay? You shall bleed
Some pennies for your thoughts?
Enjoy the power bill, MUM!
Grand Theft Auto.
Let the floodgates open
Diners Club
My manager wouldn't change the music, so I fixed the problem.
Gonna make us all uncomfortable? I hope your boyfriend reads my wi-fi name.
Today I made a woman pay for an extra pound of beef
And that's how you freak out a "thug"
Being nice to cashiers pays off, assholes.
Here's one in the eye
Going to yell, swear and pick an argument with others just because your team is then you will get asked to leave
Gonna fake my suicide to fuck with ex in LDR.
Yapping harpies ruined my chill time at the book store
Revenge by later clock out
Enjoy your "tacos"
Putting on a Pillow Case
Petty Revenge Via Company Facebook Page
I've made your bed now lie in it
I had to "teach" a con man how to speak English...
Liar liar pants on fire
Trying to push your work off on me only creates more work for yourself
I see another two!
Let me play you the song of the ancients.
Rude volleyball players
Welcome to the bank- where everything's made up and the rules don't matter!
Good luck using your book now
Rewarding Good Behaviour
Ignore my greeting. Wait outside in the cold...
I hate driving in NYC
Karma Strikes Back
Boss yelled at me for something he did!
Boss yelled at me for over a mistake
Turn the music down FFS
Don't use my computer to like your own video
Salty Coffee?
I see one right there......
Be lazy at work? I'll make you wait an extra couple of minutes.
Think you can cheat on me? Enjoy your cup of tea.
Facebook Revenge
Don't park in the parent and child spot &amp; also put your trolley back.
Enjoy the change
Crappy People get to use Crappy Tools.
Toothbrush Cleaner
Mismatched socks
Wanna be a douchey ex? Guess you don't mind paying for my movies then.
Be rude to other musicians? Take this shitty music stand.
Think gay people are an abomination? Have fun enjoying your LGBT sandwich.
Update: Handicapped Man Gets Back at Woman
Welcome to your nightmare.
Force me and everybody else in Germany pay for something, they did not ask for? Get stapled.
I got revenge by stopping my slacking at work
Don't try to date your ex's BFF
Crushing tale of a women who didn't listen to me
Leave me out to dry, you can find the manager yourself.
Couple don't want me to lean back on my airplane seat.
Keep me at work late, kept her from her trip
I said, "Hey, what's goin' on?"
Being a bad roommate means I can passively aggressively belittle your drug habit right?
Can't put your cart away? I got you.
Cheap guy coming in for free samples gets the tiniest I can manage.
Revenge on Seahawks Punter Jon Ryan
Snot from 9 to 5
Two can play at a game
Sometimes, the world revolves around someone else.
I hated the people at my job so...
Mommy loves you!
Handicapped Man Gets Back at Woman
Don't throw your shitty work to me!
tappa tappa tappa
Get in my face? No email for you!
The Rise and Fall of Crusty Kristy
Pharmacy revenge- be a bitch, you can spend 20 minutes counting Tylenol
Honk at my disabled mother and spew racial slurs? Bring it on
Always put your boots away!
Cakeday story: Neighbor reported me and everyone around him for years. So I built a fence in his driveway. (Pictures inside)
Snot from 9 to 5
Here's your extra centimeter of soda
Get in my face? You get nothing.
Be a crappy ex? Miss out on free movies.
eat my jelly bellys, I'll remember that
Seat thieves deserve less leg room.
Don't let me do my homework? I won't let you sleep.
Be loud above my room?
Which is the Ugly Friend?
This Seat is Taken
Getting the entitled suitemate to clean
Oh, did you want some? Then you should have asked.
Use your own glassware
Old man doesn't get his ice
Be a rude tourist? Sure, I can be one too!
Third Time's the Charm
Don't waste the time of a gas station clerk
Mayor of Butt F*ck City? We'll See....
It's my fault for having feelings for you, but yours for sleeping through your midterm
$2k and a diamond ring not "good enough" to marry you? Enjoy being unmarried!
Ignore me after practice? Have fun with my saliva.Fighting Evil at Stoplights
Oh, $2,000 and a diamond ring is not enough for the Dower in the marriage? Enjoy being unmarried
The Heavywalker who doesn't realize his steps cause earthquakes.
wanna be an ass and bum off family Netflix? Okay
Wanna scare me into refunding you? How do you like spam mail
Line cutter gets what he deserves
Revenge is a dish best served at Pizza Hut
If you're an asshole to me on the interstate, I'll be a bigger asshole in return
Don't try to control my love life or you'll pay for it.
Enjoy not being part of the group.
Everyone has a weakness
Spring cleaning
It's a small world after all
Neighbors play video games loudly until 4AM on a work night? Enjoy piercing beeping all day.
drive thru pharmacy
Rude and Racist tourist gets kicked out of the train
Landfill pettiness.
Oh, so, homoerotic things make you uncomfortable?
Wanna be a crappy manager? Get a petty employee.
Turn on my chromecast continously? Prepare for the cat's claws
Petty revenge on the loud kid in class
Tailgater gets his. Then gives me mine.
Snotty Actress Gets A Taste of Her Own Medicine
Don't move out of my way? I'll be rude.
Great red light revenge found in r/ShowerThoughts
Worked three months for this guy with no pay and decided that I've had enough
Penny Revenge
In for a penny
Dog Poop Minefield
A Two-fer, Both Involving Tailgating and Flashing
Oh sorry, were you trying to sleep?
Revenge is breast served cold...
Charge me money to go to work? Fine.
So I went to my old school today...
Gray Areas in Contracts
Oh I'm sorry, am I in your way on the highway? Let me help you choose the proper lane.
In a rush? Bummer.
Don't want to share a ride in your cow?
Allow me to count the seconds that you saved.
Revenge of the award
Uber cheap cousin and the "Antiques Roadshow" con
Don't clean up after yourself, I'll steal your lighters.
Insist on reving your loud truck at 5AM? Ok two can play that game.
Constantly lock me out, will ya?
Small Dogs vs. Big Dogs
Lunch break
High Protein Breakfast
Early morning hotel room revenge
Terrible roommate, advice for moving out / petty revenge!
I'm sending commented posts from r/WTF to a spammer
Oops, I think I spilled a little…
Kids break out my windows on my house.
The Candy Wrapper of Justice
Junior High Paperchuckers
Be a good neighbor
Balltapping into Fabulous revenge
Don't pretend you didn't notice us.
You rip someone's photo then should you pay the price
Need advice on housing debt
You'll have to poop somewhere else now
Report me for "breach of contract"? Be prepared to lose your lifes work. X-post from /r/ProRevenge
Dog? I don't have a dog.
How does that 7 day cool down taste?
Taxation based on your representation
Hogging the parking in an apartment
Manager told me to hurry up, so I made him wait even longer
Don't mess with the people who bring you your food/alcohol, because I will fuck with you...a tiny bit
Be rude and disrespectful to someone on their question on Yahoo Answers then you should be taught a lesson
sucks that you can't actually watch anything on your tv doesn't it
Annoying partiers started hanging out near my house at night keeping me up, here's my solution to get rid of them instantly.
Don't be a jerk or I'll be a jerk too
Suggestions required!
Have a lizard...
Cut me off? Bitch I'm on a bike.
Petty Revenge on Credit Card Companies
Wrath of the 'Rabbit 5 Ways'
Annoying Music Girl gets a taste of her own medicine
Urgency is based on how affected you are? Will work both ways.
Make me fix your incompetent mistakes? Enjoy opening a new penny roll!
Don't leave your packaging on the floor, especially not in the bus.
Guy parks on my driveway and prevents me from going about my business
Cc in all the people!
Shitty revenge
Let me play you the music of MY people
Take my food? I'll take yours
A Jew in a deli
The dude I'm seeing wouldn't let me choose what episode of South Park we watched last night, so I stole all the blankets when we went to sleep.
Block me from the sidewalk, will you?
Park so close I have to climb through a back window?
Listen, I'm the King of the Hill
Steal food from your own child, enjoy the runs asshole
Don't Eat My Cookies
Hoisted by my own fart. Well played, dad.
Fruits of labour
No coupon for you!
Human Decency Can Save a Company...
Walmart x Old Lady
Make me wait for tacos at 2am? No thanks, I will just go around you!
Make me wait for tacos at 2am? No thanks, I will just go around you.
I don't put up with bullshit.Not good enough
Enjoy the Shoulder You Overcompensating Bedwetter!
Stolen Soda
Cut me off? Enjoy paying for a new tire!
Can't shut the back door? May I remind you I live above you?
No food in the new car!
Parking police get the roundabout
Opposite shift trying to stir things up? Lose your coffee lads.
You never know how much you need those beeps until they're gone
Double Pettiness
Revenge is a hot beverage that tastes like Tea.
Make a bad joke? I won't talk to you.
Ruin my career trajectory? I'll work to keep your life sad and lonely.
Fuck with my best friend? I'll watch you squirm and burn.
This sub is rubbing off on me - Petty Trash Revenge
aim that fucking Sherrin at my window? you're never seeing it again you little shits!
Eat smoke bitch
Won't give me any room to sit on the train? Fine, I'll take advantage of your homophobia.
I dont get any sleep you dont get any sex
Park close to me?!?
Let's damage property instead of talking like adults...
You need my help after treating me like shit? I don't think so.
Join my quest to Adopt a Social Justice Warrior. Whenever my personal SJW posts an outrage about some company or person, I make it a personal quest to support their business. That's why I just subscribed to the New Yorker.
When I Silenced the Vice Superintendent
My housemate is doing her best to get under my skin, so I suppose I'll do the same!
Well, since you seem to want it so badly, you can have it then.
Boss talks behind my back, i don't warn him about old coffee
You get the ugly side of the fence.
Stop emailing me after the third interview? Enjoy your new Facebook rating.
Enjoy the next bonfire
I thought you knew what you were doing?
It's the small things that build up...
You wanna save gas money by taking a hidden route? How about we waste your gas money?
Socks and Underwear
Paid a $400 vet bill to save someone's cat and got snark for it
Accidentally Hit my Nosy Manager in the Face
Use my computer to like your own video?
Terrible college roomates
Brother throws a tantrum and I got back at him
I'm not anyone's personal servant.
Two for one petty revenge at the dollar store
If YOU have time to lean, then YOU have time to clean.
Enjoying your netflix
Don't like my shirt? Too bad.
Wake-Up Pee
Steal my snacks at work? Take my shit and you'll get the shits.
Steal my snacks at work? You get the shits, and you get the shits, you ALL get the shits!
Take my laundry out of the washer will you?
Owner of company freaks out when employee quits, gets what he deserves.
The Saga of the Ongoing Racquetball War
A conference room is not your private office.
Sweet revenge
Cut off my boss rather rudely, all the while following company rules
No Free Sauces for you!
Good bye, bad neighbors, you weren't missed.
Neighbor's tree breaks my fence. Says he'll fix it. Acts like an asshole later and never does.
Why mess with the doorman?
bad neighbor revenge
Thanks for the ps3
Boss was a scrooge over biscuits and ended up costing the company $4,000
Rip me off for my hard work? Enjoy cleaning your pool out!
So you think I don't have a real job?
&lt;Watch!!!{Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice } . Full. Movie. 1080p. Streaming. Download. HD.Putlocker.
Rude waitress
You want to give me a slight attitude? Fine, I'll do the exact opposite of what you requested.
When I have to deal with companies I don't like I Google them and click the ad.
Gatorade
Who's the bitch now?
I bought fuckcomcast.net just to change my Comcast account email address for when I speak to customer service. Which is frequent.
*Insert the Pulp Fiction Ketchup Joke* (also tl;dr)
You let people off the train before you get on
My teacher is a ... rude person and this is how I got back at him
Sure man, I'll "fix" your computer
Arbys drive-thru
Sign mom's anniversary party guest book. Not a guest, just a walk in drunk ... get erased.
People dont understand personal space.
Showertime Revenge
I'm trying to concentrate...
Counting the days until the lease is up
Try to kick me out for no reason? Let's see who gets the last laugh.
Military revenge...
Be an ass? I'll spell your name wrong
Line cutters get a cold
Guess you should learn not to tailgate
Exacting revenge on a penny-pinching games store by giving away $450 worth of used games for free
So close...
Have fun waiting for the imaginary gym member!
Loud music? I guess you're going to miss that goal...
No One Rushes Me
fatass coworker who likes to take my food
Don't be rude when people are being nice.
Clean your dishes
I'm so glad to have found a use for all these ads!
McD's Revenge
Threaten my dog? I'll train her where to go.
I love you dear, but...
Return of the Stinky Cheese
Pester my friend and I about shopping? Okay.
Living well indeed!
I want to send flowers to my friends bitch of an ex girlfriend. The goal is to "kill her with kindness". What's something really passive aggressive I could put on the card to get her blood boiling?The best revenge is living well
Ever get locked out?
Customer Service dictator's reign comes to an end
Ongoing phone/email revenge
Consistently ignore department policy, make messes for others to clean up, and ignore guidance from those with more experience? I bet you'll like cleaning up messes yourself then
Enjoy your pee-hands, you bastards!
Are you sure you want these wrapped individually? Ok, fine.
Simple but sweet.
Barking dog complaint
I'll make sure you get your soda ma'am.
Creepy Person
"I have two rules in my classroom."
Old Racist Fart at the Airport
Don't F**K with another man's vehicle
Revenge for being an impatient slob
"Farterfly", or "How My Subconscious was a Dick Last Night"
Sorry dear, we're not patient enough for your conversation. But you can listen to ours.
Trying to hog a seat? Not on my watch.
I'll teach you to clean up after yourself!
Make me pay for an extra month of rent? Enjoy the ever so small annoyances.
You think you can critique my beautiful PowerPoint and get away with it?
Don't f**k with another man's vehicle
Herbalife Driver
middle school bully
Egg my house? Enjoy the surprise I left on your windshield.
Breaking The Law In A Company Truck
Hashtag WatchUsStillDelivering
Egg my house? I hope you enjoy the surveillance picture of yourself that I left on your windshield
Telemarketer Revevenge
How about you heat your tea WITH THE FLAMES OF MY RAGE
Iced By The TSA
Oh, were you waiting for THIS parking spot?
i believe i found the second most cancerous subreddit
I will NOT drink with my left!
Cheaters Never Prosper
I politely asked you not to use my shampoo
So you wanna hold the grocery line up on the day before Easter? You know...one of the busiest days of the year??
Maybe you'll learn to put your shit away Jimmy.
Prank call me once, I turn the cheek and laugh. Do it again, and I'll post your number on Backpage as a TS Prostitute. Fuck with me.
Prank call me once, I turn the cheek and laugh. Do it again, and I'll post your number on Backpage as a TS Prostitute who gives $20 top and wants dick pics asap. Fuck with me.
Hang em High
Sitting on Instant Messenger all day instead of doing your share on the project? Nope.
Repeatedly elbow me on the train...I'll put my coat on
Remove My Wet Clothes? Enjoy Smelling Like Piss
Breakfast Delayed is Breakfast Denied
If you're a dick to me I'll make you pull out your ID
Park in front of my house, will you?
Slander another worker? Don't think I'll cover for you.
Go ahead. Copy the exam
Always be nice to the bus driver
Fuck with my privacy, I'll fuck with your head
Like being a terrible landlord? Enjoy paying for repairs!
Cut me off in drive through..
Servers, don't fuck with your hosts
Dont take my spot again
Any ideas on how to get back at the local post office?
3 Days early cut over - no warning
Revenge of Grandma: Old Lady Smashes Punk’s Windshield for Stealing Her Parking Spot
30 hours of unpaid work, totally worth refusing to be pushed around
Want me to run a yield sign? I'll take three seconds out of your day.
The pettiest of road rage
Really petty useless revenge
Diesel Pumps
Pizza Hut Petty Revenge...
I got friend-dumped, so I'm going to out-gift my old friends.
Cut me off on the way to the coffee shop?
Don't get my girlfriend to ask me for free tickets if you're going to ditch her, you pieces of shit.
Lie that I swapped your monitor for an older model will you?
Time is Money
Shitty roommate revenge
Professor berates me, I get small online satisfaction
Micromanage my exam? Have fun working alone.
Berate me in class and then call me a liar?
Be Nice To Your Roommate
I was driving at night on a 10-mile section of two-lane road between two highways.
Be a jerk and brake check me? Have fun being blind.
overreact to my access to TF2 and Reddit? Enjoy your new name, Big Brother.
Hate is a strong word
Kindergartners are ruthless
Bitch Shall Obtain Thy Currency
Treat me like shit for two and a half years? Get drenched in Cherry Coke post-mix syrup.
That should teach you from picking.
Turn it down!
Ruin Jim Jeffries for me, and you're getting the crop-dusting of your life
your purse costs how much?
Be a creep and stalk me at the gym? I'll take you up on that!
On Easter, An Answered Prayer Converts This Redditor To Satanism [LONG]
Couldn't set an alarm for this...
Conductors Revenge
My best friend and I weren't talking
An Answered Prayer Converts This Redditor To Satanism
Overtake us unnecessarily, we'll go our of our way to embarrass you.
My coworker has a habit of not doing his share of the work
Home from $ 500 for a computer trading
Get my favorite dinner without me
Enjoy your sleep
My younger brother never leaves me alone...
Skinny Girl's Parking Revenge
Older step sister gets what she deserves.
Put a dirty diaper in my car, will you?Too many coins..
Tailgate Revenge 101
Kinda falls under Karma, but...
Sailor revenge
Hurry up?
Annoying coworker? Two can play that game
don't mess with the people who make your food!
I'm being disrespectful? Nice one buddy.
How The Cracker Crumbles
My little brother has a habit of talking behind my back
No, i don't know where your glasses are
That's why you don't drive like a dick
Wanna talk on your cell phone? Have some muddling.
How to make a creep uncomfortable.
Freshman year gym
Mock my job? You can wait extra
I brought in decaf coffee
"This stuff will stain clothes."
It's not a photoshoot after all.
Can't wait 2 seconds for me? Enjoy wasting a couple of minutes more.
Aspen, CO
I call it the "Stupid Tax"
Condescending coworker gets his
Short Story Class
Use me as a tripod? Enjoy your blurry photos!
Don't use your cell phone at work!
Petty Plagiarism - Revenge Undelivered - Need Advice!
Oops it was a leg spasm
I cleaned up for you, sister dear
Have fun explaining this to her
Take that, Mr. K!
Never Underestimate my Passive-Agression
Early shopper has to wait a little bit longer
I don't get to take a lunch, you don't get a ride home.
How should I get revenge
Sometimes, revenge presents itself at the most unexpected times.
Won't leave a message with me? Fine!
You keep leaving your dirty travel coffee mugs in the sink...
Disturb my sleep? Enjoy your early morning wake up call.
Story of my ex-crush being a bitch to me.
You want to waste my time...hope you have a few reams of paper handy.
Unique Art Projects
Treat me like a child? I'll treat you like a child.
Force me to drive almost 300 miles? I'll get the most expensive gas I can find.
Wont let me send forms via email? I hope you have lots of paper on your fax machine!
Fake goody two shoes exwife revenge. Kinda long and disjointed.
It's called 2 weeks for a reason..
Send me bitchy emails,lose your parking spot
Fishtailing On Ice
Thought I'd give a more appropriate way to get revenge on a child.
Hashtag WatchUsDeliver
When looking at something in a shop and someone tries to intimidate you out of the way, so they can look.
Can't be thankful when I fix your XB1? I'll revert my fix.
Mess with my break time, you get creepy smiles.
Petty Revenge as a Cashier
Keep eating my food, enjoy the bathroom for the next few days
You got honked at for no reason? I got you, fam.
Cold Feet
Hog my computer? No more CSGO for you.
Weak Petty Revenge become Worth It Petty Revenge
Stop staring at me!
Yeah. She was cute.
Take 5 points off my exam, I'll show you up in front of the class
Finally, a little housemate satisfaction
You steal my Netflix, I steal your access
Please don't party on weeknights man! Fuck me? Ok...
You blow that horn! I'll get my revenge twice!
Grocery store checkout cutters deserve no mercy!
Slept with both of my exes? Shame on you.
You need to clean out your pantry anyways.
Block me, smash you
Was driving on a long trip through a recently upped mph speed limit...
Paying a bill over the phone
Oh you can't wait patiently? Guess I don't have time to wash my hands.
Take care, my fellow petty road warrior!
Pull up!!! (Gas station etiquette)
Peaches are the pits!
There's a line for the bench presses...
Revenge reaped after 5 years thanks to Facebook's "Memories" feature
Karma reaped after 5 years thanks to Facebook's "memories" feature
Nice expensive hand soap? Not any more!
Decaf Coffee
"We made this". No, I made this.
Throwing your hated DM under the buss.... priceless
Use my words against me and face the wrath of a shedding woman
Talk shit about me, while I can hear you, *as your manager,* I'll take your cookies!
After many months of crap from my room mate, I moved and left her a present
This person spams the bell button at front desk like I'm a genie....
Stupid roommate has it coming.
Today I kneed a child in the forehead
Short me on teriyaki chicken? Enjoy your shitty adventure
Help me plane petty revenge for a doctor that performed unnecessary painful surgeries!
Jump the queue at the petrol station? Don't expect to get anywhere
Using your money to by a round for your boyfriend
Customer was being a pain
Move my squat weights -- that's fine.
Not feeding your pet? Alright then, I'll bunnynap him.
Fart while I'm your barback?
Switching the coffee
I like to weldI'm going to enjoy the movie in peace, please
Be an asshole to retail workers? Have fun burning your hands.
So you take requests, loud piano player?
Knowing your town's laws...
Cheater wants her money, I want revenge.
Be both a terrible friend and a mild Facebook stalker? Get constant updates on how my life is better than yours
Not gonna take care of the bullying, expect to deal with the repercussions
Lo, I shall tell you the tale of the Student Nurse, the Drunk, and the Drug Dealer.
I totally believe Verizon is a scum bag enough company to intentionally not send me my final bill so I would forget to pay. But I'm on top of my bills.
The soon coming hundred back to back phone calls should keep that debt collector busy for a while
Be a little snot and ditch visiting your dad......no fun for you then !
Lmao, YOUR kids??
I guess you're making out with me now
2 birds with a literal assload of turds
The day my coworker became famous
Insufficient Information
Revenge is best served petty
Revenge on Regina George.
My Coworker From Hell
Too Many Baths
Hot dog? Jumping frog!
My brother owes me money
House of Karma
Don't call me names and then lowkey ask to borrow a magazine
Lima Bean petty revenge
You don't need any gas now...
Got my girlfriend good with this one.
Tupac Lives
Parking Wars!
Town Scag
Revenge of the Cookies
Revenge on an Overstayed Guest
Coffee Cup Revenge
Deny me access? I'll just go over your head.
I go eat at the place my friend has been wanting to go to, without her.
Enjoy getting out.
Tuneful twattishness
Too many crickets.
Fart in my sheets and I'll fart on you
Revenge on a Lazy House Squatter
It's Always the Mothers
spoil my show...?
Shitty coworker gets what's coming to her
Too bad you came here for breakfast.
But you're the one who propositioned me to begin with...
Use all refrigerator space? Enjoy your "water"
Need a light?
Next time, be nice to your IT people.
Beep at the light too, if it slows you down.
Got banned from /r/polandball
Katanas, Dildos, what's the difference?
I get the last laugh and he potentially learns a lesson
Return to sender... eventually.
Grease my car door? Time for some new boots.
Deprive me of free fruit? Hope you like spiders
Charge me 15% more for food? I'll just ruin the whole planet.
Return to sender... eventually.
Pizza Manager Stole Good Tippers
Whizz on the seat?
Thоusands оf mеп аnd wомen loокing fоr love at this site
You сап find gurаnteed cаsual sex hooкup HERE
Chronic complaint customer wanting their 'full remake', gets an "honesty check" thrown in for free.
Petty Revenge on an EBAY scammer
Sister Won't Stop Using My Razors.
The pettiest revenge...
Everybody lifts.
Revenge on a brat [Humor]
Tim Minchin's "Thank You God"
Enjoy the music, pricks
Update to Moving in with a married couple is a bad idea
*Click.Click.Click.....*
*Click.Click.Click.....*
Revenge on a middle aged psycho who's been harassing me.
Beep beep beep
Waste my time with a stupid, unreasonable speeding ticket? Enjoy getting reamed out and publicly humiliated
Have fun picking up all those cents, jerk
Don't care about my delivery, have fun getting your work life screwed
Used my powers for evil, punkass bitch.
Enjoying my free internet.
Biding your time presents beautiful opportunities
Don't know how to drive like a respectable person? Then I guess I've forgotten how not to drive right up on your ass.
The definition of petty revenge as a hostess.
No soup for you!
Shovel snow onto my driveway and i bury your car.
Your car wakes me up in the morning, now it will wake you up too!
Be nasty gross and inconsiderate on the daily? Enjoy the bugs.
I ruined a 14 year old boy's weekend after he called me names online.
Can't take me off the mailing list? Enjoy bulk rate mail revenge!
Cut me off? I'll make you work for it
Jerk that always has a huge call in order at our small sandwich shop declined his receipt on his last visit, and called later to bitch at us. This visit we gave him 15 receipts
Honk at me while I'm loading my groceries in my car? Enjoy waiting for nothing
Neighbor now has a penis lawn
Enjoy your sandy clothes
Take my phone? Enjoying being woken up all night long
Revenge is a drink best served... cold.
Bring your eyeglasses with you and then immediately give them to me to hang on to for you? Hope you like dirty glasses.
I'm no thief... but they don't know that.
Saw this video - Karma or just dumb driving?
Park like an asshole? Enjoy the car wash
Yawn ridiculously loud, hum, and talk ti yourself on the bus, lose your legroom.Montezuma's Revenge
Trying to Take advantage on a vehicle trade in
Construction Revenge!
Need some advice dealing with a neighbors barking dog
Ghost in the machine
Sorry about your allergies... and your fish.
Thanks for taking my parking space
Right There With You
Grown Ass Man Pissing
No soup for you!
Happy Thanksgiving ya filthy animal.
Got Surprise-Ghosted, so I did what any tech worker would do.
Fine art
Not cool bra
The bowls needed cleaned!
Petty revenge eight years in the making
The Post-It Note Story
Enjoy your drive!
I waited five years to get back at you
The Newlywed Game
I'll teach you a lesson no matter how small you are.
My Alarm Clock Radio
Moving in with a married couple is a bad idea
You're too good for our parking schedule? I'll take my sweet time.
Happy Birthday!
Lock us out of the bathroom? It would suck if your toothpaste went missing...
Revenge Served Warm and Salty
Use your own towel, man!
Waste my time? Enjoy looking at two unnecessary photos!
No Parking
Bakery revenge
"John Cenaaaa!"
[META] Is there another subreddit for intense revenge?
Don't try to run my dog over in a company car!
The trash deserved the popcorn more than you did.
Don't be a bitch bitch because you're unorganized
Don't cheat on a computer technician, especially if he has complete access to your router
Selfish prick of a brother
Don't be bitch because you're unorganized
Tailgate me? Have fun with your ticket!!
silence can be golden
How about we waste your time for being a prick
Dog Washer Gets Revenge Via Expensive TV
iMessage Read Receipts
Bothersome Snapchatting Teen
The local tax office tried to screw me
Who ya gonna call?
Never...ever assume anything
Carpentry-based revenge
Don't harrumph and try to take my space.
Don't pick on kids making minimum wage.
Oh, I'm sorry, were you in a hurry? Shouldn't have been a dick about it then.
Don't fuck with pharmacy workers
Enjoy your ad-hoc trip to Urban Outfitters.
Question: Where do you send revenge porn?
Revenge porn?
Think You're Funny? Not Anymore
How about we waste your time for being a prick
Verizon increased the price on my unlimited data plan so I made sure to get my money's worth this month.
Always Text Me Back
Don't yell at a toy store employee
Maybe she's born with it. Maybe she's Faber-Castell.
Enjoy your "pretty" cake
Revenge using the color White
You park in the wrong spot? Enjoy your water spots.
Consider yourself dug back in.
Your attitude stinks. Fortunately, so do I.
Petty Revenge from 1972, fun with Television, on behalf of my friend Vivian...
Would you like extra sauce with that?
Fast food worker revenge on asshole teenagers.
Want to be a bitch? Enjoy resetting your smelly chair!
Roommates and toilet paper rolls.
If your service department sucks, I'll put 60,000 miles on your loaner.
Mr. You need to help me RIGHT NOW
Considering you like your music so loud, why don't you enjoy my vocals.
Sometimes traffic signals exact revenge for you
Too lazy to teach? Enjoy the bad reviews...
Loud children, in my theatre?
The art of creating slow hell for a narcissist
So you think you're better than me, but you need my help? No problem!
Shoes in lakes
Don't be a dickhead manager
Rust petty revenge
Quick (And Perhaps, Petty) Vengence [NSFW]
Inconvenience me? Then I'll inconvenience you.
Typo you so hard
Would you like any sauce with that?
The War Of Who's got The Fattest Ass
My Brother, his girlfriend of 3 months and her kids
You aren't getting your jacket back.
I left the windows open
You forgot your card asshole.
Please hold.
The Camera didn't like her
I'm not your maid!
Petty revenge against my RE teacher
The English Teacher who saved me.
Why yes, your sheets do smell funny.
Here's your extra change!!
The birthday invitationsLocked bully's backpack to desk on last day of school.
loud cockatiel gets what's coming to him
Annoying customer, let your mouth burn!
Slow internet? Let me fix that for you!
Honk this
Enjoy your golf game
Every vote counts
Gassy Wrath 2: The Loitering
Pick on me when I was young.
Need help getting petty revenge on my girlfriends racist and homophobic step-grandfather.
What you showed me on Twitter was not interesting
I hope your glorious face is loved by everyone
Never flip off a minivan.
I don't know what I want because I'm a woman? Enjoy my second best coffee.
Mess with little bro, I say neigh.
Let my younger brother skip class? I'll take away your fun.
Text me photos of your dick
Get mad at me? Have fun with the slow internet.
Had a teacher get "extended sick leave."
"Why isn't my computer working?!"
Co-worker Revenge
How you like them apples!??!
My car salesman was an asshole, so I signed him up for car sales inquiry call lists.
Don't park on the sidewalk
Constantly stiff my delivery drivers and complain about the food. Enjoy your $4 delivery charge.
It may have been spiteful, but it felt damn good
Be a pompous ass of a boss? Enjoy finding that one typo.
College paper revenge
Smells like Revenge
Let me off work late? Enjoy my stank!
You will be recorded in history forever as less than human.
Harass me and blow up my phone? Enjoy dumb teenagers.
Bitchy Professor Gets Hers
Next time fill up the ice trays
I'm not drawing, stop overreacting.
Cut me off? I'll make you get a ticket.
Here, let me help you practice patience and anger management.
Be condescending to me? Everyone will see your typo
Not teaching? I'll just go ahead and take something, then...
Be condescending to me? Everyone will see your typo
Hope you've got AAA
Hope you enjoy awkward silence and blank stares
Gimme kiss!
Have fun wasting your time trying to do my job.
I hope you're overweight
Enjoy paying for something you didn't get
Enjoy your lose change cunt
My spastic housemate
Sometimes you have to take karma into your own hands
Cleaning service revenge request
Hope you don't enjoy your drink.
"Petty" Change
Keep me awake girls? Enjoy your 1D
Cut me off on way to school? Let me socially embarrass you.
Enjoy your burnt pizza asshole
Petty Roommate Revenge
Table dictator gets the table reversed on her
I didn't put a new bag in the trashcan.
Drink all the cold water, enjoy it hot.
You think you're getting your deposit back? I've got some bad news.
don't cut me off next time
Headphones and death stares in elevator? Enjoy your ride.
Block me in? Have fun looking for the 'damage'.
I'm impressed you know so much about my company you aren't employed at. Please tell me more about what we do and don't do on a regular basis.
I got revenge in my bully on the last day of school when I wouldn't be coming back.
Have fun hitting your toe on the bed frame.
Drink all the booze all the time, please have another!
You didn't see me working? I'll tell you everywhere I go from now on.
Making my husband his favourite breakfast
Roommate pettiness
Won't pay me back on time? It'll cost you
DON'T have a nice day!
Abuse me for over 10 years? Have fun carrying out the family's name!
Hit me on the head? I'll be a loving brother then.
Just do your work on a group project
Turn stile petty stuff
Don't do dishes? I'll do them for you...
I hope i woke you up
OK, I'll do it the old fashioned way.
Cut me off in line at the car wash, I'm going to make the puppy love ME more than YOU
Rude Teacher Revenge
No dishes? That's a shame
You're the one that I want!
Careless Cheater
The sign said credit minimum only
Oh, you like scrapin' in your crappy car? Well I hope you also like scraping gum off your shoe.
I am Crumbing.
Guy took a noisy dump in the next stall.
(CA) Anonymous revenge, e.g., thepayback.com
Neighbor being bitchy about leash laws
Enjoy the stomping.
For those of you in hospitality
Campus tailgater gets his kumuppins
I hope he never catches on. &gt;:)
Have fun shoveling all of the snow!
Roommate stopped chipping in
Want to cut in front of us at a concert? Haha NOPE
Hope you like the smell of petty revenge.
Fuck you, rival halls!
Short two cents? Too bad.Cut me off? Enjoy cleaning up that water
Your biggest mistake was treating me like im as stupid as you.
Drive me crazy? I'll give your kid penis earrings
Don't mess with my sleep, bitch.
Bus to Stonehenge
Elbow me and don't apologize? Well I'll be just as rude by not picking up your pencil.
And you called me hostile.
Etsy story
Robin Hood-ing for all the freelancers out there
Amazing Results: Destruction Absolute [Meta]
Night-brights vs cheap Chinese ultrabright LEDs
Crappy Shower Head
Here! Have some telemarketers!
This is why you don't argue with me on the internet.
Hang up on me? Fine, wait on hold.
Be a dick to me and enjoy watching your beer get warmer while I do other stuff.
Yell in my ears I'll make it slightly harder for you to see
Now you don't get to throw it at me again.
Don't park like a moron people..
Revenge is best served in the form of frozen yogurt
The roommate under me smokes inside..
Need some petty revenge ideas
Don't be disrespectful of others' property
Could I get some advice
Hope you miss those 10 cents!
That's what you get for being
Never give me a chance to reply all.
You want to be a shitty roommate? Fine by me.
Not so bright now, are you?
Hope you enjoy all your newsletters
The Shoe's on the Other Foot!
Wing mirror revenge
Hire me, then fire me because I was literally 1 minute late?
Jerk me around all day because you're flaky? Have fun in traffic then.
Rocky Revenge: Part 2
The Remote Bounty
Maybe next time he'll think twice
My apartment complex added a new $50 monthly "Community Area Maintenance" fee.
Canteen Justice - Swift, Effective
It's fine if you do not have patience! I have plenty!
You're not the only one who can drive like a jerk.
Drive like a maniac, I'll have to be more cautious then
Bill collector from beyond
Student Canteen Justice
Airplane etiquette
Hope you like that sandwich hair
Sallie Mae can pay for the answers they seek.
I hope you enjoy the taste of dirt.
Opportunistic revenge.
Schedule a one hour meeting that starts at 5pm?
This is why you heed warnings...
You know we aren't part of America, right? Boss does a zinger to customer.
Bio revenge.
Petty revenge on coworkers
Tumblr users are profiting from this subreddit
Tumblr users profiting off of this subreddit?
What a lovely day, don't you agree?
Annoy the whole class with TMI and never stop talking? Not with MY blessing.
Be an ass. Lose a game
I'd Paperclip Your Mouth Shut If I Could!
Have fun sharing the room with the vacuum cleaner!
Give me shit when I politely tell you no thanks, waste your time
Car Wash
Random customer tells me my partners using me, you won't believe what happens next!
Petty revenge on blind ex girlfriend
Unnecessarily riding my ass on the freeway? Here, allow me to wash your windshield for you!
My name is literally in my greeting.
Don't change your old phone number...then you will suffer at my discretion.
Making my neighbors suffer, 30 seconds at a time...
How about not doing drugs?
Small but satisfying
Cat got payback
My co-worker will be famous
How to Deal with a Mombie at the DMV (xpost /r/childfree)
Petty revenge on my middle school bully.
I make my alcoholic, hung over coworkers decaf coffee.
Rude guy at the ID office gets irate
The Pettiest of Revenges
The 20 year payback
Get out of my fucking driveway
A dog's revenge
I don't recognize your right to sandwich points.
What's with all the flies?
Game...off?
Don't wanna buy my fruit snacks? Then don't buy them from someone else.
Try and cut in line, only to get further behind
I ruined Glee Club
It feels good to know he won't sleep now
Quality Control specialist tries to flex her "power"
Revenge over time
Rude customer wants a beer
You mess with me ? I mess with you mate !
Take embarrassing pictures of me and send them to my friends? Vengeance will be served, cold and heartless.
Won't let me fix my car? I'll make you thing yours needs fixing.
I need ideas for revenge on my coworkers.
Woman...
The neighbours stole our boat.
Insane ex roommate
Teach the teacher a lesson
Water your lawn properly.HP service revenge
Next door neighbour plays loud music at stupid o clock
Spoil a season for me? I'll spoil 4 for you.
Oh, so you keep killing me while minding my own business? I hope you have money to afford killing me.
Don't f**k with the maintainers
My cat is a dick...
Conniving coworker, enjoy sorting through a cumbersome excel sheet!
Maybe I can't outthrow you, but I can outsmart you.
Try to push past me at the concert? Fine, I hope you like my elbow.
Delete my stuff? Enjoy extra emails!
My girlfriend's cat kept us awake all night meowing...
Just stand there, no need to acknowledge there's anyone else in the universe
Teacher can't admit he's wrong? I'll show him...
Wakey, wakey!
High Heels
That attitude will get you places!
Careful where you spread a rumor
I hope you like the smell of my lotion
30 years later....
I'm a good neighbour
Try washing your hands now, you bastards.
Petty coin revenge
Salad dressing
Figure out how a fast lane works, and then deal with your road rage.
What does OP stand for?
Bare assed revenge
Double parking 0/2. Spot was in the first row AND was one of only a handful of shaded spaces.
Petty revenge
Best friend pissed off a commission hungry asshole at Sears.
Too small for your fat ass
Refuse to pickup your dog shit? Don't worry, I got you!
Break my PS2 controller, you walk back home
Want to me to do extra work?
My rat got revenge for me or how a lady learned to mind her own business.
Nerfguns? More like noguns.
You're gonna use the buzzer. And you're gonna like it.
Loud neighbours = the worst.
Want to tailgate me and I'm driving little over the speed limit?
Don't yell at me in the bathroom. You'll get angry farts.
Follow the Rules
Gave the dishwasher something to do.
I said NO tomato.
Not A Strong Wiper
be nice when asking directions
Sorry to waste your time....
Sometimes revenge is a dish best served with double meat.
So you stopped carrying my favourite order?
Can't get past? Bummer.
You'll have to pay a little more.
Free Refills do not mean free drinks for all...
Had a house guest over stay his welcome.
Free Trial be gone
Want to whine about doing your job? Fine, enjoy the reaming from your boss.
Don't Be A Snot
A scammer didnt block their mobile number when they tried to scam me. So SWIM put their number into an online sms bomber.
Fat bitch was unpleasant in class, so I took her muffin.
Wakey wakey
..Sorry, I forgot.
Don't be a dick to a waitress.
A story from a welder.
Hope they have an "Unsubscribe" button!
2 Errors in 1 Play
Cut me off maybe the cops pull you over.
Enjoy paying $4 more than you need to
Happy birthday to me
Deny us a substitute player? Have fun waiting an extra half hour.
Hope you enjoy 45 seconds of extra work!
Mom didn't even get home
You snooze you lose.
Didn't even say thank you.
If you're disorganised and waste my time I'll waste yours
Received multiple calls from a number and they wouldn't tell me who they are...
Enjoy the extra 5 seconds it takes to sign jn
Tourist rudely asks for help. I tell him to take the train that skips his stop.
Gonna be a jerk not let me over when a construction zone forces our lanes together?
Abusing a rental
Have fun paying full price for you haircut
Not so funny now, huh?
Learn how to park.
Get your own damn soap.
Gaslighting my mom about my weight loss
Your time is not more valuable than mine
Get in my face after giving advice? Goodluck getting to the dealership.
Tourists Suck
You're not in control of the temperature anymore
The end of a long day when you just want to get home
Pay attention next time
Taking up 2 seats?
Gatwick rental car Mass-holes
Go ahead and keep lying to me, Selina
I'm a Petty Little Music Snob
Enjoy your journey home in the shitty weather!
My Petty Penny Revenge
minor justice against asshole squatter and shitty landlord
Stop cutting me, and don't treat me like fucking shit.
You probably think I'm talking about you
How to open a door.
Doing nothing is sometimes the best revenge
Can't properly operate your vehicle? Have fun with your wet, frozen car interior.
DiatribeFuck your collection of plastic utensils
This revenge comes from some years ago.
Brought a gun to a tickle fight
Don't Come to Class, But Want My Notes?
Sure, we can wait.
Your persistent douchebaggery came back to bite you in the ass.
The Sims and Saliva: A Tale of Childhood Revenge
Terrible housemate has to fork out a shitload of money and has nobody else to blame
WARNING!! On this site a lot of people who want to find a sexy adventure
CEO has egg on his face
My reddit account was taken over by a former friend and our old boss.
Vengeful, hate fueled journal entry That made me ROFL
You almost just ran me over.
Paid App nags user to purchase new paid version? Enjoy multiple bad reviews.
I grow peppers. Fuck with me.
She fucked the neighbor, I fucked her.
The story of the mail lady who kept trying to shave seconds off of her route
WARNING!! On this site all the people want sex!
I'm a driver for AAA...
Insult your waitress, have fun ordering a new debit card.
Question my computer skills?
Leave my grandma a shitty tip? Sit at a dirty table.
Why are you getting surprised, tosser?
Angry Homeowner Takes Revenge With A Bag Of Gravel
[Park in my driveway? Hope you can drive a bulldozer too...](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3445555/Irate-homeowner-fed-cheeky-commuters-parking-driveway-blocks-car-TWO-DAYS-tonne-gravel.html?ITO=1490&amp;ns_mchannel=rss&amp;ns_campaign=1490&amp;utm_source=fark&amp;utm_medium=website&amp;utm_content=link)
[Park in my driveway? Hope you have a bulldozer...](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3445555/Irate-homeowner-fed-cheeky-commuters-parking-driveway-blocks-car-TWO-DAYS-tonne-gravel.html?ITO=1490&amp;ns_mchannel=rss&amp;ns_campaign=1490&amp;utm_source=fark&amp;utm_medium=website&amp;utm_content=link)
Don't give me road rage and then follow me home...
The Grinch of the LIRR
Be annoying, Miss the "prize"
I listened to what the stickler was telling me
Spread a rumor that I'm cheating? I'll make sure your mom knows you're the school drug dealer.
Enjoy Internet purgatory
Update: My irresponsible roommates
Church organ gets revenge on bridezilla
At work, they started blocking music streaming sites to "save bandwidth"...my co-worker is getting his petty revenge...
Cock block Monopoly
Follow one outdated rule? I'll follow them all!
Mess with my team? I'll make you buy your own Christmas gift
Following the rules never felt so good.
Think you deserve extra seats on the train? Let me make you feel uncomfortable.
Fine, you won't let me help you? Pay extra for your shipment with your big janky-ass box
Want me to move? Too bad
Jack me around with your corporate and government shenanigans? Fuck your equipment, all over the bathroom floor. Thrice.
You're not getting my parking spot
That's not your parking spot.
Help me find this person / harras this person as much as u possibly can
I have to choose less aggressive music to play at work, huh? Game on.
Quit my horrible job and I gave proper notice...
Make obnoxious noises while VK and his mom have a day out? Enjoy being turned into a comedy routine.
WARNING!! On this site all the people want sex!
WARNING!! On this site all the people want sex!
Choosing the 10 items or less check out line at Walmart for your 80+ item shopping spree? Enjoy waiting 10 extra minutes while I block you in.
Cause me to lose my job? Bad idea.
Don't shout at the deaf girls.
Run your gas station shoddily? You can throw away my trash.
I hope he pays a lot
Slam on your horn while I wait for pedestrians to cross the street. Enjoy waiting for me. MSPAINT included.
I was harassed by this unknown number for about a week. Little did he know that two can play that game.
Enjoy walking an extra eight feet.
Ignore me? SUFFER FOR YOUR SINS!
Instead of taking out the trash, my roommate left her bloody pads on the floor of the bathroom AGAIN
Honk at me at the gas station? That'll teach you.
Rerack your weights where they belong, not in front of mine.
Wanna be an obnoxious jerk during class, eh?
Enjoy your shower!
A friendly wave for a special driver
Enjoy all the spam boss.
Try to take my jobs? Enjoy your boring stapling.
Enjoy your sleep in!
Want to be a shitty old bitchy teacher and pick on my kid?... Enjoy your diabetes!
Woops sorry, I "forgot".
If you order me around, you're going to have a bad time.
Carry them by yourself
You want it clean? How about SUPER clean!
Let The Sunshine In! ...bitch.
My landlord is crazy picky about the type window covering I have in my own home.
Married PettyRevenge..
This number has been harassing me and I don't know who it is, anyone want to help with a little revenge?
Be obnoxious in the checkout line? Don't mind if I don't mess with your car.
So I gave thirty days notice at my job and my coworkers are really mad at me. They got some petty revenge on me this morning.
No Internet for you
Two roommate stories..don't fuck with rental agreements
Loud music all night? Enjoy Rick Astley.
A steaming hot bowl of microwaved revenge.
You're really going to hog that armrest, are you.
You won't help me after I helped you? Enjoy the rest of the semester.
My co-worker's unintentional petty revenge.
Wasn't having a good day so I smiled and waved at an asshole driver.
Cut in line? Listen to me gag!
Flat Tire
Remote control younger me revenge
Scream in my ear? Get sickly sweet service.
So you want to keep kneeing and moving my airplane seat?
Return my discontinued file, because of tabbing?
You try to hurt my pets, I'll stop you jerking off
Bad Parking = Public Shame
I have the power
Deliberately take longer and mess with my computer? Enjoy the extra search functionality.
Pick on me all day during family dinner? Hope you like odd numbers.
Morse Code VirginSeated by the window and dude on the aisle seat wouldn't let me out
Try to get me kicked out of the house? Screw your movies, my bandwidth now.
Revenge on the early rising cat.
Fly free Butterfree
Chinese test revenge!
Revenge on Craigslist Scammer
Shoes on in the house? How do you like cleaning up my mess?
An accidental cigarette burn changed my life
Daughter leaves recycle bin emptied on driveway, so she's coming home to the recycle bin in her bedroom.
Be a bitch to my mom? Enjoy parking on the street!
Park that close to me?
Putting the frat boys in their place.
How do I get back at my shitty neighbor?
Any hot or mild sauce with that?
More petty coffee revenge
Wasting Verizon's Time
Make me waste my time will you!
Used my Ex's bathroom
[ADVICE] Want to donate to a charity someone hates and have a letter sent to them letting them know a donation was made in their name...
Why my Super Bowl Sunday will be perfect
[ADVICE]Want to get revenge on a petty bitch and her husband...
Working Insurance
Block the sidewalk with your car?
[REQUEST] Want to make a donation "in your honor"
Remember to tip your Pizza delivery guys.
Crazy driving instructor
Toilet Paper Revenge
Claim you know more about Pokemon than me? Enjoy your boring vacation.
You get green!
Rude customer gets their Tesla Model X order canceled by Elon Musk himself.
Fifty-five asshole, fifty-five
Spam this girl
Slow driver in left lane in Florida get out slowed
Send it tonight!!!
Why are YOU wearing a jacket?
My neighbor's fecal problems
Blame me for your own mistake? Good luck on your presentation!
My sister didn't leave any toilet paper in the bathroom.
Asshole neighbor is no better than a litterbug
WARNING!! THIS SITE COULD CONTAIN SOME NUDE PHOTOS SOMEONE YOU KNOW
You want petty? You'll get petty
Paying in cash? Here's a million $1s
Scan my clearance? Two can play that game
No bread for you
Unfriending Revenge
No love from me.
Not their letterhead
Always clean your cats litter tray.
I'm a dishwasher and my coworker is a lazy idiot.
Don't be shitty to the table with the cancer patient... We will end you.
Irritated by the super long backstories and explanations on this sub
I didn't believe in Karma until now.
Was pissed off at my friend.
Beer snob style
You set yourself up for this
Very poor choice of words...
When my manager at my last job pissed me off...
*You're* getting petty with ***me?***
Play me in corporate politics?
Congratulations... You played yourself
Guy who tries to jump ahead at stoplight gets his.
Dryer distraction
Take advantage of me? I'll make you cry and get you suspended.
Bus Driver Gets What's Coming To Him
You did $30,000 in damage to our rental house, but sure, you can leave your broken down car in the driveway. I don't mind.
Fed Ex guy inadvertently guilt-trips shitty night clerk into eating my boogers.
Don't rush me.
Asking for ideas on r/pettyrevenge?
Don't poke the sleeping bear.
Thought you could cut in front of me?? Hope you like waiting!
You did $30,000 in damage to our rental house, but sure, you can leave your broken down car in the driveway. I don't mind.
Purely Petty Paper
Empty packs in the trash create no expectations
Empty packs in the trash can create no expectations
No more persistent survey taker!
Don't Take What Isn't Yours
Day care closed early, gets my kids' castoffs
Elon Musk personally cancels blogger's Tesla order after 'rude' post
He wanted me to call him back
Kickstarter bag of dicks for TSA
Friend neglects to meet me
Another reason you don't date Crazy
Favorite pot
Don't touch my ice cream!
One way ticket to me never ever using your service
Oh, I'm a gross piece of shit for smoking in a casino now am I?
The Oldest Spice...
Teacher gets the best revenge on annoying know it all student.
Wrong number kept harassing me so I gave him a taste of harassment too
Smart Advertising makes petty revenge against the advertiser - Hillary Clinton
Oh, so the currently-being-evicted, triflin-ass neighbor wants to have loud sex next to my 3-year-old's room at 6:30 in the evening?
Jab me with your elbow will you?
More Subway revenge
The unwelcome plane neighbour
The 'Kill Bob's Radio' fund.
Keep me awake til the small hours will you? Please enjoy some calming music to help YOU sleep...
Subway manager wouldn't let me add toppings to my BLT without paying extra.
Farmer fed up with people parking on his land (XPost r/videos)
Don't cut off the cashier every time they speak
Midnight BrewNeighbor parks like an asshat
Victory on the beach.
The light switch
Don't disrespect my stuff and expect to get away with it
Going a little overboard but not quite pro.
Sassy kid
LinkedIn Petty Revenge
I made a work colleage throw her own radio against a wall.
Go back on a promise and use a position of authority to force me into a corner? Enjoy waiting for a response.
Can you fill this up all the way?! (Fast food revenge)
Nightmare Neighbor
Go behind our teachers' backs? Have fun trying to find a new lesson slot.
Flame me while I'm about to leave a game? Let's keep you stuck here for longer.
Sweet Scent of Revenge
Won't upgrade the wifi? Okay, I'll downgrade it.
Handicapped Hell
Don't steal my Gatorade
Nightmare Neighbor
Don't take my hoodie
Open drawers
Washing Machines
Go ahead, keep honking.
Complain about hackers and then you hack? BAN.
How do you like your hood ornament now?
Move my car
Revenge ideas with mobile number (uk)
Do not fuck with your IT guy
Roommate likes to spam the doorbell
Petty Revenge... On Me?!
Won't let me in the front door, will you?
Loud Neighbours, Louder Homeowner
Dirty pillows
Be quite loud? No credit card for you.
강남오피&amp;퍼스트《연산오피》『BAm』『WAr』 1 0 『COm』홍제오피ㅣ▷ 밤워 ◁ㅣ
전주오피∥자유시간〖BAM〗〖war〗 1 0 〖coM〗ㅣ▷ 밤전 ◁ㅣ『서제오피 #연산오피』
부산오피〚의정부오피∼TOP〛b a m w a r 1 0 닷 C o mㅣ▷ 밤의전쟁 ◁ㅣ두정동오피
〈bam〉〈war〉 1 0 〈com〉ㅣ▷ 밤워 ◁ㅣ강남오피／／동경｛회현오피｝《부평오피》
ㅣ▷ 밤전 ◁ㅣ강남오피－아모르플라워b a m w a r 1 0 닷 C o m『논현오피㉤갈산오피』
일산오피#귤현오피BAMWAR 1 0 점 COMㅣ▷ 밤의전쟁 ◁ㅣ강남오피&amp;옥타곤
청주오피〈일산오피－신세계〉b a m w a r 1 0 . 컴▷ㅣ 밤의전쟁 ㅣ◁군포오피
해운대오피∼상한가ㅣ▷ 밤전 ◁ㅣ〔BAm〕WAR 1 0 〔cOM〕묵동오피천안오피
서울오피BAMWAR 1 0 점 COMㅣ▷ 밤의전쟁 ◁ㅣ동탄오피／／라인#군자오피
부평오피#숙대역오피b a m w a r 1 0 . 컴▷ㅣ 밤의전쟁 ㅣ◁강남오피∼아프리카
분당오피▷ㅣ 밤워 ㅣ◁신촌오피／／더타임《BAM》WAR 1 0 《COM》원주오피
『BAm』WAr 1 0 『COm』ㅣ▷ 밤워 ◁ㅣ강남오피∼비너스｟남영동오피｠《구미역오피》
Don't be rude to the hostess
My mom told my dad "no wonder you get bullied at work" just to make him feel bad.
My two cents.
SIL can no longer mooch!
〘 Abam34.cøm 〙 아찔한밤 〘대림역오피〙[수유오피オ진구오피]
The broken porcelain stand off
A key opportunity for work revenge
Fine, you'll get your half order.
You need my help? I guess I need yours
Too Lazy to Shovel a Space Out for Yourself?
No warm for you!
A Man Gets Revenge on Noisy Neighbors With an Arduino System That Automatically Blasts Loud Music Back at Them
Some dipshit in a giant truck with a giant trailer almost ran me off the road. Hope you like it kinda dirty.
Petty office revenge.
Eggs-straordinary Revenge
Steal my expensive face cream and act like it's yours? I don't think so, bitch.
OP's fiance leaves him for the would-be best man of their wedding. Former best man left his Wii at OP's place. Pettiness ensues. (x-post from /r/funny by /u/PM_me_your_jeep)
I need to sign a huge bitch up for a ton of spam emails! But will she be able to find out that it was me?
Saw this in a AskReddit thread. Charge me for another? I'll take 500.
Tailgaters...
Guys Ex Fiancée and Ex best man are now dating and they left their Wii at his place, he made sure to give it back to them while the best man gets his dick slobbered on.
Parent and child car parking petty revenge
Riding on your coat tails
Want to force me to your levels of perfectionism?
Neighbor in the next condo has a baby that cries all the time.
Have fun washing spoons.
Honk at me for a close parking spot at a sports facility? You better believe I'll make you wait.
Passive Aggressive revenge on a bitch from highschool
Ignore Me Because My Job Suddenly Isn't Worth Enough? Enjoy My Aquatic Justice.
Show up late, rude and for some reason angry while buying off the classifieds? Then try to negotiate a price we already agreed on? Well, check your phone bud
Park in the handicap spot illegally, you're going to get called out!
So you want to drink my milk huh
"Flesh color"
Want to protest in front of my job? I hope you like muddy water!
If Reddit had a be like Bill, what would it be like ?
Unnecessary Slowness
Snow scare in Atlanta story
Enjoy being forced to talk to me personally or have your curiosity kill you
A better person than my mother
Back in high school, 1975. My locker partner kept stealing my goodies.
Cancel plans with me at the last minute? Revenge will be served warm.
A rude customer forgot to finish paying...
You... You ate my cake...
Obnoxious music
Be a racist and annoying douchebag? I will make our teacher hate you for the entire year, and I will make you fail the course too.
Oh, I'm a prick? Please hold... Forever.
I'll fly my flag when I want to, Homeowners Association!
It puts the lotion on the keyboard...
You think you own the road or something ?
Gardening for Noisy Neighbors
I hope you like Markiplier
Have a nice day 유흥다이소《UDAISＯ03닷콤→중원오피《수정오피》용현오피》길동오피》신도림역오피→》
Make my plane ride less comfortable?
Smell you later!
Won't put your bottle in the collection bin? Have fun looking for it in that bin anyway.Mom went through credit card statement
Sorry, not sorry. Neighbor noise war.
This is not a troll post.
Facebook petty revenge
Phobic brother
Communal Area: No tents
Sister acts selfish, doesn't get to enjoy TV
Loner in the Carpool Lane
Make me take care of your cat...
Negro Is Trying To Steal My World From Me So I Call It Ugly Online
Pothead lowlife gets what's coming
Can't wait to out your groceries on the conveyer?
Valentines Day
Super Petty Honker
Petty office revenge x2
Well played pettiness (x-post from r/nova)
Drunken Mother Deletes my DVR. Enjoy being cut off!
[Video] Truck driver petty revenge on a road rager
Steve Rannazzisi's petty revenge on a douchebag driver
Unfriend me? Here, have some unlikes.
You get snappy with the personal? You don't get your goddamn reindeer.
I'm a snow plow driver.
Shovel your walkway
Be rude to me when I'm dealing roulette? Have fun getting all your bets on.
Hope she noticed the silence in the room
Help me find a post
Take our clothes out of the washing machine one minute after they're done? Enjoy having wet clothes!
Subconscious petty revenge
Face my grammatical wrath!
Try to run me out of the kitchen? Prepare to taste the rainbow!
As a mother...
No follow up question for you, gas bag.
And all that jazz
Take my water pressure? Enjoy your luke warm bath.
Want to stay inside? That can be arranged.
I need suggestions for a serial spammer
Ok, I won't clear your driveway.
Tailgating Revenge!
How does your vehicle run now?
Actor cons con men
Professional revenge services
Being an asshole? Enjoy touching my snot.
Landlord petty revenge
Roommate being a stinker...
Stopping the asshole who constantly takes an offroad shortcut.
Don't rush my minigolf
Miss two-face
Petty revenge on an asshole tailgating me
Revenge is a dish best served... snowy?
A 20 dollar bill for a 71 cent transaction? Please wait here.
Never Turn off your alarm? Enjoy the noisy shower.
Jerk neighbor
Disrespect me for doing my duty? You'll regret it...
You're right, I'm just a really slow driver
Tailgating is not Worth it.
Playing it dumb to out fool the fool
Enter, stranger, but take heed of what awaits the sin of greed.
What's the best thing you can do while single on Valentine's Day?
Paper Bags are Five Cents each
Homophobes Are Easy Targets
7 years on, karma is still a bitch.
All of a sudden making me pay $1.10 extra for a BBQ sauce, Culvers?!
Passive Aggression for the win
To speak directly with a person, you'll want to hit 00
Suck it, rude Eagles fan!
You're running late? I'll make you later!
Passive Aggression has done me wrong
Passive Aggression for the Win
Some girl gave out my cell number as hers and wouldn't fix the problem.
Fake I.R.S. scam call.
Gym Membership prices? I have picture proof on my phone.
The pettiest office revenge x2
Yogurt hair
I guess you're too busy not being at work to bother mopping yourself.
I guess you're too busy not being at work to bother mopping yourself...
Be rude to the fast food worker that serves your food?
Transit bus driver blocks in car who illegally passes while checking bus for mechanical issues
Where's the 5 cents?
The pettiest office revenge x2
The pettiest of office revenge
Come to where the flavour is. Come to ballsack country.
The pettiest of revenge on coworkers
50 cents for a fork you say
Get ready to see me every day you psychotic bitch.
If his sole ever comes off...
I'm always complaining people interrupt me, my SO being one of them.
Grocery stores are not banks
I tricked annoying roommate into unknowingly publicly humiliating himself through song
Pro-level messing with crazy annoying roommate
Don't want to let me over when my lane is ending? Hope you weren't in a rush...
Borrow screwdrivers === Get screwed
Want my Doritos? Enjoy your crushed, stale chips!
Speed bump justice
Won't do your part? Fine. We'll do it. Goodbye.
I whip my hair back and forth
Harassing a helpless stray? Have a shove.
My Favorite
Treat me like I'm brainless? Lose two car sales and watch me dangle our new keys as I walk by!
Cheating bastards get cheap shots (sports)
Revenge is a dish best served with homemade buttercream icing.Because Fuck You, that is why.
Pastor disrespects transgender IT worker, and the revenge suggestion is...
What you don't know doesn't kill you, but it satisfies me.
Text me out of the blue will ya?!
Petty revenge on my ex-girlfriend
Nair, no hair.
Don't allow me to clean up? Enjoy having no Saltines.
Telephone tough guy
Enjoy your porn subscriptions bitch.
Petty snide comment on my friends birthday.
Help I'm looking to get some petty revenge!
That's your job, not mine.
If you ignore my shower dibs, I'll lose my mind.
Petty, petty revenge on a thieving sister
To the woman that decided to hide her headlights by driving too close this morning:
Passive Aggressive Petty Revenge
How would you get back at someone that stole $350 from you?
Half-ass your chores? Enjoy your nap, Jerkface
Chill bro
Insult my makeup skills, make me buy 7 bottles of soda and 5 bags of ice? Then you're not getting your $20
Don't be a bitch.
Take your sweet as time walking in front of my car and then putting your baby in the car? Instant karma!
Don't be a d*ck
No you can't have them!
Call me in class? That works both ways
Two flavors, one milkshake....what an idea.
Let's go to the bank together!
Now every time she opens her car door. . .
You want cake? FINE
Always wake a sleeping dog
No clean room to move me to? Really?!
You can't move me to a clean room? Really?!
My favorite
Scumbag shopping cart
I hope he was extra cold.
Want me to refill the water pitcher? Ok!!
As an RGM for pizza hut I fired my entire in store crew and let them do the "you can't fire me, I quit routine" which I verified and quickly accepted...Whoops, no unemployment for you.
Harass my friend? Enjoy your pooping dog!
Gassy Wrath (Warning: Long)
My favorite
[X-post from /r/AskReddit] Something mean I have done: Pissed in car window
Hey lifeguard, break a leg!
petty road revenge
Cheating ex and his friends
Stand me up? That's cool, I'll make you earn less money.
Emotionally manipulate and abuse me? Say goodbye to your dream university
Douche that thought he was "King of the Road" go demoted.
Soapy Ice Cubes.
Left four sheets on the roll? I'll leave something else for you!
Chicken sandwich revenge.
How I ended up puking all over my older brothers office.
Lock me out of the house? It's okay. I'll wait.
Prank makes me late for work... enjoy your day of suffering with your Man Flu
Christmas revenge a year in the making
My neighbors are annoying cunts.
Very Easy Job , We Don't Need Checklist
Want to be a b*tch? Enjoy your scrambled buckets.
Seemingly nice guy was actually a jerk.
Enjoy the presents.
Don't drive like a jerk when your truck has a phone number on it....
My roommate likes to rap loudly next door while I sleep. Destroy his cell.
My rude loud roommate. Call him with and unleash hell upon him.
Cut me off? EAT MY SHORTS
Red lights and rednecks
Call me names and intimidate me at work? I'll humiliate you in front of a shop full of people.
You have inspired me r/pettyrevenge
Throw grapes all over? SARDINES!!!
I Hope You Like Middle-School Humor
Revenge on the older brother.
Help me get my revenge on a scammer
Let's take a walk down memory lane
Sowing and Reaping - Taekwondo Style
Boss is an @44h0le
Hooooooonnnnnnnkkk!
Charge me a late fee and I'll keep your gym clean
take MY clothes out of the dryer before they're done?
Lady driving on freeway thinks she gets revenge, then hilariously misses her exit
Girlfriend acted like a shit and bashed my music so I switched it up!
I worked at an agricultural lab last summer
Gave angry homophobic coworker appropriate bumper sticker.
Make fun of my love for K-pop? Get ready to wake up to beautiful
Junk Fax Revenge ☺️
Is there a subreddit about actual revenge (more than petty)? Just curious. Thanks!
DMV Appointment Hack
Have fun getting back out of your car in the rain
Fighting fire with fire (except the 'fire' is actually farts)
So, you want to be a c*nt to me and still go to the concert that I bought us tickets for? Okay!
I Am White Power Being As Racist As Possible On Social Media Is Petty Revenge For What I'd Really Like To Do With Black Power
no beer past 2am
Quit overfilling my coffee!
You don't need to put up adverts every few steps.
Oh you don't want to put your books in the bin like you're supposed to? Fine, then I will put them in the bin for you.
You're really going to put thay shopping cart right in the middle of that empty spot?!
Got my ex back.
Steal my pen? I hope you enjoy pulling pins out of your cubicle wall.
Like to brag about committing fraud? Enjoy!
Sign Me Up! Petty revenge on an old roommate
Don't park dumb.
Boyfriend flooded my Netflix recommendations with cartoons, so I only massaged one of his feet.
Loudly exclaim that you hate kids? Enjoy a loud family.Everyone loves new babies!
Longtime friend, new stranger
Can you guys and gals help me get some pettyrevenge?
Highschool math-class fiasco
Tailgater.
You want to borrow stuff from me after being rude? I don't think so!
My neighbors girl tonight is obnoxiously loud (and unbelievably fake) in our very thin walled apartment. With what songs, should I backtrack their sex?
Bama fans lose at half time
Tip me 44 cents? Enjoy your dead car battery.
Steal my pen? I hope you like pulling pins out of your cubicle wall.
Baby Shower Revenge
OKCupid girl who shot me down last year, msg me again.
Looking for a stop light drag race? Enjoy your ticket.
You already had a chance to ruin our photos. Now it's our turn to ruin yours!
My uncle is a bad-ass
Won't walk away from a love tap? *multiple petty revenge story
Now I'm date-able?!
Revenge on Jerk Neighbor
Steal my parking spot
Jump over a weight bench to beat me to the last 2 30 lb dumbells....
A game I like to call: Ruin a family's shopping trip
Brazilian redditor's abusive boyfriend takes the petty and selfish route and gets a tattoo of her name in order to manipulate her not to brake up with him. It backfires.
Steal my friend's pen? Hope you enjoy pulling pins out of your cubicle wall.
Had a random craving for M&amp;M's...and an annoying child's desire
[Long] If you use all my things on a daily basis, you'd best be nice to me.
Cat vs Dog revenge
Ideas for revenge please?
SCENARIO: You win the billion-dollar Powerball. What petty revenge plot do you engage in with all that money?
The story about how a grown man can't make eye contact with a 15 year old girl anymore
The usual
Try to push me and my blind friend out of the priority seats when we have the right to sit here? Enjoy the judging stares, bitch.
Barista revenge
Smell ya later
The Cat's Revenge
Come back from 1 hitpoint to win the hearthstone game? Wait 75 seconds first
Mock me for doing parkour? I'll take your stuff and send you on a Wild Goose Chase.
Tastes a little funny.
my uncle gave his coworker satan's briefs
Steal my DS, enjoy the unintended consequence
Give me "half" a present, I'll show you!
Enjoy your food, twat!
Don't want to do your share of the work?
Child's Play
Movie Theater Pest
Not I wont race you and I know where the speed cameras are.
Well I never said yes
Scare me will you?
Customer calls back every time we send him food and demands that we comp his order. Today was his last meal from our establishment.
Is my music too loud?
So you believe that you know more about my job than me?
That'll get you, you ignorant dipshit.
drive like an ass, have my two cents
Need to get revenge on a jerk at school.
In a rush to leave the mall's parking lot, try this on four size.
Because I don't date f....
The Meme Plan
Dump me with your kid, enjoy the nagging.
So that Asshole Audi is back.
Ruined a freshmans reputation for revenge
don't try to steal my stuff
Petty revenge by proxy?
You don't believe I clean up after my dog, fine.
My bickering roommates would dramatically slam the doors to punctuate their angry tirades.
Wombat's revenge
A Dog's Petty Revenge
I exposed my father's worst flaw.
Father stealing food with your name on it in the fridge? Let's see how long he keeps that appetite.
Roommate's selfish behavior landed him dish duty
Hope you enjoy your morning boost
If you're a rude impatient customer then I'll take my time to assist you
You can have this brownie, but you're going to have to wait for it.
Somebody got the last word—snarky obituary
Sneak past a car keeping space? Say hello to my bike!
Not really petty revenge but how would I go about getting back at my noisy upstair neighbor?
You can have this brownie, but you're going to have to wait for it.
Unfairly accuse me of trying to sabotage your relationship? That's a photoshoppin'
Get blocked
Loud hotel guests get rude wake up.
Like to Trigger your neighbors? Enjoy getting what you have coming to you
Don't Touch My Cologne
Competitive douche at a kids bowling party
How about some dick pics on your company phone?
Mate tried to mess with my toothbrush...
Bully me? No cake for you!
Harass homosexuals? Get harassed by homosexuals
If you take away my sleep I take away your internet.
Want to replace a senior admin with your "tech-savvy" 16yo son? I'm sure that'll work out great.
Be a nightmare for 18 years? I will slowly sell all your shoes while you are in jail.
Don't touch my fucking dog.
Ignore us at the bar and ask everyone else how they are doing? This last sip of beer may take me awhile...
High beams? Enjoy the red light.
Putting a man child in his place.
Wake the house up with loud shower sex? I'm gonna get some housework done!
Using your flash, good luck getting good video.
Dude hit my car, dodged the insurance company for 2 months, and FINALLY paid up today... But I need a little extra revenge to stick it to him.
Endanger My dogs, fuck your vacuum
Trouble with an asshole in my parking spot
Petty Revenge at Holiday Giftwrapping
make my room smell like shit? Have fun finding your phone.
Finally got my asshole supervisor back after years of his crap. (x-post from TodayIWon)Past the Zone of Provision
Worst roommate ever
Now you have to wait. Every time.
Courthouse security can bite me
You shouldn't cut the line of a maniac
Blasting music vs sleep
Advent calendar revenge
Sweet grocery store revenge
Finding an unhelpful answer on StackOverflow
My Annoying Manager
Scam and trick your way into marrying my brother? Enjoy the horse meat.
With the most recent story about the mcdonalds drive thru.....
Finally got my supervisor back for all of us employees (x-post from TodayIWon)
Pouting over the laundry I do? We'll see about that.
Have fun getting your mail.
Petty Revenge in the McDonald's Drive Thru
Housemate leaving her dishes and some of our shared utensils in the sink for days.
A revenge 3 months in the making
Dont want to help out around the house? Enjoy balls in your mouth.
annoying mom
Demon spawn kids pound on door at school, end up getting locked out in the cold
Privacy vs Groceries
Hey Reddit, I got screwed by CINEPLEX entertainment and could use some help!
Kia dude tails me, gets his tail caught.
Disrespectful? Enjoy your poorly cut and colored door tag.
My irresponsible roommates.
"Enjoy the Show"
That's very interesting, thank you for taking the time to say that to me.
Next door neighbours and their expectations.
"Hood" name teasing revenge
I made 'and' into 'and, uh,' on a forum. and uh, then more.
Woman gets back at coworker for refusing to say her name correctly (link)
"Happy Christmas"
Spoilt The Force Awakens for someone who spoils The Force Awakens
"Happy Christmas"
Criticize everything I cook? keep enjoying my food.
My ex cheated on me
A black woman gets her whole office to troll a racist co-worker! (and then she tweeted about it)
You want to call me fat? Have fun with your deleted Facebook account.
Smirk, then shout "booyah - in your face" every time you have the chance or anyone else has the chance to move the robber to my tile in Catan?
Don't Hit My Line
Don't pay your fare like the rest? Then you have to slow down a little
My castle is my castle.
I hope you like Hannah Montana, assholes
Great shortcut you just took to your nye party.
Flipping the flippers
Whole office left for new years party and told me I have to stay. so I did this to everyone's phone (x-post from r/funny)
Don't want to do your job? Enjoy hauling my new couch all by yourself.
Be a piece of **** teacher? Cause issues with my personal life? No problem!
Don't want to clean up after your dog?
Revenge Request, Group of friends
Annoy me after I ask you to stop? Let me introduce your face to the floor.
If you are going to be overbearing then I am going to use it against you
Don't block the fire hydrant
Petty revenge on my lazy boss.
Think you can do my job? Go ahead!
Where's My Milkshake?
Wait your turn next time
Enjoy your ice.
Parking in our spots.
exam invigilator gets schooled
Hide my stuff? Feel my wrath
Park over the line on New Year's Eve? Let me just...draw in the frost here.
Please call me again
Charge me sticker price and I'll keep your remote
Don't leave things in my car if yoy want them back.
Drunk guy steals pizza, loses shoe.
Go clean the bathroom!
Witnessed a most awesome petty revenge over Christmas
Sorry, no food for you.
Overly competitive little league coach gets schooled by his own team, with a little help from the parents
Put Christ back in Christmas!
Natural course of time
Keep fucking w/me? Kiss your freedom goodbye
Not a toot from you!...maybe one from me.
Long Time Coming
Don't mess with my chocolate
Would you like fries with that?
I made her cry and it felt good
Does this count as petty revenge?
the koala bear
Sister hogging internet for netflix, I start using my speakers so she can't hear.
If you approve of the acts of revenge in this sub, then surely you must approve of the Columbine shootings back in the 90s
Problem with me feeding my child in public? Enjoy being cold!
Happy Birthday to Me!
Don't want to move your grocery cart? I hope you like falling in line again.
Want to recline your seat into my lap, princess? Enjoy the bumpy ride...
Annoying neighbour advice
He likes to hear himself talk
He likes to hear her myself talk
Eat a sandwich and wipe your mouth at the SAME time!
Turd
Don't piss off my dog
Don't take my bus seat.
Whistle Blown
Did you see Star Wars or not? [Spoiler Alert]
Sure, write a passive aggressive note about me.
You steal my lunch? I SET YOUR MOUTH ON FIRE!
Sure, post a passive aggressive note about me
Be an arsehole? Have a sticky cooker!It's freezing outside. Close the dang door!
Spoilers during the entire Bronco's game? Two can play that game.
Oh, but it's okay for me to be stuck with menthol tissue?
David and Gay-liath
Ya got milk?
Some good old petty revenge between sisters
Send your bills on time, or I will not pay
Not another toot from you!...maybe one from me.
So you like bent cash do you?
Remind me to do something you're too lazy to do? I'll do it tomorrow
So my room mate is again stealing my baby wipes and along with using my tooth paste. Time for more petty revenge.
Vengeful vegans
What sub should I go to right now and sort by top and all time?
I felt good leaving work today!
Destroy my ear buds will you?
It's Monday and lazy 1st shift co-worker is about to arrive so I decided to drink the last 4 k-cups.
Won't respect my privacy? Prepare to be uncomfortable.
Heartbreak-fuelled revenge
I finally caught them stealing my pizza pan!
My brother ate two Christmas pies so now he has to eat two more.
Back-seat driving mother-and-daughter decide to gang-up on me...enjoy the rest of your 45 minute car ride.
Shitty (ex)Friend
Hit my Car while on the phone? Enjoy stopping at every floor.
Racist lady at Hell Mart. (x-post from /r/TalesFromTheCustomer)
My flat in London
This is MY swamp!!!
Be shits to your brother (my husband)? Allow me to humblebrag in return.
Petty Revenge on board gamer friend
Craigslist revenge
i made the x-mas potatoes today
No leftovers for you!
Don't Call Me Sweetheart
Try to embarrass me while I'm serving you? Enjoy eating first. :)
Christmas Gift Pettiness.
$250 petty revenge
Board Game Cheater
I ended up having a great time.
Score with the goal keeper
Score with the goal keeper
It's just a game. It's not my fault you suck.
Don't like changing the empty toilet paper rolls, do you?
Some petty x-mas revenge
Petty X-mas BS...
took a friend to go see TFA after ive seen it
Beep the horn at me for going 25 MPH in a 25 MPH small side street and I will go slower.
The iPhone Experience
Downvoting ads
Tickle Attack!
How to deal with unruly baby cousins
Don't use up tape that isn't yours
My grandma said my parents never gave a her Christimas present.
My girlfriend's family is very homophobic..
I do the absolute pettiest thing to my old boss every time I go back to the area I grew up in
Ignore your promise? Lose my tasty love.
My annoying landlord
Sure I'll save your trash!
As a bartender: grab my butt and regret it
www.LogMeIn123.com Scammer called; I strung him along. Video in text!
Screw you Verizon
Hey yall!! Get some Xmas revenge for us loyal readers!!!!
Mistreat the vulnerable..How about a few calls/texts to buy those sold out concert tickets you have..
Push past me and almost make me late? You can suffer my curse of inconvenience for two hours.
Sure I'll collect your trash!
Lying about your order being wrong? Glad you could spare 30 minutes.
Don't be a dick to whoever is serving you alcohol
Ok drunk guy,
Fighting the good fight for personal space...
Abuse your cat? You are now subscribed to CatPics.
Wanna talk trash? I will go R. Kelly on you!
I need your help r/pettyrevenge
Disturbing the peace with your sub-woofer? Enjoy a long walk in the drizzle.
Cut me off mid-sentence? I'll make you look stupid and while making myself look good.
My encounter with a self entitled queue-cutter.
Don't clean up messes you created? I'll create one for you.
Frozen pizza rolls for Batty Bunk.
Rude to my friend? I'll let you pay for our lunch
Don't steal
I hate my teacher for being lazy, but I don't know how to get petty revenge. Help?
I will merge
Revenge against school that suspended me for no fault of my own
Good luck lifting, pal
Ruin Star Wars?? Just wait and see what I got in store for YOU!
Beach Parking
Don't steal someone's tips.
Guys next to me kept talking during Star Wars. They left money on the seat and I DIDN'T give it back! The coke and packet of smarties I bought with that $3.10 tasted like sweet Ambrosia!
"Don't downvote this! Downvoting's mean!"
Sometimes it's life that serves up the petty revenge right on time.
I just pissed off a 4chan mod by messaging him leaks of an upcoming movie
Be mean to a sweet old man? Wait just a little longer.
Enjoy parking your $100,000 RV on the street.
Revenge served cold, with a spoon.
Oh, so you decided to steal one of our parking spots? Enjoy your ticket, courtesy of the Vigilante Valet Service.
Petty revenge by a traffic attendant in crowded shopping complex.
Hog all the washing machines? Thanks for the detergent refill!
That's a nice suit, it'd be a shame if something were to happen to it.
Leave my lights on with doors open. I will curse your room with insects.
TL;DR - OP likes oreos
Cheaters never prosper
cheaters never prosper
Bully punches Ed-Bully wears cast for 4 monthsLow ratings, sucka!
Try to pull a bait 'n switch on me?
You take our changeroom, we take your key
Dont want to pay your share of Utility? "Oops internet is out! But I can fix it."
Floormate treats the cleaning staff like shit.
Big scary black man
Petty Cycling Revenge
A girl my boyfriend works with won't stop flirting with him.
Unplug my phone to charge your laptop? Enjoy your flight!
My mom keeps pushing me to finish my breakfast faster so I can dye her hair.
Christmas shopping is fun.
So, my cat wants to wake me up at 5am every morning? I'll show him!
Be a douche enjoy the tow fees
You dare tailgate me? I'll show you the light.
Am I a cookie monster?
Stand idly by while an underpaid clerk bags your groceries? Feel the icy hand of petty revenge.
Merry Christmas!
Upstairs Neighbor
If you demand free shit, you'll have to work for it.
Observing a control freak (xpost from talesfromyourserver)
Teaching a lesson about parking to an asshole
Oh so you're finally doing dishes? Let me help you.
Cut me in line? Prepare to be extremely uncomfortable.
Too lazy to put your unwanted groceries back? I'll help...
Refuse to interact with me like a respectful human? Fine, enjoy your decaf.
Make me remove my Star Wars hair accessories? I'll put them in my bag then.
I just wanted to go home on time.
Neighbors throwing cat feces, and things at my house/backyard
If you're going to lie leave me out of it.
Just Friends
This is why you need to learn your place as a new employee.
Drop your cig butt in a national park? Well, let's see how you like your butt after I'm done with it!
This is lame, but for a brief moment, I hold someone's fate in my hand.
Wan't to wipe your arse using up all my baby wipes instead of using toilet paper then a single baby wipe. Feel the sting my friend. Feel the sting.
Never be a jerk to a pregnant lady
Don't be rude to me when you're this obvious
Enjoy your ugly money.
Ooooh, maybe try another card?
Double park behind me? Good luck driving through the snow storm.
"I'm just picking up paperwork."
I hope you get a crick in your neck trying to read this
(POST CONTAINS NO SPOILERS) Star wars spoiler petty revenge
This why you should never park in a loading zone..
This sub is like walking away from an argument and thinking "I should have said this"
Jones sends her regards
Don't want to take my reports serious? Here's another for you.
Tap my face will you?
Only the strong survive finals week. May the curve be with you!
Pick up your own change
Cut me off in the school parking lot, I'll make you wait longer to leave.
A public shaming on the 2nd floor
My Teacher's Petty Revenge
Don't ruin my shows boy.
[Question] PR on my boss with an Xmas gift please advise.
Rude over laundry? Enjoy your wet clothes.
Lock me out of my room and make me late? Okay then.
Petty revenge for my mother
Mooch off a friend just to use his computer? NOPE.
"Borrow" my car without asking? Enjoy the rain.
Whenever a customer is an asshole to me, I refrain from telling them to have a good day
Don't care enough to make sure your kid doesn't causes somebody else some trouble? Imma fuck you up
Getting back at a vocational school teacher...
Your mother's a bitch? So's karma.
Land surveyor sets himself up, and then delivers verbal justice.
Refuse to compromise? Listen to me singing out of tune for the whole day.
Ha!
There's a difference between the specials board and the menu?
Cut me off, will you? I'll waste your precious time.
IRS Scam Agent
Don't get snide with me.
Train conductor tries to rip me off, gets thwarted by technology.
Telescammer got called out
School bags on the bus
The most satisfying revenge I ever got against a childhood bully
Complain about a service you're not paying for? We'll give you a free month (oh wait)
Weasel your way on the PATH when there is absolutely zero space left? Get stepped on and bumped into for the whole ride.
Steal my yogurt? Have fun looking for the TV remote!
In a hurry, enjoy waiting.
The tale of the Audi in the night
Petty revenge for my mother
Continue to be a bigot? Get your own movement dedicated to you!
Pretentiously brag about Facebook likes? That will show you
Leaky vase for the asshole in your life. [craigslist ad]
Douchebags tried to force me out of a room during exam time
Cut me in line, I'll take your grandson's bobble head.
Coffee?
Millionaire fight
Petty meowvenge on my cat.
Millionaire fight
My wife made me spill my FAVORITE COOKIES, the sharp edge of revenge cuts deep...
"Your fizzy water is in my piss!"
Push in line? Lose your parking space!
PSA: Need to get some petty revenge, I have the tool for you!
Cheat on me? Say hello to me frequently
Leaky vase
Because it's all about "the experience"
Keep flaking on gaming sessions? Two can play at that game
Leave the Microwave alone.
Kick me out of my apartment? Okay.
If you continually inconvenience me, your meetings might be just a little fuzzy.Commuter satisfaction
Lose my test? Suffer a stench.
Entitled dickhead vows never to return!
Nag me all you want. I'll install the printer in my own time, thank you!
not so petty revenge
Nice Nose You've Got There
Manager who fired me got let go
Tell me I am a replaceable employee after a decade of employ.
"Here's your change!"
I hope your balls freeze off.
Make us miss our lift?
I hate the banks, but I hate traffic wardens even more!
Teacher suspects students cheated. Later confirms it.
Never mess with a flight attendant.
Petty revenge with alimony
Cut me off in a dangerous manner? Enjoy your (lottery) ticket!
Use up all the hot water? Enjoy falling asleep ...
Break your mouse, then hit me with it? Allow me to kick back for a day!
I'm a racist tipper
How you like them apples?
Act like a complete tit and threaten our business...? That'll get you good customer service.
Trying to leave me behind?
Guinea Pig Shit Storm
Bite the hand that feeds you? Sit in the back.
Shitty park jobs
Here's your burrito with a side of justice
Cut me off...while walking?!
Don't screw over your cab driver
Spewing hate speech out of your face? Feel the wrath of my kisses
Minor Inconveniences
Douchebags tried to force me out of a room
As long as we're just making up names.
As long as we're just making up names.
Bartender wouldn't fix my drink.
[Update] Live Long and Prosper
A Tale of Mr. Beaver
I'm never too tired for petty revenge
Break my favourite lamp? Wear a hat you hate!
Drunken bitch? I'll ruin the ending.
Pettyrevenge against my terrible office manager.
MIL is a hoarder
Steal my milk? Urine for a treat
JK Rowlings revenge
Make me eat a blue shell? Enjoy eating my fart!
Drive the wrong way down a one way alley, I'll make you 30 seconds late
wanna make inappropriate comments on instagram eh?(short)
Force me to not do my homework? Well, enjoy spending an extra few seconds every day.
Petty Revenge for Parking Badly
An Eye for an Eye
Use my expensive body wash? Hope you like being Kermit the Frog...
Shaving cream in the Corps of Cadets
Guy gets petty revenge on wife
Want to listen to your stereo at full volume until 4am when I told you I have work at 7? Guess who's getting a wake up call.
I took my cousin's lighters
I'm lovin' it.
Petty name-calling
Don't want vegetables? You're getting some.
Finals week revenge in the library.
I'm an asshole
Low-Cal Revenge on Annoying Aunt
Everybody Poops
Best revenge when I worked at a movie theatre.
Cold Soda in Fridge?!?
Junk mail junkie.
Park like an ass? I won't leaf you alone.
When you tell me you have to go, but to send a sexy picture before I go to bed...
No, Its more important for the piano salesman to practice, not the customer to test out any of the pianos...
How I got revenge on a bully without saying anything.
I saw the light
TP Revenge
Borrowed from a friend, use your turn signal
Hide from me during lunch? Guess who is coming to dinner.
Its quiet hours.
Use an ash tray
What she doesn't know will cost her
Steal someone's dryer? You can do your laundry somewhere else.
Hope you enjoyed MY bus seat.
Held up a job opening for 8 weeks out of spite
Dorm room laundry showdown
Blast horrible music on my stereo? Let's see if your parents also like the feeling.
If you show no respect for my bread, I'll show no respect for you.
"No soda. Only tea--with no cream."
Lack of sleep makes me crusty
Eat all the Pizza? No drinks, and have fun with whatever crap dinner you cook up. And the game.
Use me as Test Data?
I shovel my neighbour's sidewalk
Tit [F]or Tat
Be unecessarily bitchy to me? I'll let you make yourself look dumb.
Be rude and need something from me? Alrighty then.
Never take hush puppies for granted
Leave me behind will ya?
Bring your own laptop charger
This isn't even that petty, but it makes me feel better so fuck it.
If I catch you cheating, you will lose even more.
Thought you didn't need valet
need help getting revenge
I hope you get fat!
Tailgate me? Enjoy your ticket.
Dump me, will you? Enjoy the nickname.
Sticks and stones may break my bones but math will always hurt you!Take my pocket watch? Itchy pube face for you!
Have a nice day
No cake for you
Not Sure If Petty/Pro/OrWhatever revenge. My Dylann Roof Story (because we know how it will end)
Have a nice day - Co mot ngay tot
It must be because I'm Asian...
Have fun waiting an extra week or so for your mail.
Karma is a rainbow flavored bitch.
Steal my Runescape gp? I'll ruin your friendships.
Lady gets mad after trying to use me like a gps, ends up getting screwed
Lady on train today
If you're a bad pet owner, you're gonna have a bad time...
My ongoing revenge on the landlord of nightmares
Enjoy buying a new lawnmower blade
Homophobe put back in his box
Uncle can't catch fish. Makes children barf.
Cut me off and then flip me off? Fuck you and your Tesla
My suitemates refused to clean the kitchen, so I mildly inconvenienced them.
Suck on that
Your shit is not my responsibility
Practice what you preach ladies.
Oi, I was here first
Roommate uses my power strip ad liberum without asking, I take back what is mine.
Cut me off, get back in line!
Don't bite me and then expect me to play with you.
Cut me off and I'll prove to you it wasn't worth it.
I can be petty too, Sue!
Girl down the hall is acting like a 12 year old
When you tell a music teacher "music doesn't matter anyways."
Ignore me? Have fun living in filth
Finals week revenge in the library.
Don't take my clothes out of the dryer and I won't let yours get moldy
I hope you like my gift wrapping.
Won't clean the bathroom? Expect some shit.
My dealer ripped me off (x-post via ProRevenge)
Want to be rude to me? Hope you enjoy your not as nicely shaped loaf of bread!
Break my things? Find another charger.
Eat my food? Have fun reassembling your bed!
I hate my brother's girlfriend. A lot.
Here's....your.....ch...aaaaange
Live Long and Prosper
You've got mail
Laugh at Kids with Cancer, Enjoy Black Friday Lines!
Tit for gaseous tat.
How to get someone back (Request)
Ghosts!
Obnoxious sign
Applause, Applause!
Mooch off a friend just to use his computer? NOPE.
"friend" messes around with me, well how do you like a trip to the doctors?
Its simple look it up on youtube
Seriously though, everyone already wanted an average revenge sub to begin with.
May the Force Be With You, Sir.
Greetings
Bringing a knife to a gun fight.
Be mean to my friends and family, I take your candy and ruin your photos.
Kill em' with kindness
No extra credit for you!!
Your Face Will Get Stuck
Christmas Lights Festival
Berate my friends and family in front of me, I take your candy and ruin your photos.
Treat me like a side piece? Think again. [NSFW]
"It's only fair."
Break up with my friend? Enjoy the public snub on social media!
Steal my seat on the plane and refuse to give it back?
I saw this on fb and thought I'd share it with you guys
Crossing that Line
Tell me what to do? Gladly.
To be Able to Exact Petty Revenge is abPrivelege, Indeed.
The Phantom Parker: How to drive someone up a wall
Pettiness escalation in morning traffic
What's his age again? What's his age again?
Teach you for reversing down a one way street
When driving, always be patient.
Would you like the senior discount?
Try to blind me? Feel the burn, baby!
Take that you lazy co-worker
Clean Your Own Goddamn Teeth
Well I'm bothering you now
Don't talk shit before it's over
The petty piñata party
Be a little shit while I'm stuffing your bear? Hope you like sniffing dragon ass.
How to take petty revenge from guy next door who doesn't use earphone?
Dad's Petty Waitress Revenge
I can wait longer than you can.
Racist gets what she deserves... and a little more
Honk at me as soon as the light turns green and you're gonna get home later
This is what you get for bringing dirty boots to the lockeroom
Here, let me destroy the environment for you.
Nuke colleague's personal emails on office computer
Cut me off in a busy parking garage? Hope you don't my taking your spot.
Retail Petty Revenge
Hair today, gone tomorrow.
Give me a dirty look? Hope you're good at counting.
Try to reneg after I've gone way out of my way to make a deal with you?
Grab the cue ball off the table, your day will come.
Pour paint on my friend's windshield? Troll Mode activated.
You can wait to pee. Wait. Longer.
how about I dry your laundry for you?
Confusing Pen RevengeCon me out of a good seat? Enjoy your search for your carry-on bag.
My revenge on a meat head who was harassing me on a boat
Get annoyed at me while I'm trying to cook dinner? Enjoy your lame fries
Simulated death on the highway.
Emotionally abuse my friend? Hope you have a jack.
What I did after receiving horrible service
If you're gonna be a dick, make sure you're the biggest dick around.
My girlfriend's revenge
Guy waits in left turn lane, but won't budge.
Don't follow simple directions and talk down to me, fine enjoy sitting in an oven.
You want Starbucks that bad, huh?
Does this ketchup smell weird to you?
The dish hoarder
You don't let me merge, I don't let you merge
Annoy the passengers on our commuter bus? Enjoy my stinky foot.
Degrade me as a server? Enjoy your "vegan" veggie burger
My Grandpa, the Faithful Asshole
Play loud music through your head set, well let me ask you some questions.
Instant recline? Have some light
Hope you had fun straightening your bras
Bitching at me for being a bad roommate? Have fun with Jill tonight!
Cant be bothered to hold the elevator? Feel my petty wrath!
Try text next time
No words from you? No words from me.
Throw stupid acronyms around? I call your bluff
Your job title calls you the controller, but I feel like I have the upper-hand..
The long con...
I clogged a toilet and made my manager reach in and unclog it
Stare at me daily while I eat my lunch? Not today!
Mod of this SR exacted petty revenge and sabotaged my earlier post. Deleting it and reinstating it back into some obsure on reachable level. It was in the number 1 spot and rising, but the little dictator didn't like my update. Pathetic little shrew.
Revenge is a dish best served with an ungodly amount of ground pepper.
Bookie Revenge on Coworker
Tell all your friends I cheated on you? Have your jealousy validated.
Don't you dare kick me out of my seat for a friend, when you could move as well
Don't piss off a neighbor who gets up early
Amazon "Guaranteed" Shipments
If you want more space, don't fly economy
Dirty dish war: the first battle has been waged.
Use up all the hot water? Two can play that game.
CL car buyer is a royal pain when purchasing a used vehicle from me..
Make me do your job? Say bye to your favourite pen.
Dirty Dishes
Leave me a seven percent tip? Have fun finding your credit card.
McStompersons woke up at 4:30 this morning...
Delicatessen Delight
Screw up the entire class, will you?
Take 3 weeks to cash my check? Have fun waiting til the 1st
Have a lovely morning
[request] How can I majorly embarrass some ex-clients that owe me money?
(Petty) Revenge is a bed best served cold
[Meta] Give your story a title like this? Enjoy me not reading it.
Don't want to go turn off the light you left on? Have fun trying to sleep.
Stood me up and....what should I do?
Steal my pizza? Have fun drinking water.
First class is sweet
You're rude to the guy handling your food? HA, see what happens!
Annoy me all night? Enjoy your hat!
Triggered a panic attack in a creepy stalker.
Buying a(nother) Car
Dunkin' Donuts Coffee fiend
A Farmer in Croatia Got Revenge on People Parking in His Field
Revenge is best served in the form of a grilled cheese.
Snowed
Entitled driver? Feel my petty wrath.
Don't invite little bro to Thanksgiving? Watch baby brudda get ultimate revenge
basicaly this
Petty and poppy
Need to exact some petty revenge on an abusive ex **tw: abuse, sexual assault**
Incompetant and demeaning Boss? Give her free doughnuts!
No software for me? No cookies for you.
Creak, creak, BANG.
Petty revenge double take....."No"means "No" you hag.."
Toy with my heart, I'll enjoy your wifi
Have fun with no dishes.
Oh, I'll fix it for you.
Try to keep me from seeing my "other family"? Have fun suffering no consequences whatsoever......
"No" means "No" hag
Take my jam-tastic musical stylings, you oversensitive angsty squidget.
The Great Computer Debacle (x-posted from /r/raisedbynarcissists)
How about I help to dry your laundry for you?
Be mean at family dinner? Enjoy having shitty cookies at Thanksgiving.
Demand a cigarrette and cash? Get trespassed!
Steal my milk?enjoy having the shits you thief
"Could you bag my groceries as heavy as possible?"
Be rude to me, I'll buy your lunch
so you call to bill the wrong guy? then you'll call the wrong wrong guy
Craigslist Scammer has his week ruined.
Let me help you dry your laundry (forever)
Try to make me jealous? Have a nice night!
Let Me Help You Dry Your Clothes (forever)
Neighborly dispute.
So I got revenge on an asshole gamer a few months back through Xbox Live.
Spoiled brat gets her comeuppance: laundry style
Let me out before you get in.
Got some incredibly petty revenge on my ex GF
Beat a prank caller at their own game
How I dealt with my messy and loud roommate
Left a surprise for the office change thief
Beat a scam caller at his own game
I know you like your change!Horrible housemates
Christmas tree in November? What a load of baubles.
Petty revenge on a bad landlord
Change that folds, change that jingles.
My brother sets his alarm to an unreasonably time, then leaves and never turns it off
My brother sets his alarm to an unreasonably time, and leaves never turns it off
Don't cut me in the fast food line.
Think you deserve all of the jewelry? Think again, sister.
Your sticker is mine now.
It's *not* cold; but here, burn your pathetic mouth on this!
Sandwich a solo girl at an eSports event, and proceed to blow a vuvuzela in the middle of a large crowd? Get called out
Have fun training your new waitress
Butter Vs Bike
Yeah, my face didn't need a nose anyway.
Lie about me? No candy for you.
Change for a $100
Crazy ex got what she deserved
Roommate is a jerk.
Slut I hate
Petty revenge on careless driver
Tip your bartender!
Lie and get me fired, try to get your work emails now!
Tip your bartender!
Old man stiffs my friends and I after we shovel his driveway, sidewalk and front walkway. We turn it around on him
Exact change
Don't feel like driving that far? Now you're driving even farther.
Revenge on an awful estate agent, featuring my mum circa 1992
Eat my pizza, will you?
This job really does stink!
Dating a new guy, his ex-girlfriend messages me on Facebook. 2 years later, after I marry him, I finally respond.
Roommate is passive agressive and sexiles me from room, I too pass something on her property
Husband pissed off at boss, exacts petty revenge
Fuck your balloon.
Petty revenge on my narcissistic classmate
Let the dude keep shoveling
A trip to the zoo
If you won't let me sleep, I won't let you sleep in.
Make me wait in the checkout line because you misread an offer?
Loudmouth MIL gets an earful of my Dyson
Other people need to use these washers/dryers
You don't wanna do your job? Have some milk.
Boss thought he could do anything he liked. Nope.
Reading the same novel series I am through the same library as me eh?
My family keeps forgetting/ neglecting to call me on my birthday.
Don't want to sleep? Be my guest.
Surpise for company 30 days after I got laid off
Take credit for my work during my internship? Lick away...
Looking for advice on how to get revenge on a Craigslist scam.
Don't Crowd Me In Zumba Class
Park so close I have to enter from my passenger side?
Cut my friend in line? Fuck you
"My house, my rules" works both ways
Returning a favour
Bitch stop tailgating me and other cars!
Do not park slightly over in my spot. I'll make sure you can't open the driver's side door.
A Teacher's Revenge
cum guzzling bucket slept with my boyfriend
Spread rumors about me? Here's a dodgeball
Ignore your baby girl? Guess I'll teach her how to talk for you while you're away.
Don't be a tool at my Maccas
Spray my car? How does it feel+
My girlfriend doesn't want to go out tonight, the first night we have alone in around a month, so I'm getting her back with farts
Revenge is so sweet. (First Post)
The Great Racquetball Shitvenge
Reckless driver, meet the barrier.
Enjoy paying for your own drinks, ladies!
Dogs learn pretty quickly.
Man Vandalizes Gravestone of Deceased Man He Claims Stole $300 From Him 56 Years Ago
Their last meal was cookies...
I enjoy standing still and spinning on the spot.
How dare you embarrass me
Revenge on friend who pounds the piano
Alright alright alright
Lottery lady gets shut down
Honk at me? Thanks. No really, Thanks!
I HAVE THE POWER HERE
My HOA has fucked with me for the last time.
Best idea for pretty revenge
Oh ok, I'll move slower.
Citizens park on farmers land after repeated warnings, farmer enacts petty vengeance.
Fungus on the back fence
Curb Alert: I'll take your couch.
Be a dick? No internet for you.
Something I've always wanted to do- Gridlock revenge
That's what you get for laying me off twice!
Piss me off and make my favorite student cry? Enjoy the seeds.
I'm a monster but she deserves it.
Your Mother Was A Hamster...
Ongoing revenge against housemate
Kick me out of class for a petty reason? I'll take an excused absence.
Call me an inconsiderate teenager because of your bad driving? Enjoy a bath!
Drive too fast on my road, get reported for having no road tax and MOT
I'm Not Your Alarm Clock
Told a guy I'd rather burn my notebook than give it to him
Hit me in the head for no reason? Enjoy getting embarrassed in front of the entire grade.
You say I have a southern accent?
(Personal) Space Invaders
Looking for petty revenge help!
Bullying gone wrong
I was used as a springboard while sleepingGirl at a night club said it be "funny" if I got raped
Being an obnoxious little shit? I get paid to scream in your face.
Wanna play chicken?
Post office parking lot pettiness
Sister stole my blanket.
Retail pettiness
Putting your cars flashers on entitles you to block all traffic - I don't think so.
Enjoy your cold breeze
Criticized Game Developers For Acting Like Children/My Revenge= Them making themselves publicly look like fools.
Revenge on ex
I too got cut off when trying to park at my University. I forced the perpetrator to move on!
8th Grade Volleyball is always entertaining.
Want to pick fights? Enjoy your birthday message
Could you guys help with some petty revenge?
You don't pay rent, you don't get to use our address
A car cut me off to take a parking space; turns out, it's too small for her giant car. Meanwhile, I got another [more spacious] spot a little further down :)
You're JAYWALKING!!
Walmart won't sell me beer?
So you want to go first?
Put my clothes in the dirty dryer?
My 60yo mom performed a mighty petty revenge on the road today.
Oh I'm sorry, am I bothering you?
You seeing this pump, bro?
Stress test
I hope you like your smelly, wet clothes.
Can't settle on a product and proceed to rush me?
You made me late for school.
Don't hog a physics student's wifi!
The $8.3million newsletters.
Break up with me via email?
Honking your horn won't make us turn faster.
Taught my dog a lesson. Well, probably not, but it felt good anyway.
My frenemy
Catfish me? I'll expose you for the cheater you are. (NSFW)
It's my email, I get to have fun with it.
the stapler
Dollar General Cashier
From Left to Right.
My friends Dad, 57yo retired cop, posted this on facebook.
No sticker for you!
Flustered
I just wanted to pick up my package
Crumby revenge
Enjoy your stations
Dirty sock roommates
Pointless Overtake
Startled cyclist gets revenge.
They gave me stone-cold food
Shitty revenge on scam company.
Sometimes the best revenge is watching karma in action.
Dickwad gets broken tools
Traffic Jam
Your router? My corndogs.
Umbrage in the Camera Store
In which petty roommate justice leads to an assault, eviction, and arrest.
My childhood bully got nice to get homework answers
Driving can be fun
My coffee revenge from today.
Walk slow in front of me, then smell my farts as I walk past you.
Proving my childhood bullies wrong
No gift for the princess.
Don't eat my things *cough* *cough*
Refuse to do your job because you're a vegan? Fine you can go work in the cooler with no jacket.
Enjoy your hot lava
Yell at me over coffee and you get hot lava
Dont ride his ass
Leave junk in front of my apartment? Enjoy it smashing the stairs and sidewalk.
Don't tell me about delivering the rent? I won't tell you about delivering the receipt
Revenge against the system, Good or great idea?
Don't f***ing touch me you f***ing f***!
SIL posts stupid shit on my Facebook
netflix? no chill.
New supervisor woes
Rude brother
"someone will be thinking of me today..."
"No" means "No" you old crone!
Don't steal my milk
Horrible teacher is called out in class
2 guys, 1 girl, and many spoilers
Because you honked and sped past.
Delete my Amazon cart, Say hello to your new Netflix profile.
I will make you wait.
Enjoy your water.
That'll show her! (X-post /r/trashy)
I'm sorry, you'll get it when you're older.
Me vs. My Arch Nemesis in Middle School (xpost from AskReddit)
Mild buttwad in my class doesn't always deserve my attention
How to tick off a Teacher, who wronged you
Complimentary poo poo platter.
White trash?
Here, Have Our Trash.
Campsite jerk tried to bully us. Nope.
Don't strand me in a strange city.
Harass my Counter Clerk = Get Banned, Arrested, and Towed
Accuse me of cheating? Better watch your data usage...
The sign on the door says "chemicals in use".
Rocky Revenge
Do a half-assed job? No share of tip for you!
I can't plant flowers?
You Forget Sir, It Is I Who Holds The REAL PowerPetty Call Center comeuppance
Do your job? Sure!
We don't need a recap of every episode of Big Brother.
Leave passive-aggressive sticky notes? Enjoy logging back into windows.
Neighbor towed my car... need some ideas.
What else did he expect me to do with his address?
Room mate drank my beer
Fire ME will you? Well, in that case...
my speakers are louder than your dogs
Use your phone during a movie? Suffocate
Enjoy reading a shit-ton, chem teacher. (feat. emotional story about atoms)
Enjoy reading
My dad is being petty and I'm going to benefit
Bike and car, the bike lane mornings.
Racist woman on bus gets more than she bargains for..
My mate threw my things out of bathroom and went to bathe
Entitled Bitch yelled at me for half an hour, then got embarrassed.
Fucked with the wrong delivery girl.
McDonald's Drivethrough Victory
Both at 9 points in Catan. Caught a cheater by turning his cheating into my victory.
Revenge On The Oxygen Poaching Co-worker
waste my time? miss breakfast hour at bk.
Debt collectors called me 13+ Times today... It's on!
Try to use language barrier to get a better deal, I'll raise the price.
good luck with your 'no public bathrooms' policy
Oh, so you like your Brights?
Wreck my summer camp stay? Out you go.
Lowball me once, shame on me. Lowball me twice, I'll make you squirm.
The red Camaro
Woman was an a-hole on a flight. Sneezed on her and threw open sachets of salt and pepper in her purse
Ignore our guest, your mom? Enjoy 2x the revenge
No popcorn for you
Do people really race anymore?
A reminder. This is PETTY revenge. Not I got you fired or suspended revenge.
We are breaking up? Surprise! I've been keeping all the money you've paid me for rent in an account to pay your student loans after we get married.
Tailgate me and try to run me off the road? Prepare for payback.
The fly's last laugh
Be careful how extra you want your pickles...
Okay, if you insist, we'll do it by the book.
Bully a girl in front of me? I'll tell your mom you blew your boyfriend under the bleachers.
Grand theft sock
Provoke me, and I will make you thank me for your inconvenience.
The Irritable Cashier
I hope they get in before they notice.
Cut off a fellow good driver? To bad you're behind me.
You like your rules? Fine, we can play by the rules. All of them.
Stop me mid-sneeze? You will never sneeze again
Waited a year for this.
No ice, ice, baby.
You are impolite to this boy I like? Take my revenge!!
Sure, I'll clean that for you.
You want respect? I'll give you respect.
Be the person you dog thinks you are.
You are unpolite to this boy I like? Take my revenge!!
Don't let me sit with my friends? Enjoy getting bombarded with students.
Don't mess with townies
Finally got revenge on my shitty roommate who loved humiliating me.
Mooch off of a friend just to use his computer? NOPE.
Smelly dog farts
Bombs away, you naughty boys!
Kid steals my car and I steal his right back.
If I can't sleep well neither will you.
Want to end class early, eh?
Clog the toilet and don't tell anyone? Sorry your stuff got piss water all over it...
Ukraine can't war Russia
Don't want to get off your ass to send me important documentation? Have fun getting burned.
Two Shy Poopers Meet in a Loo
Lousy housemate? Enjoy your rash
Those Ding Dongs
This struck me as funny.
Be a dick to me? Ok
'Tis the season to be vengeful!
Take that you mean professor!
Park next to a "no parking sign"? Enjoy your ticket
Out of state driver being an asshole on the road.
Won't move out of the way? Pardon me!
Vegetarian Revenge: A Dish Best Served With Crackers
Neighbor blasted Aerosmith, I took her electricity, money and food away
Neighbor blasted Aerosmith, I took her electricity, money and food away
Birthday Blues
Online Shopping in Pakistan - Shoppingbag.pk
I'll put my mug wherever i damn well please!
Not so popular now are you buddy!?
Thank you for the new Ray Bans
Closing Time
Make me miss my girlfriend's birthday because you're high? I don't think so.
My MIL Refers To Me As "That Thing"
Government "home" revenge on a worker
Just revenge.
No more food for you!
Be rude to me ? Get half the day off work.
Be a total bitch to me at work? Enjoy that parking ticket.
Nothing but dirty looks in stock? No commission for you!
String me along after breaking my heart?
[META] a Majority of this sub is not Petty and it's just People Acting like Douchebags
Cranky old a-hole and the fence he had to pay twice for.
You're new to the job? No excuse, Do it RIGHT!
Go Yankees!
MRW I first post to this sub and people dont call me an asshole.
Loudly clip your nails at your desk? Enjoy your decaf.don't upset someone who has all of your passwords
Bitch at me for being nice? Get your lazy ass up
Royal Revenge!
Walk into my lane multiple times when I am bowling and bump into me ?? Have fun walking in your beer shoe.
Jerk woman and her dog...
Jerk woman and her dog....
Post a Garage Sale when you’re not open? Your toddler will pay the price.
So much for saving money!
Post a Garage Sale when you’re not open? Your infant child will pay the price.
Oh so you're going to be an immature, spoiled brat, how about some brutal honesty?
Steal my earphones? Let's see where you'll use them.
Call me stupid? Enjoy your long, now two-way bus ride.
Cut us off? Enjoy us riding your bumper.
Don't respect the fact that I work nights? Well then enjoy the view.
As a waitress...
Post a Garage Sale when you’re not open? Your infant child will pay the price.
So your boyfriend who basically lives at our house doesn't need to contribute to the bills, huh?
Block my MAC address? I block every single one of yours.
Don't TP my parent's house.
The best part of being a metalhead
Teenager annoyed my spine by pushing his knee on my plane seat.
A tale of two truck drivers...
Is this more than petty revenge? Guess I was a pretty evil child.
Don't waste my time with your crap communication.
No coup(on) for you!
My revenge on a police officer!
Don't ring the Goddamn doorbell if you want the good Candy
I can't have a taste? Neither can you!
Oh, you need your money right NOW?
The kid that sits in front of you on your flight
That kid that sits behind you on your flight...
I too have had the need to get back at Taco Bell
What happens when you're a butthead with the habit of leaving your laundry in the dryer.
Want to make fun of my religion? Have fun trying to figure out what the hell is wrong with your computers.
Good luck spreading the word with all the noise.
I finally taught Ann Taylor a lesson
Boss said no Halloween costumes this year, I say yes!
Want to be inconsiderate? Pay full price.
Dealing out guilt like a nun on steroids!
Park too close to me? That's ok, I'll just 'bump' your mirror and cause it to fold in.
McDonalds in my area let refuse get all over my residential area and refused to clean it.
I have this coworker who is constantly shitting on me, pulling pranks and generally being an ass. Any good ideas on how j can get back at him? I have his cellular number.
Play loud music? You're now the apple of my eye...
The Fence People
Don't ask if we are done? Fine, just pay for it.
Fancy a scavenger hunt?
Lazy people in my group project look stupid on presentation day
So you're a fan of our city's rules? Hope you're following all of them.
Lying manager gets whats coming
DO NOT CALL MY VINTAGE SUZUKI A "MOPED".
Awful hotel? You got the wrong one.
Check that YOUR house is up to code before accusing someone else.
WWYD? Enemy's accounts
Don't Block the Sidewalk!
How to cure Cunt
Bitch acts petty about stuff that happened months ago.
douchetastic driver
Angry man scaring my Mother-in-Law gets spoken down at like a kitten
The ultimate revenge stealing prank...
Keep pulling on the busted, occupied bathroom stall door? Be prepared to see my vagina
Tailgate me, will you?
Flash at me?! Enjoy my agonisingly slow driving
Don't ride my bumper if I'm already speeding!
Put pine cones in my car? Enjoy pissing yourself at 4AM.
Don't imply I'm stupid
You don't have a bag to pick up your dogs shit? I do!
You drive that Mustang, boy!
Breaking grocery store law will cost you
Honk at me at a red light? I'll honk at you at a red light!
Tailgate me on the road?
I may not be as popular as you are, but...
these are posted all over my area in Hong Kong - revenge on the Chairman of Axa
Blame me for nothing? I'll do your job last.
Just fucking reset the router will you?
Chip shop revenge
You want my parking space? Show some respect then.
Angry customer won't be getting closure after I was 'rude'.
I was the victim of unintended petty revenge.
I sent your blog to your top college choice
Took your tea mwuahaha
I sent your blog to your top college choice
Do you still wish to purchase it?
Blame me for burning dinner? Enjoy a surprise shower.
Petty parking revenge
Continuously interrupt class will you?
Cops called on my parking
Reckless, Aggressive Driver Gets His
Eat my food, will you?
When your lights are hooked to your Wifi
Do You Need To Hire A Lawyer? Read On!
Decide to be inconsiderate of other people walking down the hall? Enjoy waiting in line for the bathroom.
Be a shitty roommate? I'm gonna take a soda.
Fine. You can be the Green Lantern
Short helicopter mother and spoilt gobshite son!
Noisy neighbors when I try to sleep
An assistant nurse tries to tell me i am a glorified waitress
Fall asleep on a fight you started? Have some dirty glasses.
That'll Teach Ya
Bully me then hit on me? Oh, now it's ON.
Fail your assignment and blame me and then waste my time? I'll show you!Enjoy your ugly bump, bitch.
How much are you worth?
Sorry, no saving spots.
I witnessed something awesome.
Racist customer rants to me
Crazy Neighbor Falsely Accuses Me
Someone kept phoning me and sending creepy sexual messages after getting my number from an ad for a Halloween costume on a selling site. I retaliated by listing lots of fake but enticing adverts 'free puppy, urgent bar job £15 ph' etc with that persons number.
Pass me up for a well deserved raise? say goodbye to your biggest contract
Grocery cart revenge
"In case anybody needs it."
💁🏼
I've stooped to a new, petty low
Soooo satisfying
Pizza with an additional topping of spit!
Speeder gets slowed down
Fuck with me? Have fun taking the bus.
The time I framed a kid for sneaking Gushers into his mom's shopping cart
Steals my tip money right in front of my face!
Have fun living in a filthy house for a month.
Stood my coworker up several times? Now you can't step in my company!
Stop me on my lunch break to ask a bazillion questions?
Not even a you're welcome
My grandfather accidentally got revenge for me!
Tailgater suffers a slight delay.
Do not harass people
Bully another student? Face my wrath. (Update to 1st PR)
Don't mess with my pizza
This is why you always book your own ticket.
I hate my roommate.
Suck it Taco Bell manager!
Garbage Man Grudge
a not so nice ex....
Crusty Revenge
Steal my shit will you?
Enjoy the music!
Rude to my coworker?
They're MY grapes.
[Request] Halloween Daycare
The Average Driver's Petty Revenge
I need your help.
So you want to talk shit about me?
Spooktacular Subtle Vengeance
7th grade asshole
The pettiest thing I've ever done
Take my spot in the movie theater? I think not
My protective Dad
Gonna steal my stuff? Okay.
Enjoy your ticket. I'll enjoy my revenge.
Laugh at me in class when I forgot my notebook ?
Wash your mouth out
Revenge is best served wet
Too lazy to change the roll, enjoy not having any when you need it most.
Don't invite me to your party?
Ignore me while I service your call? Enjoy your wait!
Ride my ass while I'm speeding? Get pulled over!
No 18 wheelers? Then you don't get my money.
Drove 200 miles to see my friend to be ditch for netflix and chill
No I'm not pushing you on the swing
Her Bargaining Power Has Gone To The Dogs
Toilet paper is serious business.
Thanksgiving Revenge
Mayonegg
Swerving like you're in Men in Black when you're a mid-30's/F driving some black soccer mom van? Fuck you.
Take that, little brother.
Park in the temp spot when you have a dedicated one. I'm using your special spot temporarily.
New boss being a snotty bitch.... I'll show you!!!
Obnoxious woman keeps insisting that I am the Canteen, iThink I can oblige.
Don't do any work and mess up? Then I might "forgot" to tell you something...
Cut me off in traffic?
Lower the thermostat? I'll remove the buttons
Unexpected KFC Delivery in his office
Park in the EV Charging Only space? Enjoy your citation.
Have fun getting screwed
Thank you for supporting our program!
Shailene Woodley Meets The Tepid Revenge of a Skunk
Well that's one way to stop people peeing on the toilet seat.
Mark my test wrong and refuse to correct it? Enjoy getting fired!
No asparagus for you!
Say I can't have my burrito? Ok.
Try to kick that ball over the fence you jerk kids.
Awful school admin suddenly photogenic
Refuse to even say "OK"? Let me make your life slightly more difficult.
Ruin my politeness? Not gunna happen, eh
don't come between me and the ashtray
So the SO and I share the car at the moment....
An unusual method for an unusual situation
Good luck with your new business.
Abandon me at work? Enjoy family un-friendly movies.
Be a general asshole and I'll make you look stupid in front of the class
Facebook
Oh I'M a bitch? Just wait and see what this bitch can do...
Constantly having me cover for you with zero consideration for others? You try getting your work done.
Cut me off? Enjoy a nice call to your boss.
No miss, I don't work here but I'll most definitely help you find what you're looking for.
Annoying truck revenge
Leaving all your clothes on the floor in the fitting room for me to clean has its consequences.
Being a dick to a model student? I hope you choke on that penny.
You won't slow down as I approach the crosswalk into a Wal-Mart entrance? Fine. Neither will I.
A bull-headed gamer loses horribly by my hand.
CVS line-jumper gets their sweet comeuppanceperfectly petty revenge on perfectly petty behavior
Take advantage of hundreds of people? Have fun figuring out where that smell came from.
My sister didn't listen
Try to screw me out of $3k savings? I'll screw you out of potential sales
You can't be loud without power
My roommate broke my guitar case and never apologized, plus his gf has been extremely abusive to me when I don't even know her
Park like a d-bag? So will I
Sushi thief gets a taste of justice
Oh you have no clean plates...
Seat back and Tray Table Revenge...
Petty Housemate Revenge
Act like a child. Act like a child...
Boy helps to make my time in Highschool miserable, I help him to fail highschool.
Swear about me when you think I can't hear? Enjoy waiting for me to REALLY wash up.
Trouble at the Y
Got written up for bad review that was employers fault and written up by my employer for it.
Bus revenge
Can't decide between me an another guy? That's cool
I no longer admit to having a sister, but at least I got her back.
The spilling drunk
My (former) half-sister got what's coming to her.
My (former) half-sister got what's coming to her.
You're late for dinner? I'm letting someone else get the door!
Park in my space? Lose your valve cap.
Uncaring Film Watcher Feels My Deafening Wrath
Don't wave your hand inches from my face
A-Hole School Admin Gets what he deserves
Collective pizza revenge.
Treat my best friend poorly, and I will deflate your massive ego
Any working scammer numbers
Whoops, I accidentally took the exact food you had your eye on.
H2O2 and partially cut seam
No freebie for you
Getting back at bad roommates
Overcharge my friend...not a good idea.
Have fun with your watered down hot chocolate.
Waitress "I don't do 50 cents so I rounded up on your bill."
Take a day of holiday from me, forget me being polite in my emails then.
Lovely Fax Music
Why the fuck you lying?! GTFO with yo' lying ass lol
Why the fuck you lying?! GTFO WITH YO LYING ASS LOL
Steal my gems? Enjoy your eviction.
Made a guy say "Good morning" today.
Change for $100
Petty revenge that sort of backfired
Don't touch my chips!
Yell at me for using my phone before class even starts? No pristine formula sheet for you.
The snarky drive-thru lady
Insults beget puns
Try to cut me off and honk on me? Enjo being late for class
Hey guys I want to play a prank on some douchebag
Currently waiting to exact my petty book revenge
The Shhhhhhhh Lady
Looks like chevy impala parking to me.
Got fired today.
Flying in coach
Poop on the floor? No yogurt for you.
Making owners shut up their dogs.
Racist Spectator Gets Shut Down
Stop being smug or I'll very slowly waste your expensive soap.
Take that,
Screw you, Frenchy !
Don't honk at me in my own driveway.
Cousin stole my birthday money
You know you can find porn on the internet for free, right?
Neighborly revenge
Annoying kid ringing people
No Sticker For You!
We live in a city what is your rush?
You insult me during basketball? Ball is life.
You can't park across my driveway!
Be impolite in traffic? Suffer my over-politeness in turn.
[Meta] Help me get petty revenge on a serial catfish
Have fun moving your truck.
Scam me out of paying for what you're taking? I'll give it to you in the smallest cup possible
Enjoy your broken Butterfinger asshat!
You're hungry? Well, I was too!
Tailgate me? Enjoy your free shower, moped driver!
YOUR REVISION IS COMPLETE
X-Box live exploiters enjoy wasted time.
Tailgate me on the Interstate? Enjoy a car wash, on me!
Payday 2 petty revenge on a terrible game host (x-post from /r/paydaytheheist)
The Shit Handle
Unintentional, sweet sweet office revenge.
Act like an asshole, deal with a little stink
No, you can't have my parking space.
Mosh like a dick? Have your show ruined.
Don't leave the printer unattended.
Go ahead cut me in line
Apartment gate revenge.
Steal my lunch? Enjoy the Doritos!
Mess with my laundry? Suffer the consequences.
Not a story, just pettiness in your average candy shop.
WHY BE A HATER? I GET REVENGE!
Don't tune your f***ing ukulele while I'm sleeping...
Waste my time and I'll waste yours.
Not my music system.
Dr. Cardiothoracic Von ButtMunch
That's not a parking spot.
Had sex with my ex who cheated on my with 3 guys, but you know what? It was worth it.How to get petty revenge without repercussions
How did I get my pretty revenge??
To the owner of the electric car illegally parked blocking multiple parking spaces...
How's that pop taste?
Park like an ass and treat me like shit? Fine, I didn't want your service anyways.
Steal my lunch? I'll edit your PowerPoint.
I hope you like diarrhea.
Got pranked by a friend freshman year. Waited over a year for the perfect time to strike back.
Chinese buffet pettiness never tasted so good.
If you're warm, don't complain.
Decided to stand up for myself on an aeroplane
Home Owners Association is at it again
Rude Customers
Patience, young padawan...
Take that, lady!
Smack me in the face? I hope the ground enjoys your food.
Give away our reservation? Lose business.
Petty revenge on a spoiled kid.
My wife stole my wine!
No, Its more important for the piano salesman to play, not the customer.
My VERY petty revenge on my father in law.
Bullying me? enjoy your new reputation.
Looking to make life harder for an asshole who came through my work, all I have is a phone number
Pretty revenge behind the wheel
Cheat on a Charity 5K, get called out
How we have fun playing with phone scammers.
Packing peanuts. Packing peanuts everywhere.
Shitty teacher in a shitty town.
My neighbours are cunts and have older children.. So I changed my wifi name..
Petty revenge - Outburst denial to A&amp;&amp; litterbug
Thank you for holding that parking spot...
Be a shitty date? Pay for your own drinks. Cost me 40 bucks? Enjoy having trouble with work! [2 pettyrevge stories in one!]
Wrong email address
My son came home from kindergarten with two Thanksgiving crafts today.
Bring home a different girl every week? I don't want you to miss out on the final result.
Rush Hour &amp; a Rent-a-Truck jackass
Happy Birthday!
Pedestrian revenge
Have fun with diabetes
Steal by ball. Pay for it.
My dad's coworker is an asshole
SO meets up with ex during family vacation. Now he's parched.
I finally get to say everything I didn't to a high school bully.
Be nice to your cashier
People below me got me evicted for minor noise without ever bother to talk to me first. I wrote them this note, and left an "annoy-a-tron" sound device outside of their bedroom window.
Spoiled Bitch in the Parking Lot
Answer the Door.
No pumpkin flavor candy for you!
Ditch me, I ruin your weekend
Tailgate me? I'll see you soon.
Don't Want To Follow the Rules? Go Home.
Emotionally sensative men of Reddit, what is your Go-to 'fuck that bitch' story?
Hang up on me will you?
Know your place
The time I got back at the High School witch
Please stop with the tailgating stories
An extra little 'something'
Ride my ass in slow traffic? Have fun in the stopped traffic.
Like Rosa Parks, I stand for rights on a bus
Dont flash your brights at me
You'll learn bathroom etiquette one way or another.
I just discovered this subreddit and I love
Do unto others....(traffic revenge)
[NSFW] Had sex with my ex yesterday who cheated on me with 3 guys, but it was worth it.
Ex asked me to get back together with her, I agreed knowing I shouldn't. I made sure it didn't last a day.
revenge on an aggressively useless coworker
Super petty brother revenge
Before or after u get your revenge--psych up with this. Bring it On!!
Costco Sample Hog
Disrespect on the range met with pettiness
Good guy cop
Don't want to take your turn? Fine. Mr. Spider is going to help me.
Pushy salesman got the same treatment
An "alarming" revenge
Can't text me back? No media for you.
Passive-aggressive bitchery
Enjoy my different font sizes, font colors, spacing, and not clickable links.
How I paid back my friend for stealing my girl and going through my personal emails.
Be the worst roommate ever? No "social group" for you!
Assault Revenge
Be a bully/disruptive shit in class? Enjoy the burn in your retinas.
Class-wide Revenge
actual petty revenge
Laugh at me for not getting a ride to the bus stop? Get left out of ride and miss the bus yourself.
Screw you cabbie, this is my spot
You can't take back donations!
Want a fork? Nah. Not getting you one.
Come to work drunk and call me fat? Fine, enjoy the salsa buddy.
A good day to know a foreign language
Mother Nature's Revenge
Laundry Room Pettiness
He complained about a hat. So I gave him a hat.
Seriously - she could stand to lose a few...
Don't throw you cigarette butt out the window
New found appreciation for my Microwave's defrost setting
Don't enjoy me sitting next to you? OK, I'll give the seat to someone else.
My ex tried to make me jealous so I made her cat smellier
Dog Shit.
Sorry, didn't know you were in a rush
Piano guy upstairsReframing the pettiness
Noisy hotel guest payback
Don't piss off your younger brother...
Well worth the shits of fire the next day.
ACL Vengeance! Possibly C3 Vengeance for you other cities. I felt Violated when she grabbed my wrist and pulled my bracelet tight. I felt violated.
Block the whole road and get mad when I ask you to move? The tables have turned
Kick the back of my seat like a child? Enjoy nose scum, you scum.
Petty revenge at the top of the city.
There is no finer revenge than that which other people's kids inflict on your enemy.
Block the whole road and get mad at me when I ask you to move? Now I'll move slow
Be Rude &amp; Be Killed With Kindness
My Noisy Wife
Petty assist
Sheets revenge
Dick around at the till with a long line? No box for you!
Judge my grocery cart? Have fun unloading it yourself!
Nine-year old me honorably stands up for driveway hygiene
Wake me up at five in the morning with ninja tricks? Eat boogers.
Don't steal my cookie.
Try to get a laugh at my expense only to end up learning that I'm a former kickboxer.
Teenage Snapchat Pettiness
Roommate parking order revenge.
Boyfriend made me cry, no cereal for you.
Justice in band class
Keeping time in the express lane
Cunt neighbours from hell.
Maybe petty anger?
You don't want me to hold the door open for you? Alright then open it yourself.
You don't want me to open the door for you? Then do it yourself.
A tale of mistaken identity.
Let that be a lesson to you!
Self-entitled Travellers
Being nice will save you time
Wake me up? I think I'll wear shoes this morning.
You woke me up for what?
There is no finer revenge than that which other people's kids inflict on your enemy.
Rude Cab Driver Gets a Petty Lesson
I was browsing /r/all when I found a sub that needed some petty revenge...
Learn not to throw away somebody else's property.
"Have a nice day!"
Petty revenge victim
No cupcakes for you!
when a parking ticket means so much more.
Lend you money and not being nice, no smiley faces for you!
Soy milk is now extra so I'm going to use my AMEX
Loose me my job why don't you.
Don't let your dog shit outside of my door!
Maybe if you hadn't been so careless, Gerard.
Thanks for telling my son about the Disneyland trip you took my niece on at his birthday dinner.
You don't like my laughing? Then prepare to get dumped.
Random Party
Sir, you have to pay for that!
I know she cries every time she gets them.
Tell me how I park my car wrong I dare you!
Very petty train revenge
This is why I was hesitant about committing to an MMO.
Keep submitting posts with the same title layout? Now you get to listen to me bitch about it.
Clean up your mess next time...
If I'm gonna be your taxi, I expect Payment.
I let my shithead brother in my house knowing he is a thief.
Go ahead, take that "parking spot"
You like being a creepy old guy? Enjoy your crumbly supper
Yell at me? No ranch for you!
Camping
Neighbors crazy ex parked in my spot
Enjoy your blurry, shaky wedding video.
Need some advice, thinking about leaving this note on my car as a disclaimer...Thoughts?
Playing on your greatest fears.
"I paid a 13 year old rapper to write a diss track about my ex-girlfriend who cheated on me" from /r/notTimandEric
Talk in the silent study area? Smell my wrath.
Cashier taught a lesson
Rise and shine, scouts
Parking Lot Revenge with an Officer Assist!
Force us to use ancient parking machines? Have fun cleaning out all the 10 cent coins
Be mean to me? Ok
Let me mildly inconvenience you
This bro-chad had it coming...
Won't be needing this
Wet notes make your bartenders' hands wet, slow down service, soak the other cash in the register and piss me off.
You wanna fuck me over on this week's cleaning duties? Have fun throwing anything away for the next week.
Revenge on apartment complex
Won't back up so I can parallel park? Have fun WAITING
Don't hide the chocolate!
College pranks
Don't do your work, I'll take my break.
Honk because you're impatient. I'll make you wait.
You turn of the bathroom lights while I'm taking a shit for 10 minutes and refuse to open it even if I'm asking for it because I need to wipe?
A recipe for penultimate petty revenge.
Would have let you merge if you weren't a dick!
Do your job the right way
No recruiting chitchat for you, Rudey Ruderson
I am the darkness
Out snobbing a snob
A woman threw a drink in my face
Eat my pizza...no more!
Won't stop texting me over a CL ad? Enjoy your own...
No BRITA filter for You
Working in at the gym
Just a taste.
Call me worthless? Let's see how much your dignity's worth, eh?Trying to charge me a penny per gallon extra for my gas? I think not.
Got the best use of a shopping cart I have ever had
Make excuses to miss the bus? Enjoy being tormented by your peers
Make me late, mix your own coffee.
You don't want me to make your job easier? Okay.
Sweet, chocolatey revenge
Cut the drive thru line? You have awakened a honking giant.
Enjoy your tea
Aunt always put me down finally got a bitter taste of her own medicine
Just because I'm trying to be nice doesn't mean I don't know you are lying your ass off.
Cheat on me repeatedly with your ex..? It's all good....
Traveled 2 hours to see a concert and he tried to sell the tickets to someone else
Don't give away private details in a public place
Stop closing my blinds.
A woman stood in a handicapped space, forcing my coworker to wait to park this morning.
Keep me up until 3:30 practicing your freestyling? Enjoy my friend's garage rock band!
If you want to act like a child, so can I
Ok car dealership. You wanna fuck with me I'll fuck with you!
Lie to me and use me for a year then leave me for someone else? Expect pettiness to follow.
Hi Nancy =)
Ticket for one day expired plate?
Wake me up at 5am when I have work in the morning?
New hire thinks he can give me orders at work?
Won't break my $20?
Cripple the LAN, internet mysteriously dies
Expect me to keep cleaning up your messes? Prepare for my pettiness.
Ride my ass on the interstate? Guess I'll be going the speed limit for once today.
Cut in line? Enjoy rubbing up against me.
Repeatedly tap me on the back? Have fun watching me leisurely pay for my stuff
My brother likes to steal my MexiCoke. Tonight the tables have turned...
The sandwich revenge
Lazy jerk!
No Wi-Fi for you
Pass me in line for the bathroom and deal with the petty consequences
Bakery B
Stolen Parking Spot
Valentine's day dinner revenge
Don't give a crap about my package? I won't un-steal these cards!
Not your typical tailgating petty revenge..
Petty Revenge Against a Shitty Mother
Being an abusive boss? Have some of your own medicine back.subreddit.
Don't mess with the people who prepare your food.
Don't mess with my quesadillas..
Petty revenge on tutee.
Change your name to something ridiculous, I pretend not to know your name.
So you stole my shoes...
My Brother loves Leaving The Toilet Seat up so...
You filled my room with balloons?!
My drawing isn't good? Your ability to dress yourself isn't.
Revenge at the Chess Tournament
Attack my ankles while I carry my newly finished project to its place in the living room?? Have fun re grooming yourself before your nap.
The revenge of the tastebuds
Foul Language in a Family Restaurant
BMW Hate is Strong with this One
Passive aggressively chew me out for a joke remark about ice? Guess you don't get any of this free pizza!
Being passive-aggressive will get you nowhere
Dominoes changes their delivery radius and loses a loyal customer of over 20 years.
Talk smack at me behind my back? I make all your friends laugh at you.
Why are you in my home?
Shit in my bathroom? Let's see how long it takes you to find your keys.
YOU get a smoke break? I get a "smoke break".
Just change the damn toilet paper roll!
Lazy in laws can deal with their own trash
Please keep a safe distance from my car
Scream at your kid in front of everyone? Enjoy your cold food.
I don't have a supervisor lady.
Take your time on a right turn? I'll get you...
Roommate revenge
Annoy me about my personal relationships, have fun being cold.
What happens when two Americans disturb a sleeping Scottish man on a bus
Rude Car Salesman
Lost and Not Found
Break up with me, then come back two years later? I don't think so
Not this time!
Las Vegas New Years Bullies
Snobby cheerleader taking up a whole seat in a crowded bus...
Next time, keep your mouth shut.
This morning a large truck trailing an excavator swerved and side-swiped the woman in the minivan who cut me off.
My fix it all
Be a bitch and get me kicked out of our dorm room? Enjoy the smell of rotting tuna.
The day I ate two cookies
Found out my narcissistic, bitch sister who has put me down for years is very mildly allergic (? idk if thats the right word) to parseley
My pettiness over a winter parking battle continues
Dude takes off on a wave I was on, gets pettied HARD
Closure denied, two ways.
Don't like my team? Fine.
how to deal with hot GF's who break up with you
Shitty UPS revenge
Neighbor's loud butt-rock bluetooth speaker. Need to hack speaker.
[Meta] Anyone getting sick of these Netflix posts?
Order up! But not for you
Apartment under loud construction for months? What a perfect time for me to break in my heels.
Tag team petty revenge!
No Parking means "NO PARKING!"
Entitled, whiny, messy roomate
Your tiny-ass car does NOT need two spaces.
I deserved it...
Netflix? No chill.
Help with some revenge.
Piano playing at its best.Park in handicap space everyday... [Request]
Pettiest of parking revenges - Part 2
grumpy pants on the train
Have fun finding your clothes
Battle of the badly behaving boardgamer
Dating Sucks
Coworker kept messing with my wipers.
Lab Revenge
Landlord takes my sisters drinks out of the fridge when I was helping her move on a hot day
Parker Lots can't Lose
i don't get angry
Another shitty parker revenge story
Someone parked as to make it difficult to leave my spot.
Get a better room at the hotel during our conference? Spend the entire week in the windowless basement room.
Didn't Park In The Lines? I'll Still Park Next To You
How to get back against upstairs neighbor who wakes me up before 5:30 am
I sent my cheating ex wife to jail
How to deal with bovine housemates
My entitled, snobby sister gets her comeuppance
Salty.
Shitty Boss
You almost ran me over, shouted at me, swore at me, and now you want my parking spot? NOPE.
My neighbor's tree almost killed me. He didn't care. My best petty revenge thus far.
Pillage my desk? Enjoy your malware
Don't want voicemail? Too bad.
Cinemistake
I used to think Petty Revenge was a dish best served cold...
So you want to tailgate me?
Mother in law deletes my Netflix watch list and adds her shows
Tailgating is mean!
Mother-in-Law deletes most Netflix to watch list
Don't let your keys stick in the door.
Newspaper revenge. (Found on r/funny)
Unpleasant Down Stairs neighbor gets the cat litter treatment...
Petty revenge on an asshole "friend" at a bar.
Setting: Rectal Volcano.
That's right, relax, put your feet up.
Dump your work on me and waste everyone's time? Just wait!
Dumb your work on us and waste everyone's time chatting about nothing? Just wait!
Constantly undermine me and never own up to mistakes? I've got revenge for that
No data for you.
Petty revenge that turned into much more
Root Beer Revenge
Probably a bit much, but oh well
You ignored me to fiddle with your phone
Ex fiancée and I broke up a year and a half ago because she cheated on me. She still shops exclusively at Fred Meyer.
Be polite if you're in a rush
[META] are Canadians particularly petty about our revenge?
Insult me? Make me feel like second best? I'll give your bed away bitch!
My roommate said he better not hear my alarm clock go off at 4am on a Saturday, so I set it for 3:59. That lucky bastard doesn't have to be at work until 9.
My roommate said he better not hear my alarm clock go off at 4am on a Saturday, so I set it for 3:59. That lucky eastward doesn't have to be at work until 9.
Repeatedly Cut Off In Traffic. Revenge? Go slow.
Hope you enjoyed all that change!
You almost ran me over!
Parking peeps
Oops I pressed forward.
I stole the Precious
Honking at me when I'm in a bad mood wasn't a good idea man
I'm actually a good student, so please start being a good teacher
Accountant's petty revenge.
"I did it."
I renamed my ex's hard drive without her knowing, then she went shopping...
Sweet dreams.
Juicy justice for misgendering moron
You don't read your CC. Then deal with your shit client.
Oh I'm sorry, did you want one too?
"no woman can show me something on a car that i can't figure out myself."
thats fine.. i'll report you to facebook
Remind me you're older and I'll remind you right back
Don't do the dishes? No neopets for you.
Don't you hate it when someone keeps kicking the back of your chair? Yes? Too bloody bad.
Stall Wars: The Random Menace
Can't drive into your nice gated community? Have fun waiting!
Maybe if you did your job we would take you seriously.
Eye for an eye. Bad parking for bad parking.
Who's the bitch now!
Someone honked at me.
Farts
Revenge on 'Friend'
Pettiest of parking revenges
Pettiest of parking revenge
Back it up lady.
Internet Tech support got petty revenge on me
A tale of 2 petty revenges...
Help me get revenge! On a back stabbing friend.
Don't Shit Where You Eat, My Friend
Call me for a survey? Well, I need to know some things first...
Don't block my car in
So I have this downvote troll...
Fart Sandwich
"Oh, do you low Chinese?" No, but I can make you think I do.
Attack of the Gullible Bully.
No Prize No Ice Cream
Give me back my book, ya dick
Petty revenge on a lazy coworker.
My father and I paid his last child support check in a rather... creative manner.
Pee on the seat in a bathroom stall at a busy movie theater.
Why you shouldn't be mean to customer service agents
My quasi-psychopath friend, his p-r-r-r-recious ring, and the epic journey of frustration
It took half an hour to scrub the residue offA little petty revenge on Rash Hashanah
Don't Let the Door Hit Ya
Grocery Cashier Petty Revenge .
Mormons avoid my house now.
Enjoy Using the Bathroom In the Dark
Honk at me while I'm waiting to turn? Now you look like an ass
I just want my water pressure
Fuck it, I like M&amp;M's
Up your price? Have fun waiting for nobody to show up!
Front garden is not a bin.
Worst Customer I Had (Retail) - I Delayed and Scared Him a Bit
Giving it the heave-ho
Gas station petty revenge
Mock me? I won't tell you when the oven is ready
so my mother didn't attend my wedding because she got "lost"
Who's watching now!
Set the toilet paper to over? i don't think so...
Intimidate me into breaking security protocol, I'll break it again.
Next time you die
I'm sure your penis is very impressive, dear. Enjoy my bag knocking you.
Don't send me a Visa Gift Rewards card and block it from working in 50 places.
Eat my food and I'll poison it for you next time.
The perfect revenge: keeping the rules.
You're rude? How about you lose some money.
I guess this qualifies as petty
Boyfriend thee my stuff in street few months back.....tonight......my turn
How I Got Back at My Principal Who Expelled Me Because of a Lie
Deleted an entire page from my Bully's Extended Essay, fails it and fails the year.
Pens &amp; Labels!
Waste my time, I'll waste your money
Hardware Store Revenge
Fat free for me.
Reciept Revenge for the Truly Petty
Moved out, crossed off neighbor's name on mailbox and wrote "Wanker" instead.
I'm moving out soon, so he can kiss my ass.
Jeep vs Eos.
I didn't know being an usurper could feel so good.
I spit on my roommate's dishes
The Recycling Fairy
Seat Blocker on the Bus
Revenge on my son
I'll give you the one you opened.
Tips Needed Neighbors Kids Pain in the Ass
Five-year-olds can be pretty petty too.
I may have gone too far....
Have fun waking up at 4.
I owe you money, do I?
Service tech rude to support? How about we cost you some money.
Don't mess with my AC
Move my dorm sticker? Have fun finding yours!
Crazy homeowner's association enforcer gets a taste of her own medicine.
Redecorate my computer, and I'll shut yours down.
Received offer? Sent counter offer.
The Mystery Toothpick Threshold - petty revenge unrealized?
Engineers should never mess with their dispatchers
Break up with crazy? You're in for a fall.
A Tale of Wifi
tl;dr I glitterbombed my cheating ex
No tips for you!!!
"You're not responsible enough to own a house."
No cheese for your lunchables
Lead me on for 9 months? Two can play at that game.
Parking for Shitheads, Mum Style
Stop being lazy
Make me stop and I'll make you wet
I look young and inexperienced, but I won't be taken advantage of
Hello there Mr. Coffee Cup
You're not my boss. Don't f***ing act like it!
"You're not responsible enough to own a house." Right.
Well, now I'm not moving
That's a lot of straws...
Just because you're old doesn't mean you're crippled
You Will Pay
Don't fax me on my landline in the early hours...
Tailgating Revenge
I see it more as punushment than revenge but here you go
When you report a pedophile-ring to the cops, they arrest you.
Be a dick to my friends and I'll mildly inconvenience you...
Roommate Promises
Petty Revenge Gone Horribly Wrong!
Drunk call talking shit about my Fiance?
Not sure if this counts since she did it to herself
My gmail address is a fairly common word and gets used frequently when people just make up an address, resulting in me getting their email
Took care of your laundry for you
It was just trash, right?
Bring me to tears at my call center? Enjoy petty karma
So this guy in my class kept taking my water...
Toddler's revenge
Update: No poptarts? No lemon.
Don't offer me a job, and then recant.
Revenge on stickler co-worker bartender
Steal my seat? Enjoy being a Smurf.
Never ruin one's plans to do nothing.
2 tales: the Easter Eggs, the Haircut
(NSFW) "F--k you, Neckbeard c:"
Don't honk, don't tailgate.
Call me Santa, I make your kid cry.
My "friend" took advantage of me for the last time.
You steal company time to plan your wedding; I'll steal your desired email addresses
Bet you won't drink MY liquor again!Don't push people under water.
Ignore our offer to buy? The buyer can pat more upon their next power bill.
Oh, you're glad I broke up with him?
Grandma caught in the act
Treat a customer like crap? Enjoy staying late.
Pay attention when you drive.
Petty cashier revenges!
Stinky Revenge Is The Best Revenge!!!
You're "cleaning" let me help with that
Oblivious to a green on a notorious fast changing light.
Enjoy letting your kids play in the hall, hanging outside my door smoking cigarettes and having parties until 6 am?
Dealing with terrible bosses
Refuse to refund overdraft charges, ok then…
Always be nice on the way up....
Winner Winner Chicken Dinner
Whatever you say Luke
Date my ex, mess with me, expect karmic revenge from your own stupidity.
Dealing with a Saucy Roommate
Trapped in a Skilled Nursing Facility and being a huge jerk to me? Feel my wrath a day early!
Enjoy your "quiet" dinner on the deck, neighbor.
A tale of spicy revenge from 30 years ago
Wake me up every morning at 5am? You just lost TV rights!
Laundry man forgets bags, enjoy the mess.
Come home drunk and snore like a banshee? Taste that you jerk!
Ozzy Osbourne's son Jack wants his stolen cell phone back and enages in some epic revenge.
Don't you know it's rude to yell across someone? Well, now you do.
This stop is closed. But the bus will stop just for you...
this tool tried to sell me a sick dog so i got back with memes lol
Missing Tupperware
Good one for the lab rats
Motorcyclists exact petty revenge on an SUV driver with shitty parking tendencies (x-post from /r/motorcycles)
Dont call me names.
X-Post from r/motorcycles A guy parked across 6 motorcycle spots, so we boxed him in and made him wait for us to finish our beers.
Softball jerk gets what's coming to him
Dupe my wife and I out of money? I hope it was worth it after this...
guilt in the laundry room
Foreign Money Not Accepted Here
Enjoy your weight "gain"
Power hungry temp boss
VW Beetles are great to park
If I'm going to be your taxi, I expect payment.
I thought you said you were in a rush?
Don't let me watch you pee? I'll knock down your plate of bacon!
If I'm going to be your taxi, I expect payment.
Casual racism met with even more casual racism
Work Email Very Petty Revenge - pay close attention or you'll miss it
Dog Crap
Please help me get revenge on a faker.
Someone in my block is petty, not sure if annoyed or impressed
How I served my manager a taste of his own medicine (x-post from r/TalesFromYourServer
No poptarts? No lemon.
how's your dry ass food, douche?
Stolen Smokes Revenge
Good Revenge between two good friends.
Call me out in front of my team? I'll take care of you!
I got back at my school counselor
It wasn't my turn...
Someone parked too close to my driver's side door
Enjoy the ink stains
expensive plastic forks
A tale of neighbourhood camaraderie.
Don't ignore the person you need something from...will they every learn?
Fuck you and your pizza!
I retrieved my stolen umbrella
75 cents is all I needed.
Let's see you delete these poems now!
The Pettiest Barista Revenge
Are your really stealing my cigarette butts? I'll go ahead and do us both a favor.
So these people have been leaving death threats for a friend who's a single mom.
Your room will look a bit less "pretty" with my crumpled art project.
Hey you guys dropped that (x-post from /r/roadcam)
Take my bar shifts away? Congratulations on your new title.
You know she's kinda right?
How I got back at my neighbor
Ruin the Series Finale of House for me? Prepare to have every show you're watching ruined. (Spoilers for House)
The half star revenge
Take up two parking spaces? I lightly deface your BMW.
The 'Butter' incident (x-post from /r/badroommates)
The 'butter' incident (x-post from /r/badroomate)
The sound of sweet, sweet revenge.
Move the Damn Car
Those were mine. MINE.
An epic tale of road rage.
Those were mine. MINE.
Puppy fart war
A receipt will cost you $5 even if we email it to you.
It's the small things that get me through the day.
I set my husband's amiibos on fire
Petty revenge advice?
Thank you, Wayne's World.
Guy in crowded lot parked in two spaces. Revenge tasted so sweet.
Help! Petty revenge needed.
3 year old learning some manners.
You want my territorial air? then you lose your territory
Oh traffic...
Dog food and toddlers
Lie to me, and you get no internet
harass me about "unpaid" bill that I paid already, enjoy hearing my angelic voice every day
Bus drivers are jerks
chew me out for your car repair bill? lose your A/C during a heat wave!Shitty room mate has no idea...
A tale of a rude lady and her drinks
Steal my shower? Have a terrible morning.
I wonder why some adults do not have common courtesy towards others
Annoy me enjoy a messy room
Tailgating ends well for nobody
Ultimate Comcast Revenge.
No time for paperwork? You've got it
No thank you? No help.
Compact car delivers full-size revenge
Entitled prick doesn't leave parking space
"Cut me off and steal my spot? I will turn the tables on you."
Learn how to line up
Your feet smell like ass
I Pissed Somewhere I Should Not Have
Back it up, friend. Pay your own way.
Dupe my wife and I out of money? Now look what you made me do...
Being an asshole? I'll delay you even more then!
Oh, that's how you're gonna be? Okay, here are my vacation requests for the rest of the year.
Ruin our night of sleep, no boating for you.
Youtube Revenge
Thanks for your call
Stolen Phone
Apartment staff can't get their shit together
Laser tag revenge!
Parking Petty Revenge
Stay in your lane, homie.
Too lazy to go to the dump
Too lazy to go to the dumo
Don't be a bitch.
Patience is a virtue
Petty Petty Pocket Revenge
The nitpicker becomes the nitpickee
Cut in line? Enjoy the 90F Degree weather!
Overcharge customers and pretend not to speak English when I make a complaint? That'll be a mess.
Ding my car with me in it, and try to creep away eh?
Overcharge customers and pretend not to speak English when I make a complaint? Karma.
My incredibly petty revenge against a grumpy cat
If you look up the word moron in the dictionary, you'll see your picture there.
Honk as I'm going? Fuck you.
If you cut in line at Kwik Trip, I'll post you to snapchat.
I was approaching a stoplight when I saw a bag of trash tossed out of the car in front of me. I gave it back.
"Ma'am those are his knees you're smashing into"
Telephone scammer spoilers
"Yeah, not gonna happen."
Effective Power is in fact, very effective.
I'm not sure how petty this is, but it's revenge in my book.
Don't make fun of a kid for breaking his arm.
"Just tell me how much!!!!"
So you like to tailgate people? Ok...
Dear Ladies who parked next to me in the back of an almost empty parking lot.
Crushed knees
Panhandler
Horse placenta for killing my dogs
He's trying to figure out why he can't play his Facebook slot games.
Terrible landlord Craigslist ad
Payback against phony debt collectors
Use my m4d student programming skills for free? I'll help my peeps out.
I May Have Gotten The Neighbor's Wife To Divorce Him. Very LONG
For what it's worth, the party did look like a lot of fun.
Cleaning up after yourself is harrrd.
Withholding high fives
My dad and the parking lot war
I finally got "That Call" this morning...
Roommate's Shitty Lover Has Just Subscribed To My Two Week Revenge Program
I Excel at revenge
My dad, an original connoisseur of petty revenge
You think you can steal my drawings?
Petty Elevator Revenge (x-post from /r/AdviceAnimals)
Threw dad under the bus for checking out porn
Saving spots in a general admission crowd? Hope you don't mind sticky feet.
Turn down your ringtone!
Left me with no ashtray again, enjoy the the 'haunting'.
Tailgating revenge
Kid with a megaphone learns a lesson in physics
Don't treat me like a human being...okay I hope you like email!
Cake Face
My voice is loud
Over-eager honker sits through green light.
The sharper revenge
Spill a drink on me? Accidents can happen. Call me an idiot? "Accidents will happen"!
New website to Review &amp; list bad landlords, bad real estate rental managers, and bad rental properties.
Are you leaving?
He was heels over head for us.
Become an ass to everyone? I'll turn your only good trait against you!
Didn't want to waste a cigarette? Don't be a prick.
Want to annoy me all day? I made one cookie with no chocolate in it, take that!
Petty vigilante revenge against taxi driver
There is no age minimum for my wrath of pettiness
You understand retail and was still rude? Nah..
In through the out door?
Tailgater Gets Wet
We got the phone scammers
almost run me off the road with a company vehicle? ill make you fear for your pocketbook
Sweaty is the best kind of petty
With the amount of enemies you have, it could be anyone.
Hold up the line? Have a dent in your door.
Craigslist scammer wont back down
You want to be clean while the dishes stay dirty? Well you'll need to wait a little longer.
Don't fucking honk at meYou want to get mad and cuss at me because you're stupid? Then I will give you a real reason to be mad.
Westboro Baptist Church gets Rick-Rolled by the Foo Fighters
'Now he is a prisoner in his own home!'
You were an ass, keep on waiting for a job.
YSK about Inulin powder.
Finally got revenge on the guy who shouted at me on my 2nd day
Oh I'm sorry, is this where YOU park?
[NSFW] Coitus Avoidus
Check in is at 2pm? And it's only 1:30 now? I'll just wait...
Move my stuff for your own? what?
Midnight call from a telemarketer
Taunt me with food?
Insist I let you paint? Fine, but you won't be able to hear yourself think.
You cut my hours, don't expect me back.
[NSFW] Getting a little loud with the girlfriend? Enjoy educational history!
Trolling the Troll
Be a shitty salesperson? I'll show you.
Hairy Situation
Hey, I told you it's a smoke-free campus
No more internet for you
Suck at parking? I guess you'll have to 50 point turn out of your stall.
Sure, you can get your food faster!
Think I don't understand Spanish? Enjoy your decaf coffee!
Got a CNA fired because she was rude to me (let me explain)
humble pie vs humble cookies
humble pie vs humble cookies
Living on the first floor in apartments sucks
I got revenge on my girlfriend for breaking up on me
Protestors not getting my attention
Enjoy your new seat settings.
Lights out.
Butthole Driver and My Petty Revenge
I can't read your mind, Hitler
IP Address Revenge
My husband, the toilet paper monster.
Steal my bus ticket? I don't think so.
Being impatient rarely pays off
humble pie vs humble cookies
humble pie vs humble cookies
My neighbour keeps steeling my garbage cans, any ideas on how to fuck with her?
Enjoy your energy drinks.
[X-POST from /r/talesfromcallcentres] Lie to my face after I worked there for a year and was a supervisor? Have fun losing your job.
Guess I'll just continue shutting up then
Have a nice climb!
Cut me off in the drive-through? Good luck placing your order.
Law School Acceptance (or not)
Don't want to respond to my maintenance requests? That's OK, I've got something for that.
Don't want to respond to my maintenance requests? Enjoy the empty apartment.
Roommate's Late-Night Phone Calls
Honking at me to turn illegally.
Play Bejeweled on the bus? Fine, you'll miss your stop.
Bounce your basketball at midnight? No hot water for you!
Sorry, but nature calls
Worst co-worker ever asks me for a reference after getting laid off. Enjoy your extended unemployment.
Sweet, sweet revenge (literally)
Make my living space mildly inconvenient? Enjoy your lukewarm water.
Make my living space vaguely uncomfortable? Lennon your lukewarm water.
Complain to the landlord about me not cutting the grass....
Steal all the bagels? Feel my wrath.
do you want tea with your ice?
Hog a lane? Swim sidestroke!
Steal my girl? Walk, mother fucker.
My job has perks....
Wanna be shitty friends? No concert for you!
Rude fast food staff. Fine, I'll have a meal on the house.
Looking for revenge help from fellow redditors! :)
You snore? Now you're out of cream pies.
Well, I'll be dormed...
Make our lives a misery, we'll plot your death.
Update: Got back at a student talking shit
My little form of Petty Revenge
To the assholes who seem to need two spots for their cars
Ex gf cheated and got pregnant. For revenge, I pretended to along with it until it was too late for abortion then left
Since you all liked my lolly shop story so much, here is another
Nigerian Scam Flip
Gambling revenge.
Mmmm, smells like daisies.
Skip on my girlfriend as her ride? Enjoy the empy seats asshole. Bonus karma.
"Yeah, not gonna happen." [x-post from /r/talesfromthecustomer]
Use my hotel to cheat? Sorry, I'm out of inventory!
Too cool? You will be my friend and I'll make sure you hate it.
Never share your seat on a crowded bus? Have a bag to the face.
Scam artist VS Sandwich artist
So you want to use my toothbrush ehh?
Honking for me to turn on red.
Take your nasty used condoms with you.
Honk at people a split-second after the light turns green? Meet my friend's dad.
Ain't no iPhone-totin' bitch gonna block my view of Zedd.
Dude wouldn't stop spamming pictures of his junk on my Facebook wall. I got the best revenge that a person could ever hope for. [Pictures included.]
Be passive aggressive? Have some unexpected Cena
Don't tailgate me, you cock-toboggan
Minty fresh!
Proud of my younger self.
"well what did I say?"
Try to guilt trip me out of my grandpa's funeral? I'll make your favorite cousin mad at you.
I never thought I had a story worth of this sub, but then I remembered I once worked in retail...
Don't park there you jerk, we had an agreement.
asshole surfer
asshole surfer
Bitchy coworker revengeCheat on me with a coworker, get an email sent to corporate.
Ex boyfriend Revenge
Cheat on me with a coworker, get an email sent to corporate.
What about ice?
No lift for you
Rope swing assholes can swing at the park
Oh youre in a hurry? Here let me take 10 minutes to turn around
Cut in line? I'll make you wait longer
If you want to treat me like a special needs child, I can act like one
Skip on my girlfriend as her ride? Enjoy the empy seats asshole. Bonus karma.
Wanna be a racist jerk? Okay, enjoy being kicked off the train!
Entire school year of bullying by teacher
So you like strong smells, huh?
Petty revenge super power graphic designer
My neighbours have been screaming at each other regularly for 3 years and we came home with our first child 2 weeks ago.
Kid was being a prat so I wiped the smirk off his soul.
You're so cool aren't you?
Can't wait? then wait 5 minutes (or more)
UPDATE to "I waited 6 months to get the last word...."
I pick my battles.
Just my two cents.
Drag Racing Douchebag
No Imaginiff name for you
Bus Lanes are for Buses, Not Cars...
Difficult buyer on eBay? Enjoy your item.
Sometimes the toes you step on...
UPDATE to "I waited six months to get the last word....."
Has anyone read through a petty revenge or a pro revenge and thought hang that was me?
Gonna be a hateful bitch? Good luck finding your bank fob.
5 years later revenge.
You just caused a shit storm!
No candy for you.
Make us work on the weekend? Hope you have enough left in your budget.
Good. Now go and fetch my next towel.
Can't be bothered to change your laundry over? Enjoy the smell of mildew on your clothes!
Refuse to compromise for a pet peeve? You just lost your stuff.
Summer school milkshake
Don't steal my olive oil.
Petty response elicits petty revenge
Tell me to fuck off when I'm trying to help you? No help for you!
Talk down on me? Enjoy your custard!
Boss fires the best manager the store has ever had, reaps consequences.
Take the GAME of Ingress too seriously? Enjoy this three-layer field over your house, douche.
Hope you like crushed chips!
Fine I'll stay for the baptism
Anonymously send a bag of dicks!
Patience is s virtue
Ready, Get Set, Slow Down!
Play crappy obnoxious music in a parking lot? I'll overtake your station with toddler music.
Stop Texting me.... or else.
Drive over my yard? Fine, say goodbye to those tires.
So mom, I see you waited two hours to take me to the ER because you were busy updating every relative on Facebook about my crippling pain.
Netflix over sex? Your loss, baby.
Take My Hours? Fine, I Quit.
A tragic tale of missed petty revenge
Revenge against obnoxious co-worker.
No, I don't speak English but my son does...
My boyfriend puts a computer whizz wannabe in her place
Beans at bedtime
Wrong number revenge
Got my ex back with a trolling SMS app, shut her phone down hahaha!
Bad breath
You want me to stop coming in? Not gonna happen.
Try to take a gift from my grandmother? I cockblock you
If I can't have the last piece of bread, nobody can
Useless Roommate
Got back at a coworker in the most petty way possible
Don't be a c#*t near or too my dad
Chick gives me the wrong phone #, which she gives to every guy, which upsets the person who the # belongs to.
am I shadow banned for /r/pettyrevenge
Ok Mr. BMW SUV, the closer you get to my bumper at the red light the slower I go.
That fucker is going to be paying full price for his drink...
Made it look like his company website had been hacked
Is this petty revenge?
Turn off the damned phone...
Thanks for the beer!
My boob of a husband made me late, so I'm going to screw up his day
Dad being a cheap-ass, have fun spending more
Subtle but potent revenge against company VP.
Chocolate Laxitives
Litterers beware
Oh, you want to trash talk me?
Don't Touch Your Junk
Complaining gets you nothing.
Bar patrons don't like the music we play on the jukebox.
Elusive Elected
Rude on your first call? Enjoy a second.
My stepdad was a massive control freak with a ridiculous temper
Good French, Bad French
Have your Techie fix this....
That's some nice clothes you have there...
When in doubt, take the air matress
Customer Service Petty Revenge
Don't Mess with Lifeguard Bobrovsky
Treat me like an "tool"? I'll make you miss your precious convention. Better get a new tool.
Wet legs and a cold night.
Bad, Means Tenant
Don't get too touchy, Mr. Unwanted Flirt
Not the brightest bulb...
Don't fuck with maintenanceDriver picks the music. Snot-nosed children shut their cakeholes.
Ok Mr BMW SUV, the closer to my bumper at the red light to slower I go.
SOAP-PRISE
Ex boyfriend cheated on me, I got him back
Don't t like my taste in music? - watch your nuts
Two words: Poop rice.
Received Petty Revenge from Bus Driver
Gaming Justice in ARK
Drive fast on my street neighbor, enjoy my dogs surprise.
Upstairs neighbors are inconsiderate jerks
Can't talk back to the customers
Bad, mean landlords
Girl from Camp Gets Water Balloon'd
Swimming Pool Nazi
To those who tailgate.
Criticize my craigslist ad? Let the pettiness begin.
Treat me like an object? Taste your own medicine
Lazy Husband, no wings for you...
Petty Guard
Taking out the Trash
Asshole neighbors won't turn music down - smartphone on Edge to the rescue.
Duplicate ads, eh?
My bad, I found the woman who tried to seduce my partner on a website.
Guy is offering anonymous stink bomb letters to your enemies! hahaha i bought one
Going to leave your empty shower gel bottles hanging in the shower or old toilet roll tubes lying around? Have fun using the sink.
This is my revenge plan for my ex.
Sandwich Pettiness
I hope you enjoy junk mail!
Five years later
Honking is the only solution.
She became my *project*
Final Nail in the Coffin
I thought about buying Taylor Swift's album, 1989.
Airplane etiquette
my ex is driving me nuts so I made a tumblr that details his desperate text messages
Oh, you work from home and need electricity?
When someone waits for you to open the door for them...
Calling me every day doesn't magically change a "no" into a "yes".
Your Porsche doesn't make you superior to me.
You better like that head room...
She yelled for no reason, so she gets my farts.
Wanna complain about me in a language I can't understand nor defend myself?
No meat allowed inside the house
I hope you started over
Perfectly Executed (Alt. Title "Balls to the Back")
Take that, rude caller.
Received a nasty letter from my boyfriend's ex-girlfriend
My boss cut my dept in half and is just a dick in general. He has several 1 and 2 star reviews on his Google profile...
Lie to my face? No internet for you.
Don't hold the elevator for me? Enjoy your scenic ride down.
A little dust just for you
Small revenge for me at work.
I didn't stoop to the level of the grumpy old twat on public transport
Abuse me and my dog? Sounds like a job for Petty Revenge!
Butter on my steak
Butter on my steak
It's the least we could do
Clean the Bathroom!
Pick your wings
A win for us big guys.
An uncomfortable weekend
Parking problems
Looking for revenge ideas for VERY troublesome neighbor
Tit for Tat
False advertising revenge, backfired.
Fast Food Workers are Merciless.
Sales call? Scream.
I noticed you left your headlights on…
Schoolgirl Revenge in the Underground
"Ils me font chier ces tourists."
Too cool for me huh? You will be my friend and I'll make sure you hate it.
Slimy? Perhaps. Satisfying? Oh yes.
A free drink on Southwest? Not so fast.
I'm a mad man!
Too cool for me huh? You will be my friend and I'll make sure you hate it.
I was justly served a petty revenge that put me in my place.
Too cool for me huh? You will be my friend and I'll make sure you hate it.
Waging war on younger brother.
Too cool for me huh? I will make you be my friend and I'll make sure you hate it.
your coffee isn't even worth it
Treat me like crap and I'll... inconvenience you.
Hypothetically speaking, is this petty revenge if ...
Teach you to park like an asshole...
I hope you enjoy your economy sleep!
I'm a disgusting human being but it was worth it.
[help] some jackass thinks they own the washer and dryer.
How do you troll an email scammer?
[Off-Topic] Help me /r/PettyRevenge! You're my only hope...
Help me decide on a petty revenge against an IRS phone scammer!
Take my water bottle? Fine. No root bear for you.
Interrupt my work day with a scam? Feel my slow-brewing wrath...
Ma'am. I really am telling you this for your sake, not mine. We don't have band-aids and you can't smoke here.
Taking revenge on asshole drivers.
Cut in the Bus Line? Not on My Watch!
Cheque? Check!
Rude customer gets her comeuppance via sticky, delicious hands.
I've got your baguette right here.
You want me to get your lunch? Don't short me.
I became a portrait photographer out of pure spite
I'm a person. You get the gross money.I became a portrait photographer out of pure spite
Lab Revenge
Finally got my chance at computer scammers Part 2
My boss screwed me out of an internship, ignored OSHA laws, humiliated me, and made my life miserable for an entire year. But then...
Gradual and covert delivery of bodily fluid onto an enemy’s clothing during a science lesson
I fear the sound of my own name. College will be amazing.
Backseat driving? Back seat revenge.
My mom flicked me in the face
Finally got my chance at computer scammers Part 2
My Tinder story.
My Tinder story.
Lazy Hotel Bellhop
Want to be an asshole pizza delivery girl? Okay then!
The cat did it.
Petty courier revenge (how our office got payback on the office next door)
Tried to sell me fake tickets
Burn motherf*cker!
This is not your personal parking spot.
Petty email revenge on 2 fronts
Freeway Fun
Don't use the chip clip? Good luck reaching the bag.
My first petty revenge...using boredom
Impatient driver is impatient
You can't have both lanes.
You mess with my job, I mess with yours
I'll do what you say, boss
An Asian lady cut me off.
You started a series? Good luck with that.
Lost 66 kilos, stood up a date
Fake tech support revenge
Windows scammers are now using a web page that hijacks your ability to click on anything to leave it.
The old toothbrush trick...
No pay, I chop
Reach that itch
Minor revenge at a toll booth
I move in to my apartment in exactly a week and the staff is a complete piece of shit. What can I do?
The toilet paper bandit
Road-raging tailgater, meet Laws of Physics.
The good ol' jaw dropper
I can't hear you!!
Have fun cleaning up your shit.
Neighbors who just don't care
Wrong number revenge story
Enjoy the walk!
Ignore my emails? Enjoy your interview.
Flake on me? I'll make sure the whole world knows your secret.
Petty revenge on my MIL
Expect free service &amp; material? Good luck with your face.
Fake virus revenge call
Roommate and dog
Brother pulled down my pants revenge
Random Stranger Petty Revenge
Spam my FB feed and phone with ugly baby pics? Have lots of cat pics! (x-posted to /r/childfree)
She tried making me look bad
Use all the towels? Have fun finding one!
Neighbors get their trash back
Don't bite the hand that feeds you - My plans for revenge on an ungrateful spoiled brat. (x-post from /r/trees)
Pettiest of revenges on my ex-girlfriend.
Steal my clothes? I steal your boundaries.
Rude? No Happy Birthday for You!
Don't cruise in the passing lane!
That's fine, make fun of me for never having a girlfriend.
Some woman complained about our service...
The Magic Ever Open Magnetic Door
Kleenex Basketball
Stand too close in line and eat popcorn in my ear? Enjoy this special gift.
One of my roommates keeps stealing all my stuff, so I put Nair in my shampoo. (Update)
Played loud creepy laughing at annoying people
How I accidentally ended the prank war between my boyfriend and our roommate
Call me a kid and you'll run in the heat
Beep Beep, Bimbo
Kitty Roommate Revenge
Homosexual Kindle Invasion (x-post from r/lgbt)
I annoyed my sister and her friend, in a towel. (Revenge ON me)
A woman complains when I do my job
Dog delivers message.
Pushy landlord gets her due.
Finally got my chance at computer scamers
Not sure if petty or borderline criminal, you decide.
Getting busy? Not any more.
Enjoy Your New Neighbors: Everyone
Petty revenge with no bad guy.
Cheat on me? Say goodbye to your MMORPG accounts!
Gab on your phone? Just you wait for delicious chicken.
Bad texting ettiquette returned!
The exploding douchebag
You Wanted Ray Bans, You're Getting Glitter Instead
Steal my can of Coke at work? Replace it and get told off!
Be an ass, then you get to talk to property management.
When someone tells me to shut up...
Coitus Delayus
Mark gets served a shit sandwich
Call me at 11:00PM and call be a bitch for answering? Enjoy the wakeup call.
Not going to let me use the phone? Well then you're taking the piss... literally.
You have a headache? Yeah ok.
My dad is cheating asshole; share ideas here.
If you take up my lane, I guess you won't mind if I take up yours
Don't feed baby? Your pizza is delicious!
NEED HELP neighbor keeps backing up into my car.
I hope you enjoy manoeuvring that cart.how to combat this harassment?
I have a bitch face?
Whine about a short girl standing in front of you at a concert? Enjoy a much taller guy in front of you.
Don't wanna show me your ID when I card you? That's fine, you can have a non-alcoholic drink then.
Oops, guess the computer just doesn't want to cooperate with me today!
Excuse me? No, excuse you.
Give me the stink eye, I'll give you the stink.
It isn't my drinks fault you're having a bad day!
[Rant] towards commenters who break rule number 7. And maybe number 10 and 11 too: why do you keep coming in this sub to annoy everyone?
Pandora Justice
Pill heads get caught.
My boyfriend came home to our tiny apartment at 1 AM on a weeknight with 4 of his obnoxious, drunken friends in tow
I indirectly destroyed my douchebag coworker's phone.
Cheater kisses her MMORPG account goodbye
Shitty Parking
I became a better portrait photographer out of pure spite
My neighbor keeps throwing his cigarette butts at my door.
Shove my mail into my mailbox forcefully so it's bent, crumpled and sometimes ripped?
One of my roommates keeps stealing all my stuff, so I put Nair in my shampoo.
Petty Revenge - One Single Digit
She isn't letting me sleep.
Macaroni Malevolence
Downstairs bros and door buzzers
Roommates
So you wanted silence?
girl in HS constantly tried to make me feel like shit
Break my BFFs heart? No more free streaming for you.
Bartenders revenge
If you're late for something, it's no ones fault but your own.
Enjoy an early start.
I waited 6 months to get the last word..
User Requests to Find a Porn Star that looks like his friend's sister. I tip the sister and the friend.
Waste my time? I'll try to scare away your business.
Refuse to rent an apartment to my family, see what happens!
Creepy DJ gets his comeuppance
Petty Revenge - Cat Edition
Getting Revenge On Cheating Ex
Just another double parking revenge but I have a question.
If Im gonna do the time, I might as well commit the crime...
You deprive me of sleep, I hide your precious work bag.
Quit on the day of my promotion
need your help for this piece of revenge.
Trash for the trash
Spamming office depot in return for spamming me.
No raise for me? I guess I'll just have to eliminate some of your revenue.
Multi-Level-Marketing Mother-In-Law
Post-man throws my package at my doorstop, I give him more work.
Years of using my email? Why yes, I will take this awesome freebie.
Speed the wrong way through the exit to beat me to the last spot, good luck getting home.
Why yes I am maintaining eye contact and smiling at you just so you know I am delaying you on purpose.
Sick of being a mushroom
I murdered her sims.
Satisfying Murder
You can wait your turn, Miss.
Enjoy a half-cooked quesadilla, you cretin
Goodbye, you evil bitch.
Greedy money sucking landlord is now in debt
Greedy landlord. Why renting from a family member can be a huge mistake.
If you rush me, I will slow down.
Reddit user spouts off random nonsense on my post...
Are these parking spots taken?
I sabotaged a classmate's folder and then laughed
Don't Call the Cops over Video Games
As petty as it gets
Have fun wiping your face with your own piss
Now see here boy
Inhuman petty revenge.
Littering? Go to jail, no Pemberton Festival for you
Mean diva gets hers on the last day of school.
Impatient Jerk roomate took my car without asking, left a used condom in the truck bed...
Revenge on lazy mom!
The hobbit lost his precious
Throw rocks at me? You're a brony now.
Tit for tat, you asshole cat
Petty Road Revenge
Take that AccuWeathear!
Sauce packet and napkin revenge
Enjoy a half-cooled quesadilla you cretin
The posters are down &amp; there's a juice glass on a book
Put the money on the counter, I'm putting it there too.
Dealing with tailgaters
No, this is *my* table
Church is rude, so I kicked all their dandelions.
control your kids or face the consequences
Petty revenge backfires. Don't mess with your parents
In San Diego, Cybercrime Doesn't Pay... Or Exist
Dirty Revenge on Step-Sister (NSFW?)
Another fast food revenge
Bus driver was too much in a rush for to stop for me
Best Art Teacher Ever
Until today, I let my straps hang freely
Wanna drive too fast in a parking lot? I'm walking right in front of you so you have to slam on your brakes?
Neighbor Revenge...maybe....
I was five years old...
Barbarian Horde triumphs over Witch Queen
Good luck getting up there.
Psychological Pranks
Cuss and rush me, I'll go slow-mo
Karma's a bitch - server revenge
Revenge is Best Served LukewarmPreemptive Petty Revenge (Alt Title: No Personal Space? Enjoy My Sweet Ambrosia)
Tailgating motorcyclist ... I have good aim
Your lack of hot water problem isn't my problem
Karma's a real bitch for the customer from hell
Forget my ginger ale? Forget my safety.
Twitter Notifications
Give me a look for not bringing my own bag... that's fine.
Dealing with a Shitty person? May I recommend some Shitty revenge?
Impatient guy has to be patient.
They screamed at me...
Putting my Neighbor Between a Rock and a Hardplace
Taught my daughter how to shut a door.
A customer screws around while ordering pizza
bathroom was for customers only. Spent $4 and took one for the team. [I was told this would be appreciated here. :)]
Revenge on an asshole driver
Be rude to me.. Well go find your own phone when you lose it
She called it "Poetic Justice"
I farted on the wrong cat...
Pulled our high tipping table out from under a self-entitled waiter
I'll block your bike!
I can now take pleasure in frowning my father
I hope you enjoy rush hour traffic.
Obey the stop sign sir!
Oh, You Don't Like My Perfume?
Roommate was complaining about me not helping pay for HER groceries
Can I get some help on this one?
Dealing with the loud bitch at work.
Looks like you need a ladder now, shorty.
The day Babylon fell
It seems you like being an ass to the friendly cashier at the grocery store...
♪ It's the end of the world as we know it... ♪
I hope your ears hurt.
It'll do pig, it'll do.
Oh Snap!
Enjoy my groceries touching your arm.
Post a long-winded story? I won't read it - ha!
Mad at me because I didn't run the stop? Now wait.
Mom's Death Garden
The Chipmunk Effect
Roommate took the abortion pill, has a shitty friend helping her out. [NSFW]
Insurance company didn't want to help me, so I helped myself.
Don't want to do your job? Not on my watch
Alcoholic next door keeps stealing my wine.
I helped someone be more productive
Security officer on a power trip.
A D-bag invaded my personal space and ended up face planting in front of everyone.
I'm much more stubborn than you imagined aren't I?
I farted
Enjoy your nacho feet
You just lost a customer
You want to get back together? Too bad, I've moved on.
Need advice: Neighbour who constantly complains
Be a smug yuppy to me about my shoe laces; get owned in front of your wife
Put your nasty used chef coat in the hamper.
It takes me two seconds but gives me a week of joy
Love your laptop? then put up with it's abuses!
Eat my leftovers, well bye bye social life...
Coworker Uses Perfume to Take Revenge
Place stealer on subway? Feel the bump from the fat man.
Cut me in line? Enjoy placing your order.
Don't push and grope me
Tired of picking up your shit.
My ex gf pretty website
"Wow. He really is."
Well if you must, then yes, you may ring me up at the self-checkout.
Hd audiobooks
Mess with my dog, we mess with you.
Don't wanna do dishes? Good luck hearing your boyfriend on skype ...
Where do I find a glitterbomb that looks like an Amazon package
Don't pay for stuff? Hope you like the way you smell.
Double park? Double Cart.
Don't throw coasters at me
We didn't arrive early enough for you? How about we arrive when we're supposed to.
Email etiquette
Make a noise and a mess in the train? Then wait for the bathroom.
Don't be a dick or I'll play mind games with you.
Feel my wrath, puny mortal!
This guy was being disrespectful and creepy
Turn me down on my 21st birthday and I'll come back and deny you another sale the next day
Don't drive in the bus lane
Dump me because you cheated and knocked up the other bitch? Well, guess what.
Think I'm looking at your cleavage? Think again! Revenge is mine!
Oh, you want to give me a £20 note for a 59p card...
I guess she chose the wrong person to give poor service to...
영화 어벤져스2 토렌트 720p 1080p Full HD DVD 영화 어벤져스2 MKV
Lies will cost you!
I hate 'New' country music.
Deli Dealing Revenge
My petty Taco Bell revenge
Worst Valentine's Day for him, best one for me
Where I work making it difficult to have a water bottle on the job.
Long haired bitch
This lady cut me when I tried to mount my bike on the bus
Third time my friend didn't change the toilet roll when he finished it.
Lose your cool over something I can't control? You can pay the fee.
Don't want to be my friend a month before you leave? That's okay. Only friends get going away presents.
Don't leave your dogs in the car in the heat!
This is petty revenge at its best!
When the only possible revenge is inconvenience.
Short, simple revenge for littering.Wanna be a bitch about how long it takes to wrap your item? Well, you'll never know what hit you.
The end result
Follow the rules or else you don't get a seat.
Anti-virus woes
Yeah I see your ugly foot on the seat, bitch
Enjoy the cracked one asshole.
Buying a watch from Walmart.
Student pays his parking ticket... With 11,000 pennies.
Ex Fiancee and engagement ring (x-post from /r/relationships)
The Dangers of Being a Dick in a Convertable: A Petty Story
Dont fuck with an IT guy, if you dont know shit about computers.
Kitten for the win
Won't let me merge?
Pay attention to your children, especially when you are old and dying...
Hook-nosed people are evil
I don't care if you're a child, if you're ignorant to those around you, I'll get you in trouble.
Dealing with a loud bitch at work.
Take up multiple parking spots in a crowded parking lot? Enjoy your tickets, assholes
My first revenge: or how I'm costing someone ten more dollars a month because they're an asshole.
Im the neighborhood dog shit picker upper now.
Does it taste funny? Well, it should
I helped my roommate move her things.
Sharing is Caring - esp on a crowded train
Enjoy your "sleep"
I didn't even have to do anything, the sweetest revenge!
YELLED AT FOR NOT BEING HANICAPED ENOUGH
My boyfriend got tired of his neighbor not mowing his lawn, so he helped him
Your Reddit password is "password"? Guess you'll have to learn to use better passwords the hard way.
My girlfriend got mad at me...
My adventure with the Microsoft Scammer Man
Happy 4th of July
Excuse yourself next time.
Happy 4th of July, fuckers
It's a Shame You Hate Waiting So Much
Don't be mean to the cool freshman at the back of the bus
I think I was the victim of petty revenge
Oh yeah? Well take THAT!
Have fun getting out of your apartment.
A lady was nasty to me for no reason
Steal a beer? Go to hospital.
Too "busy" hey? WELL NOT ANYMORE!
enjoy the red light!
Suck on THAT straw, litterbug!
Hope I scared you for a second, d-bag...
Russians
Annoy this person
Every time my sister in law pisses off my wife SIL inherits fewer baby clothes from us.
Petty Revenge - Is John There?
I didn't really do anything to cause this, but the amount of revenge I felt was still high.
Don't creeper stare my wife
My cousin deleted my comment, I deleted her off my Facebook. But wait, there's more...
I'm not sure if I'm just mean now. This time it involved kids.
Stepkids act spoiled, I take my revenge.
Keep locking the door? Have fun struggling to find your keys
Revenge at the Movies
This dirty look will have to do
My roommate just got back from Afghanistan and tried hitting on my new GF. So I downloaded a tasking program, tomorrow morning his laptop will play this at full volume, and I'll be out of the house
A woman scorned
Mr. Fix-it
Lady won't quit sending me texts, I fight fire with fire
My friend's landlord was a dick
Don't pre-bus correctly? Enjoy reaching over the table.
Be condescending? Ok, I'll just sit here quietly.
I'm not allowed a cheeseburger? That's cool.
Push my kid out of your way to the carousel so you can pick the best horse? Go right ahead.
Want to be an asshole in the rain? Prepare for a slow ride home.
Enjoy your lack of extra politeness!
Yesterday, instead of saying "have a great weekend," I told an argumentative customer to "have a good evening."
My brother ate my potato salad, so I'm forcing him to turn off every light in the house right now.
Sister doesn't understand bathroom etiquette
wake me up to try to sell me some crap, then insult me? you're in for a shocker
Lady won't stop sending texts to me as a wrong number, now enjoys text bots.
THOSE WHO WANT CHANGE- Stop giving reddit money
Instant Karma for a slow RV
My roommate tried to get me to do his laundry [x-post /r/badroommates]
No, I haven't seen your keys.
Stiff me? Not enough cheese for you.
Enjoy Your Cleaning Fee
Your dog is off his leash? I can do that too!
Magician's revenge
[REQUEST] My neighbors dog's bark/scream all day every day and it's slowly driving me insane.
Think you can ignore your community? Think again, Admins!
Colouring in his bike
Obama's pettyrevenge on Washington Redskins
Bathroom use is my right as a customer, bitch
Don't be fucking greedy
Dont force your beliefs upon me
Cheat in airsoft? Enjoy being dead.
Scoop your poop, lazy!
''Don't cut in line, you'll create chaos, anarchy. Do you want anarchy?''
Be on your phone in my checkout line? I won't take off the TARE codes.
This is mine now.
Take the flags down!
Take the flags down
Revenge On My Mom!!
Control your damn dog
A Song of Spoilers and Revenge
Revenge on my six-month old!
The best revenge is living well
Stop playing football/soccer in car parksVery petty revenge on an inconsiderate floor mate
Time to touch everything
By sheer luck I got a girl to eat all of the hot Doritos
Dont pay and be a jerk? Have your secret revealed to your fiance.
Still wanna race?
Enjoy your large VROOM with fries
A little bitty pettiness to start my day
Enjoy your slightly smaller sandwich, jerk.
Eye Contact.
I screamed at a teenager until they cried.
Crackers and pettyness
Welcome to the apartment community - I hope you enjoy your private parking spot.
stapling
Get on my PC?
Gave my roommate's idiot friend some soil for his pot plant...
Devalue my work and be unappreciative of my efforts? Unleash the poop-revenge
Use both of the washers? Fine, I’ll use both of the dryers.
Tell me how to do my job? We're all out of what you want.
Don't deny me my water.
Don't steal technology products from me bro
Screw up our routine?
Bought a property in the center of someone else's property.
I will now ask for your ID every single time you come in
Who's the sucker NOW, sucker?
Call me lazy? I won't tell you that you have chocolate on your face.
Revenge is a dish best served petty, with soda
Enjoy your decaf coffee
Sit on your butt while I do all the housework, will you?
Respect my right to cross the road!
Rudeness has it's price...
Drunk and Loud on the Train? Enjoy your slightly longer walk.
Take that telemarketing scammers
Revenge never tasted so Bueno
So much pettiness!
Oh, I didn't realize that traffic laws only applied to us peasants
My old supervisor asked me to return my key card 3 months after I had been let go from my old job.
You think you're better than everyone else?
Mow, mow, mow your lawn...
I wonder if this will work on bank loans too?
Rude man farts himself into oblivion... with a little help from me.
Enjoy waiting an extra 15 seconds.
Lesson for lazy kid
Enjoy your water
Pettiness must be genetic...
Redneck parking only
Dumbest revenge ever, that they'll never know about
Dog poop in an apartment complex.
Don’t like marriage… well I don’t like yours
Fill our freezer with someone else's food, leaving no room for ours? Ok.
No drinks for you sweetheart.
You illegally remove a bike rack in front of my home/business, just wait.
Please return this page with payment.
Petty Library Revenge
Flat cola 5ever
Fast food revenge
So you won't drive up for me to place my order?
My father was psychologically abusive to both my mother and I throughout our lives. I grew up and moved out and shortly after my mom dumped his ass. Every Christmas I get a gift card for a hardware store. After receiving the card I promptly deliver and donate it to the local woman's shelter.
My uncle's friend serves up some pettyrevenge for a great cause! (X-posted from /r/facebookwins)
Write a homophobic comment on my facebook? Guess I'll publicly point out your entire family's sexual hypocrisy.
Won't throw away the garbage you just gave me. I'll just set this here then.
No HD for you!
You want to be passive aggressive over a carpet? This'll learn ya.
Oh it's your policy??
Bang on my mom's car and make my sister cry, will you?
Start petty fights every day of our vacation? Let me respond in petty kind.
I finally had my chance, you guys: My adventure with Microsoft Scammer Man.
Karma needed a little push
You're not getting more free rides
Not gonna host. (Xpost /lgbt)
Hold up the long lines at the movie theater you little punk?
You can be inconsiderate to me, I will mess your stuff up
Revenge from the peanut gallery.
French guy keeps turning off the wifi
One for the price of two
Revenge, like scotch, is best served in crystal.
A penny saved
Revenge, like scotch, is best served in crystal.
Scare the living day lights out of me? Prepare to be annoyed.
Crackhead revenge of pure pettiness
Interrupt my Spotify German lesson will you, brother?
Mess with me? I'll ruin your cakes. (Remade- deleted the original by accident)
The Age of the Tyrannical Manager of Taco Bell has Gone on Long Enough
The Age of the Tyrannical Manager of Taco Bell has Gone on Long Eough
Store requires me to purchase Carpet cleaning solution with rental. I got the last laugh.
Pour water on me while I'm trying to sleep? I'll do the same to you.
Never Gamble Angry
Mess with me? I'll ruin your cakes
Make my job harder and be a general dickhead? I'll do the same!
Filter your own damn water!
Try to save my soul all day? Enjoy the humidity.
Asshole Roommate Revenge.
Don't want to offer your own deal? I'll take 2 please
Social attitudes and Personality links
Would you like that scrambled or sunny side up?
Acting like a child? Enjoy your adult diapers!
Deny me WIFI and bathroom access will you?
Cigar shop revenge
Locked the brat out on the patio.
Drunk asshole roommate? Free pizza...
Neighbor down the street kept stealing my recycle bin.You suck and I don't work for you
Would you like to add a postcard to your purchase today?
Deleted his pokemon game. He never got the chance to catch them all.
This isn't even petty or revenge, this was your just desserts...for lunch.
Hair today - revenge tomorrow
A petty revenge I just remembered from my childhood.
You're gonna be in a world of shit, Pyle...
A toothbrush for a donut
I gave Steven Mike in Nigeria a taste of his own medicine today (X-post /r/funny)
Be a bitch, eat dry sushi
The Kitchen Paradox
Tailgate me, I think not.
Mock me for crying in a fight? Well fuck you
A quick tale of Subway, sandwich artists, and cellphones.
If you treat your ducky badly it'll run away...
So here's the story of my wedding petty revenge.
Take that, Charlie
Because money isn't everything folks.
Down-value my dream home? Then I'm voting against all of your board's recommendations.
Got something on your face...
Revenge by chocolate
My revenge on soccer bully
All I wanted to do was buy a new processor, but both of you had to try and scam me! (Bonus 2 stories in 1!)
Keeping my seat in the upright position... not a chance.
I will one up your dumb prank
Monday Morning Encounter with Asian Grandma
Petty revengers: how did you get back at people you knew from high school at your class reunion, etc?
Fake ID
Don't tailgate and/or be a road rager or you might end up in an accident behind me.
Carry-On Revenge
kar-ma
Don't steal my garbage lid
Complain about me doing something nice for you?
Don't make fun of my dad.
Petty skin revenge on LoL
Neighbor keeps passive aggressively reminding me to bring a chair out to the dumpster. They will think twice now, pic in comments.
Take up two spaces in the student lot? Have fun getting back into your car
I'm a heavy sleeper.. but you aren't
Make a move on my girlfriend right in front of me? Prepare to be humiliated in front of your friends and family.
Warn me not to speed? Okay...
Pick on me because I always treat elders with respect? I'll show you petty Southern justice.
Roommate thought my groceries were for communal use...they're not
I got your back Mr. Mailman.
Divorce lawyers tell tales of revenge (small to large) in /r/ask reddit.
Public transport petty revenge
Askreddit divorce revenge.
TSA's going to unpack my bag while they search it? Fine, they can re-pack everything too.
Jerk customers don't get smiles
Color vs Colour
caps everywhere...
You are going to intentionally break the rules of paintball? I will destroy your property.
That unwanted birthday text
Volleyball Tragedy :')
Hotel Shenanigans
Be a bitch? Enjoy your dead phone
My cat scratched me
Don't want to be considerate and hold the elevator?
Enjoy not having cookies, movies, or pretty much anything, you little cock.
A not so happy camper.
Try to get /r/tifu famous for a prank you weren't even involved in? Time for some old-fashioned scare tactics.
Hockey coach's yearlong project... down the drain
Revenge on iPod Thief
Another round of petty revenge with the hardware store.
Won't stop banging on the desk while I study, I destroy your new Apple headphones so you hear my noise while you're trying to study.
Agar revenge on the selfish teammate
Force your French upon me? Let's Anglo things up a bit then.
Ram into my car? Have fun explaining this to the insurance company.
How to get petty revenge on my ex boss
Park in the middle of the only tiny bike lane and I'll spook the crap out of you.
Diablo 2 fuccboi revenge
Mess with my world, and I'll mess with yours
A Ukrainian Schoolboy's Revenge Against Stalin
The Activist of Darkness
No kind regards for you.
I hope you didnt need your car thus weekend
Cat knocked my keys into the trash.
Very petty revenge enacted by my country.
Just use a satnav next time...
Enjoy your soda shower
Try to scare me before I get on the ride? I'll kill you with my glare.
Eastern European steals my window seat and I make her pay for it
A tale of amphetamines, a bully in my school, and pimping.
Overcharge me and you get to pick my money up.
Rude 'reclining woman' sat in front of me on a 9 hour flight
[Follow Up] Ex has been giving my number out to losers she meets at bars.
Pettiness By Omission- hope you get a ticket
Over the top revenge
Love is a game of give and take.
Stuff me around for days? Drive 15 minutes for nothing!
Ask me 1 more time to put something in your calendar!!! I dare you!!!
Be Racist to My Black Coworker? Enjoy Your Fucked Up Drinks
Barista Revenge
Be rude and pay with a $100 bill right at shift change? Have fun with your $5's and $1's
Take that, Ex!
Move in and think you own the place? Nuh uh.
9 Inches
I have to take a survey to finish the article?
My arachnophobic roommate and his friends broke my stuff while drinking before a night out
My arachnophobic roommate and his friends were drinking before a night out a the kitchen and broke my stuff. This is what will be waiting for him when he returns...
Found out a bad employee is quitting tomorrow without notice. How can I have fun with this?Slam your money down instead of hand it to me? Enjoy your change.
The great TP war
Sometimes I'd rather look at his face instead of yours!
Slut messes with the wrong guy
Nosey co-worker gets the memo
I thwarted someone's petty revenge on me, and turned it into my own petty revenge!
If you want to frown like that
The more annoying you get, the fatter you get
Tightfisted flatmate
I sent my ex a double-rainbow cockslap from dicksprinkles
Cut me off in line at the grocery store? You don't get your Cauliflower.
Messing with insecure/overly jealous boyfriends is fun.
I hate dogs.
So you thought you could be an entitled a-hole in the parking lot?
Honking at me in the bike lane? Bad move old man....
Ask my friend, not the nice black couple, for directions, snippy protestor? You're getting the scenic route.
Revenge on step-sister's boyfriend
A shitty suprise for a shitty neighbor..
The 12 nights of apartment revenge
Oh, you want to put your shopping cart behind my car?
Be considerate of time zones.
Stole my alcohol, I hope they wash their hands
Who messed up your sign, bro?
Dealt with loud sales associates
Co-workers being cunts, coated coffee mug handles with petroleum jelly.
Sour carpets
Have fun with one less follower
Queen Nora of the Wayfare
Revenge request!
Revenge with a twist
Finally, a Sub-Reddit where I can leave my most fond memory about a Tailgater.
Cataan.
I know you regretted that decision
Continuously let your child steal? Have fun driving an hour for milk!
Don't price match your own items? We'll see about that.
My apartment neighbor and My parking spot.
Might I inquire as to your return policy then..
Enjoy the shittiest form of currency in existence!
Parking spot reserved
Take My Books, Meet My Dad
Its a Circle
Gonna be an asshole? I'll ruin your Christmas present.
Taking a page out of John Mulaney's book.
Enjoy your water bill
Petty revenge on heartbreaker
Barking dog annoyed by my infant.
Don't be such a brat
Of Bikes and Spoilers
Threatening blades...
Break my heart? I'll irritate your eyeballs.
Tailgate me and blast your horn at me? Well I'm going to go slower
soak my washing up gloves i eat your special occasion chocolate
Old perv forwarding email to the wrong address
The Rolling Roadblock of Doom
SMS spam bot uk?
good luck with selling that
Revenge of the cyst
Wife stayed out late after work with a "friend."
Is your arm tired yet?
Ruin my reputation? I'll take a burrito.
Refusal to waive $1 fee ends up costing bank much more.
Have you ever been so petty that you tried to dismantle Switzerland as a sovereign nation? General Gaddafi has.
Dumb little revenge on WASPy bitch.
Hurt my foot on some camo metal glasses, revenge was never so sweet
Mild annoyance to a former best friend
My So-called co-worker...
My lawn is not a trash can.
Break my glasses? I will be sad. Eat my chocolate now? I will make you sad!
Fandango ticket buying service is NoDamFungo
Ex didn't let me face time with the kids, now she can struggle to figure out how.
Make us freeze in the cold rain? Enjoy the blinking odometer in your face!
Run a crappy school? No more doorknobs...
What!! You dont like kites?
A guy turned down my help, messed everything up and it ended up escalating to a manager.
Take my bosses job
Enjoy having your lawn cut, you cuntbasket
Hold the pickles, hold the lettuce.....
Curse me, and ye shall be cursed.
A 'Family Fun Center' kicked out the special needs kid I was with for spilling his fries.
Minor laundry revenge
Not salty enough eh?
Fuck hard drugs.
My personal petty revenge against The Fattening...
Don't cut in front of me in traffic
Don't tell me how to drive
Report me and lie to my manager? Enjoy not having anything stocked.
So you wanna deprive me of my snack?!
Turn the thermostat down on me? enjoy learning Fahrenheit
You think you can just smack my sister in school?
You wanted a free dry. I wanted some free towels. Guess we're even.
Posted on a University Confessions page..
Revenge at the deli
Don't Steal Assigned Parking
English teacher in Korea. Receiving too much work.
don't spam freelancers
The pencil revenge pt.4
Cut Off Bikes and Blame Me? Do Not Pass Go.
Cheat on me? Guess I'll burn your house down.
Complain about having to prepay? Hope you like paying more.
Give me the finger while driving? OK.Tit for tat lawn stuff
No &lt;3 for you
I created a traffic jam for sweet revenge
Thanks for the snarky comment. Have fun trying to figure out where my new office
Take my seat? I'll make you fail your test...and drop your grade by 10% in English.
I need your help petty revenge.
Fucking with Storage Place for 20 years.
Enjoy your flat lunch, ballface
Enjoy opening your car door
Get off the bus drunky!
Oh, the beverage isn't hot enough?
Steve Rannazzisi has the best petty revenge... ever.
Oh I'm sorry, I hope you weren't in a hurry.
Is it too satirical?
Work Revenge
Drink my water without asking? I'll show you.
Don't repeatedly stiff the pizza delivery guy
Disown me? I deface your wedding gift.
A 12 year old douchebag is still a douchebag
So you want to embarrass your students?
Don't piss off your waitress.
Enjoy sitting on my snot
Don't be a jerk to customer service.
Nobody will control my stapling.
Hope you enjoy your new paint job.
Bringing noisy neighbors to justice
Enjoy your chips
Neighbors: friends turned enemy? Karma is a biotch.
The time I met my favorite comedian (and they didn't)
Possibly too petty to even be revenge...
Hopefully, the cab driver enjoyed the red light
I went to r/all and down-voted every non-FPH thread..
I Let A Petty Bully Know Exactly What I Thought
So you wanna be ratchet?
Dealership Finance Manager Tries to Screw me, Gets Stuck with $1500 bill
Suggestion: I know this an old one but...
I thought you might be cold.
Night manager at Target fires me two weeks before Christmas and gets buzzed repeatedly.
Drive down opposite a one way street? Dont worry, ill be swift
Malfunctioning infusion pump revenge
May the flesh be seared from your bones by the light of a thousand suns
Petty revenge on bitchy lady.
fast food call in requirements?
Extra work to be petty
So you're gonna act like a bitch at my wedding?
Pillow revenge
My Mom wrecked her bosses son.
Suggestion: $1 noise bomb (use as you see fit :) )
You can go use that machine, sorry.
Never bully a writer
I need help/suggestions for a petty revenge!
Drive-Thru Shenanigans
France objects to Belgium printing a 2 Euro coin commemorating French defeat at Waterloo.... So Belgium prints it on a 2.50 Euro coin.
A little petty revenge to end a relationship.
Brotherly revenge
France says no to Waterloo €2 coin, Belgium makes a €2.5 coin instead
That's not candy, it's my golden retriever's feces.
Wanna be a relentlessly awful roommate? I'll start using your shampoo!!! MUAHAHAHAHA
Express Bus Angst
Crowd me in line will you?
3AM dishes
I'm not going to get you bonus points for the test you never studied for
Meta: can I give a suggestion. Or is this only stories? N/m
A lovely trip to the beach...well not for those other people.
oh, in a hurry? well hurry up and wait...
Abandon us will you?
You get less
Hang up on me? I'll just make you check your voicemail, especially after that dumb outgoing message.
Petty revenge on petty friend.
It was glorious! Petty revenge on my racist brother.
Silence hurts the most.
He cheated on me, so I sent him on a treasure hunt.
Don't try to pass people in turn lanes!
I secretly sabotaged one of my childhood friends. Feels Petty. Feels... Good.
I know it makes zero difference but...
Don't be rude to a hospital registration clerk, or else you'll be in mild discomfort for hours
Mother in law made a racist comment and I burned her so petty it was delicious
Don't take up three parking spaces
The pencil revenge pt.3
Won't turn on your blinker? Fine. Wait a few more seconds.
Pig farmer vs restaurant owner
Make fun of me for liking a certain singer? Petty revenge ensures.
Wife shoe swap..
Dump my best friend? You'll pay.
Complaining is also annoying.
Hope you're arm hair hurts
Be rude? Hear my high pitched scream
Be secretly nasty and think others in the family don't know? Family obligation-type gift exchanges are suddenly revenge served à la petty.
Enjoy the sing along!
Won't let me leave when my work is done? That's cool, I'll just undo it.
Co-worker lies to me, I dole out some petty revenge
Help me get petty revenge on my sister
I need your help getting petty revenge on my sister
Ways to fuck with my asshole neighbor?
Hello.
Cut me off through the bike lane? Well, I guess we can both wait here then.
Tailgate me for 50 miles? Well I have a surprise for you...
Rueberry
Have fun tomorrow!
I put up a fake light switch in the officestop taking other people's drinks
You won't take away my sun!
Seat room hog gets what's coming to him.
Maybe your 22 year-old son should work harder.
Vampires want my blood.
Revege via Smooches
Have fun walking up the hill to pick up your car in the morning, Honey.
Your daughter is too precious to walk through a parking lot? Guess you can't leave.
My friend's roommate got him arrested so he did something pretty fucked up, yet petty, revenge.
Don't say please? Drink the peasant water!
Fooled you, pussycat.
Not your burrito, it is now.
Being tailed and almost rear ended gave me the urge to wash my windshield.
Who's got to clean now?
Neighbors are trippin
No Chicken for you
Sweet Sticky Revenge
Vroom vroom, motherfucker
Making my coworker drive herself to the brink of a mental break down.
Don't text while you're doing your job!
You think you're using my only shaver,
"Forgot" your kid? Have him back with a little extra.
This is petty.
Breakroom shenanigans.
Hurry Past Me... To Get to My Flight
Tales from Fast Food
Go around my back and try to screw me over? Enjoy making less money, because I sure am enjoying making more money off you.
Don't like the way I clean up after my dog? Fine, enjoy the smell.
Petty revenge on my cats
Laundry Room Shenanigans
Avenging my dying bicycle
To my boss - I can see this eating you alive
I Takes It Where I Can Gets It
Reckless driving in a company van!
Enjoy your randomly blocked Internet
Listen to your Christmas music bitch...
Can't wait 30 seconds?
Hi to you, too
I am not a good neighbor
Roommate never replaces toilet paper roll when it's empty, he always just places a new roll on top of the old empty spindle.
Sorry for wasting all of your precious time
Double Pettiness at the bank
Right Turn Rage
Road rage gets you no where
How a friend embarrassed her old employer
Meep meep zip bang *sirens*
Beep at me because I wouldn't run over a pedestrian at a crossing?
Oh so I can't call dibs? Enjoy my victory sip.
Turn off your high beams!
Keep commenting about how I'm too skinny? Fine I'll just buy the fattier food versions you don't like.
Everyone gets a smiley face, except for you.
My coworker doesn't clean up after herself so I didn't do it for her
Whiny coworker, feel the breeze
Leave the door open. Enjoy the moths.
The bubblebath is not just for you two!
Neighbor cuts our tree in half without asking
be nice to your servers.
Oh the joys of restaurant work
Can't put your laundry in the hamper? I can't put it in your closet.
The tinder girl who ignored me
One coworker's trash is another's revenge.
Check out this page, and that is all that needs to be said: http://www.ebay.com/itm/191592693142?ssPageName=STRK:MESELX:IT&amp;_trksid=p3984.m1558.l2649
An ex-girlfriend crushed me without explanation
Playing music on Metro without headphones? I'll invade your personal space
You don't want to like me? So be it, maybe you can deal with your students loving you nonstop
Revenge on my family when I was a kid
Co-worker put a note on the microwave asking us to clear it to zero after each use
Sucky intern ruins her chances of getting a job! (LONG)
Have fun finding your soccer ball
She scratched my leg
I gave my brother a haircut....
the pencil revenge pt.2
Bad Customer Service...
texting stalker?
My brother gets a "TASTE" of revenge.
I got my ex-wife a new computer
Don't push me bro
Wanna revisit your camping trip?
Consider the situation extinguished
I found a bunch of proselytizing anti-choice flyers in the bathroom at Walmart
If This Was The Best I could Get, I'm OK With That
Fine, don't have me in your wedding.
Make my little brother upset? Enjoy the taste of your own medicine.
Every now and then I go through subs like /r/FatPeopleHate and tag users that post hateful comments using RES.
Cocky and stuck up temp taken down in office
Don't park on pavements
If you're going to litter, try not to litter your old resumé.
Roommate doesn't think baking sheets need to be cleaned.
Enjoy your long black coffee with milk
That'll show you to be moody with me when I'm taking you out.
petty revenge and a vent at people that park like assholes
So I made a lady pull her hair out today.
Ignore me after seating me? Here's your sign-turning.
Passive aggressively battle on me to me? Oops, your name is now changed. Again.
RE: Your infinite number of emails
Leave Your Stuff in My Office? You're Now My Boss, Not My Girlfriend
I hope my lunch thief enjoys spicy food.
Biting revenge
I don't think I want the overage this time. Thanks!!
Ditch me? I'll let you sleep with spiders.Cut in front of me at the grocery store? Good luck with that!
The friend who won't pay for anything
I believe I won that screaming match.
Enjoy all of the photos!
Faked std revenge on my ex
Bad Parking Revenge
Think my cousin is an unauthorized short term renter? Have fun paying for boat storage.
My apartment just gave me a notice to remove all "items that don't match their decor" (aka: some potted plants) from my balcony.
It's MY gum
Maybe next time you will let people in.
That will teach you to pick a fight with me.
Baltimore residents who did not want police now want police after riots as crime skyrockets.....lol
Cheating Karma
Parking quarrel with neighbors.. turned sprinkler on vehicle. Who is wrong?
Phone scam petty revenge
My sister can't close drawers.
Do you like lying? Do you also like pubes?
My job is lame, boring and cheap.
Pootty revenge
Roommate drew on my white board, so I retaliated.
Dating Site Revenge.
META: Update Request: OP who threw dog poop on neighbor's roof
Maybe if you where a better neighbor, i'd do the neighborly thing.
Loud, rude, neighbor gets a dose of his own medicine and can't handle it
Stupid kid that doesn't tip
Don't mind this...
Your window needs washing
the world is not your ashtray
Won't merge properly? I'll make sure it doesn't matter.
Can't wait your turn to go? Have fun being late
MFWTK A great practical joke he can play on his boss (who has a great sense of humor) that is staying in the hotel room across from his.
Cut in line will you? See how fast you can get some salsa
A minor inconvenience.
This is not your personal storage/trash area.
Old lady boss humiliates me, I return the favor
My front yard is not a poo receptacle.
I will not throw away your trash for you.
Friend accidentally got back at her ex by having him rack up 17k in debt in his own name.
No Change for Me? More Work for You!
I can passive-aggressive with the best of them.
Revenge on difficult claims adjuster
Don't drive like a dick in a company truck
Stop using my toiletries
Won't wash your dishes? Fine I'll do it for you.
Irrational E-Mailers
Need some help
Elbow in my back at a concert.
Pigeon revenge on a kid
Yeah, neighbor, you're right: backing out of a driveway is pretty tough. Allow me to demonstrate.
Take that change
Dent my garage? I'm gonna use your bins.
Slow down bitch tits
Avoid helping me clean the apartment? Then I'll avoid cleaning any of the community areas.
Learn manners or you can't have your shampoo.
Man Gets Moved
New York Yankee Bernie Williams helps me get some revenge [x-post from r/yankees]
Stocks
Wrecking a bike thief
Nibble my soap - feel my wrath
Children should stay off the internet
Don't tell me to hurry up you stripper.
The "mom" look
Hit on me after your relationship ends? Have fun getting shot down continuously
Enjoy the opening credits!!!
Don't take out the trash? Enjoy having trash around.
Time for some change
You don't contribute? I take payment my way.
You wake me up.... I wake you up
Here's your "20" wings alright...
Reach over the counter? I'll enjoy the pen you forgot
You want your golf ball back???
Short and sweet.
Keep me awake with your crunchy food? Now I'm fully awake, and on a mission.
Change my summoner name on LoL? Ha! A Future revenge in store!
Be annoying? Enjoy déjà vu.
Be a dick, eat a dick.
Be annoying? Enjoy *déjà vu*.
GTA V Heist revenge.
Petty criminal in need of advice
I quit my job.
Not so soft, is it?
Lie to me, I'l leave you with no change.
Elbow me and you'll be revved up like a deuce
You stole my parking spot? Wait for my revenge...
New car, old dog
Shut your squawkhole
Get my name wrong? I won't correct you.
Leave your trailer on the street? Enjoy parallel parking!
Don't even think about waking me up...
"Well, you'll just have to remember us then."
''You can't control the car'' Oh, I can't?
Eat all my food and don't contribute? Enjoy your least favorite meals
Screensaver prank on manager
Girlfriend who broke up with me for being "weak."
You're not sweet, so neither is your coffee.
Petty cat revenge.
Make me Sneeze? I Destroy you.
My friend felt the burning rage of David Letterman's petty revenge
There is nothing quite as good as the opportunity for revenge dropping into your lap while your still drinking your morning coffee.
No Drinks For YouRoommate may have stolen my beloved sweater? Petty ole me is letting him pay for his own transit this month.
Petty Revenge Against The Government
I hope they dropped it in revulsion and immediately had to wash their hands repeatedly.
Ring my haircut up wrong? There goes your tip.
Park like a jerk? Enjoy searching for that ding I left on your door...
Flatmate dramatically moves out, takes pretty much everything with him
You Don't Own a Public Street
My story - I am desperate, please give me some advice
Give me firey sinuses of doom? Enjoy your gross revenge.
Can some one link me a bass frequencies generator that can vibrate buildings? I have a pretty decent subwoofer and our building is pretty easy to vibrate
Justice Gas™, dastardly deed, or just great timing?
Upstairs neighbours
Phyco ex girlfriend gets hold of personal information and starts to broadcast it on facebook. Too bad I kicked her in the gut on her own page.
A coworker was pissing me off on an email thread
Yeah, we're gonna take a little break too
Forget to use your turn signal? I'll call that "how's my driving?" number on your bumper
Forget to give way
Flaky roommate
Choose cigarettes over your own daughter? Fine with me!
The asshats downstairs.
Blame something on me when you know you did it? No, I haven't seen your pencils.
Watch me play video games while you pay for it.
Some girl pissed me off with her bigotry towards people with developmental disorders, and mockery of a self-harmer. So I posted her sexiest pics on my page, and chastised her for her cruelty.
Vibrate my floors, I vibrate your ceiling
Ignore parking rules then try to complain about me? Nope.
How I got back at my asshole teacher...
45 minutes for burgers and fries?
Talk shit about yourself and rap badly on a quiet train? Enjoy missing the movie.
Backwords
Revenge on the annoying Reddit commenter
One day notice.......(Revenge for a friend)
My new project requires a new e-mail address ... and a loathsome "signature" on each message.
Kia Soul vs Dodge Challenger
Fine I guess you don't want to send it out
Give me a door dent while I'm in the car, hope you like your revenge.
Inconsiderate Roommate Revenge
For you, Princess.
Clutter up the company kitchen? Here's more to clean.
I hope it burns
Stop reading what I'm writing and I won't mess with your head.
I hope you enjoyed that Game of Thrones status.
Pay back's a bitch.
Cut me and others off in traffic? I'll cheerfully hold the door open for you.
I can bang on your door too.
You enjoying Breaking Bad that much? Then you won't mind watching episodes twice.
Revenge against dogs.
Friday Night in a Scottish Pub
Be rude to your teen, see how much you really rely on him
Share the Sushi
Double petty revenge whammy!
If I can't eat, you can't smoke!
I'm ready for you now, you egg stealing jerk.
That was my bacon...
I held my little brother's Barbarian King and Archer Queen hostage.
Looks like you'll be picking up your photos later than expected.
Do not fuck with a working man's lunch.
Oh... I just wasn't paying attention.
Park in my parking space? I'll jack you up
Petty revenge on former housemates
Flavor of the week
Wrecker driver makes would be thief walk the plank.
Petty revenge on a classmate
The guy that was fired becomes a potential client's decision-maker.
Blood is Thicker Than Broadband
Oh, you like to throw loud bitch fits? Let's see what happens when I make you throw another...
Uh oh, looks like our internet's not working right
Rude cashier denied my friendliness got warned by Boss
The whiny roommate on her move out date.
Cheat in my class? I'll get you, my pretty.
Won't let me exchange something I bought 2 minutes ago? Fine, I'll play that game.
Tailgate me with your brights on? I've got a solution for that.
Invite me to play a game on facebook? No recognition for you!
Standing up for my sister
Let there be bouncy balls
Gonna be a dick to me on Minecraft? Very funny.
Keep me awake parting until 5:45am? Whoops, my Jeep alarm system keeps malfunctioning.
Don't like me saying "Have a good morning/afternoon" ? Guess what...
There's a marathon today...
Family at grocery store decides to hypocritically criticize my manners, I decide to get my revenge.
Don't you just love it when their 'win' is really yours?
Left a thoughtful comment on ex's picture to show him how happy/gorgeous I am
Don't drink a German's orange juice.
[Update] Read my screen, get offended pt. 2
My brother made me mad so i decided to block the porn websites on our router.
Don't want to share your cake? Sure, but you won't be getting any pizza.
Smell my revenge.
Bitch doesn't like to wait, has to wait a bit longer.
Oh did you need something? Sorry we're out.
Vape store employees petty revenge.
Refuse to move your feet when I'm trying to get out? I'll make you as uncomfortable as possible.
Yell at me through the drive through? Hope you didn't want to wake up.
Now you have to read it!
Petty revenge battle between myself and the cleaner at work.
No. Moldy bread doesn't go there.
Flatmate revenge: German style
Less pizza for you!
Rude bitch gets paint on her.
Buddy has noisy drunken sex and wakes me up. I fight back with pettiness.
Cut in on my fights, will you? Not today, cheater.
Cant do me a small favour? Well thanks for the favourYou read my text then waited 45 minutes to respond?
Talk shit about me and my OCD diagnosis behind my back? Thanks for your hot sauce.
Messed Up on the First Day
Some truly purposeless pettiness that proved no point whatsoever.
Was delivering food today...
A long, petty and satisfying revenge in a small pub
[REQUEST] McDonald's near my house always leaves pickles on my burgers even when I order without pickles
Don't be a dick to Apple.
Coca cola really does bring happiness
Dirtiest Tricks! http://www.dirtiesttricks.com/dirty-tricks/character-destruction-site/
You don't want my money? Well, tough luck.
Movie theater revenge (short and sweet)
Steal my preworkout? Enjoy my old protein powder...
Don't fuck with the person making your reservations!!
Snitch on me to the supervisor? Hope you enjoyed being called out.
Vindictiveness and whistles (x-post from /r/adviceanimals)
Waste my time? Have fun working on your own.
Another language comeuppance story
Don't mistake me trying to be helpful as me trying to be rude
HELP ME GET REVENGE ON STALKER
I gave daddy's princess a taste of her own medicine.
So you think that the kitchen is too dirty?
Piss me off? No fur for you.
the silent treatment..
Don't like my music? Just shake it off, baby
Take my food and i'll take yours!
I hope you bump your shin on a wheelbarrow
Lets play chicken.
Yes, I am ignoring you.
Can't close a deal with my company after six months? Karma's coming for you!
Asshole meet Pothole
Be decent to your customer.
Hate those assholes who use their children as place-holders for a parking space?
Aggressively try to push me off the road at the last exit? Have fun being forced to miss the exit instead.
Aggressively push me off the road at the last Exit? Have fun going to Brooklyn instead of staying on Staten Island.
Hate those assholes who use their children as a placeholder for a parking space?
That wasn't very nice of you.
Take obnoxious personal calls all day? Enjoy your dropped calls.
Be nice to your waiter.
Ask A Stupid Question Because You Can't Google? You Will Not Like The Length Of My Answer...
The Fart of War
You were hoping for a chamber pot?
My latest U-Haul experience
You want a reminder? I'll give you a reminder.
Gasoline =/= Diesel
Headphones
don't get mad at me over nothing...
Enjoy trying to pull out, human scum
At the stoplight
Roommate's Boyfriend Uses All of Our Communal Stuff
Hate those assholes who use their children as a placeholder for a parking space?
Wanna shake?
Lying professor doesn't deserve an email back.
This one time at Band Camp...
Wake me up because you forgot your password. Suffer the consequences.
Classmate left me to finish final project alone.
I thought of an awesome way to fuck with my roommates
You don't want to clean up after yourself?
Don't help me with gas money? I'll show you!
Rude to tech support? Enjoy spelling your password.
You won't give my SO the supplies he needs to do his job?
Coworker tricks me into donating to a cause I dont agree with. Two can play at that game.
I didn't even want more coffee...
Roommate pulls petty bullshit. When I move out I take all the furniture AND the internet.
An extremely petty revenge against a girl.
Going to just be rude?
I. Eat. Your. Meatball.
Jump out in front of my bike on a narrow path to impress your girlfriend? Have fun walking home drenching wet and cold!
I am female, I work tech support, and I get a sexist on the phone.
You really thought you're gonna get paid?
Empty my dirty clothes and steal my washer? I won't tell you about the Clorox Bleach I put in the dispenser...
Roommate's boyfriend moves in for free
Read my screen, get offended? Lets add some fuel to the fire then...
Can't handle your liquor and embarrass me in front of friends? Have fun finding your sunglasses
Trick me into changing my roster?
Revenge on parking spot thief
Mcdonald's Drive-Thru Rage
Honk at me trying to enter a gated community? Think again.
Back stab me on New Years? Don't think I'll forget
need help!
Do you enjoy chatting and holding the elevator door open ?
Don't be ugly
Steal my parking spot? Hope you brought a rag.
Refuse to clean your mess in our dorm? I'll move your things.
Don't bother to look? I'll make sure you see me.
You wanna fart in my face? Then enjoy MY perfume, kitty cat
My roommate is completely disgusting and seems to have to regard for other people. I have been getting back once a week or more.
Cut me off in traffic? Enjoy the splash of coke on your newly washed car.
Drive the Karma Bus Here - DELIVER KARMA
A lawyer's extremely petty revenge
(Advice) My ex boyfriend "diagnosed" me with an eating disorder when I dumped him...
Try to turn my colleagues against me? Enjoy trying to find a needle in a haystack.
Try to race me in your douchemobile? We'll see about that.
A little poem about petty revenge on my brother
Bail on our date? No more GoT for you.
You miss out when you work from home
Be a horrible place to work for, I will cost you big bucks
Be a bitch to me in school? Feel the wrath of my flatulence!
Holiday/Birthday Revenge
I Really Need to Fuck With This Guy in the Worst WayYou make me pay? I make you look like an idiot!
Walk in the middle of the aisle in a parking lot? I'll return the favor.
f*cking annoying pest of a neighbor
Spray the outside of my car, I'll get the inside of yours.
Looky what I found...
If you're a bad customer you get the bad change
Petty Padlock
Don't want to be frightened? Don't talk trash.
I didn't actually do this, but the whole affair tickled me. Cross-post, link in comments.
Get me demoted? No more good music for you.
Tell me how to do my job? No e-mail for you!
Plane rides are cramped enough as it is.
Send me a nasty email about my teaching? It's on.
Billable Bitching
Ignore me? May evil spirits reside in your mortal form!
Laundry Rooms and Crusty Revenge
turn my colleagues against me? I'll get you back, eventually.
Complain about the lunch I made you, I'll give you a reason to complain.
I know, I'm vicious
Petty pet revenge
Sure I'll help you! Not.
Screw your nap
Taco Bell terror
Don't drink your patients' POP!
Invade my space? I'll hit you with revenge so petty that you won't even notice!
Avocado.
Don't pick up the phone when we have plans? One second voicemail for you
Don't be this guy.
[NSFW] My roommate kept drinking my sodas, even after I told him to stop. I decided to disturb him during his "happy" time.
She never figured it out.
Be kind to your neighbors
Don't print on me. Repost from r/atheism
Enjoy your milk
Remember to tip the parking valet.
[Request]Cursed out for correcting dog
I forced my roommate to move.
[Animation] Petty Revenge Is a Dish Best Served Cold
Ex gets treated and dumped the same way she did to me, but by the guy she left me for
You deserved worse than my One Finger Salute, but I did what I could.
The Loose Shoe.
Almost scared the pharmacist
She's cheating and doesn't know I know. Let the head games begin.
What my labmate doesn't know
Very petty revenge on a store with bad/no service
You Bully Me, I Steal Your Candy.
Don't fuck with my friends
He who laughs most obnoxiously, feels satisfied.
(X-POST FROM TFYS) Don't assume white girls can't speak spanish
From a pizza guy to an ice cream shop
Petty revenge advice regarding downstair apartment neighbors?
If I'm wrongly evicted from my apartment, how should I get my petty revenge on my asshole neighbors and landlord?
(MTG) Throw a pencil at my eye? This, is, EDH!
You like heat? Here's some heat!
A douchy student
The snarky poll worker.
Intentionally humiliate my friend and refuse to communicate? Revenge threesome.
I'm sorry, I had to cancel too.
I may have given my brother lung poisoning...
Always be late or never even show up huh? Well take this trash
Noisy Hotel Neighbors
Cut in line? I'll be sure to be extra quiet about your embarrassment.
You mess with us, we hurt your family
Park like an asshole? I'll be sure to let you know.
No thank you
Partner work sucks!
Oh, my computer is hacked, you say? Well now your time is wasted. (And you, fellow Redditors, can hear the whole thing!)
Motivational email is literally Hitler
Take up two spots? Enjoy the inconvenience.
My sad teenage attempt at petty revenge on a cheating boyfriend.
Now your meal isn't organic, grass fed, vegan, gluten free, cage free/whatever else you preach.
I don't get it...so neither will you.
Simple, easy, effective.
Excuse me, I thought I'm here to do work
See We Do Have Tickets
Steal a wallet from my store? Lose $50 in gift cards.
It's a Small World
Don't ride my ass, motorcyclist.
sorry, what was that?!
Don't mess with my daughter.
Too lazy to put your cart back?
Be a lazy, whiny bitch? Enjoy some staticky mediocre pop while you try to sleep.
Make me clean off the toilet seat every day?
Disrespect me and expect good customer service? Enjoy your inconvenience!
Three birds with one stone: Revenge of a sixth grade nerd
Lazy college group member get comeuppance
Olan Rogers petty revenge.
You didn't listen to me so now you fail.
Old lady wouldnt give me a sigarett.
Late to pick up your grandson?
Friend's neighbor's dog kept digging a hole under the fence...
Talk shit about me? Enjoy being tormented with the thought that I know about it
Mum's revenge on brother for complaining about his portion of chocolate milk
please, have a beer on me!
I've just realized something
My roommate punched in the front window.
anal valentine | Redtube Free Anal Porn Videos, Big Tits Movies &amp; Creampie Clips
Forget to sign my hours? A few more for me.
My waitress was a cunt
Dive in the shallow end
Kick me for no reason? Enjoy a broken toe.Constantly shout and scream when I've asked you to keep it down because I'm trying to revise for my final year exams will you?
Refuse to listen? Enjoy not eating.
Bathroom revenge.
Dealing with racists at the gun range
You blame me anyway...
Don't fuck with your coder
Act rude? No rewards for you
Please do not block my parking spot ever again.
My brother likes to leave clothes in the bathroom...
Nearly Hit My Car And Cut Me Off? I'll Make You Wait
Enjoy your steaming hot shower!
Block me in? Taste my sweet revenge!!!
I hope you like carpet!
Chain Mail? Ok.
honk honk? yeah, let's see about that..
Hope you don't miss your chopsticks
Flashing your lights at me? See how you like 'em.
Spend $400 Right at Close? You can wait awhile...
Favors aren't in my job description when you're an asshole.
Rude old lady on the bus.
Move out and leave a disgusting mess for me in the kitchen? That's cool.
I see your one middle finger and raise you zero fucks
Put something where I can't reach it? I'll put something where you can't see it!
Fire me? I won't shake your hand.
A watery revenge on the Caretaker
Not in such a hurry now!
If you're an asshole, nobody will want to help you.
It's the little things that keep a marriage together
Man at carwash
Don't mess with me
I'm sure I can find a closer parking spot
That'll show you to mess with me
"Big Guy"
You shoo me away like I don't matter when I'm setting equipment up for your video conference have fun trying to figure it out when it doesn't work.
Don't throw your lunch at people
Dog Pooh Flinger
Trash Refund
Woman at the car wash
Sometimes Violence IS The Answer
Friends roommate kept stealing her underwear
Don't litter in my parking lot
You guys are great
Vengeance was ours!
Dont treat me with respect? Ill deny your trade in.
The Musical Karma Train
Enjoy your flight, asshole
Very petty revenge on my husband
That'll teach you to trip me.
Payback stinks, you smudgy jerk!
If we don't get a quality of life, neither do you! (Kinda long).
Honk at me? I won't let you move!
How do you like them apples?
Nosey, huh? I'm watching you!
Gonna honk for no reason? I'll give you something to honk about.
Rude to me? NO WORK FOR YOU
Old-timey photographs
Ex Revenge
I've been lying in wait for 10 years to get my revenge
Simple lesson: don't drive (and park) like an asshole.
Need a pencil? Sorry, can't help you.
Don't want to eat yesterdays bread?
Can't wait for your burrito? Neither can I.
Enjoy your shower
Take credit for my code, I'll mispronounce your name.
Restaurant revenge
Mess with me for a week? Congratulations on the new disease you have.
Comedian got abusive with me till I walked out so I mind-fudged him with this video.
Forget my name? Alright.
Need a pencil? Sorry, can't help you.
Spell my name wrong? Behold my passive-aggressive formatting.
Enjoy your socks!
Welcome to hell week, theif. I'll carry your luggage.
Another post about someone messing up names.
Petty payback on ex-wife.
Justice! That's what you get for trying to work the system
Can't spell my name right? That's cool.
My roommate's story was funny though
Petty revenge against an annoying customer
Destroy my property? Enjoy my music!
New Parent Restaurant Revenge
Be better at bowling than me? I'll slightly annoy you for a few seconds.
Petty revenge never felt more satisfying.
Tailgate me for ten minutes then try to pass me to school? I don't think so.
It's difficult to clean up your act without your soap.
It was me, Barry! I spoiled you!
How I got back at a girl who hurt me emotionally.
Make my return a pain in the ass? Feel my wrath.
Mom Pulled the power on our Router..
This is how a Soldier of Nod handles things.
Movie Theater Revenge
Break my heart and ruin my Prom night?
Didn't take the extra effort to bring the carts to the shed? Have fun trying to remove the brakes.
The night off petty
Of course you should enter the elevator before anyone else can get off.
Best served sliced... poorly
Upvote / Downvote
Persistence!
The slow reverse
Honking Revenge
SinglesTo People Who Tailgate Me
Blow me off? Okay, freeze then.
Get pissed and play the victim when I take away a small amount of the convenience I gave you in the first place? Say goodbye to the rest of it.
Enjoy your new friend
Lie and say I was trying to hook up with you? Face my wrath!
Today I was on the receiving end of petty revenge
Invade my personal space? Get a moderately irritating poke in the back
Biking petty revenge
Just like as you say, I don't know much.
Petty revenge at the social security office.
Don't use what is not yours.
Sleep on the couch
Oh, am I blocking your way?
Take that, arrogant IT guy!
No clean hair for you!
Nobody likes pee except you, dickwad
Preschoolers are jerks
My father has better aim than I thought...
Enjoy your naked bagel, TODDLER.
That's what you get for killing friendlies.
In case you weren't aware, you can't merge your car into a lane when there's already another car there...
Battlefield revenge
Impatient Driver? I'm in no rush.
Ignore Administrative Professionals Day, wil you?
I hear about this one at every family gathering...Nice work, grandma.
Flick me off on the highway with BOTH arms? Enjoy your police report...
Slam a door in my face? Imma close the elevator on you.
Train in vain
Who's laughing now?!
Petty revenge encounter of the accidental kind, or: How do you like dem diesels?
Pedestrian Revenge
Don't ever feel like closing? Well, I don't either.
The greatest revenge of all time.
Teach this cheating skank a lesson
Say penis on the phone? Enjoy a heart attack.
Don't like it? Get your own apartment!
Woman In Japan Catches Cheating Boyfriend and Does This to His Electronics
He copied my test answers for an entire semester, I had enough and made him flunk
Enjoy your smoke, bitch
Door Slam
revenge on bossy cousin
Need revenge ideas for locker room douche
Be a jerk, I hope you like your drink hot.
Simple, elegant karma.
The Pettiest Victory
Some like it hot
Nut Crushing
Don't mess with Auntie
Underage and underprivileged
Complain about me on the internet? I don't think so.
Start a stupid argument? Fold your own clothes.
Scam free pizza, get free toppings
My girlfriend complained about me on /r/pettyrevenge, so I used her computer to edit her complaint while she was sleeping
my girlfriend complained about me on /r/pettyrevenge so I updated her comment while she was sleeping
Tiny Vengeance
"... So, I'm taking someone else"
Pissed on my dad's girlfriend's chihuahua
Flip out on me and I'll ruin your business.. for a day.
Enjoy the cheese, bitch.
Bitch me out for nothing, will you???
Inconsiderate Landlord
Update 2: Neighbor trespassed and was biten...crap has gone off the rails!! Pitchforks! Fences!! Lawyers! Oh my!
The tale of my Broken PC.
I will not keep secrets from my family.
Follow me too closely on the highway? Prepare to feel my wrath.
Catfished A Cheating Bitch!!
Got my brother back for doing a bunch of crap things by calling him "grand wizard of virginity" on his 30th birthday in front of a cute waitress and in front of an entire restaurant
Squatting in my house
Petty Revenge at Daycare
Made You Late(r) for Work
Tip the pizza guy
Jim Jefferies' lesson about plane etiquette (starts at 30m44s)
Do not use my salt.
Tripped a rude old fart, potentially ruined his marriage.
Stinking up the workplace
I need a recipe for Revenge
My boyfriend was irritating me, so I changed my Facebook picture to one without him
That 19p could have come in handy
The pettiest of the petty.
Streetpass revenge
Aye, that's not your bowling ball
The Evil step family
She called me a liar
Be careful with your towel
I didn't even know the extent of my revenge until now.
Ex-roomate mail denial
Ignore me until you need me for something? Move by yourself.
The pot moocher
I hope you enjoy the dick soap like you enjoyed my milk!
Enjoy my loofah
Revenge against Twitter troll?
I waited more than a decade. Best served cold and all that.
You'll be late for class!
Missie's Misery
Take all my ice cream? Never again.
Let me just move my car
The slow downfall of Brenda the Bitch is officially in progress.
Like to start drama in the neighborhood and dump, enjoy your elephant shit :)
Pettyrevenge, Russian style
Beware what you may have left behind.Laundry room revenge. I hope her panties shrank.
Diaper Wars
Garbage Day
MY 2¢
Teen aged son sneaking out of the house? Welcome to the world of booby traps.
That's my favorite blanket
Dry hump on my hood? Enjoy your trip, see you next fall.
NOLA won't make the playoffs...eh?
Don't have any empathy after I injure myself working for you, guess I'll follow the doctors advice to the letter
Snap at me? Enjoy getting woken up by well wishers.
Tailgating for absolutely no reason
Cua hang thu cung gia re | cua hang thu cung tai tphcm
Honk at me? Miss your light.
Steal my rice bowl? I'll shut off your power.
Roommate keeps borrowing my mug
Browsing this sub makes me feel stupid of the old me who would do shit like this. If you only knew the freedom of picking gems off the tree of life every time you pass on a petty revenge.
I mailed a bag of edible penises to a United States Senator
Have a nice sleep asshat
Don't pick a fight with me.
Don't disturb the class
Don't acknowledge me after I help you? Well...
Eggs and Yeast...
Bad breakup
Yell at me?? Pay me or piss your pants!
Put my locker outside?enjoy bending down a little bit more everyday
Mom and the Windchimes
My husband said something rude to me
Revenge on the house sitter
Dishes revenge.
Use a technicality on me, you better believe I'll return the favour.
Someone parked in my space(that I pay a monthly fee to use) and I had to park 2 blocks away from my building. What should I do to make sure this asshole doesn't try to pull this again?
TLDR: Ignore the women in charge, get free farts
If I have to fill it out, YOU have to fill it out.
Steal my shit?
The Act of Decaf-ing
Wanna drive like a dickhead? Look like a moron
Want to act like you know it all? Fine. Figure it out yourself.
Want to be rude to me and another customer? Allow me to freak you out.
Take my gum without asking? Enjoy the taste of my butt crack.
Customer: "Don't work too hard". OK. I won't.
Leave your trash and be annoying? Lose your Thermos.
If he had asked, i would have given some too
Sorry for helping you with your dog
53 Chickens, 1 Apartment
Don't want to control your kids, huh?
Need revenge against shitty roommates
Ignore my birthday? Your 21st Birthday is going to be less awesome.
Customer: "Try not to work too hard." OK. I won't.
Brother being an ass? No food 4 u
Another revenge on my roommates annoying girlfriend!
Professor sleeps during my presentation
Cheating in the HOV lane? Let me just get this cop's attention.
Tired of walking?
Someone else's petty revenge that I got blamed for
A simple pedestrian's vicarious revenge.
My dog was a jerk, so I was too.
Girl made fun of me on Twitter
This is what happens...
The most petty revenge on my spoiled little brother.
Revenge on bratty sister
Brother broke my keyboard, so I didn't save his
Saying no to prom is fine, but running away?
Entitled cyclist meets someone who doesn't take their bullshit
Take my freedom? I'll take my rug!
Want a discount? I'll give you a "discount"
Steal my gum? Suffer for your sins!
No calls? Sure, if you say so...
Enjoy your minor inconvenience
Book Bag on Bus Btard
The tale of 2 techs and the best 10 dollars ever spent x-post from /r/talesfromtechsupport
No smoothie for you!
Drive-through petty revenge
My sister's missing shoe
Gamer BF got his
This guy will never tailgate again.
I finally told the girl who used me all year for school work I wouldn't help her anymore.
Annoying roommate and his girlfriend.
Don't mess with your barista
My roommate likes to leave her clothes in the washer.
No, I won't sell you these fine crystal champagne flutes for 25¢!
Oh, you won't clean up after the cat I'm allergic to?
Two ounces of cashews
demand a tip for your shitty service?
To the jerkface beeping at me
You're not my mom. Stop correcting me.
Be rude to me over the phone? Enjoy your spider.
Denny's
My father is a sweet but sour man.
Be a bitch on the train and reap what you sow
Help me exact petty revenge on tele scammer?
Disrespectful behavior is distracting.
A mile of petty revenge
Going to use my coffee? I'll give it the ol switcheroo.
Sweet dreams, Doofus..
I don't know why there are feathers poking you...
Don't text and drive
Step on my life goals? Here comes the petty revenge, bitch.
No sauce for him! All the sauce for me!
Revenge ideas for petty land lord who overnight decided I was no longer the perfect tenant and texted me I have 30 days to move.
Don't you dare watch that show without me!Take my pillows, thanks for the beer.
My wrath rides on the wind
My boss likes to micromanage...but not for long.
So this one time some asshole I was waiting on sent back a cup of coffee 3 times.
Update: Neighbor trespassed and was biten...crap has gone off the rails!! Pitchforks! Fences!! Lawyers! Oh my!
Advice needed for asshole co-worker
Just gonna blow me off like that? see what happens.
You keep flooding the bathroom? No problem. I'll clear it up.
Ice Ice Baby
Breaking Bread Protocol? Enjoy your Crusty Revenge!
I'm changing my Netflix password.
Well now, you're just going to have to stay up late.
I respect you, you respect me. It's simple.
Good luck getting your bike out
Enjoy your sugary, sweet computer mouse.
Think you could do my job better than me ? Well, alrighty then.
Neighborhoods should be quiet. Neighbors should be respectful.
Oh...you wanted a clean car?
Next stop, one extra floor!
Revenge is a dish best served cemented.
This is what you get for being nothing but nice to me.
I live with pot smokers!
You left your lights on...
Snoop through my notes? Enjoy reading about yourself.
Dunkin' Donuts revenge
Your anxiety is bothering me.
Lie to my face and get wet clothes
Disturb my bathroom privacy? Enjoy your visit...
CALL THIS NUMBA
Park menace
Railing against seat hogs
Ruin my concert experience? Alrighty then.
The old McDonald's nose-blow
I feel a lot of the revenges posted are more than petty
Don't wanna be considerate with noise? Fine.
You think you stole my parking spot?
Have fun licking yourself for 10 minutes
Youre bad mouthing me to the new employee? Have fun staying late
Make fun of me?
Best revenge on rip off company.
Abusing the Shoulder
Petty Revenge on Boss
Revenge as only a 5 Year Old can Deliver it.
Park me in, will ya?
A truck driver's revenge
I convinced my little sister that our house is haunted...
Sorry.
School bus loading zones are for school buses.
I need petty revenge advice
Don't mess with tall people
Lots of attitude and no ID? Don't worry, I'll take care of you.
Wear your seat belt.
Work at a hospital, "burrhurr gotta grab my kids can I cut the line?" doesn't work when I have a line of cancer patients.
Fuck With the Jukebox. Face the Consequences.
I was used by this girl, but i got my revenge
Guide to passive-aggressive lawn care
Boss serves up Pettiness for me
Have fun getting in your car.
So Petty I Don't Even Have a Good Title
Pickle in your purse.
You want to drive like an asshole? Enjoy some Jersey driving then.
Hope you weren't *too* late
Revenge for the Horseshoe II . . .
You couldn't wait an hour to finish your laundry? Have fun waiting up another hour.
Pickle in your purse
Sending a prepaid letter back to spammers the hard way
Sure, you can have some ice.
There's a guy who has been really messing with some of my friends and pissing me off. So I put out a very specific craigslist ad...
Pedestrian's Revenge
Passive-aggressive driving at its safest
Mail-in Rebate Revenge
Pickle in your purse.
I'm sick of this song.
Wanna force an entire bar to listen to bad pop country? Enjoy some Spice.
Sorry I'm late, it won't happen again!
Do you like your muffin buttered?
There's a guy who has been really messing with some of my friends and pissing me off. So I put out a very specific craigslist ad...
Pranked a guy that pisses me off, and fucks with my friends by putting his number on craigslist in a very specific way.
Could I get in legal trouble for throwing cat litter all over a person's room?
Eye for an eye against noisy neighbors
I was slightly inconvienced
I got 2 new kittens a few weeks ago
Don't sass my little brother...
I use Pentatonix to fuck with my sister(she deserved it)
I hope you enjoy your peanut butter contaminated jelly sandwich!
There was a very rude passenger on my flight this morning...
Steps and stares
My sister didn't clean the crumbs she left on the counter, so I collected them and scattered it all over her room.
The Lawn and Garden Troll
Tailgating.
Enjoy a less shitrusy-smelling bathroom!
My connection got me hard
One foot worth of revenge.
My dad was being an asshole...
Help an honest guy get revenge against a douchebag.
Damnit..... Fair enough
Don't be rude to the waiter, or you will get a clumsy meal
Mock my beta keys will you...
To my ALWAYS humming co-worker in the bay next to me..
charge me 10$ for cleaning out my wallet a day early? you get the finger.Revenge for the horseshoe . . .
Being a bitch? Enjoy sitting at the door!
Is there an /r for real revenge?
I WAS RIGHT
Manipulating the situation...
Half-assed Ass.
I got her fired and feel no remorse.
I'll let Mother Nature do the petty revenge for me.
Dormitory laundry room revenge (x-post from comments)
How to make a point with a crappy server (at least I hope we did)
Oh you poor, poor old woman....
Want to annoy the driver? I hope you like my music.
Good news! A spot opened up on the team for John!
Remind me to vacuum the kitchen and bathroom? I'll do it thoroughly.
Short story about some parking karma
Waste my time AND my resources? Then you get to wait.
Revenge served Ice Cold
Wanna be both cheap AND rude?
Krispy Kreme karma.
I beat a Craigslist scammer at their own game yesterday
Revenge on X
I only gave my buddy a free beer
Hope it's an arrest warrant
I won a car from a dealership, except so did everyone else...
Sorry I interrupted your bible study on our flight. Enjoy a longer wait.
A nod would have been nice
You rip me off for $300? Periodic petty revenge is yours and likely won't end.
An anonymous messenger during the night
Get off your butt? How 'bout no.
Letting my car take one for the team
Tailgate me? Okay. Let's play.
Fighting Poop With Sound
Petty revenge denied.
Petty gaming revenge
Petty Revenge on my Roommate
Saying hello can be hard.
Screw up the judging process of an event I've spent months preparing for? Hope you don't need any of these pens.
You enjoy that reasonable tip...I've got something even better.
Oh, you wanna escalate service requests without giving me the time to resolve the issue? Have fun with this one.
My 3 year old has been peeing the bed every night this week...
My ex left her email logged in..
Revenge is a dish best served steaming
In Call Centres we have calendars, remember that
Damn Canucks.
Don't appreciate me? Have fun grabbing the wrong thing.
Being rude and unhelpful? I'll email your manager...
There was a spike in fire boots until it all came crashing down.
Just say thank you, please
Don't fuck with the guy that handles your finances
Cut in front of me while waiting for the bus?
Park in other people's spots? Enjoy the shit I give you
Have fun sleeping in Ahole!
Bully me on the road? I'll make you feel really guilty.
Annoying co-worker
Another use for that wonderful invention, Saran Wrap!
Call me names? I'll ruin your day!
We're such good friends/family that you can't hold your brother accountable for a $20 bet? Now I'm the bad guy for calling you both out for dodging me? Let's go.
VIP no more
You tailgate me? I make you miss the green.
Dorm Showers
Enjoy your horseshoe . . . Ass
I've been playing the long game
Hope you like the taste of toilet
Don't want to change my money for the carwash?
"Sorry, we can't do an exchange without a receipt."
Don't piss off fellow gym goers if you want to have sex in the bathroom.
Wake me up? Suffer.
They deserved worse.
Glitter in the showerhead
Now we're even [Short]
Should've shown up on time the first time.
Lost in Transit....
I'll make you regret bitching at me for doing my job...
Being a jerk, demanding I pour more Gin in your drink because you claim I put to little. There's only one way to find out.
Tap water isn't good enough for you? Let me just fix that for you real quick.
My prettiest revenge
Ruin my sleep will you?
Don't we all long for that glorious moment when you show people from your past that they were wrong?
Cheating Wife? Enjoy your "revised" health insurance and two hour drive to the Doctor
Ew, gross
Take my iPhone without permission? No more Guild Wars for you.
Some petty traffic light revenge
You're too good to drink tap water? Fine with me.
What an ass..
help me deal with my very loud, harassing neighbors
Laundromat Struggles
Completely ruined tailgater's day.
Petty Revenge is: being graded on the quality of your own work.
Its easy to be racist when you think no one can understand
A penny saved
Pigs at the Bar
Trying to jump the queue?
Trying to jump the cue?
I made my client look like a midget
Girl in Art &amp; Crafts class was being rude to me.
Come home for spring break and spread your moodiness all over me? Watch me post pix on fb of all your favorite dishes I'm making... after you leave!
Don't Touch My Coke...
Oops, you didn't know that we spoke English?
Sorry, we're closed.
Arrogant butcherTailgating, Road Rage, Violence
"Oh, sorry! It's been a long day - let me pop my shoes off!"
Enjoy the porn (kind of long)
B*tch neighbor
Yell at me over the phone? Well enjoy your slightly disappointing snack cake
A rude rude man on a scooter who cut everyone in line at a Wal-Mart in Florida.
Honk at me, I'll play your game....
I am the gatekeeper!
It's *my* birthday, NOT yours.
Split second decision revenge
Sorry for making you drive the speed limit.
"Oh yeah! Lemme check on that."
Enjoy walking all the way around your very large truck
Lights out
Fill up my facebook feed with your nonsense? Get a shit ton of ridiculous and horrible free samples and junk mail you'll hate.
Deliciously Petty
Just take out the trash.
We only have two men's toilets for the whole floor.
Another "Windows Tech Support" scam call.
Ask me to wait then take two orders that should have been after me? Enjoy counting, bitch.
Want to bum a cig? Fine by me.
I cant wait to see her face when she comes back to work.....
Revenge at 39,000 feet off the ground
If you can't be polite, I won't help you find a job
If you can't be polite, I'm not going to help you find a job
Petty Alarm Clock Revenge on Wife
Sweet revenge.
Drink My Soda And Brag About It? Have Fun Driving Home
Simple laundry instructions.
[NSFW] I am the gastric avenger!
Cut in line in front of me, and be inconvenienced!
Tailgating Revenge
Petty TP
Coffee wars
Chem suit nightmare
Double-team revenge at the drive-thru
Quit coming in late.
Railroad Crossing Impatience
That'll teach you not to hold the door.
I'm inconveniencing you eh? You bet I am
I'm not usually this petty...
Sweet sweet revenge with one click of a button
Stickin' it to the man
You will learn what 3 feet means.
Porshe in the Parking Lot
Burn my stuff? Delete your stuff.
Mr Pushy Ebay Seller
Roommate revenge
Act like an asshole, and you can wait with the rest of us.
Hope you sleep well.
Take my pen away before the class test? Yeah riiight..
I'm usually not this petty.
Demon-spawn and the key to happiness
No even numbers for you
Force me to speak to you? No.
Petty revenge on my wife...
I used his own porn to hurt him.
Douchebag upstairs neighbor and his precious Harley...
Doofus in club didn't get the fight he wanted, but got something else
Terrible mother/human being
Don't want to share? Then I won't either.
Different kind of story: I think I got petty revenged
Neighbor trespassed and was biten...crap has gone off the rails!! Pitchforks! Fences!! Lawyers! Oh my!
Physics Project
Work in good faith next time, douche.
Pool Day Problems
Disrespectful employer gets a taste of her own medicine
Nice purple lipstick on your teeth, bitch
Be a better roommate and maybe you'll stop taking resin hits
Revenge on disrespectfully loud upstairs neighbor
Send Someone a "Bag of Shit"
Try to steal money from me? I'll fuck with your facebook!
The Saucy Bitch or: How I learned to stop worrying and love the beeps
disrespectful, loud and rude neighbors: an eye for an eye
Arrogant jerk
Shithead bike parking
Stupid neighbor.
How my grandparents used to deal with door- to -door proselytizers.
You get what you (didn't) pay for!
Road rage
Old man neighbor wonders what that smell??
Call me stinky? Enjoy a cold shower.
The Mouthwash Chronicles
Petty revenge at an asian restaurant
I'll show you what a stupid fucking cunt really is
Silent yet petty
I hope your intestines can take a detour
Crowd Control
Secret revenge on illmannered texter.
I always carry a $100 bill to pay for small purchases where there's a credit card minimum
Cut? Enjoy your paste.
Call me names while I make you breakfast?
Disturb me when I try to sleep and then sleep during the day? Have you heard this awesome song?
Potato salad
Train Driver vs Graffitti Artist
Thanks for the tip
Am I being detained?
The Equalizer of the Car Wash
Chef revenge.
You took my clothes out of the washer? [x-post from /r/funny]Selective hearing? Selectively enjoy constantly being degraded.
Not so clean laundry
Enjoy that mint?
You took my clothes out of the washer?
Don't kick my seat
I hate her.
Your lights are too bright
Make me pay property taxes? How about I pay them in $1 bills?
Today a lady tried to cut in front of me at Peet's Coffee...
They say not to move in with friends..
To My Abusive Ex Boyfriend...
I tried to warn her but she wouldn't listen...
Tailgate me when I'm doing more than the speed limit? I'll make your driving experience worse!
A Prius pulled up next to me
Complain and threaten my job? Good luck keeping your food cold!
Counted it twice you say? Don't worry, I'll make it back.
Park like a douch? No problem, my car is narrow...
This is what happens when you tailgate my like an asshole
No hands to hand out flyers to...
I don't take stealing lightly..
The cupboard is sacred. Don't touch.
PLS clean up ur shit
Friendship is a two way street
Complaining about a free drink? Extra ice for you!
Casino: Rude patrons hate waiting.
Have parties and let your kid run rampant?
Bank Tellers can't add, or use a calculator.
Parking Revenge on my Neighbor
Yeah, that's right; keep buying burritos with no punch card!
Duchebag wants HIS phone back!
Delicious pot roast.
Need help getting back at a girl who stood me up (No Abuse)
Sorry for being old.
I hate my sisters cat
Trying to get me in trouble? Enjoy your overnight accommodations.
Be rude to the people I work with? Let me spice things up for you.
Wrong fuel.
Neighbors complain about the height of a guys house. He gives them the finger.
Make me give you printer meter readings twice? I'll waste your time also.
Get out of line at the airport? Enjoy waiting extra time at the counter.
Stop For Pedestrians
The one that got away...
Lights
Am I going crazy?
Don't mess with my favorite game, jerk.
You yell at innocent people? Have fun walking a little more.
Not a morning person
Petty Baby Shower Revenge
You make fun of my question, I make fun of your email!
You make fun of my question, I make fun of your email.
You Don't Work Hard? I Make You Work Longer
Enjoy your inkjet bill.
Enjoy your life inkjet bill.
Short and Petty
Touch my stuff without asking? Enjoy having baby oil in your hair (x-post from /r/badroommates)
He is so Erudite.
If I get dirty you get dirty as well.
To the filthy people
Army Reservist Petty Revenge
You scream at me, no day off for you.
My ex's junk mail has been coming to me. Time to return to sender!
Stop leaving open food aver night at work!
No parking spot for you!
Hate Mexicans? Have twenty!
Call in on a busy day, I don't stay to help you anymore
You don't want to listen to me, enjoy being sick!
The Worst Roommates I've Ever Had
Annoying Student Revenge
Park over the line? Acknowledge your mistakes
Flip shit and yell at me instead of addressing the issue like a professional and an adult? Enjoy my three part revenge.
The scooter looks better on the back of a tow truck anyway.
My "Get rekt" moment
Sick of Cleaning all of Roommate's Dishes, You Enjoy that Grated Cheese!
I Don't Fuck With You
You hog a desk I need? I'll hog something of yours!
I left him on the bus
You hog my desk for 2 hours? I'll hog something of yours.
Dump me for getting accepted to grad school? Enjoy your early morning wake-up call
Parking Spot War
Send me glitter? I'll watch without you.
Making ex roommate regret messing with me...
I beat the system!
Ex roommate was a dick, messed with his router.
Thermostat wars with roommate
Not grateful for what I'm giving you? Then you get nothing.
You waste my time and the office's paper, you get social experiments and the shredder.
I dislike my coworkers. Part 2
Wall expert gets mildly annoyed
I ask if you need help and that's how you talk to me? Ok then.
Crazy Gets Her Dose of Petty
Roommate's girlfriend is at our house ALL the time...
What small-time petty revenge do you take in everyday life?
The parking spot
You do not want me in this section again? Ok, fine...
You choose not to hear me? Well I won't hear you then.
Oh, am I interrupting your meal?
Guess you'll have to wait
Death by Sound of Music
How do I petty revenge this lady!?!?
Enjoy the exercise!Fine. Don't go to your cousin's wedding.
Talk loudly on the phone while I'm working?
Groupon Revenge Needed
You left your keys in my car? Nope, sorry. I don't see them.
Want to be a lazy tattle tale? That's fine. Nice hair, btw!
Something petty I have always done.
Veterans Affairs wouldn't give me what was owed, now they pay me for life.
I buy a game we can share but you don't share the console? No game for you!
No soda for you!
What did you say?
"That's part of life."
No acknowledgement? Ok. Nsfw.
Petty Birthday Revenge...
Park like an asshole, I'll call you out like an asshole
Ten years later it still brings a smile to my face. A story from my time serving in a deli.
I hope you DON'T enjoy your movie.
It's all fun and games until someone doesn't pay up. Then it's just games. Do you want to play?
If only I could've seen the look on her face...
Ranting customer "accidently" calls store owner a racial slur to her face...kinda
Be a douche when I'm going out of my way to help you? Hope you like shivering.
Be a terrible Human being? Have fun flunking.
Honk at me in the drive through? Enjoy your slightly longer wait
Karma, bitch
Abrupt transfer
Hope you had a nice time at the zoo you fucking asshole.
My cube is not the break room.
A very merry St. Paddy's Day revenge
When did this sub turn from petty revenge into hardcore revenge?
Oh you want access to my Drobpox folders? Let me invite you to view them. Over and over again.
Facebook and poker during class? Nope
Don't skip the queue just because you're wearing Lycra
your whole family is gonna be rude because my restaurant is busy? have fun getting a lock smith
Insensitive comments lead to missing out lil sis...
Short one about a pizza delivery I did back in my college days
Giggling coffee shop girls
Tailgate me after cutting off my parents? Sit there for 37 miles.
So a tailgater and I had an encounter yesterday
Let the doorknob hit cha where the dog shoulda bit cha! But, as a parting gift...
Don't be rude to the train conductor
What happens when you throw things at us in the common room.
Group work revenge
Charging Cables Present A Trip Hazard
This sub has turned to shit.
Petty Fart
A perfect setup for poetic justice
Constantly talk down to me and berate me about my productivity? See what that gets you...
A tale of two laundries
Liquor store revenge
Operation "Out Bitch the Bitch"- a Prom Story
Act like a pretentious bitch? No more refills for you
Dad insults me via voicemail when he is drunk.
Former roommate decide to try use my tools... End up prevent him from using it, ruining his and his girlfriend's trip.
Respectfully resigning
Open House? Enjoy the noise.
Best thing to do with a phone number?
A guy in a group project didn't do any of the work and just played Pokemon the whole time...
Take over my workspace? I waste your time.
ID please
The South Park Virus
Cut me off to get a parking space? NOT IN MY HOUSE.
Petty Revenge Backfires
I got petty revenged so hard by a random grandmother today and I deserved it
"Here are the apples you've lost"
Cut me off? I'll make you so mad you almost have a stroke.
Don't cut me off in front of my dad... we are both petty
Bureaucracy defends the line
Misplaced screens, misplaced cables.
Cheating Ex DVR petty revenge
Screwing with the debt collectors' heads
Life's a bitch
Tell me to do your job? I'll show you petty.
No, you spelled that wrong.
How do you seek revenge on an anonymous stalker defaming your author pen name and real name as well?
If you don't pay for the internet, you don't get the internet.
Petty revenge for being a racist.
Won't turn down the country? Enjoy the other end of the spectrum, asshole.
Don't use a blinker? Get a talking to!
My housemate is a cunt. Here are a few tragically petty ways I fuck with him
Even if there isn't a line, there's a line. Don't be a jerk.
"It'll only be 5 minutes."
please call this cheater, 5193860077
Lady thinks I am homeless, I show her!
When people annoy me on reddit, I send them Game of Throne's spoilers
Hassle-free, I don't think this is the definition of that...
Anything but a Hassle-free transaction...
Automatically take five minutes off my shifts when I submit my timesheet? I'll take an extra five minutes every break.
I'll just make a user use Linux
Friendly "tech support" guy has been calling us for over a month now. He finally got me instead of my wife.
"Bitch it's not how it looks! Can we Bitch talk about it? …Bitch?"
Absolutely no cares given...
Don't tailgate the Pizza Guy.
No manners? Let me slightly inconvenience you by making you think you'll get pulled over
Just a little dust . . .
Heard this one from my interior design teacher
Running from debt collectors...sucks that your old phone number is my new phone number.
No tip? Extra messages!
Block the ski piste? Get a wave of snow all over you.
Leave the tank empty AGAIN? Fine, I won't fill it up either.
What time is it?
Fat jerks in wawaDon't want to act like an adult? Fine, then I'll tattle on you.
Turning off lights too difficult for you? I'll help.
College girl can't act like an adult, fine, I'll tattle on you
Enjoy warm drinks for a week!
Won't realize you have the wrong number ? Let me sing you the song of my people.
Steal our gas I'll break your car
Petty Revenge in the Library
Left surprise sex toys all over my house to get back at terrible leasing agency [NSFW-ish?]
Take that dad
Request: some creep messaged my gf something gross, gimme your raunchiest thing i can send him
Petty revenge on a neat-freak, thieving roommate
Don't respect quiet hours in the apartment and continue to trash talk other gamers loudly?
Smoke my weed and take my TV? I'll have my revenge!
Be nice to your Team Mates (XPost from /r/EvolveGame)
Van driver feels my wrath
Sociopath neighbor needs to suffer. Revenge ideas?
Post-roommate revenge (+photo)
Rude?, enjoy the hour-long walk
On the receiving end of petty revenge from a parent.
I guess you could say I take copyright very seriously...
George W. Bush's Petty Revenge on a Junior High Student
George W. Bush's Petty Revenge on a Junior High Student
What does refusing to sell me painkillers and a basket full of pastry have in common?
Petty revenge on a 10.
Mickey doesn't touch meat
Getting Revenge on a Klepto
Father leaves angry voice mail message for daughter
Petty Revenge on a tailgater
English teacher is a power-abusing asshole
Tailgating?
Petty revenge on cheating boyfriend
you think your car is so special
This Gif captures the true essence of petty revenge.
Hardware store idiot learns a hard lesson.
Sweet gas revenge
Petty revenge of a bartender.
After being lead on and finally giving up, this came last week
How DARE you try to cheat in my favorite game.
Won't change your attitude? I won't change either...
I really hoped you'd steal this one. And I got my wish
After countless interruptions during dinner, I used my computer to waste telemarketer's time instead
Need ideas for horrible roommates
Tailgater made to wait
Block the grocery aisle? Feel the wrath of my stinky ass!
sorry i'm not in the market for religion
You skipped me bitch
Monkey see, monkey do, bitch.
Entitled 28 yr old vs. the less privileged
Instant Karma For Short Stuff
Enjoy the completely decimated garden, fuckknuckles!!
Steal my food from my desk will you, oh I do hope you make it to the toilet in time..
I feel bad for the woman. But...
Glitter Bomb myself and others? Feel my wrath...
Fighting with the girlfriend. I love you. Or do I?
Guy messing with his cell phone at a stop light. I got him gooood.
Can't find the right chips for the coupon?
Sit in the office all day? Sure, good luck finding me when it's busy.
Call me out to the board, no lifeboat for you!
Attendance sabotage
Mrs Milky
You are the worst.
My wife doesn't appreciate my "channel flipping."
Struggling with old age? Let me help you with that...
If you aren't going to use your laptop for note taking, don't sit in the front row of lecture.
Over 15 years to take my revenge...
Petty Charge me some Petty Pennies then I will play the Perfect Petty game with you sweetheart.
To those who steal my chapstick
Parking space revenge
My petty revenge against Applesauce
I only like her negative posts
Blame me for your tardiness? I'll make you actually late.
Helped my coworker practise his parallel parking
Cop on cop petty revenge
Don't Use My Toothbrush.
So you think you are smarter?
This girl at work likes me, I've told her I'm not interested in dating at the workplace, now she's gotten really weird and talks trash about me behind my back, thinks it won't get back to me, but then tries to act nice in person. She's asked me to write some papers for her for money...
Should I wreck this plagiarist?
Cut me off? Have fun waiting.
Blast rap from your car? Two can play at that game!
Welding a lot? Not with tied shoes...
Petty revenge at the pub
Don't roll your eyes at me...
Over 15 years after middle school....
Roommate petty revenge
Revenge against a girl.
Short wife revenge on a tall husband
The universe took revenge on me
Lie to me about being married?? You'll pay.
The IT-guys had their payback
petty revenge on my neighbor while shoveling snow
The IT-guys had their payback
Invade my privacy, will you?
Spring slush
Adventures with TSA
Ruler
Music is a privilege
not illegal very very malicious sweet revenge
Come in 3 minutes before closing? Your burger won't look like a picture.
You talk to me like Im your retarded fiance'?
My GF thinks she is funnyRESTRAINING ORDER ENDS WHAT TO DO FOR REVENGE ON RESTRAINER
Petty revenge on crappy E-bay Seller
Mystery Movers
Oh? You're thirsty...that's nice.
Annoying cats that meow all night. (A comment I posted, thought I should share with everyone.)
/r/tf2 has very specific rules
Petty revenge on a sixth grader
It cost me a quarter and slowed her down. Made my afternoon.
Rude family must wait
Honk at me? You can wait.
spam-flavored petty revenge for a former manager
A company selling voice recognition whose voice recognition doesn't even work
Scorned Lover Uses Spotify for Petty Revenge
My asshole friend
Library Book Petty Revenge
No mustard? How about a lot of mustard!
Rude cashier
Swear and get angry about a different company? Sorry about that ma'am...
Secret Sauce with a touch of spice!
Rude to me over the phone? Guess I'll just take my sweet time...
airplane seat recliner
Don't you dare steal my newspaper
Paid in "Full"
You Reap What You Sow
You wanna be loud and Say "no" when asked to turn it down? Okay.
Grocery clerk rushed me so I took my sweet time.
Make fun of me, it's fine, I'll just use your expensive shower products
Grocery Store Petty Revenge
Wanna leave a frying pan full of marinara sauce in the work fridge and play games when I am nice enough to leave a note instead of throwing your shit in the trash like I should have?
[NSFW] Trying to stroke it on the phone? Enjoying your hearing loss.
Children were screaming outside when I was trying to sleep, but not for long.
Enjoy your parking ticket!
Tailgate me, will you?!
Server who always gives the bill to the woman.
I can't believe how happy I was when Karma came around.
Yell at me, no insurance
When you get given lemons
Give me a bad grade will you? Take my icy stare of doom!
Insult me after I spend 45 minutes helping you? I'll lower the priority of your ticket.
Won't take my money or sell me ice cream? I'LL SHOW YOU!
The most subtle Yo Momma joke ever told
If you cheat on me, then demand I keep doing your laundry, you're gonna have a bad time.
A Waitress gives me exact change... I give it back.
Loud revenge. What a sweetness.
Don't give me a ride? ok then...
It's the little things.
Sweet Bootcamp Revenge
Don't be selfish in the car park.
Grouchy old man
Fake Id
Block off two parking spots? I'll make sure you have to get out of your car to park it every time.
Friend cut some of my hair as a prank. Not impressed. Revenge suggestions?
Sometime petty revenge is best served cold.
So you think it's ok to play your music through your headset so an entire game lobby can hear it? Not today
Lending Tree...
What happens when you mess with my clean wiring.
I make fun of your mom - you set me on fire. Touché. (X-Post /r/ProRevenge)
Don't like my accent? Yinz are gonna git it den.
NEVER disrespect a crazy person that you share living space with.
Make our lobby ugly, I am going to infuriate you.
It was a grey Wednesday morning...
I think I've found the best way to deal with noisy neighbours
Ass Blaster
Harass, bully, and intimidate the workforce? I will make you look like an idiot in front of *your* bosses.
You choose to be late even though you can avoid it? I have a card that says Otherwise
Leave tampons on my counter, enjoy cuddling with them.
Skip my turn? Sniff that!
Sleeping Positions
PSA: The revenge isn't always the petty part, the person enacting the revenge is petty sometimes as well.
Cut labor during Christmas to win a vacation? Enjoy the fury.
You want to play stupid roommate games? Let's go then punk
Sweet Revenge
My coworker knows my reddit username and stalks my posts
Eat the last burger? I'll use your relish!
Well, I did it again, I made some asshole super fabulous
So, I have an Obamaphone. I get lots of weirdo pimp calls in the middle of the night.
Petty revenge on uppity litterbug.
Ignore me? I'll make you redundant.
I studied.
Don't let me out? Sweat grenade!
Steal from me? Now everyone gets to see your scratch-n-sniff!
I can also take things that aren't mine
So you find Latin offensive...
Cut in line? Well then, don't expect to go anywhere fast
I had to walk an extra 50 feet in the cold thanks to some asshole at my university
Don't lie about racism
Gross, but effective
Time to slow down
Hell hath no fury like a man denied cigarettes in the morning.
Wrong switch position
My keyboard is louder than yours
You took the wrong person's newspaper.
Lie to the insurance company? Enjoy your new rate!
I think somebody petty revenged my rude mother.
The school website needed an upgrade
I dislike my coworkers. Part 1
Have fun failing the exam, jerk
Waste my time? I'll waste yours
Who's crazy now?
Window seat is cold?Window Sales Guy is 20+ Minutes Late
No bonus points for you!
Using a handicap spot when you're not disabled? Let me explain to you why that's wrong...
Pretend to be poor while taking money from struggling readers? Enjoy removing flagged comments.
Enjoy your view
Enjoy your cheesy computer
Thanks for the 40¢ off a gallon, dickcheese!
Gym revenge foiled :(
The Cheese Smasher
Park so close to me I can't get my kid in the car? I'll park closer.
Flaky bitch
Freak out my fiancée? No internet for you.
My boss doesn't understand that 10:00 am is earlier than 2:00 pm, so I guess it doesn't matter what time it gets done.
Revenge On Crazy Chick In The Laundry Room
Sleep with the girl I told you I liked? Enjoy your stink dick at work today bud.
Sleep with the _one_ girl I told you I liked? Enjoy the stink sick at work bud
Rude to me? Get evicted.
Scam me will you?
Someone with seniority took my corner office
Office Parking Problem Turned Me Into An Alleged Terrorist. WTF
Spend My Money? No Fun For You.
Use me, then kick me to the curb. I'll give you a glimpse of the fun you aren't having.
Cashier on a Cell
Don't Mess With The World's Greatest Mother
Forget the trash? Well no taco for you!!
Steal my RuneScape God swords and take my 20m? I'll cut off your internet bitch.
The Nook Thief
My shampoo. MINE!
My all-time favorite product review: "She took the house, the dog and the 401K, but I still control the thermostat"
Spend My Money? No Fun For You.
First day, training on the register
Be a douche huh? Say hello to sweet sweet revenge
Little jerks finish last
He stole my stuff and ended up covered in revenge juice
Petty Revenge at a restaurant
I evicted a bad tenant. It was way worse than I expected.
Be Polite
An impromptu parking guard's pettiness
A spelling error leads to escalating pettiness.
Move your new girlfriend in just two weeks after we broke up? Enjoy your car's panic alarm randomly going off.
We'll be right back to that Telemarketer after this commercial break....
Finally served my jerk of a coworker some karma.
Stop touching my face towel!!!
Clean my PC? But wouldn't you rather donate your car to a 503C Charity...?
No need to get shitty, asshole.
Smoking is bad for you.
Don't want to go get a car from your other dealership for me? That's fine, I'll just use your loaner car to drive over there myself.
Never acknowledge my greetings? Enjoy your all-one-colour tulips.
Delicious, chocolate revenge with an unsuspected bonus.
Brought Down to Earth
Someone has been eating my wife's lunch. I made sure he never ate anything again.
Idiot tried to steal my story. I told my 6,000+ followers about her and alerted all her other victims.
Don't hold the door for me and kick my pile of dirt? Looks like you're stranded buddy.
Never Gonna Give You Up - The Rick Astley sex story
Simple and sweet revenge at the dealership
So someone kept stealing my wife's lunch. It will never happen again. X post from r/Australia
Middle School Mall Shenanigans
Sandwich Revenge
No sleep for you. No wakefulness, either.
Xenomorphs have just invaded Earth and you have 24 hours to prepare. What do you do?
Now you get to do the work you prevented. Assholes...
I would be pretty unbothered if all frat dudes were suddenly eaten by sinkholes.
Use my razor? Enjoy your fire crotch.
Roommates from hell
Pull a bait-and-switch on me? Enjoy your bad reviews.
Subtle revenge on annoying customers
Call me several times for a stupid phone survey?
They who be homeless, ask and be annoying, and from the heavens their wishes will come true. At the expense of the other asshole.
Unintentional revenge…
No regard for me? No Internet for you.
Take THAT with your coffee
"Friend" keeps calling me at all hours of night, waking me up.
Subtle Sabotage
Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned...
Guy who left with my prom date now works at car wash (going to make him wash my car)
Impatient man gets swift karma in drive thru
Revenge on a real estate agent
So.. the guy i spent Valentines day with had a gf. I'm pissed. Petty revenge anyone?
Got fired from a national newspaper. I was in charge of their Twitter feed. They forgot.
Thou shalt not try to have sex with my boyfriend.
Parking Revenge in DC
Tormenting OCD
Fuck your swimming pool
OCD Terrorist
Best Dad Ever
Sipping ppl's drinks without permission? Enjoy ur bathroom break.
Being rude to your flight attendant is a bad idea
Go to sleep.
Swear all day playing call of duty? Have fun in the basement
Today I unintentionally made a child cry.
Eat my girlfriends gluten free pizza will you??
Pissed off Parallel Parker
A revenge both so very petty and so very British
No sauce for you.
I didn't keep her name out of my mouth
Waste My Time With Nonsense Tasks? I'll Blow Up Your Inbox While You Sleep
The customs of Chinese people are not to be trifled with.
Two instances of Petty Revenge. One at the gym, one on the road.
overcharge me for coffee? Thanks for the spoon
Oh, dear, you are in a bad mood and take it out on me? It's OK, I have the perfect pair of shoes for that.The radio has a (petty) mind of its own
don't even know if he owns a cat
Treat everything like shit, I'll treat you like shit.
We can't all be polite, folks.
Entitled &amp; Rude Customers
Girlfriend has a guy staying over for 2 weeks
Coworker hung a hot sauce packet from my ceiling. I put 1200 in his office.
Threats from India
Stop in your tracks while I'm right behind you, eh? Try THIS on for size.
Always tip the pizza guy
I got my revenge
Petty Revenge against my husband.
You wanted to scam me, now I'm going to rub it in your face!
Good luck getting your car out tomorrow you prick
Noisy computer?
Show off how rude you can be?
My couch, my rules.
So you want to park and block off my driveway?
The joys of the mute button.
Best ideas for revenge
You want things to be organized? Well, let me help!
Ignore us, and start driving off? We'll force you to pull over, and leave the doors open.
If you put a father in protective mode, you also put him in petty revenge mode.
Hope you enjoyed your chew gut
Use my email to set up a new account, Get trolled
Be rude to me? I won't be taking your cab then, and you'll have to lose your spot.
Bed Wars
Denied him a job
Revenge for an inconsiderate parking job.
Bad neighbor? Hope you like snow.
Parking too expensive, so take all my money!
Thief gets burned
Germ warfare on condescending teacher
Invade my practice spot at school? Get up staged
Cashier revenge
Cheat on me? Fine, no more mister nice guy!
recruitment revenge
Terrible Neighbors
If your company requires a guy yo buy you a drink, I'll pass.
Roo's Kitty Revenge (NSFW?)
Tailgating cops
This person's response sounded somewhat rude to me, so instead of saying, "very nice work!" I decided to omit the "very".
Park so close to me I can't get my kid in the car? I'll park closer.
Made myself feel better over my bitch supervisor.
The Hand Cream Thief
So sorry, ma'am. We're fresh out of Patti Platypus.
She applied for a job
Rude Bus Driver
So sorry, ma'am. We're fresh out of Patti Platypus.
Continuously jerk me around for a few weeks? Feel my wrath.
Road rage
Try and take my shoveled out parking spot? Think again
Have you ever tried to seek revenge on a cheating boyfriend/girlfriend/ex? How did you do it?
The Nook Thief
Sleepless Nights
Big car vs little car.
Being unfaithful can cost
Kid messes with my laundry
Keep on parking next to me... I got something for you and your pals.
"You should die"
Don't mess with me, your password is your first cat's name.
Cashier stories
Be a jerk in online chess. do not expect favors
Don't forget to tip your waitresses.
Mothers revenge
Hope you enjoy counting
Your horn is broken...
Thought I'd teach my friend a passive aggressive lesson
What is your single biggest 'FU'? At work or home.
The IRS messed up my taxes, my petty revenge has been delicious.
The stars aligned for this one, and its still makes me smile.
Play with the water while i'm in the shower ? Get rewarded with annoying noises.
Do you vomit at me madam? WELL ME TOO.
Rude customers
Holiday time parking lots
Pay your own damn toll
So sorry, ma'am. We're fresh out of Patti Platypus.
I'm getting some petty revenge on my coworkers by not really doing anything to begin with.
Rude cashier
Thanks for helping me donate to the Cancer Society!
Guy Took My Spot ... So I Put the Snow Back
gave the poor guy a little justice
Moving Out
'Guy Took My Spot' Revenge story. Not mine, found on boston.com
My petty revenge on a rude, unhelpful and thoroughly unpleasant colleague.
Please, enjoy your password changes.
Enjoy your ever changing passwords.
/r/pettyrevenge was the fastest growing non-default subreddit yesterday, beating out 595,517 other subreddits
So You Think It's Funny To Mess With My Computer Huh?
Steal our leftover pizza, will you?
Reserved parking
Parking Wars- I kept my cool
My mom is a monster
revenge of the washer fluid
A Lesson For the Tailgater.
Bitter Cake a chefs scorn
So, I used to work at a deli...
A tale of Squirt Guns and Revenge!
Rude old lady customer I got when I worked at walmart
The Ultimate Model UN RevengeCrazy high office manager
Smoking is bad enough, throwing the stuff everywhere is worse.
Iceing my neighbours path, it's a slippery slope
No Netflix for you
Don't be rude to desk attendants.
With a little help from my manager
Hot sauce roomate.
Grocery store "item limit" line
I may be slow but I'm in front of you.
Don't mess with the sick kid.
Sweet sweet revenge
Think you can spit on my parent's car?
Honk right back.
Reclining seat: the long game
Snowplow driver gets what is coming to him
Lemon Water
Maybe if you're nicer next time, I'll give you a heads up.
Oh you like riding my ...rear with high beams on?
Growl at me when I'm nice to you and you may not find your food as fulfilling for one week
Grandma taught high school kid a lesson
Traffic cone revenge!
Flying? Person in front of you reclining into your lap? Do what I do!
College roommate wouldn't stop playing guitar hero
I'm a cashier.
Fake finger nail women. (x-post from my askreddit comment)
Interrupt my studying with your music? Enjoy a taste of your own medicine.
Mind the speed limit, buttmunch.
Enjoy never having closure!
‘Guy Took My Spot ... So I Put the Snow Back’
Enjoy having no closure!
No more internet for the night
Someone took his parking spot - so he put the snow back
Old story from the dryers in dorm halls
A friendly wave to brigthen your day..
Strip the bed? No Valentine's chocolate for you!
Advice? Kinda wanna piss off this guy who used to work with me.
Good Old Petty Canadian Revenge
Trying to block out your kids while everyone has to hear them? Not in my 'Merica
If you abuse your server on Valentine's Day...
If you're a jerk, you'll get locked out.
Be a jerk, and you'll keep "forgetting" the code to the door lock.
World Of Warcraft D(i)K tries to kick me.
Enjoy waking up to cold wet clothes you inconsiderate douche nozzle.
Your department is highlighted in PINK! Ha!
Pull ahead of me while I'm typing in a code? Have fun waiting.
Subtly trolled my annoying roommates' V-Day pic
Throw a hissy fit and steal the car? Have fun getting in.
Ruin my illusion?
More Tales from Banking
4am on a Sunday night.
Hope the door hits ya where the good lord split ya!
I shamed a Christian today
Hope you like your ugly bouquet of flowers!
So sorry, ma'am. We're fresh out of Patti Platypus.
Try to mess up my register and leave your meat juices? No thanks, you keep it.
Ride my ass, I slow down
Crowd me at a haunted house, will you?
That'll learn ya
How to handle littering
Vindictive assistant manager.
Don't call the nuts
Friend plays Jazz music for me on my birthday. So I got him a gift :)
Don't lie to me, amigo
It's your problem!
Won't allow certain albums in your classroom ? Found a way around that...
Nobody hits my sister but me!
Flowers for me?
Sorry, ma'am. We're fresh out of Patti Platypus.
He's egotistical with absolutely no reason to be, so I'm showing him up.
I'm not in a rush to be anywhere now
Oh, sorry, ma'am. We're fresh out of Patty Platypus.
got revenge on daughter
Forget proper party etiquette? Enjoy your bronchitis
Won't go to bed? Enjoy your lukewarm drink.
Cancel My Shift, you go too far...
Petty revenge on my father
I have a bit of a temper and this may have been somewhat unjustified, but I think it depends on your opinion of asshole drivers.
Tow my car immediately after I park it? You get my small change
Stop using 15-20 sheets of TP per wipe, toilets clog! How do you not understand this?
Troll us on Twitter multiple times? Enjoy having your Social Media Privileges taken away!
Don't want to pick up your dog's shit? Fine.
First time someone threw a soda cup at me from their car.
Oh, sorry, ma'am. We're fresh out of Patti Platypus.
Back stab me twice? I'll deny you every time.
Yell in my ear? Have fun not watching anything!
Psychotic Neighbor Hates Dogs
Don't respect boundaries? You're not using my printer!
Ex-boss fired me on my first day of vacation, via facebook...
Don't like my paper? Fail the assignment then.
If you dump a soda in my car I will run over your junk food.
Be a picky bitch about the dryers? Enjoy your damp clothes.
Keep me awake at 2am, you drunken morons?
Be a picky bitch about the dryers? Enjoy your damp clothes.
Don't mess with retail workers who make your food.
Today is My brother's birthday
Try to kick us? Instant karma
Make fun of my religion? How about I tell you some truths about Santa :)
Hope you had fun with Chuckie
Took out the recycling while roommie was asleep
I ad an "ugly" $1 bill that I didn't know what to do with.Enjoy your urine imbued laundry!
This parking spot is a big deal.
If you give me an idea, I will follow through.
And that was the last we saw of him ...
You wanna be petty, I can play that game and follow the rules.
Good luck with your lecture!
Shoe Stalling
"lets trip the chubby girl as she turns the corner"
learn to spell or stop being an asshole.
Tell me we're going to do grocery shopping and then fall asleep? Feel my wrath!
Tea-ching the inlaws a lesson.
Close the door!
Stepped out of my comfort zone. Enacted petty, bitchy, somewhat-revenge on a now-ex-friend.
Keep sending me junk mail? Enjoy wasting time and money.
This is why we can't have nice things. Or snack time.
Loud as hell motorcycle at 5 AM. One solution.
My uncle's revenge against millionaire assholes
This is what happens when you throw out my empty beer bottles!
Oops, Nearly forgot
Bullying during Religious Education class? Go to hell.
A taste of your own ketchup
Never tailgate me on my ATV.
There are TWO lines! How do you manage to cross both of them?
Sorry dude... this is not [Insert Hookup Name]'s number... you've been stiffed.
I take no credit but the story is worth telling.
Cut me off 3 times?
Friend Wrote Fake /r/TIFU Submission For A Second Time; First One Was Successful, Second One Wasn't
The time I actually went through with a petty revenge
Golden revenge
Steal my poweraid? Have fun with the flu.
Not paying attention when you drive? I'll get your attention.
My co-worker sent me a bitchy email. Watch out guy.
I hate Dan-O
The Ultimate Scavenger Hunt For Cheaters!
Drive me out of my home? Have fun getting up at 5am
Don't honk at me.
Mother posted a video of me, won't remove it
You want to vilify me for taking care of myself? Have fun with a barren apartment.
Anyone wanna help me frustrate some Nigerian scammers?
So you're gonna cut me off? You better make sure I don't get in front of you
It's my netflix I pay for it!
Loudmouth Who Thought He Was a Smooth Talker ~ Avenged Petty &amp; Beyond
We do not all look alike
Campus assassins
I'll sue you!
How my ex gf screwed me over
They think I'm an idiot who works for free.. So I'm taking their new PC parts.
11 Man Revenge (X-post from /r/prorevenge)
Enjoy your milk
I taught a bratty girl I use to babysit for that I am a force not to be reckoned with
Don't want to empty the vacuum at the end of your shift? Alright..
You really pissed me off.
King for a Day!
Two Years Later, my Revenge Was Served VERY Cold.
Rude To Me? Reap The Whirlwind!
Take that, bitch.
Mess up my carefully arranged room? Have a boring hour.
Physics genius gets revenge on bullying prefect
Don't make fun of the less fortunate, jerk.
When customers give you $50 bill to pay for a $8 drink.
How I got a girl's Art Award revoked
How I got a girl's Art Award revoked
Never Piss Off a Patient Man [X-post /r/teenagers]
Screw driver, screw the driver
How I got revenge on the power hungry college student who wouldn't let me get my forgotten ID.
I asked you to do one thing!
Stealing roommate gets internet cut off.
Talk shit on me, no seat for you.
Leave your politics out of it.
no dollar for you.
A tale from the drive thru
My dog gets petty revenge.
Hope you don't need to go anywhere before 8:30am
"You're a jerk because you won't help me because I yelled at you"
Some guy threw a coffee mug at my car in traffic
Followup to glurg glurg spit hack! Added details and corrections.
Too much borrowing and not enough returning is a bad combination.
Hold your own door then.
I introduce myself politely, you suck your teeth and walk away. Game on.
Is this too far?
Sorry, is my music making it hard for you to be a stuck up bitch?
My sister-in-law, I dislike her, witty title, blah.
I can be a sneaky asshole too, you know.
Kill my sea monkeys? I hope you enjoy eating with a challenge
Think you can knock my wreath off?
Cars with blinding headlights
Petty elevator revenge
Save money on hauling coins around? Um, I don't think so.
Be a bunch of jerks, have fun re-doing your wiring!
An Odd Petty-Mind Revenge
Feel my wrath!
My Primary School-Level Revenge plan
So I enjoy it when the telemarketers call...
Honk at me? I guess you're not going to make the light.
Mother steals my possessions, hope you like smothering your lips in my vagina juice, bitch.
Font-Enthusiast teacher acts like an asshole, gets essays in comic sans.
Stop knocking
It's Walt-Mart, but come on...
A quick and painful one
Of course I can make you a key that works. Unless you are condescending and rude.Jackass
I said sorry. Have a nice night!
For not trusting me, I can be really petty
Going Postal....Well, petty postal
You're gonna have a hard time cleaning that fish tank...
Stranger snapped her fingers at me after asking for directions
The most annoying and pleasurable flight of my life.
My friends received my Glitter letter from shipyourenemiesglitter.com
Block me from turning left? guess i'll block you from turning right.
Rebellious Teenage daughter gets scared straight by the Cops.
Petty name-calling.
Make me have issues with my neighbors and our landlord? You can't come over again. Seriously, you can't come over.
Glurgg glurg spit choke hack!
Commercial revenge
Childhood petty revenge memory
To the young blonde woman with the white two door Scion who passed me on a double yellow today
You win a lifetime supply of SPAM for wasting my time you chode.
No drunk munchies for me? No breakfast for you.
The smallest flea can drive the biggest dog insane
Be ungrateful and act like a child? I just can't let it go.
Honk your horn to get me out of my parking spot faster? Let me just take a minute to post this on Reddit... I should probably post this on Facebook too.
Lock me in the laundry room, will you?
Be lazy and rude, and I'll subtly remind you of your fat ass, every single day.
Use my toothbrush? You'll have to wait an extra 35 minutes for dinner.
Slow and Steady
Oh, you're a self-centered condescending dick to everyone? Tell me more about how you want to mention my name to my boss in a job application.
Dealing with an unwanted roommate. Part 2
The Saga of Carlos, Part 2: It's gonna be hell
I do not forfeit my parking just because I live near a school
Borrow My Vest Without Asking? I'll Keep the Change.
Help me plot my revenge. I caught one of my roommates stealing from me but they don't know yet. How can I get the most joy out of busting them and letting the other roommates know we have a thief at the same time?
You should've just let me go.
Oh, you want to borrow my chair? No big deal...
Don't complain about my music when your music is loud and obnoxious.
A boss we called Insane Wayne.
Leave your prints at the printer? Have fun sorting through!
Roommates have been dicks for a month during my 30 day kicked out notice. Enjoy your pissy, milky clothes.
Every time I go through airport security
Want to be the neighborhood police and make sure all cars are off the road during a snowstorm while you park yours across my driveway? Enjoy your 4am wakeup calls.
Pizza For assholes.
A bully decides that picking on children younger than him was a good way to impress girls. I proved him wrong.
Cold-call me asking for money? Have fun trying to collect later on down the line.
You like my parking spot? Ok then, you can have it till spring.
Stupid dog thieves get owned by owners.
my roommates suck
Petty revenge: Bridal shower edition
Petty revenge on future mother-in-law
Got my family's bike stolen, stole it Back!
A Case of Wetty Revenge
Riffraff Revenge
After a blizzard in Chicago, don't steal parking spots!
So I'm finally good enough to help you?
Little sister was being kind of a ass to me while I slept, so I got her a little wet.
Petty Revenge at School
Keeping track of my bosses mistakes. Is this a bad idea?
Candy Crush Revenge
Ruin my middle school career? Thanks for the snacks. (Several people told me to post here)
A lovely story of the trash getting taken out.
The stairs aren't for hanging out, now go bleach your eyes.
click.. being petty feels so good
Don't laugh at me
Petty Office Revenge
The times they are a changin
Try and use small print to fool customers? I'll use it to fool you, internet and cable provider!
[REQUEST] Help me get petty revenge on my roommate please.
Send glitter to your enemies for just 5 bucks instead of 9.99 and have it shipped in less than a day!
Don't wake your flatmates up at 4 in the morning
Until I find better payback, this will do for my asshole flatmates.
Got asshole manager fired
Jehovah's Witnesses disturb my glorious Saturday slumber
Victim of Petty Revenge
Don't let me use an unopened pair of earphones for college? You'll wait extra long for your delivery to arrive.
Want to use the argument tactics of a small child? Prepare to face your own tactics aided by technology.
He who controls the router controls the world
Shhhccchhhhhhrrrtttt! Disrespect the whole class? We 'll see about that.
Trash my apartment? Enjoy not using your gift cards.
Carpark road rager gets what he had coming for him.
Don't Even Sign My Name Huh? Let's See you do That Whole Project Over Again.
Keep Bowling me Over in a Touch Football game
Anal sex on MY couch? Enjoy setting the mood with
The Saga of Carlos, Part 1: Something's fishy...
Sew that, bitch.
Squeamish asshole gets a surprise in the mail.
Sometimes revenge is just doing to you what you did to me.
Don't want to clean the kitchen? Fine, clean your stairs instead.
Disrespect my mother? I'll avenge her, pettily!
Getting even with the graduate teaching assistants after they regularly teased me.
Use me as a middleman?
Huff and puff away...
Steal my printouts? You'll never print anything again. (Until the Technician lets you)
Annoying asshole kid in go-cart gets finally what's coming....
Revenge is a dish best served cold...and on a paper place
Sibling Rivalry: The Long-Awaited Revenge
Dealing with an unwanted roommate
Lady is rude on bus, has to wait a long time at the post office.
I had a shitty bus driver today...
No Cookies For You
Want to annoy me with your group texts? I've got one of my own.
Maybe it's the next right. Or the next one. Or the next one.
Islanders take revenge on evil restaurant in SavannahHit on my girlfriend? Give me sugary treats motherfucker.
Kentucky Fried Revenge
Did I get pettyrevenged?
I'm constantly confronted by horrible parking jobs that are selfish and make my life more difficult
Enjoy your cold shower!
My front step is not a fire hydrant.
Need suggestions on how to deal with some dog owners not cleaning up their animals waste right next to the doggie poop bucket.
Shit on my family, you'll smell that shit firsthand
Don't you dare look through the slit in the stall at me
i used to work at a body shop
You were totally home!
Door ding me? Enjoy your airy vehicle
You take my chair...
Impatient drivers WILL be made to wait!
Crappy producer steals my car. Oops, 'your' car doesn't look so good.
Revenge ideas for the person who left a note on my parked car after hitting it, spitting on the windshield, and then breaking into it and stealing stuff?
Oh you wanna come home and be loud at 445 am and wake up your sick roommate? I've got a petty revenge for that.
You bitch about waiting, you bet you're gonna wait even longer!
It's 2:30 in the morning, and you want WHAT?
Park too close to me...
The people you pass on the way up.
Try to intimidate me into taking off your late fees? Have a nice day.
Sorry for your 'handicap'
Playing my favorite game on the interstate
If I hold the door open for you, don't disrespect me...
Delay my caffeine?!?!
You're mean. I'm going to assault you nasally and mentally. (NSFW just in case)
Petty revenge by doing nothing
I ate YOUR chocolate?
Oh, you're still too busy to take out the trash?
Complain you have no food.
I'm a valet and this guy just got on my last nerve
Sure, have my seat.
Petty Revenge Idea Requests
Paranoid much?
Don't touch my side of the sink.
Spread some more rumors why don't ya?
Almost hit me with your care due to your cellphone use? FEEL MY WRATH?
Overnight Express Mice
Mickey Mouse Overnight Air Shipping
Enjoy six months of "inexplicable" internet outages.
Disowned by my best friend, left feeling like shit? Yea well enjoy finishing the last season of Prison Break... Oh wait.
Guy parks right past the parking stall line. Time to go basic petty.
Chew your gum loudly? Enjoy the vibrations...
Don't fuck over a guy that can do something about your pay
Video Game Turds
Petty revenge on a cheating cabbie.
Acknowledge those who show you kindness, karma's a bitch when angered.
Make me lose my money? I'll get my petty revenge.
You make us move our tents, we make your feet dirty
Training a new ski lift operator who thinks he's the best thing that's ever happened to the industry but left out one crucial detail.
Segways are for assholes and petty revenge.
Drunk and lonely is calling again
ruined all the fun, every day, as my revenge
Don't you know that the closer you get to my car, the dirtier my windshield gets?
Constant and repeated petty revenge
I cupped my fart in my hand and threw it in my cat's face. Definitely woke him up.
This was my dad's petty revenge against an allergy faker.
"School Spirit"
Act entitled and wake me up? cya kid
Revenge on Lazy Servers
Neighbor bullied me, got my revenge
[Meta] DAE hate the awkward question-and-answer format of most titles on this sub?
Shoot at me will ya?....I have guns too dickhead.
Don't write "Wash Me" and attempt to draw a penis on my car.
Would you like a decaf?
Oh you think your “OLD” computer is slow and you Demand a FAST computer… fine then; Long Winded
Don't prank call or harass me.
You pee on me, I pee on you!
Be bitch to me? I'll take your parking spot
Wake me up, fart in my bedroom, and drink a bottle of wine I was saving? Enjoy your 500 mile Dutch Oven.
Help me with a little petty revenge
"It's not that serious."
Wasting my time is a "shitty" thing to do.
You mow once a week, my kids play every day.
Endless questions.
Violate the lease and I'll give you a taste of your own medicine.
Verbal abuse = ice cold shower.
Don't sit at my coffee table...
Who Cares if I'm your girlfriends friend get over it.
No trashcan for you!
Like my brights, bitch?
Roommate won't have his breakfast today
Worst movers EVER
His psycho ex gf asked me where he was
Will you be QUIET!
What is something petty that you do, that gives you (great) satisfaction?
I just got a request via Skype - I'm wondering if I should have some fun.
Rip into me because you don't like the way I take notes? Well I hope you like obscure differential calculus notations.
Don't give me rice that I don't want.
Bag hider
Do unto others...
Leave your hair everywhere?! I think not...
Bruce Willis dies at the end.
If you want to drive a bigass truck, learn to park adequately
Tired of bad music. Help me with my revenge!
My Craigslist buy win
Fuck. Your. Fern.
Him: "Go Fuck Yourself, I'll smoke where I want." Me: "I'm sure you do...."
When insults go wrong"Tailgate me during my morning commute? Enjoy your speeding ticket"
Want to be a douchebag first thing in the morning? Enjoy being late for work and a ticket
Sanity is a relative term anyways
It's so cold in that room??
White House Drops 'News' from Fox News Placeholders at State of the Union Lunch (X-Post /r/video)
Rude people pay full price for their pizzas
Enjoy your pizzas,
Don't accept my promise to make the best effort given circumstances? Then enjoy deploying the extra weight along with the 80lb printer when I over deliver.
You want me to get a doctors note for a common cold? Fine, enjoy scheduling your weekend.
My uncle's (indirect) driving revenge
Be patient for parking spaces
Guess you'll have to hold it...
You get the cold shoulder!
Colleague used all my staples whilst I was away.
Want some gum?
I don't know what to say...
"I am very smart" girl fails first test of the semester.
Give me a ticket, and you'll hit my car
Never trust someone you've pissed off with your electronics...
I'm not the "right type"? How about now?
This literally just happened 5 minutes ago, I'm still laughing my ass off!
Make me print a 30 page syllabus? No tech help for you!
Be rude and then make me mess up my clean slicer?
Flatulence
Hope you enjoy luke warm coffee!
You should look in the mirror you're scarier than any of these pictures.
To the judgement of the gods.
You want to burn bridges over petty money? I'll make sure the whole town knows.
Your bag, however nice, does not require its own seat on the bus.
I hope you enjoy warm Diet Coke, fatty.
Disruptively talk in the library for an hour? Flush my toilet.
I am the law.
So you won't stop the bus at my stop?
Good morning! News is ready!
Don't flash your brights at me when there's a cop right behind you...
Laugh at me and expect my help? Mmm... no.
Scramble everyone's shit? Good luck with those neck cramps
My FWB ate all my Greek yoghurt
Mouse problems? I can't imagine why.
Dog slobber seal
Got my cash? That will be the last money you get for a while
You ignore me? I'll ignore you.
Blind me with the sun? You will suffer too...
Is it hot enough for you? Backfired!
Enjoy your cold shower
Don't want to take your stuff after you move out? I'll dispose of it for you...
Text your ex and lie about it?
You can keep you're crusty paper towels dude.
Need direction
my popular post to /r/pettyrevenge was removed without explanation, so I sent a polite message to the sub mods.
lie to me about needing my phone number to process a credit card refund?
Please re-take your driver's education course, for the good of everyone around you
Revenge is a dish best served minty and with a tooth whitening agent!
I hope you're in a rush
Settling the score with Chase bank
Move Bitches
Frat house shenanigans...
You keep getting fatter, while I'm shrinking.
Like to ignore me? Then try ignoring this
If you want to drive dangerously...
'DID YOU SAY SOMETHING?' aka Using Google to rek my bratty cousin.
My Fiancee didn't help with the laundry today
So you love taking Snapchat selfies in the movie theater?
Just pay your tab
That's what you get for shoplifting kiddo.
Glitter to your Enemies
enjoy trying to eat my food? ill make you confused as hell for 15 minutes
How can I get revenge on a former flatmate?
Undertaken on a road
Think you can get away with snubbing me just because you're a cat? NO DICE.
Angry Boston commuter confronts road blocking protesters...
A redditor comments "It's not harmful when people make fun of white people, so why would it be harmful to make fun of blacks?" I called him a dumbass and he's stalking my history, so I'm posting the interaction for your viewing pleasure.
Mail A Glitter Bomb!
Think you're too busy to take out the trash?
Helping a "friend" fix his computer
Josh Lowes, "stylemotlf" on Reddit, is a lowlife scumbag
Being positive is the best way to deal with negative people.
Keep taking my lunch even though I've told you to stop? Enjoy Sugar-Free Gummis
Have fun waiting at the light.
Window paint revenge for idiot, dribbling roommate
No Free Money for Land Lady
Busted you lazy shit
If you're an illegal immigrant, you probably shouldn't be a dick
I got tired of trolls who are rude to me on Reddit.
So I Googled that car dealership that gave the pizza guy a hard time:
So I Googled that car dealership that gave the pizza guy a hard time. https://www.google.com/search?q=F%26R+Auto+Sales+Inc%2C+1052+State+Road%2C+Westport%2C+MA&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;oe=utf-8
Hide and seek turns ugly for my sister's stomach
Use the dryer you share with three other roommates as your dresser for weeks? At least don't be a dick about it.
No More Games For You.
Hog all the hot water? Enjoy your goosebumps.
One good scare deserves another.
Granny's request puts tech in place
We just wanted to play basketball
So you want to bang tennis balls and scream by my window at 7AM? Rock on...
Petty gas pump revenge
How my aunt got revenge with a crossing and a crutch
I made my friend (who bullied me all of the time) cry because of a prank I pulled involving a girl he had a crush on.
Printer toners - the most annoying thing I can be asked to replace...
Slow the hell down!
Tail gate the drivers ed car???Just some good old fashioned teenage girl petty revenge.
Were not going to church.
When petty revenge backfires: The car dealership vs. pizza guy.
Revenge Help!!
brother doesn't do shit around the house
Drive me out of my own apartment? Sucks for your furniture...
One of the many reasons Iphones suck.
Neighbor doesn't know how to NOT double park and block someones driveway.
(UPDATE)/You have a garage and 2 other places where you can park, why do you have to be a dick?
Unintentional Petty Revenge
Well now you know how it feels, asshole
What, you don't lift dick for a living?
Petty Revenge from the Movie store
So you don't tell me how to do certain things in games?
I'm banned from r/cosplay.
Disrupt my CPD? Good luck printing today
Hope you like your slurpee.
Former co-worker revenge
Jerk me around on the property sale and start insisting on the most inane items to convey with the sale? Watch me follow the contract exactly!
Tommy wasn't a friend of mine
My friend is a parking attendant
My friend works as a parking attendant
Need a way to enact your revenge? Try sending your enemy an envelope stuffed with glitter... (xpost/Internetisbeautiful)
Wanted the better mouse? Here have it!
Threaten me into doing your final year project? Enjoy that fail.
Oh sorry, do you need to be somewhere?
Don't nick my fucking chips.
I don't do training.
I froze the outdoor trashcan lid shut
Drive like a maniac? Enjoy the pavement.
Act entitled? Open your own fucking doors, hobbles.
Point out that I'm not working will you...
Be a jerk to me? Crushed groceries for you!
High school janitor gets some petty revenge.
Make our lives hell? Enjoy shoveling ice!
Enjoy your soggy groceries, you thieving bitch
Screw me out of my reward? Okay, handle this yourself.
Say goodbye to your avocados, jerk.
Oh look who's going out of business now?
Loud neighbor?
Dick is a Dick.
Roommate never pays me back for take-away food.
"Have a nice day, sir. "
Player drives recklessly in a ranked iRacing race, gets DQ'd before the finish.
Bathroom revenge
Accidental revenge, boy snatches my seat on train, don't get to socialise.
Out of the blue I remembered a teacher I had in high school who was a complete ass. I looked him and one of those "rate my teacher" sites came up first, so I just destroyed him and rated him a 1. Victory.
Two-way petty revenge - toxic roommate situation.
Pass me on the right? Enjoy a brief moment of fear.
Room mate that refused to empty the bins? Time for a treasure hunt.
Bully on the outdoor rink gets what he deserves
Gross roommate gets taste of her own medicine
Revenge is a dish best served cold with a side of caviar.
Sweet parking revenge
10 years ago in high school: Bought my friends an xbox 360 in agreement that they would pay it off monthly.
Leave dogpoo on the stairs? Enjoy your dogpoo welcome mat.
ASSHOLE SUCKER
Hog machines for 12 hours? Fine then, redo your laundry.
Trash for a Trashy Customer
Don't bite the hand that feeds
Dad drives us crazy with his loud commercials and he's earned some petty revenge.
My fiance' said that my actions and opinions are very "socialist"...
Its just plain noisy.
Grandpa's revenge: Why doesn’t my Chevy Nova get 30 MPG anymore?!
Revenge over salmon
Rude to me in the drive-thru?
Best Friend's Revenge
Just found this sub... Drunk as fuck. Got back at my older asshole brother this Christmas.
Don't listen to me? I'll psychologically mess you up in the head.
I Can Understand Why People Go Nuts
Dont you know? They got rid of child labor laws!
Cause drama and try to ruin my reputation on Facebook? Now everyone knows your secret.
Birthday revenge!
Got an Iphone? Have fun with your Eat my Panties autocorrect!
[Flashback Revenge] 8 year old me enjoying some petty revenge.
Ruin my Friday? Enjoy your weekend in the USA.
Get me a backhanded passive agressive Christmas present, hope you enjoy not watching Netflix any time soon
Is this too petty?
"Where u at man??"
"The best revenge is living well"
Job search petty revenge
Oh, you're too busy to take out the trash?
I got child support out of my ex-husband via Facebook
Put your cell on speakerphone in public? Enjoy my noisy children.
Break my licence plate off and don't tell me, then deal with me blocking your gas pump until it's fixed.
Damn right it stopped.
I was rejected from a job this morning. I replied thanking the recruiter for considering me, calling him 'John' instead of 'Jon'.
can't you just love me for me?
Don't sleep with louses.
Lack of finesse in dealing with serial prank calling
Steal our tap and leave your mark? Enjoy your hot and stinky Justice.
It's just a damn chair.
Pizza shop sure showed me!
I just wanted some clams!
Don't treat me like a child.
You people don't own the whole restaurant, so here's something special for you.
Cut me off on the sidewalk? Enjoy having an extra stop on the elevator before your floor.
Park in the entrance of a car park? Have fun getting into your car.
Was This Your Only Copy?
Steal shit from my store, get a penny back.Be a bad pedestrian and shoot me some attitude? Maybe once.
You'll go hungry.
I don't always follow the speed limit...
Honk at me to hurry up? Enjoy your burned retinas.
How Fabio ruined a relationship
Accuse me of eating your cashews all the time? Say goodbye to those cashews.
Blindly step in front of my car? Empty your pockets, asshole.
Cashier revenge.
Rude man gets his just desserts
My science teacher always ignores me when I ask questions...
Maybe you should have walked your shopping cart over the extra four feet.
Don't be a dick if you work nights
"You can leave a penny but you can't take a penny"
Roommate creatively hides his use of my coffee and creamer
Roommate likes to use my coffee and creamer
Don't bump me.
Accidental PettyRevenge
To the judge who gave me my first ticket.
Piss on my floor will you...
Impatient right turn lady revenge
Lock me out of my own Netflix account?!
Flirty Female Fails At Fashion - Revenge for wasting company time and deliberately trash talking to customers on the phone
Hope you enjoy cat food.
I asked a rich, privileged white lady if she worked at the grocery store.
r/misleadingthumbnails
Have fun shoveling
"Looks like we need mom here to show daddy how it's done"
"Looks like we need mom here to show daddy how it's done."
I can't hear you!
Extremely petty pettyrevenge tale
Roommate Revenge
She pooped on my bed? I locked her in the laundry room.
Petty Revenge • A fat coke story
Douche truck cuts in the drivethrough line
Don't put me on double fire watch.
Pitiful customer service
You cut me off, I make you miss the on-ramp onto the highway
Annoying college roommate need to understand the concept of silence and mutual respect.
This is what you get for prank calling me.
Treat my friends and I like shit, you're going to have a sticky sleep tonight...
Trying to cut the line so I will serve you quicker? I don't think so.
Petty revenge at the gas station
10 years later you get less bacon.
have fun spending your allowance money on condoms!
Justice for a cheating girlfriend
Justice for a cheating girlfriend
Is enslaving someone for revenge going too far to qualify as "petty". Well, that's what I did, and I'm glad.
I was a monster in the 2nd grade...
Do your fucking job next time.
Retail petty revenge
You puke on the floor, no food for you.
I think the thermostat is broken.
Advice sought for dealing with neighborhood meth cook
Kid stole my son's jacket, but we got the last laugh
Be nice to air stewardesses
My crappy Revenge
Nothing too fancy, caught a lunch thief.
Enjoy the PokeBalls
My grandpa's teacher was full of shit, so...
Did you forget something?
The downside of living in an apartment complex...
Blink, blink, blink
One bird, two petty revenge stones
Don't Be A Dick On Vacation.
Pizza Delivery Revenge!
When people leave the cart blocking the aisle to walk away to get something.
Lame reddit revenge
Gasoline, please
The Battle of the Fridge (The Start of the Dinner War)
Bottoms up, motherfucker!
The cold never bothered me anyway.
Barista's revenge!
9 Houses Built Just for Petty Spite
Don't yell at the person at the pizza place.
Roommate won't take out garbage? How about I show you the number one reason why you should.. Wall O' Text
Back when I worked in fast food...
No bacon for you.
My boyfriend's son is a picky eater.....
Little kid terrorizes me so I terrorize his face
air freshener with penis
The disadvantages of using someone else's Netflix
Old "best friend" made me feel worth less than I am; I destroyed his reputation and demolished his dignity over the next decade.
Just another story about dishes
Cleaning the Hoover
Ex-lax coffee-mate
Grandpa’s saran-wrapped surprise sandwich
Bitch at work just got hers. Revenge is truly sweet.
Learn to park, or we will, er, show you how to
As I pulled into my Grocery Market parking lot, I see this entitled ass. OC http://i3.minus.com/ibw1tiB5oB14rg.jpg
More parking lot petty revenge
Sweet cold revenge.
Don't Fuck with my Laundry
Drive Thru Revenge
Stop taking your non-successful relationship with your SO out on others
When you work at a grocery store, you get a lot of annoying customers.
Just making the lines clear.
You call me bitch? I pop your ...
Don't mess with my laundry
Don't anger the person who gives you free cable
Now that the year is almost over... a tale of apples.Don't. Touch. My. Ice Cream. [Warning - LONG]
Variety is the spice of life.
Trying to scam me, all for nothing
I was fed up with the "service" from one of the few options for internet service so we canceled our account. They wanted me to return the router(that we never ordered)
Make me wait so you can save money? You get to lose money
Turn down your music.
Pants are optional. My wrath is not.
Another (very petty) toilet paper revenge
"Learn to park jackass!"
Today I got revenge on a rude staff member at a roller rink.
Channeled Inner Cosmo Kramer to Get Revenge on Contractor
When a towing company decided to be cheeky.
A childhood story from 4th Grade
Revenge several decades later
I ruined a middle school kid's lunch before he can eat it for being a prick.
Don't ever disrupt my love for Tolkien.
When a kid shoved a chip bag out the car window, my mom exacted revenge.
People abandoned carts in the parking lot? Well, we can't have that happen, now can we?
You're not going to play fair? Sucks for you.
Never, ever, mess with the chef...
DMV pettiness
Enjoy the engine knock
Don't throw garbage at me, you prick.
Roommate wont stop using my mouthwash.
Flashing lights like crazy doesn't make me go faster
Working the drive-through.
Parking Payback
Treat me like shit and I will truly inconvenience you
Cake day and petty revenge.
Park in my spot, wake up to a not-so-Merry-Christmas.
Friend being bullied/trolled on twitter. How can I get revenge and teach the troll a lesson?
Get shitty with me over the phone? You're going to be waiting a while for that software..
Don't fuck with the smart girl in shop class
So you park too close to my car?
Just got out of my car with my family when a woman threw a juice box on the floor...
Ms Grinch Heroically Ruins Christmas
I'm annoyed at my roommate over a stupid comment
Home for the holidays.
One upping a petty revenge attempt at work.
[NSFW] Roommate and random girl eat my food and drink my rum. He gets Sealed at an inopportune time.
Take my Parents With Prams parking eh?
Mom diagnosed with advanced cancer, Boss tells me to suck it up
I hope you feel stupid, Asshole.
After 3 years I finally fought back. Oh so SWEET!!!
Don't you dare wake me up with your drunken karaoke.
Cut in front of me? Fuck you.
My friend's driving revenge
Christmas Present Revenge
[XPost from TIFU, not mine] OPs neighbors dog shits in his yard, OP takes action.
I'm giving a craigslist thief the run around
Your face will be forever unclean.
Shitty neighbour won't turn his music down, we can feel it through our furniture. Think I've solved it today!
Flashing lights revenge
Grew up in foster care... Book Review Revenge.
Roommate goes on epic WoW binge, won't shower, so I take action
Cut me in line? That's okay...
Girlfriend thinks I'm overreacting when I get grossed out by all her loose hair after a shower or on the sink after she gets ready for work. Lets see her keep her cool after a few days of this overly petty master plan of mine.
But who was the victor...?
Scathing review on my mothers book.
Revenge a dish best served ...
My ex is gaining weight while I'm losing weight.
Don't brag about what you aren't
What do you get the boss that has everything?
When idiots assume (that I don't have a handicapped tag)
Pissed off customer at Starbucks
I'll Turn When I Like, Thank You
Cut me off and make me slow down? Right back at ya.
Brother nut-taps me. I was eating bacon. Looked him dead in his soul. Ran into his room and grabbed his xbox controller with bacon hands.
SO's crazy ex-girlfriend harasses me at my work, but everyone loves me at hers.
[ADVICE] My brother is a dick and I want to get back at him
A while ago, one of my friends was being a dick...
Huh, I guess bass really does carry doesn't it.
Kinda petty revenge, I thought it was more passive-aggressive revenge, but my husband says 'yeah, it's pretty petty'
Enjoy the glitter
Christmas Lights Revenge
Wake me up at 3 am cleaning. I hope you sleep cozily.
What I got my Whore Sister in Law for Christmas...
My Childhood Bully Accidentally Shot Himself So I Crucified His Identity On Google+. God Answered My Prayers :)
Last minute Christmas revenge
You got a little something on your J's
Make me wait? I'll make you wait.
You have a garage and 2 other places where you can park, why do you have to be a dick?
We wait for cross walks around here. With a bartender assist.
Make a snide comment about me, have fun getting no quite time this Christmas!
Old-School (literally) Petty Revenge
I hate Christmas.
X-Post from r/mildlyinfuriating: Beware Ye Spammers!
Blankie revenge
Here's an early petty Christmas present from yours truly
Drove it like a meth head in a rental
Drive behind me with high beams. Let me waste your time.
I made people come into the office today and they get Petty Revenge on me for Reddit Secret Santa
You do know my name, don't you?
Can't be bothered to get out and knock a door, fine enjoy my air horn.
Roommate was being a dick...
Gonna be a dick? Have some dick pics.
There were no real winners in this annual Yuletide revenge
Waking me up with your carelessness is a great way to earn my pettiness
Refuse to pay for internet because I use it for work? Hope you enjoy your dial up speeds
Be an asshole to me? Fine enjoy cleaning and plugging in your xbox.Drives like an asshole in the middle of Christmas shopping traffic? Enjoying driving the extra distance to get to where you need to go
Merry Christmas, cousin!
Pettiest revenge yet.
Locker switch = girlfight!
Wake me up 45 minutes early and then rush me, will you?!
Christmas Joy
Eat my hot sauce? Burn your ass!
Awful lady claims she cannot lift groceries after I bag them
Short story of a bully chasing me around the playground of elementary school.
Beat my friend up, I'll piss in your shoe. (x-post from r/TIFU)
Ooops I spilled my coffee
Lunatic driver gets on the receiving end of my sweet, petty revenge...
The pleasure is all mine..
Don't want to troubleshoot and want to put it all on me like it's my personal problem
Don't leave me in the office on my own.
Being rude? Enjoy maggots
Revenge on channel-surfing Dad
"It pisses me [21] off, so I talk condescendingly to you [50]"
Petty revenge of Marshawn Lynch of the NFL after begin fined for not talking to the media...
Told my mate he has an STD after he cheated on his girlfriend.
UPDATE: Take my car? I hope your ear drums bleed
You asked for it.
Run a stop sign, wait on your food
Don't fuck with me.
Your shit stinks too, mother-in-law
He parked so that nobody could use the very limited space that was left. I left a "message"
Threefold revenge for a crappy meal.
Eat all my pasta? Take this.
Wake me up regularly? No sex for you.
So you want to snap at me for handing you your money?
How do I get revenge if I only have the person's phone number?
Dorm laundry issues
Take my car? I hope your ear drums bleed.
Late to work AGAIN? I'll fart on your desk.
Revenge on an asshole boss.
Easiest revenge on douchey rich guy
Bet your mouth is clean now, asshat.
The neighbours like to party hard at 3 AM
Please, have a seat!
Highschool bullies
Wherein my friend finds a racist homophobe's iPhone and actually returns it. With a surprise.
That's not legal, so this isn't nice.
New guy at work is a useless waste of time. So fuck him.
Why yes I can put an end to your flirting!
So someone parked their car directly in front of a nightclubs fire escape.
Make me wait just to be mean? Have a little scare.
You deserve it
Teamwork ftw
I put the aggressive in passive aggressive
My Boyfriends is a asshole! Help me get even? xo
Sweet biological warfare
The Elderly Avenger
Shower Wars
Rabbit got his just dessert, except he didn't.
"Radiohead put it best: You do it to yourself, be-dow-dow, and that's what really hurts."
You want to throw a fit over some pennies? They're mine now.
Rude lady wants a PC fix (Spyware) before she goes home.
You more than earned being cockblocked.
Block us from continuing? Enjoy your wait.
They changed the underground routes
Have fun with that minor inconvenience
Pet Revenge
I can't wait till I'm old enough to give no shits
Remember that candy bar I bought you?
Two of my employees put zero thought into my Christmas gift.
Here's your food.....
You want to be an asshole? I can be an asshole.
Revenge on a coworker.
In which I get revenge on a blind woman.
Literal petty revenge on my overbearing mother.
Excuse me, I need to pee.
Can't let my fiancée take some work home so she can go to the dentist, pay someone to fix your simple computer problem.
Fiancee's boss won't let her take some work home one night to make up time to go to a MUCH cheaper dentist, you can pay an it tech to fix your computer.
[X-Post from /r/TIFU] The Fart Smelt Round the World
Noise complaint..
A company tried to scam me, now their reps have to hear my horrible story!
Bang on MY walls will ya?!
No Doctor Who for you!
Want some loud music?
Getting (somewhat) even on cheating husband &amp; twin sister
Hey, it's Latrell Again, working the Christmas Recital again.
Petty Karma
Dumb Beyach in a Pathfinder...
You shall not pass!
Don't like your Christmas present, Boss? Don't expect me to buy your wife one with the refund money, then.
Short but great revenge story...
Pharmacy revenge
How to get revenge on landlord?
Parking lot at Christmas time
Before it gets you in trouble, you know that feature isn't private now.
Don't want to move the trashcan? Enjoy wet feet.
Don't blame me for not changing the toilet paper
Enjoy your second-rate pillow.
Sweet, sweet, revenge, 10 years later.
Some dude blocked my driveway, fuck that guy
The right tool for the job.
Always pay your debts
Rude customer karma
Should've let me in
Totally fucked with my roommate's mind to teach him a simple lessonHigh school revenge and Karma's seal of approval.
Cheating on exam? Fuck you.
Bid on something I "found" first?
An international student's wrath
It's not always about you
High school revenge, and Karma's seal of approval
I fucked your ex after you fucked the guy I liked :)
Petty Parking Practices
Screw me out of money? Screw you out of power!
Wanna call the cops for no reason, i will blare heavy metal for 4 hours
You didn't want your clothes ruined? Maybe you shouldn't be using other people's laundry detergent.
Eat my food, see what happens
Sociopath kisses my friends girlfriend. Need advice.
Make my coworker cry? I'll show you we're not all as stupid as you think!
Have fun with a non fluffy towel
Relaxing Music Petty Revenge
If you're going to make the workplace hellish, I'll gladly contribute.
You wanted me to get you a job, then blow me off? Okay!
We Watched The Show
Revenge is a dish best served with extra butter.
You leave trash behind? Okay - I can mail you that and dispose of your personal momentos.
Coat Revenge
There ain't no such thing as a free candy bar.
Rip me off for $150, enjoy driving 2 hours....
I will guilt you into shutting the hell up.
Enjoy your overpriced (unneeded) fix
You cut me in line, I make it impossible to order!
Master of the WiFi
Tailgate me and blow your horn? I got a sign for that
FedEx tries to cheap out. Petty Revenge prevails.
Come into my meeting and eat our food? This time we're ready for you.
Coffee cup cleaned with fish bowl water!
Rainy day revenge
Lady acts like the centre of the universe, and is has just petty revenged visited upon her!
Help me get revenge.
Itching powder is powerfull stuff.
I didn't get my bread, and so I'll make your evening crumb-y.
Don't wanna clean up your dog's shit?
Comcast Junk Mail
Office lunch etiquette
If you treat me badly, I will give you a dirty spoon.
Sorry, you have to walk back
Good luck watching Netflix during the break
Teamwork Petty Revenge
Toilet seat snobbery
Shitty roommate gets sick? Must be the dorm food.
Go on a long vacation without me? I hope you like mustard!
So petty. Felt so good
Hope you like our new doormat!
Update: Won't clean up ever? Then I'll stop.
This is so petty, I'm almost embarrassed to admit I do it
Want to share your smells with me? I'll make sure everyone smells you.
Enjoy the mess
Senior year is stressful
Tramps don't get video games: How my self-serving thief sister got served.
Revenge on a "celebrity"
Signing up on website
Break your roommate agreement and then demand your deposit back? Enjoy some dirty drain water.
[UPDATE] Steal my phone? I'll ruin your reputation.
Try to scam the IT guy. Go ahead, try me.
Petty Revenge at the Airport
Petty revenge 40 years in the making.
You just don't steal another man's chicken nuggets.
My revenge with certain animal owners
Petty act towards a content stealing redditor
Revenge on candy stealing client
Take a cup from behind the counter? Get charged twice.
Baristas don't like cutters
My cousin's tale of "Oh, you want to complain? I'll give you something to complain about!"
Waste our time while somebody else needs an ambulance? Enjoy your wet socks for the rest of the night.
How to get my revenge
Mustard Bomb
Be snotty about how I do my part? More sawdust for you.
Passive Aggressive hosteler pays 1000% jerk tax on food.
Stop slapping me.
Revenge? Oh, I harassed you huh?
Ignore me and I ignore the small bills in my wallet.
I write 'horribly' you say...
Revenge is Ice Cream
Internship evaluation 55/90? Excuse me?
Crazy Dog
(Update) I let him pee on it
Taste of Death
Sriracha revenge, NSFW
Start with politics and we'll end it with lasagna
UPS stands for Useless Parcel Service
Don't be that vegan
Getting really tired of your shit
You come into my store two day a week just to be a dick? Play ball bitch
Guy wants to pull a fast one on me and merge before I do.
Don't want me as a customer? Good luck getting past spam filters...
Yeah you didn't see that coming
Dealing with my stingy roommate maturely didn't work, so I'm left with just one other option...
Constantly disrupt the entire class? Enjoy my fly-by farts.
Be unnecessarily rude? Enjoy soggy old fries
I got four strangers asses rubbed on my shoulder because of you.
Petty revenge on my stingy roommate
Won't clean up ever? Then I'll stop.
Don't leave me the laundry card? Then do your own underwear!
Good luck getting your bag back from TSAenjoy the work shutdown
Don't invite me out with the rest of the department? Fine. I'll crush your holiday at work.
Be a shitty person to my wife, sit in a shit cloud.
Had my first ever walk-out Friday night. Got my revenge tonight. (x-post /r/talesfromyourserver)
Don't want to let me merge? Then I'm sure you won't mind me making your journey quite a bit longer
Last night, this guy was playing music at 1am in a hostel dormitory.
A Seventh Grade Bully
Rush me and i'll make you stay on the load screen for a long time
$5 Black Friday Revenge at Walmart
Photographer Has Identity Stolen, Gets Her Revenge with a Covert Photo Project
Nudge me with your trolly will you...
LAME! I hate vote-bots. I hate cheaters.
Late Bloomer Finally Gets Chance To Smack Down Bully From Middle School, And Does It Brilliantly
I killed my brother to get my tablet back. (x-post from r/self)
Reddit, I need help!
Don't high beam and tailgate me &gt;:[
A very impractical, and petty, way of making a thief soil themselves.
Don't come to bed with me? Fine.
Christmas Card drama will ensue because of my petty revenge.
Don't move your bag? Foot water.
A friend always eats the food in my apartment...
Revenge Quitting: Like Rage Quitting, Only More Petty
My roommate doesn't enjoy doing dishes while i'm gone part deux
If you're a crying baby in the "quiet" section of a library, I'm not going to make silly faces at you.
Rev your engine at me because I dare wait for the bus to pull out at a massive roundabout?
Want to play a game? Self checkout revenge.
2 part hair petty revenge
I'm a comedian. This is advice for the Open Mic-er who tried to pass off one of my jokes as his own
Long Receipts
Be on time or not hotcakes for you!
Dish best served....not at all
Revenge on the neckbeard roommate
You want to speed through a school zone? I'll give you enough rope to hang yourself.
I was asked to give my honest opinion. So I did. Sorry not sorry that your bullshit came back to bite you in the ass.
Better you than I
Call me when I'm busy then ignore me?
Can't watch your own kid? I'll slowly waste your crap.
[HELP] A scammer is trying to get me to send my computer to Nigeria as a present for his wife, and has sent me a fake etransfer email. So far I'm going along with it. What should I do to mess with him? (Details inside)
To the owner of the Black Ford Fusion
Say Bye to Your Game Progress.
Canadian revenge is a dish best served cold. And petty.
How to deal with rude League of Legends players
Corner me into putting up Christmas lights? I will take it out on your gutters.
I saw a guy take a popular joke as his own and I simply retweeted the original joke, he got called on his BS
I don't think you have the right of way
No, I will not let you turn in front of me
Grumpy window washer meets his match.
Happy Holidays, you jerks.
Revenge is just a click away
Dont wake me at 5AM.
I hope your neck hurts.
Its not my problem if youre late to work.
Don't want me to have your parking spot? Too bad!
Enjoy pink eye, bitch.
My mother is a Tea Party member and asked for a "Don't Tread On Me" flag for Christmas.
You throw rubbish on my seat.
Not hot enough?
Accuse me of cheating? Have fun drinking your tea.
tables turned on register employees
Be a cow? I'll get you one.
Take a dump before I get ready? Feel my wrath!
[NSFW]Serial cheater...my turn now baby! Not in the way you may think.
That's right, I'm a pussy.
A telemarketers side of the story
Micromanaging again? No champagne for you!
Rush me while driving... You can wait
Steal my seat on the last class of the semester? Face my virulence.
Be mean, don't get your fries
Smells Fishy
Unrequited love petty revenge.
You want to talk to my manager for that?
Avenging my sandwich with a double kill
I did the meanest thing I could think of. (x-posted)
Help Me Troll a Nigerian Scammer
Think you can get away with doing nothing on the group project? Thing again!
Petty revenge on my husband and his office girlfriend
Sorry I Annoyed You On My Birthday
Here's what happens when you room with a petty dicknose.
Even in my dreams I get my revenge
A best mans speech. Revenge in the works.
Craigslist Poster Needs A Reminder Of How To Treat Buyers
Exacting revenge on my dicknose freshman roommate (twice)
The Silent Pause
Eat my ice cream, eat my poop
I can't wash the dishes? You can't eat. (Revengineering)
Revenge that cooked for a couple years.
music in class revenge
Petty Parking Revenge
Spread nasty rumors about me? Enjoy a million spam emails.
Dance up on me? Vomit for you.
Flip me off and curse at me when I stop you from stealing my parking space? Enjoy my verbal beatdown
Subway Revenge
Too sick to hang out with me? Hmm... I may just have caught your disease.
I refuse to drink alcohol to scorn my girlfriend's parents.
Gonna be an asshole in the rain? Have fun cleaning your car.
Coworkers think dirty dishes left in the sink is perfectly acceptable
Jealous Yu-Gi-Oh card.
My credit card company charges way too much interest
It's been over a year, time for my petty revenge.
Stiff me will you. ....Tumblrer Gets 'Doxxed' For Personal Opinion
My brother is not coming for Christmas now and I couldn't be happier.
Don't want to pay your $100 water bill? It'll cost you thousands....
This revenge made the over priced cinema popcorn worth it
Forgetting to put the toilet seat down
Don't mess with my morning sleep
Talk about my friend behind her back? Get banned.
My brother delivered petty revenge by giving the Ex what she wanted.
Revenge of annoying aunts
Revenge for a cheating exboyfriend!
Roommate (somewhat gross) trash revenge
Kick my cat and treat him like shit after being an asshole? Good luck growing your facial hair.
Skip my turn while I'm in the bathroom? Have fun at work tomorrow with no sleep
Won't let me use someone else's (free) rewards card? No problem, i'll make you sign me up for another card!
High Beams
Laundry
I'm too tired for this sh...
War has escalated!
Petty cologne revenge at work..
Throw a tanty? No clean panties!
The branded toilet roll is MINE!
I check to see if someone posted "Happy Birthday" on my Facebook wall (on my last birthday) before I post "Happy Birthday" on theirs.
Fuck Micromanagers.
Try to overtake me dangerously? Drive at the speed limit
"The heist"
Co-worker pissed me off
Taking your sweet time to open and I have to teach you to say please; you can fill out the address for me.
Get out like the princess you are.
Make your own goddamned toast
fuck yo nintendog
My boyfriend can be a sore loser.
You want to open and use a product that's for sale and not buy it? Fuck you.
Passive aggressive Stepdad
The world's leading light on megalomaniacal psychopaths 'deconstructs' internet Trolls, in his long-awaited article, were he draws the comparison between their psychology and the serial-killers and pedophiles he's studied.
This is why you don't mess with the cook.
Story from my childhood: HAMSTER'S FREE NOW, BITCH
So you want to be rude, huh?
Made Ramen for my girlfriend.
Disregard the hours of the laundry room? Enjoy your massive sock budget.
Petty revenge on my bad neighbors
Revenge against motorcyclist
Gonna text during a movie? Have fun without an armrest!
Asian mom vs sisters BF (and me)
This is my tale of petty revenge on an impatient dog.
Petty driving revenge against speedy motorcyclist. Illustrations included.
Tell me to hurry up? I'll make you wait.
Didn't want to come to my wedding? That's fine, I'll just send you pictures of it!
Some unentended revenge at a Party
One less fork to polish.
The Netflix revenge
So you won't let me get back to work? Take this
Got fired. Little do they know I fucked the VP's mistress and the Director's crush
Passively refer to me as a liar? enjoy walking into your office on Sunday.
Girl gets annoyed while I'm working my black friday shift- 0 fucks given by me
Take me for granted, will you?
Entitled girl gets what's coming to her in my building's lift.
can't bear to allow me a few minutes privacy? wallow in your filth
Third party petty parking revenge
I can't stand screaming kids
Thanksgiving is over. It's time to go, Honey.
Got back at my dad for sneak-dissing me in front of our family during Thanksgiving dinner
Ex-girl. Revenge is sweet.
The petty revenge of an 8 year old
Be nice to me? I won't discourage your brother being mean to you!
A slice best served cold.
Audio Revenge
Headphones
Pet(ty) Revenge
sister revenge
FIL is mean to me, I plot my revenge
Caught someone parking badly over the line next to my car
"If you're not looking at the exhibit, please go away!"
Let A Slow Moving Buttnugget Have His Work Soaked
Bad tipper gets what he has coming to him
In which I key the shit out of a taxi cab.
Wicked fast pickup truck.
Cancel my appointment twice without calling, do you?
Speaking of horrible smells...
Early Bird Father in Law
Sorry, I didn't know it was due today.
UPDATE: co-worker stealing my adderall
Trolling the bad programming teacher
What happens to when you think you're the manager
What's that sound you ask? The sweet sound of revenge.
Timing and context are always important
Keep complaining about the food, you self-important snoot
A Family Feud
Get Drunk or whatever and have fun with this.
her down pillow
There are some times you shouldn't delay a man. Since you keep trying, you can just wait.
Co-worker stealing my adderall
Petty Revenge failed, but aftermath (a legendary mystery stink) is still spoken off 10 years after date.
Straw Wars
Park like an asshole, eh? BONUS - Petty justice validation
Don't want to let me into the first class rail lounge? I'll show you.
I'll stick to laughing...
Coffee more on the pale side of brown
How to get back at a tech teacher
Hotel room next door won't turn down their TV...
Gym douche-bag gets a sandwich.Won't help me with the dishes? No tea for you.
Oh, so you hate my accent?
I don't care what your job title is. Ill teach you some respect.
I speak that language too
I will not help you
How to get rid of a douchebag at a concert
Don't shut up at midnight? Deal with my car alarm
My Job Sucks
You're going to dock my pay for getting something on my apron? Enjoy the lunch rush.
So my friends fountain is bothering you?
Bully the Asian guy, I hope you slept well on the flight...
If your kid messes with my kid and then messes with me I guarantee I will be an asshole
Oh, you were in a hurry?
Keep pushing into me? You can wait a little longer.
Ban me from a bar, let me take away business!
crazy lady down stairs now i might be in trouble
I'm listening
My mother insulted me twice.
Mrs. Lane made the mistake of wronging me...
Enjoy your inspection, bitches.
I dont deal with authority well
I did absolutely nothing to you and you insulted me by telling my supervisor that you don't want me as your nurse... let the petty revenge begin.
Bad parent gets no candy.
Don't let your kids run wild in the hallway.
Enjoy your sticky window, Asshole.
Going out of my way.
Take my peesock, asshole!
This girl talked shit about me because she didn't think I was good enough for her best friend, whom I hooked up with?
Truly Petty Revenge on my Narsisstic Mother-in-law
If you didn't want your car surrounded by shopping carts, perhaps you shouldn't have parked in the cart return stall.
Pretty much the most petty and ridiculous revenge I've done.
Satisfying revenge on an obnoxious woman.
demetrio condori - Una Playlist de vídeo en Dailymotion
I`m tired of my friend, who is sending me snaps of him training.
Don't fuck with my hangover.
Steal from me? Now we're even.
Don't think you have to sit in traffic like the rest of us? Think again!
Not going to try and be quiet with your friends at 4am on one of the worst days of my life? I'm not going to try and be quiet when I get up at 730.
Tailgating?
never mess with people serving you
My brother "saved my life"
Try to go straight in the left turn only lane revenge.
More annoying than thou, Catan edition
Face my wrath
Having trouble with inconvenient noises?
Deli revenge
You want to give me junk and then get butthurt when I don't want it? Enjoy my drunken painting.
Enter the Anoy-a-Tron, or How I Dismantled My Roommate's Psyche
ha huhuh haha huhuh
You don't want to take the trash out? Fine, then you don't get trash.
Pettiest Revenge
Reviving the r/pettyrevenge thread on Bill Cosby
New attorney tried to delegate his work to me, I returned the favor by stinking up his office.
You don't want to share? Have fun missing out on extra treats!
Fellow Upstanding Citizen reminds me to be a safe driver
Sweet parking lot revenge
My mom is the queen of petty revenge in my family
don't want to clean stuff for the next shift? okay, i don't either. (or, baker wars chapter 1)
Oh, so you wanna ride up on my ass while I'm going 75 on the freeway?
Too important to fill out your timesheets? Enjoy 48hrs of Zombocom!
Road rage in a company vehicle? Smart.
This guy sitting across from me on this coach bus is taking up an obnoxious amount of leg room.
Don't mess with the mentally handicapped Janitor
Park in A non-spot for 3 weeks, have fun with your tickets!
Breakin' in a new office chair.
Nero's Revenge (x-post from SOA)
Leave me in the wet spot? It's payback time.
Please don't unplug a mentally handicapped janitor's vacuum.
Revenge 2.0
Old Man Cutterson Gets His Comeuppance
Ass in a bottle!
You need that extra five minutes on your phone. No worries I'll juse wait.
Try to cut in line and I'll hold you up.
Grade A Asshole: Class Partner From Hell
Put your seat back early...I don't think so.
Escalator based revenge.
Don't want to come to class? Fine.
Like being rude? Keep signing
You ordered one apple juice.
Yep, I speak Spanish too, you pervert.
No thanks for not calling!
Too good for the "unit" title?
Don't be an asshole roommate
I'm the Mike Tyson of making you look like an asshole.
[X-Post from TIFU] TIFU by tricking the office gossip into inhaling.
You just couldn't do help yourself huh?
Fuck you, I'm playing playstation
Don't short me by $397
He shorted my by $327
I know your not supposed to favor, they have hierarchy and all
Don't call me and try to sell me an alarm system
Be a shit driver? Bitch breaks face
My girlfriend's roommate is the biggest mooch
My personal tale of swift justice for a Craigslist scammer.
Unique name? Didn't buy your domain? Your SEO will now enjoy a dose of tubgirl.
Drive your own ass to the concert
Don't be rude if you want all your money!
Complain about my sales average then try to steal my biggest sale of the day? OH NO YOU DIDN'T!!
Driving revenge, done petty
I need some advice for revengePetty revenge on the new roomate
Bitch about my husband? Enjoy your warm yogurt.
Flight attendant gets the attention of an inconsiderate traveler
Anon shows ex girlfriend who is boss (x-post r/4chan)
Goodbye to your D1 scholarship
Publicly humiliated two big talkers
How to deal with loud floormates: when revenge is the slow path
Cabbie tries to rip me off $2.00? Protracted court battle and large civil penalty for you!
Cabbie tries to rip me off $1.60? Protracted court battle and large civil penalty for you!
Can't you sit on your half of the seat?
No, I will not be your coffee bitch!
My eyes are up here, buddy!
Steal my store's shopping carts? Enjoy your jail time, and sorry about your student aid!
I will teach you kids to swim in my pool.
Enjoy your draughty bus!
Extra Nugget
Petty revenge backfired
Road Rage Avenger
Yell at me about not giving you enough butter for your popcorn? Enjoy getting your hands covered in melted butter.
You'd like to pet my dog?
Well, Screw You budday!
Get mad at me for talking to you, i'll ignore you when you talk to me.
Whine at me all day, will you?
Don't Hold up the plane.
She loved the meat I gave her too. [X-Post from /r/confession]
Roommate wouldn't loft his bed.
Revenge for making me do some light work over a week vacation
Don't clog up the planner
Cheat on my friend? Sucks for you.
Smartass princess student gets shown
Petty revenge at the gas station
I was the only one from my crew to show up to work on a Sunday... Listen to my devious plan and how I ruined their day..
Dirty looks from an old lady... no tip for you
Petty, yet delicious revenge.
Fat shaming fat cat gets fat shamed
Going to ride my ass during morning rush hour while texting and speeding? Let's
Fat... or pregnant?
Thank you Siri
Nice racism, lady.
I will go when I think its safe, not when you do.
Tell me you cheated, then accuse me of giving you Chlamydia? I better warn our mutual friends.
Egged. Again
Almost rear-end me because you're too busy applying mascara? Okay!
Pushy woman on the bus
The Jerk Tax
Fine. I'll wash your dishes.
Maybe, possibly, THIS is why your wife doesn't trust you.
Boss wanted us to dress as Dalmations. I rebelled.
Sometimes you just need to do what they say..
Speeding around speed bumps eh?
Bus Seat Butt Controversy
So, you want to be snappy about our sex life? Have some petty revenge
I am your cashier, not your personal butler.
My wife squeezes the toothpaste in the middle...
Very petty revenge, but it sure made me feel better.
Another Parking Story
I hope it's a pain in your asses
Took her off my Netflix account
There! Now we both feel like shit.
Need Advice - Slipping Ipecac into food
Stoplight Wars
To add to the recent trend of parking a-holes
Accidentally removed a lingerer's bookmarks
Sweet revenge on my 5th grade bully after my growth spurt
Fine, I won't pay for the item I want to purchase
Co-Worker needed a bath anyway.
Oops, guess I failed to mention I speak their language
Ignore me? Have fun hearing me stomp!
Tailgater beware!
"Here, let me throw that away for you."
Petty roommate revenge
Let me use your Xbox and then hold it against me? Cool, I'll just use my own.
Insult my dept? Clean up after yo'self!
Petty revenge to the dermatologist secretary mwahahaha
Don't keep your word? Good luck sleeping!
Ear worm me will you!
That's what you get for almost rear-ending me.
Just because you drive a nice car doesn't mean you can park like a dick.
Eat my lunch? I'm taking something you like.
This is where being snarky gets you
"Nice parking job, asshole"
You can stay outside.
Don't forget whose bed you're on..
Play loud games? Curse you
Laundry night? Enjoy losing an extra hour of sleep.
My boyfriend chose dishes.
Too lazy to change the roll?
Intrude on my privacy? Okay.
Don't be rude to the mentally unstable...
Dye, why don't you?
Oh, the cold cuts aren't thin enough?
Too busy to stop at a red light? Enjoy waiting forever.
Want your ID back? You'd better come and get it.
This is why you should never answer your cell phone in a public toilet.
Hate it when I game?
Misspell my name in an email?
I'll give him pinkeye. Bitches love pinkeye. Potentially NSFW
People who park over the line
At least your bread was fine.
Hope you enjoy smelling the delicious ribs from the wedding I didn't get to go to.Put your shit away
Have fun with your small change.
Always be nice to the girl making your coffee
Don't take up the whole pavement with your friend.
Why is my shampoo bottle empty?
Hearing him scream was worth it
I know what's on your computer
Don't wait for me to get off the elevator before you get on? Enjoy the smell
I see Amazon delivered your new Hell on Wheels series today...
Dont treat the person who opens the door badly.
Talk shit, eat shit
I hate people who talk on their phone in the bathroom.
I posted this as comment and was sent here. :)
Ms Scrooge gets pwned
Think you're clever, scrutinizing how I do my job? I hope you enjoy sitting on a couch for 45 minutes.
Drenched
Fox Sports Used a reddit user's original .gif of an NFL play on their website. He gets revenge
Being a fussy bitch means you wont pass without a hitch.
Hope you didn't want to move your car
Why you don't be an ass to a roommate who works in IT.
Screwing Best Buy and Lenovo 'cuz they screwed me.
Oh you want to mess with the A/C?
Excuse me doesn't count when you're already trying to shove me out of the way
Revenge on Timewasting boss
Try to make me feel guilty about your commission? I will order the rest of the parts myself, online
Too stupid to scam.
Hope you like the shitty part of the tomato!
Don't park in my parking lot.
Revenge is a pink colored Sharpie.
I hope it takes you forever
Didn't move your couch? I'll take your bathroom reading.
Condescending? Hope it was worth it.
Cut my line?
A nod would have sufficed
My petty revenge on all rude customers in my checkout line.
Enjoy your ranch!
Dont want to date me? Enjoy not sleeping.
Dont want to date me? Enjoy not sleeping.
Dont want to date me? Enjoy not sleeping.
Petty revenge on Foodbeast? they seem to be begging for it.
"borrow" my post without giving me credit? I have a surprise for you.
Little Lotto Payback
Call me a baby will you?
I need revenge ideas
The Kyles.
You Lost the Election by Seven Votes [victorious rant]
She sure packed my fudge!
So you decided to park in a no parking zone?
My Korean Neighbor And His Small Annoying Dog
blame it on the ISP
Miss my stop? I won't say thank you.
Don't mess with me before my coffee.
Petty shower faucet revenge
Ask me to work after hours with no pay ?
Simple petty revenge on mods.
Have me sort your papers? No way, LT
Annoying Neighbor
A little internet argument which went a little too far...
college
Enjoy the rash!
My boss was a jerk to me today.
You're not the only ones in the building
I let him pee on it (x-post from confession)
Don't honk at me..
Messed up their coffee break!
Offended by politeness? Open your own doors.
Game Of Thrones revenge is the best revenge
Can't keep your hands off? Looks like you're not going anywhere
As a kid, i retaliated against a playground bully in an incredibly passive-aggressive way.
My sister complains about everything I do
"This bitch is gonna hit me with her car!!"... Well, if you insist!
Don't be an asshole to minimum wage workers.
Toiletpaper
So you parked right in front of the door
Eating crunchy snacks while I'm trying to concentrate? Hell no.
Don't feel like holding the elevator?
Fuck my upstairs neighbors... with mail.
Socks to be you!
You're gonna regret that
When you come in to get pizza, SAY your name please..
Be rude when you dialed the wrong number? I'll make a joke at your expense.
You thought you would win this biological war did you?
Today, I gave a preteen prank caller a good post-Halloween scare.
The pettiest of revenge...
You, shall not pass!
She took the house, the dog, and part of his 401k, but didn't mess with the WiFi thermostat
He ate my popcorn, now I'm eating his
[NOT ME] Amazon reviewer has some amazingly petty revenge on his ex-wife. (x-post /r/justiceporn)
Best Amazon Review Ever - classic petty revenge
Leave the coffee pot empty? I'm going to make you waddle.
Won't let me wait for my girlfriend? Watch me crawl through the "no waiting zone"
Trying to sabotage me finding a new place to live? Enjoy your huge TV license fine.
Want me to move? Ok.
The epitome of petty and envious
You want my code, bitch? Don't forget your Zovirax.
My brother made my house smell like an opium den, I'll use his own slackness
Wanna Prank call me? enjoy the smsbomb~
You can wait a few extra days for that ...
Don't touch my food.
My brother ate my Halloween candy so I'm forcing him to watch nothing but commercials right now.My cousin wouldn't shut up...
How would you like your change?
Rest in discomfort
"Your costume is boring."
You shouldn't bore people to death with your Reddit post titles.
I'm just doing it to piss you off, now.
Don't Cat Call
[Meta] Can we please think a little more about the titles we give our stories?
Steal my Ethernet cable? Fine. Enjoy some quality music.
Cruise control vs inability to regulate speed
Snow means slow!
why would you honk at a pedestrian?
play prank on gullible young me, enjoy piss in your ear.
Hope you like your speeding ticket, douche.
Don't like tipping? Come chase your dog.
Oh I will update my signature
Magician vs Magician
Steal my pint glasses and hoard them in your room, enjoy the moldy water all over your bathroom
Return of the Petty Stepdad Revenge: Lunch Time
Ugh...Youths
Ugh...Youths
Wherein butts
Crush my legs during the flight? Enjoy the show!
Make me look everywhere for my homework? Face my vengeful wrath.
Interrupt my pizza? Have fun squeezing into a small car.
I'll make sure someone's always knocking at your front door.
Cat revenge?
You want to win so bad? Enjoy the loss.
Split up our group? Enjoy your break erasing permanent marker
Won't clean up? No cups for you.
I had two seperate customers cough on me at work...
Push my seat back up? Say goodbye to your leg room.
Blame me for losing? I'll play extra by the books for you
Classroom Politics are getting serious
Just found this sub, curious about demographics...
Someone help me take revenge on my brother.. please!!
Hog the washing machines? Be inconvenienced yourself.
You won't put the food away? Alright, I'll do it for you.
I Will Make You Mildly Uncomfortable!
Spanish class revenge
Tailgating me? Better not have any identifiable information on your car.
Train station attendant revenge
Honk at me in gridlocked traffic? I'll get revenge twice.
Pushing in a Crowd? Get Pushed Back
Abuse me for pushing your dickhead kid off me while I'm sitting on the train?
Harley in the bike lane
Cut me in line, get crop dusted.
Revenge on the Birthday Brat takes the cake.
I spit in your hair
Taking up too much space.
Screw with my career advancement, enjoy your sticky footsteps
Another tailgater
[Insert non shitty title here]
It was only a few dollars, but I don't care.
Maybe I'm sick, maybe I'm not.
¿Quieres un trago?
Tailgating me? Too bad.
Want to bully me and withhold my payslips? You just lost $700.
How can I get back at someone over Facebook?
I played a ranked game of Dota 2.
Cashier revenge
Learn how to put eggs in the refrigerator
Berate my cooking skills, will you?
Ask before you take my snacks...
What goes around, comes around...your waist.
Being passive-aggressive is so almost-satisfying.
Recurring petty revenge on cab drivers
Your growling muffler does not scare me.
Stood me up last semester? No recorded lecture for you.
Never make fun of the IT guy
Keep me awake with texts? Suffer my poop
You're getting fat and want to know why I'm not?
My blood pressure has gone down significantly.
Stay on your phone? Enjoy the "sale" turkey
Smash Bros Revenge
The key to your problems would have been good sportsmanship.
So, my now ex-boss was being a complete bitch, which led to me quitting.
Be a bitch, get yer tacos ate up
Help me
God Save The Queen
How I got revenge on some girls behind me
Gum
Cut me off parking? Enjoy your ticket.
Delay my sleep? Gonna need gas.
Cut me off parking? Enjoy sitting in traffic.
Neighbors having loud sex? Guess it's time to practice my dying animal sounds as loud as I can.
Show some respect or give me your money
How my petty revenge hopefully taught my room mate to leave me out of emotional drama
Cat revenge.
Block our dumpster? Enjoy the free juice.
Road rager gets a face full of fury
My first attempt
Annoying kids with full volume speakers on my bus.
(Mountain) Dew not drink my soda
Tiny tale of petty revenge: communal laundry
Take up too much room on the train? You can wait until last
Abuse the healer? Learn to resurrect yourself!
You want to discriminate? Say goodbye to your family.
Sacrificial Lamb
My roommate always tries to catch me masterbating.Coworker continues to be insufferable and I've found my revenge.
Guy cheats on his wife, I blow up his phone
here, have some cat crap...
Some people never learn..
Treat me like shit at work? I'll make you walk further!!
Let there be light
Revenge is best served ice cold
When people use their phones in the public bathroom at work, I go out of my way to make extra loud bathroom noises so the person on the call knows how rude they're being.
Won't replace a faulty phone case, enjoy paying someone to chat with me for an hour.
I didn't take the revenge myself, but it still felt great.
Asshole tailgates me, gets his comeuppance.
Blow us off? Have fun standing in the rain.
So you find antonio bandera's spanish hot? Sweet revenge
Have your phone on speaker so everyone can hear your full conversation? I'll fix that.
Not revenge... but I got around my dad's irrational Internet restrictions after 3 months of desperation. (Sorry if wrong place)
My roommate put my cast iron skillet in the dish washer. I need your help. [x-post from r/castiron]
Don't put my washing out? Enjoy your boner, asshole.
I bet she's happy I'm moving out soon...
Asshole pickup truck driver gets instant justice
My husband keeps dismissing my arguments
I am woken up...
Yell At Us for something we Didn't do?
I also peed on the carpet and blamed it on the dog...
Revenge on a New Roommate
Hop you enjoy your seat.
There's too much pettyshaming here. This is pettyrevenge, not pettyjustice.
I think I got ripped off.
I have trouble falling asleep...
Mark my work bad? I'll waste your time.
Oh, Hewlett Packard level 2 enterprise support line agent, I understand I was probably the first call of the day..
Revenge against the cat who woke me up too early
My husband's petty revenge
They assumed I didn't understand Spanish
Write your name in my row?
Want to keep stealing peoples' drinks? Enjoy one on the house...
Girl at work is rude to cleaning lady, I inadvertently ruin her life.
You spell my name wrong? I get VERY petty
Gf's dad gets a taste of his own medicina
Petty Revenge Free Giveaway
My Summer War of Passive Aggression
Petty revenge giveaway
On my way to school this morning I was being tailgated.
I finally have something to post!
Longest Elevator Ride
Enjoy your coffee
Hide my tools? Ok. Did I see where your stereo went? Nope. [Wall of text]
Tell me to "shhh" while on your phone at my counter? You now pay for freebies.
Want some sushi again? Revenge is best served spicy
Be disruptive in class, get called the wrong name
Fork bomb the phone scammers!
The doors never close that fast....
The balloon sculpture on the front page reminded me of a story
Want to avoid having to do your own work? Fine, we'll just let you miss it!
May you be treated as you treat others
You spoil me all the juiciest r/relationships posts? I fake-spoil you the twist plot of the film you are watching
Act like a dick? Stink like one too
Roomate's dumb girlfriend
How do you feel being surprised attacked by the shower head every god damn time now sister?
Cut me off? Hope you like the slow road.
Well this time let's make it exact then
Petty revenge of the Toys-R-Us stock room manager
Bail on our plans again, no help for you in school today.
Not-sure-if petty revenge
Give me a kilo of change? Nope.. Keep them
Good morning!
Wait for your lunch
It's only a quarter...
You can't stand not having the heat going? Enjoy your sauna
Train your dogs or my dad will train you.
No bottle deposit, not bottle
Sneeze on me? No bacon for you!
Netflix revenge
Lights on, bitch.
Payback for a bully
How to screw over your boss completely (Or, "plz don't fuck with me")
Belittle me? Have fun fixing your brother's mirror!
Want to play that way, landlord? Okay.
A little help from petty revenge?
Don't let me sleep, I won't let you sleep.
Turn up late to my party? No gourmet scotch egg and pictures for you
Subtle Social Petty Revenge
Absolut piss and vinegar...
Call me a racist?
Flight attendants appreciate your attention during the safety demonstrations
I hope you saved some time.
Won't scoot down on the bleachers at the Giants Game? Fine, I'll have security take your drunk ass away.
Dog got revenge on its shitty owner (my terrible roommate).
Enjoy the notes!
Don't show up for a 10 minute job? Have fun with your detention.
Double bathroom revenge on my step-dad. Mmm baby smooth &lt;3
Lie about fixing the utilities? I'll fix them myself!
Overpay me for tickets!!!
Being rude? Enjoy the loud laughing in your ear!
Interupt me constantly? Enjoy your cruddy chair!
Wont leave room to park? ill make some extra room!
Bump me and listen to rock
Enjoy your change!
I guess he really needed the rest.
Fake me out on a tip? Lose your cigarettes. (service industry revenge)
Such sweet, petty satisfaction.How should I deal with a shitty neighbor?
Don't want to do your dishes eh?
Drive recklessly? Let me "brighten" your day...
Do not spit on my car...
Punish me while others go unnoticed!?
Keep turning the microwave to defrost and forgetting to turn it back, two can play at that game bitch
Defeating my arch nemesis
Watch your awful dog for 10 days? Sure. I LOVE Scotch.
Kids...
Tailgating me? You're probably in a hurry!
Don't leave my door unlocked unless you want pink eye.
Constantly showing off at the piano? You aren't the only one who plays...
The price of an extra tortilla is outrageous
Got Pradeyths Timepiece last night..
Be a bad dog? Suffer through my farts.
Use all the washing machines? well well...
My dog got what he deserved.
tailgait me in a company car
continued
My revenge on amazon.com
Lose my stuff? You wont get away with anything.
Telephone scam me? Sucker!
lol
Want to teach your kid a bad habit? Well, I'll teach her a worse one.
Don't tip me? I'll potentially ruin your collegiate career.
Take that boss lady!
Eat all my bread? I'll drink all your beer
Treat me like an asshole? Hope you didn't like your knife.
Revenge for a sleepless night
Interrupt my lunch, say goodbye to your precious pen.
Ever decorated someone's car on their wedding day? Payback is fun...
My best petty driving revenge ever
My roommate has gotten on my last nerve...
I'm not some peasant
You didn't even read the damn paper.
Girlfriends petty revenge
Try to get me to cheat on a project? You're not so hot after all.
Embarrass me at work? Fear my wrath.
sexist bar tending? have fun with no tips!
Embarress me? I'll drive you crazy at work.
My manager won't help me fold towels
Don't want to switch one TV to watch the game? Then we will take our drinking money elsewhere!
Come on over!
Sweet, sweet virtual payback.
Steal my phone? I'll ruin your reputation.
Make my work life hell, no lunch for you!
Roommate steals my shampoo, extreme pettiness ensues.
You shall not pass (driver's revenge)
Draw Something
This is what you get for refusing me service.
My roommate is being a idiotic douce canoe...
Drinking and throwing chairs in pools isn't cool. Neither is going to jail.
Tailgate me, will you?
Revenge on a bitchy woman.
Thats not my responsibility.
You get to merge! And you get to merge! And you get to merge! Everyone gets to merge in front of me!
Bitch about my cooking? Enjoy your cake.
My drink cost $9 &amp; I paid with a $20, but the bartender only gave me $10 back.
That's not my responsibility.
Oh, you say it's your birthday?
[See Comcast subscribers - life isn't so bad!](http://imgur.com/xekvk5X)
No vanilla sprinkled donuts for a thief
You don't give me a discount. Prepare to feel the heat.
Tease 7 year old me? Feel my pain, jerkface
You're going to email unflattering things about me to my coworker? I'm gonna have you wondering...
I send my son to his dad's house wearing "I 'heart' mom" shirts.
Treat me like a loser? No gigantic commission for you.
Neighbor repeatedly leaves his junk mail on the ground in the lobby. I return it for him.
Excessively rude to me? Have fun bagging that order all by yourself
Banana towel
Don't chose me as Maid of Honour? Live with your decision!
You can't stand on the sidewalk like everyone else? Enjoy my cheering in your ear.
Carwash Revenge
So, you dont like to see the dish washer putting fresh clean dishes on the salad bar, huh?
Interrupt my shit?
Shove me in the subway, bitch? Enjoy my meat in your face!
Revenge against whore of a housemate
Watch your sandals: update
Elderly relative houseguest wants to use my laptop in the guest room? Password protection will keep you out!
Your call is too important to interrupt while ordering at Chipotle? Then I probably shouldn't interrupt you for anything else, either.
Your stupid phone alarm wakes me up when I'm hungover? Enjoy your fart-filled purse.
The receptionist
The lady that hit my car.
I wasted five minutes of someone's life and I'm proud as shit
Pandora is the best weapon of petty revenge
Smoke free campus
Apartment buzzer revenge, a dish best served petty.
Stupid Highschool Driver Gets What He deserves
Stop texting me, boss.
An email for every line drawn.
Sleeping with the enemy's daughter (x-post from r/TIFU)
Got some good petty revenge before the long weekend.
Highway Revenge
"Have a nice life", asshole.
The sound of revenge
It certainly was "a game"
Face it, any revenge on a giant like ComCast is going to be *petty* revenge.
What's that smell?
Want to be passive aggressive? Prepare your eardrums.
This man was bragging about his father participating in The Nanking Massacre so he got his arm fractured.I Didn't Turn On Red
She will not be prepared.
I can has revenge?
An incredibly petty tale of minor traffic revenge.
Take that sucker! An incredibly petty tale of minor traffic revenge.
Can't handle the heat? Get out.
My boss is a horrible person, so I'm getting back at him dollar by dollar.
Don't run over the train tracks, dumbass.
What's that boss? I can't hear you. You're breaking up.
Take my parking spot? Sure go right ahead.
Girlfriend cheats, I rip her off
You want to speak to my CEO? Sure, one moment
Squish Squash
Enjoy your crappy towels
Try to cut me off? It doesn't work like that
Don't wanna let me merge onto the Interstate? I'll let everyone else do it!
Is that heavy bitch?
Most hated employee takes two lunch breaks
"Sure, I'll do work while I'm off the clock," said no one, ever.
Screw with my brew?
Two for one
Pizza Pizza
Bitchy decorator will get lots of references
Time To Recline
Can't sit with your girlfriend, so you act out during the whole flight?
Unknown tame revenge on my family
Spam our fax machine? Enjoy a $20,000 fine!
Charge me fines unjustly? Feel my petty wrath.
My petty revenge on SnapChat
Hello, I would like to make a complaint.
I got fired for trying to steal my managers job. Today, I got him fired
You don't flush, you deal with my stink
Revenge..not so petty
Fuck up my store? Extra fees for you!
60 year old vs Me (19)
Say goodbye to your hearing.
Defiling her office throne.
Feel like almost ramming me with your car ? Well enjoy my exhaust .
Wait for the Packet, Asshole
Hurt my friend...
Not working for our presentation? Embarrass yourself.
Don't wanna take my 4hr shift so I can attend a family BBQ? Don't expect me to take your shift the following week.
Won't stop driving over my scale? No check for you
Petty Revenge is Sweet..and Fruity
Block my driveway, spoil your evening
Sorry, Hershey's, but this customer must learn.
really petty revenge against little bro over a loofah
There's just not enough room on these things!
Don't want to help sick girlfriend? No Internet for you.
The ladies' room has never had more current reading material!
Revenge from simply not letting work know class was cancelled.
Animal Abuse? That's a Cinnamon Roll.
Guess I'll Just Hang On To That Parking Pass, "Grandpa"
rude girl waiting to print next
I'll keep that pen, thanks
Copy my movies? Have fun showering in cold water.
Rude Bus Bitch
Ignore the pedestrian pass, get keyed.
Petty Revenge with a twist
"Anything is a dildo if you're brave enough." - Abraham Lincoln
You decide to forget about the group project we have? Well the teacher forgot to add your grades in!
Don't flip someone off unless you know who they are.
Watch your sandals
Ignore the rules and argue?
Steal my parking spot? Prepare for revenge...
Look behind you before flipping someone off, they might be a police officer.
Harassing person given a taste of their own medicine
Don't flip people off without looking. They might be a police officer.
Week old Dr. Pepper vs. Boyfriend
Petty Revenge On Queen Bitch Cashier
Refuse to pay me? Check your next electricity bill.
Don't share with me and i won't share with you
Don't pay your bills? I'll hide your iPad.
My boyfriend has a very large band t-shirt collection
Maid of Honor from hell
Petty Revenge? Two can play. McDonalds.
Call me old? Let me scare a little life out of you in return..
If I have to pick it up, I get to decide where it goes
Cigarette Butt Litterer Owned By Hippie Chick
A Roommates Revenge
Petty Revenge? Two can play. McDonalds.
Fuck my friend, let loose the nudes!
Girlfriend forgot about me while I was on vacation
A confusing day at the bakery
Someone used my email address to sign up for affair dating
NSFW messing with a guy who just couldn't get that he was texting the wrong person
My suitemate is locked in the bathroom now.
Sauerkraut turnovers.
You want to make me hand over stuff for a visa that weren't mentioned until you said so? Screw the UK visa system!
Snarky comments leave you without coffee.
You want me to break your large bill? No problem
Neighbour revenge
Try to break me, I'll break you.
10 Years Coming
Here's to your short Friday.
Revenge has never actually tasted any better
Boogers on your seat
I am not a dog person.
Insult my friend, and I'll ruin your contest
Be a tool? Have some veggies AssholeDick at Dunkin Doughnuts
Revenge on my co-worker is mine.
Cigarette Butt Litterer Owned By Hippie Chick
Quiz-Cheater Denied
Roommates Revenge
Grocery store parking revenge
Sociopath ex-roommate's mail? Return to sender.
Bombs and Hookers
Parking problem solved
Don't you cut me off!
Overreaction but Excellent Revenge
No one likes me? Let me prove you dead wrong.
Satisfying Revenge on Co-worker
Rules nazi, pain-in-the-ass, neighbor pays for being such a bitch
Need ideas against scam seller
Who's the dumb one?
A tale of Petty Revenge times 4
Have fun being late.
Waxing Revenge
a lady shut her door on me while I was mid sentence 3 weeks ago. Just got my petty revenge!
I try to do the right thing - I really do.
Over spray used right!
Don't tailgate my dad.
Don't tailgate my dad.
Park like an asshole?
To the fucker who slit my wife's throat: i hope you like aids
Revenge on unwanted loud music.
you'll just have to wait, then.
Uncommunicative Boyfriend's Revenge
Today a woman was a total bitch to me at work for no reason. Later I was eating lunch and saw her trip over her own feet. She looked around to see who saw, and I locked eyes with her and smiled. She kept walking and looking at the floor.
Block me from my coffee in the grocery isle for no reason, well then enjoy my annoying cart in your way right back!
You think I care about your profit margin?
Enjoy your nickname, cocksore.
Oops, I'm in time!
Revenge in the underground parking lot
Two cocky pilots get their comeuppance
The parking garage
I guess you didn't need that class
Goodness gracious, how did you use all of your 30GB email quota?
Everyone is patiently waiting in traffic, you should be too
Petty Revenge against Starbucks barista
Need help getting back at a hooker
Accuse me of laziness? Sport some EKG "nipples" on your back.
Won't put stuff away? Then I will. And I will do a really shitty job on purpose.
You forgot something.
Let the door slam on my face? Enjoy you're elevator ride, bitch.
Quieting some noisy neighbors.
Swearing at me? Nickname for you.
You tree looks smaller..
Insult my SO for talking and turn the volume up to an obnoxious level? How about no Netflix for you.
You wanna tailgate me while I'm already doing 10 over?
Enjoy my balls all over your body
Spinning her right round
A Twin's Revenge: Licking and Personal Property
Complain and insult me after I did you a favor? Enjoy vacuuming cat litter out of your trunk
My skinny ass and your face.
Enjoy Standing The Whole Ride Home!
Buttpaste
The sweet smell of revenge
Help with my roomate
No Facebook for you!
Rubs it in this Alone Forever guy's face!
Tangerine Wheel
Involuntary time out
Petty revenge on my little kitty.
Scammed me on eBay, so I registered your website and redirected it to a porn site
Crappy mom? What fb message?
Make me work late, no TV for you!
Sky rocket's in flight... afternoon delightttttt (or in other words, don't be surprised if you have an encore for your public performance)
I hope you like doing math
Enjoy your nap, fluffy cat
Have fun explaining that one to everybody
What are you gonna do? Tell on me?? (Continuation of my earlier story 'I have a friend who likes puzzles')
Don't mess with my kid
Get revenge on the system: "UNHOLY MANIFESTO: Unethical and Unorthodox Productivity Hacks (That Should Be Banned) to Abuse the System, Get Your Way, and Piss People Off." will be FREE on Amazon from now until 10/2/14
Just the sour cream.
I think I got most out of the situation
I had a friend who likes puzzles
Shalom
"To the chicken lovers"
Bathroom Shenanigans
No kids at your wedding ceremony? Enjoy my speech.
roommate snitched on me, help me think of a way to get back at him
You Take My Locker, I Take Your Sash
Don't tell me my store policies that you don't know.
Don't tail anyone when there are open lanes around you...
No parking for you!
Enjoy the view. And my dinner.
Let's see you open those bags now!
Talking on the phone while I'm studying in the library..
my friend left me out so...
Wont turn the light off? That's fine, I'll just go to bed.
Try to be a gunner? Work night shifts for the week.
Sorry for being born dad.
Stupid honker gets honked at.
Be a bitch? Step in spit.
Passive smoker revenge
Now she will never stop smelling me.
How to deal with a CSGO troll
That is my coffee.Don't honk at me when I can't move either.
Do better than me and rub it in? I guess I won't help you anymore.
A drivers revenge
Biological Warfare
Careful who you say doesn't have balls
Lazy roommate has better food.
Want to cut infront of me? I'll ruin your little game!
Story of Revenge from when I worked Retail.
You shall not MAC
Even though the teacher didn't see you, I did
Wear your damn seat belts
You said you would be home.
Throw trash out of your car? Good luck fishing it out of your tailpipe.
Crazy driver almost kills me on the interstate when I mess with him after his great driving.
Fool me once, shame on you - fool me twice, I'll fuck with your life.
Thread: HAHAHA! Hot chick who rejected me in HS is now divorced and a waitress at 30. I win!
The middle of the watermelon.
All the Lucky Charms.
My brother is lazy
Made plans to meet my favorite singer at a small concert, He stood me up.
Adam Levine it is!
Gonna be a bitchy bitch? Get bitten by an insect.
Dear Hummer driver,
ticking stink bomb of revenge
Think you can control everything? Think again...
Wake me up at 7am?? Fine.
Messy Roommate
Sorry, But Who are You Again?
Get me in trouble? I'll get you back.
You have money, yes. But money can't buy back the time I made you waste.
I saw petty revenge in action today at the store
Try to steal my trailer? Not today!!
Bitches at work betrayed me. Would like some help fucking up their day.
Nearly get me into an accident? Enjoy having to park haphazardly.
Tailgating? Here's mud in your eye.
Roommate Interrupted My Nap
Your laziness will just inconvenience you further in the end!
You don't react to my kindness... you don't get my kindness.
It's called the quiet car for a reason.
Believe your lying little shit daughter? Enjoy my spiders!
Sweet revenge on a parking garage line cutter
It's a library for God's sake.
Oh, you want my charger back. You'll get it back alright.
My payback on my sister &gt;:)
That woke him up.
She just had to stick her hands in my hot underwear...
A tale in which I play mind games with a 7 year old
PettyRevenge from yahoo. Operation Girly Perfume.
Customer was giving our frontline support hassle
Gringo price? Gring oh no you didn't!!
I needs ideas on how to get back at my former employer
Jump over my seats? I cut your balls off
Mr. Mish
The other side of the coin: victim of pettyrevenge.
don't mess with a fisherman
Now every time she eats, I smile a little
Mother of ham: the revenge
Husband's a drunk mess
Your narcissism vs. my ability to ignore you
Waste some of my time? I'll waste some of your time.
Lie to us will you?
Dogs kept shitting in my yard
You annoyed me all night? You don't get to leave
How I ruined a spoiled 21 year old girl's day at the car dealership
Rip me off, I'll rip you off back
Steal my boyfriend?...I will retaliate with the pettiest of revenges.
Enjoy your now almost-useless toys!
Mother-in-law shared her honest opinion of me. I hope she enjoys her relationship with her son and grandchildren.
I see your impatient little face.
Oh you have to pee? Maybe you should use your bathroom.
I see you like the local game shop, it would be a shame if something were to happen...
If you don't wash MY dishes, you don't play your beloved Xbox.
Mall Parking Lot Revenge
Awww, he just wants our attention, how cute.
Take my wet clothes out of the dryer? You'll be up for another hour.
Girl's dog shit in my yard one too many times
Keurig revenge.
Enjoy your diet. Bitch.
Steal my energy drinks? Red bull gives you hershey squirts
And now you missed his birthday.
Don't fuck with my post its.
Who Are You Calling a Pig?
Hit my car door will you?
Act like a bitch to me, don't get a cold drink!
She was too busy to go get her own, I guess...
The Pudding Tantrum
Lean back on me? Enjoy the turbulence.
Should have waited.
No large meal for you!
Move out secretly? Enjoy mono.
Park in my space? I'll delay your departure.
I have a shitty roommate
I hope her grocery cart is loaded to the max
Subway sandwich revenge
Subway sandwich revenge
To my neighbor, with love.
Sorry about your GPA, not.
Congrats on your promotion, I didn't wash my hands.
Tell the garbage man to not pick up our trash? Enjoy living without a driveway for a week.
You get tap water.To my wife banging some dude and to the dude - m4w - 35 (Lees Summit)
Park in my spot? Hope you dressed for the snow.
Being rude to a fellow runner grants you access to reading rainbow
Sweet, crunchy toaster revenge
Blind me? Right back atcha!
Take my souvenir? Fine, I'll make a new one!
High school cheater? Here's the wrong answers.
Payback via steam bath
My petty deli revenge.
Bump me on the subway
Insult my son's drumming ability, enjoy listening to mine
Behave like an asshole in a corridor? Have fun getting cut off from your friends
Sent to jail? Drink up!
Do Not Mess with your Sandwich Artist &gt;:)
Petty revenge on the annoying man sitting next to me on the bus.
Don't eat my fucking Fun Dip stix!!!!!
Petty revenge on a former "mean girl"!
A story of petty revenge in the video game Destiny.
Ashley Macon *Callie* [NSFW]
My roommate doesn't like doing his own dishes... nor does he like them handwashed
My childhood petty revenge on a 10-year-old mean girl.
Want me to speed up? Sure!
How the person I hate made me and my buddy die of laughter for days on end
Keep bothering me in an online match, will you?
Forget your manners? No freebies for you!
Don't want to give me a tiny bit of room to park?
Blaming me constantly? Have fun getting in trouble
This post on imgur.
A small victory while playing Xbox last night.
I need your help /r/pettyrevenge!
What are you, 12? No, Im 29. But obviously you are.
Popsicle Sister
Rude people get change.
Tailgate me? Prepare for fear
Give me sass for doing my job well? Your drink won't be as cold as it could be!
I got even and I love it !!!! Better than Karma could do dream of
xpost from /r/marketing: I pranked my roommate with eerily targeted Facebook ads and drove him to complete paranoia.
Craigslist kept taking down my free stuff posts
Revenge on neighbors!!!
I control your cable, bitch, so watch the attitude!
"You can't put enough mayo on it" -- Oh, yeah?
Of snowplows and mailboxes
Be a bitch, wait a few seconds longer.
That'll shut em up!
New and totally unqualified boss gets no formulas from me.
Bad Service = Lifetime Scarring
Revenge on neighbors who were stealing the pants I was ordering through ebay!
He deserved it and I'm not sorry....
poured chocolate milk in some womans car aircon in the middle of summer.
Competent employee
Want to have fun and be annoying? TAKE THAT, CHILDREN!
Unintentional payback!
No, he won't tell a thing ! Let's see how you like this.
Entitled Bitch gets to experience not getting everything she wants.
A slight inconvenience?
Pay me or I'll ruin your date!
TableShareVIP.com &gt;&gt; VIP Nightlife Socials &lt;&lt; (Washington, DC)
Figure it out yourself
Vindication roughly six years later...Spolier alert-Dumbledore dies.
You missed the elevator and were late? Sorry about that.
Be a rude bitch in my convenience store, and you will be INconvenienced
Not gonna hold it for you
Ran into my old boss and had a very pleasant conversation about everything but her.
Constantly Throw My Team Under the Bus?
Cut in line at McDonalds? would you like some petty revenge with that?
Enjoy your dirt, mofo!
There's a good reason you don't block the left half of the escalator in Hong Kong.
Some schadenfreude
Make my shift difficult? I'll ruin your morning.
Try to win me back with your manipulative bullshit? Enjoy not being able to text for a while.
*Congratulations* You have won the company lottery!
Cut in front of my in line? Thanks for the MONEY!
Talk on your phone while driving? Not if Dave Grohl has anything to say about it!
Microwave.
Office Fantasy Football is meant for fun, make another person feel like shit? You don't get your guy either.
My boss fakes being sick, his partner teaches him a lesson
My reddit stalker reposted my photo, and I found out that you can edit your photos in Imgur.
Got stood up at a restaurant...by my friends
My first job
Be a dick the whole cab ride. I'll show you cabbie
The campus cafeteria doesn't take debit cards anymore...
I helped them clean the fridge.
Petty? Yes. Worth it? Totally.
Kick me out of my desk? I'll just leave all my stuff in the drawers.
Here, want some candy?
This isn't Saint Andrew's, you cheating bastard!
Messy Roommate
If it's there for me, it's mine.
A six month campaign of pettyness
She wouldn't share her crayons...
Be an inpatient asshat, prepare to wait a lot more then you'd like.
Try to use our post office box instead of getting your own? Not a chance
Asshole co-worker needed to be taught a lesson
I bet you don't feel so special anymore!
$.39 of bliss
Try to have your own private stall in the office bathroom? Prepare to smell justice.
Entranced in your phone at the stop light? Let me ease off the brake a bit.
Don't stock the store at night? Have fun changing receipt rolls.
I wonder who called the Health Dept?
My Campaign to Ruin a Shitty EmployerCould you taste it? I really hope you did.
Revenge by doing nothing at all
The more you honk the more you wait
I am the Queen of passive aggressive inconvenience.
Favor the football player will you.
Tell me I can't take a break? Hope you enjoy your doctored coffee!
Petty revenge on a driver who doesn't respect the sidewalk
Airbnb guest constantly doesn't refill the water.
You steal all the candy out of the candy jar? Fine, wait a little longer for your elevator.
Not so petty revenge on a "hacker"
ex gf stops paying on and using her contracted line on my cell phone account without telling me
Don't cut me off or I'll slow you down.
My boyfriend keeps bending my spoons when he scoops ice cream
At least pour out your tea if it bothers you so much
You're going to be a cheap waste of space? Well, just let me call you out in front of your friends.
Yes, I have an office.
We may be band geeks, but we have a trunk full of tools and 15 minutes.
Some dumbass scammed me yet I have their phone number and name, what should a man do?
Please hold for a moment, sir.
So you want to get out the passing lane for your exit to Harrisburg?
BUT I STILL CONTROL THE THERMOSTAT (an Amazon customer review)
Kill my grass hoppers? Eat healthy, fucker
Unapologetic about one of your party guests pissing on my car? That's cool, I've already got my revenge.
Bend the rules and I'll bend your words.
100 degrees of leather on your skin
Ever wonder what it's like to have to open for a shitty comedian with an undeserved large ego?
So you want to tailgate me? Choke on this!
You're right, I'll never forget. (long)
Workplace harassment? Enjoy resetting your email account constantly.
If you yell at children, you're going to get shit from me.
Roommate tries to play a game of chicken when it comes to buying TP
I went to Coney Island, NY...
I am not a role model.
Convenient store revenge
I ate your fuckin' cookies.
brotherly love
Refuse to clean the dishes? Have a terrible experience cleaning yourself!
Petty revenge on drunk guys on train
Behave like asshole coworkers for two days straight, and you think I'm going to cover for you? Guess again.
Be a jerk about my dog? Enjoy looking at some poo!
Some genuinely petty revenge against my brother over a seat
Boss deliberately ignores me?
Roommate Revenge
The Night Driver Strikes Back
Jackass coworker gets a salty toothbrush
Tried to get me fired, eh? Bad move!
Why is the server sitting at our VIP table?
No trash cans at McDonald's.
High school teacher sent this [letter](http://imgur.com/5nnrF5O) home with my daughter, and my reply
Oh yeah? How do you like a nice smelling pillow?
Coughing on his shitty-roommate's pillows just wasn't petty enough.
Petty Revenge - Dad Style
Turn off my lane, you're in it deep
Have fun entering my paperwork, tattle-tale
If you wanna ride my ass, you better have some patience.
My SO didn't like my small gifts
Sod delivery.
Rip off my coworker when selling him a car = lots of parking tickets.
Want me to clean up the kitchen? Don't berate me like I'm a child.
Hope you like getting mooned by trolls.
So I killed his cow
Try to embarrass me in front of your friends? I'll tell them your biggest secret.
Instant Karma for a restaurant server
[Annoying Neighbours] Bully 3 young girls in their home? Enjoy some petty revenge.
Treat me like a piece of meat, I'll make you drop your piece of meat.
Razor Blades and Car Stereos
Waiting on that long con revenge.
My manager wanted me to shave my beard‏
Loud sex at 50 feet away? Time to fry some chicken.
Hope you don't have too much trash this week.
last names..
Butt in front of me, and I'll block you.
Petty Jam Revenge
[META] Rudeness and nitpicking.
How I made a weirdo stop shoving garbage through my mail slot.
You're gonna hassle me when I'm giving you free food? Enjoy your cold egg rolls.
Enjoy your long walk of social anxiety
The Tuna Lady
RFR (request for revenge):
Pull on my bathers? Enjoy your cold shower.
Use all the hot water and blame me? The tables have turned.
Accuse me of stealing? Sleep less comfortably than normal.
Help! My girlfriend is a cheater and I'm unsupervised at her house for the next 5 hours...
Twice as Petty
My managed wanted me to shave my beard
Double Park Douche
If you are mean I'll give you small chicken strips
clerk always watchs me a little to intent. after gaining trust I seek my opportunity. I saw the sub and had to share the joy I felt tat day.
Not going to wait
Not going to wait
Help!
Cut in the security line at the airport? TSA gets some revenge.
This Is What Happens When You America &lt;----(the verb form)!
Roll your eyes and throw your receipt makes the store alarms go beep beep beep.
Not touching your power cord.
Petty revenge on EXTREMELY rude Ebay seller. (Xpost r/bestof)
Sucked In My Child
Freshmen Drinking - parents revenge
Enjoy your new phone
More gas than you paid forSlow buildup, sharp revenge on an asshole at work.
Don't make your kid pickup after himself? You have to wait.
Can't read the sign? Let me help.
That'll teach you to park in front of my house
Best job interview revenge yet.
No donuts for you
Oh you asked for potatoes?
We're not allowed to touch your stale bagels? Enjoy having no ice.
my cheating ex boyfriend was on MTV's "Becoming" and I MUST FIND THE EPISODE
Self Service Machine
Keep the Tip, bitches.
Annoying possessive roomate
Cruise Control Pettyness
No WiFi for me because of Destiny? Okay.
How I mess with Starbuck Baristas who likes to mess with names!
Eggcellent
Wanted dimes? Too bad you were an ass!
Waste my time and use dishonest tactics? I'll waste your time right back!
I am going 10 over, still tailgating me? Here, let me show you something..
Enjoy setting your clock again
We wait, we watch, we conquer.
Rude customers forgot keys, I watched the struggle.
Brightlight me? Enjoy the speed limit.
Good luck getting a full nights rest
Too bad that high horse can't charge through the security door.
About 12 items?
Drag my family into your drama? Enjoy restricted internet.
A Teacher's revenge
Bathroom etiquette part 2
Harmless revenge on an a-hole ex boyfriend.
Let your dogs bark? I'm gonna blast my music.
Found a troll's identity.
This guy hopefully will be pissed.
Try to scam me will you?
Drive close behind me even though you could have overtaken? Small inconvenience for you
Exerting what little power I have over rude vendors.
Think you can cut into the only grocery line? Joke is on you.
You want to be a jerk after I've had a long day? Enjoy your just desserts.
We already left!
Make fun of me? Guess what your son knows?
Get shafted outta my job and provided equipment with no valid reason, employers get back a husk of a rig
The 7-11 girl
Stall a chess game? Hope you like waiting.
Be rude to me and not offer me a drink? I'll go enjoy something you're forbidden from having!
Hurt my hand? Have fun with freezing ears!
Oh, so you can play music loud? So can I.
Suffer in awkward silence.
Leave tools around and you loose you'll privileges
Spray water on my windshield? I'll show you!
What happens when occasional office mates can't tidy up after themselves? They get to deal with a minor but everlasting irritation.
Grumble grumble scoff spoilers bitch
Revenge against a douche using prankdialer
Being Cheap is Expensive
Fratboy Assblaster
Laugh at me for running? Miss the train.
So you're going to keep passive-aggressively turning ALL the lights on and then COMPLAIN when you don't get your way? AKA "The Battle of The Lights"
Yell at me for using my own power? Deal with this, then.
That was my parking space bitch
Set your shit in my friends spot and walk away? Good luck finding your page
Talking crap? Enjoy all those sexual toy recommendations
Petty revenge ideas needed against racism
Buzz me while I'm cleaning up after my dog at your peril
Can't be bothered to read the tabs? You will be exposed!
You don't want to put your laundry in the basket and just toss it on the floor? Enjoy smelling like a foot.
Unleashed a torrent of fury tonight at Target.
Got fired
Quick and dirty.
So you want to copy me during the assessment...
Political Awareness
No sir...You are not special and I can't ring you up.
Two for the price of one
Don't mess with my lawn.
Rude Vegans at Subway
Read my messages and I show you some nice pics
Revenge Is Sweet
Imunna eat your ice cream
My ex-boyfriend was a slovenly pig who regularly trashed our home.
Yell at me for doing my job? Get labeled as a non swimmer!
Make my snowboard shiny, OK I will.
Won't do your job? Enjoy working harder, asswipe.
Noisy Upstairs Neighbors Silenced
Mock me for having a healthier lifestyle, good luck with your new diet bitches.
Just another Parking story
Try to get me in trouble with the stewardess for not turning off my phone? Then wait.
Sock Scavenger
Just being friendly...
I can read. Can you count?
Everyone's lunch is ONE hour, that includes you asswipe
Text and drive? Enjoy looking stupid.
Messed with my teenage brothers homework, really wish I could see his teachers face on Monday!
My shorts are weird??? Better go change them!
Last minute customers are the worst..
12 items in the 8 items or fewer line
You Want Me Back? Quadruple my Salary Motherf**ker
To Fool a Mockingbird
Injure my friend and be rude to the waiter? Enjoy the fight with your boyfriend and that salsa stain on your dress.
Call me stupid? Enjoy not having your iPad for a few days.
I purposely caused a guy to run out of gas.
Be careful its hot
Sorry for the inconvenienceProselytizing? Talk to the door!
Forcing your housemate to answer the door for your delivery food? Unacceptable.
Don't a dick and pay your small copay with a hundred dollar bill
Desperately need revenge ideas for an office coworker.
Adding to the shit he talks.
Fine, I'll turn right!
But... Nitrogen
The car horn under the bath
Hare Krishnas
Don't lie to your father.
Facebook Spammer
Gee. Now how could that have broken already?
Cut in the elevator line? You'll face severe consequences.
School closes cross country locker room.
Neighbor complains to the landlord?
Kill them with kindness, not softness
The best type of revenge: no-blinker lane-changing revenge.
Petty revenge by ways of Insane Clown Posse.
Shitty customer
Theft = Chipmunk
So my roommate wouldn't stop leaving giant clumps of hair in the shower
Winning the break-up
Accidental email forward? I'll explain everything to you like you're five.
Steal my phone? Smell my fart!
My best friends ex
Smoke signals
Pretty petty yet an ounce of revenge is worth a pound of satisfaction.
I'd like a HONK with a side of HONK and a HOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONK to drink
Shower revenge on some pesky neighbors
The world provided it's on revenge
Mean old lady sending letters gets what she deserves.
Did someone forget their keys?
I don't even like soda that much...
The meaner you are, the better I smell
The evil stepmom
Petty revenge on the worlds worst roommate.
Maybe I speak Chinese, maybe I don't... be careful what you say.
Petty revenge on pizza chain restaurant
That's what you get for showing up 1 minute before we close
Turns out there is only a 20 second delay on karma.
Petty Revenge Strikes Again!
What would you do if a bitch steals your parking spot and tells you to f#cK off because her hubby's a cop!
A hooker stole my mom's iphone...
Expect me to clean up and I will not
Better not steal my drink again bitch.
I don't think our marriage will ever be the same... (x-post from r/confession)
Tech support revenge
This girl stole money from me, what should I do?
Best Ass Penny Stories
Kill'em with Kindness
Representing the alma mater
Having trouble paying attention to the road? Let me help you with that.
No bowls? No water for you
Motorcycles, mirrors and shit parking
Think it's more important for you to get where you're going than me? Sit in traffic a bit longer.
Angry gamer brother
Bad camping neighbors
Waste 15 seconds of my time? I'll waste 30 of yours.
Parents demanded a wedding invite.
Drive right on my bumper for ages then then intimidate next car you get to while in a company vehicle? Guess what company I’m about to call, mofo? (Comes with bonus revenge).
Gonna stiff the pizza guy and be a bitch? Enjoy peeling your pizza off the top of the box!
You want my supervisor? Sure, but he's not as nice as me
iPhone Battle Royale!
Made a fuss over nothing? Get even less.
outmaneuvering an office IP chiseler
HA! I showed you!
Stealing will give you herpes
Made everyone think you elbowed me in the boob, even yourself
I'll Eat Your Meat
I got my revenge by honoring his request.
My roommate thinks my room is a free-for-all, so that must mean hers is as well, right?
A family history of sorts
My coworker asked me to save some boxes for him.
Mmmmmm...leg room!
Turn down my bro rudely at a party? You can't have this bear
Should I pay the cover charge for my roommate's birthday party?
Got back at the nosy neighbor lady
Ignore me when it suits you? Fine, I make you work harder.
Be an inconsiderate jerk at the gas pump? I'll block you in.
Stealing doesn't pay, especially online.
Petty, and maybe a bit boring, but devastating.
I got back at my bully. Twice.
Selling donuts really isn't fun
My girlfriend just decided to start ignoring me to flirt with other guys. She's a copywriter on Fiverr so....
Don't tell me how to do my job.
Annoy me at my favorite movie and then accuse me of being rude? I withhold knowledge!
Penny beer night and you decide my watch is 15 minutes fast? Have 50 pennies as a tip
Little fucker learns his lesson
HA-HA! TAKE THAT, MOM! I WIN!
Steal my beer empties? I'll get my sweet petty revenge.
Kiss my dog's ass. (Request)
Tutoring.
The pettiest revenge I've ever gotten
ok, so I flip stuff for a living on cl. motor vehicles a good bit.
Enjoy your complementary drinks...
Break Up A Marriage and Treat Your Step-Kids Like Shit?
[NSFW]Tea bagging a beer.
What to do to a pathological two faced lying cunt
Fire me, lose your tax credit
Letting a dog pooping on my lawn. Not cool.What to do to a pathological lying two faced cunt.
If you were really tough you would have done something
Waste an entire week of my time? Payback's a bitch.
Class clown gets dummied up during a lecture
Turn off your fucking brights.
Flash your crack at me? Get an ass full of fire.
I just got comfy, and now you want me to do what?
Scavenger hunt in the library?
Please wait for assistance.
Please wait for assistance.
Stop complaining, old man.
Crosswalk? Crosswalk.
You want to keep clipping my heels while I'm shopping? You get a face full of stinky ass crack.
Taxi driver gets ripped off, but then gets revenge!
Wawa employee is a mean liar.
Who's ready to unpack now?
Don't take the weights off my bar
Neighbor petty revenge for crapping on my lawn and the change of mind.
So... you want to play that game?
Carma has a sense of humor for ex
Force me to play sport I hate? I'll not listen to you and somehow score a goal.
To the lady that stole my phone
P
Paper thin wall hotel room
Loitering? Let's Meet the Taco Hash Slinging Slasher
No, you may not cut ahead of me
So you don't like Pokemon?
Meet the Taco Hash Slinging Slasher
Want to Loiter? Eat Tacos!
Won't control your children? I guess I'll have to step up
Don't be a bitch
Petty public humiliation for douchey ex
How to ruin a practical joker's whole day.
Gonna be rude, enjoy your sub!
Kid tries to scam free food from Taco Bell
The time I did nothing
I am not a morning person
Sic the usher on me? Have some gas!
Picking on a defenseless kid? I hope you enjoyed your lunch while it was going in.
Weightlifting petty revenge
Health Class Revenge
Friends revenge on litterbug
No smoke for you.
Gonna be a jerk? Well then I'm taking THIS.
Nominate me for ALS ice bucket, I won't react!
Almost late to class and only one spot available to park.
My brother wanted a midnight snack
A bartender's petty revenge
Gonna be a pain in the ass again? Enjoy having no A/C!
Revenge against a cheap roommate
When the resident manager could never get my name right
My father gets revenge on people blocking his driveway
I've never posted to this sub, but I'm too proud not to share.
At first I felt a little guilty...
Some dude made a terrorist joke on a bus, I turned it on him in a way he never expected...
I got my bucket back
Does this story work for you guys? (x-post /r/movingday)
Petty revenge served fresh by the trashmen.
Don't tailgate me!
Petty Revenge in Retail.
Drink my water will you?
Lazy roommate is also an idiot
The shopping cart is not your trashcan
I may have taken it too far but I had a bad day.
Learn to say "Excuse Me"
How to deal with inconsiderate parking jobs
Petty revenge and dead spiders...
"The Return of Sprinkles Bitch" and introducing my new petty revenge victim...
How to appease a housemate with a butter fixation.
Petty Revenge On My Chihuahua
Bleached Upholstery
Friend leaves me to see band alone at festival
Honking will get you nowhere!
Honking
Cheated on and dropped....probably illegal I'm guessing.
Pull finance on my customer at the last minute...get signed up for porn!
Driver tailgates me when there are open lanes to the left
Voldemort strikes back
I didn't need your stupid old house anyway.
How my cat helped me get back at my ex
My grandfathers vintage petty revenge......
Gucci and Tonic
Extra-spicy tacos
A postmortem revenge story...
Seeking fellow trolls for revenge.
Theatre employee steals phone and tries to sell on Facebook group.
Use the proper park or wait for me...
Eat your daughter's ice cream? Shame on you.
Customer laughed when my voice cracked while talking to him... jokes on him I spat in his burger.
The universe fucked my ex over for me.
Dr. Strange-ex or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Upper-Decker
Hungry, heavy-set peoples revenge.
I like to help with dishwasher job security
Back out of a deal, two can play that game.
A brand new BMW even birds love!
All the money in NY is from upstate
Cranky concert goer gets what she deserves.
At least try to care about your kid
Health class revenge
More effort in the revenge than the classHealth Class Revenge
Some petty ass revenge
An angry customer makes a fool of herself.
Soggy Solution....
Health Class Revenge
Health Class Revenge
Enjoy your sandwich.
My ex-landlord is a "millionaire" so he shouldn't mind.
Make my bookmark fall out? Good luck in the kitchen.
Two short incidences of petty revenge from my bakery cashiering days
Two-faced cow
Take your summer course too seriously? Fine. That doesn't mean I must, or shall.
No salad tonight
I'm a petty asshole.
Your name is stupid and I hate you
Florida heat brings out the best in me
Bag-stabbing my bum?
Hope you liked it watered down.
Dumb worker at KFC laughs when I stumble on my way to toilet; so I got her fired. Who's laughing now?
What things would you do to annoy somebody you live with?
Your room is not yours
Guy was a dick while I was ringing him up
Petty revenge at it's finest!
I'm going to humiliate this guy to our entire town. Including his parents. Why? He hurt me - mentally and physically.
Abandon me at a bar to smoke a joint? Well...
Being an asshole isn't funny.
My best friend replaced me with a new best friend, how do I get revenge?
I think this sub has left its "petty" roots...
I think my petty revenge just got petty revenged
Want to get me into trouble for your mistake? I'll make you waste some time.
Park in MY driveway? Have fun waiting.
Always tip your pizza drivers
If you are an internet/social media/web application know it all, make sure to register your domain.
Update on obnoxious parking
Credit card minimum at Subway?
Don't pick up after your dog? I will leave it at your door.
Leave me behind and you'll look bad.
Be a bitch to one of my family members? Time to exact some petty revenge.
Hello, I'm from Windows. Windows tele-scammer, meet airhorn.
A delicious drink.
I wasn't even involved, dreams over.
Impatient FedEx driver
If I can't have it, you can't have it.
Road Rage payback
Not sure if technically revenge, but definitely justice boner material
Be rude to me for doing my job? You don't get cake.
The Great Street Parking Hunt 2014
i need help
The sound of silence
The cat litter isn't the only thing that stinks..
Next time, try asking nicely.
Petty revenge on my cheap roommate
That'll teach you to park like an asshole.
Lie to me and ruin my beautiful ring that you swore you could re-size? I'll be keeping my $90, thank you very much.
You abused an animal and then cried about being the real victim. I'll gave you something to cry about.
Treat my truck like a dumpster will you!
You wanna talk shit? Lets talk shit.
Here, let me allow you to pass.
Help My Friend Prove a Point
Impatient driver is just going to have to wait for the light to turn green again
Sidewalk Hog
Have fun wiping your ass with paper towels.
Free Car Wash
Guy always called me dumb.
Let's play a game...
Don't burn your bridges
Annoying neighbor calls cops about my parking, then gets a ticket
Justice is Served - With a Side of Fries
Turn about is fair play, Bulimia Sparkles
Freshman Theft Payback
Obnoxious kids at car show
40 Minute wait for NOTHING
Wireless company tricks me with fine-print? Well, have fun chasing me and my debt for years...
You block our parking spot? Enjoy the 'one ticket per day' party!
A tailgater gets a surprise.
Loud, rude neighbour temporary fix.
Skimp me on my Chipotle meat? I'll show you..
Opposing football player blows a fuse and gets ejected from the game because he's an asshole
Roommate smoked some of my weed without asking.
Don't throw erasers at me
Crazy old Republican lady kicked a cat, I'm making sure she gets intimately acquainted with every Democrat currently in the news
Petty escalator revenge
If you serve bad food, this is what you get!
Hairy sink
Take that, you bitch!
Fake ads - se faire des amis folle
So, is it heavy enough for you?
Free Lotto Tickets??
Take over my dinner plans again?
A Commuter's Lament
Chinese Car Shuffle
I know how light switches work...
Annoying neighborhood kids
Unveiling A Fake Anorexic Girl
Probably Unintentional by Chris Pratt, but I like to think he did it on purpose as Petty Revenge...
Gramma's Revenge
Yesterday I figuratively destroyed some bitch who was tailgating me.
Why she's my best bud
The idiots next door and their "malfunctioning" alarm
Typical sharing-a-room bullshitBulimia Sparkles has struck again...this time with a bus!
Petty Revenge All Around
Revenge on someone with a "better than you" complex
You didn't even attempt to stop? Cool, now you can't drive properly
I will provide you with unwanted wake up calls!
Team kill on purpose and then server hop? I'll show you.
"Brake checked" my eighth grade english teacher
How my uncle got banned from his son's school's carpool club
Obnoxiously loud music? Find another place to park.
2 inches? I'll give you 2 inches!
Once a cheater, always a cheater. An epic story of revenge on my ex.
Enjoy a file format you can't use!
Don't count your own waste? That's cool.
Try to destroy my presentation? You better be ready for yours.
No peanut oil? No problem.
Here's what the damn flag looks like, idiot.
I don't even need the voucher anymore to be honest.
Where is YOUR pencil case?
My Cake, Lady
No, I read the book
Don't care about our plans? Neither do I.
Try to make me do your work?!
Scare little kids? Time for some payback.
Make me work a double and I'll drag your name through the mud.
Bathroom etiquette
I waited 2 hours in line.
Unrealized revenge months later.
I just dumped 3 full glasses of water in the office garbage can
A rude technician from my Internet provider called me at work today...
Steve is not wrong, just an asshole
I hope your gynecologist appointment goes well!
Boyfriend shouldn't have left his reddit open on my computer...
This is what happens when you trash talk your co workers
Need some revenge advice.
So you're just gonna pass out? Socks to be you.
Interrupting me while I am helping a customer will cost you a petty penny
Miss Priss and the Tomato Pies
Don't be a jerk to the person who makes your labels.
Insulted a good friend? Say goodbye to your deviantart account.
I pissed in my roommates' liquor bottles
Girlfriend downloaded spotify
Late Night Laundry Doing Neighbors
Drive like an asshole and cut me off for no reason in a construction zone? Hope I scared you.
Squeeze in Asshole
Lazy breaks my grade in school? Oh hellllll no!
Pettiness on the road
Ex Friend refuses to pay me for a bed I sold him. I can I discreetly make it unusable for him?
Enjoy your traffic ticket, you jerk.
Flithy disgusting roommate
No, don't try to get on the subway until people get off.
Derta revenge (dota 2)
Misbehaving kindergarteners? Enjoy the slightly longer wait for your utensils!
Right Back At Ya.
Very Petty Revenge on Bus Driver
Fuck your tv shows
Got your phone. Good luck with your panic attack...
Get off my ass!
Insult me? All your base are belong to us!
http://www.gofundme.com/czmdeo
You tailgate, I tailgate. That's fair, right?
Dealing with roommates
Public Parking
Found videos of my ex having sex with other girls on my laptop, need revenge tactics ASAP.
Reddit I need revenge help!
Endless Waiting
Pay for being a bitch, literally
Being jealous can come back to bite you.
The mail in rebate was a lie...
You can take your RC boats and shove them up your...
More reasons to be polite at a hotel
Roommate's Diet Coke
Of sidewalks and shoveling
Put your car's butt in front of my driveway? Huh, would you look at the grass...
Revenge against an annoying kid
Enjoy your $50 chunk of melted plastic, jerk!
Tiny vengeance against vulgar yuppies
Whoops, your toothbrushes scraped the inside of the toilet bowl?... my bad.
How to get back at your Highschool bully
Acting entitled to unlimited grabs at my butt? Your shit will stink for the rest of the night, good sir.
How I humiliated my Highschool bully and stopped future bullying, and how I one upped my graduating class
How I beat, humiliated mu Highschool bully and how I one upped my entire Highschool graduating class in the process
Small Penis Cars, Gay Porn and Fuck The Police [ONSFW]
Shame an entire class for their "mindless" writing errors? Nosh on a little shame yourself, professor
SIT. DOWN.
Don't want to let me have my small victory, eh?
You Can Take Your RC Boats and Shove Them Up Your...
Enjoy paying $3 more a pound, bitch
Keep me up, then type how you talk.
Eating all my food out of the communal fridge? Here help yourself to some fecal brownies.
Keep sipping on my drink? I hope you like hot sauce.
Keep stealing my sugar, I'll ruin that cup of coffee you just paid for.
My mom was bitching at me about how "Unsanitary" my room was...
Try to cheat me out of my only golf tournament win? Hell nope.
Want to keep bumming smokes? Enjoy the temporary speech impediment.
Take THAT Comcast!
Don't do your dishes? Good luck enjoying your favorite show.
Obnoxious parking
The Coffee Creamer Thief
Flying shovel for the win.
Ignore the signs? Have fun leaving.Coworkers eat my sandwiches.
Don't even offer me the bed for one night?
Shitty Schedule
Be a jerk to my in-laws? Welcome to pettyrevenge.
Don't tell me how to draw a circle! (Warning: Math inside)
No I will not accept your apology!
Help plan a petty revenge
I might have ruined the career of an entitled twat graduate student with a superiority complex.
Yes, I heard your name loud and clear
I found this fantastic revenge-story yesterday.
You ruin my day, I'll ruin your night.
Dont mess with my recordings.
That's not my name.
Throw your money at me, you throw your money away
Junk mail WILL be delivered!
Rigging a Copley Medal simulation in college.
How I stopped the bullies.
Abortive revenge.
Here is a retelling of one of the best revenge stories I have to offer.
Carhop me? I've got your phone now.
PETTY REVENGE REQUEST! Awkward handsy couple in line at Six Flags!
I just found this fantastic petty revenge story.
Take up three parking spots. Not on our watch.
Invite me out then change your mind? Enjoy the extra cab fee.
BIG BROTHER watches your dog shit.
This was very nice to see
Operation Demon Daycare
"Tail gate me will you?" and "Bad dog!"
Airshow Revenge
Stealing parking space at the mall.
The armrest is to be shared or not used at all
Is this petty?
Breakfast b***
You don't wanna piss off the quiet one.
You don't wanna piss off the quiet one.
Fuck your poop schedule
Box in my car, search for your keys
Whiteney Houston vs Cannibal Corpse.
Beep you back…
Sorry, you aren't getting back the things you worked hard for. Or your shirts.
Decided to go a little Bette Midler on beer-drinkin' truck owners
No we will not let you cut in front of us...or behind us
Shit on his car hood
Rude theatre goer gets his comeuppance!
Park your convertible like an asshole? FEAR MY WRATH.
The Haddaway War.
Be a bitch about a disability I can't just get rid of? Have fun with your eardrums bursting.
Enjoy
Accidental Revenge on Foreign Vigilante, Abroad
Using your phone and being entitled about it? Petty revenge incoming.
You want mushrooms, huh? Oh, you'll get mushrooms…on my terms.
I'm sorry, I'm not Google Maps.
Refuse to pay? You get emails FOREVER.
I caught a classmate cheating off of me once
Step away from the tokens you little shit
Don't mess with my kid.
That's what you get for ruining my breakfast
"Think your so smart?"
Petty revenge freaks out my mom.
Stop looking at her ass.
Oh no, THANK YOU
I will not wish you a good day, ma'am!
Cut me off 100 yard from the intersection, and then turn the same way I'm turning?
He's paying rent in tomatos
Don't EVER mess with my video games
Cinnamon rolls have never tasted so good
I know I'm an alcoholic. Sit outside my bathroom door, on my bed, shit-talking my drinking problem to my husband while denying your own issues? I got an idea for you.
(5th Grade Revenge Story) Tell on me when I say a bad word? I'll tell on you when you piss yourself.
Bitches at Walmart be like...
Would you like a wipe for that?
Tactical Tele-Toilet
Don't take a debater's pen
[meta] When someone unsubscribes, the CSS should screw something up for the person ever so slightly.
Be an ass to the server, get kicked out and banned from the owner!
Enjoy your lipstick!
Minecraft Private Eye
Unpleasant cheesecake surprise
I did a breadful thing once... *punspunspuns*
Won't switch me one shift, then you talk shit about me? Have fun bitching about your NEW late night shifts bitch.
There goes your tip
Be brutal. She deserves it.
Buying every pie in BK to spite shitty parent/child.
Don't belittle people, and you'll have a better life.
Tastes Like Chicken
Meanest thing I ever did to one of my students.
Noisy neighbours vs. elevator
At the car wash baby
Man Buys 23 Burger King Apple Pies to Spite a Small Child
The meanest thing I did in high school.
Swear at Customer service, Enjoy looking like an idiot!
Say my name!
Sweet and Spicy
Sister gets revenge on demanding patient
Stop stealing my drink.
2 Incidents with a little Danny DeVito clone
Won't Do The Dishes?
Let your child act like a monster and scream profanity, don't get any pie.
Parking by the door
Bad attitude over a simple query? Enjoy your new name, Darah
Keep parking in my spot will you?!Happy New Year, bitch.
Act like a little shit? I'll make you smell like one
My neighbors obnoxiously loud sex, mock them but louder
The one time I admired my mom.
Act like a little shit, I'll make you smell like one
Don't play the (literal) game player.
How $1.00 cost you hundreds
Starbucks Drive Thru Circus
Treat my apartment like crap? How about a mouse infestation?
This story always makes me smile.
Ice to meet you, again.
You don't get the right of way just because you're on a motorized scooter, lady!
Manager schedules me on a day I requested off weeks in advance, I go over his head
Insult me? I won't help you clean up!
Petty Door Holding revenge
I am always up for a challenge
Never bring me food from your jobs? Enjoy nothing from my job.
Learn to respect women (NSFW) W/ Pic
Dear Scumbag Landlord, hope you like the smell of old cheese
Man Buys 23 Burger King Apple Pies to Spite a Small Child
I know telemarketers suck, but...
To the Guy Bought All the Pies @ Burger King, You Made the "News"(?)
The toilet avenger
Bully me in highschool then ask me to fix your internet 4 years later?
Congrats guys! You're trending again!
Use hacks to kill me through walls in Rust? Hope you enjoy your personal information and facebook link posted in the game chat.
Keep Taking Two Spots, One Day You'll Learn Your Lesson.
Always be loud as fuck and never shut up
Revenge is a dish best served with zeros behind it.
Toilet paper roll
Tailgating? I hope you like birds.
Eat the cabinet!
Be a shitty customer? Get a shitty product.
Too lazy to train your dog?
Abuse emergency services? Have a seat.
You wanna get shitty with me, lady? I'll make your ears pop.
Leave my cereal boxes open? Hope you like stale Cheerios.
Flip shit on me over nothing? See ya.
Receipt Revenge
Minecraft server no more.
Ruin my art; eat my shart.
Cream Crackered
Forget to introduce me? I'll ruin your joke.
Speak to me like I'm an idiot because of my job? Fine by me.
Delicious Revenge
You wanna get shitty with me? I'll make your ears pop!
Oh so you wanna get shitty with me, lady? Then I'll make your ears pop.
Quitting in Style
Scooby snacks
Don't pay me? Fine lets call the Colonel.
Don't want to talk to tech support? Let me pronounce your name in a way that describes how you're acting!
Want to show off your car speakers? Not today.
Sure... I'll wash your clothes...
Don't be a douche knocker on the plane and you won't be called out and embarrassed in front of everyone else.
Revenge is a dish best served...at whatever temperature you see fit.
Petty revenge on a cat.
Won't pay me for landscaping? Here have a jungle gym!
An eye for an eye...?
Your pathetic lies do not go unnoticed
Try to block my car? Nope
Cue in Halo intro music, 9 year old psycho rage ensues.
Not invited to a family holiday
Not going to be polite? Then neither am I.
You shall not pass.... Without waiting around 4 minutes give or take...
Old lady revenge
The pettiest of petty revenge
Douchebag kid gets a faceplant into the dirt
Public Display of Affection
Los Angeles Times telemarketers in the late 80s, early 90s (and who knows? Maybe still -- I moved away around 92).
Bull in the china closet of people's minds!
Don't pay me for the job, you don't get to play pool.
Chinese cabbie
Bringing justice upon the line cutter!
Just stumbled across this subreddit...here is my petty revenge.
Hey let me pack a bong!
Get rid of your own rubbish!
Payments don't always come in cash.
WiFi thermostat petty revenge in Amazon review (X-post from /r/funny)
Remote thermometer revenge (Not mine)
Don't cut me off
feel like this makes up for the years of bullying
Roommate relentlessly accused me of trying to steal her boyfriend. So I did, along with quite a number of other belongings.
Cone me twice, shame on on me.
Tom Mabe tells story about getting revenge against people who destroyed his snowman when he was 8.
How to waste a telemarketer's time and money
I will buy all the pies (xpost from r/offmychest)
Annoying phone calls: Double revenge!
Ungrateful sister with guinea pigs.
Orange juice revenge
Close my tabs and my wifi will announce what you may or may not do for money in your spare time to my neighborhood
I'm going to infect myself with chlamydia, fuck my ex boyfriend who cheated on me, &amp; then get myself treated.
Danger in the Air: Silent but Deadly
Buy you a drink, never!
Park in the Disabled Persons' Parking spot will you!
SHE TOOK THE HOUSE, THE DOG AND THE 401K. BUT I STILL CONTROL THE THERMOSTAT!
I'ma murder that bitch with water
Tailgating
thr111 tells the story of a bad mother, a spoiled child, and a shit ton of pies.
Neighbor likes to make lots of noise at 3am. Paid him back at 8am.
Fantastic pretty revenge from a betrayed ex- husband. X-post from r/funnyOh, I'll make you a sandwich alright...
First thing in the morning
Over Protective Dad loses out on the PERFECT picture of his daughter.
Enjoy your pizza, bitch.
[UPDATE] Petty revenge for a petty act
Your pizza was delicious!
No, your pizza isn't free.
Want some free drinks? Don't care where they come from? Here you go, bitch.
Smelly Revenge on a Cat
Tiny Laundry Day Revenge
Trashy rednecks spend themselves into the poor house through their own stupidity
Ex-roommate tries to use my name to get out of trouble; ends up screwing herself over (wait... there's more!)
Use all of my toothpaste? Enjoy the sweet smell of vengeance.
Want some apple crumble? Go get it yourself
Lowering my co-workers' morale? Cutting positions and pay? Feel my wrath! (x-post /r/pics)
Yooooouuuuuuuu!!!!
Traumatize me and throw me out like an old rag will you?
Petty revenge on an ex
Invisible butterflies and Bumpity bump bump bump!
Constantly Calling Me to Sell Your Product? Fine!
"There's that smell again"
Revenge at the demolition derby
I think I got served some petty revenge
I call an ol buddy of mines hundreds of times a day.
Throw my stuff away, and I'll throw yours away
Used to work at McDonalds..guy gives me a LOT of change
I Hate Crappy Parking
How do I get back at my cunt bag of a sister?
Pass on the shoulder? Don't expect me to back you in your fender-bender!
After no less than 50 scam calls in the last 24 hours, I got fed up.
Why Yes, These *Are* New Shoes!
Bro, keep your hands off my patties or I'll spray you with water
You just screwed yourself out $.15, bub.
Excuse me, you left something behind!
Don't be a dick on a family trip
Loan Phone Scammer
Wrestling Event Revenge
Don't want to wait to pull forward to pump your gas?
A petty bit of dusty revenge.
Roommate dumped my fresh-ground coffee
I park at that loading dock, Mr. maintenance guy, not you!
Thanks for making my dog happy!
Revenge on a Cow
Be excluding to your other cousins? Have a dog eaten sandwich.
Eat all my food while I fix your phone? Have fun explaining this one...
You've got something on your...never mind.
Dog revenge
Petty TV Revenge
Mess with me, I mess with your pictures.
In-game revenge against EA.
(Gaming) Some Battlefield Revenge
Keep me awake with your coughing?
Replace the toilet paper.
Resident's revenge
Petty Revenge Backfires
Be rude to me and my girlfriend? No dumplings for you.
Won't let me shop in peace? Have spider lashes.
Revenge on Mr Snarky.
When you screw me out of my morning coffee...
Herpes Revenge
Petty revenge for a petty act
Oh. You're missing the shit you didn't put away? How terrible.
Enlightened reading
Doctor's Office Revenge
I still feel kind of shitty about it.
Ticket giveaway!
Tidal wave revenge
Some fire for your cold, cold heart.
Keep your music to yourself, or find yourself enjoying my tastes in music
$1.00 Amusement Park Water Jet Revenge
Butterflies, Everywhere
You don't like waiting huh?
You're a Jerk at work? Enjoy your GoT spoiler.
So you want to fish huh?
Reddit, maybe you can do me a favour...
Milky Revenge From Hell
I Hope You Like the Cold...
There is a place for everything...
On deployment
Revenge is a dish best served... erm.... well, a little chilly, I suppose.
Leave me a messy house? Have fun blowing your nose.
"Bags are expensive"
Joke about where i am from, the joke backfired.
More Lazy programmer gets a taste of my own medicine.
I made a 7 year old cry.
Small telemarketer revenge.
Whenever someone comes into the bathroom...
My in laws wanted to "gift" us...
If you constantly jerk someone around, make sure they don't have anything that could be used against you.
have fun with this.
Petty Revenge... on me?
You called down the thunder, now reap the whirlwind
Mother Karma's petty revenge, she realized a certain archery club sucked.
Revenge with a side of BBQ
Piss me off? I'll cover your clothes with my deodorant that you hate
Get snarky with me? Get a noseful of this!
Don't mess with the movie, sis.
Be an asshole, get your water replaced.
Don't Mess With Your Tattoo Artist
Coffee with a side of revengeSwear at me, you are in for a walk.
Can't wait for the train to stop? take that
Scream at me at night will ya, you'll find a surprise tomorrow morning
One little, two little, three little days
Need some help with a neighbor that keeps taking our parking spot.
I'll get all the gas rewards, grandad!
Familial Revenge
Steal my food, get publicly shamed
How rude of you... and me.
Hair in my beer
Yell at me? I steal your job.
I mean, if we're on the topic of telling the truth....
I make your consumables...don't be rude!
Would you like some petty revenge with that?
Talk dirty, get dirty.
The wrath of checkout workers knows no limits
Have an attitude because you don't want to answer my questions? No change for you.
Have your secret meetings out in the hot sun!
A bug bit me...
Annoying customer is about to receive tons of annoying emails.
Don't mess with the IT guy
Truly petty revenge this morning during my commute using public transportation.
Screenshot Madness
Picture wars
Revenge ideas for online jerk?
Be a bitch? Say goodbye to any down time you had.
A frat brother raped me and my sorority sisters let it happen so I shut them down
Satisfying end to someone intentionally splashing me with their car.
We don't do passive aggressive man ........ let's talk about this.
Drunk and yelling at 3am? Challenge accepted.
Don't dare eat my food
Steal my chocolate? Enjoy your biscuits.
Throw away my memories? Have fun with my toenails.
Be rude to me, lose out on an upgrade.
No Guys!
Flies and macaroni
It's like a game of leap frog mixed with tag.
Not everything in the house belongs to you. Personal Rule 1: Don't fuck with me or my stuff.
The Internet never forgets
That's not shampoo dumb ass
Pearly whites.
Fuck with me, then I fuck with your coffee.
Mess up my desk!? I'll take your Craisins AND your mug!!
Lazy programmer gets a taste of my own "Medicine".
A clean stripe of petty revenge.
Too important to stand up for 15 minutes
Be a bitch when my best friends mom is dying will you???
Today I won a 35 cent battle.
How I caught my loophole-exploiting brother in a loophole... and got over $50 for it.
PET-ty Revenge: The Spoiled Stepford
Telemarketer sorry
My dog helps me get back at crazy neighbor
Chipotle doesn't like $100 bills
I want to out a person I know lives a double life
Gawp at an accident will you? Feel my passive aggressive wrath.
Lockdown for the summer holidays
Oh scammers, when will you learn...
My dispatcher called and woke me up for absolutely no reason. So I called him back and did the same.
Buy the bike I wanted? Have some gravel!
No Luxurious Down Comforters for Plan-Changing Tenants
Park over the line and take up 2 parks? Good luck getting into your car!
You just HAD to bang on the door like a cop while we were having sex, huh?
Guy kept standing on my foot on the tube...
Annoyed with landlord's nanny always showering in the morning when I want to, so today I got up early to use all the hot before she showered.
Tailgate me in a 30 mph zone? Enjoy going 5 under for a mile.
Petty revenge gone wrong on a white Mustang...
Hope you had another straw, bitch
Tailgate me on a 25mph road through town? There's one way to handle this sort of thing...
Enjoy your water.
My housemate kept me up last night. I'm returning the favor.
Kill my fish? Enjoy this smell for the next year!
Asshole dogs
Don't honk at me!
A petty pee story.
Subtle revenge on my ignorant coworker.
Johnny Quest
Kick me out of my sleeping spot and I'll make sure to slightly hamper your gaming experience
A simple post-it revenge
Petty revenge on the other man
Female hating on my long hair
Ruined my stepsister's birthday and got her banned from all clubs in town.
Don't fuck with my parking space and I won't fuck with you
I was a victim of petty revenge... Here is the story.
My Ongoing Revenge Against Crappy Coworker
Throw a soda can at my wife and I? Let me get you grounded for the rest of the summer.
Noisy neighbor at hotel gets early wake up call
Silly tailgaters, the speed limit is for licensed drivers!
Don't worry, I'll take care of your laziness
My revenge on my sister
Trash talk my girlfriend? Good luck with those vomit stains on your carpet, asshole.
Not sure if this counts as petty, but...
That unexplainable puddle you're standing in? That's my urine.
Act like I'm a machine? Enjoy your peanut dust!
Broke a bottle and stole a sign.
Not-so-petty... Kid gets parents to pay for massive grad party, lies to "Special Ed" kids about where/when. Parents then force him to pick the kids up personally and bring them to the party [X-Post from /r/AdviceAnimals]
I don't care how many people are in this lecture hall: that is my seat.
Be rude on the phone? Now you gotta wait!
Taking out my anger, one scrabble tile at a time!
Fighting the war on inconsiderate shoppers! Turns out I have major shopping rage.
Hate fucking my ex girlfriendHandicap Parking
My mother is such a badass, retro revenge
Roommate is a gross slob? NO BREAD FOR YOU
I like my revenge sweet and petty.
No Netflix for you!
Revenge as sweet as this sweet cream butter.
Why yes, I am still using this!
Evicted homeless occupying my bus stop
Let's see who keeping stealing my lighters now...
kittyrevenge
No queue etiquette, lesser breakfast.
UK truckers think they own the road.
I cleaned out five oven mitts and an entire drawer of dishes.
The story of my dad's midlife crisis...
When I have to do your job for you expect revenge.
Dont text me asking for drugs!
Any cashback? How about NO.
I'm sorry I annoyed you with my neighborliness.
Be an annoying, lazy worker? Cease to exist.
/r/pettyrevenge, I need your help!
Man - 1, Dog - 0.
Got a late night text
Motorcyclist cut me off
Petty revenge leads to a full blown meltdown
Yes, another traffic-related petty revenge story
Think you can still pull the Microsoft Service Center scam?
Interrupt my poo time and it's lights off!
Think you'll wake me up early? GUESS AGAIN
Have the nerve to tailgate me, do you?
Pick up your garbage, asshole!
let your little brat make a scene yell at me, ill make sure she doesnt stop complaining for the rest of the day.
A Wi-Fi for a Wi-Fi
feedback wanted: purellube
The batter is the best part
Be rude? I'll waste a few seconds of your life!!
Don't be a jerk...
F**k so loud I can her you through the walls? Enjoy the music.
Petty postal revenge!
I make rodents homes unpleasant
Take that Ocb! You eat the fee!
Damn scammers and how I got my sweet revenge!!
Give me a stink eye? I hope you like paying a fine.
Developer vs Desktop
Surly, stingy Subway Store
Don't park like a jerk.
Be an ass, no wifi for you
You want to tailgate me? I'll use a semi to block you in.
Cheap-shot me in a Rugby Match? You won't do that again!
If you alienate me, have fun struggling to pass the class
Cut the line, no morning coffee for you.
Sorry Lady, 12 Items or Fewer in the Express Lane
Collection of Petty Revenge experiences (mine and observed) on the road
Camp Vengeance, with Good Karma
How petty revenge prevented me from getting a speeding ticket
Rack your weights or lose your shit
Have a fingerprint!
Won't get me ice cream when you're in the kitchen but ask me to get you some when I get my own? Ok...
Teacher yelled at you? Don't wish her.
Political sabotage
Don't Fuck With Me
Students mocking a professor in a wheel chair lose their only free absence and the chance to review before the test
Cut me off in a turning lane? Enjoy being the idiot blocking the middle of the intersection.
Door banging neighbour gets his just reward
You have no money for me to take in the divorce.....
You can complain about the noise, but you don't mess with my cup of tea...
Always be nice to the assistant
Won't move so I can play my games? You don't get to play yours.
A-Hole Homeboy wannabees and their piece-of-shit lowrider
Call me lazy in front of customers?! I make you work.
My friend smacks his lips
My friend smacks his slips
Extra Cheese
I got it bad from one of my roommates...
Don't mess with my counter space!
Make me drive tired huh?
Once upon a time I pulled off a good insult.
Call me fat? I'll call you fat!
Be annoying? Enjoy repeatedly switching to the dashboard.
Office cleaner gets petty revenge on me!
How dare you vandalize my town!
Sometimes good revenge is had simply by not doing anything about it..
Food pettiness
One of my roommates managed to lock the deadbolt on her way out, and then left the country for a month, causing a little trouble for the rest of us trying to get in.
As petty as it gets - bitch blocked me for calling her a skank, so I ripped a years old patch out of a hoodie.
How's that pizza taste, bro?
Sign me up for SMS spam? Two can play that game.
Shower pettiness
The best and the worst of sibling rivalry
Spread nasty rumors about me? Enjoy your song...
Park in front of a fire hydrant and block my driveway? I'll ruin your party.
That is not my garbage can lid!
Enjoy your wall aisle, rude woman
You wanna try a new game?
Steal my chair?
I took the petty road....
Irritating classmate whilst typing this message
That dilemma when you're proven wrong but don't want to admit it
Eat a dick.
Pepperoni Revenge
You wanted it inside, didn't you?constantly block my view of the concert? enjoy working that much harder to get your beers.
Kitty Revenge: Vintage
Hope You're Dreaming of World Cup
Some Fitting Revenge
Try to drive for me? I think not.
The best revenge is living well
What do you do when trucks driving over your lawn ?
I can't go faster, it's called traffic...
Happy Birthday? Not any more...
Waiter Revenge
Oreos are bad for you
The Art of Fart
He annoys me? I ignore his cancer.
Ignore me? Have fun getting dressed.
Continuing the Cycle
What does your fortune say?
Don't mess with the people who provide the police with donuts
I delete his recorded shows
Enjoy your gross looking pennies
No, I don't want to play with you.
Revenge to the ex who took everything out on me. Showers make you look fat.
Use my stuff without permission? Yea go right ahead enjoy that.
retail revenge
Don't egg my house.
House hunting turned itchy
Petty Revenge on a coworker friend.
No, I didn't steal this mug.
$3 penny revenge.
Clean up your damn breadcrumbs or make some new insect friends
Not too busy now?
Don't be an asshat!
Not-so-subtle revenge on my inconsiderate backdoor neighbor.
If you open my door, close it.
Here's a Tip: You're an Asshat (long)
Threaten me with jail time, enjoy being soaked dickhead.
cheat on your husband of 18 years? have fun getting your work email sorted out.
Petty Revenge on a Cop
Act like a dick over Craigslist for sale item? Now you're giving a way a really nice couch, for free.
Knowingly Park your car against my truck, dont say I didn't warn you I'll need to push yours to get out.
Throw money at me? Have a warm drink.
Simon says, "Have some petty revenge"
I feel like a modern day Robin Hood
Cut in front of me in line? Enjoy these lady...
Make me work pointlessly until 7pm? Really?
You cut in front of me to get some food?! *Sniff sniff*
She didn't even notice
A simple story that happened to me just now.
You hit my car? Come back here, I want to show you something.
Make me work until 7pm while you do pointless shit? Dafuq?
My brother didn't let me sleep yesterday
Rear end me and blame me for it? Guess its going on her insurance.
Flip Me Off for No Reason? Road Debris Will Strike Your Car
Long term revenge
Don't mess with the tech
It can't hurt you...it's already dead
Revenge on me
Racist/Ignorant? No tip for you!
Darth Vader appears in my company's board room and enacts karma revenge. (Long)
Petty revenge twice
Feeding time revenge on bully cat
Cheat on me? Pettiest revenge of all
How dare you call me that!
Gross Punishment
You better be prepared to show me current insurance.
Bother me on my night of freedom? You freeze to death!
Need help getting revenge on stolen CC
How Darth Vader enacted my PettyRevenge for me
Oh, so you don't have a name?
Cut me off because 'you know it all'? Fine. I'll show you that you're wrong.
Don't park behind a stranger's house or you might get eggs in your car
Karma's Sweet Revenge!!!
"The Statistics of Petty Revenge" or "Procrastination and Regression"
A fruity revenge...
This little piggy kicked my seat, and this little piggy violated my personal bubble, and THIS little piggy...
Sexists finish last
Yell at my mum about parking in a disabled parking space? Better get your facts straight, son.
Steal my seat, feel my feet!
You bump into me and want ME to apologise?
Lazy Parking Lot Revenge
My continuous parking revenge.
Littering? NOT IN MY YARD!
I will crush you
I'll butter your popcorn real good...
Radio station caller revenge.
Is this "karma's a bitch plan" too mean?
Corrupt neighborhood watch
Parking Lot Revenge
Corrupt politicians
A truly wonderful spectacle
Traffic cones do not reserve a space
The 12-year-old versus the Convenience Store Clerk: the Modern David vs Goliath
You won't turn down the stereo at 2am? Enjoy not having any electricity for a while.
"Ladies should only drink wine."
PM me spoilers for a series I don't really care about? Have some GoT spoilers for your trouble! (no spoilers in this post, though!)
Is this shit too mean or a great lessen that karma's a bitch?
Drunk Douchebags Get Creamed
Oh did you want that last piece of cake? Maybe you shouldn't have taken my car away
Oh, it's your birthday?
I'm not allowed to wear my Indiana Jones hat, you say...
Take my pillow? Everyone faces school suspension.Petty revenge on an airplane
Self-checkout failure to compute.
My Cousin...
This bathroom stall is occupied, Sir.
Death by a thousand cuts
DUNCAN HOPKINS INCEEDIBLE REVENGE
Accidental petty revenge but felt kinda good.
Petty Barista Revenge
Kick... Kiiiiick...(sort of NSFW)
the thirst is strong with this one.
Blame me for your kid's bad behaviour? Say goodbye to your TV remote.
So That Final Scene....
Today I was forced to be the biggest douche at the gym [x/post from /r/fitness]
Macaron petty revenge
If you mess with your little sister around Easter time, you're going to have a bad time.
Petty revenge of the nerds.
Leave trash around the computer lab? Lumbergh's got my back!
My Sphincter: The Ultimate Tool of Petty Revenge
Fifth of July
Fishy revenge on a hit and run driver
Parenting Revenge
Loud hostel roommates won't let me sleep? Have fun waking up at 5 am in the morning.
Some ideas on blocking parametric speaker/ultrasonic harassment?
Make me work on the 4th while you party away? I hope you like counting coins.
Park in my carport?
Just a "sprinkle" of revenge.
I'm Happy With My Petty Revenge
Oh, let me help you spread those nasty rumors so you can get me "fired" and take my job. Be careful what you wish for...
Lie to me just to get the computer? Oh hell no.
Won't let me sleep? I'll lock you all out of the room.
Droopy Dog asked me about Asian porn and got my attention.
Be rude? Lose your beer.
They really wanted to make me mad so I decided to make it easier for them.
A little bit of petty roommate revenge
That's what you get for not being a decent human being..
Annoying Cyclists blocking the road? Activate smoke screen.
Jewel Osco shakeup
Nearly take my sister's life because you think it's funny? Have fun plucking the worms out of your only prized possession.
You'll Work Here for the Rest of Your Life
Tarnish my record? You'll never see a penny!
Drive-by cheesing = highway justice
Keep me awake before a big trip? No way José.
Here's an example of what not to do.
Fuck your crock pots
So my cousin got ripped off buying a TV.
I hate false alarms
Pizza Customer
This caramel is so slow and thick!
Fuck your shampoo!
Smell my revenge!
Screw over the barista? Screw over your morning.
Costco parking revenge
Last weekend, some friends were out at a show at a local bar. Musclehead comes along, rubs himself against my friend, grabs my butt. How can I get revenge (without filing criminal charges)?
Love thy neighbor
I don't want to see your ads!
Out-passived a passive aggressive suite mate
Beep and swear at me for stopping at a red light? I'll wait till the green instead of going right on red.
Asshole Brother Revenge
Forced cyclist to be more green
Share with thy neighbor
Queue Cutter Karma
You wanna be lazy? I'll take all the stickers.
Call me a murderer and I will send you for audit (x-post from /r/talesfromcallcenters)
Don't mess with the valet
The Queen of Petty Revenge and the Luckies
I deleted my uncle...
25 mph seems about right.
My grandpa's petty revenge vs. my grandma's petty revenge.
Almost run me over? I cut your stolen cable.
Park me in? I piss on your car
Take my clothes out of the dryer not finished and 25 minutes early? I hope you enjoy your wet clothes.
Honk at me? No, I honk at you!
Pass me when there's another car coming? Enjoy your ticket.
How I Got the Nickname "Cumdragon"
Undermining classmate gets what he has coming to him
Throw a paper airplane at me again.
Great Grandfather's petty revenge on a nosy neighbour.
Want to keep switching the radio, smell this!
I hope you enjoy having to unlock the door again, I really do
Don't mess with people that have access to your food.
Make me seem like an idiot at work, kid? Let me go out of my way to get your mom to ground you.
Got to help a friend with a property manager that previously tried to steal my security deposit
Turn off the AC, face the consequences.
Can't even bother checking an item for me? Here's extra work for you
The Latin teacher strikes again!
Road rage, sometimes it does end well.
Get impatient behind me in the garage? I will slow you down even more.
I hope her kid was crying and they had to go look for her...
Craigslist dude a No Show? Hmpft.... Payback time.
Any ideas on how to get revenge on a restaurant?
Tell embarrassing story about me? There will be blood.
Petty trash revenge
Watering the neighbor's deck all night long
Don't lie to me.
One Large Petty Revenge for the douchebag mother who smacked her child
E-Mail me a patronising rant at work? Feel the full force of my passive aggressiveness.
Well played. Well played.
Subtle dig at homophobes
Pee frisbee
Neighbours from hellCo-workers go nuts over hidden coffee
Your kids mess up my store? I'll have my revenge...
My friend hurt my feelings.
Post office lost all my mail and lied about it.
Be a prick to me &amp; my co-workers? Don't save $5.
My revenge against my douchebag coworker.
When you leave a mess in the kitchen I let my dog nap on your bed
Punk Step Brother
My roommate NEVER cleans his dishes...
Punk Step Brother
[REQUEST] currently in the window seat on a flight. middle has papers spread all over and is working. How do I get my petty revenge?
Fuck your honking.
Do not Disturb
Keep giving showing in my apartment with no notice?...Have fun explaining the vibrators, condoms, and handcuffs to all of your clients
Steal my trashcan lid? Karma and inaction will prevail!
Rude lady was adamant about keeping her aisle seat. Hoped she enjoyed a 14 hour flight with two bratty kids.
Petty revenge on evil next door neighbors in my apt complex.
Take advantage of me? Buy your own damn coffee.
If you wanted me to show up for my last 2 shifts, you should not have acted like such a huge dick.
Revenge on predatory street vendor.
Small victories
Got told to (x-post from askreddit)
Talking during a comedy show?
Tailgate me at 75mph will you?
Bask in my scent
Reject my advice on decoration? You won't be able to stop thinking about it afterwards.
Glorious, glorious revenge was had this day. (from /u/Amazon_Alpha_Bitch on /r/childfree)
Make me walk farther? Have fun looking stupid.
"Buy instagram followers" website made me follow random accounts a few times.
My girlfriend gets upset when I clean my shoes off on her welcome mat, even though that's half the point of the welcome mat.
Guy blows me off on Craigslist, so I give him a taste of his own medicine
[Meta] Why do stories which are so obviously made up get set to the top of /r/PettyRevenge? Isn't truth more satisfying?
Steal my girlfriend then have her "cheat" on you? How sad.
Tired of constant junk mail from a life insurance company, I put a bit of used kitty litter in the reply envelope.
Sure, I'll put it on your desk...
Want me to move? Don't start by muttering obscenities which I can hear only 30 meters away for a start.
Try to scam my sick friend?
Revenge on teacher?
Samosa time
You scare me I scare you back!
Friend posted this one on Facebook.
Staples v Paperclips
Is This Your Shopping Cart?
Don't cut the red light.
I'm that asshole.
Being a jerk to a tired mom? I'll do nothing.
Noxious Weeds Threaten Suburban Residents!
Can't be bothered to when open? Fine, I hope you enjoy getting the wrong flavor!
Mexican restaurant revenge
Revenge on the bosses nephew
Sheriff...Mr. Porky
One of THOSE neighbors...
Call my mother an asshole will you...
Neighbor sends passive aggressive unmarked letters in complaint, so I'll make sure they keep sending them.
Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery
Creepy landlord; Friendly creepy boyfriend
Sorry I truly believed that…
Thanks for showing favoritism when some of us actually want to learn, professor slimeball
Hit on my coworkers? You're not getting the job.
Gross coworker
Wasting resources and feeling good about it
Text on your phone carelessly? Enjoy my umbrella exploding in your face
No bacon for cutters!
No, THIS is where the recycling bins go.
Blocking my way'll cost you a walk with me
Toothpaste Slob
Spider babies.
Revisiting the Gym Hog
Take my spot I'll waste your time!!!
you're late for your reservation? no pretty teapots for you.
Yell at my favorite barista, I kick your wallet under the counter
"Nah"
Revisiting the Gym Hog
someone is trying to scam me on craigslist
I hate him for being and ass and a hypocrite
If you're behind me on a flight, consider yourself lucky and take what you get
Gripe at me for something that's not my fault? Have fun with your cats.
There was this weird 4 wheel bike in the moto spot today, turbo s or something, shame I had to block it's door looking thing
That'll teach you to park where I'm working!
Small revenges of a convenience store cashier.
Asshole Driver Revenge
Eat My Leftovers? Have a snack.
Ruin my graduation? No leftovers for you.
Racist boss giving me shitty projects...Well don't you know I can quit ?
Camp Parking Lot Revenge
So, I tend to hold grudges . . .
"But that's YOUR job!"
I'm sorry, /r/pettyrevenge, I let you down.
Scream in my ear? No free games for you!
"Hi, how are ya?"
College Roommate Revenge
Sorry, but you have to have a card get in.
Wake me up? Right back atcha
Fat person on train sits next to me
Can you hear me now?
I don't wanna grow up...
No, go ahead. Take all the raspberries.
The internet is really shoddy, I swear.
Enjoy your fence prematurely ageing
Maid es no hereNo. You're not blessed.
Wendy's is no place for your bigotry.
UPS: you play hard with my one claim? now you get ten claims...
My revenge is only as petty as the cafeteria employees.
Act of petty corporate revenge.
When a kid is being a brat in a noisy and public area, I casually get close to them...
Don't Kick The Chair Of The Tall Guy In Front Of You
I said I was sorry - that's now changed
So... you like to watching replays, eh?
Try to get out of work and make more work for everyone else just got you more work.
no pants for you!
Seeking petty revenge on a prank caller...
petty revenge on a spoilt child at the check-out
Parent digs himself into a hole.
I hope you're good at getting stains out
The IT guy is one of those people you don't piss off.
Cut me off in traffic.. It is ok, shot them with a rubberband. We are even now. (x-post from /r/pics)
Revenge is a dish best served...never
Cut me off in traffic, take that!
Talk shit? Get banned.
You annoy me I mess up you game.
You kick my chair, I'll kick yours.
Don't be annoying at the movies, just don't do it!
That chair isn't taken
Assume we'll watch your dog? Because we will.
Don't throw jelly beans at us!
Be rude to me for no reason? I will kill you with kindness.
A laissez faire lesson in interpersonal skills. Or, how I let my coworker bomb within his first month.
Refuse to move your car, eh?
Yell at me and call the cops on me for having an unlit cig on the sidewalk, I'll give you a negative review!!
So you wanna lag the internet huh?
I prefer not to be talked down to
Mess with my laundry??
Revenge on a pathological liar and rampant sexist with a penchant for making stuff up about sex on tombstones.
Worker Uses Haribo Sugar-free Gummi Bears as a Means of Biological Warfare Against Annual Bonus Crippling Manager; Generates Avian Bird Flu Scare/Quarantine.
Drive-thru revenge; I do this at least once a month
Make me wait three seconds for the bread? I'll make you wait three seconds for the bean salad
Lightbulb
Don't tailgate.
Lose your shit at me?!? let me kill you with kindness
You mess with my sleep; I'll mess with your car
Don't Piss Off the Janitor
What happens when you falsely accuse me of being a sockpuppet
People reselling tickets to a free concert for a huge profit. I waste their time.
Don't want to give me the job, fine.
My petty revenge against a bitchy ex employer
Let them eat cake!
Bad Service at Denny's...Free Food!
Let's play a game called 'Bait the Security!' Oh, I win, yay!
Russian around for revenge
Steal chocolate milk, I'll steal your playtime.
Wouldn't want you to drop those ice cream cones!
How You Should Deal with Rude Chicks
Always remember to floss
Craigslist Guy Wastes My Time
Neglect to play the games you asked me to bring? Booby-trapped faucet it is!
Revenge in the mosh pit
Paying the Vultures
I Do Not Forget
Petty Revenge on A-Hole Future Brother-in-Law
Sister learns the hard way to not mess with me.
Bet he sure feels trashy about parking there
Revenge against dumb kids driving intentionally slow
road rage
Trying to squeeze into a tight spot and squash me into the wall, get shoved.
Cheesecake could have been better.
*SQUEAK**SQUEAK**SQUEAK*
I don't know what happened to your precious garden!
Water no ice huh?
My housemate likes peanut butter, but doesn't like washing his knives after using them
It's only sand.
Revenge against my new puppy
I take the cash tips...
Keep your brights on? Enjoy the traffic!
Golfcart parked in the motorcycle spots
"Where's the express line?"
Annoy me over the phone will you....
Simple and effective response to bosses' advice
Car parked in a motorcycle bay
Raise your children right for public interactions.
I hope you're a fan of Game of Thrones.
/u/Cikedo's revenge when he couldn't get a "waived fee" waved
The dogs are the real winners here
This is the website that ruins families...
Don't Invest in America's Crumbling Infrastructure? Smell Me.
Petty Revenge on some dumb kids.
Beep beep beep motherfucker
I'll Just Date Your Best Friend
Don't be a dick at a show or you might end up with a face full of armpit.
Justice in a sandwich
Eat the bigger slice of pizza? Enjoy your penis monsters.
You did not just do that.
Living well is the best revenge
A petty revenge five years in the making.
Enjoy the trip, assholes!
Steal my seat? Have fun searching for a manager.
Charging it
If you don't clean your nasty-ass cereal bowl, it may mysteriously disappear.
Son of a Biker
Fun and games with the workplace kiss assThe TSA line cutter at airport.
A**hole driver
Enjoy getting up and opening the door for me!
More GLITTER revenge!
Completely Useless Petty Revenge
me and the neighbor weren't getting along and he kept pointing his security camera into my house. I could look out my kitchen window and see myself through his kitchen window on a 60" flatscreen in his living room.
You think it's okay to almost run me over? I guess you'll look extra sparkly for the next few weeks.
"You gon' take all day?" Petty revenge from my high school days
5000 miles from home and I finally get revenge
Park like a twat and I will block you in.
Finally caught the asshole who parks in my spot
I take down the prime minister a notch.
Our new neighbors won't stop partying, so we signed them up for over 20 free catalogues
Lego Garage Sale Revenge
Stealing some Father's Day thunder
Line Cutters at The Amusement Park? You wait in line for nothing.
To the cops who ticketed me going a normal speed down the NJ Turnpike... hope you like traffic jams
interrupt my viewing - enjoy my voice
Smelly Feet? Smelly Sheets.
Bog down everyone's connection. No internet for you.
work fridge thief revenge?
No World Cup for me? No DayZ for you!
To the woman berating the Mexican people in line at Target: FUCK YOU.
Boyfriend ditched me at my own birthday party. Hid his phone in the morning.
Be racist on Facebook? Prepare to feel my wrath
Sleep at work? stay a few minutes late
I want coffee. You make it!
Neighbors throw their dog's waste in my yard. They got it back, processed.
(X-post from r/prorevenge
Petty Revenge on my Little Sister
Case of the missing Croissant - A Boardroom caper
Not so Petty Revenge
Being an ass means no hot breakfast
Night Crew vs Morning Crew (Round 1!)
Who is the bigger child here?
Want to stay out late drinking? You get stiffed on dinner
my little victory ft. pervy middle schoolers
You get the crappy report
Take my assigned seat and don't accommodate a simple request? Looks like you'll be moving now.
No tip? No fun!
Petty Febreze Revenge
Greasy keys
I don't like being shouted at.
Vengeance against a dirty roommate
(xpost AA) So... Some dogs shitting in my yard
Calling out the classless from behind the counter.
Grilled cheese
You shouldn't feel entitled enough to leave your things in a conference room, especially not trash.
Petty Paperclip Revenge
Be a bitch to me and then not follow my car rules, then you can walk.
The best revenge is success.
Try to impregnate yourself using your boyfriend's used condoms? Seriously, who's thick enough to do this...?
Toilet paper revenge
Prankster cadet instructor gets chapped when we prank him back... so we go underground.
My wrath knows no limits
[REQUEST] I've got some shitbag kids that hang outside my place, talking shit to who ever.
Cut in front of us? Hope your sundaes melt.
Joys of being a surgical nurse!
7-11 owner instantly called to have me ticketed when I went across the street to another store first... Need revenge!
My neighbor refuses to turn down his music ...
Guess I CAN afford an Acura...
In a hurry ? guess you shouldn't have made other wait.
Steal my spot and waste my time - I'll waste your time too!
My father's tailgater revenge.
grandpa's revenge. the years of experience trained him well.
I hereby sentence you to a week of being slightly disappointed with prospect of eating quiche.
My co worker is an asshat.
Road Revenge
The Lady in Red
Graduation Shopping
Don't be rude or I will mildly inconvenience you!
Gramps gives asshole a coffee carwash...
Forget to take your clothes out of the dryer? Don't worry, I'll fold them for you.
"I can't help you clean, my ride is coming in 45 minutes."
Car wash revenge
Treat me mean? (Free coupons for everyone)!
Relieve me late then expect me to clock in early for you? HA!
A teacher's revenge
Rope me into a social occasion I'm not comfortable with - weird marks on your hand.
Room mate owes me $100 for rent... and is terrified of spiders
No Happy Birthday for You.
Teamkillers beware!
intern petty revenge
You wanna listen to shitty music?! How bout some dub step?
If you think you can start a laundry war with me and get away with it, you are dearly mistaken
Take advantage of my hospitality? Not in my house.
Wifi used for evil
Lazy, dirty housemate's constant weed smoking got me in trouble at work. Petty revenge in order.
Take advantage of me? Enjoy the aroma.
Camping Fire
We're annoyed by my dad's illogical penny pinching. Sis got petty. So do we. (2 for 1!)
He'll never know why I smile when I pour him a drink.
Salting the Earth
Don't repeatedly insult a pregnant girl you're locked in a car with (warning, gross)
Saw the post on the front page about the Indian scammers pretending to be from Microsoft, here's what happened when I called them as a fellow Indian man (video)
Today's petty revenge was ruined by my girlfriend, but read my dastardly plan.
REVENGE REQUEST: SPAM villa441 xboxwith messages
Rich Bitch Parks in Fire Zone because she is special- I psych her into thinking she'll be towed
My gay best friend was gay enough to fuck my fiance. I want revenge but need ideas.
Asshole PISSED me off!Step brother screws me on cell bill when I tried to help him, I bought 80$ worth of gifts for his daughter using his money 3 years later.
A scammer tried to have me install malicious software on my computer. I decided to have a little fun.
Go on a homophobic rant in front of me? Guess whose craft supplies is gonna get used in the name of gay-ness.
Unable to maintain friendships and intimate relationship at the same time? Fine, find a new super cool chair.
Bragging about your enormous muscles, good luck opening the jar !
Petty revenge from behind the checkstand
Night manager? Morning is going to be fun.
Enjoy your quiet fishing spot
Wait for it...
Milk it for all it's worth.
Don't forget to change the toilet paper.
Enjoy your greasy cup.
You're too loud!
Auto-flush toilet privileges.
Drink Up!
Roommate Revenge
Enjoy the smell
Won't take one minute so I can get some food? Say by to ten in the morning.
My fries are old
Little One You Have Met Your Match.
Reddit, help me decide how I quit my job tomorrow...
Park your bike in my designated spot? Enjoy your airless ride.
Irritate me at work do you?
Having a hissyfit over a charity, you get reported to Facebook
A very cherry pop-tart petty revenge
No bowl for you
Thanks for my change.
Enjoy your jungle of a garden!
Cold Room Wars
Music to my ears
Ok dont give me my break then (work)
Steal my snacks? Super sour sweets for you!
You can have your (cup)cake, and eat it too!
Don't want to help me? No commission for you.
You thought no one saw you . . .
Doggy revenge I
Video Game Revenge
My nephew lives with me and I'm basically his mom.
Justice revenge on Prankster who takes jokes too far.
You might have places to go, but I don't
Yell at me for something I didn't do? Enjoy your breakfast.
A fighter pilot's vengeance.
Get in the middle of our group? Get hit.
Cheat on me with my bestfriend and we're still "friends"? No charger for you!
Interrupt me again? Fine, I'll knock the pillow off your chair!
One girls revenge on 2 dudes
Leg day!
Park in a disabled space, time for shitty service.
Take my spot, damage your car!
Oh, so he brings cake to you every week?
My brother gets all the attention, want some breakfast?
Bitch roommate ate a literal bag of dicks [NSFW?]
You complain about my cleaning? Fine, I won't clean ANYTHING.
Sure I'll record you.
Cheat on me? Okay.
A dose of windshield washer fluid should make that ticket go down easier.
Rare double ended pettyrevenge story
Friend calls me out on being late, gets left behind.
Don't cheat and tell people
Don't want to pay bills? Okay, well I'll restrict your Netflix to cartoons only
Landlords refuse to fix anything; Rent checks have started having a little less priority
Big Black Monster Cock for A Shitty Friend
Give me a 2€ lighter for my birthday? I will remember.
Don't follow through with your plans? No stuffed animals for you!
Boy Scout Revenge
Eat my food and don't leave me any leftovers? Prepare to have your life ruined!
Revenge on a shitty friend
Revenge a shitty friend
Just happened; Completely accidental, but you deserved it.
My high school bully thinks I'll be willing to stick my neck out for him. Think again.
Taking my clothes out of my apartment building's dryer before my cycle was done and tossing them all wet and wadded up onto a table.
Don't fuck with those who handle your food
Donuts and Piss for an Asshole
Stop me from rewarding my dog, get poo in your truck.
To those of you who haven't had your chance to get your petty revenge yet...
Won't get off your phone when placing an order?
That's not your problem? Well, enjoy your fries, bitch.
Bartender woes
Throw toys at me and refuse to apologize? ENJOY YOUR LUKEWARM WATER.
Dining Hall troubles? It could always be worse...
Husband leaves dirty dishes- I mess with his shower
Vandalist pranksters get what they deserve.
I didn't need room to get in my car anyway.
Office revenge
Refuse teamwork for booze, will you?
Autoparts Ahole gets a visit from - corporate - winkwink
Come on, step it up!
Overcharge me? Corporate will have to step in!
The (not so) sweet smell of revenge
The Tortures.
Annoying ex, his sister + his ex girlfriend visit my blog, so I installed a little surprise for them.
Kid Rock is insecure
Limiting yourself to 500 calories per day? How about some pizza?
Steal my game? i'll steal your time!
Count that change, bitch
Concert Swooper and the Battle of Discomfort
Had a coworker with a bad attitude today.
My boyfriend and I got in a small argument.
I hope you like the smell walking out of the store.
Act like a child, get a Big baby!Ex uses some Heavy words
Cut in front of me while walking, I'll flat tire you
Sabotaging dieting parents with tempting home-cooked food.
Watch who you overcharge...
I scuttled up a dude's turd
Wow... now that's petty...
Enjoy my dogs poo.
The red couch.
How hard is it to throw out your trash?
I will tailgate you at the salad bar.
A revenge most petty for a grumpy butt
Super petty presentation revenge
Turn off the lights on me again (Pt 2)
Revenge of a sign language teacher
My boss refused me a good appraisal.
Need help finding a pettyrevenge post
Stop taking my clothes.
Shoving others out of the way won't get you on the train any faster, douchebag.
Be nice to your administrators - we're a petty bunch.
I steal from the tip jar. The folks over at Talesfromyourserver suggested I share it here too.
Limo driver's revenge
You break it, you pay for it...
Enjoy your wake up, boys.
Children shall fear my wrath!!
What Good Friends Are For
Mind your surroundings...
Be rude to me, I'll take an extra second of your time
My tastiest petty revenge... So far
Dirty Bomb has been dropped....
Petty couch spot revenge
Yelling at other drivers, huh?
Major Asshole was up to his usual antics again...so I struck back...again...
Petty Revenge for high-school antics years later, and on a different continent, the story of my Dad's school friend.
Fresh from the trenches: you’re a lazy, shitty handicab driver? Enjoy hunting for my fare in the seat cushions and closing your door yourself.
A man at my work always says "hey! Lady!" and clicks his fingers at me.
Revenge on the In Laws!
Young teenager asks for under-aged nudes. I exploit him to his family.
I show his mother the dick pic he sent me.
There's no coming back from what I just did
Annoying coworker revenge. Really petty revenge.
Have fun with your pink clothes!
Don't fart in my face
Fishing for PPI claims? Forget it.
[Meta] Question about Rule 11
So you're always more important than all those peasants queueing up? Not today, I'm afraid.
A Super(market) Petty Revenge
Ignore me for a few months?
Treat me rude, get a small donut.
[Help] I need help getting back at a kid that may have halted a relationship between me and my crush.
Complain in line behind me? I'll take my sweet time with my BOGOs
Email Revenge
Wanna be a douche to me?
Dismiss me as a creep. Think someone stole your bike for a few seconds
Stab me in the back? Enter the landlord.
Have fun searching for your phone to see the time!
Enjoy that morning breeze
Be a dick to me? Enjoy getting up early on your day off because you're to hot to sleep
Kindhearted to Satanic in 5 Seconds Flat.
Major Asshole strikes again...as do I...
I think my dad may be a little homophobic.
Need revenge ideas/advice for rude and selfish roommate
"You looking at me funny, private?"
Movie Theatre Nuisance
Want to act rude and obnoxious? We'll all happily waste your time.
Don't care that you keep me up all night? It's on.
You Want to be grumpy? I'll ruin your day off
Why five towns hate me ex
no sleep for me, no sleep for you!
"Close the door LIGHTLY." If you insist.
In a rush? Have no privacy.
Thank you!
Bring me health food..I will get my revenge!
My brother gets what's coming to him
A Paid Break: Courtesy (or the lack thereof) of a Customer
You gotta do what you gotta do, when you got the runs.
Mall parking lot on weekends.
Rude to your checkout operator? You have no idea of the fury I can bring onto you
Homies talk too much so I miss the read light.
Call me a horrible person? I will make it so
My gummy isn't good enough?
Poking fun of your IT guy?
Breach supermarket queue etiquette? We'll waste your time.
Terrible customer service? Pah.
Revenge, best served with beer.
My revenge on a line cutter.
I will font you up
Change you information.
Oh well..
today things shine a littler brighter
It had already been a long day, and you are not helping.
Got petty revenge on my now ex boyfriend..
Racist bartender gets a taste of her own medicine
I decide whether or not your message gets passed on.
Keep me up all night? Enjoy being haunted by cyber ghost.
Put your phone down next time if you want to keep it in one piece.
Fueled my spirits
Mess with my laundry? Have fun poking your fingers.
Screw me over on a 24-hour event you committed to? Enjoy your $300 paperweight, asshole.
I walk where I want!
Steal my subway will you? Take a 7Up to the face.Stomach Sunrise for you, S!
More revenge against the biggest douchebag
If you wanted to use your toaster oven, you should have washed your dishes a year ago.
That... was mine. Now I'll take whats yours.
Psycho Tailgater Gets What's What.
Refuse to put in any effort during meetings or return phone calls for our project? I'll do the whole project, won't let you know it's complete, and disappear the entire day before it's due.
I was told to post this here...
Psych!
Petty revenge on a bird
More revenge against the biggest douchebag I have ever met.
Good clean revenge
Lady in a hurry to board her plane gets... delayed.
Rub some dirt on it.
Don't cut me off in your company car!
For every honk I will take up another minute of your time
Subletters getting me evicted out of spite
Tailgate me and push me off the road when you pass? lol
Bad person. Is... Me! A tale of some slapstick convenience store interaction. (cross post from /r/badpeoplestories
The county I lived in recently passed a ordnance giving individuals the right to sue and force people to remove GMO plants from their property. There's a massive bitch on the street, and lucky for me she's got a GMO rose bush.
Lazy sister accidentally got me pocket money.
Have fun.
Get out of my room.
Cut me off walking
Tailgate me through a known speed trap? Oh no.
Removing my boyfriends blanket privileges.
Blocking the driveway
Cut me off? Prepare to wait.
Guess who is rocking out to 10 hours of bassy dubstep mix?
Revenge on a college roomate
Hope you like delicious blueberry lemonade.
Children my fence. Not anymore.
Acting like a pompous bitch? Have a nice anniversary!
I've got your ruler, bitch!
Revenge upon a fellow student
Master of chopsticks eh?
Playing the long game
No Water for You!
Good job.
Vengeance on my daughter!
Watched my student take revenge on a peer
Finally got tired of my brother stealing my shoes.
Revenge against the biggest douchebag I have ever met.
Oh, you're going to ruin my Saturday? Have fun at dinner!
What level would be below "petty"?
You're in no position, lady.
Cut me off? Have a door in your face!
Wasting a snooty mom's time
Box me in with your parking job huh? I'll show you.
Ruin the garden the garden ruins you...
Take up all the washers and dryers, and don't even have the decency to be on time when they are finished? Have fun getting back into the laundry room.
stupid parents having kids
What do you mean I can't throw my garbage in the garbage can you placed on public property?
What is the most efective way to counter - suit your parent for defemy lol
You wanted to climb my fence? Hope you don't like your shoes.
Extremely petty
Really....pink?!
Enjoy the sandwich
Petty revenge on the golf course
attack of the killer pythons
How I Stole $1,500
Revenge on the Rude KFC Cashier
10 years later...
I don't need permission.
Pancakes pancakes pancakes.
TIFU By Wearing Wrist Guards
Use my password to snoop? Enjoy the consequences.
My gf broke my PS3, so I slept with her friend
Revenge at Raccoon Creek
i need revenge
Even as a five year old, I knew how to bide my time.
(x-post from /r/nhlhut) Someone playing hockey online is forced to watch the replays of every goal against a player with infinitely superior players and gets the last laugh in the end.
My wife was asking for it
Rude to me? I get sooooo laaaazy...
An impatient taxi driver will stay behind me as long as I like.
Your precious, precious chair. Your precious, precious, precious, precious chair.
The Raccoon Creek Revenge
Kid brother messed up my book collection while I was away, so I took all his hardcovers and switched the dust jackets.
Having a blast ! How about you ?
The Raccoon Creek Revenge
Petty Revenge on a Credit Card Company
Kitty revenge
[Request] 16 shitbag neighbor wants to fight
Leave your weights lying around at the gym?
New to the job and already demanding? Don't plan on getting away with it!
The filthy store clerk deserved it. He should review company policy.
Someone in my frat has been stealing my detergent. I hope the color white looks good on you. Every day.
The Sperm Perm
Stare to Assert my Dominance
Don't steal my sodas "bro".
Dont use your cell phone at the urinal
No sleep, no eats
No sleep, no eats
Oh you need something? That sucks.
airplane asshole gets dick barfed
[x-post r/offmychest] I did have a condom, actually. You're just an asshat.
Laundry revenge
A Story from my First Year in University Halls
No ice cream for you!
The most sincere apology letter I ever wrote
Why would you help someone if you're just going to make them feel like an asshole?That isn't salt anymore
Motorcycle gets cut off so gets his petty revenge
16 year old /u/pasaroanth gets revenge on his old boss
No service? No silence
Yard Sale Revenge
Enjoy that fish, line-cutters!
No more Dora for the little spawn of satan
Is it really so tough to take your glasses back to the kitchen?
Pay back one drop at a time.
Driving Two-fer
Pony who will not be caught
Best tasting beer ever!
knock knock, motherf#@$er
Rush hour lolz.
Tailgate me on a neighborhood street? No right-on-red for you.
Write bum checks and puke on my floor? Get a ride to the county pokey
Oh, be an asshole? You get no help from me!
Throw sigaretter butt on the ground, feel my wrath!
That pit road move is going to cost you...
If you're asking for a favor, don't act like a bitch
Make me lose my job, I'll make you lose yours in a time of need
Horrible Professor's Revenge May not be Petty Much Longer
Leave a mess in my store? No...no you don't.
Be a dick look like a fool
You really don't know how to do dishes.
Since we are talking about misspelling names. Here's my story.
You whistle at me like I'm some dog? Have fun waiting even longer.
Petty revenge for a financially petty roommate
Life is a journey, not a destination.
Bitchy co-worker
Dear creep neighbor:
Friends post picture of celebration my girlfriend wasn't invited to on facebook. She gets a grumpy look on her face and says
Take that, person who is bad at parking your car
The Handyman was three hours late.
Reddit user makes joke about child dying in Hillsborough tragedy &gt; reddit user receives GoT spoilers in an anonymous PM
Guy cheats on my sister, now his car smells like rotten milk.
Skip the rent? Enjoy your shit filed car...
That pack looks a little heavy.
Mispell my name ? My revenge will be terrible
Friend Makes Dickish Side-Comment to Me Then Feels My Wrath
/u/Yoinkie2013 gets revenge on his asshole neighbor
Thief roommate feels wrath of petty revenge
Bully steals my key, has to spend 12 hours with a greasy foot.
No, unfortunately I can't stay until the 30th
Lane Merger
If you're interested in using traffic cops to punish us, be warned that two can play that game (a double petty revenge!)
My first time doling out petty revenge. It felt good.
Petty revenge on a noisy relative
Elevator pettiness
Revenge Is Best Served...Legally
Someone ate lunch at their desk today, it smelled amazing.
National Grid Revenge
Dump Truck Revenge
Dump Truck Revenge
Say no to helping a co-worker out, lose the tip...
Bike Path Revenge
I almost went from petty revenge to i don't even know what
Boss' wife called my coworker fat, I ruined her sandwich.
Can you keep an eye on my backpack?
A difference of ideologies..
Petty revenge in a pizza shop
dont be a dick to me
Petty revenge at work...
Me vs. the Construction Crew, or Breakfast at 6 AM Sharp
"la chienne m'a demandé ma carte d'embarquement"
My Brother got mad at me.
Phone scammer
Enjoy your shower
Mother's Day Revenge.
Get rekt
If you're going to insult me, get it right.
Petty Dining Hall Revenge
Sandwich Revenge
Try to scam me? Enjoy the world's hardest guilt trip.
Finally ready to take the perfect revenge on my crazy housemate
Try to leave customs now.
STOP CHEWING WITH YOUR MOUTH OPEN
You enjoy parking in two spaces? Enjoy having to put your wipers down.
Ruin my clothes? I'm going postal.
Taking up space and you ruined my beer!!
Don't disrespect me...in my hometown bar
Truck parked terribly gets trashed
My experience with 2 Chatty Cathys at the movie theater
Don't always assume someone can't speak English.
Don't invite me to the cinema? Enjoy my cooties!
I flush your radio station
Lazy kid doesn't help us, I get my petty revenge.
Lazy kid doesn't want to help, gets what he deserves
No lunch for me? No music for you!
Forced coke fiend to apologise in front of her friends for being a cunt at a party.
Revenge on abusive driver, better check yourself.
Don't help with the dishes? Now you have nothing!
Petty revenge on a dirtbag who stole my chandelier
Girlfriend cheated on me, unfollowed her on Tumblr
My Grandmother is petty, and awesome
Petty revenge against a vegetarian co-worker.
New "Credit Card Services" shenanigans.
Revenge on the loud guy
A lawyer's petty revenge on annoying neighbours
Don't neglect your son who just came back from college.War of the Whiteboard
Don't take my stuff.
Reddit, tell me about your awesome revenge stories!
Don't leave your shopping cart in the aisle
Wash your dishes, fatasses.
Alzheimer's and Breakfast
The Long Sock Troll of '11-'12
Revenge on Eddie Murphy
Burn my hand? Face the most torturous and vicious pain ever.
Lie made for a longer wait
Leave your dirty dishes overnight? Wait longer for your coffee in the morning.
No sweeties for you.
Disrespectful cousin doesn't find the recovery lair he expects...
Disrespectful cousin doesn't find the recovery lair he expects...
Almost kill someone in front of me? You go to jail. [x-post from /r/justiceporn]
Apartment parking space revenge [UPDATE]
Petty revenge on mean old lady in the apartment below me
Stop clicking your god damn pen
(Update) Take that shitty parking guy!
Good luck wiping your butt!
Pay your license, don't be a bitch.
Talk shit? No delicious treats for you!
The obnoxious talker.
My son can't sit here?
Can't clear the timer on the microwave?
Dear office d-bag, I have your keys.
Steal from me? I'll steal from you.
Use the last of my ketchup will you?
Oh, did you want that donut?
Water bottle revenge
Abuse my trust and friendship? Big mistake.
Flake on paying me for my service? I guess you don't want access to your account anymore.
If you're demanding of the bar staff, you will be mildly confused for the next few minutes
Take some junk for your poop
Forget my age mom? I'll forget yours
"No I didn't and what are you going to do about it anyway?"
Enjoy your shower!
Dad Level Trolling: Skill that can only come from being alive for decades.
"I'm sorry mam, you'll have to wait."
Phone flavored revenge; or "Do your job already!"
Petty Merger Revenge
Did you really booty-trap a parking spot?
Don't make me obey traffic signs, jerk.
Slow driver in the fast lane
It was me.
Ramon?
The old man and the toilet
I guess you should have taken a memo
Take that, Cryptkeeper!
I got another nice bit of revenge at work today.
Overly loud truck gets what's coming to him
Wait in line
Using Yelp reviews to vent about my landlord is very therapeutic. ZERO STARS FOR YOU
Take Out Revenge at an Asian Foodcourt
Petty Scammers
Roommates petty revenge!!
Hypochondriac time to shine! Biological weapons
Deprive me of sleep? Deprive you of Internet access! [Very Long]
So petty they probably didn't realise, but it made me feel better.
Steal my shower products? I'll make sure they bite...
An EMT's petty revenge
Better late than never.
Try and cut in front of other customers? You won't get your winning numbers,
I am the one that filled the neighborhood with woodpeckers X post from r/confession
How I Turned the Tables on a Gift Card Scammer.
META: the best revenge is petty revenge
Minor annoyance for you, but major win for me!
What seat did he puke on?
stupid supervisor, tricks are for kids
Abusive Ex threatened to post my nude pictures online, but I got my revenge
How puzzling
Simple alarm clock scrutiny
Mean ol' neighbor lady gets a taste of my epic revenge.
Lousy semester=lousy evaluation
Rude woman gets what she deserves.
Inattentive Bartenders are the worst
Parking Lot Justice
Cheap out on my daughter's shower? Have fun paying after the fact.
Diet coke for Regular coke
Help with petty revenge on property management company?
Gherkin the car that cut us up
Coworker "innocently" throws people under the bus. I get my revenge.
High blood pressures at 4 AM
Never get a URL tattoo
Making me do my laundry in the middle of the night?
Roommate's utter laziness just causes him more 'agonizing' effort in the long run
Here's my petty revenge
Oh, you like pristine white towels Stepfather! how bout a tiny inconspicuous spot of blood in the corner!
Annoying Roomate Beer Denial
Was it worth the time you saved j-walking?
Revenge against coworker (long story)
Revenge on my sister, very petty.
Racist? I'll make you look like a fool and you won't even know it.
Enjoy your sneeze if you can.
roommate never cleans her dishes..
Slow walker
Road Rage Pizza Prius .
Got my revenge on my SO who tickled me to the point of tears.
To the group of drunks who were all out annoying
Trash bags between our houses? I think not!Mmmmm! Beefy!
Cut me off and almost crash into me? Fine I'll get you stuck behind 5 semi trucks and speeding ticket!
My Mom's Response To An Online Dating Scammer
No breakfast? Enjoy dog licks!
Close the door in my face? You can wait!
Neighbor forces me to remove deck, I build a driveway in front of her entry and block one of her bedroom windows - legally and spitefully!
Too swole to hold the door open? Too swole to exit.
Steal from me? There goes your special sparkle paint.
I hate my dad...
Wont stop coming to my door? I'll make you pay.
Enjoy your "new" stapler, asshole.
Airliner Linecutter
Amtrak Cafe Fun
I'm a tailgater's worst nightmare
Have fun brushing your teeth, asshole!
Second hand petty revenge: My mother the master and her jerk boss.
Person I babysit for is tossing me aside a lot.
I'm the nanny, not the maid. Enjoy those dirty dishes!
Revenge on brother gets even better
Petty MMO Revenge
Sister kept stealing my clothes
What comes around goes around.
Bitchy wife gets a surprise.
Please don't marry her!
Cut in line? I will waste your time.
None for you...
So petty it's incredibly boring.
Boyfriend was really getting on my nerves..
Waste time ruining our time on the water? Enjoy it.
Not so smart now, huh... (Another parking story)
Enjoy your bent license plate, person in parking lot.
Switch on AC in an open room? Enjoy not sleeping
when my 5 yr old cousin realized I was leaving after only a 3 day visit
Enjoy your 1,000 pennies for payment.
Cheap and make me do stuff?
Hot Cocoa Revenge
Celebrating 20 years of petty revenge on my Eco-Nazi ex! (x-post - r/confessions)
Don't park in tow away zones
How do you like me now Coleen.
My brother took away access to my computer/pone charger, so I took away his internet access.
Gimme dat ice cream!!!
I ended his teaching career, forever.
Apartment parking space revenge
If someone parks too close
Take that, Shitty Parking Guy
Hope you like it in the back pheasant
Robo-calls from Credit Card Services
Petty Revenge against annoying scamming telemarketers
Have fun shopping with two attached shopping carts!
Telemarketers delight
Good evening, would you be interested in some revenge?
Surprise petty revenge on roommates that harassed me.
Need help seeking revenge
Starting Every Post With "So"
Be an asshole father and you lose your daughters
I don't get paid enough to deal with crazies
Call my friend a bitch? Have fun getting home!
I planned this revenge 11 days in advance. Fuck you, Matt.
Steal money from me? Let's see how much I can steal from you.
Enjoy your wet clothes.
Petty revenge from the garbage man
Today I was on the receiving end of my roommates petty revenge.
Revenge on a mean ass old lady
How I terrorized my asshole downstairs neighbor.
Get mad at me? No TV for you
Broke up with my abusive SO, got her back for all the years of suffering
To the man in the car across the street- I saw everything.
My brother left the bathroom covered in pubes after he shaved and I had to clean it before showering
Oh you're just gunna pee on the floor, huh?
Petty Revenge on my worry-wart father-in-law.
Do not anger the person who cooks your food, for we aren't subtle and are quick to add chilli
Rudely request something on a deadline? Wait a bit for a reply.
Reddit Revenge
Executing revenge with a duo of random strangers on the highway.
"Do you have change for a $20?"
No walking, no green wristband
I hate a litterbug...
I touched it.
Loud obnoxious neighbours petty revenge
Petty relationship revenge
Bug me after staying up to 1:30 getting epic BBQ made? Pettiness ensues.
Use my olive oil, ruin your dinner
Eat it, Trucknutz.
Petty revenge on a noisy housemate
Sorry about the snail poop!
Annoying makeup roommate
I hope you like my music
Revenge on bad driver
Hope you boys like smelling like French lavender and honey.
Leave food splattered all over the inside of the microwave? Fine, you can't use it until it is 100% clean.
Revenge on upstairs neighbour
Parking cop and firefighters decided to get petty revenge when I tell them not to tow a truck.
Giving you a smell of your own medicine
Revenge was served on my behalf by the Chicago Fire Department and an island parking cop.
Abusive boyfriend wanted his photoshop back.
Once I had noisy Neighbors
Keeping with the Public Transport revenge..
Petty Revenge for a rude apartment manager
noisy roommates revenge
Revenge is a dish served beefy, beany, and cheesyAn elephant never forgets...
Petty revenge on the train.
"You're a Doctor, Mrs. Principal?!"
Bus Etiquette
Enjoy your $75 weekend drive!
Be a dick? Have fun getting your car off the roof.
The feel-good petty revenge
Some petty revenge on a teacher... 9 years later.
The Panty Thief
ESO revenge.
Asshole Janitor.
Scumbag Whirlpool Corporation Revenge
Asshole Lane - Sitting in Traffic
Granny's acting like she only has a few moments left. The universe tells her to wait.
Aren't you glad you forced your way into the line?
Revenge on girls being loud in the library during finals
No one makes pudding with MY almond milk!
Apparently you folks really like parking lot payback stories. Well, here's one with photos AND a video.
Yet more private parking lot and towing!
In a rush to get somewhere? Here, let me help.
Revenge on sister or you should be more careful when sweets are involved
Another parking lot &amp; "private parking only" story
Guy talks on phone and gets ID'D
Steal from me? I'll rub your biggest insecurity in your face.
I didn't join this mailing list
My roommate doesn't understand basic bathroom etiquette
No e-mail sign-off for you!
Enjoy the drive dad.
Petty revenge in typing class
Microwave revenge
Stupid bitch tortures me for 7 years so I steal her cigarettes.
Be inconsiderate to others waiting to fill petrol, enjoy the ever so petty inconvenience
Mall Parking Lot
Posting NudePhotos of Ex on Her FB.. Under HER account.. What will consequences be? And how can I get away with it?
Leave a mess in the kitchen will you?
Leave my disks out, fine yours go in backwards
Keep parking in my spot, and I'll make it difficult for you.
Serendipitous Revenge
Not going to do the dishes? Feel the wrath of the unresolved microwave!
Yes, I'm an idiot...and your wait time just got a lot longer.
Just put down your phone, okay?
Don't be rude when you approach my till.
Neighbour gets beautifully petty over a bright light!
School bus window games.
I have very bad hand writing
I'll make an honest man out of you
Be a Brat? Don't get your snack!
Human Statues petty revenge
To the banshee at the self check-out lane.
I'll show you, Subway!
Accidental petty revenge
There you go rude b---h at the cafe, clean that up now!
Petty revenge on a perpetually late friend
Enjoy your "Coke-Zero" mam!
Have fun waiting at the crosswalk, douchebag!
Here's what I do with your dog crap....
Here's what I do with your dogshit neighbors...
My step dad thought he was funny
You keep both dryers occupied for an hour after they are done? Deal with my petty revenge.
I have a professor who is completely incompetent, disorganized, and generally unpleasant.
TIFU by "hacking" my girlfriend's facebook and leaving myself logged into Reddit on her laptop.
Board game revenge.
Coffee shop musical chairs
A redneck yelled at my girlfriend for pulling over on the side of a road to take a picture of an old broken down truck... Not a great revenge, but thanks Google for not only getting a picture of the truck, but mapping it out.
Ex boyfriend gets petty revenge on me
Sleep with my ex and betray my trust? Enjoy waking up at 6 every morning.
Enjoy that super hot shower.
Neighbour who parks on our lawns might have liked to know this piece of information.
If you're gonna try and blame your accident on me, you're gonna have a hard time
Full moon revenge.
Only the pettiest of pub revenge
I might be enacting every high schooler's dream: To get their dickbag teacher fired.
Cuss me out? Prepare to have your time wasted.
Be an inconsiderate snob to me and my coworker? I won't let you know your bra is showing.
You're so gross, and now the whole building knows!
Simple but oh so sweet
Rush me, waste my time, and you are wrong? Feel the wrath of your boss
My girlfriend's mom blew a lot of money on drugs and now she can't buy my girlfriend a birthday present
Subaru Graffiti
Got sold a broken piano
best served warm
Makin it rain up in this bitch
Toilet Paper Petty Revenge
Be an ass? You can have detention.
We may not be a restaurant, but the rules still apply! (x-post from r/talesfromretail)
Toilet Paper Petty Revenge
You only play COD you say?
Sister was rude to me this morning, so I went and shut off her internet.
My sister is flooding me with snap chats of her dog...time for some petty revenge.
Charitable Revenge
You will pay for your laziness!
Rude Subway employee gets comeuppance through her own product. (Story is from 4chan boards, not my story).
That'll show him
Cut Me Off? I'll Slow You Down
A True "Pet"ty Revenge
A Case of Mutual Revenge with a Pet
roomate theif
My ex fucked my sister for months, all lying to me saying I'm crazy. Payback.
Cops accuse me of drinking and driving. I demand a sobriety test. They leave disappointed.
Tricking both older sister and younger brother at the same time.Wet Willy
My telemarketing game (X Post from r/ProRevenge by request)
Think you're better than everyone else? So sorry for the inconvenience.
Keep your twitter private....
studying paid off
A story of Mutual Petty Revenge Involving a Pet
A Touching Story: Mutual Petty Revenge, Me and my Cat
Slightly Damp Revenge
I thank fuckwad for being such a great guy, and try my darndest to give him a great restaurant experience.
Cut off a truck, I'll cause you a slight inconvenience.
Tailgate me, get a ticket.
Petty revenge reversed
I don't think he'll tailgate after that...
That's what you get for betraying my trust, spider..
Ideas for revenge?
Two can be inconsiderate with noxious gasses.
Don't leave your socks on my bed.
Don't understaff and hire people who give a damn.
Don't be such a dick about it.
Too little, too late.
Annoying the tribe at Hot Topic
Be a Bitch, I'll ruin your diet
Shopping Cart Revenge
Mess with my special message? I'll mess with your ability to walk.
Ongoing petty revenge on my dad
Troll me with your voice mail? Have fun trying to call me back.
Petty revenge for my excessive talking workmate.
Don't drive 10mph under the speed limit.
Come to my room almost naked? You won't forget it...
move your posters guy
Take advantage of my misreading? I take advantage of your kindness.
Mess up my schedule? Your sweetener is now mine.
Don't tailgate me.
.
Don't be rude to your sub artist.
Dog learns a lesson.
No, fuck you, I'm in the front.
Steal my milk once, retch the second time.
Be and asshole after losing a friendly game? Walk that extra 40 meters for lunch
Fuck these fake niggas
Hopefully this is the right subreddit
Well in that case
Don't Leave Your Shopping Cart in Front of Other Cars
Leave me for a (much) younger (-looking) model? Enjoy your (brief) internet fame.
Line jumper revenge
Dont feel like getting a fork? Have fun feeling like you got a ticket
park inconsiderately?
My neighbor had a loud bird...
You want to play dance of thermostat? Don't mess with an STEM major.
Hog the bus bench? Enjoy my fart in your face!
Petty revenge - my brand new sneakers
Old classmates are trying to get votes on a start-up contest.
Try to scam me? I'll scam away an hour of your life.
Karma is a bitch and so is mum
Thats what you get for slightly inconveniencing me!
Revenge on a crazy ex tenant
Blow off my request for data? Prepare to be flustered.
Use me to house clean and dog sit then slander me and kick me to the curb? I will buy myself the ring you can't afford.
tearing up stuff? -- that's a paddlin'
I think this punishment fits the crime.
If you break the law, be prepared to have your vehicle damaged.
Piss me off? Good luck getting into the apartment!
Petty revenge on the bus driver
Insulted by two girls leaving a restaurant, one is arrested for underage drinking moments later
Got my spoiled sister
You have no power here
Girl I like invites me on houseboat trip. Goes well until a guy tries to cut in. I pettily get his mom to talk dirty in front of him.
I was a toilet paper bandit...
Pretend not to see me? Have fun slamming your brakes.
I JUST WANT TO PLAY CHESS
Inconvenienced Neighbor
Going to try and dart ahead of people? Have fun waiting
Annoyingly text a stranger repeatedly? Enjoy your real estate advertisements.
Plane full of petty revengers.
Buyer beware... of fucking with a seller.
Not a story, but received this email this morning if anyone wants to have some fun with it:
Twitter suspension story reminded me of one similar to my experience.
Pizza place sends their employee's to sneak into our hotel (posing as guests who "forgot their room key" to other guests to get inside) then place flyers under the doors of all of our rooms.
I find my revenge most satisfying when the victim has no idea.
Keep me awake and worried sick? Enjoy your wake-up call.
Shitty roommate is going to get it.
Update to "Out-hogging the Gym Hog"
Got a kid suspended/in trouble from school because he was a dick to me on Twitter.
Tailgating me? Hope you wanted clean windows.
Sister won't stop singing
Steal my Blockbuster identity? Prepare for Christmas sadness!
Rude ticket inspector gets a taste of her own medicine.
Winning the WiFi War
Patronize me and belittle my manhood in front of at least 7 people? Prepare to have the rest of your day ruined.
So that's how it's going to be.
A Neo-Nazi gets sweet sweet revenge.
"Friend" blows off plans without telling me one too many times.
Fuck your lines
Update to "Out-hogging the Gym Hog"
Have fun matching the GPS coordinates
Rude customer buys me a new cake mold
Cut off the guy behind me? Hope you're not in a rush
Revenge on an Ex. A Groomsman's Tale
My petty revenge using music
Wanna be an asshole and only think about yourself? Let me slightly inconvenience you.A taste of her own medicinal spam.
Rude Lady Makes Comment about Best Friend, get "dominated."
Enjoy drying off
walk-by burp
shaken, not stirred
I work at Subway
Drop the sandwich I lovingly made for you?!
Petty Revenge on a Rude Train Passenger
I'm haunting my neighbor.
Want to be a bridesmaid? SIKE!
Lean your seat back into my lap? Get jostled.
Learn to park
My brother typically tries to tackle me when I'm walking from the barn to my house
You don't want to answer my calls even though I know you're there? I'll mess up your notification bar
Answer stealing jerk will have to study someone else's notes
My Friend's Tasty Revenge On Her Stepdad
Don't talk shit about my frolf game
Troll gets his just desserts
Toiletry thief!
I get petty revenge in bully neighbour.
Be asshole neighbours for years, enjoy some flowery insults.
Turn the heat ridiculously high? Prepare to freeze.
Not Petty, but I'm PISSED at r/weddingplanning (x-post: For the Non-Married)
snaky payback
Be greedy with the cheesecake on my birthday? Have fun with your movie snack.
Slackers gonna slack. But not with my help.
Dump your tray of cigarette butts on the road? I'll shoot you the bird to the tune of AC/DC
My towel!
Don't mess with people who work nights.
Tail gate me, well enjoy this puddle.
Waste class time over one point on a quiz? Here's a small detail to pick at.
The SUV and the parking lot
gf's cat got its petty revenge on me.
Wake me up at 4 am? I'll wake you up at 8 am.
Bitchy McBitch Face
first time posting i need revenge on a coworker :(
Shopping Revenge
Trash our club house? We have a stinky surprise for you.
The Picard Flute Song Causes a Stuck Up Bitch to Miss Out on $5k and a Relationship with Her Father
Warm and Liquidy New Years Eve Noisemaker
Make fun of my friend? Enjoy sweeping the floor. Dick.
Revenge Brew
Your standard parking lot scenario, during Christmas.
Try To Scam Me Once Shame Shame On You- Try Twice and I Waste Your Time
Don't be in a hurry and rude.
Lie to me after I help you? Enjoy the noise.
"Say Uncle"
Fishy Revenge...
New to /r/pettyrevenge, but I think I've got something worth posting.
Piss me off, miss out on free gym time.
Mess with my bacon, I mess with your everything.
|X-post /r/JusticePorn|Street Preacher is driven off by the power of Bohemian Rhapsody.
Enjoy the herpes
Sucrose perils at the laundromat
The one where the title doesn't work
The super long story of why you don't want to wake up Dr John!
No time to let me shower? Well then...
Keep me up after dark? Then nobody is gonna be awake.
Bully my friend ... repeat the subject !!
Be an asshole have fun with doors
Sweet, Sweet Revenge
Oh, so you wanna scan your own card, huh?
Don't be naughty or I'll make you knotty.
Oh, you're gonna pretend my grandma doesn't exist and keep inheritances meant for others? I'LL SHOW YOU.
Don't make fun of my kid's head
Coffee shop put my sandwich on a roll instead of a croissant.
You wanna flex your video game knowledge at my kid, little boy?
That's MY pencil! Jerk!
I sure got him!
You like to play music loudly? We can too.
2048 can ruin your day.
Make a bitchy comment? Fuck your keychain and your stupid pin.
My dog is actually very far from 'lame', thank you.
Guy tries to destroy my friend's business, i recognise his handiwork in a job interview
No salt fries
Walk on the cycle path?
Finally have a parking story to share...
Apartment Complex Parking Revenge
So I found the keys to the rental car that I got charged $500 for losing. If I don't get at least a rebate for them or something, I'm 'losing them again' in a rough part of town.
Take Up Two Tables? Courtesy Denied
Insult my father? Right in front of me? Prepare yourself.
So I contribute nothing to the company...
Revenge on the Lunch Lady
It's 00:01, again??
If you attempt to look at my answers, I'll confuse you!
I turn my mistake into some nasty tasting revenge
Queue You.
Take up two parking spaces for your truck? Fuck you.
Who's the bitch now?
I like walking on the side walk, don't take my sidewalk away
Revenge on a lazy student.
park your car illegally where i want to walk? fuck you
If you're going to write something rude, at least get it right.
I can hear you, I'm just ignoring you.
Gonna be a dick in your comment post? Well then...
My mom got Petty-Revenged by a gas attendant
This is why you document all the things
I'm a terrible person....
She kicked me in the shin, I faked a murder - x-post from pro-revenge
It is the soundtrack of their love - x-post from pro-revengeCut me out of your life? I will remember your birthday.
Be mean to our paralegal? Lose your title.
Treat me like shit and treat me worse when we break up? Ill give the shoes you bought me for Christmas away for free.
Cut me off mid sentence, receive dirty money.
People who work in glass burger joints shouldn't throw stones
Roommate who steals my food revenge.
So I got in shit for paying the bills on time...
Revenge on my neat-freak roommate
Threaten to sue me over a $12 tool? Enjoy being pissed off.
Commute to work revenge
Good luck on your diet!
bish dont kill my vibe
Shit talking retail clerk gets boobs in her face
Petty revenge against a dick co-worker
Don’t Insult the One That Bakes for You
Insult me for a penny? Pay a penny.
Sweet Subway Revenge
Don't be a dick to those that make your pizza!
I found half my clothes and jewlery in my roommates room, and she said her "friend" did it after unsuccessfully trying to convince me that it was an accident
Park in a handicap spot so you can deliver soda to the library?
Programmer Petty
Story on r/TalesFromYourServer made me remember you guys
Be a jerk to the girl answering the phones? I'll teach you.
Not me, but a friend. Barney really, REALLY loves weekends, and rude neighbors..
Do not be rude to the Receptionist.
Petty Revenge at a ska show
My mother won't be fooled
Bracket pool revenge
How my cousin made The SAT his bitch.
A few balls too many
You're the self-proclaimed technological expert? Let's test that!
How I made a weirdo stop stuffing garbage into my mail slot (video included)
Make me miss the Game of Thrones season premiere? Enjoy waking up early.
Enjoy your wet shoes
Petty Revenge on Petty Revenge
No cookies.
It wasn't your turn, now you will suffer
Sexist and abusive to my apprentice? Enjoy your repair bill.
Ruin my day? I'll ruin your year.
Block the road? I will scare you!
Don't invite me to hang out you don't get Buffalo Wild Wings
Dirty my clean floor, I'll make you wait for your dinner!
Petty revenge at a four way traffic stop with assist. You try and tell me there is no better petty revenge.
Petty revenge at a four way traffic stop with assist. You try and tell me there is no better petty revenge.
I guess you'll have to wash those again
Block my door? Enjoy having icky hands!
Those Who Laugh Last, Laugh Best.
Enjoy your pretzel.
Petty Revenge on Rude Driver at Traffic Light
Dueling TV remotes with roommate's annoying girlfriend
Petty Revenge on the Rude Customer Ahead of Me At Burger King
Make multiple mistake on my taxes
I won't be around to clear that up.
Bitchy roommate so I spit on the stuff she will touch
Life tip #384 - being rude to your server won't end well for your nose.
Cash only at McDonalds at 2:00 a.m. I don't think so!
Too busy to wait 30 seconds? Fine- you'll wait every time, then.
Big ego, small seat
My brother ate the last Tastykake...
That fat bitch.
When my brother's mean to me, I'm [kinda] mean back.
Speeding in The Hamptons
Douche bag politician
Demand to use the TV after my brother gave paid you not to, not to mention the fact it's his TV? Then ruin my room? Get your book ruined mate.
That fat bitch.
Be inconsiderate neighbors? No more free wi-fi.
Out-hogging the Gym Hog
Blurred Vision
Selfish coffee-having thermos owner
I will destroy your bathroom at your work
My roommate thought it would be funny to rub a cat on my pillow being that I am allergic. I got tons of sweet disgusting revenge.
If given the option, would you prank call or text 909-446-6880 and ask my friend "Is your refrigerator running?" I didn't do anything for April fools day. Would you prank call or text her?
It's a sing-along!
Accidental petty revenge. More like karma?
You type too slow!
spam my feed... enjoy your account freeze.
Invade my territorial bubble, enjoy wasting company time and resources.
If you're rude to me I'll give you the shitty bananas.
where do I post my story if I do want to ask for help to enact some sort of petty revenge?
The Sweetest Revenge I Could Achieve
It's not a story.. I need a suggestion
Pet tracker company keeps sending me e-mails to renew my subscription after I've told them my cat is dead. Finally had to send a petty response.
Throw away my straws? Have fun trying to drink your Yakult stash
Revenge tastes like pudding
Cart Corrals Exist for a Reason
What I do to my friends' insecure girlfriends
What's your wifi password?
A Game of Ads. Make me unemployed and you'll regret it
3 parking spaces will cost you 30mins
The awful roommate from Craigslist...
Steal my lab table? Have fun cleaning up my glassware....
Hold up my line? I'll ruin your selfie!
Two tickets to petty revenge
Corporations would crumble
I was witness to a double petty revenge.
Ignore me? Say bye to your belongings.
Send a Patient back up to me? Deal with the rest of 'em
when my chatty friend can't contact find me
Don't take my stuff
Ongoing petty revenge on my boyfriendGiving her something to reflect upon.
I quit my horrible job... but didn't bother to tell anyone
Headbutted a cocky prick in the "man"-region
When my wife makes me mad..
Throw up revenge
Laundromat Revenge
Annoy the crap out of me? Expect to pay extra.
Mess with my family? My Grandfather will give you a heartattack.
Received a fraudulent call from an IRS impersonator. reported it to the IRS.
People at my school are dip wads.
I spat on a kid who was acting like a cock.
Cut me in line? That'll cost ya!
The security company that patrols my neighborhood thought it would be funny to tow my car...
Wife shat on my dreams
My sexist POS roommate is finally moving out
Make me pay for VAT *and* your time?
Husband can't put his clean laundry I folded away...
sloppy dog turds
Be dismissive of my friends and beware the pettiest retribution
Revenge with a school book bag
Pre-Black Friday lols
Park behind me? Time to watch a few videos!
Change a long term assignment the day before its due? Get some petty revenge
Annoy me? Lose you music for an hour
You think your Keeping me Late?
Risk my dog getting sent to the pound with no way of them finding her owner? I think fucking not.
Roommate Revenge! What should I do? (Must be legal)
Dad teaches mailbox bashers a lesson
Bitch about me taking a large washer? Let me make that worse for you.
Misspell my name?
Be an insufferable bastard to my friend? Be terrorised at night by fetishists.
Revenge on two at once!
Fuck your OCD in my fridge.
Wake me up at 5am? I mess with your food.
Disturb my slumber with your loud car? Prepare to suffer my wrath.
Tailgater gets his just desserts
Roommates have been ignoring me/disrespecting me? Prepare for discomfort!
Nag me constantly? I'll get the last nag.
The sound of slamming cupboards has never been so satisfying
When I report "Top Posts this week on Google+" as spam in Gmail...
Those who place my soaking wet laundry on the floor will have an eternity of hell to pay.
Dog Collar
Annoying facebook friend: "Vote for my baby!!!"
Oh eat my cookies? Feel my wrath!
Garbage in my lawn? Garbage in your port-a-potty!
If IT emails you asking for your input, YOU ANSWER!
The consequences of getting soup on my desk
Annoying cousins pushed me too far
Enjoy your late night movement Grandma
My brother, Sharon and Rosmary, the 66 year old dinosaur.
One Rule: No random dudes.
my boyfriend can be a bit unnappreciative.
Make me hurry? Enjoy your heart attack.
Take credit for my secret admirer gift and I'll ruin your date!
Was laid off a few months ago, got a new job and attempted to steal one of my old coworkers
Was I not clear when I said "wash the brushes"?
Lie to me? Enjoy your oil.
My sister got mad at me for wanting a lamp on while doing homework.
Bread fight.
Don't clean the bathroom? Enjoy your room from the future
My best friend was being mean to me earlier...
My own little 'double parking' story (Bonus- Porsche!)
Bite me? Get crappy house service.
Oh, so you're going to spoil The Walking Dead for me?
Be a self entitled cunt, have a crummy floor.
Grocery shopping with the roommates.
Designated Driver Revenge
EA/Dice received some petty revenge.
petty revenge against a non-tipper
Petty revenge on obnoxious roommate.
The racist at the library....
If you're an asshole, I'll make you wait for your Whataburger
Automated door as a revenge bro
Petty toilet paper revenge.
That car? That color? In those spots? At this time of year?
Tall People and Hockey
Don't misspell my name!
My girlfriend moved all my stuff around...
My petty revenge - Serves you right, asshole
Email CC petty revenge
Don't take advantage of my kindness.
I immediately downvote posts that start with "Long time lurker, first time poster".
Make fun of me for being sick? You don't get the chocolate.
Take two parking spots in a completely full lot and get away with it? Not on my watch.
Sure, you can run off and leave me to pick this stuff up
Don't deny me access to the bathroom.
My Petty Revenge
I have no sympathy for their bullshit
My roommate has been stealing my goodies...until this morning.
Rude deli customer gets her own back.
You will not catch any other speeders today!
Talk bad about my coworkers? Enjoy reaching farther for your groceries.
My husband took his work stress home with him.
The snow is gone, park inside the lines
This subreddit is turning to /r/justiceporn.
I drew on your paper, what ya gonna do.
Honk at me, I ruin your truck.
Don't want to pay your fair share? Have fun cleaning up.
Bitch to my boss about me? Sort your own damn mail
Delayed revenge on a snitchHonk at me at a not turn on red, get caught by the red light cam.
Parking revenge goes wrong
Treat me like I'm stupid because I'm a girl in a "man's job"? I'll make sure my "stupidity" screws you over!
A group of seniors posted this letter to the door of all their English IV teachers. One teacher took a red pen to hers and posted it back up. [x-post r/teachers]
Fail to deliver my letter? I'll deliver hourly emails to your inbox
French girl talking crap about English speakers.
She'll never know..
Lie to Your Girlfriend? Neither have any idea of my revenge [NSFW]
Lie to your girlfriend? I got revenge and neither have no idea [NSFW]
You're an insufferable asshole on the road? You get what you deserve.
Have fun walking in the snow.
Don't park in my spot.
No fax for you!
Take a handicap spot when you aren't handicapped? have fun cleaning your nice car!
That's fine, you can have the laptop. Enjoy Ubuntu.
Super Extreme Happy Frightfest 2000
Enjoy your "dirt" bike
That's fine, I didn't want a raise anyway.
My friend was being a complete asshole...
Accidentally let our cat out? Enjoy your dirty spoon!
Thanks for holding the door for me.
Scissor Revenge
"Can I get a man to serve me please" (xpost /r/talesfromretail)
Apple Juice, Karma, and How I Petty Revenged Myself
Prepare for some mild inconvenience, you hurtful bitch.
What goes around comes around
Took an idea from here :)
You think I'd forget that you ditched me? I'll make you feel like the asshole you are...
Ditch me for lunch? I'll
come bucket for bitch? i will regret this but you will regert the inability to have a resounding Sunday.
Rush through your phone number when calling a call center?
Be petty and childish to me? Get childish and petty back all over your coat.
No new puzzle pieces for you!
Guy keeps calling my extension and hanging up.
Office Pettiness
You don't want to wave at me!?
No ears
The prettiest of the petty.
Deli customer gets her own back.
Endanger lives by disobeying traffic laws? Lose your job, asshole!
Boring one-night-stand revenge
Stewardess messes with the wrong person
Guy didn't get his car key because he was rude to me.
Dismiss me? Keep your cum-stache then.
I taught a kid a lesson.
I ruined my boss' car
What is the best way to intimidate somebody?
You leave pubic hair in my cup? No hot water for you.
Why even cut me off?
Take that, nephew's ex girlfriend
you drop your trash, i get petty
As a neighborhood security guard, this is how I deal with rude residents
The computer thinks you're old.
I may or may not have destroyed this guys life
Entitled to nothing…
Teaming up for minor scooter revenge on stepsister
Let me get up early for no reason and see what happens...
My mom wants my MSN/Hotmail passwords
X-post from /r/TIFU. A Dad's PR Against A Thieving Stoner Son
Try to Steal My Identity? I Will Make Your Documents Disappear.
Belittle me while I'm working harder than you? Have your bike bling stolen
Revenge against my drunk, loud flatmate.
He never saw it cuming
Even Bill Cosby isn't safe from petty revenge...
Sister wasting electricity
Call me while I'm trying to study, and rudely ask who it is? Brace your inbox-hole!
Got loud roommate to agree to tone it down by threatening her with germs.
I didn't know I was done shooting hoops.
You may talk the talk, but you can't walk the walk
Screw you and your chicken too
I was angry at my boyfriend so....
How my grandma got the Jehovah's Witnesses to stop coming to her house
I'll probably get downvoted for this...
Oh, you weren't finished with your cup? I didn't notice...
Yeah, that space between the SUV in front of me is totally for you bro..(Yeah, this might be a daily commute rant..but..Dashcam video after context)
Battle of the Bus Parking Spot
Petty Revenge on the US Navy.
I don't give a fuck about your "VIP" ticket
You'll have to call for toner sooner now.
Don't mess with my cardio, old man.
Eat my food will ya? Hope you like dirt in your mouth.
Play youtube videos too loud late at night? Good luck using your computer, bro.
Petty Tourist Revenge
Screwed over on an internet deal? Send them Shakespeare via text!
Revenge is a dish served smiling
HA HA!
23 years ago, I had a bully. That was the last bully I ever had.
My dad took my pipe away from me (I'm 18) and so I moved the bookmark in his book up ten pages.
Give me the finger?
Petty Revenge against the cleaning lady at work
Little bits of particle board everywhere
You mad, bra?
A big sister's revenge
Man texts entire Shakespeare plays to scammer
Special Star
Petty whiteboard revenge
The Secretary and the Jumper Cables
The roommate doesnt even know about it
A cop pulls you over, clearly for speeding...
Soda, the sweetest revenge.The Fix-A-Flat Con Man
Oh, you didn't hear me page you?
Even in grade school, you're expected to color within the lines..
Jacket Revenge
Subway Revenge
Bachelorette Brownie Batch
I'll make you take your hateful literature back
Punish me for missing class due to a funeral? You gone learn tonight.
Don't use netflix on the wifi, especially if you don't live in my apartment.
Aquarium Revenge
Teacher's revenge on little turd
Bristol man gets revenge by texting works of Shakespeare to rogue internet seller - The Bristol Post
Can you hear me NOW?!
Take Care of Yourself
Small Revenge at Work
Joke on the Wadder
meatspin
A know-it-all gets showed up at annual training when he tries to take credit for my decision
Continually hound me for the wrong document? Wallow in your shame.
My sister is a saint. Entitled drive-thru woman vs Sister Scoot.
You honk at me you flip the asshole switch
Bristol man gets revenge by texting works of Shakespeare to rogue internet seller. [Link inside]
Terminate our friendship? Fuck you!
PETTY REVENGE SUGGESTION: HAVE A CLIP OF AZARI AZIZ ReADIng REDDIT R/PETTYREVENGE POSTS.
Team Fortress Revenge
Bask in the shade of my revenge.
Act like a raging bitch? I'll kill you with kindness.
I'm a monster
Need some petty revenge advice. What are some good, LEGAL ways to get back at ridiculous neighbors? Details in text...
This is mine now.
Charge me for tea? Less tips for you
Spite Houses: People building entire houses just to piss their neighbours off.
RES tag for revenge.
Pretty Petty Pizza Delivery
The white haired witch.
Stock better
Caught a kid stealing. Taught him a lesson.
Don't tell people to smile.
A tale of petty revenge from my father.
Petty revenge on my parents.
I'm an evil genius
My brother was an abominable twat, and was defeated as such.
Hope you like drinking warm water.
It's their job, huh?
The wedge technique
My boyfriend is a monster
Ruined my sister's life
Friend owns a bar, had an old classmate try to use a fake ID and she shuts him down.
A servers petty revenge
So it's late dinner?
Don't park like a dick
I quit a shit job and felt like Ricky Fitz
Petty Highway Revenge on I-10
yapping dog from hell
My stepdad erased all of my recordings on the DVR.
Elbow me in the face while I sleep? Enjoy waking up with the sun
A Bikers Petty Revenge
How Bikers get Revenge
Maybe next time they'll leave us alone
Don't use other peoples toothbrushes
Revenge is best served cheesy.
[happened to me]Was a lazy POS in college. Roommate phone-bombed me when I skipped class
Annoy me about putting away clothes? Prepare for an inconvenience!
Personal Crow Army
Petty revenge on my furniture-ripping cat
That's not my name, but I know yours.
That guy with credit problems, and you get his phone number after.
Too lazy to do your job? Hopefully, you backed up that drive.
Thanks for proving yourself to be a shallow douchebag!
Years of piano lessons often come in handy
Give me attitude when I've never done anything to you?
Mouthwash for your dirty, lying mouth
How to stop bullying with a jack-o-lantern
My Petty Revenge on Shitty Dog Owners
Not sure if I took this one too far, guys...
Grumpy Professor
Petty Revenge Tastes Like Garlic
Complain about the coffee in an unreasonable fashion? Enjoy not sleeping.
Too lazy to clean up after yourself at work?
Car dealership gets my bowling ball stolen.
Bragging about how awesome your life is might just cost you $35,000
Minecraft Revenge
Update: I love you mom, but this means war
Throw away my sunglasses? Feel my wrath.
Cleaning the Plate
Don't tell me happy birthday and proceed to ask me for a favor? Well then fuck you
Enjoy your unnecessary work out, lady.
Teacher bans laptops in class
Steal my fabric scissors, you lose your rights to every scissor in this house!
Revenge on snowblower man.
Take THAT
Want to ignore my gestures of friendship? Find someone else to help you skip class.
My parents' dog kept trying to bite my hands...
If you're going to copy off of my test, at least do it right...
I love snarky gifts.
Kick me while I'm down? Good luck with Chemistry.
Squeaky clean revenge at the laundromat
Revenge on a dealer who tried to charge me 24% interest on a car
Won't cash my check? Fine, this pen is mine!
Dump your car in one of the best spots in the garage long-term? Take this passive aggressive note, then!Axe body spray.
Make me pay the .23 cents... take this
An old story, but a favorite to tell. Don't annoy overnight fast food employees.
I love you mom, but this means war
A tale from the Company Meeting...
PR on a highly-annoying and rude neighbor.
Single ply! What am I some kind of animal!
Mean chick in my class fails her test because of her insults.
Some asshole behind me at the stop light had his brights on.
Lie and ruin my life and you get a ticket for tinted windows.
Consider it a surcharge for the 3 loads of laundry I am doing today...
Will I help you? Eh.... (X-post from r/TalesFromRetail)
Snap your fingers at me to get me to come over? Oh boy...
Bully me? I will remind you decades later what a terrible person you are.
Be a disgusting pig and ruin my birthday party? Enjoy the cold shoulder, or should I say cold neck?
My stepdads a dick..
My calc homework was shit
Don't use our common hallway as your personal storage
Noisy morning petty revenge
ProTip: Don't call the wrong apartment or you're going to have a BAD time.
Captains of the shitliner hit an iceberg at Hershey Park, sink
My sister's boyfriend
Say you can't accept personal checks one more time...
Man cuts into airport queue and gets shamed
Mean to my friend? I'll ruin your food
Revenge on roommate's annoying cat
Petty Revenge on My Son
Steal my phone? Have fun being an outcast.
Everyone knows I like my parking spot
I was playing Minecraft, when...
The smell of revenge!
[update] Bitchy server gets served. Quietly and pettily.
Money grubbing landlords
Be rude? Enjoy your pee, poop, and jeopardized relationship.
My friend hates his mom so he ran her over
I was upset with my boyfriend...
Be an ass during Super Mario 3D Land, huh?
Sticking it to the man
Ready for spring
You got served the bird, sucka.
I'm raising a monster
Stamping on the ceiling? Gosh, let me try to interpret that message!
we can paint your car for you..
Bitchy server with ocd gets served. Quietly and pettily.
So I have this choir trip tomorrow...
Betray me? Say hello to my little friends....
A Pink Water-Bottle, a Creeper, Naked Women, and David Hasselhoff.
Be a sore winner? I'll beat your high score.
Have a party and make a lot of noise while I'm trying to get some sleep enjoy not having internet.
Barge in front of me while in line?
It's registered for you and you only.
Tourists don't want to let me go home!
Rev your shitty truck all night? I challenge you to a duel.
[request] how to get revenge on bank charging sneaky fees
No pleasantries for you!
Gonna' make me feel like total shit? Watch me succeed.
Want my personal details? No, and that just cost you 46c.
How to deal with a telemarketer.
Gonna fuck with me? Alright, that's cool. Meet Roxy.
stepsister problem
Eat my last snack? Have fun taking a crap when you need one!
Dear scammer, texting goes both ways.
Be a dick to me at home? Get your pen stolen.
Park too Close and Your Car is Dirty? Revenge is Mine.
I game my cousin.
That'll teach you
Suck it, Comcast
Pledgeship Revenge
Telemarketers keep calling? Enjoy listening to some child abuse.
Unexpected karma for my mean managers
Sticker revenge
Enjoy your slightly damp socks
Your mum doesn't work in the locker room.
Pool party revenge
You should not have been such a dick when I'm still new
Petty revenge at work
Don't know how to use an alarm clock? Have fun finding that mystery beeping.
Require a paper about our chosen major? Time for some revenge from the zero I got on my last project.
Take my half washed clothes out of the washer? Find your clothes on the flooded floor
Good luck trying to get an amphibian to protect you tonight.
Scared you.
Revenge on the radio
Keeping me awake? Have some lag.
That'll teach you to pee on the patio furniture!
Gym lockers
Talk to your friends during the entire lecture? Enjoy finding any of your files, dick.
Paper Revenge
Tailgating Me is Not an Option
I hope you like your un-alphabetized CDs
07414854206 +44
Revenge from the newsroom.
Nothing gets in the way of me and video games or How some douche tried to rip me off
suggestions for revenge on dump roomate?
No... I can't make it into the trash can if you can't help me
Two can play this game.
How should I get revenge?
Hog all of the computers? Have fun rewriting that paper.
Mess with the best? Ya get burnt. Ya done got burnt.
Throw me under the bus, kill your career
Cut me off as im trying to park? Have fun washing your car.Ebay seller gets rude.
The most passive way to get back at my roommate
Stay up till 4am when I have an 8:30 class? Cool.
Bad talk me to my co-workers? You won't even know what hit you.
My Stupid Neighbors
Yet another story of rude Craigslist sellers
Share my pillow? Feel my wrath.
Was supposed to live with this girl and her friend, lied to my face until it was to late to get other roommates then kicked me out for stupid reasons
How can I get revenge on a fitness club?
Talk among your co-workers while taking forever to ring me up? Break a hundred for me.
Just helping a fellow student out.
New Company Mascot - Jiminy the Cricket
Cut me in line? Get arrested for assault with a deadly weapon.
steal my netflix DVDs? good luck trying to enjoy them!
cashier decided to have a little fun with a line cutter.
Douchey housemate never cooks or cleans
You want me to "hook U up"? Ha. No.
Irate and sexist customer makes cashier cry, and leaves to a frozen truck that won't start.
You Should Have Just Taken Her Out on a Real Date
Just because you talk to rich people all day doesn't mean you can be a dick
Don't fuck with my poptarts.
Abuse my generosity, will you?
Hello thieves, enjoy our crap!
Treat your co-workers like shit? Enjoy no tip!
Sorry lady, I won't apologize for taking up ten seconds of your time.
I'm a Crazy Bitch? Enjoy the snot.
Want to be an asshole at Dollywood?
I don't like the Lana Del Rey but especially when I'm trying to sleep.
Oh so you have birthday candy?
I once had a friend I would dog sit for.
Yell at me for having my visitor park in the visitor zone?
How do I get my revenge?
Oh, banks are an easy trip, you say? Enjoy your trip to the bank.
Be arrogant, have your named rubbed off.
Block half the water fountain, eh?
Make Me Wait In line I'll waste your time
http://imgur.com/jU375ML - Delivery guy posts customer's phone number and will shit in her food next time!
League of Legends Champion Select Petty Revenge
http://i.imgur.com/v06yPod.png - Delivery guy posts low tipper's phone number on the Internet and threatens to shit in her food next time!
Talk loudly on the quiet section of the train? Petty revenge occurs.
Have a Nice Day
I need help getting back at my neighbors.
I didn't actually do anything, but I don't know where else to put this.
You can eat YOUR expired ice cream. Not my expensive Blue Bunny vanilla I bought for my cramps
My boss decided to change POS settings. (X-post r/TalesFromRetail)
Bitchy brain-washed roommate revenge
Invite some random bimbo into my house uninvited? Have fun sleeping on the cold, uncomfortable sofa.
Milk is only for tea and coffee
An obnoxious amount of coffee for an obnoxious coworker
My boss decided to change POS settings. (xpost r/TalesFromRetail
A tiny bit of revenge at work
Where's my Dr. Pepper?
Old Revenge- Kill Cruelty with Kindness
Take up ALL the washing machines? Enjoy having a cold foot.
A Whopper of a revenge
Leave me behind? Freeze in the snow.
Beard Trimmer
My roommate NEVER does his dishes.
That's what you get for jumping the line
Gonna drink my milk? Gonna make you vomit
You want to be loud at 3 in the morning? I want to be twice as loud 4 hours later.
The pettiest fast-food revenge.
I can't hear you!
Prank call me? Nice shoes.
Middle aged woman cut me off getting in line at Target...
I may be late but I didn't kick your puppy...
Cut off in traffic yesterday....
I stooped as low as my bank account
Deliously petty.
Service Desk Technician Pettyness
Steal my space? Have fun in the morning..
Don't put others lives in danger because you're in a big hurry.
Cutting into a long line of traffic waiting to exit an interstate?
I took it way too far
Don't invite people who don't know the birthday girl.
UPDATE: He Still Won't Face Facts
No, dear. I haven't seen your glasses.
Scream at me...You have invoked my Terminator Mode.
I made her eat her words.
You're in a hurry? Too bad - enjoy being stuck behind a bus!
Latin teacher's passive aggressiveness shows.
Don't mess with me on a homework night.
My grandmother helps me enact some petty revenge against a douchebag driver.
It started with a leaky faucet...
bitch while I re-arrange my tech stuff? (including internet) Feel my wrath!
Borrow my jeans... I'll make you itch
Thanks For the New Phone Asshole
It was extremely childish, but I enjoyed every minute of it.
If the dress fits
Park in a non-parking spot and blow me off when I tell you to move? I'll pop a cap...
Turn off the lights on me again...
Mass texter revenge
At the donut shop this morning.
Leave your clothes in piles all over the room? Good luck finding the remote.
A few years ago, some gold-digging whore stole my best friend...
Steal my food, I'll steal your weed!
Boss wouldn't let me leave early... I showed him the wrath of old man winter...
Sibling revenge! (slightly NSFW)
This little light of mine ...x9
Hate the smell of pot? Let's see how well you pay attentionTake my assigned seat, will you?
Oh dear, I can't seem to remember which drink was which.
Interrupt my coffee &amp; reddit time, enjoy your daily morning frustration
One of my coworkers made me really angry last night
Steal my condoms?
Revenge against my shitty roommate who's friend tried to rape me.
If you are a lousy boyfriend, I will taunt you.
Annoying kid stole a donut from my box, got revenge
My roommate pissed me off
Late night pizza ordering just before we close
This is only the beginning. . .
Revenge on a pothead douche sibling
Steal my spare change? Get a job.
I don't get paid
Enjoy your parking ticket asshole
Jack around while I'm busting my ass? Have fun staying 20 minutes later.
Steal my yogurt? Get yogurted.
Good luck sleeping in
Paper snow storm!
Back when I was younger, the plus sized kids made fun of me for being a skin and bone toothpick.
I'm currently laying in bed feeling furious.
Animal Abuser Gloating Online
Steal my kitkat? Enjoy being homeless
5 inches is not enough space
Throw me in jail just for yelling at you so you can extort money from me? No green card for you.
My girlfriend annoyed me today...
That's what you get for saving seats.
Don't whine to me about your problems after being so rude.
Send me a picture of your dick, then call me vulgar names when confronted? I can't make you regret it, but I bet your mom can.
Soy-based revenge
The most terrible thing I've ever done
Short people have shorter fuses
parking lot justice: a towed car and a black eye
Asshole neighbor uses a car strategically in a tough-parking neighborhood...
The incredible rise and fall of gas mileage revenge
Need suggestions for some petty revenge against my landlord--he is keeping part of my deposit
Talking down to fellow restaurant employees? Screw you.
Oh NOW you wanna go to the movies?
Oh, you can't find your change purse?
Bad roommates are mercilessly nyan-catted
Hope you enjoy the hike, asshole
Rude relationship roommate
Mr. Employee don't send your nice mom after me!
Don't judge me for taking my car and then take advantage of it bitch
Asshole neighbor parks on the street for the sole purpose of denying that spot to everyone else.
Returning the shopping cart isn't that hard
Can someone help me get back at this guy?
My apology to the customer I wronged
The Butt Thickener
Bad park job
Guy pretends I backed into him trying to get money from me. Did not go as he hoped.
Over-reaching bitch
Asshole roommate
you know how sometimes you're at a stop light and the person behind you starts to honk the second it turns green?
Harass my mom, your lawn will get shittier
Rough night
Call me stupid? I internally laugh at your germaphobia.
The Day I Truly Understood Redemption
Waste my time when I try to help you? Let me waste some of yours.
Stay on task!
Lab report revenge
Won't walk to me? I won't walk to you!
Annoying Alarm Clock
Sarcastic lady at the post office gets a small, but so gratifying comeuppance.
Potatoes for your driving
You want the thread, you'll have to stand up for it bitch
Treat me like shit for an entire semester? Enjoy hearing everybody shit and piss in the morning for the rest of the year.
Irritating coworker and a small mistake
Cut me in line? Go weigh your mushrooms!
HOA changes bylaws to prevent dentist from setting up a practice at his home. He uses their own legal weapon against them. [via /u/remarkable53 comment]
Concert pet peeve
I hope you enjoy your bread.
Stinky revenge at the mall.
Facebook Hijacking
I'll show her to keep using my stubs card...
Mouseballs
I saved a dollar bitch
If you are a terrible person, people may be terrible to you.
I hope you slept well.
Take my parking spot and I'll try to ruin your day.
5 minutes late!
My little brother won it! [probably NSFW]
4 wheel drive dumbass
Leave the lunch I bought you at home?
Beep at me while I am crossing the street and call me "crazy" and "stupid". Watch me slowly stroll without a care in the world.
Someone suggested you might enjoy my response in /r/askreddit. Caught gf in the act of cheating
Make fun of my parking? I'll make you sad on Valentine's Day
Really petty bus driver revenge
I think I just got pettyrevenged by the airport convenience store cashier.
To be fair, the snow was gonna have to go somewhere....
You can't wait, you won't tan.
If this ain't petty, I don't know what is.
Keep Me Up? No Beer for You.
Update from Special K Chocolatey Revenge!
Sweet, incredibly petty, revenge!
Snooty customer tries to get an additional discount and ends up paying the full cost.
Douchebag Coworker Strikes Again!
How do those turds feel between your toes?
A taste of your own medicine.
WORDY MOFOSReboot and reboot again
Drive at me and not wear a seatbelt, say bye bye to that deposit!
This is why you don't have a house key
Double glazing guy tracked mud all over my carpet....
Keep me up with your music? Enjoy listening to mine as I get ready for my 9am
Personal Space Invasion: Disney Edition
Colin, go fuck yourself you prick
Rude Customer Revenge
This is MY pump.
You find heating three hours a day essential
Tailgating? Have a ticket.
Library Pettiness
Pretend you don't see me and I will let my kid interrupt your phone call
He called in sick the next day.
Deer help me get my revenge. Or, the perks of being a farm girl.
Enjoy putting your fixtures together.
Revenge is best served ice cold at 6am
Make me step in a puddle? Enjoy getting wet
A very petty former-employee
Demand I take your order? Enjoy waiting longer while I walk super slow.
Stop treating me like an idiot, you power-tripping bitch.
Penny revenge
Wake me up...Enjoy being locked out.
And Now Your Internet Works Every Other Hour
Mess up the store and inconvenience other customers? Waste your time.
Watching a Classic petty revenge take place, just as good!
Douchey asshat
I touch the sign. I just touch it [short and sweet pettiness]
Petty soccer revenge
Font Sizes
I guess everyone got one but you.
Only one dryer at the condo and you're leaving your clothes in there on my laundry day?
So it appears that you're just standing there talking obnoxiously in the middle of the sidewalk...
Rum revenge
An Italian man, an English woman and an Australian guy are on a plane...
Davis, You had it coming.
My brother is a pig.
Keep your gift card, bitch
Allergic to cleaning?
Revenge on a Telemarketer
Can't control your kids? Have fun on the train!
Deny my work expenses??
Extremely petty seat revenge
Shredding revenge
The clock is your master, now
Tail me on freeway while i'm already going over speed limit? Enjoy respecting speed limit for a while.
I AM IN CHARGE OF THE BUTTER SAUCE
Solved Last Problem For Physics Problem, Didn't Tell Creepy Guy the Answer
No smiley for you!
So petty yet so good...
Try to stalk us now.
Teacher throws out random numbers and asks us to create an impossibly short essay...
Got my Petty Revenge on a Co-worker...
My Dad at an Indian restaurant last night
Don't feel like contributing? Enjoy a dead phone.
I don't know how that can got in there.
You think it, he'll do it
bus driver revenge
stuck up customer : /r/TalesFromThePizzaGuy : /u/Agent_Volkoff
Don't be mad at me that you have a shit job...
No lasagna for you!
Annoying kid in my class, I stole his headphones.
Take that, rude burrito guy!
When my stepdaughter gets into those moods...
I'M GOING TO THE BATHROOM!
Don't pay me? I'll just help myself.
High School Bully
Standing up for my right to stand up
Auto dealer revenge
Tie your shoes, peasant.
Reminder: always log out.
Yelling at the elevator??? Wait a little longer!!
Stalking me on Facebook means you're guaranteed to see some stuff you really don't like
Boss is an ass, I made him waste 2 minutes of his 'precious time'
I have a coworker who never picks up his mess on a shared desk.
You can keep your Job offer.
If you can't handle your drink, don't drink.
Write me up for your fuck up, huh? Oh, dear...stupid man...
We will totally send you a copy of our cd!
Don't Forget Grandma
Co-worker gets called out for taking advantage of an intern
Screenshots still working as intended
Franks and beans every day for a week...
A little gravel revenge
Sometimes, I wonder how some of my fellow bankers keep their jobs....
Looking for ideas on how to get revenge on neighbors
Revenge on my last day at Arby's
She lied so I stole her best friend
Honk and me - and wait.
Accidental subconscious pretty revenge.
Fight and/or Fuck loudly all night? No sleeping in for you!
Smoke weed in my flat? I'll get the police involved!
I NEED HELP WITH MY PETTY REVENGE
Treated like a child, acted appropriately.
Had an asshole customer at work
No Bonus? No problem.
Play music in the elevator for everyone to hear??
Petty airplane revenge
I'm so tired of people who don't think rules apply to them
We stranded a histrionic mooch at the airport for four days"Re: Re: Did You Get My Message? PLS REPLY URGENT!!"
Ice and Math payback
Complain at me about YOUR stuff on the counter? Fine...
jerks didn't help me find my room key
Petty revenge against my boyfriend's parents... Feels so good
Lousy job, City snowplow revenge!
Dealing with people that drive too close ..
Housemates from Hell
Children's play group - Daughter vs other boy
Assistant Manager Revenge
Roommate is unwilling to confront me directly? Well, enjoy me doing the opposite of your wishes.
Don't send me weird snapchats
Yell at me for something I didn't do will ya?
My father is awesome
Make my job harder and I'll return the favor
Make me late for lectures, I'll make you late for your interview
Petty revenge via a uncomfortably long hug.
Swim meet revenge
Critical of your Valentine's dinner and dessert? Make your own tonight.
Foreclosing bank &amp; shitty management company petty revenge…
The Locker Wars
Petty Valentine's Day revenge
Typical Neighbor from Hell story
Think I'm Gonna be Your Hookup After All This Shit? Fuck No.
My friend stole a couple of dollars from me.
Petty revenge on me!!
Oh, can't commit? I'll have this large, expensive box of chocolates to myself instead. Also should I tell her previous ex and/or current, new, within a week boyfriend of her typical/previous antics? :3 Also free stuff if anyone wants it.
Don't want to let me do my job? I'll force you to.
Mess up my Valentine's day mood? I'll mess up your netflix queue!
Be a butthead? No more rom-com for you!!
Go ahead and keep banging those pots kid and just see what happens.
So you don't want to communicate with me directly? Enjoy having me as your train-buddy, asshole!
When an animal extracts petty revenge, the consensus is it's well deserved.
Lunchtime massacre
Dishwasher Lecturer
Got back at lazy roommate
Don't abuse the buzzer.
So my husband ditched me tonight...
Sleep in my bed and I'll sleep in yours: revenge against my daughter
Loser room-mate ripped me off and got our power shut off...
Teenage Snow Plow Revenge
Ask for help in class then insult my working code? Let me know when you "find the bug."
Nice porcelain dogs. It would be a shame if something were to happen to them...
Six-year old me gets some sweet petty revenge!
Purell Revenge
Lose 5 seconds
This guy was a complete asshole to all camera operators, it is my pleasure to show his slip-up to reddit
Older Lady at Work
Postage and Poop
Make my sister cry, get your AIM account hacked.
The Dongle (x-post from prorevenge)
Drunken father
Don't be rude to your students.
My asshole neighbors no longer shovel their entire sidewalk
Big SUV parked a little too close
Don't want to pick up your own lunch and short me $5? You have no room to complain.
Petty revenge: God mode
Revenge on mom and sister
Cut me off then stop your car dead because you're an entitled little prick? Enjoy sitting at that red light, friend. (NSFW - lang)
Oh you wanted a job?
Roommate likes very long showers
Call me petty and I'll show you petty!
This is my desk, there are many like it, but this one is mine.
Incorrect directions? No customers for you.
Mess with my thermostat will ya...
Life ban.
[Help] My toilet paper is being stolen and I need revenge.
Circuit City Fire Alarm Revenge
Live in CA and someone piss you off in traffic? (Revenge within)
Halloween candy thief
5 mins inconvenience for me, 30 mins panic for them
Try to get me in trouble? I'll steal your chocolate.
Won't pay the utility bill? No internet for you!
Don't mess with the computer guy
Don't touch my bumper.
I was told to post this here (x-post askreddit)
Highlight this, bitch!
Have fun with my papers!
Speeder climbs my ass, gets pulled over
Getting Cut Off by a Semi-Truck
Cold roommate
Slow me down and you get to wait for me.
Wake me up at 2AM? Not without consequences.
Stop riding my ass
Petty Piano Revenge
Be a racist little shit? Enjoy a little.. shit.
I'm sorry, were you going to use this?
I threw up on a bad chief.
No pizza for you!
You done messed up now Jason! [x-post r/revengeporn]
Take the last spongebob shapes will you, feel my wrath!!
Someone parks in our garage (permit-level) crooked every day and I finally wrote a note.
Fellow employee yells at me for driving too fast while going 7mph in the parking lot, only to blow by me 2 days later going 30? Prepare for a rude awakening to your daily hour and a half nap in your car.
"Weird" set top box behavior.
I asked my ex if he was my secret admirer just to rub it in.
My roommate thinks he's a bed wetter
Don't pay me for bills, I will shave my hairy toes with your razor.
Be a dick and I will gladly waste your time
Mouth off to me will you.
Online board game revenge!Stoplight asshole, and why I love my car at night.
Late Night Frights
EX GF gets Urinal cakes with her face on them
It was me, I called the health department
Work Experience.
Give me important work documents late, here's the wrong team!
My petty revenge on working with the worst human I've yet to encounter.
Grab your own mail
Lock me out of my own room? Let's see how you like this.
Petty parking revenge
Don't stand so, don't stand so close to me.
Sweet sweet karma is a bitch
Can't be bothered to return your cart? Don't worry, I'm more than happy to waste your time for you.
Vacation
Another ass at the gas station
Be a bad friend to my sister? Good luck finding Candy Crush tickets.
Hello Comrades, this is a debriefing of Operation Petty Hell.
Treat me like crap? How about you stay in jail?
Tailgate me ? Think again!
Let me sleep or I'll play a game with you.
Interrupt my homework time? Let me educate you on your lingual shortcomings.
He deserted me so I ruined his career.
Be slow when I'm about to go on my dinner break? No half price, bitch!
My petty revenge gone wrong
Here is your change, ma'am.
I'm doing okay.
Drive like an asshat pay full price for your soda.
Oh, you wanted a smooth scoop of ice cream, my bad!
Ex-Girlfriend is an avid Reddit user. I hope she sees this.
Lord of the Fries
Unasked for but appreciated vengeance on my behalf
The usual - Child Parking spots.
Enjoy your grass stained textbooks
I caught a Mosquito and tore its wing off.
Dorm neighbour from hell gets a taste of his own medicine
Complain about me? I spit in your face.
I told on a little kid, and it was awesome!
petty revenge via people of reddit
Landlord's Bloody Revenge on Previous Tenant
The empty box.
Personal trainer not turning up for a personal training session?
But wait, there's more!
Big brother revenge
Bridezilla freaks over missing flower petals on her cake. (X-post AskReddit thread)
On the phone the whole time?
Fire my wife, wade through spam!
More kitty petty revenge...
CEO takes a snow day but emails at 8am suggesting we all show up?
The jackass that won't log out
A military revenge story reminds me of my own.
It takes so long for me to hurry my dog past your back yard...
Email barrage
My mom's revenge on Mr. Devilman
'Guidance counselor' revenge
Petty revenge on an inconsiderate friend
Revenge Against a Rager in League of Legends
My dad is passing away soon, so I thought I'd share some vintage Revenge
Break my heart? I'll take away Netflix.
I don't see your point
Safety first
Born In A Barn???
If you take your sport too seriously, so will I.
Complain about my shopping list will ya?
Revenge for being a douchey ex
Never kick my dog or I will enact some petty revenge
I felt vindicated
I can play the waiting game too.
Lounge chair revenge
Ice revenge
Revenge for taking enjoyment out of my job.
The Katy Perry text tone battle: How I ended up with my crazy roommate's laptop
Be a needy b**** and I'll over cook your chicken.
Story about my dad.
Mistreat animals? Say bye bye to your house fuckwad!
That's what you get for being a scumbag.
I took a dump on the red car
Question on revenging my neighbor
Roommate couldn't say no to a salesman.
Enjoy your books....
Keep me up will you?
Oops
Don't run! It's only haaam!
An eye for an eye, and soap for soap
I can't tell if I'm proud of this or not.
Oh you won't turn the TV off? IS THIS LOUD ENOUGH FOR YOU!
My "best friend" slept with the guy I was dating.
For The Seat Hogger
So there's this bitch who parks in the through lane at my daughter's Pre-K.
Wakey wakey
Passive-aggressive response to a crappy landlord
Unrelenting roommate!
Locked Out!
Sometimes they don't want our help. And don't deserve it.
Dirty Roommate Revenge
Don't mess with the girl that writes your cheques
Petty revenge on college asshats
It's the little things that make petty revenge so, so sweet
Got you to pack up and leave in the end, didn't I?
Petty Revenge Against My Roommate
Waste my time and I'll waste yours.Another revenge post on people who park over the line.
Be mean to people? No one gets to read your posts.
You copy my idea, well try configuring the Cameras
You eat my sandwich I mess with your calendar
Eat my food that I got specifically so I don't eat yours? Looks like your last Nutter Butter has just "Disappeared".
Reddit, why must I be this petty?
Give me the finger and steal a kiss? Guess you can't watch your video in peace.
Try and ruin my career? I'll ruin your self-esteem.
It's not a ticket, but it's what I had.
A Clean Revenge
My girlfriend demands that I always keep the toilet seat down
[Request] Appropriate Revenge for a Super-Bowl Party Crasher
Go ahead, Leave the lid up... one more time...
The Tenant has the POWER!
Can you look for a size 0 in the back? No. No I cannot...besides, everything is already on the floor.
petty renvege.
The deli lady revenge
Gf(now ex) hung out with an ex, my petty revenge.
I got annoyed at another redditor and downvoted everything he's ever posted.
My mom was laid off, seemingly for no reason, so she made sure to put the company's 800 number on her unemployment forms so they'd have to pay for the call.
How I feel every time I visit this subreddit.
Drive me crazy? I'll drive YOU crazy.
Laugh at me while I'm scheduling your appt? Don't expect me to do my best.
Parking my bike in college ..
Petty revenge against my boyfriend and his chips.
You park like a c**t
Make me listen to football all damn day, will you?
Roommate lets his awful girlfriend hide in his room while he is at work.
Petty Revenge against driver who parked on the line.
Don't bite the hand that feeds you.
Roommates don't care that I'm being considerate?
Girls keep grudges for a long time
Steal a store? Work in the dark!
Jackass tractor-trailer is forced to slow down and be courteous
Valentine's Day revenge
when I was 14, valentines day revenge
It takes two seconds.
TP vengeance
Petty bathroom revenge against women.
Roommate won't clean the fridge...
Pain in the nuts.
Why you shouldn't scream at people who book your flights
"Sorry, I cant find your layby"
Thanks, r/pettyrevenge!
Like to throw your cigarette on the ground and leave?
Mess up my shoes and I'll make sure you go away empty handed
Enjoy your crumbs, asshole
Happy Valenntines Day
Respect the Campsite
So I decided it would be a funny idea to fart in my cat Xavier's face
Karma is a bitch and smells like fish
Revenge involving an NHL legend
Act like a bitch, get the wrong size drink.
Cut me off? I'll make you wait a minute longer.
You accuse of me of stealing after tutoring your son? have fun watching his grade's flunk!
Put cement in my sink? Fuck your charts.
Make my day go badly? Break an explosive gas line.
Try to get out of work earlier than me?
When my husband pisses me off ...
Kiss my best friend? Enjoy the dirt in your food!
Company Rules
My music is WAY better.
Make a mess at MY house? You gon' learn today!
My sister didn't do the cat litter...
Revenge on the Gym Farter
Petty revenge on the train.
The Porn Bomb: EXPLAINED
Revenge on a Train
Too lazy to put your shopping cart away, lady?
Steal my popcorn, I steal your chocolate biscuits
Revenge on a seat stealer (me).
Douchebag Coworker
The Porn Bomb
If I'm fat then you're an old dried out cunt
speeding driver
can I reserve a table?
Start trying to sell me shit when I'm barely in the door? I've got all day to waste your time.
Petty revenge on bouncers.
Not necessarily Revenge, but petty and Sweet none the less :-)
Female hating on my long hair
Petty revenge on a coworker :)
Don't accept my help? Fine, then get caught.
I make them wait
An awkward sex ed class...
I control the internet of this house... you shouldn't have done that.
Bad neighbor revenge.
Left your food out for the hundredth time? Hope you like cat saliva!
Pay me beans, don't get my business.
Special K Chocolatey Delight Revenge
Steal comedians material to impress a girl? Time for some petty youtube revenge
Trying to sell something for money in the free section of the ads? Waste my time and I'll waste yours.
Police sanctioned and facilitated petty revenge in New Zealand
So tired of the noise
Shoe Department Revenge
Make fun of deaf people, get talked about behind your back.
Sell me fake weed and hash? I'll make sure everyone knows you're an asshole.
Terrible Boss
i caught my A/C company trying to rip me off. called them out on it.. then they voided my warranty (crosspost from DIY)
Asshole customer
Tap dancing raccoons in my ceiling.... landlord does nothing about it.My daily revenge on shitty companies
Annoying ticket tout gets his just desserts.
Lemonade revenge
Don't update your address when you move away? Your bills get lost in the mail...
My friend's revenge on a rude stripper
Clogged Sink
[Lengthy and Petty] Insult me via social media and call me childish? I will show you childish.
Party neighbor gets it
Takes just too much effort to walk 3 steps to the rubbish bin, doesn't it?
You're kicking me out of class because of your incompetence? Say goodbye to your computer network.
I'm tellin' y'all it's sabotage
Enjoy your shitty quality movie.
Oh, tailgate me with your high-beams on?
College housing neighbors from hell.
You're in the wrong lane.
Need help getting into your voicemail? How about I teach you like you're a 4 year old.
I got my petty revenge by being the nicest roommate ever.
Revenge on ex-coworker
Need help getting into your voicemail? How about I teach you like you're a 4 year old.
Mutual English Teacher/Student Revenge
Lied to a liar
You refused to get off the phone, so you get to wait a few extra seconds!
Petty neighbourly revenge
Say goodbye to your New Year's resolutions.
Not going to learn how to clean up after yourself? Fine by me!
Revenge against a shitty teacher.
Transform the house into Squalor Land? Receive stink bugs.
Electrician from hell.
Arsehole Tax
Laundry sent down inside out? Enjoy being inconvenienced later...
Make me feel bad, get your flyers removed.
High school
Cheating Girlfriend
Have a fun trip
Pronounce my name wrong, EVERYONE will pronounce yours wrong!
Keep me in the cold longer than necessary, will you?
Thanks a latte
Revenge for being punched and having my jacket stolen.
Of course you can use my earphones...
Time flies when you're collecting flies
Revenge against my Sgt who slept with my wife.
People who call support lines, get put on hold, hang up, and call back hoping for a person instead.
Fill the water yourself!
Throw your money at me will you?
Ex gets sex ad on craigslist
Stop me from getting in the elevator? Let me show you how annoying I can be.
Whenever my boyfriend makes me mad...
Talk Shit about Me? Have Fun Getting Dressed after PE.
Try to get my husband fired for calling you out? Work the worst job in the factory!
Petty revenge totally worth a night in jail
Be a jerk? Get into a fight with your girlfriend!
When I used to work fast food, if someone asked for "like" 5 packets of salsa, I intentionally gave them 4 or 6
Don't Want to Play the Starbucks Game? Enjoy Your Wrong Order
don't let me pee?
Well, who wants free games?
It literally could not have been more clear.
Rude customers will be forced to speak English.
You treat your own pet like shit because it doesn't understand you completely? I down vote your shit.
Sleep with my best friend? I'll make your room-mates hate you.
Petty revenge backfires on big sis.
Filthy sister never changes the toilet paper roll when it's empty
I take my cat for a walk
Didn't seek out revenge, the oppurtunity presented itself...when no one takes me seriously as a woman in computer science
Cut up my favorite hoodie, lose 300 dollars worth of CDs.
I don't care who used my shampoo my dear roommates. Now, fight.
Sister will be mean, I will make her think she has a rat problem.
Not enough room for you, bro.
I Don't Understand What You're Saying
That's some nice candy you have over there.
Apartment Hunting
Stop taking my stuff.
Fuck with my water bottle, your tickets get lost.
Showing a man in a utility truck that being the biggest vehicle on the road doesn't mean you own it.
Reddit karma kindy-revenge...certainly petty.
Girls know how to hit em where it hurts.
Spend all day ignoring your grieving family members? I'll make you poop your pants.
Sari-sari store snob
Deliberately take up two parking spaces in a crowded lot? Enjoy driving home sticky.
Loud ass neighbor adores his shitty car...
Piss me off, hear NPR.
Take the last slice of pizza? Lose your participation points in English class.
I was called a pussy for mentioning how bad my flu was.
Thumb of Justice
Scammer gets his due.
Treat me like a servant? Make your own damn bed.
Petty coworker revenge
Cut me off? I just want to make sure you know I noticed it.
Chew me out for being off by $7? Have fun with the extra work
Need advice on plotting my revenge!
Racist People Pay More.
Swift revenge on ice.
UPDATE: Refrigerator war continued...
Don't Mess With My Display Shirts
The petty revenge I still do every month.
Repeatedly forget clothes in our washer? No dryer sheets for you!
Jukebox justice
Lingerie revenge
Act like a rude idiot? Your child gets permanent markers.
Grocery Crusher
You play music at night, I'll play in the morningMake me wait while I'm holding out cash? See how it feels.
Waste my time trying to help you? Re-imaging it is. (xpost from /r/techsupport)
Steal from me, piss on you.
Drink all of my children's juice, expect catastrophic diarrhea.
How clean can I get it?
If you're rude, I can't give you directions.
Leave the house a dump? Enjoy spicy, spicy chili.
Throw your credit card at me? Better be able to catch yourself...
Unto others as you'd have done to you!
Unknown co-worker has made first move towards a refrigerator war.
Petty Restaurant Revenge
Petty Server Revenge
A small but incredibly satisfying petty revenge
Keep me up all night with the dryer? Enjoy your wet clothes in the morning.
Wanna be a dick, I hope you enjoy your new neighbors.
Petty Laundry
My wife drank all the milk this morning so I couldn't have any breakfast.
You can do without me? Get left behind In a huge parking lot.
CLACKITY CLACK
Won't help me find my mail? Nobody gets mail.
Wanna be a dick, hope you enjoy dirty Mike and the boys.
Make me drive without a license? I shall have my petty revenge!
"Hills have Eye" reject family seriously injures brother who's on military leave. Revenge is sweet.
"Hills have Eye" reject family seriously injured brother on leave from military; revenge imminent.
The person who fired me three years ago got fired today.
Being a bitch to my dog
Mailbox versus Redneck. Possibly not so petty.
Be a dick to me? I won't let you use my shit.
Ignore a red light and risk lives? OK, I'll freak the fuck out of you.
Gimme tha Loot Gimme tha Loot!
Just got a prank phone call from some teenagers somewhere. I feel like being petty. Any pros out there want to show them how it's done? I'll pm the number?
Just got a prank phone call from some teenagers somewhere. Any pros out there want to help me get some petty revenge? I'll pm the number.
Chair on Chair action
Hog all the bandwidth? No gaming for you!
Stop to talk to your ex while we're in a hurry? Walk home. Try to get revenge on me? Plan better.
Petty Revenge with a Screensaver
Facebook friend gets some sweet revenge when someone steals his parking spot
Rent me into an apartment in the basement of a fraternity house without telling me? Good luck finding a tenant for next year, ya dicks.
Salty (possibly NSFW)
Revenge backfire. Reset the counter...
The best part of wearing thongs...
Tossing money
Fart Potato
Cut me off? I'll slow you down.
Guilt me into not donating money? Embarrass you in front of the school.
Being a dick to your gas station cashier? Sure hope you like loose change.
My wife ate the last piece of pizza last night.
Mess with my laundry? Have fun finding your clothes.
Revenge For Stolen Birthday Cake and other Crimes
Be blaintly rude and get a huge bill
Take too long to take your clothes out of the washer? Well, looks like you have time to spare....
Ditch me at the last minute? Good luck on your test.
I just want a hot shower.
Misdeliver my package and waste my time? Allow me to reciprocate.
Mmmmm enjoy that view...
Number 2 Pencils
Ex-GF refused to return my HIMYM season 6 dvds...
So Many Emails
Hot-keys
I don't have time for your rudeness
Restaurant owner's kid acts a damn fool, gets regulated.
Make me wait for you, and then you'll have to wait for me.
Cut in front of me at line? I'll make your kids RUIN your life.
Dick Boyfriend= Snot Rocket in His Pillow
Don't want to help your tenant out? Enjoy your huge electricity bill!
Cut me in line? Fine.
Honk at me as I'm ready to go? Wait even longer, you strumpet!
My wife's petty revenge against me
Steal my clothes? Prepare yourself.
She'll never steal my toothpaste again....
Hassle me while I'm packing up? I'll make you incur a tiny extra expense next year!
Hassle me while I'm packing up?
I hope you don't like Game of Thrones...
Accidental Revenge
My soon-to-be ex-roommate wrote with a marker on the mirror telling my bf &amp; me to leave the water running in the tub (otherwise water might freeze, etc)
Act like a dink, get stuck on the road.
Signed up my terrible neighbor to volunteer for a political campaign.
Best friend payed for lunch on his birthday, has to stand awkwardly.
I was the victim.
Wet washer
[Update] Continue to deliberately treat me like an asshole (and treat my girlfriend like shit)? I'll f*ck with your car again!
Pube face
Bully - be- gone
Help with revenge on an employer
Thanks Dane cook, petty revenge ensues.
Parked in our private parking spot...ideas?
If you yell at me, you're just making it worse for yourself.
Wife Stealing My Socks and Posting on Reddit
Network printer revenge.
You going to insult me? Be prepared for my petty revenge
That's OUR stool!
Dear people who like to lean on poles in trains
My dog licked my lips
Don't Drink All the Fucking Grape Juice
Me vs. My Fiancée's Dog
Yell at me for something I didn't do? Hope you have some finger dexterity!
Bitchy attitude as a sales rep? I report you!
Shitty Cow-Orker
I Threw My Ex-Roomates Scale Into a Ravine
Bitchy neighbor (I suck with titles)Customer talk shit about me to my face
That's right EAT MY RAGE- x-post from /TalesFromRetail
Bragging to other applicants? Enjoy being one-upped
Office assholery
Unplanned Gym Teacher Revenge
Park your p.o.s Buick infront of my house? Walk 30 yards longer to get home, twice a week!
6th Grade Revenge.
Stay on your side of the bed... Or else!
Every time it brushes my eyelids, I feel a little happy twinge of petty vengeance.
Crap all over my masters degree? Don't get to listen in on the show I'm watching.
My sister was mean to me on our car ride home from school...
Enjoy your spit-beer, Uncle Douchebag.
At my wits end. Neighbors smoking.
My boyfriend's "Petty Pot Revenge" on our roommate...
Every dog has its day
My dog petty revenge'd me on our walk
hahahaha you're stuck with the shit chair!
Taco traitor
No clippers for you.
My old asshole landlord
pigment vs. sublimation ink
What's the best direct-to-fabric dye sublimation printer? hi everyone
difference between dye sublimation ink and pigment sublimation ink
question about printing on colored shirts?
Good Price for a DTG machine
Petty revenge in the making? What should I tell the guy who is trying to scam me into wiring him $1000?
I don't even care if she sees this.
Pen Ink and White Pants
Enjoy less tea, jerk.
A shirt for a shirt leaves everyone cold!
My response to a parking ticket
my dog hates running
Petty revenge strategy needed
Dad told me to get off the computer...
Petty revenge on my brother
VPs got our back :)
Wow that was stupid of you
The Nail Salon
ask to know t-shirt printing machine price
Being impatient and rude? You can wait some more.
The Invisible Squabble
Mildly inconvenient
Don't be a chronic douche to your IT guy.
BOOGERS 2: The best possible outcome from a previous petty revenge.
Called out a friends cheating ex-wife to her Sugar Daddy. (Girls can be bro's too lol)
How did you not expect to get peed on?
Thats what you get
Barking dog
Brother commandeers my homework station, mess with the computer.
Meeting at 5:00am my time? Lets see how you like it!
3rd Shift Revenge
So this lady called a cake gay...
Don't Respect the Cashier? I don't respect you Chocolate.
Don't Waste Water
The Ongoing Battle: Man vs Tail
Feel like being rude? Enjoy your long ride home.
Post Office avenged me.
A minor, un-noticeable yet irritable revenge.
My Roommate always leaves my towels on the ground. Also there is charcoal dust on my dishtowel from her hookah sometimes.
Get lost in the subway, tourists
My sister and I got in a fight,
Maybe you should clean your dishes
Recent Ex-girlfriend's "Cologne Christmas Present" Revenge
Revenge level: Step-dad
Personalized against regifting
No Magic Word? Those Straws Sure Are Tricky
Just a nice hot shower
Snappy and rude? Get a ruined ATM card in return!
Good luck shoveling your half, jerk
/r/pettyrevenge, College student needs your help.
Dog vs Owner
Use my paper? Pay the price!
Don't text while driving
I got more stories if you like this one...
Sorry for this
Don't pass too closely.
Entitled d-bags wait for their food in awkward silence.
Bitchy Customer Pays Extra
Car behind flashes me for obeying 30km/h speed limit
Fighting jackass driving with his own jackass driving.
Fart in the room will you?
Sprinkle Some Toe Nail Clippings
I hope he learned his lesson!
You can't hand me your card?
Here He Cums
"You're so rude, just, SO rude"
If you need a shower so badly, it's not going to be pleasant.
A splash of petty revenge
Your makeup looks "cakey"
You were supposed to wait. Now wait.
The better to poop on you!
Petty Snack Revenge
Trying to be petty? That's cute
City won't meet me half way. Fine, pay for your own damn hole.
Boiled Water Bitch
Attempt to get me to install malware on my computer? Enjoy the wasted time.
Walk in the rain
Whatever floats your boat.
Update from "Take your Holier than thou..."
Road rage got you a ticket (compliments of me)Be a dick and I get free drinks. BWAHAHA!
Play fair, asshole. It's just gym class.
Treat me like poo in your store?
neighbors keep using my 2nd car space. i put the recycling bin next to their drivers side car door
SHUT the FUCK UP
Your Cell Phone Can Be Put Down For a Moment
Cab Scab Petty Revenge
Old perv feels me up at a party, gets a serious headache.
Shut the fuck up in the fucking cinema.
Classic petty revenge
Petty revenge on the train!
Your dog bit me? Shovel your own driveway!
Don't get caught by Miss X
Allow me to demonstrate how annoying your behavior is.
Kid and his mom steal subway seat, I made kid lose his toy.
Want to torture and tease me all day? Game on. NSFW
Petty revenge on reckless cyclist led to unexpected karmic payback
[META] Your opinions on novels
Movies make me malicious...
Obnoxious uncle mooched of family for three months and would not move out
My cat scratched me.
Little guy cant keep up
Generally self centered?
My boyfriend left me in our hostel room, very drunk, while he went to the pub...
My ex's disgusting gf
You shouldn't be wearing anything tight anyway
Law breakers will be annoyed
Petty snack revenge on dog
Try and crash our nude beach? I'm about to make you very uncomfortable
So you want to park diagonally in straight lined bays?
Shaming people who push in a queue
Annoy my friends with concert filming? Two can play at that game.
Didn't study? Not my fault.
Buffet revenge
Boyfriend went to the bar without me
My mom made me upset...
The contractors
Don't order from me while on your phone
my Husband dutch-ovened me last night...
I don't want to talk to you.
Seeking petty advice for our neighbours.
'Beware the Pickle Bucket' from /r/talesbytoxlab
The Pothole
Mocking the mean neighbor
Could not sleep because my brother was screaming while skyping...
Chatterbox interrupts my office's efficiency, so I get a bit of revenge here and there.
If you're a government worker who always lets your voicemail pickup...
She dumps me for another guy; I made her cry.
flying home for the holidays
I made mugs of them all...
Petty Revenge Great-Grandma Style
My husband started playing with me in his sleep. We didn't finish. [nsfw]
I used to work at the drive-thru at a local bank...
A subreddit you might enjoy
Let there be foglights
I worked at Coldstone for 3 years.
Ditch me on NYE? No pizza for you!
It's still cooling
Smoke on the water. well under it.
No backpacks, but she can carry a picnic hamper sized handbag?
My boyfriend hurt my feelings
Who pooped the bed?
Take my food and tell me how to eat it? Lights out!
My friend kept pranking his university flatmate, this was posted on his wall today...
These are not the onion rings you're looking for.
Used the power of the sun on a tailgater.
Invade my space in the grocery line, I'll invade yours.
Sandwich Artist Revenge
A mother trucker the school instructor.
Office bitch's bitchiness is magnified by my kindness.
My girlfriend ate her brothers chicken........
Move Peasant!
Flick a lit cigarette aside in mid summer will you?
Hope the spot was worth it..
Some asshole took my spot after I shoveled 3 spaces for my neighbors and I in subzero temps.. Sucks to suck! (X-post from /r/funny)
First Class Bitch
Park in a No Parking Zone will you?
Non Fat Chai
Best regards
Fantasy football welcher revenge
Next time they'll check all their quarters.
Look, look with your special eyes!
Slightly inconvenience me, I'll slightly inconvenience you right back.
Don't respond to my bad times in your building? Enjoy me asking you about them as you show potential tenants around the building.
No patience? No respect for your property.
Hope you stay up all night
Waitress steals a piece of cheesecake and I get wrote up for it... or did I?
Want to be a loud annoying asshole at the airport? It's ok, I'll be "sweet" to you.
Enjoy your American Holidays!
Enjoy your American Holidays!
The day I threw a pebble.
NJ mayor refused to endorse Christie's reelection, Christie &amp; cronies create traffic jams in town.
You should be careful where you leave your stuff.
Server Revenge to Worthless Parents
Strangely Angry Train Man
That little extra mile.
A Grade School Girl's Revenge
My Second Grade Revenge
Complain to the rental company? Then enjoy being slightly annoyed...
Don't like others making noise even though you do the same thing? Take that!Taste the difference (x-post from /r/TalesFromYourServer)
Have some free Crab
No cuddling? Good luck finding your pillow.
Heh. Sorry about your shirt.
Stick to your own seat on the subway!
World Of Warcraft Girlfriend Revenge
My dog ran away for a couple hours tonight.
Cat revenge.
Pizza man revenge
Office bitch with a weight problem.
Pee on our shared home and threaten to kill me? Watch your property taxes rise...
Disregard my space? Eat a fart, lady.
Disregard my personal space? Well, lady, you can eat a fart!
Make racist comments about me? Well, lady, you can eat a fart.
I put an ad on CL for free sex with an old lady's number on it
Awkward Touching, AWAY!
Wrong Number.
Litter from a bus? Get your trash back, wetter this time.
My friends selfish room mate.
Petty revenge on an abortion protester
Keep calling to offer phone services? You're going to regret it.
Did it rain last night?
The highlight of my night.
Deny me sleep? I'll deny you sweets.
Didn't Know What You Wanted Me To Do With It.
Don't forget to prepare my lunch!
My two cents
Revenge of the Minecraft noob.
Movie night
Don't feel like buying quality gifts? Enjoy your turkey.
Halloween. My favorite holiday.
A dish best served cold
How I'm dealing with my cheating wife
She'll never do that again!
Mild, yet satisfying.
My puppy's revenge
Drink the last egg nog? No milk with your cookies.
Enjoy your diet coke!
Jerk-butt wants to lie, no notes for you.
Can't use common courtesy on the slopes?
got tipped $0.07 on a $93.93 pizza delivery
Delete my episodes? I'll send your movies to the Twilight Zone.
Yet another retail revenge story
Boss gives away my promotion to a coworker less qualified than me. So I'm giving him a real headache.
block me in? pay the asshole tax.
Public phone call, and you expect privacy?
Probably shouldn't put public pens in your mouth, especially if you're a bitch.
Kitty revenge
Be stupid and try to scam me? I'll TAKE my refund and give out a couple more.
What annoying or hilarious mailings can I have sent to my asshole neighbor's house?
More Deli Style Revenge
Revenge by a Canine
This means war.
Small revenge on a prankster
Ex-girlfriend fabricated a pregnancy, looking to get some revenge
Took the idea from another redditor earlier, enjoy being stoned with a connection to the internet.
One more before bed.
Enjoy your lump of meat
No points for you
Neatnick nanny erases spouse, I erase her handwriting.
Avoiding The Receipt-Check
How's that for sweet and sour?!
I'm tired, busy, and have no time for your shitty parking.
Cops want to use my dads driveway as speed trap. Icy window for you.
That'll teach you to park properly
My Girlfriend Hacked My Reddit Account
My asshole of a little brother finally got what was coming for him.
Hope you like Thursdays!
Revenge on my religious mother
Walt gets petty...(Breaking Bad)
Act like jack-asses in public? Enjoy *this* aroma!
I know you are stealing my food
Never underestimate someone with nothing to do today.
The rudest bowling ball ever
This is a story that happened on New Years
Chicken shop revenge.
Wake me up with your raging? Good luck having internet.
Brother said that XCOM from 1998 was easy. I got sweet, sweet revenge.
Game Over
I'm onto your head games, jackass.
Tomatoes and mayo
Out lifted a body builder
Napkins, you say?
betcha can't eat just one
Roommate never puts dishes away.
[META] I think you all need to review the meaning of the word 'petty'.
I've had enough of your lies, and I'm taking it out on your face
A DIY Craigslist Alarm Clock
Disney Revenge Prank -- Was told this would be welcome here!
Treat me like an irresponsible kid? I'm not afraid to act like one.
The Evil Fork
Drive like an asshole, get treated like an asshole.
A couple brought three toddlers to The Hobbit and they would not stop screaming randomly or at everything onscreen.
His cries of frustration are a balm for my soul
Petty revenge on my drunk girlfriend last night
Sure, don't control your kid on a plane.
What's that smell?
My mom's adventure at the post office
Douche and a Turd (slightly gross)
My GF's father doesn't know he got what he deserved... Mildly [NSFW]My SO will find me slightly less sexy tonight.
Steal my sale and fuck with my commission? I'll fuck with your department goal!
My mothers petty New Years revenge.
Rushed, rude guy has to wait.
Ruin my relaxation, wasting my time? Enjoy the noise.
Goof off at work and I'll make sure that people notice you. [Tales From a Fireworks Tent]
Liars never prosper
Friend ditched me on NYE. I fucked his ex he still has feelings for
Verbal bitch slap
Mac and cheese
Step mother wants to be a huge monster my entire childhood? Sleep in the handicapped cabin.
Dirty towel in the sink? I don't think so
1-800-ASK-USPS about how annoying I can be.
Take THAT, HR!
No Christmas Bonus? That's ok.
The Post-It note.
Woman physically stops me from drinking my ICEE in a movie.
Using my neighbor's noisy dog against them
No Happy New Year for you.
Fuck your precious tools
Fool me once, shame on you, try to make me look like a fool and I won't be so kind.
Taxi driver scared my mother; I reported him for illegally smoking in his taxi.
Make me trip on your shoes... good luck finding them
Hummer tries to take up two spaces
Why being a road rage afflicted driver doesn't pay off.
Mmm, milk!
Anyone ever used email revenge
I said I'm NOT Chinese!
Let the door hit you on the way out...
You want to take my table from me? Well you can have my trash too.
Laundry
Embarrassed a parent behaving badly
Swim teacher strikes back
Football revenge on my mom
Ruin my BBQ with a drug-fueled freakout? You will never see your shoes again
My roommates never clean up after themselves. I am not a fan of this behavior.
Driving my coworker even more crazy
Request: this is just a test
I'm sorry reddit, but try to hear me out; I spit on a cat.
Revenge on my brother
Request: My roommate is an insensitive tool and I want to sign him up for a bunch of spam emails and telemarketer calls. Who should call and email him?
Yes, we can get you in right away.
Petty revenge against a rude customer
He will probably start wearing shoes soon
Steal my new exclusive 3DS XL? I'll return the favor by double.
Too bad it's not your decision
Hope you have to suck those potato chips through a straw
Spidery revenge!
I slam my apt door to spite my neighbor below me.
Tales from the toy store (x-post from /talesfromretail)
Make me go to Costco twice? The second time will take awhile.
A little bit of Christmas petty for my boyfriend's stepmom!
I did an evil thing on the way to the library.
Petty revenge on ex-boss who fired me for a non-reason at a bad time
Revenge for an ex-roommate
Don't screw me out of my hash browns.
Boyfriend ignored me all day to play video games, I farted all over his clean clothes
Better to be pissed off than pissed on!
Wanna yell at us? Enjoy some extra Onions on the house!
Don't Believe Me? I'll Prove it to You.
How I coaxed a mean manager out of $50
Petty revenge in mail
The day of the flying chocolate milk.
So how many of you ever bit someone?
Do not come between a man and his cheese!
x-post from /r/wtf - Have you ever been so mad that you rammed your desk into another person's head?
Who Controls the TV remote
Giving grandma a taste of her own candy
Ex girlfriend breakup revenge
2 years of torture lead to some sweet, sweet revenge.
Enjoy the sugar
Make fun of me? Sit at work by yourself on your birthday.
Christmas revenge upon my mom
Some local residents poisoned the trees which were obstructing their view of the beach. The council, unable to "prove" who did it, erected this billboard... Priceless.[x-post /r/funny]
Passive revenge on a mean middle school principal, 5 years later.
Christmas revenge on a mother-in-law
Christmas revenge upon my Catholic sister
Don't tailgate me when I'm already speeding.
That'll show her!
I'm not a dog. You can wait 30 more seconds.
Bitchy Lady at Starbucks
My bitch ex left a shirt at my house. She asked me if I knew where it was, so me and my new GF made her this.
You want a table to sit and eat at? NOPE.
I changed the password to my netflix and logged it out of every device he has...
Sweet, sweet, coffee-flavoured revenge
"At least you went for one of those natural colors..." Haha, not anymore!
Go out without your family?
Shipping Karma; or, UPS and USPS Aren't the Same Thing, Idiot
Not going to tip me? Good luck on getting the change you want.
Little sister gets a big helping of revenge
Straight through and right hand turning ONLY
Petty Crimson Skies revenge
You want to make a point? Here's mine.
Revenge against the magazine
My petty revenge tales, part 4: I go full retard with my revenge.
Yes, as a matter of fact, I can go slower
No cigarette for you.
Cut me off, insurance goes up!
First Class Ass
Act rude when waiting for a table, enjoy being stuck at the barPetty Hockey Revenge
Cut me off in traffic? Good luck getting in the building.
Eat my food, get locked out
You want to be rude? have fun picking up your change.
A few months old, however...
Petty Revenge at the pump
My REVENGE on Denny's waitress
Double parking? Not on my watch
Don't steal my toy!
Cut in a long line at Trader Joe's? Enjoy my flatulence.
Dont Park in front of a Fire Hydrant...
Thus The Season For Entitlement
A very nutty revenge
Use my shit and get shit on.
Apartment manager can suck a fat one
My revenge is served burrito-style.
I saw you steal that candy bar.
High beams directly behind me? I hope you're not in a hurry.
I am a boss
Have fun without me? Be prepared for my wrath!
Be mean? Enjoy having slightly less of your favorite flavor of candy.
Shoot my house with a paintball gun? Consequences.
I told my roommate not to enter my room or use my equipment while I'm visiting family over the holidays. I was gone less than a day and he sends me this video. I'm not even mad. - [0:28]
You judge my favorite TV show, and I'll judge yours!
Neighbor calls me and my girlfriend the "police" and then tells us "fuck the police", gets police called on him for being a vandal.
Guy harasses me about my crush, I put his number on 4chan.
Up Here
Karma's A Pussy
You don't want to help when you're asked? Then I guess you don't want to help with placing figures either...
My cat hates whores (the story of a very good cat)
Sometimes life makes you play the waiting game.
Manager power tripping
My cat is a rather good judge of character.
The snowman with the heart of iron
airport traffic control wont let me wait for a few seconds? Be scared bitches
Petty Revenge at the Theatre
Got everyone fired because they were jerks to me
College laundry rooms are a warzone
Keep me up, will you?
Fuck you, get your own wifi.
Old Man Winter strikes back!
Old Man Winter strikes back!
I told my husband I made homemade milanos with triple chocolate, but actually filled them with ground raisins
Be a bunch of dickbags while I'm in the bathroom? Enjoy buying toilet paper sooner than expected.
Call me a dirty foreigner in the elevator? Enjoy the ride assholes.
Like to throw away other peoples stuff? Fine.
Endure the scraping, oh angry one.
Cheese with your whine?
Wait your turn!
XBOX One for the Ages
Very, very petty waffle revenge
Planning to fire me after Christmas? Enjoy your guilt-laden present.
In your face!
Jump ahead in the checkout line? I'll impede your exit.
Don't be a Dumb Ass Bitch
Petty Canadian revenge
Yum, free Skittles.
Skipping traffic? Have more traffic!
Helped my brother spread some petty Christmas revenge on his HOA
Busy train revenge happening live!
Traffic double petty revenge, with help.
My petty downvote revenge...
Reddit, I need the hive minds help!
Petty water revenge.
Steal my parking pass, deal with the consequences.
Calm your tits and be more specific next time.
Worst Landlord Ever
Lie to me about what's covered by insurance? Enjoy counting coins
Block traffic? Find your own way in.
Fuck your mittens.
Hold the Mayo
Make fun of me when I'm sleeping, too bad your bedtime is at 8 o'clock and I'm bored!
The wrath of a spa tech.
Petty revenge ideas?
Yell at me for no reason in the field? Enjoy breakfast.
Not like it even costs you...
Pretty petty parking payback.
The mostly used giftcard gift
A petty revenge on petty waiter
Basic revenge on a food thief
Rain or shine, snow or sleet, we deliver your mail! BS.
Your jeans
Immature ex doesn't get his stuff back
Fine, have an ugly Christmas
Least effort for the most return
Cheat on your review sheet? Enjoy bombing your semester test.
content management for a reason
Mixing Up Mr. Excitable
Craigslist
Try to show off to to the whole school and make me look bad? The karma god's hit you hard.
When you mess with me, the sink gets it!
Watch my TV, will you? Hm, I actually think I could use another computer monitor.
Enjoy your "vegetarian" breakfast.
Enjoy paying that photo ~
I am not your personal bank
You want to complain about a free photo with Santa? Fine, then, be a Grinch.
Being a jerk while fishing in the wilderness?
My Aunt Flow left a present. Merry Christmas
Eat shit, old man.
Your dog likes me more.In Which an Old Lady Complains about the Lawn
Road Rage Doesn't Get You Anywhere Fast
Kick my car when I'm being polite; enjoy being blind.
Revenge thanks to r/freebies
Recycle Bin Wars
So, you don't want to change lanes so I can merge
Customer neglects common courtesy, I do the same.
Don't listen? Don't get the sale!
Talk down to me? Have fun working your shift!
Reddit, how did you get revenge on a bully, thief, or adversary in general?
Enjoy your peppers beeeyatch!
Get your own goddamn juice.
A fleet of interstate buses came into my restaurant 3 minutes before close... [X-Post /r/TalesFromYourServer]
My sister is more entertaining than NASCAR
Not sure if we can link videos, but this definitely qualifies as petty revenge.
No cheap cab ride for you! No shaded seat for you!
Be rude on the road, be ready to reap what you sow.
You're doing WHAT in my bathroom?!
Don't call me names unless you are prepared for the consequences.
Wake me up by being loud and rude on a morning? Come back later to get paid, bastard.
STEEEEEEAK!
I'm that Petty (NOT A STORY).
Maybe you should do your work for once
I get that my lawn is a bit unkempt, but don't be a dick about it.
Ride the shoulder? I'll slowly dig your grave.
Want to use the Netflix on my dime? I don't think so.
Friends Grandfather, in a fit of rage, smashes a lamp in front of an old lady to teach her a lesson.
Petty revenge served in a coffee mug
Certainly. Have it your way, boss.
Recycling revenge
Petty in the Post office.
Tiny but effective revenge for a landlord out of control
Scumbag movers don't even know they've already lost.
Clog the toilet? Good luck getting toilet paper next time.
That is MY chair
Kill them with kindness.
Be rude to me while I'm boarding your bus? I don't feel guilty about the stain on your seat.
Two years later.
Aggressive drivers get no mercy from me.
I don't put up with corporate BS without exacting a price for my wasted time.
Why You Should Stop Before You Should Start
Make me cry? Get passed up for a job.
Get your own fucking water!
Turn down yer music ye damn kids.
You ruin my sour cream, I ruin your coffee.
I'm not usually like this. I swear...
ex bf writes an email to me
I recommended someone for a job, solely for the joy of taking it from them.
One cool bus driver.
Do you feel lucky?
Boss threatens to take bonus- I sabotage his soda.
I stole my brother's birthday.
Can't bother to say thank you?
Get ready for a dousy
Origami Snares
You have a flat tire.
You abandon your dog and want him back after I trained and took care of him? Have fun trying to get him to listen to you!
A very small bit of revenge for Jewish people everywhere
The best revenge is when I don't even have to do anything
Why can't you just refill the toilet paper?!
Laundry revenge went better than anticipated
Seek and you shall find. And if you find it I'll hide it again.
Oh, rush to cut me off in the grocery store checkout line, will you?
Be an inconsiderate roommate, Enjoy the rash!
Probably the pettiest thing I have ever done.
"Let's not watch this."
My Glorious Revenge... FOILED!
Petty revenge on our petty coach
Guy acted like a jerk, I got him arrested.
Dude in my sister's class calls a wounded combat vet un-American
Be an inconsiderate neighbor? OK I guess I'll take my sweet time in getting your electricity back on.
You don't live here, so you'll wait
Request to cut off my power in the middle of the night?
Welcome
DadVenge
The time my boss rustled my jimmies so I robbed him
Ill teach you to hang up on me
Don't know how to clean up after yourself? Well your toothbrush sure knows how.
I got in a bitch fight with an eight-year-old over markers.
If you don't even bother to pretend to be professional, neither will I.
want the link?
report "GhOst x R4G3R" and "LeBeauGringo" on XBL for cheating me and my friend out of a much deserved victory in Clash of Heros.
Secret Santa brings only vengeance!
Two drunks harass a woman and are lewd in public, get a one way ticket to the drunk tank.
Ex-landlord withheld my security deposit.
Enjoy your fucking toast, bitch.
I'm not in a position to do tit-for-tat, but I had to, anyway.
Bump into a nice lady, will you?
All up in yo hair
You're too lazy to sit on your ass for 10 minutes? That was the wrong thing to tell me this early in our shift.
Eat concrete.
Slow down internet for messy roommates?
Which apartment do you live in?
Enjoy my scent
Boom headshot!
Park behind me? Enjoy defrosting your car!
Delicious Revenge
I don't like you. My friend doesn't like you either.
Want to be inconsiderate? Hope you like showering in Glade.
The owner and I get into verbal snipingI must have used it all
Picked up a dickhead, his loss.
Why yes, I appreciate your rude slovenly behavior that embodies why I can't stand my peers then or now...
The Tale of the One Armed Lady.
Laundry Revenge
Wouldn't sell me beer.
(x-post from r/fatpeoplestories) My dad told me how he got back at his asshole co-worker that kept stealing his food
GG mom gets revenge on my behalf
I felt my Ex-Boyfriend needed a little religion in his life...
Don't ask if i want to eat too? Get your own beer.
They made me do two jobs
Irritate with noise all day, I file a noise complaint
So my friend got hold of my Facebook password...
Sweet cutoff justice
Another fuel thief
Deliberately treat me like an asshole? Enjoy driving across the state!
The petties little revenge of all..
Won't give me a hotel room? I'll make you give me one.
Shared Office Bathrooms
My dad and a fuel thief
Annoying parent yells at me during a softball game, I listen to her. Almost too accurately.
Stick your tongue out at me, get leapfrogged.
So I cropdusted a child last Christmas...
Mess up my office, I'll mess up your day.
Flirt With A Taken Guy, Get Taken For A Ride!
Grandpa and the fuel thief
The delivery driver was mean to my grandma.
Trash the crew lounge? Forget lost and found!
The Below Zero Weather Reminded Me of This Warm Weather Story.
No tip on a giant order AND you tell me how to do my job? I'll make that large a medium.
The ultimate Christmas burn in the form of charity
You're just making me want to walk slower.
Is your phone call worth a piece of tuna smothered charcoal?
Just a terrible person
Play loud music late at night? Enjoy your carsicle
Retail Hell: the elusive thundercunt edition!
Left out an important detail...
What, do you think there's two lines and you're the only genius that got in the other line??
A couple of highschool freshmen
College Laundry Revenge
Cleanliness out of Dirtiness
Revenge on the obnoxious Bachelorettes
Being annoying? More ice for you!
No sleep for me? No breakfast for you.
Block the handicapped parking? Prepare to be shamed in front of your neighbors.
In a hurry? I wont slow you down anymore.
More restaurant revenge! This time, I get the dishwasher.
Don't fuck with the people who work with you.
Petty Update to my Pro Revenge - Don't pay me, get reported for tax fraud.
A dish best served slightly cold
Then, there are the dicks.
Happy Halloween Asshole!
Ask to cheat off my paper for a test? As you wish...
Revenge against parking spot thief
Burn Me, Put Up with My Sh*t
Homophobes make it so easy.
Ticket me for having a bell on my bike? Enjoy getting the shit scared out of you.
Almost cause a wreck? Smell farts.
Stole my gift idea, he doesn't use it
Road Justice.
Wake me up? Change your bike light.
Steal my cab? I will find you.
No job for you!
Sit on me, get bony elbow to breastbone, when I need to get up.
Use my essay? Get an F.
Treat me as if I'm stupid and an invalid, I'll let you waste time in traffic.
Hope you like this Christmas list!
Rude concert people got what they deserved
The Fridge Fiasco
Oh, so you're in a cab, are ya?
Scalper charging way too much for a ticket to an already sold out show gets scammed in revenge by a fan
Control your young.
Steal my shopping cart, eh? Enjoy your groceries.
In which I track down a repeated-offender asshole driver's address, and proceed to do peel outs in front of his out at 3am
Cut me to get water? I don't think so.
In Through the Out Door?
Locked out. Ha!
Santa wraps your present wrong!
Petty revenge on an OkCupid scammer... currently in progress...
Passive aggressive petty revenge
In which I gum up a nosy cashier's day.
Get annoying cats and ruin my knife? Enjoy the extra mess to clean up.
You're welcome, "Our Neighbor At" Unit 2
Stole my internet? You are not prepared
looks like you'll be paying 10 dollars more for your son to ski...
Don't you rev your engine at me!
Moved all of the things i bought out of the kitchen.
You piss me off? No homework for you!
How I quit my job today, explained in Tom Hiddleston gifs.
Late to Class Everyday? No Notes for You.
I Hate it when People are Always Late.
Helped end an ex's engagement, feeling amazing.
Being arrogant? Have fun without your water bottle.
Bitch out on my co workers? Go stand on another line.
Delicious hot chocolate
My "friend" outed me and found a surprise in his shorts later
Helped end an ex's engagement, feeling amazing.
Aww, no toilet paper? My house has toilet paper.
Drunken neighbor hit's friend's car, acts nice at first, then refuses to pay up
Copy machine is messing up! AGAIN!!..."And the Petty Dick Award goes to..."
Clean the frakkin dishes
Kerosene not gasoline
A relative shared a story with a very unexpected result.
Someone's parking job got them the note of bad karma tonight. :0
Don't want rubbish in your car? How about right next to it?
Parked in front of my driveway.
Asshat, Ima down vote you
Mcdonald's Revenge
10 years later, but well worth it.
Dont help us move? enjoy having no money.
Ask me to get donuts, throw hissy fit when I don't move fast enough. No milk for you!
Look at the green, Oil Man!
Remember, remember the dicks of Movember. Be careful when you make up reasons to fire the guy who controls your corporate social media.
Made me almost miss my bus stop? Revenge is coming your way.
Hygiene's a bitch.
Remember, remember, the Dicks of Movember. Be careful when you make up reasons to fire the guy who controls your corporate social media.
Diva out on me, no less income for you.
THANK YOU FOR THE PRESENTS!
Slightly less food for you. Why? you will never know
Fart in my room and leave?
Small but subtle.
Finding ways to be passive aggressive to messy customers.
Be rude to my coworker? Enjoy your meals.
Perfect little petty revenge on terrible roommate
Brothers girlfriend
Pennies on the floor
My Friend thought it be funny to mix a few red socks with my whites. A few hours before his date I hid all his clothes and replaced them with my girl clothes.
I hate my job.
Grocery stores are the pettiest places
Annoying cheese guy at the deli
Petty revenge.. On my dad haha...
My mom goes bat shit crazy when a guy steals her parking spot
Can't queue politely? Enjoy my bodily odours.
Talk so loud I can't hear my DVD with headphones? Hillbilly Christian Bluegrass for you!
Bullied me throughout highschool and expected me to do your shift? Ha!
Leave the fridge door open? No food for you!
Kick me out of the house? Have fun going to Walgreens!
Petty revenge on my dad.
Six hours late? No hospitality for you!
Wreckless Driver Revenge
Thanksgiving Revenge
Thanksgiving Revenge
Need the computer? AND the shower? Huh.
Black Friday With My Father
Eat Cool Whip you ungrateful bitch.
Man live-tweets his Thanksgiving petty revenge
Refuse to walk 5 steps? No discount for you.
Park like an a**hole? Enjoy being posted online!
Damn your peninsula.
Yes, ma'am, hitting the redial button will get you the RIGHT number next time.
Leave one piece of paper towel?
Wake me up to go Black Friday shopping when I said I had to wake up early in the morning for work and couldn't go, SEVERAL TIMES? You're waking up with me.
Never forget the ranch dip
We don't need your money.
Enjoy your damp and slightly linty laundry, bitch!
McRevenge II
Laundry Petty Revenge
Where did that bottle of pop go?
I used my own money dammit!
Make a little girl with downs syndrome cry will you?!
(GTAV Petty Revenge)Destroy my car as im pulling out of my garage? Have fun having multiple bounties on your head.
Don't help me with YOUR chore? You're getting tickled.
Thanksgiving more like revenge giving.
self checkout revenge
Try to get me demoted? Enjoy getting locked out.
So youre lazy? No print for you.
Revenge Sandwich
You were rude and didn't care about serving our table? Enjoy this nice tip
The case of the blocked drains
Have you ever smelled ceramic glaze? It's bad.
Stupid oblivious woman almost hits me in office parking deck
Crazed stalker
Something, something, enjoy water in your face.
Can't throw garbage in a can? Have fun with a messy door.
Don't make jokes at my expense
Don't steal my Hot Pockets
I'm glad we both have break-away mirrors.
Hey, I'm walkin' here!!!
Wake ME up at 4 AM?
Hog the Bed and see what happens
It didn't change a thing, but for that moment, I felt so much better...
Want to threaten me? No more free netflix.
A couple of guys decided to pick on me when I was ten. I spent 4 weeks slowly destroying them through the use of computers.
Take out your trash
Don't mess with people from tech support
My ex left a shirt at my house. She asked me if I knew where it was, so me and my new GF made her this.
You followed the recipe, and it still tastes different? How strange!
Make cheap comments about my girlfriend? No sale for you!
Fill the sink with dirty dishes? Not any more!
So you want to talk on your cell phone and completely ignore the cashier huh?
(Pet)ty revenge on my dog.
Monopoly Revenge
Bathroom Pet Peeve
No tickets for you!
Posted last week about my apartment doing a video contest for most views, winner getting $400. Well the contest ended and I had the most views (1347), but they're claiming that the other videos (799) get extra credit and therefore beat mine... I guess they're getting their own petty revenge on me.
Don't mess with the pregnant lady!
There is no "we" anymore: Round 2.
Bitch about my driving? Enjoy the spilled coffee.
Wake me up every morning for three weeks? Stay outside and get wet.Delicious loaf of bread (part 2)
Corn Chip Pal
Slob Roommate (and some truly petty revenge)
Don't Mess With the Pregnant Lady!
No belly rub for you
Have fun finding your clothes.
Hidden Remote
The evil uses of Engine Grease...
Fuck your sandwich
Potato Problem
"Living well is the best revenge." Law school story inside . . .
Cuddleblocking dog
I'm a sore loser at Magic, sometimes...
I poured water in your ice maker/dispenser
Seafood Department learns not to complain about 99s.
Petty RuneScape Revenge.
Country Club Tales: Hows That Dip? (X-Post from /r/TalesFromRetail
I suspect my housemate of having eaten my guacamole.
Yell at me. I will follow policy to hurt the business.
Why you don't want to get on the bad side of 500 elementary schoolers
Bad Roomates ate my freshly baked pies [Repost from /r/badroomates]
Use al the hot water, enjoy watching only 90% of your movies.
Revenge on a misogynistic restaurant customer.
Took the remote with me.
Alice in Chains on repeat
Revenge on annoying movie patrons.
Send your sexy beauties to snapa-tit! Girls, you know what to do ;)
thirsty white hoe
Enjoy your stay on the table...
The Cellphone vs the movie
My roommate's girlfriend keeps leaving her shoes in my room. I got back at her yesterday and she still doesn't know. (x-post from /r/pics)
Taking advantage of a jerk's anger issues.
Have fun getting of the bathroom!
Habla español?
Steal my $20? Enjoy being arrested
Spell my name wrong, will you?
Assistant Principal Gets Unwanted Calls
Time for some petty revenge
Okay, you can play in offline mode then
My supervisor takes advantage of her position...
No Light = No Nookie
Flash your high beams at me? Get stuck behind the bus!
Delicious loaf of bread
Pay me with $100 Bill? Enjoy the $1's!
A not so friendly reminder.
Oh, what a big man, yelling at a pensioner. Let's put you in your place, big man.
Please, don't make me come back out here.
Girl with OCD gets petty revenge on Dad
Pillow? What pillow?
How dare you write on my friend's car with permanent marker
You're being shitty, so I'm not telling you something very important...
The elevator door has a really long delay, too
Petty Revenge in a Video Game (Team Fortress 2)
"This is my own private domicile and I will not be harassed…bitch!"
I will shame you with my stare
I hope being a huge asshole was worth the money. :)
Call me a misogynist? Good luck uploading your syllabus without me
Talk through every single lecture? Lose all your coursework data
Don't know if this is petty, but I hope the person who shot that bird was anxious for hours
so this one flaming bitchcunt.
Need ideas for petty revenge against shitty landlord
"Have fun."
Notify me last minute that you need an order out today, and accuse me of being lazy when I say it's not possible?
Karma's a bitch, and so am I
My Mother-in-law's petty revenge
Tailgate me? Teamwork pays off.
Freeload off my dryer???
You steal from me I still make money.
Everyone, The time has come.
my girlfriend's mom had it coming...
Take forever to dry your hands? Keep trying.
Honkers revenge
Don't pester me, cat, or you won't like the results.
Proving a homophobe wrong
Make fun of my autistic friend? Clean the toilets!
Insult me on my birthday three months ago? No free food for you.
Make my time at uni miserable? I'll ignore the crap out of you at graduation.
Try talking over me now. How about now?
If you're not going to wake up, enjoy interruption.
Decline my friendly invite with no explanation? Allow me to return the favor
Screw me once, That's fine. Screw me twice...My Dairy Queen adventure
Make Us Pay A Fine? Thats Fine With Us.
Sue us will you? Take our payment!
Teacher shouts at me for going to my brother's funeral, I swap her pens for permanent markers.
Almost push me onto the tracks? Good luck grabbing your desired seat.
My stoner bf earned it
Dumb Cunt
Fine, no tp for you
Samsung had to pay Apple a $1 billion fine. They paid in coins.
My teacher gives us too much work. I act accordingly.
Ruin my tv time? Get a slight cold and look at my balls.
Wake me up from my much needed sleep? Wake up to cold feet.
DON'T LIKE ME LISTENING TO LADY GAGA?! WELL THEN I'M GOING TO MAKE YOU LISTEN TOO, WITH SPEAKERS AT MAX.
Rude manager's bathroom adventure
Treat me like a dog, I quit half way through my shift!!
Tailgater gets stuck next to a semi which gave me a semi
Call yourself an asshole as if you're proud, be prepared to be treated like one.
Some people just want to watch the world drink sour chocolate milk.. I hate those people.
If you can't wait your turn, you will lose your cart.
My story of revenge on my inconsiderate roommate.Idiot at a party decides to bullshit to look big, gets asked politely not to be so rude.
Free Apartment Slam
Tell me to hurry up? Better get the lead out.
Petty Candy Crush Revenge
Take our food away? Enjoy the extra thousand calories on that "diet" meal....
You really think you'll get your job back after that?
Brat gets her comeuppance
Don't know how to be a good airplane seatmate? Hope you enjoy not looking out the window.
Emergency Revenge
Can you count that high?
Three Card Monte [x-post /r/TalesFromRetail]
Some people feel entitled to too much these days
I made a subreddit called okayish revenge.
Facebook revenge
Two stories of Petty Revenge from my first job.
Don't piss off the guy who handles your groceries...
Complain that I'm going to text during a movie, I won't touch my phone once
Redditor calls me out for not being a fan of A Song of Ice and Fire, but refers to the series as "A Song of Fire and Ice"
Sorry, couldn't hear you...
On a "diet?" Enjoy your soda.
How about you watch the eighth notes, buddy.
Cats got me for being lazy
Try to take the two best parking spaces?
Next time, don't park like an asshole!
Giving me attitude when I'm trying to do something nice!
Be a brat in the store, enjoy the dog biscuits.
Don't want to live together next year?
Tabletop revenge, was never planned, but so happy it happened.
You'll be sorry if you mess with my computer
Revenge on credit rating fuckers
Petty Revenge: Hockey Edition
The time I played with a high school player
(NSFW) Revenge is best served salty and in her eye...
Be nice to people who answer the phone
Block my way? Face my wrath
I don't enjoy fishing things out of dumpsters.
Didn't switch your laundry?
Petty revenge on children
It's going to be a long night.
Just made this comment on someones submission. Realized it probably belongs in /r/pettyrevenge.
The Camera didn't like her.
You get the price you asked for.
Won't let me pull through? You won't be able to either.
Be a jerk? Have all of the change.
The silent treatment
Jackassery is aerodynamic
There is no "we" anymore.
Petty revenge so sweet I fell asleep.
Forget to tell me "I love you! Good night!"?
Drink Share Petty
Don't act like you own the road...
Another petty revenge on a plane
The one where I try to get petty revenge on a raccoon
Nearly run me over? Go slow for the next 5 blocks.
Let's All Go To The Lobby.
My apartment has not been the best apartment. They are doing a video contest for touring your apartment.
Dick around with my hours? Have fun being a person down on Thanksgiving and Black Friday!
Have fun being late to work tomorrow
Please, push your seat back more so I can get my knees further into your back.
Petty Revenge against JPMorgan Chase Bank
Foul smell revenge
Won't reciprocate my smile? You're dead to me
Help me get revenge please!! It will make me start posting back in GW/GWC
We're Not Playing Catch?
you thought you were getting some of my drink?
Would you like cream with that comb over?
So this guy made a girl cry..
If you cause unneeded drama in Drama, I won't tell with you what is wrong with your essay.
Get back to where you once belonged.
"Your" Food? My cooking utensils.
Hope you're not thirsty
Our friendship is built on a mutual hate.
Tip poorly? Have a smelly porch.
Sibling bathroom revenge
I'm sorry, did you actually WANT that food?
Enjoy walking to the trash can.
Small victory with a tailgater on the highway
Why you don't get dinner.
My mom wouldn't stop antagonizing me.
Revenge a la PS4
Man, you really wanted that spot; I hope it doesn't rain
You're the boss. [x-post /r/TalesFromRetail]
It costs to be a douche.
Rip down my posters? Want my vote? No thanks.
Wash your mouth out.
Henna revenge
Feeling a bit flushed after our latest revenge.
I hope your eggs SUCK!
Cut me up in a car park and nearly take someone out? I'll call you out in front of your boss.
Don't be selfish and close the elevator when people are approaching it.
3rd hand barista revenge
Humiliating my high school principal: the third installment of my petty revenge series
Enjoy your "fresh" produce
Don't respond to my pleasantries? I'll show you!
Fail to follow the rules; enjoy the rest of your shift soaking wet
petty revenge on a horrible boss
Aggressively attempt that turn? Time imperceptibly stands still for you.
I'm gonna make you check your voicemail. Pretty brutal, I know.
You keep touching my laptop when I'm taking notes, your chance of making the basketball team.
Overly-messy roommates can enjoy Chicago tap.You want to do my job? Go for it. Twice.
Horrible Ex-Roommate
Not so petty bus journey revenge.
The borrowing of screens
First year students can be so cocky... And stupid
A classic case of penny revenge
Rant to me for no reason? Get ready to get dirty.
Steal my things? I'll ruin your wedding.
All Nighter? I Can Do That, Too.
Unintentional revenge on my dad
Silly checkout guy.
Bagel Revenge
Do NOT take the urinal next to me.
Abuse that snooze button for two hours? No coffee for you!
Lets all be petty together!
This is just so stupid but it managed to be my biggest victory thus far using such petty, petty revenge.
Walk too slowly and you'll miss the elevator.
No good deed goes unpunished
My boss sits playing solitaire while I'm absolutely slammed with work... he shouldn't leave his computer unattended
Next time, just don’t be a twat.
Enjoy cleaning lipstick off of your windshield. Or learn to park better.
Oh, 'casual' racism on a road trip? Mind if I drive?
Petty Pennies
Unfriendly and condescending to me? Yeah, I'll fill out your survey.
Waste my time, I'll waste your money.
My boss's office is getting filled with balloons as I type this.
Kid, your mommy is a bad driver.
You're Welcome!*
In the battle of pettiness, I win.
I swear I normally get along with people, but I might just be a little passive aggressive. [x-post talesfromretail]
Ungrateful and disrpectful? Let's do lots of dishes.
Tram Antics.
Can't do your dishes? Hope you can't sleep.
Napoleonic complex bully gets what's coming to him
Roommatw forced to eat healthy *diabolical laughter*
My aunt's bully
Petty revenge at a card store game night
Petty steal from deserving restaurant
An ex broke my heart and left me for another girl...
BitStrip Revenge
Tattletales aren't tolerated
♫ Happy birthday to you! ♪ (x-post from Tales from Retail)
The number of moons of Jupiter
Bitch who can't park can open her own door
My petty revenge tales, part 2
Backdate your request, will you?!
Slow service=free goat book
Really Petty to the Airline
Finally did something about my sister's verbal abuse toward myself and my elderly grandparents: I ate that skinny bitch's dinner
Threaten to tow my car?!
Candy Coated Jerkface
Stolen razor
What are friends for?
Take that, kitty!
Midwestern tourists get a lesson in tipping something other than cows.
You want refills? You got it!
Needs ideas for old scam my wife got sucked up in.
I know that your going to look at other girls, but do you have to make it so obvious?
Live-in ex-girlfriend gets a hairy scissor surprise (mildly NSFW)
Petty Revenge is best served burnt.
Pay Per Click + Auto Click = Closure
Don't be bitchy when you want me to cook for you.
"Do you offer a flat rate?"
Came across this and thought I'd share. Kid bites person, person fucks with the mother.
Parking rage and door dings
Walmart had an asshole manager. I wonder if he got to keep his job, or how he even explained this one...
Revenge on a high school teacher
OP gets petty victory against narcissistic parent (story from /r/raisedbynarcissists)
Fuzzy Towel
Traffic Revenge
Try to rush us out? Guess we'll take our sweet time leaving. (aka the time my uncle finally spoke up)
File lawsuits &amp; be a jerk? Here's some leaves!
My father's petty revenge against the library
Try to cut in front of me? Let me waste some of your time.
Jab me with luggage trolly... I'll show you! (warning horrible writing)
Almost run me over? You don't get my parking spot.
Jehovah witness coming to my door on my birthday? Coincidence.
of course you can keep the growler i loaned you
Restaurant revenge AKA don't piss off your server...
Good luck trying to open that locked door
Don't be naive like I did.
Loud neighbors get dog shit on their lawn daily
Dont mess with the ice cream
Gonna throw a hissy fit when I won't let you into the bar without I.D., well in a few years my words of wisdom will always haunt you.
You don't get to save $5
Petty Revenge Instigated by my Biology Teacher
Lying bully continues to lie her way into sweet revenge
Leave your carts in the corral.
Cut me off and blame me? Okay, I hope you like shit in your new car.
Complain about waiting in line?
Clog up the ER where I work? Enjoy your headache.
Short and very petty...
My kids are better at this than me.
Don't cross until the light turns green
Cut me off, will you?
Petty checkout revenge
2 petty revenges in one afternoon
So sorry to interupt the sex you're having on my bed.
Wanna harass me? I'll tell on you.
I'll enjoy a seat by myself then.Best friend cheats with my girlfriend? No more friends for him.
Petty revenge on my wife for lying about a purchase
Enjoy being wired and fat, bitch!
Lie to me to park in my lot when I'm trying to close it so I can go home? Good luck getting out.
Dog poop
You hate Millenials? Enjoy THAT in your bag.
Rude to my dad, lose your triple x sweater at a restaurant.
Don't push me cuz i'm close to the edge
Petty revenge on landlord.
Classroom Pettiness
A business reneged on a promised donation to our silent auction
Office bitch
Push past me in a corridor? Hope you don't mind scuffed shoes.
Fuckin' Amazon, man...
Goodbye lunch for coworker.
Using loud sex to combat noisy neighbors ending in orgasmic triumph
Eat up, boss!
Please, send the Lt. into my office...
Tailgater on the freeway
Napoleon Complex??
A slap in the face is worth two flat tires
Wasn't supposed to be free, but it ended up that way!
Fat gym part two: You claim you are the master of the balls?
If I dislike you as a student, you only get one Exclamation mark!
Petty grocery revenge
The War of the Central Heating
My Oreos
I can make up part numbers too, asshole.
Just wait til you get home...
Be an asshole? I'll take 2 &amp; 1/2 minutes of your time away.
Talk crap about women and be a drunken nuisance on the bus? I'll "innocently" knock you with my bags on the way out.
Pick on my brother? Your purse smells like mocha.
That's what you get for tailgating
Conference room pettiness
Enjoy your stale baked goods
Pigeon based passive aggressively petty revenge
Cut me off now, I'll slow you down .later.
Pound on my ceiling, enjoy cold showers.
Coffee Revenge
Steal my water? Enjoy working out a little harder.
The milk thief's comeuppance
Complain and you shall receive.
Leaving W/O Logging off Leaves you liablitity for desktop hurricane
Pushy customer; i speak no english
Oh, hello "Veenduhs Suhpoht"
Dealing with Tailgators
Cut me off, get eliminated
Enjoy your upside down sticky note!!
I was the recipient of some petty revenge this morning...
Kill him with happiness
Trick or treating teenagers
The Real Ms. G
Don't clean have a dirty hall way (Joy's from roommates)
Don't touch my bike.
Weatherman's Necktie (x-post from /r/funny)
Spotted: Excellent Petty Revenge in Breaking Bad
Take my sleep, I'll be the worst (l)user ever!
Break my heart? i'll put yours back together and smash it.
Let's see how you like it.
Looks like Jenny Mollen (Jason Biggs's wife), didn't get invited to join that sorority back in college.
Leave my clothes soaking wet will you!? Enjoy your cold foot.
Brush Thief
Dickhead cop revenge.
usually my revenge is evil and "too far", but I think I managed to contain myself this time.
See if it sticks now bitch.
Take my shampoo, body wash, and toothpaste well I hope you enjoy you frozen surprise.
Girls learning football from a patronizing fellow student, managed to shut him up for a while.
Too lazy to walk? You're going to pay extra
Leave your old couch in the apartment commons for a month? Let me help you with that...
Queerbashing? No thanks, not today.
Two-footed driver crawling down the road? Deal with THIS!
Nearly run me over, I'll get in your way and make you wait!
You wanna move my clothes?
You wake me up from my nap, I'm gonna return the favor.
"Your truck's on fire"
Take my parking spot? Lose your tags.
Nice post on Kijiji Canada...
I didn't know we were in middle school.
that's what happens when you disrespect me
Tailgate me on my way to school? I'll call the cops on you!
Horrible camper nearly injures someone, I get some spooky revenge.
Keep upvoting stories about parked cars to my front page? Submit to my pitiful unsubscription.
Asshole PE teacher
Flick your butts on my step, see how you like it
Park a truck in our yard and refuse to move?
Deceive me into thinking I got a full time position, I ruin 100 employees corporate BBQ/Theme Park day
Push me out of the way, you can clean up.
TONGAN HAGRID
Cut in line? Lose your gloves.
Yes. Please teach me how to do my job.
Don't clown around with my best friend if you don't want me to clown around myself.
You're going to honk at me?!?
Complain that I'm lazy to my boss; get emails and called out at all hours.
Scream above me constantly? Enjoy waiting to be able to dry your laundry.
Trash-talking roommate goes cold turkey
My stubbed toe=you're going to be late
Morbidly obese woman ignores several rows of empty seats and sits next to my friend, nearly swallowing him whole. Friend gets revenge.
Fine! Don't say Thank You after I open the door for you..
Park a truck in my driveway and refuse to move?
This is what you get for cheatingLeave your towel on the floor? Goodbye expensive haircare products.
Tracksuit nags a pregnant lady and suffers the consequences
/u/CastanhasDoPara Gets petty.
Petty revenge by my professor
Oh such sweet sweet revenge I had
I didn't mind swallowing my pride to see a half gallon of cranberry juice soak into his white button down shirt
leave your underwear laying around? enjoy not having any
Asshole in jail wanted my cookies
Mess with my lunch, i'll mess with your mental health.
Seat recline revenge
I did not get to choose the volume.
Stories from a call centre: I got a bitch fired.
Take my spot? Have fun driving home!
Petty D.I.Y
Keep me and the kids up til 4:00 AM before church? How do like Carmina Burana...on endless repeat?
Jump the queue, fart on you.
Stalk me in the parking lot? Have fun waiting 5 minutes.
curse at your 5 year old? watch me eat my fries while you wait.
Rats get what they deserve
Unintentional petty revenge against the annoying kid in class.
Enjoy waking up early
rude honking
Take my spot? Have fun trying to drive home.
I'm sorry, tech support does not work Sundays
Leave your trash outside my room? Suffer my wrath!
My girlfriend will never have bobby pins.
Not exactly a nice thing to do but the guy called the cops on us.
I can't bum a cig? Fine...
Too busy checking facebook and blasting music in the Taco Bell drive-thru line? Lose your spot and wait longer.
Unruly, Rude Customer? Let My Fiancé Get You a Scooter.
Ruin a date? I'll rip you off $7!
When you cut off an entire line of drivers you get brights in your driver's side mirror.
petty revenge high school style
Creep on my friends and I'll take them for drinks.
My roommate called me a bitch so I put the toilet paper the wrong way.
She Doesn't Have a Clue.
Block a nice guy in, get your car towed, with an added bonus.
Use my carport, will you?
use up my ink, i steal your pen
Fighting fire with fire
Throw a rock at the mystery Inc crew and proceed to make out? K.
Vengeance Trifecta between my house and Wally World
So you think you can steal MY book and claim it as yours, huh?
Petty Revenge on the new floor in the front hall
Stop Waiting For My Parking Spot
Being squashed sucks, doesn't it?
Act rude because you had to wait because I am the only one working?
My Vegan Sister
Skipping the traffic line? Hope you like waiting.
Oh you are going to be rude today? No good candy for you
Take my seat? Prepare to get squished
Well, you do say TRICK or treat...
A Petty Medley (Long)
Formal email revenge
Quitting the Gym
Request ID when I have a beard? Await a surprise.
My boyfriend's step dad visited us for a couple days
Make me get gas will you
Cut me off? Have fun walking.
Dear Helicopter/Lazy Parents,
Morning Rush Hour Train Pettiness
Parking Revenge Technique
No costume eh? Well you get less candy!
Consider cheating on me.. be forever confused.
A little Halloween revenge...
Try to scam my mom and I will ruin your day.
The Moth.
Petty revenge by proxy, involving prophylactics, a meat pie and a needle.
Have sex loudly at 2 am? Enjoy me getting ready at 6.
You're trick-or-treating and you're 24? Enjoy!
Wasting Ban Ki Moon's Precious Time
Bully
Take my driving you around for granted..I will make you late.
so, you like littering?
Two can play at that game.
Submit a BS DCMA takedown notice to bully a blogger? I'll buy your competitor's product. That I never really wanted.
Some kids try to steal all of our Halloween candy...
I hate your stupid candle
Classmates won't help with the assignment? Win a pickle.
I made him miss his tickets.
Run a red light? I can wait for you.
Now you have to restart the dryer
My Petty Revenge on Comcast
Two Seconds
Boy you sure do work banker's hours!
Rude to me on a regular basis? Enjoy becoming self-conscious and aware of your own mortality.
Class revenge
Revenge on a Useless Coworker
You steal my router, I break it.
You are not stealing my precious karma. UH UH NOT TODAY!
Petty revenge on a douche off-duty employee
They got my mom to fire me
Ignore other drivers on the road, prepare to be mildly inconvenienced
Coworker tries to make moves on my wife
Check that rating!
Yeah bitch, enjoy waiting!
Roommate won't let me sleep in? I relax with a nice hot shower.
Cut my off in McDonalds drive through..
Dodgy real-estate agent revenge
You think I don't want change? Fine.Someone keeps stealing my lunch...
A creative way to deal with an obnoxious shopper.
Push my Grandma... wear a slushee.
Co-worker threatens to ruin career if I don't play his mind-fuck game. I play by the rules. Different outcome than expected for co-worker.
Don't throw your rubbish on my verge.
a little troll for douchebag
Be a smartypants and enjoy your ice-cream...
keep your headlights on while parked, i hope you get a headache
Petty Revenge...by cats.
Abortion protesters.
You dropped something
Make fun of my moves? Get kicked in the gut
Street Justice: Ketchup and the Corn Maze
The pettiest thing I do on a consistent basis...
Roommate Revenge
My cat's an ass
(Petty) Revenge Served By The Slice
Self Checkout is Hard (x-post from /r/TalesFromRetail)
Suddenly the way I'm working your report isn't good enough for you?
Stop being friends with me because of your boyfriend? I don't know you.
Unknown caller revenge
A bathroom revenge story
I hope you didn't want your towel back...
Tech support petty revenge
some people really need to learn patience on their morning commute.
I hope you get sick!
Long-term, elaborate, but petty as hell revenge (x-post from /r/tales from security)
Should I do it?
Oh, did you want a donut?
Hurt my fragile feelings by jokingly leading me on infront of others? Allow me to jokingly call you a 2 week fling infront of everyone.
Laundry Room Revenge!
Constantly rude towards me? Get agitated!
Paintball Revenge
Oh revenge in the form of karma tastes so sweet.
A turn of the screw
Parking revenge on asshole driver.
Sweet donut revenge
Screw You.
Think you can use me as a buffer when the tube rocks from side to side? Here's my elbow.
Taxi Driver Revenge
Late on me? Too bad for you...
Eat my candy? I watch Walking Dead without you.
Don't scratch the hand that feeds you
I will fart on your scarf.
Stub my toe? Put more work into your milk!
Push in front of everyone? Goodbye shared armrest.
Block the sidewalk? You can wait
Don't want to do chores? Well I don't want to make my bed.
What goes around comes around, motherfucker
My Halloween revenge
Cut in line at the gym? I'll show you...
Make me clean my room will you?
My coworker steals pens.
Going to stand in front of me? Expect to lose your pick.
Revenge is best served at room temperature
Hurt my foot? No poop for you!
A/C out again?? Hehe
You may want to rethink your parking choices...
Yeah fuck you too big sis.
I took that cookie home, and I ate it!
Throw a tennis ball at me while I'm playing basket ball, will you?
Bear thrashed my garbage, neighbor called the cops before I woke up and noticed... just a little grumpy.
Walking in a parking lot when i see a car with a "keep you dick beaters off my porche" or some other expensive-ass car.
Hit me with the tennis ball, have fun retrieving it back!
Don't cheat on me.
Complain about where my car is parked? Have fun getting woken up every night.
Talk behind me the entire movie will ya?
Flake out on our plans? Eat this!
Concert Revenge
You can't sit with us!
Someone got petty revenge on me!
Keep killing me every time I re-spawn? Enjoy my boyfriend hunting you down for the next hour!
Don't step in front of me.
My weekly petty revenge.
You do not cheat at Musical Chairs.
Reddit Revenge!! [Short]
Lazy girl at my middle school lunch table would always get others to throw her trash away.
Step on my heels? I'll step on your toes
No need for a revenge story, it's all on motherless...
Downvote me and then reply why you downvoted me?
I'll show you who picks up after who!
Yell at my kids for doing something they weren't? Enjoy the effects of it anyway.
I don't deal with liars, even when compensated
Giving me the cold shoulder for no reason? Two can play at that game!
When I really don't like someone, before I downvote them, I upvote them, so it's like I'm taking TWO votes away from them
You're being an asshole by driving less than 5 feet behind me? No problem, I'm not in a hurry!
6-year old vengeance
Call me names and spend more time in the penalty box
I can see it's wet
tailgated into the toll
Bag like shit, Get payed like shit.
Obnoxious accountant gets mildly annoyed, thanks to my petty revenge.
Throw candy at me, will you?
Strangers petty revenge my sister for parking shitty.
Nearly hit me in your car because you're impatient? Okay then.
So, you wish to interrupt our game of handball do you?
Possible foreigner cut me off in line.
Flip me off for something that's your fault will you?
the pettiest of them all
My ongoing petty revenge with asshole customers.Don't keep blaming me because you can't show up on time
Southwest Airlines petty revenge
Don't treat the bouncers like the strippers
Steal from us?
Don't turn your highbeams down? Brace for pettiness.
Steal from My 3yr old and you May Lose it all
I Hate This Laundrymat.
Revenge is only temporary
Oh you want a beer but there seems to be three rows of people in front of you? By all means, lean over and wave a 20 in my face.
No free tech support for the pastor
Enjoy your Candy Crush, dick!
Neighbor's walk dogs in my yard for their daily poop; never pick it up. I need a revenge plan.
You barked at us about your replacement hard drive? Guess you can wait a few more days.
you're in a hurry/i'm not
Nazi Chick gets what's coming to her
Some quick Ebay revenge
He'll Never Pee on Me Again.
See you next Tuesday.
Think you caught me cheating? Here's the finger.
Petty revenge my indian giving boss
Two coworkers ridicule me for taking sick days
What do you do if the people you love do wrong to you?
What do you do?
If you're rude, you will be denied important information.
Bathroom cleaner revenge
My boss sneezed and I didn't say bless you
Not coming to tutor me because you were out drinking AND I wasn't invited? I'll spoil Breaking Bad for you.
use your damn headphones
Do not cut in front of me in a line.
Almost cause a wreck? Enjoy being blinded.
Revenge in a veterinary office
I have something you don't
(Stop!) In the Name of Petty Revenge
Respect the thermostat
Don't treat your dishwashers like shit, or you're going to have a bad day tomorrow.
My parting gift to the most annoying armored truck partner ever.
Steal my money, get bombarded with phone calls and texts.
Almost run me down in your car?! I'll report you to the litter police!
Petty revenge in the wonderful world of film
I am such a petty person [crosspost from /r/teenagers]
Even Karma can be petty
Grilled Stuffed Burrito, not grilled?
Be a complete bitch to me for no reason? That's cool, here let's just waste a bunch of your time first thing in the morning, every day for the rest of the time I work here.
Buhahaha enjoy your vegetarian meal
Make me walk the long way home? Enjoy your extra fizzy pop.
Don't touch my shit.
Asshole lab partner contributes nothing to lab report
Didn't bring a book? Here use mine.
No more Grandads for me!
Hello, reddit, I'm currently in a starbucks and I need your advice on some petty revenge
Making companies pay...1 click at a time
The passive aggressive boss.
Dropping food on the floor? You're going to eat it anyway!
Make fun of how I talk? Find a new seat
Keep me from sleeping on a long flight? Lose your nice scarf.
Park Poorly? Good luck getting into your car!
Upset me before you go to work?
Kill me constantly on GTAV? Have a useless car.
talk on your phone on the stairs? hope i'm not too loud...
petty revenge that backfired
If you give me attitude, I give you calories.
Petty Revenge On An Old Grouch
Leave your dishes in the sink again? I think not.
Personal space lady!
Misplaced bravado
Enjoy the telemarketer references you slob
I'm not delivering your newspapers loud enough? Fair enough, I can fix that.
Ice Cube Revenge
I hope you lose it.
Laugh at my pain? Forget getting a bag.
Think we're a crappy store? Enjoy your return visit.
No breakfast for you!
Vent on me after a shitty day? I'll leave the plugs, sponges AND scourer in the sink, AND not wipe the sink down
Need Advise for a Scammer "Landlord"
Treat me like a personal maid? I eat your food.
Obey the rules of stall usage
[Video game petty-revenge] Blow me up for no reason? You'll regret it.
A customer has decided to run out on his bill. I'm not posting it but I have his cell phone number, about 50 pictures of him and his email address.... any ideas on how I could get him to pay?
Pretend to be handicapped? I'll make you handicapped.
A neighbor keeps parking their car in from of my house, what should I do?
That's for splashing my coat.
Customer Service Representative Courtesy
ER Revenge
lie when others are around to save face? enjoy paying me more money
Disrespectful laundry neighbor.
"Anything else for you today?"
Talk shit about my boss, receive shit chips!
Poutine-y Revenge
OCD revenge
I don't call early enough? 4am sound good? Good.
Oh fuck no, I'm not taking that shit.
Puppy Vigilante
You seem to have misplaced your empty cart, Allow me to return it for you....
I will never remember your name
New car problems
No, I insist. YOU throw this away.
To the guy whose girlfriend is/was a librarian, you got off easy!
To the guy's who girlfriend was a librarian, you got off easy.
Can't stab you, so I'll dull your blade
Have a "sniff" of your own medicine, mouth breather.Let my dog suffer? No internet for you.
No, I insist. *You* throw this away.
Latin Teacher Fiasco! Part 1 of The School Stories!
This coffee tastes delicious
Roommate leaves used tissues everywhere for other people to pick up...
I'm taking a stand against door holding
Doppelganger Sweets
What are the odds?
That'll teach you for losing my medical record!!
Librarian Revenge
Ignore my hello, wait longer.
Shitty landlord? Enjoy your water bill.
Don't wake me up at 9 am on my holidays.
Don't ring twice.
I'll MAKE you care about cat hair
tailgate me? lets see how slow we can go.
Thanks for your donation!
You want to mess up the kitchen and demand we clean it? I'll show you cleaning.
A sticky situation
No talking in the living room? Enjoy listening to ice in the disposal!
Snub my dinner?
Never in a million years did I think this would happen...
Indian Takeaway Domestic Dispute
Washing machine ettiquette is equivalent to Intergalactic law
Washing Machine Ettiquette was broken - Time to
Your cake won't taste as good, and you'll never know why.
The tale of the bus &amp; the irritating redneck vs Speedy Gonzales.
Enjoy your beverage!
The one that almost got away.
Snippy lady at work has no time.
I'm a petty cashier.
Make fun of me? Walk further
Suck it petition guy!
It's been a while too..
Aparments. The gateway to Inferno.
Cleaning revenge
Are You Liking that Gospel Music?
/u/screaminginfidels pranks a friend
High School Wars
Water bottle revenge
Room mates are "too poor" to buy toilet paper....
It's simple..
Entitled jerkwad gets savagely revengified!
Enjoy your crumpled suits.
Pizza Man strikes back...
Disrespect our home? Turn about is fair play, roomie!
My Sister and the TV
Got my $20 back, a year in the making.
Junk mail revenge
Video Game Revenge
Have an ice day!
Treat your loaner car like shit? Your closest servicing center is now 5 hours away.
Hopefully you don't mind the sweat
Justice on my highschool bully
Elevator revenge
No food for you!
Have me drive you way out of town for a party? Enjoy my impromptu artwork.
dickhead driver gets what he deserves.
Walking Dead Revenge
Don't want to listen to me? Listen to THIS.
Petty revenge for anyone who works in social media
[UPDATE] Refuse to come to our wedding? I'll make you look at photos all day.
Raisins
Would you like a napkin?
Whistle at me like I'm a dog, and I'll be in your way like one, too.
My random petty parking revenge
The Frustraded Food Service Employee and The Case of the Lazy Customer
Want to be a self-important twat? Keep waiting in the line that you claimed.
Finally, some revenge on my manipulative and abusive brother.
Air your dirty laundry, and you can walk home.
A Mother's Revenge is Best Served in Lasagna
Old couple tries to start shit. Gets owned. (Crosspost from TalesFromRetail)
Steal my seat in class? See what you get.
Meta-post (if this sort of thing is allowed)
No Farmville For You
Not so Grand Theft Highschool
Steal my parking spot? You can help me load my car
PR Request: What would you do?
Won't hand me change? I won't hand it back.
Justifiable expenses
No thanks, I'll take the stairs.
Lying businessman cheats the system and needs 3D printer support from me... fat chance
Work revenge.
Impatient Laundry Lady
Shopping Cart Revenge
A pretty petty petty-revenge.
Mental tattoo studio owner/stalker is getting shat on from a great height...
Rude hotel customer gets his just reward
Concert booze awesomeness
You're mean, but I'm evil
Revenge by Sock
Do your job wrong? Then so will I.
Beep your horn at me while I am sitting in my van in a parking spot; you will never get that pristine spot.
I despise you, so I'll cover your car in snowy tree branches!!
Turn the light off when I poop, then dare to trust me with your washing....
Piss me off while I'm taking a test, and there will be some revenge.
Threaten me with legal action and eviction over 5 $?
I LOVE PENISSSSS
Take up two spots? My car's not that big...
Do not fuck with my car!The pettiest of revenge on my passive aggressive ex SO.
Making every dollar count.
War and paper
The time I kind of got back at Keyshawn Johnson
When you interrupt me having sex, I'll screw up your cheating.
Take the parking spot I was waiting for? Have fun backing up...
School administration banned all freshman hazing...
So you think that's petty...
Now your girlfriend can't get into the car, take that!
Very Petty Revenge
You want a refund because the service was bad? PAY DOUBLE!
Leave my facebook page alone!
Refuse to come to our wedding? I'll make you look at photos all day.
Retail Lady Gets Hers
One of the advantages about driving a scratched car
Tailgating
The Gift that Keeps on Giving.
Cut me off, I'll take your pizza
You think you can spoil Breaking Bad for me? Well, fuck you!
They couldn't say a thing and I acted oblivious to it.
Well if you hadn't raised the prices...
Well if you hadn't raised the prices...
spam an exs phone
Samson the bum
Not going to move your bag so someone can sit down? Enjoy missing your stop
My shoelaces are untied
Gay friend gets revenge on asshole driver.
I'm your son, not your drinking buddy.
More petty revenge on my neighbors... complete with picture!
Sticker Revenge
Patience is a virtue
Sure, I read your email.
This song too gay for your pool hall? Fine, let me just play something else for you...
Janitor's at my school suck.
Restaurant managers screw over staff, get hit in the wallet
I'll give you something to complain about.
Everyone in the office helps themselves to my butter so I've started spitting in it
I'll give you something to complain about.
No Parking Zone
Congratulations, /r/pettyrevenge! You are Subreddit of the Day!
Steal my cake? Enjoy your bad dessert.
Don't do the tiny amount of work you're given? Have fun trying to play your games.
Sister stole $40 from me and leaves for college tomorrow, anything I can do?
Getting my money back 10-20cents at a time!
No internet for you
Contribute the most to your annoyingly loud family? Enjoy your flight with a dead battery
Threaten your kid with violence? See if I tell you your undies are showing...
Want to cuddle with me, do you cat?
Stealing my parking spot.
Douche Trucker
Don't hog the internet.
I think our cleaning lady stole from us?
Petty revenge against a child 13 years younger than me.
Just keep poking it
Take that video store.
Drug me, and I'll shit your pants.
Should I conduct this petty revenge?
Bed Revenge
I Said One Line of Mayo!
Park like an idiot? Have a nice time getting into your lifted 4x4
Snark at me, I take your wine.
3 a.m and still partying?
How to deal with noisy neighbours.
Douche tattooist
Beer revenge
My only act of petty revenge that i can remember.
Stop blaming the girl friend if your fiancé blatantly disrespects you
Beat me up and try to steal my friend's phone? Nah.
I didn't catch that...
Soccer game revenge.
That's a nasty sunburn you got there. Maybe I can help?
Dont bite the hand that feeds you.
Revenge in Rio (Not the place, the movie)
Call me fat then pretend to be my friend?
going to bully me for 4 years and expect to get away with it? hope you don't need those papers.
My fathers petty revenge on bitchy manager.
Taking Back What's Mine.
At the time, I pretended like I didn't care, but secretly...
Made a fish paste and filled my ex housemates wall vents with it
Where's my compact fluorescent?
Petty Revenge on a Server
Tired of me being the only person respecting other people's space.
That'll teach him to take your lunch
Be considerate of those around you, otherwise you might get peed on.
No, that's okay, I didn't want to see the stage anyway. Asshole.
Smack me in the face with your briefcase? Get a creased jacket.
Dear tailgater
Be rude to my and careless with your equipment? Enjoy your replacement!
How I deal with thieves and bullies.
Annoying customer asks for "a small bag for that", I give her a large bag.
"Have a good NIGHT"
How I deal with bullies and a thieves :)
How I deal with bums at work.
Think the handicapped spot is just a suggestion and confront me over it? Get the cops called on you and banned from Fatburger.
Bitter Revenge.
I'm outside the lines, you're outside the car.
Petty revenge at the fast food restaurant.
Do you even lift?
Parking lot revenge
Have fun doing your laundry as well as half of minePlan ahead.
thought this fit with r/pettyrevenge. my two weeks guiding a wealthy father, his pain in my back son and his daughter.
Welcome To My World, Pushy Solar Sales Lady
Why do people challenge me at this game??
Girlfriend picks a fight over nothing. Have fun sleeping on the couch!
Assholes get checked in to room 512 where the dead guy was found after four days.
I told the gossip the truth and now I'm looked at as fucking awesome.
Make me do your job? You're going to have to pay extra for that. (long)
Sneaky beer quaffer gets introduced to Tabasco
The pettiest of revenge on my girlfriend.
Be an Asshole? Good luck finding your Project.
Sorry! I can't do business on MY Sabbath, either!
Don't want to get up early? Find your own ride.
Small and petty
New subreddit, r/pettyparentalrevenge.
Sweet, sweet revenge at the Front Desk
Oh!! It's no chore day, I had no idea
Steal my ice? You'll have to wash your hand!
My parents revenge on the mailbox bashers.
Parental victory
Brickbox
Axe-crack
Petty revenge on the lady who sat next to me on the empty train car.
Construction stories- 4 stories
Petty revenge idea. Is this too harsh?
Not sure if "ask" posts are ok, but I could use some advice.
You won't take our land without a fight (x-comment AskReddit)
My mailbox battle (X-post from r/pics)
My apartment manager gleefully assists in getting petty revenge on a parking space stealer
Splish, splash get the hell out of my way
My dad's revenge runs from the third floor all the way down
Sign says open until 7? Guess what, it's 6:45...
When you constantly use my shampoo &amp; body wash, this is what happens...
Mayo, Lettuce, Tomatoes, and REVENGE
Accuse me of stealing your toys? Enjoy thinking you shit your pants! (Remembered this after reading other post about pranking wife)
Made class mate think he shit his pants during a camping trip(remembered this from reading other story)
Wake me up at 8? Enjoy my cartoons bitch
Tried Preaching Christianity To Me And Then Called Me A Sinner
She spiked my tea with salt, i made her think she shit the bed.
Creeping under bathroom doors is not a good idea.
I guess you won't be needing these anymore.
Go on, keep yelling. See what I do next time.
You don't pay for gas.
now you have to tear it off...
First time here, am I doing it right?
Passing it on
Stupid idiot neighbor. You spent so many extra hours purposely making a mess of my roadway and lawn. I didn't fuss because I knew. I knew I had thousands of little buddies coming to help me. Mhwhaha. ha, ha!
You got greedy while parking.
Why don't people use turn signals?
Extremely Petty Driving
Help! I need advice on how to pettyrevenge.
Make me eat my gross vitamins? Eat your least favorite chip flavor.
I hate having roommates.
Voicemail Revenge
Quench a brother's thirst
Won't participate, will you?
Here Bag Lady. let me lighten your load
It appears I've misplaced the handbrake...
Rude enough not so say hello? See how it feels.
11th grader tired of dealing with freshmen.
Welcome to the true New Jersey!
Don't mess with my kids
Tell me I need to be punished for someone else's crimes? Get less than your item is worth.
An Old Friend and Las Vegas
A tale of city living, tandem parking and poison oak
Bus Bullies
Pure evil.
Thirsty?
Good Vibrations
I'm a student working part-time as a lifeguard - petty revenge on a customer
Revenge in progress: what do I say to the con artist on the phone?
You park on my grass and tell me it's not your car?
Reverse bad parking revenge
Kid acts like a little shit, gets treated like one - fart on his head.
Short and sweet, and definitely petty.
Someone's gotta teach your kid he can't have everything he wants.
What to do to that one guy who won't stop crowdsurfing
Oh hi old gym teacher that made fun of me a decade ago! ID PLEASE!
Steal my soda, I burst your Beer
I show him good and proper
Next time learn how to use your phone before insulting me!
I don't care how childish it is, I wanna run through the puddle!
Stickin' it to the man!
Leave me no gas? Have fun with your not-music!
I'm not changing the sheets.
My best friends ex is a whore (photo album included).
Don't tailgate me
Pass me illegally after tailgating me? Say hello to the nice police officer
Milk's gone bad
Revenge is sweetest when it lasts for years
Don't you honk at me
My pettiest revenge
Jackass is gonna fail his test
Don't sleep on me
Never knew my Dad was such a master of revenge!
keep me up 'till one-thirty? enjoy waking up hungover at six.
[Pet Revenge] Sometimes my revenge works out in the long run.
Sleep deprive me? Prepare to get a song stuck in your head!
[pet revenge] Sometimes my revenge works out in the long run.
Now you don't get to see the concert.Cold? Too bad, I'm in charge of the thermostat from now on.
( • ͜ʖ •)
You are not approved!
You're racist, loud and rude? Enjoy your tv-free weekend!
Don't let the door hit you...
Ice skating pricks
Notebook niggles
You want to cause a loud disturbance? It will cost you.
Reprogrammed All the Preset's in Mom's Car to a Channel that she Hated
Polka for the revenge dunk, whilst driving
My Petty Revenge last Christmas
Late night Bollywood? Early morning hip hop.
In love with MY girl?
Multiple failed attempts at revenge against me
"Can you do math?"
Talk during the movies, will you?
Call my dog dumbwhile yours does the same thing? Get 'dirty' water
Rude to me when I'm polite to you? Enjoy your floor.
You're going to block the driver's side door?
The only spooky thing here is your racism.
If he had just asked if he could go ahead of me, I probably would have let him.
Vomit and a Valentine
A revenge on disrespectful kids.
You broke the sacred rules of the laundry room
Shampoo in the shower revenge
Ruin my weight-loss success moment? Get called out for being fatter than me.
Terrible parking leads to laundry revenge.
Don't stand so close to me
Almost run me over? Have fun washing your car, jerk.
I am not your personal subway pole
Yell at me cause the cook hasn't shown up? No top floor for you!
Try to sabotage a relationship, prepare for war.
The old coat hanger trick
I need your help coming up with revenge for my sexist, condescending, prick of a roommate.
Think you can be a condescending jerk just because of your former military rank? Well allow me to retort...
Petty by way of inertia
Don't talk on your phone when you ask me for help.
Make me cry? I'll make you listen to quality music!
Don't litter; zip your purse.
Don't snake my spot!
It's not my job.
Take a picture of my patient? Enjoy shopping for a new phone.
Take my leftovers, I waste your time
Don't enrage me on the bus.
Petty revenge for petty reasons; a tale of dates and formals
Have fun picking out your lunch now
Watch Out For Your Cornhole
Have a nice trip back up
Take my coins? I'll take your toilet paper!!
Ever so slight classmate revenge...
Revenge is a dish best served spicy.
Try to make me fail? I'll show you!
Waste my time, no I will have the last laugh.
You steal my things, I make you pay (your deposit to your landlord)
No more bean burritos, bitches.
So you won't include me in physical activities?
The Asshole Who Couldn't Do Math
Angry driver cuts me off
Park like a jerk, get a dent.
(ex) boyfriend went down on my (ex) best friend...
Cashier Revenge On College Campus
Trying to make me stop?
The Gods of Petty Vengeance were with me today.
Crazy neighbor vandalizes car, cops can't do anything. How to exact revenge? The Sh!ttiest way possible.
A sincere fuck you to the driver that almost killed me.
Revenge on a girl in Kindergarten who made fun of my drawings
Accidental Revenge a Mile High
Sorry to interrupt your sleep, princess.
Petty Revenge Victim
If you're a jerk at the grocery store, you don't get any cake.
Parking justice dispensed
Required Reading
Mess with my sleep? I hope you like the Beethoven.
I need some ideas people
Highway teamwork
Stop parking in my spot, asshole neighbors!
I hate tailgaters. Hope you got a write up!
Friend gets sick of creeper's unwanted sexts, posts them on facebook to show just how sick.
Bought a new bed and w/in a year it was sagging. It was still under warranty so I called the company and the woman told me that the bed didn't sag enough to meet the requirements for replacement.
Parking justice dispensed
So you won't let my daughter look at the princesses?
Don't drive recklessly
Smack My ass with a Seeing Eye cane a few times? you aren't getting off at your stop.
Snap snap
Handicapped Parking Revenge
Manager is an asshole? I'll show you!
Call me a stupid at work I will petty revenge you.
Complain until you get special treatment?
Girlfriend Revenge
Roommate revenge
Ed Hardy Douche Bag.
Comedian Vs Comedian
Spoiler, no alert!
Parking revenge.
act like a ass for no reason...keep my dead skin
Can you move?
Oh you don't like not getting your way?
A petty offense deserves petty revenge.
don't mess with the people who actually do the work
Rude neighbor revengeVery Petty British bus revenge
I did move.
Accidental retail revenge
That will teach you from drinking from the carton.
Micromanage all you want, I'll only work slower!
A Phone Number is a Powerful Thing...
I shit petty revenge.
Enjoy your tea, dad.
The Little Manager-In-Training that Could
dumb blondes pay for all their drinks!
Today ordering a salad at Subway
I can hear you, Asshole......
Oh I can hear you asshole....
Resting your elbow on my leg because your girlfriend is taking up all your space? I don't think so.
The lunch thief
Sorry, roommate dearest
Shower Revenge
Someone called our house today with the infamous Windows Scam. I managed to record the call. It always makes me laugh.
HVAC Revenge
Rudely demand I send someone out right now? I'll make sure to take thorough notes.
"Do you work here?"
You spoil it for me, I'll spoil it for you.
My 2¢
My shitty roommate.
Double stacked parking nightmare
Yes, ma'am, I'll just pass that right along...
Bashed my knees dropping his seat back.
Fuck me over on eBay will you
Roommate's blanket
Let out death farts will you?
You WILL pay, Dammit!
Get my friends homework wet, you lose your backpack.
You will never know....
Shitty, sweaty pizza.
Robot Fun Petty Revenge
Steal my stuff? Drink mousewater.
If you don't like "threats" I won't make them.
Bicycle revenge
How does it feel taking a little bit longer to get to the next story in candy crush?
Revenge is best served 5 years cold (and with trees)
No stripes for you!
NeverToo Late for Revenge
Put in a special order when we're really busy?
School parking pettyrevenge
Sneezing revenge...
All your Pennies belong to ME!!
Inspired by Whiskey Buff
Revenge is in the works
Ma'am! I think you dropped this!
You're testing my patience.
We don’t keep frozen product in the refrigerator (x-post from /r/talesfromretail)
A whiskey buff, eh?
I have your email.
Unexpected Martial Arts Revenge
Cheated on me? You will suffer.
Criticize our restaurant and home? Don't get invited over.
If I can't use it, you can't use it!
Bend my rare card? NO PIE FOR YOU!!
There can be only one!
Guess You Weren't Quick Enough
Lucy the girl who screwed me over
"I SAID there's never enough MUSTARD."
Enjoy your shower HA!
It's the little things
Bradley Adam Adair from Homer City, PA dubbed felon
Slice that very thin...
So you want your car back, do you? OK..
Not faster now, is it?
Think you're more important than everyone else at rush hour? Eat a door.
If you can't say anything nice, don't say it around me.
Oh, you said you wanted nutella?
Top Shot? Not!
Oohh it's cool to kiss other people now?
Don't screw over the bricklayer
We don’t keep frozen product in the refrigerator
Request: I need to return a shirt, in an interesting way.
I finally gave my stuck-up roomate something to complain about
Enjoy your small change, pay with a huge note man!
Be careful what you demand, because we might give it to you. [x-post /r/TalesFromRetail]
Spam my website will you!
Remember to Greet Your Cashier
Walk away just as I am about to serve you will yah?
/r/pettyrevenge I need your help!
Revenge is best served...delayed.
Accidental revenge is the best revenge, no fun for you.
I wonder how money tastes.
Scumbag Math Teacher
This is what happens when you harass the disabled
Park in a handicapped spot... Welcome to your bad time.
Lactose intolerant roommate gets a heavy dose of lactose.
Enjoy your reading.
Lease Signature Revenge.
Not pay me for my work? Data corrupted
No pudding for you!!!
Shaken not stirred...
Take my seat one more time...
Skip out on your bill? Probably shouldn't leave your phone behind.
Rude people are even out in the sticks....
My little brother wouldn't let me check something on his iPad...
Get my Job shut down? Well, you won't be my boss again!My petty revenge as a child
You're not even watching!
Not gonna let me use your bathroom, huh? NSFW
I'm 90% sure my sister stole my mascara before she went out last night...
You're not getting that voucher, you degrading buttplug
Enjoy your KitKat.
[iPod/iPhone] I can't see the new update.
Don't fuck with me.
Restricted my Neighbors Internet Access
Call me stupid, don't get any ice cream.
Flatmate didn't want to upgrade our internet so I "cheated" to convince him of that.
That bitch is gonna lose her job because I lied and I like it that way
My sister...
Here's the story of how I have taken hundreds of mints from a Chinese buffet over 2 years.
It was impulsive, but man did it feel good
found a phone. guy called, irate, accused me of stealing it. so i left it for him, in cincinnati.
Who just puts food on people?
You've had enough pictures taken of you already!
"... and besides, I want to travel."
Make people wait while you count your pennies, I'll do the same.
You've had enough pictures taken of you!
Woman "chat cuts" in hot dog line, gets served.
Don't cut me in line.
Fart on my head when I've given up my bed for you and there's gonna be trouble.
Won't share your cookies? No cupcake for you!
Teenage Girls at the Grocery Store
Oh, you want to race? Your car might be faster, but you're still going to lose.
Craiglist scam risks
Cut in front of me in line? Get a finger in your ketchup.
Oh, you're gonna be rude to me and snap your fingers at me? I just happen to forget your extra tartar sauce.
Parking space revenger
Break my school iPad? No eating for you.
Boss calls me a "pussy" for being unwilling to enter Yellow Jacket infested building.
Park like a douche...get what's coming to you
Your car doesn't belong in a pedestrian crossing.
Lunch recess revenge
You and Jesus make a nice couple, but you're going to have a vegetarian meal tonight.
This is what you get for not pushing in your chair...
Leave me standing at the bus stop will you?
Fuck with my non athletic abilities? Have fun with my disgusting pizza germs.
Sharing the phone bill with siblings
Don't be an asshole at the gym
Boyfriend thinks he can get away with some mischief. (Possibly nsfw)
Guess I wasn't the only one who got petty...
You want to be a bitch about a parking spot? Have fun paying that $50 ticket
"No."
Go get me that change
FUCK YOUR CAR BITCH
My continuing revenge on subway jerks
Guy driving like a lunatic in traffic? Yeah, I showed him good.
Tail me because you're in a rush? Enjoy the next red light.
Revenge idea: Song to play after someone answers the phone
Guy thinks he can just take my parking space.
It's not your weight room, it's OURS.
Sit too close to me? Enjoy your trip on the merry-go-round!
Bring Randos into our hotel room we payed for? Enjoy your trip!
Home boy cant follow directions.
Reach across the counter and smack me? I will smite you.
Enjoy those tips...
It may be petty but messing with a little jerk made me laugh.
Parking revenge
This is how you get shit done.
... Yeah, so you enjoy using my hair products?
Tennis Revenge
It'll only take a minute.
Saving the forest
Turn the sound off woman!
Minor inconvenience returned
Pizza Roll Revenge
Your daughter dated my best friend, broke off badly, so you don't tip me on a 60+ dollar bill? Okay...
The Cropdust
No money for me? No job for you.
Understaff me? Good luck meeting your deadline!
Noisy neighbor? Cold shower.
Left Turn Revenge
Slow driver? I won't pull up and let you turn right at the stop.
When customers hand me money
Just get in line
Make me stay back at work, will you?
Operation Dry Hump
Your change, Ma'am.
bad guest
Working as a beer delivery guy, new owner thinks he's getting shorted, I gladly "correct" his order.
You can't just put shit in my water like that.
Interactive Petty Revenge: The DQ Scam
Creepy guy doesn't get his vegan drink
My Best Friend's Jeopardy Revenge
just because i get paid minimum wage doesn't mean i won't call you on your bs (x-port from /r/TalesFromRetail)
So my coworker got himself a new Land Rover, as well as a new parking strategy
Petty revenge via driving the speed limit
Drive like a jackass? Enjoy your ticket.
Piss Me Off...Piss On You
Revenege on Cheating Ex
Coins for you today
Leave your phone on the table? Also leave a bad tip? Sorry I didn't catch you in time....
CRAZY DRUG ADDICT NEIGHBOR NEEDS TO BE FUCKED WITH
[warning: gross] Why I don't wash my hands after using the toilet at work.
Prove me wrong? I'll take a life.
Want to listen to music? Ok.
Take your change! Take it all! (X-post from /r/TalesFromRetail)Ruin my first iMax experience? Get gassed out.
Use the Ice and refuse to refill it? Have a nice clean mouth!
Boyfriend didn't reply to an urgent question
Reddit gold punishment
Cutting in line behind me is a bad idea.
Guy tries to take advantage of my shadow
Always take the best parking spot?
Pair of socks left under my pillow. How about a taste of your own medicine?
Try to take my window seat? Enjoy the rest of your trip with my foot in your way!!
Thanks for the post-its, bitch.
Piss Me Off....Piss On You
Don't know what drink you ordered? It's definitely our fault
Urinal Cakes With Ex-GF's Face on them.
Enjoy your pink polka-dot cap, golfbro douche!
Buzz me at 3am.....
Think it's cool to cut in line getting on the plane? Have an enjoyable flight!
If you cut in line getting on the plane? Have a relaxing flight!
don't slap me.
Recline your seat into a 6' woman with a history of blood clots, will you?
Urinal cakes with ex- gf's face on it
Hit my seat? I'll call a hit on you!
Won't turn off your horn alarm?
An old tale of revenge against small town bullies.
Apparently being an asshole in person extends to while driving.
If a waiter hits on my girlfriend during dinner, he's gonna have a bad time.
Be a drunken idiot and make your sick girlfriend cook and clean for you? Enjoy getting sick yourself!
Annoying teen on flight
Smash my car window with marbles? Be shamed and pay!
Look who's the dumbass now...
She'll never know
Don't force me to do the brunt of the work, lazy "friend"
If you dare prop that door open one more time, I'm going to do something very petty and mildly inconvenient.
Eat my brownies once? Shame on you. Eat my brownies twice, cayenne will burn you.
Guy behind me on airplane closing my window and shaking my seat
Today the government finally did me a solid.
Annoy the staff? Wait 30 minutes...
Why I love 9 year old me...
Don't skip me.
Irritation Failure
Steal my Halloween candy? Not if I can help it.
Hypocrits
I'm not pretty enough to work for you? How about as a client?
He'll be handicapped...on the side of the road
Cheating girlfriend gets a hilarious comeuppance
Don't upset a motorcyclist
Sisterly revenge
Be a jerk about giving me back something I borrowed you?
Need suggestions on what to do with a Class-A douche.
Dad's Cyber Revenge
Rudeness will be met with a spilled beer
Take a drink out of my fridge without asking? Enjoy your unemployment.
LAWN JUSTICE now has an official Facebook page.
I'm one of those assholes.
Piss me off? Prepare to fail your tests
You're gonna steal my Do Not Disturb sign?
Being petty at the window.
Revenge leaves a bad taste in roomies mouth and a warm feeling in my heart.
I paid my way here.
And on a cop, no less.
Drive Thru Pettiness
There are always people more connected than you are
You tailgate me, I slow down.
So you want to make fun of the skinny guy?
Ex-employer doesn't pay me? Get reported for tax fraud.
Douchebag Who Destroyed My Self Esteem [X-Post from /r/offmychest]
So someone has stolen my Minecraft account to make YouTube videos...
Parking Lot Revenge, Too
Throw stuff at my car? I'll show you
Don't you ever fucking draw on my car with dry erase marker you Michelin man looking motherfucker.
You probably shouldn't leave your laundry in the washer for 2 hours after it's done.
Only one dollar
Mess with stuff in my room? Enjoy the "modification" I made to your Tupperware container...
Chicken Sandwich Revenge delivered 3 years later
Have fun waiting at my door....
Piss me off? I'll blow up your burrito.
Time To Wake Up
Clean room revenge.
Ex-Wife Revenge
Cut the line? Enjoy the telemarketers.
Enjoy your teen idol's creased face, little bitches
Commuting Revenge
My personal victory is their embarrassment
Wake me up at 3 AM? Enjoy your complimentary shower
iphone 5s line revenge...well mental satisfaction
Parking Lot Revenge
Run past the line to get your books, have fun paying the higher price.
Proper retaliation was required.
10-fold Petty Revenge
Cleaning Crew
One Direction Tickets for sale ... OUCH
American Flag Revenge
Blue friend revenge gone wrong
Think you're gonna make me cry? I like it this way.
Wreck less driving? Good luck on that interview.
Bosses passive-aggressive skills.
Green-tea renegade.
It's a small industry. Be nice.
Express Lane Etiquette
Chocolate milk from above
The Roommate and the FridgeI made sure to look her right in the eyes.
Public transit revenge.
Goof around and I'll get you in trouble without you knowing.
I took great pride in telling her.
No more TV or Internet for you
Beep... Beep.. Beep. Beep. Beeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep!
Dad borrows son's electric razor without asking?
Treat me like a dog? Eat like a dog.
The Furious Racer (Been saving this for my First cake day!!!)
Win a free Ipad.
Boss acts like an arse: Childish, tea-based retaliation ensued.
Face the wrath of my passive aggression!
Be rude? Merchandise card!
[For Hire] Freelance Graphic Designer
Can't keep track of my things? You can never borrow from me again.
Have all the update texts
Dirty, petty revenge, on the fly
The kids in the grade above us were dicks.
Blame it on the cat and I will get you to step on sharp plastic.
He cried. A lot.
Brake checking fun
Revenge as sweet as candy
GNC Sales Rep
Stop chasing me
Be an impatient little prick? Enjoy your 10 second wait!
If I let you borrow my stuff, treat it with some respect.
A deliciously petty revenge.
Temper Tantrums Don't work well with me (post from r/talesfromretail)
That's my razor!
Got my brother the whooping of a lifetime
Enjoy inflicting pain? Enjoy getting some.
Gamestop: 1, Punk Kid: 0.
Enjoy your cheeseless chili items, heathen.
Entitled sport car owner uses two parking spaces...
A not so petty revenge.
Doesn't get the soda he wants
Snarky is as snarky does.
Crusade for Revenge!
Hope you like the new trees
I'm not going to help with your computer
Is this petty?
Bad tipper? nope. Just to you.
Double Petty Revenge
Calling trolls! I need help with my revenge!
Take up two parking spots? Good luck leaving any time soon.
Just because you can hear me, doesn't mean I'm speeding!
Punch my best friend in a bar over a girl? Work an extra 20 minutes 4 nights a week.
Next time don't park your car like that.
Volunteer me for shifts in the middle of a schedule vacation, will you? We'll see.
Thanks a latte
My selfish thief of a sister helps me get revenge on her
Don't thank me for taking 5 seconds to keep the door open for you? Feel my wrath!
Not doing your job = more work for you
...Now whos the wanker?
So i had a games ending spoiled what would you do?
bong water revenge idea suggestions?
don't have small bills? I've got some change for you.
Stress out the Bride? Get Rolled for it
Reach around.
An obese man was cruel to his waitress so I tricked him into exercising.
Have fun going to work with nasty smelling shoes.
Nasty coworker on a diet? Let me fill the candy bowl for you!
Try to make me pay for you losing your Drivers licence? Get ready to be late to your job.
Soft Packs Suck....
Park where it's clearly marked not to? We'll tow your ass!
Hope you like your instant message notifications at 70 decibles
Why I Hate Deep Blue Something
Ticket me, will you?
The Ex-Boyfriend, the Parents, and the Liberal Party
Try and get me fired, I'll turn your shit sideways
Can't keep your stock in date? I'll call another vendor.
Math teacher from Hell (X-Post with r/teachertales)
Vegetarian, environmentalist girl dumps me; I become an eco-villain
A Shower Quickie
Petty revenge on 2013 Miss America candidate
UPDATE: Shelly the Lawnmower Bimbo goes to court. LAWN JUSTICE continues.
Try and get me fired, I'll turn your shit sideways
Don't be hateful anywhere near me.
A-Hole roommate is an a-hole so I ruin his "game"
Be obnoxious in MY store, will you?
High School Vengeance.
Long lines? It'll cost ya!
Tell me you want your .40 cent discount after I've rung you up on your credit card? Of course, give me 10 minutes of your time!
Revenge on high school teacher that didn't go as well as I hoped.
Revenge on a batshit crazy neighbor
Laugh in my friends face after he compliments you?
A web of revenge
Nearly run me down? No directions for you.
Fire me for arbitrary reasons? Enjoy your new junk mail.
Petty revenge on petty flies
Revenge on Impatient Consultant
Choose your own content
The drink thief
be rude... you lose money
Act like a child, have some adult catalogs!
Old obscenity
Petty revenge on my wife
Enjoy your tip.
Operatic Revenge
Woman gets me soaked in the rain, I charge her more.As petty as it gets
It's a Jimmy Buffet concert, ya old hag
Bad Printer, eh? NO SOUP FOR YOU!
Grocery Shopping Revenge
Another Petty Junk Mail revenge
TV Remote Revenge...
credit application? yes please!
Hoping this is considered petty... here's another "I got back at my evil ex-boss" story!
Krabby Patties for a Crabby Patty
Demand a certain temperature? How about a degree higher?
Got revenge at the boat launch today
Truly petty at the checkout
The guy I'd been seeing "exclusively" for the last few months said he didn't know how to tell me that he'd been seeing someone else and lied to me about it because he "liked me as a friend and enjoyed my company..."
Crowd my space? Enjoy my fart dust.
Reddit I need help with my stepmom.
Rude to me? Walk in the rain
Embarrass me will you....
Try to vote me out of my own game? Banned.
Don't worry, I'll take care of it
yeah that'll teach her (x-post /r/WTF)
Junk mail revenge
Have fun failing!
You're not going to let the dogs out on MY work day? Smell this!
What is the story where the girl pays another girl to mow her lawn for 50 dollars and she steals her laptop? I will remove this when answered.
Enjoy your dog slobber!
Pillowcase petty revenge
Girlfriend cheated on me and went behind my back numerous times, so I'm putting a photo of her on the web.
I get (about) a weekly dosage of petty revenge.
Football stadium revenge!
Waiting in line for nothing.
DON'T TRUST CRAIG'S LIST. SCAMMERS. SCAMMERS EVERYWHERE.
Dumped petty revenge
Wakey wakey!
Enjoy your wet seat prick.
Dorm bathroom revenge
Enjoy your headache!
I just put my ex's phone number on a personal craigslist ad. And another thing...
So you want to copy my notes?
Petty revenge for a petty annoyance.
Petty league revenge. Trash talk me all game? Enjoy not having your... (x-post from r/leagueoflegends)
Sweet revenge in road rage incident
One item shopping trip turned into two item shopping trip
Sometimes the best revenge is doing nothing at all
[First post] Drunk abusive dick wad gets what he deserves after ten years!
The entitled new coworker
Mildly inconsiderate roommate
Make me do your laundry?
Bus Driver's petty revenge
Ignore me? Find your own damn volunteers.
Oh you're hiding garbage in my crawlspace under my bedroom?
Enjoy your pennies asshole!
Don't want the cutie sitting next to you? Get a neckbeard instead
I work at a truck stop...
You get what you ask for!
Steal my idea? I can't hear you...
My husband best know who he's married to! *snaps fingers*
Noisy in the computer lab? I'll call you out!
Making Tracks
Dont let me change lanes, Ill block you in
Lie about your diet, get outted on facebook
Banana phone
Toilet Paper Revenge
My Vine for Puke revenge.
Sweet Moobs
Use our washers? Have fun sowing your stripes back on.
User our washers, lose your clothes.
Petty Concert Parking Revenge
A story of driving revenge on my cakeday!
Never take your laundry out of the washer or dryer you get a note!
Guess you're waiting
Lemon Juice Chug Revenge
Video Store Revenge
I had some asshole tailgating me this morning, the traffic stopped and he didn't and he plowed right into the back of my truck. His bumper and mine never touched, but my trailer hitch went right through his radiator and oil cooler.
I never liked the dentist too much.
Act like a douche? Enjoy the pink paper clips.
No check mailbox? No birthday present.
I just wanted batteries, but now you get to touch mom's vibrator.
Doucher in my history class.
Petty work revenge
Bad tip? Good tip.
Sweet Tea Revenge
Elevator Revenge
Enjoy eating my fart particles you coffee creamer stealing bitch.
My petty pub revenge
Bratty kids revenge.
"Can you make less noise when you eat?"
Gas guzzler vs Eco warrior
I don't know if you would call what I did petty
A short tale of vintage vengeance
Tailgater tries to pass over the shoulder
Don't turn down the volume when I'm studying for a final? Take this!
Get eye-raped by a mouth breather.
Try to grift me out of $150? Enjoy this rubber band and pencil shavings.
Deny quality gaming time? Allow me to return the favour
You're being lazy? I'll call you out on it.
THAT'S what you get for being rude to me.
THAT'S what you get for being rude to me.
Three missed calls back to back to back...
Hope you like death metal!
Block me in will you? I dont think so!Complain I left the toilet seat up? Here is 22+ years of ever so petty revenge...
Just the one...
I hope you like to donate!
Dog Gets Revenge
My coworker clears his throat incessantly after eating
Can't be patient when calling in? Well now you get minorly inconvenienced, and it's an ongoing thing
My mom's revenge on my dad
Sometimes my revenge works
I hope I scuffed your shoe
Try to boast about academic credentials, get denied service.
Grocery Checkout Revenge
Take your holier than thou attitude and shove it
You don't wanna let me play? I WON'T let you play.
Defeating a queue jumper (with his own weapons) [x-post from TFR]
Petty revenge gone wrong, mea culpa.
Don't mess with my students
Be a jerk: don't get your stuff
City type on EuroStar
Be unpleasant to me, I'll make you fat!
Laundry Pettiness
You can take your H.O.A and shove it up your A.S.S
Spoil my ending? I spoil yours.
Maybe if she hadn't been so brazen, I wouldn't have said anything to the librarian.
Working in a grocery store some people just deserve it.
Shh... this is a library
Spagetti-o's and Meatballs
Mooch off of us? You're contributing whether you like it or not.
revenge best served frozen
Even though my parents are divorced, I still go out with my dick of a father to eat lunch and...
Kick my balls? You've still got a good 5 seconds to regret your decision.
Straight from the headlines: "Steal my parking spot? Your car will now taste like delicious barbecue."
no good morning?
Telemarketer revenge
Enjoy waiting now!
YOINK!
Science test
10 year old rabbit poo revenge!
Charles.
Don't shop with moody teenagers !
Steal my coffee creamer and put the empty bottle back? Enjoy diarrhea!
Just be nice or I don't cut your pizza.
Asshole Flatmate decides to air condition all of the outdoors
Update: "Oh you're going to harass my boyfriend and I via text"
Customer learns that employees can play his game, too
Residential Zone Tail-Gater? Eat Pavement.
Vegetarian privelege
Bully gets left out
Island Revenge
Fuck sticks and stones. Words are my weapon of choice.
Please unsubscribe me.
Oh you're going to harass my boyfriend and I via text?
Using iPhone's 'AutoCorrect' feature like a boss!
What are the odds of that?
Cubicle Revenge
Step-Son whined his way out of $1000
Be difficult, pay full price.
My review of Yelp
Karma will get you. Every time.
Bitch about the day shift ? join them..
Annoying kid in the boarding area loses his seat
I will make you answer!
Nickel and dimed.
I'm a monster
Step Dad can be a little mean to be sometimes.
Don't throw my eggplant, man
Oh fudge.
Steal my things? Get burnt.
Make me sit in the car wash? I'll make you sit in my fart.
Make my job harder? I'll make your lozenges taste like your own sweaty condoms.
Yelp
The leftover pizza
My lowly victory against a terrible woman.
Don't mess with my food.
Telemarketers
Teriyaki treachery
Baseball Field Photographer
Banana pepper showdown
Take that, Dad.
No smiley face for you!
The driver's seat is NOT a barber chair
Won't pay your bills? Enjoy paying for Netflix.
Parking Lot Revenge
10 items or less
Wake me up in my hotel room? Less tip for you.
Staple. Staple. Argh..
"Have a day."
Help me exact my revenge (Maybe nsfw?)
Charge me extra and the lie about it? Enjoy a smaller tip.
I Killed The Bastard (and Got Rid of the Body)
Sometimes I upvote bad posts before downvoting them so that I see the number drop even further.
was instructed to post this short story of mine here a while ago, hope you all enjoy!
What's that fowl smell?
I'm an awful, awful human being.
Petty revenge at Christmas on the self service tills
"Maybe if you looked better" revenge
Take EVERY parking spot? You're hosed.
The tales of Matching Mike (long read)
Sister annoys me, I change all the Danimals to banana
Petty revenge on shitty entitled brother
"Sorry." (x-post by suggestion from r/gonewildstories)Sometimes karma is its own revenge
You clamjam me, I will always return the favor
Stiff me? Bend over!
Kirby vacuum revenge
Enjoy some commercials!
"Do you have a minute" revenge
Scamming a scammer
Kids at the midnight movie...
Road rage petty revenge.
A lesson I learned from /r/pettyrevenge
Wasted my time interviewing for a job that was a scam. Now I'm wasting their time. Meet the worst resume of all time, complete with White Pride hate group membership.
Maybe you should listen to me next time.
Revenge at upscale restaurant
Spoil My Show, I will Spoil Yours
UPDATE: That stupid bimbo who bragged about her ridiculous lawnmower scam is back. LAWN JUSTICE Part 4 with voicemails from "Shelly" herself
Killin' 'em with kindness
Middle school revenge(sortof)
Country Club Tales: "Splitting Tips: A Tale of Sweet Revenge" (X-post from r/talesfromretail)
Swear at a police officer for no reason? Okay, have some time to reflect on what you've done.
Oh, you wanted that? So sorry.
Sweet revenge on a shitty recruiter
Roadkill revenge
Parking at college is a nightmare.
My measly petty revenge.
I'll make it as uncomfortable as I can for you if you cut in line.
Roommate screwed us over but forgot to have her mail forwarded.
Easy Baked Revenge.
Asshole Kitten.
So, you're a doctor, eh?
Revenge in the Galley
I hope you have to dump new rocks.
Attention seeking behavior? Not on my watch
Harry Potter and the Midnight Release Revenge
Roommate gets paranoid
Petty Revenge....on me
Revenge on a lazy co-worker
Dont fuck with my basket
Middle school bus revenge
Effective petty revenge
Revenge on an undeserved fine.
Going on holiday? You'll need some sunglasses.
Break the rules. Break your computer.
Don´t drive and act like an asshole!
Tailgating? Ok, you can wait a little longer to overtake me
Revenge on Property Manager
Petty revenge on my better half.
Revenge on shitty housemate
You messed with the wrong sailor
Impatient customer
I make games. Yesterday, I was threatened with a lawsuit via youtube comment. He was serious, so I took him seriously.
New to this subreddit: Friend steals my brother's Minecraft Account
Talk right behind me during the movie? I don't think so.
Revenge on a High School Student
How my mom made an asshole drive to another state for 12 weeks in a row.
Hipster harasses me. We make him cry.
Customer Appreciation Day, And The Rude Lady
No reward points for you
Yell at me? No internet on your phone!
Revenge on a fifth grader
Why would you even do that?
Fear me!
Cut off some dude who then has to cut me off? I will mutter some stuff and then return the favor!
Keep nudging me? Hav fun
Nag me about petty things? Fear my petty AC!
Tail-gating revenge, with an accidental bonus revenge.
Cut me off and flip me off at the toll plaza? I'll drive the speed limit and get in front of you in ten miles.
Manager's girlfriend is a bitch.
Messy kid, bad attitude? Oops, looks like you lost out on $50.
Sure, you drive an SUV.
Sorry, i'm just not ready for that type of commitment
Who are you again?
Give me more shit attitude? Get taken down a few pegs.
Revenge in a simple text.
Revenge at the mini-golf course
Rude to my favorite customer? Have an elbow to the face.
No tip from me! (title may be misleading)
Kijiji Justice
Keep Me Up Night after Night? Let me PRINT MY PAPER!
Ex spreads lies about me. Revenge ensues.
High school drama
This is so bad.
Just a quick one from earlier.
Finally got to use something I learned from you guys. Anti-tailgater tactics.
YouTube troll gets a quick lesson.
Steal my friday night fun, get arrested.
I like sweaty shirts..
Lying little liar gets nailed
I was FB hacked by the self-proclaimed bopoger Todd_Brinkmeyer...
Keep raising prices, I'll show you.
Employee Gets Fired, Have a Magazine, or 300
My sister loves to make sure our mistakes are known
Cheat off my test? Fail the class
Ongoing petty revenge on abusive ex.
Don't throw your stuff at me.
Getting back at my judgmental roommate.
Just started college and my roommate sucks. Looking to get revenge.
Give me attitude? Your "OMGthesearesogood!they'remyfave!" Muesli Bar gets destroyed.
The family that conspires together...stays together.
Don't walk in at the last minute then block my view.
Want to tailgate? Have some washer fluid.Do you feel me? Do you feel me inside of you?
Use my laptop without my permission? Have fun getting past the password!
Don't stand in the fuckin doorway
My revenge on my lazy brother.
Keep me up all night? Have fun getting out of that tent.
Ruin all my mom's hard work? Say goodbye to a good christmas tree.
Small Barnes and Nobles Revenge
Mess with my dinner party? Good luck registering for class!
Cheating on your girlfriend? Not on my watch.
take 20 minutes to bring my drink enjoy making a new one.
Break a peace treaty to make Risk easier on yourself? Work harder for your victory.
You want to prank me? Enjoy your revenge.
Block my car once, shame on you. Block my car twice... thrice... You're never moving again.
My dad's revenge on his roommate in college.
Boyfriend belittles beauty before bitterly baking
Can't take 'no' as an answer? Ruin your ugly jacket...maybe.
Spill food on my sofa; enjoy losing to your friend on Battlefield 3
Don't Sit Next to Me
Revenge: Kitty Style
Planning my revenge
Ignore the 'Queue here' sign? Reap my pettiness!
Unfinished Story
My shitty roommate
Don't ever prank call a store.
Don't want to pick up lunch for me? Have fun picking up lunch for everyone else.
Don't want to pick up lunch for me? Have fun picking up lunch for everyone else.
Get drunk? Get the mutilated peach for dessert!
Do it yourself!
Unintentional Craigslist justice.
Test your loud bike in front of my house? I'll test my louder one in front of yours.
My friend now nose not to be a dick
Don't keep chips away from me
Don't steal a pregnant woman's seat.
Dog takes revenge on me
Mess with my airline seating, no survey for you!
Rude to me? Pay extra
Push in the queue? Enjoy the run.
Revenge on a lying realtor
High Beams Ass v. Me
Petty Workplace Revenge Part 2
Petty Workplace Revenge
A memory of homework petty revenge when I was a kid.
Use whole bike rack and tell me to go fuck myself? Have fun walking.
Can't think of a title, but it's Golf Course revenge.
Petty revenge going on escalating
My bird was being a dick earlier
My brother didnt leave me any cocopops this morning, so I "forgot" to bless him when he sneezed.
get harassed while purchasing train ticket, harasser misses train
Made pizza for my wife and I tonight
I was told to post this here. "Late stage revenge"
Next in line does not mean bitchy lady at the back of the line.
You want me to sit in on an interview for a possible new hire, make sure they can work well with me since I will be their supervisor, and then fire me? Let's see your installs run smoothly.
We tried to help a guy. He was a total asshole. He later realizes he should have listened.
Not sure if this is revenge or assholish.
Whiners in my neighborhood asked for more speed bumps, I hope they enjoy them.
Be careful who you show your ugliness to
Speaking of parking lot stories, don't take advantage of my kindness.
Extra foam
Hit on my date in front of me, enjoy the dick pics.
Want to Be a Bitch? Enjoy the Rain
Keep us up all night? Enjoy not watching your game
Take my supplies, take my workload!
Petty revenge on a crazy taxi driver.
1st graders vs. Bridezilla
Petty doughnut revenge
Be a douche and still expect my parking spot? Have fun waiting!
Petty Gate Revenge
My neighbour, "Maxine," in an apartment building, and the varied forms of petty revenge I take on her
Mean bus driver gets his comeuppance
Don't fight someone bigger than you
Bags are bad.
Xpost from askreddit: What's the most satisfying act of revenge that you've ever experienced?
don't take my gloves
Here, why don't you just have 7-8 more emails that you just won't read?
Brag about your car? Have some pettyrevenge, sir.
Stupid tuba player
Have loud parties until 5 AM when I have work at 8, huh, roommate? Hope you enjoy that beer. [NSFW, very gross]
Douche brother
Small justice for a small inconvenience.
Revenge suggestions needed
Never go to a bar with only 1 toilet.
Sometimes revenge is pizza without two layers of cheese...
Make me miss my elevator ride to 8th floor? Have fun stopping at each floor!
Food tampering is wrong, but don't emotionally blackmail a stressed out depressed person with anxiety.
Cut me off and my friends will make fun of you.
It never hurts to be nice
Constantly mess with my sleep for three weeks, will you?
revenge on me
My boss's boss's boss will be giving you a call ;-)
Reverted back to being a kid to reach the peak of pettiness
Paranoid hag across the street gets years of torment.
I hope she got pink eye.
Landlord wishes he was never born.
That's a burn
Cyclist revenge
It Felt Pretty Good
If you want the manager to know everything you do, he shall know EVERYTHING you do
Have some gleemites in your hair dryer
Citizen of Malta gets petty revenge on road raging U.S. Embassy employee
You want petty? You got petty.Call me fat pervert ? hope you enjoy the strip search!
Neighbors Get What They Deserve
Leave me to clean up after you? Have a lot more work when you come back
School wants to disable sign-in to Chrome and block access to arbitrary sites? Hah.
Sweet traffic justice
Revenge is best when it requires no action. [long one]
Dormitory Space
Fancy toast
Coffee shop revenge
Penny Revenge
Quick and effective petty revenge on little brother.
Don't let me use your book? Don't save money.
Too busy sleeping to help with the cleaning
Pizza Revenge
Hide things that don't belong to you and lie about everything? I'll slash the seams of your stuff.
My short and sweet pettiness.
Have a shitty envelope
Something I do quite often
The best $1.25 I have ever spent
Secret Tea Surprise
The Very Brief Legend of the Bumper Brushing Bitch
Always follow the Bro-Code
Don't you love teenage drivers?
Your favorite cup needs some golden showers
How I got a stolen monitor back
So. You're allergic, you say?
Petty Potty Pout
Lack of planning on your part does not constitute an emergency on mine.
Back in the good-old days of MS-DOS
To the popped collar douche in the white Porsche that cut me off while walking to pay a parking meter. . .
Tasty revenge for my small portion of pickles
Try to pass 100 cars that have waited patiently and I squeeze you out.
[Driving] Impatient and aggressive? Get in line!
Bon Jovi traffic bitch has to merge in just a bit slower
roll your eyes at me?
Tiny revenge, but satisfying
Tag Team Cyclist revenge!
Burger Steak Delivery
That should teach him.
Petty revenge at the office
Rainbows everywhere!
Realtor Revenge
Don't say sorry for hitting my car, I don't tell you when you damage your gas tank.
Upstairs neighbors were extremely loud every morning, we were very loud one night
A sticky revenge against a lazy room mate...
Keep us up all night? Good luck napping all day!
Sold a wreck of a car by a rogue dealer
Waste my screen space, I waste yours.
I still get an evil smile...
Sunburnt guy gets extremely petty revenge....
My own PHOB story
A slice for a slice.
Annoy me? Well take that!
Guy calls me a racist, I am anything but.
My story of Pubes the horrible roommate.
Drive like a dick? I'm going to go visit my mom.
Dish skipper screws himself over
What am I making for dinner? I'll tell you what
Revenge on fussy toddler
Be an asshole shopper and I'm /thankful/ you pay in change!
Shitty rich Room-mate gets owned.
Cancel my flight, will you?
A quick one.
Mmm Mmm Mmm Milk
The pettiest revenge
Revenge on cigarette butt boy...feels so good.
Revenge Against Left Lane Drivers part 2
I had the tables turned on me - I got pettily revenged this week.
That 'taint' toothpaste.
Excuse you, please be quieter in the early morning, and don't leave your apple tv AirPlay enabled :)
Petty revenge on a bitch ex-roommate.
Treat me like shit at work? I'll leave all the boxes of chickens just for you.
BOOGERS
Break my expensive art supplies I will destroy your art work.
Deprive me of fishing and sleep? Have fun finding your beer
My bully story
UPDATE on the UPDATE: Stupid bimbo scams me, brags about it on Facebook, threatens to sue with a fake lawyer. VENGEANCE IS MINE, SAYETH THE SWEETALKERSWEETALKER.
Don't plagiarize my work. (x-post from r/prorevenge)
This is the silly crap I have to come home to some nights...
I'm slowly driving my neighbor into madness
Such Sweet Revenge
Act like a cheese dick = more work for you
Gave him a taste of his own medicine!
The Arts Fest was making it difficult to park in my neighborhood. This is how I protested.
I make my brothers lunches. When they're being exceptionally annoying, I make their sandwiches with the end slices of bread.
Point out my petty mistakes to try to make me look bad? I can be pettier.
Finish off what food I had left for the month? I put all your shit out onto the porch.
Poor communication etiquette? I'll waste your gas.
Candy store employees can be petty too.
He never does it anymore.
Screw you and your lawn!
You need a safety pin? Sorry, I need these.
Reddit petty revenge
UPDATE: Stupid bimbo scams me, is dumb enough to brag about it on Facebook and then threatens to sue with a fake lawyer
Enjoy the scenic roadworks
Please stop turning the lights off in the locker room.
Get grass on my car? You'd better be prepared for minor inconvenience.
Don't piss off the tow truck driver
Another restaurant revenge story - waitresses don't treat your cooks like dirt or you may get wet...
Don't want to voluntarily slide over to let others sit down on a crowded bus? Have fun needlessly sliding over!Ex-roommate abused my stuff, so I cost her money.
that was unexpected, wasn't it, douchebag?
Breadsticks and the lunch time rush
This is why we don't use battery powered locks at school.
Try to bypass the lineup for road construction. Get cut-off and harassed as long as I can.
Douche in SUV won't let me pass him
A classic fast food revenge.
Tailgating petty revenge
Make a mess and tell me to clean it up? Have fun trying to return your stupid olive oil.
Enjoy your library fine, sir.
Use my network I try to play LoL? Enjoy some Megadeth.
You ruined my groove!
Don't touch my lunch
You Don't Bully My Kids And Get Away With It
Bathroom Justice
How to torment a bully
Bully starts bothering me. I get him in trouble for fighting.
Sit on the hood of someone else their car? Enjoy feeling your stomach flutter!
Be a REALLY dicky neighbor have MORE than petty revenge
Have a pole growing out of your head?
Very mild revenge, but revenge nonetheless.
Keep showing up late, I'll make your job annoying
Sneezing
Take that, you stupid mutt.
Revenge is not so sweet.
Hogging the Queen: a group revenge story.
Mailbox Baseball Revenge
Won't stop yapping? Enjoy the loud beeping.
Fight music with music
You want more fries? Have more fries.
Enjoy your monopoly money...
Try to act like a big man all night... I'll remind everybody of what happened when you were a dumb little kid.
Let's see how you like leftovers when they're heated up by a garage.
Petty revenge on an elementary school bully... years later
Don't bag your shit?
Of hair and horror.
Patience is sometimes rewarded. Revenge 6 years later.
Enjoy those wrinkles
Kick my trashcans will you? Enjoy the broken toe!
Get your s***** underwear out of my face you a*******.
Best served cold.
Petty Revenge, Household Style
Hiss at me? Enjoy spending an extra $20.
Stupid bimbo scams me, is dumb enough to brag about it on Facebook.
When One Door Opens, Another One Closes [Long]
Butt-scented glass frames for great justice!
Pick up your sh-t
Sorry, did you want that spot?
Ive got painful blisters because of my room mate, and she wouldnt do anything about it. So I did.
Chocolate bar revenge
Eat my food all the time? Hope you like my spit!
I'll give you some food, alright!
Revenge
I feel so evil
Ruin my morning...
A minute of your Friday night for a week of harassment
If you're rude to me then I will ruin your dinner plans
Sorry, this seat is taken.
The Running of the Bulls or Why Middle Age Middle Class Women suck (x-post for r/TalesFromRetail)
I was pretty petty.
Parking like an asshole
Petty Restroom Revenge
Douchebag at the gym
Clip your toenails in my room?
Shitty Roommate
You waste my time, I'll waste yours!
Key Chain Revenge
Nearly crash into someone because you're on your phone? Watch this dude do what all of us would want to do.
2 hour pizza delivery. I just want my money back.
Shitty cab service
It's Getting Hot in Here...
Short and sweet petty parking lot justice. (x-post from r/justiceporn)
The pettiest of petty revenges
I ain't sleeping in a freezer.
So you like to take my coffee huh?
Don't have a fake persona.
How I dealt with loud teenagers in a theater
You want to steal my spot? Let me show you what petty revenge is.
Go ahead, eat my chex mix bitch
Wherein I discover that I am not alone in my revenge.
Minor revenge/karma for someone who may have cut in line
Be a bitch? Have a smudge.
Phone customer service asshole keeps hanging up. So I keep calling him and say nothing.
It looks like you just pushed a cart into your own car. How is it my problem?
Don't want my free help because I'm taking too long to eat? Ok
"You got this"
My sister's bin raider...
Red Light Camera
Douchebag wall guy.
My roommate leaves me notes to do chores. This makes him angry (x post from /r/funny)
Vengeance comes with a broken side-view mirror.
If the BOFH Can Hear Your Music 2 Cubicles Over, YOU'RE DOING IT WRONG.
K'Nex
Repeated petty revenge
A Tailgate Tale
How I deal with phones in a movie theater.
Leave TV on all night? Minimal choices the next day.
Checkmate, bitch!
My sister was being annoying so I farted in the oven that she was reheating a sandwich in.
I just found the subreddits official theme song.Disgruntled Janitor Revenge
Disrupt My Studying? Enjoy Your Cramming
Another laundry debacle
Doughnut Place Messed Up My Order
Let's play hide and seek.
petty roommate revenge
Accidental Sibling Revenge... Oops
Too busy to return a cart?
I'm proud to be able to contribute to /r/pettyrevenge
Dutch Oven!
I'll pick a color for you, dear.
Be a bad mother? No updates for you!
Roommate punishes friend's ex-GF for cheating
It's all the same...
I don't like being used, and given the worst jobs just because I'm new.
Another Dog Revenge
Wet laundry for me, wet laundry for you.
Fire me at the end of my shift for no reason? Enjoy this jar of mayonnaise.
Finally caught one of those dicks who puts fliers all over cars, and then things took a turn
Nothing is better than having someone acknowledging your petty revenge!
Standing in Line
Pulling the race card
Don't disrespect your Cleaning ladies!
Passive aggressive? I can be too, if I want to!
Your posts are bad, and you should feel bad.
So you take my clothes out of the dryer in the laundromat?
"Whatever you do, don't f%&amp;$ with my toothbrush, that's just gross"
This guy likes to run his mouth and say awful unwarranted shit to people.
Please Yell
Lights off and lane closed sign up, must mean it's still open?
Tales of Revenge on a Self-Important High School Music Teacher
Sharing water only works if you actually contribute water occasionally instead of just taking them
Entitled first-class passenger gets a visit from the pilot.
Some dude behind me was rushing me up the stairs...
Don't update me? Get acorns!
Talk shit about our boss? No paper clips for you
Demand that I leave? Enjoy your stinky bathroom.
No more egging houses for you!
Drunk College Roommate Revenge, or How Did These Get Here?
I was getting a bunch of hate mail on xbox from people I know in real life, so...
Behave like a shitty roommate? Don't be surprised when 'urine' petty revenge land. [Long]
Found someone else's clothes in MY washing machine in apartment. Can I legally sell them?
Revenge on my cat
Step on my feet, have a hard time getting to where you need to go!
Use an accessible elevator when you can walk up stairs? Get shamed in front of everyone.
This might be too petty for this place
Destroyed my sand castle? You'll pay the price!
Slight my best friend at a gaming tournament? I'll mess up your gaming cred.
I drink tea out of this mug because it's the only way I can get back at the annoyingly ubiquitous slogan.
McRevenge
Merge Like A Zip (Driving/Traffic story)
Revenge on my dog
My petty rage on a flight to Boston
Fine, no chicken nuggets.
Who am I? Happy Birthday to the ground!!!!!
Shoplifting. I dont think so.
call me a whore? Fine I'll just enjoy this ice cream.
petty revenge at a concert
Car wall of justice!
Cable company sends a guy out to try to sell me a landline.
Revenge on my STBX
YOU put YOUR change in YOUR purse for once.
Petty revenge to rude teacher
Use your indicators
Staring at my friend and me rudely, then try to poot and scoot? You're getting called all the way out!
Petty Revenge Against Left Lane Drivers
Queue jumping? I'll wait right until you get to the head of the queue to call you out.
Revenge against a Spoiled Roommate
Don't fuck with me or you're going to have to work late.
Enter the bathroom when I want privacy, feel the wrath of my smelly anger!
If you've got the time to scream at me, I can make you wait even longer.
Shoplifter thinks she's so smooth...
Pettiness in the hallways.
Don't fuck with dispatch. I'll make your life inconvenient.
Marching Band Red Neck kid get's a nice case of the fuck you's.
You don't know where his mouth has been
HELP: I need some revenge ideas.
Bike revenge from my little cousins
I love seeing people take petty revenge on someone
Cut me in line?
A tad too hot for ya.
Park in front of my house at your own peril...
Ask nicely, or don't touch my stapler!
Destroy my house, will you? Stupid cat
Too lazy to swipe your own card? I'll get that for you.
You like to use KY warming liquid do ya? Feel the hot hellfire of vengeance!
And this is why you don't tailgate chicks.
Pizza in lap
One Way
Stick me on support for three straight weeks? You can answer all the after-hours calls.
Parking Meter Revenge
No bill for you!
Throttle our bandwidth? I throttle yours.
Stop hogging the bandwith, or, No Runescape for you!
Retail revenge.
Waiting for the docter
I'm not here to clean up
I told Gawker to bite me and went to Reddit
I help you, you help me... Wait, wadda ya mean no?
We are having an argument and you are downvoting me?The best way to deal with queue-jumpers [x-post from /r/TalesFromRetail]
Petty revenge for a petty annoyance.
Letter of appeal to West Hollywood, CA regarding a recent parking ticket.
Fire me? Feel the slight karmic burn a year later...
Looks like you're getting nothing.
A glass of water
Coupon validity is dependent on customer attitude
Be helpful? Here's your commission! Demand it? No commission for you!
Lie about me and cheat on your boyfriend, enjoy payback!
Disrespect the station guard force, I will make your day even longer.
Parting petty revenge for my cheating ex...
Don't put that so close to my face.
Be a dick? Enjoy your milk!
Laundry revenge
I may be an asshole but something had to be done
Be a complete bitch to me and expect me to help you find a job when you get fired? You're out your mind.
Skank driver gets the skank treatment.
Oh, you need a place to crash? Too bad.
Hope you enjoy PB&amp;Js for dinner
Want to tell lies about my brother and mom? Go ahead, I'll just break more of your precious plates.
Entitled "Regulars" make me go grr. (xpost from r/TalesfromRetail)
You act like an ass and I will spit into your drink and make you sick
belittle me, no internet for you
Pettiness on the Freeway
Yell at me at, I'll waste your time.
First time posting - hot sauce revenge
Oh, we're ignoring people now? I can deal with that.
The Sharpie Mines
You're gonna have a shitty attitude when we try to teach you the skills to be good at your new job? Fine, we'll sacrifice our own hours to make sure you get even less.
This is why you don't give me YOUR kids to hold: A Tale of Petty Revenge. (x-post r/childfree)
If I can't have them, no one can
My time is worth your money, Mr. Frys Associate.
Shout and yell at our parents when you don't get your way? Say goodbye to your internet.
You want food one minute before we close? sure thing!
If you can't accelerate, don't tailgate
Yes, please continue to get irritated while you tailgate me....
No small change...
Have my piece of crap car towed? Well how do you like this.
Don't lie to the guy in HR.
Oh so you park like a douche eh? Good luck getting in your car then...
Friend encountered a douchebag parker... Goodluck to then... ;)
He stole my jungle, i stole his red
leave me and lie, you get what's coming for you
Rant about this sub...
Don't apologize for misdialing my phone # at 2 AM? Enjoy your 4 AM wake up call.
Cheat agaist me? Prepare for chemical warfare.
My sweet sweet revenge...
Don't make a mess in my car
Keep walking! Keep walking!
Enjoy my booger
Parking lot karmic revenge
Minor Sabotage and Straight-Faced Lies. Sometimes a Good Combo.
My Coffee-based Revenge.
You want to access facebook at work? Sorry, that's no longer possible...
Plan to go to the movies without me?
Cuss at my parents and trash my neighborhood? Meet my slingshot, fuckers.
Pay your fucking rent.
What can I do to a random person who hacked my account and stole money?
Get drunk &amp; belligerent? No coffee for you.
Sneak past me while shopping? Go right ahead.
Ride my bumper and then be rude to me? Not today, bitch.
"It's our policy."
I'll teach you to honk at me.
Tailgate me on the highway? Welcome to the back of the line.
Make me close by myself all the time? Have fun never going home early.
College Laundry.
I sound like my mother.
I pissed on her toothbrush.
It was only $10 effin dollars!!
Don't be an asshole to the pedestrians in a crosswalk
Don't feel it anymore? Well then I don't feel like I know where that is...
Very petty
get rekt
Working the night shift earned a win for my parents!
(x-post from /r/getoffmychest) I secretly feed my 'dairy intolerant' friend, dairy
The ultimate petty revenge...
Curse at me for doing my job and try to get me fired? Enjoy being ID'd everywhere.
Be rude to me? See what happens
Verizon tries to get people to switch away from unlimited data and presents it as a benefit
This is the story I was composing last week when my cat closed my browser and I lost everything.
Good guy vet
Just let me finish unloading my shopping cart, lady.
Payback bro.
Flatmate keeps ruining shower pressure
So you're gonna complain about the AC? Have another degree.
I got petty revenge through mere friendly conversation
Let your child scream all bus journey long? Fine I guess you won't be needing that giftcard.
Waste my time and money and I'll waste your time
No rent... no reddit!
Kick the back of my seat constantly? Enjoy the rest of the show with my head in the way...
Don't nag me please
Harass me about spending money? Have a present you can't refuse!
Put me behind on my job, I'll make you stay late doing nothing.
Be an asshat and make my job harder? I've got a friend who needs a job.
half full
This guy was always a douche to me
Some petty revenge between my parents
Ruin my side of the bathroom? Prepare to have your nose destroyed.
Don't be a dick or you don't get to use yours.
Do you even know who you're messing with??Traffic violation
No cookies for you.
The worst a brother can do.
Ill take a water please.
Don't Treat Me Like A Moron, Mr. Canadian Tuxedo
Whistle like a song bird.
Dirty all my dishes before I move out?
Looks like someone forgot the words to 'The Gambler'
A fool and his tools are soon parted
A small win in a night full of annoyance
Pizza Revenge
New employee is rude and condescending towards me? Enjoy your 3 year old BlackBerry!
Let me sleep, dangnabbit.
Zing!
Texting while driving in traffic? Called it!
Rich People Cars are Driven by Jerks
Got deported from Canada, United Airlines then stranded me.
Roommate CoD Revenge
TL;DR: Your Porsche® is no match for my $200 bicycle.
Driving lessons aren't free.
Today was the last day of a month-long summer camp I worked at for kids 6-12 with behavioral problems
It's the little things.
Waste thousands of my dollars?
Tailgate me, huh?
Strand me in another city with no $$? I tell your hometown your darkest secret.
Inertia is a cruel, cruel mistress.
Take a big bite
Revenge comes quickly
"Busy. Sorry."
Act rude to me, I'm not letting you in.
That'll teach her!
No one wanted him there anyways.
My dad hates car salesmen
Cheating...
Block my way out? Enjoy the smell!
Sexually harass me, I'll embarrass you in front of your girlfriend.
Laundry Revenge
Goodbye present for people that are jerks
Hmm, don't think I remember you that well, grade-school bitch.
Try to tell me how to do my job while I am doing my job correctly?
There's a reason I'm the smart one.
does this count as petty revenge?
My Yorkie exacted my petty revenge..
Ruined his dessert
"Put your smaller carry-on under the seat in front of you."
Move your hours to later in the day, every day? Add 8 hours to all of your shifts, broseph.
If you get cut off at the bar, don't be a dick to the bartender, it probably wasn't his decision...
Temp agency recruiter treats me like shit as a temp employee for her firm, awkwardness ensues when she later tries to schmooze me and my boss at my new permanent job
Ruined my bully's birthday.
Cause me to be self conscious? I'll steal your karma
A Twist on "Homework Copying" Revenge
Lunch thief gets a surprise
I don't hear anything, do you?
I stepped on her cheerios, she stepped on her cheerios.
Slow walking pedestrians walking 3 abreast get stalled [2 lliner short &amp; sweet]
Think she'll run a red light again?
guy snorts snot during a test which I did poorly on. Made him smell my farts.
Annoy me for the last week? I don't set my status.
I had never felt satisfaction like this before.
He choked me, I choked his job prospects
To see the look on her chubby face...
Sorry Beauty Queen
I have to hear about your itchy balls? No mangoes for you.
Super extra whipped cream
Red light rage out.
Pleasant Weather Driving Revenge [NSFW-ish]
I met the kid who beat me up almost every day for 2 years.
Refuse to listen to Security? Have fun missing the best day of the convention
Bother me with your guitar? Enjoy the pushups!
Don't text me back? I eat your cake.
It's like Springer, but better.
Accidental revenge on a VERY important man.
Neighbor kids kicked my cat and broke a couple ribs
Don't whine at the people giving you free beer!
Old Farts know how to work together for a common goal...
To the 14 yr old guy, your grounded don't back talk strangers
So Tired of Psychic Hotline Calling Every Day I turned the tables on her and flipped the script
Dishes
4 year late petty revenge
My gf licked my arm.....
Got to kick out a litigious Bitch.
Trust your internet friends too much over your real ones? I'll use mine to destroy you.
Advice Animals has a petty revenge
Mean girls shouldn't talk about things they don't know about
You talk crap about me? I raise my eyebrows at you.
Armpit burgers served fresh.
Oops, I upset my Brother's Routine
Threaten to shoot us up? Have fun losing service repeatedly.
Make me stay late? Karma!
Mess up my customers parking? Oh, now you want me to save your data?
You own the restaurant and demand that I tip you for terrible service? Let me introduce you to my little copper friend.
So, you thought you could take advantage of a friendly stoner?
To the guy that pushed past me to get on the train first and shouldered me in the face: Enjoy the foundation mark my nose left on your suit.
Don't piss your make-up artist off right before your wedding photoshoot
How my petty revenge went horribly wrong
Take that
Shut that damn dog up.
The Cat Won
How someone tried to steal credit from my groups work and how I just saved the day.
Break my heart? Don't get back your expensive bracelet.All in good fun(facebook)
Captain vs. the cocky kid.
Try to be "the first"? Get no recognition for it
Karma revenge strikes at 30,000 feet in the air
I spent 10 minutes this evening composing a post when my cat walked across the keyboard and
Call me fat? Have fun playing your video game, asshole.
Take my friend's ID? No worries, we'll drink in your bar anyway.
Hold it in, do a dance, that's the way to keep dry pants.
Ruin my art? No mug for you.
Don't think that just because you're in your car sitting 15' in front of me that I can't completely ruin your conversation.
Enjoy ballet class, brother!
One Bad Apple
Online Dating Impersonator caught
Bed Revenge
Do you smell that?
My first road rage
My former inconsiderate weed dealer gets his pennance
And that's how you get someone to quit bumming your tobacco.
Petty revenge on my weenie dog.
Douchebag Meets Mega Bitch
Simple revenge on a jerk from an old job.
Do not fuck with my Sims game.
Bullying the bully.
My cousins.
Team Fortress 2 revenge: Snipe me repeatedly with Huntsman? You probably shouldn't be hanging around that cliff, someone might airblast you off...
Take my Myki, miss your train.
Tailgater tricked into speed trap
Try to bully a discount out of me, get charged extra.
Make me nearly piss my pants? I'll let everybody know how bad your shit stinks.
Petty revenge, sunny side up
Revenge on the captain.
Daily Pre-Emptive Pettiness
The avenging ford
Cheat on a friend of a friend's mom? Lose custody.
Living well is the best revenge...
Bitch at walmart bitches at me asking for a price on cones and calls me a bitch
Reckless driver defeated
Don't tip me? Don't get laid.
You honk because I was nice, oh, I can be real nice!
Stolen phone revenge
Take that backseat driver!
Cousins are Evil
Verbally abuse me based on my appearance, get fined by the cops.
Petty train revenge
Don't Pause My Music
[Repost from /r/AskReddit about gymnast winning after being insulted](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/1k48oe/whats_the_rudest_or_meanest_thing_a_stranger_has/cbl9efv)
Wedding drama
Be a douche, you can't have your 20 minutes back.
You have NO IDEA how far I'll go to get my revenge
My father is a clever man
Talk down to me? I shall poop on your head.
Enjoy the slowest mile, Dickface
Get loud, I'll show you.
GF's B**** Housemate Revenge
Captain takes his coffee with piss.
Damn right it's a small town.
Can't speak English, prank on foreign speaking cashier.
Screw with my friend?
It's fun to get revenge at the YMCA.
Bathroom Reorganization
Dont talk on your cell in the toilet!
Take 2 handicapped spaces? You must be handicapped.
Put it where it is supposed to go, or go crazy.
Dorm revenge
Park in the handicapped spot without a tag? It'll earn you one.
Not going to show common road courtesy? I'll show you!
Oh, you wanted to break my heart?
Enjoy that
The Dead Rock The Vote.
Unintended urinal revenge.
My Veggie shake tastes too much like veggies.
Hey, I'm a cop bitch. Post #1
Not if I beat you to it.
Don't tip pizza guy? Cold pizza it is.
You dropped this.
Guy gives me a hard time AND lies to my face...
Keep texing the wrong number? I'll show you.
Name tag revenge
"Never call this number again!"
Tailgate me? Guess you're not going anywhere fast
Boss won't come into the office? Sends vague emails about what I should be doing. You're office is going to smell like farts when you get back.
He ain't here, he's dead...
Asshole Dog; Asshole Owner
Do not call me before 7 am, douche.
The dangers of Dihydrogen Monoxide
You dare sexually starve me?!
Oh, I didn't dust? Good luck finding your van keys.
Wrong number four times in a row? You can't hit "redial" and get someone else...
My Annoying Younger Cousin
Annoy me, Irritate you.
Don't fuck with my best friend.
Don't mess with my sudoku puzzles.
Somebody stole my drought-resistant plants today...help me with a witty sign to put up in their place
High School Bully
Neighbor yelled at me and my son for picking blackberries on the sidewalk... don't do that.
I gave a co-worker credit for a design she hated.
Cute girl in short shorts darted out in front of my car when I had the green light, but I got my revenge...
You should probably learn your passwords.
Bedroom wash
A girl I used to like who rejected me has been gaining weightGood luck getting a job.
Ruin my yawn? You forget who you're married to?
So you like to scream obscenities to your family while your little daughter is there? Guess the water outage gets to be a surprise.
Wont stop rubbing your giant sweaty man boobs on me? Fine. I hope you eat a fist.
It's a pool...
Lie about something I didn't do? Enjoy being a "potty mouth".
If you want your cheap beer, please don't call me sweetie or any of your stupid pet names.
Call me dumb because I don't recognize who you are immediately? Whoops, I may have charged you a little too much.
Pregnancy Doesn't give you an excuse to be the biggest asshole on the plane.
Be rude and treat us like 6 year olds? Hope you like whip cream
You took 5 minutes out of my day, so I will pretend you don't have a middle name.
Cleaning lady tried to steal a bunch of collectibles in a hotel.
Oh you wanted your bloody mary extra spicy?
Enjoy paperwork, bitch
Rude to me and my coworkers? No 10% off coupon for you!
I can't go to lunch at 12:30? You sure about that?
Certainly Sir, I'll help you look for your keys...........doubt you'll find them, I hid them pretty well.
Break my baby? I'LL DESTROY YOURS.
Make my job harder? I'll make your job even harder asswipe.
We all scream for ice cream
Sleep around behind my back? Get all of your data on as many discs as possible, bitch.
My First World Petty Revenge Problem
How to revenge...
Oh, you're working on your tap dancing? ...Nope.
No caffeine for you, rude woman!
You never trade shifts with me when I need it, so enjoy your half a concert.
Karma on a college roommate
Make me pay for my own gift? Silent Treatment.
College roommate wanted me out; Ok, you win
Constantly try to steal my clients? you picked the wrong guy....
Revenge via flagger
Holier than thou eco freak revenge.
Just confirmed my friend is reading my posts despite her denying it. Here's my revenge idea.
Thrift shop learns a lesson
Enjoy that hangover, lobster thief!
Call me a useless peon? I won't help your child then!
Go off on me? No Problem, Do all the paper work.
Deposit your body secretions on me and laugh? Here, have one of these candies.
You want to tailgate me? I've got something for you...
What is the best/simple way to get back at someone just by using their cell phone # anonymously?
Act like a primadonna? Fine, I'll just cut your head off
My dad taught me how to deal with people that steal your parking spot
A little Petty Revenge before bedtime is a surefire cure for insomnia
14 year old me was pretty petty.
Don't moon me!
Petty revenge against my father
I really am a terrible person.
Make a snide comment and act superior? Prepare to get owned in front of the whole store...
Waiter's Sweet Revenge
revenge against frat douche
You disrespect my friend and expect me to help you?
Airport parking revenge
Cross country petty
My sister's triumphant revenge
Customer service sucks. Revenge in the form of pity.
Salty drink story.
My favorite petty revenge.
"Faggot"? Really?
Revenge on Roommate
Soaking wet anti-revenge
I kept a rechargeable battery my brother threw at me and forgot about so now he can't play Xbox
Dumb rich lady gets what she deserves unexpectedly.
Meatball Madness
Sorry, was I in your way?
Tom's petty revenge.
New roommate may get a little wet
I spent years rolling over, letting my roommate have his way. Now, he's finally going to get what's coming to him.
Don't fuck with MY little sister
I need to stop living with shit people.
Rude old lady revenge
That will teach you to take my job.
Act like a spoiled princess, and I'll make sure you look like one.
Help! A buddy needs suggestions on getting his own petty revenge.
Ultimate petty revenge after four hours wait...
Won't slow down, see how you like it!
I don't mean to be a badass, it just comes naturally.
Enjoy shitting yourself
This Guy Stole A Woman's iPhone But Didn't Disable Dropbox — So She Turned His Terrible Photos Into A Tumblr
Frostie the Snowman
Petty Revenge against a Puppy
You're just gonna rip my phone from my hand bitch? Models and shit.
Don't like changing the empty milk bag? Petty revenge, admit one!
When I was 13 I told a lady to eat me
When I encounter rude customers at work.
They have all, I don't want anything
Budging in Line?
Don't tailgate me when I have nowhere to be.
Steal my noise-maker?! You shall pay with my vengeance: more noise
Block my view at a concert, enjoy a bottle to the head!
Petty parking
Guy leaves share house without cleaning up his stuff. Finds a nasty surprise.
This is the most satisfying scene in movie history!
How I Had Quality Assurance Investigated for Sexual Harassment
It's just not a good idea to piss off people around you at concerts.
Petty and pretty?
Grocery store deli passive aggressive revenge.
Leave my boat in a mess? I use your cup to clean it.
test
Stupid Girl at a Concert
Be racist and transphobic? No candy for you!Be rude, get an inconvenient bag
Craigslist bully/lowballer left in the cold.
Drink my Red Bull and I'll drink your milk straight from the carton bitch!
Random Texter Bugging me.
Poopy revenge
Tenant from hell gets banished. Eventually.
Use my room as your dump? Time to lose your things
I tried to apologize, he brought this on himself.
Sleep tight, douche.
Enjoy your broken Snickers bar!
Taunt me all summer, I'll cover your walls.
Some extremely petty, vaguely nauseating revenge
The smell of revenge
Double revenge on a lady who didn't use her blinker
It makes me feel better!
Take my phone charger, I hope your phone dies.
Block my view, making me fall and playing victim? Enjoy the rest of your concert staring at the back of someone's head.
Revenge at work
Nearly run me off the road? Enjoy being late to work.
Fluffy Payback
Cause me stress and ruin my semester of school? Enjoy getting in trouble!!
My writing's too small? Well now you have to have it too large!
Eat lava, line-cutter
Don't mess with me, I will fuck you up.
She will likely never know, but it still brings me some catharsis.
Revenge on the lake.
Block my bike lane, get ticketed.
Don't lock your kid in the car on a hot day.
Two students try to reserve computers at the university
act like a 2 year old? get subliminally messaged that you're a 2 year old.
Jerkface parked their giant truck half in my space
You steal $80? I eat your chocolate.
You set your alarm too early everyday and hit snooze over and over? Go to work with no shower.
Vegan Revenge
Ignore your job? Enjoy the mold.
Revenge on mean housemates
Petty revenge was all over her face
Enjoy your shave
Bully gets on my nerves? Let the game begin!
Treat me like a servant? Enjoy your long car ride!
Sit at a light and make me wait 5 minutes? Listen to my loud dubstep for 5 minutes.
Hope you weren't planning on watching that
Dill: Now in Everything YOU Like
Selfish roommate gets a "taste" she deserves.
Made a bully mad by ignoring him
Auto dealer gets bitchslapped by Karma!
I finally have a story for this sub!
Drunk, Racist, and Angry? Well then.
Your laundry is done, and so is your revenge
Ruin my lunch date, I'll ruin your day
Rikishi's revenge
My brother takes revenge and scars me for life (sort of)
Inconsiderate neighbours
Abusive relationships suck!
Don't make fun of my music
Paranoid neighbors? Don't mind me, I'm just inviting the whole neighborhood via Craigslist
A sister's revenge
My roommate stole candy, Red Bull, small amounts of cash from me, woke me up in the middle of the night after coming home drunk and told me to sleep outside on the couch so he could have sexual intercourse with his girlfriend in privacy. I wasted his time in a creative way.
Don't burn my sandwich!
Rude to your mother? I'll treat you like crap too. [FRIEND'S STORY]
Revenge on a impatient driver
Have a Stinky Ass, Dickheads
County fair petty revenges
Made me feel better...
At the Impound Lot
Don't turn off the internet when I said I'll be down soon, Mother.
Juvenile Revenge
Naval Ship petty revenge
Rush me and You'll Just Wait Longer
Can petty revenge include hypocrites screwed over by the world? My parents: the fiscal conservatives.
I got a lady's Mercedes towed today because she was parked in a pizza delivery driver's spot for over two hours
"Yeah, I think we're legit enemies forever, now."
The public transport DJ
Asshole takes a dump in the toilet and doesn't flush
Unintentional, yet satisfying
Cross post from Advice Animals
Love Thy Neighbor
Hey reddit I need your help on getting some petty revenge.
Talk shit, I'll ground you.
Rude vacationers overhead
Get the fuck off my grill, ants
Quick one from an auto shop.
Say I'm not a man? I'll put you in your place.
Not all neighbors are Mr. Rogers
Don't be rude to the GSA who controls when you access your hotel room
If it isn't your spot, don't park in it!
Thread on Ask Reddit "What was the biggest verbal bitchslap you ever gave someone in an argument/conversation? (NSFW)"
Get snarky with me? Enjoy your broken computer!
I lost my job, but it was tottally worth it.
Literal burn.
How's that for an expensive drink?
No Emergency Lane Shortcut for You
Like to cheat? Call it already.
Earphones next time, bud (NSFW text)
As low as I can go
Hit me with a soap-ball, turn green.
But I was AGREEING with you!
I'll just leave you hanging....
Redditgifts petty revenge
Look at my dick, get denied warcraft time with your girlfriend.Bought a rubber dingy that broke quickly, petty revenge is implemented.
I hope you don't need to use this printer any time in the next hour
Decide not to stick to our agreement? You get to pay for my dinner and walk home!
Here's your change..
Rude shopping cart lady, here is to your extra trips.
Honking at me when you could've easily gone around? Not the best thing to do to an experienced driver..
Be EXTREMELY loud in the computer lab? Maybe you shouldn't forget to log off...
Mess me around, I'll use your competitor.
Yeah, they put that elevator there just for you!
Gas Station Revenge on a Self-Entitled Man
Neighbour wars - winter edition.
Scream at me, get a $250 fine.
“No way! It was her mistake, not mine! It’s my $20!”
If you're a bad waiter then good luck cleaning up a huge mess
Uphill climb (big man in a truck vs. a bigger truck)
Throwing wet paper towels at someone as a joke when the unexpected happened...
Rude tourist family wastes 600+ dollars at amusement park
Try to do the "Microsoft Technical Support" scam on somebody that repairs computers for a living?
Be a douche, act like a self-righteous asshole and insult me? Get fucked.
Take advantage of my good nature? Lose the good toiletries.
Don't wait for my parking spot.
Make me do stuff for your? Enjoy your puke
Subtle Petty Revenge Against False Friendship
Park in a disabled space... feel the wrath of a granddad with a wife in a walker.
Make my year hell and stick me for the cable box? Fine, I'll take your whole damn deposit.
Are you already following the life of Hafid, the phone thief?
First class traveler calls all people in my area "Trash"
[UPDATE] No Baked Goods For You!
Rude mercedes driver on dedicated bike lane.
Unmedicated Pie Revenge
NO "AND THEN"!
Revenge on a tattle-tale using chemistry
Gym goddess learns how to use a bike
Almost push me onto the tracks? Be 15 minutes late
Bitches lose their drugs because I kept saying no and they didn't stop.
Break my friend's heart? Let me teach you about female reproduction.
Don't yell at me for following policy.
H2 Hummer Driver Insta-Karma
Broken IPod
The Cold Call; or How I Used Silence To Drive A Grown Man Crazy
Block my way, lose a shoe.
DB from kijiji - gimme some ideas
So petty, it didn't even matter.
Revenge at indoor soccer.
Kinda Positive Petty Revenge
Bully steals my lunch? Bully get hoisted with his own petard!
I will not deliver your mail today.
Petty revenge on inconsiderate friend
Smell you twice, shame on you.
Moocher taste my BALLsy revenge
Be A Douche to Me and Everyone Else? Enjoy Your Punishment.
Have a happy period
Bar queue revenge.
You can't stand me with a white girlfriend? Fuck your Punjabi Bullshit
my petty revenge on pettyrevengers
I won't stand for self-important people.
Moving violation
I quit smoking, but I smoked my last cigarette last night to get revenge on an ultimate ass-gawker.
Only our department can't have a coffee pot? I don't think so.
It took me 5 long years but finally made her pay for all the things I lost .
Don't git mad on the river!
Scumbag loses most of his friends and a job opportunity. Revenge is sweet.
Petty and immature, but a satisfying result. Well worth it.
I have shut up about Gangham Style!
Don't do the washing up? Don't worry you won't have anything to wash up.
Scary feelings.
The Petty Mall
How I got my crew to stop stealing my emergency cancer sticks.
When I move out, I don't want my mother to have any pictures of me.
My gas, my time, my ears, my lighter! (It's long (and yes that's what she said))
Revenge on a bus driver who didn't stop
Double parked mudster
Won't get out of the walkway because you "Just want to stand here"? Hope you like your shoes being stepped on.
Smells like sour milk
"Thats what you get!"
Rather petty driving revenge
Senior Prank Revenge
You don't help me out after I help you keep your job? I'll make you lose it!
Tidbit from Junior High School...
Thanks to you, my feet have never been happier.
Sometimes petty revenge hurts you too. But it's worth it.
Hot, sweaty taco lady earns visit from health department.
Help a girl out! Some sweet text message revenge. [X-post myevilplan]
Eat the brownies that I was saving for my staff? I'll make you eat my rancid pie.
Directional Parking Lots Revisited
She needs to stop leaving me those voicemails...
Cutting in Line? You'll Just Have to Wait
The entire high school class's petty revenge (bit long)
Employer refuses to change workvans bald tires
Supervisor is a dick!
They're called "people movers" for a reason!
petty pencil revenge.
Scratch me, and get your drink ruined.
Grow a pair if you've got a problem
Make an example out of me? Let me help with that! (long)
Steal a bag of beef jerky? That's your lunch, then
My GF's McDonalds story.
Jaywalkers don't get Starbucks
Bloody bathroom revenge
Stalk me? Watch me screw you over!Boy racer with large exhaust in country lane almost knocks me off my bike.
Shoplifter gets whats coming
Skip out on rent, enjoy lifting wet boxes.
Forget your cable appointment? Ill eat your last Popsicle.
Blast music with obscenities in public? Enjoy your shitty new music selection.
Lost in a Supermarket
my very short stories in petty revenge
scalped
Vending machine steals my money. I decide there will be no more victims.
kid has to learn not to stare
Haha, now you have to use your keys.
Reddit's petty revenge
My Petty Revenge as a McDonald's Employee
Nobody drinks my beer and gets away with it...
Take forever at the checkout? Not on my watch
i have to drop everything to let you in 5 times a day, you get soaked
Please don't be difficult about what car you're taking
Leave me a month before our anniversary? There goes your presents
Enjoy your freshly nut-sacked pipe!
Getting back at dad.
You think I'm your butler? Have fun sleeping in the hall.
Have fun removing all of the cement blocks that are blocking your car.
Takin' out the trash
Roommate just can't debate
Out of nowhere, we descend.
[X-Post from /r/TalesfromRetail]
Positive frustration
Knock over safety Cones? Get scared.
Next time, don't try to block me asshole
Guy Abused my Summer Job, I Abused his Music Collection
My petty revenge as a child
Hey Jack, you should stop him
Short petty revenge involving pee.
Let's see if you get the point.
Seagull gets revenge on middle school jerk.
Try to get me fired? How about I get YOU fired bitch.
Model revenge
Don't send your S.O. pictures of you cheating
See how you like being fb blocked, sucker!!
Inconsiderate driver learns lesson in car parking.
Going to be a crazy upstairs neighbour? I have some nice petty revenge coming your way!
Make fun of me? Your hand will be uncomfortable for the rest of the semster
Petty revenge on my landlord.
sometimes sticking to your guns works out in the end
Man writes "Screwed by the Town of Cary" in neon paint on his house
Watch where you put your fingers!
You're not cutting back on smoking, you're cutting back on paying.
Be an Asshole, Enjoy Your Fork Bomb
Stop stealing my goddamn parking spot!
College pettiness
Idiot on a roller coaster gets what's coming to him
Just because i provide a service, it does not make me your 'bro'.
Insult my good nature will you? Now you have terrible credit. Boom.
How can I troll the phone numbers of dodgy Zimbabwean politicians and bureaucrats?
Petty officer revenge part 2
Starched Eyeballs
Please don't pester the lifeguard or else I'll make you wait.
Businessman think he's too good for the rest of us
Fuck With My Laptop And I'll Fuck With Your Hair, Bitch.
Roommate and husband get drunk and start fighting, I steal their skittles.
Interrupt My Training Session? Lose Your Ball.
I was the recipient of petty revenge and it was hilarious
Make me stay late at work? Hope you didn't want that sweater back!
Don't even let me finish greeting you, eh?
"But I don't HAVE the money to pay for these!"
Two-parter boarding house revenge
A Revenge That Was 9 Years In The Making.
Cut me off, suck me off. Dick.
Schedules are extremely important to you? Me, too!
Ski Lift Line Revenge
Cheat on me and stick me with the bill? I don't think so.
He ended up having a miserable three weeks
Enjoy your coffee.
You use my eyeshadow? Have two pink eyes.
Simple, immediate, and deliciously petty
Strand me in the middle of the night? Get seriously cock-blocked.
You rent me a crappy bike? Prepare for pettyness
Are you seriously going to give me a fine because my wooden shed is the color of wood?
I didn't lay a finger on your butterfinger
Petty revenge all around the sandwich shop!
Petty revenge on my roomates.
Don't call me that.
I'll put my trash out whenever I please!
petty officer revenge
Open my package for me, hmm?
Park too close to me?
Oh honey, just some friendly advice? Stop being a judgemental asshole.
Don't get on my ass and then proceed to tailgate others.
My Older Brother is Anything but the Alpha
Post signs everywhere after I make a simple mistake? Enjoy your morning shave
Smokers: check your mirrors first
Oh, whoops, did you get locked out?
If you make me miss two lights, don't get mad at me when I make you miss your turn.
Petty revenge isn't supposed to be nice
Cooking at 5:30 am? Fine I'll make you late to work
Revenge on newspaper stealing neighbors
Oh, you can't get your car alarm to stop going off at all hours of the night? Let me help you.
Petty Revenge on a Real Pussy
Ok, yeah, we'll clear the house.
Salmon surprise!"Sorry, I got here first."
Defusing False Claims of Racism
A guy was driving behind me with his high beams on...
Happy ending after revenge. (Not that kind of happy ending)
Scam artist, oh really tough guy?
Don't drink my Coke!
I don't pick what country grows these cherries!
Douchette security follows me every time
My yard is not your dog's toilet.
Quick wit to the checkout bitch
Lie to me about there being stairs, and you'll be climbing them
Cut me off??!!
I don't have what you have, but I don't want it, too
So you know it all, huh?
"You're a douchebag and your children will grow up to be nothing but douchebags"
I work in this building, but not as the doorman.
Poopy revenge
Did you *really* just eat my chili?
[META] Okay, guys, getting someone FIRED is NOT petty.
My pan, not yours!
My pan, not yours!
If you don't enjoy my company, don't invite me to do things.
Turn off your high beams
Say thank you when I open the door for you.
I'm a bitch to my bitch.
Secretly correcting your spelling.
Don't park in my driveway (2 incidents)
Better watch out when you're backing out of the garage.
Yell at me?! Let me mess with your perfect blinds.
Douche Ex Loses His Pet
Too lazy to get it yourself? Have a ripped one
Fuck your floormat
Refuse to work and take out rotten pumpkins? I make it so you are forced to.
Try to put me off MY breakfast?
Double Petty Revenge - Apple Dealer Owner's Daughter gets owned in front of customers, Son gets owned in front of the dad...
A crack can make all the difference
Enjoy your soda, bitch.
Have fun with that.
Cut in front of me in line? I choose your drink.
Taco Time take away
This is why you shouldn't ignore your employees.
Rude old biddy rendered speachless
Bully Me, Fail Art Class.
Don't talk shit to me
Sneaky neighbor puts up a fence on new homeowner's property.
I deliver pizza, and I finally got revenge on an asshole.
Try to save you money and you give me flack? Unleash my pettiness.
Separate types of OJ? No way.
Enforcing pedestrian right of way
Weeaboo Justice, part 2
Jerk cuts me off and then drives very slowly, jerk later falls into my clutches!
Inspired by tmtreat, my "Get off my yard you dang kids" story.
My boss's petty revenge
I always remember who is on my shit list
I dunno if I was out of line here. Felt awesome nonetheless.
Hey, Mr. Jackass! Take this!
former employer sent a voided check
Well if you're going to be a dick about it...
Try getting THAT out of your carpet
getting back at a previous landlord
It was so satisfying
Revenge on a bitchy "aunt"
STUPID bitch walrus lady gonna honk at me?! IT'S ON!!!!
Two best friends have their friendship ruined because one of them kept blaming me for the other being attracted to me.
Deflating one tire is never enough, always deflate 2 to fuck up someone's day
The ultimate party pooper
Honk at me? Oh no you didn't
Pass your work on to me to be early for lunch? I'll make you late for lunch.
So the cat thinks my leg is a toy.
Accidental revenge
If you tailgate me don't be surprised when I try to teach you a lesson
Rural Revenge
I'll just take my full break this time.
Push in front of a bona-fide old lady? Sorry about the missing nail varnish...
Non-paying client revenge/reveal
Shower Revenge
Petty Revenge for being Rude
Threw smug coworker under the bus.
Fucking coworker
Bully My Buddy Who Knows Jiu Jitsu? Welcome to the Real World, Daniel
Double Petty Revenge, starring Duct Tape.
Marching Band revenge
My long-standing petty revenge
Steal from another team? Now you can't swim.
A bus driver's revenge....
This girl didn't want to go out with me
Oh, really, you've been doing everything? I hadn't noticed!
Insanely Petty Revenge on Office Idiot.
Air's too much for him to handle
My revenge on Beslubbering Milk-Livered Ratsbane customers at a movie theatre
Don't screw with my independence day
As a Valet Driver
Fuck your group messages
18 months and petty revenge is still going strong.
Take that, grandma.
She called me a bitch! In my own home, no less!
(extremely) Petty revenge against my petty sister.
A bus driver's revenge on a fare scofflaw
You don't want to merge nicely? Then you can wait!
Don't get me a milkshake? You don't get iced coffee.so, What's that?
Argue with me and get your food last!
Just sit the fuck down.
Take THAT, MIL- revenge via unwitting family pet
Fuck with my friend, and you get expelled
I apologize that this is not at all petty. Rapist breaks policemans neck, dies of aids.
Help this guy get back at his ex?
Piss me off? Get your icetea replaced with water.
Need Help For Revenge
Do the Dew
Obnoxious campers shit themselves in fear.
I don't know if this story is worthy of this subreddit. I wouldn't necessarily say that what i did was petty, but it was revenge. This story is true, and the descriptions are purposely hyperbolic to attenuate the comedic side of it. The story of a model chick i dated....
Petty Revenge at the Gas station
Fuck with me, get cancer.
My police officer aunt gets her food tampered with because of the mere fact that she is a police officer. Revenge ensues.
Actually, I earn 15X more than you and have a MUCH better job
Insult my brother huh?
Enjoy your empty pond, asshat
Yell at me in front of my regional manager and no gift card for you
I had a nice little shopping trip..
I just had to.
Douche Asshat finds revenge can petty at the DMV.
You didn't give it to me me actually...
Fuck you and fuck your knives
Tell me I am lazy at work? I'll get your wife to agree you're an idiot.
Rip me off, huh?
A little shit in a Spooky Alley [long]
Be A Dick To Me, I Wont Help When I Know A Solution
Cut me off and your phone will pay
A story about how an entire island got revenge on two guys harassing a girl with downs syndrome
Trash talk me at work and then have the balls to see if I have headache meds? Enjoy your hangover buddy. ..
Ruin a concert, get a wet, freezing ass
Enjoy my trash and lose some cash.
My dad's wonderful revenge on an incompetent driver. Cut us off, then flip us off? Have everything about you written down and think you're gonna be turned in.
Gok Wan unknowingly helped me get revenge on a co-worker.
Douchey "teacher" gets his car worked on
McDonalds Employee gets revenge
petty revenge: hangover poo edition.
"Drop your shit and get out of here"
Throw water over me? Enjoy breaking your tooth
I'm rubber, you're glue. Whatever you say bounces off of me and punches you in the face
Don't drive in the shoulder.
Want to take all the tips, force me to do most of the work, then bitch how you're doing everything? I'll inconvenience you with silverware!
Making noise in the movie theatre? Enjoy my petty revenge!
It's the Little Things!
Tailgate me? Enjoy waiting an extra thirty seconds.
Probably not P-R worthy, but I just typed this up as a reply to the "shitty animal abusing neighbors" thread before it was removed. Too long to let it go to waste.
Bitch Ruined my Essay Grade? You are Going DOWN!
taxi revenge
Waiter refuses to give us an extra table
Mother nature rejects your littering!
Do not trifle with me when I am hungry.
Smug fast casual employees get their dues
Fuck shitty animal abusing neighbors
Dis the flag and I Dis your business
I can drive like an asshole too
Piss me off in Dota 2? Prepare to be mildly annoyed.
Ride my bumper flashing your lights Taxi man?
3 hour lunch breaks for a juicehead mortgage broker...
Mess with my movie experience? Get shut down.
Playing Chicken in a Forklift
Get angry at my campers for having special needs…enjoy an uncomfortable shower
How I ended the prank war
Revenge at the county clerk
No baked goods for you!
No for you!
Accuse me of stealing your adapter? Fine. Have a broken one.
Fire our co-worker buddy? You'll regret it...
Don't Poke My Bum With Your Wood
Message my ex on my Facebook account? I'll fight fire with fire.
Wait Your Turn, Please
Accuse me of stealing your adapter? Fine. Have my broken one.
Revenge for keeping me up with your loud partying.
I buy you dinner and you flip out when I accidentally use your shampoo?
Now all my data is going to be read and stored I find it is most satisfying to be as long winded as possible in everything I write.
I'm sorry I added to your road rage...nahhh.
No, YOU wait.
Car ride revenge
Catering Revenge
Guy chews me out, then has to issue an apology (kinda long)
Cut in front of me old lady? Feel my wrath!
Berate me at work? Take that bitch!!
If you can pay for the car you can pay for the ticket.
Women can't pump gas? Let's see you try, then
Let me add to your road rage
Who Framed Big Brother?
Revenge on a Cowboy Coder.
Bus pettyrevenge with a Stranger
Sorry your burrito isn't picture perfect...
Its a 'mobile' phone
Mcdonalds Basketball revenge.
So you have the balls to return
Petty revenge on rude and annoying children at a soccer camp
Fuck you, your girlfriend, and Elmo.
The Satanic Temple Performs Same-Sex Ceremony At Westboro Baptist Church Leaders Family Gravesite
Ruin my solo? I'll ruin your rating
So sorry I tried to help out with the dishes!
All I needed was to drop concealer.
Cranky toward me at work? End of the line with you.
My first petty revenge on my future fiancee. Moral? Don't touch my radio.Drink my water? Get screwed in 6 weeks time.
Don't be a prick to me or my girls
Want my Parking Space? Sure Follow me!
Petty Revenge at the Gas Pump
Throw me under the bus will you? Check stand 7 is open
Petty revenge of a fly
FUCK ALL SHITTY PARENTS AND CHILDREN
"Customer Service"
Jump the line in front of me? Enjoy your shower!
Fine, Get Lost
Annoying obese kid learned not to mess with staff.
Crowd me in line? Enjoy the tune!
Wear your seatbelt
The great Hello Kitty Wall
Annoying newly vegan friend revenge
Ruin our game, will you?
IRL karma is a bitch.
My neighbors hate each other
[My neighbors hate each other](http://www.reddit.com/r/ProRevenge/comments/1iguip/my_neighbors_hate_each_other)
Lying about heart problems?
A Servers Petty Revenge on my Brat Teenage Sister
Never Hit a Man in His Pride and Joy
Invade our campground?
Picky customer won't get off her cell phone
Please don't self-serve.
"Hey, you don't hit girls!"
Happy Independence Day Indeed.
Driving the Wrong Way in the Walmart Parking Lot
A store owner just made my 10 year old brother cry.
No extras for you.
You want to be rude and nasty? I hope you speak spanish
In where I get to tell off a cocky pre-college freshman
Petty revenge on an inconsiderate customer
His finger is still fucked up.
Your wife acting crazy? How about you redo your 200 page proposal?
By any other name
The mosh pit tickler
I hope you like foam
Instant karma for the rude lady at the gas station
Old coffee slinger gets hers.
My revenge hurt me, but felt too good.
Have you heard the one about the lawyer?
Walmart Parking Lot
Traffic in LA
Not revenge, but stupidity and gravity will get you (and your pizza) every single time.
A customer pulled the "Do you know who I am?" among other insults so I made her life a little more difficult for her husband.
Oh, you missed the train? Maybe you should have moved faster (or at all) when I said "excuse me."
Don't Call Me a Retard and Expect Honey &amp; Oats on Your Bread.
"Just Change"
Petty Revenge to a co-worker gone bad.
When it's too hard for people to be polite
Petty revenge at work.
Gesturing while I take your order? Lemme drop your debit card underneath your car in our enclosed drive-thru...
Petty tit for tat.
Me: "Give Me all my money, Im switching bank" Bank: "THAT WILL TAKE HOURS"
Oh, that hole was too small? Have a smaller one.
Satisfying petty revenge on an obnoxious front row concert goer.
Don't steal a betrayed 15 year old's baked goods.
Enjoy your tip!
Revenge against an art-stealer.
Happy Birthday to You...
I hope your email servers choke!
Realized the circuit breaker is in my room.
Petty Revenge gone wrong
Why couldn't he get his own lube? (NSFW)
its my cakeday, and it really couldnt be much sweeter
Oh you're in a hurry? Let me take forever on your return.
I hate it when people forget their manners
night is for sleep day is for work (update)
Not exactly 'revenge' because I wasn't trying, but instant karma to be sure.
Restaurant Revenge
Karmic petty revenge
Get me dirty? Move the bags of concrete by yourself.
Make me walk to the train station, say goodbye to your helmet!
How many hail marys for this one?
The first time I ever got back at my bullies.
Be rude to me, and I will force you to be polite.
Rude customer can't think for herself.
Hope you don't expect to sleep in!
Chicken served with petty.
Bakery minion bitches at an outranking officer and reaps her rewards
Enjoy your watered down cat food
roommate agreement under false pretenses, got taken advantage of, but come out on top in the end.
Revenge is a dish best served from the right.
You never know who you might cut off in traffic.
Mess with myself or my friends and i will ruin your reputation...from r/prorevenge
Have Fun Drinking Your Lemonade
Let them cuddle!
Disgusting assholes get taught hygiene
[X-POST from TalesFromTechSupport] The Only Acceptable Use of 'I don't feel like it.'
Stealing my software? I hope you aren't easily offended...
Meh...not the best...but it's petty
I hope you like your chicken extra dry, bitch!
The Friend of my Friend is my Enemy
Pop pop, motherfucker!
I was told to drop this here (x-post from Talesfromretail)
Petty sales revenge
Petty Revenge: Childhood Edition.
I hope you enjoy your coffee.
Elevator EtiquetteCut me off? Your feet will pay!
Just a small revenge in a restaurant with a party of 15 and horrible little children, and worse adults.
Petty Revenge against my Step-Brother
Want to be with family, but don't act like family? Fine, we'll go the beach.
Being an ass? I'll turn your digital phone and internet service off.
Mother-in-law gets revenge on her jerk husband
I like my fridge running thanks.
I smoke your dope
[X-POST from TalesFromTechSupport] Just because its up, doesn't mean it will stay that way. Pay me.
Petty Revenge against school bully.
Playing Smash Bros Melee with Ex and her new Boyfriend, constantly pick Ice climbers.
An angry gang of teenagers want Bacardi [my x-post from /r/TalesFromRetail]
You shall not pass!
Why you shouldn't be a self-entitled bitch around high schoolers with no guilt.
Communication issues.
Business reply mail revenge help
Corporate revenge
Steal my gas pump, will you?
Tailgate me?
Heckle us all you want. We have more fans than you.
Shoulders aren't for driving on
Festival bathrooms suck enough as it is.
Sister is a huffy bitch, so I become an even safer driver
Stop breaking the fucking fence.
Kitty! I've got a treat for you!
A customer was rude...
Thank you 7-11, for being the instrument of my petty revenge
Jerk in middle school messed with my cup of tea, instant redemption.
So, ya like breakin' stuff, do ya?!?
Yeah I broke you sandal on purpose. Fuck you rude transit bitch
What's your best revenge story?
For all the clerks out there, this one is for you.
Grown man threatening a teen? Enjoy your destroyed groceries.
Someone cut me off while driving the other day...It still makes me smile
Bring a plunger and 2 gallons of bleach
i did something...vile to my boss. but **Extremely** satisfying.
Xpost from TalesFromRetail. I was told you guys would like "The first time I got back at a customer"
My SO kept laughing through a film I was really enjoying
Unpolite asshole gets what's coming to him
Drama queen, bitchy roommate has a bad day after pushing me to the limit
Where's my water bottle?
Order 2 Minutes before closing? Enjoy that Pizza!
Revenge Request: Possible to find the uploader of this video?
Talk on your cell, don't acknowledge me and hold up my line? You pay twice.
jerk makes fun of my clothes in elementary schoo
Minecraft Revenge
Fast food employee's revenge on me
Got an opinion? Enjoy your boycott
Don't leave advertising fliers at my door!
Tailgate me as I try to pass another car.
Well you gotta work somewhere...
Highway Revenge
No TV for you today...
A kindergartener's revenge
Petty Revenge Gods granted me...a jar of Vicks.
GF's narcissistic mother gets a wake up call.
Annoying prostitute
Small revenge on narcissistic sister. (Long but good)
Petty water thief revenge
Little red sports car
Rude.
Pussy served.
Hope you enjoy your 7 new magazine subscriptions, dick.
Change thief finally leaves on own accord
So the driver cant make the order? Fine then...
Revenge on annoying child in a movie
Teaching a Data Hog a Lesson
No manners? No free drinks.
Mom gets Mcdowanalds for my brother without me when I was 8, I make her feel bad
NO CREAMY GOODNESS FOR YOU!!!
TL;DR READ IT, How bout a downvote instead?
Preemptive revenge planning ruins douchebag's hopes of stealing credit for work.
Revenge on a homophobic Grandma.
No offence
The Tale of PeePee Peter.
Spill My Dad's Soda? How Does 8-Year Old Fry Sauce Taste?
F me? F you!
Take that, low down dirty stealer.
After every petty argument I have with my brother
Energy Saving Backfires
Your majesty's sandwich
Phishy Glowstick Dick
You knew the terms of the drug war. Actions have consequences. You have made a huge mistake.
Think I'm annoying? Have some bad karma.
Steal my Work? Good luck failing!
Want to get somewhere faster by cutting line? Enjoy sitting in deadspot on road.
Got your picture!
Never piss off the piper
Unplug my computer? Have some Knife Party
Extra extra extra extra extra extra extra extra extra extra extra sauce. (xpost /r/4chan)
Extra extra extra extra sauce at Taco Bell (x-post from /r/4chan)
smelly brother smells something evil
Rent-A-Cop "Wigs" out over non-helmeted bicyclist
Throw your money at me, will you?!
Steal girlfriend's phone? Get house trashed.
Water Cup Revenge
We just want to give you the best possible service. (x-post from /r/TalesFromRetail)
Push me around? No iPhone for you.
Snap crackle POP.
Be A Douche? No lunch.Fine me now bitch.
"You need to be more responsible with your things!"
Rude Customer at Domino's
My mom is awesome
Thief got the tables turned on him
Revenge on a bitchy neighbor
7th Grade Revenge
Hey Derek. Guess what.
Suffer the consequences of my unsatisfied libido.
You want to play loud music at my house? Let's see how well that works out for you.
Asshole biker gets stuck between me and trailer, road rages his way into missing his exit
Get your own ice
Monday vs The Swaggermuffin
Your locker's taken? [Short, but oh so petty]
Annoying brother-in-law
My revenge was never discover yet it still gave me such satisfaction.
Have a shitty day (dog story).
Taffy picker-outer, prepare for counter-jackassery.
Phone Pettyquette
FREE CATFISH
Don't need help? You will in a minute...
One order of classic petty revenge.
Best phone call
It's symbolic of course
Don't know if this counts, but I thought it was funny
The day my co-worker tricked my manager into punching a 12 year old in the face (x-post from /r/talesfromretail)
I hope I made your ears bleed, bitch.
The back of my seat is not a support bar
Jerk Gets His Comeuppance
Asswipe on a Plane
My dog's petty revenge
Grandmother also gets back at idiot dog owner.
The BGD &amp; the Coffee Code
Enjoyed myself some 4th of July Petty Revenge
The Fluffy Avenger
My coat hanger is mine, thank you very much
Dad gets back at idiot dog owner
Revenge on a Panic-Prone Manager
I mean, it IS called petty revenge, right?
I'm a cripple who hates getting left on hold when calling businesses...
All My Indifference Are Belong to You. Part II The attempted revenge of Mrs Jones.
Use all the big pieces? Not for long you won't.
Throw snowballs at me? Use front tires to cover you in icy dirt and mud.
I have no idea what I'm doing.
Need help for ideas on my 25 yr old sister who uses my deodorant, razors, and toothbrush.
Going to be a bitch for no reason? Fuck your drink.
How a Klepto got pink eye
Keep us up late? Well you get to wake up early.
Don't be vulgar in front of kids.
Don't Mess With a Man's Grill!
Grope and steal my cousin's panties? Have fun being stuck in the tree!
Try and get rid of our dogs? Enjoy your shit.
Clog my toilet? Have fun getting to work with no keys.
Try to nut-shot me,kill me, steal a photo from me and be a douche to me?Enjoy moving.
Never, EVER, mess with a boys dog.
I'll never find another job in the city if you let me go? Challenge accepted
I hated green duck shit on my course when I was a lad
Revenge on a Teacher
Almost hit me with your car? I'll pretend to damage it
Petty little revenge I got off the bitch from elementary school.
Your condishun?!?!
The tale of the Entitled Princess, the Vengeful Wage Slave, and the Fake I.D. (Longish but worth it in abundance)
High school revenge on racist bullies
Spill soup? Become friend.
My mom gets back at my sister (lengthy, but I promise it's good)
Yearbook Revenge
Have fun getting your handbag out from under my ass
Some revenge on my racist landlord.
Have fun cleaning off your windshield.
You were a complete bitch to my fiancé? Here, have fun puking!
"Can you prove it's yours'?
Homecoming
What if I don't want to worship you?
Lord of the (dead) Flies.
Freeway Friends
Enjoy Your Magazines
The case of the tardy elevator.
Tailgaters beware!
Happy Thanksgiving, (again and again and again)!
Turnstiles of revenge
Revenge of the Krispy Kremes.
Steal my fries? Well I don't mind...
So you want my McDonald's, bitch?
TO THE GUY WHO GOT CALLED FROM MICROSOFT AND HE HAD THEM ON THE PHONE FOR LIKE HALF AND HOUR HOUR, THEY CALLED ME TOO
At my first job out of college and I was sexually harassed by the salesman and customer service rep for being a lesbian in an interracial relationship.
Call me an idiot? Cat facts for you!
Get snappy at me, I'll throw unnecessary procedures at you!
So my phone (and really my well being) were stolen in Spain. The phone is now active...
Fat monstrosity teaches her piglet the value of selfishness (xpost from r/fatpeoplestories)
Petty Revenge on my friend that fucked my sister.
Shitty sub filled with immature manchilds. Your shit is annoying and you are what is wrong with this entire country.
Ten Items or less does not mean thirty items or more
Possibly Petty Revenge for Being Accused of Sexual Harassment
Kill em with kindness
Road Rage Revenge
Leave My Stuff In My Room
Have fun finding your stuff back (LONG)
Into the inner life
Revenge backfires
Entitled Children (Rant)Steal the chair? Have fun sitting in it!
DONT TOUCH MY CAKE
Not a 'filthy casual skier' now, am I?
Make a shitty joke about my people? Fuck your karma.
Wake me up? I'll make you look unprofessional.
Make Me Walk? Fine, But You'll Get More Than You Asked For
Need help with some petty revenge.
My small acts of revenge on a primary school jerk
A Short Tale of Revenge...online style
Pound on the door? Smell my cucka.
Maybe you should rethink your actions.
Almost plow into me with your van? I will waste 5 seconds of your time.
Eat the hottest sauce at B Dubs? Enjoy the hour-long bathroom trip
Take my spot? Have a guilt trip.
Boss treats me like shit for years? He ain't getting no new fridge!
Why were you so rude, random person?
If you act like a bitch, people won't like you.
Cracked.com has compiled a list of "7 Legendary Acts of Petty Revenge"
Got some pretty petty revenge by telling the truth.
Made A Waiter Pay
You annoyed me the whole trip; and I got my sweet revenge~
To the bitch who destroyed my lego ship
Oh-so-petty Parking Revenge
Happy to do as you asked
The pettiest thing I have ever done
Petty comeback win
My neighbor keeps parking in front of my house
Underage &amp; micromanage a beer run favor? You get NOTHING, good day sir to you!
Be mean to me will you?
Leave me to clear up on my own? Get no cake..
Don't rush me when you're the asshole blocking traffic.
Be a jerk upstairs neighbor, get your car towed.
Cart Thief dick gets dicked
USPS - You waste my time. I'll waste yours.
The one time being a waitress worked out :)
Feel the need to have an opinion? Enjoy your boycott.
Thanks for the full tank
Tit for tat
Give me the finger? Cause a car accident.
Blue soda water? Dumbass...
Long, obfuscated, last minute contracts.
Have fun cleaning your car
Be a bitch in school? Not on my watch!
Friend kept on stealing alcohol. So we play a little game...
Swimming pool "king" gets his shower time ruined after pissing off a lot of other people.
Canada day
Stranger Insulted Me
Ask me to buy cigarettes for you illegally, then rat me out to my manager? I'll do you one better
You hate your life and try to make everyone else miserable, I'll show you
Diet Pepsi
Personal Buffet Space
My brother was acting like a jerk before I left to buy us sandwiches from SubWay...
Flashing Brights
You won't put your seat back on my aeroplane bitch
Don't do your job? Don't expect any help from me!
Screw me on Friday? Screw you on Monday.
Act like an idiot, Get shit on.
To the guy who yelled at the speaker in the drive-through today
Neighbors party goers parking in my yard
Steal my tent? Eat ants.
night is for sleep, day is for work
Crawling in front of me? Well, I'll destroy your nostalgia
Making my douchebag coworker's life a tiny bit more difficult
Steal my parking space and ignore me? Miss your meeting.
Cut me off? Well fuck you then!
Express Bus Revenge
Sick of you using all the bandwidth.
the much slowened road eager.
Scrambled Words
Acting annoyingly? No DS for you!
Park in my driveway, then blatantly ignore me when I show up? Enjoy not sleeping tonight!
The glorious war of sister rivalry, part 2.
Guy wasn't going to let me out of my driveway, I made him wait at the lights as punishment.
Make me track down your clothes, I take all your money.
Don't Eat My Yum-Yums.
Concerts are for Listening
Stop being an asshole on the bus, or I'll spoil final fantasy 7 for you.
Nice way to tell a lady she's being a bitch
No change for you!
Move it pig
Costco
Black Paint lasts Forever
If I'd been braver and had more time....
Bully sits on fork
Sieze the Petty Revenge When You Can, Don't Fail Like Me.
Noisy kid on bus. Spoilt his fun.
Man breaks into ex-girlfriend's house and sets her hamster free
Request: Tattletaling Neighbour
Good old camp revenge
McRevenge
Don't fuck around when I'm eating a good steak.
Revenge on annoying cashier
Bouncer rejects Legitimate ID
Bouncer rejects ligament ID.
Summer camp revenge
Make me wait? I'll make you wait too.
Justice was served! Thanks to the biker!
You think I'm stupid enough to fall for your scam? Part 2
If you have no respect for my time then I get yours taken away
Ohh, you're in a hurry? Well next time try NOT going to a busy store maybe.From speed demon to snail pace. How I pulled a slow one on a douchebag on the road.
Retail Gamestop Revenge
IS THIS WHAT YOU WANT?!
...And now your pie shall be naked.
The Arrogant Asshole
13-year-old brother gets shutdown.
I can't stand inconsiderate people.
Short, sweet, and petty.
How to Lose Tails and Enrage People
Revenge served Red
Do you even lift, bro?
Little brother interupts my reading with excessive yelling. I make him sit through commercials.
I want to share with you all my very first job interview over 10 years ago(x-post from /r/jobs)
My boyfriend came to bed late...
I thought of you r/pettyrevenge while I did it
Make snide remarks and be a whiny bitch all day...prepare to walk home
I work in a somewhat glorified call center. If you do this, I can't hear you.
Be rude to me? I won't offer you a bag in which to carry your items.
You think I'm stupid enough to fall for your scam? You have noooooo idea.
Don't whistle at me.
You'll like this ...
Make me feel like a worthless daughter?
Cat facts.
Mess with my lunch and I mess with yours.
Petty playing card revenge
“How dare you do this in front of your parents”?
Let's see how you manage all this work on your own!
If you act like a crotchety old man, expect to be treated like one.
Argue with me get less jelly on your sandwich.
Petty Revenge upon the Pious
I tell Mr. Awkward McInteruptingface what I think
Don't ever make fun of my sister
Nail salon revenge...
Pee in my front yard
Delayed revenge is like finding $20 in an old pair of pants
Annoy me... Well prepare for your Kratos makeover
The current state of my roommate's petty revenge/ retalliation.
Don't park like a dick!
Gamer decides to post his real address for all to see after being an obnoxious shit.
Yell at me for smoking, while I'm nowhere near anyone or any non-smoking zones? Don't park illegally.
Wanna Try And Steal Food? You'll End Up Watching Her Eat The Rest Of It
Don't buy supplies I need, get called out in front of company owner...
My brother is not one to mess with.
Socks to be him: The Most Impervious Man in the World
Bad drivers get to listen to violent pornography.
Prank call
Revenge is a dish best served cold
Petty revenge on my dog
Sweet Revenge
My (petty) revenge on a customer who did not empty his grocery hand basket...
Socks. How hard can it be?
Threaten me, then mumble insults? HAVE SOME PISS.
Advice needed for a lunch stealer
Petty revenge at bully kid
Old Lady Tries to Insult "Skinhead"
BJ...the Cat (not the activity)
You want to make bitchy comments? I'll shut you down.
Don't mess with a man's candy
Some old time revenge
Boss can't admit he can't speak English. I gave him a little English demo to piss him off.
Fear and Loathing in Wal-Mart
Turn off the lights!
Revenge on huffy bitchy roommate
Justice at the DMV.
Housemate
One of the best "Oh, Shit!" stories you've ever hear.
Try to stop me from putting my last load in ten minutes before the posted cutoff?
A revenge of Ice Cream
I get a high from overcharging customers
My Silent but Deadly Revenge
That piece of....
Don't want a FREE rewards card? I will assume you don't want to save money.
Video Store Revenge (xpost from Tales From Retail)
X-post from r/casualiama. My Mother found out my reddit username and is know for snooping. Ask me anything a mother would not want to know! (AMA)
Co-worker is a dick to everyone in the office. I made him think about what he is.
Inconsiderate driver has to wait for me, now.
Revenge on a horrible teacher
If you don't ask for change, I'm not going to give you change
Complain about my driving, when the problem is really you? I will waste both of our time.
don't ever mess with your (pregnant) hairdresser! ;)
Originally ousted Australian PM that was knifed by her deputy, waits patiently and knifes her in return several year later
Slovenly housemate and toilet based revenge
Nigerian Scammers
YSK that cashiers are required to ask you to sign up for the credit card.
Crosswalks are there for a reason
A challenge for /r/pettyrevenge. I have a scenario, what's the best possible revenge for this.
Dogs are easily distracted
Don't try to scam free shit out of me.
How I learned to never loan money to a friend
Summer Roomie Revenge
Revenge of Billy the (Put-Upon Lawn-Mowing) Kid
Think it through before you act like a douche to random people.
A bartender's revenge
4 spots, 1 car...featuring success and a kudos
Don't be a dick when you've just finished working with wet cement.
Be rude at my workplace. No savings for you!
Hey, listen!
Revenge on a bitchy customer.
Revenge on a very bitchy customer
Have fun cleaning without any supplies!Fast Food Revenge
Snooty Maitre d'
Revenge on asshole pedestrian
colleague gets what's coming to her...
Grocery store bitch get's what's hers.
Be rude and try to tell me how to do my job? You can pick up your own bags.
Cat revenge.
Enjoy that greasy burger...
Shit on my dreams? Allow me to shit on yours.
Always leaving your laundry in the machines...
RF interference is a bitch
Sure, I'll use your notebook!
My sister faces the brunt of vengeance once again
Tailgaters beware!
My acting experience comes in handy.
Loud neighbours having sex.
Bank surcharge revenge
Fuck this bitch
Sisterly revenge
Douchebag revenge.
I didn't even have to do anything!
Not all retail workers are idiots.
Revenge on Xenon Light Asshole!
Evil elementary school girl
Facebook petty revenge
EX sends her best friend after me? Enjoy embarrassment infront of your family. [NSFW language]
Who Cares if the Leafs Won?
Shockingly rude patient not a huge priority.
Petty Revenge on the International Scale
Smell my fart, Wells Fargo!
Here, read this on the bus to hell. (I was told I should x-post this from /r/talesfromyourserver)
Unintentional revenge on a rude customer
At the movies
Finally got sweet, hilarious revenge on a recurring thief.
Very Petty Revenge from a Gas Station Attendant
Don't Mess With My Milk
Teacher humiliates my prematurely born little brother in art class. Wrong kid to pick on.
Sometimes the pettiest revenge is the best
High school douchebag learns a lesson
Annoying admirer? Hope you like statistics
Revenge on horrible old bar customers.
So this revenge sort of took care of itself, I was merely a witness...
I got yelled at today for not being in the bike lane.
Scaring Obnoxious Little Girls!
Well played Mr. Snowden
My brother's tale of how he dealt with an annoying roommate called "ham"
Don't like metal? Enjoy listening to it for the next 10 days
Sweet revenge on the dirty house mates.
Delayed revenge on former boss
I have over 300 confirmed revenge plots.
No coupon for you!
Cut my solo short? Nah.
Are you a telemarketer calling my office? Let me inconvenience you.
Very petty but it makes me feel better
Petty breakup revenge..
Pull your own cart.
Older woman implied I was incompetent because of my age, I convinced her to wait in an aisle for 45 minutes before she left.
Revenge of the offspring.
Revenge on a not-so musically inclined sister
Bombard my phone with your vile "jokes" get your phone number plastered all over the internet.
Grade school karma
Asshole At Red Lobster Gets what He Deserves
In Which OP is accosted by a Racist Old Lady.
Some dander for your pillows?
You want militaristic Disney that is what you get.
Parking spot.
Asked my roommate to take out the trash. A week later I decide to help him out... by putting all the trash I front of his door
I'll play my girly games alright.
Country club patrons can suck, enjoy my modified stink palm
Some punk golfers took it upon themselves to try and hit balls over the net and into my driveway.
"Two in one year? What's wrong with you?"
Enjoy paying full price for gas!!
How I dropped trou to get back at my friend for pantsing me.
Anti-Semitic lunch stealer gets what's coming.
Funny, I don't see a sign that says that...
Take your paleo and shove it!
HS Biology teacher said me and my friend were gonna flunk because we were talking, so I got a 10 to spite her.
Skunk them up
Parking lot revenge
Now your marketing is wrong!
I super-glued his junk!
encouraged the ferrets to steal his shit
Prep school golfers learn not to hold up others.
Try to scam me? Good luck selling your classic car!
Nursery school parents seem to think that birthdays are for sending shit home with other people's kids. Ooh. Idea.
[META]Any comment asking OP to x-post the post will be removed and the user banned, PM op instead.
[META]Any comment asking the OP to x-post the post will be removed and the user banned, PM op instead.
I was stuffed, goddamn ramen noodles
Wreck my Sundays?
Drive off without me at 3.30am bus driver, I'll catch you and you can have all my change!
Hang up on me? Enjoy your call during dinner.
Mess with me and you will get your beloved socks stolen.
Show off? Prepare for my wrath
Don't take all of the mints
Bad customer service? Enjoy the ugliest coins as your payment.
Won't stop staring at me? Here's a laser in your eye.
If you're going to be douches to everyone you meet, have a photobomb.
Pip Pip and Cheerio
Mr Guidance Counselor, you gave me really bad advice and I'm not going to let you forget
You should probably quit smoking anyways.Don't hit my girlfriend....
You didn't want me on your team? Well, I beat your team...twice.
Slack off on assignments? Should learn to come to class!
Parking revenge
Boyfriend's dad plays video games literally all day and has been unemployed for 3 years
Want to steal my store's gasoline? Pay the consequences.
Steal my lunch? You're in for more than you expected.
It wasn't intentional, but it was a good addition
Drive like a maniac and try to smash my car? Enjoy your new paint job.
Bet you wish you were eating dinner
Hit me with your car, get in a fender bender
Moped Justice
Egg Thief is Turned Off Breakfast
Inadvertent Babysitting Revenge Against ex-SIL.
Make a bunch of phone calls while I'm trying to watch the NBA Finals? I got you...
Don't block the store entrance, or I'll get sassy with you.
You break my yo-yo; I get creative with a box cutter.
I can't spell your name either
Petty salty revenge.
She stole my candy bar. There was no choice..
Abuse my hospitality? Prepare for revenge.
An icepop? Sure.
Treat me like crap when I'm doing you a huge favour? Enjoy your pixelated poster!
Ultimate in petty taunting on battlefield? Die.
Fuck with me? Get put in rehab.
Revenge of the Brass.
Two Weeks into Summer, I'm Already Making Bombs!
Threaten to sue me over your adult movie rental charges at a hotel? Be prepared to pay.
Revenge on a hasty girl
Smelly cigarettes for you
Revenge on someone that stopped fast in front of me.
Somewhat shameful revenge on someone with a mental disability.
Don't believe me? Fine, get an automated door in the face.
Out like a light.
Format your title like this? Enjoy a downvote!
Enjoy that mild inconvenience next time you need to go to your locker.
[META] Violence is not petty.
This is what happens when you show up at a party acting like a belligerent asshole
Petty defense of an associate
Extremely petty revenge on a nasty 'friend'.
My younger sisters treat me like crap. Therefore, my solution: petty revenge!
Your sister scrubs my toilets
Be obnoxious and make a mess for me? Have some public (ish) embarrassment!
Ceramics class petty revenge.
Screw with a hotel employee? Enjoy unending wake-up calls.
Bully me in school? I'll get you in trouble for graffiti.
Let the Germs Crawl a little longer.
DO NOT GRAB MY JEWELRY.
Guy bullies me in summer camp (me 10 y/o); gets fucked up so hard.
Over charge loophole
My sweet petty revenge on a 9 year old.
I am one of 2 men in my small-ish office and the women here complain HARD when the toilet seat isn't put down.
So you like ruining my little cousins birthday?Hope you like a sore face...
Hate spam? Me, too
Get bitchy at me about flowers and i'll make you wait.
Over step your authority with pre-teen sisters? Be prepared to pay.
Bully me? I'm 5 years younger than you! Enjoy your elementary school embarrassment.
Please help me think of a good way to exact revenge.
[META] No. It does not need to be posted to /r/justiceporn
Dont kill kids asshat!
My school cares about the wrong things.
Brief but satisfying, rude greeting card store customer
Petty revenge at it's finest; high school edition
Revenge on teacher with superiority complex
World of Warcraft petty revenge
No Pens For You
Vandalize my brand new car? Bad idea.
Sleep with my roommate? I'll give your best friend hot shower sex
Think it's funny to trash my store? (Long)
Don't piss off the regulars....
Bully my cousin at her father's funeral? Eat gravel.
Apples of the the voluntolder...
Stole a Coffee mug from A Blenz Coffee because the barista made fun of me for asking whether I was allowed to bring the cup outside..
Natural conspiracies
My brother is lazy.
The minigolf story [x-post from r/ProRevenge]
The toothpaste story [x-post from r/ProRevenge]
Brother forces me off the TV while I'm on the last act of Bioshock Infinite, I get revenge by repeatedly changing the channel and turning off the box from my phone.
In a hurry? You can wait.
Gossip Girl Spoiler Revenge
If you SPAM me, put some effort into it.
You're Dark and You're Cold
Don't want to help out and contribute?
Enjoy the glitter.
Wake me from my afternoon nap? That's fine, enjoy yours.
Won't let me park in the driveway anymore or have any pets? No wi-fi for you !
Angry Mercedes Lady Has A Bad Time
It's suggested I post this here: I had a bad experience with train ticket inspectors once and this is my ongoing revenge
My dog woke me up at 4am to go to the bathroom...
You are, all of you beneath me!
Annoy me while I'm doing my job? Your parcel is getting opened and delayed by customs
Well you wanted to be surprised.
Petty dish-washing revenge
That's what you get, bitch.
You Decided To Call The Police On Me? Because Of A Halloween Costume?!
Bitch I Used To Like
Band teacher shat himself
Good luck finding your two week old phone!
You shall not pass!
Another Middle School Bully Story (long-ish) I found this worthy of being my first post.Group of bikers got busted by bicycle cops after passing a 30 minute line of cars in a buss lane.
Slapped by a Snake, Sucker!
Petty Revenge on annoying drunks (McDonald's)
"Friend" eggs my car
Cut me off when I'm on a motorcycle, will you?
Dear Customer Service reps.
Ex's new BF sends me a threatening Facebook PM, I Post it to my wall for public shaming
Don't mess with a lactose intolerant person.
Steal my cards will you?
Won't stop spamming and harassing me? Fine, reported you to the Federal Trade Commission.
Call me in to work on my day off? See how you like it when I clock in late.
Oh, you are going to exclude everyone else from your communication, right in front of us? OK. Prepare for some petty equality.
You Wouldn't Have Been Caught if You Were Nice to Me
Give me the bad end of a deal?
Middle School Petty Revenge
Lack of manners will cost you common cents!
Torment me for a Year? Prepare to Grovel for Five!
Blue, bitches.
Overcharge foreign students with no explanation in China, well enjoy this last payment.
Oh, you mean sand doesn't improve your BBQ? *oops*
If you weren't so mean, maybe I would have told you about the toilet paper hanging out of your ass
Update: Remember that illegally parked ferrari?
Control yourself and your kids.
My revenge hurt me, but it was worth it.
Middle School Bully
Speed around me on the highway? Not this time.
I hope you like tiny chips.
Oh, your client parked in my driveway? That's ok, your board meeting is about to ROCK
[Request for Help] Teachers Petty Revenge
Eat my leftovers?
Did you really just call me gay?
Enjoy my super lactose intolerance fart
Towel Revenge
Disrespectful in a music Hall.
You volunteered me to babysit on my day off?
My ex boyfriend is a major d-bag, so I get my petty revenge!
The Milkcase Sagas
Annoy me, will you?
Be an asshole to me? I'll be one, too
The Milkcase Sagas
Don't bring dogs to the cemetery.
Take up my teacher's parking spot? This is what happens.
Verizon store, annoying children, and my last nerve
"Why is your windscreen black?"
Revenge on my old boss
So Was It As Good For You?
Prom Revenge
Take up 2 of the 3 parking spots? Don't expect to leave.
Leave my tent alone. (Kind of accidental revenge)
Your motorbike isn't a license to kill.
Be an annoying customer, don't get the slice you want.
petty revenge? placing somebody's job in jeopardy? either way, completely justified.
Wedding chocolates &gt; friendship
You have made a huge mistake.
My mornings are getting much better
This warms my heart: Baristas everywhere robbing douchey customers of their caffeine fix
Someone in my apartment building has been using my detergent.
Cleanliness is next to godliness...
I told you not to leave the windows open...
this dude tried to cut in front of me in the supermarket
Call me names? Enjoy the party.
You're gonna give me an attitude? I hope you taste the hate.
Be a douche to your coworkers and they will (temporarily) sabotage your work
Oh I'm sorry, was my cart in the way?
Chocolate blazer for you!
I won in the end...
Use all my toilet paper?
Who doesnt love John Stamos?
Ruined my favorite jacket...
Don't drive like an asshole in a parking lot and then piss off a dad...
Petty Revenge at a concert
Nearly run me down? I'll make sure you don't drive away.
Clueless cashier
It's my last day at my terrible job. Figured you guys would enjoy this the most.
Shared laundry rooms...
College room mates leaving dishes in the sink.
A tailgater's hell
Annoying childhood "friend" finally loses
Give me a better view? I won't let you have one.
Roommate kept me up late
More than petty?
Book Hog
Karma is going to get you
My brother was being a real prick about the kitchen
If you're going to be a jerk, I'll just "have trouble" finding your parts.
Roommate wont teach me to burn cds after using my laptop and blanks to burn a cd for himself.
Shitty roommate, any suggestions?
Someone in my exam decided to constantly kick the back of my chair, when it became time to leave I pushed my desk to right behind his chair. When he stood up it knocked my desk over and 150 people stared at him
Sweaty money is gross
My sister was a bitch....
Revenge ideas for a bad ebay buyer?
Steal my stuff and lie about it? Enjoy sleeping in my piss.
Petty revenge on League of Legends Troll
Motorbike tried to cut me up, - on his ass
Petty theft
You should have seen the look on his face
Petty Revenge on my Sister
Not going to nicely hand me your money?
Camera strap pettiness
Battle with moron roommate, Part IIAudio battles with my ex-roommate
Don't mess with the people who will be near your car.
Rude Girl on Kik.
You decide to be mean at the check-out? Guess who's not enjoying their chocolate delight tonight.
I'm not a fan of smoking
The most petty of revenge against a roommate who can't put his shower gel away.
Impatient birch
Make me do your dirty work? Say goodbye to your favorite shirt/pants.
Petty Parking Revenge
Roller coaster revenge
Your Clubs Are Clean Ma'am
Don't cut in line and yell at the cashier.
getting even with the ex-girlfriend's parents
Pretty Revenge at its best
Petty revenge at the golf course
Revenge on sister who takes my headphones to school
Don't handle your stuff around the house? Have some hair.
"Payback" - a tale of telemarketer revenge
Random lady cuts me off on the sidewalk three times
I don't care if it's the fast lane, don't tailgate me.
Petty Revenge on the Fried Chicken Store Next Door
See how YOU like it.
Get mad at me for following state law? Feel the burn.
Am I still a Failure?
Every Band Needs A Yoko, Apparently
I got me frozen yogurt, dammit!
Free sample on Facebook
Petty Revenge when I was young that seemed like Sweet Justice
Young teenage sibling revenge.
Cut me in line? Hope you enjoy an even longer line.
Too much of a chicken shit to give a simple courtesy message? I hope you like dogs.
You want petty? Try downright diabolical...
Very Petty
Don't wear your strappy sandals to the front row of a concert, honey.
Bail on being my only ride and loose your rights to Netflix.
Country Fried Fuck You.
Ex Revenge is sweetest when you don't even have to try.
No quarters for you!
You can't silence me.
WD40 vs Shitty Windmill
Your name tag is now broken because of some nasty words
Anti-Android person has an Android tablet
(self) Thug loses his guardian angel
Prom night dumpster baby goes home to mommy
Went from GGG to shittiest roommate ever? Have a little petty revenge.
Petty Revenge on Sexist Customers (x-post from /r/talesfromretail)
I hope she had to do an open to close.
Tail gate me and I will make you wet.
Bike like a jackass? Let me get some of that dirt off your bike!
Think before you drive like a douche
Free Burgers
Don't cut me in line
Don't pretend you're going to drive through my car unless you're prepared to do it.
Kneel Before Me
Petty Revenge at the Strip Club
wedding grumps
Charge me extra for your mistake? I'll rustle your jimmies
Steal my chair and I'll steal your happiness
Hotel Royale or The history of all hitherto existing society is the history of class struggles
Rot in my spam folder, you fools!
Angry Drivers make the best targets for petty revenge
My Coworker Took My Whiteboard
Housemates; Meet the Chaotic Neutral
Treat me like your personal slave? Enjoy sitting in the dark.
I don't like having to do the exact same job, twice.
Revenge and slight redemption for my previous road assholery.
Oh, it's locked? I'll call maintenance.
Lunch time!
No call, no bathroom
Petty Revenge on my fiance's dog (nothing special)
I did not come to act as a waiter
That was the day my mom learned soap is not food
flowers and sand
Ruin my friendships? Let me tell you about Homestuck
Hold my bag, will you?
Petty revenge on r/pettyrevenge
Rejection?
Lukewarm revenge.
Cockblocked
Fuck your birthday AND your balloons.
Takeaway revenge
Instant fender bender karma
Revenge of the Sandwich artist.
Cashier is a petty individual
That's What You Get for Being Petty
Obnoxiously rushing me? I'll take my time.
Smeared with revenge
Have a nice Bonus.
Dad abuses passenger privileges, revenge served cold
Ok, wtf?! Every time I triple tap to change to night mode or back, iTunes opens with candy crush to download. What is going on?!
I really can't change the prices
Oh yeah? Cut me off?
Classmate revenge
The Piss Disk
Evil Butler strikes again
Burn in Helvetica
Damn dirty vampires.
Frustration in the workplace
Want to exploit me for months ? I'll make you ruin your workstation
Feral Kids Decided To Ding-Dong-Ditch Me Tonight, Hubby Thought Of This *Story Inside*If you let your dog attack a child and say the child was "provoking it", you're going to have a bad time.
Rude Lady Gets Ugly Mug
My revenge on the speeding teenager.
Don't Park in Handicap Spots If You're Not Disabled or Karma Double Slam
F*ck you Samsung.
Hurt me? Fuck you, your comedy is like Dane Cook's
Have fun choosing favorites!
It rubs the lotion on its... pants?
Douchebag gets what he deserves in mall parking lot
If you cheat, don't tell the TA...
Scumbag Home-Healthcare Aide
Needles
I coughed on your cupcakes. Enjoy.
Would you like some salt with that?
Grocery Store Traffic Jam
Security guard gave me a warning ticket I called the cops.
Laundry money
Both my dogs get revenge on me twice a day. Every day.
Coconut scented revenge
Wife gets me pretty good
Double standards? Good thing you looove cleaning!
[Meta] Is there a subreddit where the revenge is always smaller in magnitude than the instigating offense?
Don't steal my laundry machine.
Honking doesn't help buddy
Make fun of me and my friends? No party for you!
Need Help. Basement Apt. Mold.
Don't touch my underwear.
Use my the laundry detergent? Smell like fish
I'm going to let it drip forever!
Brat child running wild? Enjoy the dark,you little sh*t! (long read)
Watching High School Rally w/S.O., Bitch Behind Acts Up
More petty revenge on roommate!
Nature's Petty Revenge
Have a nice chill
Gotta do your best with what you got!
Extortion doesn't pay
Sometimes the best revenge is a really nice lawn.
Try to make my job harder? Turnabout is fair play.
I did something really mean. (Involving OCD and spit.)
Sauce packets
Try to do your laundry now
Pee on my foot?
PettyRevenge, how can I get back at this douche bag who smokes in the only elevator of our apartment building?
"Legally justified malicious compliance at it's most satisfying" should be the motto of this sub.
No work, get kicked out from job.
Not a Morning person, are we?
Country Store Revenge
I Hope Charity Likes Your Tip
Redbox Revenge
I still look back on this and laugh. I felt so proud of myself.
You give me attitude? No cereal for you!
Practical joke gone right!
If you keep singing your music, I'm gonna play mine.
don't take my bands money!
A fool and his paper are soon parted.
Petty revenge on roommate
Petty revenge isn't sweet, it's sour (cream)
Bitch Alpha-mum meets bitch 7-year-old me head on.
Lessons in destruction
Petty retail revenge
Yes, you are my waiter, but don't be a dick!
Know it all gets to know it a little too early
Revenge on my brother
Ruined evil stepmother's secret stash of pretzels
An unwatched pot never boils
You're going to be a bitch about my store closing? It'll cost you.
Don't hold the door for me? You get my smelly farts.
Got revenge on next door neighbor with yappy dogs.
Enjoy your premium margarita, blended with an extra shot of your own fingernails.
Demand I quick-scope? I don't think my RPG Agrees...
Didn't you want the alarm to go off at 3AM?
Make me do excess work without informing me yourself will you?
The Subway girl gave me half as much salad than they usually do.
iPhone 4s
"Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle"
Move my stuff without asking? Have a nice weekend
You don't speak French, do you?
Enjoy your fine.
Try to pass me on the right and I will make you wait longer
Drunken kids sit in my stairwell; get wet bums
Office revenge
You must die, I alone am best!
Don't make fun of someone who is sick
Beat the professor at his own game
Accidental non-petty revenge.
A**holes on horses
Bullies and a beer bong
Oh, sorry, did you want to park here?
Enjoy your handmade gifts
Don't be a buzzkill. If you don't like it, just leave.
Is this seat taken?
Steal my Mardi Gras beads? I don't think so.
Revenge on a forgetful brother.
Reddit Petty
My movie theatre revenge
I love my step-mom
Treat girls poorly, fail your class
Me and my sister play Animal Crossing City Folk for the Wii. I did this to her when she made me mad.
Teenage concert revenge
Want to trip me huh?Who got drafted?
I do this to angry drivers alot
Make me do dishes when I'm sore all over? See how you like my use of lukewarm water.
I'll just dig my nail into your side
Petty Revenge at the Beach
Just wanted it to smell bad, even better.
Two kinds of dishes (x-post /r/ProRevenge)
The thumping bass needs to stop.
Leading by example
Mildly annoying crossing guard gets her comeuppance
Eat Food in my class after I say no food, it goes in the garbage.
Keep me awake at night and I'll see your early demise
Keep me awake at night and see what happens
Two kinds of dishes (x-post from /r/ProRevenge
My petty revenge story
Thanks for the cookie!!
Take this item, but beware it comes with free rhinovirus
Revenge at snarky comment at gym
My dad is the reason a group of teenagers are afraid to go into the woods at night..
Asshole neighbor with sensitive car alarm gets what's comin' to him!
Video Game Revenge
Accidental petty revenge?
Fun cleaning the house
Asshole gets legs swept out from underneath him
Epic revenge from 5 year old me
Committed one of the pettiest of petty revenges
Fun with the Company truck
Take your time to the lift(elevator?) I'll waste your time.
Cell phone hell
Petty revenge for a fellow driver.
Steal someone's prized possession? Good luck finding all your stuff.
Revenge is a dish best served.....on hold
Student wants to re-take a test. NOPE.
Scratch my bike and you will pay
Have fun being alone on Father's Day
Colleague leaves door open, so I turn up ringer volume on his phone
Steal my work? no grade for you!
On your cellphone on the highway?
You and your friends are going to annoy me and throw stuff at me while I am silently playing videogames? You messed with the wrong person.
Towel Wasting Brother
See if you can do this job without me.
Legs McNeil, of Please Kill Me fame, not above a little Petty Revenge. (xpost Funny)
Revenge on the cleaning ladies
Target me in computer class? Feel my wrath.
No gig for you!
Looks like someone else gets your kill, fucker.
Don't return the favor? Have some fear in your life.
"oooh, did you do something with your hair?"
Wreck my store will ya, hope your kid still wears diapers
Honk your horn at us impatiently? We will make you wait at the next red light.
Heavy on the horn ? Enjoy your wait sucker
Hassle me again, motherfucker.
My roommates have made my life a living hell for the past year by being lying, backstabbing, two-faced bitches.
make me go shopping? in the blistering heat?
Mess with my feelings, I'll mess with your underage clubbing.
Petty Revenge for the Handicapable
Ongoing lamp revenge
Don't mess with people who can mess with your food
Sit on my bed?
Brother-in-law always has to try one upping everything. Two can play at that game!
Tailgate me? Enjoy going 10 below
Thatll teach you to take the IPad!
Don't try to tell me what I can't do.
Two wrongs don't make a right.
No Blessings for you
Stalker kid won't leave my sister alone
Oh, you fuckers think you can have the last laugh? I don't think so.
Training partner tries to make me look bad in front of the coach
When My sister did something to me
Revenge is best served cold...with Kevin Spacey.
When petty revenge becomes reward
If you make me the Bad Guy, don't gripe about what happens next.
How to sass out your bullying bus driver.
New tenants refuse to pay for the fridge, so redditor cuts the wire and super-glues the door shut (x-post /r/ProRevenge)
I'm sorry? Is "un-lim-it-ed" how we say "family plan"?
Petty vehicular revenge, aided by Lady Luck!
IRS
Revenge at 20,000 feet
Nobody likes a copy cat (short one)
You wanna call me 5 times in a row?
Reddit Revenge
The Weirdest Revenge Kiss of Her Life?
Tales from a Disneyland Cast Member Ep. 1
Freshman Dorm Revenge
First time getting petty revenge, I think I did it right
Oh you burned your eyebrows off? HA
Billy Connolly Joke Theft
Descriptive excuse
No more puppy for you.
The delivery man didn't come to my door, instead calling from the front of the building.
Oh I'm sorry cashier girl, did I inconvenience with my "hey, how's it going"? Well then I'll be sure not to bother you with another syllable during our next exchange.
Am I awake?
unintentional petty revenge at the atm
Yeah! Take that
I'm going to fold them my way.
Minecrafting with Capt. D-Bag
My older brother used to be such a dick to me when we were younger..
Request: Ideas for petty revenge on asshole neighbour
Workout revenge
Don't be rude to the person finding you car fluids.Grocery store express lane
I'll most likely need to take revengeful action on a scumbag teacher. Help appreciated.
I love revenge
Spoil my anime?
I'm such a klutz...
Drive like an asshole and almost hit me? I'll make you mildly uncomfortable at the next stoplight.
Oh, you require a doctors note for me to call in? No problem...
Petty Pokemon Revenge
Be careful what you scream for...
Sorry I hit your car
Want me to make you cry?
I'm not buying the cat.
Phone charger revenge.
Fuck your doors
Oh, I'll just put this there then.
Stinky Shoes
I am not into guys with comb over anyway.
Leave my motorcycle alone.
Petty revenge on an entitled guest
Petty revenge on mediocre dog owners.
Steal my math book because your locker is a shit hole and you can't find yours? Have fun paying a $50.00 fine.
For Sale: Petty Revenge
Next time you get a pet, train it properly.
In a hurry to catch your movie, are you?
Never Live with Friends
I tripped a little shit.
Saltwater and Grass don't get along..
Two wrongs may not make a right, but a right and and left do.
Talk shit about me, I'll steal your headphones
Bathroom Etiquette
Don't bitch about people sitting next to you in another language
Landlord tried to steal my safety deposit
F$@? your cookies!
Minecraft is serious business
Dry toast
I'm not passive aggressive, honest. (Smoothie Edition)
Good luck playing beer pong with no table.
Want to spin you tires out and tailgate? I'll slow you down.
Fight my own battles, huh?
Revenge against a scumbag exgirlfriend.(x-post r/funny)
Take too long with my pizza will ya?
Mean Girl Grade School Classmate Revenge - Mormon Edition
Enjoy your hand-crafted Hate-Mug.
Asshole landlord pisses on my friend's car. Petty revenge is had.
I hope your urine harvest is bountiful
Petty revenge, musician style
Be nice to cashiers
Fender Bender Gone Awry
Good luck spending my paycheque on blow
Bro cuts off my disturbing videos.
I should have done this earlier...have fun with your spam-filled phones!
Brother "can't" wake up, he has to wait.
Is it vomit on your seat?
A Douche who learnt not to ruin a night time thermal swim.
Don't steal my parking spot.
Go around! No? Well ok then.
Be nice to the homeless.
Baseball camp revenge
The gasps behind the glass doors
You and your hoveround can damn well wait.
I gave her some tongue.
If you don't like it, make it yourself next time.
Welcome to Chicago!
Went AK magazine hunting, turned the tables on a shitty vendor (X-post /r/guns)
I Specialize in Passive Aggression.
Saw this on tumblr and thought it would be good here
Won't clean up after yourselves? Good luck cooking now.
"That iPod was everything to me..."
Lock me out of the bathroom?
Revenge on standard bully.
Raisins? Where the hell did she get raisins?
Just say thank you next time...
I'm a manager at a valet company; some asshole constantly parks illegally in my lot...
Not cleaning up any more...
Small act of petty revenge that's almost certainly going unnoticed, but makes me feel better.
The pettiest of revenge.
My little revengeI get as often as possible.
Another petty revenge on a bratty waiting room kid.
Neighbor kicking everybody off fiber internet that we all paid to get installed only three months ago. Other neighbors and I put together a list of movies we want. This is the result.
You block me from getting off the plane? I block you from getting to your stuff.
Don't text and drive.
To my former partner and now stalker... I know you are reading this.
Kindness and Currency in Retail
No one interrupts my crap and gets away with it
Super *Petty Revenge on the BEST room-mate EVER
Ha. That'll show him.
The 16 year-old douche with no idea of flight etiquette.
Fuck you, alpaca!
Revenge on GF Cheating On Deployed Soldier (Not me, but good)
Keep your homophobia to yourself.
Scare me with office prank? I can scare you more!
Use your own damn bathroom!
Why do people insist on parking so close to another vehicle in a parking lot that has plenty of open spaces?
All actions have (petty) consequences
Those were MY waffles!
Don't beep at me when it is my right of way.
The case of the missing clothes, or, "My wife, the cunt!"
Audit me will you?
Radio Station revenge
Warm Soapy WaterGood things come to those who wait.
Reddit: I live with my land lord and he is a CRAZY fuck.... any petty revenge suggestions that won't lead back to me?
Quality pettyness
Make me do all the cleaning? Nope.
Don't beep at me when I'm trying to help you.
break-up with my sister on facebook and then try to watch stuff on my netflix...oh wait arrested development is...oh can't watch. Sucker.
Revenge on old man who tried to start a fight with me in my store parking lot
Moms can be such Bums
Revenge on mom from 4 year old
More justice than revenge, but it's still so sweet.
Revenge is sweet... Or in this case, salty
Just found this sub, do I have stories...
This is why you wait.
The Worst Kind of PettyRevenge
Steal my left over food? Get food poisoning
thats just foul...
2 Hour Parking Problems
Don't throw things at me
No stamps huh?
Talk during the concert?
Unpleasant soccer parent embarrasses my uncle, gets mired in petty.
Try to run me over will you,?
Petty public shaming
Concert girl
Very Petty Revenge on Bratty Child in Waiting Room
Environmentally friendly revenge
Revenge on old man who tried to fight me in my store parking lot
Fuck with my little sister? Fail your class.
don't beep at me
Jellybean Roulette
jerk owner does a "switcheroo" on me. Ends up being a precursor to something unexpected. NSFW (x post from talesfromyourserver)
bad parenting ruining your meal?
(Traffic) Cone Wars
This is what I get for dating crazy.
Enjoy your shirt nipples.
oh I walk slow too you ignorant twat
Don't have headphones?
Sweet revenge on brat child
They were using it way to much.
cheating can be pretty `crappy`
pettiness against a bigot
Steal my bed? Ok, have fun being deported [update]
Not so high and mighty now!
Thoughts on having a brainstorm-thread on how to best exact petty revenge? We could share our best ideas, and help others revenge be even pettier than before!
Leave your dog chained to your front porch? Better pick up after it...
High and mighty brother gets whats coming to him
Sorry, hadn't realized you were trying to watch something...
I only take so much sh*t. Even from my family.
You can pick up your change
Don't play "chicken" with me you little shit...
Don't eat my food.
Petty revenge on a crazy ex boss.
I will make your latte decaf
Sibling Revenge
Eat my food, I eat yours.
Crummy cake.
Mess with me... I'll cut holes in your clothes
Passive roommate revenge
Pushy old lady in China refuses to wait in line
Not follow through on a trade? I'll downvote all your posts.
Pubes, pubes everywhere.
No more spankings.
Stolen Computer? I will find you
Bent Quarter Revenge
Revenge immortalized in a plaque.
Who knew that the music of Philip Glass could be so effective?
Incredibly petty computer advice revenge.
Ebay revenge.
If you're gonna be a huge D-Bag then look forward to getting hundreds of creepy texts and calls soliciting sex.
All you have to do is...
Teachs you not to eat my steak.
My friend gets revenge on his ex's new boyfriend by getting his little sister to throw water balloons at him.
Petty Penny Revenge
My friend gets revenge on his ex's new boyfriend by getting his little sister to throw water balloons at him.
Throw yourself at the band I'm trying to enjoy? Enjoy my elbows!
You think you can cheat on me?!
Unpleasant Steak and shake waitress.
Bully my friend, and you and your slutty girlfriend get less ice cream!
I act like a mirror and reflect a pervert's eye fuck.
Petty revenge on girlfriend.
Karma strikes asshole roommate twice (x-post from /r/justiceporn)
My roommate kept turning the router off while I was playing vidya...
Sunday afternoon at the theaters.
What could I use to fuck up someone's hair?
Maybe you should've waited for the light
Keep me up at night, will you?
Manager makes a scene over nothing...
You seem to be in a hurry. It would really suck to be stuck behind a garbage truck, wouldn't it?
Don't Honk at Me
Flying Glass Revenge Part 2
You Shall Not Pass
Friend lost my Kyogre
Don't piss off your landscaper...
Ride my bumper? I'll show you...
Contract work scam countered
Be A Dick To Us? Enjoy The Fail.
Bathroom work and "Taco Sparkle"
Orange Gatorade
So you don't tip but your a regular are you? Xpost from /talesfromthepizzaguy
Enjoy my germs.Flying glass revenge
Cashier Revenge
My father doesn't leave the bread open/unwrapped anymore.
No ice cream for you
That's what you get for breaking my sandcastle.
Fish food (first post)
"Hey, you're not as good looking as you think you are."
Yeah make fun of the poor concession worker, Oh wait now you need my help!
Revenge on my brother.
The mildly inconveniencing fury of the kitchen porter
Revenge on a gas thief.
"Welcome to the biggest party of the year! Oh, and you're on trash duty."
Oh no, the floor is dirty.
Paperclip revenge
To all the people who cut me off in rush-hour traffic
The pettiest
Hang up on me? We'll see who has the last *click*!
Your laziness annoys me. Have fun being productive
Deny me shower gel? I think not.
Car Door Revenge
Hacked at school
Keep me late at work? Enjoy your morning coffee.
Revenge on overbearing manager
So... I did a booboo!
The speed limit
Two fingers in a pervert's drink
Monkey Girl
Write me an essay? Have fun squinting bitch.
High school dodgeball sucks...
I may be "addicted" to my smartphone, but I also get to finish my drink after the bar closes, asshole.
My graveyard shift petty revenge
Obnoxious co-worker revenge
Please stop blowing your horn so your grand kid can walk 3 feet to your car.
Petty revenge in the food line
I am NOT your maid, you idiot
Friends dog ate my whole pastrami sandwich out of my hand, i released the hounds
Tries to steal my cab
Sweet, sweet, smiley face revenge
In the name of justice.
Steal my paycheck, I'll screw with your OCD.
Enjoy your decaf non-fat white chocolate mocha, bitch
Good ole' traffic petty revenge.
Take my pillow will you?
Good luck finding it...
Worst/Best beach trip ever
Try to skip an emergency leave soldier? Not on my watch.
Step-mom treated me like shit for most of my childhood. And then asked for forgiveness when I was an adult. She received none.
Outlook Rules
Airport drama
Don't tell me what to do, movie theater man.
Lightswitch.
St. Louis Taxi Cab
Redneck revenge in a parking lot.
Asshole ex employee trying to extort and blackmail
Bitchy pregnant co worker revenge!
My Vegetarian Sister
Gypsy Cab, More Like Petty Cab
Hint: Turn off your music
How to Be a Sweet Bitch
Disobey MY traffic laws? Suffer.
Space camp douchebag
I'm lovin' it.
MY Friend Robbed my house with his 2 gangbanger friend's and i got sweet sweeeeeeet revenge &gt;__&lt;
Fancy Cars Park How They Want, Peon
Adventures in Road Rage - DC Metro
When telling a teacher doesn't work, learn the system and make it work to your advantage.
petty revenge for petty dipshits
Forks
There's multiple fountains you midget
If you never take your laundry out of the dryer, expect some petty revenge
Revenge on bitchy waitress.
Cheat on me, will you? Enjoy my revenge, and karma biting you on the ass, bitch.
Be an inconsiderate roommate - feel my wrath!
Parking Revenge
"That's a nice shave there"
DAE have a small clunker and exact this form of petty revenge against the way ginormous cars/trucks/landboats/etc are parked?
Dismiss my friend, will you? Wait an extra 10 seconds to use the sink!
Spoiled bitch pulls my hair, gets kicked out.
An Everyday Petty Revenge
Oh? You wanted a chocolate shake?
Drunk and somehwat 80 woman made my holiday
Keep me up all night for your boozin? TAKE THAT!
So you got a new cat...
Peer talks down to you? Eat their food!
Asshole kid at school has to thank me for nearly breaking his wrist.
Train petty revenge
Neighbours took parents to court so my Mum puts dead animals in their yard.
Steal my bowl? Enjoy a gutter ball.
Wake me up, will you?
Rude Customer Gets Charged Extra.
Ride your bike in my lawn? Taste my hornet vengeance bitch!
You report us, we show who reported us
No room for me to merge, yet you dare honk at me? Taste the sweetness of revenge!
Speaking of douche managers....
She probably thinks she is grtting Alzheimer's now..
Plant Loves Bleach
Stuck up woman loses $20
Ignore the crossing guard at our school and you will pay (literally).
Close the damn bag
Very petty revenge at the gymFast Food Revenge
You mess up my floor? I mop your shoes.
Brother leaves my playstation on
I remember what I used to do to some girls in middle school.
Sister Revenge
Water revenge
Really, I just wanted to get to the restroom.
Drive like an asshole and I'll get you stuck in a turn-only lane.
The Greasy Palm
special delivery to the ex
Now we are even, douchebag manager.
Don't follow instructions? Have some WHITE HOT PETTY REVENGE (not really hot)
The Sandwich Skirmish
Girl screws up my exam, pretty revenge ensues.
Flatmate ate all of my pistachios, so I made a treasure hunt for him
You like sarcastic e-mail? Hope you like online newsletters.
Win-Win for Me!
"Nah, just gonna kick it out here..." Muahahaha.
Enjoy the coffee, you gun-toting asshat.
Waiter/Server Petty Revenge
Neighbor called the cops on my car, now I mess with her at will.
My cyber hacking revenge
What happens when you get on my shitlist.
Lunatic driver can SMD.
Movie theater jerks
Won't house train your dog?
Petty revenge on my sister
Hope you don't mind some missing pubes, bro!
My ex-gf recently cheated on me with my good buddy. I'm the only one who knows about his DUI. Karma sucks.
What event made you change your ways? Was it a good or bad thing?
Brother doesn't reorganize my comic books
Insult my intelligence? I'll make you look dumb.
High school class karma
Sibling Rivalry
Star Trek Revenge
Burn Book Sabotage
Guy endangers my life, then decides to call me a "Faggot" and spit on me...
Revenge with dubstep
The SLO-MO Revenge
Crazy history teacher has a mailbox.
IN-N-OUT Revenge
Enjoy your "GAINZ"!
Oh, you wanted to sleep in, did you?
Letting a guy live with me for free, found out he's not a good housemate...
Catty Revenge
Black Tail
Which one of you used my toothbrush?
Cold showers
Run your mouth and I'll run my typewriter!
Steal my bed? Ok, have fun being deported.
Sex all night just before my exam?
brace yourself: it's a poop story
Teacher lets kids steal my hat. He pays double.
Complain about my work? I'll give you something to complain about.
Maybe next time you'll do your dishes
Highschoolers.
It's not just a tv show!
The glourious war of sister rivalry.
Well, maybe I can't wear what I want, but my brother will!
My petty revenge against nature.
Honk and swear at me will you?
Don't try to steal my final project
My roommate eats with his mouth open.
Tailgating gets you nowhere
Fuck you and your "turns out i don't have it" sob stories.
So someone wanted to buy my Minecraft account.
Don't steal my beer
Note to my next project partner, don't be a lazy asshole
Scantron Petty Revenge
Elevator Revenge
Revenge on dorm roommate
Extra Hot wanker
Eat my pizza rolls will you?
An apology to all.
Shitty Flyer, How about Shitty Grade
The faimly high
passive agressive parking flyer.
That's my daughter, bitch! (Update)
Beefcake and his air horn, or David vs the Goliath
You Think You Know Everything? Naw, Bruh [Extremely Petty]
Laggy internet for you.
Petty Revenge in Paradise
Prom
$3 Coffee Entitlement
Everyone hates a sales(girl)'s cold call…
I threw those ugly signs away
One simply does not pass a garbage truck, especially on the right.
Making a fuss at Deli? Back of the line, BITCH!
Lady doesn't pick up her dog's poop in my apartment complex, so I did it for her at 3am last night...
The Pettiest of Petty Revenges
Turn down the music.
She said she did not need my help, so I did not give her my help.
Deli revenge
BMW driver gets what they deserve.
Enjoy Your Damp Towel
Friend's girlfriend of 5 years, and soon to be fiance, left him.
Babysitter Pay-Back
3 year old son keeps pushing the baby over.
You interrupt me and I'm gonna make you feel like an idiot
I'm sorry, did I misspell your name .... Again?The Tale of the Egg-Smasher
Take my phone changer? Fine, your phone won't be charged.
I let her cook it wrong
I finally saw an idiot on the freeway get sweet revenge.
My boyfriend didn't keep his promise.
MMO petty revenge
I'm a petty yet convincing liar.
Idiot roommate Loses Kitchen Privileges, Part 3
Take our shitty gift box
Teacher told off a whiny, popular high schooler. Leaves me a wonderful memory.
Keep leaving the oven on?! I'll show you!
The Downfall of the Daycare Bully
Ruin the movie, my buddy will ruin your social life.
My own personal revenge in progress
Some instant karma mixed with a bit of petty revenge.
Truck driver gets a face full of iced tea.
Happy Earth Day!
Three punks in London
Lifeguard Revenge
Asshole teacher gets a stinky revenge
Just made things really "uncomfortable" for my "family"
I destroyed my nasty stepsister's ability to show off her wedding.
Creep what I'm doing on my phone? Fine, I'll brows /r/spacedicks.
So my roommates are moving out today...
Washing my hands sucks, Dad
Security guard on campus gets what's comin.
Big Brother Is Watching
My Own Traffic Violation Revenge
Want a conspiracy theory you crazy bitch? Well, here you go.
Mayonnaise.
Mess with my garden will you
No, you can't have that kibble, asshole.
If you ruin my movie,I ruin your date!
My older brothers petty heater revenge.
I do this all the time.
Shady employers get what they deserve in the end.
[request] Need help extracting revenge
Petty act of dickishness overdone in return
Make Me mad and I will make you use the thing you hate most.
Petty revenge on douche classmate
Shower Shitter gets what's coming!
Your only opportunity just drove off.
Two stories + Same store = Sweet simple revenge.
Made an asshole gamer ragequit
You should have been 'ice' to me.
Probably my most pettiest revenge
Fuck with the bull? Get the horns, bitch.
The signs everywhere that say "hold on" are there for a reason.
The chefs deserve nothing
What to do with too many automatic emails?
High school is run like a military compound? I'll subtly destabilize it
Your perfume smelled like shit, so I gave you a new kind.
A not-so-friendly PE game
More crack head Tim revenge.
Enjoy getting that ball!
Accuse me of stealing food? I'll steal your job.
Long awaited revenge on a roommate from hell
Take a worthless piece of steel!
Sent my stepfather-in-law a bucket of poop...
You had sex with a non-existent girl? Niiiice.
The stars and planets aligned that night for me.
Flight School Revenge
What's wrong, All Star?
Old Australian petty revenge story
Well, get here earlier then.
My girlfriend just got her towels stolen from the laundry room. Revenge ideas?
My lunch is not important? Neither is your package.
I need my sleep, so please PLEASE stop waking me up.
Mistake me for the valet and be rude to me, have a nice walk home.
Have fun counting.
That's MY daughter, bitch!
Justice in the army (slightly NSFW)
Honkity doo dah
Are you allergic to manners, too?
Did not want me to use his ink
I found a way to safely and legitimately ruin the plan of "That guy who won't allow other cars to merge at a lane merge"!
My poetry lacks 'depth' and 'clarity' you say?
I called upon /b/
Honking at me because you're a bad driver? Have a speeding ticket.
Some petty revenge on /me/. A reminder to not park like a huge jerk.
to all the girls on reddit: any great revenge stories on an ex, friend or boss?
road rage vs road rage
Be a dick to my friend? Enjoy my very sweet revenge.
White Pants
Liquid drive-by
Petty Revenge: Road Rage [VIDEO]
She never even noticed.
"You're doing calculus wrong."
Shutting the Door in my Face or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Elevator
The fee to park there is accepting one bag of poop
Mini-fridge Revenge
Car alarm keeps up the kids
My gf said it was childish. She may be right.
Revenge on inept building management and foreclosing bank
my mom's attempt at killing the neighbors cat
How to get revenge on crazy french teacher
Fuck you and your break room.
Can you not read emails?
Who's incapable of thinking now?
Bed, Bath and BEYOND UNREASONABLEPettiness with door-holding at the office
Little Host Sister Gets Perfectly Petty Revenge on Me!
Supermarket Revenge
Sweet petty revenge on the road.
Ants and Salty Coffee
Craigslist shenanigans
elevator revenge
How to Make a Jock's Ears Bleed
Gym Shower Revenge
Crazy neighbor gets work vehicle reported as stolen.
Something petty I do every day.
I'm glad we could inconvenience you.
I will do as I please.
Petty revenge: from cat to me.
The Great Craigslist Runaround of 2012
Have fun eating your food with your hands
Give me 5 minutes, will you?
McDonalds 2-Lane Drive-Thru vs Road Raging Old Man
Try to cut me in line? No no no, not in my house!
Learn to play, dumbass.
Fat Bastard spit on my car!
Substitute delivery revenge.
Sales guy keeps calling us and hanging up on us
Rude Guy at Choir Concert
I hope that gum landed in your hair
What goes around comes around for some bosses...
If you don't give me my ticket, I won't give you yours.
Short and sweet, traffic revenge
Don't drive like an asshole if your car stands out
Oh, were you in a hurry to park here?
Shoot me will you?
Spanish teacher had to get a new mouse.
mobile gaming brings out the worst in people
Filed noise complaint on neighbors, now my fog lights on my car are busted. Need to get back.
How do I get revenge on an assistant manager that made sure I got fired?
Have fun finding another job, bitch.
Try to turn my little sister into an unsuspecting drug mule and you'll get nothing!
I think it ended on a great note.
Are you done here?
Petty revenge on racist grandparent.
online dating site
Guys, there is some glorious petty revenge going on in askreddit
Ode of the Black Purse
I got fed up with the walmart walruses.
Douchebag and a hailstorm.
Petty revenge becomes more than I bargained for
Can't do the dishes?
/r/talesfromretail demanded that I repost this comment here
Revenge on the Snooty bitch at my kid's school.
Boyfriend gets revenge on Asshole Jock.
Students are powerless? What? Well, there's exceptions to every rule.
Petty driving squabble
Idiot roommate loses kitchen privileges, Part 2: Dinosaurs. Dinosaurs everywhere.
Teacher singles me out
Paper boy revenge
Steal my lunch? Enjoy the next one
It's Mother's Day, be nice.
Underwater Speed Activate.
Told an old lady we were out if buttermilk but we weren't.
Teeny petty revenge at a baseball game
6 year old's petty revenge
If you continuously elbow and pelvic thrust at me during a concert, don't expect to get away with it.
Oh, you want a Sprite?
So, you're at a sporting event and you think you're going to steal all of the beach balls being bounced around the crowd?
Don't Cut off the Ambulance
Golfing revenge
Keep your shit on your side!
Petty cart return revenge.
Fine, be a snob about music, more for me.
Couldn't wait 2 minutes? How's 15?
Close early? Feel my petty revenge.
Get sneaky with the bottle deposits? Our shared crap belongs to me.
That's wealth
My dad accidentally modified his car to get petty revenge on tailgaters.
Welcome to Walmart...
Share. No matter what age you are
The weather outside my office is a violent hail thunderstorm, so I waited 20 seconds to let the mean UPS guy in when he rang the bell
Hope your insurance covers shopping carts.
My horrible tutor, and how I got my revenge
Petty F1 revenge
Idiot roommate loses kitchen privileges.
Old people are masters of petty revenge.
Revenge on a Damn Yankee
Reddit revenge
Just something I do to anyone who gets in my personal space.
"I.. I thought I deleted all that!"
Nah, I'm good.
Soundgarden concert revenge
My brother thinks it's more effort for him to move his ipod that it is for me to move my PC.
Ignore me? You don't get to be a princess.
Your comedian isn't so funny to me at 5:30am.
Mildly inconvenienced the people who stole from me
Don't invade my personal space
Truck beds are not trashcans.
Don't mess with a pissed off little girl.
Park over the line? Take a lap.
Revenge against babysitter's daughter
Have fun using that towel.
An oldy but a goody. Landlord of doom tried to take us on, and FAILED!!!
Soul Sacrifice revengeHelp me get my petty revenge?
Some petty revenges you guys might like.
Don't want to move your guitar case? Fine I'll just hit it.
annoy me, and you lose your internet
Make me study for an easy/pointless biology placement test 2 weeks ahead? Ill make you have more work!
You can't always get what you want!
Take a pregnant woman's arm rest? Endure the gas.
If you are going to be a jerk over human error, I will waste your time.
Mustard Design
Almost killed walking landfill roommate with chili
Enjoy your shitty bass playing, asshole.
Just because we're family doesn't mean you can be inconsiderate to me. [LONG]
Revenge of the girlfriend's mom at fatburger
Just because my car can go fast, doesn't mean I have to.
Very Petty, but Satisfying, Revenge on a High School Douche
time to wait for your wine
Enjoy your new 'special' sounding name.
Train ride revenge on perverted old man
Don't pass me the milk? Now you have too much milk in your tea!
The animal kaiser bikies.
I may have inconvenienced a few people, but you get to call a locksmith.
Petty revenge on McDonald's
Can you help me? I feel like I need to do something on my sister's behalf, but I don't know what.
Mean girl at high school.
Keep your reddit identity a bit better hidden.
Dealing With The High School Bully
My stomach was acting up during an exam. This is my petty way of saying "Nobody fucks with my test" to my own gut. [X-post from /r/funny] [banana4scale]
...and I just left it there on the table.
I know I should feel really gross and bad about this but fuck them. I put up with their shit for two years.
Cut off the school bus? Oh, I'll show you
Litterer Busted
Obey the laws, jerk.
Don't give me a band-aid? I'll bleed all over your lobby.
PettyRevenge on Attorney
Motorcycle rider gets revenge.
Two adults should not be confined to the same room.
Cut the line for Iron Man 3? Enjoy watching it in the first row.
Here Kitty Kitty Kitty!
Don't mess with gluten free
I hate my high school, and after two years i have finally began to enact my revenge.
ELEVATOR: You want to waste my time? I'll waste yours.
Super Petty Sandwich/Hamburger revenge!
Revenge via Enya
Forced into Kitchen Duty
I was a freelancer who didn't get paid for his work. See if you can guess what alteration I made to the site.
Cart Returns, the place where you return your cart dumbass.
Sympathy for the Diesel, or, Second-hand Smoke
Tales from a college laundry room
Be nice to the cashier and support the schools.
Don't treat your barman like shit
Tailgate me on the highway? Hope you enjoy rubber!
Bon Appetoothpaste
All by your lonesome.
Bar wench revenge
Friends mom revenge on her husband!
Concise
Shitty Roommate Gets What's Coming
Why you should never be rude to the person serving your drinks.
There was the most annoying kid on my 7-12 grade bus.
Nothing like the stink of revenge.
Taught you to stop creeping on my friend
Road karma's a bitch
How I denied a 4th grader "citizenship" during Immigrant Day
Don't speed and stop when there's a stop sign.
Revenge at the drive-through
The wrong parking ticket
Douchey Lawyers
Lazy Authority, a tale of petty revenge.
Be snippy with me? Say goodbye to your precious pens!
Bump me with your baby stroller? See you in the parking lot.
The poorest of network security imaginable assists in an act of the pettiest revenge, or editing the hosts file for fun and animosity.
No bill for you!
Shameless fundraising
You just got ICED
Witness the quickness
Unpleasant Soda Deliverers.
Shared laundry facilities are the worst.
Friend's on-the-spot revenge-lie to scare the SHIT out of a girl
Case of the horrible man-child
Piano Teacher Blues
You don't like the way I fold your socks? Tough cookies
And this is why you do not reward bad behavior.
Road Rage Revenge.
Non-roommates from hell
I hate lane jumpers
Oh, you want to tailgate?
Leave me to clean YOUR mess,eh? Fines! Fines for everyone!!
I steal the pencils they give out for exams.
Your creepy comments didn't go unnoticed
Third floor walkup
Act like a punk and I'll make you walk to the bus.
No sleep for me? No clothes for you!
Fear the Cashier
A thanks would be nice
Trip me over? Watch your back next time!
The soon to be awkward moment when you're going to have to resolved your own doings.
act like a toolbag being a "senior" coworker when in fastfood here's my revenge
Vegan surprise.
Tailgate me while driving eh?
I had to live with an douchebag for almost 2 years. So I ejaculated into his conditioner.Don't want to give me time on the internet? Fine, have my 3 stage revenge.
My neighbor took my basketball from me
Do you like lettuce? Let me see what I can do about that...
Oh you want to throw eggs at my house and a toilet paper roll in my tree?
I suck at revenge
Lazy coworkers didn't like sharing printer responsibilities
Tailgate me with your brights on? Enjoy 30mph
Subliminal Political Messages
Throw out your food next time!
Interrupt my Sleep? I'll destroy your movie.
Woman Took More Than 5 Minutes to Order in Drive-Thru...
Don't be demanding as a hospital patient.
Revenge with a diet coke antidote.
Revenge
Don't be a drunk douche then
Waste my time? Your laptop will smell fruity!
I don't like carrots.
I can't sleep with the TV on
Revenge served cold (from the fridge, to be exact)
Don't eat my food without asking
So there was a douche on the road....
Highschool Locker Revenge.
Roommate has not left the room in 2 weeks and I want to fap. Should I lock his computer?
Fuck you and your white Camaro too!
A guy was mean to me when I made a joke about klondike bars
20,000 Penny Payback
Don't annoy me (family not exempted).
It's really too bad you are too low functioning to figure out your tv
Middle School revenge
Kindergarten revenge.
Some moms are the worst.
The Dry Cleaners
Petty revenge, as only a British person can do
Shut the fuck up Jabba the Hutt
If no one else teaches him respect, then I will.
My previous employer forced me to leave the business...
The Golden Rule: Don't fuck with people who make your food or cut your hair.
Guerrilla warfare, revenge upon the homophobic, the racist, and not too bright.
My petty revenge that I get every time someone behind me drives like a jerk....
A Fifth Wheel roommate Tale
This kid was talking shit about my sister in class...
If you don't shut up, I'll hang up
Cut the grass again.
Young revenge with slippery substance
In this case, revenge was best served steaming hot.
Un-shoveling revenge
"New" Car and you're going to ding me?!
Get stroppy with me, expect to wait just a little bit longer.
Rudely interrupt my run?
Please don't throw my clothes on the floor!
It's pronounced koo-nts
Walking wrong way on sidewalk w/face buried in phone? Go stand in traffic
Don't Make Me Wait on You When You Can Ride The Bus
Speeding through a school zone to get to your nails appointment? That's a no-no.
So my husband had a 4-month affair with a married woman who pretended to be my "friend"....
Daily revenge on a lazy coworker
Karma gets revenge for me
College Expels student for finding flaws in their network
Thus shall be done to him that ruins the showers of other men.
Revenge over a car door "ding"
Canadian Cashier Revenge
Petty Revenge on Horseback
Manager insults my sister, I completely ruin her day.
Keep knocking on the bathroom door older sister...
Pizza Delivery "Delay"
Favorite Quote: I finally realized why God said vengeance is mine.
Drunk neighbor loops anime DVD.... I flip shit, then flip the switch
The key
Needlessly impatient waitress mocked my sweet grandmother....Bad decision.
A Trampoline and a Homicide
Some petty revenge on a line cutter
ex-post from /funny: Hilarious image of a petty revenge on a double parker
Well deserved lip infection.
Better use the correct lane next time..
Park like a prick, take one in the &amp;%$#.
That's some spicy chicken
Professor and class gets their revenge on a delusional art student during the final critique.(Xpost from /r/ProRevenge)
Petty revenge on a waitress at my work[sorry for length]..
Why yes, salt and sugar do look alike.
Send me a needlessly rude email, will you?
My petty revenge and less petty revenge on a rude guy in Vegas
Lock me out? I hope you sleep with ear plugs.
the express line at Costco
Petty revenge as a cashier
Leaf-Blower Psycho
Restaurant revenge
Cutting in line for the ferry.
Dude, stop yelling at the TV.
Kicked the ex off my works wifi network w/ unexpected benefits.
Petty drive-thru destruction.
How I got revenge on violent drug dealers which eventually lead to there arrest.
Operation sabotage my up-stairs neighbors life has began.
Enjoy your chip dust!
Don't attempt to steal our strawberries.
That's Not a Trashcan
I had sex in my roommate's bed while she's out of town.
What should I do about this douche?
Barista's Petty Revenge to Dick Customers: Penis Lattes
Don't mess with my dental hygiene.
So petty, but so satisfying.Large orders beware
Petty Barista
The new neighbor with chickens
Yes, I have the power to make you suck even worse at golf.
Yes, I have the power to make you suck even worse at golf.
My Final Shift.
Revenge as a barista
Smell me!
Tent Assholes
Petty revenge on my older sister.
Stop annoying me.
Child Rebel.
I told her to turn it down.
Control your children.
I fought the law and I won. (x-post from AdviceAnimals)
my roommate stinks
he was convinced he was gonna get laid...
Little bitch
If you annoy me, I'll take my sweet time to respond to your message and do what you want
The floor is not your desk
Conquering the bully
be a douche customer then...
Revenge for cake.
" WHEW!! THAT'S REFRESHING!!"
Rise and Shine
Dont mess with a man's family on their day out.
We can't roll down the hill?
Slumlord hot revenge
You Shouldn't Have Let Your Alarm Go Off for Two Hours
I know someone close to is bookmarking my Reddit posts - so've I've deleted them.
The tale of the camouflage trousers.
Inadvertent Petty Revenge.
Don't threaten to rape my friend.
Want to date my ex-husband? Be forewarned, he likes revenge.
Left lane under the speedlimit on the phone bitch.
"Look me out of the room will you, I'll show you." Oh I showed her
Got back at bitches
What stinks?
Slippery grass always hinders a getaway.
(Kind of old story) Who's the fool now?
Football Win
Your lawn is so nice. It'd be shame if...
Taste of sriracha
You can use it then
I believe karma can be a bitch
Your dog chews it up, its now yours
Revenge is a Dish best served snowy?
Littering drunkards have mug confiscated
Ever wonder what happens backstage when one band is a dick to everyone else?
Squatters? Not on my watch!
Well played mom, well played...
revenge on housemates
Oh you want this spot? Sorry I need to take a call...
Stealing supplies on your last day? I don't think so.
College Roommate Revenge
In the days when proofreading was a manual process.
Screw w my job performance, you get the clamps
Roadkill and Eggs (NSFW)
Cheated on gf gets revenge (xpost from /r/confession)
Merging Traffic (with MSPaint!)
x-post from Confession- Exacted revenge on Ex.
Roommate gets a cat without asking me/us first. I hate cats... hilarity ensues.
An almost revenge or the dumbest thing I may have ever thought..
High school librarian is a bitch.
Cafeteria revenge
Douchebag School Drivers
Oh, you want to use my coffee maker?
I had all day anyway.
Dodgeball Revenge
Honking will never make people be nice to you
NSFW Chick who screwed me wanted her glass she got in Europe back
It's raining. Move your damned car.
Why he doesn't copy off me anymore.
Cheap Ass Pays Double
So, I got a little carried away cause Bruh_man called me a whore
It started out petty, anyway...
This got me expelled from high school.
Parking Lot Pettiness
Words becoming actions
Petty Revenge in Iraq, Pizza Hut style!
An older revenge story. It's a little long.
Stolen ashtrays
Running in the hallway? Not on my watch!
Drug Test Revenge
Oh, here, let me fix that for you.
The Burger From Hell./
Park like an asshole? Ok.
I drive slow. Deal with it.
█▓▒50 ฿itcoin + Free extra 2 ฿itcoin=$1799 (www.bitswing.com) [delivery in 5 minutes]no phone call for verify,no personal information need 2 ฿itcoin=$169.99 5 ฿itcoin=$359.99 20 ฿itcoin=$999.99 www.bitswing.com 30 ฿itcoin=$1299.99
Basketball revenge.
Homeless revenge, potential douchebaggery ensues
Spoiled Hillbilly Child
I loved my boss. But not in a deep burning way.
Sibling bickering
When people don't read the "parking for customers only" sign (x-post from Tales from Retail)
Mischievous Computing
Dropping dog poop in my empty trash can? Have some poison ivy with that.
I Hate Vultures
my candy b***h!
Petty revenge for shitty parking...Have a nice day
This isn't so much a petty revenge, but it's my proudest.
Late Night Food Delivery
Customer refuses to pay; car gets hit in parking lot
The Candy Raid
Revenge at a Red Light
Passive Aggressive Neighbor
My Awesome Grandparents and the Hot Chocolates
Does it taste like Mountain Dew? NO! It taste like salty revenge.
Blondes, broads and babes
I'm only learning, God dammit!
School Revenge
They ruined our paintball field and bike trails, so we ruined _everything_
Park like an ass, and everyone will know it.
So you want to sit in the home team's stand and swear around my little brother?
A pair of track shorts
You rob me; I rob you harder.
Shook 'em like a red-headed step child
Dont fuck wit my moms house
Splash me? Enjoy my fist.
Anybody have any hood revenge ideas for somebody who lives states away?
Used to bully me in school? Oh how the tables turn :)
Put the toilet seat down!
Don't call me cheap.
Meddling neighbor cuts down our trees because he hates them.
People Kept Stealing My Coffee Creamer From The Fridge At Work.
Share the Road You Piss Poor Porsche.
I key cars all the time.
You get me chewed out for BS, I will make "crazy eyes"
Relentless woman's group
It was all worth it
Never replace anything in the house?
You need to get to class? Well, no clapping for you.
Fox ***** McCloud.
Malicious, teenager picks on me as a kid. Teach him a little lesson in humility.
So, I was kind of a dick when I was in high school...
The long game. Pretty revenge 10 years later.
Bathroom Revenge
Steal my reindeer and vodka? Merry Christmas, asshat.
Deadbeat roommate, a revenge 3-for-1
Asshat drivers...
Stupid Lane Changers
Kris Kross will make you jump jump
Splash me? Enjoy your flat tire.
Incompetent, back-stabbing coworker.
Don't fuck with an Australian. Mate.
I wanted to leave you alone, but I had to cut your power.
Take two spots instead of one, enjoy your surprise.
Here's your change...
abusing people who you ask for help~!
Just little things I do to a bitchy neighbour
You want coffee? I'll give you coffee.
The Salamander
Asshole Driver
Failed petty revenge: caught stealing a condescending server's pen
What's the date?
If you delete other people's work, you're gonna have a bad time.
rubbed my friend's toothbrush in my ass because he was an asshole
Stop me from sleeping? Have some penis.
Cantankerous old sow - More petty revenge at the dump.
Is there a subteddit to learn and request revenge tactics?
My boyfriend has been annoying lately.
Simple, yet satisfying.
Hey! Hey! Shut up!
Newspaper revenge
Took a braggart down a peg.
My friend is brilliant. He has a wingnut employer who runs his business like a tyrant. He's taken to teaching him quotes from famous dictators.
Send dung through the mail (not a story)
You shouldn't have stole from me.
Roommate likes to sleep, so I let him
I will shame you...
█▓▒50 ฿itcoin + Free extra 2 ฿itcoin=$1799 (www.bitswing.com) [delivery in 5 minutes]no phone call for verify,no personal information need 2 ฿itcoin=$169.99 5 ฿itcoin=$359.99 20 ฿itcoin=$999.99 www.bitswing.com 30 ฿itcoin=$1299.99
Guess College Kids Aren't Fit To Live With
You don't mess with the person who cooks.
Enjoy your chocolate. Muahahaha!
If you want to be treated as an adult, maybe start by setting an alarmclock.
Drink my booze, will you? Enjoy my Foot Vodka
Excuse me, you forgot your litter
Revenge on the boss
Douche parking,
Albert Lambert it is!
Smoking Revenge
Cuss me out and act like an idiot in public? That's fine...
Wolf howl
How to deal with horrible bosses
Don't litter around me.
Sweet bike lock vengeance
Don't pay the bill, don't get electricity
My revenge against a customer.
Petty Revenge Driving Tactics
I'm just itching for you to leave.
Loud TV
Revenge on my manager
Revenge on a thief
Bicycle petty revenge
Petty revenge on my own kid
My Petty Revenge
my first act of petty revenge
Getting Chaos From Chores Equals A bit of Petty Revenge
The Petty Revenge that arrived on its own.Our neighbors are crazy.
Bouncer won't let us in so we called the owner.
A downvote in time saves nine
Enjoy the spike on your bill.
My father is an asshole I truely admire
He will know
Revenge is a dish best served with sprinkles.
House Exchange Revenge.
I am slowly driving my terrible housemate insane by turning off the hall lights
Roommate eats like a broken vacuum in the middle of the night.
Revenge on German Class Partner
I'm sorry, but its for your own good.
Don't sit at the end of the rows.
Petty at a young age.
Leave me for a crazy? I'll feed into her strengths.
College Dining Hall Revenge
Laundry room etiquette
Make me wait? Have a taste of your own medicine.
The passive aggressive scrawl
You almost hit me, and then expect me to help you?
Desk Receptionist Revenge.
Less respect for me? Less quality for you! (X-Post from TalesFromTechSupport)
Suitemate trimmed his hair, so I ruined his life
If you can hit the ball 300 yards I will give you the club...
Roommate bails on a lease, leaves us hanging.
Seeking Revenge Schemes
Flatmate hides a bill from us, ends up paying for all of it
School Bus Revenge
You want your $20? Here's your *bleep*ing $20.
Lame Mcwork story
"pettyrevenge" or just being a jerk?
Give me a concussion? Considee yourself off the team
Fiancé loves socks so I throw them away.
Saw this on a friends Facebook...I thought it was worthy
Rude bitches get my vengeance!
Shove me out of the way, will yah?
What a long and petty strange trip its been...
Shitbag ex-gf won't leave my life - commence Operation: Enable
Bitch.
Cheat on me? I'll ruin your ID Photo.
Let's be rude and inconsiderate? Sounds like a great idea!
Moms are the worst roommates.
A slice of (petty) revenge
Drummers will understand..
Shove my arm off the arm-rest ehhh?
My girlfriend works with a woman who's husband is cheating on her. She gets her revenge in ways like making meatloaf out of dog food. (More stories inside) He is going on a "business trip" with one of these women. What are some ideas for helping her get revenge?
Confession of Revenge (X-post from advice animals)
I'll ruin your prank...twice
Redifining the bitch slap.
A collection of small revenges on a lazy sister
Christian man Denied! (PR version)
Cross-post by request. My girlfriend HATES it when the toilet paper faces the wrong way around. I've been doing this every time I replace it.
Petty revenge at the bike rack.
Only nice people deserve potato salad
Bicycle Revenge
Your stereo system has nothing on my guitar amp
Go out of turn at a 3-way stop and flip me off? Enjoy your dented trunk.
Oh, so you like my homemade wine?
Oh, you have a "300" watt Pioneer stereo, with "big" speakers... How cute...
"Do you have any proof?"
Being a dick? Find your own way home...
Found out SO lied to me, I delete collection
the sins of the father are to be laid upon the (kitten)
If you use mine, I'll use yours.
Selfish sorority girl gets a taste of my [petty] wrath
What should I do for revenge on my sister
sementanks.com
Insane roommate
I Drove a Girl to Prostitution
Don't take advantage of my kindness in the queue
No more prayer for you, you backward-ass zealot.
Was told you guys might like this! (x-post from r/Talesfromyourserver)
Cuss me out? Enjoy your nasty ass money.
How can I get cold, petty revenge?
dear roommate, go fuck yourself.
Be a dick to my hubby will you? NO CAKE FO YOU
Silly one way subwoofer competition
Brave fight-stopper "accidentally" gets boogers on nasty coworker
Mother Nature loves petty revenge too
Don't take my stuff especially after I said "No"
No candy for you!
Accidentally told the recipient of my incoming revenge, didn't matter!
Swift hand of Busjustice--BUSTICE
Enjoyed making your concert experience un-enjoyable.
My mum was taking her anger out at me...
IF YOUR BROTHER Steals someones girlfriend dont eat at the restaurant he's the manager of.
Ah, so you're gonna be rude? Have fun explaining why that one assignment isn't with you.
Small, but satisfying.
Unintentional revenge on a food-stealing sister
No butter for me? Slightly less grass for you!
Ok I just want some petty revenge on my little (28 year old) brother. A crowd-sourced phone bomb, please.
Want to smoke cigarettes on a smoke-free campus? I'll ruin your cigarette and your day.
Hope you got towed.
Don't wanna break down your boxes? I will use your dumpster.
Bully who got the ultimate pay back....
Petty revenge on student-hating conductor
You're too lazy to get your own food, huh?
If you act like a child at work when you are grown man.
Petty Revenge(s) on Boyfriend
Dealing with the Human Resources department...Is a smiley face pettyrevenge enough?
Neighbor refused to turn music down.
You're late to request a meeting, you'll get a useless email.
Having sex loudly? I'll fix your dinner.
Don't make me bring your clothes to school
Poopie Toothbrush: Petty revenge on my own kid
Go out of your way not to sit next to me, don't get registered
Dinner revenge
Only one right answer?
I got my revenge for being bullied last year.
Don't honk at me
█▓▒50 Bitcoin + Free extra 2 Bitcoin=$1699 (www.bitswing.com) [delivery in 5 minutes]no phone call for verify,no personal information need 2 Bitcoin=$135.99 5 Bitcoin=$299.99 20 Bitcoin=$878.99 www.bitswing.com
Try to run over pedestrians? Time for petty revenge!
Petty Revenge on a bicyclist... though he didn't seem to think so.
Pass an ambulance? I'm gonna get you towed
Merging revenge
The refrigerator is a communal place
Fuck you, pawn shop.
I accept your hours of sleep as compensation for doing the dishes
Really petty revenge
Suitemates never do their share...
Quite a 'shocking' tale, Pardon the pun
Don't be a dick, I'll make you fat.
Still happy, de(spit)e you!
Karma is a cloud of of baking powder
Not-so-ex-girlfriend
Request: She ruined my birthday, now I want to ruin hers. Any advice?
So some teenagers were heckling me while I was setting up to record a dance video ( x post )
Oh, so you want to cut around the line of traffic with your escalade limousine when the lanes are merging ahead and get back in line infront of me?
Server Etiquette Is Actually Your Job
"Justice" is served
Put your stuff away or deal with the consequences.
Should I begin petty revenging my roommate and his fat lazy whale of a girlfriend?
So petty, so fulfilling!
Evil drive-through woman
Bitch at me over the phone like it's my fault?
College Party Throwers vs. Weekend Campers
With road rage like that, no wonder your car is banged up.
You bring a stripper home? No sleep for you!
The 3 Seconds You Tried to Save Turned into a 15 Second Delay
My Awesome Grandma
Early Morning Layover
Guy tossed a cigarette butt; it irked me.
Don't take care of your pet? Guess you don't get the look you want!
Chronicles of the housemate's ex
Several vs Housemate's ex
Enjoy your squished burger, McRudePants.
Soap for sass? Try your own medicine!
Petty revenge for a stranger
Can I bum a cigarette?
Douchey Driver is Douchey.
I don't take no for an answer when I'm right.
2 cents worth of revenge.
Self checkout at Kroger
Wanna be a jackass in class? Now you're the jackass who watches iCarly.
The penny gumball machine
MMORPG Revenge - In due time
Concert Justice
Not really done to him, but still feels good.
Petty revenge in its truest form
Why do fat people always drive tiny cars?
Douchebag waiter gets his comeuppance
Wobble pan
Revenge is a dish best served with guacamole
Garage revenge I knew nothing about. Initially.
Ahem, you are blocking my view of Muse.
Avenge me! (Facebook harassment)
Petty revenge on loud roommate
Act like the world revolves around you? Enjoy your poop shower.
You either win the game of mobility scooters or you diet. (Greentext story Xposted from /fatpeoplestories)
Three weeks plus a day ... (or two)
Roommate won't let me sleep
Carrying On Over Carry Outs, Or, Making Liquidation Work For Me. (x-post from TalesFromRetail)
Got sick of seeing ignorant bullshit pop up on my newsfeed from this person, so I decided to educate them.
I asked you nicely not to park there
Petty Revenge on an obnoxious car driver
Blow straw wrappers at me will you?
Pizza Delivery Girl Petty Revenge
Working in the drive thru
You and your wife are assholes
Apparently I'm feeling passive-aggressive today.
Redecorating a coworker’s cubicle. The Kitten Whisperer!
Public toilets shouldn't be used as phone booths
Never betray me.
Punch me again. Go ahead. Do it.
I put kitty litter in my neighbors' mailbox because they were loud and kept me up all night
Just started a job in Customer service returning emails, answering phones... I get my revenge all day on rude people
This kid called me gay so I fucked his girlfriend.
Ask and you shall receive
Jogger's petty revenge
Entitled and rude on the phone? Now your whole family knows you were snooping around.
Take that bitchy teenage sister!
Guy on train was being an asshat to me in the middle of phone calls. I lean in towards him and shout into phone 'Your friend is a real asshole!'
The pettiest of revenges
Extra-spicy Revenge (WARNING: LONG)
Crazy neighbors petty revenge falls apart
A revenge story for the ages.
Not This Time! ~ The revenge of an Englishman in Amsterdam
Don't be rude to your flight attendants, either, please.
Can someone please help me get revenge on a drug dealer?Movie Theater Revenge
disabled a user's spam filter for being demanding and dishonest
Wake me up from my nap? Well no ticket for you!
To lazy to drag your stroller upstairs to your 3rd floor apartment? Now you think you don't have it!
Be nasty to me? I will literally make you pay
petty no kitty
Somethingsomethingsomething? BobloblawBobloblaw!
Short me by $.24, Ok.
Just witnessed some delightful petty revenge on a shitty neighbor
Petty rental car revenge
Bleach my clothes? You just got devastated from 5000 miles away, bitch.
Screw our hands? Well, screw your eyes!
First time standing or for myself paid off.
Cut in line? Good luck shoplifting!
Never be rude to a teenager making your food late at night.
Dear /r/pettyrevenge, I need your help.
I'm not proud of it, but I did it (minor road rage story)
I seek revenge on my lazy coworker in the most passive way
The know-it-all who knows it all
Some petty laundry revenge on my housemate
glass is hard to clean.
Being racist in the bathroom? Have fun being suspended!
The City of Potholes
Revenge in the gym parking lot
I'm not sure if this is pettyrevenge or pettyjustice.
I'll teach you to recycle..
Cheaters don't deserve comics.
Cheaters don't deserve comics.
My replacement is PISSED. (Wall of text)
Petty Revenge on a horrible teacher.
Please take only ONE parking spot!!
Rage Monster confronts me in a parking lot, stranger provides his just deserts.
When you're a douchey college student...
Accidental Revenge on Jerk Chemistry Teacher
"What are you gonna do lady, call the cops?" YEP!
Professor gets what's coming.
Don't be in such a hurry
Here, have a parking ticket!
Drunk douche spills my new, full beer at a dance party.
So you want to steal my controller asshole?
Roommate doesn't feel like cleaning up bathroom germs so I put bathroom germs on her.
Revenge on a sister, good luck sleeping...
Doughnuts
Was rude to a cashier...petty revenge was served.
Subtle, but oh so sweet.
You tried to pick a fight with me for a petty reason? I can be petty too.
I'm too important to wait for you
Mr Business on the phone in the bathroom
Your carmax, my dear.
Its what happens when you prevent me from getting my bike out.
Stupid Parkers
Toy(let) Story
The story of the Scout-haters.
Petty Collateral
Taught a classmate some humility.
So long as you're paying for the time I'm missing
Caught my coworker... red-handed
Grumpy old man on the train
Don't take up all the pavement.
The text bomb
Wait your damn turn to get off the expressway like the rest of us
A Tom &amp; Jerry Kid gets her revenge.
The Douche who would like an interview.
Door has closed; it then shall not open
Trying to sleep, here!
Not that I feel particularly aggrieved by my current work
Disgusting dressing gown disposal
Father's revenge on his wasteful son.
Petty slurpee revenge.
I no longer forget my passwords.
The pettiness is strong before coffee.
Job Interview Revenge
I said I wanted *extra* onion!
Ignore it, but I feel better.
Barfly Drunkards
Take that, you bitchy waffle waitress.
Burritos
Forced Lazy, Cheap Landlord to make Repairs by Involving the City Housing Inspector (New Jersey)
Revenge dump
I turned my kids into chemical weapons.
Damn double parker again
no really... my apartment really has these giant bugs
Oh. You want to leave the line while I'm ringing you up because you want to go get boxes and see if you can go get some coupons to rummage through so you can save a buck?
You don't know the meaning of petty, Nick. Not yet, at least. -Me, circa eight years ago
Birth of the Unplug Ninja
Final Report Revenge
Hey little duckies.
I took the liberty of watering your orchids for you!
Enjoy your night, crazy lady.
Not so mice revenge on crappy landlords
Revenge fufilled!
Black Jack Revenge
Precious BMW taking up two spots?
Wanna slow me down? Allow me to light your way.
As petty as they get
Stop slamming my car with your door..
My petty revenge on a racist client
Rainy Revenge
Arrested, bitch! (X-post /r/pettyrevenge)
I get vindictive if my sleep schedule is messed with.Enjoy your ride!
Posted pictures of a FB conversation I had a overall bigoted guy I knew in high school.
DISHWASHER REVENGE...
FIL will never say my son looks "gay" again.
Landlord revenge
Self important prick gets utterly petty revenge
The amazingly imploding company
Wanna ride my bumper? You wait then.
Neighborly revenge
Revenge on The Landlord
Paperwork problems?
petty revenge idea
That's what you get for you snide ass jokes.
My petty revenge on the Lipstick Bountyhunters
Petty coffee revenge.
racist volleyball kid
My revenge against a shitty WoW guild
I see your barking dog and raise you my angle grinder.
Wee Bit Impatient, Hmm?
Revenge for petty revenge (followup on "ill teach him to scare the living s*** out of me"
What's that unusual flavor?
My client is a jerk, so I tp’d his house.
Queen of entitlement gets put in her place
5th Grade Runescape Drama
Reddit, I need your help to expose this guy who claims to represent the LADWP and is blackmailing my family business.
Bike Theft
You think you're time is more important? NO DEBIT CARD FOR YOU!
No sir, I cannot fit into a 1 inch gap between our cars.
"The Parking Lot is My Kid's Backyard"
I used to own my own cleaning business
The longer it takes to exact revenge, the sweeter it is.
Squeaky stylus
Revenge most prime
Want to block my walkways with your bikes, eh?
Take your balloon kicking somewhere else.
My SO's Roommate Is A Pig
Pass everyone on the shoulder? Not if I can help it.
Boyfriend and I were together for a year. Right after I was diagnosed with chronic seizures and many other things..
Driving company truck? Better obey road rules. [Pics]
Oh, were you on a diet? My bad.
Passive Agressive to the max!
Educating people on what happens when they park badly.
Don't mind me, just passing through
This didn't happen to me, but it's a great little story from elementary school of a teachers revenge against a parent who parked in the teachers only parking lot.
Waste my time? I'll waste yours
Don't park in my spot!
Petty revenge on a small business owner
Always tip your server
Hood Ornament
That'll show him!
Cutting the noise at a motel
Learn from your mistakes
Don't cut in line at the bar, bitch!
Wait for it... trust us.
How Gabriel Iglesias gets revenge at the drive-thru
3 1/2 years worth of continued petty revenge
Ditch me for *pancakes*? I'll show you!
There will be no sound wars in this complex.
Ill teach him to scare the living s*** out of me.
Roommate drinks my juice and said I can't because he ran out of milk and doesn't like my lactose free milk.
Don't shoplift on my shift, bitch
Don't shoplift from me bitch
Boyfriends petty revenge at work
Beware the Wrath of Short People!
The office bully gets what's coming.
Water Wars
New Upstairs Cloggers
Don't take other people's laundry out of the dryers!
Douche at concert
Park badly will you?
Bad driver payback
A Father's Revenge
The bicycle basement is for everyone...
You keep me awake? I do the same thing!
You'll never find them.
Arrested, bitch!
Another tale of petry revenge in a movie theatre
Petty revenge on a bookstore boss
Never leave your shopping cart in a parking space
Not going to let me by? I can wait
help me get revenge on this person who scammed me. prank call this number. 786 797 4399
Douchebag private school kids try to get on my bus, I make them wait.
Tales of Student Elections
I love being this petty.
Roommate argues like a child instead of settling things like an adult.
Ok, fine, I'm gone then.
We share a bathroom..
Did this to yourself
Juggalo attempted to scam me; Scammed him back
worth the pain.
Eat Your Peas B**** (x-post from TFR)
Showing her ass...
Scoff at my efforts, will you? Rather walk, would you?
Working Two Jobs
Taking advantage of the shoe shine guy? Really?
Roommate ate my Hot Pockets, so I moved out.
I hope you like expensive ham
Petty revenge in the movie theatre.
Store manager's petty revenge on annoying customer.
Me and a motelI have always had a noisy neighbour living upstairs from me, what do I do?
We're a pretty boring couple... Adventures in passivity
Don't be rude to a complete stranger...
Slowing down a buffet shrimp-shamer
Advice on how to deal with bitchy neighbours downstairs?
Call support pettiness for lazy end users
The pettiest of revenges on a stranger on the train
Do you hate motorcycles too? You will love this tale of revenge.
REDDIT, HELP ME! I want mild revenge on a house-mate that isn't a friend, just an acquaintance.
My mother always told me to kill my enemies in sweetness...
Good Dog!
Don't cheat on your wife before an important career meeting.
Don't fuck with my favorite shirt.
Class time vengeance
Crazy Bums Shouldn't Swear at Children
Mess up my lunch order? You get yelled at, and I get my lunch for free.
My mom's petty revenge against overweight passengers.
Won't stand let me pass? Your drink is the collateral damage
So petty she probably didn't even notice.
Insist on tailgating? Enjoy your wait.
Make sure you don't drop anything, bitch.
Don't fuck with my build-a-blocks: A 7-year old's tale of revenge
As a waiter...
Douche bag parks car infront of our garage.
All My Indifference are Belong to You.
A cop's awesome petty revenge
I'm sorry, I can't hear you.
Sucky Wanna-be co-worker.
Try this next time you're tailgated
Enjoy your drink!
Childhood revenge is either cute or cruel. I'm pretty sure this is just petty.
Overpaying your employees doesn't give you the right to treat them like shit
Don't rsvp? No boxes for you.
Revenge against lying to and betraying a loyal customer.
The annoying brother
Do your dishes.
Neighbours part 2
Neighbours
My roommate's been an ass lately.
The signs say "NO TRUCKS ON LEFT LANE", idiot.
Be nice to your pizza delivery driver
Kid's Trap Backfires
Small personal petty achievement.
Stick your foot in my mouth, you can wait as long as I feel is necessary.
Loud screaming woman's encounter with the cops
My Toll Experience
Petty revenge on neighbour
+$300
Unsupervised teenagers at a concert.
Don't be rude to the interns.
Too literal
Vengeance (and double time) are mine, sayeth the editor.
Petty Revenge at loud moviegoers
Poop, pillow, Facebook
Leave your soap in the (public) shower? Here, have some pubes.
Letter of praise backfires...
Someone complained that WE (pettyrevenge) weren't very mature with our reactions
Climb on my shed, eh?
Don't tailgate me.
Public bathroom lights.
Hope you enjoy your drink!
Stupid dogs...
Chem Lab Revenge (Safe for Lab)
Driver gets a taste of his own medicine.
You think you can cut me in line because you are a hot chick?
Enjoy your wait. &lt;3
Revenge Is A Dish Best Shaved Cold.
Revenge is a dish best served cold.
It Must Really Suck Making That Second Trip.
The last time I ever got truck-washing duty.
Wake up call
Don't mess with my birthday camping trip!
It is always important to wait your turn
Garage Sale Directions
Confetti party!
Unplanned anger at Planned Parenthood (Not sure where to put this...)
Ding MY door, will you?
Nasty supervisor gets a nickname
Roommates keep leaving laundry in washer.
Treat me like a servant? ENJOY YOUR WARM WATER BOTTLE!
death by ghost peppers
I've got friends.
Batter up!
Have fun being slightly confused in the bathroom. Jerk.
I make a arsehole driver nearly get hit by a bus and then go in the wrong direction
Revenge on a horrible driver.
Make his orders take 10 times longer
No key for you
Jerk neighbor tried to make us tear down our shed
So, you think there's nothing I can do, huh?
Revenge for whiney prat of a sister?
Revenge for guy on bus who verbally abused some kids.
Take that you old hag!
I was down sized yesterday from a big electronics store (x post from r/self)
Petty revenge on my cheese snob of a sister
My brother is too lazy after work to cycle 1 kilometer
Revenge is a dish best served glittery
Racist girls on a coach lose their bags
Not really revenge, but I made his day.
Made phone Scam idiot's day weird.Revenge Request: Piss in a Bottle
Neighbor kept threatening to tow my friends car and file trespassing charges against them, so I took care of it for them
Next time do your own homework.
Revenge in the Drive Thru
someone was being a twat in the parking lot so I make their life a living hell for the next 5 minutes.
Oh You're a Crane Operator Huh...
Oh you need directions, please let me help!
People need to learn how to park
Terrible roommates don't deserve to play with my cat
I don't really like my former landlord
Don't have time to do your choirs, let me make some time for you!
Girl at my college finds out people don't love snotty attitudes past high school
Revenge on tourists
Petty Cashier
The pettiest of revenge.
"Voulez-vous coucher avec moi, ce soir?"
Guy gets petty with rude cashier
Douchebag customer gets put in place
Revenge is a Pizza Dish Best Served Warm
Anyone know how to get sweet revenge on a cheating boyfriend?
Petty Revenge on a dirty roommate
Prank on a teacher
Accidental parking revenge
Rotten duck for slum landlord.
I prefer my quesadillas without dried leaves, jerk.
Annoying rich drama queens on a trip
The Theraputic Wait
Petty revenge on obnoxious hotel guest
Creepy Weirdo Revenge
Great revenge against a cheap, scamming boss.
Unplanned revenge on a pushy police officer (X from tifu)
Damn Temperature-Nazi Roommate. He'll think twice next time.
Fuck me out of 70 dollars will you?
I may be your red-headed step-child, but now I'm smarter than you.
Enjoy being distracted through the whole movie.
Entitled customer gets what she deserves
I've been petty all day today to those scummy Winks.
Asshole gets a rough lesson about cutting in
Leave the phone at home
I dare you disagree with me today
I graduated a year ago and still haven't found a full-time job so my parents kicked me out today..
Post office prick
Keep your high-beams on will you?
Revenge, cat-style
Help me brainstorm some petty revenge for the recycling scavengers who make a mess of my garbage every week.
More Corn Please
Have fun pealing them off each other!
Finally found the perfect revenge for a bitchy ex
Terrible parker feels my revenge.
Music.
Sick of sink of dishes
Spring Cleaning
Sharing old stories with my family today reminded me of my step dads awesome pretty revenge (#roadrage).
You asked for it.
Don't be an asshat to your lab partner
It's like I'm not even doing anything.
Minty Revenge
A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.
Just go ahead and leave that right there.
Laugh at my intelligence, will you? Then screw you?
Buy me cheap food?
Rich People Who Expect Other People to Acquiesce to Them
No one takes my candy!
Spell wrestle!
Knotty or Nice: Dorm-Room Hostel Revenge
Patience
You parked illegally? Not my fault.
April Fools Revenge on nagging OCD roommate
Ugh coworkers
Lie to me about your drugs?
When my girlfriend broke up with me I shaved my facial hair because she liked it.
The Girl Who Cried Framed!
Slow and delicious petty road revenge.
Get your own water!
laundry reVeNgEeEeeE
Pringles and Mountain Dew
Petty Revenge on Crazy Roommate
Revenge on lazy coworkers
I tried to be nice, but you just had to push it.
Oh, you wanna make me feel like crap for doing what I said I was going to do? Get ready to feel completely horrible.
Science of Petty Revenge.
"I'll goto Hungry Jacks for my coffee then!" (xpost from /r/TalesFromRetail)
Don't bitch to me about wasted product.
I just withdrew from a class to avoid failing an assignment tomorrow morning that four other people are counting on me finishing. [X-post from /r/confession]
Karma doesn't go that way.
You don't judge a book by its cover...or do you?
Housemate was playing loud music at 10 PM last night so this morning I decided to hoover at 6.30.
Ex-girlfriend who introduced me to reddit cheated...regularly downvote all her posts and comments.
Obey my compulsive need to organize things!!
Hit me I stab your beer.
That will learn you pen stealer!!!
friend used me, so i used the guy she loved (kinda NSFW)
Delicious bacony revenge
Two epic stories or a girl fighting against her bullies
Offer me a lift then say no?
Photobomb
Do your dishes.
Need a tissue?
Park like a jerk, will you?
The last time you'll spank me.PR idea request: Meathead at gym who never wipes down machines or re-racks weights.
Trapped
Spill my beer, sounds like a good idea
Oh you want to jump the queue do you?
My roommate is a shithead
Milky vengeance
Road Rage
I don't think he understands the meaning of Non-Profit! Assistance needed!

Fuck you and your shitty dubstep
You're too heavy to crowd surf! 
Shitty Librarian
Don't Touch My Water
Salad revenge
Flatmate thought he could sneakily use my computer, so I made him a new facebook banner.
don't bitch at my dogs for doing what dogs do
Bankers revenge.
Junk mailing an ex?
If your going to mistreat your pet someone might take it off you.
Silence is golden. French fries are golden too.
Cut in front me for a drink? Go Right ahead
Oh yeah? Well, fork you!
Get out of the fast lane
Aggressive tailgating assholes annoy me.  Finally snapped.
Not sure if revenge, but it's definately petty.
BMW passes me only to suddenly stop, I make their next 8 minutes excruciatingly dull.
Ex-ski-uuuuuse me!
I get into a prank war - roommate gets caught in the crossfire. Hulk SMASH
Okay, don't wait for me. I'll catch up. Eventually.
Chewspit+road raging asshole=hilarity 
Make me late? I'll scruff your shoes!
Tailgate me? No passing for you!
Interrupt my lunch, will you?
Gummy revenge
Go ahead talk on your phone (x-post from r/talesfromretail)
How to get even with an a$$hole shopkeeper!
That time some girls tried to cone me
Cat sneeze.
Take that stepmom.
Sometimes karma just needs a push. Or a text. 
Impatient Driver Gets Scared
I need help with my downstairs neighbors. Any ideas?
Treat the cashier like crap, will you?
White powder in zip-lock bags?
Girlfriend with bad TV Taste
I'm sorry, say that again? 
When a letter matters...
Justice served to an injustice bus driver
Learn to be considerate.
Follow the rules of the locker room.
Home Brewed Soda
Want to pollute the air with shit conversation? Well two can play that game.
I put baby oil in their barbecue oil bottle
Door dinger revenge
You don't get the exclamation point.
The Books of Wrath
Inconsiderate Driver Meets an Inconsiderate Fate
Strangled this cocky little fucker
Long Term Petty Revenge
Petty revenge on an Aunt who disregards my college while not being all that educated herself
After reading about the other egging revenge, it reminded me of my own.
Popular donut shop gets a little ice for their coffee.
No coffee for you!
No pictures in the museum
Back to the Bank
Biology.
Sucker punched this little shit for egging my house twice.
Destroyed a cheating ex-girlfriend in multiple ways.
Watch out for nails!
How would you like your coffee? LUKEWARM??
Try turning this off
Revenge on my girlfriend's soon to be former roommate
Petty revenge on housemates asshole boyfriend
I'm a sick high school debater
Guy wouldn't let me live in his home so I became his humble neighbor (Minecraft)
He said that karma didn't matter...
Your wardrobe is gonna be the same color now, bitch 
Revenge never tasted so sweet.
Yes, we know you were texting, your face was the only one glowing. 
We ran out of money for food, and were low on sugar.
Don't Lie to Police - They Will Find Out.
Cover your coughs
No I don't think you need any caffiene
Almost 10 years of petty revenge now
Some scumbag petty revenge from when I used to work at WalMart
Karma's a bitch babe, and so are lice...
What comes around goes around
I don't appreciate lying customers
Enjoy your bananas...IF YOU CAN
Don't talk on your phone during checkout
Petty revenge on gas pump thief
I'm out y'all.  This place is emphasizing the 'petty'.
That guy does it right
Making a prissy winer's life as slightly inconvenient as possible
Let's see if you like waiting out in the snow
6 inches of revenge
The poor kids looked dead inside
Revenge on my boyfriend.
McCamomander Tea
44 Fluid Ounces of Revenge!
Revenge against my parentsPettiness Against my Parents
Revenge on Bratty Kids
Don't hit the party person
Getting even with a contentious bastard
Revenge on the dog shit neighbor
Revenge on my lazy brother
Revenge on a lazy customer
Petty bartender trick
"Excuse me, you're dog dropped something"
Pettiness on the bus
The departures lounge cunt.
First Class on a plane
I can't walk through your yard? Ok, I'll drive through it.
Petty revenge at a Catan game
Dog poops in my yard, I'll poop on your tires.
I didn't think "masking" my feelings was the right thing to do after roommates alarm went off at 8am on a Saturday
My teacher mad me mad.  Did I get revenge?   Its not too flattering.
My sister's been being a bitch lately
Sorry if this isn't the right sub, but....I need some petty revenge advice.
Failing fatty
Annoying Girl loses the annoying bounce in her step around me.
Gas Station pettiness
Asshat driver revenge.
People of Walmart Parking Lots
Slum lord revenge...
No raise again this year.
I deliver pizzas...
Petty Revenge on Halo Online
Rude customer in a rush is forced to wait for her damn door knocker
Thanks, Hanson!
Downstairs neighbour ran an illegal day care and would complain my kids made her job difficult.
picky sicky
Oh, you dropped your phone? I ain't picking it up.
New Perfume
Puppy Power
as petty as i can possibly be - a school bus revenge
I threw a dead rat embeebed with formaldehyde at my neighbor's barbecue grill...
Buy condoms
Old ladies and their purses
Petty revenge on a bully driver
If you wipe your mouth and butt germs on my cup, then I make you remake my order. Deal?
Tasty Revenge
Petty Revenge gone horribly wrong.
Petty Revenge on the Office Feminist
Kitty Revenge
Flatmate is left hung out to dry after prematurely removing my laundry from the tumble dryer.
Phone Number Revenge
"You need to move all your stuff out by tonight or we'll throw it away." pettyrevenge AND justiceporn present in this story.
My daughter's revenge on a cheating boyfriend.  
"Bittersweet" Revenge.
he loved that car more than he loved himself. 
Preemptive Fart
Common Courtesy 
Revenge is mine!!
Treat me subhuman? Prepare to have your time wasted.
More dormitory rage! (Continued from dryer rage)
Skateboarder gets rolled!
Want to brag about your awesome sex life?
What I did when my ex cheated
Bi the way, I got there first. 
Petty Poker Revenge
Benny and the $350,000 Subaru
Petty revenge against greedy landlord
I hope your car alarm killed the battery.
Jonas Brother Revenge
Retail revenge.
Rich Sorority Girl Learns a Life Lesson
It was about time
Supermarket Quandary: Where does the hand basket go?
Rip apart my trees, will you?
Revenge on landlord
Dont mess with me!!!
Dryer rage
Asshole landlord tried to get cute with me over a bedbug problem, didn't count on me being as unethical as he was.
What's that now you need my help?
do as the romans do, muhfuggah.
Perfect Parking
FB Revenge Against Misogynistic Assholes
Made my senior year a little brighter
This made my senior year 
Car prank revenge
[X-post from Advice animals] Theater revenge.
The Big Boss
You'll never get that 8 minutes of your life back, bitch
Thanks for getting that for me... nummnutz
City folks have no idea what they're doing? BURN BITCH.
Right Pass, Wrong Idea.
Got a phone call from this number: 814-289-8210
Wanted to start a prank calling contest
SUV vs. bike
Room mate stole my bread
Here, let me get that for you.
Traffic Revenge
Revenge on crappy housemates
Violate traffic etiquette?  NOPE.  Here, I'll help you take that exit you're trying to avoid.
Buying a grill at walmart
Stupid Kid on the train
Sweet revenge from the world of Recruiting
Smells like piss...
Revenge on a rude and obnoxious parent
Go ahead...call me fat.Rude biker customer revenge
need you guys to help me out with this ass clown.
How's that diet?
I hate street parking and I will do this again if necessary.
Don't date your mate's exes behind their backs
Don't mess up my windshield.
Revenge on a slum lord.
Revenge on an slum lord.
Revenge on a crazy manager
Revenge on boss
Fake ID, Fake Alcohol.
Petty revenge on the ex
Downvote revenge.
MADE WITH LOVE (NOT REALLY)
Great revenge story from The Moth
Extra Seats on an Airplane
Revenge on creepy nightclub guy
Roommate Revenge on an Ongoing Basis
Ice cold petty revenge. 
Get ready to look FABULOUS!
Aaaaaaannndddd SNAP!
Wait -- you didn't like one person's work, so to cover your ass you're firing six other people, too?
The Anti-Boomerang
The change game
Glitter everywhere
Bathroom Revenge
Miserly hardware store owner gets theirs. 
Divorce revenge (long story)
Don't let your dog shit around the house
My dad kept asking me to get him soda
Two can play the high-beams game.
In need of: iPhone Revenge!
Frogs and Peeing. 
Evil mother gets what she deserves. 
You let people cut in front of me, I'll fuck with your shampoo bottles. 
Try to push past me on the stairs, will you?
Don't treat your IT department like crap.
Parking Lot Petty Revenge.  Beep Beep!
Never Screw a Girl Over
Don't start shit, won't be shit
Cheat at cards, will you?
A girl trying to embarrass me.
A little revenge fun for your Friday
I don't know why, but I needed to show him up.
Hey revengers there's a subreddit for traffic stories /r/talesfromtraffic
Do Not Mess with the Paper Boy
You might get what you ask for...
petty revenge on some kid I don't even know
Leave the lights on will ya?
Don't be a bitch on the dancefloor. 
Ice Cream Shop Pettiness
She cheated on me with my roommate, then one of my friends, then my mom's boyfriend...
You're a horny guy on Omegle? I want to play a game...
Bookstore owner tried to rip me off, friends get some revenge.
Am I big man for picking on a 16 year old girl? Probably not, but I don't give a fuck.
Revenge on idiot driver. I owned him!X
Its a fuckin newspaper, lady
Petty Revenge against my boss.
Vegas or Bus-t
Red Dragon Revenge
Petty Revenge in School
I hope you like your bagels meaty.
Tailgate revenge with extra satisfaction
Annoying staple revenge
I will get paid for my work, even if it means my chainsaw gets wet!
Green Bean Revenge
Better "change" your attitude
Toothpick revenge...
Any suggestions? Plagiarizing coworker needs a dose of /r/pettyrevenge.
Help? On behalf of all the "watrons" &amp; restaurant staff in NYC, anyone have any ideas for petty revenge?
Don't be a bitch to trainees. 
I got a whole bag of down votes with your name on it!
Another Dog Poop Revenge Story
No, that's my dog's ball . . .
Housemate refuses to clean up after himself
Be rude, and they will make you pay
Mom's revenge
Free plants
Craigslist Revenge
Petty Bathroom Lock Revenge
Take away a day of my honeymoon? I'll make you buy everyone breakfast. (long but good)
Guess what time?
Petty tailgater revenge
Ratting out your sister never gets old.
Airport line cutter sweet sweet petty revenge from 12 year old me.
I need some sadistic options for my friend who handed me a spoiler to Starcraft 2: HoTS.
"Piping" up for the Neighbourhood
If the shoe fits...
How I never had to make a sandwich for my brother again.
Bus Driver Revenge
Short and sweet IT
Dog park revenge
Petty Pitcher Putdown
Sharing is caring
Making a tailgater look stupid, all for my own amusement
Cheating fiance won't give me my ring back.
I took the last leg he had to stand on. 
Tattle Teller
[UPDATE] My roommate was hospitalized today. I am not upset. In fact, I'm about to make it worse and the asshole deserves it.
UrinalGonna strand me outside the shower with a head full of bleach? Prepare to freeze!
Avenge me, my six-legged minions! (kinda long)
The smallest changes are often the most effective
He took my seat, I took his dignity.
Back in the dial-up and land-line phone days, I had some p(r)etty revenge. 
He cheated with you? He cheated on you.
STEAL FROM ME?! It'll come back to you...at your wedding.
TIL it's /r/pettyrevenge and not /r/prettyrevenge.
Football player is mocked for missing a penalty by a player from the opposing team.  The player who originally missed scores shortly after and celebrates in front of the player that mocked him.
Dear AnyonebutPenthouseForum...
No bonus for you, douchebag coworker.
Girl tries to guilt trip me on something that's none of her business, then I make it her business.
Time to be petty a the revolving door
You took the last cupcake? I'm going to get your hopes up and then crush them.
Ticket Office Revenge
The dinosaur Debacle
very funny petty revenge (at least in my books)
sandwich shop
Double Screwdriver &amp; a French Dip?
This is what you get for being such an ungrateful person.
Got the ASB President impeached after he sprained my wrist. (Long)
Enjoy the dangerous blades, asshole. 
Oh, this is how it's gonna be?
Don't park there
Snotty project manager
sometimes its the (very) small things
Comfy in your rocking chair?
My roommate was hospitalized today. I am not upset. In fact, I'm about to make it worse and the asshole deserves it. 
Karma takes care of my revenge
Revenge on Sophistry in Motion
Saving Wikipedia by Pettiness
Saving Wikipedia by Pettiness
Petty Rules Yields Petty Revenge
I've never felt more satisfied.
Pissing off piano teachers
You love me, you love me not x10? How about I give you an answer while you sleep.
Not 100% sure if this is the right sub but here goes anyway: My dad's tale of petty revenge.
How to turn $2.50 worth of work into revenge
The tale of the flinging pet poo.
I would like to get petty revenge with my roommates towels.
Loud music? Well f**k your nameplate then!
So an annoying kid shot me with a water gun...
Mom took my larger TV. Enjoy walking.
Bar Stools, Shots, Petty Comments
Don't be rude to people who you expect help from :)
Wheely chair revenge
Advice Needed
Petty revenge backfire
Enjoy staring at an empty landing
Revenge: Canadian Style (with no apologies!)
Fix your own computer!!!
Clean up after your pets
Gave him a hear of his own medicine.
Not sure who: Ex-gf, her silly, do nothing internet friends, or just an angry redditor. 
Yes, No, or @@&amp;$!
Don't let the door hit you on the way out
Disney World: The Pettiest Place on Earth
Oh you're gonna throw me out of the Army for being fat? Where's the paperwork?
Unwelcome guests
My story of revenge in the pettiest way possible. Never call me fat.
Petty pizza revenge
Are you gonna bark all day little doggie?
You don't mess with a man's water.
Be arrogant to me? 
So you want to illegally park in my parking spot? Hmmmm
Take THAT, ShitStore!
Illegal parking problem solved.
EX gets her just deserts
Oh, you're a RN, BSN? Don't care.
Oh... I don't have a ring? Will you marry me?
Security Shenanigans: How to deal with telemarketers and scammers (X-post from r/talesfromretail)
Steal my school supplies?  I think not!
Months-long parking struggle resolved with a tow truck
A little bus story.
Missing hot chocolate
Arrogant dick gets revenged!
some of my office petty revenge stories...
Rear end my car and drive off? Thanks for the nice gift, I'll return the favor.
This Is What Happens When You Act Like A Fucker
Justice served, ice cold
Want me to go to college? Fine.
Getting my petty revenge, one day at a time (parking tickets)
The pettiest of revenges
You should of just picked up your socks when you were asked the first time...
I like my seat
Is it even revenge if the victim never notices?
Super Bass... how about super evicted.
unforgiving
Petty revenge gone wrong
Help me get petty revenge on my neighbor
Don't mess with my pencils!
Don't be an ungrateful, self-centered jerk.
Exclusive Promotion Coupon (MYPCFreebies88) Value of 100GB Cloud Storage (US,UK,CA,AU,NZ,IRE)
Don't rudely yell at me
douchey driver runs a stop sign
Mechanic's revenge
"Wet"-ty Revenge
Self-righteous jerks in college.
Bank attempts to hassle my Grandpa, loses out on a lot of interest. 
Repeatedly disrespect my girlfriend? I don't think so...Annoying my cousin's husband.
Don't fuck with me in the car, or you will regret it.
Testing Day
All I asked was for an hour a day of not blasting fucking salsa music. 
Tailgating on the Interstate leads to 15+ miles of trolling
Judgemental salesman loses lots of commission
Revenge on Queue Jumper 
u/thenewaddition's wife criticises his lasagna and responds with the best petty revenge I've seen.
In my glove box
Nightmare neighbour revenge
Beach Boys concert
Put your goddamn sauces away.
Roommate is a cold bitch. All passive-aggressive ideas and cruel mind games are welcomed.
Don't butt in line bitch
My roommate is a cold bitch, seeking passive-aggressive revenge but I am sadly unoriginal. That's why god invented the internets and you wonderful bastards.
Minecraft players may or may not understand
Don't you ever take advantage of Aunt Jane.
Use your own printer
3rd Grader's Wrath
Let me play you the sound of Revenge
Bad Beef.
Etiquette on public transportation
Revenge on a former friend's girlfriend.
Flying Anyway 
So you won't give us those tacos you said we could get early?
F with my laundry? Oh hell no...
Another story about sibling revenge.
Late rent
Close friend refuses to do minuscule favor for me, tables turned a few months later
Office warfare? Don't start if you can't finish.
I won.
Project over spring break? Got my petty revenge
Sisters binder revenge
Roommates and revenge.
This was worth getting a wrench thrown at me
A little petty revenge puts a creep in their place
Biological Warfare
On the ex-girlfriend who admitted that she cheated on me, but really, "it was all my fault anyway"
She stole my coke so I soaked her in water.
Pissed in my sister's shampoo bottle for years...
Revenge on loser roommate
Small Water Heater and Lazy Roomates
Bus driver ignores stop signal. Justice must be served.
Dude who dumped me for "lying"
Words With 'Friends'
Bubbly Revenge
Petty revenge on a petty bus driver
[US ONLY] Get a Free NFL Jersey (Shipped within 3 days)
Tuesday Morning Carpentry
The Mail Thief: Return to Sender
So mulch anger
Revenge on Middle School Bitches
Cuddly toy whore revenge
Want to share my parking spot? Enjoy the flat tire.
Petty revenge on an incompetent bus driver.
Kindergarten Capers
Morning commuters and Biker's petty revenge on douchey LA Public Bus Driver
You should not park there.
Revenge on a ex coworkers slutty girlfriend.
Fair's Fair
Noisy in here...
/r/pettyrevenge, I need your help!
I bill checked a bill checker.
Yelling at some middle aged men. 
[Reddit what's the most passive-aggressive thing you have ever done? (Xpost from askreddit)](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/19lwt2/reddit_whats_the_most_passiveaggressive_thing_you/)
Cut in line of me will you?
Bored, with cold feet
The missing pacifier
The Case of the Missing Name Badge
I'm no idiot.
Nope, I didn't.
Cadbury Egg.
Don't you interrupt my study time
Housemate is inconsiderate and aggresive, gets cockblocked by landlord.
Just a little revenge against mom.
The fork
Wet Laundry
Nickeled and...Pennied.
Let me go potty!
Petty revenge fail (photo inside)
Petty Placement
5 year old revenge
Want me to do dishes? Sure...
I sincerely hope you win that election : )
Laundry room thief.
The joys of customer service..
Breaking Dawn Revenge.
She felt like such a badass.
This is what you GET
This guy is a parasite.
Oh, you can do that too?
My friend has a very unique way of dealing with gas stations that don't let him pay after he pumps.
All you had to do was say please
Scumbag radio station rips off wedding photographer's picture, insults her and gets fans to slander her on FB....she unleashes shitstorm
Bacon thief gets what's coing to him
Boom, I fucked your boyfriend. 
A Quick Petty Revenge 
Awesome HR guy tricks our terrible company into giving me a bunch of money
Don't fuck with my sleep
I feel like I may have overreacted. But fuck it. Bastard deserved it, but then again... don't they all?
"Wait... you're the real one?"
One of my prouder moments.
No Water For You
Advice needed from the Petty ones.
Saw a post that I didn't like.  So I downvoted it.
Don't insult my grandma's cooking
Petty Revenge on my Mother's Husband
Punch it, pass and get off my ass.
Going to ride my ass? Here ... let me slow down more!
Think you can get away with taking up 2 parking spaces?
petty revenge in bumper to bumper traffic.
Don't make fun of mentally handicapped people!
School Zones
Don't make fun of mentally handicapped people!
Petty revenge from the boss's son
Petty train station revenge
Revenge is a dish best served... homeless?
Petty Revenge against a high level player (World of Warcraft)
I saw that, Captain Douche, and I won't stand for it.
My "Bus Wankers" moment
Earning my parking spot
muahaha
I wouldn't park there if I were you.
Drunks in Daytona....
Another Dorm Revenge
My day in court
The most petty revenge can get. Enjoy your desk.
I will be extremely nice... at your expense.
Taking in the trash.
Guy runs over his friends phone after mocking friends and I on the road.
Pet-ty revenge
Lab partner needs to be put in her place. Suggestions?
Petty pinto bean revenge
Roommates get the final say in a mini power struggle
Evil asshat property manager has treated us tennants like shit for the last time.
You're a stupid drunk and I will ignore you forever
(requested X-Post from r/TalesFromRetail) Rip Stick Kids
...And now my neighbor has fish heads on his roof.
A small variation on tailgating revenge
The Mighty-Mighty Bosstones trifecta
Your cat deserves better
You asked for an everything pizza.
"Damnit, my shoe!" 
Dentist Revenge
Strand my girlfriend? Enjoy your hike.
Of Dancing Icons and French Keyboards
Traitorous brother and stepmother simultaneous dual revenge
Exclusive MyPC Backup 100GB Online Storage coupon (Store Files, Photos, Videos, Documents)
I really don't care if you're just running in for onesecond. 
Driving unnecessarily slow? So be it...
Dirty clothes call for dirty tricks
Getting called out for re-posting things from Reddit to Facebook.
The Case of the missing shoes
35 MPH Revenge, best served with a side of flashing lights
A taste for a taste
Haha, bitch!
She never payed me money she owed, I return kindness with poo
Nobody fucks with the Munchkin Master.
The Walking Dead is not more important than my essay. 
Don't Take Out The Trash? Fine then.
Restaurant Server Petty Revenge
Ultra-Petty revenge on a college roommate
How does that pavement taste?
25 cent Revenge on a Rude Customer
Co-worker is the anti-grandma who nobody likes and thought she could get away with pushing me around.
Petty Revenge in Spanish
You mess up MY trip to the zoo?!
Petty retail vengeance on a coworker.
Redefinition of Pillow Fight.
Rudeness Will Cost You 
Tourist trap gas station revenge.
Petty Pecan Revenge
Disrespect motorcycles, get blinded.
So you want to "bug" me every night?
I Figure /r/pettyrevenge Might Appreciate These Handy Labels...
And I don't plan on stopping.
GTA SA aids in my petty revenge
I feel pretty good about this one.
Petty revenge on a messy customer.
I Brew Petty Revenge Daily...
Need to borrow some money for doughnuts? Sure I'll just take my share then.  
Biological Warfare in Retail
Life's petty revenge
Good Times, Bad Times
My brother gets showered in petty revenge
The Whole Kiwi
Network Revenge
Cellulitis (Cell-u-lite-is): Inflammation of the cellulite.
Road Trip Rage
Was helping my brother to move his bed and remembered something..
Don't be loud and obnoxious
Check my Tab!
Principal gets it!
Killing 'em with kindness.
Bathroom Battle
Petty revenge on my coworker
Mischief Night Petty Revenge - ON ME!
Middle School Bitch
Clean up revenge in the gymWhat goes around comes around.
Revenge where it hurts
you wanna tailgate me? enjoy my brake lights....
Dude gets enraged over state's nickname. He calls me names I plaster him with photos of the nickname...feels good
OH! You thought I was going to pay you after that?
Terrible driver, terrible parent
My Dads Revenge
Greasy revenge
Petty revenge on easily distracted boyfriend. 
Almost got hit by a car
Ice Ice Baby.
Got scammed last year when I bought a car of Craigslist,the only thing I could do to feel better about the situation.
Macho Math Teacher Can Suck It
Yes, you WILL have to unpack that box!
A lesson on keeping things in perspective
Your rush is not my problem
Petty revenge against crappy bar staff. 
You don't scream while I'm getting my homework done...
You shall not pass!
Gonna be a hot time in the dorm room tonight!
A quintessentially Canadian revenge story. (Apology not included.)
Ripping Down My Damn Flyers...
Litterbug revenge
Parked in four handicap spaces because he "was just going in for a sec" ended up there for 4 hours
I'll just go the speed limit then!
Inconsiderate person left belongings and stayed signed in at a computer for over two hours while MIA. 
Rude patron
This wouldn't make a good class t-shirt.
Holiday Retail Revenge
Reckless, but still I think petty petty revenge.
Health Man at Wal-Mart: stay out of my way.
So you and your wife both like it hard?
The pettiest of revenges on an impatient driver
I never knew revenge so petty could feel so good. 
"I'm not looking to go that far" And neither am I
Roommate likes it too hot. 
Spoiler Revenge
Home intruder got whats coming 
Steal a theft 
The kids next door had a 'party' last night.
Bartender Sucks; Gets 2 Cent Tip
Another bad roomate, but fortunately not mine.
Justice served with a side of karma.
The pettiest revenge of all
Flashing red light means STOP before you turn...
Study supervisor put in his place
I found out who was stealing my gasoline 
The Great Egging Revenge of 2005
Sorry, we have that in stock.
You don't ignore a man with unlimited patience.
The whole restaurant mocks the annoying sound coming from a child's souvenir flute
Bait the Tailgate
Revenge on asshole competitor
Residential tailgater can eat my red lights
So you needed that info after all. Well, it is not mine to give. [x-post from r/ProRevenge]
Oh, sorry, did I drop your drinks?
Nyan revenge
Your language is bad, and you should feel bad
He broke the cardinal rule: don't mess with people who handle your food
MMO Ignorant Douche-lick
Frozen Yogurt Revenge: A dish best served cold 
Brothers and shit don't mix
Revenge on annoying coworker and I didn't have to lift a finger.
Sorry, I'm not supposed to work now! So I won't!
Quick friend owns grouchy janitor, all week long.
Effortless Revenge
It's okay to use the paper.
Bad service?  I will have my revenge!
I'm sorry but I'm busy buying books
Asshole to me?  NO POT FOR YOU!
I won't help you calm your children if you get exasperated when I'm being accommodating. 
It's the little things.
Sex? But I need the loo!
You want to be a nosey little bitch? Yeah, well do it somewhere else.
2013 Peuterey Outlet shop online
Parkington’s Disease.

I will scrutinise the shit out of you.
The library: where the rules concerning silence are made up and the walls are the thinnest on campus.
Petty Revenge Help
Don't be rude to me, brat. 
Be careful what you wish for, you just might get it. 
The douchebag roommate.
Why not swallow?
Now it's your turn to swallow
Toothbrush of revenge
No karma for you!
Paying my phone bill...with REVENGE!
Petty Break Revenge at work
My petty revenge on my brother
Petty revenge on my math teacher, who gave me bad marks on all right answers for not explaining "why". 
The stolen ID
Petty as can be
The Petty Revenge of a Security Guard!
Nerdy Card Game Revenge
decaf for everyone!
Need help coming up with petty revenge on boss
Craigslist scammer revenge.
Website blocked in United Arab Emirates - Owner flies there with printouts of the site.
Boyfriend's Petty Revenge 
As A Child I Was A Terrorist In A Water Fight"TITS or GTFO"
Baby revenge...
Turning down your fans is okay, but you crossed the line
Apparently I have some passive aggressive tendencies....
Parking Spot Standoff
Two chairs are better than one.
received change in $1s
Here are the labels you requested!
My petty revenge on a bad tipper and general douche
Dear scumbag COO, I am never not flipping you off.
Screw ewe!
Sweet, Sweet Revenge
Two dishes best served cold.
Scumbag Steve in Poland
No, I would not like to see if the other device is working.
Don't be a dick in the parking lot
The apartment isn't going to smell like death if I can help it. 
That's what you get, prick.
Racial mockery pay-back.
My moms petty revenge.
I think I may have been the victim of a petty revenge
I waited 2 years to get my revenge on my ex best friend. [NSFW]
Unnofficial bouncer gets his.
Kid gets me out in dodgeball, paid him in nickels.
The rules apply to everyone, not everyone but you.
Same roommate, got him twice
Don't ever violate the sanctity of my bed.
Petty Revenge on an entitled little brat at a birthday party...
I hope you like bending over
Petty revenge against a douchebag WoW guild.
Borderlands 2 Revenge
how to make quick service not so quick
I know where your staple gun is... No, you can't have it!
Phone operators need to be shown some respect too
Ditch me? Now you're not gonna be able to find your calendar.
annoying high school kids don't get to go to a concert
Enjoy my balls on your head, douche.
She lied.. So I got her fat.
Roommate CONSTANTLY kept the kitchen messy... so I got revenge.
NOBODY LIKES CRUSTY FRIES!
I finally found where I belong...
High beams highway revenge
Friendly little pranks between roommates escalates quickly when my roommate made an official declaration of war.
Backpack moron gets takeaway
Learn to say 'excuse me'.
Decorating the Museum Men's Room.
Lesbian lovers' quarrel
Delayed petty revenge, fifty years to be exact.
Learn some queue etiquette
Any hackers willing to help me out?
Don't have a key? Sorry not my problem 
Don't lean on a stranger and expect support.
Denied the epidural
Don't Flip off a Good Samaritan
How to prepare for revenge ahead of time.
Badmouth my best-friends sister will you?
Petty revenge meets bumming a cigarette
Be mindful of the people who clean up after you.
I don't know how petty this is, but it made me feel good. 
Hope it rains this week. 
I am a little proud and a little ashamed
Have your Iced Coffee bitch.
Killing Grandma with kindness (sorry for wall of text)
Petty crosswalk revenge
My upstairs neighbors freshman year.
Vet school cheater struggles when her strategy is revealed [long]
I want my 25p please.
Messed Up My Coworker's Section
Irritating Elevator Passenger
Don't fuck with the scheduler.
Cut my loud neighbors power. Oh yes.
but I don't WANT you to be my roommate!!
I released a song on my ex-girlfriend's 21st birthday.
if you don't mind doing me a favor
Puree Diet
A story my dad told me
"Break a leg, bug eyes."
A friend of mine was really douchey when he asked me to buy him a 6 pack of cloudy cider so...
help needed:  revenge on petty landlord
"No, play my song next!!!!"
If you aren't going to bother learning my name, I'm not going to learn yours.
Park like a jerk, will you?
Ex left me for some fat mexican with no job, no car, and no plans for his life... and I saw him the other day.
Petty Revenge on my Brother for his constant attempts at conversion
Fine, you bring them down. (Extremely petty)
Exposed landlord's pettiness through even pettier tactics.
I force my lazy manager to do something for once. 
Some petty "hair-raising" revenge on my sister
[META] Enough walls of text. 
Petty on Brother being an assbag
The FreeBird Bomb
Petty revenge on a dominant kitty
Petty revenge on a girl yelling at me for helping with her luggage.
Another tale about the Whiskered Wire Cutter
door holder's revenge
Petty Revenge on eBay
Blindly, through the fog...
Can anyone come up with something to help me get even with the neighbor that LOVES his new bass?
Silly little kid
Rig-diculous. Better Living Through Chemistry OR Notes to You.
Multiple Revenges: Barracks
There's a driver who speeds down my street .
Got canned from crappy job X-mas eve
Oh, you took my deodorant?
Slow download speed, hmm it's not my fault.
Series 7 karma
Maddox perpetrates the ultimate petty revenge on Dubai. 
Oh, you don't like my attitude?
Asshole can't return them now
"No , I don't have a dollar."
Monopoly money
So I did something amusing to a guy who creeped on my best friend when she was much younger.
The Great Amoeba Caper. 
he said, she said
Who “P”-ed in the pool?
Coffee...2 lumps, light cream and easy on the dish soap.
Don't fucking scratch me.
Dealing with an arsehole roommate
Petty name changing
How you like them drippings?
Eye for a Roommates Eye
Brother acts like an entitled brat, I now kill him with kindness.
Won't close the gate? Enjoy your fecal fingers...
Comeuppance against the she-beast!
You want to be a petty bitch, eh? 
You probably shouldn't insult your yoga instructor's family.
One girl, four revenges.
I'm pretty petty around subways
Just because you hammer nails all day, that doesn't make you the son of God.
It's been a long time since I rock and rolled
Turn the lights off when I poo will you?
Now how does that taste?
Revenge of the banana
Then goes parks somewhere's else...
The ex got the boot
Why yes, I will pay my overdue fines. 
Petty Revenge is a dish best served cold
Bachelorette party triple pettiness plus a bonus!
Revenge on an old classmate.
Don't crack my crackers
Gas revenge.
Pizza Delivery Revenge
Petty revenge against a bread company
Keep it Cumming Roomie
Roommate left me on my own seriously ill, new friend totally got revenge for me.
the REAL revenge
The cardinal sin in Boston.
You should be nice to your phlebotomist.
Losing the Best Shit Cleaner They'll Ever Have
Nicotine addiction is no excuse to be a bitch.
Snobby Paint Customer
Getting back at a egotistical, know-it-all, wannabe computer-nerd
Petty Facebook revenge on OAexGF
Yes, I'd like fries with that
turn off the heat? ill use up the oil
Fine - just let your dog run loose...
Raining cats and dogs.
Buy your rounds so you don't end up in the red.
How to dance like a man
Sharing a bathroom with an older sister
No boner, bitch.
Teacher gets what she wants.
Oh, so you are going to tell on me, eh?
Having loud obnoxious sex? ENJOY THE FULL VOLUME TAYLOR SWIFT TIL YOU'RE DONE!
Bloody Satisfying Petty Revenge
After getting accepted into one of the colleges I applied at I put a picture up on FB with me and the acceptance letter. A mouthy girl insults me on Twitter. What can I do?
Interspecies petty revenge
Being an asshole doesn't mean you're entitled to get your drink before me.
Got laid off from work today
I'd show my appreciation, but I'd have preferred that you didn't do that in the first place.
You're crazy and a threat to the students - - - No, you're religious!
Don't rush me.
Don't be a brat.
Isn't direct revenge, but damn it feels good every day.
Bad mom, bad kid and fake HIV
Mom vs. impatient driver
A-hole Ex-Boyfriend refuses to give back my things, I give him something in return.
[Meta] No petty revenge, looking for something a little more significant.
Scissors? Seriously???
9 year olds petty revenge against me in retaliation of my pettiness to her
The best revenge is the one they never know about
Get off my account
I can't hear you over the sound of my bacon
Don't eat other people's sandwiches
Friend's revenge to a mean driver's ed teacher
On the power of words (specifically "no")
Faked it...
The best revenge is the one they never know about
My sister-in-law's husband is a cocky leech. But so is my sister-in-law. What do I do?
Dunkin Donuts
Vet-ty Revenge
This probably won't matter to other people, but it meant a lot to me
Feed your volunteers.
Now it's your turn! [kinda NSFW]
Revenge is a dish best served warm...(Possibly NSFW)
Redditor farts in front of 120 students, successfully blames it on bully [x-post from AskReddit]
When my wife and I fight...
HELP ME GET REVENGE SPAM!
Restaurant SwitcharooXpost from /r/technology... /u/engages dishes out some pettyrevenge
Don't piss off the person making your dinner
Not my problem
Let us down, don't be surprised if we let you down for once
Passengers think they are always right ...
Never mess with a satire poet grandfather.  
Wonderfully petty revenge on a pushy girl in a club.
Fighting-over-the-lane revenge
No one insults my Grandma and gets away with it
Roommate Revenge
"Microsoft" wanted to fix my computer.
Best cat ever
Does water in the face count?
Karate Revenge
Don't tailgate me
I do the dishes
My first concert
Petty Revenge in the Classroom
Guy overtakes without using his indicator, petty revenge was had
A mom walks into a coffee shop with her annoying-ass kids...
I have never smiled bigger that that...
Don't mess with a tired graduate student
Black Ops 2 petty revenge 
Annoying neighbours get a shitty TV connection.
"I'm going GREEN."
Spitting kid gets his comeuppance! 
Not necessarily petty revenge, but that bitch at the jukebox deserved it.
My mom made me shovel the walk earlier than I wanted to today, so I tracked some snow into the house
When the anger is just to much to hold in.
Enjoy your drink.
I finally remembered one!
Coffee shop revenge. 
Why you make friends with service people
Sweet, petty, syrupy revenge on a food-stealing, free-loading roommate
We got kicked out, but it was worth it.
The epitome of petty, but makes me feel good.
Magic player denies involvement and accuses me of being a Magic playing warlord, sweet petty revenge ensues.
Petty Chocolate Revenge
Revenge on an unexpected new roommate.
Crispy Duck Comeuppance
Let me get the door for you
Disneyland Driver Revenge
Got fired. Had last, very petty laugh.
Gradual Clothing Relocation
A pizza slinger's revenge.
Friend took both mine and my brothers savings
Shortsighted
He stole my Gundam!
My neighbours got my boyfriend's car towed. Can any of you masterminds help me come up with some petty revenge?
What am I supposed to do with these!?
Petty Bed Revenge
Family kept embarrassing me by buying me the child's admission...
Revenge never tasted so good...literally 
Shitty roommates leave their stuff in their shower and I get back at them in the grossest way possible
You've Won a TV
Need some advice
Im tired of all the grammar nazis making themselves a part of reddit culture. so i found a place for them
Revenge against a high school bully
My take on the noisy neighbor
Nice throw, shame I've got butterfingers...
Hey reddit. Help me blow up this harassing scammer 508-621-7315
Friend gets robbed, tracks the guy down
A 5 Year Old's Revenge
We had the light.
Petty co-worker revenge
Clash of the GF and the "other" GF...
Traffic Cop Revenge
Some woman got mad and honked at me for letting my car warm up when she wanted my spot, so I left her a petty surprise. 
My friend's story of cheating vengeance
Two petty revenges
Only restaurant workers will appreciate this.
Ex Contacts me i Send the Letter to her Husband
A familiar situation.
Roommate punched me in the face over a Taco Bell quesadilla. How should I get him back?
The most petty of revenges
My now bald brother
A woman throws a tantrum over candy, and I get my revenge.
You want me to say your name right?...I want you to be quiet.
$1 Revenge
Anything you can do I can do better... Including being obnoxious!
Roommate's awful, so I lock her out of our room in her towel for a couple hours
Petty chili revenge on a chilly day.
My annoying bus driver.
Petty revenge on my roommate.
No one messes with my time off.
Anyone here ever been called out by the person they took revenge on?
Petty Manager Revenge
School Magazine Revenge
Towel revenge.
Clean Your Own Glassware
Tainted toothbrush.
Teacher is horrible? Time for revenge.
Revenge of the 'geek'
first shift bitch wants to piss ME off ? piss on yourself .
Texting harasser WILL NOT STOP. how about giving him a dose of his own medicine for me Reddit?
Kid is a dick to me
Petty gas station revenge
Don't mess with your night employees!
Roommates yummy meal
After cheating on me, took my cooking stuff and my bathroom stuff with her, knowing that I can't afford to buy new ones this month. This is what I came home to today. Thank you, mom and dad! Fuck you, cheating bitch!No orbs for you!
Alright minions. Who wants to help me plot?
My landlord and my petty revenge
Someone stole other's work. I took revenge.
Mmmm, infusions...
Netflix vengeance
Revenge on the neighborhood snitch.
Revenge on wannabe metalhead
Pencil case revenge
Enjoy your nice shiny new car, Mr. Asshole Landlord.
Revenge is sweaty, not sweet.
Taking advantage of teenagers
Very petty, but quick.
I don't like people who only talk to me when they need something...
I see your $10 and raise you $100.
Bitch slapped that mothfucker
Shopping cart justice (x-post from r/TalesFromRetail
Fuel for the fire.
Laptops and the Library
a cashier's petty revenge
Cardomain troll gets it in the arse
Bitchy worker at the DMV.
Leave me cold and I'll wipe your raids
Don't start rumors about me.
I'm going to buy my own house with blackjack and hookers.
Trumpet Troll steals Drumstick Bag, Karma Makes him its bitch
Don't expect me to pay for your fault....
Switching CDs
You obviously don't understand how Amazon.com works. (Alternatively: Enjoy losing business!)
Ideas for how to mess with the scumbags who go through my car? 
Sheltie and Border Collie
"We waited..."
Fraternity brother was an ass
A sticky situation
Beer Thief
Fat-ass stompy upstairs neighbors and Tejano at 3 AM? Not when a BOFH lives on the first floor (semi-long, SFW).
A sticky situation
Reversing
When you're going 2mph too slow for the guy behind you.
/r/Pettyrevenge, help me!
Revengeception
Moocher gets a serving of his own creation
Drive safe motherfucker
Revenge on Car Theif
Lesson in common courtesy 
How to screw my employer best?
My roommate is the worst
Steal my parking spots?
I don't even like poetry!
We need your help for some petty "revenge" - Tricking a friend into thinking a fake person actually exists
The stereo was working fine just this morning...
Suck it, Wal*Mart.
Take that, Mom!
Noisy neighbors? Fire the bass canon!
Analytical Lab Revenge
superbowl revenge
Oh, I've got a tip for you alright...
3am shower revenge is sweet.  Oh yes it is!
You're Moving Out? Well Then, I'm Leaving First.
iPhone sale didn't happen.
"Renu please?"
Sweet times
douchebag almost runs my daughter over. commence revenge.
It may be wrong to exact vengeance on a little old lady, but this one deserved it.
"You've been pissed upon."
You get the grade you earned
Beyond petty at Shake's ice cream
As a result of reading /r/pettyrevenge ...
Kitchen wipes are extra absorbent!
Sherbert.
Awkward customer gets a tiny bit of comeuppance
THAT'S MY MONEY NOW revenge (a tale of forgiveness and revenge)
"Who the hell is Aaron Westerhoff?"
Soaked and sticky revenge
No cake for you
Slightly less bacon
"The dead cat lay in the street as a small shower soaked its body with rain water, bloating the carcass." A Diary of Retribution
"Well, you kind of deserved it..."
Someone in the dorm room next to me plays shitty medieval music.
No more spankings.
I recycle my petty revenge
You're jealous so you make up lies?
Friend blows me off. Mediocre photo manipulation ensues.
I didn't like to be made fun of when I was young
Called this jackass out this morning
imaginary basketball fight
My best friend's revenge.
Dark Souls petty revenge
She was evil, I finally fought back
MY sunny D
Girlfriend cheated repeatedly, I had enough
Waiting on tables and a group of punkass kids screws me over on the bill. One forgets his iPhone...
No Sausage rolls for Mrs Meanie
Throw a fat fuck into into the mosh pit
The right place and the wrong speed.
Not Petty Enough 1/5 [META]
Fat friend of a friend of my boyfriend tries to paint my guy in a bad light after a year of jealousy over me, I stab him hard in the feels after the last straw.
Girlfriend broke up with me, accused me of rape...
Anyone play the 6-player game on Tetris Friends? 
My last upstairs neighbor was in a band and practiced drums above me.  Eventually he/she found a partner and had frequent depressingly short sex.  Neighbor damages my property, I prove to him that he's an asshole without damaging anything.
Seriously, stop being a douchebag to my best friend.
Lines of Coke with the Boss's Daughter
The Wrath of Ron
Girlfriend cheats on me. I fuck up a lot of shit. 
Late Night Gaming
Has the Song for Phil Daoust been posted in here?
Let me show you my favorite breakfast food.
The Mythical Beef Burrito
The pure essence of the childish, petty, vindictive, cancerous revenge.
Don't be an asshole to my best friend.
For all your petty parking revenge needs.
Don't text while riding my ass, asshole. (I'm referring to driving)
Boss pissed me off, I made him stop smoking for the day
Double petty revenge on a nieghbor
Tiiiny pizza for the bouncer's girl.
It will now.
You like my booze? here...try -this-.
All in the past?
Slight insult, spam his e-mail
Felt ripped off by a product. Noticed the company was holding a contest. I planned to win that contest in the most evil way possible.
Chocolate milk.
Revenge at 25,000 feet
This story is one of many from my younger days...
He pissed me off, I pissed on his door handle
Do not disturb? Enjoy your 8 am wake up!
Don't be a territorial d-bag of a roommate.
Fax me? Fax you!
Joggers revenge for foolish out of town driver. 
[request] Not sure if I can request methods of petty revenge in this subreddit, but how can I get back at my girlfriend for spoiling most of the seasons of Mad Men, I've only seen the first season so far.
They called me a faggot, I was bored and needed a little adrenaline rush.
Respect your tech support personnel
I am IT guy, ph33r |\/|y p0w3r!
i canceled their print jobs
I am IT guy, ph33r |\\/|y p0w3r!
Just Do Your Job
They stomped, I stole.
Dirty Little Man
Road revenge
Petty Revenge against my cat. (Pet-ty, get it?)
Made my OCD boss think I put my piss in his face.
It's good for the libido.
Dirty Straw Revenge 
5 Most Satisfying Tales of Revenge (cracked article)
Separate baskets
whack those balls
They didn't re-rack, so I didn't tell about the water bottle they forgot
If there is a reason that I will be going to hell, this parking lot revenge will be why.
Not a happy camper
Mess with my sister-in-law, I will make you smoke my spern
Cold showers.
Remember to pay your library dues!
KFC cashier revenge
Intimidation Fail, Karma Win
That man bugs me!
In a hurry? Enjoy the box.
the best possible use for the dirtiest possible engine oil
Could you run out for milk please?
Crazy Cajun Cooking Revenge
Karaoke Revenge
Block my garage, will ya?
I prefer my petty revenge subtle. [UPDATE]
My new work boots are making me very happy.
I licked her spoons (roommate story).
Just now: parenting assistance via shame
Another room mate anecdote - revenge in the works
Hair messages in the shower
I was head over heals for a player. 
Dressing room revenge due to bad customer service
AskPettyRevenge: Help me think of a good plan for payback
Candy Wrapper Revenge
When I'm having a discussion with someone on reddit and they downvote me, I use RES to tag them "downvotes people who disagree." Then I downvote them and upvote their opponents whenever I come across them in the future
not petty revenge, but payback in the works. (long read)
When someone I'm having a discussion with someone on reddit and they downvote me for disagreeing with me, I use RES to tag them "downvotes people who disagree" and then downvote them and upvote their opponents when I come across them later
Handful of Change
made sure he didn't save any money
Soda fountain revenge
My neighbor's car alarm goes off every other night. Advice needed.
Where is my fucking Cumin????
Hope you packed a toothbrush, bitch.
Managers get revenge on homophobic customer. (From notalwaysright.com)
Call of douchy revenge
Protracted Revenge -OR- Full Circle
Revenge of the Hippie
School drop-off zone.
I started selling things on ebay when I was in highschool, I forgot to get a tracker on an item...
Rude Administrator Gets Porn-Canned
Obligatory shitty roommate revenge
It took almost twenty years for this one...
Rising from the ashes in Beirut 
Don't piss off the people who handle your expensive art.
Parking in my yard
Sweet, petty board-game justice.
Karma at its finest for a bitch who intentionally spoiled my favorite book series
The story of Kieth, my douche roommate who gets what he deserves.
Brace yourselves, another roommate story.
Spoiling the Spoiler 
Revenge at a concert
Cutlery revenger
I'm walkin' here!Gloriously petty revenge on a racist roommate 
An annoying girl's worst nightmare.
Annoying self-entitled room mate gets whats he deserves with the help of an unfortunate girl.
Asshat treats me like dirt? Hope he enjoys his face being frozen.
She took advantage of my goodwill
If I have to hear your music, you have to hear mine.
Ringworm Revenge
Just being helpful...
Enjoy your cookie, buttface.
It may have taken years, but I got my revenge.
Punk 2 inches from my car.
I hope you catch my cold lady
Loud cell phone music revenge
Petty revenge on douchey boy. 
Craigslist low ballers
I prefer my petty revenge subtle.  (Picture in comments)
Petty Facebook revenge
Noisy Dorm Neighbors 
Petty Parking Revenge
Fun denied on a Drunken Wednesday night
No free liquor for drunk bitches.
Assholes on the bus: The sequel
Quiet revenge on a high school bully
Jerk didn't understand the concept of alternate merging in a packed after concert parking lot
Roommate neglected her dog, so I made her meals fit for a stupid bitch such as herself.
Pushy guy on the bus today
Roommate makes me do her nasty dishes, I subtly undermine her New Years resolution.
The universe inflicted it's own petty revenge on a tow truck driver for me
Sweet, Sweet, Vindication...(or the Ballad of Skeletor)
Petty revenge at the movies
The Pettiest of petty... 
Guy tries to cheat off of me in class because he doesn't want to pay attention, I don't let him, and somebody from facebook created a white knight account on twitter to call him out on his shit.
Idiot thought I reported him to the mods for his stupid comment
My revenge on my racist, womanizing, homophobic roommate.
salty revenge against hotel managers
"An instrument of destruction"
Drunk roommate gets a cold shower
Petty Retaliation Betwixt Teens
A five year old insulted me.
Roommate Revenge
Schoolkids ruined our first anniversary so we got our revenge.  
Petty revenge from a week ago at Whistler.
Gamecube Petty Revenge
At school I have a classmate that browses 9GAG all day long what are some good ways to get revenge on him?
What I do if I'm ever mad at my dad.
Petty Cat Vengence
My friend really likes his coffee
Don't steal other people's money, jerk!
Oh, my workouts bother you?  I'm not a good neighbor?
Petty or should I say "Pissy" revenge on a good friend.
Don't bring a snowball to a water fight - New Full Video. 
How I won the dorm Annoying Music War
Did you know when potatoes get really old they turn black and start leaking sludge?
My genius little brother's petty revenge
I get a guy fired
Sweet, petty, dorm hall revenge
Don't call anyone a creeper. It'll comeback to get you.
Revenge on insomnia causing college roommate
Some assholes on the bus were being obnoxious, loud and annoying.
A trip to Amsterdam gave me some petty revenge on my neighbors.
No diploma for you!
Oh, Don't Mind Me. (2 for 1 Petty Revenge)
Skiing revenge! or why you shouldn't be an asshole.
Breaking Bitchytits
Returned a favor.
Co-Worker Steal's my lunch... I made her poop herself.
Much grass was harmed in the making of this revenge.
Insufferable coworker gets pinterest revenge.
My two-year-old daughter gets to bounce wherever she wants.
Art teacher revenge
Announcement: PettyRevenge is text-only now!
I dislike loud people
Schadenfreude at its finest: laughing at my former employer's demise
Revenge on a condescending English teacher.
Chemistry Teacher Revenge
Reddit petty revenge...
Need revenge help against a cheater
Cellphone in the movie theater
Schwarzfahrer - short film on petty revenge (English subtitles) 
Revenge is even sweeter when the victim makes things worse for himself
Rubik's cube
getting petty in the music dept.
The Drum Van
Enjoy waiting for your bus, dork.
Smegma revenge [NSFW/L]
saw this man at JFK airport.  very little exaggeration was necessary.  
I could ruin your world(sort of)
I can't even remember what the guy did to me, but I remember being petty.
Sax Player wants to play not nice with the drummer. :D
Never drive like an idiot in the snow
How my bully got kicked out of school
Enjoy your wet hands (really petty)
To anyone who plays League of Legends:
Bully should have picked on someone his own size
Showing a Man How it's Done
You Shall Not Pass
New Phone
So... No, then?
How I annoyed my passive aggressive roommate
My waitress decided to call me Jackie Chan to some of her co workers thinking I was out of earshot.(x-post from /r/pics)Shitty roommate likes to move other people's clothes from the dryer. I exacted my petty revenge.
Petty revenge retraction/update.
Hit and Run
Shopping Cart Traffic Jam
Hah, take that math teacher.
Master of YOUR Domain.
You make me wait, I make you wait.
Have fun waiting for a ride.
GTA IV revenge.
A little revenge on my ex via his attorney(s) 
A little down-home petty revenge. 
Don't bully the tech
Please help me, bitch lies and gets people in trouble
The best revenge is when the bully brings it on himself in some way, don't you agree?
The most petty of gay revenge stories 
Revenge on a Roommate
Calling all petty plotters.  How do you get back at a snorer? [Request]
Revenge on my Sister
Don't mess with a web designer
Drive-by insulter gets a crude penis drawn on his car. Photo included.
A Child's Revenge (x-post r/funny)
Revenge with an extra side of intonation problems.
satisfying if slight revenge against teacher
My dad's petty revenge
Got a kid in trouble
Revenge is best served cold.
My type of revenge.
Wealthy speeders wreck their cars on new speedbumps I forgot to warn them about.
Just Cuz I'm White, Too, Doesn't Mean I'm a Racist Like You
I guess money CAN'T buy everything. 
Revenge on a vindictive and superficial ex GF.
Little cousin finally gets disciplined
How I made half my Senior Class shit themselves (Very satisfying petty revenge)
Guy gets petty with rude cashier (X-post from /r/Ireland)
High School Test Revenge
Aunt Tries to Steal Kid, Total Freeze Out
toilet-tini
Why it is not a good idea to honk your horn at a friends house in the middle of the night
If you're going to be a sales rep, do your job
Pats fans
Revenge on a prank caller
What are my risks?
Today I went to Kmart.
No, your "baby" son can't have candy!
Revenge on boss
(X-Post) From /r/talesfromretail. I got a kid grounded.
Turning wrong numbers into profit!!
Roommate stealing food. Pettiness most foul ensues
Cheeky taxi driver gets his just desserts
A dick for a dick
Nosey Co-Worker Revenge
Dont keep texting the wrong #
A bad week at work ends on a satisfying note.
A bad week at work ends on a satisfying note.
I call out a "white g-thug from the prairies" type on his use of the word "nigga" in a Facebook status. A cycle begins, where I "like" each of his angry replies, only prompting the next. I liked 4 of his comments before he unfriended me. (x-post from r/facepalm)
Enjoy those moldy sprinkles.
Just another day at work
Postal Service Revenge
crooked security company revenge
Dad's Lunch Bag Revenge
B*tch boxes me in at gas station and gets verbally assaulted by a guy who I'd just helped
Enjoy your happy surprise, bitch.
enjoy scooping dust and dirt with your bare hands. [This is my first post, Lord have mercy]
Gas station revenge
Roommate eats all our food so we...
Hostess Vengeance
Old People Restaurant Scam
Thank you, Auntie, for the meal that cost you 20 dollars more than it should have...
Ignore this post. Just marking it here to know that I need to subscribe later when I get home.
The blonde's studebaker...
My grandfather closed his accounting business earlier last year - as we were cleaning out his office, we found this letter from a sweet old lady.(x-post from r/funny)
I need some advice before I leave my store...
Don't fuck with retail workers. 
Three generations of petty revenge
Delayed revenge on a HS teacher
This teacher deserved this times ten in my opinion
Elementary school racist
Oh, you're going to call me at 2:00 AM in the morning? Allow me to tell you how I really feel.
The only girl in the welding shop.
When doing nothing can be the best revenge of all 
Good luck sleeping tonight!
My experience at a Sushi Restaurant. 
A story of a pissed off ex, a Mustang and horrible timing
More sisterly vengeance!
Creepy Revenge on an Annoying Driver
Petty vengeance on cheating classmates (first post)
My brother leaves the toilet lid up
Parents: Don't Bring Them Home
Don't piss off the delivery driver!!!
Enjoy your butt-whistle 
Shrink wrap revenge.
Extremely Petty Pizza Revenge
From 30 minutes or less to 2 hours or more
Just try to run, fool. 
Try to get my special pass taken away, get jizz on your head NSFW
Revenge on a lazy co-worker
My girlfriend makes me put down the toilet seat...
Rude and smelly lottery counter receives my reveng
Gym this 
That Near-Pointless Revenge That Makes You Feel BetterGot what she deserved
Flatmate's continuous loud music
Reddit Revenge- How I got a homophobic moderator banned from his own subreddit
I hope you enjoy losing your data, jerk!
Sticky fingers
I was told you guys would like this.. (xpost r/talesfromretail)
Loud noises make for great revenge
Enjoy your chair.
Sloppy Roomate Gets Slopped
I hope you enjoy your elevator ride.
Grocery store revenge
Revenge on a shady Pawn Shop
Trash can of revenge.
Move out of the fast lane or I'll make you move.
Revenge is sweet
Instant man-made karma
Cheater gets cheated 
Petty learner driver revenge 
Angry, Alcoholic College Roommate
Ask Pettyrevenge:  What's your favorite method for Petty Revenge?  Simpler the better.
Pig Parkers. 
cream and jam and silverware with scones, yes, of course.
If you're an asshole, you reap the products of an asshole
The punishment fit the crime.
Time to make my obnoxious roommate's life a living hell.
If you Sprinkle...
I Hope You Freeze.
Waterko lololol
Next time you want a chocolate malt, make it at home!
Biker’s retribution at a railroad crossing…
Awesome revenge on an asshole roommate 
Guy was mean for no reason to a guy asking a question. Pointed out for being a jerk.
I showed my friend this page, I think he gets it
Inconveniencing an Annoying Tailgater
Can't remember my name? Seems I've forgotten yours.
Asparagus is my secret weapon
You want to race? How about a ticket instead.
Jerk customers at chocolate shop
I hope you enjoyed your job while it lasted.
Stepdad petty revenge 
Door-banging bitch gets a spicy surprise
Computer lab pettiness
The little fucker...
Revenge on the tailgater!
Bicyclists had it coming. 
Eat my cookies, will you?
Oh, you want your deli meat NOW??
Brazilian Bus Bitches
Ma'am can you please turn off your truck?
You ate my Oreos??? 
My sister thought it was hilarious to repeatedly give away plot twists to one of my favorite TV shows (Dexter).  I got revenge.  My first ever post on reddit is to tell you all about it!
Coffee Shop WoW
My sister thought it was hilarious to repeatedly give away plot twists to one of my favorite TV shows (Dexter).  I got revenge.  My first ever post on reddit is to tell you all about it!
4Chan's version of Petty Revenge.
Not good at titles, rude cashier
Be polite to your waitress. 
Fast food hag gets served
Housemate duvet revenge
I'm a Temp pulling a long term prank.
Lifted truck gets pulled over
I'll slack off if I feel like it, and so will Bill
Didn't happen to me. I'm posting a story about cheating and revenge, from 2 years ago.
dads petty car revenge.
Tales from BSA - Pudge
Warm soda for you.  Cold soda for me!
Coke and Mentos
Dirty sock revenge
A co-worker (we will call him Jack) was an asshole to me this morning... I will show him.
Asks to get hit by a car, shocked when it almost happens...
I pretend not to speak the language to get gloriously petty revenge on a salesbitch.
$100,000 of revenge I wish I took and the petty revenge that followed.
Revenge on a Phone Scammer
Popeye's Petty Prickery
Bottled water isn't free
Dad Gives Neighbours Door A New Paint Job
Petty highschool revenge.
Rude neighbour learns to pick up parcels herself
Tailgating texan buckles after tasting road revenge
Don't mess with your IT
Don't be a dick to a customer who is minding her own business
erupting pepsi bottle
Enjoy my dogs presents
Malodorous revenge on Racist Rich Boys   
He had it coming
Don't talk shit about me to the entire cast of the play I'm not even in!
A petty piece of paper 
A petty piece of paper 
A petty piece of paper
Guy gets revenge on his mean friend by destroying his iPod
How I got revenge on my nasty mother with legos (oh yes)
Bad case of the shivers
petty revenge... deli style
Roommates get passive aggressive - I win in the end.
Oh, you wanted my leftovers?
My crowning jewel of sweet revenge.
Have some ice with your water.
I have a coupon I'd like to use.
I thought this was too petty for /r/pettyrevenge...until I got the email
I still get angry when i think about the microwave.
Road Rage RegengeMy dad gets back at snippy bank teller.
I need to take petty revenge on a stingy/forgetful roommate, advice?
Toilet Revenge 
Request: Best way to piss off people who overuse the horn.
I hope you like tractors and Bibles.
Crazy domestic disturbance in my apartment complex, or how I love being able to give the 911 operator the gate code and let the police deal with the crazies
If you don't want to pay for it, you ain't using it. 
Don't drink out of my toilet (petty revenge on my dog)
Got back at my sister
Tailgating Petty Revenge
Took me longer than it should have to figure this out...
Grocery Manager Picture Revenge
Please don't leave pee on the seat. 
Enjoy 24kbps
Have a fun walk home, douchebag.
Annoying kid gets no sleep
Have fun with your birthday present, buddy!
Annoying drunk girls get served some petty revenge.
not the usual post, but I thought this belonged here, X-post from r/fffffffuuuuuuuuuuuu
Accidental phone revenge on cheating ex-girlfriend
Don't always assume that a towel in somebody's bathroom is for public use, or clean.
Guy ruined my day... and I got pay-back
My elderly auntie's dog poo revenge
Would you like a mint 
Good luck trying to sell my stuff on the streets buddy.
Go ahead, leave your dog shit. I dare you.
Question: If one wipes armpit sweat or a booger on one's enemy's doorhandle, it's probably just classified as "assault", but one wipes sweat from one's nether regions, is that "sexual assault"?
Gym class revenge
Petty Revenge Against an Asshole Father-in-law.
Revenge at the Bar
Annoying classmate revenge.
It makes me feel better...
I asked you to turn the music down...
Went Off On Teacher That Hated Me
Prankster gets a greased plan.
Teachers who hate students shouldn't be teachers.
Aisle blockers
Enjoy the extra ricotta, bitch.
Parking chairs
Tosser tries to copy my homework, loses £2 and gets detention
A server's way to get back at rude guests
"It's OK ladies, this round is on me!"
It has always tasted like victory.
4chan's Anon takes it to the next level (x-post /r/funny)
For all to see
Don't back up into me!
Just 3 short? Aww, too bad. Maybe if your grandmother was nice, I would have been too.
Parking space denial
Parking Etiquette (X-post from r/funny)
Parking etiquette (X-post from r/funny)
You are too busy to do your job? I find ways to annoy you.
Its not often I do this, but I will if I have to.
High beams revenge
I think someone is currently petty revenging the shit out of me...
My local tattoo artist getting bashed for a crappy tottoo on Facebook. Does this qualify for PettyRevenge?
Have fun cleaning up! 
Brother
Happy New Year
You're scamming me for my money? I'll steal yours.
Unintentional Revenge on Arrogant Teacher
A soda ruined...
After numerous explanations, my sister still turns on my xbox for DVD's and leaves it on all night. I got some well deserved petty revenge today/any advice on some more?
If you act like an asshole, you're gonna regret it.
Petty, but totally worth it

Classmate of mine failed to hand in/share his part of an assignment on time, leaving others annoyed. Now, a week later, he can't log into the school website to get the collection of other students' parts, and complains. No one is responding.
Steal my coffee will you?
Oh I'm sorry, you wanted to be able to get out of your car? Shouldn't have parked like a jackass then.
Two tales of very petty revenge against bad drivers at my security gate.
Quarter Slingers Revenge
How You Like Dat Soda??
My roommate's 'sorta' friend stole nice bottle of tequila that I was saving for the night before break in college.
No earphones for you
So Petty He Never Actually Noticed
"How do the stairs taste, Sis?"
A slap for an egg
What happens when you don't treat your tie with respect!
Tasty tasty revenge
He wanted coffee, I got justice.
You don't like bugs? Oh, sorry.
The Toll Brothers House From Hell - Could it be any worse?
Racist Douche Gets Embarassed
Racist Greasy Haired Douche 
You disrespect me?  I jizz in your hair and you lose your pet.  Fuck you.
Tiny girl thinks she can slip by unnoticed . . .
Languages 
Cold medicine *yoink*
Your "good guy act" is very see through.
I teased him with a PBJ sandwich.
Equal parts karma and petty revenge.
Obnoxious Dumbass Tourist Teen Gets Naked on Beach in Cannes and Gets Some Sweet Revenge
Enjoy your first class seat lady...
Brother shuts the Xbox down, revenge is set forth.
How a meth-head nearly screwed up my new-years.
Younger brother makes me do dishes on New Years eve? Bad idea. 
Packed in Paris
The Roman Foot Stomp
Control your Kids or I scar them for life.
Maybe you shouldn't speed, or maybe stop being a bitch? (Sort of petty)
Infectious Lunch
My "I didn't do anything wrong" neighborSee a bad parking job? PRINT THIS bumper sticker and tape it to the offenders' car.  Watch hilarity ensue from a safe distance. NSFW
Revenge on a traitor classmate
You ain't fuckin' tonight.
Dog Poo Revenge
Moving Day
I remembered something petty with Valentine's Day.
The Pizza Bandit and Me
New revenge subreddit!
Brat on the Bus
My friend's brother was being really obnoxious.
Sugar rush
Revenge runs its own course in due time. 
Mario Party
My vile upstairs neighbors drove me to the brink of insanity.  I did what I could to return the favor.
Yearbook signing petty revenge
All good things to those who wait.
Best friend turned arch nemesis!
Bowling
My mother's husband got what he deserved
Simple, yet effective.
I show St. Paul who wears the pants.
Sweet high school revenge with a bit of help from karma
Math: The Best Way to Get Rid of a Roommate
Let's see if your neanderthal brain can figure this one out.
Dog revenge
Another tale of petty revenge on a rude driver
Don't disrespect customers who use your bathroom.
Here's one from my dad when he used to work as a pizza delivery man.
You're an Ass, I waste your time.
Can I help you with something? 
I gave her what she wanted!
Take that, you jerk!
She will now think of her son when she has sex with her boyfriend.
Revenge upon my sister
You Picked The Wrong Spiteful Jerk To Illegally Park In, Guy
A drive-thru customer was rude to my coworker
Saved by the siren
Stupid Sis *fixed*
Homophobe Gets A Taste of Intolerance 
Petty revenge on petty revenge. 
You like making noise? I like calling the cops.
You have a god damned driveway, use it.
ebay
Crackhead ATTACK!
Perfect Use For Random Keys
The core
Idiot Fake Handicap (warning - rant)
Hope you're nice and comfy.
Douche kid in a clan of mine that playz Dayz....
Roommates who fight loudly in our tiny apartment...
My Scumbag Manager (x-post: r/funny)
I know you guys don't like messing with food but still
Sorry Princess.
Retail Revenge
Another Petty Road Rage Revenge
Revenge on the woman who made my life a living hell.
The elephant child upstairs
Revenge on a gaming boyfriend
Crappy roomies, so I left
Pizza Delivery Pettiness
No Xbox for you...
Night-Shift, Sub-Woofers and Lawn-Mowers.
Mischievous Clothes Thief 
Stupid Sis
Not sure if petty, but here you go.
Petty Road Revenge
[Suggestion] Choose multiple subreddits to view at once.
Any flavor you say?
Traffic Control [XPost:TFTS]
She Wouldn't Fetch the Mail, So I Got Revenge
The pure essence of the childish, petty, vindictive, cancerous revenge.
Stepping shoes
Condescending bus driver got what was coming
My petty revenge on a customer
Petty Revenge On A Coworker
son's revenge on hater
A Co-Worker tries to tell me how to do my job after getting his communications degree, I emailed him this.
Mom's revenge on me. 
/r/pettyrevenge I need a few prank ideas for a friend. 
Would you like some water with that?
A few stories about my shitty college housemate, Gordon  [It looks long, but it's 4 stories in decreasing length]
Princessy flatmate just loved her tea...
So, my mom woke me up with a loud TV.
Being an idiot on Facebook
"Bro" purposefully spilled drink on buddies head, shouldn't of done it in front of me.
Nothing new, I'm sure, but now that I'm driving, I can identify
Petty Restaurant Revenge
Landlord cost me a whole day's worth of work... Hope she enjoyed inhaling my poo particles.
Sorry, I forgot that you were the only customer that mattered.
Flatmates, an everyday source of entertainment
Haha I inconvenienced you and cost you $15!
Revenge was had on the roommate from hell.
A few years ago my brother was annoying me, so when he went to the bathroom and placed his clean clothes there then briefly walked out, I took his clean underwear and hid it.
Douchekid at the Park
A tale of justice pizza
Just doing what i can...
Arsehole gamer revenge
Disrespectful + Sexist Guy Revenge
Guy 
Don't be a giant douchebag if you don't wanna be called one.The tether ball champion
My first experience with racism
Don't ruin movies for me
My party planning sucks, eh? It's okay, no sleeping late for you.
Times flies when you're feeling petty.
Pizza revenge
my 9 year old self's sassy comeback surprises even me to this day
Revenge is a dish best served cold
I don't know if it qualifies as revenge, but it sure feels like a win.
Ruined mom's date with cat food
A sick persons revenge
Tastes like victory.
Getting even with rude customers.
Don't judge a customer by their age. The reason why I have distain for most used car salesmen.
Copy Shop Pettiness
Sometimes, I really hate musicians.
Omnivore's Sweet Petty Revenge
My roommate, the cunt.
Leaked porn of bad housemates online
Anonymously Send Someone Real Animal Shit 
Cheated on boyfriend gets justice
Exposed English Professor for unmitigated bullshit
Revenge on a cheating 'gf' who cheated on my TWICE in the mostly horrible way... 
I'll teach you to be rude..
Valets revenge
F*** Gus. (sfw but lots of swearing. Because F*** Gus)
sisterly christmas revenge 
Cheating girlfriend - Ruining her image revenge
I do not like being lied to.
I lived a bloodless version of Kill Bill in the 8th grade
Petty revenge at the car wash
"Your jihad stare doen't impress me, I'm a cousin of Oussama Bin Laden"
The pettiest of petty 
exact change
This belongs here.
Oh, you don't like this? Let me do it more.
Revenges from my time as a technician
Starve the Beast
friends spammed my phone in academic detention (lunch detention)
to my little sister.
Pizza with extra revenge, hold the mushrooms
Foreskin arse cigarettes
No ID? Then you're an adult.
Here is the information released by Anonymous on the WBC. I think you guys know what to do with it.
The whiny co-worker and the case of the missing pen.
Asshole kitchen worker
Petty Bus Revenge
That's for your bad customer service
Always tip your delivery driver
Petty Runescape Revenge
Hateful nun and awesome English professor
Revenge Ideas for Cleaning Crew
Office Theft - need your input.
Made a prankster spill a drink on himself
My ex drunk called me and asked me if I would send dirty pics.
Fries with your dandruff?
What Goes Around, Comes Around
That's one way to do it
Fake herpes revenge. 
His nose has never been the same...
Finally felt like alpha dog!
Sister wouldn't stop stealing my clothes.
Christmas card revenge.
Take it in the face, bitch!
A Burger King's newly promoted, hot shit manager gets sabotaged
Next time she gets a roll of quarters.
Some revenges in my restaurant
Great, now my foot hurts.
Call of Duty Revenge
No Karma For You
Oh, I'm sorry, was that the bell?
Bilingual advantage during trip through the Alps
Petty Revenge on the office witch.
No, I would not like a wellness card
Those are MY toys, thanks.
I have a bad roommate, so I'll be leaving this letter on our common room table tomorrow morning. Warning: Bad language and grammar enclosed.
Diluted revenge
Little thieving bitch 
She's my friend, not yours!
My boss denied me time off work to recover from the flu... he now has the flu [x-post r/happy]
The horrible vengeance of an online retailer.
Do the Dew
The petty revenge of an online retailer.
Road rage in the rain.
Don't tell me how to make coffee.
The Pettiest of Revenge
Dorito revenge
DAE think Roald Dahl's Matilda should be this sub's mascot?
I married on the date of my Ex girlfriends birthday
Guy keeps parking in out parking spot... 
Everybody's Doing It
Pizza delivery revenge
So... you want me to abide by road rules, but only when it suits you?
You're gone for a week, and each day I shall bathe my sweaty balls in your coffee mug.
This is my Christmas card to my dead beat baby daddy.texted him about 60 times today saying "pay your child support". He owes me over $25000. Doesn't see his kid, and won't let my husband adopt her. P.s. he's on the sex offender registry. Merry Christmas fucker!
AP Psychology Grade Murder-Suicide
Someone suggested that you guys might enjoy this. (X-post r/askreddit)
Ninja my Loot will you? (Petty WoW Revenge)
A fight with my girlfriend.
One night at the carnival...You deserve a lot worse.
Slowly but surely fattening my flatmate
pettyrevenge
DO NOT DELETE!!!
(Harmless) Spiked Muffins for our Principal
I cant believe its not butter [x-post /r/askreddit]
Here's some petty revenge for ya. This is a link that contains all of the personal info of the members of the Westboro Baptist Churuch. (Provided by the hacktivist group Anonymous.) You know what to do.
x-post from r/askreddit: lrn2stealdrugs noob
Question: What would you do to fuck with this complete and total scumbag?  (Story inside!)
"Want to cheat off my exam? Sure, take a look."
University student gets revenge on his shitty RA
This belongs here (x-post r/funny)
Not a story about petty revenge, but neighbors who probably deserve it. What should I do?
A long memory of a college administrator's injustice
Close Call in a Bathroom Stall
Talked to GF's ex while fingering my GF
Psychological Revenge on Noisy Flatmate
Don't screw with people who handle your food... Why is this a difficult concept?
Whenever my wife is annoying me, I do this (XP from /confessions)
I got petty tonight... It felt so good to watch that asshole leave with cold spinach. Sorry for the wall of text and any grammatical errors, just got off the night shift and needed to tell you guys about this before bed.) 
Finals in the Library
More fun with the HOA arsehole...
Two birds with One pan of Brownies.
Dad messes with me, dad doesn't get links.
Drink my cordial will you??
My last day before moving. 
short but so sweeet...
Free Leftovers? Nope!
this one day...
Quick and easy
You don't look disabled. Let me help disable you.
You Don't Deserve :)
Seriously, don't honk, You don't know what insane guy you're getting. 
Neighborly Love. 
Complete and devastating revenge on my dad for letting me down.
Has anyone used an SMS Bombing program?
Revenge story of today made me popular?
I was told to cross post this here. Bitch wanted me to do her work. So I did.
Don't be a dick to the people who handle your food!
Not entirely petty...
The pettiest of revenges
Redditor shares story about rent and revenge
Don't Stiff Your Caddie, but thanks for all the free lunches!
Don't steal other peoples food
Idea Request: Catching bag thieves in a Cafe
Don't eat my cookie dough!
Rude customer gets owned
Vote up if...just kidding.... Japanese lesbian revenge. 
you think my roommate will mind if i eat her chips without asking?
System Notes cue petty revenge on bitchy customers
Bitchy and rude apartment neighbor is probably getting evicted...
don't cut people off who have been waiting in line
Subwoofer trumps CSI Miami reruns.
Looks Like Somebody Isn't Going To College 
"You should be paying ME to talk to YOU!"
Don't mess with people who have Nextel
"You should be paying ME to talk to YOU!"
Continually harassed by librarian
Girl was rude about a train seat [CHIVALRY DENIED] Punishment: fart to the GRILL
Revenge on a workplace beverage thief.  
Didn't think that whole half second mattered...
Didn't think that half second mattered...
Arm up in flames
Next time you'll wait your turn.
Roommate didn't pay gas bill and continually lied
And this is why you never mess with an engineering major's sleep.
Revenge on a Manager
Son, why is there gay old men porn on your computer?
Fast Food Pettiness
Popular bitch from school gets what she has coming.
Password reset revenge, tormenting a sibling never felt so satisfying.
Revenge of petty tall employee
Jesus Christ... do I really have to put "don't participate in flame wars" in the official rules?
This candy tastes great
Revenge of the Vacuum Cleaner Salesman
Quick petty revenge against a passive aggressive apartmentmate 
Working in Retail
And so begins the great prank war of  Christmas 2012 (xpost r/facepalm)
I was told this should be submitted here...
Toddlers and duct tape
Milkshake
Enlisted Craigslist to get back at slob of a roomate
Jerk Upstairs Housemate
Anyone else loving these old school 90's revenge stories?
Pettiest revenge of all on Reddit - read parent comments for context
How i got rid of a leech on my phone line. Fry special anyone?
Fat fingered petty revenge
Unrealistic expectations for a project? Have fun trying to do it now. 
How my dad solved our telemarketer problem.
Misdirected emails: The family photo album
E. coli
I gotta sleep somewhere
Bob is dead!
8 percent.
The most petty revenge on a shitty roommate - public humiliation.
Bloody maxi-pad revenge.
Bloody maxi-pad revenge.
I am a spiteful person, Dear roommate, does your left overs taste tart?
Trying to sleep? Let the dishwasher play you the sound of its people.
When petty revenge backfires...The tale of the pocket bird.
The Smoking Neighbor
my most successful burn on a past house mate. (ad placed in the local paper) he got about 20 quality replies that day.
"Best" friend of ten years unfriends me for no reason.
Diet Coke
Won't pay your share?  Fuck your sleep!
Sweet pastries of revenge
I hope your bedsheets were real effing sticky
Petty Gas Station Attendant 2 - Electric Boogaloo (at least it rhymes...)
Parking Attendant Revenge 3, Return of the...  Attendant... (I got nothing for the name...)
I suck at night driving, back off!
I will bleed all over you and the stains will never come out
Shithead Suitemate Served
Shhh happens in the library.
One way to tell a cheater...
What to do?
You want to throw food at people? I can play that game.
Turned my sad situation on douche co-worker
Glue and a Song
When you assume, you make an ass out of U and...No, just you.
Dicks don't deserve my parking spot
turboskank + beer + suede urban outfitters fringe bag
Yell at the neighbors and me for parking in front of your house?
Driving revenge
Another tale of driving revenge...
Oh you wanted that exit? what about that one, or that one, or NOPE you're stuck douchewaffle!
Parking Attendant Revenge, Take 2
White supremacist hits on me, I lie and tell him I am Jewish.
Mess with my car, I'll mess with yours
Mess with my car, I'll mess with yours revenge
Evil little dog revenge
Blockbuster Douche
Me, the Petty Gas Station Attendant
Pleasantly surprised with revenge by proxy
Wal-Mart Parking Revenge
IP Company kept giving out my phone number
Sunday radio revenge. 
Tale of the no-good cheese taker.
12 months living with inconsiderate housemate
Enjoy living alone again
Don't fire Gambit's girlfriend.
Parking Attendant Revenge
Car takes my reserved parking spot, I deflate the douches tires
Oh, you're in a rush?
Got even with a group of teenage partiers in the campsite next to me... thus allowing my niece to get a good nights sleep :)
Take up two parking spaces...have some breakfast!
Fuck you, Nature.
Should I do anything to get revenge on my HS bully?
How my dad dealt with student neighbours who parked in our yard.
Redditor logically refutes one of my posts.
Dont honk your horn at me
Reddit, please help with asshole upstairs neighbors.....PLEASE!
How I got revenge against a compulsive cheater
Email revenge..
People who get impatient with inexperienced drivers.
Enjoy your drive, asshole.
Tossed Off a Streetcar. I love my dad.
/u/nanokelvin reminded me of my own reading revenge.
Petty revenge on classmates in high school
Cry wolf long enough, and you're going to get bit.
Not sure if this is the right place for this, but this is the tale of the first drummer in my old band
I was the tool of petty revenge; it was all fun, until it ended up with (real) atomic bombs...
petty revenge against my brother.
Three for one sale on petty revenge!
Sisterly hatred
As asshole's party guest pissed on my car.  Said asshole was a 'neighbor' at my apt blding.  Revenge served... cold.
Paid with prayers.
I was told this belongs here
The petty tale of a fuel center attendant.
I'm uncool for not fucking around? lemme clean the room with your toothbrush.
DirecTV revenge.
Just found this sub...wish I had a story to share...and then remembered I did!
Don't be an asshole to cabbies
Use headphones on the bus
Future Spanish Teacher Gets Bullied, Accidentally Accuses him of Rape
What can I do about my asshole neighbors who won't share the curb?
Sucker Punch
Park in front of my cart walk in the rain.
No lane divider? One lane!
Don't mess with the people who handle your food!
Disrespect my mom?  Fuck your toes.
Not a revenge story, but I nominated this subreddit for best new community, please vote.
The Other Side of Petty Revenge (or, Why Petty Revenge Can Be a Good Thing)
Bass revenge
Have fun writing essays.
Part Two: the Revenge
Don't ever have a "noise battle" with a musician...EVER!
Part 1: The Background. Kid in my class (sort of) acts like a little prick for years; falls victim to one of the greatest pranks ever played. 
Fuck your beignets, didn't want 'em anyway
Got petty revenge on my older brother when we were much younger
Tailgaters...  Karma's a bitch.
Checkout Aisle Revenge
Totally irrational revenge against hot mustard
Biological warfare!
I hate the sound of gum being chewed - (x-post from pics)
(x-post from r/funny) Infrared Oven descriptions...
A tame, yet delicious tale of vengeance. 
Got this in my change, seems like it fits here. 
In my second year of primary school a kid lied to a teacher to get me in trouble: The lie backfired and blossomed in to sweet, beautiful justice. My playground now, bitch!
Racist Summer camp bully gets himself in trouble (with some prodding)Shitty housemates
The Pettiest of all Revenge
The tale of my cheesy meatballs and the bitch. (x-post from talesfromretail)
Damn Phishing Emails!!!.... Wait.. 
A quintessentially british queueing revenge story “Standing in Line” - (not my story)
These are my chairs.
Be careful with a snow shovel full of shit
A little story for you all.
Gas station revenge
A comment on what has been my new favorite subreddit: /r/pettyrevenge
All-Female School's paper publishes a horribly written article on its brother-school. Brother school responds with brilliant satire. (link to satire in comments)
Tailgate me will you?
Oh, you're in a hurry?
Request: ideas
a tale of a bad pet owner
So it took a couple years, but I got them.
Don't you just hate when people leave their cart in the middle of the parking lot?
Be polite to your telemarketer
Enjoy the bing search engine.
Any ideas or stories on how to get revenge on people who illegally pass in the breakdown lane in traffic? (Story in description)
Proper Cigarette Disposal
sweet sweet drunk revenge
Ideas on what to do if someone steals a parking spot you were waiting for? [Story]
This might seem the furthest thing from petty to some of you but for me it meant nothing at all.
Not sure if he'll realize the reason, or just think I'm stupid, but I cackled at my own deviousness.
Half of the posts here are not petty. 
Dealing with disruptive students
Card Crusher
Professor gets what's coming.
Roommate Revenge
The aristocrat will have to wait.
Be kind to the learner driver
You don't ticket us on the job site, a cop learns the hard way.
Never mess with a resourceful kid. (long)
Good luck finding a parking
"I hate you" [x-post r/classic4chan]
Don't mess with the photo guy.
Copy Centre Revenge
Pick up your bins
Oh, you want me to HURRY?
You like it hot?
Just outing the asshole who almost t-boned me and got away with it. [ SHARE ] 
Hammurabi would be proud
Cold Feet and Frustration for You!
Don't mess with the kid fixing your computer
Some people seriously need to be in a relationship.
Forking my ex's yard
Got scammed on the street for an embarassing amount of money, but I have their phone number.
The only way to win is not to play at all.
Subverting the railroad pamphlets
Your parents ruined you for society.
Not petty, but industrial strength revenge. Do not fuck with men with nailguns and plywood. [Long]
[No revenge, just a request] Could someone please explain to me what makes something belong in r/pettyrevenge and not r/justiceporn?
short and sweet car revenge
The video game vigilante is here.
No respect = no fun
Reddit classic: "I caught her cheating and got revenge on Valentine's day"
My professor always types his lab report assignments in comic sans.  What goes around comes around.
Its nice to hold doors for others
So I live in an HOA and there's a condo commando who hates everyone...
Petty Revenge against McDonald's
Helping my dogs get revenge (aka You damn kids stay out of my yard!).
If you're gonna cheat, at least be discreet.
Get off my network and clean your shit.
Refuse to acknowledge arguments? I'll delete your 
post!
McDonalds Revenge
You tell me how to do my job, I stop you from doing yours
Cinnamon Toast Splash
Horrible selfish "friend" gets what's coming to her.
Park your fucking bikes somewhere else
Saga of the a$$hole neighbors
Sending dirty texts can be dangerous
Sibling rivalry
Want me to stop eating my favorite fruit? Enjoy cleaning it up.
Since we're talking about rubber feet on electronic devices...
Since we're talking about rubber stoppers...
Funeral Guilt
Don't throw eggs at smaller kids.
He got what was coming for him.
Animal abuse.
Anonymous shower gel thief gets found out
The bitch who can't handle a bad review. 
Hey, check out this similar subreddit I made called /r/prorevenge! Just like the name suggests, it's like this but for when your revenge is more than petty.
Crop dusted a bar while being thrown out for drunkenness
Short, simple, and petty
Petty Revenge on a horrible Facebook group.
online douchery 
Animal abuse? I think not!
Revenge on a roommate who would hoard my dishes in his room.
Threaten me? How much do you value your job?
[Test]
[Test]
[Test]
Fart Wars
Students bake cupcakes with their own urine and give them out to their enemies at school
A revenge on one of our customers at a restaurant.
Nasty Woman at the supermarket
Innocent Ex-gf revenge plan.
Petty revenge against an internet thief
Petty revenge on a racist online-forumHow I got back at a manipulative girl who led me on for years. 
This is another tool for the Pettyrevenge arsenal
Being a dick? Get off the plane. You're not flying. 
If you have practice your shitty hippie jam music at 9am, I have to play shitty Metallica at 9am.
Neighbor's dog won't shut up
My revenge on a customer
Petty revenge in the making(need ideas!)
[META] Can we get a tag for revenges that involve bodily fluids, wiping something on balls and ass-crackery?
Petty revenge on jerk at the restaurant I work at
Devil kid gets what's coming
Mouthwash Revenge for a Shitty Teacher
Don't mess with my girlfriend
I can't stand line skippers...
Youtube Revenge
Just the tip(s). 
I've been waiting for someone to rustle my jimmies so I can ban them from my subreddit.
Merry Fucking Christmas.
Revenge on opossum killing teacher.
If you're a jackass, ill waste your time.
The spirt of vengeance feasts.... upon some d-bag High Schoolers during a game of COD Black Ops.
Got revenge on a book-burner in HS.
Waste my time, i'll waste your time.
Revenge is a dish but served wet &amp; wild
Now will you take your garbage out to the dumpster, DAWGS?
Revenge on a douche customer.
Sometimes simple is better. (Translation: I'm nowhere near as creative as most people here)
Another douchebag taking up two parking spaces
Steal my car? I'll give you a raging boner.
That is my car.
Here are your Platinum Reward Benefits!
We yell truck yeah. School says truck no.
Oh, you're missing your teck deck?
Senile lady is senile
Asshole soccer coach gets his comeuppance 
I will make you wait and look poor
Snowman Revenge
The coup de grace
Pretty petty but still satisfying. (first post)
TP'ing house backfires but in the end works out to petty revenge.
Who ya gonna egg?
So I locked the windows. 
Petty revenge...Gone Wrong! *Dun dun duuuun!*
Boss Decides to Bite the Hand that Feeds Him
My friend's asshole housemate.
Don't mess with IT
Ex-bf's car
Who's afraid of the big bad hot sauce?
Petty office revenge. 
Why you don't cut people off.
How I got revenge on my Manager for asking me to "tweak the estimate"
How I made a kid fail 5 straight tests as he tried to copy off me.
Toner? We don't need no stinking toner!
One thing after another
College bitch petty payback
Petty revenge on an online troll
A most masterful cock-block.
Overprivileged Soccer Moms
Taillights? You got it, bud!
Ran into my first boss again recently.
What kind of a discount can you give me?
Cheating gf
Summer camp
She had a flat tire
Generallypositive deals with a douchebag (X-post from r/AskReddit)
Revenge against a deadbeat roommate who liked to read
Valentine's revenge.
Enjoy your carry out
A great prank for the food stealer
Terrible roommate season 2
Car alarm revenge.
Got tired of cold showers
Put the seat down!
You like wasting other people's time? Great! So do I.
A dish best served cold [Community Contest]
A dish best served cold--Community Contest
Parking spot stolen revenge.
Don't mess with IT
When a post has a lot of upvotes...
¡Good luck wiping!
Just load the damn dishwasher
Random guy let the air out of my tires (x-post from r/JusticePorn
Judgemental assistant manager bails on a customer; sticks me with what she thinks is a dud. Sweet sweet karmic revenge.
I hate you.
If the revenge hasn't happened yet, you should probably go to /r/myevilplan
A big thanks to Brezzo for our new revengeful alien!
A big thanks to Brezzo for the new revengeful alien!
Sweet roommate revenge. This one actually got me on CollegeHumor's Roommate confessions. I'll just Copypasta from there.
Constructed a noise machine purposely to annoy my roommate
Fuck you and your H2
Road rage karma.
Learn to park, douchebag...
Backed up by the teacher
I love it when when I bike and some asshole tells me to get off the road…
The conjugation teacher
How I got back at my douchebag roommate who made my life so terrible that I contemplated dropping and transferring to another school (sorry, this is long)
Don't park like a douche...
Don't park like a douche...
How Porsche &amp; VW got revenge on Hedgefund Locusts [Article]
How can I go about getting revenge on a teacher who is failing me for no particular reason?
Roommate paintballed my carMagically delicious revenge
Eat some shit
If you try your best, you can't fail.
Dad also had a teacher who would punish him
Seasons greetings
Revenge while getting "coned"
My personal account with a private school that had corporal punishment.
Fix your damned car horn
So... You like to burn bridges huh?  How about I help you out,  there... 
Don't park so close to me.
Teacher read it herself
Bullies, please don't fuck with people that know how to use computers or technology. 
Old-timey petty revenge
Game Over.
Old, but good: Jimmy Kimmel high-fives the President of the United States
I got some unintentional petty revenge on my shitty landlord
Petty revenge on ex girlfriend
First grade teacher meets her end
My day at the bus stop.
School day revenge
A 14 year old should not be given authority over younger children
She messed with my sleep, I messed with her show
Well, what the hell would you have done?
You wanna keep harassing my sister? Enjoy your lack of phone
My dad had a teacher who used to be beat his students. 40 years later... some petty but satisfying revenge.
Rude cop gets what's coming to him
In case you did not know, here is your hero.
Spoiled kids shouldn't bite their cousins.
Don't touch my laptop. 
Simple daily revenge on crappy customer service rep co-worker
AskReddit thread with lots of excellent revenge stories
Relentlessly Right: Humiliating the teacher who could never be wrong.
A perfect song to listen to while planning your revenge...
Perhaps you'd like to see how awful I can be?
Roommate didnt take out trash... Hope he doesn't enjoy sleep
A particularly annoying coworker -- and how I cope.
Im about to kill someone 
Lady, Your Morning Commute is About to Get a Little Longer
Falsely accuse me of TPing your house? I'll actually TP your house.
Black Friday parking brings out the worst in people . . .
Ikea
Don't like unloading your bar at the gym, huh? That's a damn shame.
Pokemon revenge (x-post from r/pokemon)
High School Vomit Concoction
Park like shit? good luck getting out...
Best served cold.
Leftover food stealing night shift worker gets the night shits.
Mind the door
Respect the man on two wheels.
Crazy roommate gets comeuppance
DirecTV kept sending me unwanted boxes
Stop kicking my chair.
Little Brothers and Nerf Guns
My buddies drunk mom.
xvideo.1 - Pornhub.com
Change lanes without using your blinker and feel my wrath
I know he is very rich and famous but I dont like him
Tell all the bad bitches not to mess with me...I have a breaking point.
Milk is a good source of protein
Renting a van in Miami
Habaneros and drunk people
Getting revenge on my step-mom.
Fat bitch wants more butter in her popcorn
So I over-drafted my bank account on some stupid salsa I wanted for lunch.
Revenge by gourds
Dare to Steal my Dryer? 
i hate my roommate &amp; here is why...
Damn Punk Kids
Rude flier gets a ruder awakening.
Co-worker used up the last of the paperwork and didn't make copies among other things.
Don't mess with a man and his two kids on their night out.. 
Out of area
Purple suction cup dildo revenge.
Cleanse yourself with my piss, cousin.
Just wait in line damn't
Stressed Lady on the subways stairs.
Don't be a kissass.
Helping my friend move
Toilet Paper Revenge
Don't Tape My Back
Roommate problems
Petty childhood revenge.
Revenge on a crappy neighbor
Got the pettiest revenge on a customer. But it was worth it.
The day I knocked a kid out of his canoe
Confirmed my former roommate kept eating my delicious chocolate truffles
revenge on a shite parking job
Prison revenge.  [Crosspost - Comic]
Petty middle school revenge. JusticePorn sent me here. 
Learn to park, seriously.
No please, you go ahead. (X-Post from r/funny)
Oh, well then, after you.  [x-post from r/funny]
Revenge on a double parker
now you have crabs
[Long] Petty Revenge comes back to bite me in the ass for a while before victory!
My buddy's experience at the gas station. (FB) (X-Post from r/funny)
My brother got me into trouble, i covered for him multiple times, and tended to save his ass.
Piss me off with your laundry beeping?  Enjoy 37 minutes wasted.
Nice shoes you have there.
Catching a Capture the Flag cheaterHot Salsa
Stinkin' cop
Don't mess with the MMJ delivery guy.
I need Revenge ideas. (self x-post from r/AskReddit)
Drink my gatorade? No, drink my piss
Little brother got on my facebook and had me come out of the closet.
Best $50 I ever 'made'.
Please help me get some petty revenge!
So my last day of internships came to a close...
Don't mess with your pizza man.
If you're gonna blast music in the early morning hours, don't use WEP.
How to torture your anal retentive father. And the snail-evator.
So this is what I do with Photoshop when mad at my fiancee....
Damn... another flat tire
Recycling Bin Thief
A smelly pox upon your car
My dad's friends at work hid his ladder he did this in retaliation
Noisy Neighbours
My petty revenge rage comic.
Teaching a class? You never know who's in it
sisterly love/hate
My dads story, on the asshole Parker.
Neighbors threw water at me from above.
Website Redirected
Sweet revenge
Request: a petty subtle revenge.
Pot-shots at his grade
Correcting my mid term. 
I told him not to fuck with me
Nothing like sisterly vengeance
Craigslist Scam
What a shitty situation
Uni students can be real children sometimes...(bit of a long one)
Two Sides to one Petty Story
What's a little money between friends?
PettyRevenge, you are my only hope
Broke the news to my Ex Mother-In-Law!
If your gonna ask, ask nicely.
What I do when drivers at night don't turn off their brights...
I hope you didn't like those clothes...
Stay out of my code, fuckface.
Ball Juice Cigarette
Roomate revenge gets MacGyver-y
Payback overkill...
Don't Be a Dick to the Cashier
Primary school bully
Horrible Roommates
Throw away your OWN trash. 
Roommate Revenge.
Sometimes the best petty revenge is living well, and other times it's sending a gift certificate.
Petty Revenge on Roommate
An Hotel based tale of petty revenge...
Bananas, Bikes, and Anchovies
I peed all over a toilet seat because i knew my 
boyfriend's ex was waiting to use the bathroom.
Aromatic Justice
No matter how you slice it, this was a pretty crummy thing to do... I'm sure this'll get a good rise!
Food fights are for children, liquor fights are for immature adults.
Don't bring your expensive crap to school if you're gonna bully
Good luck sleeping
finally got her back!
Revenge over eviction notice.
Fine. Have your yoga mats.
My older brother.
Cooking up some petty revenge.
Laundry revenge
Shitty friend revenge
I'll take care of my own car. You can take care of yours.
My fiance cheated on me with my friend...
Let them drink skim
I'm gonna try this again... Cousins revenge should have been more than petty...
My cousin's revenge should have been severe, came out petty...
The Early Morning Alarm Clock
My cousin's revenge should have been severe, came out petty...
Impatient postman vs stubborn teen
inspired by this classic from 2000 
Boarding school revenge
Dealing with a roommate that used the computer in the middle of the night
Disrespectful brother gets his comeuppances
I need some ideas
copy shop conundrum. "Next, please."
Rival high school crashes party -- a good ol' cockfight ensues
Video game justice
This might be NSFW...
Why are you even yelling at me?
My girlfriend and I need help from the twisted minds at r/pettyrevenge.
The Bird is the Word.
Ex girlfriend jab
Petty and nasty revenge in high school.
The security officer and the cousin.
Don't mess with a girl and her ponies.
Asshole Driver
Secret sauce
My wife can be very vindictive.
I'm sure we have all done this one before...
His shit eating grin
Requesting ideas for petty revenge against a shitty neighbor.
Getting revenge on my step-jackass.
xpost from /r/ImGoingToHellForThis -- Revenge and Shattered Childhood Fantasy
Jealous fat sister. 
At a concert, the girls behind me WOULD NOT SHUT UP. Mall parking lot revenge
Douchebag driver of the day. 
My brother used to steal my headset, but I sorted him out.
Jackass roommate leads to petty revenge
Mitt's facebook page is averaging -4 likes per refresh. Click to watch one man's relevance diminish in realtime.
Throw away your nail clippings.
My petty revenge against lazy grocery store employees
Don't touch my Laundry!!!
My case of petty revenge
I'm uncreative. Help me exact vengance.
Someone else's petty revenge on ME
I regret nothing...
Yu-gi-oh card thief
My petty revenge rage comic didn't get any love on /r/f7u12; maybe you will like it (true story).
The Great Mint Gum Revenge
This guy I know on facebook has been messing with my statuses lately, keep in mind that he is a hardcore Democrat and despises Romney.
My friend has a portable cellphone jammer that she takes with her to the library and movies.
Somehow, I feel like this fits the "petty revenge" category. (Warning: Politics) x-posted from /r/politics
College Roommate
Dorm roomie revenge.
My car is JUST small enough to teach this lady not to take up two spots [x-post from r/pics]
Calling all Servers of Reddit!
A normal event in the neighborhood
Eating fists
I quit my job. Next Friday is my last day. Reddit, help me exact petty revenge on my lazy-ass colleague.
A tale of petty revenge at the Borderlands 2 midnight release
Waiters, don't mess with the hostess
Stinky revenge on a Pog thief. 
Another irate hospitality worker.
Another pissed off hospitality worker.
Advice on how to subtly fuck with my neighbor
Oh it's a neighborly day in the neighborhood...
She got a plateful
Karmic Justice for Fat Chick.
Don't be a douche when you sleep in a barracks.
Neighbor vs neighbor.
Petty father, petty son
A Polite "No" would have Sufficed but...
Old grumpy bastard got bested!
Pizza crusts (xpost from r/funny)
I too smashed a N64... and a PS1.
Job site revenge
Milky revenge on rude woman
Didn't steal from my ex, but gave him more than he wanted when he moved out instead
Serves them right for shining a laser pointer into my apartment....
Balls on your pillow
Don't ride on a person's ass while driving.
dont be a dick on steam
She bumped her shopping cart into mine at the store
Don't be an asshole
"Would you like to dona-  ok fine.."
I get my revenge on Burger King, and a drunk dude gets off easy. 
You don't want to use my bags? I don't want to buy your stuff.
Queue jumper
Don't throw the controller
I live with an adult child...
Take that, milk thief! [x-post from /r/funny]
Anal Overkill
The serial masturbator and the boarding school redemption. 
Revenge ideas needed
You want my WHAT!? I'll sooner see it destroyed.
Need help getting back at a douche. Ideas?
Hallways and Elevators
a petty revenge, and karma's revenge
Sabotaged some douche's shopping bag in the name of petty. 
I don't really have a story. Just wanted to say thank you.
three hole punched? sure thing.
Enjoy your soup bitch.
Don't fuck with cyclists
No, owning a Ferrari does not give you permission to speed, nor overtake on a suburban road
Petty snow revenge.
Maybe not that petty; but quite artistic... and shitty
How I slayed the coffee-spilling beast (Kill it with kindness)
As a bartender, I do a lot of petty things
Doctor Douchebag Ph.D
Doctor Douchebag Ph.D
Don't treat your rental car like shit.
Boating trip.

Over-reacting neighbor bans friend from my car due to bald tires
Don't mess with the hostess
Slow drivers in the passing lane look out...
Don't Honk III
Mopeds are not bicycles. (x/post from AskReddit)
Asshole on the train
Some guy tried to squeeze my arse
Are we going to slow for you? Well, I can go slower if you like.
Why you don't laugh at another man's car
Pettiest of the Pettiest Winner: secant90
Case 2: The angry Driver
Wi-Fi Revenge
I couldn't take the stench
My first taste of redneck revenge
Make fun of my phone? You lost your job.
Coke Plus
Got hit by a car, destroyed her iPhone.
Got hit by a car while riding my bike, revenge was had.
Don't spit on people who know where you live
Sacred Pizza
Petty Revenge Worked So Well it backfired
The glory daysMy vengeful coworker
I make your food, the story of an idiot coworker.
I know your weakness
Hit by a car?  Best friend to the rescue!
You're gonna tailgate me with your brights on? (5:30 AM) 
Wrong number, bro.
Parking revenge
Don't Mess with my Private Space
Stop Copying!
Don't Honk II
Bad mouthed little girl
Huge asshole tastes my asshole, for 16 months.
My vengence reaches no bounds.
Make my day, I'll make your pizza buddy!
Anon's Revenge
Don't bully me.
My. Effing. Oreos.
One year of revenge
Sharpening pencils
My calculus teacher scheduled our 2nd midterm for the Monday after Thanksgiving weekend. Any ideas for some petty revenge?
Sent roommates back to the Dark Ages...
Hotel neighbor leaves TV blaring all day, all night. I take my (petty) revenge.
I'll Strangle Your Bananas
Got my own against a crazy little snot in Navy Basic Training
Revenge for a jerk who popped my balloon
Every dog has its day.
If you're a sacker, don't be a cunt to your cashier.
I've had two bikes stolen, one of the times I was able to steal it back.  
Roommate Revenge
Paying the idiot tax
Cross paths with cross driver.
Making use of the student council shirt.
The petty revenge Chosen One.
Apt. temperature conflicts
Don't lean back in your chair!
How to deal with idiots with fountain pens
Obnoxious Cousin
I think this belongs here. Dude sticks it to towing company by paying his fine in pennies; cops are called, they take the towee's side.
You'll just have to wait...
10 YEAR REVENGE PLANS, AND A FEW USEFUL POINTERS ON WHAT TO DO AND WHAT NOT TO DO
Run-over Another Snowman, Jackass—I can build these all day.
I confront people who break the rules in Japan
Rude manager that would use printer often, I'd disconnect it everyday until almost got caught by Mexican spy in the shadows
elsestarwrk covertly disconnects his manager's printer for months
Bartender's Petty Revenge
Move your car.
Don't fuck with your grocer.
Teething brat gets more than he expects
Girls are bitches. 
Working at a local grocery store (Marc's)
I entered a contest to write a funny headline about an optimistic future of Detroit: "All Graduates Tie for Valedictorian Honor, A First In Detroit History," and a person named Asia G. is voting for herself with fake email addresses to beat me, so I posted it on Reddit so the world would know.
Amateur wrestler's revenge
Road Rage Revenge
Moving day revenge.
"Over a month ago, our neighbors stole $90 worth of alcohol from us..."
My brother kept finding scraps of food next to his mailbox that kept stray cats in his yard. Found out one night who was doing it...
Tailgating revenge 
This subreddit should be renamed r/TodayIwasAnAsshole
How a plumber deals with a bad customer
People who speed on the highway.
Scarred him for a month
Weeaboo Justice
Bike revenge
My boyfriend cheated on me
The Case of the Yogurt Catapult.
crazy neighbor and my family's petty revenges against her - part one
I walked slowly in front of two people who walked slowly in front of me
Starbucks revenge
Ah, Christmas!
Change?
One from my dad's navy days
Three people who tormented me had terrible things happen to them all within about a year of each other. [Story includes injury and death]
My step brother decided to change my music, so I slowed Reddit by 1 whole second
Oh, you want to pay with pennies, eh?
Rule #1: Never mess with the people that handle your food.
No tip No drink
These people could learn a thing or two from r/pettyrevenge.
Welcome to the building neighbor!!! "Unbeknown to you" if you want a parking spot you need to pay for it, glad you and your Hyundai figured out where the free parking is.....
Don't take my cookie.
Find a Different Spot.
I kept the change
A feature that may be good for this Subreddit.
McDonald's 
When I Get an Insulting or Incredibly Ignorant Reply, I Go Downvote All of That Person's Posts.
The Eye of Truth
A cunt for a cunt.
My first crush...
Apartment neighbors left their old couch in the downstairs lobby
If you're in a band and you hire a lighting company to do one of your shows, don't say you spent all your money on beer and can't pay for lighting right before you go on.
So i ran into my old boss...
A Cheater's Car
Bitch hit me with a hockey stick
Don't honk
I request revenge help from you creative minds. (X-post from r/askreddit
Annoying kids in the cinema
Cheater Drives a Saturn
Made another soldier puke.
Late to work. 
Road Rage
Another reason to not park like an assholeOrdered a #1 hamburger meal at the Wendy's drive thru
A personal favorite technique
Evil elementary school girl
Ha! Now you smell like shit
Fun at McDonalds - Maybe I wasn't very nice
My crazy ex college roommate who frequently overdrank peed in my trash can....
"Hurry-the-fuck-up-with-my-fries Bitch!"
Revenge from a fast food worker
Some kids from another campsite were shining a laser pointer in my friends eyes when we we camping.
Mugged at knifepoint
Shop class revenge
The curious case of hairy shower
The Pettiest of the Pettiest (Sir! With honors!) [Community Contest]
Don't ever give me blue balls. 
Got revenge on bully in 4th grade.
"Shittergate"
Throwaway here, because this proves how big of an asshole I am
Link to the mother-load of pettiness and where most of you probably came from.
Farted back at girlfriend
A guy called my GF a bitch...
Don't be a dick to the sound guy
Friend slapped me in the face a few times to wake me up.
Asshole shop owner accuses me of stealing, so I actually steal from him
My petty (and ongoing) revenge against a CEO.
How dare you assault my beloved family pet...
Message from the mod
Got back at my ex...
She used me, i got even...
Petty Revenge On Parents
Revenge a dish best served while at soccer practice ?
dumb sluts beware...
No tip for me? No liquor for you!
Classic that I read back around 2000.  Revenge on biting kid.
Music to my ears
10th grade ski trip, wall of text.
See a bad parking job? Leave one of these on their car.
Borderline Pedophile at work, PISSED me off.
My own Scumbag Steve gets a taste of his own medicine.
I Squeezed His Fruit
How I ended my first major relationship
When I hear music I dislike from the car next to me, I blast dubstep at them...
Petty in Uniform, or, Don't piss off Maintenance
I was a pretty vengeful child
Burt's bees pee
Can we use this subreddit to also ask for suggestion?
Stabbed my twin out for eating my ramen
Don't jack that pig yo
My favorite revenge. 
I made my mom believe she had no talent at her hobbie.
Sweet revenge from a younger brother
For those of you who are a little more evil.
Traffic Direction
This is what happens when you park like an asshole.  My car is the silver one.
One of the earlier revenge stories I remember from the internet
Bad parking.
Annoying kid shot a water gun at me...
Superglue.
When was a time when your petty revenge came back to nip you in the butt?
My shitty roommate (warning: wall of text)
Message to all /r/pettyrevenge subscribers. Not a story. Sorry.
He should have left my bike alone
sisterly hate relationship
I guess I'll start eh?
my mom one time grounded me for not eating my vegtables, you know what i did? i cut off her head and skull fucked the shit out of her eye sockets, then i ground up her body fucked it some more and fead it to my dog. reddit when was the last time YOU got friend zoned?
Funny (if not necessarily "passive-aggressive") notes from pissed-off people
my mom one time grounded me for not eating my vegtables, you know what i did? i cut off her head and skull fucked the shit out of her eye sockets, then i ground up her body fucked it some more and fed it to my dog. reddit when was the last time YOU got friend zoned? 
The post that started it all