Nhờ khả năng xay giò chả tốt với tỷ lệ giò chả chết ≈ 0%, máy xay giò chả lụa 5kg là thiết bị quan trọng trong dây chuyền sản xuất giò chả. Nếu bạn đang cần tìm loại máy có khả năng xay tốt, phù hợp với quy mô sản xuất vừa ( #máyxaygiòchả5kg #máyxaythịt5kg
Oatmeal Valentine’s Cookies with Cream Cheese Frosting
Bombolini
Sugar Cookies and Amaretti Cookies
braised oxtail ragu with polenta
Jamaican Fried Dumpling
crepes with strawberries and creme
Ricotta gnocchi with alfredo, drizzled with a sage brown butter, topped with shaved black truffle. Bonus garlic rosemary focaccia bread!
Pollo, Asada, Carnitas, and Barbacoa Tacos
Beef goulash my friends and I made a few months back
"" Freshmax
Have some watermelon with us.
Baklava
3 cheese Mac &amp; Cheese
My 3rd attempt at quarantine cakes. How did I do for my mom's birthday cake?
Easy Rajma Masala Rice ""
Butter chicken, garlic butter rice, samosas, naan and green chutney.
Rainbow Cookies
chickpeas with spinach
Bint al-sahn is a Yemeni sweet food .. one of the best ... add honey .. by My aunt
Coca cola bottle cake
Strawberry and vanilla cream cake
Ethiopian Dinner - Injera, Shiro, Je beg tibs, vegetables
Sushi
This probably a little late but letting her choose my drink was the best decision ever 10/10 would recommend
Fried egg tofu with thick ginger garlic gravy to go with some tom yum soup. Delish!
This is what  for snack, cereal with unsweetened almond milk and rice.
Orange chicken and fried rice - ironically proud to say it looks just like takeout!
Shrimp and veggie tempura with miso aioli
Pan seared Steelhead trout, cilantro avocado sauce, saffron basmati, fried asparagus, broccoli, and shallots,
A NYE feast with rare steak, truffle parmesan baked oysters, charcuterie, luck and money.
Cast iron hot link pizza
Roasted Butternut Squash Casserole Recipe
Striped Sugar Cookies
pumpkin pie, seeds, and muffins
Tostada de Ceviche de Camaron (Shrimp)
Burgers and Big Mac Sauce
GÃY RĂNG vì món PIZZA SỎI ĐÁ - Lina Tik Mukbang ASMR/Kluna tik eating Style
Awesome Burger!
Brownie cookies
Dungeness crab rangoon with gochujang dip
Apple lattice pie
healthy burger
Tonkatsu
Almost Vietnamese Pho
Herd immunity
Sensex dons best B-day suit, posts 2nd-highest rise ever of 2,315 points - Times of India
Pasta with pot roast, sour cream, Parmesan and parsley
Duck roasting with potatoes
Poached Salmon with Yogurt Dill Sauce
Al Pastor Burrito pre wrapping
Fried Breaded Shrimp on a Rack
Trying to make bolognese with mushrooms. Running on low heat for the last 30 mins.
Flower Kimbap (구절판김밥)
Wild Salmon w/ Lobster-Bacon Chowder
Brazilian pianist regains the ability to play the piano after 22 years
",`
Cast Iron Depp Dish
I spent 20 minutes making the best roast beef sandwich I've ever eaten
Grilled Artichokes
Korean Fire Cauliflower
My gf made shortbread cookies with edible flowers that she planted in our balcony garden - video in comment
Sourdough Focaccia w/ Garlic and Rosemary
Chicken ramen with tea stained egg
Sous Vide London Broil, Parmesan crusted baby eggplant, butter poached lobster mushrooms, and Heirloom Tomato Salad
Cajun Smoked Turkey
Shepard’s Pie with truffle morel gravy old cheddar and served with sautéed chicken of the woods, garden fresh veggies.
Cinnamon &amp; sugar hushpuppy, blueberry habanero hot sauce, dehydrated jalapeno.
My  Chocolate Truffles
Peppermint oreos
My  Pumpkin Pie Oatmeal Recipe!
Sourdough Pepperoni Pizza
Eggs in puff pastry with grilled bell peppers &amp; onion served with breakfast sausage &amp; bacon.
Pink Apple Juice from red apples
Pastel de Tres Leches
Phổ
Pork verde chili
brisket ragu, fresh fettuccine and parm
Katsu Bento Box
Daulat ki Chaat
Chicken Cordon Blue with a Dijon Parmesan sauce.
Soyu Ramen
ნიგვზიანი ბადრიჯანი (Nigvziani Badrijani) Georgian walnut-stuffed eggplant rolls!
Bruchetta and Crostini
Pasta alla Gricia
vegetables with saffron sauce, rice and salmon
Rogan Josh with garlic and coriander naan. BIR style
Filet Mignon and Snow Crab dinner for the 14 year old.
I made pineapple upside down cake!
Death by Chocolate Cake covered with White Cream :)
rose apple pie!
Daniel Tiger cupcakes
chicken tikka, rice and naan.
French onion soup!
Broccoli, fried chicken and some Chinese cabbage i made this night
Chicken Masli
Meatloaf - Mushroom Gravy - Mashed Potatoes
Pickled red onion
Fusili &amp; Rigatoni
“” Copycat Travis Scott Burger
Chashu pork sandwich
Brioche donut, vanilla ice cream, salted caramel, Meyer lemon marmalade, brown butter powder
Cinnamon rolls with strawberry icing and chocolate hearts
Dry Aged NY Strip with Cheddar &amp;Roasted Garlic Mashed potatoes topped with bacon, sautéed portobello and button mushrooms, and asparagus rubbed with roasted garlic and also oven roasted
Patty Melt with caramelised onions and sriracha/Mayo sauce.
A foray into the world of cake baking and decorating. Sticky date cake with toffee ermine buttercream, meringue trees, toffee mud &amp; candy rocks. A thankyou for a snow-bound 4x4 rescue.
“Chicken Fried Chicken”
Impossible "Meat" Pie
chai tea latte
Applewood Smoked Pastrami
Ahi Tuna w/Golden Berry salsa on white rice.
Bolognese toastie with a garlic bread crust
Cilantro Lime Southwest Salad with Carne Asada
Rack of Lamb with a Lavender Pistachio crust
Thanksgiving dinner. Chicken thigh, mushroom, asparagus, rainbow carrots, and butternut squash
shrimp risotto
4 Cheese Grilled Cheese
Spätzle with mountain-cheese and chanterelles
Chicken Tacos
Croissants.
Frittelle di Patate Dolci
mini cheesecakes with strawberry topping
Máy xao chà bông 10kg, hay còn gọi là máy rang ruốc giúp rang nhanh, đều và tiết kiệm thời gian, công sức so với các cách rang chà bông truyền thống bằng chảo, nồi nhỏ. #máyrangchàbông10kg #máyxaochàbông10kg
Sirloin steak pasta.
Chocolate Stuffed French Toast
apple crisp.
Made apple muffins
chocolate
frittatona
Indian Street Style Bhel
Christmas French stone crab Mayo
Candle cake: chocolate layers with peppermint filling and a white chocolate buttercream/drip
5 cheese veggie lasagna and greek salad
Made the best stake/meal of my life last night! Smoked the house out though...
passion fruit macarons
Friday Night Orange Chicken
beans, bangers &amp; mash
Bacon Cups are so cute
9 years old  Cute Boy making Food in a huge pan roadside
Carrot cake
Jerk chicken, rice &amp; peas and festival
Apple Cider Doughnut Cupcakes w/ Brown Sugar &amp; Cinnamon buttercream
Young Guns Cold Smoked Wings oc
Slow-cooked pork
He’s a bit shy🥺
Popcorn shrimp
Braised beef poutine with Cahors red wine gravy.
Ratatouille based on the movie, single chive garnish and all.
Sonoma Chicken Salad Wraps!
beet ravioli doppi stuffed with braised pork cheek, apple butter, and caramelized onion
Rump steak, egg &amp; caramelised onion bagel
Fried chicken
burger buns
Don't know which of 100 cooking subs to ask this. Looking for help identifying this cookware brand
pancake with ice cream and fruits
New food channel to you tube
Pancakes!
Freshly-baked, cheesy, eggy croissant sandwich
Red Braised Pork Belly （紅燒肉）
Roasted Red Pepper and Sweet Potato Soup, White Bread Loaf and Mozzarella Stuffed Garlic Rolls.
Handmade linguini in a white wine lemon sauce topped with seared scallops
Chocolate Mint Shortbreads
Cheesy Chipotle Shrimp &amp; Grits! Was inspired by yesterday's posting of the Green Chilli S&amp;G.
Ahi Tuna Poke bowl
stuffed chicken wrapped in bacon
Carrot and Walnut Birthday cake
pulled chicken tacos!
Potato Leek Soup w/Chopped Crispy Tot Garnish.
Egg and cheese breakfast sandwich with avocado, Turkey bacon, cut up chicken and Mayo and salsa
pulled pork
https://ift.tt/35TYmZs
Plant-based italian sausages with peppers, onions, and homemade marinara coupled with roasted brussel sprouts and mushrooms topped with havarti cheese and a balsamic reduction
Vegetable Chowmein
Rye bread
Seared pork chop, apple quinoa and butternut squash purée
Milk sweets
I made Bruschetta with my Chocolate Sprinkles tomatoes, before a one-day freeze blows through tomorrow.
got snowed in, so I decided to make Chinese egg noodles from scratch!
Just in Case You Don’t Know
Creme Brûlée with backyard-grown black raspberries
a platter of German food for Valentine’s dinner
blue/black berry cheesecake
Beef Barria Tacos.
pulled chicken with BBQ sauce, Carolina slaw, cheesy grits, corn, and peas
pulled pork nachos
Seafood risotto with fresh seafood in a butter, garlic and lemon sauce
Grilled pork chop with grilled vegetable medley, and a grilled "baked" potato.
Shrimp risotto with spinach
Hennessy caramels
Cheeseburger with homemade buns and potato croquettes (store-bought)
Rishabh Pant was compared to MS Dhoni and now to Wriddhiman Saha, give him a break, says R Ashwin - Hindustan Times
shrimpsandwich De Lux
Hot Honey Pizza
Halal Guys Combo Platter
Triple Decker BLT
Beef Wellington and root vegetable mash.
Fried Rice with Chicken Nuggets in Teriyaki Sauce
rosemary and garlic confit Dutch oven bread
Triple chocolate fudge cake with chocolate buttercream and milk chocolate ganache.
Japanese beef hot pot - Sukiyaki
Charcuterie-board(s)
Shrimp pasta with a sweet garlic sauce (garnished with a bay scallop)
a different type of baklava!
Shashuka
vanilla snowman cake
Coffee cake with cinnamon sugar streusel topping - perfect with a hot cup of coffee!
Nacho
NY style pizza with mushrooms, prosciutto, and home-cured salami
Avocado Soup with Chilli Flakes.
rice and chicken
Spicy chicken tacos (with home grown tomatoes, habanero peppers and lettuce)
Fried chicken with spicy farfalle
Chinese-Style Dry-Fried Green Beans with Garlic
Pizza with pepperoni, pickled jalapeno, fresh mozzarella, hot honey and a spicy garlic tomato sauce
Steak &amp; Pan-seared Tomatoes
Fish BBQ with bread recipe
Lentil soup with meatballs, and rice
Crack chicken for breakfast, anyone?
roasted pork, asparagus, breadfruit tostones and cauliflower fried rice
Pressure cooked Asari clam rice, poached teow chiew bok choy, seared scallops, steamed minced pork egg custard
sous vide ribeye and curry over rice
Niçoise Salad with Tuna
pork katsu curry ramen
eggs, berkshire bacon, onions
Sweet potato, mushroom, salami and feta quiche.
caught and picked crabcakes with a lil Mayo
gluten free mini pies for my GF GF. Root veg, romanesco and egg, mushroom onion, and apple beet.
Oat apple pie
Crispy Fried Chicken
Glazed lemon blueberry muffins
White bean chili and jalepeno cornbread
San Bei Ji (Three Cup Chicken)
Pizza with Salami, Prosciutto, Roasted Red Peppers, Garlic, Black Olives, and Red Onion.
Shrimp Stew
Simple Ramen Recipe -
Spam Musubi.
Milo ice cream
Fish tacos and rice, sans tortilla.
strawberry shortcake
Ever make something so good that you couldn’t replicate it ever again because you didn’t measure anything? Happen to me with my homemade 4 meat 4 bean chili. I don’t think I’ll ever be able to replicate the taste when I made it.
Pan seared Brussel sprouts
Made pizza in my pellet grill! Used some fresh veggies from the garden. Will be hard to ever order delivery again..
Tonkotsu style ramen
Strawberry Cheesecake Icecream
Haha me again back with the question of what is this food from an anime called?
breakfast platter
Polish Faworki
Squid ink pasta and a cheese board with Feta-filled olives
Pepperoni &amp; Hot Soprasata Pizza
Pan-dropped cookies
Lasagna with meat and “hidden” veggie sauce.
Taro root recipe
chocolate dipped strawberries given to me by a friend she made them
MARKET LIVE: Sensex, Nifty trade flat
Shrimp Cocktail
"" pizza top picture: Pepperoni and mushroom bottom picture: chorizo sausage,pepperoni, mushroom and red onion
First homemade burger buns
idk 'bout y'all but in my head this dish makes sense
nduja, jalapeño, fresh mozzarella and hot honey pizza
Venison Bourguignon with Pappardelle Pasta
Challah bread!
Happy Gameday Everyone!
Pork feet (a.k.a. "minister's feet")
Clam Chowder on a fish shaped plate
cornmeal-dusted amberjack, sweet potato purée, white beech mushrooms, snow pea microgreens
Levain chocolate chip cookies
momo
Chocolate Pistachio Tarts
cold water oyster
Argentinian empanadas
Chicken Cordon Bleu, Spaetzle, Acorn Squash, Brussel Sprouts
Classic Steak Dinner!
Avocado toast
Tocilog (Filipino breakfast: Cured meat, fried rice and scrambled eggs)
grilled ribeye
Eating DOG FOOD and CARTOON DOG for Dinner - Kluna Tik ASMR Mukbang soun...
meatball sub.
Khachapuri and herbed lamb meatballs in sugo
challenge things get heated at the end
Almond Flour Brownies
Lamb over a garlic yucca purée with a coconut curry sauce
Honey and sugar cookies.
organic ox steak with oven vegetables and beans
Fried egg on toasted bagel with avacado and cottage cheese
Pepperoni Bacon Pizza
submarine sandwich
I made chicken pot pie with cheddar biscuits
eggs benedict with sliced cherry tomatoes
Pork al pastor
This meat free lasagne I made the other weekend
Chicken breast and cheese dinner recipe
Alfredo Spaghetti with Mushrooms and Chicken
Asian BBQ chicken wings
Every year I make a special cheesecake, this year was Caramel Apple and I'm proud of how well it turned out :)
Black Forest Gateau Cake
13-hour smoked brisket
Baked buffalo wings and chunky blue cheese dip
Beer and maple glazed chicken pops with corn and bacon. 😱😱😱
Fried Shrimp &amp; French Fries
Eggplant Parmigiana Pizza
Cinnamon/Sugar &amp; Chocolate Donuts
Pancake - Tiramisu 'cake'
Chicken Parmesan w/Basil
Beef Brisket Flat
Scallops, mussels in a creamy white wine sauce with garlic bread
crepes stuffed with bananas, strawberries, hazelnut spread
Surat Thani oysters with Thai style condiments.
Three cheese bread balls with a butter, garlic, basil, thyme and chilli basting.
a classic chocolate birthday cake
Best mate bought this for my birthday. How do I do it justice?
Banana Oatmeal whit apples
Marmalade and dark chocolate ganache tart
Grilled chicken breast with garlic lime sauce and some roasted vegetables
Sourdough Bread
Wendy's Secret Diners Wanted! Worth $100.
Thanksgiving Themed Cheesecake
Jhal-Muri
Reverse sear Sous Vide Newyork Strip
Cheese Pizza on Tomato Pizza Dough
Butterscotch Spice Cookies. Easy peasy with a cake mix starter.
chicken with potatoes and salad
bourbon chicken
Buttermilk Pancakes
Japanese Egg Sandwich
Cinnamon buns with lemon glaze
Greek meatballs and green olives with lemon orzo over whipped feta topped with sundried tomatoes
Sea scallops and truffle wild mushroom risotto
Seared Scallops in Romesco Sauce
Lebanese BBQ
Ribeye steak!
Cake completely coated and decorated in Swiss Merengue Buttercream. Top tier is red velvet, middle tier is pumpkin and bottom tier is funfetti.
Pastrami sandwich with pesto
Miso ramen with tonkotsu broth &amp; kakuni
chocolate berry muffins
Sorry but I can’t post images on r/cooking or anywhere else, so anybody know what the heck is this and how to eat/cook? I’ll delete when it’s solved.
Pastrami from home-corned brisket
Bacon, egg and cheese sandwiches on buttered and toasted burger buns
Tortilla de papas
Backyard corn, tomatoes and basil with spicy panchetta in lobster bisque with egg pappardelle
I was shocked at how good all of it was!
The Daft Punk (Mozzarella, goat cheese, honey and red pepper flakes)
My  vietnamese spring rolls
Sincerity chicken from chinatownnnn! The best!!!
Onion tarte tartin
Cheeseburger XXL
Had a craving so put together a ramen meal for lunch!
Sushi. Tuna roll and salmon
chicken curry
Chocolate Guinness/Stout Cake
French toast Turkey bacon oranges and a hash brown patty
Scones
Amazing and Easy Meat Meal
Homemade French Bread , 1st try!
Baklava
Chili fried chicken with chapati, pickled lime and lemonade
only effort this. (Student's life)
Hotdog and Velveeta sauce French bread pizza that my son requested for his 6th birthday
Sea scallops wrapped in bacon off the smoker
fusion Chinese dinner
chocolate and peanut butter cheesecake
Beef Rendang
Wagyu chuck steak with sauteed vegetables
Lose weight instantly!  A Must Watch!
Haradrim Tagine
Kabobs, Rice, Grilled Tomato and Hummus
tarte with pears and frangipane
Short ribs on a parsnip purée
pepperoni pizza with fresh mozzarella and 2-day dough
🍪 Dawn Chocolate Cookie 🍪 just EAT IT !!
Chocolate, Coconut, Cranberry, &amp; Caramel (DF &amp; GF, Coconut Sugar Caramel Sauce Not Pictured)
Baratta with EVOO sautéed tomatoes and toasted fresh Italian bread
this Thanksgiving-type panini with turkey, provolone, mayo, stuffing, cranberry sauce, gravy on the side
Paella mixta
chicken taco soup with cheese and sour cream
steamed dumplings
turkey burger with fried cheese and spinach
- I tried to make my usual Aglio e Olio a little healthy with some boiled broccoli, lettuce, zucchini and cherry tomatoes.
the most DELICIOUS korean corndogs!
Cured salmon
Five-Alarm Chili
Chicken parmegiana spaghetti with homemade tomato sauce. (I was looking forward to start posting here)
Saffron shrimp risotto
Spaghetti &amp; Meatballs in a Tomato &amp; Mascarpone Sauce
Honeycomb Bee Cake
"" Semiya payasam easy
Fact check: Viral video doesn't reveal sights, sounds of Mars from Perseverance rover - Yahoo News
Portobello stuffed with spinach
"" chicken Manchurian with Vegetable fried rice
How to cook beef perfectly
Rolls
Stuffed mushrooms with goat’s cheese and polenta
Italian Hot Peppers and Pork Chop
Strawberry and cream roulade
Pork Marsala
Fettuccini Bolognese with cheese of the Parmesan
Deluxe pizza
"The Daydream": Honey roasted turkey, hickory smoked bacon, muenster cheese, homegrown tomatoes, homemade jalapeno-infused cucumbers (brining kit), potato chips, sandwich dressing and honey mustard on a buttered, toasted hoagie roll.
Spaghetti aglio olio w/ sun dried tomatoes.
My Friday night,  not the prettiest but it was super yummo, nachos
Double Smashed Oklahoma Onion Burger
Baja Shrimp Tacos
Blue Waffle, with blue vanilla cream.
Roasted Polenta Sticks
Prawn fry
Saag Paneer with rice and paratha
Garlic &amp; Cashew Turkey. Onion, parsley, tomato, herbs &amp; spices, cream.
spicy ramen and played video games
Sourdough donuts filled with passion fruit curd
sweet potato chili with cheese and sour cream
Chocolate/banana muffin, poached pear, homemade gelato, mango reduction
Charcoal Grilled Tomahawk Ribeye with baked potato and green salad.
Fluffy scrambled eggs (and hashbrown patties)
Baked chicken breast stuffed with spinach, feta cheese, and sun dried tomatoes.
Looking for garlic citrus chimichurri sauce that’s the similar to what
a vegi full EnglishArlo rounds out its budget security camera tier with two new Essential models
Nawabi Paneer Curry
sourdough for mom
Huesca vs Barcelona, La Liga: Final Score 0-1, Barça cruise to victory on the road - Barca Blaugranes
https://ift.tt/36hidC6
Easy Albondigas soup.
Matcha Lemon, Honey Dew, and Chocolate Love Cake
The Mars Rover Viral Video Going Around Isn’t What It Seems - Forbes
Semolina Halva
Roast beef dinner
Oysters Kilpatrick!
BLC w/cheese.
Cake roll with homemade raspberry jam,cream cheese with double cream and covered in marzipan.
The remains of six, missing for days, were found today in the yard of a Conway homeowner. Among the grisly remains were pheasant, mallard, monkey, octopus, and another, too mangled for a positive ID. Still missing but feared dead are hippo, bear, and monkey- We have a suspect - she refuses to talk
Roast Beef Sandwich
Peanut butter, bacon, over easy egg, American cheese on a pretzel roll.
Chaat Recipes
Honey &amp; Mustard glazed Gammon
Steak and potatoe
licorice sticks with spaghetti inside
Karjalanpiirakka
When Virat Kohli felt like the 'loneliest guy in the world' - Times of India
My Cajun chicken &amp; pork chops before they go on the grill! Happy labor day!
Vietnamese meatballs (Xíu Mại)
Mayak Eggs (Korean marinated eggs)
Chicken Fettuccine Alfredo
Parmesan crusted pork chops, asparagus, and shells and cheese. Very delicious!
Four cheese pepperoni pizza
Smoked turkey legs with ancho chili rub
French Toast Breakfast Sandwich
Non-baked chocolate cookies
baked tilapia with (mostly) plain fried rice
Christmas Yule Log
Chicken and Potatoes
Smoked Ribeye, mashed potatoes and greens
Chicken Savoy wings
HK style crispy roast chicken wings
Honey Oat Wheat Bread
I tried the Adam Ragusea fries!
Hot Pot Sunday
6 hour smoked St. Louis ribs
raw naturally cloudy Apple Juice without added sugar
Swedish vegan Xmas table made in the microwave! ✨❄️☃️
Sweet potato and veggie hash with sliced beef sausage
baked cookie pie
Carnitas, Black Beans, Rice and Plantains
Fish curry
Turkish eggs
bread rolls, corn soup, zaatar cauliflower salad, mashed potatoes, roasted sweet potato with miso and scallion, buttermilk brined turkey, gravy, cranberry sauce, stuffing
Pineapple and Kiwi with Basil Syrup
Pork Sauce over Rice with Taiwanese Sausage, Tea Egg and Picked Veggies
Vanilla and coconut Macarons
I put eggs and oysters in Korean ramen with 3 kimchi
Ramen!
tuna tartare tacos
Hamburgers with homemade brioche buns, thousand island sauce, avocado, tomato, lettuce, American cheese (and garlic fries on the side).
Squid Adobo
Short Rib in Red Wine, Soft Polenta.
Green chile stew
Cheeseburger with ham, bacon and eggs
Breakfast sandwiches: fried chicken breast, egg, Gouda cheese, homemade pickles on bagels
Frankenstein; Cuban style sandwich-inside a burrito shell. Bojillo bun,Smoked pork, pork loin, pickles, Mayo, mustard, butter, fresh mozzarella, jack cheese, Swiss, refried beans and queso fresco.
Garlic and Sage Pork with Warm Apple &amp; Radicchio salad
samosas
toasted brioche with lox sautéed spinach and poached egg topped with dill
Fresh popcorn with a light drizzle of spicy ginger caramel.
Roast Turkey with Lemon, Parsley, and Garlic
Grouper Tacos with Guac &amp; Slaw
Pepperoni pizza.. and a begger
Tsukemen with hand-pulled noods
Pumpkin pie filled bread
maple chicken. Everything except raising the chicken is home made, even the potatoes and beans were grown from home!
Chilaquiles Verde
vanilla cake with blue raspberry crunch filling and american butter cream with a Rice Krispie treat titanic
Cranberry tart with meringues, rosemary sprigs, sugared cranberries and blackberries
Eco Eats Community Food App
Turkey, mashed potatoes, etc.
sous vide reverse sear Prime ribeye
gajar ka halwa | carrot halwa
bang bang shrimp pasta
Croque Madame
tofu stir fry with rice
Doc990 Sri Lanka’s fastest and smartest digital health service provider
Crispy And Crunchy Potato Cheese Balls ""
Sweet potato pie
Italian Genovese Focaccia with onions
birria tacos
Ramen w/ Hoisin Glazed Skirt Steak
goat’s cheese tart
Advocaat
Morning Feast “”
Roast pork tenderloin, Bourbon dijon pan sauce, roasted asparagus &amp; pureed potato
Teriyaki Stir-Fry w/ Rice Noodles
Chicken Chow Mein || Spaghetti || Noodles || Pasta by Life with Rooshi
Mexican cookies &amp; boozy hot chocolate
My mom’s handed down homemade recipe for Thanksgiving stuffing, done the old fashioned way with a mat grinder
Beef-pork-sausage meatballs with tomato and carrot Marinara sauce, spaghetti and Grana Padano
Decadent chocolate cake
Banh mi
Pumpkin Skillet Coffee Cake With Streusel Topping
Jalapeño Burger
Spicy chicken breast with tomatoes and Gorgonzola cheese crumbles.
Fries Chicken Sauce Burger
Surf n turf consisting of a filet mignon and scallops w/ sides
Chili
Bruschetta chicken in a cast iron skillet
Copy cat lettuce wraps!
steak + eggs
was craving a burger!
Garlic Shrimp
Yellowtail Sushi Burrito
biscuits for breakfast sandwiches.
Potatoes and eggs with sautéed jalapeños, onions, garlic and cheese. Hot sauce and sour cream on top.
Bourbon pecan cake with browned butter and maple Italian meringue buttercream
Our take on Supreme Pizza
Chocolate Fondue
Shredded beef chili with chedar jalapeno corn bread.
Tres Leches
Paqui Fiery chip....is it hot? or just another way to get you to buy the chips...Lets find out on todays review
Dominos
Fillet Steak Salad - Spicey dry rub marinade on meat and balsamic vinaigrette on salad.
Watermelon Juice with Palm Candy and lemon
Chicken Sandwhich; Home Baked Buns, Starch Heavy Buttermilk Fried Chicken, Homegrown Pickles, Chipotle Mayo
amazing baklava
Frank's Red Hot Crispy Tenders with a Honey-Ranch Drizzle
Pelmeni
Buffalo chicken pizza!
adult lunchable (aka charcuterie board)
Thatte Idli + Chutneys &amp; Sambar (Steamed Rice cakes)
Sauteed Garlic Asparagus
Pork Floss(Lion) Bun, Milk Chocolate(Bear) Bun, and Blueberry Cream Bun
Assorted Donuts
charCUTErie featuring my son’s snack craft. (Honored he made it for me...no desire to eat it.)
Oatmeal creampie cookies
Very non-vegan chili for the snow-in
Too much pie not enough fork.
Turkey Sandwich
air fried soy sauce chicken and fried rice 😋
herb roasted rack of lamb
6 cheese truffled Mac &amp; cheese( gruyere, crumbled goat cheese, Colby jack, sharp cheddar, mozzarella, Parmesan)
Blueberry bagels
Famous Arabian dessert Kunafa
Shrimp tacos
Dried rum cake
Sugar cookie bar with buttercream, honey, and raspberries
Dosakaya Pachadi in Telugu దోసకాయ పచ్చడి ని ఇలా కొంచెం డిఫరెంట్ గా ట్రై చెయ్యండి
Chicken Coconut Curry
Rib-eye steak
me and my mom made bacon fried rice because we had no other meats
tandoori chicken
tapas
Buffalo wings and blue cheese
Wine braised short ribs topped with crispy bacon and mushrooms. With mashed potatoes of course
sausage egg and sharp cheddar
honeycomb/cinder toffee

apple cider doughnuts with apple cider caramel sauce
Nashville Hot Chicken &amp; Waffles
Video of Man Bowing and Speaking to Crocodile by Riverside Goes Viral | Watch - India.com
Lasagna with pancetta and beef mince
mini tart shells
baked donuts
Mock Broccoli Risotto (Orzo)
Red velvet cake!
Lentil soup &amp; naan
Spicy beef short rib ramen
Sloppy Joe with a homemade baggeuet
Birria Tacos with braised carrots and consommé, Highland Brewing AVL IPA.
Christmas farmer's stew (slow cooked meat for abt 10 hrs)
veggies, BBQ chicken legs and corn pudding
Christmas Special Eggless Cream Buns
Cozinhando ASMR - Como Fazer Choux Cream Puff Com Material De Hotel De L...
Savory crepe!
Hallaca
Tacos de Birria con Consome
Oatmeal with Fruit
Garlic shrimp scampi and lemon pepper salmon with mixed peppers.
meat, cheese, fruit charcuterie board
Spicy Broccoli Over Fried, Sesame-Seed Coated Tofu
Enjoy this picture of a peanut shaped like a shoe/clog 🥜
Scallion Pancake
Bagels
devilled eggs with bacon dust
Lemon Posset
Mother Hubbards Poke Bowls!
Old-fashioned buttermilk donuts
chocolate ice cream in a fish cone
Honey-Glazed Ham w/ Pear &amp; Saffron Chutney
Buffalo chicken egg rolls
pumpkin panna cotta with graham cracker crumbles, caramel, and chocolate sauce.
Veggie Ramen broth with Shitake, Pork belly, and Soft Boiled Eggs
Pizza Fries with Chilli Peppeproni
Korean Fire Noodle Braised Tofu
Savory Sour Dough Pancake
assorted chicken and onion rings
Buffalo Chicken Pizza with Jalapeno Crust
Pancit Canton
Caramelized onion progression
3rd quarantine cake.
Personal pot pies 🥧
Bacon and eggs with sourdough
Kosha Mangsho Golibari Style, an East Indian Chicken Curry
Steak &amp; Cheese on Steak Rolls
Blackened Shrimp
Failed Creme Caramel. Advice appreciated.
CRAB LEGS
dutch oven jalapeno cheddar bread
Cheesy Sautéed Mushrooms on Toast
pasta salad w/ tomatoes, cucumbers, carrots, green bell peppers, celery, pepperoni, extra sharp cheddar cheese
Beet | Avocado | Citrus.
Chicken teriyaki in a crockpot!
cheese pasta
Custard Filled Phyllo
Oven roasted Lamb Chops marinated overnight in olive oil, garlic, salt, thyme, &amp; rosemary
bacon and chive deviled eggs
best way to say i love you
San Francisco Garlic Noodles
New York style pepperoni pizza.
Blueberry French Toast
Salted Caramel and Strawberry Pistachio Chocolate Bonbons
Soft Scramble, Harissa, Pickled Onion and Coriander.
Filipino potluck
Duck egg + Sausage Quiche
Pain au Chocolate/Chocolatine
chicken pot pie!! &lt;3
Death by chocolate Oreo!
a sandwich from 28/50 states (so far)
cinnamon rolls 🍂
pan pizza with queso de freir crust
Diwali snacks &amp; sweets. Happy Diwali!
Creole Jambalaya
Hershey Chocolate Pie with Oreo Crust
Fresh Doughnuts
Chicken Katsu Curry
Charcuterie Board
yesterday’s sourdough loaf
Sage, Brown Butter, and Bacon Sourdough Cinnamon Rolls with Goat Cheese Frosting
classic Pizza
Charcuterie Board. And it tasted great!
burnt almond torte with vanilla custard filling
Chocolate Chip Brownies with Irish Cream Ice Cream
Homemade Chili Cheese Dogs. Complete with homemade chili.
love you
Poon Choi
Pizza Slice with Sriracha
A modified version of Spaghetti aglio e olio. :)
Nailed these Ribeyes for dinner
Grilled Swordfish Grilled asparagus and risotto
Tofu stir fry with vegetable spring rolls. Looks like a Switch
Get Your Free Keto Cookbook "" https://bit.ly/3cRooyW
crab with tartar smear and red-stemmed lettuce garnish
Meals made by me
Crab Legs, Crab Cake, Crab and Corn Bisque, and Baked Potato
One chip challenge
Air "Fried" Chicken Drumsticks
Korean Barbeque
Trinidadian Aloo and Chana Curry
late breakfast :)
caramel cheesecake
Spirál krumpli
Oreo cupcakes and Peanut butter cupcakes
Chicken Katsu and katsu curry with vegetables
Rigatoni in Creamy Marinara w/ Chicken
Orange and yoghurt cake
diner style smash burger
caprese salad
Quick &amp; Easy Chicken Aloo Masala
ratatoulle
https://ift.tt/35TYmZs
Ramen plate
Pizza and marinara sauce. 450 Fahrenheit 15 minutes electric home oven.
Poor man's Steak Nachos.
Pork burger.
Lasagna Fritter
Traditional Eggs Meurette
Savory Minestrone
Toffee covered strawberry
Aloo tikki Recipe,,tikki Chhole recipe। Aloo ki tikki &amp; Chhole। Home made chat papdi |
Bhuna Gosht - (Indian Pan Fried Goat)
Grilled porterhouse steak with chared broccoli and bacon mac&amp;cheese
Wednesday Night Chicken Parm
Chinese Szechuan Ma Po Tofu
Top 10 Business, Markets News In Under 5 Minutes: BQuick On Feb. 18 - BloombergQuint
Just tried Halo Burger in London!
Spaghetti &amp; Meatballs
vegetable tart
Open faced bagel sandwich with egg, bacon, ham, sausage, mozzarella cheese and pepperoni
Chocolate petit gateau with strawberries, chocolate ice cream bar and vanilla ice cream
Máy hàn miệng túi là thiết bị không thể thiếu trong đóng gói thực phẩm.
Chilli Cheese Fries!
Burger King Garden Salad - Try caloryfriend
Ox tail stew
Garlic-Herb Flatbread
Buttermilk chicken wings.
Graham crackers with vanilla frosting dip. Absolutely delicious.
Green Gumbo
Very tasty and nice dessert
Sweet chilli wings, egg fried rice, chilli garlic chicken
I made cheesecake! Turned out amazing, super proud :)
NASA to lift off most powerful Space Launch System (SLS) rocket on January 17 - Republic World
Eggplant rolls filled with Feta, seeds and parsley in tomatosauce with a little heart in the middle.
Sushi poke bowl
Homemade Pastrami, homemade pretzel rolls and basic, homemade coleslaw.
Bacon, egg, smoked ham and cream chipped beef on a Kaiser roll.
a delicious assortment of valentine's day goodies.
Two sunny side-up eggs with melted sharp cheddar cheese and habanero sauce with toast on the side
Sourdough loaf of bread. From a sourdough starter to a finished loaf.
Gruyere Mac &amp; Cheese.
Texas Barbeque
Spiced beef pide with tomato and tamarind salad
Zucchini filled with beans, mashed potatoes on the side
Shirazi Salad
Chocolate Babka Buns
Lazy Macaronis in Just 15 Minutes
Chocolate Cream Cheese Swirl Banana Bread.
Bibimbap &amp; Kongnamul Guk (Korean mixed rice &amp; soybean sprout soup)
Fruit salad with carambola, a recipe with a star
New Year’s Inarizushi!
Escargot with my family for the holidays!
pozole rojo, before the toppings
US Prime Ribeye
teriyaki grilled chicken wings with grilled squash and white rice
Zrazy with minced meat (Eastern Europe cuisine)
Cheese Board
Chicken orzo soup
24 hours Sous Vide cooked pork belly in Asian style seasoning
Tequila Lime rubbed tri-tip
israel vs american food
Buche de Noel
Veggie patties
Buttermilk pancakes w/strawberries and cream
Beef Bourguignon with Buttered Baguette
Sichuan spiced potatoes with homemade aioli
Cheeseburger Quesadilla
Red Thai Chicken Curry
My attempt at making a Pizza
BBQ Chicken Legs and Sautéed Veggies
Grazing plate
Beef jerky!
Ground beef and bean enchiladas
Bacon, egg, and cheese on an everything bagel.
Chorizo, green bell pepper, onion, potato, and cheese breakfast taquitos
Duck ragu rigatoni
Costa Rican breakfast. Gallo Pinto
cherry smoked pork get in ma belly
Fondant snowflakes
Mushroom garlic burger
Fondue
Pineapple Salsa Chicken Tacos (Hello Fresh)
Thanksgiving leftover filled egg rolls dipped in gravy!
asian crispy minced pork w wilted cabbage, beans and rice
Bourbon molasses glazed ham, shingled sweet potatoes with harissa, and smoky honey roasted acorn squash
Super "fast" pozole by  Briggidy
guys check out my recipe
schnitzel with spaetzel.
Creme Caramel
Not the prettiest food but  old school Midwest green beans and potatoes.
🥒Hầu hết chúng ta đều biết đến vai trò của chất xơ đối với hệ thống tiêu hóa cũng như toàn bộ cơ thể và sử dụng các loại thực phẩm giàu chất xơ là biện pháp hữu hiệu nhất để bổ sung loại dưỡng chất cần thiết này cho cơ thể.
Shepard &amp; Cottage Pie!
Wassail
garlic parsley shrimp with butter
Peanut Butter Cup Fudge
Tomato, goat cheese and mushroom omelette
Creole Lima Beans
Tabouleh salad from local ingredients with za'atar chicken
Egg benedict mushrooms &amp; asparagus.
Chipotle Steak Tacos
Greek Shrimp, Briam, and Orzo
Italian Xmas Eve Tradition (clams,lobster,mussels,calamari,and shrimp)
Matzo ball soup.
Smoked chicken wings over applewood
Buttermilk Pancakes
Hickory smoked chicken legs
shrimp and pork fried rice with marinated pork belly
Wicked Sandwich
a piece of chicken that looks like a seahorse
Pizza Margarita
Burger King sign up
Taro Cake
Fried Chicken with Honey Mustard Sauce and Fries
Moroccan pulled lamb, tzatziki, hummus, babaganoush, salad, and pitta
Breakfast burrito
tips help improve pasta skills, which is from thegoodfoodchef spicy prawn linguini recipe
Fire grilled extra hot wings
spinach, cheese and bacon scramble with dry toast.
Braised Beef Short Ribs
I made Butter eye Pullas
Rouladen with German potato salad and cabbage
Rosted Meat
Egg Omlet
boneless chicken leg/thigh stuffed with chicken breast force-meat and trussed with a bacon skirt
RED onion powder and flakes!
pizza topped with andouille sausage and giardiniera
Thai Peanut Chicken w/ Spicy Lime Mango 🥭
Hickory Smoked Turkey Breast
chocolate mousse w/ caramel covered in white chocolate on top of a brownie
Butter chicken with garlic rice
2lb Reverse sear Tomahawk Steaks
Fish and chips
Our not so traditional Christmas dinner. Home made lasagna, deviled eggs, spinach salad. And store bought Dolmas and Bolillos bread. It was good!
olive bread☺️
Sourdough Dutch Oven Bread
Chilli cheese beef enchiladas
Mazesoba
pork and chive potstickers
an Alaskan King Crab Roll with Garlic Aioli and Lemon.
India’s GDP set to drop 7.7%, biggest contraction since 1952 - Times of India
Senate Republicans uniting behind impeachment defense - POLITICO
Xmas fried rice
porchetta
Poached Pears
italian lasagna
F1rst t1me eating Ramen in Japan. A dream come true.
Deconstructed Stuffed Peppers, Smoked Sausage, Smoked Tri Tip, Shrimp, and Cheese Board
sea salt, brown butter, and dark chocolate chunk cookies
Sharp &amp; sweet charcuterie board
(Homemade) broiled beef ribs and rye toast with tomato and onion.
Honey Mustard Chicken Salad
Pork Steak with Vegetables
Roast beef sandwich
Birthday Combo! (Hotdog,spag,pancit,mocha cake)
Potato gnocchi with red sauce and mozzarella
Honey Crisp Apple Pie
NY Strip, Red Wine Shallot Reduction, Brie Creamed Spinach, Maple Roasted Butternut Squash
Leftover DakGalbi Topped with eggs and sesame.
ratatouille
spinach and mushroom omelet
salt and pepper chicken with garlic and mushroom egg fried rice.
assorted Birria deliciousness
Fresh Vegetables from the Farmer's Market with Olive Oil, Lemon Juice, Fresh Oregano &amp; Lemon Thyme (Pre-Cooking)
Spaghetti pomodoro
dark chocolate cake.
We just hit the jackpot. 12 drums, 0 flats.
5 cheese ravioli in a creamy Parmesan garlic sauce with cheesy garlic breadsticks
If batman was a dog
Deschutes drinking water... its not just for bottles anymore
French coffee
The "I cut my finger on the mandolin" apple pie
Filipino-style paella
jalapeno Melt with Muenster cheese
My Valentine's Day Challa
Detroit Style Pizza (with green olives)
Ube (Purple Yam) Ice Cream
Cajun Prawns
bbq sauce
Dresdener Stollen
MEDIANOCHE
homemade You must have "" somewhere in your title. https://youtu.be/kp795KsJbuc

salmon lox
twice baked potato with bbq ribs
A box of Godiva chocolates
Chicken gyro
Veggie Burger with Restaurant Taste
Cajun jambalaya
Chunky Monkey Granola - Large chunks of peanutbutter granola with chocolate, roasted walnuts and banana chips
Baked Ham in honor of the night off
Chocolate Cheese cake
Strawberry Cheesecake
Japanese Pork Katsu Curry
Carbonara.
I made a 4.6lb Muffaletta
Reuben with kettle chips.
Ottolenghi-style toast
smoked Asian style pork bao buns
toast with bread, spinach, dried tomatoes and mozzarella best have a good day!
Short rib ragu over pappardelle, with fresh shredded parmigiana and Italian parsley.
with love
Seafood Garlic Doria
Sweet and spicy chicken wings
ĂN AMONG US ZOMBIES
Lamb Burgers w/jalapeño relish and fennel on  brioche buns
Chickpea stew on a bed of quinoa garnished with toasted pine nuts. My own recipe!
authentic hand made sweets
Gordon Ramsay’s spicy potato pancakes
Moose entrecote from our Deli in Sweden
Katrina Kaif recreates Jack Black's viral dance video: 'Hope we get to dance a duet together someday' - Hindustan Times
Carnitas tacos from last night
Cinnamon Rolls with Frosting
My weak attempt at making  blueberry muffins. I’m ready for round 2!
https://ift.tt/3r5d9ZF
Watching too much news about corona virus is said to have done this
- Fried Chicken Indian Style (Chicken Pakoda)
Texas twinkie: giant jalapeño stuffed with pulled pork and cream cheese, wrapped in peppercorn maple glazed hickory smoked bacon. What a mouthful.
KATSUDON
Dakgangjeong - Spicy Korean Chicken
delicious churros
PIZZA 🍕
I started making spooky food art for my family's restaurant 3 years ago
Curried Pumpkin Soup with Candied Pumpkin Seeds and Crème Fraîche
simple dish witjh Peanut
Green Chicken Chili! Perfect for winter nights.
Red Chile chicken enchiladas
Some tapas accompanied by a glass of wine
Strawberry Ice Cream (no food coloring)
smoked short ribs, asparagus and barley risotto.
Pho bo
Sour cherry pie
Sashimi
Homemade gourmet ribs with radish
Ground sirloin burger
My  Ghost Pepper Pickles! Jay Peach, Red, &amp; Chocolate.
Saffron and Almond Chicken Stew.
Chocolate Christmas Fudge
Pepperoni pizza with green olives!
Juice!
sourdough brioche burger buns.
Spelt bagel with smoked salmon and cream cheese
Lazi Chicken
High Hydration (90%) Whole Wheat (40%) Sourdough
Nachos!
Mongolian Stir Fry
, Traditional Sojne Phooler Posto Recipe | Drumstick Flower Posto Recipe
I designed a Gingerbread house with functional windmill. It has candy glass windows and almond tile roof
The sonic chocolate cake that i made for my son birthday
a Hello kitty theme Ramen .
carbonara with guanciale
pumpkin rolls
Sous Vide Turkey Breast in progress
Sweet Potato Chocolate Brownies
I’m selling chocolate cake !
Roasted brussel sprouts with lentils in tahin sauce
charcuterie bento box
My attempt at macarons
Cubano sandwich
Cast iron bacon pizza over a fire
A potato post a couple of days ago inspired to make my own, Kenji style, with duck fat
I haven't baked bread for myself in over a year...don't know why I stopped.
Pork Chop with Mashed Potatoes and Spinach
pumpkin spice loaf
mango mousse =)
Bone Marrow at the Purple Pig
eggplant Parmesan lasagnettes
Vegetable soup with ground beef
5 ingredient fried chicken sandwich for the win
Bedfordshire Clangers with 2/3 Spicy Potatoes and 1/3 Apple Pie
Beef tenderloin roast with garlic butter.
Braided Bun
Veal Marsala over mashed potatoes.
Sensex zooms 689 points to hit fresh closing high
It’s tradition to have Phó on New Year’s Day
pepperoni and sausage pizza
Chocolate Pavlova with Whipped Cream &amp; Berries
tandoori chicken and chips naan fakeaway
moroccan meatball soup
Waffle fries
Morning Monkey Bread
My girl and I made a charcuterie board with baked Brie (with mostly Aldi ingredients!)
Swedish Pancakes
Bryan ISD teacher goes viral on TikTok after sharing teaching videos - KBTX
American Style Pancakes
Berry Crumble
Hainanese chicken rice with chilli sambal, curry fish, steamed spinach
salt and vinegar crisp butty with laughing cow spread
tonkatsu on rice with sweet potatoes
My Japanese strawberry shortcake with white chocolate! ^-^
A large BBQ platter from Corkscrew BBQ
Fotzelschnitte (Swiss French Toast) with apricot jam
Egg and avocado toast
Stuffed butternut squash//black rice, apple, walnuts, kale, auribella cheese, veggie 'beef' crumbles

West Virginia Pepperoni Rolls
Simple and beautiful, bacon egg and cheese
Buttermilk pancakes with whipped cream, blueberries, and maple syrup
Honey loaf and fresh butter
Beef Wellington, Potatoes, &amp; Green Beens. I went to Hell’s Kitchen in 2019. My Wellington is better. :)
Green Pozole
who needs fast food. Not me.
Đại Chiến Quái Vật GODZILLA và KONG, nhưng là trong PHÒNG TẮM - Stop Mot...
Happy weekend！
Burger king
My Favorite Fall Roasted Butternut Squash Soup
Sausage Bread
a Barnacle
How does 6 pounds of low and slow smoked then high temp sear beef tenderloin sound? I tell you it makes for a happy crew!
Mac &amp; Cheese Quesadillas!
filet mignon with seared scallops and loaded baked potato for my fifth anniversary
Chicken, Tomatoes and Melting Potatoes
Steak N Eggs!
Cake with spilled ice cream
Squid Ink Risotto
just made mushroom risotto
I’m high and I just made a homemade Crunchwrap Supreme
lamb shank with vegetable medly, mashed potatoes and red wine jus
Smash Burger brioche bun
beef offal in HK
warm curried crab and roast fennel salad with apple slices for scooping and pomegranate seeds
India vs England: Chepauk Pitch is Neither 'Minefield' Nor 'Dustbowl' - England Have Simpl - News18
Cranberry Jalapeno Dip Recipe
First time cooking Christmas Dinner, decided to do Thanksgiving. Spatchcocked Turkey with Sides
Meat Pie with Cheese Top (store-bought crust)
chilaquiles verdes
NY Style Cheesecake with Dulce De Leche Topping
Fried Chicken and Rice
Tamagoyaki made with my new Japanese Copper Omelette Pan
this evening we are doing artisanal homemade hummus spiced with wild thyme, sesame seeds, sumac on multi grain Wasa wasa's with a baby arugala.
chocolate cookies
Jalapeño Cheddar Beer Brats
Coleslaw Chicken Tacos
Steak and vegetables
sticky babyback ribs off my Big Green Egg
Moussaka
Vegetarian ramen with tofu
Filet mignon &amp; lobster with a side of asparagus &amp; "smashed" potatoes with champagne butter sauce - made by my partner for Valentine's day so he deserves credit!♥️
Collard Greens
Southern Spicy Chicken Sandwich
Traditional Nyonya Beef Rendang
Sesame chicken with rice and veggies
Glazed Apple Cinnamon Bread
Made these homemade sandwiches today, what do you think?
vegan doughnuts
Caramel Mirror Glazed Vanilla Mousse Cake
Chocolate Chip Cookies
rice bowl
Philly cheesesteak with homemade ‘cheese whiz’
Garlic Butter Naan
French Onion Soup with Sourdough Croutons
i need help my spanish friends !! I used to eat these when i was young now i want to share it with my own kids !
Scallop crudo, avocado, sunchoke.
Pique a lo Macho (Bolivian dish)
apple crumble pie
Baked cheesecake with mars/snickers and milkyway topping.
Date and Pecan Oatmeal
Iberian pork pluma with "mitraille" potatoes old fashion way
French onion soup, it tasted Michelin star worthy
Cookie cake
Dominican style oxtail with cauli mash and citrus asparagus.
Funfetti dragon cupcakes, with anilla buttercream
gnocchi
a stroopwafel
Bao buns - pork belly and fried chicken
Rib eye, green beans, mashed potatoes, and au jus
maple bourbon pumpkin brûlée
Chinese foods are always delicious !
Grilled Cheese with spinch, tomoato and white onion.
Spaghetti ala Puttanesca
Raspberry with honey
Country Fried Steak Skillet with Sourdough Toast
Why Do You Think About JUNK FOOD More Than Healthy Snacks?
Cheeseburger Wellington Part II
(from a box) yellow cupcakes with chocolate frosting!
Birria de res with Consumé
Roast chicken, sour cream and green onion mashed potatoes, and green beans
Viral video: Man spits on rotis before cooking at wedding in Ghaziabad, arrested - DNA India
28 day wet aged bone in filet
Easy and Quick Cooking
sous vide ribeye and sweet potato ravioli with white wine, garlic and brown butter.
takeout-style chicken and broccoli
Chiles en Nogada 🇲🇽
Pho Style Chicken Noodle Soup
Pork gyoza
Chicken,rice, potatoes, asparagus
Chicken locrio
Eliot's pie
cast iron breakfast potatoes and eggs
Beef birria queso tacos with consommé
Pan seared salmon with burnt herbs &amp; Eggellent eggs
Taco Bell mini quesadillas
Chicken Fajita Mango Sausages
Tacos al Pastor
Lemon Cheesecake with Baiser topping
Sourdough english muffins
carne asada tacos!
Quiche Lorraine!
Chocolate chip pancakes
Herbed Edamame
Tuscan butter salmon
Charcoal Weber Grilled Ribeye
Vegetable themed macarons
McDonald’s McRib Sandwich (FOOD REVIEW!)
:Catch and Cook recipe Garlic Shrimp
really good pickle
Medieval feast with roast duck, wild boar meatballs, herbed hen, and a LOT more
Quesabirria
Orangesicle Oysters
French Dip Sliders With Caramelized Onions
choco cookies
Five course dinner
Portal-Cube Cake
Pork tenderloin with potatoes, onions, and carrots.
pecan pie croissant
Pork Kofta Gyros; w/naan bread, tzatziki and tomato salad
Roasted potato
Schweinekrustenbraten or Pork Roast with Crisp Skin
Serrano ham with fried green beans and roasted cherry tomatoes.
apple wood smoked brisket burger with cheddar cheese, caramelized onions, and a citrus horseradish aioli
Steak
Bolognese and couscous stuffed roasted peppers with a side of a chive adorned pilaf
Crispy Bread Pizza
Tot Pancakes with a bourbon maple butter and tres leches syrup
Mom made Puto, Filipino rice cakes with cheese on top.
Sushi in Hurghada, Egypt
this eggplant parm sandwich
a burger
Tripie; pecan, apple, and pumpkin.
Shepherd's pie
Swedish Toast Skagen on Homemade Brioche
Cold cuts and Camembert
Creamy Spinach Dip Pizza from out local pizza shop
Oven Roasted Chicken Breast with a Brussel leaf pan sauce, Honey Balsamic roasted Brussel Sprouts with grated chili pepper and wild rice.
honey lemon glazed salmon
India vs Australia: Five Indian players, including Rohit, in isolation
Japanese Katsu Curry
smoked chicken
Smoked Salmon Benedicts
Mr chad
Chicken Tenders!
Tomahawk Grilling on a Somerset Grill
Persian food
Sticky Shiitake mushrooms
Chicken Pizza with Poison Pineapples :)
Halawet el Jibn, its Syrian dessert made of a Semolina and cheese dough, filled with cream.
Al Pastor tacos with homemade corn tortillas
dry aged entrecote, red wine reduction, pomme rissolees, carrots and broccoli
Coffee Coffee Cake
Lemon Hard Candy
Plated Pho
Wagyu Bacon Don with Kombu Butter
Beef and lamb kebabs cooked over oak fire.
Pork chops, brussel sprouts cooked in balsamic vinegar, boiled and pan-cooked potatoes
Basque Burnt Cheesecake
shredded chicken quesadilla with homemade guacamole 🥑
cast iron pan seared mahi mahi and mango/avacado salsa with wild rice
Odu Dosa/Kappa rotti, chicken ghee roast, chicken curry
blackened salmon over creamed spinach Alfredo &amp; spaghetti squash
Prime rib hash
Cheese steak
I made my first ever rib roast tonight for Christmas dinner
loaf of bread
Sous Vide Burger topped with Bacon, Bone Marrow and Chick-fil-A sauce on a Whole Wheat Bun.
San Choy Bow (lettuce wraps)
Ginger Cake with cinnamon buttercream frosting and filling
ink squid ramen
, BLUEBERRY &amp; WALNUT SMOOTHIE
Tahini Roasted Aubergine, Romesco, Dukkah
Japanese souffle pancakes
Sub sandwich
Pizza w/ cupping pepperoni
Ham, spicy pepperoni and mature chedder pizza
I (13f) made a  charcuterie board for my family yesterday. I’m so proud of myself! It contains strawberries, grapes, toasted smoked garlic, tomatoes and mushrooms, Portuguese olives, cashews, salami, mozarela topped with pesto sauce and Minas Gerais cheese
Traditional Irish Bacon and Cabbage
Orange chicken with mixed veggies and white rice Panda Express style
baked horchata cheese cake
brioche with strawberries and comically large pile of cream
"Bolo Rainha"
Julia Child’s Boeuf Bourguignon
Breaded chicken with black beans, guacamole, and a slice of Mexican cheese.
Indian style egg curry.
one pan baked chicken
Ravioli al' Uovo and a pancetta shallot pan sauce
Halal Food in Japan
Pequod's pizza in Chicago
Money cake
Toasted flatbread topped with whipped feta, parma ham, basil oil and chillies
Classic Cheese Stuffed Shells
Lunenburg scallops fresh off the boat
This is my end of the week treat. Filet with roasted garlic mashed potatoes, roasted carrots, red wine reduction, and blue cheese herb butter. And two bottles of wine of course.
Applewood smoked Kalbi Shortribs
Kung Pao Chicken
Mini quesadillas with shredded smoked pork and chicken
Fresh Bread
coconut and kimchi risotto with mussels
Sticky Buns
Creamy potatoes from the oven
Tacos with  carnitas and corn tortillas. Topped with fresh onion, feta and jalapeño Tabasco
cheesy garlic breads made by my mom and clicked by me.
Waffle with Peach slices.
Chicken with Vegetables
a day of the dead sushi cake
Hiroshima-style okonomiyaki
Gambas con gabardina
Máy làm viên thịt bao nhân XZ-609 là thiết bị nhà bếp với khả năng tạo kích cỡ viên đa dạng bao nhân bên trong, cho năng suất cao. #máylàmviênbaonhânXZ609 #MáytạoviênbaonhânXZ609
Spicy Smoked Chicken Wings
Monster Energy Ice Cream
This is so cute
Cacio e Pepe (with green beans and garbanzo beans)
fried enoki mushrooms
sticky buns
"Thermidor" lobster
Olives, Hot peppers and Pepperoni pie
Pan fried salmon marinated in paprika and olive oil with grilled vegetables and brown rice mixed with Siracha
chocolate brownies.
Fresh River Fish Peshawar
Hot chicken sandwich
Butterscotch Ice Cream for your Favorite
Falafel bowl
Katsudon or Pork Cutlet Bowl
dutch baby pancake
Eggnog waffles
Bacon wrapped filet mignon, green beans and a baked potato
Breakfast Club - bread, egg, cheese, bacon, bread, sausage, cheese, egg, bread - Mayo if you like
English breakfast
pastrami/cheddar melt with red onion and jalapeño on toasted sourdough.
Braised pork
spinach mushroom bell pepper onion eggs over easy
Dum Aloo
sticky patis wings with calamansi aioli - a Filipino twist on fried wings
Honey BBQ Chicken Pot Pie
Hanukkah donuts
French Apple Cake
Gambas al ajillo
Carrot Halva
Deep fried veggie mix
Keto Egg Roll in a Bowl
southwest style chili
Kimbap và sushi khác nhau như thế nào?
Apple pie with painted egg wash leaves. Easy way to add a pop of color to your pies!
Mum made Hello Kitty Shortbread ♥️
My mushroom has a mushroom. Sautéed it in butter
Marshmallowy pavlova with lemon curd, whipped vanilla cream and berries.
Prawn Curry / Udang (இறால் கறி) and Shark Fish (சுறா மீன்) Cutlets Recipe
Parents Convince Toddler To “Power” TV By Biking in Viral TikTok - Fatherly
vanilla toffee cake
Spicy tuna kimbap
Yeast Doughnuts
Cheese fondue with cured bacon
Pizzoccheri
Meat And Cheese Breakfast Tacos
Dark Chocolate Souffle
Peach Tofu! I wanted orange tofu but didn’t have any orange juice so I improvised with peach juice :)
Orange muffins with candied orange peel
Claire’s Apple Tarte Tatin
Bangkanese Style Indonesian Noodle - Minced Pork With Crispy Pork Skin
Yummy seekh kabab. made by a .
Traditional Water Bagels
Bulalo
Cassoulet with chicken thighs and sausage
ice cream in a donut cone
Bacon, kale and cheese breakfast sandwich.
Millennium Falcon gingerbread
tacos el pastor
Buffalo chicken taco
Sous vide sirloin, fries and salad
Pumpkin pie and slow-cooker mulled wine
pain au chocolate
Just a simple chicken and broccoli stir fry.
Smoked maple and pepper bacon.
Vegetable Quiche
Caramelized onions, Brie and homemade pickles burger
Steak, baked potato, and green beans
Sukiyaki
Fiancée is working Christmas evening so we did our cheeseboard today!
i  crepioca with mashed au gratin
Sensex ends volatile trade 12 pts up
part wholemeal pici
Vegetarian Poutine.
Mashed potatoes with ketchup, mustard and mayonnaise
Salads just need a shit ton of herbs to hit the yummy spot.
I just ate a whole sushi roll by myself (I’m 35 and have never liked any seafood) I’m full happy and proud of myself!
caramelized banana and lavender cake / burnt white chocolate ganache / lemon zest creme
Kani Fries
Open leak and pea lasagne
Chicken Curry Rice
Rice with Dominican Chicken and beans
Focaccia  🥖
Genoa Salami and Provolone | Roasted Peppers | Cherry Pepper | Lettuce | Tomato
Rotis with okra in a tamarind based curry!
A Hawaiian mix plate
Pork Milanese Double Dipped/Coated
Smoked Sausage, Peppers, Onions, Ginger Bacon BBQ Sauce, Butter &amp; Green Onion over Basmati.
Salted Honey Garlic Walnut &amp; Cranberry Chicken Salad
German Beef Rouladen
Irish Soda Bread
Stone Crab Claws and Oysters
Crab Cakes Benedict
hotdog
Chocolate strawberry pancake
Korean Beef Bibimbap
Serrano/reaper and garlic sauced wings
Pork Meatballs with Coconut Curry
limpet salad ..
Crusted french toast made out of chocolate babka bread and vanilla ice cream with sweet crumbs on top
New way of cooking rice removes arsenic and retains mineral nutrients, study shows
Chicken Nachos (chips are not homemade)
Peppermint Syrup
Fried green tomato and snack board I made for the lady. What do y’all think?
Tonkotsu Ramen with King Oysters and Enoki Mushrooms, and Bok Choy
Burgers
Hot Sandwich
Midnight French fries anyone?🍟😋
Croissant
Grilled Salsa de Molcajete
Things to try in Richmond, VA
seafood paella
Pancake with chocolate
Katsudon
My attempt at fancy plating. Pesto chicken with garlic butter noodles.
Pasta Carbonara.
Cheese and onion beer bread!
Rogan Josh Shepherds pie
Vegetable noodles
Apple Cinnamon Cake
prawn pilaf with fennel, tomato and mint
Shrimp Pad Thai
Applewood Smoked Lollipop Chicken With A Pineapple Mango Sauce
Chicken Chili.
Sourdough toast with tomato, basil, oregano, olive oil, cream cheese salmon, green onions, avocado, scrambled eggs, fried mushrooms and bacon
Deviled eggs
Mary Berry's Mokatines
Chicken Pot Pie Spring Rolls
Beef, Pepper with cheese, avocado salsa, rice, corn tortilla
New York strip roast
White Castle sliders
milky cake
Meat Bone Tea AKA Bak Kut Teh
Rainbow Trout Baked w/ Veges
A kind of scallop stir fry.
Coffee &amp; cardamom brioche cinnamon swirls
Stuffed Chicken Parm Meatballs
Shanghai style Stir Fry with Pork Dumpling Meatballs (homemade noodles)
Sichuan Dry-Fried String Beans
tomato pasta,nothing fancy but it was amazing
Tasty sabudana kheer must try recipe
My First Fermented Hot Sauce - Hatch Chili
spicy chicken sandwich
loaf of bread 🥖
Mmm... Thicc. Sous vide, reverse seared chops.
Yunan Style Super Spicy Chilli Chicken and Flat noodles
Bean and Cheese Burritos
Homemade Leg of Lamb and Tabbouleh
Irish Beef and Guinness stew and bread. Fall (and comfort food) is here....
Homestyle Bibimbap
bacon breakfast biscuit prep
Yummy sweet potato pie and rainbow cake with whipped cream
lamb chops with walnut salsa verde, tenderstem broccoli and roast potatoes
Toad In The Hole
fish marrow
Taiyaki with a taiyaki maker. Went a little overboard with the filling (sweet red bean paste)
Samsung Galaxy A32 5G unveiled: the company's cheapest 5G phone yet at €280 - GSMArena.com news - GSMArena.com
i call it the duality of man
Soy Steamed Fish
Steak, Potatoes, and steamed veggies
SINGAPORE Style Hainanese Chicken Rice Recipe
Dinner tonight was spooky
Wagyu Burger
Thanksgiving leftovers empanadas
Chocolate Chip, M&amp;M, and Walnut Cookies
after the game hotel room food
Asian-style tuna steak with rice and a spicy avocado puree
Phillies
Bowl of cereal
Deep Fried Ice Cream Sandwich!?!?!?
Japchae Recipe (Korean Glass Noodle Stir Fry) | 잡채
Cheddar bacon ranch fries topped with green onions.
Baby bear custard buns
His and hers potato
pizza with garlic butter crust
Had this calzone and it was one of the best ones I have ever had
Chicken noodle soup
Cheeseburger Pizza
DIY Paper Craft: Eating PAPER FASTFOOD - ASMR Comiendo Mukbang sounds/Kl...
DONUT 🍩!
Nashville Hot Chicken dinner, with cornbread, greens, and coleslaw
hangover cure
filipino Tamales
Trekking food, Culinary adventures Nepal, Gourmet trekking Himalayas
Magnum Cakes
meatball with pasta
Yellowtail grapefruit tataki with caramelized garlic, ginger, garden nasturtiums, on a bed of shiso and quick pickled watermelon radishes
Supermarket worker in viral video compounded for SOP violation - Police - The Sun Daily
Palmier lollipops with edible sticks (Pockys)
Pasta with Porchetta
Injected x Rubbed Pork Butt. Pulled this apart and hit it with some Peach x Bourbon Sauce and Apple Coleslaw.
A5 Wagyu ribcap, yum!
an Organic Golden Potato Roast Wrapped with bacon. Filled with Chicken Onions and Oyster Mushrooms. Topped with Lavender and Coffee-Maple-Toffee Seasoning and finished with a Moscato/Pino Nior wine butter reduction sauce. (Modified Gotcha Pork roast!)
Today is World Food Day... So it's good to know some interesting facts about foods.
this disgusting pizza at my school
This Chicken Kebab Platter
sushi dish from my favorite Japanese restaurant
pancakes!
Pancetta, poached eggs, toasted ciabatta cream cheese, chive, cherry tomatoes, costello cheese, watercress and smoked trout
Buddha bowl.
Food for thought. The REAL illuminati origins. Finna bring this goliath down to size. Knowin this will get u killed
𝒜𝓇𝓉𝒾𝓈𝒶𝓃𝒶𝓁 𝒜𝓅𝓅𝓁ℯ 𝒯𝒶𝓇𝓉𝓈
prawn cocktail.
Seared Scallops over Rosemary-Scented Orzo
Cheesesteak stuffed Bell Peppers
Red pepper and tomato penne, finished with basil, parmesan and olive oil.
Stuffing stuffed loin of pork
Chicken curry!!! Very delicious
Among Us but with a CRUEL CHEATER - who is the Imposter?? Kluna Tik Styl...
Trying  Borscht
spaghetti and meatballs (by the bf, not me)
Comfort fall soup: minced meat, leeks, broth and cheese
Fresh Bread!
bagels with poppy seeds and sesame.
preparation in 2021. I eat this on 1 Jan. Noodles with chicken and veggies brown gravy with bok chot
Chicken meatball curry with fresh greens and flatbread.
Chicken dumplings with tomato sauce and peanut sauce
Butter chicken with garlic rice
boneless ribeye
Texas Roadhouse Rolls and Cinnamon Honey Butter
Roast duck with balsamic honey glaze
Shrimp Pad Thai :))
Fickle Pickles, mozzarella, garlic butter.
Honey Garlic Shrimp
Breakfast Taquitos
- Opera cake. Almond sponge, coffee buttercream and chocolate ganache
'Lasagne' using eggplant instead of the pasta
Oreo (cake ball) cake topped with chocolate ganache for my boss who is quitting tomorrow. Goodbye Whitney!
Duck Ramen
A simple rice bowl, easy and delicious.
Franzbrötchen ( cinnamon roll bread)
My Hamster Cooks Food For My RAT
welly
steak with blue cheese compound butter, sauteed cremini mushrooms, crispy onions strings, and creamy smashed potatoes
Pretzel Platter.
overcooked and dry. Happy festivus.
cocktails
egg fried rice
spaghetti and chicken parmesan
rack of lamb
pita, hummus, and baba ganoush
Best use of overripe bananas - banana bread
My New Years Krustenbraten
“Big Ole” Lasagna
favorite burger
Fresh Fruit Tart.
Tom Yum Hang with Forbidden rice
Vegetarian Bean and Poblano Flautas with Jalapeño Mezcal Margaritas
Fluffy Blueberry Pancakes

Sausage Ragu
Mexican omelette filled with refried beans and ground turkey/beef; topped with cilantro, Mexican crema, hot sauce, and queso fresco
Pot Pie
orange chickey &amp; sweet potato tempura
BBQ ribs and mac n cheese
crispy skin turkey
Moroccan chicken tray-bake
Italian party bread, mozzarella, roasted red peppers, olives, salami, friggitello peppers, herbs and spices.
I thought eggs could not get any worse then rotten
PhotoJobz | Get Paid To Take Photos!
Cajun Lime Salmon w/ Roasted Asparagus and Potatoes!
fresh pretzels
Fusion Noodle Bowl with ground turkey
Grilled Ham &amp; Smoked Gruyére Cheese
white chocolate macadamia cookies
Peanut noodles with soy-honey glazed pork chop
tomatoes sauce
beef ribs and oven potatoes
Brunch
Chocolate Cupcakes w/ Coconut Buttercream
Breakfast sandwich on a ciabatta roll
Chicken noodle soup with  chicken stock.
Raclette and Mozzarella Poutine
tomato soup, vegan
Japanese baked croquette with tonkatsu sauce
Burger with Tsukune patty, Raclette cheese &amp; Teriyaki sauce
pizza from pieology 🍕🍕🍕
''" BUTTERMILK PANCAKE
Smoked brisket, egg and cheese
Fried Eggplant Sandwich
Chicken Parm sandwich and steak fries
Carrot Cake
pepperoni and bbq chicken pies
garlic butter salmon
Galbi jjim
Salt &amp; Cinnamon sugar pretzel bites
Khachapuri
Lamb Bhuna
Beef Wellington with Bordelaise, served with Parmesan Asparagus Risotto.
Cheese, Hotdog, Spaghetti.
chicken noodle soup! (Link to recipe in comments.)
Chocolate pecan babka
Sous vide and seared scallops, cacio e pepe, homegrown lettuce with raspberry vinaigrette
Elderly vegetable and bean soup
Polynesian Chicken Fafa
Hawaiian mochiko chicken
Octopus salad with fried Focaccia
Polish meat filled dumplings with Speck garnish
Guacamole
French toast my favorite
Shoyu Chicken Ramen
Ribs... are they rolled up? Yup
https://ift.tt/35TYmZs
Korean Ice Cream Roll
I made ratatoullie last weekend!
Meat Sauce on Fettuccine
Smoked &amp; Spicy Bloody Mary mix
Starting to get cold so made a chicken noodle soup
Kadhi pakora with rice
Spring Rolls (Air Fried)
spinach and feta phyllo pies
Bangladeshi style Roast Chicken and Pulao Rice
Duck Balloutine with Mushroom and Roasted Hazel Nut Stuffing and Cauliflower Puree with Hoisin Gravy
Valentine’s Day chocolate covered strawberries.
a homemade ad with my  pizza
Would you eat this
american sushi
French Onion Soup
bacon, egg, and cheese on a roll
Raviolo!
Fried chicken livers with Louisiana hot sour cream dipping sauce.
Cast iron pizza with nettle pesto, Italian sausage, preserved lemon, and ricotta
Pork Back Ribs &amp; Fries
cream filled croissants
Inside out chocolate chip cookies
puff pastry spoon with spicy cashew paste, dried tomato and smoked salmon
Mini Cheesecake
Chicken, zucchini, and cabbage in a soybean paste stir-fry
Surf and Turf w/garlic Rosemary roasted fingerlings and sautéed string beans
Christmas Tree Belgian Waffles
LeftoverTurkey Enchiladas
Roasted duck
Potato And Leek Soup
american pancakes
Kouign amann
Scones with dried cranberries and blue poppy seeds
Samsung Galaxy Buds Pro vs Airpods Pro: Specs, Price, Leaks, and MORE - Tech Times
Buttermilk Biscuits, gravy and egg
Chicken Chilly Mo:Mo(nepali dumplings)
Apple cider donut cake
donuts
breakfast sandwich with ceyenne French toast bacon eggs and syrup
julienne chopped beef with fries, yogurt and tomato sauce
Ramen Noodles.
Sourdough loaf fresh from the oven.
https://youtu.be/V0wF1U8d9LA
Alabama food bank facing funding cuts, finds creative solutions to try to meet demand – Food Tank - Food Tank
Lemon meringue pie cheesecake
‘Maybe it is the stress…’: Former teammates shocked about ‘fit’ Sourav Ganguly’s heart issues - The Indian Express
Mac and cheese pulled pork sandwich
Deep dish pizza
Bibimbap ➡️This’s the ingredients that I prepared for make bibimbap🍲
Duck with cabbage and cauliflower blinis
Chicken Adobo with mushroom
Grilled Carne Asada for tacos.
pork souvlaki in a pita with tzatziki tomatoes and onion
white chicken pizza w spinach and hot peppers
Our overboard Valentine’s Day spread - Cheese and charcuterie, MD Crab Cakes, Caviar, Oysters Rockefeller, Watercress Lyonnaise, 2 types of Tartare. Please help..
Baked salmon with lemon, garlic and Herb compound butter.
Made our own sushi rolls, turned out great!
Risotto w/ Balsamic Reduction
I found this inside of my granola, It tastes like poison and salt, what in the world is it?
Full Moon Pie
I ate  stuffed peppers 🌶
Wheat Beer Chili
Spicy shrimp tacos with avocado salsa!
Taco Tuesday for One.
biscuits and gravy
Corned beef hash eggs benedict with lemon garlic roasted asparagus.
Honey sesame chicken
Crusty outside/brownie inside cookies
Kartoffelsalat. Moms really proud of it
Roulladen with Thüringer Klöße for me and my roommate
fruit jelly balls🥰 support my new food Instagram @naga.foodie
Chocolate and candied hazelnut tartelette
KARE KARE BEEF TRIPE AND SHANK | TUWALYA NG BAKA
Ploughman's sandwich - Smoked ham, mature cheddar and Branston on wholemeal bread.
carrot cake with cream cheese frosting and candy pecans, made it for my grandma’s birthday
Detroit Style Pepperoni Pizza
Club Sandwich
Porkchop sandwich on rye bread.
On the roof
Oven roasted BBQ chicken, green bean stir fry, and stovetop mac and cheese.
Triple smash burger with American cheese, onion, and burger sauce.
Shrimp Étouffée
autumn salad
OVEN BAKED NACHOES
candied citrus peel biscotti
bacon jalapeno mac and cheese
Cranberry Lime Tart
Brownie and vanilla ice cream
Pumpkin bread with cream cheese filling
Oven Roasted Pork and Potatoes with Oranga and Mint
Gyro Pizza
Vegan cookies
Ribeye, asparagus, roasted tomatoes and maple cinnamon butternut squash with red wine butter sauce.
Ramen
pork ribs
tiny empanadas
Fancy Maple-Balsamic Salad
Brussels Sprouts &amp; Butternut Squash Gratin
Steak kababs
A pretty good twist on stove top ramen noodles.
Frozen four cheese pizza with smoked sausage, tomatoes, &amp; mushrooms
Galaxy Mirror Glazed Chocolate Cake
pho
Georgian shkmeruli (garlic, milk, coriander chicken), khachapuri (cheesy bread),and lemon dill purple potatoes
Gingerbread Trees
Muffuletta Sandwich
udon stirfry
Tunisian Dates
Modified Ramen Packet
New Year's Eve Live: The Latest - The New York Times
Powdered Jelly Donuts
Linzer Cookies for Easter
Baked Hake &amp; Potatoes, with Shallots &amp; Rosemary
Italian Sausage Subs with homemade Italian sausage, Philly area rolls, and aged provolone.
Taco Waffle
Chicken Tikka Rice.
Veal ribs and barbecue sauce
eggs scrambled with carne asada and home grown peppers and tomatoes
Caramel Apple Cake
Slow cooked beef enchiladas with cheese + refried beans + guacamole + sour cream
some chocolate covered strawberries 😊🥰
Fresh blueberry compote with homemade ricotta French toast
Pizza and beer delivery
Tacos on election night
cranberry apple spice hand pies
Tom Yum Talay
Gordon Ramsay's signature Beef Wellington
Mahi Mahi tacos
Meal prep for the week
One of my favorites for the morning after: Chorizo, potato, &amp; eggs.
I made côte de boeuf and twice baked garlic cheddar potatoes
chicken with roasted cashews
Looking at bigger picture, rotation policy has merit: James Anderson - Times of India
Masala Chai
Sweet and sour pork
Pho.
Braised short rib over shiitake risotto
Burnt dark chocolate pecan pie
Shrikhand
Korean Sesame Sticky Drum Sticks
Butter Lemon Sage Gnocchi
smashed double cheeseburger with ketchup
Cast iron Dutch baby pancake w/ honey, powdered sugar, &amp; cinnamon
Chicken Drumsticks with simple seasoning.
Grilled steak with chimichurri, chicken and mashed potatoes!
Breakfast
ribs
Divorced Eggs (Huevos Divorciados) in Cholula, Mexico
Jalapeño Garlic Hot Sauce
Moroccan Semolina Pancake
Chorizo with egg breakfast -
Free pizza
""Cheddar's in Kissimmee Join Me...
rainy day soup. 10 different veggies, chick peas, chicken, bone stock.
Steak and stilton pie, potato mash, and mushy peas. Cheers!
Beef n' Beer Stew with Herb Dumplings
Double cheeseburger with pickled red onions and a homemade jalapeño mayo.
Praline Parfait
baked pasta (italian pasta al forno)
Persian Love cake
Pork Tamales with Roasted Poblano Corn Salsa
Smoked turkey and cheesy mashed potatoes
Reverse Sear Porterhouse - Strip Side
Sooji Cake With Caramel Sauce
Cuban Key Lime pie. Wish I had a banana for scale. Roughly 4 inches high, straight quarter of a pie.
Chicken Quesadilla with Rice &amp; Beans
This is what’s left of the best brownies I’ve ever made!! I used dark Lindt chocolate. I’ll share the recipe in the comments
Sticky rice with glazed crispy tofu doused in with sesame &amp; veggies
Bagel and sausage breakfast sandwiches
FIG TART
golden wings
Chocolate Lava Cake
Herbed meatballs, roasted veggies, and couscous!
Smoked pork loin roast.
Sunday short ribs
Sfrappole
Palitaw, Filipino flat rice cake
Garlic Cream Cheese Buns
Kim Chi.
Cabbage, Brussels sprouts, and bell peppers in a light spicy sesame yogurt sauce with salmon on top
Pepper Cheddar Melt Burger
Our Regular Turkish Sunday Breakfat!
Salted Pretzels
MUKBANG SPICY NOODLES &amp; PORK BELLY &amp; SPAM 三枚肉 ラーメン スパム eating sounds
pumpkin pie
Who wants a curry? Check this recipe out! Perfect butter chicken! (Recipe in comments)
Jamaican Jerk Chicken with Charred Mango Salsa
Masala Dosa
Thailand Style Coconut Curry Chicken
Muffin Tin Mini Apple Pies
Spaghetti and Meatball
Banana pineapple loaf and chicken pot pies for dinner - all in 1.5 hours!
Roasted pork belly with pomme puree, caramelized apples, and broccoli
Camp Fire Coal Beef Roast!
Philly cheesesteak.
eggy bread
BBQ Ribeye Steak and Lobster Tail with Asparagus and Onion Straws
Doritos Taco and garlic sauce
Easy way to prepare tomato sauce at home
Vanilla Cupcakes with a Vanilla Icing
Bubble tea
crispy cod filet with a grilled lobster tail, mussels, clams, and shrimp, in a saffron orzo broth
Avocado Toast!
Canadian bacon, pineapple and onion pizza
Coq au Vin over a bed of creamy garlic parm mashed potatoes
bacon, swiss, and caramelized onion burgs on sourdough with crispy baked fries
Cretan chicken sandwich
Fillet with macaroni and brown sugar bacon
Pork Belly with Goat cheese risotto
nutella ferrero rocher mousse cups with Suzy Q Donuts
Chicken burger with habanero jack cheese, garlic aioli, pickles, icerberg and tots.
Apple Juice
buttermilk chicken tenders!! :)
pasta bolognese
Some  mushroom gnocchi i made today for my cake day!
A simple cheese burger 🍔 Although I did use Italian style pickles, toasted brioche bun, Kupie mayonnaise &amp; 2 slices of American cheese 😎
Just picked up this 7 week old Australian Cattle Dog! Her name is June.
Lebanese Fatteh
Didn't get the best picture but..... made some pork belly kimchi rice bowls, with homemade kimchi
Asian tofu bowl!
My thanksgiving leftovers Neapolitan pizza: mashed potato and gravy base, turkey, ham, carrots and green beans
Blackened Salmon with Brown Rice
https://ift.tt/2Y9dNsq
Rice with Salmon, Cucumber, Avocado and toppings
2020 - venison rack and lobster (posted). 2019 venison rack and pheasant. Not everyone loves turkey
Savoiardi with toasted almonds !
sausage patty with a honey glazed bun with a sautaed tomato and a slice of mozzarella
Fluffy Croissant Sandwiches
Nashville Hot Chicken from Underdog (Boston, MA)
Traditional Italian lasagna!
Spaghetti aglio, olio e peperoncino 🌶 🧄
Shake n bake Onion rings ya'll -
Tortilla de patatas
Eggs Benedict with hash browns
Beef Meatballs with Japanese Curry
black pepper pork sausages
Indian Snacks and Sweets Combos in USA
English breakfast with a double yolk egg!
Turkish pide for everybody!
Lemon Butter Garlic Roast Chicken
Steak n Cheddar Bake Dinner
Zuppa Tuscana (olive garden copycat)
Nacho Cheeseburger
Traditional Maltese Bread
Spicy tomato soup and homemade cheesy garlic bread
Filet steak
Dark chocolate pecan brownie with blood orange cheese cake.
pokebowl with egg yolk,tuna,radish.avocado,carrots,sesame,soysauce and edamame
pasta with clams
Fried Eggs, Crisp Bacon, Toasted Muffins, and Homemade Hot-sauce (not in pic) Simple Done Right
Rate my dish: baked chicken covered in a fine panko crust, steamed broccoli florets and a curried tomato reduction
Bagel and Lox
Chocolate, date and coconut vegan bars
Bacon, pepper jack &amp; Jalapeño biscuits.
Chili with cheese and sour cream
Tacos
my favorite pizza yesterday.
Cheese and charcuterie platter
Easy Trip Planners IPO final day: Issue subscribed 13 times, QIB portion fully booked - Moneycontrol.com
Brazilian mashed potatoes, air fryed chickem breast and crispy lettuce. With a side summer salad.
Creamy pesto pasta with chicken
buttermilk biscuits
sweet potato waffle fries, banana fritters, and chicken
Authentic japanese Shoyu Ramen
Bacon, Butter Lettuce, Cheese and Mayo
Chipwich
Steak with a mushroom sauce and and onion rings
I saw this delicious food video on youtube and i find it very attractive . As a foodie , i think i should share it with all of you food Lovers
My homemade breakfast 😉👍👌
Viral Video: Here's what Aamir Khan has to say on quitting social media - DNA India
pecan pie cheesecake
- Semolina Pizza
how do i make hot chocolate you can’t boil milk but i don’t want to use water because water tastes gross in mix please help
Try to win
Eggplant parmesan stacks
Hurricane Chicken W/ Homemade Fettuccine Alfredo
Sticky pineapple, rum and caramel cake
Sous Vide Filet and Mushroom Risotto
These came out amazing
Cheese display (cheddar, Swiss, pepper jack, and cranberry cheese mold with crackers and tea rolls)
French silk chocolate pie
bacon I cured and smoked, hashbrowns, beans(somewhere in there) and eggs.
Pulled Pork, jalapeños and scrambled egg breakfast burritos.
Dutch baby with berry cream. Happy vday!
deep frying pot with temperature control and built-in grill for removal of extra oil
Chinese girl-friend cooks so much... only way to know what to eat is to make me a  Breads, cake, cookies and butter
"sweaty palms burger" topped with palm and artichoke tapenade and parmesan cheese
and prepare it every summer and want to show you the recipe of it
Wild game tacos
Smoked Leg of Lamb
Chocolate and hazelnut cake!
Pepperoni &amp; Pineapple pizza🤤
Carne Asada Fries
That egg is the best thing to happen for me during covid!
InstantPot cheesecake
Seafood mousse in choux pasty with cold saffron cream sauce
Happy Thanksgiving my Canadian fellas!
Grilled Chicken Rice Bowl with Cherry Tomatoes &amp; Pecorino Cheese
TG Dinner with New Orleans Flavor Roast Chicken (Turkey replacement) and Mango Mille Crepe (pumpkin dessert replacement)
millionaire brown butter shortbread
one of the best hot chicken sandwiches in WA
bang bang shrimp 🍤 tacos 🌮
bao buns
Apple spice cake for my s/o birthday. My second cake 😋😋
Banana and Mayonnaise Sandwich
삼겹살 먹방 Samgyeopsal Mukbang
Ribeye with garlic risotto &amp; green beans 🙂
Steak and eggs. A timeless classic
I made Pork belly, soy egg, pickled onions, bok choy. Great dinner!!!!
spicy mussels!
Sweet n sour chicken
Norwegian pancakes
Ultimate Reese’s cake! Peanut butter buttercream frosting, chocolate cake, and of course chopped Reese’s and pieces inside and on top!
Chocolate Layer Cake with Tiki Umbrellas
Restaurant style dragon chicken
pear frangipane for the weekend
Tonight’s take at a grazing board!
Mediterranean dinner
capon, gratin dauphinois and mushrooms
Spicy Pastrami
Rotisserie Ham
Single gal❤️dinner
Durian and Walnut Muffins
Creamy Soft Scrambled Heirloom Eggs with Candied Bacon and Toast w/ Rasp/Black/Blueberry Syrup Situation
Homemade BURGER Recipe (easy)
Nutella Swirl Blondies
Udon noodles with t-bone in lime-oyster sauce
Beef Stroganoff
chicken breast with mushroom cream mash potatoes and broccoli carrots i made i ate
Oysters &amp; Champs
Spongebob cake
Sweet Spicy Savory Beef Jerky
2.5lb Tomahawk on 17lb Walnut slab
Chole Bhature | Tangy| salty | Bit sweet &amp; spicy | Before a day of fast
Carnitas tostadas, with refried beans and Chipotle sauce
BBQ chicken pizza with black olive, Roma tomato, Asian pear, red and green onion, and dairy-free mozzarella.
Star Bread!
Nashville hot chicken wings
Tallarín con Carne (Spaghetti with meat)
Thanksgiving dinner ft. cornish hens, stuffing, and mac and cheese
Pickled Jalapeños from the Parents’ Garden
Congee with shiitakes and an egg
Caprese Chicken Skillet
Falafel, Pita, Hummus, and Tahini Sauce
cast iron porterhouse
Chocolate Cheesecake Muffins
Chicken Fajita Casserole
Honey Glazed Leg of Ham for the holiday season.
Mom’s homemade empanadas... love her

Butternut squash ravioli and tomato consommé (Christmas dinner starter)
Hong Kong style egg custard tarts
boiled corn
Tuna Melts
Seeni Sambol Bun (Sri Lankan)
Taco bowl
gingerbread men cupcakes with cream cheese frosting
a red velvet pancake that I decorated
"" - Potato ball Cheese by Handmade Me
Banofee Pie with whipped cream and a cookie crust
passion fruit mousse with pineapple curd and coconut, lime, brown butter cake
Aloo Ki Jalebi / Potato Jalebi
Kluna Tik eating SIREN HEAD and AMONG US in real life - ASMR Comiedo/Klu...
Dark chocolate chunk cookies. Pan drop method.
I’m new to making food, just started a weekish ago. This is my lasagna, it tastes amazing
potato leek soup
Lego Minion: Making Banana Bread In Real Life - ASMR Stop Motion Cooking...
Extra crispy fried eggs
Freshly made rye sourdough cobbler topped with oats
Salt &amp; pepper shrimp  with sweet pepper rings and long grain rice
chocolate crinkles
Crabcake, Brussels Sprouts, and Crispy Potatoes
Hello foodies I am here with very easy and quick  Club Sandwiches recipe... Which helps me on Blackout Day😇 Trust me very quick but Delicious sandwiches must try for recipe plz visit: https://youtu.be/STXroJODsN8 #clubsandwich #blackout #blackoutpakistan #snacks #sandwich
Been trying new foods lately this is mackerel with some ginger white rice and shiitake mushrooms with a little cabbage salad.
Blueberry muffin
huevos rancheros with Spanish chorizo and tons of cilantro
Gоіng Bananas Ovеr Banana Bread Recipe This post contains affiliate links which means if you click on a link and choose to make a purchase I may receive a commission at no additional cost to you. See our disclaimer for more information. Thеrе
Chocolate almond tarts
fruit lunch
Steak and Lobster Tail
Chorizo topped baked Camembert
Deviled Eggs: This is The Way
Vegetable Soup
Russian honey cake.
Gosh ka Salon with naan and roasted garlic ginger green beans
- 10 min roast potatoes
Pea Risotto with Bacon
Double bacon cheeseburger with Midnight smoked brisket
A rack of pork with red wine sauce and baked garlic
Breakfast of Champions
tomato carpaccio
I ate a Chicken sandwich.
laminated parsley pasta
Sushi Rolls, Tempura and Edamame
Pandan Pudding
Green Onion Cakes
Sesame-crusted, ahi tuna over a chopped sweet kale salad w/ strawberry vinaigrette
Homemade Salsa... too delicious
Chicken strip melt (using leftover chicken strips from a restaurant)
Mini Rose Apple Tarts!
Carrot cake muffins
Thanksgiving prime rib
Steak dinner
Rice Noodle Stir-fry with Chicken
ribeye
spicy pork, pepper, buckwheat, &amp; veggie bowl
Biscuits!
Low-Carb Broccoli Salad
Pan Fried Shrimp with Garlic and Olive Oil
Holiday cactus and Christmas tree sugar cookies!
Chocolate chunk and toffee cookies
Buttermilk chicken
Chocolate fudge cake
I made a cheesecake
Shrimp Tacos with Mango Salsa
Poutine Pup (aka The Canada Dog)- Beef frank with fries, gravy, and cheese curds on a brioche bun 🇨🇦
Puff pastry tartlet with faux egg, ham, and cheese
scones for mother’s day!
Boiled spinach
Sugar Free Brown E’s
Penne in tomato blush sauce with spinach and crispy pancetta
Indian Chicken Burger
Shish kebab
noods
Honey Wheat Bread with Cinnamon Sugar
Some fantastic Sushi
Oklahoma style onion burger with aged havarti and smoked Gouda on a fresh baked sesame bun. Tandoori seasoned taro fries with Carolina reaper ketchup
Slow-Cooked Duck Wraps with Homemade Hoisin Sauce
The Ugly Monkfish That Could
27.16 oz t-bone steak, sweet potato with brown sugar, and 2 grilled serranos
pulled pork over mac and cheese
Rice with mushroom and peas gravy
emergency food is best homemade...{You must have "" somewhere in your title.}
roasted sweet potatoes, peppers and sausage.
Sugar cookies with Royal icing
Strawberry Lemonade Cupcake: Lemon cupcake with Strawberry and Lemonade (citric acid) American Buttercream.
chicken and dumplings
Amish Dinner Rolls
Risotto with pecorino romano and guanciale (bacon)
SPICY SOFT TOFU STEW
Hello-kitty waffles
Holiday Foods
Roasted Fennel and Lemon Chicken
I tried to make a modernized version of pear belle helene in culinary class, which is basically poached pear, in a chocolate bowl smeared with chocolate sauce served with meringue
beef drunken noodles - so good!
fish curry and naan.
smoked pork shoulder
Chocolate Chip and Caramel Cookies
Cheddar jalapeno bread
Mongolian Chicken + Broccoli.
Poke, Seaweed Salad, and Rice
Christmas dinner and all the trimmings
Taiwanese Fried Chicken
Anchovies and Olives Pizza
smoked sausage peppers onions ketchup mustard hot sauce
Butter Chicken and Saag Paneer with naan bread
Roasted Golden Beets. Olive oil, salt, pepper. So good!!
Thanksgiving Plate
Bone marrow
Mac n Cheese Pizza with diced ham
Brisket meal
leek pie, soy milk, eggs and emmental
Sausage and Peppers Sandwich
House made Pork Gyoza.
Malunggay Pandesal
Fried Rice with Bak Kwa
Grazing table with wines
Crabby cakes w/ arugula &amp; fennel salads, grapefruit, and basil aioli
Pierogi from Christmas Eve
Pork chop
Tomato Soup
grilled gochujang chicken, roasted baby broccoli, and spaghetti squash with grilled tomatoes and a touch of butter
Beef and Mushroom Pizza
Hawaiian Glizzy
Crispy baked chicken with garlic green beans and buttered yeast rolls :)
Ribeye salad
- Coffee Moonshine Crème Brûlée
Dry aged steak and scotch type night.
No-bake cheesecake with cherries and raspberries
Extra cheesy Lasagne
Veggie burger with potato wedges
Kimchi Poutine
fish cake noodle soup in Hong Kong
Coconut based curry with brown rice and a fried egg
Republicans condemned Trump. Now they're seeking his help. - Associated Press
Phở Bò 😋
chocolate truffles
Steak and eggs.
Pepperoni and sliced steak supreme pizza.
Accidentally vegetarian sandwich
Sweet potato hash with two fried eggs, garnished with chives.
Twice baked potatoes for Christmas Eve Dinner.
Honey garlic chicken on rice(donburi)
Cod Fish and Chips.
Butthole Crunch! Little Debbie Oatmeal Creme Pies Cereal for the won!
Bean and cheese enchiladas with cornbread
French Chocolat Souflé
Smoked turkey leg, garden vegetables, and mac &amp; cheese.
Spam Risotto
Parmesan Roasted Asparagus
Fried eggplant Parmesan on a bed of mushroom rice topped with a spicy mushroom cheddar sauce and some of our Garlic Red Savina hot sauce. Served with bruschetta on homemade roasted tomato baguette.
Strawberry Cherry Cheesecake
smash burgers with  buns, freshly ground beef and copy cat in-n-out sauce
Rolled Egg Kimbap w/ Honey Buldak Sauce!
Crispy Chilli Beef &amp; Egg Fried Rice
Chocolate ganache and hazelnut crunch cake
for DINNER TOMORROW (and I won’t even be home!) Chix, andouille, shrimp  pseudo paella
Beijing Roast Duck (北京烤鸭）in China
Nachos (pre-microwave) 🧀🌶
Bread with Dutch Crunch Shells
Sousvide Steak
New York Style Everything Bagels
Rosemary Focaccia going in the oven!
The Famous Donut Flavored Muffins-Great Cinnamon Muffins Recipe
vegetarian breakfast burritos
Spicy turkey and lettuce wraps with fried sweet plantains
Chilean Pino Empanadas
pan fried dumplings
a peanut butter jelly bacon burger on a brioche bun
cheeseburgers with homemade milk buns
Bacon, tomato, onion, mushroom and peppers Individual quiche straight from the oven.
Smoked Pepper Powder
Quarter sheep,  lamb machboos with rice in the Kuwaiti style.
Mac and Cheese  my own recipe
Minus the soup
al pastor seasoned pork on a spit
Miso Mushroom Pasta
Naan and Hummus
Chicken Makhani from Simply Cook
i ate it
Cinnamon Waffles and Maple Syrup
Fried Chicken Sandwich, gochujang, kimchi, homemade potato bun
cast iron steak with rosemary, with sautéd broccoli, and salad with tomatoes, onion and a homemade garlic lemon vinaigrette.
Pan made Croque Madame
(drank) Lavender Lemonade 🌺 :)
salty brioche !
pizza with vegan italian sausage
standing ribeye roast.
Vanilla and Matcha Cream Puffs
Mexican Style Rib Eye Steak, peppers, and onions
Blackened Chicken Caesar Salad
Roasted Butternut Squash and Walnut Cream Cappelletti with a Shimeji Mushroom Almond Sauce. Pan Fried Maitake with Toasted Hazelnut and Caraway Paste.
traditional reindeer soup
18hr Beef Brisket
DRY U10 scallops with thai basil, butter, avacado oil, black pepper, garlic, rosemary, fresh lime &amp; lemon juice
arepas. Venezuelan specialty.
Cast Iron Steak with Compound Butter and Tomato Caesar Salad
I remember eating these as a kid in elementary school. Those were the days lol. Anyone interested in this recipe??
Yorkshire Puddings.
Lightly fried shrimps served with homemade aioli and butterfried baguette
Cinnamon Swirl Cookies
Octopus Ceviche in Isla Mujeres
Flamin Hot Cheeto Roll
Kare-pan (Japanese curry bread)
vanilla cream filled, chocolate covered "bellybuster" donut
Roast&amp;vegetables, garlic bread and white rice
Bibimbap with 7 different ingredients with gochujang sauce
My Turkey Dinner! I like to piece them out and cook separately :)
Katsu Curry
Super Crispy Cantonese Chow Mein
Fried Chicken Sandwich
Rainbow Cake
spicy egg drop soup
Wagyu Burgers With Muenster Cheese on a Sesame Bun
steak potatoes carrots
Beyaz Lahana ve Soğan Dolması
Bowtie Pasta With Meat Sauce.
Linguine with shrimp, garlic, baby spinach, onions and tomatoes
"kind of" slouvaki chicken, smoky chickpeas and couscous
Chesapeake Style Seafood Ramen
Frankfurter Grie Soß' with a poached egg and Potatoes (Green herb sauce) it's a traditional dish in Frankfurt
Eggless doughnuts recipe
Smoked lamb stroganoff
Bacon, egg, cheddar &amp; cream cheese jalapeño melt
Pan Bagnat
Tex Mex’s finest. Slow cooked chicken tacos with beans and rice
Smoked tri-tip and double-fried French fries
Chicken Vegetable Soup with Buttermilk Dumplings
Plum pie
Brussel Sprout Bhaji
leftovers fried rice
Sourdough pizza
chicken wings
Hot &amp; Sour Soup using leftover turkey
Mayo Chicken Burger w/ Waffle Fries
Chili Oil
Dry-Brined Smoked Salmon.
Yellow Split Pea Soup
Smashburger Sliders
Porterhouse with Shiitake Mushrooms
Chicken Pot Pie Soup
JUGOS DE ARÁNDANOS
antipasto board the Brie got a little loose but otherwise a fun board to share with one other family per lockdown rules
this last week
Apple Roses
Cheese and meat board
caramelized condensed milk and creme fraiche custard mousse / citrus, ginger, sesame blueberry sauce / lavender / fennel pollen.
baked mackerel
Cranberry Bliss Bars
Beef shank tagliatelle with mushrooms
Hurts donuts
Salmon with Hollandaise, Roasted Potatoes, Asparagus
https://ift.tt/35TYmZs
Smoked quail - potato gratin - BPT panade- wine reduction.
Biden's Justice Department to ask nearly all Trump-era U.S. attorneys to resign - NBC News
My handsome spinach, tomato &amp; cottage cheese quiche
Chocolate chip cookies
one Pancake.
fried seafood
Jambalaya
Snackbite Pork Shanghai
This panacotta with Raspberry sorbet Merry Christmas
too many nuggets and fries
Canèles
Tonkotsu ramen with Chashu Pork Belly, seasoned egg and bok choy. 18 hour broth, 24 hour pork. I’ve got a lot to learn.
Steak and Asparagus
Chocolate and fruits
Stuffed cabbage rolls
Herb and Garlic Pull-Apart Rolls
Shakshuka 🍳
Dumplings w prawns, pork, n chives boiled in prawn stock
Probably the best ramen I’ve ever had
Ricotta and mushroom Pizza
Bacon Burger
Cheesy corn polenta with blackened shrimp
Sourdough Bread complete with fish eye. Made with 5 yr 11 month old starter.
Taco Pizza
Cauliflower soup
I decided to pickle some okra and eggs. I have 5 more jars of each. Here's to our past mother's and grandmother's learning to preserve food for later.
This amazing muffaletta
Tamago, umeboshi rice, fried veg, pickles and fruit salad
beef lasagna
Nigerian Scotch eggs. Made sure I got a picture of the inside.
Grapefruit cup
Paella! (For new years)
chicken skillet pot pie
Yellow curry and rice
“Veggie Stir fry with black rice noodles” I Started dating a vegan, I cook meat for living though; Learning to cook veggies as a meal now.
I made lettuce wraps.
Jalapeño Cheddar bread
a dessert plate
chicken eggplant curry
New Year's Eve donuts by Dunkin' Donuts 🍩
Bacon and spam fried rice and soy sesame wings
breakfast sandwich with farm fresh eggs seasoned with everything bagel seasoning, spinach, Swiss cheese and salami with prosciutto.
Cookies 😮 Impressive shapes and methods .These cookies are so delicious, very easy to prepare, so fluffy that you can't stop eating.
Chicken Teriyaki, Gyoza, and Carrot Miso Salad
cheesecake
Smoked Spare Ribs
olive oil fried eggs on toasted homemade English muffins, topped with sliced avocado and sriracha
brioche and spinach stuffed chicken with honey jus, king trumpet mushroom, roast prime tenderloin with horseradish sauce
Two Ribeye Tomahawks
Salmon chowder, substituted almond/cashew milk for cream
Mini Tiramisu Cheesecake
Pesto pasta
Stuffed Crust Pepperoni Pizza with Cheesy Garlic Breadsticks
Smoked Salmon Eggs Benedict and Avocado Toast
Honey Chicken with Green Onions and White Rice
German Rye Bread
Prime Rib French Dip Sliders
Werewolf Cake
sushis
Cauliflower tacos
Sourdough bread be 168...
'Good Food Film Series' is now screening stories of local farmers
fudgey brownies with chocolate ganache
tea smoked ducks - basting stage 😋
Chilli Paneer Restaurant Style
Sopa de Res
Roast chicken I made for dinner. Seared in cast iron and finished in oven.
Cake day sous vide garlic filet and potatoes
Chicken Gatsby
BBQ Chicken and Mushroom Pizza
crab boil
Australian king tiger prawns, aged sirloin, chive &amp; caper butter, with roast potatoes, rocket and broccoli hearts
Sausage gravy over fried chicken and biscuit with eggs
Broccoli Cheddar soup with dill oil because dill is delicious
pasta !
Peanut butter and jelly ice cream pie
Spiced halloumi with couscous, roast veggies and lemon youghurt sauce
white chocolate &amp; peanut butter blondies
pretty buttercream cupcakes with raspberries inside
sushi bowl night! (I didn't get the baked teriyaki salmon, seaweed packs or rice because I could barely shoo my kids away from the table before they started digging in!)
ramen
Filet Mignon avec sauce Béarnaise
Linguini and broccoli With Vodka sauce
loaded salad
Beef-Wellington
Soft Taco Party Pack
Strawberry Buttercream Valentine's Macarons
Kottu Roti from your thanksgiving leftovers, it works 🙏🏻
Sugar paste Reddit cake for my bday!
bibimbap
Black Sesame Chicken Mole Tostadas
candy corn birthday cake
Parmigiano Reggiano cheese, !
Beer-battered delicata squash rings with buttermilk ranch dipping sauce.
Laswa vegetable soup from Iloilo City, Philippines
Tuna fish pickle sliders
lemon Parmesan Risotto.
gooey butter cake
Veg Bahubali Thali
Breakfast quesadilla in spinach wrap with Greek yogurt
Italian style potato gnocchi with Gorgonzola cream sauce, peas, and artichoke.
Natural Levain 10% whole wheat “sourdough”
Rice noodles
BBQ Wings.
Macarons with Black Cocoa Buttercream
Pork Chorizo, Mixed Bell Pepper Oven Tray Bake, Garlic Toast
Jerk chicken with coconut rice and beans
8 Burgers for Burger Week
Albanian Style Cheese, Spinach, and Meat Bureks
Veggie noodle miso soup and veggie potstickers
Chinese noodle soup
Prime Picanha, sous vide, reverse sear; pommes purée; carrot brunoise, sage; grilled lemon &amp; rosemary; dry-aged beef fat 'Chef's Gold' compound butter, thyme;; roasted mushroom, shallot, &amp; garlic; scallions; bordelaise reduction; baby tomato, celery leaves, oil; finishing salt.
Kıyır Kıyır Kandil Simidi | Tuzlu Kurabiye
Homemade Sourdough 3 Cheeses Pizza
Croque monsieur with an overcooked egg paired with tomato soup! I got the recipe from Babish on YT :)
Chicken Strips
pepperoni pizza with garlic jalapeno crust
Beef Biryani !
Farfalle
rack of lamb, potatoes and cauliflower
Pot roast with vegetables in the Instapot!
Pesto chicken with garlic butter noodles
Chocolate Pie and Meringue
Fettuccine with mussels and porcini mushrooms
Filet in Cast Iron
Raspberry and Macadamia Nut Brownies
Fruit Platter (pomegranate with lime, green/red apples, mandarines, baby carrots, Tajín, and raspberries)
Hokkien Prawn Noodles
Air Fried Bulgogi Wings
Levain Bakery style chocolate chip cookies
Jalapeño Cheddar Sourdough
garlic mashed potatoes, mushroom gravy, steak and string beans.
RailTel IPO opens tomorrow: 10 things to know before you subscribe - Mint
Homemade Grilled Cheese I ate it and I’m a pro cook. Wouldn’t you agree?
strawberry cake
Cinnamon French toast and bacon
Salmon and shrimp workout lunch
Challah Bread
Seitan Karaage, Steamed Vegetables and Creamy Mushroom &amp; Shallot Mashed Potato
World's Fudgiest Brownies
"Shepherd's" Pie
Steak tartare
Smoked brisket (hickory) and baked potato salad with egg based sauce with garlic, Parmesan, and alepo. + bacon.
Smoked baby back ribs on kamado gril
delicious mango pancakes
Spicy West African Peanut Soup with Sweet Potato and Swiss Chard
Green chili chicken enchiladas
Kamehameha Nachos
Saturn - Vanilla and Blueberry Cheesecake in a Tempered Chocolate Shell
Duck Carnitas tacos
Chicken and bacon gnocchi in a creamy white wine sauce
poor man's Charcuterie.
Mise en Place, simmered Octopus
char sui ribs and an Italian with blue cheese dressing salad. Home grown ingredients.
mixed white/wheat flour pancakes.
copycat bang bang shrimp on top of a homegrown lettuce base - so good even the dogs were drooling
KFC fried chicken (w. 11 plus 1 herbs and spices) with mashed potatos gravy and buttermilk bicuits
Steaks because thanksgiving got canceled.
Bánh Cam (with a twist)
Charcuterie Board
Lomo Saltado
Sushi roll variety
Swedish Princess Cake
Chanukah pumpkin bread
Is Chick-Fil-A Really Halal?  Articles
cinnamon sugar donuts!
What exactly makes a dish modern? I take a comparative look at traditional and modern Korean food using the popular dish Yukhoe (Beef Tartare) Episode 17 is up on YouTube.
Ricotta Fennel Onion Garlic Tomato Pizza
Herbed carrots, spanakorizo, and pork with fennel, oregano, etc.
Hummus
Cast Iron Bacon Mushroom Pineapple Pizza
Even Pablo knows these  tacos look amazing
Burrata and Mortadella pizza
Passionfruit and Lime Curd Tart
European hake with curry
Poutine and a Famous Pork Rib
Poutine Sausage
Marcia Fudge confirmed as first Black woman to lead HUD in more than 40 years - The Washington Post
Roasted watermelon radishes.
lemon cheesecake
Birria Tacos and Lime/Cilantro Sour Cream
home made dairy free chicken steamed dumplings
mango habanero smoked chicken
Pancakes - chocolate sauce - vanilla ice cream - banana - blueberries
Pecan Pie Cheesecake
peanut-butter inside-out almond-joy muffins
My favorite nonstick is a well seasoned cast iron. (Sorry for the poor quality one handed video)
My Vegan Christmas Menu
Omlette
Charcuterie selection
- Ricotta Cannoli Tower (Plain Vanilla and Nutella)
Cannoli : What is your favorite recipe?
XL Pierogi
Tataki salmon
Angus and grilled jalapeños cheese burger
yummy donuts today!
a  peanut butter brownie with love.
Banana Cream Trifle and Holiday Punch
mydinner today
Tortilla pizza fridays!
Spicy mac n' cheese with Gruyere, Emmental and pickled peppers, and a soft pretzel
Hash browns
Pot Roast, Cauliflower Alfredo and Pesto Pasta with Grilled Onions and Mushrooms as well as Roasted Potatoes and Sweet Potatoes with Garlic Bread.
Cuisine Economique: Veggie Fried Rice with Vienna &amp; Roasted Butternut Squash
Soy Marinated Flank Steak w/ Garlic Butter, Grilled Veg and Avocado
honey mustard salmon filet on a broccoli and parsley purée, forbidden rice on the side
Chocolate/Caramel cake, topped with crushed Celebration candy.
Delicious Crispy Eggplant! 😋😋😋
Korean BBQ Wings
My attempt at a SRF boneless ribeye...I don’t think I can ever go back to regular meats
BLT Pizza
russian honey cake
Croque Monsieur. Nothing better than Clogging arteries with cheese.
A Perfect Apple.
Rosemary, garlic, two types of sweet tomatoes, shallots, and challerhocker and gruyere cheese focaccia. Haven't baked anything besides prepared foods. Tips for improvement?
smoked barbecue chicken
Al Pastor with Pineapple Salsa
Amazing  Food Facts
Viruses similar to SARS-CoV-2 have been circulating for decades. We found one in Cambodia - Scroll.in
I present Sandvich!!!
Blueberry Lavender Molten Lava Cake
Margherita made with pomodoro pelati tomatoes. They have almost a very bitter sweet taste to them. Very amazing!
Cheesy scrambled eggs with bacon
Apple Dutch Baby Pancake
Steak and Truffle Cheese Fries
tom kha gai! Can’t go back to my hometown for my favorite rn, but this is pretty spot on!
Lamb and Cheese Burek
fried chicken strips
Lobster burger with beef dripping chips
Smashed avocado, fried egg and chilli oil. Topped with fresh coriander.
I made Sundubu
Red Velvet Macarons with Cream Cheese Filling
deconstructed scotch eggs! For explanation ask!
Picasso Meringues - Beetroot Discs, Vodka White Chocolate Mousse Filling
King Cake season is upon us!
Breakfast Empanadas
vegetable curry with rice, mango chutney and yoghurt
Reddit video of mice inside cafe fridge in Paris, France, goes viral - 7NEWS.com.au
Carne asada burrito
Hickory Smoked Baby Back Ribs
gingerbread men
Valentine Tartar with mashed cabbage and potatoes
Sashimi Trio
Dosa with Soya Keema (Curried Textured Vegetable Protein)
Roasted Chicken with Bacon and a Whisky Barbeque Sauce Glaze
soft serve ice cream
roast beef hash, egg scramble with cheese &amp; peppers and toast.
Spinach pasta stuffed with cheeses and Alfredo sauce
Spicy chicken sandwich and fries
I take my moderation in moderation.
pasta, tepache, and sauerkraut, from today's stream. :D
Can someone tell me what this is?
Finally, at 34, I was able to make a Thanksgiving meal by myself! It was so rewarding!
Churro waffles for Sunday brunch!
Cherry pie cooling on an autumn afternoon.
My bestie made me double chocolate brownie with vanilla ice cream
Philly Cheesesteak on Carpet
A Gyro
Burn's Night haggis, neeps &amp; tatties pastie
potato onion chowder
Lotus Root Stir-Fry
gyozas
Bagel Burger
Carmel peanut putter pretzel rods
Pulled pork lettuce wraps with apple radish slaw and blueberry jalapeño sauce
Deep fried chimichanga with rice and pinto beans
chicken parm with zoodles
sweet Thai chili corkscrew shrimp over Hawaiian rice
Spicy Garlic Fried Squid
Porchetta Sandwiches.
Hot Dog Girl in the Night Market│Taiwan Street Food
Air fried cool ranch crusted chicken, wild rice, and sauteed summer squash with balsamic reduction.
I attempted Seafood Paella!
Beer-battered fish and chips
Polish Apple Pancakes (Racuchy z Jabłkami)
My neighbor brought me this marinated Moose Steak from his harvest this year!
Zimtsterne - Cinnamon Christmas cookies
Korean Fried Chicken
Penne Spaghetti and Meatballs
Sabah Kahvaltısı için yada rejim yapanlar için akşam öğünü bile olabilir.
Los Calientes Rojo chicken salad subwich
Bama Style Tater- Smoked Pork Butt on a twice baked potato, “Roll Tide” -style with white sauce and holy basil watermelon sauce, Madis Gras Slaw.
Ham &amp; poached egg
turkey and salami sandwich i made with ingredients pictured below it was so good and it fed the whole family. Mixed the roasted garlic in with the mayo and cilantro. Put roasted peppers and marinated artichokes on it too
Caprese Bites follow my food page on instagram @The_Proper_Palate
trout with potato, parsley, garlic, lemon juice, olive oil, parmigiano reggiano &amp; almonds.
chickpeas fatteh with fried pita chips, yogurt and tahini sauce, and roasted pine nuts on top.
Mushroom spicy lasagna
Southwest Salad, Roasted Trumpet Royale Mushrooms and Beef Tenderloin
Chocolate and coffee cake
Shrimp Po' Boy and Fries
My  risotto alla pescatora
Grilled chicken wings
Duck Breast with a Blackberry-Cabernet Sauce
Breakfast Monte Cristo
Chicken Vesuvio
🍴Top 60 recipes you must try out this coming Christmas 👍👍🍴🍴♥️♥️
Spaghetti aglio, olio, noci e peperoncinochef.alexandru.marius
Chanterelle carbonara with parsnips and peas
flourless chocolate olive oil cake
Cinnamon swirl chocolate banana bread.
Chicken pot pie made with biscuits
Egg Custard Tart
Oyakodon (chicken meat and egg on rice)
Cheese &amp; Bacon Scrolls
Market LIVE Updates: Indices trade flat
fresh Italian bread
glutinous rice balls (Tang Yuan, 汤圆）
Tomahawk Steak platter
Mapo Tofu with Diced Leg of Lamb
Tortellini soup and flatbread
Open-faced BLT w/ spicy Mayo, Kimchi and a Bacon Fat Fried Egg
Nashville Hot Chicken
Made Omurice today!
Covid vaccine: WHO warns of 'catastrophic moral failure' - BBC News
Chickpea flour + peanut flour + banana waffles with caramel sauce and some frozen blueberries I picked earlier this year 🤩
Baked Mac and Cheese with Jack, Gruyere, crispy thick cut bacon, peas, and Parmesan on top.
Pan seared crab cakes with a lemon caper meunière, and oven roasted potatoes.
butternut squash ravioli with prawns and truffle oil sauce.
26% off Ben &amp; Jerry’s Ice Cream Vanilla Caramel Fudge right now on Amazon
Slow-cooker short rib beef stew
Bagels
Turkey and Ham Wrap (aka Lavash Wrap), Garlic Salami, Wheat Crackers and Muenster Cheese
Tea Cakes
How to make Avocado Chutney with Fresh Turmeric Root
Potato Pancakes with Parmesan, Pickles, and Sour Cream
Vegan Banana Bread https://simple-veganista.com/vegan-banana-tea-bread/
What do u guys think? 🍔
Sourdough waffles
Apple Pie with fresh picked Haralson and Sweet 16 apples.
Miso Salmon over Rice
Duck confit, with kabocha squash. Main star was the sauce, proper french style made with duck neck and part of backbone.
Shrimp Penne with Pomodoro Sauce Made with Garlic Confit
Cheese &amp; potato pierogies
Easy Raw Banana Fry Recipe
Pasta with ground beef vodka sauce
Mille-feuille Nabe for 3 (but more like trois-cent-feuille lol)
Brioche Bread
Pumpkin, pecan &amp; white chocolate chip cookies
papas en su jugo (i riffed on carne en su jugo) spicy delicious comfort food
roasted pumpkin seeds!
Youtiao (Chinese fried dough) frying in oil ft. my dad’s big ass wok !
Leftover pernil (Puerto Rican roast pork) nachos
Lotus biscoff cheesecake 👅
Chili con Carne
Celebrating 6 years with my SO, let's feast!
Homemade zucchini spaghetti

Glazed pork belly BLT
Kimchi Jigae with Mochi Mugi Rice
Roasted Eggplant and Vegetable Rice Salad with Burrata
simple cheese and onion pie
lemon waffles with blueberry syrup
Banana Walnut Brownies
Beets salad
Levain Chocolate Chip Walnut Cookie
Pasta
Smoke Brisket- 12 hours - 250 degrees
Smoked chickens
I’ve been using this recipe for years, I dressed it up for a baking contest. Unfortunately, I forgot to submit my entry, so I figured I’d post it here for you all to enjoy! Recipe in the comments.
Fried mashed potato cakes, pork chop, kale salad and mushroom gravy
Sausage &amp; Egg English muffin sandwich
spicy Italian sausage and beef chili
the Trio (flan, cheesecake, and tres leches cake)
Five Guys
spicy paitan ramen with pork belly and fried chicken
Bún Đậu Mắm Tôm
Tuna-Kimchi Stir Fry and Fried Rice
Fried bologna and pepperoni appetizers over Greek yogurt
An app is helping in reducing the food waste
Serrano ham &amp; chorizo croquettes
Pan roast duck breast, jerusalem artichoke puree, baked golden beets with blood orange &amp; red wine pan sauce
Margherita mushroom pizza
Sourdough pancakes! So yummy!! Made using my own homemade starter! *happy dance*
A Full English Breakfast
Turkey roulade inspired by Alton Brown's turketta
#healthyfood
Spanakopita and Tzatziki Sauce
Halibut and Chips
Honey Glazed Ham
Chicken Steak Recipe | Chicken Steak With Garlic Rice ""
Egg Fried Rice
Traditional Romanian Food 🤤
chicken enchiladas with red chili sauce
“Great things are done by a series of small things brought...
shacha sauce beef and vegetables stir-fry
Boeuf bourguignon on mashed potatoes with brussels sprouts (and bread)
New charcoal steak of mine made on a STOVE PAN (recipe in comments)
cheesecakes with acai berry powder from my Instagram @atviras_saldytuvas!
Burger (A.k.a. X-Tudo), Fries, Coke and Green Garlic Sauce.
Wagyu steak salad for lunch.
Homemade Cream Horns
French Toast (with cinnamon swirl bread)
peach and lavender dessert
ITALIAN FOOD QUIZ
Anniversary Cake (Moist chocolate with vanilla whipped cream and dark chocolate ganache filling)
Black bean cheeseburger.
pickled veggies
Grilled T-bone steak
Banh mi with pulled pork and veggies
Barbacoa cornbread benedict with green chili and hollandaise sauce
torched mackerel, horseradish, apple, beetroot.
Banana Cinnamon Roll with Toffee Walnut Glaze
Upcoming Tata Safari To Boast Of Many Premium Features - GaadiWaadi.com
Turkey Dinner W/ Rice &amp; Beans, Potato Salad &amp; Cranberry.
Cured and maple smoked bacon
Beef Tenderloin with caramelized onions and charred jalapeños
spooky monster cupcakes
** how many of you put beans in your chili?
Buttermilk Chicken Burger.
Beef udon noodle soup with spring onion, garlic and nori
bbq baby back ribs with mashed potatoes
chocolate orange and hazelnut cake
Leftover Turkey Enchiladas
Brisket and cheddar queso totchos
Ham and mozzarella Argentine empanadas, homemade base
Yak, wild boar, and raspberry fried shrimp tacos
Prosciutto and sage chicken rolls over tortellini
wings
Cheesy Garlic Soda Bread
Cambodian jelly dessert, don’t know english name
Lamb rack, roasted asparagus, and mashed potatoes from the garden.
Four cheese baked macaroni and cheese with graham cracker pepper streusel
Pure joy ❤️
Stock Market Live: Sensex falls over 100 points, Nifty around 14,750
COVID side effect: Coronavirus can cause sperm damage, study. Here are 5 ways to boost your fertility - Times of India
Vaniellekipferl
Hotpot
Part of a Watermelon
chicken curry in black pepper
Egg fettuccini with a white wine tomato sauce and Parmigiano-Reggiano
: Pomegranate Papri Chaat, Indian Street Snack
prime rib
Beef burger on brioche bun with caramelized onions , Edam cheese , Garlic sauce (Toumya) and sauce Algérienne . Worth every minute I spent making it !
steak nachos
Roasted Garlic and Old Cheddar Perogies with Caramelized Onions
Slow Roasted leg of Lamb tacos
banana pudding &amp; carrot cake ice cream
dogmeat in Vietnam. Very tasty!
Lose 30 pounds a month without change in diet with 80% off limited offer
Steak and Fries w/ Smokey Red Chimichurri
Steak pizza 🍕
Lawndale: Ride-share drivers, food delivery drivers robbed - Chicago Sun-Times
Hot Cheetos with Nacho Cheese
Chicken tacos
Gnocchi with meat sauce
baguette. Fried in bacon fat, topped with creamcheese, bacon, a dippy egg, manchego, seiss and panela.
Salmon Poke Bowl
I cooked some lobster on the barbeque, garlic butter and some freshly picked herbs to flavour the smoke and char. I'll share a simple garlic butter recipe if anyone wants it.
Chilli con carne with rice and garlic bread
Breakfast Wraps
shrimp alfredo
Fried chicken sando on a quad Hawaiian roll
Garlic Shoyu Ramen with Steak
creme brûlée macarons
beef bourginon
Green Forest Cake
I am brining my own beef brisket for St. Patrick’s day this year. I will do a tradition boiled dinner with the flat, and use the more marbleized point to smoke and then steam to make homemade pastrami. Happy St. Patrick’s Day!
Full Lamb from Peshawar called Kadi Kabab
key lime pie
Cranberry White Chocolate Chip Scones
Triple chocolate swiss roll I made for my mom's birthday tomorrow
Cheese Board
Spicy Butter Chicken Sandwich!
Crab cakes
Gochujang stew with a side of Kimchi
Mermelada de piña y arándanos
Simple gooey grilled cheese SAMMICH
The Offensive Burger
Classic breakfast with homemade sourdough toast
Rava -Apple Sweet.
Spaghetti carbonara and garlic knots
American Wagyu double cheeseburger with 3 slices of monterrey jack cheese, kewpie mayo and Sriracha ketchup on a brioche bun.
Cajun Pork Roast
Yangzhou fried rice
Hazelnut praline choux
Hattie B’s hot chicken in Nashville
heart-shaped Donuts with chocolate sauce
sausage, mushroom &amp; green chili scramble
Al pastor
Zaatar and Cheese (akkawi) Manakish
Spatchcocked Smoked Turkey
We had a craving, been a while!
“Gummy Bear Soup” featuring bubblegum ice cream, gummy bears, cookie dough, and chocolate chips (it literally tastes like your trick or treat bag smelled) 🎃🍬🍫🍭
Vermicelli with Colourful Vegetable Toppings.
Chiles en nogada
Shredded beef enchiladas
https://ift.tt/2LPgzke
Spit roasted mesquite &amp; jerk seasoned half chicken, baked potato with sour cream and chives, and black cherry hard cider
Chocolate Fruit Fondue
Maple Soy Glazed Salmon &amp; Seared Scallops
whole wheat apple bread
Canned spicy green tomatoes!
Shrimp and vodka sauce pasta topped with parsley and 18 month aged Parmigiano-Reggiano and garlic bread.
Strawberry Cake Topped With Chocolate Covered Strawberries
Chicken, sausage, &amp; shrimp gumbo
the best chicken nuggies

Focaccia
Orecchiette pasta
Breakfast this morning
lemon and garlic roasted chicken thighs
Our recipe to replicate the amazing sweet potato bacon biscuits from Avenue Cafe in New Orleans, LA (USA). One of my favorite breakfast treats!
milky fish head soup
3 Sauce Gnocchi
assorted dipped/covered strawberries
Fatty Melt: burger between 2 grilled cheese sandwiches
15 minute fudge brownies
At Home Korean BBQ
New York drops case over woman who called cops on black bird watcher in viral video - The Straits Times
Bacon cheeseburger
Reverse seared ribeye on the grill. Smoked indirect with hickory then a quick finish direct over fire. Served with sautéed mushroom and grilled veg.
Chinese Fried Rice in Malaysian Style
New Year Whiskey Sour!
bibimbap
French toast
sous vide brisket then smoked
Chicken 65
24hr chocolate chip cookies
Toasted cheese with pan fried tomato and onion
Chicken cashew nut
Chicken wings &amp; Baked potatoes
Bread rolls!
Slice of the homemade baklava with homemade phyllo
https://ift.tt/2LR2aUN
Crispy Baked Oven Fries
Birria de res quesatacos with consomé.
I try to use the whole animal when I cook meat. This is day 3 of turkey leftovers, the bones. Turkey bone ramen with the drums, marinated egg, scallions, and chilli garlic oil.
pizza with salami and basil on top
Oreo+chips sandwich
Panner Stuffed Chole Bhature.
Prime Rib Rare, Sweet Potato Casserole &amp; an Old Fashion
apple pie. Was gifted a box of 20 different Varieties of apples.
Peach bundt cake
Spinach pasta!
whole wheat buns
Hokkaido Wagyu
Garlic Butter NY Strip with Shrimp &amp; Roasted Red Potatoes
in Tampa.
Xixo Gaucho - Kielbasa, Bell Peppers, Onion, Sirloin, Zucchini, Shiitake, and Pork Belly Kebabs
Poached eggs topped with hollandaise sauce with fried potatoes, fresh cherry tomatoes, and avocado
Mississippi pot roast on the crock pot to start off the new year
It's cold in upstate NY, so I made Neapolitan style pizza.
Cookies for bro valentines day
Surf n Turf with brussel sprouts and mashed potatoes and a margarita because I wanted a margarita
Chicken Soup
Sự Kết Hợp DỊ THƯỜNG: Ăn ĐỒ MAKEUP cùng với FASTFOOD??? Monster Meal ASM...
chicken fajita pasta
Uncle Roger MAKE EGG FRIED RICE for Michelin Star Chef
I  had some proper tea
Friend’s Moist Maker Sandwich
perogies with kielbasa sausage
Fried Rice with Peas and Sun-Dried Tomatoes
FULL English fry up
Yummy,
Jimmy johns
Croissant
Halibut starter
Cinnamon Apple Cinnamon Rolls
beef burrito
Chicken leek pie with peas and a puff pastry crust
sandwiches
Japanese Curry Bread
Paprika Garlic Pork Chops, Sweet &amp; Sour peppers and Bacon Sage roasted Sweet Potatoes
Sous Vide Prime Ribeye w/ Smoked Corn Purée + Seared Scallops
Szechuan Beef with egg fried rice :)
Smash Monsiour
Honey ginger-marinated shrimp tacos with guac and yogurt slaw.
Egg Tomato with Peas
Maple-dijon pork tenderloin with a pancetta tarragon sauce and a baby greens and pear salad
(pastry) Death by chocolate cake pops.
cheese and bread.
Orange Marmalade!
Solstice Pork, Apple, and Roasted Orange Pie!
crab cakes with a remoulade sauce
tteok kkochi
Irresistible Top 3 Indian Winter Desserts - Kailash Sweets &amp; Snacks
Thomas Keller’s Butternut Squash soup with brown butter.
Double egg yolks!
Glazed Porkchop
Viral video of crammed MAEPS quarantine centre misleading - Nadma - Malaysiakini
Sichuan chili oil
Rice, egg, chicken, kimchi, green onions and shichimi togarashi
frozen My Sha-Roni pizza
Crusty rustic white breads

Apple Sauce
Cheesy Hotdog Scramble.
Happy Thanksgiving - Rotisserie Chicken &amp; Bacon Fried Rice
Noodles and maitake, shiitake, shimeji mushrooms, garlic + shoyu crumbled tempeh, with flax seed liang pi sauce!
rib eye app: butternut squash puree, rib crown, caramelized shiitake mushrooms, fried wonton strips, pea shoots, and bone marrow bordelaise
Rack of lamb for dinner
Canadian poutine with Montreal smoked meat with thick sliced bacon, cheddar cheese curds (ie squeaky cheese) and Montreal beef gravy
Layered beef mole enchiladas casserole
Salmon and egg benedict on toasted baguette with hollandaise sauce
USDA Prime Ribeye
Chicken Stir-Fry
Blackened shrimp tacos
Brown-sugar Walnut Fudge Candies
Sunny side up eggs with Japanese milk toast
Omelette et al
Mini pumpkin pies
Pain aux raisins
charcuterie board!
Garlic Ginger Shrimp and Noodles
Smoothie Recipes! | BEST smoothies EVER!
Ground Brisket burger with cheddar cheese.
Hemp and spirulina dough
English Breakfast
gingerbread (houses)
tuna poke with pickled daikon radish and green onion
An Easy Evening Snack Bread Pinwheel
sub.
We made bagels in class
Chicken Gyros incl Flatbread
Crab Mac &amp; Cheese
pizza flatbread with pesto Shrimp
Prime rib dinner
Mmmmm!! Delicious homemade Ice cream from banana, strawberry, and choclate!
beignets stuffed with fried shrimp
Zebra cheesecake 🦓
Cornish hen, paprika garlic mash potatoes, macaroni salad with some poppyseed bread
Quick Vegetarian Pasta Recipie
Weekend brunch with scrambled eggs and chicken in pomegranate molasses
homemade hot pot
spaghetti with smoked meatballs and smoked onion/garlic/tomatoes for the sauce
Wagyu Steak and (imitation)Crab Fettuccini Alfredo
French Macarons. Chocolate, pistachio, blueberry cream cheese, strawberry Swiss butter cream and pastry cream filling
Beachwood’s food delivery program gets national attention: Press Run - cleveland.comViral Video: Hrithik Roshan's impromptu performance as Mika Singh croons 'Ek Pal Ka Jeena' breaks the internet - DNA India
Passionfruit Tarts.
one pot mushroom lemon pasta topped with ricotta and salt cured egg yolk
Reese’s Peanut Butter Cheesecake
Fried chicken!
4 cheese, parmesan crusted cheese melt on sourdough
1/2 Franks Red Hot, 1/2 Lemon Pepper chicken wings.
Sausage and  fries
The spicy and coco shrimp from CocoShrimp in Fort Worth, Texas.
chocolate cheesecake bubble tea and caramel bubble tea
Garlic Shrimp Stir Fry with Wild Rice.
Crepes with wildberry syrup, bananas, and chocolate
Vanilla Anglaise caramelized sugar top. With sugared Mango, strawberries, blueberries.
Tortellini in brodo di cappone
Creamy cajun tomato pasta

I've discovered how awesome soups are to make! Chicken Tortilla Soup!!
Eye fillet steak with onions and broccoli. Seasoned and cooked with garlic and Rosemary.
Scottish Smoked Salmon, Dill Oil, Lemon Zest, Lemon Juice &amp; Sumac. Also known as Lemon with a side of Salmon.
Some enchiladas I made for lunch. Regards from Mexico City
Sara Menker, CEO of Gro Intelligence, Believes Big Data Can Save Our Climate and Food Supply - TIME
Breakfast: Cooked red onions, poblanos, crispy jarlsberg cheese &amp; pepper jack cheese, over easy eggs, crispy gold potatoes, heirloom tomatoes, arugula, garlic powder and truffle salt!
Bowl of Chicken Karhai and Rice.
Banana Cream Pie
NY Strip resting on the rack. Medium Rare
Vegetable Crepes in tamil|வெஜிடபிள் கிரீப்|Savory crepe|வெஜிடபிள் ஸ்டபுட் தோசை| #Thattukadai|#11
Glass Gem Corn
Ratatouille with Italian sausage
chicken fingers, fried green beans, and potato rounds with Sriracha mayo, honey mustard, and ranch.
Bon apple tea
Delicious red velvet milkshake from Manny’s Sweet Treats in Long Island.
Halleluj...AHHH
Hot Smoked Salmon with Salted Lemon Yogurt and Anise
Short ribs - all your yummy looking pics inspired me. This one is over mashed with roasted veggies and a horseradish creme fraiche sauce l.
Brown Butter and Sage Risotto with Wild Mushrooms.
fish stew
Phở Gà
Sweetbreads with XO sauce, pickled Fresnos, and yuzu aioli
Carne asada tacos with elote.
Roasted leg of lamb with mint, rosemary and parsley
pumpkin butter chicken with garlic naan
Gumbo Deluxe: with jumbo lump crab, U-10 scallops, king crab legs, chicken breast, spicy andouille sausage and jumbo shrimp w/ a cajun lobster tail
Vegetarian Chinese for Christmas Dinner
Salmon Burger with Garlic Butter And Mahón Cheese.
Smoked whole chicken.
Burrata and fresh bread
Coconut pork, roasted green peppers, and chilis on rice with fried saba in spicy honey vinaigrette
Justin Wilson's Jambalaya
Homemade protein bars
Daw Aung San Suu Kyi Detained in Myanmar Amid Coup Fears - The New York Times
philly cheese steak pizza w/ everything crust and a1
Basil pesto cauliflower “risotto” topped with shrimp.
Pear, cranberry and gingersnap crumble.
hot dogs loaded with pulled pork, slaw, and a vinegar based bbq sauce. Side of banana pudding and Brunswick stew.
Roasted lemon herb chicken over parsnips, carrots, squash, and onions
PIZZA the queen "Margherita" with mozzarella cheese named "fior di latte" baked in home oven
cashew (top) and oreo (bottom) polvoron.
Half pepperoni and jalapeño and half sausage and mushroom pizza with a garlic oil brushed crust
Sausage and Tortellini Soup
Cheese Steak Sandwich
Assorted Christmas Cookies
Chili Egg Fried Rice
Bar Pizza
Lamb and beef hotpot
cambodian dry egg noodles with broth on the side
quiche
Short-Ribs
Miso Soup Noodles
Beachwood’s food delivery program gets national attention: Press Run - cleveland.com
Boeuf Bourguignon in a cast iron over a campfire
Made some hotsauce today from my home grown peppers (except the Thai Chilis)
a German sandwich
Breakfast burrito - bacon/eggs/roast red potato/onions/peppers/jalapeños - (yes it’s covered in fried cheese)
Iranian Ghormeh Sabzi Stew
Cotton candy checkerboard cake
Kare Kare (Filipino Oxtail Stew)
Receta de ensaimada
Stuffed chicken wrap
Roasted Garlic
Haupia Malasadas
Gyros from a gyro kit from Aldi!
Bone in Rib-eye, garlic herb mash and brussels
Cherry tomatoes and olives focaccia
Bacon, Egg &amp; Cheese Breakfast Sandwich
minced beef tajine
Covid: New lockdown for England amid 'hardest weeks' - BBC News
ribeye steak
Pineapple upside down cake
Char Siew Wanton Noodles
Pulled pork on sourdough brioche with pickled red cabbage
Deep fried Mac and cheese. Go #Bills!
QUINOA
egg waffle
Pomelo sweet bread (chilli peppers for decoration only)
Charcuterie tray that we made for tonight’s festivities.
Chinese red chili oil
Cheese oregano bread.
Chocolate Covered Brown Butter Millionaire Bars
tomato and avocado on toast w Mayo.
Supreme Pizza No Olives
Dumplings
Crab, spinach and mushroom tarts!
Rotisserie chicken and bacon fried rice
Alfredo w/ cheesy bread+roasted garlic
bread rolls sprinkled with tumeric, thyme and black pepper
shabu shabu, Japanese-style hot pot
Olympus. Chocolate mousse, marshmallow, and caramel honeycomb
Croque Madame 😩
A classic winter food Nabe.
Grilled Cheese Sandwich with Homemade Sourdough
breakfast ramen
Cinnamon, blueberry, and dark chocolate bread pudding.
honey and smoked paprika Turkey Pastrami
Red wine braised beef short ribs with veggies, mashed potatoes and gravy.
Pumpkin Spice Cheesecake Brownies 😋
EASY  FRENCH TOAST RECIPE!!! ALL INGREDIENTS ALREADY AT HOME!!!
Grilled steak and baby potatoes
Cast Iron Pizza
Smash burger
Smoked Chicken Wings, Oysters and Mushroom all finished on open fire, and grilled asparagus
Cajun Food
Chamangos or Chamoyadas
Truit topped with Blue Cheese and Walnuts with Pasta
rigatoni with guanciale, tomato purée, cherry tomatoes, spinach, and Parmesan cheese
Stir Fry Pork EggPlant
Yellow curry fried chicken sandwich w/spicy pineapple slaw
Blueberry, banana and maple syrup covered pancakes
WhatsApp sets new record with 1.4 billion voice, video calls on New Year’s Eve - Mint
Venison Wellington
Roasted everything. Lamb, potatoes and asparagus.
EXTREME Iran Street Food  Tour in Tehran, Iran! 500 KG LAMB PLATE + 7 INSANE Street Food in Iran! - YouTube
pizza with homemade crust, pepperoni, onion, garlic, jalepeño, mozzarella
Bacon, Eggs and Toast.
Charcuterie heaven
reheated chicken enchiladas
Panko Crusted Pane in Carrozza
Honey mustard baked Ham
what I had for desert
Made Cat Rice Today!
Pea and Mushroom Risotto
spaghetti with tomato cream sauce
Tôm Xào Bơ Tỏi (Vietnamese garlic butter shrimp
Raspberry Lamb Rack with Greek Salad and Eggplant.
Beautiful dessert
I was told there will be cake today. I did not receive any so I improvised and bought few. Absolutely delicious.
Pear &amp; raspberry tarts with oats &amp; brown sugar
Misérable
Salmon Fish Curry Recipe
ham with pineapple sauce last Dec 25
Chocolate cake w/chocolate stout buttercream. (I fudged the bottom in transport)
Grilled Cheese with  Vegetable Broth
Western Style Burger With Shoestring Fries
Elk Curry with peppers from the garden!
Chocolate peanut butter pie. Made with homemade whipped cream.
mixed german platter
Eggnog Cheesecake with Graham Cracker Crust
Chimney Cake Ice Cream
No knead bread.
Salmon Fillet, Honey, Chilli &amp; Soy
S’mores skillet, none for you doggo!
Hot and Sour soup
rosemary sourdough focaccia
Hamburger Buns
sugar cookies with ombré buttercream frosting
turkey soup and turkey salad with hot sauce and a glass of whole milk
8 Hour Hickory Smoked Brisket
a 6 square sicilian pizza w/ banana peppers basil and mushrooms
Raindrop Cake
Ciabatta Burger
"" capscicum masala curry
Carrot Cake Birthday Cake with Will Forte Icing
Karaage Chicken
Whipped canned chickpea water and turned it into chocolate mousse
Red Velvet shake
Lasagna Garlic Bread Ring w/ salad and homemade croûtons
Irish 'Blaa' style roll, folded egg, back bacon, chili sauce
Toasted croissant with melted camembert topped with lingonberry jam
Pad kee mow (Thai drunken noodles)
Passionfruit Cream Mini Cookies
Salted Chilli chips
Vegetarian Sloppy Joe.
Steak tacos with pickled jalapeño and shallots and cilantro sour cream
Cheese puffs
Hand-cut, twice-fried French fries with Portland ketchup
Matcha cake!
“cream horn”
Prawn Curry
How to Carve Serrano Ham -  Costco Serrano Ham (Jamón ibérico)
Breakfast Sandwich — Sausage, Egg, and Cheese on a Biscuit
Mexican Berea, TJ Style
Halloween themed monster deviled eggs.
iberico jamon and pan con tomate
Blueberry pancakes syrup &amp; bacon
Breakfast Shakshuka with Tzatziki
Stir fried fishcake, spicy fried tofu, and rice with furikake
Salted fish, thinly sliced pork belly and vegetable fried rice
Seared tofu spicy ramen with potstickers
sweet and sour chicken.
Sweet &amp; Savoury Duck Confit Risotto (Middle Eastern Styled)—
Covid-19: Overcrowding at vaccination centres worries health experts - Times of India
Tamales for a birthday. Mine!
Leek Parmesian Croissant
bulgogi meatloaf sandwich
salmon fish seafood
Custard Apple
Quick breakfast
Fish and chips is the most popular dish in my hometown of Thunder Bay, Ontario. Every restaurant has their own version and unique style. So I wanted to share with you my version of a Korean Style Fish and Chips.
Chicken Cheese Burger and say Kudos!
Spinach and artichoke egg souffle
Pistachio French Macarons with generous pistachio filling
Took a try at making a roast beef
3 Day Tonkotsu Ramen
sunday roast with smoked pork belly
One of the Best Desserts in Town - The Chocolate Melted Fudge and the Blue Berry Camembert Cheesecake.
Roy Choi’s Mojo Pork
A Super Reuben
Country-Fried Chicken of the Woods.
Maryland Crab Cake Burger w/ Mayo-Less Pineapple SlawHow to make the EASIEST and tastiest mug cake
duck sweet sour
Fried Chicken Recipe- see ishti_eats on instagram for full recipe
Mushroom Ravioli
Chicken pot pie, my three favorite things
Open face egg sandwich
Smashed green chilli cheeseburger
72-Hour Beef Wellington
Lamb, Potato, Carrot, Shallot, Peas
pita bread
a breakfast burrito
Francisco Partners completes acquisition of Forcepoint, announces new appointments - ETCIO.com
Sous vide top sirloin with a Mushroom Seasoning rub and finished with Garlic Red Savina Habanero sauce. Oven roasted potatoes that were tossed in sun dried tomato and harissa olive oil. Oven roasted broccoli with a spicy yuzu lemon butter.
strawberry yogurt, blueberries, and homemade granola.
Shortbread Cookies Recipe With Only 3-Ingredient!
Lobster roll and corn on the cob with truffle fries.
Cajun Shrimp Scampi so yummy
Risotto alla milanese (traditional saffron risotto from Milan) with Ossobuco
Burger.
Whole deep-fried chicken
Crab salad on a bagel w/ pineapple chutney
Grilled chicken drumsticks and kielbasa sausage.
Pork neck, mashed patatoes and some veggies
Turkey Pizza
- potato soup with chives and bacon
Napoletana style pizza with salsiccia and black olives
Crab and Shrimp Cajun Boil with andouille sausage, mushrooms, potatoes and corn. Tap and zoom for “texture”
Campfire Breakfast
3 egg onion and green pepper omelette stuffed with hash brown rounds and cheddar jack cheese
Fried Grits
Banana Pudding Filled Sopapillas w/ a Spiced Rum Whip Cream
Sesame Beef with green onion.
Limoncello
vanilla/strawberry Birthday cake
Thánh Nấu Ăn chế biến Mỳ Lạnh KINH DỊ từ búp bê ANNABELLE - Crazy Chef A...
Baked ziti with marinara from home grown tomatoes and hydroponic basil
Rump steak with salad, grilled peppers and asparagus tips
Instant Mysore Bonda with Sprouts
Sesame Chicken and Onigiri /w Soy Sauce Glaze. I post everything on my IG @myrtlestreetkitchen
Marinated pork roast with pot
&amp; experimenting: Sweet &amp; spicy ribs (orange, paprika, curry, garlic, salt), 5-cheese Mac &amp; cheese, mashed plantain purée, and roasted Spring onions (not pictured)
Asian Style Chilly Chowmein
https://ift.tt/3iURoJi
Urfa pepper, red pepper flake, and garlic kebabs over blended rice.
Simple turkey
fresh pasta in a spicy anchovy tomato sauce
“” Chicken Tendies and an Old Fashioned
Pan Fried Line Caught Sea Bass, Capers, Caviar, Roasted Cauliflower with a Sauce Grenobloise
Couscous with chicken skewers
pepperoni detroit-style pizza
Ribs Croquete with Pineaple Chutney
Baby Banana Bake
meatballs in tomato basil sauce
Beef Street Tacos
Breakfast tacos and strawberry smoothie!
Rigatoni Alfredo
tofu riccotta and fig, heritage tomatoes and basil on olive bread
spicy pickled sweet peppers and onions
Porridge with baked pumpkin and shrimps
Pickled beet, pickled onion, goat cheese and pecan salad
Smoked chicken and jalapeño poppers
Bhakri (Whole Grain Bread from Gujarat, India)
broccoli soup
Pumpkin Ginger Bread
Happy birthday cake - sweet sweet
making shawarmas &amp; hummus!
Home-comfort lasagna
Mahi Mahi in lemon-garlic cream sauce with cilantro rice
Chicken Drumsticks. Crispy And Juicy
Nibbles (aka Chex Mix). A holiday tradition.
Mashed Potato Pierogies
Egg Protein bites with spinach and Bell pepper
Steamed artichoke, salmon fillets, kale salad and stamppot
Halloween Strawberries
Waffles with a homemade blueberry and calamansi syrup
mini English breakfast
Spaghetti os
Zucchini with chicken
Amatriciana sauce
Blackberry Jam
Roast pork belly.
Kat vada Homemade(potato vada in spicy gravy)
Spicy tuna poke salad
healthy at Taco Bell
Crispy edge pancakes, bacon, and eggs over easy fried in bacon grease.
Aloo Parathas, Indian Flatbread Stuffed With Potatoes, Onions and Coriander; Served with pickles and butter
Grilled lobster tail with a garlic and cilantro compound butter.
eggs Benedict with salmon, spinach and tomato. Paired with corn beef hash and bacon 🥓
Chocolate rice with caramel and red currant.
orange chicken with broccoli and other vegetables in sauce
Pork Belly, Braised Beef, and Egg Dumplings
Apple Pie
French onion soup
KOREAN SPICY COLD NOODLE
Pancake with mushroom, red pepper, and cheese omlet.
mutton biryani and eggplant curry
Japanese Chicken Noodle Soup
Texas BBQ at Terry Black’s.
Chocolate Cupcakes with Chocolate Ganache frosting
Skillet Scalloped Potatoes
Rye Bread w/ Dried Currants
cheeseburger pizza on sourdough crust
Chili
a mini pizza that I am really proud of
Spicy Cajun Chicken Spaghetti
Yeast waffles, homemade butter.
Taco Cups, Spanish Rice, Seasoned Tater Crowns w/ Cheese Sauce
Honey Buttermilk Bread
the best karak chai I have ever tasted from a dubai street vendor
Parmigiana di melanzane
Grilled Squid
Ratatuille😍 Slicing the vegetables took a whole year!
A Katz's pastrami Reuben
Not real but anyone who has a sweet tooth might like this 3D desktop background doughnut
My better half made this
▪Quadruple Cheese Lasagna, Chips and Salad
chicken cordon bleu.
Baked salmon, pan seared ham, baked lobster tail, deviled potatoes &amp; stir fried asparagus (Pumpkin pie was from the store). Unconventional Thanksgiving dinner for an unconventional year.
Seafood Platter - Smoked Salmon, Garlic King Prawns, Crab Claw, Samphire, Dressed Lobster, Chili Squid, Potted Shrimp, Mackerel Pâté &amp; Crevettes.
Saw a  crunch wrap supreme on here. Wanted to show mine off too
smoked salmon with guacamole and poached egg 🍴
Japanese breakfast: Miso soup, salted salmon, and tamagoyaki
Chicken and Aubergine and pea Thai Curry with garlic fried Cauliflower
Spicy ground pork ramen with shiitake, jalapeño, green onion, marinated bamboo chutes, and ramen eggs and our Vietnamese hot sauce. Mixed broth with a homemade black garlic tare.
Falafel Burgers -  Hi, I love falafel, and I have decided to make burgers out of it since I'm vegan. The burgers sometimes crumble; what is a good binder? (flour or bread crumbs to keep original falafel taste) also, should the burgers be thicker for better cooking and less crumbling?
One-pot veggie pasta
Close up of my  pizza
Full English breakfast
Tomahawk steak
StroopWafel Caramel Cupcakes
Korean Street Sandwich
English Muffin Breakfast Sandwich
Candied bacon apple pie
freeze dried bananas. What do u think of freeze dried fruits snacks like these? Got it from this store www.shopnau.com
cheezit and dorito breaded chicken tenders.
ratatouille. Remy would've been proud.
Burnt Basque Cheese Cake
Korean Doughnuts!
Fried Chicken Gua Bao!
Aioli
https://ift.tt/35TYmZs
migas
Deviled Gggs
Rosemary potato tart
Glazed mousse cake
Roast Pork
Stacked eggplant parm n spaghetti on a paper plate
Ricotta &amp; spinach ravioli
Smoked my own bacon, and cured it too.
Bacon and Eggs
chicken fillet rolled in chilli powder with yellow paprika &amp; green chilli, on a bed of rice noodles topped with crispy rice noodles and lime.
Pan-Roast Potatoes, Carrots, Cabbage &amp; Onions in Garlic, Ginger, Chilli, Lime &amp; Soy Sauce
sheet pan shrimp scampi and broccolini
Salsa Verde
Fluffy Pancakes with Dark Chocolate and Banana Caramel Sauce
Egg Curry - Indian Style
Pork and fennel sausage rolls.
Fruity Cheese Cake
Classic Lebanese breakfast 🤤
Simple Christmas sirloin dinner.
Pares
Ricotta ravioli in creamy pesto sauce.
cheese grits
Bacon &amp; Chorizo Penne
bacon cheeseburger and fries
Sardines
I Made: Salted Caramel Pecan Cheesecake
Chicken Stir Fry
Japanese milk bread
Genoise cake with strawberry whipped cream and a white chocolate mirror glaze.
FRIED CRAB LEGS
Tadka Dal, Paneer Bhurji, And Rotis.
500lbs of turkey for dinner take outs
Vegetarian Sweet potato and Sofritas Tacos
Sour watermelon gummies
Gnocchi alla Sorrentina! Italy
Shawarma beef over shredded scallion, balsamic avocado salad, and fresh Haitian mango seasoned lightly with chipotle chili powder
3 Backlava- Frenchtoast
- Oven Fried Lemon Pepper Hot Wings
Spatchcock Chicken with Mushroom Risotto &amp; Roasted Carrots.
Babki from my Polish grandmother’s recipe, with a few tweaks (3 rises among them) my holiday baking tradition. Worth the 25 minutes of hand kneading...
A salmon burger I made after eating McDonald's disappointing Hokkaido Salmon Burger
Crispy pan fried salmon with quinoa salad
Roasted Radicchio and Roquefort
Apple butter macaron
Chocolate and Yogurt Dessert
burbon sticky toffee pudding
Tiny Tamagoyaki/Rolled Omelette :)
blueberry pie
Hawaiian Ahi Poké
Why Do You Think About Junk Food More Than Healthy Snacks? Just an interesting video that might be interesting for some people.
Pepperoni Crafted from Beets
Coco Latte &amp; Chocolate Chip Walnut Cookie
chicken noodle soup.
Squid ink spaghetti with tuna sauce
chicken mole tacos
brunch test trial items at the new restaurant
Pain au Chocolate (?) Chocolatine?
beef tips in a French onion gravy over rice
Cottage pie with a chunky-chip top
Nigerian goat pepper soup
Indo Chinese Hakka Noodles and Chilli Tofu
Hello I have one question. I am from Switzerland and would like immigrate to the US. My dream is to open a Restaurant, which serves Turkish/Kurdish specialities with atouch of switzerland. My idea is a so called "döner" (which is comparable to a kebab mixed with a burrito) in bag bread or flatbread.
Coho Salmon with a tahini, miso, and yam purée with sautéed onions, garlic, and rosemary, with grilled broccolini
Tasty Chicken Kebabs.... YUM!
Smores Bagel - French Toast Bagel with Nutella and Marshmallow Fluff.
Crabmeat Imperial.
Judi Dench goes viral on TikTok in hilarious video with grandson - ‘I like Jason Derulo’ - Express
Yellow hake steamed, super crisp skin, orange vinaigrette and pumpkin purée.
Tofu Two Ways. Savory Herb and Sweet Mango.
Steak salad ❣️
Oreo esk biscuits
Braised Short Ribs.
Milkfish steak &amp; a veggie stir fry with quail egg
restaurant dish made with courgettes, whey and lemon 😋 Feedback pls!
Blueberry NoBake Cheesecake w/ Oreo Crust
Cranberry Multi-seed Grilled Cheese Sammich
Try Raro! Made in New Zealand  it’s similar to Kool-Aid but doesn’t need sugar!
Beef Rendang
Pasta and Pesto! Tasty!
leftover roasted potatoes topped with 2 fried eggs and chopped bacon
Loaded breakfast tots - scrambled eggs, guacamole, bacon bits, tomato salsa, and pickled jalapeños on tater tots.
Getting some kebabs ready for a good social distanced birthday!
Breakfast
Little Neck Clams &amp; Toast
Balady bread broiled with garlic butter, eggs and cheese then topped with homemade pulled pork
Lunch
udon soup
Avocado Egg in a Hole
halloween treats !!
White chocolate ganache raspberry cake
tuna sashimi,black garlic sweet potato purée, leche de tigre, radish ,sriracha and furikake
seafood risotto
peanut butter honey granola bars
Sweet Steamed Maine Lobster and corn
Wild boar lasagna
caramelized onion, prosciutto &amp; gorgonzola galette on a spelt flour crust. #fancypizza
Large pep, Large Grandma
Pork belly burnt ends with a pineapple teriyaki glaze served with rice in a pineapple
Seafood Lasagna with lobster, shrimp and scallops
Hot Cocoa Marshmallows
Sushi.
Two updated Apple devices said to be taxiing down the runway for an April liftoff - PhoneArena
Pork belly and potatoes
Chinese cuisine Chicken dish ~盐焗鸡
Seared Scallops, buerre blanc, asparagus &amp; bacon
A strawberry poptart from a bakery
sea bass ceviche coated in a lemony sauce
? Pork tendy loin from hello fresh
Vishawn macarons
Traditional Irish Soda bread
Australian Jam Donuts
Salmon-Avocado-Crepe Cake
Saag paneer and Tikka garam masala and cauliflower rice.
Pepperoni, cherry pepper and thai basil pizza
Gyoza with vinegar sauce
Cold rice noodle salad
A tulip by another name? 'Gamestonk' and the case for investor caution - Mint
Frankfurter Sandwich, Mustard, Ketchup, Chopped Onion, Chopped Dill Pickle
Chintapandu Pulihora Temple Style Telugu చింతపండు పులిహోర గుడిలో పెట్టె ప్రసాదంలా ఈ విధంగా చెయ్యండి
pork chop, carrot-apple puree and wild rice
Sweet potato, sweet sausage. It ain’t much but it’s an honest meal.
Mac&amp;cheese with crispy onions and BBQ ribs
Jerk Chicken with Jamaican Coconut Rice and Braised Cabbage
Caramelized Shallot Bucatini topped with Crispy Fried Egg
beef brisket poutine
Ricotta cake recipe, quick , easy and really tasty 😋
My well-executed homemade American breakfast this morning, complete with homemade sourdough toast.
Surf n Turf
Delicious Easy Baileys Cheesecake
Chocolate Mousse Cake
Soo From my gf her mom did this Cake (My gf calls it salad cake what are your names ?) I really don’t know what the hell went wrong there
Warm blanket on a plate.
Ahi Tuna Roll
GameStop Stock Surge Explained by 'Normal Person' in Viral Video Watched 5 Million Times - Newsweek
Just some good ol' fashioned Spaghetti and Meatballs.
Nashville hot buttermilk fried chicken sandwich + spicy black garlic aoili
a chessboard
NM hatch green chile and chicharrones on a fresh flour tortilla
Dumpling party for two: Fried wontons, cabbage and wonton miso soup, korean beef tacos, and steamed dumplings.
Shopper’s Cookies
Sunday Roast with Yorkshire puddings
"Philly Taco"
Very traditional Brazilian dessert, açaí and guaraná ice cream with bananas, honey and granola :)
See how I make Taco Al Pastor - recipe included in the description.
Foccacia Bread with sundried tomato, olive and rosemary
Thai Curry
Vegan Taco Dinner - Tofu sofritas, Mexican style black beans, pico de gallo, guacamole, pickled jalapenos and onions, roasted peppers, Mexican style rice, vegan smokey chipotle cheddar
mochi donuts
filled omelette and sourdough
Hazelnut Cocoa Tart
Gumbo Yaya (w/ Shrimp, Smoked Turkey Sausage, and Shredded Chicken)
Rice Krispy treat skulls and ghost
Ramen with marinated eggs and lots of veggies
Heart-Shaped Sugar Cookies
Potatoes with sieved tomatoes, bacon and onion.
Chocolate peanut butter Swiss roll
Smoked mac &amp; cheese
Fun attempt at agar gummies!
Praline blondie with vanilla ice cream and toffee sauce
open pie with eggs, mushrooms, leeks, onions and ham and topped with cheese
My Chipotle chili with rice, cheese and sour cream and of course jalapeño slices. Lol
Tuna, avocado, and vegetable sushi in Kyoto.
Steamed Corn
matcha mousse cake with macaroon
A souvlaki salad  for dinner
steak and eggs 🥩 🥚
Buffalo Chicken Egg Roll
A BLT Club sandwich and Dill fries
I made my very own  chicken pot pie ever!
Chicken chow mein
Chocolate cake with chocolate ganache, chocolate buttercream and esspresso
kinder cake
burgers w/ sautéed onions and mushrooms w/ blue agave siracha stripes
The Easiest Way To Make  Pancakes!
made Cherry-smoked ribs
Chocolate cupcakes decorated with vanilla swiss meringue buttercream
Coho Salmon street tacos. Everything on the plate except the pico de gallo was homemade. Slaw had lots of lime and charred endives. Pickled red onions were made fresh. Delish.
As I’m about to devour this beefsteak. I want to give thanks to the cow for their sacrifice. Thank you my moo friend.
Steak Dinner
cherrywood smoked whole turkey
Smothered pork chops, sautéed kale with bacon tossed in a lemon vinaigrette and roasted rosemary potatoes
Baked Sweet Potato Fries
maple pork belly, hickory ham, &amp; 12hr pulled pork topped with jalapeño, pineapple, &amp; slaw on ciabatta.
Spam Musubi Sushi
Chocolate Chip Cookies
Pomegranate Seeds (They look like little Jewels)
Oreo Irish Cheesecake and Weasel Coffee
gluten free cheesecake with chocolate whipped cream
Carrot cake with cream cheese frosting
Mahi-Mahi tacos with chipotle aioli
crackers and cheese
Chicken Fajitas
olive oil cake
I made steak in a cast iron skillet( it’s a flat iron) with thyme, rosemary, garlic, salt and pepper with a side of green beans and mashed potatoes.
Dry aged steak and lobster claw
Crispy breaded chicken with rice curry and salads
Whole Smoked Chicken
steak quesadilla with fresh pico
fillet steak, rare, with pepper sauce, potato gratin and grilled broccoli, asparagus &amp; parsnips
I made this ugly crust Pumpkin Pie!
Ani (medium well of course)
Did you try this curry before? This is one of my favourite Curry- . Let me know if you want to make it and need the recipe?
Sweet potato fries
Prime sirloin with Brussels sprouts and potatoes au gratin
Crunchy Twisted Donuts
loaded baked potato soup in a bread bowl
Spaghetti, Jalapeño bread, Baked pork loin, Chiles rellenos, Apple salad and Tiramisu roll.
Chicken Katsu Curry.
Ricotta with Local Honey, Toasted Rose, Bee Pollen, and Thyme. Smoked Sea Salt Crostini.
chopped cheese sandwich on a French Parisian loaf.
Souffle omelette
Chicken pot pie with a poinsettia shaped crust
Smorgasbord Of Different Tacos
How to deal with tomahawks bones?
My hubby's orange blossom bday cake.
My quarantine, home alone birthday dinner.
Pumpkin Spice Sugar Cookies
How Quesabirria Tacos are Made at Oakland Food Truck La Santa Torta - Eater
Pasteis de nata
Double chocolate cookie and vanilla ice cream on chocolate soil w/ caramel-vanilla gel
Rice with squid
First Attempt Feta Cheese
Acai bowl
Matzah Pizza, looks rough but tastes good!
Peppermint bark
Beef Tenderloin Quesadilla
Last nights Ribeye
Pork Tenderloin Burritos
Simple Chocolate Cake w/ Nutella Buttercream!
Christmas Sugar Cookies!
Honey Sriracha Salmon and Garlic Soy Chinese Broccoli
Beetroot, Red Onion and Goats Cheese Tart
Kimchi chicken salad sandwiches. Pan roasted chicken breast, diced kimchi, greens and tomatoes on ciabatta.
Utica, NY Greens
Cilantro Lime Salmon Bowl with fresh salad
Jalapeño/cheddar buns
Shrimp scampi pizza
Chef John's choux au craquelin
Cast Iron Pineapple Upside Down Cake
Being from the uk we can’t beat a Sunday roast favourite of the week
Braised Mushroom Tenderloin with Hash Brown and Gherkins.
Steak tacos for breakfast this morning
That :3 face says it all
Hawaiian bbq, kalbi, huli huli and aloha marinated prime flap
Katsu Curry in KSA
A Bunch Of Surprisingly Cheap Chinese Food
Blackberry Cobbler
French Onion Meatball Sub
Blood orange, buttatta, lavender honey, basil and coriander.  (Nopi) inspired.
Chocolate Chip Cookies with White Chocolate
Apple pie OC ^-^
everything bagels
McDonald's is always trying to get you in the door... My review on the McDonald's Apple Fritter.
maybe a cookie cake?  (I saw the recipe on pinterest)
72 Hour Beef Wellington based on Alvin Zhou’s recipe
brioche buns and cinnamon twist
Products phone case
Lemon Zest Chicken
Pastrami sandwich with relish, coleslaw and cheese sauce.
Burger with fries
Ratatouille. Suggest you invest in a mandolin if you're going to make ratatouille, much much easier.
made this a while ago
Salmon  in North Cyprus!
Hamburger patties w/ creamy tomato sauce
sugar cookies with royal icing
bacon, spinach, tomato, mayo, on toasted sourdough.
Do 'ya like my buns? 😁
4.6lb Muffaletta
Duck and wild mushroom Stroganoff with Nokedli
medium rare bone-in shank steak with a cabernet demi-glaze
Sharpn up your cooking skills with your virtual coach
(Homemade)The Ultimate List Of Chrismas Cookies
Haddock Chowder
Shoyu Ramen
Banana Bread with Granola Topping and a light Honey Glaze
cheese tacos
Ice Cream Sandwich
I recently discovered this super delicious sandwich!
Prezidentskiye shchi
Larb, papaya salad, Thai style wings, and sticky rice.
Baby Butternut Squash Soup + Curried Sous Vide Short Rib + Cashew Cream + Tajin Pepitas
Spicy Korean Marinated Shrimp
Pan Seared Blackened Salmon &amp; Arugula dressed with Red Wine Vinaigrette, Shallot and Parmesan
Grilled peanut butter and banana sandwich
Valentine sugar cookies
Chicken Tuscany Pizza.
Honey Hot Wings
Steak quesadillas with guacamole and pico de gallo
12 Hour Cook Brisket
Swedish(ish) meatballs.
Beef Bourguignon and mashed potatoes
spicy shrimps tapas
Chicken stuffed pockets
Chicken Soup
Steamship Franks
Cheesecake with lemon for my friend birthday (Recipy by Bruno Albouze)
vanilla caramel candies
Pork Schnitzel and Ricotta pesto pasta with Broccoli with garlic bread.
smoked hickory ribs
Brown Butter Scallops w/ Kabocha Squash Béchamel and Toasted Pistachios
Pappardelle with Short Rib beef Ragù
Garlic Chili-Peanut noodles (aka Dandan noodles)
Strawberry Chia Seed Jam with Crunchy Peanut butter on Rye Toast
Marinated London broil for sandwiches and salads
Spaghetti meatballs home grown tomato sauce
My Favorite Hangover Breakfast Complete With Hair Of The Dog
first deep dish attempt. Shout out to Chef John.
Spicy skirt steak with red beans and rice and broccoli
Singapore Fried Hokkien Mee
Torta de chilaquiles in Cancun, Mexico (12/31/2020)
Pan Seared Pork Tenderloin Medallions
Reverse-seared ribeye steak with German-style creamed spinach and (made from frozen) curly fries
Chicken Kiev with Aloo Chokha, Amritsari Lavash and Nawabi Sauce
Moroccan lamb stew. Citrus fennel, fried garbanzos, fresh black garlic sour cream, and jasmine rice with nuts and dried dates.
Beef Wellington, Sweet/Sour Pork, Oven-baked Fries
Seafood Risotto with lobster stock
Aloo gobi, anda curry, aloo paratha
French Toast 🍞
Apple-Crumble Pancakes!
Cacio e Pepe
Tartiflette
Beef Wellington with peppercorn cream sauce, mashed potatoes, and green beans
Spaghetti with meatballs
Roast Potatoes
Sunday brunch frittata
Buffalo Fried Chicken Sandwich
Grilled PB&amp;J with Bacon
Choco Banana Bread
smoked garlic butter and Parmesan wings
reeses pb chocolate cake cheesecake
stuffed figs that I did for a tasting dinner for friends
Throwback to the 46 pound home-raised turkey  for Thanksgiving 2019
lemon cookies
chilli oil made with peanut oil and beef tallow
this in the morning, feels good
This is so peaceful
Black &amp; Bleu burger on toasted brioche with sautéed onions
Chicken Alfredo with veges
Breakfast Sandwiches!
Cruz Cookies, Courtesy of My Local Baker
crispy roasted potatoes
Inari Sushi
Three bean stew.
Pasta alla bolognese
TacoBell Mexican Pizza
Fattet Hummus
Nutella stuffed french toast
Asparagus with poched eggs, roasted tomatoes, capers and parmesan cheese
Sri Lankan rice and curries: black pepper pork, deep fried eggplant, coconut sambol and a (sort of) tomato salsa
Smash Burger.
No-bake strawberry cheesecake
Sexy plain doughnut
Another Lasagna post. Wagyu meatballs, ricotta, and Buffalo mozzarella.
Korean sweet and spicy chicken
fish fry
the most horrible candy I've ever tried
Indonesian Vegetable Curry a.k.a Lodeh
Savory and Sweet waffles
Hamburger with mushrooms and radish sprouts
Mom always told me to reheat leftovers in the pot rather than the microwave. Crust wasn't very crispy.
Smoked lamb, dolmas, hummus and Tzatziki wrap
General Tso Chicken with shrimp fried rice
Vegan Indo-chinese Hakka Noodles and chilli tofu
grilled cheese with tomato soup
Korean Pork Belly Bowl
Gazpacho and toast
Soft-Baked Dark Chocolate Chunk Cookies
Deboned And Stuffed Chicken Leg Quarter, Mashed Potatoes served with Chimichurri
pumpkin oatmeal
Hotpot with bokchoy, enoki mushrooms, tofu, fish ball with fish roe inside, beef and pork slices.
Pork Ribs Sinigang (Ilocano Style)
In-N-Out Burger 4x4 Animal Style
Surf &amp; Turf -- Reverse-Sear Filet w/ Calamari on Coarse Grits
chocolate cupcakes
hot and sour fish noodle soup topped with freshly fried peanuts
Lobster Shepherds Pie
Artichoke Pizza
Shoyu Poke
Live Updates: GOP Senate can't take up Trump impeachment until day before Biden inauguration at earliest - CNBC
Lemon Garlic Scallops with Mango Sauce
French classic omelette with cheese filling, and undertones of garlic and onion. What do y’all think..?
Mixed Donuts
10-Minute Shrimp Pad Thai
German veal ragout - 'Eingemachtes Kalbfleisch'
Quiche, courtesy of me dropping a carton of fresh eggs
My father's Empandas Argentinas
penne alla vodka (including pasta)
Margherita Pizza w/ handmade dough!
Confit Eggs. Irish Breakfast Black Tea. Tiptree Gooseberry Preserves. Overnight Salt and Vinegar Chips. Toasted Crumpets with Slabs of Cultured Butter.
Croatian Breskvice
Pozole
https://ift.tt/35TYmZs
Local honey roasted almonds w sea salt and Belgium chips
clams
SPICY MASALA CHICKEN WINGS
Steak!
Korean BBQ
Brisket burnt ends
Braised Pork Belly with Banchan
ZUCCHINI TACOS
Creme Brulè
Szechuan chicken with egg fried rice.
NY strip tacos
Salad Food Dish Plate Meal
Roast beef and Cajun turkey sandwich
Chocolate Chip and Mint Chocolate Chip Cookies, and Mint Brownies for Christmas
Shepard’s Pie -
Italian Steak &amp; Eggs Skillet
Smoked Ojo de Bife Bacon Weave Burger with Homemade Potato Chips
Brownie Bottom Cheesecake with chocolate ganache topping
Corn nuts Cancha Delicious  how to roast or Bake
The most disgusting thing ever seen, avoid at all costs. #Eww #WTF  Tag that does not apply: (green thing below)
honey garlic glazed salmon with a stuffed green pepper and broccoli
kimchi jjigae and grilled beef ribs
Green tea mousse, peanut ganache, black sesame sponge cake and milk sherbet
Filipino Chicken Adobo with Rice
Bibimbap with bulgogi skirt steak, asparagus, pickled carrot, and a fried egg
Apple almond tart
Grilled cheese on fresh-baked sourdough with sharp cheddar, provolone, and jalapeño slices
Salami Sandwich.
fish tacos and Spanish rice
Carne asada tacos to finish the weekend.
Chocolate Almond Moist Cake|Chocolate Bisket Cake|चॉकलेट बदाम केक रेसिपी|रोई जैसा सॉफ्ट और स्पंजी
Ravioli filled with porcini mushrooms and tossed in truffel butter
Manicotti
lamb birria tacos with pasilla salsa.
yummy poutine
Spicy Italian Sausage Egg and Cheese McGriddle
Prime Rib with herb potatoes and broccoli.
tuna kimbap (참치김밥)
Pumpkin mantu at a fantastic Afghan restaurant!
French Canadian Tourtiere (meat pie).
Sunflower cake ! 🌻🌻🌻 Proud of this one
Smash Burgers
Milk buns. Ran out of bread so threw these together for sandwiches today
Margherita Pizza For Tonight
garlic naan 🫓
Kiwi Pizza
Pulled Pork and Cheddar Sandwich with pickles
Mushroom Risotto with fresh spring onion and crispy onion garnish
Steak, olive oil and spice roasted broccoli, and spicy garlic shells
Bratwurst caramelized onions and garlic aoli.
Goan Recheado Pomfret Fish Fry
Crispy Skin Salmon
Giant Chocolate chip cookie I ever made
Italian Chicken Naans
Momos and Noodles
Chocolate Crinkle cookies
Scrambled Eggs with a homemade Croissant
French crepes with walnuts and gorgonzola
Valentine's Day Pizza!
beef bourguignon over mashed potatoes
Chicken tenders with dipping sauces
Philly cheesesteaks with au jus
Kottu Sri Lanka
Spring rolls with vermicelli
this clam and corn chowder.
Black Bean Burger fully loaded on Sourdough and hand cut Fries.
Roasted pork belly, eggs, and low carb tortillas.
a Filipino Christmas dinner. Pancit, fried pork belly, lumpia.
Buffalo Chicken tacos with lettuce, blue cheese crumbles and blue cheese dressing.
perogi-saurus's!
Southwest Bacon
Lamb Rogan Josh
Sausage, sauerkraut with cracklings, grated potatoes. Traditional slovenian recipe.
Buffalo Chicken Pizza
mushroom ravioli and roasted pork hock in burnt butter sage sauce.
Chimichangas
(Pigs in a Blanket) Wouldn't you say the tortilla wrap looks more like a blanket?
Pizza and Wings
Ribs with smash 💥 potatoes 🥔🤩🤩
chocolate, beach-themed wedding cake!
Venison Tartare with Quail Egg
Prime Rib Pastrami. Cured for 6 days, rubbed with black pepper, coriander, garlic &amp; onion powder and smoked over Oak &amp; Pecan for a little over 8 hours. Made Reuben Sandwiches w/ Baby Swiss, homemade spicy Russian Dressing &amp; Sauerkraut on Sourdough. Worth every minute.
Apple Pie!
Leftover stir fry. Sweet and spicy italian sausages, rice onion.
Lettuce chicken chop suey!
Pork tacos with sofrito and salsa
Pasta with Preserved Lemon Dijon Sauce, Roasted Cauliflower and Garlic
7 hour Shoyu Ramen
Goan Prawn Ambotik
Chorizo Nachos
Crunch wrap
bacon wrapped Buffalo chicken breasts with pepper jack cheese
berkshire pork chop with shallot dijon pan sauce, parmesan cauliflower puree, bacon succotash, duck fat roasted baby potatoes
Garbage plate potato skins!! Native to Rochester, NY this dish combines mac salad and cheeseburgers, nestled in crispy potato skins and drenched in meat hot sauce.  these topped with ketchup, mustard and raw onions for a flavor burst!
food out of the trash and reviewed it. Folllow @found_foodage_reviews on instagram or @found_foodage on twitter
BOMBANANA Is The Best Hot Sauce for Burgers
Strawberry shortcake cream stuffed cones
Asian bakery style sausage buns!
Florida Kosher Chef Competes in Food Network’s Candy Land
My riff on huevos rancheros with chorizo, corn tortillas, eggs from my hens, homemade roasted tomatillo and serrano salsa, pickled onions, and a little cotija cheese.
Clam Chowder in a Bread Bowl
Mozzarella and Gouda Omelette with Sausages
lemon vanilla cream topped with mashed strawberries
Tuscan seasoned roast pork and crackling
Igado
Piave cheese, polenta and fresh Finferli mushroom
Chicken and dumplings 👍🏼
Pita brrad with vegetables inside
20 hour smoked pork butt!
Egg, cheddar cheese and biscuit sandwich...eat your heart out McDonalds!
arancini balls with a tomato, garlic and ginger sauce
Red Velvet Cupcakes for the COVID patients at the Local Nursing Homes
I made a pretzel bun, apple wood cheddar mushroom and carmalized onion sauce. Garlic and crushed black pepper aioli, bison and lamb burger mixed with fresh oregano, and plethora of seasoning (salt, pepper, basil, sage, rosemary) then thick ass apple wood pork belly bacon!!!!!!!¿
Dry aged prime rib. Every bite melted in the mouth.
Sweet Corn Risotto, with Lamb Sirloin.
Pork Shank/Green Beans Meal kit from Girl and the Goat
Fridge Pickled Spicy Carrots
filet mignon that I cooked for my family last night in the sous vide
Kielbasa &amp; Sauerkraut Pierogi
Lobster and Cole Slaw
Nacho Burger
a beef Wellington
Salt &amp; Vinegar Kettle Chips
Candied Yams, Baked Mac N Cheese, Collard Greens
Graham muffins
New Year’s special - 6 braided challah
Dinner last night. Hot pot, Chinese celery and pressed tofu, cucumbers in garlic.
Cheeseboard! Details in comments
pizza
Venezuelan Arepas - Carne Mechada and Reina Pepiada
what i had in the fridge/freezer breaky
Eggs fried in cumin seed butter over couscous and salad
Cannoli with almond and orange zest filling, topped with chocolate and pistachio
Fish Tacos
Cheesy biscuits in a homemade biscuit cozy.
Tofu spicy ramen
Aglio e olio
Sausage rolls with apple and pork filling, excuse the monster one in the middle haha
spicy beef and tofu dry pot
Mayo, Tomato, Avocado on Toast with a little Ham
French-Omelette-alike, Avocado and Balsamic Brunch Sandwich
Kimchi fried rice with cheese and egg
this beautiful platter full of cheese and meat
Roasted saffron pumpkin and mushroom risotto
Penne Alla Vodka
Fried egg, capocollo, American cheese, sriracha mayo on a toasted English muffin
i made  Reuben with homemade sourdough and Montreal smoked beef
Caramel Apple Bars
Hyd police return 200 lost cellphones to rightful owners - Newsd.in
I cooked dinner according to a USSR cookbook
Hot Pot
Scottish sirloin &amp; beef sausage stew
3 Chocolate Mousse Cake
This pizza just got here and my hbo max is locked n loaded rn. Happy Valentine’s Day!
Gingerbread Emoji
Made Ratatouille for my Partner
a tray of tacos
these delicious clams and corn chowder.
another breakfast sandwich
Tomato sauce pasta with ground beef, mushrooms, burrata cheese, and basil! Plus killer garlic rolls from local restaurant. :)
Prime Rib roast
Smoked Pork Belly Chunks
Cake, Muffins and Patties for Tea
buffalo garlic wings
Corn Bread game gone to the next level
Shrimp and smoked oyster Po Boy.
Graham Cracker Challah French Toast with Apple Topping
Pui cu taietei de orez,Stir Fry Chicken ""
Pizza, horrible lighting here because this was done at midnight
After a stressful day at work, baking is my escape. I present to you, Reddit: Spooky Cookys.
bacon egg and cheese with salt pepper ketchup
Thai Onion spring soup and Salmon sushi
When a food review starts with this.... Eating a gin and tonic and mint After Eight is like being kidnapped by an inept, middle-class militia who have forgotten to buy San Pellegrino and so water board you with flat tonic... it’s either going to work or it’s not. This review wins.
Nathan 'Doggface' Apodaca Selling Viral Longboarding Video as NFT - Complex
Lemon pepper Salmon burger w/ boiled eggs and mixed vegetables. Also, hot tea :)
Caramelised Onion &amp; Goats Cheese Parcel with Creamed Spinach and Roast Sweet Potatoes
Meaty Ribs
Fried jalapenos stuffed with chicken and cheese.
homemade scrambled eggs with link sausage &amp; hash browns made with onion and bacon 🥓. Saturday morning breakfast made by my son; last night he hit a deer with my car. 😖😩
Knoephla soup with some fresh ciabatta (don’t mind the presentation, it is AMAZING)
Richmond food truck owner calls Trump rally post 'mistake' - wtvr.com
What’s the strangest dish you’ve cooked?
Double Chocolate Chip Cookies
Peanutbutter Jelly Macarons
Steak and roasted veggies
Honey Vanilla Fruit Salad
Lunar New Year cake pops!
no bake Oreo cheesecake
Strawberry and Hershey chocolate toast
Double-stuffed Oreos x Cheese.
Spicy chicken-caprese flatbread pizza
Tagliatelle with olive oil and fresh tomatoes
apple tart
Okra stir-fried in spicy chilli shrimp paste
Garlic and onion broth based ramen veggie soup.
Bacon and "buck-board" bacon
Sirloin steak and mushrooms in a garlic port wine sauce
A smoked meat sandwich and poutine in a Quebec truck stop
Almond buttercream cake with chocolate ganache and oatmeal butter wafers
Mediterranean Spice Chicken
Sausage, mushroom &amp; onion with fresh basil post-bake (semi-homemade - Publix dough)
Chocolate Bars - Trix and Peanut Butter &amp; Jelly
Creamy Chicken Marsala.
Chorizo Breakfast Tacos
Beef stew and rice and parsley
Tasty mutton curry recipe ""
Pork stuffed with cheesy garlic spinach
Tandoori Chicken - Basmati Rice - Raita - Coriander Chutney
s’mores cookies
Made these delicious home made sandwiches today, what do you think?
Korean BBQ marinated chicken thighs and rice
braised beef cheek, red wine jus, spiral potato fondant, confit shallot and parsnip.
Hot Dogs with Pretzel Buns
avocado on toast with poached eggs
Hickory Smoked Wagyu Short Rib
Miso Flounder with Cucumber Noodle Salad and Ginger Collards.
Mexican Street Tacos
Gluten Free Peanut Butter Choc. Chip cookies
Strawberry cake with chocolate frosting, cookie crumb and honeycomb rocks
Seasoned Lamb Chops, roasted peppers and Beetroot Salad
Teriyaki Chicken, Japanese Inspired Green Beans, and Rice
Double Cheeseburger
Deep Fried Turkey Breast
Lamb gyros
Breaded pork tenderloin stuffed with spinach, prosciutto, and mozzarella
Trashcan Taco (actual name)
Churro Cheesecake Bars - as promoted by u/fzziee
cheese and crackers
Gooey Gluten Free Vegan Brownies | Easy Baking Recipe
Prime rib and roast veggies, I made the garlic herb butter as well.
Stroopwafelcake with pear
fluffy chocolate chip cookies
Chicken filled mushrooms.
Double-Smoked Ham with Apple Jelly Glaze!
Skirt Steak and Shrimp Sandwich
Pork Benny with Apple Crumbs
Magnolia Table Mac and Cheese
Holyoke Police Officer Rafael Roca suspended after posting viral video alleging corruption at the department - MassLive.com
Bought a packaged breakfast burrito for my break at work, was greeted with a folded tortilla. Should’ve gone
CALIFORNIA Burrito crispy carne asada and tortilla added pico 😋 extra red salsa on side.
Linguine with white clam sauce
Finally something great came by after failing for more than 60 times. A great way to end this year!
uttapam which is a south Indian dish at a restaurant named Sagar Ratna in Ludhiana
Bacon egg and cheese sammie on homemade bread
Taco Bell spicy potato soft tacos
Chicken and Chestnuts with Edamame and Ham
buttermilk chicken, potato gratin, chickpea haloumi salad, roasted vegetables
Everything bagel feat. Bacon, Egg, Jalapeños, Plastic Cheese, Aoili and Habanero Taco Sauce
French toast with banana and whipped cream
Animal style vegetarian burger and fries.
Halloween Tea Brunch
Korean fried chicken burger, sweet chili sauce, kewpie mayo, asian slaw and a toasted brioche bun
fresh bitterballen!
Surf and Turf w/ Bloody Mary Linguine
Best Macdonald breakfast: Skip the Hotcakes, take the McMuffins!
Deviled Eggs and Caviar
Wild duck roasted whole with beans, corn, potatoes, duck fat and mushroom gravy.
Braided Bacon Cheese Pretzel Buns
Meat and cheese board
Tuna &amp; salmon aburi bowl
Christmas breakfast.
Steak Ribeye.
Korean SPAM Kimbap
Rosemary &amp; lemon chicken drums and wings, roasted haricot vert and chanterelle mushrooms, and pan sauce
Burger &amp; Wings
Steak, French Fries, Egg
Little Neck Clam Linguine
Should  food be vacuum packed?
steak and lamb plus lasagna
Short Ribs and polenta
TURKEY
Roasted Chicken and Veggies
A yummy breakfast
Nacho Bowl
Turkish Coffee
Red Velvet Cookies!
A bite of deliciousness
Rosemary buscuits and gravy
salmon burger
Poached Egg &amp; Avo on Fresh Baked Sourdough
Saffron, Pistachio, and Rosewater Ice Cream
Chocolate-stuffed and cheese-stuffed croissants
Apple, blackberry, honey, and white wine pie
Cheese Sambusak
Traditional Indian Vegetarian Thali
Hotdogs with melted Swiss, sauerkraut, hot relish, onions and spicy brown mustard with seasoned fries and ketchup
Remove one item from the table
Moroccan spiced roasted veggies with Harissa Tofu
Breakfast Combo! Little bit of everything.
Japanese lunch OBENTO
Breakfast steak and chips with egg in a hole
fried chicken, chicken sandwich, mashed potatoes, rice, macaroni salad
My beautiful Ponyo inspired noodles!
Amish Friendship Bread
Fetuccini with tomato sauce and scallions
I made Mac n Cheese pizza because I was craving it but I don’t have a Cici’s near me anymore. Gotta admit, I was worried about the crust not coming out the way I wanted it, but in the end it was absolutely perfect.
Crab cakes topped with crumbled bacon and a drizzle of garlic butter
Vietnamese Char Siu Noodle Soup
Omelets
pretty buttercream cupcakes
https://ift.tt/3thhNFY
reversed seared ribeye w/ caramelized onions. More med. well than med. rare like I was aiming for, but still delicious!
Prime rib, mini yorkshire pudding and asparagus.
Hand shredder chuck roast!
Pineapple cake with a non-dairy whipped cream frosting
Breakfast smashburger
(Homemade) Pink frosted donuts w/ sprinkles
Fried cauliflower with buffalo sauce
Chicken Thigh and Green Chili Enchiladas.
leftover roast lamb sliders with ham, mustard and burger sauce
15 Foods And Drinks Invented By Mistake
Chicken Malai Tikka (on the LotusGrill)
Beef Wellington
Crispy chicken burger with jalapeños, franks sauce and blue cheese mayo
"Homemade| Nguyễn Viên TV
Pain au chocolat
Breakfast of champions.
Fish &amp; Chips with Mushy Peas
buttermilk crispy chicken sandwich
Saffron and Pomegranate Braised Leg of Lamb, Roasted Carrots, Cous Cous and a Pistachio-Olive Tapenade
Made hotpot today for this gloomy CA weather!
Malted brownies with walnuts.
Beef tartare
Cheese Hot Dog with Fries
brussel sprouts are great when you cook them the right way.
classic lasagna
,THÁCH bạn dám ăn món KHOAI NƯỚNG từ quả cầu MA THUẬT - Thánh Nấu Ăn ASMR...
bread in da le creuset
brioche creme brûlée doughnuts
Smoked Pork Butt Breakfast Hash
N440K Covid variant spreading more in southern states, CCMB study shows - ThePrint
Fried fish sandwich
Pork Tonkotsu Ramen
Creamy Mexican green spaghetti
kaisen don (tuna, uni, ikura)
Bacon, brie, pickled red onion burger on a pretzel roll
I made it ! Calorie free
Chinese Style MEAT SQUASH
Poutine
21 mins to make with 4 packs of cheese and crackers if this post gets 5k likes i will make one with 8 packs
Pancake, Greek yogurt and Mixed fruit
Grilled Cheese, Fried Ham, Scrambled Eggs, Fried Kimchi and Fruit Salad
Shakshouka!
ribeye, red potatoes, mushrooms and onion
buttermilk Belgian waffle with cranberry compote and coconut cream
Prime New York Steak
Chocolate Crinkle, Peanut Butter Blossoms, Chocolate Chip Cookies
Chocolate Chunk Banana Loaf with Walnuts. So satisfying when the loaf comes out of the pan without any trouble🍞🍫🍌
Stuffed Turkey Leg (preoven )
Christmas Cakes
Flan Cake
Freshly caught snapper anyone? I’m new to Reddit but someone said to post to this here!
Spicy Chicken with Brown Rice Pilaf
Cannellini bean Fennel Soup with rosemary salt cured Guancile. Finished with chives, EVOO, Maldon salt, and fresh cracked pepper.
tips to help you level up your homemade pasta recipes. spicy prawn linguini &amp; kale pesto chicken linguini
My favorite burger and fries
I made a  Crunchy pizza
“” Chicken Tenders and an Old Fashioned
Chicken Pie | Chicken Pie Recipe |How to Make Chicken Pie | The Feel For...
slow cooker beer back ribs finished in the oven
Chocolate lava cake
chocolate walnut brownie
Fried Rice with smoked Tofu
glazed donuts
all the empanadas and tarts.
Sichuan "fish-fragrant" fried chicken
Cheese Encheladas
Spicy Mac &amp; Cheese with marinated chicken breast, crispy bacon and Parmesan.

Tteokbokki - Spicy Korean rice cakes
Gingerbread!
Bread pudding.
Chocolate cake, pastry cream filling, Swiss buttercream, whipped ganache
Turtle Cheesecake
Lemon Yogurt Loaf
Ramen with Chashu Pork and Marinaded eggs
IPL 2021 Auction: Chris Morris Becomes Most Expensive Buy In IPL History, Goes To Rajasthan Royals F.. - NDTV Sports
Chocolate cake that looks like a tree stump &amp; mushrooms
smoked holiday ham
Perfectly cooked over easy eggs
Wok and salad
Turkey, egg and cheese breakfast burrito loaded with crispy tots, avocado, pico mix and topped with smokey red zahtar
Chicken Parmigiana.
fish and chips
Jalapeño Poppers
I drew the magical duck
Beer batter chicken and mac n cheese
Armenian Baklava
Fried octopus
Anchovy and black olive pizza, inspired by watching futurama
Polpette al sugo (Italian meatballs)
lobster Mac and cheese with samphire and homemade pasta
Flaky Buttermilk Biscuits
Cách làm Ếch chiên nước mắm món ngon tốn rượu
Baked Crispy Wings
Fluffernutter: a cake made of banana bread and chocolate mousse
Slow cooker ribs!
Potato, bacon and cheddar soup.
Chaliapin Steak Rice Bowl
Brie fondant with sliced almonds and pecans, served with oven roasted bread
Chicken tamales, salsa, salsa verde, and guacamole
Mask protests continue as coronavirus cases surge with one leading a California Trader Joe's to close early - USA TODAY
Hummus Kawarma (Chicken) with Pomegranate Molasses and Lemon Sauce, Whole Wheat Pita
Christmas dinner. I am by myself this Christmas (thanks covid), so I decided to be an adult and make a full Christmas dinner. I’ve never roasted a turkey before!
Restaurant quality Afghan chicken (easy recipe)
Butter garlic chicken with some chillis
- Chocolate Covered Strawberries
Fresh elk heart and jalapeños. Joe Rogan approved!
Rib-eye and fries
Baked mac and cheese with jalapeños 🌶🧀
Salted Caramel Apples
Cast Iron Griddle Omelets (new griddle = new obsession)
Sachertorte
Dragon Roti
Garam masala turkey burgers with egg on toasted pretzel buns.
Einkorn wholewheat enriched white sourdough
Salmon, tuna and albacore sashimi!
fish tacos oc

Pulled Pork with Yellow Rice and Sweet Plantains.
Potato, onion, and cheese pierogi with sauerkraut and brats.
Char Siu pork
Chilli with beans
Only two of us this year, so we went small
Monkey Bread and Breakfast for Dinner.
Purple Carrot Cake
crispy tuna rolls
Burrito with avocados, sour cream, beans, miced meat and tomatoes. Also the tortilla is homade to. It was delicious 😋.
Shrimp pad thai
Gluten-Free Vegan Orange Cookies
Ribeye Roast and yorkshire pudding
Fries(Chips).
Chicken Tikka Masala, Chickpea bowl
Cardamom Vanilla Butter Cookies
Grilled Boneless Asian Chicken Thighs with kewpie Mayo, sriracha, cilantro, on a sesame bun.
Beef Stew &amp; Biscuits
Crunchwrap.
Welsh Lamb Cawl accompanied with obligatory warm bread and cheese. Perfect for a winter evening.
Pumpkin pies by my 11 year old
Bailey's Irish Cream cheesecake with Guinness infused chocolate whipped cream
crab and corn souffle
Low fat,  thousand layers matcha cake 🍽
Pizza with Pepperoni, Zucchini and peperoni lombardi
Chinese delivery
Ghost pepper and truffle deepfried squid salad with butternut squash, roasted corn, assorted seeds, dried cranberrys, fresh oyster mushrooms, gala apple and watermelon radish tossed with a cabernet merlot balsamic dressing.
Slow Fermented Sourdough Crackers With Sourdough Dip
steak and steamed crab
Birthday treat
Salmon udon nabe. With diakon, napa cabbage, carrots, rapini, enoki mushrooms, and green onions. In a tsuyu soup base.
Shoyu Chicken Ramen
The Cherimoya
Cheeseburgers and Sweet Potato Fries
Crispiest Oven Fries
pancake and bacon
Apple and blueberry Jack-o-Lantern pies.
beef tataki, salmon, and sashimi
Pani Puri aka Gol Guppa
Porchetta for Roli Roti inspired sandwiches
Grouper Panang Curry
Play on Cottage pie. Minced beef with a fried potato plank (mashed potatoes &amp; cheddar cheese lightly fried in butter).
German Potato Dumplings
Cream Cheese Salami and Jalapeno Pinwheels
Confit Duck Sandwich, Potato Roll, Mayo, Burgundy Mustard, Sorrel, Swiss.
40 Day Dry Aged Ribeye Steaks
Poundcake
Prawns Linguine Alfredo Recipe
Vegan banana cream pie
Spicy soup with alaska pollock and rice noodles
Afternoon Meal / Early Dinner! Togo Greek Veggie Dish with coconut water and a sparkling drink
Tomahawk steak, baked beans and garlic bread
Bear Stew
Chocolate Doughnuts
Walnut Cinnamon Raisin Bread
Raspberry Cheesecake, topped with a raspberry coulis and fresh raspberries.
Chicken and rice casserole
15-Second Creamy Scrambled Eggs
Rigatoni with Sunday Meat Sauce
Chocolate chip zucchini bread
Chipotle-turkey &amp; provalone wrap w/ a homemade cajun aioli and some spicy, pitted snacking olives
pita, hummus, and mediterranean salad
Plum Pie
Poke
Pork chop with butternut squash puree and apple walnut salad
Anyone know how to make the pastry of this dessert? Its real hard, kinda like multilayer pastry and also similar to Portuguese pie
Spicy Fried Chicken Skin
Mushroom/Chicken stew &amp; Chilly-Butter fried polenta
I made  Pho’
“Bull in the Pan” - Ribeye steak, garlic herb potatoes, caramelized onions, shredded mozzarella
Sausage, egg, and cheese biscuits!
French Toast Sandwich with Cheese in the Middle
- Shoyu Ramen with Chashu Pork
7 layer dip
CRAZY Cactus Salad #Shorts
steak fajitas with fresh flour tortillas and queso flameado
Turkey Meatballs with peas &amp; peppers in vodka sauce
Sandwich with chips
Bagel Sandwiches
Rosemary and Cranberry Chicken Thighs
Beef Short Rib Stew?
Egg noodles with Alfredo sauce and chicken. Side of dog nose
Huckleberry salmon on a bed of brown rice with plums on the side
Cherry Vareniki ft vanilla bean ice cream and Cointreau cherry sauce
Squid Ink Pasta, Pan Seared Salmon, Shellfish Cream.
Shrimp fajitas
Cauliflower Masala recipe
lazy picadillo
Jalapeno poppers for tomorrow!
pan fried squid done easy!
Kofte and Naan
lotus biscoff cookie butter cake
Straccoto, Rissoto Milanese and sourdough bread.
Extra cinnamon and sugar rolls with chocolate coffee
al olio e peperoncino
tuna katsu !
what’s with all the pies?
cream puff my mom made
Paprikash for the Wandavision finale.
Homemade sourdough croutons to snack on while the remnants of Zeta start to pass through the area.
stromboli
steak fajitas turned out pretty good
Duck and potatoes
Buffalo Wings two ways: Dry rub and Sauce
Pizza with pesto base, mozzarella, zucchini chips, speck and fresh tomato
Quiche -- Wild Chantrelle Mushrooms, Aged Swiss, Sauteed Onions and Red Peppers, Sun-Dried Tomatoes, Savory, and Thyme
cheeeeeeeeese
Almond cookies
Grilled ham and cheese wrap
Cookies and Cream Chocolate Painting
Cast Iron Grilled Pizza
Brownies 😍😍
Fish and chips
Deli Style Supreme Pizza
Only vegetable salad with beautiful pink radish, lettuce, corn, cucumber, lemon juice and dib roman. You can add crouton or meat to your liking!
Milkybar Cheesecake
cheesy bread
Bourbon Glazed Guinness slow cooked Corned Beef w/ garlic mash reds and dressed roasted Cabbage and Onions
Breakfast Sandwhich on Homemade New York Style Bagel
Loaded Fries
wholemeal fusi istriani
Japanese curry and Nan
Puffy Tacos
Fresh Cape Cod Oysters
12 hour apple wood smoked bone-in pork shoulder for pulled pork.
Blueberry glazed cheesecake
Stovetop pizza: creme fraiche, caramelised onion, prawn and broccoli. Sprinkled with lemon zest and chilli flakes.
Fried Tofu with Maple-Soy Glaze and Hibachi-style Fried Rice
Cioppino
oven mac and cheese
Crispy Bar Pizza - Tomato Sauce, Mozzarella, Prosciutto, Basil, Parmigiano-Reggiano
Burgers and Korean Food Platter
Les Patês. Best for (if it exists) /gardemanger
a burger smothered in vodka sauce and fried penne vodka bites
Boiled Chestnuts 🌰
Pastichio (Greek Lasagna)
Early Grey tea ice cream
steak fajitas
Chicken thigh with smashed fingerling potatoes, mushrooms and peas, and a chicken sauce.
Lemon Bars - Keto Style 🔥
Cheeseburger on regular bread and gravy fried noodles
Blue Fin Tuna Tostada with Habanero sauce
cheese stuffed meatballs with tomato sauce and pasta
No-bake Oreo Mini Cheesecakes!
steak mash roasted tomatoes &amp; pepper corn sauce
Great Vegan Chef at B-Park in OCT Park Shenzhen
Eggs over easy, a couple sausage patties and home fries
Brats (Berkshire Pork) &amp; Sauerkraut with Baked New Potato, Cannabis Infused Thyme Butter
Pistachio and Cranberry muffins
McDonald's Burger 🍔
Fried Cauliflower
Chocolate spread/strawberry jam sandwich
Gingerbread cookie cake
steak and mash
Strawberry &amp; banana sandwich
Seared scallops over wilted spinach and Parmesan risotto.
Pastrami Brisket, Chile Relleno Sausage, &amp; Carrot Souffle @Tejas Chocolate + Barbecue in Tomball, TX
Gooey Buttercake w/ Cream Cheese, Pecan Praline, Banana, Salted Caramel
chorizo chilaquiles and guava mimosas
Spicy Louisiana Style Chicken Parmesan
Fast, light and delicious! Penne with tomato sauce and dollop ricotta with fresh basil 👍
Oaxaca Cheese &amp; Poblano Pepper Tacos with fresh Salsa
Vietnamese Bun Bo Hue
Dill Crusted Salmon, Quinoa Salad, Eggs with fresh Chives. Perfect breakfast.
Linguine Carbonara
cheese cake with cherry syrup
German Rouladen
garlic eggplant &amp; snowpeas
Big Mac Inspired burger
Apple and cinnamon scones
Bolognese-style pork cutlets with garlic lemon butter drizzle, cavatappi with spinach and ricotta

cinnamon rolls with pecan and orange zest filling
Airfried lumpia
Vegetarian tacos with plant based sausage and mushrooms
Shakshuka, hashbrowns and croissants
Bacon egg bake? Idk what to call this.
SAMS TQLMA Global plan to provide Climate Smart Food to ALL
Pecan crusted catfish, green bean almondine, and sliced baked potato.
Overnight Bananas Foster French Toast
Instant Pot BBQ Chicken Sandwich
Current monoclonal antibodies less potent against SARS-CoV-2 variants - News-Medical.Net
Mel i mató
Cream Puffs with vanilla pastry cream and chocolate ganache.
My  pizza!!!
Dùng PHẤN BẢNG Làm Bánh Sinh Nhật 7 Sắc Cầu Vồng Siêu Đẹp🎂🌈Thánh Nấu Ăn ...
Hokkaido-Lentil-Curry with Rice
Venison, garlic mushrooms some greens and peri peri fries.
duck confit, duck fat roasted vegetables, orange and Shiraz jus
Phở bò (Beef Noodle Soup)
toasted sourdough, a layer of sauce and bacon, smoked dark meat chicken, Jack cheese and a dash of elote seasoning. A spicy cucumber to help out.
Peanut butter chocolate chip cookies
Pork Juicy Lucy
German pancake
Breakfast of champions
Worm infestation brownie cupcakes with oreo chunks and sour gummy worms.
my closest attempt at Carne Asada Street Tacos I have ever made! How do you guys make yours?!
the best worst cooking show ever
Old Monk Rum and Bournvita Pecan Pie
Teriyaki Chicken Donburi
Deep Fried Mars Bar
Littleneck Clams steamed with white wine, butter, herbs and smoked olive oil
From leftover chili to birria tacos.
breaded chicken cutlets over pasta
Grilled sandwich &amp; fairy buns
Chorizo and green chile mac and cheese
soy sauce ramen
Pesto &amp; Garlic Pizza
White Chocolate Cheesecake w/ A Side of Chocolate Lab
Catfish and okra seafood gumbo
Menudo and Tacos de Lengua
chicken, chorizo and toasted almond peppers filled with lime and parsley cous cous. I don't normally cook let me know what you think
refried black beans
Rumpsteak with mushroom sauce and sauted green-beans
Pan fried in a skillet...top sirloin, mushrooms and yellow pepper.
Chicken pot pie soup with homemade pie crust crackers.
"",Truffle recipe Date balls
white pizza... 🍕❤️
Chicken &amp; Waffles
Freshly baked cinnamon buns with coconut cream cheese icing.
Coconut curry chicken with rice and peppers
Italian sausage, kale and onions with a soft boiled egg and homemade bread
Lobster roll
This was a mouthgasm
Tarte tatin (apple pie)
Jamaican jerk mahi mahi on a bed of coconut rice with a fresh mango salsa
मूंगफली और काजू की कतली
Special Indian Curry Pakora
Chicken with broccoli with Chicken Lo Mein
Loaded nachos as a late night snack
Linguine al Nero di Seppia
I thought you would appreciate this lol
Turkey shiitake sloppy joe on a fresh baked super thin bun and baked mushroom seasoned wedges with Carolina reaper ketchup.
Instant ramen with veggies and chicken tenders
Prawn Pad Thai
Nashville hot chicken pizza
Cracked Pepper and Cheddar Bread
. Not the prettiest plating, but my lord it was amazing. Garlic lobster tail, sweet chili pan seared shrimp, fresh pene with vodka sauce, roasted rainbow carrots and broccolini with balsamic glaze, and garlic bread. (And a gin botanical cocktail)
Noodle soup with fishballs, pork and 3 type chillies
Salmon Nigiri
Chicken Tacos! Yummy
Apple Ciambellone Cake
English Muffins
just made a calzone and I think I’m in love
Chicken &amp; Pillowy Dumplings
kimchi
Lentil Bread
Braised Short Rib + Brown Butter Polenta + Sous Vide/Glazed Carrots
cast iron hangar steak
I recently heard that KFC Potato Wedges are gone. Forget you Colonel Sanders, I'll do it myself.
BAKALA FROM ARMENIA
BBQ Pork Ramen
Fig Jam and Brie Pizza and Genoa Salami and Chorizo Pizza
Pannukakku
“Baba Ghanoush with Za’atar, Pomegranate, and mint.” Insta - @chefvincenttamborini
toasted Sourdough (from my quarantine starter) with greens, smoked salmon, crumbled goat cheese and poached egg
Reverse seared steak with blanchéd potatoes and Russian sallad
Chicken Pot Pie
Cheesecake Faux Pear
sticky bbq pork roll with onion rings
Fuchka: The Most Popular Street Food in Bangladesh - Famous for Its Spicy, Sour &amp; Crispy Taste. Its a Mixture of Boiled Mashed Potato, Egg, Chickpea, Tamarind etc.
Bao with crispy duck
Ferrero, Kinder Delice, Snickers and Nutella donuts
Just an egg on toast with ham and parmesan.
$30 Lobster Beast  In Mexico
Steak Frites
Margherita Pizza with home-grown basil
Red wine and beef broth braised short ribs
Orange beef filet
Meatballs in Slow Cooked Tomato Sauce
Vietnamese braised fish and brown rice
Bibimbap with Air fried tofu
potato tacos and guacamole.

Vegan Soy Schnitzel with fried potatoes
Cheesy Bolognese Pasta Bake
Oat Flour Crepes l Pinto Beans l Scrambled Egg l Turkey Chorizo l Cheddar l Cilantro l Salsa
mini bagels!
Poached egg on English muffin with sausage
Ciabatta Bread. How would you rate ?
mushroom and parmesan pasta
Quiche with broccoli, bacon, feta and topped with cheddar
strawberry pie
Slow cooked chilli
Hanukkah donuts!
Smoked short ribs about half way done.
Breakfast potatoes with schnitzel, fried egg, and aioli.
Fettuccine!
Strawberry cake.
Citroen C5 Aircross SUV in CarToq’s first drive review - CarToq.com
Vegan vanilla cake with coconut cream and strawberry jam.
Six Braid Challah with Poppy Seeds
Keto Chocolate Cake
bacon wrapped filet mignon, crab legs, baked potato, roasted carrots and Mac n cheese
some fried pork belly in Dominican Republic.
Tuna with Black Sesame and Regular Sesame crusted Salmon
Tips for improving my steamed bao
Apple Crumble (with oatmeal flower and Portuguese grown red apples)
Steak sandwich with kale chimichurri , parmesan tomato salad, and tots
Slow Cooker Honey Garlic Chicken Thighs w/ Wild Rice and Fried Veggies
Cashew crusted baked chicken with rice, green beans, and topped with an apple peanut curry sauce
Double smashburger on a brioche bun
gojuchang and sesame seeds. Lemons and a hint of liquid smoke salmon.
Spaghetti &amp; Eyeballs
Beef Wellington with Bordelaise and Parmesan Asparagus Risotto (not shown, Caesar Salad and Pan Seared Diver Scalops).
durian mousse cake
A Deli Club Sandwich
Seafood Chowder
Pork Tenderloin Ramen
, Cheesy sandwich Awww taste so Good
Happy Bowl of Rice Noodles in Miso Dashi Garlic Ginger broth.
New England boiled cider pie
Oven-baked chicken schnitzel, Israeli couscous, sweet peas
grilled Thai chicken wings
Filet Mignon topped with prawns in a Bearnaise sauce. Side of a stuffed Portobello Mushroom and Steamed Asparagus.
Hawaiian themed birthday cake made by my friend.
How to make Baked Feta Pasta (Tik Tok recipe)
Cajun Shrimp and Grits
green bean casserole, cornbread, and pumpkin pie, with King’s Hawaiian rolls, canned cranberry, roasted garlic mashed potatoes, and smoked turkey breast.
candy shaped pancake
Shrimp and Orzo
Waffles!
Chive Omelette
Char siu pork belly!!!
Pan Fried Salmon, Dirty Rice, Mixed Veggie Bake-thing.
chicken wontons in my cutest bowl
Chocolate tiffin.
"Brave Little Toast" &amp; Eggs
Bean burritos. Easy DIY
Malai kofta, Garlic Kulchas, Kebabs and Strawberry Cheesecake for our small, three-person New Year's Eve dinner!
Steak &amp; Bake Potato w/bulls-eye sauce
Kabobs
Stuffed pineapple with shrimp scallops and crab topped with melted cheese

Prime Rib reverse seared on cast iron and dashed with chimuchurri.
Kimchi Stew
Big Mac
Pot Roast with Carrots and Crispy Roast Potatoes
pretzel bite, more like pretzel butt
Double-dipped buttermilk fried chicken burger with homegrown tomato, lettuce and a chipotle coleslaw on a brioche bun.
Franzbrötchen
Bread Pops, Best Party Dessert Recipe
Yuxiang qiezi (Chinese eggplant with garlic sauce)
truffle omelette, cured salmon, cheese, pickled veg, miso soup, bacon, mushrooms and kale, kabocha squash, scones, seaweed tamago, rice, toast and jam, butternut spread, green salad, cedar baked salmon, and broccoli in miso tahini.
Smoked Baby Back Ribs and Brats
Portal-Cube Cake
My simple meal, a mixed veggies soup, a stir fry and stewed chicken drumsticks
nachos
3 Ingredients Best Cappuccino Coffee Recipe
The hot cocoa of the future
Syrian Traditional Foods
Yorkshire Hot Dog Pizza
pulled hoisin duck burger on duck fat glazed brioche with shredded pakchoi cucumber and tomatoes, topped with pickled carrots and radishes
Baked Rigatoni
Chicken fajitas and guacamole
smoked filet mignon with a blue cheese mushroom sauce and side salad.
Hogwarts Crest Pie!
Double smash burger, bacon, pickled jalapeños, burger sauce, shredded lettuce, cheeseand caramelised onion.
skillet cookie
Ribeye, gratin and mushrooms
Chicken Pasta Casserole
Korean fish cake soup
Linzer cookies🎄⭐
This year's preserves.
Rate my Steak
Omg this looks so delicious already!
Kangaroo Taco 🌮🇦🇺🦘
Video of Bengaluru woman's scuffle with Zomato delivery boy goes viral, Twitter demands full version - India TV News
Pepperoni and jalapeño pizza with my own ranch
Shrimp scampi spaghettini
Egg fettuccini, San Marzano tomato sauce, and a poached egg
Burger time!
Sichuan Seafood Dumplings
Buttered noodles with curry sauce and roasted Chicken Thighs
Karepan, Curry bun
My attempt at charcuterie with some friends. Not bad if I say so myself!
Breakfast at Tiffany’s Chocolates, Bacon and French Toast with Maple Syrup (turns out stencils with cocoa butter are hard but we’ll work on that :P)
Fried Rice for Christmas dinner.
Sous Vide Garlic Shrimp and Fresh Grated Parmesan.
leaning tower of pizza
Bangers and Mash
Brownies with bits of butterscotch chips
A cottage cheese burger
Seared Ahi Tuna Salad
Smashburger with caramelized onions and In-N-Out sauce in a pretzel bun
Penne with vodka sauce
Steak Fried Rice
“” Tacos to go
Ramen Noodles and Grilled Cheese. Dip the grilled cheese in the ramen noodles. Yum
pancakes and I’m so happy with how they came out
vegetarian poke bowl
Pork Tenderloin I made the other day, (sorry for the bad picture quality)
cast iron pepperoni pizza with mushrooms, jalapeños, mozzarella and homemade sauce
Simple  Breakfast desert
Steak and salad.
https://ift.tt/35TYmZs
Cherry wood smoked duck
Leftover Thanksgiving Turkey Pot Pie
Cheeseboard attempt! Details in comments
Big ol’ Ribeyes
Snow crab legs. Caught a sale so got 2 pounds, got a 12-quart stock pot, green beans, red potatoes and all of the Cajun seasoning stuff. Ended up great!
ITS SOUP SEASON !
Generic smash burger
Pan-seared tofu topped with kimchi, spicy garlic sauce &amp; sesame seeds
Lebanese Kafta
Bruschetta, hummus, salad.
Sesame Udon with Snow Peas and Radish. Spicy Peanut dressing.
sous vide lamb with salad &amp; fries!
“thousand” layer cake with red bean filling
Spicy beef noodle with enoki mushrooms and choy
non-binary gingerbread people
Venison pepperoni, will be smoked over Australian Red Gum and Mountain Pepper bark.
Bagels with cream cheese.
a thick Spicy Deluxe from Chick-Fil-A
Mc Chicken, all secrets revelead!! 🍔🍟
Chicken Parm, my way.
Gravy with Bangers &amp; Mash
Smoked tuna. In Halmahera it is called "cakalang fufu"
Raspberry Chocolate Brownie Cookie Cups!
The Great American Food
Smoked &amp; BBQ’d Chicken Thighs and Potatoes
banana bread with a pecan crumble
Cactus Cupcakes
Mac and Cheese with Chicken Wings
Chicken , sweet peppers, and black beans
sourdoughs
Bacon, Mushroom, Spinach, and Cheese Omelette
Neapolitan style peperoni pizza
Quesabirria tacos
Chaud-froid d’Oeuf au Sirop d’Érable
Ribeye steak with black garlic/bonito butter.
Wanna Get The Most Emotional And Wonderful Culinary Feeling
pizza!
How to make perpetual income every month
Falooda Dessert (Milkshake)
Mango Habanero hot sauce, 2nd attempt.
Grilled salmon, preserved lemon and black garlic on a bed of pasta.
Rose cake
Chex mix to go with it.
Salmon and poached eggs with hollandaise sauce. Skillet potatoes and sautéed kale.
Drunken Noodles or Pad Kee Mao
Chicken parmigiana
Vegan Tacos and Margaritas
Cinnamon-Brown Sugar NecroNomicon Challah
moules marinières with garlic bread
grilled octopus and eggplant with wild rice, a quick-pickle cucumber, red pepper and Anaheim chili salad, and Egyptian-style Tahini, homemade almond granita dessert not pictured.
Portobello filled grilled cheese with turnip fries, kimchi and homemade sriracha mayo.
EGG RATE IT BABIES
Turkey Tacos
Risotto al Barolo
Simple HEALTHY spaghetti dish!!
Jalebi - हलवाई वाली जलेबी बनाने की विधि | jalebi| how to make jalebi | easy recipe
Kaesespaetzle
Hamburger with tomato, lettuce, fried egg, Greek yogurt + mustard.
Lemon chicken with broccoli and quinoa
pasta e patate with prosciutto and onions.
Fish pot
Carrot Garelu Recipe in Telugu క్యారెట్ గారెలు స్నాక్ రెసిపీ
Chiffon cake with dairy free buttercream
Chili (without beans obviously) and cornbread.
frittata
rosquillas (Spanish doughnuts)
American Wagyu ribeye dry brined and reverse seared
Waffles with Blueberry Topping and Whipped Cream, side of bacon.
Never anything like grandma's food ❤
Selfmade  Pastrami on the smoker
Sweet potato biscuits with brown sugar cinnamon butter
Short Ribs and hand made spaghetti
SA-W beat IND-W: South Africa wins by 6 runs lead series 2-1, MithalI Raj - InsideSport
Root moves up to third in Test Rankings after Chennai double century - International Cricket Council
hamburger buns
Pumpkin raviolis in a spicy garlic browned butter sauce with Shrimp.
Millennium Turkey
Handmade pasta with turkey-mushroom Stroganof
GF/DF Seafood Chowder
Southwest Chicken Soup
Tanushree Dutta stuns fans with massive transformation in this viral video- Watch - Zee News
Scotch eggs with hollandaise sauce and hot cross buns
Bravetart’s Brown Butter Carrotcake with Cream Cheese Buttercream
Assorted baklava
French toast!
Falafel and Pita
mala (=spicy and numbing) beef
Home grown turkey, deviled eggs from my chickens, green beans from my garden,  bread rolls! Family had a amazing thanksgiving! Hope you did too.
Twinkie Wiener Sandwiches.
How to manifest a "Dream Life"
today i made  salted caramel and used it to top my homemade burnt sugar cake. thoughts?
Kielbasa with red peppers and white rice
Thai Chicken Fried Rice
Pappardelle, rich red wine pasta sauce with chorizo and beef meatballs :)
New Years Birria de res
Italian-style Philly Cheesesteak
Seafood Boil: Snow Crab Legs/ Montauk Scallops/ Shrimp/ Clams/ Kielbasa/ Potatoes/ Corn/ Chardonnay Broth/ Old Bay Butter
Spanish paella with Tunisian lamb merguez
making "" butter, it was delicious...full recipe is in the video 😉
Tonkotsu Ramen with Chashu Pork and Marinated Soft Boiled Egg.
Charcuterie for Raclette
lobster thermidore from the Snoop Dogg cookbook
Eggplant umami miso source
Stuffed crust pizza.
BBQ Cheeseburger with homemade Dill Pickles and Pickled Onions
Haloumi &amp; feta gozleme
Pan de Mallorca
Steak with Rosemary Potatoes and Green Beans
Pizza!!!
smoked fatty final result!
Top Sirloin, Fall Theme.
baked mac &amp; cheese
Red Wine Beef Stew Pie with Cheddar Mashed Potato Top
failed soccer ball chocolate cake
Beef carpaccio with homemade mustard aioli, shaved golden beets, deep fried capers, shaved parmesan, white wine pickled radish, micro greens
pistachio Panettone
skirt steak with chimichurri sauce.
black garlic ramen
Tsoureki
Chicken and portabello mushrooms over rice
Lemon Poppyseed Load 🍋
Tamago kake gohan
soy grilled tofu modern bowl with soul revival drink(ginger beer, mango, lime, turmeric, jalapeño, and thai basil).
The Simpson’s Donuts
steak sandwich!
Sous vide ribeye with fried garlic mushrooms and béarnaise sauce.
Freestyle Meatball Tantanmen
Fresh Flatbread &amp; Zesty Zhoug
barbecue pork roast.
Tonight’s dinner was beef tip and rice with some veggies on the side
flourless chocolate cake, chocolate ganache, with raspberry sauce
slow cooker chili
Chocolate Cinnamon Buns!! So gooey!!
Sesame Honey Air Fried Chicken Thighs
homemade gochujang chicken wings that my partner made.
Video of Unusual Fight Between Rare Black Panther and Leopard Goes Viral | Watch - India.com
பாலாடையில் பால்கோவா || how to make palkova recipe in Tamil || palkova re...
Guacamole at a small restaurant in San Ignacio, MX
Pot Roast with Sourdough Cheddar Bread.
Chocolate mousse cheesecake covered with chocolate ganache with an Oreo crust
Patty melt with fried egg and white American cheese on potato bread.
Bim bim bap
Fresh Orange and Dark Chocolate Cheesecake
Sweet and spicy veggie pizza using birds eye chillies
Sherry French Onion soup
flank steak with roasties, spring onions, mushrooms and fried eggs
Bûche de Noël (Yule Log Cake)
Chocolate Cake Only 3 Ingredients | Oreo Biscuit Cake |
prime ny strip
fish stew i made today.
Chicken Andouille Gumbo with Duck Jambalaya And Bacon Stuffed Mushrooms.
'Chennai Talks' YouTubers arrested after video of woman talking about sex goes viral - The News Minute
Egg White, Cheese, and Tomato Breakfast Sandwich
Scramble egg sandwich
Americano with a slice of honey butter pumpkin bread
Italian Mix Sub
Sweet Potato Sheppard's Pie
Nguyên Liệu KHÔNG TIN NỔI Làm Nên Chiếc Bánh Trung Thu: Dụng Cụ Vẽ - Thá...
Cinnamon Rolls, forgot to take a pic before eating 😆
Shrimp and grits
Iced Oatmeal Cookies
cardamom rolls
Tangzhong Milk Bread
Indian Style Chicken Curry
Spicy Kuska Ingredients | Tasty Kushka ki Recipe ""
My wonderful, hearty pan pizza
banna split with BBQ sauce and cinimon
How to make donuts simply at
pretzel bite? pretzel butt?
Salmon and beans
Reverse seared beef tenderloin
Minimalist Nachos
Creamy Tagliatelle
Halibut Beer battered Fish &amp; Chips
- Dry aged NY Strip with roasted carrot puree, red wine reduction, fried cabbage and crispy shallots
Honey Sesame Chicken Lo Mein
lemon rice
moRE SUSHIIII
Chicken Biryani Masala 🤤
pan seared scallops with Sichuan chili crisp and green onion
Sautéed flounder with carrot and zucchini risotto
Pork nabemono. With napa cabbage, spinach, shemeji, enoki, shitake mushrooms, diakon, carrots, yam, green onion, and kojnac noodles.
Streetmeat / Dirty Rice Paella w/Tzaziki
Ka'thiew aka Cambodian style Pho.
Greek-style Poutine
Chocolate cake with caramel frosting
Japchae - mixed dish of boiled bean threads, stir-fried vegetables, and shredded meat
Zucchini bacon bomb, in my old but gold smoker. What a taste!
is talented and whipped up delicious dim sums to whet your appetite
Steamed chicken breast with purple macaroni
classic Dal Makhni...
My cake turned out berry good
The Italian from Fire in Wenatchee WA. Bread baked to order!
Mongolian chicken + cocktail juice
Cheeseburger topped with melted muenster and cheddar cheese-filled deep fried portobello mushroom
A Classic Cheeseburger
Q1 2021: Food waste
Chicken Breasts Stuffed with Feta and Spinach
Chile en Nogada
Food and Drink: Vegetarian Recipes Article Category
Breakfast sandwiches
Jaegerschnitzel with buttered noodles and braised red cabbage
honey chipotle sirloin, sauteed bok choy and citrus rice
Strawberry Platter!
$11.50 Smoked BBQ ribs and chicken.
avocado toast with white truffle oil on a homemade sourdough slice
country style ribs
Vaguely Japanese Monstrosity
Bacon Egg and Cheese
Bake a cake like pro with easy steps anyone can bake a cake
Co-WIN app: how to register for COVID-19 vaccine, required documents and more - Pricebaba Daily
Hot chocolate 😍
Water boiled Fish, soy and spicy!
Chicken Alfredo Casserole
I can't stop eating strawberry cakes in Japan 😋🍰
Deluxe Double Burger with Homemade Pickles and Carmelized Onions(there are also raw onions on top).
Banana cake with peanut butter buttercream frosting and chocolate ganache
Cheddar Mac n Cheese fries
Spicy Pork Italian Soup
The House Special 🍜
Walnut Cake
Spicy Chicken &amp; Rice
Smoked carnitas with avocado salsa.
Chicken BBQ
Biltong
Lobster, shrimp and charred corn chowder with bacon.
Potato fried with tomato,paprika,carrot,onion and garlic covered with olive oil
Milk cake recipe
spicy chicken strips and fries with curry ketchup, spicy ranch, and chick fil a sauce
Venison Stroganoff with homemade egg noodles and canned green beans
" Green peas and brocolli soup" #food
Chicken cooked with milk
Ribeye with red wine sauce and seasoned fries
Stromboli
Oven cooked beef brisket with garlic, oyster and hoisin sauce.
Mother's Day afternoon tea
https://ift.tt/2YxtkCC
Fried eggplants with pork
Mostaccioli Alfredo w/ Crispy Bacon
Moongdal Halwa
Fall cake! buttery pound cake with caramelized apples.
dinner
chocolate cake with rainbow sprinkles
Asian chicken salad with homemade sweet chili honey dressing
Turkey, bacon, Brie, stuffing and cranberry sourdough toasties
Chorizo and Chicken Paella
Fruit loops donut
Man caught illegally dumping trash in viral video - Saipan Tribune
Chinese Meat Pies (Xian Bing), non-existent pleats, but good flavor!
Cured beef, mozzarella , rosemary &amp; sage pizza
All Day Special consisting of Vienna sausages and grilled chicken
Mom’s lamb curry with mint chutney, eggplant subzi, roti with ghee, fresh onion, and cucumber salad
Fruit Tart
Pretzel snake
Korean Corn Cheese with Kimchi.
Inspired by a fellow redditor, I whipped up my own homemade gifts for a merry boozemas. Now they’re bottled and ready for their new homes.
Comfort food: Chef cooks for Detroit homeless, Park first responders - Grosse Pointe News (subscription)
Lamb dumplings
Bangers, Champ and Onion Gravy
Ancient Japanese Tonic Melts 54 LBS of Fat
Chicken enchilada “lasagne” with corn tortillas
Pizza with smoked salmon and rugola
Appetizing Green Chutney with easy Ingredients
Variety fudge boxes for my friends and family
Ginger apple snaps from Fantastic Mr Fox!
salmon fish
Butter Poached Sous Vide Scallops with a Roasted Chestnut Veloute, Crispy Pancetta, Lemon Dressed Apple Bruinoise, and some Pea Shoots.
How did I do?
latkes and matzo ball soup
Yellow Cake - Chocolate Buttercream
lamp chops and mashed potatoes
Fruit Trifle Fun Cooking Activity With kids
Salted Peanut &amp; Honeycomb Rocky Road
Pancetta and Cheese Gnocchi
roast beef, salami, provolone cheese &amp; lettuce w/ kettle cooked chips &amp; a cup of milk. No the milk was not homemade.
“not Hawaiian” pizza. Marinara, prosciutto, pineapple, banana peppers, topped with mozzarella and Parmesan.
Super juicy air fryer salmon with sauteed bok choy, rice, and beurre blanc
Carrot cake, with roasted walnuts and cream cheese frosting
Instant Pot Pork Loin
Black pepper garlic pork miso ramen.
Beef - from a  ribeyes
my mom's Pelmeni recipe
stuffed Conchiglioni baked in Tomatoe Sugo with grapes
Dark Chocolate with Nuts
Mini Croquembouche
Oyster Dressing
Soup dumplings
I made fried salmon cakes on spaghetti squash with bechamal sauce.
steak tacos
Salisbury Steak
croissants, traditional eclairs, and gingerbread kitties!
Garlic Butter Pan Seared Salmon, Corn on the cob and Roasted Asparagus!
Menemen and pide flatbread
Sweet Potato curry
Sugar Cookies
BBQ Pork tenderloin
pork butt
Christmas Beef Wellington.
Udon Lamb
Pi Day Chocolate Cream Pie!
White chip with mini chip
Chicken Potato Curry
Sourdough and Bacon
Caesar salad at home!
White rice &amp; string beans in a rice cooker with Popeye Fried Chicken (leftover) on top.
The Taste of Rajasthan Gigi Hadid’s spicy pasta
Tepache
burger
Cranberry &amp; Sage Bloomer and a Olive Foccacia (Made only by me)
Indonesian Sambal Seafood (shrimp and squid)
Harissa Chicken with shallots, potatoes, green beans and rice
Lamb and Mushroom Risotto
cheese biscuits and sausage gravy
French Toast with Crème Fraiche, Maple Syrup and Berries
croissants
Vanilla cake with crumbled Breton sablé, vanilla praline, vanilla sponge, vanilla caramel and vanilla ganache
Chicken and Mushrooms in Creamy Dill Sauce - Recipe
Bagels
Mediterranean lamb meatball bowls- couscous, tomato/cucumber/feta salad, avocado herb sauce and hummus with flatbread.
Oyster Khai Jiao (Thai omellette) with chili oil, jasmine rice and cucumber salad
Food
Lamb &amp; Roasted Vegetable Skewers
Cum &amp; follow me 💦‼️30% OFF TO THE NEXT 10 SUBS‼️DAILY POSTS ‼️ I INTERACT &amp; RESPOND TO ALL OF MY SUBS ‼️ PERSONAL REQUESTS AVAILABLE ‼️ https://onlyfans.com/drippinvibez
Tres Leches Cake Balls Recipe!
Pineapple Ham
Black Forest cake for dessert tonight
chicken,zuchinni,mashed potato’s and cranberry gastrique
HUGE Hot Chocolate Bomb!
Truff Hot Wings
Pistachio crusted Sockeye Salmon, curried vegetables and brown jasmine rice.
Tillamook Cheddar, Mozzarella, and Parmesan Mac &amp; Cheese
sauces and rubs oc
Cajun fried rice.
Autumn spices yeast donuts with lemon glaze
Stir fry pork belly and morning glory
Egg curry (kadhai chicken style) and coriander leaves-cumin-ghee rice
Black Bean &amp; Cheese Empanadas
challah and rye
ONIGRI
Porcini dust spaghetti with a garlic morel butter sauce, filet mignon &amp; parmigiano reggiano
vanilkove rozky, medovniky and linecke kolieska
Korean tteokbokki and garlic cheese fries
bibimbap with flank steak
Babka - baked
Homemade bread grilled on a garlic olive oil, with a spicy homemade salsa marinated in Portobello wine, on top of a shredded, smoked and salted grilled ham. Basically... salsa toast... but it's amazingly delicious.
grilled chicken salad served w nori rice
Cast Iron Sizzling Salmon burgers
Truffle steak tartare
Prime Rib, Creamed Corn and Mushrooms
Polish dish „Tatar” raw beef with spices.
Pho 🍲
ketchup in the making, with some veggies. Some much nicer than store bought.
giant M$M’s, probably the biggest one you’ve ever seen
Grandma’s cinnamon rolls!
double layared chocolate cake with extra icing*
Beef short-rib tacos.
Homemade Round Moroccan White Bread Easily
Cookie box assortment
Duck confit poutine with caramelised whiskey onions. Not the prettiest looking dish on this sub but it was delicious!
Bacon Pizza with jalapeno peppers
Cheese burgers with kimchi mayo and butter buns
tomato soup and toasted cheese sandwich!
Alkaline Vegan wrap
Meethi poori, an Indian snack for the evening.
Thai Chicken Curry with Spinach &amp; Red Rice with Quinoa

Seared Chicken Breast with Green Onion
Korean fried chicken and sides made by me
roast brussel sprouts with white truffle oil
Lilikoi Pancakes
Leroy Sane reacts to Bayern Munich’s 4-1 win over Lazio in the Champions League - Bavarian Football Works
Cookies and candies
seared and roasted pork chop, braised cabbage, and wild rice
Pizza, Sushi and Champagne
Just some bacon grease.
Beef Wellington with Parmesan Risotto
Orange Cranberry Bread by Yudane Method
Turkish poached eggs
Crab noodle soup with deep fried soft shell crab and spring rolls
Rustic Apple Tartlets
Coffee and Nocciola Profiteroles
Honey from my harvest
Candy Apples.
New Cast Iron Pan, new ways to make baked Mac and Cheese!
Aubergine, mozzarella and tomato bake
Vanilla Cupcakes, Chocolate Hearts and Vanilla colored Buttercream..
Tomato Soufflé, Mushroom and Tomato Rice, Sautéed Perch with secret sauce
Mint Chocolate Fudge Ice Cream Sandwich
Chicken Dinner - single pan minus the cheese and bread.
Donut bacon cheeseburger
Fried potatoes and corned beef
Roast Lamb
Dal waiting for rice and naan. Happy Diwali!
Chicken BLT 🥪
Chicken and chickpea burger with apple slaw and ‘pulled’ BBQ jackfruit.
Apple Cinnamon Pancakes!
Acorn squash stuffed with chorizo and cranberries
Baked thighs and veg
"Breakfast Pretzel Butter Croissant" - with cream cheese, maasdam, egg, chicken and tomato
No-knead Bread
nut corners
Passover brisket with potato starch thickened gravy, grilled potatoes and asparagus.
Instant noodles with squid shaped sausages
Chicharron De Ribeye with fresh guacamole for dipping.
grade A beef patties in homemade milk buns. Taleggio and Appenzeller cheese, bacon and avo-ca-doo
shio ramen
Biff Rydberg
Strawberry cake with whipped cream frosting
Cornbreads
a classic Quebecers poutine 🇨🇦
pan seared burgers in seeded brioche buns with Monterey Jack cheese and reggae reggae sauce
Take-out nigiri sushi
Jerk chicken with rice and peas and side of coleslaw.
Smoked Sausage
steak salad
Duck a l'orange with duck fat mashed potatoes and arugala salad
sicilian pesto pizza
Double Double smash burger
Why do eggs get recalled for Salmonella? I thought we always assume the risk of it being there.
Spicy Soft Shell Crab Bao
Hyderabadi chicken biryani with yogurt sauce raita
Tokyo soy ramen
Pasticcione with creme pattisiere and strawberries
Yolk Porn
McRib using real pork ribs, long sliced picked, sliced hot chili pickled onion on a Jalapeno Turkish roll.
"" Tasty Döner Kebab, Most Famous Street Food around the world
Pork Belly Burnt Ends
Neapolitan Style Pizza
Holiday Macaron Box of 12 with 6 flavors; Pistachio, Peppermint, Brown Sugar Waffle, Passion Fruit, Chocolate Ganache and Creme Brûlée.
banana pudding milkshake with cookies and cream whipped cream.
Orange chocolate mousse
spicy ramen quesadilla
Cerdo a la estaca
Easy pub pies via Pilsbury's new cornbread swirls.
Tomato bisque and grilled cheese.
Cheese Naan + Dhal Curry
Chinese donut sticks
My little one asked for fries
Breaded chicken fillets with pickles and homemade coleslaw, on a toasted brioche bun.
BLT
Deep Fried Hashbrown Bacon Burger with homemade honey hot sauce
Hot Cocoa Season! Toast your marshmallows!
Chicken Tikka Masala, yogurt raita, garlic naan and basmati rice.
Cookies &amp; Cream Macaron
Philly Chicken &amp; bacon cheese steak.
Peanut Mayonnaise
Garlic sauce, guacamole burger with seasoned fries
Braised Shortrib Chili
Tomato Soup &amp; Grill Cheese, Simple but effective 👌
Fall themed sugar cookies
"
Vodka rigatoni
Braised beef on risotto.
Twisted Cinnabuns
Spooky Chicken Potpie
Apple Tarte Tatine (or however you spell it)
Homemade sourdough
Oatmeal with honey and apples
Reckless driver's insurance cancelled after viral video - Loop News St. Lucia
Pavlova!!! pls check out the channel :)
Avocado &amp; salmon toast
Chicken-Tikka skewers with a tamarind chutney
Tendies
Among Us bento lunches.
Chinese fish with dumplings
Sticky sesame chicken
smores cookie
Hot Chocolate Rolls
poached eggs on a Brussels sprout and sweet potato hash
Loaded Tater Tots with an Avocado Jalapeño Goat Cheese Ranch and Crumbled Bacon
Butter Chicken and Naan Bread
sloppy joe bolognese burgers with Mozzarella pearls.
Thanksgiving 2020: Cornish hen, lobster tail, scalloped potatoes, salad, vintage champagne
Couverture Chocolate Mudcake.
Mesquite smoked NY Strip with garlic rosemary butter, garlic rosemary potatoes, grilled asparagus and grilled shrimp on rosemary skewers
Pineapple Crumble
Cheesecake w/Caramel Sauce
Four hour sous-vide prime rib
muhammara
Chicken Satay!
Pull-Apart Bread for Cheese Loverzz
Smokedb Salmon flatbread with whipped beet labneh and arugulah
Honey glazed chicken
chicken Parmesan over zoodles and angel hair pasta
Grilled steak, asparagus, mushrooms, and made homemade mashed potatoes
“” lamb chicken beef kebabs
rainbow sourdough bread
Pork Rind Pellets.
Salted Brown Butter Chocolate Chip &amp; Toffee Cookies
Porchetta sandwiches w/lemon rapini
Noodles with peanut sauce and fresh cukes and carrots
Chef John-style Polish poppy seed rolls
Brined, Baked, Fried Buffalo Wings
Pretzels.
Meat and cheese plate for Thanksgiving
Filipino Pork Belly Adobo
Everyone Should Try At Least Once.
Strawberry Milkshake with Whip Cream
Turkey dinner for two
Sautéed veggies
Chef Boyardee Lasgna Kit ive been randomy set with the task of making this return and im set on it if you miss this help me in any way you can P.S. im sorry for this----&gt;
Gansitos (Popular Mexican Snack Cake)
Sour Cream &amp; Onion French Toast with Sausage Gravy
Mojo Steak Tacos with fire-roasted poblano, pickled onions and radish, and plenty of cotija cheese.
Buttermilk Drop Biscuits
edamame hummus
white chicken chili
Punjabi Samosas
Mega-EggyBread Club Sandwich Stacks
Pickled Beets &amp; Red Onions
White Chocolate Raspberry Cake
getting in on this Birria taco trend
Sourdough Bread
Beef tartare
Beef Salpicao (Filipino beef stir fry with worcestershire and garlic)
BLAT on super seedy bread 🥓🥬🥑🍅
Mofongo with Camarones Guisados
Eggs Afghan style. Sauteed/caramelized onion, tomato, garlic, and cut jalapenos. Topped with dry mint powder, chili powder.
We made some Birria Tacos
just some crinkle-cut fries smothered in molten cheese
Pot Roast and Popover Sandwich
stuffed mushrooms
Korean Hot Dogs @ ChungChun Rice Hot Dog in Flushing, NY. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sNZ7FGPqkaU
Serrano eggs, breakfast sausage, and serrano onion garlic hash browns (mid-cook). Good stuff.
Follow @hungermoods on twitter
Anyone else eat plain pasta like a psychopath?
pizza.
Saffron Risotto with Braised Short Ribs
Poached eggs, layered on fried onions, and dressed with tomato sauce and cilantro👍🏻
Falafel
Vanilla Bean Loaf Cake
Fried pork chops, potato wedges and asparagus.
Poke bowl
Lasagne Florentine
Mashed potatoes and Steak
Carrots,potatoes and peas in in curry sauce over brown rice.
Thin crust pepperoni pizza
Lomo Saltado Served With French Fries
Breakfast Burritos/large tacos
Cowboy Steak w/ Broccolini &amp; Purple Mash
Chicken thigh ballotine with fresh basil and provolone, topped with red bell pepper chimichurri on a cauliflower purée bed.
Crab Benedict
Fried chicken wings
Pasta di Mandorle with Amarena
Ham torta with mayo, avocado, lettuce, tomato and red onion. El chavo's favorite meal.
lamb Dumm-Pukht. A process slow cooking of meat on charcoal ambers.
Andes Mint Fudge
Sunday Breakfast
stuffed salmon roll with cream cheese, pepper jack cheese, jalapeño and fresh parsley
Loaded Chocolate Cake
Goat Biryani / Mutton Biryani/ Lamb Biryani
Smoked beef cheek w/rosemary garlic mashed potatoes and fennel bean salad.
Quiche.
chicken parmesan and arugula salad
Kluna Tik comiendo BALDI's BASICS en la vida real - ASMR Comiendo Mukban...
Mangalore Thali
Who doesn’t like some black beans !!
Bacon Cabonara
Breakfast wrap
Butterballs
Chicken Marbella
braciole
bbq ribs
Today  stir-dry beef noodles
wagyu new york strip steak
Earl grey tea latte with tapioca pearls from Gong Cha
Garlic lime marinated sirloin, mac and cheese, and parmesan garlic roasted broccoli
Avgolemono Soup!
cut it open 🍌 🍞
Gordon Ramsay's Roast Turkey with Lemon, Parsley, and Garlic
Spare Ribs, Smoked Brisket, Jalapeño &amp; Cheese Sausage, Potato Salad, Cheesy Grits, and Homemade Bread
Winter storm update: Current snow totals for Metro Detroit Sunday - WDIV ClickOnDetroit
Spicy popcorn chicken
Attempted some dinner rolls this evening, I'll be making these again that's for sure!
10 pounds of guacamole
Carmel C orn I made over Christmas
paella (scallops, shrimp, calamari, mussels, chicken)
Surf and Turf. Tomahawk steak, snow crab legs, and cheddar bay biscuits. Half the price of Red Lobster and twice as good.
Flanksteak filled with mushrooms, chard and parmesan. Ate it with mashed sweet potatoes, mashed peas and port wine jus
Mango pork curry
- Salted Caramel Buttercream Chocolate Rocher Muffin
Duck breast with port reduction with brussel sprouts and pancetta
Dimsum
T-Bone Steak and Potatoes
Chivito
fresh cornbread
Sofritas Tofu Taco with Mexican style black beans, pico de gallo, guacamole, lime cilantro crema, pickled red onion and jalapenos,
Beef stroganoff
Pumpkin Custard Donuts
Sunny side up eggs with toast, sausage and tomato
My "" salad made from spaghetti and vegetables
Rajma Chawal (Kidney beans curry and rice)
Spinach and Beet Crepes
baked Christmas duck
home-grown lion’s mane mushroom “krab” cakes
Green Chile chicken enchiladas, Merry Christmas Reddit!
Will I shit myself if I drank coca cola with cheese?
Made some Udon fired noodles, never made them before how’d I do ?
Soy sauce ramen with a can of tuna
BUTTER TOFFEE
Chicken Curry with Rice and Vegetables
Doro tibs, Duba wot, Butecha, Dat'a, with canjeero. Ethiopian food with Somali bread.
Mango Smoothie (With Yogurt)
Braised Lamb Shanks over Parmesan Risotto
apple cider donut muffins
Fried Chicken I made when my GF forbade me to order KFC because apparently it's ""unhealthy""
Guinness Beef or Lentil Stew!
Grilled Ham, Turkey, and Cheese
Last night what a view
Xian’s Famous Foods Spicy and tingly Hand Ripped Noodles (from a meal kit)
I tried doing my version of an In N Out burger. I made animal sauce too☺️
Breakfast Burger on Homemade Brioche Buns with Maple-Sriracha Glazed Bacon
Buttermilk Cornbread
Sandwitch with garlic sauce, cooked sausage, two types of cheese, egg (because of course!) and some siracha on the top
18lb Brisket
Paneer Makhni Angara
preparing egg rice
Mangolian chicken + cocktail juice 👌
Sushi platter!
Pizza Toscana
Fruit Tart with Peaches, Nectarines and Blackberries
Spicy chicken sandwich
Hamburger buns.
Sausage, egg, and cheese on a fresh croissant
Berry Chantilly Cake
Kata Chorchori
Our family’s newest addition, Casper.
i made jalapeño cheddar brewed from u/thedancingsoyboy recipe he posted 2 weeks ago
Quick Batch Of Grilled Steak
Chocolate Chocolate Chip Cookies; added about 2 tsp of dark cocoa powder and a shot glass of milk to the batter
garganelli with braised short rib
Tuna Nicoise-ish Salad
Brisket, pimento cheese, red onion, and Carolina BBQ sauce on an everything ciabatta.
Egg fried rice.
Mozzarella, goats cheese, and caramelised onion pizza
Smoked Topside!
Sautéed grape tomatoes, red onion, and shishito pepper all on top of a sourdough toast with chive and onion cream cheese
Saving Private Belish, how long can you save your belish recipe in the freezer?
how to make dalgona coffee at home a step by step learning ....enjoy best coffee in 5 minutes
Beetroot and potato mash. Red cabbage and cooking apple in honey, sugar and cinnamon with a roast dinner
Pho with Five Spice Braised Beef, Imperial Rolls with Pork and Crab.
Christmas Charcuterie Board. On a walnut slab board I made.
Bacon Cheeseburgers w. homemade buns
Smoked bacon
- dried tomatoes 🍅
Three cheese lasagne
Indian Paratha
Chicken Cotoletta and Chicken Cordon Bleu
A sushi tower
HALWA
SUPER YUMMY SPICY CHICKEN PREPARATION made with SAMYANG FIRE SAUCE
chicken &amp; chorizo paella, really nice with the oils and juices from the chorizo!
Vanilla Cranberry Cake with vanilla buttercream and sugared cranberries!
Ethiopian Kitfo, Gomen, and Ayib, with Moroccan Beghrir
Caramel apple!
Mock Pesto + Fried Sage
Tasty cinnamon roll recipe with homemade icing
Potato and Rosemary Risotto
Korean-style chicken wings
Ham and split pea soup
Turkey roulade w/ apple, corn bread and sausage stuffing...
moist Raman noodle sandwich
Neapolitan style pizza
Sushi With Salmon, Cucumbers, Avocados, Prawns And... Bell Peppers
- Spooky Mummy Apple Hand Pies!
Grilled Cheeseburger
Automatic Snack Bars Packaging Line Auto Flow Wrapper For 3 Puffe...
Beef Stew with Biscuits
homemade gigantic cinnamon role with walnuts creme cheese butter and light brown sugar dough.
shrimp etouffee 😊
puffed pastry and link sausage with cheese and BBQ sauce
Taiwanese style popcorn cauliflower
Prime Ribeye Roast with Hollandaise, Horseradish Sauce, and Au Jus
Lemonade Chiffon Cake with Mascarpone Layers
Gingerbread Golden Gate Bridge
Seafood Soup
Who Sаіd Mеdіtеrrаnеаn Diets Rесіреѕ Arе Boring? Nоt In Our Hоmе mеdіtеrrаnеаn diets rесіреѕ аrе the аnѕwеr to thе dіеt fооd'ѕ rерutаtіоn fоr bеіng tаѕtеlеѕѕ. Mу wіfе and I trу tо be сrеаtіvе аnd fіnd wауѕ tо mаkе оur fооd tаѕtе gооd.
Korean Kimbap
Hipster Nachos - Sweet potato/russet potato fries, romaine and arugula, grated radish and carrots with sriracha Mayo and hoisin sauce topped with smoked pork belly
Traditional American breakfast using only ingredients sourced from the grocery store
Spaghetti sandwich sold in Japan, Korea, Phlpnes, Singapore, Bali
Lamb chops with roasted garlic Parmesan red potatoes and corn off the cob.
Mitarashi Dango
chocolate orange cookies
Herbs Butter Roast Chicken and its Vegetables
Homemade cajun food
I also made oatmeal cream pies
Salmon, quinoa and roasted sweet potatoes
cheddar bacon peanut butter jalapeno relish burger
Sushi and tempura prawns
Steak &amp; Mushroom Pasta
Black pepper ham with dijon, stuffing, mashed potatoes, and celery salad.
brown rice, roasted corn, sweet potato, salmon, guac, kale &amp; cashew/avocado/lime sauce
red kuri squash soup extra smooth
stuffed mushrooms
and made a Lo-Fi egg rice video. Please enjoy.
Grilled Focaccia Sandwich (Mozza/Parm) with B.C. Concorde Grapes
Philly Cheese Steak Sandwiches
Chinese Red Braised Pork Belly
Spicy shrimps with veggies
chicken ramen
pumpkin spice sugar cookies!
Pizza. Pepperoni, onion, Fresno Chili’s and Calabrian peppers
BBQ pulled chicken and pineapple coleslaw on toasted brioche
Ichiban Noodles + Ikea meatballs
Chocolate cake pops
Pizzas!
$3 burger truck fries🤤
Hasselback potatoes with cheddar cheese
Double Bacon Cheeseburger
Poblano con queso, guacamole, and queso fresco taco
Moroccan chicken tagine.
Guinness Short-Rib Stew
I made a breakfast sandwich. It was fantastic.
Indonesian Padang Style Chilli Mussels
Charcuterie - Happy Birthday to me, courtesy of my gf
1.5kg finest Roastbeef
Watch this broadcast on Happs, a world-class broadcasting platform featuring FREE professional video production tools, a community eager to collaborate, and a simple way for viewers to support creators financially.
Nashville Hot Chicken Sandwich with Maple Bourbon Jalapeño Bacon Jam
Chicken and Halloumi burger with Caramelized Red Onion Relish
15 top foods to lower the risk of heart disease
chicken pizza
https://ift.tt/3oIXfmd
Ribe Eye with wood logs
Jollof rice and fried beef
honey garlic wings and fried rice takeout
some sushi I made with my family!
Burger and onion rings
vegetable okonomiyaki, bonito, house made okonomiyaki sauce, kewpie mayo
gnocchi dinner for one
Bacon Cheese fries
रेस्टोरेंट जैसी हेल्दी तंदूरी फिश घर पे बनायें | Restaurant Style Tandoo...
Black garlic and mushroom risotto
Butternut Squash Pie
Tower of T-bone steaks for dinner
Swedish Meatballs with Mashed Potato, Pickles and Caramelised Onions
Chicken w/ Mashed potatoes, carrots, biscuits and gravy.
Filetti of little marackel freshly caught. Those colors.
Chicken Fried Rice with Egg, Gai Lan, and Green Onions
broccoli soup with shrimp and whole wheat baguette
- Pinwheel Cookies Recipe - Μοναδικα Μπισκοτα Σπιραλ Διχρωμα – Σπιτικα Μπισκοτα Βουτυρο Κακαο
Tinh Dầu Tràm Đà Nẵng - Thượng Hạng - Vườn Nhiên
Three Cheese Queso Dip
Pan seared salmon with lime
sous vide pork ribs
Cheeseburger Bombs!
Garlic Cheese Bread
Healthy Indian Super Snacks
Chicken-cheese pablano peppers.
Chicken peach bruschetta. Sweet, savory, unexpectedly fantastic.
Scrambled soft tofu with chili pepper grilled onions and chive flowers.
India vs England: Twitter Full of Joy as Suryakumar Yadav Gets India Call-up At Last - News18
Beef macaroni
Bacon Wrapped Filet, Garlic Butter Mashed Potatoes, and Balsamic Chili Glazed Brussel Sprouts
kacchi Biryani
Korean Beef Bulgogi
an artisanal cheese and fruit tray
Pumpkin &amp; pie sugar cookies!
Fresh Mozzarella, Basil, Garlic and Tomato Pizza
Churro Cheesecake
Wood-fired sourdough cheese pizza with fermented garlic and garden chilies to top
Raspberry Cheesecake Crepes
Spinach parmesan pasta made with new pasta machine, NY strip steak, and roasted broccoli
shroom, pepper and onion open faced taco with feta, sweet cabbage slaw, spicy sauce and leftover salsa.
Thai inspired chicken satay with peanut dipping sauce.
seared halloumi and roasted sweet potato salad with tahini dressing
Tonight  Spam Musubi with proper sushi rice, tears of happiness were shed.
Balsamic chicken and cherry tomatoes
Valentine's day breakfast
Nashville Hot Chicken Tender Tacos
Question: garlic in the guacamole, yay or nay?
Creamy Masago Udon
I made homemade scallion pancakes!
Hawaiian Themed Cake with handmade rice paper flowers
Cinnamon rolls, pre frosting
Made this flavourful lasagna
Pancit Canton (Filipino Stir Fry Noodles)
cocktails, ribeye, and rosè pasta
Basil Pesto Pasta
https://ift.tt/2YWvOuM
Chicken noodle soup
Malaysian/Indonesian Beef Rendang
SEITAN MAPLE LINKS BREAKFAST SANDWICH
I boiled an egg
Bizcocho de naranja
Chipotle bowl for lunch!
My version of Huevos Rancheros
BLT w/ avocado and egg, and kettle chips!
Chinese Custard Buns (Nai Wong Bao)
Chicken Tikka Pathia
Fried Chicken Bites
tomahawks! 🪓
Made some crispy silver dollar pancakes. With whipped honey-butter, seasoned with smoked fish roe
flounder tacos topped with guac and pico, plus grilled elotes
Balsamic caprese toastie on homemade buttermilk bread
3-Day Sourdough
Bacon Pancakes
papaya salad, lumpia, baked muscles, spaghetti, duck, lobsters.
Sicilian Pizza.
Pulled pork
today I made a lemon pie, I still need to stay in the fridge for a while.
Bread
High Quality Portable Blender?
a salad...
al pastor tostada with queso fresco and pico de gallo
Grilled Pineapple Relish with English Cucumber and Blackberry
my attempt at making dinner for my family
Koginut Squash Roasted in Olive Oil, Gochuchang and Sesame Seeds, Dinner and dessert in one.
Viral Video Of Single-Take Drone Footage In A Bowling Alley Has Hollywood Talking - Ubergizmo
Skirt Steak w/ Chimichurri and Fries
breakfast tacos
roasted almonds
White chocolate pastry cream filled cream puffs.
Xi An Lamb Burger
Creamy Paneer Bhurji with Garlic Naan &amp; Chicken Curry Masala with White Rice.
Pull apart garlic and mozzarella cheese dough balls
Cheese and tomato pizza
Fried calamari with 7 spice mayo
Wild goose sausage
Shish tawook, tomato rice and sumac onions
Bibimbap with pork belly, and brisket.
Spinach with Rice
surf and turf- ribeye topped with garlic and herb butter and broiled scallops
Korean Sushi
whole-wheat tortillas/tacos
Marzipan Henna Cake - Rolled marzipan over a ganache covered cheesecake.
https://ift.tt/2YxtkCC
lemon bars with home grown Meyer lemons.
Bison Burger w/ caramelized onion and red peppers, cheddar cheese, chopped romaine, on a toasted brioche bun with a homemade chipotle aioli
burgers, chips(homegrown)and mozzarella sticks
Thanksgiving dinner plate
Butter Chicken and Paneer Roti
Full English Breakfast
Scallops over Truffled Mushroom Risotto in a Brown Butter Herb Sauce
Sirloin steak served with  pepper corn sauce!
Why is that message needed?  anyways
Chocolate cake, vanilla swiss maringue buttercream and ruby chocolate ganache
Vegetarian Wellington
Easy way to make dal tarka // Mix dal tarka in desi style//दाल तरका बनने...
Homesick so I made a Seattle dog. Cream cheese, sautéed onions, grilled jalepeños, sauerkraut, sriracha.
Protein Brownie
Easy pickled red onions
Chicken Macaroni
hot sauce
5lb Pastrami
French toast, chestnut mushrooms, bacon rashers, blood sausage, hash browns and scrambled eggs.
Pulled beef with onion relish on some fresh brioche. Hands down the best sandwich I’ve ever made.
Coffee cookies...  : its great, you must do it
Sweet Pineapple and Rum Kilbalsa over rice. Topped with diced Serrano and a Habanero sauce.
Mini Pumpkin Muffins with Orange Drizzle
Sicilian style pizza w/ spicy sauce
Bacon and egg croissan'wich
Pork Belly in the oven
Rabo Encendido (Cuban style Oxtail Stew)
Cashew chicken on wonton strips bed and blanched peppers
Miso Ramen
butter chicken
Chili with a cornbread muffin
Fusilli with smoked herrings, tomatoes &amp; herbs
Acadian Nova Scotia Seafood Chowder
honey sriracha chicken with jasmine rice
Cookie Monster cookie cake
I ate this Pheasant and Elk tenderloin
Turkey Cake
Cake
Birria Tacos
Eggs Benedict in Blowing Rock, NC
Salmon, rice, avacado, kimchi and pickled ginger
Maple Honey Pork Chops with Smashed Potatoes and Green Beans
Cherry puff pastry pies
Belgian milk chocolate stuffed a with salted caramel cream
Italian Octopus Salad
Leftover Pot Roast Hash
Spatchcocked Turkeys
President Biden signs order to increase federal food benefits, among executive actions to stabilize the U.S. economy - The Washington Post
Penna Candela alla Bolognese
Eggs with Avocado and Cucumber
Beef and bell peppers
LOBSTER BEACH BBQ! And Unique Kenyan Street Food in Malindi, Kenya!
Made Cincinnati chili. Served with spaghetti, cheese and green onions
Lasagna with homemade ricotta
Chicken enchiladas with some hot sauce to spice them up a bit
Chicken Trinchado
Kimchi Mentaiko Udon
Phở Vietnam
Attempted the black vinegar Masterchef cake that made Ramsay lick a plate. I can taste why.
Almond Horns
A Christmas Charcuterie. 7 kinds of cheese. All kinds of good stuff
Chocolate cake with chocolate ganache and buttercream daisies for an anniversary
Lemon cheesecake topped with lemon curd and whipped cream
Facebook Widens Ban On COVID-19 Vaccine Misinformation In Push To Boost Confidence - Valley Public Radio
White Fields Community Church expands food pantry - Longmont Times-Call
My Quick and Easy  Pizza ... give it a try guys! :)
3rd International Conference on Food and Nutrition
Tarte au citron.
FRIED RICE WITH BEEF AND BABY CORN - When there is cold rice, you want to make an extremely dish quickly, do not miss Fried rice with beef and baby corn.
Marinated steak tacos, mild pico, cucumber sauce, blistered onions and peppers, topped with scallions and queso fresco! 5/7! 10/10 with rice!
Steak with rice
Hatch green chili sausage mac and cheese
Cheesy Garlic Pesto Pasta
Beef and rutabaga pie
caprese salad
Seafood Bowl from Jamaica
Japanese breakfast
Reverse sear Ribeye for my bday.
Candied Lemon Recipe for Stealing Energy From The Universe With Sugar
garlicky chicken thighs with scallions &amp; lime
Currywurst with homemade nürberger bratwurst and curly fries
Argentina and Brazil.
in n out. double doubles and animal style fries
Three Bean Chili
Jaime Oliver's Carbonara di Salsiccia for Christmas brunch.
Black bean and corn salsa
Pan-seared sole with Tomato &amp; white wine sauce
BBQ
Grilled Bone-in Pork Chop
some winter bbq
Pizza bread
Ahi Poke
‘Nduja Benedicto~peppernata aioli, ‘Nduja sausage, cacciatore salami &amp; brie
carbonara! I learned a little cheese goes a looong way!
Pretzel bites with Tabasco Cheese Sauce
buttermilk biscuits
- Try George Orwell's recipe for Christmas Pudding
Black Garlic
chicken Milanese with cherry tomatoes and fennel (giada’s recipe)
Seasoned baked and Smoked Chicken Kebabs
4 ingredients bagels 🥯
Fried chicken tacos w mexican street corn salsa
Flat bread with sausage, goat cheese, mozzarella, tomatoes, balsamic glaze and fresh basil
Eggs with cheddar on top
wood fired cheese and tomato pizza
Red borsch with white beans and mushrooms
Leftover Smoked Chicken Enchiladas
Bartlett pear butter.
A nice lookin sandwich
Chamorro de puerco adobado, Pork shank in adobo sauce
Carmel Apple cookies and salted carmel topping
Braided banana and salted caramel bread.
Thanksgiving leftover egg rolls dipped in gravy. Fried in air fryer!
Soup Dumplings 🥟
Peshawari Chappal Kabab
breakfast sandwich
Carne asada burrito
Half eaten pizza slice.
Chicken tikka masala and garlic butter naan.
Lemon Cheesecake Mousse
Lemon Meringue Cheesecake
When the food is too good
sloppy Joe
Pork &amp; kimchi fried rice!
Matcha Shortbread Cookies with Dark Chocolate
Lemon garlic baked chicken and potatoes
My Quick and Easy  Pizza Recipe to try...
chicken egg and cheese
Chicken wings (my late uncle's recipe that my aunt makes now).
Fried rice with pepper chicken and sweet plantains. When you wanna make proper Chinese food but you live in Puerto Rico.
Mushroom &amp; Pea Noodles
Plantains, eggs, taters, beef bacon topped with home-grown shallots and medium cheddar cheese
Focaccia with sea-salt and rosemary.
“” quick meal
(Vegan?) Peanut Butter Banana Cookies
Bamboo charcoal ice cream on a dark choco cone
Decorated Sugar Cookies (The Greatest Showman themed)
‘No Velveeta’ Smoked Queso
Reverse seared porterhouse
Blue tortillas and pineapple tofu tacos
Curried chicken &amp; rice soup
Krustenbraten
Chilles Rellenos
"FATTOUSH SALAD" RELEASING NEXT ON WEEKEND WITH NK.. SUBSCRIBE TO FILMS YOUTUBE CHANNEL http://www.youtube.com/c/NKFilms1979
steak hash
cold noodles (冷面)
Basketball and hoop cake
Chicken Leg Dinner
Salmon over leeks and shiitake mushrooms in cast iron
Spicy Korean Goat Stew
Fries
Chutney from pandemic tomatoes (grown on my balcony)
Spaghetti with Meatballs
Apple &amp; Gruyere Grilled Sandwich, Caesar Salad with Homemade CBD Caesar Dressing (CBD Critical Mass)
(HOMEMADE) Rice and pearl
Pesto, Pepperoni and Mushroom Pizza with Gouda Cheese
Casalinga Pizza
Cast iron seared ribeye with some garlic roasted taters, and roasted red peppers and broccoli.
Peppermint Hot Chocolate Bomb
Classic Tacos
nui xào bò (stir fry macaroni with beef).
Fully loaded hash browns
https://ift.tt/3odptFm
My omnivore salad = greens, tomato, whole dulse, and some pan cooked beef 😛
Veggie Beef soup
Strawberry Mascarpone Eclair
Apple Crisp Cheesecake! Head Baker/Pastry Chef in my pre-covid life, thinking about doing my own thing moving forward!
Detroit style pizza and garlic cheesy bread
chicken nacho casserole
Egg Nog Cheesecake
A delectable peace of chewed up paper
Air fryer wings: Buffalo, Honey BBQ, and Sweet Thai Chili
porkchops and asparagus😋
Brown butter chocolate chip cookies finished with Maldon sea salt
Maryland style crab cakes
Lemon Pepper Wings
Junior's New York Cheesecake
Finally surpassed my Mom's baking skills
Piadina
Impossible Bacon Cheeseburger
Rudolph cupcakes
Mmmmmm potatoes
Gf is going for keto so it’s no carbs for me until I give in in a month and devour my weight in sushi. Till then I made a  Roman style dish: assorted greens in oil, chilli and garlic with the beauty that is a poached egg
Peshawari Chole Paneer
Avocado tofu noodles with poached egg
Baked potatoes and chicken w/ sweet and salty dry rub, topped with Parmesan.
Pancake Caramel Sponge Cake
easy pork pho
Instant Pot Beef Stew
Hot wings!
Guava thumbprint cookies
Boeuf Bourguignon and Crispy Roast Potatoes
Glazed Christmas Ham
this savory blue corn waffle topped with eggs bacon and avocado from Hidden Kitchen, Cayucos CA
Christmas Special Snowball Cookie
Steak and Mashed Potatoes
Fried Chicken
Jicama fries and guac.
Spicy Chicken Club on Rye
Beef shawarma wrapped in bean curd sheet
Sous vide pork chop with a strawberry balsamic sauce and microgreen salad.
Crispy chicken nuggets better than McD’s
Breakfast Flatbread
.
White velvet-strawberry + dark chocolate-raspberry cupcakes
Brioche buns
Smoked Chili Mac Fatty.
Crunchy French Fries.
Steak &amp; Eggs Benedict
We made  nam khao last night
chawarma and fries
Vegetarian Thai curry with chickpeas and sweet potatoes on jasmine rice.
chocolate chip cookies.
Vanilla Marshmallows with dark chocolate and crushed candy cane
Omerice
No one to celebrate birthday, so I made myself some kimchi fried rice :’D
cheese &amp; charcuterie board
BK Contest where  here multiple times and hope to win a prize!
Scrambled eggs, bratwurst, bacon, tomato and kiwi
mushroom risotto
Buttermilk Biscuits On Christmas Morning
Omelette pancakes with vegetable filling and bacon strips
pecan crusted trout with an apple and green salad (not pictured)
I made blueberry cheesecake ( I added some of the sauce within the cheesecake and then added the rest on top)
bruschetta with haloumi, prosciutto and dried fig
Reverse sear T-bone steak
Naan Bread
Dan Dan Flatbread
Chicken tenders, sweet potato fries and ceasar salad, with chipotle mayo and honey mustard
Cheddar Dill Puffs
Apple Pie Moonshine
Paneer
Ancient grain saffron infused sourdough
Danish smørrebrød (open-faced sandwich) with egg and shrimps
prime rib with the fixings 🤤
Doritos Nachos
Orange and Pineapple Juice!
Uber’s Food-Delivery Business, Cost Cuts Cushion Pandemic Hit - The Wall Street Journal
Pizza &amp; Pasta
Cinnamon Toast Crunch Cheesecake
Why Climate Science Doesn’t Go Viral on YouTube - BloombergQuint
New York Style Bagels with sesame and poppy seeds on top.
20 meatballs with pasta and sauce. I am 14.
Huckleberry’s Po’ Boy and Cajun Fries 😍 My ultimate guilty pleasure!
The perfect bannana
Rosemary Garlic bread. Smells AMAZING!
Lasagna with Beyond Meat bolognese for Christmas Eve
Sandwich rolls
Irish police’s viral #Jerusalema video triggers complaints - IrishCentral
cinnamon rolls
Salas, queso and chicharrones.
Braised Short Rib Egg Noodle Soup with Torched Bone Marrow and Garlic Rice
fried Alaskan cod asparagus risotto and roasted broccoli
Made my own Hot Borscht w/ Beef Shin &amp; Potato
Smoked Salmon on Poppyseed Bagel Sandwich
Stocks to Watch: HDFC twins, Bajaj Finance, Hero MotoCorp, Dish TV - Mint
Hoppin’ John and Greens (Happy New Year - prosperity and luck to all in 2021!)
Birriadillas
Strawberry Sando
I made roast pork belly
Korean Bibimbap
Breakfast Sandwich
spicy tuna with sushi rice
Homemade Tonkotsu Ramen, took me 15 hours to make it!
My street gremlin’s two month glow-up. Mr. Biscuits has come so far with a little TLC 💕
South Shore MA Pizza Pi(e)
Ajiaco on a cold, rainy night
white chocolate cheese cake with orange zest. Almond and graham cracker crust.
Peking Duck
Crab soup and shrimp fried rice.
Letter Cake
Madagascan Coconut Chicken
Personal pan deep dish pizza with garlic buttery crust
dolphin? banana?
Spicy hot chocolate
tacos
Mediterranean Orzo Salad
second attempt at seafood paella
Breakfast sandwich with scrambled eggs, sausage, and havarti on sourdough
Lemon Soufflé
Ricotta Toast
Tex-Mex Chili w/beans and Cornbread
New Years Sea Food Feast
Pretzels!
Soondubu and Kimchi
A5 BMS12 Gunma Wagyu Ribeye
Shrimp Scampi with Pasta
Egg fried rice 💕
Mac and cheese with broiled hotdogs.
Ethiopian Goat with Shero wat and Injera
Vegetable Lasagna w/garlic bread
fried chicken
Okonomoyaki
a softcrab po'boy
Viral video captures giant pandas playing in the snow - PennLive
Zwetschgenknödel, German plum dumplings
I just started cooking , everything here was homemade , including guacamole, sour cream and tortilla
Vegetable Pakora
Veggie ramen
Steak n potatoes
Pawpaw fruit and muscadine.
Pie
Midnight snack
Smoked Meatloaf
Air Fried Salmon, Roasted Asparagus Trees, and some instant mashed Tatoes.
Lamb chops, mint pea purée, and a fig balsamic reduction
Salad Niçoise
French onion soup using homemade sourdough
Honey Butter Chicken Sandwich
simple cheeseburger
Salmon Don
Big Mac style smashburger
My  beef Wellington...seems to be a common theme this year.
Halloween Feast - Graveyard Green Beans, Shrunken Head Potatoes, Mummy Meatloaf, Snake Breadsticks
Blueberry Pie!
Harvest Pumpkin Pie
Chicken stew with herbed Yorkshires
Steak Caesar Salad
Rack of Lamb with Cabernet reduction lamb sauce.
pan pizza with olives, bacon, and basil
Vietnamese cơm cháy (savory rice crackers).
We've been loving our Ooni Koda 16
Mettwurst and eggs.
nice and dilicious!
Walnut cake with vanilla buttercream frosting
Smoked Spatchcocked Chicken
Pulled pork sandwich
stir-fry
reverse seared Rumpsteak
Cheese&amp;Doner Kebab
egg and cheese sandwich
Rice pudding
Beef and Egg burger with sweet potato.
Gingerbread Dachshunds
Glazed pork belly, cauliflower and sweet potato medley, squash purée.
Just moved. This is the best I can do to satisfy my Korean food craving.
Cheeseburger Tater Tot Bites
pumpkin oatmeal cookies
Miso Cod and radishes
Braised Beef Short Ribs with Mashed Potatoes and Vegetables
Gnocchi. Chef’s favourite.
gobhi masala Malabari paratha and dahi raita
Passion Fruit Pie!
Three Meat Pizza With Arugula &amp; Parmesan
Healthy day! Lemony Tuna Pasta Salad with Cayenne Pepper.
Hiyashi Chuuka with pickles and Chuhai cocktails.
Borneo Grilled Chicken
Vegetable snack with hummus
Popcorn with smoked salt and paprika
Gordon Ramsay Christmas Recipe: How To Make Roasted Turkey
Cashew Chicken Lettuce Wraps
Skillet breakfast with French Toast plain donuts.
Ribbon Pakoda
burnt honey and strawberry pineapple mango sorbert.
Garlic Noodles
Buttermilk Fried Chicken and Waffles w/ a Honey Sriracha Sauce and Chicken Gravy
pretty pizza pie pockets
Fried Plantains and Apple French fries.
Fried Rice with Air-Fried Tofu
Carbonara how it's supposed to be!
Corona inspired Carrot pie with raisins and pecan.
Taiwanese beef noodle soup with homemade noodles
Egg Tacos with Salsa Roja and Cotija!
Pea Pasta with Gravie and Coliflower
Suji Ka Halwa
Crab and Thai basil spring rolls with vegetables
Molletes de Antequera, hazlos en casa como los auténticos
Spinach and Chicken Lasagna
Omelette with Veggies and Bacon
Spring Onion Keema (Mince Meat) Recipe #cooking #food #howtocook
Nutella-swirled chocolate babka
Caramelized Banana and Vanilla Yogurt
Sweet Teriyaki Glazed Chicken Dinner!
Hoagie Rolls
Who know this recipe?
French Onion Soup!
Broccoli rabe, sausage and caramelized onions sandwich.
Tacos de Alambre
Just a tomato soup and a grilled cheese.
Crème Brûlée, Hope you enjoy!
Brats with kimchi and home grown corn
Old Fashioned Buttermilk Donuts
Cheesesteak and Baked Sweet Potato Fries
Fruit pizzas.
Fried plantains!
Polar bear Oreos
Poke bowls with Fresh ahi!
pie — cranberry lime with ginger snap pecan crust.
flaming hot cheeto crumbed grilled cheese toastie!
Cast iron seared Italian sausages with toasty mini potatoes, caramelized onions, sweet red peppers, corn and mushrooms
Brisket Chili 🌶
Smashburger and homemade fries
Parmesan crusted salmon and stuffed portobello
Presto chicken panini
Ribs
Croissant
Foil baked salmon and hasselback potato
Toasts with sun-dried tomatoes and chili spice
Pulled pork sliders with apple and red cabbage slaw, dill pickles, and a moonshine barbecue sauce on homemade rolls.
I think I just made a pot pie without the pot or the pie.
Chicken and Tomato Sauce on Linguine
midwestern breakfast
pizza (sourdough discard dough, half pepperoni for the boys)
Toshikoshi soba
Ramen with smoked pork belly
a German treat at a local stall 2 years ago its a pretzel inside dipped in chocolate and sprinkled nuts on top
quick pickle
Pictures From Russia Protests - The New York Times
Viral news this week: Top 10 viral videos trending online this week
Turkey dinner
Gluten Free Ramen
Spam musubi cake, seaweed and furikake layer in the middle
Lemon Curd and Cheese Danish.
- Four Seasons Pizza / Quattro Stagioni Pizza https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3bQHEMEYh-s&amp;t=9s
chicken Alfredo
Honey Lime Glazed Salmon
Carbonara...simple yet delicious
We should know what to eat in this World. I love Indian foods and what about yours???
Homemade Chicken
Buffalo chicken dip! Wish we had some tortilla chips but crackers did the job
Tri-color pasta with duck confit
Sea Bass, on top of mashed yautia and yellow potato. Also added a rustic sauce made the day before. The sauce contains reduced white wine, chopped tomatoes, cherry tomatoes, chopped shallots, and black olives.
fluffy pancakes with Nutella
bacon, egg, and cheese on bagel
Syrian food with FisharuVich {alrwabi aldemashqi}
Chinese Cornbread
breakfast McSandwiches
Chicken Salad
Mac is the Best Mac.
My first attempt making Authentic Italian Carbonara
Munching Bee Eats- ASMR -  Muffins and Cheesecake
Italian sandwich with mozzarella and 3 different meats.
Singaporean ramen
X-large pho dac biet
ı did that it is very delicious
Kajmak
Gyoza ...
meatball sub
Thánh Nấu Ăn - Món Salad Dưa Hấu Từ Hàng Nghìn Con Mắt - Crazy Chef ASMR...
Sushi Care Package For a Friend
shrimp &amp; cheesy grits
Proud of myself for actually making breakfast. May be simple, but it tastes delicious!
Spicy fried chicken sandwich
The Rib
Bacon Carbonara.
Creamy green chile seafood enchiladas
Nutritious Oatmeal Recipe
Fettuccine Alfredo with Broccoli
Black Forest Cake
Double Cheeseburger on a homemade Brioche Bun
Breakfast Crunchwraps
Black cocoa cake, chocolate buttercream, ganache.
tuna cakes, chickpea salad and dill yoghurt
Pork Teriyaki Spaghetti Stir-Fry
Egyptian stuffed pigeon
Crusty Bread
Poor Man's Prime Rib (Eye of Round) with Mustard Cream Sauce
Garlic Butter Linguine
My  grilled cheese and tomato soup for lunch
steamed black bean, garlic, ginger riblets
a fake kfc supreme sandwich!
Irish (not full Irish) fried/grilled breakfast. Poached eggs, grilled bacon&amp;tomato, fried mushrooms, homemade brown soda bread
Dinner last night: Lemon Butter Scallops with Garlic Parm Risotto and Roasted Asparagus
Matcha turtle bread with chocolate Dutch crunch shell and white chocolate filling
Scalloped potatoes with ham
soy sauce chicken
banofee pie
avocado on toast, fruit &amp; lemon and ginger tea.
Pad Thai. Needed a nice “cheer me up dinner” after a long day yesterday.
Homegrown Grapes
Lasagne
Black Forest Cake!
smoked brisket pizza
https://ift.tt/2MoWgtD
FROG JAM with my  breakfast
wagyu ribeye and potatoes with garlic and parsley
Taco Bell Crunch Wrap Copycat
Havarti bacon burger on brioche bun
Kobe beef
Citrus pork tacos
Spinach masala chicken
dark chocolate chip cookies
Do you have milk? /Make this wonderful dessert without an oven ! An incredibly creamy dessert, with milk that is very easy to prepare. You will love this wonderful dessert without oven so tasty, with just a few ingredients.
English breakfast style plate
Pan pizza w/pepperoni and banana peppers
Chinese pork belly
Tonight’s dinner: casarecce pasta with primadoro e mascarpone, topped with a sprinkle of goats cheese and some herbs picked from my little garden.
Flour filled lamb lungs dressed with hot paprika sauce. Real nomads food
Biltong (South African Jerkey)
perogies topped with butter &amp; bacon.
Check out this funny new cooking show. Found on YouTube
Masala tea recipe in Tamil|| masala chai recipe in Tamil||milk tea recipe
low-carb zoodles with pork and sage sausage meatballs, crushed whole tomato sauce with rosemary, oregano, and onion.
how mood affects food
Banana Bread
Cinnamon vanilla waffles drizzled with chocolate
Onion soup to warm up after a drooly day
I cooked a  pineapple and pepperoni pizza
walnut shrimp/orange chicken/ beef and broccoli/ chop suey/ jasmine rice
shakshuka with garlic rolls
Everything Bagel and Cream Cheese
Spiced Butternut Squash Ravioli with Brown Butter Sage Sauce
brisket
https://ift.tt/370fUnu
Mozzarella &amp; Raclette Cheese Pizza
Simple nova lox on bagel with my last yellow heirloom tomato of the season
Chilli beef and cheese pies 🥧
Nashville Hot Fried Chicken Wings.
8-Layer Honey Cake
fresh garlic naan
Banh Mi
Shark Sighting
Avocado toast with pouched egg.
SKOR cake
Pizza topped with Wagyu patty.
Homemade Kimchi, Aged Cheddar Grilled Cheese, Homemade Blue Cheese Dip with Carrots/Celery
Shrimp / Prawn Dopiaza ....
spicy chicken wings
Indian evening Snacks Puffed Rice Masala
My Recent Experiment, Savory Apple Cheese Bread with Garam Masala spiced apple filling
diced beef with rice
a different type of baklava!
Vegan Tiramisu
chipotle and touch of bittersweet chocolate chili with poblano-lime crema
This 3/4 lb. beast of a burger.
BK
Blueberry Scones with Vanilla Icing
mazesoba.
Matcha and dark chocolate macarons
Blueberry lemonade Moonshine Recipe Use Blueberry, lemons, Moonshine. HOW TO MAKE Blueberry Lemonade Moonshine: Check below for printable version of this mouth watering Blueberry Lemonade Moonshine Recipe Best Infused Moonshine with Blueberry and lemonade For All Enjoy!
(I ate) mac and cheese, cranberry, rice, and salmon my grandmother made and ignore the bread slice.
How to make the best Buffalo Chicken Dip!!!
Fried chicken sandwich
Strip steak and charred broccolini over a gruyère bechamel
Tasty &amp; Easy Way to Make Turkish Kabab
3-packet Pot Roast
I made this Turkey. I wet brined it, which it the first time I ever tried it that way, usually dry brine it. I then made a homemade compound butter and put it under its skin last night and let the skin dry over night so I’d still get some crispy skin. Cooked at 355 F till it reached 157. Rest 1hr.
12" Cast iron deep dish pizza
Ice Red Tea Honey Lemon by balloon restaurant and cafe ""
First attempt at beef Wellington! Super tasty!
Smoked Brisket with Cheddar Jalapeno Cornbread Waffle, Glazed Apricots, Spiced Honey and Cherry Jalapeno BBQ Sauce
Barbeque Beef Back Ribs
Threw down some wicked awesome Hibachi
caramelised almond dairy-free ice cream
https://ift.tt/3oLxOAf
Sheboygan Brat Cheeseburger
chicken tenders, chipotle sour cream dipping sauce, with grilled brioche!
Chicken Paprikash
Low and slow ribeye wrapped in bacon
🍎 apple cider and sage pork chops with a pan sauce, mashed potatoes, and asparagus
Modern Comfort Food: A Barefoot Contessa Cookbook (Link in comments)
Italian bread
Smoked beef short rib
Chicken tortilla soup w/ home made baked tortilla chips
panner stir fry....high protien
Cornish hen and apples brased in wine and honey with cardamom infused basmati rice
ramen
Hamburger bacon double crust Chicago deep dish pizza.
Aubergine Parmigiana
Simple yet wonderful - tilapia tacos. Also a little tomato thief in the corner :)
Deep fried oreos!
Molokhia for the Egyptian hubby not to bad for a white girl.
rump steak, pork loin filled with cheese and ham, chevapcici, raznijici, bacon, djuverice, fries, onions (cha cha relish)
peppermint hot cocoa cupcakes as a christmas gift for a friend
Veggie Burgers
Grilled Cheese with Extra-Old White Cheddar and Parmigiano Reggiano.
Cheese Toastie
Middle Eastern Inspired chickpea chicken stew, whole grain rice, pita with garlic butter and a fried egg.
Care for the some SUMAN with condense milk and cashew nuts.
Haleem
Apple Cider Donut Loaf Cake
Cheese Pierogi fried in butter with bacon
Single smash on brioche with onion, American cheese, lettuce, pickles, burger sauce, &amp; a side of tots
Edamame with shichimi togarashi and lemon/olive oil/nori dressing
Shrimp and Chicken Pad Thai
Sourdough bread, Poilâne style. Note: Sorry about the bite, couldn’t resist more.
Stuffed Bell Peppers With Ground Beef
Blueberry Cheesecake
Dinner platter with BBQ Pork Ribs, Spicy Chicken Wings, Garlic Sauce and Fries
vanilla layer cake with edible cookie dough filling
Breakfast burrito, homemade pico de gallo and guacamole
Egg salad on sourdough
My mum made me an incredible Oreo chocolate birthday cake!
https://ift.tt/2Y9dNsq
Pepperoni Chicago Deep Dish Pizza
pulled pork &amp; coleslaw topped ‘totchoes’ (tater tot nachos)
Red Braised Beef!!
Carnitas, Combos and Christmas!
Honey Nougat with dried cranberries
seafood paella
Smoked beef short rib tacos
sugar cookies
Sebi eases listing rules for large IPOs, paving way for LICs mega float - Business Standard
Orange chicken, coconut jasmine rice, in a pineapple bowl!
snowed in so i made my grandmother’s potacchio (italian braised chicken)
Grilled Vegetables
Grilled Chicken Wings
Mango Habanero Hot Sauce.
Creamy Corn Empanadas
Smoked Bacon
two ways avocado toast
Chocolate twists
Fresh Pasta
Crab legs
Sourdough and chicken noodle soup
Tankotsu Ramen with Char Siu
Thai Red Curry w/ Pan Seared Salmon
attempt at tahdig w/ meatless “kofta”
Funny ASMR - Stop Motion Videos Compilation # Funny Cooking Videos
scrambled egges mixed with bacon and cheese
Christmas charcuterie board!
gyoza with wings
Chive Pork and shrimp potstickers
Chicken soup
Everything bread my partner made
Pumpkin and Cream Cheese Cake
Stuffed Veal chop with garlic mash
Cabbage Pudding
Sirloin steak, mushroom vermouth pan sauce, creamed spinach and quintuple cooked chips.
Quince crumble tart
STROMBOLI. 1. Kielbasa, mushroom, and roasted red pepper with sharp cheddar. 2. Zucchini, mushroom, asparagus, and spinach with mozzarella.
Muffin for breakfast, my first strike.
Grilled Marinated Pork &amp; Vegetable Kebab
Burger on a fresh sourdough brioche bun
I made those dirty dogs from Chef (the TV show).
Download Instant Courier Delivery Services App, Best Courier Delivery Company in Delhi NCR | SwingIt ""
Vietnamese meatball lettuce wraps, with lime and serano rice, and Rainier beer in a Leinenkugel glass
Turkey, Spinach, and Cheese Omelette
Roasted Cornish hens, redkim potatoes, mixed vegetables.
A Cheesesteak
Applesauce Bread Using Apple Cider Pomace
Fresh pumpkin tagliatelle with pumpkin and gorgonzola sauce, decoration made with pumpkin seeds and skin
blueberry muffins. I had to sample a couple before I knew they were picture-worthy
I tried to not just eat Nutella with a spoon but instead be ✨healthy✨so  it with strawberries 🌝😅
Carrot and Ginger Cake with Cream cheese frosting, topped with candied ginger and roasted walnuts
Pork Chop and Potatoes
Chile Rellenos
Vinschgerl bread, very aromatic
Snake Cake for #5GBakeOff
Mango salad on vermicelli with tenderloin and shrimpIndia vs England, 1st Test: Shane Warne Questions England's Approach In Chennai Test - NDTVSports.com
Pistachio shortbread with dark chocolate and sea salt
Pho 🍜😋
Angel Hair with Cherry Tomatoes and Basil
Chickpea Tikka Masala
Pumpkin Tortelli In Butter Sage Sauce With Fig Purée
Spicy Chicken Biscuit with White Cheddar Mac &amp; Cheese!
Chilly Potato
https://ift.tt/2Y4SuID
Pozole Roja
Chickpeas
Nachos with bacon, ground beef, queso, cheddar, refried beans, pickled jalapeños, tomato, sour cream, onion, chipotle salsa and cilantro.
Peanut Butter Chocolate Chips Cookies
doner kebab
Beef pho!
Christmas gifts for our neighbours
Chocolate Christmas Cookies | Vegan | Gluten free
RE: Pizza Rollups
triple berry baklava, strawberry shortcake, triple berry panna cotta
Pork and Egg breakfast
I made an omelet
Had to cook some Tortilla de Las Patatas for a Spanish project. What do you guys think?
Orange Chicken on sticky rice.
Rainbow farfalle pasta tossed with olive oil, bell peppers and blanched asparagus
Cheeseburger with Spicy Mayo
Prime rib with mashed potato’s and au jus.
my first basque cheese cake with blueberries
chili verde
World’s Largest Insect Protein Farm Signals Future Of Food Supply - Forbes
a chocolate completely home made! 🍫
Large breakfast to push me through the day. Organic eggs, sauteed onion, mushroom and red pepper, fresh spinach and tomatoes, beans and rice.
Butternut Squash Tart
Marinated Chuck Roast, Penne Marsala, and a Green Salad :D
I tried to make a cake but failed.
Gregg's sausage, cheese and bean melt
Chocolate Chunk pancakes and Bacon.
Chilaquiles and Elote with Avocado
Thai Red Curry Mussels (Chem Dawg Infused)
Not so instant ramen.
Buttermilk fried chicken sandwich and grilled asparagus
pear cranberry tart
Oven-baked salmon, fresh basil pesto, cherry tomatoes and marinated almond-filled olives in a french baguette.
Caesar chicken, potatoes and carrots
Stuffed Pepperoni Pizza
3 tier spiced apple pie cake
our local Chinese mom n pop - beef broccoli, pork lo mein, pork fried rice, honey chicken.
grilled naan
Beef Potroast
deep fried panko crusted black pudding, hash browns, sauerkraut and horseradish sauce
Copycat Cheesecake Factory Louisiana Chicken Pasta
Chicken, shrimp &amp; andouille sausage gumbo
Blueberry muffins with streusel 🫐
Fruit tart with kiwi and pomegranate seeds and glazed with fresh plum jam.
Burrito/salad bowl
lobster topped filet, twice baked potato, and asparagus.
Blue Hopi brown butter cornbread
SushiStrategies for Navigating a Complicated Packaging Marketplace - Total Food Service
Smoked Topside!
Pepperoni/Pulled Pork Cast Iron Pizza
Experimental Sandwiches
Sausage and jalapeño cream cheese-stuffed portobello mushroom with seared brussel sprouts and butter-braised scallops
Fafda
Blueberry stuffed french toast. Good morning!
duck / hokkaido squash / coffee / matcha
vietnamese pizza
Fajitas - surf and turf
Spinach and Mushroom Quiche with Goat Cheese and Feta
Chicken Gravy Curry/Restaurant Style Chicken Curry
The Best Airpods Pro Cases - Inverse
Croatian strukli (cheese filled pastry)
Schezwan Sauce
Broccoli, Cheddar &amp; Potato soup bread bowl
a chef salad?
Breakfast poutine
Suggestive pumpkin cupcakes
Bratwurst stuffed pork loin, Spatzle, Blue Kraut and mushroom gravy.
Peanut Butter Mousse Crunch Cake w/ Chocolate Ganache
Chicken Curry with Veg
Chocolate citrus cassata cake with orange ricotta filling, chocolate ganache, and pistachio praline.
French style duck confit bao
chili with Turkish bread.
California Omelette with pepperjack cheese
21-layer lasagna
a Danish kringle
Chicken Biscuits
rib eye roast. Feeding the hood.......the neighborhood.
tamales! Better than store-bought.
s’mores tart
Garlic Bread
Bao bun tacos.
look at this  lasagn
Buy spices online - best price in India - SpicyLane.com pro
On Valentine's Day, this Shoe Store Owner Came Up With an Unique Advertisement | Watch Viral Video - India.com
pregnancy steak salad. with pasteurized feta, over done steak (counting down the months to being able to have medium rare again) avocado, broccolini, and a citrus vinaigrette. Honestly, it was so random but came together nicely.
Fried Chicken 🍗
Rack of lamb, with parsley/lemon/panko crust, over garlic mashed potatoes and seasoned green beans.
cheesecake
Omelette du Fromage
From a Bakery : A lemon meringue revisited in eclair.
Rajma Chawal with Cucumber Salad
Chicken Lasagna
Slice of Pecan Pie Cheesecake
High Hydration Whole Wheat Sourdough
banana pancakes with canadian maple syrup
Spicy black bean veggie burger with sliced american cheese on a pita
Dunkin’ Donuts employee in viral video showing him throw food as waste fired as he 'gave it to the homeless' - MEAWW
grilled things.
Minestrone soup
bread tost
Decided to give this a shot but only had fingerling.
Giant Arancini Ball with Balsamic Vinegar Glaze
Cheese and fruits platter
Chicken Sandwich with Maple Buffalo Sauce
crispy pork, beef brisket, and sticky rice.
Blue Ramen
Chicken Alfredo Pizza
yes.it’s cake.
The "Too poor for take-out" dual burgers and fries
French Onion Beef Noodle Soup
Garlic oregano focaccia
Mesquite Smoked Pork Butt Full 8 hours
chicken masala
tomato fusilli with fried eggplants and grated aged ricotta
Pommes Anna
Best Indian Foods You Need to Try
steak , potato pie , sweet potatoes and spinach .
Pan seared yellowfin tuna with oven baked kumara fries
Free Xbox Gift Card Codes Generator
Seared duck with sweet potato purée for dinner.
traditional dutch pastry called 'oliebol'. Its basically a deep fried doughnut ball which we eat around new year.
Choripan whit french fries
beautiful Christmas cookies 🎄❤️
Fresh baked Banh Mi With crispy pork belly, pickled cabbage and onions, radishes, Thai basil, and jalapeños. Topped with Vietnamese hot sauce.
Korean Spicy Stir Fried Pork and Kimchi, Cutlass Fish, and Spinach Soybean Paste Soup With Assorted Banchan
Blue cheese burger ona sweet bun with chipotle aioli, caramelized onions, sweet peppers and portobello mushrooms..
Egg benedict, cream cheese, salmon, capers and homemade hollandaise
Double Gouda Mushroom Burger with hand cut fries and coke
French Onion soup
Tuna Steak with Spring Salad
Chicken fried chicken
a non traditional jambalaya pasta. Andouille sausage, chicken breast, and massive shrimp in a spicy creole sauce over penne past I usually don’t toot my own horn (lies), but I knocked this one out of the ball park.
Air fryer pretzel bites
Mixed Chowmein Noodles
Spaghetti squash and sweet Italian sausage in a sage brown butter sauce with sides of braised carrots and purple fingerling sweet potatoes
Risotto salmon and zucchini
Air fryer donuts
Butter chicken!
15 minutes and some ingredients provides 225% of the daily RDI for vita...
Fresh pasta lasagna
Pepperoni and sun dried tomato pizza
GF baked me a flourless chocolate cake!
Smoked Pumpkin Spice Banana Bread with Pumpkin Spice Cream Cheese Frosting. Bread made with Sam Adams Jack-O Pumpkin Ale.
Crème Brûlée
Steamed Ribs, Oil Pasta and Risotto
Double beef bacon cheddar cheese burger with the works.
Stout cooked Brisket chili
Cinnamon Sugar Pie Dough Scraps
Fragrant Zanzibar curry with lime rice
steak mashed potatos mushrooms and fried egg by me (steak was medium rare)
This is  I wrote these tags because it wont let me post if i dont write it
Stove Grilled Chicken
Chargrilled Boneless Chicken Thighs
pigs in a blanket
gnocchi with brown butter, garlic, and chive sauce topped with Parmesan and bacon, charred green beans on the side
Salmon cooked en papillote with garlic herb compound butter and lemon, with a side of sautéed asparagus and mushrooms
Tuna cake salad with a pesto vinaigrette.
Chocolate croissants... I’m just learning but I’m getting better at it.👍
Chicken and sausage gumbo!
Pink Valentine’s Day Cinnamon Rolls
My  roast dinner, never done before :)
apple cider and sage pork chops with a pan sauce, mashed potatoes, and asparagus
pasta w/ shrimp and chicken in a cajun vodka sauce and smashed potatoes
A lil brownie bottom cheesecake topped with caramel
Banana bread with almond crust topping
Baked Cannellini Beans
varieties of paan
Mac and Cheese following recipe from Binging with Babish
Black burger
Mushroom Wellington
Chocolate Fruit Tart 🍫
short ribs, over mashed with roasted veggies and a horseradish creme fraiche sauce.
Porridge with Banana, berries, honey and an assortment of seeds/nuts
My best Pizza yet!
Korean Hot Dogs at ChungChun Rice Hotdog in Flushing, NY.
Falafal bowls
Ciabatta (high altitude)
Macarons
Leek fritters with a garlic lemon cream fit for Hanukkah or whenever you’re craving fried green deliciousness

Beef Wellington (Gordon Ramsay recipe)
Newari khaja set
Chicken shish and side dish.
Cinnamon Babka
IPL 2021: How Royal Challengers Bangalore's Auction Strategy For Steve Smith Worked Just As They Pla.. - NDTVSports.com
Bread art focaccia!
pho - brisket, tripe, beef chuck, beef balls
Cranberry Almond Cake
New Years Eve charcuterie for two
Smoked Turkey sandwich young guns style
Fudge and macadamia nut cookies.
Dessert Pizza - Nutella Marshmallow Dessert Pizza Recipe!
Chicken Tikka Masala with garlic naan
Hotpot
Duck Carbonara
Banana Split
Made  NY style cheesecake and chocolate cake with chocolate mousse!
Tuna and Salmon Sashimi and Chirashi Bowls
Cacio e Pepe pizza with a yolky egg
Blinis 4-ways: cold smoked salmon &amp; creme fraiche/dille | BBQ ribs &amp; garlic sauce | Indonesian Saté &amp; peanut sauce | Chicken katsu &amp; mango chutney
merengue roulade with strawberry
Chipotle bacon corn bread over chili
some steamed pork soup dumplings tonight and loved it!!!
Spaghetti with infused olive oil, duck prosciutto, and roasted Brussels sprouts.
simple cookie dough all different kinds
Ragù Bolognese on big rigs
Ribeye, egg, mushrooms, and onions
Waiting for my banana pancakes!
Chicken a la King on Sourdough Toast
Momotabi’s Oreo mochi
Pizza Marinara
mushroom lasagna
Fluffy pancakes
Baklava Cheesecake
Saag Paneer and Butter Chicken
Poke Bowl with Three Kinds of Poke, Cucumber Kimchi, Mac Salad.
Chocolate spritz cookies with ALL of the spranks: A family Christmas tradition!
PB&amp;J Hamentaschen
Lasagna
food tech best book
pork belly and shrimp spring rolls
Hummus Bilahm
Pomfret cooked in Coconut milk Kerala ( India) inspired Dish
lasagna  Hot Chocolate Bombs
Holiday treat box: lemon curd Linzer cookies, peppermint fudge, and peanut pretzel maple toffee
Bun Rieu
Brown butter Madeleines
3 lbs of mud bugs
Marinara Sauce
Steak Frites
Roast turkey with mash potatoes and gravy
Spicy prawns with cilantro
Parmesan Crusted Grilled Cheese for Lunch
This Pretzel
Carrot Cake with Cream Cheese Frosting
Classic Baked Ziti
Beans, Croutons and Fried courgette in a Hollowed Tiger Bread Slice
Roasted tomato soup
Delicious Sauteed Mushrooms
New York strip lomo saltado
Bánh Mì Thịt Nướng
Maryland Jumbo Lump Crab Cakes
Gizzard Coleslaw
swedish cake
Garlicky stuffed mushrooms!
making a creme brûlée without a blow torch!
Roasted wild goose and root vegetables with gravy and citrus salad
Thanksgiving hors d'oeuvre spread
Pimped-Up Korean Instant Noodles
cheesecake with strawberry topping
pumpkin-mascarpone cheesecake pie with a sugar cookie crust
Creamy Chicken Marsala
Pumpkin cream soup with shrimp and mushroom.
Spaghetti &amp; meatballs
challah French toast, mixed berry compote, dusted powered sugar
Pizza Caprese
Assorted platter
bread rolls with bacon bits
How do you like your Jr Chimkens?  two of these bad boys for lunch today!
Connecticut-Style Lobster Rolls
mini fig tarts
Fig creme brûlée
Halloween cupcakes
Korean BBQ Skewers, Fried Rice and some local beer.
Steak Alfredo sauce corn and baby portabella mushrooms
SpaceX launches 143 satellites, breaks world space record - Times of India
Blueberry chocolate cake
Fantastic Almond Cake-Almond Cake With Savoy-Recipe For Easy Almond Cake
Wontons in peanut sauce
Salted caramel cupcakes
I Found a paprika in my paprika.
Banh mi
Blueberry pavlova
Giant skillet “latke” with smoked trout and wasabi yoghurt.
I made a beef chimichanga
Eggs benedict with hollandaise sauce
Chicken Enchiladas
Tapas
Jimmy John's Perks
RibEye with chili, garlic and thyme!
Chicken and veggie mix pasta
Wagyu Filet and Garlic Parmesan Broccoli Rabe
Caramel pudding
Honey chicken
baked stuffed chicken breast
Brunch Tostado
Mexican Avo Toast
Truffle Burger
Mackerel marinated and watercress yuzu coulis
In Asian catering
Sourdough chocolate babka with a Buddha's hand glaze
Halloween Buffalo Chicken Dip (RECIPE PROVIDED BY TASTY)

Sweet Potato Casserole
Scuffed Shrimp Po Boys
Lemon poppy blueberry muffins
Chinese black bean noodles
spaghetti and venison meatballs
Fries
bagels 🥯 Perhaps I overproofed?
Mexican stuffed peppers
falafel
Stuffed portobello mushrooms.
Okonomiyaki-Style Brussels Sprouts
Pumpkin latte. Used homemade pumpkin butter, oat milk, pure maple syrup, cinnamon.
5 inch Potato Buns
Sesame-Chicken with broccoli
Loaded jalapeño fries with a roasted red pepper and chicken sourdough pizza.
Reindeer tenderloin with red cabbage, caramelized potatoes, celeriac puree, honey roasted carrots and blackberry jus
Country Captain Chicken over coconut rice
Pork neckbone soup n noodles
Italian "ciambellone"
Chicken Shashlik with Rice.
Texas themed sugar cookies
potato pancake with smoked salmon and fixings.
taiyaki
This is an egg
Cumin lamb stir fry, traditional Chinese dish!
Palabok noodles with crab paste and chicharon
Lengua and chorizo tacos with a coke from Mexico.
- fried rice with lapcheong (Chinese cured sausage) and gai lang
pancakes with cottage cheese 🧀😋
BBQ Cheeseburger Pizza
spicy salmon and mango inside out rolls
Roasted butternut squash soup, topped with Feta and extra bacon
Wedding soup
at TC! https://www.quikly.com/taco-cabana/s/VDLXaypM
Shitake risotto with pan-seared flat iron steak, truffle scallops, and foie gras with orange butter
Homemade lemon drizzle cake with candied lemons
Shrimp and Broccoli in a ginger/garlic sauce over brown rice.
Original Moroccan Barley Soup Belboula
Simple Matzo pizza
beef short ribs over parsnip puree.
My version of the McRib. Real pork ribs, bones pulled out, long sliced pickled, hot chilli pickled onions on a Turkish Jalapeno roll.
Garlic and Onion Potato Skillet with shredded Gouda and Mozzarella cheese! And a hamburger patty.
Queso Fresco Stuffed figs wrapped in bacon. Served with a side of apple. Freshly picked off the tree
Gnocchi in beef ragu with fresh basil and rocket.
carpaccio sandwich
Christmas Salmon (honey garlic glaze, cranberry and pomegranate tapenade)
Maritozzo
fresh pasta, bechamel, 3 cheese lasagne bolognese
buche de Noel
oatmeal porridge
Singapore chili crab
me trying to hold myself together after i promised not to over react anymore
Apple and Date Tart Tatin with Cardamon.
Who said you can’t play with your food?
Noodle Salad with Mushroom and Cashew Laab
Chicken Tortilla Soup
Wapiti elk steak with quinoa chickpea salad
Teriyaki Spam fried rice
chilaquiles with purple cabbage slaw
This care package from New Orleans
this sausage, meatball, onion, and garlic pizza
10 in Japanese Street Food
Coconut chickpea curry
Clementine Paddleford: food writer, world traveler, hometown gal - Manhattan Mercury
double smashed cheeseburger
Bourbon Caramel Bread Pudding
this hamburger with ghost pepper cheese 🧀.
Lasagna w/ meat sauce and ricotta
Pan seared chicken, pork, and apple smoked sausages.
Breakfast of champions. Let’s do a weekend
Deep fried egg modified ramen
shallot and porcini risotto w garlic shrimp
Chocolate cake. Flourless and sugar free.
Eggs, bacon, and garlic cheese knots
White Chicken Chili
300 fillet (MB 2+) steak with chips and creamy garlic sauce
Soyaki salmon with potstickers and cabbage stir fry.
Cheeseburger egg rolls with Big Mac sauce
I like cheese.
Smoked Plate Short Ribs.
Smoked beef short ribs.
Katsu Curry with Cauliflower Nuggets
Peli Peli South African Kitchen -South African Curry Chicken
This chocolate and avocado Pudding Is Tasty, Healthy
Curry Jack-o-lantern burger
smashed new potatoes with Béarnaise sauce
Chicken marsala, mushroom risotto, and roasted asparagus
Spanish Paella
Chille con Carne Tacos
This delicious food my mom cooked up for us :)
Onion Rings
Taiwanese snow ice dessert
CA BBQ Tri Tip
Tried making something new
Margherita pizza with prosciutto 😋
Mustard Soda (I drank isn't an available tag?)
Who needs oven mitts when you have 💎👐? (@stephsmacarons)
Salted Caramel Peanut Butter Cake (10 mg Chem Dawg)
cheese sticks from Little Caesar’s
Pizza with homemade mozzarella, guanciale and italian sausage
Pickle Pizza
Chicken Burrito Bowl
PUMPKIN PANCAKES made from pancake mix base
Ginger Garlic Noodle Soup with Chicken.
Sticky Toffee Pudding (Toffee Sauce not in Pic)
Cilantro-Lime Chicken Panini on Ciabatta with Avocado and Salsa
This is a Brownie Lasagna I photographed. I can’t be satisfied enough. 🤤
nutella muddy buddies
Sourdough bread loaf
Double Egg a Muffin with Jimmy Dean Sausage
President Biden’s second big bill may be China package pushed by top Senate Democrat - The Washington Post
baked ziti
#Brownies
throwback to Halloween: A vegan pumpkin dish with a potato curry fill on the right; and a fresh fig salad on the left.
Biscoff truffles
Pear Almond Tart
Smoked Meatloaf. Dead meat!
WEIRD FOOD COMBINATIONS!!
chinese Stir Fried Niao Gao Rice Cake
shrimp pasta
Carnita with mango salsa and guacamole
Filipino Deep Fried Pork Belly (Lechon Kawali)
Simple Spaghetti Carbonara Recipe How to Make Spaghetti Quick &amp; Easy(Italian Pasta Dish) By Hart TV
Potato Leek Soup with Smoked Salmon
1 month aged steak
Apple crumble for Canadian thanksgiving!
chocolate babka
banana nut bread muffin
dutch pancake with leek bacon brie gouda cheese ham
Lemon shrimp wraps and sweet potatoes fries
Louisiana Shrimp
A triple-decker sandwich called the Mallorquina with a side of prawns
chicken empanadas
Soft Pretzels!
Sweet &amp; Sour Stuffed Cabbage Rolls
Yellowtail Kingfish Nigiri
Squid ink cuttlefish pasta &amp; shrimp pasta - Venice.
Chocolate recipes from Martha Stewart for V-Day! 😍
This is my perfect pizza
Breakfast Platter
Pistachio and white chocolate macarons.
salted honey almonds w belgium chocolate chips
char-boo-trie board
Pesto pasta
Honey Garlic &amp; BBQ Wings
Đa phần các dòng máy thái thịt hiện nay đều gặp phải vấn đề về việc vệ sinh và tốn chi phí sửa chữa do lưỡi dao không thể tháo rời ra khỏi máy. Máy thái thịt thay được lưỡi dao QX 250 chính là giải pháp cho khó khăn trên của các cơ sở chế biến thịt, chế biến đồ ăn. QX
SANGRÍA And SPANISH TAPAS That Are Easy To Make! "" recipe
Floral chocolate cupcakes for Valentine’s Day
Chocolate Crepe W/ Bananas, Caramel Pecan sauce and whipping cream.
Roast leg of lamb, sautéed carrots and pea pods and chips with homemade gravy and beetroot chutney
Steak
NY style &amp; Neapolitan style pizzas
Paan Laddu Recipe | Paan Ladoo in 10 min | पान के इतने स्वादिष्ट लड्डू जो आपने कभी नहीं खाये होंगे |
Red Velvet Cheesecake
Oven-roasted Prime Rib
Deep Dish Casserole. (Or pizza if you are from the Midwest)
Haidilao yesterday and thought I would have the same thing as the ones in Shanghai .... but reality is different Haidilao in shanghai v.s Haidilao in London 🤣🤣🤣
Biden resets his own Covid goalposts at CNN town hall - POLITICO
Chinese Hot Pot (Szechuan style)
Grilled prime ribeye cap
Tom Yum
Kimchi jjigae with tuna &amp; mushrooms + pickled garlic on the side
Chocolate mousse
CHICKEN CURRY | SIMPLE &amp; EASY CHICKEN CURRY FOR BEGINNERS |
New York strip, garlic mushrooms, blistered jalapeno, fresh-picked sweet corn, baked potato, and grilled rustic baguette with sharp cheddar and pickled peppers.
two bowls of 'mic drop' ramen
a variety of donuts
Hand pulled noodles with a sesame miso sauce!
Apple and candied walnut hand pies with vanilla frosting and caramel drizzle
"triple chocolate" cheesecake
Bibimbap with Chicken and Marinated Shiitake Mushrooms
tikka masala made. We are Hispanic and trying to experiment with different foods from other cultures.
Christmas ham was a success! Any ideas for all the leftovers?
Idli fry
Spinach based moss-cake with fruits
Pork ramen
Char Sieu (roast red pork) yummy!
butter chicken with garlic naan
Lamb Shoulder Steak with Garlic and Fresh Herbs Roasted on a Bed of Potatoes
Fried Chicken Burgers
Salted peanut butter s’mores
spinach quiche
Lamb with beet and artichoke salad
pineapple and red cherries cake.
whole wheat pancake
F.R.I.E.N.D.S Moist Maker turkey Sandwich!
Dumplings 🥟 In A Ziploc &amp; Cuties for #Thanksgiving2020
Grilled Cheese - Provolone, colby, and colby jack on Multigrain
malloreddus with spicy lamb n vegetables sauce
BBQ chicken
Omelet with left over bibimbap
Fruit platter
“” I made a simple white sandwich loaf. These are fresh out of the oven and brushed with some butter.
Humburger Burger
Sausage and mushroom pie
Escapadas cerca de Madrid para el fin de semana
Smoked brisket &amp; smoked mac n cheese
Chinese honey sesame chicken on white rice
crispy baked potatoes
Orange Chicken and Rice
Salmon and veggies for dinner !
Bacon wrapped asparagus and on-choy with garlic.
Chik-Fil-A Sandwich
Poutine French Fries Beef Gravy White Chedder Cheese Curds
a W meal 🤤
Duck and Bok Choy Soup
Spicy soft shell tacos
Feta Cheese Pasta
spicy ranch salad with grilled chicken thighs
Lamb Kebab Burger
A cake using only leftovers from the holidays ...
Bacon wrapped sausage with egg and cheddar cheese cooked in it
2.7lb ribeye, cast-iron seared with butter, thyme, rosemary, garlic, kosher salt, and toasted/freshly crushed black pepper.
walleye chowder with bacon wrapped trout
Swiss Miss
Japanese Shabu Shabu
Black Garlic Chocolate Mousse w/ Smoked Paprika Whipped Cream
Friend pan fried a Ribeye Steak and a breast of a Sandhill Crane
won ton soup
Spicy  Pork Adobo Recipe With Hard Boiled Eggs
Zucchini “pasta” &amp; pesto
Chicken Ramen.
Calabasitas and Red Chile Rub Pork Butt Steak
Cornbread w/ Brown Butter, Honey and Rosemary
Eggs in a basket
Green Bean Casserole
https://ift.tt/3oXI1KU
Biscuits and homemade sausage gravy
caramel sheet cake
Pumpkin Oat Muffins
achiote roasted cauliflower • house made lardo • crispy white sonoran wheat berries • cilantro oil
Sour dough bread
Burger with smoked Gouda, hickory bacon, and smoked pulled pork on a brioche bun
McDonald's China Hurts Customers with "Oreo Spam Burger"
Rice Vermicelli with S. Indian Seasonings
Pear Skillet Cake
Bruschetta
Chicken Fried Broccoli/Cauliflower Rice
NY Strip Steak &amp; Garlic Shrimp.
Duck breast with mango sauce and pumpkin purée
cherry pie!
chicken pot pie with vegetables.
Spring Rolls for Chinese New Year!!
Sicilian style Pizza baked on Etna Volcano's stone
Sundays are for  brisket
Slow Cooked Chicken Cacciatore and Goats Cheese (Warning 50p Garlic Bread)
Everything &amp; Poppy Seed Bagels
Mini Oreo cheesecakes
Egg Salad Sandwich
this potted meat + uncooked ramen sandwich
Balsamic roast Brussel sprouts, black pudding, roast celeriac, crispy potato skin, roast garlic jam
Salmon Onigiri
Double-marinated Fried Chicken
Typical Panamanian breakfast
Hello Reddit! We're four students from college and we have been given an assignment to collect data about populace interest on a business idea we have to come up with! Our current idea revolves around allergin free  foods! We'd love if you filled our poll and helped us out!
maple bacon and lime flavored cupcakes
How to make cheese
Samosas!!
butter-free walnuts chocolate chip cookies
Mezze
Indonesian/Dutch Spare Ribs in a blood orange, soy marinade.
Apple Danishes with Homemade Puff
Tacos de Birria
Maple syrup and orange zest breakfast sausages with blueberry waffles
penne alla vodka
I made this burger, the buns are store bought. Grass-fed hand formed patty, cheddar, fried egg, red onion, lettuce, tomato, aioli and mashed avocado.
Thủ tục đăng ký giấy phép kinh doanh quán trà sữa
BBQ is meant for sharing. Stay social with flavours from all around the world.
brown butter dark chocolate chip cookies
Hibachi
chicken tikka masala, saffron rice and naan!
Pasta al Forno (Pasta Bake) with rigatoni and Impossible Meat Bolognese
Maki roll and salad
Sliced Pie
Dynamite Shrimp
Low-Gluten Spelt Bread
Pretzel Sticks
BBQ from Blood Bros in Houston, Tx
Chocolate chip cookies
a perfect Christmas breakfast
5 easy healthy food recipes
Spooky pumpkin cake with homemade cranberry jam and fondant
Carne asada tacos with a tomatillo salsa
Classic Beef Wellington!
18oz Kona Rubbed NY Strip Steak with South African Lobster Tail.
Italian salad with mozzarella and bread
Apple Lattice Pie and Pumpkin Pie with Crisco and Butter Crust
Italian almond biscuits (Ricciarelli)
sandwich.
Roast Chicken with Smashed Baby Potatoes and Root Vegetables
Steak and potatoes with carrots and chimichurri
Greek lemon baked fish
Birthday cake...
Grilled Marinated Chicken with Rice and Cucumbers
crab cakes and remoulade
Mushroom &amp; Herb Shepherd's Pie
Sourdough Biscuits with a Hot Honey Drizzle
Beef Wellington served with Maple Glazed Globe Carrots and Steamed Broccolini
kabobs - al pastor
I just had this and it seriously made me reevaluate life. This is so freaking good I had to share! If you every had the cookie then prepare for some die-a-beet-us in a jar lol
beef pho
Cauliflower cheese pasta
4 Pepper Chicken Soup w/ Rice
HAWAIIAN STYLE SAIMIN! This is how I make delicious Hawaiian Style Saimin!
Halloween sugar cookies
Rate my cup noodles
Charcoal grilled tri-tip
vegan burger with jackfruit “bacon” and cashew “cheese” &amp; loaded fries with “cheese” and “bacon”
Eggs Bennidict
Turkey Meatball Tortellini Soup with Spinach
Tostadas de Ceviche de Camaron
Spaghetti with homemade Sauce
Need help identifying a dish! Should be Caribbean or Latin American.
assorted holiday snacks. Merry Christmas!
Grilled chicken thighs with chilli oil, soy sauce and other spices
Beet carpaccio with spherified "yolk", almond feta, beet green salad, and a chive vinaigrette
Mexican Food with homemade tortillas
Link to Panera
Mini Pancakes
fish and chips
Chocolate Cookie Ice Cream Cake with Dulce de Leche Bananas
Tried baking a blueberry pie. Thanks, Mr. Babish!
basque burnt cheesecake
French Toast Roll Ups
Coney Dogs
Fig and Cider Pork Chops
Butter Chicken and Garlic Naan w/ Pickled Onions
Chicken Noodle Soup
Roast potatoes with garlic and thyme
Toasted Walnut Buttermilk Waffles
Chocolate sprinkle donut
Viral Video: Ondo AG orders discontinuation of suit against Fagboyegun - Vanguard
Milkbar Strawberry Shortcake Cake
Sandwich Loaf
fruit tarts with creme pat
Authentic Pad Thai
Dirty Q-Tips
Taiyaki
Talkin' bout the highway to the calzone-zone
. Madhur Jaffrey’s chicken biryani.
birthday cake
Potato and Quesillo Flautas
Bhajiya / Pakora / Onion Fritters
Ciopinno...Crab, clam, mussel, scallop, shrimp and cod.
bacon egg &amp; cheddar/avocado everything bagel with sliced banana
my take on a philly cheese steak with a smoke eye fillet
Jumbo Shrimp and veggie cake
cheesy rolled egg Korean style
Lasagna : duck fat noodles, calabrian chili bechamel, sausage red sauce, toasted oyster mushroom &amp; zukes, mozz, provolone, pecorino
Bossche Bollen - Dutch Chocolate cream puffs
Fried mortadella grilled cheese
Leek quiche
breakfast for dinner at 8 pm.
Cinnamon, brown sugar, apple, and walnut sauteed and mixed into a spaghetti squash and topped with a Greek yogurt, goat cheese, honey, and cinnamon whip.
Chicken Tikka Masala + naan breads
Smoked Yorkshire Wagyu Brisket, Central Texas Style.
Focaccia with rosemary, garlic and red onion.
Chicken fajitas!
Blackened shrimp and lemon shallot cream sauce fettuccine
pizza
Chicken cutlet with ricotta gnocchi
Roasted Lamb Chops with Hasselback Potato and Honey Dijon and Parmesan Creme Sauce
Crispy Veggie spring rolls, Veggie Pad Thai, Spicy Falafel Wrap, Chicken &amp; Fried Potatoes, Fish and Pork Tacos, along with a beer!
https://ift.tt/3thhNFY
gluten free pancakes with canadian maple syrup!
Mojo Pork Shoulder
chicken stir-fry
Smoked chicken taco platter with quac, pico, and chili pepper sour cream.
Buffalo Wings with ranch
Sausage and Rapini pizza
My best  stake
Potato leek soup
Toasted Almond White Chocolate Reese's Cookie bar with a Graham Cracker Bottom
pineapple fried rice
this chicken wing? Is this bad?
salmon sandwich with avocado and radish
Bacon Wrapped Hot Pocket
Venison roast and roasted veggies
beef stew, millet, spicy cornishons
Fire roasted salmon, rosemary roast potatoes, green beans, white wine sauce
Viral TikTok Video of Spooky Mirror Sparks 'Candyman' Comparisons - Newsweek
bean burger, chips and garlic pan fried mushrooms
but not really. Grilled a T-bone steak, then basted in a skillet with garlic and rosemary.
Cherry Smoked Salmon
I made a cornucopia
Carne Asada steak salad with jalepeño cilantro lime dressing
(Homemade) Mongolian Beef
Potato soup for Christmas Eve dinner!
Freshly Baked Honey Maple Buttered Bread/Rolls!
cookies and cream cupcakes with a little Oreo inside.
Chicken Parmesan ❤️
Pumpkin Oregano-Butter Gnocchi
Steak and Chips with chimichurri sauce
Country style breakfast with cheesy grits
Baked salmon &amp; zucchini with shrimp and golden potatoes
Eating Fruits As Dessert? Healthy Or Unhealthy? Celeb Nutritionist Pooja Makhija Reveals
wholewheat Einkorn and wholewheat spelt sourdough
chocolate cake
Devilled Crab Stuffed Baby Portobello Mushrooms
Chapati and Cauliflower
Miso soy glazed Chilean Sea Bass
Blueberry, nuts, almond milk oatmeal
madeleines today!
Raw Minced Pork on Rolls with Onions, Salt and Pepper
Caramel Apple cheesecake with alcohol infused green apples and real vanilla beans.
Fresh fruit tarts
braised short ribs with garlic mashed potatoes.
Seedcake and Coffee inspired by The Hobbit.
Thyme and Salt seared Ribeye medium Rare and Eggs over-easy with fresh Avocado
Open-faced brunch sandwich:smoked salmon, hummus, red onion, and capers) w/ spicy eggs
Spicy Korean Fried Chicken with Steamed Rice and Sautéed Bok Choy
Ribeye, Roasted Asparagus &amp; Tomatoes, Potatoes
DUCK SKIN
lemon and raspberry birthday cake
late night green pozole 🥴
steak and roasted brussel sprouts
How To Make Chicken Fajitas
Admittedly not the prettiest picture but good nonetheless
Pan seared tuna with light soy and sesame oil over brussel sprouts with mushrooms, onion, garlic, and jalapeños.
beef ramen w. Noodles, baked tomatoes, spinach, spring onion and egg
Arepas de choclo
Felt like pork chops tonight. It’s been a while since we last had them and I wanted to share. Juicy, but needed a better sear.
everything and sesame bagels
- Sweet potato/shitake mushroom sushi
Diet Cookie 😭
Chicken gyozas
Chicken Fried steak with jalapeño gravy
French Baguette With Chicken Mushroom Topped With Lettuce And Mayonnaise
Southern fried Pork Chop with Sweet and spicy honey drizzle, Side Caesar and Sweet potato mash
Our daughter pulled a knife on the hired princess at her 3rd birthday party.
And drank a Seafood and bacon Bloody Mary
Fried Egg and Tomato Buckwheat Bowl
Cayenne Pepper Seasoning
Duck confit with rice which was made with chicken stock. I was making this duck for 6+ hours ☺️
Slow Cooker Beef Carnitas
Stranger Things sugar cookies
rice cake and mandu ramen with Kimchi.
Garlic-Shallot seared sirloin w/ cheesy scalloped potatoes &amp; balsamic vinegar Brussel sprouts
Pancakes &amp; Maple Syrup
Maine Lobster Roll
Eggs Benedict
Grilled Buffalo Chicken Sliders
Gently roasted tuna with foie gras and pumpkin sauce
toasted sandwich with turkey breast, Monterey Jack cheese and fried egg on the outer layer
Brioche French Toast and Fruit
Eggs benedict with homemade smoked salmon
Beef Pot Roast
Chicken Picatta over Garlic Couscous
Quiche aux légumes
Empanadas with thanksgiving leftovers
Korean spicy chicken
Gyudon Bowl
My attempt at a charcuterie board, how did I do?
Rice paper rolls for a first time in my life
McGangbang -spicy style
Caramel Apple Parfait with Brown Butter Ice Cream
Christmas Tree Cookies
Chocolate Cupcakes with Nutella Buttercream!
Apple Custard Pie
chicken sandwich
Drunk Grandma Pizza with vodka sauce
Rib-eye with Thyme and Garlic
Homemade Bibimbab (Recipe in comments)
Vanilla spice tea
Molasses Crinkle Top Cookies
Fresh Fruit Tart
Shushi Platter
Lasagne alla Portofino
Turkey sausage frittata
Lasagna!
Boursin stuffed dates with habanero strawberry jelly. They’re not pretty, but they’re SO good.
Christmas Dinner!It's Ok!
ramen
Chicken tenders, double fried, made by myself and my 8 year old son ❤️❤️
Pasta with meatballs and tomato sauce 🍅
Deep dish pizza,  inside, 1.5 lbs mozzarella, pepperoni, Parmesan, jalapeños, black and green olives, italian sausage, diced onion, and sauce
wee beef burgundy pot pies for Pi day :)
Homemade chicken (my mom made it)
cheesecake x flan with raspberry maple reduction.
Shrimp Gumbo and rice
IPL 2021 Auction: Royals break the bank for Morris
tricolor pasta, tricolor bell peppers, with Italian sausage, onions and red sauce
Beef cheeks tacos
jajangmyeon
Chocolate donuts
Mostly all organic / fresh veggie pasta ...
Fresh Bread
Spiced Provolone Scrambled Eggs
chocolates with an amarena cherry
Codfish cakes
Viral Tik Tok video raises concern over a CPD officer's use of force - WDEF News 12
Cheesy Cheese on Toast
(Homemade) wifey made me car iron, AAA sirloin with garlic and thyme for my birthday
Mushroom + Sausage Skillet Lasagna
City of Madison accepted into Food Matters Initiative - Channel3000.com - WISC-TV3
Chicken Katsu &amp; Rice
Beef Shin
NYE family dinner
A  Graham Cake Video | Holiday Special
Shrimp tempura
Confit Byaldi + Balsamic Glazed Lamb
Instant noodle soup with chicken flavoring. (Considered vegetarian maybe?)
chocolate spheres, raspberry coulis, sponge toffee, candied hazelnut
Pretzel Macron w/ Honey Mustard Frosting
Mushroom Bourguignon served over Cauliflower Mash
soba, udon, and Gokayama tofu
Cream cheese swirl brownies
Takoyaki
chicken roulades stuffen with spinach, feta, sundried tomato served with tomato risotto
bruschetta with cherry tomatoes, mozzarella, basil, and dark balsamic
I ate  sushi with my roommate
Cheddar baguette grilled cheese sliders
My favorite chiles to cook with.
shakshuka
Genoise Sponge with Espresso Marscapone Frosting and Berries
Fried Buffalo Wings
Grilled cheese, Witch one are you?
“artisan” bread
cheesecake topped with cream, fresh mint, and pomegranate
Meringue cookies
chocolate chip cookie cupcakes with cookie dough baked inside!
turkey mince and 4 bean enchilladas
Carbonara (no cream)
4 Cheese Pizza
Caprese, tequila and jack daniel
The Egyptian countryside breakfast (Having a leisurely breakfast like this is a guaranteed path to happiness), photo credit to Foodie Dad
chicken wings! Was gifted air fryer for Christmas. Best gift ever!
Woof the fuck !
Lobster Paella
Mini blueberry pies in the making..
very happy with the new pizza steel
Venezuelan Pepito Sandwich
Matcha and hibiscus tea entremet
Brioche bun veggie burger
take'n'bake Pain au Chocolat
Tree Tomato Recipe  This is me who making
veg and gluten free let's see if it all taste like the real thing
Chicken. Spinach, and Artichoke Heart Soup
sous vide lamb shoulder chop finished on cast iron, rice pilaf, and sauteed mushrooms and kale
Hearty breakfast fried rice
Roasted pomegranate
Eggs Benedict (kinda)
Pulled pork with veggies over rice
Apple Pie Recipe (Easy  Apple Pie)
Slow cooker breakfast beans with large eggs on toast
Shorshe Ilish (Hilsa cooked in mustard gravy) Recipe
Beef, mushroom and ale pie
Gulab-Jamaan  Pakistani Traditional Sweet
Shrimp in a Spicy Pink Sauce with Homemade Garlic Bread
Galaxy Cake
Lemon poppyseed cake, raspberry filling, lemon swiss meringue buttercream
carne asada fries with guac, salsa, cheese, and red onions
Breakfast Skillet with Balsamic Reduction
Bacon, egg and toasted cheese sandwich with sriracha
Almond &amp; raspberry low carb cake
Chicken and veggie stir fry
Coconut lime curry chicken &amp;white rice
Boeuf Bourguignon w/ Mashed Potatoes &amp; Garlic Bacon Mushrooms
I tried to make some mash potato and chicken breast
pork chop with mashed potatoes and onionsauce
Kung Pao chicken
BBQ pitmaster in Los Angeles
cheesey finger crackers
Duck confit tortellini
Spicy Italian sausage pizza!
Pancake for Pancake Day!
1/2lb burger, fried egg, prosciutto, manchego, aioli, challah bun
Indian restaurants near to me - Indian restaurants in Edinburgh
Biang Biang Noodles
Charcuterie and Cheese Board
Ginger plum pear jam
Shakashuka english muffin breakfast
chicken and broccoli casserole
a turkey with salad.
avocado toast with fried egg and Trader Joe’s “everything but the bagel” seasoning
Asian garlic roasted salmon with fresh asparagus
veggie soup
Currywurst with fries
baked potato.
Whole fresh chicken smoked with blend of applewood, oak and hickory.
Smoked chicken wings with black garlic and peri peri seasoning
Thanksgiving Sando
CHRISTMAS APRICOT AND WALNUT FRUITCAKE
Chicken and Gravy Over Mashed Potatoes
Smash burger with grilled onions
Breaded, stuffed, crispy pork chops
Last night  dinner was delicious. Try Recipe for taste!
Popeye’s fried chicken, biscuit and homemade collards
Cheesy breakfast burrito
Sunny-Side-Up Eggs with Homegrown, Homemade Pickled Peppers
Instale o navegador CryptoTab e comece a ganhar dinheiro extra apenas por utilizá-lo. Desde que veja vídeos no YouTube, leia notícias e utilize as redes sociais, como faz diariamente, ganha Bitcoins verdadeiras.
Masala Dosa with Coconut Chutney, Sambar and Onion Chutney
spagetti
Peanut Butter cups
bbq beef ribs and white cheddar grits
Gluten free lemon cream cheese puffs
fish and chips 40 + years ago.
Peanut Butter chocolate cake
Made a experiment. It’s a pizza with nacho cheese sauce , green Chile’s , red Chile sauce and lots of mozzarella
Leftover pork, roasted red peppers, beer cheese and cilantro nachos
Prosciutto wraps with filet, smoked salmon, cream cheese and capers
Made some seafood pizza with dancing toppings using bonito flakes and nori seaweed ;)
Korean fried chicken with spiced rice
Salmon salad and Carpaccio de boeuf
Hot cocoa cookies
Mushroom and pasta rolls
Naan Bread
How to Make Popcorns in 1 Minute - Home Style
chili and cornbread
Lemongrass Chile Chicken Wings with Lemongrass Green Beans and Rice
Roasted chicken, cauliflower purée, arugula salad
homemade Korean dumpling (mandu)
Cheesy Lasagna. Delicious !
Some good Pho
Coconut Curry
Lemon Macarons
pot pie
Shrimp Po' Boy and Sweet Potato Chips
Tonkotsu Pork Ramen
duck breast for Father’s Day. He enjoyed it!
Butternut Squash Raviolo with a Sage and Hazelnut Butter
French Fries
Beer battered tilapia fillets
Carrot cake with cream cheese icing
Pepper Chicken Stir Fry
Basic Sunday morning pancakes.
Mooncake and Pu-Erh Tea Chocolate Bars
Heres what triggered Sensexs 1,145-point crash on Monday - Business Standard
Escargot!
Burrata Salad with Roasted Red Peppers, Zucchini, Avocado and Basil topped with Chipotle Chicken
Gnome pumpkin pie
My attempt of Bulgogi
Cotton candy cake
Sloppy Joes on sourdough rolls
Would you Join for Dinner ?
soft tacos al pastor
Oh man!  Fire Ramen! It wrecked me 🥵
Double smashburger with cheddar
Acai Bowl with Granola, Blueberries &amp; Banana
Parkin - Gingerbread from Yorkshire
Sugary Syrup-filled Rings (Jalebi or Jilapi or zulbia) at a Roadside Stall
Steak, roasted baby potatoes and broccoli
Sausage eggs Benedict
Red Snapper with Couscous
Pear Tarte Tatin
Roast chicken, roast potatoes, Yorkshire puddings, peas &amp; gravy.
scrambled eggs with sausage, onions and bell peppers
Kaju Katli (Cashew Fudge)
Pork belly, roasted tomato, and basil sandwich
Cozinhando ASMR - Haciendo LEGO SPAGHETTI - Lego en la vida real / Video...
Scramble with mushrooms and pine nuts
Spinach and cream cheese stuffed chicken, pan fried asparagus and cheddar scalloped potato’s.
three cheese garlic butter ritz crusted Mac and cheese (Brie x cheddar x havarti)
Paneer Jalfrezi
Jellyfish dish
Peach Tofu
Chocolate cake with chocolate ganache and buttercream daisies for an anniversary 🌼
Fried Potato Pave aka Fancy Tater Tot
Ravindra Jadeja ruled out of England Test series | Cricbuzz.com - Cricbuzz - Cricbuzz
red snapper over tomato herb salsa with sautéed green beans
avocado feta bagel
Sir Loin steak / entrecote that I won’t be having again anytime soon.
Oklahoma Onion Cheddar Bacon Double Cheeseburger on a Toasted Challah Bun
- charcuterie board
Chicken gyros, with (also homemade) Greek pita bread, tzatziki and fries
steak quesadilla
Chicken caesar with corned beef, pickles, lettuce &amp; tomato on a baguette
Striped Bass, Poblano, Avocado, Mango, Moscatel and Muscles
My take on bruschetta
Chopped BBQ Chicken Open-faced Sandwich, Chipotle Potato Salad
- gnocchi with burnt butter and cheese
Caprese Salad with Heirloom Tomatoes
Pad Thai
Rum Apple Streusel Skillet
EDIBLE Play-Doh Food #3: Piggy Sandwich for Breakfast - Kluna Tik eating...
- Deconstructed Beef Stroganoff
White Cheddar Garlic Fries
Trini-Chinese five-spice chicken with scotch bonnet pepper &amp; lime dipping sauce
gyro with tzatziki sauce
Mega Breadsticks
Veggie Sushi
Deep Fried Chromatica Oreos
Bacon, Egg and Cheese on an English Muffin!
oyster mushroom and spinach crepes, lemon butter roasted mushroom stems, and wild rice with (not pictured) cauliflower and spinach soup
Carnitas Nachos. Happy National Nachos Day!
Arroz con pollo
Korean Spam Fried Rice with Miso soup
Chicken Biltong CooCooRooCoo😋💪
Pressure cooker pancake.
Veal Scallopini, Swiss Chard with Bacon &amp; Onion, Gnocchi, Finished with Pan Sauce of Butter, Wine, Garlic, Tomato, &amp; Kalamata Olives--All delicicious but the chard was amazing!
honey garlic wings
open-faced smoked meatloaf sandwich with cheese
got snowed in today, so I decided to make some Chinese egg noodles from scratch!
Pasta al Limone.
Pickle pizza. Lots of dill and mozzarella, ranch sauce base.
Cheese Ravioli in Meat Sauce
Cozinhando ASMR - Receita De Pão De Alho Com Manteiga Assustadora - Unus...
soy, maple glazed salmon, turmeric roasted cauliflower and garden salad.
Hawaiian BBQ
Dutch oven Artisan Bread
garlic and herb goat cheese scalloped potatoes.
My son’s Minecraft birthday cake.
Fancy Top Ramen
vegetarian udon soup
tofu burger
charcuterie board
B Boy Bouillabaisse
French omelette
earl grey, lemon, and blueberry cheesecake
My 11 yo son aspires to be a chef. He cooked chuck eye (his choice because we’re on a tight budget), microwaved potatoes, and spinach sautéed in the beef drippings!
Buffalo chicken wrap
USDA Prime Rib - 10lb, 128 F; procured from Schatzie, my favorite butcher in NYC
besara beans
moussaka.
Bao bun pork belly burnt ends.
pepperoni pan pizza

, Macadamia Nuts, and High Fiber Foods for Constipation Relief and Keto Diet for Beginners
Scallops with cauliflowers, passion fruit marmalade, and aioli.
Somebody told me you guys will upload pizza!
Chocolate Cake with Chocolate Icing and Chocolate Decorations.
double cheeseburger, jalapeño, onion ring and hot smokey bbq
bacon cheddar burger w/ fries.
California Burrito with Pico de Gallo extra cheese.
Lemon Blueberry Streusel Muffins
how to create instagram account 2020
shredded potato with kimchi
kenji’s no-knead pan pizza. Shiitake and red onion. Truffle olive oil, smoked truffle salt. RAO’s pizza sauce.
Egyptian Koshari
vegan Pizza
Chicken tikka masala with garlic naan. (My second attempt) (naan premade)
Daft punk tribute
Kluna Tik eating CocaCola Fried Chicken wwith Cigarette French Fries - A...
buttermilk banana pancakes with salted butter and warm maple syrup
Burnt ends !
Multiple meals: overnight oats; breakfast bake; elven bread &amp; orc bacon; high harvest puree; lembas bread &amp; honey-oatmeal cookies; traveler's stew; charcuterie.
Ramen hangover noodles
Veal sirloin puff pastry, with duck fua, apple compote, and iberian ham
RASGULLA - A traditional Indian desert made with cottage cheese and soaked in sugar syrup! All you need are four ingredients! Recipe in comments!
Smokey fish soup and fresh out of the oven bread roll
Strawberry Matcha Latte
- salmon, baked and broiled.
In-N-Out Double-Double
Ferrero Rocher Cheesecake.
Cookies 'n' Cream Pop-Tart
“ Moroccan couscous salad w/roasted harissa carrots”
Spaghetti &amp; Meatballs - copied recipe from the Chef show.
Scottish salmon
Rice and chicken skewers
Pesce alla Puttanesca
Lumpia aka spring rolls
Swedish pancakes with lingonberry jam &amp; butter at Katedralkaféet (Cathedral Cafe) at the Uppsala Cathedral in Sweden.
Nashville hot chicken
Breakfast Omelette
Gyros
Penne with beef ragù very easy fresh parm on top
Fig, Vanilla Bean, Cinnamon and Almond Danish
I need your help! I’m competing in the Greatest Baker contest. Based on votes - #1 prize is 10k. Im a  at a bakery in Canmore that makes wedding cakes so COVID has changed my world. It’s free to vote. Vote every 24h!
this delicious hamburger with ghost pepper cheese 🧀.
Lomo Saltado (steak and french fry stir fry)
https://cutt.ly/3jHjtQE
Chicken Quesadillas
slow cooked (Dutch oven) short ribs (boneless), mash, veggies, and gravy (from the ribs). Blessed.
spaghetti Bolognese
We tried The Best and the Worst Instant Noodles in India (PART 1)
veggie cheeseburger with caramalized onions
Carrot Cake with Caramel
ramen made by mom
Custard Ice Cream | Ice cream without Cream | Eggless Ice cream
Cod with Truffle Ravioli
Chicken Tika Masala curry with Garlic Naan, Onion baji, Mango Lasii and tatziki.
Cheddar and chive waffle, smoked salmon and soft poached egg
Honey Garlic Wings
California rolls
Wiener Schnitzel with roast potatoes and cucumber salad
Toast, plum chutney, avocado, roasted tomatoes/peppers/onions, fried egg
Fried chicken wrap with salsa verde
Caramelized shallot toast
Truffled carrots and potatoes, butter basted steak and homemade demi glace sauce
Stuffed Eggs
pizza baked in a cast iron pan
tiramisu, sliced
milk burfi
Someone posted a homemade McRib and made my stomach jealously scream. Here’s my quick fix using Chef John’s baked ribs
fresh smoked hams from the hog we raised.... Thank you Apple. You were a good pig
chicken piccata
Pepperoni pizza with extra cheese
Baby Bok Choy, Garlic Eggplant Tofu, and Chinese Sticky Rice
BBQ Pork Bao
Pepperoni &amp; Pickled Jalapeño Pizza
chicken Biriyani ,fish fry ,onion raitha &amp; brinjal gravy
Cách làm gà hấp tỏi thơm ngon cho ngày cuối tuần
Grilled American Wagyu Tomahawk Steak
I made this delicious pork tenderloin basted in a blend of Southwest hot mustard and a bit of Cholula hot sauce. It was pre-marinated in a blend of herbs and spices.
Yuuuuummy
$1.38 after tax,
Gyro on fresh made garlic naan, with homemade hummus, meat, and tzatziki.
Buttermilk Fried Chicken, Green Beans and Mashed Butternut Squash.
Pre-Meatloaf
wifey made a quick tomato caprese salad
Frog cake
Buffalo Bills Charcuterie
Pan fried Pierogis
Drunken meatball sub!
Berliner (Donuts)
Four(ish) pounds of smoked bacon
Beer Flights &amp; Fish Tacos
peanut butter cheesecake with brownie crust, mini brownie topping drizzled with a chocolate peanut butter sauce
Bread, butter, Chicken &amp; potato samosas, Apple &amp; Chilli chutney
Croissant
Apple and Pecan Bundt Cake
How to preserve  sauce for a longer shelf life?
pizza with pepperoni and fennel sausage.
butter burgers
Mountain Grill Plate
Chicken biscuit with sage honey butter
Ramen with glazed pork belly, enoki mushrooms, lotus root, and egg
Japanese gyūdon with onsen tamago garnished with spring onion and benishoga
Roasted Eggplant and Tomato Soup with Balsamic Beets with Bleu Cheese
pizza and I’m a pizza snob from the Northeast. However, I give San Diego a nice golf clap for this pizza. Well done, San Diego, well done.
fish in coconut and yogurt curry
Pan seared, prosciutto wrapped, peppered scallops served over garlic, parmesan, basil zucchini noodles.
Boneless wings stuffed with fried rice and cheese.
BLT Sandwich
Brisket nachos
Crispy Vegetables Kebabs
ginger cookies
Halibut Sashimi Platter
Honey, garlic and soy wings with fries
Bacon, spring onion, mushroom, tomato and peppers Individual quiche
Chicken Caesar salad
Pork, Fennel and Lemon White Ragu w/Pappardelle
eggs, chili, avocado and tortilla breakfast
chicken shoarma
Tilapia and Tuna Poke
Nashville hot chicken sandwich
a pork and egg bánh mì.
Finnish Pulla bread
Changua
Injured elephant gets treated with the help of his healthy friends, viral video amazes netizens  - Times Now
Salmon
Torrijas
Last meal before 2021: Smoked Tofu Stir Fry With Bell Pepper And Chicken Thigh Mushroom. Pak Choi As Side Dish.
Flatbread pizza with prosciutto, cherry tomatoes, and truffle paste.
Japanese beefbowl with kimchi, spinach namul, and soysauce-marinated mountain yam with wasabi
wagyu brisket nachos 2lbs meat under all that guacamole
Swordfish with a mixed peppercorn/herb butter sauce served with sautéed asparagus and cherry tomatoes.
psylocybin Semilanceata. Liberty Caps!
Fried Mac &amp; Cheese Loaf @PizzaiolaNB (credit: @CarbsCassidy)

fainè / farinata
Grilling Chicken Isaw (Chicken Intestines) for dinner
Scrapple and Fried Eggs with Red Potato Hash
My s/o and I made spring rolls and  Nuoc Cham tonight. We are beginners for sure. SO good. Definitely could add a few different things but all in all, impressed.
strawberry cheesecake Danish
Wings and Fries...
Coconut Butter Cake Recipe
Animal Style Fries for Game night.
Spiced Maple Cookies
Lobster Risotto
Sautéd button mushrooms and scrambled eggs
Steamed Baby Potatoes
Pollito crispy.
Wagyu hotdogs and grilled asparagus in a blue cheese sauce
To me, the most satisfying part of making mozzarella.
Belgian waffles with dark chocolate coating
Russischer Zupfkuchen (Russian Chocolate Cheesecake)
Cheeseburger with bacon, caramelized onions and grilled jalapenos.
Turkische pizza
apple cider donuts.
Eye fillet with mushroom jus
Nutella Toasty! You deserve it!
Avocado toast with a fried egg and hot sauce
Grilled Sausage
Turkey Noodle Soup!
New York strip semi butter aged
Valentine's pun sugar cookies
New Yorker! Hands down best pizza in the west coast
Covid-19 variant N440K spreading more in southern states, shows a study of over 5,000 variants in India - Mint
Larb, papaya salad, thai style wings, and sticky rice.
Presentation matters. Savoury in a unique Style.
Misal Pav and Jalebis
BANANA CAKE
Gnocchi w/ potato n eggplant
pistachio carrot cake with a salted caramel pistachio crunch filling
zwiebelrostbraten, with roasted brussel sprouts with dates.
Spicy korean pork bowl
Ham, Egg &amp; Cheese Breakfast Sandwich on Toasted Butter Wheat Bread
Fresh noodles
Korean Army Stew
Tuna Poke.
Russian pelmeni.Sonic is awesome
Challah French Toast with Caramelized Bananas and Whip Cream
Banana Bread. Already Completed
Filet
Pancit and Lumpia
Spooky chocolate cake
Butternut Squash Risotto
Fettuccine Knots in pesto, crispy skin Atlantic salmon fillet with salt, lemon, mixed peppercorns, and spicy roasted vegetables pickle sauce
How to make noodles cheese hot dog homemade #Korean_food #street_food #noodles
Beef Bourguignon Pie &amp; Garlic Mash
Pretzel Bison Burger &amp; Blamco Mac n Cheese
kokoreç
Thank you Atlantic Ocean.
German ‘Weltmeister’ Bread
New food Vlog is up! Celebrate Christmas at home,  maple mustard baked chicken and making popcorn as movie snack 😇 hope you guys enjoy watching! And happy new year everyone!
Fishwich on Sourdough
Wild caught smoked sardines and wilted kale on toasted/buttered sourdough slices with a little mayo and squeeze of lemon
Chicken Marsala with Spaghetti
Almonds cake with Nesquik filling cream and fresh fruits
Weekend ham was a success! Any ideas for all the leftovers?
Guava Jam, I just discovered that I have a Guava tree in my backyard.
bacon cheeseburger garbage bread
Matcha cheesecake with honey flavored soft crust, berries and white chocolate matcha sauce
I made Salmon Bennys
cake for my grandpa’s 80th birthday.
Vegetarian aubergine &amp; shiitake meatballs in tomato-basil sauce
Table Nachos
Philly Cheese Steak dumplings
Veal Chop w/ Mushroom &amp; Asparagus Risotto
Burger Kebab.
meatball garlic bread sliders
Cooking a banana flower curry "".
raspberry scones
Burrata on rucola zucchini salad
26 hour cured salmon ready to be smoked.
Halloween breakfast
Check out Medan Kitchen at 8518 Valley Blvd STE 102, Rosemead, CA 91770 for Indonesian food and Groceries!
Greek feta salad
Grilled chicken taco, havarti, crema, jalapeno sauce, salsa.
Onion Sourdough Focaccia, Hand Shaped Noodles, Creamy Tomato Sauce and Broccoli
Video: Whitney Houston’s 1991 National Anthem Is Going Viral - The Spun
ostrich filet cooked to a medium rare. Would 10/10 recommend to anyone!
Four trays of English Toffee Candy
Brioche swirl bread
Vegetarian Potstickers
Cast Iron Pizza that I  a while back.
Barnsley chop, pak choi, Thai pesto and squash puree. Staff lunch
salmon bagels with smash Av and black Berry cream cheese
Cinnamon Walnut French Toast
Grazing board we made for Father’s Day!
Ragu Bolognese
Cream sauce, mozzarella, red onions &amp; pistachio oil pizza
smoked beef brisket, st.louis ribs, jalapeño mac and cheese and sidewinder fries.
cinnamon rolls!
Cheeseburger Meatloaf with Cheesy Broccoli and Herb Mash
Mexican pizza
Garlic Chicken Ramen
Big Mac (Vegan-style!)
Iced Blueberry Biscotti
Quiche Lorain
Apple cake
bone in Tomahawk ribeye, with brussel sprouts, squash topped with Parmesan cheese, and a ear of corn
Black Truffle Cabonara
Persian Dizi with flatbread and pickled garlic
Buttermilk biscuit for my breakfast sandwich
lemon cakes with candied lemon slices and lemon curd
Milkbar’s Birthday Cake
Egg Fried Rice with Chicken
Biryani, meringue cookies and cheese cake
Italian Pizza, Lasagna, Butter Chicken, Lasagna, Tandoori Chicken, Pozole, Paella..... Delicious food all around the world...
Mocha Chocolate Cake w/ Macarons!
Greek Baklava with pistachios.
full English breakfast
Shrimp Fettuccine Alfredo
Steak with homemade green chilli sauce. (The red is Siracha but I want to make my own red chilli sauce one day) I also grew the herbs myself.
cinnamon rolls. Very delicious!
Chow Mein
Sushi Roll and Sashimi.
Apricot Raspberry Linzers
Scrambled eggs. A midnight snack
these korean corn dogs, but they were cold. do yall know at what temp and for how long they should be in the oven for?
Lobster bisque
100  chocolate truffles
whipped feta dip
Sunken Graveyard
Meat-Lover’s Pizza, Pizza Hut style
Tostada and bichi de camarón.
Hilarious Viral Video: Monkeys Zip Line On Electrical Wires In Bengaluru. Internet Is In Splits - India.com
Smoked Wagyu Chuck Roast
Parker House rolls
Hibachi recipes for Ginger &amp; Yum Yum sauces from my local spot. Tip your severs! The gallons, lbs, and typos have me cracking up. Any idea what the ingredient is below the carrots?
Toasted sirloin tip, veg and baked potatoes.
pear cinnamon rolls
chocolate &amp; cinnamon babka.
My mom cooked some good Chinese food🤤 Mini Frittatas with Spinach and Cheese
My  attempt at cloud eggs!
salad
black bean burger
Prosciutto &amp; Havarti Soda Bread
Chicken and vegetable pie
Mac n Chesse and Garlic Bread
Is cold outside so is there’s only one answer to that..... Hotpot!!!!
Kimchi Fried Rice! Added some bacon, eggs, and pickled red onion. Delish!
Canadian New Years Eve
Strawberry cake. Your thoughts?:)
" Chicken... Do you like. It is Tandoori Chilli Chicken.
Some of that hot carb-on-carb action for Christmas morning!
Smoked &amp; glazed bbq wings
Steamed lobster on a bed of king crab legs
Panner Tikka
Genoa Salami | Provolone | Lettuce | Tomato | Olive Spread | Roasted Pepper | Mayo | Black Pepper
Decorated Sugar Cookies
Reverse seared Tomahawk steak and parmesan broccoli
Coffee cake
Steak and Egg Wrap
bacon Mac and Cheese
Salmon and cream cheese on an asiago sourdough crostini
Falafel, tomato salad, tahini sauce and flatbread
a Rainbow cake!
Chilaquiles with steak.
Lotus biscuit cheesecake
Charcuterie Board
Sustainable insect burger
Salted Chocolate Chip Cookies with Coffee Gelato
Korean bbq. Think I got it down but have never been anywhere that make it.
Mini Chicken Pot Pie
Beef Bourguignon
My Alternative to the traditional Gingerbread House
Chicken Tenders
Pelmeni with an adjika butter sauce
Fruity Pebble Cereal Bars
Lamb Gyro
beef rib roast
sausage and egg on a Kaiser roll
Brioche
Lemon pepper roasted chicken with sage brown butter pasta and roasted broccoli
Cauliflower steak with chimmichurri and beetroot hummus
Nutella for Christmas?
Ube Yema Cake in a Tub Negosyo Recipe
Callamari with potatos, onion and carrots
Today was my attempt at  sushi! it looks bad, tastes awful, but IM PROUD OF MY SUSHI :,)
Pumpkin Pie Dark Chocolate Chip Cookies
Grapes
full English breakfast minus the black pudding
The Earth is spinning fast, 2020 is the shortest day in 50 years - the Observer - haveeruonline
THE DEATH NUT CHALLENGE | ChantillyTV
Stuffed Crust Pepperoni Pizza and Chersy Garlic breadsticks
Rice, Meatballs and Naan.
Chicken Nuggets!
Chicken Steamed Momos
Tortoise eating sounds
Teenage mutant ninja-bread turtle cookies I made with my kids
Steak Burger w/ Bacon and Muenster
Chicken Pad Thai with Veg &amp; Tofu
No Plans of Withdrawing Old Rs 100 Notes, Says RBI - NDTV Profit
this beautiful turkey &amp; salami hoagie
Pizza 🍕 at home
Stuffed Omelet Tuesdays I
Low carb salmon pie
Italian Herb Bread
Lemon mascarpone cake
Brussels Sprout
Charcuterie Board for dinner
Bucatini and spaghetti tossed in tomato sauce (top), rigatoni and fusilli tossed in pesto (bottom)
Mediterranean Rapini Pasta | Plant-based | Vegan-Friendly |
Onion Rings! ( no.1 try )
Slow Cooked Seasoned Pork Tips, on creamy Mashed Potatoes + Cheesy Garlic bread 😍
Pozole Verde
Napolitain Spaghetti
egg in a hole with cheddar cheese
Rose Apple Pie attempt!
Pork Chops, Sweet Potato Mash and Coleslaw
Chocolate cake by my friend (@_ssbakes_) on IG :D
Cheddar Jalapeño Bagel
Dairy free pancakes.
carne Asada tacos
I made spiced apple cider
Sweet potato with powdered sugar on top
pumpkin cinnamon rolls
karaage
Perfect Chicken Parm over pesto penne.
Seared backstrap
Thai red curry with pork belly, bell pepper, and jasmine rice
Amazing and budget cheese pizza
Beef Stew with dumplings
Vanilla Cake with Maple Filling
Philly Cheesesteak
Messy Burger :)
Raspberry and Peach Ice-cream
Cajan Chicken Pasta
Slow Cooked BBQ Pulled Pork
“Tricolore” Pasta - marinara, pesto, and oyster-butter-soy sauces
Oven roasted garlic on french bread
Lobster Tail and Scallops w/ Hollandaise
Corn dogs
Christmas Day desserts - sticky toffee pudding, choc fudge cake, churros and lemon cheesecake
Betty Crocker one pan meal: Swedish Meatballs
Egg yolk wrapped in bacon, with sea salt. I call it, “American Sushi”
Reverse seared steaks with blue cheese and caramelized onion
A really thin pumpkin pie because I ran out of pumpkin.
Hershey Dark Chocolate Cake, with Homemade Peanut Butter Icing!
Chinese Dumplings
Enchiladas rojas
Greek Turkey Burgers with Tzatziki Sauce
cast iron steak
- Thai Chicken Stir Fry with Thai Basil and Mint
School lunch. Fried bologna sandwich.
Deviled Eggs
Red cabbage burger
Chocolate panna cotta coconut pie Vegan Hallowen
Oven Baked Brisket
Độc - Dị: Ăn Mỳ Ý SỐT SƠN TƯỜNG NHÀ
Fish tacos
Chicken enchiladas and corn salsa
pizza 🤩
BBQ Bierock buns.
pizza quatro formaggio
Kangaroo cheeseburger with caramelized onions and burger sauce
https://ift.tt/3iHCsxS
Borscht with diced pumpkin
Jamaican jerk swordfish with mango salsa and coconut rice.
Open faced Italian meatball sub
Garlic Lemon Butter Seared Scallops, Garlic Parm Risotto, with Roasted Asparagus
Cream Tart for my 20th birthday. Base: Vanilla biscuit. Cream: italian crema pasticcera with lemon orange flavours and rose extract.
Earl Grey Chiffon Cake
What are the squares in this Cup Noodles Curry? The packaging doesn't say.
Lasagna and Garden Salad
Greek Lemon and Chicken Soup
Blueberry Lemon Cake
Cajun salmon tacos and Patatas Bravas
Boba Creme Brûlée
French onion soup
simple fresh pasta

Eggplant Shiitake over Black Rice &amp; Tofu Crumble
Pfizer vaccine can neutralise UK, South Africa covid variants: Study - Mint
Vanilla crescents
Chicken Tikka Masala, Rice, and Naan
strawberry and hazelnutchocolate gelato
Dirty Dog
13 dead after big rig slams SUV carrying 25 people, survivors airlifted to Palm Springs - KESQ
Cast iron roasted chicken, rice, and baked brussel sprouts.
Original three ingredient fettuccine Alfredo with my own homemade noodles, garden grown salad and baked chicken
Pitaya bowl with chia pudding, granola, bananas and berries!
lemon chicken with fried rice.
I made Curly Pinscher Cake
Chicken chow mein
Air Fried Chicken Taquitos with homemade filling
Empanadas with beef, potatoes, and olives. Hola from Texas!
Holiday cactus and Christmas tree sugar cookies! 🎄✨🌵
Chicken quesadilla
I made beignets!
Veal Chop Parm
‘Tye-Dye’ Sugar Cookies
Cheese beef and bacon burger
Tsukune and Onigiri for dinner tonight.
Pub style burger on homemade bun with special sauce
Charcuterie plank
Green peas and chicken soup with lime, coriander and lots of ginger
mango, coconut and green tea creampuffs
favorite salad
stuffed mushrooms For tea
Pumpkin Pie with Cranberry Compote
I love cooking for friends and family. Today I decided to take an adventure into the baking world. This is my first attempt at homemade brownies.
"St. Helena Avenue" burger
Marinara Sauce (Poor Image, Sorry)
spicy Lamb Koftas, Courgette Fritters, tomato salsa with spiced yoghurt.
simple and delicious
Baked potato with a Swedish shrimp sauce with mayonnaise and sourcream
Braised and Glazed short ribs with oven roasted potatoes.
My English Breakfast Attempt (I need bigger plates)
pizza with ethiopian beef
Breakfast tortilla wrap
wings
Avocado toast with bacon, mushroom and boiled eggs.
https://ift.tt/2YrDo05
New Year’s Pasta Fazool
Karaage chicken
Iron skillet filet mignon
Mushroom &amp; Edamame Fried Rice
Mixed berry soufflés
Chicken Carbonara Risotto
Warm, moist and tender buttermilk pancakes with blueberries and real maple syrup
Chicken pot pie with cheddar drop-biscuit topping
Gordon Ramsay's Hot Ones Inspired Wings
Nashville Hot Chicken &amp; Waffles
Japanese soufflé pancakes
Brazilian hot dog (cachorro quente) from Belo Horizonte
Someone at work made chocolate peanut butter pretzel cupcakes
Homemade cheese enchiladas with diced onion and Mexican sour cream.
How to prepare a  salmon fish barbeque.
or at least tried to, this school food.
turkey + lentil chili
Prime Rib.
Vegetable Couscous
Gluten Free Yorkshire Puddings, Green Bean Casserole and Pigs in Blankets.
Fish Chowder
Lasagna for 2 families.
jambalaya Mac n cheese
A cake using only leftovers ...
I made cookies! I think tonight is a great night for some chocolate chip cookies.
Butter Chicken Pizza
prawn risotto
Green Tea Opera
Fried Tofu with Scallion Glaze
Penne Pasta w/ homemade sauce
Bacon Pork chop Cheeseburger
Vanilla Cheesecake with Fresh Fruit and Orange Glaze
Paneer Butter Masala | Paneer Magic
Cheetos Mac &amp; Cheese Cheesy Jalapeño
Shirako (cod semen) in ponzu with yuzu
Blueberry cake recipe to please all the family
shakshuka with herbs and hummus
Chocolate Chip Skor Cookies
Roasted Chinese Duck with 5 spice powder seasoning (my first=
Beef steak with mashed potatoes and zucchini
Twin Lobster Tails With Garlic &amp; Herb Butter
Chicken Marbella, Mushroom Rice, Arugula Salad
Bulk Italian Sausage
Grilled oysters. ‘Tis the season.
cheese pani puri
Soy Glazed Beef Tongue Baos with Pickled Veggies, Kimchi and Miso Mayo
Kadai chicken pizza
Boston cream cupcakes. Maybe the ganache shouldn't be swirled.
Cheese Ravioli with Brown butter, Mushrooms, and Pecorino Cheese
no meat shepherds pie! Vegetarian and delicious!!!
Crab Cakes
mini apple crumbles
Chicken Khari
I baked  the perfect Xmas cookies for the year this has been!
Chili for the very cold week coming up
Chicken Parmigiana with Fettuccine
Ice Storm Warning, Winter Weather Advisory Take Effect in Chicago Area - NBC Chicago
fried chicken thigh biscuit sandwich with creamy jalapeño sauce.
Seared Salmon with Brown Rice, Mushrooms, and Zucchini
Smoked pork shoulder
shrimp and clams over linguine with spicy tomato white wine sauce and garlic bread
Lemonade buttermilk fried chicken
Orange Chocolate and Strawberry Cream Cheesecake.
Sous vide whole beef tenderloin seared over hickory charcoal, with green beans and scalloped potatoes (and horseradish sauce, of course).
Butter seared scallops with a garlic, lemon, lime and grapefruit reduction, topped with lemon slices and parsley.
Polish Kolaczki Cookies
Green tea mochi with Okinawan sweet potato filling
Spicy sausage casserole with butterbeans, carrot and baked sweet potato mash
Heartattack Burger with Fries
moon cakes for mid autumn festival.
https://ift.tt/2Y4SuID
coq au vin
Unicorn cookies for a birthday
Fish Sauce Chicken Wings
Fresh Ceviche with Homemade Chips
Apple pastry pop tart
Serbian breakfast
Sautéed vegetables with pines and polenta
Bacon and cheece macaroni.
Several Chopped Food Items in Various States of Submersion in Melted Cheese, Atop Baked Wheat
blueberry streusel muffins with pecans
Viral Video Paved The Way For Roma High School Mariachi Inauguration Performance - Texas Standard
Korean Spice Chicken Sandwich
chocolate peanutbutter biscuits by my GF for superbowl
Persian Dizi with pickled garlics and flatbread
Paimon
many people do not know this vegetable "Fool's Watercress" best wild vege in Winter, very popular in Asia especially Japan and Vietnam.  this vegetable from my childhood
Southern Gumbo
Steak and sides
Dry Rub Baby Back Rib Mac and Cheese
Pan de muerto
salmon and pea purée in lemon broth
Hoppin’ John and Turnip Greens
Bacon, egg, &amp; cheese Sandwich
14 hour smoked brisket
Chicken and rice casserole!
Chocolate Peanut Butter Cups
chicken fettuccine Alfredo
Anyone got love for Chapagetti?
Marinated Crab
spicy sopressata pizza w/fresh mozz and cheddar cubes
Red Thai Noodle Curry
shrimp fried rice
ŞAHANE ÇİKOLATALI AMERİKA KURABİYESİ COOKİES KURABİYESİ
créme brûlée
fall apart St. Louis style ribs 🤤
Enchiladas.. they are yumm
British inspired breakfast
Pan Pizza - Mushroom, Tomato, Green Pepper, Red Onion, and Basil
Tsukemen Dipping Ramen
Delicious hamburger with mushrooms and radish sprouts
My late Mom's baked macaroni
a plant based diet and it improved my sexual health 🍆
Pancake for Pancaked Day!
Whole Egg Pappardelle with Bison Bolognese
Tuna Steak with Pea Puree
kettle chips made from “farm-grown potatoes”. Where/how else are potatoes grown if not on a farm?
Crock Pot Chuck Roast
"" Marrow curry|Vegan curry | Fiber rich Vegetarian curry -Episode 33
The  beef and broccoli was such a hit :)
Grilled ribeye on ciabatta.
Ice cream with candy, it’s a very good combo
Dirty Burger and Pizza Fries. Made by yours truly 😊
Dark chocolate mousse, topped with a sweet and spicy cherry whipped cream, dark chocolate chips, and strawberry.
Chicken Tikka Masala with homemade Garlic Naan
Mini Pizza
Mushroom and Pea Noodles
Smashburger.
A 15-minute vegetable salad and 10 ingredients provide you with over 225...
Vegan steak with homemade green chilli sauce. (The red is Siracha but I want to make my own red chilli sauce one day) I also grew the herbs myself.
Strawberry cake with white chocolate ganache to look like biscuits and gravy.
Christmas Cinnamon Oatmeal after a workout with fresh green Apples, Cashews and Granola 🤤
Yorkshire Puddings, Green Bean Casserole and Pigs in Blankets.
Poutine with regular and sweet potato fries, gravy, parmesan and green onions
Indian style bread omelette with almond milk banana smoothie
Cuban Sandwich
smoked paprika and mayo pork chops with mash and fried potatos
Mix Grain Laddoo
Fermented sourdough bread
Mutton keema Recipe - Kali Mirch qeema - Mutton Mince
Stake, Potatoes, and steamed veggies
MAPLE GLAZED HAM with APPLE SLICES today.
My sisters strawberry shortcake..
🍗 KFC - Fried Chicken 🍗 .
Bobotie
The TASTIEST Carrot Cake Recipe Ever!
spicy pork ramen and gyoza
Cheese, meats and other treats
Smoked BBQ Brisket, Brunswick Stew, and Mac n Cheese
Lamb Pilau with Tomato Onion Raita
শাহী মাটন হালিম | Shahi Mutton Halim | Cooking Studio by Ayan
grilled cheese sandwich
Lobster Macaroni and Cheese
Caldo de Res
Steak w/ béarnaise sauce, sweet peas and cheesy double stuffed potatoe.
Fresh Buns For Burgers!
Stir fry
Scallion pancakes from our restaurant (@daostreetfood) yummy
Giant French Macarons with generous amount of pastry cream
30 day dry aged Striploin
Pozole for a cold day
biscoff cheesecake
xmas lunch for friends at work today :) Gougère Bacon &amp; raclette Cheese , Duck prosciutto ,Polish sausage ,Aranchini, Tuna Aspic, Vine leaves ,Smoked cheddar ,Prosciutto chips , OC
Il caglio del Carciofo Selvatico per un ottimo pecorino
The Cafe Cubano
Sous vide new york steak topped with chimichurri, sun dried tomato and artichoke heart risotto, and asparagus sauteed in garlic herb butter
Fresh Irish Salmon from Clare Island, North Dublin Greens in a miso, ginger and lime broth.
cheeseboard from this past weekend!
muffin brownie burgers
Gift Box Cheeseboard
Sourdough Bread with homemade sourdough
pork belly ramen
My brunch fry

Ham &amp; onion potato hash w/ sunny side up eggs
Pulled pork and Cuban black bean sandwich with steak fries
Inspired by Kenji Lopez-Alt's new creation - The Fatboy Slim Burger - 1 smashed patty with American cheese, 1 pub style patty with Swiss cheese
Matcha tiramisù
Christmas spread
Ravioi with sauce made from chestnuts and raw ham
Pumpkin Spice Latte Cupcakes
Pug Cake
Halloween sugar cookies with royal icing. A bit messy but taste great.
I'm beyond proud of the golden brown colour on my smoked chicken!
Bowl of Pho
Tepsi Kebap
St Louis Style Ribs. Sweet Heat!
Polypus on burrata and green souse.
Freestyle Onion Pancake Breakfast
Soft &amp; Fluffy Sponge Cake
Donuts.
My attempt at sushi rolls!
Stilton fillet steak yakitori stick
உடைத்து ஊற்றிய முட்டை கிரேவி /Egg gravy in Loga samayal
I made Challah bread...
Chicken and Sausage Gumbo
Korean fried 3 ways. Honey Siracha, Hoisin Soy and Chipotle Ginger.
Muffalettas!
- Avocado Eggs Benny with Parmesan
Fettuccine Spaghetti &amp; Meatballs with Garlic Bread
meatball sub with fries
Milk Bar “Crack” Pie
Creamy mushroom soup
Jack Daniels marinated Steak
Saffron flavored Strained Yogurt which is called Shrikhand
Pan Pizza with extra cheese
teriyaki chicken, carrots, Brussels sprouts, steamed rice.
Charcuterie tray
Steak with kansas steak rub, creamy mashed potatoes with homemade gravy and french cut green beans
some good crepe n waffles at Cafe Demetre's. Who else loves dessert! Stand up!
Rilakkuma Veggie Bento
Baklava, recipe taught to me by my beautiful nyfi.
Oven Fries with Penzeys Buttermilk Ranch seasoning
Mushroom risotto plus salad.
beef udon
Double Bacon "Double Cheese" Burger with Caramelized Red Onions, Fried Mushrooms, and a Chipotle Aioli
a macaroni &amp; cheese toastie
Lobster Roll
Soft pretzel
Steak and Potatoes
. Soufflé pancakes.
Nam Sod
Raspberry jam
Grilled salmon teriyaki on a bed of wilted spinach, with a side of spring green couscous featuring grilled asparagus.
drying fresh pasta
Caribbean breakfast. Plantain, seasoned beans, ackee and salt fish, sautéed mushrooms, Vienna chicken sausages and cinnamon nutmeg dumpling
Pasta and Meatballs with Vodka Sauce
Duck breast, stuffing, carrots and turnip puree.
Brigadeiro (Brazilian Bon Bons)
Brazilian nut and sesame bread
Raspberry Lemon Cheesecake
yummy donuts
South African Koeksisters 🇿🇦
Chicken &amp; Chorizo Stew
Open face California lobster roll
Hummus layer dip!
... Chicken BLT + pineapple &amp; cheese burger
Stuffed Oven Roasted Turkey
Fillet Steak, Dijon Carrot Mash, Smoked Paprika Potato's and Charred Corn
french toasts with jostaberry sauce.
Strawberry Victoria Sponge Cake
Double smash burger
** I was asked to make chili with the ground beef, how many of you put beans in your chili?
Bang-Bang Shrimp
Torched confit Ora king salmon filet with green tea noodle salad and 63 degree egg
NY Style Jalapeno Poppers with Homemade Bacon Ranch. Ready to sell at a socially distanced function
Double cheeseburger with a layer of Caramalized onions.
Schumer and Gillibrand join Democrats urging Cuomo to resign - CBS News
Liệu có Ai Dám ăn BỮA SÁNG ĐẦY DÒI BỌ này??? Thánh Nấu Ăn ASMR Stop Mot...
Pasta with mushrooms and peas
Grilled Chilli Tofu Masala
Churro Cheesecake Bars
Cajun inspired Stew with chicken, shrimp, pork and sausage over a bed of Basmati rice.
O-toro (from the gaspesian peninsula in Quebec) banh mi
Basturma
Stuffed zucchini
No-Bake Chocolate Peanut Butter Bars
Coronavirus Vaccine LIVE Updates: Delhi Schools Reopen on Jan 18 for Classes 10
Spinach and Garlic Pizza.
Breakfast wraps
I ate Homemade surf n turf tonight 😋 thank God for cast iron skillets!
tamales ready to cook 🤤🤤🤤
Blue Cheesecake
Buttermilk Roast Chicken 🐔😍🐔😍
A gift for all YouTube channel followers
Soy Curl Tikka Masala
- How to Make Delicious Banana Pancakes
Pizza!
Shrimps
Lemon pound cake
Grilled filet w/ saute garlic broccoli rabe
Cinnamon Roll
macerated strawberries with Grand Marnier whipped cream
Potato Dumplings (Bavarian)
birthday bolognese.
Tuna melt with cheddar
Chewy pretzel rolls
IKEA Meatballs are superior 🔥
Birria (Goat Meat) Grilled Cheese!
Cookies
Mahi tacos
a healthy bowl of Youchong Soup with green and red pepper for breakfast!
Pringles cup noodles
Apple Chips
I made  bbq chicken thighs with potato puree(garlic, butter green onion) and a cucumber&amp; cherry tomatoes with basil
Pommes Frites
ramen noodle soup to celebrate my vacation!
Raclette tonight
Hot Chocolate with cinnamon sprinkle, pistachio and white chocolate chip cookies
Chana Masala and Naan Bread
English Muffin Breakfast Sammich
Pita Feta with a really cool beer
Paella, so dang good!
Japanese Castella Pancake
something like cheese pie.
Korean Mountain Deodeok Banchan Spread
Sweet Potatoes
Sesame challah bread
apple pie 🥧
shrimp and asparagus with angel hair in white wine sauce
spanish paella
BBQ Caviar... also known as burnt ends.👅
Mini cheesecakes in Blueberry, Strawberry, Mango, and Oreo
Fresh kill venison backstrap
chicken madras curry
coconut chilli chicken. Hit and creamy!
BBQ Chicken Thighs (boneless)
Dog Food 101: How To Choose Your Dog Food  Dan Dan Noodles
Pumpkin SeedsAn apple tart topped with pecan and caramel drizzle (credit to my wife)
Chicken pho with sous vide chicken breast at 149° and jalapeno oil
spicy Miso ramen
: Get The Best Paper Plate Holders analysis and reviews
Deep-Dish Pizza
Zucchini Bread
Funfetti dragon cupcakes, with vanilla buttercream
braised beef short ribs, mashed homegrown potatoes, oven roasted broccoli. Braised with home brew wine and home grown herbs
Ratatouille and New York Strip Steak with a baguette!
Biscuits
Chilli, Cheddar &amp; Pepper Salami Omelette
How To Make The CRISPIEST and FLAKIEST SAMOSAS | Indian Street Food
I reversed seared a steak for new years
Lox Benedict with avocado hollandaise.
Fruity Pebbles cookies
Latkes with dill sour cream
Osechi Ryori
Boar curry
Crispy Roast Chicken Dinner
Chorizo and turkey tamales
Kaiserschmarren with applesauce
- Confit Byaldi; AKA Ratatouille
lobster roll
lamb ribs with basmati rice, herb tomato salad, topped with shaved marinated onions
Korean Style fried chicken
Battered Cod and Chips dusted with Caribbean Jerk Seasoning.
Fish &amp; Chips
Crispy pork
Fluffy pancakes, dutch type
Sour Dough French Toast Sandwiches with Eggs and Bacon
Turkish eggs
Chocolate matcha lava cake
crispy fried chicken
Filet w/ bearnaise, twice baked potato, asparagus and zucchini
Uni Udon
Double Cheese Burger with Spicy Garlic Truffle Fries
brownies
buttermilk marinated chicken legs over potato wedges with garlic and parsley
Banana cinnamon Mug Cake
Brownies with marshmallow
assorted baked goods
shish taouk
Gravlax
meatballs with roasted carrots, jasmine rice and sriracha creme
roasted pork shoulder
Vegan Thanksgiving!
"" Malaysian Chicken rice(Food review)Must try!!!!
Pan Pizza
Pizza 2021 with Pecorino &amp; Mozzarella
Tri-tip nachos
Buttermilk fried chicken breast
Eggs Benedict with Artichoke Hearts, Crisped Panchetta and Hollandaise
Lobster Risotto, Butter Basted Filet Mignon, and Dressed Arugula
Pollo Hunters Style from Umbria
My girlfriend and I made those apples roses!
chicken doner in progress.
Chinese 5 Spice Wings with Sweet Chili Sauce
Hi guys, this is my recipe of fit pancakes 🥞 https://ilmondodellericette.altervista.org/pancakes-dietetici-alla-mela/
Oreo Cheesecake Brownie Trifle
chocolate chip cookies, fresh out the oven
I made Tonkotsu Ramen, it took 3 days. Topped with garlic, sprouts, green onion, spicy miso and Nori. The second bowl had a soft boiled egg but theres no pictures.
8 hour fermented loaf
Christmas Cupcakes and cookies
Bacon Mac &amp; Cheese
Miso honey steak over baby bok choy, topped with crispy ginger and beef fat. Only 6 ingredients.
Beets! ♥️
White pizza with pesto, red onions, baby spinach, and mozzarella.
Fruit and Custard Tart
Fried Pickles and Fried Andouille Sausage Buffalo Bites
Sourdough and sharp cheddar grilled cheese
vegetable stew
Inside the leftover turkey pie
This is a creme caramel. Although it is very sweet, it is quite light. When you eat it you can catch the intense caramel taste spread on your palate. And eventually, you realize fresh hazelnuts. Oh God, even describing make me happy!
Kaiserschmarrn with apple sauce
My 2.5lb Porterhouse
Tiramisú
Fried fish, fish gravy on rice with a side of salad.
No-bake Blueberry Cheesecake
Guinness Beef Stew
Vodka Penne with Pancetta
Chocolate chip pancakes, scrambled eggs, blackened potatoes, and Turkey sausage patties
Steak tacos with cilantro sour cream and pickled shallots and jalapeños
Pasta Fresca with shaved black truffle!
Lamb Shank
Pan-Fried Steak, Spicy Roasted Cauliflower and Eggs - dusted with Paprika.
Not near as good as other posts on here. F*ckin delicious and all homegrown and
Lobster with butter and potatoes!
Classic Basmati Rice
sourdough rye bread
Pulled pork totchos
Chicken, corn, and chorizo chowder
banana pudding with banana bread chunks
honey mustard wings with buttermilk ranch
Pizza Margherita in Neaples
wheat &amp; rye sourdough bread
Frenched Veal Chop w/ rosemary and wild mushroom white wine cream sauce (button, cremini, portobello, shitaki and oyster mushrooms) garlic mashed reds, sautéed Swiss chard and asparagus.
Classic shrimp spaghetti
combo pizza
Roujiamo (Chinese pork burger) buns
Smash Burger and Cajun Duck Fat Fries
BOTW 3D Printed Cake Topper, Chocolate Fudge Cake with Whipped French Silk Filling, Wrapped in Marshmallow Fondant
Chocolate Lava Cake
Spaghetti pizza
Flaky South Asian Flatbread aka Paratha
Kimchi Ramen
Gnocchi with carrot pesto, caprese salad. Carrot greens and tomatoes fresh from the garden.
NYC style pepperoni pizza
Carrot steak with brown butter hollandaise and pistachios
Bulls reign on 1st day of 2021
Leftover mashed potato with cheese and jalapeño spring rolls and gravy dip
Gnocchi With Blue Cheese, Bacon, Brussels Sprouts, And Balsamic
chili! 2 types of meats, 4 types of beans, tomatoes, corn and bell pepper! 😍
Chicken &amp; Dumplings
Potato Au Gratin
Japanese Oysters
Detroit-Style Pizza.
Pizza dough that looks like a horse
Black olives and cream cheese macarons,
My First Ever Oven Roasted Turkey
Rigatoni with zucchini, tomatoes, ground beef and mozzarella cheese
fluffy Japanese pancakes
Bacon Wrapped Dill Pickle Spears
gnocchi
Mexican Hot Chocolate cookies
Bento~~
Seasoned fries with a spicy sriracha Mayo dipping sauce
Gua bao
jalapeño, fried onion cheeseburger with oven potatoes and carrot/apple salad.
Chicken in pomegranate molasses and scrambled eggs on bagel
Chicken Bacon Ranch Hot Pockets
Cajun-Style Crab Boil
Turmeric Tea
a piece of toast
Christmas cookies!
My 13 year old son made me this  grilled chicken Gordon would be proud
I made focaccia
braised short ribs, Brussels sprouts and bacon
Surf &amp; Turf Special!
strawberry apple pie that my bf will only eat if it gets &gt;1K upvotes.
almond, lemon, and garlic green beans
roti makeing tips , soft roti making
Homemade Fish n Chips
Skillet Pizza
Chicken Wellington
bacon scrambled eggs and toast
Caldo de Gallego my most favorite soup!
Churrasco steak, lobster tail, herb garlic potatoes, and zesty corn with a butter dip (butter, cilantro, parsley, garlic, red onion and lime)
Captain crunch chicken &amp; waffles
1.5 lbs Ribeye With Homemade Fries
I recently discovered this sandwich!
jalapeño breakfast bagel sandwich with a mocha to drink.
Eggs Benedict over Hashbrown kind of a morning - my favourite
My Dad's Bihon Pancit
Grilled Pizza
BLT w/ Fried Egg
KETO Ramen with konjac noodles.
yellowfin Tuna tataki with ponzu sauce
Chicken cordon bleu, easy recipe .
Cilantro lime shrimp over jasmine rice
Sicilian pesto over pan seared chicken &amp; rigatoni
Philly cheesesteaks with sweet potato fries and dip
Baked Donuts
grilled line-caught bonito, chicken, and assorted sausages.
Finally Nailed some st. louis spare ribs. smoked over oak lump with pecan hard wood. wrapped with butter, apple juice, brown sugar, and honey.
Cottage Cheese Pizza
Fajita meats and vegetables
French fries with sauce gravy
Sashimi
Doraemon Cake recipe
Carne Asada burger
black lasagna. The spinach was mixed in with the homemade ricotta so it was even tastier!
ran my new insignia 5Q air fryer and i gotta say it’s the best $70 i have spent in my life. Did a classic hot wing and bistro fries.
tomahawk steak roast
Air-fried tofu cutlets with roasted white asparagus, herbed mashed purple potatoes, and chanterelle mushroom gravy
EGG FRIED RICE
quarter pounder
pan-seared pirogies with roasted vegetables (red peppers, tomatoes, string beans, and spinach) in a Parmesan cream sauce.
honey, apple, and cranberry challah
sushi platter
Drunken Mussels
pulled pork &amp; corn
totally not ramen
beef tataki!
Ginger and árbol roasted potatoes, eggs and sausage.
chicken Alfredo Florentine w/ squash noodles.
Bacon Chicken, Cajun Rice, Stuffed Peppers..
three tier birthday cake with salted caramel filling and dark chocolate ganache
Beef and potato Colombian empanadas
Cheesecake? Apple pie? How about both!
black lentil curry
- Pizza
Bechamel sauce pasta
Beef Brisket with Caramelized Onions and Vegetables
Maryland Chicken coasted in bbq sauce (celebrate health brand), garlic &amp; ginger
breakfast
Supervisor’s homemade mini cheesecakes with strawberry topping.
Beef Wellington with Mashed Potatoes and Arugula Salad
Beef Wellington for Christmas dinner
Sugar cookies
Support corona business www.glacy.de  (soon worldwide delivery.) let's reduce our food waste, eat healthy and simple.
Börek with purple carrots &amp; cheese filling
Chicken Stuffed Pockets Recipe

Chocolatemousse and -sorbet with Cape gooseberry
Radiatore with Mozzarella and Tomato Sauce
veal steak, under a crust of parsley, thyme and french mustard.
Tuna, yellowtail, chutoro, amaebi sushi, salmon roll, tuna roll, and fried shrimp head.
chocolate and fruit pancake stack
panko calamari
Cannoli Macarons
Home made loaded fries with gyros
Thánh Nấu Ăn làm bánh kem PACMAN Cực Vui Nhộn - Crazy Chef ASMR Claymati...
Kare-Kare.
Chicken tortilla soup
Red Gunnard Adobado
Idli, dosa, sambar, chutney and potato masala
grilled ginger miso Norwegian saba, pressure steamed Japanese short grain rice, pan-fried gyoza, deep-fried salt n pepper popcorn grouper, steamed kai lan with canned crab meat
Orange Latte Recipe "
Salmon sashimi and sushi!
Cheeseburger
fresh pasta with clam sauce
London Chicken Shop Fillet Burger &amp; Hot Wings
Our newborn baby girl has anime hair
Classic pasta carbonara
Hazelnut beef tartare with carrot, soy cured egg, chives mayo and brined peppercorns
Bison Strip loin and asparagus.
Chilli and lime chicken wraps
$1 Fried Rice
Pear mascarpone dôme
Tamales
Bolognese with fresh Burrata and Parmesan
"" fried chicken
BLT with cheese and egg
Chicken Pakora with spicey dipping sauce.
How to make Crispy Falafel at Home | Easy Homemade Falafel with Yogurt D...
Extra-Crispy Chicken Tenders w/ Arby’s style straight fries
cinnamon buns!
Munchies!
mutton curry recipe
Malai kofta, Garlic kulchas, Kebabs, Strawberry Cheesecake!
Surf n’ turf &amp; sides
Fried egg and homegrown sprouts over broccoli stalks, spinach, potatoes, and carrots with garlic tahini sauce
my take on an eggo waffle
seahorse chicken
Smoking some chili, cumin, brown sugar, etc wings on the bbq.
bruschetta
Eggs Benedict and Breakfast Potatoes
Panko breaded cauliflower "wings" with dry cooked fries. A twist on a classic comfort food favourite of mine!
Salmon, Avocado, Mango Sushi
My girlfriend and I have a late night sandwich problem.... tonights menu is turkey salami, with a hidden layer of sour cream and onion sun chips😋 and of course the lettuce and mustard to top it off.
shrimp, cherry tomatoes and spinach pasta with lots of garlic and olive oil.
Spicy Northern Thai "Sai Ua" Sausages
chicken wings adobo
My friend asked me for a homemade burger, you know I always deliver
Flourless chocolate cake and raspberry sorbet
Chicken karhai, Lachcha paratha and boondi raita
Stir fried baby squid with green onions.
Smoked Old Bay Hot Wings
Wagyu burger
Cauliflower Gyros
Paleo Gravlax
Chilli garlic shrimp noodles
Why A Cuban Sandwich Is So Famous —
foods to increase immune system
Strawberry, black cherry and goats' cheese salad - with pecorino, nuts, fresh mint, black pepper and hot honey
Buttermilk English Muffins
Baked Truffled-Flavored Mac n Cheese
Pecan Pie Cheesecake!
Our usual 18 person Thanksgiving was down to 3 this year so we did an Indian 'Thali'sgiving!
Utah scones (with honey-butter)
an enormous loaf of bread
Creamed spinach on a NY Strip (mr+)
Vegan Protein Low Fat -
Korean fried chicken with soya eggs, pickled red onion &amp; sprouts
Grilled Picanha
cheeseburgers with caramelised onions
Bacon wrapped pepper jack chicke w/ green beans and potatoes.
Hyderabadi Style Raita | Raita Recipe for Biryani #Shorts
Storm day stuffed crust pizza
Montreal-Style Bagel
How to make Nachos -Very easily-""
salmon over jasmine rice and sauteed green beans with white wine and lemon cream sauce-made it for me before we had to break down
Steak and ale pie with sweet potato and carrot mash
Sous vide Striploin with chimichurri
rustic croutons I bake a bread every other day so this is our leftover food
Chicken vegetable soup
whole lobster stuffed with crab.
Campfire Delight cookie
Bialys with Caramelized Onion &amp; Maple Confit
Bacon, eggs, and fresh mozzarella cheese w Tabasco sauce
https://cutt.ly/SjHzU8A
Chocolate Swiss Roll
Cypriot Kebabs with Greek Bulgur Salad - How to Cook
Raspberry and white chocolate cheesecake
Italian cheese bread and chocolate chip banana bread
Matzah Pizza
it aint much but its the first meal ive cooked since moving out.
My clean out the fridge and pantry pasta
Chili in a cinnamon roll bowl. Welcome to Kansas.
Fettuccine Alfredo w/ Cajun Chicken Breast
Rain drop cake with honey and kinako (roasted soybean flour)
Pizza for lunch. Pretty pleased with my dough tossing skills.
Lasagna Bolognese (Pecorino Romano /Peppercorn Lasagne)
Baked Japanese milk bread roast pork buns
the smollest scallop ever
Baked Mac &amp; Cheese with Panko Crumb Topping
FSA stresses 'use by' date importance after food waste campaign confusion - Food Safety News
Dutchoven Lamb stew. Easy recipe with carrots and turnip. Best for smokers: clean your lungs.
cranberry cream cheese dip. I saw this recipe here a few days ago and had to try it! Delicious!
German Lentil Stew with Mettwurst
Grilled Breakfast Burrito
Charred asparagus, poached egg, rye crumb
Sourdough rye bread
Conjured Croissant
Danish Pastry
Braised Short Ribs with Creamy Polenta

Prawn Lamian soup
spatchcock chicken
King Cake Beignets Stuffed w/ Vanilla Cream
steak and ale pie. Really happy with how this turned out
Maple roasted carrots
Ricotta gnocchi with braised short rib, peas, sherry vinegar marinated blistered cherry tomatoes, and a reduction of the braising jus
Tomato sauce pasta with ground beef, mushrooms, burrata cheese, and basil! :)
Super spinach pancakes
Apple and Raspberry Pie
Spicy Carolina reaper fried chicken sammies
Rolles grilled cheese white cheddar
Vanilla Snowman Cake Pops with Coconut Shavings for Snow Effect..
Tandoori Chicken Salad
ribeye steak
- Dry aged NY Strip with roasted carrot puree, red wine reduction, fried cabbage and crispy shallots.
Linguine Mushroom Carbonara
Bell pepper and Groundpork Recipe
Pakistani Delicious food.Very tasty and Spicy.
A Beast Emerges...
Roast Pork Belly with Onion, Apple and Sage Pan Gravy, Roast Potatoes and Tenderstem Broccoli.
Enabling higher RT-PCR tests to distributing ration – Citibank’s pandemic relief efforts for the underserved - YourStory.com
Broccoli and Beer-Cheese Soup
Pistachio Ice cream
Fried rice and chicken masala.
Roasted Salmon
Stir Fried Chicken and Broccolli with Rice
Japanese Pork Katsu Curry Simple Recipe
Surf N Turf
Pici -thick spaghetti from Tuscany- with vegan tofu ragù
spinach and cheese frittata
Birria Quesa Tacos
Seafood Cuoppo with Crispy Focaccia Genovese
Gordon Ramsey Style Soft Scramble and Bacon
Keftes Garaz (Sweet and Sour Syrian Meatballs, Kosher for Passover)
Philly cheese steak and Spinach salad w/ sweet beet dressing
Eggs Ben with Tenderloin
South indian food platter
A BBQ platter
Saturday night burger
History of Tacos
Pineapple popsicle
Rosemary olive oil sourdough
* **** Chili!
Substitute Soup... for end of the month: Sausage, potatoes, spinach, and milk products
Thanksgiving leftovers sandwich featuring The Moist Maker
Got baby ducks last June. Got fresh duck eggs this week. Omelette from the back yard quackers.
Dolmades (Stuffed Grape Leaves)
Red Velvet Cheesecake Cake
Oreo cake
Simple 3 egg Omelet with cheese and andouille sausage
Pork loin, garlic mash, mac n cheese &amp; carrots
Sticky Toffee Birthday Cake
Fluffy Chai tea soufflé pancakes with custard cream!
Blackened Bacon Blue Cheese Bacon Bison Burger
jagermeister brownies
Schenkeli
Working on my food photography. Shahi paneer and lachha parathas (Indian noms)!
Chicken katsu curry
a crispy chicken and haggis burrito with a buffalo sauce
pan seared orange duck :)
Avocado Toast with Tomatoes and Scrambled Eggs
Beef Stew With Tomatoes
Chicken Curry Noodle Salad
beans on toast but it’s actually lemon drizzle cake and marzipan
Nashville Hot Chicken and Pimento Cheese Sandwich
Bouchée a la reine et Chablis
Sourdough French Toast with Cardamom Blood Orange Maple Syrup, toasted pine nuts, candied blood orange and cherry, and yoghurt
Grass fed ribeye with oregonzola
,Stir Fry Noodles
- link to see a video of street food in Taiwan (https://linktr.ee/rlaetitia)
Spicy Beef &amp; Broccoli
a variety of Middle Eastern pastries
Seafood Pasta made by our chef friend. So yum!
Smashed avo on Turkish bread with poached eggs, hash browns and bacon
Everything bagel seasoned/flavored sourdough bread
Duck carnitas with duck chicharron
Pizza Margherita made in 250°C oven
Chicken and Sausage Gumbo
Seared (medium rare) Prime Ribeye, sauteed mushrooms and garlic, and mashed potatoes.
Breakfast in Beirut. eggs with tomato, green onion and mushroom, toast, one too many olives, akkawi cheese and a shit ton of arabic tea &amp; olive oil because im lebanese.
Leftover lamb shoulder risotto becomes Arancici - deep fried risotto balls.
labneh-fried quinua- roasted onions and sourdough loaf
at a Ethiopian restaurant. Injera with very tasty selection of meat, vegetable stews and boiled eggs.
Sausage gravy over toasted sourdough
Steamed pork spareribs in black bean garlic sauce
- Corned Beef Sandwich
Leftover Christmas Ham Shoyu Ramen
Smashburger Double Bacon BBQ
Bacon and cheese omellete.
Dragon cake
"Red dog" toast, adjusted slightly...
PB &amp; J on homemade bread
apple cinnamon babka.
Burger by chef
Colombian Empanada with Aji picante
this seafood boil
Apple Crumb Bread 🍎
scrapple and egg breakfast pizza
shabu shabu at home.
Beef and Guinness stew with creamy mash and cabbage
Sausage and Mushroom Pasta Bake
Chicken posole with all the fixings
Fried rice in the carbon steel wok
Honey-sesame ahi tuna salad w/ homemade croutons; honey glaze and balsamic reduction
Thai Chicken Laab Salad with Sticky Rice
Christmas dinner!
Veggie Noodles
Keylime pie
pickle juice brined, buttermilk, Nashville hot fried chicken sandwich
Cutting open a small watermelon I grew. It tastes quite good actually.
Carrot Cake w/ Brown Butter Cream Cheese Frosting
Salmon w/ garlic butter cream sauce and roasted asparagus
Twisted doughnuts
Smoky chili &amp; cornbread
- Angel Hair Pasta, Fresh Coriander, Spring Water Tuna.
Crust wasn’t as chewy as we like, but as a whole it was still delicious.
French bread called Fougasse with fontina and rosemary.
Tres leches cake
Chicken Broccoli Casserole
Pumpkin soup with chilli, oregano and balsamic vinegar
Curried Chicken with Coconut Rice and Lime Yogurt Sauce
Korean bibimbap
Pomegranate fig lamb shanks, with Mexican chorizo rice
Grilled Cheese and Tomato Soup Pizza.
Salmon and leek pie
Chocolate hazelnut cookies (GF &amp; vegan)
Birria Tacos
Chocolate Cherry Panna Cota pie
My ham, egg, and cheese bagel had just the right lighting hitting it this morning
Νηστίσιμα Μπισκότα με Μύρτιλλα https://aromaticmix.blogspot.com/2018/03/blog-post_9.html
My post election celebratory meal
Medenki cookies!
Banana Eclairs/ Puffs!
Tortellini with Bacon, Caramelized Onions, and Peas
my first basque cheese cake with blueberries ❤️ yum yum
Tomohawk steak with garlic butter
Cheesy Goulash
A Welsh lasses attempt at Bojangles Biscuits n Chicken with Hashbrowns and Sausage Gravy
Garlic bread with camembert
New Year’s chocolate cake with buttercream icing
Roasted Red Pepper and Goat Cheese Risotto with a side of fresh greens
Vanilla and chai spiced Swiss roll
a burger with sweet potato fries
Sausage Pasta Bake w/ Garlic Bread
doner, almost done
Taco Burger with pico de gallo, chopped avocado and melted cheese
Baked ziti
a massive 🍒🍦
Pulled Pork BBQ Nachos
orange chicken and fried rice
Vegan Brownie Cookies
Chicken Shawarma Bowl
Pork loin Ramen and Pork buns
Plumcake with wholemeal rye flour, almonds and cranberries!
Samosa
Air Fried Fried Chicken
Salted chilli chicken and egg fried rice
Seared Scallops and Tomato Risotto! (Blurry picture as its a screenshot of a video)
white truffle oil mushroom, and Parmesan pizza.
garlic bread.
Prime Rib Roast w/Au Jus, Portabella Risotto, and Prosciutto Wrapped Asparagus
Broth bowl with chicken, noodles, kimichi and veggies
Lebanese Beef &amp; Feta Meatballs with Zucchini, Tabbouleh and Hummus Drizzle
Skillet Potato Dish
Raclette
An Italian Trio sandwich.
Finger millet flatbread
peanut butter chocolate chip cookies
Surf n turf
Hot Wings
sirloin steak lunch with sweet potatoes and peas and carrots
Waffle topped with cantaloupe, berries, figs, crunchy pistachios and açaí sorbet with mint leaves.
Snickerdoodle Cookies
Dumplings in a Ziploc &amp; Cuties for #Thanksgiving2020
How to freeze food properly for longer | Bluetiful Bee
galaxy swirl cupcakes.
Grilled lamb loin chops
pizza dough I made the other night turned out really tasty. 😋
Paklava
Pumpkin Bread
Shrimp and stir fried veggies
Make French Baguettes I How to make French Bread
Linguini with clams
Panna cotta
Smoked Bacon Wrapped Chicken Tenderloins
Cheesy Chipotle Shrimp Bisque
Santa Fe Chicken Wrap
Cucumber &amp; Tomato Salad
Pasta al pomodoro
Chicken and waffle
Not vegetarian, but made a little something tonight.
Turkey Meatloaf Cupcakes with Mashed Potato Frosting 😋
Detroit style Hawaiian
I made some peppermint bark for the holidays!
Sweet Chili Chicken I just made
Tuna Niçoise salad
Icecream Sandwich | Heart Dessert for Valentine's Day #shorts #youtubesh...
Bouillabaisse (French Fish Stew)
Champagne, chocolate, and berries entremet
Hickory and apple wood smoked pork belly.

Easy Tuesday meal
Favorite Christmas Cookies
Dry Chicken Masala
I saw a pan pizza post earlier today, so I ran home and made one
Chicken Noodle soup.
Reverse seared me a perfect plate of mid rare w/a side of mid rare.
Homemade Chicken and Waffles
Cannoli : What's the best way to make them?
Lobster Rolls
tacos :)
Pan seared salmon, spicy mango puree, roasted tomatoes and asparagus
Easy Canned Green Beans
Korean BBQ (Meat is below vegetables to the right)
Oklahoma smash burger
Xiaolongbao

Win
Antipasto platter I made at work today.
Biscuits
gnocchi with cream pesto and a tomato sauce with meatballs. Carrots and broccoli on the side.
General Tsos Chicken!
Deathly Hallows Mille-Feuille
baked wings
Deviled duck eggs
Pumpkin Swirl Cheesecake
American Wagyu Tenderloin, roasted with onions
spaghetti meatballs
Pork Stir Fry
Found some white Truffle and made some  pasta with it.
bone in ribeye and grilled lobster tails for my SOs birthday.
Sesame Street Cupcakes
grilled chicken drumsticks with Piri Piri marinade
“unwedged” salad
Tiramisu Dessert
Korean fried chicken
a Fruit Tart Cupcake earlier and it was ah!mazinggg
, Spicy Noodle.. Yum
I've seen a lot of cauliflower on here lately
Smoked Brisket Stroganoff
Roasted Pork Loin and Butternut Squash
white chocolate hot chocolate bomb with cinnamon marshmallows and spiced cookie butter.
Chonky boi
chicken strips and waffles. And Mike’s Hot Honey
Nachos and piña colada in Spain
Simple easy Korma | simple korma | easy korma recipe
Pho Beef
Omelet
Bacon Wrapped Chorizo Stuffed Smoked Jalapeños
Puerto Rican food from parents food truck
Matcha macarons with French buttercream
nigerian meat pie
Americana Burger for Election Day
my grandmother’s pollo in potacchio
Trash casserole aka trasherole aka trash-yer-hole
Creamy Cajun Chicken Pasta
Butter chicken and naan.
Chicken Congee with Soft-Boiled Egg
Beef Pulao
Spiced apple donuts with maple bourbon glaze and crushed walnuts
Roasted chicken thighs in a shallot white wine pan sauce w/ roasted veggies (potatoes, parsnips, carrots, leeks, broccoli, onion)
Chocolate chip banana bread
beef stew and Door County Wine
Kohli's response to question on breaking Dhoni's captaincy record is a winner - Hindustan Times
My homemade chicken Alfredo pasta with original sauce and some steamed broccoli. I ate this so fast.
Smoothies! My favourite  diet plan! What’s your favourite diet plan?
Carnitas Flautas
Cuban sandwich with corn chowder
Hoisin Aubergine (eggplant) and Mushroom Bao
Round challah
Lamb Curry with Naan
Korean Fire Chicken with melted mozzarella
Tenderloin w/ braised asparagus &amp; roasted potatoes
# Sesame and Ginger glazed chicken, limes , on a bed of Jasmine Rice.
Kunefe, shredded pastry filled with mozzarella cheese, topped with syrup and pistachios
a few medium oysters
Noodle soup
Police Officer doing his best to keep Mama Duck and babies safe.
Arugula salad with pistachio vinaigrette, sauteed mushrooms, goat brie, roasted beets, shaved fennel, shaved red onion, Sirloin
Grilled cheese and tomato soup after snow shoveling
Fajita, Pico de Gallo and Bacon wrapped jalapeño taco
Muhammara and crackers
Nashville Hot Chicken and a local beer
Chocolate Ganache and Dulce De Leche tart
Sourdough Pizza.
Clarified butter Lobster
Crumble Apple Pie
Ragu alla Bolognese
Brown Butter Seared Arctic Char, Balsamic Panzanella Salad
Macarons
Guinea races to trace contacts after three Ebola deaths - Al Jazeera English
Chicken Burger with caramelized onions, pickles and guacamole, oat/wheat bread
broiled lobster tail
Ginger Scallion Lobster
Nashville Hot Chicken w pickle, mayo, Frank's hot sauce
Venezuelan Hallacas
Chili Con Carne with Cheese
Spicy kimchi cold noodles
Balsamic chicken flatbread pizza
garlic knots
Bruscetti
BBQ Wings
Butter basted Dry Aged steak.
Grilled platter. Steak, Chicken, Shrimp, Sausage, and various vegetables.
The candidate we don’t deserve but the candidate we need!
Poulet Korma Indian Recipe
Vietnamese Shrimp and Chicken Egg Rolls
Steak and Eggs for Breakfast
Sirloin, basted in vanilla butter, thyme, bay leaves and rosemary. Topped with bourbon caramelized onions
Filmed myself making chicken soup!
Chaussons Aux Pommes
Raw Single Apiary Colorado Front Range Wildflower Honey in one pound jars. https://py.pl/9coBRaNT4KO
Anybody like some Cholesterol?
Disney California Adventure plans food festival in March - Los Angeles Times
Salted Caramel Fudge
Trippa Fiorentina, with baguette because we couldn't get any Italian bread. Still delicious!
chicken cutlet, broccoli with sautéed onions &amp; Panko breadcrumbs and tomato salad
Fried rice with egg, onions, garlic, carrot and dark soy sauce
veggie and meat tray
Blackstrap Rum and Vanilla Semifreddo on Oat Crumble with a Raspberry Sauce and Shaved Dark Chocolate
Brussels Sprouts with Sausage + Cheese
minced chicken, cheese and brussel sprouts pizza
Im about to make a smokin hot pepperoni, ham, hamburger, bacon, garlic, onion, green bell pepper, queso cheese and mushroom Pizza!!
Macaroons with Raspberry Buttercream
Stuffed baked potato
Lobster Tail and T-Bone
Broiled branzini
Scotch Eggs!
Matar Pulao
A BURGER! All Wisconsin Local.
Thanksgiving Roasted Butternut Squash Risotto Recipe!
“” Chicken Tendies and an Old Fashioned🥰
Godhuma Pindi Chekkalu Diwali Special Snack Recipe కరకరలాడే గోధుమ పిండి చెక్కలు స్నాక్స్
Trader Joe’s Spaghetti Cacio E Pepe with Roasted Chicken
French nod and movies to accompany... random night off
Christmas Cookies | Homemade Christmas Cookies | Christmas in Germany | Plätzchen
I made macarons with cream cheese buttercream.
Banana Crumb Muffins
basque cheesecake
High Protein Dumplings
Two pizzas for pizza night
chocolate covered peanut butter cookies
sunflower honey toast with pepper jelly and butter.
Peri Peri Chicken! Getting my nandos fix
Fresh Pasta with pasta clams
round 1 of new ☯️ 2-zone hotpot with mushroom and spicy Sichuan base
Seared Ahi Salad
Savoury Brioche Bread Pudding (Berkshire Bacon/Mushrooms/Leeks), Green Salad with Lemony Brown Butter Vinaigrette
Japanese beef curry
tomahawk ribeyes rolled and twined
Ratatouille
how to create a website 2020 part 1
Snickers-Stuffed Salted Dark Chocolate Molten Lava Cake
Beef Tartare with Crostini and asparagus
Mudda Bhaji ( Curry ) - Veg Indian Spicy healthy curry
Pork burger with DIY pickles
Beef Rice Bowl
Walnuts baklava
Flat bread
Sugar cookies, chocolate chip cookies, oatmeal raisin cookie bites
Picanha in the oven to make sandwiches
Beef Biltong
Yaki Curry
goats cheese pizza
Me and my SO teamed up to make a NY strip steak with cheesy, garlic, mashed potatoes.
Lemon Alfredo!
Butternut squash soup
Stroepwafels
Ponzu Salmon Sashimi
I made pizza
Chocolate pie with coffee ice cream
Duck à l'orange. A tough green bean heavy?
Raspberry &amp; Blueberry Pop Tarts
apple and cinnamon pie
Fresh caught wild Australian Prawns in a Penang Curry sauce with Basmati Rice.
Blood cherry tart
A Texas Style BBQ Platter!
pasta for dinner!
- KEY LIME CUPCAKES W/ VANILLA CREAM CHEESE FROSTING
Chocolate Cake with Salted Caramel Buttercream
Applewood smoked pork shoulder, 9h well spent
Kluna Tik | Eating Expensive Brand Cosmetic for Dinner | The Man Who Eat...
Turkey shepards pie
Coconut baked alaska, with mango &amp; passionfruit
kiwi cheese cake
Maple Roasted Pumpkin with Hazelnuts and Mint
Pre-Christmas Dinner Grazing platter
Cheese tandoori momos !
Pasta with homemade pesto
Fruit Smoothie
Almond cardamom rose cake
Lobster bisque
Rice , farofa, tomato and beef
Burger &amp; Fries
Sushi platter!
Caramel Apple Crisp Cheesecake
A wrap with a lot going on.
Sous vide turkey, mashed potatoes, gravy, honey glazed carrots, braised leeks, and slow roasted cherry tomatoes
this very fatty, delicious Prime Rib.
Lasagna with shortrib bolognese and parmigiano-reggiano bèchamel sauce.
Cappun Magru
tikka misala w/tofu and crispy rice
Qabili Pilau
Ramen with fried SPAM, fried egg, and kimchi.
Coconut chicken curry
Sesame Chicken Rice
Cajun Bacon and White Cheddar Mac and Cheese
Tomato toast with honey swirled ricotta and fresh herbs
Elk Meat Nachos
Whole lamb in the oven!
Lobster Tail, Clarified Butter, and Asparagus
pumpkin ravioli with brown butter sauce
chicken parm with broccoli
Dutch breakfast chocolate sprinkles
Christmas sweet potato gnocchi with garlic sage butter
actually my friend ate, and sent this picture to my group chat. What is r/food's thoughts on this?
Christmas Dinner, Beef Wellington, Sweet and Sour Pork, Oven-baked Fries
Oyakodon
Pork tenderloin, caramelized onions, veg and cheesy potatoes
Grilled cheese and tomato soup
Vietnamese banh xeo
Crapes
Roasted cauliflower w/ bolognese, Calabrian chilies, shaved parm, basil chiffonade!
Mussels
Cochinita Pibil Breakfast Bowl
Deviled beef, green apple slices with pepper and hot sauce, mixture bite with cashews
Polar bear Oreos for my family and co-workers. Merry Christmas to all!
Kinder Milk Slice
Meatloaf, Butter Beans, Southern Green Beans, Baked Mac and Cheese, and a Cheddar Bay Biscuit
Tater Tot Hot Dish
Trdelnik with Caramel and sugar, Prague. Classic!
Ginger Venison. Straight from the forest to my table.
kiddo made fried yard bird and black truffle fries. Super proud of him.
Baked Chicken Alfredo
Dinner featuring smoked turkey and pecan caramel cheesecake
French onion soup, heavy on the thyme and cheese.
Pumpkin Roll with Cream cheese frosting
Peposo and Polenta
peach pie
Sushi with fried calamari and tempura shrimps
ham and jalapeno pizza. Hand made dough and sauce.
does anyone know similar proportions for the ingredients to make this type of beef jerky?
Sweet and Spicy Baked Bean Chili
Chocolate Cupcakes w/ Buttercream
Wings! Crisped them up on my Weber Smokey mountain. Details in the comments.
smoked brisket
Cucumber Ketchup
this seafood cup in Amalfi
Panzanella Salad
Shrimp and pineapple Thai curry
chapathi in tamil
Chicken kabob with quinoa and Mediterranean rice, hummus and pita bread
I’ve been wor on my steak sandwich. Ribeye/top sirloin/strip, on a ciabatta roll with garlic mayo, arugula, steak, gorgonzola, and carmelized onions!
Pan seared steak
1 1/2 inch ribeye sous vide for 3 hours. Oh, and some boxed Mac and cheese because why not.
Shrimp and pesto risotto
Grilled chicken
indian style vegan food
banana bread; grain, sugar and dairy free (:
Rochester garbage plate
Eggy crumpets with shredded halloumi
Rose &amp; Pistachio Tres Leches Cake with Whipped Cream-cheese Frosting
Duck Breast with honey and potatoes persillade
Shiny Sea and Lucky Lime Oysters
Easter Donuts!!
Yakitori chicken
Gingerbread cookies with homemade royal icing. There's a first time for everything, I guess!
Bacon Salt
https://ift.tt/2Y4SuID
pepperjack cheese stuffed, bacon wrapped meatballs
Lasagna!
Diwali Sweet Adhirasam
colorful plate for my family!

Garlic Butter basted Ribeye, Alfredo Linguine, and Lemon Garlic Parmesan Asparagas
Tteokbokki (Korean rice rolls)
Cornish beef pasty
country pate, Camembert, fresh sourdough boule, pickled chanterelles and French mustard.
NYT No-Knead Bread
Spinach Dumplings
Loaded potato soup
Chicken Big Mac
Apple pie with cream!
Carnitas grilled cheese with apricot jam
Fried rice and Kimchi
Pan Pizza
Christmas pudding
giant blueberries
Pecan smoked rosemary, thyme, and sage turkeys.
Fried Mac and Cheese Balls
Duck and Carrot noodles a little dish I prepared “”
Blue Crane Lego Set Crawler Crane 42042 Used
Fried Eggs using a Clay Pan
Greek salad
MegaSandwich
Sandwich.
Cedar plank salmon Benedict
Mexican Street Corn, Chicken, Asparagus and Grilled Peach
Sliders, potato wedges and pan seared asparagus
French onion soup
Tim Tam Pancakes
Golden Sunrise, Qehwa or Kashmiri Kahwa Tea - My Green Apron
Garlic butter chicken and lemon asparagus (+ a Whole Foods baguette because I need carbs)
Definitely the best chocolate fondant I've ever made.
5 guys
chicken kebabs
Chocolate crinkles
Rajma Chawal (Kidney beans curry and rice)
BEST EVER BANANA MUFFIN RECIPE | Moist banana muffin recipe made in only 5 MINUTES
Steak, avocado and grilled peppers
Pomegranate Cheesecakee
fish and veggies.
Beef Osso Buco with Mushroom Risotto
'Bouta make the world's TASTIEST poutine!!
Pan-Seared Filet with Cajun Fries and Caesar Salad
Spooky toasts
Olive oil fried eggs with bacon onion homefries
Pork Belly Noodle Soup w/ Knife Cut Noodles; Shang Artisan Noodles Las Vegas
Basic Potato Soup
Bobs Burgers Burger of the day
Supreme Nachos
Scallops with pulled pork and hollandaise
Raspberry Chocolate Ganache Tart
My humble double cheeseburger
Spicy Sausage Rigatoni
Pork chops and sides
Three sisters soup with Central American flair
moo shu beef bowl
Mississippi pot roast with cheesy garlic mashed potatoes
Peruvian Ceviche with Tiger's Milk
Soft Preztels
Burrata and caprese salad
A few hip problems, losing his eyesight and he kind of smells like Fritos, but Hank is 15 today and he is the sweetest old man! Say Happy Birthday!
Fried Mac &amp; Cheese Loaf 🧀 @PizzaiolaNB 📸: @CarbsCassidy (Insta)
Morcilla and baked eggs.
Shrimp, grits, and Andouille sausage
KFC, Korean fried chicken
Almond meringue with whipped cream, fior di latte gelato and berries (mostachón)
Today vegitable in Pakistan Market.. Price's are high as usual.
I woke up to a fresh sourdough loaf baked by the fiancé
grilled turkey and swiss on tuscan white bread with lettuce and tomato
ridged Sorpresine pasta n beer battered fish
celebration cake for my cake day. 😀
Chicken Tenders with Honey Mustard
Roasted Duck Leg and Breast with Buttery Mashed Potatoes
Éclairs
Miso Ramen on a rainy day
Red beans and Rice :)
Spinach &amp; Gruyère Potato Casserole
Poached eggs, fried avocado, brussels sprout succotash, smoked chili romesco, dill mayo, candied pecan crunch
mini quiche (broccoli, marble &amp; parm)
Rock Shrimp
alternative Christmas lunch
!Chicken thighs and green beans in the cast iron.
some delicious meatloaf mashed potatoes corn and cranberry sauce
Toad in the hole
NoBakes
White and dark chocolate strawberry cheesecake
cheeseburger w/special sauce and forgotten freezer fries
Whole mess of Nachos
Hibachi fried rice and steak
Traditional Sicilian Arancini
That had me drooling 🤤🤤🤤🤤
the most perfect grilled skirt steak
Spare Ribs with Dry Rub
raspberry freezer jam!
chocolate, almost too pretty to eat!
Celebratory pot of shellfish
Pesara Garelu Recipe పెసర గారెలు అమ్మవారికి 5వ రోజు నైవేద్యంగా మనం బ్రేక్ఫాస్ట్ గా కూడా చేసుకోవచ్చు
Shakshouka
Chicken and Waffles. Bacon, maple butter, chipotle honey. @Beffas in St. Louis
Sushi Practice Round 2!
cinnamon rolls
a plate of my favorite foods I put together.
A pizza i made, its not the best but it was my
Rose shaped dumplings
Chocolate chip cookie with walnuts
Korean beef bulgogi, one of my fav foods
Easy  Moroccan couscous
Savory potato waffles
S'more Panna Cota
Eggs have always been my favorite breakfast. 🍳🥚
Carnitas with Fried Zucchini and Pickled Spicy Veg
shio tonkatsu ramen
Dicks
Chocolates. Made about 40 boxes to give as gifts. The 8 flavors: Vanilla bean, chocolate spice, raspberry, hazelnut, miso caramel with seaweed fleur de sel, blueberry, passion fruit, and a “lump of coal” extra dark chocolate.
butternut squash salad
My attempt at raviolo in uovo. Reduced onions garlic tomato in porcini stock, stuffed raviolo with moz ricotta herbs lemon zest, topped with marscapone
Nhờ sở hữu motor công suất mạnh mẽ, máy đánh chà bông 250 có khả năng xay, xé tơi các loại thịt để làm chà bông (ruốc) trong khoảng thời gian ngắn. Chiếc máy làm ruốc này giúp tiết kiệm rất nhiều thời gian, công sức đặc biệt là những cơ sở chế biến lượng chà bông lớn mỗi ngày.
Silog Pork Belly Rice Bowl with an Egg and Lumpia
Southern-style Royal Red Shrimp and Delta Grind Grits with a Country Ham Redeye Gravy.
Passion Fruit &amp; White Chocolate Cheesecake on Lemon Cake Crust
Idk what this is but it looks delicious
I made (then ate) salted chocolate caramels
How to make chicken egg fried rice (very easy edition)
Vietnamese Banh Mi with Mortadella
How To Cook Liver - Beef Liver
Halal cart inspired chicken and rice

French Bread Breakfast Pizza
PANEER MAKHANI/ PANEER MAKHANWALA
Birria Quesadilla with Consomé
bacon egg and cheddar on a toasted English muffin.
Wood Fired Prime Rib
Poutine
Roasted peppers and tomato dip. Add some eggs and make it a Shakshuka!
Sandwich it's sooo freshhhh🤤
Baked a cake for my 1st Cake Day :)
Ribeye steak with whiskey-herb compound butter, buttermilk onion rings and curry roasted cauliflower
Eggplant Parmesan
Curry
Hey ya'll! I wanted to show you some pretty pictures from my small food business. &lt;3
pizza. Goat cheese, mozzarella, sausage, tomato and red pepper flake.
NYE Lunch. Char Sui wonton noodle soup with hot chili oil
Assortment plate
Coq Au Vin Blanc
Club sandwich.
schnitzel vienna with mushrooms and duchess potatoes
Looks like a lot of people made beef wellington this Christmas so I'll just go ahead and add mine..
Mango Cake
Pad Thai from warmer days
cinnamon rolls with date filling
Toasted Walnut Chocolate Chip Cookies
Sausage Corn Cheese Bread
Spicy Moroccan Chickpea Soup
Pork Chops and Herb Dressing Covered in Apple Pie Filling
Cream cheese, smoked cheddar, bacon, and jalapeno stuffed pork loin.
Lamb shank with creamy polenta and gremolata
Rosemary Garlic Buns Stuffed with Spiced Chicken
Air-fried crunchy cauliflower bites.
decorated sugar cookie. He looks so surprised
Penne with Pancetta, Sausage, Eggplant, &amp; Olives
Viral video pokes fun at the way northerners are portrayed in musicals - WhatsOnStage.com
Lemmon Tart Pie with Swiss Meringue
Black bean noodles
Vegan Pumpkin Bundt Cak
Chorizo, sausage and sweetcorn pizza
Pepperoni Pizza (out of basil)
A cream based dessert I made to look like an apple with some cinnamon crumble
Spicy lamb stew with vegetable couscous.
Cozinhando ASMR - Fazendo Espetos De Carnes Grelhadas Com Coisas Horríve...
Strawberry Cake
Prime New York Strip Steak
Cubano
crumbed chicken strips and sweet chilli sauce
Vietnamese Shrimp Spring Roll w/ peanut sauce &amp; fish sauce.
Alkaline Wrap
French Toast Bagel
Tripa and Buche Tacos
CHATAMARI
Lavender Lemon Loaf Cake with lemon glaze
Some miniature food !!!!
RailTel Corp shares list at a premium - Mint
shrimp salad on a bun!
cheese burgers with bacon cheddar fries
Skillet Hash
turkey feast - oven roasted potatoes, stuffing, green bean casserole
orange chicken
Banana Nut Loaf with Chocolate Chips
Maple Bacon Doughnut
Chocolate Tarte
spicy pork curry
Beef and Broccoli
I wanted Christmas to feel the same as always so I made an abundance of food for my family of 6.  so much!
udon
Best meatball in Chicago
grilled cheese and tomato soup
New England Clam Chowder
Flour tortillas. Store bought gots nothin on homemades 🤙
lamb steak, spicy herb salsa, Greek salad and slow roasted potatoes.
Curried vegetable chowder
10 hour hickory smoked beef short ribs
Zucchini Bake
Pain Au Chocolat.
Hungarian Mushroom soup with bacon
Air Fried Korean Chicken Wings and Fries
Recipes Sashimi from Kitchen Tools - Stop Motion Cooking ASMR
Rainbow trout with caprese
The breakfast my kid ate: Griddled bacon, french toast, watermelon, whipped cream.
today - I make turkey cutlet
jollof rice, spicy tomato stewed shrimp and fried plantain. Ghanaian food!
Made a 🥧
Garlic Shoyu Ramen
miniature apple pie
Sweet Potato Curry Soup
New York Cheese Cake
Winter party food
Pork and scallion potstickers
Filipino pork adobo
Roasted pumpkin soup
chili, cornbread and cinnamon rolls
Chicken and Potato Chowder
, Traditional way of Goat cutting in Nepal // Nepali Village Style whole g...
Turkish Eggs breakfast in morning
Reverse seared standing rib roast
Kashmiri Saffron Kahwah Tea
His and hers potato
Chicken Lettuce Wraps
Frying up some fresh, homemade Paneer
Poached Eggs With Fresh Tomato Puree
chocolate desserts
katsu-don
Lemon Squares
Beef stroganoff
Chicken Karahi
macarons with strawberry buttercream and strawberry jam
buffalo style deep fried chicken feet
- My Pasta Experiment
mac + cheese
This pre-skiing breakfast
tostones rellenos
Christmas Chocolate Bonbons, Cookies and Cream and Gingerbread and Speculaas
A Montreal Poutine
sleeping beauty cake
Sushi spread, nigiri and maki
Kentucky Wedding Soup. I used white beans instead of pasta.
Aglio e olio with caprese bruschetta
Lobster with gremolata bread crumbs, gin and tonic.
Mini meatball-filled yorkshire puddings with mustard
Pan Seared salmon and Three Cheese Risotto.
Lina Tik eating a 24K GOLD BURGER with Snoop Dogg - Mukbang ASMR No Talk...
Chili dogs
yakiniku
Lavender, lemon, and marscapone cheesecake
Medium Rare Steak
garlic salmon, butter rice, broccoli, &amp; squash
Barbacoa Tacos
Ramen
Đụng Tay Vào Gì Cũng Biến Thành VÀNG😲!!!Nguyên Liệu XA HOA Cho Món Súp -...
Pressure Cooker Red Chili Pork Tamales
Bahn Mi
Spicy Tofu Noodle Bowl
Espresso chocolate chip cookies
Margarita Pizza
Biscoff sugar waffle
Rainbow pasta salad
Soyrizo and quinoa stuffed honeynut squash
””,Olive Oil Calories, Top 10 You Must Know About Olive Oil
Spiced Rye Ginger Cookies
a three course meal in Dinner by Heston Blumenthal ⭐️ ⭐️
Adjaruli Khachapuri
Brioche Cinnamon Rolls
Tenderloin on cast iron
A Nanaimo bar-style doughnut
Ropa Vieja con Tostones!
Polish Potato Pancakes
Duck Tacos
Classic Meat Loaf wrapped with bacon. Served with grilled tomatoes, boiled potatoes, pickled cucumber and some blackcurrant jelly.
Vegetarian Yaki udonhttps://youtu.be/L5zJHwXyGpY
BLT with mayo-sriracha sauce
Chicken and tomato curry over potatoes
roasted duck with fermented peach and ginger sauce
Angry Birds pizza (tasted better then expected)
Tuscan Chicken on sourdough
https://ift.tt/36hidC6
Coconut Chicken Curry w/ Red Bell Peppers + Tomato Basmati Rice
Peanut dipping sauce
Chocolate Walnut Cake with Peanut Butter Drizzle
Apple blossom creme brûlée. Can’t wait for spring!
Poutine with thick-cut bacon
Sichuan Spiced Wok-Fried Peanuts
Curry Puffs with Chili Crisp
pumpkin pie mochis - sweet &amp; savoury
Roast Chicken Dinner
Homemade Lemon Rainbow Cake
, pizza casserole , cheesy bread and garlic bread.
I call this Cheeseburg "The Widowmaker"
Vegetable stock
tadig.
French Onion Soup with Grilled Cheese
Chicken, Ham, Rolls, Stuffing, Sweet Potatoes, Gravy, Green Beans, Cranberry Sauce, Corn Casserole and Mashed Potatoes
strawberry bars 🍓
Seafood Steamboat
Chocolate chip Panettone
squid . Yummy in my tummy
Chicken Wings (BBQ, Gochugaru, Seaweed, Garlic &amp; Parmesan)
I’ve made  mushroom sauce.. gradually learning more ☺️
Bechamel Lasagne
Chorizo, Potatoes &amp; Peppers with Feta, Romaine/Tomato Salad with Meyer Lemon Vinaigrette (Blue Dream Infused Evoo)
Roast pork leg with crackling, Yorkshire pudding, duck fat garlic and thyme roast potatoes, sausage meat stuffing, mulled wine braised red cabbage, honey glazed roast carrot batons, green beans, pork gravy, and apple sauce.
Sprucing up some leftover rice
spaghetti Aglio e olio.
NY Strip steak. 2.5” thick.
One pot chicken fajita pasta I made for dinner turned out quite well
Croque Monseurs
sandwitch with homemade sausage and cucumber
matcha cherry blossom macarons
sushi from Masaaki’s Sushi
Carne Asada quesadillas
Glühweinkuchen (Glühwein Cake)
zucchini salad and avocado
Gluten-free Sourdough
Good old english roast on a monday!
burger and fries
Oven-baked chicken franks with mozzarella on top and also there’s sriracha sauce on one of them instead of mozzarella
Buffalo Chicken Stuffed Jalapeno Popper
Chicken ‘Taco’ Ring
a steak burrito pizza
Indian pizza: naan with jasmine rice and broccolini and chicken with butter chicken curry sauce
Made Kaukab's Chicken Karahi on Diaspo - very happy with how it came about. Kaukab was born and raised in Pakistan, and this is one of her family famous recipes!
Brined/roasted chicken, latkes and broc
Italian bread pizza with jalapeños and minced garlic
Pumpkin caramel bread
Korean bbq style crispy chicken bites with buttered corn on the cob
chana masala and tandoori roti
World's Most GORGEOUS Dessert - PARIS BREST. Choux Pastry dough filled with Praline Mousseline Cream. Topped with salted caramel and powdered sugar
Spanish Rice, Grilled Chicken, Chipotle Cream Sauce, and Peas/Onions
Crumb Cake
Grilled Flank Steak with a Chimichurri Sauce
My daughter requested fried chicken for dinner. She turned 20 today. I don’t disappoint.
Prawn Croquettes
Korean short rib steak with fried egg and rice
BBQ Pork Sliders
Mutton curry inside a loaf of bread aka bunny chow from South Africa
: Yeast Doughnuts
mochi glazed donut
cauliflower potato leek soup with browned butter
Double Smash Burger w/ Fried Egg, Bacon, Pickles, Colby jack Cheese, and Twice Fried French Fries
Cheesy Potato “Hash brown”
Cilbir or Turkish poached eggs. Plain Greek yogurt with fresh garlic and dill and a pepper infused butter sauce.
M&amp;M Sugar Cookies!🍪
Pecan Tart
Baked feta with tomato confit
Hand-cut Fettucine with Black Truffle, Sautéed Chanterelles, and Sautéed baby Spinach
Finally decided to make a pizza from scratch
Health Booster..
Red Kidney Bean and Cannellini Bean Summer Salad with Pesto Vinaigrette
chicken cutlet, marinara, roasted poblano, basil, spicy capicola on a garlic herb butter toasted bun
roasted cauliflower tacos on fresh tortillas with muhammara sauce, zoodled carrot, shredded cucumber, and chimichurri.
Pork rillettes and country bread
Carnitas &amp; Guacamole Burger
Tried making a smash burger, never going back to other burgers again.
Grilled cheese with tomato soup
Ghee rice and dal thadka
COMO FAZER ALMÔNDEGAS DE FRANGO COM ÓCULOS😎 | Funny Stop Motion Cooking&amp;...

Breakfast Sandwich (toasted brioche/bacon/egg/cheese/avocado/chives/kewpie mayo/hot honey/sriracha)
Shrimp Carbonara
Blueberry
Aguachile (Mexican spicy shrimp).
Pizza with chicken, spinach, onion, mushroom, and like 3 Roma tomatoes halved
Chinese pork meat dumpling with soup &amp; sauce
korean fried tofu sandwich on homemade brioche
Tuna Salad Sandwich
Birria Quesatacos
“Rainbow Space” Cake
Dry aged T-Bone with broccoli
Egg fried rice with pork cutlet
spritz cookies
orecchiette in kale n tahini pesto sauce, topped with grilled prawns and a 1/2 boiled egg
Bourbon cranberries
Egg fried rice &amp; Bok choy stir fry
lingcod ramen 🍜
Roasted Chicken Breast, Mashed Potato, Pan Sauce
Ma Po Dofu over Rotini
Hot Chocolate
Tender Beef Stew with Ethiopian spices, charred onions, potatoes, green beans and carrots.
Sausage and Peppers Comfort food
bratwust, mashed potato, homemade sauerkraut pie topped with Parmesan
marbled cake!
Smoked pork tenderloin and chicken
Étouffée
Morels &amp; peas rigatoni
Armenian food: Za’tar chicken with vegetables, herby Basmati Rice and garlic yogurt, Armenian Cucumber and tomato salad, and s’pas
duck embryos in Vietnam
Seafood linguini
Runny scrambled eggs are so creamy
Lemon, raspberry, chocolate, and rose flavoured macarons
Jerk shrimp, sweet and spicy salmon, and rosé spaghetti!
Crock-Pot Honey BBQ pulled pork on 9 grain Ciabatta.
Hokkaido brisket burger (Japanese milk buns)
egg and ham breakfast sandwich
Asian Curry
Gatte Ki Sabzi
This entire fillet on a fish sandwich
Sablé
3 egg omelette with andouille sausage and extra sharp Tillamook cheddar cheese.
Delicious Keto Recipes - Fed up of Stubborn Fat and Tired of trying...... Read Amazing Ebook
Japanese Pork Udon Noodle Soup.
ube ice cream
Corn Chowder - maiden voyage
seared pork loin with chèvre cream sauce over spicy swiss chard and a reduced dried cherry walnut and cognac purée
paczki and fastnachts today.
Kothu parotta|Chennai Street Food|Egg Kothu parotta|Mutta Kothu Parotta
Gnocchi With Roasted Vegetables
Taylor ham egg and cheese
2021 Special Omakase Sushi
Ploughman's lunch with Earl Grey
Quesadillas, pico with fresh corn and gauc!
lemon ricotta pancakes, chicken apple sausage, potatoes, and eggs
Marinated Grilled Skirt Steak for Fajitas
It dropped below 70 degrees so that means chili.
Winter pavlova, earl grey custard, berries
Breonna Taylor sings and dances happily in viral video shared on first anniversary of her death - The Independent
This sweet and savory buffet
Herb Saver that keeps produce fresh for longer goes viral - hortidaily.com
Eton mess jars
Skirt steak blue corn tortilla tacos
Sausage and pepperoni pizza
bibimbap is a dish mixed of cooked white rice various vegetable beef and red pepper paste
Chicken Lollipops
Super dark, rich chocolate mousse cake, with a side of local vanilla ice cream and fresh fruit (photography isn’t my strong point)
Loaded chili cheese dogs
local desserts.
Herb-stuffed Greek style lamb meatballs with peppermint flavored tzatziki sauce for an extra layer of freshness
a Cheeseburger
Chipotle grilled chicken thighs
Braised Beef Ribs
since I cannot bake and I have people over: a selection from my baker
An unbelievable pork rib and perfect poutine
Raspberry almond shortbread cookies and soft chewy gingerbread cookies!
Rumcake
Korean spicy stir-fried pork
"", HI FRIENDS BELOW IS THE MY YOUTUBE CHANNEL PLEASE LOOK ONCE AND SUBSCRIBE ,PLEASE SUPPORT US
Veggies and Paneer Biryani with Tomato Chutney, Nepalese Hog Plum Pickle and Half a hard boiled egg.
BLT without the T.
MONTREAL STYLE BAGELS
Murgh Kari Chicken Curry With Saffron Rice
Sweet &amp; Salty Cream Cheese Tart Garnished with Dehydrated Blood Oranges
I made Christmas dinner for my parents as a Christmas gift this year
Baklava Chocolate Easter Egg
“ Nice plate” I made yesterday (the city Nice just to be clear)
Thanksgiving dinner featuring cornish hens, stuffing, and mac and cheese
(Orange(orange))
Paella with mussels, calamari, shrimp and scallops and blistered jalapeño.
Four-Layer Tri-Trip Nachos
Corned beef and coleslaw with fries and cheese
Creme brûlée - I ate it all :(
Pizza Edinburgh - Scotland
Jalapeño popper mummies
food platter with added crab making a breadstick sacrifice
Garlic bread with feta
chicken sandwich with homemade Cane's Sauce
Muffins I made
Grilled Tendies
Hidden Rose Apple
Green Chicken Enchiladas and White Rice
Blueberry Quinoa Porridge
Just  this with the touski and im pretty proud!
Lemon Curd
Elotes Mexican Corn Chowder
Castillian soup (Sopa castellana)
a canned pie
Smoked pork belly
Dry rub, slow baked spare ribs.
Live politics updates: Over 100 House Republicans reportedly may object to election results - USA TODAY
https://ift.tt/2LPgzke
Paye/beef trotters uploadd on my youtube channel for recipe please watch it.
When it's 12am what else can you have but Chilli Cheese Dog and Whiskey Sour
Toscana soup
beef short rib with veggie stir fry and rice
Pork Chop with Peanut-Guajillo Sauce
Vegetable Egg Fried Rice with a Chicken burger - drizzled with Red/Green Siracha
Chocolate turtle cake
Buffalo chicken dip ✨ wish we had some tortilla chips but crackers did the job
Sparkling Peanut Butter Blossoms
Lebanese Sfeehas
Eggplant Curry
Hamburger Helper
Quarentine cooking - I'm a bad cook edition.
Mini banana bread loaves and apple muffins
ice cream sundae (kind of)2
Cheddar and Parmesan Bread
Hot Chocolate Bomb
"" Karam podi recipes|Kura karam podi recipes in telugu|Curry powder in tel...
fresh ravioli with parsley in the dough. Stuffed with ricotta, mozzarella, ground beef and various herbs.
Chicken Afghani | Easy Chicken Recipe | Afghani Style Chicken | By RK(FO...
Green/red pepper, bacon and cheese omelette and pancakes
seafood chawanmushi, crab scallops, caviar and prawns
Pad See Ew
Rice &amp; curry scenes, a combo that never fails to impress! Ingredients - Yellow rice, lamb black curry, dhal thick curry, Malay pickle and papadam.
Chili Verde with pork
Redfish Piccata and Green Beans
Trailer tots!
Black Miso Cod, Wild Mushrooms and Deviled Egg Puree
Orange Cake
Grilled pork with roasted veggies
chocolate pudding with a gorgeous meringue
Tesla Apologizes To China State Power Company After Viral Video - Benzinga
Jujube Pitter-
Capricciosa Pizza
- Vacio, 3/4 delicia
key lime pie with merengue topping
Pan-Seared Scallops with Panchetta and Corn
Chili with White Cheddar
makocoffee.com
Mexican fiesta: Carne Asada, Guacamole, Salsa, Mexican Rice, Anaheim Peppers with cheese and corn tortilla
Grilled Cheese
Baked macaroni
Lamb Shank dinner
how to make orange food coloring
Ligurian focaccia spritzed with white wine
Chicken souvlaki w/crispy chicken skin, grilled vegtables.
Dan Dan Noodz
Lemon Yogurt Bundt Cake
Chuck roast with a red wine, onion, and mushroom gravy. Bacon kale. Mashed potatoes
A poor man's Beef Wellington, lemon garlic asparagus and pan fried fingerling potatoes.
Deviled eggs with the hot sauce ready.
2020 burger
Avocado toast with dried tomatoes and poached eggs
Been trying my hand at some smash burgers.
00 Pizza Dough with mozzarella, Black Forest ham, mushrooms and black olives
Chocolate Truffles for Valentine's Day
Hashbrown, asparagus, onion and pepperjack omelet
The Netherlands Launches Public Awareness Campaign to Reduce Food Waste - Food Tank
Black bean nachos with avocado salsa.
Charcuterie Rolls: Cheddar/Gruyere/Apple/Dijon; Brie/Raspberry Jam/Prosciutto; Bleu/Fig/Honey; Mozz/Pepperoni/Basil/Balsamic Glaze; Feta/Dill/Fennel/Lemon
Apple Pies
crab and cheese wantons
Double “Big Mac”but With like sautéed onions, maple bacon, sweet roast garlic sauce and swiss cheese I’m kinda pro still😉
French Dips with Au Jus Sauce
Fruit tarts.
Veg soup &amp; ham/cheese toastie
Cashew Chicken
African Eggs
Sweet Potato Pie
Một chiếc lò nướng bánh công nghiệp không chỉ đơn thuần là giúp bánh chín, mà vì 1 chiếc lò nướng tốt, nhiệt độ chuẩn giúp bạn hạn chế nhiều khó khăn khi nướng bánh như: #lònướngbánhbônglan1tầng2khay #tủnướngbánh2khaybằngđiện #tủnướngbánhngọt1tầng2khay
New years mixed sushi menu
Spicy
Tea
Bacon wrapped fillet mignon and asparagus
smothered chicken thighs for lunch today.
Pesto Fettuccine
Spaghetti Pomodoro
Tonkotsu ramen with charsiew and Ajitama
Strawberry Rhubarb Pi Day Pie
Tornado potato Twister | Spiral Potato Street Style | Tornado Fries | To...
We did fondue for dinner, so fun!
Coconut Curry 😍
Seafood paella
thai food platter
Smoked Shoulder roast
Instant Pot Meatloaf and Mashed Potatoes
spinach lasagna, bolognese, bechamel
The simple cheese burger and Brussel sprouts
Pepperoni and Onion Pizza
Shoyu udon with marinated flank steak
a cinnamon bun with raisins
Japanese cheesecake
Last nights mean
Valentines day cakesickles
Charcuterie Board!
Good food and it makes make me feel good 😌
starter course for last nights dinner! Rocket leaves, caramelized pear, blue cheese and black truffle shavings.
Longanisa sausage, bacon, scrambled eggs and garlic rice
https://ift.tt/39HjULk
apple pie with lattice work attempt
Brown rice Burrito bowl with sriracha
Classic lumpia
scrambled eggs with butter and salt
Niku-Udon
Cajun Snow Crab Shrimp boil
breaded fenne
Miso Black Cod
lamb and onion curry with basmati rice and naan
A5 Wagyu Smoked Brisket
Lemon &amp; habanero hummus with homemade wholewheat (Vegan)
Thanksgiving Dinner
potatoes and Kefir 1:24 AM tasty as a##
My very original attempt at lamb shanks and fries (plus potato skins!)
Australian Christmas Dinner
chocolate and vanilla cookies with nougat and hazelnuts!
gnocchi with tomato sauce
Dumplings 🥟
Chiviricos is a traditional snack in Cuba. It’s made from fried dough with sugar sprinkled on top.
Mac Mai. Preserved mustard greens, fried dace and black beans, topped with chili crisp.
spicy beef lettuce wraps
Kid whose haircut video went viral returns with another hilarious clip. Watch - Hindustan Times
Chicken Tikka Masala
my favorite Christmas cookies
Steak bites with garlic and butter
Fried Chicken Biscuit with Herb Mayo
Alcapone
Pan fried Chicken and spinach, with a cream sauce and Roasted Carrots and Sweet Potatoes.
Thai-style fried rice
Indo-Chinese Cantonese Noodles
Blueberry Soy Milk Clafoutis
Halibut fish and chips
Chocolate Candy Cane Cookies
Dumpling Soup
Caviar, Smoked Salmon, Creme Fraiche on Blinis
Deep Fried teriyaki chicken
Turkey Roulade with extra crispy skin
Carrot-desciatted coconut omelet
Roast Potatoes.
Thai Dumplings!
chicken noodle soup with heart noodles per request of my 4 y.o. daughter.
sourdough base bánh mì
Swedish meatballs with garlic mash and honey mustard brussel sprouts
Steak and potatoes!
Southwestern Style Shrimp and Grits!
Special chaat by amazing
GRILLED CHICKEN MARGHERITA
Spicy fried chicken over slaw and cornbread waffle, topped with sriracha-honey syrup
Eggs Benny Over Smoked Brisket
Charred Pineapple with red peppers onion, in pineapple and soy sauce
Gorgonzola Burger
Emmer wholemeal lorighittas
Buttermilk biscuits with honey from a friend.
Lego In Real Life: Ăn Gà Rán từ LEGO
A gargantuan plate of kabobs and some shirazi salad for lunch.
Original Moroccan Mint Tea
Duck Fat Fries &amp; Aioli
Hey Reddit if you could please take this quiz quickly for a project I'm doing in college that would make me a happyyyyy panda. Our goal is only 1,000 views but im not having much luck promoting it on other social media. I would appreciate it so much if any of you could help :)
s’mores cake! chocolate cake with lawyers of toasted marshmallow frosting, ganache, and toasted graham cracker crumbs.
Sourdough discard ruskie pierogi
Zelene Blancas, El Paso teacher behind viral video, dies of COVID-19 at 35 - TODAY
PEI Oyster with green apple vinaigrette
i want
poached egg
Hotteko
herb infused pizza dough, used a margarita Pizza Sauce, freshly grated blends of Mozzarella, Asiago, Parmesan, and Cheddar cheeses. Cut up some red &amp; sweet onions, peppers (bell, yellow, orange, red, crushed red), and seasonings.
Chilli Beef and Cheese pies
Avocado Toast with Mashed Sardines and a Squeeze of Lemon
Well Done Salami Pizza
Jalapeño popper casserole with chicken!
Nummy  cheese rice with Paprika. :)
Romesco sauce and spicy pork pasta
Fried tofu bahn mi w/ chili garlic scallion mayo, avocado, and jalapeno
Squash Soup | garden to plate
Cast iron pepperoni pizza
Homemade popeyes chicken burger
Spinach linguini with smoked salmon &amp; Broccolini
Ginger Snap Cookies
Fish and chips in San Francisco, CA
spicy shrimp bucatini pasta
Seared Chicken with Mash Potatoes and Mushroom Kale.
Thanksgiving dinner  made of: chicken, potatoes, green been casserole, salad, corn, gravy, rolls, and charcuterie board
Jalapeño Business Bacon Mac &amp; Cheese
Steak Burrito.
Prime rib roast with garlic Paris mash, red wine jus and roast carrots
Crispy Chickpea Gyro on a fresh baked pita.
Beefsteak Tomato Tacos
Stuffed dinner rolls, stuffed w/ roasted turkey, brown sugar &amp; mustard glazed ham; mashed potatoes, sweet potatoes &amp; pumpkin; green bean casserole, stuffing, baked beans &amp; turkey gravey.
Chicken tikka masala!
pineapple slow vooked honeybroast ham with cloves
Chinese takeout inspired honey garlic sesame roast chicken
NYT no-knead bread
Shortbread Rosette Cookies
orecchiette with meatballs
"" Fried Chicken Sandwich
noodles
Myungrang with mozzarella and sweet potatoes
Chinese Sauced Beef (Jiang Niu Rou)
Thai soupe
Working on some dumplings for the upcoming Lunar New Year 🧧
'The Double Baconator' from Wendys.
avo toast
hamburger steak with pan gravy and an acorn squash stuffed with truffle mac
Chocolate Chip cookies
Dutch apple pie with Cheez-it crumble topping.
Any thoughts?
16-hour smoked brisket
Chocolate Blueberry Macaron
salmon jerky
Pan seared Salmon, oven roasted asparagus and rice
Bagels in new combi oven
had T-bone steaks to bbq but it's pouring down outside. Marinated in minced garlic and smokey paprika with lots of pepper. Managed to get the chat I was after, 3 minutes each side.
Leftover lasagna for breakfast
cake milk slice
I made "The Italian meatball bomb"
Biryani
Vanilla Beans
miso ramen
Spicy fried chicken and char siu bao
Spice blends!
4 Cookies One Dough | 3 ingredients Eggless Cookies
Home made ice cream in Idyllwild, California
How To Prioritizing Carbohydrates The Right Way In Your Diet This post contains affiliate links which means if you click on a link and choose to make a purchase I may receive a commission at no additional cost to you. See our disclaimer for more information.
biryani
Bear-y matcha cake 🐻
Christmas pie with trimmings
Cajun gumbo with Louisiana's finest fresh and smoked sausage, hen, dark roux and a rich bone broth
Natural Coconut Bowls
Mac and cheese egg rolls
Blackened Tilapia Tacos
Yorkshire Grazing Box
Chicken pot pie, embellished with the FSM
Spicy BBQ meatballs
Japanese curry with meatballs.
Chocolate nut cake with fruits
Thanksgiving Dinner
My sisters birthday cake
meat lovers pizza!
Souffle Pancake (Boba, Raspberry, Cream cheese icing)
Crispy Egg Pakoras
Prime rib
takis
Brown butter salted caramel cronut
"Claypot" rice with duck sausage and century egg
garlic sauteed scrambled eggs with sweet italian sausage, baked beans and onions.
Tasty Eclair Recipe Homemade/ كريم بف اكلير المحلات في المنزل اطيب اكلير...""
My attempt at Ramen with grilled shrooms and Pork Belly
Moroccan pita bread Batbout
Smoked Salmon omelette on a toasted ciabatta roll
Pan seared pork chop with blistered okra
Green Cabbage "Steak" to go with tonights Kalua Pork
cauliflower rice bowl
Ghost pepper hot sauce, smoked simple syrup, bourbon cherries, and pizzelle cookies
Unbelievably Easy Roasted Beef Recipes - Recipes Wasaafat
Rib eye steak
Mahesh Babu and Ranveer Singh Fight off Zombies in Viral Video - News18
Baked Chicken
My first Vietnamese dish, Banh Mi
Comida Rápida-Fazendo PIZZA a partir de Bolas Magnéticas | Cozinhando AS...
Dry Aged New York
Cheese Fries
Tandoori chicken Masala
Panda Express orange chicken (I tried deep frying)
A nice Foccach
Turkey Jalapeno &amp; Hot Sicilian Sausages with Onions and Peppers
Omelette Norvégienne / Bombe Alaska
Sustainble Burger
Moroccan Beef Tagine With Peas and Artichokes
this bacon cheese sandwich
Made a big crepe today.
classic breakfast w/ avocado toast.
biscuits
Mini Frittatas with Spinach and Cheese
Finally made a decent looking bread !
buttermilk biscuits
Cheddar and chive waffle, yogurt brined fried chicken, sausage gravy and sunny side up egg
Dark chocolate fudge brownies
Torta style sandwich. Leftover Alambres, grilled chicken, Oaxaca cheese on focaccia
Salami roses for Valentines Day
chicken parmesan with tenderstem broccoli, fresh tagliatelle, tomato sauce, mozzarella and parmesan
homemade strawberry cheesecake no bake cheese cake
burrata, beets, apple, poached tomatoes, candied pecans and apple dressing
dry-rubbed BBQ ribs in the sous vide.
make pizza without using an oven
Stromboli
attempt at chicken pot pie, hope it looks as good as it looks and smells.
Bobby Shmurda Responds To Viral Video, Explains Why He Denied Drink At Nightclub - Hot97 - Hip Hop
Chilie Colorado
Meat Pie dinner fit for a hobbit or Dovahkiin
chewy chocolate chip &amp; hazelnut cookies☺️🍪
Bree in phyllo
Birthday Brunch of Eggs Benedict with crispy red potatoes, shallots, and sweet red peppers.
Philly cheesesteak with tomato, truffle &amp; mayo sauce
this cheese and pepperoni pizza
Boston Cream Donut
Japanese Pancakes with Strawberry Topping
Profiteroles, Alfahores, Raspberry + Dulce de Leche Tarts and Mozzarella + Tomato + Basil Cocktails.
Nilla Banana Pudding
Breakfast burrito
It's not fancy, but I'm proud. Cherry tomato and courgette quiche, with fresh salad. All veges except spring onions were grown in my garden!
Chicken, veg and ramen stir fry
Chili Chicken Noodle Soup
Relaxing Slime Compilation ASMR | Oddly Satisfying Slime ASMR Videos #46
Entrecote
I Made Easy Spinach and Potatoes
Steak frites: Bone-in ribeye with homemade fries and herb aioli. Arugula salad.
Vegan hot and sour soup!
Breakfast for dinner, and a side of pound cake for dessert
Vietnamese egg rolls
Harajuku Strawberry flavor Ice Cream with silver and gold.
Bacon and herb bread
pizza sandwich
Spaghetti carbonara, shrimp scampi, Caesar salad, sourdough bread
Soft Pancakes
Chocolate cake with buttercream frosting, and fondant dinosaurs
Roast pepper and sweet potato risotto.
Portabella mushroom tacos
Mutton Curry South Indian style!
chicken parm
Tom yum noodle bowl yum yum
Pesto
Rice for riches, peas for peace!
The neighborhood cat. He will snuggle anyone who will give him attention. 😌
Yummy Crispy Baked Glutinous Rice Cake, Easy Recipe, Milk and Butter Flavor
""
Dahi Vada. Basically, fried lentil balls soaked in yogurt with chutney.
bananas foster french toast
Roast beef on sourdough toasted in the oven with Parmesan cheese, horseradish Havarti, dressed arugula, a slice of tomato, and a little horseradish sauce on the side
Seared Ahi tuna
Carrot cake with vanilla buttercream &amp; hand-piped macrame design
My  attempt at Nashville hot chicken sandwich using the Meat Church recipe!!! Holy Cow!!! Best sandwich ever!!
just a quick pasta I threw together: Chicken and bacon linguine with a basil cream sauce.
Roast Turkey Dinner with all the Trimmings (Gravy added post pic)
Tasty Patra | Colocasia Leaves Recipe | Indian Snack | Subscribe channel
Cheddar Jalapeño Bread
Our Beef N Cheddar , Served w/ 1/2 Slab of Smoked Spare Ribs, Mac N Cheese, Smoked Elotes, and Housemade Pickled Veg.
roasted onion garlic soda bread and zuppa toscana
nutella Pandesal
Blueberry-Coconut Pancakes
A variety of cupcakes!
Avengers sugar cookies
Pumpkin pie
Double cheeseburgers
- Green Chile Burger with Avocado
Turkish Baklava Recipe
Spicy tuna poke bowl
Chocolate chip fudge &amp; peanut butter cookies
Fresh cut french fries
Lemon Rainbow Cake
seitan en adobe e zucchini roasted w chilies and Parmesan
French Bread with garlic, rosemary, and other herbs
Kahvem 😍😍
wagyu steak with grilled asparagus and truffle tater tots
heirloom tomato bruschetta
My sourdough starter is exploding, day 6. 😳
Sousvide pork chop with parsnip puree
Oven Pizza
Ắn Plants vs Zombies tại Ai Cập Cổ Đại
Barbecued pork rib and poutine
Soft Pull-Apart Bread Rolls.
a chirashi bowl and nigiri plate 🍣
Charcuterie, must items were purchased at Aldi.
Spinach mushroom and onion egg white frittata topped with goat cheese and Calabrian chili peppers
Chateaubriand instead of turkey this year
Anyone for some “
Made Korean bulgogi, it’s my favorite. I love Asian cuisine, but I have a gluten intolerance so I have to make it myself. Made some Korean pickled cucumbers to go with it, added some kimchi, scallions and spicy mayo after taking this pic.
Cask iron ribeye with skillet potatoes
Ratatouille with basil oil
Chicken and mushroom pie
Pork Dumpling
chicken tajine
Maple Bourbon Pecan Pie
Lamb shanks, mashed potato, vegetable medley and red wine jus.
Cream of Brocolli soup
kidney beans stew

Rigatoni ricotta and tomato bake
Feeling myself today. Made giant grilled cheese!
Cullen Skink and Homemade Sourdough
Shirodashi Pork Belly Ramen
Kimchi Fried Rice with an egg
chicken, mushrooms and peppers noodles
chicken in caramelised brown sauce, sauteed cabbage, steamed rice
The best darn tacos ever!
Made egg custard.Never made until today. Turned out better than expected. Looks like scrambled eggs in a ramekin though.
This is my Christmas Bird. Beautiful isn’t she?
Habanero Dill pickle chips
chocolate and caramel eclairs
Crispy Spicey Spring Roll
Blackened Grouper
Turkey heart
French Onion Soup With Baguette
Crispy Nashville Hot Chicken sandwich.
Chicken&amp;Cheese Sandwich with extra smoked bacon.
Te amo (I love you) sugar cookie
turkey dip
Viral Video: Deer Pretends to Die to Outsmart Wolf And Leopard | WATCH - India.com
Garlic Parmesan Air Fried Chicken Nuggets
Mapo Tofu à la shitake y napa cabbage
Orange Cream Delight
spaghetti in a rich meat sauce with meatballs and Italian sausage.
Lasagna
Baked chicken breast, organic green beans, stuffing, and chicken gravy.
- comfort food at its finest!
Thanksgiving leftovers: Peri-peri roasted turkey, stuffing with candied andouille sausage/dried cranberries, 4 cheese jumbo lump crab mac &amp; cheese and a potato/mushroom puree with turkey giblet gravy
Shameless plugging 😬 Hi Guys, I’m just trying promote my  food page. It’s a passion I have and I want to inspire other to cook!
Khachapuri
Kouign Amann
flourless chocolate cake with homemade vanilla ice cream
Lemon posset with homemade shortbread.
Cheese Cream Cinnamon Roll!
Takeout style Kung Pao chicken
My partners  baking insta! Every follow helps😁
oxtail soup from Central America, 10+ vegetables and herbs. This would be one of my death row last meal requests
Beyond Meat Big Mac
Chinese Baked Pork Buns
cheeseburger with potato wedges
Kanelbullar (aka Cinnamon Rolls)
A Charcuterieboard from our local deli
Poutine on a burger
Sausages in a sourdough pancake batter
Bottom Round Roast.
double cheeseburger with bacon onion jam
Caramel Apples
Salmon with spicy cherry compote mushroom risotto and roasted carrots
Pork Tenderloin Souvlaki with vegetable skewer and Greek style rice
How does my pie look?
Cozinhando ASMR - Receita de Salada Assustadora de CACTO - Funny Stop Mo...
Duck Curry Recipe || হাঁসের মাংসের কালা ভুনা রেসিপি || হাঁসের মাংস ভুনা
Deer Loin steak with butter and rosemary
Vegetarian Ramen
Gata Bread
reverse sealed steak on a bed of riced cauliflower and butter garlic sauce with sautéed green beans and mushrooms
Venison and Acorn squash
Chrissy Teigen prosciutto stuffed chicken
BBQ Chicken Thighs, mashed potatoes, roasted corn, roasted carrots
full English breakfast minus the black pudding
NY Style Cheesecake
""garlic Fried rice with Stir fry chicken | cooking with Chef Fabian | like share subscribe
Kalamata Rolls

fallen cone pancakes with Kithul Treacle ( not maple syrup )
Westcoast made, southern style bbq.
Salmon with roasted vegetables
Porkroll, Egg &amp; Cheese on an everything bagel: The Pizza™
Dan Dan Mian with pork
Pastrami sandwich on rye bread
just IHOP’s hot chocolate, but it was too good
Carbonara with fresh tagliatelle
Spicy Sausage Melt w/ cheddar
Big Mac on the floor
Sourdough Pizza with Garlic Confit and Artichokes
wonton soup
Pao de queijo (Brazilian cheese bread!)
Venezuelan Christmas Dinner
prosciutto wrapped stuffed chicken breast with mash and a lemon parmesan sauce
Sous Vide Salmon, with Forbidden Rice &amp; Broccoli.
Pork Belly Ramenq
Baked Eggs
Warbat, filo dough filled with a homemade custard/pudding, pistachios, and rosewater syrup
rigatoni with chickpeas, spinach and anchovy, and some cheesy garlic bread
Saffron Rice &amp; Lamb Shank
Buffalo smashed potatoes
crystal bread, porcini,black trumpets&amp;onion jam, 24k edible gold.
prawns kiełbasa gumbo
Spaghetti al nero di seppie (Squid Ink Pasta) at Ristorante Al Chianti in Venezia, IT
Salmon En Papillote on Broccoli Puree
AIUDF’s Badruddin Ajmal claims viral video on him ‘100% fake’, says ‘taken out of context to spike TV ratings’ - Times Now
I’m not great at this charcuterie thing. But that don’t change how good it tastes.
Kimchi Fried Rice
I made  cheesecake
Fresh baked apple pie 😋
roast pork belly- sea salt, black pepper, brown sugar, basted throughout cooking with Knob Creek bourbon
Chilaquiles - Poached Eggs, roasted tomatillo sauce with fresh tortilla chips, chorizo, radish and cotija
Food in then forest
Omelette!
Arabic Grill Fish-
strawberry-blackcurrant macaron
Winter Duck Pie
Thick cut bacon with amazing seasoning
Butter Cookies Recipe｜Chinese New Year Cookies｜黄油曲奇｜新年饼干 2021 🧈
Pumpkin (Kabocha) and Chocolate Mousse Tart with Caramel Glazed Walnuts
Banana Bread!
halloumi and refried beans taco and lime mayonnaise.
Mixed sushi menu.
eggs &amp; chilli guac on toast.
Brazilian Pizza Hut
sausage bacon potato kale soup.
Chicken Cutlet and Buttered Noodles
Salami pizza on tortilla base!
Linguine with San Marzano tomatoes
Michelin Star chef coconut dumpling recipe
a brisket mac n cheese sandwich
Pizza. Half pepperoni and jalapeño for me and half sausage and mushroom for my girl. Never made one before tonight!
In N Out Burger with animal sauce recreation.
Dinner recipe for Christmas with cabbage and minced meat quick and tasty
Seared scallops, blistered tomatoes and saffron risotto
Brunch . Flatbread, poached eggs, guacamole and mushrooms
oven fried chicken wings
Garlic roasted chicken wings, anyone loves chicken wings?😆
Unagi roll! Used fresh butterflied Unagi from American Unagi from Maine. Tasted amazing... 🎉
Korean Beef Japchae
Ciabatta
Chilaquiles Verde with egg and sausage
Venison loin with (mashed)root vegetables, pickled fruits, sautéed girolles brought together by a red wine syrup
Apple Cinnamon Babka (I don't own a stand mixer yet)
sauce, meatballs, and stuffed shells
a chocolate donut
Chicken Enchilada with a Salad
""Butternut squash and sweet potato curry
Burrito's!
Coronavirus live: India's dramatic fall in virus cases leaves experts stumped - The Hindu
Food Wishes Deep Dish Pizza
Pierogies.
Nashville Hot Chicken and Waffles
sweeet corn
Baked Alaska on Celebrity Solstice (September 2018)
(image quality isn’t amazing and Pro/Chef isn’t the best tag as I’m no pro) Southern Fried Chicken Burgers on Ciabatta served with chunky chip and coleslaw.
tiramisu
Bacon wrapped drumsticks
mooncake! It’s Mid-Autumn tonight, we made them to celebrate!
Sous Vide Tri-tip.
Fruit custard
White &amp; Milk chocolate chip cookies
Steak w/ Grille Peppered Mashed Potatoes
Brioche Buns
Brie and Shrimp Pasta
I’m too lazy to make food so this is my T that  (am eating now)
Chicken schnitzel and sides!
Red velvet cake with buttercream filling and a cream crease glaze.
Beef enchiladas
Almond pear pie recipe / recette de la tarte aux poires amandine
I  make good cheesecake. I put cheese in my cheesecake, very nice cheesecake.
calzone
steak sandwich!
French baguettes
Pan Seared Filet
Cream Horns
pumpkin spice cheesecake macarons
White Chocolate Vanilla Bean Panna Cotta with Raspberry Coulis
quarantine baking" anyone miss eating outside?
C. momo
Tater tot casserole made with ground beef, garlic, onions, mushrooms and sweet peas.

Shrimp scampi for Christmas
Spicy Tuna Kimbap
Jerk chicken, curry cabbage and herbed rice
chicken fry from burger king that looks like dick and balls.
Cream cheese filled pumpkin bread!
Chicken with lemon, parsley and Marsala
Crispy Magret duck breast atop noodles, aglio e olio style
Steak and Cheese Sandwich
- (YSK) The Kent Rollins Cowboy Cooking Channel is Amazing.
cream cheese and cherry danish pastries
Beef Bento Box
Veg taco (shrooms, peppers and onion) with spicy sauce garnish, feta, sweet cabbage slaw, leftover salsa and feta. Wish I made more.
mixed breakfast. Beans, tomatoes, mushrooms, avacado, scrambled tofu and toast
Spanish flan
turkey sausage Cajun pasta
Picnic boxes: selection of meats and cheeses, savoury pastries and patisserie
Dutch Baby pancake that looks like gigantic up side down mushroom. Was delicious.
Making chicken broth for egg noodles on Christmas day
kimchi and onion pakora. It’s a really good combo!
Cointreau, rosemary, vanilla apple pie with a salted butter crust. 🍎
Breakfast Sandwich and Bloody Mary
BBQ Chicken Ramen
Cross section of the Babka from last night. Last pic I swear!
chocolate fudge brownies
Gemini eggs
spring rolls with spicy mango salad
Potato Bacon Chowdee
Fresh Caught Yellowfin
Gấu Teddy bị TÀN PHÁ để làm BÁNH SOCOLA - Thánh Nấu Ăn ASMR Stop Motion ...
The Snufkin birthday cake.
(Homemade) Buffalo Cauliflower
Thanksgiving turkey stuffed with lemons/oranges
Pepperoni Pizza with Honey Drizzle
Spicy numbing sesame noodles
Chinese Hamburger - Rou Jia Mo
mandarin upside down chocolate cake
Veggie burger
Undercooked salmon and potatoes w/ mediocre grilled asparagus. Thanks for the shit recipes, google!
The right way to do it
Deviled eggs
Tahdig
Whole Grain Bread
Blueberry Muffins W/Brown Sugar Crumble
attempted to make crepe
chili, aged Red Leicester cheese, plain Greek yogurt, bacon &amp; green onion over baked potato
Chicken Alfredo with egg
Babaji Turkish Restaurant Food  review and Vlog - for suggestions on improvements turkish Chef
kiwi big breakfast
Salmon with skin on mash
Chocolate Caramel Walnut Cake.
Sugar Donuts.
steak, egg, avocado, tator-tots
Indian Style tandoori prawns
Butternut squash risotto with candied bacon
cinnamon ice cream
Kimchi carnitas fries
I made cheg (cheese and egg) for breakfast
Japanese Curry with beef, mushroom; onion, green onions, mushrooms, carrot and spices!
Three kinds of hot sauce
kimchi-brined fried chicken sandwich
Gingerbread Razorcrest. This is the way...
French Fry Poutine
soft-shell crab with citrus, soy, and sambal, over buckwheat noodles
How Tо Cооk Bееf Rоаѕtѕ In A Particular Methods Bееf іѕ one оf probably the most рорulаr meals right here within the U.S. and whіlе ѕtеаkѕ аrе a grеаt орtіоn, Bееf Rоаѕtѕ are even higher. Thеrе'ѕ nothing lіkе thе ѕmеll of a роt rоаѕt tо make уоur mouth water and уоur hоuѕе ѕmеll grеаt! This is mу
Roast Chicken Legs with potatoes and veggies
Apple cider jam biscuits
Thanksgiving Pumpkin Pie!
chicken Tika Masala and naan bread
Pollo adobada, sautéed mushrooms and fried fingerling potatoes. 😋. I broke down the dried chile, too.
Chili Mac
fried eggs with two double yolks
Please Subscribe to my youtube channel. Everyone keeps saying i won’t be anything and i would be not be successful. i want to prove them wrong. Please subscribe!
Parmesan Herb Chicken Skillet with Caramelized Onions, Shallots and Garlic
8 Ingredients Creamy Chicken
Chocolate Éclair
Buttermilk Roast Chicken
beans and greens over cornbread
Dim Sum - Radish Cake with XO Sauce
Xiao Long Bao + Lacto Thai Chili Oil + Scallion
Lefty's Cheese Steak
Honey Garlic Salmon
Savoury turkey, chilli pepper and mustard waffles, topped with cheddar cheese, turkey bits and apple chutney
Deviled + Lox Eggs
Partly  Bacon and Butternut Squash
Spicy Asian Chicken Salad (300 calories)
Chicken and veg burger I made at home. Kinda street style with the fried burger bun! The dips are homemade too!
Sleeping rice bear in Japanese curry with egg blanket.
I'm making beef Wellington's tomorrow does anyone have any tips
Large Jalepeno Poppers for Gameday.
Potatoes with meatballs and tomato sauce
cranberry jam white chocolate mousse cheesecake
chicken coconut curry soup
smashed avacado on sourdough with hashbrowns
Julia Child’s Beef Bourguignon and French five course meal
pretzels and pretzel dogs
Croquetas de carne
Sweet &amp; Sour Chicken
crepe cake with berries
Prime rib, lobster, mashed potatoes, creamed spinach &amp; corn, pop overs, with a side salad.
of fresh oranges .
hand rolled noodles. pancetta, sausage, pasta, black pepper, parmesan
Spinach and olives muffins.
Sous vide Ribeye, teriyaki, basil &amp; herbs style
Do you know that New York fries can be . Only 2 ingredients are needed: vegetable oil and white potatoes.
Steak Ramen
Bacon Bistro Burger with Goat Cheese
Pasta with shrimps and spinach seasoned with lean cream
Onion Bagel w/ veggie cream cheese, roasted red peppers, red onion, jalapeno slices and bacon
Crispy Pork Carnitas Tacos
New Orleans shrimp Brits.
How To Make Brioche, The Moroccan Sweet Krachel
meatball marinara on ciabatta
Cast Iron Skillet Pizza with Bacon, Salami, Onion, Olives, and Jalapeños
I made 10 pies for family and friends. (Socially distanced drop of of course)
Shrimp Mozambique
steamed Lobster in Oldbay
hot dogs, gouda, red onion, green chillies with 2mato ketchup
Sandwich I’m currently demolishing
Cutting open a small watermelon I grew. At least it tastes good.
George P. Shultz, Influential Cabinet Official Under Nixon and Reagan, Dies at 100 - The New York Times
strawberry hand pies
Khao poon (coconut-curry noodle soup) w/ Lao sausage.
Sweet Thai Chili Chicken Thigh
Tes
Viral Video: Man Narrowly Avoids Getting Hit By Train That Crushed His Bike - NDTV
Hi guys! I got this book from rohtopia . It contains many smooth and juice recipes that is a good way to get  smoothies I recommend this book to you because it is really wonderful. You can order it from here As I did----- https://ivlv.me/sgSaB
Angus New York Strip Steak
strawberry and quince jam pancakes with powdered sugar
UK's Prince Philip Admitted to London Hospital as a 'Precaution', Says Buckingham Palace - News18
Filet Mignon and Bourbon Pepper Pan Sauce
Tawa Chicken
Spicy Cumin Lamb with Parsley and Feta cheese
Bicol Express
Peanut Butter Lamb With Green Beans &amp; Roasted Squash
Garganelli
English breakfast or something
My PBJ &amp; Glass of Milk oil painting
two small mozzarella grilled cheese around a bigger layer off mozzarella cheese and pepperoni panini style
Hake with caramel garnish  "Simple, Delicious, Quick, Recipes" | VANDA culinary
Ricotta Yeast Rolls
The once a year beef wellington. 6 hours of prep, but worth it!
Pasta carbonara
Donuts
Homemade curries - chicken and tinda (indian squash), and mixed black eyed peas and red kidney beans
Grilled Wings with my own fermented hot sauce
Someone installed these plaques on a bunch of benches, they got taken down by the city today but I think they're priceless.
Heart-shaped trifle with chocolate covered strawberries
Peruvian food! (causa and choritos)
bomb Shrimp Pad See Ew
a calzone
no-churn, raspberry ice cream
this cake makes a splash!
Biscuit, chocolate fondant, dry bananas, banana puree, and meringues
Fermenting some habaneros and garlic to make some hot sauce
Chocolate chip cookie with cookie butter ice cream sandwich
Crying Tiger with Chicken and Steak
Toad-in-the-hole (sausages baked in a Yorkshire pudding)
Skillet fried chicken with green onion white gravy. Corn with garlic and onions. Homemade mashed potatoes.
Beef Birria Tacos
Salmon in a Lemon &amp; Coriander sauce served with greens tossed in garlic, shallots and smoked bacon
nachos with faux sautéed beef
pulled chicken sandwich. With sliced serranos, red onions and crispy fried onions
the best sushi in Rio de Janeiro
Airbrush-decorated solar system cake with planets made out of modeling chocolate
toad in the hole - Yorkshire puddings are an art to master
Mini steamed dogs with a special sauce. The best part is I looked up hotdogs to post in that community. They already have the special sauce so no need.
HongKong Style Milk Tea and Oatmeal Egg Custard
creamy garlic Brussels sprouts
Salmon Poké Bowl
Pepperoni Pizza Bagels | Best Cheesy Pizza Bagel Recipe | QUICK TASTY BREAKFAST
Leaning tower of al-pastor
Costco Sandwich
Rusk Pudding Recipe in Telugu దీపావళి కి సింపుల్ గా నెయ్యి బట్టర్ లేకుండా పాలతో తో ఈ స్వీట్ రెడీ
chicken Pho
Coconut mashed potatoes with garlic and honey pork and dumplings.
Breakfast BLT Sandwich
Cow tongue, red lentils, rice
Just started getting into cooking and made baked ziti from not another cooking show!
Chicken on a stick
Beef short ribs braised in red wine with carrot and parsley root
One of my family traditions is pizza on Christmas Eve. I honestly have no idea why, but we’ve done it since I was like 8 years old. When I was a kid it was dominos delivery. Now that I’m an adult it’s Detroit Style.
Sweet Pepper and Cilantro Pork Chop with garlic mashed potatoes and pork dripping roux gravy.
Tiramisu Cheesecake
Baked eggplant and mozzarella cheese rolls
BBQ Meatball Sub
North African spiced chicken and glazed carrots.
Miso ramen with shitake, softboiled egg and snappeas
carrot cake with "among us" theme :)
New York Steak with Mashed Potatoes under a Parmesan Crisp
eggs benedict and avocado toast
Soy demi glaze beef
Pop-Tarts - cinnamon sugar, blackberry and strawberry
Pan seared A5 wagyu steak, roasted Brussel sprouts, balsamic glaze, thick cut bacon
pasta with mix sauce
Middle eastern Breakfast
my firrst taime ever making matcha tea :) ( Ik that I misspelled but otherwise I couldn’t post it)
flower design in broccoli during dinner prep with dad
Smoked Buffalo Cauliflower Bites.
pork chop on a Himalayan salt rock
I tried making the Omelette Soufflé I saw on GifRecipies.
Olive Bread!
brisket bowl
Chicken and chickpea curry
Vietnamese Spring Roll with Wild Mushroom
Tacos De Vampiro
Charcuterie Board!
Let’s say it could be a very culturally mixed Pizza (sorry Italians) or Shaorma (if rolled)
Steak with chimichurri sauce
Steel Cut Oats
Lemon Poppyseed Muffins 😋
Grilled Chicken Vegetable Salad
First timer! Challah back y’all
delicious Seafood Spaghetti
Lobster mac &amp; cheese
Last nights simple charcuterie
Fluffy lemon ricotta waffles
Beef short ribs, Mac and Cheese/Mornay Sauce, Alta Cucina Tomato Jam/8 hr
Roast beef and cheddar
Chocolate cake with vanilla whipped cream frosting
toasted fried chicken salad wrap
Cheddar Garlic Soda Bread
Merry Christmas Eve Eve Steak and mash tates with asparagus
Spicy Shrimp Bibimbap
Rib Roast, Yorkshire pudding, Roasted potatoes, Maple-glazed carrots &amp; Peas
https://ift.tt/35TYmZs
Second attempt at making ramen but with shiitake miso broth!
Lussekatter
Super spicy 🌶 chicken Curry masala
Spicy Fried Chicken Drumsticks
Surf &amp; Turf burrito with Ranchero Sauce
Strawberry milkshake
grandma style pepperoni pizza
My Mom cooking  PICHI PICHI
Glazed Sweet Potato Bread
biscuit strawberry shortcake
Sesame beef and broccoli noodles
Corned Beef Hash, Smoked Cheddar Roasted Garlic Grits, Runny Eggs
Tofu amritsari masala, Nashville Hot Cauliflower Bites, and Garlic Butter Naan.
BLT on brioche slices
Black eyed peas and collard greens for New Year's Day
Unauthentic Beef Enchiladas
Steelhead Trout, Sauteed Spinach with Garlic &amp; Sumac, Rice
Leberkäs mit Sauerkraut
Double Decker Breakfast BLT
Pizza - salami, cabanossi, red onion, kalamata olives on a egg and cheese
Brown Butter Pecan Cake
Spaghetti with homemade Bolognese Sauce 🍝
Double-dipped buttermilk fried chicken burger with homegrown tomato, lettuce and a chipotle coleslaw on a brioche bun
How to make chicken club sandwich
pizza w/ ciliegine fresh mooz
onion ring toad in the hole (eggs in a basket)
Chinese Hotpot
torikatsu with lots of green onions
Hickory Peach Spareribs
chocolate chip cookies anyone?😏🍪
Brisket Burnt Ends Mac and Cheese
fried ravioli over beef and pork ragu.
Greek Salads
Mango Chutney
soy sauce chicken legs
'' Orea ice cream Mixed with Choclate fudge ice cream made into a Milkshake from Häagen-Dazs
Nashville hot chicken and pancake
Pot roast
Last nights dinner
Cheese Buldak- Recipe from Maangchi's video
The World’s Least Healthy Smoothie Bowl

Come on Over for Breakfast! French toast, farm eggs, smoked slab bacon, baby kiwis, papaya, strawberries, wild blueberries. Oh yeah, can't forget that real Canadian maple syrup!
Doughnuts
gyoza
Ham, egg, garlic cream cheese baguette
bread
Boiled dinner
I paid 3€ for this; half empty Mcdonalds frappe. Wonder what else they're skeeming😭
German Obatzda and American Beer Cheese
Dark Chocolate Espresso Cookies
Hainanese chicken with chicken rice and ginger scallion sauce
pizza-like pancake
Chocolate cake with salted mocha Swiss buttercream, white and dark chocolate drizzle
Pulled Pork Five Cheese Mac
Chorizo stuffed Hawaiian rolls
a Thanksgiving Feast. Have a good day.
Birria Chicken Tacos w/ Mexican Rice
Cheeseburgers on Chaffles
Maryland pizza
East Side Church Hosting Food Giveaways Saturdays Through At Least March - Block Club Chicago
Blondes have more fun-gus burger
not perfect but freaking delicious
A little barbeque dinner of sausages, pork and satay chicken kebabs
Apple dumplings and vanilla ice cream
Brown sugar cinnamon and butter salt pretzels
Initial attempt at Eggs Benedict
WHIPPED PROVOLONE cheese
Tournedos Rossini
Fish Tacos! oc
anti peta food
Best Ever Cooking Show Sudshi Present Diwali Chiwda Recipe in Hindi | How to Make Murukku | Chakli Chivda :
Me and some other person made this in our culinary school, what do y’all think?
Swedish Meatballs and Egg Noodles. Recipe inspired from u/nunu6k
Can yall sign this please, it's in Hebrew but it's important
Eggnog Waffle with Cinnamon Carmelized Pears and Blackberry Syrup
roasted sea bass with sour tomato broth
Peanut Fesenjān
Vietnamese thit nuong
A sous vide a $17 ungraded tenderloin from Winco
NY strip, frozen tater tots and fries
Surf &amp; Turf! Chateaubriand, red wine demi glacé reduction; broiled lobster tail with compound butter; baked potatoes, sautéed spinach.
Ribeye, radicchio, panzanella
Chicken gumbo
Freshly made Scones.
Swedish meatballs on crushed potatoes
Samphire poached Sea bass with ginger and lemongrass miso broth, a crisped skin and fresh chilli.
Peruvian Ceviche
Lobster Rolls with Baked French Fries
fried chicken sandwich with clam chowder
Pad Thai
Pakistan Debutant Takes Stunning Catch To Dismiss Aiden Markram. Watch - NDTVSports.com
Scallops with Lime, Garlic, Jalapeño and Sweet Smoked Paprika
Old Video From Dehradun Viral as Jio Tower Burning in Punjab - The Quint
Zuppa Toscana
Apple Cinnamon loaf
BBQ Jackfruit Manwich - Vegan Garbage Food Night
this insanely amazing Ahi Tuna Tostada Especial and Daquiri
Birthday Cheesecake! – with ricotta, ginger, three types of pears, coconut, and a topping of blackberries and mint
Croissants.
Made some Japanese style cheesecake. Added some ice cream and chocolate dipped strawberries. It was a little hard to make, and I should have doubled the recipe. It was super yummy though. tasted even better the next day after being in the fridge the whole night.
Cacio e Pepe &amp; Focaccia
AMONG US: Làm Đồ Ăn từ MÁI TÓC Công Chúa RAPUNZEL - Thánh Nấu Ăn ASMR St...
reheated chicken enchiladas 😍
a chocolate praline mousse bomb
Baked French toast or French toast bread pudding—whichever you prefer!
20 oz 60 day dry-aged bone-in ribeye, red wine jus, squash purée
Fried pig intestine best combo with vinegar lots a chilis and onions. tasted this in PH last year, can't wait to have it again soon. #cravings
Easy oven baked chicken bacon Mac n cheese (small pan is with grain free, Banza noodles)
Waffles with fruit drizzled in caramel sauce and powdered sugar
Fruit Pie.
Cashew chicken with blanched peppers and onion on wonton strips bed. In homage to chef David Leong of Springfield, the Asian Colonel Harland Sanders.
Smoked Chicken spun in wing sauce (with spicy Cajun roasted potatoes)
almond ricotta cake
Breakfast McGangbang
Christmas Cookies
Grilled cheese sandwich. Ingredients: sourdough bread, tomato, avocado, Gruyere and Reading Raclette cheeses. Let’s eat! 🤤
Dia de los muertos cookies
Hasselback potatoes with chicken slice
If we are posting bacon, I smoked some too this weekend. NC, Cheshire Pork
Nashville Hot Chicken and Waffles. I miss my home town food on game days.
Blueberry Muffins. Sad haha
Egg noodles and meatless meatballs
Mexican Street Corn Deviled Eggs
chip pizza
Quail Roast
Baked salmon, pan seared ham, baked lobster tail, deviled potatoes &amp; stir fried asparagus (Pumpkin pie was from the store).
chorizo and potato casserole
Zucchini Parmesan
Heirloom Tomato Sourdough Galette
cheese eggs, apple sausage, bacon n grilled apple n pear feat. Caramel drizzle and berries
Salted Bourbon Caramel Apple Pie
NYE gifts for my fam jam so we could party separately, together! Love charcuterie boards!
Egg nog. Food and drink in one. A miracle, really.
Ratatouille.
Bacon jalapeño poppers ! Came out yummy 😋
chocolate chunk cookies
greek Shrimp with Ricota
Calamari
Sausage and mushroom pesto
baked ziti with my day 1 pasta advent calendar
smoked beef jerky
Crumbly Lemon Meringue Pie Fudge
lemon-ricotta ravioli, salmon, wild broccoli and white wine sauce
immunity booster [
Baked pasta with mozarella and pizza-style tomato sauce
Apple crisp and ice cream
Mickey Mouse Cake
Red Fish Fillet with Mayonnaise &amp; Cheese Crust
Yam fries
Mushroom soup w/ porcini powder dusting
Fried Plaintain with hot tea!
chicken mash &amp; salad
Rump Steak, with homemade chips, fried tomatoes, onions and mushrooms.
Birria
baked ham
Soft Taco Party Pack 🤩
Berry Tart
Baked Chicken with Herbs
Tourtière
hot chicken wings
Easy Blueberry lemon pound cake
Bo Ssäm to put in lettuce wraps.
my take on Asian-Style Noodles
Challah turkey
Persian Lambshank with Herb Rice and Balgur Soup
hotdog ramen(and made)
Sushi
Sliders &amp; Roasted Broccoli
Chinese style sticky chicken with white rice
These are delicious. I’m trying to figure out how to make these. Any tips will be appreciated I can’t seem to find a recipe.
creamy polenta with gorgonzola and toasted walnuts
BBQ ribs, potatoes, purple sweet potatoes, carrots, garlic, beans and peppers.
pizzas!
spicy shrimp 5 cheese mac and cheese.
crackers and brie cheese
Chinese Hamburger
Steak &amp; Chips!
Beef and noodle soup
My own version of Pad Thai
Spice Braised Brisket
New Youtube Channel Meals and Memories
Triple decker BLT, toasted on the interior, with an Egg soaked fried middle slice, and wholegrain mustard mayo, With a pinch of basil. Took me 3 days to work up the motivation to make for lunch.
Ribeye hash with new red potatoes, over easy egg and fresh baked bread into toast.
Banana &amp; Chocolate Chip Muffins
Failed baguette.
Stuffed Acorn Squash
Halibut dinner
Spares sauced with @meatmitch WHOMP! and @texaspepperjelly cherry habanero rib candy on one rack and spicy Thai ginger sauce on the other. Used @meatchurch Gospel rub on both.
I think you deserve some good carbonara
Red velvet muffins with cream cheese frosting (original recipe)
Black ink squid risotto
Double Cheeseburger with special sauce
Ali Nazik Magnificent Taste From Ottoman Cuisine
Double Cheeseburger and fries
Beef Burger with mozzarella and maasdamer cheese
pumpkin truck cookie
Banana bread French toast with backyard peaches!
Bacon Cheeseburger
Carne Asada taco
leczo
Rolles grilled cheese white cheddar
Fish and chips
Bitter Gourd Curry
Dessert cake check Handmade Me
Chicken Piccata
Behold, my burger.
Smoked prime rib with porcini mushroom gravy, funeral potatoes, Caesar salad, Dungeness crab
Banoffee Pie with caramelized Hazelnuts
big pot of pastalaya
Breakfast stack with potato rostis, corn fritters and homemade pickled onions
Leftover turkey shepherds pie I call it pilgrim's pie
This beautiful ravioli  for dinner
eggplant and sausage lasagna
Fresh egg pasta, handrolled
vegan dessert of chocolate mousse, raspberry sorbet, raspberry gel and pistachio caramel
strawberry and chocolate cake with cream cheese frosting
awwwmelette
Garden Squash Ravioli
Brocccolini &amp; Herb soup w/ housemade guanciale
Popcorn chicken with some assorted dipping sauces
Mixed berry pie
steamed gyozas I made
Seared scallops over lemon &amp; caper orzo
chocolate dipped pretzel with crushed candy cane.
Chicken &amp; Guac Burrito Bowl with Salsa Fresca &amp; Hot Sauce Crema
New year. New dumplings.
Bibimbap with beef bulgogi
Oven roasted lamb chops with an olive oil and pomegranate molasses sauce.
Bagel Breakfast Sandwich
hwe dup bap aka spicy raw fish salad
Scallop Spaghetti
Hash Browns deep fried in duck fat with steak &amp; shrimp with horseradish aioli
Yorkshire pudding  w/ bacon fat instead of pan drippings (because I have no roast 😢) sprinkled with powdered sugar instead for dessert!
New Orleans Creole Gumbo
grilled chicken sandwich with spicy mayo
cookies! White chocolate &amp; maraschino cherries, Chocolate chocolate chip, &amp; chocolate White chocolate chip
https://ift.tt/3iQ5hbp
Chicken Tika Masala with Onion Baji, Fresh Garlic Naan and (not pictured) Mango Lassi.
Chocolate-cinnamon-cherry loaf.
Chili sien carne with rice and guacamole
Knafeh Cupcakes
Pasticho, pan de jamón, salad and hallacas.
Baked egg toast with Bacon
Mussels in white wine cream sauce
Hello Kitty sugar cookies
My take on “pumpkin sliders”
Escalope with vegetables (asparagus, carrots)
Vanilla Soufflé
NEED : NEIGHBORHOOD NACHOS FROM APPLEBEE'S
A sweet take on Sushi
Maple walnut cookies with a maple butter glaze.
Easy Qulfa Recipe by Jenny | قلفہ پاکستانی ريسپی |
The Croquembouche Birthday Cake
Elk w butternut squash n parsnip purée
Beef stew and beerbread
RED COCONUT CHUTNEY
delicous cookies
Best tempura in Kyoto
chicken sausage, spinach and soft cheese pasta
Pork loin roast, celeriac purée, roasted broccoli and pan sauce
cake with custard
CAKE
- Beef Stroganoff
Siomai
Veggie burger
Star Wars chocolate cake
Roast beef and Provolone on Dark German Wheat LTO, Mayo, Oil and Vinegar, Oregano
Substitute Soup at end of the month Sausage, potatoes, spinach, and milk products
Louisiana shrimp boil
Two kinds of banana bread
Gluten-Free Double-Chocolate Cookies
Christmas Lunch done and dusted 2020 in Australia!!!
Perfect  snack.
Gin &amp; Tonic
Chicken tetrazzini with a tomato &amp; cucumber side salad
MiniWaffles by me
same day Instant rolled oats sourdough
Delicious Irish Moss Guinness Punch Drink....Nice &amp; Easy Simple Cooking
available Thursday-Sunday in Grapevine, Tx. ~Hop&amp;Sting Brewery
cinnamon rolls just before icing!
Asian food plate- pork with peppers, chicken lo mein, dumplings with chili oil. All homemade.
Smoked Bacon Wrapped, Cream Cheese Stuffed Jalapeños
West Australian rock lobster with garlic butter and lime.
Vegetable stew and baked cabbage
Steak
Leek and potato soup with Garlic bread for the cold evenings
Pepperoni Flower?¿?
Made butternut squash soup with bacon and crème fraîche last night, and it turned out amazing!
Birthday cake
Baumkuchen (chimney cake) filled with chocolate, ice cream and banana slices.
Egg, sausage and cheddar on an Onion bagel
Garlic bread chicken parm sandwich
Nacho Themed Cheeseburger
My second attempt at Pizza Dough. It was more “biscuity” than I wanted. Any advice is much appreciated.
rosemary focaccia with roasted tomatoes
Lasagna rossa e bianca
Xmas Macarons
Chocolate Chip Challah French Toast
morning donuts
holiday sweater cookie with sprinkles
Cheese Bread
Lemon basil pasta and salmon
Neapolitan style pizza
Braised beef short ribs
fried chicken Bao buns with Korean hot sauce 🐔
Double Smash burger 'BigMac' toastie
Ramen Burger
Scotch Eggs
Chicken Tortilla Soup in the crockpot. The 5 hours was well worth it!
BBQ Lamb Rib
New Zealand Whitebait fritters with simple side salad
Pita Sandwiches
Deep-Dish Cast Iron Pizza
Jalapeno Vodka Gimlet
medium rare prime rib roast
Cream Cheese Rangoons
Tortellini in Bianco
stir-fry noodles in my new duckie bowl
Cauliflower and peas on top of spinach rice
Chicken Kebabs
Stuffed-crust Cheese Pizza
Meatloaf, sautéed green beans, and fondant potatoes
Smoked Salmon &amp; Cream Cheese, Toasted Sesame Seed Bagel
Mini snack board
Moroccan Chicken with Apricots &amp; Peppers
Mary Berry Cherry Cake
Sage and Onion Pork Pie
Brown Butter Matcha Cookies
My  Food Video Edit
Lemon Raspberry Cake with Lemon Cream Cheese Frosting
the best salad
Philly Cheese steak? A silly European here, what am I about to eat and will I die?
Chimney Cake - Sweet bread, sweet treat
a double rascals burger and two chicken thighs.
Mom’s Passover matzo ball soup!
beef wellington &amp; russian salad
"""homemade" Rava Ladoo | Simple Recipe of coconut rava ladu | How to make Rava Ladoo...
Korean Short Ribs
Chicken fajitas on cassava flour tortillas.
Reverse Sear NY strip
Filet mignon, garlic mashed potatoes, roasted mushrooms, asparagus, carrot burnoise, bordelaise
Woman’s video on neighbour practicing same tune for months goes viral - Hindustan Times
In Guangdong Province, China, drinking morning tea is a daily habit of people. Exquisite desserts paired with fragrant chrysanthemum Pu-erh tea, this is the beginning of a good day.😊
Honey BBQ pulled pork burgers with homemade brioche buns
Katsu rice bowl
Shake Shack style burger
Eggs in Purgatory
Tagliatelle w/chorizo, mushroom, manchego, and olive oil.
Julia Child Beef Bourguignon Recipe Simplified
My Mates newest invention Egg a la Yorkie
Fries and Bean Stew...Neighborhood restaurant.
fresh doughnuts
Pandan Flavoured Coconut Jam, a popular jam in Southeast Asia
Nashville Chicken Sandwich
caramel basque cheesecake
Bao Buns with Swedish Meatballs, served with gravy and lingonberry jelly
Smoked Haddock Eggs Benedict
freshly caught salmon filet with potatoes and homemade sauce hollandaise
Soup Dumplings🤤
"Loukoumades" (Greek style Doughnuts) with honey, roasted sesame and cinnamon
Taiwanese Braised Pork Belly
cranberry cream cheese dip
Antipasto salad platter
mac and cheetos
Fruits De Mere w/ Black Pepper Tagliatelle, Baby Broccoli &amp; Butter Toasted Baguette
Grilled chicken legs with fresh matcha salsa.
Giant dough balls for pizza, these kids eat well
Colored pretty patties from SpongeBob
Easy Frito Pie
Sourdough Onion Date Black Olive Black Garlic Impossible Burger Pizza
Fried Spring Roll
Over Easy Eggs - Eggs, Butter, Toast
Do u want to drink with me?
Ethiopian Yataklete kilkil
Sweet potato mash, pan seared Sea Bass, Asparagus spears and a (sort of) beurre blanc sauce.
hand cut noodles with a parmesan alfredo, and meatballs.
Smoked mackerel
Dry brined roast spatchcock chicken in Italian herb run with a side of duck fat hasselback potatoes

kefta + poached egg
Falafel Mezze Platter
sweet and tangy pineapple and cucumber pickle (acar timun&amp; nenas), spicy anchovy sambal (sambal Ilan bilis) and deep fried boiled eggs cooked in coconut and chilli (telur balado)
Baked Alfredo Pasta
Brown sugar tapioca pearls
Neapolitan style Halloween pizza!
Fettuccine Pesto with Cherry Tomatoes, Parmesan, and Feta
The size of the prawns at my Job
Thai Green Curry
Meat and Cheese Board
my favorite breakfast
Curry chicken with avacado roti
Breakfast Casserole with Salsa, Sour Cream, and Cheese
Italian bread with creamy, cheesy spinach and artichoke dip! The bread was ok, but the dip was delicious! I just wish I would have gotten a more golden cheese topping. I mixed it before taking the photo.
Key lime pie !
Spaghetti with Fresh Tomato Mest Sauce and Caciocavalo Cheese
Breakfast ramen this morning and I loved it.
Chocolate Revel Bars
pho with rare steak and well done brisket. It was great
Ribwich
Shrimp Alfredo
Ceviche
Pulled Pork
Mushroom Tomatoes Green Peas Curry|మష్రూం పచ్హి బటాని కూర|Home Kitchen Holland|India
Fresh bread, mayo, tomatoes, bacon and lettuce.
Parisienne Gnocchi: Wild mushrooms, leeks, Mornay sauce, topped with Parmigiano-Reggiano
Truffle Steak Tartare
Beef bourguignon with spaghetti
Pumpkin Parfaits
baked potato with egg, cheese, and bacon bits
Sourdough Bagels
Le Waffle Lyonnaise
Chocolate bread roll
gluten-free delicious wine cookies
Sausage-Cheese Kolache
The ONLY steak I could find at the grocery store in Puerto Rico. Smaller than my hand!
Prawn, Tomato and Chilli Risotto
Chicken tortilla soup! 🤤
Boston Creme Doughnuts
S u b W a y
Lobster tail
Lancashire Hotpot
Egg with egg
(Campmade) Grilled Squid
Cheeseburger
https://ift.tt/2LPgzke
Pub Special Burger
honey and soy salmon with herby potatoes
Delicious papusas
Australian meat pies
Custard Tart with Strawberries
carnitas tacos.
Indian Spiced Quiche
chicken parm.
Chicken Caesar Salad
Chicken Shwarma
Cream Cheese Danishes
Pecan smoked whole chicken and glazed bone in breasts
I ate ribs last night. And this is how I grilled it ! @Ribs #Grilling #Grilling
Christmas Ham Shaped Cookies
All homemade ingredients gyros, super fun to make
Chocolate cake- “”
Ribeye and shrimp with roasted broccoli and smashed potatoes for Christmas dinner.
Roast Turkey, onion, jalapeño, mushroom, spinach omlette with turmeric and black pepper, topped with green onion, cilantro, avocado and smokey red zahtar
Stuffed Crust Pepperoni Pizza
Ribeye with Mashed Red &amp; Yellow Taters.. Cornbread on the side
Steak and Leg of Lamb over Spinach Salad with Summer Squash Potato Torte, Heirloom Tomato Tart, and Summer Succotash
Churros with Kinder Bueno Sauce
Pork and chive dumplings
pepperoni and hot honey pizza
Veganized KFC famous Bowl to celebrate National Nugget Day (yes, the US has a holiday for everything)
Fajitas and Sausage
New York Strip
Cheap ramen style dish
Pepperoni, bacon and mushroom pizza
oxtail stew with rice and peas
Øllebrød
Thai beef soup with pickled garlic &amp; glass noodles
Layered Honey-Walnut and poached peach semifreddo
Bigg Boss 14: Shilpa Shinde Reacts to Viral Video of Her Bashing Rahul Vaidya - News18
lemongrass grilled hanger steak lettuce wraps with nuoc cham.
tostadas
Ravioli in a Creamy Tomato Beef Sauce with PestoJack Grill Cheeses as Croutons
Flank Steak with chimichurri in plantain cups
Caribbean Chicken With Spicy Corn And Potatoes
Spicy Egg Bhurji.
Paper Dosa
Grilled chicken/ranch/bacon burger with fries.
chicken piccata
The largest of 3 charcuterie trays we made for Christmas... so good! 🤩
Crispy spicy chicken drumsticks
Salmon Steak
Australian Wagyu Ribeye
American-Chinese style Beef &amp; Broccoli
Turkey and Basil meatballs with green pesto, mozzarella and homemade marinara sauce.
Banoffee Cheesecake
salami chilli and cheese pizza - winner!
yellowtail jalapeño 🤤
This dish is called Doogè
Four bone prime rib roast. Salt/pepper/spice rub. Garlic buttered. Smoked on cherry and oak woods that were gifted to me by my Reddit r/secretsanta.
Sucuk with Eggs
Sausage rolls, garlic butter asparagus, and baked potato
Veggie Enchiladas
I put oysters and eggs in ramen. with 3 kimchi
Chicken chopped liver and gribenes
Shorshe Pabda ( Pabo catfish in mustard sauce) and rice
In the last few years food company's have been making more and more things with vegetables. So why not dive in and see what it is all about.
Miso ramen with chicken katsu (sunny side egg because I always screw my boiled egg)
breakfast made by me
Birds in a nest with farm fresh eggs, pico, and fresh venison sausage and toast medallions
Raven, The Acid Bath Princess of the Darkness in 2021 l - Alternative Press
Swordfish steak with cherry tomatoes, olives and roast potatoes.
beets
Ribeye steak with beef fat fried rice
BBQ chicken sandwich with Fries
Hashbrown Sammie with side of hot sauce
“Hot Tiger Bun” Sichuan Peppercorn Spicy Fried Chicken Sandwich with Buttermilk Ranch, Pickles, and Chinese Yellow Mustard
Potatoes and vegetables with chicken fried in the owen
New Jersey/New York Style Bagels
One of the best burgers in the country.
Asian night - Sushi, Crab Salad, Hong Kong style pan fried egg noodles and Dim Sum (pre packaged)
Loaded Baked Potato Pizza on a Sourdough Crust
lobster tail two ways
Pan roast fuck breast, jerusalem artichoke puree, golden beets with blood orange &amp; red wine sauce
Oysters I farmed and Grilled
Mushroom rissoto
Arroz a la valenciana
Croque Madame With Tomato Soup
Perfectly filled pecan pie
a killer BBQ meat platter
Bread Paneer Veggies Masala with Fruit Juice!
leftover vegetarian tikka masala with crispy rice and arugula
Double-Smoked Apple Cider Glazed Ham
Shrimp ceviche
Furikake-Spiced Chicken Wings

fresh pasta with shallots and grilled chiken with cayenne pepper
Lamb valentines meal
Winter salad of sweet potato, lentil, crispy shallots, spinach, parm, and fried egg
AAA Angus Strip with grilled Asparagus and Garlic mashed Potatoes
ribeye sandwich
Apple Cider Spiced Pork Tenderloin and Grilled Apples
miso carbonara ramen
Cuban Sandwich.
Baked Ratatouille
Papas con Chorizo
Stuffed Pork Chops with Mushroom Sauce
round challah to celebrate the new year. 🍎 🍯
Easy chilli chicken recipe
Rich Pudding
French Onion Soup &amp; Blackened Chicken Caesar Salad
Bánh Burger và Khoai Tây Chiên Làm Từ LEGO CỰC ĐẸP MẮT | Funny Stop Moti...

My attempt at a  pineapple upside down cake
snowskin mooncake cupcakes
25 boxes' worth of hard tack candy, brown butter chocolate chip cookies, peppermint marshmallows, candied orange peels, glazed spiced pecans, pumpkin spice caramels, peanut brittle, and fudge. Merry Christmas!
Pork Tenderloin Satay with Peanut Sauce
bacon, egg, cheese bagel
Lufthansa fires 103 Indian cabin crew members citing COVID-19 pandemic impact: Report - Moneycontrol
Vietnamese Broken Rice
Thai shrimp soup
Battenberg cake
this roast beef sandwich
NY Strip steaks
Crawfish &amp; Grits
Woman sticks cow dung cakes on wall like a pro
Breakfast Sandwich - Everything Bagel with Scrambled Eggs, Bacon, and Pepper Jack Cheese.
Chicken Enchiladas
OUR FAVOURITE 2020 RECIPES
Steve has 1000 carrots and needs to...
Indices end choppy day in the red Smoked Ribs
chicken meatballs
homemade baguette with herbed goat cheese spread and homegrown tomatoes
Chicken tequila adobe tacos
addicted to making macarons. Someone stop me.
egg n cheese (n onion/ham/pepperoni/jalapeño) breakfast sandwich
Minestrone with lots of veggies
Baby back Ribs, chicken, shrimp, sweet potato and broccoli
Single Origin Trinitario Chocolate Brownies
Chicken potatoes shrimp garlic butter pasta
Slow cooker brisket, potato dauphinoise and brocollini
Single Ball Spaghetti
Apple Pie
Cajun Prawns cooked through a combination of intuition and a half looked at recipe
sushi 🍣 😁
Pork Bulgogi
Hilarious 'Midwest Siri' Video Going Viral in Minnesota and WI - kdhlradio.com
Avocado toast. Avocado, fried egg, fresh dill, salt, pepper, lemon juice - on toasted brioche.
Fries with Ramen Seasoning
Dark chocolate &amp; orange brownies
Ham, salami, and egg on a ciabatta roll
Mini berries tarts with vanilla custard
Spicy, smokey roasted cod with roasted squash/pepper/onion/garlic, avocado, dandelion greens, and carrots on quinoa!
filet
Sous Vide Lamb Rump, chared gem, mint sour cream, pommes Anna, black pudding bon bon
Cheeseburger wontons with burger sauce
Hamburger Helper
old fashioned doughnuts
- Various spice jars
Beef rice bowl
Thin crust pizza (pepperoni, salami, jalapeños, black olives, onions)
My  mini Mezze - tasty, healthy and easy to make.. cook a little bit of the Mediterranean!
Pizza Thyme
potstickers and kung pow chicken over jasmine sticky rice
cauliflower based pizza
fillet of beef, pigs in blankets, pork and sage stuffing, roast potatoes, carrots &amp; parsnips
Swedish Meat Ball Attempt 2
chicken noodles
Taquitos al pastor \^n^/
Chocolate Covered Pretzels!
Caramelized Honey Bread with Whipped Cream + Chocolate Syrup
Soft Chocolate Ice Cream
Toasted, buttered baguette with sweet balsamic glaze, mesquite turkey, Cajun turkey, provolone, swiss, spicy brown mustard, honey mustard, deli dressing, lettuce and tomato with classic ruffle chips
Charcuterie board.
Lamb Quesabirria Tacos
Bûche de Noel.
Yeast rolls - simple, but delicious
Genesis k Tv
Cheesecake Brownies
kfood tteokbokki with pasta sauce
Tacos 2 Ways
ramen! Delicious!!
Millionaire Brownies
Chocolate Gugelhupf with frozen berries on top
Haggis, Neeps &amp; Tatties with a whisky peppercorn sauce
Croissant (pt. 2)
Chicken Pho
Steak, Potato, Asparagus Platter
Pickle brine marinated chicken strips!
Oven fries
Mulligatawny Soup
Beef Wellington assembly using Gordon Ramsay's recipe and method.
fresh pasta with foraged wine cap mushrooms!
Salisbury steak
char siu - Chinese bbq pork
Street sushi
Mushroom noodle soup
Micro Thanksgiving - Cornish Hen, Ginger-panko stuffing, cheezy turmeric whipped potatoes w/ hen gravy &amp; asparagus in butter
Grilled Turkey Sandwich Melt with bacon and avocado
Willy-Yums favorite Bacon Mac &amp; Cheese and Chili Cheese Hotdogs are amazing!
Chiles en Nogada (real mexican)
Takoyaki (Japanese Octopus Balls)
seared filet, steamed broccoli, roasted potatoes, Texas toast, Sicilian lemon garlic sauce
Coca Cola Glazed Ham with Coca Cola Ketchup.
Seafood Yakisoba with Shredded Cabbage, Mushrooms, and Bean Sprouts
steak sandwich
Chicken pad see ew (Thai food)
chocolate and spiced vanilla pumpkin cake filled with treats.
Sourav Ganguly To Undergo Stenting On Thursday - NDTVSports.com
My failed attempt at cronuts
Tagliatelle Carbonara
Hamachi with Spicy Cilantro
Chocolate Cake
Mille crepe cake
Smash burger with caramelized apples and onions, Swiss, cheddar, and an apple butter bbq sauce
BBQ ribs, sweet and sour ribs, baked chicken, mashed potatoes, garden vegetable rice, and salad
Pink is THE flavour,
Rose Apple Tarts
家常烙饼最简单的做法，柔软多层，做法详细
Sourdough and sharp cheddar grilled cheese. Simple yet it gets the job done!
“Lagman” basically spaghetti with meat and vegs
Bone-In Ribeye, Grilled Asparagus, and Street Corn
Avocado, Bacon and Tomato Toast on homemade flat bread
vanilla custard tartlets.
curry and crab.
white sauce pan pizza
Asian style soy sauce pasta with fried egg
Pupusas.
Braised Lamb Shank with Mashed Potato, Tenderstem Broccoli and Yorkshire Pudding
Inspired by another Full English breakfast today and wanted to give it a try. It was amazing.
Initial attempt at tamales went well!
Charcuterie Plank (on plates)
Sweet &amp; Sour Pork Meatballs
Dry Aged Tomahawk Ribeye, Charred Brussel Sprouts, Béarnaise
Faschierter Braten mit Kartoffelpüree und Schmorzwiebeln - Meatloaf with mashed potatoes and braised onion.
Christmas Eve snack dinner spread.
Pasta with meatballs and tomato sauce.
meat sandwich my mom made for me, I love my mom
Smoked Bacon Wrapped Turkey Roulade
Oven roasted wings
Jamaican jerk chicken.
Castello Blue Cheese and Snackbread
Five is your lucky number of fruits and veggies to live longer, but not all of them count'Why should I praise Ashwin and Axar if Root is taking 5/8': Inzamam wants ICC to take action against Ahmedabad pitch - Hindustan Times
Spaghetti Aglio en olio
Taipei Food Show 2020
Pork Chop topped with an apple chutney, baked potato and green beans
Burger and vegetables
Anna's Old Fashioned Coconut Pie
No Knead White Bread
Tamago Kake Gohan
Halibut Cheeks with Lemon Risotto, Cauliflower &amp; Pickled Beets
Smoking Pork Ribs!
samyupsal version in the philippines 🇵🇭
Bacon Cheese Burger
for you tuna lovers with an aesthetic eye :)
coconut cashew curry
Sausage and pepper pizza, 96-hour fermented dough.
Rosemary Infused Apple Cranberry Galette
Sweet bbq ribs
Niboshi Shoyu Ramen
Udon noodle soup
pistachio and cream cake
Bagel Seitan Teriyaki Burger with Cheese Sauce
Greek stuffed venison tenderloin with Irish butter and lemon asparagus with a Greek salad
Air fried chicken wings
Fish Sauce Caramel Flan
homemade steak fries with arugula, lemon, balsamic, honey, and sliced pear salad
Fish Tikka Curry with Basmati rice and Pappadums
Scramble egg, sharp cheeder cheese and spicey hot sausage in spinach wrap.
I also made some actual donuts
Frog meringue cookies
Christmas cookies!
My dad made a salad nicoise
seared salmon over roasted asparagus
Gefilte fish
Yellow Curry w/ Tofu, Spinach, Golden Potatoes &amp; Jasmine Rice
Genshin Impact Cake for Travelers
Irish Lamb Stew
Wild deer With roasted pepper sauce, pesto, leek sour cream and parsley drops and leaves
this for dinner a few weeks ago
waffles and blueberry sauce
Italian rainbow cookies
Chicken Alfredo.
Top 12 Foods That Make You Feel Happy:  Strawberries Salmon Sunflower Yogurt Walnuts Cherry Tomatoes Popcorn Oregano Eggs Turkey Oysters"
Hot chicken taco on Pimento Cheese quesadilla shell.
Steak, egg and bacon on an English muffin
Shrimp lasaña with garlic bechamel and spinach
Swordfish, Aparagus &amp; Fingerling Potatoes!
Roast Beef. Could’ve done with taking it out a little sooner but I’m not too disappointed.
Lebanese 7 spice chicken, hummus, cucumber salad and jasmine rice with middle eastern ghee
Rumchata cupcakes
Apple Cheese Toast
some morning cinnamon buns. (Recipe from Joshua Weissman)
Chipotle chicken flatbread pizza
lettuce wrapped burger
a Cubano sandwich.
chicken fried steak, mashed potatoes, &amp; peas
Leg of Lamb
Crispy on the Outside and Juicy on the Inside Air Fryer Baby Back Pork Ribs
Soft Pretzels and Beer Cheese Dip
Italian Dinner!
House Special Bahn Mi
shoyu ramen with gyoza
Taco Salad
Truffle Souffle
Mahi Mahi, crab, cucumber, cream cheese sushi roll
jalepeno and cheese rolls (don't know why the photo looks so yellow and high contrast)
passion fruit cheesecake
some banana bread I made earlier today on stream on r/redditinthekitchen
pan seared duck breast.
Olive bread with sesame!
Caprice salad with home made balsamic reduction, Fettuccine Alfredo pasta, bacon and sage mushrooms, and steak with a chimichurri
Fried Naan Bread with Chickpea Curry
1 month aged steak 🤤
Spicy chicken burger
Variety of Doughnuts
Spaghetti al Nero di Seppia
Pizza samosas
Pozole verde
Made a giant cookie with my daughter :)
Breakfast Cookies ""
Testing 5 popular chocolate chip cookie recipes
coconut curry shrimp and rice noodle soup
Cast Iron Pizza
Brownie Caramel Cheesecake
Squid Ink Ciabatta
Pasta Primavera
Beer Batter Fried Fish, Homegrown Potato Fries, and a Tangy Dijon Coleslaw. All Gluten Free!
Clothespin Cookies
Big Mac Egg Rolls
Spanish Omelette with potatoes, onions, tomatoes, chillies and olives!
Fresh Fruit Tart with Pineapple-Lemon Curd Filling
Avocado, cream cheese, dill, cucumber toast with scrambled eggs, beans, fried mushrooms, sausage, Parma ham and tomatoes
Pile of St. Louis Ribs finished with a Raspberry Chipotle BBQ sauce.
Bacon and egg, mushroom, cilantro and tomato fried rice
Crispy Baja Fish Tacos
Pane Toscano
Decadent Chocolate Cupcakes with Baileys Buttercream! (Made lactose free)
Taco Recipe is her watch it
Chicken Tortilla soup with homemade Tortilla strips
Very tasty food
mushroom fried rice with roasted mushrooms
BBQ Jalapeño Burger with spicy slaw and baked fries
Homemade sorbet that I did over the summer
Smoked Pork Breakfast Taco
Three Cheese Meat Lasagna
Pork with Israeli mushroom couscous.
Pandan Cinnamon Rolls &amp; Pandan Cream Cheese Frosting
Omlet with a new touch
soft ginger molasses cookies
brown butter apple pie
Korean bipimbap
"" Dalgona coffee
Bimbimbap
Tea Time Chocolate Cake Recipe in Telugu చాక్లెట్ కేక్ ని సాయంత్రం టీ టైం కి సింపుల్ గా చేసుకోవచ్చు
Chocolate Chip Cookie Cake
Reverse Seared NY strip, Creamed Spinach, and Roasted Potatoes
Bolognese Pasta with Garlic Parmesan bread
Handmade gnocchi with speck, mushrooms, parsley, pepper and Gorgonzola cream.
Home made Churros to die for!!! If you want the recipe and a full video on how to make them click the link bellow :) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0_E4_NpAkt4&amp;t=2s Enjoy!!!
chicken spaghetti
Keto birria tacos, a no name taco and a birria mulita
Star Bread with Spinach, Lamb and Feta
S’mores Tart!
Turkey pot pie for those on New
- Shahi Paneer, an Indian cuisine
Curso Panetone Gourmet
pressure Cooked Tri-tip Steak Sandwich w/ Kerrygold Cheddar, Cream Horseradish, &amp; Mayo On a Fresh Hoagie
Wagyu burger with everything and some
Chinese Scallion Tofu Salad
Green onions wrapped in beef
Eggplant rolls with walnut filling
Sicilian Cannoli!!! Yummy Dessert ... I love it :)
Strawberry crêpes with a cream cheese filling.
Pecan Chocolate Chip Blondies
_Homemade) Fusilli Giganti with traditional Ragu Bolognese
Fermented Hot Sauce 2 weeks ago is getting finalized today! You can tune in live to give feedback right NOW!
gingerbread men!
spicy beef noodle soup
Feeding America helping Kentuckians struggling with food insecurity - WBKO
Accidental TikTok videos from rural Indiana clerk’s office go viral - Fox News
Eggs, bacon &amp; blueberries on waffles with maple syrup
Panettone (scotch bing cherries &amp; dark chocolate
Chinese Hot Pot
Kimchi Beef Hash
Today's dinner  Shish tawook (grilled chicken) + veal kebab + grilled vegetables
Fluffy ricotta pumpkin pancakes
Black Cocoa Cake with Dark Chocolate Ganache &amp; Caramelised White Chocolate Frosting
Double-layered beef nachos. Served with guac, salsa and refried beans with chilis.
Smoked Paprika meatballs with lemon and celery root
Chocolate Chip &amp; Eggie Cookies!
Jalapeno Cheddar Bread
Granny's snail &amp; rabbit paella
Noodles with mozzarella and tomatoes
My  Japanese A5 Wagyu Steak with sautéed asparagus and shiitake mushrooms sautéed in the residual wagyu fat
Romaine salad with shrimp, peppers, avocado, chives and parm.
Steam dumplings
Limoncello.
Blueberry Swirl Muffins with lemon sugar. I have not baked in over two years. If you are struggling with depression and suicidal thoughts please reach out to someone or to me, things do get better.
Rich Tea Biscuits
Breakfast Crunchwraps; sausage, egg, hash browns, salsa and cheese.
Wagyu ribeye, truffle mac &amp; cheese, and mashed potatoes.
Kangaroo burgers w' Murican cheese
Quiche
Pan seared scallops over a corn and avocado salad with a cilantro lime crema
Yorkshire Parkin
ish Cherry Cheesecake! My SO made this and asked me to share!
Turmeric Tea
Chocolate d*cks
6 hours smoked st Louis ribs and twice baked potatoes
Fondue
My SO’s attempt at Gula Melaka Cake
Fried chicken sandwich including bun
rice, mixed seafood, pork, chicken, and fresh seaweed served with onions, tomatoes, red and green peppers, and cucumbers in vinegar and soy sauce
Pork &amp; prawn wrapped in rice paper roll at Vietnamese restaurant
maple bacon Brussels sprouts
Beet mushroom and goat cheese tortellini with sautéed beet greens in a sage and garlic sauce
Lamb Shashlik
Japanese A5 Wagyu Ribeye
Hot Chicken Wings
Pepperoni Pizza
Shrimp toast with cheddar cheese
Free pizza offer
Peppermint macarons with cranberry ganache
check out this homemade Diet and see who uses it i was so surprised to see who uses this type of diet
First time making bread. Challah back y’all!
3 Basic Sweet Sauces to Upgrade your Desserts
Roasted brussel sprouts with blue cheese
Buttermilk Sausage and Cheese Biscuits
Almond flour butter cookies!
Pancakes with Nutella sauce and strawberries
Waffles - I photographed them for my classes.
Fiancé is at work all day and doesn’t prefer BBQ. So, this was my  all-day affair, complete with sweet tea and sunflowers (plus a full roll of paper towels).
Roast Thanksgiving Duck
Cheeseburger with caramelized onion and herby fries with a spicy dip
Vegitarian Pesto Pasta and Cheesy Garlic Bread
King crab claw
Milk peda tasty
sea urchin and black truffle on Teowchew style fried rice
Wild Garlic Pesto &amp; Orange Rigatoni
beef burgers on a homebaked bun with garlic ayoli and onion jam
Lasagna for friends and family!
Fried chicken and my attempt at homemade mac &amp; cheese. Added a little too much garlic powder but still pretty great.
Blueberry Lemon bread
Fondant covered Red velvet brain cake
Buns with chickpea burger
cubed pork steak, white rice with steak juice, French style green beans and onions.
Spicy nachos
Smoked chickens.
Sou Vide Rack of Lamb with Blueberry Sauce.
Christmas Macarons
Marcus Samuelsson's "Obama" short Ribs
Braised pork shoulder, caramelized onion, crispy potatoes, avocado, poached eggs, cilantro &amp; chives.
A cheeseburger
Chicken penne pasta with peppers, peas, onions, and cashew non-dairy alfredo.
Chicken n Dumplings
Spicy cucumber apple salad
Gunkan maki with uni and quail egg yolk with caviar
pasta whit vegetable sauce
a full English breakfast at a BnB in Oxford.
Santa Maria Tri-tip tacos.
Crazy bread sticks from little caesar's.
Turkey &amp; "Dressing" Stuffed Acorn Squash
Trifle
Scrambled Eggs, Hash Browns, Green Beans, Bell Peppers and Stuffed Olives
Hickory Smoked Eye of Round and Mac N Cheese
Cast Iron Skillet Deluxe Pizza
Chole Bhature, Chicken Ruby, Paneer Aloo Gobi, Lemon Pickle and Potato Paratha
Pork tenderloin w fingerling potatoes, roast carrot, sage sauce &amp; salad of beets, apple, feta &amp; seeds
chopped cheese sandwich with Arby’s curly fries
I think i over loaded my potato
Eggs on Toast
Fairy Circle Cake - baked and decorated by my daughter
Best part of Saturday morning!! Bacon!
New England clam chowder in Panera sourdough bread bowl
This is why you shouldn’t drive and eat. Ps  the whole thing. Would you?
Walnut and chocolate cake with mascarpone sweet cream.
Gochujang Kimchi Shrimp Stir Fry with Rice
Vegetarian chocolate and pecan cake
Chocolate Babka. MODS REMOVED LAST POST
- Schezwan Peas fried rice, an Indo Chinese cuisine
Purple Cauliflower
Bacon eggvacado
Stir-fried pork with broccoli/carrots/onions in brown sauce
Shrimp scampi over linguine
LABNEH BALLS
Bamboo charcoal ice cream on a dark choco cone for Halloween
your best cheap bites from here to here?
Pot roast, egg and cheddar on cheddar herb biscuits.
Angel Hair Pasta with Scallops and Garlic Sauce with asparagus and Garlic toast.
Chicken and Rice Pilaf
Spaghetti alla Chitarra. Basil Arugula Pesto, Pistachio and Aleppo.
Breakfast sushi bites with egg, halloumi, avocado, jalapeño, sourdough bread and a red wine reduction.
Thai basil with chicken and very many chilies
Stir-fry
Crab Oscar Benedict
Strawberry Champagne Cake
Grandma's Homemade muffins
RBI brings reality dose to bank valuations - Mint
flat iron steak tacos
Croissants
Burger with peanut butter, fried egg, and bacon
Spaghetti with meatballs. An italo-American dish, made by an Italian
Mashed potato, ground beef, mixed vegetable, gravy, and biscuit casserole.
breakfast/brunch bowl
Clams in buttery garlic white wine sauce
Tenderloin, shrimp, scallops hibachi. Zucchini, mushrooms, bell pepper, onion. Jasmine rice. Homemade hot mustard and honey ginger for dipping.
Spicy chicken curry recipe
Instant K-ramen with egg and veggies
Citrus herb roasted chicken
4 cheese Mac with cheezits crumble
Mirror glaze cake.
pork shoulder chopped w garlic and roasted scallions
lemon shrimp mac and cheese 😍
Eggs, turkey bacon, sautéed spinach, orange juice and some Lulu.
Nahari
Umami pasta
Spooky Chicken Alfredo
Citrus cake with strawberry Creme
Pepperoni Pizza Omelette
Panko coated Quorn (veggie protein) with katsu curry sauce and pea &amp; crab fried rice
Former U.S. gymnastics coach dies by suicide after arrest on sex crime charges in Michigan - NBC News
carne asada
Thai Basil Beef
Chocolate Hazelnut Cake
Tiny pancakes, tiny cat for scale.
He calls it a deconstructed burrito and I don’t even know what to say about it 🥲
a quesadilla with paprika
Clams
egg white and cheese waffle with avocado and Buffalo chicken
Potato Kugel and Roasted Cauliflower
mozz stuffed meatballs
Dressed up instant ramen
Johnathan
Korean BBQ prawns.
Keto Brownies | Almond Flour | Low Carb
Peanut Butter chocolate chip cookies
Cheesesteak Bratwurst over Mashed Cauliflower/Potatoes
Oreo cheesecake
Thiccc rich  chocolate moose with raspberry’s. Delicious.
Fresh Pasta
Seared Pork Chops and Cauliflower Fried Rice
Soup
Pan seared Barramundi, steamed asparagus and baby potatoes, garlic white wine cream sauce, lemon segments, parsely oil and thyme
Potato gnocchi w/ white gravy and cheese
Spicy Habanero Ice Cream
Salted Carmel Sticky Buns
Reverse-seared ribeye
Hokkaido Brioche Burger Buns
chicken, broccoli and pasta side.
Sometimes it’s a Saturday night and you’re painstakingly making  croutons...still very worth it✅
Charcuterie tray (with pirouettes and Oreos)
Australian grain fed tenderloin steaks, spicy potato wedges, salad with furikake dressing
Buffalo Wings!
Survey on  Thanksgiving food.
Tomato Garlic Shrimps, Egg with String Beans, Roasted Seaweeds, and Soba Noodles.
So I'm quarantined at a hotel. I made some Chapaguri from the movie Parasite and added some leftover store-bought meatloaf. ?
pork floutas topped with shredded lettuce, salsa matcha, queso fresco and an avocado crema
Get $100 Pizza Hut Gift Card Today. CLICK HERE
baguette
Creamy Parmesan Basil Shrimp Pasta.
bbq pork fried rice
Pittsburgh Chocolate Crêpe
Bulgogi Banh Mi with Jicama Namasu, Ginger/Chili Mayo, and Cilantro
Peanut butter chocolate chip cheesecake with chocolate ganache and Reeses on top
Waffled gyeran bap (Korean egg rice)
Veal Marsala with pasta and mixed veggies
Zucchini-Berries Smoothie bowl and Avocado/tomato/egg sandwich
Garlic Shrimp Taco with Salsa Macha
pumpkin &amp; mushroom risotto, with nutmeg &amp; cinnamon
Palak Puri
Roasted Chicken thigh glazed with Mustard and Honey
MRT-3 files disciplinary action vs. staff in viral video, assures public of disinfection protocol in trains - CNN Philippines
breakfast melt, eggs, boiled sausage, ham and cheese.
Bacon, cheddar, and chive waffles with runny fried eggs.
Bojangles copycat Chicken n Biscuit,Hashbrowns with Sausage Gravy
Glazed and Boston Cream Donuts
Airfried Pork Katsu
chickpea chaat
Fried Rice with Kimchi
Brazilian fish stew called caldeirada paraense
Jucy Lucy fat burger
Albondigas, made With my Own beef stock
Lamb kebabs with roasted veg and powdered butter
Fisksoppa (swedish fish soup)
tacos and quesedilla!
Poutine: Braised Short Ribs, Ruffle Fries, Gravy, Bocconcini, Pickled Red Onion and Chives
sticky rice with full toppings (ground beef, Chinese sausage, chicken sausage &amp; eggs)
sous vide lobster tail over filet au poivre
Steak Frites
Fresh Pretzels
Never made sushi until now what does Reddit think?
Burgers.
mini frosted sourdough donuts
Burmese Mohingyar (national food, rice vermicelli noodles in fish sauce)
ghost mozzarella bruschetta
, English muffin pizza sandwich
Lemon/Rosemary tart
gluten free pumpkin shaped pancakes!
Calamares a la romana
Sirloin steak with chips.
Sushi Medly today trying out a small new Restaurant called Sushi Samurai.
quince parfait with a raspberry sauce
Mac &amp; Cheese
Apple cream cheese danishes
Baked Ziti, brought to me by Not Another Cooking Show on YouTube
Chongqing Laziji (SPICY FRIED CHICKEN)
What are the spots in this lemon muffin I was given?
Eggplant meatballs with green peppers and tomatoes. Bon Appetit! Just eat.
Biscuit cinnamon rolls with mixed berry compote
Roasted Squab
Gambian Peanut Stew with Rosti (Swiss potato dish) and eggs
Burger with onion rings
Smoked Turkey for my BBQ Thanksgiving
Crème chocolate with raspberry
Korean bbq
Bacon n' Eggs
Braided challah
Ranchera from a local Carniceria, simple but tasty.
scotch eggs.
cumin lamb with biang biang noodles
Roasted Chicken with White Wine Pan Sauce
Ropa Vieja
Sundubu Jigae
Veggie Tofu Ramen with Instant Noodles.
Bolognese with tagliatelle
Just got some chicken Alfredo!
Pierogies carrots onions and garlic.
oatmeal cream pies
mom making rotla. Indian bread.
Caramelized apple
a couple of steaks I made the other day
Pot Roast with Tri-Color Potatoes and Carrots
what type of pie is this? I just found it in my parents fridge
Buffalo Chicken Spinach Wrap with Roasted Carrots and Sweet Potatoes
Miến gà. (Vietnamese chicken soup w/glass noodles)
Shami Pulai with Chappal kabab and Salad
How to Make Crepes - Delicious Snack with Nutella -
Argentinian spinach empanadas
Creamy Garlic Chicken w/ a hint of truffle over penne rigate
hi, cachir or mortadella  with chicken without egg, without gluten, cooking in a goblet. more details 👇🏼
Smoked beef brisket. My best ever.
crabcake stuffed shrimp 🤤
Hot cheetos chips and cheese
Focaccia with Maldon Salt
First time ever making Beef Wellington.
Beef Stir-Fry
Chashu Pork in the making
Gluten-free beef wellington
Whole chicken and broth, celery, carrot, kale, basil, and oven roasted cauliflower, criminis, and buttons.
braised beef tacos with 4 types of salsa
Italian Sandwich - Parma, Fresh Mozzarella, Tomato, Basil, Balsamic
Coq au Vin
passion fruit cheesecake
fries
Sous Vide, Reverse Seared, Snake River Farms Black Label Picanha
Sunday sauce with meatballs, sausage, short ribs and pork chops.
Baby back ribs
Lasagna : duck fat noodles, calabrian chili bechamel, all day sausage red sauce, toasted oyster mushroom &amp; zukes, mozz, provolone, pecorino
Stimpaks from Fallout Cookbook.
Boston cream donuts
brioche buns 👌🍔
Breakfast Sando
Well its a sourdough pizza
Fried Oyster Po’boy from Howes Bayou in Ferndale, Michigan.
Pistachio Pizza. Wood fired Pizza. Fresh mozzarella, white sauce, fontina, mortadella and hot honey
Pecan Praline Bark
Nashville Hot Chicken using the Meat Church Holy Voodoo rub and Chicken Breading.
Backyard BBQ
Asari clams in pepper ginger broth; salt, pepper n lemongrass grouper; steamed baby bok choy; white n brown rice
Broccoli and Cheddar Pastry Ring with Ranch Dip
Seared tuna rice bowl
Cast iron double smash burger with shack sauce, dill pickles and pickled red onions
Dry rub bbq pork ribs
Scaloppine with linguine and truffle oil
Ground beef breakfast tacos made with authentic dried chiles, avacado cream sauce and a fermented habanero salsa.
Have a look at this read something new
Roasted chicken, mashed potatoes and roasted brussels sprouts
Low-carb tortilla bread pizza
Sunday sauce and rigatoni...
smash burger
egg noodles
Rose Hip Salami
Cream puffs with whip cream filling
Poor man's Montréal smoked meat (pastrami) sandwich.
eggs and potato’s
crab and creamcheese wontons
Sausage roll
Turkey/Bison Meatloaf stuffed with Mozzarella and Romano Cheese served with Rosemary and Thyme Roasted Red Potatoes and Carmelized Carrots.
Figs and pralin almonds ice cream
Sous-Vide Kochbücher – Empfehlungen
Goatling
Egg and oyster fried rice
Lunch at home
too much sushi o_0
vegetarian borscht
smoked chicken wings and brats
beef bourguignon
Lil smokies with Dijon mustard
Frank's Red Hot Spiced Crispy Chicken Cutlets with Monterey jack, mashed potatoes, buttery green beans, &amp; a honey drizzle from Hello Fresh
Beef Round and Brisket Pho
crust less quiche with chorizo, onion, spinach and sharp cheddar. Homemade salsa for the side.
Croque Madame 12:40 p.m.
it’s my cake day, made an apple pie.
Blueberry Buttermilk Pancakes
Shredded chicken tacos and mango salsa
subpals free youtube subscribers 2020
minecraft cake
Broccoli cheese soup
Chewy Chocolate Chip Cookies
Tuh'u : Ancient Mesopotamian lamb and beet stew
Montreal Smoked Meat Sandwich. Made by u/billson_factor
Baked Salmon
salmon with a honey bourbon glaze, bacon, with cilantro &amp; lime rice.
Cinnamon roll tree stump with confectioners mushrooms and chocolate fudge
Roasted chicken &amp; vegetables, and Lemon Souffle
chopped cheese, all the way
The Rhippo Challenege, 2 1lb. burgers &amp; 1lb. poutine
Kailash Sweets Online Indian Sweet Shop ""
Sopa Quema Grasa
Banana bread pancakes
Cajun shrimp and cheddar grits
Deep fried chicken with Cast iron mac &amp; cheese
wrap with egg white, bacon, avocado, hash brown and spicy sauce
Brown butter basted sea scallops with jalapeño sweet creamed corn, finished with scallion and chive oil.
French toast sticks, hash browns and bacon
Quorn pie in puff pastry, cheddar cheese mashed potato and fried butter cabbage
Smoked turkey - 5.5 hrs in the smoker after a 15 hr wet brine. Dry rubbed and then basted with herb butter for the last 2.5 hrs of the cook
Beet salad with grapefruit, arugula, goat cheese, toasted walnuts, and a homemade honey vinaigrette
French omelette
Carne Asada with Cascabel Pepper Sauce
Beef empanadas with salsa
Strawberry, Banana, and Kiwi Waffles
Grah aka Bosnian bean soup. Perfect for the cold winter days coming up!
Chicken, leek and cider Pie, yummy!
Freshly ground chuck and brisket trimmings chili
Garden Veggie-Stewed Tofu Scramble with Roasted Root Veggies
Espresso cheesecake  Does it look okay enough to be given as a gift?
Gourmet(?) Shin Ramyun
avocado toast
Tuscan Bean Skillet
Mini-Chicken Pot Pies in puff pastry
Smoked pork with homemade rolls and Hawaiian style Mac salad and huckleberry Moscow mule
homemade gnocchi with chorizo and mozzarella
I don’t know if I can call this Chinese but it’s really tasty
Double Queso Burger
Clams, pancetta, and white wine
For Halloween
caramel corn
Ham &amp; Cheese ... &amp; Egg Toastie
chilli
Cheeseburger with Wisconsin Cheddar Cheez Whiz
Cinnamon Rolls
(Homemade) bacon pancakes.
Roasted duck with an orange balsamic glaze
Puerto Rican Pernil
Pot Pie
Roast Ham with Pineapple and Pomegranate Glaze, herbed potatoes and assorted vegetable sides.
Vegan Hot Cocoa Bombs are the BEST way to enjoy hot cocoa this winter!
Honey Garlic Chicken and Avocado Salad
both of these pancakes in Amsterdam , they were so good and the funny part was I met someone from my own city I join him.
brisket, sausage, and rib sandwich at Salt Lick BBQ.
char siu pork belly
Sirloin steaks
Edible cookie dough by The Cookie Dough Café
noodle bowl
Wild boar sliders
milk loaf
Oxtail Stew
Beef and crispy cheese quesadilla
Pupusas!
Chilli Egg
Chicken tikka!!
Carbonara with asparagus
Chicken noodle soup, ramen style
Thanksgiving Leftovers Sandwich
My comfort food, Korean cheese spicy instant ramen with egg and extra cheese and some kimchi
Guinness cottage pie
Taiyaki
Shredded Crispy Chili Beef served with Noodles or Jasmine Rice
when you try to eat fried rice but it’s all clumped up.
Made Pierogis, I’ve never made pasta/dumpling dough before today!
Mutton biriyani, fried fish, raitaa, and kesari.
NY Strip Steak and Hasselback Potato
Pumpkin roll
Watermelon, Goats Cheese, Mixed Leaf &amp; Sesame
sourdough cinnamon rolls with date filling
All-Day Energy- Smoothing and juices
Seared weathervane scallops &amp; fresh roasted garlic fettuccine w/bacon, butter, and smoked garlic
Grilled Steak &amp; Chicken Rice Bowl with Pickled Daikon/Carrot and Siracha Aioli.
BBQ Shrimp. Thanks u/georgecali3
Butter Herb Roasted Turkey for two
Roast Turkey with Lemon, Parsley, and Garlic
- Creamed Chipped Beef on Toast (SOS)
Applewood Smoked BBQ Chicken
Mushroom and onion pasta with a garlic cream sauce, brown sugar carrots and a store bought fish cake
Crisped Brazilian skirt steak topped with garlic mushroom butter sauce
Lamb Shank Adobo
Rice, teriyaki chicken and salad :)
https://ift.tt/2YkWEfE
smokey and spicy steak and onion sandwich
Beef Wellington and Potatoes
chicken momo🤗
Pollo a la Brasa
My  Crunchwrap supreme
Marshmallow ghost brownies
one day late, but great valentines lunch.
Malort Negroni
Crusted Elk Loin with barley risotto, root vegetables, and cherry-venison Demi glacé.
Chinese Scallion Pancakes
French Bread Margherita Pizza
Breakfast Board
Chicken scampi!
my take on the double double. Enjoy it. I sure did.
Apple Tart!
tiramisu
Mini croissants (chocolate, honey and apple)
English Breakfast with pickles
pepperoni bacon sausage pizza
My attempt at French omelette
Cheesy Brisket Fries
No-bake Mini Oreo Cheesecakes!
Second try to do  makizushi/ onigiri, take almost 4 hours (plate was my birthday gift)
finally made proper pho! dry roasted spices in a pan. $7 of beef bones = 4 gallons of broth :D
A Ginger Bread House
Peach Cake with Strawberry Buttercream
Viet-Cajun Seafood Boil
Pan seared salmon with white wine butter sauce
Tuna Tartar! One of my favorite meals!
Moules Mariniere and Prawns
tagliolini with chunky beef ragu
chickpea bolognese and fresh pasta
Banana Oat + Chia Pudding Parfait, from Mexico
Guacamole, celery, Peper, eggplant, Hungarian liptauer körözött, Greek liptauer, beetroot cream/spread
Lemon Raspberry Loaf
classic spaghetti and meatballs!
Smoked rabbit with a cayenne/chipotle/garlic pepper dry rub.
a homemade Reuben Sandwich
Mochi Donuts
72 hour fermented sourdough Neapolitan pizza.
Duck Breast Prosciutto
detroit style cheese pizza
BLT(Featuring: Garlic Bread Ciabatta, Guacamole, Homemade Serrano Chile, Mayo, and Cheddar Cheese) -Never Stood a Chance
Chocolate, walnut, and glacé cherry brownies
The original Frank Pepe’s
sweet potato fries with sour cream sauce and celery/tomato salsa
Traditional Dutch New year's eve Oliebollen.
I ate homemade Pizza
eggs made with egg and extra egg for dipping I like 🥚
Showed my friend who bakes the reddit post of the Lemon Blueberry Bread and it tastes amazing
Cheese and Charcuterie, Caviar, Oysters Rockefeller, 2 types of tartare, Watercress Lyonnaise, MD Crab Cakes
Forbidden date-shells.
caviar spoons, grilled caesar, sweet corn fettuccine, seared duck, cheese plate
Butternut Squash &amp; Pecan Canneloni
Garlic Shoyu Ramen with Steak
Caprese Salad.
creme brûlée
Chicken Butter Masala and Laccha Parantha
Moroccan couscous with chicken, chickpeas, and raisins
Tilapia and garlic rice with marinated cucumbers and sweet peppers.
pizza hot pockets 🤤
Chicken and Cold Served Cake
Mediterranean Dessert. Yum.
Aleppo style mortadella.
Mango Cheese Cake.
Texas BBQ brisket ready for the slow cooker
empanadas made with thanksgiving leftovers!
Fried fish Sandwich.
cannolis
Overstuffed Chicken Thigh Tacos w/ homemade pico de gallo, sautéed peppers and onions, and avocado on toasted corn tortillas
Usando Itens De Maquiagem e Uma Carteira Louis Vuitton Para Fazer BRINDE...
Pesto &amp; heirloom cherry tomato sourdough pizza
garlic spinage ricotta grilled cheese
Low calorie French toast
My cappuccino came with a tiny ice cream
Just a square pizza
Chicken Madras with homemade coriander Naan
wonderfully marbles sirloin
Chocolate Duck Unicorn Cake
cinammon rolls
Bacon wrapped Chicken Thighs with red wine mushroom sauce and risotto
sisig rice bowl
Jalapeño and cheese sourdough boule
Chicken Tacos, with Pico de Gallo, pickled onions and Guacamole.
squirrel.
Just some Pesto Noods
White and caramel chocolate chip cookies
buche de noel
My Croque Monsieurs are almost done!
Salt Beef Bagels
dumplings
Vegan Animal Style Fries - V-Grits Louisville, KY
I ate a “turkey” strawberry!!
Lemon Garlic Butter sauce shrimp.
Spicy Crispy Chicken Sandwich
Coconut delights with orange and blueberry glaze
Italian charcuterie board for an culinary international journey
Pumpkin Cream Cold Brew
soft pretzels 🥨
Tuna Melt with Old White Cheddar Cheese.
,vegetable food
Sally Lunn style buns
Doubled baked and grilled potats
Biscuits n Gravy with a dash of hot sauce
I made that bread gamers
Chicken breast cooked in preserved lemons and Italian olives, over a farro and lentil blend, with arugula and roma tomatoes! Rainy night supper!
fried chicken hotdog rolls with garlic sauce
cheeseburger with shredded cabbage, pickles and mayo along with roasted potato wedges.
Pasta with mushrooms
a doughnut
Coffee and Biscoff Mousse
Spinach, Red Bell Pepper, and Feta Egg White Bites
Grilled steak with onions and mushrooms
Pad Thai
The first snow of the season brings the first Pozole Verde as well! 🤤😂
Donuts filled with passionfruit curd, vanilla bean and nutella
chocolate covered Turkey pretzels for the kids
@antiinflammatoryfoods healthy gingerbread balls
Passion Fruit Mousse Cake
Mexico City Shrimp with Chipotle Garlic Mojo
My pasty pizza combo
Maryland Style CrabCakes
Japanese Fluffy Pancakes with Banana, Caramel Sauce and Vanilla Ice Cream
Vegetarian Ragu Bolognese
poke bowl
Cinnamon cheesecake with sumac and wild blueberries
spicy potato stew
Spicy Teriyaki Beef Jerky
Deer fillet, potato croquettes with swedish Västerbotten cheese, chanterelles and herbs, red wine reduction, fried kale and a green herb vinegrette.
chicken rolades with spinach, feta, and sun dried tomatoes. tomato risotto. arugula with lime dressing
Borscht, cabbage rolls, pierogi
Nepalese pork dumplings with tomato and peanut sauce
German Breakfast
Roasted cornish hen with root vegetables, stuffing, corn, and rice
Bœuf Stroganoff
Sous-vide Steak with Chimichurri sauce, Baked Potatoes with Allioli sauce and Green Salad
Callos - one pot meal, rich in protein. Beef, beef tripe, garbanzo beans, tomatoes, onions , tomato sauce, carrots and bell pepper. Oh so good.
Fresh Cape Cod Oysters 🦪 🍺
Steak Pie
Reverse seared t-bone with a brown sugar-cayenne dry rub, and garlic-herb mash w/ pan-seared mushrooms
Fried Noodles with Sunny Side Up Egg
Cajun shrimp &amp; Andouille sausage with cream sauce and grits
jelly, cinnamon sugar, and chocolate and regular glazed donuts
brisket nachos
Double decker Chicken and Aubergine Parm Garlic bread Sandwich
Goosefat Roast Potatoes
Cabbage rolls
Viral Video: Maharashtra RPF personnel save man from falling into platform gap - The Indian Express
Popeyes Chicken Sandwich
Bacon, Egg, and Gruyere Breakfast Tart
My attempt at Thai curry a couple years back when I was beginning to learn
Kofta Kebab and Batata Harra
Cheeseburger with egg, lettuce, homemade pickles, sautéed onions, ketchup and homemade sriracha Mayo!
Chicken Ramen in a Shoyu-Style Broth
Work is doing Fair-themed food since the Fair isn’t in town this year. Here’s my contribution: diced grilled chicken lightly mixed with buffalo sauce and stirred with Mac m cheese and bacon bits in a hoagie bun
🍕 PIZZA FAST
potatoes, onions and butter
A Poké Bowl
spicy parsnip and carrot soup
ASDA PIZZA UK if you know you know
White Bread Loaf
12yr Cheddar &amp; Gruyere Mac &amp; Cheese
sweet and savory Vietnamese shaking beef with lime tossed watercress
Cheesy Skillet Mashed Potatoes
Classic Filipino breakfast made by my mom!
Chocolate Peanut Butter Rice Krispie Treats with alternative Trader Joe’s Ingredients Recipe as well!
Bacon Ricotta 4-cheese Flatbread Skillet
smoked chicken breast
Eggs Benedict with prosciutto
If 2020 was a piece of food.
Best Way To Clean A Camelbak Water Bottle Step By Step
A glorious BBQ platter
Canastitas de huevo, queso, tomate, aceituna y anchoa.
Halal Snack Pack
Steamed chicken dumplings and potstickers with sweet and sour chilli soy sauce
Coquille St-Jacques
Chicken Wings
The best burger I have eaten in a while. Burgh'ersPGH in Pittsburgh
shrimp fra diavolo
Wagyu Brisket
Momos (Nepali Dumplings) Anyone
Matar Paneer (with rice and naan)
Mont Blanc Variant. Walnuts.
Meatloaf and Mashed Tatters
chunky burger with beer-battered onion rings
New York Strip Roast!
Stuffed Potatoes, Tomatoes, Jalapeños, Zucchini, and Small Eggplants
https://www.monsieur-cuisine.com/es/recetas/detalle/terrinas-de-gambas-y-salmon/?L=0&amp;amp;cHash=8bdc5b3a40e3b7cbd2135a4679c22d97
Boys be eating good today
Umami Crab Rice Pot
Smoked chorizo hash with a sunny side up egg.
Bolo de chocolate
Chorizo, Mushroom &amp; Tomato Pasta Bake with Mozzarella and Mature Cheddar topping
Charcuterie plate!
Cozinhando ASMR: Destrua SIREN HEAD para fazer SALAD na Vida Real - Funn...
Cupcake
Leek and Pancetta risotto
Dorito and BBQ chips fried chicken
Major 'Year of St. Joseph' food drive set for six sites on Feb. 20 - Bangor Daily News
Crunch Wraps; taco seasoned beef, jalapeño, cheese, tostada shell, sour cream, lettuce and tomato in a pan seared flour tortilla
Rare and Well Done Beef Pho
Milk Bar Cereal Cake
White chocolate Halloween hot chocolate bombs
Christmas Charcuterie Board
Chewy Fudgy Raspberry Brownies with grated Ruby Chocolate on top
Ratatouille and Sourdough Garlic Bread
Shake Shack mushroom burger with limited edition spicy fries and pumpkin shake :)
Sweet and Sour Chicken, Crab Rangoon Balls, and Egg Roll
white chocolate raspberry truffle cheesecake
Is there really any other way to eat scrambled eggs?
Dutch oven pot roast
Chicken &amp; Prawn Satay Stirfry with Noods
Smashed Burger
Wafer Rolls
Vegetable Omelette
Quesa tacos
Steak and sides
Linguine with pesto and tomatoes, roasted brussel sprouts with lemon and parmesan, and stuffed mushrooms
KFC Zinger burger, fried chicken and salt n pepper fries.
BBQ
snack I made
wagyu zabuton steaks
Duck Shoyu Ramen for my whole family
Honey Garlic Chicken with Fried rice
COCONUT MOUSSE CAKES WITH MOJITO PLUM SYRUP
Fried Ipswich Whole Belly Clams
Baby back BBQ pork ribs on Mac and Cheese
❄️The Beginning of Whole Foods: Water, Aqua, Su, 水
Cold smoked salmon on everything bagel with whipped cream cheese and scallions.
EuroDeli Restaurant German frankfurters .
Ravioli with a vodka sauce and broccoli
Gung share nam pla (very spicy Thai raw prawn dish)
https://ift.tt/3thhNFY
Slow cooked beef nihari and chapati.
Nestle Chocolate Turtle cake for my real life cake day!
I made duck fat fries and turned them into poutine.
Jerk Chicken &amp; Plantain
Chocolate Cinnabon With Caramel and Extra Crème and with M&amp;M'S and a bit of Ice cream cake
Rice Bowl
Sausage Egg McMuffin
jerk chicken wings
pumpkin cupcakes 🎃
Piña Colada bonbons, white chocolate, pineapple jelly, coconut and white rum ganache and a crispy coconut base
seasonal scramble w tomato salad and sheep's cheese
Sourdough skillet pizza
Baked golden pompano
smash burgers... I guess
Pepperoni Carbonara
sukiyaki with shitake mushroom, fried tofu, enokitake mushroom, napa cabbage, sliced beef and egg yolk for dipping
Pumpkin cream soup
Korean Pork BBQ feast with tempura pumpkin, sautéed king oyster mushrooms, kimchi and perilla and leaf lettuce
Victorian sponge cake
Slow cooked Warthog with potatoes, rice, and cheesy vegetables
Parmesan chicken 🤤
hubby made these butternut squash tacos
Nom nom
Spinach and Onion Quiche
Chicken fajita burritos
Tuna Habanero Tostada
ShackBurger
kenji’s no-knead pan pizza with spicy soppressata, red onion, mozzarella and Parmesan.
pho
Garden hot sauce
https://ift.tt/3t0iyTp
bacon sundae
Folded meat and sliced cheese with crackers
fried chicken burgers for staffies
french raspberry macarons
Chứng nhận HACCP – Tiêu chuẩn về an toàn vệ sinh thực phẩm là gì?
cauliflower taco with sweet and spicy honey glazed shrimp, cool ranch slaw, and zesty nectarine salsa
Stew, Nigerian egg, plantain and some greens for my love.
Jamaican beef patties
Mom’s homemade Indian lamb curry with eggplant subzi, cucumber salad, fresh onion, and roti with ghee.
Raffaello Banoffee
spam, eggs, white rice
New Joint!
Blue Bantha Milk Macarons
Peanut butter blossom cookies
Chile Verde Nachos
TIÊU DIỆT Plants vs Zombies để làm TART TRỨNG Phô Mai Chảy-Thánh Nấu Ăn ...
pork wraps
Viral Video of Man Feeding Water to a Cobra with a Bottle Has Left Twitter Impressed - News18
Pineapple Teriyaki Chicken
Skillet Cookie
Made a seafood soup with Octopus, clams, shrimp, and scallops. Made the broth homemade as well with tomatoes and a homemade vegetable stock! Delicious.
Peach cobbler cake 🍑
Full English breakfast
Spicy seafood noodle soup
Jauhelihakastike perunamuusilla puolukkahillon kera (Traditional/Finnish)
Grilled tuna and cheese on toast.
fried chicken thigh sandwich on cornbread with mustard slaw, white cheddar, and sambal dijon glaze
Spanish Seafood Paella
Nutella cone with strawberries and bananas|| World’s Tastiest
pineapple curry with sesame rice and pickles
Smoked lamb dolmas on mint hummus
red cabbage and tomato soup
Char siu rice bowl
Filet Mignon
Kruidnoten
Spaghetti, zucchini spirals, tomato sauce and textured vegetable protein
Osso Buco with pumpkin risotto
Brioche, fresh out of the oven
Sourdough Sunday ear
Gnocchi alla Sorrentina !
Blood orange panna cotta with sugared crostini
Tacos de Bistec
Chorizo and Hollandaise Waffle Fries
Protein-Rich Breakfast (Sauteed Veggies)
poached egg, asparagus and broad beans on toast
Pineapple Upside-down cake
Garlic rolls with garlic confit, roasted garlic gems in the middle, garlic butter, parmesan and fresh parsley
FRIED POMFRET WITH MANGO AND FISH SAUCE
Smoked Ham &amp; Cheddar Hot Pockets
No place in my city serve filled pasta so I have to take matter into my own hand. Homemade ricotta with lemon and herbs tortellini, slow braised pork belly, garnished with roasted peanuts and herbs.
some stir fry.
Fruit display with watermelon, blueberries, grapes, raspberries, and kiwis
Honey Dill Chicken Avocado Salad
spicy pickle &amp; wiener loaf
Pork wrapped Asparagus w Sweet Vidalia and Blue Cheese crumble over Mashed Potatoes
12 hour apple wood smoked pulled pork burger with hokkaido buns
Steamed Pacific rockfish and lobster tails served with roasted potatoes and braised leeks and fennel
Toasted Happiness
Bake-Off Inspired Bagels using a basic recipe from the BBC
Quesi-Goat Birria tacos
Macedonian Style Burger
homemade chicken paella 🥘
Grilled lobster!
Lemon Tart
pizza w/mushrooms, broccoli, olive tapenade &amp; cheddar
BLT with fried egg.
Galletas de vainilla
Meatlovers Breakfast Tacos
big Cream cheese burger
Mashed Potatoes and green onions
bacon with a side of Mac n cheese
Beef Ribs 4 life
Grilled venison wrapped in bacon
food pro I made and ate the food in Howl's Moving Castle.Give me a break. There's a lot of fun stuff, so please like and subscribe.
Bœuf bourguignon
Spaghetti aglio, olio e peperoncino
Some camarones ala diabla (devil shrimp) It was so yummy😋🥵
Strawberry Shortcake for my Cake Day yesterday!
holiday brownies
Grilled Short Ribs &amp; Spring Rolls
Mushroom pasta
Cinnamon Rolls!
Bacon egg and cheese
Grass-fed Beef and Bacon Patty, Fried Green Tomato, Pimento Cheese, Remoulade, on a Buttermilk Biscuit.
How to make  New York fries
doner is getting interesting
Peanut butter chocolate chip cookies !
Fajita Bowl
Steamed king salmon, pickled radishes, hedgehog mushrooms, fried sunchoke, miso &amp; smoked corn purée
Crunchwrap Supreme. Organic.
Oven Baked Pork Ribs
Cilantro Lime Shrimp and Chicken Tacos
Scrambled Duck Eggs with Black Truffle, Cream Biscuits, Duck Sausage, and Sautéed Baby Spinach
Cherry pie
Peach Pie
Pork, potato, mustard, and tarragon stew.
Breakfast pizza with croissant crust
Borscht
Smoked pulled pork nachos, chipotle coleslaw, roasted garlic salsa and pickled onions
Chicken Enchiladas, as made by my daughter
Mackerel and kimchi stew
Misal (Spicy lentils with fritters) with Pav
Easy Czech Potato Pancake Recipe - it’s Crispy and Savoury if you guys would love a try.
Banana bread with oats and honey!
Thánh Nấu Ăn làm món Ếch Xào có 1-0-2 CỰC KHÓ NUỐT | Stop Motion Crazy ...
Recently, my wife has been saying how she misses the amazing breakfasts from when we visited Quebec. So this morning, I surprised her with crêpes suzette, maple bacon and eggs
Mini Garlic Bread Buns
stir fry with prawns, spring onions, garlic and udon noodles
California and Philly sushi rolls
Rainbow Cookies
Buttermilk waffles with cranberry compote.
Fire roasted Dango/Mochi with Peach Syrup
empanada with the word "PASTRY" on it.
More diverse SARS-CoV-2 variants identified within infected children than in adults - News-Medical.Net
Chicken Tikka Masala. Delicious
Cranberry Chocolate Banana Bread (10 min prep)
-Delicious SamayBaji from Nepal- Newari foods in Nepal. This is
Bacon Cheeseburger Sliders
Ham, Collard Greens, Black Eyed Peas - Traditional Southern New Years Meal
Day 1 of food I put together after football practice. Meatloaf, Cheese and bacon on a roll
Cole Slaw
Beef Bulalo (Filipino Beef Bone Marrow Stew), Tortang Talong (Filipino Eggplant Omelette), Salt and Pepper Shrimp, Steamed Chilean Sea Bass with Ginger Soy Green Onion sauce
Fillet steak with triple cooked chips and green beans.
Poor Man's Prime Rib with Mustard Cream Sauce
Roasted portobellos and cherry tomatoes.
Breakfast Spam Musubi
Beef Tapa. I love cooking for myself, though I tend to overcook sometimes. Would be better if I could share it with someone. :)
Hojicha Swiss Roll
soda bread with caramelised onions, black olives and mature cheddar cheese
Mango Curry
Butter Fried Potatoes
Half Pound Kimchi Dog
Roasted Duck Tacos with grilled salsa, cilantro and onion on a corn tortilla
Chili cheeseburger
Crawfish massaman with coconut sticky rice
smoked brisket/burnt ends
The village way of cooking crayfish!
egg toast potato chips
Smoked salmon, asparagus and cheddar cheese quiche
-Qurabiya souvenir of Iran's Tabriz for tourists
Lebanese Mixed Grill
Cucumber, scallion cilantro cream, roasted peanuts, kimchi, gochujang soy marinated flank steak, micro greens.
Mini avocado toasts with bell pepper, crispy fried sardines and quail eggs.
a Chili's "Medium-cooked" steak. Does it look raw?
Spicy steelhead for new year
Last of the seasonal stawberries in a strawberry milkshake
Tofu tacos
Banana upside-down cake
roast pheasant with pork and apricot stuffing. Crispy roasties, honey roast parsnips and carrots, Brussels with lardons and garlic butter and brocoli. Swimming in a reduced chicken stock gravy with Yorkshires.
Rib-Eye that I made for my dad’s birthday
Garlic white sauce pizza with bacon, jalapenos, onions
Best 43 High Protein Foods That Help You Keep Fit and Slim? It can also be used in fat loss.
Bohemian-style roast beef and bread dumplings, covered with roasted vegetable and sour cream purée with cranberry sauce
Char Siu Bao (Chinese BBQ Pork Buns)
Burger King treating me good
Berry Banana Smoothie Bowl
clams with garlic green onion butter
Shrimp Fra Diavolo over linguine
Japanese Soufflé Pancake
Tehri with garlic Kucha and garlic Papad.
Truffle carbonara with homemade pasta
Spicy daal
Chicken tikka masala with pilau rice and a garlic and coriander naan
Smoked brisket with coleslaw sandwich
Brown sugar boba and strawberry soufflé pancakes
Pita bread at home
Brisket Ramen
Roasted Chicken with thinly sliced potatoes
Fresh  pasta!
Coffee Jelly w/ Whipped Cream
bao buns with fried chicken and siracha mayonnaise
here u go. has c ook ie
chocolate crinkles with buttercream icing and peppermint cream bits
Open Butter Masala Dosa
Tostada de tinga
Duck Curry Ramen
My attempt to make the tastiest Roasted Garlic Aioli sandwich spread
Brown Butter Pasta with Parmesan
fried Calamari with sweet chili sauce
beef belly and peppers stir fry
BA’s Best Chocolate Chip Cookies
Salted CC cookies.
Frisella with cherry tomatoes, anchovies, olive oil, salt and balsamic vinegar
Korean Steamed Egg
Prawns, scallops, porcini mushrooms and emulsion
Large Stromboli's
Taco Night
Garlic Butter Shrimp
Korean Kimchi Stew with Vegan Spam
smoked meat and goat cheese egg benedict
6 Hour smoked beef ribs
Easy Sriracha Noodles Wok - 30 seconds! - video recipe
Máy đánh kem trộn bột đánh trứng 10 Lít B10G là dòng máy trộn công nghiệp năng suất lớn, trộn khỏe được cho các cửa hàng bánh ngọt cỡ vừa, Không chỉ đơn thuần là trộn bột đánh trứng, đánh kem tươi và làm các loại frosting… máy còn có thể được các nguyên liệu đa dạng cần cho làm bánh, trộn bột
Buffalo Chicken Schnitzel Sandwich, Garlic Herb Potatoes and Sweet Pepper Garlic Kale.
Bacon lattice topped quiche
3 varieties of Durians from Davao, The Philippines. Also known as the King of Fruits, durians are incredibly popular in Asia. They’re rich and creamy and contrary to popular belief, not as terribly smelly as people say! You have got to give them a chance!
Mango Sans Rival (buttercream, meringue)
Chicken biryani from Mrs A's Kitchen! New Reddit user here.
Chicken Parm with Bruschetta Caprese
: Filipino KIKIAM, FISB BALLS AND SIOMAI
Paneer Tikka Pizza
Traditional Pork Slices
Cowbear.
I love a fresh peeled a pineapple.
Sandwich with Smoked Turkey
grandma’s pie @ Marinara’s. NYC.
thaï style red cabbage + shrimp fritter
Double layer cinnamon roll cake, blueberry, strawberry, and blackberry pastries, all sprinkled with cinnamon sugar.
Was my bday yesterday - made raw tuna tostadas for starters
,new
Oreo Chocolate Cake
chilaquiles w New Mexico style red chile
Flakies Puff Pastry
Burger with Bacon Jam on a Sesame Bun toasted in bacon fat and butter
Leftover brisket sandwich
merendina cake for lovers of spongy cake and succulent chocolate
French toast and berries.
Chicago Style Pizza
Never anything like grandma's food
Beef Wellington, Christmas dinner
Chef Salad w homemade Buttermilk Ranch
A5 Wagyu, Asparagus, and Potatoes Au Gratin
waffles with eggs and bacon this morning
Sweet and Sour Tofu - This has turned me around on Tofu!
Chorizo Hash &amp; Eggs for brunch
Surf and turf w/ some greens
General Tso’s
Snacc. Pancakes strawberries and a bit of cream :)
Rib roast with fixins
Mujigaetteok— Korean rainbow rice cake (+sesame rice cake)
Baby Bok Choy Salted for Kimchi
Breakfast-chocolate crepe/eggs/bacon
Angus Ribeye / Twice Baked Potato/ Alaska Crab Legs with a Big Bowl of Melted Butter
Weeknight Pizza
Lumpia/Pancit Birthday Cake
Valentine's Chicken Pot Pie
Tomato soup with fried peppercorns, pine nuts, and egg
salmon sushi, nigiri, and sashimi
duck breast
Brisket with fresh coleslaw and homemade barbecue sauce
Cranberry orange pecan rolls for Thanksgiving tomorrow. I can’t wait to make a little turkey sandwich on one of these!
25 Year Old Balsamic Vinegar
Sausage Hot Pot
Green chocolate chip muffins
American breakfast: toast, bacon, hash browns, and eggs
Loaded Paprika Baked Fries
Chicken nuggets.
Hot Pot
Traditional Japanese ‘Osechi’
Amateur Shrimp Spring Rolls
Baingan Ka Bharta
food in a Japanese Supermarket!
How to make PERFECT THICK homemade curd-Ways to FERMENT food in COLD WINTER days || InstaFood
Look how beautifully they make Beef Pulao Rice
Haddock burger and Caesar salad
Rack of lamb with mashed potato
Strawberry Glazed Donuts
Poke Plate
Colorful zucchini and carrot tarte
chorizo benedict for brunch
Choco Flan
Barbecue Chicken with Brussels Sprouts
steak and sautéed potatoes
spicy Korean rice cake with fish balls and boiled eggs
japchae jeon (Korean potato noodle pancake)
Vegetarian shepherds pie!
Red velvet milkshake from Manny’s Sweet Treats in Long Island.
Hand shredded chuck roast! Smoked for 12 hours!
Mulled cider apple pie
Chicken Casserole
Finally made a dish I'm comfortable sharing. Julia Child's Boeuf Bourguignon.
Pasta Alfredo
Jalapeño cheddar bagel dogs
Furikake &amp; Sesame Bagels made with Dashi
Garlic Spaghetti with Shrimp and Lobster Tails!
Red-velvet cupcakes with with cream cheese frosting.
Handmade pork &amp; chives dumpling
10 Minute Pan Seared Salmon
London Broil done just right in my opinion. A beautiful sight
Had two extra taco tortillas, made breakfast tacos
Baked cassavas with fried butter paprika sirloin.
Chocolate Sausage
pizza with Pepperoni, mushrooms, olives and a mix of mozzarella and blue cheese. It was lush!
Caribbean style Saltfish &amp; Bake
Here's Where You Can Find Free Food In Bronzeville This Weekend - Block Club Chicago
Life is good with a perfect slice of cake! 👌
Marinated Tuna Steak
Wheat Bread
okonomiyaki
Crispy Baked Chicken Wings
mutton qeema biryaani
Failed sfogliatelle or fancy apple turnovers
Lamb, peppers &amp; onions, rice, garlic sauce, and pepper sauce
Roast chicken with bread salad
Oktoberfest Spread
Quiche and Potato Stacks for Brunch!
fries, hushpuppies with panko fried shrimp and scallops.
Nurse giving Covid vaccines surprised by proposal in viral video - NBC News
Wild Boar Sausage with Porcini Mustard
Smoked TriTip
Mexican concha pastry stuffed with Nutella strawberries and whipped cream
Beef on weck
Happy Holidays!
“Blackpink and selena gomez ice cream” inspired macarons
Singapore Curry Chicken
Curry night
Yellow Coconut Curry w/veggies, made with Indian vegetable base gravy
English Fry-Up
Attempt at cheesecake. I present my white chocolate raspberry cheesecake!
New Yorker
Sous vide gruyere and parm egg bites
Farmers market haul. Roast chicken on a bed of local carrots and celery. Truffle and lions mane mushroom risotto, not pictured roasted Romanesque.
Koshari
Chicken Internet
Negroni
Duck a L’orange - Purple Potato, King Oyster Mushroom and Scallion fried in duck fat
Air Fryer Char Siu (Chinese BBQ Roast Pork)
https://ift.tt/36hidC6
3 000 calorie bodybuilding cheeseburger that works well during the bulking season.
Facebook girl post pic of dough she was kneading. Take a close look.
Homemade Kudos bars
okonomiyaki with shrimps and bacon
Bacon, tomato, basil quiche
Local goods from my vacation to Greece
Veggie pizza
Ratatouille galette
pancakes with bacon and eggs
Snickers Overload Cake
Skull Waffles
Mashed Pinto Beans
Pierogies
Peking duck &amp; pancakes with a side of garlic fried pak choi.
looks perfect
Family-owned Asian food manufacturer JSL Foods Inc. to open fourth facility in Humble - Community Impact Newspaper
Tuscan chicken and roasted squash
Lemon Meringue Cake
Breakfast Sandwich (Bacon, Eggs and Cheese)
Key Lime Tart with Yuzu meringue and rose petals
Lemon Blueberry Poke Cake
Matcha Custard Pudding
Samsung may launch Galaxy M12 or Galaxy M62 next week in India - gizmochina
Joe Biden VS Donald Trump -  | LEMON Pancake
kungpao chicken
Pesto Fusili with Eggs
Pot Roast with horseradish mashed potatoes and ginger molasses glazed carrots.
Cinnamon, coffee rubbed steak with Calabrian peppers, glazed carrots, rutabaga, red onion, and kale
Nashville hot chicken
Chinese vegetable Recipe in restaurant style - Recipeblogs.in
Sweet Corn Masala Curry|शादीयों की पनीर के जैसी tasty स्वीट कॉर्न मसाला ...
fries. Fries as an appetizer? Just found out disturbing information that my friend eats his fries completely before eating his burger. He says it’s an “appetizer”. Please tell me know one else does this. Fries must be enjoyed along with the burger. :)
Macaron!
Persian-Inspired Sour Tomato Soup with Fresh Veggies
Ginger Shrimp with Hosin Bacon
Sourdough Bruschetta with smoked ricotta, red and yellow tomatoes, olive taggiasche and lemon verbena.
Unorthodox BLT with spinach and avocado.
salmon risotto, took ages to do
Loaded Baked Potato
Jalapeño poppers, ham and Swiss sliders, potatoe skins, breaded cauliflower, marinara dipping sauce &amp; spicy queso.
Weedlies
Thanksgiving turkey stuffed with cornbread stuffing!
caramel apples
Roasted tomato &amp; ricotta on sourDough toast
If we are posting bacon I smoked some this weekend too.
Roast Beef and loaded salad
tried attempting fresh pasta!
Julia Child's bœuf à la Bourguignonne, as a stew
Tagliatelle with truffel cream sauce, truffel oil and fresh parsley
Box of Doughnuts
Fully Loaded Lafa Wrap
Lemon Rosemary wet rub. Ideal for roasting chicken.
Lemon Meringue Pie!
tuna, red onion, broccoli and mozzarella and cheddar omelette.
Skewers
Butter Roses.
Tries to Make Bánh Mì Faster Than Delivery | Taking on Takeout | Bon Appétit
Grilled chicken and zucchini 🍃✨
Loss Belly Fat in 15 Days at Home || Weight loss tips
fruit and greek yogurt crepe with honey
- Lemon Pepper Chicken Wings
"" FRIED COQUELET CHICKEN WITH POTATOES COOKED AT CAULDRON
Fresh mozz, fennel, butternut squash, brussel sprouts. Finished with chili garlic crisp. 875 bake for 80 seconds. 67% hydrated dough.
Churro Donut Holes
at these restaurants in Singapore, must try!
Sausage, Egg, and Cheese Biscuit
the tiniest tomatoes
Weird////MOST TERRIBLE MicroWAVE FOOD reviews PIZZA
spam musubi with soy/sugar glaze
3 Ingredient Mac &amp; Cheese
Breakfast burrito with egg, crispy potato, sauteed onion, avocado, cheddar cheese, and a chipotle sour cream sauce
.
Deep Fried Gator
Indian inspired Chicken Alfredo
peach cobbler cheese cake.
is Cheap but Why Gluten Free Food is Expensive?
earl grey lemon and blueberry cheesecake. I am also trying to work on my food photography skills!
Grilled T-bone steak, braised pork knuckles, fish, abalone, sea cucumber, dried scallops with mushrooms, salted duck egg shrimp, and vegetables
Chicken Cream chop wrap, garlic sauce and fattoush! (Middle Eastern food)
Gingerbread house with a cookie tree inside!
this morning beer pretzel with taco meat and cheese 🧀
Plasmonics: How Researchers Are Using Metals To Create Powerful Biosensors - The Wire Science
ribeye steaks
Chocolate French Macarons
Coffin Cookies with Meringue Bones
Made some Detroit/Grandma style pizza, I wish every piece was a corner piece
Cheese Danish Braid
Soy-sauce marinated tofu sandwich with blueberry-habanero hot sauce, mayonnaise, fried egg, tomatoes, and lettuce.
Garlic Parm Wings
Pancakes are delicious
Fishsauce Spareribs
Eggs (not) Benedict and Crispy Breakfast Potatoes
Crispy Fried Cauliflower with hoisin ginger sauce
Sunny Side Up Eggs, Bacon, Buttered Toast and Coffee
A Chicago-Style Hot Dog and Fries
Chicken tinga taco, green tomato salsa, homemade corn tortilla
Italian Buttercream celebrating-no-specific-religious-holiday-at -all Cake
Singaporean Rice Recipe
Egg tartine
Spaghetti a la Carbonara
Tonkotsu Ramen with Sous Vide Pork belly
Brazilian port stew with corn dumplings
Chocolate chip buttermilk pancakes, hash brown, cherrywood smoked bacon, &amp; scrambled eggs.
Hyderabadi Veg Dum Biryani I am always craving for this, can't stop eating when I am served with this recipe. Recipe at www.recipesbykp.com
Frito pie in Canada 🇨🇦
Nashville Hot Chicken, spicy pickles, and a bun
Chocolate Mousse Almond Cake
Donuts
Fried chicken, chipotle mayo, pickles and slaw..
My mom made a  log cake for Xmas!
a box of fruit cake
I accidentally made 25 pies instead of the 12 I signed up for for a fundraiser and then I accidentally forgot four in the fridge so here’s 21 pumpkin pies my BFFL and I made today.
Chicken Gyro
Chicken Katsu on rice with spicy golden curry
brownie cookie mix thing
Easy Part Dips
Avocado Maki
Gingerbread cake with marshmallow buttercream
Apple-Butternut Squash Soup
tacos!
Angus Burger on a Brioche Bun, dressed with Arugula, Tomatoes, Onions, Jalapenos.
Omelet with bacon, onion, tomato, bell pepper and cheddar
Killer Lemon Butter Sauce for Fish
Filet
whole wheat pizza with pesto, red onion, broccoli, bocconcini, braised turkey
Chicken Enchiladas Verdes with homemade sauce
Masoor Dal and Palak Paneer with Basmati Rice
Traditional Idiyappam
NHAI NỔI KHÔNG? Món ăn làm từ GÀ GỖ CỨNG NHẮC!!! Thánh Nấu Ăn ASMR Stop ...
Japanese A5 Wagyu with lobster Mac and Cheese.
Mixed bean and chicken stew
Rich fudgey brownie!
crispy brown bottom baked pizza with double layered cheese sauce and pepperoni.
in Taiwan. Most foreign friends dare not try at impression but 100% they love it after tasting it. It is Taiwan Stinky Tofu ( bioled soup or fried, 2 types available ). Do you love it ? Boiled soup ? Fried crunchy Tofu ?
Carnitas Tacos with Pineapple Salsa and Guacamole
Spinach Puffs
Ice Cream Sandwiches!
Chilean Sea Bass with Lemon Jus
Prawn Cocktails
salmon with lemon parmesan risotto
cinamonrolls
Berliners (doughnuts) with jam filling
Semi-whole grain pancakes with cocoa sauce, coconut and almonds.
salmon and tuna sushi rolls
Rolo turtles
Vegetable Potstickers
Pão de Deus
Wheat Rava Kesari with Jaggery| Goduma rava kesari | Wheat Rava Halwa recipe
deep fried pork belly
focaccia with oregano, red onion, garlic and mozzarella
Passionfruit mousse
MARKET LIVE: Sensex trades higher in rangebound session
Sweet potato and black bean tacos with a creamy herb salsa
glazed Christmas ham
Iced Snowflake Sugar Cookies
The “Cheesy Beef”. Smoked Eye Round with homemade cheese sauce.
Caramel Apple Tart
1981 Pure Cordyceps Herbal Soup. Learnt from mom. Heals Bronchitis fast. Strengthen respiratory system too. Economical path of protecting ourselves
I ate this noodle soup in Shenzhen China a few years ago and it was super delicious, but can't find online what it is called so that I can try to make it on my own. Does anybody have a clue what this noodle soup is called in Chinese(or English)?
Orange and Earl Grey Madeleines
Chicago deep dish pizza
Paella 3
Mashed Potato, Chicken Gravy, and Porkchops
Traditional dish smoked and boiled sheep head from western Norway with, potatoes, mashed rutabaga, beer and akvavit.
Lemongrass Beef Skewers
Penne Alla Vodka
Cast iron seared sea scallops
Quick Crustless Broccoli Ham Quiche
n n n
Vietnamese coffee ice cream!
Butter Cookies
Ravioli with pumpkin and parmesan
s’mores bars
Cannolis!
chickpea and spinach curry
Brownie Baked NY Cheesecake
Cheese Tonkatsu and Tempura Squid
My friend needs the Reddit hug of death, please vote for her delicious  cakes 🎂
Fermented Apple Garlic Honey Mustard
Miso-glazed cod paired with some roasted gochugaru broccolini and garlic
Chana Masala
Filet mignon!
Animal Style at Home - Cheesy Tater Tots with Fry Sauce and Caramelized Onions.
Beef stew with mashed potatoes
pickled red onions
fish tacos
French toast, bread coated in egg and milk and fried. Merry Christmas!
Bacon Burnt Ends
Homemade bread bowl and chicken wild rice soup
Indian style Roasted Cauliflower.
Coffee Bread
I made a  REO Speedwagon Blackberry Pie. I make themed pies and this is my latest customer request. I drew the design and used clay tools to make it look like a stamp.
Nutella Cheesecake Bites
https://ift.tt/35TYmZs
beignet with no extra sugar or fat. If this gets a few upvotes I will post the recipe.
Spicy white cheddar broccoli tuna casserole
She’s a bug’un! Hope she turns out.
Ox-tail nilaga
Chance to win $500 Burger King bucks
instagram:aalexandra.capiteanu
Xiao Jian Bao
Grilled Lamb sirloin with carrots and asparagus
poached egg, Brie, hummus, oatmeal cakes
Scallion Pancakes
panna cotta cappuccino
bananabread
Jerk Chicken Poutine
Lemon Pepper Pork Chops
ragu (pasta 'cuz I ran out of egg noodles)
Homemade pizza for my kids
loaded hotdog.
squid &amp; veggie roasted red curry topped with shaved macadamia nuts and a side of basmati rice
Salmon with Mango Salsa
Filet Mignon with Mashed Potatoes and Broccoli
Baby Sushi Platter
Apple Pie 🥧
I know my bone broth is heading in the right direction when my bones are literally melting into the soup. (48 hour simmer) 24 more hours to go! Happy with how it's turning out had to share :)
Tarta tatin, peligrosamente sencilla de hacer.
Caramel Filled Chocolate Crinkle Cookies
Low Carb Cheese Platter
Hyderabad: Techies launch new news app Slick Talks - The Hans India
Spinach Artichoke Dip
My new  go to salad! 🥗
Mansaf: an Arabic dish consisting of roasted pine nuts, lamb shank and shoulder, rice, and a yogurt sauce made from jameed
Chicken Tikka Masala. (White rice mixed in with some brown rice)
Thai style Pho
Deconstructed Crème Banana Cheesecake (served on a plate or in a glass)
Teriyaki Beef Jerky
Packed with that authentic Oriental flavor you know and love.
sticky bbq ribs!
Cha Ca La Vong - Vietnamese Turmeric and Dill Fish
Beef Bolognese with handmade pasta
carnitas/al pastor tacos. 😋
Raspberry &amp; Biscoff Baked Oats
Hot Cocoa and Beignets...what could be better on a cold day??
Korean Seafood Stew with udon
Ukrainian cabbage rolls
Grilled filet, shrimp, and asparagus
Panzanella Salad with Basil and Tomato
Chocholate mousse with lime pannacotta and salted caramel (with some fancy garnish)
chicken thighs, rice, gravy, carrots, potatoes, spicy.
Pinto beans and ham hocks.
Easy vegan flan recipe
Galaxy Cake with a hidden alien design
NY style; half artichoke hearts, half hot salami and candied jalapeno
Lamb sandwich with wedges
Spicy grilled chicken for spicy chicken sandwiches
Fig jam, goat cheese, bacon and arugula pizza on a whole wheat crust.
Nothing out of this world, it is just a beautiful chicken sandwitch wrapped in a whole wheat spinach bread to give it a more professional touch! All homemade
Stuffed Mushrooms
Chicken wings
green tomato jam and muffin.
Crispy Teriyaki Cauliflower bites
Sourdough French Toast with Red Raspberry Preserves
wagyu carpaccio
Yummy or not? 😋
Grazing table
pork floutas with cheddar cheese.
Dragon Fruit Smoothie
COCONUT RICE : COCONUT FRIED RICE RECIPE
this sandwich of eggplant, prosciutto, fresh mozzarella, roasted peppers, tomato, basil, and olive oil
Mediterranean mixed grill
smashed burger topped with a homemade jalapeno sauce
Grilled Mochi
Carrot Loaf!
a morning bun (+ a slice of coffee cake)
seeded sourdough
brassica wrapped goat's cheese, pickled baby vegetables, mushroom "bacon", roasted pear and kohlrabi, carrot vinaigrette.
French dip with homegrown  French fries.
I made Bun Thit Nuong
Moistmaker Sandwich - Thanksgiving Leftovers
Yorkies and prime rib.
Poutine
Sous Vide Steak and Potato Pancake
chili in process!
Mr. Bean tự tay TÀN PHÁ gấu Teddy,làm món Gà Nướng Phô Mai #2 - Thánh Nấ...
Housemade Pimento Cheese
Thai red curry
Pancake + Bacon platter
Flank Steak Carne Asada tacos with guacamole
Spring onion mince (keema)
Cajun Shrimp Boil
some delicious apple pie
yellow fin fish tacos with crema cabbage and pico de gallo. Happy New Year!!!!!
Hummus and flat bread
Steak, mashed potatoes, &amp; salted, buttered off-the-cob corn
Banana and cinnamon swirl breads
Apple pie with vanilla ice cream and a caramel drizzle. Happy thanksgiving!
Carrot cake &amp; a strawberry cupcake
Orange Chicken and Chinese Spinach
Dill Pickles with Varying Levels of Spiciness
French Omelette
Brussels sprouts with balsamic glaze &amp; buratta
Cheesesteak with French fries
Stuffed peppers.
Feta cheese and sun-dried tomato stuffed chicken with a salad
Patty Melts
Cheese cake
Tartine Country Loaf - Sourdough
Roasted carrots &amp; rice in a berbere brown butter vinegarette
Chips with Mango Salsa
Pass the plate challenge by Jaipur Food Bloggers
Australian Wagyu Steak, with potato purée, pearl onions, and asparagus
Peach crisp cheesecake jars!  of course!
Cacio e pepe &amp; parmesan chicken
Beef Bulgogi, Salmon Terriyaki, Garlic Buk Choy and Brocolli Stir-fry
Fresh Seared Salmon in White Caper Cream Sauce
Sauerkraut, potato, and sausage
A winter snack 🐧❄️
Sushi burrito and avocado crabmeat salad.
a yummy German sampler meal for Valentines dinner
I made Indian food - Kashmiri haakh (Braised collard greens), Lotus stem and turnip sabzi, and lotus stem fries with home made yoghurt.
How can i eat this stupid noodle?
Biscuit Sandwich
French loaves.
Ham pie.
Pizza Dough Recipe - How to Make Pizza Dough at Home
Great place of business.
Cheese Beef Burger Kit
burger with Taylor Ham (or pork roll)
Spicy Shoyu Salmon Poke Bowls
Lemon sorbet
Chicken Teryiaki Quesadilla
How To Cook The Perfect Dry Aged Steak On A Konro Grill By A Michelin Star Master Chef
Breakfast B.E.L.T. on and English Muffin.
Pumpkin Dinner Rolls
Hong Kong Egg Tart Macaron
Chicken tendies
A few dozen spritz cookies.
Grilled PB&amp;J
Sashimi Platter. Scottish Salmon, Bluefin Tuna, Halibut, Squid, Yellowtail Tuna, Broccoli kimchi salad, Roasted Red Peppers, and Sauté King Mushrooms.
3-2-1 Smoked Ribs
Garlic rosemary rack of lamb
chicken katsu burger
"" Easy Chocolate Ice Cream Bars Recipe || ( 3-min )
I think we all agree with this
17 Best Food Items To Keep Your Heart Healthy - nsyjo.com ""
Game-day Wings
Calories in 300 grams of Beer - Brown Ale.
Vietnamese Coffee Cake (bánh cà phê)
sourdough pizza with bacon and sausage
** tomato basil soup
Charcuterie board
tempura fried black bass tail served in a coconut curry broth
Thanksgiving Bread Stuffing
Pho Ga (chicken pho)
Milk and white chocolate chip cookies.
Cranberries
Caramelized Banana Pudding with Ginger Snap Base
Albondigas
Capitol rioter caught hitting officer with fire extinguisher in viral video - TheGrio
Calories250 #عضوي إنقاص وزن# الطعام #वजन कम करें How to Make Zucchini Omelet
May not look like Gordon Ramsay’s, but delicious Guinness cottage pie.
Miso ramensoup with ovenbaked pork
pumpkin cheesecake
Beef Tostada’s with rice!
Croque Monsieur
Baja Style Crunchy Fish Tacos
Vegan Nachos
Faux tiramisu
Fried chicken
Tacos de Birria
Korean Chicken
Crunchwrap supremes.
Basic Risotto
BASQUE style Spanish Cheesecake | Easy Peasy
Christmas sugar cookies
Cheeseburger Recipe What Tony Stark loves! aka Spider Chef
Blood Orange Buttermilk Pound Cake
Candy Striped Caramelle and Mezzalune
Elven Bread
vegetarian tortillas
Toad In The Hole
Meatballs frying in roasted garlic oil.
Tried making Eggs Benedict for breakfast
It tastes really delicious
Y'all ever had a "Salmon Benedict"
Sausage gravy over biscuits and eggs
Classic Smoked Pulled Pork Sammich.
Colorful Cupakes
Coconut macaroons
Vegetable Curry with rice pilaf and naan
Linguine, meatballs and sauce. A little bit of cheese also.
Apple glazed porkchop with cheddar mashed and roasted vegetable medley
Pistachio pudding.
Pickle Stuffed Meatloaf
Blueberry Swirl Muffins
cheese and pepperoni pizza
Ribeye Steak!
Watergate Salad
Chicken Tenders
'The Giving Fridge' feeds food insecure, helps area restaurants - WCAX
pasta. The sheets are going to be ravioli, but i made too much dough, so... noodles!
so much!
Thanksgiving Dinner Leftovers Wrap
I see your homemade NY cheesecake, and I add a homemade NY cheesecake.
Cheesy Chicken with Mushrooms, Potatoes, and Carrots
Vanilla icecream and maple syrup
Egg Breakfast Sandwich on Sesame Seed Brioche
Croissant and Pain au Chocolat
Never felt so judged by a piece of food, in my entire life.
Sunday morning pancakes
eggs bacon ham and Swiss cheese melt sandwich
No-Machine Fresh Pasta
Mince Pie Shortbread Protein Oats
Spending the holidays alone, but still wanted the snacking experience that comes with non-COVID Christmas: presenting my charcuterie tray for one!
mcdonald's spicy nuggets
Shrimp and salmon ravioli in bisque 😊
Thought I’d join the craze.
Fruit and Vegetable Board
pizza!
Fruit tart
Pierna de cerdo (Dominican style)
https://ift.tt/39iAUap
smoked salmon with guacamole and poached egg
Whisky mushrooms on sourdough toast
LA short ribs, doenjangjjigae, braised potatoes and seasoned danmuji
no bake chocolate mousse cheesecake
carbonara with pancetta
bacon and egg
eggy weggy sammich (onion tomato cheese ketchup hot sauce)
Fried Halloumi Cheese with bacon, komato tomato, balsamic glaze, and fresh basil
classic recipe Carbonara
cream puff
Creamy Bowtie Pasta w/ Chicken and Bacon
Reverse seared A5 Wagyu Tri Tip, Pommes Darphin topped with Uni &amp; side salad w/ lemon-honey vinaigrette
teppanyaki stir fried rice with teriyaki flank steak
Antipasto platter.
While it was only for four of us, I cooked Christmas dinner to mark yet another year we could be together and in relatively good health. That ain’t nothing this year. MERRY CHRISTMAS, EVERYONE!
Beef Stew with Carrots
Guinness with a baby Guinness
Super Crispy baked wings (pre-saucing)
Travis Scott meal.
Curled a bit of green onion for this picture! Some veggie sushi for lunch
Spicy Tofu and Mushroom Soup
Doritos and hot sauce!
Chicken Biryani
Cinnamon roll apple pie. 🧡
red lentils veg soup
Apple cider donuts
Mcdonald’s Burger after 20 Years
Tasty Vegan Chick Fil A Chicken biscuit
Pork, prawn &amp; chive dumplings
Gluten-Free/Tomato-Free Pizza
Chicken burger
Smoked Brisket. 16-hour cook. My first crack at it!
Nice👍
Ramen
Viral Video: Chaat Sellers in UP's Baghpat Clash Over Customers With Rods And Sticks| Watch - India.com
As an Italian, I think my Italian American spaghetti with meatballs looks pretty good
Herb Crusted Lamb for Valentine’s Dinner
Ono and Chips with Island Cole Slaw
Korean Style Clam Chowder
I tried to make a giant chicken nugget...
Burger :D
shake to drink milk tea
Tomatoes, mozzarella, basil and olive oil
Just made sweet potato omelette.
Telegram 7.4 update allows users to import WhatsApp chats: Here’s how it works - India TV News
Christmas Turkey!
Meat Delight Pizza
Saint Honoré, French dessert
purple cauliflower soup with popped sorghum, sour cream and chives
Oatmeal and toffee chip cookies I made  for Christmas
Chocolate-orange tart
Chick-fil-A mistake our joy! Double chicken pattys!
Pull-Apart Sour Cream and Chive Rolls
Rack of lamb cooked over wood fire. 52C internal temp
Parippu Vada / Lentil Fritters
buttermilk crispy chicken sandwich. Sadly I was out of Mayo.
{Homemade} Toasted Breakfast Subs w/ Maple Mustard and Monteray Jack
Bratwurst Tikka Masala
Tamagoyaki
Easy French Chocolate Soufflé (Classic Dessert)
Beef and broccoli fried rice with sriracha
emergency food
surf n turf (with hasselback potato)
Buffalo sauce, blue cheese dip and chicken wing cast-iron pizza
harissa, honey and sesame chicken
A Sub
Chicken Thigh Sammich &amp; Shave And A Haircut
Pasta puttanesca!
Asian Spicy, Sticky Wings
Pork Chop with rice, broccoli and onion sauce
Teriyaki chicken
"" Tomato Rice
“” oatmeal with a twist
松花火腿2021/Songhua Ham/教你一个火腿新吃法，做法简单，好吃又漂亮，年夜饭多了一道香菜
sushi party platter and raw oysters
Gingerbread cookies
Gorgeous baked potatoes with green onion
Cinnamon Sugar pretzels 🥨
Chicago Stuffed Pizza
Salmon Fried Rice
jalapeno pun sugar cookie
Halloween ramen
Cream puff Swan I made in culinary school
Do you have potato ??
Pretzel dogs + Kraft Mac n’ Cheese
I made  dueling chicken pot pie
Tom Yum ramen noodle soup, added zucchini, corn and rotisserie chicken
Japanese curry with chicken katsu
Chowmein Momos Khayenge Nepal Mein Bas Jayenge Whatsapp Status #Shorts
Chicken Gyros with Cucumber Salsa and Tsatsiki
Seco de Cordero, Causa Rellena, Salsa Criolla, Corn Salad
Air fried salmon w/Mushroom sauce
Sunday ribs.
Blueberry muffins with streusel
pasta with butter sauce, prawns &amp; parsley 🤤
my partner and I had a go at making tapas!
Tagliatelle al Ragu with a cured yolk
Hood Meals My family started a cooking tiktok and I wanted You guys opinion on how the food looks let me know so I can tell him
Sashimi Platter
I tried Challah, but it’s more of a baguette than a loaf. Tighter braiding next time!
- Bifo Do Chorizo!
Burnt honey and miso Florentine lace cookies.
chocolate cake with chocolate caramel crunch filling and buttercream decoration
Slovenian cured meats, breads and pickled vegetables :)
Breakfast Plate: Brioche French Toast, Breakfast Links, Thick-Cut Bacon, Scrambled Eggs, Tater Tots, and Fresh Fruit
Pork Wellingtons
Pancakes
Decaf Chai latte with almond Milk and locally-sourced loose-Leaf tea
Pumpkin soup &amp; salmon
Sourdough - 5% white spelt, 20% Emmer wholewheat, 75% Bread flour. Add-ons: tri-coloured quinoa, milled black sesame seeds. (All organic)
a grilled peanut butter and banana sandwich
nikkomiudon にっこみうどん
Pulled pork, egg and cheese on a toasted yeast doughnut.
Chicken parm with a side of chicken meatball and pappardelle pasta
3 beef soft tacos with Serrano pepper sauce
Birria Tacos with Consommé
"" Pierogi
Lemon cake
Burmese Atho
bacon avocado cheeseburger
Here’s who created those viral Tom Cruise deepfake videos - Fortune
Viet Tri
Bhekti Fish finger | Recipes
most some carne asada street tacos/burrito and finished off with churros.
3 Balogna Sandwiches on a napkin
Apple Cider Braised Chicken with Roasted Melting Potatoes
Jambalaya | Sous Vide for 2 hours
Braciole
Biscuit topped chicken pot pie
Grilled T-bone Steaks
- Oven Baked Chips
😋Methi matar malai recipe restaurant style
Korean fried snow cheese chicken

Marinated Lamb Chops, Bread &amp; Balsamic with Mint &amp; Pomegranate couscous.
a year ago, I saw a food pic of green bean with cashew on reddit. Today, I remembered that pic and here it is. Amazing cpmbination. Thanks reddit.
Apricot pie with cinnamon and juniper berries!
Old school retro tray bake with sprinkles and custard.
Instant noodle udon
Hobbit Day Feast Part 5: Afternoon Tea - Lemongrass/mint tea, rye seed bread, lemon cakes, leftover scones and cakes from breakfast
Far from attractive, but here is my dark chocolate Carolina reaper cake!
Fall Floral Cake! Brown Sugar Bourbon with Cherry Filling.
Lupin reports Rs 438.3 crore net profit in Q3 FY21, led by improved sales in US, India - Moneycontrol.com
Pizza time
"Gift" Cake
flaming creme brulee tart
Veal and Chicken Parmesan
Filipino chicken adobo 😋
Traditional Swiss seasonal venison dish with all the garnishes
Garlic and Cheddar Artisan Bread
Breakfast pizza w/smoked bacon, egg, mushroom, brie and parmesan.
Fried Taco Balls
Tomato, garlic and cheese galette
Brioche dinner rolls. Pretty happy with them.
Christmas Steak and Mashed Potatoes under a Parmesan Crisp
Grilled Tilapia
Eggplant fatteh with falafels
this amazing burger. Yum.
creme brûlée
Red velvet cake with cherry compote and "spooky" cream cheese frosting
Santa bread
Valentine's Day Brunch
salted pork loin
Leftover Steak and eggs (not the best presentation, still delicious though)
38 Oz tomahawk steak
Turkey Day for one - Sprouts w/Lemon, roasted Veg, mashed and scalloped, canned cranberry, baby gem/cucumber/apple/mozzarella Salad, Sparking Jasmine green tea, and eggnog
Orange and vanilla crème caramel with candied lime and caramel spiral
double stuffed crunch wraps in the making, lunch gonna be fire.
Pan-fried Salmon with a Romesco Sauce and Fennel-apple Crudités
I too, present to you  steak w/ chimichurri, ‘tatoes and mixed salad w/ mozza pearls, cherry tomatoes and a balsamic redux
Eggs Montreal w potato rosti.
Chicken With Lemon And Olives
1 tomatoe dice add balsamic glaze,parmsean cheese,fresh basil ,add on top of baguette and bake for 7 mins at 325°
bagels (plain, sesame, shallot, cacio e pepe, plain, jalapeño beechers
Reverse-Seared Sirloin | Arugula | Grilled Pear | Candied Walnuts | Gorgonzola | Creamy Balsamic
Fried Eggs
Lemon Polenta Cake
Korean Wheat Noodles with  roasted garlic + sesame + shoyu sauce, grilled eggplant with chili oil, and fried shiitake
Turkish egg(s?)
Grilled Chicken ❤️
Foccacia with blue cheese and olives
Khinkali
Pancakes!
Thai red curry chicky chicky wing-wings
Beef plate ribs, right off the smoker
Sunday Pasta
Jaegerschnitzel and Spaetzle
Bacon and Blue Cheese burgers
My take on Pasta Aglio e Olio from the movie Chef. (Paired best with Chardonnay, but I only had Cabernet)
Carrot cake cupcakes
Surf and Turf
Kadai paneer with garlic naan
Seared tuna with basmati rice
Green chili chicken taquitos
Pappardelle (colours: spinach/plain/tomato)
Khao Soi
A fried bologna sandwich
Crawfish and Beer
Shredded chicken chili with jalapeno cheddar corn bread.
Mushroom Bourguignon
Beef and brisket pho
Bacon wrapped pepperjack chicken w/ green beans and potatoes.
8 hours cooking | Tuscon garlic chicken
pan fried chicken legs with garlic, mushrooms and rosemary
meatless meatloaf, squash, green beans and portobellos in adobo
churros!
Armadillo Eggs
Hot buffalo cheese fries with mozzarella, cheddar, chopped bacon, and chives.
Tom Foolery’s Viral Video ‘The Great Realisation’ - Women Love Tech
Shrimp Scampi
My Grandpa's favourite candy was Toffifee. I made these cupcakes for today's 'celebration of his life'. chocolate cupcakes with caramel frosting.
Shakshouka
shrimp etouffee
Peanut butter and jam muffins
Brownies!
HYDERABADI CHICKEN BIRYANI :
Gajrella
Nutella Cookies with Andes Cherry Jubilee Chocolate Chunks
Farm fresh scrambled eggs and mashed potatoes
Avocado toast with tomato, crushed red and black pepper and salt.
flourless brownies with walnuts, chocolate chunks, and flaked sea salt
Chicken Thighs with Creamy Mushroom Sauce and Quinoa
chewy chocolate chip &amp; cashew cookies
Clams in buttery white wine garlic sauce
kimchi chigae with pork and soft tofu
poached egg with Bacon and pan fried cauliflower gnocchi
Jerk Ribs (Bonus gif in comments)
Roni and ricotta pizza
Dry aged tomahawk and st emilion magnum
Prime Rib
Vegan Buffalo Wings (Deep Fried Cauliflower with Tapatios)
Egg Pie, Buko Pie, Durian Pie, Blueberry Cheesecake, Strawberry Cheesecake, Custard Cake and Moist Chocolate Cake
Farmers Breakfast - Campfire Cooking
Keto Brownie topped with Madagascar Vanilla Beam icecream and garnished with almond chunks
Reverse seared Cattleman beef
Avocado poached eggs with bacon and black pudding
Broiled lobster tails with butter, garlic, lemon juice, smoked paprika, and cayenne
Slow cooked ribs. RIBS. The bones literally just slid out
Broken rice with baked pork chop and eggloaf with a side of fish sauce, pickled cabbage, tomatoes, and scallion oil.
Sweet potato andouille hash
Chicken tacos.
Coffee Rubbed Venison
Pan pizza
Roasted Rack of Venison
67.1% durum wheat sourdough with brown n black sesame seeds
Bacon Wrapped Breakfast Stuffed Peppers
Grilled Shrimp with Salmon and salad.
Chipotle chicken rice bowls
Baked bluefish on rice
Freshly smoked bacon in 4 flavors from top to bottom: Meatchurch Gospel, Peppered, Actually Hot Seasoning, Mushroom Seasoning. Smoked over maple and apple wood.
Potato latkes with sour cream and chives
Pan Fried Salmon
Botanical Bread (Save the Bees)
Dinner at a Japanese hotel
Spanish Omelet
Chicken, potato, and cheese tacos
banana ice cream!
Steak Stir Fry.
Canelé
Korean "corndogs" with hot and spicy sauce.
Kapsalon, kebab meat, fries and (optional) vegetables.. all covered in chees. A fast food dish
Asian-styled fried chicken, fried rice, hibachi vegetables &amp; tuna sushi roll
Carbonara
Rustic meal I cooked that is a little representative of my korean - american upbringing: pan seared / butter basted ribeye, some trigger fish i caught this weekend, white rice, and some spicy dried anchovies. The kimchi is out of frame.
A Ginger Bear in his natural habitat.
Rotisserie chicken
Nepali Style Chicken Curry and Saag!
Salmon risotto
Steak, biscuits and eggs
Since I can’t go to Ikea, I made Ikea meatballs complete with the gravy!
General tso’s chicken and egg roll
Ham and mushroom Pizza
Gratin with tomato sauce
Krumkakes
attempt at making sushi, borrowed wegmans container
Carrot &amp; Bunny Donuts
Pasta with caramelized onion and meat...
bacon and egg on fresh tiger bread.
Valentine’s Day trifle with chocolate covered strawberries
Gyoza in three different sorts: fish/beef/mushrooms
Mushroom Pizza w/ Basil
Little Rascal Cookies
Tips for making a high quality breakfast dish using smoked salmon
Grilled ham &amp; cheese sandwich
grilled aubergine in curried yoghurt with home made naan.
Just tried 100% vegan restaurant Halo Burger in London! 🤯🤯🤯
Cherokee Grape Dumplings and Vanilla Ice Cream
cast iron seared steak and roasted potatoes
My attempt at tuna rolls.
Okinawa Flat Belly Tonic Drink - WATCH This Okinawa Flat Belly Tonic System Revi
Slow cooked beef soft tacos with charred corn and goats cheese salsa, guacamole and pickled slaw

in jewish but I love pork, challa-saged sausage stuffing
Kenyan samosas
Cashew Yogurt Raita, Vegetable Masala, Dal and Naan
Chicken tortilla soup tonight
Chicken Bacon Ranch Penne Penne pasta -topped with crispy chicken, bacon bits, buffalo hot and homemade ranch sauce
7(ish) layer Dip for Halloweenie
Carne Asada, Ramen, and more all around Seattle
Cinnamon-Vanilla French Toast, Banana, Crushed Almonds and Mascarpone Cream
Avocado toast with arugula and jammy eggs
good sushi.
Reverse-seared chuck roast.
I made Chicken tikka skewers with a tamarind chutney, how's it look ?
Bread and Omelette
Pizza dough and sauce
I made Goulash
Fried Buttermilk Marinated Chicken and Cream Cheese Churros...Guajillo Pepper Syrup...Potato and Long Pepper Home Fries...Tanjin...
Trifle for my daughter’s birthday.
hake au gratin with chorizo, rice with chorizo ​​sauce, oyster mushrooms sautéed with garlic
Cowboy Caviar. (Shrimp Ceviche)
Venison Sausage Tortellini w/Baby Spinach
Chocolatw chip skillet cookie with peanut butter sauce
Praline Pecan Caramel Cinnamon Rolls
Vegan pasta carbonara with bacon alternative
my go to summer meal.
Scrambled duck eggs on toasted sourdough bread with Scottish smoked salmon
my soufflé
Cheesecake + Dark Chocolate Hazelnut Ghirardelli Ganache ✨🍓🌰🍫✨
Beef Stir-Fry w/ Mushroom, Spices &amp; White Rice
Beef stew with carrots
Arminian Hummus (pictured with feta cheese wedges).
Caprese style crostini dripping in balsamic
French Onion Meat Pie
tandoori chicken and chick pea pulao. a staple childhood meal and meal prep for the week!
Peach tart
Pumpkin Bread Recipe
royal icing Pokémon cookies
Oreo Red Velvet Macarons
Oven melted double cream brie appetizer served with toasted pumpkin seeds, parmesan/chive crackers and Chia/Quinoa crackers
chicken and sausage gumbo with homemade garlic bread over white rice
Refeição Horrível do mal: Anjo se torna alimento para SATAN - Cozinhando...
eye of round roast with dutchess potatoes.
Alton Brown’s mincemeat recipe ready to macerate in a crock
caramel cinnamon roll
Thai sweet and sour stir fry
steak and sautéed potatoes
McDonald’s fries
shrimp tacos with crispy flour tortillas, corn salsa, and lime crema
Roasted spatchcocked chicken with potatoes and golden beets
Japanese red bean cookies
Spicy red sauce with sausage and rigatoni. Garlic bread on the side!
Hot Chocolate! Best Recipe in the world!
Chips
Shokupan French toast with honeyed whip cream and strawberry mint sauce
Mini chicken pot pies
Sundried tomato, basil, cashew and garlic pinwheels
Christmas tree Pie
sweet potato gnocchi with chicken topped with mushrooms in parmesan cream sauce
South Indian Bread Upma
Banana Pudding Cake!
Yukgaejang / Spicy beef soup with chilli oil and spicy spring onion salad
Cinnamon Roll Waffles
Curry chicken and channa saag
sourdough crust, sausage and beef on half, sausage and baby belle mushrooms on the other half
Donut Caterpillar
Dessert.
17lb smoked prime rib
Atukula Mixture Recipe | Poha Mixture | Poha Chivda అటుకుల మిక్చర్ ని కారం కారంగా ఇలా చేసుకోవచ్చు
Beetroot Risotto
Eggs, potatoes, bacon, and a roll
Pie!
Fondant Potatoes
Birria Tacos w/ Spicy Consommé
Double Chocolate Twix Cake
eggnog cinnamon rolls
I made these  garlic roasted potatoes for dinner last night, they were delicious!
Garash cake (Bulgarian hazelnut cake) without flour
Fried Shrimp Po' Boy with Crystal's Hot Sauce
shrimp and penne with vodka sauce
Watch funny viral video: Never mess with eagles food - crane learns lesson the hard way, becomes big trend - Zee Business
salmon
good old Tiramisù
"Well, Give the man a hand!" - Clarence J. Boddicker
mix dal
Slow Roasted Lamb shoulder
Alfredo Sauce
Pan seared trout on a bed of flavored rice
Healthy Cocoa cake🤎
Finally learnt how to make proper rice
Negimaki
Neapolitan pizza for my family!
Best Polish smoked sausage
Girl Scout Tagalong and graham cracker crust with a peanut butter cream filling, chocolate ganache and do-si-do crumble pie
pasta dish
Beer battered onion rings with herbs
Tsukemen
a yummy stacked cheese paste sandwich
Scrippelle (crepes in broth) for New Years
Brisket McMuffins with pan fried brisket "bacon"
mochi ice cream
Turkey, Wild Rice &amp; Mushroom Soup
Garlic noodles
- Grilled fish with potatoes
Strawberry Vanilla cake
Sweet &amp; Spicy Soy-Braised Short Ribs
Spicy Tuna Onigiri
Double layer chocolate cake with strawberry Italian meringue buttercream and fresh strawberries, plus a chocolate ganache drip
fried Lion Fish with Coleslaw.
Tomato and Onion Tart
An apple fresh from the orchard.
sous vide lemon rosemary chicken and honey thyme roasted carrots.
Protein pancakes
Monte Cristo Lasagna
Biscuits and Gravy
cast iron porterhouse, rosemary roasted smashed potatoes with grilled broccoli
Krabby Patty (Cupcakes) for Spongebob Birthday Party
Gordon Ramsay’s Fish and Chips w/ Tartar Sauce
Single patty, crispy shallots, cheese
Filet mignon with blue cheese butter, asparagus, and baked potato. 3 year wedding anniversary dinner :)
Mix Grill - Bar/Grill in the mountains on Gran Canaria
Milk and Honey Cake
Sushi bake w/ salmon and spam
Bang-bang shrimps
Chimichurri Arepa and Yuca Fries
Coca Cola Chicken Recipe
Elk, broccoli and air-fried wedges
Turchetta from Kenji / Serious Eats
bacon wrapped scallops in Boston
how to make burger at home || world tamil king s ""
Beef stew, that's all, just beef stew.
French onion soup with croutons
bacon wrapped dates stuffed w almonds!
Rajasthani Aloo Matar Curry in Telugu రాజస్థానీ స్టైల్ ఆలూ బఠాణి కర్రీ దేనికి అయినా మంచి కాంబినేషన్
Eggnog French Toast, Soft Scrambled Eggs, Shaved Potato and Onion
dinner rolls - Josh Weissman recipe
Roasted Red Bell Pepper Pesto with Chicken, Broccoli, and Asparagus.
Veg Paneer Fried Rice
Roasted beet salad with toasted sesame seed encrusted goat cheese
mini champagne cakes
Yeah I got that WAC.....wet ass carrot
cheese and broccoli pie
Gluten free air-fryer Mozzerella sticks
sour cream donuts with maple brown butter glaze 🍩
Fried Green Tomatoes, white cheddar &amp; caramelized onion grits, country ham, tomato chutney, tomato butter.
Hawaiian Pineapple and Mushroom Fried Rice Featuring Ching He Huang - Ve...
Balsamic Glaze
Kenji’s Fried Chicken Sandwich
I wanted to cook for the family, so I seasoned a chicken and served it with carrots! Add a little butter if you want
Ramen bowl and an interpretation of bao buns
Filet Mignon with Béarnaise sauce
buttermilk brined cornish hens, herb roasted potatoes, spinach stuff mushrooms, deviled eggs, and Christmas cranberry cheesecake
Chicken thighs seasoned with taco seasoning and black pepper for tacos.
German Brötchen
Baby Back Ribs with Baked Beans and Collard Greens
EASY DIY Vegan Salted Butter Recipe.
Bavarian Pretzels
carbonara
Quiche. Broccoli, feta, veggie crumble and topped with cheddar.
24 hour cheater sourdough. Probably one of my better looking loaves.
Binging with Babish inspired nachos!
no bake OREO cheesecake 😋
shredded chicken stew
apple cider donuts!
Milk chocolate fudge
Tortellini pasta stuffed with spinach, basil and ricotta. Served on a tomato and white wine sauce
Apple tart ❤️
Opera Cake
Lentil Noodles With Vegetable Sauce ""
Nando's style peri peri chicken... Finger licking good
Surf and Turf
Takoyaki (Japanese Octopus Balls)
Chocolate Waffles
chicken breasts stuffed with feta, spinach, garlic, onion, cream cheese and mayo. Very good.
scrapple, egg, and cheese on everything bagel
lox and mimosas
Gumbo Eggs Benedict
Christmas wreath sugar cookies!
scrambled eggs, fried potatoes, and peanut butter toast
Mooncakes
Some really good ramen 10/10 tasted amazing only took 3:30 in the microwave!
Lotus seed paste mooncakes
I made smothered chicken breast, with roasted asparagus and couscous.
Popcorn chicken, roasted sweet corn, and sweet potato fries
Just prepared Canarian Pinchos Morunos (pork)
air fryed beech mushrooms
Sausage and egg scramble
wholemeal spelt sourdough with milled chia seeds
Ethiopian dishes with injera
Mussels tossed in garlic/butter sauce.
lemon tart with shortbread crust
Spaghetti with Tomato Sauce
Tried some some new recipe today... not sure why mine look like this
Udon Noodle Soup &amp; Tempura Prawns
spaghetti squash taco bowls.
Smoked bacon
smoked ham and chorizo w/mild cheddar, pickles, spring onion, on a toasted sub roll.
breakfast sandwich with bacon, pan-fried salami, an over-easy egg, sautéed chanterelle mushrooms, and avocado on a cheddar roll.
Octopus
Osso buco w/ gremolata wild mushroom risotto, sautéed asparagus and red peppers.
a Batter &amp; Dough “Fruit Tart” Cupcake
Jamaican spiced chicken on top of kale, cabbage, carrot salad with sesame dressing and roasted Brussels sprouts/sweet potato. Inspired by Sweet Green!
some ribs I made for dinner
Pan Seared Sea Scallops with Risotto and Arugula Pesto
“McGriddle” with protein pancakes, habanero cheese, 2 eggs, bacon and maple syrup
Bengali fish curry
Ragù alla bolognese
Holyoke Police Chief Manny Febo fact-checks allegations in suspended officer’s viral video - MassLive.com
Taiwanese beef noodle soup (my personal take on it, anyways)
Unnecessarily large diner pancake
Smash burger and fries
Shrimp hash with poached eggs
Shrimp étouffée
real life cake day breakfast: butterscotch and chocolate chip pancakes, bacon and coffee
FLAN
Pan-fried crispy Tteokbokki
Brownies - naughty or nice, cheesecake, black cocoa, salted caramel pretzel
Garlic Herb Rolls
Cooking a great steak in 4K
chicken and rice bowl with homemade salsa and guac, torched cotija
SpiceJet to launch 66 new flights in domestic network from March 28 - Check routes, bookings and more - DNA India
Double Fried Honey Soy Garlic Chicken Wings
Chocolate, strawberry and hazelnut praline cake.
cloud egg
Victoria Sponge with homemade Black forest jam
Sausage and cheddar egg bites with sourdough
octopus pita
Traditional Italian lasagna
Extra crispy double fried wings (sweet chili teriyaki &amp; honey garlic) and cajun wedges!
Baked feta pasta is my new fav dinner
Blinis with Salmon, Cream Cheese &amp; Lumpfish Caviar
Pad See Ew
Jjajangmyeon
Air Fried Crab Cakes &amp; Polenta
Lemony Christmas sugar cookies
Lobster Rolls
How To Make Simple And Delicious Sushi At Home
Smoked turkey breast on the Weber Smoky Mountain.
malaysia chee cheong fun😋
never made a cake before. For Thanksgiving.
Grilled hanger steak with lingonberry bbq sauce dukkah atop of black bean noodles
Eggless Chocolate Cake without oven
pork shoulder chops (pressure cooked n pan-seared), sautéed vegetables and steamed rice
French toast and fried plantains
Chicken Katsu w/ Coco Ichibanya Curry
Muri Ghonto
pumpkin french toast!
Eggs Benedict, arugula and lemon salad, smoked salmon, and sautéed potatoes.
mouth watering turkish food
Tortilla de patatas / Spanish omelette with potatoes and onions
Cheese and meat board w. side of bread and fried eggs
Insane Mac and cheese contraption
Schweinebraten, Rotkohl, Kartoffelsalat &amp; Spaetzle
nothing like being the main cook, the one who sometimes charges, the one who delivers on the bike, and still being the official photographer of the place
Two bean chili con carne and honey butter cornbread
Liver&amp;Rice stuffed in lamb caul fat
mexican Conchas
Seafood Risotto
Birria Tacos (beef, not goat.)
lard bread aka prosciutto bread
Beyondmeat burger w tater tots
A bowl of Singapore Laksa
Jamaican jerk chicken, coconut rice and beans with caribbean styled green beans.
Smash burger on martins potato roll.
A cake from a Korean bakery (no I didn’t eat all of it in 1 sitting). Vanilla-flavor sponge cake with fruits and gelatin in the middle layer.
Fried fish tortilla!
beef and chicken schnitzel burger
Dutch Oven Chili with cornbread on top
A simple twist of fate: Kamala Harris may preside over Trump trial - Times of India
Come on mochi! Refuses to get down from counter..
BLT&amp;A On An Artisan Bacon Infused Baguette
Apple Tarte Tatin and Meyer Lemon Spice Cake
cast iron calzone
chicharon(pork rinds) made by grandma from family recipe.
crispy lamb flatbreads
gluten free yellow cake cupcakes with chocolate frosting! (Sorry about the pic quality, I wanted to try the iPhone’s studio light portrait picture function. It’s a little extra 😂)
brown butter brownies, part ll
Pumpkin spice waffles with maple pecan syrup, sausage and gravy mashed potatoes, and breaded turkey.
Cinnamon-Swirl Raisin Bread French Toast with Maple-Bacon Syrup.
Beef Lasagna
Chocolate Unicorn Cake
How To Make A Daft Punk  French Omelette - Ultimate Video
Bombay Chicken Biryani | National Bombay Biryani | Special Bombay Biryani | بمبئ بریانی سپیشل
Simple Mexican breakfast
Lobster tail loaded with garlic, green onions with mirin and soy sauce
Cheese and Cracker Board
scrambled eggs with cheese on avocado toast, most important meal of the day.
Uruguayan empanada and ravioli
Turkey Club with Two Eggs Sunny Side Up on a Fresh Onion Bagel
Ayam Goreng Saus Kecap Inggris.
chocolate macarons with blueberry buttercream.
https://www.monsieur-cuisine.com/es/recetas/detalle/tortilla-de-feta-y-rucula-con-tomates-secos/?L=0&amp;amp;cHash=309c2f9f7fb7e68910ed40824d4a3993
Scrambled eggs on sourdough with a side of pancakes
Salt Fish and Ackee with Jamaican Rice and Beans
Grass-fed, butcher steak, all the way from Nebraska US to Bulgaria. 3 min per side in the skillet. Dear Holly Mother of God.
Congee with Roasted squash, chile crisp and pork belly
White Chocolate Macadamia Nut Cookies
seared duck breast, miso parsnip purée, cherry port sauce, watercress, cilantro oil , rosemary duck fat snow
Beef Bulgogi on Garlic Rice
Venison Backstrap Wellington
Pumpkin Whoopie Pies
Blueberry and Raspberry Cheesecake
Bhindi Masala
Chocolate Peanut Butter Macarons.
Ichiban Noodles + Ikea meatballs; quick fix when I don't know what to cook.
Lahmacun Kebab: Turkish Pizza
cucumber kim chi
Our attempt at making Sushi, super happy with the result :)
Coffee Steak w/ Butter Rum Pan Sauce, Ancho Chili Mashed Potatoes and Oven roasted Broccolini
ramen my best friends made last night
ranch steak with mushrooms sauce, crispy potatoes and roasted garlic green beans
at Kaffi Loki. This is their Specialty plate - Iceland (description of food in the comments)
I tried AirPods Pro and Galaxy Buds Pro for 2 weeks. Here's the verdict - CNET
Jedi Sushi Maki
Wok lo mein with seaweed salad and dumplings.
I made  chickpea curry 😍 (Im trying to teach myself to cook real food)
Chicken pot pie art...
Tableside lobster bisque
Alone at the office trying to recreate one of my favorite sandwiches from back home | Boar's Head Genoa &amp; Hard Salami, Hot Uncured Capocollo, Pecorino Romano, and balsamic drizzle on a cheap baguette.
Honey-sesame ahi tuna steak chopped salad w/ homemade croutons
Honey buttermilk biscuits with brown butter.
Minnesotans relying on food stamps, shelves will receive extra help from stimulus package - Minneapolis Star Tribune
Beef Wellington
Cauliflower Cheese Pizza
Ruby chocolate with strawberry and cbd filling i made for a school project
Açaí
spinach artichoke dip wonton cups
Chicken Parmesean
my friend’s triple yolk egg ☯️
Sourdough Pizza
Smoked Beef Brisket Satay
dry rub and buffalo chicken wings.
Braised Beef Short Ribs, Polenta with Fresh Corn and Poblanos, Collards w/ bacon
Ramen with pork belly
ribeye smashburger
slow cooked rubbed &amp; smoked lamb shoulder. Turned out super tender!
Simple honey mustard glazed salmon on rice
Bacon egg and cheese biscuit sandwiches with jalapeño
French Onion Melt
Korean Fried Chicken. 4 flavors: Original, Red Series, Honey Garlic, Sweet and Spicy Pepper!
chocolate chip waffles
Chocolate, date and coconut bars
Oyakodon (chicken and egg rice bowl)
Chicken Curry Tacos.
Swedish ballerina cookies
Chicken Katsu with Udon Noodles
pasta tomato and pepper
Chicken and Dumplings
Quesabirria with Consommé
waffle egg and cheese McGriddle
Char Siu pork Gua Bao
lightly toasted Croissant , chicken and eggs with spinach
pan seared brussel sprouts
zucchini lasagna
pork belly and crackling
Pasta with chorizo, pine nuts and roasted veggies
MacDonalds sausage/egg muffin and hash
Sausage Mummies for Halloween
Quarantined People Are Sharing Their Failed Baking Attempts And Here Are 10 Of The Funniest Ones
Milk Chocolate Easter Chick
Cherry Pie with fresh self-picked cherries
pene pasta with meat and mushroom sauce
Beef stroganoff!
Bbq me and my 16 yr old bro did.
Devil's Food Cake!
Salted Caramel!
Marbled brownies (peanut butter)
Julia Child's Beef Bourguignon
cream puff swan
spicy ponzu chicken, deep fried mandu, Korean seafood pancake, japchae, sweet and spicy garlic chicken
Buffalo mozzarella, portobello mushrooms and artichoke pizza.
Beef Brisket Curry With Rice
Thai Tea Cream Puffs
Thanksgiving sweet potato rolls
BBQ sandwich
Buttercookie Hearts (Dutch Boterkoek) Happy Valentinesday!
Rice fried by a Chicken with help from Ginger, Carrots, Onions, Scallions, Sesame Seeds and Garlic
Traditional Silesian (southern Poland) dinner by an actual Silesian person, me. Hope you guys like it :)
pork schnitzel with roasted carrots and potatoes
Grilled tenders
Falefel
Chorizo Potato Hash.
Scallop wrapped in bacon on black pudding with blueberries cooked on shell
New Year’s Eve Dinner: Beef Wellington with Garlic Mashed Potatoes and Steamed Broccoli
Fried Carrot Cake
Fall Comfort
Croissants oui oui
Snake River American Kobe Sirloin... perhaps a hair overcooked and entirely too much beef fat to eat in one sitting. But amazing and a fun experience.
peanut butter chocolate cookie
Jerk Chicken With Red Beans And Rice
Lemon Pepper Salmon Burger
Coconut Cake
Pork belly w melted cheese
Pasta ala Amatriciana
Cod with Gemelli noodles. Heavy cream reduced with onion, mushrooms and garlic. I’m trying to improve my cooking!
Pork Carne Fries
Beef Bourguignon Pot Pie
mini cocktail smokies wrapped in croissant dough with cheese inside , more info in comments
Made filet mignon with sweet green beans and duchess potatoes for today
Godzilla Vs. Kong (2021) One Will Fall -  Pancake Art | LEMON Pancake
Shakshuka with chickpeas
Thai peanut chili chicken
Judy Rodgers’ Zuni Cafe Roasted Chicken w/Warm Arugula Salad and Croutons
Burger-dog
Chorizo pizza made with almond flour and eggs
Italian Sausage Mac’n’Chz Bake
Hearty Breakfast Potpie
Pumpkin and apple pies, pumpkin cheesecake, and a pumpkin spice latte
Loaded Potato Skins
Roasted Cauliflower in Turmeric Kefir
Charcuterie with burrata
temperature control deep fryer
NYTimes Cooking One-Pot Braised Chicken with Coconut Milk, Tomato &amp; Ginger
Fish tacos with refried beans and Mexican corn salad
Novel Coronavirus Jumped From Bats To Humans With ''Very Little Change'': Scientists - NDTV
Hokkaido soup curry
Yule log appreciation post, happy holidays everyone!
Shoyu ramen, honey baked pork belly, fresh cut buttered corn, extra ramen egg
lobster, scallops, mussels and shrimp in a lemon garlic butter sauce
Okinomiyaki
Fettuccine!
Fresh Fruit Salad
noodle bowl
2 misprints in one day
"" Sweet Potato Dessert Fries
Slow red wine braised short ribs
Truffle cake
Chipotle and maple glazed pork shoulder with cara cara oranges and whole chipotle peppers in Adobo.
Everything Bagel with Smoked Salmon, Goat Cheese, Capers, and Dill
Mixed meat platter
My first baked potato
Tasty &amp; Easy Way to Make Turkish Kabab
Grazing table with  and homegrown fruits.
Haunted house Halloween cake
Schezwan Paneer Sandwich
Crispy Mongolian Beef
Arizona Dreamin' Chicken over Rice and Veggies and bit of queso blanco
Shrimp in a garlic butter sauce
Hummingbird cake with Dulce de Leche Creamcheese Icing
Birria tacos and carne asada fries with fresh squeezed pineapple juice.
Lava salsa in molcajete w/ fresh pressed tortillas
West African Peanut Soup with Rosemary Bread Bowl
Halloween themed meatloaf.
- gnocchi with burnt butter and cheese
brisket and beer brats
Cheeseburger on brioche. 1:1:1 sirloin, brisket, short rib blend ground at home. Another level of flavlr
My attempt at  Chicken Tikka Masala!
Oven Roasted Tofurky Luncheon Meats
Blanton's Small Batch Bourbon Truffles
patties with cheese to make hamburgers
I ate already,San Francisco’s"
LASAGNA / steak and land with red wine
Coconut Cream Pie For Pi Day
Rabbit stew with fingerling potatoes, pearl onions, vegetables. Six hours on low in the crock pot.
Cinnamon rolls
Teriyaki Steak Bites
Burgers &amp; Spicy Potatos
Tamworth pork chop from the legendary UK butcher, the Ginger Pig. Fried sage, jus.
Garma garm jalabian in Punjab Pakistan.
Chicken Kebab
Quadruple Cheese Lasagna, Chips and Salad
Blossoming Apple Custard Tart With Apple Compote Filling
crazy dried anchovies, Yammy
Smash burgers on the new stovetop flat top griddle we got over the weekend.
Carrot lox and cashew cream cheese on a bagel
Roasted chicken, cauliflower purée, mixed green salad
Giant cookies
Creole Red Jambalaya
Mini pepperoni pizza
fork-tender scallops with lemon risotto and asparagus
Chocolate-Orange Marbled Bundt Cake
Grilled cheese sandwich!
eggs benedict with smoked salmon and avocado
Macaroni &amp; Egg
Chicken Ramen :)
Cranberry Curd Tart with Almond Crust
Mushroom omelette
Double Dipped/Coated Pork Milanese
GÀ ĐỒ CHƠI tẩm bột CHIÊN GIÒN RỤM cùng Thánh Nấu Ăn - ASMR Stop Motion F...
deep dish pancakes with dark chocolate chips
Mr. Food: Buffalo Cauliflower - Channel3000.com - WISC-TV3
Steak and Guinness Pie
Chopped Brisket Sandwich
Water Avenue - Some of the best coffee in Portland.
Beef Barbacoa Breakfast Sandwich
Ăn KHOAI TÂY CHIÊN làm từ BÚT CHÌ - ASMR Mukbang No Talk/Kluna Tik Style
Nashville Hot Chicken Sandwich with Coleslaw and and IPA
Garden: Clay Potato Stones, Asparagus, Broccoli Sprout Grass, Edible Soil
Traditional spicy salad vermicelli noodle with Vietnamese sausage by team Thai grocery online.
Khachapuri- Delicious !
Sourdough Country Bread
Prawn noodle soup for dinner
Chicken with snow peas
Whole Chicken Leg with Creamy Mushroom Medley and Shishito Pepper Green Beans.
breakfast sandwich in the afternoon
Guinness beef and venison stew over campfire
Tequila Lime Shrimp Tacos, With Cilantro Line Dressing
rolls
buckwheat noodle, sauteed spinach, lap cheong and an egg.
Carpaccio
38 Oz. Tomahawk steak for dinner :)
OnlyFans, show me some love 😘😘
Back at it again.
Beef and cheese quesadillas with homemade guacamole
Ceviche de camarón
[homemade) FRIED RICE YAY!
Birthday Cake - I made this Yummy cake last-night
Miso chicken ramen
Pollo Pibil Tacos
Spongebob and his house.
pork stir fry with noodles and veg
alfam bbq
Toast Pizza
Gyūdon with roasted onion and soft-cured egg yolk
Limoncello, an italian lemon liqueur
Beef rib birria
filet with dijon smashed potatoes and roasted broccoli.
NO EGG -  Mariegold Steam Cup Cake | बनाएं बिना अंडे का Steamed कप केक
My turkey after researching this subreddit for a week.
Pork Ribs and spareribs/pork belly slices with apples and potatoes. Prepared by myself with my grandmother watching.
Garlic &amp; Mushroom Pizza
Italian Salad with Chicken (left) - Chicken Creamy Bacon Mushroom Sauce (right)
Pavlova with Banana, hazelnuts, caramel and whipped cream
Chicken shawarma wrap

my first challah
Spicey Chicken &amp; Cherry Tomato Masala w/ Coconut Milk. Served w/ Turmeric &amp; Pepper infused Basmati Rice.
Croissants
bacon wrapped boudin stuffed pork tenderloin. Pepper jelly glaze.
Buttermilk Marinated Chicken, Collard Greens and Cornbread
duck donburi and tori kara age with gyoza dipping sauce. P.S. I don’t like runny egg yolk!
Teriyaki Chicken Salad
Pancake cereal
Pasta and meat sauce from scratch
Prosciutto, red pepper, onion, and mushroom pizza
Lobster Gnocchi in Garlic Cream Sauce
Neapolitan Cake with Swiss Meringue Buttercream
Mini-Cheddar Sandwhich
succulent steamed NZ crayfish with garlic butter and crispy chips
Rosemary and Garlic Popcorn
roast chicken dinner &amp; homemade yorkshire puddings
My cookies!
Pork belly with Mint Shishito sofrito, second attempt at plating nicely :)
Salmon rice bowl with soy marinated egg and garden veggies
Salsa
Japanese lime soba recipe | すだちそば | 日式酸橙荞麦面
Gnocchi with tomato sauce
Pizza, Pastry and Coffee
The shrimp of scampi.
Purple sweet potato soup
Chicago dog for lunch today. Loving the sunny weather and that snap.
a very large donut. Regular sized donut on the left for reference
Pizza pockets
Chicago pizza
Chocolate cupcakes topped with chocolate ganache, peppermint infused cream cheese frosting and crushed candy canes.
MSM (Methyl-Sulfonyl-Methane) Và 6 Công Dụng Tuyệt Vời Với Sức Khỏe Xương Khớp
Milk &amp; Cookies cake
Blueberry Pound Cake with Lemon Glaze
lemon meringue tart.
Chocolate cookies, made with leftover barley from beer crafting!
I made pumpkin pie from real pumpkins!!
mushroom soup topped with pan fried garlic mushrooms and a baguette fresh out of the oven.
Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez visits Houston Food Bank in wake of historic Texas winter storm - Houston Chronicle
Onam Sadhya from a few days ago!
chocolate silk pie
Scallops with chorizo, lemon and parsley
Chai Spice pancakes with caramel drizzle
Aurobindo Pharma Q3 net profit zooms over 4-fold to Rs 2,946.32 crore - Moneycontrol.com
Fried Pork Belly
Lobster tails
roasted butternut squash soup and grilled ham and cheese sandwiches with persimmon jam
Parillada
Creme Brulee
Chocolate Caramel Cream Pie, Baked Alaska &amp; more from Martha Stewart!
Goji Smoothie
Immunity booster homemade recipe rich iron and calcium
My oatmeal raisin cookies :-)
Dutch Sauerkraut Mash with Smoked Sausage and Dijon Mustard
Avocado Toast.
veg spring rolls and peanut sauce
Risotto with champignons and pancetta
red velvet cake with white chocolate buttercream, marshmallow fondant and rice piper decoration
Zucchini Parsnip Tian
Smoked chicken fried rice, papaya &amp; cucumber sunomono.
spicy eggplant, lentil curry, and roti
Smoked Tri-Tip with Smoked Jalapeno Relish, Grilled veg and Yellow Rice
Delicious Italian Pizza.
Korean corn cheese nachos
cheesy taco stuffed jumbo pasta shells
Brazilian feijão tropeiro &amp; ribs
vegan, date caramel snicker bars
Sesame Chicken
pistachio-vanilla shortbread with vanilla frosting
Mushroom, Mortadella, and Basil Pizza
Japanese Christmas Cake
Honey Walnut Shrimp (Used Pecan instead)
Korean Burger with homemade Kimchi
Ramen and tofu
Spicy Drumstick
Flan!
Donut Muffins
cast iron chicken thighs.
Beef and vegetable dumplings with homemade chilli oil too
Traditional fondue, Piedmontese bagna caúda, and crudités
Duck two styles. Roasted with Honey and Gochujang Glaze (left). Hickory Smoked with Ponzu (right).
Homemade Ahi Nigiri from awhile back :) Picked up the fish fresh from the local fish market in Kuta, Bali
Bourbon glazed ducks
Homemade Brownies
Pan Seared Ribeye, Duck Fat Roasted Potatoes, Arugula Salad
House Made Sausages
My protein meal for the day: Honey Soy Shrimp and Rice
Oven roasted tomato bruschetta
54 meatballs for spaghetti
cheese popcorn balls
breakfast
Bacon and cheese twist
Noodles
Almond Flower Tart
- Bifo Do Chorizo
White Margherita Pizza
My food Instagram, hope you like and will appreciate a follow. thanks
Cookies and milk
South Asian Biryani with Mango Chutney
Jello
Eggs and Toast
3rd crust this week...
egg yolk
Beautiful roasted veggies
Pizza
Pan fried shrimp
Pecan smoked Chicken Wings
hash browns with bacon, raclette cheese and fried egg
Thai red coconut curry with chicken and vegetables
Macarons
Eggs Benedict on Bagels with Hot Smoked Salmon
fusi istriani
Butter chicken, naan and rice
Pepperoni melt
Panettone
Braised/Seared Lemon thyme chicken thighs over black truffle sweet potato risotto.
Aggressively toasted toast with veggie + ham scrambled eggs
Beef &amp; summer truffle hamburger
Marshmallow filled cupcakes.
Salted egg, turmeric fried rice topped with salmon in coconut cream
Australia Day Roast Lemon Chicken with Rosemary Potatoes and assorted vegetables.
Cast iron hash brown with eggs, candied bacon, and green onion
Carbonara spaghetti
https://ift.tt/2LPgzke
Spaghetti and meatballs.
Tiramisu Waffles
Nepali ‘ ढिंडो सेट ‘
Garlicky Cuban pork(Cerdo tirado con ajo) tacos with black beans and rice(arroz congri)
Dark Soy Glazed Pork Chop with Red Cabbage Slaw
Free Nintendo Eshop Codes Generator
Hungarian Beef Goulash
Fried Chicken Sandwiches!
Air-fried chicken strip tacos
Waffle with real maple syrup, butter &amp; sausages
Quail Eggs
Margherita pizza
Some of that hot carb-on-carb action for Christmas morning 🎄
Tarta con crema de chocolate blanco y frambuesas
Pretzel Buns!
Pear, goat cheese, prosciutto tart.
Pok Pok style fish sauce wings and scallion pancakes.
Beef Wellington
Buñuelos de bacalao
Carnitas Tacos especiales
Barramundi
Croquetas de Jamón
Stovetop S’mores
I know there are hundreds of better pictures of holiday feasts others put together, but here’s mine and I’m proud .
Shahi Veg Biryani
Veggie pie
Khichdi, Mix Veggies, Fried Veggies, and Kheer
Pokebowl!
Shrimp and cheddar grits with green onions (served with Tabasco on the table, of course)
Glazed Ginger Neko Manma.
Grilled halloumi
smashed potatoes
Espresso chips, dark chocolate and milk chocolate chip cookies.
Charcuterie and Cheese board
Airfryer Pork Katsu
egg salad toast!
Peanut Butter Waffle 😋
Easy &amp; Delicious Pocket Samosa Recipe / Snack Recipe / Recette de Samosa
Food Trucks Are Steering Around The Pandemic, And Getting A Friendlier Reception - Forbes
Good morning!
tom ka kai
Baking a cookie from Cookie Dough Ice Cream
fettuccine Alfredo with beef sausage and garlic bread.
Beef Brisket
Cornish hens
Sourdough Country Style Bread
Mandarin Cherry Loaf with Almond
Steamed Hams
Deep Dish Pizza (Chicago-Style)
Pastel de almendras y ricotta sin harina
Dry Pepper Chicken or “laziji”
Lasagna with turkey, eggplant, and zucchini topped with gorgonzola bechamel.
ASDA PIZZA UK
Adobo marinated chicken, lime cilantro rice, black beans, queso blanco, and avocado slices.
Buche de Noel Christmas Log
Ravioli
Pork-belly and Gyoza, cheated and bought the gyoza though.
Frenched Lamb Chops with Mint Jelly. That's all.
naan bread, fresh hummus topped with olive oil and basil pesto
chocolate muffins with mint frosting.
Chicken almond curry 🤤
Apple-Cinnamon Dough Bomb
Dhaba style Chicken Karahi (Urdu/Hindi) Tasty and Easy Chicken Karahi | How to make chicken karahi
Lasagna with Lemon drop tomato sauce!
Samosa Chaat
Chicago dog in the sunshine.
Pan Pepperoni Pizza
grilled mackerel rice bowl with fish roe &amp; sautéed vegetable
cheese burst pizzas with my sister because it was her birthday. Who got hungry?
Risotto cacio e pepe
Skirt Steak with Pearl Onions
bun hu tieu with pork &amp; shrimp
jalapeño popper scoops!

Beakeramisù
Trinidadian doubles
Healthy Pizza
Cheese and Charcuterie spread
Pork en Croûte
Steak and Veggies
Spicy spaghetti
Kebab plate with french fries, algerian sauce
Leftover Mississippi pot roast sandwich, topped with cheese curds and an egg
teriyaki chicken
Strawberry cheesecake :)
bulgogi beef flavored bone broth. Sorry not very flashy but very tasty.
Seafood Medley Étouffée
Don’t Judge until you try a(Nan bread, Summer Sausage, Cheese of your choice ( graded) 1 minute 30 seconds in the microwave on high, Hot sauce of you choice, each is optional)
Spaghetti sauce with fresh noodles
tarts
Chicklate chip cookies
Fried egg sandwiches w/ homemade buttermilk biscuits
Roasted Macadamia Nut Crusted Mahi Mahi with Lobster Butter Sauce
Prawns with Guac
Sparky Grapefruit Mule
Almond and raspberry porridge
mushroom curry and Jeera Rice
Lemon pepper chicken and rice
Chicken fried eggplant tenders topped with peri-peri with a smoked butternut squash soup.
a strawberry banana Nutella waffle.
Chocolate cookie with white chocolate chips
Sturgeon tacos with homegrown jalepeño cilantro crema sauce
peppermint Christmas cake
Lemon &amp; poppy seed loaf (with a raspberry swirl inside)
carob biscuits
Big soft pretzel
white pizza with roasted mushroom, caramelized leeks, and an egg
Macaroni Salad With Beef &amp; Broccoli
Oysters Rockefeller
Butter croissants
Crispy parmesan chicken
Tonkatsu Ramen with sous vide chashu pork belly, marinated soft boiled eggs, and scallions.
When you know you made meat jelly
bacon-wrapped jalapeño poppers
I made paella!
Cottage pie
Yummmm
Yummy Jerky
Cookies for the (navy) Barracks.
Xixipee virus
"Mac" and cheese with garlic bread
Neapolitan Pizza
Thin Crust Margherita with cashew cheese
Chicken and Black Bean Enchiladas
Steamed chicken leg and sun dried tomatoes quinoa
Pumpkin-Cranberry Scone with Maple Pastry Cream
Thai lemongrass chicken
gruyere popovers
coconut cream pie
Roasted leeks.
Honey Garlic Shrimp
Choux au Craquelin with Salted Caramel Cream (I don’t remember if it was here or r/Baking but I saw someone else make it and was inspired to try it out)
How to store greens - easy effective way
Christmas Turchetta
Follow me on insta @kiko.cookinglife
Popcorn vanilla pancakes with salted caramel sauce
Whoever has a hate/hate relationship with snow should have some of this snow cream right now.....
CREAM CHEESE - Quick and Simple Steps
Grilled plantain and tomatillo salad with avocado and seared pork medallions.
taquitos de papa con queso (potato &amp; cheese) &amp; pollo (chicken) cabbage salad, with salt and pepper fresh lime juice &amp; refried black beans.
Christmas Sugar Cookies with Vanilla Buttercream
Grilled Omelette From Leftovers
Peach dessert
Red beans
Enchiladas with avocado crema
Maple-Glazed Marble Cake
brunch. Y’all dig boon sauce?
Apple Crumble Pie
maple-blueberry scones
Ramen with chicken, broccoli, egg, and green onion
Nduja pizza
Duck Stuffed Portabella Mushrooms
Baked Jumbo Shrimp With Lump Crab
tahdig rice
Big 'ol pie
Oysters with Caviar topped with Gold Foil
Chocolate Chip Cookies
New Jersey TAYLOR HAM Egg and Cheese
Italian wedding soup with giant meatballs
BBQ Chicken Thighs
40 Clove Garlic Chicken Sandwich
Made my 3-step crispy Filipino kare-kare (peanut curry). It may not look so yummy in the photo but it’s delicious! The crispy part would be our hometown’s chicharones. Will need to work more on the presentation.
Parmesan
earl grey macarons
Radiological images reveal how COVID virus can trigger the body to attack itself - News-Medical.Net
My attempt at making meringues with my left over egg whites from creme brûlée. Nothing wasted. (they are vanilla almond flavored)
Porchetta and crackling sandwich
Found and cooked a Chicken of the Woods mushroom.
how to add youtube end screen 2020
breakfast muffin with grilled Alaskan salmon, rústica mushrooms and sliced tomato, served with a glass of apple, pear and kale green smoothie
Tiramisu
Branston Pickle &amp; Cheddar Cheese Puff Pastry Xmas Tree
Homemade steakhouse sirloin steak and chunky fries
panko fried fish tacos
Day 1 in quarantaine
Rose mantou!
Artisan Bread
Caramelized Scallops with Strawberry Salsa
Dark Rye, Wholewheat Spelt, Golden Flaxseed Sourdough
mooncakes
Lamb shanks smoked and braised for 9 hours
Lebanese mezze
https://ift.tt/2YkWEfE
My  Food Video Edit 😂 Well i tried my best 🤙🏻
Spinach salad with seaweed and sesame dressing
Best Brewer For Coffee And Tea!!
seared tuna
Digby Scallops
Thai Butternut Squash Soup
Smoked warthog salami
Ribeye, Mac &amp; Cheese, Roasted Brussel Sprouts, and Loaded Baked Potato
Spicy Snow Crab &amp; Sweet Potato Sushi Rolls shaped like 'pi'
Beef and Lamb Pho
Cabbage Rolls.
peanut butter blossoms, chocolate peppermint blossom cookies, pumpkin chocolate chip cookies and sugar cookies, both frosted and not.
Glazed Donuts
Sweet and sour chicken stir-fry
Venison burgers, onion jam and IPA battered fries
So I made my name out of some cookies. “” 👍
Black garlic tonkotsu ramen w/ taking aki and gyoza.
Chocholate Babka
Flour tortillas for breakfast.
I love a freshly carved pineapple.
Made some caramel banana cake bars topped with toasted pecans 🍌🍨
i tried making grilled cheese, but also grilled cheese with ramen.
College Dining Hall Breakfast
pork roulade, crisp potatoes, roast broccoli, and cheese &amp; pepper jelly palmiers
Stuffed Bell Peppers
potato ice cream from Idaho
Red Wine Braised Beef Ribs with Parmesan Cheese Polenta
Pepperoni &amp; prosciutto pizza
garlic, artichoke, mortadella pizza with pistachios.
strawberry and hazelnut. Name a better combo?
duck breast, orange rice
Where can I eat  sandwich?
Last night's tempura battered, panko crusted fish tacos with fried rice
Korean Fried Chicken
chicken breast in creamy mushroom sauce
Deep-fried Camembert &amp; Red Onion Jam
Cheesecake
Baked Garlic Salmon with Roasted Vegetables
bread loafs (family recipe)
Pork chops with Garlic and Wine
Coffee | Hot Coffee Recipe |  Instant Coffee Recipe Hot | Shorts
spaghetti squash with meatballs and tomato sauce
Smoked Boston Butt, Homemade Chips, Side Salad
spaghetti and homemade tomato sauce
Louisiana Style Sticky Beef Ribs
Apple pie made in Toronto, Canada
Drumsticks
pizza. My crust is the superior crust.
. no need oven
Maple butter tarts
Chicken teriyaki with rice
Tofu Teriyaki Don
Fried Apple Pies with Cinnamon Sugar
Baba Ganoush
White pizza &amp; Cheese Pizza
Handmade chocolates
Finnish rock paper scissors
Hand Minced Ribeye Burgers
Korean gochujang crispy baked tofu (vegan-friendly!)
10 foods that turns into a fat deposits immediately after you eat them
Gainers
“Mathews” Pizza
Garlic, fresh cracked pepper and oregano seasoned gluten free crust topped with sliced tomatoes and olive oil, habanero Monterey jack, spicy italian sausage, fresh onions and green peppers.
Eggs Benedict drenched in Hollandaise sauce
cajun crab boil
Chocolate and vanilla sandwich cookies with hazelnut nougat filling
A true revolutionary .
Buffalo wing beef jerky.
Got another  naked cake for y’all. Coconut Cake with Coconut Buttercream.
Cable Car Cocktail
Takoyaki
simple ham toastie
Miso Ramen with Dark Soy Chicken
Made pancakes for 9th grade foods class. My sibling took the pictures!
Greek spread
Lobster Mac and Cheese
Breakfast Egg, Toast Soldiers and a good cuppa.
roasted shrimp with olive oil, basil, oregano, Parmesan, salt, pepper, and a squeeze of lemon.
Late night mozzarella sticks
Conchiglioni w/ Pesto
pizzas, sandwiches and mac n cheese sticks
INDIAN VEG DISH 😋
Naruto Tonkotsu ramen
omlette and potato fry
Baby Baguette
Quesadillas
Veg Thali
Peanut Butter Cookie
Reese’s chocolate peanut butter cake with peanut butter buttercream filling
Sourdough and Cranberry Upside Down Cake
Chicken Picatta
Sushi for Two
Macaroni and Cheese
Cinnamon Raisin Ham Sandwich &amp; PB
Indian butter chicken, fried chicken, prawn biryani and yoghurt!
Eggs, Bacon and Rye Toast
Bday cake for my friend who recently came out! Chocolate with chocolate frosting plus m&amp;ms
Chicken Parmesan (with spaghetti, marinara sauce, and peas)
La Bella Pizzeria Garden brown bottom baked Pizza Pie in California.
Brunch Spread
Pizza burrata basil
Mi Goreng Kampung
Salmon 3-way (Citrus Salt Pepper / Tikka Masala / Soy Ginger Sesame)
Octopus sashimi
Smoked chicken wings.
Pickles
pineapple thai fried rice
Twice baked potato
coffee ice cream cake with brownies, hot fudge, and whipped vanilla frosting
Chicken in white wine garlic mushroom cream sauce with fresh garden herbs
Mediterranean Brunch (Charred tomatoes w/Greek Yogurt and Braised Eggs w/Leeks)
Pappardelle with truffle mushroom cream, beef tenderloin, side salad &amp; orange mascarpone cheesecake.
Mug of Black Tea with Assorted Christmas Chocolates
ribeye Steak dinner
Pancakes with Nutella and Maple Syrup
vanilla bean custard tart
baguette with cheese, pepperoni, tomato and mushroom
Chicken tenders
Chocolate Pudding Pie
Grilled steak, lobster tails, duck fat potatoes and asparagus.

Boilermaker chili
honey lemon roasted chicken thigh with honey Sriracha sauce
tomatoes and Mozzarella with olives on the side
Traditional Brazilian plate. Farofa, picanha, feijão carioquinha, vinagrete e arroz.
Crispy skin salmon w/ broccoli sprouts over poblano cream sauce and herb oil
Pesto pizza with homegrown basil and tomatoes
peppermint milkshake
Earn Free Amazon Gift Cards &amp; Codes Legally - GiftsJunkie ""
Eskimo Doughnuts: plain, raspberry, cinnamon sugar
4 Festive Hot Drinks for Winter
Omelette with smoked salmon, dill, and caviar
One-Skillet Paprika Chicken Thighs &amp; Pepper Rice
This community requires "" in post titles
Pozole de pata
Chinese Vegetable Soup (non vegetarian)
Takeout Dim Sum
Korean style fried chicken and loaded fries topped with Korean spicy pork.
afternoon breakfast crepes
Egg and Cheese Sandwich Avocado Toast Zero Carb Bread
Bacon, spinach and root vegetable cups.
Asada Tacos
Brown bottom style - baked pizza with extra sauce and crispy pepperoni. CA.
cured and smoked bacon, eggs, hashbrowns.
Teriyaki Chicken Bowl with Sake (Please excuse the seasme seed mess)
Burrito
Lemon butter shrimp pasta
Vietnamese Sausage Factory!!! How the Sausage is REALLY Made!
soft tofu kimchi stew
Salmon fillet, rice with avocado-mango salsa, green beans, and pan-fried tofu.
Fluffernutter Macarons
WATCH: Uber driver catches wife cheating – TikTok surfaces viral video! - HITC - Football, Gaming, Movies, TV, Music
BBQ Chicken Pizza (w/ the Neapolitan Dough)
😉Southern baked Macaroni and Cheese along with some homemade apple cinnamon stuffing. Yum 😋😘
Smoked McRib
braised short ribs
Raspberry mille-feuille
Green Mung Bean cake.
chicken tahari
Tin Can Nachos
Leftover Thanksgiving Lentil Loaf, foraged mushrooms, mixed Vegetables pot pie in homemade crust.
Beef and Broccoli over Rice
When the shop says you are allowed one free pepper.
Butternut Squash and Caramelized Onion Tart
Baked Fish Masala
Chicken karhai
Papaya Barfi
My shrimp pasta 🍝🍤
brownies for mom and me. White chocolate chips on half are for me. Plain for my mom.
- Indian Punjabi Tadke (tempered with Butter and some other flavours) wali Maggi
My moms Christmas presentation.
Everything Bagel Ice Cream
Burrata with roasted tomatoes, salami, and fried garlic, drizzled with a hot lemon-rosemary-garlic-infused EVOO
chuck roast tacos with the works.
Strawberry Rhubarb Tart
sesame seeds brittle!
Blueberry muffins with homegrown blueberries
Pan Fried, Crispy Smelt with Chipotle Mayo
Vietnamese Banh Xeo
Chilli Cheese Fries
Thai Basil Stir Fry
Salted Caramel Apple Hand Pies
Groom's reaction as he unveils his bride
Marinated Salmon Poke
Mozzarella stick penne alla vodka pizza
Prawn Laksa with Tofu Puffs and Red Chilli Sauce
1/2lb cheeseburgers with imaginary fries
the best Burger! #CraveIsrael
Egg n’ Cheese Bagel Sandwich (with onions, red pepper, serrano pepper, ham, and pepperoni)
Daikon Radish Oden with Porcini gravy
Pasta al Pomodoro
Spaghetti bolognese
Grape-leaves rolls (Dolma) stuffed with ground turkey, chopped kale, parsley and cilantro
Argentinian Style Pizza
Gnocchi with sweet potato sauce
Smoked, dry aged, bone in standing rib roast for Christmas Eve.
Crab Rangoon
Omelette: Sautéed Mushrooms, Baby Swiss and Sharp Cheddar
Chirashi Bowl
Buffalo chicken meatballs and sautéed spinach over bleu cheese polenta
semolina pudding with stewed apples on top
Ramen Noodles with Lamb Steak
Pesto pizza frumpets (french toast crumpets)
creamy tomato, basil Bucatini with meatbal, roasted pine nuts and sun dried tomato.
Beans salad
Cabbage Rice
triple berry pies
Soft Grey Buttercream Macarons
Rrrrrustic loaf. 3rd attempt. The butter just collapsed when it hit the hot surface of a freshly cut slice
The “50-ways-to-leave-your-guava” burger
Taco casserole  Food photography, stylist, and recipe developer - The jamlab. #food_photographer #Food_Stylist #recipes #baked_food #foodies
Korean Fried Chicken and Coleslaw with Japanese Mayonnaise
shepherd’s pie
bacon and egg sandwich
oven roasted broccoli
Fried Halibut Tacos with Chipotle Crema, on Heirloom Corn Tortillas.
Thick crust pizza.
Simple. Scallops, Fresh Corn, Mashed Taters (precious), and Seafood Gravy.
Poké bowls
seasonal dessert: peppermint skillet pie.
Christmas log
Quick carbonara
some delicious Christmas themed hot coco
carrot cake with white chocolate cream cheese frosting &amp; pistachios
malay seafood noodles
Chicken Biscuit
Crab with Scallions and Ginger
Eclair with creme filling on mango sorbet
Hawaiian Pita Pizza
Chicken Bacon Avocado Panini
pumpkin cream cheese roll
a wood splinter in my Strub's Wine Sauerkraut.
Just cooling off my belly
Deviled eggs Siracha+bacon
Hot pot
Shrimp ramen with shrimp dumplings and ramen egg
Pasteis de Nata (Portuguese Egg custard)
My Food machine my channel YouTube
Chicken &amp; Jalapeno Enchiladas
Slow cooker 15 bean soup with ham and cornbread.
Khow Suey
cheese rice different consistency, and texture. :)
Charcuterie board
Spinach Salad with Roasted Golden Beets, Strawberries, Goat Cheese, Balsamic Vinaigrette &amp; Baguette Croutons
Spicy Ketchup
North Indian chicken curry with naan and cilantro mint chutnney
Berry Brioche French Toast Bread Puddin
Chongqing Chicken with Chilies aka 辣子鸡
What's the difference
Fusilli Linghi con Salsa di Ponmodoto, Funghi e Salsiccia (Long Fusilli with Tomato, Mushroom and Sausage Sauce)
an omelet with shrimp, bacon, avocado and provolone cheese. My Sunday ritual.
spring rolls &amp; Nuoc Cham
Boston Cream Pie
Scalloped root veggies
Meyer Lemon-poached Lobster Salad
Snow fungus dessert soup.
Hummingbird cake
Charcuterie boards
26 oz tomahawk steak
Spicy Chicken and Waffles with Mimosas
Just found out about the wonderful stuff that is shirataki noodles. Can have a big bowl of veggie ramen without throwing blood sugars for a loop.
Cinnamon/Sugar churro and galaxy inspired pumpkin pie
Chicken burgers, with a waffle, it works.
I made steak, stuffed mushrooms, and peas and carrots
Deep Fried Tofu (Agedashi)
Minneapolis teen opens up about her viral George Floyd video, criticizes Derek Chauvin - Minneapolis Star Tribune
4 cheese Mac and cheese, topped with fried chicken, hot sauce I made with our house beer, and ranch. Cheese is smoked Gouda, cheddar, parmesan, and mozzarella. Wyd after you eat this?
Creme Brûlée and coffee
Milk Pudding (Muhalbia)
Sourdough Sesame Bagels
Treat Yo Self with some berry berry pie pie! Blueberry, blackberry, &amp; ginger pie w/ a lattice top.
Beef Brisket - Sous Vide for 48hrs then smoked for 3.5
Thanksgiving Leftover Chimichangas
Smashed Spuds
Impromptu Cheeseboard
Beef Short Ribs Braised w/ Kimchi
4 cheese pasta with bacon, chicken, and veggies.
masala fish. Goa, India
, Why Pakistanis love Chicken Karahi? The Facts seem right to me...
In honor of Thanksgiving, here is a harmless and funny video I found of people gobbling like a turkey lol. NO TURKEYS WERE HURT IN THE VIDEO
Cinnamon-Chocolate Brioche Feuilletee.
Layers of the cake I'm currently making for my birthday.
Vegetable and Herb Focaccia
Masala Dosa today.
Spaghetti in white sauce with mushrooms and spinach
Cantonese-style Siu Yuk! Or crispy-skinned pork belly
Ramen but with rice
Turkey and Stuffing Dumplings - Resourcing Thanksgiving leftovers in a creative way. 🤘
Cheeseburger, with sautéd onions, tomatoes, lettuce, and special sauce on a brioche bun
My second attempt at Eggs Benedict
Short Ribs, Asparagus and Mashed Potatoes
Cottage Cheese grilled
Pork and Ramen
NYE Gumbo
Grilled chicken
Veg Enchiladas
Cherry smoked dry rub salmon with grilled leeks.
Tom Brady, Rob Gronkowski recreate viral video after reaching Super Bowl 2021 - New York Post
Asian Pan Momos
Japanese style cheesecake with ice cream and chocolate covered strawberries.
Carbonara
Cochinita Pibil Hot Pocket with Radishes and Cilantro
Spaghetti and meatballs with some garlic bread
Bagel and lox
Salmon Sushi
Pumpkin ravioli tossed in a roasted plum tomato and butter sauce on a bed of spinach and bok choy
Eggs over easy with homemade brie and toasted bread topped with fig jam.
oatmeal pancake short stack
onigiri with creamcheese-cucumber filling
Arincini
SoCal inspired smashburger
Easy Sriracha Noodles Wok - 30 seconds! - video
BLT sandwich
Home made pokebowl with ginger and seasamoil marinaded salmon.
Buffalo Cauliflower
lamb shanks - persian style!
Greek Yogurt Parfait
Caramel Mocha Flapjack
Sri Lankan Lunch Rice Plate.
Donairs!
Fancy Mississippi mud pie
Beef bourguignon over garlic mash
Chocolate and vanilla marble cheesecake.
| Ban...
Skillet Chocolate Chip Candy Bar Cookie Recipe!
sou vide NY Strip
Pizza “” with tag on its side
sheet pan chicken
Variety of Fried Wontons
Ribeye with sweet potato and broccoli
I picked cut and ate a Starfruit Dragon
Epic Omelette
Medium Rare New York Steak
Pizza... Yummy
seared ahi tuna
Sunday evening family meal, feta and cheddar pissaladiere (French Riviera onion tart)
Ham and cheese omelette with salsa and sour cream
Chicken BBQ Pizza with Creamy garlic parm base, minced garlic, mozzarella, bacon, red onions, diced tomatoes, and green onions
Brisket Chili with chocolate and Guinness
3 Foot Long Pide (Spicy Turkish Awesomeness) - My Man vs Food Moment
Taiwanese beef noodle soup
Shrimp Risotto
Butter Rolls
Sugar/Chocolate Chip Cookie Sandwich
Caramel and nuts
Chive and cheddar stuffed everything pretzels
Son has seafood allergy. Gone for weekend. Night 3.  Gulf shrimp and muscles in garlic white wine sauce.
Chilli Beef Rice Bowl
Potato Okra Stir Fry
Kale and broccolini with roasted sweet potatoes.
Navratri Thali Recipe | #Shorts
classic cheeseburger
Cactus, Chicken, Potatoes and Spinach!
Japchae + Dakgalbi.
Fu Qi Fei Pian with homemade chilli oil
Steak &amp; egg hash with bacon
'" Mutton curry recipe
bbq chicken pizza, glazed carrots, steamed broccoli and an IPA
Blackberry &amp; Blueberry Waffles
prime rib, mashed potatoes, Brussels sprouts, duckfat Yorkshire pudding and horseradish sauce
Buttermilk Fried Chicken with Mashed Potatoes, Collard Greens and Biscuit
Apple vinegar marinated pork steak burger with sweet bun, cheddar cheese, green onions and ketchup
Steak Delmonico, Roasted Bone Marrow Butter and Sea Salt Blistered Cherry Tomatoes
Fluffy pancakes
I tried
Thrimp
Pumpkin and flower cupcakes
Vegetarian ramen.
Haggis, neeps &amp; tatties pasties
Carrot cake!
“Moroccan” Pasta
Caramel pumpkin cheesecake topped with maple pecans
I ate Burrata on a baguette with some Hot mix.
Just Made a Smoked Brisket!
Salted Caramel Chocolate Chip Cheescake
Scallops with bacon onion jam on top of butternut squash and goat cheese purée.
Matcha pancakes with honey and chocolate syrup
Vegetable curry with Cauliflower “rice”
Shrimp Rose Pasta
le nid d'oiseau (or French Birds Nest)
Ham &amp; chorizo sandwich with mozzarella, lettuce, cucumber, pickles and honey mustard sauce
Spinach pies
Nut Bars
shortcrust tartlets with white chocolate cream and fruits
puff pastry topped chicken pot pie
Chickpea 'baked Beans' w/ Crispy Chorizo Bits
Arnaki me Patates and celery leaf salad. Assorted baklava from local market.
Gnocchi with spinach pesto and mushrooms
RIG-1-like receptors may play dominant role in suppressing SARS-CoV-2 infection - News-Medical.Net
Cocoa and Cinnamon Swirl Loaf
Cream Kunafa
Hawaiian short ribs, mac salad, and garlic rice.
cannolis for breakfast
Difference between healthy Food and Unhealthy Food
Smoked Brisket
Pizza Rolls
Rum Fruit Cake with Spiced Rum Sauce.
Challah French toast.
loaded pizza soft pretzel
Matcha Red Bean Vertical Cake
Chicken parm with fettuccine alfredo
a Chicken shawarma plate
Fried rice
Fried Chicken Sandwich with Bacon, Avocado, Spring Mix, and Tomato
8 lbs of reverse seared filet mignon
Chicken Envuelto Casserole
Carne asada tacos!
bacon, egg and cheese with hashbrown on everything bagel
Pizza with self-made pizza dough
wild tiger prawn omelette
Cantonese sweet and sour pork
rotisserie chicken seasoned with garlic, smoked paprika and herbs de provence. I'll never buy a store-made rotisserie chicken again.
Summer Squash Quiche
Smoked Pizookie
Spicy Tuna Tower and Sunomono Salad with Baked Wontons
honey prawns
Soft Chapatis
Pumpkin gnocchi with shrimps
Puppychow is so good 🤩
Roasted chicken with romesco sauce, corn and leeks!
Traditional Maharashtrian food served on a Banana leaf
Short Ribs &amp; French Onion Soup
Paella
Oatmeal with seasonal fruits and filter coffee
Mango cake
Chocolate &amp; Sparkling Sugar Pudding French Toast
Philly Cheesesteak Pizza
Leg of Lamb Steaks with Dill Carrots and Roasted Brussels Sprouts.
baklava cheesecake
calamari.
Salted fudge walnut brownies
Roasted Corn
I made Jamie Oliver’s Insanity Burger
Fish and Chips with mushy peas
plantains with sausage, eggs, and Fromager d’affinois
figs, goat cheese, balsamic, basil
Kimchi
Cheeseburger Pasta
Shrimp and rice with corn on the cob
Japanese style curry over rice
TikTok Users Are Burning Snowballs in Viral Videos to 'Prove' the Snow is Fake - Gizmodo
Banana cake and strawberry jam
My mom's Christmas Eve spread
Chestnut season! BF thinks they taste like lobster... what do they taste like to you? 🤓
Used what I had in the house and threw together these burritos.
pineapple cakes?
Thánh Nấu Ăn - Làm SALAD từ quái vật SIREN HEAD-Crazy Chef ASMR Stop Mot...
burrito chicken delicious dinner..!
MoonDrop Grapes!
Air Fried Korean Chicken Sandwich
‘ Loaded Mashed Potato Meatloaf Casserole Portion
Ribeye with garlic risotto and green beans .
Avocado toast with white truffle oil, caviar, and 24-karat Gold leaf
lobster tails for Xmas
REPOST: sweet potato and bacon agnolotti with a sage cream sauce
Veal tenderloin with sautéed vegetables and baked potatoes
CHICKEN THALI
Bread with chimichurri compound butter.
Eidar Cheese and Snowberry Tartlets, Roast Beef with Dragons Tongue stems and carrots, baked potatoes, garlic bread and grilled leeks
Schwarma roasted chicken pot pie with bone broth, celery, carrot and mushroom with homemade crust
Herbed Turkey and Swiss Melt
Want to impress kids? Stack slices of pizza into pizzagna (aka pizza cake) bone apple tea!
Char Kway Teow with 'Chili Boh'
Eggs Benedict with Crispy Pancetta
Baked chicken thighs in a white wine-lemon pan sauce w/ herbed rice &amp; zucchini &amp; yellow squash steamed with thyme
a good lunch
chocolate pecan pie
Cast Iron Skillet Pizza. Mozzarella, Spinach, Mushroom, Capicola, Prosciutto, Salami, Onion
Rainbow Jello
BBQ tempeh ribs and Memphis coleslaw
Best Vanilla Cream Donuts French Style
Scallop and strawberry ceviche with deep fried wonton chips
a "monster burger"
Jalapeño sausage tacos with tots and white queso
Mac’n’Cheese with Bacon and Parm panko crumb.
Just another desert recipe
New York style pizza with caramelized bell peppers and homemade mozzarella
NY strip, asparagus, and garlic lemon butter shrimp over saffron risotto.
runny sunny side up eggs
Originally a simple chicken and veg teriyaki stir fry then thought it would be fun to add an omelette
Low carb philly cheese steak
Applewood smoked bacon burger with honey aioli, brie cheese, and grilled thick cut apple slice.
Chicken SAMOSA with  Samosa Patti
Cast iron skillet pepperoni pizza
Hеаlthу Snасkѕ Recipes fоr Gооd Well being The Hеаlthу Snacks recipes fоr the gооd hеаlth are what everybody everywhere in the world nееdеd, and it's for each сhіldrеn аnd аdultѕ, each want it аѕ properly.
Sous vide “poached” egg, yellow potatoes, turkey bacon, spinach, onion, garlic
Coquito
Sizzling fajitas
Original Pasta Carbonara
Confetti Cream Cheese Muffin Tops
chocolate cookies with peanut butter icing
Warm Corn Pudding with Homemade Sweet Corn Ice Cream
Chicken soup. Noodles to be added.
- Argentinian Food
Scrambled eggs
Chicken potato tacos and potato potato tacos
Primavera fusilli bucati corti
HongShao Rou (Chinese Red Braised Pork Belly) help me a win a contest friends!
Tacos Birria
'shakshuka' Eggs cooked in spicy tomato sauce
Parrrty horahi hai: Celebrities recreate viral video of teenage influencer - Geo News
strawberry cake with Crisco Vanilla icing
Khandvi
My best lattice  cherry pie yet!
Meatball sliders &amp; meatballs on garlic bread chaffles
Deer clay pot with red cabbage and self made egg linguine
Fancied up Kraft Dinner Featuring Wagyu Beef and a Cheez-It Topping
Spaghetti Carbonara with a pinch of cinnamon and garlic.
Donuts.
Acorn squash stuffed ground sage chicken
Rich and Flaky Buttermilk Biscuits.
Crème brûlée in Paris
Scrambled Egg Breakfast Sandwich With Parma Ham, Mushroom, Brie, and Thyme
Smoked rack of lamb with roasted broccoli
chicken macaroni soup
Chicken Face Chicken
Duck Egg Omelette with Mozzarella Cheese and Chives
My bourguignon
Smoked Ahi Salad
carrot cake with cream cheese frosting a buttercream piped plants
Cranberry Brie bites with crumbled pecans
"The Secret History" Omlete (seasonal fresh herbs, tomatoes, shallots, &amp; swiss) with Sweet Potato Hash and Wheat Toast
venison loin with a blueberry Syrah reduction-sweetened with local honey
experimental chocolate brownies with hazelnut flour, frangelico, coffee liqueur, and dried cherries
Sourdough pancakes
Red Pork Tamales
crossiant breakfast sandwich
baked sesame tofu with edamame rice and crispy kale
Chocolate cake with dog lol
Black Pepper Cathead Biscuit with Fried Chicken, Sausage Gravy, and Cheddar with a side of Cheddar Grits
Octopus with spinach and pearl barley
sandwich cake (smörgåstårta) made with American flavors, covered in doritos
Dol Sot Bibimbap
white spelt sourdough with milled black sesame seedsSix victims identified after deadly nitrogen leak at Georgia food processing plant - NBC News
Bloody sausage, sauerkraut, turnip puree, peas, gammon, pulled pork/beef, pumpkin salad, roasted turnips, carrots and potatoes.
Fried chicken with cornbread waffles
Cheesy gochujang noodles and rice cakes with spinach and eggs.
- Shakshuka
Wonderful ways and ideas to decorate cake and pastries with chocolate. ""
Barbecue Ribs
Please subscribe to my channel "
Potato Egg Curry
Bulgogi Short-ribs
Lithuanian Pork with Mushroom Sauce, Fries and Salad
Crispy pork and cabbage dumplings
Pie crust stuffed with leftover turkey, cranberry sauce, &amp; stuffing topped with crispy Turkey skin with a side of extra crust
Chili saute with green onions and Maggi, can be eaten with anything
canelé de bordeaux
Oreo Biscuit vanilla Milkshake
French toast &amp; sausage
https://ift.tt/2YrQsCo
Peanut and Egg Salad
NY-style Bacon Egg + Cheese
Chicken Parmesan and Garlic Lemon Asparagus
Slow Smoked Pork Spare Ribs
Funny Austrian guy
Swedish meatballs with egg noodles
Ginger cookies when you dont have gingerbread man cookie cutters lol
Breakfast Tacos
Pasta with eggs and capsicum
Ground Beef and turkey meatballs
Italian deli sandwich
Veggie ramen
NY Style Bagels w/ a tree of bacon!
Maine Potato Donuts
Couple of good pieces of beef with some garlic herb butter, salt, and pepper. Plain and simple!
This is really simple but I Carved a pumpkin and baked the seeds in salt. I think its a pretty good Fall snack.
White Pizza
Peanut butter chicken salad
prosciutto and olive pizza
Steak &amp; Provolone sandwich
Mini Veggie Frittata in a Ramekin for Breakfast
Steak sandwich with french onion soup
Chicken salad wrap
Chocolate Chip Toffee Crunch Bars
Cookie chocolate decoration on baking trays | FoodJet
Dodger Stadium vaccination site shut down amid protest - Los Angeles Times
Budaejjigae and Donkasu!
Steak and Scrambled Eggs with Coffee. Perfect start to Thanksgiving.
Cheese pizza
Shrimp Tacos with Black Beans and Fresh Chopped Pico
Grilled Veal with seaweed and red pepper mayonnaise emulsion.
Leveled Up Instant Ramen
Classic BBQ Pulled Pork Sammich.
I baked banana bread for my cake day!
(I Made and Ate) Japanese Chicken Katsu Curry
Perfect Keto Chai
Pro/Chef Stuffed Cabbage Soup just in 30 minutes
How to Cook Healthy Chicken Adobo BBQ | Grilled Chicken Recipe
French bread and roasted tomato soup
Clotted Cream, Rhubarb, Mint &amp; Pistachio
Biscuits and gravy with bacon, dry eggs and hash browns
Saffron Risotto with butter-fried sage
Spaghetti al Limone with grated Parmigiano-Reggiano on top
Safayeh
roasted fruit course
Burger w/ smoked white cheddar, mushroom duxelles, bacon, sun dried tomato, on brioche
A filet mignon I made the other night
Chinese stuffed buns
Baked Easy Puff Pastry Pizza Twists
Dandan noodles
banana oatmeal smoothie
Hawaiian Breakfast with Lop Cheung Fried Rice and Hawaiian Smoked Sausage
Mussels and Scallops Spaghetti with Mother*$@?ing Parsley!
Grillrd Salmon and Grouper
22+ Healthy Breakfast Ideas to Start Each Day Right
Sandwich bread
attempt at Chicken Tenders with a zesty sauce
Pumpkin Spice Pancakes
a lobster roll with correct amount of dressing on
-Schnitzel &amp; Bratwurst w/ roasted potatoes.
Coconut Shrimp &amp; Hushpuppies
- Hatch Chili Hot Sauce - My First Batch if Fermented Hot Sauce
Meatball Stroganoff!
Pork Belly Bao
Gutti Vankaya Masala Biryani Recipe in Telugu గుత్తి వంకాయ మసాలా బిర్యానీ
Moussaka  potatoes, eggplant, zucchini, lamb and betchamel sauce.
Lobster fries
chocolate chip cookie. Sea salt.
Homegrown McD’s
Food Allergies aren't popular for cooking competitions!
Guac With Gin And Tonics
Spanish inspired feast of mushroom &amp; gruyere croquettes, patatas bravas, king prawns, ratatouille
Fruit tarts
shoyo Ramen with homemade noodles
Moroccan inspired peanut and sweet potato stew.
Kashmiri Pink Chai
I don’t like cake so I made myself Birthday Banana Pudding
Deep-Dish Pizza w/ Spicy Italian Sausage, Mushroom, Red Onion &amp; 5 Cheeses
Veggie Fried Rice with Meatballs &amp; Gravy
Canli Maçlari Kesintisiz İzleyin (FACE)
Mini raspberry cheesecakes
How to make"" Christmas Cake DIY recipes
apple cider doughnuts
Matcha soft serve
Bacon wrapped pork loin stuffed with spinach and cheese with a side of cauliflower rice
Slow cooked Beef Ramen
and home grown Pepper Vinegar
Aunt Jemima without Aunt Jemima.
LEGO BREAKFAST in Real Life: Cùng Làm Bữa Sáng với Thánh Nấu Ăn - Funny ...
Braided Nutella buns | recipe
healthy food 😋
Chorizo and Mushroom Pizza

Pesto Garlic Aioli Bacon Pizza &amp; Mozza Sticks
Cast iron flank steak, roasted corn salsa, homemade guac
Meat Beef
Chicken-pot-quiche
Pincher Crab with Tamarind sauce
Egyptian dessert , I made an Egyptian desserts and  it , go checkout the recipe :)))) and tell me ur opinion and try it :) , Recipe in comments :)
Pecan Nut Pie
Greek meat and potato pie, chicken angel hair rice pilaf, chicken and beef kabobs, grilled peppers, tomato cucumber salad, skordalia, tzatziki and pita
Applewood Smoked food
the best flavor of instant ramen.
Bao Bun
Penne pasta bake, with fresh garlic cheese bread
Butternut squash soup
Just made these crab quesadillas 💖
Cheesey rotisserie chicken and rice bake with roasted veggies and scotch bonnet powder
Pasta marinera con almejas
Apple Roses!
hoagies
Oven fried sweet and sour chicken with homemade pickled carrot and radish.
A Club Sandwich.
Bibimbap!
Traditional Roasted Goose with Red Cabbage, Bread Dumpling, Roasted Apple and Lingonberry Jam
Noodles for the New Year.
Pecan Shortbread Cookies (Pecan Sandies)
Jersey Burger
turkey charcuterie board, credit to my creative mother in law
Pull Apart Orange and Pistachio Bread
cheesecake with fresh whipped cream and berries
Stuffed Yellowtail, ready for the barbecue
Champaign brunch
Korean bean sprout bulgogi! Perfect to eat with some rice
, Mahi mahi quenelle (dumpling) garlic fish fumet veloute, easy recipe .
Rice and raisins with carrot
Fried halloumi on roasted ciabatta with tomatoes, basil and balsamic vinaigrette
Doughnuts filled with eggnog custard
Pretzel Hotdogs.
Salmon Aburi
Mantı
Miso Peanutbutter Ramen
japanese autumn kaiseki
Not particularly pretty—still trying to figure out the wonton to filling to cooking ratio: but I made crab Rangoon
Butter chicken and  naan
Irish Cream filled chocolates
Apple Dumplings with Salted Caramel Sauce and vanilla ice cream
Spaghetti and meatballs
black eyed peas, collard greens, skillet cornbread
Everything Bagel
pain au chocolat and a buttery croissant
Black bean Ramen with glazed pork belly!
Stuffed Crust Meat Lover's Pizza
Sourdough Yogurt Tortillas
Lego SIREN HEAD, but he becomes SALAD Ingredient - ASMR Stop Motion/Horr...
30minute easy ramen!
Guinness beef stew with cheddar herb dumplings
The last bit of sushi I can enjoy before lockdown. Rainbow Roll, Cheese Prosciutto Roll and Spicy Shrimp Avocado Roll. Thank you sushi chefs for getting me through these through times!
Basic fettuccine Alfredo
4 course Christmas dinner. Salmon &amp; shrimp bonbon/ Celeriac Soup/ Beef Wellington/ creme brulee.
Fried chicken strips
Ramen
french toast anyone?
Pan Roasted American Lamb with Garlic Polenta, Demi-Glace, and Asparagus
Smoked Duck Cassoulet
Vegan fried Mac n “Cheese” squares with some leftover pasta
strawberry sponge cake.
rice with milk
GetPaidTo is it LEGIT or a SCAM?
Korean Dinner of Beef Short Ribs and Sides
Lamb chops!
Caramel Apple Pie: Not as good as u/Amyfry80 but I tried.
Carne Asada &amp; Elote salad with hasselback Sweet Potato
CUSTARD SEVIYAN TRIFLE DESSERT. https://www.hyderabadik.com/custard-seviyan-trifle-dessert/
Chicken Pizza
Breakfast sandwich with a strawberry smoothie, the quarantine ain’t got shit to do morning ritual
Veal Chop
Toad in the hole
Belarusian Dressed Herring
Chicken Tikka Rice
Lemon Bars made girl waste eggs cause it tastes like shit
White Chocolate Cream Cheese Stuffed French Toast with Honey
https://ift.tt/3oXI1KU
chocolate croissants
Surf N' Turf
Cajun
Hope you're Hungary, as we approach the most Goulash season...
Chocolate and Guinness cakes, with baileys Irish cream filling and chocolate ganache.
Reverse Seared/Smoked Ribeye Steak
A farmers burger i made. 20 cm in diameter. ""
Sumac dry brine roasted turkey
Appraisal Hoga Kya: Viral Video Hilariously Sums Up How Employees Perform in March | Watch - India.com
Shrimps , Scallops , and Spinach creamy pasta.
roasted carrots.
Chicken-taco salad
Tenderloin Stuffed Yorkshire Pudding with Red Wine Reduction Jus.
Barbecue meatball sub
Incredible Stir Fry Pork Recipe-Stir Fry Pork With Peppers Hot Recipe
fondant free Chocolate Fudge Cake made to look like Brisket, baked beans and coleslaw.
Chuck roast, baked sweet potato, Brussels sprouts
pho with salad rolls
"Seasoned Rubbed" Lemon Roasted Chicken.
Dehydrated Apples, Bananas, Blueberries and Strawberries
Okinawan Taco Rice in Korea
Celebrating October with some fried cheese curds
Pumpkin soup, Quinoa Burgers, Prune &amp; Bacon stuffed Porkchop, Mixed Salad with Ranch, Entrees, Baked Potatoes, Sweet Potatoes and Apples, Chocolate covered Cone christmas trees, Marshmallow and chocolate pie, Marshmallow Snowmen, Coconut &amp; Butter Snowmen.
CỰC DỊ: Ăn BÁNH BƠ-GƠ làm từ LEN - Kluna Tik eating Style ASMR/Mukbang s...
Chocolate Chip Pumpkin Pecan Cookies
Smoked Pork Shoulder, fresh dill, jalapeños, and provolone on ciabatta
Brown Sugar Cinnamon Bread
Bacon, Egg and Cheese Burger, with fries
Standing rib roast / Prime rib
Phuket beach side vendors . Lovely
Pesto Pasta
Burst Fresh Garden Cherry Tomato Sauce &amp; Basil Spaghetti
Crispy chicken
Broccoli, sun-dried tomatoes, garlic, toasted pine nuts, and loose clam meat, over sweet potato glass noodles with a bit of Parmesan
Chocolate Chip Cookie
Whole roasted garlic with olive oil in a metal pan
- Food you made. This includes food made using pre-made ingredients.
Butternut Squash soup with grilled cheese sandwich topped with Hatch green chili.
Mango Ice Cream 3 ingredients No Machine
Bacon and herb sourdough bread.
3 egg cheese omelette and cheesy roasted potatoes
King Arthur Pumpkin Pie and my own recipe Cheesecake
Oats Fudge Brownies
Street tacos on a Colorado River trip down the Grand Canyon.
Filet mignon, grilled shrimp, mashed potatoes and asparagus.
Tonite’s dinner-lobster cake sandwiches Bacon, scallone, shrimp meat, cooked prawns, crabmeat, lobster meat, escabeche, flat leaf, green onion, roasted bell peppers, creme fraiche, bacon aioli, old bay, and bread crumbs on a toasted greatful bread roll and a little ancho pepper jam!!
Libyan Shakshouka
I made beef barbacoa, Mexican street corn, guacamole, and prickly pear margaritas! This might be the best thing I've ever cooked, it was delicious!
Chocolate cupcakes with raspberry filling and chocolate mousse frosting.
i eat local for one week, and this is what i ate....
Very rare steak and rice
Ree Drummond's Jalapeño Cheddar Cheese Mini Scones. I tweaked the recipe by adding extra cheese, dicing the jalapeño, and adding crumbled thick-cut bacon.
Double Smashburger
Italian combo
Crab Rangoon Pizza
, Green Coconut Pudding
Bacon day scallion pancakes
Prawn, Sundried Tomato and Ricotta pizza
Roast Chicken and Vegi
Hot Cocoa
Cauliflower pasta
Schaschlik
Stuffed Pepper
Millionaire’s Shortbread
Breakfast wellington (turkey sausage, applewood Bacon, truffle duxelle, green chili crepe and wrapped in biscuit dough) follow my instagram @The_Proper_Palate
omelette and yam wedges
Nashville Hot on an everything bun
Cheesy Veg Sandwich
Slice of BBQ Chicken, Crab Pizza, Half Anchovy Pizza
Steak and rice bowl
Crumpet Eggs Benedict
prosciutto, pesto, &amp; eggs on homemade sourdough bread
DIY Cannoli
Fresh pasta cut by hand and a 4 hour ragu
Gluten Free Cookie Cheesecake
No-bake blueberry cheesecake
Salmon Belly Nigiri, Avocado Roll &amp; Spicy Poke
This a a  cake I created for a going away...
Mileram cake
These  spices are very beneficial for health
Grilled Salmon, Twice baked potato, steamed veggies
Shin black ramen with soft boiled egg , jalapeno, mushrooms green onions, bourban black pepper top sirloin and air fried crab Rangoons topped with scotch bonnet powder
impromptu ramen with char siu pork belly
Surf and Turf
Beef Wellington. One of the best dinners ever!
Two Chocolate Tortes with whip cream and raspberry sauce.
pancakes and crepes tower
Fried Chicken Sandwich
Haitian Soup Joumou (aka Haitian Pumpkin Soup)
Traditional Bangali Food
Broccoli Cheese and Bacon Soup in a bakery bought sourdough bread bowl
Pan de trigo
Chicken and chorizo gumbo
White dots in my canned sardines I just opened in olive oil. Is this mold? Or salt? When I touch it it turns gooey they aren’t solid. Would it be ok if  this?
Shakkarpara Recipe in Hindi
a fun breakfast with my nephew this morning :)
Meatfeast 3 cheese pizza
Meyer Lemon Bundt Cake
“Hot Tiger Bun” Sichuan Peppercorn Spicy Fried Chicken Sandwich with Buttermilk Ranch, Pickles, and Chinese Yellow Mustard
Im immature af and made sex toy biscuits - nsfw?
Mac &amp; Cheese (White Cheddar)
Penne alla vodka
Brownie Bites
Spinach, cheddar, bacon and tomato quiche
Linguine and Clams
Double Burger Patty w/Caramelized Onions
chicken Mac and cheese
French dip with caramelized onions, peppers, and provolone
Sunday Afternoon Nachos
Buzzard Bites, Crab Cakes, Steamed Mussels from the WoW cookbook.
mini pecan pies
Roasted Turkey Stuffing with Gravy, Chili Garlic Shrimp, Mashed Potatoes, Cranberry Sauce, Grilled Asparagus with Cherry Tomatoes, Braised Brussel Sprouts and Tenderloin Steak.
Samosas
Tuna melt on fresh white bread
Carmelina Chickpea Avocado Toast with Roasted Cherry Tomatoes &amp; Feta Cheese
Beans with smoked sausage and veggies
"" Chole Chicken ( Chick Pea Chicken )
BBQ Pork Baby Back Ribs
Malaysian Chicken rice(Food review)Must try!!!!
Deconstructed Supreme Portobello Mushroom Pizza
Gourmet
Lobster Tail with Crab Meat Stuffing
includes; chicken, potatoes, green been casserole, salad, corn, gravy, rolls, and charcuterie board
I don't know what kind of sushi. (i'm 13 don't judge)
Birria beef ramen with guahilo and arbol chilli oil.
Chicken Tikka Masala with rice!
Steak &amp; Sweetcorn
All the good eats on Jeju Island, South Korea
16 Hour Dry Brined Fried Chicken
why is this rated only 3 stars
Hungarian Hot Wax Peppers stuffed with Hot Sausage, Onions, Garlic, Sauce and Mozzarella cheese then baked for 20 mins.
The hinterland of Kobe Beef- Japan,arguably the only place where you can find authentic Wagyu beef.
Panna Cotta from wild berries!
Crispy Coffee Duck, Mushroom Risotto, Crispy Onions, Wild Rocket, and a Coffee and Blackberry Sauce.
Chili beef lettuce wraps - Simple, inexpensive, and great for sharing!
hokkaido pumpkin soup in the making.
slow cooked chicken tikka masala
Chocolate Chip Waffles with Strawberries and Cream
winter warming sausages, mash and thick onion gravy
Charcuterie with a baked puff pastry brie wheel with raspberry red pepper jam.
Scallop carpaccio with tomatoes and capers
Swedish limpa with raisins
Mediterranean lunch
chicken and sausage gumbo over white rice, perfect for a wet &amp; cold weekend.
Steak &amp; Cheese with sautéed onions
NY strip, roasted brussel sprouts, mashed potatoes, &amp; pan sauce with veal demi.
Tonkotsu Chashu Pork Ramen
EDIBLE Play-Doh Food: Kluna Tik comiendo Comida Rápida - Sonidos ASMR Mu...
Xiao Long Bao
AUTHENTIC Italian Lasagna. Why do we believe in food myths?
salted rosemary sourdough boule
Larb with crispy onions, various pickles and a scallion crepe!
Veal fillet and cheek with potatoes, Sauerkraut and mustard gravy
Apple, blueberry, cherry pie
Hummus (with interested doggo in background)
Wooboi “Code Red” Chicken Sandwich.
Mexican Chocolate Icebox Cookies
Halloween spread
Chicken wings 4-ways
Chocolate raspberry lava cake
Pizookie😍
Chop, potato, &amp; squash.
Girl Scout Cookies shipped to home! They have a gluten free cookie!
Some super bomb Eggs Benedict.
Bream and Ratatouille
black food dyed image with a sprinkle of salted truth.
Lamb in a rosemary &amp; red wine sauce!
Tomato Focaccia
Smoked brisket in a brioche bun
Eggplant Parmesan and Caesar Salad
Poached eggs on toast
tonkotsu ramen for NYE
Pork Sausage Rigatoni
Ham and cheese omelette
breakfast tacos
Macaroni &amp; Cheese
Crusted Salmon, w/ side of Potato Gratin + sauteed Leeks, Broccoli, and Mushroom
hot dogs and crispy onions
Italian roast over polenta
cream soup with lobster
banoffe pie!
Cooking On The Open Fire  Sausages
Gỏi Cuốn (Vietnamese Rice Paper Rolls)
strawberry coffee cake
Focaccia close-up.
fettuccini Alfredo and garlic bread
Juicy BBQ Pork With Grilled Chicken Wings MUKBANG
Upside-Down White Castle Style Burger with Horseradish Sauce.
Rose Cake
Irish whiskey brisket
turkey dinner
Chimichangas and homemade guacamole
Egg Bread
Fried Pastry with Savoury Fillings.
steak dinner
My birthday burger.
Pork dumplings
Hоw tо Make Healthy Grееn Smoothies This post contains affiliate links which means if you click on a link and choose to make a purchase I may receive a commission at no additional cost to you. See our disclaimer for more information.
Cheese and meats platter
Jalapeño marinated steak sandwiches that I make for the fam when I’m back home
toad in the hole
Mango biscuit pudding
Bacon &amp; Egg McMuffins
Chinese Kinda night - beef broccoli, pork lo mein, pork fried rice, honey chicken.
White Wine Garlic Shrimp Alfredo 🍾🍤 😋
Garden Fresh Cooking
Tres leches
enchiladas picture
hamentashen
made lasagne bolognese
Queen's Margherita Pizza at a local pizzeria.
Tapatio and Fermented Mango Habanero 'Buffalo' Wings
Eggs Benedict with smoked salmon
My attempt on beef tortilla made from leftovers
Smoked pork ass tacos 🌮
Honey Chicken
BBQ Chicken wings w/mayo
Beignets.
Adani Ports acquires 31.5% stake in Gangavaram Port for Rs 1,954 crore - Moneycontrol
Veggie Mix Pre Roasted,
Mediterranean Diet – Moroccan Salad &amp; Chicken Pita
Smoked pork shoulder
Chicken nachos 😋
or tried to, this school food.
vegetarian barley and bean soup.
Twix Thumbprint Cookies
Chicken chili
medium well ribeye steak with mushroom and shrimp
Yakisoba
Carbonara with shells
Herb-Crusted Lamb Chops with a Garlic-Lemon Aioli
super moist carrot cake
Maple Jalapeno Venison Jerky
farfalle
Mint Milanos
steaks and egg
Cinnamon Swirl Toast
Veggie pizza for breakfast! Broccoli &amp; Kale crust, caramelized onion, sautéed peppers, spinach, garlic, some Rótel, with Humboldt Fog, Taleggio, and Mozzarella on top
Tex Mex bake with shredded chicken
cast iron goat cheese garlicky pizza
“”Natural Frozen Cups 🥥
Mochiko chicken, mac salad, and rice.
Vietnamese egg rolls. Spent the entire day wrapping these bad boys.
ilFornino Wood Fired Steaks
the "All Meats &amp; All Sides" BBQ plate
garlic beef tenderloin
Japanese new year's feast featuring shrimp and vegetable tempura, teriyaki chicken and pork, inari sushi, and shrimp tempura sushi rolls
Kentucky Butter Cake
” Bacon 🥓 cheeseburger with grilled onion ,avocado, spinach , cheddar cheese and bun ! Simple and quick to whip up🍔
sourdough waffles for breakfast.
Filet &amp; Asparagus
sexy hot pocket (store bought)
Lavender Fried Chicken, Challah Bun, Quick Kimchi Pickle.
Bread 🥖
blueberry cream cheese pull apart bread.
The Champaran's Kitchen Delhi | Best and authentic Bihari village food
Tomato Pepper Soup
After half a year in the kitchen, I can finally say I can make my favorite dish from my local Chinese Place , Firecracker Chicken, at home.
2020-Themed Mixed Berry Pie
Stuffed Cabbage Rolls
Royal Icing Sugar Cookies
Eggs Benidict but with homemade cheese sauce.
fresh crack pretzels
Korean traditional cinnamon punch with a dried fig
Skillet Chicken with Brussels and Bacon
Skillet-grilled flat-iron steak with pomegranate sauce, roasted brussel sprouts, and basmati rice
Choice beef came out as tender as prime
Khao Soi
Dirty cajun rice, Welsh rarebit, &amp; a poached egg.
Pasta Fazool
Spicy Red Pork Tamales
Juicy Air Fryer Ribs
“ “a Blood Oranges
Bread Jam Sandwich
Jalapeño cheddar bagels
German Gulasch with redwine reduction
Salmon with sweet potato chips and green beans
Cajun Lemon Cod with crispy brussel sprouts and quinoa
chicken and waffles!
Maple Snow Taffy
Eggplant "Meatballs"
Roasted Tomato Puttanesca
Blackened Tuna Nachos with Crab Rangoon dip
Fried chicken drenched in crushed potato chips instead of flour. homemade slaw, pickles and chili crisp.
Thin spaghetti Alfredo w/ Garlic and mushrooms
Green Chile Chicken Soup with Fresh Noodles
Tonkotsu ramen with chashu and tamago
Filet Oscar
Leftover Dinner
brlgian waffle/fresh whipped cream and homemade rhubarb syrup.
Skillet Baked Buttermilk Biscuits
Chile verde tortas. Chicken cooked with pasilla, serrano, and jalapeno peppers. Rolls grilled in garlic butter. Mayo, shredded cabbage.
Weight Loss Recipe: Avocado Walnut &amp; Crispy Bacon Salad
Lemon Lava Cake
Korean fried chicken Sandwich
Easy Blueberry lemon pound cake ( check my comment )
My fav food
Chicken tikka kebabs
CRAWFISH! Lots and lots of crawfish.
avocado with eggs on a toast, I could probably eat this everyday!
Beef Stew with Root Vegetables
Eggless pumpkin cheesecake
todays breakfast
(Anime Styled) Ramen Noodles W/Pork Shoulder!!
Quesabirria tacos
Tangy Cilantro Bell Pepper Rice
bread
Shoyu Ramen with chashu, pickled shiitake, spinach, soft boiled egg, and bamboo shoot.
Haleem Recipe at Home easy and tasty
Birria Tacos
Chocolate covered strawberry mini cheesecakes
Baked Beans on buttered Toast.
S for Snack
Baked Apple Roses
Teryaki chicken and rice noodles
Pepperoni pie
Korean Eggs Benedict w/ Fondant Potatoes
Chicken Parmesan on Focaccia
Cake
pork and onion pie homemade dough
Guitar cake
Queso dip with chorizo and pico
Buffalo Wings
People power! Village comes together to pull truck out - CarToq.com
Xmas Charcuterie Board
Oreo cheesecake dip, cemetery-style
Coconut Cream Pie
Asian Salad Chopped Kit.
Thai chili fried chicken sandwich with sweet and tangy mustard aioli, coleslaw with ginger dressing, tomato, lettuce and sweet and spicy pickles.
The shrimp of scampi 🍤 with white wine of course!
I made  red wine mushroom rizzotto
pani puri
(Homemade) Corned beef hash, onion, cheddar, 3 egg omelette with fresh tomato and texas toast.
Avocado Toast Egg in a Hole
rosemary olive sourdough boule
Fish and Chips!
$20 Panini
Salted Popcorn Caramel Macarons
Grilled cheese with tomato bisque
delicious Traditional food with fruits
Tortelloni in Truffle Cream Sauce
Spanish Tortilla AKA the big daddy omelette.
My first smoked brisket on my first smoker!
Cornish hens with vegetables
Sujuk with Tzaziki
end of winter smoked/grilled endive and romaine salad with calabrese salumi, roasted red pepper and shallot vinegarette
Peshawar Traditional Bar B Que
Ăn GỎI CÁ SỐNG với CHUỐI ĐỘT BIẾN
coconut curry shrimp over jasmine rice
Muffuletta
I ate Karachi Style Biryani
Tofu in the style of Fish Head
It’s a cold and snowy day here in Canada- fresh lasagna for today!!
- Beef Wellington
Brioche in 4 different flavors (sugar/cinnamon, fruit, chocolate/honey, butter)
caramel apple cheesecake with a vanilla wafer crust
Roasted cinnamon pecans! Haven’t had these since the ballparks were open. Super easy to make!
Garlic roasted lamb rack, balsamic sauteed brussel sprouts, and mashed potatoes.
Chicken fried rice kuwaiti Style
Five Oklahoma City officers charged with manslaughter in shooting of 15-year-old boy - NBC News
hummus and focaccia bread 🤪
mozarella di bufala pizza and focaccia
chicken yakhni pulao(chicken with rice)
this blueberry glazed cake donut from Blue Star Donuts in Los Angeles
Leek and potato velouté with speck slices on a bed of parmigiano reggiano.
Sausage &amp; Potatoes Strata
US Ribeye (Covid got me going into food photography again)
waffles with berry sauce
homemade Buttercream
Toad in the hole.
Chocolate cake filled with caramel
Fried Okra
Deluxe Pizza with parmesan pesto garlic crust
60 Day Home Dry Aged Ribeye
charcuterie board for NYE
Roasted lamb chops, risotto, crispy potatoes, and zucchini
Rosquillas de Almendra Thermomix
Spicy Chicken Sandwich with Poutine
Nashville hot chicken “sliders”
Dulce de Leche Cheesecake
Roasted tomato soup and a ham, turkey, bacon sangwhich
Goat cheese and Red wine Bison burger
Satay 🐔
Spaghetti Meatballs
Smoked beef ribs, chuck roast and sausage
Cheeseburger with jalapeno and caramelized onion
Cheesy bacon hasselback potatoes
Dark Chocolate Almond Flour Brownies with French Vanilla Whipped Frosting
macarons
White chocolate and red fruits flapjacks
Many five star restaurants have adapted this new cooking method of using centrifugal force to cook a cow. This creates some of the most tender meat and tastes absolutely stunning!
Korean Sausage Bread
Chicken BLT
Chilean Sean bass, mashed potatoes, and roasted broccoli
Red Roast Duck
crispy duck breast, Parmesan roasted potatoes, &amp; lemon pepper asparagus
21st century
home grown beet greens pie
Veggies filled with rice and veggies (zucchini, aubergine, spinach, carrots)
Roast beef, roast potatoes, red cabbage and steam fried green beans with red wine gravy
strawberry Emmer wholemeal sourdough sandwich loaves
pesto, ham, cheese and egg bagel
Porridge
Pizza for Valentines Day
Gyoza and Chili Oil
Charcuterie Box
Pixel Mario Cherry Pie
blueberry and chocolate chip pancakes
various christmas cookies
falafel, hummus, tzatziki sauce, and Greek salad
English, currant jelly, bacon.
Guys what are these little white things in my cooked green lentils? Should i eat it
Japanese sponge cake
Rustic bruschetta with tomatoes, olives, &amp; buffalo mozzarella. Cacio E Pepe. (Pecorino Romano cheese &amp; black pepper spaghetti) Classic Tiramisu with a baileys twist.
Hotpot tonight
The pork tenderloin sandwich that was posted a few days ago.
Hatch Chile, Sausage, &amp; Red Onion Pizza
Wild goose breast and sides
Crevettes sauce à la crème, fromage et champignons
a KFC Supreme Sandwich!
Lebanese Falafel.
Reese's peanut butter cup cheesecake.
Taco Bell Fiesta Potatoes
Spam Spam Egg Spam Egg Egg and Spam
Rice
Seared Country Style Pork Ribs for Carnitas
Saw a recipe on here. Tried it- it was perfect. Thanks guys!
Homemade chocolates
a bunch of korean food
Braised duck leg poutine
Whole Trout en Papillote
Double Cheese Smash Burguer
Malaysian beef shank rendang and sambal okra
Gluten Free orange rolls
Ribeye steak with roasted potatoes and garlic beens
How To Make Ice Cream At Home (without an ice cream maker)
Pesto, chicken, grape tomato, goat cheese pizza with a balsamic drizzle
Pide
Wife bought me a brand new sketch pad today and I feel like a dog on a ride in the front seat of a truck!!
-V day dinner with the misses- Parmesan white wine sauce with shrimps (8/5) * will add recipe later*
zucchini lasagna
Raclette burger with onion confit and bearnaise sauce
French fries and beef sandwich with fried onions &amp; horseradish sauce &amp; tiny bit of hot sauce.
chicken thighs on garlic scape infused noodles. served w/ a egg yolk and mustard emulsion
Katsudon. Non-traditional cause i don’t like egg mush.
French toast casserole
oatmeal porridge 😊😊
salmon , prawn , avocado and veg sushi !!
fresh spicy, rosemary, and plain sheep cheeses &amp; a cubano.
pumpkin cake w/maple frosting
Cookie and Candy Platter
Chocolate-filled Malasada
Pumpkin Cheesecake with maple spiced almond crust and fresh whipped cream
Fried lobster on a stick
Everything Bagel with Lox and salmon roe, garnished with dill.
libanese mezza plate with minced steak, humus, liba bread and libanese tabbouleh
, Spaghetti Carbonara Recipe How to Make Spaghetti Quick &amp; Easy Italian Pasta Dish By Hart TV
burnt sugar caramel cake
Chicken grilled with mushroom sauce, paired with Chilean red wine
Pepperoni sheet pizza
Beef stew with rice.
Seafood vegetable pasta
this beautiful Croissant!
Vanilla Cupcakes with Buttercream!
lobster salad on a NYC everything bagel
Fruit tarts with lemon marscapone cream
fried chicken katsu curry
chicken le cordon bleu, vegetables and mash
Centre to appeal against Cairn's $1.2 billion arbitration award - Moneycontrol
Take out biscuits &amp; gravy platter w/ cholula - Zeke's - Morgantown, WV
Sweden Food Pantry acquires used van - CentralMaine.com - Kennebec Journal
creamy chicken soup and buttermilk dumplings
Rack of lamb with jalapeño jelly, smashed potatoes, and roasted carrots.
Rosemary and garlic focaccia with winter root potage
pulled pork
fried eggs and black coffee
Whole roasted butternut squash with fall stuffing.
Creamy chestnut cake~ delicious. Need to exercise later.😂
‘Shepards Pie’ with seasoned ground beef, sweet corn, and garlic mashed potatoes
Tôm Chiên Giòn - Vietnamese Fried Shrimp
Yeast doughnuts filled with apple butter and coated in sugar
I bet you could make this RIGHT NOW at home
Cantonese roasted duck
Slow-cooked lamb shank with a red wine &amp; veg stock, over buttery mashed potato.
Spring Rolls
Bolognese pasta
Egg Sandwich
Biscoff Crust Pumpkin Cheesecake
Picked fish 🐠
BBQ Chicken and Bacon Mac n' Chesse
Orange Chicken
3-Ingredient Peppermint Rocky Road Candies!
Easy  Curry, chibati bread and rice
Pain de Campagne sourdough
Ribeye, fried zucchini and mushrooms, jalapeño poppers, cheesy potatoes
Rigatoni w/ Charred Broccoli Raab &amp; Sausage
Pan seared Creamy Garlic Tilapia.
Chicken Carbanara
Korean garlic bread! SO GOOD!! Check out more pics - IG: @whiskandsugar.orlando
Red Beans &amp; Rice
Toffifee Cupcakes
Alcohol-free black forest
Chocolate Cherry Cake
ribeye with horseradish butter and mushrooms
Sourav Ganguly stable, had dinner hours after coronary angiography - Hindustan Times
Afghan Qabuli Palow
Ribeyes
Blueberry/cream cheese danish
Home made. Pasta al Pomodoro
tteokbokki with cabbage and cheese
Gnocchi and Cheese pasta bake
apple rose tart 😁
Dropped my dinner
Rús Organic -  100% Organic Goodness. Check out below!
Korean sticky chilli chicken wings.
Typical dish of northeastern Brazil: carne-do-sol with green, yellow and red bell peppers topped with cilantro
Escovietched smelt
Laminated herb pasta
Roast beef tenderloin with truffle butter
Parmesan Topped Focaccia
Sweet Potato/Pumpkin Casserole
Pokè Bowl
Carnitas Taco Bowl
Pink Walnut Pancake
Baked tofu with hot sauce
Mushroom Gochujang Ramen
Garlic Lemon Salmon
Roasted Stuffed Chicken
Kale and white bean soup
my pizza looks like Patrick
I’m not into turkey, so I grilled lamb chops for Thanksgiving
breakfast pot pie - rosemary sausage gravy, puff pastry, egg, and hashbrowns
Crawfish eggs benedict on kale and sourdough
Pink Bao Burger with prawns and guacamole.
Niboshi shoyu + noodles using my atlas!
Steak and eggs and potatoes and toast :)
Cheesy Hassleback Potatoes Gratin
Open-faced Meatloaf Stacker sub with mashed potatoes, Mac N Cheese, Brown Gravy, and topped with diced cherry tomatoes, chives, and fried onions
Costco Maine lobster ravioli dressed up with olive oil, onion, garlic, cilantro, mushrooms, tomato, preserved peppers, fresh lime juice, red pepper flake, butter, salt and pepper
Air Fryer Chile Rellenos
I  pizza
Tempura-Battered Fresh Line Caught Cod/French Fries/Fresh Tartar Sauce
Key Lime Pie with decorative fruit.
I ate: The mediterranean diet is again named the best diet and keto remains one...
jalapeño poppers with brisket
Cashew Cream and Vegetable Pasta
best club sandwiches ever, a must try
Deviled Egg Sandwich
Chicken bánh mì.
Cheesy ensaymada
Chicken Katsu Roll
Bucatini alla Gricia and Spinach
Lobster Fra Diavolo with Squid Ink pasta
Pumpkin pie mochis
My take on Tavern Steaks from the “Heroes’ Feast” D&amp;D Cookbook!
Sorpresine in pesto, n grilled tiger prawns
lau lau.
Tom Kha Gai
Huevos Rancheros con Chorizo
French Toast with fruit caramel and cotton candy
Birria Tacos con Consommé
Supreme Pizza
Cast iron double smash with pickles and shack sauce for lunch
Cinnamon Sugar Pretzel Bites
scrambled egg breakfast burrito with pancetta, spicy redskin home fries, avocado, cheddar, and chives.
Chicken and veggie roll !
Romanian/Balkan snack tier list
Shrimp balls
Brioche Rabanadas with homemade strawberry confit | Merry Xmas r/food
Salted caramel, chocolate, and hazelnut tart
icecream cones!
TIN ĐƯỢC KHÔNG !!! Ăn BABY SHARKS cho Bữa Tối
Flour, sugar, butter,  croissants.
Pupcake. Pork, chicken, veggies, and mashed potatoes
Hush Puppies
Chicken schnitzel with mashed potatoes and a thick mushroom sauce.
Nigerian beef stew
Airtel, Vodafone Idea unlikely to renew most airwaves
Buffalo chicken dip.
Southern Style Baked Mac n' Cheese
Aloo Gobi | Potatoes with cauliflower
An Asian White Rice and Seasoned Sirloin Steak Dinner. (Steak seasoned with: Garlic Powder, Paprika, Salt &amp; Pepper)
Nashville Hot Chicken + Waffles
2 Totino’s pizzas = grilled cheese sandwich
Challah bread loaf, Cranberry walnut tart, Chocolate dipped coconut macaroons.
Japanese-inspired croquettes!
Sesame Noodles
Reverse Seared Chicken with Garlic and White Wine Reduction, Steamed Broccoli and Mashed Potatoes
Gourmet Hotdogs
Southern Style Fried Catfish
Lemon Chicken and Potatoes
Bird's eye chili chutney with boiled tapioca
Pumpkin Custard Pie with a Salted Dark Caramel Topping
Wood Pellet Smoked Brisket
potato au gratin
Cream Ramen with a side of brussel sprouts! 😍 Only egg, no meat.
Veal Chop stuffed with asiago and figs
Creme brûlée with a whiskey barrel smoked sugar for the brûlée part, took pic after I cracked it.
Cajun Chicken dinner, mint and chilli greens, potatoes
eggie wag and bacon sammie
Sourd6
Soup and Sandwiches
Salmon + Khitchdi
Just some  pie dough (in the making) 😋
Deep fried turkey, homemade cranberry sauce, baked mac n cheese, collard greens w/ turkey neck. Hot sauce on the greens &amp; Martinelli’s sparkling apple cider for the WIN!
My fiancé’s  tamales, I think they look fabulous.
Steak Tacos | The Ultimate Taco
Pierogi
How many of you familiar with this kinda snacks?
Rice Krispies
Rustic Italian Pizza
Sunday Special recipes
Chili-tamarind glazed ribs
cookies.
My uncles cheesesteak
Steak night
rum cinnamon rolls w/ malibu frosting
Fried Mozzerella Sandwich
Steak breakfast burrito with fresh orange juice
Cherry Clafouti
Chicken thighs under a brick 🧱
seared duck breast.
thin crust pizza
Sea food pizza with courgette
Eggnog
I need help! I’m competing in the Greatest Baker contest. Based on votes - #1 prize is 10k. I am a  at a bakery in Canmore that makes wedding cakes so COVID has changed my world. It’s free to vote. Vote every 24h!
Omelette with shallots, tomatoes, basil and Boursin cheese.
Bacon fat pepper gravy and buttermilk biscuits
Baked Lime Pepper Swordfish &amp; Coconut Shrimp over Cilantro Carolina Rice.
An amazing burger while on vacay in Brazil
camel burgers, guys
Samosas, spiced peas and mint chutney
Sunday School Breakfast
Pecan-smoked pastrami, provolone cream sauce, giardenera, russian, kraut, homemade bun.
beefstew
Tartiflette and charcuterie board
Spanish omelette with mixed olives
Oyster mushroom, pancetta, truffle and goat cheese pizza
Spice rubbed chicken. Garlicky black beans. Spanish rice. Goat cheese and sweet potato quesadilla.
Energy Bites
Pepper/tomato/paprika fresh pasta
cabin dinner
Bœuf à la Bourguignonne stew
Alsatian Spaetzles with bacon, mushrooms, crème fraîche and parsley
Sourdough trash pierogi!
Lemon cheesecake with a freshly made lemon curd topping. Zesty 🍋
halloumi burger
My homemade chicken burger
Bang Bang Chicken
Seared salmon with mashed potatoes and greens
Nutella-Filled Donuts
Double smash burger with cheese, ketchup, and caramelized onions
Mutton Rogan Josh
Cheesy eggs &amp; chocolate frappuccino
English breakfast
Chicken Florentine with rice pilaf and veggies
New York Style cheesecake with strawberry coulis
Fluffy pumpkin pancakes
beef sushi (cooked) and sukiyaki-style filet mignon
Smoked pork ribs
Duck in chilli orange sauce, roasted paprika/garlic sliced potatoes and pan fried asparagus.
Grilled cheese.
Simple French Dip made from left over pot roast.
West Indies Black Pudding
I’m proud of how this  breakfast pizza turned out
Layered Cream Cheese Brownies ""
Single-Serve Thanksgiving Dinner
local Detroit Style Pizza
GCC's annual Food Drop will bring food boxes to over 6000 families this Saturday - ABC 57 News
Waffles with Butter &amp; Eggs
Maple Almond Butter and blubes on toasted brioche. (Piping hot black coffee not pictured)
flatbread pizza with onions, spinach, and peppers
ShaCha Pork Bowl
salmon in aspic
Beef Lumpia
Coffee infused ice cream with kitkat.🍦
"" Starting the day with some avocado toast with a fried egg
Ravioli with cream cheese and salmon filling in white garlic souce
Poutine with Roast Turkey, Stuffing and Peas.
Porgy with cilantro chimichurri. Broiled zucchini and cherry tomatoes topped with toasted pine nuts and lemon basil/mint Greek yogurt
Drew Brees goes viral for full head of hair in workout video - Larry Brown Sports
Cheese ramkins
Hot Sauce
homemade fruit cake
Chocolate Chip Cookie with Browned Butter and Dark Chocolate Chunks
Gouda stuffed Burger topped with Cooper Sharp, Grilled Pork Jowl Bacon, Sriracha Mayo, and a Sunny Side Up Egg on a Pretzel Roll.
Libyan spiced pasta “Imbakbaka”
Pizza party #2 with the new oven.
Beef Burgundy &amp; Mashed Potatoes
Colorful shrimp tacos
Falafel and pita plate! (Vegan)
I bought a bamboo steamer in early 2020 and it just sat. All year I meant to try my hand at  bao buns. I felt so intimidated I kept putting it off. I finally did it! INCREDIBLE is an understatement. I couldn’t have asked for a more perfect turnout. Cheers to 2021! 🎉
Pepperoni &amp; Jalapeno Pizza
Beef Tartare
PUMPKIN PEPPER for halloween(filled with mac and cheese)
these smash burgers tho
pimento cheese spread featuring smoked Gouda, sharp cheddar and hatch green chilies.
Reubens
Breakfast scramble 😋
My attempt at making dalgona coffee
Pork and smoked lardon goulash with pickled red onions.
Strawberry tarts. Graham and regular.
Coffee Kombucha Tiramisu
Cheese &amp; Mushroom &amp; Pepper &amp; Broccoli
Hard amaretti biscuits
Kaiser Knots
I made this classic cocktail recipe poster!
Almond milk and Banana Chia seed pudding
Filet Mignon with Potato Puree, Baby Carrots &amp; Winter Truffles
bacon-wrapped mac'n cheese-filled meatloaf:)
my gfs awesome dinner
seared steak over a bed of plantain topped with a chimichurri sauce
Profiteroles filled with homemade Bavarian cream and topped with homemade chocolate sauce
s’mores pancakes and bacon
Gajar ka Halwa
Jacque Pepin's Gros Pain
cast-iron pepperoni and jalapeño pizza. Was absolutely incredible! Started an Instagram to post my attempts at food, would appreciate any follows and likes! @wannabe_cooking
Lemon Sunshine Pudding
clam sauce with a ton of tough cut fresh parsley
chicken Parmesan and homemade pasta and marinara sauce
Lemon coconut cake. One of the prettiest cakes I've made.
giant chocolate chip cookie
Avocado and Halloumi on bread
Roast sweet potato
Chocolate-covered Original Ruffles with sprinkles. As far as snack foods go: a game changer.
Panna cotta with hazelnut sugar tile
Sichuan Beef
Seared Scallop, Crispy Guanciale, Saffron and Lemon cream
Meat and Cheese Manicotti
I tried to plate scallop crudo like a top chef for Christmas!
Guga’s Oklahoma onion burgers
Pumpkin Tiramisu
TURKEY .. HAPPY CANADIAN THANKSGIVING
seasonal veg ratatouille
Filet for our anniversary
grilled seafood platter
Calves Liver cooked the correct way, slowly and in Marsala wine.
Carne Asada &amp; Chimichurri
Noodle ❤❤❤
charcuterie in Tuscany last year
Chicken sandwich
made some healthy Korean food :) there was some Bulgogi beef under that egg
BLT, Oven Roasted Asparagus, and Twice Baked Potato Jalapeno Bites
Brown sugar bubble tea
Russian Muffins
BLT with Pesto on homemade sourdough
Grilled Chicken &amp; rice
Garlic butter shokupan
Back-of-the-fridge ramen, with Gochujang spicy broth and spiced chicken (with udon because I had a craving!).
Roasted Chicken Thighs with Vegetables
Raspberry lemon drop martini with a sugar rim
Pan Seared Salmon and Truffled Pea Puree
Cupcakes!
Ramdon ramen
Chicken, Chorizo and Thyme with a homebrewed Wild Hop Pale Ale
Korean noodle stir fry and sesame chicken
Fried rice, chilli chicken and chicken wings with garlic, honey and lemon sauce
Cherry Funnel Cake
baked Alaska
Pork Tenderloin with baked potatoes, apples and green beans
banh mi
Honey Fried Chicken
caramelized shallot, danish blue cheese and bacon quiche
Artichoke
I got an air fryer for Hanukkah. So far brussel sprouts have been my favorite thing to make.
Baba ghanoush with cucumber, carrots, and homemade potato slices for dipping!
Chocolate strawberry Dessert
Classic Chicago style pizza last night at work. Pepperoni extra cheese. Had six orders in an hour
Oxtail soup
Chocolate chip banana muffins
Flat iron stake with brown rice. As cool as cucumber...
Donairs
Lamb Lahmacun
peach pie
I made dinner rolls!
shedded pork floss and spring onion scrolls
Italian chicken and peppers sandos
Cheeseboard
Fried salmon, salad, mushrooms and zucchini
Chocolate Marshmallow Cupcakes
Brunch: Smoked Salmon Benedict, Crab Cake Salad, and Fruits
Korean Fire Chicken with Cheese
Crunchy PB toast and honeycrisp apples, over easy eggs, bacon
Máy nướng chả bằng điện được Bếp Đỏ thiết kế và sản xuất nhằm phục vụ nhu cầu nướng chả, thịt nhanh chóng, tự động, tiết kiệm công sức. Không còn vất vả nướng bằng than, xoay lật nhiều lần như trước đây mà quy trình nướng hoàn toàn tự động, chả chín đều và thơm ngon. Máy
Good morning, today's breakfast, fried meat with mushroom, steamed sweet potato, Chinese pickle, yummy
Donuts. But I edited them to not have color. Still yummy?? Or not??
pecan pie!!
Probably my favorite simple meal. Rice &amp; beans + pickled onions.
potatoes
microwaved vegetables, cast iron steak, deep fried potato wedges
Beef Wellington, Duchess Potatoes with mushroom and shallot gravy, and Raspberry Sponge Cake Rose
Tray pogaca. Non-english recipe link in comments.
Squash &amp; Shrimp bisque
Sesame Maple-Soy Chicken With Bok Choy, Onion and Creamy Garlic Basmati Rice
steak and red wine simmered mushrooms.
Chicken Burrito Bowl with Sour Cream
Cajun Jambalaya
mozza and ham pizza. My partner likes bubbles
Menemen with some rosemary and olive oil sourdough
Smoked Disney style turkey legs
krapfen with raspberry filling! How'd I do?
Eggs Benedict with chorizo sausage and asparagus
Poblano blackbean burger w/Sriracha ketchup
Pot Pies!
Nashville Fried Chicken with Pickled Red Onions &amp; Pickles
Watch: Viral Video Of Great-Grandparents Hilariously Struggling To Sled - Fatherly
Pot roast , yams , rice , baked Mac and cheese , bake beans and potatoes and the corn bread! Soul food
sirloin with mushroom and onion. Shrimp fried rice
Chocolate chip Cookie
Millet w\ chicken hearts and blue cheese
broke my favorite plate when trying to remove the chocolate mousse out of the cup :(
Karjalanpaisti - Karelian stew
nyc snow day ramen
Braised Rabbit
Kaki Katli
Lanzarote McDonalds
Chocolate Peppermint Bark Macarons
Pan-seared duck breast with red wine sauce, polenta and green beans.
Starbucks Keto Pro-Tips - Keto Drinks at Starbucks – What to Avoid
streak dry rubed with frank's red hot seasoning, pink himalayan sea salt and pepper
Plum and Chilli Kangaroo, Kimchi, Cauliflower rice with Okra and Spinach.
Crab Stuffed Haddock
Cat enjoying viral vibing cat video makes for a hilarious watch - Hindustan Times
Deep fried pineapple rings
Shepherd's purse pork wonton soup
Chocolate Chip Banana Bread
Buther heart cake, Vladivostok, rest Дело в мясе
cast iron t-bone with garlic-sage butter.
bacon wrapped jalapeños
"Beanless Version" Easy To Digest Burrito
bourbon pecan pumpkin pie
Feta Spinach Puffs even Kronk would be proud of
focaccia (2nd attempt) with rosemary, garlic and red onion.
Steak Burrito with Nachos topped with chicken, steak, and chorizo
Cchicken Dumplings. I don't think I am going to be ordering these in anytime soon. If you need recipe, DM yours truly. Learned from a friend. Happy to pay forward.
Limeade
Cinnamon rolls made for the first time by me and my mom
Greenfield Police Department's Officer Donut in viral TikTok video - The Recorder
Herb Roasted Chicken
Pokebowl
Healthy Masala Tea
make pizza at home without using an oven
Why yes, I did teach myself the culinary arts
Shrimp fettuccine alfredo
Chuck steak with rice and asparagus
chai boba tea
Steak with oven baked potatoes yellow paprika, onions and mushrooms
blackened chicken parmesan sliders
maple bacon donut
Lemon Loaf Cake!
Yellow Lentils (Yellow Moong Dal) Dosa
Reverse sear prime rib
cheese platters
Cheese burger with a 50/50 American and Japanese wagyu patty
Beef Short Rib -Smoked
Sweet &amp; Spicy sticky wings with baked sweet potato &amp; a side salad 🥗
Mapo Tofu with Leftover Leg of Lamb
Oreo cake
Wild Pacific Rockfish and mushroom nabemono. Perfect for the -25°C weather outside.
Tomahawk Steak with Scallops on a Corn Ragu
My "Dutch Baby" pancake. With fruit and, homemade preserves.
Orange beef filet 🍊 🥩
jeweled couscous with lamb, feta, pomegranate seeds, pine nuts, cinnamon, honey, mint, cilantro
Korean Barbeque
BBQ Pork Ribs
pan fried fresh sardines
Turkey Melt on Sour dough.
vanilla and white chocolate sponge with canticle cream and fresh fruit.
the trifecta at Ruby Slipper Cafe
Spicy BBQ sauce, jalapenos, French's fried onions, and pepper jack cheeseburger
chicken and mushroom Alfredo
Bucatini with a black truffle, tomato, and basil Alfredo. Crispy skin sous vide chicken thighs. Lemon pepper steamed broccoli
Applewood Smoked Salt
Picked fish
Salmon, spinach and cashew pesto parcels &amp; Blue cheese and peanut wontons.
Spam and Shrimp Fried Rice
lamb shoulder, mushed peas, goats cheese, pickled greens
Such divine spicy peanut sauce on homemade spring rolls
Dutch baby pancake
Chicken Salad
Chicken stock. New Sunday routine, roast a chicken and pick the meat for sandwiches/salads throughout the week. Use the carcass to make stock. Use the stock for soups. Skim the fat for the Sunday roast potatoes.
Keema Curry with vegetables
Christmas Dinner for two and a half.
this ham &amp; cheese sandwich on the top of Angels Landing
Potato korokke with cheese in the center
Smoked Drumsticks
IND vs AUS, 3rd Test, Day 4 Live Score: Marnus Labuschagne Reaches Fifty After Being Dropped - NDTV Sports
Chicken Fried Steak w/ Mashed Potatoes and Gravy
Blondies with Almond caramel topping
Mac and Cheese with a crumb topping.
experiment went good... chopped ribs with onions, red pepper and teriyaki sauce..
Chocolate tart
Truffle pasta
Roast with potatoes and carrots
Buffalo Chicken Cheesesteak
breakfast this morning. Eggs, sourdough, spinach, grilled toms and some ricotta
spaghetti and meatballs and garlic bread with some White Merlot!
Blueberry cheesecake
Rainy day project: Spicy Pork Tonkotsu Ramen
the Oreo n word pass
Pouched egg with salmon and avocado
Comerica Park Mac n Cheese and Coney Dogs
Hamburg Stew, my grandma's recipe.
White chocolate pannacotta with pistachio praline.
”Nashville Hot Chicken”
Roast Duck in a red wine sauce.
Mortadella, sun dried tomato, and pineapple pizza with homemade sauce and dough!
Chicken tikka masala w/ saag aloo
BBQ Pork Fried Rice
Breakfast burritos
lunchtime! beef in a bowl
recent dinner date night
charcuterie board!
chicken tempura roll
Chocolate Chip Muffins
Kids teaching adults how to cook!Love this kid
Blueberry White Chocolate cheesecake
Sausage Balls
outrageous hot chocolate...
Fish Tacos and Fried Oysters
Fish &amp; chips with mushy peas.
Seafood Master
creamy white wine sea food spaghetti.
a cheeseboard
Gluten free banana bread
Matcha Cupcakes w/ Vanilla Buttercream
breakfast in Prague
Black Duck Breast. Hunted her myself. Served over sweet potato purée topped with oyster mushrooms reduced in a red wine sauce.
Lemon ricotta ravioli-jamon pine nut crumble-roasted fennel
Orange Zest Sugar Cookies
Lemon cake with raspberry/blackberry filling and vanilla bean buttercream
Bacon Cheesebuger Slider
https://ift.tt/35TYmZs
""fish party
Cream cake , quick and cheap
Apple, Bacon, &amp; White Cheddar on Croissant Dough with black pepper and a little maple syrup
Reese’s Peanut Butter Sundae
cheddar and roasted Garlic latkes
Pork Ribs w/my enhanced BBQ sauce recipe for those interest.
Crispy skin salmon with mango sauce and saffron risotto
Steak and
Strawberry Cake Topped with Chocolate Covered Strawberries
Beef Keema curry, kachumber salad, rice &amp; poppadoms
Chocolate Croissants.
Chicken friend rice
Bacon, egg, hash brown, avocado
A Swedish classic.
Tahitian Poisson Cru
Carne asada tacos and picante elote
Salmon Trout embedded in herbs from the garden
pudding!
Sausage, Egg and Cheese Bagels...
Pulled Chicken and Carne Asada Tacos
Surf &amp; Turf
I think I'm done with pizza for a while.
Scallion pancakes!
Thai Drunk Noodles with snow peas
piece of bundt cake
avocado toast with runny egg
stuffed chicken, braised chicory, green beans in bacon, filled apples with cranberry sauce, stuffing and croquettes. Merry Christmas all!
Deals
Wild rice &amp; mushroom soup
Coffee Walnut Cake
Extra Virgin Olive Oil
Corn Potato Tikki
Valentine's Day meat, cheese, and seafood spread.
Instapot Butter Chicken and Naan
Bacon Egg &amp; Cheese
Saturday White Bread recipe from Flour Water Salt Yeast.
Cheese fries with bacon chunks and parsley
BBQ Pork sliders with coleslaw
Natto - Fermented Soybeans
Braided Cinnamon Bread
Strawberries and cream
One of my most frequented coffee shops in Portland. Water Avenue does not disappoint.
spicy hot pot
Egg Patty
Beginner’s Attempt At Pizza
Chicken Cutlet
New Year’s Honey Cake for Rosh Hashanah. Stuck to the pan, but taste amazing!
Surf and Turf Burger.
Empanada
Baked Veggie Tray
Prawn cherry tomatoes and feta pasta
Pulled Pork Sandwiche with spicy coleslaw and pickled red onions
South Indian Filter Coffee
Pizza!!! Enjoy your weekends!
Spicy scrambled eggs with buttermilk biscuit and crispy potatoes
pineapple dream dessert 🍍
Ice Cream Lasagna
🥟 Dumplings 🥟
grilled cheese and cream of leek and mushroom soup
A Frankenstein roll with some nigiri and seaweed salad.
Bacon, egg, hashbrown and hollandaise muffin
chapulines (deep fried grasshoppers)
Bagels!
roasted carrots. They were stunningly beautiful 🤩
Roasted see bass, Parmesan cream, asparagus rolled With bacon and balsamic vinegar reduction. I’m a cook in France, this is my home cooking in confinement.
Cherry cheesecake
Filet Mignon , Thick Cut Pork Chop , 5 cheese Bacon topped Mac &amp; Cheese w Jalapeños
chocolate chip cookie
Cookies and Cream Fudge Brownie Cupcake(s)
Roasted garlic and Parmesan rolls
Savory tomato tart with tomatoes and peppers from my garden, homemade ricotta and quick puff pastry! (Am a )
pepperoni anchovy and sultana pizza with fresh ricotta.
Smoked salmon cream cheese and capers on crostini
29 today and no better way to start the day than with  pancakes! 🥞
satay chicken skewers with noodles
Just a nice loaf of pumpkin bread on this gloomy winter day
Biscoff Filled White Chocolate Chip Cookie
Bacon and Egg Sandwich with Fried Potatoes
Cuban Oxtail Stew
Homemade Bibimbap
Steak I cooked for my family’s dinner.
smoked paprika deviled eggs with salmon
Fermented Hot Mustard BBQ Sauce
This PB&amp;J
Roasted Cauliflower Soup.
a lot of Chicken Parmigiana !! :)
A5 ribeye
Grilled fish with mushrooms keto.
no-bake 3 style ingredients Bounty Balls
Uzbek lamb plov
Charcuterie Platter
crab cakes with homemade tartar sauce
Curried Butternut Squash soup served with fresh Sourdough
Lego Minecraft: Special KIMBAP Recipe in Real Life - ASMR Stop Motion Fu...
Breakfast of Champions from Son and Garden
do you guys know what this is called. I know the rice, broccoli and carrots are but not what type of noodles and meat they are.
spanikopita
My sibling made dinner for us for my birthday. It tasted amazing.
Halal “English” breakfast last weekend
spiced meat pie, maple beans and greens
Moneybag Dumplings
Recipe Homemade Sweets Made From 2 Ingredients Everyone Has
Glutinous rice balls
Wedding Cake
14 Hours Smoked Texas Style Brisket. Rested 6 Hours
Strawberry Napoleon
Fluffy bouncy pancakes
beautiful American Waygu short ribs
Baked Mac’n’Chz, First Try
Truy tìm kẻ Giả Mạo: Có phải JERRY đã TIÊU DIỆT Among Us? Thánh Nấu Ăn A...
Ahi Tuna Steak with Mushrooms
Root Vegetable Hash, Poached Egg, and Toast with Pepper Jelly
VA-raised ribeyes and Sockeye Salmon in the cast-iron skillet.
Peach n' bourbon bbq sauce.
bacon and chive deviled eggs for Christmas potluck at work
Fruit cake.
T-Bone Steak With A Beurre Rouge, Green Beans, &amp; (Boxed) Mashed Potatoes.
Herb Crusted Lamb with butter braised potatoes and honey balsamic Brussels sprouts
Canadian Grade A, Pan Fried Sirloin Steak, Greens with Nutritional Yeast Dressing, Garlic Toast
Short Rib on Cauliflower Alfredo
Black Pepper Garlic Squid
""How Fadwa makes Kings Celery Healthy Juice
carne asada street tacos!
Cream of chicken marsala
Italian Pasta
Salmon Poke!
French Toast/Chicken and Waffle Pizza
Paccheri alla sorrentina
fajita mac’n cheese
Double cheeseburger with sautéed mushrooms and onions, with sweet potato fries
Cheesesteak
Siamese mushroom. (very rare)
Brunch for two - happy food coma guaranteed
Ground Turkey Taco Bowl!
Slow cooked Al Pastor for tacos
Gnocchi Bolognese
Chili Lime New York strip, with sauteed spinach
Smoked Gouda and Cheddar Grilled cheese
veggie chilli with toast.
Custard Frappe
I ate a Cinnabon Milkshake! 🤤
Braised Chicken Thigh on a bed of Fettuccine Alfredo
chocolate chunk cookies and coffee bean cookies
okonomiyaki
Grilled pineapples
Norwegian Waffles
Black pepper steak, prawn fritters w chilli aioli, amaranth leaves in pork bone broth
mmmmm noodles
Mini Ice Cream Rolls
Babka!
Edamame onigiri, tomato nigiri, inari sushi and curry yaki onigiri
upstate NY pizza
cheese biscuits my 8year old son and I made
Spicy Korean Fried Chicken
Laab Moo Tod - a classic Thai salad made into a fried meatball.
BBQ Pulled pork, mac &amp; cheese, sweet potato mash and cornbread.
Rice Noodle Roll (Dim Sum)
Loop Media Partners with Doing Things Media to Bring the Internet's Funniest and Most Viral Videos to Restaurants, Venues, and Retail Establishments - GlobeNewswire
Tater Tot Hotdish with Steak
Prime Ribeye Roast, Sauteed Broccoli, Mashed Potatoes and Gravy
Purple Berry Cheesecake with blueberry/strawberry/ milk chocolate layer and a homemade blueberry glaze
What to do with dinner of giving thanks leftovers..  TURKEY STOUP
Vietnamese Chicken Banh Mi
pesto salmon, garlic potatoes, tenderstem broccoli and green beans with a lemon sauce
Triple cheeseburger for lunch
Pan seared scallops with butter-lemon sauce
Meatball Spaghetti for dinner.
Caprese Chicken Pasta
I liked my  burrito so much, I took an artistic picture of it.
#veg: cauliflower/potatoes/lentil/spices/rice/homemade/
Pasta Alla Vodka with Truffle Carpaccio and Roasted Chicken Pesto!
trying my hand in cake making Black forrest cake.
Indian food (Chicken Korma and Rogan Josh)
cheeseboard
Hot chicken sandwich!
PRIME RIB
British Style Barbecue.
Horn Barbecue
no knead crust bread
Lemon Butter Prawns
Cajon Style Shrimp.
Vampire Tacos
Sicilian arancini with ragù, ready to be breaded and fried.
French cake decorating
whole turkey
Lobster Benedict
Parisian Flan.
smoked burgers and chicken drumsticks
Chocolate panna cotta coconut pie
Birria-Ramen
A bowl of ramen
Meat Grinder VS Bounty
shakshuka with spinach.
- Custard Creams
Roti
Mealoaf wrapped in bacon with mashed potatoes and sauerkraut
Usuyaki with cheese
Roasted Carrots
Prawn head oil
Aloo Saag (Spinach and Potato Curry)
Roast Duck, followed by crispy duck-skin poutine with the leftovers
vegetarian tacos
brioche buns
Charcuterie board of mine again. Such a good go to.
Burger with a fried egg and sausage
calorie free chocolate sauce
Italian pizza 🍕🍕🍕
this Italian beef
Christmas cookies with my niece and friends ❤️💚
Bulgogi, tteokbokki, Banchan, Ssamjang.
Shish barak!!
11y/o makes Pretzels at
Sesame Shrimp Kimchi Fried Rice!
Glutenfree, Dairy free cookies
korean/salvadoran fusion street tacos, marinated steak with curtito and pan cooked carrots
Ăn SỐNG TRÁI TIM của ÁC THẦN BIỂN CẢ DAVY JONES -Kluna Tik ASMR eating s...
assorted burgers and sandwiches
vegan Burrito with spiced basmati rice, french beans, peas, carrots, paprika/pepper, vegan mince on pea protein base, salad, spices, halit salt, long pepper
Restaurant Style Boneless Chicken Karahi Recipe
Live winter storm updates: Reports of coastal rain prompts new snow totals map amid nor’easter - Boston 25 News
pumpkin chocolate chip muffins
posole / pork stew with green chile
Peppermint Chocolate Smoothie
vegetable samosas
Ciabatta Bread
Pesto Gnocchi
Hot Italian Sausage and Peppers
blue blueberry waffles
a Philly cheesesteak
"" IG delish.overdose I am gonna post some fun and cool videos check me out :)
Food pantries continue to see an increase in need - WHSV
smoked duck breast slices with bacon wrapped asparagus homemade cranberry sauce and cherry sauce for the duck meat
Spaghetto quadrato carbonara
Pizza crunchy &amp; soft napoletana method in home owen, it's possible!
I'm on a diet this is my meal
eggs royale with avocado, spring onions and pumpkin seeds.
Apple Pie with all butter crust
Mussels with White Wine, Garlic, and Italian Parsley
Sichuan Soup Noodles with Minced Pork
giant apple pie cream puff with salted caramel and condensed milk
perfect pancake this morning!
roast beef, turkey, fresh mozz sandwich
Lamb Dumplings
MASHED POTATO BOWL 😻
Teriyaki Chicken Noodles
Hyderabad Chicken Biryani SPICY 🔥🌶️
Scrambled egg on bread
Fried chicken, mashed potatoes.
warming Tom Yum Soup with Chicken Katsu
Grilled Skirt Steak!
Bacon, egg, and cheese sandwich
Seafood
Khao Soi - (Thai Chicken Coconut Curry Noodles)
Roast Beef, Roast, Poatoes, and Onion Gravy
sweet potato sourdough bread.
rigatoni bolognese with garlic bread
Fish &amp; chips and calamari
Beet Berry Salad in a Glass | Drink your Salad Smoothie
this salmon roe parfait thing
Matcha and mung bean mooncakes
Caprese Salad including Pink Brandywine Heirloom Tomato &amp; Genovese Sweet Basil From The Garden, Hawaiian Black Sea Salt and Ground Telicherry Peppercorns
cauliflower and pumpkin curry
Garbage Plate at Rochester, NY
Melt-in-Your-Mouth Chuck Roast
Baked No Knead Loaf
Enchiladas with Homemade Sauce
Lobster Mac N Cheese! Thank you Chef John for the recipe :)
Mid cab roast: Mirepoix with rosemary, finished with black truffle oil.
Crispy coconut shrimp w/ braised pineapple salad
Simple Salad
Philly Cheesesteak with homemade Wisconsin Cheddar Cheese Whiz
Kaiseki cuisine lunchi
3 ingredient peanut butter cookies
potato galette with lox, sour cream, and capers; a strawberry and spinach salad with toasted cashews, buratta, and fig-balsamic dressing; and apple-cherry pie.
Burrata caprese
Lemon Thyme Chicken, Wild Rice, and Roasted Brussels Sprouts
Sautéed hake roe on toast with toum, red onion and a squirt of lime juice
pulled pork tacos (full list of toppings in comments)
bacon cheese burger w cajun fries from FIVE GUYS 💯
Chocolate cheesecake with chocolate ganache
Barbecue Pulled Chicken Sandwich. Along with French Fries and Spicy Cabbage and Cucumber. Took roughly about five hours to cook down.
Dutch Apple Pie
cookies
Chocolate Chip Cookie Club! These are with Walnuts!
making rib-cap roulade.
Neapolitan Margherita Pizza :)
Baked chicken with an olive and parsley dressing.
Sourdough
Cheese burgers
shrimp &amp; real crab ceviche tostada
Cheese &amp; Puff pastry
burger buns
Baklava babka
Grilled chicken &amp; Kielbasa sausage
Carrot cake and a vegan strawberry cupcake
Wieners schnitzel (banana for scale)
Naan topped with herbed goat cheese, date honey, pomegranate seeds, and microgreens
I made a meat and cheese board for my wife's baby shower
Low-fat Alfredo!
Handmade Pillsbury Holiday Cookies
sausage, spinach, and feta shakshuka with burrata and toast with garlic confit
Hand breaded chickens breasts stuffed with  jalapeño “poppers”
Vanilla cake, and buttercream tier cake
Pizza :)
Thin Crust Pizza
Scrambled eggs with toast, macaroni with soup and iced milk teas
Port Wine Poached Pear Almond Tart
Schnitzel with noodles (one of my favourite things)
Viral video from Egypt sparks renewed focus on Africa's COVID crisis - Africa Times
Bacon cheeseburger pasta
My attempt at making Boeuf Bourguignon.
Fried Chicken Sandwich with Pickled Jalapeños, Carrots, and Onions
- potato hash
Sourdough bread with poppy seeds
Skillet roasted vegetables topped provolone and parmesan
marinated grilled Chicken leg with rosemary red skin potatoes and chicory salad
Tried out this orange shortbread recipe that I found on a Korean cooking channel. Tasted absolutely divine, so I thought I’d share.
Flax Seeds
Pressure cooked ribs and potatoes
Turkey Pot Pie
Fried rice, egg and ham!
Mexican chicharrón chips
this delicious salad bowl and smoothie
Vanilla bean ice cream with mixed berry compote
“nice plate” that I ate yesterday (the city Nice not the word just to be clear)
Adana kebap on the grill!
Pasta Aglio e olio
Roast Lamb shoulder, potato gratin and roast vegetables
Summer salad - watermelon, cantaloupe, cucumber, jalapeño peppers, red onion, grilled halloumi cheese, mint, lime and honey
naans :D
Saftgulasch with Semmelknödel
Duck Breast in Wine Sauce with Potatoes
Jangjorim deopbab with kongjang and kimchi. Jangjorim is one of my favorite foods from my childhood. It is beef cooked in soy sauce with eggs, garlic, onion and spicy red peppers. Kongjang is black beans stewed in soy sauce and sesame oil for 5 hours. I think it’s funky enough for today.
Rice cake mandu soup
Roast Silverside of Beef, Roast Potatoes &amp; Carrots, Buttered Savoy Cabbage and Yorkshire Puddings.
Jerk chicken &amp; sriracha lime rice
Transit Police say mask enforcement challenges highlighted in viral video - News 1130
Gochujang marinaded chicken.
Steak and vegetables
Macarons
Spiced Pumpkin Soufflé
Mille-Feuille
Venison stew with Texas Toast.
Chocolate Chip Cookie
Wings: Buffalo, Honey BBQ, Sweet Thai Chili
smoked smorgasbord, including smoked pork spare ribs, smoked chicken wings, and smoked sausage
Swedish popover and "Denver" hashbrowns
Dutch Oven Bread
Spanish rice
shrimp cocktails
Fried Perch
I'm ready for Halloween with my spooky  apple pie decorated with cute little bats.
Biden tells Democrats he's willing to compromise on stimulus checks - POLITICO
Cast iron steak and egg hash
Stuffed Grape Leaves (Sarma)
Potatoes and Parmesan
Mushroom Bourguignon and Mashed Potatoes
CznBurak - Medeniyetler Sofrası - CZN DEV BURGER
braised short rib, egg, and homemade mustard on a McDonald’s style hash brown.
Ravioli tossed in truffel Butter 🤤
Best Fried Chicken 🍗 #fried_chicken #cooking_cue
fresh ground bison burger
Meringue (atop chocolate pie)
farfalle bolognese
3 Mushrooms Pizza with Cashew "Cheese" and Nachos with Tempeh "Refried Beans"
hot pot/ shabu shabu
Sage and onion stuffing balls
Mango Sorbet during a Candle Light Dinner.
Cheese board
giant ass prawns in coconut flavoured curry.
Cookies and cream cake
Banana Chocolate Chip Cake with Peanut Butter Frosting
Grilled cheese with bacon onion jam, Brie, sliced gala apple and arugula on pumpernickel with a cinnamon sugar butter on the outside.
Char Sui and wonton ramen.
Prawn fajitas
simple green curry chicken &amp; veggies
NY strip steak with cream spinach
Terry’s Chocolate Orange Brownies 😊
Chinese Sichuan Dan Dan Noodles
Braided Vanilla and Cardamom Brioche Topped With Poppy Seeds and a Honey Glaze
I made duck ramen!
Herb-Butter NY Strip Steak
Baked Feta Pasta
Chicken thigh shawarma
Atlantic salmon marinated with lemons
Turrón de chocolate
If you love pork belly but don't want to spend hours roasting or braising it, then this is your answer. This super simple method is popular among street food venders in Korea and when served with Ssamjang (Korean BBQ Sauce) makes a perfect snack.
Apple Cider Pound Cake with Cinnamon Apple Cider Glaze
An entire chicken rotisserie'd in an air fryer, crispy skin all around and all the fat rendered out into a deep pool of oil.
Popeye's Chicken Sandwich
Chicken Fritters
grilled chicken salad
Polish Braised Spare Ribs &amp; Mash
i have made  pancakes .
Apple puffed pastry roses.
My breakfast. Air-fried the potatoes and the steak is leftover from a steakhouse last night.
Make a 5 start Steak and Masonja meal
Chick-fil-A Spicy Chicken Sandwich w/ Chick-fil-A Sauce
Barbecue Ribs (with homemade BBQ sauce and rub) with Roasted Potatoes, Roasted Vegetables, Carrot, Leeks and Cabbage
eggs benedict
Salmon Wellington(?)
Smoked cherry glazed ribs
Vietnamese grilled lemongrass pork chops
Taco Cheese Cups!
Cold Soba noodles with tempura
Bếp Đỏ tinrằng với nhu cầu sản xuất lớn thì điều mà bạn quan tâm không phải một chiếc máy đẹp mà là 1 chiếc máy trộn bột mì đánh trứng phù hợp nhu cầu, công suất lớn, sử dụng được đa năng… Máy trộn bột đánh trứng 20 lít với công suất 1100W có khả năng trộn bột đánh trứng khỏe đang được khách
S'mores cake
Grilled Chicken Legs
gluten free orange chicken
Momofuku birthday cake with vanilla/graham cracker frosting and cake crumb
1990: Sensex Crosses 1,000 Points. Now It's Over 50,000. See The Journey - NDTV Profit
baked shells because...
Peking Roast Duck
shishito pepper mac &amp; cheese with fried prosciutto
Pan Pizza
Pumpkin Pie Macaron
Pepperoni &amp; mushroom pizza for Sunday
Risotto, with shrimp.
White chicken lasagna! Tons of Parmesan, mozzarella and ricotta. Spinach, roasted garlic, and 5 layers of noodles.
Pot Roast &amp; Gravy with Mashed Cauliflower/Potato
Como fazer um BOLO DE PACAMAN na Vida Real | Cozinhando ASMR Vídeos Engr...
cheese tortellini covered in homemade meat sauce and nonhomeade alfrado with homemade garlic knots
Chimichurri topped Filet, with a parsnip purée and broccolini
Roasted eggplants from the garden... these are gonna make a great baba ganoush
Made my own Bacon Cheese Fries !
My cookie tower.
Veal Roast
Rajmah
Pizza prosciutto e funghi
Chicken Matzoh Ball Soup
Chicken Stir Fry Served over White Rice
Peach pie in honor of Georgia
tacobell inspired breakfast crunchwrap
Chocolate waffles
Spaghetti Carbonara
Grilled shrimps with leek rice, roasted potatoes and citric cream
surf &amp; turf
Ham me some
Made my bf stew and mashed potaters
smoked prawns from the bbq
Giant Yorkshire pudding dinner
Yummy boiled egg Gravy
Gluten free potstickers
BIG Burger, Sweet Potatoes, Mushrooms and an Egg as Sides
Beef pot pie
Hi all, I am posting this to help my sis. She is unaware, She is a  that recently started using social media to post her recipes. She is also a cancer survivor for those who are interested although she does not mention it. If you enjoy delicious recipes please supports het on Instagram
purple sweet potato rolls
Margherita Pizza Naan
Del Monaco and Sweet Fries!
Crispy Buffalo Chicken Wings with Blue Cheese Sauce
Cute guy crashed our backyard Canadian Thanksgiving. Wore a mask and social distanced without asking. 9/10 would have him back next year.
Steamed buns aka Filipino Siopao
Just a  meal prep for my new workweek
beef Wellington
Pan seared pork chop, hassleback Yukon potato, minty mushy peas, and a blueberry balsamic and butter sauce
Sugar paste Reddit cake, for my 21st bday!
Beaver's Tail with Ice cream and whipped cream and chocolate syrup
Ribeye with compound butter, roasted brussels with mustard vinaigrette, and broccoli in alredo sauce
Japchae is a popular restaurant dish made with Glass Noodles, stir fried made vegetables and meat in a sweet and savoury sauce. It's also a great dish for anyone who loves mushrooms as much as I do. Episode 16 is up on YouTube.
Korean fried chicken wings
Onion Soup with homemade bread croutons
My take on an Croque Madame, garlic butter spinach beneath the fried ham!
leftover veggie ramen and gyozas
Sautéed salmon with baby bok choy
Korean style fried chicken sandwich
Vegetarian Lo Mein
Simple anti-frustration cake
shawarma style wrap.
Jambalaya
Food fighter: Detroit chef who fled Laos knows the pain of hunger - Detroit Free Press
Surprise Chicken Drumsticks
Salted Egg Lava Bao
English breakfast kind of
Chocolate cupcake with salted caramel frosting and crushed caramel
This was a favorite! Does anyone know where I can order this from still? Even 1-2 boxes!!
Jalapeño cheeseburger with Rosemary Parmesan fries.
Grilled 20 Oz Butcher Angus Beef Ribeye Steak, 1.5" Thick
Halloween Treats 🎃
Cornish hen with roasted potatoes and carrots
Stir fried Ling beans with shrimps .
lahmajoun
Bourbon Salmon fish taco's. With Dill sauce and fresh veggies.
Ramen, Eggs, and Ham
Raspberry &amp; Blueberry Fruit Tart *Recipe included*
Spaghetti Bolognese.
Acar - spicy pickled vegetables
Digaag Qumbe aka Yogurt-Coconut Chicken which is very similar curry. This recipe was inspired by a traditional Somalian dish.
Steamed shrimps and crabs
Samsung Galaxy Buds Pro appear in hands-on video - GSMArena.com news - GSMArena.com
Among Us: Cảnh tượng TÀN NHẪN khi Đồng Đội thành Đồ Ăn - Thánh Nấu Ăn AS...
waffles and berry sauce for breakfast
A plate of cold cuts
Spicy tonkotsu with chicken and black garlic
Scallop and Shrimp White Wine Pasta
Key lime pie with biscoff and macadamia nut crust, topped with Italian merengue.
Red Velvet Cake with Cream Cheese Icing
Sticky buns with orange zest
Beer battered fish sandwich with homemade tartar sauce and homemade ‘slaw
Hot chocolate cake
Prasad
Halal Cart style chicken and rice
Flank steak with chimichurri, roasted cauliflower, baked potato.
Frito Pie
Pear Galette w Berry Glaze
Homemade meatballs and garlic bread
Maple Bacon Donut
Cabbage Roll Soup and Frozen Butter Biscuits
CHICKEN RECIPES | So Easy Breakfast Traditional Czech Ghoulash
New York strip steaks, Sautéed green beans, mashed potatoes with beef gravy.
Jumbo Prawns, Chorizo and Lebanese bread
President Biden: Live Updates on Stimulus, Navalny and Coronavirus - The New York Times
Red Chili Garlic Tonkatsu Ramen
confetti cupcakes with swiss meringue buttercream
hot chicken sandwich with super creamy coleslaw
broiled lobster tail, merlot cheddar mac amd cheese and ceasar salad for my cake day!
Mom's apple...crumble,crisp,betty? I dunno but whatever it is, it's fantastic!
Pumpkin spice lava cake with a white chocolate cream cheese ganache sprinkled with cinnamon
Ham and potato chowder
Baked (Mashed) Potato Pizza
Roasted broccoli and onion, and Tuna Bake in the background
bento box for dinner (I can use chopsticks i just think the pink ones are cute)
Applewood Smoked Bacon
Steamed Dumplings
Tourtière with a cheddar sweet potato topping.
Smoked pork belly quesadillas with pickled red onions
Naan-pizza
omelette
Breakfast for dinner last night (peanut butter in the middle)
oregano hot dog rolls. :-)
Experimental Pasta w/ Bacon and Scallions
Thai spicy fried chicken
Mutton curry with basmati rice and lassi
Eggs, bacon and toast!
Chocolate Wreath Bread
Lemon blueberry cheesecake
Ham and Cheese Squares with apple, pineapple, and olive.
Wagyu Steak with garlic mushrooms and tomatoes.
Raspberry Rugelach
Ice Cream
/ yo comí Ceviche de camarón mixto (camarón,pulpo,cangrejo) (shrimp mix ceviche)(Shrimp,squid,crab)
Triple Chocolate Sundae!
Smoky pasta with bacon. My kids call this smoky carbonara. It disappears quickly.
Almond Sandies
Bourbon Pumpkin Cheesecake
Avocado BLT. Third piece of bread is hidden in the middle.
Filet with Nando's, Roasted Asparagus, and Dark Rum &amp; Brown Sugar Sweet Potato
Brigadeiro Lava Cake
Braised short ribs, Yorkshire puddings, mashed potatoes and roast broccoli with parmesan
How to make the perfect  cheeseburger
Spaghetti and langoustine with a langoustine bisque
Club sandwich my best
Yaki Udon Noodle Soup
I made some dirty rice tonight.
Pork Roll, Egg, and Cheese Sandwich
Smoked booty a la pork
Anythings a pp if you're brave enough
Mushroom Stroganoff with mashed Potatoes
spicy chicken sandwiches (I made everything on this plate!)
Coconut milk rice stuffed squash
Baked Shallot and Grape Balsamic ‘relish’
Ribeye with mushroom and onion, smashed potato side
honey sesame chicken w/rice
Char Siu Pork shoulder
Strawberry filling for doughnuts | Online Food Store Review
Miso marinated Black Cod
Strawberry and Peanut Butter Cup Cheesecake
Pesto chicken pizza
Korean-style fried chicken sandwich
A French Flan
Fried Yams
I never made banana bread before this. In fact, I don’t think I’ve ever made any bread before.
TACOS! 🌮
Louisiana style jambalaya
Short Rib Poutine
attempt at animal style fries.
Upside-Down Apple Cake with Ginger/Apple Hard Cider Reduction, Whipped Goat Cheese (Infused Blue Dream)
: Galette complète
Long Island bacon egg and cheeses
Lamb chops with cherry demi glace from Kefi.
Chorizo con huevo y frijoles
Valentines day cake pops!
Truffle fries and a jalapeno havarti bacon burger
A tasty burger
gochujang chicken, roasted sweet potato, sesame kale, pickled carrot + radish, rice, avocado and yum yum sauce.
Cheese-Stuffed Pull Apart Bread
Candy Cane Crème Brûlée
flatbreads with garlic three ways, butter and tomato
Bread
Spinach and ricotta ravioli with a sage butter garlic sauce and a cherry tomato and basil sauce
My attempt at a Bahn Mi sandwich!
Malteaser chocolate cake
Top: basic breaded chicken Parmesan bottom: floured fried mustard breaded chicken
Gingerbread with white chocolate
Flank Steak, Cacio E Pepe, and Oven-Roasted Cabbage
Mongolian beef with rice
POUTINE
Flank Steak Peperonata &amp; Lemon Basil Farro
mini apple tarts
Chicken Pot Pie Soup and Pepper Thyme Biscuits!
‘Gargantuan Meatball’ with Bucatini (not homemade) and red sauce.
Yaki-Soba Beef Stir Fry
rack of lamb with brie cheese + damascus risotto
Smoked St.Louis pork ribs
Spinach, tomato, zozzarella, jalapeno and egg on a homemade tea biscuit.
Seafood Cuoppo, and Crispy Focaccia Genovese
- Wasabi Avocado Toast With Nuts
Spicy Indian Dahl. Really easy to cook! If you wanna know how. take a look on me YouTube video https://youtu.be/DRk6KxrjqIA 🌸
hummus with celery, carrot and cucumber and a side of sunflower seeds
MilkBar Birthday Cake
cheeseburgers single stacked with secret sauce and grilled onions each side.
Chicken egg noodles
Jamaican Spiced Shrimp and Cheesy Grits With Onions and Capers
Pepperoni, Black Olive, &amp; Mushroom Pizza
Wagyu Flank Steak Fajita Sandwich
Cream of Mushroom
Chicken Shawarma Pizza
Strawberry youghurt choc chip muffins
Ramen attempt
Vegetable Tian
100 Layer Lasagna
Pizza with homemade sauce and Italian sausage we made from a hog we butchered.
Focaccia di Recco
Roast dinner in a Yorkshire Pudding
Smoked Short Ribs
potatoes with chicken and salad
Don’t judge till u try this  pizza
10 hour brisket
Failure  Fed to My Huskies
Singaporean curry fried rice noodles with shrimp and tofu
Bala baiana (in PT-BR)/ Bahian candy
Gingerbread
Naked Tacos!
A Classic Meatball Sub From Firehouse Subs
Buffalo Chicken Tatchos
Delicious chicken soup
Beef Brisket Rice Noodle Soup
breakfast, pan seared steak, skillet potatoes, eggs Benedict over Italian sausage, avacado fan, French toast smothered in caramelized plumotts.
Thai cod
Millefeuilles with tomatoes and lentils
Onion Bhajis (Indian street food)
Chimichanga
spaghetti, sauce, and meatballs!
foie gras, fillet steak, roast spuds with creamy mushroom sauce
Spaghetti with beef meatballs and jar pasta sauce.
Steakhouse Dinner - Cast Iron Prime Ribeye, Lobster Mac, Garlic Mash &amp; Creamed Spinach
Tortellini en Brodo
Duck fat poutine
Brigadeiros
mini pumpkin spice cheesecakes with salted caramel
braised short ribs!
Jofra Archer Ahmedabad England cricket team India 3rd Test Motera | Cricbuzz.com - Cricbuzz - Cricbuzz
Hey guys. Pls help us complete this survey on Japanese Cuisine. Pls type in "skip" on questions that do not apply. Thank you!
Lemon baked salmon, Couscous, and seasoned broccoli
Bao bun with 24 hour slow cooked pulled pork
Tri-tip, Eggs, and Rice.
beef tostada &amp; beef burrito smothered in queso!
Spooky Season Birthday Cake! It’s a dark chocolate cake with Mexican chocolate buttercream
Thanksgiving meal with smoked cornish game hens
waffles and fruit
Bacon,Green pepper and pepperoni Pizza
Pork Tenderloin and Israeli Couscous
Double Deck Grilled Cheese
avocado toast with soft boiled ege
Raspberry Chocolate Brownies
Lemon Butter Garlic Shrimp with Zucchini Noodles
Boneless Prime Rib!
Baguette with cheese, garlic, Creme fraiche
Georgian Khachapuri
oatmeal cream pies
Spicy chickpea coconut curry
Blueberry Crêpes w/ Homemade Whipped Cream
Milk/Dark Chocolate chip Muffins!
2020
Smoked Beef Ribs
spicy white wine creamy pasta
steak sandwich with tomato sauce
scrambled tofu, green bean &amp; spinach curry
roasted veggies, brown rice, tahini sauce and crushed peanuts.
Night ramen
Spicy Chicken Pasta with Sun-Dried Tomatoes
ravioli and pan fried chicken
Carnitas Enchilada Soup
Blueberry and cranberry souflé skilletcake.
Uzbek lamb plov
Garlic Shrimp Alfredo
Genesis k Tv _ recipes
sourdough bread
some of the terrific beef rib from terry black bbq in TX.
deep fried turkey per Bob and Tom's recipe
panchetta and caramelized onion pierogis
Pepperoni, jalapeño, garlic pizza
Apple Pie for my cake Day
Easy and delicious tuna tartare
Shrimp and Sausage Gumbo
chicken mole Spanish rice and green salad
Easy French Creme Brulee!
Hand dived scallops, cauliflower and scallop roe emulsion
Squash and caramelized onion tart
Pumpkin Pie Cheesecake
Saturday morning, B&amp;G!
mahi mahi tacos
some fun and delicious donuts.
Mac Daddy Burger with Mac Cheese
Lobster Mac and Cheese
Spicy Cajun pasta
Potato Galette
one more sushi
Mediterranean Spiced Salmon and Risotto with Braised Shiitake Mushrooms
Confit byaldi aka Ratatouille!
I ate Tamales
Bagaicha Thali Set
Chicken and potatos
Scrambled egg on slice of toast
Jerk Baked Chicken, Roasted Garlic Mashed Sweet Potato, and Broccoli in a light cheese sauce
Cinnamon Sugar and Chocolate Glazed Doughnuts
Cranberry and orange star cookies 😊
"" tasty oriental lunch dish, travel to Turkey with Bulgur ball
Turkish chicken kebabs with cauliflower rice
Jerk chicken double Mac
Pizza with pesto, pulled pork, red onions, kale, jalapeños, mozzarella and cheddar cheeses. And a great beer!
Labradoodle Cake
Red hot chili pasta.
Portuguese egg tarts
Yogurt Cake
Baked Mac and Cheese
Waffle with Maple Candied Bacon
Homemade Waffles with homemade whipped cream and fresh berries
Chicken Shawarma
Fasolakia lathera
Sprouts Masala
Martabak Manis: chocolate, cheese, condensed milk
Chicken salad sandwich
Schweinehaxe
Jasprit Bumrah Marriage Date: Bumrah to get married on March 14 - InsideSport
Chilli Cheese Dogs
Precooked and almost finished ricotta and spinach stuffed zucchini “cannelloni”with tomato sauce
Chike relleno and popcorn chicken pizza
marzipan fruits! Pleased with myself
apple pie about to go in the oven
Món Bánh Kem Phủ Ngọc Trai LẤP LÁNH Được Làm Từ Đồ Bale Tuyệt Đẹp | Thán...
I also made pork tamales :)
Flaky Ghee Paratha with spicy coriander infused chicken kebabs
BBQ'd steak &amp; asparagus with garlic potatoes
Claire Saffitz's Almond Poppy Seed Cake
Crispy Baked Honey Sriracha Chicken
balsamic and thyme roasted carrots
salted pumpkin seed chocolate cupcake and ginger chai
Mini Cottage Pies with a simple side salad
Traditional Mexican Taco Plate.
'Kohli messaged around 12:30 am the night we were bowled out for 36': India fielding coach reveals 'mission Melbourne' - Hindustan Times
honey / balsamic glazed duck
What Happens If COVID-19 Gets Loose in the Wild? - The Wire Science
Attempt at bluefin tuna sushi
vegan maple spiced cookies
Coconut baked halibut with black bean mango corn salad.
Spinach and Egg Quesadillas
Pizza with homemade sauce, pepperoni, mushrooms, red pepper, mozzarella and cheese
Oreos Dipped In Chocolate Pudding
lemon blueberry pound cake
Mini pumpkin pies with whipped cream
vanilla cake with chocolate buttercream
Liège Waffles (World's Fair Style)
Cold cuts and Cheese Spread
Bone In Rib Eye with Roast Sweet Potato
Stop Motion | Lấy XƯƠNG RỒNG làm Salad Và CÁI KẾT | Thánh Nấu Ăn Mukbang...
Fancy Spam
Brisket, Egg, and Cheese Sandwich
6 layer chocolate/vanilla/strawberry cake
Loaded everything bagel with home cured salmon and all the accouterments
Bakery-style chocolate chip cookies
quiche with hash brown crust, tomatoes, spinach, black olives, onions and cheddar cheese
rigatoni marinara with fried zucchini (and garlic bread)
traditional Chinese braised bass
Sri Lankan rice and curry
Chicken, zucchini and parmesan casserole
Jollibee’s fried chicken, spaghetti and peach mango pie
breakfast sausage and bacon burrito from Jake’s Roadhouse. 622 S Myrtle Ave call them at (626)599-9453
Chicken saag curry with pillau rice.
Mufaletta.
Beef Stew with Roasted Potatoes and a Mediterranean Salad
Free Sonic
Chicken with Mushrooms, Salad and Airfryer French Fries🥰
pumpkin custard donut holes
Beef Korean Fries
Meat stew on rice with rainbow vegetables
Thanksgiving Shawerma
Ancho chile and cocoa rubbed brisket
Ensaimadas de Mallorca
Rose Charcuterie
Sweet &amp; Spicy teriyaki with quick pickled cukes and pan fried matchstick carrots on a bed of jasmine rice
Nam Khao (a delicious Laotian dish)
Baked Salmon &amp; Orzo
Crème Caramel
Roasted Chicken with Pancetta &amp; Apple Stuffing and Bourbon Sweet Potato
Jamaican Beef Patties/ Empanadas
Filet Mignon with mushroom sauce
Pea, mint and feta quiche, topped with Parma ham, rocket and nigella seeds.
Wagyu Garlic Teppanyaki!
French fries (air fried) , Grilled chicken, Quinoa with other vegetables​
Antelope Shank and Cheesy Grits
Carbs with carbs. A side of carbs, and filet.
grilled Caramelized Onion and Yellow Potato pizza, with Chicken, Tomato, and Fontina Cheese
Teriyaki Chicken (and Pork) Fried Rice
split top honey wheat bread
Grilled haddock with white wine sauce
Köttbullar w/Lingonberry Jam and Mashed Potatoes
Hot cocoa bombs
Gin &amp; Tonic cured salmon tartlets with cream cheese buttercream and tonic marinated pickles
Mexican Chicken soup 🍲
Turkish Pide.
Duck magret and roasted potatoes
Artisan Bread, with EVOO, Basil, and White Anchovies
Colombian Bacon Chips
Grilled Cheese sandwich and a pickle
Green Chilaquiles with Refried Pinto Beans
Spatchcock roast chicken
pho ga, chicken pho
Braised Greek lamb, rice with mint and tarragon, cherry tomato salad and tzatziki
Chocolate brookies
Smoked Prime Brisket Cheeseburger
Cannabis infused cream puffs
Fishball noodles
Beef Wellington I made with a friend’s recipe
Smoked pork butt
Vegan Breakfast: French toast, eggs, sausage, hash browns
Hey Can Y'all Take This Questionnaire For My Thesis Class!?
Pork chop sandwiches with tater tots on the side
food of the gods, turkey twizzlers, smiley faces and spaghetti hoops. (uk)
Tasty Mango Payasam.
Bananacake with Pecan
Chotpoti
Lamb kebabs, spiced saffron rice, caramelised purple onion, steamed okra
Rose paczki, apricot bites, jagodzianki, ham and cheese sandwiches.
Friends-giving dinner
Veg Pizza
risotto with Pan fried chicken garnished with Parmigiano Reggiano
White Sandwich Bread.
Meatball sub.
""Kakkarotti/ Kunjipathal || A Malabar Iftar Special Dish
Simple but yummy chicken squares.
Balinese pork ribs with Indian lamb kofta skewers that
cookies
Mediterranean Chickpea Salad and Grilled Prawns
Sichuan spicy beef noodle soup with hand pulled noodles
Herb crusted rack of lamb with fingerling potatoes and mint greek yogurt served with a strawberry and mint sauce
Dahi Gol Gappe
Triple chocolate brownies
Korean wood-fired chicken!Woman goes viral for 'amazing' mouth-acting impressions video - shropshirestar.com
"Persian Love" Tarts.
Sloow cooked short ribs with thick whine/tomato sauce and mashed potatoes with fried onions
Balsamic Bacon Brussel Sprouts
Smoked monkfish, saffron beurre blanc, lemon vinaigrette
French toast with blueberries!
Paella night
Watermelon Salad and Croque-Monsieur
7 Cách Nấu Nước Sâm Ngon, Ngọt, Mát, Cực Kỳ Dễ Thực Hiện
Japanese curry with udon
Bone-in Grilled Ribeye
Prime Rib steaks cooked to medium rare.
Banana granola with greek yogurt
My Scallop and Prawn stir fry with veggies, think is went not bad but always room for improvement!
Italian sausage penne!.. in a wok
Coconut Cookies
Perfect Potato Wedges
double cheeseburgers
How To Make: Buttermilk and Potato Salad
healthy  breakfast recipes
chocolate chip cookies.
apple cranberry tart
Cheesecake stuffed carrot cake.
Banh Mi Burgers
hot dog and egg on English muffin breakfast sandwich
CHURRO ICE CREAM SANDWICH
fruit and cream cup
Sticky toffee pudding
Bacon Jam Barbecue Double Smashburger
strawberry cheese cake
wanna have fun with me on a live cam show just add me on... skype: live:rhea.kudo kik:pushynikki28 snap:pushynikki289 Whatsapp:+639661803647 My menu:NUDE/GFE/SEXTING/STRIPTEASE/VID...💦💦
Eggs Benedict on a Jalapeño bagel with a rosemary garnish
Pan-Seared Filet Mignon for Dinner Last Night
Sausage gravy with Flaky Biscuits
Pasta with Swedish Meatballs
Ground Beef Tacos (Pico + Cheddar + Pepper Jack + Iceberg Lettuce + Chili Pepper Sauce) Taco Bell Style
Korean Short Rib
Chinese Eggplant with Minced Pork on Noodles
chevapi with fries,yeiiyaa
I dared making an okra dish and it came out non-slimy! Family gobbled it up!
ramen ♥️
Steak and eggs and beans and homemade salsa
Just Baked my Frist bread. What Do you think?
Smoked Short Rib
Biscuit and Gravy
Welsh blue cheese hash
stir fry
Teriyaki Turkey Drumstick with Udon, Pak Choi &amp; Pickled Cabbage Stir Fry
Homegrown Garden Salad
Coconut Shrimp Risotto
tomato and basil caserecce pasta sprinkled with lots of parmesan
Rabokki (Instant Ramen + Tteokbokki)
hummus
"Six Scallion Dollar Man" Burgers
Grilled thick cut pork chop and buttered noodles.
Nothing like a Sunday morning breakfast of Tater Tots Dipped in Chocolate
I made a Vietnamese Chicken Banh Mi at work today
Pastrami, chorizo, salami, roquefort blue, pickles, spinach, black pepper mayo, on olive sourdough.
Donuts, a few days ago
Coffee Eclair - Rich &amp; Creamy Recipe
I have been scammed outta my red
Cajun butter Lobster Tail, Bacon Wrapped Filet Mignon, Jalapeño Popper, and Avocado
Chocolate Chip Banana Bread
a box of Turkish Delight candies (?) gifted to us by a Turkish coworker for Christmas. They are very tasty, though the powdered sugar ended up all over my sweater. Well worth it!
Mushroom pozole
Heart Shaped Pizza
Country Ham
These are the pancakes I cooked today
Kimchi cheese melt
French omelette with crème fraîche
mini Jamaican vegetable patties
I eat what makes me happy
PEPERRONI PIZZA
Hokkaido Uni/Mixed Fish Donburi
Anyone else?
Korean beef tacos
Pork schnitzel, spaetzel, cabbage braised in mustard.
chocolate fudge brownie sundae the six of my arm
cinnamon custard!
Huge Lasagna
Smoked Pork Belly atop NY Strip Philly Cheesesteak
French toast with bacon, golden syrup and fresh whipped cream.
Turkey, ham, stuffing, cornbread, herbed carrots, and cranberry sauce
breakfast in Serbia.
cinnamon french toast with fresh berries and a mimosa
Breakfast
Bundt Cake
Did this in food class today, really proud!
Stir-fried veggies with pasta.
I ate cheesy potato soup &amp; roast beef sandwiches
A whole wheat fettuccini al Pomodoro
Pretty light and tasty forest fruit cake "",
Surf and turf with asparagus and cheesy bacon mashed potatoes
seared and baked Chicken Breasts
Butter Chicken with jasmine rice
Butterscotch cinnamon pie!
Rump with veg
Cheese omelette, bacon and toast
puff pastry with mozzarella, red onion, figs and arugula 😍
Sous Vide Wings
Panna cotta with coconut milk and passion fruit jelly.
Curried Butternut Squash Soup Recipe
chocolate frosted cake with hazelnuts
" " हरे धनिया वाले दम आलू
Molino Pasini flour pizza.
I found white truffle and made some  pasta with it
"Limber de coco", Puerto Rican style ice cream/icee
outdoor stew
6 Cheese - Domimos Pizza
Yule log being carved 🎅
Cured and smoked beef "hams".
the fresher stir fry in Thailand
Stir-fried beef and vegetables on a rice bowl
Two, over easy eggs with melted cheddar cheese and green chiles served over two pieces of toast with some red habanero sauce to add some flavor. I had some bacon on the side for some salty, crispness.
Quesadilla, pulled chicken with homemade bbq with burbon and 3 kinds of cheese. Guac 🥑
Pork Floss Bread
focaccia
We had a craving, it’s been a while! 😍🍣
egg sandwich with smoked fisheggs from a tube on hardbread. we Swedes love this
garlic naan which was beautiful
Organic banana bread w walnuts and goji berries.
Home made pizza
Peanut butter blossoms
Orange-almond syrup cake.
grilled cheese cheeseburger.
Coconut Flour Bread With Sage &amp; Rosemary
Carne Asada Nachos (leftovers)
Korean Gochujang Stew
Cajun potato wedges
Shakshuka and rye bread.
Moroccan Berber Couscous
Sauerkraut
You know what’s up
Nepali pork momos and tomato sesame chutney
Apricot Cream Cheese Thumbprint Cookies
Shakshuka / Baked Eggs / Creme Fraiche / Turkish Bread
Baked enchiladas =&gt; migas
Classic burger
Caprese Charcuterie
Tiramisu speculoos raspberry
Aloo Tikki Chaat

I made beefaroni, using rotini elbows, ground beef, and a can of tomato sauce.
Moroccan Lamb Pizza
Chicken tikka masala, saag paneer, cheese pakora with garlic naan
Spooky chocolate cake (sliced)
Peach egg tarts with oatmeal crust
Orange Cream and Mixed Berry Bingsu with a Drizzle of Espresson Balsamic
Matcha Cotton Sponge Cake
Croquembouche with craquelin-topped choux and vanilla pastry cream
Sushi Tower
Mapo tofu
Cheesy Potato Bake
Bagel Breakfast
Somtam - Thai style spicy papaya and mango salad
Me and the boys successful try
Sweet &amp; spicy beef jerky
hamburger taco pie
Nian Gao (Stir-fried sticky rice cakes) :))
Rosemary &amp; olive oil bread
Molten Lava Cake with Raspberry Sauce
Burning Flat Noodles
Ethiopian food called keta
Dippy eggs, sourdough toast, and bacon
beef noodle soup and spring rolls
Rainbow Cake with French buttercream, raspberry filling and vanilla layers... a 4-year old birthday girl’s dream!
CHICKEN CORDON BLEU LASAGNA - LOW CARB, GLUTEN FREE
Barbacoa Taco
Spinach, cauliflower and carrot soup for the soul
Banana Chocolate Croissant
Chicken &amp; Lavender Fettuccine | sage brown butter sauce, roasted figs, goat cheese, honey
“” Brioche Bread
Tagliatelle w/ a Provençal &amp; Rosemary Sauce.
Fajitas!
Spaghetti al nero di seppie (Squid Ink Pasta)
Tuna Poke Bowl
Tampa-style Yellow Rice and Black Beans with Roast Chicken Thighs
Blueberry Cheesecake Bars
Bone-in pork chop with Brussels sprouts
I made scotch quail eggs. Soft boiled quail eggs, wrapped in sausage and thyme, floured egg’d breaded and fried. Turned out so good!
I made bagels. One of them turned out as a bungel.
Quarantined so I am emptying the pantry. Orecchiette w/ preserved lemon and artichoke. Lupini beans
Chocolate Hazelnut Toffee
Five guys
Broiled Lobster
Sausage Stuffed Acorn Squash
Prime steak with vegetables
High Quality Top Healthy Mеxісаn Fооd Mеxісаn Fооd is a style оf food thаt bеgаn in Mеxісо, аnd is wіdеlу known fоr іtѕ vibrant flavor and аmаzіng dесоrаtіоn.
homemade snow day charcuterie board
cheddar boule
Fall charcuterie boards
this incredible chicken pesto dish from the wonderful Horsefeathers in Tarrytown!
Crab Legs + Old Bay Biscuits
Would You Like to Know Exactly What to Eat to Lose Fat and Get Healthy Without Giving Up Your Favorite Foods or Starving Yourself? staying home during pandemic caused a lot of fat to much peoples , specially we spend the day staying and working on desk ect ...
bacon spinach eggs, avocado, cheddar, and Cholula tacos
a vegan burger
Butter Masala Chicken
“French onion soup” grilled cheese
Garlic and cherry tomato pasta
pan roasted chicken thighs finished in the oven with roasted veggies. Simple yet delicious
Pasties
Chicken Parmesan on top of Quinoa with a side of roasted vegetables
No bake choco nutty bites
Steak platter - The Chester Arms, Oxford, UK
Chocolate Peanut Butter Cheesecake!
butter garlic Naan
Double Chocolate Brownies
Lemon Curd Raspberry Cake with White Chocolate Buttercream 🍋
Pan seared salmon with garlic asparagus and mushrooms and mashed potatoes
Upside-down Blood Orange Maple Thyme Cake
Meatballs,mashed potatoes, peas and cranberry jam
Niboshi (anchovy flavour) tonkotsu ramen
Napoletana Pizza with homemade mozzarella, roasted red peppers, kalamata olives, artichoke hearts, all on top of pepperoni and a red sauce. 68% hydration dough.
Seared salmon with spinach and herb mashed potato, green beans and fried prosciutto.
Crab stuffed tilapia, asparagus, and lemon buerre blanc
Nồi nấu nước dùng là sản phẩm không thể nào thiếu nếu bạn muốn nấu bún, phở, hủ tíu… Nồi 50L dùng điện liền của Bếp Đỏ với thiết kế đẹp mắt, chất liệu inox 304 chuẩn đang được khách hàng toàn quốc tin dùng. Những lý do mà bạn nên sử dụng ngay nồi nước dùng 50L sẽ có ngay sau đây.
Taglierini and Tomato Meat Sauce
In-n-Out Burger 3x3, Protein Style, Animal Style
Phad Kaprao Gai
Sardines Pasta with Toast Garlic Bread
Rigantoni in a chunky sauce of eggplants, carrots, onions, tomatoes (sun dried n vine-ripen), pancetta, minced beef, touch of mascarpone
Korean Kimchi-and-Noodle Stir-Fry
Red Thai Curry with Chicken
cake for my dad’s birthday!
Kimbap with smoked salmon, cucumber, carrot, egg, and some spring onion
veggie fritters
Wholemeal pita bread
Valentine's Day Cinnamon Rolls
Creamy chicken and dumplings
Steak and sweet potatoes with garlic and curry aioli dipping sauce.
Burger night is Allright.
togarashi fries with kimcheese and chili ketchup
King Trumpet Mushroom Toast
Mafaldine
Beef and Chorizo chili
Sweet potato, butternut squash cheesecake topped with pecan caramel
seafood tofu soup
Butternut Squash and Gorgonzola Ravioli
Korean jjajangbap (black bean sauce and rice) with stir-fried Chinese eggplant and pickled radish
Seared salmon chirashi with avocado.
Lamb scotch egg, curry, pickled radish
Chinese sausage and century egg rice pot
Fresh lobster roll at What The Fish in Islamorada, FL
Coffee Dessert ""
L A Y E R S  sushi bake. Rice, imitation crab with spicy mayo, salmon &amp; spam topped w/ roe, green onion &amp; unagi sauce
Eggplant Parmesan!
Poke bowl love
lebkuchen, a German gingerbread like cookie
almond cookies Singapore
No meat Raman for lunch
St. Louis gooey butter cake
lemon cake with strawberries and chocolate
Salmon Teriyaki
Vanilla biscuit recipe ?
Salmon steak on Green Beans
Chocolate espresso cupcakes with pumpkin spiced buttercream.
Puri (made from wheat dough) and potato Sabzi (rich onion and tomato gravy with spices) and semolina pudding.
Grand Jury turns away from charges against officers who shoved man in viral video - WBFO
Au gratin potatoes
Taco / Nacho / Burrito - meat and bean mix
Meethi Seviyan
Amateur Charcuterie Board
Sous Vide Sirloin Steak
Lox with pickled red onions
Smoker chicken with holy voodoo rub!
Doritos &amp; Mountain Dew Ribs
Smoked salmon with cream cheese on a bagel
Quiche,shrimp bruschetta, and fruit parfait.
nutritious and delicious eggplant pita
Reverse Seared Prime New York Strip.
Sweet Potato Pecan Bread with Spiced Sugar Crust
Breakfast Sandwich with Steak Egg and Cheese on English Muffin
potatoes au gratin
Gansitos (Mexican snack cake, Filled with strawberry jelly &amp; crème, covered in chocolate)
Sous vide tilapia fish tacos
Breakfast pizza with giant blueberries
Carrot Cake for a Golden Birthday. Hand carved carrot roses.
Pork Milanese
chocolate tart! Chocolate graham crust, chocolate filling, chocolate ganache topping. I call it, death by chocolate 😊😋
Goodest dog likes to go on the subway :)
Parmesan-crusted Caprese grilled cheese on homemade sourdough &amp; creamy tomato soup w/ pecorino shaving and basil
Charcuterie Board I made for my 21st Birthday!
Fruit salad
BREAD MADE FROM FLOUR
Red Beet Gnocchi
Quiche with tomatoes, sautéed onions, broccoli, spinach, parsley, scallions, jalapeños, bacon, pulled pork, and 3 different types of cheeses.
Hamburgers
Animals on sugar cookies
English muffins
Meals that are based on personal food preferences to make your diet enjoyable and help them stay on track with your plan.
Crispy duck fried rice with pickled mustard
Spicy Pork Tonkotsu Ramen
spaghetti bolognese with cheese stuffed meatballs
German meatballs "Königsberger Klöpse"
poke bowl with salmon
Short rib stew
GF blueberry and cinnamon bread pudding with a cinnamon crumb topping
baked cheesecake! It’s pumpkin and maple
Christmas Eve charcuterie board I made
Chili Con Carne with Feta Cheese
Steak &amp; Provolone with tater tots
New York deli egg sandwich
Roasted up this bad boy earlier today, can't wait to give it a shot
Steak, ale and Stilton pie
Dutch baby pancake
fried plantains
Best mom ever
Braised Short Ribs with reduction over mashed potatoes
soondubu
Scallops with Creamy Corn and Bacon - Happy Early Valentine's Day Reddit
Cranberry tart with candied rosemary &amp; cranberries
48 Hour Sourdough
Steak, Guinness, morel and button mushroom pie
Korean garlic bread
brioche French toast
- Huckleberry bread with lemon glaze
general tso’s chicken over rice
Thai Drunken Noodle (Pork)
Cajun Shrimp Pasta with Sausage
Bûche De Noël (Yule Log) with homemade meringue mushrooms and sugared cranberries and rosemary
Wagyu steak sandwich with roasted garlic, melted Emmentaler and Gruyère cheese with white wine, on a fresh buttered ciabatta roll.
steak au poivre with mashed potatoes!
24 hour smoked Brisket with Fire roasted poblano pepper Mac and cheese, burnt onion bbq sauce and corn bread.
Low Calorie, Super high Protein, Low weight, healthy meal All in one
Potatoes Bravas
Piadina trend
Filet Mignon, Twice Baked Potatoes, Asparagus
Pulled lamb
Cauliflower "Nachos"
Double Cheeseburger with Bacon, Grilled Onions, And Avocado
French onion soup
Nashville hot chicken sandwich and fries!
Alfredo pasta with chicken sausage and peppers.
Carnitas Burrito
waffle (not frozen) with Ube butter. Ugly but super duper uber delicious 🤤
Grilled ribeye, crispy potatoes, and asparagus
Lettuce chicken chop suey 🍗
Fresh pasta bolognese
Trying to get into cooking with simple steak and rice with onions.
Red Fettuccine Shrimp.
Grilled ham &amp; cheese
3 hours slow cooked pork butt on Apple wood
crepes as breakfast
Kenjis no knead bread.
Southern Style Meatloaf with mashed potatoes and string beans.
BBQ pork pizza with red onions and cilantro :)
Pupusas with bean and cheese
Alicha Wat with sides of buttermilk cottage cheese and carrots &amp; potatoes, garnished with jalapeño relish.
Chicago Teachers Union agree to reopening deal for in-person learning - Fox News
teriyaki chicken and fried rice.
Chicken Broccoli Bake
Grilled Chicken Tendorloins
Big cats in nasty fight, video goes viral - Gulf Today
Chocolate and walnut cookies
Roast Beef Dinner
Fried salmon/avocado sushi rolls 🥰
teriyaki sauce chicken thighs white rice and broccoli.
Double Smash with Home Cured Bacon.
Round steak and cream potatoes.
Christmas Le Pain
Chicken, carrot, potato &amp; cream of chicken foil packets. Chocolate pudding mountain pies.
For lunch I made egg curry (kadhai chicken style) and coriander leaves-cumin-ghee rice
Steak, rice and asparagus
oat sourdough, no casing pork sausages, fried egg and salad (butter and dressing not in pic)
goat cheese burger with hash brown
a delicious spread!
“” Thin crust pizza
Awesome cookies by  u/AdoroDesserts!
beef kofta cousous
Pan Seared Red Snapper topped with Blue Crab Meat
Pork Chops with Hot Cherry Peppers
Rösti with ham, racelette cheese and fried egg.
Blackbean Pork mince, Tomato and Egg with garlic, Bok Choy with Oyster sause. Served with steamed rice
I build fake product ideas and today I made a way to blow out candles in 2020.
More Chili
Aburi Wagyu (Charcoal seared Kagoshima A5 (9+) Wagyu, garlic soy, fried leek)
anniversary cake with my attempt at icing flowers
flan/pudding
Savory Oatmeal With Smoked Chicken Cooked With Garlic, Green Onion, and Chilis
Egg Roll in a Bowl
“PB&amp;J” Roast Duck, Cashew Butter and Pepper Jelly in NOLA.
900g tomahawk steak, béarnaise sauce &amp; chips
Peanut Butter Cracker Tower
Patacon
Spaghetti with meatballs
pork belly burnt end tacos
Roasted Garlic Hummus bi Tahini and Pita Chips.
Bacon Cheddar Buttermilk Biscuits
5pm hangover breakfast burger on an english muffin.
【Short Version】Cheese Pork Cutlet | Littlechef's Korean Cheese Katsu
Roll Turkey. New favorite!
Get $500 at McDonalds lottery giveaway.. You get paid for survey question and you stand a chance to get A whole YEAR Free FOOD all you have to do is click and register.. @McDonalds lottery is available for all USA🇱🇷 resident... You get free food without paying for a year 😃😋😋...
Roast Leg of Lamb!
Pepperoni pizza, homemade crust and sauce.
Bibimbap with pickled carrots, spinach cooked in sesame oil, bean sprouts and shiitake mushrooms
2 Fantastic Free Keto Cookbooks
labne and egg breakfast
Fish and chips, clam strips and shrimp cocktail
double smoked ham before glaze applied
Crispy Chicken Fingers with  breadcrumbs
Cwwisspy Sheet Pan Chix Tenders with Arby’s style French Fries
Tahchin with chicken.
plant-based Thanksgiving meal!
Wagyu Tri-Tip with Fries &amp; Truffle Mayo
Pan-fry Dumplings
Chocolate hazelnut mousse cake
best dinner ever
Italian Loaf
goulash
SWEET CORN FRITTERS (Perkedel Jagung) | MOM RECIPE
Chuck roast with carrots and potatoes
Bang Bang Shrimps
lemon pepper slow roast chicken
Baked pork ribs in foil, put brown surgar and bbq rub. After 2 hours, took meat drippings and reduced to a tick consistency in cast iron pan to make bbq sauce.
Sesame Garlic Ramen Noodles
Grilled Pesto Caprese Sandwich Fixings
- Cheesecake with Cranberry Decoration
Brown butter salmon with mashed potato and Gherkin..
Kabob &amp; Rice
Fried chicken sandwich and home fries
zhajiangmian?
Chicken Sandwhich
Salted chocolate ganache and salted caramel topped fudge
Chicken &amp; Beef Street Tacos
Brown Butter, Chocolate Chip Oatmeal Cookies (infused Chem Dawg/CBD Kush)
Twice baked loaded mini red potatoes
Pork belly and beer
Lotus Biscoff Cheesecake
Peas &amp; Carrots
sourdough pizza with prosciutto fig and arugula
Coconut Shrimp, Avocado mousse, mango rice
fried rice fired egg and shrimp ""
wholemeal fusilli and herbs and chilli flakes crusted salmon
poached eggs on mushroom toast with pickled mustard seeds
Hobbit Day Feast Part 7: Supper - tater stew, fried apples, chicken pot pie, cheddar biscuits
Fresh lobster roll
Breakfast Of Champs
Soup (phò style) with smoked pork.
Tom Yum Tilapai ( Thai style)
Pecan Pie!
Scallops with asparagus and wild mushrooms
strawberry and cream no bake cheesecake
Noods &amp; shrimp.
Tantanmen
Black forest cake
Croissant Smash burger with truffles, American cheese and aioli
Cajun Cauliflower
Simple Teriyaki Chicken over Rice
Mapo Tofu (Tofu and minced meat in Sichuan spicy sauce)
Vegan beef, broccoli, &amp; rice
Mac &amp; Cheese Made With Aged Smoked Cheddar
Lionel Messi: Viral video shows Barcelona star humiliating teammates - GIVEMESPORT
Yummy
Bún Thịt Xào
Chicken Bhuna Masala
Thai Coconut Chicken
Knife-cut Noodles with Mushrooms and Fried Tofu
Rolade with spinach am salt potatos
Spicy stir fry
Eggs on melted cheese, and tomatoe salad.
It’s that season again.  pork ramen.
a lil bacon egg and cheese bagel
Chocolate Banana Cake with Chocolate Ganache
Improvised ramen-ish
a chicken wing bone cornpuff
seafood paella
A bunch of dumplings
Gochujang Roasted Chicken
pizza dough!
Tantanmen Ramen
Yummy  noodle salad
Smoked wild Trout on toast w a honey and mustard mix.
Soft boiled quail scotch eggs
Tuna ceviche, Tuna tartare with peanut butter, Tacos with veal tempura and marinated pork rib.
Triple Chocolate Cookie Brownies.
Here my Christmas Menu
Salt &amp; Pepper Wings
Unlimited YouTube + 25GB HD streaming only for Rs 249+
Poffins from Pokemon Platinum!
Shakashuka
Chai hot chocolate spheres with toasted marshmallow, just add milk!
Pizza dough
bologna sandwich
homemade pizza
Green bean casserole, cornbread, mac and cheese, cranberry salad, bean salad, dinner rolls, mashed potatoes, chicken and turkey gravy, roast chicken, cranberry salad, roasted vegetables, pumpkin pie, BBQ seitan "ribs", and snack packs
Turkey chili with sourdough toast, garnished with Greek yogurt and pickled jalapeños
Attempt at Arancini
Charcuterie Boards
These roast potatoes were unbelievable  Victoria sponge with raspberry jam and buttercream
sour cream chive pull-apart rolls
Smoked Chicken Sandwiches
You guys hungry! 🤤👏😻
‘20 pepperoni, olive, shallot NY pie
Huevos Rancheros w/ Refried Black Beans
My moms presentation for tonight’s dinner.
https://ift.tt/2Y4SuID
Italian Cannelloni !
A Dutch Baby pancake with fresh strawberries, blueberries, and banana. And a side of bacon. 🥓
HẦM NHỪ các nhân vật TOY STORY thành SÚP?? Thánh Nấu Ăn ASMR Stop Motion...
I made sous vide Brant Lake wagyu ribeye, with roasted dill carrots and cider braised onions.
Minced Bread Egg Mix
Egg &amp; Potato Curry
Chinese Steamed Buns
Beef brisket burger
Sausage pepperoni pizza
buttermilk pancakes with chocolate chips!
Reverse Puff Pastry Pizza
sausage with rice
Orange rolls
London broil, Swiss cheese, horseradish toasted in oven
Polish Faworki and pączki
Savory Breakfast Bowl
Salty Dog vodka cocktail
“Gravy Eggs Benedict” (Pan-fried patties of leftover stuffing, poached egg, gravy)
Cheesecake - bottom hazelnuts and dates, middle stracciatella, top cheese with freeze-dried blueberry powder
Parmesan crusted chicken, garlic butter Couscous, and Lemon pepper carrots.
Orange Scones
m&amp;m chocolate chip cookies!
pico! Tomatoes and sour cream to top!
I accidentally made 25 pies instead of the 12 I signed up for for a fundraiser and then I accidentally forgot four in the fridge so here’s 21 pumpkin pies I made today.
Just pancakes!
a Sicilian Cannolo filled with Ricotta - in Sheffield, UK
an itsy bitsy, teeny weeny little piece of pizza..
Double dipped, double seasoned panko mozzarella sticks
Steak and risotto
Mango cheesecake with mango ice-cream
Made this South Indian thali on a whim
Carmel Latte Christmas cupcakes
Salmon, risotto and vegetables.
Kinder bueno cheesecake
Papdi Chaat
Gnocchi with fresh pesto
FRIED RICE WITH BEEF AND BABY CORN - When there is cold rice, you want to make an extremely delicious dish quickly, do not miss Fried rice with beef and baby corn. Soft sweet corn with nutritious beef will create a wonderful meal.
Cheeseburgers
Butternut squash penne with sausage and crispy sage
Sweet and Spicy Sticky Honey Soy Chicken Wings
Pan Fried Kielbasa and Scrambled Eggs with Syrup Soaked French Toast
SUSHI Cooked at home
Chimichurri
chorizo and al pastor tacos
@DUCKFAT in Portland, ME.  fries fried in duck fat with duck fat poutine
Spicy BBQ wings I made last night.
Chicken cheese croissants
Mooncakes six ways
homemade Pici pasta with fennel, chilli and caper tomato sauce
Creamy tuscan chicken pasta
Air fried garlic parmesan tater tots!
Onion Bhaji to go with Goan curry
Crab Cake Benedict w/ aged red pepper hot sauce
fettuccine Alfredo with beef sausage and garlic bread. 🤤
Goat cheese stuffed and prosciutto wrapped chicken breast with parm eggplant medallions, asparagus and rice
Spaghetti with shrimps
Pork wonton soup
Courgette, cheese and chive muffins.
Spaghetti aglio e olio
Spanish Porco Iberico Bacon
Garlic butter asparagus, prosciutto, broiled herb haddock, poached egg and hollandaise sauce.
Steak &amp; Potatoes
BLT on toasted sourdough
chicken tikka pizza
Rice with French beans, Tomato chutney, Bengal gram daal and rice kheer on a banana leaf.
Good afternoon Reddit foodies - we need a favour! Working with a friend on a really exciting  project and we need your help with a short survey around online food and recipe content. All input appreciated, we just want to gather your honest views. Big thank you in advance! :)
Salad Nicoise
- NY Style Bagels
Austrian Curd Cheese Dumplings
Tasty's Strawberry Crepe Cake
Mocha cake with mocha butter cream, with a hidden oreo chocolate center and chocolate ganache on top.
Juicy Oven Baken Chicken Breast
Campfire Grilled Lamb
Brioche burger buns
Giant pain au chocolat
Steak Frites with Pumpkin Puree
Sandwich for lunch. Ft. Chick-fil-A sauce.
Sometimes you just have to treat yourself during quarantine
Vanilla bean ice cream with a mixed berry compote
confit byaldi
Brand new dutch oven. Chuck steak with veggies and jalapeno cornbread.
Snail pretzels aka SNETZELS!
Handmade pasta with sausage ragu and pecorino cheese
Pan-seared scallops in butter lemon caper sauce + risotto
Tator-Tots and Cheese Sauce
Breakfast yakisoba
bacon-wrapped chicken and vegetables
9-year-old from Pensacola captures Alicia Keys’ heart after video goes viral on TikTok - WPLG Local 10 chocolate egg icecream cake
Enchilada Stuffed Jumbo Shells
spicy fried chicken sandwich
Pistachio Pesto Chicken Sandwich
Smoked Brisket and Kimchi Fried Rice
chicken and broccoli
Yellow Lentils|Yellow Dal
Grilled Cheese for lunch
15 bean soup
Woman In Viral Series Of TikTok Videos Finds Secret Room In New York City Apartment - CBS New York
baghrir (algerian pancakes)
Vegetable barley soup
Reverse seared sirloin steak with Cornish flake salt, sweet potato fries and fresh salad
Jerusalem Kugel
Smoked cheddar cheeseburger
Crispy chicken bao
Afghan-Style Bean Curry
Linguine and clam sauce
Challah for Sabbath
cast iron skillet cheese pizza
Remix Bowl and Rosé, Mint, Apple &amp; Lime Sangria
smoked salmon avocado toast
Smoked Lemon Jerk Texas Redfish..🐟🐟
Barbequed tri tip and artichoke with roasted potatoes
Scrambled Eggs (Eggs, Egg Whites, Zucchini, Spinach, Tomatoes, Feta and Greek Yogurt)
cheddar &amp; carmelized onion burger
Taiwanese Braised Beef Noodles
Pulled pork brioche buns for lunch
White Chocolate Molasses Cookies
chocolate chip cookies
Frying pan Kebob
Chicken Koobideh (grilled ground meat) served on buttered rice with roasted barberries
attempted omurice...kinda failed
Rack of lamb, flakey bread, and Mediterranean salad
Seafood and sausage paella, yummm
lasagna made by my mom this week ✨This super delicious
Hot and Cold Japanese food
Mushroom barley soup
Sliced provolone and turkey pepperoni omelette, on a plate I've clearly started eating on, with lemon iced tea.
pasta sauce with green peppers
beef bourguignon pot pie
Turkey soup and turkey salad with hot sauce and a glass of whole milk
3 Chili Grilled Cheese
fried pomfret with with lemon garlic butter sauce
Grilled Ham and Cheese with Dijon Mustard
Chicken Marsala Ziti Bake and "Heavenly God Biscuits"
Pumpkin soup, garlic breads, toasted pumpkin seeds
Gruyere soufflé
Tomato Parmesan pasta with Parmesan crusted chicken
Rabbit leg with vegetables
Kinder no bake traybake
sticky wings and fries
Ramen w/ soy eggs &amp; Doritos crusted chicken thighs
New Year’s Eve appetizers
breaded chicken topped with bruschetta, arugula, mozzarella, and balsamic glaze
New York style bagels
tuscan mac and cheese
Turkey Pot Pie!
chocolate creme pie with butter rum chanti.
Lamb burger w/buffalo seasoning and sea salt.
Smoked Brisket, the start of something delicious!
Perfectly rare and sloopu
Hawaiian Spam Musubi
Thanksgiving Feast
Red Sauce and Meatballs on a bed of spaghetti.
today is my 24th and I finally aced fried chicken
Rice Dish
Club w/ Dot’s pretzels
Breakfast Sweet Potato Hash w/ all the goodies
Neapolitan-ish Pizza
Swedish Kladdkaka also know as a sticky chocolate cake. Perfect for every occasion.
cheese and veggie muffins
dragonfruit yogurt parfait
7-11 Pizza - Surprisingly Good
croissant stuffed with cannoli creme
Basmati rice bowl with spinach, honey sriracha Brussels sprouts, sesame ginger broccoli, grilled steak &amp; ahi tuna with citrus ginger dressing
Simple grilled chicken, grilled Portobello mushrooms and golden beet mashed potatoes.
Rosemary Breadcrumb Crusted Lamb with Roasted Garlic Mashed Potatoes and Green Beans
Chocolate pot de creme with a buckeye
chicken fried steak and buns
Eggs benedict. Homemade muffins, hollondaise, chicken made the eggs, piggy made the bacon.
Roasted cauliflower, colored carrots and, potatoes with a New York strip.
Homefries pepper onion and jalapeños with my best fried egg ever. Def not a PRO
Steak, brown rice, and broccoli... nothing fancy but definitely delicious!!
scrambled eggs.
vegetarian taco
Laughing while learning to cook! I ate homemade Veggie Burgers with chef Gabe!
Deep Fried Spicy Chicken Mozarella Meatballs
"Uhhh... excuse me..."
Microchip Cookies.
Always wanted to try making Old-Bay Cornmeal Fried Chicken and it turned out incredible.
Chuck Roast
Prawn tempura
homemadeSalisbury steak in baby bella mushroom gravy with buttermilk mashed potatoes, courtesy of my spouse.
KHÓ NUỐT Vì Món Súp Được Làm Từ Các Loại Vũ Khí QUÁI DỊ Thánh Nấu Ăn St...
Christmas crack!
Grilled cheese (or melt idk) with Muenster, bacon, onions and chives
Oreos
NYE Dinner Surf &amp; Turf
Detroit Style Pepperoni Pizza
Batter fried "chicken of the woods" - mushroom with the texture of chicken breast
Braised beef shanks with mashed potatoes and carrots
valentine's day cakes
Turkey breast braised in a shallot jalapeño cream sauce with steamed yucca
Cacio e pepe
Egg balls
fresh sushi in Mexico
Bourbon Apple Pie Cake! Bourbon-soaked spice cake, pie crust, apple pie filling, homemade caramel sauce, toasted pecans, and vanilla bean/bourbon buttercream
some bomb meatloaf mashed potatoes corn and cranberry sauce😋🔥
Strawberry Mousse Tart #cooking_cue .
Apple Strudel
Pork Belly Ramen with a chicken broth 😋
Jalapeno and Cheddar Cheese Bagels
French toast with 2 types of cheeses, salami and sriracha
Chinese food
- Potato Hash
truffled scrambled eggs with prosciutto, fresh truffle &amp; caviar
blackberry dutch baby
Kimchi Omelette Avocado Toast Sando
grilled honey-buffalo chicken tacos with greens + slaw + avocado + pickled onions
*Insert Garfield gif*
Doggo wants so much to go swimming
Valentine’s Day Beef Wellington challenge!
My Italian Fusion Styled Russian Black Bread! =D
Oven Roasted Apple Cornbread Stuffed Chicken
Blueberries, peaches, and sesame seeds dessert.
Chocolate and hazelnut baklava.
Kimchi Jjigae
some boiled eggs later... I finally mastered the technique!
“Cows in a Blanket” with leftover smoked brisket and jalapeño
Duck, oyster dressing, mashed potatoes, gravy, asparagus, and rolls
Hama Hama Oysters
Vichy Glazed Carrots and Tahdig
Miso and lemon sous vide salmon over rice.
Sushi/Sashimi platter.
Carbonara, with tenderstem broc, chestnut mushrooms and pecorino
Chocolate Chunk Cookies
Dutch-Oven Bread
https://ift.tt/36n93Ej
cranberry tart
Iclandic Pumpkin Parfait
brunch. Chorizo, eggs with mozzarella, Good seed bread, avacoda.
Steak and Eggs
GUEST COLUMN | Pulling the curtain back on food delivery services | By Jodi Janisse-Kanzenbach - washingtoncountyinsider.com
Turkish Manti
Bourbon &amp; Brown Sugar Crockpot Beans, Wieners &amp; Bacon with a Runny Egg &amp; Hot Sauce
Rice pudding w raisins. Comfort food.
मूंगफली और काजू की कतली Peanuts &amp; Kaju Burfi Recipe
Grilled lamb chops, cauliflower sformato, black kale, salsa romagnola
Steak on a baguette with arugula and havarti
Gnocchi with a sauce of anchovy, garlic, baby spinach, chili, cherry tomatoes and cream. Topped with grated parmesan.
filet mignon
Chicken &amp; Mango Curry
American Style Pancakes, Banana, Peanut Butter and Raspberry jam filling.
Borscht with braised beef shank broth topped with mushroom dill dumplings
milkshake&amp;doughnut&amp;ice-cream
Snickerdoodles
Tuna melt lunch
Pressed foie gras and eel
Сolored dumplings
Al Pastor skewered with fresh pineapples
Salmon and Carpaccio
Sweet and Salty King Salmon and Lemon Peppered rice.
white chocolate raspberry swirl cheesecake
Crunchwrap Supreme
when I saw the errant garlic slice, I had to add the scallion eyes
Fresh fettuccine with smoked salmon and whisky cream
Taki fried rice
Confit byaldi pre-bake - no mandolin edition
mahi mahi fish tacos.
Israeli chicken kebab with rice+quinoa, cucumber+tomato, pickled radish, and tehina sauce with a side of garlic toum and hummus
Shrimp roast
Rosemary &amp; Garlic Fondant Potatoes &amp; Butter Basted Ribeye w/ Crispy Shallots
heirloom tomato quiche
tacos de birria
fried catfish
Breakfast Triangle Tortilla Thing
instant pot cookies n creme cheesecake
Chicken thigh taco
Cherry Tamarillo Salad with Lemon Thyme
in the making. There's perfect food, and perfect pictures of food. But this picture is perfect because my 5 year old boy made the best pancakes I've ever tasted.
Bacon and eggs on toast
Crepe with tart cherries and honey cream.
Chocolate cake
Asian noodle soup
kippers, scramble and rye
Tbone steak, peppercorn sauce, grilled tomatoes onions and mash
Mixed salad with baked sweet potato, chicken, avocado, cucumber and corn.
Mapo tofu with pork
Air Fried 3 Way Empanadas
Shredded beef burrito
Mushroom n cheese omelet
snails in Carcassonne, France
Spicy Garlic Butter Shrimp w/ Sliced Sourdough (Toasted)
Buttermilk fried chicken.
Russian Okroshka + aperol spritz ... belissimo xD
pork and cabbage boazi
Healthy &amp; Hearty Turkey Chili
Ginger-Molasses cookies with orange zest
Healthy Nachos with beans and vegetables
Sushi Cake
risotto with mushroom and bellpepper in white wine with mussels and carrots
Jerked ribs
Duck Leg Confit with Potato Gratin and Water Spinach
Donut Burger (cinnamon/red pepper flake patty, thick cut bacon, Gouda cheese, on glazed donut)
Crispy chicken thigh with mixed mushroom rice, roasted asparagus, and Madeira wine sauce
Grilled ducks
Lemon Juice | Limu Pani | Shikanji | Lemon Drink | Nimbu Pani | Mint Margarita | شکنجی
Mussels in a cider and cream sauce
Creamy grits with sharp cheddar and rosemary infused brown butter, topped with shrimp, chorizo, and diced Rosette de Lyon red wine sausage
ramen with extra cheese and two eggs...at 10:30pm
Garden Pineapple Heirloom Tomato Caprese Salad
chicken bowl w/ guacamole
Crab Stuffed Mushrooms
: This isn't just any self-isolation-lockdown-Brexit-Christmas-Chocolate-Pudding...
Cheezy Pizza
Turkey spatchcocked and cherry wood smoked
Texas winter storm: Here's where you can get free food and water Friday in Houston area - KTRK-TV
Chicken tenders
Pasta e Fagioli
Adani Wilmar pauses cooking oil ads featuring Sourav Ganguly - The Indian Express
Butter Chicken
Beer-brined, Lemon-Garlic Parm Chicken Wingies
Thai Fish Cakes
Fickle pickle, mozzarella, butter garlic base, and now with prosciutto.
Slutty Brownie!
(Homemade) Bibimbap with gojuchang and sesame oil drizzle
Mantu
Gochujang noodles, sliced pork, zucchini, 6 minute egg
Moroccan Khobz Bread
Beef stew.
deserts. What do you think?
Caramelized garlic butter wild oyster and maitake mushrooms over sushi rice topped with furakaki
Charcoal Grilled Chicken Tikka
Chinese sausage fried rice, just like mom’s!
2 Cheeseburgers
Bacon fat roast potatoes with smoked paprika Aioli
Ham and cheese Toast
Honey Dijon Rosemary Chicken Thighs with Smashed Red Potatoes, Sautéed Mushrooms &amp; Roasted Asparagus
Phở Gà
Latte Art
lamb and spinach curry underway
Pavlova &amp; Strawbs
About to throw this in the oven.... now we wait for about 2 hours and 30 minutes or so.....
Super crispy fries
also home raised and processed. This broad breasted bronze Tom weighed 42 lbs live and 36 lbs dressed out. Too big for the oven, so we smoked him with apricot wood from our garden after a 36 hour brine.
Hanoi-style pho
Taking on another Little Debbie classic, fudge rounds.
My birthday cake
Chicken shawarma pizza with toum
Pumpkin Lentil Curry With Spinach - Vegan Recipe!
General Tso’s Chicken and Veggie Fried Rice
lemon meringue pie!
Shepherd's pie, cross section
Double smash burger on poppyseed charcoal brioche, smoked bacon, caramelized onion, peperoncini mayo

Steamed pork spareribs in black bean sauce
smoked bourbon glazed bacon 🥓 7 days curing 7 hours smoking
Korean cream cheese garlic bread
Habanero Pepper Jelly
Cheese Scones and Fruit Scones
Classic carbonara
Fancy fry fish with veges
Crackers and French Onion Dip
Fancy fried rice
Elgin Mess
Tortellini topped with parmigiano reggiano and truffles
a close up of  blackberry lavender lemon rolls
Buttered turnips, turnip greens with dried cranberries cooked in bacon grease, haggis, sour cream pickled herring, and toast with butter and blueberry jam
honey bread
3 cheese, 3 cracker, 2 pickled hot pepper &amp; roasted red pepper tapenade snack plate
Chinese Tomato Egg Stir-fry
popovers and butter
A Medium Pepperoni &amp; Bacon Well Done Pizza From Pizza Hut
火腩班球煲 Roast Pork and Cod Fillet And 北京片皮鸭 Peking Duck: Takeout Edition
White bean soup with spinach &amp; Italian sausage
Seared Foie Gras with Stewed Cherries
bolognese sauce with homemade pasta took me about 5 hours was totally worth it!
NWS Issues Winter Storm Warning, 17 Inches Of Snow Expected In NYC - Gothamist
a marble monster truck
Loaded Sweet Potato
Early dinner, Beef Lo Mein
Tea smoked ducks - basting stage
감자전 Korean Potato Pancake
cheddar cheese biscuits
Ribeye Steak with white rice and broccoli
Lussebullar
Smoked brisket, mushrooms and shallots in a gorgonzola and parmesan cream sauce over fresh  fettuccine
This is a bit of work but it's totally worth it, I give you The Paneer Makhni Sandwich in a step by step picture recipe.
goat stew with jazmine rice and tostones.
spaghetti with honey toasted cherries
Ribeye with roasted potatoes
chicken parm
Chicken Alfredo with some Focaccia bread
Chocolate mousse
Mac and cheese grilled cheese sandwich
Emergency Food
Burgers with an air-fryer.
enchiladas with onions and Brussels sprouts tossed in cascabel chili oil
Rice and courgette with sprinkle of pistachio and mullet bottarga, served on a bread boat.
Japanese Fluffy Pancakes

McDonald’s
simple yakisoba with fried egg and kizami shoga
rib eye steaks cooked I'm bacon fat and basted with bacon fat and garlic.
Fried steak cutlets, twice baked potatoes, and roasted broccoli
Chipotle Steak Tacos 🌮 😋
Stuffed Peppers with Quinoa and Mushroom
nachos!
Garlic shrimps and asparagus
Dan Dan Udon
Spicy Miso Ramen with Somen and Tonkatsu
If those of you UK r/food users want a free simply cook box, here you go :)
Here is a video on YouTube with the title of Indian sweet bread!!  this and it is amazing!!!
Chocolate Waffle 🧇 🍫 😋 🤤
Broken marble dessert.
Having mastered the art of blending over a century , A tosh ensures that all customer requirement are taken care of in one place . From Sourcing ,storing, blending and packaging to dispatching of private label tea , they do all for customers with sense of responsibility and utmost care.
North Carolina style BBQ ribs, sweet potato fries, and slaw
Strawberry loaf with Strawberry drizzle
https://ift.tt/36n93EjIPL 2021 Dates
I got this delicious salad the other, it honestly looks really good 10/10 for the presentation.
Vegan banana cream pie
Braised Short Rib Poutine
Musubi on Tahdig with Pickled Carrot Skins (2$)
I found an awesome Japanese market near my house that had great Sushi grade fish. I cut and created my own Sashimi platter tonight.
I live in the UK where they dont sell these could anyone send me some over if I cover charges? I REALLY want them.
Bouldevardier
Upside down Clementine Cake.
Desi fusion: Chappli Kebab Pizza
West Coast Lobster with confit fennel, sea herbs, lemon and chervil
Why wait for St. Patrick's Day? Baked 3 lb. Corned Beef Brisket at 350° with only two ingredients, Dijon and dark brown sugar. Baked 3 hours and then broiled for 15 minutes.
https://ift.tt/2YyFStn
Chicken pho
Hasselback Potatoes
Classic Carbonara
I can’t get over how good my turkey looks
Beef top ramen with marinara pepperoni and mozzarella (made while drunk)
Popcorn Caramel!
GLUTEN FREE BLUEBERRY MUFFINS W/ BROWN SUGAR CRUMBLE
roasted salmon with beetrot roundel and celery purée
Nashville Style Hot Chicken
shrimp aglio e olio
fig and brie cream macarons
mini home fries, scrambled eggs, and Texas toast with peanut butter
Tilapia, Oven-Roasted Broccoli and Little Potatoes
Omoooo rice
Bacon!!!!
taco
cauliflower fried rice with pan seared sweet and spicy chicken thighs
Okonomilatke (I'm sorry)
Chicken and bacon with mixed veg
Rice bowl starter &amp; grilled peri peri chicken
Beef and Red Wine Stew
Doughnut Platter
Apples and cinnamon Halloween macarons.
Udon soup
Chicken Enchiladas Suizas
My attempt at a gingerbread Golden Gate Bridge
Eyeball Lollypops
India's factory output grows 1% in December - Mint
Yangzhou Fried Rice and “Send the Rice Down” Turkey
Bubur ketan hitam (Indonesian black rice pudding)
I am prepared to die on this hill
I may not be the greatest cook in the world, but I did make yogurt, naan, and hummus and create a meal with all my favorite fruits and vegetables :)
Chicken Bacon Ranch Havarti and Cheddar cheese melt.
Shrimp Boil
Vanilla chai breakfast smoothie + pumpkin pie spice = homemade pumpkin pie smoothie
Yakatori chicken
mango delight
tiny sweet pizzas (honey dough with maple sausage and cream cheese)
Seared Lamb Chops w/ Sweet Potato
Chipotle apricot grilled chicken.
Tempura Calamari with homemade lime cold sauce
Spicy Pulled Jackfruit with Black Beans, Chimichurrie and Lebanese bread chips
Potato dauphinois
Pastrami, bacon and jalapeño burgers!
Roast lamb shoulder and fondant potatoes
Roasted Peach Panzanella
Giant beef rib, brisket, sausage, beans and cheesy grits!
Falafel Dürüm
bacon wrapped dates stuffed w almonds... mmm...baconnnn
panzanella salad (tomatoes, sourdough croutons and fresh mozzarella). Bonus points for fennel seeds.
Bacon Cheeseburger
GF Pumpkin Bundt
Paneer Zaffrani (No tomato recipe)
Wagyu A5 steak
Relaxing Slime Compilation ASMR | Oddly Satisfying Slime ASMR Videos #39
Homemade Kimchi by A Beginner. Lots of room for improvement!
Keroppi Sushi
2 NY style pizzas
Temaki party!
Spicy Chicken Ramen &amp; Spicy Korean BBQ Wings!
Carbonara w/ thin spaghetti
Baileys Chocolate Cheesecake
Kimchi Stew
pork Wellington I made for thanksgiving this year
spinach stuffed topped with feta chicken breast roasted potatoes rice pilaf shrimp and veggies
Baguette sandwiches
Beef Tajine
pho
Turf n Turf
Attempt at curry chicken. Chicken breast, onions, heavy cream, curry.
Ricotta Tortelli
How to clean fridge to avoid bad smell/how I deep clean my fridge/fridge...
Smoked brisket
Made crab cakes(king crab, dungeness, shrimp, creme fraiche, bacon aioli, green onion, roasted bell pepper, escabeche, water chestnut, mango, breadcrumbs, salt, pepper and garlic), salad(greens, snap peas, carrots, avocado, cucumber, hard boiled egg, bacon, prawns and queso fresco)
Jalapeño marinated flank steak sandwiches with spicy cotija mayo, chopped cilantro, and charred onions
pulled pork bao bun
French Onion Soup
My attempt at lasagna without a recipe!
bbq chicken bacon pineapple pizza
पूरे परिवार की इम्युनिटी बढ़ाए और सर्दी जुकाम दूर भगाए | Healthy Winter ...
Chicken Tikka Masala with Naan
orange glazed salmon with bok choy and sushi rice
Browned butter coffee cake with cream cheese and cinnamon walnut streusel
Cheesy Bean and Poblano Flautas and Jalapeño Mezcal Margaritas
Butternut Squash Mac and Cheese, and Steak with Rosemary and Garlic Butter
brown butter chocolate chip with sea salt
"" No bacteria can live in salt, including COVID-19. How to protect your he...
Pisco Sour and Ají de Gallina
Smoked Octopus
Tarte fraise-verveine
I Used Commissions Inc. (CINC) | Here are the Pro&amp;#039;s and Cons | inboundREM
Hello everyone! I wanted to share with you a YouTube video and any advice or tips would be hugely appreciated :) let me know what you would like to see or watch in future and I’ll be sure to bring it to you! Best wishes n all that 😉😊
Stovetop Wok Asian Stir Fry (21 Ingredients)
Spinach noodles with grilled chicken and bok choy
Fried Tilapia
Smoked Chicken Wings
Chicken green curry!!! Very tasty
Delicious Chinese Style MEAT SQUASH in 25 Minutes. Recipe from Always Yummy!
spaghetti casserole
We Tried Popeyes' Famous Chicken Sandwich That’s Finally Arrived in Canada – Is It Worth the Hype?
Dinesh Karthik's Corolla-Ferrari comment on Virat Kohli takes Twitter by storm - Hindustan Times
Smoked Pork Tenderloin
- KETO DIET PLAN FOR WEIGHT LOSS
Pork and Cranberry stuffing rolls / wrapped in Bacon
Almost lost my eye sight (thanks Poblano peppers!) but still managed to make a delicious Pozole Soup for the fam 😋
Salted Caramel Cheesecake
Beef Pot Pie
CSK Team in IPL 2021: Complete list of players in Chennai Super Kings - Times of India
Baked a cake for my niece and nephew birthday, What do you think.  du to lockdown
Handmade, No-Pasta-Maker Pasta (Based on Cook's Illustrated recipe)!
Chicken cordon bleu with french fries and fried mozzarella sticks
spam musubi with sesame ginger slaw and spicy mayo
dinner I ate tonight
Pad Thai
Pho Perfect thing on a cold day in upstate NY
doughnuts from The Kilted Doughnut - Edinburgh
Caramel apple pie a la mode
Cacio y pepe with fresh spaghetti
Mom's Christmas Eve Baklava
Passion Fruit Lime-Ade
homemade carne asada tacos
Eggs Benedict for breakfast this morning. Happy holidays everyone
Flint mobile pantry continues food distribution through February - MLive.com
NY Style. Pepperoni, chili sauce and hot honey.
Japanese Osechi
CUỘC RƯỢT ĐUỔI giữa QUỶ CHÓ Cartoon Dog và Thánh Nấu Ăn - ASMR Stop Moti...
Apple and pear pork chops with garlic rice
Grilled Chicken Sandwiches
Business doubled in India, feel good about trajectory: Apple CEO Tim Cook - The Indian Express
braided bread
baked mac overload
Deconstructed Chorizo, Egg and Potato Taco
chicken korma. Can’t get enough Indian food right now.
These Superfoods Will Keep Your Heart Healthy And Happy
Smoked Braided Pork and Bacon Tenderloin
Boxing Day cheese and charcuterie board.
chocolate orange doughnuts with candied orange
Breakfast for two
pork potstickers...Chef Jon recipe
wasabi, big mistake
Crispy chicken slider.
Panko breaded chicken thigh with jasmine rice, and broccoli!
guacamole
Al Pastor Pizza from Hungry Chameleon in San Antonio
Watch My Newest Video " How to Make Pizza Fries Recipe By HUMA COOKS |  Pizza Fries"
Butter Chicken - was delish ! 🤤 Even ate it with my hands 😉
stuffed crust mozzarella and jalapeño pizza
Ube Turon
Shakshuka
Meat free lasagne
Koran fries with fried eggs
A Plum cupcake
Instant Pot Kerala Style Dal Curry
Spaghetti with Meatballs
Maryland style lump crab cakes with risotto
turkey with stuffing and potatoes
Berliners
chilli with Fritos
Original Moroccan Chicken Tagine
Chicken meatballs with gnocchi in brown butter sage sauce.
Fried Chicken and Waffles with maple sriracha syrup
Scrambled eggs on toast
Lamb Loin Steak with Roasted Potatoes, Grilled Asparagus, and Gravy
French Macarons with pastry cream filling
these cheese and pepperoni pizza slices
bacon egg and cheese sandwich on brioche with smashed avocado and chipotle mayo
Sunday roast beef with roast potatoes Yorkshire puddings and honey parsnips
salmon and asparagus over quinoa and lentils
freshly cut up fruit
Parmesan-crusted chicken with homemade fried jalapenos in southwest salad
Boston Cream Donuts
Homemade potato tortillas
Mongolian Grill Buffet
sushi takeout for one
English Roast Dinner with spatchcock chicken, roast potatoes and parsnips, yorkshire puddings and veg
Sweet-potato gnocchi (homemade) with rapini, sun-dried tomatoes, cleaned mussels, a bit of sweet sausage, in a homemade pesto.
Classic Style Juicy Burger
Vanilla Blades
Scallop in lemon garlic butter
some incredible mac and cheese
Scrambled Eggs with plenty of Bacon
Duck breast with peated whisky pan sauce , grilled cabbage and smashed potatoes
crackers
Paella, lamb chops, and croque monsieur.
ribeye steak, stir fried veggies and baked potato.
Masala Chai cheesecake with gingersnap crust and molasses glaze
Greetings to Oreo lovers out there
Cornbread...just cornbread
Pad Thai, Tom Yum, Thai Green Curry
Grilled Ribeye
Spicy BBQ wings
Made filet mignon with sweet green beans and duchess potatoes
Egg white omelettes with cilantro, sauteed mushrooms and corn with multigrain bread.
It’s the second day of dungeness crab season
Fluffy scrambled eggs on homemade Italian toast w/ parmesan
Cauliflower and broccoli cheese with Blue Stilton, Cheddar and Parmigiano reggiano
Birra tacos
Quick breakfast
Cheese platters for NYE
Pizza with ricotta and blue cheese
Croissants
breakfast bowl
Egg white cocktail
30 varities on the wide spread buffet only on - Hotel Royal Court Madurai
challah french toast
PB &amp; Chocolate Chip Cookies
Bloomer loaf of bread
KÄSEKUCHEN OR GERMAN CHEESE CAKE
Simple Ramen
Slow cooked beef short ribs. Served with roast potatoes, veg and a beef and cherry bourbon sauce
truffles!!!
Cardamom Apple Cake - (GF + DF)
Spicy Fried Chicken Bao Buns

Spicy Chicken Masala
chiliquiles in green sauce with bacon
final product. Apple and pecan.
egg curry with paratha
Nice Soup~
Order South Indian snacks online in USA from Janaki Foods
Upgraded Jerk Chicken Leftover Platter
Jamaican Jerk Chicken, Coconut Rice and Caribbean Black Beans
Bagels
Katsudon - Japanese crispy pork cutlet &amp; egg over ice
Please don’t forget to bring your gingers inside. Always assume they need to be woken up.
🍣
Egg toast on sourdough with crispy bacon.
this sausage, ricotta, onion, and pepper calzone
Korean BBQ (sides are homemade, pork not so much)
Ham, Peppers, Green Onions &amp; Cheddar Egg Bites! Breakfast Meal Prep.
Chicken Bacon Ranch Pizza
Oatmeal M&amp;M cookies
Pig candy (chocolate covered bacon)
Chocolate, butterscotch and pecan cookies
ribs fresh off the smoker
vegetable fried rice. Simple and delicious...
This is called a Memela. It's a kind of fried, big, fat tortilla made with corn dough and black beans. It's topped with melted Oaxaca Cheese, red and green hot sauces, grounded Cotija Cheese and in this case ham.
Spicy chicken and seaweed noodle
Steak and roast vegetables for Autumn
various pieces of sushi and salmon sashimi.
Cheesecake Stuffed Banana Bread
mocha cupcakes
Omani food
Breakfast at 3pm
Smoked salmon bagel breakfast
Grilled Octopus
Grilled Kimchi and Cheese Sandwich
Poached pear cake with mascarpone frosting
Health Benefits of Apple Cider Vinegar
Braised beef, pork belly, and bihon al nero (black pasta)!!! Black pasta is the best. Love it.
Blue Velvet Cheesecake.
Half Pounder Classic on  Potato Bun
Immersion blended turkey salad on a croissant
savory sweet potato fries fresh out of the air fryer
Chocolate cake.
https://ift.tt/39McTcg
Scallion Focaccia
4 Layer Caramel-Nougat Cookie Bar topped with White Chocolate and Butterfingers
Christmas Roast Dinner for one.
Boom Boom Sauce. After several trial and error batches the famous recipe was cracked.
Chili Dog
Loaded sub sammich with slow cooked chicken, served with parsnip &amp; carrot fries
Tarte aux pommes spéculoos
Nashville Hot Chicken
Chicken Fried steak, mashed potatoes w/brown gravy and green beans.
Pain Au Chocolat’s
Chinese New Year Dinner - Steak, braised pork knuckles, fish, abalone, sea cucumber, dried scallops with mushrooms, salted duck egg shrimp, and vegetables
Pumpkin flower fritters
Chocolate Mousse and Whipped Cream Pie with a Graham Cracker Crust
Pumpkin Spice Macarons
Twice baked potatoes
roasted potatoes, onion, carrots, garlic
Pakistani Chicken Korma / Curry, served with basmati rice.
Honey BBQ Fried Chicken
Christmas Cookies, Buckeyes and Truffles.
How to cook Spicy Chicken Roast
pumpkin soup and yeast bread with crunchy bacon garnish. Amazing.
Ghanta Tarkari .. Mixed vegetable indian curry odia cuisine
Original pasta recipe
Meat skewer with grilled vegetables
Accidental  Doge crepe
Bacon Wrapped Chicken w/ Chive &amp; Onion Cream Cheese (sides: baked potato and steamed broccoli)
sesame chicken
Scotch egg with a runny yolk
Nut Bread
Paella
Trimmed prime 4-rib roast
Decided to go a little healthy with a chicken bake, asparagus, and mashed potatoes.
Bread and butter pudding from a 1960's cookbook
Bento &amp; Chirashi Box
tacos
Thanksgiving croquettes made with leftover mashed potatoes, gravy, stuffing and turkey, panko breaded and fried, served with leftover homemade cranberry sauce to dip
Curry
Marbled fudge brownies with condensed milk and white and milk chocolate chips
Engineers from CSEM and a swiss  #chocolate that shimmers like a #rainbow without the use of additives.
It’s sufganiyah szn 🕎 these are mascarpone-Nutella and classic sweet cream
Brownies with candied ginger and pecans
Cheesecakes
Pork belly instant ramen
scrambled eggs with asparagus and goat cheese.
Strangozzi al tartufo
Marry Me Chicken
Syrian food
Chocolate cupcakes with a marshmallow center and peanut butter frosting.
Lasagna Roll-up
Kunafa
Mongolian beef
Sausage, spinach, and white bean soup
chicken Sandwich
Sour Cream and Carmelized Onion Rolls, Hickory Smoked Turkey, Cheesy Corn, Roasted Garlic Mashed, Roasted Broccoli
“deep dish” style key lime pie
chicken wings lollipop
""Halwa Is Here To Make Your Winter Special
Blueberry Pie
Among Us Meringue Cookies
Buffalo chicken wings in Buffalo, Ny
house made focaccia / roasted koji cured butternut squash whipped with creme fraiche / burnt rosemary dust / toasted pine nuts / sage oil
Ultimate Bloody Mary
Mortadella, salami, and Munster cheese submarine sandwich
vegan earl grey lemon blueberry cheesecake! I followed a recipe by glutenfreeveganpantry. I am also trying to practice my food photography skills
Kase spaetzl, rotkohl, and schweinebraten
Cuban
Pan-Fried Bagel w/ American Cheese and Bacon
Putopao
Warm Waffles with powdered sugar
Five Cheese Ziti Al Forno
Pizza with zebra meat strips, black garlic and parmesan
Tried making sushi today
King cake — crystallized ginger, cinnamon, and walnut filling!
Strawberry scones, strawberry milk, amd honey butter
veggie pepperoni pizza, mozzarella, 24 hour risen dough.
steak ribeye
Butter chicken meatballs with rice and broccoli
Philly cheese steak and Peach Pie
Yuca con chicharrón
Prime Ribeye, reverse seared to 130F, finished on the cast iron in a butter bath with garlic and thyme. Salt, Pepper only.
My version of steak and potatoes.. Spicy honey-glazed home fries and pan seared filet mignon basted in garlic Parmesan butter.
Celebrate Lunar New Year 2021
This took way too long to make
Galaxy Mirror Glazed Cake - Black Sesame
Broccolini
Chipotle lemon honey braised chicken thigh
MCMC demands explanation from courier company over incident in viral video - The Star Online
Pretty Patties from Spongebob NO Artificial coloring!
Mixed Pickles
Noida: Woman catches ‘harasser’, slaps him
amateur - my daughters 5th birthday cake!
venison chili
chicken salad
bacon, egg, and cheese on homemade bread
Herbed Risotto with pan seared salmon florentine and seared cherry tomatoes
Welsh Rarebit
My so made his own fries and marinates the chicken himself! Yumm
Ramen,10h beef broth with pickled eggs and pickled shiitake, thinly sliced rib eye, garlic/chili fried raw shrimp, Sichuan tare and sprinkled with spring onions, bonito salt and sesame.
Spicy ramen with squash, shredded carrots, scallions, shrimp and a hard boiled egg
In N Out Animal Style Smoked Cheese Burger
Pita Pizza
a great variety of Sushi
Chicken and shrimp gumbo
Pollo Asado...this company makes great seasonings
Cendol - iced jelly dessert with coconut milk
Tacos from a roadside Taco truck
Smashburger with pickles
Cannoli!
Za'atar Crusted Barramundi w/ Eggplant &amp; Chickpeas
Paneer Kathi Roll
I made lefse!
Cardamom cinnamon rolls
Handi Chicken by a Seasoned Chef for all Chicken Lovers
Had a go at making bread today. Eager to keep learning and getting better!
Absolute Perfection
PMO Pizza - Uncooked
Chicken Sausage and Brussels Sprouts
Serena fends off Sabalenka for Australian Open quarterfinal spot - WTA Tennis
Crab-stuffed salmon with rice and spicy asparagus
Borscht
lasagna
- Fluffy Soufflé Pancakes
Toasted bagel with salami, egg and avocado with a side of kraut.
A loaded fruit and nut cake my mom only makes for special occasions.
Holy crap this is the best pizza I´ve ever made! DM me to send you the receip!  it all by myself!
Al Pastor Tacos, well sort of.
pizzas!! Extra pepperoni of course!
Pork Cracklings
Carrot &amp; Walnut buns, pumpkin shaped
Quattro formaggi and Diavola pizza with chimichurri for crust.
Ribeye steaks, cheesy baked potatoes with rosemary mushrooms and garlic
pot roast
Appetizer while waiting for the meal !!!
- Chocolate Babka (top) and Cinnamon Sugar Babka
cherry pie made with fresh cherries I made when they were still in season.
French Omelette
Palabok
at sam the cooking guy’s joint and loved it!
Mozzarella Pizza Balls
pork shumai
https://ift.tt/2YrDo05
Candy bar with layers of shortbread cookie, hazelnut spread, chocolate brownie, and pistachio nougat.
Glazed and maple donuts. I've never baked before.
Oven baked honey and bourbon chicken with cheddar, gouda, romano mac and cheese and steamed broccoli. Murica' 💪
There was a sale on T-Bone steak!
pulledpork pizza from the BBQ
Bao bunns Plausch
chicken and avocado salad
thai basil sesame cashew chicken with coconut rice
Seared ahi tuna.
Meatloaf and Mashed potatoes
Spice Girls 20 mg Hemp
Frijoles Puercos con Huevos (Pork Braised Butter Beans with Scrambled Eggs) and Salsa Escabeche
Brioche and Camembert rolls
Stuffed whole chicken - stuffed with eggs and veggies
I made some fried rice and beef strips
Baked Beans and Brown Bread with Raisins
tuna sushi with pop rocks
Strawberry cheesecakes bakes into croissants.
Rodney Scott’s BBQ - Charleston, SC
Cornish pasties
cast iron skillet chicken
Tofu and Vegetable Pho
Food Challenge: Kluna Tik ăn FASTFOOD QUÁI DỊ ngoài đời thật - ASMR Mukb...
Cast Iron Chorizo and Fennel Pizza
vegan ramen
Cider Glazed Pork Ribeye with Sweet Potato Au Gratin and Green Beans
Grilled cheese hotdog with avocado and salad
A&amp;W Canada breakfast, 2 eggs, bacon, sausages, hashbrown, toast.
Chicky Chicky Parm Parm
Candy canes
Buffalo Momo with Tomato and Sesame Achar
Smoked brisket
' Chowmein
leftover prime rib sandwich
SUBSCRIBE TO MY YOUTUBE CHANNEL-  STEAK FRIES!!!
Pasta with onion, pepper and cashew nuts
salmon and crab cakes, roasted asparagus, garlic mushrooms and cherry tomatoes with rocket salad.
meatball sub
advantages of being a weeb: eat all the sushi
Natcho Plate
Classic Bacon &amp; Eggs
French Macarons with Vanilla Buttercream / Chocolate Ganache
Paneer Pizza in 5 Mins with LG Charcoal Microw...
Gaelic Steak with Irish Whiskey
Pork Katsu
Chris Crocker on receiving death threats for his Leave Britney Alone viral video - Republic TV
Caramel Apple Skillet Cake
Peach bourbon glazed baby back ribs.
Korean Beef With Spinach Noodles
a Pear, Peach, Plum &amp; Nectarine | Biggest TASTEBUDS Yet! Ep.9
sous vide ribeye and sweet potato ravioli, with white wine, garlic and brown butter.
clam chowdah
Steak Tartare
Moroccan Pita Bread
hot pot
Salted caramel/pecan praline cream puff swans.
Raspberry macarons
churros with popcorn icecream and chocolate sauce.
Alphonso Mango Pulp with Pressure Cooked Chilly Garlic Potatoes and Tumeric Chilly Fried Bread
steak goat cheese cucumber and spicy peperica peanut sauce
Rotisserie roast lamb.
Before, during &amp; after a day in the duck blind. Marinated and pan seared duck
Pad kra pao with udon
Vegetable broth shrimp ramen.
Chocolate Berry Cheesecake I made today, did not use any recipe, completely my idea 😊 Hope you like it 🙏🏻
Cote de Boeuf
Rump Cap w Roast Pumpkin Salad
Pork and Cranberry Stuffing rolls / wrapped in Bacon
blueberry and grapes Pi.
Canning day 🍅
Pandan Cupcakes w/ Coconut Custard Filling and Coconut Buttercream
Thanksgiving Leftovers
toad in the hole
Fluffy valentines pancakes for my fiancé
pepperoni, mushroom, and jalapeno pizza
Bananas wrapped in Beacon with a drizzle of New Zealand honey.
Texas Wagyu, salt, olive oil, skillet, gas
4 Cheese Pizza Before &amp; After
jack daniels charcoal smoked cheeseburger
Mixed the pastry .
baked brie
CACIO E PEPE  Pasta and Parmesan (style) Cheese sauced with Butter and topped with a Yellow Bell Pepper Medley sautéed in brisket fat and fresh cracked peppercorns
Swedish Style Cinnamon Buns
BBQ Grilled Tandoori Chicken
Lamb Rogan Josh
Filet Mignon with boiled potatoes, asparagus and red wine
lemon meringue pie
Redvelvet cake with whippedcream and cream cheese filling and buttercream flowers
Classic Creme Brulee with only 4 Ingredients!
sun dried tomato Avocado toast, with an egg.
Spinach, Pepperoni, Mushroom, Red Onion, Mozzarella and Ricotta Calzones
Crab Alfredo!
When chips &amp; guac is life...but also cake.
Chicken Thighs and Saffron/Turmeric Rice
Saturday afternoon bread.
Venison Sausage &amp; Lil Devilers
Cauliflower cheese with panko/parmesan crust (cheesy cauliflower casserole)
Sirloin with a Mushroom Cream Sauce
rice pudding
White Bean and Sun-dried Tomato Soup w/ Grilled Cheese
Chicken Tandoori
blueberry breakfast cake
chicken pad thai
these delicious s'mores ice cream rolls after I made them for our latest video.
Sugar Cookies with Nutella buttons, also Peanut Butter and Chocolate Drizzling
Carnitas tacos with salsa verde
Fried Soft Shell Crab
All of this food for 2.87 dollars. Yay or nay?
Breakfast Tofu Scramble &amp; Strips w/ Italian Pane Turano Bread &amp; Butter, Oranges, Himalayan Black Salt &amp; Louisiana Hot Sauce
“Lopez Cheesecakes and Pies” peppermint mini cheesecake topped with chocolate chips AND peppermint candy canes
create logo online free for youtube 2020
Death by Chocolate
Hairy Kanafeh
Roasted Spatchcock Chicken
May I introduce r/Food to the mighty Spice Box! An Irish classic of Chinese take-out!
Kenji Lopez-Alt inspired Kimchi Grilled Cheese
BBQ Gouda Chicken Pizza w/ Cheese Stuffed Crust
Walleye Gumbo
No-bake cheesecake.
Spicy shrimp quinoa bowl with veggies
Vegan Pasta Carbonara (Can you tell I love olives?)
croque madame
Thai red curry with duck &amp; pineapple
Smores bake
Crème Brulée
basil-pistachio crusted lamb steak with pan roasted garlic potatoes
Infused Peanut Butter Cake with Dark Chocolate Ganache, Dry Roasted Peanuts, Maldon Salt (20 mg Chem Dawg)
Sexy, moist and tender blueberry buttermilk pancakes
General Tso Chicken
Corn Tortillas
Black-eyed peas, ham hock and collard greens
bread stuffed with chicken
Brown butter snickerdoodles
Whole grain mustard and maple glazed salmon with wild rice and butternut-squash-bacon hash
Cheesy Smothered Mushroom Chicken with roasted carrots and mash
Mushroom Risotto
I made Caramel Crunch Cookies! Featuring crushed pretzels, chopped up chewy caramels, peanut butter chips, and salted caramel chips 🤤
Bill to ban private cryptocurrency likely in budget session of Parliament - Times of India
organic beef burger with habanero-pineapple chutney on a fresh-baked potato flour bun
spaghetti with sea urchin and bottarga
Avocado toast with leftover seared salmon, poached eggs, salad, and berries.
Gigi Hadid spicy pasta recipe
Beef brisket bao buns
Spaghetti with tomato sauce and shrimp
Spag Bol
Spicy Beef Ramen
Steak with Mushrooms Onion and Rosemary Garlic Roasted Potatoes
Chanko Nabe
I made a Muffuletta including the bread. I ordered the Olive Salad from Central Grocery in New Orleans.
I made a Banana Bundt with Cream Cheese Glaze, motherfuckers....poked a Chocolate Chip Banana Muffin into center as a donut hole!
https://ift.tt/39mkDBy
Valentines Wellington ❤️
Black Angus Filet Mignon
Vegemite Sandwich with cheese.
Minced Pork (Semi-circle), Chilli Beef (Triangle), and Cheesy Chicken (Squares).
Motorola Moto G Stylus 2021 looks quite different in a new set of renders - GSMArena.com news - GSMArena.com
Bloody Red Velvet Cupcakes
Vegetable pot pie
Garlic Parmesan Chicken
Croissant-dough Belgian waffles with chocolate ganache and cajeta.
Nightmare before Christmas Cake
Spring Rolls (shrimp, pork, tofu) with peanut sauce
:What malnutrition does to children and nursing mothers: The  best remedy to malnutrition-gedway.com
I made some masala shrimp, how did i do?
Samedi à bord
Sour Dough Buffalo Chicken Sandwich
Custard Ice-Cream
Sour Cream and Onion Biscuits
Chicken and Creamy Sundried Tomato Sauce Over Pasta
Broiled tilapia with parmesan and dill, plus random mixed veggies
Can I get sailmanellis from it?
Gulab Jaman
- My non-apologetic morning oatmeal
Fried chicken, braised green, and biscuits and gravy
Mini cherry cheesecakes
Veggie burger
Naan Bread Pepperoni Pizza + Homegrown Basil
Eggless carrot cake
Red beans and rice
16 hour cherry/applewood smoked pork ribs.
Matcha sponge with black sesame buttercream
Sweet and Spicy Salmon Teriyaki!
Burger..
cheese pie. Bonus points if anyone know where the Splashback image is from.
copycat Bang Bang shrimp with a homegrown lettuce base - so good even the dogs were drooling 🤤
Someone told me to get rid of my black cat T’Challa because he’s black. Why are black cats considered bad luck!? I LOVE THEM!
Japanese Curry, Rice, Brocolli, and Steak
Made me some waffles today 🤪
it's cold in upstate NY, so, Neapolitan pizza.
Fried halloumi on roasted ciabatta with tomatoes, basil and balsamic vinegar 👌🏻
Maple Sausage Egg Casserole
T-Bone steak done cast iron method.
Keto Bacon &amp; Waffles with Monk Fruit Syrup
bbq chicken nachos
Does anyone think leftover thanksgiving dinner taste as good ?
Pomegranate seeds
Filet mignon, mashed potatoes, asparagus, and portobello mushrooms. In a red wine reduction.
Steak
China goes online to mock 'beautiful sight' of US Capitol chaos - Times of India
Gingerbread Building
My spin on surf, earth, and turf
Miso black cod with pickled daikon, baby bok choy, miso foam &amp; chile oil
Seafood boil with lobster claws, shrimp, sausage, potatoes, eggs and corn.
Taco w/ fresh pico, avocado, cotija, and cilantro
Medium rare rack of lamb, pomegranate demi glaze, and fresh asparagus.
Pepper Salt Crispy Chicken (炸子鸡)
Almond and coconut flour mozzarella sticks
Steamed Chicken momos sprinkled with mayo n spices.
Gluten Free Pizza with Bacon, Ricotta, Pepperoni, Mozzarella
Homemade Tuna and Avocado Sushi
Squid Ink Cuttlefish pasta &amp; Shrimp pasta
Chicken Wings!
Butter Beans
Potato Soup w/ Crispy Skin
Conecuh sausage, eggs and toast
Dutch Apple Pie with Brown Butter Oat Streusel (x-post)
Chicken, broccoli puree, cole and mustard salad, blue cheese.
Ground Ribeye &amp; Sirloin Cheese Burger
Cookie Nuggets
Friend from High School showing off his cooking skills
Birria tacos and consume
Spicy Guangzhou chicken noodles
Filipino breakfast: Garlic Fried Rice!
Seitan Recipe for Beginners - How To Make TikTok Seitan Vegan Chicken!
king ribs / pork belly
Poutine!
Wonton ramen
Roasted beef pulled &amp; cooked in bbq sauce with home made coleslaw on bread
Pasta a La Forma
Bûche de nöel with merengue mushrooms!
Ravioli with Ricotta
Chicken Salami Pizza with Mozzarela and Cheddar
Công thức làm nước ép ngon cho cửa hàng kinh doanh đông khách
shredded chicken tacos with cherry tomatoes
A baked potato
parata as a breakfast.It's a special breakfast for bangladeshi people.
Pavlova Board
Roasted fennel
10 Cakes recipe Decorating Ideas ""
Grilled and olive wood smoked octopus with broccoli hummus, chickpea mayonnaise and dried heirloom tomatoes
biscuits
Ghost pepper chicken finger and bufala mozz cast iron pizza
pumpkin cheesecake bites
Mushroom Miso Pasta
Bacon/ chicken/ shrimp carbonara?
chicken and waffles
Wagyu steak don
Italian sausage, bacon, beef chili
Duck Ramen
Ashoura (Noah's Pudding)
Oven Roasted Chicken with Thyme Roasted Carrots and Golden Beets.
Thanksgiving of the four of us...Mac n cheese, cranberry gastrique, rosemary thyme pommes purée, turkey Wellington, whipped maple butter, prosciutto Brussels sprouts with balsamic, yeast rolls and turkey pan gravy
Creamy Baba Ganoush
Birria and birria tacos with fresh pico
Turkish Kofta Pizza
Cheeseburger with bacon &amp; guac &amp; side salad
yummy Chinese food sesame chicken and pork fried rice
Charcuterie board!
Tres Leches Cake
Brown-sugar-glazed pork with stir-fried vegetables and rice
cookie dough fingers and toes
Braised rabbit with spaetzle.
Pork belly on the bone with divine crackling
Brown Sugar Pineapple Ham
Orange Chicken, Jasmine Rice, and Brussels Sprouts.
Chinese Hotpot Party
Beef Ragu with Rigatoni
yoghurt and lime seabass ceviche, lemon and szechuan pepper couscous, confit tomato, dill and endive
Grilled ham and cheddar with home fermented cabbage and peppers on rye bread
General Tso's Chicken and Shrimp Fried Rice
Pastitsio (aka Greek lasagna)
Chocolate cake with a raspberry filling
Shepherd’s Pie
Chicken &amp; Couscous
Reverse sear sirloin. Medium rare/rare
Cheese platter for two
Cheddar melt w/smoked ham and pickles on sourdough.
Buttercookie Hearts (Dutch Boterkoek)
Tarte Tatin
Gorgeous Hotel Charcuterie
Egg Fried Rice | Easy Masala Egg Rice
Found one of my old drawings. I was a weird kid.
southern grilled ribeye with sides
home blend ground beef cheeseburger on brioche
Aloo tikki chaat
quiche with bacon, potato, onion, garlic and chorizo
Chicken meatballs with sriracha and honey sauce.
Ferrero Rocher cheesecake
ribs my dad made
MORE BABKA! The left is a lingonberry filling, the right is cooked cinnamon apple filling, both feature sweet cream cheese and a light glaze of sugar syrup.
Khachapuri
Smoked pork butt on Big Green Egg. 190F pull with 1 hr rest, while wrapped.
Sopapillas and Chili Beans
Waffles, Eggs &amp; Bacon
Creamy chicken chili with cornbread
Grilled Picanha (Rare), secret sauce, baby lettuce on ciabatta bread with havarti and parmesan cheese.
A BATTLE between Siren Head and Plants vs Zombies - ASMR Comiendo Kluna ...
The new Arby’s commercial really does have some meats.
Steamed Kamote with sugar only
Cobra Drinks Water From Bottle In Viral Video - NDTV
Chocolate Peppermint Cupcakes
Dark Chocolate Mousse
Szechuan roasted turkey, lemongrass/ginger soup with udon noodles and sautéed bok choy, green onions, shiitake mushrooms, sugar snap peas and cilantro
DONNA KEBAB special recipes check this out
Sea bass with ginger and soy, sticky rice and soy and peanut green beans
Swordfish and Chips
Guacamole and some veggies.
entire Chicken fry cooking
Honey with Saffron Threads
Mala Xiang Guo
Roasted veg stack with feta and a balsamic reduction on sourdough
Crispy teriyaki beef.
raviolo al uovo, finished product
random platters of food
ceylon foods recipes
Tabouleh
Finally used the basil from our own garden. And also I don’t eat pork anymore but I can’t resist the bacon.
Spicy Ramen.
8h slow cooked turkey leg with garlic mayo and sage onion balls
Traditional New Year's dinner! Pan-seared pork chops with pan sauce, stewed collard and mustard greens, black-eyed peas, and buttermilk cornbread.
Made meatball subs with the baguettes I made today
Dorayaki Recipe
Strawberry Cheesecake
Meatballs and marina over angel hair. Sauce made from San Marzano tomatoes, and meatballs from beef and pork. All herbs grown from my garden.
Jewish apple cake. We ate it before I remembered to take a pic 😆
Maryland-style Korean Street Garlic Bread
Seared scallops with  pasta and lemon cream sauce.
St Louis style ribs (slid some bones out to show tenderness) garlic roasted green beans and mac and cheese.
Naturally Leavened Batard
Steak &amp; provolone with tater tots
Various dumplings in San Francisco
https://ift.tt/2MoWgtD
Creamy bacon chicken, mashed potatoes, asparagus, and Caesar salad.
sunday roast
chicken noodle soup
White sauce pasta
Roast hen and potatoes Holiday edition
Second loaf Ive ever made!
potato and zucchini vellutata
Butter chicken Roti Pie @ Auckland Saturday Markets
Dutch Gevulde Koeken
Pizza Bolognese
tres leches cake with edible petals
Phases Of The Moon
8 hour roast knuckle of beef with buttery roast potatoes.
My version of Green, Eggs and Ham!
Rice Bowl with Chicken, Satay Sauce, Fried Onions and Veggies
Honeycomb Toffee
Boulevard Tank 7 Beer Cheese Fondue. Happy Holidays!
Yummy Rice Toppings
i made  coconut thai soup!
pizza from pieology
catfish nuggets
ASMR - Burger - Chips - Pepsi - Eating Sounds - Eating ASMR - Food Show - Takeaway - Relaxing Noise
Beef Bulgogi
Medium rare, bone-in ribeyes for the family tonight. Grill marks for days.
Wonton Soup with Pork &amp; Shrimp Wontons, Aromatic Beef Broth and Chili Crisp
chicken veggie tajine
Mega Sushi
i made a batch of pancakes! hopefully reddit likes them. also, yes, they did taste good.
Chicken Marsala
Gingerbread Wild West
Garlic Parmesan Mozzarella Chicken
Hamburger on English Muffin with Sun-Dried Tomato Aioli
overstuffed pablano peppers
Korean army base stew
The best Pumpkin &amp; Gingerbread pancakes I’ve ever had in Mexico
Dark Chocolate Coconut Rough Portrait
Secret ingredient noodle soup with pork dumplings
loaded hash browns with barbacoa and avocado
mixed bowl with rice, peppers, zucchini, sweet potatoes, Italian sausages, fried egg and topped with Korean spicy sauce
udon vegetable noodle
Buta No Kakuni (Japanese Braised Pork)
Dutch baby!!
roasted crab salad
Australian Wagyu Ribeye &amp; Fillet
spaghetti with pistachios pesto🇮🇹
dinner rolls
shin ramyun w/ kimchi &amp; fried egg
Special Shahi Paneer
PINEAPPLE JUICE CAKE
grazing platter
Chocolate Brownie Cake
Pastrami Sandwiches
Smol Carrot Cupcake
Eggless red velvet cake
Del Monaco steak and sweet potato fries.
Eve’s Pudding. I love autumn.
Dinner is served
Fresh oysters and prosecco
Solomillo Strogonoff
Apple Cinnamon Oatmeal Bites Recipe
Chaliapin Steak Rice Bowls
It would be a blessing if I ever open batting in Tests: Washington Sundar - Times of India
Grilled buttermilk bone in chicken breast
Beef &amp; cheese burrito
Cedar planked salmon with balsamic/ honey Brussels and a loaded potato.
chorizo potatoes tacos!
Honey almond blondies
fruity pebble stuffed french toast
CHIC-FIL-A chicken sand-which waffles fries sriracha sauce Mac and cheese side.
Chicken, Bacon, and White Bean Chili with Honey Cornbread
Pizza Time.
Shrimp, rice and vegetables
Giant Strawberries
Super Bowl wings
yaki udon, fried onigiri, and tofu katsu
a lobster roll on brioche in Maryland
lemon sherbet
Pappa al Pmodoro
cast iron pan pizza with chicken, goat cheese, roasted red pepper, garlic cream sauce, and mozzarella
Homemade Bread
Chicken &amp; Ramen Waffles
Miso enhanced burger sliders
fresh baguettes
juicy fried chicken
this unit of a sourdough I made
Spicy Shrimp Bowl
SEXY COOKING B ROLL
Black bean tortilla soup!
Just harvested some fresh razor clams this morning. My grandma only fries them, so I was curious to know if anyone had a favorite  razor clam recipe?! Thank you!
Xinjiang stir-fried handmade noodles with lamb.
Mini breakfast crostini with avocado, summer tomato, and fried egg
Gingerbread kitties
Chipotle chicken
https://ift.tt/39fPwYf
Smoked Chicken Leg Quarters turned out delicious!
Cookies from Latvia "Žagariņi " aka "Sticks "
pizza in my wood oven!! 🇮🇹🇮🇹
butter and garlic basted tomahawk ribeye steak
Sourdough Bread
Pappardelle Bolognese
Lotus Biscoff Cake
Wheel of Fortune Vanilla Bean Cake
Steamed broccoli 🥦, Cashew, squeezed tomato 🍅, Jalapeño, Tahini and a gorgeous view.
lebkuchen
Fussili verdura
Birria tacos
Peanut brittle
Rigatoni
a Galactic madness from Galaxy B&amp;G in TX
Baked Mac and Cheese. Used fresh cheese and tons of veggies
origami wonton wrappers
Laab Moo w/fresh herbs from the garden
doughnuts (glazed and cinnamon sugar)
B.L.A.T. with Veggie Chips
I made Pizza!
grapefruit-shallot salmon, toasted pecan and golden raisin couscous, and Caesar salad by (single) my son, who is visiting me from LA. Perfection!
Sous Vide Sirloin
Leftover turkey pot pie
My wedding cake! Top &amp; bottom vanilla sponge with butter cream &amp; strawberry jam, middle tier chocolate sponge with salted caramel sauce
Sweet laddoos, made with some home made clarified butter or desi ghee
Panko breaded pork cutlet on a pumpernickel roll
Chilly Egg with Oyester sauce
Chicago-style pepperoni deep dish
Chicken ricotta spinach lasagna
malted, cinnamon, hobnob pancake stack for breakfast this morning 😍
pork roast, fries, salad and can’t forget about the best part...Crackle
Braised short ribs.
Carb-wrapped Surf ‘n’ Turf: Takoyaki ‘n’ Steak pie
Apple rose tarts in a bread basket.
Frikadellen, Rotkohl, and Kartoffel (German)
Chiles En Vinagre | En Escabeche
bruschetta
Steak with grilled onion and mushroom with a side of garlic Parmesan smashed red potatoes
Chocolate Chunk Cookies
epoxy resin sushi as part of a resin food series
Mooncake - Mid-Autumn Festival! Let's celebrate!
Lemon tart
Cookies n' Cream ice cream
Goila Butter Chicken
creamy cajun chicken pasta
Roast Wild Boar Sausage inside Pheasant Breast Wrapped in Dry Cured Bacon
Shrimp Stuffed Tofu
A Nice Crispy Beef Burger the other day
4L of Aged Eggnog with Brandy, Bourbon, and Rum
Beef and potato tostadas with Anaheim chilis, zucchini, and tomato. Topped with sour cream and fresh jalapeños
Turkey Ramen Who's done with turkey butties? Make a yummy ramen instead :)
Steak with rosemary garlic potatoes and asparagus
- Mutton Biryani.
Bluefin belly, spicy albacore on crispy rice, and tom kha gai
Cold Smoked and Air Fried Wings.
Haidilao yesterday and thought I would have the same thing as the ones in Shanghai .... but reality is different Haidilao in shanghai v.s Haidilao in London
mashed potato spring rolls
Beef Wellington across 3 Years
https://ift.tt/3qPm9ly
Lemon garlic lobster rolls on Hawaiian sweet rolls
#Foodartist #creates detailed winter scene for 4 year old son - #Creator
St. Lucia Saffron Bun
, Artichoke.
Fish Pie
Pan Seared Orange Duck
Goldfish and Pretzels
sirloin seared in butter with rosemary, thyme and garlic
Condensed Milk Bread Loaf
A massive steak salad
Coconut passion fruit baked Alaska
KlunaTik eating AMONG US in Hamster Maze Real Life - ASMR Comiedo Mukan...
what i eat in a day as a uni student | simple &amp; easy
a piece of pickled ginger fell into the shape of Australia as I was enjoying my sushi
my humble cabbage and lamb stew with oven baked potatoes
blueberry scones!
Fresh profiterole shells, Chantilly cream, Chocolate ganache, powdered sugar.
Romantic Cinnamon Rolls
Roast beef sammi
Pulled chicked curry with greek yogurt and plum-chilli chutney, guacamole, sour cream, jalapenos, cheddar
Stir fry.
Roast Chicken on Vegetables
Croissant Eggs Benedict
Zaatar rolls
Panecillos Dulces «Medias Noches»
Chicken Tenders
Teriyaki Salmon Jerky
Chocolate Orange Millionaires Shortbread
grilled native chicken
Prime Scotch Beef fillet carpaccio, pickled mouli, burnt onion powder, pickled onion, chive oil, watercress
‘QAnon shaman’ granted organic food in jail after report of deteriorating health - POLITICO
Ribs cooked 2 ways. Baby Back sauced and St. Louis with a dry rub.
Katsu with Sausage and Steamed Fish
elevated street corn.... Elote
Asparagus, Smoked Salmon and Poached Egg Breakfast
Cooked breakfast for my mom and pop. Hashbrowns, Neuske's hash, chorizo, and fresh eggs.
Chicken Biriyani ♥️
- Peppercorn Tenderloin with Chimichurri
roulades of white fish w/ lemon burre blanc for my cake day.
Quesadilla made in food tech for school
Grilled cheese with bacon
Thought I’d try the viral pasta. THE easiest/best tasting thing i’ve made in a while
Chicken Piccata
Cell-based Salmon Sushi Roll
chicken pot pie
“” borscht!
Brownie a la cookie n cream
Peppers stuffed with vegetarian chilli and rice
"French's" fried onions
Barbacoa (Watch Out Chipotle)
Sărațele cu brânză (salted crackers)
, All day breakfast pie.
buttermilk pancakes with dates and walnuts
Korean short rib breakfast tacos.
Avocado, crumpets and poached eggs!
Jim’s Gotta Eat - Supper tonight - Snow Crab Boil with Gold Potatoes and Sausage. JGE Scale - 10/10 Great Christmas Eve Supper, even though it may be an Oxymoron. Happy Holidays.
tom yum gung and pomelo salad.
squid ink pasta with shrimp and crab
parmesan fries &amp; homemade chicken fingers.
Turkey, roast beef and bacon with Lacey swiss, heirloom tomato, dressed bibb lettuce and honey dijonnaise on bakery olive oil rosemary bread
"" Yammy Recipe
Flank steak and asparagus.
Oven Baked Chicken Breast - I made this last night!
Vanilla Swiss Roll Cake
Parmesan chicken stock grits with scallops sautéed in butter, onion, garlic and Old Bay.
Two cheese stuffed beef patty
pan fried Jalapeño stuffed with grated paneer, mozzarella and taco spices.
scrambled eggs with butter and salt🙃
pan-seared marinated flank steak w/ roasted cauliflower &amp; potatoes, and sautéed green beans
Surprisingly level cake
Appreciate the Potatoe
Butternut squash ravioli.
German Chocolate Cake
High quality cake
I desperately need responses for college as I have just realised
Black Forest cupcakes.
End of Season Berry Tart
Ribeye: season or marinade?
Sushi bake
butter cookies with deferent flavours.
Duck breast served on the bone with sumac salt and macha salsa, and potatoes and carrots cooked in duck fat
Brands Join The "Pawri" As Pakistani Influencer's Video Goes Viral - NDTV
Who's cutting onions? 🧅🤧
spaghetti carbonara
Lò nướng bánh công nghiệp 3 tầng 6 khay southstar dùng điện hiện đang là sản phẩm bán chạy tại công ty Bếp Đỏ. Máy chuyên để nướng các loại bánh cookie, bánh kem, bánh bông lan, bánh mì baguette,…Cùng Bepdo.com khám
I MADE  FRIED RICE!
Crostone with pork tenderloin and summer salad
Fried Rice with Shrimp and Spam
Pulled Pork Burger, Sweet Potato Fries and Onion Rings
Finally tackled Beef Wellington
baked Camembert last Christmas treat, dip it, dip it real good
New York style pizza with caramelized onions, jalapenos, and salami.
spicy turkey noodle soup, (broth took a day) roasted cajun drumstick, brussels sprouts n parm, fresh baked roll:)
trofie and grouper
Assorted Street Tacos
Scallop Crudo, very happy with how the plating came out!
Steak and Lobster dinner
More HOTTER pho w/ chili sauce and some hot oil stuff
spaghetti cone
Diet no-carbs pizza
Fried Rice &amp; Bulgogi
7 loại sinh tó giảm cân cấp tốc bạn nên thử
Spaghetti le Carbonara
My fav kind of bowl during the late hours
Wraps . Chips . Cutlets
Homemade sushi for dinner today😍🍣 first sushi for this year, happy new year guys!🥳
Duck a l'orange, Roasted duck legs with orange sauce, Orange and chili duck wings, Fondant duck stock potatoes.
chicken teriyaki
Checkerboard cookie boxes with custard filling
Apple Crumble Cupcakes w/ Salted Caramel Filling and Cinnamon Buttercream!
, Heart Shape Sub Burger
Turkey Can Can
My daughter and I are baking 12 pies in 12 months. Here’s our March installment - Happy Pi Day!
Pizza with salami, ham and cheese
Dinner Rolls
Pappardelle, rich red wine pasta sauce with chorizo and beef meatballs
Eclairs. Classic, Pistachio and Raspberry
Made a seafood dish for the family! They loved it. Just found this group so wanted to share it here😊
charcuterie board for my cousin's wedding!
Celebrating new year with chicken and such. Happy new year!
Pesto marinated stuffed hot cherry peppers.
sweet and sour pork
Cheesy Cannelloni
oero cheesecake cookies
grilled chicken tacos with veggies.
Just made this for my brothers birthday😃😁
Peach Tart
Rava Idly
Just made mushroom risotto, how did I do?
Pork Taco
chicken wings, bacon wrapped jalapeños and a small charcuterie
Crepes
Tandoori Chicken without Oven
traditional couscous with merguez and mint green tea
Healthy high-protein meals for your diet - 22 high-protein meals
Scones with jam and cream for Mother’s Day afternoon tea (UK)
ginger marinated squid tossed in white pepper with salted pepper mayo to dip - super tender!!!
Jalapeño and Cheese Tamales
beef and potatoes
Summer avocado salad
BBQ Bacon Cheddar Burger with Caramelized Onions
Red bell pepper, onion, bacon and eggs
Wild rabbit with rice stuffing
Cannoli... Filipino Ube filling on the right.
Rib Eye
Jalapeno Burgers
Makin Bacon!
Chocolate chip sheet pan cookie
Kimchi-bokkeumbap (kimchi fried rice)
Sesame seed focaccia
A somewhat unflattering photo of a pizza I made in food tech in quarantine (Yoghurt based dough)
Beef Shank Burrito
Chockolate cake
One Pan Jerk Chicken in Coconut Milk
Sicilian Pizza
I tried my hand at cibir, it turned out pretty well imo
I'm really Hungary and I ate nothing today at the library please help I don't, know what else to do cashapp: @ocpostal
pepperoni/salami/ham pizza
Cacio e Pepe Ramen with pan-seared scallops
Honey Toast
Diver scallops over charred corn salad.
Peak Sprouts
Hong Kong Curried fishballs and Tom Yum hot pot
Beef Stew
Holes in Raw Oyster shell - Safe to eat?
Spinach and Cheese Lasagna
Kottu Rice
cheese grater formed pasta button in thick tomato crab sauce n garlic butter scallops
Chicken bao’s
Bloomin' Onion and sauce
Salpicón de Marisco
Rollkuchen and watermelon
The eBook of 100 recipes of Italian tradition!
Smore
Cream cheese veggie sourdough toast, my favorite midnight snack!
hot dog
arepa with cheese
Yummiest Philly Cheese Chicken Burgers Ever.
Eggs Benedict from the Fire Station in London
Octopus Aguachile Ceviche
pizza pot pie
Birthday Cake for my 4 year old
lemon blueberry paczki
Gingerbread Cake with Cream Cheese Frosting
Korean fried chicken
Soto Nasi #MalaysianStyle
Pina Colada Sorbet
beef roast
Chocolate Cupcakes with Vanilla Buttercream and Sugar Cookie Toppers
Fried Chicken
First Time Baking Apple Pie
apple crumble pie with raspberry, dates and raisins
""
Stats after death
carry
Stuffed spinach chicken with mashed cauliflower
thai curry shrimp tacos with cucumber/carrot/cabbage slaw on corn tortillas
Korean fried chicken wings
spinach and artichoke dip in a pumpernickel bread bowl.
Focaccia
Lime-cured Mackerel with pea shoots, pomegranate, charred orange, pickled shallot and lemon cream
Pretzels that turned out more like bagels.
Chicken adobo
Barbacoa Beef Tacos with Arroz Barracho and Mexican Black Beans
Fiery pinto bean soup
Reverse seared cowboy ribeye.
Learn Punjabi Raw Mango Pickle Recipe
fried chicken, cornbread muffins with butter and honey, and a wedge salad with bacon, tomatoes and blue cheese dressing.
Nasi Goreng Spesial - Indonesian Fried Rice
Famous Bowl
Reverse seared a MASSIVE tomahawk steak tonight!
Bacon &amp; Parsley Hash
Neapolitan pizza with fresh Basil.
Smoked Briscuit. 16-Hour cook. First time smoking!
Spooky Red Velvet Cake
crab cakes and homemade rémoulade
Pan fried chicken drumstick with pan sauce and crispy roast potatoes
Passion Fruit With MilkTea Recipe by balloon restaurant and cafe ""
Ceviche
Chili Prawns, Honey Roasted Salmon, Sweet Potato Chips and Salad.
soft pretzels
🥦🧀🧄 soup with dill oil
Ethical Wellington
slow cooked brisket. San Antonio Tx
Cookies and Cream Chocolate Portrait
Sunday Gravy and Meatballs
baked mac and cheese 🧀
Pad thai wrapped in an egg nest
chicken and dumplings. GF
CheezIts
Chocolate &amp; Nuts Sticks Chocolate &amp; Nuts Slices Ingredients Butter Chocolate 3 Different varieties of Nuts Fruit Condensed Milk Liqueur
chicken curry and naan (we cheated on the dumplings)
bun bo hue
Lego Kitchen: Лего сашими из лосося - Лего в реальной жизни/ACMP cтоп мо...
(&amp; drank) Shrimp Spring Rolls, Chicken Pho, Thai Iced Tea and Mochi Donuts!
Smoked ham, omelette and mature cheddar on tiger bread.
Clay Pot Chicken Rice
Chinese chicken udon soup
British Sunday roast
Double Chocolate Chip Cookies
Chicken and baked Potatoes
Blackened Fish over Rice Pilaf
Upside Down Steamed Pork Belly
Lengua(beef tongue) in Mushroom Sauce
black pepper macarons with king crab and ikura
Lobster Mac and Cheese with cheddar, brie and gruyere
Breakage isn’t always a bad thing! It’s actually necessary to reach peak Flavortown when making Thai curry (Panang shown here). Sorry this isn’t the greatest presentation - I couldn’t help but have a taste before snapping the shot.
Get Your Free Keto Cookbook (Physical Print Version)!
Pomegranate &amp; gingerbread caramel cream tart
fancy sushi
pumpkin cheesecake with caramel
Mall teriyaki chicken and fried rice
Capybara Bread
Pancakes, scrambled eggs, and sausage
Nutella stuffed chocolate chip w/ Maldon sea salt.
Buffalo Chicken Ranch Pizza w/ Bacon
sausage, potatoes and spinach with homemade tomato garlic sauce
Crispy Cream Cheese Wontons
Baked Cheese Bread with tomato’s and seasoning
spicy peach BBQ chicken pizza with chicken, bacon and bell peppers
Latke bar: queso, lox and sour cream, garlic mushroom
Pizza from a vending machine
Fish tikka wrap (Missing in the picture - Mint Mayo)
Dong Phuong bakery style king cake with praline filling.
My Secret Vault is a CHEF'S DREAM
Bucatini carbonara
Dorada Fish with sliced orange,steamed baby carrots and broccoli.
Bangkok floating market noodles
French Chicken
Pork with sauerkraut &amp; kimchi dumplings (boiled). dipping sauce: chilli oil, soy sauce, rice vinegar.
Peking-ish duck
Marzipan filled Chocolates
Prawns in Singapore Chilli sauce
Cherry Cheesecake
Pistachio “Ferrero Rocher” Chocolate Truffles
Scones and jam
ahi poke tower for Monday-night dinner.
My great aunt made this for my grandpa’s birthday
Mushroom, garlic, thyme, ricotta filled tortellini in creamy white wine sauce
Vanilla chiffon, Buttercream frosting, Fondant unicorn accessories
upgraded canned sisig
Softshell crab &amp; banana blossom salad
Nồi trụng bún phở 20L gọn nhẹ dễ dàng sử dụng dụng và bố trí trong gian bếp. Thiết kế hiện đại đẹp mắt đồng thời có công suất lớn giúp đáp ứng nhanh lượng khách tăng cao khi cần. Đa năng khi sử dụng ngoài trụng bánh phở còn làm nồi trụng hủ tiếu, trụng mì hoặc trụng rau sống.
Are these food creations criminal or genius?
Sunday Roast (Ribeye, Potatoes, Carrots, Parsnips, Cabbage, Yorkshire Pudding, and Gravy)
Vanilla, whites chocolate caramel birthday cake!
a more traditional lasagne alla Bolognese with freshly made spinach egg pasta sheets.
My bowl today
Bint al-sahn is a Yemeni sweet food .. one of the best ... provided with honey .
spaghetti carbonara w/ duck prosciutto
Chocolate Soufflé - I’m a pretty novice baker but I loved this
Dan Dan Mian
Tantan Ramen
spicy sticky pork ribs, Spanish rice, and street corn.
steak cake tastes just the best
Chicken souvlaki
soft chocolate chip cookies
Shakshouka for brekfast
Lamb Shank with Herbes de Provence
grilled chicken.
Sticky Toffee Pudding
Neapolitan Cookies
Oatmeal and Raisin Cookies
Veggie Lovers Pizza
Papusas of many flavors and Pastelitos
McDonalds international restaurant HQ
Filet Mignon w/ Chimichurri, Hasselback Potato, and Roasted Green Beans
BBQ Chicken Thighs and Tenderloins
chilaquiles verdes
Norwegian Christmas BBQ pork ribs
Three mushroom and pancetta, in a creamy white wine sauce
Shrimp Tacos Extremely Simple and Delicious
Chicken and Veggie Pot stickers
Filo pastry pot pie
Baked Lasagna!
iguana
Veggie and barley soup cooked in a viking pot over coals.
Carnitas on Homemade Tortillas
Elk fillet steak
Hand Picked Mushrooms
Glazed ham
attempt on smoked St. Louis cut ribs.17 year old home cook
Rice krispy treats
Italian-style pizzas with common toppings in Italy
GOLLUM READS, Children's Books | Bilal Cooks Daal
Sun-dried Tomato Pesto
Miso ramen, pork loin, 6 minute egg, scallion and toasted sesame seeds
Happy Halloween
I’ve been learning to cook for myself and eat healthier the last year or so. My nicest steak so far.
Chicken curry and chapattis
Fried meatloaf with a honey sriracha glaze served on homemade macaroni and cheese topped with fried onion pieces.
Mix Berry Pie
chocolate peanut butter popcorn rice krispy treat
12 hour Smoked Super Bowl Brisket
Beef Wellington w/Truffle Risotto
French Toast with Guava jam
steak tacos with a strawberry-jalapeño salsa and goat cheese.
Chocolate sponge cheesecake with raspberry jelly and chocolate ganache.
Chicken Meatballs with Alfredo Spaghetti
kalakand, indian milk cake 🥰
Waffles
Salted Caramel and Strawberry Bon Bons
Black Roux Seafood Gumbo
From ‘Supernova’ to a Viral Video, Stanley Tucci Is Having a Moment - Variety
Calabrese sausage, gorgonzola cheese and basil Neapolitan style pizza.
Slow cooked brisket. 🤤San Antonio, Tx.
Ice Cream Cake (Chocolate, Marshmallow, Coffee, Banana)
orange dessert with custard filled beignets
Prosciutto, provolone and vinegar dressed arugula with green olive and black pepper mayo on fresh focaccia
Cheeseburger with homemade garlic dill pickles
Biscoff Cheesecake with toffee and Biscoff sauce
Mango Habanero Chicken Salad
Bf’s  biscuits and gravy
Rabbit in mojo marinade with Salsa arriera
Prime beef brisket.
soft pretzel scotch eggs with beer cheese
Filet w/ Twice Baked Potato
Chicken and sausage gumbo
Rookie &amp; quick Garlic Butter Shrimp
Latke Benedict with asparagus
Best Burger! I made Guga's recipe and put my own spin on the secret sauce. It came out great for an amateur home chef!
Crispy Chicken Burger
A perfect barbecue sandwich
Sushi Plate
Ground turkey stir fry w/ fried egg
Butterfly pea blue flower jelly
Coconut cream pie 🥧
Breakfast Burrito
traditional spaghetti carbonara notwithstanding peas
Sushi Rolls
Fried chicken sandwiches with spicy honey butter.
Strawberry &amp; Chocolate Cake
Classic Canadian POUTINE
Hong Kong Egg Tart Macaron France 🇫🇷 X Hong Kong 🇭🇰 Dessert
pull apart bread
Tamago kake gohan and bacon
New York Steak Dinner with some 45 Day Dry Aged Ribeye slices.
Bacon, avocado, egg and cheese sandwich on toasted white bread
waffles
apple crisp
#sousvide #yes
Salmon filet w/ lemon dill cream sauce, brown butter seared scallops, roasted brussel sprouts
Christmas dinner 2019
"" i ate Gratin turkey and potatoes easy and simple Recipe
Leftover lamb Ragu with pasta and garlic bread
Shake Shack Burger
Pork belly Ramen
selfmade falafel
fermented ginger beer
- Hatch Chile. Roasted and peeled 25lbs today.
gingerbread whoopie pie
pepperoni and sausage pizza
Tuscan pork stuffed bell peppers
Chicken Sandwich with cabbage and French Fries.
Apple Pie Oatmeal
Korean Bingsu
Broccoli, rice and cheddar stuffed peppers
a crispy garlic bread bowl filled with gooey brie.
Smoked brisket Frito chili pie.
Cheetos Bag of Bones- White Cheddar
this pepperoni pizza
tried some fancy donut toppings (maple/bacon, cinnamon sugar, powdered, chocolate glaze, fruity pebbles, and mermaid). :)
SpAcE CaRrOts - Roasted Carrots with Sunflower dressing
Potatoes Au Gratin
Grilled Teriyaki Chicken Breasts
The United States of Christmas Cookies. 🇺🇸🎄
Deviled Eggs and favorite curry seasoning. I highly recommend trying it. So good!
Three Cheese White Pizza with Artichoke
house made bacon 🤤🤤🤤
Chocolate Berry Cheesecake (Tripe Cheesecake with blueberry/strawberry/milk chocolate layer and a homemade blueberry glaze😊
احتفالات رأس السنه كلب لطيفة
Pigeons rubbed with spices on the bbq
Stay Wealthy! Practice to eat 'some' "" ....juice it, steam it, enjoy it!
Blueberry muffins. Tell me what you think about this one!

Spicy curried noodle soup with homemade deep fried chicken
Chicken Pot Pie (chicken cast iron skillet pie)
bossam (Korean steamed pork with all the side dishes)
Recently had brain surgery. Sent this to my cousin and he said it belongs here.
Wine braised short rib with mushrooms, shallots, garlic and thyme. Rosemary buttermilk mashed potatoes.
Wagyu T-Bone Steak
Fried Egg BLT on Sourdough
Korean fried chicken
Butter Pecan Moonshine Cheesecake
pork schnitzel and sage spaetzle with a lemon caper sauce
Mushrooms with Steak and Brussels Sprouts
Green Chili Chicken Tamales
Classic Choc Chip Cookies!
attempted a Philly cheesesteak in honor of Pennsylvania
Anyone Knows about Tokyo Treat Japanese Snacks Subscription??
Lemon-Lime Tart
Prairie Breeze Cheddar Sourdough
Vegetarian Borscht with Beans
sourdough of the day —&gt;
glazed chicken on fresh noodles and veggies
Beef Tri Tip
Lu rou fan
Pineapple stuffed with shrimps
Palmiers
Chocolava cake with Moose track Icecream
Smoked ribs w/dry rub
Burger made with Pure Farmlands
Mario cake
Lamb Barbacoa Tacos
Summer sausage pasta
Puff Pastry Christmas Tree with Chocolate and Coconut Flakes
Sundried Tomato Eggs on Toast with Chocolate Walnut Banana Bread
my take on beef plate ribs!
Bagel Sandwich
Creamy pasta (cheesy white sauce)
3 ingredients No bake Cream - o Cheesecake
spooky sugar cookies
Smoking turkeys. 18 hours to go.
Prime Rib
Toasted ciabatta with cream cheese, fried bacon, fried mushrooms, poached eggs, avocado, salmon, tomatoes, cucumber, radish, brie and rocket salad
Rumpsteak with autumn vegetables and potatoe wedges
Caramelle Ravioli with Black Trumpet, Ricotta, Preserved Lemon and Leek Caper Filling
BBQ ribs
Chocolate Mousse Cake with a Walnut Crust
Raindrop Cake
Chili &amp; chips
Beef short rib braised in red wine with Savoy and mash potatoes
Jack-o'-lantern Cheeseburgers and Fries
chicken croquettes and prosciutto wrapped asparagus
mug bread grilled cheese with tomato soup
Ham with homemade cornbread, garden grown lemon and herb spaghetti squash and redskin mashed potatoes+gravy
Oh yeah girl
BLTE with Caesar dressing.
Made an apple pie without burning down the house!
Almond Cookie
Banana and almond drizzle cake
Creamy and healthy banana mikshake
bacon jalapeño popper grilled cheese
Delicious and healthy
For the people out there I present you-.. the big boi burger !!
Beef &amp; Mushroom burger with Truffle Brie fondue and arugula on a brioche bun
Meatballs and Potato Wedges
Lobio a traditional bean dish in Georgian cuisine "
Egg &amp; Avocado Toast, topped with red pepper and oil
Fried Chicken sandwich with mayo and pickles with a side of fries
Cheesecake with cherries
first time making donuts
Malted brownies 😋
chicken tortilla soup! (Sans tortillas)
Standing Rib Roast and Yorkshire Puddings
Crunchy, yet squishy. That's how I like my pizza dough.
Apple Blackberry Pie. Very happy with the crust!
Roasted Turkey Tenderloin, Brussel Sprouts, and Potatoes.
Burger topped with Bacon, cheese fondue, lettuce, cajun mayo and red onion confit + cheesey bacon fries
braised shortrib and cabbage with fried rice
Snack: frozen sunflower seed butter. Melts in the mouth and has the texture of a chunk of chocolate. You can stir in chocolate chips, seasoning, or sweetener if you want before freezing. But I prefer to just eat it straight

chocolate cake donuts
Douhua with Strawberry/Blueberry flavor
Spanish rice with chicken
Broccoli Cheddar Soup in a Bread Bowl
Breakfast for dinner! Cheesy eggs, applewood bacon, waffles &amp; hash browns.
First post Ever, Reddit My favourite thing to bake Cheesecake. Orange and passion fruit.
Fried shrimp and stir fried veggies over a garlic rice
Toppings plate for Taco Tuesday
Rigatoni allá Ragú
https://mealpreprs.com/low-carb-zucchini-enchiladas/
Spaghetti 🍝
Shrimp Dumplings
Matcha Pancakes topped with Choc Chio Icecream, Strawberries, Popcorn and Maple Syrup
Kimchi pancake - authentic Korean dish
Shakshuka with Feta and Green tahini Sauce
Chilli Prawns - Restaurant Style Cooking !
Chow mein
three cheese pizza
Doritos Smokin' BBQ and Lemon Lime flavored Mountain Dew Ice
pistachio rose water (cup)cakes!
Coconut milk and mango chia seed pudding
Chinese Char Siu BBQ Waffles
chicken lo mein
The Waffle Brownie
leg of lamb
Chocolate Oreo Crepe Cake
Clam chowder
Tips for a high quality breakfast dish using salmon?
Pepperoni pizza and garlic knots
Pad See Ew with chicken
Prosciutto and Salami Pizza with Parmesan, Ricotta, and Mozzarella Cheese
CHIC-FIL-A
Waygu beef, grilled mushrooms, oven baked broccoli and homemade fries
Swiss Roll Cake low calories
Smoked Cornish Game Hen with Potato Wedges
Roasted pork chop with lentils, cabbage roll and chia chips
Today's bbq jerk chicken!
The rare tri boop
crab fried rice
Japanese Ramen Noodle Soup
Macaroni &amp; Tomatoes and Buttered Cornbread
Hamburgers &amp; fries I made
Neapolitan Prosciutto Crudo with Arugula
Pork Steak, potatoe wedges, arugula with Lemon and Parmigiano-Reggiano
tried a new dough recipe
My wife's Mojarra frita y coconut arroz
Buttermilk friend chicken
Sprouts cooked in bacon fat and honey w walnuts
Oat pancakes with berries and Greek yogurt
NY Style Bagels. Beginner attempt: too dark outside, not baked enough inside, decent chewy crust, various toppings. Will try again!
Omelette aux girolles
Ground Chicken Sub
Hot Toddy Tea
https://ift.tt/36n93Ej
Squid Ink Pasta with Black Truffles
Swai curry
Apple Stickers, Straws: Archaeologists Discover 2,000 Plastic Pieces at Historic Site in Wales - News18
Vegetarian spicy veggie and egg ramen. Done by me 😁
Giant Barnacle
Pot Roast!
baked clams
Fried rice in egg crepe with T-bone steak
500g/19oz of Argentinian marinated sirloin steak
Seared scallops on pureed carrots with sautéed zucchini and pickled radish, topped with brown butter and dill.
pumpkin wreath pie
Spicy &amp; Bone broth Hot Pot
Chili thickened with Panko
Mashed Potatoes, Baked Asparagus with Creamy Garlic Scallops
Basa with oven roasted broccoli and Brussels sprouts and garlic parmesan parsley mashed potatoes
Lemon Blueberry Cheesecake
4 Hour Pork and Beef Bolognese
Deconstructed Patatas Bravas
Taco Soup
hi all! if i were to make this would the parmesan cheese be very important for flavour? (this is pumpkin mac n cheese btw)
Grandma Pizza
Orange Chicken inspired by Snoop Dogg
Chirashi bowl!
Rosemary garlic lamb with onion rice
Yoghurt banana bread with oreo
Quick-pickled jalapenos
Apple &amp; Pear tart with ginger - before oven.
Chicken Pulao
Carnitas breakfast plate
Chicken dum biryani @home steam cooked
Chicken ramen with shiitake mushrooms, scallions, radishes, and ponzu sesame seasoning
beef and mushroom stroganoff
16 oz sirloin in the cast iron for lunch today
Thick honey garlic chicken
Steak sandw on Ciabatta with Arugula, Carmelized Onions and Gorgonzola with a spread of Garlic Mayo
Cinnamon roll donuts
Thanksgiving cheeseboard
Christmas Souffle
Cinnamon Rolls with Icing
Fried cabbage with bacon.
Soft Pretzels!
Chicken Madras with pillau rice.
Takoyaki
Steak Fajitas!
Moroccan couscous with veggies and caramelized onions
Original Breakfast House’s famous Chicken Fried Chicken with deep fried French toast and strawberry pop tart
Smoothie with 1 banana, 1 orange, berries and 1,5 dl yoghurt
Fried Chicken Sandwich w Mayo, Lettuce, and Pickles
Pumpkin Pie for Election Day
Cheese and veggie charcuterie board with Bogle red wines and bruschetta on the side (put together at home)
Raided the pantry cause the fridge was empty. Came out with a nice penne with garlic, cheese, fire roasted tomatoes, some parsley and pepper
I made some garlic prawns and potato salad
Breakfast quesadillas with homemade salsa verde
Grilled Cajun Catfish Poboy served with a lightly spiced tartar sauce
Frozen mixed berries with yoghurt sorbet
Christmas nomz. Chorizo and egg tacos , spicy pork tamales and waffles.
Cake bars for an afternoon tea party. Carrot, lemon, and death by chocolate.
Hand-cut steak tartare with miso, and fingerling potatoes
carnitas and carne asada tacos
Steamed spicy calamari
Duck confit, crispy fingerling potatoes, braised red cabbage and apple with butternut squash puree
Soufflé pancakes
Bacon Chili Cheeseburger with deep fried onions, homemade chili and topped with jalapeños and fried onion croutons
Seasoned and Grilled Chicken on Top of Diced Sicilian Olives and Red Onion
Bacon Chicken Alfredo Pizza!
Creamy chicken with broccoli,corn and cheese ☺️
How To Make  Nacho Cheese Sauce Recipe
carmelized onion &amp; triple cheese quiche (New York Times recipe). Smelled so yummy it brought a raccoon to my door.
fire pit s’mores made with a Reece’s cup
'Was Reading Script Given by Farmers', Masked Man Makes U-turn in Viral Video, Being Quizzed by Haryana Polic - India.com
Neopolitan pizza with no knead dough!
Black bean soup with leftover mojo pork and pico
Pumpkin chocolate chip cookies
Hotel breakfast after a year at home!
When in Doubt , Go ALl in - @thebombaybakester On Instagram
'Chucky' Attacks Maskless NYC Subway Rider in Viral Video: WATCH - Towleroad
Chewy Hawaiian Butter Mochi Cake
Murcia-Spain
Spanakopita and Moussaka
Pulpo a las brasas
Sesame chicken over white rice
American Wagyu Short Beef Ribs
oven roasted chicken with lemon
Gochujang Sirloin Steak with Caramelized Onions and Rice/Quinoa Medley
Mahlzeit - Entenbraten. Soße mag ich nicht: das ist natürlich eine Ausrede, weil ich diese nicht fettarm hinbekomme. ""
Sichuan Boiled Fish Filet
Sweet Potato Soup.
pastel de tres leches
Chicken slices, rice and carrots, curry sauce, garnished with dill
Mutton Curry with Pulav , Bajra and Wheat Chapatis
banana blueberry pancakes
ramen with corn?
Calzone
Lox Bagel
Christmas Breakfast sub-2: bagels, house whipped cream cheese, red onions, capers and lox roses.
tortilla soup
Tex-mex Tacos and Sides
steak and greens
Sushi &amp; Sashimi Platter
Butter Poached Lobster, Leeks, Beet Essence and Pommes Maxim with a Panna Cotta and Citrus Tart with Pistachio, Walnut and Cardamom Crust.
Join the brand new “Italian Food” channel on Telegram for inspirations, recipes and insights on the best food in the world! 🇮🇹
Butternut Squash soup
https://ift.tt/36n93Ej
Duck confit poutine with caramelised whiskey onions. Not the prettiest looking dish but was still insanely satisfying.
French dip sandwich with sautéed onions and pepper relish and mozzarella on garlic loaf.
Chocolate cake topped with assorted macarons
braised short ribs
Asian Glazed Wings
Road commission investigates sinkhole on busy Clarkston road after video goes viral - WDIV ClickOnDetroit
chocolate Buche De Noel! Sorry for the bad angle
kimchi fries!
Orange pudding
left over turkey dinner baked in cast iron frying pan topped with puff pastry.
Surf n Turf with Parsnip purree
Apple roses
Lamb Souvlaki
Pasta Carbonara!
Pot of Pot Stickers
shells and meat sauce
chocolate souffle with creme anglaise
Rasmallai
a McRib🥇
Croissants
Mapo Tofu - spicy, numbing and savory
Taco Pizza
Baymax cupcakes for my 3yo big hero 6 fan 😍
soy noodle soup
Spicy Peanut Butter Fried Noodle
Korean traditional dish for New Year’s Day: Tteokgook (Rice cake soup) - wishing you a long healthy life!
It's a cold night for "" Beef stew,fresh carrot,potatoes,peas and onions.
Cooked Apple in syrup
a mother made perfect rectangle meat sandwich, I love my mom
Pan Seared Tofu With A Surprise Center!
Middle eastern breakfast🤤
Tone Bone's Takeouts (Episode 1)
Mini heart shaped cinnamon rolls
Grilled Salmon + Vegetable medley
Vietnamese meatballs, pineapple mangoes drink and (store bought) French mini baguette
Breakfast Quesadilla
Indian Thali
garlic pork chops and honey sriracha Brussels sprouts
braised slab bacon, egg yolk, fried cabbage, rice noodles and smoked soy broth.
Pizzas and gin with freshly picked lemon and rosemary
Chicken Wings
Chicken thigh and green beans.
Shrimp!
Smoked duck ramen
What could be better than a mac and cheese on a nice sunny day...
Vine leaves stuffed with ground meat and rice
bavette steak with chips and veg
a hot dog with coleslaw and chili
Anniversary at Quarantine Days
Smoked pork chop with baked acorn squash and apples, jalapeño cheesy grits and horseradish cream.
A movement begins...Stop Wars Cantina a nonprofit restaurant and soup kitchen. a wretched hive of food and community.
Aloo Gobi with Sumac onions
Bagel w/ Cream Cheese, Avocado, Homemade Gravlax, and Homegrown Sprouts
Tamales, Rice, Carnitas and Chicken
Triple Chocolate Donuts
Chicken Ka Salan
I Fried plantain and egg with fish 👨‍🍳
cod and parsnip fish cakes with a poached egg and horseradish and soured cream sauce.
cinnamon swirl blondies
pepperoni pizza
Shortrib Brisket Sirloin Burger on a Brioche Bun
A lot of candy!
Bringhe. A Filipino-version of a Paella
I made pizza flatbread with pesto Shrimp
Cabbage Rolls
how to make white chicken karahi in urdu
Beef Stew
My winter favourite: Quinoa flake porridge loaded with protein, gluten-free with low glycemic index
Sesame ground beef with veggies for lettuce wraps

Pernil, rice and beans, refried beans, and broccoli
Chicken Biryani!
Mongolian Beef
Philly cheese steak pasta baked in cast iron
Apple Walnut Cake
Best  Chewy Chocolate Cookies!
calamares with white vinegar.
goat cheese wheels with apricot jam
Pork Chop and an Apple and Radicchio Salad
Angus Beef, Brie, Foie Gras, blackberry jam in a burger.
Cheesy chicken sandwiches
sugar cookies of my cat! 😍
Shrimp and Salad
white pizza
Chicken Schnitzel, Spätzle and Bacon Mushroom Gravy
Burgers and Duck Fat Fries
Fat free and sugar free banana pancakes topped with honey, french ham and scrambled eggs
Soft Pretzels
Shortbread cookies with Kerrygold butter and lemon icing
Bandicoot Bar
Vegetable lasagna without oven recipe
Frozen instant pizza titivated with with homegrown jalapenos and red onion.
Big Mac and fries
Spicy Korean Fried Popcorn Chicken
fried eggs, crispy bacon, and toast
Marmalade and rum marinated ham
8 cheese pizza with sweet chilli jam.
hamburger
fruit stuffed turkey roulade
Fried noodles
schnitzel with red crushed chilly peppers and parsley
Crepes with ground turkey.
lamb pilaf with roasted brussel sprouts
perfect omelett
fruits with white cream-pie.
It's lunch
Coffee&amp;chile rubbed ribeye
bûche de Noël
Vegan """Aussie""" hamburgers
Lo mein
Mac and cheese with ham and peas.
Simple vegetable meal
Kimchi and Tuna fried rice (I'm on a diet somewhere between low carb-keto so there is a very little rice)
Japchae
The best “healthy” meal I’ve ever made!
Chiffon Roll Cake &amp; Yuzu Matcha Crepe Cake
Chicken Parm!
incredible chicken rice in the mountains of Vietnam // Yen Minh, Vietnam
Simple Spaghetti Carbonara 😍
Vegan sushi: Confit and roasted burdock root wrapped with confit leek and chives.
Grilled skirt steak and potatoes for lunch
Sweet &amp; Spicy noodles with chicken, garlic edamame &amp; rice
Torta Caprese, a traditional Italian chocolate cake, No Refined Sugar.
/ How to shuck ( open) an oyster an oyster like a Pro
Big Smoke sampler @ Montana's BBQ and Bar
Vegetable broth ramen
Fresh guava pie with a buttery flaky crust. Everyone loved it.
Roast Chicken and haricot vert
chicken gyros on salad, tomatoes and mozzarella
Waffles
Strawberries &amp; Nutella wrap
Roast lamb, roast potatoes and roast Brussels, mint sauce
Ratatoullie
Prime rib, avacado, and pepper jack sandwich with reduction sauce, served alongside apple-jicama slaw.
Toro and Yellowtail Donburi for breakfast
pork chop with broasted tri-color carrots and parsnips, mozzarella &amp; arugula salad with balsamic/mustard seed reduction, and garlic/EVOO couscous
Spicy marinated spareribs with homemade bread and other side dishes
Eat your heart out, Grogu
Bibimbap
Papa John's or domino's?🤔
Ahi Poke Rolls
Australia's Playing XI for 4th test: Paine confirms, 'Pucovski ruled out, Harris to start Aus innings with Warner' - InsideSport
Banana Pudding Cheesecake
tomato galette to celebrate the end of summer
Surf and turf for the fam
Salt baked whole fresh trout, wine braised leeks and citrus herb butter.
Brazilian Rice-balls
Rice Krispie Treat birthday cake
Ramen 🤤 🤩
Food Sitting in Pepsi for 7 Days
Made a pizza
Vanilla Caramel French Toast
Chou pastry with cream and berries
Butternut squash curry with a veggie salad!
Viral Video: Hero’s Mother Deadlifts 95 Kgs - Gulte
Coconut-butter mochi cake with black sesame filling
NY Strip, egg, and roasted potatoes with garlic infused oil
broccoli, egg, and cheese muffins
BBQ and noodles
Easy Homemade Butter Cookies
Chocolate Mug Cake!
Caramelized Leek And Mushroom Galette. Was tasty but told it looked like a butthole.
Cinnamon roll cake
crispy rosted veggies with fresh salad and pickled red cabbage
Cinnamon-star cake
Applepie with Vanilla icecream
cheesy pastrami and turkey sammy
Pork Char Siu
Beef Birria Tacos 🌮
I may not be the greatest cook in the world, but I did make yogurt, naan, and hummus and make a meal with all my favorite fruits and vegetables
Fluffy Japanese Soufflé Pancakes
Ravioli.....for got the pre digging in picture
Cheeseburgers
🎑Hobart Snowy and baked mooncake🥮🐰 Red bean, durian, taro, chestnuts and purple potato!
Red beans, Stew chicken, Macaroni pie, white rice, Plantain and some salad to top it off.
Christmas Dinner, Just my Hubs and I
Is this a parasite on my  pangasiusfilet ??!! Please answer before my food gets cold lol
Chicago Deep Dish Pizza
Domino's Pizza style lasagna
Côte de boeuf
Idli and coconut chutney
Guguţă’s hat
Ribeye, mushroom spinach rissoto, and asparagus
honey walnut shrimp
Brisket- 12 hours at @250 degrees. Smoked over oak with hickory chips
Pasta with clams
fettuccine alfredo with spinach
Pizza with ricotta cheese and salami
Since it’s apparently National Nugget Day here in the US, here’s a KFC Famous Bowl with nuggets using Gardein Chick’n Scallopini
I made egg cavatelli and squid ink mafaldine.
salad with seared tuna
BLT baguette
Brioche French Toast with Cheesecake Bites, Bananas, Whipped Cream and Caramel Sauce
Brown Sugar Bubble Tea Ice Cream
BBQ lamb shoulder, hummus, baba ganoush, pickled vegetables and tabouli.
Cast Iron Soy-Sriracha Burgers w/ Jalapeño, Emmentaler &amp; Arugula on Toasted English Muffins
Aguachile
Sable Tart with Cranberry Curd.
seafood risotto
I made Pozole Verde for my family for dinner tonight, while almost losing my eyesight (thanks Poblano Pepper!)
Brisket in brine for 2 days and smoker for 7 hours
Grilled four cheese &amp; ham on homemade sourdough bread.
Hotdog and beer. In the middle of nowhere and 4 below zero.
Shepard’s Pie
Baja shrimp tacos w/ pickled onions
Palabok
Almond flour bread
Egg Pie.
Pistachio Baklava
Onion Bread 36hr proof No kneading required
4-cheese Baked Mac &amp; Cheese
Pepperoni pan pizza!
Raising some Pizzadough. 6h in. 6h to go. Already looking like a monstrosity!🤤
Sweet Potato, Chickpea, and Kale Coconut Curry
Riff on a scallop bisque recipe. The bisque was better than the scallops! Ingredients and rough recipe in comments.
Chilli
Turkey Lahmacun
Chorizo Stuffed Poblano Peppers
100 hour brownies
Goat curry with rice and peas.
chicken tikka masala
Tonkotsu Ramen
Champorado(sweet chocolate rice porridge in Philippine cuisine)
Turkey pizza
Seasoned baked potato fingers
I made pizza with  sausage and bacon
Jamaican Patties
Dinner on the balcony of our new apartment.
Balsamic Glazed Chicken
Pork With Cashew Nuts
butter mochi
This week's sourdough loaves 😁
I made a cake for my bf and I ‘s anniversary 💕 It's a Lemon and Rosemary cake with a lemon cream cheese frosting and candied lemons on top!
Do You Keep Cash in a Bank Locker? If Yes, This Viral Video is a Must Watch! - India.com
mango smoothie
burger
Pull Potato https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZSLv3VZcfmc
Vegan heart-shaped Strawberry Pancakes with Coconut Whipped Cream ❤️
Smoked brisket, Pork spare ribs, Greek Chicken, Sausage, Corn on the cob
Hemingway Burger
Triple berry chocolate truffle cake
Mac and cheese. Comfort food
Beer Poached &amp; Grilled Brats; Sauteed Red Cabbage &amp; Bacon w/ Apples &amp; Apple Cider Vinegar; Homemade Gnocchi Seared in Bacon Fat
Quail Eggs, Scotched. They turned out so good! And honestly easier than scotched hen eggs!
Nachos Supreme!
Smoked Burnt Ends aka meat candy
Duck fat slow-cooked chicken feet
24 Foods That Starts with X
Chicken noodle soup.
Bangladeshi best food fuchka
seafood stew with local clams, shrimp and fish
Creamy Shrimp Tagliatelle
Quail Eggs Sunnyside Up
Griddled pepperoni and cheese on sourdough bun. Swiss, American and cream cheese
fried apple pie
Autumn Color Sugar Cookies
Fried Calamari
Zaatar bagels and jalapeno cheddar bagels
garlic roasted potatoes for dinner last night!
Creamy spicy chicken pasta with bacon 🍝
Ka'ak Ajwa.
ginger cumin beef with Homemade pickled onions and Lao Gan Ma chili crisp
Tonkatsu w/ rice noodle &amp; veggie stir fry
Pulled pork bao buns
pasta!
Chocolate Bites Recipes
Pulled pork sliders
Cheeseburger Pasta With Grass Fed Beef and Cavatappi
УЖАС Арбуз !! Crazy Cooking ACMP cтоп моушен/Мукбанг
Baked tortillas - the tortillas are also homemade
PMO Pizza - Cooked
Curry sweet potatoes with harissa spiced chickpeas and cilantro chutney
Chashu Pork
Chocolate bobka
Chocolate steamed bun
sausage, egg, cheese, and avocado on bagel
Samose with mint chutney
Muenster cheese and garlic pickles.
Turkey Brat, Baked Beans, Midget Dills &amp; Wisconsin Cheddar Cheese
Tuna fish, crackers and cheese board
Pan fried duck with a red wine jus and par boiled potatoes and asparagus fried off with butter, rosemary and balsamic vinegar
Baklava
Spicy Chicken Noodle Soup.
Chorizo Bread
Mango Habanero Chicken Tacos
Gnocchi, italian sausage and sun dried tomato cream sauce, spinach
Braided Apple Strudel
Who wants KFC?
Kalbi
Cornmeal buns
Thin crust pizza.
Ceviche Tostada
The Art Of Steak 👨🏾‍🍳
Attempt at Sous Vide Ribeye
5 Cheese Pizza
appel roses with apricot jam and cinnamon !
Korean Lunch Selection
Burrata
Beef Dip Sandwich
18 lbs 22hr Sous Vide Prime Rib.
Surf &amp; Turf: Reverse seared filet mignon w/ a spicy, cajun shrimp pasta
Panipuri (Puchka) in Indian Street
Venison &amp; Lobster. A little more historically accurate
Korean short rib plate
sweet potato tacos
Québécois Maple Cream Pie
Bento with Fried Egg, Sesame Chicken Wings and Vegetables
A Texas style afternoon snack Serrano kielbasa (Ziggy’s kielbasa) with saltine crackers and yellow mustard
Greens and Butternut Squash Pumpkin Pie
Gnocchi with tomato sauce!
thai coconut soup
Cinnamon Roll Cake with butterscotch sauce
Pulled Pork and Coleslaw Wraps
Duo in car trying to escape cops seen in viral video charged with attempted murder - The Star Online
generic pretzel
Mushroom and cheese calzone!
Mediterranean friendly dinner, my sig other has been put on a restricted diet...we’re not yet 40, no biggie...
Turkey Carcass Soup
Mary Berry Christmas Cake
Egg white turkey pepperoni breakfast pizza.
poutine impossible burgers
Matcha mochi donuts
Cacio e Pepe
Thanksgiving dinner. Oven roasted turkey, mashed potatoes, green beans, Mac and cheese, and stuffing with sausage.
steak, hasselback potatoes, and bok Chou!
turkey burger sliders
Burrata 🍝
Crab stuffing in crab shell
Braided Beef Short Ribs
Spinach artichoke dip
https://ift.tt/2Y9dNsq
Grilled flank steak, potatoes, red peppers, and asparagus
Matcha Latte and Earl Grey Chocolate Pie
Salmon with honey soy glaze and sesame green beans with green onion
steamed dumplings, hotpot, tanghulu
christmas turkey with bacon lattice 😊
Harry Potter Unicorn Cake
Gordon Ramsay scrambles egg
Grilled Prime Rib
neapolitian strufoli for cristhmas eve
Ultimate Potato Soup
cabbage soup
Dark chocolate cake with cream cheese frosting and chocolate covered strawberries
cheatin' cabbage soup (diet) in my new pioneer woman crockpot :)
Reports: Viral video of man getting hit with can of Twisted Tea happened at Ohio gas station - The Cincinnati Enquirer
Mary Berry's classic Christmas cake
Smore cake
a handcrafted meringue dusted with chocolate!
General Tso's chicken
Thanksgiving tapas
Oven-Baked Butternut Squash
Lentil tacos with pepper jack cheese and spinach topping
SBlounskched! Bars.
Chick-fil-A fried chicken sandwich (recreated)
Bun Xao Bo (Vietnamese stir fried rice noodles with beef) Marinated cucumbers Both topped with my Actually Hot Vietnamese hot sauce
My friend sent me this
Petrossian caviar, blinis, black truffle chip, creme fraiche, chopped egg and onion
Tilapia with almond parsley gremolata &amp; roasted carrots over garlic Israeli cous cous
DELICIOUS Brownie Carmel Cheesecake.
Jerk chicken with salmon Rasta pasta
Soldier, 16-year-old charged in death of Fort Drum corporal found shot, buried under snow - NBC News
Nut Butter Bites made with Espresso morsels.
Hotpot 🍲 ...really great comfort food in winter! :)
'We have the video. Thanks for the video.' Police chief vows crackdown on I-55 'drag racers' - Clarion Ledger
Ham and cheese omelette with toast
Cat Rice
Iron skillet pizza w pepperoni, ground beef, basil.
Gingersnaps
Asian chicken sauté
Rama-Lama-Ding-Dong Big Breakfast
Barbacoa Tacos on Corn Tortillas with Pico de Gallo and Guacamole
Vietnamese spring rolls with pork and shrimp
Fried cheese, cured pork and eggs
- Roasted Chicken w/Buttered Noodles
Baked Chicken Parmesan
Mushroom stuffed pelmeni soup with carrots, potatoes, spinach
White Bread with Poolish Pre-Ferment.
Crunchwrap cheeseburgers with shake shack imitation sauce
Dragon Meat Pie
Jazzed up with Kimchee, leftover bacon, green onions, carrots and grape tomatoes. Topped with a poached egg.
Garlic and Bacon Brussel Sprouts
Garlic roasted lamb rack, sauteed brussel sprouts in balsamic vinegar, mashed potatoes.
coconut macaroons
Chunky Chicken Noodle Soup (with egg noodles) and Rosemary Bread Bowls.
https://ift.tt/2LPgzke
Peach cobbler ice cream
Spicy Mexican shrimp fajita tacos w/ blue corn tortillas and cilantro garlic creamy sauce. Served w/ rice, beans, cotija cheese and pickled jalapeños, carrots, daikon and radish.
Butter chicken with homemade Naan bread
Red Leicester Cheese Omelette
Spaghetti bolognese
chicken stock
Chicken Tikka Masala with Garlic Naan
Lemon Meringue Pie
Smoked eggplant in Arrabbiata sauce
my  cheesecake with berries. I'll probably eat it all today
Lomi Batanggas
Uni Risotto from Nikkei
chicken and waffles
Cajun chicken with brown rice and zucchini
Double cheeseburger and fries
salmon - asparagus - tomatoes and jam
Tiramisu with Baileys
Philly Cheesesteak on a Homemade Bread Roll
Cayeye. Guineo verde, butter &amp; cheese.
Lotus cheesecake
Crab Cake Eggs Benedict and Grits
only a half a package of bacon
Yogurt cake
Chicken Phyllo pie
Apple turnovers with Chai glaze.
Vegetable lo mein
Chicken Burrito Sushi
Mushroom and Leek Pasta
Pumpkin Cheesecake with cinnamon whipped cream.
Chicken Jalfrezi Recipe (Restaurant Style) ""
Reverse-Seared Filet Mignon w/Herb Butter on Roasted Garlic Mashed Potatoes and Grilled Asparagus
A bit of everything for Thanksgiving
smoked char siu pork pizza
"" New Year Cookies!
chicken tikka masala with garlic and coriander naan, served on a care bear plate for the finishing touch x
Rotisserie chicken ramen
pizza is the best pizza
Lamb Kabob Wrap
Gratin dauphinois
Salmon Broccoli Shrimp
Crispy chicken skin and hummus
Guys, I found out this website that gives you a free psychic reading, and they are really good
Duck Egg Korma
made the thanksgiving Mac n cheese that makes everyone go “who brought the Mac n cheese?” Super super proud of myself
Detroit Pizza
How to register on Coinsbit Learn Everything Fast
Ham and Cheese Sandwich
Tortellini and marinara sauce topped with ricotta and basil
chocolate raspberry cake with chocolate genache
Pumpkin spice cupcakes with cinnamon cream cheese frosting.
Gluten Free Chocolate Guinness/Stout Cake
Pretzel nachos
Chicken breast with romesco
Lemon Garlic Turkey
Lasagna Fritta
carrots
Steamed chicken with Goji berries and Shiitake mushroom
A dessert boat from Zuma :)
Cheese &amp; Noodles
12 Lunch Ideas Under 400 Calories ,
Homemade Pizza night!
Peanut Butter Chicken Pad Thai
WATCH: 10th Mountain shoot-house video: CSM responds to viral video! - HITC - Football, Gaming, Movies, TV, Music
Cheese and tapas
Pizza Carbonara
No need to complicate Tuna grill pan fried steak
Broccoli, chicken and ramen.
Chicken club with Chipotle Mayo
Kashmiri lamb
Spinach salad with egg, parmesan, yellow cheese, rucola, sesame and honey.
Christmas Lunch with Roast chicken, roast potatoes, Yorkshire puddings, peas &amp; gravy.
Veggie burger &amp; crispy sweet potato fries
Oreo Pizza Pie
British Indian restaurant style chicken tikka masala
Unicorn and and Poppy themed cupcakes
vegan cheese fondue burger with caramelized onions, sautéd king oyster mushrooms syracha and soysauce vegan mayo. 😗😊🤭🤤
Caprese salad
Japanese Milk Bread Rolls
Croque-madame, avocado on top
Fish and Chips
chicken gyros
Chef John’s crispy sriracha &amp; honey wings
M&amp;M cookies
spaghetti bolognasa with some extra meat
Blood pudding, mashed potatoes and steamed vegetables
Linguini carbonara
spaghetti carbanana (I’m sorry please don’t ban me XD)
My attempt at Korean beef bulgogi and sticky rice.
Poutine, Gravy
80s themed cake
Gluten-Free Beef (Boeuf) Wellington
one serving Jasmine Rice
Pizza 🍕
General Tso's Chicken and Vegetable Fried Rice
Chicken Tandoori with Vegetables
Raspberry Iced Tea
Crawfish étouffée over rice with toasted French bread.
Meatball Sub
Nashville hot Chicken w/ Brioche Buns
Marshmallow hot cocoa
Dirty Q-Tips
Tiramisù
potato skins
Fried Potatoes, Savoy Cabbage &amp; Bacon, Fried Egg
Leftover chocolate cake
"My dad is a Janitor. He is my pride."
Strawberry Banana Smoothie | chilled | very easy &amp; tasty ""
Cake from a Korean bakery (no I didn’t eat it all in 1 sitting 😂). Vanilla-flavor with fruit and pudding in the middle layer.
food stuff and farm produce for 1/10 its price
shepherd’s pie with goat cheese
Charcuterie “Board” Dinner: Herb Salami, Roasted Almonds, Sprouts, Garden Cherry Tomatoes, Pear Slices, Green Olives, Parmesan Cheese, Peach Jam, and Black Truffle Mustard
Beef Pho
Taco Pizza - topped with marinara, pepperjack cheese, taco meat, olives, diced cherry tomatoes, jalapeños, chives, crush Dorito crumbs, sour cream, and salsa
Spicy Miso Ramen (Chicken)
Smoked turkey legs with an ancho chili rub
a meat and cheese platter
Mead (honeywine)! No special ingredients or equipment required. Well, almost...
Mint Pesto
I think I mastered the art of making bao buns!?!?!?
Breaded herring, mashed potatoes, lingonberries and cabbage
Takoyaki from a Korean Fried Chicken place. It was ok.
Galette des Rois with Hazelnut Cream
cherry pie
Spent 15 minutes looking around the house for, our newly adopted, Chappie, until finally finding him
Cracker Barrel Macaroni
Skirt Steak and Pot Noodle
S’mores Cookies. The mellows are supposed to be ghosts and the recipe called for tiny mellows. But it’s Spooktober. 🤷‍♂️
Lasagna for the weekend: two classic bolognese and one pesto
mediterranean barramundiBiden invites Pence to inauguration, calls Trump ‘incompetent' and says it’s good he won't attend - CNBC
,Desafio alimentar: Comer INSETOS FRITOS🤢 Funny Cooking - Stop Motion Co...
chili verde
spanakopita
Cannoli Chips &amp; Dip
Mini Apple Pie.
best pork roast I’ve even made !!
fries and frois
Carrot Sweet
Chocolate Torte with Hazelnut Gelato
spaghetti &amp; meatball
grilled cheese bagel with smashed avo and big mac sauce
Beef Noodle Soup
Diabetes
Salmon bois
Whole wheat white pizza with green peppers, onion, garlic, and anchovies
Lemon caper chicken with roasted potatoes and Greek salad
banana bread.
Turkey dinner.
That cup of coffee...
pizza - sorry gluten free folks. Recipe in comments.
Sausage and paneer curry
https://ift.tt/35TYmZs
Grilled T-bone and a baked potato topped with cottage cheese and a salad with blue cheese
fingerling loaded baked potatoes {7}
PARADOXO: COMER A MÃO DO ZOMBI PODE SALVAR OS MORTOS ? Cozinhando ASMR-S...
Rosemary Sourdough
Ribeye and stir fry
Beef yakisoba
India vs Australia: Ajinkya Rahane’s knock rattled the Aussies, says former selector Jatin Paranjpe - Times of India
Pledging to stay in White House, Trump urges Pence to 'come through' to steal second term - Times of India
Roasted butternut squash soup with sour cream, chives, and Extra Hot Truff hot sauce
Gluten-free Fried Chicken Bites
cottage cheese pudding with autumn vibes
Apple fritters
Caramelized brioche soldiers, a single strip of home smoked bacon candy topped with bacon and egg ice cream and sided with strawberry caviar, coffee with cream jelly, and extra dry champagne.
Swedish meatballs and potatoes.
osso-bucco with fresh pasta
Cinnamon Toast Shrimp
Shuwa, 8 hours slow cooked lamb
Surf &amp; Turf on bed of mashed potato &amp; asparagus with a sweet potato purée
potato and leek soup. IG: indian.esque
Quinoa Brown Rice With Beef
Curry powder seasoned grilled chicken, air-fried garlic potato, and green beans.
smoked brisket and ranch style beans nachos
pozole
bacon eggs Benny bottomless brunch
curried beef with rice and roast potatoes
Pasta for dinner!
Sausage &amp; Broccoli Rabe Pizza
Stack of raspberry pancakes
strawberry crunch bar cake
Chicken and ham pie, more mixture than I thought and I free styled the pastry but I think it looks good, hope it tastes good!
mini cheesecakes
Nachos with Quinoa and Lentil “ground beef”
the best banh mi (viet sub)!
it may not look like much, but after years of mental health issues to the point I couldn't provide for myself, I'm still getting used to eating lunch regularly and a simple meal of falafel, pita, red pepper houmous, baby beetroot and homemade Mediterranean lentil salad feels like a victory
Beef Wellington, breaded cauliflower and broccoli &amp; carrots.
Sprinkle Cookies
Snapper en papillote with ginger, carrot, and spring onions, topped with a miso/sesame oil/tamari dressing.
Yellow &amp; Vanilla Cake with Chocolate Frosting
Grey peas &amp; bacon
Roasted red pepper and gouda soup.
Easy Blueberry lemon pound cake ( check my comment 👇)
Bratwurst from scratch
Earn Free Money and Get Free Gift Cards
Peanut Stew
Indian Butter Chicken with Rice and Broccoli
Chocolate peanut butter ripple ice cream
a fry and it came with 2 extra ones
Opinion on fried chicken?  or not
I call these Elvis Brownies - Peanut brownies topped with banana mousse.
Ribs and cauliflower done on the smoker and cornbread.
Poutine. Red skin potatoes, porcinis, mushroom gravy, pickled onions, cheese curd, and cilantro
Beef and Broccoli Teriyaki
Pan seared oven roasted drumsticks 🍗
A Cannibal's Feast
Breaking Bad birthday Breakfest
LEGO Among Us: When Mini Crewnates CRAZY for a HOTDOG - Stop Motion Funn...
Marinated Chicken Kebabs
collard greens
Pancakes for lunch
Spam/Eggs/Rice/Seaweed with some flair!
Greek Pork Chops and Butter noodles
Pizza Margherita con bufala at Gino Sorbillo
georges benedict. Chorizo, chipotle hollandaise.
Bilini topped with beetroot puree, smoked salmon, and caviar.
Shrimp ramen
khao niaow ma muang aka Thai mango sticky rice
Android 11 bricking Android One's Xiaomi Mi A3 - Nokiamob
I made a video where I made and ate a ball out of cheese
PULAO RECIPE HOME
Sticky Buns with pecans
Happy National Cheese Pizza Day!! Here I am at a local Italian restaurant about to get some YUMMY PIZZA!!

Rack of lamb with chimmichurri and roasted pepper salsa
Grilled rib-eye tacos with black beans - everything from scratch.
scrambled eggs and toast
Prosciutto pizza, with garlic oil sauce, arugula, shaved parm and balsamic glaze
Creamy blue-cheese infused Buffalo a Chicken Dip with caramelized onions on top!
charcuterie board
Chicken Tikka Masala.
Cinnamon coconut chocolate macarons
Penne Ragu Al Forno with mozzarella and chive
King Prawn Noodles
Garlic butter caramelized wild winter and maitake mushrooms over sushi rice topped with furakaki
Made my daughter her 1st full English breakfast
Baked chicken chimichanga with pico de gallo and queso; spicy Mexican rice &amp; refried beans
“” smoked elk meatloaf and candied bacon.
Cherry Cake Layer
Australian Wagyu Ribeye Sandwich
Miso ramen
Yunan Style Super Spicy Chilli Chicken and Flat Noodles
Super Soft Flatbread
Chicken thighs with oven roasted potatoes
Triple Chocolate Cookie
Beef, Chickpea+Fava Beans, and Beer Chili
Grilled Shrimp and Charred Kale &amp; Pesto sandwich
Tarte flambée with Vegetables, Sauerkraut, Tamari and spices
bruschetta with assorted grape tomatoes, Swiss chard, lentils and parmesan, over BBQ grilled levain bread.
Made some chicken tenders!
Homemade chicken shawarma on a bed of homemade hummus with feta and olives.
strawberry pavlova
fresh out of the oven sourdough french bread pizza.
SARMA part 2.
Sticky toffee cake
Healthy Banana Blueberry Pancakes with Honey Drizzle
Cantonese Chicken Soup with Gai Lan
Brant Lake Wagyu Ribeye, with Dill Roasted Carrots and Cider Braised Onions.
Ratatouille 👌🏼
Cinnamon Buns with cream cheese frosting
Black bean tacos
frito pie
Single-Origin Brownie Bite Flight
Cheese Ravioli
red velvet cake :)
ĂN MỲ Ý sốt SƠN TƯỜNG
Yaka Mein or Yock
red curry with crispy tofu
A special chocolate desert my mom made a while ago! There is homemade banana bread, caramel, and chocolate ice cream!
I present you...  butter!
Shepherd's Pie Gyoza
Fresh tagliatelle with a tomato and chili sauce
Takeout style cheeseburger
Karahi Gosht
Burst cherry tomatoe pasta with mint, pancetta and ricotta.
The Most Popular Types Of Sushi In Japan
scrambled eggs with bacon and toast
King Cake for 2021 Mardi Gras
Roasted cauliflower and ribeye
hey redditor, whats your opinion on this
café gourmand memory
Oven-baked honey chicken with homemade chili aoili, swiss cheese, lettuce, tomato, onion, chili pepper and honey mustard on a toasted hoagie roll
Biscoff cake with white chocolate ganache.
Brioche double burger, jack cheese with deep fried potato chip bits
Roast beef
Chirashi
Calories in 0.5 package(s) of Lean Cuisine Lasagna with Meat Sauce.
Flatbread pizza!
Firecracker Chicken
Smoked Turkey🔥! Happy Thanksgiving!
Tuna cubes on a crispy waffer
all-day lasagne
Beef Curry Sushi
Tacos Al Pastor
Accidentally made a little heart with one of my eggs this morning
butternut squash, sage, and smoked bacon risotto with an herby pork tenderloin
I think I just accidentally made Christopher Walken
Butter and Rosemary basted Steak, Bacon &amp; Shallot stuffed Mushroom, Lemon Thyme mash, Steamed Asparagus tossed in smoked Paprika, with Red Onion Marmalade and Pineapple Compote.
Grilled Pineapple with Brown Sugar
Moroccan Tajine
Eggless Brownies that I made
pasta shells w/ Rao’s marinara, sausage, bell pepper, onion, Mexican cheese mix
What  today for lunch: Arugula salad with a tomato and red onion vinaigrette and fresh tomato slices; fresh buffalo mozzarella balls; hommus and "marguerita" (tomato &amp; buffalo mozzarella) risotto.
Grilled chicken “wet” burrito
Toad in the hole. My ultimate comfort food!
Smashed cheeseburgers
Thai Milk Tea Flan with Boba
Earl Grey Cookies
Burrata Pizza
Korean spring rolls with beef, shrimps and some vegetable
Pulled pork Mac and Cheese
strawberry and pineapple jello
Neapolitan-Style Pizza
Poha Cheese Cutlets | सिर्फ 10 मिनट में बनाये क्रिस्पी पोहा चीज़ कटलेट्स ...
Hot Wings and Corn Fritters
Pan Seared Oven Baked Soy Garlic Chicken Breast
Crispy Chicken Sandwich
Pellet Smoked Brisket
A charcuterie board.
Hamburger with cheddar, bacon and caramelized onions
my bf’s burger
Hibachi style chicken, vegetables, and fried rice
Steamed pork and ginger dumplings
“”PorkBelly RibEye Burgers
BBQ Chicken &amp; Groundbeef Nachos w/  BBQ sauce
chicken satay (without skewers) in peanut sauce with cucumber salad and rice
Smoked flank steak fajitas
Chinese feast
PRETZELS. With a little added flair
Yamagata Beef
Korean Potato Cheese Pancakes done 2 ways and served with a spicy Korean Ketchup. Crispy fried mashed potatoes stuffed with gooey melty cheese, what more could you want! Check out episode 15 now on YouTube.
Ginger chicken spring rolls with spicy mustard sauce
Pizza 🍕
Ghanaian Jollof 👅🥙
Murder cookies
ham and jalapeno pizza
Katsu Sando
peri peri chicken with vegetables
Some awesome steaks at a restaurant
Mac and Cheese
Italian crusty garlic loaf, turkey chili, sour cream and shredded cheddar cheese
Spinach Tomato quiche
lasagna Stuffed Shells with Bruschetta
India's new covid-19 cases at 7-month low, active cases drop to 2.16 lakh - Mint
Bacon, ham, egg, and cheese on brioche toast.
https://ift.tt/3qPm9ly
Beef wellington with sides
Reindeer Macaron
Pork loin stuffed with caramelized onion, bacon and Parmesan Asiago.
A baked, Italian sausage dish made with layers of Italian sausage, ravioli, marinara sauce and grated Parmesan. I topped it with a mixture of panko and Parmesan to get a nice, crispy crust.
Korean Pa Jun with Gochujang before clinic!
Cranberry Balsamic Chicken and steamed green beans
4 Grilled cheese and tomato soup dip
kapsalon
Egg Scramble  😋
Using my sourdough starter, hand stretched
https://ift.tt/2Y4SuID
Apple pie cupcakes with cinnamon frosting
Sausage polenta with sautéed asparagus
Thánh Nấu Ăn - Làm PIZZA Từ Đồ Thám Tử Và Cái Kết - Crazy Chef ASMR/ Fun...
potatoes and minced meat sauce with mozzarella on top
Cheeseburger with bacon
Hash w/ sausage, potatoes, onions, and mushrooms
strip steak, eggs, potatoes, asparagus
Burger with Vegen petty and Eggs
Cheeseburger Pizza
Black Garlic-Beer-Bacon-Onion Jam n Cheddar Swirl Bread
https://teespring.com/stores/jojos-designs-6
Best dessert to make this Christmas
Crab, shrimp &amp; andouille sausage gumbo
Sausage, pretzel and sauerkraut with a beer in Neunburg.
BLT with Sweet Potato Fries &amp; Honey Mustard
Christmas Wreath Cinnamon Roll
Choco-flan
Spinach Gnudi
Dot Pasta, Caprese Salad and Grilled Broccolini
Lebkuchen (gingerbread cookies)
How to make Pasta with White Sauce.
this most delish chocolate chip cookie topped with Maldon sea salt flakes-- perfection with a glass of red wine!
DESTROY A SIREN HEAD ARMY for dinner - ASMR Comiendo Kluna Tik Style/ Mu...
Spicy Salmon and Zucchini noodled
Palabok with thick rice noodles
Duck we had recently
Dragon fruit Pie, blueberries, chocolate, hot cross buns, coconut, ginger, sugar.
Tiger Bread 🐯
Pepperoni Pizza with Peppers
Bacon cheeseburger and fries
Omakase
Red Curry Chicken with root vegetables
This beautiful cake my nan made
Fruits vegan cheesecake
Mediterranean style grilled Yellowfin tuna steaks with orange chili oil, roasted tomatoes and arugula on a bed of white bean puree and dressed with a deconstructed Kalamata olive tapenade.
Vietnamese chicken skewers
Scalloped potatoes
Shrimp + spam fried rice
Canned chili nachos (post-bake)
Jerked sriracha pork tacos with avocado crème fraîche and kiwi salsa verde
Triple Berry Crumble!
An egg im proud of
Chicken and Chestnuts and Stir-fried Tofu with Black Bean and Chili
Egg Everything Bagel with Lox
Broasted Chicken and Chips
Dry aged tomahawk.
Concha Breakfast Sandwich
Buffalo Bleu again. Cheese melted better.
ramen noddle served with galbih
Beef Wellington!
Nothing fancy, just chicken thigh, braised with herb butter and parsley&amp;parmesan mashed potato.
I have been observing this man from the last 10 years at the same place, same style and with same smile, selling murg haleem. He really impressed me. Do you think is it possible for us.
Spinach and Parmesan soufflé
sous vide picanha
Hot Chocolate after hours of shoveling.
Prime ribeye steak
Sautéed chicken and veggies. Teaching my daughter to cook has really paid off. She now cooks for me. Lunch with love
Vegetable Rice and Salad.
lobster soup
South African Yellow Rice
Palak Paneer with Naan
triple meat pizza: peppered salame, diced sopressata and spicy Italian sausage on mozzarella and cheddar cheeses
Tiny pancakes!
Simple chocolate cake.
Orange Chicken &amp; Cashew Salad
How do I deal with this??🤢
Breakfast desert, Simple and delicious
All natural Butterfly pea flower Panna cotta
Since it’s only me today, I made prime ribeye.
Smoked Mac and cheese!
smoked baby back ribs
Chipotle &amp; Tomato Marinated Chicken Thigh Tacos 😘
poutine
Hot Ones Challenge | UK Lockdown Edition
Potato soup
Toto’s pizza
Chicken Tikka Masala Cheese Quesadilla. Pro tip: take any and all leftovers, drop them in a tortilla with cheese and pan sear.
Venison with butternut squash, Parmesan and Kale
black sesame bread
Veal Milanese
Taco Recipe
I made Manhattan Clam Chowder soup to warm me up... ugly but super delicious!
Improved Instant Ramen
Vodka pasta with fennel sausage
Blueberry buttermilk pancakes with maple glazed bacon and scrambled eggs. #yum #breakfast
Chargrilled Burgers
Red penne chicken Alfredo for Valentine’s Day with a charcuterie board I set up
Roasted prawns, saffron sauce, risotto, vegetable salad
Huevos con Pollo and hot sauce my friend made.
saffron sourdough
Crispy smoky wings
Honey Oat Bread
Fuck it. Made clam chowder for breakfast because I wanted to and I'm an adult.
First case of highly infectious coronavirus variant detected in Colorado - The Washington Post
Chicken Biryani
Chocolate Pie
Beluga lentils burger with pickled red onions and za'atar buns
Admittedly not the prettiest picture but good nonetheless
JIN RAMEN MUKBANG. Take seconds out of the day to hit the subscribe button, it’s absolutely free with amazing content. I promise you won’t regret watching them.
Italian sausage, beef, red bean chili
cream cheese icing and strawberry stuffed crepe
Chicken paprikash
Crispy pork banh Mi
Detroit-style Pizza
Honey BBQ wings
Chicken and Shrimp Alfredo
Simple Seared Ahi Salad
fluffy chocolate chip pancakes!
Candy Cake
У каждого народа есть рыбный суп. У итальянцев это каччукко, у испанцев - буйабес, у американцев - чаудер, ну а у русских -УХА. Я расскажу вам, как приготовить первоклассную двойную уху из морской рыбы. #морепродукты #рыба #суп #уха
Guinea Pig (cuy)
Sufganiyot.
Ribeye Roast and Yorkshire Pudding
Heart Cake &lt;3
Rice with fruit and non-meat meatballs
Pork katsu sando with togarashi pickles
Vanilla Flavoured Cake
Chicken and Lamb Gyro with indian spices, ghee, rice and sauces
Chocolate chip Mountain Dew pancakes
thin crust pizza with Italian sausage and bell peppers
No-Bake Oreo Cheesecake
Stuffed Bell Peppers
My GF and I stayed by ourselves for Thanksgiving but I still made enough for leftovers.
crispy skin duck...
Kimchi pork bun
shrimp ramen with a homemade broth. Maybe not fancy, but I'm proud of how it turned out. I forgot the egg though :(
Rigatoni Alla Gricia
double chocolate chip cookies
Omakase takeout
Baked my favorite gingerbread cookies 🤩
Chicken Confit
Five spice steak with ginger egg fried rice and pickled vegetables
Prime Angus steaks with thyme and rosemary in butter.
Tempura Don.
Banana Cake
Brisket being slow smoked
Fall corn chowder and fresh baked bread bowls ❤
Midnight fries
Chicken thigh. Seasoned with rosemary salt and cooked on low in duck fat for four hours.
THC-infused Peanut Butter Cups
Red mullet fillets on toast
Smoked coffee jerky.
chowmein
strawberry jam
Banana Bread
French Baguette
Pan seared scallops with a lemon garlic pan sauce on a bed of sauteed spinach and garlic herb jasmine rice
Naan bread rules. I was as happy as this guy with this stack of pillows.
Bangers and mash with garden peas and onion gravy
banana bread with burnt honey ganache
Garlic Butter and Thyme Char Grilled Baby Octopus W/ Spinach, Toasted Pine Nuts, Spanish Onion and Fetta salad
Individual quiche made in some pie tins I found at a thrift store. Bacon, spring onion, tomato, mushroom and peppers.
Penne Pasta salad!!!
Roast Chicken and Asparagus!
Christmas sourdough
blueberry tart, made a tart just randomly chose a recipe from a cook book and had myself a go :)
I made the chicken pot pie again. Good again.
Teryaki beef jerky
Chilean Sea bass
Dairy free Mac n cheese with my blend of toasted herb panko bread crumbs
Rose water cardamom cake with honey butter icing topped with chopped pistachios.
caramel brownie cheesecake
Potato Wedges, Rumpsteak and Mushroom-Mustard-Sauce
Strozzapreti (or Maccheroni al Ferretto) with a spicy vegetable n lamb stew
My spin on a croque madame. Handmade sourdough croissants, scrambled, back bacon and marble cheese! Tots too boot!
birthday cake for my niece
Wood oven pizza
Strawberry Pavlova cake
Chilled, spicy Mediterranean-style black-eyed pea salad with cous-cous, diced peppers, parsley, tomato and garlic, fresh lemon, olive oil, cayenne, onion powder, crushed black pepper, paprika and white pepper
French Onion Soup with Baguette Bread
Stuffed peppers and potatoes
Salmon sashimi 🍣🍣🍣 (*^ω^*)
Bacon pizza
Salmon, Yellowtail, Tuna, and Sea Urchin Sashimi
Lemon Cream Cheese Cookies
spicy sausage and little-neck clam ragu - works with crusty bread, or pasta
I made the sandwich from Spanglish and it’s everything I hoped it would be.
Celeriac, blue cheese and truffle tortellini, kale, sage and mushroom broth
Smoked Pork Ribs
Japanese food
Pumpkin cakes and maple frosting
Fettuccine in Garlic Butter Sauce w/ Bacon
herb roasted chicken.
Walnuts Bread
Steak Alfredo with zucchini noodles
Pan-seared Scallops with an Orange Beurre Blanc and Roasted Ribeye with a Bordelaise Sauce
Salmon paradise with spinach, cherry tomatoes and slice of lemon.
Creme Brûlée party
Smoked Mac and cheese!
Loaded pizza
Steak with roasted potatoes
Vitello Tonnato
Cheese pizza
Tacos 🌮
Stovetop braised baby back ribs in red wine
Beef stew in an Italian bread bowl.
How tо Gеt Yоur Kids tо Eat Hеаlthу Food Pаtіеnсе, perseverance, аnd a little bіt оf creativity will gо a lоng wау іn mаkіng уоur kіdѕ еаt Healthy Food fоr children. It іѕ nоt ѕurрrіѕіng that уоur lіttlе оnеѕ аrе perhaps thе most notorious рісkу eaters tо dаtе.
Chocolate New-York cheesecake
Kale &amp; Mushroom Pearl Couscous with Lemon-Butter Sauce
strawberry cake with cream cheese
Chicken Flautas
Goat cheese, fig, arugula and balsamic reduction pizza (and a leftover slice of Margherita too)
I’m normally not into organic food, but organic raspberries (right) look way better than conventional (left).
Buttercream rendition of Colorado flatirons on a funfetti cake with circus cookie crunch filling.
Chocolate Rum Cake
Buttermilk Fried Chicken Sandwich on Hokkaido Roll with French Fries and Pickle Beer
Chicken with mushrooms in oyster sauce
Skirt Steak Roulade Sous Vide for 3.5hrs @133° Stuffed with peppers and swiss
Shefali - A Street food in West Bengal, India - A dish made with chopped mutton and chicken, egg bhurji, caramelised onions and again fried in Egg. Served with Hot BBQ Sauce which also has tender chicken pieces
BBQ Chicken Made in stress
Lebanese Hamburger With Cheese
white chocolate Chip cookies with candy cane bits
Charred Brussels Sprouts Tacos with Spicy Peanut Dressing
Smoked Baked Beans, a must have at all my barbecues!
Rosemary garlic butter NY strip :)
Buckeyes
BACON Chocolate Chip Cookies
dumba (lamb)
Chicken lentil stew! Autumn coloured soup.
West Indies vs Sri Lanka: Kieron Pollard's 6 Sixes In An Over Off Sri Lankan Right After His Hat-Tri.. - NDTVSports.com
Torta Caprese : Italian Chocolate-Almond Flour Cake
Bacon and Eggs!
Lobster Benedict
Spicy Veggie and egg ramen
pulled pork sammies with slaw.
dan dan noodles
pho ga aka chicken pho
I made green tea meringues
lemon and herb crusted side of salmon with herbs potatoes and garlicky asparagus with a white wine, caper and butter sauce - this is my new years treat. Happy new year everyone!
beef burger with carmalised onions
Smoked Voodoo Wings with Nathan Fries
beef noodle bowl
Chicken Marsala “”
Swiss St. Galler rustic bread
tacos
Pumpkin Spice Cheesecake Brownies
Spinach Coconut Curry with Naan
Dirt cake (icing, Oreos, butterscotch)
Sunday leg of lamb roasted in sherry, vegetables and carrots. French Saint-Emilion to wash it down
Cream Cheese Pumpkin Pie!
Mozzarella Pizza
BBQ Ribs
Black bean jalapeño flautas with lime slaw.
Extra fudge-y brownie cupcakes
Chocolate Caramel Rice Krispies Squares
Wontons in chicken broth
Chicken Tortilla Soup
Candy Corn Cookies
Channa Masala Indian Cuisine
Reverse Seared Ribeye Steak
Andarinos di Usini
Brioche hamburger buns.
Jamaican Jerk Chicken Wings.
Steak board
Pan Seared Sea Scallops
Spaghetti with Parmesan Butternut squash sauce and Sweet Italian Sausage
Orange sugar cookies with orange cream cheese frosting
Earl Grey donuts with brown sugar orange zest!
Appa macaron cake
Smoked Glazed Ham, Sticky Buns, and Gnocchi Pasta
Shakshuka with homemade siracha.
Basque Style Burnt Cheesecake!
shrimp fettuccine with spicy lemon butter garlic Alfredo.
Pepperoni and chicken pizza
Swedish meatball pasta bake
A chicken balti pie at a local pub, one of the best meals I’ve ever had!
"" F Gold Wine and Foods
Vinegar Cabbage over Rice
Duck breast smoked over charcoal with cherry wood.
Beef Birria Quesatacos
Christmas cookies with my niece and friends!
carrot cupcakes
birria tacos
Southern style Phở
Med-Rare KC strip steak with homemade demi-glace pan sauce and brussel sprouts
Sizzled jalapeno bacon garlic sesame mozzarella bagel sandwich, would recommend
Hawaiian pizza
New York strip steak, Sautéed green beans, and mashed potatoes with beef gravy.
Cajun Jambalaya and Alligator Bites with comeback sauce
My fiance wouldn't let me eat the whole bowl...  bourbon maple chipotle chicken wings.
Smoked Brisket Mac &amp; Cheese Quesadilla w/ Cilantro &amp; Horseradish Crema
Double Smashburgers. Tots and onion rings.
Fruit Lion !
in a white wine, garlic and cream sauce with parsley and chilli
12 hour smoked brisket
Rump steak sandwich with rocket 🥳🥳🥳
Take out Biscuits &amp; Gravy Platter
Chorizo, spinach and cheese tamales
a croque monsieur!
Salted Brownie Cookies with Vanilla Bean Icing
Baked mac and cheese
meatball dives in Yoghurt with fried garlic
scrumptious  guacamole :)
Simple yet delicious.....I call it flowery ice cream
Ribeye steak with bacon wrapped asparagus and sauteed shrimp and jalapenos, with Just a smidge of horseradish
12 oz ribeye steak
blackened red snapper with pineapple-cucumber salsa
Ramen noodle soup with pork, chicken, and marinated soft boiled eggs
Asian eggplant salad
deconstructed California Roll
French spinach quiche. And I never cooked something else than scrambled eggs!
Bacon, Egg, Jalapeño Breakfast Melt
Cheese plate Québecois
Dry aged Wagyu burger.
Banana and Gula Melaka Sponge Cake
egg roll soup
Kluna Tik eating Baby Siren Head &amp; Baby Cartoon Cat for Dinner - ASMR Co...
NYC chopped cheese
chicken Khao Soi
Chicken Katsu Curry
Chicken Roast
Creamy Tomato Chicken Soup
Korean Chili
Hot and Tangy Stir Fry
Cinnamon roll.
Surf and Turf!
Crispy Honey Garlic Chicken on Rice
Chicken Milanese
Salmon and Prosciutto appetizer
this Italian Yule log filled with espresso cream
Adjarian Khachapuri / Cheese Boat
Chicago deep dish pizza
Giga Toblerone
please what is food Helps Burning Stomach Fat
sicilian almonds
Ham and cheese on sourdough, cooked on a cast iron griddle
Chocolate biscuit topped with lots of fruits made for anniversary. Tasted great, gone in 2 days :). What you guys think of the design?
Chicken Tikka Masala and Malai Kofta
Food security, not eating meat, is the real problem in New York City - Pine Journal
Shio Ramen
the steak fries were fried in duck fat. The gravy homemade. The sausage parsley and cheddar stuffed. Calling out Matty Matheson and any other Canadian to show a better Poutine. :p
Hotel style sambar recipe|Sambar recipe telugu|udupi sambar recipe for i...
Yumm
sourdough with roasted sunflower seeds
Earn money by Completing Surveys, get a reward on sign up
Tomato Saffron Risotto w/ Broiled Scallops and Calamari
Tacos durado
NEW SWEET STORE (https://sweetworldie.company.site)
Reeses pieces peanut butter bread
Lemon Herb Chicken
These "" Baked Plantain Chips are crunchy, healthy, and delicious! Make this recipe once and you’ll never buy them from the store again.
Seared Tuna Belly Nigiri
Popeye's style fried chicken sandwich on a brioche bun
Greek taverna-inspired dinner
homemade pepperoni, jalapeño, fontina and fresh mozzarella cheese pizza topped with hot honey!
coconut cake with lemon curd filling
Baked lamb shoulder
Smoked Oyster Chicken and Beans
Sirloin steak, green beans, tomatoes with mushroom duxelle, and Spaetzli (dumplings)
Chicken
Seafood trio with linguine
Mom’s Steak Enchiladas
Stanley Tucci Said The Reaction To His Viral Negroni-Making Video Was Shocking - Delish
Chicken Bacon Ranch Quesadillas.
Carrot cake with dark chocolate frosting
Garden fresh bagel. Yellow plum tomatoes, lemon cucumber, and chives. All home grown.
Green Curry Coconut Vermicelli
Honey-bread cookies with icing
Pastrami Sandwich
Торт для шефа
Amazon-Ambani Spat Tests India's Allure For Foreign Investors - NDTV
Cinnamon rolls with cream cheese frosting.
New Orléans’ local food y’all gotta try this❤️
Chickpea curry
Mediterranean Quinoa Salad
Roasted Hazelnut Cookies with Chocolate!
these Japanese Frozen grapes . Fucking hell. Insanity.
Pulled pork with bbq sauce and fermented pickles
Spinach Artichoke Dip with Roasted Garlic and Bacon Wrapped Asparagus.
Sour Cherry Choc Cheesecake.
Sisters sausace soup.
Sardines with Thai chiles, capers, lemon and olive oil.
Japanese breakfast with some leftovers.
vegan shrimp fettuccine with asparagus
steak with truffle butter
Bacon wagyu smash burger with oak smoked bacon wrapped shrimp with cayenne, maple syrup glaze and sweet potato wedges.
Garlic Cheddar Biscuits
Mandazi
Omurice!
Picanha
smoked drumsticks
Slow cooker Corned Beef.
Campanitas (Stuffed Bell Peppers)
Egg yolks cured for four days going in the oven (80 degrees Celsius) for two hours.
Kale with sausage
https://ift.tt/36DFPB6
Slow roasted leg of lamb, the 5-hour journey begins
Latkes and applesauce
garlic pizza bread cooked in a wood fired pizza oven.
Banana pancakes for breakfast
Roasted butternut squash soup with homemade yogurt and toasted squash seeds
Kanelbullar (Swedish Cinnamon Rolls)
Meatballs, Sausage and Cheese Pizza Braid
From my garden: stuffed peppers with butternut squash, kale, corn, wild rice, and sausage. Parmesean and gouda. Toasted chili squash seeds
chocolate cake and peanut butter buttercream.
Salmon, vegetables and rice
Levain Cookies
Steak, baked potato, &amp; asparagus
Eggs in a basket and bacon.
Halloween tasty cookies
This chef’s edible chocolate compass is going viral
Sweet Potato Enchiladas
Lemon blueberry vertical cake!
Bacon-onion jam
Oven Roasted Turkey Breast
surf &amp; turf
Korean Fried Chicken Wings Glazed in a Sweet &amp; Spicy Gochujang Sauce 🌶🍗 ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
Venison burgers, onion jam, IPA battered fries and last of the season corn
Korean short rib tacos from Selena +chef. Roy Choi.
milk chocolate
Tandoori chicken
Cauliflower pudding
Lemon Saffron Salmon With Dill Basmati Rice
Smoked Hand Trimmed STL Cut Ribs using pecan/char-hickory and the 4-2 method with final glaze.
Salmon fillet with a Herb-oat-crust, dill sauce and vegetable rice
Spaghetti aglio e olio with shrimps with homemade pasta
Dark Chocolate and Peppermint Blocks
sweet pizza!
Karahi Chicken 🍗
Homemade country terrine with foie gras, prunes and walnuts
Chiếc lò nướng bánh ngọt 2 tầng 4 khay Southstar này được sử dụng rộng rãi hiện nay không bởi vẻ ngoài hiện đại, sang trọng mà ở khả năng nướng đa năng, nướng được hầu hết các loại bánh ngọt phổ biến hiện nay như: bánh mì ngọt, bông lan, bánh Gato, bánh cupcake, Pizza, bánh trung thu..
Smoked Lebanese Kefta served Greek Gyro Style in Indian Naan
Apple and Pear pie
Simple Fresh Salad w Ranch Dressing.
Hot Chicken Drumsticks.
Smoked then seared Picanha
Does anyone know where to buy this brand cheese ball in Canada? I have looked everywhere in my area. We have it every year with our Christmas Eve dinner, a tradition since I was a kid. The last two years, we haven't been able to find it. It is my absolute favorite part of the dinner.
Strawberry banana smoothie and avocado toast
Stirfry
Hummingbird Cake
Antipasto
Garlic Mozzarella Bread
Upside-down cake
Brazilian steakhouse parmesan pork
had to make chicken satay with a spicy peanut sauce on the fly, tasted great :))
Falafel Pitas
Hokkaido Milk Buns w/ Garlic Butter and Flakey Sea Salt(old photo)
Crab cake Eggs Benedict
Crispy Fried Egg Noodles
Double Cheeseburger with sauteed Jalapenos
America in steak form . Sorry, Florida.
Nashville Hot Chicken and Mac n Cheese
Applewood smoked 4" cheesecake w/brandy raspberry compote, candied mint &amp; salted dark chocolate
persimmon jam
Chicken Teriyaki Bowl
brioche 3 cheese, roasted garlic &amp; spinach pinwheel
A porterhouse steak, medium rare
Cherrywood Bacon Mac and Cheese with spicy BBQ Baby back Ribs. Never smoked before, but it came out perfect!
Fazendo um OMLETE Japonês de LUXO com ARTIGOS DE MARCA CAROS | Cozinhand...
Korean BBQ Pork Tacos
Irish brown bread from the local bakery
Dum mutton biryani
space cake decorations | easy planets cake | galaxy cake decorating | Ca...
Chocolate Torte with chocolate graham cracker crust
cheeseburger birthday cake!
charcuterie plate with homemade pastrami, garlic and herb BattleCreek creamery mature cheddar, kiwi, strawberry, and two types of toasted french Bread rounds!
Cheese Stuffed Chicken Meatballs Recipe
Mushroom Cheddar Omelet
Breakfast Egg Cups
European Union. A depressed young man gets paid
Stuffed (mozzarella and sun-dried cherry tomatoes) chicken breast with pesto pasta.
Huevos Rancheros I made the other morning
As a French seeing all your american Ratatouilles i wanted to pay you guys a tribute in return : here is my homemade Cheeseburgers !
Beer Battered Fish and Chips
"Finally Some good fucking Ramen" -Gordon Ramsay (Probably). 🍜 🍜
matcha croissant
Triple-Berry Hand Pies!
Another shot at our favorite pepperoni, poblano, pineapple pizza, now with a pesto base
Amazing Roadside Chana Chaat Masala Vendor | Street Food of Lahore Pakistan
Focaccia di Recco with soft cheese.
Lemon Herb Grilled Chicken
salmon sushi with cucumber, avocado, and mango. Added some edible flowers for decoration.
Pork and Green Bean Stir Fry
A Noodle Story Ramen.
California Burrito with extra red spicy salsa and extra melted cheese, pico de Gallo And Limon.
Look at them!
A  English breakfast
quick and easy to do charcuterie board.
Shana Tovah!
Beef ragu pappardelle
Matcha Honey Creme Brûlée
Homemade Chili
NYE Burger with Bubbly
Gumbo (the best I could do from the UK)
Breakfast of champions
Almond and cherry cake
chicken gumbo
Children's leftover grilled cheese crusts.
Personal 8” Cheese Pizza with a View
pineapple cream cheese and bacon French toast sandwich with pineapple compote
Chicken Parm
Choc Peppermint Cookies
My moms homemade smoothed poke chops .
In the early COVID/lockdown days I started working on my cinnamon roll game! Next batch will be with a pumpkin spice blend instead of just cinnamon.
pressure cooked beed (shank) soup w tomatoes, onions and thyme, toasted seedy sourdough , green salad.
Indian prata (aka parotha) with mutton curry.
Baked lemon garlic parsley butter mussels
steamed pork dumplings with Thai pepper chili oil and Asian chimichurri
Vanilla and black sesame macarons
Baked Mafaldine with pumpkin and scamorza cheese
Zucchini Omelette and Rucola Salad
Red and White Sauce Pasta with French Fries (Peri Peri)
Peking duck fries
Bolognese Pasta with sausages
Chilaquiles with egg whites, blue corn chips, avocado, chipotle Gouda cheese and hatch chile garlic hot sauce
Filet mignon with sauteed tomato's, 136 degrees
Livingstone College to distribute food, gift cards, hot meals - Salisbury Post - Salisbury Post
Berenjena a la Parmesana
Cheesy stuffed tomatoes
Cajun Crawfish Étouffée
Barbecue pulled pork,baked beans and onions rings
Chocolate malt powder with almond milk.
Bacon and Garlic Brussel Sprouts
1.5 pound ribeye steak with a side on red onions and mushrooms...
Untitled
Sushi Roll - Salmon, Crab, Shrimp, Cucumber, Avocado
Veggie spring rolls
Veggie Ramen!!
Koi Coconut Cakes
Guinness chocolate cake with Baileys icing.
Hot oil chicken sandwich and onion rings
Oklahoma Onion Burger with Bacon
Chicken Udon Stir-fry
okonomiyaki
toast.
Fruit Rosewater Jelly Orange No Bake Cheese Cake
homemade bread, chicken breast stuffed eggplant and potatoes
Vegetarian italian sausages with peppers, onions, and homemade marinara coupled with roasted brussel sprouts and mushrooms topped with havarti cheese and a balsamic reduction
Lamb Chops
phyllo dough rolls with red and green pepper, tomato, meat and cheese.
Colby jack stuffed crust with faux chik'n, pesto, mozzarella pizza
Adobada Fries
A Basque cheesecake from the bakery I live above
Mexican I made the other day
Strawberry &amp; Nutella crepes, and strawberry truffles
Samsung Galaxy S21 teaser says “a new Galaxy awaits” - XDA Developers
My Favorite Food
Chipotle Grilled Cheese w/ Turkey
Beef and Mushroom Stew
Tarta de Queso Ricotta y naranja
Mushroom burger with Swiss cheese &amp; caramelised onion
Creamy tomato soup and grilled cheese
Virat Kohli: 'The defensive aspect of the game has fallen behind' - ESPNcricinfo
Cinnamon Raisin Pumpkin Bread
Rocky Road Pie
Caramel Peanut Chocolate Tart
Roasted Potatoes Recipe
Harper Creek Grad Has a Viral Video and a Funny Health Warning - wbckfm.com
chicken katsu curry!
peach cobbler
Miso Butter Steak w/ Carrot and Bok Choi rice
Bacon,Egg and Cheese
Shrimp, Andouille Sausage, Corn, Red Potato, Yellow Rice
McGriddle Sandwich. Pancakes, maple sausage, egg and cheese
open faced Salisbury steak sandwich
Philly Cheesesteak and Peach Cobbler in honor of our fellow patriots today
Chorizo, eggs with mozzarella, Good Seed bread, and avocado.
Kothimbir vadi - Maharashtrian Snacks Recipe || How to Make Kothimbir Vadi - Quick Teatime Snacks
Soto (Indonesian Food)
the best looking chip.
Hokkaido pumpkin soup in the making, perfect for autumn.
whole bass with veggies
I absolutely adore grapefruit. I eat one twice a day! :)
vanilla bean cheesecake, cranberry jam, white chocolate icing topped with candied cranberries
sesame seed chicken Sichuan style
Roulladen with Thüringer Klöße and Braised red cabbage
Thanksgiving Turkey - Dry-Rubbed Roast Turkey Recipe!
steak, lobster, fish, corn, potatoes, fried shrimp, pee and eat shrimp, and fish fingers.
Cheddar, Bacon, &amp; Green Onion Cornbread
The king
this dude
Portal Cake
Beef Wellington(s)
zuppa di pesce
Indian Street Food Masala Pav Burger
Blueberry Cheesecake with White Chocolate
Red Braised Pork Belly
Christmas feast!
Greg Doucette's Anabolic Cookbook 2.0 Review
Individual beef wellies. Comere, you!
Carrot cake cupcakes with cream cheese frosting
A simple chicken cutlet, tater tots and corn
Scallops, swiss chard, hazelnut
apple crumble pie
Moroccan Beef Tajine with Prunes
Bavette steak with cheesy skin-on mash and veggies
Poutine Américaine
New M&amp;S Order and Eat
Knotted dinner rolls (That really look like bagels)
Rava dosa with cilantro coconut chutney
Birria De Res
Bobs Burgers "Sit and Spinach" burger with fries.
Philly cheesesteak
Mini Pepperoni Pizza
Fancy Lads Snack Cakes (From Fallout series)
Barbacoa tostadas with chipotle lime crema and black beans
spicy fresno shrimp lo mein with basil and broccoli
Steak Shawarma at my friend's restaurant.
Red wine braised brisket and garlic mashed potatoes
Warm sesame tuna steak salad
$4 papaya salad tray in Bangkok ; a set of som tum which is very popular in Thailand.
a variety of hamburgers
Viral Video: Delhi Joint CP appeals to tackle protesters at Lal Qila peacefully, raises Jai Hind slogans - ABP Live
Pilau rice with Butter Chicken
Double bacon cheese smash burger
Four Mushroom risotto, Entrecôte and fresh truffle
Fried Chicken Wings
Reverse Seared Rib Eye and Hasselback Yukon Gold Potatoes
Rice Pudding Cake With Mango Caramel.
Salted Caramel Brownies
GRAMMA BOUGHT ME AND MY LIL BRO ICE CREAM
Vegetarian Butter dosas, a South Indian savory version of the infamous pancakes or crepes. Nutritious, wholesome and lip-smacking your delicious.
Chili?!
Doggo Christmas Cookies!
this amazing swiss chocolate
Bacon cooked in new air fryer a must try if ya can!! top ramen chili with poached eggs and sriracha
Rigatoni
Foraged chanterelle mushroom toast on homemade, grilled rye sourdough with fried eggs and kale shoots.
cafe mocha macarons
🍹🍟The Olive Garden Italian Family Restaurant🍟🍹
making risotto turned out pretty good
copycat Zuppa toscana
Stuffed Meatballs with rice and sauce
Fried Egg and Bacon Pancake Sandwich w/ Syrup
Top 5 American food festivals which You must not miss in 2021
Simple Scrambled Eggs on Toast.
Various Sushi Rolls
Hot Chocolate Bombs
Pulled Pork Mac n’ Cheese with Roasted Broccoli au Gratin
Tarte tatin
croissants, eclairs, and gingerbread kitties 🐈
grilled cheese with egg and tomato
Garlic Naan on Cast Iron Griddle!
Butternut and Kuri Squash Soup
NY cheesecake with blueberry-lemon compote
Korean bean sprout bulgogi! Perfect to eat with some rice :)
12 months ago my kids and I grew a sourdough starter as a means of entertainment during quarantine. Countless loaves later we are full-on sourdough pizza mode. Hats off to the “super peel” for getting me past my home pizza making frustration!
I made  apple pie
grapefruit quark cake
Suet.
Tiramisu
Arroz con Camarones
paneer kebab, green herbs &amp; cream cheese salad, raita and naan
Beef ramen, tuned with a spiced chicken stock. Fresh flavours from lime, chili and coriander, filled with a lot of vegetables, noodles and some slices of beef tenderloin.
shrimp
Sablè Breton
Banana bread with melted chocolate ice cream
Chocolate cheesecake
Meatball Sub Sandwich
Pomfret fish fry
Beef on Weck
Pulled Pork Burger with caramelized onions and red cabbage.
Fish fry
Manchego burg
Slow Braised Oxtail Stew
Nasi Uduk with bacem, telor balado and bakwan jagung - Indonesian Breakfast (details in comment)
avocado toast with pecorino and grated carrot
Apple &amp; Nut Salad with Garlic Bread
Beef Enchiladas
Popeye’s Spicy Chicken Sandwich
Mmm... Thicc chops, sous vide and reverse seared.
Alkaline Noodles
It’s impossible to discuss eating or using these in a recipe now
Double cheeseburger and chips
Nashville Hot Chicken
Mongolian Stir Fry
Tasty toast with eggs | Eggs in the basket | Breakfast recipe | Egg sandwich hack
Shawarma style beets with pepitas and hummus
Buttermilk Brined Nashville Hot Chicken
Pizza al salame piccante
cheese burger
Lunch charcuterie plate for the kiddos and me. Pairing it with a mug of leftover turkey barley soup. The baby seems to like the idea.
Tortellini in brown butter and pesto
bad egg sandwich? Got from Dunkin and smelled and tasted bad? Is this mold?
my attempt at sushi
COVID-19 Vaccination Dry Run LIVE: Dry Run For COVID-19 Vaccination Underway Across India - NDTV
Gingersnap ice cream
Rice with gorgonzola cream, poppy seeds and crunchy Parmesan
smoked honey bbq ribs
Pan Seared Scallops with White Wine Pasta
fettuccini alfredo with chicken
raspberry mousse macaroon cake with galaxy mirror glaze
Smoked chorizo queso
Muffuletta: a pressed sandwich of salami, mortadella, leg ham, provolone, red Leicester cheese, olive tapenade, globe artichoke, dijon mustard and spinach
Lasagna
Mmmm avocado toast 💚
carnitas cooked with duck fat in place of pork lard also crisped up the corn tortilla and submerged it in botanita hot sauce!
Kimchi Brined Fried Chicken
Meatball Pizza Pocket
a small charcuterie board
Ciabattas
Steak au Poivre with roasted potatoes
garlic Naan.
smoked salmon tart
Membuat ikan lele bakar bumbu kuning ""
Crispy fried tofu, miso and garlic udon, kimchi (from a can) and soft boiled eggs.
chicken and veggie kebab!
Cheesy Creole Shrimp &amp; Grits
Braised Beef Shortribs over Polenta and Asparagus
Lussekatter (Swedish saffron buns)
Udon noodles in beef broth
Bacalhau à brás (crumbled cod with garlic and fries)
Cheese-Maccheroni
Fried Haddock sandwich
barbecue cheese quesadillas
Chinese Sesame Paste (Zhi Ma Jiang)
Pane Bianco - an Italian bread with sundried tomatoes, basil, and cheese.
Pork Paella
A Video About the Fly-in Community in USA Goes Viral - The Quint
Justice Department, FBI debate not charging some of the Capitol rioters - The Washington Post
Christmas Cookies!
Waffles topped with chicken tenders, eggs, tomatoes, and parsley
Korean BBQ Chicken tacos
prosciutto, tomato, chive french omelet
Ten-don with home-grown pumpkin blossoms and shiso
Pumpkin Spice Muffins
Peanut Butter Chocolate Chip Brownie Banana Sundae
""
Chicken and veggie pizza with sunnyside eggs
Fried Chicken Wings
1 year old Damson Plum Gin
Panang chicken curry. It smells so good!! I believe this recipe is a winner!
savory sweet potato fries
breakfast sushi
Monkey Bread
Tom Brady Throws Touchdown Pass to Drew Brees' Son in Viral Video Watched 5 Million Times - Newsweek
Trimmed and rubbed ribs, ready for the smoker
Como hacer unas Tortilla Wrap Dulce &amp; Salada, receta Fácil &amp; Rápida  5 different flavors of wings
Avocado toast with delicata squash and a tart cherry reduction
Herring and Butternut Squash Pie
Carne asada soft taco with grilled green onion, guacamole, pico de gallo and roasted tomatillo salsa
Croissant Banana Pudding with Nutella and Dark Chocolate Chips.
pepperoni and jalapeno pizza
New York style cheesecake with strawberry-mango compote.
special babà in Naples, Italy.
Chocolate Meringue Pies
Salt and Pepper Squid with Miso Mayonnaise.
Hot Turkey Sandwich
Smoked Salmon/Spinach Scramble with some fried potatoes
Cheek out
Shrimp
raspberry swirl cheesecake
Four cheesesteaks, who's hungry?
mushroom chicken risotto
made neapolitan pizza today. still not perfect, but getting better
A slice of cheesecake.
I made and  jalapeño Mac and cheese.
Finally got around to making a Wellie. Was blown away!
Tonkatsu Curry
Curry and Rice with fried pork cutlet
Fresh Shucked Gulf Oysters
coconut macaroons
Sweet potato nachos with Blood orange, lime, Ancho Chile powder, and smoked salt roast beef, avocado, and cape gooseberry and jalapeño salsa
I did a 6 hour smoke on some dino beef ribs!
Disney themed breakfast
Deep Dish Sausage and Mushroom Pizza
these beautiful donuts
I managed to alter an amazing sourdough focaccia recipe to use commercial yeast for people that don’t do sourdough. Results were just as good!
Asparagus Steak Veal
Makin’ Bacon Jam
Crispy Swine Stomach
Chopped cheese with white american and grill onions on a bakery roll
chicken alfredo
Gansitos (Mexican Snack Cakes)
Baked Ziti and Garlic Bread
charcuterie grazing platter
Montreal Style Bagels
beef stew
Reverse Seared NY Strip Steak
ANGUS Ribeye Steak gratinated with Mozzarella Cheese
Potstickers with pork and Chinese chives
octopus and bossam(korean style boiled pork)
Lucky black eyed peas!
Braised short ribs and grits
Chicken, Broccoli &amp; Rice Casserole
Japanese Wagyu Beef
How to make New York birria tacos (Aka tiktok tacos) with bad accents😁
Hazelnut Yule Log w/ hazelnut ganache
pretzels
Scallops with sun-dried tomato alfredo
Burger, chips and coleslaw
Sourdough focaccia bread.
Honey Macarons
best tostadas dr carne asada and funny bloopers
Với nhu cầu của các hộ gia đình, quán ăn nhỏ, trường mẫu giáo.. bạn vẫn hay sử dụng các loại máy xay sinh tố Mini để xay nhuyễn các loại thịt, gia vị.. trong việc chế biến các món ăn. #máyxaythịt750W #máyxaythịtmini750W
Just a very cool looking crape
Pollo Asada
Pritzker announces expansion of food benefits for struggling families - WSIL TV
24 Types of Caribbean Food For You to Try
Christmas Turkey
https://www.takemethereworld.com/buddineria-naturalmente
Steak Fajitas
Steak au poivre with potato au gratin and green beans
Samgyeopsal and Kimchi Jjigae
char siu pork ramen
Chocolate cupcakes with espresso buttercream and caramel center
Caramel Apple Cheesecake
Chicken Gyros
Cookies n Cream Coquito
Eggplant parmesan with homemade tomato sauce, and a caprese salad
Tandoori chicken leg, potato dauphinoise, arugula salad, sweet pickled onions
Rigatoni and Meatballs
Just roasting some peppers for enchilada sauce (poblano and jalapeño).
Wings. Traditional Buffalo
bbq sauce is homemade bbq sauce just a hint of it for flavour
Chicken Noodle Soup. Simple recipe, but it always hits the spot.
Pizza time, or better not this time!
Beef brisket
5 alarm chicken wings with 2 alarm dipping sauce.
Galettes &amp; Butterbeer
hot cocoa bomb!
Indian Diwali Snacks In Amazing Offers
Gnochetti Sardi with sausage and fennel ragu
My attempt at Beef Wellington
side dishes of an autumn plate
Mexican Hot Chocolate cookies 🍪
Meatball Subs
Turkish Saffron Bulgur Pilaf and Lamb Kofta Meatballs
honey chipotle chicken &amp; Belgian waffles.
stuffed pork.
Rumtaart (Dutch for Rum Pie)
Granola
Healthy Vegetable naan bread sandwich
Bone-In Ribeye with Broccolini and Red Peppers
well, drank, Milk Tea!
Beef stew in sourdough bread bowl
Beer pretzel with taco meet and cheese
meatballs
healthy appetizers for College Football Gameday. Bell pepper nachos, fried pickle bites, buffalo cauliflower wings, and baked blooming onion!
I think I outpizza'd the Hut
Ham and Swiss Breakfast Sandwich
Creamy Shrimp Pasta
Pasta
Cocoa Cake
Eggs and bacon!
Michigan Good Food Fund will forge more longterm relationships with small businesses, especially minority-owned, to help them grow - Crain's Detroit Business
Double Burger with Bacon Mushroom Jam and a Fried Egg.
buttery baked potatoes
Patatas Bravas
Pork Chops w Roasted Apple + Vegetables
Pesto Omelet with Garden Peppers, Heirloom Tomatoes, and Mozzarella
Real Mexican tacos
Buffalo chicken pizza &amp; BBQ chicken pizza
Erie woman, once homeless, turns passion for cooking into degree, place in Erie's Food Hall - GoErie.com
Dark chocolate chip cookies
This is what happens if you cold ferment pizza dough for five days and bake in home oven!
fennel &amp; chorizo sausage gnocchi with asparagus
Mini cheesecakes: strawberry champagne, samoa, blueberry and Oreo
quite possibly the prettiest Sushi Omakase to go box I've seen!
Món Spaghetti " ĐỊA NGỤC" Làm Từ Bẫy Chuột😈 | Bạn Có Dám Ăn | Asmr Cooki...
Sirloin steak with Stilton mash, asparagus &amp; pan bordelaise sauce.
Vanilla Cream Stuffed King Cake Beignets
Egyptian Family Eating Sochniki!
घर पे बनाइये मस्त टेस्टी चिकन नगेट्स | How To Make Chicken Nuggets
Egg Fried Rice Tried my best
chicken/avocado salad
Homemade Churros!!
Shrimp and grits
Crazy IDEA with a CARROT
RAMEN - 16 hour marinated pork belly, 12 hour marinated boiled egg, soy sauce charred spring onions, homemade noodles and a healthy dash of sweet corn all in a 36 hour brewed chicken, pork and veg stock
Puff pastry
bacon onion jam
Almond croissants
Thú Linh Khìa Nước Dừa Thơm Ngon Ngất Ngây | Cooking Pig's Large Intest...
Eggplant with a nose
Peach raspberry cobbler with a vanilla mousse custard
JagranPrakashan Consolidated December 2020 Net Sales at Rs 402.61 crore, down 27.19% Y-o-Y - Moneycontrol.com
Hake Thermidor and Mushroom Risotto
Prosciutto wrapped Rabbit Tenderloin, Sweet Potato Mash and BlackBerry Gastrique
Turkey Jook
Eggs Benedict on homemade English muffins
Jerk barbecue pulled chicken sandwich and spicy sweet potato fries
Pork &amp; Apple Stew
Date night : dry aged sirloin / triple cooked chips / peppercorn sauce / lettuce, pickled cucumber &amp; peach salad / cabernet
Baked Salmon
Honey soy beef (with raw honey)
Grilled cheese and spicy tomato soup
dirty rice
Spicy ground chicken shoyu udon ramen.
Venison Loin in a blueberry, red wine reduction paired alongside Irish Colcannon
Spicy basil pad see ew
fatattack: vanilla bean ice cream, chocolate shavings, chunky peanut butter, chocolate chip cookie dough and pumpkin spice pretzels
Lentil stew with bacon, grated Parmesan cheese, Chinese style red chili oil, and fresh baked baguette.
Mexican style chicken tortilla
Bacon and egg with strawberry cream cheese filled crepe.
Beyond Burger with Homemade Bun, Caramelized Onion, Smoked Gouda, and Cajun Fries
Goat’s cheese and caramelised onion quiche
Fish Cakes, Barbados style
Plate of mixed vegetables (quinoa, zucchini, roasted tomatoes and artichokes) In short, I tried the 100% veggie but I'm not convinced...
Squirrel stew
Froot Loop Cream Puffs
Air Fryer Falafel, Tzatziki &amp; Salad
10 things you need to know before the opening bell on February 24 - CNBCTV18
baby back ribs and deviled eggs
Eggplant and Chicken Parmesan
American chinese sweet and sour chicken
Beef Tartare with capers, mushroom mousse and quail egg
chicken paprikash
Linguine w/ seafood
Rack of lamb with asparagus and a soy butter sauce
I made what I call a Nutella triple threat
Nasi Lemak with Chicken Curry.
Fried yoelmoo kimchi rice
Seared Chicken Thighs, w/ Artichoke White Wine Sauce
smoked bacon w/melted Swiss, fresh tomato, on sourdough.
Healthy Vegan Junk Food
Italian Beef pizza with giardiniera.
تحميل أفضل بدائل الواتس اب للاندرويد والايفون والكمبيوتر 2021
Miso black cod with fried rice and edamame
Chocolates - Lavender Lemon and Pistachio
Hokkaido Style Ramen
Wild mushrooms, tagliatelle, lamb chops
Ribeye, Fried Eggs, Bloody Mary
white chocolate ugly sweater bauble cake
Tapislog with garlic fried rice and a fried egg. Super simple and really tasty!
Sausage Gravy Biscuit Breakfast Pizza.
This Became Apple Butter.
Pepperoni, mozzarellas
pasta - mini cannelloni?
Chocolate Mousse
this yummy sandwich 😋
Chicken Gravy
Reverse seared ribeye to ring in the new year!
camel pepperettes
cheese macaroni and spaghetti on bacon and tomato sauce with sliced hard boiled eggs on top
Took a stab at Guga’s Oklahoma onion burgers tonight
BBQ beef ribs and green pepper
Graham crackers with vanilla frosting dip.
Alfredo Pasta with Grilled Chicken (I followed Terri Ann’s Kitchen recipe on YouTube)
Seared Steak w/ Fried Onions &amp; Peppers, Peppercorn Gravy
Orange Chicken on a Bed of Rice
Cañoncito, cone rolled in sugar and filled with dulce de leche
Malaysian yellow chicken curry
Roasted Cauliflower and Broccoli
Nutella cruffins
Turkish kebab with eggplant
Banana Cake with Cream Cheese Frosting
corned beef hash. i used sam sifton's recipe to cure the brisket. topped with a fried egg and green dragon sauce. feeling proud of myself right now.
BLT Benny
cheesecake with berries and caramel
Burger, with Onions, Bacon, Cheddar and BBQ Sauce
Haneth lamb (chops), saffron rice, lemon pepper tiger prawns, salad
baked Brussel sprouts &amp; Roasted with Lemon Garlic
chicken, brussel sprouts, mac and cheese, and mashed potatoes
Vegan stir-fry with spicy cauliflower
chicken tandoori
Banana Date Caramel Twix
How to Make an Amazing Fall Pumpkin Latte - DIY Fall Starbucks Drinks at...
Cast Iron Sirloin
beef and broccoli stir fry
Almond flour battered catfish
Hot beef sandwiches and mashed potatoes
Ribbon Pasta Ragu
A turkey-shaped macaron!
- pepperoni Pizza with peppers
The Sando
sauté shrimp with roasted veggies
Bacon &amp; cheeseburger with red onion, grilled jalapeno and lettuce
Venison Bratwurst anyone? Field to freezer and only been touched by my hands, very satisfying.
cinnamon buns
Cream of wheat with maple syrup, bananas and almonds.
Shrimp Fettuccine W/ Shrimp, Mushroom, White Wine &amp; Herbs Served W/ Garlic Bread and Shaved Parmesan.
Black Angus on Magnolia leaf - Kaiseki
Nutella vs Ovomaltine
Can't decide whether these food creations are criminal or genius
Vanilla bean buttercream swirl cake
I made tortillas de harina hechas a mano (handmade)
Roasted Potatoes
Butternut squash soup garnished with evoo, roasted butternut seeds, and some foraged flowers
Smoked Brontosaurus Robs
Grade ms-7 or 8 wagyu beef, cooked with wood fire in grill.
Bayou Style Alligator and Shrimp Gumbo with Andouille Sausage
Oats &amp; Beans Burger Patties served with roasted vegetables &amp; topped with Gran Padano
Free za
Pork Shnitzel
Waffle and fry chicken
Chanterelle fried rice and honey garlic chicken
“” my attempt at ratatouille
Bannana Panna Cotta, Caramelised Bannana, Salted Caramel, Popcorn and Vanilla Icecream
roasted chicken with pan sauce, burgundy mushrooms, lemon-butter asparagus
Home-cured salmon gravadlax. Easy and delicious!
Tomato soup &amp; parmesan crusted grilled cheese.
Pomegranate chicken and beetroot tabbouleh
Dutch baby with fresh fruit and blueberry syrup
Bacon &amp; Shrimp Chowder
i ate homemade Elderberry Gummies Recipe
Ramen with salmon and onsen tamago
Herby Parmesan-Crusted Chicken, with roasted zucchini, mashed potatoes, and turkey gravy.
Chimichurri Steak, Garlic Cheddar Biscuits &amp; Grilled Asparagus
Brown Butter and Toffee Chocolate Chip Cookies
beans and cornbread with country style green beans and potato hash
Braised short rib and sweet potato mash
Ribeye Steak
Brussels sprouts, caramelized onion, bacon and cheddar omelet biscuit sandwich
tamales 4 different flavors
Biscoff cake
Cheese tortellini in vodka sauce
Calamares con tomate
Smoked deli-style rare roast beef
Buffalo Ranch Fries
Cream of wheat with maple syrup, fruit and nuts on a cold winter morning in Quebec.
Meatloaf, scrambled eggs with lumps of crab meat, and caramelized onions/mushrooms/peppers.
Korean Fusion Corn Cheese Banyan with Chicken
You can get your wine, beef and cheese all in one location. Join this amazing wine club and have access to Wagyu meats and exclusive cheese. Join you can have them delivered to your door for the Holiday season. Don't delay. Order now at 5e95.com/fine/wines/
pasta with meatballs and tomato sauce.
Celebration Cake Dip
Italian sausage sub from my favorite small town pizza shop. (Made in house)
super yummy brownie thick shake!
Mcdonald’s Burger after 20 Years
Buñuelos de Manzana Big Mac!
beef roast with mashed potatoes and gravy
Slow cooked Italian beef on toasted Italian hoagie with fresh mozzarella and a side of au jus
SUBWAY Sandwich Chicken Teriyaki
Rava Upma with Egg Curry
Peanut butter and banana sandwich season with exotic plant grown gibbon hairs.
Keto Skillet Oven Baked Cheesy Bacon Quiche生酮煎锅烤芝士培根蛋饼
Loaded nachos
Lox and cream cheese on  bagels
Lamb Meatballs in Hot Yogurt Sauce with Pita Bread.
Leftover braised short ribs on Boudin sourdough, with smoked cheddar and yellow onion.
Nashville hot chicken sandwich.
Blackened Red Snapper With Coconut Cream Sauce
Last night’s  mac and cheese burger! 🤤
Churros con Chocolate Spanish Style
Breakfast "Carbonara"
Chicken Pupusas and Curtido
ground chicken Parmesan and potato soup with tortilene.
Chicken and Veg Pies 🥧
Fried Chx Sandwich
Colorado Sea Bass on a Cranberry Dessert Cornbread
One-Bowl Chocolate Cake
Farfalle with Prosecco lemon cream sauce
Egg-Free Apple Fritters
levain copy cat chocolate chip cookies
Tonkotsu Ramen
Self caught Chesapeake bay straight to the grill red drum!!
Colombian Beef Stew. Perfect for these cold days.
a crepe filled with brownie pieces, bananas, cream and covered in dark, milk and white chocolate.
Pizza napoletana made in a home oven
Brined and roasted chicken, baked mac &amp; cheese, broccoli
Oven Beef Steak &amp; Potatoes Recipe
Toasted gnocchi with mushrooms, basil and Parmesan and a balsamic tomato salad
Chocolate bonbons with various fillings
Bacon cheeseburger.
Biden's $1.9 trillion Covid relief plan calls for stimulus checks, unemployment support and more - CNBC
Flatiron Steak Frites with jus at Cluny (Distillery District In Toronto)
Ravioli with shrimp, calamari and scallops filling
cake
real NYC bagels!
Poor mans Croque Madame
48 Day Aged Strip Steak, Mashed Potatoes, Creamed Spinach, Creme Fraiche Pan Gravy
Linguine All'Ubriaco
Spanish rice
Rice Krispie Treat Turkey Legs
Korean Boiled Pork and Smoked Duck
Bizcocho de Zanahoria
Kimchi Mac &amp; Cheese
Shankarpali Recipe | Shakkarpara Recipe | Sweet Crispy Fritters
Crock pot Curry!!!
Macaroni &amp; Cheese stuffed Meatloaf
Levain style chocolate chip cookies
Chirashi bowl
Apple Pi
A  attempt at sushi! It looks awful and tastes just as bad, but IM PROUD OF MY SUSHI :,)
PLATO FINAL Cuando El Mundo Se Acabe: Espeluznante Pastel En Forma De M...
Red velvet cake with cream cheese frosting my gf made for my birthday
Chirashi-Don and Miso soup
Pico de Gallo
Avocado/lox Eggs Benedict
spicy ground turkey stir fry with broiled green beans over jasmine rice
Simple Stuffing
flourless black bean brownies with 100% dark chocolate chips
chorizo breakfast tacos with hash brown
Za in the midst of a blizzard
vegetarian haggis neeps tatties and whisky gravy
Steamed lobster tails
Mixed Berry Dragonfruit Bowl with Coconut Chips &amp; Blueberries
Stir-Fried Chicken and Chinese Broccoli
chicken taco in KFC
Halloween meatballs be like
streaky bacon hot dogs
jumbo cookie
Gardein Mandarin Crispy Chick’n Food review. The last one was pretty good so why not try out another dish from Gardein.....
Chicken empanadas w/ saffron rice
schnitzel vienna style with creamy mushrooms and duchess potatoes
Chicken Schnitzel with German Potato
Grilled Cheese Omlet.
Sloppy Joe's with venison.... Sloppy Does
Dou Ban Yu
Dry-Brined, Cuban-Style, Crispy Roasted Turkey
Photogenic Pancakes
Sourdough Cinnamon Rolls
steak with garlic butter, roasted potatoes and asparagus
Butternut Squash and Bacon Soup
Pizza - cheddar, chorizo, mushrooms, olives, plum tomatoes &amp; basil
“”Buffalo Lemon Pepper Wangz! Bleu cheese aioli drizzlage! 👍🏼
Apple and Pecan Wood Smoked Leg of Lamb
English Strawberry Trifle
Ninja Airfryer honey roasted seasalt almonds w belgium chips
New M&amp;S Food To Order
East African style grilled beef fat and spicy fries
Ma's Hearty Chicken Noodle Soup
Bossam and Dubu Jorim - Korean Braised Pork and Braised Tofu
Ragù alla bolognese
Top Sirloin Roast Beef with a crushed blackberry and red wine sauce, carrots and creamer potatoes.
Green Olive Tapenade
Smoked Prime Rib
firecracker prawns
Pasta with Havarti
Cardamom and Cinnamon Knots
Chocolate Oat Bar
Duck Fat Fried Potatoes (GSC Infused Duck Fat), Caesar Salad
Simple chicken cutlets
by a total newbie...Cajun Shrimp + Sausage cheesy grits
Vanilla Cupcakes, with Raspberry Coulis Centre, Vanilla Buttercream and Freeze Dried Raspberries
Leftovers...I just finished repurposing the last of Thanksgiving Leftovers...at least we had good food throughout 2020!
Prawn mee
Boiled Crawfish
pasta with mushrooms in the side
Sweet Curry Cornbread
Cola de langosta rellena
Butter chicken and garlic butter naan
smoked makrel salat
Paneer karahi dinner
Authentic Indian Sweets for Wedding - Kailash Sweets &amp; Snacks
mackerel with ginger &amp; chili sauce, with butterfly prawns
All set to roast these Turkey Wings
Spooky eggs
chilaquiles
Beef Steak and Mashed Potatoes with Mushroom Gravy 😊
Chorizo potato nachos
New York pizza
Peach gummies coated in sour sugar
Squash risotto with fresh sage
Steak gyro....little snack I made at work today
Jägerschnitzel
boigah
Canned Biscuits, Seared Links, and Egg Scramble
peanut butter + banana oats
crab cakes!
banana toffee nut baked donuts with butterscotch frosting
Fenugreek laddoo
Open-faced Pot Roast Sandwich
leftover brisket nachos
Ramen with Fried prosciutto and pineapple, sweet peas and Feta Cheese
Honey cornbread with kerrygold.

Strawberry Lemondade made with an entire box of strawberries and 4 entire lemons
Saw the Bacon egg cheese today and had to make my own!
Sambal Oelek in Canada, where can I find this to order in Europe?
Moqueca de Peixe with rice
Reverse-Seared Tomahawk Ribeye Steak
VEGAN chocolate chip cookies that are easy to make and FREE from GLUTEN and NUTS.
Pizza Potatoes
Steak and bake
cake for my best friend (hummingbird cake)
Chicken in White wine sauce with apples, served with basmati rice :)
Milktart
Pineapple Habanero BBQ Sauce !
Homemade Chips
pumpkin bread
Korean spicy tuna stew (chamchi jjigae)
Fresh Croissants.
Best cheat meal ever
BLTs
Ramen Carbonara
Trashy NYC Deli-Style Bacon, Egg, and Cheese
Dumplings for Chinese New Year
Calzone. (sausage and peppers)
Bacon on Bread :D
Filet Mignon Panini | Roasted Pepper | Fresh Mozzarella | Olive Spread | Pesto
Stir fry before I added chicken and sauce. I am not one to get giddy about colors, but look at it.
Duck gizzard fried rice with long bean
https://ift.tt/3j1F6ib
Classic double cheeseburger on skillet with extra caramelized onions.
stuffed buns with chicken, kale, and onion.
Lamb meatballs with orzo and creamy yogurt sauce.
Beef Tripe Fry Recipe
Kässpatzen
Sichuan Spicy Pork Sauce
Filetes de Poisson à la Bretonne
Poutine Fries @ Dairy Belle, in Dania Beach FL.
the McGrib
beef short ribs. Might be the prettiest thing I have cooked lol.
Salmon w/celery root puree, EVOO poach asparagus and (homemade) baguette crutons
fried chicken sandwich with homemade honey mustard sauce.
""15 minutes and some ingredients provides 225% of the daily RDI for vita...
cheeseburger
Ramen with Pork, Sesame, Eggs and Pakchoi
Surf ‘n Turf
Cranberry orange cookies
matar paneer
Beef Chukka/Sukka
Beef Chili and Bacon Cheddar Biscuits
sashimi-don
Pot-stewed chicken
A fresh batch of Garam Masala
Shrimp in Coconut Milk
Caramel apple crumb Cheesecake
potato knish
These beautiful steaks. (not all of them of course)
Double Smash burger, Gouda cheese, red onions, gem lettuce and burger sauce.
Chicken Tikkas with Garlic Naan
Thanksgiving Turkey Spread
Buttermilk pancakes
Cinnamon applesauce with plain yoghurt
Detroit style Hawaiian
Garlic Knots
Detroit style pepperoni pizza
Zucchini and Squash
Steak with Gorgonzola sauce, baked potato &amp; stuffed mushrooms.
Almost Full English
some brown butter chocolate chip cookies
Canelés de bordeaux
Chicken Bread
Fresh Pasta Dough
my daughter’s Valentine’s Day chocolate cupcakes with buttercream frosting
Vegetable maggi with Bread. The quality of picture is not good but the tasted amazing.
Butter Chicken with Basmati
Wild duck cooked three ways, green beans with parmesan, sweet corn
creamy almond chicken curry
Pasta alla Gricia
Lime Meringue Cupcake
Cucumber crab rolls with mango drizzle
Cinamonrolls with mapple sirup and selfmade icecream
Swedish meatballs over egg noodles
Buffalo chicken tenders, roasted herb potatoes, and broccoli salad
Tiramisu macaroons and drank Bosnian coffee
California burrito with green salsa instead of red.
Fried Chicken Wings
sausage, potato and plum traybake
sweet potato fries
Italian spicy meatballs, ready to be cook.
chicken pot pie with biscuit topping
Japanese Shabu Shabu I made for my parents. Bringing back memories from when we lived there for a year back in ‘07. 懐かしい〜
Beef shawarma, with yogurt sauce, pickles, and caramelized onions
Sunday roast
Nom Yen Loaf with Vanilla Custard, Forest Fruits and Basil
Lemon Tofu
Cast iron pizza! Topped with mozzarella, calabrese salami, onion, jalapeño, and honey
Simples bacon egg and &amp; cheese sandwich on whole wheat with Mayo.
Blackened Bacon Blue Cheese Bison Burger
red velvet cupcakes
Spam Musubi
Christmas dessert box for a few close friends. A little bit of everything
Sword Fish and Pees
Vegan Banana and blueberry bread
Fruit puns sugar cookies
Food Compilation
Bread and Salted Butter
Chocolate Nutella Babka
grilled sausages with asparagus wrapped in bacon
Cranberry and Jalapeño Jelly
Grilled Garlic Parm Buffalo Wings
Viral video! Shreyas Iyer shakes a leg with Yuzvendra Chahal's wife Dhanashree Verma - Times Now
how to change youtube channel name | Learn Everything Fast
Sweet Potato &amp; Black Bean Taco, topped with Citrus Cilantro Crema
Houston Weather: Winter storm paralyzing Texas is far from over, with another round coming tonight - KTRK-TV
Fast, Medium Or Slow Food Challenge **Breaking Airpods**
Chefs ~kiss~.  PB kisses or blossoms or whatever.
Had to bring in the New Year with some luck! Let’s just say everyone likes black eyed peas now.
Pan fried pork loin, Hasselback potatoes and baked beans
Pizza Centipede! Happy Halloween 🎃
Krispy Kreme donuts. California.
my rodeo burger
Asian food
Peanut Butter Banana Oatmeal Cups
Good Start for a good day with tea.
risotto
Peanut Rice Recipe in Telugu పల్లీల రైస్ చాలా తక్కువ టైం లో రుచికరమైన రైస్ రెసిపీ
Celery and Dill Soup
steak dinner
Chicken Tikki Masala with Garlic Naan
3 Layer Reese's Cake
Sweet and sour pork goulash.
Cinnamon-Sugar Belgium Waffles
Butter Paneer
Eating Chinese Dumpling with BABY's HEAD SHAPE - ASMR Mukbang Food sounds
Potato Wedge &amp; Chicken Bruschetta
Pepperoni and mozzarella stromboli
Gambas rebozadas
Brown Sugar Boba
- Bowl of Oatmeal
chocolates
Paneer Butter Masala
No bake Strawberry cream cheese mousse
sesame covered loaf, just pulled from the oven, still crackling
Stump de Noel
Bacon Mac and Cheese from last night 😋used extra sharp white cheddar, fontina, Swiss gruyère, parmesan, and a little merlot cheese from Costco!
Fettuccine Alfredo with roasted brussel sprouts and bacon
blueberry muffins with crumb topping
White chocolate raspberry crepe cake from La Patisserie Choquette
Corn-Potatoe Soup
Fudgy Cracked Top Brownies
Mutton Dampukht Pakistani Delicacy
Simple chili- or an excuse for a metric shit ton of sharp cheddar
Three-layer coconut cake
Japanese fried chicken and slaw
cannollis
Cheese stuffed pizza dough with garlic butter
Loaf of sourdough bread. After 7 days total, it came out nicely. I’m a little proud :)
Turmeric Sourdough
Beef Dip Sandwiches
pide
Best breakfast in Egypt fava beans
Cheesecake sampler (Raspberry, Pumpkin, Golden Oreo, and Chocolate)
Pulled beef with onion relish on some fresh brioche. Hands down my favorite sandwich I’ve ever made.
Sweet n Sour Ribs
Grilled Filet Mignon Steaks
Building sustainability via food forests - The Recorder - The Recorder
Creme Brulee Cheesecake with Strawberries and Blueberries
Meatball Beef Stroganoff with Egg Noodles
Sharp Cheddar Soufflé
Baked these Dragonball Z vanilla cupcakes today!
Sprinkle Explosion Cake
Banger(s) and Mash
oven ribs with garlic string beand and a potato that looked like an idaho but more creamy. Ideal complement.
Stevia chocolate with raspberry filling
crispy bacon, fried sunny side up eggs and perfectly browned toast.
Pork rib roast
nacho
fettuccine with truffle and mushroom cream sauce. Served with shrimp and brown butter seared scallops.
Halal chicken with homemade white sauce
Quesabirria tacos
Panko Crusted Arancini
Bread bowl with creamy Basil Tomato Bisque
Onigiri with Carrot, Spicy Egg, Mushroom and Tofu
Today’s lunch!
Beef, shiitake and oyster mushroom stir fry
Bounce-E Electric Scooter Launched - Booking Via Mobile App - RushLane
makin' bacon pancakes
roast chicken
Thai basil chicken with a side of morning glory veg
Mastercard to allow cardholders to transact in cryptocurrencies - Mint
Chicken stir fry
Seven Pasta Sampler
stuffed roasted pumpkin with roast chicken
Fresh Berry Cream Cake
French toast and lemon curd, with tea.
Neapolitan pizza + leftover mushrooms
fried chicken sandwiches
Short rib beef croquettes with gochujang aioli
Late night stir fry veggie noodles
Chocolate slab🍫🤤
Vietnamese Grilled Pork Chops
making khachapuri .
Devil's food cake!
Flourless fudge cookies
Club steak with country cuts and grilled vegetables.
7kg home cooked turkey, tested 27-28 mins/kg, to get the best tenderness
Gluten-Free Crispy Pumpkin Pancake
blueberry streusel muffins
Smoked honey chipotle wings
Sisig
steak with roasted red potatoes and asparagus
Gulab jamun. Happy Diwali !!!
Beef Wellington with spinach, onion, mushroom and blue cheese filling
Blue Crab Chowder
indian cheese pizza
Broccoli &amp; Cauliflower gratin.
BLT w/ Egg on brioche bun
Saturday night prime rib
Red beans and rice with jalapeno and cheese sausage.
red pepper and Serrano risotto with sautéed shrimp and a side of blanched green beans
Peruvian Chicken
Grilled Chicken Sandwich |  Best Chicken Cheese Grilled Sandwich Recipe
American style pancakes with syrup and powdered sugar.
classes got cancelled last minute so i actually made breakfast- couldnt pick btween avo toast and nutella lol
Seared Salmon with Lemon Risotto and Asparagus with Hollandaise Sauce
Budae-jjigae 부대찌개
pizza with baguette bread
Beef Shortrib Bibimbap
Everything You Need To About  Banana Hair Mask
Handmade Pasta Aglio e Olio with Garlic Bread
tamales
Blueberry tart
Apple galette with caramel
tried my hand at meatloaf
pizza for v-day
tandoori chicken, Bombay potatoes and spiced cauliflower
Spicy 🍜 🌶 🥵
Bacon wrapped steak, cheesy mash and beans.
Sometimes home made is better than ready-made...
Butternut squash ravioli with bacon fat brown butter, brussel sprouts, bacon, and pickled beets.
Banana Mummies for Halloween
Surf and turf taco on a  tortilla
French Onion Mashed Potatoes
Cute boy gives threat to a barber, video goes VIRAL - DNA India
Korean army stew
Kreste in NYC. Such a delicious pie.
Japanese style chicken curry w/ okonomiyaki
Butternut Squash Pasta with Chili &amp; Toasted Pumpkin Seeds
a Spicy Brisket Poutine
Farmers breakfast
Fried Ribeye
Homemade Nam Khao
California Catch, Clean, Cook Feast
smoked wing(s)
Butter-basted strip steak, scallops, creamed spinach and au gratin potatoes
Fall-off-the-bone Honey Garlic Chicken
Salmon, Asparagus &amp; Broccoli
tuna tacos
THIS is ratatouille
Sweet and sour cabbage, topped with shawarma spiced lentils, egg, pickled carrots, and tahini.
At the Market Today
A charcuterie board I made for my work party
Togarashi Tilapia and garlic rice with marinated cucumbers and radishes.
Hot Chicken wings and Couscous
Hot oil noodles
Spicy lentil soup with drizzled chilli oil
cheesy scrambled eggs and bacon
Just two regular cheeseburgers
a tripple melt, i think. With ham.
pumpkin cream soup
Ribolitta
Easy to Make "" SANGRÍA And SPANISH TAPAS
Tandoori Chicken with fragrant rice and coleslaw and coriander chutney
New York cheesecake with strawberry sauce 🍓
Blueberry Scone
Yellowfin Tuna tartare!
Marinated Chuck Roast
kimchi jjigae
homemade Thai Laap with rice on romaine leaves
Chicken Dum Biryani
strawberry and Oreo cheesecake milkshakes.
) The Diversipie!
Pan Fried Pork Dumplings
chocolate chip cookie icecream
bacon and cheeseburger.
Low carb onion rings
Does anyone know where I could find a spicy chicken sandwhich like this in the Grand Rapids, MI area?
Potato Cheese Sandwich using whole wheat bread | Indian Style Sandwich
Gyoza Ramen.
Dill Pickles
Hongma: Chinese-style braised pork
Roasted maitake over scrambled eggs with avocado miso butter
Beef carbonade, gratin Dauphinois, pea puree with caramelized onions and carrots.
Year of the Ox Strawberry Rhubarb Pie
banana bread, biggest has chocolate chips added.
Chocolate Ganache Truffles
Hickory smoked pork butt/pulled pork
Homemade Cinnamon Buns and Cookies
Vegan Sticky Toffee, Vegan Caramel
Thanksgiving dinner of NY strip, herbed white rice, seasoned Brussel sprouts &amp; a sourdough bread roll
Beef Pad Kee Mao
Baked Mac n’ Cheese
Bierox today. A little inconsistent with the eggwash.
Breakfast Poutine
Sopa De Ajo
POCO India Teases Upcoming POCO M3 India Launch, Takes Another Jab at Realme - MySmartPrice
dry aged new york strip,fancy mash, mushrooms and broccoli
Chipotle Mac n Cheese, Brisket, Dried Green Beans, and Bacon Wrapped Corn on the Cobb
garlic turmeric tilapia, roast carrots, and basmati. The simple things can be the best things
Seared salmon in black garlic preserved lemon buerre blanc
Fish grilled on coals
Linguine with San Marzano tomato sauce, pork belly, and mushroom sauce cooked for 4 hours
Sriracha teriyaki beef jerky
i need this.. my fiancé will make  lasagna for everyone who donates.. i donated 30$
Kulebiak - Polish Christmas Bread Stuffed with Sauerkraut &amp; Wild Mushrooms
Very proud of my charcuterie board!
Clinkers Slice, Raspberry Jelly Slice, Lime Jelly Slice and Caramel Slice
Fettuccine Alfredo with parsley, crumbled bacon and baked chicken!
- Cookie base, chocolate cake, coconut whipped ganache, finished with Italian merengue.
Rainy day chicken parm.
Nylon Khaman
White carrot miso pie
Korean BBQ breakfast tacos.
Orange and choc chip shortbread with monogrammed chocolate seals.
Egg fried rice topped with rendang padang
Meatloaf Brain with charred cheese hands over mashed potatoes
Cheeky Homemade Gingerbreadman :D
easy tuna puff pastry braid
Air-fried Fries!
Heirloom Tomato &amp; Goat Cheese Toast
Food for Fuel Vol. 1
Crab Fried Rice
Airplane food be like:
crab legs, mashed potatoes, and spicy corn
Roast chicken with pan sauce and vegetables
Garlic Fried Rice
Sushi
Carbonara
pizza quatro formaggio
BlackBerry Pie
100% No Flour. https://www.reddit.com/user/handmademe/comments/ltqqky/no_flour_cake/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=web2x&amp;context=3
spicy chicken biscuit
Pasta. Olive oil, chillies, flake salt, celery, shallots, garlic, sundried tomatoes, parsley, pecorino, and macaroni.
30 min fresh, never cold egg sammich
Pudding with Ladyfingers / Lemon Sauce on top. 😇
Nudey Mr. and Mrs. Frosty Sugar Cookies
Apple pie stuffed pancakes, with homemade granola and cinnamon.
Ghormeh Sabzi
baked 5-spice beef ribs, sautéed broccoli, garlic spinach and white rice
Chinese Dumplings, 饺子. Shape: So-so, Taste: 10/10
grilled cheese: muenster w/ cilantro, on zero net carb bread, cooked in ghee butter.
TikTok Breakfast Wrap Hack
Shrimp Scampi aka Shrimp Shrimp
Big mac n chippies.
poached egg on toast, charred shallots, pickled mustard seeds and tarragon demi glace
Cinnamon rolls
LEGO FAST FOOD in Real Life CHEESE HOTDOG and BURGER Stop Motion Funny...
Crispy Asian Chicken Wings
Baja Fish &amp; Shrimp Tacos
chimichanga
souffle pancakes from today ~
Peppered Cobb Salad
I crumble down my chips and eat them with a spoon. You have every right to crucifix me.
Texas lawyer behind viral 'I'm not a cat' video sees the humour in his online hearing struggle - New Zealand Herald
Filets and scallops to be cooked with butter and rosemary
whole wheat pizza
How To Make Fluffy Pancakes | RUSSIAN Oladii vs AMERICAN Pancakes
Flower pot cupcakes with milk and white chocolate pots, chocolate ganache, pistachio cake, black/red raspberry panna cotta, raspberry mousse, and pistachio buttercream flowers
Chili con carne
Shredded beef enchiladas covered in chipotle cream sauce
Almond Chocolate Cake
Homemade Gluten-free, dairy-free Cookies  #quarantinebaking
Birthday cupcakes!
TOP 10 FRIES THAT YOU NEED TO TASTE
spaghetti bolognese with garlic bread
Wholemeal loaf
Best omelette I’ve ever made
Pan seared tuna and scallops.
富贵海中宝 Sauteed Prawns, Scallops, and Squid with Broccoli
Potato Diet Can It Help You Lose Weight?
Duck Phō
Cottage cheese &amp; Blackberry brownies
Chili chicken and pan fried noodles
Dessert crumpets
- I made Chicken Pot Pie
Dutch Christmas bread with Almond filling
- mushroom and smoked brisket fried rice
Pepperoni pizza
Cast Iron Pizza with homemade dough
Traditional original Bulgogi
Detroit-style Pepperoni Pizza
Brown butter chocolate chip cookies
Bạn có muốn ăn mì ý? "" https://tuyenld.tk/
this amazing baked Brie and garden fresh bruschetta
Sous vide ribeye with twice baked potato
Locrio de Cerdo 🇩🇴 (Rice &amp; Pork Country Style Ribs)
chocolate cake with vanilla ice cream and chocolate sauce.
Banana cream pie
Mujaddara, a middle-eastern rice and lentil dish with crispy fried onions
Tostones
Italian bread in bread pan
Pun sugar cookies
poached egg
The “50 ways to leave your guava” burger
Boneless Ribeye Steaks
Lentil tacos, roasted brussel sprouts and steamed carrots
Garlic Balsamic Pork Loin
Korean style corn dogs
brunch
Paella ! Recipe adapted from Food and Wine.
Salmon with dill sauce and roasted potatoes with butter and parsley
Tagliatelle pasta
new york strip steak and apple tart.
Sicilian Pizza and Pepperoni Pizza
Roast Duck
NGL Some of them look awfully good. 40 Pictures That Show How Different McDonald's Food Is In Other Countries
fresh noodles and veggies in a spicy miso based broth
Vietnamese shaking beef
veggie fried rice.
Traditional Bahrain breakfast to celebrate the Bahrain Grand Prix in Formula 1: Balaleet, Aubergine Omelette, Foule, Nikhee, and Chicken Liver with Pomegranate Molasses
Pasta with tomatoes &amp; chicken
Mushroom soup served in bread
Karnıyarık. Turkish split aubergines with meat filling.
Speculoos Cookie Butter Buns with Cookie Butter, Cream Cheese Frosting
Roasted brussel sprout, pear and gorgonzola salad
Korean hotpot
Sweet potato crusted pizza
Seared, dry-aged strip loin done in the cast iron skillet
pan seared pork tenderloin, smashed potatoes, roasted broccoli, and a shallot, rosemary pan sauce.
My cure for a case of the Monday’s
Ramen 🍜
Kidney Beans Curry and Rice!
vegan peanut butter cookie ice cream sandwich
Moroccan chicken drums and loaded potatoes
Paleo vs Whole 30 vs Keto: How To Pick The Diet That Works For You
Paneer Butter Masala
Risotto al gorgonzola
I made a  feta and tomato pasta dinner for my family using vegan pasta feta and mozzarella cheese butter milk cherry tomatoes garlic salt and pepper
Double Air Fried Sweet Chilli Thai Wings
Cinnamon Rolls and Cream Cheese
Venison steak with salad !  ! 👅
Sticky pineapple chicken
Burger and fries
Sichuan chili chicken
Beet tarte with cheese and nuts
Homegrown stuffed peppers
Marmalade
Bacon, eggs and toast with a splash of hot sauce
Parmigiano &amp; Miso
sourdough bread “pizza boats” with Canadian bacon
After many tries...Finally, good Tahdig.
"Lebanese" pulled pork and 5 minute hummus, salad and yogurt
Apple And Walnut Cake
Crispy potatoes
Danish Pastry with blueberry and cream filling
Filet mignon, scallops and spinach salad
Double Chocolate Oreo Cupcakes...
Pork belly burnt ends
Potato, bacon, eggs, cheese &amp; avocado
My little son's attempt at cake..
Christmas Cake
Spicy veggie stew
This  pork makes my whole house smell amazing!
Traditional food Nabe.
venison stew with some sourdough bread and a homebrewed stout.
Roast chicken Sunday lunch.
Chocolate wafers
colorful Aish sa-Saraya Dessert. Yum
Beef rendang curry with sticky coconut rice and a side of salt 'n' pepper squid
Momma gave it to me and I love it!!! Cores, peals and slices apples!
Chocolate Chunk Banana Loaf with Walnuts
Strawberry cheesecake macarons
copycat levain cookies sp's recipe
FAMOUS BHUTTE KA KEES OF INDORE
Parmesan crusted pork chops, asparagus, and shells and cheese.
Caramel apple cheesecake
Roasted Pork Belly
Dinner with my family. Mozzarella, blue cheese, parmesan and tomatos
Creamy chicken and mushrooms.
Deep dish pizza!
Homemade pizza bread
Sweet potato lettuce tacos
Cheese and potato pierogi cooked in the Ninja Foodie air fryer
Mini Village Food Range
Roasted Sharma Chicken with Freekeh and Tomato Herb Salad And Lemon-Garlic Sauce
Neapolitan (chocolate, vanilla and strawberry) sugar cookies
delishous jelly filled donuts
A savory bacon &amp; egg danish
Beef tataki on corn tortilla
Make Money Online
Nashville-Style Fried Chicken Sandwich
Laphing
Grilled Octopus with Polenta
Plated... Tomahawk with roasted vegetables.
Chicken paprikash &amp; brown rice
Egg Potato Recipe Breakfast Time
brownies
Herb and wine wings
Maestro Burger Ad 🍔😂😂
Teriyaki Burger
Okonomiyaki, Hiroshima style
grilled lamb chops, creamy mashed potatoes, roasted potatoes, sautéed broccoli, roasted carrots
Dry Aged Ribeye, Reverse Sear w/ Herb Butter
Mac ‘n’ cheese
Bourbon, Pumpkin &amp; Pecan Pancakes
high hydration pizza take 2. This one came out way better. Made in a regular oven turned all the way up and finished off with the broiler! I learnt my lesson and add the cheese halfway through so it doesn’t split
Mongolian beef with egg fried rice
LIVE: ‘He’s done this before’ — Djoker injury plot blows up
Apple-cranberry pie with cinnamon and orange zest
Seared oven finished salmon, green been almandine, balsamic roasted carrots
tomato and feta omelette, bacon, and avocado toast
Vegetable Fried Rice
well, that's true
Milk Potatoes 👌 Quick Easy Dinner Recipe
banana mango smoothie
Brunch was even better at home today
Pumpkin Cheesecake for Halloween!
Creamy Fruit Cocktail
Filet with roasted red potatoes and Brussels
crispy roast pork belly
Apple fries
Sunny side up eggs with cured meat, tomatoes, and jalapeños on lavash
roasted chicken with potatoes and carrots
some cute themed food. Hahaha. It looks good but was average in taste.
Bean soup using Mrs.Dash Southwestern spice, tomato soup, butter beans, kidney + black beans. Ran out of black beans.
dry aged black angus pan seared and broiled in a cayenne truffle honey sauce on a roll topped with crumbled bleu cheese and kewpie
Curry Goat
prime rib
Oven Roasted Pork and Potatoes with Orange and Mint
Shrimp Stalk
Apple pie season.
buns - Food, air freshener, antidepressant
Sourdough bread as base for New Years Eve appetizers.
Quesadilla with beef/ onion filling. Black bean soup, fresh pico and rice
Red wine braised short ribs, asiago herb polenta, and oven roasted asparagus
strawberry peach pie. All comments are welcome and very appreciated.
Creamy Chicken Moscato with zoodles
Crunchwrap sumpremes.
Pasta with meatballs
Cinnamon Hot chocolate
/made this ribeye with sautéed mushrooms
Treat yo self. Olive Fed Beef
reverse sear tomahawk
I made homemade pizza. Maybe too much cheese on it (if that’s even possible)pop
fry bread and leftover homemade chili
Pita Bread
EVO Pizza
Japanese fluffy pancakes
Tamales with fresh pico de gallo
Pork and chive potstickers
Paneer Tikka
Pork tenderloin with a jameson and cream mushroom/garlic sauce, served on pasta
Hot Chicken Sandwich.
A wooden chair
baklava
awesome Thai cuisines
moon cakes for mid autumn festival festival.
Minecraft cake (yellow cake)
Pastrami Sandwich? Yes please!!
a McRib sandwich and fries paired with a lovely Manhattan.
Besan Laddu in Telugu శనగ పిండి తో 15 ని.ల్లో ఎంతో ఈజీ గా చేసుకునే టేస్టీ లడ్డు Diwali Special Sweet
Birthday Cake
Cheese burgers
Butter chicken, chicken tandoori, chana massala, Biriani pilau, onion bhajis and vegetable pakhora.
breakfast thanksgiving leftover biscuit. Duck breast, cranberry sauce, egg, biscuit.
Can you guys please rate my steak? Would you say it’s undercooked or overcooked?
Crumble with custard-surprise!
Avgolemono (Greek Chicken Lemon Rice)
Almond Milk
Pork Chop and Veggies
Cajun Chicken Alfredo
10-Layer Birthday Honey Cake
Italian Meat Sauce
Last bite of Kuobuta ham with pickled kumquat relish
Giordano's Style Chicago Stuffed Pizza
Pancakes with warm punsch
Double hamburger with homemade pepper relish, seasoned fries
4 types of Korean-style rice balls
Moong Dal (Yellow Lentil Soup)
I saw a charcuterie board posted earlier and had to share this beauty  from my favorite restaurant in town
Milk Cream Donut, Korean Style
bacon egg sammie
Pan Seared Duck Breast w/ Raspberry Reduction Sauce, Sauteed Mushroom Medley, Garlic Mashed Potatoes, Marinated Asparagus
Pan seared sea scallops in a buttery garlic &amp; shallot white wine sauce, pesto / parm pearl couscous, and a roasted veg stuffed zucchini fan.
garlic bread with belted cheese
Chicken over rice!
A Brewer's Board and a Flight
Smash burger I made the other night. Please excuse the paper plate.
mini potato skins with mozz, bacon and jalapeño
Dan Dan Noodles
Gnocchi with hot sausage and tomato
Mashed Potatoes, Fried Chicken, Roasted Broccoli, and a side of Gravy
Pumpkin bread in an acorn pan
Roasted herb chicken and vegetables
Black Cherry Bourbon Cake (variation on great grandmother's run cake recipe)
Pozole Blanco. Tortillas, avocado with cotija, radish, lime and Crystal hot sauce.
Cinnamon roll pockets
Speculaas Cookies
“it ain’t much but it’s honest work.” I got a present for you. This cream cheese bagel. But it costs an upvote:D
I do believe the next IPL will happen in India, says Delhi Capitals' co-owner Parth Jindal - Times of India
Roasted tomatoes, onions and sparagus with steak.
Banana Cake
Pancake Cake
Birthday Lobster Mac with Tiramisu
Banana crumble loaf
Steam Momos At Home | Steam Momos Challenge | Momos Quick Recipe #Shorts
Baby Back Ribs in the Oven.
Maple whisky pecan pie
Merry Christmas You Filthy Animals! Home alone today, pan pizza seemed fitting.
Char Siu pork
Sour Cream and Chive Pull Apart Buns
চিকেন সাসলিক | Chicken Shashlik Recipe | Shish Kabab | chicken kebab
Shin Ramyun with 6 minute egg
Blue Fin Tuna Tostada
egg sandwich on grilled ciabatta with jack cheese, jalapeño lime tortilla chips, green Tabasco and cracked pepper
Crispy Honey Garlic Wings
Sirloin steak over balsamic mushrooms and spinachISL 2020-21: Mumbai City FC's Amey Ranawade 'Stable and Under Observation' - News18
 - provencal herbs savoury cake, carrots and Zucchinis.
Ribeye with asparagus and whipped potatoes
Cauliflower with a low-carb recipe (mashed cauliflower).
Fresh Grated Root Wasabi, Blufin Otoro on top of A5 Wagyu and Sushi Rice
Stack of american-style pancakes
Tom Yum Goong Nam Khon | Creamy Hot and Sour Thai Soup with Shrimp
Pambazo: Mexico City Street Sandwich with Potato and chorizo filling.
beef enchiladas
McRib Sandwich
Fresh squeezed Orange juice Vanilla Popsicles
Braised beef noodle soup
“” Burger on lettuce stack, topped with stuffed/bacon Wrapped jalapeños
chicken and waffles with honey butter
Cheese banana pie
fried cheese curds and buttermilk dressing
Boneless Skinless Chicken Thighs
fried baloney omlet
were Lebanese and we cook in the sauce with our spaghetti and have ground beef instead of meatballs. Anyone else do this?
Pizza Centipede! Happy Halloween!
Grown up lunch with childhood snack. Turkey avocado wrap toasted to keep it closed.
Eel with rice
Homemade Venison sausage and sauerkraut
Scallop shrimp and crab baked phyllo cups
Omelet sandwich
German schnitzel burger with caper cream, pickled red onion, chipotle mayo, onion rings and mixed fries
Beef and Broccoli
garlic cream cheese bread 🤤
chicken bacon waffles
fudge
All butter pie crust (the only way) with a brown butter and honey pumpkin filling.
Blackberry pancakes
CHICKEN HANDI
Octopus Okonomiyaki
Cast Iron Collared Greens
Bolger
Seared Scallops, Cauliflower Puree and Pea Shoot Starter
Very Tasty Christmas Eve Garlic &amp; Herb-Crusted Lamb
pulled pork sandwich
Chipotle Chicken and Mushroom Cast Iron Pan pizza. No knead dough. Sauce is pickled garlic, pickled tomato and marinera with jalepeno!
Hazelnut Choc Bombs
Greek Pizza with Rice Flour Dough
Something Oreo, Something Chocolate!!!
Steak s'mores with chipotle infused marshmallow
Garlic Butter Naan
Smoked Ribs and Greens Sandwich
apple crisp and vanilla ice cream at 4 am
Vegemite, do’s and dont’s.
EU countries battling lack of resources for food controls - Food Safety News
Double Patty Burger
My attempt making macarons. I’m proud how they turned out!
Smoked steak with onion, sweet peppers, mushroom and spinach
Nutella cheesecake with oreo cookie crust and Nutella ganache
spicy kebab burger my family love it
Cast Iron Roasted Golden Potatoes with Garlic Buttered Steak
oxtail soup
corned beef po boy
Canning green salsa with  green heirloom's, tomatillos, and jalapeños.
One messy BBQ samdwich
Shoyu Ramen and Chahan(Fried Rice)
Spam &amp; Egg Sandwich
Eggs topped with cherry tomatoes and jalapeños
Chinese BBQ
Roasted Eggplant and White Bean Salad with Spicy Almond Vinaigrette
Halloween cheesecake swirl brownies
Before/after shot of sausage and olive stromboli
Reese's peanut cookies done looking delish. 🍪
Seviyan / Vermecilili
potato leek soup and garlic bread
Black Garlic pasta stuffed with a Mushroom and Ricotta filling
Halloumi burgers
Spicy Venison Bulgogi
boiled and pan-fried dumplings
hot dog
Breakfast tacos. Home cured and smoked bacon, sunny side eggs, cheddar, and Parmesan
Fresh apple cinnamon muffins, some topped with blueberries and some with mixed-nut crumble
Chandigarh Oldest Fish Market |  Boneless Fish Cutting | Meat Market
Yakisoba noodles with veggies topped with scallions and sesame seeds.
Southwest Turkey Breakfast
Chocolate peanut butter chip cupcakes with powdered sugar and chocolate peanut butter drizzle with a peanut butter whiskey pipette.
Pork Tenderloin w/ an orange marmalade, rosemary, &amp; balsamic glaze, baked on a cedar plank.
perfected my Bacon, Egg, Cheese game
Yule log
Scottish Salmon
Dehydrated tomatoes
Chicken tikka masala and cheese garlic parathas
Sourdough 5% white spelt, 20% Emmer wholewheat, tri-coloured quinoa, milled chia seeds n black sesame seeds (All organic)
Cheeseburger with Peanut Butter
Stuffed Lobsters
Join r/jollof !
couple of steaks for the other day
Nashville hot chicken nacho fries
grilled chicken philly w/ jumbo grilled shrimp 🐓🦐
Green and purple vermicelli stir fry
Beef and Cheese Enchiladas
Turkey Cookies!
Brown Rice bowl with baby Portabellas &amp; Garlic sautéed in red wine and butter &amp; topped with Pepper Sirloin Steak.
Jamaican Dish - Calaloo, Banana, Yam, Irish Potato and Boiled Dumplings.
ẤN TƯỢNG với Bánh Phô Mai Mật Ong làm HOÀN TOÀN từ Lego - Lego In Real L...
JJajangmyun (Korean Black Bean Noodles) Ft. Chickpeas!
Triple fish special.
Stuffed pepper pasta bake
Irish soda bread
Qatayef with Cream Filling and Pistachios
Chicken Zinger Burger
Cheese stuffed, bacon wrapped jalapeños
Bread with tomatoes, mozzarella, onions and nuts
Sweet hand-semai
Banana Bread
https://ift.tt/3j1F6ib
Fluffy Soufflé Pancakes
Smoked BBQ Chicken Halves
Thin crust pizza
Surf &amp; turf pho
Chilli Egg
Bacon stuffed cupcake
adai dosa
Pizza made in outdoor propane oven
Beef and Cabbage Runza
garlic-ginger chicken with cilantro &amp; mint
Steak, spiced wild rice, avocado, and cheddar cheese burritos
A souvlaki salad  for dinner 😋
a veggie burger
chocolate, peanut butter, and peppermint fudge
Confit de canard
Tofu Agedashi
UK Sleeping Pills, Pain &amp;amp; Anxiety Relief | Pay By Card | Next Day Delivery
Chicken curry with rice
Smoked, char-buff wings.
Pizza on my smoker
Charcuterie
brisket for Thanksgiving
Steak frites
Early Thanksgiving dinner!
Samosas with mango chutney
Trilicia
Carrot Cake
Breakfast Quesadillas
Mexican Style rice and eggs w/salsa/guacamole/cilantro, spices, topped with hot sauce
My family holiday dinner reheated, was dropped off last night at my home while I was working 3rd shift. I've been working all weekend at minimum wage for the holidays by myself.
Breakfast Tacos!
Sundried tomatoes and spinach with chicken and shrimp pasta.
Pork and Cabbage Gyoza
Muffuletta including the bread. Ordered the olive salad from Central Grocery in New Orleans. Worth the effort.
Chicken Pot Pie
Philadelphia Roll
Sunday Roast Chicken
Labneh and Za’taar with pomegranate seeds &amp; an egg
Vanilla Cheesecake and Rhum Berry Compote
Maple glazed, maple-bacon glazed, and rainbow sprinkle apple cider donuts
Clam Soup
baby back ribs
some kind of thrown together salad
easy sweets recipe at home
Malaysian Rendang beef shank, bok choy stir-fry, (store bought) acar/pickled vegetables
honey walnut shrimp, stir fry veg and white rice
Charcuterie Board
Mediterranean Grilled Chicken Platter
Breakfast-Style Stuffed Bell Pepper
Chocolate cake, chocolate raspberry ganache, milk chocolate buttercream
duck breast, "veneur" sauce, hasselback potatoes and fresh salade
Smoked Wings, Potato Skins and Stuffed Hot Peppers
Cubeb, Long Pepper, Cardamom, Nutmeg, Cassia rye toast, torched
Taco night 🌮
Mess of a white cheddar sauce penne with baguette crunchies on top
baked stuffed shrimp
Beef Teriyaki Over Rice
Rice paper spring rolls
Cast Iron Blueberry Walnut Banana Bread
Butter Chicken
coconut red lentil curry with shrimp, spiced with ghost pepper powder
Marinaded skin on , bone in chicken thighs... over fried rice.
My attempt at 5 hour traditional Bolognese.
A Review of Chai Tea &amp; Chai Tea Calorie 2020
Ukrainian dinner
Reliance sells some Marcellus shale assets in the US for $250 million - Moneycontrol.com
Xmas alone for the first time in decades; decided to make a hot pot with whatever was lying around.
Pork Egg Rolls
Loaded Potato Soup
Carnitas tacos
What did i do wrong
crab and corn dumplings with ricotta!
Chocolate Cappuccino cheesecake served with fresh Kahlua whipped cream
Beginner’s attempt at honey baked ham. It was delicious!
. Chicken with mushrooms cream and some cheeses.
Homemade Chili 🌶️ (Sausage and Sage, Ancho and Puya Chile Peppers - topped with Goat Cheese)
Prosciutto and salami pizza
Lemon Cake (in a better mould from my neighbor)
Turkey Burgers with Garden Grown Spotted Trout Lettuce, Tri Colored Romaine and Garden Grown Eggplant Rollatini
Vanilla confetti cake with chocolate cream cheese icing in the middle
Amaretto Whiskey Sour
Arab Pickles with hummus - orange blossom carrots, Aleppo pepper turnips, shawarma cucumber, and sumac onions
Purple potato gnocchi with mushrooms and pistachios.
Rosemary and salt crust on a beef filet cooked in butter.
Smoked Prime Rib Roast
Pork, cabbage and black eyed peas to ring in the new year.
Eggs
moldy figs almost, so be careful! take a close look at your figs moldy figs are very common and black mold is some of the worst known
Tonkatsu ramen with seared Chashu
One pan chicken thighs cooked on wire rack over potatoes.
Christmas deep dish!
Alfredo sauce with bacon, broccoli, garlic, and roasted red peppers
Home-cured salmon gravadlax
Trout en Papillot. Sorry for the low quality picture.
cranberry sauce with walnuts, blueberries and holiday spices!
Labneh
toaster oven pizza
Fried Potatoes and Onions!
White Cheddar Nathan’s Chili Cheese Dogs
polenta with shiitake and fried onions
Apple pie ready for the top crust. Do you think I used enough apples?
Grilled octopus with sweet lemon cilantro drizzle and grilled watermelon
shumai dumplings
Cheesy tomato tart
Bacon Egg &amp; Cheese Biscuit w/ Sausage Gravy
"" Moong Dal Halwa Recipe
Is this how french people eat ? Potatoes, cheese, ham ? 😼😻
flame broiled bison burgers
Smoked Baby Back Pork Ribs
Paris Brest
Dark Chocolate Pudding with thyme and marzipan
roasted red pepper, red lentil and potato soup with garlic walnut bread croutons
Salmon Pesto Aglio Olio
Deep Fried Mozzarella Sticks
Today is the perfect day for one!
Grape leaves with sterling silver roast
Simple grilled lemon pepper salmon.
Yorkshire Puddings
** Very easy tomato basil soup
Curry, fritters and khichdi platter
Sukiyaki Beef
Hamburger steak, twice baked potatoes, Minnesota long grain wild rice and sautéed mushrooms
Lobster Thermidor Gnocchi
smoked salmon chowder
My attempt to Sundubu Jigae (Soft Tofu Stew) with seafood
Ram-Don Jjapaguri with Ribeye Steak and Asparagus
Cheesy Delicious Margarita Pizza 🍕
Pizza Dough Burger
steak tacos
Doblados
mixed berry cheesecake
Campbell's Soup Chicken and Rice casserole. You probably ate a version of this if you grew up poor in the 1970's.
Simple Pan Fried Chicken Breast with Steamed Broccoli
pancakes and eggs
fried chicken.
Azorean anchovy with sautéed vegetables
Beyond meat &amp; walnut Wellington.
Pickle-Brined Fried Chicken Sandwich
Taquitos with Tomatillo Avocado Salsa, Tamales on Tex Mex Chili
Jollof Rice
Wagyu steaks from The Butcher Shop by Niku Steakhouse in SF. Soon to be cooked
Thai Chicken Soup
Lemon Zest, Thyme, Rosemary, Mustard seed encrusted Tuna steak over Garlic, Wasabi, Butter mashed potatoes, drizzled with a reduction of Red Wine Onion tomato sauce
Beef Chilli Quesadilla 🌶
BORGER!
Scalloped potatoes with a panko Crust.
Potato Kugel
Chocolate Overload Freakshake
caldo de seafood
Teriyaki chicken with Turkish-style rice
I made a  Crab and Avocado Duet for breakfast
French toast with maple bourbon pecan butter
(Air Fried) Cheesy Dorito Crusted Babybel Bites!!
Ghost Pepper Donut from Dunkin'
Millionaire’s Shortbread!
avocado chicken cheese sandwich.
pizza w/ barbecue sauce, mozzarella, pepperoni, bacon, ham, and jalapenos
Crispy chicken Fettuccine Alfredo
bubblegum snow cone
NY steak on the cast iron skillet in French butter and garlic
Breakfast Tacos with flour tortillas
Chicken Pesto w/ Grana Padano &amp; mozzarella. Everything directly from the garden.
Pretty proud of my French omelette
Flaming Hot Cheeto Chicken Sandwich
fondant free turkey cake
Saag with makai ki roti the most favourite food in Punjab Pakistan.
SPAGHETTI CUCUMBER SALAD | QUICK AND EASY!
Earl Grey Lemon Drizzle
Curried Thai Crispy Pork with Fried Egg
Diner-Style Breakfast.
buttermilk spicey fried chicken sandwich with tomatoe
Falafels!
breakfast platter w/ cheddar biscuits, thick cherrywood smoked bacon, &amp; scrambled eggs
Coconut Rice in Telugu కొబ్బరి పాల తో తక్కువ టైం లో కమ్మని రుచికరమైన కొబ్బరి అన్నం
fauxtatoes!!! Sauteed rutabegas in the cast iron and finished in the oven. Butter, salt/pepper..finished with green onions!
Smoked pork shoulder/Pulled pork sandwich
Spicy baked rigatoni bolognese
Grass-Fed Beef Stew with Mushrooms &amp; Carrots
Roast chicken, sausage, potatoes and peppers 🌶🍗 🥔
French dip sandwich: ciabatta, horseradish cream, wholegrain mustard, melted gouda cheese, caramelised onion, sliced roasted ribeye tossed in salsa verde served with a beef broth for dipping and crisps
Fried Chicken https://youtu.be/qdX7f_X-JZg
Chorizo, regular pork, lentil and red bean soup with diced tomatoes
BBQ Smoked Baby Back Ribs
Nashville Hot Chicken at Tumble 22 in Austin
Short ribs slow cooked then quick charred
Apple Pie, my first time making
Pizza with Chorizo, Onions, and Basil.
Pepperoni pizza with sambal oelek in the tomato sauce
Rosemary Butter Mahi
Southwest Black bean and Corn chowder
Black sesame and sakura flavored shaved ice
Chocolate Malt Sandwich Cookies
duck leg, Squash purée and autumn vegetables
Angel hair and lobster Bolognese and a baked lobster tail
eggs benedict w/ asparagus
Almond Croissants
شرح و تحميل تطبيق فون كاش البنك الاهلي وتفعيله للموبايل وحل مشاكله
Chinese MáLa Potato Volcano with Pork
Chicken Paratha roll recipe
Sous Vide Porterhouse
Vegetable Mac &amp; Cheese
Cheesecake stuffed carrot cake! Recipe in comments.
Chicken taco board
croissant
Sourdough Starter Chocolate Chip Cookies
Double Smashburger with caramelized onions, pickles, and jalapenos
Thin crust
Ice cream cake. Asked for "Yay America", happy with the result
Matzo ball soup
White Chocolate Raspberry Cheesecake Bars
Hamburger buns
cheesy scrambled eggs with caramelized onions on toast
Milk and Cereal
Basil Cheesecake
Sushi.
Vietnamese Pho!
Gyuudon bowl + boiled egg
blueberries and chocolate chips pancakes
a regular pizza. Nothing much
Goraka (Garcinia quaesita) ""
Cookies &amp; Cream Cake
, Boiled and seared salmon with a light garlic and pepper crust
Hot Toddy Cupcakes filled with whiskey sauce
"" Tasty Pudding
Chicken tinga tostada
Yesterday we JAM_med😍, It ended up splendidly 💯👌😁 Passion fruit🍈_Jam with mint🍃 Variations, Watermelon🍉_Jam and Coconut🥥_Jam....
how would y’all rate the food i’m eating
The signature crispy sea cucumber.
churros largos with a guava-cheese sauce
Oreo cake
Tillamook pastrami on sourdough baguette with capes and infused olive oil
Fresh para fish grilled with garlic butter .. SPICY !!
Grilled Cheese with Creamed Spinach
Saturday brunch jawn: eggs over easy with cubed tbone, fried longhots and white onions. Also, home steak fries with certain crabby seasoning.
Guinness Chocolate Cupcakes with Mocha Guinness Buttercream
Mango Coconut Milk Curry Marinated Flank Steak, Roasted Curry Sweet Potato Fries, with a Citrus Pepper/Carrot/Cabbage/Parsley Salad.
Ramen with Roasted Pork
Decorated Brownies.
Smoked spatchcock chickens. Spatch....
a nice cake for you, come on take a pice
I made Angus Rib Steak for Christmas
how make Jalebi recipe at home
Sourdough pizza Margherita
Indian sour Pancakes
Italian tagliatelle with fresh tomatoes in a garlic olive oil sauce
Irish soda bread
Sausage tortellini soup
Leftoevers: Marinara Sauce, Pasta Noodles, and half Garlic Parmesan Chicken turned into this. Not sure what to call.
Jackfruit bao buns with fresh slaw
just cast iron cooked corn
Arby’s Fried Turkey Club Sandwich...I’m not a fan of the chain but this product is LEGIT!!!
Biscuits and Sausage Gravy
Final version of my BIG MAC!
Chicken Parmesan
Initial opportunity to cooking real Hungarian Food - I present authentic Hungarian Goulash
Expecting next year to be better but it's not.
I ate  Herb crust pepperoni pizza
Stir-fried clams with black bean sauce
Toasted bread, avocado, cream cheese, poached eggs, cherry tomatoes, bacon, sausage, mushrooms and beans
Pesto pasta with mushrooms, peppers, garlic, chilli, mixed herb seasoning and herb philadelphia cream cheese. Parmegiano on the top.
Flourless Chocolate Cake
B E A N S
Fried catfish - red beans and rice - tater salad
⁣ 𝘙𝘦𝘷𝘦𝘳𝘴𝘦-𝘚𝘦𝘢𝘳𝘦𝘥 𝘚𝘪𝘳𝘭𝘰𝘪𝘯 | 𝘈𝘳𝘶𝘨𝘶𝘭𝘢 | 𝘎𝘳𝘪𝘭𝘭𝘦𝘥 𝘙𝘦𝘥 𝘗𝘦𝘢𝘳 | 𝘎𝘰𝘳𝘨𝘰𝘯𝘻𝘰𝘭𝘢 | 𝘊𝘢𝘯𝘥𝘪𝘦𝘥 𝘞𝘢𝘭𝘯𝘶𝘵𝘴 | 𝘊𝘳𝘦𝘢𝘮𝘺 𝘉𝘢𝘭𝘴𝘢𝘮𝘪𝘤
steak and potatoes
It was really sunny today so I had a tomato salad and some mozzarella with salami.
Sea Scallops in a Zafron, Leek and White Wine Puree
tri tip, biscuits, taters and brusselsprouts
Not English Breakfast
The Chepauk shocker: England stun India to win first Test - Times of India
Mediterranean shrimp over spaghetti
pizza with mozzarella, cherry tomatos, pepperoni and fresh basil
mac and cheese fritters w/ chipotle ranch. Home Team BBQ, Buttermilk, CO.
General Tso's chicken with rice and noodles
Ham and bean soup
Chicken Breast, Sauteed Carrots, and Garlic Mash Potatoes
Bowl of Spicy Pho
Bacon Candy
Soba noodle soup, Tuna tataki poke bowl with kombu Tsukudani, avocado, cucumber, jalapeño, and a homemade thickened ponzu.
Dill Pickle Bread Grilled Cheese With Cornbeef
Egg Squared
Breakfast Bowl Meal Prep
Korean Cheesy Corn Dog Quesadillas (with french fries inside too)
Stir fried tofu, asparagus, and white rice with a spicy peanut soy sauce. 😋
rum cake
hello r/food, Im 14 years old and I yearn to become a chef. I desided to make a no recipe cheese stuffed mushroom plate and I think it turned out great what do you think?
Lasagne was very nice the cheese still doing little bubbles
Spam+Pineapple Fried Rice.
Beef Wontons
Double berry pancakes 🍓🫐🥞
Vegan Smoked “Gouda” Mac with Garlic Bread Crumbs
my mom made this amazing cake for my grandfather
THE DAY I MET MS. GRAPENUT
waffles!
Soya Sauce Braised Chicken Noodles
Cajun Spiced Tofu
Whole baby Barramundi with Thai style dressing.
I also made a charcuterie board!
Peanut butter Cookies
Gravlax and dill mayonnaise
Apple Pie, Attempt #2
Halifax Donair with frozen fries
galentines day new york cheesecake with red velvet cake and cream cheese icing
a wet carne asada super burrito
spicy Ahi poke bowl
Pumpkin risotto
Detroit-ish style pizza
Double flavoured sheet pan pizza!
THE PUNGENT DEBATE: GARLIC
cherry soufflé from gotham bar and grille NYC before it closed.
Lockdown Lasagne 1 year anniversary.
General Tso chicken on bed of chow mein
a country breakfast
cheese enchiladas with meat gravy, served with fideo and refried beans.
Everything bagel with country ham, scrambled eggs, and deli American cheese.
Beef Wellington!
Cheeseburger 🍔
Lugaw
MAC n Cheese 🧀
Salmon with honey glaze/sauce
Raspberry Chipotle Carnita Tacos
Buffalo Chicken Chips
Pepperoni, Jalapeño, Mushroom, Pancetta, Six Cheese Pizza
3 kinds of fudge. White chocolate Heath, cookies and cream, and caramel delight
Chicken Enchiladas with homemade enchilada sauce
brekky for dinner (+fish)
veal
Skirt steak - carne asada tacos on the Weber Kettle 26”
Sausage and Cheese Omelet
Cheese and Ham breakfast muffins. Only two left.
Chocolate Ganache Tart with Meringue
Grilled Gaonera
The breakfast that was waiting for me when I got home. I feel loved.
pierogis (potato cheese and onion) chicken fried goose breast and a mushroom gravy sauce
V8 Cake from Masterchef Australia Season 2.
Toblerone Rolls
Grilled Rack of Lamb
waffles 🧇 + plain yogurt bowl
Thánh Nấu Ăn làm món SPAGHETTI Kinh Hoàng từ XÁC ƯỚP - Crazy Chef ASMR U...
Matzo ball pho broth soup with a 6 minute egg, local fried oyster mushrooms, hatch peppers, pad Thai noodles, and corn.
Marinara, turned into Chicken Parmesan with Crusty Bread
Making a batch of fermented salsa. Inspired by Brad Leone. 4ish days to go!
Rasam Powder | Chaaru Masala Podi | By Good Vibes
chili and cornbread
"La chasse de champignons" : what we tipically serve with venison, without the meat, replaced by mushrooms.
venison burger with fries and cherry cider in north park, San Diego
Lamb legs
bacon cheese burger w cajun fries from FIVE GUYS
Crissspy chicken thighs with roasted veg and wild rice!
Spicy Korean pork and rice with fried egg
Bucatini &amp; Shrimp in a white wine, garlic cream sauce.
Get a$100 Denny's Gift Card
Red Coconut Thai Curry with Shrimp and Vegetables over Jasmine Rice
Burns dinner: Scottish pie, neeps, tattys and cranachan
zucchini bread. Smells are awesome.
Vegan Seitan Steaks
Hot ham and cheese melts
Asian Style Streak
Roasted spiced carrots, hummus, flatbread, with pomegranate seeds and spring onions
https://ift.tt/2M4xdN1
Korean braised short ribs
Chili con carne
Turkish BBQ - i have more turkisch recipes here https://youtu.be/06zdqulzigs
Ropa Vieja
TCS to recruit 1,500 tech staff in UK - Moneycontrol
cinnamon french toast
Sriracha, Polynesian Sauce, Horseradish, and mustard tuna sandwhich.
korean bbq
Olive Garden's gnocchi soup!
""Chicken Shawarma | How To Prepare Chicken Shawarma at Home | Snacks
A granola bar in the bathroom.
Tofu &amp; Veggie Stir Fry
Chicken sandwich and honey mustard.
Seared barramundi
A5 Miyazakigyu Wagyu rib roast
Sous vide NY Strip &amp; Lobster, 2x Baked Potatoes
Vegetarian Pasta sauce served over Spaghetti Pasta. With my Basic White Bread leftover from the night before serving as a Garlicky Bruschetta.
Lemon velouté with grilled chicken, steamed green beans and broccoli, and garlic oven broiled/roasted potatoes!!
Beef, Pork, and Veal Burger with Dill Havarti on Brioche
spicy carnitas
Stuffed-Crust Pan Pizza with Bacon
Valentines dinner. Filet mignon cooked med. rare
Venison steak with salad
prime rib cheesy French dip
Mostly-Locally-Sourced Charcuterie Board
Just some late night steak and taters.
Matcha green tea mousse cake with white chocolate center
Boston cream &amp; sugar covered donuts
Dulce de Leche filled Chocolate Chip Cookies
Calories in 16 fl.oz of Welch's Strawberry Soda.
Lasagna - 3 coloured peppers, scrambled egg &amp; feta cheese
ham &amp; pea pasta
Chicken in pomegranate glaze
FBI agents killed in Florida shooting spent years fighting crimes against children - CBS News
Do you eat /Chef
Tandoori Crab
Red braised pork (chinese name= 红烧肉 recipe in description)
Banana cream pie.
Pastrami Hash with Poached Eggs
Spicy Asian eggplant with scallions
Taco Soup
me and my 2-year old made brownies having never made them before, not too bad?
english breakfast kinda
https://ift.tt/3r5d9ZF
Korean Beef Ribs, Gaji Namul, Gamja Jorim, Korean Glazed Mushrooms, and Hotteok
Good food and it makes make me feel good
Doner Kebab
Autumn butternut squash salad with feta and chicken breast
Garlic prawns &amp; avocado on homemade sourdough, and seared scallops accompanied by prosciutto, rocket, and sage leaves
Spicy coconut chutney with coriander
Homemade beef jerky
Prime rib with fresh grated horseradish, horseradish cream, crispy potatoes.
Best coffee icecream ever
basic white bread
French Fries With White Sauce ""
Bulgogi Pizza
Saffron Rice, Lamb, Mixed Salad, Lobster Claw, Mashed potatoes &amp; Gravy
Bread pudding with a Maker's Mark caramel drizzle
A mozzarella and buffalo cheese pizza to enjoy with the night with my loved one
Spicy shrimp and pork dumplings
Burrata Tortellini
Shake Shack Burger
Raw beef mixed with rice.
Pork and Shrimp Dumplings
🥘🍱Special Cooking Recipe Series |  Recipes😋😋
sourdough kaiser rolls and bägels with beetroot!
Steak with green peppercorn sauce with lettuce and baked sweet potatoes.
Apple Caramel Mini Cheesecakes
Mitarashi Dango- Japanese Sweet Dumpling
Shrimp and Avocado pizza
Hawaiian Butter Mochi
pork and rice with bell peppers and onions
Avocado toast with philadelphia cheese on the base
Pasta E Fagiole, Homemade
Yes, You Can Eat Keto Taco Bell
Hot and Tangy Stir Fry
I just started to learn to cook in the past week and decided to make meat balls, they actually turned out pretty well.
Neapolitan Fried Pizza
Pizza with salame, kalamata olives, cream cheese, fresh mozzarella, red bell pepper.
Fried Zucchini
Donuts 🤤
salted peanut butter fudge brownies
https://ift.tt/3oXI1KU
Buttermilk fried chicken
Veggie frittata
latkes and sufganiot (jelly donuts) for Hannukah
Reuben
Just Awesome
Steak and cheese Omelette with green onions.
Menemen (Turkish Breakfast Scramble)
Honeycomb chocolate bars
Potato Bacon Chowder
Christmas dinner: Roasted Filet head, garlic potato, caramelized onion Brussels with a rosemary goat cheese cream sauce
Stir-fry Rice with Sunflower &amp; Pumpkin Seeds
salmon sashimi.
Cemita Sandwich. Fried chicken thigh, Avocado, Mexican fried cheese, cilantro, chipotle mayo, pickled onion, on a sesame seed bun.
fresh caught walleye, double breaded in seasonings, corn meal and flour, and deep fried in the dutch oven
Spicy Mac’ and Jeezy
Duck breast over polenta, roasted brussel sprouts, and a mixed berry and balsamic jus.
Gammon ham cooked in coke Sunday roast dinner with Pork, Sage &amp; Onion Stuffing.
Croissant and pain au Chocolat
Are you a sucker for cheesecake? See how easy it is to make!
Langostino lobster roll on toasted brioche bun. Served with kettle chips - yum!
How To Make Cream Horns At Home - 4 DIFFERENT CREAMS
steamed artichokes with hollandaise sauce
Van Otis chocolate.
- Brownies - King Arthur Brand
Mushroom, Halloumi and Goat's cheese tortilla wrap
Breakfast hash
How do you like the concept of shake-to-drink milktea?
Gordon Ramsay short ribs. It was good! Sorry the pic didn’t come out nice
Butternut Squash Soup with Wegmans Sourdough
Marinated Mushrooms
gingerbread boys
https://ift.tt/36ESVy5
Crispy Pumpkin Pancake
Nutella &amp; Cinnamon Toast Crunch ice cream.
stay home brunch was a success
Pot of Pork and Beans
Millionaire brownies!
Free Sonic Giftcards
Asian style spanner crab.
Turon
Roast chicken with brussel sprouts and butternut squash
Challa bread
Anyone know this wild fruit name ?
Stromboli
Chicken Karaage
a 38 ounce Tomahawk steak
I make this morning BLT with garlic Artisan focaccia bread ! Delicious!
Vegetarian Stuffed Peppers
Sourdough toast with Serrano, Mozarella and Pesto.
Tomato and beet salad
Smoked brisket with eggs and biscuits topped with jelly, on a paper plate.
unagi don for two
man-mitch,
salmon and asparagus terrine
Makke ki Kachoris with dips and raita!
sourdough babka
Spicy Noddles
Bacon, Cheddar, and Fried Eggs on Toast
Just some  pie dough (in the making)
Pasta with celeriac, onions and parmesan cheese.
Oreo &amp; Peppermint Cheesecake with Chocolate Ganache.
Breakfast bagel with honey pepper bacon, ratatouille, and eggs fried in bacon fat
Rosemary Dinner Rolls
**awesome tomato basil soup
Low Carb Chicken Tenders - Recipe on my site
creamed corn with bacon
Malai Kofta.
baked apple dumplings
Peanut butter cup cheesecake!
bacon pancakes
Fried Fish
polenta with chorizo sausages in tomato sauce
New Orleans Muffuletta
chicken curry
Made some tasty, rich beef bourguignon for the fam
A friend doodled on my pizza box.
Christmas cookie tray
Made these are Mikey's Burgers and Philly's, added more complex favors with the three cheeses. Hope you enjoy the recipe.
New way of cooking rice removes arsenic and retains mineral nutrients, study shows
Scrap Riceballs w/ Katsu and Peanut Sauce.
Deccan Urban Co-op Bank: 99.58% customers covered under deposit insurance, says RBI. What it means - Mint
Octopus hotdog, with squid ink hotdog bap
Pancakes with apple compote
new foods I made this year.
I made the Korean cream cheese garlic bread too, and I can confirm, it's too sweet
Elk
CHOCOLATE CHIP COOKIES🍪
Mussels Pasta
Caramel Macchiato
ladipav, burgerpav, subway sandwich pav and many more from single dough
Grilled cheddar cheese burgers with caramelized onions, Sweet Baby Rays BBQ sauce, egg, all on pretzel buns.
chocolate chip peanut butter cookies!!
Apple Cider Cupcakes
Miso Braised Eggplant
prosciutto arugula pizza with white truffle oil
Hot Chocolate Lace Cookies
Only picture I managed to take before they were eaten for Christmas
Banana &amp; Rum Milkshake
Hot &amp; Sour Curried Cod Pie
Fried Chicken Thighs
The town motto of Gettysburg, SD.
My  fondu failed and separated from the liquid. What should I do with the leftover?
Egg and avocado toast on fresh baked bread
Cornbread drizzled with honey.
sushi. Probably not authentic, but it tasted really good.
Chicken, Zucchini, &amp; Mushroom Over Rice
Chicken and Chorizo casserole
Apple crisp with vanilla bean and salted caramel sauce
rigatoni with Caramelized onions, roasted kale and blue cheese
Vegetarian Tacos
Last night’s  mac and cheese burger!
Beef Wellington, Potatoes Gratin, Roasted Carrots. Not shown red wine reduction sauce and 1983 Chateaux Margeaux. Hope your dinner was delicious and Merry Christmas!
Chicken Tacos
Olive, Tomato, and Roasted Garlic Focaccia Bread
blackberry cheesecake
French toast &amp; bacon
Shrimp and Lobster on the charcoal grill.
Pozole
Cranberry-Pomegranate Mousse Pie from Dessert Person by Claire Saffitz
Duck Pastrami Reuben
Slow-cooked Beef Stroganoff with Silesian Dumplings &amp; Gherkins
raw oysters and clams
rack #2
BANANA MUFFINS with pecan brittle/ bitter chocolate chips on top
Bữa Ăn ÁM ẢNH😨 | CUỘC ĐỐI ĐẦU VỚI QUÁI VẬT SIREN HEAD - Thánh Nấu Ăn Sto...
Japanese Nikujaga Paired with Cabernet / Merlot :)
Fried Chuck Roast in a Curry Sauce with some Egg Yolks
Wagyu rump and rib fillet with vegetables. All done on a weber kettle.
Fish n chips
take out . walnut shrimp/ orange chicken/ beef and greens/ jasmine rice/ vegetarian chop suey. Have done a few times hardest part is getting it ready all at once.
Chickpea pasta with Chicken
•••Orange Bundt Cake•••
Duck breast udon with yuzu dashi broth
Korean Beef Style Bowl
Double frying french fries and chicken thighs
Franklin’s BBQ in Austin. Now doing curbside, way better than the lines...
Strawberry and cheese cream cake
Казан-кебаб из курицы
Nashville hot chicken sandwiches
TURKEY
Grilled chicken legs and thighs
beef ribs from Costco.
Magret de canard
Pumpkin Pie for halloween !
Pork Udon Ramen Soup
Kheer aka Rice pudding
Hot-n-Spicy and Regular Mozzarella Sticks
Sourdough breads
korean bbq plus rice cakes and side dishes
Guava wood smoked stuffed, bacon wrapped sweet onion atop smoked pork belly
Finnish Style Rye Bread
Chocolate crepes with homemade whipped cream
Baked Mac n Cheese Balls
Full Chicken Tandoori with Butter Nun. #Chittagong #Bangladesh
Lamb donner meat (pre kebab)
Tsukune
Matty Matheson’s Italian Wedding Soup (with spinach)
Waiting for my wood fired pizza.
PB&amp;J Muffins
pancake
egg in a basket
Milk and Cocoa Spiral Mantou (Chinese steamed buns)
chocolate soufflé with fresh strawberries
Black and white chocolate cake
pasta 🙂
Reverse Seared Rib Roast
create a facebook app for your page create facebook app and page tab in facebook
Matcha Pound Cake
Hello Reddit. I am a chef and As of recent, I’ve had the opportunity to make many homemade meals. I call this Potato Rösti or Gamja-Jeon. What is this called in your country?
I use to despise cooking. Now I love cooking delicious and healthy meals!
In-N-Out Burger
baked camembert with pickles and cured sausage
a real NY Bacon egg and cheese
Baked Chicken Thighs On Mashed Potatoes
smoked 10oz Filet Mignon with herb compound butter, crispy garlic broccoli, and twice baked potato.
Bourbon Pecan Cheesecake
Strawberry Pop-Tarts &amp; French Toast Crunch
sous vid rack o lamb
Spicy Garlic Shrimp with Noodles
Lil bunny wabbit
Smoked salmon, rocket and poached eggs
Lamb Rack - Slowcooked for 10 hours, with a soya / hoisin / sweet chili sauce
Super Bowl Pressure Cooked Short Rib Chili
Pesto Pasta with Chicken!
strawberry layer cake a’la five year old
Guyanese Curry Chicken
Braided Salmon | Asparagus | Brown Rice
Hainanese chicken rice
Shrimp With Yum Yum Sauce
Mac n cheese with panko&amp;sage breadcrumb  I ate it with pesto :)
Ham and Cheese Omelette Sandwich
Thanksgiving Leftover Paninis
my Instagram page
Chocolate Hawaiian Butter Mochi
Out of a large table of chinchulines with a lot of provolone cheese and a little chili powder on it
Crispy Eggplant!
Fried Egg White, Mini Pancakes w/ Syrup, Turkey Bacon, and Fresh Strawberries
Seared Ribeye With Butter Mashed Potatoes
ravioli with an almond spinach filling
Pastrami on Rye with Mustard.
Scotcheroo
Poached egg. Perfect breakfast 🍳
Saag Aloo
Gruyère, Cannabutter &amp; Green Garlic Gougères
Chicken Fajita
brown butter toffee and chocolate discs cookies
Turkey burger on toasted sesame seed french bread
Carne Asada Quesadilla with Sour Cream, Guacamole &amp; Chips
Ham and mushroom pizza.
My friend making  cakes by order and someone order this
Durian Layer Cake
Carrot Rice
Oven Baked Black Sea Bass, roasted potatoes, and sautéed mushrooms
chocolate pumpkin cheesecake
sushi variation
lamb bunny chow on the left, chicken bunny chow on the right
American Wagyu Ribeye Steak. Not the A5 wagyu, not crazy expensive $35.99/lb, but incredibly soft and buuuuttery!
godda** Norwegian cinnamon rolls
mini Pavlova with cream cheese
Pumpkin soup with vanilla, ginger, dates puree and oranges
triple meat pizza redux: vodka sauce instead of pizza sauce, mozzarella, diced sopressata, Black Forest ham and spicy Italian sausage
Pumpkin Brain - Gaspacho Tomato+orange juice
Tortilla chips
Omlette du Fromage
four cheese tortellini in a spicy vodka sauce, topped with parmesan and bacon
Cypriot style Hummus
Chicken Tacos with Pickled Red Onions, Tillamook Cheddar and Sour Cream
pizza margarita
Levain style cookies - Chocolate chip + Walnuts https://fadfoods411.wixsite.com/fadfoods
Raw fish.
My boyfriend is starting work again after his workplace has been shut down for 6+ months!! He's super excited to start his first day!
Futomaki
I made some avocado toast
amaretto gooey chocolate brownies.
Cornbread stuffing and macaroni and cheese waffle topped with mashed potatoes and gravy.
since everyone else does it, I’m happy enough with my steak tonight to show it off!
Tteokbokki ramen
xpxpxpxpxpxpxpxpxpxpxpxpxpxpxp
Croque Madame
Pork schnitzel and spätzle
Panna cotta with blueberry jelly
Flank steak
panda Express orange chicken
truffles
birthday chocolate cake
Fajita Cheese Burgers w/Avacados
Double Smoked Turkey and Andouille Gumbo
Italian Hoagie.
Sausage Bun with Corn on the Cob and Chopped Salad
Fried Egg White layered with sautéed onions, jalapeños and tomatoes, Garam-Masala and grated boiled egg on brown toast -
Grilled salmon, couscous, mashed sweet potato, snow peas, and herb sour cream dip
S'mores. Yum!
Chicago-style hot dog with fresh cut fries.
mushroom tart
Fresh sushi in Japan
Chicken kebab with saffron rice &amp; Greek salad. Spicy garlic tzatziki sauce on side.
I don't think bathing a cat was supposed to be this smooth.
a Super Delicious!How to make Malaysian food Apam balik
sheet pan chicken with potato's and lemon garlic yoghurt
Fudge-y chocolate cookies with milk chocolate and white chocolate chips!
Okonomiyaki (お好み焼き)
Red velvet cupcake, rose buttercream
Fish n Chips fried in Beef Tallow
Beef Noodles and Dumplings
Steak Sando
Paint-Your-Own Sugar Cookies
Deluxe cheeseburger on a brioche bun
Winter Camo Cheesecake!
Nachos
Chicken Lo Mein
Honey glazed pork rib
" matar Paneer
Beignets on national coffee day
Aubergine with Lamb and pine nuts
This Honeycrisp Apple
smoked tofu burnt ends
White Chili l Avocado l Cheddar l Pickled Jalapeno Cornbread l Greek Yogurt l Fritos
My Jolly Rancher Collection
Sashimi and Nigiri
Open face Carmel apples.
BBQ Brisket with Garlic and Rosemary Roasted Potatoes
Seafood Boil
“Slimer” Banana Bread:
NY Strip, roasted golden potatoes, &amp; garlic green beans
Roasted hare with oatmeal side dish
A very beautiful (and delicious) ramen bowl i got served at my local japanese ramen shop
Smoked Red Umami hot sauce, with smoked bird’s eye chili, Black garlic, Charred shallots, Shiitake, With a base of apple cider vinegar And lime juice.
Loaded potato soup with kale!
Funnel Cake @ Santa Monica Pier
Mince Pies
Ramen with soy marinated roast beef
Honey Garlic Chicken Tenders
orange pistachio turkish delight
Deep-fried Shrimp Burger
Green Chile Cheesesteak
Our lunch today quarter sheep,  lamb machboos with rice in the Kuwaiti style, enjoy 😋
Guinness-Braised Short Ribs (Served with horseradish mashed potatoes and roasted asparagus)
Cheesecake with chocolate topping
pulled pork sammich with slaw
spicy Mandalorian stew from the Star Wars Galaxy’s Edge cookbook
sautéed potatoes with onion and asparagus on raw Spinach
- Naga Wings
Roasted Chicken with Potatoes
Cuban sandwich I made for a lunch special at my hospital
Burger with olives and fries
a king cake for Mardi Gras
Turkish village "makarna" (dried shredded flatbread), fried in a pan with butter, with cheese on top and in the middle
Leaf Shaped Pasta
i know it is not healthy..
Steak, Rice Pilaf, and carrot roses basted in butter.
meatballs and marinara sauce over spaghetti with garlic bread
Filet mignon with sauteed tomato's at 136 degrees
Prawn Rice Paper Rolls with Spicy Peanut Dipping Sauce
After workout meal - you eating it?
Afghan cream rolls
Four cheese and spinach ravioli.
Shepherds Pie w/ Puff Pastry Crust
classic tiramisu
Rosemary, garlic, thyme and butter steak
Ribeye Dish w/ Creamy Onion Sauce
Hot chocolate Macarons
Belgian waffle breakfast sliders with spicy maple syrup
Shredded Chicken Quesadilla/Paratha in liquid Dough
Corned beef
Jambalaya - capsicum, red onion, black beans cooked in diced tomatoes, bay leaves, cajun and paprika
Orange Rolls! The little Zest you need!
First time Honey Toast
Blueberry Waffle
empanadas argentinas
Brats and apple sauerkraut
stew and sourdough bread
Gnocchi
Master Sommelier Fred Dex as he chills out with Boyz II Men
Fresh Burrata
Double Cheddar Bacon Cheeseburger.
Shaksuka
Beef Wellington with Hasselback potato and asparagus
Caprese Salad with Balsamic reduction.
frys
spaghetti and meatballs😍
Red Bean Matcha Scones
My home made RED VELVET brownies. I've never been prouder of my baking!! Firepit burgers.
Nothing too appealing to look at, but a cup of Instant Ramen Noodles with Everything but the Bagel seasoning &amp; some McCormick Brown Gravy Mix is pretty good.
Grilled Chicken Intestine
biscuit bacon chicken pot pie.
Avocado Toast - Poached Egg
Mac n’ cheese with zucchini
I made someby garlic bread, thought this sub would like it!
vanilla biscuits
Skull pizza buns
Grilled Cheese with cheese on the outside
Chicken salad and Japanese highballs
Sunday Gravy!
Forest Stroganoff - duck and mushroom (including Wood Ear mushrooms that I foraged myself) with Nokedli
Buttered girolles with homemade pasta
SAVRPak created food packets to prevent soggy delivery French fries - The Washington Post
‘The vaccine cheesecake’
ribeye steak with roasted pots, honey glazed carrots, and saute sugar snap peas
"" Baby Potato Fry/Quick &amp; easy recipe/How to cook Baby Potato
Waldorf Salad
My Food channel
pinko crusted walleye, linguini with clam sauce and fresh clams, roasted broccoli with some homemade tartar sauce. I’m a cooking fool today!
Leftover Turkey and Veggie Soup
pierogi poutine - cheese pierogies gravy cheese curds fries onions and sour cream.
lots of food in Richmond, VA
Carne Asada and lobster fajitas
Red velvet cake with chocolate raspberry filling
Lotus Flower Cookies
Bucatini Carbonara
Rice Flour Bonda Recipe in Telugu అప్పటికప్పుడు బియ్యం పిండితో వేడి వేడిగా ఇలా బొండాలు వేసుకోండి
- Chicken Teriyaki with Lo Mien and Peppers
Garlic butter steak with lemon zoodles.
I made Tonkotsu Ramen
whole cut up chicken on a Weber Kettle charcoal grill using a homemade charcoal vortex. Perfect chicken.
Roasted the perfect chicken! (Although got a bit excited about the wing)
, merendina cake for lovers of spongy cake and succulent chocolate 🍫 so 😋
Veal Scallopini and pasta alla vodka
Pork tenderloin w. Spinach.
Chocolate Cake with Ganache Glaze and White Chocolate "Happy Birthday" Placard
Lazy cake
Campfire Grilled Brats &amp; Sweetcorn
Peanut Butter Chocolate Chip Muffins
Prawn and veg sesame stir fry
Christmas Ham
arroz mineiro
Chicken Katsu
The reason I like to camp :) food cooked over fire.
Pesto Parmesan polenta with mushrooms, spinach, and poached egg.
Buttery Flaky Biscuits
Arroz Caldo
vegetables straight from Earth’s soil
Cinammon buns
Steak au poivre with roasted asparagus.

Japanese Curry  by I, a Mexican living in Los Angeles.
San Diego Doctors Treating Patients Injured in Deadly Imperial County Crash - NBC San Diego
Chicken thighs and asparagus salad
Day After Turkey Day Sandwich
Im 13 so my parents let me cook dinner to celebrate the new president. The steak was basted in butter, garlic and rosemary, cooked to medium-rare. The potatoes were boiled, then smashed on a baking tray and roasted in the oven with oil, salt and pepper. Salad and bearnaise on the side.
ASMR Comiedo | Eating A Thousand-year-old Pyramid | Kluna Tik Style/ Muk...
Garlic butter japanese milk buns
Chimichungas with Cheese and Sour cream
Pizza
Fried Rice with prawns and cured ham
Teriyaki Chicken and Rice Noodles
My mom making Haitian food
Mall style soft pretzels
Garlic Shrimp and Mushroom Pizza
a Steak Burrito
Chicken Katsu
Pumpkin soup with cream and bread
porcini mushroom risotto
Orange Chicken and vegetable fried rice. Macro friendly, whole plate for under 500 calories.
- ciabatta with sun-dried tomatoes, serano ham, brie, tomato and chilli jam, mint
Chocolate Bread Pudding
Smoked Baby Back Ribs
Japanese soup that doesn't use water
Pumpkin soup
Chicken Chilly Momo
Delicious Taiwanese Fried Chicken (盐酥鸡).
Spiral ham, Collard Greens, Black Eye Peas, Cornbread Dressing
"3 quick &amp; easy weight loss recipes this will home made easy to prepare
Apple Cinnamon Pound Cake
Duck, squash, tabouleh.
tarts with soufflé and soufflé cakes.
Crapes. Lemon juice and sugar or Nutella?
Teriyaki Sirloin beef roll ups!
Salmon in a Tuscan cream sauce
Broccoli, Onion, and Red Pepper Pizza!
Ravioli
Brown Stock
salmon, rice, and salad
Gnocchi ala Vodka with Asparagus!
8 cheese pizza. I LOVE CHEESE!
Receta de camarones a la milanesa
Garlic shrimp stir fry!
Pulled pork calzone. Smoked the pork, made the dough.
Pizza Pani Puri
Ricotta &amp; Spinach filled crepes
White Bread - basic but so nice!
Arancini on spaghetti with creamy tomato and veg sauce
Apple Rose Tart
Birthday sushi
Curry Udon with Cheddar
mini keylime pies
Soba Noodles
Chocolate Chip Cookies
perfect penne alla vodka
Simple NY strip over the coals
Fresh pizza
this smoked bbq pork belly with collard greens, hominy and fried okra
Bigfoot Cookies
Spring rolls! My second attempt. Presentation is much better, flavor is still on point.
A Portillo’s Hot Dog And It Was Delicious
King Crab Legs
Butthole Chicken Pot Pie
Picanha
Prosciutto and Brie Grilled Chicken Sandwich with Prime Rib Poutine
pepperoni pizza 🍕
Toasted Dim Sim Sandwich -
Giant Chalupa Supreme with Seasoned Beef
Sourdough cinnamon and raisin buns
Chicken, grilled artichoke and red pepper pizza.
Went out to eat with the girls this weekend. Where should I eat next? #LAvalleygirl
Fluffy Milk Bread!!!
Russian piroshki for my birthday 🥳. Some were tvorog, honey, walnut, and raisin filled. The other batch was cabbage and ground beef!
Smoked Bacon-weave Ham
Ratatouille / Confit byaldi

Salisbury steak and mashed potatoes
A Sandwich with herb cream cheese, pickles, grilled ham, 7 month aged cheddar
Cream caramel
cranberry walnut leek baked brie
I suck at cooking, but my once a week salmon marinated in lemon and simply wrapped in aluminum foil is awesome
Butter Paneer Masala with plain paratha, samosa, and masala chai
Focaccia Art
vanilla cupcakes with buttercream frosting
10 mins ago I was dreaming of eating eggs. Woke up and had to make this.
Banoffee Pie
Strawberry and Dark Chocolate ice cream
Long-cooked Bolognese Sauce, Adam Raguseas recipe.
Simple Breakfast
Thanksgiving Table, all components are , variety of colors and taste.
Deep fried tacos
hot white chocolate with strawberry puree and chocolate cake
Blackened redfish benedict
Steak with Mini Bella Cream Bucatini
Chocolate silk peppermint pie
Chocolate Oreo cake
Braised short rib beef noodle soup with pork &amp; shrimp dumpling on the side.
Street tacos 🌮
Belarusian Dinner
POLLO GUISADO w/ white rice
Lobster rolls
Cornbread with a little jalapeño.
a thicc strawberry.
Roasted Cauliflower &amp; Chickpeas with lemon tahini and mint
macarons! I love all of these colors together
miso ramen made using leftover miso tare, water, chiyu and other stuff
Satisfy your sweet tooth with" " no bake oreo roll
Dutch oven pork and veggies
Korean Chicken Thighs
Roast
Bresaola
Pastry chefs version of Tiramisu with espresso bean ice cream
Carbon Veggie
Fudge Brownies with Cream Cheese Frosting
slow smoked pulled pork tacos with pineapple salsa and cilantro lime rice
Beef Wellington the inaugural attempt! Super Tasty!
hot sauce. Various chillies, white vinegar, garlic. Boiled and blended. Super nice.
Mabrouma
apple Pie
Bavarian Apple Torte
Chinese Tea Eggs
Tomato Bisque Soup
prime rim of course
no cheese pasta with basil pesto
New Years Eve Bomb with chocolate, blackcurrant and salt caramel ganache
peanut butter blossoms
Saudi oil hawkishness speeds Indian plan to seek alternatives - Times of India
Butter chicken and naan
Bacon, Egg, Cheese, &amp; Hashbrown Brunchwrap w/ Sriracha Crema
Potato smileys
Mac ‘n’ Cheese
sunny side up egg on toast
Tasty gajar (carrot )halwa,carrot pudding
Sikh Kabab
tuna steak with beets and fern
Egg Noodles
i made Biscuits and sausage gravy .
Quattro Stagioni grandma pie
top tier lasagna with a hint of cheese and salad on the side
Today  dry chinese beef noodles
Bison Burrito with Tex Mex cheese and Tabasco Sauce
My Firstt  Food Video Edit 😂 Well i tried my best for the Firstt Try Without any Help. Wanted to share 🤙🏻
Ricotta and Feta Lasagne
I will develop a andriod mobile 2d and 3d game for just $20
Cajun shrimp pasta
Dalgona
Crackling pork belly
Fi r s t Ti m e making an Omelette!
Tornado potato Twister |  Spiral Potato Street Style | Tornado Fries | Tornado Potato Without Machine - YouTube
Mediterranean Linguine Alfredo
cheesecake with cherries and chocolate whipped cream

Beet and Spinach Salad
Takoyaki topped with dried seaweed, bonito flakes, takoyaki sauce, and japanese mayonnaise
Ginger shoyu grilled salmon fillet, steamed vegetables, rice topped with seaweed paste &amp; a soft boiled egg
cheese + potato pierogi. Grandmother’s family recipe. Made 90 of them!
India vs England, 1st Test: Shane Warne Questions England's Approach In Chennai Test - NDTVSports.com
Strawberry mousse cake
I made Boston cream cupcakes 🧁
bacon wrapped partridge breast cooked and served with apples and onions, with a side of sweet potato hash browns
Cheddar jalapeño burger (with special sauce)
Dirty Rice
Red wine risotto with goat cheese and basil
Ceasar Salad With Anchovies
Simple cheese and herb omelette
Turbot, morels and peas
Fried Chicken. Turned out pretty nice :)
potato donuts 👍🏼
Carrot cake with brown butter cream cheese frosting and toasted nuts
My best friend made me sushi
‘Gross misconduct’: Two University of Lahore students expelled after proposal video goes viral - The Indian Express
some cast iron grilled chicken thighs.
Steak with sautéed onions, cilantro, Parmesan cheese, and bacon
Air Fried Chicken Nuggets
BBQ chicken pizza 😋
This great pizza i ate this weekend!
Chicken Katsu with rice and a Spicy Cabbage and Peanut Slaw
Rustic Club Sandwich
Argentinian Block House Filet with homemade Fries
sticky date pudding with Caramel sauce
Burger with loaded fries
Ham, Salami, and Salad on Rye
Kiwi and Canadian Bacon "Hawaiian" Pizza
Pizza with mortadella and pistachio sauce
Honeycomb Candy dipped in Dark Chocolate
No Bake Churro Cheesecake
Thankgiving this year I took on a 6lb bacon wrapped, sausage stuffed, Turducken.
Naked Red Velvet Cake
pumpkin brownies
beer boiled beef with potatoes, squash, and onion
Made some A5 wagyu.
Pea soup with cornmeal muffins.
Shrimp and grits with a side of mussels
Good Luck Soup
Burger with an egg.
Baked lemony cheese ravioli with peas, garlic bread and a green salad.
Nashville-style hot chicken
homemade breakfast
sausage and shrimp jambalaya
NYC style pizza
Filet mignon, creamy peppercorn sauce and sides
Hawaiian style baked manapua
Smash Burger
Pound cake
Marinara Pizza
can’t go wrong with ham, cheese and eggs!
Colorful bruschetta w/cherry tomatoes, Taggiasche olives, lemon verbena and smoked ricotta.
Sirloin steak with  peppercorn sauce, was melt in the mouth!!
this fungus i ate and it is
Salmon covered in pepper and on the side a tomato-onion salad
Tostadas
Pizza Golgappa
Sausage Bread Roll - Sausage Kolache
RINGAN - METHI Ni BHAJI NU SHAAK
Shakshuka with goat cheese &amp; ground chicken
Neighbours knew I was going to be alone for Christmas so they brought me this
Turtle Melonpan
burger buns (with beyond burger) and Zucchini sticks for my b-day dinner
Monster Rice Crispy Treats and Nutter Butter Ghosts
KAF No-Knead Sourdough Bread
flæskesteg 🐖😋❤️
chorizo, pepper, onions, crema, and egg on portuguese roll
Boar Bolognese
THE HIRSHON ULTIMATE JEWISH CHOCOLATE CHESTNUT BABKA – באַבקע
HOW TO MAKE THE BEST  COCONUT FRIED RICE RECIPE WITH SHRIMPS A...
Rasmalais!!! Most sought after Indian Dessert...
Breakfast ""
Waygu steak “sashimi”
hot chocolate mousse pie
Mango, pepper, prawn &amp; basil pasta finished with chili and parmesan cheese
Shrimp, eggplant, carrot, and potato tempura
Spaghetti and meatballs
Bacon, Avocado &amp; Eggs Bagel
Steamed buns
Herbal Porridge by Grandma (Village Cooking)
Yummy Breakfast Potatoes, Bacon, And Pancakes For Breakfast
Vanilla cake with tons of chocolate buttercream and toppings for my kiddos 14th
A stack of cottage cheese pancakes
Smoked mussels with Whitefish Roe in buttered brioche buns
Braised lamb shank with vegetables
6oz filet cooked medium
patty melt
Breakfast Board: Pancakes, Sausage Links, Hashbrown and Fresh Fruit
Mexican Cornbread Muffins With Scorpion Pepper Gouda, Cheddar, and Home Pickled Jalapenos
Virus shaped biscuit and chocolate ball
Smoked BBQ pork belly.
cake and tea
Apple crumble cheesecake with caramel sauce
"" pizza - from imperfect to almost perfect
nutella chocolate banana pudding with Vanilla wafers.
Veal Scallopini
Hatch Chile Enchiladas
Pulse oximeters, widely used in Covid fight, may yield inaccurate results, warns FDA - The Indian Express
see tacos on /food. make tacos. eat. repeat.
Crab stuffed/Bacon wrapped jalapeños
Foolproof Pan Pizza
Everything Bagel with Chive Cream Cheese
Pesto Chicken Bruschetta
Fasting This Navratri? This  Aloo Cheela Recipe Will Make It So Much Easier!
Butter Garlic green beans &amp; pan seared salmon
Blueberry + Apple pancakes, bacon and eggs
I colored a drawing that u/fatcatdaisy’s son drew
Lemon and chocolate ganache cheesecake
Pumpkin Spice Cupcake with Cinnamon Cream Cheese Frosting
Cheddar Cheese &amp; Jalapeño Bagels
ahi tuna, steak, rice, greens &amp; an açaí grapefruit drink 🥳
Sparchcock chicken slow grilled over charcoal
crispy stir fried eggplant in garlic sauce
baked cheese tart
Smoked duck bao.
grilled chicken, red cabbage, tomatoes and onions. Olive oil, course salt. Hungarian paprika sauce. bocconcini cheese.
Demi Baguette
Potstickers
apple donuts- glazed and sugar, apple fritters, blueberry, blackberry, and apple dumplings.
President Biden News: Live Updates on Garland and Stimulus - The New York Times
sesame crusted tuna, thai rice noodle salad, miso mayo, wasabi creme, pickled radishes and choya foam
Chorizo Tacos
My  Christmas Desserts Gift Box
Pumpkin pie made with fresh pumpkin!
Fenugreek Sweet Dish
How to identify Hobart Kitchenaid mixer
cheese donkatsu in rośe sauce, tempura shrimp &amp; Tteokbokki
cajun crab cakes
Sunday roast - pork shoulder, roast potatoes, Yorkshire pudding, and veggies.
seared scallops and green beans.
krispy kreme doughnuts
Puffy Tacos
Burgers, pizza, and wings: The politics of “men’s food” - Vox.com
Large Bakery-style Blueberry Muffins
Ancho Chili, Cumin, and Curry Spiced Whole Roasted Cauliflower
cherry cheesecake ice cream with tart dried cherries soaked overnight in port.
Found this on r/medicalgore! This foot had to be amputated!
Filet Mignon Dinner for one
12 Lunch Ideas Under 400 Calories
Old Bay foil wrapped chicken
S’mores
Triple chocolate chip cookies
This is some  steak I ate for the event (you know what I mean)
christmas turkey
Man in 'Camp Auschwitz' shirt, photographed at U.S. Capitol riot, arrested in Virginia - NBC News
Breakfast tacos!
New Years Eve smoked beef Prime Rib
Pav Bhaji.
Casado con pollo
crispy rice bowl with veggies and tofu!
Halibut an Chips
General Tso Meatballs with noodles and ginger
Unagi roll! Got fresh Maine eel from American Unagi as a DIY sushi kit. Tasted amazing!
new york style cheesecake
Cookies
Bacon - cheddar cheese burger
here’s a crepe my mom made
Home cooked dinner in my new house! Pan seared filet mignon with dried cranberry, feta, and balsamic dressing salad.
Old fashion chicken Fricassee!
Pork and Vegetable Lo Mein
My maiden voyage with  bread.
I made  a monster gooey double chocolate walnut cookie 🍪
Thai peanut buddha bowl
pizza
Ghee Rice Recipe in Telugu నెయ్యి తో చేసుకునే ఆరోగ్యకరమైన రైస్ రెసిపీ
the best Ice cream
this to the day 5 year old pork belly in the back of the freezer tonight...it showed no burn marks so I thought lets try braising and finishing it in the oven...turned out just fine, couldn't tell the difference from a fresh one...tightly vacuum packed and -25C.
beef pot roast
Cauliflower Manchurian without Refined Flour
Creme Brûlée Mouse
sweet and spicy focaccia
Quesabirria tacos🌮
snow ice cream! Snow, milk, a bit of vanilla &amp; blueberries on top! So delicious &amp; no added sugars or preservatives!
Brussel sprouts, with onions and mushrooms.
Lemon poppyseed cake filled with lemon cream cheese frosting and raspberry preserves and covered in vanilla swiss meringue buttercream
Patty Melt on Jalapeno Cheddar Bread
Smoked BBQ ribs
Tartolet
Nashville hot chicken with ranch slaw and fries
- 6 Hour charcoal/Hickory Babyback ribs
poke
Fried rice topped with slow cooked pulled pork
We made stuffed manicotti. Here's the filling!
Brownies with caramel, chocolate ganache, strawberries and raspberry syrup
prime ribs ready for the barbecue
Antipasto for Christmas Eve dinner
Chili De Arbol Salsa
Turkey loaf cup with mushroom gravy, honeynut squash, roasted red bliss, broccolini and beets
Supa crema de dovleac(reteta de post si vegana)""
“Almost” Italian Caramarata/American Spaghetti Os, spinach pesto, poached prawns, a half boiled egg
Eggplant Non-Parmesan with spaghetti squash and homemade sauce
chicken and pork tamales with red or green sauce
Ramen, gyoza, &amp; bok choy kimchi
Tha largest doctor channelling in sri lanka online Find a Doctor Sri Lanka
pepperoni and sausage pizza
Spooky witch finger cookies. (Bonus eyeball thumb for extra spookiness)
Ramen - I hope you like my noods.
Grilled Tuna steak and couscous
Chicken Dumpling Soup in Bread Bowls
DoubleTree Hotel cookies
“” Cheese and spring onion quiche
Takoyaki with Mozzarella cheese!
Bone-in Prime Rib
Flan de plátano - Banana custard
Szechuan style eggplants, hot and spicy grouper fillets, spicy Pakistani dhal, n steamed rice
Spring Greens Salad w/ Sesame Soy Vinaigrette.
Rabbit Pasta w/ Cream Sauce
Meat with vegetables
Scallop Spaghetti 😁
omelette with peppers and figs
Custard buns/Cream pan
Cuban Black Bean Stew with Smoked Hamhock and Roasted Red Pepper Hush Puppies.
Malaysian chilli sambal okra, Thai oyster omelette, n Indonesian lamb rendang
Butterscotch
Nori (seaweed) Fried Chicken
Fried Cheesecake
Just another Xmas rib roast pic. 225 to 123 internal, reverse sear.
Tortiglioni with beef and tomato sauce.
Garden Salad
Spaghetti Aglio e olio Beef!
sausage, egg, &amp; cheese
Butternut Soup with Croutons, Bacon and Cottage Cheese
Top 7 Superfoods List To Boost Immunity
Aubergine traybake
Chicken Marsala with mashed potatoes and asparagus.
Buttermilk pancakes and bacon
Some cinnamon rolls
Shrimp and Avocado Sushi
Buffalo cauliflower with mashed potatoes
Recently made some whipped cream to top my spiked hot chocolate. Added cocoa powder and instant coffee to make it compliment the drink it’s going on.
Gingerbread houses
"" The Healthiest Avocado Salad
Ray wing
cooked salad
Major Winter Storm to Hit Chicago on Anniversary of One of Its Worst Blizzards on Record | The Weather Channel - Articles from The Weather Channel | weather.com - The Weather Channel
Chicken cutlet, prosciutto, fresh mozzarella, pesto with stuffed hot peppers on Italian bread
Stages of Brisket. Dry Rubbed, low and slow and finished in smokey BBQ sauce.
Talapia Parmesian &amp; Paparika - veges plum and oyster sauce
Medium rare steak, garlic mashed potatoes and sauteed veggies
Banana bread muffins
Kung Pao fried rice
Airfried Paneer Tikka
Mac &amp; Cheese
Grilled A5 Waygu
Cherry crumble pie
Turkey breast with arugula, tomatoes and onion
Chicken Fried Steak
Smoked bacon and cheddar melt
Lamb doner meat with chips and salad (chilli and garlic sauce)
Duck Confit and Salad
blueberry and chocolate cake
US Golfer Tiger Woods In Surgery After Roll-Over Car Crash - NDTV
Sunday Dinner... .....Beef Roast, Potatoes with an Onion/Pepper gravy.
Oatmeal Peanut Butter Chocolate Chip
Pumpkin, chestnut and guanciale maccheroncini
Cast Iron Yorkshire Pudding
zupa tuscana, roast beef, and egg noodle(store bought noodle).
Steak and Carmelized Onions with Cheese Mashed Potatoes &amp; Roasted Vegetables.
Food Trip 🍩
Chicken Dumplings
Olive Garden inspired Breadsticks
Fire grilled kebab
Butternut Squash Soup
Pineapple Shrimp Pasta
Thanksgiving ham
Fresh Dungeness crab
Yum yum Carbonara in my tum 😋
Chessboard Fudge
Meet roll-up wrapped in bacon.
Breakfast potato &amp; egg hash
Chicken curry and Chapatis
Pan Pizza Slice
Mediterranean grill platter (kufta, lamb, chicken, and steak kabobs with falafel, salad, and hummus)
Pork on a “spit” for tacos Al pastor
Birthday cake with vanilla/graham cracker frosting and cake crumb
Butter chicken
cronchwraps
Dark Chocolate Bonbons with Cookie Butter Caramel
Delicious Christmas tree shortcrust pastry with cinnamon, almond slivers, chocolate cream sprinkled with powdered sugar.
Tagleiatelle Puttanesca with squid ink pasta
Szechuan Lollipop Chicken
Eggplant Parm with Bolognese
Scallop on Chicken Skin Crisp with Finger Lime and Bladderwrack.
bone In Ribeye Roast.
Witch Fingers Cookies
Blueberries muffin
Big Stein needs a Calzone! Pepperoni, sausage, olives, banana peps, onions and cheese.
Stir Fry with chicken thighs, garlic, jalepenos, bell pepper, onions and terriyaki.
Cranberry Sauce
Amazing Stuffed Eggplant Recipe
Check out this Homemade cocooning chin chin recipe My favorite Christmas candy, Butterscotch Haystacks. What’s yours?
Blueberry Slab Pie
Hungarian goulash
Spinach Stuffed Portobello Mushroom with bread I baked this morning.
Seared duck with sweet potato purée as a Valentines dinner.
I made very simple Ramen all by myself
Reverse seared ribeye with a mushroom cream sauce
Cinnamon crunch knots
Beef Carpaccio
Anyone here use Naan Bread in their sandwich?
Hamball!
Meat Lover Pizza
Queen scallops, Jerusalem artichoke puree and crisps, pickled apple, beurre blanc and Aquitaine caviar
Biscoff Cookie White chocolate chips, lotus cookies, stuffed with cookie butter! YUM!!
egg rolls and crab rangoons with sweet and sour sauce
chocolate tiramisu
Khichdi Kebab | बची हुई खिचड़ी से बनाये ये लाजवाब कबाब | Khichdi Cutlets ...
Spaghetti with Meatsauce, and Peppered Toast
Jerk Chicken Breast, Brown Rice and Peas W/ a Sweet Citrus Salad
Sweet &amp; Spicy Chicken Wings Smoked Over Applewood.
Magic Lemon Cake w/ Lemon Glaze
Cakessss
Thanksgiving Sides
Spicy thai basil pork
cast-iron sirloins with rosemary
Basque cheese cake, it’s awesome, well normally my cooking goes south...
Ding...It’s ready
Jjajangmyeon.
S’mores Macaron
Hungry during class
Banana Bread with chocolate chips and toasted almonds

Omelette and Potatoes
5 types of macarons
MAMA Tomyum Noodles With Fresh Seafood
Taco Night
Paella I made for my mom's birthday party  Peruvian Lomo Saltado and rice
cous cous stuffed poblano peppers
Mississippi Pot Roast
Made some jerky yesterday.
A Chipotle bowl
Vegan coffee Frappuccinos
Breakfast Easy Recipe
Grilled pork chop, baked potato on the grill and corn
Dal Poori
Palisade Peach Pie - not bad if I do say so myself.
Pancakes with Fresh fruit, bacon and eggs, and a mango cherry smoothie!
Reindeer sugar cookies for Santa
cocoa cookies
Miso-Soy Sauce Broth with Ramen egg
i ate hotdog n asked friend ,how much it cost. does hotdogh cost this escpsenvie?
Hand-rolled Fusilli Pasta with Aged Balsamic Basil Pesto
this massive chicken biscuit. (Standard size biscuit)
Spinach ricotta ravioli
okinomiyaki
hummus.
Berry custard tarts with sweet buttery crust
chicken ramen with homemade noodles
Arroz Verde, a Peruvian variant on arroz con pollo
Made Banoffee.
Nếu lũ QUÁI VẬT này là ĐỒ ĂN thì sẽ thế nào?? Thánh Nấu Ăn ASMR Stop Mot...
Spaghetti Primavera
mushroom toast
charcuterie board for my birthday. Thanks humans!
shrimp fried rice with broccoli and avocado! I rarely bother with presentation haha!
hamburger buns
Skillet-roasted gochujang chicken and potatoes
Had cream cheese. Made bagels.
chocolate creme brulee
Nutrients
Cheeseburger with Mac 'n' Cheese
poblano mushroom head with scallops, garlic mashed potatoes, and homemade chimmichurri
How to make pizza at home طريقة عمل البيتزا طرية وهاشة و مطاطية البيتزا محشية الأطراف ومعجنات طري...
a Lobster Roll, Jumbo Onion Rings and Lobster MAC &amp; Cheese!
mango &amp; raspberry mousse
Chilli Dogs w/ Cool Ranch Doritos
homemade breakfast !
Giant cookie
50/50 Burger, Monterey Jack Thick Cut, Fried Egg, and Extra Awesome Pickles.
Reverse seared Pork-chop, Roasted Carrots, Sautéed Sprouts, Mashed Potatoes
Sushi Rolls. Shrimp, crab and avocado.
Toast with homemade almond butter and cranberry jam. Spinah, eggs and avocado salsa toast
Kobe beef in Tokyo
Chicken Noodle Soup with mirepoix, cabbage and poblano peppers.
Grazing tray with oven roasted vegetable mix, excellent cheese, maple salmon and some nice fruit spreads to go on the cheese
Spicy yellowfin tuna rolls
Make Delicious Lasagne Pasties at Home
Chocolate orange babka
smoked cheese and chorizo sosig rolls
Smoked turkey and duck for the best Thanksgiving meal I've ever had!I also smoked a (half) turkey for Thanksgiving
Salmon sashimi, seared fatty belly, spicy sesame ponzu, honey miso mayo, pickled carrot, asparagus, and poblano pepper.
Wood Fired Pizza
Beggar’s Chicken
Pakistani Chicken KarahiViral video: See how father makes daughter's ponytail in 5 seconds - DNA India
Thin and Crispy Chocolate Chip Cookies
browned butter chocolate chip cookies
Snoop Dogg’s Chicken Wings Recipe
Chinese sala. Cucumber/Minced garlic /soy sauce /vinegar/ Chili
Poached eggs and cinnamon raisin toast with apple butter
Salmon Crostini Aglio e Olio, Goat Brie, Capers, Fresh Dill, Red Onion.
apple fritters
A mix of flavor Garden Fresh Greens and Avocado Chaat
Smoked Wings
Pineapple pizza lovers enjoy
Fresh Summer Produce from Nonna's Garden
Fried spicy chicken drumsticks.
Baked zucchini chicken enchiladas
holiday dinner alone with SO. Rib eye, asparagus, roasted tomatoes and maple cinnamon butternut squash with red wine butter sauce.
Ginger Chicken
Pumpkin shakshuka and pumpkin sourdough
Kapsalon, kebab meat, fries and (optional) vegetables.. all covered in cheese. A fast food dish
Mozzarella sticks
seafood and sausage gumbo
Pimento Cheese topped Burger with Bread and Butter Jalapeño relish and Sweet Potato Fries
Sweet Potato Tacos with Cilantro Honey-Lime coleslaw
Fried Chicken and Mashed Potatoes
London Broil with elote corn and smashed baked potatoes with a blackened ranch-horseradish sauce
Scrambled eggs, butter and brown sugar basted ham and biscuits
macarons
blueberry pancakes
WATCH viral video: Odisha woman who fell into river while clicking selfie - Sambad English
FRIED CHICKEN AND SPICY NOODLES
pierogis (potato cheese and onion) chicken fried goose breast (that I hunted) and a mushroom gravy sauce
Blueberry lemon scones
Arroz Valenciana, Lechon Pork Belly and Maja Blanca.
Love me some weekend Dutch baby
White Sauce Pasta
Sourdough pita
cheesy dauphinois and caramelised onion pie in shortcrust!
Vietnamese Beef Stew (bo kho)
Pork tripe stew chicken with my close sisters last weekend
breaded camembert with poppy seed and currant jelly
" HOW TESTY FOOD
Sous vide chicken, white wine pan sauce, togarashi rice. more in comments.
Chili con Carne
Marzipan
Crab Legs and Hot Wings
Raviolo al Uovo
Salmon With Garlic Cream Sauce &amp; Fennel
Cocoa Butter on Cookies and Cream. A Walk in the Rain
Cast Iron Pizzas.
Fresh Norwegian Bouillabaisse take away 👍
Caramel Custard
gluten-free chicago style pizza
Pumpkin swirl cheesecake, and a mini pecan pie cheesecake for Thanksgiving
Thick cut cheddar grilled cheese on white toast
delicious cheese burst pizzas. Who got hungry??
Cheesy Beef Nachos
Banana Pudding Cheesecake
Banana Chocolate Chip Loaf
Bulgogi Fries
shoyu and yuzu ramen.
NY Strip, Reverse Seared
chicken salad sandwich in homemade sourdough bread with cheddar broccoli soup in the background
CRAZY FOOD INDUSTRIAL MACHINES YOU MUST SEE
Kumamoto oysters
Simple crispy skin salmon and salad
Seafood stuffed fish fillets
a shawarma plate for lunch today
Awesome Recipe
Korean-Style Soy Pork
Classic Omelette with Spam Fries
Smoked BBQ Ribs
Vegetable cream soup (broccoli, spinach, red onion, pepper, carrots and enriched with bechamel), risotto (carrots, broccoli and garlic), cheesy sticks, and puff pastry with sour cherry jam.
I don’t cook much, but I’m making chili with leftover turkey and also used jalapeños and a chocolate fudge stout. I’m very, very excited to taste this.
Pan grilled lemon butter salmon with oven roasted potatoes, mozzarella stuffed tomatoes and bell peppers
Birthday dinner made for me by my SO. All : noodles, broth and he marinated the eggs as well. 😊
Pepperoni parm, classic CC, pickled dawg. Clockwise.
Crêpe
Ribs and garlic bread.
Chicken sando&gt;hamburger
Lemon macarons!
Spinach Ricotta Lasagna
Seafood Paella - Saizeriya
chicken schwarma lettuce wraps
Making homemade cinnamon rolls! Thought the swirl was so pretty! Cinnamon Date Rolls
Chicken Quesadilla (keto)
lemon poppy pull apart cake
Apricot balls
Barley Veggie Bowl with  Hot Ginger/Garlic Oil
A three course meal in Dinner by Heston Blumenthal.
Burrata with roasted acorn squash over a bed of arugula mixed with honey, white balsamic, salt and pepper. Topped with candied pecans and a fig balsamic glaze!  More food content like this on my foodstagram @queerandcooking 😎
Matcha cream and red bean filled croissant
Arctic char salad. Gramercy Tavern.
Haven't been able to smell or taste for the last 6 days due to Covid. Today I'm going to see if I can feel my food.  David Berg Chili Cheese dogs with extra onion.
Hearty Chicken Linguine in a Blush Tomato Sauce
Chicken and Waffles w/ a Honey Sriracha Sauce and Chicken Gravy
at Sly’s down in Savannah GA.
Vanilla Cupcakes :&gt;
Halloumi, Broccoli &amp; Cashew Nut Curry
Pepperoni Stromboli
Fried rice with egg, onions, garlic and soy sauce
Lemon garlic slow cooked chicken. All thanks to Reddit
Confit Byaldi
Peruvian nougat.
birria de res tacos
Banana Oat Bars
Khi Đại Gia Nổi Điên : LÀM BÁNH GATO BẰNG VÀNG VÀ KIM CƯƠNG - Thánh Nấu ...
Donut Breakfast Sandwich
old fashioned no bake cookies
at work shucked this guy.
Pork Belly Bao Bun Burger
Grilled Italian chicken thighs with a spicy baby tomato sauce &amp; bucatini
Langoustines Surf and Turf with two types of potato.
Spicy turnips cooked in traditional Kashmiri style
Easy chicken strip tacos for lunch
3 Ingredient Mini VANILLA SUGAR COOKIE Recipe!
Cheesecake with strawberries and chocolate ganache
Steak and Spinach avocado salad with Mexican Rub fries.
chocolate and wine tasting
Chocolate birthday cake with chocolate cheese frosting!!
filet mignon
Shahi Eggs Benedict-ish W/ Mango slaw
Blueberry Swirl Cheesecake
Garlic Thai Curry Wings
Coq au Vin, Pomme puree, Baguette, Sauteed Bacon &amp; Kale
this pulled pork and mac &amp; cheese sandwich
Japanese Curry
Sunny breakfast ham and eggs with cheese on a whole wheat bun
Marbled cakes
pierogis with sour cream mushroom sauce and kapusta!
Rolled Tacos
Burnt Ends
mushroom, fontina and thyme pizza
A cake for my friend's wake
Assorted Sourdough Soft Pretzels.
"meatballs" with gravy and mashed potatoes
tuna jacket potatoes &amp; salad
egg and bbq pork wrap
My no1 Chicken Ramen
Deep Dish Style Pizza
ravioli with lobster, butter, lemon zest and basil with a lobster bisque sauce
Coffee bean cookies
Swordfish tacos with mango salsa, slaw, and cilantro-lime crema!
Blue rare flat iron with potatoooo wedges
I made 3 loaves of bread. Which is great except that now I’m eating 3 whole loaves of bread.
bacon double cheeseburger
Ultra traditional Carbonara
McD’s stopped serving McGriddles as apart of their all-day breakfast menu, so we improvised.
Made a savory garlic-herb dinner wreath along with some herb butter.
Construction site chocolate birthday cake
LECHON PAKSIW | HOW TO COOK
Make your valentines day more special with this Nutella Flower Bread
Maple Sriracha glazed Fried Chicken tenders and homemade Mayo.
Spiced chocolate pie
3 kings cake of Switzerland (dreiköningskuchen)
Cheesy chorizo spinach pasta bake
Also used vegan friendly cheese
I usually am not one to cook but I wanted to change that. So I challenged myself with a Beef Wellington recipe
spaghetti with clams as part of seven fishes
Sausage Rolls
Grilled Cheese on homemade bread
Steak &amp; Chicken Fajitas
Chili with smoked brisket leftovers
KFC style Pizza
Big and Little Cast Iron Sourdough Pizza
Flatbread Pizza
Made crab cake eggs Benedict with my fiancé and was super proud of how it turned out!!!!
T-bone/ King Crab, purple potatoes, butternut squash and garlic parm green beans.
Apple&amp;Walnut bundt cake with coconut sugar and maple icing
Boeuf Lyonnaise
Red Snapper with calliflower rice
Baked Beans with Bourbon, Brown Sugar, &amp; Wieners &amp; a Fried Egg
Mitt Romney blames Trump as his supporters storm the US Capitol - Salt Lake Tribune
Scottish Morning Rolls
National Guardsmen briefed on IED threat to Capitol - Politico
Medium Rare Sirloin Steak
White pizza/focaccia
Does anyone want a slice of pizza?
brisket, rib, and sausage sandwich
Sweet and sour shrimp, with jasmine rice.
Sweet
Valentine’s Day Brownies
Savory star bread with pesto and prosciutto
we made some roasted chicked , roasted tomatoes and onions , hummus , moutabal , tabouleh , fries , and some homemade pickles as well! Some might not like this , but this is exactly what a syrian group of friends or family needs after a day of swimming in the beach !
I am making homemade pickles.
Baked ziti using Bison Meat Sauce
Sakura Panna Cotta
Shrimp tempura, and spicy crab sushi.
low-sugar oatmeal raisin cookies
Home KAISEKI.
Red King Crab (タバラ蟹)
Paneer Tikka - on Tawa (Hack is Tikka without Tandoor)
Birria Quesadillas from leftover Birria
Sous vide hamburger finished off with a propane torch, cheese,dippy egg, avocado, grilled onion, and bacon! 🍳🥓🥑🍔🧅🧀
Sunny side up eggs, chorizo, cooked ham and a slice of bread
Chocolate Chip muffins
Nachos
Homemade Microwave Pizza.
a porterhouse steak!
Marzipan curd cheesecake with wild blueberry jam and marzipan decorations.
Italian food made with homegrown tomatoes
Southern Banana Pudding with Caramel Sauce
¡HOT TAMALES!
knedle- apricot dumpling!
Doughnuts. Maple Bacon, Coconut Pandan, Lemon Poppyseed, Brown Butter, Chocolate Cake,Raspberry and Churro flavors.
lobster ravioli with vodka sauce.
Cacio e pepe
Butter chicken, Cilantro Lime Rice, Honey soy Slaw, and Steamed Broccoli
This Jerk Chicken I just went in on.
Teryaki Chicken on Sticky Rice.
Fried chicken wings with beer battered onion rings
Pickled Fennel, Blood Orange, Mint &amp; Coriander Seeds
Beyond Meat serving free plant-based breakfast at these restaurants across the country
Angel hair pasta
Graham Shortcake
white chocolate cake layered with vanilla bean butter cream in a white chocolate egg.
Smoked spatchcock turkey
some BBQ with friends - missing those good ol' days
2x Double cheeseburgers for one
dimsum!
pizza night
Pasta with ham
butter-seared cod topped with a cherry tomato sauce over creamy garlic orzo
Takis sugar cookies
cauliflower and chickpea fritters with avocado, poached egg, cashew cream and pear, mint, pomegranate salad
Apple curry with rice.
Fish and Shrimp
3 Ingredient Peanut Butter Cookies Recipe!
Breakfast Pizza for Christmas.
cake pops
Had a go at Bagels today
Ham Bacon Egg &amp; Cheese sandwich on Parmesan roll
Cured Salmon Gravlax
Sausage, Ketchup and Vanilla Ice-Cream
Spicy Chicken Fried Rice
The most delicious smokehouse combo from Chilis
Pork rib roast crusted in herbs garlic and smoked paprika. The before.
Pork Roast
Dominican Chimi Burger
A Thanksgiving Turkey Cake!
"Don't Cry for Me Argentina" : Roast top sirloin with roasted onions, pickled red onions, scallions, fried shallots and 'Smoked French Dressing'
Bangers &amp; Veg Mash
Two hamburgers
Almond pancakes
Cookie-politan cookies (cookies &amp; cream, chocolate chip, and brownie)
Bánh mì xá xíu, Char siu style chicken thigh sandwich
Latest News LIVE Updates: Over 30 Crore Indians May Have COVID-19, Source Cites Government Study - NDTV
moth orchid buttercream frosting chocolate chiffon cake
Kimchi Fermenting
Cornish hen stuffed with wild rice and roasted carrots and potatoes.
Greens Pie with Baked Eggs
Hey guys, I just made cajun lemon cod
Braised Short Ribs / Green Onion / Lemon
Chicken Milanese
fried chicken
Wings
Steak and egg with hashed browns.
smash burgers entirely made by my 17 year old son. Buns, burger sauce, seasoned patties. He made the lot. Proud Dad tonight.
Soooo hungry. Korean BBQ 🍾
hot and tangy guava salad https://youtu.be/1-kve4q7a8g
Butter Cream Frosting decorated cakes
Smoked bone-in chuck roast
Apple banana bread 🤤
Hawaiian Chicken
egg n toast!
Slices off the end of my  Bacon
Chicken Taco Chili
Fish and chips with salt and vinegar
cereal bread with garlic and cheese recipe
I (13) made street tacos
Triple chocolate cheesecake cookie dough muffins
Cocoa and nutmeg macarons filled with peanut butter French Buttercream.
Peppered and Grilled Bone in Ribeye Steak
Year of the Ox Baozi
Hey guys i’m new to food is there any guidelines or rules I should follow to make food? (Never made it)
My food Instagram, hope you like :)
Bacon, egg, gruyere, avacado mash and lemon mayo arugula on a brioche bun
Almond pastry with caramelized nuts!
Matar Kulcha | Tangy Dry Peas Salad with fresh bread
Congee with toppings
SEE: Viral video of Bath and Body Works fight – “Wild” says Twitter users - HITC - Football, Gaming, Movies, TV, Music
Chili Cheese Burger With Shoestring Fries
Rice and spinach pancakes.
Pasta I ate most ""
meatloaf
Coconut Crusted Tofu -
Chicken tacos. 🥰😍
Oyakodon with miso soup, pickles, and salad.
Smoked Texas Style Brisket
Kettle Corn
Cheese and tomato lasagne
Caprese Salad with home grown tomatoes and basil.
Balsamic Glazed Chicken, Broccoli and Jerk Chicken
Click on this link if u want $500 bonus though PayPal right after you register and get $35 for watching 30seconds long videos its $35 each video you watch, YOU CAN EARN UP TO $800 A DAY, #WEARELIVINGIT !
Hot Chicken Strips
Beef Recipes
Dry-aged Bone-in Ribeye Steak
We had a small thanksgiving, partner and I. We had Peking roast duck from a supermarket butcher we love, some bok Choi with garlic, chilli and oyster sauce. Along with dim sums and a broccoli almond salad. And of course a sweet potato casserole.
It's Salad Platter
Stewed kale served with pinkel, kassler, kochwurst, salt potatoes and mustard.
Fajitas
York Peppermint Patties
lemon bar
点心 Dim Sum: 豉汁排骨 Steamed Spareribs，鲜竹卷 Shrimp Bean Curd Roll，豉汁蒸凤爪 Chicken Feet，虾饺 Shrimp Ball，and 烧卖 Meat Ball
Italian meatballs
Pommes Aligot, sous vide steak with ratatouille side.
chicken sandwiches
A huckleberry waffle cone
King Crab legs
Cubano sandwich on homemade bread
Spicy Italian Sub
Entrecôte, balsamic string beans, purpy purps
Omelet with spicy sautéed potatoes, avocado and cherry tomatoes
Chicken Satay sticks with acar and peanut sauce
Christmas cookies 🎄
Brussels Sprouts Pizza @ Fieldworks in Sacramento, CA
Drunken chicken and potatoes ( ft stout beer )
Mint aero chocolate cheesecake
Boeuf Bourguignon with Horseradish Mashed Potatoes
Italian wedding soup
Smoked salmon eggs Benedict with  English muffins and hollandaise sauce.
Spicy braised short ribs with homemade squash soup.
Jamaican sticky toffee pudding.
Sweet and Sour Chicken on top of Jasmine &amp; Brown Rice featuring a side of grapes and raspberries
2nd attempt. success.
lebanese grilled chicken and roasted cauliflower
Chocolate Banana Bread
peanut butter fudge
everything-but-the-kitchen-sink fried rice with egg, carrots, peas, bacon, potatoes, garlic, onion, and various sauces
Burnt Cheese Chicken Parm and Zoodles
Korean Seafood
Onion Oil :)
Garlic &amp; Rosemary Rib Roast.
Roast potatoes, sirloin steak, w/red wine pan sauce
Sushi-grade yellowfin tuna poké bowl
Bleeding Creme brûlée Halloween style
pancakes with blueberry compote and Greek yogurt
Korean fire noodles
Mango Cheesecake
.PUBG IN REAL LIFE | Receita De Sopa Energética Com Acessórios Militares-...
Felafel in Vietnamese spring rolls: with scallion, fish roe and hoisin sauce
Kreste in NYC. Easily one of the best pies I’ve had.
Pan-seared scallops with mushroom risotto
Grilled clams in tomato sauce
Quesadilla with fried jalapenos and onions
Lakers Hotlinks. Getting ready to eat the Heat!
Crab Cake Egg Roll
this amazing North-Indian platter in March 2020. Scrumptious and healthy.
Cajun Roast with Baby Yellow and side salad
Sweet &amp; Spicy Pork Loin.
Chicken thighs under a brick
Koshari &amp; Foul Mudammas
Ricotta Gnocchi with Pistachio Pesto
Crispy pork, chicken nuggets, egg and fried rice
Cheeseburger with brioche buns
Leberkäse
Spaghetti with scallops and grated Bottarga
Steak with Fries
Pork Belly Bahn Mi
Stuffed Mushroom
Salsa, Meat and Lime Rice Burrito
Caramel-filled Vanilla Bundt Cake w/ Cream Cheese Frosting
Katsu, fried shrimp, veggies, and rice with Sriracha🙂
Tajin Shakshuka
Carrot cake with lemon curd and double flavoured frosting
Chocolate cake for Valentine’s Day
Brigadeiro, Pistachio and PB Caramel macarons
dinner
fond of dreams...
Peanut Butter Brownie Cake
Charcuterie Slate
spiced beans and smokey peppers and onion omelette, with spinach and grated cheese.
Buttered Saltine Crackers’ Are The Hot New Snack Trend Everyone Is Talking About
Appetizer Platter - mini sliders, cheese sticks, fried ravioli, and potato skins
It’s not St. Patrick’s Day but I had a craving for  corned beef and cabbage
pizza by my mum. Pizza with spinach, corn, ham and onions l.
fried chicken cutlet sliders
Rustic Toast Skagen
Smoked pork bierock buns.
Crepes with whipped cream and drizzle of caramel
Seafood boil pizza
shishitos with lemon fava bean dip.
basil rice with pulled bbq chicken 😋
King crab legs, brussel sprout salad, and fries!
Sesame and Za’atar Crackers
Roasted turkey with three cheese mac, giblet gravy and dried cranberries on a toasted, buttered hoagie roll
Neapolitan Style Pepperoni
i made a chicago-style deep dish thingy pizza casserole
egg BLT
Pork ribs smoked with apple wood for 6 hours. Brown sugar rub and an apple cider marinade.
Baked Twisted Macaroni
Honey turkey on toasted baguette, with L/T, sharp cheddar, mayo/mustard.
indian food and it is delicious bursting with flavours chicken curry and rice srry for bad quality
Short Rib Cottage Pie
Baked Brie and Bacon Jam
Chickpea Stew
ASMR Comiedo - Eating Expensive Makeup Items - Kluna Tik Style/ Mukbang ...
1/2Lb Sous Vide Burger
Wonderful dessert without an oven ! Creamy and so tasty.
Lemon pepper potatoes and roasted pork belly
Dark chocolate white chocolate chip cookies
Semolina and quarke cake with crumble.
carnitas tacos cheese tacos with my favorite sauce.
How to make Crispy Falafel | Easy Homemade Falafel with Yogurt D...
Pizzabread with buratta
No Bake Oreo Cheesecake
Valentine’s Day cheesecakes.
roasted pumpkim
Double cheeseburger with all the fixings
Raspberry and blackberry cheesecake with oreo crust.
Ruffle Chips and Deans French Onion Dip
Assorted Nothing Bundt Cakes Bundtinis
Wild mushroom risotto topped with crispy shallots
Okinawa roll and rock &amp; roll
Bacon wrapped meatloaf, topped with brown gravy, mashed potatoes, and fried onions.
Key Lime Pie with Cashew Crust
cornbread muffins ; in the UK
prime beef tenderloin and 4 filet mignons coooed in a sousvide
Cookie Sheet Pepperoni and Olive Pizza
Grilled Venison with Mushroom Gravy, Parmesan Roasted Brussels Sprouts, Salad
Mushroom and caramelized onion flatbread, with goat cheese and sage.
Kinder chocolate and Snickers cookies!
Catpuccino
rump steak and mash. Rare steak always yum yum
https://ift.tt/3odptFm
Cheesy Green Chilli Shrimp &amp; Grits
Grouper Fish &amp; Chips
macarons came out salty..
Avocado Toast + Everything Bagel Seasoning!
beef tagine with cherry, date, and almond + moroccan spice tomato fried rice
It’s just two of us this year, so I’m brining a chicken for tomorrow. Have a safe holiday, everyone!
Smoked burger
prime rib and fixins
Pulled pork, cilantro and lime rice, cauliflower cheese and braised red cabbage
Took me 4.5 days, but I finally made my dream gingerbread house!!!
Pancetta and white bean pot pies
Balsamic Heirloom Tomato &amp; "Ricotta" Galette - Vegan &amp; Gluten-free
Chicken katsu with rice and curry.
bacon double cheese smash burger.
Spinach pappardelle with gorgonzola sauce and Brazilian nuts
Meatball sub with mozzarella and candied Jalapeños
Brisket.
Pot Roast, Roast Butternut Squash Soup, and a Simple Charcuterie Board
THE BEST WAFFLE &amp; CAKE HERE!
Prime NY Strip
Poutine and a BLT
jumbo prawn noodle soup inspired by Singapore’s Beach Road Prawn Noodle House
Pumpkin Spice Chocolate Chunk Cookies
Roasted Cauliflower, Broccoli,Avocado and Spinach Bowl with Hemp Hearts, Pumpkin Seeds and Sesame Seeds topped with Tahini Dressing and Hotsauce.
Eggs benedict
Crockpot Chili
Octopus hotdog
LaRosa Pizza
chicken, sausage and rice skillet
steak with roasted red potatoes and asparagus 🤤
made friends birthday cake in 2015
Made a charcuterie board!
the child
Eggplant rolls filled with feta, seeds and parsley in tomatosauce with a little heart in the middle
Pistachio cheesecake 😋
Mongolian egg fried brown rice and quinoa
СРЕДИ НАС: приготовление особого салата из СИРЕНОГОЛОВЫЙ - Crazy Cooking...
Fresh, homemade pasta in a home made nona tomatoe sauce (canned in the summer) that includes scavenged puffball mushrooms. Oh, and pasta clams! A lot of work but worth it.
Brined olives
wild chili pepper
some avacado on puffed rice cakes
Truck stop tenders and wedges.
Poblano Mac n Cheese with chicken. Sneaking veggies in for my son.
chocolate cake
Pizza with kebab, blue cheese, red onion, garlic sauce and rucola
vanilla buttercream cake
Steak for my homie
Chicken with mushrooms, cream and Emmentaler cheese.
Whole Wheat Pancakes
Rice &amp; Meat stuffed zucchinis, pattypan and peppers. Pic is raw/cooked
Tom Yum Tilapia
shen Jian Bao/pan fried buns
Southern fried chicken. Buttermilk biscuits. Tillamook mac and cheese.
five cheese Mac n Cheese casserole
Pho with Brisket
SIMPLE, , BACON WRAPPED GREEN BEANS
Duck Breast
Lasagna
Poached Egg, Caramelized Fennel, Blistered Tomatoes, Crispy Pancetta, Sourdough Toast Round with Béarnaise Sauce
Apple Tart
Pepper Chicken Recipe
chocolate hazelnut cake
Takeout Sushi
Maggie Asam Laksa : Tumis Style
Walnut Chocolate Chip Cookies
Beef poblano enchiladas with Pico de Gallo and lime crema
Finally dipped before 70° in LA so I made chili... best it’s ever turned out !
Sebi eases IPO norms, paves way for LIC's mega public issue - Mint
Grandmas jam filled Croissants
Cast Iron Mac and Cheese
Yak meatballs
Floor picnic ready to cook
One-Pot Cheesy Chicken Broccoli Pasta
Grilled pork ribs, Double Cheeseburger, and Baked Beans
Stuffed peppers and grape leaves. Not quite as good as yia yias, but I think she would be proud.
What do you guys think? I’ve been trying to learn how to cook during quarantine :)
Wagyu ribeye with dauphinoise potatoes and glazed carrots
Maple Wood Smoked Duck
modified butter chicken
Turkey sandwich on a fresh homemade poppyseed bagel. Made it to surprise my lady for a TGIF after work. Enjoy the weekend.
some selfemade Sushi!
End of the year pasta trio. Pesto gnocci, sausage rigatoni, and carbonara
Crepes and Coffee
pancakes for breakfast with the sides.
Smash Burger that I delivered to someone for lunch yesterday
Is this disgusting and tasteless?  green beans in the bath
Takeout-style cashew chicken on green tea noodles
Instant noodles
Comforting Pork Stew
Chicken salad melt with cheddar cheese, lettuce and tomato on potato bread.
Mint Chocolate Cake with Chocolate Ganache
Policeman buys family food instead of arresting them for shoplifting - BBC News
spaghetti and chicken parmigiana (I prepared the tomato sauce myself, I'm proud!)
cold day. Grilled cooper cheese on rye, tomato bisque and caprese salad.
Strawberry Cheesecake Tart
Watch: Johnny Lever and His Kids Shake a Leg in Viral Video - The Quint
Dauphinoise potatoes with bacon
French toast, farm eggs, smoked slab bacon, baby kiwis, papaya, strawberries, wild blueberries. Oh yeah, can't forget that genuine Canadian maple syrup!
Beef Wellington, attempt 1
So, I’m not on a “diet” just chose to eat healthy 90% for meals. (Bonus that I’m losing weight) But I thought my salad that was especially appealing this evening and wanted to share
Spaghetti al Pomodoro
Sextuple cheeseburger 🍔
Lemon cake with Italian meringue buttercream, topped with chocolate piped flowers
Mini Meyer Lemon Blood Orange Merengue Pies
thanksgiving food
Kofta Korma w/Basmati rice &amp; naan.
New years eve dinner
Egg Sandwich
mac n cheese
Nor'easter Beef and Bean Chili
buffalo chicken pizza
Earl Grey soufflé
Barbecued prawns in Ras el Hanout
Fried Rice, Grilled Chicken, Salad
Carnitas and Mango Salsa served over Arepas and Mexican Rice
Oatmeal Choco Chunk Cookies
Breakfast Combo (Hotdog,Deep fried Milkfish, Tomato &amp; Fried Rice)
Nấu Ăn làm món BÒ BÍT TẾT MINECRAFT - ASMR Stop Motion Funny Cooki...
paella.
Pok Pok Wings and Phat Thai
Pizza, pepperoni, meat, bell peppers, tomato sauce and cheese.
crown loaf with a blend of AP, semolina, and oat flour flavored with fresh dill, garlic, and Romano cheese.
Bacon &amp; onion Cob dip!
Trifold wrapini à la Tiktok (Aloo chomp, mixed cheddars, fried egg + avocado, greek salad with walnuts &amp; pomegranate dressing)
hosmisur
Love my filet pink
Veal Macon, Eggs, Feta, and Grape Tomatoes
Swedish(ish) meatballs. Note to purists in comments.
Late-Night Spinach Puffs
OTG baked whole wheat bread with Punjabi Rajma/ Kidney beans gravy
Taco Bell cheesy bean and rice burrito
Kraft Dinner, but make it fancy
Palermitan pastries
Sea Bass With Deconstructed Ratatouille Garnish
The best looking chip. Simple. Happy New Years!
israeli shakshuka with toasted lavash
Biang Biang noodles with chili garlic sauce
fillet steak, rare, with pepper sauce, potato gratin &amp; grilled asparagus, broccoli &amp; parsnips
Angel food cake with whipped cream.
Deviled Eggs
cheese fondue . Traditional French dish where you melt your cheese in a small pan .
a 17# Brisket
Sausage Salad? Meat Lovers Rejoice!
Strawberry-Glazed Air Fryer Donuts
spanish paella
burger stuffed with sautéed spinach, mushroom and paneer makhani
Raffaello Banoffee
Nashville Hot Fried Chicken.
Bún riêu - a Vietnamese crab, pork, and tomato noodle soup
Christmas Apple Bread
Cozinhando ASMR - Eating Grilled PUMPKIN for Halloween night - Kluna Tik...
Tasty Burger with cheese, oven potatoes and zaziki.
Authentic Mexican tacos
Roasted Chicken Takeout
Filet with Maine Lobster tail and a side of sautéed mushrooms
Seared tuna poke bowl
cheesy bread (Pizza)
Loukoumades with honey, roasted sesame and cinnamon
Coconut Tres Leches
Chicken &amp; Mushroom Pasta
cream cheese and blueberry pomegranate jam sammiches.
chicken with vegetable
The Money Burger (peanut butter, jelly, and banana burger)
Japanese Braised Pork Belly (Kakuni)
Teriyaki Stir-Fry with Steak Tips and Udon Noodles
What are Spices? Spices are the soul and essence of a dish. Each of them brings a unique and different taste to the table. Some Spices provide hotness, some sweetness, some saltiness, tartness, bitterness, and even Umami to the palette.
Butter chicken and naan bread.
Short rib braised rogan josh curry
Mac N’ Cheese 🧀
Steamed bok choy , cauliflower, potato chicken soup and a bowl of rice at a Chinese canteen.
Cream Coffee
Weekend Indian lunch.....Peas rice (peas pulao) with tandoori chicken, butter chicken masala, dal tadka, onion raita(onion curd) and egg!
Cucumber Nachos
Beer Stew 🍲
Tomato risotto with mozzarella di bufala and pesto
chocolate, pretzel, and Carmel bark
Raspberry tart!
wild black raspberry cheesecake
Italian Hot Chocolate
Dutch Baby with Bittersweet Chocolate Sauce
a North Carolina-style bbq plate (tater tots are a small embellishment!)
First time making Beef Wellington. Turned out pretty well.
Chicken enchiladas
Rack of Lamb in Pinot Noir and Raspberry Sauce
An Indian inspired deconstructed tiramisu. It has all the components of the classic, except I used cardamom, black tea, and evaporated milk as themes, along with fresh spices (I’m Italian and grew up in the Middle East).
Toasted Ravioli
Parma Ham and Mozzarella Pizza. Table top pizza oven.
Eggless Mug Cookie With Peanut Butter
Emu fillet with fondant potatoes, parsley and spinach purée, pickled apple and cauliflower, radish dipped in a ice bath and a couple lines of a gochujang sauce I’d previously made.
salad ( mozzarella, tomatoes , carrots , azuki beans lentils and carrot )with a franc vinaigrette.
Breakfast Burrito and homefries
Levain Bakery-style Chocolate Chip Walnut Cookies
Jimboy’s Style Tacos With Chips and Guac
Pickle Pizza
Spongy Chocolate Cake
Cobb Salad with Crispy Chicken
Tuna sushi
Black Sesame &amp; Raspberry Crumb Cake
not very traditional lasagna
Vanilla&amp;Chocolate Panna Cotta with berry reduction
Breakfast Cheeseburger and Rhubarb French Fries
sourdough bread
Baked Dijon Honey Salmon
Ahi Tuna and roasted Cauliflower
Linguine vongole e scampi (Linguine pasta with clams and scampi-shrimp)
Yummy Turkish delight sweet
Coffee infused Ice cream With Kitkat
Today’s my cake day, maybe try my cooking show?
Oxtail &amp; Beef Ball Pho Noodle Soup with Poached Egg
Sourdough pancakes with some mixed fruit
biscoff and ferraro cheesecake easter eggs
"" pizza pockets.
Lasagna with fresh pasta sheets
Walnut Brownies
Popcorn
Loaded Chipotle bowls
Tikka Masala Gnocchi
boba soufflé
Pickled red onions
A charcuterie board with great colors and flavors.
Raspberry chocolate cake.
Fried pizza dough stuffed with cheese
steak and eggs.
Pork chop with crispy cabbage steaks
Snowed-In Winter Chili

Crab soup Vietnamese style
Seafood Boil, Seared Scallops, Garlic Old Bay Butter
Rising bond yields, Covid-19 cases spoil D-St party
Banana Split
Burger with fresh cut fries fried French style.
Pomegranate Jello dessert
Korean Kimchi Pork Stew and Japchae(glass noodle)
Japanese Christmas cake
Tofu Musubi
Chocolate mousse with egg nog
BLT (Bacon lettuce Tomato) Crepe
Gingerbread men
egg rolls
Guitar birthday cake
Pastelillos de Carne
McCarthy Salad from the polo lounge at the Beverly Hills Hotel - Clone
eclairs
Blueberrt tart
Caramel Crunch Cookies! Featuring crushed up pretzels, chopped up chewy caramels, peanut butter chips, and salted caramel chips
BLT with homemade bacon, avocado, and hot peppers on a fresh baked pure sourdough roll.
Pasta al Limone
Steak 🥩 Sandwich w/ guangchang sauce on focaccia.
Kakhetian salad
meatballs with princessbeans and potato wedges
Mirror glaze Heart cake for Valentine's Day
Creamy, cheesy miso carbonara udon
Nothing special, just my  daily lunch since quarantine started
Western Grub Abroad
Roasted pumpkin brown sugar babka with buckwheat honey glaze.
Tomato tatare with burrata
Flourless chocolate fudge cake and French vanilla ice cream
Birria tacos and mulitas de asada.
Cauliflower crust pizza
Maggi noodles with mixed vegetables.
Let to guess what?
My Full English
Cheeseburger Bombs
Kimchi tofu stew with sticky rice
salad with ? Cucumber 🥒
Samhain Stew
Strawberry Cake
Valrhona Chocolate Walnut Brownie!
Marjolaine bonbons.
Brown Sugar Buttercream Macarons
Cold soba noodles, with gomaeish style dipping sauce, edamame beans, soup dumplings, and baked purple sweet potato, with tangerine.
Spicy Italian Sausage &amp; Rice
Non vegetarian boi loves my hot spicy curry and freshly baked naan (red lentil curry ‘masoor dal’ and 1.5 hr naan recipe)
Apple pear cake
shrimp egg friend rice
Biscuits w/ Sausage Gravy
Hot Chicken
Scones for our 5 o’clock tea
Lemon Garlic Linguine with shrimp
Banana Chocolate Cake with Ganache Dripping and Sweets
Simple but delicious french toast sandwich with cheese in the middle
Congee atoppings
Brazilian Cheese Bread
Oreo and white chocolate chips brownies
Ham and Cheese Croissant
Simple burgers &amp; hot chocolate
Spider web cake
chicken parm in the air fryer!
Honey Barbecue Beef Brisket
Guard Works to Ensure Troops Defending Capitol Have Safe, Nutritious Food - Department of Defense
Shrimp Tikka Masala and Garlic Naan
schnitzel with creamy dill sauce
Lobster Tails for Christmas lunch
garlic fried sea bass on lobster bisque risotto.
Honey Cake
Sausage, fennel, and bell pepper baked penne
cinnamon rolls 🥰
Pork meatballs with salad and greek yoghurt
Leek Soup
Chicken with caramelized onion and cardamom rice - Jerusalem
Chimichurri Sauce
Cherry tomato confit on vegan bread and some G&amp;T
Sichuan Noodles🍜🌶
Fish Tacos with Pico de Gallo
Beef ragout with spicy mustard perogi and fuji apple sauce.
Viral Video: Cute Monkey Helps Woman in Cutting Vegetables, Netizens Are Amused | Watch - India.com
Steak, Goat Cheese, and Beet Salad
French Toast Omelette Sandwich | Egg Sandwich Hack | Egg Toast Recipe
Pumpkin Mousse Cheesecake (no cracks!)
Pan Fried Whole Chicken
Italian guy wants DORITOS in Italy (Pls i need those)
Best Easy to Digest Burrito
Tofu Curry over steamed white rice
Shepard's Pie.
Bean and chorizo tostada with guac!
Kluna Tik ăn RỒNG CHÚA trong game Adopt Me Roblox Christmas New Update 2...
McDonald's China Spam and Oreo Burger Recipe
my aunt is a cake-magicien
tuna sashimi with grapefruit ponzu, cabbage slaw with lime vinaigrette, marinated asparagus, and pomaganate seeds
Egg yolk fried rice
Bialys with Caramelized Onion &amp; Maple Confit. Thank you, Hubs!
Beef steak with roasted almond potatoes, vegetables and melted cheese
Pad Kra Pao
Sundried tomato and artichoke heart pasta
Lamb Stew
Savory Stuffing Waffles with Thanksgiving Leftovers

chicken tender feast
Molcajete salsa
Buttermilk Biscuits .A country boy living in a big city
Artichoke and Fennel caponata with fried polenta sticks, sauteed cavolo nero and roasted pine nuts
brisket sandwich with chipotle Jack Daniels sauce, crispy fried onions and buttermilk dill aioli.
About to throw this in the oven, now we wait for 2 hours and 30 minutes 🤤
Khachapuri, shkmeruli, creamy cucumber salad, and lemon dill purple potatoes
Thit Nuong (grilled pork meat) - one ingredient to Vietnamese Bun Cha
Barbs fly at Ted Cruz for heading to Cancun as millions in Texas freeze without power - The Dallas Morning News
3-Egg Omelette in Chia &amp; Quinoa Tortilla
ratatouille!
Novice bread maker, working on my white bread.
Fish Tacos 🌮
Barbecue Bacon Cheese Burger
Bagel variety pack
Left over honey baked ham and cheese sliders!
'Why are we still doing vaccine mock drills?' Omar Abdullah raises question - Hindustan Times
Samoas
Japanese feast featuring shrimp and vegetable tempura, teriyaki chicken and pork, inari sushi, and tempura shrimp rolls.
Injected x Rubbed Pork Butt. Pulled this apart and hit it with some Peach 🍑 Bourbon Sauce and Apple Coleslaw.
Malaysian Fried Chicken
Cinnamon Rolls
Hopefully Reddit like tamales. 🫔
Beef bulgogi
Today i made a Wagyu A5, Cheeseburger in a homemade brioche bun... today was a good day
Easy no yeast focaccia (recipe in comments)
Ribeye and Vegetables.
Souffle Cheesecake!
Dim sum, apps and stewed eggplant with rice
Lobster enchilado with seafood risotto and vegetables
Tonkotsu Ramen + Lucky Buddha!
Beef fried noodles
Sea Scallops and Wagyu Surf n Turf w/ Manhattan sauce
Creamy Cajun Shrimp and Sausage
Brioche with flaky salt
lentils and fried wheat bread
Chips...or crisps...or patatine...whatever you like to call them
Deep dish Pizza
Chips from Singapore
Okonomiyaki! Japanese pancake stuffed with shrimp and pork belly
chiles rellenos (Mexican stuffed bell pepper) with rice &amp; beans
My a bit more AMERIKAN fryup!
Yorkshire Puddings made with bacon fat instead of pan drippings as I have no roast! Added powdered sugar to turn into dessert.
Not just banana bread...but Tartine Bakery’s *banana and date tea cake!*
my attempt at Roasted Tri-Tip on my grill - seasoned overnight with black pepper, salt, chopped garlic and fresh rosemary from my out garden.
Fried things
Scotch eggs
Maple S’mores Cake
"" Sweet Chilli Liver, Plain Boiled Rice With Steamed Kale ...Nice &amp; Easy S...
Puff pastry donuts
Halloween cookies!
Pasta Set
5 Minutes Breakfast Part #1 | Oats Omelette
a plant based diet and it improved my sexual health
Baked oatmeal with apples
Chicken satay
Japanese chicken curry rice with hard boiled egg and fukujinzuke (pickled veg)
Lamb a roni
Simple tasty chicken for you 🥰 ""
Cassoulet au confit de canard
Un Brownie con un toque de Nutella...
Brown Butter CCC
Japanese milk bread buns
GF Chocolate Cake w/ Chocolate Stout Buttercream
Muenster Lipton Wrapped Pork Loin!
Spanish dry rice with octopus
Pandan chicken and waffle sandwich with pickled fresnos and pesto aioli
Korean Braised Short Ribs
Mmmm...lemon pepper Salmon.
Lasagna verde in San Marino. So light and flavorful!
Chicken Tinga taco with green salsa
Cast Iron filet topped with blue cheese crust and mushroom risotto. Served with 2016 Magnien Grand Cru Clos De La Roche.
Raspberry and vanilla bean tart.
Đuveč
Spicy, chicken &amp; brie pot pie with crispy, diced cajun potatoes
, Desi Breakfast
Milk buns
Turkey noodle soup
Veal Schnitzel Sandwich w'mozza and peppers
Stir Fry Chicken and Vegetables
double baked potato and garlic shrimp
Jambalaya for the debate tonight
Grass fed ribeye, garlic broccoli, sautéed shrimp, and diced red potatoes with shredded Colby jack cheese
Pierogi for Christmas Eve!
Barramundi, broccolli romesco, ginger slaw and togarashi

cheesy scalloped potatoes
turtle cheesecake
fried enoki mushrooms wrapped in seaweed
quatros quesos dos fritos
Bahn Mi
Lemon Lime Cheesecake
Fried Cheese Roll - stuffed with goat cheese and grilled onions robbed the Salmon of the spotlight
Key lime pie for my partner's birthday.
Grilled fish with mushrooms.
Honey drizzled fried chicken with mashed sweet potatoes, green beans, and home made rolls.
Sugar cookies- The Greatest Showman themed!
King Ribs / Pork Belly 🤤
Ensalada de lentejas 100% Deliciosas
French Bread Pizza
Spicy pork tacos, with pickled onions and chipotle lime crema
White chocolate chip cookies
Sole nabemono.
pan seared porkchop with roasted glazed vegetables
Cheeseburger Soup
N.Y. strip
Kimchi Ramen with Dumplings, egg, and chicken
black forest cake for Christmas dinner. Thats whipped cream icing.
fresh egg pasta mushroom and sausage lasagna with a white sauce
Mac nut crusted swordfish, spicy mango salsa
homemade cheese grits with chicken stock and heavy cream.
- Beef Manti
personal sausage, mushroom and basil pizza
Poke Ceviche
That Vegan Teacher is GONE
Is this raw????
Roast pork filled with plums, homemade pasta and romanesco
McDonald’s new crispy chicken sandwiches and they’re tasty. From top to bottom: Deluxe, Spicy, Original, Deluxe.
Sous-vide then smoked turkey breasts.
Spaghettoni alla carbonara
Lemon Ricotta Pancakes!
Pastrami and Gruyere on Rye with chips and pickle all  7 days
deep dish sausage mushroom pizza
Relaxing Slime Compilation ASMR | Oddly Satisfying Slime ASMR Videos #41
Chuck patty, American cheese, shredduce, half sour pickles, pickled onions, burger sauce, brioche bun.
pão de queijo, Brazilian cheesy tapioca bread
Mushroom Masala Curry Telugu పుట్టగొడుగులతో మసాలా కర్రీ చేసుకుంటే అన్నం, రోటి, చపాతీ లోకి బావుంటుంది
tonkotsu ramen
tuna melts
Japanese Soufflé Pancakes
Pan fried Boursin garlic herb cheese with fresh fruit, crostinis, arugula, and a raspberry sauce
I've made some Beef bulgogi pasta for my svärföräldrar (parents-in-laws). They are swedish, but surprisingly they liked it. 😊
Vegetable-ravioli-mix
Shrimp tacos with jalapeno-lime slaw, avocado, and sriracha ranch
13% protein dough. Roasted cherry tomatoes sauce, spanish chorizo, havarti n parmegiano. 4 mins on pizza steel.
roasted brussels sprouts
rye n seed sourdough Boule
Double cheeseburger
Shrimp baked spaghetti
Sushi platter.
Only one person wanted seconds, Yay for leftovers!
Sous vide strip steak
Kissed my best friend to see what would happen
yum yum doughnuts
I’m not a regular salad, I’m a cool salad
Everything Bagel Chicken
Hi there..! Today I brought you the most special dish of Sri Lanka. It’s nothing else but the all favorite of mine, Kiribath. Milk rice (kiribath) is made using milk and rice– kiri for milk and bath for rice.
Plain Pizza
Roasted quail with toooobers
Blade roast about to enter the oven.
Empanadas
Red rice with eggs and vegetables
Yummy baked salmon 🍅🍋🐟😋
Banh Mi with sticky, caramel pork belly
Did You Like Barbecue Pulled Chicken ?
Pastrami on rye
Jajangmyeon, korean black bean noodles
Flank steak (sous vide/cast iron reverse sear) tacos, corn &amp; roasted pepper salsa, with homemade guacamole. I was too excited to eat it before I took a pic. Yummy!
Viral Trump Video Getting NFT Treatment, Courtesy of The Recount - Decrypt
Polenta with Pecorino Romano and Roasted Beets
Soutzoukakia and Lemon Potatoes
Asian chicken wings
pancakes with strawberries and blueberries.
Smoked baby back ribs and turkey
Zucchini pizza
Can eating potatoes and nothing but potatoes really lead to weight loss? What are the potato diet results you can expect? After all, potatoes are very starchy and typically avoided by dieters.
German market @ home! Pretzels, spatzle, schnitzel and potato pancakes.
High Tea spread. Quiche lorraine, smoked salmon and cucumber sandwiches, truffled goat cheese and artichoke tartine, lemon tarts, cream of shortbread cookies and white chocolate raspberry scones
general tso’s
Pork Tenderloin
Smoked Brisket
steak, au gratin pots, and butter boiled carrots
Steak and eggs and potatoes and toast yum!
chicken fried steak and sausage gravy with Parmesan garlic biscuit
Venison roast with redwine sauce, cheese potatoes and pickles
Cast Iron Italian Stuffed Peppers
Amazing Paneer Chapati Wrap recipe | Wrap Hacks | Veg Wrap | Leftover Roti Makeover recipe
Whats the spanish name of this dish?
Vegetable broth, no stirring utensil needed.
spaghetti alla carbonara
I made some bomb cinnamon rolls, these are fresh from the oven
Homemade - Parmesan and panko crusted salmon on bed of lemon garlic asparagus topped with lemon garlic butter
Penne, with spicy cacciatore and leftover meat from a prime rib.
Turkey burger breakfast sandwich with fried egg, pepper jack cheese, and ghost pepper hot sauce on toasted wheat
Gamjajeon - Korean Potato Pancake
Mussels in paprika white wine sauce
Pan seared lamb steak with black garlic truffle butter and roaster autumn vegetables
Pepperoni and Pepper Jack Pretezl
Chicken Bacon Potato Soup
Kouign-amann
Curry goat; paired with a bed of basmati.
Churro Cheesecake
olive bread.
Banana pancakes with strawberries and maple syrup, strawberry ice cream and chocolate sauce.
Chicken Bowtie Pasta in a Spicy Cream Sauce
Pot roasted pheasant
Bao (Banh Mi Style)
Veal, Chard with Bacon &amp; Onion, Gnocchi, all finished with pan sauce of Butter, Wine, Lemon, Kalamata Olives, and Tomatoes
Steak and veggies
Chicken Schnitzel with Herb Lemon Dijon Sauce
BLT
Apple Crumble (made with oat flour and Portuguese-grown red apples)
EU vaccine export row: Bloc backtracks on controls for NI - BBC News
Pasta with Squid and Octopus
Chicken Jambalaya
Polish food in Denver!
Mac &amp; cheese
Whole chicken breast butterflied then deep friend
french fries in pakistan. Tried out these two that I saw in a youtube video. They're in pindi. Would recommend them to you if you visit the country... :)
Best Healthy Food to Eat
Taco/nacho gratin with nachos, crême fraiche, minced quorn+taco spice, salsa - all totally covered in cheese.
Crispy chicken and bacon breakfast burger
Mixed grill plate w/ kofta kebabs and chicken
lasagna
Waffles, whipped cream, blueberries, &amp; maple syrup.
Bacon, Egg and Cheese on French Toast
Beef pho
Korean Army Base Stew
Gambas al Ajillo
brussel sprouts and sausage on top of grits
I also made some actual donuts 😂
Simple buns
Rabbit in white wine and garlic sauce
Pumpkin cheesecake with cinnamon cream - instant pot
Pork Gyros
Carbonara With Spaghetti Rigati
Pasta in Cheese Sauce...Really quick
Quail, sweet potatoes, spinach, beurre rouge, pickled quail eggs.
Cod wrapped in jamon, oven dried tomatoes, baby potatoes, burned hispi, parsley, scallion and lemon
Fruity Pebble French Toast stuffed with mascarpone
Chicken sandwich &amp; mac and cheese
tacos de lengua, salsa mixta, habanero pickled onions.
Compost cookies
this Is my Homemade pizza
You can do it hooman!
"",Mysore Bonda in telugu|Mysore bajji in telugu| Mysore bonda recipe in te...
Whole Wheat Double Chocolate chip cinnamon Cookies
Habanero Venison Chili with Carolina Reaper Cheddar
Chuck Burnt Ends
Thanksgiving leftovers on butter toasted country white. Howdy Pilgrim.
Mini Pumpkin Pie made from dough scraps and leftover filling
Matador Burger in Central Stockholm.
lunchtime tuna and shrimp salad plate
poached eggs on english muffins
Christmas Eve Ramen with Pork Belly and Tea Eggs
Beef Stroganoff with Homemade Pappardelli
leftover roast lamb curry
Lemon and garlic chicken, with a side of roasted carrots with turmeric and cumin
breakfast banana oat pancake
Yummy Food Eating Show - Eating Sound Videos - Tik Tok Eating Challenge Chines
Pumpkin Spice Churros
Chile en Nogada 🇲🇽
lamb kebab, pickled red onions, flatbread
Made this a few weeks ago and  the whole thing
Quarantine baking (does anyone miss eating outside?)
Taiwanese Braised Pork Rice aka Lu Rou Fan
Sushi, served with Sake
Chocolate Peanut Butter Cake
Not authentic Ceviche
Sheet pan Chicken Fajitas
Fried chicken with rice and gravy
Gingerbread , pumpkin shaped, foxes!
grilled tomahawk steaks .
biriyani
BBQ Chicken Boazi &amp; Chicken Egg Rolls
Duck Nachos with queso dip, salsa, and guacamole.
Filipino Arroz a la Cubana
Gourmet Burger takeout
German meatball hoagies w/ onion dipping broth
Made it through the 3 months of holidays working in kitchen/grocery store.
Dutch Baby &amp; Irish Bangers
Prосеѕѕ оf Food Digestion - An Interesting Story This is hоw food gеtѕ соnvеrtеd іntо nutrіеntѕ Whеn Fооd is ѕоlіd and wе chew іt. And wе will swallow іt іf іt іѕ lіԛuіd. Thеn іt gоеѕ down to our thrоаtѕ.
Decided to make banana waffles. Then decided to make candied pecans to go on top. Then decided to make caramel out of the the remaining sugar.
Freshly sliced Wagyu A5
scrambled eggs with peaches &amp; yogurt.
Frosted Sugar Cookies
Grassfed beef burgers
PORK ADOBO
https://ift.tt/2M4xdN1
Polish Sausage with peppers and onions and fries
House Smoked Duck Leg Confit with Black Pepper and Parmesan Chips
Besan ke Laddu  is a tasty sweet dessert made with gram flour, sugar and sugar. It is one of those desserts that can be prepared quickly and easily.
Meet the TikTok stars using viral videos to save the planet - Euronews
Slow Cooker Coconut Ginger Vegetable Curry
Five-alarm Space Chili
Chicken jus with mash
Valentine's Dinner: reverse seared tomahawk steak, broiled lobster tail, scalloped potatoes, and bacon wrapped asparagus.
Seared cod with miso butter carrots and tomatoes with leeks
Apple Krapfen (Doughnuts)
DIY Bake Even Strips | Baking Basics || Baking 101 {episode 3}
Vegetable 25 spice Biryani with fried paneer and papad
chocolate Celebrations brownies
Hot Cheeto Tamal
Chewy chocolate chip cookies with walnuts
https://cutt.ly/BjHz40w
Toasted Happiness 🌿
candied orange zest
The Tribute Burger.
Smoked clam chowder with bacon
pork ball bahn mi, spicy pickles, sesame aioli
January pork belly burnt ends
Arancini as per user request
tik tok toasted chicken wrap hack
crispy chilli chicken + egg fried rice
Kimchi Pancake
Chicken Adobo
vegan mushroom pasta
Cod over quinoa and veggies
Fresh focaccia
Venison stew.
Vegetarian "beef wellington"
Mac &amp; Cheese Bacon Cheeseburger with a side of Jalapeños
Almejas en salsa verde
Kale Salad with Green Apples, Roast Corn, Cherry Tomatoes, Avocado Oil, &amp; Apple Cider Vinegar
Rojak
Ramen with Pork Tenderloin
Fish shaped dumplings.
LOADED Baked Potato Soup
Spinach and ravioli bake.
Sunny Side Eggs, Ham, Fresh Fruits w/ Mochaccino
Pig's head for pozole.
double Bacon Cheeseburger
.🥂️CHÚC MỪNG 2021🥂️ Kluna Tik Ăn PHÁO HOA Mừng Năm Mới
macarons
Chocolate Covered Strawberries ft. Pistachio, Candied Peanut, White Chocolate
Chicken ramen
Baked potatoes with cheese, zucchini, tomatoes, garlic and seasoned salmon
Pasta, cheese and chocolate
Seared Ahi Tuna with Spicy Aioli
Fried some shrimp chips at home, I love how they look before you fry them.
Hamburgers i made with store bought brioche buns
Taste NY butter (local af)
Grilled chicken &amp; pesto linguine with sun dried tomatoes &amp; cheesy garlic bread
I made stuffed peppers.
Thanksgiving Poutine (Fries, Turkey, Dressing, Cheese Curds, Gravy and Cranberries)
Pastry Cream Filled Bomboloni
Cheese and avocado qasedilla, spicy salsa, eggs
Salted caramel donuts.
Taco Spread
Chocolate coffee flavored cake, Bailey’s Irish Cream buttercream and chocolate buttercream. Semi-sweet chocolate ganache drizzle. Layer is filled with buttercream and fresh chopped strawberries.
Torched Marshmallow Frosted Kiwi Bingsoo
Chicken tacos with pico de gallo
How are you feeling this fried chicken sandwich?
Steamed rice, grilled otak otak, rendang lamb, lichee, Japanese black mushrooms with Chinese Teo Chiew cabbage, Japanese big strawberries
Grilled chicken, pork, and shrimp w/ fried rice and veg.
Taiwanese Popcorn Chicken
Fluffy Butterfly Pancakes
Vietnamese sweet potato and shrimp fritters
3 Ingredient Nutella Mug Cake
A great Acquaintance of mine (@_ssbakes_ on IG)has upped her game in baking in past few months. I always Like to see her make beautiful cakes ! power to her for always being health conscious and using only the best organic ingredients!
Venezuelan hallacas and pan de jamón  with love for Christmas
Tonkotsu Shoyu Ramen
My  charcuterie board!
Uber passenger in viral video is arrested, another plans to turn self in: reports - Fox News
BBQ pulled pork
“  ” Accidentally made a little heart with one of my eggs this morning.
Khatai Biscuits in 100 Years Old Oven
$5 for your opinion! At what age did you get your cell phone? Help us with our study! ( PayPal / Amazon Gift Card )
home made Mexican meatball soup (Albondigas)
Bread with a passion
a full view of  citrus upside down cake brûlée
Peri peri chicken burger.
cinnamon swirl tear and share inspired mess that's still too warm to ice.
How to make the famous galette des rois (Kings Cake) and even learn a little french in the process!!!
stuffed pasta
Cacio e pepe with shaved cured egg yolk.
Cake
Tilapia with rice, carrot, eggs and zucchini
chicken karahi , I ate and recommend you
Basil Pesto
Izmir melt sandwich, Antalya, Turkey
Short Rib Ramen
Artichoke Bread
Tapas - Albondigas, Patatas Bravas, Anchovies With Tomato &amp; Pickled Red Onion, Red Wine Glazed Chorizo, Comte Cheese with Honey &amp; Almonds and Garlic &amp; Chilli Shrimp -
Hokkaido pumpkin, pak choy, miso aioli, sweet soy, sesame crumble, nori, chili oil
Crawfish &amp; Shrimp with rice, cucumbers and peanut sauce
Sarson ka Saag Recipe
beef tenderloin
Tacos Verduras
Roasted Butternut Squash with a Herb Oil, Goat Cheese &amp; Toasted Pecans - Herb oil: Italian Parsley, Oregano, Garlic, Aleppo Chili, Preserved Lemon &amp; Evoo (Infused Love Potion)
Baked Alaska on Celebrity Solstice
Turkish Delight (Lokum)
Kangaroo Tataki, Pepperberry and Fermented Carrot
Campfire Delight cookie
challah french toast with blueberries and bacon
broccoli and cheese stuffed spaghetti squash with black truffle hot sauce
The “Wall Street” - Spicy Italian Sausage, Fried Egg, Provolone Cheese and Giardiniera on a Bagel
Fried egg, melted aged cheddar, avocado and sliced pickle on toasted multi grain bread.
Spin Dip Grilled Chicken breasts with applewood smoked bacon strips and grilled zucchini
slow cooked pulled pork sweet corn mango avocado red onions hot sauce and tomato in a soft taco
white chocolate streusel muffins filled with homemade strawberry jam
black sesame and ube soft serve ice cream.
Roast Dinner with Yorkshire puddings
500gm (17oz+ for USA mates) eye fillet steak with garlic and herb butter (rolled and frozen then sliced) - medium rare. Made a little dish of mushroom sauce on the side which is standard in Australia.
Ribeye steak with Pumpkin purée
Spicy pork stir fry with vegetables and pineapple chunks
Spinach and ricotta pasta bake
roasted pork shoulder
Spice up your meal sauce for change. Bangkokwestthai.com
Taco night with carnitas, chicken, and grilled asada, rice and refried beans
Pita bread
Lamb vindaloo
Turkey
Chicken breasts with spinach cream
Pulled lamb rolls with gravy and red onion w/ vegetable soup
Carrot cake cheesecake
This absolute lad of an apple critter
Chocolate Peppermint Donut (GF and SF)
BLTAC
this is my before a show supper!
Berry salad with ground espresso atop a sablé cookie
Top 10 kolača koji se prave brzo i lako
Spaghetti marinara
Fish Pickle out of fried Anchovies OC
bacon, egg and hashbrown sandwiches
Made Bob's Burgers "Baby you can Chive my car" burgers tonight.
Truffle &amp; Ricotta Agnolotti with artichoke and yellow chanterelles
gruyere soufflé
Blood orange upside down olive oil cake
apple pie with bacon crumb topping, caramel, and powdered sugar on top!
Japanese Fusion @ 7 Lucky Gods
Pot Roast with Gravy and Roasted Potatoes
shakshuka in cast iron with homemade za’atar spics blend made by my lovely partner
Bread I made in my Dutch oven.
Grilled Lamb Chops with Vegetable couscous and Homemade Tzatziki
Ham, Egg, and Cheese Biscuit
Slow-braised chicken feet
take on beef ravioli caramella
Tres Leches Pancakes
Pork Belly and Kimchi with rice
#justicefortomuu
Musubi
Quick Yummy Pasta
Home-cured bacon cheeseburger.
Gli spaghetti alle vongole
Chicken parm with a side of tagliatelle and chicken meatball
Jack Daniels glaze
Quiche Lorraine!
Welsh Lamb Cawl 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿accompanied with obligatory warm bread and cheese. Perfect for a winter evening.
My fiirst attempt to make a burger: Minced Steak with Bacon + cheedar. Those are sweet and normal popatoes with Sea salt and garlic powder.
Murgh Cholay (Chicken and chickpeas)
Chocolate raspberry cake
deep dish pepperoni pizza
Bahn Mi Sandwich
lobster masala and lemon rice
Chilean sea-bass on quinoa with garlic-tomato sauce.
Vietnamese grilled pork
fenugreek porridge
Beefaroni
Vanilla Panna Cotta
Egg salad sandwich
Szechuan noodles and dumplings
Tuna poke bowl.
Bagels with dill salmon
Korean Bulgogi Bibimbaps
I ate a quarter packet of lays without seeing this in lays sour cream and onion flavored party size packet
Ensalada de Tomate con Ventresca de Atún (Spanish-Style Tomato and Ventresca Tuna Salad)
My favorite coping mechanism for Daylight Savings adjustment - the lady’s spectacular blueberry pancakes.
Cheese Donkatsu is essentially a mozza stick wrapped in a thin pork chop and deep fried. Pair it off with some doenjang mayo and slaw and you'
Tom Yum Noodles
I got tired of it so much, do you like it?
Classic Mac with Sharp and Reserve Aged Vermont Cheddar
India vs England: Cricket Fraternity Reacts As Suryakumar Yadav's Long Wait For Maiden India Call-Up.. - NDTVSports.com
Coconut Curry Chicken
Mini Apple Tarts
Cheetos topped with a spicy sweet papaya and seaweed salad.
Red Velvet Cake Ice Cream
a Spicy chorizo tagliarelli pasta
Thai fried rice and red curry
Cajun Mac n’ Cheese
Fried Tilapia
Spaghetti carbonara! A little on the saucy side, but incredibly delicious.
Zucchini and Lemon Ricotta Flatbread
thai red curry
Chicken Kiev
BLT on sourdough
Cornish game hen, mushroom rice pilaf, fried plantain, green beans and gravy
Seitan Cheesesteak
Pumpkin Custard Donuts
Cubano sandwich on  bread
Hummus
Garlic bread with cheese
Chicken dum biryani.
Bourbon Pineapple upside down cake
Nasi Lemak. (Coconut infused rice served with fried chicken, egg, peanuts, anchovies and sweet Chili sauce)
Pahncakes
grilled sweet potato, spinach, red onion and cheese sandwich
Alastair Cook slams Virat Kohli's assessment of Motera pitch - Times of India
Banana Pancakes with caramelized bananas
I boiled and egg 🥚
Easy Tomato Chicken Marsala
Fried Green Tomato Sandwich with Vegan Garlic Mac and Cheese from Dixie Dharma in Tampa, Florida
Chicken Breast and Carne Asada Tacos
Grilled Ribeyes
Roast Chicken
Cajun deep fried popcorn shrimp
'Cheats' Oregano and Paprika Sausage Rolls.
Stromboli Vs Calzone and The Moral Dilemma
Mike’s Hot Wings (Flats) Bowl
Thai red curry paste
A giant pretzel with a creamy cheese sauce along with honey &amp; spicey mustard
These practical tips cover the basics of healthy eating and can help you make healthier choices
Chili in Bread Bowl
cheese board, Garlic herb goat cheese, triple cream Brie, aged Gouda , young Manchego, pastrami salmon, crackers, pastries, grapes and cherries, withe some Savignon Blanc.
Healthy Food recipes
fresh spring roll with peanut butter brown sugar sauce .
Smoked prime rib finished with flame thrower
thick vanilla marshmallows
Modified sukiyaki.
Pork chops, potatoes and coleslaw
Penne Alfredo w/ Chicken + Broccoli
Wonton soup
Pesto, tomato, and balsamic fig pizza (his in the back is breaded buffalo bulgogi chicken), homemade crust
Ribeye and a Blue Cheese Mornay sauce
Taco al Pastor
Viral Video: Salman Khan dances with niece Ayat Sharma on 'Bajrangi Bhaijaan' song, Arpita calls it - DNA India
Bacon-Wrapped CheeseBurger Dog
Herb Roasted Frenched Rack of Lamb
Dolsot Bibimbap
Korean chicken soup "DakGomTang"
dessert perogies
Conchiglie pasta with diced chicken
Chicken Biryani
Chicago deep dish pizza
Königsberger Meatballs just like "Oma" used to make them
roast chicken
steamed Clams in white wine and garlic
bacon bagel
Chimchurri chicken wings, with simple mash potatoes and fresh style green beans
Breakfast Bowl w/ Kielbasa Sausage
Meatballs &amp; Buttered Noodles
A vegan in germany ^.^
Falafel Sandwich
Mussels in white wine sauce
picadillo and tostones
https://ift.tt/3a3lTs9
Delicious Meatballs with Peanut butter and Tomato Sauce
Gazpacho: cucumber and tomato Yin and Yang
Beef&amp; peanut satay soup
Top 10 viral videos to come out of Saskatchewan in 2020 - Global News
Late Night Diner Lasagna
Banh Mi
Spicy Yellow Curry with Chicken
Angus cajun cheeseburgers with roasted jalapeno and onion
Homemade Gyoza
How to Make an Amazing Fall Pumpkin Latte - DIY Fall Starbucks Drinks at Home/
BLT Salad
strawberry shortcake
Leftover Scrambled With Kimchi
grilled branzino with roasted red pepper sauce
New Orleans BBQ Shrimp.
Steak and shrimp.
Risotto with beets, shiitake &amp; oyster mushrooms and kale
mapo tofu
Absolute lamb dunk. Reverse seared shoulder steak, tahini/Greek yogurt schmear with a zhoug, asparagus mixed green salad, lemon vin .
Passionfruit meringue tart
Braised short ribs with red wine and chili, mashed potatoes, and asparagus salad with almonds and goat cheese
smoked bacon wrapped Oreos.
cheese and potato perogies with dill cream sauce, sour cream, and buttered onions
Egg fried rice w/ shrimp and bacon
Reverse-seared NY Strip and soft scrambled eggs
Chops and Mac
7 Health Benefits Of Drinking Beer
Hot Chicken + Milk Bun
Pasta with Italian sausage, spinach, and mushrooms in a mustard cream sauce.
Cheesy Hasselback Potato Au Gratin
Banana Zucchini Bread Loaf
lobster noodles, king oyster noodles with chicken, and slivered pigs ear with chili oil
Asian short rib sliders, rice wine slaw with 5-spice and peppercorn creama
Detroit style pizza with rapini (aka broccoli rabe) and Italian sausage.
“Ghost of Nashville” wings. Basically followed a hot Nashville chicken recipe but added ghost peppers. These boys got some HEAT on them
French dip sandwiches with fries and roasted vegetables
Never made sushi before know What does Reddit think?
Grilled fish SLT (sausage, lettuce, tomato) With black scorpion for garnish!
Roast potato topped shepherd's pie
Baguettes
Ratatouille. Would Remy be proud?
Toasted sesame hoisin sauce and soy stir fry with teriyaki soaked boiled egg.)
I made zuppa toscana
Steak Shawarma
bbq chicken wings
Indian sweets
Casarecce pasta with primadoro e mascarpone, topped with a sprinkle of goats cheese and some fresh herbs.
Bibimbap Meal Prep
al pastor and chorizo tacos
Sourdough baked in a Japanese Nabe pot (Dutch oven substitute)
Pork Ragu with Yoghurt and Chilli Dumplings
sourdough bread.
New Years Eve Bomb with chocolate, blackcurrant and salt caramel ganache
Simple Salisbury Steak Recipe
Grilled cheese with cheddar/mozz on multigrain bread, applewood smoked bacon and minestrone soup...
carrots, potatoes, meatballs.
Pork Belly Burnt Ends
Reese’s Pieces Cheesecake
Cute macaroons
Spicy, tangy, Pad Thai
Latkes. Applesauce, smoked salmon, capers and vegan sour cream.
everything bagels
Marinated olives ^.^
Donuts 🍩
Esfiha aberta do Habbib´s receita deliciosa e super fácil
Veggie Ramen
BBQ Chicken Pizza with hand tossed dough
buffalo chicken mac n cheese pizza :)
Breakfast Risotto made with leftover sausage, bacon and mushrooms.
Deer Sausage Pizza.
ube waffles &amp; chicken
Fried eggs, tomatoes, and purple smashed potatoes
Ceviche
Greek Meze
Prawns ball, a healthy snack
artichoke with garlic, parmesan cheese, white raisins, olive oil and pine nuts
Ramen with udon noodles, chicken, seaweed, egg, green onion and red chilli.
Tomato Basil and Goat cheese omelette
Lemon pepper chicken wings with garlic mashed potatoes and mixed salad
grilled shrimp skewers
Chocolate fudge brownies
I try to eat a healthy  diet but the fun is also necessary
Espresso cheesecake with chocolate cookie crust and chocolate meringues
Maple pecan millionaire’s shortbread
Midwest Supper - Ribs, Slaw, Corn, Watermelon
Potato au gratin bavette steak with citrus herb compound butter
Mac ‘n Cheese
Restaurants to visit when in Singapore
Noodle-Cheese-Casserole
Crispy Shallots
leftover wagyu, Colby jack, and truff hotsauce sandwich
Top Most delicious Foods in the World. So delicious 🤤
Five-Spice Roasted Shiitake Mushroom Dumplings with Thai Curry Aioli
salted caramel cheesecake cookies
king crab legs &amp; home fries
Pakistani Famous "Halwa Poori" dish.
Seafood Feast for two (lobster, snow crab, shrimp, mussels, corn, potato, raw oysters)
Perfect Chipotle Guacamole Dip
Vietnamese egg noodle with wonton, dry style
Potatoes, Salmon, Broccoli
Slow cooked Potato &amp; milk, diced Lamb Steak, fresh Coriander, orange Capsicum, portobello Mushroom, satay Sauce, herbs &amp; spices, cheese sauce.
chicken and spinach pizza with French fries
chocolate chip Monster cupcakes!
Do you Cut your grilled cheese diagonal or down the middle? I do it down the middle
Edible flower rose jelly!
a caramel mochiatto flavored cake
Mickey Mouse Breakfast
Temperature control deep fryer
Smashburgers with cheese, sautéed onion, and house-made sauce on a toasted brioche bun.
general Taos chicken
A Burger with Barbeque Rum Sauce.
Dirty Tots (tater tots w/ cheese sauce, pulled pork, and bbq sauce)
Mushroom soup in a sourdough bread bowl
Lasanga with homemade noodles
3 Basic Sweet Sauces to Upgrade Desserts
oven hot wings
Fennel and Garlic Sausage with linguine.
Quinoa bowl with roasted pork loin.
Roast Pork Crackling
Cantonese Style Ginger Scallion Lobsters
In honor of today - imPEACH Cobbler!
StL style pizza
Fall-themed charcuterie board
Spaghetti Bolognese (in-progress)
Fluffy pancakes are the best option
Birria Nachos
Pan seared Ribeyes with Yukon mash, green beans &amp; mushrooms
honey-sriracha salmon, rice and garlic roasted broccoli 😋
New Year dishes series of soft waxy spring tooth braised pig's feet
Simple and easy fried rice
Lazy Friday miso soup with dashi
Pho Bo
Truff - Hot Sauce Review
Boiled peanuts in curry seasoning with Tabasco peppers
since quarantine i've been learning how to cook. today i've made the easiest glazed honey chicken!
Ezekiel English Muffin with an over easy egg in the middle with a side of bacon, yogurt with berries and a smoothie.
Steak and salad
Applewood smoked Turkey stuffed with sourdough breadcrumbs. (Cheddar blue cheese biscuits in the back
Pothichoru - Rice packed in plantain leaves with side dishes to be consumed later. Popular in Kerala, India
Phở
Dirt Dog, CA!
chicken and shrimp Pad Thai
Hot chocolate with pink torched marshmallow
Peanut butter and strawberry jelly burger. With bacon and pepper jack cheese!
Chinese Teo Chew fish porridge
stuffed mushrooms
Pork Gyoza with Napa Cabbage, Scallions, and Garlic from Chef Morimoto’s Cookbook
Gumbo
Orange limoncello using Everclear
Ribs, fries, and German beer. Couldn't ask for anything more!
I also made everything bagels.
biscuits, spin/feta meatballs, potatoes and beans.
Pot roast and herb mashed potatoes on a snowy night
Salmon Miso Ramen
Ramen with Charred Scallions, Green beans, and Chill Oil.
Different Texas pictures. Caldo de Res. 32hrs.
work
Honey Mustard Fried Chicken Tenders
The United States of Christmas Cookies
Beyond Meat burger
Waygu strip with roasted squash, asparagus, balsamic thyme mushrooms
Eggs en cocotte with heavy cream and dry cured bacon
and amateur chef
Pineapple Chicken in creamy Coconut Milk
Apple Crumb Muffins
Eggs Benedict with vege fritters and Grilled Halloumi
Vegetable Spaghetti - Tomatoes, Onion, Garlic, Black Beans, Chickpeas, Red and Yellow Bell Peppers, Carrots, Mushrooms, Corn, Celery topped with Herb and Garlic White Cheddar Cheese
Sweet N' Spicy chicken filled Onigiri
Chicken Jalapeño Panini with Rosemary Fries
mac n' cheese
Mako Coffee is great!
Junior’s style NY cheesecake
Delicious cream cake , quick and cheap
gyros with homemade pita bread
Smoked reverse-seared ribeye with nam jim jaew sauce.
Turkey leg, roasted brussels sprouts, and mashed potatoes
Greek Santorini Shrimp
Pulled chicken sandwich
Pork Pesto Paninis on homemade bread. Doesn’t look real clean but it was amazing
S teak au Poivre and Brussels Sprouts
Burning chicken India restaurant in Seoul ,
pomegranate tart!!
VOCÊ SE ATREVE A COMER ?? HORROR SOPA CHEIA DE INSETOS🤢 | Cozinhando ASM...
Taco Ring by KC3
Chhole bhature (chickpeas with fried bread)
Pulled chicken curry with greek yoghurt, plum-chilli chutney and guacamole
Caramelized Pork Belly
Super Moist Chocolate Cake! Covered with chocolate syrup
Smoked Beef Pastrami
Goats cheese tortellini, parmesan cream sauce, parmesan wafer and pangritata.
Seafood don (Tsukiji in Japan)
Quick and Easy Potato Donuts Recipe for Snacks
burger buns
Italian Beef Detroit Style Pizza
Only Christmas away from home, my housemate and I made a Beef Wellington and vegetables
Saturday Night Pizzas
Honey Butter Chicken Avocado Turkey Biscuits
Youtube
Grilled tomahawk steak for my birthday
German sausage and potatoes mashed with bacon bits!
pepperoni sausage pizza
Win food
Made some of my favorite dishes tonight
This creamy Lotus cheesecake was an experiment but it came out absolutely delicious
avocado salad.
I love this do you like it ?
https://ift.tt/2YyFStn
pan fried Orange Chicken
Breakfast fried rice
Smoked salmon and Scallop rolls.
beef steak🧓🏿🧓🏿
Calzones With Tofu and Spinach Filling
Warning! 15 Foods That Are Killing You Slowly !
Ye old Salad &amp; 3 Toast Sandwich.
Sausage breakfast skillet with a red chimichurri
garlic bread on homemade sourdough (w/ cheese)
Tenderloin Steak &amp; Roasted Potatoes
chicken, pineapple, and bacon grilled over applewood.
Charcuterie board for New Years Day
Hawaiian Chicken Thighs
Gajrela AKA Carrot Halwa
Pesto olive pizza inspired bread
Flammkuchen &amp; Asparagus
Savory Boule
Smoked Spareribs, Baguette, Maple onion jam and green salad (took about 8 hrs)
Quick cake recipe for tea in 10 minutes of work
grilled chicken thighs, potatoes, and asparagus
Ciabatta burger and fries
Jerk Chicken Chow Mein
Charcuterie Board
Double burger, Swiss, American, sauce with Mayo, onion, garlic powder, chipotle. Fresh jalapeños and lettuce
Soufflé pancake attempt 2, it's starting to look better haha
Ribeye, radicchio, panzanella, potatoes
Chai Spiced Banana Upside Down Cake
Swiss Cheeseburger
Kkanpunggi- Spicy Garlic Fried Chicken
English breakfast.
Jelly Donut Sufganiyot
Ice Cream Fruit Salad
Skillet Nachos with Pepper Jack Queso and Pulled Chipotle Chicken Thigh
The not so fast Roll n’ Roaster
beef kabobs
Cochinita Pibil
pan-fried vegetable in butter with shrimps and a lot of pepper
Grilled grouper and avocado &amp; corn salsa
Danish ‘Lemon Moon’
Beef medallion in brown butter sauce and garlic mushrooms
Batman cake for my sons birthday.
Red wine braised brisket with mash potato topped with crispy business and cavelo nero tossed with lardon and pine nuts
chicken and sausage gumbo
Gobbler
Grilled chicken &amp; pesto linguine with sun dried tomatoes &amp; cheesy garlic bread
flat iron steak
Turkey “crab”cakes with a tomato and balsamic salsa
spicy natto rice bowl and banana milkshake
Leek and potato soup
Deep fried donuts
Skirt steak with my own "killer garlic" sauce
how to fiverr account create 2020
bagel lox n turkey bacon
breakfast bagel
Turkey and rolls
pork shoulder slow roasted in the oven all day
Detroit Style Pizza
Popcorn for sale
Roasted Lamb Leg in a WeberQ
naan
Scotch pancakes w/maple syrup
Fish and Sweet Potato Chips w/Roasted Asparagus (;
Cheap instant ramen made better
dark chocolate and walnut cookies
Bailey's Irish Cream Dark Chocolate Bread Pudding
Vegan gyro Mac n Cheeze egg rolls
I am in charge of the Christmas dinner this year and was hoping someone her might have some great recipes and tips
Fried chicken with caramelized honey siracha sauce
Chicago Deep Dish Butter Crust Cheese Pizza
Cube steaks cooked with onions and vinegar. Rice, beans and tostones
feta-tomato pasta bake that I’ve seen online but I added spinach and artichokes. Absolutely delicious.
Lobster
chicken khao soi
berries pie with vanilla custard
Prosciutto
Stuffed jumbo shells with a meat and tomato garlic sauce with a side of garlic bread
Butternut squash ravioli with sage butter sauce
Recognize Name of Fish: Golden Pomfret
Roasted eggplant dip with greek salad and chicken
steak with grilled vegetables
Sous vide salmon•Candied carrots and lardons•Dijon dill crème fraîche•Lemon truffle roasted potatoes•Brie crème•Cress•Pomegranate
https://ift.tt/3j1F6ib
Chicken Tamale Dinner
Couldn’t put my hand down!
peach, tomato, corn, and hazelnut salad
Original Anchor Bar Style Buffalo Wings
steak and sides
Fresh raspberry, Fig, and Almond Cream galette.
Pepper Jack
Toasted homemade garlic rolls with colby-jack cheese and hard salami.
falafel bowl
Reverse-seared prime cut ribeye steak with sodium citrate-based mac and cheese.
Mille feuilles
Made my own charcuterie board from a couple cheese chalets in Wisconsin
Mango cheesecake servings!
Trdelník in Malá Strana, Prague
Nashville hot chicken
chocolate covered strawberries which were made and given to me by a friend
Pizza Flavored Risotto.
Unadon with oden
Browned butter and toasted milk solids
White bean, potato, and broccolini soup
My homemade pizza dinner
Applewood smoked pork tenderloin, sous vide cabbage purée, with seared pears and shallots on the side
Bindaetteok
Blueberry Scones!
Yassa boulettes de poisson et crevettes
Indian Food- Kulcha, Chicken Masala and Butter Panner Masala.
Vanilla bean cheesecake with blueberry compote
CHAR KUEY TEOW | HOME STYLE #frynoodle #graftingtactick
gingerbread and dark chocolate truffles
Egg fettuccini with a white wine tomato sauce and and a light dusting of Parmigiano-Reggiano
chicken shawarma
Vanilla Raspberry Macarons with French Buttercream filling.
Thai Green Curry with Vegetables
Portuguese shrimp puffs (rissoles)
homemade hot chocolate blend and peppermint marshmallow
Year of the Ox Dinner
Banh Mi on GF Baguettes
beef and cheese quesadilla
Roasted Broccolini with Mushroom Ketchup and Nori Topping
Shakshuka with beet greens and poblano.
Vanilla and brigadeiro macarons
pan cooked strip steal, roasted romanesco, hot potato salad, and a bernaise sauce.
Vanilla Cupcake with Pink icing
Bacon Cheeseburgers- 8oz on hot coals -fresh 80/20 about 4 min total.
Chocolate and whiskey tart with honeycomb and chocolate mouse
Viral video: Minister sits on ferris wheel to get mobile phone signal - Sambad English
Beef &amp; Broccoli
bread pudding
Interfaith Food Pantry Receives $100000 Grant
Bacon Wrapped Turkey
beef curry pad Thai
Tacos pollo, al pastor, asada, and chorizo with red and green salsa, radish slices and lime
Wild caught hand breaded flounder on hand cut fried potatoes with red and orange peppers and red onions
Freshly Made Fettuccine With A Goat Cheese/Spinach Alfredo Topped With Ripe Figs
Wild goose breast, scalloped potatoes with mushroom gravy, sweet corn
Ate this amazing dessert at the Old Delhi. Can you guess the name? (Hint- the texture is a bit foamy and is only available in winters)
Pannacotta
Spaghetti con la Colatura di Alici
Garlic mushroom stuffed chicken w/ redskin mashed potatoes and broccoli florets.
Surprise Office Muffin
Chocolate cookies
arancini from leftover risotto
BBQ Chicken on Brioche, Zesty Fries, Spicy Creamy Ketchup
I got diabetes by just glancing at this
Cacio e Pepe
miso soup
, korean food Tteok-bokki / ASMR
Mochi Brownies
Smoked Brisket - 16 hours
Smoked and Grilled Picanha with fresh Yellow Eye Beans, Wild Rice, Tomato, and Roasted Hatch Chile Purée.
Beef short rib with Yukon gold mashed
2 ingredient cake with peaches
Baker fries
kalamata olive baguette I ate it too
Norwegian brown cheese
Ricotta and spinach pizza
Swedish meatballs with lingonberry sauce
Oreo cheesecake 😋 what do you guys think?
Texas.
Cake is for life not just for Birthdays
burger from local takeaway
Thanksgiving leftovers dinner. The Moist maker - but make it Portuguese - Leftover turkey, and roasted brussel sprouts, flamengo cheese, gravy with a pimento paste kick on a bolo do caco bun.
Pork Pot Sticker
Lemon curd filled lemon cupcakes with blueberry buttercream
Caramel Apple Ice Cream: vanilla base, caramel swirl, green apple swirl, chopped peanuts.
Chicken with mushrooms
mac n cheese burger betwixt 2 slices of bacon lovers thin crust pizza.
jelly cake with only 3 ingredients
https://ift.tt/3oXI1KU
Shrimp tacos
The Best recipe
crispy bbq chicken bites
Teriyaki Pineapple Chicken and Rice with Broccoli Normandy
New York-Style Pizza Crust with Chorizo and Basil
Leftover Burnt Ends Potato Hash
Grilled Trout w/ Potatoes and Poached Egg
British Sunday Roast
Armenian Sausage and Eggs
Birria De Res Quesa Tacos and Consome
Beef Wellington, Potatoes and Butternut Squash gratin and sautéed broccolini.
apple pie! 🍏
Chicken Miso Ramen
Jjimdak (Korean Braised Chicken)
Fluffy yeast donuts
Flank Steak with fried Cayenne-Veggies and green Pesto.
Tamagoyaki, stir-fried bok choy with soy sauce, gohan sprinkled with furikake
Flavored Marshmallows
fried chicken
Smashburger on a Martins Potato roll
How to Make Cake Pops - Easy  Cake Pop Recipe!
Vegetarian Potato Curry
potato salad
*New* Kid Fails | 2021 Collection
Prime Rib, Yorkshire Pudding, Honey Glazed Carrots with Nasturtium Pesto, Cheddar Potato Gratinee
a turkey meal....
filet mignon with mashed potatoes and asparagus
Dill pickle noodle soup
Does it look any good ?
Frittata with roasted veggie pesto on top
banoffee pie
Tortilla Flammkuchen with bacon, crème fraiche, onions, and egg
Italian hot cocoa and whipped cream.
French onion soup!
ricotta crostini with tomatoes and garlic
Thai Tea Cake
Pregame double fried wings
Grilled chicken with carrot top chimichurri
Greek Feta Dip
bacon n eggs bagels
Pork tenderloin en croute Italian style (prosciutto, mozzarella, dried tomatoes,capers, grainy mustard)
Christmas Eve dinner newbie: cast iron seared lamb lollipops, scalloped potatoes au gratin, and crispy Parmesan Brussel sprouts
Steak with black garlic compound butter. Also, shitaki and portobello mushroom risotto.
Yunnan Wild Mushroom Hotpot
Short Rib Poutine
Pozole and totopos
Soft Pretzels

BBQ Pulled Pork &amp; Corn Bread Sandwich
Sous Vide Ribeye Steak and Baked Potato
Dutch Oven Potatoes
Stuffed peppers! :)
bison meatball sub for Christmas.
Ratatouille? Veggie Casserole?
Salad: maple roasted candied cashews, spinach, grilled asparagus, scallion, carrot, candy stripe beetroot slices and twirls, soft goats cheese, coleslaw, dressed with black pepper, sea salt, extra virgin olive oil and a balsamic glaze
Sea Bream Ceviche, Nectarine, Grapefruit, Basil &amp; Yuzu Kosho
Simple English breakfast
mash&amp;eggs wings and salad
Chicken Tagine with Olives
Toasted Chub with Rice and Vegetable croquette
fresh tofu with ikura, pickled mushrooms, and crispy ginger
Ham rolls with pickles and green onions
10 Thanksgiving  Charcuterie Boards
Burrito with grilled chicken/refried beans/red rice/jack cheese/pico/guac and 2 types of salsa
Fried egg sandwich
Strawberry&amp;Nutella Crepes!
beef brisket noodles
Little something from local local Mexican place
Butter Lamb &amp; Garlic Cheese Naan at Indian Kitchen
Не знаю, как я дал втянуть себя в эту авантюру, видимо звезды так сошлись, и вот я на диете. Диета достаточно жесткая, но обещают хорошие результаты. Посмотрим. Чтобы этот эксперимент не пропал просто так, я решил вести своеобразный дневник, записывая в него ощущения и прогресс.
spaghetti in sage and truffle butter, with scallops, seared in saffron butter.
Smash burger with beer-battered onion rings
rice porridge (congee, aka jook)
Braised Brisket and latkes for Channukah
ROBerto’s SD rolled tacos and quesadillas extra cheese and hot carrots. What’s your fav taco shop?
Walnut Tart with Cinnamon Ice Cream
Folded breakfast sandwich with eggs, swiss cheese, carmelized onions, hash browns, crisp maple bacon, green onions, and various seasonings.
Shakshuka with Feta
Rangoon of Three Allergies
Carnitas tacos, refried beans, cilantro lime rice, curdito, orange sauce, guacamole, and salsa verde. And a salad with a lime vinaigrette.
Friday night treat myself dinner: Cajun butter Lobster Tail, Bacon Wrapped Filet Mignon, Jalapeño Popper, and Avocado
cast iron pan combo pizza
Chicken Satsivi and Khachapuri
Fried chicken Sandwich with Pickled Onions and Salad Greens
ramen with spaghetti sauce :)
bagels and lox
Bread pudding with caramel sauce
Strawberry Rhubarb Pie
My new favourite salad!
San Marzano tomatoes, roasted pepper, garlic and basil soup.
Emu Smash Burger
Mini Quiches
Hungarian Dobos Torte
Eggs with hot sauce, hash browns with ketchup and bacon
Boiled Egg Recipe
Red Velvet Ooey Gooey Cake
Double crusts Graham &amp; Oreo cookies strawberry cheesecake
recently started making charcuterie boxes!
Cuban Sandwich bread also homemade Cuban bread
English Muffins
I decided to add the collard green pot liquor to my collard-lemon-garlic-shrimp quesadilla in order to create some sort of Mexican casserole.
French toast from homemade bread with honey 💖
Carmel apple cookies
Mapo tofu with Impossible beef
Fried chicken, KFC style!
Vegetable soup
French toast using leftover Panettone
Zucchini fritters with lemon dill sauce
ricotta pesto pasta
beef and rice hedgehogs in vegetable sauce with cottage cheese
Basque Cheesecake
Cornish hens with stuffing
48-hour herb/oil marinated, panko-crusted rack of lamb, over Mediterranean tabouli
Classic chicken curry with some toast. with love.
Giardiniera
chicken sausage pizza with veggies
Bone in Akiushi Ribeye and chicken thighs. Happy spring break!🔥
Pacific Oysters
Kaju paneer masala curry
Triple chocolate eclairs. Chocolate choux, chocolate cream, chocolate mirror glaze.
brunch tacos
Cake Mix Cookies for Santa
korean BBQ with Galbi, kimchi, and marinated cucumber banchan
Saw this on my walk a few weeks back. 2020 is starting to make more sense.
bananawaffles with yoghurt- and honey topping
Crispy pork belly
Arroz Verde and Mahi Mahi with mango salsa
steakhouse dinner at home. Beef tenderloin, creamed spinach, roasted potatoes, and Cotes du Rhone
Mongolian Beef
Crunchwrap Supreme w/ chipotle mayo
caramelized halloumi over yam/chana hash with greens
Crab Avocado Salad
- Toasted sourdough with mozzarella, pesto, tomato, and balsamic gastrique
Cozinhando ASMR - Fazendo Horror Curry Para Reviver Os Mortos - Funny Co...
Kebab, Fries, Béarnaise sauce and Salad
Spinach Cappelletti filled with butternut squash and ricotta
Corn Fritters with Chili Yogurt Sauce
Raisin-Walnut Oatmeal Cookies
these donuts
Libyan Bsesa Powder
Made dinner tonight! Some birds eye veggie blend like 3 carb per serving. Shirmp with 2 sticks of butter a whole onion, garlic, pesto, red chili flakes, oregano, basil, cayenne pepper, turmeric, and some pizza seasoning delicious 😋
Praline Cake Recipe - Τουρτα Σοκολατας Με Γκοφρετες - Τουρτα Πραλινα
Cheesy potato purée. Yellow potato, sautéed garlic and sweet onion, aged balsamic vinegar, shredded cheese aged in Syrah.
Ribs, pulled pork, collards, slaw, and mac-n-cheese
Braised short rib
Nashville Hot Fried Shrimp
BBQ Beef Ribs
Tacos Villamelón
Apple Crisp with vanilla bean ice cream
Tequeños
Chicken Mandi Rice
Chocolate &amp; Honeycomb eclair
Let's watch guys
Fried rice !
Pesto chicken with melted gouda and fontina cheese, balsamic roasted grape tomatoes over garlic and herb rice finished with a pesto cream sauce.
Hotdog frittata
"Tonkatsu" Ramen
Tried Chocolate Vanilla Swirled Meringue!
Giant Hamburger (Banana for Scale)
Biscuits and sausage gravy.
Look at this tasty food
"Rheinlaendische Rouladen" (German Beef Roulades) With Red Cabbage And Potatoes.
KUNAFARISSA (KUNAFA AND HARISSA) WITH QESHTA (THICK CREAM)
Scrambled eggs with mushrooms and vine tomatoes
log cake with meringue mushrooms
kimchi butter noodles
Pesto Pasta with bacon and poached egg
Steak and rice bowl!
Sous Vide Behälter – Dies solltest Du vor dem Kauf beachten
Crunchwrap Supreme
Is High protein good for health?
sausage balls
Bacon pineapple habanero pizza
Blackberry meringue cake.
Garlic &amp; Herb buttered chicken.
Aglio e Olio, with shrimp.
Cajun Chicken Breast with Yellow Rice, Roasted Broccoli and Zucchini.
dinosaur gummies
smoked babybacks and beans
British Breakfast
Assorted Macarons (hojicha, matcha, guava, ube, ginger salted caramel, passion fruit, black sesame, Thai tea, Abuelita hot chocolate, strawberry, butterfly pea flower)
Perhaps the best looking hot chocolate I’ve ever had.
Baked a cake for my 1st Cake Day :)
Christmas tree focaccia
shrimp and grits !
48-hour herb/oil marinated, French cuffed panko-crusted rack of lamb, served over Mediterranean tabouli
Fish &amp; Chips
ghost pepper honey bbq ribs
Sunflower chocolate cupcakes
Loaded focaccia. My new favourite thing to make! Fresh tomato, olives, jalapeño, red onion, garlic, Italian herbs and cheddar
Spicy Prawn Pepper Fry
this 1lb monster bacon cheeseburger!
Thanks mom❤️
chicken roast

Lobster mac n' cheese w/ broccoli
ribs. Success!
Steak and Cheese with chimichurri
Humans are the Only Animals That Enjoy Spicy Foods
Fried chicken and jambalaya spicy voodoo fries.
I’m opening up a Filipino fusion truck! Pork sisig rice bowl and tacos with salsa rojo
Cheesy pulled beef
Prime New York Steak for Dinner
Mocha bachelor party boob cake (mildly nsfw)
Porridge Sourdough
- Chicken Teriyaki Stir Fry
Smoked Meat Tray - (Smoked Brisket, Housemade Jalapeño Cheddar Sausage, Pork Belly Burnt Ends, Smoked Spare Ribs)
Steak Sandwiches
Granola oats, yogurt, jam, butter, coffee and cute tulip -  Brunch setup ❤️
Doro Tibs, Gomen and Ayib, Miser Wat, and Canjeero.
green bean casserole
Bread pudding!!! Attempt number 1!!!
Apple cake
Korean fried tofu sandwich on homemade brioche with kimchi slaw
Chocolate Chip Cookies with Walnuts
Japanese Curry Rice with Chicken Katsu
brownie for breakkie
, Tea(Ginger &amp; Lemon Flavoured) &amp; Pasta
Leche Flan
Medovik russian honey cake
Noodle bowl w/ assorted toppings
peas mhmhmhmhm
bbq past weekend
Glazed Salmon
buttermilk banana pancakes
Pepperoni and jalapeño pizza
Beef and Mushroom burger with Truffle Brie fondue - copycat recipe from Disneyworld's Food &amp; Wine Festival
Crispy and Flaky Scallion Pancake with Egg
WHATS ONE FOOD YOU COULD EVERYDAY? pizza
Pasta mixed with meat, bell peppers (Orange and yellow) and spinach. Topped with Grossman’s red sauce. Served with a side of corn, raspberries and Cranberry juice.
Prime Rib Dinner
Corn and crab chowder with store-bought sourdough
lamb ramen
Sausage Pizza
Rosemary Garlic Infused Bacon Deviled Eggs
Rotisserie wings and a chef salad
Sugar cookies and Lemon Poppyseed Muffins with lemon frosting.
Confit Lemon Pepper Wet Wings
sea bass tacos
Bomboloni stuffed with vanilla pastry cream
Chicken Noodle Soup
Trust me, not all things gluten-free are bad!  Thin crust pizza!
Food That You Need To Add In Your Diet To Stay Energized All Day
Scotch fillet steak glazed in truffle inspired butter with pasta salad and chips 😋
Pasta and Onion
Smoked yam cupcakes with toasted marshmallow icing
Mysore Pak
fries and chicken nuggets on the air fryer
Linguine with olive pesto and roasted tomatoes
AC makers to hike prices by 5-8% to offset input costs - Mint
Beet borscht with our garden veg.
A5 waygu tonkatsu sandwich
Brisket
Spaghetti a vongole
Ribs baby
1790 recipe apple pie, it's so good
Crab Boil
spicy teriyaki chicken wings
Masala Chai Canelés
Sticky toffee pudding with Irish liquor sauce
Oatmeal pistachio cookies
Cinnamon rolls
Deer hamburger
Tteokbokki korean food so hooot!
Seitan BBQ ribs with rucola, asparagus, artichoke, truffle salad
A Brown Butter Caramel flavored cronut

Cinnamon Rolls w/ cream cheese frosting
Air Fryer Egg-Free Apple Fritters
bone-in ribeye, roasted potatoes, broccoli, &amp; chocolate covered strawberries
Authentic Roman Carbonara
Chicken sandwich and cheesy fries. Bonus nuggets.
Mango and Passionfruit Cheesecake
pork / pork-kimchi dumplings
Chilli and Cornbread Muffins
dumplings with a cheese and spinach filling, topped with baked salmon, roasted broccoli, and a cream sauce
Ramen with pork, szechuan chicken and vegetables
Persimmons and Burrata salad with Pomegranate Seeds and Sesame Candy.
Sunday roast.
Bacon swiss burger on a toasted potato roll. Yum.
Goat Cheese Salad w Homemade Creamy Honey Balsamic Dressing
Chicken Roulade with green beans
'Why man-made, not human-made?' questions young girl in viral video - DNA India
cakemix cookies.
Shrimp Curry
Scramble
Lamb noodles tonight
Classic Cheesburger!
sous vide corned beef.
Skillet Browned Pork Sausages
veggie chili with poached eggs
turkey, green beans, stuffing and gravy sandwich.
Sausage cornbread
Sushi form MoonSha Japanese restaurant in Derby.
swedish meatballs and egg noodles
Baked Chicken Cordon Bleu
Pecan sticky buns
Burger and roasted broccoli and bacon
Ternera a la jardinera
Yogurt Bowl
Tartiflette
Vegan sausage, Caldo Verde
Potato bread.
Lobster Pasta 🦞 @mtlhousewife
Cherry Christmas Cakes
Pommes Anna
Carrot Cake Cupcakes with Cream Cheese Frosting
Reuben Burger and Sweet Tater Tots
Legendary sandwich.
Monkey Bread and Applewood Bacon
mango raspado with tajin and chamoy sauce from my local street corn vendor
Bone in ribeye &amp; veggies grilled over wood charcoal
smoked salmon on fried sourdough starter
3 day lasagna
Macaroni and Jeezy (ricotta and cottage cheese)
Tuscan Chicken with Fettuccine
lemon ricotta buttermilk pancakes with blueberry compote and powdered sugar
seasonal assortment
Salt &amp; Pepper Deep Fried Flounder Canton Style🐟
Saddle, Ham and baked sweetbread of lamb with creamy morelles and onion jam
Chengdu dry pot 干锅 with frogs legs and langoustine
chicharron pupusas and pork tamales.
Crinkly and Gooey Double Chocolate Cookies
Everything Jamaican Jerk, Redlands California
Thick cookie with toffee, macadamian nuts, white and milk chocolate.
egg, cheese, hot sauce, beacon toast
smoked bacon
Chocolate Crackles
Chicken and Dumpling soup
soba and tempura
Dan Dan Noodles Inspired Popcorn
Cioppino with clams, mussels, crab
Cinnamon crepes
This is what 8cs of bacon looks like cooked 😋 👌 😳 🥓 🥓 🥓
Spinach Ricotta Gnocchi with Sweet Italian Sausage Ragu sauce.
cream egg anyone? Being treated at the office
My attempt at chicken ramen!
Onions
Grilled cheese sourdough bread with French onion soup.
- Eden on Celebrity Edge Dinner
A simple pasta and homemade marinara sauce
Totoro black sesame and matcha roll cake
Chocolate cake!
lil charc board for girls night
Siren Head, Among Us, Piggy and Granny in a BATTLE for WC - Game Tik Eat...
nachos
Mini strawberry white chocolat cheesecake.
Toddler Pulls Off the Greatest Crib Escape Ever Caught in Viral Video - Fatherly
Pepperoni and Meatball Pizza on Crescent Roll Dough
Roasted Butternut Squash Ravioli Recipe
Tacos de pollo with crumbled cotija cheese
beef Wellington😋
Swedish meatballs...
Short ribs
Sauteed portobello and garlic in arrabbiata sauce, kielbasa, thyme and goat cheese.
raspberry curd tart with candied lemons and raspberries, meringue, and edible glitter
Egg Curry &amp; Gulab Jamuns
farfalle with sausage, leeks, kale, and red wine
Bucatini with Marcela Hazan’s tomato sauce
Dark chocolate Valentines cake
Smoked ribs and macaroni and cheese
Hmong sausage, sticky rice, pho, egg rolls, lao papaya salad, and spring rolls not pictured.
"" pea and cauliflower with masala
Best No-Soak Instant Pot Rajma
Mojo Pork with fixin's
Steak and chips. The steak looks like an upvote.
Pho. What is the #1 rule in eating pho? -taste the broth before anything else.
protein pancakes with granola, berries and Nutella
Potato Onion and Egg Fry
Peposo (Tuscan stewed beef) on polenta
chicken parm
Cheese Scones
vegetable pot pie soup with pie crust "croutons"
Poached salmon within student's budget
Connecticut Style Lobster Rolls
Curry and Rice
AOC: Ocasio-Cortez says she is sexual assault survivor - BBC News
seafood platter for 2, no regrets.
McGriddle sandwich. Pancake bun with maple syrup, Morningstar veggie sausage patty, duck bacon, American white cheddar, scrambled egg and a maple syrup reduction drizzle.
Check out my YT channel!
Bookmakers toast
Pinakbet (Filipino food)
Birria de res
Bear-shaped mini pizzas
Thai Chicken Green Curry
French Onion Soup in my new crocks.
Beet, Goat Cheese, Honey and Pistachio salad with a bit of orange zest
Sweet potato fries with dipping sauce
Charcuterie board....
Chocolate Halloween Bonbons
Entered a food competition - Kurt
Taco Penne Pasta with diced tomatoes, jalapeños and sour cream
Ghost Pepper Matar Paneer!
Cheese corn pizza
Lebanese Grapefruit Salad
Panakota With Quince Sweet Recipe-Panakota Homemade Easy Recipe
Thanksgiving Turkey Dinner
Spicy Pork Naan Wraps
Pearl Barley salad
All-American Pot Roast w/ Gravy
Avocado Toast - Roasted Red Peppers and Goat Cheese
Skirt Steak w/ Chimichurri sauce x Roasted Potatoes
Tika the Iggy Talks Her Viral TikTok Video, Lizzo, and Why She ‘Loved It, Couldn’t Wear It’ - Vogue
Avacado Berry Toast, side with softly fresh boil egg and sweet delicious peach🍑. I use Sprouts toast as base.
"" Spent Christmas alone: Homemade Potato and Corn Chowda
Baked Chicken Tenders with Mashed Potatoes and Gravy
prociutto salami tomato pizza i made!
BLTO on Pumpernickel (sans mayo)
Chicken pizza
Authentic Chinese Beef Noodle Soup (牛肉刀削面)
Japanese Hambagu (hamburger steak)
Eggs, bacon and Blueberries on waffles with maple syrup 😋🥓🍳🧇
breakfast hash using leftover homestyle potatoes.
Kiwi Smoothie
Man Being Thrashed In Viral Video Is Not Stand-up Comic Munawar Faruqui - BOOM
Fire Cider
Rice with Coconut Sambola, Dhal and Potatoes Curry
Tasty Samosa - Indian Snack - Easy to make
Fondant coated Terry's chocolate orange in bear form.
Cedar planked salmon with balsamic/ honey Brussels and a loaded potato 👌🏽
- White Chocolate Macadamia Nut Cookies
KFC Bowl. Thick cut shredded cheese, breaded chicken, mashed potatoes, gravy and corn! (Can Barely see the potatoes. Sorry not sorry. Love my cheese!
Stuffed Cabbage and Keilbasa
Kamayan Feast
Simple Roast Chicken
dim sum with beef bulgogi bao buns, short rib pot stickers; pork soup dumplings and veggie spring rolls
Mutton Korma I Mughlai Mutton Qorma I Shahi Mutton Korma Recipe I Restau...
Crispy, Crunchy, Nashville-Style Hot Chicken With Spicy Slaw and Hot Honey Butter
meatballs in tomato sauce.
elephant foot yam. Cast iron does it's magic, yet again.
Parmesan and basil scones to go with hamburger soup
Octo, Blood Orange, Mint, Oregano, Chilli, Paprika
Oven fried buffalo wings, Kenji style
grilled steak with veggies.
Scrambled Duck Egg in Toast with Honey and Bourbon Sauce
tandoori masala duck wings
Japanese Ramen
Bresse Chicken w/ Morels &amp; Vin Jaune + Herb Pilaf
Blueberry Muffins
Roast belly pork dinner.
handmade pasta with porcini mushroom
Charcuterie. Smoked tuna dip, cheese ball, pepperoni, cheddar cheese, crackers, and wine.
Schwarzwälder Kirsch Torte
Want a Divorce? Try Cameo to Break the News - The New York Times
LA Galbi
a full Yemeni lunch i had in 1996 with my parents
Bachelor food. Browned ground beef, jalapenos, and spaghetti sauce in a cheap hot dog bun.
Snowbits made of marshmallow, biscuits, nuts and dried cranberry
Pierogies, Kielbasa and Green Beans With Bacon and Onions
Cinnamon and Coriander Acorn Squash, Maple Dijon Chicken breast, Caramelized Maple Dijon onions, and Green Beans
beef udon
spicy ramen
Basic banger rice and tea
kimchi soup with pork and tofu (and chubby ricecake)
Challah baguette
Beefaroni, using rotini elbows, ground beef, and tomato sauce.
Shakshouka and Moroccan mint tea
Spicy BBQ wings.
pumpkin soup with added ginger, parsley, chilly oil and smoked cheese
Pork Pad Thai ผัดไทย
Can’t get to the pub because of lockdowns, so I brought the pub to me.
Fish and chips.
3 AirPods upgrades I want Apple to make this year - CNET Ube burnt basque cheesecake
Okonomiyaki
I made my famous Green Chili!
Yam cake topped with Leche Flan
cheddar crusted chicken with loaded mashed potatoes
Airfryed Jalapeno poppers. Greek cream cheese, mexican cheese blend, chopped bacon, garlic and pepper.
I’m a simple man...when it’s 3 degrees outside....I make chili.
smoked meat and asparagus eggs Benedict with duck fat potatoes
Wild mushroom pasta
Green Shakshuka (more in comments)
Chicken tonkatsu &amp; curry
After being inspired by and getting tips from u/Soonermagic10...the results. Smoked brisket on the Big Green Egg
Baked chicken breasts with marinara and mozzarella
Giant ‘Nduja meatball, spaghetti pomodoro, parmigiana &amp; pangrattata
Supa cu galusti (Romanian version of Matzah ball soup)
Mesquite rotisserie chicken.
Panang chicken curry!
BBQ Chicken w/Homemade Fries, Mushrooms and Shallots
cornbread in the cast iron, makes that crust so good.
Halloween Brownies!
Green Curry with Seared Shrinp and Naan bread
chili oil in varying degrees of spiciness with fried shallots and garlic
some pies that looks like pizza but it's not pizza but it taste like heaven. It's super fast and easy and so delicious
Brasstown beef ribeye, crimini beurre blanc, garlic and butter baked potato, steamed asparagus
Pasta Casserole  My shot for Instagram
"Make perfect apple pie recipe at home without oven||ఆపిల్ పై ఇంట్లో ఓవెన...
Herb crusted rack of lamb on carrot puree, roasted asparagus and potato pave with compound butter
Chicken Quesadillas
I ate Indian
Mini desserts for Christmas Eve celebrations!
Made roast beef sandwich from the steak the other day
Tried the "Flatten the Bird" by Mandy Lee
Smoked kielbasa, sour cream, and fresh chives on a cheesy baked potato.
Senegalese Yassa Fish with Couscous
cheeseburger with giardiniera mayo
I made tres leches cake with edible rose buds
Everything homemade burger
bagel pizzas
Vegetable chow mein
Chile Chicken and Mashed Potatoes
brisket biscuits!! Brisket, American cheese,egg,Alabama white sauce on a biscuit
Ropa vieja empanadas
Hazelnut chocolate cake
My goose is cooked!
Dutch fried fish (kibbeling)
Delta 8 Sour Ribbons Edible Gummies ""
Mushroom thyme chicken thighs with Rigatoni E Olio
My earliest attempt at flan :D
Steak &amp; Lobster
Vegetables can’t feel pain they say...
loaded potato soup
Traditional Irish Stew
Cherry Scooby Doo Pie with Orange Sanding Sugar
Spicy cod with avocado salsa &amp; crispy rösti
Fish with herbs, lemon and butter
Cream puff swan
kimchi + spam fried rice
orange rolls
Braised pork belly on carrot, onion and garlic basmati rice.
bistec encebollada con arroz y habichuelas / beef steak with caramelized onions and rice and beans
Gnocchi baked with tomato sauce and copious amounts of cheese (mozzarella, parmigiano, ricotta, gorgonzola)
Peppermint Marshmallows
Animal Cracker Cookies
Duck magret, Veal demi glace, Fermented carrot puree, Pepper squash a la mostarda, Roasted pumpkin
Perfectly cooked scrambled eggs on bagel half
Cheddar, Gruyere and Smoked Gouda Baked Mac and Cheese
Greek feta chicken with garlic roasted asparagus
Baked Apple Cider Donuts
Egg white, pepper, onion, tomato omelet. Turkey bacon and slow cooked pork.
Chicken soup season
Meatloaf with classic ketchup brown sugar glaze
Garlic butter chicken and gnocchi with buttered naan
M&amp; M Cookies
Al pastor tacos with homemade corn tortillas
smoked pepper raita
Mozzarella Meatballs
Hot dog with homemade buns
Pumpkin Soup with Spider Web Cream, Bone-breadstick
Smoked Pastrami
Chicago deep dish
Spicy Noodles
Sourdough pizza Margherita+Buffalo Mozzarella
Panallets
Coronavirus vaccine: Women more likely to suffer COVID-19 vaccine side-effects, here's why - Times of India
- Creamy butter garlic pasta with pan seared seasoned Swai
Lemon Cupcakes with Vanilla Buttercream
Double smoked spiral hame with a dijon mustard, brown sugar, honey glaze.
Gingerbread Cookies!!
Potato Dauphinoise
Chicken burger with mozzarella sticks!
Smoked Cornish Game Hen
Double cheeseburger and fries
Bon Bon Bon Apple tea
Steamed mussels and sourdough bread for New Years Day
Sturgeon mousse
Smoked Turkey Legs
Avocado Everything Bagel w/ Mochaccino
Master Class Gordon Ramsay  made this after watching the show on masterclass website. Crispy Duck with Red Endive and Spinach!
Taiwanese Turkey Rice
Fruit &amp; Cream
Cheeseburger What Tony Stark loves! aka Spider Chef
Charcuterie. Table edition.
chicken Katsu curry. Frying the chicken in the airfryer is such a game changer!
Baked Macaroni
Bun Bo Hue
Fish winter special
quiche and tarte bourdaloue
brown butter and maple pumpkin cinnamon sugar cookies!
Wagyu/Black Angus club steak
Nutella Macarons
mocha icecream with mocha cookies.
a bacon, ham, and egg burger with a side of fries.
Hyderabadi mutton biryani
Jalapeno Popper Pigs In A Blanket
Barbecue Chicken Wrap
My dinner
Caramel Iced latte with homemade whipped cream
Miscommunication occurred, going to need some recipes with pepperoni and brie
Prime rib steak with chimichirri.
Cured whitefish salad, avocado &amp; a crispy hash brown
no bake strawberry cheesecake bites with grape ape cannabutter
an Ice cream Sandwich at 3:00 am
Smoked turkey and duck for Thanksgiving today
Easy Mille Feuille Recipe - Μιλφειγ Σοκολατας Τσακ Μπαμ
Nothing better than a simple thin crust pan pizza. Hope y'all like it
Hummus, Tabbouleh, Shawarma with Falafel and Tzatziki Sauce
Maple Glazed Mini Muffin Donuts
Angry Customer Snatches Mask off McDonald's Worker in Viral Video - Newsweek
Leek, Potato, Goat Cheese &amp; Pistachio Galette
Butter and Spices (before mixing)
Beetroot Tartare
Sushi Roll - Salmon, Crab, Shrimp, Cucumber &amp; Avocado
Salmon with garlic lemon butter and vegetables
Gotta love a good Kosher Deli, Pickled Tongue on Rye with spicy Brown Mustard.
lemon drizzle cake with candied lemons
immersion blender chicken nuggets with homemade mayo and sugar free ketchup
the Most delicious stew in the universe
Karela Curry
" potato filled with cheese
Standing Rib Roast. 225 forever and then a reverse sear.
Calories in 2 slice(s) of Pizza - Deep Dish Pepperoni.
Fajitas!
Japanese Curry
Peanut Butter Chocolate Chunk
Tri-tip Steak and veggies
I made smoked chickens
beef carpaccio with pine nuts, Parmesan and wild rocket
Sean Collins - Steak Tartare, Steakhouse S1:E2
Moroccan eggplant and tomato dip
Coffee Butter
Japanese cotton/souffle Cheesecake
Christmas eve prime rib dinner
Steak w/mustard horseradish
charcuterie plate
Roast chicken with carrots and potatoes
Fried Pig Intestine when I was in the Philippines last year. bought it for only Php15 ($0.35) /stick in a place called Morayta in Manila. it is best when paired with vinegar. Can't wait to taste it again in the future.
Thanksgiving Spread with Cranberry Sauce, Buttery Cauliflower Mash, Creamed Spinach, Green Bean Casserole, and Bacon Wrapped Brussels Sprouts
Sous vide lemon and rosemary salmon, baked carrots, quinoa and smoked mashed butternut squash
Pasta Aglio Oglio
miso, matcha tea and peanut butter browny
Charcuterie
a tribute burger.
Hong Kong Street food style Cheong Fun with fish balls in peanut butter and soy sauce
Detroit Style Pizza w/ Green Olives (from Biga)
jiaozi aka potstickers aka poppers
Smoked Pork Tenderloin, Cheesy Polenta, and Sunburst Squash
Meaty pizza
Balsamic Heirloom Tomato &amp; "Ricotta" Galette
Pizza with Alfredo Sauce
“Chicken” sandwich abomination from Popeyes
Butter Cookies
Souse Vide stew meat and mushrooms with fried egg over easy
Stuffed peppers
kaprese salad
Beef Bourguignon &amp; Mashed Potato
vegan charcuterie
a 1 pound burger
mushroom and onion quiche
Cheese omelette, bacon and homemade, toasted sourdough bread
Sausage Gravy and Biscuits
Egg, Cheese and Andouille Breakfast Bagel
I’m 16 and I made this cheesecake.
Simple No-Pizzastone weekday Pizza
Chicken Marsala with fresh made pasta
Lechon for thanksgiving
Ready for fall with some pumpkin seed chocolate cupcakes and ginger chai
Snow Cheesecake - Littlechef's Cotton Soft Cake
a fish sandwich in Naples (ITA). This one has marinated salmon, stracchino cheese and bitter-sweet cabbage.
Cupcakes
DONUT
bahn mi sammies good god these were so good
Chocolate mousse pie with chocolate leaves for Autumn!
citrus tart 🍊🍋
Bacon Cheddar Muffin
two different moussaka for dinner. One with lentils instead of meat and one with beyond beef. Loved the lentils. The beyond beef tasted very much like regular beef.
Potica
Vggie Rice out bowl. Substituted Tofu with grilled chicken and subsituted Thai curry sauce with Butter chicken sauce.
Rosemary foccacia
😋😛
Ricotta Cheese
Cereal. Took the day off in the kitchen and now I’m making faces in my Cheerios like a kid.
Ramen with  noodles
Minestrone Soup 💖
Tuna/Salmon Poke Bowl
Steak salad and veggies
Beef Stew in Bread Bowl 🥩 🥖
Eggs benedict with salmon/bacon
Honey cake or Medutis (in Lithuanian)
Cinnamon Buttermilk Pancakes topped with Apple Bourbon Compote
Chickenbyrds, stuffed with herbs garlic fennel onion and lemon, seasoned with KosmosQ Killer Bee Rub.
Chorizo scrambled eggs, bacon, pork chops and potatoes
chicken curry, rice and naan
Steak and Shiitake mushrooms
Mortadella Sandwiches with Tomato Vinaigrette
Okonomiyaki!
drunken mussels/clams, freshly baked baguette,organic charcuterie and fresh shucked oysters.
Potato, Baby Peas, Vanilla Ice Cream, Salt, Onion Powder, Tarragon.
PaniPuri aka Gol Guppa
double stack and tater tots
Taikyaki aka Japanese Fish Waffles (Americanized with butter and maple syrup)!
Japanese shabu shabu hotpot
Smoked pastrami sandwich made from scratch.
Lemon &amp; Ricotta Pancakes
Choc. peanut butter brownies with creamcheese frosting
Sourdough bread roll
lemon bars
Anyone wants some Pumpkin Bread/Cake ?
Vanilla Cupcakes
Tuna, siracha and avocado tartare. With a wasabi mayo and chilli vinaigrette, also homemade.
Eaton Mess
Scallops,Broccoli, and angel hair with white cream sauce. This was on the fly and missing crucial ingredients. However I feel I pulled it off lol.
Lemon Honey Chicken
hot chocolate with a heck ton of whipped cream
Stuffed artichokes.
mac and cheese!
Apple &amp; Hickory smoked bacon.
Chicken biryani
Pan-seared salmon with dill-cream sauce, risotto and broccoli
Patatas bravas
Thin crust cast iron pizza
Tastiness
Beef and Lamb Meatballs
Yellow peach salad
Les Oeufs Jeanette ~
Octopus a feira.
French Fries in Japan
MARKET LIVE: Indices at days high, Sensex up 200 pts
fish, potato and salad
Fancy doughnuts
Lancashire Butter Pie
Chocolate chip brownie cheesecake
Pork steak with fries
Ottelenghi's pasta and roasted Butternut in warm yogurt sauce
French Onion Soup and Truffle Cream Pasta
walnut?
Bacon, Eggs, and Hash Browns.
Pickled Watermelon Carpaccio with tarragon brined feta cheese
Vietnamese lemongrass porkchop with Chinese sausage fried rice and hot chili oil
Homestyle biscuit chicken pot pie
chicken club sandwich
Banana Blueberry Muffins Airfried
Lemon Blueberry Bread #firsttime 😄 it turned out pretty good imo 😋
T-bone, ribeye steak, and gambas al Ajillo for my father-in-law’s b-day. Sorry for Too-many-dashes.
Red wine Beef Ragu w/ Pappardelle
Red Wine Braised Beef Chuck with Sauteed mushrooms and onions, rutabaga puree and pan jus.
Happy meal from the back seat of my car
, Rose bread
Pumpkin Cheesecake
Black cocoa cream puff "smoke bombs". Filled with lapsang souchong/black cardamom/chocolate pastry cream, and hickory-smoked toasted whipped cream.
tri-tip steak sandwich
pickled jalapeño
Ukrainian breakfast of a dream
Kitten ASMR / MUKBANG ft Dad Cat
round braided poppy seed challah
beef chili
Blueberry-lemon muffins
https://ift.tt/2YkWEfE
Christmas Eve breakfast
Sautéed veggies in hurd curd with purple cabbage... on toast
pav bhaji
Fresh pasta with my new pasta maker!
smashed avo, halloumi, chorizo, tomato and egg on toast.
Hamburger and Herb Enfused Fries. Pretty proud of myself ngl
mini ferrero rocher cheesecake
It took 4.5 days, but I finally made my gingerbread house of my dreams.
Cheesy, spicy chicken over crispy rice
sweet and sour tofu over jasmine rice
Hokkaido pumpkin and red lentils curry
Grilled cheddar and Christmas ham sandwich with home fermented cabbage and peppers
Chocolate chip cookies!
Chicken pie
bucatini carbonara, Brussel sprouts, steak
Fruit Rosewater Jelly Orange No Bake Cheese Cake
butternut squash soup
Salmon and Mashed Sweet potatoes! With a good ol A&amp;W can.
spinach dip chicken
Penne with a roast tomato, basil and garlic sauce with spinach and mushrooms. Topped with Parmesan.
Berry Swirl Cheesecake
some lovely dog meat in Vietnam. Super tasty.
Waffles with Blueberry Compote and whipped Cream
reverse sear prime rib
Vanilla Sweet Potato Custard Cake with Blueberry Topping
pasta newbie!
Chashu Pork Ramen (with Nori, sautéed bok choy, spiced roasted tomatoes, fresh green onions, fresh chiles)
Porterhouse cut with eggnoodle primavera, fried Brussels and an old-fashioned gastrique
Cheggs, which are Easter eggs filled with Cheesecake
Mushroom &amp; chive risotto
Perfectly Done Buttery Buns
https://ift.tt/35TYmZs
Secret pizza recpes
Pancakes topped w/ Bananas, Walnuts, Maple Syrup &amp; Whipped Cream w/ Cinnamon, &amp; Eggs
Venison Kimchi Fries
banana cream pie
Chicken Egg Ham Sandwich
beef ramen
Creamy Garlic Tuscan Salmon
Full English. full Scottish
Smoked Ribeye, along with pork ribs, rice dressing &amp; a steak roll!
Texas chili with cinnamon rolls and cornbread
Eye Round Roast Beef
Shepard’s Pie with a golden, crisp mash topping and mince deglazed with a can of stout
Fried eggplants with seasoned pork.
chocolate gifts for my fam&amp;friends
Cosmic Brownie
Corned Beef Reuben with fires
Happy Thanksgiving! Hickory Smoked Turkey
Thank you Nutter Butter, really cool
Red Beans and Rice
co
Low Country Seafood Boil
Wild Caught Salmon Grilled Over Charcoal
Hand painted monarch butterfly cookie
"Carnitas-Style" Shredded Chicken
Focaccia with cherry tomatoes and kalamata olvives, very springy
smash burger with gouda and fried onions and mushrooms, lettuce, tomato and onion slices, mayo and ketchup as sauce
Christmas dinner, prime rib
Cozinhando ASMR - Fazendo LEGO HAMBURGER na vida real - Unusual Stop Mot...
Smoked sausage, tortellini and spinach soup
pancakes eggs and sausage
Prawn Wontons
Hearty Vegetable Soup
Ghost pepper hot sauce
Watercolor Vanilla Cake w/ Buttercream and White Chocolate Drip!
One Pan English Breakfast
Cardamom cake with whipped cream frosting and gulab jamuns
roast beef toasted wrap
Hobbit Day Feast Part 2: Second Breakfast - broiled "tomatoes, sausage, nice crispy bacon," fried eggs, mushrooms, apples
Chocolate Oreo cake w/ Oreo buttercream in the middle.
Red Lotus Seed Paste Mooncake with Salted Egg Yolk
Cast iron deep dish supreme
cheeseburgers! Quick and easy dinner.
Sous-vide Prime Rib
mozzarella, meatballs and tomato sauce for meatball subs (on wheat) with some imported parmigiano reggiano
Birthday cake for our daughter made wifey
Turtle-shaped Melon Pan!
Just churros nothing special about it, but would appreciate a like 👍 hope you like this post have a good day
Paella
The start of a delicious chicken parm.
New York Steak, Sweet Potato Gnocchi in White Wine Sauce, and Caprese Asparagus
Malai Cream Chicken!!!
I just can't with Noodle's face
Thai Red Mussles
Mutton Yakhni Pulao Recipe | Degi Yakhni Pulao Recipe | Mutton Pulao
What is this berry ?
Chicken Francese

Tako (Octopus) Kushikatsu
Pho Bo.
Linguine &amp; Clams
Pan Seared Halibut (Butter Basted)
Tomato Caprese with homemade pesto.
Sourdough Boules
Chocolate Orange Lava Cake
A BLT with Cubano Bread
Chicken with Cherry Tomatos and Pecorino
Garden Caprese with Pesto
porchetta
Nutella Mousse Parfaits!
cheeseburgers &amp; chips
smoked chuck roast chili
Bigger Big Mac
Pandan coconut milk brioche with pandan coconut butter
Calories in 425 grams of Kebab Beef.
Soft Pretzels and Chicken Wings
beef ribeye steak
Pad Thai, sorry in advance for the egg noodles!
Pinchos
Beef stew with mashed cauliflower
Couscous
Liquid nitrogen leak at Georgia poultry plant kills 6 - The Associated Press
Carrot Cupcakes for Breakfast
Naruto sugar cookies
Vegetable Soupish topped with Tofu, steamed Cauliflower and carrots and some cilantro
Lemon Meringue Pie
crab bisque.
Watch: Paulina Gretzky’s New TikTok Video Is Going Viral - The Spun
A Pancake Breakfast
Swedish Meatballs, Gravy
Sous vide-confit-gochujang wings with carrot and cucumber salad
Peanut Butter Chocolate Cake
Shahi Tukra
scampi, DimSum, pakchoi and mushrooms with a soya &amp; koriander dip
An English persons' American biscuits
Sweet Potato biscuits and gravy with Dan Dan gravy.
breakfast vegetables egg roll n paratha
Stuffed Mushrooms
Chicken Quesadilla w/salsa
Triple Berry Pie
Crispy Roasted Pork Belly
Smoked and Seared Pork Tenderloin
Don’t tell anyone the crust is made from cauliflower they will never know
Mushroom manchurian
Delicious!
🥰 Perfect Prime Rib ★★★★★
I made cauliflower fritters that look like Pac-Man!
Brioche French Toast
Smarties on pizza
beef filet, red wine reduction, saffron risotto and brussel sprouts
Chicken and potato pie
Roasted Tomato Pesto
Brisket Point
Monster school: KLUNA TIK Eating MINECRAFT for Dinner In Real Life #1 - ...
Halo Halo (Ice, Caramel Flan, Purple Yam Ice Cream, Jackfruit Gel, Tapioca Pearls, Red Bean, Coconut Strips, Palm Nuts and Rice Flakes)
Make French Baguettes I How to make French Bread at home
Hickory Smoked Beef Ribs, Potato &amp; Stuffed Mushrooms w/ Crispy Smashed Brussel Sprouts
Fish with salad and rice
Garlic and sea salted fried Tuna steaks with pineapple salsa and homemade chips
here u go. has c oo kie for u
Crispy Cheesy Fried Chicken
Baby Portobello Mushrooms stuffed with a cream cheese, sour cream, garlic powder, pepper, and salt mixture. Topped with shredded cheddar, then air fried.
Butternut squash breakfast hash
Noodles with hotdog bits and an egg
spaghetti Cacio de Pepe
My very try using an oven by myself. I made an apple cake
Coffee and dark chocolate ice cream with a croissant waffle.
Valencian paella
roasted chicken
Buttermilk Banana Bread
chicken thighs and zucchini
I made Chocolate cupcakes with Pumpkin Cakepop toppers
Pork, caramelised onion, broccoli, fennel &amp; thyme sausage rolls
Chickpea spaghetti
Cheese Pizza Pani puri
Banana Pudding :D
Porterhouse Feast
Pumpkin spice chicken (actually butter chicken).
I make food compilation videos. Let me know if you like it :)
Fried chicken
Beet tartare
kung pao chicken (very good)
Cheese, fruit and crackers board.
“” wrap after work please be nice
India vs England, 2nd Test: Ravichandran Ashwin Becomes First Bowler To Dismiss 200 Left-Handers In .. - NDTVSports.com
Milk bread
Capitol physician says lawmakers may have been exposed to Covid-19 during riot lockdown - NBC News
Butter chicken with basmati rice.
Salt and Chilli Chips
Beef Stew with Roasted Potatoes
Oven-fried Hot Chicken with Red Cabbage Coleslaw and Creamy Mashed Potatoes
Fruit Trifle: poached pears, strawberries, raspberries with butterscotch pudding
Steaks
spicy Hot Pot
Cacio de pepe  pasta. Noodles too thin.
Carrot and dry fruits salad.
Ribeye and Shrimp with a baked yam
babyback ribs.
Aloo Dum
Lemon cream filled pistachio croissant
Sweet and Sour Ribs
Hoppin John
Roasted chicken(:
Pumpkin Puff Pastry Pockets
Chicken and Chinese sausage in soy
Mushroom and Asparagus on Purée
when i'm about to make an omelette
Keto mozzarella sticks.
Hot Companion for Cold Weather
fish and potatos with beans and bread
Korean Galbi
Pumpkin cheesecake bites
Pambazos de Chorizo
Green chilaquiles w/chicken and egg
Pickled Jalapeños
Chicken drumsticks
Octopus balls
Basil Tomato Soup
Grilled Lobster Tails
Thanksgiving Turduken
Salted PB&amp;J ice cream pie with Ritz cracker crust
Tomato Soup + Cheesy Tiger Bread
Made with milk, butter and sesame seeds on top. Simply melts in the mouth.
Leaning tower of al-pastor
Pozole Verde
Spicy pot stir fry
pumpkin spice cookies
Supreme pizza
Fish and Thrice Cooked Chips
3 egg and cheese omelette with elk breakfast sausage.
Deli Sandwich
Breakfast flatbread (hummus, onion, smoked salmon and capers), and spicy,soft-scrambled eggs
Strawberry Ice Cream Sundae
Eisbein, Butternut &amp; Creamed Spinach
Victoria Sandwich Cake
Al pastor, chiccaron, Mexican cheesesteak, and Nashville Hot chicken tacos.
Whole Fried Red Snapper with Tostones
bacon, egg and cheese sandwich
Bourbon Biscuit Chocolate Brownies
Cheeseburger, with mozzarella sticks and melted cheese sauce
carrot cake
Loaded brisket nachos
at compadres cantina
Friendsgiving Charcuterie Board
This year's  Christmas Grazing Table was on point. Mix of cheeses, meats and dips. No one makes friends with salad.
For the people out there I present you-.. the keto burger !!
Broccoli Quiche  cheese and chicken enchiladas!
My attempt at venison Wellington!
Sticky wings w/homemade coleslaw.
Hakka Fried Yam Abacus with Minced Pork
Sakura roll
a Bloomin’ Onion
dressed up instant Ramen w/ what’s in the fridge
Citrus-Honey-Cilantro Pork Enchi-Latkes
Sugarplums for Christmas
pan fried pork chop, roasted asparagus and salad
Shrimp Scampi
chili oil 🌶🌶🌶
Banoffee Pie w/ Whipped Cream
Corndogs, Crab cakes, Popcorn Shrimp, and Waffle Fries
A Corner store meat loaf hot lunch plate
Dessert Crepes
Ishigaki Okonomiyaki!
Indian Cookie. Parle-G. Wheat flour, sugar, vegetable oils, Glucose, salt.
Vegetable Lasagna
San Antonio Food Bank's urban farm vital to organization's mission - KSAT San Antonio
these doughnuts
stuffed eggs
Chicken Bacon Ranch Panini
a meatball and pepperoni pizza
Apple Rose Pastry
Chipotle chicken bacon ranch on a fresh made hoagie roll
and mostly homegrown Plant Based Brunch
Sous Vide Smoked Brisket
Japanese Lunch.OBENTO
Ribeye Steak &amp; Twice-baked potato with green beans and mushrooms
Butter chicken, basmati rice and spiced peas
Surf and Turf Birthday Dinner: Salmon and sirloin with brussel sprouts, mushrooms and garlic on a bed of basmati rice.
Black Bean Soup, Cornbread, &amp; My Favorite Condiment
Garlic Bread Hot Dogs
Afternoon tea
Japanese sushi boat
I present my Bauble cake with glassy sugar dome, cinnamon chantilly and sponge, caramel tatin apple, vanilla creme pat, hazelnut + biscoff crunch. All plant-based too. Merry Christmas and happy end of 2020!
grilled cheese and creamy tomato soup
Jo chirashi sushi
United Airlines engine explosion over Denver prompts company to ground Boeing 777s - CBS News
Beef and barley stew
American Waygu Prime Rib and Charcuterie Board
Matzo Ball soup. Hadn’t made it or had it before.
french lemon tart (emilie from France)
Vanilla Bean Buttercream Christmas Wreath Cake
Cheese and herb soda bread
Thanksgiving Cinnamon Rolls
Pan seared trout, pea puree and caprese salad
Cheesesteak with a side of tomato sauce
Brunch with Buttermilk Pancakes and Fresh Fruit
Pizza cake
egg in a tiny pan
A colourful plate of beets, lentils, and salad with enjera
Papas con chorizo tacos
Duck breast, lentils, Vichy carrots and shoestring pomme frites
Pesto covered no-chicken soya pieces, samphire cooked in butter and quinoa salad.
Back to the Future sugar cookies
chicken pot pie!
Halloumi Schawarma
italian tagliatelle with porcini
Langoustine Soup
Strange finds in the spice aisle. Not sure I want them in my food. Can anyone share uses or recipes?
avocado toast with tomato, sauteed mushrooms, sunny side up egg and chive blossoms.
a Totino's Party Pizza
Assortment of Sushi
Flan
Tofu
USD $1 Refried Beans, Falafel, Chips, Egg, Salad and 2 Loaves of Fresh Pita in South Sinai, Egypt.
oyster mushroom/beef ragu w/ buccatini
Carrot-Apple-Ginger Juice
Tortellini
mini wontons with a garlic sauce
Burger and fries
Suzy Q donuts
Mediterranean Diet – Moroccan Salad &amp; Chicken Pita (almost)
Foodie here. I just ordered these sunflower seeds that have different flavors. What would you try?  the butter garlic, and suffice to say, it was finished within an hour.
Sprout Salad
lasagne emiliane
(Sloppy) Sweet Potato Shepherd's Pie
Banana Ice Cream with Peanutbutter and Jelly
I mean, who doesnt like brownies with ice cream.
buns
chicken over rice
chicken and pepper pizza
avocado toast
Slutty Cheesecake Bars
Korean BBQ tenderloin, with sides.
Sourdough Baguettes and Kalamata olive Boule
spicy shrimp omelet
Leftover Loin Lamb-chop Gyro
Crispy Roasted Pork Belly
Borscht topped with sour cream, chopped fresh garlic and dill!
Tomato carrot soup with mango
pasta and my Sunday Gravy
Perfect bite of  carbonara
pan seared salmon
Cherry and Pineapple BBQ Ribs
Dog mimics corgi's walk by crawling in hilarious viral video - Fox News
"" Huevos Rancheros
A traditional Korean Daeboreum (full moon) meal
white honey loaf w seed topping
Grandma Pizza
Torchic-ken Rice
Caramel glazed apple with white chocolate and Oreo powder
Grazing board+
Made myself a crab cake burger
Badphoto but..this is one of my fav dishes atm. (shallots, coriander, garlic, chilli.) then dipped in peanut sauce (sesame oil, chilli, hoisin, peanut.)
Jerk chicken, ackee, pan fried okra, rice and peas, fried plantains, fried jerk halloumi and callaloo.
individual turkey pot pie
Mini Valentine's Day Cuppycakes
shrimp &amp; bacon mac and cheese
Green Goddess Chicken Pita!
Air fried fries with garnish of red shallots and a bit of chili powder for that extra kick
I'm Italian and I made Italian-American spaghetti with meatballs
Healthy Bean Salad with Different Dressing
Cacio e pepe and roast chicken
Denver Steak. Quickly becoming my favorite cut of beef to cook.
Fried rice using left over salmon
Lemon cranberry bars
Chessy garlic bread with 3-day aged dough
Chicken Pot Pie
Beef Roast over open fire
Crispy Pork Belly
Arroz Con Gandules, Tostones, and Pollo Pasteles
George Floyd case: Derek Chauvin trial jury selection to begin as defense preps state Supreme Court petition - Fox News
triple cheeseburger
Portuguese style roasted fish and potatoes
Jharkhand: In viral video, BJP MLA backs cybercriminals of Jamtara, his constituency - The New Indian Express
gluten free pancakes with eggs and thick cut pancakes.
Vadouvan chicken
Korean short ribs
Pancit
Belgian Bun and Fudge
Tonkotsu ramen for Christmas
pizzas
Crispy Ragi Dosa Recipe in Telugu క్రిస్పీ రాగి దోస ఆరోగ్యకరమైన బ్రేక్ ఫాస్ట్ రెసిపీ 10ని||ల్లో
Carrot Juice with only 3 simple Ingredients
Egg croissants with fried prosciutto and kraft singles.
Viral Videos: Parrot Singing Led Zeppelin - WCCB Charlotte
Pulled Pork Hash
I made dry aged black angus beef covered in slow cooked homemade bone broth
Spicy BBQ wings I made last night.
vada pav
Sichuan boiled fish
🇫🇮 Week 37 - Finland - Karjalanpiirakka (Karelian Pies) with tofu "egg" salad
BBQ Jackfruit Sandwich
Southern style macaroni and cheese
Deep dish pizza
Grilled steak with mushrooms and side of fiddleheads
T-Bone medium rare
Creamy Cheese Aata Maggie
CNY/LNY Spread From Last Night
Turkey roast Happy Canadian Thanksgiving
Sirloin Steak with garlic butter and Chicken Skewers
Appetizer setup
Low country boil served in a cooler.
Cow Tongue after one day in refrigerator.
Sandwiches (bread, ketchup, sausages, tomatoes, pepper, cheese)
Thai Tea Flan with Boba
quick breakfast
Piadina ravennate with prosciutto and stracchino.
smoked pork chop
Join Star-Ledger's Food Writer for a Tour of NJ on Mon., 12/14 @11 am. ! To register go to: https://uplnj.org/event/food-diners-new-jersey-and-so-much-more-a-conversation-with-peter-genovese/
Male season in germany
Pulled chicken cacciatore (chicky catch) on polenta cakes
Sous Vide Filet Mignon over wild mushroom polenta with roasted carrots and asparagusChina shuts down viral video claiming to be of anal swab recipients - Yahoo Finance Australia
Baked eggs with tomatoes, harissa and chickpeas
White chocolate cake with raspberry and dark chocolate ganache fillings
NY Strip, pan sauce with onion, rosemary, garlic and mustard seed, mashed potatoes with garlic confit, and honey bacon roasted brussel sprouts
Detroit style pizza
Beer battered onion peddles with a horse radish outback sauce
Delicious Street Tacos
The ULTIMATE  Banana Bread Recipe. ALWAYS Comes out perfect! Just a few simple ingredients.
bibimbap :)
Ricotta and Blue Cheese Pizza
cake for our daughter’s second birthday.
Red wine short ribs candied veggies and garlic taters
red wine braised short ribs with charred broccolini and mashed potatos
chicken quesadilla
Chicago Hot Dog
Neapolitan Mousse with a Brownie Bottom and Chocolate Ganache
SUV-big rig crash kills more than a dozen in Imperial County - Los Angeles Times
a lot of wagyu recently and that led me to start a wagyu page called @tokyomeats on Instagram. It is a great page for steak lovers, please give it a follow.
Char Siu Pork Belly, Garlic Green Beans, Cucumber Salad with Sushi Rice!
Panna Cotta
Meatballs with pasta
honey mustard sauce
Cheeseburger and fries
Brussell Sprout with Kimchi &amp; Bacon
Chewy Pumpkin Chip Cookies
Molten Lava cake with vanilla bean ice cream and red wine ganache
jerk chicken and chorizo sausage with peppers, mushroom, onion &amp; spinach.
Braised pork rice
King crab, sea scallop, and shrimp paella
tian on gorgonzola polenta
seabass
Phyllo halloumi parcels on sweet potato mesh
toasted sourdough w/ siracha, crushed avocado, sautéed plum tomatoes and fried egg.
Food-Tech | Paano lutuin ang Nilagang Baboy | ""
butter chicken tikka masala &amp; flavoured rice.
Mango Curry Chicken and Naan Bread
spatchcocked roasted chicken
Chocolate cookies with mint chocolate topping
Nachos Supreme
I made this breakfast for my kid for her opening day of virtual school: French toast, griddled center cut bacon, watermelon, whipped cream, maple syrup, powdered sugar.
Snickers Millionaire’s Shortbread
takis and ground beef with rice
BBQ sandwich; brisket, pulled pork, smoked sausage, cheese, haystack onions
Buckwheat-Honey-Glazed Game Hen
Chelsea Buns
slow smoked/quick seared tomahawk ribeye with home fries and honey ginger carrots
It’s stew season, mafakkas!
• MINESTRONE SOUP• It is a thick soup of Italian origin made with vegetables, often with the addition of pasta or rice, sometimes both. Common ingredients include beans, onions, celery, carrots, stock, and tomatoes.
3 inch thick prime rib
Chicken Parmesan and Spaghetti
mini apple pies
Seared bay scallops with bacon spinach and “Fleming’s potatoes.”
black angus burger w/ foie gras, blueberry jam, and brie
Avocado Toast. One with a fried egg and the other with prosciutto
Cheeseburger, corn and scalloped potatoes
Special Pulihora Dosa
Grilled tuna, olives and cheese on toast.
Spicy Pork Noodle Soup
Spam musubi.
ปาท่องโก๋ pathong go (thai-style chinese doughnut)
You showed me your Ratatouille, here is mine
pad thai
Spanish Tortilla!
salmon poke
bun cha (grilled pork and noodle)
Lobster rolls
grassfed beef burger topped with sauerkraut, beets, and other ferments!
Huevos Rancheros
Scrambled eggs, hash browns and bacon.
Baked Mac and Cheese!
Pink Himalayan salted chili flake chocolatecupcake
Omelette
Driver who endangered minor caught thanks to viral videos - Euro Weekly News
Shrimp rolls
Nothing too appealing to look at, but a cup of Instant Ramen Noodles with Everything but the Bagel seasoning &amp; some McCormick Brown Gravy Mix is pretty good 👌🏼
Summer Sausage
Cajun Crab Cakes w/ Remoulade from the Defined Dish cookbook!
Strawberry Crepe Cake
Surf and Turf Prime Rib
You guys hungry? :)
The process of making "Tagliatelle al Ragù" (tagliatelle with Bolognese's sauce) 🇮🇹
Domino Dauphinoise
Sausage and Spring onion mash
Crispy sesame beef &amp; fried noodles
Bocadillo de calamares
Japanese fried chicken and beef lunch Set
Fruit Pie made by my gf
Curried Potatoes &amp; Peas
chili!
chocolate orange cake with Jaffa cakes
ribs with 6 layers of glaze
Cast iron Cajun shrimp
I made and I ate some  teriyaki chicken today, and I’m really proud of it! It kind of looks like shit tbh but it tastes great 😊
Salisbury Steak with Mashed Potatoes
yellow cake with chocolate ganache and marshmallow fondant trex head cake
Chinese 馍 (mó)
9 Grain Sourdough Rolls in the oven
chocolate fruit tart
Venison Chili with Habanero Relish &amp; Cotija Cheese
Sear/Sous vide/Sear Roast Beef
Spooky Salami Pizza
Chicken Stock (for Chicken and Dumplings)
Halal chicken over rice
Blueberries, peaches, and sesame seeds dessert. Vegan dessert for non-vegan friends
chicken noodle soup
Watch The Lincoln Project's data-driven viral video, plus a young poet's instant fame by the numbers: Datacenter Weekly - AdAge.com
Ribs and sprouts
Porkburger
Paneer Manchurian (Indo-Chinese)
Bibimbap
Fresh biscuits with sausage gravy
French onion chicken
Instant Pot beef short rib with polenta and slaw
Chicken macron and vegetable soup. It was very tasty.
Sous vide garlic filet and potatoes
Yellow Watermelon
Pazar havasında ve huzurunda Pazartesi kahvaltısı.
Asian-Style Orange Cauliflower
# Delicious Adai Dosha
Chargrilled sweet BBQ Chicken plate w/ grilled buttered corn and beans
seafood pasta!
3 cheese grilled cheese. Swiss, provolone, American cheeses
Duck Pâté en Croûte.
Carrot cake w/candied carrot strips, pecans and brown butter cream cheese icing.
Jumeokbap, the easiest Korean recipe out there. Learn how to make Korean Rice Balls 3 ways 🙂
pizza
maple glazed salmon
salted caramel roulade
After a year without Breonna Taylor, protesters are renewing calls for justice - NBC News
Munch Wrap
Fish and Chips with Tartar Sauce
cooked Dungeness crab
Smashed Burger
Ramen Carbonara top with fried bacon and egg
whole chicken, thoughts!?
Very photogenic and delicious Banana bread!
baja fish tacos on flour tortillas w/ blackened cod
Mini mozzarella quesadilla with Raos marinara sauce
Oreo stuffed chocolate chip cookie
this Nutella pizza
Beef Steak
" Special Dhokla
Andagi
Let's Drink Spinach Juice
veal roulade, baked potatoes and romanesco
Lip smacking chicken platter
Shawarma beef, royal fern, seasoned cucumber, and sesame leaves over rice with avocado cotija salad
fried rice

Spicy mac-n-cheese with bacon bits along with strawberry Fanta.
My mom has a Korean food cooking/baking channel with english subs! This is 꽈배기, a traditional sugar donut :)
two layer sugar cookie cake with cream cheese icing and fresh fruit
Deep fried fries and Impossible cheeseburger w/ avocado
A pancake
hotpot
Wagyu burger on a homemade pretzel roll.
Pan seared NY strip. Based with butter, garlic and thyme.
Jacques and Julia cooking seafood loaf
Tater Tot casserole
Chocolate and hazelnut babka.
Shrimp &amp; grits with chimichurri
Whole-Wheat Bread Sandwich
Braised beef tacos with cilantro/coriander and pickled red onion
BIG MAC!
My roommate makes incredible food but never posts any of it or takes photos (enter me). Casual savory Dutch baby for breakfast.
Filets for my sisters birthday!
Long lines for first weekly food distribution event in Norwich - theday.com
Heteropneustes fossilis Fish Stew with Tomato and Green Chili
Taco Queso Potatoes Loco - seasoned fries topped with Queso dip, taco meat, diced tomatoes, diced chives, sliced jalapeños, Chipotle Mayo, and sour cream, served with salsa
Ice Blue latte recipe by balloon restaurant and cafe ""
high tea...
Roast veg and gravy in a giant Yorkshire Pudding
Pan con tomate
this "Thanksgiving sandwich" (turkey, mayo, stuffing, cranberries, gravy on the side)
Strip steak with Calabrian chili butter and air-fried parmesan brussel sprouts
Spicy Chicken Burrito
King Crab Legs, Calamari, Broccoli Cheese Potatoes and Filet Mignon. Valentine's Dinner
Hostes Chocolate Cupcakes
What are you hiding, Google?
Im addicted to grilling
Pizza made in the Grill
Sushi maki with salmon and caviar sesame
Arepa filled with shredded beef &amp; yellow cheese
Falafel Sandwich
Strawberry Lemon Basil Pie
Seitan Steak, Fried Peppers, Deep Fried Chips, Coconut Mushroom sauce (100% vegan apart from the beer) “”
Piquillo peppers stuffed with cold halibut salad
here is our  fried chicken. yummy yummy. i ate it with joy, hope you enjoy the video...
Capricciosa Pizza
Best Quick and Easy Keto Breakfast Ideas Containing Low
pork chops, rice, string beans and arugula salad.
Birria Tacos
Tiger Sugar Brown Sugar Boba Milk Ice Cream Bar
Hot cheetos límon some 👍 hot chips🥵
Herb crusted oven baked lamb spare ribs
Jack Daniels glaze
NYD Paella

Indian wrap with bhajis and pakora, coronation mayo and shredded salad
Chicken paella
Thai Red Curry Soup
Balsamic-Rosemary Marinated Ribeye Steak, Crispy Potato Stacks, and Roasted Broccolini with Rosemary-Lemon Vinaigrette
carob breadstick
Smoked Spare Ribs, Cole Slaw, and Baked Beans.
Roasted Garlic, Spinach, Prosciutto and Shrimp w/ White Sauce
Spicy shrimp with veggies
Hawaiian Pizza!
Pepperoni bacon health bomb 🍔🥓
Savory Leftover Thanksgiving Stuffing Waffles
Spicy Cumin Lamb with Parsley and Feta cheese
Ham (leftovers from Christmas) and eggs for breakfast
Fresh Fettuccine, Cremini mushrooms, wilted Spinach, Crispy Bacon, and Porcini mushroom cream
Cream cheese cookies
Vuelo de juanitos pulcro
Chewy Double Cocolate Chip Cookies
Air Fried Tilapia
Crab
coleslaw, chips and locally sourced Yorkshire cheeseburger
Oatmeal creme pies
English Breakfast (sort of)
Jake's Vegan Steaks
Cheeseburger casserole
White chocolate and raspberry cupcakes, and Reeses peanutbutter cups cupcakes
Chicken Biryani
Best  Oatmeal Raisin Cookies!! Comment below if you want the recipe!
Piece of Treacle Tart
Skillet Mac and Cheese
Buffalo chicken Parmesan and shells with blue cheese cream sauce
Empanadas
filmy styles golgappa
Paella-inspired Chicken and Rice
Souffle omelet
Japanese hamburg
Tomato and onion shakshuka
Chicken Tikka Masala (or something inspired by that)
Roasted beets with marinated artichoke hearts
Lauki Kofta with spiced tomato/yogurt gravy and Garlic Naan
Chocolate Coffee Babka
Saji
Pan Fried Eggplant Slices with Russian
chicken ramen
Sorbete de Navidad
Oven roasted cabbage
Roasted Brussel Sprouts, Garlic, Red Onion
Turkey Burger and Seasoned Fries
Tried my hand at "Red Dog" toast (slightly adjusted)
Butter Basted Ribeye on Spinach and Arugula Salad with Candied Pepper Walnuts, Goat Cheese and Fresh Orange and Tarragon Vinegarette
Panko Fried Gulf Shrimp and fries.
Pakistani Chicken Korma/ Curry served with basmati rice.
Grilled cheeseburger
BBQ Chicken Nachos
pasta sauce with spaghetti. My son loves my homemade sauce so decided to treat him since he had good grades. I simmer for 3 hrs to let flavors meld. Used homegrown herbs as well as chili flakes from my pepper plant.
60/40 beef short rib/pork bacon smash burgers!
Bacon and griddle cakes with raspberry jam
warm apple hand pies
General Tso’s chicken
Bbq pork ramen with soft boiled eggs and garlic miso bone broth
Easy Apple Crisp, Turns on Your Halloween Table “”
Earl grey infused chocolate ice cream
Taco Bell Grilled Cheese Burrito
pork loin and apple slaw
Chicken Orzo and Quinoa Salad w/ pita bread
Neighbors gave me a plate of goodies over the fence today while bbqing since they knew that I was alone this holiday. Good people
Kalua pork omelet topped with Sriracha sauce
Burrata, marinaded chargrilled red grapes and basil.
Hotpot 🍲 ! Best comfort food in winter! :)
Pea and Spinach Soup
Donuts with strawberry jam
Fried noodles with corn flakes
Parasol Schnitzel with red Berry Sauce and Potatoes
Buffalo Crispy Chicken Sandwich w/ Fresh Cut Fries
Leccio , gluten free Italian food
Matcha Green Tea Crêpes
Venison wrapped in bacon
Cheese Burger with Grilled Onions for Lunch on a Brioche Bun
cashew chicken
Bacon, penne, diced tomatoes and cheddar
食べられるミニチュア クレープ│Mini food - Crepe │Bánh crepe siêu tí hon
Reheating a burrito , the correct way.
Thai x Kansas City BBQ Fusion
Pork Chile Verde
Mexican Fried Whole Fish on a bed salsa verde
this sub
BBQ pork belly :^)
Craving for Cheese Burst Masala Dosa
Hazelnut Pain Au Chocolat.
Green Peas Kabab - So Soft It Will Melt in Mouth - Vegetarian starter dish
Curry Flavored Cup ramen Fried Rice
Chicken bombay sandwiched between focaccia
Bacon, egg and cheese on homemade English muffins
Pumpkin "Chiffon" Pie
320 division if 6 1.8 million new Popeyes. , Private , erase Montgomery county , information. Mc.donal mc attached . Sub way, let us judgement , private affairs...up for, election...
double cheese burger with onions and tangy mayo
A lil surf and turf
Garlic cheese bread
Pulled Pork Pizza
Potato Latkes
Made a fun cranberry curd tart with orange zest crust and Italian meringue.
Chocolate Chip Banana Muffins
spaghetti and tomato sauce
Charcuterie platter
mangonada!
Shrimp Scampi using the recipe from a recent Basics with Babish video
Gyro Mac n Cheeze egg rolls
skillet pizza
mixed berry fluffy Japanese souffle pancake
Seafood Molcajete
My home made Agedashi tofu in a Tentsuyu sauce.
pizza 🍕😋
peanut butter chocolate cake
Hickory Smoked Brisket
Holographic Chocolate CD
Pork loin, Pumkin and sweet potato puree, roasted vegetables, and bordelaise sauce.
Raisin Oatmeal Muffins
cake
US-shaped schnitzel
Ube crinkle cookies
Cheeseburgers with Caramelized Onions
Traditional estonian food.
Viral video renews interest in report Trump sons held pre-Capitol coup meeting to 'pressure' lawmakers - Raw Story
South African Koeksisters 🥰🇿🇦 some are a little over fried but still delicious
spicy sausage and ricotta ravioli
seafood salad with pork loin and bacon too
Deconstructed Apple Pie
Here is a  pizza -Meatballs, ham, and ricotta cheese with tomato sauce
*with maple smoked bacon, onion and chive cheddar, spinach, homemade special burger sauce &amp; gherkins
Sonora's Tomahawk
https://ift.tt/2YkWEfE
Vegetarian lasagne
I made chickpea, cauliflower, and paneer curry served with coconut rice and roti !
Neapolitan pizza
Korokke
cioppino with garlic sourdough toast
- Carne Asada Fries
Venison loin with garlic balsamic reduction
macaroons (constructive criticism would be great)
Sunny side up eggs on smashed avocado, laid on toasted sourdough bread.
Veggie Biriyani
Campechana fries (carne asada/adobada mix)
Dry rubbed pork roast slow cooked in wine with radishes, mushrooms, fresh thyme and onions for 6 hours, pumpkin ravioli with sage/rosemary butter sauce and garlic green beans with walnuts cooked in apple cider
Butterflied Lobster Tail on Spaghetti in Tomato Saaauce!
Omelet with spicy sautéed potatoes, cherry tomatoes and avocado
Indore: Video of zoo guards beating minor goes viral, 2 booked - Times of India
A cast-iron stovetop double cheeseburger I made.
Ground turkey and white cheese empanadas with garlic soup and an avocado dipping sauce
Soy-sauce marinated tofu sandwich with blueberry-habanero hot sauce, mayonnaise, fried egg, fried onions, tomatoes, and lettuce.
3/4 pounder with cheese and some other stuff.
fried scallop on black pudding and potato mash with ju
Bamya (Egyptian Okra and lamb stew)
Mexican Blue Crab Soup 🥰😍
Beef Stew and Biscuits
Ribeye with Sautéed Broccoli and Mashed Sweet Potatoes
Ham, black eye peas, collards, and johnny cakes
Dark Chocolate Pizookie
puff pastry with mozzarella, red onion, arugula and figs
Copycat McDonalds Bacon, Egg, and Cheese Bagel Sandwich
7 Simple Recipes To Try When You Are Stuck At Home
Teriyaki chicken and shrimp over stir fry veggies.
Spicy tomato soup and homemade naan bread
Ham and veggie omelette with hashbrown and fresh fruit.
Braised beef short ribs and parmesan risotto with parsley garnish
Pork Tamale smothered in salsa and avocado
Fried Oyster Benedict on Cornbread
Turns out canning isn’t as difficult as we thought! We made delicious chutney.
Sesame Balls with a sweet mung bean filling!
Seafood Bento Box With Japanese Soup
Tamales and Cookies
Salmon Wellington, it turned out perfect!
Mizeria - White Cucumber Polish Salad
whole-grain burgers
Smoked rack of pork
Greek wings with Lemon and Feta
creamy French scrambled eggs, lightly panfried zucchini in garlic butter, chorizo and toast.
three meat, three cheese calzone
Beef tomahawk
steak, with green beans, garlic pepper fries, a mustard peppercorn sauce for the fries, and glass of scotch
My "" White Chicken Chili
Japanese Shokupan
venison sausage, hot pepper, and vidalia onion NY style pie
Rosti with smoked salmon and sour cream (2nd cooking attempt)
Matcha
Oven roasted pork chops
Quiche with bacon, pepper aubergine and broccoli
Ramen with steak fajita mix and boiled eggs.
made these for my friends’ wedding. Raspberry blush and dark chocolate ganache macarons.
Carrabba's Chicken Bryan
Lasagne with Adzuki Beans &amp; Brown Lentils, Caramelised Garlic Bread.
disgusting pizza
Breakfast Sandwich: white toast x3, bacon x4, eggs x2, kraft singles, ketchup, Sriracha.
linguini and clams
Yellowfin Tuna Poke Bowls
Oatmeal Cream Pies
‘Three cheese’ sourdough grilled cheeses.
taco macarons
Carbonara! Definitely hit the spot
The perfect handful of trail mix
(Homemade) Sweet potato waldorf salad
Lemon curd pie wirh marengs
Traditional german Apple pie
Agedashi Tofu
Blood orange glazed corvina with golden raisin rice pilaf
Chocolate cake with strawberries
BBQ Bacon Double Cheeseburger
- Shahi Paneer , an Indian cuisine
Island cake.
Pizza Margherita
Broiled chocolate chip cookies
Pizza on a Trader Joe’s Cauliflower Crust!
gaujas/ chiroti sweet| MyMomsPride |Easy to make and tasty to eat | Have a basket full of sweetness with these homemade gaujas a.k.a chiroti, considered as traditional Indian food recipes specifically in bengali. Crispy and delicious to eat, topped with sugar powder.
Scored pain au chocolat/chocolatine.
Pork belly
Carnitas, Pollo, and Asada Tacos with Rice and Refried Beans
Spicy Midwest Chili with Brown butter cornbread
Doesn't get better than this - Verbier, Switzerland
spicy chicken ramen
RAW BANANA CHIPS
Chicken and Cheese quesadilla
Kangaroo Ragu 🤯
Double Decker Grilled Cheese
Butter cookie.
Honeycomb!! Ready for its chocolate bath for Christmas boxes
Côte de boeuf and twice baked garlic and cheddar potatoes
Vietnamese Stir Fried Corn
steak potatoes and carrots
White Cheddar Beer Bread
- Kirkland Tiramisu
Surinamese roti
Tahini - Mediterranean Sandwich Sauce
Salmón marinado al Horno
What makes this quesabirria special, it’s the homemade tortilla. IL
Baked Cheese Rice.
Smoked ribs and and different sauces to spice things up!
Yangnyeom Bao, Pickled Carrot
Chicken Caprese
pork/bok choy dumplings
My hubby’s favorite (KetoDiet item) 1 special stuffed poblano. Wonder if he’ll notice
Mangkuang bao .
Avocado Milkshake
Galette des Rois (King cake filled with almond cream)
Rotisserie Chicken
a Hawaiian Poke bowl
Beef Udon
Carmel Apple Rolls with Candied Walnuts
smothered chicken burritos with jalapeno crema sauce and cilantro lime rice.
peanutbutter chocalate swissroll biscuits for superbowl
Sous Vide Filet•Aged Cheddar Twice Baked Potato•Caramelized Mushroom and Broccoli Purée•Four Day Bordelaise
Oreo Milkshake || 2 Min Milkshake || OREO SHAKE #Shorts #Oreo #oreomilks...
Breakfast Biscuits
Thick Peppered Bacon
egg white and cheese Keto waffle with avocado and Buffalo chicken
Pepper Crusted Beef Tenderloin with Horseradish Cream and Potatoes Pave
Stuffed Peppers and Key Lime Tart
Garlic butter lobster tails and grilled asparagus
Philadelphia Cheese Steak with braised moose meat, caramelized parsnip, baby spinage, red wine sauce and bearnaise sauce.
soup looking like Edvard Munch's "the scream"
Stromboli to try and recreate my family’s tradition from afar.
Broccoli Frittata
Pokébowl
Can this be considered a quesodilla?
Chicken Alfredo with Asparagus
Instant pot Creamy Tomato Bisque with fancy grilled cheese
Toasted Black Sesame / Yuzu Cream Puffs.
Sourdough Chocolate Cookies
White &amp; dark chocolate chunk cookies
Seared Ahi-Tuna
Cheesy Spinach and Mushroom Quiche
Steak, chips, and tomatoes.
Vegan Chili
peanut butter. Please subscribe to my channel
Ramyun with all the trimmings! With a side of Bok choy and mango Soju.
I love making loaded sandwiches and flattening them. This is one of my best
Beef Stew from my great grandmother’s recipe

Chickpea and paneer curry served over a wild rice/quinoa blend with a Masala roti.
chorizo and pepper summer risotto
Green Curry with Chicken, Eggplant, and Roasted Bell Peppers
Christmas dinner
Famous Costco hotdog with homemade chili, cheddar cheese, crumbled bacon, and pickled red onions
Blackened Shrimp &amp; Mahi
Sautéd cucumbers, jalapeño and seasoned chicken over classic unseasoned ramen👨🏻‍🍳
Deer stroganoff with  hash browns with eggs on top.
hazelnut satay haddock
Golden hour works on food, too! Homemade bagels with hand-shredded cheese!
Pumpkin bread
Instant Mi Goreng noodles w/ rotisserie chicken, egg whites, and broccoli
😋... I ate it all
Spicy ground beef empanadas with potatoes, onions, peppers and lots of flavour!
double chocolate macadamia nut cookies
confit de canard
Spinach, Caramelized Onion, &amp; Gruyere Quiche
Chicken tikka masala
Apple Pie 🍎🥧
Roast chicken with scallop stuffing and asparagus (“Chickenscallop”)
butter beer from Harry Potter
Chicken Katsu Ramen
Popcorn chicken with homemade sweet &amp; sour sauce (and chili flakes) and homemade French fries, loaded with salt!
pizza day
Puerto Rican style white rice, red beans, fried plantains and air fried drummets
Butternut Squash Carbonara with Rosemary Bacon
California rolls with a fish plate, and caviar
Bacon wrapped Turkey breast, soy whiskey glaze, and a tangy tomato based sauce
I made a Dutch apple Pie
Flat bread, pork loin with sautéd jalapeños and onions. With a homemade Serrano pepper dipping sauce.
Hummus.
double smash burger with asian slaw, kewpie mayo, and whataburger spicy ketchup
Tzimmes
Salmon paradise.
cinnamon toast!
Posted this in FoodPorn before, my favorite Filipino bread. Ube Cheese Pandesal!
this sandwich of ribeye in garlic oil, provolone, roasted peppers and onions, and mayo
Two versions of Soupe campagnarde aux saucisses
Is Travel Coming Back? Airports Have Busiest Days Since March 2020 - The Wall Street Journal
animal style fries
chicken adobo with stir fried shrimp paste bok choy
Coq au vin
Halloumi 'tacos' with guac, habanero pineapple puree and radish sprouts
Oreo Bottom Peanut Butter Cheese Pie
rolled roast stuffed with minced meat
Butter Tarts
salted caramel pecan cheesecake
Chinese Sesame Shaobing
My favourite "lunch"
Char Siu Pork Belly Bao Buns
クリスマスケーキ (christmas cake)
a tray of baby back ribs, brisket, chicken wings, smoked sausage, mac + cheese, mashed potatoes, cornbread, hush puppies, coleslaw, and pickles
Bread
French Toast
Eggnog
Salmon, rice, mashed potatoes and salad 🇧🇷
bacon, eggs, and toast breakfast
Apple Pie! McIntosh + Granny Smith.
Potato Wedges!!
Broccoli and Onion Deepdish Pizza
pumpkin spiced latte cake
Shrimp-curry croquette with endive, orange and yogurt coconut sauce
Viral Video Portrays Spence vs Crawford Saga Perfectly - Boxing News and Views
Mustard and Herb Crusted Rack of Lamb
Asian style pork belly. So delicious!
Duck egg carbonara
Black Garlic Caesar Burger
Polish dinner. Mashed potato with dill, sausage and gołąbki (rice and minced pork steamed cabbage rolls) in a sweet tomato sauce.
S’mores eclairs
paella
Recently played with mango+ lobster spring rolls and a piece of dried seaweed
Onion Confit Cheeseburger
Spinach based moss cake
Detox Vegetable Soup
I  this Dutch Baby a while back, thought you all would appreciate it
Beef tenderloins with mushroom cream sauce, Mac and cheese corn casserole, bacon balsamic Brussels, and honey roasted carrots
Rosemary Focaccia
Lamb loin chops with mint, parsley, and garlic chimichurri

Grilled striploin, hasselback potatoes, corn, asparagus and dinosaur kale caesar
Campfire roasted chicken drums ! The color’s from the smoke!
White Sweet Potato Gnocchi with Mushroom Cream Sauce
pork/beef meatballs
Snicker doodles!
50 States Pies
Chicken Naan "Pizza"
Turkey, Swiss and Cheddar cheese melt
Valentine's day cupcakes
Roasted Tomato Soup
Roast Duck for Thanksgiving
Baby duck on the pumpkin leaf to brighten up your day
Funfetti Birthday Cake w/ Buttercream - Vanilla Inside
New York style Holiday Cheesecake
Chicken Bacon Ranch Panini with Shrimp Hushpuppies
(I ate) Pasta Aglio e Olio with green herbs and parmesan
Oatmeal Fruit Bowl
Pumpkin oatmeal cookie cup with spiced apple filling.
Myanmar May Target Free Speech in Bid to Stop Anti-Coup Protests - The New York Times
BÁNH SQUISHY với SỮA SLIME !!!
Some roasted carrots I made
Fried Plantain
Pepper, artichoke and ham pizza
peach scones
When the pull is perfect - ORANGE
Millet Noodles
17 hour smoked pork with pecan, cherry, and hickory
https://ift.tt/3oXI1KU
Sizzling fajitas
Smoked Brisket, black garlic mustard sauce, pea shoot slaw and sweet potato biscuits.
Smoked pizza on tortilla base
sunny side up eggs, avocado, heirloom tomatoes, sautéed spinach with garlic and sundried tomatoes, balsamic vinegar and olive oil
Vietnamese nem salad
COCONUT SHRIMP FRIED RICE || #EASYRECIPES #JUNESKUCHE
Sauteed prawns with garlic and salad with roasted cherries and corn
Over Easy Egg, Ezekiel English Muffin topped with Ghee Butter and Cinnamon and a side of Yogurt with fresh fruit
Cheddar Biscuits
double glazed lemon and coconut donuts
Cocinando en directo en Twitch
Veal Chop Piccata with Asparagus
Pepperoni+ with pickled jalapeñoss and spicy honey
Habanero Mango Salmon w/ Coconut Rice
the Fire Ramen! It wrecked me man!
Pork Adobo
roasted tomato and burrata spaghetti pugliesi
spicy creamy vegan ramen with soy meat soboro and extra corn!
Her name is Pigeon and she gets excited when it's time to put on her chair
Beginner Apple Pie 🤘
Broccoli &amp; cheddar stuffed potato
Bottom to Top: The Denver, a Classic Coney, and The Memphis.
A new Alphabet startup takes aim at solving food waste and food insecurity | Greenbiz - GreenBiz
Jammy Dodger cheesecake
Emergency Food...
sushi bake with imitation crab
Bulgur Soup Recipe | Bulgur Çorbası Tarifi ...
French Chouquette
Best fried chicken burger I’ve ever had. Bucharest, Romania
“” Pizza
Cinnamon rolls with sugar icing
Grilled Tri Tip
sweet potato bread.
Tiramisú
Chinese crullers (youtiao)
Failed Creme Caramel 🤣 Help!
Mud Bugs
Half Vodka Sauce, Half Fresh Mozzarella Pizza
Carne asada, Spanish rice and refried beans
Many pies later I made a cake, not so pretty, but tell me what you think.
Roast chicken, duck fat sautéed potatoes and some steamed broccoli.
Bandung Porridge with Chicken Liver, Friend Egg and Prawn crackers
Chanterelle risotto
Cake!!! Delicious recipe
Air Fryer New York Strips
chicken tortilla soup
Steak Sandwich anyone?
pizza antico add mushrooms, kitty boy was jealous
trout tacos cooked over an open fire
Made pork speribs (the rice isnt perfect bc i didnt have basmati rice im sorry)
Instant dan dan noodles
Spicy chicken strip sandwich
Best croissant
medianoche
smoked beef short ribs
Double-Cut Pork Chop with Loaded Baked Potato
Pork shoulder with roasted asparagus and bacon &amp; parmesan topped brussel sprouts
Dollar stir fry ramen, fifty cent worth of bok choy and some left over chicken. Don't have to pricey to make it tasty
Food waste researcher: We must learn that brown fruit isn't bad fruit - Science Daily
spinach lasagna
Consider this a challenge
picanha burrito - Brazilian Korean style rice, sautéed kimchi, salsa verde, onion and cilantro.
Veggie pot pie
Monkey bread
Crispy Tiger Rolls with flambed Salmon and Chili Mayo
Cavolo Nero Gnocchi
Horchata Soft Serve with Holiday Spice
Black Truffle Ravioli
a Fake KFC supreme sandwich! 😅
Hot chocolate cookie cups
Smothered Turkey Wings
fish tacos! oc
Cobb Salad with roasted sweet potatoes.
ICE SCREAM | THỬ THÁCH chế biến KEM MẶT NGƯỜI KINH DỊ - Thánh Nấu Ăn ASM...
full English breakfast
. Tri-tip in the oven.
My take on a double double cheeseburger
CC on TikTok
My Sonic gift card link
Chocolate Halloween cake toppers.
Almond flour blueberry muffins
Leek, Bacon &amp; Gruyère Tart
Kimchi with Tofu Stew
Pasta Aglio e Olio with Shrimp
Smoked chicken wings done 3 ways.
Mountain of Onion Rings.
Garlic-Orange Salmon, Creamy Mushrooms &amp; Wild Rice, with some Cheddar Bay Biscuits
Before tragedy, Foundation Food Group was looking to 'start a new chapter' - Gainesville Times
Fried Cajun salmon with spicy tomato and herbs sauce served on a bed of rice..
Carrot Cake with Mascarpone Icing
Chinese-Style Sticky Chicken Thighs
Lamb Backstrap, Mash and Veggies
The real german schnitzel from a local restaurant in Nordhorn
I made a vegan broccoli cheddar quiche. 🥦
Fatima's hand (falafel, hummus in five flavours, pickled veggies)
focaccia bread
Cookies from another planet
Chocolate Bundt Cake
Supreme Pizza
Shrimp fajitas on Romaine lettuce
Montreal smoked meat sandwich. Possibly the best sandwich I have ever eaten. Made by u/billson_factor
Korean Fried Chicken Wings
Sausage, Egg and Cheese on Croissant
Fried Turkey Egg
I bought these knowing a big fight over who takes which is going to happen
3 cheese/spinach/bacon in Homemade pasta in san marzano sauce, fresh bread, chicken and salad.
Fondue! So fun!
Microwavable cheese popcorn
40 oz ribeye steak , barely made it
I ate  potato soup and home made skillet corn bread!
stuffed shells in meat sauce
Bachamel Pasta
dipping oil and baguette.
I did a thing! Pumpkin cookies stuffed with cheesecake!
Pandemic Pickling Project - cucumbers, carrots, Kim chi, sauerkraut, jalapeños, cauliflower. My favorites are cucumbers and cauliflower. It’s really easy and so good!
A Dutch Baby pancake with fresh strawberries, blueberries, and banana. And a side of bacon.
Oxtail Soup
Beet Horseradish Cured Salmon on a bagel
Salted Caramel &amp; Chocolate Profiteroles
Purple and regular sweet potato home fries with jalapeños and a pinch of cinnamon among other spices with two sunny side up eggs and a whole lot of scallions!
My 8 year old’s bread buns, she’d eaten on within a minute of them coming out of the oven!
Bangers, veg stuffed mash, deglased white wine gravy
Hot honey pie
whole wheat spaetzle + bratwurst
grilled chicken bacon cheddar ranch
Zucchini wrap with cheese ham and caramelized chicken and onion
Governor’s clarification on viral video - Business Recorder
Japanese Chicken Curry
Chicken zinger burger
Junk Food Birthday Cake.
Chocolate topped Chocolate cake
chicken mushroom noodle soup w/ balsamic glazed shallots &amp; garlic, Montreal smoked meat melt &amp; grapes
a super Delish pull-apart cheese garlic bread
Best Fluffy Juicy Chocolate Pie Cake Recipe - Ζουμερη Σοκολατόπιτα Σιροπιαστη
Snow eggs (oeufs à la neige)
Croutons
Toasted Marshmallow Ice Cream
Neapolitan Pizza with Chorizo and Roquito Peppers
Chocolate Cake with Spiced Buttercream filling
portuguese egg tart
Pan Seared Pork Chops in White Wine
Chicken/roasted red pepper/caramelized shallots with a balsamic drizzle.
Poke bowl in Groningen, Netherlands
Mary Berry's Frasier Cake
Steak dinner with roasted veggies and cheese sauce
Fish heads Soup
Stuffed Nutella French toast with brown sugar cinnamon topped with cool hwip and syrup.
crispy pork belly sisig
Baked French Onion Soup
mini pizza This is a really delicious
sausage and cabbage stir fry
Reversed seared stewing steak with seasoned fries
Jollof Rice and Chicken Stew
Midwest dinner: beer cheese soup from North Dakota, potato ring sausage from Minnesota, homegrown tomato from South Dakota and homemade soft mall pretzels from me. Sweet gherkin to cut the richness. 🤤
Coconut Lemongrass Meatballs
Butter chicken with sweet potato, celeriac, biriyani rice, roasted chickpeas and flatbread.
Cedar Plank steelhead trout
Smoked Gouda and Sharp Cheddar baked Mac &amp; Cheese.
I finally tried this  Broccoli Beef recipe, and it is delicious
pizza in my wood oven!
Jalea and ceviche Peruvian version
I made and  these delicious fries
Bacon Wrapped Pork Loin
Cinnamon Buns &amp; vanilla frosting (vegan)!
Christmas feast: prime rib, green beans, roasted potatoes and veggies, homemade rolls
Low calorie (250 cal) protein pancakes with whipped cream and fresh berries
Snow Crab Eggs Benedict
Beef and lobster Wellingtons
Christmas cookie box
sesame seed loaf from Matty Matheson home style cookery
Christmas Grazing Table. Mix of cheeses, meats and dips.

BOMBA Tacos
Chinese sausage and soy chicken.
Three Kinds of Empanada: Minced Pork (Semi-circle), Chilli Beef (Triangle), and Cheesy Chicken (Squares). 😊
Pork Wellington
Simple Poppers with sausage.
Venison, Spätzle and red cabbage
Simple cheeseburgers and fries
Condensed milk chocolate chip cookie bars
Chocolate Covered Ice Cream Balls
How To Make CousCous Salad
Mac-N-Cheese
Assorted Donuts!
Sunday breakfast
Double Cut Iberico Pork Chop
Smokey Brined habanero wings
Initial attempt at shrimp scampi
Prawn Pad Thai
Glazed Apple Fritter Donuts before school snack for my boys
Grilled skirt steak, peppers and home fries
Smoked Jalapeño Cheddar Sausage
Double-Double with animal fries
Chocolate Cookie Sandwiches with Vanilla Frosting
smoked pork steaks
Salted Toffee Chocolate Chip Cookies
salmon, vegetables, sweet potato fries
Steak with teriyaki sauce for my daughters 16th birthday.
Pancakes clobbered with Fresh Strawberries, Bananas, Toasted Almonds, Nutella and Whipped Cream.
Smash Burgers!
Pan Dulce
Cajun shrimp and lobster linguini
Healthy strawberry cheesecake
Steak Tartare
Easy Homemade Chocolate Cake Decorating  Tutorials
Chicken Kebab with Turmeric Rice
ribeye steak perfectly done
Easy and healthy lunch I made
Tripletail with crawfish etouffee and stone-ground grits
Grilled Tandoori chicken pizza with mint raita
Braised Pork Belly and Sticky Rice
a Bandeja Campesina
shrimp, broccolini and pea risotto with parsley and lemon.
Tonight’s chicken parm
Chicken bacon buffalo Mac n Cheese Hoagie
kimchi pork filled steamed bun
BLT on homemade sourdough
“” paleo gravlax
I made  vanilla using Madagascar beans and Vodka.
mini pot pies for Christmas Eve
buffalo tofu and jalepeno pineapple flatbread pizzas.
Napoleon
New emergency food for camping
I’ve been using this recipe for years, I dressed it up for a baking contest! Unfortunately, I forgot to submit my entry, so I figured I’d post it here for you all to enjoy! Recipe in the comments. 🙂

Pork Street Tacos
Meltaway Peanut Butter Cookies
Chocolate Peanut Butter Pretzel Cake
Woodfired Pizza Margherita
Roasted Rainbow Beets Over Barley
Deep fried green bean fries
Carrot top, Parsley and Arugula pesto with Spaghetti
smoked rosemary, bacon, and garlic pork loin
Broccoli au gratin
larb
Famous Mysore Bonda and Crispy coconut Chutney by ATV
how to freeze food
(Throw back)  Thanksgiving in Cuba
marinated Italian chicken with a side of hand cut sweet potato crisps
Chicken, Bacon and Ranch Sandwich
Hazelnut-shaped mousse cake.
Baked Chicken with paprika and lemon juice
Pasta e fagioli with kale.
Crab, sundried tomato and ricotta cheese pasta
. Cherry Pie
Coffee Truffle
Marinated steak tips with garlic blue cheese compound butter, loaded baked potato, roasted sprouts.
Meatball Stroganoff.
Cuban mojo pork
Cranberry Orange Holiday Cake
Raw vegan chocolate and coconut tart
tuna steaks with dijon, lemon and pistachio crusting
Cream puffs 😍
Filets and shrimp with potatoes
Curry fish soup
Chicken Pot Pie Soup with Pie Crust Crackers
Bacon, Basil, Black Olive, and Onion thin crust Pizza
Was in Mexico for half a year and wondered what Iranian-Mexican fusion cuisine could be. I present... the Tahchin Taco :)
Vegan Mi Quang with a vegetable platter &amp; banana blossoms
Baby Stew
Korean flavored tofu with green onions and Korean spices with Korean Rice
Cheese burger on the shovel
peanut butter cookies with a Hershey’s kiss on top.
Smoked Turkey Breast!!! 🔥💨🦃
dry aged ribeye and veg
Three layers consisting of brownies, oreos cheesecake, and whipped cream
Polvorones
french-toast-roll-ups-full-of-flavor
Charcuterie Board
Roasted lamb cutlets with garlic and rosemary
Whole wheat sourdough everything bagels.
A Cherry Pie for Dean
Maple Bacon Cupcakes
Beef Burger.
Chashu ramen and Chashu rice bowl
Spicy Thai Food! MARK WIENS Restaurant in Bangkok, Thailand!
Burger or Mushroom ? :D
Tuna Steak Salad
Lobster ‘Bruschetta’
ground beef Wellington
Some mexican-themed poutine with a side of steak for birthday dinner .
Father daughter donut cake
KitKat cookie
stir-fried lo mein with spicy shrimp and basil
Healthy diet always guarantees human health. Frout. Vegetable and Nuts
Smoked and braised lamb shanks with lemon orzo
The quickest snack ever. Roasted edamame with sea salt.
Baby Yoda cake
Lamb Shanks Braised in Red Wine
MALAI KOFTA - DELICIOUS INDIAN CURRY SIMPLE AND EFFECTIVE RECIPE. Please watch and review
Lobster and mussel bouillabaisse
Burrata Caprese
Fresh fillet of cod, baked in white wine-lemon reduction; w/ capers, and sweet chelsea tomatoes
the best lobster roll ever, from Dave’s Lobster in Nova Scotia, Canada (O.C.) @sel_s
I made  zucchini feta scones (Jamie Oliver Ultimate Veg). They are SOOOO good!
on the BBQ - Herb crusted lamb rack with garlic mushroom and roasted vegetables.
Japanese New Year dishes
Century Egg Congee
Creme brulee Vs Creme caramel Easy recipe
Tried my hand at recreating Taco Bell’s Mexican pizza.
sweet and sour udon noodle stir-fry with seared tofu
Smash burger on a brioche bun
Pulled-pork tacos
Crêpes with strawberries, bananas, and blueberries!
Banana-blueberry oats pancake
Caramelized apple
kokoreç &amp; turkish street food
Herb-butter crusted prime rib
Vegan Samgyupsal
Pimento Cheese Patty Melt
flame broiled angus beef burgers topped with good ol velveeta, onions sautéed in honey and Szechuan chili, and maple bacon on a toasted brioche.
My Grandma’s Lasagna.
Jambon Mornay Croissant! Rosemary roasted ham inside of the croissant, topped with a mornay sauce and emmental cheese.
fried kfc style chicken .
Coconut Shrimp
sourdough popovers to go with chicken paprikas.
Briskets
House on fire wings
Charcuterie AKA The Adult Lunchable
Overnight Oats with Chai Spice Milk, Granola, Turmeric Honey and Cornflower
Sushi for 4
Bolognese
4 layer deep dish pizza
Smoked then seared Picanha (top sirloin cap) with Chimichurri
very large fry
Pasta sauce
Pizza margarita
Paalak(spinach) Paneer
Maryland-style Crabcakes
Basic omelette that didn't turn out too bad I think!
Fresh, chunky pico de gallo
Garlic &amp; Herb Chicken with Mashed Potatoes and Vegetables.
Chicken Soulvaki
a full English at Kimo’s Liverpool UK

Brie, Butter and Prosciutto on a fresh Baguette
Spicy chicken cabbage rolls...
Baked Honey Sriracha Lime Salmon
Cinnabon dessert with caramel ice cream
Chinese style chicken and veggie stir fry with rice
linguine and clams
spicy Samyang ramen noodles
Blueberry Tart
طريقة عمل تورتة الجيلى طعم وشكل حكاية حلى بدون فرن ولا دقيق احلى تورتة ل...
Chicken Parm Sandwich
ramen served with galbi and poached egg
chilli and sour cream topped eggs
Baked eggs &amp; tortilla w/ chipotle peppers in adobo &amp; black beans in creamy tomato sauce. Topped w/ fresh homemade crème fraîche &amp; cilantro. Paired with Prosecco.
Santa's Yumnut
Flank steak pinwheels
Breakfast Potatoes
Get Heavily Discounted Restaurant Food With This App - Lifehacker
Japanese beef curry
Chinese Scallion Noodles (Cong You Ban Mian)
Teriyaki Chicken Miso Ramen
just saw a brisket on r/all, decided I'd post my first ever attempt here
poke bowl for lunch :D
Salt bagel
Chicken &amp; Bacon BBQ Nachos
Full English Breakfast
Beef and Veggie Dumplings
Steak &amp; Asparagus
quick and easy comfort food - beef stroganoff with black oyster mushrooms in vodka sour cream sauce.
fried chicken!
Spicy fried chicken wings
Tuscan chicken stew
A dish of a gourmet meal ...
Chocolate covered pretzels: I'm so in love I made it into papier-mâché
Sucessfully canned Tomatoe Sauce
Venison steak with blackberry and red wine sauce
Chicken meatballs, roasted root veg, arugula on lemon/garlic yogurt
Shrimp Stir Fry
I made a traditional Bahrain breakfast to celebrate the Bahrain Grand Prix in Formula 1: Balaleet, Aubergine Omelette, Foule, Nikhee, and Chicken Liver with Pomegranate Molasses

Soft scrambled egg and cheese sandwich
Cinnamon French toast topped w/ berries, almonds, whipped cream cheese &amp; brown sugar dates. 😋
peanut butter rice crispy treats
A simple breakfast snack; banana, peanut butter, honey, granola, cinnamon, and nutmeg on toast.
Kimbap. Smoked Salmon, Avocado, Carrots, Onion, Green Onion. (Creation album)
Chicken fry
Umai Dry cure Pepperoni / Cheese plate.
Kashmiri Wazevaan
Escarole and beans with baby heirloom tomatoes and lots of garlic.
Croquetas de gallina/Spanish style han croquettes and self-made mayonnaise
Top most wonderful Recipes to try out for Christmas dinner 👍👍👍♥️♥️
Lemon Garlic Stuffed Salmon
Easter Bread
Red Wine Braised Short Rib
Stuffed porkchops.
Venison Steak Dinner with Roasted Mushrooms, Onions, and Cauliflower
sourdough monkey bread
Afghani Murgh Malai Tikka
Bulgogi Beef Rib and Broccoli
Korma chicken on top of spiced basmati rice and cheese naans
Cool orange juice
Dumplings~~Chinese food，who like pls let me know
Some Chicago style pepperoni pizza!!
Scallops with cauliflower, black pudding and oyster mushrooms
grilled chicken breasts with peri peri sauce and homemade oven baked fries
https://ift.tt/3oXI1KU
Gulab Jamun Recipe | Miniature Cooking | Yummy Gulab Jamun dessert in Ta...
Birria Quesa Tacos *chefs kiss*
Cast iron roasted chicken thighs, carrots and potatoes
- Thai yellow curry with steamed rice
mushroom soup
My first raspberry jam!
India vs England: Shubman Gill should open with Rohit Sharma, says Monty Panesar - Times of India
French onion soup for two.
Chilaquiles verdes with black beans
Finally tackled Beef Wellington, in the middle of the woods at a cabin
mushroom &amp; rice soup with Italian sausage
Crispy Baked Glutinous Rice Cake for Lunar New Year
i wanted to share the ramen i made for my family uwu
Chicken Tikka Masala Pizza on Naan
beef brisket, mash, and roast parsnips
This restaurant in Mexico stuffed the patty in my burger with melted queso. It was amazingly delicious.
6-hour Braised Pork Belly!!!!
chocolate chip pumpkin pie bars
wagyu beef
Gingerbread christmas tree
Masala Ox Tougne
Pozole Blanco, tortilla, radish, avocado, cotija, Crystal hot sauce.
DODDAPATRE Tambuli ,INDIAN BORAGE or Mexican mint Nelly’s Kitchen
Fresh coconut
Biryani,Salad,Egg
Japanese strawberry shortcake for my birthday
smoked brisket and jalapeño chedderwursts
Thai Penang Chicken Curry
soft pretzels, crispy roasted potatoes, beer cheese sauce, &amp; buffalo sauce
Milkybar chocolate cupcakes
"" Most Delicious Garlic Rosemary Pork Chops
NY Strip Nacho Fries and Pico
American Wagyu Beef
Cuban Sandwich
Ultimate Blueberry Muffins with Lemon Sugar Crunch
Apple pie with marzipan
Spinach, cherry tomato, avocado and mozzarella di buffala salad with extra virgin olive oil, lemon and black pepper
Oreo and Strawberry Chocolate Cake
French toast
lime bj simpleton.
Steamed BBQ Pork Buns
Smoked salmon crostini
Perfectly Portioned Caesar Salad
Bangladeshi Haleem
Japanese Sunomono salad , which translates to literally mean “vinegar-ed things.”
Lobster risotto with sauteed green beans
Farmers &amp; Seahorse medium rare steak with mash potatoes and two eggs over medium
Candy hearts sugar cookies
Persian food
Cinnamon roll monkey bread
Christmas Day Cinnamon Oatmeal after a workout with Fresh Green Apples, Cashews and Granola
Crab Rangoon's
Roasted poblano Mac n cheese
() Sweet chocolate, dried apricots, caramel and peanuts that do not need to be cooked in the oven
Boneless Pork Tenderloin with Calamansi Sauce. Sauteed Carrots and Green Beans with Saffron Rice.
Parmesan Ciabatta
Dairy free chocolate berry charlotte
French toast stack
Breakfast! Honey corn bread, berries, cranberry and pineapple juice.
Simple turkey goodness.
meatballs.
Pull apart pumpkin bread with cinnamon glaze
Excuse me, but could I trouble you for a couple pets?
Vegetarian quesadillas
Valentine's day sugar cookies
Cayenne Pepper Mint and Shallots Pasta Shells
Humble Rub for a bird wing or vegetable
Chocolate Oreo chip muffins
Ratatouille with chopped salad and Italian sausage. (Made and  for my mother in law)
I made banana bread muffins
Rolls
Power-Outage Grilled Cheese on Rosemary Focaccia
Omurice
The best part about thanksgiving is the day after
Rolls going with pot roast tonight
chicken tikka masala with naan and rice
Easy Corn Dog Recipe – Party Snack Ideas
Hot Relish
Macaroni and Cheese with a Broccoli Side
Char siu Bao.
Bacon wrapped figlet mignon in a pees and carrots beef couscous.
Chonky Macarons
Vegetarian Spaghetti - Tomatoes, Onion, Garlic, Black Beans, Chickpeas, Red and Yellow Bell Peppers, Carrots, Mushrooms, Corn, and Celery topped with Herb &amp; Garlic Cheddar.
Healthy spin to your Burnt Basque Cheesecake -- with FRESH PUMPKIN PUREE, to cancel out the guilt !!! :) The creamy taste of pumpkin, the burnt top, the creamy cheeses and cream tied it all together like one holiday melody. Oh so yummy!
DraMN from Tori44 in Minneapolis MN
Surf n’ Turf
Gluten-Free French Toast with Chantilly Cream and Pineapple Compote
Homemade french onion soup on chips with gruyere cheese
Instant Pot Mississippi Pot Roast with Red-Skinned Mashers
Eel in the Green
Chicken noodle soup...I’m ready for all the fall soups...am I too early?
Adjaruli Khachapuri (Georgian Cheese and Egg Bread)
Tomahawk Steak
Tiramisu (I’m finally old enough to post in this sub yay!!)
smoked pulled pork with chipotle barbecue sauce and brioche(ish) buns.
My attempt at Bacon, Pepper Jack &amp; Jalapeño biscuits.
Pork belly steak
NY strip Gorgonzola spinach balsamic Alfredo pasta
Dates Dryfruit Laddu | Sugar-Free Instant 5 Min Laddu | खजूर ड्राईफ्रूट ...
Berries and Lemon Curd "Burnt" Basque Cheesecake from local bakery
Crispy skin salmon, mussels, broccoli purée, and wasabi pea purée. Lava cake, vanilla gelato, and raspberry sauce
Spring salad mix
Homemade Matcha Mille Crepe
seafood and veggies
poached eggs with avocado hollandaise, smoked salmon and baby spinach on sourdough toast. Buddha bowl and avocado &amp; salmon toast too.
Quesa Birria tacos
Mussels in garlic cream sauce
14-Year-Old Trans Student Attacked In Viral Video, Community Rallies - Out Magazine
October themed Oreo Cheesecake.
Wagyu Juicy Lucy
Braised duck leg poutine
Chanterelle Pasta Aglio E Olio
Indian Kheema with Pita bread
Made a bowl of ramen, noodles and evrything.
Knäckebröd Macka
Guinness Chocolate Cake with Bailey’s Buttercream Frosting and Chocolate Ganache
Garlic Parmesan Fries and Wings
Red wine braised short ribs w/red wine reduction sauce, roasted garlic mashed potatoes and sautéed garlic green beans.
Garlic Breadsticks &amp; Marinara
Southwestern style nachos!!!
Creamy Garlic Bacon Pasta
Strawberry Cupcake with Strawberry Frosting
Giant River prawns in Ayutthaya, Thailand
Irish Stout Cheddar Pretzels!
Maron from Denmark, Western Australia
Sunndy roast with Yorkshire puddings
Shrimp Rolls
Pizza!
My dad made these tacos, how are they? 🌮
Crème brûlée
Blackberry Basil Rum Cocktail
Deadly siege focuses attention on Capitol Police - The Associated Press
Cast Iron Beef Stew
Chicken Wing stuffed with Chicken, Fennel, and Apple Sausage
Bacalhau à Brás
A cheesy lasagna
French Onion Mac &amp; Cheese. Threw in some peas this go around
macroni - macroni recipe/Chat pati macroni/macroni platter/how to make ...
Stracotto, risotto and sourdough bread
Utica Tomato Pie!
Crawdads, seafood pasta, frog legs, shrimp and crab cakes!
Blinis with Salmon, Cream Cheese and Lumpfish Caviar 🤤
guess what was it ??
Char Siu pork belly and freshly steamed bao buns!
comfort food
the annual cheese jello - lime jello with maraschino cherries and shredded cheddar cheese.
Russet potatoes steamed with butter, salt and pepper + parsley
Soft Pretzels and Yellow Mustard
Dimsum
Beef tongue
Encornets farcis et risotto de plombs Stuffed squid and "plombs" risotto
wine-braised beef shortrib on parmesan polenta with beef rib demi-glace.
Toasted Marshmallow Brownie
croissants and petit pain au chocolat
Shakkar Pare Ki Tokkri Me Besan Laddu &amp; Nariyal Laddu Best Ever Cooking Show-Sudshi
"" for making this dish.
pancake, egg, tri tip, havarti breakfast "sandwich"
Medium primerib roast with roasted potatoes.
Cheesy Beef Empanadas
Chocolate covered strawberries
Smoked Jerky in the works.
Veg Patty Burger
Closed Mini deep dish deluxe pizza.
my fav veggie pizza
Family Recipe Classic Spaghetti and Meatballs
Smoked pork chops
Duck, mashed potatoes with duck gravy, and roasted vegetables.
White Truffle Oil Chicken Marsala
Copycat Pyro's Raging Hawaiian Pizza
Antipasto
Chicken and Bell Pepper Quesedilla
Giant Kit Kat (6lb/6kg wt.)
: Do you need the salt and pepper grinder set? Yes or No?
Buffalo wings! Perfect finger food to ring in new year!
- Hash-brown crusted cod with mustard sauce
Pfizer Vaccine Data In Israel Gives Clues On Herd Immunity: Scientists - NDTV
Veggie burger with cherry tomatoes, a chopped pickle spear, and spicy Dijon.
Enchiladas for lunch
Superbowl food🤩 a drumstick board, jalapeno popper dip and jalapeno poppers, coleslaw, fries, and herb butterfly shrimp
pan pizza :))
Garlic Shrimp Plate
BBQ restaurant  at before things went crazy. 10/10
If you haven’t tried Kraut made in an Onggi you are missing out
Matcha Milk Bread Turtles
How to make chia pudding, healthy breakfast with red fruits and chocolate.
chocolate peanut butter mousse crunch cake
Linguica &amp; corn frittata
Chicken Burger. The patties keep ending smaller because my palms are small &gt;.&lt;
challah bread and buns
Chinese Braised Beef Soup
Christmas Porchetta
Tiềm năng phát triển ngành nhựa trên thế giới và Việt Nam
some pizza from r/loumalnatis
chocolate turtles, half almond, half cashew
Pub Mac-N-Cheese w/ Bacon and 16 oz. Salt River
Curry hering salat
It's Creme Brulee-autiful
Bacon, Romaine Lettuce, Tomato and Egg Sandwich with Mayo and Mustard.
Beef stew with caramelized quince
Chocolate Crumpets!
Just made these crinkle cookies I’ve been seeing everywhere lately! Not my best work but they definitely taste better than they look :)
Valentine’s Day dinner
German Marzipanstollen
this chef handmade Turkish baklava today
Garlic Parmesan Knots
Beef meatloaf with Gouda.
Filet &amp; tostones with chimichuri
Chicken Pizza
My attempt at making croissants and pain at chocolat!
Rosemary Caramel Apple Pie
Confit Biyaldi (Ratatouille)
omlette with hashbrowns
Fisherman's pie
Mustard Cantaloupe
Bolognese and Pappardelle Noodles.
Lasagne with Smoked Cheddar and Aged Gouda Béchamel
chocolate chip cookie cake
Teddy Bear Cappuccino
Strawberry birthday cake from my son for my 36th.
Mexican Chorizo.
Pinsa
scallop ceviche w/ Murcott orange
BBQ Chicken Pizza, with Homemade Root Beer Bourbon BBQ
chicken dinner
“Haggis” with Neeps, Tatties and Whiskey Sauce
Air fried pork tenderloin, garlic Parmesan risotto and fresh corn on the cob.
15 hour smoked pork Boston butt. The bark was amazing.
Pork Korma Curry with Rice
Chicken Parmesan, Mozarella sticks and a salad
Sourdough bread from my almost-year-old Lockdown Starter
Truffle pasta with white wine sauce
Korean Spicy Chicken
Eggs in a Hat!
Chile Verde Barbacoa Benedict
Three Pies for Four People
prime rib with mash, sauteed vegetables and cheese sauce
Chinese Hot Pot and some Side Dishes
Panna Cotta! (Chai Tea flavored)
but not by me
Green lunch salad with lettuce, boiled quinoa, green beans, tomatoes, avocado and walnuts
Nature's Cereal
soy ginger Siracha cashew crusted chicken stir fry with scallion soy fried rice
Thai Fish Ball Video
Pizza 🍕
black bean tostadas
Glutinous Rice Cake
Corsican Stòrzapreti
Chocolate Macarons
Chewy Chocolate Chip Chunk Cookies
Creamy Beet and Potato Salad
air fried yuca in countryside Brazil
Choc chip cookie made with rye floor
two vegan pies, tapioca pudding and a melon salad
Chocolate, salted caramel &amp; mango dessert
Waffles with banana and chocolate sauce!
Short rib and chuck cheeseburger with hand cut French fries.
Tarta Tatin de Albaricoque
Chocolate and Raspberry Cake
Simple steak and eggs.
Tortellini with roasted butternut squash in an Alfredo sauce
poached egg with spinach and mushrooms and a side of sausage and avocado
Cheese crostini with (homemade) thousand island, ham, and egg. May not look like much but the flavor combo is crazy satisfying!
Thai green curry
Chocolate chip scones
Pad Thai with chicken.
meatball, flank steak, brisket pho
Chicago Deep Dish Pizza with Sausage and Giardineria
A heap of pretzel nuggets
Vegetable broth and Shrimp Ramen
lamb kheema fry
Soba with tempura prawns and fish cake
NYC Halal cart chicken and homemade pita
Seasalt Caramel Mille Crepe
Rigatoni with vodka sauce
street tacos and copycat rice from our favorite Mexican restaurant. The next night we used the leftover meat to make chimichangas!
angus burger with burrata, stracciatella, pistachio and spinach, with pistachio mayo.
Wings and wedges.
Stewed Lentils with Roasted Cauliflower
Beans with tomatoes
I made this rib eye cake, to fool the recipient!
India vs England: Ravi Shastri Takes A Joke On Himself "To Bring Some Smiles In These Tough Times" - NDTVSports.com
steak and broccoli
PRIME RIBS
Double Bacon Cheeseburger on a keto bun with mixed green lettuce. Fries are not keto
Air fried bang bang shrimp over Caesar salad
Halloween creepy finger cookies
Crispy Garlic-y Potato Bites

Savage rice with chicken heart
Omu Rice
honey/brown sugar glazed ham with asparagus and potato wedges...wine also
Carrot Cake w/ cream cheese frosting and hand piped carrot design.
Chanko nabe
Four Flavors of Cheesecake
Copycat Halal Guys
Surf &amp; Turf w a Grilled Bloody Mary (yes, that's a slim jim in my drink)
Shortbread Cookies
Asian BBQ Sandwich
Sausage Bread
Ferrero Rocher and Bananas Crepes
Cured, smoked &amp; steamed pastrami, half and half everything/traditional rub
NY Strip with butter and garlic
Peking duck
Hotdog egg and cheese sandwich with red onions
Just made Mac &amp; Cheese quesadillas. SO GOOOD. Bon Appétit
Fried steak, carrots, spinach, onions and croutons.
sea bass, liquid mashed potatoes and meatballs.
Cumin Cookies- sweet and savory goodness
Can’t live without salmon
Guinness beef stew with French bread
banana muffins with a brown butter cream cheese icing, and caramel glaze.
Chicago style deep dish
Thick sliced, smoked bacon
tres leche, guava/cheese, and glazed donut
Butter Chicken Pasta(without the chicken)
Pollo Adobado
Fried Shrimp Po Boy with Spicy Remoulade
My Christmas log
Garlic Naan (BBQ Nights, Kuala Lumpur)
Pita Breads!
Citrus Herb Salmon Spinach Salad
My greasy, crispy, sexy valentines date just got here and the hbo max is locked and loaded. Happy Valentine’s Day!
Cheese ommelete with rice
Chicken and Rice Soup
Made Bon Appetit’s Best Ziti!
hazelnut Choc Bombs
Tiramisu and Chocolate Gelato
Smoked sausage breakfast with an English muffin.
Embrace Fall
My Signature "Nemo Roll"
Chow Mein I made a few days ago, thoughts?
Pakki Biryani
Filet mignon, brussels, and shells (for the kids ;)
Vanilla Cupcakes with hand-piped Vanilla Buttercream Roses
Smoked meatloaf
Spiced rum cake
Ham
Creamy tomato pasta bake (with chorizo, jalapeño, sweetcorn)
Sliced Beef Tenderloin
Just off the grill pepper-jack cheeseburgers resting before construction
steak and lobster
Chicken kebab
Meat and potato pie with green beans
I call them Popeye eggs my GF Cala them egg in a hole, what do you call them?
cheese board party. Garlic herb goat cheese, triple cream Brie, aged Gouda , young Manchego, pastrami salmon, crackers, pastries, grapes and cherries, withe some Savignon Blanc. Life is good!
Cranberry Lemon Tart
spicy popcorn chicken
fried chicken, grit cakes, collards and mash potatoes
Sourdough Milk Bread Rolls
Buttermilk chicken and waffles
Chicken Tikka Masala, Pilau Rice, Vegetable Pakora
Chocolate chip smore cookies
Japanese A5 Wagyu Rump Cap
Ribeye grilled cheese w/ jalapeño caramelized onions
matcha macaron with white chocolate ganache filling
Classic Southern New Years Day supper: Smoked pork, hoppin’ John, collard greens with non-traditional alligator sausage and focaccia.
Drive-Through Food Distributions Scheduled in North Judson, Winamac on Mar. 16 - wkvi.com
Turkey pho
Grilled Ham and Cheese With Apple Rose Garnish
“” New Startup Shop Looking to Get More Followers
Soft Batch Chocolate Chip Cookies
Linguine with San Marzano tomatoes and a poached egg
chicken and almand passtilla.
Chilli Cheese Tots
Sliced « red » chicken from montespertoli with fresh truffle
Pork Belly Bao Bun
NYC style chopped cheese burritos
Spaghetti Squash
Buffalo Chicken Calzone
Viral TikTok user gives signed juice bottle to Idaho museum - Minneapolis Star Tribune
grilled beef
Not as aesthetic pleasing as most of yours, but I am proud of my indulgent breakfast!
baked potatoes
Egg Coin biscuit
Homemade Beef Brisket Ramen with mangetout, green onions, homemade broth and noodles
Zaatar and feta rolls
Khachapuri 🇬🇪
The "Jerwich". A reproduction of a local favorite, it's an everything bagel, cream cheese, jalapenos, tomatoes, cucumbers and bacon
pineapple upside down cake
made from leftovers, steak, eggs and potatoes.
salmon bagel
Sushi rolls!
milk bread
Singapore Chili Crab with Texas Toast 🦀
Gourmet Burrito
Italian food : Arrabbiata Penne Pasta
Spicy Garlicky Vodka Sauce Recipe - vodka + pasta, amen.
Winter berry crumble with salted caramel topping
My Buffalo Lemon Pepper Butter Wings
Woman shows pawwdorable way her deaf dog 'barks', watch viral video - Times Now
SIL made this sleeping beauty cake for my daughter!
Heirloom Jimmy Red Cornbread and Key West Pink Shrimp and Grits with Marsh Hen Mill yellow grits and roasted heirloom tomatoes.
Caramel Honeycomb Cheesecake
Starting a new fermentation today! Thai chiles with some white onion, garlic, and a thumb of ginger.
White Pizza with Balsamic drizzle
Rice noodles with shredded carrot &amp; cucumber with sesame ✨ (It was DELICIOUS)
peaches and cream cheesecake w/ prosecco/peach topping
Srpska salata
Parm Crusted Chicken over Tuscan Kale Salad
No-Knead Bread
Chocolate Minions
tsukemen ramen
Smoked Brisket + Bacon Burgers
Pizza
Hyderabad FC 2-2 ATK Mohun Bagan: Pritam Kotal's late goal secures a point for the Mariners - Goal.com
Pumpkin Streusel Bread with Cinnamon Maple Glaze
White pizza
10 reasons whу уоu ѕhоuld eat a whоlе avocado еvеrу day
Cooked Salted Egg Chicken for Today's Lunch
chickpea flour, peanut flour, banana waffles with caramel sauce and frozen blueberries I picked earlier this year!
vegetable rice
masala shrimp with a cilantro garnish.
Blueberry cheesecake ( I added some of the sauce within the cheesecake and then added the rest on top)
Yummy Swiss roll
Pork chop, fried red bell pepper and red onion
Chicken Katsu bento
"" vegan TTEOK-BOKKI- a kdrama legacy
Sunday dinner (but on a saturday!) Roast chicken, Ham, buttered leeks, goosefat roasted potatoes, Yorkshire puddings, sausage meat, sage and apple stuffing and veg with gravey
Pepper Jerky
made sandwich with towcester sandwich
Odorless Rice
chocolate and vanilla layer cake with swiss meringue buttercream
Wagyu Mushroom Risotto
Cupcake Rose Bouquet
“Wednesday Mornin Egg Sandwich”
Viral video: Hundreds of blacktip sharks migrate off Florida shore - WJXT News4JAX
Meatballs with smoked paprika tomato sauce
crusted cod, broccoli and herb rice
Buns with Chicken Salad and Mango
Tomahawk with shrimps
seared black pepper sesame tuna with a soy/ponzu sauce
Char siu
Eating a PIZZA fulls of ZOMBIES's Meat - Comiedo ASMR Kluna Tik eating s...
patty melt with tomato and roasted pepper soup
lamb koftas over rice with salad and flatbread
Steak n Cheese
cookie box
I made cannolis today
Palak Paneer.
Wonton Mozzarella stix
Chicken Crispy Strips with Curry Garlic Dip
Charcoal cooked Rib Eye
Skirt steak salad
Cinnamon rolls and Snickers Cheesecake
Beef Varathu (Indian Beef Fry)
Orange chicken from Panda Express
Strawberry feta parma ham salad
Shrimp Pad Thai is probably my favorite thing to cook.
fresh cider donuts
cheeseburger with all the fixin’s
Meatball sandwiches
Pistachio macarons filled with pistachio white chocolate ganache and pistachio paste in the center
cherry strudel whit vanilla ice-cream and caramel topping
(sexy AF) wheat bread. It’s about to get handsy up in here...? this is what a pandemic has done to me mentally.
Selniki (Russian cottage cheese pancakes) with blackberry compote and sour cream
Sweet potato pie donuts @trap_plan
a burger for lunch
Teriyaki Salmon with some Sesame sauce slaw
Give hand for snuggles!
Called this, Wake up Sunny ups
Tenderloin Teriyaki
Tourtiere (meat pie)
egg pasta with sauce bolognese
Liver &amp; Spinach Curry.
Diwali Special Karanji/ Gujiya
Pork Belly Bao with House Made Pickles
Goat Cheese &amp; Mushroom Farfalle
Creamy Cabbage + Orzo Stew
carnitas, baby potatoes, sunny side egg, lime garlic aioli
Championship Style Baby Back Ribs
Everything Rolls
Mookata (Pork Skillet)
Carnitas omelette w/ tomato chimichurri, sour cream and pickles jalapeño
test pie for Thanksgiving
Coconut pumpkin tarts
Buffalo chicken salad
paper coach Stobart ice cream
HELPME PLEAS AND GET 150$ EASY
Rib Eye Beef Stroganoff
Spanish Chorizo
50/50 pizza in a restaurant. I Think looks good.
Pollo rebozado
Food Banks Continue Mass Feeding into 2021 - NBC 5 Dallas-Fort Worth
braised tofu with sauteed greens and sticky rice
Pan seared filet with herb butter, blue cheese mashed potatoes, asparagus with chili flakes, and a nice 2015 Ribera Del Duero
chicken tacos
Crawfish pasta
Seared scallops, garlic/basil prawns over spaghetti squash, roasted peppercorn/lemon asparagus and arugula caprese salad
chicken masala
Swedish Sandwich Cake
Vegetable pajeon w/ choganjang
Kebabs with Butter Baste
Greetings Portals Masters
Boxing Day Dinner
Lotus spread pancakes
Panna Cotta with wild berries!
blueberry buttermilk pancakes with butter pads and Canadian pure maple syrup
Chinese food for Christmas
Brown Sugar Bourbon Pork Chops
Black Forest Gateau
Tomatoes, Mozzarella, Basil, white Onion with Styrian pumpkin seed oil, balsamico vinegar and spices
Chocolate Orange pudding with orange crisps
best walnuts, are from your own tree
Grazing table for a 21st birthday
Smoked Beef Dino Ribs
Broccoli Cheddar Soul
I made a recipe YouTube video! Constructive criticism welcome...
My 3yo and I cranked out some pasta dough.
Hamburgers &amp; fries
Fouman Cookie
quesatacos
local breakfast in my country. 30 cloves of roasted garlic and a large sweet onion.
RIBWICH
Korean BBQ bacon cheese burger with curly fries!
Double-Strawberry Cake
Steamed Salmon with Lemon ghee sauce (homemade Ghee), grilled asparagus, and Shrimp Bruschetta.
Spinach Chicago Deep Dish Pizza
Frito Pie
Shrimp and Grits
Fruits of the Forest Pie
Onion rings w/sriracha ranch
Bacon wrapped and goat cheesed stuffed peppers: poblano, jalapeno, cajun belle, and habanero!
Breakfast sandwich.
no cream fettuccine alfredo
Coconut cream pie
eggs, maple sausage, and homefries breakfast platter
Balsamic Roast Chicken
Eggplant/Zucchini lasagna
Grilled lobster and garlic butter
Blueberry cranberry rolls
Ceviche 😍
German sushi
Jambalaya!
Pok Pok Fish Sauce Wings
Chimichangas
Tacos should definitely be considered a love language 💚
State Department accuses China of genocide against Uighur Muslims - Politico
French Onion Chicken Bake.
Valentine's Day spread
El Paso teacher who posted viral video of 1st graders greeting each other dies of COVID-19 - El Paso Times
5 Cheese grilled cheese on bakery sourdough
(HOMEMADE) Meatball Stroganoff
Herb crusted rack of lamb
Flour tortillas are much tastier than most store bought.
Panini with homemade pesto, pan roasted tomatoes/onion, Russian Havarti, Turkey, and avocado
eggdrop soup garnished with parsley and soy sauce to make it look fancy
Potato Patties in Chicken Tomato Sauce
chicken, mushroom, and spinach enchiladas
Musaka
Crispy Orange Beef with Broccoli and Green Onions
Scrap from trimming a US wagyu brisket for NYE. Gone before I could get a good pic of the final product.
Dessert &amp; Charcuterie
Sous vide lamb chops with a cranberry, pear and Cabernet reduction, gruyere mashed potatoes and green beans.
I made a classic BLT
French Onion Soup
Milk peda sweet with roasted cashews. Indian best tasty sweet that can be prepared within 5 min.
Oxtail &amp; shrimp pho
fresh pasta with home grown oyster mushrooms
reverse seared ribeye
A great Acquaintance of mine (@_ssbakes_ on IG) has upped her game in developing as a homebaker in the past few months and I am always so happy to see her make beautiful cakes like these! SSBakes amazes me always ❤️
Breakfast for Dinner
focaccia sandwich with pesto, hot coppa, arugula, and parmesan
Tenderloin, roasted potatoes, fried kale with garlic, lemon pickled red onion, pepper sauce, marinated and fried portobello.
Brisket Chili
I made  Greek Loukoumades, that are a kind of doughnut with no hole, dipped in a honey sirup and springled with nutts
Filet Mignon w/Compound Butter &amp; Wedge Salad
Chili + Bacon
left to right, pepper jack, raspberries, roasted turkey blueberries, sharp cheddar
Roasted Cauliflower
Fried chicken sandwich
sweet potatoes purée, duck breast, roasted vegetables and honey vinegar sauce
The Southern Benny w/ Bacon and two poached eggs over a toasted biscuit topped with Country Sausage Gravy and hash browns.
‘I Have No Money for Food’: Among the Young, Hunger Is Rising - The New York Times
Transcript: Chris Mack talks viral video, UNC blowout, Notre Dame game - Card Chronicle
Cheese Bread Omlette
Veggie and chickpea soup
Crispy onion pretzels
Pea and Prawn Risotto
Panellets (Catalan desert made in autumn)
Lebanese Mezza Sampler
Pork Belly
Chinese Snack Spread
Roast with a side of Apples
tteokbokki
breakfast bao - homemade bao &amp; hollandaise, bacon, breakfast sausage, hash browns and (not pictured) sliced avocado. I need to work on my plating and photography.
Shoyu Ramen with Chashu Pork
Tacos birria with short rib and chuck
Crumbed chicken schnitzel meatballs with basil/tomato sauce and mozzarella, served with a garden salad and potato gems.
pregnancy steak salad 😂 with pasteurized feta, over done steak (counting down the months to being able to have medium rare again) avocado, broccolini, and a citrus vinaigrette. Honestly, it was so random but so delicious.
Macadamia vanilla caramel croissant
Roasted lamb lollipops over sauteed spinach, w/ a loaded hassleback potato
My Attempt at a Lamb Stew
Swedish meatballs with mushroom gravy
Goat Kiefer ferment pancakes, forest pasture raised bacon, egg from the neighbor. Cooked on the wood-burning stove
Takeaway style chinese chicken balls, egg fried rice and curry sauce
Creamy Rigatoni with Asparagus and Seaweeds
Griddled filet, jacket potatoes, sauteed onions and mushrooms, broccoli with cheese sauce.
Orange juice and mint from herb garden
Burger Week
Chicken and Veg Soup
Gngerbread with royal icing and chocolate
Paratha Making Skills of Khan, Ingredients in the End
Banana Pudding Pie
Attempt at making Jägerschnitzel at home
Seared Swordfish with heirloom tomato scampi, valencia orange, capers, roasted leeks &amp; fresh basil.
Braised Beef over Mashed Potatoes
Snowy cupcakes!
CELEBRATING THE SPICIEST MAN ALIVE (GORDON'S) BDAY WITH SOME SPICY CURRY
vegetarian tofu burrito bowl
rainbow cake
bashmoti kacchi biriyani
Broccoli Manchurian Recipe | Tasty Appetizer | Why not to try Manchurian with Broccoli
Asparagus and pancetta
Moroccan sweet Tajine with Chicken Raisins and oignons
Haddock and Jersey Royal potatoes with curried mussel velouté
Spicy roasted pumpkin seeds!
chili
burger game goin strong💪
A charcuterie board I made for my sisters birthday
Dutch oven bread
shredded chicken, old bay spice, lemon pepper, and harissa oil.
Tip for spaghetti
Tigelle with Mortadella and Squacquerone Cheese
Big beautiful loaf of sourdough bread
got drunk af and left my fishsticks in oven overnight
The McRib and fries
pomegranate molasses and honey-glazed meatballs
Chocolate nubs
Roast Leg of Lamb
Moules marinière with kale
Raw fish in coconut cream
Eggs.
cranberry chicken
Cast iron skillet chicken thighs
Slow Cooker Chicken Marsala
Rasta Pasta (with Jerk Chicken and Crab)
Apple pie with bacon lattice topping
Takoyaki (Octopus Balls)
My sausage roll is winking...
Langues de Chat ("Cat's Tongues") dipped in chocolate.
Stop Buying Avocados. Here’s How You Can Grow an Avocado Tree in a Small Pot at Home - Organic and Nutritious
Chicken Cutlet Panini | Roasted Pepper | Pickled Veg | Mozzarella Cheese | Lettuce/Tomato | Mayo
Honey garlic salmon, slow cooker Mac n cheese, &amp; Sautéed asparagus
Bubble Tea Waffles with Caramelita ice cream
“” Mini layer cake with pistachio Macarons!
Crepe cake
Panna cota with strawberry-blueberry-redcurrent coulis
puff pastry with fig jam, goat cheese, thyme, and a drizzle of honey
Spaghetti and Garlic Bread
chicken katsu burgers
lobster and shrimp alfredo,  (:
So I ordered a starter dish called Tuna Tacos at a famous UK restaurant. However, I think it is glorified nachos and definitely not tacos. I am not a Mexican though. Any thoughts? Is this Nachos or Tacos?
Italian sub with ground chicken, provolone cheese, and brushed with roasted garlic oregano infused olive oil
Sticky Pork Belly Bao Bun
Bacon Egg and Cheese with chives on Everything Bagel
Kale, Mushroom, Pineapple Burger
In/Out burger attempt 01 - three cuts of beef patty secret sauce
Sea Salt Soft Pretzels
Spatchcock Roasted Chicken for the family by me on my 25th birthday party. 🥰
potato puffs
Venison Osso Bucco and Risotto Milanese
Steak night is the best night!
Detroit Style
carbonara, Brussels sprouts, steak
New England Boiled Dinner
French Toast and Bacon, breakfast for din-din.
Snickers cake
Cheesecake with mixed berry jam
Chocolate cake with chocolate caramel crunch filling and buttercream detail
Chile roasted chicken enchiladas with red New Mexico Hatch Chile sauce
Chipotle chicken taco with cilantro lime rice, Onion and Jalapeño Black beans on Homemade tortilla
Can u believe  all this Mcdonalds? bc, I did.
Chocolate Dipped Donut Rings
Sexy Bacon!
Lemon, peach, funfetti and banana nut crunch ice cream
local Chinese food
I’ll see your al pastor and raise you al pastor, asada, barbacoa, cochinita pibil,and carnitas.
Shrimp and Lobster Romaine Salad Homemade
Baozis
First attempt of making cast iron pizza! Topped with mozzarella, calabrese salami, onion, jalapeño, and honey
Pulled Pork Nachos
Duck breast with sweet potatoes and hot yogurt sauce
Viral Video: Angry Goat Attacks Woman During Selfie Video, Netizens Suggests to Wear a Helmet Next Time| Watc - India.com
Pineapple Soy Short Rib
Japanese A5 Wagyu New York Strip Roast
Caramel Egg Pudding.
Rolled ice cream from Chinatown in Chicago
Biden Administration, Immigration and Stimulus News: Live Updates - The New York Times
killer sandwich
New to making/eating Detroit style pizza
THC Hawai'i Chocolate Rainbows! 100mg each and shiny  TREE TO BAR!
Chicago Style Hot Dog
Red-Wine Braised Short Ribs Over Gnocchi
Chutney Cheese Brioche Rolls!
Khao soi - I did not make this  this
Christmas Breakfast of Butter Basted Prime Ribeye, Eggs, and Potatoes
Sweet potato gnocchi with balsamic glaze and Parmesan
Christmas Cookies made by my Daughter
Fat potato
Trong dây chuyền làm chả cá, để tăng độ giòn dai tự nhiên của chả, người ta sử dụng máy để trộn đảo thịt cá với các loại gia vị. Bếp Đỏ cung cấp máy quết chả cá nhiều công suất khác nhau phù hợp với mọi nhu cầu của khách hàng. #máyquếtchảcáđanăng #máyquếtchảcátựđộng #máytrộnchảcá
Satay Chicken Sausage Rolls with a satay Dipping sauce
fried mushrooms!
Falafel sandwiches with oat &amp; mushroom soup
Beef burger on homemade brioche bun
Wild dove, parsnip puree, pearl oyster mushroom, spruce sprout powder and cranberry red wine reduction.
apple crumb stuffed pecan crusted French toast
food containing gluten or dairy and always felt so bad due to food intolerance. So built this cool ingredients analyzer with a friend to help me spot bad ingredients on food labels, restaurant menus, and recipes. Peel The App is a cool tool that helped me and I hope it helps others too:)
Chicken Tikka Masala and Butter Naan
Rugelach filled with nutella
attempt to peanut butter noodle
A War between SIREN HEAD and ANNOYING ORANGE - ASMR Comiendo Kluna Tik e...
PB oat dog cookies
Chicken Fajitas with Handmade Tortillas
Mocha Macarons w/ Chocolate Sprinkles!
California Burrito topped with fresh pico de Gallo and red salsa sauce. Crispy tortilla and well done Carne Asada.
X6 different kinds of Ramen
Shrimp and salmon ravioli in bisque.
Pasta
Mini Donuts
"Kaiserschmarrn"
Healthy Vegetarian Soup 🥑
Mini Party Sub
Forrest berry and champagne mousse cake
Standing Rib Roast
Sunday gravy simmering all day...
dim sum
Made crepes for breakfast :)
Strawberry cheesecake
lasagnwich
Chicken pasta with Parmesan tomatoes and Garlic bread made out of hot dog buns
Cauliflower Crusted, Hold-In-Your-Hand, Goat Cheese, Onions, Yellow Peppers, Black Olive, Mushroom Pizza, with Pesto and Balsamic Vinegar
German Chocolate Cake -
- Waffles With Chocolate and Strawberries
Okonomiyaki with sesame-roasted asparagus
Chicken pot pie with  butter puff pastry crust
Baked cinnamon donuts, with candied kumquats, crushed pistachios &amp; cranberry pieces.
Beef filet with sweet potatoes, red wine shallots and vegetables
Cheesy Cauliflower Pithivier
Beef Dumplings
Filet Mignon Fried Rice
Butternut squash risotto
Turkey meatballs for days
whatever's in the fridge
Steak chunks, tostones, sweet and spicy sauce.
a dozen Maryland crabs
Vegetarian Yellow Split Pea Soup
Chicken Pot Pie with biscuit toppers
Duck Poutine
sanuki wagyu
Miso and Honey Glazed Chilean Sea Bass in a Dashi Broth
Maafe
Gluten Free Pappardelle and Meatballs
Bao dumplings (rice noodles, hard boiled egg, bok choy and minced beef filling)
Braided apple pie
Boerewors &amp; Penne
IND vs ENG 3rd Test: WTC final spot at stake as India face England - Times of India
Banana Date Caramel Twix bars
lasagna !
Pumpkin Oreo Cheesecake
Rosemary Bread
Chicken tinga tacos
Berry marzipan from baking polymerclay
Three cheese venison meatball sub with parsnip chips and onion dip
Moroccan flatbread “meloui” stuffed with onions and peppers
okonomiyaki Osaka-style
Multiple In-N-Out cheeseburgers and they were very tasty
Macarons.
Fried Cod. Fish and chips style
Chicken Parmesan
Slovak donuts with jam.
Bacon wrapped meatball with Guacamole
Island Honey Infused Salted Caramel Pretzel Bark
folded mafaldine (reginette) w porcini ragu
Raspberry Fig Frangipane Galette
Opera Cake for Wedding
Spicy tomato pasta &amp; brocoli.
Pulled Pork Sandwich with Homemade Garlic &amp; Parmesan Potato Chips and Pickled Peppers
this huge slice of pizza with Mac &amp; cheese and bacon on top
Schwarzwäldertorte
Chicken with lemon sauce
Real easy Trader Joe’s breakfast on Deck.
Bruschetta with tomatoes and basil
Rosemary and apricot braised chicken thighs with creamy carrot purée, “Melting“ potatoes, roasted brussels sprouts, and crispy fried chicken skins.
A risotto with a broiled cheese crust bottom and heart pepper 🌶 ❤️
Venison tenderloin and heart with balsamic reduction
Currywurst
Buffalo chicken melt
Birthday Breakfast Charcuterie Board
“ramen” with thick cut bacon, kimchi, green onions, nori, and homemade broth
Reverse sear prime rib
Pineapple pumpkin layer cake with cream cheese frosting.
Grilled steak, shrimp and elotes, loaded baked potato, bacon green beans, and salad. Southern feast!
Atukula Kesari in Telugu ఆరోగ్యకరమైన అటుకుల రవ్వ కేసరి తయారీ విధానం
Tagliatelle alla Bolognese
Pudding (made from gin, by Four Pillars) with  gin &amp; tonic ice cream using Four Pillars Christmas gin (made from pudding) and Fentiman's Valencia Orange Tonic.
pupusas
sushi!
Enriched White Sourdough
Grilled chicken and sweet potato
Diabetes during pregnancy linked to heart disease risk - India TV News
Sous vide, reverse seared pork chops.
Beef patty with cholula, cheese and wrapped in puff pastry.
I ate katsu chicken, a side of sesame spinach salad and a mound of rice with a pickled plum on top 🍱 happy cooking 🧑‍🍳
Shrimp pasta
Creamy Butternut Squash &amp; Parmesan Pasta w/ Buttered Baguette.
Food Like  Mealed® Food App
Gram Flour Balls
Penne Vodka
Relaxing Slime Compilation ASMR | Oddly Satisfying Slime ASMR Videos #37
Steak Frites with Jus
Beef bourguignon, mashed potatoes and Yorkshire puddings
chicken and home made noodles served with home made ricotta yeast roles
Strawberry Taho (Soy Pudding)
Finnish style ryebread
Candy cane chocolate bar
Bacon, Egg and Cheese
This is some  delicious steak I ate for New Year’s.
Chocolate Cake with Chocolate Butter Cream Frosting
Cast iron chicken pepperoni pizza
Chicken breast stuffed with cream cheese, mozzarella, and spinach. Wrapped in bacon and topped with a homemade mushroom sauce over cauliflower rice.
slow cooked, rubbed and smoked lamb shoulder. Came out very tender.
Asian inspired baked halibut
Japanese Curry and Rice
Steak with sweet potato wedges and mint garlic sauce
Samsung Galaxy S21 Series Pre-Booking Freebies Include Phone Cover Worth Rs. 3,849 - Gadgets 360
sea urchin and beef tar tar

xixipee virus
Nashville hot chicken sandwich with roasted red potatoes
gouda stuffed burgers with onion and Vietnamese garlic mayo.
Beef Wellington
Pavo entero a la parrilla - RECETAS DE COCINA CASERAS
Chocolate cake with cream...
Food Lab's Broccoli Parmesan Soup
Swedish meatballs, mashed potatoes, and roasted broccoli.
pokè bowl
Dry Aged Steaks
Fried SPAM, egg, and cheese on a toasted ciabatta bun
Stir-Fried Pork, Green Beans, and Red Bell Pepper with Gingery Oyster Sauce
this prosciutto wet mozzarella pesto and roasted red pepper sandwich
Pumpkin Shaped Cheese Ball
Century Eggs
Texas brisket, mac and cheese, baked beans, and cornbread.
Cast iron 30-day dry-aged ribeye topped with homemade white truffle butter and thyme. Served with pan-seared garlic asparagus and herbed butter rice pilaf.
Boston Creme and Cookie Dough Filled Donuts
Bowmore
Spicy KFC chicken
Oh no, I’m stuck, Ha, Gotcha
Herb butter pork chops!
every milk and ranked it so you don’t have to
Thai inspired spicy chicken noodles
pretzels!
Patatas Bravas with smokey paprika chicken, roasted veg and m aioli
Bún Bò Huế
hot dog with cream cheese, caramelized onions and jalapenos
Salmon Sashimi
Bacon cheese and onion omelet
Pesto spaghetti with chicken 🐔, hot chili and Parmigiano
Chipotle BLT. Simple pleasures.
Durian
Whisky BBQ sauce
My SO made this mouthwatering Bibimpap for an IG contest, since she does not have many friends I wanted to "surprise" her. Please leave her a like onher IG so she has chance of winning ❤️
cheese and tomato panini
Peanut Butter Cookies
Dolsot Bibimbap
Veg Paella or Pulao!
Breakfast pizza - Spicy Bloody Mary sauce + gouda cheese + maple breakfast sausage + hashbrowns + eggs topped with tomatoes and cilantro
Thomahawk steak I cooked on Sunday
Christmas tree sponge cake with wild blueberry jam, cream cheese filling and covered in marzipan.
Plum Tart

72 hour beef wellington.
Nautical cookies ⛵️
Homemade Chilli &amp; Tomato soup. Perfect for these cold mornings! Now.. Where did I put the blender?!
Moroccan cookies assortments
Beef/pork kebab with tzatziki sauce and roasted vegetables
Chocolate Raspberry Drip Cake
chicken Alfredo/Marinera
Beef stew with potatoes, peas and carrots.
Copycat Levain Chocolate Peanut Butter Chip Cookies.
Pan Seared Yellowfin Tuna Steaks
Cornish hen, mashed potatoes, and roasted carrots! (Ft. A store bought GF roll) ~ Hope everyone has a happy and safe Thanksgiving!
Garlic pasta with mushrooms and steak
the new Beatles-themed tasting menu at Osteria Francescana (cuttlefish/squid ink salad; 5 ages of parmesan; black cod with green curry sauce; yoghurt crumble with fruit/veg granita)
Steak (rare), baked potato, mushrooms and chillies
Bienenstich or the German Bee Sting Cake made with a sweet yeast (brioche) dough and topped with honey and almonds which caramelise on being baked. Halved and filled the pastry cream at the end.
24 hours baby baked ribs
No-Knead Bread - The New York Times Recipe
Chile Colorado with fresh made refried beans and ancho lime rice.
Tofu Chicken Nuggets
date chocolate
Nachos
Gnocchi
Meatball sub
Sunny side up eggs, bacon and toast
Breakfast chorizo taco: fried potatoes, sliced avocado, chorizo, cheese, and a sunny side up egg.
Fire Lasagna
Vegetable wraps with chicken and hotsauce
chicken n waffles
peanut butter chocolate chonk cookies.
Butter basted steak, chopped, diced jalapeno and green bell pepper, with Monterey jack and cheddar cheese wrapped in a lettuce hand roll.
Red Pepper and Tomato Soup with Jalepeño and Cream Cheese Kielbasa and Cheddar Bisquits on the Side
Pulled pork nachos from the cafeteria with nacho and shredded cheese, bbq sauce, and salsa.
kimchi fried rice
Roast Duck
Bacon egg and cheese on a kaiser roll
Mini no bake cheesecakes: L - mint chocolate, R - Irish Coffee
Green Mango Salad Recipe
https://ift.tt/35TYmZs
Thai Pad Kra Pao (pork, chilli &amp; holy basil stir-fry), vegetables with prawns, egg fried rice
Mommy's recipe
Random talk while eating DIMSUM
German Sausage and Cabbage Stew
a Clam bake at the shore
Lamb Shawarma with Pilau rice, salad and hummus
Chicken pot pie!
fudgy brownies with assorted toppings
ground beef+veggie invention over sticky white rice with mirin
Shrimp Po' Boy
Lobster Eggs Benedict
Veg Fried Rice with Garlic Pickles
Vegetarian Chili with Avocado, Sour Cream, &amp; Fresh Cilantro (and some buttered peasant bread)
sirloin steak cooked in a garlic butter, on top of mash potatoes with a side of asparagus drizzled with a balsamic reduction.
For Halloween we had a Harry Potter themed dinner. Roast beef with gravy, Yorkshire puddings, roast potatoes, cauliflower cheese, and buttered peas.
Harvest chicken
AMONG US está o meu JANTAR#2 - Cozinhando ASMR Vídeo engraçado Stop Moti...
Chicken and wild rice soup
Veal Parmigiana over penne and peas
Steak Sandwich and Rosemary Potatoes
Chicken Tikka Masala and Garlic Naan
Thali
"" "homemade" #"i ate" Idiyappam"#"chef" jaga doing rice string hoppers#sandhavai#sevai#nool puttu#noolappam#shya...
black pasta. We eat with our eyes.
Austrian cutlets.
handmade tagliatelle, clam sauce
Caramelised onion, feta, black garlic balsamic, and bacon pizza
Heating a burrito in the correct form.
Pies.
sashimi boat
In these sad times, this truly put a smile on my face
keyword tooldominator youtube account 2020
Torrijas
Triple Cheese Grilled Cheese
Black Garlic Burger
Pepperoni Jalapeño Pizza with Mozzarella, Parmesan, &amp; Romano cheese
Beef Brisket
Record high order book is one of the many positives of L
Agar Gummies!
Baked NY-style cheesecake
Pit Beef on Onion Buns
Tater Tot, Chicken, &amp; Cheese Lasagne
Tequeños
CHEESE BALLS
chestnut terrine
Wagyu Tri Tip
Potato Soup
sour cabbage rolls and nalysnyky :)
Whole wheat, pepper jack and leftover cheese and shells melt.
Pumpkin ravioli
beef stew, mashed potatoes, carrots
mussels in blue cheese 🤤
Char Siu Pork Puffs
Eggplant Parm
Makhandi Halwa | Makhadi Halwa Recipe In Urdu By Raashi's Kitchen
Fruit Cake
Bolognese with fresh parpqdelle
Flamin’ Hot Omelette
Blood Orange Upside-down olive oil cake
Crème chocolat with raspberry coulis
a rice cake with peanut butter and dark chocolate chips on top
salt and pepper shrimp
I tested positive for CoVid, so I’m celebrating Christmas alone under quarantine. Now I have a feast thanks to my friends &amp; family for sending over diff food.
boneless New York Strip
Chocolate Lava Cake with hand whipped cream, fresh strawberries and strawberry macaron (didnt make the macaron)
Ground pork and bamboo shoots bibimbap
Crispy Shrimp Spring Rolls
Potato Pancake Pizza
red beans and rice
Marble Cake
Ksheer Dairy Organic Cow Milk Delhi NCR Pure Desi Order Now 4
Filet Lo Mein with fresh noods
Panko/tempura fish tacos and fried rice
Meatballs with one egg and french fries
Swiss and ham sandwich on fluffy French toast bread topped with a fried egg and potatoes on the side
Taro Crystal Dumplings
Red Velvet Cake 🍰
Handmade pasta with San Marzano tomato sauce
Ram-Don (Jjapaguri 짜파구리) from the movie "Parasite"!
Tagine and chips
Turkey, cornbread stuffing, spicy sweet potatoes
Cast Iron Grilled Herbed Goat and Cheddar Cheese Sandwich on Sourdough Bread
Pupusas
Tomato Fried Eggs
Candied Strawberries
Sourdough. Water, flour, salt.
Late post of the valentines dinner I made. Roasted butternut squash, and charred onion purée with seared scallops, and angel hair pasta with lemon garlic butter and white wine.
Blueberry Chutney
Sweet Potato “Hash”, Arugula, Poached Eggs
Grilled Pesto Chicken Flatbreads W/roasted garlic cloves, fresh mozzarella balls, and pickled red onion.
Yakitori. Japanese BBQ.
meat pies. Happy Pi day!
salsa
TWICE BAKED POTATO CASSEROLE
banana bread :0
corn tortilla tacos
Maple Glazed Sweet Potatoes With Lentils
Made some homemade ramen, which was more of a process than I thought it would be. Turned out really great!!
"Honey Mustard Steak"
Mozzarella Carozza
- Chicken and Gnocchi Soup
I, an Englishman, tried to make spätzle from a German post I saw a couple days ago, how did I do?
Buldak (Korean "fire chicken")
Assorted sushi
Rolled Flank Steak With Prosciutto, Basil, Roasted Red Bell Pepper, and Parmesan Cheese
Smoked cheddar, Jalapeno sausage and veggies stir fry.
Rocky Road
Royal Pad Thai
Honey jalapeño bacon cheeseburgers
Baklava - also made with homemade phyllo dough
Lemon Cakes
Weeknight ramen  except the noodles
Today is English Breakfast Day, let's celebrate!
elotes
Chicken Parmesan School Lunch Recreation
Fresh raviolo with egg yoke and ricotta filling, pan seared in and a garlic herb nutmeg brown butter. Topped with a pesto/ricotta sauce
Falafel salad!
Wonton soup AND fried wontons
Would you rather have 3 tacos with rice and beans or 5 tacos
Sausage and Onion Pizza
Rice vermicelli noodles with a tamarind based gravy served with a boiled egg
bread.
Watermelon
Red-sauce pasta!
Oven baked pasta
Lasagna with bechamel
Freshly ground chuck and pork meatballs
Smoked Brisket by a Friend
Rosemary Crème Brûlée
Parmesan Rice.
Chicken Cordon Bleu
Au Gratin potatoes, Sautéed Brussel Sprouts with bacon, cast iron seared Lamb loin chops, and persillade relish.
Cajun Crusted Pork Tenderloin/Hand Cut Fries
Garlic Cream Cheese Spinach stuffed Bacon wrapped Chicken Breasts.

How to Make the Most Amazing Chocolate Cake | So Yummy Cake Decorating Tutorials | Spirit of Cake
Kimchi Stuffing Waffles with Roasted Pork, Miso Corn and Ssam Sauce.
The Wrong Kind Of Burn  the McDonald's Spicy McNuggets)
Rosemary, garlic, olive and sun dried tomato focaccia bread. Topped with a chili-garlic infused olive oil
Red Wine Poached Pears
ST Patty’s Lucky Charm Cookies
I made  Paella for Valentine’s Day dinner! 🥘❤️💝
Al Pastor Tacos
A half Italian Wedding Soup, half Chicken Quesadilla pizza on a cracker thin crust
Lotus biscoff baked yogurt cheesecake!
bacon and kimchi udon
Great crisp on the ritto.
3 Kgs Maggi in this Food Eating Challenge and still lost it.
Scrambled eggs with vegetables
fresh berries
Prawn noodles.
bbq chicken-bacon-deer sausage-ranch stuffed crust smoked pizza
Texas Is Facing a Food Supply Nightmare in Wake of Blackouts - Yahoo Finance
Jalapeño goat cheese burger with smoky carrot fries. Blue apron recipe.
Brown Sugar Glazed Spiral Ham
Happy Medium
- Short Ribs with Creamy Mashed Potatoes
My attempt at making the Russian Honey Cake.
Butter Chicken, dhal &amp; rice
snowman macarons
poached eggs &amp; salmon on toasted muffins
the only halal(?) birria taco in NYC queens
Egyptian recipe for ribs
Caprese Crostini
Merry Brisketmas
Fluffy protein pancakes.
Milanesa, Papas Fritas, Choripan, Chimichurri, Salsa Criolla
Tomato Egg Noodles with Chili Oil
Leftover combo- breakfast casserole with rotel dip, and sausage ball topper.
My version of Brimstone Bread
Szechuan Style Fish
इस पिज़्ज़ा सॉस से पिज़्ज़ा बनेगा लाजवाब | How To Make Pizza Sauce At Home |...
Banana cake with homemade strawberry compote filling &amp; strawberry buttercream.
Breakfast skillet hash with homemade cheddar jalapeño scones.
Bacon and goat cheese sandwich with fig spread and honey on toasted sourdough bread.
Chocolate truffle cake
Orange Duck
I made Thanksgiving this year
sausage and pesto pizza
fish &amp; chip supper
tacos!
Deep fried mashed potato balls
Vietnamese garlic sticky wings
Detroit style half cheese half pepperoni. Parmesan crust. Basil.
smoked Wagyu brisket
Shepherd's pie stuffed baked potato.
Cattleman’s cut, reverse sear
smoked gooda covered rotisserie chicken
Surf and Turf
Cake for Cake Day
FruityPebble Strawberry Cheesecake Taco
A chocolate cake looks like a cheese
"" 100 hours Brownies
Beef steak stroganoff
cute salad with cranberry persimmon nutmeg vinaigrette
Peppermint White Chocolate Cookies 🎄
Authentic Nashville Hot Chicken
Rainbow Cake
Brobonara! Broccoli carbonara , One plate of diet in the microwave ,
Eggs over easy with toast and juice
Instant noodle ramen soup
Hey guys i have made this cake !!!
mushroom sauce. I am gradually learning more.
Belgian chocolate waffles
beef pho with sliced ribeye and oxtail
cream puffs 😋
Browned butter skillet cornbread
Whiskey with a side of breakfast.
sweet potato crust quiche with spinach filling
Slow Cooker Beef Bourguignon and Buttermilk Biscuits
Oreo brownies
Egg &amp; Bacon Brioche Muffin
an iced mocha
Grilled hamburger casserole
I kept it simple for breakfast. White toast with butter and cinnamon.
caramel apple empanada
Comfort Food Instant Noodles
Leftovers Sanger (basically an entire Xmas dinner!)
Let’s talk meatballs. Favorite recipes, techniques and other little things that make for a juicy meatball!
Garlic Confit with thyme and peperoncino
How To Make Homemade Ketchup In 6 Easy Steps!
Mock apple pie
Orange-Blueberry Pie
Bubble Milk Tea
Italian sloppy joes.
Election = pizza
birthday cake 🎂
Swedish Meatballs
Sous Vide Venison Loin with Roasted Brussel Sprouts and Kale
Rainbow layered cake.
Grilled chz and pepperoni!
Litti Chokha.
Burger
Chicken roulade with cauliflower puree and chimichurri sauce
My New Year’s tradition bowl of Pho.
dough and pizza. Turned out really good.
Chicken &amp; Waffles
Turkish künefe. The best desert i ever had.
Yum! Matcha Soft Serve Ice Cream
Avacado Toast
Tilapia served with creamy ginger coconut rice, honey garlic glazed roasted carrots and a tangy tomato sauce
pumpkin face stuffed peppers.
Turkey and Century Egg Congee
American chop suey made with the impossible burger
Korean Garlic Bread
Spicy Guacamole
I hope I made this Cheese Cake right.
stuffed peppers for dinner tonight
Shawarma Pizza
Fried foods may taste good, but they up your chance of having major cardiovascular problems, such as a heart attack, by 28 percent - The Washington Post
Get a $500 Bath &amp; Body Works Gift Gard!
I know this isn’t super professional compared to all the other stuff on this stuff but I made ramen with some help from my mother!
Brown University researchers have shown a way to make bulk metals by smashing tiny metal nanoparticles together - India Education Diary
Shrimp &amp; Andouille Gumbo
Sausage &amp; potatoes topped with fresh cheddar &amp; mozzarella, sriracha &amp; green onions (usually there’s also cilantro, but I was out)
(Homemade) Giant snickers
Velvety and spiced Pakistani beef stew
,Mực KHỔNG LỒ Nướng Bơ Tỏi CỰC DỊ cùng Thánh Nấu Ăn Stop Motion Funny A...
Chicken Wings 3 Ways: Honey/Soy/Ginger, Thai Green Curry, Hawaiian BBQ
Bacon, Egg, and Cheese Breakfast Burrito
Spicy Miso Ramen
Mushroom, black olive, and prosciutto pizza
cheese bomb thingy
Fried Ribs Tips
Strawberry cupcakes w/ cream cheese icing
Bourbon maple cholula chicken wings
mushroom, red onion, chilli sausage beef and smoked cheddar pizza on a base of home made cane sauce.
olive oil upgrade 🤯
I Ate Badingo's Extra Buffalo Buffalo Wings and Now I Can Only See the Color Red
Veggie Platter and Cheese dip
Strata
butter cookies
Japanese pancakes!
burger and garlic fries
It’s not food but I’m super stoked about my new magnetic knife strip, I don’t have any super nice knives but I love it.
Christmas dinner: ham hock, mushroom Wellington, potato croquettes, cranberry sauce, honey mustard sprouts with bacon
Zucchini waffles
strip steak and pork belly
buttermilk pancakes with sprinkles, bacon and fresh strawberries with agave syrup
Pot of gold cake my mom made for my birthday
Chili Half Smoke
Chocolate pie. Happy Pi Day!
Crispy Pork Belly w/rice
Spiced Pumpkin Souffle
Chicken Nachos! Homemade made refried beans, Sous vide queso, Shredded roja chicken breast, Fresh Pico, Sour cream, my Actually Hot Carolina reaper sauce
chocolate truffles for everyone
Pancakes with Avocado and Cheese Omelet and Bacon
Pizza ^-^
Pepperoni and Mushroom pizza
Fettuccine Alfredo with chicken and bacon bits
Sous Vide Dry aged steaks finished on the grill
Chicken burger with bacon, cheese, red onion, mayo and salad.
The Offensive Burger
Korean pulled pork and BBQ sauce, Kimchi mayonaise, Hobak Bokkeum (Stir-fried Zucchini)

Meringues
enjoy this delicious deal  this and feel in love
Pastiera Napoletana
Ramen with beef rib meat, soft boiled egg and togarashi
healthy vegetable lasagna with white sauce
Creamy Garlic Prawns with Hokkien noodles
Red Velvet Halloween Cake
Sourdough Cinnamon-Raisin Swirl Bread
Pistachio and Walnut rolled Baklava
Carbonara, no cream
Pão de Queijo focaccia
everything Pumpkin Spice
Boner petit
breakfast burritos
Double pepper chicken with sweet pepper chickpeas and crunchy pepper salsa
I made a cake. It's a vanilla cake filled with pastry cream and iced in Swiss merengue buttercream. Bon appetit!
Rainbow layered cake
Poblano Chicken Mac n Cheese
I love to grill out but  a burger cooked in the air fryer, It’s delicious
Honey Lemon Dill Chicken With Cous Cous
blueberry belgium waffles
Burns Supper - haggis, neeps and tatties 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿
creamy mushroom sauce with chicken
sesame-covered wheat bread
Sriracha / honey (little this, little that) wings.
rainbow cheesecake
Rendang family style
Trying my best to be in the Holiday Spirit with these macarons
RED onion powder &amp; flakes
Sourdough Cinnmon rolls with copycat Cinnabon icing
Peking Duck and Mushroom Omelette with Hoisin Sauce
My best version of plant based cookies
The best Baklava
miso peanut butter cookies with salted caramel sauce
Bone in akiushi ribeye and chicken thighs! Nom, nom! Happy spring break.
gooey brownies
Receita de panqueca para bebês
Bacon wrapped Jalapeños with a garlic raspberry jam sauce. Fresh side salad with roasted tomato and ginger dressing.
chicken and cheese taquitos
Fresh jalapeno poppers are the best jalapeno poppers
Hot Ham and Cheddar w/ Garlic Aioli
Loaded potatoes
Plantain Waffle (w/ scallops, shrimp, avocado and cream)
Biscuits soaked in syrup
Instant Noodles
Trade Bitcoins like a Pro. Complete training course
Marinated skirt steak and homemade salsa with garden-grown peppers
Aloo Palak Pakistani Curry
Honeybee Doughnuts
Quasadillas
Candied salmon / salmon jerky. King salmon, brined overnight, cold smoked for 3 hours and finished at 180 for another 4 😍
Tri-tip, Mac 'N Cheese, and Coleslaw
BBQ/Bacon/Meatball/Pepperoni Pizza
Mushroom risotto and roasted asparagus
Rotisserie style wings and Fries.
Cast Iron Seared Flank Steak and Garlic Butter
Grilled tomato chutney with boiled basmati rice, mince curry &amp; salad
Champions League snacks from yesterday
white chocolate walnut truffles
cinnamon rolls with brown butter icing + berry fruit salad
Cops want group seen celebrating CNY at Bukit Ketumbar in viral video to come forward - The Star Online
Sloppy Joe
Mediterranean baked snappers.
Conchas
Creamy, onion &amp; garlic tikka masala
Moroccan Chicken Pastilla
An Oyster Dinner
unagi/eel sushi with a bit of sriracha for a twist
Churro-inspired blondie
Lechon, or roasted pig. By far the best pork I've had in my life
mozzarella, pesto, tomato and pine nut paninis and a Belgian bun.
Chocolate Mousse
Hungarian goulash (gulyas)
Hasselback potatoes with cheddar cheese
Lava Cake
Vegan Swedish Cinnamon Buns
cioppino 🙃
Deer Stew
chocolate crepes
Ube cheese pan de sal
Mock chicken from tofu
Fried Dough
Garlic butter pasta
Peanut butter &amp; banana stuffed french toast on homemade brioche
Texture, rheology, storage stability, and sensory evaluation of meringue's prepared from lipase enzyme‐modified liquid egg white
Detroit style pizza with real Wisconsin brick cheese.
Fall Cupcakes
Sous vide mallard salad
Teriyaki butterfish, rice, okinawan sweet potato w/ store bought lau lau and poi (sorry the picture isn't that great my mom instantly started eating it)
Arroz e feijão com farofa yoki 🇧🇷
chocolate gifts 🍫
: Jamie Oliver’s Beef Ragù
French-Canadian traditional turkey diner
I made this giant burger!
Smoked Brisket, Smoked Ribs, Mac and Cheese
pie!
Star Wars Cake for hubby’s 40th birthday
lamb chops with onion
Momma got all excited to try her own after I showed her this subreddit
Pretty happy with how my turkey turned out this year!
Irish black angus steak!
perfect roasties
Supper Club at Home Roasted Chicken, Wedge Salad, Shrimp cocktail, rosemary potatoes, bacon wrapped water chestnuts, pickle tray
Pan-Seared Fresh caught Yellowtail with mustard seeds, cumin, and ginger on bed of rice
French Fries with Ramen Seasoning
Chinese bakery-inspired buns
charcuterie table
sourdough loaf
Lobster, shrimp, mashed, beans, mixed veg 👍🏼
sushi
Cheddar Garlic Biscuits
quick crustless quiche. So delicious, quick, and uses up random things in the fridge!
Top Sirloin, with creamy cognac peppercorn sauce; with crisp lemon herb potatoes and parmesan coated asparagus
Carbonara (plus peas)
Chicken paitan ramen
Best grilled cheese ever.  sourdough + mozz + truffles + basil + garlic with homemade chipotle mayo. Grilled in coconut oil.
sushi 🍣 variation
CHOCOLATE CHIP COOKIES
Korean wheat noodle stir fry with veggies n chicken w/ homemade chili oil
Duck ramen
birria tacos!!
pork belly burnt ends
SUSHI
Bulgogi Kim Bab
Made an awesome smoked cheeseburger during my last camping trip
Swedish meatballs
traditional california english breakfast
German Dampfnudel with Vanilla sauce
pasta and sauce with blackened chicken and garlic toast
Samoa Brownie Cheesecake for your consideration.
Apple cupcakes with a caramel buttercream frosting and a caramel drizzle
Braised pork shoulder with wild mushrooms and fondant potatoes
2 pork chops
Chocolate Pudding Dessert
Baked egg patties recipe/ how to make baked patties/ easy evening snack recipe
sous vide, bone in ribeye.
pizza with cashew mozzarella.
Brisket Nachos, with roasted salsa.
Idk what would be a gud title so just upv0te pls
chive and egg dumplings
Valentines Steak au poivre w/ potato au gratin and green beans
Charges Dropped Against 15-Year-Old Accused In Viral Manhattan Bike Attacks - CBS New York
Scrabled eggs and toast
Bacon Hash w/ Cheddar and Eggs
Kimchi Fried Rice &amp; Baked Salmon
Käsespätzle (trans. cheese noodles)
This giant Slovenian Holiday cake (named "Potratna potica"- wasteful cake). It's made from several layers of dark and light biscuits and from two fillings: walnut and cottage cheese.
Chiken curry with cream
Hummus
Truffle, Burrata, Prosciutto Cotto &amp; Ham Raviolis
Cuomo Sexual Harassment Accusation Is Referred to Albany Police - The New York Times
prosciutto di parma and arugula pizza
Extra spicy cheesy kimchi ramen with air fried spam
Korean dumplings
Reese's Pieces Fudge
Chocolate Oreo Cake
Pav Bhaji Indian Street Food
Christmas desert Maine style
Pastrami and Ham Sandwich
three tier afternoon tea set
Made dinner for my family. I always saw this done and tried it for myself.
Eggs Benny with turkey ham!
End of summer caprese chicken sandwich
Bak Kwa
general taoliflower
Exotic eats pt2- Yak Tacos
Spicy Garlic Shrimp
A Crepe
Lemon Pepper Tofu
Chicken &amp; Sweetcorn soup
Pepperoni, Bacon, and Pineapple Pan Pizza
Lorighittas &amp; salt, pepper n lemongrass fish
Broiled beef ribs and rye toast with sliced tomato and green onion.
Grilled Beef Skewers
Pakistan cafe owners mock manager’s English, viral video irks people - Hindustan Times
Finished Adobo Chili-marinaded Chicken/Sausage kabobs
Steak 'n Sides (Tenderstem Broccoli, Potato Gratin, and Sautéed Garlic-Butter Mushrooms)
Sautéed shallot, portobello mushroom and bacon quiche with sharp cheddar, hard provolone and goat cheese
Saturday snack
Pineapple Kimchi will be your new favourite summer side dish. It's easy, cheap and healthy. I recently started a YouTube channel after 10+ years of working in restaurants as a chef. I focus on modern Korean and Asian dishes. Consider subscribing if you're into learning about Asian food.
Pork Siu Mai
Some cake or some pizza what should I consume?
Shrimp Pasta Alfredo
Improve brain functions
basque burnt cheesecake with berry sauce
Cream Cheese pound Cake
Dry-aged steak and fried eggs with hash browns, coffee, and mimosas.
Kimchi Jjigae
Comfort food. Garlic Parmesan Fries with chili dogs.
Spanish Chicken &amp; Rice
Chicken cutlets made the Italian way!!
Air-fried Creole shrimp and remoulade.
Parmesan celery
salmon avocado sushi
Red Velvet Rose Cupcake
I've finally perfected my Chicken Fried Rice recipe!
Eye of Round Roast
Gunkans
Chicken Souvlaki with homemade tzatzki and lemon rice on only the finest china
Crispy chicken nuggets
Roast pork tenderloin and baby red potatoes
Roasted tomato and garlic soup with a classic grilled cheese.
Chicken katsu loco moco
Mix Masala Supreme Sandwich
house cured dill, juniper, peppercorn gravlax.
Steak and Chips
belated Valentine’s dinner for my weary florist medium rare sirloin seared and finished in oven, shrimp scampi, Brie bread with roasted garlic, roast asparagus with parmigiano-reggiano and peppitas, and a baked potato
Pavlova with whipped cream, lemon curd, and raspberry compote. Every element is homemade but I bought the raspberries and lemons 😉
Taco in a skillet
Mini Chocolate Donuts
Orange Chicken Panda Express Copycat
Cinnamon Roll with Cream Cheese Icing
Mash potatoes with cabbage rolls
Roasted Brussels sprouts with bitter, garlic and bacon.
Garlic Parmesan focaccia
Drunken Noodles/Pad Kee Mao
shark and blue angel mocktail
Steak and potatoes
Fresh green lip mussels I dove for and salad and ceviche straight from the vegetable garden.
BRAMBLE!!!
Matcha Greenies 🍵
Beef tenderloin
Grilled pumpkin and cheese flan
Chicken Red Enchiladas
ButterCream Icing, Chocolate Fudge Cake
Lasagna
Blue cheese Bavette steak
San Martino cookie
Fillet
fried jojo potato wedges
""Chakra pongali recipe
Fresh kimchi with toasted sesame seeds and steamed rice
Fried thyme Salmon, lemon-parm rissoto and garlic-butter basted carrots
3 types of deviled eggs-original, guac, buffalo
Chicken Katsu Curry with Calamari and Chilli sauce. Made a bombsite of my kitchen but worth it!
Blueberry pancakes to celebrate the long weekend 🥞
risotto, with chicken, peas, heads of asparagus and parmesan
Ham ramen - Studio Ghibli's "Ponyo"
Just a dog holding my beer.
Baked Ravioli Casserole
Chicken Salad Sandwich
Filet Mignon, Cheddar Biscuits, &amp; sautéed broccoli with garlic
since we lost our job I’m made this one for our Christmas Eve
Lamb steaks pre cook
spinach pies or spi pies 😋
WhatsApp Group Chat Invite Links, User Profiles Made Public Again on Google - Gadgets 360
Pizza and dirty fry Friday BABY!!!!
Among Us NEW MAP: Eating the Real Life AIRSHIP - Lina Tik ASMR Mukbang F...
Pesto Turkey Meatballs with Orzo and Broccoli topped with Shredded Parmesan
Fudge Brownies
Cold fermented dough, basil vinaigrette, fresh mozzarella, roasted garlic, Parmesan crust
Millionaires Shortbread
Duck fat fries
Hawaiian Breakfast
Churro Cheesecake Bars
Eggless Baked Spiced Goat Yogurt
Nearly 100 Vehicles Crash Into Each Other In US, 3 Dead In Pile Up - NDTV
Warm brown butter lobster roll
Pizza with mushrooms, mozzarella, ham, olives and fresh tomatoes
Brussels Sprout, English cheddar, thyme, onion, EVOO and fried egg pizza
Vegan Cauliflower Gyros
Soup and Sandwich
Teriyaki Sirloin beef roll ups!
Shawarma nachos
Panfried Ginger-Soy Ahí Tuna steak with creamy-buttery mashed potatoes and grilled asparagus
Milanesa Torta
Butter turkey curry
Japanese Curry with Chicken Katsu.
Air Fried Garlic Parmesan Sweet Potato Fries
Chicken, mushroom and olive pizza
That's what autumn beauty is! Yesterday we picked them and made with vinegar
14 Layer Russian Honey Cake (Medovik)
Smoked Gouda Mac n Cheese.
falafel with garlic from a friend's garden
Asian chicken lettuce wraps
Grilled cheese topped with bacon bits
two pomegranates.
Honey garlic chicken wings
Fried Shrimp Po Boys with Remoulade
chocolate and citrus cassata cake with orange zested ricotta filling, chocolate sponges, fudge frosting, and chocolate ganache. Topped with homemade pistachio praline.
Pretzel Bites 🥨
parmesan and almond crusted cod, garlic butter scallops, spinach, and potatoes.
White Chocolate Mousse with Strawberries, Toasted Hazelnuts, Prosecco Jelly &amp; Dark Chocolate Ganache
Tangzhong Milk Buns
- White chocolate cupcakes with raspberry mousseline
Pot Browne that we made for my friends birthday
Hot pot soup base, Vietnam sour fish soup! Perfectly made for the cold weather
Hake in Saffron Broth with Chorizo and Potatoes
cinnamon apple banana french toast with maple sausage
Chicken Biryani Masala
Chicken tacos I made today
upgraded Shin Black instant ramen.
Morning fruit bowls for the kiddos.
Split Pea Soup
My  lemon tart recipe on YT as a french chef
Hot Chocolate
Pastrami with garlic mustard and grilled onions on light rye
Cheese and meat board with bread and fried eggs on the side
Potatoe cauliflower and peas in onion and 🍅 sauce
Bacon, mushroom, bell pepper, grilled onion omelette topped with mozzarella and cheddar cheese.
The origins of soul food
Poached Eggs, Avocado and Bacon on Sourdough Toast
When you're an adult you can do reckless things such as - have christmas dinner whenever you feel and keep cozy and warm in your bed while you eat it.
lemon meringue tart
Chicken Parm and capellini with garlic &amp; oil
Love this cutting board my sis got for my birthday. Am an EE NOW.
Tasty Zucchini Bread With Chocolate Chips
Banana french toast.
Pizzas
Hash browns, eggs, and English muffin
Biscotti &amp; Drip Coffee
White Chocolate No-Bake Cheesecake Pie
No-Fail Macaron Recipe
Pea and mint soup
My Mom’s empanadas
Brisket and pollo tacos
Takoyaki with homeade sauce and Kewpie Brand Mayo.
Chocolate Mousse. Lots of whipped cream.
Black Sesame Buns for LNY
Shakshuka with scrambled tofu
Pulled pork and fries
Texas BBQ
Mixed berry sourdough french toast casserole.
Jalapeno &amp; corn flatbread
Chicken Fried Rice
Baymax cupcakes for my 3yo Big Hero 6 fan!
Japanese osechi to start the year.
Some Christmas cupcakes for the neighbors.
Chocolate chip cookies and large cookie (we underestimated the size of the regular ones)
Greek meatballs with cucumber salad and Greek lime yoghurt
the Hangover Burger (1/2lb beef patty, bacon, tater tots, 2 cheeses, fried egg, Bloody Mary ketchup) and curly fries
bacon, sweet potato, &amp; pear pizza with pecorino romano
slow cooked brisket. San Antonio, Tx.
Noodles, chicken, wok veggies and chilli sauce
Slow Smoked Pork Ribwich
Chia seed pudding
coconut donuts with a chocolate glaze and peanut butter glaze
Wheat Flour Kachori Recipe in Telugu ఒక కప్పు గోధుమ పిండి తో ఆరోగ్యకరమైన కచోరి బ్రేక్ ఫాస్ట్ రెసిపీ
Chicken tikka roll with freshly baked naan bread.
fish taco
Mac and cheese,macaroane cu branza si topping de bacon cu rozmarin ""
Pancakes with cottage cheese 😋
Seven Layer Salad Recipe / Healthy Salad / Healthy
Round steak marinated in Greek dressing cooked to medium, jasmine rice, and brocolli.
Margarita Pizza
Nashville Hot Wings
sushi - vegan dragon roll, cucumber roll, tuna nigiri
sautéed asparagus &amp; Brussels sprouts w/ tangy chicken, tomato’s, &amp; onions + salad
Chocolate Raspberry Mousse Cake
Favorite Easy Side Salad
corndogs
Wagyu ox cheek braised in red wine with roasted vegetables
Bistecca Alla Diavola
chicken and bacon gnocchi 🤙🏼
Breakfast Enchiladas
Ribeye with seasoned fries
Chocolate blackout cake
Beef and Snap Pea stir fry w/ rice.
Beer Butt Smoked Whole Chicken.
Thai Coconut Ice Cream.
Okonomiyaki お好み焼き!
Grilled cheese with extra sharp cheddar on Miche sourdough
Kalbi Ribs with Coconut milk rice and Asian pears on the side
Birria Tacos with Habanero Mole
Panang curry
Chicken Milanese and Mediterranean salad
Creamy Tomato Pasta, with buckwheat noodles!
My tomahawk steak
quiche Lorraine
super soft pretzels, took me 2 hours, and they are delish.
a BBQ Chicken and Bacon sandwich.
Spinach, Goat Cheese, Sun Dried Tomato Quiche
salmon with a white wine cream sauce.
Shepherd's Pie
Bacon Smashburger with fries.
Pineapple 🍍 Delight
Snake River Farm boneless ribeye
American-Inspired Bacon Waffles with Buttermilk Fried Chicken , two Side Salads, Garlic Mayo, and Maple Syrup
Lamb chops
Cheese and salami omelette with leek and chive
Our flavor filled cactus chicken tacos!
Pork Caramel, i love made this
Apple Crumble (with oat flour and Portuguese-grown red apples)
Butternut squash soup w/ toasted garlic ciabatta bread and a side garden salad
Everything Bagel Sourdough loaves
A5 wagyu sushi topped with uni, foie gras, and freshly grated wasabi.
Mini cheesecakes with blueberry topping.
pretzels... added cinnamon sugar later!
The 'Fun Guy': sourdough cheese toastie with caramelized leeks and garlic mushrooms
Chicken Caesar Salad
""best food for daily energy
Pizza burgers (and that’s marinara, not ketchup)
Pizza!
Carrbonara.
Ginger cake
Teiglach
Piklets
sirloin tip roast with onions and carrots.
Weaver in beurre blanc with antiboise, grilled bib with butter/ herboil sauce. Roasted Vegatables from the garden
Mussels in white wine and cream sauce.
Belgian Liege Waffles
Belgian/Dutch spice cookie
Apple spice cake for my s/o birthday. My second attempt baking a cake! 😋😋
Ganache-filled Chocolate Cupcakes
Gruyere Mac and cheese 🧀
Polenta with cheddar and tomato sauce
My take on Tonkotsu Ramen with spicy umami bomb.
Fruit and Lemon Tarts
Ashley Giles: 'The door can't be closed forever' as Alex Hales given hope of comeback - ESPNcricinfo
chicken and veggies
khichuri- Bengali food
Festive Cadbury Chocolate Cheesecake
breakfast burrito
actual, high-quality ramen and sushi
Pizza! 😅
Japanese omurice (fried rice covered with an omelet)
Shrimp N Grits
Earl Grey tea ice cream
pozole for this cool weather day we have
Kentucky Hot Brown
Sourdough buns
Steak, Garlic Parmesan mashed potatoes, and Caesar salad
I made/ate end of smoked/grilled winter endive, romaine, calabrese salumi, fire roasted red pepper with red wine vinegar shallot vinegar eye with grilled lemon juice
Carbonara ( with not enough pork 💔)
Cherry Pi
Breakfast refried leftover pizza with eggs
rice pilaf with turmeric and peas; grilled zucchini finished in a simple tomato curry sauce
Smores donut
Traditional Italian lasagna, at this point I think I make the best lasagna 😂.
Lasagna Bolognese
Summer can't come soon enough so we can get back to having barbecues
Breakfast sammie
Pumpkin bars with cream cheese frosting
Steak Taco
Double chicken Parmesan
Tri-tip
Salmon ikura donburi
Gyudon with sake on the side
Mini Strawberry Cheesecake
Baguettes Without Machine or Food Processor
Japanese gravy aka Hayashi rice
Pasta with roasted tomato sauce and plenty of cheese
Garlic and Rosemary crusted pork loin
Blistered cherry tomatoes, garlic and pesto with melted cheese on a herb naan. Topped with basil and black pepper.
steak, shrimp, veggies
Fried Chicken
Honey-Garlic glazed Pork Chop
Filet minion with bleu cheese
Avocado and egg on a cheddar bagel
Seafood Gumbo (Shrimp, Blue Crab and Oysters)
Takoyaki
Japanese-style fluffy soufflé pancake
Khuusuur and Budaatai Huurga
Amazing Spicy Garlic Prawn Linguini, Enjoy Making Simple Look Amazing
Mexican fish tacos
Pear Pie
dinner of pea purée , risotto, arugula salad and pan seared mahi-mahi.
Kau Yuk, Upside-down Steamed Pork Belly, aka "Shao Bai" in Sichuan
Cilantro Lime Chili Chicken
Maine Lobster
springrolls!
Fried cauliflower bites
roasted sea-bass and balsamic soy mushrooms
spaghetti bolognese open parcels
cake for dinner guests.
Mocha Choux aux Crâquelin
no yeast focaccia
Fish with potato scales and a lazy vinaigrette
Cheeseboard 2021
Lamb Briyani
pizza. Half Pepperoni, half Jamaican Jerk Pizza.
White Wine Garlic Shrimp Alfredo
Takeaway with homemade salad
- Key Lime Pie
Angel Hair &amp; Homemade Meatballs with garlic bread
Bologna and Habanero Jack Sandwich
chili 🌶
Air fried lemon pepper wings, Gouda Mac&amp;Cheese, Balsamic brussel sprouts
Chicken Afghani Tandoori
Pickled trout with daikon, cucumber, oranges and sour cream with mustard.
Scrambled Egg Skillet
spicy sesame chicken
BANANA Leaf FISH
Chocolate lava cake.
oak smoked short ribs with Korean bbq sauce.
French rolled omelette.
Boston cream pie
omelet with fresh tomatoes, sausages
Spicy tonkatsu ramen
Diver Scallops with Lobster Mashed Potatoes
Sushi 🍣 poke bowl
Portuguese chicken and salad
Creamy Garlic Scallops
Lobster Fra Diavolo with Linguine
Pan-seared salmon, broccolini, and mashed potatoes
Jalapeno-cheddar bread, sliced and pan-toasted in bacon fat, thick-cut swiss and pepper-jack cheese, spinach tomato, black peppercorn bacon and prosciutto; with sub dressing (oil/spices), horseradish sauce, and honey mustard
Loaded Half-Pound Beef Burger
Smoked and Reverse Seared Tri Tip
Chocolate Caramel Mousse Cake
Tuna Fried Rice with balsamic honey glaze
roasted garlic chicken lunch
Crispy Buffalo Wings with Blue Cheese Dip
pizza with bulgogi sauce, mozz, onion, pineapple, peanut, cayenne on garlic wheat
BBQ pork,sausage and ribs
frosted flakes with chocolate milk
applewood coldsmoked then grilled ribeye
lemon saltwater taffy
WHOLE-GRAIN PINEAPPLE CREAM SOURDOUGH BEIGNETS
Chipotle Beef Bowl
Zucchini, Potato, &amp; Cheese Casserole
Flammekueche/Tarte Flambée
Bacon, eggs (with some habanero sauce) and toast with butter
alfredo pasta w/ shredded romano, tellicherry black pepper, garlic, and homegrown pink oyster mushrooms
chile pasilla corn pizza
Milkfish Steak, sauté veggies &amp; quail egg
Tonkotsu Ramen. It took 60 hours of slow cooking but it was worth the wait...
Don't Accept Free Mask &amp; Blood Test Offer | Fraud People are ACTIVE | Be...
Double Beef Burger
- Hungarian style goulash
Saw the other meatball post so I would post mine too
Cheese Fondue
Raw Bar &amp; Beer
Korean BBQ NYE dinner
Lemon honey drop cookies
Corn Pudding Is My Go-To Fall Recipe — My Grandma Makes It Every Single Year
cake batter
Cheddar burger and baked seasoned fries
made a prime rib yesterday for the wives birthday dinner
Caldo Verde
Salmon Bowl, Arugula, brown rice, sweet baby tomatoes and chilli yogurt sauce
Persian Celery Stew with rice Tahdig
Lumaconi al ragu bianco
Salmon, mashed potatoes, vegetables and bacon.
Turkey Stew
Poached egg on Thanksgiving leftovers
Just making some home fries for the week
4 types of Sushi rolls, and 4 different sauces. Philadelphia roll, Mono Maki, Valcano Salmon, Hoso Maki shrimp.
today’s breakfast:  chicken biscuits :)
Seafood Noodle
Sweet potato carrot soup with spicy soy mince
Local chicken sandwich
Tortellini pizza
Pan seared yellow fin tuna, blistered cherry tomato Ratatouille, wood grilled baby leeks, basil pistou.
Pork Tenderloin with Green Beans and Potatoes
Kale leaves stuffed with minced meat
Cinnamon Rolls with maple flavored icing
Peruvian-style Roast Chicken with Green Sauce
this homemade buttered mash potatoes and steak.
Simple Beef Soup
are the best!
some spaghetti tacos today's lol so bad at loving good food
balsamic marinaded steak, blue cheese, roasted corn, cherry tomatoes and sliced red onion. Some fresh squeezed lemonade as well
Parmesan chicken
Omelet!
pulled pork nachos!
banana cake
Traditional Asian Meat Stew (Nihari)
bagels made with sourdough starter
Mushroom Bruschetta
Sweet sticky Chineses chilli chicken 🥢😋🍜💜💚
Gargantuan Pancake
roasted oysters topped with onion, bacon and mozzarella
tres leches cake
smash burger with chipotle Mayo.
deluxe pizza drizzled with ranch
Cayenne and smoked paprika pork katsu and sauce with short pickled cucumber, carrot, carrot green, and red onion salad with sesame dressin, topped with toasted sesame seeds
Toasted Meatball Sub
(The Best Doner kebab recipe.) I came across this amazing recipe and wanted to share!
chili glizzys
Grilled Shrimp
traditional Oaxacan Molotes
Kimchi and Spam Fried Rice
Korean Chinese Black Bean Noodles, Sweet and Sour Pork, and Pan Fried Dumplings
piggies in blankies. The rainbow was cast by prisms on my windows.
chicken and bean burrito
wholemeal orecchiette
Lobster tacos and Lobster Roll
Fact Check: Avalanche Video From Nepal Goes Viral As Glacier Burst In Uttarakhand - The Logical Indian
Bacon and vegetable frittata with avocado
Maple bacon, Vermont cheddar, and lettuce burger.
Flaky rainbow mooncakes
Black Bean Soup
Spicy beef and rice noodles.
baked chicken fajitas
Ancient Greek yellow tuna dinner
chocolate pie
Sheperds Pie made with leftover Turkey
Mac and cheese and salmon
Calabacitas 🇲🇽
Smoked bacon wrapped jalapeños poppers!
Fan Qie Chao Dan (stir fried eggs and tomato) with Tonkatsu and Chinese Broccoli
Everything bagels.
Froggie cookie 🐸
Butternut squash gnocchi with maple whiskey cream sauce.
Ultimate chocolate brownies
Scallops with Black Pudding, Pancetta and Mint Pea Puree.
Bacon, Egg, and cheese on an everything bagel Jersey style
A 21" Pizza
Homemade Yakitori. (It was hard choosing the best photo because I can’t post multiple)
Trinidad Corn Soup
pork gyoza
southwestern chicken salad with: grilled corn and black beans, lime, grilled chicken, spinach, and a homemade creamy avocado sauce topped with cilantro and a squeeze of lime.
It's my 5 year cake day and I made a cake! A seasonal Squash cake
50 hrs sous vide 3 hrs on smoker. Melt in your mouth brisket.
Beef and pork meatballs in roasted tomatoes sauce
Emergency food
, Hamburger
Beef Burger and Potato Wedges
CHeesy Hotdog frenchroll
Vietnamese caramelized beef
Mac &amp; Cheese and Steak
Market LIVE Updates: Indices At Day's High Led By Auto, Infra
Medium Rare Strip Steak With Smoked Salt
Chicken Steak
Cajun Shrimp Chowder
Mini French Macarons
duck and mushroom korma
Cherry-Smoked Pulled Pork (8 hours)
Crispy Eggplant! 😋😋😋
A chicken, broccoli, carrot, onion and sour cream Frikase
Soy and Ginger steamed fish
Tamago Sando with caviar
Arabic Bread Packet Shawarma - Arabic Shawarma Homemade
Egg custard tarts
lotus root salad
stuffed Onions
Haggis Fried Rice
Malai Kofta
Butternut squash soup with a golden spoon
House smoked trout rillette, tarragon, salmon roe &amp; market crudités
Low-Carb Fried Rice (2g net carbs)
Tomato Soup and Gourmet Grilled Cheese
Roasted potatoes with peppers and onions, toasted everything bagel bread, breakfast sausage, and a poached egg topped with chives
The kernel
1/2 kfc bucket &amp; sides
mushroom based sauce, spaghetti and meatballs
natto and ikura don.
Hearty chicken soup
baked Japanese curry on rice
sponge toffee crumbed on vanilla ice cream.
for the first time, a "real" shoyu tonkotsu ramen
Garlic Naan with cream cheese and hot honey salmon
chocolate oreo cake
T-Bone Steak, Fries and BBQ sauce
spicy California Roll and Philadelphia Roll
The "Jerwich". I made a reproduction of a local favorite with veggies from the garden. It''s an everything bagel, cream cheese, jalapenos, tomatoes, cucumbers and bacon
Pierogi ruskie with onion and skwarki
Mie Ayam Jamur (Chicken and Mushroom Noodles)
scallop chowder with sorrel in marrowbone and lobster stock (no butter or cream!)
Cinnamon Rolls.
Chakli Recipe
Prosciutto Skull Timelapse OC
Skinny Carbonara
Fresh chimichurri
Texas Twinkies
oven-fired Pizza Napoletana
Baked Salmon with Veggies + Pasta Salad
Biden administration to provide COVID vaccine to pharmacies - The Associated Press
Schweinefleisch und Bier Eintopf
Tri-tip, asparagus &amp; mashed potatoes w/ herb drizzle. Is this food-portable?
“”
Grilled Honey/Soy/Garlic Marinated Flank Steak
Levain's Chocolate Walnut Cookies
Crispy Gumbo
Apple Cyder Whoopie Pies with cream cheese based filling.
Oven-baked shrimp with cheese and generous amount of garlic
Sharing my food
Chicken Enchilada Plate
Dark Chocolate Sufflé
Carnitas and Steak Tacos
Risotto with roasted delicata squash, chicken breast, fried sage, drizzled with sage oil.
turnip salad
chorizo shepherds pie
Gilt-head bream with some potatoes, and olives.
Oyster Rockefeller with delicious Nova Scotian oysters
Chicken Lo Mein
Smoked Beef Short Ribs
Trifle
My red cake !
The lovely pizookie I made last night.
7 pounds of porterhouse with all the trimmings
Fried Chicken Wontons
Double Cheese Burger and Fries
tiffin.. Made Today.
Sourdough Toast
Gluten-free focaccia
Most people get presents on their birthday, my grandparents sent me watermelon, potato’s, cake, lettuce and steak, also 50$, some of the cake and I’m already exited it looks so good, she is a pro chef, I’m having a hard tyme beliving it’s all homemade
Jalapeño marinated flank steak sandwiches with charred onions and a spicy mayo spread. A request from the fam everytime I’m in town
Chickpea, cauliflower, and paneer curry served with a side of coconut rice and roti.
Rilakkuma Japanese Curry Rice
Cranberry + white chocolate + pistachio oatmeal cookies!
Pasta Linguine with fish, cherry tomatoes and basilic
stuffed pumpkin with turkey and herb tomato sauce. This is maximum fallness. Rough instructions included.
Cheese Curd Cheeseburger, Buffalo Egg Rolls and Tater Tots!

Very simple homemade cake
Paneer tikka masala
chicken fajita rice bowl
cheesy garlic bread
Chocolate chip cookie skillet with vanilla ice cream on top.
Medium Rare New York Strip
Bit of Shoyu Ramen for you x
pierogi
Adobada tacos with fajita veggies, homemade Pico de Gallo, sliced avocado and fresh cilantro.
Spicy basil chicken aka pad krapow
White chocolate macadamia cookie topped with salted caramel gelato
Kimchi Stew w/ Kimbap
Brioche Loaf
Nutella danish
Nightmare Before Christmas Cake Pops!
Lahmacun
Reteta naturala de musli
Grapefruit marinated chicken and spring onion salsa
Quiche-style savory pie with bacon and a ton of veggies
Orange chicken
Grilled Cheese with Cheddar, Gruyere and Parmesan
“” Thanksgiving Must Haves!! (How to cook the Turkey right)
ratatouille plated
Hawaiian mix plate with kalua pork and lau lau
Slow Scrambled Eggs
Food delivery in Hyderabad
dim sum style cuttlefish curry with beef and fish balls
Oreo Cheesecake cups
Spinach fettuccine
Prosciutto appetizers
Creamy chicken with pasta and broccoli
Suji/Semolina Halwa for needy.
Double Cheeseburger
Spicy Shrimp Scampi
Korean Gochujang Chicken
Ginger Soy Marinated tofu
crab noodle hot pot
Bbq bacon stuffed burgers, steak and corn on the cob oof
pad Thai
blondies...
Garlic Parmesan Cheese Potatoes in Airfryer
Japanese baked cheese tart
- Fried Chicken with Fermented Jalapeño Peppers
Pennies from Heaven dessert
Chicken Fajita Pasta
is this an acceptable dinner?
Creamy Cheese and Chorizo Gnocchi.
An Oreo donut.
Made homemade traditional falafel. Took all day but they are worth it!!!
Sushi rolls -crab, cucumber, mango, avacado, and alfalfa sprouts
Fried chicken sandwich w/ Garlic fries and Fort Point Animal IPA
Siomai with chili oil
Hiya , here is some scallops and Shrimp creamy pasta I made a while ago.
Nduja and Scrambled Egg Toast
Meatball sub and chips
Mana'eesh Za'taar
three tier chocolate chip cookie dough cake. Working on them quarantine lbs.
Breakfast from leftovers
Double Chocolate Banana Bread
yakiniku of oz grain fed beef, spicy dipping sauce, steamed spinach, kimchi and rice
CHICKEN CREPE
very good Detroit style pizza.
Portuguese Charcuterie board :)))
How should I prepare these fat wrapped sausage that I bought from the Greek butchers yesterday?
How to plate a "Jambalaya" in 2 pics
San Francisco’s Lockdown and Quarantine Has Been Extended ‘Indefinitely’ - Eater SF
My inaugural  pizza.
beef wellington from Hell’s Kitchen
Mexican conchas
New to baking!  I made soft chocolate chip cookies! A little crispy on the outside and chewy on the inside.
Kalbi Tang (Korean Beef off the bone Soup)
Crescent Rolls with Pesto
pistachio lemon curd cake
Bacon Fried Rice
AUTHENTIC INDIAN SWEETS FOR WEDDING
Propane grill smoked pork shoulder.
Omelet, Sausage, and Buttermilk Biscuit with butter and honey
cheesecake and pumpkin ice cream
Cajun scallops with a jalapeño/cranberry/strawberry sauce and a blue cheese salad
Spicy Neapolitan style pizza
Vanilla cupcakes with pumpkin puree and whipped cream on top 🎃
Baguettes with poolish
I don't mean to offend but ..............
BBQ meat feast
beef chilli with sides
Repost from when it got deleted still new to this: I’m cooking a garlic butter baste fillet mignon spices Thyme and rosemary
cucumber rolls
Chocolate chip Cookies
Crispy Chicken Thighs &amp; Creamy Orzo
Chicken Bacon Ranch Pizza
Spicy Poblano with Aged Cheddar Macaroni and Cheese
Asparagus Tart
Roast in the center, cut very thin...sturdy grill, use high-quality firewood and turn
Smash burgers with blue cheese, grilled mushrooms and crispy bacon served with fresh coleslaw and pepper and garlic wedges.
Chicken Katsu Curry
Metropolitan Pizza
fish and chips
Trimmed and Seasoned this 4.4 lbs Brisket 12 Hours Ago. Now She’s Smoking Over Apple Wood.
Guava smoked Tri-tip with green chile
Cheesy Kofta Bun Skewers
Egg and bacon, green chile cheese on sourdough.
Cinnamon rolls with vanilla glaze and walnut
Ground turkey &amp; hummus burger with lettuce, spicy n’ sweet pickles, pepperjack cheese, bacon, tomato and avocado on a brioche bun.
Chocolate Chip Cookies!
quesadilla
Roasted duck, polenta, hot cabbage slaw.
Thom kha take-out
Nachos with fixins
Beef and Chicken parrillada mixta
Mushroom Risotto
Baked potatoe soup with rolls on the side :)
ilfornino wood fired Prosciutto pizza with Goat cheese
Thai Prawn-paste rice with sweet pork and assorted condiments.
Breakfast today. Eggs from my chickens &amp; Veggies from my garden
Saag Tofu (GSC Infused)
Peruvian ceviche
BBQ Smoked Short Ribs
Spicy Buttermilk Fried Chicken Sandwich &amp; Sriracha Mayo
Coconut Tomato Tilapia and Garlic Mashed Potatoes with Mushroom Dill Gravy
Greek Loukoumades
Vegan mac n cheese
oreo cake🍰
Meatloaf, carmelized onions and spicy ketchup glaze
13 Most Anti-Inflammatory Foods You Can Eat That Fight With Inflammation
charcuterie board
Ribeye with mashed potatoes and onion rings
Big Macs
Broiled Lobster Tail and Roasted Prime Rib
Caramelized shallot pasta with prosciutto and sea salt flakes
Peach Raspberry Cheesecake Macarons
Margherita Pizza Naan | Margherita Pizza Recipe | Best Food Recipes
Burger night
pork ribs with potatos, cherry tomato, onions
Vegitarian Beefs with Hashbrowns
Thanksgiving stuffing runny egg "hash"
Fresh corn and hominy chowder
My attempt at Buttermilk Fried Chicken!
Menemen with Cheese
Balsamic Glaze Pizza
Lobster Roll 🦞
Caramel Decoration for Desserts!
new york strip in my new skillet
Classic Club Sandwich.
Black Garlic
Breakfast
Blueberry Pancakes with Powdered Sugar
Tacos De Birria
sweet potato pie
pumpkin cupcakes
Philly
DZ Mr Carlail
carrot cupcakes
Apple wood smoked pork belly
Reuben sandwich
lamb stew with veg
Three Cheese Pizza (With a dash of chilli flakes and cheesy crust)
Boiled fish fillet in hot chili oil
Eggless Orange Cake Recipe
Kinder Chocolate Cheesecake
Raw Food Diet: Is It Healthier? - Health Essentials from Cleveland Clinic
Mexican spicy shrimp tacos and giant buttered tiger shrimp with michelada cocktails
French Fries
Christmas crepes
Breakfast sammy with egg, roasted turkey, sprouts, cheddar cheese, avocado and pesto
Apple plum cobbler!
Shrimp Yakisoba
strawberry cheesecake 🍓✨
Miso Ramen Soup
cheese cake with dark chocolate raspberry ganache
Grilled ribeye smothered in balsamic glazed baby portobello, garlic, and onions w/ asparagus mozzarella and parmesan cheese.
Tunapizza
Cauliflower soup with anchovies, burned chilli puree and raisins
So I had a BBQ for Thanksgiving.
Black Garlic. I grew it myself, converted a cool box for a heating chamber and finally I have my own caramelized goodness!
getto hotdog
Coronavirus LIVE Updates: UK Covid-19 Strain Detected in at Least 60 Countries, Says WHO - News18
homemade apple pie from G grandmas century old recipe.
https://cutt.ly/ojHzCpY
Dumplings with  chili oil
Masala Dosa : A pancake made of fermented rice flour and pulses stuffed with mildly spiced potatoes. Served here with sambhar (lentil vegetable stew) and coconut chutney.
Tourtiere
Apple Cinnamon Pancakes
Scones
Deep-Dish Pizza
Meat Lovers Pizza Tacos
chicken pot pie
Chicken Quesadilla with yellow rice, guac,sour cream, and salsa.
Best Flaming Vodka Recipe Use Vodka, Red Hot Candy. Vodka can be replaced with Moonshine. HOW TO MAKE Best Flaming Vodka: Check below for printable version of this mouth watering Best Flaming Vodka Recipe With Red Hot Candy. Best Infused Vodka with sweet and hot flavor For All Enjoy!
strawberry shortcake with vanilla ice cream &amp; wipped cream. Sometimes you can’t go wrong with simple.. I’ll take it. :D
beef varathu (Indian beef fry) dish for lunch #StudentLife
Century Eggs
Seasoned Lamb Chops, roasted peppers and Beetroot Salad 🥗
dino-nugget chicken parmesan
Creamed butternut squash risotto and rosemary flowers
Stuffed crust pepperoni pizza
vegan roasted cauliflower tacos!
flour nachos with cheese sauce
Open Butter Masala Dosa for breakfast (Bangalore)
Salmon, fries, corn, and broccoli
Chicken Ballotine
Tiramisu Chocolate Bonbons
Hand-laminated Croissant
Agnolotti
Spicy Peanut Noodles!!
steak, chips, breaded onion rings and garden peas
Bacon wrapped eggs with avocado surprise.
Chorizo Hash, Salsa and Fried Egg
Egg Sandwich

Snickerdoodle
Cheesy Burger
lemon blueberry layer cake with lemon cream cheese buttercream and blueberry compote
My  galettes look like cute little tiles of deliciousness.

cinnamon buns...
Deep dish pepperoni pan pizza!
Centre Lifts Embargo on Grant of Govt Business to Private Banks
seared sea scallops, risotto and broccolini
Black sesame macarons with hojicha cream
burgers last weekend. With some coleslaw and caramelized onions (sorry not in photo!)
Thuốc cường dương ngựa thái có tốt không, giá bao nhiêu?
Chocolate Chip Cookie Cup with Extra Buttercreme
Quick Aloo Tarkari Recipe|Aloo Ki Tarkari|Aloo Curry|pori wali aloo ki tarkari by chef secret recipe
Hungry
Chocolate sponge cheesecake with rum, raspberry jelly and chocolate ganache.
Valentine's day pizza with spinach sauce, olives, onions, summer sausage (made by Mennonites cured for 2 years in a stone basement), and prosciutto.
Sourdough spelt loaf
Leftover ravioli
potato wedges
Spicy Tuna, Yellowtail, and Rainbow Rolls
perfect pepperoni pizza
Portobello beef stew with tarragon garlic mashed potatoes
Grilled Korean Short Ribs with Coconut Sugar Pineapple
a s’mores &amp; French toast doughnut.
Poached egg on top of avocado toast
home made ricotta cheese with lemon in handmade ravioli. Brown butter chive and chamomile flowers
buttermilk biscuit with bacon and egg
Peanut butter pie
Chocolate and Peanut butter cake!
kimchi stew and bulgogi style pork with lettuce to make wraps
Crispy Chicken Cutlet
Classic Porc Tonkatsu
Sesame Chicken, stir-fry and Rice for my roomates.
salted chocolate peanut butter cream puffs
Blinies with caviar, smoked trout, smoked salmon, beetroot, horseradish and frème fraîche
Peanut Butter Oreo Cheesecake with Hot Fudge Sauce
Grilled salmon and chopped kale salad with chèvre, dried cranberries, pecans, and Dijon
Cheeseburger Américain
Chicken Biryani
Chili Cheese dog with mustard and the stinky stuff
scrapple pizza
Fluffy Japanese Pancakes
SPICY NUGGETS and NEW HOT SAUCES (TASTE TEST).
Chicken kabobs coated with a blend of Middle Eastern pepper flakes
It was soo good!
a pierna enchilada (pulled pork) torta
white bread with 80% biga
pickled beet and arugula salad
Porterhouse Steak with some greens (+ my new knife)
Toasted Bred with Omelets
Crème Brûlée &amp; Brown Sugar Boba Mille Crêpe Cake
Toasted flatbread topped with whipped feta, parma ham, basil oil and red chillies
A well seasoned Prime Rib.
Pumpkin spice cake with chai cream cheese frosting
Seafood Dumplings
A Montreal Smoked Meat Sandwich
Applesauce &amp; Cinnamon Chip Muffins with boiled apple cider glaze.
spicy rigatoni with chicken
Beef Wellington, Christmas Day. Christmas in Spain. My father-in-law spent summers in England as a child and always wanted to try this recipe...it was superb!
Ants on a tree
Last night's challah and buns
Sticky pork ribs
Crunchy Rice burrito
Bacon, avocado, egg and cheese on toast
Fillet mignon
Maguro Tuna Sashimi Taco
My inaugural batch of fresh spaghetti is cut and sampled! Like every recipe, there’s 150 tweaks to come, but this turned out great. Made from the Thomas Keller recipe.
Faux Sushi/Nigiri
Roasted garlic &amp; Rosemary loaf
Chili Powder
pastel flower cupcakes
Prinsesstarta with marzipan rose
Simple Breakfast: French Toast on Jamaican Hard Dough Bread with El Mercado (Puerto Rican) Honey
Double patty onion burger
Ăn các Nhân Vật Hoạt Hình Spookiz NGOÀI ĐỜI THẬT
Calories in 2 drumstick of Chicken - Baked - Drumstick - Skinless.
House cancels Thursday session after police warn of 'possible plot to breach the Capitol' - USA TODAY
rotolo with ricotta, mushrooms and spinach
Dim Sum: short rib potstickers, pork soup dumplings, beef bulgogi and quick pickle bao buns; veggie spring rolls
Garlic Naan
Beef On Weck
Shakshouka ♥️
Prime strip loin, garlic mashed taters, balsamic caramel used onions
Espresso Chocolate Chip Cookies
Steak and shrimp dinner with asparagus and garlic bacon gouda mashed spuds.
Shrimp n Crab Boil
Buffalo chicken nachos
Some  French macarons with chocolate ganache filling
pot roast brisket, turmeric mash, and greens
thumbprint cookies yummm..
Burrito-to-be
I made  beef stew... the levels of flavor I packed into this are amazing!
Steak and veggies
copycat Disneyland beef stew
Mushroom Spinach and Feta cheese quiche
"" TASTY AMLA - CORIANDER CHUTNEY || A STATE OF FLAVOURS || SUGANDHA NATURE ||
Nepal: Prachanda faction hardens stance, to follow 'policy of balance' with India, China - Times of India
Made some jalapeño poppers on the Traeger.
Fettucine Alfredo with Pancetta
NANCY F**KING 🤬🤬PELOSI ARE U 😡😡F**king KIDDING ME F**KING GOSH D*MM LIBERALS F**KING TAKING AWAY FREEDOM!
Red and Green Bell Pepper Pizza
Beef bourguignon and mashed potatoes
Elote/Esquites Fries
Tips for Cooking Thanksgiving Dinner
38f single, no kids, babysitting this weekend and made breakfast, not too bad
Grilled Korean ribs.
Savory congee with chicken
red wine poached pear frangipane tart
chicken shwarma
Saffron and Pistachio Ice Cream
decprat3ed sugar cookie. He looks so surprised.
Crispy Pork Bellyy.
Smoked Dinosaur Bones (Beef Short Ribs)
my partner made me this Satan cheese cake for my birthday
Honey Pistachio Nougat Dipped in Milk &amp; Dark Chocolate
Buffalo Chicken and Cauliflower Dips for the Super Bowl
Ahi Poke Nachos
Bacon, sausage, potatoes and eggs.
Lemon dill cod and shrimp with spicy broccoli pasta
sausage fried rice
Bacon Egg &amp; Cheese on a Cheddar Biscuit
roasted duck in prague
Chicken, broccoli, alfredo, cheese stuffed jumbo shells.
Thai Meatballs in Red Curry Sauce
Sweet Thai Chili Shrimp
Canadian dinomitas
Lemon meringue pie
beef brisket and wonton noodle soup.
Teriyaki burger and fries/chips!! Kinda overdid it with the sauce haha.
My SO made this mouthwatering Bibimpap for an IG contest, since she does not have many friends I wanted to "surprise" her. Please leave her a like on her IG so she has chance of winning
lazy lobster in butter
margherita, with chili flakes and basil
Grilled Cheese &amp; Tomato Soup
Hazenut and Brandy Eggnog Bonbons and Milk and Cookie Blocks
Banana "Bread"
Shrimp scampi with fresh celery leaves
Spanish Rice
Salmon and Roasted Vegetables
Coffee Rubbed Venison Backstrap
Stuffed Mussels
IND vs ENG, 4th Test, Day 2 Live Score: England On Top As India Lose Virat Kohli, Cheteshwar Pujara .. - NDTVSports.com
bao with slow cooked pork belly and crispy panko apple slices with mayo and sriracha sauce
chocolate cake!
I made some snickerdoodles
Mezze Board
Hobbit Day Feast Part 8: Dessert - strawberries and cream, with crumbled shortbread
Slowly improving my chilaquiles game
cooking birria
spaghetti with quinoa on an egg
New York Steak
Croque Monsieur
Apple pocket with cinnamon ice
lil bro wanted pancakes so he got them
Red velvet Cheesecake prepared by a friend.
Rose water panna cotta
Black Forest Dragon Fruit &amp; Oreo, Coconut, Honeycomb, Ginger, Black Sesame, Hemp Seed, Chocolate.
Hybrid char siu and gojuchang roast pork ribs.
Filet Mignon Oscar (Crab and Bearnaise), Brussels, MPs
Homemade Ricotta &amp; Spinach filled crepes
Chicken Tikka Masala and Chili Chive Naan
pasta with tomatoes
Black Chana Curry With Rice (Special Punjabi Recipe) ""
Eggs in Purgatory
Potato Hash with Sweet Potatoes, Apple, Chorizo, Onions, Eggs and Sage
Cantonese braised brisket and radish soup
Leftovers Pasta
Christmas Eve dinner
chocolate cake
Pretty happy with how my roast beef and Yorkshire puddings turned out
Fideo
https://ift.tt/2YxtkCC
Red Velvet Cake.
Jajangmyeon with Knife-cut noodles, tempura (zucchini, sweet potato, onion ring, shrimp) and pickled radish
Turkish eggs and peppers w/ Freekah Pilaf
Cinnamon Rolls from the Bravetart cookbook
Mangosteen are soooo delicious  10 and I want more 😅
pasta carbonara with homemade bacon
Fried Pizza
Hoisin Pak Choi &amp; Mushroom Stir Fry

San Fran sourdough, baked in the Dutch oven :)
Triple Decker Tuna Melt with Eggs in Baskets
Crusty bread
Corn Chowder maiden voyage🌽
Stuffed mushrooms
gingerbread house
Swedish Meatballs with mashed potatoes
Kerala Biriyani
since quarantine i've been learning how to cook. this is hands down the easiest honey glazed chicken! and it's super tasty
Rainbow Ice Cream
Matcha Tiramisu &amp; a Creme Bulee Cream Puff
Flammkuchen - French-German Pizza
Roast pumpkin and sage risotto
Eggs benedict for Christmas breakfast! Happy holidays!
Cheese and charcuterie spread
Gnocchi Pomodoro &amp; Steamed Parmesan Zucchini
Ruby chocolate flowers with strawberry and cbd filling
Mini banana pancakes with berries, maple syrup, and whipped cream
Chocolate-chip cookies
💯Very Easy Pastry with Cheese
Apple Cinnamon Roll Loaf
Best Breakfast Quiche Recipe
steak Oscar
Vegan Christmas Cookies
Pork belly, bok choy, rice and kimchi
Italian Beef Stew
Beef Karahi | Restaurant Style Beef Karahi At Home ""
Pan fried sea bass with basil ratatouille and steamed spinach and sea samphire.
Cioppino with King crab, mussels, shrimp, and scallops
Crème d‘amande strawberry tart
Carnitas tacos
Ensalada Chilena
My attempt at sticky pork belly bao buns
fresh mozzarella, pesto and tomato panini on sourdough
turkey gumbo
Chicken curry with basmati rice for national curry week UK
Roastbeef with Lemon/mustard/thyme coating
Hungarian Mushroom Soup with Chicken
Pasta Carbonara (with Guanciale)
Barbacoa sopes
Roasted red pepper and spinach quiche with a tatertot crust
Pineapple upside down cake with blueberries instead of maraschino cherries
Poached Eggs with Grilled Mushrooms and Tomatoes
Bacon egg and cheese
The Imaginary Cake from Life of Boris. Unlike anything I've tasted.
Máy xay đùn thịt công nghiệp JR 12 được thiết kế đẹp, hiện đại, sở hữu lưỡi dao cực sắc bén giúp xay thịt cực nhanh. Sổ hữu ưu điểm là sự nhỏ gọn, máy xay tiện lợi vận chuyển đi khắp mọi nơi. Các bộ phận máy có thể tháo lắp linh hoạt, dễ dàng vệ sinh. Lý
Champignons farcis
a lamb gyro.
Brookie
180g Angus burguer, caramelized bacon and onions, spinach and canastra cheese.
Cured duck breast carbonara
classic ham and cheese melt
Strogonoff
Maine Lobster Roll
Chocolate-orange-chili cake
Blueberry white chocolate swiss roll
Dry baby potato and peas , quick and easy recipe
Lentil Shepard’s Pie
Daftar Situs Judi Slot Online Terpercaya 2020 Ovo gopay 24 Jam
Herby Pasta with Garlic and Green Olives
Smoked Brisket, Tomato, and Cheese Grilled Sandwich
tomato shorba
scallops seared in butter
Delicious Homemade Quarantine Cake
Spinach and artichoke dip and fettuccine alfredo! I’m 14 btw so it’s my second ever dish!
pancakes with blackberry jam
Pancakes 🧡
chicken tikka masala
a Summer Margarita Pizza
Roast belly pork with mustard mash, cider jus
Fried eggs and bacon
Maple roasted buttercup squash stuffed with green beans, cranberries, bacon, and pecans. Topped with honey goat cheese.
Seafood Tower- seared salmon, butter garlic tiger shrimp, and topped with a crab cake.
Alibaba Group Founder Jack Ma Suspected To Be Missing For 2 Months: Reports - NDTV Profit
Chicken Dum Biryani
Blackberry Crumble w/caramel gelato and whipped cream
Raspberry, pistachio, and white chocolate tart. Layers of raspberry gel, honey joconde, pistachio paste, and white chocolate cremeux. Decorated with a sugar coated sweet crust disc, crumbled pistachio, glazed raspberries, Italian meringue, and chunks of white chocolate.
Beef Burger, beef from the butchers
Orange Chicken w/ Steamed Rice
Pita Pizza on a paper plate
Beef Wellington, 2nd ever attempt
Shrimp curry and basmati rice
diced beef cooked with red wine sauce, stir fry veggies, and rice
Pesto stuffed chicken with (sadly, instant) mashed potatoes
The best chicken alfredo I've ever cooked or eaten
Japanese pancake
Italian chocolate hazelnut cheesecake
Pasta in creamy tomato sauce with spinach and zucchini, sautéed spicy shrimp and seasoned garlic bread
Fresh Tagliatelle, Butter Poached Lobster, Morel-Lobster Cream Sauce
Prawn Pasta
Taco. Key is to melt the cheese in the shell so they don’t break up when you bite them
Smoked Meatloaf Bombs
Dippy Egg &amp; Chicken Sausage Breakfast Sandwich
cinnamon raisin bread.
Pork katsu on a bed of cabbage, rice, crab rangoon and salad with carrot ginger dressing.
Cheese cake
traditional south indian food { Idli,Appe,dosa,mint chutney, Tomato chutney}
3AM cross-faded “leftovers” ramen with  shoyu broth.
fruit tanghulu I made tonight. If you wanna make it Nick DiGiovanni on yt has a couple of good vids
corned beef, cole slaw, thousand island dressing, spicy mustard, on a semolina roll
Secret Breakfast ice cream from Humphrey Slocombe
Biscuits and sausage gravy
Fiah tacos with homeade tortillas, chipotle sauce and beer battered tempura fish.
Tomato tart with homegrown tomatoes &amp; basil
Fruitcake baking day!! Made mini loaves and Texas muffins! With Captain Morgan Private Stock Rum!! Very good.
RED onion powder&amp; flakes
Multigrain bread
Creamy parmesan grits, Sautéed kale, and fried chicken thigh topped with pepper jelly
Yeah. Not a food post. Will say though, I am a SNACK. I MAKE EM ALL DROOL. 8)
Adobo Chili-marinaded Chicken/Sausage kabobs
Best Mukbang ASMR Artist TC ASMR- Dad Daughter Duo  Burger King
Italian style meatballs infused with Parmesan and a truckload of garlic
Braised Beef Brisket With Horse Radish.
Pork Parmesan meatballs in marinara
Shrimp n saffron sauce
Cajun buttered shrimp
Jambalaya with shrimp
Tater tots with cheese and bacon topped with sour cream
pupusas with lemon sour cream
cross section of a croissant 🥐
Lobster bucatini with shaved, cured egg yolk
chicken marsala
an egg on toast.
Wild Atlantic dry scallops with white wine saffron cream sauce and carbonara risotto and roasted asparagus
Risotto with portobello mushrooms and asparagus
Turkey burger with sriracha mayo and oven baked fries
Ramen!
Mole cake
Classic Russian Beef Borsht. Recipe in the comments below.
Bang Bang "shrimp"
Red Velvet Cookie
jumbo meatballs ready to be cooked!
Breakfast sandwich
Apple Pie Cheesecake with Salted Caramel Sauce Drizzle
Mushroom, spinach, red onion and hot pepper omelette topped with fresh cut tomato
Good.
Fermented Salsa Update
Air fried chicken
Kentucky Hot Browns and Mint Juleps
pide
at a hotel in Washington DC
How to make white sauce pasta
dinner that I made myself (beans, mashed potatoes, breaded chicken, lettuce and tomatoes)
- boneless short ribs being seared for coconut short rib curry
Traditional hummus
Bacon and Cheese Rolls
BBQ brisket fries w pickles
Japanese style spicy chicken and mushroom curry
Oatmeal Scotchies. Nontraditional traditional with a few pinches.
grilled buffalo wings
Braised Chicken Thigh on a Bed of Fettuccine Alfredo
Apple wood smoked brisket burger
Attempt #2  soft pretzels 🥨
Chocolate cake with salted caramel frosting
Sweet and Sour Pork
Blueberry Buttermilk pancake swimming in real maple syrup topped and Parmesan
https://ift.tt/3tqahZ7
Lamb shanks with mash, peas/pancetta
Mutton Biryani
Caprese salad.
a fruit platter
San Antonio Food Bank needs 500 volunteers to help feed people this weekend - San Antonio Express-News
Roast Pork and the trimmings
Spontaneous Salad.
Smash burger with chilli fries
Fresh Garden Great White Heirloom Tomato &amp; Genovese Sweet Basil Caprese Salad
Oven Smoked Ribs
Tiktok Pasta with a side of Caesar Salad
Smoked Chuck Roast
Miso-Soy Braised Hispi Cabbage with Hasselback Potatoes
Waffles with fried eggs pure Maple and Hatch Chile.
One-Pot Spinach, Tomato, Spring Onions &amp; Chillies with Pasta
Browned butter cornbread french toast with raspberry compote and buttermilk whipped cream
Plain, cranberry, and peach applesauce
rotini pasta
mozarella cheese toastie on seeded brown bread, served with carolina reaper sauce
Vietnamese vermicelli noodle salad
Y'all liked my last one so here's another  Meat and Cheese Board!
Cheesy Broccoli Soup and Baguettes with Raspberry Jam.
cast iron hanger steak
Pan toasted croissant, thin slice of smoked salmon, with buttery soft scrambled eggs
Baked Donuts
Backed pineapple macaroni!
Portabella and Romano stuffed Ravioli with meatballs and Garlic Bread. I didn't make the sauce.
bagels are fun to make
grilled roast before it meets the instant pot.
Chocolate Chip Banana Mini Muffins
""
Chicken Shawarma w/ tzatziki sauce
Nutella babka
30 Loaves in 30 Days
some my friends Prince birthday cake
Biscoff Crust Cheesecake w/ Fruit and Caramel Topping
a chipotle burger at Friends n Burgers.
Blueberry Lemon Cheesecake
Tomato and cheddar on rye
Healthy  ladyfinger dish.
Conchiglioni stuffed with cream cheese and mushrooms, garlic bread, and salad
bacon, eggs w/hot sauce, potatoes, bell peppers, onions, scallions, OJ
Crunchy porchetta.
Tri-tip for Christmas. Merry Christmas everyone!
creamy tomato soup, pretzels and beer cheese dip
Mushroom pizza
Turkey meatballs, butter mushrooms, home pickled radishes
"Fried Egg on Toast" - Mango on Pound Cake
Coffee pancakes layered with Polish rose petal cream and topped with chocolate dust
spicy pork bibimbap
seared pork tenderloin with creamy sautéed mushroom and kale sauce
Spinach with sausage, fried egg and boiled potatos, made by my awsome dad
Ratatouille w/ Pasta Oglio e Olio
Belgian Ostendaise oysters
Artichoke dip
soft pretzel
Green chile queso
I build one off fake inventions and today I made the ultimate ice cream cone device
HOMEMADE LABNEH BALLS - Cheap and healthy you will love it ""
a Mexican Fruit Salad
late Christmas prime rib
"" like a Jin | Burger Challenge | Foodie who do you think will win? #burgerchallenge #fastfoods #eating #competition #Happy #funny #familyshow #kidsshow #learn #fun #play
Tonkotsu Miso Ramen
Filly Cheese Steak sandwich, white hoagie tender meat
Seafood Tower
Shepard's pie
Turkish Traditional “Revani” Dessert
Chicken Parmigiana
Chicken Paprikás!
vegan fish &amp; chips ("fish" made with banana blossom)
80% Biga white bread
Cavatelli Rigati
Flank Steak Based in garlic and thyme infused butter
Fancy tv dinner
Easy to make Jackfruit Lassi with Fresh Turmeric Root without sugar
Pan seared teriyaki chicken marinated for 24 hours
Carne asada fries
sous vide duck confit with a port-cherry sauce
Smoked BBQ fatty
Vanilla Chocolate Cookies
Saffron ganache and chopped toasted pistachio bonbons.
Sausage, egg, &amp; cheddar on a sesame seed bagel
ricotta gnocchi with bolognese
Gingerbread cookies with royal icing and glass candy.
Lamb with Garlic Mash &amp; Sautéed Carrots
Chicken curry with dosa
No-Oven Giant Oreo Cake!
Tahini Sauce
Korean Fried Chicken.
fried chicken for chicken parmigiana.
Living in Germany now, but was still able to make a  American Thanksgiving happen with very limited resources!
Halloween Cocktails
Triple layer chocolate cake.
Prime rib, twice baked potatoes, asparagus, garlic knot, and cranberry sauce.
Thai spicy balls noodle soup
Beef Burger with caramelized onion
Hukilau Duck with Whipped Parsnips, and Asparagus
gochugang roasted cauliflower • cast iron seared octopus • cilantro oil • radish • scallion
Grass Fed Beef Brisket Burger/ Brie/ Arugula/ Grilled Onion/ Roasted Garlic &amp; Lemon Aioli/ Toasted Brioche
Breakfast burrito with eggs, spinach, mushrooms, roasted poblanos, creme freche and salsa. Flowers on top were delightful.
Valentine’s charcuterie
spiced rum maple pecan pie.
土豆烧牛腩 Beef Brisket with Potato
- Veggie Ramen Dish (6 east ingredients) ramen noodles, garlic, chicken broth, peppers, onions and broccoli! Yum!
Swedish Tosca buns with almond paste filling!
Spicy Braised Beef Short Ribs &amp; Kkaetnip Namul Ssambap
Sunday Roast Theme NYE dinner
Fresh Pumpkin Roll 🤩
Cách làm bánh giò nóng mềm mịn đơn giản tại nhà
Baked Camembert with cranberry sauce and potato wedges
Spatchcocked a turkey and brined it in Buttermilk and sea salt.
grilled sizzler beef n chicken Tacos
Lemon Soufflé Cake
dirtcake
white pizza with broccoli and pepperoni
Buffalo Chicken Wraps w/ House Ranch and Rice Pilaf
Apple pie with homemade vanilla bean ice cream
Mixed salad greens w/ roasted walnuts, goat cheese, honeycrisp apple slices, and a rice wine vinaigrette.
Vietnamese chicken wings
caprese
Reverse seared prime rib roast with mashed potatoes and green beans
Lemon bars
Masala Chicken Curry
Donut make me crazy!
Rigatoni with Wild Boar Ragu
half everything half pumpernickel bagel with homemade gravlax, dill caper cheese and pickled onion
Low Carb Keto Egg Salad I think You'll Try This
Eggs Benedict melt
New York Strip Steak
Carbonara!
I don’t consider myself a great cook but this  potato hash was exceptional!
Pan-Fried Teriyaki Chicken
Pork Cutlet on Rice with Bacon &amp; Onion Cream Sauce
Smoked Rib Ends
Oven-baked chicken tinga chimichanga with queso and pico de gallo; refried pinto beans and spicy Mexican rice
steamed whole white pomfret, leek n pork, and vegetables with scallops.
Juicy air-fried salmon with sauteed bok choy, rice, and beurre blanc
frangipane pie with mascarpone vanilla cream
Birria tacos with consommé charcuterie board 😳
Grilling Agujitas and Rancher Mexican Meat
Siniyeh - middle eastern meat loaf with potatoes, tomatoes and tahini
Houston, Texas Style Beans over Candle Light.
Crunchwrap Supreme!
Pizza and Japanese Chu-Hi
Sheet Pan Shrimp Fajitas
Pork Belly Burnt Ends w/ Sriracha BBQ sauce
Apple butter
Lockdown Chocolate Brownies (Whole Tray @ 377 calories)
charcuterie board I put together for my birthday party Friday night.
fettuccine alfredo was well worth the trials and errors
Our new family member, meet Pico de Gallo
Jammie Dodgers
I already ate some, but i figured I should share some with reddit! Mac and cheese made with sharp cheddar mozzarella mild cheddar parmesan bread crumbs
Green chile chicken pozole
Colored Burger Buns with no artificial coloring
Smoked bockwurst and cheddar melt with cherry tomato, sage and onion on baguette
noods
Mutton Pulao
5 minutes snacks From 3 home ingredients jgsis samayal
Mixture Namkeen
Baked salmon with lemon couscous
It’s the simple things in life
In the way of making this homemade Grilled Fish by me and my cousin
Chicken nuggets
Matzo ball soup
Ham &amp; Bean Soup
: Salad with egg/veg/avocado
Dan Tats (Egg Tarts)
Smoked Brisket
Shrimps pasta
Beef Wellington, broccoli, mashed potatoes, and garlic bread.
Ramen pizza I made
Chicken Nuggets
bananas with peanut butter in the middle and dipped in chocolate. I got the idea from someone on here!
Pumpkin cheesecake I made for the family
Hi, I’m in a class called Home Education, and I want to do well on an assignment, would some of you tell me if this sounds good? Also, I’m sorry about my handwriting. Anyways, if you help, thanks! Yay for  food...
My family has a breakfast platter for Christmas each year. This was my most recent.
stuffed cherry peppers
Pumpkin + Chickpea PEANUT BUTTER Curry
slightly overcooked cloud bread
Charcuterie board I made over the holidays ☺️
Nigvziani Badrijan (Georgian eggplant rolls stuffed with walnuts, spices &amp; herbs)
A Pretzel pizza with cheese wiz, mozzarella, and ham, then drizzled with honey mustard
pasta with salmon
Hamburger &amp; fries
Breakfast Chicken Tacos and Turkey Bacon
Porridge with blueberries and walnuts
Banana Cream Cheesecake
Bacon, cheddar cheese, sautéed onions, and poached egg sandwich with seasonings.
Risotto Cacio e Pepe
Waffles with chocolate, blueberries and cherries
Georgian Khachapuri
- hash browns
Dear  key lime pie, sorry you are so ugly
i love all the pics on this page and i hate to admit it but covid times have been pretty rough and ive been wanting to get groceries for the house for my mom and sisters i apologize if it isnt on topic but please pm me if interested, if not thank you for hearing me out!
Margherita Pizza cooked in a Woodfired Oven
Tortilla breakfast pizza
bacon and cheese with cut up Buffalo chicken tenders on top of seasoned potato wedges
on a quest to make better breakfasts 🍳
Left over Christmas dinner in a cast iron pan topped with puff pastry.
Cobb salad with seitan bacon &amp; meatless chicken cutlet, air-fryed sweet potato wedges
Three layer chocolate cake with buttercream. Decorated with sprinkles and chocolate flowers. Really proud of myself as I have been working on my technique throughout lockdown.
Chicken Tikka Masala with Cilantro and Homemade Creme Fraiche
chicken pot-pies
Each week I recreate the last meals of notable people. This week I focused on Lucky Luciano’s last meal of a California Burger before suffering a heart attack outside Naples Airport in 1962. A more detailed write up and a link to the video and recipe is in the comments.
Char Siu- Chinese Roast Pork
Chicken Parmigiana, with rigatoni pomodoro
Baked Buffalo Wings
navy beans with confit garlic, duck confit, herbs, aioli, bread crumbs, and kale
Turkey Bacon Onion No Tom Amazingness!!!!
Bacon, Egg, and Cheese Biscuit and Gravy
Shallow fried Spicy Masala Chicken.
Carne Con Papa
"bubbys brisket"
Made this today. What do you guys think? I just started baking these type of cookies today. I would like to get advise for future.
steak and cheese sandwiches
Miso salmon!
Sloppy Joes With Grass Fed Beef
New Year's Eve Dinner! Sesame Chicken, Gan Bian Green Beans, Horchata Tart with Abuelita Chocolate Ganache
Chinese new Year dinner
Steak and Fries w/ Smokey Red Chimichurri OC https://l.facebook.com/l.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwisely122.myshopify.com%2Fproducts%2Fflash-mat-universal-leather-car-seat-covers-for-nissan-note-qashqai-j10-almera-n16-x-trail-t31-navara-d40-murano-teana-j32%3Ffbclid%3DIwAR38c88MejZLoeai03N93WQTTZ
Steak and meal
I finally made a pasta to be proud of. No machines used.
Breaded cod fillet, pea &amp; pecorino purée, sautéed chantarelles, lingonberries and chopped hazelnuts
crispy tunal rolls
Clams with chorizo, black pudding and beans
beef tagine with cherry, date, and almond + moroccan spice fried rice
- Roasted beef cubes, mustard cream, mushroom n garlic bread :)
Oreo-palooza
Turkish açma butter buns
Spicy chicken Parmo 😍 La Cucina Lounge/Deli
Charcuterie board
Cheeseburger!
molasses ginger spice cookies
lobster burger with beef dripping fries
Gnocchi with asparagus, thick-cut bacon and tomatoes
Idiot reviews cereal
Steamed Condensed Milk Cake | No Mixer No Oven!
cheese crab Sky, bell peppers, red onion, mushrooms, cashew nuts with smoked cheddar cheese
fruity junk soup
Slow-Cooked Ribs
Polvorone.
Pecan wood smoked turkey
Lumpiang Togue
“” vegan wellington- puff pastry, portobello mushrooms, spinach.. I ate it all
Another Frog Cake
Steam Momos At Home | Steam Momos Challenge | Momos Quick Recipe #Shorts
Walnut ‚Bundt‘ Cake
A5 Wagyu Strip cooked on a cast iron
My baguette
loaded baked potato soup
Chicken Fried Steak with Mash, French Beans, and brown onion gravy
Stargazy pie, curried squash soup, and roasted vegetables
Never baked in my life. Decided to give scones a try
Yakhni Pulao Recipe
a matcha parfait.
Ultimate  Cheeseburger
tortillas, red salsa, guacamole, steak tacos
Cheese scones
Cheese Omelette with Avocado and freezer Hashbrowns
Not the best, but I made some pasta fully by hand and pretty proud of it. With shrimp and tomato sauce.
NY cheesecake with swiss meringue and biscoff cookie base.
Ice Scream: Мороженое с человеческим лицом - Crazy Cooking ACMP cтоп моу...
Pork neck fillets with chimichurri and roast potatoes
Devilled Rice ❤
Stoofvlees with Chimay Dark Beer
Olympus. Chocolate mousse, marshmallow, caramel honeycomb, and white chocolate.
I will create a cooking video recipe
It’s getting colder and the Hot Chocolate is making a return
Air Fried Korean Mozzarella Cheese Potato Corndog
Hoisin ginger chicken wings
Dashimaki Tamago 出し巻き卵
Dragon Noodles
Tata grabs bigger slice of AirAsia and India's airline industry - BBC NewsLouisiana congressman-elect dies of Covid - POLITICO
Crispy Tadyang ng Baka (beef hock)
Freshly baked Subs
Green Chile Cheese Fries with Smoked Carnitas
Scallops and Mushroom Risotto
street food in Philippines! Chicken Intestine is one of the best! Here's the link to view full post!: http://aorracer.com/pIa
Oatmeal Chocolate Chip Cookies
Sunday roast beef
Russian honey cake
Sopa Marinera con Coco (Honduran Seafood Soup with Coconut Milk)
lobster Mac n cheese &amp; ottoman roasted chicken with zaatar naan
Chocolate Stampede
Steak, garlic butter shrimp, and seasoned potatoes
Leftover ham and egg with mozzarella, spinach, and pepper flake on toast.
Orange creamsicle cupcakes
Filet with cherry demi Glace, and a squash veggie cake
please click the link if you are a foodie - add your email to the bottom!!
Grilled Para Fish in Foil
Passion fruit
Turkey noodle and wild rice soup.
Applepie
3 Tier Christmas Cake
Honey glazed lemon garlic salmon
Bbq chicken skewers
mint chocolate chip cookies
Thit Kho Tau (Caramelized Pork Belly and Egg)
mussels! So easy and very tasty😃. And I’m certainly no pro/chef...
Ramen at @Ramen in Manayunk, Philly.
Apple Turnovers
Blueberry and lemon loaf cake
Koshary : Egypt's national dish and a widely popular street food
Tortellini in brodo
How to make Perfect Chicken Manchurian With Egg Fried Rice. Sizzling Chicken Manchurian Easy Recipe.
gordita crunch wrap supreme
Everything-Brioche buns!
Coconut chicken salad with crispy shallots
🥩🍤
Focaccia Pizza
Egg Rolls (Pork &amp; Veggie)
tom yum noodle soup
Chicken Cacciatore
Scrambled eggs with hot sauce, hash brown potatoes with ketchup, scrapple and buttered toast
Potato wedges paprika and tabasco
a little pick-me-up after exercising!
olgas flavor factory salmon with balsamic tomatoes and asparagus and rice pilaf
Sous vide Ribeye
Pan fried noodles with stir fried bok choy
I made pizza!
Let's celebrate winter at Home with HungryFuzZ
Ham and Swiss party sandwiches
A fried catfish poboy with fries.
Mediteran und eiweißreich
'My mind was messed up': Shaw reveals the advice he got from Sachin Tendulkar after disappointing tour of Australia - Hindustan Times
a Japanese hotdog
Chili Oil Noodles
Steamed shrimps and crabs
oven cooked brisket
Cinnamon Crispas
Spicy bean stew with crispy cauliflower nuggets
Super Long Fry I Found From McDonald's
Charcuterie boards are super tasty and fun to make!
Woman recalls awkward moment with waiter in viral TikTok: 'Most embarrassing moment of my life!' - Fox News
Carbonara and Basque Cheesecake
I made bagels. One was a bungel.
Onion rice and chicken on a mushroom and roasted garlic sauce
instant ramen with duck, cabbage and onions
all 6 donuts because I’m an adult now and nobody can stop me! Muhahaha
Pork*Beef* my girl friend birthday cake
Penne with herby puréed butternut squash and shallot sauce, pancetta, kale, and sage
Yellow Cupcakes with Chocolate Frosting
Fluffy White Milk Bread
Ginger Shrimp Congee
Paste carbonara cu carne din carnati proaspeti,simple,rapide si delicios de bune
Einstein Bros Bagels Honey Almond Cream Cheese. Isn’t this the best thing you’ve ever had??
Tandoori chicken and some chilled beer
Ribeye quesadillas with beans, redpepper, onion, jalapeno and pepperjack cheese.
Tostadas and fideo soup
I woke up wanting soup for breakfast, and ended up finding a recipe for congee online. Will definitely make again!
duck fat fries w/ garlic aioli
Charcuterie board i made for thanksgiving
S/O made dinner tonight.
Taco Tuesday 🤤 🌮
Keto steak in butter and garlic
Egg white omelettes with cilantro, sauteed mushrooms and corn with multigrain bread.
THAI FISH CAKES
Blueberry Lemon Bread
standing rib roast
Red Pepper
Roasted red pepper and almond spread for grilled garlic bread.
mesquite-&amp;-apple-smoked steelhead trout w. kewpie tartar slaw on Martin’s potato sliders
, taste breads and very easy made https://8a28fslom5aygz39h5pp460ezn.hop.clickbank.net/?tid=VASHI
cranberry gastrique I just love that vibrant red color
piccata milanese with spaghetti
Beef brisket
Lemon Blueberry Scone and Devonshire Cream with a Hazelnut Flavored Coffee with Frothed Milk
Vanilla Cheese Cake
Lentil curry (Dahl) and paratha
3-Bone Choice Angus Rib Roast. Easily my favorite part of Christmas.
crab legs
Crispy golden pork belly
Finishing a wagyu tri-tip in butter and the works.
French dip sandwich with ah ju gravy with waffles fries
Spaghetti and Meatballs
Traditional Paella
yes so tasty
spiced mahi mahi tacos with purple cabbage, pico de Gallo, and a cilantro lime crema
Spicy Italian Sausage/Mole Chicken “Quesadillas”
Made Donuts. Definitely room for improvement. Made a vanilla glaze with oreos and a peanut butter glaze with reeces cups and bacon
Pad Thai w/ chicken.
Tourtiére
Tempura
Ribeye Steak
Brisket trimmings ground burger patty melt with smoked cheddar and Swiss cheese crisp, fries onions, pickle and corned brisket bacon on homemade sourdough, with flaming hot kimchee collard greens and air fries.
French Onion Soup with Gruyere Cheese
rosemary sourdough bread, tomatoes, garlic slivers, mozzarella topped with balsamic glaze and virgin olive oil drizzle.
This 30cm Tall Red Velvet cake that Lova staff surprised us with for my parents anniversary dinner!
Smoking Salmon sashimi with wasabi pea &amp; nori
garganelli
Avocado toast on homemade sourdough topped with heirloom tomatoes....I woke up starving today!
Chicken nuggets
lemon berry napoleon
chicken tacos🤤
Graham cracker crusted French Toast Sticks
Quail boneless on the back stuffed with foie gras with chanterelles
Bacon Sandwich
Plate of cold cuts and seafood
pork tenderloin with a mushroom sauce
cioppino #seafood
Check out this  in Mexico City!
Red Leicester
Canelés
Christmas food around the world VLOGMAS DIA 14
Croissant with bacon and scrambled eggs
Sourdough baguette
Rueben Sandwich
Pan Fried Garlic Mustard Chicken w/Whole Wheat Broccoli Pasta
birthday cake cookies
Korean NYE feast for my friends at work
Smoothie Juice
Tomato Risotto with Brown Butter Shrimp, peas, and truffle oil
Sourdough bread, 85% hydration
Fried Dumplings
Beef shank stew
Brisket breakfast skillet
Solyanka soup.
Breakfast crunchwrap inspired by the crunchwrap post earlier this week
Ham, broccoli and cheese Stromboli
- Pizzas
Momma's Charcuterie Board
Chili Cheese Spätzle w/ Brussel Sprouts and Steak
Grilled fish curry
Balmoral chicken with whiskey cream sauce
Steak dinner I made for my birthday
cajun fried oyster mushrooms with collard greens.
Honey drizzled spicy tuna mayo fruit salad
Caprese Chicken Pot Pie
Sour cherry tart
Sushi with Salma Salmon
Cheesy Baked Potatoes with Bacon and Onion Springs
Chicken with a sun dried tomato cream sauce, focaccia and mint peas.
Eggs benedict on bagel and homemade Hollandaise sauce.
Cooking Awesome - شرائح لحم البقر الرعب المصنوعة من الحشرات والضفادع -St...
Holiday Cheese Board
Baby shower cake, three layers of chocolate cake layered with Nutella swiss buttercream
34 day dry aged prime NY strip steak with mushrooms, asparagus, and black garlic cream sauce.
Beef barely soup
Swedish Tea Ring
tomahawk steak
Salted Chocolate Almond Clusters
scrumptious pizza
mushroom smurf paradise risotto
Pasta, with pea, broccoli and spinach "sauce", bacon and corn on top
Christmas Inspired Platter
Oklahoma smash burger
Everything Bagel Bread 🍞
Pineapple, cinnamon and rum upside down cake
coconut jalapeño baked salmon patties
Mini Croissant stuffed with Nutella and Strawberries
Goan Sausage Curry and Pulao
Dolsot Bibimbap with La Galbi *before the heat
GRILLED LOBSTER BIRYANI (BRISTER) My own recipe#Biryani#Lobster Biryani ... ""
Hamburger made by https://www.thewholesomedish.com/the-best-classic-burger/
Another meal prep Monday coming at you! This one I had to use some of my favorite seasoning! Don't sleep on this flavorful powder can really change your meals. Those veggies and what not that your kids or even you don't.... this will get you through it.
Chive Pockets
Crab legs and avocado BLT salad
Lasagna Bolognese with bechamel
kiwi berries
Garlic cheesy bread
FireDust Beef and Pork Roulade
Gogosi (goh-gosh)!  Romanian Donuts.
Rosemary white beans with extra bacon(!)
Mujadara, Pita, Tomatoes
Double cheeseburger with bacon and jalapeños
Sakura ebi pasta
Honey Garlic Mushroom Caps
Sausage and mushroom pizza
Flame-roasted Mealloaf with standard accoutrement... Extra spicy :P
Alaskan salmon (caught on a fishing trip) in a Brown Butter and London sauce with veggies and rice.
Tri-Tip Sandwich
Spicy tuna poke bowl. Tuna caught same day.
this for breakfast!
Pain perdue
Chocolate chip cookie cheesecake
Viral video catches Hartland heifer foiling electric fence in shocking bovine breakout - Concord Monitor
Lactose free waffles.
Pakora
Malai kofta and naan
Buffalo chicken pizza.
I Ate Devil Cheese, come and watch it
Smoked Belly-on Pork Ribs
Okay, so whoever is doing home office or currently at home, go and make this for yourself! 🔥 You deserve it! All !
Buffalo Chicken Flatbread Pizza
Butternut squash and pancetta risotto
A whole charcuterie. Eventually.
Roasted Leg of Lamb
Chicken with broccoli and mushrooms
Stir-fry noodles
Rock Salt Roast Chicken
Lamb meatballs over manchego polenta with chimichuri and roasted baby broccoli + mushrooms
Thick Pancakes
3 mango cheesecakes, 2 dark and white chocolate mousses and 1 mocha flavoured mousse
Check out my cooking " "
Cubano from Chef with a Pepperjack sub for swiss, one of my proudest moments after brining and marinating pork for 24 hours.
pancake art and they tasted pretty good. Easter Pancakes just really fun
Pork, sauerkraut and apples over mashed potatoes
egg shell in my sauge egg mcmuffin :/
spaghetti and sauce
Boston Cream Pie w/ Irish Coffee chaser.
Steamed Bao Buns with Smoked Porkbelly.
Asada, lengua and cabeza tacos
I would like to share this:)
My Spring Grill go to: Bone-In Ribeye and Grilled asparagus (with grated Parmesan)
Beef Curry
Raspberry pie
Pizza And Pasta Sauce
Smoked pastrami, cheese and grilled onions sandwich.
cod with curry and rice
Mixed Taco Plate- Tripas, Barbacoa, Tinga, and Carne Asada
Double Cheeseburgers With Raw Onions
hey everyone, my buddy is working on a food related project and could really use your help. If you wouldn't mind taking a moment to answer a few question culinary related, it would be greatly appreciated. Thank you for your help.
Chicken and rice

Crispy sweet and sour shrimp
An attempt was made
Spaghetti carbonara
T-bone, ribeye steak, and gambas al Ajillo
Double Layered Carrot Cake
BBQ Pork Belly burnt ends
Smoked Salmon Eggs Benedict
- Snow skin Red Bean Moon cakes
Bacon, Cheddar and Gruyere Mac N Cheese
Jerk Chicken smoked over Korean charcoal, allspice and bay leaves
Minted lamb meatball, vegetable and gnocchi bake
Square buckwheat sourdough
Cookie Cake Recipe - Μπισκοτενιο Κεικ Της Βασουλας – Συνταγη Για Κεικ Με Γκαναζ Σοκολατας
Reverse seared prime beef on a kamado grill.
Sun-dried tomato risotto with burrata and cherry tomatoes
Kinder Bueno Cake
Gluten free waffle breakfast sandwich
walnut banana bread with butter pecan ice cream
Kentucky Fried Chicken Rice
here’s some pizza
Valentine's Day Fudge, made with Ruby Chocolate, Marshmallows, Toffee Peanuts, Raspberry Yogurt Pretzels, and Caramel
Sushi&amp;Maki
Takeaway Italian Margherita pizza for lunch today ☺️
wild boar rib smoked in eucalyptus wood
Mummy themed mini key lime pies
Stir fried mushroom sprinkled with pink Himalyan salt, roasted long beans, egg with onion and garlic butter, papaya and nag fruit
vegetable stocks good for the health
Stocks to watch: Vodafone Idea, Tata Motors, ONGC, DHFL, Airtel, Power Grid - Business Standard
Curry feast. Crab. Prawn. Biryani rice. Butter naan. Sambal. Cilantro yogurt. No shortcuts here.
Buffalo Chicken Tacos
raspberry and almond cake
Flourless Chocolate Brownie with Vanilla Buttercreme
split pea soup with ham
New York cheesecake topped with strawberry compote.
Chicken noodle soup with sourdough
roast rooster
Braised beef short ribs with red wine balsamic reduction, roasted root veggies and rapini
Stuffed Chicken Breasts wrapped in Bacon.
Cioppino
Bitter orange marmalade with a dash of scotch
tacos
classic extra crispy and xtra spicy Buffalo wings with ranch side with the pizza as posted alongside.
Food Truck Tacos

Chicken Burrito with Rice and Beans, Peppers, Onions topped with Queso and Salsa Verde
Beef Jerky
Air Fryer Shrimp With Yum Yum Sauce
Fish Tacos
Chocolate mousse and whipped cream. ❤
I wanted to share our pozole!
bowl o red with flaming hot Cheetos
Pork and Napa Cabbage Wontons
coconut fried shrimp
air fried pork chops in a rice dish and ramen dish
gyoza
stuffed zucchini with Mexican rice and chorizo
Chứng nhận hợp quy bao bì chứa đựng thực phẩm bằng nhựa
Fried Potatoes with Dill
The size of this truffle.
Apple and Cinnamon Oatmeal
Have you worked at Outback Steakhouse? I need help with recipes!! I'm looking for the ranch &amp; Caesar dressing recipes from someone who worked there. Also do you know where they bought their chicken tenders from? They recently changed their chicken so I'm going to start making it at home!
Polenta and Cajun gravy
pizza hot pockets
Grilled lamb chop with mint chutney and roasted corn and zucchini couscous salad with walnuts and mint
Laura Bush's  Cowboy Cookies
Butternut Squash Bread
Chilaquiles with blue corn tortilla chips, spicy red salsa, bacon and creamy garlic hatch chile sauce on top
This really beautiful cookie, that tasted exactly how I imagine sawdust tastes.
"" Pepper Beaf Roasted Indian
Spaghetti Meatball
Yaki Udon with kimchi plus salt and chilli chicken.
Pizza Attempt #2
by Nazo Yummy Food,
burgers&amp; buns with a beer.
Chicken adobo in a cast iron skillet
A simple plate of spaghetti with sautéed garlic &amp; tomatoes.
Crispy chicken fingers with homemade breadcrumbs
Goat curry Indian style (mutton curry)
bread that was baked with love
General Tso’s chicken
(homemade) munch plate.
white rice with beans,ground beef, carrots, and green peppers.
Caprisi
Alright 😊. What's your favorite season.?
chicken flautas
potato, spinach, and cheese tart with an herbed crust
duck leg tamarind curry
Double cheeseburger with copycat animal sauce
6 layer chocolate block cake
3 eyed monster cake
broccoli Alfredo
Songpyeon for Cats 🌓 (Half Moon Cake)
Dumplings and tater tots
a1 suace it yummy
Cheeky pot roast pheasant and tatties for my old man's 59th bday
I just made a sub for meatballs r/meatballsupportgroup
a dozen Beau Soleil oysters, served with lemon, horseradish, and mignonette
Korean food! Bulgogi, pork belly, dumplings, steam buns, fish cake, tteok-bokki, pickled radishes, and other things!
I cooked a pork chop and roast potatoes
flan
Pizza
BOLO DE LUXO FEITO COM DINHEIRO E OURO🤑| Funny Stop Motion Cooking &amp; ASM...
New book explores the mind-blowingly diverse world of Black food in America - austin360
Shakshuka, hashbrowns and oh so fluffy croissants. Thought I'd cook up a decent breakfast for the family before heading to uni tomorrow.
Suit Cake
Sashimi and Sushi night!
Double smashburger with bacon and grilled onions, and a chili dog
Basque ‘Burnt’ Cheesecake
Mussels with Wine, Tomatoes &amp; Herbs
Dumplings with homemade chili oil
Chicken Alfredo for Dinner
Motera stadium renamed Narendra Modi Stadium as President Ram Nath Kovind inaugurates the venue - Times of India
Ribs, Mash, House chili oil
grilled spatchcock chicken
Almond flour Brownies
Chicken katsu spicy miso ramen. I cheated with the ramen noods and used spaghettini boiled in baking soda water - solid noodle hack when you don’t have ramen and don’t want to use instant.
Salt and Pepper chicken wings!
Chicken dumplings
Porchetta stuffed with fennel, apples, olives, and parsley. Finished with an almond parsley pesto. Devoured during the Super Bowl.
Chai
Smoked Dino Beef Ribs
Crispy potatoes, sweet &amp; sour greens and grilled spicy pork.
Wings Friday...!!!🔥💯👅
Naturally Leavened Butter Croissant
Medama-yaki nokke gohan. Rice and egg breakfast
Guittard chocolate covered strawberry 🍓 mini cheesecakes for Valentine’s Day. Chocolate crust, white chocolate strawberry cheesecake, chocolate ganache topping.
Italian Almond Cake
Cheesecake.
sushi and maki
Avocado on Toasted Croissant
3 ingredient linguini Alfredo
My attempt at Hot Pot
Tomato &amp; Basil Bagels
My Quick and Easy  Pizza ... give it a try guys!
Kozice na buzaru - Adriatic see shrimps prepared dalmatian style with tomato, garlic and white wine
Fried fish with dill rice
Food Items
Wilensky special.
Pan-seared duck breast with a wine reduction sauce
Olive Garden copycat  zuppa toscana, fettuccini alfredo, garlic bread, bacon, freshly grated Parmesan, red pepper flakes, and parsley garnish
Smoked Meatloaf Stacker!
Creamy Irish Leek and Potato soup with fresh oregano dumplings!
I make a  noodle dish with low sodium chicken stock, chopped ginger, garlic, celery, and carrots with black pepper, cayenne, oregano, crushed red pepper, and a little tumeric. It's spicy but so tasty. Kinda like a healthy ramen
Fish Sandwich with homemade tartar sauce, on cheesy Texas Toast.
butcher heart cake
Leftovers pide prep: Potato, red onion &amp; mozz; Carnitas &amp; pickle; Grilled sausage &amp; tomato.
Mini Pecan Pie
sourdough grilled cheese with pork tenderloin in the middle 2 eggs on top
Smoked chipotle chicken thighs
Bacon and Sea Salt soft pretzels
Smoked and Glazed Wings
Bauernfrühstück (German). Fried Potatoes with onion and egg. Easy, fast and utterly delicious!
Raspberry cheesecake from u/Byssine recipe!
Roast Chicken &amp; Veggies
Teriyaki and Buffalo Sauce Chicken Wings
Bastogne cake whit red fruit
KHÔNG TIN NỔI: Kluna Tik ăn THỊT THỎ ẢO THUẬT - ASMR Mukbang food sounds...
garlic prawns with bread
Star Anise extract
Kale and Caramelized Onion Veggie Panini
Cheesecake with Blueberry topping
Chinese Stir-Fry Rice Cakes
a Lobster Roll
Pani Puri from DELHI STREETS, Melbourne
- Chocolate Babka
Chicken Chow Mein
Smashed avocado with olive oil, lime juice, red pepper flakes, salt and pepper along with poached eggs.
Buttery Croissants
Pasta with red sauce.
Chicken Strips with Fries and Texas Toast
Turkey Dinner Candy Corn. Food Review.
Deciphering SARS-CoV-2 Transmission With Serology Surveillance - Technology Networks
A 46oz, 42 day dry aged wagyu tomahawk ribeye. Served with a completely necessary pile of flaming sea salt.
Salmon nigiri
BBQ Beef Tenderloin
Homemade Crunch Wrap Supreme
Christmas Macaroon
They were delicious. I need practice on rolling them, but I was pleased.
Pepper jack stuffed mini meatloaves with ghost pepper chili flake dijon glaze topped with sauteed bell pepper and onion with three-potato roasted tavern fries and special sauce.
Bok-choy soup
Carnitas and jalapeño corn cakes w/jalapeño maple syrup -
Curry Breast of Beef with Rice
BBQ Pork Shoulders
bone marrow tacos
Easy Homemade Tahini Sauce Recipe | How To Make Tahini Sauce At Home ""
Stuffed pork Loin - apples Onion and Thyme
Sourdough croutons
Spicy Ndjua red sauce with gnocchi
like a king.
Pumpkin soup, Entrees, Quinoa Burgers, Porkchop stuffed with pruned and bacon, Baked potatoes, sweeet potatoes and apples, Salad with homemade Ranch dressing, Chocolate and marshamallow pie, chocolate covered whipped cream stuffed cones, marshamllow snowmen, coconut and vanilla snowmen
Combo Pizza
Italian chicken and pepper sandos. What yall think? Still learning.
Goat Stew
Cheesy loaded margarita pizza
Chicken quesadillas with black bean and corn salsa
Cinnamon Swirl Cookie, Chocolate Chip Cookie, Hot chocolate Cookie
Birria Taco Board
Crockpot Spicy Japanese beef curry with roasted garlic, sesame rice.
Ramen with grilled shrooms and pork belly
Spicy Shrimp Po’boys, Jambalaya with Kielbasa and Beer Battered Fries
Yummy College Breakfast of Bacon, Eggs, and Cheese Grits.
Korean style spicy stir-fried chicken
Chinese Sticky Ribs &amp; Scallion Pancakes
acai bowl with strawberries, blueberries, spinach and coconut
Some Asian style glazed pork; courtesy of my parents
Pretzel Hotdogs
Smoked Beef Ribs and Fajitas
Poffins from Pokemon! Choux puffs with lemon, spinach, raspberry, and scotch bonnet whipped cream fillings!
Buffalo chicken loaded potato
Madras curry blooming onion, NY strip, caper shallot lemon butter, spicy aioli
Smash Burger, caramelized onions, crispy shallots, burger sauce and chips
Smoked Brisket
Oreo dream cheesecake!
chicken wings with hot sauce and sriracha, sushi and a boundary double imperial ipa beer for my birthday
Chessboard Fudge for the neighbor who cleared out all the snow and used pet-friendly ice melter.
Street style chicken tacos for my birthday
Thanksgiving for Two! | The Pandemic Edition
Roasted Duck
Mountain Dew Code Red Cherry Pie
Duck breast à l’Orange with braised endive (Thomas Keller recipe)
Party size pizza
I DUB THEE: Chicken Plate
I was in a supermarket, then decided to buy a Fajita Kit from old el paso (seasoning and salsa with tortillas). Made at least six of them and ate them with my mom together. Realized I had no lettuce, so I used Iceberg instead. Really delicious. Spent 7€ for everything.
Cuban Mojo Pasta
Honey Buffalo Chicken Wings
Chicken Marsala &amp; Mashed Potatoes
The kernel  reflected 2020.
beef stew over mashed potatoes
Do you like Kimbap?😋
Dutch Baby Topped with Strawberries Flambéed in Dark Spiced Rum
Grilled ‘burger’ cheese
Eggplant bolognese
Steak &amp; Veggies
Top Foods that "" in Dubai and you should Try
stuffed bread !
peanut butter pie with coffee toffee brittle
oreo fudge cheesecake
Hungarian Lángos, cooked far away from Hungary
charcuterie board :)
It’s October so i made a pumpkin spiced latte cake!
Just made my own  chili and cornbread and I couldn’t be happier with it on this cold and rainy night
Tonkotsu Ramen with Chashu, Green Onion and Seaweed
Stilton Fillet Steak Yakitori Stick
mushrooms stuffed with feta and pine nuts
Sous Vide Filet Mignon • Finishing Sear
Types of healthy food/ top
Roman Tyropatina
salted meat
Lobster mac and cheese
A Ramen Bowl
Steak and Mushroom Risotto
Cheesy Omelette, toasted jam &amp; crm cheese chive/breakfasty bagels, with the min. ass't of heavenly bacon. #wifey
Pineapple Pico
Banana, Bacon, &amp; Crunchy Peanut Butter, on toasted Cinnabon Swirl bread
Banana Muffins
Scottish Steak Pie
Cutting the butts off Of bell peppers
Shrimp and Cheese Grits for Sunday Brunch
Hamburger
Macaroni And Cheese Bake
Pan Fried Scallops with Marinated Tomatoes an a Romesco Sauce
Mediterranean dinner
Chocolate glazed donut
Wagyu bento box
Bacon Carbonara
Apple pie tacos. Apple pie filling, Ice cream, and a fried tortilla shell sprinkled with cinnamon sugar. Best thing on earth
Crab Pastina
Bagel with chive cream cheese
Family dinner planning made easy
Guinea pig with pasta and potatoes
Omelette and Bacon. Breakfast for myself and my little one.
lamb rogan josh
Founder Abhishek Deshpande Speaks on transitioning from the hospitality to tech industry and launching Recykal - BW Businessworld
trofie
Venison tacos
buttermilk biscuits 😋
Cheesy penne with bell peppers
Pizza con polpette (meatballs) home owen
Porterhouse steak with garlic butter asparagus and black truffle fries.
Hamburger bean Casserole
couscous
pineapple upside down cake, blood orange baklava, apple and frangipane pithivier, mirror glaze entremet, and vanilla strawberry cupcakes
Carne Asada fajitas and smoked spicy queso.
Baked Chocolate Mochi Donuts with Nutella Glaze
Pizza bianca
4 Layer Lasagna
Pork Belly two ways
Pasta Sauce with Zucchini and Mushrooms
Cooked a Ribeye Roast and Yorkshire Pudding for Christmas
Salsa roja picante
Hand Stretched Brick Oven Pizza!
Smoked salmon eggs Benedict with hollandaise sauce
venison heart tacos
Spaghetti Vongole
Veggie soup
steak and fries
Curry Ramen. Dallas, TX
orange
Pa Gung (spicy Thai prawn dish)
New Orleans seasoned shrimp with konjac rice
Mississippi pot roast in the crockpot
chicken carbonara with fresh pasta and caesar salad
Baked vegetables in bechamel and an arugula salad dressed with basil and peanut butter
pizza !
Pumpkin Spice Chocolate Chip Cookies
Japanese pancakes. Delicious!!
potato soup
Made some buns
Bittersweet Chocolate Tart
Pepperoni &amp; red onion pizza
Leftover chilli, cheese and Carolina reaper hot sauce toastie
Pepperoni Sicilian Pizza
- Russian Dumplings
Sous Vide Pork Tenderloin for Dinner Today!
Hubby made Asian Nachos 🤤
Savory Winter Pie
Quy trình chiết xuất mật ong nguyên chất thơm ngon
Nanaimo Bar
Turkish Iskender Kebap with Pide Bread
Mother's day cookies with flower designs
candy cane ice cream
Beef Wellington
youtube channel: ChefandTell. Let me know what y'all think. Any feedback is great
Pumpkin mantou
Meatloaf "cupcakes" with mashed potato "icing"
blackened pork half loin, spanish rice and Serrano pepper salsa.
pan seared chicken sandwich with fruit and orange juice
Oven grilled spicy chicken thighs, stir-fried bok choy and garlic rice
Cream Noodles with Chicken
Crepes stuffed with chicken
sourdough
Salmon with mushroom risotto
Fried Hot Chicken Tenders &amp; Sandwich
2nd Hand Laminated Pain Au Chocolat’s.
Fruity Pebbles Cupcakes
Just a pizza
Saffron and Pistachio Milkcake
Honey Soy Tofu Stir-fry
Banh mi sandwich
Chuck steak
10 Weird But Delicious Iranian Food
hazelnut and peanut chocolate pralines
Molten Lava Cake
tortilla de patatas!
Smoked Prime Rib, Grilled Asparagus, Steamed Corn and Pommes Aligot (cheesy, stretchy mashed potatoes)
Lemon Saffron Salmon With Dill Basmati
NY Strip w/ Chimichurri &amp; Roasted Veg
Smoked Pastrami
Grilled skirt steak marinated in Korean bbq sauce for 17 hours. Still learning how to control the heat on the grill, but this came out exactly the way I wanted. Super proud, and friend recommended I post here. (Sides: jasmine rice, chili/vinegar/fish sauce dip and Kim chi to accompany it)
dry-brined Filet Mignon
2020 Remixed: EDM Artist Brings Together the Year's Most Defining Moments in a Viral Video - News18
I made al pastor today lol hubby approved 😁
Meat lovers deep dish stuffed cheese pizza
A Creamy Chestnut and Milk Chocolate Ganache Cronut
crispy skin duck breast with an orange and wine reduction
Top round pot roast
Angel food cake! With strawberry’s, homemade whip cream, kinder surprise and strawberry jam!
Wild Elk Crown Roast
Shrimp on top of toasted bread with coleslaw on top and potato wedges in the side(not shown)
I made brownies
Salt Baked Branzino
Pistachio Ice Cream
Extra cheese, green peppers, onions and grilled chicken pizza
Russian fish soup
Red Potatoes with Tahini
Burger with grilled onions, Swiss, habanero pickles
Mango Cheesecake Bingsu(Korean Shaved Ice Dessert)
spaghetti and meatballs with shaved parmesan reggiano!
Macarons with blueberry cream cheese filling
Food banks fear possible end of USDA Farmers to Families Food Box program - NBC News
Buffalo Chicken Potato Wedges
salmon with creamy Dijon dill sauce and baked potato and broccoli
Oatmeal with chia seeds, mango and pomegranate.
Good Friday Special: Caesar Salad
Healthy bowl
BBQ Tandoori Chicken
Bulgogi!
Fuyu persimmon galette
spaghetti and garlic bread
A mayonnaise and scrambled egg bagel with a coke
Seafood Paella with Mussels, Scallops and Shrimp.
Cuban Mojo Pork w/ plantains, black beans, and white rice. Maybe cuban sandwiches tomorrow?
wild berry tart
Chorizo Torta!
Calamari filled with anchovies,cherry tomatoes,panko breadcrumbs and red onions covered in pistachio sauce
Award-winning chicken recipe…in my house!!!
‘sausage and peppers’ Sicilian pie
New York Style Pizza.
cheesecake with fruits and latte
a burger to cure the monday blues
chocolate ganache birthday cake 🎂 🥰
Beyond Burger!
Budget food challenge
confit duck leg, air fryer roasted potatoes, green beans, whipped goats cheese
crispy chicken burger
Mango Habanero Shrimp Po Boy
Oven baked goat cheese and herb pork chop with sautéed green beans and cranberry coulis
Sweet Sour Pork with Green Pepper and Pineapple
Chile con queso blanco
“” pizza by me.. how is it??
Fried Chicken Sandwich
Green curry chicken
Hamburger soup and frybread.
Girl Scout Cookie Ice Box Cake
Pull-apart Sour Cream and Chive Rolls
Banana creme brûlée
Rice balls with Bulgogi inside
baked potato with chili con carne, cheddar, olives, pickled jalapeño's, crème fraiche and cilantro
Spicy shrimp, top sirloin, and steamed cauliflower
Grilled BBQ chicken, roasted potatoes and onions, and brussel sprouts with bacon.
Original Pizza Napoletana
Man dies after getting second dose of vaccine: Family awaits post-mortem report - Hindustan Times
Libyan Mbakbaka
Best Ribs I’ve ever had in my LIFE.
breading with chopsticks, so satisfying
New York style Pizza
Khao Kha Moo (Braised Pork Leg on Rice)
Christmas Eve board
AIUDF’s Badruddin Ajmal claims viral video on him ‘100% fake’, says ‘taken out of context to spike TV ratings’ - Times NowMan accidentally walks in on daughter-in-law posing in 'super cute' lingerie, watch viral video - Times Now
chilled lobster and shrimp platter
Bulgogi and daikon/cabbage kimchi soft tacos
raspberries parfait
pepperoni mushroom and green pepper pizza
Crispy tortellini with mushrooms, onion, peas and steak; finished with Alfredo and Parmesan Reggiano.
Duck fat seared wagyu tower with garlic salt and thyme
Smoked Pulled Pork, smoked potatoes, and sweet corn
Chocolate covered strawberries
Japanese curry with seared beef tenderloin
Detroit Style Deep Dish
I tried making  mashed potatoes... it didn’t go well Mashed Potato Fail 🥔 Mayonnaise Mouth Mini-sode 1
Wagyu Tri Tip Sandwich
Happy 34th to me
Cheesy Fries
Hot dog buns
Napoleon Cake.
Tuna Curry
Sydney hair therapist wows millions with viral video of herself popping HEAD LICE - Daily Mail
https://ift.tt/2YxtkCC
Pantry Stir-Fried Shrimp Udon
spaghetti with homemade pesto
Cheese onion no knead bread
Sushi bowl with tempeh, tamagoyaki, wakame, cucumber and wasabi mayonnaise.
Food According to hellobeautiful.com
Crunchy green bell peppers, cream cheese, shredded chicken thighs, and everything bagel seasoning 🤤
Pan seared Angus Ribeye.
Roasted bone-in, skin-on chicken breast, creamy garlic potatoes, and petite green peas
gnocchetti sardi.
Chocolate Tools
Yogurt parfait with fruit and granola (squint to see the yogurt)
hot pot dinner ready!
https://ift.tt/3axbZiP
sushi on my birthday
Korean spicy pork
Texas Style Brisket
Maduros, rice w/tomato and peas, pinto beans w/sofrito and olives, romaine salad. Lagunitas IPNA!
Chicken,3 Cheese, Eggplant
Chocolate Maple Cake
Roast beef, sauerkraut, cheddar and mustard on Lancashire muffins.
Omakase sushi and sashimi
Jersey tomato sandwich
Watching Devilman Crybaby &amp; Cooking (but mostly cooking)
Smoked chuck roast...👅🍷
Fried Rice
Kuku Paka with rice, Kenyan Samosas, and Kare Pan
Bone-in ribeyes for the family tonight. Look at these grill marks!
brown rice congee with mushrooms and fried garlic, jalepenos and leeks. Missing chopped chives bc that stuff goes bad in like 20 seconds.
Bacon and Egg McMuffins
Chocolate coconut truffles
Turkey Chipotle Burrito Bowl
White chocolate &amp; Pistachio Blondie
Shells &amp; Cheddar with Ketchup and Parmesan
buckwheat Emmer wholemeal sourdough sandwich loaf
Garlic butter Lemon pepper salmon, mushrooms, spinach, tomatoes and rice.
Apple Crisp in progress.
Veggie breakfast with homemade baked beans
BBQ
I tried Eleven Madison Park at home -  this roast chicken stuffed with brioche, foie gras and black truffles. INSANE flavor!!
Chicken Roghan Josh
hot chocolate station
Kaiserschmarrn with apple sauce
Sesame-Ginger chicken w/ veggies over sticky white rice
Khichdi Recipe | Khichadi ki Recipe spicy
Blackened tilapia topped with habanero mango salsa and a side of seared scallops and white rice
combining my two favourite puddings to make Apple Crumble Pie
steak, asparagus and rice with spring onions and mushrooms
Deep Fried Chicken Bao
- Cheeseboard
Steak with anchovy, caper and parsley marinade. Medium rare.
BUFFALO MOZZARELLA AND SEMI-CANDIED TOMATOES
Fried Fish Sandwich.
Bangers and Mash
Souffle Pancakes
Chicken curry and saag broccoli + mango pickles
chicken lollipops with Schezwan sauce
pizza
pancakes and chai (Tea)
Cranberry crumble quark cheesecake.
Hot Pot
Chicken Parmigiana with Fettuccine
Arepas con ropa vieja
Wine. Sliced pear. Bob Ross puzzle. What else is there?
Broccoli and cheddar cheese soup
Cozonac =Christmas dessert from Romania
Chicken tikka masala naan wraps or Bhuna Balti Chicken tikka naan wraps topped with a crispy onion bhaji, La Cucina Lounge Deli in Gateshead
Irish Stew and bread
Oreo Cheesecake Cupcakes
David Bowie Signed Bookplate 2010 Genesis Autograph
Whole-wheat Lomein
Steak gyros with homemade tzatziki sauce
Toy Story Alien Avocado Toast
Pancakes with nutella/banana
A local deli reuben with beet horseradish
Christmas macarons
Lamb Kidneys and mushrooms on Toast, red wine mustard cream sauce and housemade salt rising bread
Grill Chicken Legs
Cajun shrimp and sausage w/ rice.
prawn chow mein
chicken in sweet and sour sauce with rice
Chicken and Mushroom Rice Recipe
Halloumi-Zucchini patties with limesauce
Chocolate babka
Texas Barbecue
Eggless pancakes and chorizo.
Cách làm bánh Trung Thu ăn cho bớt mặp | Healthy moon cake
Raclette party for 2
whole roasted cauliflower with gravy and root vegetables
Tako &amp; Tuna Nigiri
Open leak and pea lasagne
Cold marinated calamari salad with fresh bread
Chocolate Cake with Mascarpone Espresso Frosting and a Raspberry Coulis.
Macarons with Swiss Meringue Buttercream
Chicken Sagwala &amp; Chana Aloo
Cream Horns
Breakfast bloody Mary
Dessert, party of one.
CHICKEN HARIYALI
Mussel, Whelk and Shrimp cooked with white wine and served with Dog Sauce
prosciutto salami tomato pizza!
Cabbage kimchi
Bierfleisch (German beer braised beef)
brioche feuilletée
scotch egg
Udon broth with ramen and fried chicken
Fried cod
Study identifies features of potent SARS-CoV-2 neutralizing antibodies - News-Medical.Net
Red potato purée with bacon slices under a sous vide egg. Served with sourdough French bread and dry pepper bacon.
Kimpop
Bagel Club Sandwich
s’mores croissant donut
Hot Mulled Bourbon Apple Cider
Apple &amp; Cranberry Crepes
Oven baked Baby Backs
brisket for thanksgiving. Turkey to come in the morning
Shrimps with spinach and pineapple
Không còn phải dậy từ rất sớm để làm giò, với máy xay giò công nghiệp Bếp Đỏ chỉ mất 3- 4 phút để xay 1 mẻ thịt làm giò chả lụa.Trong số đó, máy xay giò chả công nghiệp 7kg là dòng máy đáp ứng nhu cầu của các cơ sở có nhu cầu xay khoảng 80Kg giò chả mỗi ngày.
reverse-seared med-rare Wagyu tri-tip
Marinated tofu shish kabob
Smoked Queso Dip
Recipe | Special Egg Biryani in Pressure Cooker | Egg Biryani Recipe | Chef Asha Sharma
Làm BÁNH RÁN Dorayaki từ chính DORAEMON !! Thánh Nấu Ăn ASMR Stop Motion...
Spare ribs, beans, carrot slaw, cornbread, corn
creamy tuscan salmon
Food recalls continue to rise in Switzerland - Food Safety News
What’s up pork chop?
Cod with an orange and dill crumb and hassleback potato
Filleted chicken with tomato, asparagus, &amp; pesto sauce
Lemon Pancakes 🍋🥞
food
Woodfired Ribeye
This 30cm Tall Red Velvet cake that Lova staff surprised us with for my parents anniversary dinner. 🍰🍓🍓
Apple Cider Donuts with a Cayenne Pepper Caramel Glaze
Bison hamburger steak, garlic mashed potatoes, gravy and fresh green beans
PBJ &amp; Jar of Milk
pasta-la-vista le kake
Capicola
eclairs
Egg sandwich, white American cheese, sriracha mayo
Maine Style Lobster Roll
Pecan-wood Smoked Beef Prime Rib with rosemary &amp; garlic crust
fried fish, shrimp and calamari.
paella with lobster, scallops, calamari, mahi mahi, shrimp, and mussels
Dduk Guk
Savory Bread Pudding
Soft and chewy peanut butter cookies with triple chocolate chips
Chicken and Chorizo Jambalaya with Tabasco
What would you call this?
Rhode Island style dynamite meatballs
banana and blueberry bread
Tried a new desert
Creamy garlic mushroom pasta with  pappardelle
Farmer’s Breakfast
"A lovely cheese pizza, just for me."
Honey Mustard Roast Pork
Covid Sourdough (1 month starter)
Labor of love. Tender, juicy smoked brisket.
Blackened Mahi Mahi w/ Bok Choy, Peppers, Coconut Pineapple Rice and Tomatillo Avocado Salsa
Butter basted ribeye with jalapeño popper twice baked potato
I made my own bread.
Chinese Spare Ribs
Cajun flavoured chicken fingers
Toast, I think I nailed it... Now for some Ice Water. Trying to work at home and make some toast for breakfast, results are in. Don't work from home!
Butterfly roasted chicken with gravy and sauce
Chipotle copycat chicken thighs
Meatballs frying in roasted garlic oil 2” oil in pan.  washed up
Glazed Ham
I prepared this charcuterie platter
Sourdough French Toast with Sauteed Apples &amp; Caramelized Spruce Tip Syrup
fresh caught bluefin tuna sushi night
Thin-crust with veggies
Burguer
Coronavirus latest: New US cases climb back above 100000 - Financial Times
Braised short ribs with garlic mashed potatoes
Everyone is doing this now so here is why pink is the best flavour. I guess I have to put
Babka bread with chocolate crumble topping
Breakfast sandwich with some leftover NY strip
New England Boiled Cider Pie
Spicy Ramen with Pork Belly
Indo-Chinese Pasta Recipe
Pecan fried chicken, mixed rice and apple cider reduction
pasta with Pecorino Romano cheese
Final Touch on Cake
Apple Spice Cake Silicone Mold fail
Charcuterie board
Spanish Ham &amp; Egg Croquetas
Breakfast Burrito
Homemade chili chicken and parotta
Italian bread
surf and turf with all the fixin’s
seafood pasta!
Scrambled Eggs, Bacon &amp; Hash Brown.
Pumpkin macaroni and cheese
Cranberry Sauce
Vaca Frita Pizza
brownie cake with ganache and sprinkles
Chewy praline chocolate cookies
Pan fried red snapper with seared scallops on green pea purée. Topped with potatoes, bacon and micro greens.
Pasta alla Vodka
Chocolate orange fudge cake
gingerbread
bitcoin new account open Skillet Cornbread
Turkey for Two
Halloween Chatourie Board
Dairy Free; blueberry, goat cheese, and graham cracker.
seafood buffet
Baldi's Basics | Kluna Tik eating BALDI and his classmates: AMONG US - G...
pumpkin butter chicken with garlic naan
tacos came out great!
火腩班球煲 Roast Pork and Cod Fillet And 北京片皮鸭 Peking Duck
Pepperoni and mushroom pizza with a garlic butter base
Red Curry Peanut Ramen
Fresh pasta and alfredo sauce
Taiwanese fried chicken bao with pickles and Korean chilli mayo.
Chinese Jelly Noodles (Sichuan Cuisine)
Beef burger, Chicken thigh burger, onion rings, apple pie.
waffles and plain yogurt bowl for my diet day lunch.
Crispy Cheese Potato Fingers
- Double Chocolate Chunk Cookies
fried chicken thighs
Cinnamon Rolls
Sourdough cast iron pan pizza
ropa vieja with black beans and rice
Dauphinoise Potatoes
Nashville Hot Fried Chicken Sandwich
mini waffles and and orange for breakfast
Chewy Chocolate Chip and Raisin Oatmeal Cookies

Salted chocolate marscapone tart
New York steak
It’s my cake day today, so I’m posting a cake I baked recently
Ricotta and Walnut Ravioli
Ratatouille  ( great alternative for a regular meat eaters)
bacon, onion, and garlic Mac n Cheese
Steak Bowls
Extra cheesy Margherita pizza
Oven fried chicken thighs.
lorighittas
Spaghetti Carbonara with Pecorino and Guanciale
Earl Grey Shortbread
Butterscotch cookies
The hyped-up whipped coffee with a freshly baked cookie! noms.
Pork Mapo Tofu
Grilled center cut pork chop with balsamic glaze, grilled asparagus, and air fried sweet potato fries.
pizza pepperoni |
General Tso’s Chicken
Nordic brunch
- Baked garlic toast and spaghetti sandwich
Spaghetti bolognaise and a Cosmopolitan
Shoyu Ramen and Tonkatsu set with three kinds of pickled daikon radish.
Roast Beef with Gorgonzola Sauce
Pumpkin muffins.
Christmas Tree Meringues
Kitten escapes cage to play with puppy
Grilled Sweet and Sour Pork with Fried Rice and Homegrown Microgreens.
Double chocolate chip cookies
The Best Lobster Tails
sesame-crusted tuna, cabbage with pancetta and pine nuts, rainbow carrots and polenta dumplings
chicken katsu
, Egg cake + Pitaya juice
Dinner of oysters, bay scallops, shishito peppers, and fresh bread
Pineapple Habanero Ribs !
White Chocolate Peppermint Fudge
Soda bread with dried currants, cranberries and apricots
White chocolate &amp; Hazelnut Cookies
Too burnt? You be the judge. Vegetables and chicken wrap.
Chicken and waffles with hot honey!
szechuan style fish in chili oil and vegetables.
Millionaire’s shortbread
Kenji's best barbecue chicken. Not a lie, the best chicken I've ever made
soft shell crabs
spaghetti and meatballs
Gluten Free Yorkshire puddings, Green Bean Casserole and Pigs in Blankets. Delicious!
https://cutt.ly/ajHzA2o
beef wellington
scalped au gratin turkey taters
pizza!
stay healthy
Lox and bagels
How are Skills doing
Grilled Prime Rib, was lucky and found an odd cut of prime rib just under 2lbs. And snagged it up:) Put on grill about 1/2 an hour.
hearty breakfast to start the day☀️
Pumpkin Cheesecake Bars
Chicken Alfredo with Homemade Cheesy Garlic Bread and Homemade Wine
Honey Chilli Chicken &amp; Egg Fried Rice
pulled pork in a fried whole wheat tortilla with hummus and guacamole
Seared Ahi Tuna with Ginger Sesame Sauce
Strawberry and Oreo Cream Cake
Triple Cinnamon Tart with chocolate "cinnamon stick" garnish.
Traditional Shortbread
Chicken Carbonara
Italian and Mediterranean pinwheels
Artisan Bread with EVOO, Basil, and White Anchovies
Curried noodles with vegetables
Naan Bread Pizza
Udon Soup.
Apple rose tart
Easy Tahini Sauce Recipe | How To Make Tahini Sauce ""
Robert Gordon Brown's Breakfast Lunch and Dinner
White Bean Chicken Chili &amp; Jalapeno Cheddar Cornbread
- Crab Cakes Benedict
pork pasta with a creamy mushroom sauce
Black sesame burger buns
Roasted Salmon and Barramundi with celery root and parsnip purée
Is this mango fine?
I made a 3 ingredient omelette the other day. Highly recommend it.
Scrambled eggs with tomato, chives, smoked salmon and fried mushrooms
https://ift.tt/3oXI1KU
Ribs, Cormbread, &amp; Kale Salad
Cheeseburger on a kaiser roll
Avocado Bagel w/ Fruits ft Mochaccino
meatloaf sandwich with macaroni and cheese, topped with chopped parsley on a warm ciabatta roll.
Sage and Apple Sausage rolls
Surf + Turf with spuds
honey soy roast duck
A5 Kuroge Wagyu Steak
Vegemite vs. Peanut butter (30 second survey) would be really helpful you guys could fill it out, thanks in advance
boiled cockles with spicy seafood sauce
Cuy al horno
Pho’
Galette des rois, french traditional epiphany cake
Chopped Greek salad
Cinnamon Rolls and Sticky Buns for Christmas morning.
Apple Pie "Moonshine"
Crock Pot pulled pork Ftira (Maltese Loaf)
roasted lamb
cinnamon buns with a lemon/vanilla glaze.
Sous Vide Steak and homemade fries
sweet potato soup
Fig Challah
Bacon Mushroom and Onion Cheeseburger, with a whole brick of butter going into the Mushrooms and Onions. Had to use store bought buns, bakery was closed :/
beer battered cod and hand cut fries with truffle oil, homemade mayo turned into tartar sauce, and of course homemade citrus slaw with apple and orange juice!
Roasted red snapper
avocado and dill espuma, parma ham, goat cheese cream cheese, pretzel roll
Chicken Tikka Masala and Garlic Naan
Brie Apple Rosemary and Honey Grilled Cheese
I made dinner one night and filmed it. Behold: Herbed meatballs, roasted veggies, and couscous!
Vegetable Mix Recipe | Easy Breakfast
Torta della Nonna
Pizza. This is my second attempt and I am very proud.
Soy sauce chicken bits with mix salad
Saucy Birthday Pasta
Singapore Mei Fun
cast iron skillet chicken katsu
Eggplant Lasagna
steak nachos.
Wagyu and Ribeye spicy hot pot
campfire potato with steamed broccolini
Deepika Dalgona Coffee
Bacon wrapped chicken breast, stuffed with garlic cream cheese. scalloped potato’s and pan fried asparagus on the side.
ham, onion and mushroom pizza
Vermicelli/ noodle with fried tofu &amp; shrimp paste
Pumpkin pie cheesecake, with grapes and pomegranate whipped cream
whip cream with little pumpkin pie
dumplings filled with minced pork, bean curd, Kimchi, carrot and spring onion
Smashburger and Rosemary Garlic Fries
Polpette di Ricotta, Calabrian ricotta balls
Baked Buffalo Chicken Mac&amp;Cheese with Smoked, Bacon,, Sun Dried Tomatoes, and Crostini
I made a queso Blanco Burger
Have you ever try PAELLA
a cheeseburger
Camelized Shallot Pasta
Huge Samgyeopsal Dinner With Spicy Soybean Paste Stew Amongst Other Things
Sausage Lasagna
Neapolitan Ice Cream Cake
Five Cheese Ravioli
Burgers with bacon, sprouts and dubliner cheese and delicata with stuffing
Ciabatta Bread with Mozzarella Pinwheel, Basil, and Balsamic Reduction
Cheesy Steak!! "I have never met a problem that CHEESE could not solve." Food Photography and Food Photographer.
Quick &amp; Delicious Avocado Milkshake 😍
"" 15 minutes and 10 ingredients provide you with over 225% of your daily R...
south indian fish curry, okra masala, naan, and matta rice
Cheeseburger with fries and milkshake
giant vanilla pizelle cookies
Bacon cheeseburger and double fried French fries
libanese rose water baklava
Tamago Sando(たまごサンド) Japanese Egg Salad Sandwich - 海绵鸡蛋三明治
i am thinking to cook but I need your opinion (who try before) if will be a good idea (for kids) thanks a lot
Brisket pho
Raspberry Chocolate Bundt Cake with Chocolate Ganache
Traditional Christmas food of Cyprus
Shrimp Etoufee
Crispy Fried Prawns
chicken stir fry
Pasta E Fagioli and Caesar Salad
around 20, 2 day old nuggets. They were never put in the fridge. Am I going to get food poisoning?
Bigmac
Vanilla Cake w/ Espresso Ganache Filling and Buttercream
English roast dinner + French Canadian Tourtiere (meat pie)
Pecan Encrusted Mahi Mahi with Asperagus, Mushrooms and Sweet Potatoes
A Midnight Dinner at The One-Le Meridien, New Delhi India fun reviews on Lip smacking food, drinks &amp; restaurants
spicy pork sukiyaki / basically soup with leftovers
Birria tacos with Vietnamese beef stew!
Cozinhando ASMR - Fazendo Sanduíche assustador com caixa Misteriosa - Fu...
Duck with potato dumblings and red cabbage
French Onion Soup
Mediterranean chicken, caprese salad, roasted potatoes and onion
chocolate cake filled with chocolate mousse and covered with chocolate buttercream frosting and fresh berries!!
slow cooker chilli and biscuits
Macarons filled with salted caramel almond praline and spiced pear butter.
Bacon Alfredo
Sausage, mushroom, onion and olive on sourdough crust
Asian Wings
Apple Crumb Bread
skin-on fries
Crab, dill, mint and lemon bruchetta
On charcoal grilled Surf and Turf dinner (Ribeye streak, Herb butter, Shrimp, Corn, Rice, Spinach)
Sweet and Sour Tofu and Clam Mushroom
Fish Sticks
Can someone tell me how to make a  sonic foot long coney? What type of hot dog do they use? What brand of chili/cheese do they use? I want to replicate the flavor as close as possible. Sonic is a 2 hour drive and sometimes I just want a coney without the drive. Help please!
Anabolic Buffalo Chicken Sandwich - Only 440 calories and 7 grams of fat
A Snickers inspired cake.
Çok lezzetli 😋 “”
Mandalorian inspired macarons
rat patootie
mango sticky rice!!! im still making the sauce tho. lets go lakers!!
Cajun Shrimp Etoufee
Charcuterie board for a small gathering
a shiitake mushroom burger with brie, black pepper aioli and rosemary butter fried baked potatoes
Deboned Stuffed Chicken
baked brie in phyllo
Portuguese Egg Tarts (Pastéis de Nata) are the BEST!
Today’s dinner lol
Caprese Pizza garnished with Bay leaves.
an ass apple haha 😂😂😂
Messy pasta and meat sauce
Egg, cheese, and London Broil sandwich
Calories in 113 grams of Chicken - Baked - Thigh.
The Modern Vegan - Las Vegas. Chicken and Waffles 🧇 🍗
“ Pumpkin bar with cream cheese frosting
- Banana and Blackberry French Toast
Shoulder Steak, Hasselback Potatoes, and Green Beans.
American pancakes w/berries and syrup, butter and lemon sauce
65$ worth of sushi
Kluna Tik comiendo Gargantuar Zombie (Pvz2 gameplay) - ASMR Mukbang Foo...
strawberry pie
Broccoli and Stilton soup with Lavash Bread Crackers topped with Everything Bagel Seasoning.
potato, jalepeno, onion and cheddar cheese waffle
fried chicken with fried potatoes alongside (trust me its a dutch thing)
Fish is filled with a lot of nutrients that most people lack. It contains protein, iodine, and various vitamins and minerals. The benefit of eating fish in winter is that they fulfill our nutritional requirements and keeps us healthy and fit.
Lamb biryani - mildly spicy
We're all on quarantine right now and woke up a bit late for virtual learning. When I heard my son (2nd grade) say that I was making deviled eggs for breakfast, I decided to do so. Presented on the finest 90's McDonald's dinnerware.
Swedish "ostkaka" (curd cake)
Chicken Cacciatore
Gyudon with Nigori Sake
blueberry/vanilla ice cream made of snow
Melting moments with raspberry cream
Wagyu NY Strip with roasted broccoli, tomatoes, and peppers
hot chocolate bombs
herbs butter baguette, wieners, mozzarella, mimolette, american cheese, chili peppers, chives, fried onions, chipotle mayo
tortelli di mascarpone e noci
Turkey Legs/Thighs, Roasted Vegetables, Hasselback Potato Gratin, and Pumpkin Pie
cannelloni 🤤
Romanian traditonal cuisine!
Chicken Tagine
a delicious bowl of ramen
Garlic chipotle mojo shrimp
Hainan chicken rice
fried chicken tenders
Meatball Sandwich with a side Cesar
FOOD Recipe
Panettone Bread Pudding
this burger and fries and it is all I think about..
Chorizo and chickpea tostadas with a yoghurt, lime and coriander sauce
Donuts whith snickers and peanut butter m&amp;m's.
Green Tea Cheesecake
ravioli with spinach, broccoli, and mushrooms.
Back yard plum pizza
50 layers dough
wheat rye and wheatgerm black bread
PIZZA
Blackstone joins Baring in wait to exit profitable India IT investment - Mint
Triple decker sammich with Aged Red Leicester, Turkey, Roast Potatoes, Stuffing and Cranberry, with a gravy soaked piece of toast in the middle. Grilled in the pan the gravy was warmed in! It was Glorious, I’ll have to wait until next year for part Deux!
Skillet-Roasted Lemon Chicken
Cheesecake sampler- Raspberry, Pumpkin, Golden Oreo, and Chocolate
Chewy triple chocolate brownies (with extra chocolate chips)
Spicy Garlic Eggplant Tofu Stir Fry
panko breaded cauliflower "wings" with dry cooked fries. Vegetarian twist on a comfort food favourite!
Key lime pound cake 😋chef Sasha
Milk Skin Baklava.
Spam Musubi for Christmas!
hummus and focaccia bread :)
roast beef with all the trimmings
- New York Style Oatmeal Raisin Cookie With Cardamom Pastry Cream Filling!
Cincinnati Chili
Keeping Food Safe from Farm to Table - USDA.gov
Pancake kill in cafeteria
Beef Hot Pot from Chaoshan
breaded pan fried chicken topped with mushrooms and honey Dijon. Served with potatoes, garnished with green onion!
Thin crust Supreme drizzled with Gorgonzola cheese sauce
I hope y’all like garlic
Sweet potato and black jalapeño hash with poached egg
Pastor stuffed sopapilla
Mermaid dream vanilla buttercream cake.
slightly overcooked cloud bread ☁️
SRF gold NY Strip Steak
dinner rolls
ragout of veal (with vermouth and sage)
Simple pound cake.
Panna cotta flavoured with mastic, served with blossom honey, figs and walnut
I made pesto marinated chicken with gouda and fontina cheese over garlic and herb rice with a pesto cream sauce and balsamic roasted grape tomatoes.
Chipotle &amp; Tomato Marinated Chicken Thigh Taco's
Margherita Pizza - conventional home oven
Classic Margherita
Chinese Soda bread. Chinese sausage, spring onion shitake mushrooms with a soy garlic butter.
Beef Short Rib Chili
fruity pebbles encrusted, whole wheat cider bread French toast
Patisserie with pumpkin spiced pumpkin cake with chocolate
Grilled Spatchcocked Turkey
Ribeye sandwich on homemade ciabatta bread, shaved gruyere, arugula and homemade bacon jam
pizza: sweet Italian sausage, polish smoked pork loin, mozzarella, cheddar and provolone
Roasted Tomato Soup
ciabatta bread toasted in olive oil topped with cheese, roasted tomatoes and chestnut mushrooms.
Fried Clam Strips!
Saffron, chamomile, jasmine, and calendula butter pasta
quinoa salad with sweet potato, beans, peppers, spicy corn, pico de gallo, and avocado
Kali Mirch Chicken / Black Pepper Chicken
Went to Mexican restaurant, and it’s INSANE
Cheesecake with brownie crust, topped with dark chocolate glaze.
paneer (deep fried) tikka masala
soup dumplings with dipping sauce
Applepie
Risotto with coral
Ham sandwich with fries and a strawberry milkshake.
A half rack of ribs with French Fries and pickles.
Fridge clean out: Grilled chicken thighs, grilled veggies, some quick Chinese noodles, and some stir fry sauce.
Prime beef ribeye steak with a black garlic and herbs butter compound
Steakhouse Cheeseburger
Caramelized pear with whipped cream and crumbled graham cracker
Bacon BBQ Cheeseburger with sauteed peppers, egg, tomatoes &amp; avocado. Side of seasoned fries
Bell Pepper, Onion, and Paneer Pizza
Swiss Roll
Apparently Atlanta has a Korean style Chick and Waffles place (Seoul Food)
ham, egg, and Swiss cheese on an everything bagel w/ jalapeño cream cheese.
shrimp tacos with chipotle crema sauce
Creamy Balsamic Salmon Pappardelle
Tasty salad
Buttermilk chicken with homemade bun and caramelized red onions.
Did you guess? Origine? Name? Country? Chef?
Spicy Cucumbers Over Lemon-Herb Yogurt Topped With Pine Nuts, Cilantro, and Dill
Spicy pork muscle with onion, well-done in the pan
made some adorable halloween donuts for my shop
Every year for Christmas I make a special cheesecake, this year was Caramel Apple :)
Bulgolgi, Mandu, Jap Chae, Tak Gook, and Kimchi
Sea bass with orange, fennel, chilli and watercress
“” A take on beef meatballs&amp;egg noodles 🍝
Fried Chilli Chicken
Evil Pesto Focaccia Bread.
Pork Char Siu
Potstickers
Rhubarb tart
Creamless cream of chicken and wild rice soup
Kimchi fried chicken with diced kimchi Mayo, cabbage and homemade spicy dill pickles
: Sumac &amp; Tomato Roasted Mahi Mahi
MeatBalls
Browned butter chocolate chunk cookies
Lemon and basil parfait
How to make rainbow "" Cake easy recipe
The Perfect Kimbap w/ Wagyu Beef
dim sum from yank sing in SF
Halloween Cinnamon Bun Brains
Honey Garlic Shrimp
Grilled pizza
Open-faced smoked salmon sandwich with fried egg and smoked gouda on toasted sourdough
Crispy pork belly and reverse seared ribeyes
New York strip loin
Sweet Italian sausage &amp; kale soup
Perfect cornbread
NY strip, quinoa and lentils, broccoli
Salmon Sushi
Christmas Eve Cowboy
Snow balls/Russian tea cakes.
my SO’s cheesecake with Marionberry compote. It was amazing.
Lobster &amp; Crab Pasta
Chicken and lotus root soup
Fried Egg Avocado Toast
Pandan Cupcakes w/ Coconut Buttercream
Sriracha yogurt chicken wrap
No Bake Raspberry Tarte
An interesting title
Toasted black bean, corn, chicken, cheese and lime cilantro rice burrito. Cholula on the side.
Roasted spaghetti squash bowls
Bacon wrapped Pork Tenderloin with Pepper Jack Cheese
Chicken and Salmon Congee with inari tofu
Braised Brisket for Hanukkah
Chicken Tikka Masala Recipe | How To Make Chicken Tikka Masala
Shout out to u/marmata75 for this idea! Gnocchi alla Sorrentina! Everything  apart from the mozzarella!
Beautiful Aussie mangoes
Angel Food Cake
French Bakery Apricot Pastry
Korean Air Fried Chicken with kimchi and salad
omelette :)
Getting Some Color On The Pork For Posole
Mild Italian Sausage
prime ribeye steaks with mushrooms and asparagus
Corn chowder
Grilled Bourbon Salmon!
Sri Lankan Watalappan - A Sweet dessert
Shitty plating and angle but I made roasted potatoes with corned beef and a fried egg.
cast iron skillet pizza
creamy chicken and wild rice soup and Chipotle chicken avocado paninis. (Panera stopped carrying the soup so I just made my own.)
crescent shaped butter rolls
"Frigărui" - this is how they are called in Romania: pork, bell pepper, onion, eggplant and onion
Double dark chocolate fudge cake with chocolate buttercream and milk chocolate ganache.
Egg Benedict with bacon, ham, cheddar and black truffle hollandaise.
Venison tenderloin with onions and chicken of the woods mushrooms
Tonkatsu Ramen with Chachu Pork Belly
Jam, custard and lemon curd donuts
sousvide beef short rib
Steamed buns with salted caramel dip
Egg variety ""
Fig bourbon jam on warm soda bread
Smoked Turkey!
I made a Shepherds Pie.
Apple butter cookies
tonkotsu ramen
Cinnamon Walnut swirl Brioche with Almond crust
Spicy drumsticks with buffalo dipping sauce.
Seared scallops with passion fruit sauce and tropical salsa
Probably too much butter mushroom creamy sauce with pappardele. Creamy part is deceiving as there's no cream!
Crunchy Spicy Chicken Sandwich with Milk Bread Bun
Onions, peppers and brats
broccoli shrimp cooked with BACON FAT
scallops and clams in a fresh tomato sauce.
Chinese Sticky Ribs.
takoyaki!
Bread buns
Pepper Steak &amp; Tofu Fried Rice
Chicken Parm with pasta
Peanut Butter and Chocolate Cupcakes
biryani
pumpkin spice cake.
Baked salmon
pork belly burger
Ham &amp; Brie sandwich + strawberry banana smoothie
BA's French Onion Beef Noodle Soup
Escargot (chocolate and pistachio pastry)
beef brisket on Mash
Jumbalaya
Garlic, Lime Steak &amp; Asparagus
cheesecake and raspberry sauce
a mountain of special falooda
Sausage &amp; Red Skinned Potatoes
Cinnamon Rolls. Really proud of myself :))
Real Southern Takeout
Buddha Bowl
Bu-thee Kyaw, Burmese-style Fried Opo Squash &amp; Tamarind dipping sauce
I made this a while ago but I'm proud of it even though it's dead simple to make.  Tortellini soup with flatbread.
Turkey Avocado on Toasted Sourdough Bread With Devils Spit Pickles
Hong style cheesy rice with leftover chicken cutlet and ratatouille
Caramelised chicken with homemade noddle (udon)
Baked Cauliflower Wings on a Bed of Lettuce Topped with Pepper Sauce and Cheese Curds
Harissa chicken
Sweet Cheddar Biscuits with Buttermilk Chicken Tenders
Recipe of Naan Khatai
Tart with a coconut custard
Campfire chicken skewers!
seared lamb chops topped with schug and crispy Greek potatoes
ground beef street tacos - made it all but the cheese
Birria de res con consomé
Opera Cake
Seared lamb ribs
This grilled cheese just looked perfect in Japan, Anyone know the recipe?
Waffle cake with white chocolate chips, banana slices, whipped cream, melted chocolate and hazelnuts.
ricotta gnocchi cacio e pepe
fried rice and chicken chowmein and different type of food..amazing food
Barbecue pizza.
Margherita Pizza
Penne with basil spinach pesto, grilled asparagus and sun dried tomatoes
Self saucing St. Clements pudding with cream.
Smoked pork shoulder
Happy Valentines Day. What says love more than Texas Twinkies off the smoker?
Greek Feta Dip
Recently started cooking  tuna
Blue Chilaquiles with red sauce and chicken
sous vide marinated rib eye.
Made me some tasty steak and brown ale pies with hot water crust pastry
Spicy miso ramen
Peanut butter, honey, banana and bacon sandwich.
Koma Soba
terrible picture of an incredible ribeye
Cigarette Burek with Sour Cream Dip
My meals often aren’t normal, but eat what you love
Churro'n'nacho cheese
Cheeseburger with bacon &amp; pork.
Surf and Turf Ramen
grilled lobster fettuccine alfredo
Sautéed tomatoes with scrambled eggs 番茄炒蛋 - 松味
Ho Ho Phở Sho
egg white omelettes with cilantro, sauteed mushrooms and corn with multigrain bread. what is your favourite breakfast ?
lunch plate
animals story on Twitter
Zucchini Bread With Chocolate Chips
Orange Glazed Roast Ham
cannoli with chocolate
Tortellini Bolognese
Simple five egg omelette with colby pepper jack cheese inside
Bàn Tay KINH DỊ tự chế biến nồi XƯƠNG HẦM từ NHỆN🤢🤢 Thánh Nấu Ăn ASMR Fu...
kugel!
Finally Reveald Best Cаrrоt Cаkе Rесіреѕ Facts about carrot cake recipes. Fоr mаnу people whеn they think аbоut hаvіng a ѕlісе оf саrrоt cake they іnѕtаntlу аrе іn hеаvеn оvеr іt.
Reverse Seared Filets
Iced caramel macchiato
Everything Bagel Bread
Pork Shoulder for cubanos
stir fry before I added chicken and sauce. Zucchini squash, red onion, yellow and red pepper, asparagus, white onion, and garlic.
Dulce de Leche Cheesecake.
Italian Pumpkin Ravioli with Amaretto Cookies
chicken teriyaki
Pork Belly Stir Fry
This is food if you didn’t know
Beef and shells loaded with onions
Bacon, Eggs, and Cheese Grits. Yummy College Breakfast Made Using the Microwave, Air Fryer, and Induction Stove.
I made a tiramisu, can’t cut it and take a better photo since it’s for a family members birthday. I think it turned out alright though.
Real Carbonara
brussels, sausage and onion sheet pan pizza
White/Dark/M&amp;M Chocolate Chip Cookies
- tagliatelle al ragù
Steak sandwich. Ribeye fried in butter with onions and garlic. Sliced tomato, mayo, and dijon.
Does Anyone Know The Names of these 4 dishes? It’s from an anime
Buttery Bundt Bread
French bread pizza with mushrooms
""
Trying to get the hang of this cooking thing.  medium rare ribeye, Yukon gold mashed potatoes with roasted Brussels sprouts and balsamic vinegar mushrooms.
Korean Inspired Fried Chicken
A breakfast sandwich
Parsley And Lemon can Improve Your Blood Sugar, how to prepare drink
Grilled Char Siu and Jerk Chicken Drumsticks (3588X2289)
Tonkatsu Japanese Curry
Red velvet cake for Christmas! 🎄☃️ (This is my second successful cake!)
Sweet Potato and Black Bean tacos with Pepita Guacamole
Citrus-rum soaked chocolate sponge with ganache and drunk candied fruits! Merry Christmas!
French Toast Sandwich
Saw a someone else’s post about nachos and though that I would one-up them with thus Masterpiece that I made Yesterday
Spicy Mexican shrimp fajitas tacos
A Poor Woman’s Pasta alla Gricia
Giant Cookie (10 inches)
burger with jackfruit “bacon” and cashew “cheese” &amp; loaded fries with “cheese” and “bacon”
Thought y’all might like this flank I made a couple nights ago :)
Reverse-seared dry aged ribeye seared in butter
German apple pancakes!
Prawn Fettuccine Carbonara
Christmas trifle
buttermilk fried chicken
"" Feta Cheese
Crispy fried chicken
wings&amp;mash&amp;salad
The coziest vegetable stew - The go-to dish for the cold months
Pappardelle with zucchini and burrata.
Nutrigrain No Bake Cookie Pie
Top 10 magnesium-rich foods - Times of India
Sheet pan dinner
LA street churros
Beef Turkey Chipotle Stew
Chicken &amp; Sweet Potato Waffle with Dill Greek Yogurt and Valentina's Hot Sauce
shrimp coconut curry and sweet potato noodles with lime and basil for garnish
quinoa breakfast bowl with poached egg
Hot Niku Udon
The griddle you've all been looking for! #food #griddle #cooking #prochef
Ribeye, roasted radicchio, panzanella
Caramel pork, greens and lemon jasmine rice
Perfect for this weather  kale soup with croutons!
Roasted Broccoli Cheddar Soup
Koji fried chicken, creme fraiche, golden osetra
Roast chicken, baked sweet-potato mash, garlic roast potatoes, honey roast parsnips, pork stuffing, peas, carrots, gravy.
Grilled Pizza
scallops and scallions and shallots
Scrambled Eggs
Pork skewers with onions and green pepers.
witloof wrapped in ham with cheese sauce and a crusty gratinated top
Sushi burger (@hungermoods on Twitter)
It is a food that K-pop stars often eat.
Sunflower cake I made awhile back! Super proud of it! 🌻🌻🌻
Millionaire's shortbread
ImPEACHment pie in honor of Inauguration Day.
Instant pot pho!
Duck liver on salmon tartare with dijon, dill and red onion on a toast square
Mock pork belly
Swiss roll, filling is curd cheese with whipped cream, raspberry jam and swiss meringue on top.
Chocolate Banana Muffins
Smoked Tri Tip
Cheesesteak made with ribeye, gouda, and jalapenos
pan fried salmon, turmeric rice and coconut spinach
Coconut rice and chicken in peanut sauce
Portobello mushroom bun burgers
Spaghettis
Chilean Sea Bass
New York butter basted in cast iron.
Oven baked french fries
Thin crust vodka pizza
meat.
Crunchy Pita
Delicious beef burger.
Fluffy, biscuits
Cumberland Curl sausage!
Goose fat roast potatoes
sooooo booorrriing.. -the cat
tofu katsu curry
Chicken Wings &amp; Deep Fried, Honey-Garlic Brussel Sprouts.
Jack-o-lantern stuffed peppers
Katsudon over fried rice.
ciabatta!
Mesquite Smoked Atlantic Salmon
Oysters on the Half Shell
Iberico pork and double baked potatoes.
Chicken Jalapeno Nachos
Pasta three ways
Smoked Bologna
Minted lamb with garlic and rosemary mash.
Smoked pork, hoppin’ John, collard greens with non-traditional alligator sausage and focaccia.
made some shredded chicken wraps with lettuce, cheese, and ranch and zesty french dressings.
mango cheesecake
I made  everything bagels
Packet ramen, freezer dumplings, egg, and leftover Thanksgiving ham
Pan Integral Thermomix
Trump Names Two Members of Impeachment Defense Team - The New York Times
Tiramisu!
Cauliflower Pizza
Chicken curry with vegetables and jasmine rice
Vanilla mousse cake with pears poached in syrup, coconut sponge base.
Poor Man’s Burnt Ends
Grilled rib-eye tacos with black beans.
burgers
bruschetta
Cheese,sausage and chestnut ravioli
Meatballs and delicious Sauce
Potato chicken soap
Cake chocolate
Pork belly and smoked chicken ramen
Raspberry Mango Cheesecake
Warning!! The brown butter millionaire’s bars from the other day are not to be messed with!
Apple Pannenkoeken
Pasta with pesto and blueberries
Roast Chicken Dinner – With Mushroom Gravy
cultured raw milk butter
Bloody Mary Linguine with Prawns
Chocolate piano
Grass fed porterhouse steak w fried potatoes, cos salad and Cafe de Paris butter
Naan pizza with muhammara sauce (vegetarian)
lemon buttermilk pound cake with rose frosting.
Grilled Ham and Gruyère on homemade white bread.
Tikka Masala Frankie Roll Crepes with Savory Whipped Cream
KFC STYLE ZINGER BURGER/Perfect Homemade Chicken Zinger Burger Recipe By CHEF FAIZAN AHMED../
Bagle and lox
Prawn Mango Curry
rice and beans and pork chops with cucumber salad
Pan Fried Pork Buns (Sheng Jian Bao)
center-filled Boston cream chocolate cup cake! Yummmm.
Spicy Tofu soup with: Sausage, Fishcake, Spam &amp; Rice
New York strip, roasted potatoes, Mac and cheese, and balsamic brown sugar green beans.
Zucchini, Chili, Dill, Feta - frittata
TIÊU DIỆT Among Us để làm SÚP😱- Thánh Nấu Ăn ASMR Unusual Stop Motion Vi...
Corn chowder with grilled ham and cheese
Swedish Meatballs with gravy
Firm tofu with sesame seeds and orange sauce, stir fry veggies and white rice.
Picanha sreak cooked medium on slow cooker with sous vide function for 2h, 55°C
babka
Candy apples! Never made them before. My mates kids was well chuffed!
Uzbek shurpa in a cauldron
Thai chicken noodle soup
Yorkshire Pudding Recipe - The Best Yorkshire Puddings
fried sticky rice with chinese sausage, shiitake mushrooms, and green onions.
Food
'Nawlins-style shrimp po'boy w/ spicy remoulade
Apple-pie with blueberry center
salted maple walnut brittle
glazed apple fritters
-partially : Multiseed Sourdough toast with fresh ricotta topped with sauteed veggies (babycorn, green peppers, tomato, mint, herbs, chilli oil) + pickled gherkin (P.S - I'm in India)
Belgian beef stew with Belgian trappist beer
Seafood don
Quick banana pancakes &lt;3
Bacon &amp; eggs
nice buns!
Raspberry Lemon Mojitos
Grilled Meat on Sticks
Got a COVID vaccine? Here's how to treat the side effects, including pain, swelling and more - USA TODAY
Fazendo Bolo De Aniversário Com DINHEIRO E OURO |Cozinhando ASMR/Vídeo E...
U.S. has started to talk with Iran about detained Americans, Biden national security advisor says - CNBC
Fish BBQ with bread
Coffee and chipa
Poached Eggs, Hashbrowns and Bacon
Deviled Eggs w/ Smoked Salmon and Sundried Tomatoes
Burnt Basque Cheesecake
Kluna Tik eating Among Us in PAPER - ASMR Comiendo Mukbang Food Eating S...
breakfast burrito
Christmas Cookie with Royal Icing
hatch green chile breakfast bagel sandwich
hashbrowns, baked eggs, and bacon
Prime Rib!
Black Angus chuck roast about to go in the oven!
Liege Waffle with Strawberries
french toast with Homemade french loaf!
extra large Caramels
Smoked Pastrami beef cheek.
tamales and black bean and corn slaw, over red pepper sauce and ghost pepper purée.
Giant chocolate toffee cookies
clotted cream
BBQ chicken , red onion, and gouda pizza
Chocolate/Caramel cake topped with crushed Celebration sweets.
traditional assyrian dish with Potatos, Tomatos, Eggplant, Zuchini, Ground Beef and loads of Spice!
strawberry mousse with a light biscuit jaconde
Squid Ink Risotto, Gambas and Calamri, Parmesan Crisps, Romesco Sauce
ricotta cannoli
Parms and spaghetti squash cheesy bread sticks
Speculaas with Royal Icing
Fried Wings
Science of Sugar - Song for Kids
Rice and spicy honey-flavored chicken breast sauce
How to Make  Pizza Pockets
Gingerbread Sheet Cake with Cream Cheese Icing
My legendary Tiramisù
Sand tarts Christmas cookies
Applesauce!
Leftover Hambone Soup
St. Jude's Catholic Church to distribute free fresh food boxes through March - The Register-Guard
Mongolian Beef and Thai Skrimp tacos
Pasta sauce with Italian sausage and ground beef
Applewood &amp; hickory smoked ribs
Turkey and Extra Sharp Cheddar Grilled Cheese with Pesto on the side
Roasted Pumpkin Seeds
locally dried fruits in Greece
15 hour smoked beef brisket
Made a charcuterie board for Christmas. It was a hit with the family.
Almond cookies!
- Japanese meal based on raw fish
Blackened Ribeye Pinwheels
Torta de Milanesa
Just a normal Sunday prep day
Tuna en Escabeche, learn how to prepare canned tuna fish
"" somewhere in your title.
Chicken tinga
Working on donuts for a “pop up” and they came out pretty well
BBQ Chicken
cashew cheese burger on a portobello bun
"snowballs" (bananas, oatmeal and coconut flakes)
Carne Asada burrito
Pastel de mousse de chocolate y fresa
Just eating my pocky.
this apple that is red on the inside.
Buttermilk Fried Chicken, Slaw and Fries
Brazilian Cheesy Bread is so good!
steak Monday was a success
pulled pork nachos
Chef Davide Bazzali - Tagliatelle &amp; O Sole Mio
Roasted Spatchcock Turkey
Linguine "cacio e pepe"
Cheesy chicken &amp; rice
I’ve never made sushi before, so happy with the results!!
hot pot.
mushroom burger with Sriracha mayo
Cheddar, ham, and onion quiche
Alfredo Carbonara Florentine Mashup
India vs England, 2nd Test: Fan breaches bio-bubble at Chepauk, runs into ground to shake hands with Engl - Times of India
grilled steak.
Sourdough potato pan pizza with caramelised onions and feta
Baco, Sausage &amp; Egg Sandwich
Gaegogi Soup, Korea
Tried to do the Ratatouille recipe. How’d I do ?
Chocolate chiffon cake
Masala Potato Curry
Oatmeal, with fried dace and sour pickled cabbage. Garnished with canned roasted daggermouth, pork floss, and Lo gan ma.
Beer-Braised French Onion Soup
soybean mango mini cake
Two Are Charged With Assault on Officer Brian Sicknick, Who Died After Capitol Riot - The New York Times
Chả Giò (aka Vietnamese fried spring rolls) with Sweet Chili Sauce and Soy Sauce
Strawberry Compote &amp; Baked Brie
Simple pleasures - avocado, grape tomatoes on toasted naan
farm raised Venison Bolognese with local heavy cream and fresh Parmigiano Reggiano
Tonight’s Supper
stuffed oysters
Chicken
Teriyaki Salmon with Sriracha Mayo, Mushroom Risotto and Green Beans
Chorizo and potatoes tacos
Halloumi Gyros
Brunswick stew
“Mountain Pie” Pizza
Tacos with consume
Pierogi - stuffed with Yukon gold potatoes, Cheese and sautéed mushrooms
cocktails recipe
charcuterie and cheese board with fruits, veggies and nuts
Lamb and chicken kabobs, hummus, Tzatziki and pickled onions wrap
Deep fried wagyu beef
Thanksgiving on a Roll
Nathans hot dogs with Sabrett saurkraut, Kraft shredded sharp cheddar, diced green, red and yellow peppers, onions, mustard and ketchup... and Grillo’s hot pickles
Shrimp pasta, 2 ways
brownie thick shake
Mac and cheese w/ Cheddar &amp; Gruyere &amp; Parmesan
Jalapeño Cheddar Bagel
Veggie chips
| RAMEN CHALLENGE GONE TOO FAR | Spicy Noodles Challenge | Food Challenge | Eating Challenge |
Grilled skirt steak, potatoes &amp; grilled bell peppers
Hotdog-Shaped Cake Pop
Biscuits and Gravy
When you think you’re ordering 10 mushrooms but wind up with 10 lbs (!) =  mushroom soup.
Bruschetta on homemade bread
Even these I bought the air fryer, I have been trying to create a healthier version of some of my favorite deep-fried food. Fried banana fritters are one of them that I loved.
and EASY Shepherd's Pie Recipe
chocolate dream torte with raspberry chanti
Chicken curry very delicious
amazing egg fry...
Surf n turf with brussels and garlic mash
Crispy Chicken with Coconut Curry Pumpkin Purée
kimchi nabe
Steak and veggies for lunch
Roast chicken and mushroom pan sauce.
Krispy Kreme breakfast sandwich
Kala chana and butter bean curry, served with mixed grains and baby spinach
focaccia with the kids
ITS SOUP SEASON 🍂🍁
Pancakes for breakfast
Peach Sourdough Doughnuts
mini famous amos cookies
Chicken breast coated with Doritos 🐔
my summer salad
soft ginger cookies and apple cider
Balachao Maker is a manufacturer of premium balachao
Chicken tzaziki :)
Calories in 12 fl oz(s) of V8 Splash Berry Blend.
what do you think ?
** chilAquiles
pizza - Hawaiian
UK Covid-19 Variant Has Mutated Again, May Reduce Vaccine Efficacy: Scientists - India.com
Gruyere and Shredded Beef Omlette
Turkey and Bacon Cheddar Melt
iskender kebab turkish food :)
Ahhh  Winter...
strawberry rhubarb pie.
https://ift.tt/2LPgzke
salmon ramen.
Veggie saffron pearl couscous
Christmas Yule Log!
Tri Tip on the Grill
Squid and chorizo paella.
Cannoli
Brown Sugar Chocolate Chip Cookies. Or the cookies you make when you have no white sugar and promised your kids cookies...
Hot and fast brisket in the Yoder offset.
cacio e pepe pizza at burch steakhouse IN MN
5 layer S’mores Dip
Sensex, Nifty drop 1%
Stuffed Striped Tiger Pumpkins
Oreo Cake!
Seafood Pasta
Ghoulish cupcakes
Hướng Dẫn Cách Làm Công Thức Pha Chế Trà Sữa Than Tre Kem Trứng Nướng | Vinbar
Lamb souvlaki, Greek lemon potatoes, Greek lemon rice pilaf, Greek salad.
Sausage and chicken thighs paella!
Smoked Haddock Beignets and Homemade French Fries (French Fish and Chips!)
Bagels and Lox
Baby Squids in Olive Oil!
Caesar Dressing
Peanut Butter cookies with coconut and a generous layer of chocolate ganache. Served with a glass of ice cold milk
these Wegmans doughnuts last night! 🍩🍩🍩
dried beef with black pepper and Provence herbs
Mojarra Frita
Chicken-fried pork chops, loaded mashed potatoes, and roasted broccoli.
Peanut butter and bacon waffle with strawberries.
Miso enhanced Burgers
shrimp and grits
guess what I'm making
Fried Chicken and French Fries
Fried Chicken.
Rack of venison, hasselback potatoes, glazed carrots, pumpkin puree, basil and red port jus.
Churro blondies with cajeta
banana bread with crushed spiced biscuits and chocolate on top
my raspberry and dark chocolate layered mousse!
No Reservation inspired meal prep! Sri Lankan Chicken Kottu Roti! **SPICY** step by step instructions and recipe!
Cauliflower Crust Pizza - Keto-Friendly Pizza!
Broccoli cheddar soup &amp; grilled cheese
made some  oat flour brownies😌
Candied bacon with Linda
Pad See Ew with chicken. And it tasted just like a restaurant! Not my own recipe, but I followed it exactly and it turned out perfect!
Colmenas de Pan de Leche y Miel
a scorpion in Beijing, China 🇨🇳
Chopped Chocolate Cookies
Caramel Cake
Chocolate cake with Cookie Dough filling edged with chocolate chip crumbs
Peach and garlic glazed salmon w/ pearled couscous and roasted brussel sprouts.
BOGO Chicken Katsu
Tomato, Scrambled Eggs, Forest Ham, and Garlic Rice with Mango Shake and Iced Tea
Birria grilled cheese and consommé
Thin pancakes with chicken breasts and cheese.
Thin Crust Pizza. Took 20 minutes!
Lemon chicken picata and steakhouse style potato casserole with sour cream sauce.
Chocolate filled bricohe french toast, whipped cream &amp; raspberries. Topped with icing sugar and honey. Valentines breakfast for her.
Sweet cheese pierogi
"Chicken of the woods" mushroom curry and sliders
California Burrito with Adobada. Pen for scale
The smoked Turkey I ate for dinner last night
Pizza with olives mushrooms and pepperoni
Ratatouille confit byaldi, also my favourite Pixar movie
Pork Tantanmen without frills
6-Day Dry brined Pastrami, wood smoked to perfection
Gotcha pork roast from Food Wars
my grandmother's salmon!
Shoyu Ramen with Smoked Pork Belly
Coffee Cupcakes
Turkey,art barbecue(tooked it with my 48 pixel camera)!!
Flank Steak with Marinate, Red potatoes mashed, Corn, Asparagus
Pad Kra Pao
Lobster Mac &amp; Cheese
Tandoori Chicken Subway Sandwich homemade, with cabbage, bell pepper, white onion slaw marinated in Jalepenos pickle juice. I wish I could have a party over.
shrimp Po-Boy inspired by some other shrimp po-boy post I’d seen the other day
Pre-oven  Salami, Pep and Ham Wedge.
Paimon
Pollo Asado...this company makes the best seasonings.
Rainbowcake
vegan Wraps with vegan cheese, onions, beans, curry hummus, paprika, creme fraîche, guacamole and spinach
Glazed Salmon Bowl (with a couple shrimp!)
sous vide duck breast with blueberry thyme red wine reduction and risotto
Lasagne alla bolognese
smore tart
Garlic Butter Shrimp Pasta
food
Buttered Noodles
apple pie with caramel and blueberrie sauce
Iherb discount coupon Copy the coupon CNO2398
bullet rye banana flambé pancakes
Bat &amp; spider Halloween cupcakes with Oreo and maple syrup frosting
caprese pasta salad after being homeless!
Chocolate Almond Battenburg Cake with Raspberry Cream Cheese Frosting and Chocolate Ganache
Cheeseburger
Beef Wellington.
My buddy finishing off the sous vide steaks with a sear last night
Roast chicken and radish with garlic herb butter.
pizza made on a heated steel plate in oven
I need help! I’m competing in the Greatest Baker contest. Based on votes - #1 prize is 10k. I am a  baker in Canmore that makes wedding cakes so COVID has changed my world. It’s free to vote. Vote every 24h!
Chicago-style Hot Dogs! One of my favorite things to make so far.
lemon Parmesan crusted salmon and orzo pasta
Shrimp wrapped in bacon stuffed with cream cheese/crab/sweet and sour sauce. BBQ/Smoked glazed in a apricot and sweet/sour glaze. Delicious....
prime rib roast
Thanksgiving turkey with cornbread stuffing.
kimchi fried rice with SPAM and topped with a runny egg
pre-Thanksgiving charcuterie board
Indian Chicken Meatballs
KFC inspired Buttermilk Fried Chicken, Fries and Corn
Chocolate Mocha Godiva cake
Roast Pork, Stir Fry Vegetable, and Egg over Jasmine Rice
Shanghai Style Potstickers 上海鍋貼
At Home Date Nighe - Ramen with say &amp; sake marinated beef, shishito peppers, marinated cucumbers, veggies, herbs and local egg.
NOT so Sweet n sour pork, rice, fried fish with curry spices n leaves, salad with spicy sardine dressing on the side
Danish Aebleskivers
Hot Dogs!
Beef flavored ramen noodles
Baked mac &amp; cheese
Cheesesteak Sandwich
Dalgona Coffee 5 different ways
I read once that blood has the same coagulant properties as eggwhites. So on this most spookiest of days, I present my pigs blood macaron w/ a maple roasted butternut squash filling.
Spicy Beef Noodles from Chang’s Garden
Pork schnitzel, spätzle, red cabbage, lingonberry
sausage with spicy pepper sauté, spice sprinkled potato crisps, buttery biscuits with homemade pollinated bee syrup and grape jelly jam :)
Potato gratin with oven pumpkin
Boba Macarons! Jasmine or Classic Milk-Tea Buttercream with a hidden pocket of Tapioca Pearl Flavored Jelly
, and crispy fried lard.
Not bad as a beginner in cooking Steak
Wagyu ribeye and potatoes with parsley and garlic
followed Babish’s method to make Archer steak au poivre for my soon to be in-laws. They say they’ll keep me.
Panini
Venison steaks, Asparagus, Onion, and Couscous
Peach &amp; Raspberry Pie
charcuterie board for Thanksgiving appetizer
Roti Upma aka Fried Bread Curry
Blueberry cheesecake cookies
eggs potatoes sausage onions tomatoes bell peppers bacon casserole. Clean plate
getting it ready is home Made because I made it , I am not a pro chef I was a line cook for few years here and there , so I can cook a bit 😉so I am not only good looks 😁
Chicago Deep Dish
Pork leg Ham
Mom’s KBBQ
Basque burnt cheesecakes
Almond and Date Rugelach
6 day cure, 10 hour sous vide, 4 hour smoke for pastrami
the soul trapped in my salad
Eggs Benedict -- bacon not ham
Paneer Pizza🍕
Chicken Fried Steak
Bbq'ing a Goat Leg, IN STYLE!
Pasta idk what to call it
Arthur Ave pork sausage and potato wedges
Beef Fried Jasmine Rice Without Eggs
Hickory Smoked Kan Kan Pork Chop | Mixed Greens w/ Toasted Fennel + Tangelo Vinaigrette
ice cream with whipped cream
Chicken Ramens
French chocolate macaroons
Tamarind paste for Tamarind rice .
pizza is delicious
Gaelic Steaks with parsnip purée
Double southwest turkey burger fried in bacon grease
Roasted vegetable salad with pine nuts
Cast Iron Nachos
Japanese curry!!
Steak and Eggs on Pita
Everything Bagels
Whole wheat pancakes with chocolate sauce and honey drizzle
Chunky Clam Chowder with Crawfish
Smoked BBQ chicken thighs, veggies and cauliflower "rice"
Almond sponge cake with lemon curd filling, topped with apricot jam and whipped cream
Puto bumbong is a Filipino purple rice cake steamed in bamboo tubes. It is traditionally sold during the Christmas season. It is a type of puto (steamed rice cake).
Chicken breast Salad
Mumbai biriyani
Dill Pickle Deviled Eggs with Crumbled Bacon
SLOW SLOW SLOW Cooked Pork.
I made pizza for breakfast
i made babka🤎
Monster School: Kluna Tik eating Minecraft for Dinner - ASMR Mukbang foo...
eggnog coffee cake muffins with walnut crumble and nutmeg glaze drizzle
Grilled lamb chops with raita and lemon thyme potatoes
Chocolate chip banana pudding cupcakes
Crock Pot-Pot Roast
USDA Prime Ribeye, Served with a Red Wine &amp; Viel Demiglace Reduction, Tepanyaki Style Shrimp w/ Ginger Dipping Sauce, and Grilled Asparagus.
How to make Gulab Jamun at home
a stress meal of tofu pad kee mao and cream cheese wontons while I watch the Ravens game tonight
This Chocolate orange birthday cake
Pork roll, egg, and cheese on an everything bagel
Vanilla Bean Cake
Newholland Agriculture
Half n half Pizza
cranberry and lemon heart tart
Japan Staple
cauliflower/buckwheat pizza
Porterhouse and BlueCheese sauce
Shitake Mushroom Pasta
Grilled Pork Skewers
Indian Butterchicken, Murgh makhani
Pepperoni pizza with garlic butter covered crust
chocolate drip cake
chicken cordon bleu frittata
Beetle bean praline
Korean bbq and pickles
Just a Grilled Cheese
salmon and shrimp with garlic and basil butter grilled over an applewood campfire
Shrimp Tacos :)
Lemon Butter Chicken
Chicken Scaloppini a la Mealkit w/ Potatoes/Zucchini
youtube channel mobile verification 2020
Hamburger ala Attempt Number Two
My favorite mac and cheese
PHÁ HỦY Toàn Bộ Đồ Chơi Để Làm Bánh PIZZA CỰC ĐỘC | Thánh Nấu Ăn Stop Mo...
Pumpkin spice macarons. I think I finally mastered the macaron shell.
Breakfast Burritos.
Chirashi From New Place in Toronto
Why Is There a Bucatini Shortage in America?
Cocoa and Beetroot Bundt Cake
Sausage Jalapeño Pizza
Blueberry cobbler
"" sweet melon dates shake
Sushi/nigiri platter.
Christmas tree macarons
Sweet Pear Pie
Curd Rice Temple Style in Telugu ఈ దద్దోజనం ని అమ్మవారికి 7వ రోజు ప్రసాదంగా సమర్పిస్తారు
Focaccia Bread.
Pork belly ramen
Sweet Potato, chilli and scallion dumplings
Mac n cheese with serranos
Triple Cheeseburger
Jalapeño patty melt
Triple chocolate dessert with poached figs.
Honey Crullers
chicken with olives and preserved lemons, topped with baked fries
Strawberry shortcake. It was really yummy.
Food Court Style Bourbon Chicken
"" Chicken Sukka! This is a Mangalorean delicacy. Chicken and the grated coconut are the main ingredients with some masala powders.
What is still one of the best burgers I’ve ever had in Tokyo, Japan.
avocado with peppers and radish on rye bread, with rocket, topped with poached eggs and coriander. Veggie February going good so far - 4 days in
Chocolate Lava Cake
Filet and Lobster surf &amp; turf
Chocolate Candy Cane Cake with Peppermint Cream Cheese Icing
Shrimp and Greens
Saltimbocca with Asparagus and Roasted Garlic Spaghetti
I made a spooky chicken potpie
Taco seasoned double smash burger with pickled jalapeños, pico, lettuce, and queso.
crispy roasted chickpeas. healthy, tasty and so easy to make!!
GF French Toast with Chantilly Cream and Pineapple Compote
Cranberry Chocolate Chip Cookies
Poke bowl
Braised duck .
Korean Chicken Dish Dakgangjung with Gochujang Sauce
Musabi, Kalbi, spicy chicken and macaroni salad.
Chocolate Chip Skillet Cookie with Peanut Butter Sauce
Proper British Sausage Roll
Steelcut oats

The perfect Big Mac! Just like the commercials!
Sicilian Whole Orange Cake
Turkey grinder
8-strand challah bread
bi-bean-guk-su
cheese pizza
Ribeye with compound butter and brussel sprouts
meatballs with my ziti.
Brought some Texas flair to our Virginia ham!!!
salmon tacos
Apple pie!
Strawberry Box Cake Cookies
mushroom and garlic pizza
Cheesy chicken meatball pasta
lunch
Lentil Dal with Aloo Paratha
a Bauernplatte: locally produced mountain meat and cheese
Spinach, chicken, feta, sun dried tomatoes and cream cheese in puff pastry
Red Snapper Ceviche in a Yuzu Beetroot Purée with Pickled Mini Jalapeños and Curled Celery
I’m not a baker but I do enjoy baking. This is my daughters birthday cake. I’m truly proud of myself. It’s the only occasion I’ve ever done it.
German Cheesecake Muffins
Bacon, miso and kale pasta with pecorino and browned butter
Check out this tiny ass  sope ft. Dottie
Moroccan chicken tagine with olives
Porterhouse Pizza and Ham and Mango Habanero Pizza
What do you guys think about my thanksgiving meal
Brunch Sandwich
Malfadine pasta
Individual beef Wellingtons
whipped up some beef noodles before I go to court tomorrow
Dishes for Chinese New Year
my regular Jambalaya
eggs, hamburger, bagel, tomato, avocado and cheese
Chocolate sponge/crema Vella buttercream/ chocolate and hazelnut
Who knows the name of this fruit “”?
Sweet and Sour Chicken
Singular Mini Castella Cake
Chicken Shawarma Poutine
https://www.quikly.com/sonic/s/YGbakRmb
Italian sausage with penne pasta in a sauce of tomatoes, garlic, Italian seasoning and mozzarella cheese
Brunch
Vanilla Cake with Chocolate Ganache!
Turkey and baby swiss on half toast with a precision dropper of pickle juice because I ran out of actual pickles.
Buffalo Soldier( Tater Tots, Buffalo Cheese Sauce, Buffalo Chicken Tenders, Ranch, Scallions) Follow me @Trap_Plan
Blueberry &amp; Ice Cream
Pistachio cinnamon rolls with a salted caramel cream cheese icing
Sushi Combo Tray
NYE Dinner
Steak with a garlic compound butter, red skin mashed potatoes and lemon asparagus
Japanese curry rice
Keto-friendly beef shawarma, wrapped in bean curd sheet.
I Made My First Cinnamon Rolls
Vietnamese Combination Pho.
Japanese Bento Box
Pulled Pork Nachos
Carne Asada mixed with spiced curry
Fruit tarts 🍓🥝🧁
crispy tofu and teriyaki beef salad
Garlic, fresh cracked pepper and oregano seasoned crust topped with sliced tomatoes and olive oil, habanero Monterey jack, spicy italian sausage, fresh onions and green pepper pizza
Yangnyeom Korean Fried Chicken w/ shoyu pickled daikon
munchies from last night. Grilled beef and bean burrito with queso.
peach burrata salad
Food Art
chocolate buns
Brioche Feuilletée
Chipotle bowl
Honey garlic sausage, yam, kale and avocado
Chicken Bacon Ranch Sandwich with Garlic Rosemary Fries
Shin Black Ramen with Chili Garlic sauteéd shrimp
1 whole kilogram of mussels in a Belgian style broth.
20 day dry age garlic butter basted T-bone steak.
I made cast iron deep dish
https://cutt.ly/MjHxrW5
bone in ribeye. Breaking in the new carbon steel pan
Sausage and Pepper Quesadilla
frog legs
Marzipan Fruits
Yorkshire pudding
cheese and charcuterie board
Rosemary Roasted Rainbow Carrots w/ Maple Dijon Yogurt + Granola Crunch
Warm, soft and moist blueberry buttermilk pancakes
Falafel &amp; beetroot kofte platter
Vietnamese Noodle Sheets (Banh Hoi)
stuffed yellow bell peppers
Birthday cake.
Microwavable veggie omelet with oats
lemon chicken and Brussels sprouts with bacon keto friendly !
Soft Oatmeal Raisin Cookies
Upside down citrus cake 🍊
Cinnamon Toast Crunch in Oatmeal is sooo good!
Roasted cauliflower, pickled shallot rings, burnt spring onion, mayo, radishes
Orange Chicken (Binging with Babish Style)
The Double Decker Chicken Burger
Rigatoni with Smoked Salmon &amp; Salmon roe
Fesenjan (Persian Pomegranate Chicken)
Japanese Century Egg Tofu
Sourdough boule
Breakfast Charcuterie Board
Grilled Limpets👌🏼
Grilled Jalapeño Poppers.
matcha milk tea with condensed milk
Portobello and Brie grilled cheese with balsamic reduction
cheesy asparagus stuffed chicken
King Crab Legs, Calamari, Broccoli Cheese Potatoes and Filet Mignon
Carrot cake for Xmas 😊
BBQ Chicken
In The Kitchen With ST
smothered fries with chichirones from Chubby's
Al Pastor Pizza
Ramen w/ veg
Pan seared Ribeye basted in butter. (not the greatest pic, I ate it before I even looked at what I took)
Bacon, egg and cheese sandwich from the other day
Belgian Waffles with Whipped Cream, Sliced Strawberries and Bananas
Peach Galette
Beef stew!
whole honey garlic sesame crusted chicken
Caprese sandwich variation: sundried tomato spread, basil pesto, fresh mozzarella, baby spinach, all on toasted ciabatta.
Apple cinnamon cakes with streusel
Eggplant with tahini sauce, sautéed Brussels and roasted spaghetti squash. Topped with fresh basil and toasted sunflower seeds.
chocolate mousse, raspberry sorbet, raspberry gel, pistachio caramel.
Thanksgiving dinner this year.
Lamb Hash with sautéed veg, poached egg, and Spicy Moroccan sauce
Chicken Curry Pizza with pineapple &amp; red onion
Sourdough Bread
Sourdough pizza with homemade pesto and homemade mozzarella. Half canned black olives.
Carrot cake filled with cream cheese frosting. Decorated with American buttercream. Inspired by my AZ landscape. Self taught and new to cakes so it’s not perfect. But I’m still proud.
Steamed broccoli, Cashew, squeezed tomato, Jalapeño, Tahini and a gorgeous view.
Chicken and Sausage Gumbo
garlic fingers
Cinnamon bun loaf
Triple decker sammich with Aged Red Leicester, Turkey, Roast Potatoes, Stuffing and Cranberry, with a gravy soaked piece of toast in the middle. Grilled in the pan the gravy was warmed in! It was Glorious, I’ll have to wait until next Christmas for part Deux!
Thin &amp; crispy chocolate chip cookies
Cornish hen, mashed potatoes and roasted carrots. (Plus a store bought GF roll)
Chicken Avocado salad
Swedish meatballs with bucatini
Black velvet Halloween cake!
Jalapeno Fried Chicken
Massive sushi platter
North Louisiana Gumbo with Chicken and Andouille Sausage
Crispy Duck, (Infused Butter/Evoo Super Silver) Butternut Squash &amp; Puy Lentils, Arugula, (Infused Super Silver Evoo) Sweet &amp; Tart Dressing
Butterscotch Pie
Chicken Tex-Mex Salad with fresh corn &amp; bells (not pictured: avocado ranch dressing)
A Baked Alaska for my birthday
The Rock's inspired French Toast
DIY Anniversary. Pandemic-life.
Surf and Turf Pad Thai
A doughnut with raspberry icing and sprinkles
Hot cocoa bombs!
Shephard's Pie
Cheese board with rose salami
Pb &amp; J Waffle Sandwich
Moose pot roast
Roasted cornish hens with onions, shallots, and carrots
Burger, fries, french onion soup, side salad
First time making mapo tofu!
Ana Chingri
Vanilla cupcakes with buttercream frosting
Stroganoff Meatloaf
Sriracha Ginger Garlic Wings w/ Sides
About to be Smokin hot Pepperoni, Ham, Hamburger, Bacon, Garlic, Onion, Bell Pepper, Queso Cheese, and Mushroom Pizza
Simple steak tacos
I made brownies :)
Baked Rigatoni with Ricotta
Rainbow Cake 🌈
Garlic butter salmon and garlicky asparagus with red potato
Seafood chowder
Beef Curry Brisket Stuffed With Giant Bread
Fermented hot sauce. Scotch bonnet, habanero, garlic, fresno, pineapple, mango, tangerine and New England IPA reduction
Kimchi Boiled Moksal (Pork)
Half Pepperoni Half Sausage Mushroom Pizza
White Bean Chicken Chili
Hotpot!
Fried Oreos with Mint Chocolate Chip Ice Cream
Swedish Cardamom Buns!
Bulgogi and Banchan
macaron caterpillar 🐛
Extra Crispy naked and Nashville hot wings
chocolate chip pancakes
"" My quick and easy apple pie recipe
pizza on ciabatta. Store bought bread as base
Bread with egg, ham and tomatos
Matcha vanilla cheesecake, chocolate biscuit base and cubed mango
Mexican Pizza
Belgian Waffles with homemade maple syrup, raspberry dressing, and mascarpone cream
Scalloped potatoes for Thanksgiving.
Shrimp &amp; Chorizo Tacos
An early Saint Patty’s day treat
Animal Style Burger
Thanksgiving leftover dumplings
Sign up on "audible" and get 1 month free trial and listen to your favorite books for free for a month
Texas toast with guajillo pepper spaghetti squash Bolognese and garlic sautéed broccoli
Gingerbread Loaf with Maple Flavored Glaze
macaroni, steak and boiled egg
a lobster roll on my birthday.
breakfast cheesy toast
poached egg, toasted sour dough bread and hash brown with assorted vegetables
Chilé Colorado Taco
Egg Drop Soup
sammich. Texas fresh ya’ll. Thank me later.
Salmon en croute
Grilled Pork chops with Mango-Pomegranate Salsa and Purple Cauliflower Purée
roasted turkey and stuffing
a California Burrito from Sarita’s Taco Shop
Yellowtail Sashimi
recreation of the levain New York bakery chocolate chip cookies
White rice, Korean Ssamjjang Sauce, Grilled Pork, and Rare Skirt Steak
boeuf bourguignon
Kafta... Each one is weighs in at about 1/3 lb.
Pizza with extra topping  the cheese was thrilled
Pasta Puttanesca
Garithes Me Feta (shrimp baked in Greek tomato sauce and feta)
toasted walnut toffee
It's a shame, one of my greatest pet hates: Justin Langer after India players racially abused - Times of India
Chinese Cornbread with Dates
Chicken platter
Heteropneustes fossilis Fish Fry
Almond Kürtősh Donut and Tiramisu
Omelette mushroom &amp; Tocino (Philippines) ""
Eggs bacon
Fig and walnut sourdough just out from the oven
making jambalaya. Serrano peppers, jalapeños, garlic, chicken jalapeño sausage, pork belly, corn, shrimp, diced tomatoes, seafood seasoning, oregano, basil, parsley, paprika and chicken stock. Before I added the long grain rice.  🤪
bacon cheeseburgers
I make some weird stuff. Here is my pita pizza
Chicken Satay Indian Style, Noodles and Naan Bread, tastes better than it looks honest
Chirashi Don
Asian food
French Onion Mac &amp; Cheese. Threw in some peas this go around (recipe in comments)
Fried Breakfast.
vegetarian nachos with faux sautéed beef
Bolognese - check that browning
Ribeye and Rack of Lamb
Sweet Potato and Butternut Squash tart
8 month old Basturma
delicious Cauliflower crust pizza, homemade toppings...yummm
Butter Garlic Shrimp Noodles!
Roast Beef with Roast Potatoes and Spinach/Mint Pea Puree
New York strip, creamy parsnip puree, and roasted rainbow carrots with toasted almonds
Thai basil beef and chicken stir fry
Čevapi
Crostini encrusted tilapia, krab stuffed mushrooms, coleslaw with black sesame seed and mustard seed, chipotle aioli
Pan de muerto (mexican bread for day of the dead)
Lobster Roll and Clam Strips
Eggs Benedict over Thanksgiving Stuffing
( ͡ಠ ͜ʖ ͡ಠ)
Sufganiyot (Sweet Cream and Mascarpone Nutella)
a mountain cheese and meat platter
trout fish Pakistan
Brahmin (beef) wellington
Eggplant and Butternut Squash Soup with Cheesy Garlic Bread
Tarte tatin, drunk with Wild Apples
Breakfast Burger
sausage links and bacon
Poke Bowl
fried soft egg tofu and shiitake mushrooms
smoked pork shoulder
Butternut squash, kale and gruyere galette with caramelized onions and walnuts
French style cod with mozzarella and black olives
Saucy Soy Curls - A perfectly satisfying recipe for those easy weeknight meals!
Multi Trillionaire Ganache.
Simit
Garlic Butter Braised Tomahawk Steak
Pizza Skulls
Buttery Scrambled Eggs
Oven "fried" chicken
Terong (eggplant) Sambal Balado
Pudding stuffed with Rasgulla
Spaghettini con sardine.
Classic Spanish omelette with a Kale twist.
Peanut Butter Waffle 😋 Christmas Crinkle cookies
Pizza with Bacon, Ricotta, Pepperoni, and Mozzarella
Anyone know what the beef thing is called?
Choco Popcorn Pie
. Swedish renskav. Sautéed reindeer with onion, potato, peas, carrots and lingonberry jam.
క్యారట్ హల్వా తక్కువ టైం లో ఈజీ గా చేయాలంటే..#newyear 2021#carrot Halwa#
white strawberries
fluffy creme brulee pancakes
Buffalo Chicken Wrap
Halal Chicken and lamb over basmati rice
sou vide NY Strip
Khandavi
Jackfruit bao buns with fresh slaw
Avocado Milkshake 😍
Christmas leftovers never looked so German.
Mapo Tofu over White Rice
Tenderloin with Bernaise, Corn on the Cob, and Green Beans
bacon, egg and cheese on homemade bread
Old Bay Parmesan Fancy Crackers!
Tuna Melt
Vegetable fried rice
PAELLAS GIGANTES LA BAMBINA
Big 'ol pie.
Pork Ramen with Chilli Oil
Challah bread
Lemon Cake filled with Lemon Curd swirled cheesecake
Mostly  I know it ain’t a true on thing but I made Beignets using the Cafe Du Monde mix and then topped some with chocolate drizzle and a homemade strawberry jam.
Chocolate Popcorn
chocolate chip cookies dusted with sea salt
Korean feast.
Do 'ya like my buns?
Mediterranean White Fish &amp; Quinoa Salad
Beef Bulgogi, Kalbi Shortrib with a Dippy Egg and Rice
Pecan Pie! The reason I love this season!
jam roly poly
vegan whole wheat pancakes
cacio e pepe with za’atar and pancetta
White chocolate cheesecake with fresh fruit and raspberry sauce
Eggs Benny, fresh fruit, ham, cheese baked hashbrowns, Ceasars
My  pasta salad
Leftover BBQ Smoked Turkey Ramen
Fried chicken + waffles
Flan and Pineapple Upside Down Cake
Oat Flour Crepes l Pinto Beans l Scrambled Egg l Turkey Chorizo l Cheddar l Cilantro l Salsa 💃🏻
pho, made it with beef bones simmered twice, did turn out pretty good.
"Late-Nite" Grilled Cheese
Thakali Set
Chicken and Leek Pie
Beef Jerky South African style. YouTube: The Saffa
Spam bibimbap
Let's heal how we talk about food - The Rice Thresher
Beef stew
Hunters Krazy Kebabs from FFXV
This slab bacon I got from my butcher
Tilapia with rice and side salad
Pizza Margherita 2.0
Mother's day cake and tea
Sous vide stirloin with bbq veggies
Chicken noodle soup for the soul
200 Abandoned houses ideas in 2021 | abandoned places, urban exploration, abandoned via @pinterest
Gingerbread house
Brown butter chocolate chip cookies.
Fish soup
Beef Pierogies with Bacon
obsessed with this tik tok dish 🤤
buttermilk pancake with butter and maple syrup
Smoked Chicken Thighs
Korean fried and seasoned chicken
Riviera Caviar Sauce on Gigli
10 Minute Salmon Recipe
Kimchi.
Bacon Sunrise Patty Melt
ube pie with coconut whipped cream and toasted coconut.
Beef shortrib, Potatoe Pave, Celaric puree, Chestnut mushrooms, Cavolo nero, pickled shallots with beef and red wine jus
Japanese potato salad
Salmon Cakes, Air-fried.
,
Flatbread pizza
lemon ricotta pancakes 🥞
Tamale with Steak and Guacamole
Pulled Pork on a toasted garlic roll
Sunday Rib roast
Jaffa Biscuits
New Orleans Barbecue Shrimp
Fluffy yeast donuts :) Can we appreciate this perfect browning!
my daughter's US 10 BLT. I've never seen so much bacon in my life, there is no way this is a money maker for the restaurant.
Hand chopped brisket sandwich
Seared duck breast with ramen, soy egg, carrots, enoki mushrooms, scallions, and chili oil.
I Made Vegan Salad
Chicken and Taiwanese sausage fried rice
Sour cream and chive rolls
Almond Crusted Pomegranate/Dijon Salmon. Fried Brussels Sprouts tossed in the same reduction.
Hong Shao Rou, aka Red Braised Pork
Eggnog
Yule Log /Buche de Noel
steak, veggies and salad, cooked on a griddle.
Beef Curry! Bye-bye blocked sinuses!
Don’t You Four Cheddar ‘Bout Me Burger
vegetarian chili
Cheesy potato skins
Baked Char Siu Bao
Pork and Chive Dumplings
Poached eggs on smashed avocado with sweet drop peppers on sourdough toast. GIF of the poachie cut included!
Peanut Butter Cup Cake
Tried my hand at presentation. Spaghetti and meat sauce.
I’m high and I just made a Crunchwrap supreme
lamb.
Chocolate chip, toffee, walnut pie.
Homemade Giant Yorkshire Pudding.
cheeseboard
Pesto Zucchini Noodles
Meat free carbonara with broccoli and halloumi
Fluffy Pancakes!
Beef and noodle stir-fry with homemade teriyaki sauce, broccoli, onion, bok choi, scallion, sesame seeds and sriracha.
Strawberry cheesecake bites
improv sweet potato and spinach curry
potato latkes with sour cream, lox, salmon roe, caviar chives, and dill. Latke recipe in comments!
Burger &amp; Beyond's burger, chicken strips, mac &amp; cheese, dirty tots, and salted caramel brownies
Pepperoni pizza and hot wings
A  vat of beef stew in the works. House smells amazing.
make your cake Like a fish
Cheeseburgers
Pho with fresh herbs and marinated beef
Chili with Crushed Tortilla Chips, Shredded Old Cheddar and Sour Cream
Spicy Instant Ramen Pro Max
Potato and Leek Soup
"lion king" dessert from Disney world
egg taco-like with cheese, ham and vegetables
sauteed chicken with lemon butter sauce
Veal/Pork/Bison pies for the holidays.
Pan Pizza
Almond Star Bread
Cheesy potato boat. It’s safe to say I’m never eating baked potatoes the same way again.
Meatball hoagie.
Mrs. Beans famous nutmeg ginger apple snaps
marinated ribeye steak bowl with addicting sweet potato fries
All Beef Hot Dog with Ketchup and Mustard in a Toasted Brioche Bun
Sfeeha - Lebanese Meat Pies
Part of the breakfast platter at a retreat in catering...
Mexican chicken
Black Angus Burger on pretzel bun with hot pickle slices and a baby dill. All homemade.
A5 Wagyu Carpaccio
Pancetta and mushroom risotto with broccoli, a balsamic reduction, and a white wine and honey reduction
Pork Burger

Large Pizza with Salami, Mushroom, Bell Pepper
Japanese Curry by a 19 yo beginner!
Turkey for Christmas
Butter chicken with garlic rice, recipes in comments
Roll Salt Bar Kaiser Roll Sesame Seed Bun
Falafel Shawarma
Spicy Beef Dumplings.
Ham &amp; Cheese Waffles
A5 Hokkaido Wagyu (snow beef)
Reverse Seared Bone-In Ribeye
Mushroom and courgette carbonara
Pindi chhole served with pickled onions, toasts and green chilies
. Rice with pork, mushrooms, shallots and garlic.
Butter Cake With A Cheesecake Layer
Microwave cooking and nutrition
DiNic’s roast pork copycat
decided to try my hand at Challah bread.
Tuna tartare with siracha and avocado, with a homemade wasabi mayo and chilli vinaigrette.
Pacific Rim Steak w/ Mandarin and Teriyaki Butter.
Holographic Chocolate CD
Lofthouse cookies with raspberry frosting
Beyond sausage hot pot with mushrooms and onions cooked in red wine
Cheesy Chicken Poblano Soup
- Garlic butter lobster tails
Smoked Prime Rib
Citrus Marinated steak with coconut Rice and Lentils, avocado, coconut lime red cabbage, broccoli, and radish, dressed with Sesame Ponzu sauce.
chocolate cake with no flour.
Paneer Makhani with Subz Dum Biriyani
The frustration of 2020
bacon wrapped, stuffed, pork tenderloin with a side of rice and stuffed peppers.
Bakewell tart
NY Strip.
Chicken BLT Club
Cheeses Burger Love it
Rice, Pigeon Peas and Veges
Boneless pork loin
creamy cherry tomato &amp; basil pasta
Halibut, cauliflower variation, leek and curry sauce.
chicken and steak teriyaki
Tofu tacos
Pumpkin Spice Smoothie
Smoked meatloaf wrapped with sweet &amp; spicy candied bacon
Chicken patty parm with seasoned ground beef
primavera pasta with chicken and broccoli
Korean Assorted Mushroom Stew
kurt.
Shabu-Shabu (Organized a Shabu-Shabu Hotpot amongst friends for Halloween)
Potato cauliflower velouté and tiropites (Greek cheese pies)
Braised duck, roasted veggies, and an egg - all over cheddar grits
Kraken Pie
Tandoori Salmon with Mixed Vegetables
Gooey Butter Cake Cookies
Philadelphia Cheesesteak And Cheesecake. Call it the Philly special.
Cream Cheese Swirl Banana Bread.
Hobbit Day Feast Part 6: Dinner - chicken/vegetable soup, ham, dinner rolls, chilled spiced cider with ginger ale
Swedish classic wrap Tunnbrödsrulle
Cheese Crisps Nacho Chips
Ghost Pepper Avocado
Chocolate Pecan Pie (adapted from recipe by Maida Heatter)
braised oxtail stew and oxtail soup for dinner
Cauliflower alfredo with pesto pasta
Confit chick peas, yoghurt dip, crunchy pita bread
Breakfast Muffin With Egg, Chorizo, Queso, and Onion
chicken, bacon and mayo jacket potato
pasta shells filled with marinated minced pork, pork ragout and mozzarella
- Flatbread Board
Bee hive decorated white chocolate cake.
Last minute quick and easy maida sweet for Diwali ""
Sesame ginger salmon with sriracha shrimp, honey glazed carrots and spiced potatoes.
Red Peach Cake
Chocolate Marshmallows
Herb butter for the turkey on Thursday
shrimp and scallops with some veggies
Strawberry Lemon Merengue Tart
french fries in Black friday activity
Orange and chocolate mousse
Chicken Quesadilla with Frank's Hot and Ranch
Pistachio cream and rose water &amp; chocolate sponge in chocolate mousse, covered in a pistachio and chocolate shell on pistachio praline and pistachio cream
check this healthy breakfast
GF Pan Seared Salmon with Sun-dried Tomato Cream Sauce
First ever Charcuterie board, made for Thanksgiving
Bulgogi Tteok Bokki
Dulce de leche cortada Sweetened curdled milk. 2 cups milk, 1/2 cup sugar, 2 cinnamon sticks, 1/2 lime, 2 lime peels, 1 tsp vanilla
beef katsu with curry over rice
Quince Pie with some freshly whipped cream
almond cookies
Chilli tofu
I prepped Thai Peanut Chicken for the week.
Beef and Broccoli w/ black bean sauce
delicious sausages
Chocolate Chip Banana Bundt
Dog Chili
Brioche grilled cheese with extra sharp cheddar and American
Spicy Miso RamenTraditional Inupiaq food. Caribou soup, salmon, boiled muktuk, seal oil with black meat and sides.
Italian beef sandwiches.
Scientists investigate planetary nebulae using Hubble Space Telescope - Open Access Government
Pozole!
| chettinad baby potato dum biryani in tamil |
best vegan stew recipe!!
Blackberry Macarons.
Gooey Lemon Bars
Four Cheese White Lasagna (Homemade Pasta) with Wild Mushrooms, Spinach &amp; Nettles
Dessert selection
Steak covered in mushrooms and onions, with a side fries
Apple pie with meringue and crumble
Leftover Turkey Ramen
Baby back ribs, potato salad, broccoli salad.
Apple frangipane galette
Bacon Lettuce and Tomato Sandwich
Tacos! Tacos! Tacos!
Some Baby Food May Contain Toxic Metals, U.S. Reports - The New York Times
Freshly grilled sea beam on tomato salad
Takoyaki pancakes
Smoked Pulled Pork with arbol chile sauce on a waffle.
Apple Juice
African Meat Pie with Beef, Potatoes, peas, carrots and spices
Steak with Garlic Mashed Potatoes and Sweet Peas
Chorizo and Chicken Poutine
Filets, shrimp and potatoes
Egg and cress toasts
House Special Bahn Mi (Viet Sammich)
Basic pizza turned out well
meat + cheese board
Its so Delicious...
personal cheese soufflé
Deviled eggs with salt-cured egg yolk topping
spam musubi
Stuffed bell peppers
All American BBQ Sauce Wings.
Cheddar and sweet hot pepper sourdough topped with truffled goat cheese
Drunken Noodles
Mini Beef Wellington with green beans neatly rolled in bacon
Canelé w/ cherry whipped cream &amp; chocolate mousse.
Connecticut Lobster Roll (with caviar!)
Taco Chili Egg Rolls
salt grilled hamachi kama, braised eggplants n mushrooms, bamboo rice, fruits (red kiwifruit, white seedless grapes, n Australian naval orange segments)
24 hour smoked Saba glazed brisket with buckwheat polenta and charred green onion
Chicken cordon blue
Muffins with sugar glaze
Hot Dog Rolls
Battered Haddock. Goose Fat Oven Fries, Garlic/Lemon Mayo
Filet Wellington à la Gordon Ramsey
Chicken lettuce wraps
Popeye’s Spicy Chicken Sandwich
chicken piccata, farro lentils with jammy onions
Double Cheeseburgers on deck!
Green Tea Soba
Sourdough Mini-panettone
Serum Institute's partner Novavax says Covid-19 vaccine 89% effective: 10 points - Mint
Smoked spatchcock chicken
Reese’s Peanut butter cheesecake
pumpkin jam Bakewell tarts with pralined pumpkin seeds.
tempura
Sausage and Pepper sliders
Szechuan Chicken and Noodles
My 2 year olds preferred breakfast
Crawfish boil
Sushi Practice.
spicy rib eye cubes with rice&amp;beans and quick salsa
Poutine with queso panela (because cheese curds aren’t easy to find here in Texas)
Grilled Pierogi Ruskie
48oz Tomahawk, Bone Marrow Butter Shrimp, Potatoes, &amp; Ajit Verde Style Sauce
Tom yam goong with pork dumplings.
boiled and fried lamp dumplings
Cheese Corn Maggie Recipe|Street Style Cheesy Italian Noodle| 2mints Recipe
P. I. Z. Z. A.
" "Tacos delicious
Brisket Smoked for 12+ hours. Used Applewood &amp; seasoned with Cow Cover
Beef Stew in Bread Bowl
Greek Gyros, easier to make than I thought.
Korean Barbecue Ribs
Bacon cheese burger
Brigadeiros from last weekend.
Rice with mushrooms and red sauce with arabic herbs
dosai
Air fried Roasted Potatoes
cookie square

French Fruit Tart
My  biscoffy biscoff cake
Pork back ribs
Closeup of my  pizza. Topped with mozzarella, pepper jack, shredded cheddar, crumbled spicy sausage, green bell pepper, jalapeño, red onion, and sautéed baby portobello mushrooms
beef rice noodles;itatagimasu
Cast iron cooked strip steak with rocket salad and asparagus
Pineapple curry fried rice
Flank steak with Chimichurri over a bed of brown rice.
Crispy Korean chicken
Pan Fried Venison Steak, Blanched Buttery Greens and a Chilli Chocolate Sauce
Coconut Macaroon Nests Recipe - Easter Dessert Idea!
White pizza.
Brisket melts on the flat top
Hamachi Kama
Peaches and Cream Sponge Cake
Beef Stew
Hand Laminated Croissant Dough
A dutch baby
beef birria tacos
Hello dear I was looking for quick things to do and eat, that's when I found this video and found it awesome
air fryer chicken parm and garlic broccoli
Rosemary Lamb Chops
Lemon Parsley Chicken w/ Acorn Squash
Peach tart
cinnamon buns w/cream cheese icing
General Tso's chicken
Cheez-it cupcake with cheddar caramel, strawberry nesquik buttercream, cheddar caramel buttercream, and peanut butter cheez-it crunch
Mini Chocolate Mixed Fruit Tarts
Chocolate brownies
cotton candy pork belly
Skirt Steak with Sauteed Swiss Chard and Enoki Mushrooms
Beer battered onion rings with buffalo hot sauce
Karaage chicken and kimchi ramen
Italian rainbow cake
Oysters in rainy Seattle
Honey Garlic Braised Pork Belly
ciabatta bread - never made before
bacon wrapped asparagus
potato pave
tacos chapulines
Okonomiyaki w/ika, ebi, &amp; pork
cougar gold Mac n cheese
Bologna Bowl
Apple pie with love.
Radish Greens Salad with Ribeye, Pickled Green Beans, and Raspberry Vinaigrette
Roast with au jus gravy
Roasted Grape &amp; Pancetta Pizza w/ Goat Cheese
Nashville hot chicken sandwich, balsamic glazed Brussels sprouts, garlic mashed potatoes and a corn muffin all infused 🌱
Mini Pecan Cinnabuns with Brown Sugar Icing
Mushroom Cookies
Shrimp and Scallop Ceviche
Fried chicken and fried okra
How much rice do you eat every day?
spicy stir-fried asparagus
Traditional southern German Dinnete
chicken quesadilla and guac.
individual charcuterie “boxes” I made for a gathering
Late night  risotto instead of studying.
Tacos Carnitas
bao buns
mussels steamed in fragrant coconut sauce
Japan revolving sushi (under corona safety measures)
Turkish breakfast
smoked wings
Fatteh
Soft Chocolate Coconut Drop Christmas Cookies with Chocolate Espresso Icing
"deconstructed" birthday cake
Best part of a pork roast! Prove me wrong
smoked salmon with salt, pepper, maple syrup and pears
Cinnamon Rolls. Because I wanted to make my house smell nice.
English pea and bacon soup
Italian Budino di Ricotta (Ricotta Pudding) with Strawberry Coulis and Mint
Trump-McConnell rift threatens GOP's Senate hopes - POLITICO
Ăn SUSHI làm từ Quái Vật SIREN HEAD
Made 3 types of tacos today using our in-house smoked meats. Description in comments
Focaccia bread sandwich with crispy panko chicken
sfogliatellla
Pumpkin soup with some extra olive oil and coriander
Simple shoyu ramen
4 eggs, toast and a porkchop with sauerkraut
Beef steak and bone marrow tacos
Cheeseburger
had brown rice, pork chops, roasted potatoes and butternut for lunch.
puff pastry snacks
Filet Mignon, Caprese Salad, and a Baked Potato
I made pelmeni.
Jerk chicken with grilled pineapple salsa and coconut saffron rice
scrambled “eggs” made from silken tofu, nutritional yeast, salt and olive oil, with tortillas
Mushroom Fettuccine Alfredo
Buttermilk Pancakes with Spicy Buttermilk Chicken Strips
Lego Kitchen: Американский лего Яблочный пирог - ACMP cтоп моушен/Мукбанг
Handmade Gnocchi Sardi with Creamy Pesto
Steak Au Poivre Pasta
Badam Elaichi Kulfi (Indian Frozen dairy dessert)
Homer Simpson donut
- Recently started an Instagram (crumbs_bakery._ ) for all my bakes but struggling to get followers, If anyone could follow I’d be grateful!
Toad in the Hole.
Spicy shrimp scallops and salmon with broccoli and a baked potato
TINY cookie Christmas tree
Japanese sweet and spicy apple curry w/ sweet potatoes and mixed peppers over tofu fried rice and served with miso soup.
Grandma's hamburger casserole in my 17" cast iron
spicy chicken sammie
Chicken Parm Melt
pork platter with fries and salad
chicken ramen bowl!
Arrabbiata Pasta ✨
Pizza skulls for the spooky szn
Caramelized oranges
ramen noodles for my last day of vacation
Gypsy Tart
charcuterie and cbd whipped chocolate shakes
Chicken Not Pie
Banana Nut Bread
Tuesday Tacos
Thyme, leek, mixed mushroom, smoked gouda tart with a thyme/black pepper crust
tuna pasta
Apple tart with brown butter crust, a layer of salted caramel and a layer of salted caramel pastry cream.
Friend ate this dish but needs help finding out this dish name!! It is a Chinese dish
Mediterranean Spread all  AMA
Mini Idli with chutney
fried rice, duck egg, and chicken of the woods I foraged yesterday!
Detroit style pizza, and cast iron mushroom and cheese
Chicken Tikki Masala and homemade Naan using the recipe that u/oobree posted here a couple days ago
pork ribs. Excuse the pup, they got a few nibbles at the end though
Natural Dessert Fruit Recipes: Perfect For Any Day homemade The fruit has long been called a natural dessert. They are nutritious, add color to any menu, and above all, delicious! Like anything else cooked on the grill. ""
Wood fire roasted pork tenderloin and cast iron garlic-parmesan potatoes
Burns Supper. Balmoral Chicken with Whisky Peppercorn Sauce, Neeps &amp; Tatties
battenberg cake
cucumber kimchi on steamed eggs
Avacado toast, fried egg, Trader Joe's Everything But the Bagel seasoning.
mapo tofu
Fish (crappie) cakes and breaded potato wedges
Buttermilk pie
My b-day gift
strawberry cake extra delicious
Roasted Pork Shoulder
Pizzelle Cannoli’s with vanilla cream filling
Pesto pasta with burrata
Dark chocolate brownies
chicken parmesan
spicy miso pasta with sautéed baby bok choy
Fried eggs and fried rice.
Stuffed Shrimp Avocado
Lamb shank &amp; garlic mash
Wagyu for Christmas chocolate Yule log/ buche De noel
INDIAN CHICKEN items revealed:  kawab+malae tikka+chicken biryani
Andouille
Hosted an outdoor Thanksgiving brunch this year, complete with home smoked salmon. I think we have started a new tradition.
Some homade Paella!  Seafood over clam stock and parmesan risotto
Brisket for kickoff
Sour Cherry Pie
i made a melt.
Pecan smoked Ribs
Savory Sausage Fried Rice Breakfast Bowl
Shanghai Scallion Oil Noodles
Duck roasted on a tall boy
Honey Garlic chicken. One of my favorite dishes.
Chocolate crepe cake with chocolate ganache
Matcha Green Tea and Vanilla Panna Cotta
Chicken and Buttermilk Huckleberry Waffles Drenched in Rosemary Butter and Pure Wisconsin Maple Syrup with Crushed Red Pepper Flakes
My "" salad in spaghetti basket, decorated with parsley and cherry tomatoes ❤
Cornish Pasty
Homemade Cranberry Sauce
Halloween Treats
Loaded Greek tots
Bacon.
Even in jail, Russia’s Navalny knows how to enrage his rival Putin. This time it’s with a viral video. - The Washington Post
tortilla soup
Rose + Cardamom, Coffee + Chocolate, and Vanilla + Salted Caramel Macarons.
amateur - my daughters 5th birthday cake that I made. It’s not perfect but I worked hard!
chicken and spinach wraps
Me and SO made and ate  Swedish Kebabpizza because I was homesick
Beef Wellington
Hungarian salami and cheese stuffed crust pizza topped with maple candied bacon and more salami.
Gruyere &amp; white cheddar cavatappi mac &amp; cheese
Poached Pear
Portuguese Bifana
New covid-19 strains: What scientists know about coronavirus variants - Livemint
Baklava!
pt. 2 Grilled Alaskan Halibut w/ honey butter, leeks, chili sauce, &amp; fresh herbs. Rod &amp; Reel harvest outside of Glacier Bay National Park and Preserve.
Rime Rib Mushroom Burger.
Cheesy Green Chilli Shrimp &amp; Grits
simple bread omelette
Belgian Waffles
egg yolk raviolo with sous vide ribeye
Chocolate Covered Strawberries and Bananas
Toasted butter braid brioche,farm eggs, fried Polish deli bologna, and grunwald fenugreek cheese.
White House aide resigns after threatening reporter - The Associated Press
French omelette with spinach and fried tomato
Sous Vide Roast with Aus Jus From accumulated juice
a chocolate completely Homemade
Ribs
Cornish game hen with mashed potatoes, beans and homemade herb and garlic dinner rolls . Decided to do something other than turkey for Canadian thanksgiving.
Liquid Marijuana Shot Recipe
Strawberry jam stuffed cheesecake cookie bites
Pizza. Half fresh garlic.
Steak w/ Cilantro Lime Rice and Portobello Mushroom fajitas and Refried Beans
Mini Chocolate Peanut Butter Pie
Made a lasagne
Wagyu beef burger with gold leaf cheese
Cajun sweet potato fries with grated cured egg yolk
A decadent plate of  macarons
Best Catering Services in Hyderabad Home
grilled beef rib roast with yorkshire pudding
Summer Sausage
fried fish in beer batter with curry couscous
Whos hungry?
A  english breakfast 😍
GOOD FOOD REAL FAST
Steak frites (USDA Prime strip)
تحميل تطبيق كريم اوبر Careem للموبايل 2021
Ranch + Mustard
2 types of pasta n grilled salmon with lemon thyme
BURRITO
tri tip carne taco
Insalata Caprese
Chicken Bacon BBQ Pizza
Victoriavlaai
Delicious Steak 🤤
Apple Cupcakes with Apple Butter Frosting and Bourbon Caramel Drizzle/Filling
Eggs, Ham, Avocado w/ Toast Breakfast Plate... ft Mochaccino
a philly cheese steak pizza
Tuna and Cucumber Tower.
Rainbow trout en croute
I‘ll take care of her!
Marshmallow Treats
wholemeal Emmer sourdough with milled golden flaxseeds, sliced after frozen for 5 days
Grilled (by me) beef kabobs with zucchini, peppers onions and cherry tomatoes
cake 🎂
Garlic Kebab
Black Tea Cake with Honey Buttercream
chicken mousakhan aka coated with sumac and cooked then roasted inside thin bread with olive oil and sumac.
Lentil soup
chorizo-queso cheeseburger with sautéed jalapeños and onions
Cibir
Digaag Qumbe aka Yogurt-Coconut Chicken which is very similar to a curry. This recipe was inspired by a traditional Somalian dish. Recipe in comments, if interested.
https://ift.tt/3sStNx8
Nutella Oreo Cheesecake
Finnish perinteinen mämmi
hot chocolate
milky cake so yummy
sourdough discard roti canai, vegetable dhal, n lemon pepper sausages
Jalapeño cheddar smash burger
Pork Schnitzel
Rare Newyork Prime Steak.
Donald Duck cupcakes
Kinder Delice
upside down citrus cake
Garlic parmesean crusted turkey cheese melt with creamy tomato basil soup
Spare Ribs
classic fried eggs and potatoes with finely chopped chives
3 Tier Chocolate Peanutbutter Cake
Puff Pastry, Mascarpone and Poached Pear Tarts.
made some banoffee pie
Shrimp from Brittany, France cooked in Bavette n.13 pasta by Barilla.
Asian BBQ Chicken and Onion-not-rings
Chorizo Hash
Roasted tomato basil soup.
Cajun Shrimp Boil
Bleu cheese wedge salad
Tomato Soup &amp; Grilled Cheese Sandwich on Shokupan
Roast Chicken, Caesar, Twice Baked Potato Casserole.
Thai green curried soup with aubergine (eggplant?)
Wurst Pizza
Korean Fire Noodles
BBQ pulled chicken (left) and Korean Gochujang pulled chicken (right)
Thai BBQ chicken rice bowl w/ Vietnamese pickled veggies
Steak taco's with Chimichurri sauce
Beef Stew.
Cheese burger with chipotle sauce for lunch
Bread Pit and Burger Buns
Mess of holiday cookies
a sushi burger
Beef Jerky
roasted lamb shoulder with pearl barley
rice with vegetables
Oreo Cake With Just 3 Ingredients ""
Fluffy Pancakes
Vegan Ramen, with Oumph Sticky Smokehouse bits
Fried gnocchi, sausage, 'nduja paste, spinach and tomatoes
Homemade Yorkie for Christmas dinner.
copycat cranberry bliss bars
Chicken tenders and honey mustard
Yakiniku
meatless loaf with mashed potatoes and gravy.
French onion soups
chicken parmesan and zucchini parmesan
Poke bowl with edamame &amp; ginger😄
Maash Daal (Urad Lentil)
Chile Rellenos, Rice, Beans, Tortillas, Sour Cream, Lettuce, Pico de Gallo, and Guacamole
Loaded Chili with Cheddar Scallion Biscuits
Steak in butter and garlic
Red pie w/ sausage &amp; roasted onion
BBQ wings and fries
Milk bun sliders with beef/mushrooms smash patties. Topped with Muenster, sharp cheddar, garlic aioli, lettuce, tomatoes, sautéed red onions and blackened jalapeños.
Empanadas
Pizza in a jar
Kouign-Amann and Chocolate Potato Chips
Take action today No medication needed It is a diet with what is known as phytonutrients, plant extracts and certain combinations taken at fixed times of the day pro / chef,homemade
special snack to celebrate the end of the year
Mini Red Velvet Bundt Cakes w/ buttercream frosting  @myrtlestreetkitchen on IG
Veg Sri-Lankan Meal (Eggplant, Mango and Potato Curries with Papadam, Rice and Salad)
मिल्क केक , दिवाली के लिए बाजार जैसा अलवर का कलाकंद
citrus upside down cake brûlée
NY Strip steak mex grill (sorta) bowl
Spring grilling - BABY BACKS!!!
chorizo mac &amp; cheese
French Cruller
Bubble and Squeak, wrapped in bacon on a Yorkshire pud!
I ate  beet root halwa like a real Indian with english subtitles pro
Smoked watermelon “ham”
Coconut macaroons dipped in chocolate
sourcream and onion buns, leek and chanterelle mini cheese burger.
Steak
Seafood pasta
Chocolate Chiffon Cake
Bacon, tomato, Avocado and Egg sandwich with balsamic glaze.
Christmas Lucky winner special ""
Yukgaejang (육개장, 肉개醬)
Stromboli
Diner-Style American Breakfast
choc chip cookies
this today! Creamy dijon pork chop with parmesan-coated green beans and broiled potatoes!
simple tomato salad v2 🍅
Harumaki
pizza with artisanal cheese and spinach with home made sauce on store bought naan :(
Christmas Cupcakes! - (Flavours are Vanilla Cookiebutter/Cocoa Marshmallow/Red Velvet)
Wanted pancakes
Tri-tip dinner
pita bread
tostones rellenos for me an my Cubana
No-Bake Oreo Cheesecake
Chocolate Peanut Butter Macarons
Black Coffee, Banana Bread with walnuts
Smashed burger
Sometimes you just need comfort food.
Pecan Pie
chip pizza!!!
Duck fat fried potatoes
breakfast tostada
I made and photographed my waffles for classes.
Cantonese sweet potato noodles with bok choy and beanshoots.
Christmas Hot chocolate
Chocolate Babka!
Pecan glaze encrusted salmon, sweet potato purée and golden beets.
Germany joins growing list of countries to suspend AstraZeneca Covid vaccine - Mint
“” Valentine’s Day supper; Italian sausage, beets, sauerkraut, and rice made by hubby
Seco de carne con frejoles - 🇵🇪 PERU 🇵🇪
Real Mexican food: enchiladas verdes, carne asada, nopales, enmoladas, pozole, chiles rellenos
this rainbow cake from a local coffee shop
Como fazer a SALADA russa da HELLO KITTY - Cozinhando ASMR vídeos Stop M...
Lemon Rice with Mutton roast and papadum (Thin rice flour cracker)
charcuterie board aka charcutes
Habanero pork tamales
Greek Vegetable Casserole
bacon cheeseburger totchos
Forevermore will I make fresh.
Beef chuck kebab with JD sweet and spicy glaze
Detroit Style Deep Dish
Kinder Country Cake
real Swedish cinnamon rolls to celebrate cinnamon rolls-day
cranberry chicken thighs, potatoes with sour cream and garlic butter, and spinach with Swiss chard
Rib-eye steak and Caesar salad
bbq fried chicken
Uncooked pasta
Black forest cake 🎂
potato, rice, pinto bean, veggie, cheese enchiladas
Turf'nTurf Platter
Grilled adobo chicken tacos on homemade corn tortillas with spicy pineapple arbol and creamy avocado salsas
Onions and garlic pretzel knots
Fried noodles with chicken
Steak, peppers, onions &amp; provolone
Garlic butter fried rice, spam and eggs :)
Burger King treating me good 😌
Hot Cocoa Bombs!
Alfajores
Tiny Golden Snitch: Miniscule golden tortoise beetle in viral video reminds netizens of 'Harry Potter' - Times Now
Karaage chicken
reverse seared bone in ribeye and prime NY strip
Grilled Olives
Jalapeño Jack Cornbread
Carne asada tacos for dinner
PSA: Toast your 🌯  what are your favorite fillings?
pytt I panne (don’t know a english name for it)
Italian hoagie
Today I made a very healthy dinner. The potatoes were made in the Airfryer🥰
Hashimaki!
Pan seared-oven cooked steaks. Havent cooked this way ever.
14lbs Beef brisket
Chả Giò (Vietnamese fried spring rolls) with Sweet Chili Sauce and Soy Sauce

Pasta carbonara, following traditional recipes
sushi
Autumn crumble with cinnamon and plums - Foodvideo is from my friend, show her some love 😍
Japanese sweet potato Chinese steamed buns (mantou)
Corned beef, slow cooked then broiled with mustard/hot honey, potatoes, and carrots.
Mini Chocolate Chestnut Cake
Coconut Miso Salmon Curry
beef stew tonight!!
Korean fried chicken with homemade spicy ramen
rice cake with avacodo
Pon de Ring Donuts
Lobster Grilled Cheese
Brisket "Taquitos"
One-pot bacon Mac
ying and yang egg sandwich.
Grünkohl German dish with Kale
Hard shell tortillas
Deep Fried Calamari with Aioli
Okonomiaki.
Sesame Garlic &amp; Ginger Chicken
Made Jambalaya, extremely pleased with the results and will be making again soon.
steak for nachos
Cheddar Tomato Bisque and a Grilled Cheese Sandwich
chicken cheddar nachos
Meatloaf, Cheesy Scalloped Potatoes, with Green Beans and ketchup
Matcha Tiramisu
red sauerkraut with bratwust
roast beef, maple bacon, cheddar cheese and crispy onions on a toasted bun.
Avocado and tuna toast
Red and Green Bell Pepper Pizza 🍕
Ribeye Filet
Burra e Salvia Gnocchi
I made brisket.
BANANA Leaf FISH Recipe
chorizo gravy atop scrambled eggs and potato pancakes
Hot honey karrage and mushroom broth lo mein.
Cantonese style noodle with pork
“” Biscoff/caramel-cheesecake AKA “Manon”. On my way to start my own cakebusiness in 2021 in Belgium. There Will be many more cakes + recipes soon.
Reverse Sear steak
chicken blackberry salad with a blackberry balsamic vinaigrette
Quinoa blackbean burgers
pizza :)
Matzo Ball Noodle Soup
Strawberry mousse cakes with chocolate rum truffles and raspberry jelly slices.
Arroz con cosas (Rice and things)
peach crumb cake
The chunky prophecy is true
a Delicious smoked salsa made with all natural ingredients from local Texas farmers.
pork butt
Buffalo Wings with Blue Cheese Dip
Apple Crisp and Vanilla ice cream, 4am
3 day brined fireman’s chicken seared and baked with herb roasted potatoes and carrots with a balsamic reduction drizzle.
Sliders with sriracha Mayo, bacon, jalapeño, lettuce, cheese and  spicy quick pickles
Trying to perfect my tomahawk grill game.
Avocado, romaine, red bell pepper, red onion, cracked pepper, mozzarella salad!
vegetable and egg
Chinese bun.
BBQ Pulled Pork and Cole Slaw
Made  pasta for a midnight snack.
Garlic Bread Italian Meatloaf Sandwichs
Food I ate Healthy Middle Eastern Foods You Must Try
Potage Célestine, or French celery, leek, and potato soup (recipe by Julia Child)
Siren Head TOILET MONSTER becomes a Strawberry Cheesecake How to Cook ...
Parmesan and Rice and Rosemary Ham.
Banana Pancakes
Butternut squash and quinoa salad with goat cheese over arugula
Immortalizing my boy
Garlic Thyme butter Ribeye steak
Aloo paratha
Chicken wings in Vietnamese sauce (fish sauce, lime juice, hot chili, garlic and butter) with finely sliced lime leaves
Curry Ramen with Duck
Dragonball Z vanilla cupcakes
Butterscotch cake.
Braised beef brisket
Buffalo Nachos
Parisian flan
crispy buffalo chicken salad
Fettuccine chicken alfredo
Chocolate fudge brownies
Breakfast potato burrito with sausage, cream cheese, pepper jack, bell pepper, jalapeño, onion, and mango habanero salsa.
Protein Pancakes
chonky cookies
Chicken Parm &amp; Capellini with Bolognese sauce
Cheeseburger made in an Air Fryer
Zucchini Enchilada Rollups!
Levee High Apple Pie
waygu steak
Menorah Challah
24 hour marinated steak with stir fry vegetables, white rice, and yum yum sauce
Pulled Pork Pizza + Veggie
Japanese Breakfast
My dinner from last night.  a grilled chicken wrap with lettuce, tomato, onion, homemade ranch and hot sauce. It was delicious!
‘The Boss’ burger
RICE AND GET SAUSE
Prime ribeyes.
Bacon, Egg, and Cheese Sandwich
Cornish hen with sautéed onion, broccoli &amp; cheese and mashed potatoes!
Cornbread waffles with chili and fixins.
chocolate crinkle cookies.
"
made spinach and bacon stuffed oysters today
Christmas Dinner's Beef Wellington
17hr smoked brisket and wood fired, grilled shrimp.
Pink Turkish Delight
salmon and eggs Benedict this morning for brunch.
sous vide duck breast with duck Lasagne.
first time making Veggie Pot Pie in Ninja Foodi
3/14: Happy 'Pi' day
My mum’s birthday brunch - French scrambled eggs on a toasted croissant, topped with smoked salmon.
Baby back ribs, sushi and pizza.
Cheese &amp; Garlic tear and share - perfect with Tomato Soup
Proper birthday/end of the world meal tonight - NY strip + prosciutto wrapped asparagus
chicken ballotine
potatoes, onions, garlic, Cajun sausages, coffee.
Sous vide crispy pork belly on fresh steamed buns
Mushroom Stroganoff
Bolognese &amp; fresh parpadelle
mushroom and asparagus rissoto.
Laksa Soup
Nacho pie
Swedish Meatballs with Egg Noodles
Fresh Cavatelli Rigati with Pesto and Toasted Breadcrumbs
banh mi
Vegan Nom Yen Loaf with Oatly Vanilla Custard, Forest Forest Fruits and Basil
Moqueca and rice, garnished with farofa.
Creamy Tomato &amp; Prawn pasta, heavy on the Garlic and chili
Texas BBQ Platter
Delicious premium white chocolate with dried cranberries. One bar is about ±100 grams for large bar and about ±50 grams for a small bar. *Buy three or more for a discount. Discount will be calculated at checkout time based on selected quantity.
Schäufele (pig shoulder) with dumplings and red cabbage
Puerto Rican Pasteles
Jerk Chicken and Shrimp
chocolate strobarys
4 cheese Mac and cheese topped with fried chicken, our house beer hot sauce, and ranch.
Chicken Byriani
Tortilla Pizza Wrap
Simple and easy. Bacon, scrambled eggs, and kimchi fried rice.
Triple Chocolate Pecan Chip Cookie
Meatball loaf sandwich: Half of a hollowed-out sourdough loaf, stuffed with provolone, mozzarella, tomato sauce and baked meatballs w/ Zatt's mesquite BBQ chips.
Boston Cream Pie (Stella Park’s recipe)
katsu curry!
Wound or Algae? Viral video showing a manatee with 'Trump' written on it divides netizens - Times Now
Peas Velvet (Velouté)
A Slice of Cookie Dough Pie.
Polish Tatar - raw beef with yolk and oil, chopped pickles, onion and pickled mushrooms with toasts and mandatory shot of vodka
Gulab Jamuns
Light, Simple Super Bowl Hors D'oeuvres

why am I like this? (Peanut butter, and pickles)
chicken souvlaki, flatbread pita, toum, tzatziki, &amp; veg
Beef Stew and Challah
Whole weath wraps with spiced pork, yellow onions, spinach and tomato
Crunchie, freddo, fudge and cardburys caramel on top of a brownie for dessert
Peppermint Bark
Timpano
Sourdough naan bread with paneer and okra fry. Heaven on my plate.
taco night in Cali.
Smoked ribs
broccoli pie
Peri peri maggi
Donuts 🤤🤤🤤
Swiss roll covered in white chocolate, filling is vanilla cream cheese with whipped cream and raspberry jam.
Chicken meatball curry with fresh greens and gluten free flatbread.
My  apple &amp; berry galettes.
I made Action Bronson's quarantine sandwich sandwich 🥪 😎
Cheesesteak and Fries
Raspberry Cheese Danishes
lamb chops
Italian meringue
tofu and veg green thai curry
Curry rubbed and oak smoked pork loin.
Mini tomato rice food experience
Rainbow Cake
prawns and French fries
https://ift.tt/2Y4SuID
fried rice chicken with egg and spicy sauce 😊
Banana Cream Pie
How to use TikTok: Make videos, go live, gain followers and maybe get famous - CNET
How To Roast Pumpkin Seeds Perfectly by a Michelin Star Master
Ikura salmon rice bowl
Cookies for Valentine's Day
Botanical Focaccia
Chinese-Mexican food infusion food at a restaurant on the Las Vegas Strip!
Blueberry and raspberry muffins
Polish Pierogi (Pierogi ruskie - dumplings with potato and cottage cheese stuffing)
where I want to be rn!!
One Rice Krispies Treat (luten ree) GF
Cheese platter
a choco dusted, choco filled donut to kickstart my weekend!
Strawberry Layer Cake w/ Buttercream frosting
Bacon Parmesan Pesto
Brown Butter Apple Blondies
Fresh Homemade Pizza
flatiron stake
Rolled Omlette
Salted mocha Carmel Donut and Black Coffee
Blueberry 🫐 Pancakes 🥞
soy sauce chicken rice
Candyland-Themed Cake
Smoked Salmon is always a hit in our house!!
Smoky BBQ Chicken Wings.
Brown sugar apple glazed pork tenderloin
Dozen of 6 Holiday Flavor Macarons.
Mediterranean-Stuffed Sweet Potatoes
Mac and Cheese but with Rotini
Ribeye sandwiches with pepper jack cheese, grilled onions, and horseradish dill sauce on onion rolls.
Ground Beef Bulgogi Bowl with Kimchi and Steamed Egg (Gyeran Jjim) I made for dinner.
Carrot cake and cream cheese frosting
Pork tenderloin , onion and carrot sauce, with boiled potato. Simple and delicious
Mini Churro treats
This is the best pizza in Mexico; Luigis
Banh Xeo (Vietnamese pancakes)
Chapati and Masala Fried Garlic Shrimp
Steak salad (rib eye)
Healthy Peanut Butter Cookies
Chicken &amp; Mushroom, chilli, parsley, mayo, BBQ sauce.
Ohio reopens salad bars, self-service food stations in restaurants, banquet halls, other facilities - cleveland.com
field roast tacos
Loaded hot Dorito nachos
Pasta bolognese three ways
Honey roasted seal salt almonds w belgium chips
pastelitos of meat and potato with cheese
Classic Roast Chicken with rosemary potatoes and veges.
Sometimes a hard day at work is cured by a simple quesadilla
Jamie Oliver’s Insanity Burger 🍔
"" chicken paratha and potato paratha in new restaurant in pakistan.
Broiled rock shrimp and red potatoes with garlic butter
Chocolate Mousse Entremet
Roasted Pork Tenderloin with Apple Gravy
I hear you guys like space cakes!
🐓 🍜
fish and chips with curry sauce and mushy peas
Shrimp bowl with cauliflower rice.
Vanilla Hazelnut Waffles with Blueberry Sauce
This Massive McRib. McDonald's Has Nothing on Me
French toast 😋
Lobster rolls
Roast chicken leg with bulgar wheat, salad greens, roasted butternut squash, pan fried paneer and harissa yoghurt dressing
Strawberry Heart Cake
filled sweet potato boats
Rose and Pistachio Croissant
I was so inspired by u/everythingbagellover’s  Jamaican Jerk Chicken Pot Pie that I had to make one of my own. Not nearly as pretty, though.
Roast Duck with Orange Wild Rice
Zest For Food: Sharing the love through a recipe - Monadnock Ledger Transcript
Tuna mac
Fresh Oyster and bean sprout pancake
Stir-fry with spicy Thai cauliflower
Pad Thai!
Raspberry Peach Pie
Nutella, Red Velvet, &amp; Lotus Biscoff Cookies
A Chicharron
Breakfast hand pies with caramelized onion, sausage, jalapeno havarti, and scrambled egg
Potato Wedge Poutine
Steak and eggs
Smoked Rotisserie Chicken
cranberry lemon bars
Shakshouka on Toast
I made chicken sandwiches
Dutch cheese dough sticks (soepstengels)
Cajun spiced Smoked wings (with roasted potatoes and buttermilk blue cheese sauce)
Cooks in Nature.
Biscoff cheesecake
French omelette, Dungeness Crab, Old Bay 👍
mmmmmmmm
Steak, Bacon, Jalapeño Quesadilla
Apple Cake For The Jewish New Year
Lentil and Spinach Soup
Crispy Pork Carnitas
chocolate chip cookies! I think tonight was a great night to indulge
Sirloin Steak and Roasted Broccoli
Mushroom, mozzarella &amp; spinach burger
Irish Soda Bread ☘️☘️☘️
Summer ramen
I made combination short soup.
"" Filipino Mussel Soup (Tinolang Tahong)
Losing weight is now easy
Queso Relleno, one of my favorite Mexican / Yucatecan dishes!
Pizza w/ chicory, mozzarella, Datterino tomato &amp; Pecorino cheese.
pita breads
peanut butter cookies with chocolate stars
Strawberry Glazed Cheesecake
Chicken &amp; Andouille Sausage Gumbo
Peppermint Patty
Caprese salad
Deep fried Catfish served with Jumbo Shrimp, hush puppies and seasoned fries
- Vegan Squash Soup
Spooky muffins for Halloween!
frozen burritos with some love
Malakoff Cake
Filet Mignon
Homemade Halloween Recipe Cookies.
Tacos - check below
Bhindi (okra) fry
Tough guy, let's see how tough
Sliders
Chicken Bacon Burger.
30 Day Dry Aged Ribeye with Herb Truffle Butter
Banh Mí
General Tso’s Chicken and fried rice
chili crab, Singapore
Blueberry Goat Cheese with raspberries and Honey on a muktigran baguette
Oven baked Rainbow Trout!
Rice Kheer
Malteser Cupcakes
Danishes
Pan pizza with pepperoni, artichokes and olives
Japanese Osechi Ryouri
Made this  spaghetti sauce
Boozy Fruitcake
apple cider caramels
Apple Fritters
BBQ pork butt on top of cheesy garlic smashed potatoes .
Mixed Vegetables(carrots, celery, broccoli, yellow onion &amp; garlic ) Stirfried with marinated Boneless Chicken Leg Pieces.
Shrimp &amp; Grits Casserole
Maple brown sugar cookies
https://ift.tt/2YxtkCC
Shepherds pie for thanksgiving
Cornish Surf n Turf
bolognese with garlic bread
Currywurst with sweet potato-fries.At least the sauce was homemade
Only thanksgiving turkey I’ve ever made. No family gathering due to Covid but could still drop them off a plate to maintain family spirit of thanksgiving.
Kluna Tik eating Annoying Orange and Annoying Apple for Dinner - ASMR Co...
pepperoni and pineapple pizza with a hot honey drizzle
Steak, potatoes and 63°C egg
Keto diet for healthy lifePro / ChefI ate
Fish and chips
Meatballs in marinara sauce.
burger in my local restaurant
The reason why I’m looking out an apartment window and not a house
Verschiedene Weihnachtskekssorten (A variety of Christmas cookies)
fry-rice / miso soup
Vanilla Turkish Delight
Blueberry Buttermilk Pancakes Wrapped Around a Fried Sausage Patty. (Saturday morning breakfast for the kids)
spinach omelette with steamed beans and carrots
Blueberry yoghurt pancakes with Sicilian Marsala wine
Sushi!
Pan de Maiz
Italian Sub
Classic Poutine
Crabstick Salad Gunkan
Does anyone else eat peanut butter on toast dipped in tea?
wholemeal Emmer sourdough with milled golden flaxseeds
Maple bourbon creme brûlée
Homemade Afternoon Tea
Chimichurri topped Filet, with Parsnip purée and broccoli no
Garlic and rosemary steaks
freestyle Brussel Sprouts
shrimp pad thai
Turtle-shaped Melon Pan, a Cheese Curry Bread Cube... Thing(?), and a Latte
Cuban sandwich Style sausage
Blackberry crum cake with lemon crumble and a lemon glaze.
My attempt at fries
Soya Chaap Korma
Chicken vegetable spaghetti in a unique style
and my family had a big feast
Pepperoni Pizza w/ Jalapeño and Onion
Meatball Stroganoff
St. Louis Spareribs
Wine cheese board and kobe sliders @ Be Good in Temecula, CA.
Fudgy Brownies
Chicken Quesadillas &amp; Guac
Maple ginger glazed salmon, brown rice and broccoli
Chocolate Peppermint Loaf
Smoked Salmon and Crab Maki Roll
a smash burger with fries
Crispy Beef Short Ribs is another pulutan dish favorite of many drunken masters out there. Crispy Beef Short Ribs are deep-fried beef ribs that are served with a siding of soy sauce and vinegar (toyo't suka) and/or pickled vegetables (atchara).
Best dog food delivery options for 2021 - CNET
home fries
Alphonso Mango Pie
oven baked chicken thighs in tahini and shouy tare marinade.
My  Sauerkraut!
Salmon, Risotto, and Asparagus
My Prediction is: क्वाति. What is your prediction ? हाम्रो पात्रो प्रस्तुत गर्द...
16" pepperoni
Beef Bibimbap
White Chicken Chili and Bread. The perfect chilly football Sunday meal.
Breakfast pastries with cracked egg, thinly cut asparagus, cherry tomatoes and chilies with old cheddar cheese and apricot Riesling jelly, garnished with basil
Beet top pesto
Summer squash &amp; Gruyere pizza
Wagyu A5 Indomie - Reverse Pan Sear Method
porcupine meatballs!
Pasta "Corkese" - Irish-inspired version of pasta Bolognese with black pudding
brunch platter
Maida ke Pede Recipe | मैदा के पेड़े रेसिपी | Larryjee's Food
double smash burger and poutine
Coconut chilli chicken.
Maple Blueberry Pancake ice cream
Applewood Smoked Maple Bacon
Calentao de Úrsula
Gyoza and fried rice
Chicken Française
Breakfast for Dinner Eggs with Potatoes and Chorizo
Smoked &amp; fried wings
Heart Chocolate Ganache Cookies
/u/bigshrimps' Pepperoni Garlic Bread Balls
pasta - sorpresine
7 bone steak
Beef and mushroom
Decided to try a new pasta shape, and made trofie, a corkscrew shaped pasta. Served with charred tomato pesto!
Canto Style Salt and Pepper Flounder.
Japan has the best strawberry cakes 🍰
walters ass
Cheesey Baked Alfredo Pasta
https://ift.tt/2YyFStn
White chocolate chip and macadamia nut cookies.
BBQ pork, (char siu)
Mushroom and Bacon RisottoGet ya roast out
Ribeye sous vide
Beef burger.
ribs and rice how did I do I am 12 and Cooking is a passion of mine.
pepper jack stuffed pepperoni (and jalapeño) pizza!
Shaved Rosemary Roasted Lamb Burger with Spinach, Tomato, and Homemade Tzatziki Sauce
Cast iron paella
Biden Sets Stage for Climate Resistant Food
Red potato face!
Cottage pie
Nashville Hot Chicken
Dunkaroos Dip
My great, great aunts carrot cake recipe!
Soft Sugar Cookies
Apple Cider Donut Cake
Give shots to frontline workers from February 1, Centre tells states - Times of India
Venison heart
my son's holiday rib roast. Sadly, I couldn't visit for a slab.
Beet root hummus
Samoa Brownie Cheesecake
Flatbread Pizzas
Raspberry Dijon dressing with Mediterranean grilled chicken salad
Bread Gulab Jamun with Rabdi
Chicken Chow Mein
Ropa vieja, yellow rice and maduros
focaccia!
Banh Mi
Greek style roast chiken
Gluten free, lactose free raspberry cheesecake. Topped with a raspberry coulis and fresh raspberries. 😋Shrimp casino apizza
Dark Chocolate Chip Cookie
Teriyaki One Pot “Fried” Rice
tonkatsu steamed rice and cabbage slaw with ginger carrot and miso dressing
chocolate chunk cookies
Cheese and green onion pizza
I went back and  perfect poutine and truly UNBELIEVABLE pork rib!
Spinach and Turkey Omelette with Perfectly Runny Yolks 🍳
delectable LaBella pizzeria garden in Southern California support the local businesses.
My concert hall Blueberry pie
Lemon Mug Cake
Chocolate Brownies
(Homemade) Hopping John
I finally figured out how to shape the pizza crust
Brisket Burnt Ends
Traditional food rfissa
Chicken Tandoori!
Steamed soy and garlic cod
Teriyaki wood fire salmon
Folded BLT Avocado Ham &amp; Cheese Gimbap
Food for thought about the immune drivers of gut pain - Nature.com
Szechuan beef and egg fried rice
Grilled cheese using baguette and Kewpie (Japanese mayo)
Chicken &amp; Salsa Verde Tamales with Pork Pozole
Shrimp and Grits
Salmon bowl with hoisin drizzle
Pan seared filet mignon and salad with feta, dried cranberries, and balsamic dressing.
Hazelnut Espresso Macarons with an Espresso Cream Ganache
Sheppard’s Pie
KFC Bowl
Pumpkin and Chickpeas Pot
Pizza Basil Garlic Crust Sauce Food Italian
Spaghetti Bolognese, caprese, garlic bread, and berry fresca
Brownies with eggnog ice cream topped with homemade whipped cream
Buttermilk Brined Chicken Tenders!
Polenta with Ragu, Mushrooms and Winter Vegetables
Istanbul Stuffed Mussels- Midye Dolma
Game Day Veggie Pizza
Mushroom Manchurian
Pizza bianca w/tomatoes &amp; basil.
Ribeye steak with oven baked potatoes and onions and a tarragon-chili-garlic mayo.
Honeycomb candy with chocolate topping.
Toad in the hole w/ fried peppers &amp; potatoes.
Avocado toast on homemade bread
Chuck Steak
Fried Chicken Tacos
Potato Rōsti, fried egg and peri peri sauce.
BBQ CHICKEN AND BACON MAC N' CHEESE
Protein Waffles
Jollibee style fried chicken, gravy and spaghetti
Yakiudon焼きうどん
Duck legs with mixed vegetables
Pumpkin Porridge 🎃
My  chocolate cake
Spaghetti with the sauce
Pumpkin Cheesecake Swirl
A Steak Dinner
Tortelli verdi reggiani
Acorns
Chicken Kebabs
Fried onions
breakfast with fresh sourdough
Made my own Bacon Cheese Fries 🍟🤤
Artisan Bread
a barbecue sampler
Beef jerky
Pavlova with lemon curd whipped cream
Conchitas a la parmesana
Carne Asada Tacos
Beef Braciole with prosciutto, mozzarella, and roasted red peppers
Buffalo Italian Sandwich
blue cheese and caramelized onion tartlets.
Vanilla custard with gin blueberries and fresh orange
Chicken n Dumplings. The weather got cold, everyone wanted them.
sandwich 😍 Half veggie half meat
Bulgogi
Pretzels with a beer &amp; cheese dip
Cherry Cheesecake
Chettinad Crab Masala
My second attempt at Pizza Napolitana :)
blueberry waffles
Mysore Pak | Soft Mysore Pak | Mysore Pak Recipe For Beginners | Lets Cook Up
Conrad's Desert
ravioli with shiitake filling, gran panado and sagebutter sauce
Southern Fried Chicken
What’s better that a hot chocolate when it’s snowing?
Mona Lisa Restaurant, San Francisco
Miso honey sesame glazed salmon with sauteed garlic green beans.
Just make the damn birria tacos, guys. Trust in the internet for once. I didn’t even do a great job and they were still so worth it
Seared tuna steak with a blue cheese crumble
Moqueca (fish and vegetables soup)
Chocolate Chip Cookies With 7 Different Milka Chocolate Flavors!
Strawberry Ice Cream
Balsamic Honey Chicken and Veggies
hash browns eggs and toast with a blood orange screwdriver and coffee
Halki Diabetes Remedy 2020 – Does it Work?
Topsy turvy Mardi Gras/Birthday cake.
Roasted Celeriac with beurre blanc, seaweed, salmon eggs and sourdough croutons
Grilled pork with cold noodle salad
Matcha Trees, Ginger Stars &amp; Pecan Snowballs
ASMR Comiedo: Eating FastFood Made Of Fruits(Pizza, Hamberger, French Fr...
Avocado, poached egg and streaky bacon
Sushi platter for Thanksgiving. Bc fuck Thanksgiving.
sticky rice filled jackfruit pods dessert
Ramen with Chasu and soft boiled egg
Easy chili, baked potato, and broccoli.
christmas tree pastries
apple pies(my friend Kevin made these)
Fantastic Biscuit Cake - Easy &amp; Quick Cake With Few Ingredients
(Pixar-style) Ratatouille
mushroom khachapuri and garlic fries
grilled cheddar guacamole burgers
Raclette leftovers revisited
Chicken Curry and Rice
Made Beef Wellington for my friends for Christmas!
Beef &amp; cheese chimichangas with homemade pico de gallo with a helping of rice
lobster and langoustine ravioli
Braised Osso Buco over Ricotta Gnudi
Chocolate and butter mochi muffins
Bred (Hokkaido rolls)
Beef chunks
election burgers
Peppermint cake
Cheeseburger
Crispy Chicken Drumsticks &amp; Tenders. A little post-Thanksgiving frying for the family.
kashmiri dum aloo
Spinach, broccoli, cauliflower and carrot soup
Bao Buns with Fried Shrimp
Tried my hand at pancakes. Wasn't disappointed
Chicken &amp; Pesto Panini with Pasta Salad
apple pie made of homegrown organic apples
Steak with sweet potatoes.
Mixed berry pavlova
16" New York Style Pepperoni Pizza
LEGO AMONG US, If Mini Crewmates FIGHT for STEAK - How Cook ASMR Stop Mo...
Cheddar, herb, and Old Bay waffle topped with Taramosalata (Greek caviar spread)
Egg Shakshuka
Kimchi fried rice with fried egg, avocado, &amp; pickled daikon
boar 🐗 curry
Simple &amp; Easy Chicken Lasagna
Oranges?
Twice fried pork
Vegetarian pizza on the way~~~
Ube Doughnuts, Adobo Loco Moco, and Lumpia.
Bomberman!! MY children lunch box!
wallnut shrimp/ orange chicken/beef and greens/ vegetarian chop suey/ jasmine rice
smol burger
Chili Colorado with Smoked Beef Tallow Tortillas, Citrus Beans, and Mexican Rice
Duck Fat Veg &amp; Eggs
Slow smoked ribs
%95 hydration focaccia baked in cast iron with rosemary
Southern fried chicken burger
Homemade Pav Bhaji Recipe
cheeseburger tart
Eating ROASTED TOM CAT(Tom &amp; Jerry) - Lina Tik ASMR Food Mukbang No Talk
Cantonese Chicken Noodle Soup with gai lan, just like grandma used to make
Lumberjack Breakfast with Cinnamon Pancakes
Bacon Jalapeno Guacamole cheeseburger
Garlic Butter Lobster, Cooked by fire.
Black Bean, Cheddar, and Pepperjack Quesadillas
Falafel Taco
3 pounds of chicken drumsticks right off the smoker
Garlic Butter Broiled Lobsters
Prime Rib and Loaded Baked Potato Dinner
Chicken Skewers with Somagh Rice
Sugar dusted chocolate chip muffins
Yellow Curry Tuna with Rice
Caprese
Jalapeño Cheddar Loaf
oh so good burgers for dinner
Smoked Turkey melt with mac &amp; cheese
My dad made some yummy food for dinner😋😋😋
Almond pear pie recipe / recette de la tarte aux poires amandine
Octopus baked with potatoes
Summer/Spring Roll
chicken taco salad with queso, ranch, and homemade tortilla bowl
High Tea Platter with Vanilla Chiffon Cake and Japanese Butter Cookies from Spirited Away
Fresh Burger with homemade Bun
Cast Iron Pineapple Upside Down Cake
Broccoli, yellow and green squash, mushrooms, left over steak drizzled with chick fil A sauce.
Applesauce spice cake + cream cheese frosting. Brandy apple filling. Brandy caramel corn + apple.
baking apple pie
Swiss Rösti with Veal-Hazelnut Schnitzel with Rocket and Parmeggiano Regiano und Pumpkin seed oil
Cioppino with shrimp, scallop, mussel, and halibut filet
Twice Baked Cheddar Garlic Potato
Musaca greceasca vegan, reteta sanatoasa de slabit
ribeye with mashed potatoes
Gluten-free leftovers beef tortilla in the making (my first attempt🙈)
seafood pasta
Fried Squid Head
Prawn Laksa
Bacon, Egg &amp; Cheese Sandwich
Brussel sprout tacos with onions, red peppers, and sriracha mayo dressing
Pane Bianco
Chorizo and goat cheese omelette.
paneer masala
beef birria queso tacos
gluten-free wine cookies
Cioppino #seafood
Refreshing Greek Salad with Chicken and some Iced Tea
Everything you can ask for in a meal.
Shannu Kitchen Multi Cuisine Restaurant in LB Nagar
The magic chili oil to get you through the rest of 2020!
I experimented - Dark Chocolate Chip Nutella Swirl Brownies - so amazing!
black bean shrimp n white jasmine rice
Mini Hot Dog Sugar Cookies
Moroccan Round White Bread
Soup Dumplings
No Knead Dutch Oven Bread
condensed milk brownies and mini candies
Burgers and Fries
buffalo chicken
Grilled lobster and ne garlick butter
Mango Habanero Cobb Salad
Home-cured and smoked ham, glazed with an infused honey (cinnamon, clove, garlic and thyme) and roasted.
Guacamole Bacon Cheeseburger
tandoori lamb chops with gravy and rice
Pork Curry
Shocking Sweet Carrot-Recipe For Crispy Greek Spoon Sweet
Korean fried chicken!
baked zucchini with salmon
Chocolate yule log with whipped cream cheese filling
Fish BBQ
Cinnamon Streusel Pumpkin Bread
- Viennese Ring Cake Recipe - Silent Vlog
, like to make this. does it look good? Beef Brisket Chili With Sweet Cornbread Dumplings
Shakshouka lunch for one
A savory bacon &amp; egg Danish
Lime crusted salmon with mushroom sauce and creamy pepper rice
Cuisine facile de betty - Fast and easy cooking
pull apart roasted onion buns
Buldak chicken flavor spicy ramen w/ seasoned steak, green onions, mushrooms &amp; garlic.
beef bites
Cajun Shrimp Pad Thai... in the words of Emeril, BAM!
I Made Some Birria Pizza
"" Chicken burger
Christmas Calamarata
Fried Chicken
Traditional  Fish Curry with fresh spices Masala Fish Curry 😋😍
Do you guys know what this is called? I know the rice, broccoli, and carrot but not the other stuff.
scotch eggs
Mafroukeh
Vietnamese Crispy Roast Pork Belly (Thịt Heo Quay)
Mexican Street Corn Chowder
Browned Butter salted caramel chocolate chip cookies
Biden’s Approval Rating Is Trump’s in Reverse - The New York Times
Tuna in Escabeche, learn how to prepare your own canned tuna fish.
rump stake with a salad dressed in meat juices
pecan pie with extra flaky curst
Father’s Favorite Slow-braised Beef Short Ribs with Radish and Egg in Earthy Bone Broth
Zhajiangmian
Turkey Pot Pie
Crazy Cooking: мультяшный кот и среди нас - ACMP cтоп моушен/Мукбанг
Onion and mushrooms pizza with parmesan, arugula and balsamic syrup
Thai coconut curry on basmati rice.
Beef with broccoli
Fried Mangrove Snapper
Hand breaded shrimp and zucchini ready for dipping!
Filet au Poivre French nod to haricot vert and black truffle pomme purée
Mushroom, rosemary, and feta pizza I made with my dad
St. Patty’s Day Low and Slow beef roast, carrots, onions, potatoes, with fried cabbage and cornbread.
truffle arrabbiata spaghetti.
Breakfast sandwich of ham, eggs, and cheddar on seed and nut bread.
Mango thai curry with chicken and rice
Roast Chicken
Butter eye Pullas
Schnitzel and spaetzle with gravy
Smoked chicken caprese pizza.
Ribeye with creamy shallot and garlic sauce
an “omakase” bowl
Birthday Chocolate Cake.
Lasagna with a crispy top
Super FUDGY chocolate orange brownies
Halloumi burger with roasted veg
Memphis Bourbon Caramel Cake
Carolina Reaper Infused Honey
Gluten free baked mac n cheese with chicken and broccoli
Chicken Meatballs in Mushroom Sauce
Fried egg, applewood-smoked bacon, and cheddar cheese on toast
Ovocné Knedlíky (Fruit Dumplings)
dutch oven beef stew
pot roast, mashed potatoes and peas with gravy tonight
Many Meatpackers, Other Food Workers Still Waiting for Vaccines - Insurance Journal
banana pancakes.
Lobster and Waffle!
Squirrel dumplings.
Roasted butternut squash and chanterelle mushroom soup with maple venison sausage
Tofu And Rice.
read basket, lettuce with seaweed powder, soy sauce rice with a homemade sauce, 48 months aged iberico ham, wood smoked bacon, and garlic butter
Adzuki bean (Japanese red bean) paste bread
One-pot lasagna
Mint Julep in Frosty Cup
Everything bagel donuts filled with bacon scallion cream cheese
cookie
Barbecue Pulled Pork on a Low Carb Bun.
Pan seared chicken breast, spinach and cilantro sauté, steamed beans and baby corn, orange juice, and Lal Salaam sauce by Chef Gautam Krishnakutty
Triple Stack Sandwich
Tonight’s menu: Pepsi Roast!
Grilled lamb chops.
I made ribs in a crock pot
Relaxing Slime Compilation ASMR | Oddly Satisfying Slime ASMR Videos #32
Bread with passion.
chicken fajita soup
Chicken Parmesan with Basil
Honey root veg
Best Sunday ever!
Pork nabemono.
2 loaves of 6-strand Challah
Dry Brined Turkey
spicy pork stew
Made some Bibimbap! :)
“homemade” chili cheese dogs with mustard.
Meatball + Merlot = Love
Alsi pini
Chocolate pie
Venison Chorizo Penne Lasagna
Apple Cider Carmel Muffins
Vegan köfte
Cinnamon Candied Peanuts
500g Rump steak with mashed potatoes and veggies
Medium rare , aged black angus ribeye.
Israeli chocolate rugelach
Fried crappie
Made my four year old a  spooky dinner
Lasagna!
Cottage Pie for Christmas
Made these  lemon tarts of my own recipe
Mooncakes!
Grass-fed, butcher steak, all the way from Nebraska to Bulgaria. Dear Lord what have I done...
Satay Gai
grilled turkey ham and cheese on sourdough
Pork steak with onions and carrots.
Shrimp Doria
Cast Iron Chicken, mashed potato &amp; garlicky Chard.
Whole slow-roasted Picanha
galbi (갈비), dotorimuk(도토리묵) and a hundred banchan (반찬).
Homegrown miniature tomatoes
Zucchini Lemon pancakes with apricots, garden grown tomatoes, and blueberries.
Tuna Tataki with Harusame noodles, but it looks like a cocktail.
bacon/mozzarella omelette
English toast
Baked jalapeño poppers
Steak Fries Taco Nacho Kind of Thing
Fig Panacota
Mediterranean Striped Bass &amp; a side of Ginger Citrus Scallops
banana, peanut butter and oats muffins
Japchae with ribeye!
Biscuits...I've never been more pleased
Garlic Powder vs. Garlic Salt .... What’s the difference and when would you use one over the other?
nothing says I love you like Haggis fried rice!
White Chocolate Easter Egg Cupcakes
Baked parmesan eggplant
BBQ'd terriyaki chicken breast with parmesan &amp; garlic zucchini.
How to make  Spam Musubi | easy and basic
Dinner is served
Finger millet flatbread - Gluten free
veggie sushi bowls with sriracha mayo
pan seared scallops, sauteedoyster mushrooms, butternut squash puree, cranberry puree, toasted pistachios
Made some ratatouille!
Sweet potato and mozzarella poppers...
Beef stew with crispy potatoes
Banana Walnut Bread
Chicken Stew
No-Fail Macaron
Pumpkin pie
Turkish art barbecue
chicken biriyani
Goetta between two Krispy Kreme doughnuts with egg and cheese. Worth it.
bacon and swiss cheeseburger topped with home-smoked pulled pork on brioche
Fresh Egg Noodles
(Literal) God-Tier brandied fruitcake from the Nuns of New Skete
lemon &amp; thyme stuffed brook trout roasted over broccolini, potatoes, and ham.
Sheet pan nachos. Ground beef cooked in a jalapeno honey BBQ sauce
German veal ragout 'Eingemachtes Kalbfleisch'
John Witherspoon makes Poor Man's Gumbo
The Big Salad
Honey Lavender Cheesecake
Bison New York Strip Steak Medium Rare
Pljeskavica (serbian pork burger, you can get a two hundred gram pljeskavica for under 2$)
Eggplants Parmigiana - Typical Italian Entree in the Summer months. Delish!
salted caramel pretzel cheesecake. Absolutely HAD to have it after coming across another post.
surf and turf Poutine
Garlic Herb Butter
Pickled Brussels Sprouts
Butter chicken, garlic rice and buttery naan
Chef salad.
Mexican pizza at local pizzeria
Cheese quesadilla and salsa
Steak, Chick thighs and potatoe
Palak Paneer
summer macarons
French Toast Bake
Sri Lankan grill fish
sausage and herb stuffing and mashed potato patty, turkey gravy, fried egg, and herb butter roasted turkey for breakfast
Sichuan Noodles
Coconut Curry - YUM
Flammkuche
Unlabeled freezer meet. Sous vide 134 for 5 hours.
Lasagna and salad
🍎 🥧 🍏
braised beef flatbread
Breakfast Spread
Homestyle S.O.S. w/ over medium eggs
Moroccan Krachel Brioche
rainbow cake
paprika chips
egg fried cauliflower rice
Pasta with stirred vegetables and shrimps
blueberry-Grand Marnier truffle.
Garlic Spaghetti Pasta / Spaghetti Aglio e Olio
French Omelette with bacon and white toast.
Cream of mushroom soup is a favorite in our house because of the abundance and variety of wild mushrooms we are blessed with almost all year round in the Pacific Northwest, at local farmer's markets and grocery stores. Learn how to make this amazing creamy and yet low-fat soup...
Thanksgiving by ourselves. Pernil (pork shoulder), Gravy, Oven Roasted Broccoli, mashed potatoes, Hokkaido Rolls, Sauteed Spinach and Salad w/ Lemon Dressing.
Big Mac pizza
strawberry-based dessert
Yorkshire Puddings
Aguachile!
New Years Eve Short Ribs with fresh pasta
Lemon Meringue Tartlets
Challah French Toast!
Loaf of Bread
Mutton Karahi Curry Chevon Pakistan and Indian Recpie, check out the recipe on youtube
Beef stir fry with Asian style pickles
baked jicama fries and ranch
Chinese Fried Rice
veggie shredded beef hash
Philippine Chicken Adobo
Grilled steak, chicken, and shrimp skewers
Feijoada!
cured egg yolk burger.
https://cutt.ly/kjHzntw
Shrimp and Crab Penne Pasta in a Light Cream Sauce
Destrua os itens da APPLE para fazer um sanduíche - Cozinhando Asmr Mukb...
Delicious Spring Rolls in Thailand
tofu flower cheesecake
German Chocolate Creme Pie
Baked Potato w/BBQ Sour Cream and Chives
pizza with slow ferment dough
crepes with Nutella and chocolate
What are the names of the food in this picture? Idk just saw this on a random post and looks really tasty.
Lechon
Cinnamon Rolls made with added Xmas mince pie filling
I'm pretty happy with how this panino and pasta salad turned out. My food photography skills could use a little work though.
My attempt at fatboy smash patty sliders.
Stuffed crust pizza for Pi Day!
Texas sheet cake
Batter-fried jumbo shrimp tossed in hot wing sauce
Soft Pretzels with Vegan Cheese Dip!
Chicken parmesan w/ linguini and white wine
Peter Luger bone in ribeye I got for my birthday!
Southern Fried Chicken Bites Loaded Cheesy Fries w/ Sriracha Mayo
Frycake
Bacon Pepperjack deer burgers, fries with Sriracha ketchup, and fresh fruit.
"Baby you can Chive my car" Burger
bread paneer pakora
Tartine Sourdough
Canjeero, Sega Tibs, Gomen, Ayib, Misir Wat, Azifa, and Fasolia.
Napoleon cake
Olive oil cakes for my coworkers
Curry noodles w/ fried Shrimp, egg, garlic chips &amp; coconut-Lemongrass broth
Butter popcorn, some cookies, and a glass of milk.
I cooked some microwave bacon I left out of fridge overnight. Is it still good?
Thanksgiving leftovers calzone
bream with pomegranate and walnut
BBQ beans with chicken
Low carb Burger Wraps
Crab dip
Healthy strawberry cheesecake
Grilled Beef Rib Roast (Medium Rare)
Just made some homemade bacon egg pie for lunch! tonight ill be making some shepherd's pie.
Freshly Homemade Mozzarella with Only White Vinegar and No Rennet
#dessert # sweet Besan ladoo | Sweet delight
Pickled Carolina Reapers
Roasted Pork Loin
Carne Asada Tacos w/Diablo Sauce
Apple turnovers 🍏
Masala Rice | Spicy Rice | Indian Meal - Easy to make - #FoodParadiso
Smoked turkey
cataplana
Would You Like to Know Exactly What to Eat to Lose Fat and Get Healthy Without Giving Up Your Favorite Foods or Starving Yourself?
maple bacon, caramelised onion, Spicy Monterey Jack cheese &amp; spicy mayo on Turkish bread toasty.
Pig Shaped Custard Bun Dim Sum
pickled chanterelles, poached pear and arugula salad.
basmati stuffed bell peppers with Dahl-inspired baked butter beans
Chocolate &amp; Strawberry Smoothie
baked cabbage
Yesterday my mom and I spent all day making meat patties and today when I bake them they exploded. The taste was still very good.
Lamb shawarma, chicken shawarma, fried cauliflower, hummus with falafel, and pita.
spaghetti with Italian sauce and mixed bell peppers, mushroom, and onion with fried salmon
Korean Blood Sausage Soup, Pork Cutlet, and Assorted Banchan!
wonton soup
Chicken teriyaki
a breakfast sandwich made like Sam the cooking guy from youtube! SO GOOD!
Belated Halloween pumpkin cheesecake
Chicken Paprikash
Lamb Birria
Taco au gratin with nachos, pickled onion and salad.
Tonkotsu ramen with chashu pork, marinated egg, and black garlic
Cast iron chicken pot pie
wagyu tartare on a cracker.
Trader Joe's Snack Board
Calories in 1 package(s) of Healthy Choice Tortellini Primavera.
prime NY strip and lobster tail. Bottle of Caymus not pictured
Beef Wellington with smashes potatoes, carrots, red wine sauce and horseradish cream for Christmas dinner
Popeye's new chicken sandwich
Grilled chicken wings, Seafood Boil, lemon/garlic butter, salad.
veggie pizza!
veggie pizza
Caviar
Rugelach
Air Fried Chinese Salt &amp; Pepper Chicken
Santa Maria NY Strip Steak
fish dip
Instant Noodles.
chocolate tart! Chocolate graham crust, chocolate filling, chocolate ganache topping. I call it, death by chocolate
Beef steak with garden salad
Bacon cheeseburger in a Ciabatta roll.
Pork Roast and Veggies
Red thai curry and coconut milk soup with wontons and egg noodles
McRib Deluxe
Sun-dried tomato, basil, and garlic pizza.
Curry Pad Thai
Mexico City style pambaso
shengjianbao (pan fried soup dumplings)
Charcuterie board and cocktails
CORONA CURRY with MASK NAAN! Served in Indian restaurant..
crisp pierogi
Sourdough English Muffins
My first attempt at a soufflé omelette. Soooo soft and jiggly!
BBQ pork Banh Mi
'Western Bacon Burger' with beer battered onion rings on also homemade brioche buns
Stir Fried Noodles
Key Lime Cheesecake
paneer tikka, Egg curry and a garlic naan.
Braised Shortrib v2
Oreo Funfetti Birthday Cake
Lobster tails out of the broiler and ready to go to plate
Peri Peri Chicken 🥳 getting my nandos fix
Feta DipLemon Cake filled with Lemon Curd and Lemon Buttercream Icing
Peach crumble
"" Pasta bolognese (vegan) recipe
Avocado Toast
Short Rib Wellington
Strawberries (Elan kind) from this summer, biological balcony garden, so proud how perfect and tasty they look! Kids love nibbling them fresh from the plant.
Monterey Jack Quinoa Bake
Chicken Parmesan &amp; Veggies!
Pork belly &amp; smoked turkey sandwich with a grilled cheese in the middle.
egg fried rice, by my talented Man
air fried pork egg rolls
Mini Quiche
Old Bay seasoned crab cake on toasted sourdough
Croissants &amp; bread from our local bakery
Empanadas and Roasted Stuffed Bell Peppers
Slow-Roasted Hellfire Ribs with Garlic Green Beans and Mashed Potatoes
Baked Ricotta Cheesecake
my mom made me an absolutely gorgeous chocolate cake with genache and raspberry filling
So với các dòng máy xay thịt chuyên dụng thì máy xay thịt cá 1100W được nhiều khách hàng lựa chọn nhờ khả năng xay nhuyễn thịt trong thời gian ngắn. #máyxay110w #máyxaythịtcá1100w #máyxaythịtcábếpđỏ
Food distribution doesn't skip a beat - The Garden Island
Chicken Cutlets via deep fry
Sticky, Sweet, &amp; Spicy Gochujang Chicken Wings
Pecan Pie with whipped cream.
Tulsa Torpedo
Intеrmіttеnt Fаѕtіng Weight Lоѕѕ: Whаt Makes Intеrmіttеnt Fаѕtіng Different? Intеrmіttеnt fаѕtіng wеіght lоѕѕ іѕ one оf thе mоѕt еffесtіvе wауѕ tо ѕhеd оff your еxtrа pounds. Thе іdеаѕ on іntеrmіttеnt fаѕtіng wеіght loss сhаllеngе most оf thе рrеvіоuѕlу held bеlіеfѕ оn lоѕіng.
How to Make  White Hot Chocolate
Cheddar baby boule!
Schitzel “Wiener Art” mit Bratkartoffeln und Krautsalat
Crispy Buffalo Wings
young guns fish tacos oc
Shameless plugging I know! Hi Guys, I’m just trying promote my  food page. It’s a passion I have and I want to inspire other to cook!
Buttercream flower wreath cake: chocolate cake with chocolate German buttercream filling, frosted with caramelized white chocolate Swiss meringue buttercream
Breakfast Poached Egg on Avocado, Basil Pesto over a Bagel
Dutch Baby from Sunday Brunch
Wild Blueberry Pie!
Apple Cider Doughnuts
garlic butter brioche hot dog bun with sesame seeds and truffle salt
Sourdough Pretzel
Prime strip steak dinner.
Fries with cheese, bacon, onion and gravy
Korean samgyeopsal, dumpling soup, spicy soybean paste and tofu soup, and kimchi fried rice
BBQ chicken leg quarter with mashed potatoes and oven roasted mushrooms
Pho
Steak topped with chimmichuri and hand rolled gnocchi with sundried tomato pesto
Japanese A5 Wagyu
Attempt at  Beef Wellington
Spicy Corn and Black Bean Salad
The Easiest Frying Bread-Frying Bread With Feta Recipe
steak and kimchi lo mein
Which Are Most Expensive Omakase Menus In The World?
Congee

pork loin with mushrooms, sweet potato and fried egg
UAE expats harassed in viral video, 4 men arrested - Khaleej Times
Biscoff Cookie by Bread &amp; Butterz
creamy chicken and mushroom pasta with garlic bread
Salmon croquettes and oven roasted veggies
well you know wat it is dont ya
Sichuan Mabo tofu. Soba noodles with an oyster black garlic tare topped with our Vietnamese hot sauce. Stir fried vegetables with a garlic ginger sauce.
Chocolate Orange Pond Pudding
Rice bowl of bánh mì flavors with fried noodles
Venison and Pork Scotch Eggs
Chorizo con huevos
Stovetop cast-iron double cheeseburger
Star sisters: About 500 stars were born together in Theia 456, moving together - Firstpost
Mushroom stuffed croissant with fries
Fried Pickled Okra.
Sheet pan pizza with grilled chicken, roasted red peppers, red onion and a balsamic glaze
White Sandwhich Bread
Potatoes en su jugo (a riff on the carne en su jugo my dad used to make that I loved growing up). Spicy comfort food
Duck Brest, homemade plum &amp; red wine sauce, lemon roast potatoes, tenderstem broccoli &amp; asparagus
Samgyupsal, gochujang, roasted red pepper, and kesong puti pizza
Baingan ka Bharta | Brinjal fry recipe | Fried Eggplant Mash
Swedish “Fika” cinnamon cardamom buns
Cherry smoked whole chickens stuffed with orange and lemon
Tortilla pizza with Veggies &amp; Cheese.
a bowl of beef broth stewed ramen
Pizza pls do not ban me xd
MN wild rice soup
Butter Pecan Cookies
Potatoes soup. (vegan). Cheddar, cream, chili powder, onion, garlic, celery, vegetable stock soup. Garnish of jalapenos marinated in lime juice, scallions, cilantro, smoked paprika
Flour, sugar, butter and 2.5 days of prep/work to enjoy  croissants for New Years breakfast. Here's to 2021!
Roasted butternut squash seeds
Champ--Irish Mashed Potatoes with scallions and loads of butter.
baked jicama fries and a homemade vegan ranch
Deconstructed Steak Sandwich
Manny's Corned Beef Sandwich Is A Chicago Icon
Shrimp barbecue
Almond pear pie recipe / recette de la tarte aux poires amandine
olive wagyu steak with sautéed carrots and mashed butternut squash
Baked mac n cheese with chicken and broccoli
Sunday Brunch
Chocolate Torte
Lemon Blueberry Cake
Blackberry toast
Big Batch of Papas con Chorizo this morning
dipping ramen
Roast beef sandwich with horseradish chips
Chocolate coffee macarons
Mac and cheese grilled cheese on garlic bread toast and butternut squash soup
Florida stone crab claws
Blistered cherry tomatoes, garlic and pesto on cheese melted, toasted naan. Topped with fresh basil and black pepper.
Thai Beef Drunken Noodles w/ Plenty of 🌶 (Pan Fried Spring Rolls On Side)
cheddar cheese biscuits
burnt basque cheesecake
Turkey, ginger and garlic meatballs slow cooked in homemade tomato sauce
My Biggest Board Wasn’t Big Enough
Cast iron pan pepperoni pizza
Duck Parmentier
overnight Irish stew, will update later
Bun Bo Xao
Cinnamon Sugar Blondies
Rise Of Variants Sparks Push For All-In-One Coronavirus Vaccines - NDTV
Cooking fried cutlet, with ham and cheese!
no bake OREO cheesecake
Making fajitas tonight!
Covid's devastation of Black community used as 'marketing' in new anti-vaccine film - NBC News
Hot cocoa and white chocolate mix with muffins and butter cookies
Sesame Street cupcakes
Nutella
Pastel de manzana y Canela
I The best KETO Diet recipie for "" -2020, for wellness and long healthy life.
Shawarma-Inspired Chicken
some chanterelles I hade to use for sth and I made strudl out of them. Here they are.
orange glazed duck breast and pan roasted rosemary potatoes
Chocolate Chip Cookies with buttercream frosting
Bang Bang Shrimp!
lasagne with spinach, ricotta and beef stew
Chili Chees Fries
Carrot cake cheese wheel
Ribs and Roasted Broccoli.
beef gite (slow cooking)
Football Sunday nachos.
s’mores tart
Salmon in Teriyaki Sauce with Pak Choi
fried chicken with fried plantains and spring rice
I decided to cook myself a diner style breakfast with a bonus side of queso fresco. As a busy university student sometimes it’s nice to make my breakfast a bit extra on a weekday.
Southern style macaroni and cheese!
iberico pluma pork
Steak sandwich on freshly baked bread!
Black Spaghetti
canned sausages
Double smash burger on a homemade milk bun
Chocolate Raspberry Cake
Quesadilla from Taco Eurf
Waffle with whipped cream and raspberries, sausage patty.
Sous vide ribeye with roasted beets, carrots, and peppers with bearnaise sauce
pasta as a midnight snack 😍
Viral: A 2008 Video Of Elon Musk. He Was Broke, Tesla Was Losing Money - NDTV
Potato/Cauliflower/Carrot/Parsnip soup
Pasta e Ceci.
' "Radish recipes in telugu|Radish chutney in telugu|Radish curry in telugu...
cheese cake raspberry swirl
(Homemade) Sri Lankan Hoppers with Chicken Curry and Lunumiris
IRFC Q3 results: Net profit rises 16% to ₹2,934 cr, declares dividend of ₹1.05 per share - Mint
មឹកឆាជាមួយពងទាប្រៃ | How To Make Fried Squid With Salted Egg | ปลาหมึกผั...
Usually, we host a NYE party with friends. We weren't together this year, but we still went all out on the charcuterie board.
Desi style masala french toast!
Samosas
Triple Cream
Cajun BBQ pork ribs
Picadillo, roasted plantains, buttered yucca, with black beans and rice
Mushroom Risotto and Petit Filet with Black Truffle
Chipotle Chicken Burrito Salad Bowl
3 pound burger (onion for scale)
Waygu brisket
apparently my  bread is satisfying
Thumbprint Cookies
Butter Chicken
Pokebowl with bulgogi inspired ground beef, soy marinated egg, julienned carrots, pickled ginger and sprouts.
one ingredient pinto bean soup. Super nom. Super easy. Super cheap.
Crunchwrap
Mediterranean plate (rice, beef w/ spinach and onion, tomatoes, hummus, feta cheese and pita bread)
smoke cooked chicken and homemade bread with some juicy salad
strawberry donuts
pasta with an egg
bagels: round four....getting better
Dosa Burrito
chicken pot pie with mashed potatoes on top.
Chicken Katsu Sandwich on Homemade Milkbread w/ Japanese Curry Poutine
Hot Cocoa Bombs
Ballpark-Style Sloppy Joes
The top tier is a strawberry cake with creamcheese frosting, the bottom tier is coffee flavored cake with carmel frosting. There are chocolate strawberries on top and chocolate coved coffee beans on the bottom with heath decorating the bottom.
Recipes Ideas for burgers and salad
Baby back rips with creamy parmesan mash
avocado toast X lasagna X eggplant parm

Chicken Stuffed Sizzler
Boom! Pot Roasted!
Fried Catfish, Black Eyed Peas &amp; Cornbread
Maple Bac'n Donuts
World’s Hottest Gummybear
browned butter and honey salmon with fried potatoes and asparagus
321 method for the ribs, smoked Mac and ruined the broccoletti, oh well.
Momofuku's Bo Ssam
Spicy Pad Thai
I would have done the same...
Reverse-seared Porterhouse
Menemen
Greek Gyros, surprisingly very easy to make.
a new taste in Palakkadan Matta Rice. I have visitede my friend's house two days ago and his mother insisted me to try this new palakkadan matta rice brand. It was awesome and made my day.
bacon avocado toast
Tasty Spring Roll
Christmas Dinner
$7 of beef bones = 4 gallons of pho! first time doing it properly where i dry roasted the spices. Gonna simmer it for like 3 days.
Sausage &amp; bacon pasta bake
Reverse seared New York steak and veggies plus store bought dessert!
Meatballs
A yummy Gambino’s King Cake!
Gingerbread Cookies All Ready to Hand Out
cast iron T-bone with garlic sage butter and mashed baked potatoes.
an açaí bowl.
A triple threat, penne vodka with chicken Buffalo mozzarella sticks, garlic knots and chicken bacon ranch calzone.
Latkes w/ Chives
Crab risotto (with truffle oil)
Cream Puffs
Engagement Cake for my bro’s engagement. It’s all cake and buttercream frosting with fresh flowers.
Hotdogs! In the style of “dirty dogs” from Chef Roy Choy. Slight mods but I liked them a lot. (Northern Canada so resources in March are limited)
this sandwich of roast turkey, provolone, lettuce, tomato, and mayo
cheeseburger pizza
App User Research Survey
Spicy Chicken Burger with Potato Galette and Crispy Bacon
.CÓ TIN NỔI KHÔNG?!!? Dùng Đồ TENNIS Chế Biến Nên Món Bánh Táo Thơm Ngon...
Deviled Eggs
Ramen and Chicken Karaage.
Lasagne!!
Gnocchis ❤
honey suckle syrup :))
Carpaccio with Focaccia
Chicken Wings tossed in Sweet and Spicy Carolina Reaper Barbecue Sauce
Local delicata squash with fresh lemon thyme and onions
Buttered and Broiled Lobster with Scalloped Au Gratin Potatoes and Roasted Asparagus
Ribeye and garlic mash potatoes
Charcuterie done by an amateur
Croque monsieur
Dinner rolls/Paav
steak topped with chimichurri with garlic bread and mashed potatoes
Teriyaki Steak Tips with Roasted Brussels Sprouts &amp;  Home-fries.
pizza dough
Beef Birria Quesadillas with Consomé
Mojo Prawns
Jasmine rice, orange beef stir fry, bok choy and fried egg.
Cookies 'n Cream Ice Cream

Rosemary apple jam, peanut butter, and bacon sandwich on fresh bread.
Offset your vehicle emissions.  Co2
Simple and delish salad
Korean kalbi, grilled baby bok Choy and asparagus, and rice.
a Bacon Cheeseburger with Onion Rings
Grilled Cod Tacos
Penne Pasta with Minced Lambb
Finnish Pulla and cinnamon buns
Lemon Pound Cake with Cranberry Sauce
Cranberry Orange Biscotti
Halloween ribeye bone-in
salted cod pasta with fresh tomato and roasted vegetables
Chongqing spicy chicken (AKA Sichuan la zi ji)
Lego Kitchen: Гамбургер от Губки Боба !! Ты можешь поверить - ACMP cтоп ...
Beef tongue with queso cheese
Gut Health And Type-2 Diabetes Risk: Expert Decodes The Link - NDTV
sweet and tangy Orange Chicken!
Sicilian cannolis
Christmas Flan
Indian rotis and mutter panneer(Peas and cottage cheese curry)
Dutch Apple Pie
Smoked Meatballs
Asian Noodles So yami
Sous vide reverse seared NY Strip with garlic thyme compound butter
leftover Tantanmen Ramen
Chicken Tikka Masala with Garlic Naan
Buttery pasta all’amatriciana
Apple Stickers, Straws: Archaeologists Discover 2,000 Plastic Pieces at Historic Site in Wales - News18 Spanakopita (spinach pie) with feta cheese
Kyrgyz Katama (swirled caramelized onion flatbreads)
I will be glad if you follow my Instagram page where I share food related things.
Turkey dumpling soup
Jeff Bezos, Amazon's founder, will step down as CEO - Moneycontrol.com
Obligatory In N Out money shot (Prescott Valley, AZ)
Achaari stuffed Potatoes
potato chips
Ribeye W/edamame &amp; mashed taters
steak and an egg
Green Onion Pancake
Happy Turkey day!
French onion soup topped with fried pearl onions
Peach crisp cheesecake jars 🍑🔥  of course!
Burrata with roasted acorn squash over a bed of arugula mixed with honey, white balsamic, salt and pepper. Topped with candied pecans and a fig balsamic glaze!  More food content like this on my foodstagram @queerandcooking
prawns in tamarind caramel, sticky pork thighs with pickle chillies and a Vietnamese salad
winery spatchcock chicken skillet
Medianoche
Pastrami
smoked brisket.
A blood orange and yogurt with turmeric, flaxseed and fruit.
Apple Fritter Croissant Bread
Pub Mac-N-Cheese w/Bacon at Historic Brewing Company in Flagstaff, AZ
Carrot cake
blueberry cake
Simple Scrambled Eggs.
Halloumi Pasta
spaghetti with homemade meatballs and garlic ricotta toast
orange tarte à la Claire Saffiz
Wheat Rolls
beef with boxty.
Gurdats (stuffed mushrooms)
chicken loempia
Corn tortilla
Salami pizza
Chinese Feast for Christmas Dinner
My Attempt on making Beef Wellington
Linguine Pomodoro
Shrimp Ramen Noodles
Lobster Roll with Onion Rings
Sam's Coney Stew &amp; Lembas Bread
Honey Garlic Ribs
cookies
Donuts: Chocolate with jam filling and raspberry with lemon curd filling.
Spoooky Black velvet Halloween cake
Mango Coconut Tilapia on Bootleg Seasoned Brussel Sprouts
Special power Drink!
Taco Bell inspired homemade Crunchwrap Supreme
Shakshuka with ciabatta bread.
Ozoni, for good luck and good health
American Chinese takeout
Sheet pan fajitas
pan fried chicken thighs, roasted broccoli, and white rice
garlic-roasted rabe / pumpkin, raw milk cream cheese and sour-dough
American Hot Chocolate Recipe
Egg Scramble
Cheesy loaded margarita pizza! 🍕
Traditional Japanese New Year’s ‘Osechi’
Garlic naan, guac, barbacoa, soft scrambled eggs and salsa verde. Despite the cultural confusion, it was unbelievably good. All homemade except the naan (from TJs).
Egg White with Pork Belly on Toast
Rosemary Parmesan Shortbread and Chocolate Chip Shortbread
Broccoli Cheddar Quiche
I NEVER cook and somehow got the motivation to make Pozole. Not a attempt I must say :)
Jack O’ Lantern Stuffed Peppers
Challah My SO Baked.
Lamb Vindaloo
Chicken Dumplings from Elder Scrolls Coolbook
had brown rice, pork chops, roasted potatoes and butternut.
Steak tacos
Burns Supper - haggis, neeps and tatties
Sourdough toast with butter and honey
corn flour-covered small chicken pieces with coriander.
Traditional Shakshouka
Steak with pepper sauce and mashed potatoes
BBQ Apple, garlic, caramelized onion, arugula, feta pizza and cheese pizza
Crispy Popcorn Chicken
Chocolate Christmas Cookies 🍪🍪🍪
One Toast Is Plenty
bite sized desserts
Turkey roulade, braised cabbage, mashed potatoes, sweet potatoes, sprouts, pigs in blankets, peas, and yorkshires.
Pumpkin Pie Turkeys
Easter- Jelly Beans Galore
beetroot salad with goat cheese, orange, and pistachio.
Chana masala
Cinnamon Raisin Sourdough French Toast
Got up early to bake my Rosemary and salt focaccia after a 14 hour overnight prove
Flambe duck breast, cabbage, parsley, pickled mushrooms, mushroom puree, and whisky sauce
Pizza Bagels
Carrot and coriander soup for lunch. Didn’t make the ciabatta tho
Sous vide tomahawk steak with potato mash, broccoli, asparagus and chimichurri
Apple “nachos”. Sliced Granny Smiths with caramel, chocolate chips and sauce, whipped cream and crushed peanuts.
Green Pea Radiatore
Old Bay sautéed shrimp over red lentil pesto with gorgonzola balsamic glaze
Pistachio cake with pistachio buttercream, lemon curd, and white chocolate cookie crumbs
iced lemon loaf
salmon sushi
I made Brown Butter and Toffee Chocolate Chip Cookies
Miso Beef Ramen with Bok Choy.
Steak quesadilla. Or maybe a big taco?
lemon Rosemary and honey sous vide Duck, with greens
Pulled Pork minis
Back when we were in vacation I cooked this fried chicken with Hispanic yellow rice and pasta salad
RAMEN - 16 hour marinated pork belly, 12 hour marinated boiled egg, soy sauce charred spring onions, homemade noodles and a healthy dash of sweet corn all in a 36 hour brewed chicken, pork and veg stock 🤤
Pickles, seaweed salad, pickled onions
Eheheheh who got hungry?
Leg of lamb for christmas dinner
Roast beef
chicken sausage, bacon, egg, potato, sour cream, and pico de gallo breakfast burrito
Stuffed tenderloin of beef, carrots, green beans, and mashed potatoes
Chicken Wings
grandmas cheese cake
Drunken Noodles with shrimp, pork belly and tofu.
air fryer Korean fried chicken
Garlic-Butter Steak Salmon
Mapo Tofu! Cameo by Cute-ass Panda Mug!
Braided bread from The Elder Scrolls Skyrim cookbook!
cherry pie
chicken and chorizo low-carb pasta
Key Lime Pie
Steak with onions, potato wedges and roasted vegetables
Cinnamon rolls with cream cheese frosting
Roasted butternut squash soup 🍁🍁🍂🍂
White Cornmeal-Crusted Tilapia and Scalloped Potatoes with Onions
Strawberries and Cream Paczki
assortment of homemade goodies from March-Dec
Oyster mushrooms with chimichurri and herb roasted potatoes with garlic aioli
cheeseburgers (and buns!)
My solo thanksgiving treat
Afternoon Meal!
Bacon-wrapped Filet Mignon and Lobster Tail
I bought peppers for my garden, and there’s was a mix up in the packaging. Ended up with these guys (very spicy and kind of sweet before the spice comes in). I was wondering what they were and I thought I’d ask here(even if it’s not technically food).
this perfect poached egg.
Keto Friendly Pot Roast
French toast from Blu Jam Cafe in Los Angeles
Stuffed Tuna Jumbo Croissant
Pumpkin Ricotta Pancakes with Maple Cinnamon Whipped Cream
Lilac Chèvre ice cream
Chicken and waffles
Chicken Ramen
Beef Massaman Curry. Recipe to follow!
Meatball Sliders
Pumpkin spice latte
Mel i mató
Lasagna, before and after.
Oysters Half Shell.
Homemade pancakes with blueberry yogurt and syrup. Am I the last to figure out yogurt on pancakes is amazing?
A Cookie Bouquet (lemon and milk chocolate chip)
Breakfast sausages
Slow-braised Beef Short Ribs with Radish and Egg in Earthy Bone Broth
Chorizo, Egg, Beans, and Cheese Breakfast Tacos
Shawarma
Garden fresh ranch dressing
Mixed greens with pomegranate, manchego, roasted chicken, and pumpkin seeds
Swiss stuffed burger with grilled onions and mushrooms.
Bourbon Pecan &amp; Milk Chocolate Christmas Cracker Candy
Mushroom and Chicken Risotto
How To Make The CRISPIEST SAMOSAS At Home | Indian Street Food
Shrimp Burgers
how do you like your Steak cooked?!
kimchee scrambled egg and ham toastie
Vodafone Idea Q3 results: Net loss at ₹4,532 crore, slight jump in revenue - Mint
Chik Fil A Spicy Chicken Sandwich
Korvapuustia
Almond Flour Crepes (would be Keto without the powdered sugar)
Valentines day white chocolate cheesecake
Fresh Korean Eel
Mongolian stewed beef
Red Velvet &amp; Cheesecake Birthday Cake
Tomahawk
Turmeric Pasta Noodles
Cajun Shrimp &amp; Chicken Pasta (Sauteed chicken, shrimp, red bell peppers in a spicy Cajun Alfredo sauce, Parmesan-Romano and fettuccine)
Gobi Manchurian
Tempura of zucchini, pumpkin, mushroom, bell pepper and fish fillets; Hanjuku egg; Cold soba noodles —&gt;
Pappardelle with marinara sauce and mutton meat balls. Very savoury!
Classic Grilled Ham &amp; Cheese with Tomato Soup
Leftover smoked prime rib with au ju dipped toasted bun and horseradish sauce
Fried chicken, egg, &amp; bacon w/ special sauce on Texas toast
Italian meatballs fried and baked
Smoked BBQ Pulled Pork on Toasted Sourdough
I Made My First Cinnamon Rolls
Green Gruel | A High Protein Meal
Classic Swedish cinnamon buns
Cinnamon &amp; Brown Sugar and Raspberry Amaretto Pop Tarts.
some very good sausages
Taiwanese beef noodle soup
red chicken mole poblano with Mexican rice and Peruvian beans from Sabroso! Mexican Grill in Garden Grove, CA
four different leftovers in a container = meal prep?
Stir-fry noodles
"" Sage &amp; Browned Butter Ravioli
Fattoush
Black bean tostadas
Vegetarian "the soup"
Shoyu Ramen With Hamburger
potée auvergnate
It's a good day to make a few New Mexico red chile pork tamales.
Cinnamon Rolls (No Yeast)
Sunday Roast Beef Dinner
soft sugar cookies with buttercream frosting
corn flour lemon chiffon cake.
Filet Mignon &amp; Spicy Mango Shrimp
Avocado pizza seasoned with salt &amp; pepper
Taiwanese mixed noodle with minced meat and garnishes
Weekend BBQ. Rack of Ribs Pork Butt; Sous Vide and Grilled. Each seasoned with Salt, Pepper, Garlic Powder and marinaded in NOH Hawaiian BBQ Sauce.
Stacked Chicken Enchiladas with Mole Poblano
Jacques Pepin's Eggs Jeannette
Christmas lunch: Risotto with asparagus and taleggio
Spicy Chicken Meal Prep
Squash and goat fried mac with marinara and jalapeno aioli.
Harvest Pork Stew
Cookies and Cream Cake
Smoked ground beef from a friend’s farm, American cheddar, caramelized onion, bacon, pickle, mustard, fry sauce(ketchup mayo Tabasco)
bbq chicken pizza with garlic bread crust
Babcia’s pierogi.
Spaghetti with green beans
Gingerbread biscuits
Roast Lamb Shoulder
rosemary roast chicken thigh
Super loaded baked potato
garlic Parmesan salmon with white wine asparagus, spinach and cream cheese puff pastries, and vodka sauce pasta
Fish &amp; chips
Soft Serve Chocolate Cupcakes from Martha Stewart’s Cake Perfection
double sausage and egg muffin
Spatchcock Roast Chicken with Cornbread Dressing
boneless Snake River Farm ribeye
Blueberry Oatmeal w/Parker Co. Peaches.
matzoh ball soup
Aussie BMS 9+ wagyu sirloin, Parmesan roasted broccoli and potatoes, roasted carrots, bourbon barrel aged red wine reduction. Bring on 2021
Today I cooked pepper and onion pie with a little oil, S+P and thyme. Hot oven ~1 hour.
Ahi Tuna Bowl
chocolate brownie with salted caramel sauce and vanilla ice cream.
the biggest plate of hibachi...ever
Popcorn!
Bbq duck confit with pickled pepper vinaigrette
Garlic Shrimp Skillet Pizza
Fiery Ramen 🍜
chocolate chip cookie ice cream sandwich
Prosciutto Basil Rolled Flank Steak
Poke tuna bowl with kombu tsukudani, avocado, sake pickled cucumbers, caribe peppers, and a seasoned thickened soy sauce. Topped with Wasabi Ginger hot sauce.
A Pidan/Century Egg
Chicken shiitake mushroom potstickers
Grilled BBQ Chicken
Day before trip to the grocery store. 25 cent ramen, crispy onion, two eggs, left over chicken, and onion.
jambalaya
RIP RBG macarons
Macapuno coconut pie
Summer berry salad with chopped spinach, quinoa and avocado, topped with walnuts and lemon vinaigrette
chilaquiles
Thanksgiving for 2
5 day marinated ribeye with garden picked peppers
aged sirloin with bone marrow and mushroom sauce
beef stew
Fish with lemon cream sauce (Poisson à la crème citron to make it fancier aka just in french) with stir fry veggies (cauliflower, carrots and peas)
(Steak &amp; Potato Bulls eye BQ sauce)
I cooked a turkey.  too.
Fettuccine Puttanesca
Lamb burgers on the grill
fried buffalo chicken thigh sandwich
I had a go at u/girhinmofe German dish today how did I do as an Englishman, with spätzle which was alright but I’d like to try it from a proper German place.
I made a chocolate and espresso Babka!
Fries &amp; Onion Rings
Vegan general tso’s and Thai cucumber salad!
“Who Hash” for Christmas movie night
Baked pulled pork mac n cheese
Caramel Apple Walnut Bread
Italian Sponge Cake (Pan di Spagna) with Berry Compote
Blueberry &amp; Almond Milk smoothie bowl, topped with frozen blueberries &amp; Highkey granola.
Strawberry birthday cake
Eye fillet with mushroom jus and micro mustard garnish.
Ube Ice cream
Coq au vin.
chicago style pizza #gluten_free
Chocolate Hazelnut cream pie with Frangelico Whipped Cream
tomato chutney
Carbonara pizza
Miso Tonkotsu Ramen 🤤
Kurban Chorba (Lamb Soup) in a bread bowl
Cheese Empanadas
Potatoes roasted in butter, garlic, and chicken stock.
Strudel
Pancake with Mango Crumble
white bread
duck with black garlic and grilled asparagus.
This is one reason I love my over sized cast iron skillet.
Aglio, Olio, Peperoncino
Cesar's Salad
Cheesy muffin pancake (MuPan)
Imam Bayildi in the form of a lasagna
Garlic Butter Croissant Sandwich.
A cherry pie with a Jack Skellington design
Brisket, oxtail &amp; shrimp pho
Ethiopian Shiro Wot
Vanilla sponge cake soaked in coffee with amaretto, coffee chantilly cream and mascarpone with white chocolate cream
flank steak, tortillas, chimichurri.
Bitcoin Surges To All-Time High As Elon Musk's Tesla Invests $1.5 Billion - NDTV
- Falafel
Jade noodles
Chicken Korma, sauteed vegetables n rice
Spatchcocked! Salt brined her and set her in the fridge until Thursday!
some swedish food I made
Amish Street Food Home Fries, Slab of Ham, Sunny Sides Eggs on Toasted English Muffins
Korean inspired rice bowl
Reverse Seared Filet Mignon
red wine spiced poached pears
Turkish Pide Bread
European Hake with Curry
beef, rice, avacado and plantains
Japanese jelly.
Thanksgiving Weekend In Canada * Smoked Turkey*
Bento box inspired rice bowl
Hickory smoked Texas brisket
I make Pickles for a living!! We are offering 25% off for the entire month of March if you use code: Women Rule!! We could really use the support!!!! (We have a huge selection on the site...WWW.ThreeDogsPickles.COM
Pork ramen
cheese with tomato sauce, basil and some dough
Shrimp Scampi Risotto
Pork Belly Tacos
Animal Style Fries
Prime Ribeye
Moqueca
Eggs with ham,cheese and tomato paste with garlic,thyme and butter bread.
Poulet à l'asiatique
Kung pao chicken, dry-fried green beans, red-braised pork belly
My favourite soup.
pork buns.
Tapas
post Halloween hangover remedy
chicken
Mi Ga chicken pho
Korean Grilled Short Rib Patties, Fried Mackerel, Spicy Pork Backbone Soup, and Various Banchan
Guinness beer battered fried strawberry cheesecake bites
Hayashi rice burger
NW Roanoke community pantry hosts food drive - WSLS 10
Pecan Pie
Roasted pork Belly with crackling
spicy rice linguine bowl
crunchwrap supremes and quac
Egg noodles, chicken, pepper, tofu, bamboo, kimchi,teriyaki sauce,mayo, sesame seeds and coriander. Weird combo but looked and tasted great, cooked my me hopefully it’s good enough for this community
Pommes Anna aka Potato Galette
Raspberry Swirl Cheesecake Pop
Online Duck? Looking to  some duck for Thanksgiving. Where do I buy it?
waffles and fruit with real maple syrup and icing sugar on top
Naked beef burger with cheese, roast potatoes and a side of buttered vegetables
Seared Scallop and Mexican Corn Tacos
Grilled Cheese and Tomato Basil Soup
Bread roll with Ham and Cheese
Eggplant feta lasagne rolls!
started cooking today
Roast duck and broccoli with buttery mashed potatoes and crabcake
No bake oreo cheese cake
Good borguer
Pad Kra Pao Gai (Thai Basil Chicken) quinoa bowl
Medium Rare Steak with Greek Salad
Hash brown casserole
Honey Sriracha Salmon, White Rice and Garlic Roasted Broccoli
I’m trying to figure out how to make these but I’m having no luck finding a recipe. Any tips would be appreciated.
German dish called Rouladen
Povitica bread
Campfire meringue, bronzed chocolate, charred pineapple curd, candied pineapple, “Red crumb”
Okonomiyaki with prawns, bacon and cheese
Steak with chardonnay sauce
pasta Bolognese!
10 days dried shark, fresh crushed tomatoes and garlic toast on the side
Apple tarte tatin
potato buttermilk bread- grilled cheese, didnt make the bread
Mussels beurre blanc
Grilled Pineapple
Short Ribs and Creamy Polenta
Chocolate pie
Sandwich cucumbers in whiskers and beer
Pecan crusted chicken tenders with Carolina style BBQ sauce and fries
chicken chiles relleno with corn tortilla chips and bean dip
Pizza with cheetos and mozzarella sticks
gnocchi with sage-butter, honey and rosemary hokkaido pumpkin, goat creamcheese and pine nuts. Hope to improve photography skills soon
Cheesburger &amp; Fries
Meatloaf, smoky cheesy grits, tahini honey sweet potato spread on seeded rye bread.
Sticky cinnamon rolls with maple glaze
Lotus and Salted Egg Yolk Mooncakes
Roasting my turkey breast side down on a bed of potatoes, onions, and mushrooms.
homemade charcuterie board
Simple but amazing - homemade guac, 18 month aged cheddar, chips and pepperoni. Great game day food!!
Perfectly oven roasted turkey
Beef Jjapaguri!
Chinese Tomato Egg Stir-Fry
Chocolate Mousse Dome
Chocolate pudding mountain pie
Quick crustless quiche that uses up random things in your fridge
My attempt at a charcuterie board
Pizza with fresh basil leaves!
Homemade Pho!
Paneer Tikka
Coconut ice cream with cantaloupe
Mushroom pork Hokkien noodles
Belgian waffles with strawberry ice cream
Chicken fried steak, gravy, and asparagus.
No Churn Orange Ice Cream Cups
fusilli alla vodka
Nutella gooey cookies
beyond burger and air fryer fries
Strawberry Ice Cream Recipe || (Step-By-Step)
Pita Tsatzkiki and Gyro
Spicy Shrimp Tacos
Penne all'arrabbiata with olives, anchovies and pecorino romano aged 30 months
chicken molé enchiladas.
Hot and Healthy drink, specially for winter. We consume this daily before going to bed. If you wish to watch a short recipe video, I have posted the link in the comments section
Greek Food; Chicken with Rice and Potatoes
Two-toned ravioli with ricotta/spinach filling
Chicken and sun dried tomato tortellini alfredo
Nachos (pre microwave)
BANANA Leaf FISH
Millionaires Shortbread (doublechoc)
"Pebernødder". Traditional Danish pepper cookies. Literally: Pepper nuts". Very much a seasonal thing for Christmas. Recipe in comments.
vanilla sponge cake with creamed cream cheese icing and raspberry jam meringues for my one year old
Shepard's Pie. Savoury mince, sweet potato &amp; cheese topping
BBQ Rubbed Grilled Wings
pumpkin cheesecake!
Chicken and Prawn Pot Stickers
Korean style smoked short ribs
beer can chicken
a non traditional Christmas dinner
Gingerbread Log Cabin (in the woods)
Pizza with homemade whole wheat crust
Prawn Toast
Texas Barbecue Platter
https://ift.tt/35TYmZs
A vegan feast for one🔥Arizona has such yummy food💜
noodles
Steamed Salmon with Soy, Yuzu, Ginger and Chilli top with green onion... It was instantly devoured..
Ever made THE Soup before.. Turned out great!
Mistakes You've Probably Made When Cooking Hot Dogs
Carrot risotto
Meyer lemon cake
Fluffy pancakes with crispy bacon.
I was very fortunate to be gifted a rice maker. Any idea what brand it is? Trying to work out instructions
air fried fish with broccoli
kougin amanns
Roasted Red Pepper, Cashew, and Sungold Tomato Pizza
Chirashizushi with Yellow fin tuna I caught
Honey Chilli Potato made by  my mom
Rolls for my early thanksgiving.
Chicken Cutlet |Asiago Cheese | Olive Spread | Pesto | Roasted Pepper | Red Onion | on Trader Joe’s Tomato Parmesan Focaccia
Taco-Style Alice Potato. Roasted sweet potato covered with taco seasoned ground turkey, jalapeños, cilantro, tomato, chives, sharp cheddar, avocado, and drizzled with ranch dressing.
Jalapeno Bacon Ranch Burger
Crunch Wrap Supreme, check comments on Imgur for recipe I used.
Black forest cake with whipped cream icing.
London broil + mushrooms + mashed potatoes w/gravy + Asparagus
carbonara and brussel sprout salad
Deathstar
Cornish game hen instead of turkey this year. I like the way it came out!
Beautiful lazy rose lemon cupcakes with vanilla buttercream frosting for my friend - Pregnancy and Infant Loss Remembrance Day. 💕
Pan Pizza with mushrooms &amp; Canadian Bacon.
sourdough biscuits
Grilled Cheese Sandwich with beef, bacon, onions and fries 🤤
Lamb Moussaka
Bake lobster tails with soft pretzels and salad!
bacon wrapped stuffed cheddar avocado burger.
Pretzels Dipped in Mint White Chocolate Topped with Candy Cane
Wakame and Butadon Onigiri
Sausage, goat cheese, and pesto pizza
Mom's Famous Mini Mexican Street Taco Meal!
naan
Vegetable Tortilla Soup with a side of Fruit and Bread
Beef Nachos
Chicken Tikka
Sushi Platter
Belated holiday dinner because I’m finally covid free-lobster rolls, rare filet, roast garlic and dill mash, roasted asparagus
triple berry pie
Tonteki. (Pork loin)
Smoked Chuck
zaatar chicken cutlet / mac and cheese
Bok choy rice with smoky bacon
spatchcocked chicken
The Perfect Keto Cookbook
melomakarona
baked pasta
Garlic truffle gnocchi with roasted honeynut squash, kale, sage, and brown butter
strawberry vanilla cupcakes
Vietnamese spring rolls
Cancer patients too can take Covid vaccine, say doctors - Daijiworld.com
Pulled Pork Supreme Nachos With Cold Brew Ice Tea
Well Drank, a Bottle of Natural Wine
Cupuaçu cheesecake 😋
Lobster stuffed tilapia
Mourning dove breasts, bacon, scrambled eggs, fruit, mimosa.
Soft milk bread with purple yam
Pepperoni, onion, and bell paper pizza on homemade sauce and dough
Baked ziti made with hot Italian sausage!
Burrito bowl
Spaghetti and chicken meatballs.
The first full moon of 2021 — the "Wolf Moon" — shines bright in the sky tonight - CBS News
Strip steak with peppers, potatoes, and broccoli
pork shoulder, roasted while smothered in a blend of onion, bell pepper, chipotles en adobo, cilantro, &amp; lime juice. Served w cilantro lime rice &amp; roasted corn with cotija
How To Make Best Chicken Macaroni Easy Macaroni Recipe By...
Canadian Thanksgiving
Stuffed Veal Chop
Lamb and rice dolmades/stuffed vine leaves in
A simple chicken and bubbly breakfast, with fresh homemade damper.
New Years Beef Wellington
Christmas cookies
I ate Popeye eggs
Simple Korean-style fried chicken burger
i ate my homemade McDonalds Breakfast sandwich,
It’s a cake that looks like a candle. I love how it turned out
Garlic Butter Ribeye
We made Enchiladas!
broccoli beef
I made christmas crack!
Cheesy max pizza
Swedish Kladdkaka
Classic Cheesecake without cracking!!
Eggplant and Chickpea Curry
Choux au craquelin with salted caramel cream
Cupcake christmas tree
Lockdown Burger
Salmon patties with a mayo, capers, mustard and lemon juice dipping sauce
Heirloom tomato, olive, cranberry, black forest bacon, green onion and goat cheese tart
pork chop, mashed potatoes, corn, asparagus
red wine short ribs, mushroom, puréed potatoes, jus
Valentine’s Day chocolate covered strawberries. 🍫🍓
Hawaiian BBQ chicken + mac salad
Chicken tamales, eggs and Mexican drink Champurado
Farfalle in creamy chicken &amp; mushroom sauce
Sicilian style Pizza
Linguine with San Mariano tomatoes and poached egg
- Food, Japanese Nabe
A pork pattie sandwich.
Leftover hamburger breakfast hash
Shrimp Sushi
I made gyoza with wings. I made the gyoza and the wrappers myself too.
Spicy lasagna
Chile Rellenos
Hickory smoked pork rack
Jollof rice with fried turkey and a side of fried plantains.
Glazed pork belly
Gnocci with Pork Ragu
Chicken &amp; Butternut Squash Tikka Massala
Fruit Pizza
Chicken tinga tamales
Grill chops
Japanese A5 Wagyu Beef
shrimp filled rice balls
Pizza Roooollllllssss! And my hubby's fabulous marinara...(breakfast, lunch, and dinner for the next 2.5 days) 🤤
Slow-roasted gochujang and coconut milk chicken over baby Yukon potatoes.
3 Mushrooms Pizza with Cashew Cream "Cheese" and Vegan Nachos with Tempeh "Refried Beans"
Thandai
gooey triple chocolate brownies
Pumpkin, Zucchini and Chicken Risotto
MEATBALLS WITH TIK TOK STARS!!!
ITS ROUGH OUT HERE
sourdough toast with poached eggs, spinach, mushroom and tomato
Honey Wheat Bread with Cinnamon Sugar Swirl
Stuffin’ Muffins with Apple Fins
Burger with mushroom sauce
Roast Beef Poboy since we can’t get to New Orleans for Christmas
chili crab ramen
Deep fried gnocchi with carrot greens pesto aioli.
oyster amuse bouche
Thánh Nấu Ăn - NƯỚNG GÀ ĐỒ CHƠI ĐỂ ĂN - Crazy Chef ASMR/Unusual Stop Mo...
Pork chops with creamy mushroom gravy, garlic mashed potatoes and carrots
Making a pasta dinner with chopped garlic, onions, portobello mushrooms, ground kobe beef, and freshly shaved parmesan cheese.
Carolina style Brisket
Catfish lunch
Crispy Pork Belly for Christmas
Soft pretzels and beer cheese dip
Vanilla Pudding
Bacon and Egg roll with Fresh OJ
KLUNA TIK - DESTRUYE SIREN HEAD PARA LA CENA - Mukbang Eatign ASMR
Coffee
Almond flour crepes.
Gulab Jamun
A slice of the Cuban Pizza from Standard Pizza Co in Asheville, NC. Jalapeños, Bacon, Ricotta and Banana.
Breakfast bowl !
12 Blazin' Wings in 6 Minutes CHALLENGE!
Bangers and Mash!
Grilled Kalbi (Galbi) Beef
Chiffon cupcake with lemon curd and vanilla buttercream
strawberry ice cream!
Oumph sticky smokehouse ramen.
Charred poblano, cheese, potato, and egg taco
Elk fillet at Kiruna Ice Hotel in Sweden
Classic Pasta Carbonara
Cheesecake Stuffed Mini Pumpkin Pies with Maple Cinnamon Candied Pecans
VERY YUMMY AND CRISPY DUCK SALAD
Roasted Chicken Breast, Ham, Mayo, Olive Tapenade, &amp; Pickles on an Onion Roll
Egg Muffins
Steak and asparagus with some salad from the garden, how’s it look?
this delicious Buddha Bowl: Tasty Vegan Goodness from my favourite and only vegan restaurant in town. Never disappoints, the food is so so good. The spectacular atmosphere and staff are just so friendly.
My initial attempt to make homemade pie (strawberry rhubarb pie). I’m so proud!
Smoke, Lean Pork
breakfast tacos, with hot sauce made with peppers from the garden
Chipotle Buffalo wings with a sour cream based ranch dipping sauce.
Cheddar Boule
NAVIDAD POR EL MUNDO: Christmas food around the world - VLOGMAS DIA 15
Apple and pecan smoked trout, plated and herbed white loaf, baked Yukon gold potatoes
Chicken Parmesan Pizza
Baked Vegetables with Cheese.
cheese steak sandwich.
Japanese Curry with Tonkatsu
Chocoflan yule log
Made Hallacas this Christmas with my family. A traditional Venezuelan dish made during the holidays.
Pollo a la Brasa
India vs England, 4th Test: "He Abused Me," Says Siraj On Why Ben Stokes Was Confronted By Virat Koh.. - NDTVSports.com
My Attempt at Charcuterie!
SESAME RED BEAN STICKY RICE BALLS
Low Country (Gullah GeeChee) Shrimp and Okra with Rice
black beans with over medium eggs and avocado
Sauerkraut Hot Dogs
kolache with pumpkin spice filling 🍂
Custard, lotus paste and red bean moon cakes | 红豆， 奶黄，莲蓉的自制月饼 ​​
Rainbow Crepe Cake
Chocolate chip banana bread &amp; pumpkin chocolate chip cookies
Hand Pulled Noodles!
Eggs, avacados, oranges &amp; more 🍊
Imitation Chick-fil-a nuggets, sugar free
My fourth attempt at sourdough! It came out great!!
Steak and chips with cream pan sauce
Chocolate strawberry wontons
Crab Cake salad with Lemon Dressing
Sunday is gyoza day.
Cheesy chicken and spinach artichoke swirls made with tangzhong dough, Japanese milk bread,
Yorkshire Parkin - extra sticky and gingery deliciousness
Caribou &amp; Moose Meatballs
roasted veggie and chickpea buddha bowl with tahini chipotle dressing
Gnocchi n mussels
Bean chili
Cheese Omlette
Khlas dates from Saudi Arabia are the best! But where to find them?
Venison with cranberry-redwine sauce, red cabbage and Thüringer Klöße!
Duck à l'orange
Someone’s spying on the ...
Black Pepper Chicken Recipe
Chocolate Oreo Cheesecake
Sopa de lima y Panuchos con Agua de Chaya
Meatloaf and misozuke pickles.
Soft pretzels.
Grilled brats and fried latkes.
Leg of lamb and rosemary potatoes. Not very good at photos sorry!
Hershey's Chocolate Birthday Cake
Experiment
brown butter chocolate chip cookie with vanilla ice cream 🍦 🍪
Chinese orange chicken and fried rice
Bacon, Egg &amp; Cheese Biscuit w/ Sausage Gravy
tofu katsu curry topped with mozzerella cheese
Cashew Chicken
Thai Turkey Lettuce Wraps with Asian Slaw
Breakfast Chicken and Egg Tacos
Made a darn good steak
Rack of Lamb &amp; Asparagus
Turkey dinner with fixings
steak with garlic and Parmesan smashed potatoes and roasted asparagus
Second attempt of Chicken Kiev.
Vote for Arnaz to become to the Greatest Baker!
My dad couldn't go to Ruth's Chris for his birthday because of the Rona, so we brought the steakhouse to him!
Pot Roast and Mashed Potatoes
Indian style pizza on a gluten free crust!
Bacon &amp; Pepper Jack Burger with crispy fries, a spicy truffle aioli and paired with a Christmas Ale
Mississippi Pot Roast and Mashed Potatoes
Smashburger with Special Sauce and Oven Fries
Steamed Mussels with White Wine Broth
How to make "" butter. Full recipe is in the video.
pesara-barada and ashguard vadiyallu
Steak TarTare
PICHI PICHI
phyllo, greens, and cheese
Maine Lobster Roll
Thin crust pepperoni
Flank Steak
23hr-refrigerated buckwheat sourdough
Pumpkin Pie With Gingersnap Crust
Yogurt Bread
Clam Chowder and shaved Brussel sprout salad to ring in the cool weather
Mango mochi with compressed mango and yuzu
Cast iron oven roasted potatoes
Choco Cookies Recipe in Telugu బేకింగ్ పొడి లేకుండా గోధుమ పిండి తో రుచికరమైన చాకో కుకీస్
Fresh caught striped bass ceviche
Sourdough pasta with Pomodoro sauce
Chicken, Crinkle Chips and Creamy Mushroom and Bacon Sauce
Papa’s juicy steak
Poutine with onions, mushrooms and green onions in guacamole and leftover piri sauce
Gammon Shank With Chunky Fries and Veg

Traditional Danish pork roast with pork cracklings, caramelized potato, pickled red cabbage and jelly. (credit: Umut Sakarya)
sushi rolls and nigiri and kitty
Caramelized small potatoes
New Years dinner: Lobster bisque, Reindeer sirloin and Cannelés de Bordeaux
Shabu Shabu (Japanese hot pot)
Santa Fe soup topped with tortilla chips, avocado, lime, cilantro, and Mexican crema
Strawberry Jam. Pretty proud of myself
Rava Appam (Instant Semolina Snack)
Korean wings!
cannolis 🥲
Caesar Dressing
Apparently cheesecake is in! Peach Cobbler Cheesecake
Almond and raspberry porridge Vegan
Roast pork and leek mustard sauce
Sweet and Sour Orange Thai Chicken and Jasmine Rice
Tomato soup from a box
Log Cake
Best  Chicken Karahi. Recipe from YouTube. Thought I'd share.
Pistachio Pinwheel Cookies

coconut tapioca pudding with roasted shredded coconut
Rice cooker Soufflé pancake
Fluffy Blueberry Japanese Souffle Pancakes
I'm not American so don't hate me if this Pumpkin Pie is wrong
Chicken biriyani
Skirt steak
Tex Men’s finest. Made slow cooked tacos, with beans and rice tonight.
Smoked pulled pork burger with double American cheese and a vinegar sauce
Smash burger . 2 patty’s . Grilled onions .
Mac n Cheese with panko&amp;sage breadcrumbs and vegetarian bacon , ate it with pesto :)
I’m slightly obsessed with making charcuterie boxes!
Chicken Piccata, Pesto Spaghetti and Preserved Lemon Arugula.
Blackened Wild Ahi
Chicken and Green Chili Enchiladas
This Meat and Cheese Plate of Calabrese, Prosciutto and Capicola Salame with Mild Cheddar, Swiss Cheese, Colby Jack and Pepper Jack Cheese
Bechamel sauce recipe for pasta
BLT with Balsamic Vinaigrette
Gluten-free Christmas focaccia
calories in Oven Roasted Tofurky Luncheon Meats
Aish as-Saraya Dessert. Yum 😋
Gooseberry and Cinnamon Yoghurt
Just love  garlic bread
Deer Carpaccio with horseradish cream, toasted pine nuts, honey, tomatoes, arugula and parmigiano reggiano
This pizza out-Pizza’d the hut
Sushi (Tuna + avocado / tempura shrimp + spicy sauce / Surimi + veggies)
Spicy Ramen
Still learning how much corn meal I need to put on the peel so my pizza won’t stick but otherwise this was my best dough ever
My Mates newest invention Egg a la Yorkie (he thinks hes a chef now)
Chunky chocolate cookies Levain’s cookies following Joshua Weissman recipe
Cake without eggs for diabetics/Cc Eng Subb
Chocolate Raspberry Cake
Christmas Sugar Cookie - The Grinch
Gorgonzola and salame pizza
our Biden’s celebratory dinner. Drunken mussels/clams, freshly baked baguette, organic charcuterie and freshly shucked oysters.
- Pozole
a thawed Freschetta pepperoni pizza baked in a commercial oven preheated to 600F, turned off &amp; baked 14 minutes
Axios' Mike Allen: Some Republicans think Trump is trying to sabotage GOP in Georgia Senate races - CNBC

Oatmeal rasin cookies
Pork belly ready to go on the pan.
Cardamom-Sugar Doughnuts filled with Saffron Custard Cream
This a go fund me! I’m a chef trying to get to Italy for school and I have a chance to! If you share this it’ll help so much or even a dollar makes a huge difference I know I’m new here but I’m hoping for some help!
no knead bread and roast beef!
A mini charcuterie board for a quarantined thanksgiving! Happy Holidays!
Beef salad with Asian style vinaigrette
porchetta sandwich with salsa verde
BLT with smoky king oyster mushroom "bacon". Arugula and tomatoes are still from the garden (in Canada!)
Pistachio cheesecake (baked)
Stuffed chicken masala.
How to Make Lasagne Pasties ?
Pan de Muerto
Spaghetti with homemade Bolognese Sauce.
INDIAN BAHUBALI THALI
Grilled Limpets
Apple pie with vanilla ice cream, caramel glass and mini champagne pods
Pretzel bites!
Peanut Butter Cheesecake with mini Reece’s topping.
Brigadeiro chocolate cake
Mac n cheese grilled cheese
Bûche de Noël / Yule Log I made for Christmas Eve dinner.
chicken burger
Mixed Sauce Pasta
Grilled cheese on sour dough. Gruyere, white cheddar.
wood fired pizza
Tomahawk ribeye
Butternut squash buttermilk biscuits!
Butter Chicken is one of the most popular curries at any Indian restaurant around the world
Beef stew and mashed potatoes!
Salmon and veggies!
Potato Latkes, Pear and Apple Compote, Sour Cream and Poached Egg
Ajwain leaves recipes
Sirloin with greens beans and tomato and mozzarella salad
Korean Bulgogi Deep Dish Pizza
a $1 hotdog from 7/11 and a $7 hotdog from a really nice hotdog stand in my city
Suspiro Limeño
Lina Tik eating MINECRAFT Play Doh IRL - ASMR Mukbang food sounds no talk
a bowl of pasta Bolognese
Darcy chocolate cake with cream cheese frosting and chocolate covered strawberries
cauliflower and potato curry with egg. Served with fluffy roti.
Chicken Montblanc

Bread 🍞
Tomato Consomme
Meringue ! Thx grandma for the recipe 🥰
Better days...
Avo Toast
grilled salmon
General Tso’s Chicken with Burnt garlic fried rice
raspberry and white chocolate cheesecake
My attempt at making Ramen burger
I ate  filet mignon on my brand new cast iron
Sichuan Style Sweet and Sour Fish
Polish Hunter Stew
Rainbow Icecream (RECIPE: 2 c. very cold heavy whipping cream 14 oz can sweetened condensed milk 2 tsp pure vanilla extract Food coloring - 6 colors)
Honey Sirracha Griddle Sandwich(banana pancakes 😋)
Apizza Johnny’s MV.
Chopped Cheese
fraisier cake
Chicken teriyaki
i think we can all agree with this one 😋
Pumpkin Chocolate Chip Muffins
Khi Mẹ Bỉm Sữa STRESS: Nấu BÒ HẦM từ ĐỒ SƠ SINH !!! Thánh Nấu Ăn ASMR St...
Home smoked beetroot and single malt cured salmon with poached egg on sourdough.
Grilled skirt steak and potatoes
Yard Bird
Chocolate hazelnut cake
Yule log cake / bûche de noël
I made pizza roses for Valentine’s
Snickerdoodle bundt cake
chilli dried prawn sauce with eggplants n minced pork, Shirasu (whitebait) n vegetable omelettes, topped with roasted seaweed n sesame seeds
Sam the cooking guys Ruben juicy Lucy
Woke up late and didn't feel like cooking
eggplant Sandwich with humus and garlic vinaigrette
Southern Fried Chicken! — with Buttermilk Waffles &amp; Spicy Honey Butter
Mini chocolate cheesecakes with chocolate ganache topping
cheese mix and herbs rolls
Wild goose breast, scalloped Potatoes and mushroom Gravy, sweet corn. My introduction to wild waterfowl.
Shitake Mushroom Pizza
Garlic bread sticks.
Anything you can’t do
cheesecake brûlée, fruits and raspberry foam
Crusted Salmon, Potato Gratin, and sauteed Leek Mushroom and Broccoli w/ beurre blanc.
Heart Shaped Cinnamon Buns
These buttermilk honey biscuits are a complete breakfast game changer.
Chinese burger: JiaMo
Shrimp mac n’ cheese
Peach Cobbler
Parsnip au gratin and roasted parsnips with romanesco sauce.
Since When Cacao?
The Southern Benny w/ Bacon and two poached eggs over a toasted biscuit topped with Country Sausage Gravy and extra crispy hash browns.
Roasted pork knuckle with honey and mustard and as a side dish mashed potatoes, roast potatoes and cabbage
Sunday roast dinner
3 Kinds of Calzones
Roommate’s Lunar New Year’s spread
Korean BBQ style beef short ribs
ကြက်ပေါင်း ကော်ရည်ခေါက်ဆွဲ-  Jordanian breakfast/lunch
Hainan Chicken Rice. Fell in love with this in Singapore, now my go to alternative for chicken soup.
Braised Short Ribs on Pomme Purée
Sour and sour chicken, ginger beef, chicken balls, chow mein, and a crispy egg roll.
Spice blends! May be useful for someone,  Greek spice 👌🏻
the Yard grilled cheese
grilled and basted T-bone steak
Beef Wellington made with Parma ham, portobello mushrooms, and chestnuts. Crust coated with egg yolk. Followed a Gordon Ramsay YouTube video. Seriously tastes amazing.
hash brown with some bacon on top
Bun Bo Hue
Breakfast Bagel
Middle Eastern Platter for BREAKFAST ❤️
Fried Ice Cream
rib roast, au jus, asparagus, carrots, and sweet potato
Marinated Chuck Roast in my Air Fryer :)
lightly spooky oreo cake😁
Smoked ham, lettuce, pepper, cheddar, pickles and mayo on soft white.
Find Great Keywords Using YouTube Autocomplete
Heart Cheesecake and Chocolate Covered Strawberries
Hotdog Pizza!
Pancake Breakfast
Bagels! Just trying so hard to perfect this dough...
8hr smoked pork ribs
Grapefruit-marinated chicken thighs with spring onion and ginger salsa
Pappardelle pasta with a Bolognese sauce
Double-decker cheese board, ideal for my student apartment with limited kitchen space
Our lunch today quarter sheep,  lamb machboos with rice in the Kuwaiti style, enjoy.
Karnıyarık
Fall Pumpkin Pie!!
UK Style Fish and Chips
Chocolate Chunk Cookie
Egg, Sausage, Mushroom, Cheese Scrambler with Roasted Potatoes
steamed tofu with homemade chilli oil
Kimchi ramen &amp; trimmings
Bacon Cheeseburger (melted pepper-jack, bacon jam, roasted tomatoes, fresh jalapeños, bleu cheese)
panettone
Pulled Chicken Sandwich
steak and twice baked potatoes
Schnitzel and Muenster Cheese on  00 Flour Rolls
salsa roja and salsa verde
this apple after I had taken the photo
Ribs, bbq meatballs and sirloin tips
chicken burger, that is all
Tonkotsu shoyu ramen at Ramen Brothers in Haarlem, Netherlands
Pork chops and gravy over rice with scrambled eggs and biscuits w/ peach preserves.
(Homemade) Chicken noodle soup with potato chonks
ceaser dressing
Chicago style pizza
Today  truffle mushroom pasta
a turkey and smushed avocado club
Almond Joy Cheesecake
Found and cooked a Chicken of the Woods mushroom. It really does taste like chicken! Hoping more grow from the trees so I can cook some more.
Canned San Marzano Tomatoes
home-cured hickory smoked bacon
French Fires
Gravlax.
Inside Out Omelette
I made coffee!
Cinnamon Brown Sugar and Raspberry Amaretto Pop Tarts.
blueberry waffles, steak eggs Benedict, sweet potato fries, bacon, avacado fan.
Quail and wild mushrooms rice
Chicken Kebab Salad
Chicken Tikka Masala with Lentil Rice
egg biryani
Pumpkin Spice Cake filled with Pumpkin Buttercream and topped with Italian Meringue Buttercream
Glazed two-layer matcha mochi cake w/ raspberry sorbet (additional details in the comment section)
Korean BBQ
saturday morning breakfast.
charcuterie board offerings
Gado Gado
My attempt at Sous Vide Steak and homemade fries!
Cheesy loaded baked potato soup
Venison steak with blueberry and red wine sauce
Chicken Tikka Kebab
Crab and crayfish Raviolo in a lemon Emulsion with a Parmesan crumb.
Brunch
Chicken Wings Glazed in a Sweet &amp; Spicy Gochujang Sauce!
Kadha For Immunity: This Chef-Special Recipe May Be Good For Boosting Immunity This Monsoon
Hot chocolate bombs
Turkey sandwich on homemade Sourdough, w/ sprouts, tomato, onion, bacon, avocado and cheese.
fresh candied ginger!
A mezze of carrots and pomegranate molasses on labneh, chicken shawarma, baba ganoush, and hummus with pitta bread
Turkey, brie, and cranberry sauce on rosemary bread.
Flank steak sandwich with Gouda and beer caramelized onions
Burger and Fries
Maple Bourbon Pork Chops
Cheese and Sausage Ravioli
Turkey Enchiladas
Big Mac inspired quad smash burger
Chocolate Pecan Pie
This is Paula the Pug. She wants cookies on my cake day.
sweet potato bites
Pizza with chorizo, jalapeños, mozzarella and parmesan cheese.
French dip with sautéed mushrooms on fresh rolls
buffalo ranch chicken wrap
Smoky Grilled Chicken w/ Crispy Broccolini and Corn
Garlic Chicken thighs Cooking_Cue
Vietnamese BBQ Pork Loin over rice noodles
Pig in a blanket with cheese
spicy chicken/combination pizza
Baby Butternut Squash Soup | Curried Sous Vide Short Rib | Cashew Cream | Tajin Pepitas
chocolate covered matzah :P
Roasted lemon herb chicken and potatoes with brown and wild rice. And cauliflower two ways, roasted and pureed.
avocado toast with a poached egg on top
breakfast casserole? Sausage hash browns eggs and cheese
Rack of Lamb with Blueberry Beurre Rouge
I made these Pizza!
Apple Pie.
Oops, I did it again!
A5 Wagyu Steak
White Bean Chicken Chili &amp; Jalapeño Cheddar Cornbread
Chicken Carnonara
ramen w/ baby bok choy and reverse-poach-seared chicken.
GF pizza
kinderbueno cake
Tofu katsu with spicy cannabis sriracha, katsu sauce and green onion!
- Root Beer Float Macarons
Pancake cereal but with color 🎨
Yogurt, strawberry, honey and walnuts bowl.
Hot Honey Chicken and Waffles
My First Attempt at Potato Donuts
chicken tacos with blue cheese!
Cacio E Pepe
Creamy Crack Chicken Soup
A double smashburger
Italian pizza
Nashville Hot Chicken on Brioche
Takeout Sunday pozole
Lamb Souvlaki, Lemon Rice Pilaf &amp; Roasted Vegetables. Little Brown Jug session ale on the side. Enjoy the rest of your weekend!
Big burger with pepper and sesame
Stromboli and Salad
i’m just really proud of this stromboli
Chili with waffled corn bread
Neapolitan pizza with green chilies, red onions and homemade orange fennel sausage.
Can't ask for much more than ribs, fries, and german beer!
Crumb cake.
Crab stuffed bacon wrapped smoked chicken breasts, with a side of broccoli.
Chicago style deep dish pizza
Saudi Arabia Adds Pressure On Firms To Move To Riyadh, Challenges Dubai - NDTV
Deep fried Spicy Crispy Fritters|కారం బజ్జి|Home Kitchen Holland|India
Yeast doughnuts
Virgin Pina Colada &amp; Painkiller
Christmas Gingerbread Cookies
Heart-shaped Strawberry Pancakes with Coconut Whipped Cream
Burger Set
breakfast! Brown rice, bacon, and poached eggs.
"Incitement Of Violence": Facebook Takes Down Myanmar Military's Page - NDTV
Pumpkin Pie w/ hand-cut decorations
Pepperoni pizza
Single smashed cheeseburger
Lemon layer cake with rosé Italian meringue buttercream
Salmon w Zucchini scales, Shallot infused white wine reduction sabayon w horseradish and dill, mushrooms and asparagus.
Yukhoe bibimbap
Lamb Loin Chops with Garlic and herbs
Baked potato with chicken, cheese and sour cream
Borscht with Beans
Roasted eggplant and white bean sauce
Pan-seared garlic lemon rosemary cod on a bed of roasted baby potatoes and carrots
Got some Chicken Alfredo😁
Sweet Chili Pork Bowl
Tagliatelle Bolognese
bone in ribeye steaks
Mac and cheese and broccoli
chili-cheese dog
BBQ chicken pizza
Butternut squash ravioli and tomato consommé
Choco Banana muffin with purple potato mash
Tiramisu &lt;3
cream cheese wontons
Roasted pork belly with caraway and potatoes
Thattai Murukku
Charleston Style Shrimp &amp; Grits
Cha siu bao (or Chinese steamed pork buns)
mess of chocolate chip cookies
Vietnamese beef stew AKA bo kho
#homemade Funnel Cakes
Taiwanese beef noodle soup
Fresh sandwich loaf with peanut butter, banana, and honey
Flower of Life Cake with eatable gold
New Year’s Eve Spread
bacon, banana pepper, onion, broccoli, and cheddar cheese omelet
https://ift.tt/3of6gTQ
Mixed Shawema Ramen
Pound Cake with chocolate shavings.
Basil and tomato, putty of tuna, and remon curd on baguettes
Pan-Seared NY Strip
Best Chicken Macaroni Recipe
New England Clam Chowder Soup
Red Velvet Brownies
Chocolate Ganache Rum / Amaretto Truffles
Popcorn i thought looked like baby Groot (marvel series)
Victoria sponge with strawberries and cream
Best looking Chinese style Cauliflower I’ve made to date
Corned beef brisket with cabbage, carrots and potato. Happy Saint Paddy's Day everyone!
Red Wine Braised Leg of Lamb
Nongshim Shin Ramen with  Wonton Dumplings
Broccoli Stuffed Chicken &amp; Shiitake Mushrooms
Cast iron covid quarantine calzone
Beer can chicken
Pork belly banh mi
Beef Wellington
Surf n turf consisting of a filet mignon, shrimp, and scallops w/ sides
.
no meat shepherds pie vegetarian friendly!!!
Fresh Vegetables from the Farmer's Market with Olive Oil, Lemon Juice, Fresh Oregano &amp; Lemon Thyme (Post-Cooking)
I made Focaccia :)
Braised Shortribs over a bed of Polenta
ribeye steak, caramelised celeriac and roasted aubergine
Citrus Olive Oil Cake with Roasted Cranberries
white chocolate cheesecake in Easter eggs
- Whole wheat choco-chip cookies with peanut butter and a sprinkle of coffee.
3-Ingredient Oreo Cupcakes Recipe
Edamame Pork Belly Egg Fried Rice
Sourdough pizza with roasted veggies and moose sausage
Lychee Rose Macarons
Crispy Gyoza
Mexican Quinoa Stuffed Peppers
Beef Pho Soup with Fresh Herbs
Japanese Milk Bread (Shokupan)
Cinnamon Roll Muffins
Potato cream soup
the best chicken with the tastiest sides today
cold soba
Cooked Tuna + Curry
Holy pho!
Pineapple Tarts from Southeast Asia
£1 CHALLENGE - HELP NEEDED 15,000 in 57 Days - Be Part of a New Chocolate Bar
Claire Saffitz's Ricotta Cake with Kumquat Marmalde
Shallow Fried Zuchinni and Onion!
Kalbi with kimchi and rice
Claypot Rice w/ Chinese Sausage
Braised beef back ribs, mashed potatoes, green beans, tempura onion ring, roasted baby cauliflower, cranberry sauce
scallops, samphire and avocado on seasoned rice
Red Wine-Braised Beef Short Ribs
Noche Buena since I couldn't go home this year
PIZZA
Vatrushka, Sweet Buns Filled with Cheese
Jamaican Beef Patty
vegan pizza in rome🇮🇹 En busca de LA MEJOR PIZZA! 🍕 (En 24 hs)
Food That You Need To Add In Diet To Stay Energized All Day
Singapore MeeHoon
Japanese Shabu Shabu
Avocado and boiled eggs with chilli jam on homemade sourdough, fried tomato, cucumber, Cumberland sausage.
Chili Colorado
Big breakfast for dinner coz I'm adult!
Fried garlic rice with morning glory (water spinach)
2 eggs over easy with mixed cheese and sausage for a side. Mmm brunch
Trump’s attacks on Senate Republicans complicate his Georgia message - POLITICO
beautiful loaf with sesame seeds
Rice Noodles!!!!
Ham Loaf, mashed potatoes and roasted green beans
Baked Orange and Passion fruit Cheesecake
Hong Kong Style Spam &amp; Egg Macaroni Soup
Banana and blueberry bread
Bacon-cheese snack
pizza fresh off the grill
Biscuits with scratch made gravy
Grilled chicken topped with sautéed onions and bacon in a balsamic reduction, served on a bed of garlic mashed potatoes, with a simple green salad
Nine Layer Quesadilla Mountain
Palitaw
fish pie
Eggs In A Nest, with Adobo, Chili Powder, Mozzarella and Provolone, and Tobacco Chipotle Sauce.
Seared Feta and Cauliflower salad
Pastrami Eggs Benedict
Omurice
Pesto creamy chicken and pesto baked potato with salad
pastrami on rye at Katz’s
Red curry w/ rock shrimp
grilled broccoli and green beans with pumpkin purée and a poached egg.
Risotto with Finferli (chanterelles) and Italian white wine
Bacon and Mushroom Quiche
Pasta and Bolognese Sauce
The Celtic Cannonball
A Double and Single Smash Burger with Cheese Fries
Szechuan Lotus Root, Bok Choy, Chrysanthemum Greens, Mushrooms and Lamb
Strawberry and Almond Cream Pie for lunch.
Beef Barley Soup
Home ground Swedish meatballs and mash
delicious rainbow cake
- Pan Pizza - Artichoke, Mushroom, Tomato
Pan Seared Trevally with Indian Coconut Sauce served on top of Garlic Soy Veggies and Rice.
Lemon Cheesecake with poorly taken Picture
Roast leg of lamb with all the trimmings
Apple pecan muffins
peanut butter and banana sandwich seasoned with exotic vegan plant grown gibbon hairs.
Potato salad, stuffed chicken and ratatouille
Chicken parm made with love, at 430 for 25 minutes with asparagus some noddles and homemade spaghetti light sauce.
Orecchiette with Sausage and Broccoli
Temaki Sushi
Seared salmon with pomme purée
porkchop
Fresh sausage, saffron and almond risotto
roasted sweet potatoes, sautéed mushrooms, and a KC strip medium rare
Minestrone soup!
Mexican Flag Burrito
Classic Thanksgiving dinner
crispy buffalo burger with pickles and sour cream ranch dressing.
Grilled bread, burrata arugula and tomato salad, prosciutto and pork ragu
breakfast burger with avocado
Entrecote with Creamy &amp; Heavy Mushroom Sauce
From Grocery-bought cold fries to golden, crispy, spicy, and garlic-salted fries (plus ketchup &amp; mayo)
Jambon-Beurre on freshly made baguette with some left over honey baked ham.
Bangers &amp; Mash with homemade bread
First time making Figgy Pudding. Currently aging it for the holiday season.
bagel attempt. Perhaps I overproofed?
Festive Focaccia
Among Us bị TẤN CÔNG bởi Minecraft và Piggy😱😱😱 Game tik ASMR Mukbang eat...
Red Chicken Pozole.
How To Make Sweetest Yummy Date Infused Vodka This is one of the most easiest quickest infusion alcoholic drink we have ever tried and we were super happy about it! Not just because we did it super fast but also it was super delicious.
outdoor brunch for one! another pic in comments
ribs that won my local BBQ competition over the weekend. I’ve only been cooking ribs for a year!
""how testy bargar
Meatball Calzones. OK, No Ricotta.
Bacon wrapped, kimchi stuffed pork tenderloin with charred vegetables
Closed on Sunday Smoked Wings
Should you use Chicken Breasts or Chicken Thighs for Fried Chicken?
chicken tikka
I made fish with lemon cream sauce (Poisson à la crème citron to make it sound fancier aka just french) and some veggie stir fry
Pasta Puttanesca. Finally warm enough to enjoy dinner on my balcony.
Grilled wings
Vietnamese Stuffed Squid with Nuoc Cham sauce
Roasted veggies
filet mignon with lobster tail
Sate Pho
Stuffed Grape Leaves / Dolmas
breakfast for dinner 🌼
Salad  Fruits Berries
Sweet Rosemary Meatball Marinara Sub
Vanilla cake with buttercream
Breakfast Crunchwrap Supreme (with potatoes)
a delicious waffle
Spicy Asian fusion pasta with dried red chillis, garlic, oyster sauce and tuna with a side of Korean broccoli salad.
Texas BBQ Platter
Hickory smoked Christmas porchetta in the making. Spiced with fenned seeds, coriander seeds, black pepper sage and leftover lardo aromatico.
My sandwich looks like mantis head 😅
Bananas Foster Pancakes
easy indian butter chicken
Pao de Queijo - Brazilian Cheese Bread with Cheddar and Parmesan
enjoyed a beautiful food
Pan fried rib eye steak
peppered mussels
Ricotta and caramelised pear ice cream!
cauliflower and pumpkin curry. I’m a big meat eater. But this was delicious.
Holiday leftovers - barbecue chicken, mac n cheese w/ bacon, kale greens w/ more bacon and cornbread w/ even more BACON
Crispy Gochujang Chicken with Spicy Sesame Slaw
- pulled pork pressure-cooked at 20 minutes per pound on a bed of leaks and onions with salt and steak rub, is stirred fried on a sizzling 🥵 bed of red and orange pepper. Freshly minced parsley and garlic is embedded into it with a good sprinkle of turmeric and sea salt at the end.
Chicken Provolone Sandwich
smoked Pork Ribs
Boars Head Smoked Gouda, Tavern Ham, &amp; Genoa Salami ‘charcuterie’ snack plate
GO WITH EVERYTHING GREEN
Mousse Au Chocolat
Vegan Pancakes (milk-free pancakes)
Hearty Comtoise stew
5-hour oven roasted pork belly with crispy skin and tender meat.
A Sushi Party Platter
Chilaquiles with egg and refried black beans
anniversary dinner for my parents. Lemon garlic grilled chicken, pan fried potatoes, and lemon grilled carrots.
blueberry pancake.
Slow cooker gyros w/ tzatziki and French fries
Pumpkin mochi with cinnamon pumpkin filling and cinnamon sugar pie crust stem
Avocado Toast w/ Scrambled Eggs ft Mochaccino
at Dinner by Heston Blumenthal
BigBoyEatingFunyun
"Will Never Concede," Says Trump As Congress Meets To Certify Biden Win - NDTV
Roasted garden rcarrots, parsnip, radish, dukka, hummus, evoo.
Shrimp fajitas on Romaine lettuce
berry chantilly King Cake.
Soto (Indonesian food)
Lemon Shrimp Orzo with feta and Dill.
The Best Bowl of Ramen Ever
Carne Asada
yellow tomato soup with toasted cheese sandwich croutons.
Wood-Fired Pizza
Breakfast at SingleThread Farms
beef and vegetable stew and jalapeño cheddar cornbread muffins
Chicken Cordon Bleu with mashed Red Skinned Potatoes
Double Layered Triple Chocolate Sea Salt Tart
Marble Beef tataki
Carne asada - fajitas, beef ribs, salsa, pics, guacamole, rice, beans (retried and charro), fideo.
Cranberry-Orange Bread
Egg biscuit
Egg and sticky rice bowl with crushed up roasted seaweed, white sesame seeds and black sesame seeds. Sesame oil and soy sauce for more flavour.
Chinese XO sauce, made with dried scallops shrimp and shallots
oven roasted bbq wings
tacos for taco Tuesday
Seared sous vide duck breast
Char Siu Wonton Noodle Soup With Bok Choy
pesto pasta with chicken and garlic roasted tomatoes
Yakitori
Apple-Cranberry Sourdough Bread
Pane Toscano. AKA future croutons.
Lemon Pepper Tuna Poke Bowl
Simple layered sandwich  today
Chicken Supreme Pizza from a local Pizzeria.
Maple bacon, prime rib, egg, cheddar and Taco Bell fire sauce on French Italian sub roll
Maple Cinnamon Ketchup crisp Cookies with Ketchup glaze
Crispy pork belly with silky cauliflower purée and gravy.
Wanton noodles
Teriyaki Chicken &amp; BBQ Stuffed Crust Pizza
how to make VADA PAV | Indian Street Food
Mommade traditional bread
Green chicken &amp; cheese enchiladas and rice
Maple pecan pie
a happy Lechon in a boodle fight arrangement
Spooky Halloween Donuts
Mar y Tierra.. pic says it all
Braised beef steak sandwich with onions, peppers and goat cheese
Fresh sushi &amp; Smoked pork belly !! Uncle Sam ASMR
Rice Pudding!
Seafood Boil
https://ift.tt/3aMq507
I made a sun-dried tomato, basil, and garlic pizza.
Slow Cooked BBQ Brisket
“” Froggy Birthday Cake for my daughter’s 16th
Garlic butter steak, green beans, chimmichurri potatoes
I was craving chicken pot pie for a week and finally gave in
mozzarella sticks.
DONUTS !!!..
Grilled filet, potatoes and gratin, garlic herb baguette.
pastelitos de carne
Hot Butterchicken with garlic naan and basmati rice
Chinese Roasted Pork Belly
Meatloaf, fondant potatoes, charred mushrooms and broccoli, veal demi horseradish pan sauce.
Pea and mint soup with crispy Parma ham
Neopolatin style Pizza Margherita
finished finals :3, to celebrate: chicken katsu sandwich with a spicy coleslaw and tonkatsu sauce
crawfish boil!
New York Strip with chimichurri, Lyonnaise potatoes, and roasted asparagus
New York style cheese cake
Black daal
Lunch Box Pasta
steak and chicken kabobs and cheddar brats.
double decker Tres Leches cake my friend made.
No knead bread
Shrimp Boil with fixins
Meatheadz Ribeye Cheesesteak with Whiz and a Side of Fried Pickles
Beef Heart
Chicken cutlet, home fries, roasted cauliflower &amp; broccoli
Cheesesteak with Cooper Sharp, Carangi Bakery Seeded Roll, Caramelized Onions and Thin-Sliced Ribeye
Fettuccine with smoked mussels, sun-dried tomatoes, and arugula
Apple crumb pie
Creme Brulee
Creamy Chicken Moscato with Pasta
Just tried Halo Burger in London! The best vegan burgers and shakes i ever had 🤯
@Nalapaaka Spices, new YouTube channel coming up with fast easy and simple recipe. Subscribe now for more videos
Tagliatelle with spinach, ricotta and salmon
Cream of California Mix Veggie and Cheddar Soup.
traditional baklawa !
Broccoli Cheddar Soup.
s’mores made with a Reece’s at our new house
Quesadillas!
Turkish bread
pancakes in the morning
Rice Pudding
I'm really proud of how these boulangère potatoes turned out!
peanut butter and pickles. (Why am I like this?)
burger with fries.
Biscuits and red eye gravy.
Potstickers (shrimp and chive, pork and lemongrass)
Indian butter chicken
Salmon, Onion, and Avocado Stuffed Pita
Gino's East of Chicago Deep Dish Pizza
Bacon wrapped shrimp / jalapeño / pepper jack cheese
When the 11yr old makes chocolate pudding and meringue that turns out better looking than yours...
profiterols
cinnamon apple cider donuts
Frosted Animal Cookie Macaron
heavenly chocolate pie
Stir fry bok choy and wild brown rice topped with baked bourbon chicken.
Vegan Pizza 🍕
Breakfast pastries, thick cut bacon, fruit and a few other breakfast foods
Republicans slam Biden move to admit 25,000 migrants from Mexico amid border surge fears - Fox News
the original Chopped Cheese from Hajji’s
Spatchcock Turkey
Eggplant Pita
Roasted Eggplant &amp; Tomato Soup spiced with Ras El Hanout
Air frying a steak went much better than I though...  this mf expeditiously
pizza with the works
super crispy French fry, blanch in water, then twice fry.
Stir Fried Beef Curry by Bachelor’s Cookbook
Steak and eggs
foodgem India your food vlogger
"Classic bekon burger"
how to make  Sri Lankan hoppers
veggie turnip hash with an egg and bacon
A 17 old doggo is very cheerful :)
Veg loaded rice with minute stake.
BBQ...
Thoughts please - would you buy this? Order it home? I need criticism, points to improve, it’s slow cook beef chilli with black beans - thank you
Candied citrus peel
Chicken Shumai
Marron from Denmark Western Australia
Cosmic Brownies
Papas con chorizo
Cubano Sandwich
Duck
Thick &amp; Chewy Double Chocolate Cookies
Sfogliatelle Napoletane
Mashed Sweet Potatoes with a Baked Marshmallow Topping
Some Asian style glazed pork; courtesy of my parents 🤤
Short rib burger grind, fried egg, bacon, sriracha aioli and arugula on a brioche bun with a side of sweet potato fries
Thai Tofu Curry
Seared Lemon Honey Arctic Char with Citrus Salad (Infused Chem Dawg)
Japanese Souffle Pancakes
Peking duck with Mandarin pancakes
Cake &amp; Cookies
Lamb noodle soup with homemade vegetable broth and crispy fried garlic
Lemon garlic chicken &amp; potatoes and carrot fries
Breakfast Joe
Black Sesame Panna Cotta with Coconut Syrup and Blackberries ( my own recipe)
slow cooked beef short rib with red wine, garlic and rosemary atop creamy mashed potatoes.
Feta cheese stuffed pull apart bread.
Chicken piccata
Pesto lasagna soup with sunflower honey bread croutons
Grilled Hanger Steaks
Chilli Garlic Prawns/Shrimps
Mini banoffee pies
TỘI NGHIỆP Quỷ Nhỏ bị NGHIỀN NÁT thành Món Ăn - Thánh Nấu Ăn ASMR Stop ...
Bow tie pasta and red sauce
Never stop believing! Just peeled back the bacon packet in one go with no rips or tears leaving a perfect hinge along one side. WHAT A DAY!!!!
Fried New York Steak with mushroom sauce laid on a bed of mashed potatoes and asparagus
Bacon fat and salt rubbed prime rib roast with smoked cheddar scalloped potatoes
tatanmen and gyoza with homemade noodles
Challah for Rosh Hashanah! Shana Tova!
Cobb Salad!
Irish Cream Cheesecake with Salted Dark Chocolate Ganache topping.
Boobies, Booties and Big Donations
Don’t throw away that jar of pickles. Spice up the brine and reuse it for onions, cherry tomatoes and of course cucumbers
Thanksgiving sides
Taiwanese 3 cup chicken with basil
Bacon and Hazel grouse sandwich
Cheesy sloppy joes
Creamy tomato soup with gruyére toast
Twice baked almond croissant
the families 2020 ‘Never too late’ cake
Pepperoni pizza and wings
yellowtail w/ jalapeño
Tuna salad and the last of the pot liquor from my collard greens
What’s everyone’s favorite pinwheel recipe?! This has to be mine!
Thanksgiving Leftovers Ravioli Soup
ZEBRA CAKE 🦓 - Moist and so Fluffy/Marbled Style ✔
Ramen noodles
Chocolate souffle
(my cousin made) ube burnt basque cheesecake
Bun Bo Hue in Saigon
I'm a Fungi  Mushrooms
English breakfast, standard edition
cinnamon sugar pretzel nuggets
short stack of aged balsamic vanilla oatmeal pancakes
Eclair.
healthy granola apple crumble with greek yoghurt and cinnamon.
pastrami reubens
Carne en su Jugo, beef stewed in green tomatoes served with beans
brisket for Hanukkah
mixed tiny french pastries
Oven Roasted Gyros
French bread pizza
Ribeye French dip with peperoncino, horseradish, and shiitake au jus.
lemon, acacia honey and thyme marinated halloumi sautéed in olive oil
Hey everyone! I’m doing a survey on meal kits such as good foods, chef plate,etc. for class and would greatly appreciate if some of yalls can hop on there and help me out. Thanks in advance! Tags
Pasta al Tonno with chicken kiev
prosciutto wrapped asparagus, olive focaccia and ragù bolognese
Pizza with tons of toppings
Viral video skewers people who falsely claim to be from SF - SFGate
Thanksgiving Pasty with red wine gravy
Christmas dessert charcuterie board. Candies, cannoli cheese ball, cookies, two types of jam/goat cheese spread, and lots of other delights.
Plain Old Spam and Rice.
(Soon-to-be) Apple Cider!
Simple, clean veggie soup.
churros
health night fish n veggies
tomato basil and fresh mozzarella toast with balsamic reduction
egg and vegetable
Twist on Shepard's Pie balls. Stuffed with a roasted veggie mix, garlic mashed potatoes, and a Cabernet Sauvignon reduction.
God-Tier Lunchables
Fried Bread with Avocado Spread and Eggs Benedict
pumpkin bread and maple butter
Blood Orange &amp; Ricotta Zeppoles
Holiday Indian meals
Stuffed Crust Pizza with Sausage
Rodeo Burger
Lame Duck a L'Orange
Beef Wellington
chocolat cookie
New Research Finds Method to Create Safe Camel Milk Products - Food Tank
Ridged Ziti in a Spicy, Creamy Vodka Sauce
chicken and rice
Double Double burger
Steak and Lobster with cheesy bacon mashed potatoes and asparagus
Blue spaghetti
bbq chicken pizza
grinch pancakes
Veggie chow mein and char siu bao buns. 🥢
Doraemon cake
Mozzarella sticks
Pan fried cod fillet with oven fries
Chinese chive and pork potstickers
Speck bacon potato hash ft. an egg that didn’t survive the drop
My version of Strawberry Shortcake
Japanese pancakes
Endive salad.
Sweet potato spice cookies
Lemon poppy seed croissants!
Taiwanese Beef Noodle Soup with Hand Pulled Noodles.
stuffed peppers
Steak crustini with charred green onion chimichurri and blistered tomatoes.
Ăn Sáng với một bát NGŨ CỐC ĐẦY THUỐC ĐẮNG - Kluna Tik eating Style ASM...
Bacon and eggs
Salmon, tuna, yellowtail, and abalone sashimi
My favorite parfait- peach parfaits in japan🇯🇵🇯🇵
Brined olives, collected from my own garden.
Jalapeno Pesto Pizza topped with sour cream &amp; pecorino romano cheese
Baked paprika potatoes
Eggs on Naan bread
blueberry muffins and coffee.
Indigenous Food Tourism In Canada Ahead Of Post-Pandemic Trends - Forbes
Cajun shrimp / sausage pasta.
Duck Curry Recipe
Tonkatsu Pork Cutlet over rice
Carbonara and Garlic Bread
Hawaiian BBQ: Beef short ribs, mac salad, and rice
Airfried Steak, mashed potatoes and sauteed mushroom-broccoli
Arby's style roast beef and cheddar and curly fries
Steak and goat cheese salad
Crepe with white chocolate sauce, chocolate chip buttons, brownie bits, with strawberry ice-cream and whipped cream!
Rainy Days Are For Soup. Chicken noodle with mirepoix, cabbage and poblano peppers.
Why viral cat videos might kill the planet - TVO
Bacon wrapped spiced chicken with hasselback potatoes, carrots and a Carolina mustard sauce
"Happy Birthday" sugar cookies
sweet and sour chicken
littleneck clams and hot Italian sausage spaghetti.
Mini, Pesto, Pita, Pizzas!
Truffe Mayo Beef Sandwich
Prosciutto, salami, chorizo and chargrilled pepper (left), smoked kielbasa and sun dried tomatoes (bottom) with wings
look at that crunchy sear on these salt and pepper steaks
lemon meringue pie!
Crab and Prawn Panzarotti in a cream and thyme sauce with Smoked Rainbow Trout
Apple wood smoked, then sauteed, eye of round open-face melt

cheddar polenta, braised kale, pork loin, cherry bbq
Spinach and sun-dried tomatoes waffles topped with avoziki, parma ham and local cheddar cheese
Best side dish for rice
Hawaiian pizza, bacon, ham, caramelized onion, pineapple, sesame seeds.
Brisket Chili Cheese Kirkland (Costco) Polish Dog
breakfast sandwich with sausage, potato cake, egg and cheese
movie ti me
ginger miso ramen.
Raspberry banana bread
Gajar ka Halwa
skirt steak chili
Spicy Italian sausage, potato n kale soup. Perfect after a 12” snow dump.
Baked Cabbage Soup with Brats and Sesame Bread
spread of dried herbs and spices
Pumpkin float (pumpkin pie ice cream with cream soda)
Ham and cheese on  biscuits
Ya’ll know that this is how real ratatouille is supposed to look like, right?
Korean "Nachos"
Kaarage and wasabi mayo
Smoked Brisket Soup
Unicorn cake!
Egg
Ăn GAME KHỦNG LONG GOOGLE và AMONG US
Four Cheese and Everything Bagels
Cheesey Beef Personal Pies
this pizza
Pumpkin bread w/ Chocolate Chips &amp; Walnuts
Cheese pizza I baked in the oven
Cat enjoys a relaxing spa day in viral video - Jacaranda FM
Cheeseburgers.
genoa cake
Hatch green chile pork stew. Learning to cook!
Thanksgiving dinner for one 🇨🇦🦃
Anal&amp;#253;za webov&amp;#253;ch str&amp;#225;nok, SEO, softv&amp;#233;rov&amp;#253; n&amp;#225;stroj na spr&amp;#225;vu webo
turkey stock food
Sous Vide for the win!
Pesto and Sundried Tomato Challah
Mapo Tofu
swedish food
Smoked Salmon and Cream Cheese
Lasagne.
fish goujons and tartare sauce
Creamy Smoked Mackerel Potato &amp; Corn Soup (Infused Super Silver Critical Haze)
Popeyes Chicken (But Better)
Cheese, bacon and red onion burger with shredded Romaine lettuce and McDonald’s-style fries
A little A5 action tonight!
bao buns
Steaks, eggs and potatoes
Eggs Benedict, Kenji Lopez Alt potatoes roasted potatoes, homegrown microgreens
Home made whole turkey. It was good and I am thankful.
Baked sausages with potatoes
Fiery coriander chicken curry
Oak-smoked roasted chicken
witcher themed cake.
Texas Craft Barbeque
Jasmine cake. Ruby Grapefruit Marmalade. White Chocolate Buttercream.
3 Ingredient Omelette
double chocolate muffins
Crispy garlic Parmesan chicken wings, sitting on a creamy sriracha sauce.
Shumai and Pork Dumplings
Upgraded Instant Chappaguri
Threw a bunch of stuff on a lil waffle thing and thought it looked nice.
Rosemary Peach &amp; Fig GaletteThose little bulldog legs
jalapeño popper Mac and cheese cups
Sirloin Steak Pan Fried in Butter
Poori, Pulao, Chicken Curry, Mixed Vegetable Curry and Gulab Jamun
Mumbai: Petrol, diesel prices increased again, check new prices here - Mumbai Mirror
teriyaki chicken donburi with fennel and salad
Malai kofta, Garlic kulchas, Kebabs and Strawberry Cheesecake!
This Hangover Burger
Banoffee cheesecake
Shake-to-drink Milktea!!
Stewed duck maryland with noodles seasoned with herbal medicine soup (Taiwanese cuisine).
Ground Turkey Taco Salad
an 11oz medium rare filet mignon with potatoes. Brought the potatoes home for someone else.
Plain Cheese Pizza
Crunch Wrap Supreme
Red Thai Curry
Spaghetti &amp; Meatballs
Lunch Platter
french toast with berry compote &amp; maple yoghurt ♡
Three Mini Cheesecakes That You Can Make In Minutes - No Bake
Asian-style marinated chicken breast with cucumber and spring onion salad and dressing on rice.
Naan pizza with crispy prosciutto and caramelized shallots
Viral video of Myvi hitting van: Police arrest local man - The Sun Daily
Smoked BBQ baby back ribs.
Cheesy Dak Galbi
This is a Brownie Lasagna I photographed.
fun size pancakes
Cow's stomach curry, have you taste ever?
Japanese Chicken Katsu Curry + Italian Rice
Terry's Chocolate Orange Cheesecake Recipe
Spanish tortilla with potatoes and red pepper
Halloween cupcakes 😁
Dry aged steak and eggs with toast.
https://ift.tt/2LR2aUN
Lavish Lemon Meringue
Bruchetta topped with tomato salsa and peanut butter apple
Pork tenderloin with grilled onions and peaches
Dutch Oven Garlic and Rosemary Country Boule
this 1lb monster of a bacon cheeseburger at a new locally owned business!
Shoyu Ramen with Homegrown Mushrooms
steak and cheese melt
Wallstreetbets Macarons (@stephsmacarons)
Pita with mayo, cheese, onions, crispy onions, zucchini, letucce and tomatoes on the
avocado with red caviar
Butter chicken, basmati rice and chole
chicken and cheese piping enchiladas w/pickled red onions, sliced jalapeños, Chipotle ranch and cilantro cream
Meatloaf and Mashed Potatoes
brioche bun, burger and fries
Latkes in Progress II
Ratatouille, inspired here by u/lubomsky
Crispy Buffalo Chicken Sandwich
Here’s my link to try Gousto! Use it to get 50% off your box, PLUS 30% off all other boxes.
vanilla bean creme brûlée
Armadillo eggs
Pepperoni pizza
Raspberry chocolate
sesame bagels
Wheat Flour Biscuits
Snail caviar with goat cheese on crackers
Pizza with 10g carbs
Chocolate cake with chocolate ganache and cream
homemade chocolate cake ""
Cod Fillet with Asian Greens
Salmon and quinoa salad with avocado, broccoli, spinach and tomato
chocolate fudge brownies
Stroopwafels
Texas Caviar (recipe in comments)
Blueberry Crumble
Roasted Crispy Pork Belly
Gigi Hadid Pasta
Snowman vanilla sugar cookie with lemon icing
Chicken, pork, and andouille jambalaya
chili crab, kee mao, jasmine rice, yu choi, som tam
Oxtail ragú served over rice
Premium fillet 🎣!
Pork Afritada (a Filipino dish)
Hot and Sour Soup plus noodles
red sauce spaghetti recipe❤❤
pancakes with bday bacon (the irony, I know)
Harlem Bodega Chopped Cheese Sandwich
Fried egg and homegrown sprouts on broccoli stalks, carrots, and potato with a garlic tahini sauce. Wonderful hodgepodge brunch
Tri Tip and Potatoes
Made myself some breakfast to feel better about the cold day
jollof rice, fried rice, plantains, turkey, n salad
Steamed Dim Sum
Shrimp Po’Boys
Brioche French Toast w/ peanut butter and maple syrup
Peking duck with an assortment of sauces and add one.
Creme Caramel
How To Light A Konro Grill By A Michelin Star Master Chef, Jacob Bickelhaupt
Cast Iron Apple Pie
test
Baingan Bharta
Garlic Soy Ramen Noodles
Steak and veg with Mac n cheese for my rats.
Butchering a Fugu pufferfish. I had no idea they were this big.
Leftover Tri-tip Stir Fry.
Pizza crocche - white pie with fennel sausage, ham, potato croquettes
Baby
eggs with cheese, “ham”, onion and cherry tomatoes in a puff pastry.
Teriyaki-seared Ahi tuna, asian sesame slaw, wontons and balsamic glaze on toasted Tribeca batard
Beef &amp; Broccoli Stir-Fry
2 patty’s wrapped in bacon w cheese in between in burger form with Pirates Booty and lemonade
Cherry tomato tatin with chorizo
Charcuterie Board
Viral Video of Monkey Licking a Lollipop Is The Cutest Thing on Internet Today | Watch - India.com
chocolate and cherries cake
Pho iN Springvale Melbourne Aus
Pizza with Pesto Cream Cheese Stuffed Crust!
ricotta herb ravioli
Hand piped Mix Tape Sugar Cookie
Grilled Seafood Kabobs
I made some of the best fajitas I've ever eaten.
Nutella uncrustables
pepperoni, pineapple, poblano, Pred Onion pan pizza for my birthday
Portuguese-styled Clams in Cascais, Portugal.
Hibachi Style Steak and Fried Rice
Feta eggs with chorizo &amp; herby yoghurt
beef tenderloin
Spicy Jumbalaya
Chicken fresco pizza
Turkey casserole
Best Arbi Sabzi Recipe in urdu kachaloo
Oxtail noodle soup with Chinese aromatics and dried black fungus
Tostones
Tonight’s zesty, allotment-grown, kale Caesar salad with garlic Parmesan croutons and breadcrumbs.
I’m in love
Yesterday was my birthday and my mum, since she knows I love sushi, made this surprise cake to me. Could Reddit show her some love? &lt;3
I am learning how to make sushi with a fancy presentation ^^ I have bought the utensils and cutlery online, I love it.
chicken breast
Baked Pears! Never done before so very excited!
Clone of halalguys chicken over rice
Crab Cake Sandwich | Cajun Apple Slaw | Roasted Sweet Potato Puree | Spinach
dark chocolate birthday cake with lemon buttercream frosting
Roast Pork
garlic naan &amp; curry meatballs
Raclette leftovers revisited 🤤
8 Cancer Prevention Rules You Are Probably Violating
“Chips” and “guac” cake
smoked turkey
White pizza: Västerbotten cheese, creme Fraiche, beets, kale, walnuts, capers
Chocolate cake with Oreo swiss meringue buttercream and chocolate ganache
Mexican Fried Rice &amp; Hot Sauce
Summer Squash &amp; Tomato Risotto with Grilled Chicken
Shrimp Alfredo
Fried chicken and Mickey cornmeal waffles
Veggie kebap with yaourt sauce.
Bread with cheese and spices
Pizza on the fly.
Lobster ravioli with calabrian chili cream sauce, and julienned fries
omelette, smoked ham and cheddar melt.
French Onion Soup Tarte Tatin
Red lentil pasta w/ tomato basil red sauce, yellow squash, spinach, “ beef” and “mozzarella”
Barbecue Pulled Pork Pizza
Fresh scallops, grilled in the shell with butter and ponzu
Beef heart taco with avocado, guajillo salsa and tortillas!
Roasted Chicken with veggies and fondant potatoes
meatballs, roasted Brussel sprouts, maple butternut squash, caprese salad, artichoke dip, tiramisu for potluck!
Japanese Mango Souffle
oxtail noodle soup
Roasted butternut squash, sautéed zucchini, squash, onion, black beans, with a pumpkin seed, cilantro, onion, jalapeño, lime pesto. Garnished with radish and cilantro.
Bacon, egg, cheese &amp; hash brown.
kimchi (cabbage, carrots, daikon, ginger, scallions)
Mums Christmas trifle.
Curry Udon
Foot long Italian Sub  bread and salt and vinegar chips
Boycott good humor
Serious Eats Potato Hasselback Gratin
Tagliatelle with browned butter, cream, lemon, parmesan and topped with pine nuts and fresh parsley
Pink frosted cookies
Garlic bread n dip
seared short rib in a bourbon cream pan sauce
Slow roasted drunk oven pizza
polenta, spinach, and beef
Lemon, orzo, chicken and vegetable soup
chocolate pudding pie, two ways
Pork adobo
Buddha Bowl
Big Mac Pizza
Braised beef tacos, pickled onion, cilantro/coriander
Ramen made for my birthday dinner by my SO. : noodles, broth and soy eggs.
German Vanillekipferl
BBQ pulled pork nachos
Trump impeachment trial: Live updates - CNN
Triple cooked fries
Police uncover ‘possible plot’ by militia to breach Capitol - WRAL.com
lemon blueberry bread
Pizza with brussel sprouts and bacon
Peshawar Golden Pulaw Rice
Mont phet htok - Burmese stickyrice dumpling
Cinnamon buns
Better than your Egg Sandwich | One Pan Egg Toast
Smoked sausage, peppers, and onions
sesame garlic ramen with softish boiled egg
Instant Pot bacon ground turkey chili, with a tablespoon of cocoa powder
Cranberry Meringue Tart. One dish down for the big day tomorrow!
Goats cheese and caramelised onion Panini
Chả giò - Vietnamese spring rolls
Butter Croissants!

Tartiflette - Potatoes, bacon, munster and reblochon cheese and onions
Vanillekipferl
New Years Spatchcock Chicken!
Levain style cookies (Oatmeal Raisin, Cocoa Passionfruit, Chocolate Chip) &amp; Stuffed brownies (Hojicha, Nutella, Matcha)
Italian sushi aka pepperoni rolls
Lumpia, Pancit, Lechon
Vietnamian Phở
New Year’s hot pot/Shabu shabu
pudding recipe..
Suuuuushi
Looks good. Also there's steak.
General Tso's Chicken
Smoked Spare Ribs with Soy Honey Glaze
Buttermilk biscuits and sausage gravy
Crystal bread, porcini,black trumpets&amp;onion jam, 24k edible gold.
charcuterie board I made with friends today.
Mac N Cheese Crust Pulled Pork Pizza
Cheesy Chicken Milanese and Arugula Salad
Almond Flour Battered Chicken Tenders.
General Tso chicken
Banana Maple Triangle Muffins with Maple Glaze
elote
Taiwanese style fried rice stuffed boneless chicken wings
brunch tacos 😋
Touchless sanitizer dispensers are an important tool for reducing and eliminating the spread of bacteria and germs. This Touchless dispenser can be used to quickly provide the right amount of sanitization needed from any given place.
Pregnancy craving: waffle fries, refríed beans and chorizo, topped with Valentina hot sauce
Oklahoma Fried Onion Burger
My 11 yo requested gourmet cereal for lunch (after eating a sweet potato) and then wanted to share a pic on Reddit!
pumpkin antipasto
Buttermilk muffins
How the brain works
Sourdough Everything Wood-fired Bagel with Homemade Lox Schmear
Chicken Teriyaki accompanied with white rice and broccoli
chorizo and eggs with tortillas and homemade sourcream enchilada sauce.
Strawberry ombré cake w/ mascarpone frosting; Pecan caramel shortbread; snickerdoodles
Sour marinaded pot roast with potato dumplings and red cabbage
I made the perfect pancake
Chocolate Cupcakes w/ Vanilla Buttercream
Nutella cone with strawberries and bananas
Veggie Stir-fry, Fragrant Rice, and Marinated Shrimp
Chocolate Brioche Buns
Smoked Ribs
bbq
Chicken Tikka Masala with toasted brown mustard seed rice.
Back Bacon Grilled Cheese Sandwich.
Bruger with brioche bun.
Poppy seed and plum cake
Chicken and Beef burger :))
Onam Sadya
harissa-rubbed sirloin steak, red pepper sauce, grilled tomatoes and couscous
Does Reddit like tamales? 🫔
honey soy chicken with roasted cauliflower and carrots
Individual beef Wellington, smashed potatoes, Brussels sprouts, Brazilian cheese bread.
IND vs ENG, 2nd Test, Day 2 Live Score: Ravichandran Ashwin Strikes Again, England 39/4 At Lunch - NDTVSports.com
Pulled Pork Burger with self-made Brioche Bun and BBQ Sauce
banans and oats cookies
a Simpsons donut
Pork chops with saga and sauce, which worked great!
Smoked pork belly burnt ends
Goan Fish Curry
hamburger
Soft thick cookie with toffee and salt flakes.
carrot cake cupcakes
Never tried mosaic sushi roll before. Mango, bonito, veggies and yuzu ponzu.
Pie, chips, gravy &amp; mushy peas
Grilled cheese
#halloween #halloween2020 #enjoy your #apple #recipes ””
Steak quesadillas
Dinner rolls!
Some  weedlies I made the other day, Guess what the secret ingredient is!
Superbowl Sunday wouldn’t be complete without wings
pork chop with soy-garlic glaze
Shrimp Alfredo tonight
Baked apples stuffed with cream cheese and walnuts.
Heirloom BLT
Whole wheat blend sourdough pizza.
Lump crab cake with yum yum sauce and micro greens (didn't make the bun)
pho broth
Breakfast Braid
Chicken Chow Mein
Shrimp, tomatoes, spinach, and fettuccine tossed in a lemon basil cream sauce.
Lamb Tagine
Ras Malai Cake!
Donuts
roasted veggies, mashed potatoes, and Impossible Burger meatloaf.
Shrimp burrito with french fries, pepper jack, and chipotle slaw
Small town steak house + local beef = best steak I have ever had!
Persian Beef Koobideh (kebab), Tahdig (rice), Barbari (bread), and chocolate mousse
Chicken Tikka Masala with Garlic Naan Bread and Rice.
Grilled cheese sandwich
Calories in 3 chop(s) of Lamb - Chop.
Sautéd cucumbers, jalapeño and seasoned chicken over classic unseasoned ramen.
Perfect Cream Puffs for Christmas
this shit, bro what’s that. I cleaned it now can i still use it? ^_^
Surf &amp; Turf battle! Calamari was beheaded but on grits has the high ground over reverse sear steak!
Shrimp Scampi Spaghetti with Celery Leaves
Carmelized Onion and Squash Tart
Zombie meatloaf.
Chicken Cordon Bleu/Bacon Cheeseburger Pizza.
Lemon Poppyseed Loaf
Banana pudding ice cream &amp; Carrot cake ice cream! 😋
celeriac purée, local scallops, sautéed Swiss chard, crispy butternut squash garnished with truffle oil
Cereal (Peanut Butter Chex, Banana Nut Cheerios, Banana, Almonds, and Almond Milk w/ Protein Powder)
chocolate cake with berry garnish
Shawarma, fries and olive sauce
Restaurant
Everything bagel, nova lox, capers,Neufchâtel cheese, poached eggs, hollandaise
Snowman milk bread
Chicken Wellington
Carrot Cake with Cream Cheese Buttercream Frosting
Banana breakfast waffles
Vegan Lumpia
braciole.
Food Bank of Western Massachusetts to move headquarters, warehouse and distribution center to Chicopee - MassLive.com
Butter browned and roasted chicken with herb potatoes and garlic broccoli
Cheese burger
Chips n stuff
Baby bok choy with sesame oil + soybean and gochujang paste.
"", Sweet Corn Garlic
Hungry as a child, this Philadelphia woman now uses her own house as a food pantry - The Philadelphia Inquirer
YouTuber 'Korean Billy' nails Cov accent in hilarious viral video - Coventry Live
Italian Sausage &amp; Rice Stuffed Bell Pepper w/Homemade Sourdough Garlic Bread
pozole verde con pollo
Oven ribs, potato salad, baked beans with jalapeño cheddar cornbread
I found this perfect recipe for a Biscoff Cheesecake and thought you all need to see it!
Rosemary lamb loin with mint chutney
Pancakes with powdered sugar and strawberries and syrup and butter
Peppermint Bark!
Fried Chicken Fillet with rice and vegetables
Pan de Muerto (traditional Mexican Day of the Dead bread)
Grande New York Style Berry Cheesecake
Mac and cheese bites.
Spinach cake
Royal Icing Cookies
Korean Mayak Gueran
Tamagoyaki
Fettuccine Bolognese
Chicken Fried Rice! . "Listen my advice... Eat chicken and rice if you want to stay healthy and wise." 😎🤟
Boneless pork rib
Patacón con hogao (plantain fritters with Colombian sofrito)
Nachos!
Mexican pizza with salad
Egg rolls
PIZZA WITH INDIAN TOUCH
Wee Bâtard
Wedge Salad with Homemade Blue Cheese Dressing
Kimchi rice and Bibimbap
I made a hundred dumplings
Chocolate Crepe Cake
Chicken braid duo
Cottage pie!
French Toast on Jamaican Hard Dough Bread with El Mercado Honey
Applesauce
Egg in a hole French Toast
Gulab Jamuns
https://pin.it/1ZVXYgz
Jamaican patties.
French toast with blueberry and strawberry sauce topped with cinnamon
M&amp;M Blondies
This lobster roll
Bitterballen and Patatje Oorlog
Standing Rib Roast et all
“” chicken tikka kabab
Stuffed shells
chicken ramen stirfry
Chicken Rolls with mayo &amp; ketchup dip
conchinita pibil tacos, creamy guac, pickled onions, sweetened habeñeros
Steak Egg and Cheese Breakfast
Kunafa (Turkish Dessert) with Bread
Letter cake
Brekkie: Perfectly microwaved bacon, scrambled eggs (with extra cheese!), and fried baked potato with onion. Very, very good.
chicken piccata
20 lbs of pork shoulder. 8 hrs, hickory wood, homemade rub.
butter cake with butter icing
my second attempt at making sushi
Made a homemade seafood dish for the family. They loved it. AJust found this group so wanted to share it here!
Chicken Pie w/ French and Curly Fries
Organic Bison Nachos
Butter chicken, rice and garlic naan
okonomiyaki
Sri Lankan Biriyani
Urinary shedding of spike protein in COVID-19 patients - News-Medical.Net
chicken wings with a salsa baked potato. Some people prolly think it’s nasty but it slaps.
Elote with an over easy egg on top
Onam Sadhya from a couple of days ago!
Yakiniku on a cold night
Viral video shows huge crocodile eating two sharks in Far North Queensland - 7NEWS.com.au
La Frieda meats burger wit cheeee
yakitori (Japanese grilled chicken skewers)
Chicken Adobo with Garlic Fried Rice
Bánh xèo
Gram Flour Balls - Just 10 mins for preparation very healthy and tasty recipe. Gluten Free!
First Try at Taco
Aero Mint Cheesecake
Moussaka
White wine steamed mussels, frites, and shaved Brussel sprouts bacon salad
Cherry and Hickory wood smoked Brisket
Hunny Butter Chicken Biscuit. Yes that’s honey butter, not another viscous white liquid.
steak, baked potatoes and brussel sprouts
marinated asparagus, prosciutto, cherry tomato sheet pan pizza
Chicken Broccoli Alfredo
Mixed Berry Panna Cotta!
McRibs!
Chicken fried rice in a wok
Meat Lovers Nachos
Ribeye topped with mushrooms and onions, with baked potato and salad.
My first attempt at making authentic Italian Carbonara
spinach empanadas my mom just made
Mille feuilles by me
Surf and Turf with Garlic Mashed Potatoes
Scallops, Deep fried scallop roe, Parsnip puree, Sautee asparagus, Hazelnut bacon parsely crumb.
Grilled steak Alfredo on top of riced cauliflower, with grilled Brussel sprouts
Brisket sandwich
Chicken Kabob Plate
roasted maple mustard chicken with butternut and acorn squash, apples, and pears. Served with apple cider.
vegan chilli
Indo Chinese Cuisines
https://ift.tt/39fPwYf
Rum cake :)
Chorizo Mac &amp; Cheese
CPI inflation eases in January, IIP returns to growth path in Dec - Hindustan Times
Lol this is like whT im trying to do😭😭😭
double angus sirloin with cheese and hashbrown stack on a croissant
pastrami Reuben &amp; homemade kosher dill pickles
Cashew Marzi-pandas
Chicken katsu sandwich with a spicy coleslaw and tonkatsu sauce
Spicy tagliatelle with ricotta, cream, diced chorizo and tomato.
a cupcake with a Thanksgiving theme
cinnamon buns.
pizza grade us
Chips and gravy
Chicken Ramen w/Bok Choy &amp; Miso
Plum pie 🥧
Super giant carrot
A5 Wagyu with black garlic tamari sauce.
Lamb Chop Loins
apple butter.
Banana protein shake
?
跳水鱼 Spicy Boiled Fish
Steak Caesar Salad
carrot cake with mascarpone filling
Fettuccine Alfredo with asparagus and chicken. Made the pasta by hand also.
Chicken tikka masala
Filet, mashed potatoes and bacon-wrapped enoki mushrooms
A tasty cheeseburger
Salt and pepper halloumi bites and hot dog topped with BBQ pulled pork and cheese
Spicy Chicken Ramen
Lamb Curry and garlic naan
Prawn toast with Cantonese Curry
pan fried Tilapia and rice pilaf
Huge ravioli filled with spinach, ricotta, parmesan, and prosciutto
Bucatini with Garlic, Oregano, and Parsley
Crab Stuffed Mushrooms!
How To Make Microwave Potato Chips Recipe -  Potato Chips!
Beef Short Rib w cheddar mash fresh pesto and roasted Roma
meatballs with spaghetti pending
Buffalo Chicken Grilled Cheese
Miso soup/hijiki seaweed/oshitashi spinach/Panko coated fried tofu with dipping sauce/ sunomono cucumber salad/miso glazed eggplant
this delicious simple dish
Pasta Salad
Bookweitenschubbers (East Frisian Buckwheat Pancakes)
Korean BBQ Wings
Stick Kebab
Short Rib Ragu, Pappardelle and Rosemary Focaccia
Diner Lasagna
Moroccan style eggs in tomato sauce
red velvet cake with candied oranges
Trying my hand at dry aged beef. Black Angus ribeyes. See you in 30 days!
Tonight’s creation: grilled chicken flatbread with chipotle siracha sauce, cilantro, goat cheese and red onion. Option 2: salami, roasted tomato, banana pepper with basil and fresh mozzarella chunks.
double dipped buttermilk soaked fried chicken sandwich on potato bread
Calories in 2 can(s) of Beer - Avg.
Animal style fries.
Pulled BBQ Chicken wraps
Peanut Butter and Carr's Crackers.
Plant based non-meatballs , spaghetti, and a marinara sauce.
Convalescent plasma may help COVID-19 virus to evolve, become less susceptible to antibodies - TheHealthSite
clam chowder
Cane’s yesterday. It’s amazing! They definitely gained a new costumer.
Whole chicken, mashed potatoes &amp; gravy, carrots, rolls &amp; chocolate cake
Nutella brownies
soy glazed seared tuna
Surf and turf dinner with the new Camp Chef Woodwind
pretzels and beer cheese
Spatchcock dry brined Holiday Turkey
Crab Imperial
Broccoli and cheese stuffed chicken breast and black bean nachos
Korean Street food style "toast" (aka grilled sammich)
Korean Bossam (보쌈) and Teokbukki (떡볶이)
Braised pheasant leg and pan seared breast with parsnip crisps
Homemade Crab Cake Sandwich
scotch eggs for breakfast a few days ago.
Creamy Mayo salad pizza
My sourdough starter is exploding, day 6..
Panna cotta with strawberry
SFV. Brownies coming aoon
Triple Chocolate Fudge Brownies
Finger Sandwich
Creamy vegan ramen &amp; brussel sprouts.
MASALA IDLY FRY
Gluten-Free Brownies - Made by King Arthur Baking Co. (Oldest flour company in the US) - Host - Matt from Sampoll
Onigiri and Kimbap bento
5 layer cake; chocolate mousse, hazelnut pastry, hazelnut streusel, hazelnut praline, and vanilla cake covered with dual-coloured mirror glaze plus macarons to top off
Slow Cooked beef Stew.
chickpea curry and naan
Rainbow cupcakes
Buzz Pops - the World's #1 Alcoholic Pops this past weekend and they get my 5 stars
Mini Pumpkin Pies
Ube Halaya (PURPLE YAM JAM)
Chili Cheese Fries
smoky chickpeas, eggs, halloumi and avocado
Vanilla and Chocolate Mix Ice Cream
I attempted coach Greg's anabolic french toast
Kombucha with elder flowers &amp; styrian apple flavor
https://ift.tt/2YLIxAh
Chicken Parm Meatballs
Cheddar Mac n’ cheese.
Made an Italian pork sausage and bean stew last night, with fresh grated Parmesan and lemon zest.
Burgers - the bun &amp; sauce was out of this world 🌎 😛
Made a lovely Ratatouille for my family served as one of the dishes at New Years!
Tomato, onion, garlic, and herb focaccia
rump steak
Carnitas tacos... 12 hour cooked carnita meat, avacado-tomatillo verde sauce, queso fresco, Fran cilantro.
guinea pig
Healthy Asian Chicken Lettuce Cups
Shallot Pepper pork chops with Caccio e Pepe
Pecorino gougères with herbed goat cheese mousse filling
6 lbs smoked Pork Butt &gt; Pulled Pork
lemon shrimp macaroni and cheese
Potato Knishes
Chicken parm panini
spaghetti bolognese
Sirloin, sushi rice and salmon caviar
Chocolate, hazelnut and caramel cake
pepperoni bacon/veggie pizza because that makes it healthy, right?
Neapolitan style Pizza Margherita
Cast Iron Skillet Garlic Naan
Chicken teriyaki, ginger dressing dressed salad, miso soup, and cold chai tea
Beautiful Spare Ribs on my Smoker!
Chocolate Pancakes topped with Strawberries, Melted Kinder Bars, Chocolate Chips and Cream.
CHEESE PIZZA, HOW TO MAKE HOMEMADE PIZZA
Thai style spicy shrimp salad
CARROT CAKE WITH ONLY 4 INGREDIENTS !!!
Duck and vegetable pan fried noodles with blackened bok choy and sambal, hoisin, black bean chili sauces.
Late Nite Noodles 🍜
Coquito Cupcakes with Swiss Meringue Buttercream
Roast chicken and thyme with roast vegetables and apple and sage sauce
Jamaican Bun &amp; Cheese Gourmet Jamaican Easter Bun Spices pro chef
Union, Beef, Jalapeños, Cheddar, Bacon and mayonaise Burger
Waffles &amp; Eggs for Breakfast.
Tonight I'll be eating Tomahawk Steak
Caramel Pecan Cheesecake
Butter
Honey Garlic Chicken with broccoli
Sous vide lamb loin, pan roasted lamb loin,hay smoked lamb tenderloin, lamb jus, sauteed brassica, red onion tarte ta tain and butternut squash puree
Pepperoni Made From Beets
Chicken and sausage gumbo.
Salty Caramel and Raspberry Macarons
snack platter
Chicken Spaghetti
soy &amp; honey glazed chicken bao buns
pizza with avocado, tomato and mozzarella
zucchini soup with labneh
Focaccia bread
18-hour Smoked Brisket to ring in 2021
Salmon Wellington
Lobster soup
a Kebab
Green apple with gorgonzola cheese pizza
Olive oil fried, flipped and basted eggs on top off a toasted roast beef and mayonnaise sandwich
Cheese and meat board with a side of fried egg and bread
Cinnamon cheesecake brownies
Scallop risotto
Gordon Bleu
Veggie Pizza Burger
Bacon Jalapeno Popper melt
White Chocolate Raspberry Cheesecake
Beef Wellington, herbed mashed potatoes, and green bean casserole
smoked salmon and scrambled eggs
A very large chocolate milkshake
Seared scallops and shrimp, sautéed asparagus, blistered cherry tomatoes, creamy polenta with lemon zest and roasted garlic topped with brown butter
Pork Green Chile
Sauted mushrooms and asparagus with potatoes,inspired by Reddit :)
Indices snap 5-day losing streak
stuffed shells
stuffed pineapple with shrimp and crab topped with melted cheese
Dry rub pork chop with lemon honey glaze
open pies with chicken, potato &amp; mushrooms
Chicago Style
Biscuits and Chorizo Gravy
Pizza on the big green egg
Taiwan's Keelung Night Market
Filet Mignon, Lamb Rib Chops &amp; King Crab
Super easy restaurant recipe for Parmigiana di Melanza
Cheesy Potato and Egg Hash
DeToxivity Cook: Red Cream Paste-Hearted Velvet Cake
CHICKEN BURGER with Charcoal Activated Bun
Cook Buckwheat roasted groats  .
Spaghetti squash casserole
Paneer tikka with charred corn on the cob and chutney.
tamago (Japanese style omelet)
a Texas Donut
Crispy Chicken wraps with guac and marinated red Onions
kind of an eggs Benedict with goats cheese, smoked salmon, soft boiled egg
Vegetable Egg Cake
Steak Ramen
Gordon Ramsay's World's Best Brownies
sri lankan night in
stewed liver, rice w/ corn
I ate mac and cheese burger
Choccolate cake with triple berries
Some  Chocolate waffle
fancy hot chocolate
Dry aged ribeye, potato leek mash
Vegetarian Brunch
I made some fried Hake tacos
Chocolate/raspberry waffle
S'mores Dip
Choppino
Burrito with grilled lamb jerky and kimchi&amp;veggie fried rice plus onion
Braised red wine short ribs with parmesan polenta
a Hoagie
chicken n’ cheddar hot pockets
Clam Tagliatelle
Creamy pasta with peas and wild garlic picked in the local forest.
Income Tax Department raids 15 locations of Zee Entertainment - The Indian Express
spicy Korean fried chicken sandwich
Si zici my cat loves eating bolognese pasta. Link for the full video in comments
Chicken wings with Schezwan sauce
Lego Kitchen: Торт Лего Коронавирус (COVID19) - ACMP cтоп моушен/Мукбанг
Foccacia
AirFryer Potato Wedges
Ramen Noodles
Caramel flan
Seafood Paella
Steamed pork with rice
Pumpkin Pie! 🎃
Có Thể Nào??XÀ BÔNG CỤC Làm Nguyên Liệu Cho Món CÁ HỒI NƯỚNG Độc - Lạ🤔 |...
Sweet potato gnocchi with seafood marinara
Banana bread.
Family style lamb kebabs with all the fixings
rookie challah bake from Smitten Kitchen
Tried for a stew, more of a soup...took notes for improvement when I make it next. Chicken, carrots, celery, potatoes, onions, parm cheese, chicken broth. Ciabatta on the side.
Rigatoni with Salsiccia Ragu
I ate  French onion soup
Bun cake with strawberry cream filling
Impossible beef bulgogi meatballs with rice
Deer meat chili
Thanksgiving inspired festive lunch. Uk edition
Mummy Meatloaf
Peanut Butter Chocolate Layer Cake
Nana’s devils food cake
steak and cheese sandwich
apple galette
Sliced Beef and Brisket Pho
Chicken Shawarma with Tzatziki, Garlic Herb Rice, and a Chopped Greek Salad
Honey cake with blackberry compote/lemon curd, and a marbled lavender buttercream
Beets
Harry’s Berries (Oxnard, CA) jam + strawberries
Spicy rotisserie chicken stirfry
Aloo chicken Mini Food village food Aalu Gosht miniature cooking
Brown sugar cake with salted caramel chocolate drip and condensed milk frosting, topped with marshmallows
so I made a lemon blueberry pound cake too
San Antonio Food Bank says demand from military community has more than doubled during the pandemic - KSAT San Antonio
hotdog with jalapeño cream cheese, diced jalapeño, strawberry jam, and panko
Soy garlic Korean fried chicken!!
donuts: PB&amp;J, cookie dough,biscoff, cookies and cream, ‘netflix&amp;chill’ and ‘fairy bread’
Beef &amp; shrimp pho
Korean Rice Hot Dogs!
Mayak Eggs (Korean Drug Eggs)
Chickpea Spinach Curry on Rice with Raisins and Cashew Nuts
All veggie pizza
prime rib
Angel Hair Pasta with Mussels
mutton biriyani with fridge chicken onion salad with mayonnaise
Cooperation or competition
Carrot soup without cream.
Double Cheese Burger
Peking Duck and Mushroom Pasta. Leftover mileage.
SAVOY CABBAGE Stew
My  Salmon dinner was great!
Carne Porco à Alentejana and Fresh Baked Papo Secos
Sextuple cheese burger
frito burger! Who knew?
Super crispy General Tso Chicken
Will Viral Video's Bowling Alley Score Funds From PETA? - PETA
Indian Leftover Combo
Pasta Aglio E Olio
Meat, cheese, and seafood spread.
Smoked and roasted porkbutt.
Honey Sriracha Baked Wings
Oven baked BBQ short ribs, collard greens with smoked turkey wings and garlic and herb mashed potatoes 🤤
Braised Ribs w/ Carrot &amp; Onion
Lemon Tart!
Traditional food
Coconut and Raspberry Cake
Cheese Platter
Italian-Dutch fusion food: culurgiones stuffed with stamppot andijvie
fried chicken breast with roasted potatoes, cabbage and garlic with Italian braid bread
Duck breast
Pork Chile Verde Tacos
reverse seared rib steak with garlic and Rosemary infused mashed potatoes
Ethiopian food
New food I made thoughts?
cheesecake with berries
24 Layer Chocolate Cake
Alaskan Hot Smoked Sockeye Salmon ,fully cooked
Top Sirloin and Fondant potatoes with beets and asparagus purée
Oreo frappe
Carbonara (with not enough meat)
French Baguette
Enchiladas en mole
fish, truffle mashed potatoes, rice
Mummy Pizza
Spelt Sourdough with Golden Flax seeds &amp; Wheatberries and a sesame seed sea salt crust
Sushi! Seabass,salmon,tuna,eel and mackerel Nigiri
chilli and garlic prawns on the bbq.
Beef Tamales
Walnut maple sticky buns
Gateau Breton With Apricot Filling
A nice funnel cakes with powdered sugar and strawberry and chocolate.
lamb shanks and fries :)
Beignets with Strawberry Simple Syrup
French Apple Pie!
Lotus Biscoff Cupcakes
caprese panini
Watermelon Sago Dessert
Chicken and Dumplings with homemade broth
Honey-beer-mustard rib roast w/ turnip shoot rice and roasted potatoes

Zucchini Lasagne
Chocolate Ice Cream Recipe (Only 3-Ingredients)
nduja and prosciutto pasta with pecorino.
Sugarplum Macchiato
Dems feel 'a great deal of urgency' ahead of Georgia runoffs: Stacey Abrams - ABC News
Peach pie, sugar free
Fried Chicken and Mac and Cheese Snoop dogg style
Smoked Esquites 🔥🌽🔥🌽
Spouse’s ginger cookies
shrimp and salmon bake
Pumpkin cheesecake with maple-bourbon pecans—my daughter made this!!!
Mussels In Wine Sauce
spicy, crispy tofu
American Flag Cake Recipe - Stop Motion Cooking ASMR
a slim Jim. Today is the day so here is a slim Jim (mods please be nice I’m scared)
Four Wagyu hanger steaks and 2lbs Diver caught sea scallops, I’m so excited. Stay tuned to see what they turn into tonight
Sesame Crusted Tuna w/ Teriyaki vinegar dipping sauce
Pumpkin Cake Donuts
My inaugural batch of pancetta, ready for its wet cure in the fridge. Recipe from Sous Chef Erik.
Hone senbei (fried eel bones)
shrimp, steak, loaded potato
buckwheat n einkorn sourdough
Breakfast for dinner
Eggs with Persian sides
pork belly with mint shishito sofrito
pulled pork teriyaki bao buns
Pork floss and green onion cake roll
Open face Toast w/ Peanut Butter &amp; Blueberries. The perfect snack and easy way to use leftover berries
Christmas Day pizza
12hours 80C,slow-cook shin of beef. Mouth melt
Latkes.
my daughter’s chocolate cupcakes with buttercream frosting
double bacon cheeseburger with panko onion ring
Pici (thick spaghetti from Tuscany) with vegan tofu ragù
Turkey jerky
Fried codliver sandwich with apple and chicken skin
Vegan Lasagna
browned butter, pecans, hazelnuts, and chocolate chip cookies
Street food 🤤😍😍
Kale and Goat Cheese Quiche
Mini, Pesto, Pizzas!
, and loved cricket flour
Cuban sandwiches with slow cooked pulled pork
Starfruit upside down cake
Dim Sum Chili Oil
seasoned beef tacos with guac
Pelmeni, Russian dumplings
i made these cookies
Pre-Order NOW! *testing demand for  dozen chocolate covered strawberries, credit card will not be charged only if/when product is launched in future
Sometimes it the small things. Toast with homemade Sourdough bread, Serrano ham, Mozarella and Pesto.
Attempt at greek-style pizza
Wild giant prawns
Tori paitan ramen
Bolognese, Ciabatta Garlic Bread
dalgona coffee with oatmilk
Spaghetti with Chilean abalone sauce.
Cheesecake with Cherry Topping
Chicken Marsala with garlic mashed potatoes.
Quick Chinese style soup.
Meatballs in tomato sauce
French toast with berries
Black Bean Pork Ribs with Taro
Meatball Sub with pesto, provolone, and roasted tomato and pepper sauce
Lamb shoulder blade chop w/ carrots, onions, garlic &amp; herbs; cooked in red wine sauce
Chile Verde for Valentine’s Day Din Din
Pizza Night with the Turtles (Homemade Dough, Tomato Sauce, Mozzarella and Beef Salami/Lamb Meatballs)
Trump Impeachment Live Updates: Senate draws closer to vote on whether to convict or acquit - CBS News
Chicken breasts seasoned with salt and pepper and cooked to exactly 165° on a paper plate.
Strawberry rhubarb pie.
Beef Bourguignon (pt2)
Pizza Bianca with roasted mushrooms and parma ham
(F)irst light wagyu ribeye, 40 day dry aged ribeye, Maine lobster tails and foie gras
Winter salad with spinach, salmon, roasties and other goodies
Steamed Scallops
Toasted flatbread topped with whipped feta, prosciutto, basil oil and chillies
Hummus and Falafel
Turkey kebabs
Bolognese with spaghetti and garlic rubbed toast
Frikadellen and marinated salad
Chicken
Schnitzel with fried potato and vegetables
Hummus and pita bread
chocolatine with gianduja
Pepperoni and kalamata olive pizza
I may have become a little creative making my food
Eggs benedict.
Mouth Watering Dish of Pakistan called Gol Gappa
Chipotle steak
Ground Turkey 🦃
Italian lemon cake with lemon pastry cream
shiitake/miso broth ramen complete with steamed baby bok choy, corn, crispy tofu, and ajit soft boiled egg
Days and days and even more days later..... YAY! Normality....but wait. Why does everyone crave  brain?! .
Chocolate cheesecake w/ toasted coconut, caramel &amp; chocolate topping
Bacon Wrapped Wagyu Filet with Spinach Pesto Risotto
椒盐肉排 Salt and Pepper Pork Chops
Tandoori chicken
Marzipan
testing new Quiche recipes for work, caramelized onions with Swiss or goat cheese tomato and spinach???
Maple pork tenderloin with apples
Roasted Fall Squash with Pickled Apples, Mizithra Cheese, and Pretzel Emulsion
Stella Artois marinated pork chops topped with blueberry espress reduction
tiramisu
Cheesy Fiesta Potatoes
Colombian Changua breakfast soup.
Feta and Chestnut mushroom parcels with a blueberry compote.
Bagel for breakfast sandwich
130.5 Degree Sous Vide Ribeye
Chocolate chip muffins
Tres Leches
Homemade chicken ramen
Beef Brisket Smoked For 17 Hours
Western burger with beer battered onion rings / bacon jalapeño poppers
Chicago Style Pizza with traditional red sauce, whole-milk mozzarella, premium pepperoni, Italian sausage, sliced mushrooms, and black olives, garnished with Roma tomatoes, green peppers and herb &amp; cheese blend
Omakase Sushi Set
salami, pepperoni, mozzarella w/tomato, spinach and basil, on tiger bread.
Omelet Souffle from Food Wars
Bologna Sandwich. House-made, pecan-smoked beef bologna, bourbon-brown sugar bacon marmalade, homemade pimiento cheese, sweet pickled peppers, mustard and house-baked bread. A jar of pimiento cheese in the back.
Corned Beef Sandwich with Swiss and Coleslaw
Spinach Mafaldine
18 hour smoked brisket
Cheese cake with cherries
Panang Curry Noodle Bowl with Beef
Rava (Semolina) Idli
A Lobster Roll in Boston
leftover rouladen pizza
Cantonese roast duck
beef stew, dumplings and swede mash. Getting cold here, needed warming up.
Spaghetti &amp; meatballs with garlic baguette
Neapolitan pizza
Croquembouche
Beef carpaccio. Poached quail eggs and Gorgonzola aioli
mid-afternoon pancake snack
My Japanese strawberry shortcake with white chocolate turned out pretty good, i'm very proud!!!
Maple Pecan Sticky Buns
Fried Chicken, Black-Eyed Peas and Okra, and Roasted Potatoes with Sour Cream
toast with cheese, tomatoes and red onions such breakfast i understand.
sushi takeout
Banana Pineapple bread and chicken pot pies
Double Breakfast Burger
Lemon and pepper stuffed chicken with a creamy mushroom garlic sauce
Broccoli and cheddar quiche
I accidentally baked 25 pies instead of the 12 I signed up for for a fundraiser and then I accidentally forgot four in the fridge so here’s 21 pumpkin pies.
Taco stuffed pumpkin croissants
this in China...what is it?
Mexican chicken and noodles with a crispy cheesy quesadilla
Half pepperoni half pesto Detroit style pizza
Lemon pepper cod over buerre blanc
4 Seafood Appetizers at Fauna in Valle de Guadalupe
Toasted ham &amp; cheese wrap
Chicken n Dumplins
Kerala Style Beef Fry with Appams made with Rice Flour and Coconut Milk
Oreo cheesecake
Dinner sliders - Briosh buns, comdiment sauce, letuace, tomatoe, ground beef (loin, short rib, fat), 2 types of cheese (chedar and gauda), caramelised onions
BBQ Sampler - Spare Ribs, Pulled Pork, Onion Rings, Slaw, and Bread &amp; Butter Pickles
three by three burger
Shrimp Quesadillas With Cheddar Cheese a taste from heaven
Vodka Brined Smoked Salmon
single portion tiramisu - original Italian recipe
steak tacos!!
Mash potato, sausage, cheddar and gravy stuffed dinner roll bread cone
sloppy joe grilled cheese on sourdough
Bratwurst with spätzle and a salad
Snowskin cake truffle mooncakes
Holy Thursday Gumbo Z’Herbes
Breakfast Casserole
The Hot Ones Wings of Death with the season 13 lineup. Pain, all pain...
turkey and sides
Tandoori potatoes, dal makhani and shahi paneer paired with butter naans and strawberry lemonades, along with mango-white chocolate mousse for dessert!
Pebernødder: Traditional Danish pepper Christmas cookies
Barbecue chicken
Italian Sausage with Peppers &amp; Onions
MAKING  KOREAN FRIED CHEESE 🧀 | EASY RECIPE
huevos rancheros
American Wagyu NY strip
Norwegian skolebrod
Sunday morning french toast and bacon
Popcorn Chicken Sandwich
Fried chicken strips
Kalua Pork with Cabbage Steak.
Levain Copycat Chocolate Chip Cookies
Santa is in for a treat when he visits our house tonight. Holiday macarons, Espresso and White Chocolate Peppermint!
Empanadas with rice filling
steaming hot, fresh Jalebis
Shrimp tacos w/ cilantro lime crema &amp; jalapeño slaw
Herb Sourdough loafs one the shape of pumpkins!
Egg over filet mignon
chilly chicken
Hand-pulled biang biang noodles
Bavarian Schweinebraten with dumplings.
Mushroom and Spinach quiche. Crust made with chickpea flour and olive oil.
Monday night chicken burger &amp; triple cooked chips
| Oat + Banana
Caviar and Smoked Salmon, Creme Fraiche on Blini
shrimp fried rice
Fresh  ~14# pecan smoked turkey.
A cheese board delivered by a local start up business
Earn free pizza for a year
Thanksgiving Tofurky roast
Coconut Water
Daydreaming about opening my own croissant shop..Cinnamon sugar croissant with ganache
Fast Food Poutine - A&amp;W Fried Cheese Curds and Fries w/KFC Gravy
"They come running fast as they can 'cause every girl crazy 'bout a sharp dressed man!"
Garlic butter baked cod
Crispy Hoisin tofu with chilli and garlic
Dark Chocolate Coconut Rough Blocks
Shrimp boiled with andouille sausage
Birthday Cake, Red Velvet, Oreos and Fruity Pebbles Fried Oreos
Smash burger with caramelized onion and burger sauce
Biscuits and gravy, fried egg and tomato
"FACT: If You Can Order A Pizza, You Can Make Money With This System!
Khachapuri (Georgian bread)
Basic Risotto, first time
donuts for breakfast because I’m a grown up and nobody can stop me! Muhahaha
wagyu burger with mi goreng moodles
Brown Rice with Indian Cottage Cheese and Scrambled Eggs
some noodles
Shrimp Scampi
I finally nailed a French Omelette!
Traditional Czech November 11 meal - Roasted goose, potato pancakes, red cabbage with onion
Pan Fried Perogies, Sauerkraut (homemade) with Onion &amp; Berkshire Bacon
grande burrito. Banana for scale.
Ham hock toastie on sourdough
pizza, tomato, roasted garlic, fresh mozzarella, sharp provolone, caramelized onions, fresh basil, balsamic drizzle and some chili flakes
apple roses
Three Bacon Wrapped Ribeye Hearts and a Tomahawk
Brownie Waffles
Taco Ring
Octopus confit, duck fat fried potato slices, and paprika aioli
I made Auntie Anne's Pretzels
pancakes with cheese stuffing
Breakfast tacos.
Taiwanese beef noodles
Oatmeal Apricot Walnut Cranberry Bread
Baked Bacon
spicy salmon don
Pepperoni and Cheddar Omelette
chicken noodle soup and a grilled cheese sandwich
Zoodles and Bolognese
Mini Canned Biscuit Boston Cream Donuts
this spicy ramen for this cold weather
Mosaic sushi. Fresh bonito, mango, yuzu ponzu &amp; veggies.
Pumpkin spice cake with hm buttercream-creamcheese frosting
SF Dim Sum
We asked for "Happy Birthday To You"
Miso Ramen with a spicy gochujang octopus.
Bakery Style Cookies
I tried my hand with pork ribs in the oven and 2 hours later... very pleased!
Spicy Achari Chaap Roll.
Salmon Poké Bowl
Roasted apple • donut bread pudding • whiskey caramel • pecan crumble • vanilla ice cream
Chicken Tenders with Sour Cream Mashed Potatoes and Sriracha Mayo Dipping
My top 5 phones of 2020 - George - GSMArena.com news - GSMArena.com
Woodfire pepperoni anchovy pizza
Friday night is pizza night
Pepperoni mushroom pizza with mozz, parm and Asiago
Tamago Tempura &amp; Tori Egg Roll Don
CharCUTErie featuring a turkey snack craft. (Touched he brought it back, no desire to eat it.)
Waper sandwich. Pulled pork, pork belly, Mac and cheese, onion straws, pickled red onion, smoked rib on ton with a side of yuca fries. Meat sweats followed.
Spaghetti Cacio e Pepe
Salmon Cakes
Selection of treats, walnut cinnamon rolls, cheese and herb sticks, choc chip brownie and eclairs
Herb-Butter Steak
tacos dorados de barbacoa con queso with a side of consomé in Manzanillo.
Shepherd's Pie from an improvised recipe in my brand new casserole dish!
French Onion Soup in bread bowl
Mumbai Style Vada Pau
A strawberry, dragon fruit and chocolate dessert.
bratwurst, parsley and roast potato salad with garlic Dijon vinaigrette served warm
Gruyère
the classic burger recipe
Crispy Pork Belly with mustard
Deer liver and scrambled eggs
Caramelized Chicken with Almonds
Japanese whisky-braised short ribs with miso parsnip puree and red pepper brussels sprouts
Twice Fried Old Bay Potato Chips
fish curry
Chinese style barbecue
Pork Vermicelli
Southern Spice BBQ
Working on my first made from scratch gravy and it's looking good so far
Margarita Angel Food Cake
Great Pizza
Local non-profit launches effort to giveaway 12,000 food boxes in 2021 - KCRG
Roasted portobellos and veggies over lemon risotto
Ribs, Caesar salad, Pork Rinds
Crawfish
The Darkness - pork belly, black fungus, shiitake, bamboo, egg, blackened onions, nori
Meatballs!
Just because you are poor doesn't mean you have to eat poor. Steamed and sauteed brussel sprouts with buffalo sauce and asiago cheese.
Poke Bowl with Shrimp Tempura
Ice cream sundae
pork bacon cheese quiche and egg tarts
Philly cheesesteak with east new potatoes and broccoli
My oven pizza!
Pasta @ my little home kitchen
Squash and Onion Tart
CHICKEN IN HIT GARLIC SAUCE
To Get Funding to Grow Food Ordering Business
Beef Cheek Barbacoa Enchiladas
Portobello mushroom burger with aged cheddar, grilled Cherry tomatoes, and hot pepper paste
beef and broccoli topped with an fresh egg from our backyard chickens
cooked focaccia with mozzarella, red onion, oregano, and garlic
Cheeseburger Chowder
Pineapple On Pizza
burger and cheese
At-home food selling concerning, says Food Standards Agency - Yahoo Finance
tofu mayo rice bowl
St. Louis Ribs
BBQ chicken and pineapple pizza
Cheesy Garlic Shrimp Bake
pizza: mozzarella, sausage meat, fresh tomato, parmesan, and basil
Russian Honey Cake (Medovic)
All butter pie crust for my brown butter and honey pumpkin pie.
deliciouse more than PASTA
a Butter Burger at Sonics! I want more.
Chocolate chip cookies
beef tacos with sriracha hot sauce :)
bread
Smoked bacon wrapped jalapeños
Spicy Asian Zing Wings
Mini Pies! (Pecan, Chocolate Whiskey Pecan, Pumpkin, Salted Caramel Apple)
I made this pie for Thanksgiving it's a lemon meringue pie and I hope you guys are having a great day
Jumbo Boiled Peanuts
Macarons! Pistachio (w a pistachio butter center) @ hibiscus (w a strawberry hibiscus jam center)
onion soup
SUBSCRIBE TO MY YOUTUBE FOR FOOD AND GROCERY HAUL RECIPES
Banana Bread (In progress)
Vanilla Fudge
ghetto meatloaf and potatoes with chives
Southwest Inspired Eggs Benedict. Wheat Flour taco cup, filled with Pork Caritas and Mexican Cheese Blend. Topped with Poached Egg and spicy lime Hollandaise Sauce
Spicy Masala burger
Chocolate cake
Sega Tibs and other good stuff
NY Deli lunch: Chicken cutlet on a roll with half and half’s (explanation in comments)
La Banquise poutine.
Pot roast, mashed potatoes, and green beans
Chicken roast dinner
Ciabatta bread
LENTIL BALLS IN SWEET AND SPICY RED SAUCE
Country potatoes and eggs to order
beef barley soup
the best Key Lime Pie I’ve ever had.
I made a sushi bowl!
You asked for it  Arcadian Nova Scotia Seafood Chowder
Prime Rib Wok Fried Rice
Award Winning Smoke salsa!
cream based, camembert potatoes and bacon bits pizza
potato smilies
shepherd’s pie
Ciabatta with poached eggs, avocado, fried bacon, and mushrooms
Leftovers Breakfast Hash
Nigerian Beef Stew
avocado and egg sandwich
Matcha pudding
Korean BBQ
Chicken Tenders with Zesty Sauce
grilled pork tenderloin with cherry bbq rub
Smoked racks of lamb and ribeye. Honey roasted carrots. Sour cream chive rolls. Balsamic Brussels. Rosemary Potatoes.
Joanie's Spicy Pimento Cheese Burger
roasted duck breast and mashed potatoes
Food For Families Volunteers Help Fill Cupboards of Those in Need - News 13 Orlando
Wildebeest bolognaise
Menemen with Sourdough bread
Tarte Tatin
Thüringer Bratwurst with Sauerkraut and mashed potatos.  it at my mentalhealth Hospital today.
Wagyu Skirt Steak! A Perfect Fajita Meat!
My try at carbonara
indian thali
Georgian Kahapouri (хачапури) with egg yolk
Pistachio Brigadeiro (Brazilian fudge truffles)
Salmon with herb butter and dill
Baked Lobster Tails
Buffalo cauliflower tacos
Feast for my family :)
grass fed rib eye, broiled lobster tail, potato latkes with crème fraîche and caviar, caesar salad, clam chowder and creme brûlée.
Pastrami Sandwich and Hazy Ipa (only thing I didn't make the was cheese)
Strawberry Fraisier Cake
salmon coulibiac!
Zaku Fried Rice
Chilli grouper, amaranth leaves (bayam) with dry clam broth, yakiniku Scotch fillets
Left over filet mignon Steak Poutine
Italian Shrimp Pasta
Prime rib with extras
NY Strip topped with caramelized onions and creamy bourbon pan sauce.
Fail. Grilled manchego and way too much apricot jam.
smoked bacon. A total of 20 pounds.
Braised Short Rib with Mashed Potatoes and Green Beans
Korean LA Galbi
candied bacon
Turn old veggies into fried rice.
Made the best steak/meal of my life last night! Smoked the house out though
Meatloaf, Roasted Fingerling Potatoes, and some veggies
McDonald's deep fried apple pie - perhaps the only item really worthwhile in their entire menu
Southeast Asian Curry Laksa
Can’t go wrong with roasted chicken noodle soup on a rainy day like today.
Leftover Korean Beef Bulgogi on Jasmine Rice
Parmesan Mashed Potatoes and Meatballs
Bean and cheese pupusas, curtido, and salsa
(15yrs) Californian roll inspired Chicken Sandwich
Korean spicy noodles with added corn &amp; topped with Wagyu beef.
Change Foods adds two leaders | 2021-01-04 - Food Business News
Sausage rolls.
Fruit cream cake
Quarantine Anchovie Pizza
Negitoro Ikura Don
Korean sides, ssam, pork belly.
Chicken Sub
eggs with Cholula, topped with a beer and mustard reduction
Glazed Donut Bread Pudding
Chef's choice sushi
Poro Cupcakes a friend baked for me
chile rojo (red pork) and chile verde (green chicken) tamales.
Baked Mostaccioli
Chocolate Cake Without Oven
homemade bread, home fries cooked in duck fat, locally raised acorn fed bacon(his name was Wlibur, go figure) eggs, coffee with chocolate almond milk and with a splash of local coffee liqueur.
Salmon Filet over Gnocchi in scampi sauce with tomatoes
Chunky Tomato Stew + Cheesy Garlic Bread
Easy and delicious tuna tartar
Chicago-Style Pizza
Japanese “Yum Yum” Sauce Fried Pork!
Ramen W/ Tofu-Chicken and a fried egg
Bacon wrapped jalapeño poppers.
Charcuterie Board
Crunchwraps.
Ribeye Steak &amp; eggs
Spicy Buttermilk Chicken Cutlets with Baked Ziti
Truffle fries with T-Bone’s
Dijon mustard, brown sugar, and lime juice, glazed ham. Crispy, bacon fat roasted brussel sprouts. Bacon, sour cream, scallion, and sharp cheddar twice bakes.
pepperoni and red onion pizza.
Crumbled Italian sausage and spicy pepper mix overtop some crispy hashbrowns with eggs!
Mexican Chicken Burrito🌯
Youtiao (chinese fried dough)
Cajun dirty rice
Butter Chicken and Garlic Naan
Pizza days are my favourite.
Chocolate cake, with peanut butter frosting, a semisweet chocolate ganache drip and a couple of Reece's on the top.
Kung Pao Chicken with rice that Uncle Roger would be excited to thrown down!! Should I have had green onion?
Oreo stuffed chocolate chip cookies
Creme brûlée with a whiskey barrel smoked sugar for the brûlée
Blueberry Pie w/Crumble Topping
Pozolé
Greek moussaka
Budae jjigae (army stew)
Texas-style brisket made with British Beef. Smoked over Oak for 18 hours. Slices and Burnt Ends.
kale and feta omelette with sides.
Cajun Salmon
Pork Tonkatsu and rice
Chickpea Masala Curry with Cous Cous and fried Potatoes
Squid ink fettuccine in a cashew-based cream sauce with shrimp and scallops, garnished with chili threads, green onion, and a wedge of lime
A cake made to look like it's from a 90's cartoon.
Mee goreng in Singapore
Club Sandwich
Beef tacos
Korean fried chicken sandwich
RASTA PASTA
Blackened snapper, cheesey potatoes, and asparagus
Spatchcock chicken two-ways with oven roasted asparagus
Spicy Baked Ziti
Salmon tikka masala
Gnocci w salciccia
from a Local burger place in Atlanta
Honey garlic pork chops with garlic Parmesan Brussel Sprouts and onions
Chicken sausage quinoa salad
Extra-fluffy pancakes stacks
popcorn chicken
slow cooker pulled pork
Pumpkin Crunch
Sous Vide Carnitas Tacos
Baked Garlic Chicken Thighs and Green Beans with Bacon and Onion.
Hawaiian food
Olive canapés
Amazingly tasty Bapao
Action Bronson's Quarantine Sandwich
Slow cooker sweet and spicy barbecue wings
Japanese Triple Fried Chicken Karaage
Chicken, corn and chorizo chowder
American Chop Suey
Sourdough Stroopwafels
Portuguese Custard Tart (Pastéis de Nata)
pork dumplings
Hawaiian and Spicy Margarita Pizza
Spaghetti Carbonara
a chicken sushi bento
Classic Beef Bourguignon
French Macarons with buttercream
breakfast nachos
Glazed bacon donut!
Ice Eagle
defrosted bread
Cornish hen with lemon butter marinade, scalloped potatoes, and garlic roasted broccoli
Mango Sticky Rice
Beef Curry shish kebabs, with roasted broccoli
mom made peppermint milkshake
Plum Almond Cake, Babka, White Chocolate Tarts with Lavender and Lemon, Dark Chocolate Strawberry Bombes, and Milk Bread
Beer Maggi
edible chocolate smash cake with marshmallows and caramel popcorn
Beef in hot chili oi (Szechuan style)
bang bang shrimp tacosشرح و تحميل تطبيق فون كاش البنك الاهلي وتفعيله للموبايل وحل مشاكله
lavender honey macarons
Penne with Marsala Cream Sauce
Tonkatsu with spicy sauce
plain croissant's
Birthday Cake
cannoli, babbà e cassate
Cwwisspy Sheet Pan Chix Tenders with Arby’s style French fries 🔥
Poached egg.
Mirchi Ka Salan
https://ift.tt/36eyvvz
carrot halwa
well done chicken pot pie, hopefully the inside is better than the crust
lamb shanks for dinner
Patata ripiena di salsiccia di Bra, rucola e stracciatella 😋😍
smoked chicken thighs
Bibimbap
Quesadilla (Sweet potatoes, spinach, eggs, cheese, onions)

grilled tofu masala pizza
i’ve always eaten my chicken rare and it is the only way i will eat it
Nothing like  lasagne on a cold night
ragout, spaetzle (pasta) and carrots
Yumbau Dim Sum "Beef &amp; Chinese cabbage" with beetroot and wasabi
ribeye steak with garlic and rosemary, baked potatoes with bacon and Brussel sprouts
Nachos, Sasla, Guac and Sour Cream
Chicken and Molé Poblano with Mexican Rice
flour tortillas.
Jalapeño peppers and wings in the smoker
Espresso Cheesecake with a Dulce de Leche drizzle.
Pulled Pork Nachos
Vanilla Crème Brûlée Dessert
Lemon Cupcakes with Blueberry Buttercream
Rainbow Crepe Cake
Mango Mousse
Family’s favorite Thanksgiving dessert - Pecan Pie
lemon soufflé
Japanese Basque Cheesecake
My pink zest prawn stir-fry
Kuaytiaw khua gai
3 chocolate Mousse Cake
Chicken Butter Masala
Arroz e feijão com farofa yoki (BR)
Grilled cheeseburger &amp; tots
Rich Chicken Broth Ramen with Teriyaki Pork Belly and Ajitsuke tamago (eggs)
Authentic Handmade Chinese Noodles
Bon Appetit
Naan is cheap and insanely delicious. The top bread accurately reflects how happy I was with this stack of tasty pillows
Smoked pulled pork bombs with beer cheese sauce
huevos rancheros pie
Crunchy crust Pizza
Peppercorn sirloin in a brandy cream sauce with oyster mushrooms
Sunflower cake! Super proud of this one
Cheddar Chive Biscuit
Cinnamon Roll Cookies
Tunisian Dates
Peanut butter crispy tofu bowls
Fried rice with bacon
homemade pumpkin leaves in peanut butter recently
Garlic bread 🥯
Homemade spaghetti with some bread pudding for dessert. Hope you all enjoy SoMeD.ay I’ll post recipe if wanted! Enjoy
queso fundido
Fried Pastry with Vegetable Filling
Braised pork loin atop a bed of rice and steamed vegetables
BraveTart: Glossy Fudge Brownies
vegetable bhuna.
A Sandwich.
Chocolate, butterscotch, and pretzel cookies
Shredded Duck Donburi
Smoked baby back ribs kamado grill
Young Guns Fish Tacos! OC
Braised chicken with pan sauce and spaghetti
pork belly, comtè and truffle Mac and cheese, a light after gym snack 😂
Hanetsuki Gyoza - Crispy Wing Dumpling
chicken chop suey with asparagus and chilli oil
I think I overcooked my fried eggs and bacon
Pork chops with apple cider pan sauce, mashed potatoes and green beans
Black pepper tofu
a Little Present for our Colleague who got his 60. Birthday and loves Canada. Made of Gummy Bears
Hot sausage link, bread and peppers.
Salisbury steak with cauliflower rice and gouda mac and cheese
Steak &amp; Guinness Pie
The Great American Food
Extra thicc double cheeseburger
apple bread, reliable recipe I’ve been using for a while!
Detroit style pizza from last night!
My grandma's buñuelos (she grew up in a ranch in the 50's in rural Mexico so these are authentic as it gets)
Cherry smoked reverse sear ribeye steak.
Hobbit Day Feast Part 4: Luncheon - cold roast chicken platter with hard boiled eggs, radishes, grape tomatoes, pickles, mustard; meat pies; sourdough; cheddar
Cozinhando ASMR - Fazendo DORAYAKI Com Itens DORAEMON - Funny Stop Motio...
homegrown MICROGREENS salad series! Ciao!
Lamb Haneeth with Roasted Vegetable Basmati and Garlic Naan
Tonight's dinner - sausage stuffed acorn squash
Lobster Toast with Yuzu Aioli
Sunset Special: 1.25lb Lobster, clam chowder, stuffed clam, coleslaw
Tzatziki!
Ghost Pepper Jam
Peanut butter and jelly with crispy bacon on Hawaiian bread.
apple cider chicken?
Our Christmas Dinner
I ate traditional Maharashtrian food served on a Banana leaf
Strawberry Valentine Cake
English muffin with egg, cheese, tomato, and pork roll.
“fancy” Top Ramen
Reece’s S’mores Filled Peanut Butter Cups
Delicata Squash, Shallot, and Goat cheese Frittata
Soft scrambled egg, cheddar, and pancetta on a giant chipotle gouda gougère. (French cheese puff)
Steak Udon
Sushi
Cinnamon Rolls- (102 to be exact) for all my family to cook at their house on Christmas Day
Ube French Toast
Twice cooked pork belly with sugarcane, rum and chili glaze
Knock-off Popeye's Spicy Fried Chicken Sandwich
Wildberrry IceCream
Pork ribs
Bacon wrapped Venison loin, stuffed with mushroom and chive cream cheese. A side of garlic asparagus and caprese pasta
fairy-tale cake
Found this at work today.
make pork katsu sub with homemade katsu sauce
Curry lamb stew over basmati rice.
Buffalo cauliflower on ciabatta
Buffalo, garlic, parmesan chicken wings, extra wet.
Sweet Potato &amp; Avocado Sushi Rolls
chicken in white wine sauce
Yakitori. I used indoor grill since there was heavy snow outside during New Years Eve.
Reineta apple, honey and oat crumble
Spinach &amp; Cheese Ravioli Topped With Fresh Ricotta
Ribeye, coconut shrimp, and loaded baked potatoes
creamy spicy chicken pasta with bacon
Air fried oyster mushroom sandwiches on brioche buns with chipotle mushroom poutine
1lb of strawberries, I think someone was messing with me.
tiramisu cheesecake
Macaroni Arrabbiata with Mozambique birds eye chillies and Szechuan pepper
chicken stew and Yorkshire puddings
Buffalo cauliflower wrap and garlic corn on the cob.
Advertise your  food, Restaurant, Food Delivery Services on BuySalesPrice
Beef with soy sauce + honey and roasted potatoes.
Dark Chocolate Raspberry Macarons
double battered chicken tenders!!
Simple Irish Pan
Brownies
Condensed Milk Pudding
Domino's pizza style lasagna
Buckwheat cake with cranberry jam
4 cheese pizza
"" Acai bowls! that i ate
Original authentic Bolognese!
Teriyaki Chicken &amp; BBQ base Stuffed Crust Pizza
Chicken Over Rice.
Pizza with Pepperoni, Portobello Mushrooms, Basil, Tomato, Mozzarella and Cheddar
japanese Kaiseki
Mixed scrap dough orecchiette
Lemon Italian Ice
cookie dough sandwiches
60-day Dry Aged Prime Bone-in Ribeye
croutons
steak, peppers, carrots, corn
eggs benny. One with ham and bacon, the other with lox and avocado. Using the eggs from my chickens at home makes the hollandaise insanely bright yellow.
Ants on a log
Lemon bars with a blueberry jam swirl
Butter basted ribeye
Hand Pulled Noodles
Spatchcock Turkey
50 National Guard troops sickened by food while guarding U.S. Capitol - The Detroit News
Jr Chicken
Smoked Honey Chicken Breast
Breakfast Sandwich w. Cheesy Hashbrowns
Potato Bacon Soup
Gulab Jamun with Pistachio Icecream
construction site cake
Moroccan bread
Biscoff and milkyway overloaded cheesecake!
Bacon and eggs with seasoned hashbrowns topped with fresh cheddar
cheese bread
Cauliflower Nachos
Turkey, leek and ham pasties
Spot Prawns 3-Way (Boiled, Steamed, and Live)
Beef fillet filled with gorgonzola cheese and thyme.
Fried chicken with chile oil, spice dust, honey
Another try at homemadr bread, it came out ok
Grill Fish Recipe cooking on the beach "
Eggs Benedict: Homemade Bagel, homemade butter, homemade bacon, poached egg laid today by own hens and homemade hollandaise
Full Scottish Breakfast Attempt With 7 Quail Eggs
Fried “potato pancakes” from leftover mashed potatoes
roasted veggies and quorn roast.
baby cheddar boule
sushi and miso soup with rhubarb pie for dessert.
Pizza with handmade sauce.
Key Lime Bars
Valentine's Day Butterfly Lobster Tail, Roast Asparagus and Brussel Sprouts, Simple Spaghetti
2020 is a Roaring Dumpster Fire Cake
Pumpkin Pie with Candied Cranberries
Instead of 26.50 for a 5guyz 8.50 diy biATCH
Basil Mozzarella Pizza Topped With Fresh Arugula
Avocado &amp; Papaya Salsa
Quesadilla with Birria Beef and Sauteed Onions
a Fresh Cannoli
Pollo picante pizza with spicy sausage, torn chicken and chillies
떡볶이 Tteokbokki (Spicy Rice Cakes)
Hong Shao Rou (Red braised pork belly)
Cheeses
blueberry bundt with lemon drizzle
ETHIOPIAN FOOD
Potato-carrot-beefsausage One-pot with Asian Seasoning
Fresh Orecchiette
Migos Rapper Quavo Shows off Gears of War Chainsaw Gun in Viral Video - ComicBook.com
Double Cut Pork Chop With Peach Purée and Caramelized Onions
Cheesecake with sponge cake as bottom like Juniors from New York
Homemade duck a l’orange with butternut squash, celeriac and sweet potato mash and a few green beens! My sub has skills 😄
Jerk chicken, rice n peas, slaw
Smoked sausage, eggs, tomato and cucumber with an English muffin.
Lobster Ravioli With Red Pepper Sauce
Yellow cake with chocolate ganache/crushed peanuts, topped with vanilla buttercream
Chicago Style Ricotta &amp; Chicken Deep Dish Pizza
rice and beans with spanish style corned beef
4 layer berry cheesecake with chocolate graham cracker crust, mixed berry jelly, and berries in gelatin
https://ift.tt/2YyFStn
Molten Peanut Butter and Chocolate Fondant Cakes
Grilled honey goat cheese and cranberry sauce sandwich.
Osso buco &amp; risotto Milanese style
Mackerel with a warm Beetroot, Kale and Fennel Salad
Veggie Creamy Soup
Eggs, Ham, and Homemade Rustic Bread
Koreans have some fantastic names for businesses. Probably the best name for a bar.
hot wings
kalakand, popular indian sweet milk cake
Beef noodle soup
Vanilla cake, cookie dough Italian meringue buttercream.
Salade Niçoise
Birthday Edition Pepperoni Pizza Quiche
A seafood Bloody Mary with bacon
Tonkotsu Ramen extra nori at Bishiya in Kyoto
Red Onion, Garlic, Basil &amp; Oregano Pizza
bacon wrapped brussle sprouts
Cajun Seasoned Sheet Pan Meal
Dinner on the grill
Pork with glass noodles.
roast cornish game hen stuffed with butter, garlic, and herbs
this Taylor ham, egg, cheese
Dill Carrots
spicy gyro pizza .
glazed cinnamon sugar bisbuits
Million Dollar Dip
Benedict
Cast iron ribeye steak
BBQ pulled pork nachos
Breakfast 😊
Masala Fish. Goa, India
rice and eggs with avos, potato and macaroni salad.
Kenji’s All American Beef Stew
Christmas grazing board
Garlic Gochujang Wings
seafood pasta
Fried chicken, cornbread, &amp; mashed potatoes cake.
Beef Carpaccio
Classic chocolate chip cookies
Shrimp and veggie wok stir-fry
Spicy BBQ Chicken Pizza
Deep Fried Risotto Balls
beef fajita flank
Ridiculously photogenic baby Ewok
Easy Chicken Curry Recipe • How to Make Chicken Curry • Best Chicken Curry • Pakistani Chicken Curry
camping food
Caribbean take on Peri Peri Chicken
oyster and cheese board!
Soy Braised Short Ribs from Salt, Fat, Acid, Heat
Chocolate chili cheesecake
Guacamole burger topped with grilled jalapeños and crispy onions, with homemade fries and roasted garlic aioli
Chorizo quesadillas with grilled serrano guacamole
yeast rolls
Act natural.
- Veg Ghasi | Kodava / Coorg Style Veg Curry | Simple Veg Curry
Spicy Buttermilk Fried Chicken
fried chicken, cauliflower puree, braised greens
Empanadas. They’re not perfect, but they’re mine.
blueberry ganache tart topped with candied fruit
Ratatuille
Korean style beef ribs with pickled cucumbers and steamed rice
5-Day Tonkatsu Ramen Recipe with Karaage
Mee Krob from a local restaurant. Sweet and spicy chicken, pork and shrimp.
Pogàcsa (Hungarian cheesy bun/biscuit)
not unhealthy breakfast wraps with scrambled egg and sunny-side up eggs.
potato au gratin
Whole roasted cauliflower with vegan gravy and root vegetables
peanut cookies
ASMR Comiedo - Eating DRAGON EGG( Games Of Thrones) - Kluna Tik Style/ F...
Full English on a snowy winter morning
Crunchwrap Supreme
cupcake
veg and mushroom omelette
White asparagus and chive hollandaise
falafels!
Strawberry and Peach Cobbler Kolaches
Vaca frita over Mexican rice
mac &amp; cheese
Australia-India series strengthens call to retain 5-day Tests | Cricbuzz.com - Cricbuzz - Cricbuzz
Focaccia bread
Portuguese tart pastry filled with creamy chicken, bacon, cheese and potato.
Seaweeds
Southern fried chicken burger, loaded sweet potato, fried chicken with spaghetti and halo halo
Mississippi Meat pot roast with pickled vegetables
Char Siu (from a recipe) babybacks, waiting 5 long minutes before slicing.
Beef and Bean Chili
an amazing cake from a cake shop!
Yummy Chicken Lasagna ""
Honey Chilli Potatos
Chorizo and Black Beans Nachos with various toppings
Donuts from Magnus Nilsson's Nordic Baking Book.
millionaire shortbread
a hotdog
Egg, Curry and Lentil
cheddar biscuits and leftover roast pork in an apple BBQ sauce
Pumpkin Spice Cinnamon Rolls
Strawberry Tart with ruby chocolate
Tacos al pastor
My try at pecan pie.
Potato soup with rivels
Sushi
Meatballs with spaghetti
Lebanese lamb mince with pine nuts, naked salad, baked feta with smoked paprika, hummus with cumin and babaganoush (skin on aubergine). Inspired from arayes lahem minus the pitta
Honey Mustard Pork simmered in Black Beer with Onions and Potatoes
Lobster Tails
Cranberry Apple Sourdough
Chili beef nachos with bacon
This is the stromboli me and my dad made
Cardemum mousse with blueberries marinated in lemon thyme, honeycomb, lemon sorbet ontop of blueberry roll cake
Rose jam in the making
aloha rolls; fresh tuna, mango, avacado, jalapeno, nori, with a sesame seed coating and siracha drizzle
Niboshi Shoyu Ramen!
Veggie Fried Rice, Korean Style Popcorn Chicken, Orange Beef and Veggie Lo Mein
Blackgarlic
My Finnish Pizza!
Who doesn’t love Whataburger
seafood laksa with mussels we foraged ourselves!
pyttipannu
variation of moon cake
Sourdough Boules
Curry udon with pork belly
Without Coal Fire Grate Chicken Tikka
Christmas Dinner: Glazed spiral ham and garlic mashed potatoes with ham gravy, ginger soy brussel sprouts and classic herb stuffing
Sugar coated gummies
Shrimp Fusilli
Whole grain bread buns
some chips and salsa real quick
Pizza bianca (WHITE PIZZA) with smoked salmon and spinach
Turkish Pepperoni Savory Waffles
Digital performance marketing agency Aragon Advertising affliate network signup
I did a thing 😍 pumpkin cookies stuffed with cheesecake 🤤🤤🤤
My  meatball sub
smoked chicken topped with smoked brisket with BBQ sauce and provolone on brioche bun
seared duck breast with port reduction
Shoyu Chicken and Mac Salad.
cast iron filet mignon, Buffalo ranch baked Mac and cheese, and fresh broccoli and carrots steamed in beef broth
Tunisia’s Seafood Pasta — A pure Mediterranean delicacy
Seafood noodle 🍜 noodles are made from fish paste. Keto-friendly, gluten-free.
Tacos and lemon drops!
Peking Duck
Italian Orange Cake
Barbecued babyback ribs, and A beef rib roast.
Eggs &amp; Bagel
Spicy cornbread muffin
peanut butter pie
Tendies
Gin &amp; Tonic Refrigerator Pickles
prawn noodle soup
Pork Carnitas with Avocado, Pickled Shallots, Cheese, Sour Cream, Queso, and Tomatoes
Christmas Cupcakes!
Top Takeouts: What are the most popular takeaway choices around the world?
Spam musubi
Afghan food platter. Incredibly delicious!!
Brazilian barbecue
chicken satay with peanut sauce
Peanut satay udon and black tea taro lychee bubble tea
linguine al ragù
Roast Ham with Pineapple and Pomegranate Glaze, crunchy herbed potatoes and assorted vegetable sides.
Sticky toffee pudding with clotted cream ice cream.
Chocolate Butter Cookies
English Breakfast
36 Hour Sous Vide, then Smoked Brisket
Mixed salad with sweet potatoes and crispy chicken
Empanadas with Ají
Ragi milk pudding + jelly
Crispy Potatoes
Halibut &amp; chips
poutine
Italian sesame butter cookies
Cast Iron potato kugel
Apple pie with whipped cream, caramel sauce, and gelato.
Osechi - traditional Japanese New Year food
Three later naked wedding cake
Blueberry and honey cream crepe...or really thin pancake
Cheese &amp; Ham Omelette
Spicy Cabbage Curry with Fish heads
Chipirones rellenos de morcilla
Sushi makings
Garlic Furikake Chicken, with wok-blistered shishitos
Miso Ramen ft. A Mingei Friend
Truly surprised there isn’t a megathread for leftovers. Turkey, stuffing, sweet potatoes, with gravy and cranberry bbq sauce on english muffins, with a local fav beer.
Beef Rogan Josh with Pilau Rice
Rice mixed w shrimp and scrambled eggs then some sweet broccoli
Sweet potato and bacon agnolotti with a sage cream sauce
Pickled Deviled Eggs Topped With Minced Salami And Pickled Mustard Seeds.
Tagliatelle Alla Polpette.
Candied fig-leaf gourd
Homemade Peking duck with pancakes, green onion, cucumber, carrot, hoisin and black bean sauce
Improvised italian style toasts
Pecan Cinnabun
guess what i put in there
Chicken and Dumpling Soup with Garlic and Dill pinwheel Dumplings.
Hoisin glazed Tofu
Egg McMuffin
chicken with polenta, braised greens, radicchio
Hawaiian Cheeseburger
Venison Italian sausage sandwich
Zaru ramen
Mediterranean chicken and onion kabobs with bay rice and creamed spinach
The secret for good fries.
With mushroom sauce
Steak tartare, with a lot of herbs in it and some toasted bread on the side (not in the picture..)
Chicken &amp; sausage in mushroom cream sauce
&amp; made: Bacon, Onion, Triple Cheese Smash Burger.
Weird-looking Rice Kebab
Buttermilk drop biscuit
Chocolate Chip Cookies Made with Cream Cheese
Japanese chicken and waffles. Shoyu garlic karaage and furikake.
My second try at Pizza Napolitana
Chocolate Mousse Cake
Shrimp and Crab Alfredo
VEGETABLE PULAO RECIPE
handmade Chinese egg noodle stir-fry
smoked pork butt with fresh baked dinner rolls
Leftovers
vegetarian cobb salad with seitan bacon and meatless chicken cutlet, air-fryed sweet potato wedges
Bacon, Egg and PepperJack Cheese Quesadilla
Celebration Cinnamon Rolls
tacos 🌮
Cajun Shrimp and Grits - 20 minutes
Apple, cranberry and almond galette

Fried egg with Sicilian tomato sauce and sour cream
coals ran out
Israeli Shakshuka.
Princess Charlotte Copies Kate Middleton’s Go-To Ponytail Move in Viral Video - PureWow
this gold leaf garnished burger
Brownies | Almond Flour | Low Carb
Steak and mashed potatoes, amateur cook. Thoughts?
Bone-in pork chop with a wedge salad
Onigiri
Some ragu I made. spaghetti 'cause I ran out of egg noodles

Tiramisu
Chicken roulade filled with goat cheese, pistachios and chili, baked beetroot, onion puree, and beetroot sauce
Beet, Goat Cheese, Honey and Pistachio Salad with orange zest
cracker with bacon and smoked herring red 'caviar'
Pitta with veggie "lamb" kebab, cucumber and hummus, with coleslaw on the side
Anzac biscuits, ricotta ice cream, peach sorbet, honey poached grilled peaches and fresh, basil
Chicken Piccata, Basil pesto pasta
brusselsprouts with onion, topped with fried onion.
Honeydew Oolong Tea Panna Cotta
Spaghetti alla carbonara
Deep dish pizza
bacon cheeseburger wrapped in alufoil to get more of the bacon flavor.
Amazing Sushi
Strawberry waffle at Bubble waffle in Split Croatia 💕😊💋💞🥰😍🐒🌼💙
turkey and ham sliders
Sunday Sauce, aka “Gravy”, with balls, country ribs, and hard boiled eggs
Jollof rice
Best Butter Cookies Recipe!
chicken egg roll bowl
NY strip and Ribeye
Hunan beef stir fry over rice
Pumpkin and Goat's Cheese Galette
Snack since the butcher cut this one way thinner than I wanted :)
Full English(I live in the states)
Smokey glazey salmon goodness
Handmade Pasta Carbonara with Guanciale and Parmigiano-Reggiano
chicken Marsala
Melt breakfast!!
Black Forest Cake ♡
Uyghur style lamb Pilau (pilaf, polo) with glass noodle salad and yoghurt.
Pepperoni roll
Whу Wе Nееd Easy Dіnnеr Recipes For Thе Fаmіlу It seems we аrе аlwауѕ runnіng. In our fаmіlу there іѕ, mоrе often thаn nоt, tоо much tо dо and not enough time to do іt. When thе раrеntѕ gеt hоmе from wоrk, thе lаѕt thіng аnуоnе really wаntѕ tо dо іѕ to ѕреnd hours іn the kіtсhеn.
Sweet chili chicken
Pan-Seared American Wagyu Ribeye Steak
hashbrowns, sharp cheddar, fried egg, bacon and tobasco sauce on a toasted everything bagel.
Vanilla glazed and blueberry donuts
General Tso's w/white rice made with green onions butter and garlic)
bread :D
Butter Pecan Ice-cream with Caramel Swirls
My first attempt at quiche.
No-bake Lotus Biscoff Cheesecake
Al Pastor
Shortbread ice cream sandwich.
Sous vide spinach and cheese stuffed and rolled flank steak
Sous Vide and reverse seared ribeye with garlic thyme and shallot butter
Tatar
168 buttercream meringue cupcakes for hospital workers
Dahi Puri
Shredded Pork Tortilla Soup
turkey pepperoni and mozzarella on flatbread with homemade marinara 😋
Bacon. Recipe in comments.
My best version of vegan cookies
Salt n vinegar crisp, mozarella cheese and wafer chicken slices on whole meal seeded bread sandwich
Still just trying to perfect bagels...these are the prettiest so far!
Tomato and Garlic Prawn Spaghetti 🍝
chilli nachos
I made italian-Dutch fusion food: Culurgiones stuffed with stamppot andijvie!
Vegan Charcuterie Board
Tea Party Desserts
Spicy Fish Fry
currywurst and a brotchen.
Yorkshire Pudding in a cast iron skillet.
Crispy duck breast, sautéed asparagus and truffled mashed potatoes
Finally got a perfect hello panda cookie of both types
an extra spicy Hot Chicken Sandwich that was well worth the wait
KFC chicken fried 2 recipes
Old fashioned butter tarts!
Buffalo chicken wrap w/ jello.
I'm cooking my way through the Bob's Burgers cookbook. Bet It All On Black Garlic Burger: beef patty, fresh mozzarella cheese, black garlic mayo, and baby spinach.
Red Velvet Cake
Having some meatballs tonight
Cinnamon Macarons
princess jasmine birthday cake
Siniya — tomatoes, charred aubergine, beef, tahini, and pistachios
Banana
Kartoffelknödel with cabbage
Sanuki Olive Fed A5 Wagyu Ribeye (38lbs)
Ramen with slices of home cooked pork shoulder
Liebesküsse (filled with marzipan, almonds and chocolate chunks)
oven roasted lightly smoked salmon, with sweet potatoes, asparagus and tomatoes
Mexican Wedding Cookies
Viennese Kaiserschmarren
Rice n Roni and leftover bbq brisket stuffed grilled burrito.
Easy Creamy Cauliflower Recipe by Home Cooking
Berkshire Pork Chop &amp; Garlic- Roasted Broccolini
Super easy and healthy breakfast!
Fruit Custard - made by Mom
Yummmm
Double smash burger with NY Cheddar
I created bacon
Teriyaki and Asian Zing Wings
MEATBALLS RECIPE | HOW TO MAKE MEATBALLS | How To Make Meatballs The Eas...
Young guns breakfast sandwich.
Scrambled Egg Tacos with Zucchini, Spinach, Feta, Cherry Tomatoes, Greek Yogurt, and Valentina's Extra Hot!
batten berg
Half pepperoni, half black onion and salami pizza.
Bûche de Noël / Yule Log
Cherry tomato
chicken skewers and jacket potato wedges
A lovely medium rare Ostrich Filet I made.
Chicken flavored udon noodles with soft boiled eggs abd broccoli. Mangosteen Nectar to drink.
Easy sage sausage breakfast casserole with tomatoes, mushrooms, and onion.
Pizza Acciughe - Sicilian Anchovies, Calabrian Chiles, Fresh Oregano, Mozzarella, Grana Padano, Tomato Sauce
snapper&amp;roasted almonds, rice, dill sauce, salad
chocolate chip cookies recipe and facts
Chocolate ice cream using 3 INGREDIENTS ONLY
Spicy Miso Ramen
tomato soup
Avocado Toast - white onion, cucumber, broccoli, greens, poached egg, hot sauce
Onigiri with salmon and cheese
Chappati with Mutton Keema
Ice Kacang
Christmas Dinner - smoked brisket and ribs, lobster bisque, roasted sweet potatoes, mac and cheese, and mashed potatoes
tacos oc
A carnitas breakfast burrito
Bacon cheeseburger and steak fries
Steak and Blue Cheese Flatbread
Chicken Pot Pie with Biscuit Crust
T-Bone steak, herb mashed potatoes, rosemary, thyme and garlic bread and a salad
Rice, Lentil, Spicy Veggie Balls, and Fried Pointed Gourd
Queso Birria Enchiladas
Pepperoni Pizza Rolls, made with homemade dough
Pumpkin soup.
Spicy beef ragu, thin spaghetti, gruyere and parmesan.
Korean wings and Scallion pancakes!!!
Chestnut Beef Wellington
Pang Jee | แป้งจี่ | Thai Cocunut Pancake |"" Thai Desert Historical &amp; Famo...
Gumbo!
If anyone wants to discover more "weird" Asian snacks
chicken katsu curry
Chicken Wings
Leg of Lamb with Basmati Rice
Fully loaded bowl of noodles
Seafood Sudoonbu
sushi and sashimi platter
bbq platter with pork shoulder, mac n cheese, coleslaw, rolls, roasted pots, bbq sauce
Sausage and Mushroom Cheesebread
Riviera Zeytinyağı Nedir Nerelerde Kullanılır Nasıl Üretilir
Alaskan Cod laid in a bed of mashed potatoes and sausage accompanied by a veggies and nuts salad. Let me know what you think! Thanks!
Scalefusion simplifies Mobile Device Management, helps businesses around the world grow faster - Techstory
Kanafeh
this was expensive
flower cracklings
Fattoush Salad with Cucumber, Tomato, Radish, Onion, Feta, &amp; Sumac 🥗
Portabella Musbroom Burger with grilled Zuchinni and Onions
banana nut bread
Nashville hot chicken sandwiches
Lemon garlic chicken with spinach and mushrooms.
cinnamon waffle, local gala apples, whip
Guaya &amp; cream cheese Pastelitos are this Cuban American girl’s favorite! 😋🥰🇨🇺🇺🇸 Ingredients: Pastry dough, guava, cream cheese &amp; eggwash. Follow me on YouTube @LelitasKitchen for more delicious recipes!
Three Cup Chicken of Taiwanese cuisine
Bone-in pork chop, cooked sous vide in a gochujang, Hatch chile, and garlic broth, then seared on a cast iron skillet
Sausage Jalapeno Pizza
Double Fudge Irish Cream Cookies
Porto’s Ultimate Sandwich
avocado, feta, and cherry tomatoes on toast
Kimchi Jjigae
Flamin' Hot Cheetos Fried Chicken Sliders
Take 5 Cheesecake
Chicken Rice
Leftover Indian Korma and Butter Chicken Fries
Halloween tres leches cake couple of years back
Cherry Cheesecake Minis
Baked Salmon and Okra
Mini Cinnamon Roll Apple Pies
Christmas Ramen before Christmas Dinner
Pizza with basil topping. Whole milk mozzarella, Buffalo mozzarella and Parmesan Reggiano for cheese.
Berry panna cotta with candied walnut
Fluffy American Pancakes
ratatouille with my fiancé for a special occasion! It was so good
sweet potato chips
Chả Giò (aka Vietnamese fried spring rolls) with sweet chili sauce and soy sauce for dipping
Chicken wings on a bed of rice.
Might have used too much batter for my toad in the hole, but I'm not complaining.
bread stuffed with vegetables and meat
rigatoni carbonara
This is my happy place. Smoked salmon, cream cheese, cherry tomatoes, artisan bagels, lemon slices, diced red onion and capers. It’s my special breakfast.
Spicy lentil soup with fresh chilli bread
risotto with freshly picked wild mushrooms
peach panna cotta
HEART CHOCOLATE BOMB For Valentines Day
Smashed Avo and Poached Egg on toast
Strawberry Buttercream Macarons
Chicken Tikka Masala, Jasmine Rice, and Naan
Caprese pie
Sopota de pollo
Raspberry &amp; Honey Pannacotta
vegetable lo mein and crispy pork in a sticky sweet ginger sauce!
grapefruit and mint poached cod than seared with brown rice and blistered red peppers and tomatoes sauce with cucumber salad.
Pasta Shapes
Coconut Shrimp and Mini Cheddar Bay Biscuits
Bacon And Egg Sandwich
healthy food!
King Prawns in a Bloody Mary Sauce with Spinach &amp; Rocket and a Warm Toasty Roll
Spicy thai coconut curry with shrimp and noodles
jhggg
"Dirty" steak
Ousmane Dembele talks injuries, Messi and Barcelona vs PSG - Barca Blaugranes
Strawberries &amp; condensed milk shaved ice
Jalebi (Syrup-filled, All Purpose Flour Fried Rings)
Nut and oatmeal cake
I’m finding it very hard to buy bread from the store these days after experimenting with bread in my kitchen.... yummmm
Portable Pizza Sticks
Baguette
Honeycomb Candy
Orange Chicken Cashew Salad
chicken-rice with vegetables and cheese on top
Stuffed buns
Grilled food.
spaghetti &amp; meatballs
lobster thermidore
delicious steamed corn with salt and black pepper
Jerk chicken, Jamaican beans and rice, pickled red onion and jalapeño
- Bacon &amp; cabbage
Mango Candy
Mac and cheese with toasted breadcrumbs
Taiwanese popcorn chicken
Instant Pot New York Cheesecake w/ Raspberry Compote
A North Indian mixed vegetable curry
Raviolo al uovo, finished product
Salmon Steamed Rice w/ Crispy Salmon Skin
some Strawberry ice cream&amp; bananas! I don’t think I’m going to get this puzzle done lol
Tilapia en porchetta with asparagus, green onions and parsley
Chicken and Slaw
Pierogi poutine
Basil Pesto Chicken, Cheesy Beans, and Garlic Knots
Chicken korma and naan
Roasted baby potatoes &amp; Chardonnay
bacon, egg and cheese on naan bread
Andouille Sausage, Chicken And Okra Gumbo
Classic bacon cheeseburger
Prawns &amp; Grouper Paella
Strawberry Heart Cake Recipe | Amazing Cake Decorating Ideas | So Yummy Chocolate Cake Recipes
Smashed black bean 'Mexican Pizza' with Pico de gallo
Handmade Loaded Tater Tots And BBQ Bison Burger with Roasted bell peppers.
Chocolate Amish Friendship bread.
Taramasalata
pizza pot pie
chesapeake bay crabs anyone?
Cream Cake with homemade Dulce de Leche filling and Milk Chocolate Sourcream Icing with Dark Chocolate and Butterscotch Crunchies on top
Steak, beans, &amp; rice chimichangas
Open-faced "BLT" - prosciutto, arugula, garlic aioli, and butter basted eggs
a better chicken wing
Bacon wrapped cream cheese asparagus bites.
Spinach and feta stuffed puff pastry
Grilled NY Strip Steak, Broccolni, Baby Bella Mushrooms, and Cauliflower w/ a Tomato Caprese Side
Sausage, Egg, and Cheese English Muffin
How do you deal with your tomahawks bone?
I ate.
Deep Dish Cast Iron Pizza
eggplant parmigiana
I don't know the name of this
Can i ask for you help?
Chili Cheese Fries
Zesty coffee tonic
. Afterward How to make golgapa at home
Cookies and ketchup who knew they tasted so good together my have to make this again its better
Garlic and Herb Chicken Kale Salad
Yesterday cream cake
A nice waffle and ice cream dessert.

Smoked Irish Dry Aged Tomahawk Steak.
How to make Peanut Mochi with only 5 ingredients | 五种材料制作花生麻糬(零失败)
Cheesy Jalapeño Crab Dip
Poutine and corn dogs
Apricot danish &amp; Croissant
my mom’s new years good luck dinner: pork, peas, sauerkraut, cornbread and green salad
Christmas Dinner!
tipsy 1am pies; apple, and apple &amp; raspberry.
- general tso‘s chicken
Orange Peel Bear
Halloumi and tomato bake with beans
This is Toof, the stray cat that has apparently adopted us.
Texas style Brisket, tips and suggestions welcome!
Pineapple, vanilla and speculos dessert
Salisbury Steak with Mashed Tatoes and Garlic Cheese Bread.
Mullet fish by singari way, sea food soup, squid tajin and plate of grilled shrimps, All about 500 LE equal to 35 us dollars, Alexandria Egypt (Kadoura fish restaurant)
meatloaf &amp; mashed potatoes
Louisiana style hot chicken with fried pickles
Yakitori &amp; leek
roasted lamb with red wine bbq sauce
The beef wellington I made for Christmas dinner tonight.
Man spends Rs 30,000 to find out limping dog was imitating him - Watch Viral Video - Times Now
Gnocchi alla Sorrentina! From Italy
the best non stick pan is a well seasoned cast iron pan.
что такое Декаф ?
HIGHLIGHTS India vs Australia 4th Test Day 4 Gabba, Brisbane Today's Match Scorecard AS IT HAPPENED: Siraj, S - India.com
Sandwich it's sooo freshhhh
Thanksgiving Turkey
spicy soy garlic Korean fried chicken
Gyros with Tzatziki
Old Bay Mac and cheese and Beef stew with homemade bone broth (grass fed/finished), grass finished beef, and black trumpet chanterelles. Football Sunday!
Chole bathure
Dutch cinnamon Rolls (Zeeuwse Bolussen)
pizza with spinach and onions
tomato gelatin melting in Parmesan broth. Topped w/ fresh basil.
Huitlacoche Mac n Chz with Ribeye and Chile Pasado.
Teriyaki steak, steamed cabbage, and fried rice 🤤
Grilled Garlic Butter and Herb Shrimp
NAN bread. Uyghur style
Dirt dog
Spicy tonkostsu ramen with pork tenderloin and roasted peanuts
last minute vegetarian burger
Honey Glazed Chicken Thighs, Mixed Veg, and Fried Rice
Spicy Chicken Mac &amp; Cheese
Al Pastor Torta
Egyptian dessert
சர்க்கரை நோயாளிகளுக்கு ஊத்தாப்பம் || how to make Uthappam in Tamil || Na...
Korean Corn Dog &amp; Sandwich
Steamed scallops and shrimp on vermicelli noodles, seasoned with garlic
Happy Thanksgiving !!
Korean Tuna Rice Ball
spicy masala chips (fries)
pierogi with mashed potatoes, ricotta, caramelized onions, and black pepper
Vegan Dinner
Fresh pasta with Alfredo Sauce
Celebrate Rath-Yatra with amazing RasGulla - Kailash Sweets &amp; Snacks
Turkish Lahmacun
toasted slice of 5 cereal bread, avocado with spicy tuna, bacon and scrambled eggs hope you guys will like it :)
Sticky, Spicy Wings (Keto)
Lemon, Garlic and Herb seabass with sweet potato fries and roasted vegetables
Margarita pizza with arugula pesto.
Reverse seared New York Strip with garlic herb butter
Lobster Linguine
Miniature charcuterie box (To-Go)
Hispanic white rice with seasoned chicken
Speculaas flavoured boterkoek ("buttercookie")
Sweet Italian Sausage Spinach Orzo Soup
Buffalo Wings and Fries
Smoked and seared tri tip with chimmichurri and a massive wedge salad
Sausage Ball
Garlic bread
banana biscuit with labneh topping
Seasoned brisket pizza with hatch chile peppers and shiitake mushrooms
Hot Dogs with Chips
Pls share and like “”
Manicotti with homemade sauce!
Chicken salad sandwich for Tea or Coffee
Sausage &amp; Bacon Ramen with Bok Choy, Broccoli Rabe, Egg, and a slice of American Cheese
Double-decker turkey club with homemade herb mayo, Dijon and honey mustard on buttered sourdough w/ salt &amp; vinegar chips
Sous vide chicken quarter with Chinese five-spice mashed sweet potatoes and a microgreen salad with ginger dressing.
Sugar-free Chocolate Chip Cookies
Ribeye with chimichurri
Lobster Rolls, Roasted Fingerling Potatoes, and Blistered Shishito Peppers
Homemade Egg Crust Dumplings
Gyudon and Miso soup, Itadakimasu!
Dunkin Donuts Ghost Pepper Donut
Roast Chicken Sunday Dinner
sea grapes
Double cheeseburger on grill toasted water roll.
Meatloaf Wellington AKA the posh sausage roll
Pequods Chicago style deep dish pizza. Ready to go into the oven!
Nigerian inspired fried pepper sauce with eggs, plantains and zucchini noodles.
Sponge fingers with vegan chocolate ice cream and raspberries
Two buttermilk crispy chicken sandwiches with hashbrowns, sharp cheddar cheese, and mayo added.. I won't be eating anymore today
Nutella and Banana waffle
Chicken fried steak and gravy
Mango Bingsu
- Frasier Torte with Raspberry Chantilly Creme!
Im 13 so my parents let me cook dinner to celebrate the new president. Steak basted in butter, garlic and rosemary. The poatoes were boiled and then roasted in the oven. Had no terragon so the bearnaise had to do without it. Hope it looks delicious!
Scutter, anyone try ?
Virginian Ham steak, fried apples, and johnnycakes
Stollen
my very catholic mother would be upset up eating this on a Friday but what are you gonna do. Grilled pork with cold noodle salad
pizza with tomates , onions , and peper !!
- Sausage, Egg and Cheese Breakfast Sandwich on an English Muffin.
Oven Beef Roast
Spinach Stuffed Cheesy Tzatziki Chicken with Mashed Potatoes and Salad
Chocolate-covered strawberries
Japan’s first 'curry rice' recipe?
Chicken Parmo La Cucina Lounge Deli
Crispy toast with raw salty herring in oil, sour juicy pickle and cold refreshing glass of kefir
beef Wellington
Brûlléed Black Mission Figs
challah bread
Sweet &amp; sour chicken stir fry with jasmine rice
Bowtie pasta and 2 minute microwaved parmesan cream sauce with sweet peas
Toad-in-the Hole

Honey &amp; Bourbon beef roast with mashed potatoes
Egg Tart
banana nut waffles
Kebab with smoked eggplant and rice
Grass fed beef, pesto-goat cheese with a slice of a PinkGlow pink pineapple and Dave’s Killer Bread.
Muffaletta-style Sub
Salt and Chilli Pork Belly
hickory smoked turkey for 9hrs
Cast Iron Pizza
shredded bbq oysters mushrooms
Shrimp and Chives dumplings in a ginger miso broth
Slow cooked short ribs with gremolata, and celery root potato puree.
Chinese New Year Hot-Pot and some Side Dishes
empanadas
a S’mores Cinnamon Roll
Confit Byaldi - The Ratatouille from Ratatouille
Fried chicken and veggies
Roasted salmon with spinach and egg Benedict
Southern fried chicken and bacon doorstep sandwich
A Cheeseburger
ĐỨNG HÌNH với Món GÀ VIÊN KINH DỊ Thánh Nấu Ăn ASMR Stop Motion Funny ...
Finally, A soup for me!
My  Healthy Breakfast Shake
Does anyone remember this?
German sausages with mashed potatoes
Charcuterie board my GF and I made
this spicy seafood combo.
grilled hot wings.
Fish and Chips
easy white bread recipe
pork and salt boiled potatoes
chocolate spritz cookies
Simple avocado and salmon on toasted bread.
Foglie d'ulivo
Nancy Pelosi: "The enemy is within" the House of Representatives - CBS News
simple skull cookies
Tonkatsu/Japanese pork cutlet
High Tea
apple pie (this is the way)
Boxing Day Baked Bubble and Squeak with Fried Eggs
Venison with blackberries
Raw Banana Masala Curry | పచ్చి అరటికాయ మసాలా కూర | Tasty Talks
Banana bread
Reuben sandwich! Mm
swordfish steak.
breakfast pho
Chocoflan cake in a mold to look like mountains.
Roast Chicken just like Babish taught me
Grilled chicken breast, black beans and rice, corn and tomato salad
Salmon Burger!
Chicken Shawarma with homemade pita stuffed with garlic sauce, beetroot and cucumber.
crispy oreo's cookies
“Steak and Eggs” nigiri with real wasabi using A5 Wagyu.
NY Cheesecake with Strawberry/Blueberry sauce
Deep fried broccoli
Ham and Cheese breakfast muffins
Braised Beef &amp; tendon udon. Steamed and fried dumplings. Hand for size
Rafaello Cake: almond and coconut cake
It's payday tomorrow, so for today I upgraded my £1 chicken noodles. Slightly overcooked but happy with the result. Friday I'll treat myself to my local Chinese restaurant
Harissa Chicken Meatballs with crispy chickpeas, tomatoes, and parsley feta
Chicken Katsu Curry Served As Mount Fuji
burger
Chilean Sea Bass with Lemon Jus
I made Claire Saffitz's Blood Orange Upside-down cake
Bacon-wrapped chicken
APPLE PIE
Taco Tuesday last night. (I did not brew my own tequila for the margaritas. Lol)
Grilled cheese and banana toast
bread with pizza toppings
Thanksgiving ham we scored before cooking
Fried Chicken
Pulled Pork Sandwich (Slaps BBQ, KC)
Halal cart style chicken and rice.
Christmas leftovers ravioli
warm and delicious sukiyaki
beef kofta with cousous
mac n cheese
Lemon Pie
Filipino siopao
Black beans
Tiramisu - my 2nd attempt ever making it
Hot chocolates.
Pita bread
Pici Cacio e Pepe
Patis Fried chicken using rice flour
Fried Bananas
grilled PB and raspberry J.
spicy barbecue chicken burritos
This delicious Japanese Bao
Cast iron skillet ribeye
Seasoned chicken over rice with home made sweet and sour sauce :) originally made the sauce for a meatball dinner I'm making tomorrow for my dads birthday
Iphone 12 Pro Max: SẮC đến nỗi Gián ĐỨT LÀM ĐÔI?? Sao Có Thể - Thánh Nấu...
Chilean Choripan with sauerkraut, rotkohl and gherkins
Bravetart glossy fudgy brownies
Fried egg "wrap"
fruit tarts with lemon marscapone cream
okonomiyaki with pickled seaweed, homemade kewpie mayo and furikake
tater tot hotdish
sufganyot.
Mango pickle
Twix Cake. Cake/icing/Lornadoons/caramel layers.
Mexican chicken soup with a poached egg
Bubble and Squeak, wrapped in bacon, on a Yorkshire pud! Credit... My best mate
Fried eggs with melted cheese and ketchup
Chocolate 'n Cherry Cake
Asparagus with potato and vega cordon bleu
Spagheti with sacue
Orange Bundt Cake
- Crab Rangoon, Pork/Chicken Steamed Dumplings and Tofu Pad Thai for my Cake Day 🙌🏼
kind of, made protein waffles in the shape of mini pumpkins 🎃
BBQ chicken thighs
Wild Caught Sea Scallop Medallions
homemade lasagna
Houston winter storm: Skier uses icy Interstate 10 as his slope in viral video - KTRK-TV
طريقة عمل القراقيش والمنين (كعب الغزال )محشيه وساده
Cast Iron Seared NY Strip Steaks
White sauce pasta with bellpeppers, shrooms &amp; lovely buttered baby tomatoes!!
spicy wings
Labor Day surf and turf
cold smoked wings oc
Dinosaur Sugar Cookies
Scallops &amp; Cauliflower Purée
a cheeseburger
One pan roasted chicken w/ carrots, potatoes and Brussel sprouts
Salmon Rissoto
Pesto Spaghetti, Peri-Peri Chicken
Prepare &amp; Cook Delicious Collard Greens #Lynnskitchen #Praycookrepeat #Realmengetitdone #todayshow
Red Wine Braised Short Ribs
Indian Chicken Tikka Masala with Naan Bread
Lamb and lentil stew with saffron rice
Recently got into cheese and tapas!
Vanilla Layer Cake with White Chocolate Icing and Blueberry Filling
Schichttorte
Shawarma rice
Cái Kết ĐẮNG cho PINOCCHIO: Bị chế biến thành PIZZA - Thánh Nấu Ăn ASMR ...
Gournay cheese egg puffs
Pumpkin and chocolate bars
Ready to reverse fatty liver with a new method you haven't heard anywhere else?
Lavender Chamomile Cupcakes with Lemon Italian Meringue Buttercream
Lamb kofta tacos with chipotle hummus
Oven-Broiled Salmon w/ Lemon Dill Finish
chicken &amp; waffles from panns diner LA
Smoked Pork Belly (5 hours into cook)
Octoberfest- roasted pork with sauerkraut served alongside speckbohnen, mohrrüben and buttered spaezle.
whole roasted chicken
Walnut (Size: 1)
Peach cobbler cake
Crispy chicken &amp; roasted potatoes both topped with a lemon garlic pan sauce w a lemon wedge on the side
Lamb Sunday Lunch
Butternut squash and chickpea curry
Ham and cheese on bagel
‘F*cking crackers’: D.C. residents blast rioters in viral video - The Daily Dot
Fluffy romanian apple pie
Eggs benedict on english muffin with hollandaise sauce
KFC fried chicken
an assortment of desserts. Peanut butter cheesecake, “exotic” cheese cheesecake, amygdalota, hazelnut cake, galaktoboureko
Pan-seared spinach &amp; artichoke Florentine salmon with roasted cinnamon-cayenne Brussel sprouts &amp; baby shredded carrots.
Burritos
deer sausage mixed with high temp cheese and diced jalapeños.
seafood fettuccine scallops tilapia and shrimp
High Hydration 9 Grain Sourdough
Korean Pizza and a Whole Smoked Chicken
“” Full English breakfast without the black pudding
All Day I Eat - like a shark Japanese Style Steak with Shio Koji
Happiest dog i have seen on internet today
Spicy Asian Salmon and Crushed Cucumbers
Chicken and southern style dumplings
smoked salmon on sourdough rye toast with goodies.
German Sushi!
pork loin chops with pan fried baby potatoes
Dutch Apple pie.
Taiwanese pop-corn chicken. The best late night snacks
Tandoori Chicken.
Jangjorim/Soy Braised Beef
Molasses cookies
Dark and Stormy cake
fried green tomatoes with pimento cheese
Full Scottish Breakfast
Jimmy Johns
Ropa Vieja with Rice and Beans
Mongolian beef
BLTEC
A artichoke, pesto and pine nut pizza.
fries in oven with fresh garlic, some spicy mayonnaise and a little salad
Eggs on Toast for Breakfast
Has anyone had the 3D Doritos yet?
The best cookie ever i have eaten :)""
Dandelions Steak Salad
tasty and easy homemade yogourt
Avacado Berry Toast, side with softly fresh boil egg and sweet slice peach. I use sprouts toast as base.
Creme brûlée
this KFC Bucket
Chicken Katsu with Curry
Everything bagels
Brisket fried rice
moullard duck breast
Spicy Butter Garlic noodles with Garlic Chips+Oil; Peanut and Oyster Sauce Chicken
Being a typical teenager isn't easy. When you have autism, it can be extra difficult. We need more public awareness about these hurdles as well as compassion towards these young people. Let us be kind on World Autism Day! (and every day!)
Salmon and Egg Sandwich
Coleslaw with sausages
My tomato harvest from a Click n Grow smart garden
Lekcja 173
"Bacon and Eggs" Pannacotta
Onion bread/ pão de alho
Attempt at Beef Bourguignon
White Bread
bruschetta on freshly baked bread
Holeman and Finch Double Cheeseburger
salted caramel pretzel cheesecake. Absolutely HAD to have it after seeing it posted.
women lose ribs?!
Spanish rice with chicken and jalapeños plus cucumber salad
SPAM and eggs
Iceberg lettuce and salsbruy steak pasta
Fresh bread
Black Forest Cherry Cake
Chicken Shawarma Wrap with Tahini Sauce
My beginner’s attempt at Okonomiyaki.
Roman pizza con patate
King Kong burger
Belgium waffles with raspberry syrup
Mug Cookie!
cornetti
Fig Creme Brûlée
battered chilli bratwurst, chips and curry sauce.
Cheeseburger with goat cheese, arugula and pesto mayo
Italian fried chicken breast in a creamy wine sauce
Chicken, sausage, and shrimp gumbo
Taco Chili
Habachi style steak, chili-garlic baby corn and arugula salad
THỊT "TRÙM GÀ" TRONG GAME
T Bone
Julia Child’s beef bourguignon recipe over mashed potatoes
Reverse sear NY strip, fondant potatoes, broccoli. (It's med rare, pardon the lighting)
3-Cheese Pizza
Tuscan Meatballs
Lamb Shoulder Pot Roast
Shoyu ramen with grilled chicken
Delicious steak with garlic bits
Hainanese Chicken &amp; Rice
Peanut chicken with rice. Part 2 of korean spicy chicken, switched out the soy sauce to peanut sauce.
Looks look a lot of people made beef wellington this Chr*stm*s so I'll just go ahead and add mine..
FBI ambush suspect David Lee Huber was subject of 'run of the mill' child porn case: report - Fox News
Prime rib roast cooked to medium rare
Grilled ribeye
Double dipped batter fried chicken.
Christmas Pizza
A risotto with a broiled Romano cheese crust and heart shaped pepper &lt;3 (let me add emojis cmon)
Fresh Pita
turkey meatballs and gravy
sous vide pork steak
grilled skirt steak with cilantro chimichurri
tiktok sandwich
Pesto pasta and crispy parmesan chicken
Three Bean Chilli with Homemade Tortillas
Freshly Made Fettuccini.
Blackened Sockeye Salmon with Balsamic Glaze, Lemon Herb Cous Cous, and Roasted Asparagus
the paqui one chip challenge
Roasted cauliflower with mustard &amp; lemon thyme, broccoli &amp; bacon soup with thickened cream &amp; Parmesan
lemon flavour butter chicken
Cantonese Beef and Rice
garlic butter wings and glazed wings!
: two urban licks in ATL they have great APPS this here is their prawns! Along with their crab cake to the right.
Honey glazed salmon with chopped Brussel sprouts and carrots
Poblano con queso breakfast taco
Fuji Apple Cardamom Cake
Chicken with roasted veggies
Spanish inspired brunch
Man who tweeted about assassinating Ocasio-Cortez faces charges in Capitol riot - NBC News
My short stack of  pancakes
Phó
Chủ cơ sở sản xuất giò chả chuyên nghiệp thì đã thông thạo trong cách chế biến cũng như có những bí quyết để làm được giò chả ngon, đạt chất lượng. # #máyxaychảlụa15kg #máyxaygiòchả15kg #máyxaygiòchảcôngnghiệp15kg #máyxaythịt15kg #máyxaythịtcôngghiệp15kg
Stir Fry Potato Strips
What happened to my Apple!? Is this safe to eat?
Lockdown pizza!
Beef ragu and tagliatelle
BLT with pimento cheese
rose macaron
Meringue ! Thx grandma for the recipe
Chocolate-pecan babka
We're from a small town in Texas, but we really wanted to try our hand at hot pot
Pickle soup
Ribeyes on the Grill
Cherry tomato confit on Italian bread and some G&amp;T
Chocolate cupcakes with flower Swiss buttercream
Japanese mochi filled with fresh fruit
Breakfast Egg Quesadilla
Filipino ensaymada
Spanische Windtorte
Dry aged ribeye with hand cut fries and butter rosemary brussels.
Nothing is better than hot momos (nepali dumplings) in a cold winter day.
Tonkatsu, miso cabbage and rice
Fruits De Mer🌊
coconut curry rice with pan seared chicken breast and pan sauce.
Arancini filled with mozarella
Italian Chicken Skillet
Fried Korean wraps
Half Baked Potatoes (4 ways)
Pigs in a blanket
Naan doesn't need further explanation apart from absolutely delicious!
mozzarella, white cheddar, parmesan pizza with basil and crushed red pepper. Had it with tomato chutney on the side.
Dry aged Tomahawk Ribeye with Alaskan Silver Salmon caught by yours truly. Surf and turf done right.
Whipped guava mousse with a dollop of guava jelly
Sirloin steak with sautéed mushrooms, onions, and spinach in a port wine jus
salmon cakes with rosemary truffle rice and lemon aioli
Balboa Pizza- Henderson, Nevada (The District)
Pastrami melt with black pepper cheddar and sauerkraut
pearl onions in a garlic tamarind curry with Dosas (South Indian Dish)
Herb crusted rack of lamb, rosemary and thyme potatoes and French pasta salad
Stir-fried Shrimp Udon Noodles with napa cabbage, bell peppers, sweet onions, celery, carrots, ginger, garlic with soy and garlic butter based sauce.
King Crab, New York, Homemade Bread, Roasted Potatoes, Garlic Butter, Salad
cast iron Filet + sage butter
As dutch as can be. Mashed potatoes with kale, onion gravy and a smoked sausage!
smoked chicken with meat church’s holy voodoo and honey hog rubs!
Puff Pastry The French Way - Puff Pastry Recipe
Baked lemon mascarpone cheesecake with meringue.
Garlic, thyme, parsley, olive oil marinated, skillet fried pork chops
Turkey, stuffing and cranberry on a roll
Eggs, English muffin, and coffee. (Bonus sunshine)
15  Best Weekend Breakfast Ideas – Easy Breakfast Recipes For Families
Yummy Paimon uwu
Skillet steak. No oil. Just salt and pepper!
- Double Cheese Smash Burger
Noodles with Khmer soup Recipe, ""
my attempt at Roasted Tri-Trip on my grill - seasoned overnight with black pepper, salt, chopped garlic and fresh rosemary from my out garden.
prime rib for Christmas
Fried instant noodles with beef
Sausage and Shrimp Stew
pretzels with beer cheese and honey mustard sauce
smothered chicken thighs.
Beef noodle
Mochi Donuts
Crunchwrap supreme
Video of The Rock’s Toddler Spilling Spaghetti Goes Viral - Fatherly
Pork Patties with Mushrooms (Cantonese-style home dish)
My attempt at Taiwanese beef noodle soup
chicken adobo
Beef Caldereta
Taylor Ham fried rice with a side of kimchi
Shashlik
Spaghetti and Meatballs.
buttermilk pancakes 🥞
Pumpkin pie with caramel drizzle under candies nuts
mac and cheese!
Garlic Herb Butter Basted Steak from our own farm
Wheat Flour Cheela Recipe Telugu రెగ్యులర్ బ్రేక్ ఫాస్ట్ బోర్ కొడితే తక్కువ ఆయిల్ గోధుమ పిండి తో ఇలా
Salted Dulce de Leche Brownies
Pirogi
Simple Fiery Fusilli Arrabbiata, Fennel Seeds &amp; extra Chilli FlakesResearchers develop nanoceutical mask fabric that prevents SARS-CoV-2 transmission - News-Medical.Net
Tart au citron with thyme and candied lemons
3 ingredient Oreo snowballs
Black forest cake.
egg burger
Raviolis stuffed with spinach, ricotta, parmigiano, and nutmeg.
blueberry mini pies
Stuffed bell peppers for lunch
Made my own birthday cake, filled with m&amp;ms, strawberries and Oreos in the layers
burrata with prosciutto
Mixed mushroom and chili scrambled eggs on fresh sourdough
curry.
Home made bread 🍞
Quesobirria
Ăn KEM HỒNG HẠC ngoài đời thật - Monster Meal ASMR/ Kluna Tik Style
Rosemary &amp; Salt and Sesame Bagels
$10.00 Last Bite Challenge(Tyler's Delight)
Super yummy POL ROTI.
Pierogies with bacon, green onions and sour cream
Cilantro Lime Avocado Dip &amp; Kettle Chips
Lime strawberry 😋
Tomato Sauce Fresh And Flavored with 12 Months Life
Fried Chicken And Fries!
Máy làm xúc xích gia đình 3L là sự lựa chọn lý tưởng cho nhu cầu làm xúc xích tại nhà với giá thành rẻ, dễ đầu tư, bạn sẽ khá bất ngờ với những tiện ích mà chiếc máy làm xúc xích này mang lại, cùng tìm hiểu nhé! Khó khăn với việc làm xúc xích thủ công Bạn muốn làm xúc xích tại nhà để tiết
Super Long Fry I Found At McDonald's
नवरात्र स्पेशल फलाहारी आलू|Vrat Ke Chatpate Aloo|3 ingredients recipe|स्पाइसी आलू फ्राई|व्रत के आलू
Turkey Pot Pie With Mayonnaise
3 mango cheesecakes, 2 dark and white chocolate mousses and 1 vegan mocha flavoured mousse
Fried rice
- Yummy Mac n cheese/ White sauce Macaroni Pasta
Chocolate Cranberry Cake
burgers. That brioche bun was phenomenal. I could have my house smelling like a fresh bakery, all day long.
Cast iron seared lamb lollipops, scalloped potatoes au gratin, and crispy Parmesan Brussels sprouts
Hand-cut pepperoni and mushroom pizza.
butter chicken/tandoori chicken pizza
California Burrito
14 pound bird
Italian Crepes, Red Gravy, and Manicotti
Duck confit with pancetta and haricot beans
Christmas Breakfast Potatoes
ceviche
shiitake mushroom carbonara.
Sweet Potato Gnocchi with Browned Butter and Crispy Sage
Hamburger Helper and it was f’in amazing!
Pub-Style Shepherd’s Pie w/ White Cheddar &amp; Thyme Mashed Potatoes
Habanero/Jujube Hotsauce
famous Indian Traditional food
Raw Oyster with Uni, Ikura, and Ponzu
-Homemade Salt and Pepper Chilli Chips and Homemade Chicken Noodle Soup
Neighbor made us Bún Riêu, Vietnamese Crab Noodle Soup
Cashew Chicken
Sticky soy fried tofu
italian-spieced egg omelette w/ bacon&amp;toast
Spanish Tortilla and Kale Salad
Bao buns
Turkey BLT &amp; Baked Zucchini Fingers
Lemon-thyme butter roasted chicken
tri tip, chicken and veggies; barely started using a non charcoal grill
Spict rubbed pulled lamb shoulder, garlic potatoes, roasted peppers, chillies and minted slaw.
great dinner
Ooey gooey breakfast sammy
Soft pretzel Philly cheese steak pizza
Thai Sausage- Sai Oua
Grilled Caramelized Onion and Yellow Potato Pizza, with Chicken, Tomato, and Fontina Cheese
Crab Kimbap
My first attempt at gyoza! How did I do?
tortillas
sourdough 🍑
burrata chicken parmesan
Thanksgiving Meal coming right up
Eggs, spinach, mushroom, feta and raspberry
Fresh Summer Rolls
mini key lime pies
Lamb loin chops
Pepperoni and sausage thin crust
China steps up vaccine diplomacy as competition with India heats up - The Indian Express
Curry Omu-Rice
Red wine braised beef short ribs with veggies, mashed potatoes and gravy.
Poon choi
Indian Peanut Tomato Chutney
Chinese Dumplings (Jiaozi)
Classic French Omelette
Cake Bite Dragon Eggs
Oven baked parmesan garlic wings
Chocolate Pecan Cake
Reverse seared ribeye
Challah French Toast with mixed berries
Oven-braised Ossobucco/Ratatouille combination. Beef shank, squash, eggplant, tomatoes.
Start a day with burger!
Egg and Cheese Sandwich
Shrimp Mofongo
Rustic bread with whipped feta with honey and thyme.
pasta with pesto and tomatoes.
Flemish beef stew with French fries and Chimay trappist beer
greek salad
Ramen with soy eggs and pulled chicken
Carrot ginger soup
since Melbourne is back in a hard lockdown, I tried my hand at making soft, butter pretzels.
spareribs
For Christmas, I made Tiramisu raspberry speculoos
Chicken and Salad
White cheddar cheese grits with tomato, arugula, and an egg
Chicken Stir Fry and Tofu Stir Fry, with rice.
I watched this Blu Smoke Chaser cook a chicken in a weird way has any one ever done one this way
Made this stuffed chicken breast.
McDonald’s - Yummy raw burger.
Chicken Curry Salad quick recipe
ASMR cooking bacon cheese omelette
Heavily Montreal seasoned NY strip topped with Sapphire Blue Cheese compote butter.
MANGO TEA
Food Business Opportunities
Lemon Meringue Pie
Deep fried tofu with spicy chilli sauce
Reverse Seared T-Bone Steak
Bulgolgi Pork Chops over veggie stir fry with candied peanuts. Recipe in comments.
Potatoes roasted in butter, garlic, and chicken stock. Absolutely delicious!
Buffalo chicken, bleu cheese and black bean salad
Half Ham &amp; Cheddar Half Bacon &amp; Broccoli frittata
Dutch Apple pie with vanilla bean ice cream
cherry pie
Pepperoni Pizza on whole wheat crust
deviled eggs. These were my 3rd attempt at deviled eggs.
Mini Apple Pie with a Crumble top
Teriyaki salmon and feta salad with carrots and ginger dressing
12 hours later pulled pork.
Guinness chocolate cake
Waffleballs coated in Cinnamon and sugar. Filled with raspberries.
raspberry crumble cheesecake!!
Pulled Beef Tacos
Tiny Hamburger Macarons!
Japanese Tuna Mayo Onigiri (Rice balls filled with a tuna-mayo filling)
Bacon &amp; Eggs
Self-saucing rice with sous vide egg yolk, smoked salmon and toasted sesame seeds.
Onomichi ramen (but with chicken Stock and fat and Soy sauce chicken) with miso dengaku
cheese egg sandwich
“” homemade fettuccine and garlic bread
Grill grass Mood.  burger and a guacamole hot dog.
Spinach and Feta Borek
Homemade Ricotta Cheese!
Birthday cake with Cream Cheese Frosting
loaded baked potato
Tarta de Santiago
Schezwan Chicken Chopsuey &amp; Shangai Fried Rice.
New Years sushi spread
Fish Taco Wrap
Cream of Wild Rice Soup
Chicken Broccoli Farfalle
Meat and chips with mayonnaise
Simple cappuccino recipe in 2 minutes
Prime Rib Pastrami.
PRAWN TEMPURA" RELEASING NEXT ON WEEKEND WITH NK.. SUBSCRIBE TO MY YOUTUBE CHANNEL http://www.youtube.com/c/NKFilms1979
Tangerine bao from EmmyMade!
cinnamon rolls with cream cheese icing
Christmas prime rib dinner
Avocado lovers pizza
A beef ramen, tuned with some chicken spice broth. It had the fresh flavours of lime, chilli and coriander, a lot of noodles, some slices of very tender beef filet, vegetables and eggs, wich unfortunately where the last ones wich i had at home and wich where cooked slightly to much.
Beer Cheese and German Obatzda with homemade Pretzel
Carnivore Chicken Bacon Ranch Pot Pie
Steak with Scallops in Garlic butter sauce
chili! 2 types of meats, 4 types of beans, tomatoes, corn and bell pepper!
Barbecue Porkribs
Paimon
some lamb
Dungeness Crab Broil
pavlova wreath, satsuma mandarins, creme patisserie, red fruits, mint.
Lemon and blueberry cake with white chocolate
Soft and Chewy Cranberry Bliss Bars | The Recipe Critic RHN Post
Chicken Cordon Bleu
pork stir fry
Check out this place!  here
Chicken and Veggie Shish Kebabs
Rare 21 day aged steak with farm fresh asparagus &amp; corn for dinner
a tuna poke bowl
Gnocchi. Pillowy possibilities.
The Roman Lasagna
Peanut Butter Banana Cake with Peanut Butter and Banana Cream Cheese Icing. Drizzled with Honey.
Really really want to eat ice-sugar gourd,draw by iPhone notes 😋
Zahtar Fried Chicken Sandwich
Sichuan peppercorn crusted chicken breast with herb coconut sauce
Tomahawk steak with Moroccan couscous. Go easy on me.
Galette Des Rois
Sichuan baked chicken wings
Gulab jamun mini bundt cake
Pasta with turkey-mushroom Stroganof and homemade pasta. Delicious!
Lightly scrambled eggs on toast
this is either blurry or tiny most likely. They are yummy donuts
- strata with chorizo, sofrito, dill, day old yeast rolls, and sharp cheddar.
Duck egg pasta
korokke (japanese potato croquettes)
chocolate cookie. The best homemade cookie I have tasted in my life !!!
https://ift.tt/2YyFStn
Inauguration day decorated shortbread cookies
Pecan Swirl
Hot Borscht w/ Beef Shin &amp; Potato
Loaded cheesy fries
Blueberry Iced Coffee
Chicken &amp; Cheese Enchiladas
Okonomiyaki!
Double burger
Sesame crusted yellowfin tuna, mango, arugula &amp; rice with a ginger ponzu sauce.
Lemon Tarts
Egg, Hashbrown, and Mac &amp; Cheese Scramble
Today’s Lunch - sautéed skin-on salmon with roasted asparagus and baby heirloom tomatoes with a balsamic reduction❤️
5 MIN LUNCH 🙌 Low Carb Wrap 🌯🌯 Are you a sandwich or wrap lover? This is a super easy low carb, keto friendly meal! It’s also pretty filling!
Bacon Cheeseburger with Fried Onions
homemade antipasto salad bowl nom.
Chicken, broccoli, spinach with linguini in a white wine sauce
Nutchos
Fresh picked mushrooms and steak.
Pan Fried Pierogis with Caramelised Onion Bacon Jam
Chicken Katsu, white rice and coleslaw
Among us x Blackpink (How you like that) Lisa, Jennie, Rosé, Jisoo - Pancake Art  | LEMON Pancake
Tuyệt chiêu đóng gói chai nhựa nhanh chóng dành cho cửa hàng kinh doanh
Chocolate banana
Kid's meal
Pork tenderloin with brandy sauce and vegetables
Kimchi fried rice with sunny-side-up egg
Appetizers: Seafood Pancake, Charcuterie Board, Tuna Tartare and Shigoku Oysters
Vegetarian Curry &amp; Steamed Rice
海邊漁家好生活之筆管魚打滷麵
Korean Kyochon fried chicken
Mussels and fries!
Cooking For Dinner Spaghetti Marinara “”
chili ramen with poached eggs and bacon topped with sriracha
Broiled Duck Breast, side of roasted shallots.
Peanut Butter and Jam muffins to celebrate my cake day!
Coconut &amp; pandan sticky rice dessert
Cherry Cream Cheese Danishes
Lobster in shell with fresh pasta
salbury steak with egg noodles
Chinese pot sticker dumplings
**** Shoyu Ramen
tagliolini ai funghi porcini
Ramen stir fry
Sausage Grits Casserole
cheese and sausage sandwich on garlic bread
Birria Tacos. With homemade tortillas.
Very proud of my burger buns
Filet Mignon Beef Wellingtons
braised brisket tacos
Dry-brined London Broil w. Spicy grilled cabbage
Strawberry French Macarons
Salmon over Winter Veggie Quinoa
Kadai Paneer (Restaurant Style Delicious Paneer Dish)
hamburger
zeppoles.
Lemon Garlic Salmon
Banana Chocolate Cake with Chocolate Ganache
Korean style tacos
Old fashioned Pot Roast.
Brunswick Stew and Buttermilk Biscuits
Vietnamese banh xeo
Seared pork chops with a gremolata, couscous, and honey glazed carrots.
Tagliatelle Ragu alla Bolognese
Latin twist on shakshuka
Lentils Soup
Detroit Style Pizza
Trading halted at NSE due to technical glitch - Times of India
Pastrami Cheeseburger with fries!
Thai peanut noodles
Mini wholemeal Cavatelli
potato rosti quiche with caramelised red onions and blue cheese.
HOT KARAAGE fried chicken with chilli sauce
Smoked Beef Brisket
Stir fried king prawns with garlic and chilli, salted tofu and calamari, and kailan with oyster sauce
Spot Prawn toast
Eggs with a homemade Croissant
Pecan-crusted trout
this delicious apple after I took the picture
chocolate butter cookies
chicken parmigiana with penne pasta
Hearty stew: Seared pot roast, boiled potatoes and whole mushrooms slow-cooked in a spiced consomme and vegetable broth base
Kale Salad
Kung Pao
Grilled Corn
Rotisserie Turkey (15 LB) Just Off The Grill
Chinjao Rosu (beef/bell pepper stir fry)
spicy Sichuan boiled fish
Biological Stone Champignons from balcony/cellar gardening, bigger than my hand 🖐
Creamy Butternut Squash Pasta!
Biscoff Buttercream Caramel Cake
test run Pupusas for a friend.
Wound cheesecake for my Haloween party! Very happy with how it turned out.
Radish cheescake
Beef ramen
https://ift.tt/2YrDo05
bread. OC.
Stuffat Tal-fenek (rabbit stew)
Duck Sauce
Pear Upside Down Cake
Korean Delivery Grilled Pork and Kimchi with Spicy Chewy Noodles
Char siu bao
chicken Pecorino Romano and Buffalo mozzarella with spaghetti. Perfect for a rainy fall night.
DIY: Kluna Tik eating Minecraft made with Magnetic Balls -ASMR Comiedo M...
Foil Roasted Rockfish with Chili-Lime Herb Rub
Roast chicken thighs with white wine chanterelle cream sauce, collard greens with bacon and dried cranberries, and mashed potatoes.
christmas Pizzelles, from an Old Family Recipe
Lamb chops on a Weber Kettle charcoal grill .
Pumpkin Pie roll with cream cheese filling
standing rib roast, green beans, and mashed potatoes with gravy
Tochitura, Mamaliga, Chiftele, Zacusca
- Cocoa with maple whipped cream
Biko with Latik
Dumpling prep work
Chicken with 40 cloves boneless skinless thighs for the weeknight

Ciz-Biz
Everything but the bagel pigs in a blanket
Cheeseburger with Vegetables, Simple but very yummy
Gnocchi al forno
Grilled Flat Iron, Pork and Prawns
Celebrating Swedish Fettisdagen by making semlor, a white bun with almond paste and whip cream.
Blackened Mahi-mahi sandwiches with mango pineapple salsa
Gluten-free Chicken Parm
Chocolate Caramel Slice
Smoked salt cured bacon
Anyone can cook, Pineapple fried Rice
Spiced lamb, chimmichuri, goat cheese
who needs takeout when you have an amateur chef at home?
Sole meunière with Farro and Green Beans
4kg Porchetta for my family in-law for Christmas!
Thin Pancakes
Waffle toast
Japchae - stir fried glass noodles with vegetables
Pork Belly Crackling
Made dinner tonight! Some birds eye veggie blend like 3 carb per serving. Shirmp with 2 sticks of butter a whole onion, garlic, pesto, red chili flakes, oregano, basil, cayenne pepper, turmeric, and some pizza seasoning
Bacon Cheese Burger with Grilled Onions and Jalapenos topped with Guacamole!
Seafood 🥰
Beef Wellington.
Sushi - scampi, white tiger shrimp, salmon, tuna, seabass
Red Cocoanut Chicken Curry
garlic &amp; herb roasted turkey breast with stuffing, mashed potatoes and turkey gravy
Chocolate Raspberry Tartlet
Spicy Enchilada served with rice and pinto beans
Sunday feast
Open breakfast sandwich
Cranberry &amp; Lemon Bars
Pressure Cooker Red Chili with rice and salad
Apple jam
Veal fillet and cheek with potatoes, sauerkraut and mustard sauce
well this was "pleasant"
Choux au Craquelin with Salted Caramel Cream
white chocolate chip and pumpkin spice pancakes.
Asian Teriyaki Meatballs.
no bake lemon and white chocolate cheesecake
Black pepper beef with 2 colours bell pepper, stir fried spicy aubergine with shrimp paste and sunny side up egg with rice. Malaysian style lunch.
Rice, chili crisp, eggs, and green onion breakfast
vanilla cake with honey chocolate icing
Lobster tail, crab cakes, and brussel sprouts (with bacon, blue cheese and balsamic glaze)
My fried chicken is improving each effort
Vietnamese Chicken Pho - Pho Ga
Easy ingredients diet snack
Jamaican Jerk Wings w/ Macaroni and Cheese, hold the greens please.
Smoked Pork Loin
heartburn burger
Eggplant Rollatini
Check out this guy overcoming the Leeks are for Geeks stereotype.
breakfast.
samyupsal version in the philippines
Enriched Healthy White Sourdough —&gt;&gt;
Crudités
'The system is abusing our child': Family's plea shows dearth of youth mental health services - Lansing State Journal
Cheesy Spinach Toast.
Chocolate Fudge Hazelnut Cake
Baked Farfelle Pasta and Garlic bread
Dry Cured beef cheek pastrami.
I made eggs florentine for breakfast this morning!
Chicken Fajita mix!
Ratatouille with squash blossoms and a baked egg, everything,yes the egg too, came from my garden.
Here's my Bauble cake with glassy sugar dome, cinnamon chantilly and sponge, caramel tatin apple, vanilla creme pat, hazelnut + biscoff crunch. All plant-based too. Merry Christmas and happy end of 2020! #baublecake
cast iron steak, roasted home fries, green beans and cowboy butter. Apple Ale to wash it down.
Sriracha and lime glazed salmon
eggplant lasagna
Colombian Street Food
Pink Cinnamon Rolls
Vanilla and chocolate cookies
A bbq sandwich with pulled pork, brisket, Mac and cheese, cole slaw and pickled onion
Shakshuka - (Eggs in a spicy tomato sauce)
The addicting Los Angeles Unified School District-style Coffee Cake
yeast rolls with honey butter
congee
Just the two of us, did I over do it?
Pork Tacos
(Well, i didn't but...) Worst pizza topping EVER. (Yes it came with it)
Bibim bop
Cuban Fritas Burger
the best pizza ever
Classic wedge salad with blue cheese and bacon
Bibimbap kinda night
Pumpkin Tortelli with Fig Purée
Ribeye, parmesan mashed potato, bacon asparagus.
Risotto with mesquite pork loin and roasted green beans
a Steak Sandwich
Lose weight, boost metabolism, balance harmones and flush out toxins without change in diet and exercise
(Homemade)When the wife and kids are gone, treat yoself.
Chinese Stir-Fried Tomatoes and Eggs with Jasmine Rice
watermelon and blueberry ‘lollipops’
Chicken Ramen!!
Texas shaped waffle
India vs England: Team India Hit The Nets Ahead Of First Test, Ravi Shastri Gives "Rousing Address" - NDTVSports.com
Cheeseburger and About "Average Sized" Onion Rings
Spaghetti “Fra Diavolo” w/ Giant Shrimps
a reddit cake
Creamy leek and potato soup with dumplings. If anyone wants the recipe let me know!
Korean Bibim-myun (spicy noodles)
Doner Kebab
Yuzu, coffee, vanilla, pistachio and chocolate macarons !
Viral video of cute cow baby will melt your heart - Watch - DNA India
Blueberry banana pancakes.
Beer-Battered Onion Rings
A Portuguese special: bread pudding
Shameless British lockdown food
Mini Donuts.
45 Day Dry-Aged Ribeye
Apple rose tart with caramel, lemon curd, and fresh almond whipped cream 🍎
Cookie Themed Cake
deep dish pizza - made in Chicago ;)
cast iron fried chicken thighs.
Danish Comfortfood - «BURNING LOVE»
Omelette du fromage
Chicken curry and sweet potato fries.
Mango bites
Thin NYStrip finished with bourbon
Parsnip-apple-creamsoup, bacon, pea shoots, chilli oil
shrimp po’boy
mokarabia coffee
Dissertation Study
Duck magret, orange sauce
French Toast Casserole
Parmesan, Mushroom, Spinach and Gnocchi soup 🍲
Original "" Edible Oil
Shrimp tempura and spicy kani roll
Grill Platter with Salad
Chicken Parmesan  with sautéed zucchini
Coffee and Walnut Financiers
Handmade thing
crunch wrap supreme and tacos with a meat and cheese tray on the side
Black Grapes with one whole banana &amp; Three bread with little honey
Chicken Breast Boneless
My Christmas meatloaf with mashed potatoes, mac and cheese and a kind of apple cider vinegar coleslaw
Egg Nog with rum
Oven roasted eggplant with minced beef in tomato sauce topped with grated cheese
breakfast for the misses. Smoked salmon, eggs, tomatoes, tomato soup, champagne
serrano ham, green beans, roasted cherry tomatoes, with black pepper cheddar, brie, and bruschetta.
Roast Chicken breast with brown sugar glaze
Falafel with baked sweet potatoes and homemade curry tartar sauce
Fried anchovies and focaccia
Blueberry pancakes smothered in real maple syrup
Falafel wrap with Tahini sauce
Egg yolk wrapped in bacon w/sea salt
Orange duck breast, mash, caramelized onions and cheesy cauliflower
Made my first strawberry lemonade :)
Butter garlic and thyme seared Filet
Tom Ka Gai Soup
Japanese Style Birthday Cake
Traditional Pancakes
Green Pav Bhaji Recipe-Coriander Onion Masala Pav
sashimi and sushi
Mushroom, kale, and farro stuffed acorn squash
Grilled chop, cheesy pierogies, a blueberry vinaigrette salad and a big glass of H2O
Leek, bacon, and gruyere quiche
spinach parmesan pasta, NY strip steak, and roasted broccoli
katsu chicken
Banana, berry, and coconut cream "pie"
this amazing burger in Stockholm
Lemon Meringue Pi
" Tunisian Seafood Pasta. You can’t go wrong with this meal!
Tomato 🍅 Idiyappam
Peanut Rice Noodles, my favorite cheap meal
chargrilled saffron squid with roast potatoes and cauliflower
Tandoori Chicken
Hot Cheetos Crusted Porkchop
Super good four cheese pizza
charcuterie board I made to ring in the new year.
Chicken Tikka with Carrot Biryani
ribeye crown steak with garlic potato medley and mushroom cream sauce
Smothered breakfast burrito
Garlic Butter Scallops
Vanilla Custard!
Grilled pizza. Fresh dough, BBQ sauce, grilled chicken, jalapeños, fresh cilantro, red onion, fresh mozzarella.
Potato leek soup with garlic bread
Eggs in the snow ("Oeufs à la neige" in french)
XLB 🥟🤤🥰
Chick-O-Stick Ice Cream
seafood stew (scallops and shrimp) with garlic sourdough.
sausage biscuit gravy
BLT platter
Assorted Fritter and Bhaji Platter
Duck confit fried rice
Steak was thinner than I wanted so it was a quick snack
Ran out of sausage...so hamburger breakfast it is!
curried chickpeas with broccoli
mini chocolate chip cookies and butterscotch chocolate chip cookies!
Khachapuri with Truffles
Sausage, Egg, and Cheese Breakfast Sandwhiches
Chicken Parmi
pan fried pelmeni
bi bean gook su
runny scotch eggs
pea risotto with tuna steak
Branzino with thinly sliced potatoes
my Thanksgiving dinner😊
Taiwanese Three Cup Chicken (San Bei Ji / 三杯雞)
Lemon Pepper Porkchop with shaved Black Truffle, Garlic-Fried Broccoli, and Black Beans over Jasmine Rice
Japanese sweet potato pie.
Calzone prosciutto
Cappellacci
Hot Chocolate
Carne Asada Tacos
Miso Salmon Fried Rice
Eggs, bacon, toast, and corned beef cash with a glass of milk.
charcuterie board(s)!
Beef Sheppard's Pie
Pizza with goat cheese, parmesan, asparagus, red onion, mushrooms, yellow pepper and kalamata olives
Stuffed stuff. Raw/cooked.
Kimchi Rice Omelette with sriracha Mayo-Yogurt and a sprinkle of homegrown chives and Shichimi Togarashi
pasta carbonara, classic recipe
Pork jowl, lettuce, and tomato. With a fried egg on top.
Roasted kabocha squash soup with homemade baguette
Buffalo Chicken Cheesesteaks
Chicken, Rice &amp; Salad
Neapolitan inspired Pizza
Seared scallops over buerre blanc, parmesan risotto, crab
“” Chicken tenders and an Old Fashioned🥰
Pizzoccheri Valtellinesi (italian food)
Mexican street tacos de birria y asada.
I found this Grilled cheese sandwich in japan, Anyone know the recipe for the best grilled cheese
Spinach alfredo
Gouda Mac and Cheese
hot ham and cheese sandwich
Christmas goose with roasted potatoes
Hearty chicken soup
Dragon Fruit Tart
camping breakfast burritos. One of my favorite things my dad made me
Cafe du Monde Coffee abd Beignets
Street Tacos
wood fired sea bass / fermented scallion jus / watermelon radish / peanut oil
basic hangover cure sandwich
Braised Short-rib with Mashed Potatoes and Asparagus
Cheddar Hoe Cakes
GIANT LOBSTER SEA FOOD ""
Chicken Paratha
Siracusan seafood antipasti &amp; octopus braised in tomato sauce
Roasted lamb chops, grilled corn, risotto and basil/oregano herb sauce.
Greek Moussaka
Greek Pizza
ice cream rolls
Italian chicken, orzo caprese salad, and garlic bread
Chicken tikka masala. And Middle Eastern chickpea Bowl
do you like Oreos? Do you like cookies? The Oreo-white chocolate cookie.
Haring in Amsterdam
Spaghetti and a really big Meatball
3 meat ragu, 5 cheese's and bechamel lasagna.
roast chicken rubbed with paprika, sage, thyme, salt, pepper, and olive oil
Italian sausage and pickled onion pizza
A croquembouche. 1/3 traditional creme patissiere, 1/3 maple whipped cream, 1/3 lemon curd with royal icing
Caprese Salad with truffle honey
Mixed plate
Simple chocolate cake
stewed patridge in black beer sauce with vegetables
Grilled Chicken Pizza
14lb Goose Christmas Dinner for 2. Fuck COVID.
Noodles with honey-glazed pork belly
Kraft Heinz, Kroger Donate Food, Money To WVU Student Food Pantry - CBS Pittsburgh
In n out burgers in quarantine.
Funfetti Cupcake Bouquets
Our 3 week old rescue likes to nuzzle extra close and I couldn't be happier
Korean bbq
white chocolate and Nutella cake
Pan roasted duck breast on top of a roasted red pepper coulis, with ratatouille
Yoo !!
Bolognese Lasagna
Teriyaki beef over sushi rice
Southern Smothered Pork Chops with Gravy and an Amber Ale
meat sauce
Baguette sandwiches
stuffed pasta with pulled pork, mortadella, leek, fresh sage, mascarpone, parmesan and majoran
Grazing Board
Spicy Miso Ramen
Fruit tart
double cheeseburger
Baked salmon, Brussels sprouts and potatoes
Reese’s Pieces Peanut Butter Cookies!
A5 steak!
Maryland Style Crab Dip
applesauce with appleslice
Hassleback roast potatoes.
Christmas/NYE pie.
an actual charcuterie platter
Tandoori Chicken
White Sourdough bread.
Philly Chessesteak w/onions, banana peppers, and mushrooms
Chicken Thighs in Pan Gravy
Ribeye steak
recipe compilation
beef back ribs
Really wanted camel-toe *and*  pork knuckle tonight... but happy enough to settle for one outta two 😕
Costilla de cerdo adobada con patatas guisadas
Air Fried Chicken
Miso Ginger Glazed Shrimp with Lime and Cashew
Had about 100 of these, now only 20-ish
sandwich I made earlier today. The bread was just so perfectly golden and crispy i wanted to show it off.
Pho with 10hr bone broth
Chocolate cupcakes. Happy Halloween!
Steak and Guinness pot pie
Loaded Tater Tots Pizza
3-Ingredient 'Sizzler Cheese Bread' recipe
pizza with pork belly and mico herbs.
papaya salad tray in Bangkok ; a set of som tum which is popular in Thailand.
Unagi Nigiri &amp; Unadon
Bacon Egg and Cheese sandwich with home fries.
Street Tacos
BLT on sourdough
Potato filled with Carbonara ingredient (becon, eggs and parmigiano)
Baked ham in honor of Saturday
Rum savarin, whipped cream and orange salad
Classic lox &amp; scallion cream cheese sandwich
Oatmeal Scotchies
Pumpkin spice cupcakes with Mocha fudge frosting
how I use my homemade broth
Tonight dinner
vanilla bean cake with chocolate ganache, vanilla bean caramel and buttercream swirl and chocolate crispearls filling. Decorated with chocolate ganache and buttercream fondant.
I made fried eggs
«Lutefisk» from Norway, air dried cod salted and pickeled in lye with bacon bits, potatoes, pea stew, sliced carrot and cabbage
Pan-pizza, cheese filled and onion sprinkled mini muffin, and bacon filled mini muffin
Naked Birthday Cake
Leftover Potato Pancakes
Pan seared Bakkafrost salmon with a lemon dill cream sauce on a bed of riced cauliflower
Lechon in a boodle fight setup
Spinach &amp; Artichoke dip
vodka alla rigatoni
my version of chicken katsu curry
Beef tenderloin with red wine sauce, asparagus and hash browns
Little pork big bread (baked the loaf) heavily buttered and hot sauced
अष्टमी नवमी भंडारे का प्रसाद काला चना और सूजी का हलवा|South Indian Temple Kala Chana &amp; Suji Ka Halwa
Spaghetti marinara with Parmesan Reggiano
10-strand heart challah
Duck L'orange
Oyster Po' Boy Sliders &amp; Fries
Salmon Gravlax
French toast
Butternut squash soup w/ croutons
Red-velvet Cake with Colorful vanilla icing
Squid Ink Calamari Paella with Garlic Aoili, Kumamoto Oysters, Blackened Buttered Scallops, and Tuna Tartare Bites!
Club Sandwiches
6 lbs grilled marinated sirloin
Win
Donuts! This is before adding glaze, so close to those famous KKs!!
Italian Chocolate Dessert
Shark coochie boardt
shrimp wrap with homemade sauce &amp; tortilla
Risotto with white wine, chicken stock, peas, grated parm
Cheese Pizza
Pollo Asado bowl.
english steak pie
Oyster mushroom and bacon sandwich with torch melted aged cheddar on english muffin
Duck breast, beets two ways, purple and gold potato, zucchini, croquettes
Gyudon (Japanese beef bowl) Yoshinoya style
Louis Mueller Beef Rib
Chocolate Amaretto Torte with whipped cream and crushed amaretti biscuits
a Christmas Eve favorite
pork, squash, pesto and carrots.
How Don Winslow, Shane Salerno made viral anti-Trump videos - Los Angeles Times
Mixed Berry Pancakes.
Why Is It Important To Have A Fabulous Design For Your Website?
Wedge Salad with Bibb lettuce, ranch dressing, Gorgonzola, maple syrup, tarragon, and cayenne pepper
Steamed: Chilean cod with morel mushrooms, ginger and garlic in kombu shoyu, garlic kai lan, rice &amp; pressure cooked beef rendang
seven layer salad with delicious dressing
Stew with lots of veg
Google error 400 Your client has issued a malformed or illegal request
Fried fish taco with mango salsa
Smashburgers
MEGA-MEGA Burger with all the fixin's
Chocolate-orange cake with chocolate chunk topping.
I made a classic fudgy brownie
Veggie I/O Sushi
m&amp;m cookies
my own Big Mac
Join this group if you also love eating raw tortellini
iced cinnamon matcha latte
Sfogliatelle (Lobster Tails)
Perogie Spaghetti Bake
Leftover beef and chicken fajita power bowl with rice and roasted corn.
NY Strip on a bed of veggies
Fruit and Arugula Salad over Quinoa
Sweet Potato and Spinach Valentine’s gnocchi on Arrabiata sauce
Coconut Curry Ramen
Corned Beef Hash and Eggs
Korean at home
fresh fruit cake
Chicken Parmigiana
Vegan Christmas loaf with cranberries, pecan and pistachio &amp; Almond filling
Pork gyoza
Sweet Italian sausage Ravioli. Smothered with toasted walnut, pumpkin, sage, and onion, cream sauce. Homemade garlic bread sticks as an accompaniment.
Fudgy brownies with maraschino cherries
Coke chicken wings, 3 cup chicken with bok choy &amp; Chinese bacon rice
Reverse Seared Steak
macarons with strawberry buttercream and strawberry jam 🍓
Pork Belly Burnt Ends... seasoned with ‘Al Pastor’ x Apple x Honey Butter x Sriracha
Golden Gaytime Themed Hot-Chocolate
Questionable chicken strip...
“”
Chuck and short rib burgers
Potato and Onion fritters
Merguez sausage and sweet potato with harissa courgettes
Rock out with your wok out
Emirates’ food..
NASA approves 2 missions to explore Sun, Earth's aurora - The Tribune
Animal Style Potatoes
Pumpkin Pie with Eggnog
War Won Ton soup.
pink sauce spinach pasta
dirty burger
I roasted the perfect chicken! Although got a bit over excited about a wing...
Lumachelle della Duchessa (Snails of Duchess)
spaghetti (indo-italian)in tomato sauce
a double cheeseburger with pimento cheese.
Solomillo Stroganoff con tallarines
Late valentines steak
Turkey &amp; Noodles
Japanese Style Noodle Soup
Anyone knows what this milk tea is called? Saw this pic somewhere but didn't know the name
Ham, cheese &amp; lettuce wrap
BlackBerry, Blueberry, Raspberry Jam
Norweigan Skolebrød.
Chicken braised in Canada Dry Ginger Ale
Mexican Style Spicy Sesame Chili Sauce
Bagels, hot from the oven
Cheddar Broccoli Mac.
I made Chicken Marsala and it was delicious! Ignore my amateur plating please.
birthday cake ice cream
My food was looking in point just before lockdown pt2. Can’t wait to get back to work.
Fried potatoes, peppers, chanterelle mushrooms, and eggs
Assortment of desserts
peanut brittle
How To Deal With Depression
Skull cake
Turkey dinner, Hokkaido milk bread, extra gravy
Lemon Butter Garlic Shrimp Pasta.
Green Curry Chicken over rice
Poutine! Had no cheesecurds, so I used mozzarella instead
Lamb loin chops, pork belly rashers. asparagus &amp; vine tomatoes
Sous Vide shrimp roll and thrice cooked potatoes with garlic aioli.
Shishito Peppers with Spicy Mayo dipping sauce
Guac on Toast
Roasted broccoli and onion, and tuna bake
pork and onions pie
Korean Spicy Soft Tofu Stew (Sundubu Jjigae)
Indian Style Thali
Trade setup for Tuesday: Top 14 things to know before Opening Bell - Moneycontrol.com
Pesto pasta and garlic bread
Veggie Stew with pork
A5 Japanese Waygu
gumbo
Korean Fried Chicken Sandwich
I made chicken tacos !
yellowtail nigiri and Japanese omelette
Dark chocolate brown sugar cookies. Amazing.
Birthday Apple Pie
Butter Basted, Cast Iron Seared, Bone-in Ribeye
Fresh Caught Pan Seared Trout &amp; Homemade Tzatziki
Nasu denkasu - roasted eggplant with a miso Mirin paste and sesame seeds.
Leftover chili and sour cream on top of eggs... on a paper plate 😆
Chicken Masala
Sauteed "Maultaschen" with Tomato Sauce and Parmesan (German comfort food)
VIETNAMESE MARINADED PORK CHOPS OVER HOUSE FRIED RICE AND EGG 🤤
10ft charcuterie board Celebrating my quarter life crisis (26th birthday)
Instant Ramen without the packet
Here’s my link to try Gousto! Use it to get 50% off box, PLUS 30% off all other boxes.
ny pizza
My moms presentation during my Winter Break!
Birria Quesatacos and Consomé
seared pork chop!
Turkish Cag Kebap
I made teriyaki beef jerky
Beer Cheese Soup and Dark Rye Bread
Made some lemon pepper sirloin tips with zucchini noodles!
Carne asada french fry burrito
New York strip steak, grilled zucchini, red skin mashed potatoes, and mac &amp; cheese.
Tteokbokki - Spicy Korean rice cakes 🔥
Chocolate covered strawberry box
Fried chicken over Belgian waffles drizzled with chilli sauce and maple syrup
sourdough me
Cordon Bleu
Danish pancakes with baked eggs, toast, and a potato pancake
High Hydration Sourdough
Take-Out Style Sweet &amp; Sour Pork
LÀM MỲ Ý CHAY SIÊU ĐƠN GIẢN
Surf &amp; turf and wine
Hendrick's Gin Cake
Brioche bread
Garden Fresh Caprese
Beef Short Ribs
Meatball Bahn Mi
Plated stuffed peppers
Desserts; deconstructed strawberry cheesecake &amp; black forest cupcakes
Pan seared fillet of deer, grilled root vegetables, black currant jelly with a lovely chanterelle sauce!
Slowly improving my chilaquiles game
Wine and cheese board for 21st birthday
Coffee Chip Cookies
bbq sticky ribs
cranberry orange biscotti
Gingerbread Man
Meatloaf, twice baked potato and asparagus
Famous Indian Steamed Fish Recipe
Traditional Finnish fish soup with rye bread
Bloody Mary - breakfast of champions.
His and her charcuterie boards
London Broil with pan fried potatoes, then mushrooms and gravy.
lemon vinaigrette salmon with asparagus and roasted baby potatoes.
upside down pineapple cake
My MIL takes cooking chicken breasts to a whole new level.
FRIED CHICKEN
Sour Cherry Coc Cheesecake
Salmon, kingfish and tuna sashimi
korean stew :)
Shrimp Tacos 🤤🤤🤤
crunchwrap supremes, jalepeno poppers, and mexican corn.
Sufganiyot - Raspberry Jelly Donuts
jammie dodger cheesecake
sesame crusted tuna
Baked Salmon with Panko fried Yellow Fin Tuna and Crab Sticks.
Delicious Bread Pops, Best Party Dessert Recipe
Thanksgiving dinner
my second batch of queen crab legs!! (Eating)
Roast beef dinner for two that I made for Christmas
bbq hamburgers and queso
Steak, root veg and potatoes
Torta Caprese : Chocolate-almond flour cake
Spaghetti and meatballs 🍝
Smoked Baby Back Ribs, hickory and cherry in a Weber Smokey Mountain
Buffalo hot wings
Panko-crusted lamb, smoked apple wood ham, stuffing with polska kielbasa sausage, homemade buttermilk sourdough, red skin mashed potatoes and cheddar-panko crusted bacon mac &amp; cheese
Bánh MACARONS làm từ MỸ PHẨM bông xốp béo ngậy - Thánh Nấu Ăn ASMR Unusu...
smash burger with secret sauce
Petit Fours
Midnight smoked ribeye steaks, brisket and leg of lamb
Pav Bhaji - Indian street food
Grilled Octopus and Shrimp with Fennel Salad and Kalamata Sauce
French baguette pizza, half pepperoni, half goat's cheese.
. Roast beef, never made before
fish sticks wrap
Orecchiette with cime di rapa
Lamb Burger w/ arugula, mint pesto, goat cheese crème fraîche sauce
Meatballs and sauce
cod and chorizo with patatas bravas
Hearty Beef Stew
Sashimi.
Baked chicken thighs and roasted veggies with white wine gravy
prosciutto with cremini mushrooms and homemade pasta
Roasted chicken with thyme and lemon
Some Pork Tenderloin
chicago style pizza
Ribs with potato chips and a quick coleslaw
escalope, aspargus and hollondaise sauce
Peanut pretzel chocolate chip sea salt toffee
smoked rack of lamb with tons of garlic and rosemary
Yule log, chocolate sponge cake with nutella buttercream filling, chocolate ganache and fondant mushrooms
General Tso’s cauliflower
Homeless girl 😢
Huckleberry habañero buffalo wings
3 month infusions (L-R) Hatch Green Chile, Palisade Peach, Palisade Apple (cinnamon, vanilla bean, clove)
Smoked venison backstraps
T-bone steak
https://cutt.ly/JjHl8Zx
BBQ Ribs, Cornbread Muffins, Mash &amp; greens
हलवाई जैसा गाजर के हलवे की रेसिपी|gajar ka halva recipe|गाजर का हलवा बनाने की विधि| Different style
Cheeseburger, Tomato, Hot Sauce, America
Thai Shrimp Khao Soi
Chocolate cake with peanut butter icing and chocolate ganache.
*Chicken Quesatacos w/ a Chicken Broth Consume and Mexican Coke
Chicken and veggies
Hamburger and Herb Enfused Fries
Garlic/jalapeño/mozzarella/goat cheese/Parmesan Detroit style pizza (red sauce side as side)
Iced Caramel Macchiato
Herbs stuffed tomatoes
corned beef hash
Poutine and a smoked meat sandwich at a Quebec truck stop
Chocolate Pudding With Raspberry Cream
Chicken leg and Sweet potato stewed in white wine.
sour cream donuts with maple brown butter glaze
Christmas Wellington
malatang - spicy stir fry hot pot
authentic super delicious hand made sweets
Mirchi Bajji
Chocolate Tart
egg sandwich and parfait
Venison/Pork Sausage
2 day prep Thanksgiving dinner plate
pasteis de nata
Japanese Curry made by Kiku Curry the "Deluxe"
doughnuts!
The caramel dripped from my cake formed a beautiful caramel tree.
Coffee and Canolies
Tiramisu, with homemade foxy-ladyfingers
Among us Cookies!
- Spicy Shrimp Udon Noodle Soup
lo mein with pork, mushroom, cabbage, and other random veggies
greggs!
Chicken breast with broccoli, leek puree, walnuts and leek chips.
Russian Pelmeni
Girl Scout Thin Mint Recipe
Chacolate chip cookies
For the first time ever i made my own food :) it aint much but im happy
Whole Wheat Bread
ramen based on fennel.
Smoked duck noodles green onion and egg
Grilled cheese
just sweets nothing fancy with them! No michellin star cook here!
Roasted tofu, seasonal veggie curry, basmati rice, and quick pickled Thai chillies
My inaugural breakfast Burrito of 2021, Happy New Year everyone !
The pigs in blankets I devoured at Christmas
Caccio e peppe
Mount Blanc Tart
Triple Chocolate Cake with Ganache Drip
Me and my bro ate toasted frosted chocolate fudge pop tarts with hot chocolate!
Whole Milk Ricotta
cheesecake brownies!
Gnocchi with garlic chestnut mushrooms in a creamy Blue Stilton sauce with baby spinach
Chili on an unusually warm fall Sunday
a brownie cupcake with salted caramel inside, chocolate frosting and a caramel filled chocolate on top!
Italian Potato Dumplings.
Seafood and sausage Paella
Chicken Cordon Bluwich &amp; Brie Mushroom Risotto
Open face roast lamb sandwich with goat cheese and kalamata olives and tzatziki sauce
Pepperoni &amp; Mushroom Pizza
Duck a l’orange with butternut squash, celeriac and sweet potato mash and a few green beens! My sub has skills !  Food for a goddess!
cherry pie.
Spicy Banana Porridge
Microwaved grilled cheese
white chocolate pumpkin snickerdoodle cookies
Pho Tai Nam Bo Vien
Apple crumble
Isaac's Toast
The Raw Emotions Over Raw Pet Food - NBC 6 South Florida
Indian Butter Chicken
Apple Butter!
Vegetarian Chickpea Curry
Danish pastry with vanilla cream, rum-caramel, chocolate and whipped cream
ROASTED BRUSSEL w lemon salt and pepper

French toast from homemade bread with honey
Dinner last night — chicken with kale greens
Dairy free chocolate pudding cream pie with a graham cracker crust
Sourdough breakfast pizza
arugula beet salad with nectarines, fresh mint, feta cheese, and a creme fraiche dressing
Bacon cheeseburger
Whether you are a new cook, or a seasoned kitchen veteran, there are some simple tricks that you can use to improve the he quality of your meals. Inside this eBook, your will discover the topics about general cooking tips and so much more.
chicken Parmesan stuffed spaghetti squash
Pork Belly Breakfast Tacos
roast pork with coriander, garlic and chilli marinade and coriander scented rice - tips on roasting pork chops welcome!
cookies
Just Some Toast - Food Wishes | Chef John Parody
Look at these amazing rib-eyes, and entrecôte
Vegan Mushroom Stroganoff
Made a bunch of jambalaya tonight. Homemade and Delicious.
Pizza my neighbor graciously brought over
Chocolate Chip Cookies W/Reese’s Pieces
New Orleans seasoned shrimp
Probably the best cookies I have ever made
Veggie Italian thing I can up with today haha
Logo sugar cookies
Risotto with tenderloin and stir-fried vegetables
Cheese sandwich
"Dhokla" Super healthy recipe in 10 min.
ikea meatballs with mashed potatoes
Sunday fry up
Nigiri I made tonight
Pan Fried Duck Breast
The “we have pizza at home” pizza
Three kinds of hot sauce
Turns out Mini-naan makes really good flatbread pizza!
Wonton Noodle Soup
autumn japanese kaiseki
Bell pepper stuffed with beef, garlic, mozzarella, onion, quinoa and tomato
Jumbo lump blue crab cakes with some crab mac and cheese, and a buffalo-Caesar salad with old bay hot sauce
Satay Chicken &amp; Prawn Stirfry
Moist, sweet but not overly sweet, soft... Chocolatey Chocolate Chunk Banana Nut Muffins! I used Pecan Nuts!
Picture of dog unrelated. I’ve started a food discord server if anyone wants to join just DM me and I’ll get you a link
Bacon, Scrambled eggs and Ezekiel English muffins. With a side of Yogurt mixed with Berries and Almonds
fried chicken breast
Filipino sinigang
pancakes
beef slices for hotpot
Apple Smothered Pork Chops
Raspberry &amp; Blackberry French Toast
hakka chilli chicken
ribeye grilled over a hickory wood campfire
Steamed King Crab legs and Traeger smoked veggies/potatoes
Had a lot of ground meat in the freezer so I made this simple  hot pot in the oven
Saffronbuns with vanilla and white chocolate.
Chicken teriyaki donburri
Porchetta for Christmas!
Hot Toddy - Bourbon Apple Cider
a salmon poke
Carne Asada Torta
beef mince biryani recipe
Spicy terriyaki chicken thighs (took off skin)
Chicken pot pies
BLT &amp; E
Omelett with Mushrooms and Spinach
“” fajita steak and veggies, refried beans, cilantro lime rice and creamy cilantro jalapeño sauce
Good pastries including an Opera
Nian gao
Traditional Brazilian plate. Farofa, picanha, feijão carioquinha, vinagrete e arroz.
Gaviscon surprise.
lasagne with fresh pasta, sauce and ricotta
- I’m really proud of how nicely I was able to roll my cinnamon rolls up!
Banana Bread with Walnuts and Chocolate Chips
Baked Mac and Cheese with Panko Crumb Topping
Tasty Pepperoni rolls
Simple Japanese-style comfort food
‘Almost Famous’ River Phoenix Burger With Bacon Bacon Fries (Full Description In Comments)
pork tacos!
AZ carne adovada
An Oreo filled oliebol (dutch doughnut)
Vietnamese Egg Rolls
"Winter Walk" Dessert
Boston cream pie with chocolate ganache
Coconut cheesecake filled donut with white chocolate ganache glaze and strawberry filled donut
matcha mille crepes
French Creme Brulee
New Yorkers Rush to Get Vaccine After Eligibility Expands - The New York Times
Christmas Day Charcuterie
Spicy Chicken Enchiladas
White Chocolate Coconut Almond Cake
Corn Bread with Butter, Honey &amp; Chilli Jam
Salmon seasoned with Penzey's Northwoods and Pearled Couscous with Artichoke
How do you use ashoro? Roasted barley.
chicken and mushroom masala with micros
breakfast charcuterie - pancakes, waffles, berries, bacon, chocolate, and sprinkles
Seasoned chicken over rice with home made sweet and sour sauce :) Originally made the sauce for my dads birthday tomorrow 🔥
Big taco  the sun city cafe in Murrells Inlet
Smoked drumsticks
Pastrami on rye with spicy mustard, mayo, pickles, and swiss. fried and pressed.
Potato Soup
shrimp and veggies
Leftover's sandwich
thanksgiving steak
Potato Cheese Bake
Deep Fried Breaded Chicken Scallopini with Melted Mozzarella
Lebanese Fries
Get in my belly in less than 12 parsecs
Seafood chowder and Homemade bread
red pozole with chicken and pork
Korean fried chicken with ddukbokki
Mulled Wine Poached Pear Crumble
Oven-fried breaded chicken, cucumber salad, and a baked potato
Toffee sauce
strawberry pancakes from Ihop today and they were so good!!
Oma’s Schnitzel Sandwich
swag meal
veggie chili with korean squash
Duck L'Orange
Chopped smoked brisket sandwiches
Waffles, eggs, and bacon
Cheesy Pasta
Tập Tành Làm Youtuber Và CÁI KẾT ĐẮNG LÒNG | Món Mỳ Ý "CAMERA" Sốt Kem B...
"Yorker" halal fried chicken sandwich
Our Raclette board, with saucisson, pancetta, prosciutto crudo and 4 sorts of raclette cheese
Say hi to poppet, she's 26 today.
, Artichoke is a treat for me! I boiled it. I know there’s so many other ways but I like it boiled.
Leftover Crab Cake with an Egg on top!
Biden Chooses Tom “Mr. Monsanto” Vilsack as Agriculture Secretary
Chicken thighs with fusilli, capers, pickled onions, kalamata olives and cream sauce.
Giant Chocolate Chip Cookies
Strawberry Pancakes!
Pork Belly
Easy Fruit Trifle Dessert ""
Brats, peppers and onions
Blueberry Crumble Cheesecake
Pan Seared Salmon with Hollandaise, Buttered New Potatoes, and Salad.
Christmas themed pasta
Moong dal tadka with mixed raita.
mini carrot cake with cream cheese frosting
Handmade Strozzapreti with  Sausage.
Venison Sausage Cheese Tortellini w/ Spinach
A rare  work of art
Vanilla cupcakes with strawberry filling and vanilla buttercream
pecan chicken with honey bbq sauce pizza
Drank a hopped sparkling chamomile tea
Double Glazed Apple Fritters
Solo Girl Addict
Fall Charcuterie Board
steak, okra n stuff, sausage, quinoa
Spätzle with pork
Vanilla pudding
croissants 🥐
Creamy chestnut cake. Need to exercise later.
- Recently started an Instagram (crumbs_bakery._ ) for all my bakes but struggling to get followers 💔 If anyone could follow I’d be grateful, this is a 3 tier salted caramel cake I made for a birthday last week 😋
roast cabbage pasta with basil pesto
Curry chicken rice
Tuna Tataki - "Dad, may I have another piece of chicken"? At least she ate it.
Pesto Chicken and roasted zucchini
One bite everybody knows the rules
brioche french toast
Yesterday I spent all day making beef empanadas and today when I bake them they blew up. The taste was still very good.
Roasted pork shoulder
Coq au Vin
French crème brulée
Double chocolate mousse torte
Maine lobster roll
Fajitas
Christmas Cream Puffs
Roast Chicken.
rainbow cake!
Venison Tacos with home grown and pickled jalapeños
Jalapeno Cilantro Lime Pork Tenderloin and T-bone Steak
Lebanese Manoushe
pozole de puerco
Cajun Shrimp Scampi so 🤤
Butternut squash, feta and chili salad
buttermilk pancakes for Shrove Tuesday
Village Rice
Chocolate cherry cake
How to make a Simple  One messy BBQ saNdwich
Chicken quesadillas with sautéed mushrooms onion and jalapeños.
Lamb Kebab | Tahini | Yogurt Sauce | Turkish Salad | Afghan Rice
seafood fettucini w/ scallops tilapia shrimp
Pan Pizza
Buffalo Styled Fried Chicken Sandwich with Dusted Chicken Wings (BBQ)
Delicious Mix Vegetable Pulao
Baja style tacos and tostada
chocolate chunk cookies.
Salami and pepperoni sandwich with lettuce, tomatoes, and cucumber, all on a toasted bun with cheese.
lox n bagel. LPT: always buy extra salmon when cooking dinner so you can enjoy it again at breakfast.
Cuban Lechonetta
butternut squash, caramelised onion and goats cheese galette
mac &amp; cheese.
Korean-inspired ground turkey bowl
homemade chocolate chip banana muffins
Tea &amp; donut.
Poutine On The Ritz Burger
stir-fried egg rice noodles with flap meat carrots and broccoli
Squash Nuggets with spicy mayo.
Nashville Fish Sandwich
Celery root soup
Bibimbap bowl
Avocado Toast
Japanese-style chicken curry on rice
Flank steak, caramelized onions and bell peppers
Swedish pancakes with lingonberry jam and a spiced latte
Gingerbread Snowflakes
Playing with the smoker this evening. Chicken quarters.
Braised Beef Short Rib
Beef Stew for a rare snowy day in Austin, TX area
شرح و تحميل تطبيق فون كاش البنك الاهلي وتفعيله للموبايل وحل مشاكلهتحميل برنامج الاسطورة ostora tv 2020 للاندرويد و للايفون و الكمبيوتر مجانا.
the Best Cookies EVER! Shout out to my dad for sending them to me!! They are from Mrs. Chips Cookies--
deviled eggs /w crème fraîche &amp; caviar
Baked Spicy Mac and cheese
"" holiday menu
Creamy Chicken and Cauliflower Rice Casserole
Mango Fool
Steak salad with fried jalapeños and blue cheese crumbles
Mexican Soup Tacos
Sous Vide Turkey Roulade
Broiled Lobster Tail and Shrimp Scampi on Linguini
Piñata cake
Swedish Classic shrimp sandwich and crayfish and salmon condiments on crostini
Pork chop and roasted squash risotto
NY Cheescake
Pizza macaroni and cheese, with antipasto in the background
Stir fried chicken and veggies.
So I made pizza :)
Croque monsieur easy recipe  (french style ham and cheese sandwich )
Instant Ramen w/ Tocino Spam, eggs and cheese.
Spicy chicken salad topped with roasted peanuts and a zingy dressing
Japanese soufflé cheesecake topped w/ berry compote
meat and veg asado from Argentina. Peppers and shrooms were then filled with cheese and eggs.
half cheese half pepperoni pan pizza
St. Louis Style Ribs
Pork stir fry with baby bok choy and bell peppers
Grilled Pork Belly
Birria tacos (homemade)
traditional icelandic þorramatur
Just grew sum veggies
Bao buns- Beer braised hoisin pork ribs with homemade dough
Vegan smoked salmon avocado roll and shitake miso soup
Entomatadas
72 Hour Deep Dish Pizza
Honey poached quince pie
Some freshly baked dinner rolls!
Carre de Cordero
Seared scallops with asparaguys and brown rice
Maki
Miniature Chocolate Cake
Chorizo, Vegetables, and Rice
Baby turkey pot pies by my bestie
Margherita Pizza with burrata and fresh basil
Splendorous fried rice
Inspired by the comments on my post from a few days ago, I present: Passion &amp; Parmigiano ft. David Attenborough
Jazz up your carrots this thanksgiving!
Mac c Cheese Deluxe! (Basics with babish recipe)
Hilarious! This buffalo dancing with owner will make you laugh out loud - Watch Viral Video - Times Now
tuna steak &amp; stir fry veggies
raw mackerel and sea urchin
Stuffed Fish Fry in Coconut Masala
Tendon and tripe for pho
Figgy Pudding before aging.
Cheeseburger and Curly Fries
French fries
I tried to make a gyudon (means beef bowl). It's yummy!
KitKat cake
venison, polenta and demi suace.
Christmas Cookie Box
Fried lamb chops, roasted Brussels sprouts and American fries with Lemon-basil cream.
A nice hotel breakfeast! !
Cà ri gà - Vietnamese-style Chicken Curry with taro &amp; potatoes
Cha Siu Bao ( 叉烧包 )
- Tikka Biryani
Tarragon Lemon Chicken
My attempt at surf and turf.
Coquilles Saint-Jacques
10th Annual Hancock County Food Drive - q1065.fm - q1065.fm
Meat and Cheese Board
Grilled Sea Bass with Garlic Butter Penne Pasta.
Mozzarella Sticks
Apple Pie and crust
Smoked Kielbasa
Beef stew with mash potato &amp; neeps (turnip)
Almond-Ricotta Tortellini
Quiche
Surf n’ turf
Christmas porchetta
Chilaquiles Suizos con Pollo
Lamb and Tomato-Broth Vermicelli Noodles
Double Smashburger on Homemade Brioche Buns
coney dogs with habanero (Xtreme) cheese from Skyline in Clifton. If you know you know
Meatballs are cooking 😋
hojicha ice cream
Moroccan Crêpes With Honey
Smoked Salmon Bagel Sandwich
Egg salad, tuna, cheese and cucumber sandwich.
SPICY KOREAN WINGS CHALLENGE (like bdsm for the mouth...)
Pear Ginger Pie
roasted chicken and potatoes
omelette with toast and avocado
challah!
Espresso Brownies!
Smashed avocado on local oatmeal bread with smoked salmon, tomato, hot sauce, and a unique everything bagel seasoning blend
Roasted chicken, fennel, and grapes with grapes
Fish fillet at a local restaurant.
I smoked poblano peppers stuffed with crab, corn, and cheese, wrapped with bacon.
arabic shawarma
Smoked and Seared Prime Rib
spaghetti with mushrooms sauce
Rainbow Sherbet Macaron
sponge cake with custard and a cuppa tea
Halloween Cheese Ball Bat Treats!
Sous Vide Flank Steak
Garlic butter rice with shrimps, salmon and artichokes
Pumpkin Maple Scones
Fresh orange 🍊 scones with homemade maple orange drizzle. 😜
Egg, cheddar and ham breakfast sandwich
'Nduja and Fresh mozzarella Pizza
Spicy Crab Spaghettini With Preserved Lemon
My second smoke. Hickory and apple wood smoked pork belly.
Matzoh Ball Soup in chicken consommé
chicken fried steak with gravy, and frozen green beans.
Sourdough focaccia
kimchi fried rice, a new favorite!
Taco - cheese, pepper, lettuce, tomato, onion, cream, and chicken
one pot creamy cajun chicken pasta
Gummy Worm Pie
Honey Gooseberry
Woman Charged After Viral New York City Hotel Video - Newsy
Cerveza beef fajitas
Chickpea pizza, harissa sauce
White Cheddar and Bacon Burger
In-N-Out style smash burgers and animal style fries
Sesame Chicken Bao Buns &amp; Aromatic Crispy Duck Pancakes
A Different Version Of A "Corn Dog".
vanilla cake w/chocolate ganache, strawberry jam, and candy glass shards
wood fired roast beef pizza &amp; spaghetti Bolognese
Pizza Bianco &amp; regular Pizza
Steak and Risotto for Christmas Dinner
Tandoori Sauce Pasta
Matcha Turtle Tahini Cookies
My mother made it with milk, butter and love. Simply melts in the mouth.
Cheese board and wine
Lemon yogurt cake
Rice and baked potato
pulled pork sammie and macaroni salad with no mayo
Savoury Ham Sui (Pork) Bao with Char Sui Fried Rice.
Mr Black Sugar Boba Cocktail
Grilled skirt steak, potatoes &amp; grilled bell peppers
NY Strip steak, reverse seared, with broccoli and cheese
Milk tart
- Crab curry recipe
Roast beef and roasted vegetables (eggplant, bell peppers, potobello musgroom) on bolillo bread with pesto
Lego Kitchen: Grilled Pork Ribs in Real Life - ASMR Stop Motion/ Funny V...
Wedge Salad with Poblano Ranch
Mince Sunday Dinner
Beyond Sausage with potato’s and veggies topped with spooky eggs. Served with rye bread.
Christmas brunch for my gf and I
ribs oc
Vietnamese roast chicken and mango salad
Beef filet, roasted with garlic and thyme. Potato wedges, home made aioli and salad with balsamic vinaigrette and red onions.
Fried eggs with arugula and avocado
Cumin Seeds for Weight Loss
The Diversipie!
This is me taking a leek
Birthday lemon cake 🤗
malted, cinnamon, hobnob pancake stack
Brunch: Deluxe Bloody Mary- Fried Cornish Hen with housemade pickles, housemade-hot -paprika dredge
vanilla custard pie with honey graham cracker crust
roasted garlic
Coffee Toffee Crunch Cake
Pozole
KD balls
Deep Dish
pork belly, roast broccoli potatoes and carrots
https://ift.tt/3thhNFY
Butter basted steak
A reinterpretation of spanakopita as a pie
Applewood Smoked BBQ Spare Ribs
HK Style Egg Custard Tarts
A basic lentil soup
Swideth Pancakes &amp; Freash Blackberry Compote &amp; and funny bloopers!! Come check out video if you enjoy it and want to see more dont forget to subscribe and hit the notification bell to get all updates Thank You!! (NEED SUBSCRIBERS PLEASE!!)
Osechi Ryōri
Prosciutto and Basil Pizza
Pizza!
chickpea bolognese and fresh pasta
It’s delicious! It’s looking beautiful after creativity
Grilled cheese and creamy tomato basil soup
Spooky Cooky
Reverse seared ribeye, mashed potatoes, sautéed onions and mushrooms, with asparagus
home grown tomato dashi butter / garlic, miso and mint cured tuna / asian pear
Pizza with cheese on bottom and chicken
Grilled/Baked mackerel with ginger white rice and shiitake mushrooms and a cabbage salad
Guinness beef pie
Pepper Steak Stir Fry
Italian Christmas Cookie Cake
Whipped Yolk Chicken on a Raft 🐔
Key lime pie.
Ravioli with garlic, butter, basil and minced shallots
PMI: Good bye covid-19 and hello services inflation - Mint
oden
Pan fried beef tenderloin and asparagus.
Teryaki Ribeye
Beef Ho fun
Most Spicy Pani Puri (Golgappa) in World | BHUT JOLOKIA (GHOST PEPPER) Pani Puri
Apple Butter BBQ Pulled Chicken
shrimp tacos, homemade tortillas, charred corn and Brussels sprouts succotash
Buddha Bowl with Ahi Tuna, Rice, Sweet potato, Spinach and Peanut Sauce
healthy dates vs Moldy dates important but short 34 sec video. these can be home grown but not
Perfect little breakfast for one (iloveberniesanders)
breakfast burrito , Homemade bacon, homemade tortilla homemade refried beans
Rendered beef fat for baking Belgian fries
Beef &amp; Vegetable Soup
French Toast Roll Ups |  Breakfast Idea | Nutella-Peanut Butter And Cream...
White Bean and Kale soup with smoked Andouille sausage
this giant Slovenian Holiday cake (named "Potratna potica"- wasteful cake). It's made from several layers of dark and light biscuits and from two fillings: walnut and cottage cheese.
Banana bread with the biggest (and only) chocolate chips I had!
Roast in a yorkie
Scallop gumbo
chorizo breakfast burrito
Chocolate mug cake with powdered sugar dusting.
an absolutely perfect avocado
Pickled Onion Rosemary and Potato Pizza
Cheeseburger soup with ground beef, bacon, onion, and broccoli inside a cheddar cheese base.
Scalloped Potatoes and Ham, Garnished with Scallions
Reverse sear
- Hamburger flat bread with horseradish drizzle.
Buffalo mozzarella caprese salad
Sugar Free Gummies. Took way longer to make than to eat!
this açaí bowl
Tuna and Sweetcorn, Brie and Lettuce Triple on wholemeal.
trofie (pasta), spinach pesto, prawns and an egg
This might be a little late but this was a good decision that I ever made in my life would try again 10/10 would recommend
Gourmet Mushroom - Avocado Toast
Sous Vide Steak with Roasted Garlic &amp; Parsley Butter Sauce.
Healthy food swaps
milf pussy
Gyudon with Miso soup, Itadakimasu! 😋
date squares, butter oatmeal cookies, caramel cacao brownies
Squid ink paella with arepa tortilla
LEGO cake
Greek Meze and Grill
Jalapeño poppers ready for the Weber!
falafel platter with pita, babaganouj and more!
Strawberries and Kiwis
Chocolate chip Nutella pancakes
Pastrami on Rye with Mustard
tomato herb focaccia
"KUTTANADAN TODDY SHOP SPECIAL PRAWN ROAST"
Corn Chowder
Egg White Omelette stuffed with chili and plated with yolk sauce.
Chocolate Chip Cookies
Shanghai Scallion Oil Noodles (xiao cong ban mian)
Chicken tortilla soup
Garlic and cheese flatbread

Egyptian Molokhiya ( Jute Mallow)
Korean Kong Guksu, a soy milk based cold noodle dish
The Child French Macarons
Jamaican Dish
Cranberry Orange Brioche Star
Pizza Pac-Man
Walnut &amp; rosemary-crusted chicken with roasted vegetables and garlic aioli
Tri-tip and veggies
Tacos birria con consommé
Ribeye I bought from farmer
Oven Char Siu Ribs
SARMA part 3. Finished
Roasted Brussels Sprout
Grilled chicken burger
Nachos.
Wild Rabbit Egg Rolls
bagels Babish style. And yes, a tiny whisk was used to mix the everything seasoning.
Sex is cool, but have you ever had powdered sugar covered strawberries?
Chicken Katsu Curry
made hand chopped pesto, I think I like it even better this way
Cucumber Avocado Roll
Baked gruyere with garlic and herbs, and charcuterie
Tuna and avocado sushi with toasted sesame seeds!
Kakuni (Japanese Pork Belly)
100 Layer Donuts
Mango Graham
Ramen with Ajitsuke Tamago and Char Siu
Beef Lo Mein
Amazing hidden  chef cabinet from Alex
Beef Brisket
French Omelette
Cookies N Cream Cookies
Steak, Potatoes and Chimichurri
My partners  baking insta. Every Follow Helps!
Fresh Cut French Fries
Nееd Wеіght Loss Naturally? Hеrе Arе Some Home Rеmеdіеѕ for Wеіght Loss The fact and all what we need to know about weight loss. Thе human body is one that loves to hаvе еvеrуthіng but it is уоur job to determine whаt уоu give tо it.
Burger with Zucchini and Onions
Mexican Street Tacos.
Traditional Vegetarian Shakshouka
cream filled donuts
Grilled fish curry 😋🐠
"" Corn Curry with Spicy Fried Prawns
Waiting for my wood fired pizza...
chicago style pizza
smoked salmon eggs benedict
Open face Sous Vide Tri-tip sandwich w/ horseradish aioli
farmers burger. 20cm in diameter.
Red wine braised short rib pot pies
Napoli Pizza
Bacon beer cheese soup with potatoes
birthday girl
FAA orders 'stepped-up' inspections of Boeing 777s after engine failure on United flight - NBC News
Ruebens on marble rye
Homemade Spicy Cauliflower Tacos.
Pan seared salmon, blackened shrimp, and cilantro lime rice
Beer Bread
Blueberry Cheesecake and whipped cream
Venison burger with sweet potato chips
My second attempt at a paella
Roasted Vegetable Ravioli in a Herb Sauce With Morel and Cremini Mushrooms and Crispy Deep Fried Sage
Butternut squash pie... too late to the market to buy pumpkin!
rigatoni with creamy chicken and mushrooms. Mature cheddar and Parmesan also.
Chipotle Chicken Burrito with Jalapeño Bacon Black Beans, Cilantro Lime Rice.
Strawberry Puff Pastry
Biscoff cake
Made some adorable lil donuts at my shop this weekend
Seafood Pasta
christmas liqueur
Edamame Pasta
Lasagna, Ricotta cream cheese and sauce layered between the noodles! Served with homemade dinner rolls!
Penne alla Vodka with Grilled Chicken &amp; Garlic Bread
his and hers chocolate souffle with creme anglaise
Simple chicken alfredo pasta
General Taos Chicken put on regular ramen noodles.
pumpkin mash with miso, green vegetables, pickled daikon radish and a poached egg.
Vanilla almond meringues
Miso black cod, Nobu style, with roasted peppers
Chicken Cutlets in Sun-Dried Tomato Cream Sauce
Stuffed Meatball
My chicken sandwich attempt.
Chicken Pot Pies
Tiktok oreo cake
Crab &amp; Cream Cheese Sushi
Ina Garten’s roast chicken
Chocolate and vanilla checkerboard cake, Oreo frosting, and chocolate ganache
cheese board
eggs on toast.
Quiche (Spinach, Sausage, &amp; Feta)
Potato Tornedo
philly cheese steak tacos!
Smoked Beef “Dino” Rib
cheddar broccoli soup
This is a masterpiece..(blueberry waffle and bacon) ?? I call it..the bacon waffle sandwich
Chicken &amp; Dumpling Soup
Chocolate, cinnamon, and cherry loaf.
Hotpot is my favorite, but been sad that I can't have it with friends and family. Luckily individual hotpot is a thing
ဗန်းမော် လခွိုင်စီ ချက်နည်း ( Banmaw Lakhoisi Receipe) -
Deep fried bananas .
Louisiana Chicken Pasta
A NEW approach to food in the region - The Press-Times
Smoked chicken
Loaded Baked Potato Soup
Albondigas
tonight I made a roasted duck
Bison steaks on jerk black beans with poached eggs
poke to stay bootylicious
roast pork ramen
sriracha egg salad with bacon, cucumbers, celery, and bitchin’ sauce.
Instant Pot Kung Pao Chicken
Chicken fried rice loaded with eggs, scallions, peas, carrots, ginger and garlic
banana bread donuts with chocolate glaze
chicken and dumpling soup
Pecan Pie Brownies
chicken and eggplant one pot pulao
Seafood Gumbo
The immortal Pot noodle butty
I made a nice cozy roast for my bf and I’s 3rd anniversary!
trying some new plating techniques! roasted pork chop with butternut squash, parsnips, and pickled radishes.
Massaman curry
Soon Tofu and more
Walnut sage pesto and honey lemon glazed grilled chicken.
Smoked Salmon Pizza
cinnamon raisin bagels from this morning, and omg they are delicious!
making jambalaya. Serrano peppers, jalapeños, garlic, chicken jalapeño sausage, pork belly, corn, shrimp, diced tomatoes, seafood seasoning, oregano, basil, parsley, paprika and chicken stock. Before I added the long grain rice.
Beef Broccoli Over Rice
Immunity boosting 3 simple health drinks
Double-decker, four-cheese chicken quesadilla
My COVID Story: I was told I should not be worried as I only have fatigue and no fever - Times of India
Pomfret fish fry.
Frijoles Borrachos
- Detroit Style Pizza
Chef  - Blueberry Cheesecake Ice Cream I ate
Ribeye steak tacos, Mexican style with Verde sauce.
Bami tastes very good!
Baked Butternut Squash and Onion for Soup
Swabian Herrgottsbscheißerle and Potatosalad
https://ift.tt/36b5kcC
Grilled King Crab roll with pickled shallot beurre blanc
Brownie
Chocolate Meringue Mousse Cake
Pork belly bao buns
Brisket, turkey, ribs, and sausage, smoked over oak &amp; pecan. Paired with jalapeño mac &amp; cheese, bourbon bacon baked beans, potato salad &amp; cracked pepper cream corn.
Pepperoni, mushroom and pepper pizza
Aguachile
French toast, eggs, boxty, bacon with whipped maple syrup (not in photo)
88 Dozens three roast agnolotti
Bienenstich or the German Bee Sting Cake is made with sweet yeast (brioche) dough and topped with almonds and oodles of honey before being baked. Halved and filled pastry cream before devouring it!
Banoffee pie :)
Lamb Curry
Crispy Pork Belly with a Korean inspired BBQ rub
Best Jungle Juice Recipe 2020 - Free Tips
Ăn THỨC ĂN NHANH làm từ LEGO
German Pretzels, Buns, sticks and bites
Money (inside) cake
spaghetti bolognese
Assortment of Japanese specialties
Arepa with pulled Mayo-Chicken
Dutch Baby Pancake with berry purée
Strawberry Chamomile Pie
shrimp tacos
Potato skins
Burn fat and heal overnight with no change in diet and exercise
phyllo dough cake stuffed with a sweet cheese filling
“Insect Story” Appetizer
Katsu Chicken Bento Box!
Red Velvet Cake with Cream Cheese Icing!
Risotto with shrimps
Brown Butter Blondie, Salted Caramel Ice Cream, Almonds.
Sausage Balls
Portobello Bahn Mi
5 lbs. of black garlic
Tishpishti (Turkish-Sephardic Citrus Semolina Cake)
https://ift.tt/2YyFStn
Double Decker Brunch BLT
chocolate ice cream
barbecued steak and spicy potatoes
Cheese Garlic Potatoes, Mushroom Butter Steak
Slow Cooked Butter Chicken
The ultimate hangover meal. Family-sized chili cheese poutine
Mukbang Burger King Whopper and Poutine
General Tso’s pork... kinda. My riff on the OG recipe from chef Peng
Gingerbread cookies! They were delicious.
Holographic chocolate!
Taiwanese Beef Noodle Soup
mongolian beef
Korean holiday feast
Bacon, spinach, tomato, and mushroom quiche
Reversed Seared Steak
Quinoa &amp; Beef Skillet (with black beans and corn)
Charcuterie
Beef Wellington and Hasselback Potatoes
Stealth Pepperoni Pizza
Boiled bagel. Took me 4 failed doughs but I did it...
Red Lentil Flatbread with Radish Green Pesto, Mushrooms, Chicken, and Nutritional Yeast
Bone-In Ribeyes
hot pot
creamy rice casserole with tomatoes, mushrooms, and spinach
Classic Beef Pot Pie!
Thai Basil Chicken, cured egg and noodles
Hanger Steak chimichanga filled with yellow rice, roasted red pepper guac, onion, cilantro and topped with Oaxaca, salsa verde and sour cream.
Jamaican chicken curry
If I fits, I sits.
Homemade blueberry scone with honeyed butter and cacao fruit jam
a maple grilled pork chop.
5 spice pork belly bao
Make money with Amazon, Invest in Amazon and get double profit  Rice &amp; curry scenes, a combo that never fails to impress! Ingredients - Yellow rice, lamb black curry, dhal thick curry, Malay pickle and papadam.
Honey Glazed Duck!
Dominican style fried fish with fried white sweet potato
Grilled tomato with creamed spinach and cheddar cheese
Sometimes less is more. You're looking at potatoes, salmon and roasted broccoli
Grilled country ribs and pork chops with Cajun seasoning.
야채 순두부찌개 (yachae sundubu-jjigae, spicy soft tofu stew), 비빔밥 (bibimbap), and 상추겉절이 (sangchu-geotjeori, sweet, sour, and spicy lettuce salad)
Win an ecard
Pasta
Oven grilled stingray with spicy sambal in banana leaves, garlic rice with clams, nai bok choy and radicchio, spicy BBQ pork shoulder chops
Quattro formaggio pizza (gruyere, Leicester, feta, mozzarella), vegetarian pepperoni and jalapenos, air fried chips, coleslaw and salad.
this chicken gyro
classic lasagna.
Smoked Cheeseburgers
maple glazed ham, cheesy mashed potatoes, and glazed carrots
Partially at least - Seeded sourdough toast with fresh ricotta topped with veggies sauteed with herbs &amp; drizzled with chilli oil along with a pickled gherkin.
Sirloin steak
Top Sirloin with Caramelized Onions
Festive Afternoon Tea
pizza not ready yet but still lmao
Must try foods in Sri Lanka
Lambs rack coated in ras-el-hanout/breadcrumbs
Some chicken and a tortilla on the griddle
Tofu kimchi stir fry over white rice.
tomato, sausage meat, basil, mozzarella on sour dough
On charcoal grilled surf and turf dinner was pretty tasty (ribeye steak, herb butter, shrimp, rice, spinach, corn)
Ahi Tuna Steak, Angus Ribeye, and Broccoli
Chicken Chilli Fry
Entremet
Pasta Carbonara with homemade pasta
Pennette alla sorrentina
Casarecce with Red Argentinian Shrimp and Broccolini
Lemon Garlic Cod
Cincinnati Chili topped with nutritional yeast, diced onion, homemade sriracha, and homemade green chili sauce.
Princess cupcakes
copycat bibibop
spaghetti with soy sauce veggies and meat
Skyla’s  Philly Cheesesteak Bites. Shaved steak, melted American cheese, caramelized onions, mushrooms filling. Dip with CheeseWiz
Crispy lamb flatbreads
Smoked “Gouda” Mac with Garlic Bread Crumbs
Country style Biscuits and gravy.
Tuna cheddar melt with peppers and spinach
Korean Fried Chicken
Chicken Salad Sammich.
Peanut butter cheesecake with chocolate topping
Gingerbread Brooklyn Bridge
Sssssssssscallops
3-vinegar Chicken Adobo with ramen eggs
I cooked this One-Pot Mexican Chicken and Rice last night.
This banana and chocolate ice cream sundae
Birria tacos
- Hot Pot (Mala &amp; Tomato broth)
Venison shepard's pie with ghouda mash.
marshmallows with dulce de leche, Belgian dark chocolate, and sea salt.
buffalo chicken pizza with bacon.
Mexican rice
Homemade pizza!
Israeli spiced meat pie
black soybean spaghetti and hand-formed meatballs with sun dried tomatoes.
Pumpkin bread in an acorn pan 🍂🍁
Corn wafers with scrambled eggs and mustard sprouts
Tuna. Still trying to figure out the right doneness
Double layer chocolate cake with fresh strawberries, strawberry Italian meringue buttercream, and a ganache drip
Arctic Char, Rainbow Trout, and Blue Catfish baked with brown sugar and cracked black pepper
chicken with asparagus
Ohio man accused of bombing attack on boyfriend of woman who spurned his romantic interest - NBC News
Birria queso tacos
Lobster taco
https://ift.tt/3r5d9ZF
Petite red potatoes and asparagus
Pumpernickel
Snowman Cheese Board
Chocolate toffee cookies
Dad's Bratwurst!
Cajun shrimp with garlic cheddar grits
Gajar Halwa
Bread Banana Balls

Mumbai Indians' 'big picture' in focus as Surya, Ishan walk up the cricketing ladder - Times of India
Squid and Mussels with Shrimp Skewers
Fudgy Pumpkin Brownies
Peach Cobbler
Shelly the Hermit Crab
Fettucine Bolognese
meat and veg Argentinian asado
Pancakes with strawberries, bacon and eggs
Garlic rosemary focaccia
simple buttermilk biscuit with smoked gouda omelet.
Ginger molasses cookies
salami grilled cheese for a homework break got me the thumbs up
Stollen and Buttermilk Cake
Mac and cheese with toasted breadcrumb topping.
Chicken Cobb Salad
Holubtsi aka Ukrainian Stuffed Cabbage Rolls:
fish and chips — accompanied by strips of beer battered and fried filet mignon 😙
smoked pork loin
Little Sbrisolona Pie
‘chops
Sardine and fennel bucatini
Today I made  Digaag Qumbe aka Yogurt-Coconut Chicken which is very similar to a curry. This recipe was inspired by a traditional Somalian dish. Recipe in comments, if interested.
cupcake selection!
Tilapia, brown rice, salad and potato fries.
Monster burrito
Ridiculous Slices from Scarr's in Manhattan
Shaksuka breakfast with all the fixings.
Blueberry, Almond &amp; Lemon Cake
Churrasco w Grilled Scallion + Chimmichurri
Smoky BBQ chicken wings.
Easy Egg Bhurji Recipe | Spicy Indian Style Masala Egg Scramble
hangar steak, maybe too rare?
a korean fried chicken rice bowl with cheese and gochujang sauce!
Cheeseburger and twice fried French fries
Ipasta (Cavatelli)
Carbonara
National Pepperoni Pizza Day Pizza
yakisoba
Netizens react to viral video of man allegedly 'spitting' on rotis at wedding function - DNA India
Spice the things up
My Uber Eats for tonight.  Chicken tikka masala &amp; a chicken samosa😋
Steak Close to medium
Sourdough boule. Matcha powder for the green leaf.
Tikka Masala.
mutton rendang curry, salmon with crispy ginger, stir-fried baby bok choy with shirashu
spicy sesame tonkotsu ramen
Sous Vide Filet Mignon with Mac &amp; Cheese and Bacon Brussel Sprouts
Pasta e fagioli (pasta with beans)
Brick Oven Pepperoni Pizza
thanksgiving pies
Yet Another Prime Rib
https://cutt.ly/ijHzpGl
Smoked beef brisket
Chicken Ropa Vieja and Poblano Rice
Healthy dish Ash Gourd with Yogurt Curry
mulled apple juice with cloves
Peach Cobbler and Blueberry Milkshake
Sweet potato gnocchi, butternut squash, roasted garlic brown butter sauce, fried sage, fermented garlic bread
Have you try how to make snacks before? If not these are the method to go about it
Tacos with bacon-wrapped Brussels sprouts
a roasted pork belly burrito
Turkey Stock for Thanksgiving
Basque cheesecake
Red Cooked Eggplant
lunchtime filet mignon, mashed potatoes, and seared broccoli
Turkey &amp; Bacon Cheddar Melt on Whole Wheat Bread
Terry’s Chocolate Orange Brownies
smoked pork tenderloin with crushed fennel seeds and rosemary...
Cozinhando ASMR - Sanduíche Feito De Itens Mágicos(Harry Potter) - Funny...
3 day lasagna - day 1 brisket and sausage ragu, day 2 noodles and assembly, day 3 fresh tomato sauce and final bake each piece for maximum crispy edges
bread and accompaniments
Abalone Ramen
Dutch Pancakes
Thịt Nướng
Waffles 🧇😋
Chicken birria tacos!
XLB
Boeuf Bourguignon
A Beautiful Ribeye Steak
Heatily Ghost Sauce is FIREEEE
Maaqouda
Pound cake with strawberries and vanilla cream.
Greek New Year’s Cake
butternut squash ravioli
breakfast sandwich with cayenne French toast
Chinese hand-pulled noodles in tomato sauce base with chicken
Marbled muffins
Sushi and nigiri for Christmas
Poached Wild Salmon on a bed of quinoa with roasted tomatoes and mushrooms, mango avacado salsa, fried egg and mango blackberry chili reduction
Sautéed onion and cheese burger with o-rings with dill sauce
piccalilli with carrots, cauliflower and cucumber.
Cheese Platter
Creamy Breakfast Mushroom Omelette
Garlic Butter Pasta
Chicken and shrimp Alfredo
I never post here, but here’s the Chicken Tikka Masala, and a simple yogurt raita I made w/ rice and naan (from a store nearby).
Cara Cara orange chicken
Cincinnati 4-way
Indian spiced lamb pittas with homemade raita
🥣💜Try this  purple sweet potato soup with cashew cream
White Chocolate raspberry cake
ilFornino Wood Fired Oven Rosemary Chicken Wings
Chilli shrimp pasta
chicken thing. Tasted amazing
Kenji’s Thanksgiving stuffing/dressing
Pandan Honeycomb Cake
Vanilla Panna cotta with homemade berry sauce
Puntitas de Calamar - Deep fried pygmy squid. look at his ickly legs eeeeeeee!
Beef Kebabs
holiday treat trays
Cranberry Apple pie
Tournedos Rossini
Stalking Conor McGregor
Dilla
Chinese meal
Phò
Single layer dark chocolate cake made with espresso and dusted with powdered sugar!
shoyu tonkatsu ramen
an almond croissant and a cinnamon morning bun with strawberry cheesecake flavored coffee!
My lunch for today :3
matzo ball soup
https://ift.tt/35TYmZs
a bomb white pizza
bubble bread
Crispy potatoes, sprouts, roasted chicken and gravy to bring in 2021
black truffle cacio e pepe
Canadian butter tarts
Stuffed Artichokes
Crab boil with my family on Christmas
- keto muffin breakfast!
toast
Bayou chicken red beans and rice
Steak with Green beans and Romenscu sauce
Duck breast with pumpkin
beef tenderloin with truffled creamy potato whip and bordelaise sauce
Sliced Fresh Home Garden Manitoba Heirloom Tomatoes Plated and Served With A Custom 5 Peppercorn Grind (Red / Green / White / Telicherry / Lampong) &amp; Hawaiian Black Sea Salt
Mexican Ground Beef and Rice Casserole
Breakfast Recipe Morning Time | Breakfast with Eggs POTATO MASALA Recipe...
Pot roast with carrots and potatoes.
breakfast in the new house

Honey Maple Bourbon Pork Loin with Peaches
Cajun shrimp pasta — was suppose to be in NOLA this week. Can’t wait to get there eventually and try the real deal. Next to tackle is beignets!
BBQ pizza w/ mesquite smoked chicken
banh it tran and banh gio made by my mom
Roasted Spiced Moroccan Carrot Hummus with pomegranate seeds, pumpkin seeds and roasted Tahini.
Sacrificial lamb ribs with braised lamb hearts
Shrimp scampi
Chicken Rassa | गावाकडच्या पद्धतीचा चिकन रस्सा by SHADES OF RECIPES
fried chicken sandwich with tartar sauce
Pain au Chocolat
Seared pickerel on potato purée, roast carrot purée, roast cauliflower with pickled pearl onion &amp; scallion salad
Bacon wrapped tenderloin with spiced corn on a cob, baked potato and guacamole dip at Texas Longhorn, Sweden.
Cinnamon Roll Bread
cabbage and salmon
Garlic Naan with mutter Panner.
Carbonara (with peas)
Mushroom risotto
chocolate fudge cake with toffee popcorn and toffee sauce.
Fried eggs with chicken nuggets
Cinnamon buns with cream cheese frosting and pecans
cream cheese dinner rolls (milk bread)
Elvet steakhouse 🥰  the mixed grill!
Bacon gouda blueberry waffles

peanut butter cookies
Taco Lettuce Wraps
Fresh ravioli with ricotta filling (and egg!)
pasta with tomato cream sauce and shrimp
Sausage and Shrimp Gumbo
Chicken Bolognese
Last night was Taco Tuesday with guacamole!
Beef short ribs &amp; onions
Tonkatsu ramen with chashu pork belly
Protein oats
30-minute paella
'Unforeseen activities': Govt defers national polio immunisation programme - Hindustan Times
Prime rib
Bucatini with Egg, Pancetta, Pecorino Romano and Pepper.
Reverse seared ribeye tomahawk on the grill. Smoked indirect with hickory for 1.5 hr, then a quick direct sear. Served with grilled veg and sautéed mushroom.
" Yammy Recipe
LittleChef's Mini Coffee Series with Moka Pot
ramen
a maple bacon donut from a local donut shop
Mustikkapiiraat - Finnish Blueberry Buns
fettuccine noodles with pesto cream, Parmesan crusted chicken and Buffalo mozzarella
Pozole Rojo
McJordan (1992)
Sponge cake with chocolate orange flavour icing
Fries Chicken Sandwich with Spicy Mayo
Stuffed bell pepper with beyond sausage and baby potatoes cooked with olive oil and rosemary
A freshly made stroopwafel
Pasta with Meatballs in slow cooked Marinara.
Ginger Chicken compliments to MIL
Cold days lend themselves to pot roasts, naturally.
Viral video: Tearful delivery driver fearing homelessness gets $50,000 in donations - The Indian Express
pizza made by me and my sisters
grilled cheese, bacon &amp; pickles
Hey I made these onion rings
Grilled Pizza (Not the prettiest picture...but out of the park delicious!)
Veg Fried Rice with Manchurian
Spicy Chinese stir fry
I make my own bacon.
Humble Rub for your favourite bird wing or vegetable
Breakfast are these 10 places...
(drank) Passion fruit margarita and passion fruit lemonade
Malaysian Satay Chicken Curry &amp; Jasmine Rice
Fresh Beef Ravioli, Calabrian Chili, Parmigiano Reggiano, and Vegetable Cream Sauce
Oklahoma onion burger
Wagyu Tomahawk
Turkey Jello
Prime Rib. Nailed it Ithink?! Looks creepy too lol
Black Forest Cake with fresh cherries
any one ever half fried and egg then poached it in a broth? Was pretty good and the yolk was still a bit runny so it added to the liquid once it broke.
Rolls.
Air Fried Talipia and Tartar Sauce
Butter Chicken!
tuna noodle casserole
cheese omlette with focaccia and salad
Mole Poblano and Guajillo Chile Enchiladas
Cheese Pizza
a bagel with cream cheese, tomato, basil, and balsamic
Smoked Coffee London Broil, with Chimichurri
Steak, mushrooms and Brussels sprouts
Seattle dog.  Cream cheese, sautéed onions, sauerkraut, grilled jalepeños, sriracha - on a hoagie.
Meatball sandwich
Christmas Cheesecake with Pomegranate Recipe
an ice cream flight (blueberry, cinnamon roll, strawberry, coffee and cookies, hotcakes, yam)
Southwest Duck Pizza
Chicken Tikka Taquitos
Slow-Cooked Beef Stew with Mushroom
Pasta and Red Sauce with Meatballs
Preparation for Poon Choi
Rye Bread
A Krabby Patty
Tandoori Turkey
"" Cool salmon plating
potato chowder and mushroom Barley soup
brazilian pizza stuffed with carmalized onions and fresh mozzarella
First Attempt Tonkatsu Ramen
Cherry Chocolate Chip Muffins
Charcuterie board I made for thanksgiving.
A Ham and Cheese Hot Pocket with a side of ketchup mixed with Louisiana hot sauce.
3 lbs Tomahawk Steak dinner (with other things)
Lye Pretzels, Obatzda, and Koji Brown Mustard
Cream Cheese Pumpkin Roll
Triple smash burger. With sautéed onions, pickels, and burger sauce
Fruits &amp; food decoration! After  creativity
Prime Rib
Balanced breakfast
Çilbir (Turkish Eggs)
Sourdough doughnuts with salted caramel cream and Nutella
Chicken Parmesan for the entire family.
Mexican and Thai Fusion Fried Rice
Home Fries and a burger with spinach, cheese, chic fil a sauce, and an egg fried in the home fry grease.
Salmon Wellington
Oreo s’mores and peanut butter s’mores
fusion malloreddus fish soup with fennel and carrots
Fish taco spread
Broccoli and Cheese Soup
Chocolate chip, blueberry oat, and spiced sugar cookies
Warning smoking in progress!
Persian Kabab Recipe/Easy &amp; Delisious Smoky Kabab/ Beef Kabab/kabab fumé...
Chicken Rolls on Fettuccine.
Four Cheese Pesto Pizza
Baked my favorite gingerbread cookies!!!!
Fried chicken sandwich and Caesar
Shrimp Scampi copied from a recent episode of Basics with Babish.
Hainanese Chicken Rice
matcha cookies
Small French Crepes
Grilled eel on a bowl of rice.
Phổ
egg over easy and bacon
Egg Tarts
Mutton Karahi - a South Asian dish cooked in (mushed) tomatoes
I’m only 13 and ever since I made my lunch Gordon Ramsey has been real quiet 👀
curry rice
Traditional Greek Moustokouloura - Μουστοκουλουρα Παραδοσιακα Συνταγη
Lobster and Cheddar Baked Dip
pull-apart round challah with a tomato, garlic, mozzarella, and herb twist
Chicken Tikka Masala with homemade naan bread
almond raspberry cakes with a garden raspberry compote.
Chicken Tikka with veggies, mashed potatoes, steamed broccoli and fried rice!
Pomegranate and Cara Cara orange syrup to flavor anything.
I wish  Japanese A5 Wagyu
Levain Style Cookies!
Pancakes and strawberries with a bit of cream.
Coffee Cake
My bento box style lunch for tomorrow.
birria quesotacos
Caramalized Onion and Chicken Drumsticks
White cake with lemon butter cream and raspberry filling.
vegan pizza with cashew mozzarella.
honey-glazed and churro donuts
Thai Basil Pork Belly
Biscuits Bacon and Sausage Gravy
I made shakshouka
socially distanced Lamb Kabobs
Menudo
salmon wellington, carrots, cucumber salad
Foraged Blackberry and Apple strudel with cinnamon sugar cream.
Berry Mango Smoothie Bowl
Fried chicken with Sriaracha-mayo in a soft fluffy bun
oyster mushroom risotto with pan seared sea scallops
美好一天开始
Fresh cake
Mussels "Saganaki"
pizza
Taiwanese popcorn chicken
chilli and paprika prawn linguine with cherry tomatoes in four cheese sauce. grew the tomatoes and basil myself!
Hoison Glazed Ribeye &amp; Baby Bok Choy
Baguette Bread
USDA Prime Tomahawk Ribeye w/ Brown Butter Carrots &amp; Garlic Herb Potato
Buffalo wings!
Hồi Sinh Người Chết Với Món Ăn Từ Nguyên Liệu KINH HOÀNG | Crazy Chef AS...
coconut pancakes. Sorry about the pic, it was so good I forgot to take the photo before eating it.
French Onion soup! One of my favorite soups!
Homemade,Steak &amp; Eggs breakfast
Rice, beans and meat with sweet plantain and avocado.
Asian Curry 🍛
Cinnamon Raisin French Toast
Vietnamese Spring Rolls
Pot roast with crispy potatoes and roasted broccoli
Grilled sausage
Double chicken Parmesans
barbecue pork
Fresh batch of crack pretzels
Ratatouille
Rump steak off the grill on soft ciabatta with feta cheese and garlic peri-peri.
chocolate ganache filled chewy cookie cups
Buffalo wings and beer
Eton Mess Cheesecake
Taco Sunday
Chickpea-flour muffins with onions, cilantro, garlic and celery
Kofta Korma
Hummus &amp; Pita
Vegetable Fried Rice &amp; Chicken Pad Thai
Blackeyed peas with bacon, leftover grilled pork and collard greens
toasted focaccia • whipped burrata • tomato + tomato jam • balsamic • pepita pesto • basil
Salmon workout lunch
dumpling soup with green onion &amp; mushroom
Salted soft pretzels
Stroopwafel
bbq artichokes
Brunch Pizza
Hamburger &amp; Onion Pizza with Fries &amp; a Side Salad
aglio e olio con pomodoro
Apple Spice Pie
Prosciutto wrapped figs with fresh mozzarella, mint, and balsamic reduction.
Lasagne
TASTY  RABRI 😋
Gyro
PERSONNE ne peut TUER ce JOUEUR PRO MOBILE Fortnite !
Chicken Bulgogi and Japchae
Prawn and Chorizo Risotto
My 8 year old’s bread buns (we used a cupcake tray), she ate one within 45 seconds of coming out of the oven 😂
Veg Hakka Noodles
Elote salad and chorizo queso with homemade chorizo
Cheese and Eggdrop Cup Noodle
Japanese Kaiseki kitchen 10 course menu
NYE cheese board
Hertzoggies (a South African coconut and jam tart)
Rainbow bagels
Salad with a side of lasagna and garlic toast
Tuna tacos
Fugazzeta - Argentinian Stuffed Cheese and Onion Pizza
4 Meat &amp; Mushrooms Pizza
Alien Fruit 👽
creamy lemon and lobster pasta with asparagus
I call it the Apple-Cinammon Dough Bomb
Salad
Penne Alla Vodka
Polish Bigos (Hunter's Stew)
( Culinary School ) Spicy Salmon Poki
The reverse ringo
cheese and fruit board.
Lo Mein Noodles
citrus marinated chicken stuffed zucchini, garlic buttered sweet potato and balsamic green beans
Argentinian Empanadas
crispy tofu and teriyaki beef salad - used gf soy sauce
Guacamole, tortilla, seasoned shrimp made of konjac
New York Strip and Cheesy Cauliflower.
Steak baguette with havarti and arugula
Ribs.
Carnitas.
Orange, honey and pistachio cheesecake
Tagliatelle Bolognese
Fettucine Alfredo
Ice Cream
Blueberry Streusel Muffin
Ham Stuff
Coconut thumb print cookie with coconut caramel.
Heartbreak Cookies
Smo-Fried Chicken Wings
Pizza with summer sausage, olives, onions, and prosciutto with a blended spinach sauce.
Beef fillet on potato-celery-puree with red wine shallots and beans wrapped in bacon
(Concoction) Butter Chicken and Turkey Stuffing
Sausage
Hamburger helper
Seared Ribeye Steak With Butter Mashed Potatoes
Pancake Christmas Tree ✨
Fruit birthday cake
Hot Chicken Sandwich on Homemade Bun
I’ve just had a lesson in how much better fresh blood black pudding is
Steak au Poivre with Fondant Potatoes
Pot Roast
Creamy parmesan grits, Sautéed kale, and fried chicken thighs topped with pepper jelly
chocolate, sesame and pistachio truffles.
shrimp tacos
buffalo chicken chimichanga
Does this belong here?
Gravlax - Final result
Jaegerschnitzel with Spaetzle and Cabbage
chicken Curry
Pan-Roasted Chicken with Pineapple-Chile Glaze
Sticky Date and Cinnamon Buns
Szechuan Chili-sauced Chicken Enchiladas (#oaxaca/usa)
French Vanilla Marshmallows made with egg yolks
Bacon Rib and Mac &amp; Cheese Stuffed Quail
Mandu
Dinner rolls
dumplings
Chicken Changezi A Taste of Delhi | My Lazeez Dastarkhwan
Funfetti Cake Pops with White Chocolate Shell
Everything baking sheet pizza
“”roasted chicken and Yorkshire pud
Penne all'arrabbiata
A rosegold cake that took far too long hand painting the drips 🤦‍♀️
French onion soup!
Cheese baked carbonara pasta with ham
A box of Russian chocolates
Chocolate cupcakes with ganache, topped with ritter and oreos.
Pizza. Half pepperoni and jalapeño for me and half sausage and mushroom for my girl. Never before tried this!
Goat Cheese Fondue
Bacon wrapped Oreos.. thoughts?
Poulet Yassa
Spinach Artichoke Dip with Crostini
Home made bread
plantain bon bons. Sweet plantains wrapped in bacon with a guava and date glaze.
- Double smashburger with cheese on some homemade buns!
Boston creme and ganache cupcakes
this melty sammich!
Versions Foods Spaghetti OC
Mint Chocolate Chip Cookies
Penne alla Vodka
Reese’s Cake
The best cheese board I’ve done to date (but always looking to improve)
8 hour Braised beef cheek with a red wine gravy and Swiss chard
Grape Skin Pizza 💕 Mother’s Recipe
prime rib with red wine mushroom jus, garlic mashed potatoes, green beans
Yorkshire puddings
I ate lunch outside | Indian Road trip with lunch plan | Picnic Jawalagiri Forest | Day outing for  lunch in Tamilnadu | Day outing near Bangalore | Forest Picnic in India
Choux au craquelin filled with hazelnut praline cream
Tuna nuggets | Tuna with chopped veggies | Kids Food | Food Love |
toast with peanut butter
Strawberry poptart
Mac and cheese
Chocolate marble cake
Steak, Roasted Potatoes, and Macaroni Shells
Hearty Tofu Scramble
smoked chuck pot roast
Spicy Indo-Chinese Red chilli Garlic Noodles with South Indian style Cauliflower 65 and Rice
Chicken Fried Steak
Mint chocolate chip brownies with mint chocolate kisses
Homemade carbonara
Steak Sandwich
Salted caramel chocolate cake
fried blue crab sandwich with slaw and chili homemade chili mayo
Biological Stone Champignons, bigger than my hand
Prefiteroles filled with homemade Bavarian cream and topped with homemade chocolate sauce
Miso glazed aubergine
Smash burger with pan seared crushed tomato/onion/garlic/ ketchup and a pretzel bun 🤤
Chicken, sausage and bacon jambalaya
Brown Butter Pecan Cookie Sandwiches!
Nashville Hot Chicken Sandwich with Pickle and Cabbage Slaw, Blistered Shishito Peppers and Miso-Togarashi Aioli
Maccarone de busa (egg pasta)
Chapulines and Guacamole with Salsa and Chicharrones
Pumpkin seeds: Benefits and easy ways to include them in your diet - Times of India
Chinese sausage, shrimp, and egg fried rice
custom ramen, smoked pork and egg. Awesome.
Just wanted to share that I have been slowly trying to introduce vegetables into my diet and this trifecta here tastes delicious and is easy to make. Anyone else on a similar journey?
coquilles saint-jaques
Garlic butter shrimp, roasted potatoes and asparagus
Eggs and bacon quesadilla.
Gluten Free Simple Waffle
Beef katsu with beef stroganoff and butter omurice
Snickerdoodles with an apple pie filling
French Fries &amp; Nachos combo with meat, cabbage, tomatoes, and ketchup
Bacon, Egg and Cheese Breakfast Sandwich
filet mignon
Rabbit stew
Boeuf Bourguignon and Mashed Potato’s
Italian wholemeal orecchiette with an Asian salted fish n pork belly sauce
9 hour smoked short beef ribs over rum infused Applewood. Dry salt brined a day beforehand with pepper and garlic to finish the crust.
Spicy Korean Chicken ❤️
Backing on the fire, chicken stuffed with blue cheese and onions
Salmon with tomatos, asparagus and broccoli.
Salmon patties and dijon yogurt sauce, with roasted asparagus and lightly- dressed arugula
Butter baked asparagus, tomato-oats crust, asparagus-basil-soup
Lobster Salad, dreaming of summer
a breakfast sandwich
Eggs on Toast
Pork belly pie
garlic bread
reverse tuna melt
Eggs Benedict inside a croissant.
tofu stir fry
Grilled cheese with bacon and jalapeño, and homemade creamy tomato soup
Carrot Cake Cupcakes
Lamb
all by me!
double smash with swiss, cheddar, muenster, and provolone
stock investment
Duck Egg Carbonara with Guanciale
Cheeseboard for the win
Italian Christmas Cookies
Baked Penne Bolognese
Smoked Haddock Mac &amp; Cheese
peppermint hot cocoa cupcakes
Baked Mac and Chheese
Kuska Recipe - Plain Veg Biryani
BOWL OF CEREAL
Butter Pepper Sweet Corn|Boter Peper Zoete Maïs|స్వీట్ కొర్న్|Home Kitchen Holland|India
Bûche de Noël
Bacon, Brie &amp; Caramelized Onion Burger
roasted artichoke with white wine, garlic and red pepper
Schweinefleisch Rahmschnitzel mit Spinat Spätzle (Thinly pounded pork in cream sauce with Spinach noodles)
Grilled Scallops and Potatoes, Pickled Okra, Cashews, Blue Basil.
Traditional Bengali Sweets
Biscuits and Gravy with a country potato and cheese Omelette
Garden Party Food
Korean Kimchi Ramen 🍜 😍
Vegetable pasta
Spicy Garlicky Wings
Beef and peppers
RS New York Strip With Coffee Rub
Smoked bacon and pancakes with maple syrup
pancakes with cottage cheese
Pastrami Hash
7 minute egg
Mango Jalapeño Cilantro Salsa
BBQ Pulled Pork Cheese Burger
Veggie Katsu Curry and Dalgona Coffee
Fried Rice with Bak Kwa (Chinese New Year Special)
Roasted spaghetti squash boat with homemade pesto, balsamic chicken and parmesan
Huites A La Crème ("8's with cream")
jamie Olivers comforting sausage bake
Crispy Pakora ""
Beef rib brazed in red wine
Tempura tilapia, chipotle crema and salsa
fresh Mozzarella chesse
Peppermint bonbon cookies
Pepperoni and cream cheese on two jalapeño loaf slices from Boudín SF. Topped with salt and pep, olly and vinny, and some ghost pepper flakes
Caldo Verde (Portuguese Cabbage Soup)
""15 minutes and some ingredients provides 225% of the daily RDI for vita...
Korean Beef Bowl with kimchi, carrots and bok choy
French onion soup
Strawberry vanilla cake with white chocolate frosting and gum paste roses
Double smash burger with cheese and grilled onions
chicken satays
Nutella bread
tamales, beetches
Fried Calamari with Olive oil, crushed garlic, hot pepper rings, lemon juice, herbs, remoulade sauce
Tonkatsu Ramen (sorry I forgot to cut the egg before the photo)
Chicken Enchilada Verde w Spanish Rice and Green Onion
""Mom's Hummus Recipe מתכון חומוס של אמא
Mods, could this be made into a rule? I am so hungry.  should include recipes in comments.
Sausage, egg, cheese, tomato, avocado on English muffin
Kobe beef steak
Chicken, asparagus, and button mushroom pie.
I ate homemade bread
Chocolate Bobka
Puerco Pibil, fresh out of the oven
India vs Australia Live Cricket Score, 3rd Test at Sydney, Day 2: India Strike, Smith Stubborn - News18
- To cut down on splatter, I started grilling burgers in my cast iron pan with the lid on. This had the added benefit of steaming the top and sides, cooking frozen patties faster, and the steam keeps the burger nice and moist. I call them "steamed hams."
Cheese Danish
Salmon burgers w/ quail egg, avocado, arugula and habenero aoli on toasted brioche
Upgraded cheap ramen
is there such thing as a breakfast tater tot supreme?
a homemade bacon,egg, and cheese bagel for dinner.
bread and pork ribs soup
Roasted rainbow trout with duck-fat sautéed kale
Short rib empanada
French toast. Challah, avocado, bacon, poached eggs, hollandaise, and a Yorkshire Tea cuppa
Zucchini Lasagna
Raw Food Diet: Is It Healthier? - Health Essentials from Cleveland ClinicHome-built hero: Clemson grad goes viral on TikTok for handmade Iron Man suit - Greenville News
Turkey Enchiladas with Spicy Fried Beans
Chicken Fried Rice! 😍🔥 . "Listen my advice... Eat chicken and rice if you want to stay healthy and wise." 😎🤟 . Food Photography and Food Photographer. . Book your Photography Services.
Spaghetti with Cheese
Freshly Cooked Bamboo Shoots with Pork and Chilis
Cookie Ice Cream Sandwich
Cast Iron Collard Greens
brown butter scallops over parmesan risotto with a side of oven roasted brussel sprouts tossed in balsamic and topped pomegranate
Chicago Deep Dish Pizza!
purple sweet potato and coconut pancakes with purple sauce and toasted marshmallows.
Cabbage soup
Beef tartare
Pesto Garlic Aioli Pizza &amp; Monterey Jack Sticks
When the ribs smile back
Use these fast food deals and freebies to cope with ‘election stress disorder’
Ham Ball
I cooked some  Mushroom Risotto using Oyster Mushrooms, Dried Chanterelles and Button Mushrooms! (OC)
Lorighittas in spinach tahini pesto, served with grilled honey mustard mackerel
Beef ragu sauce
chocolate torte topped with meringue and pomegranate seeds
Pearl Black Sourdough
angel food cake
dynamite shrimps
Shrimp fried rice Lunch box
Crumpet
shrimp that tastes like lobster
veg biryani with mint raita
Avocado egg cups
Boneless pork chops and gravy, diced potatoes and homegrown green beans.
cheddar baby boule
Sourdough bagels. Sourdough always feels like wizardry to me, and I’m so pleased!
I promise to cut against the grain
Christmas garlic cheese bread
Carrot-Tahini Soup with Coriander, Turmeric, Mint and Lemon
Paleo vs Atkins vs Ketogenic Diet
After Trump Acquittal, Republicans See "Battle For Soul Of Party" - NDTV
Pre-Valentine’s Day dessert. Apple and puffed pastry roses.
Dr. Pepper BBQ baby back ribs
Chive pull-apart dinner rolls
I made  Bitch Lasagne
Al-Pastor
dirt
Too many of these doughnuts
Vegetarian burger with a bean &amp; mushroom patty and a homemade brioche bun
chanko nabe - kinda
what do you think?
Grilled Honey BBQ Chicken Wings
Strawberries (Elan kind)
pan seared scallops and garlicky pearl couscous and mushrooms
Ramen 🍜
mozzarella on a Neapolitan pizza
Whiskey Chicken Rotini
Buffalo-chicken-stuffed pizza skulls
Couldn't Choose Between Lotus Biscoff, Oreo, and Nutella, So Just Made all 3.
Pumpkin buns
Spicy Pink Cabbage Pickles!
baked macaroni
Cast Iron Skillet. Basil, Cheese and Tomato Pizza.
Halloween s’mores dip
Koji Cured Steak (one of the best steaks I've ever had)
Chocolate bowl from the bottom a chocolate snowman with ice cream and whipped cream
50/50 Burger, Thick Cut Monterey Jack, Fried Egg, and extra awesome pickles.
Seared yellowfin tuna, stir-fried baby cabbage, ikur, black and white rice
Ribeye, Redskin Mashed Potatoes, and Sauteed Asparagus
Flat Iron Steak
Three cheese oven rice
grapefruit detox smoothie
Explained: Why Facebook is restoring news sharing in Australia - The Indian Express
hashtag appetizers
turtles cheesecake
Smashburger
Bistec De Palomilla.
Mediterranean baked veggies with couscous and feta
Sweet potato hash
Fish n' Chips
Frosted sugar cookies
Porter Beer Battered Catfish
Basque Burnt Cheesecake
Split chicken breast with a side of smashed potatoes and green beans.
Sour-doughnuts
https://ift.tt/35TYmZs
Shrimp Recipe
Pepperoni And Mushroom Pizza
Pulled Pork and Smoked Mac n Cheese
Bananas Foster Cheesecake
beef broccoli, lo mein, and sweet/sour chicken
Rajasthani Daal Baati (5 Lentil Curry with Oven baked wheat balls)
Asian dish
Latke
Smoked Chicken and Grilled Cabbage
fried chicken and some wings
Bifum with vegs and a tilapia togheter with coconut oil.
Perfect Porterhouse Steak (T-BONE)
Pizza Olympia
Impossible Nachos
Seafood chowder with clams, shrimp, scallops, and sea bass.
Hot Chicken sandwiches, smoked cheddar and pickles.
I made and ate a bacon and cheese smash burger!
Maple Taffy
Grilled octopus Croatian style in Eastern USA.
Pan seared salmon with lemon burre blanc, Asparagus and Garlic Mashed Potatoes
Jokbal-Inspired Pig Tails w/ saeujeot sauce
meatloaf and mashed
Tonkatsu pork
Korean lamb kebabs
Za'atari chicken, garlic yogurt &amp; rice with herbs
Surf and turf
Chicago style pizza!
Filet mignon with asparagus pocket and potatoes
Bagels, Biscuits, and Scallion Cream Cheese
scallops, asparagus, linguine
Thanksgiving Spread
pork shoulder in apple, caramel and spices, gravy is going to be succulent
Almond &amp; safforn milk
Sausage rolls with traditional puff pastry
fall off the bone ribs and a baked sweet potato
Chicken &amp; Cornbread Waffles with a Truffle Honey Butter
Thai Coconut Milk Sticky Rice with Mangoes
Brioche Sesame Buns
Hungarian Goulash
French Boule. A simple country white.
Fettucine Puttanesca
steak sandwich with provolone, onions and peppers
Turkey&amp;Bellpepper Omelette with Hashbrowns
I made smores bake.
"" fake hot dog!
Brät Sliders
Char-siu egg noodle soup
random mish mash of food by me and my mom 🤗
Did someone say taco Tuesday
Allspice cupcakes with homemade cream cheese frosting
an Organic Sprouts patty that I undercooked. Am I screwed?
- Soufflé Pancakes
pecan pie cheesecake for my cake day
Marinara sauce
Vietnamese Style BBQ Pork Wraps, with sweet pickled carrots, cucumber, fresh Thai basil and vermicelli, in a rice paper wrap.
Siomai with some chili garlic sauce.
Garlic Naan and Pindi Chole
Reverse sear Top Sirloin
Chinese salt baked free-range chicken, steamed black pearl rice, choy sum fried w Szechuan preserved beancurd
Spicy and sour Chana masala
Grateful for this  fast good is usually for for cravings.
Chicken Parma
Smash Burgers and Fries with Avacado
Duck breast carpaccio, smoked and dried
Hot Chicken Sandwich with Coleslaw and Pimento Mac and Cheese
Beef and egg breakfast tacos made with authentic peppers, avacado cream sauce and a fermented habanero salsa.
chicken parm and mozzarella sticks
Pepper Crusted Roast Beef
The perfect way to bake a fish
Detroit style pizza. Half pepperoni, basil, and arugula Half margarita with arugula.
Pan Fried Noodles
Beef Jerky, partial cooked.
Chocolate Coconut Bars
pork ribs
Finally my poached eggs are starting to get better
Spinach Salad
No-Bake Biscoff cheesecake
I made guacamole
French macarons! vanilla meringue shell with filling of raspberry buttercream and a raspberry jam center.
Rack of Lamb &amp; Veggies
Gooey marshmallow stuffed chocolate chip cookie
A smoked meat sandwich and poutine
English Muffin Breakfast Sandwich
Andouille Sausage, Egg, And Cheese Breakfast Sandwich w. Oven Roasted Potatoes

Lap Yuk, Cantonese dry cured bacon
Gratin Parmentier..Disregard the sample removed..
Malaysian Asam Laksa!
Broccoli &amp; Beef
surf &amp; turf with wine
Mixed Fish Platter (locally sourced)
Pork Tonkatsu Ramen
Alaskan Salmon cooked in brown butter and lemon with veggies and rice.
Burrata, tomato and basil with balsamic
Orecciette with spinach, sausage, and pecorino
Maple General Tao Chicken
French bread
Croque-Monsieur buckwheat crepes
Indian Spicy Pani Puri with 7 different types of flavored water
Little Batard
Pumpkin / Chocolat spooky cake.
Traditional Czech Trdelník
Gluten Free Bread
BBQ Berebere Air Fryer Wings
Lasagna with Meat Sauce
Trying to up my baking skills this year.  three-tier chocolate chip cookie dough vanilla cake with dark chocolate ganache.
Mediterranean Lamb with Garlic Turmeric Rice
fresh mozzarella, minced pepperoni mixed in sauce, garlic infused crust
it’s not delivery it’s cast iron pizza night
Apple-smoked ribs
salmon poke bowl
Tonkatsu Chashu Ramen
Butternut Squash Ravioli
Pancakes stuffed with tuna accompanied with mushroom cream. Bon Appétit.
smashed double cheeseburger with burger sauce
I was missing London and we can’t travel sooo...
Strawberry Ice Cream
Skirt steak tacos
Puttanesca
Spaghetti for a late lunch. Also, self care IS important
Chicken enchiladas
Creamy tomato orecchiette, italian sausage, mushrooms and spinach
Strawberry Santas
Tuna poke bowl
Fried Green Onion Noodles.
sousvide turkey ballotine
Grilled Jamaican Drumsticks, Grilled Pineapple with chili powder, Fried sugared plantains, and Coconut rice
Chipotle and Lime beef jerky
pasta with a truffle cream sauce
Miner’s Pie
Beef Short Rib Pasta
Basic pasta aglio e olio
spicy creamy ramen!
Found an unused Christmas pudding in the cupboard. Bone app the teeth.
Classic Cheeseburger
apple pie with a wreath crust
Texas Temperatures climb, power outages repaired but food and water shortages remain - Fox News
Peruvian paella
Jerk Steak Tacos
Samosa :)
Hummus
"" sun dried Cinnamon leaves
Cast Iron Skillet Steak, Potatoes, Creamed Spinach &amp; Bone Marrow
mini Fish Fingers with Mayo &amp; Mustard Crust
3 Cheese Beef and Potato Lasagna
Korean Braised Beef Short Ribs (Galbijjim) with Rice and Kimchi
nachos
Wagyu beef burger, provolone, caramelized onions, and habanero aioli
Best damn salsa
betrayal
Steak and 3 Vegetables
Pepperoni, sausage and cheese pizza
Sunday roast with beef rump, Dutch cream potatoes, pumpkin, carrots, zucchini, green beans, cauliflower with bechamel, and gravy.
Dark Chocolate Brownies topped with Oreo Ice cream
Muenster mac n cheese with chicken, truffle oil and Parmesan
Beef taipo is a Nepalese dumpling
Chilli
Garlic history and garlic use in medician
Curly fries
Quinoa Stuffed Mushroom
“”Thanksgiving Must Haves!! (How to cook your Turkey right)
Lobster rolls
Christmas Breakfast
Teriyaki Snack Sticks
Sanjrani says viral video was made in 2018 - The News International
Sourdough kimchi pancake
Beef Tartare
Chicken Pozole
Cinnamon Orange Pecan Biscotti
Prawn Thai red curry with fried rice.
strawberry Emmer wholemeal sourdough sandwich loaf
Braised beef ragu
Ethiopian Kita
Simple potato stew with beans and sweet potato
Beef and Potatoe Samosas
Double-smoked and maple bourbon glazed ham
Smoked Salmon Eggs Benedict with Hollandaise
Kare-kare (OX TAIL AND PEANUT STEW)
Ribeye with habanero tomato sauce, air fried asparagus, and garlic roll.
Ceasar salad with pan seared chicken thigh and bread with cultured butter
Eggs Benny from my nee start up breakfast joint!
Living in Hanoi, there's a lot of places making lovely  banh mi that i ate here's Top 10 Places to Taste Best Banh Mi in Hanoi
Breakfast fried rice!
Chocolate Mousse bar with Vanilla Ice Cream and Olive Oil
Shoyu Ramen - Garlic Pepper Oil flavoring. Made with real pork broth. Best Ramen I’ve ever had. Only took 5 hours!
Apple tart
Prosciutto-Wrapped Smoked Salmon and Chimichurri.
Orange dream bars
baked capsicum
German Kohlrouladen (made by my grandma) and local beer
Sausage and Cheese Omelette. I have conquered the omelette. 🙂
Something
loaded potato skins
Sea bass and French Fries.
Drinking morning tea is a daily habit of Cantonese in China. The exquisite desserts paired with chrysanthemum Pu-erh tea is great, the beginning of a beautiful day.
Chocolate Bread &amp; Butter Pudding!
Looking for the best knives in the world! Call 2183243785/ become a
pizza w/ chicken on top
lemon parsley rice pilaf and maple glazed carrots
Smoked chicken wings!
Bagels. Except one was a bungel.
Chicken Parm Grilled Cheese
whiskey Bacon Brownies
Sliced Garden Great White Heirloom Tomato With Olive Oil, 4 Peppercorn Grind &amp; Himalayan Pink Rock Salt
Homemade Sushi for me and my Gf. Lasted for 3 days
dark chocolate, almonds and cranberry cookies
Casarecce cacio e pepe
Philly cheesesteaks
braised pork belly bao
Bacon wrapped smoked venison roast
Lamb chops, baked white sweet potato, and sautéed spinach.
Mars bar squares.
French bread with fresh mozzarella.
Miso Tonkotsu ramen with black garlic oil.
Smoked salmon and lemon risotto
garlic bread with spicy sausage rigatoni, whipped ricotta, and lemon basil oil
Lobster Rangoons
Swedish Pancakes with alternating layers of lemon juice/sugar and raspberry jelly.
Caldo de Res (Mexican beef soup)
pecan carrot cake cupcakes
vanilla pannacota with berries
Chicken Jalfrezi
No bacteria can live in salt, including COVID-19. How to protect your he...
Beer battered haddock with potato purée and mushy peas
burger with fresh herbs, bacon jam, lettuce, tomato, red onion, jalapeño and Duke’s mayo
sushi homestyle on a tray
Famous Hot Brown from the Brown Hotel
No-Bake Blueberry Cheesecake
Veggie Shepherds Pie
Bangers &amp; Spring Onion Mash w/ Butter Glazed Carrots &amp; A Beef &amp; Oregano Gravy
Egg n a hole topped with feta and cilantro
Pastrami on Rye
Spring/Summer special - Compressed watermelon infused with basil (syrup), Bulgarian feta, petite arugula, balsamic.
Charcuterie board. Happy Halloween everyone!
Chicken Tacos
cheese plate
Zabaglione with strawberries &amp; basil
orange rolls.
Ice cream on a mango coulis
"" the Top 5 Tapas at The Iberian Pig | Food Guide
Olive oil cake with candied orange slices and citrus icing.
Trofie pasta with charred tomato pesto
from the best cheese platter
Potsticker Dumplings
Beef tips... these are going to taste great 😋
Apple Pie with Creme Anglaise
Buttered Salmon with Parmesan and Garlic roasted Brussel Sprouts
You killing this or nah?
Caribbean Food (not homemade avocado)
My homemade cheese! Tasty
Biaozi ( Chinese Dumplings )
Turkey chili with cornbread jalapeño waffles
Apple Smoked brisket flat.
Spinach and Shrimp Penne in Rose Sauce.
DBZ vanilla cupcakes
Rigatoni Vodka w/Meatball
Duck with cauliflower blinis. Seeking plating advice!
Avocado toast with hot pink hummus.
https://ift.tt/3oXI1KU
Basmati dill rice and stewed lamb.
surf and turf
Fettuccine Alfredo With Roasted Broccoli
Chicken meatball ramen
7-layer rainbow cake
Cincinnati style chili on spaghetti with cheese and onions
Breakfast bagel
Grilled steak with a baked potato with cheese, homemade house salad, and grilled asparagus.
chocolate and raspberry mouse cake !! (40 year old recipe)
red beans and rice
https://cutt.ly/ojHxqqT
Cheesey Mushroom &amp; Leek Pie (with Dino topper)
Sourdough day!
Butlers steak, asparagus and hand cut chips.
Scampi in turmeric sauce
Purple potato and beef short rib hash with poached egg, avocado and cilantro.
split pea soup
Nigella Lawson chooses ‘bitter orange tart’ as Trump leaves The White House
Beef chili
Taters.
Pilgrim pie
creamy garlic and mixed seafood pasta
Mixed Fruits
Yakisoba
Air Fryer Sesame Bagels
Roasted Chicken with Chorizo and Cardellini Stuffing
Peanut Butter Chocolate Pie
this huge grilled cheese sandwich. Fork for comparison.
After recreating iconic fast food burgers on my Instagram account, I settled on my own burger of choice. Smashed patty, white American cheese, chopped iceberg lettuce, sliced raw onion, mayo and a toasted, buttered Martin's potato roll
Sweet and Savory Puffs: Blueberry Mousse and Coriander Chicken
Giant breaded mozzarella sticks
See here how  food burn fat like you are a teenager?
How India Is Beating China At Its Own Game In Vaccine Diplomacy - NDTV
classic pizza with bacon
A healthy yet delicious dinner, who loves healthy eating? 😋👍
RuneScape-Inspired "Drunk Dragon" Cocktail
Canadian Angus Striploin , roasted Fingerling potatoes, sauted zucchini and a green salad.
Ethiopian Spread
Cottage Pie I made and ate this weekend.
Salted and Parmesan white and whole wheat pretzels
shakshuka
double fudge brownies
73.5lbs of BBQ Pulled Pork
Korean fried chicken wings 😍
Chicken Tinga
Spaghetti and Meatballs with Oven Roasted Vegetables
Pineapple fried rice with Chinese pork sausage
Shepherd's pie
Strawberry Cheesecake Bowl
Chorizo con papas.
Lu Rou Fan aka Taiwanese braised pork rice bowl
fried chicken, onion rings, and pickles
Butter chicken with Garlic naan
Mongolian Beef
Blueberry and cream cheese babka!
Black eyed peas and collard greens
New England Clambake
Bulgogi Pizza 🇰🇷🇮🇹
pizza- made from Puri bread, Canadian Hot Salami, mozzarella, and marinara sauce.
Burger and cesar salad. Tasty
cassler with mashed potatoes and beans
Rough ride for Indian stocks likely to continue even after Budget - Business Standard
My girl was not feeling well today and asked for tater tots. I didn't have any so I countered with fries, green chile, bacon bits and 5-cheese sauce
Ranch Wings and Hot Lemon Garlic Wings
English Breakfast
Ratatouille with Gruyere Cheese Toast
Chicken Parma
HOLEY DONUTS
Chocolate Spread Wrap
Milk Tea Hotpot
Barbecue jackfruit tacos!
LEGO Among Us #2: What If they become MONSTERS for FOOD - How Cook ASMR ...
I made cookies with royal icing. Not perfect but still cute.
turkey, bacon &amp; pepper jack on sourdough
Leftover Turkey Curry
Butterscotch Cake
sous vide NY strip
Just a simple chocolate cake 😊
breakfast sandie
Smoked Turkey
Tumeric rice pilaf,roasted drumsticks and garlic butter potatoes
Spaghetti Carbonara and Butternut Squash Soup
Hands down the best and creamiest carbonara I’ve ever made.
Asian-inspired turkey meatballs and zucchini noodles
Mexican chicken soup
Fried Chicken on Toasted Brioche Buns
Easy White Sauce Pasta Recipe | Pasta in White Sauce | Homemade White Sauce Pasta
Fried Chicken and starter Mac and Cheese
Steak and Bruschetta
Tonight’s dinner was onion rings and chicken sandwiches.
Flat Iron Tacos Asada
Sous vide chicken over steamed rice and brocolli. Beautiful and Healthy.
Dark Chocolate Chocolate Chip Cookies
Cast Iron Burger with Air Fried Homefries
Murgh Masala
Uzbek plov
Buffalo Truffle chicken sub w/ caramelized onions and hot cheese.
Orzo with Parmesan, Arugula, Basil and Toasted Pine Nuts
Stunning Health Benefits of Eating Chocolates ""
monkey bread
What do chestnuts taste like to you? My bf says they taste like lobster!
Premium Hеаlthу Meal Plans Fоr Kids A hеаlthу Meal Plans fоr kіdѕ is hіghlу аdvіѕеd thеѕе days аѕ the сhіldhооd оbеѕіtу сrіѕіѕ іn the соuntrу continue tо escalate to аlаrmіng levels. This іѕ something thаt раrеntѕ should nоt tаkе fоr grаntеd.
Nokia 1.4 in the works, key features revealed in new leak - HT Tech
Blueberry and apple muffins.
Garlic Pesto Bread
Gnocchi with sausages, beans and corn in spiced tomato sauce
Carrot cake with cream cheese frosting :)
Pork Belly Tacos
lemon &amp; paprika smoked Basa fillet with spring onion &amp; garlic rice.
Italian Margherita pizza
Khatchapuri
Pasta salad
Fried Lobster!
lemongrass honey chicken
Cheese Egg Roll
I made a keto-friendly pizza!
chocolate cake with brown sugar frosting.
Gochujong BBQ Chicken Sandwich on a brioche bun, wings, and asian salad
2 years of dating, almost all my knowlesge in sushi. Amateur, from Brazilll
sourdough grilled cheese sandwich
delicious pho
Apple Cinnamon Oatmeal Bites Recipe
Korean braised oxtail with steamed baby Bok Choy
San Sebastian cake 🍰
Chicken Rice Noodles
Vegetables with sesame sauce.
Chocolate ganache and dulce de leche tart, presented in the best way
Kanye West Lashes Out On Chance The Rapper In New Viral Video (WATCH) | WiLD 94.9 | Angelina - iHeartRadio
Goose Confit and Sous Vide
Leftover Cacio E Pepe for Breakfast
해장국 (Haejang-guk) Korean Hangover Soup
Detroit-style Pepperoni Pizza
Garlic pasta with balsamic vinegar salad
Jerk Chicken with creamy cucumber salad and zucchini.
Tổng hợp #10 mẫu chai nhựa đẹp được các cửa hàng đồ uống tin dùng
Zabuton with bruschetta, and lobster Mac.
shrimp boil
birria tacos
Crunchy chocolate Hazelnut Meringue Cake
accidentally picturesque berry galore
Saffron Paneer
Shells and cheese with bacon
Beef and Bok Choy
bouillabaisse with garlic mash and rouille
Mini tacos
my grandmother's cooking. A combination of rice, Mac and cheese, salmon, cranberry, and bread with butter
Caramelized Onions
i’d say it turned out fairly well
Bacon wrapped jalapeños and chicken thighs on the grill today.
Pumpkin Spice Mortadella
Chicago-style pizza!
Meatloaf on homemade bread.
Air fried potato chunks drowned in brown gravy with parmesan cheese shaken on top
Chicken vegetable soup with homemade drop noodles
Yes it looks better on a lower shelf
Veggie italian style thing haha
😋 Berry Watermelon Fruit Salad &amp; The End of Summer - Fork Knife Swoon
meatballs and sauce, store bought pasta and garlic bread. That will be my next adventure!
Hokkaido uni with black truffle on a toasted brioche
Roasted and Candied Winter Squash Seeds
BBQ Chicken Wings
NY Strip with Blistered Campari Tomatoes
Pork and baby bok choy in an oyster pan sauce
Shrimp Tubetti
Saag Paneer
Swedish Sandwich cake
Pesto alla Genovese
Bone In Ribeye and Brown Butter
With food insecurity rising among students, colleges step in - The Columbus Dispatch
Torta de frijoles charro with a tomatillo salsa
tangzhong challah
Heart Shaped Macarons for Valentines Day
Hopping’ John Stuffing
beriani home it with my parents
Comfort food - Chicken Fried Steak w/gravy, Steamed Green Beans, and a Okinawan Sweet Potato mash.
tuille cookie with raspberry and mango coulis, chocolate ice cream and whipped cream.
Smoked Maple Ham
Basil pesto cauliflower “risotto” topped with garlic shrimp and shredded parmesan.
shrimp and Chinese sausage claypot rice
Sausage and Pepperoni Pizza
10,000 Pound Food Giveaway Today At Carver Park In Cantonment - NorthEscambia.com
Mango Mochi Ice Cream
currywurst with salt and pepper fries
cast iron Filet and Scallops
Garlic bread and White sauce pasta with sausage and spinach
Hawaiian plate lunch
Fried tomatoes with balsamic vinegar.
Smoked salmon
Korean Pizza. Half sweet potato, half bulgogi, with a cream cheese crust!
Meat with plums on the Moroccan way
a fancy donut.
lemon cake
Miso Butter Glazed Steak Tips w Furikake Sprinkle
Butter fried sole fillets topped with avocado salsa with a side of baked Parmesan asparagus
Turkish bread roll with potato filling
Air Fried Pork Belly with Cucumber Salad
Tomato corn chowder with a ham and chedder cheese quesadilla and habinaro mayo
Spicy Pork Ramen
Chicken Internet
Kale Caesar salad with crispy pepper onions
Chicken has been in fridge for two weeks and sell by date passed 3 weeks ago has it gone bad i noticed alot of excess juices
Paris–Brest filled with praline crème mousseline.
Japanese curry with potatoes, okra, mushrooms and chicken
Chicken Paella
What do you want to eat most now?
Pork broth ramen with chashu, oyster shrooms, seasoned egg and roasted tomato
Bi colour Croissant layers
Chicken chile verde
Greek lemon potatos/feta lemon turkey balls/Greek salad

Wiener Schnitzel mit Bratkartoffeln.
rainbow chicken
Xmas Couronne. Not 100% pleased with it but totally out of my wheelhouse.
Dark chocolate and cacao nib biko
Bento with tamagoyaki, musubi, bao, and sides
Lamb shawarma in a fresh pita
45 Day Dry Aged Tomahawks
Pasta with tomato sauce
Delicious pizza
Mashed potatoes, corn and onions, carrots and garlic, BBQ chicken thighs.
chicken fettuccine alfredo
Christmas Cookies
Oreo Biscuit Dora Cake 4 Ingredients - Oreo Dorayaki Cakes Recipe
How To Prioritizing Carbohydrates The Right Way In Your Diet When we think about eating healthy, people think that 'Carbs' is a dirty word and won't eat them at all. But it is a little bit more involved than that.
Smores shakes
Grilled Ham and Cheese
Most Satisfying Cookies Decorating Ideas | Cute Birthday Cookies Ideas | So Yummy Cookies Recipes
Sloppy Joe on Toasted Brioche Buns with Potato Chips
Burnt aubergine veggie chili w/ sour cream, fresh cilantro and a side of fire-toasted tortillas
New York style Cheesecake
pizza with homegrown sweet pepper, mushrooms, and pepperoni
- Brioche buns (Joshua Weissman)
Chicago style deep dish.
蜜汁蒜香骨 Honey Garlic Spareribs
Standing rib roast
Seafood Paella
Burgers and Fries
BBQ Brisket, Mac n Cheese, Homemade Pickles
Crispy Pork Belly with Stir Fry Veggies and Chipotle Almond Gravy
Cheeseburger with waffle fries
Cheeseburger.
chicken piccata with tagliatelle
Glazed Lambrips with Red Lentil Mint Salad
Chocolate Eclairs
Chicken Cordon Bleu Casserole
Ginger-lemon and Rose hip jelly drops
Jjapaguri
- Reshmi Chicken Masala By Aapka Chef
Mousse Entremet
Chili Cheese Tots
As a Night shift worker you miss lunch and dinner even breakfast sometimes. Here is my 3am one day off meal.
Baked Alaska
I  fried fish I caught!
Focaccia Sandwich
Hmong-Style Stuffed Chicken Wings
VEGAN CARROT CAKE WITH ONLY 4 INGREDIENTS
Mango and blueberry macaroons with chocolate berry baskets
Smoked ribs and wings. Brown sugar, chili powder, and cumin
Brioche French Toast
Apple Cinnamon Pancakes. 70% made by my 7yr nephew I've been teaching.
lasagna! (My roommate made it)
jalapeño cheddar burgers with all the toppings and rosemary Parmesan fries
General Tso's Chicken!
lamb chops and asparagus
Huevos Rancheros Verdes
Bourbon Applesauce/Pepita/Cranberry Granola (Infused with CBD Critial Mass)
Haven’t used an outdoor wood stove before. I could have done better but the flavor was there.
Easy Rava Sweet Recipe బొంబాయిరవ్వ తో నోట్లోవేయగానే కరిగిపోయే సాఫ్ట్ &amp; టేస్టీ స్వీట్ రెసిపీ
Butternut Squash Ravioli with shrimps
Chicken Parmigiana
Monet moments in my kitchen. Yellow cake with Italian Meringue buttercream.
Mushroom cream soup, spaghetti squash alfredo.
pasta w marinara sauce
These recipes will take you around the world!
German Pancake
Chocolate and peanut butter chip cookies.
charCUTErie featuring a school snack craft. (Honored he brought it back...no desire to eat it.)
Sunday brekafst scenes 😍
bacon Mac and cheese from last night! I used extra sharp white cheddar, fontina, Swiss gruyère, parmesan and this merlot cheese from Costco!
Everything Bagels.
Chinese Chicken Thighs
Consomme Lafayette with chow chow
I had left over Butter Chicken but no rice or naan, wholemeal toast with garlic butter to the rescue.
Young Girl Smashes “Man-Made” Sexism In Viral Video - SheThePeople
Chicken cheese steak with sauteed peppers and onions and pickled jalapeno rings
Spinach tortellini with pesto and cheesy garlic bread
Chicken Pitas!
buttermilk marinated turkey, mashed potatoes w/ crunchy topping, sweet potato casserole, stuffing, creamed corn casserole, Mac &amp; cheese, green beans, gravy &amp; cranberry sauce!
Lomo Saltado. This was the meal I had in Peru four years ago. I was in Peru again for 20 minutes tonight. Before anyone comments, yes I know this meal is traditionally made with rice but subbed for asparagus because I felt like it.
fixings for avocado toast.
THAI RED CURRY
20lb Pork Shoulder Slow Roast
Donuts de yogur
Chowder
Green Pea Falafel on Couscous, with Red Kale Salad, Feta, and freshly made Turkish Flatbread
Party size pizza
Budae Jjigae, aka Army Stew!
pumpkin bread
Saffron Buns
Blood orange olive oil cake for my beloved’s birthday in bad lighting...
Eggs Benedict with peameal bacon on potato latkes
BUFFALO CHICKEN DIP BREAD BOWL! - Unemployed chef sharing some GREAT Superbowl recipes.
Skillet Frittata
Bacon and Tomato pasta
chili con Carne
Steak with Chimichuri
Self made white bread with eggs
Cheesy lasagna with Bechamel
Crispy baked chicken breast and mushroom gravy with Mashed Potatoes and beets
Chicken Shawarma with Turkish-style bulgur wheat, couscous, roasted veggies and chilli and garlic sauce.
Thai Shrimp Fried Rice....homemade
How To Make  Vegan Sweetened Condensed Milk! (+Fudge!!)
Koshary
Chicken Haleem Recipe | Easy Breakfast Recipe
noodles. Delish!
Dark Chocolate &amp; Raspberry Truffles
Granola oats w yoghurt, toast w strawberry jam and butter, and coffee
Signal's Twitter strikes a chord with Gen Z and Millennials - Economic Times
An amazing burger at a burger&amp;beer place in Brazil last year
🍕
Bologna Burnt Ends
Fresh Kielbasa and Farmer's Cheese/Potato Pierogis.
Pineapple Upside down cake.
Garlic Parmesan Garlic and Classic Buffalo Chicken Wings
Snook &amp; squid sushi
green bean casserole ready to go in the oven
Gumbo: Shrimp/Crab/sausage/chicken/ pork,chicken,beef,HM stock.
Gnocchi and Mushrooms
gluten free burgers with home grown lettuce
Bacon, spinach, cheddar and tomato quiche
Spicy, Cheesy, Beef Taco Casserole
Mum's  pork and cabbage baozi
Cast iron paella
chicken soup as I’ve been feeling under the weather lately
Green onion pancake platter
Beef shortrib rissoto.
wholemeal multigrain rotis
Beetroot carpaccio and seabass with parsnips
A cookie
walnuts and raisins homemade sweet bread (Romania chec).
SARMA
vanilla latte
Inside Out Omelette (made at work a while back)
Leak and Butternut Squash soup with a garlic butter crouton
Chocolate Silk Pie
Butter baked chicken and potato marinated with an assortment of herbs.
Flash fried Salt, Pepper and Garlic Wings
Fruit Cake
Croissant, homemade turkey roulade, Swiss, Mayo, lettuce, tomato. Perfect.
Sesame Chicken.
toffee oat crumble on raspberry sorbet
Roast Turkey breast with sauteed brocolli, garlic &amp; mushroom, baked carrots, potato, garlic cloves and onion. Finished with pan made gravy.
Layered vanilla cake with raspberry Creme Patissiere and butter frosting decorated with fresh and dried berries, blossoms and spun sugar caramel.
Picanha
Sweet and Savoury Snack Board
maple candied pecan scones
Pepperoni, jalapeño and hardboiled egg pizza
Mexican Corn (Esquites) with Cilantro and Cotija
Couple Goes Skiing In Saree And Dhoti. Watch Viral Video - NDTV
Mixed pork box
Cheeseburger with Bacon, Lettuce and Tomato, topped with Caramelized Onions
buttermilk brined fried chicken tenders and tater tots
Chicken fried steak
Grated potato ball stuffed with spinach hummus, grated cheese and tomatoes
chocolate raspberry cake
St. Louis ribs with homemade Texas barbecue sauce
Roasted Mushrooms Over Polenta
Baked Pasta Bolognese
Snails which is a dish we Moroccans tend to have with spices in winter to stay warm
How to make 30 Layers of Crepes with Feta Cheese
mini bagels
My christmas chicken
Chinese New Year’s Eve Feast!
Dutch oven no-knead bread
Pipis in a white wine, garlic, ginger and cream sauce with parsley and mild chillis
How to make Cheesecake Recipe at home New Yummy Cookies
red velvet pancake stack
Stout Braised Short Ribs with White Cheddar Garlic Mash
24K Wings
iced matcha latte this morning
Homemade Instant Ramen
Tortillas de harina hechas a mano  Vegetarian Chowmein Noodles
Shaker Meyer lemon pie with lemons off my tree.
Honey Glazed Pork Chops
Tacos de biria
Tofu stir fry, peanut sauce, and glass noodles.
Baked Salmon, Butternut Squash, &amp; Broccoli
Prime NY Strip with brandy peppercorn pan sauce
chicken orzo soup with lemon, ciabatta on the side.
Hand tossed pepperoni pizza
PULLED PORK BAKED BEANS COLESLAW FRIES
pork chops
a charcuterie spread!
spiral cut hot dogs and smash burgers
kabobs and shirazi salad.
Deep dish pizza with fresh mozzarella, pepperoni, and grated Parmesan.
Mushroom/Sausage biscuit &amp; gravy, with twice cooked potatoes, scrambled eggs and sausage!
After 5 years and thousands of dollars on uber eats I'm back to cooking on my own. Not what you typically see on here but I'm just getting started..
Which are your favorite Tacos?
‘ Beef and Bison smash burger
Cheesy Prosciutto wrapped chicken parm over spaghetti
Hobbit Day Feast Part 3: Elevensies - apple tart, berry tarts, cheese plate (brie, Havarti, Irish cheddar, manchego, goat, deli meats, crackers, dried fruits/nuts)
Carpaccio
Baked camembert
Chicken and Andouille Gumbo
Egg sandwich with spinach, sun-dried tomatoes, feta, giardeneria, and pesto on an English muffin!
Chocolate chip cookie buttercream sandwiches
Almost vegan burger (used real cheese, sorry vegans😭🙏🏼), with oven potatoes and vegan zaziki. And a carrot - apple salad with corn.
Lemon Butter Scallops
Typical Panamanian breakfast
Seafood Boil and Seared Scallops
Vietnamese banh mi sandwich
fishcake with schezuan peppercorn and coconut oil
Cowboy steak. Biggest I’ve ever prepared. 2.5lbs and 3in thick.
Molé Christmas!
Made this really cool “Flamin Hot Cheeto chicken sandwich, would love the support
Honey Sriracha Shrimp 🔥🍯 🍤
Apple and Raspberry Crostata
Apple pie.
Collard/kale combination cooked southern style with bacon
Asian-Style Pulled Pork, steamed Vegetables and Shredded Egg Rice Bowl
the best and worst pizza I’ve ever made
India vs England: Rohit Sharma defends Chepauk pitch, says every team has right to take home advantage - Times of India
Adobo Buns Using Leftover Lechon
Charcuterie Spread
Greek style baked gigante beans
Wanted a dog since I was 8, am 24 now, finally broke and said fuck it - meet Freyja!
Beyond Sausage, roasted red bell peppers, roasted broccoli with mayo and stone ground Dijon mustard on French bread
Korean Chicken 3 ways w/ apple kimchi coleslaw &amp; Thai Lime-Chilli dip
Apple butter crumble cake.
Domino's Vietnamese Pho Pizza  Tastes like the real Vietnamese Pho Soup!
Wagyu Beef Brisket
chicken parmesan samdwich
Pan-fried porkchops with gravy made from the fat over rice and steamed broccoli!
Chow Chow Poriyal
Porta bela mushroom snacks .
Mississippi pot roast
Copycat of Al Capone’s Walnut Sauce
My family and  All low carb , , homemade ,no sugar Thanksgiving for my diabetic hubby (turkey, green bean casserole with bacon, stuffing and butternut squash casserole)
Apple Crisp
How to Make Crepes with Nutella
Steak &amp; egg sammy w/ worcestershire mayo.
Sour Cream and Onion Pull Apart Pull Apart Rolls
Birria tacos with broth
Waffle Iron Hashbrowns
Stuffed Zucchini and Eggplant Made the Traditional way
pancakes with homemade berry syrup
Broccoli Cornbread
shrimp egg foo yung
Blueberry waffles
Cajun Chicken and Sausage Alfredo
An Edible Terrarium
Pork chops, smashed potatoes and mushroom sauce
I ate Roasted Vegetables So Good
Torta with turkey and provolone cheese
Peanut Butter Curry | Thai Peanut Curry
Green bean venison and peanut sautée with scallion rolls
Amber north indian restaurant in morrisville nc
Shrimp and sweet potato fritters
Spaghetti - pasta dough with grated carrots and kelp salt
Crispy Kreme Donut
butternut squash and sage risotto
Roasted Cornish Game Hen
Chicken Piccatta, Happy New Years everyone!
Single serve Quiche Lorraine
Jumbo Shrimp, Mussels &amp; Clams in a spicy garlic red wine and tomato broth Bravo
Giant, Fluffy, Earl Grey Pancakes
What do you guys think how could I improve?
Mince pies with festive spice pastry
whole tilapia, refried beans, Mexican rice, Brussel sprouts, plantains, and chips
3lb Tri Tip w/ PO-ta-tos! and banana for scale
4 LB Tomahawk Steak
leg of lamb recipe
Quiche with Garden Tomatoes and Sweet Peppers
I did this for school lunch tomorrow. Not that pretty but nice lines
Watercolour Pun Decorated Sugar Cookies
Birthday cake
Lentil stew
biscuit chicken pot pie
Cranberry Apple and Brie Bites
Duck legs confit and roasted Butternut with duck's fat and honey with a fine glass of 2018 Saint Véran white wine.
omelette(ish) with chicken-breast sausage
asian style chicken with broccoli
Birthday Banana Pudding because I don’t like cake
Goat Cheese, Ricotta, Mozzarella, Spinach, Onion and Garlic... enjoy 😉
Dropped eggs on wheat toast.
Fudge Brownies.
Filet and lobster
Chikki, one of my favorites for winter ❄️
Lavender-Orange Pound Cake
Night Snacks
Blackened salmon atop “Italian fried rice”
Dinner for two to start the year
Gravlax salmon
Pepperoni Basil Pizza
My best waffle yet at work! (Chocolate Deluxe)
Char-grilled Chicken Kebabs
Cambodian pepper beef (Lok Lak)
Strawberry, chocolate and vanilla milkshakes with waffle cone dipped in chocolate sprinkles and sweet whipped cream on top.
Marshmallow Pops
Apple strudel with phyllo braids and roses (not shown - homemade custard!)
Korean Beef Egg Rolls
Chickpea curry with potatoes also known as Aaloo Cholay
Turmeric everything and vanilla maple syrup cinnamon bagels
Key lime pie with homemade whipped cream
Ginger Molasses Cookies
Boba Soft Serve
a middle eastern inspired big breakfast
Vegetable Biryani with a goatcheese and pomegranate salad
Crème brulee, crème brulee, ooh lala
Potato &amp; cauliflower stew
- Detroit Style Pizza!
Nopales (Cactus) Elote 🌵🌽
Ratatouille From our Garden
garden grown kale and arugula, with tomatoes, avocado, soft boiled egg and seared tuna, in a honey and lime vinaigrette
Sous vide steaks Blow torched
Dry rub ribs, mashed potatoes and broccoli
Sous vide pork belly 2 ways: roasted and fried with a side of rice and quick pickle salad.
"a hungry man is an angry man" Buchi Emecheta
Cheeseburgers and Fries
Boca Burger &amp; Fries!
cheeseburger w/stuffed portobello and jalapeños
steak burrito for dinner
Beef and pork lasagna
Pierogis, braised cabbage, and rice.
a filet mignon
spelt pizza on cast iron pan
You guys like food, right?
Lockdown Pizza. The top is a thick crust with sausage, bacon and mushroom. Lower is a thin crust with minced mutton and rosemary. Stay safe 🙂
Cheesy Kimchi Bulgogi Quesadillas
Another Chicken Parm
Beef tacos
White chocolate macadamia and cashew-almond Marjolaine cakes.
Pork chops
carrot and orange sorbet over praliné and mint syrup
Mandu (Korean dumplings)
crab and avocado duet
Rasberry cake
Paella Mixta
stone baked pizza
Pho
Burger with bacon and Cheddar cheese.
COCONUT LADDOOS - they are made with just four ingredients! Food color is optional..I just loved how they looked wintery and suit the coming weather..!
squid, cucumbers dipped with mam ruoc
Valentines surf and turf
Cake batter macarons!
Quesadilla de Asada de Harina (Roasted Beef Wheat Flour Quesadilla, with guacamole, spicy roasted salsa, spicy raw salsa “Pico de Gallo”, and tomato sauce “juguito de tomate”)
Lemon meringue pie for Thanksgiving and I hope you guys are having a great day
Double Smash Burger
red wine braised ox tail
Dough and sauce are mine
Beef bourguignon
Beef Barley Soup
Peanut butter and oat cookies
pumpkin pie truffles, flan, and chardonnay cream pie
khachapuri- Georgian cheese bread
I heard you guys like Chocolate Chip Cookies ❤️
: Teriyaki Chicken &amp; Oriental Slaw over Jasmine Rice.
Hot Honey Shrimp &amp; Pineapple Stir-Fry
Golden crumble plum tart
a box of artisanal chocolates
Free dive direct shot
Leftover Turkey and Gravy 3-tiered Sandwich
59% of workers who would benefit from a $15 minimum wage are women—here's how it would affect the pay gap - CNBC
Happy Diwali 🪔
Fried pork chops and eggs
Gingerbread house
Fried ball tip steak finished in oven with herb butter
Spicy Tuna Bibimbap
Spagetti Bolognese
Dry white wine needed for shrimp and scallop lemon and garlic pasta recipe, should I use Champagne or Prosecco?
Eggplant lasagna with mixed greens and tomato salad.
Simple cookies with chocolate
Chipotle turkey chili
Peanut Butter Chex Bars
Today is World Food Day... So i think it is interesting to know something new about foods. I found this video on YouTube...These facts are shocking...🤣
smoked pork tenderloin slider with melted six cheeses on a pretzel bun with garlic aioli
My take on Zuppa Toscana
fried thinly sliced pork chops, salad, fried rice with eggs
full breakfast today
bacon cheeseburger egg rolls with a homemade burger sauce to go with it.
Ginger sesame chicken meatballs -
Alsace Tarte flambée extra crispy
Cheesy Bacon Egg Cup
cheesecake
Steak with Wasabi Cream Sauce, Fried Potatoes and Onion Rings
Serviceberry and poppyseed bagel
Hummus
Dorie Greenspan’s world peace cookies
I made Lomo Saltado. Much better than my last attempt
"Oliebollen"
Apple pie with egg wash painted leaves. Adds a pop of color to a pie crust!
chicken gnocchi soup
Yang Zhou style fried rice with homemade char siu
Fusilli with lamb, tomatoes and rocket
Fireplace Garlic Bread, with a pinch of ash.
Assorted Tempura Rice Bowl
Apple crumble pie with pecans
Greek salad
Pumpkin cheesecake
Chicken Parm.
Malted brownies with toasted walnuts
apartment “garden” harvest Caprese
Ham and Bean soup with cornbread topped with Pork Belly Cracklings.
Shake Shack Burger
Jalapeño Popper Egg Rolls
Pan Bagnat
Pork Sausage Patty Melt with Beef Bacon
Sicilian brioche buns
Donuts for breakfast!
My second attempt at  high hydration pizza. This one came out way better. Made in a regular oven turned all the way up and finished off with the broiler! I learnt my lesson and add the cheese halfway through so it doesn’t split
Indonesian Pork Satay and Gado-gado
Mini S'more Pop
Leftover Ground Pork - Breakfast Sausage
Gluten free homemade bread, chestnut season 🌌🐿
Shrimp and chicken stir fry, with ice cold well water.
Grandma Pie
jaffa cake
Espresso panna cotta with cinnamon hazelnut brittle.
My enflamed butthole
Cabbage rolls are seriously underrated
Gingerbread scene
White chocolate and raspberry cheesecake
Vanilla curd cheese pancakes with fresh whipped cream.
creme brûlée donut
Moqueca - Brazilian seafood stew in coconut milk
Pork and Bean Fried Rice
Duck Liver Pate
salmon/prawn/pepper/cucumber sushi + Onigiri
(Homemade) wifey made cast iron, AAA top sirloin with garlic and thyme for my birthday
Salmon-Wasabi-Tartare with chili-lemon Ponzu
Harumaki (curry flavor and immitation crab)
This dank ass charcuterie board
Cub Scout Popcorn
Chickpea &amp; White Wine Pasta
"Gazllionaire'$ gumbo": Louisiana-style roux, with jumbo lump crab, U-10 scallops, crab legs, chicken, spicy andouille sausage and jumbo shrimp w/ a cajun lobster tail
Szechuan spicy noodle soup
Turkey sandwich with stuffing, cranberry sauce and Swiss cheese
strawberry banana smoothie
Challah French Toast w/Dark Chocolate Drizzle
Yves - Julien Cossin on Twitter
smoked venison and lemon chicken, artichoke and spinach artichoke manicotti featuring a blood orange Moscow mule!
Xiao Long Bao, Siu Mai, BBQ Pork Bao, and Xi’an Dumplings
fried egg, cheese &amp; bacon on Asiago bagel.
chili soup since it dipped before 70° in LA today... best it’s ever turned out!
R/jollof, jollof enthusiasts welcome
Baked stuffed pumpkin filled with bread, veggie apple sausage, cheeses, cream, butter and a plethora of herbs.
Brown butter chocolate chip cookie
Colorful Burger
https://www.facebook.com/CuisineChefRecipe/
Cheese Steam Cakes
CheeseBurgers
Cuatro Amigos Tacos
Babe Pizza
Gnocchi with pistachio pesto and crispy mortadella
Dutch Apple Pie
Norcal Style! 🍺+🧄 🧀 🍗=🤤🔥 #wings #corona
Grilled Cornish Game Hen and spuds
Smoked Cheddar, Blue Cheese, Mozz, Parmesan Pizza
Homemade Poutine &amp; Gravy
Arrabbiata Penne Pasta 🍝 !! Italian food!! #ItalianFood
Veggie Pizza
potato latkes for supper tonight with scrambled eggs.
Ossobuco with risotto
BEST SWEET SHOP IN INDIA
Raisin Challah French Toast
Shrimp tacos simple but delicious if I may say so.
All your pizzas inspired me, Saturday night pizza
Beek Tomahawk
made banoffee

accidentally vegan tacos w/ chipotle roasted romaneso, pickles and almond crema
Sauce - Deglazed chicken pan with balsamic vinegar, butter, and cream.
Almond and poppy seed bundt cake topped with dark chocolate
Sugar Decorations for Desserts!
pork and cabbage dumplings!
Norwegian Cinnamon Lefse.
Paella 🥘
profiteroles
Milk Bread
Khachapuri - aka Georgian Cheese Bread.
Bacon wrapped chicken tenders
Aparajita, Shankupushpam or Butterfly Pea Flower Tea
Thánh Nấu Ăn chế biến Quái Vật Siren Head thành HAMBURGER - Stop Motion ...
Honey Smoked Turkey Breasts
spam and eggs with rice
pumpkin cinnamon roll
Cheese aperitif platters
Christmas Cookies!
pan-seared Salmon with shallot and garlic, zucchini sautéed with garlic and Parmesan, and garlic bread
Roast Pork Carvery with gravy and veggies
Salted caramel birthday cake 🎂
ricotta and almonds pie
#1 dinner of 2021. (homemade charcuterie board) Hope 2021 is better for all!
Red Coconut Chicken Curry
Bourbon, Cherry, Vanilla and Tasmanian Pepperberry Eye Scream in a Homemade Waffle Cone with Homemade Jellied Eye.
Pan Charred Ginger-Garlic Marinated Chicken Thighs
Texas style rubbed beef brisket
A cake biscuit with red currant jam. Ice cream on top.
Roasted pumpkin seeds.
Chicken &amp; Dumplings with Habanero Relish
I just finished brining a beef brisket for 10 days for corned beef! It turned out pretty good
Nutella mousse with a Nutella heart.
Foods, Tastes Change Because of the Coronavirus Crisis - VOA Learning English
Cracker barrel Macaroni 😋
Churrasco chimichurri flank steak / smashed garlic red potatoes and spring mix with homemade honey Dijon dressing
sausage potatoes and onions one of the most simple dishes but the tastiest
Butter Chicken w basmati rice, cashews and cilantro.
A Biscoff Stuffed Chocolate Crepe
tostilocos
Duck breast prosciutto
Brisket Hamburgers
Braised Short Rib Egg Noodle Soup with Roasted Marrow and Garlic Rice
Teriyaki chicken with white rice and yum yum sauce.
Sesame Bagels
Fennel risotto and beef
Russian Borscht
Matcha ice cream
Viral video shows man stop in outside lane of M1 for a wee - The Scottish Sun
Steak, Salad and Scalloped Potatoes
spicy hash and fried eggs
Turkey and Havarti
Aussie meat pie
Restaurant-Style Matar Paneer
Pecan pie, pumpkin pie, and chocolate peanut butter tarts
Mortar &amp; Pesto Basil Pesto Pasta
Pizza w/ Bacon and Veggies
Chorizo stuffing stuffed Cornish hens and roast veggies
Irish Cream Liqueur
Strength or Helplessness? Viral video of man carrying motorcycle up a bus leaves netizens divided  - Times Now
I'm a beginner in terms of cooking, but here is my attempt at making calzione for my family and guests :D
Texas Roadhouse dupe rolls w/ butter
Beetroot Kesari.
bbq’d oysters
Pepperoni, Sausage, and Mushroom pizza
Shrimp Pad Thai
AMONG US - Fruit Stop motion Version Seri - Chap 1
Gobi Manchurian (Indian-Chinese dish)
Cuisine facile de Betty
BBQ Rocky Mountain oysters
Banana pancakes with real maple syrup and local sausages
I made vegetarian ragu bolognese for my vegetarian gf using the same method as traditional bolognese. It came out amazing - so insanely meaty that I couldn't tell it apart from the real thing. Recipe in the comments!
Mocha latte
air fried yuca
new 2021 method hml 10
Naturally pink Ruby chocolate bonbons
Thanksgiving dinner  includes; chicken, potatoes, green been casserole, salad, corn, gravy, rolls, and charcuterie board.
Run of the Mill Sticky Pork Belly
Shuba with smoked salmon ( Eastern Europe dish )
California Chicken (pork tenderloin wrapped in chicken breast) crispy roasted potatoes, steamed broccoli and honey garlic carrots
this delicious Pizza.
Easy breakfast bowl- avocado egg and Spanish rice!
I made a cheesecake!
miso salmon and japchae with mushrooms and broccolini
A Cheeseburger
Lamb shanks smoked for 9 hours, happy Valentines Day!
Grilled Ham &amp; Cheese Bagel Sandwich
Traditional yummy Nabe.
Couple Holiday plates, random VIP Amuse, Tasting menu Items, as well as a couple menu Items.
breaded lamb chops.
holiday cookies
Just steak for dinner
Copycat Levain Cookies
Korean-style Beef Stir-fry
Mango Kulfi
Pan seared Mackerel fillet
Herb-marinated air fried chicken thighs over a bed of tricolor couscous with a side of lemon basil slaw made with kale, carrot, Brussel sprouts and kohlrabi.
steak, chips and vegetables
Fried Chicken Sandwiches
Double mango cheeseburger
Lemon Cheesecake
Healthy Italian Stuffed Zucchini
Christmas Popovers!
How to make Tandoori Chicken at home without Oven
korean bbq with short rib
Bbq baked beans, sweet potato and apple latke, bbq rubbed pork loin topped with homemade cherry bbq sauce.
Pork Pie
Pesto Caprese Skewers
Ribeye steak with broccolini and tomatoe cucumber and basil salad.
100% sourdough French toast w/whipping cream and strawberries. Sausage/bacon/grapes.
Bacon wrapped scallops with garlic Aioli
Empanadas
Shish Kebab
Tandoori cod, saffron potatoes, pak choy, scallions
tortellini in brodo
Chicken wings two ways. Buffalo and Garlic Parm.
Why isn't the pre-carved method more widely used on thanksgiving day given it's significant advantages?
afternoon tea
Argentine beef 1.5lb each...
Dosa + Chicken Vindaloo
fudgy brownie
Chocolate toffee cookie
aloo katli Quick Aloo Ki Katli
Beef/Seafood Balls Noodle Soup
italian caviar and salmon roe on crackers with homenade creme fraiche
Meat
Shrimp Tacos, Beans and Rice
Japanese Tonkatsu and Curry with Shredded Cabbage
a porterhouse steak at Peter Luger
Ossobucco alla milanese with risotto giallo and bone marrow 🤤. Recipe from my gf’s nonna!
Gâteau d'anniversaire FZ FOOD كيكة عيد الميلاد
Slow Cooked Roast Chicken
German Rye Loaf
gnocchi
Dry brined spatchcock turkey
starting the new year out with a porchetta
DIY Breakfast Sandwich, Porridge, Grapefruit-Soju Mimosas
bean and potato chili
Loaf of bread
the reddit pretzel
pretzel dogs with turkey hot dogs and pretzel bites. Topped with cheddar and jalapeños. Made using Alton Brown’s pretzel recipe. 10/10. So good.
Garlic butter pasta with prawns.
Domino’s classic hot Buffalo specialty chicken
Herbicide Rapeseed 2020
Double cheeseburger on toast
Denny's $100 Gift Card
**** 🐖🐖🐖sandwich: pork belly, ham, and pulled pork topped w jalapeños, pineapple &amp; slaw.
pasta!
Bolas de Berlim e café
Downtown staple Hannah's tapped local food before it became trendy - Denton Record Chronicle
Chicken Suprême W/ Roasted Root Veg
Gin And Tonics
My local grocery store had a sale. Pineapples for 77c and strawberries for 99c. I’m going back on Sunday for more.
PocketStars
Pickle Soup
this ice cream
Chicken Paws Dim Sum.
Smoked eel, apples, focaccia... and Calvados
pan seared veal chops w/ steak spiced butter and asparagus accompanied w/ sautéed Atlantic sea scallops, Jumbo King Crab and Caribbean lobster tail.
sea bass
Homemade blueberry pie chicken and prawn pot stickers
Kickin' it old school with rib eye beef Stroganoff over hot buttered noodles.
Cornish hens, baked mac and cheese, sausage and herb stuffing, spicy garlic green beans, sweet potato casserole, mashed potatoes, mushroom gravy, rolls
Cast-Iron Seafood Bisque
Giant Oreos
Kimchi toast with cilantro and chile crisp
Parmesan Herb Skillet Chicken
Tilapia over fettuccine with white wine sauce topped with Parmesan
A feast of crab and lobster stuffed shrooms, poached pear salad, rare steak, parmesan truffled baked oysters, charcuterie, and luck and money.
Taco Bell inspired Tacos
Mushroom Ramen with seaweed and Tofu
I keep on killing these packet veggie grills...  Timing is key with the steak.. and yes, I LOVE cracked pepper.
wagyu zabuton steaks in cast iron
Birria pizza
Pot Roast with Fries
Sancocho “Latin Soup”
Carne Asada Tacos with Pico, Avocado and Burnt Scallion Crema
Almond tuiles!
Chili sin carne
Mahira Khan recreates pawri ho rahi hai viral video - Geo News
Japchae
Double baked, three-cheese jumbo lump crab mac &amp; cheese
Crispy Calamari in New Bern, NC
Lobster Reuben
Chicken Teriyaki Donburi Bowl with Cabbage Slaw
New platform for detecting and monitoring SARS-CoV-2 antibody responses - News-Medical.Net
Made this buttercream cake to celebrate spring in Maryland!
blackberry lavender lemon rolls
Legend of Zelda sugar cookies
Spaghetti and Garlic Bread
Crispy Tuscan Style Chicken with bacon
Cripsy Paneer Kebabs....Please subscribe my youtube channel for Indo-Western recipes. Thank you www.youtube.com/channel/UCAn6O99hTlTgDfPOcBp4lzQ
Wild Garlic &amp; Nettle soup with fermented Wild Garlic Salt
Fry Up
Beet Gnocchi with butter sage, parsley and mint pesto, sunflower sprouts and parmigiano reggiano❤️
Bhaja Moong Dal Shobji diye | Bengali Moong Dal with cauliflowers Recipes
wish I was eating this squishy, splashy burger rn!!
Pasta alla Vongole
Fried Eggs &amp; Veggies
Ottoman Cuisine Forest Kebab
Bread Puddinh
blue tacos, chipotle roasted romanesco, pickles and almond crema
Seared flounder with brown butter, lemon, craters, and crab
Ras el hanout rubbed lamb chop with roasted eggplant and raisin bulgur
Sweet, Sticky, Spicy Braised homemade Tofu, a recipe that even tofu haters will love.
zucchini rose tart
Caught these puppies myself yesterday! (Broiled lobster)
Sadly my neighbor died, so I made the family a tray of one of my favorite  polish recipes. Here you go...Golabki (cabbage stuffed rolls) I just ate this one!
Crispy Edges N All 😋
Vegan Vanilla Cake with Strawberries
Gulasch alla Triestina with polenta
Egg on toast
Hickory smoked venison jerky
Smoked chorizo sausage stuffed jalapeño poppers.
Keto Chili Recipe
Ahi tuna w steak&amp;rice
Thanksgiving Brisket
Cake day Carrot cake with cream cheese frosting and walnuts.
Pan seared salmon with oven roasted red petite potatoes, and a power greens and variety tomatoes
buttermilk chicken burger
Korean BBQ chicken
Tataki
S’Mores Banana Bread
He ready pounce. He only weigh an ounce.
Seeded &amp; wrapped sourdough bread
Couscous with chicken!
Hackbraten Dinner @ https://germaniapok.com
The Perfect Homemade Apple Pie https://ift.tt/2KlM3xy
Fried chicken, mashed potatoes, and a biscuit while nervously waiting on a surgery to be done
Yorkshire Puddings
Meringue Swans
Extra large Margherita Pizza topped with Mozzarella cheese, fresh basil, spices and garlic sauce.
egg tarts
Quiche and Pumpkin pie
Lemon-Pepper Haddock with Crispy Carrot Skins, Sweet Potato, Blue Cheese, and Blackberries
Tex-mex tacos
Moroccan Tagine.
Red Velvet Brownies
Dole Whip
Some fresh Gnocchi and Pesto
Ladybug Brownies
Sausage gravy and biscuits
Young guns breakfast sandwich.
Mandu Jengoel
Harry Potter cake
https://ift.tt/3j1F6ib
Caramel Slices
Kabocha and Beef Stir-Fry
Miso Risotto + Sous Vide Salmon
Dairy-free pizza
Citrus and Rum Marinaded Pork Chop and Waffles with Rum, Cinnamon, and Nutmeg Apples Garnished with Bacon
Philly Cheese Steak &amp; Onion Rings
Cornish Game Hen Thanksgiving
Fruit custard
Hoisin Beef and Noodles with Carrots and Bok Choy
Khmer LokLak lettuce wraps with a little bit of lime juice and sambal.
Spatchcock turkey
Eggs, bacon &amp; toast
This breakfast burrito
Grilled lobster tail on my grill. Looks like it came out pretty good!?
Unagi Don
Beer-Battered Onion Rings
Leftover roast shoulder of lamb, kinda madras curry, topped with coriander, yoghurt, and crushed pistachios
Kimchi fried rice with a fried egg.
Açai bowl
ruby chocolate
Lobster with butter
croissant loaf.
Loose leaf Ceylon tea blended with bergamot, orange peel, and vanilla. (Not homemade leafs but I did brew it)
Teriyaki turkey over coconut rice
prime rib and roast/sautéed vegetables w/ garlic herb butter
"{Homemade}" salad rolls ""
A kitkat in Japan.
Okinawa taco rice
Tripple melt with ham.
This slice of pepperoni and chorizo pie
red lobster cheddar bay biscuits
Spit-roasted pork loin
Chicken Teriyaki
Eggs Benedict
Curry Rice with Ground Pork &amp; Roasted Bell Pepper Stir-fry in a Tomato Sauce
Vegetable Ramen
turkey club
Cannolis! Ordering Cannoli rods ASAP to make life easier next batch!
Goth Ice Cream! Black Licorice Flavour
smoked turkey, green bean casserole, butternut gratin, balsamic carrots, roasted cranberry almond brussel sprouts, cinnamon pumpkin cornbread, deviled eggs, pomegranate cranberry relish, turkey dripping gravy, mashed potatoes, cherry pie, pecan caramel cheesecake, wild rice stuffing
Brazilian pizza
confetti cupcakes with a swiss meringue buttercream to celebrate Joe Biden winning the US elction!
Roast Pork, Christmas Dinner
Steak Dinner
My  garden salsa &amp; pickle wall
Lu Rou Fan aka Taiwanese braised pork rice bowl
Baked Bourbon Salmon, Buttery Dill Salmon, Asparagus, White Rice. (Butter, fresh dillweed, fresh parsley, lemon, lemon salt, pepper, garlic powder, paprika.)
Sweet potato fries with lamb gravy, fried egg, and salad.
sourdough and maple French toast.
Pumpkin Spice Swiss Roll
New york strip steak!
White Chocolate Blondie Recipe • How To Make Blondies Recipe • Blondie Brownies • Cookie Bars
The Perfect Homemade Apple Pie https://ift.tt/3bObfbw
Teriyaki fried tofu with broccoli
Handmade, No-Machine Pasta (based on Cook's Illustrated recipe)!
Only picture I managed to take before they were eaten
Roast leg of lamb and rosemary potatoes.
Cinnamon rolls with cream cheese icing
Pretzels with obatzda
Lobster hot dog
Holiday treat box.
Spicy Orange Chicken &amp; Rice
Steak dinner for one &lt;3
My partner’s homemade brisket, homemade barbecue sauce and homemade potato salad from last night
Seabass and fries
Shrimp and Salmon Nigiri
smoked turkey thigh vermicelli bowl.
FIT BREAD MORE YUMMY AND FAST THAN YOU'VE EVER SEEN/ Fitness Food #01
Nutella french toast rollups, maple syrup and raspberries.
Fillet Shrimp Creamed Spinach
Lamb gyros plus grilled halloumi, chips and tzatziki
teriyaki/ chili flatirons with chowmein and veg
thandai! 😋
Proper Mississippi Fry Up - Easy up eggs, smoked bacon, hand cut hash browns, grits and toast with extra butter
Second Turkey Day
My mom made a beautiful charcuterie board
salmon with a white wine cream sauce.
kielbassa with kapusta, pigribs, horseradish and cheesebread
Mixed berry and cream cheese Kolaches
Sausage Kale Soup
McGriddle
Antiguan butter bread
Espresso crusted chuck eye
Organic tomato, cured Iberico chorizo &amp; mozzarella pizza
Taco peppers with homemade cheese dip.
Oreo Nutella Cheesecake
Double Bacon Cheeseburger, with red onion chutney &amp; jalapeños
Tiny Birthday Cake
Barbacoa Tacos
Deep Fried Cookie Dough
Egg fried rice with spinach, onions, and mushrooms.
Cheese plate for 1
Surf &amp; Turf Tacos with rice and beans
- A Delicious Sunday Barbeque
Salisbury Steak
Conches with Gorgonzola-Sauce, caramelized pear and Balsamico creme
Chocolate Babka
Vegetable Spring Rolls
Corn Dogs
Blueberry Lavender Creme Brûlée
Reverse Sear NY Strip
Burger bite N.Y. 🤤
AfricanFoods_Lead
Pooh's Biscuit Hunny Pot with Honey Panna Cotta Filling
Overnight Oats with Chai Spice Milk, Granola, Turmeric Honey and Cornflowers
Peruvian sea food: Ceviche and chicharrón de calamar
Chocolate Lava cake with a vanilla quenelle
Iherb discount coupon Copy the coupon CNO2398
Smashburger with grilled onions and runny egg
Wow, my insight of tofu
I‘m getting better at this I think
Chili rubbed pork loin with black lentil ragu and spicy habanero/poblano coulis
bbq tri-tip, jack cheese, roasted salsa, black beans and picked jalapeño nachos
chocolate fudge cake with toffee popcorn and toffee sauce (pt2)
Stir-fry Ramen with a fried egg and Spam
Three Cheese Pesto Pasta Bake with Sausage.
Zarda and palao the favourite dish of all punjabies.
Herb Crusted rack of lamb
pasta with steak
korean bbq duck wings with egg fried rice
Mushroom Creole over Cheese Grits
Wonton Soup
BBQ chicken lettuce wraps
- Duck Comfit
Shanghai Boy Choy
Chicken Cacciatore With Jasmine Rice (Chicken Thighs)
Nashville hot chicken biscuits
Beef Wellington Imperial and Lobster Scalloped Potatoes
Blackberry BBQ Beef Ribs
Red velvet cakesicles!
Carnitas breakfast tacos
Carolina Reaper Peach Jelly
Veal Milanese or Schnitzel
Smoked Salmon Salad
Just a breakfast toastie. Sausage, bacon, black pudding and beans! ❤️👌🏼
beef short ribs
polish style cucumber soup
India vs England Live Score, 2nd Test at Chennai, Day1: Rohit
I got a baby paprika/pepper, Can I eat this?
Shoyu Tonkotsu Ramen
chocolate chip cookie
Habanero peppers ready to be dried and turned into powder
BBQ pulled pork, Claire Saffitz’s loaded corn bread, and Tuscan chard
Dry-aged steak made made by @chef_admir on Instagram! (Go support his page)
Biscuit and raspberry jam
Christmas Starter - Smoked Salmon Parcels, Smoked Salmon and Prawns
caramel pecan cheesecake
fried shrimp tacos coming up
Baklava
Cơm tấm or broken rice with marinated pork and egg quiche
barbecue chicken salad
There’s one impasta among us. Sorry that was cheesy.
Peach and cinnamon jam!
PakChoi-Shrimp salad with cocktaildressing
Hearty Veggie chili in bread bowl
Brisket blend burger, old bay hollandaise with lobster claw and tail, microgreens, on a grilled Brioche.
Bacon Roasted Potatoes
Seared tuna rice bowl with jalapeño remoulade and lots of garnishes (including pork rinds)
Lemon Chicken.
sweet glass of Kinder shokobons and chocolate cake.
Beach bonfire sunset burgers!
steak rice paper burrito.
Lofthouse-Style Frosted Sugar Cookies
Reverse seared tomahawk steak, broiled lobster tail, scalloped potatoes, and bacon wrapped asparagus.
2 egg, 1 egg white omelette with bacon &amp; chives
Buffalo Chicken Wings (meat taken off bone) over a Pepperjack/Bacon Juicy Lucy (stuffed cheeseburger)
Sautéed shrimp with green onion and garlic
Crunchy Green Bean Casserole
chicken pot pie, biscuit style
Poppy bagel with two different types of salmon.
Caramel filled Coconut Chocolate Bars!
Fried Eggs Sunny Side Up
Donauwelle
Mission Fig &amp; Kalamata Olive Focaccia
Overnight French Toast Casserole
Pumpkin Pie with Pecans Drizzled in Maple Syrup
Pan-fried Potatoes
gluten free baked macaroni
part of over 3’ of Cuban Bread From The Best Bakery in Florida
Lobster Mac n Cheese &amp; Fried Shrimp
Sphagetti Carbonara
India vs England 3rd T20I: Virat Kohli Loses His Cool After Shardul Thakur's Lazy Fielding Effort. W.. - NDTV Sports
Breakfast after the gym, bacon, eggs, shredded roast chicken warmed in the skillet after the bacon.
Sheppard’s pie
Превращение персонажей истории игрушек в еду - Crazy Cooking ACMP cтоп м...
The breakfast of champions.
Papaya Pudding?! I guess so. It was very delicious!
Burrito with mac and cheese, garlic parm french fries, crispy onions, crispy chicken, and bbq sauce
apple pastry
lamb and lentil curry
steak taco. Guacamole. Pico de Gallo
Detroit-style Pizza: Pepperoni, Hawaiian, and BBQ Chicken
Seafood
milk payesh
Cashew Brittle
Goat trotters curry (Goat paya)
Almond pandan cookie cups with spiced quince jam
Pressure Cooked Meatloaf and Potatoes
Albóndigas
Monster donuts from Krispy Kreme
TURKEY ROULADE
Great British roast with all the trimmings
Red Velvet Unicorn Cupcakes
Sourdough pizza crust. Topped with black truffle, sautéed mushrooms, and mascarpone and mozzarella cheeses.
Candied Ube!
Sandhagam
Sesame salmon over spinach and chickpeas with garlic achaar
Garlic parmesan bread
salmon, nuoc cham, radish, butter lettuce
I make soup... this weekend is sour sauerkraut with fennel and pickled egg. Yummy
Bryndzové Halušky - potato dumplings, sheep cheese and bacon on top.
baked brisket
Coronavirus efficacy: What is human challenge trial to determine vaccine's efficacy in infected humans - Times of India
Breakfast Grazing Board
A burger with cheddar cheese, thick applewood bacon, fried chicken, onion, lettuce, spicy aioli and coleslaw
Chicken Dinner
Brick Panini from Magnolia Table Cookbook
Savoy babka with confit garlic butter , rosemary and thyme
Simple Chicken Curry
Ilish recipe bengali style | Bhapa Ilish | Steamed Hilsa fish recipe
Sous vide filet mignon, beef bourguignon gravy over red potato mash, honey roasted carrots, and garlic French bread
Christmas Nachos with Pepperjack and Pickled Jalapenos
A hearty halibut chowder
Shanghai Noodle Soup
Me and my dad made perogi-saurus's!
Korean Spicy Bulgogi and Seaweed soup with fermented squid, garlic chutes, and roasted seaweed
Crunchy porchetta. Approved by the kitchen janitor.
smoked filet and roasted asparagus
Mini Pizza's
Striped bass
Vanilla pannacotta with cinnamon crumble and apple compote, since I like to also make dietary food and I’m a diabetic, I replaced all sugar with sweetener so it’s just the natural sugars from the apples
Surf and Turf with chili/lime Brussels sprouts, side salad, and toasted French Bread.
Bacon Wrapped Pork Lion
Spring rolls
Guaya &amp; cream cheese Pastelitos are this Cuban American girl’s favorite! 😋🥰🇨🇺🇺🇸 You need Pastry dough, guava paste, cream cheese &amp; eggwash. Follow me on YouTube @LelitasKitchen for more recipes!
Teesside take out!
BREAKFAST RECIPES EASY COOKING
Vegan Green Papaya salad
Stocks to Watch: Future Retail, Tata Steel, InterGlobe Aviation, Bharti Airtel - Mint
Fried Burrata in Romesco Sauce
pizza with a terrible oven
dinosaur grilled ham &amp; cheese
Brownie Pizza
homemade meatballs on roasted Garlic rubbed loaf of white bread and topped with tons of shredded homemade mozzarella
Pide.
Stuffed squid.
Five spice chicken breast with gailan.
Chicago Deep Dish Pizza
Pumpkin Spice Cake with chai cream filling and honeycomb cream cheese.
Cajun fried rice with mirepoix, peas, and andouille sausage. Topped with Vietnamese hot sauce.
Tartelettes with custard and some caramelized apples
Cappuccino Forest Hill Chase | Best Cappuccino at The Chase 3131
Prince St. Pizza
Mini Chocolate Zucchini Muffins
chicken carbonara
Indian Style Vegetarian Thali
strawberry and cream cake
Juicy Roasted Chicken
Prime, grass fed short rib
My FAVORITE SODA EVER! Organic and tasty 😋 Oogave! Watermelon Cream
Brown sugar cranberry jam cookies.
Aspic plating design Cherry Blossom Bonsai. Made out of potato peel, rice, and hand cut blossoms out of radish.
Shepard’s Pie 🦶
Chocolate Ice Cream Waffle
I make shark soups very medical
Veal paupiette ramen
Pork Shoulder with Root Vegetables
grandma style “supreme” w sausage, shredded pepperoni and all the veggies.
Corn Poha
Ham and cheese frittata
peanut butter cookies
It is a duck in the sweetspot
beef stew
sesame chicken with white rice.
Chicken Karahi with Diaspo, very happy with how it came about. Kaukab was born and raised in Pakistan, and this is one of her family famous recipes!
Jiggly Fluffy Japanese Cheesecake (Japanese Soufflé Cheesecake)
Matar Paneer
Garlic Pepper Tofu
Roasted Salmon basted in garlic and honey sauce served with wild rice and sautéed mushrooms for my birthday.
NEED SUBSCRIBERS CHECK OUT MY NEW COOKING VIDEO AND SHOW SOME SUPPORT PLEASE!!!
Bún Bò Huế
Thick and Spicy Chili
Sour cherry slump
Poptarts with cheese
cheese and potato pierogi
roasted mushrooms with spinach, onion, red and white quinoa, with a white wine balsamic gastrique
Wintery Devil’s Food Cake with Buttercream Frosting
Strawberry mousse with chocolate rum truffle and raspberry jelly.
(homeunfrozen) Jalapeño + Cheese perogies
veggie sandwich with fetta cheese and sour cream with greek yogurt
Just finished my  science project - an edible example of a cell ( it doesn’t have every part because we could only put these things )
Cioppino with mussels, monk fish, halibut, and shrimp.
sweet orange and bacon cheddar scones.
Chicken, broccoli &amp; beetroot salad with avocado pesto.
When it comes to fresh fruit cake..Pineapple is the only choice which strikes up!!! Here it is with Gel Icing and Rose Piping Technique!! Link given below.
Chicken Nachos
bacon cheeseburger with fried banana and shishito peppers
farzaddashti85@gmail.com
Cinnamon Rolls with Nordic spice from the Skyrim cookbook
cheesy prosciutto chicken with grape tomato pan sauce
Burrito bowl
Chicken And Rice
lobster tail
Sweet &amp; sticky beef
Biden books first press conference after breaking 100-year record without one - New York Post
Pork I helped breed and raise, spaghetti sauce canned right from my garden, and home made spaghetti noodles. Doesn't look like much but a lot of effort went into this bowl.
Made devilish eggs w shrimp with a spinach artichoke hummus dip/salad. It was all aboutbthe fresh garlic and shallots :)
#PawriHoriHai influencer Dananeer Mobeen overwhelmed after video goes viral - Geo News
Crab Bisque
Chicken thigh and vegetable bake in a creamy mushroom sauce.
I made Chicken Curry and Rice
Cajun style shrimp and sausage alfredo.
Pavlova with blood orange curd infused whipped cream topped with Cara Cara and blood oranges
Almond crusted chicken with mashed potatoes and asparagus
homemade shokupan, PPBJ, if you know you know
Low Country Boil!
Gluten-Free Neapolitan-style Pizza
Red Chilakiles
can’t beat simplicity, chicken bbq mozarella pizza
these big boys
Anyone for some  fried chicken?
Spicy chicken sandwich
German Egg Noodles Cheese | Schwäbische Käsespätzle | Schwäbisch Cuisine
Portokalopita
General Tso Chicken w/ Pork Fried Rice
S&amp;P Pizza and Supreme
Crispy Double Fried Chicken Sandwich
Black pepper coated Brisket with Swiss cheese from a market in Devon UK.
Meatloaf - Halloween style
Jello sponge cake.
Mac &amp; Cheese w/parsley
Peanut butter pancakes
chocolate brownies
Smoked turkey
prime rib au jus with creamy mashed potatoes and balsamic vinegar glazed roasted Brussels sprouts
Smoked Salmon Parcels, Prawns &amp; Smoked Salmon
Beer batter chicken strips with Mac n cheese
My neighbors brought me authentic Indian food
perogies with onion and bacon
I made cherry smoked chicken stuffed with oranges and lemons
steak frites
I’d run out of eggs but still a good breakfast
nashville style hot chicken &amp; pimento mac and cheese
Scrambled Eggs and Avocado
Wonton noodles in bone broth with beef and marrow, softboiled egg, pork bun, and turnip cake, topped with oyster sauce, spicy chili, thai basil and swimming in fish sauce.
Herbed butter poached lobster with polenta, mushrooms and black truffle
Orange Cherry Tomato Bruschetta, with Hot Sopressa, Garlic &amp; Coriander
It's Diwali, and I'm confused which ‘one’ to buy.
King Crab bake with miso butter sauce
Smoked rib roast, gouda, brussel sprout and onion with horse raddish bbq sauce pizza
Grilled Confit Byaldi plated on a bed of couscous
Gorgonzola pizza
Baked rigatoni with sausage and meatballs
Spicy Rice puffs
Deer Chops, Baked Beans and Scrambled Eggs.
lemon ricotta sauce with spaghetti squash the other night! Turned out ~perfecto~ (recipe in comments)
carrot muffins with swiss meringue
ShakeShack Shack burger and Buns
white spelt dark rye sought
Sous Vide Creme Brulee
Dirt cake
Beef Burgundy with Amish Egg Noodles
Filet mignon, potatoes au gratin, roasted beets, red wine cremini sauce
Decided to hop on the bechamel lasagne train for valentines day.
Schweinebraten (pork shoulder roast with root vegetables)
Cinnamon buns
Chicken Biryani|Chicken Pulav|కోడి పులవ్ | చికెన్ బిర్యాని|Home Kitchen Holland|India
Healthy Anti-Aging Sweet Soup
German Bierocks
Chicken Hot Pot
Messer Wot (Ethiopian spiced lentils)
honey garlic back ribs, cheesey mashed potatoes, corn bread, cauliflower and salad.
peppers, onions, bacon, gruyere &amp; cheddar cheese omelette
Chocolate Peanut Butter Cheese Cake
filo beef wellington
Poutine (Fries, Turkey, Dressing, Cheese Curds, Gravy and Cranberries)
Strawberry banana brunch bruschetta with ricotta topped fruit toast, toasted almond flakes and chocolate salted caramel almond crumb.
Gingerbread Men (and babies)
My 5 meat chili cheeseburger, smothered in beer cheese.
"" Guys I made a blog IG page, still kinda new but it will be cool I promise! Follow me on delish.overdose. It will mean a lot to me if you check it out, thanks !! :)
cake bombs in pumpkin and spice cream with candied pecans and spiced apple with cinnamon browned butter buttercream and candied walnuts.
a marron glacé parfait
General Tso's chicken
Snickers Brownies
young guns wings.
dim sum
Meat and artichoke Lasagnas
red onion jam with coconutsugar, aceto balsamico, olive oil, corn starch, laurel, cinnamon, thymes, halit salt, long pepper
the perfect onion
Assorted Doughnuts and Mini Apple Pies.
chili and cheddar
I made lovely homemade Borsh and my family really enjoy this recipe, hope you will too.
Spicy Snapper Filet
Gouda cheese burger with brioche bun that I made
Spinach and Sausage Lasagna
Tried making crisps.
pancakes. Never tried before. We’re delicious.
How to health sweet food happy birth day sweet Kaka Candi sweet
Christmas Eve Spread!
Happy new year to all!
chicken pot pie with nigella and thyme crust
Chicken Parm
"" Daal/Lentil easy to cook!
breakfast sourdough bread with avocado and cherry tomatoes and onion.
Breakfast burrito
Bread!
Doggo’s Home Cooked Food! No grains!
artisan bread, was used with an oil / balsamic vinegar and basil breading dip.
Tendies
boneless buffalo wings
Thai coconut chicken soup
Chili and Chips
Red beans and coconut milk curry. (it's not really curry but it's close enough)
Beef Nachos with Cheese
chicken fried steak
Crispy Rice with Tuna.
making fries!
Christmas tree meatloaf
deviled eggs
french toast with whipped cream and jam
Cinnamon Sugar Soft Pretzel!
Breakfast!
The Secret of Blueberry
BBQ pulled-pork sliders
dark chocolate and sea salt sourdough cookie dough
Salty Brown Sugar Apple Galette
Valentine's day : COVID-19
Chicken Caprese with pan seared Zucchini
Bánh mì
Fresh peach salad
Creams beef
Golden!! Golden!! Golden!! This Golden Coffee was made by a
An Osaka-Style Okonomyaki
Buffalo and BBQ Chicken Wings
Philippine streetfood &lt;3
Braised beef short ribs in red wine with butter noodles.
Dondakaya Ulli Karam Telugu దొండకాయ ఉల్లికారం కర్రీ ని దొండకాయ ఇష్టం లేని వారు కూడా ఇష్టంగా తింటారు
Juicy Airfried GARLIC BUTTER STEAK
Bacon Cheeseburger with small batch cheddar and caramelised onion. 10/10 Beef Patty from The Butchers Quarter in Manchester.
turkey chili
Tri Tip and Potatoes
Meat Lasagna
pancakes and peppered bacon
- Apple and Cherry Wood smoked baby back ribs from the Kamado
Semolina-crusted ladyfish fry
https://ift.tt/3iQ5hbp
Bolognese with fresh pappardelle. 6 hours very well spent.
Triple smash burger with sautéed onion, white American and pickle
beef dumplings (Jianjiao)
Smoked prime rib
C-Shaped Momos with Red Ginger Chilli Sauce
How to Cook  Spaghetti Squash
Pasta with Ham and Egg are the best
Sushi platter
steamed spicy crabs
Pig Snake
Lentil Curry
Pan seared salmon with baked shimeji mushrooms and baby asparagus
salmon with asparagus and guacamole
Squirrel Adobo Tacos
You MUST try this one!! SHA CHA BEEF STIR FRY (TAIWANESE STYLE)
Stir Fry in my wok!
bulgogi beef subs with cheese crispy onions
Spicy pork noodles and wonton soup
Nashville Hot Popcorn Chicken
stir-fry spicy pork.
Charcoal grilled chicken served with Lebanese fattoush salad, Hummus, garlic sauce and pita bread
Teezmonkey.com is an online platform which gives faculties to the store like restaurant, grocery, meat shop, medical store, "pet food" stores to register themselves with Teezmonkey.com and delivery their services. Teezmonkey delivers anything to your doorstep in 45 minutes. "
Tonkotsu Ramen extra nori
banana caramel cheesecake
Yo, what’s wrong with my fry
Green Tea Strawberry Cake
Buffalo beer bread.
Creamy Chicken and Orzo with Spinach
Melt In Ur Mouth Chicken and Greek Lemon Potatoes
Sandwiches  My shot for Instagram
I created a survey to look at how food consumption has shifted this year. Thank you so much for taking this quick, 3 minute survey about your thoughts on the food industry. Yes, you can share this survey with others!
Cassoulet with herby breadcrumb top
meatball grinders!
grandma pie
Tasty Lasagna
Made some chebureki last night almost burnt my house down but it was worth it
Chocolate Genache Cake
Air Fryer Fried Chicken
YIKES
Tuna Steak with Rice and Vegetables
Shanghai-style braised pork belly with basmati rice and kimchi
Oklahoma Onion Burger
Hot and Sour Soup
Can't go to Jason's Deli? Make it at home. Homemade Reuben sandwiches. Even the bread is homemade.
Sesame Garlic Chicken
Clam Rice-Noodle
Mississippi pot roast with mashed potatoes and roasted carrots
Shrimp taco platter
a homemade chili cheeseburger 🍔
Jajangmyeon!!
Eat the World Challenge Week2- Mongolia
Brioche Burger Buns
Classic Beef Stew with Sourdough Bread
Michigan pizza, Pennsylvania cheesesteak, Wisconsin beer, Georgia dessert
Spicy chicken with rice &amp; roasted butternut
Strawberry Sundae Churro &amp; Chocolate covered Churro
Chinese Noodle Soup
drank kulhad tea
Peanut butter and chocolate cups.
salmon with risotto, asparagus and cherry tomato, lemon, caper sauce
Nutella waffle
Pizza Napoletana (mozarella + tomato sauce)
Cajun shrimp Bao buns with Yum Yum sauce
Tacos de cabeza
Korean Fried Chicken
Middle eastern Mezze, from Yotam Ottolenghi Masterclass
i ate lays without seeing this in “lays” “sour cream and onion flavored” “party size” packet what should I do?
Jota triestina is one of my favorite soups
Loaded Rice Bowl (More into in comments)
s’mores with cookies, chocolate, and marshmallow!
Japanese Soufflé Pancake
Egg fried rice with chicken
Glazed fresh ham
Hybrid fried egg cheddar omelette
Air-fryed hot wings
Gingerbread Pumpkins
Detroit Style
crispy noodles.
chocolate tart and Ganache. Sizes XL and S.
Chicken with black bean sauce
spent the day making these raisin &amp; frangipane rolls topped with Lemon icing
Apple Smoked Pork Tenderloin
Worcester sauce beef stirfry, rice was made separate
plantbased burger with specify sauce, onions, peppers, lettuce and fried pickles on the side
Gigantic Creme Brûlée in a 1.4 litre Soufflé dish
Plum pie .
5lb+ chipotle burrito
Rava Gujiya delicious recipe| Holi special sooji ki gujiya | Yummy Guji...
Porchetta with sage, rosemary and orange ready for the oven!
assorted cupcakes!
Lobster Mac n Cheese
Choco chip cookies
Pavlova and Gingerbread Chocolate Bonbons
Double cheese burger with garlic and herb wedges
Pak Girl Proposes Classmate, Both Sacked From Lahore University After Video Goes Viral (WATCH) - ABP Live
Burrata and artichoke and lemony spinach pesto pizza 👅
“Italian” something lol
steamed fresh Dungeness crab
Applebee's Triple Chocolate Meltdown
Potato omelette
Smoked chicken thigh and chorizo tacos
raspberry sorbet with chocolate cake, dark and white chocolate mousse
My second attempt making German cake, it was incredible.
Catene (chains) —&gt;
Smoked Esquites
Sirloin Steak and Roasted Potatoes.
Arroz caldo (Filipino rice porridge)
Italian grilled cheese- a game changer 👍🏼
Monterrey Chicken, Creamy Mashed Potatoes and Sauted Zucchini and Onions
Taiwanese style beef noodle soup
T-Bone w/mushrooms and onions, shrimp w/ garlic, jalapenos and tomatoes and mac n cheese
Meet the Ramsay basketball player behind this backboard-breaking viral video - AL.com
chả giò (Vietnamese spring rolls)
a one pound bacon double cheeseburger with fries.
Zucchini spaghetti with caramelized mushrooms and diced hamburger
Authentic Mexican Guacamole Recipe (NO TOMATOES)
chocolate cake with peanut butter frosting to celebrate Cheeto boi’s eviction. (Keto! And it actually tastes good)
fried green tomatoes. Hope everyone else is feeling my fall vibes.
pupusas !!!
Chicken drumsticks glazed with a Asian BBQ sauce 🔥🍗
Chiksilog
Pretzel Rolls
oxtails over creamy grits w/sautéed collard greens
Before the seven kinds of meat and five hours of work/simmer.
Birria Tacos
bread bowl and clam chowder, Christmas Eve lunch
It’s sufganiyah szn! These are  mascarpone-Nutella and classic sweet cream sufganiyot, respectively.
Korean Style Air Fried Wings
toppings plate for Taco Tuesday
Home fries and bacon cheddar burgers
Crispy chicken thigh atop a waffle drizzled in table syrup.
Egg-fried rice with chicken, peas, cashew nuts and some teriyaki sauce
pan seemed then roasted honey glazed salmon this steamed radish and carrots.
Homemade bread and butter pudding
Pandan pancakes with desiccated coconut and palm sugar
Lemon Cheesecake with Lemon Curd and Blueberries
10 hour applewood smoked ham
My initial try at cauliflower pizza crust. Came out absolutely delicious!
Various bar snack tapas
choc ganache filled churros with milk chocolate and white chocolate sauce
Fig marmelade. 🤗
https://ift.tt/3piwyFB
Eggs Benedict
That BLT though (i made the bread)
LAHMACUN &amp; BIG HAS : Sunday Sessions EP3
Cod back with tapenade
Chai Cheesecake
Chicken Broth Recipe
Cheese Platter
CHICKEN WINGS on the 26" WEBER KETTLE and SLOW N SEAR.
Cheese and spicy onions hot dogs with Five Guys Cajun fries
Grilled crustini mushrooms with gluten free teriyaki sauce and an avacado on the side.
cuisine from Congo
Pho w/filet
What do you guys think of my Mac and cheese
couldn’t go home to Sydney for Christmas, hosted Orphan’s Christmas in Melbourne for all those affected by border closures. Cob loaf and a charcuterie to warm the soul.
Gumbo and potato salad
Freshly caught Alaskan Rockfish tacos
Cassoulet
Feta stuffed venison meatballs (with feta yogurt sauce) and Greek quinoa salad
Coffee and brown sugar rubbed applewood smoked pork butt pre-pulling.
Pulled pork, Mac &amp; Cheese, Charro Bean, Avocado Burrito
Chili Toasted Onion Spicy Creamy Fusilli with Pan Fried Thigh
Guacamole con Camarón
Chicken on brioche with honey mustard
mini rose apple tarts!
BBQ pulled pork pizza
grilled crustini mushrooms and avacado
Cháo Gà Nấm Rơm
Honey pork chops, roasted red potatoes, and broccoli
BK Whoppers
Toasted steak sandwiches with sweet potato fries
Delicios Ramen de la Region de Tonkotsu
Smash Burger 🍔
Coho Salmon Steaks
Super easy prawn and dumpling tom yum noodle soup
Cooking Steak on a Cast Iron Skillet with Baked Broccoli as a Side
Mushroom, Bacon, Grilled Onion, Double patty, smash burger.
Happy Lunar New Year!  Doun Ban Yu
Tuscan Chicken
Roast chicken &amp; gravy
Beef Stroganoff.
Chicken Chili Rice Recipe | Restaurant Style Chicken Chili ""
Broccoli mushroom white pizza with mushroom sage olive oil.
for lunch with homemade steak sauce
Acai Bowl
Salmon and feta pasta
"" deep thinking medication for meditation to release stress G.O touching lives
braised short ribs served over mashed potatoes
Marbled pumpkin pie with cream cheese
Apple Wood Smoked Chicken Thigh
Lobster Risotto
Steak Quesadillas
Poha
Lobster roll and cream of crab soup
Architecture themed cupcakes
Everything Dinner Rolls
Smash burger with lime chipotle Mayo
Lemon Cheesecake Ricotta Cannoli
Simple cast iron steak and potato.
Fancy Dinner meal
Hello
I made chestnut soup, handmade ravioli, glazed chestnuts, salsify, and chestnut honey cream
pasta carbonara with a New Orleans Twist
Pyramide cake
Taco Pasta
birria quesadilla pizza
Picanha
Fatayar &amp; Lebanese Salad
Pineapple chicken
Happy Halloween! Cute Halloween Cookies 2020
Tuna tartare, wasabi puree and sesame mayo
Rosemary and tomato focaccia bread! Delicious!
Valentine's Day Sugar Cookies and Gingerbread Cookies
Pumpkin Seed Crusted Salmon with creamy beurre blanc sauce
My Cake Day Tomahawk Steak
Chicken and Broccoli with White Steamed Rice
The Last Caveman devours the ice cream he only knows
Chicken Steak and Burger
Spicy BBQ tofu, beet fries, vegetable stir fry, and tater tots.
chocolate cake with buttercream
Vegetarian Musaka
Pav Bhaji - Indian street Food
Poached egg on toasted sourdough w/chorizo, asparagus, and chorizo mayo.
toasted sesame breakfast bagel with smoked ham, cheddar and omelette.
Chocolate Cake for a friend
Filet mignon with blue cheese butter, asparagus and baked potato. 3 year wedding anniversary dinner!
Wooden satellites: Japan’s bid to cut space junk - Mirror Now
Pineapple honey chili glazed pork skewers with garlic and parmesan rice for a quick dinner!
4 ingredient bagels
Lina Tik ăn BỮA SÁNG TỪ GIẤY - ASMR Mukbang food sounds/Klunan Tik Style
Lentil Soup
this chili cheese dog
mrs. bean’s famous nutmeg ginger apple snaps from “fantastic mr. fox” with apple cider
Birria tacos, I jumped on the bandwagon.
Scrambled egg sandwich with sriracha in an Everything Seasoning bun (I made the bread too)
I’m a simple man....it’s 3 degrees outside...I make chili
Nashville hot chicken in Nashville!
Ceviché de camaron with a cayenne pepper kick
steak stir fry
smoked bbq ribs and chicken!
Zombie brain cupcakes
Big Mac Smash Burger
Some shrimp tacos that I  before 3rd hour
Random Vegetables + Rice and Egg
my cousin made this cake all the way in ukraine
Kimchi Fried Chicken Sandwich with Extra Crispy Sweet Potato Fries
Charcoal grilled bacon cheese burger with jalapeños and fried egg, on potato bun.
Apple Pie with Cinnamon Roll crust
Dad's Fancy Chicken
Penne alla vodka w/ chicken
Chai spice cake
Mall-style soft pretzels, with beer cheese sauce (sauce not pictured, sorry!)
Veg Pulav, Corn Soup and some roasted papad
margherita pan pizza
Tacos de lengua
Santa tanghulu!
Chicken Teriyaki with Chinese Hakka Noodles in a pineapple
Ham Sandwich with mustard, onion, lettuce, homemade pepper relish on a french roll brushed with olive oil, topped with herb then toasted and a side of Tots
Grandpa’s Comically Sized Sandwich
Squid Ink Linguini on Avocado Pesto Sauce with Shrimp and Scallops
Meatloaf
I made chinese hamburger (Celebrate Lunar New Year 2021)
- Fried salmon steamed broccoli and tomatoes with pesto sauce.
Gooey cinnamon roll with maple cream cheese frosting
carrot cake
Habanero peach pierogies with duck eggs and bacon.
fondant potatoes
5 onion soup with provolone toast, and green salad with green dressing. both recipes from the Alon Shaya cookbook!
Tried my hand at a charcuterie platter.
Venison Roast (Sous Vide)
Buffalo Chicken Parmesan.
Wild mushroom stew with noodles
My  cookie collapsed from a heart-shape into an Italy-shape
Ram ladoo
Grilled chicken wings and bacon wrapped jalapeños
Mustard and Cayenne Scotch Egg.
Russian Beef and Cabbage Pelmeni
Gyudon and Miso Soup
All over-70s urged to get COVID-19 jabs as UK nears vaccine target - Economic Times
Lasagna Bolognese for a convalescing co-worker.
pho with pork
Vietnamese beef stew AKA bo kho
COCONUT LADDOOS!
in action shot placing macarons
Bun Cha, vermicelli noodles, grilled chicken, fresh vegetables, herbs, crispy shallots
Salmon with Sweet Potato and Broccoli
Cast Iron pork chops with mash potatoes and green beans
Cast Iron Cornbread
spicy stir fried noodles
Apple tart
Tandoori Chicken Pizza
I cooked some  teriyaki chicken today. It looks like shit tbh, but I tastes great I’m kinda proud!
Fruit tarts
Chicken and Dumpling Soup
Strawberry creme pie
Mortadella, capicola, Genoa salami, provolone, LTO, and house dressing on fresh baked 8" foccasia bread
Toasted bread baked with Mozzarella and Cheddar cheese with a topping of fresh vegetables and marinara sauce base.
Pork Belly Bahn Mi
Wild Boar Leek and Mushrooms w/ Tomatoes on the side
Japanese curry with egg
Pastrami Reuben with Steak Fries
Taking photos at work #NZ
double cheeseburger, crinkle fries, fried pickles, stuffed taters
I made a spicy cheesy beef taco casserole
Chilli and basil stirred fry with Grass Jelly
Smash burger, fried sweet potatoes, and store bought onion rigs
Rambail Kebab Peshawar Pakistan
Lobster
Dumposaurus Dumpsters &amp;amp; Rolloff Rental
Healthy Breakfast
Steak with peppercorn sauce
Пастуший пирог - классический представитель британской кухни. Это блюдо имеет древнюю историю и представляет собой запеканку из мясного фарша и картофельного пюре. Как и любое блюдо, его можно приготовить очень просто, а можно добавить много любви и у вас получится шедевр.
Berry Chocolate Cake
Cookies n’ creme cupcakes!
Loco Moco! Added Mushrooms for Extra Umami...
Meal kits. Home cooking made easy :) this one is Japchae Noodles
Mountain of beer battered shrimp and fish for taco fish
Vegan donuts with candied kumquats, crushed pistachio &amp; cranberry pieces.
Korean chicken and sweet potato Pizza 🔥
Leftover ribeye sandwich on ciabatta with chimichurri, fresh mozz and arugula
baked spaghetti with cheesy skillet bread
Pierogies with shredded cheese, sautéed onions, bacon, and sour cream mixed with Franks Buffalo sauce
Roast Pork Chow Mein and paired it with a Riesling specifically designed for Chinese food. Or so they say.
Homemade soft serve with freshly picked strawberries
Shakshuka Tajine, A Moroccan Yummy Breakfast
Roasted chicken, mashed potatoes, green bean casserole, mushroom dressing, spiced butternut squash salad, and gravy.
cast iron steak and oven baked potato
pan seared duck breast with cherry glaze
Toasted bread w cured salmon, pickled golden beet, pickled mustard seed and dill .
hongkong style noodle with pork belly, pork dumplings, and pork spring rolls
El Pastor tacos
- Cilantro Chutney Roasted Chicken with Potatoes
Mango Ice Cream
Roast Chicken with Smashed Baby Potatoes and Root Vegetables
Did you like this Barbecue Pulled Chicken ? Look Delicious for
A Crispy chicken club with cheese, bacon, and basil mayo.
chocolate nutella cheesecake
Sour cream donuts!
simple panini!
Buttermilk-brined roast chicken
Lox and bagels (all ingredients from Wegman’s)
Jamaican Jerk with grilled pineapple
Cheesy beef enchiladas with yellow rice
Carne Asada Street Tacos
Spice crusted prime rib with onion beef jus!
K2煮場 - EP03 《🥥椰香雞湯》
Tunisien coscos with lamb
Xi'an-style dumplings
Congrí Rice Recipe ( this is a Cuban recipe) Translate to english with translator
Chocolate Mug Brownie
Avocado Salmon Sandwich
Crispy Pork Bahn Mi
breakfast quesadilla
Injera with various stews and veggies.
I ate this my gf is a pro chef  lol
Since When Cacao?
pizza pepperoni onions and oilves
Teriyaki Fried Tofu with Veggie Stir-Fry
My attempt at conchas (St Valentines special)
(Homemade) Pork belly w/ harrisa mashed potato, roasted chilli purée and sauted veg
Pizza from a automated vendor
Sweetcorn fritter, mushrooms &amp; runny egg with locally made hot sauce
MARINATED, Grilled, Sliced, Rib-Eye with an Heirloom Tomato, Feta Tart
Hallumi Lemon broiled skillet potatoes
Prime rib roast with roasted beets and mushroom gravy.
chunky pesto roasted carrots
🥴
Over easy egg w/everything bagel seasoning, guac, served on Texas toast garlic bread
Rib-Eye Steak
Yummy Honey Dijon Chicken
Blueberry pancakes
bacon 3 types black pepper/ honey garlic/ spicy
Canadian Poutine
Cinnamon cardamom rolls with cream cheese icing.
Shallow-Poached Branzino in Beurre-Blanc
green Chile cheese burgers on fresh made buns
Beef and Broccoli Stir-fry
Vegetables with tagliatelle
peanut butter shortbread chocolates
Roe-Deer Goulash with Spätzle, Créme-Fraîche and Lingonberries
. Taco box
Still a beginner, really like how this one came out.
Indian Style Beef Curry
creamy lemon and lobster fettuccine with broccolini
dumplings
Apples and hot cinnamon cake to have with coffee at breakfast
white cheddar potato purée with chili con carne on top
NY Strip Steak!
Bibimbap bowls
I made  pizza
chicken alfredo pizza
Kimchi fried chicken sandwich with diced kimchi mayo, cabbage, and sliced homemade spicy dill pickles
Pumpkin Pie
Fried leftover dough balls
Budaejjigae, Jeyuk Bokkum, Cheese Donkasu, and Kimchi Tuna Kimbap
Savoy with meatballs and potatoes
Piecaken
Pork loin with creamy mushroom sauce and spätzle
Deep fried Oreos!
egg casserole
Sous vide eye round sandwiches
Avocado toast
Fresh Orange and Dark Chocolate GF Cheesecake🍊
Roast chicken pot pie
cinnamon coffee cake
Milk in a glass
Spicy Korean chicken
Tex Mex Ground Beef Skillet
Duck and beef Ramen, boullion is made with burned onions, carrots, selery, parsley, a lot of ginger, pak choi, shitake mushrooms, kaffir, white wine, soy sauce and some other spices :) Served with boiled egg marinated in soy sauce, beef, glazed carrots, sweet peas rice noodles etc.
egg custard, truffles ragout, chive chip
I made dinner in preparation for a date and she never showed up. Now I’m chicken cordon blue.
Corned beef and Swiss Mac and cheese @ Cajun Kate’s
Bok Choy and Smoked Sausage Egg Fried Rice w/ Beni Shoga and Kimchi
Mustard
Seafood Paella
Chicken Nuggets
gluten free mini burger, with New Zealand lamb pattie.
Frittata
Grilled pork chops, fennel-crusted and still pink on the inside. Mushrooms with butter and garlic. Roasted Honeynut squash.
ginger-mango tofu
days of accumulation have lead up to this moment
in the microwave: Oatmeal is the perfect yin yang balanced way to start a morning.
Roast beef sandwich 3 way (BBQ, Mayo, cheese) on a fresh onion roll.
Poached Eggs
Venison Schnitzel with Apple Red Cabbage and Spätzle
Sushi with fried tofu and cucumber
Simple Shoyu Ramen
Calzone
Oreo Cake
Quanta Firfir with others
japan street food || japanese street food || world tamil king ""
Korean style ribs, white rice and sautéed asparagus
Avocado, Very creative
Quintuple smash burger
Paczki- Raspberry, Strawberry, Lemon Custard, and Fig
My family holiday dinner reheated after working 3rd Shift.
Enchiladas my dad made me.
Fillet Steak w/ red wine jus, potatoes and kumara salad
macarons cereal
Orange pepper, stuffed with pan roast chicken, zucchini squash, arabiata sauce, and caesar crouton
Deep fried Halloumi fries
Tres Leches Cake.
Reverse seared, butter basted Ribeye following the "Basics with Babish" video.
Dudes gonna remember this for the rest of his life
Chole(Garbanzo Bean Curry) Bhatoore (Fried flatbread)
a juicy steak.
Taco Meat in a Wok
shake to drink milktea 😝
Pancakes today for pancake day in the UK. Shrove Tuesday
"'meat' patties" (recipe in comment)
sushi roll. Spicy cream cheese, asparagus, fresh jalapeño, and carrot.
Crudités
Peanut Brittle
Pimento smoked jerk wings
Smoreo
Cheeseburger with freshly ground short rib blend, grilled jalapeños and special sauce
Roasted Red Pepper Bruschetta
bim bim bap with kimchi
Rajasthani laal maas goat curry red gravy.
burned basque cheesecake
Pumpkin Pancakes
matcha and yuzu canelé
Lamb shanks, mashed potato, vegetables and a ree wine jus.
Apricot and walnut cake
Greek Chicken with Bruschetta, served with Brown Rice and Broccoli
Sous Vide Egg Bites
Baked Mac and Cheese with Bacon
Tortilla Soup
smoked stake
Halloween brownies
Japanese BBQ tempura chicken rice bowl and fried rice balls
Buttermilk biscuits with thyme sausage gravy
DouBao(Chinese food)
Chicken pesto onion bacon wrap with cheddar dressing
Nashville hot chicken, homemade white bread, homemade pickles
People keep telling me it’s not worth it to roast my own pumpkins but I disagree.
Moroccan potato salad
Shepherd's Pie is perfect on a cold night!
Fried fish, sticky rice, veggies &amp; spicy sour dipping sauce
Salmon over grilled asparagus and a lemon tarragon rice topped with a tomato and basil "salad"
Yellowfin Tuna ceviche, pineapple aji amarillo leche, charred pineapple, avocado, radish
Chicken thighs and green beans in lemon garlic butter
claypot crab vermicelli noodle
authentic hand made sweets 😋
Fried Chicken &amp; Mayonnaise Zinger
Post-Thanksgiving turkey ramen
Kraft Mac &amp; Cheese with shaved Parmesan
Buttermilk fried chicken sandwich- chipotle aioli, creamy slaw, sliced pickles on toasted brioche
Corned Beef, Roasted Sprouts, Steamed Carrots, Boiled Potatoes
Schöne fasnet ❤️🥸
Smoked Baby Back Rib Garlic Bread Sub
beef wellington
Fire Roasted Porterhouse
potato gnocchi with sage brown butter
Just 1 of 40+  thanksgiving pies
स्वाद जाएँगे भूल जब इस तरह से बना कर खाएँगे सहजन के फूल की सब्जी | Indian recipes | Sahjan Ke Phool |
This is what  for snack, rice and cereal. Should I call it rice cereal?
Miso, Sweet Potato and Soba Ramen
meat black pepper grazy
India vs England 2nd T20 Playing 11: Rohit Sharma to return in line-up? - The Indian Express
soup sampler
Me any my family bake cookies at Christmas thought I would share.
Hyderabadi Chicken Biryani
Surf &amp; Turf with delectable sides
Lemon scotch egg
Homemade British Indian restaurant style garlic chilli chicken
Crispy Lemon Chicken
Chole Bhature
Pan fried gyoza (frozen from bag)
Made biscuits. Am pleased.
Ferrero on stick, anyone?
Sausage Split
Sour Cherry Galette With Almond Milkshake by Yuzoo Kitchen
Braised Short Ribs with Root Vegetables
Viral Video: Hrithik Roshan's impromptu performance as Mika Singh croons 'Ek Pal Ka Jeena' breaks the internet - DNA India
Roasted tomato and basil soup with cheesy/garlic tiger bread.
Endive with mashed potatoes and Grilled bacon
Sweet Potato Gnocchi, with herbs and olive oil.
Tandoori Gobhi/Cauliflower is an easy recipe for Snack and main course, it also can be cooked in barbeque, Cauliflower is a rich source of vitamins and minerals.
7 layer salad
Nashville Spicy Chicken Sandwich with dill creme sauce.
Muffin and cinnamon biscuit
Korean Inspired Braised Short Ribs
Huckleberry Cheesecakes.
a sunset burger from sunset grill in cape may nj
POKEMON IN REAL LIFE | Pikachu Ăn Tất Cả Các Nhân Vật😯 Crazy Chef ASMR &amp;...
Cinnamon toothpicks
Yi Fang Fruit Tea with Pearls
Salmon and Vegetable Chow Mein
Relaxing Slime Compilation ASMR | Oddly Satisfying Slime ASMR Videos #37
Lamb &amp; Chicken Kabob
Ramen with red cabbage and mushrooms in a lamb bone broth
Pan seared, oven roasted tenderloin, mashed potatoes, glazed asparagus, mushroom demi-glacé
Kluna Tik Eating PLANTS vs ZOMBIES in Real Life - Game Tik ASMR Food Muk...
Fresh oysters with lime and hot sauce
Teriyaki salmon and feta salad with ginger dressing and carrots
Spicy Miso Lamb Ramen
Cookies from Latvia - Žagariņi (Branches)
Salad
Habanero hot dog mac and cheese with a sour dough crust.
Yu Xiang shrimp
Chocolate Chip Cookies
turkey rolls
Pork and Shrimp Wontons
Gjetost. I am addicted to this cheese that tastes like a caramel chew but cheese-y.
Chicken chili
Duck breast with apple cider reduction
"Legumes du Soleil" lasagna
Open Face Sandwich
Herb Stuffing
Twice Baked Potato Casserole
late night ramen in NYC
Slow Roasted Beef Dinner.
Tonkotsu Ramen with Chashu pork
Strawberry Cheesecake No-Bake
Pierogis with Mushroom Filling
Tostada estilo Siberia
Pastrami
I  breakfast!
pot roast for a cold day
Tomato and pepper paste with sunshine.
Veggie Blast
Tokyo style dandan noodles.
Fresh tagliatelle with butternut squash sauce, toasted pecans, and fried sage
Croquetas de Jamon
best pizza recipe
a cornicopia of mashed legumes in Between Pieces of Bread.
grilled skirt steak, peppers and home fries
Sweet Bento dessert
Teriyaki chicken and spam musubi
“Breakfast” Patty Melt
mix Vegetables Pulao
Lasagne Bolognese
Chilly Sauce
Star Wars gingerbread cookies (before frosting)
Spaghetti and Gruyere
Lamb kofta curry
Roasted Duck Noodle Soup
Kaldereta is a cow meat stew from the Philippines. Variations of the dish use goat, chicken, or pork. Commonly, cow meat is stewed with vegetables and liver paste. Vegetables may include tomatoes, potatoes, olives, bell peppers, and hot peppers.
Chocolate and Mint Macarons
Jalapeño and buttermilk fried chicken with mandarin orange and strawberry salad and sugar strawberries for dessert
Best peanut butter cookies recipe
pho bo
Lemon cream daifuku
Keto Avocado Salsa
a Mediterranean fried chicken wrap with feta, red pepper, onion, and tomato aioli
I made pork with only four things to wash
Spinach Parmesan Risotto with Scallops
Spaghetti Carbonara - part of a three course dinner last night
Grilled Lamb with potatos
breakfast scramble
How To Make  Sweetened Condensed Milk + Fudge!!
Rabbit roulade with mushroom and spinach. Turnip potato crema. Mustard jus. Roasted veggies. Made for my lovely fiancée
US terrorism alert warns of politically motivated violence - Associated Press
Mushroom and Basil pizza
Street Sandwich &amp; Fries
Cheese and Mushroom Omelette with jalapeño jerk sauce, roasted pistachios on top.
buttermilk burger
grilled cheese on brioche and carrot ginger soup
California Realtor Loses Job After Racist Video Harassing Asian Woman Goes Viral - Yahoo News
Tator Tot Nachos
a lot...
🍓  strawberry tart with chocolate and custard filling🍓
Simple Cherry Chipotle Turkey Meatballs
Oatmeal
Mushroom, Halloumi and Goat's cheese on a tortilla wrap.. presentation isn't the best but the taste was heavenly
Turkey, Bacon, Lettuce &amp; Tomato Sandwich
My dessert this weekend.
roast sweet potato and potatoes, charred broccolini, speck with onion and cabbage with chicken kiev sausages
experimented with making flour tortillas, their appearance puts me in mind of naan, but they made a lovely burrito
Samosas
Pulled pork in Hawaiian buns with salad, beans &amp; broccoli
Sticky Shanghai-style braised pork belly with king oyster mushrooms on a bed of Taiwanese spinach
Egg in rye
charcuterie with peaches
Ramen burger buns
Fish Paturi
Bread. (be kind, I'm only 33)
Alvin Zhou Chocolate Chip Cookies
Basque Pumpkin Cheesecake
I didn’t get a pic of it before it got destroyed but heres my  apple pie
Inside out peanut butter cups
Italian Anise Biscotti
Georgian Cheese Boat : Easy  dish
Chopped Cheese Inspired Brisket Sandwich
NY Strip steak, loaded baked potato, brussel sprouts
Left over roast beef, egg, &amp; cheese McMuffin
Chili sin carne
Crottin de Chavignol
Receita Para REVIVER os MORTOS💀: O Curry Ssustador Feito De Coisas Terrí...
Spiral Ham, Egg &amp; Cheese on Poppy Bagel
Southern fried Chicken burger with bacon
Kanelbullar (Swedish cinnamon buns)
Soyrizo Potatoes, Grilled Peppers, Breakfast Burrito
https://ift.tt/2YxtkCC
Spicy Chicken Sandwich Chick Fil A Clone.
Moroccan style tray brake with a dill &amp; yoghurt dressing
french onion soup
Snack-y Lunch Platter
&lt;500 calorie triple bacon cheeseburger
Korean egg rolls #egg_roll
Cheese quesadillas with guacamole (kind of) and El Yucatán habanero hot sauce
2020 Holiday treat boxes
Cross-stitch inspired decorated shortbread cookies
i live"
Wood pigeon tartare
Chocolate Torte (Vegan and regular) with whip cream and a raspberry sauce.
Brownies with toasted hazelnuts.
pastrami
Spicy Ramen with Roasted Pork Loin, Soft Cooked Egg, Corn, and Toasted Seaweed
Poached chicken, black garlic and red wine rigatoni and coppa wrapped asparagus.
Chocolate Challah
Lightly salt mixed nut
Chasau rice with ramen eggs and lots of green onion
Dan Dan noodles
gumbo for Mardi Gras
Fall themed spice cake cupcakes with cinnamon and nutmeg cream cheese frosting.
Maruti Suzuki India reports 20% rise in December vehicle sales - Mint mini cake with lemon curd, raspberry sauce, and whipped cream cream cheese frosting
Waffled cheesy hash browns with poached eggs and strawberry jelly filled fritter donuts with a thin cream cheese glaze.
Bacon swiss burger, toasted potato roll
casio e pepe
Had nowhere else to flex this pre-oven babka
Spinach pesto pasta
peanut butter and jelly challah
Tata Steel back in the black, reports net profit of ₹3,989 crore in Q3FY21 - Mint
a lot of steak tacos!
Pizza Mom and Pizza Babies
Kaju Katli - Happy Diwali! 🪔
Chicken breast coated with Doritos
double bacon cheeseburger
turkey burger &amp; egg on multi grain with avocado, onion, herb goat cheese &amp; spicy mayo
bulgogi beef rice bowl
Nothing beats NYC bagels! Spinach and smoked salmon
The best Diner In Nashville
Peruvian chicken, red cabbage slaw, potato and plantain
Salami, Ricotta, Pepperoncini Pizza
lox
Sausage Balls
Smoked Halibut and smoked Pepper Mackerel in oil
Chicken Parmesan Sandwich
Oreo Cheesecake. Happy Thanksgiving ya’ll!!
Peanut Butter Chicken with Basmati Rice
sous vide steak! with a mustard seed and rosemary pan sauce, cheesy veggies, and parmesan garlic toast slices
wood-fired falafel flatbread
Chocolate log with plastic seasonal berries
Samsung Galaxy A52 5G bags 3C certification with 15W charging - GSMArena.com news - GSMArena.com
Grilled steak and baked potato! Simplistic Beauty
seafood and chicken paella
Spicy steak wrap
chocolate-hazelnut galette des rois
Tonkatsu Ramen
Tortilla chips and egg,jalapeño, and cheese
Chicken Nachos!
Rosquillas (Spanish Doughnuts)
Brazilian cheese bread
- French Onion Casserole
Chicken Club Sandwich with Cajun Fries
Garlic Mushroom Pasta
Chimichurri, ciabatta &amp; chorizo with chives
Paella con pollo y chorizo
Avacado beef burger
Baked Bronzino with roasted potatoes and sautéed spinach
Topfen Grießwuzerl
Shepherd’s Pot Pie
Bacon wrapped smoked Turkey with a Honey Bourbon Glaze.
Pizza with prosciutto crudo and arugula
Cake with corn flour - CHEAP You Won't Believe ✔A very easy cake to prepare,, delicious and loved by the whole family. You have to try it it is cheap and it is very well covered in the fridge if there is anything left to put in the fridge.
double chocolate chip cookies 🍪
spaghetti with meat sauce
sheet pan beef nachos
Hot chocolate bomb!
Turkish delight
Rabbit Roulade with spinach, mushroom and prosciutto. Pearl onions. Turnip potato crema. Mustard jus. Roast vegetables. Fresh Rabbits were on sale at the market.
Mango Mantecado
A gorgeous rib eye steak for dinner
Pelmeni - ribeye potato dumplings, koji gochujang amazaki butter, 24 hr amazaki soured cream, toasted sesame
fruits, vegetables and nuts you eat everyday you might not know are man-made #vegetables #fuits #nuts
bacon and toast
Huevos Turkey Chili-cheros
Roasted Garlic Chicken Pie
Omelette with mushrooms, smoked pork jowl, and parmesan cheese.
Shrimp and Andouille Sausage Gumbo
Grilled garlic chicken, cheese and jalapeño omelette
Chicken pho with my Vietnamese hot sauce. Served with a side of crispy sweet and tangy soy Brussel sprouts.
Bacon, egg and cheese on a cheddar buttermilk biscuit
"" " 4:13"How to make Sweet Crackers, Easy snacks
Oatmilk pancakes, lemon, strawberries and Nutella.
English muffin
- Pasteis de Nata
Beef tartare with parsley oil and pickles
Sour Cream And Chive Rolls.
Copycat Popeye's Chicken Sandwich
Doctored Umani Assault Soup
Beef 🥩 Tips and Veggies 🌶 in a butter sauce 😋
"pasta al forno"
Crème Brûlée
Pork Bao Buns
- Perfect Xmas cookies for this year!
fried egg
Meatball sub with French fries
Goat Cheese and Arugula Flatbread
Vegetable and bean soup.
Carbonara tiiime
a s'mores rolled ice cream
tunnel vision cheddar chive biscuits.
My Snack Sandwich
Passion fruit eclairs with passion fruit glaze and charred Swiss meringue
Torta de pastor and tacos al pastor with some agua de horchata
broiled medium steak and corn- never done before🥺 was pretty tasty!
Crunchy Mac N Cheese Balls
Potato rösti and egg
- 8 Hour Ferment No Knead, Rustic Loaf
Momofuku Bo Ssäm. Complete with Bibb lettuce for wraps, ginger scallion sauce, rice and ssäm sauce.
Ceviche Sinaloa style
peanut butter + banana oats 💛
cranberry cheesecake
Got bored tonight decided pirogis
Banana in cranberry juice
“Excuse me hooman”
Alaskan Halibut Stone Bowl
handmade papadelle with boloñesa
California Rolls
almond joy brownie bites
A squash and onion tart
Spanish Tortilla
Valentines Day spaghetti.
Meatball Parmigiana
9 kinds of donuts
pan roasted halibut cheeks finished in a mussel saffron broth.
Corn waffles and chili
Grizzly Rose Owner on the Club's COVID-19 Crisis and Viral Video - Westword
Thanksgiving Turkey Wild Rice Soup w Homemade Chicken Bone Broth
Smoked meat platter.
Prime rib, mashed potatoes, and garlic green beans
Sous Vide Rib Eye
Apple Fritter
coconut donuts and jasmine tea with honey
Skillet Yorkshire Pudding Recipe!
Southern Style Fried Chicken.
Lobster Mac and Cheese
3 flavours of "Pittule": 'lassic, pizzaiola and turnip
Sugar Coated Molasses Cookie
kickware your versatile eco
Iskender-style Kebab
Turkish Delight
Indian Puri
Vanilla cake with coconut cream and strawberry jam.
why is did this steak i bought Only a day go get spots on it? Is its Safe to eat
John Dory “Grenobloise”, mix of agrumes, potatoes and chanterelles
Asian style Beef Noodle soup
Polar bear oreos for my family and co-workers!
You must have "" somewhere in your title
Mac 'n' cheese pies
Yulelog cake
Mouthwatering Mussels.
Fried Chicken Sandwich drenched in Makahani Sauce
Pasta aglio e olio
carrot cake cupcakes :)
Pastrami on rye with mustard from Katz's Deli!
stuffing for thanksgiving for 2. Never made not out of the box before so I’m pretty psyched! Happy thanksgiving!
cassoulet
Chicken Pad Thai
How to make sago falooda with fruits/sago fruits falooda recipe 🥭🍒🥭
https://ift.tt/3j1F6ib
I made this master pease  blueberry waffles and bacon
Crispy Onion Rings
Pan chicken and roasted vegetables
Peanut sauce pork rib sandwich with kimchi
piñata cake.
Bacon and artichoke heart white pizza.
Creamy, Cheesy, Spicy Chicken Tortellini Kitchen Sink Soup
pot roast with root vegetables and herbs from the garden
Tacos with Roasted Brussels Sprouts, Jalapeño Avocado Humus, and Steak
Japanese inspired breakfast. Mackerel sashimi, miso soup, steamed rice, marinated egg, Natto and fixins
Pan-roasted chicken, asparagus, morel cream, chicken jus, oyster mushrooms
Saturday white bread pizza
Milk Pudding decor with Mango, cashew
I ate this Avocado toast with salt/pepper and two scrambled eggs with sriracha for brekkie and loved it.
chicken marsala fresh beans focaccia
Gf is going for the keto diet so it’s no carbs for me here’s a  Roman style dish: assorted greens in oil, chilli and garlic with the beauty that is a poached egg. Not seen is the goats cheese on the side that will get me through this
Chicken Parm with Penne a la Vodka
Breakfast Poutine
Mushroom Sweet Corn Stir fry
Indian Tacos with Wheat Frybread.
Baked Ziti!
Yumme not ( homemade )😅
Mapo Tofu and Sichuan Green Beans
Prawn pizza
Homestyle Big Mac!
japchae
Smoked Salmon Bowl with Kale, Honey Roasted Carrot, Salsa, Beetroot Hummus and Edamame...
baked chicken with Mac and cheese and green beans.
steamed Yuca with spicy chili and shallot chutney
Whiskey Cake!
Burger with lots of cheese
Pork tenderloin , in dark beer onion and carrot sauce with boiled potato.
mango, charcoal, or sour plum?
shrimp cocktail!
https://ift.tt/39iAUap
glass shard candy
Calzone (chicken, tomatoes, onions, mushrooms, peppers, cheese)
Samgyeopsal
Garlic, salt and parmesan grilled chicken breast.
simple fried egg drizzled with this Wander magic chili oil is absolutely addictive!
Steak n’ Eggs, chimichurri, and biscuits!
Beef Tacos. Flour and corn Tortillas.
If you don’t make gravy in a cast iron your doing it wrong.
Newfie lobster roll
My famous Pistachio English Toffee
Chicken Mami (Chinese Noodle Soup)
Spooky cupcakes
Apple Tart with Caramel Ice Cream and whipped Cream
falafel. Part of a gyro dinner
Pecan cheesecake
Half pepperoni and jalapeño and half sausage and mushroom pizza with garlic butter oil crust
Swedish cardamom buns filled with vanilla cream
Sun-dried tomato basil spread, whipped ricotta and avocado and a fried olive on a toasty cracker
some texas style bbq from a local restaurant.
Poke, it was easier than i thought
Aguachile🇲🇽

Crispy-Skinned Roasted Turkey
Pasta alla vodka (linguini) w/ parm-reggiano and basil
Shrimp ‘n grits and cornbread baked with honey and corn.
ratatouille.🤤🙏🏻❤️
12-hour milky chicken broth
Pork Bao
Cheesiest Mac n cheese!!
IDBI Bank is out of RBI’s intensive care but its health remains frail - Mint
just your simple Bacon and Eggs
smoked salmon appetizer
Pulled chicken on green salad with tzatziki and feta.
First attempt at making Eggs Benedict
Banana bread without butter and eggs
Cheeseburger 🍔
Shiitake Mushroom and Salami Pizza
Cassava Cake a classic Filipino dessert
rolls for dinner
Strawberry red bean daifuku
Skirt Steak Tacos ft. Leftovers Marinade
Contact Us
Avocado Dish; A Masterpiece
Croissant turkey pot pie and tuscan soup
Vietnamese Coffee Cake
https://cutt.ly/ijHzfvc
chicken, mushroom gravy, herb roasted potatoes.
Elvis Cheesecake
Chicken fingers and breaded shrimp (surf ‘n turf)
bread with flaxseeds for more fibre
Keto Pizza casserole
Grilled flank steak
Shrimp pasta with a side salad.
Honey Chipotle Smoked Pork Belly Tacos
cream of mushroom soup
Cheese, Bacon &amp; Broccoli Quiche
Lemon meringue tart with layers of almond sponge, cherry gel, and lemon mousse.
- Taco Salad
Beef Wellington
Snow Crab with bacon wrapped tenderloin medallions and garlic bread and garlic butter.
Chicken Parmesan
Eggplant Parmesan Stacks
Beef wellington roast dinner
tree trunk birthday cake
Slow cooker chicken and bacon chowder.
NYE spread. (For two)
omg
- chocolate cake
Tamal de pipian
VEGAN STUFFED EGGPLANT
Bacon Cheeseburgers
Stuffed Striped Tiger Pumpkin
Venison Roast
Pancakes with bacon, egg, and watermelon with a rasberry compote
Lebanese Kibbeh
Buttermilk pancakes with caramel sauce and whipped cream
Timelapse:  breakfasts in 365 days. Bacon, eggs, pancakes, bacon, bacon, bacon, bacon
balsamic fig, rosemary, and walnut glazed chicken
this looks great...btw i didn’t make it
Simple Ghost Donuts
Buzz Lightyear Themed 6 Layer Birthday Cake
Blackened Cajun Chicken with Creamy Mashed Potatoes and Broccoli
Chocolate Cake
Crossaunts
grilled Kurobuta pork chops
Bacon Egg &amp; Cheese
Kaiseki cuisine
Pan seared Filet in butter bath with garlic and rosemary.
Ragoût de Pattes de Cochon
Pizza - Mild Genoa Salami, Thinly Sliced Onions, Mozza/Provolone Cheese, 'Njuda, Italian Parsley
Emergency Food
this beast of a falafel
Since a few liked my other kielbasa recipe, here is the other one I use it for! Some 6 alarm chili!
Lasagna With Ricotta
Castella Cake
Sourdough bread on the tug boat
Slow roasted duck wings over deep fried sweet potato fries
Pasta salad with tomatoes, cucumbers, green peppers, celery, carrots, pepperoni, cheddar cheese
Grilled ribeye w/ grain mustard and chive.
Roasted carrots, sage butter risotto, and lemon/sage/garlic marinated roasted chicken.
I made some cross-stitch inspired decorated shortbread cookies
I make soup. Sauerkraut and fennel with pickled egg in two-day chicken stock.
Julia Child's Coq Au Vin with Roasted New Potatoes and Hericot Verts
Thin and Crispy Double Chocolate Cookies
Corn Fritters with avocado topping
Holy Shiitake Mushroom Pizza
A fancy poptart
How to Prepare Cake Bakery Style Creamy Softy cake
YUMMY!
lamb chops!
Chicken-Fried French Fries! It's nothing fancy, but they're delicious!
Chicken and Jalapeños
Mini Korean-style Corndogs
shrimps with salad
Fresh Veggie Peacock Arrangement. It requires tomato, radish, carrot &amp; bell pepper.
Apple crumb muffins
Steak, corn, coleslaw.
Christmas Tree Cupcakes
Pain Au Chocolate
Air travel becomes expensive: Govt raises limits on domestic airfares by 10-30 pc - The Indian Express
Chicago-Style Pizza. Before the Olive drizzle and Parmesan
Desert at Conard
Farfalle with mustard cream, mushrooms, and toasted almonds
Slow poached chicken
Flaky Chicken Pot Pie
Mediterranean Dip and Nan
Bacon double cheeseburger with smoked jalapeño, sliced avocado, and a spicy garlic aioli all on a toasted sweet Hawaiian bun.
vegan chocolate mousse almond cake
veal and chicken parm sandwiches
Grilled Cheese Waffle and Tomato Bisque
Egg Pad Thai
Turkey pizza with gravy sauce
Viral video: Elephant massages woman with its trunk and feet – netizens are not amused - Times Now
cast iron Camembert
Twice baked potatoes
beef tenderloin steak
Cherry Tomato Galette with Parmigiano Reggiano
Made Some Hot Chocolate and Mocha Bombs!
Fideo.
mushroom risotto barbecue
Chinese Milk Bread - a perfect cloud.
Greek midopilafo
pickle brined fried chicken sandwich
Chicken, rice and vegetables
asian marinated pulled-chicken langosburger, topped with blanched carrots and enoki, caramelized shallots, avocado, cucumber and salad
Lilo &amp; Stich cake
Pork ramen and gyoza
Caprese Bites
bulgogi kimchi Fries
Beer battered walleye with spicy sauce made from mayo, chopped pickled hot peppers, dill pickles, and preserved lemons, on a toasted ciabatta bun
New York Style Cheese Pizza.
roasted duck with a revisited “a l’orange”
Croque Monsieur. Nothing better than Clogging your arteries with cheese.
confetti cookies with m&amp;m’s
peanut noodles
fried chicken and texas toast!
Tamales today!! Oh My Yummy!
Another smoked salmon
Chocolates with Yuzu pearls, raspberry, crema di pistacchio and dark chocolate shell
Ham Sandwich
"soupe Verte" - peas, spinach, kale, leek, mint, parsley, and chervil, with roasted mushrooms, egg, Parmigiano-Reggiano, and lemon crème fraîche.
Stuffed chicken breast (light pesto, Parmesan, prosciutto) &amp; spaghetti napoletana
Cappuccino in 5 minutes i drink 🤤🤤🤤🤤 pro chef
homemade headless vanilla snowman cake
Sourdough bread 🍞
Amazing Street Food Of India
Vegan Pizza
Peanut Butter Cheeseburger
https://ift.tt/2LPgzke
Pumpkin pie pancakes
New Year's Day Steak Pie
French Braised Chicken &amp; Sides
Fries with melted cheese
Pita, hummus, olives, tzatziki and lamb
Roasting Pan, Post Production
Madeleines are such a wonderful cookie? cake?
Smoked Salmon, citrus-poached Pear and Gorgonzola Quiche
Korean Fried Chicken Sandwich
- dried tomatoes
Mushroom Stew from Minecraft!
Chicken Piccata with Lemon Oregano Sauce.
Coffee Walnut Nutella Cupcake.
Beetroot Wellington
Bagel and lox for a fancy brunch.
Mac n' Cheese plus Cheese and Bacon
lions mane mushroom 'crab' cake
Beignets with Raspberry Sauce
https://ift.tt/2LPgzke
I made sauerkraut &amp; bacon pierogi :)
Sauteed Mushrooms
Spam Musubi
Chocolate Hazelnut Cheesecake.
chicken tarragon with roasted aubergine sugar snap peas and baked potato
Spicy Japanese Curry
Apple pie
Creme Brûlée brownie
chicken Fajitas
Beef Pad See Ew
Lasagna with Meat Sauce
Italian sub from a Little deli in a small Midwest town
Chocolate glazed Donuts
Bao buns I made!
moroccan sweet tagine
sandwich from Spanglish. It’s everything I thought it would be.
Chicken calamari skewer
'White Castle' sliders
My kind of drugs
Beef Roulades - Rolady/zrazy wołowe
Now that´s how you cut a watermlon!
seared scallops over a bed of quinoa and sauteed veg. With a white wine lemon caper sauce.
Bean, rice and cheese burrito
chorizo tacos
Chocolate ganache, Lemon meringue pie, Strawberry tiramisu and Earl Grey macarons
Smoked chicken wings and turkey legs
Smoked salmon
Pork Rinds
Kind of  KFC Rice Cooker Rice (Japan trend from 12/2019) with ginger scallion and sambal!
Smoked Brisket and Pork belly
Why food lockers are poised to be the next big thing in fast food - Business Insider
cheese raclette .
Chicken Thighs
Lemon pepper salmon, with Persian rice and salad Shirazi
Roasted pig belly with rice.
Nashville style burgers with fries
Thrice-baked chicken wings
Lara Jean’s cherry turnover.
"Oven Polenta with Roasted Mushrooms
https://ift.tt/3iURoJi
custard with toasted nuts and seeds, milk cheese, honey and sun-dried berries
Pizza Pepperoni |
Duck with Rowanberries..
Potato and beet bread w/parsley mayo
pork shoulder
Can’t go wrong with a breakfast platter
Tomato Toast with Ricotta and Basil!
Thin Crust Pest Pizza with Fennel and Cauliflower
Sautéed sesame noodles, roasted cashews, sugar snap peas, edamame beans with cucumber ribbons from GoodFood
Pork, veggie and wild mushroom fried rice.
Rice bowl w/ sunny side up egg
My 16th Birthday Cake!
Smoked pork rib bits.
Cinnamon Raisin Bread
Cast Iron Griddle Omelets
Chicken thighs in red wine sauce with saffron rice, baked sweet potato, asparagus, cucumber salad, and cauliflower soup.
Diet Food: Chicken pasta soup and toasted buttered bread. Tasted like crap tho.
Christmas cookie day!
Steak and mushrooms
Japanese beef Hayashi Rice
two kinds of bread.
pizza with baba ganoush and mushroom sauce as sauce and rabbit, bacon, pepper, corn and leek as ingredient. cheesy crust and cowboy candy on the side
burger in Durham
Double cheese burgers w/ homemade Mac sauce &amp; fries
Onigirazu with Okra &amp; Smoked Tofu
Berry muffins
sugar pies
Mushroom gravy smothered chicken
Chef salad i made at work.
baked sweet potato and chorizo enchiladas
Momo's (Nepalese dumplings)
Naleśniki (Polish pancake) with fruit and Nutella
pistachio ghribas and fruit salad
Ramen Broth Cubes.
Pigs in Blankets Sushi
Kneaded White Bread
Hickory smoked ribs!
Sourdough Pretzels
CNY Reunion dinner: Steamed fish, prawn, abalone, mushroom, sea cucumber
Corn Pudding
Russian Honey Cake
grilled cheese with fresh sourdough bread
Easy To Make Baked Blueberry Cheesecake
I have finally perfected The Roll
Chicken Katsu w/ Tonkatsu Sauce
Huevos Rancheros
Chocolate-banana Cupcakes
Seafood Cioppino
Homemade carrot dosa
Molten Chocolate Pie
Red bean mochi in herbal soup
a turish style toast
This was meant to be a  sourdough loaf, but I overproofed it. Did my best to salvage it as a flatbread! Came out alright all things considered
Pan seared Salmon in a butter with a slight touch of fresh dill and garlic. Served with an avacado, beetroot toast, fried egg and grilled tomatoes.
Creamy leeks and sweet onions topped with potatoes and cheese
Французский кофе
coq a vin
Smoked meat sandwich
nutritious and delicious eggplant pita
Black Angus ribeye, smoked bacon grease sautéed garlic Brussels, and 5 cheese mac (made with box mac noodles unfortunately)
Amazing Restaurant Style Chicken Chow Mein Recipe
A Simple Mr Whippy with a Flake and Fancy 'New forest' Cone
three layer cornbread
Pork belly burnt ends
a Sushi Assortment Box
passion fruit cheesecake for new year
Mushroom Swiss and stuffed bacon burgers with air fryer steak fries!
Long rise peasant bread toasted with Asiago and cheddar, sliced Campari tomato, tarragon black pepper pickled red onion. Otherside is toasted bread and cheese with a sunny side up egg (over easy-medium, well).
“BLUTH’S frozen banana with toasted coconut.
I cured and then smoked my own bacon
Celery and Dill Soup
Taiwanese Sesame Oil Chicken Soup with noodles
Orange Ricotta Cheesecake
Brown butter chocolate chip cookies with toffeed pecans.
Breakfast Hash
a fisherman’s platter; fried clams, shrimp and cod. With fries and Coleslaw.
Grilled Cheese, Tomato and Chicken Noodle Soup.
Shrimp Guacamole Salad
Tres Leches cake with a layer of dulce de leche, whipped cream, salted caramel drizzle, topped with cinnamon and 70% dark chocolate.
Spicy Buttermilk Fried Chicken Bao
Ratatouille Confit Byaldi
lobster grilled cheese with lobster bisque soup for dipping
Pork chops, smashed potatoes and creamy mushroom sauce
Caramalized Banana Pudding with Ginger Snap Base
Don't Judge
Pan-fried Pork Dumplings
Chicken Curry with Homegrown Tomatoes and Aloo Gobi
Hickory smoked chicken wings
Everything bagel with nova and cream cheese
Wagyu Sushi (和牛の握り寿司)
Fried Brie as the focus of my cheese board
Apple pie with crumb topping and caramel
History of Sake - Sake, also spelled saké (/ˈsɑːki, ˈsækeɪ/ SAH-kee, SAK-ay, also referred to as Japanese rice wine), is an alcoholic beverage made by fermenting rice that has been polished to remove the bran. I have been drinking this homemade for some times.
How to make  Korean Army Stew (Budae Jjigae)
Sunday Gravy
the Original Dry Fried Chicken.
Cardamom-Sugar Doughnuts with Saffron Custard Cream Filling
Triple Cheeseburger + Pork Belly &amp; Bacon
Cranberry jam and white chocolate cheesecake.
cottage pie
chocolate croissant bun
Prime NY steak, sous vide with mayo crust.
Butter-basted New York strip with green beans and Annie's Mac &amp; Cheese
eggs Benny inspired “sushi”
cheesecake topped with caramel and crushed almond
tuna salad
Delicious traditional Christmas food of Cyprus
Meat and potatoes
Chicken Parm with sauteed mushrooms and green peppers penne alfredo
Momma's Christmas Charcuterie Board
Ramen!
Milo milk cookies .
Prawn &amp; Salmon Burgers w/ Spicy Habanero Mayo
Holiday Pepperoni Pizza
Smoked Ham and Pimento cheese Sandwich
Childhood memory food
I made sushi, how did I do?
Korean BBQ French Fries
Filet W/ red wine reduction, arugula and roasted beet salad w/whipped goat cheese and roasted potatoes
Soon Tofu
Havarti Cheese Swirl  puff pastry
PorkChopSunday!
Candy apples
Garlic Shrimp Taco with Salsa Macha!
Meatloaf with Tomato, Apricot and Chipotle Glaze
Curry with self made naan
Falafel
Mini Naan pizzas
spiced pear and caramel pudding cake
Gnocchi with pesto made fromy garden!
Brown Butter Pumpkin Bread (x-post)
this delicious smash burger.
squid ink black ramen.
Smoked salmon on a crispy hash brown with dill sour cream
Creamy garlic spinach pork chops
$1 taco Friday!
Biden Says He Agrees That Vladimir Putin Is A "Killer": Report - NDTV
Fresh tomato shakshuka
onion soup mix chicken
miso soup with seared pork belly
Smash burger and homemade bun
Birthday cake 🤗
Black Forest ham, egg, red I onion and goat cheddar on an everything bagel.
Pizza with a side of dERP!
Eggs Benny with Hash
Penne alla vodka con salmone
Chocolate Covered Oatmeal Cookies
Ugly crust Pumpkin Pie!
Paper
Pho for cold days
Falafel Bowl
Penne Rosa with Meatballs
Tuscan chicken
Filipino Hotsilog (Hot Dog, Garlic Fried Rice and Egg)
BBQ Teriyaki Wings
Latkes with applesauce and sour cream, cold smoked salmon, and seedless red grapes.
bacon, sausage, egg, cheese on an English muffin
https://g.page/cafe-sky?share  shahi omlet @cafesky pune must try
Fried Chapulines
Shoyu grilled Iberia abanico n vegetable fried rice
"" Christmas Prime Rib. 5 hours at 175 10 minutes at 500 after 30 minute rest.
Freestyle lasagna with fresh pasta, ricotta, mozzarella and bolognese.
Peking Roast Duck
Everything Bagel with Lox
Pinnekjøtt - the beginning
Frito Pie
the “Fat Hot Chick” @ Fat Sal’s
Quick and Easy Puran Poli Recipe at Home | Maharashtrian Sweet Poli | How to make holiage | obbattu
Cheese tandoori momos ❤️
No churn Biscoff ice cream
New Year's Eve Shabu Shabu for 2
Custard Peach Pie
Chicken and potatoes
How to Use a Creme Brulee Torch
A mini pizza on Italian bread
yukon gold potatoes and pork roll hash with dropped eggs
sourdough pizza with chicken sausage and basil.
Japanese Curry Buns
Challah (6 braid)
Typical Japanese Breakfast
Salmon Tacos
Levain Bakery Style Chocolate Chip Cookies
Moroccan-style shakshouka and Moroccan mint tea
Prawns
Cast iron skillet pineapple upside-down cake
Started cooking for myself today, i made some basic pasta aglio e olio
Roasted Chicken with Zucchini and Broccoli
gooey Toblerone and m&amp;m brownie!
Shrimp Scampi Quesadilla and Queso with store bought tortilla chips
My Beef Wellington for NYE
potato wedges and crushed potatoes cooked in duck fat
Mac &amp; Cheese! With 3 Cheeses &amp; Kielbasa!
Mussel and scallop rissoto
5 lbs slow braised brisket
Garlic butter scallops with lemon and parsley baked sides
Pumpkin and Chorizo Pasta with roasted broccoli and zucchini
Ramen w/pork belly, spinach, corn, beansprouts, and pickled eggs.
Whole roasted sheephead mushrooms
Spaghetti with Meatballs
Sesame Chicken with Steamed Broccoli
lychee fruit
Slime cakes with themed fruit monsters
Wagyu beef cheeks in red wine sauce and mashed potato
Turkey potato tomato soup
pumpkin cheesecake
Chicken &amp; vegetables stew, rice and salad
Homemade Star Crunch
Brioche burger with scrambled eggs and cheddar.
Attempt at Ratatouille
Maple Gingerbread Scones with Maple Glaze
Jalapeño and peperoni Pizza
Christmas Dinner Toastie with Turkey, Brie, Stuffing, Rocket and Cranberry sauce
Torta Toluqueña with Milanesa de Res, Chorizo, Cheese, Avocado, Jalapeños, Refried Beans
Herd you guys like smash burgers ?
cinnamon buns, one half vegan the other half standard
No turning back from sous vide marrow
Bacon &amp; Bourbon Chocolate Chip Cookies
Pakistan unlikely to exit ‘grey list’ as FATF meets to decide its fate: Report - Hindustan Times
Urad Dal
French toast with apples and caramel
Edible Paper that I designed to look like loose leaf, than wrote the words. A letter to the kids from Santa!!
My attempt at Dirty burger and pizza fries. Made by yours truly 😊
Chicken fry recipes
Little Piggy's Hungry ❤️
Vegetarian Thai curry with sweet potatoes and chickpeas :)
Mulled blueberry preserves infused with fresh rosemary
Spaghetti with Fresh Tomato Meat Sauce
tacos de birria
Veggies and pasta in a cheesy bechamel.
Shrimp and butter grits with andouille sausage
adult lunchable
Texas bbq Quail stuffed with andouille sausage and rice, dressed with arugula and carrots
spinach and ricotta tortellini with pancetta
I tried my best to make an omelette for dinner
Chocolate, pecan, and persimmon cookies
White Sauce Macaroni
seafood platter
Half a chicken, Roasted Carrots and Mash &amp; Gravy
Would you like beef with your  onion burger? In/Out attempt 01
Loaded Vegetarian Rice Bowl (More info in comments)
Home-made baked horchata cheese cake
Stacked Chicken &amp; Bacon BBQ Nachos
Biscoff Babka from Dessert Person
Carrot pancake topped with hummus and an orange and feta salad
Cast iron Chicago style sausage and spinach pizza.
Chicken teriyaki with cabbage salad and rice
Classic Eclairs
spinach and cheese pizza
Made this for Valentine’s Day and  the entire thing
CAKE DAY CHEESECAKE
The alpha egg roll
Beer Battered Catfish w/ homemade tartar sauce
Sucuk with Eggs on bread with gouda
Toad In The Hole
Gogi and Waffles
lechon belly platter
chimchurri chicken wings, with a side of simple mash potatoes , and French style green beans 👨‍🍳
First  sourdough loaf from a seventeen year old starter
Spiced Pickles
I run out of bread so - eggs with cheese, vegetarian ham, onion and cherry tomatoes in a puff pastry.
Ginger Cake
Egg Sandwich
Sourdough melt with leftover ham, swiss cheese, grillos pickles, sauerkraut, and enough dijon to singe a walrus’ nosehairs.
Chili con carne☺️
Stuffed Crust Cheese and Supreme
Spinach Lasagna
Open-faced brunch sandwich:smoked salmon, hummus, red onion, and capers) w/ optional spicy eggs
Steak dinner for my love's birthday
: Breakfast of sausage patty, egg, Munster cheese, English muffin.
Tiết lộ thực đơn giảm cân thần tốc trong 7 ngày - Hotchland Nutrition
pizza margherita
Chicken Katsu Curry with Thai Sticky Rice
"Baked" Veggie Nuggets!
gnocchi and chicken cutlet for a quarantine Valentine’s Day dinner 💕
birthday orange cheesecake
Varsity expels students whose video went viral - The News International
Seafood risotto. Made with shrimp and mussels. I made this for dinner tonight.
Pita, the cat decided to "help"
My chicken sandwich with  sourdough buns. Happy Fryday.
Chcolate Cream Meringue Tower
pasta
You can still enjoy a cozy,  quality dinner at home during quarantine. Just try to make something different (chicken breast with maple syrup &amp; soy sauce)
Dutch baby pancake, berries, maple syrup, whipped cream
Tabbouleh with Chicken Gyros
Batman cake
Saw a deep dish here and had to post the one I made with mozzarella sticks.
Shockingly healthy, organic, dark chocolate graham cracker popcorn
this perfect little meat + veggie steamed bun with ponzu
-Macaroni and Cheese
Andhra Special | రాజోరి కోడి కూర ।Spicy chicken curry recipe | Good Vibes
Karachi style prawn biryani
Pizza!
strawberry covered brownies. My kind of self-care
Steak Tacos
chicken biryani
Stuffed Pork Roast
Cookie Monster Chocolate Cupcakes
17 hour smoked brisket
Beef and Barley French Onion Soup
christmas cookies
Chelsea buns
peanut butter brownie
Beef filet and veal stock reduction
gluten free chicago style pizza
Pla Nam Manow
Cast Iron Grilled Cheese
Home alone on thanksgiving(thanks a lot covid). Doing a non traditional thanksgiving feast. Filet mignon and applewood cured bacon.
Beyond Meat CheeseBurgers
Koji Aged American Wagyu Strip
Dry Brined, Rosemary, Lemon and Garlic Roast Chicken
What Food Causes Inflammation? - Psychiatric Times
How to make best vegetarian moussaka recipe - shop2plus
Oreo Mint Cheesecake for my channel - Really proud of this one!
Japanese curry chicken with sake
, Vegitable Nudloos
Vodka pasta
Babish's baked mac and cheese
Scallops, beet blueberry mint vinegarette, quick pickled edamame, roasted beet, and seared shallot.
A 100% vegan cheese and charcuterie board. Was a huge hit!
Assorted Donuts
Mongolian Beef and Noodles
Porterhouse New York strip with sautéed mushrooms finished in red wine, lobster tail, and roasted asparagus with lemon and parmesan
Easy Shrimp Quiche - Finnish Recipe
Challah Bread
https://ift.tt/36hidC6
VEGAN EGG FRIED RICE
Cheeseburger &amp; Cajun Fries
Reverse sear filet, mushrooms, and butternut squash. This is my self care treat today. I’m not ashamed to admit, today was tough for me. It’s ok, not to be ok, and steak helps :)
Mushroom Peas curry and Jeera Rice. Anyone for indian recipe??
avocado with small pit
Thanksgiving Birria Nachos
stuff rao fish
Panettone test
Lemon Parm Orzo with Aspragus and Spinach.
Chocolate Bundt cake with chocolate ganache and whipped cream
Crab cakes, fried green tomatoes, and spinach salad with goat cheese and jalapeño honey vinaigrette.
Hawaiian Kalua Pork &amp; Cabbage
Variety fudge boxes for my friends and family
Fire Roasted Salsa
Mozzarella sticks
This waffle Cooper sharpe chees and bacon sandwich with syrup!! 😋
Grilled Octopus with Chimichurri and Pea Purée
The Perfect Homemade Apple Pie https://ift.tt/3iklg1f
Bourdaloue tart, Opéra cake, Lemon and Hazelnut choux and Chocolate molten cake
A chicken stir-fry I made for dinner today!
this half-sausage, half-spinach pizza
Bacon+Maple Breakfast Sausage, Egg, Cheese on Everything Bagel
cured my own pastrami and put it on focaccia with spicy ranch and pickles.
Penne with Meat Sauce &amp; Aged Cheddar
reverse seared tomahawk, cooked med-rare. Support local farmers!
matcha, vanilla, and cholesterol ice cream with marshmallows
Star Anise Soufflé
Meatball spaghetti with olives, feta and sundried tomatoes
Grilled cheese on freshly baked white bread
Getting my mise en place ready for beef stew.
Shrimp scampi on spaghetti noodles with buttered, garlic rubbed, toasted sourdough bread with Parmesan cheese
Fried eggs and bacon with Viandox underlayer
milchreiss
Palm sugar caramel -glazed baby back ribs with broccoli and fried rice
Squid ink pasta, seared salmon with a mushroom and cream sauce.
chicken ramen soup
Spinach with sausage, fried egg and boiled potatos
with my eyes. Thank the Reddit algorithmic gods for giving me a frozen McRib post right above an ad for the McRib
Texas French Toast with Smoked Bacon
Bourbon pecan pies and cranberry orange bread. I baked them to drop off for family/friends, since we are social distancing this Thanksgiving 🦃
porketta, mushrooms, peppers, scallions, broccoli rabe, and provolone
Stuffed croissant breakfast
stuffed potatoes
Brisket burger, old bay and lobster hollandaise, micro greens, on a grilled brioche. SurfnBurger.
Half Pepperoni Half Chicken Pesto Artichoke Heart Pizza
Brown Butter Chocolate Chip Cookies
mulled wine
avocado tomato egg and cheese breakfast sandwich on fresh homemade focaccia
Petit Pain with gruyère
Flat Iron Steak, Cilantro Lime Rice and Soy Glazed Green Beans
Smoked rib roast
Fresh German Pretzels (Laugenbrezeln)
Walnut and Raisin Levain-style cookie
a delicious cake !!!
एकदम रेस्टोरेंट स्टाइल गोबी मंचूरियन | Gobi Manchurian Recipe | Crispy R...
Cioppino
Fried Chicken Sandwich with sweet potato waffle fries
Sirloin, giant garlic parmesan risotto, mushrooms in gravy, apple bacon brussels, and charred bok choy.
Pea, za’atar &amp; feta fritters
My Grandmas Cheesy Chicken Casserole
Roasted, spatchcocked chicken.
chicken Margherita pizaa
Steak and Ale Pie
Condensed-milk pudding
We made a surprise picnic on my friend’s birthday. 😋
ribs in Cluj Napoca, Romania
lobster and filet mignon “sushi”
Ranchero chicken nachos.
sushi platter w/ king crab, cured red prawns and salmon. Fried nori sheets on the side
Dessert with caramel, biscuit, almonds &amp; walnuts
orange 🍊 cake
Some people have turkey on Thanksgiving. We in this household have  LASAGNA!
Pastel de nata with coffee.
Carmel Apple French Toast
Corn bread
Slow Cooked Indian Butter Chicken
Grilled Chicken Caesar Salad
Pepperoni, Smoked Mozz &amp; Roasted Cherry Tomato Flatbread Pizza
Tartlets with apples and cream diplomat
Trick or treat cookie: chocolate chip cookie base with M&amp;Ms, Reese’s Cups and Pieces, Kit Kat’s, mini chocolate chips and a sprinkle of sea salt.
Arabic style egg n' veggies
American Wagyu Sirloin and Lemon Potatoes
Sri Lankan hoppers
a chocolate mouse mother of pearl with a lilikoi passionfruit glaze... dawg
Lemon Blueberry Bread
This  fried beetroot pasta with parmigiana served on a crocodile 🐊 !!
pizza w/ onions and mushrooms
fluffy pancakes.
Granny's snail &amp; Rabbit paella
crazy dried anchovies 😜
Molten Chocolate Lava Cake
Pan roasted Peking duck breast a l’orange with braised Belgian endive
Red beans and rice
Pane Bianco with fresh green and purple basil, roasted tomatoes, mozzarella and garlic.
Sichuan quenelles per Lady and Pups
Banana flower salad with pork and prawns.
Buttery, flaky brie and chicken pot pie w/ side crispy, cajun potatoes
WooBoi Hot Fried Chicken Sandwich
Pancakes with coffee
Any one fancy these
Crunchy Birria tacos
Asian milk buns filled with curried potato - some with cheese, some without.
cheese bagel
Chinese lemon chicken
Watercress and Arugula Salad
Almond Raspberry Curd Cake
Jewish Apple cake
Gordon Ramsay's Roasted Beef Wellington from Gordon Ramsay's Hell's Kitchen
French toast
Shrimp Tempura with Rice
breaky on point
BBQ burger
Chicken Tikka Masala
I took a bite of my apple and it looks like a heart :)
Maple Bacon
Stroopwafel
CHICHARRÓN PREPARADO
Slow braised lamb shank with vegetable ragu and champ (mashed potato, mustard and spring onions)
salsa verde hot sauce with roasted tomatillos, home grown green ghost peppers, green habaneros, poblanos, Anaheim peppers, garlic, and balsamic caramelized onions.
scallops, lobster tails, 2 cuts of Japanese Wagyu, foie gras, and caviar.
Drumsticks cheese stuffed
Lox on toasted bagels with capers, tomato, red onions and cream cheese.
My MIL Won’t Stop Feeding My Kids Secret Junk Food - Slate
spicy chicken and peppers
Pastrami sandwich
Thin crust Buffalo Chicken pizza with Wisconsin brick &amp; pepper jack cheese and a ranch buffalo sauce layer.
Chilli with cornbread
Peeled vegetables pizza with garlic oil
Korean Doughnuts! So so good! 🤤
What could better than Crispy potatoes, smothered in gooey egg yolk and drizzled with a spicy chili oil and is also stupidly easy to make? I can't think of anything lol. This recipe make a killer breakfast or a satisfying light dinner.
Chocolate, raspberry, pistachio "COVID-19" cake.
Lox bagel sandwich
arugula/spinach salad w/ red onion, goat cheese, strawberries, almond slivers &amp; cukes
Chili cheese Fries and Chili cheese burgers
Stuffed eggplant and mash potatoes
Parmesan garlic chicken wings
Breakfast!!!!
the Thai Breaker and Kimchi Dog
Pastrami, bacon, Monterey Jack cheese, onions, tomatoes, lettuce, pepperonicis, mayo, and mustard on Dutch Crunch
beyond meat egg rolls
Salmon in a tomato, spinach sauce.
Horizontal Frisco melt triple cheeseburger
Sirloin, Asparagus, Baked potato
Roast chicken dinner
Chapagetti
Shrimp lettuce wraps with nước chấm and crispy rice
Chicken Soup with Grilled Cheese Sandwich
Japanese Curry with Rice
Sweet breakfast
cupcakes with a Thanksgiving theme
mochi donuts.
Reverse-seared venison tenderloin, garlic roasted potatoes, sauteed zucchini and onions
Spaghetti and Turkey Meatballs
Brioche Buns Topped With Black Lava Salt.
Lightly breaded cod with fries and veg
Roasted Cornish Hen
Halloween themed boba with ube syrup, oatmilk, and Hojicha.
Thai Basil Shrimp
Grilled Tri Tip, Baked Sweet Potato and Oven Roasted Brussels Sprouts with Maple Glaze and (light) Cayenne
Hot smoked salmon with celeriac mash, kale and carrots.
Gırbaç recipe. How to make the famous Cyprus Gırbaç dessert?
ribeye, roasted potatoes, garlic roasted tomatoes, simple arugula salad
Pumpkin bread rolls
Cheesy Monaco Pizza Bites|How to make Monaco Pizza bites|Crunchy Pizza(with&amp; without oven)
These tacos  in Albuquerque
Thai Waterfall Beef
Mussel Stew
Veggie Lovers Pizza 🍕
carnitas tacos with salsa verde and chicharron salsa
French Toast with lemon curd.
Vegan scallops
from this pumpkin: cacao nib roasted pepitas and curry pumpkin &amp; carrot soup with leeks caramelized in maple sugar.
Lemon blueberry pound cake
Cozonac = Christmas dessert from Romania 🇷🇴
A platter of chicken shwarma, rice, falafel, and hummus
spinach pasta aglio e olio
Three Layer Magic Cake
My french fries
I ate buffalo chicken nachos
Chicken Pho with Crispy Chicken
Chicago Style Sausage and Mushroom Deep Dish Pizza
Prime Rib Fajitas
Spiral Cut Ham Was On Sale
Zucchini noodle with turkey meat pasta with home grown zucchini, tomatoes, and Serrano peppers.
Uni budget doesn’t have to mean bad food.
smoked Sesame Chicken Wings
Steak Sinatra and asparagus
Salsa
#ZeeReadersPoll2020: Arrival of COVID vaccines will end pandemic
Lava Cake
Classic Christmas Evening Feast
Ingredients for My Homemade Mole
Maple-glazed City Ham
Fresh crusty white bread straight out of the oven
Dinosaur chicken nuggets with yukon gold mashed potatoes and chicken gravy
Chocolate truffles
Red curry
Classic Shepherd’s Pie with a McCain Cake Top
Green pea soup
scrambled eggs
Mixed meat kabobs, veggie kabobs, jalapeño poppers and fried potato wedges.
A proposal in Russia ..
Stir Fried Chicken and Broccoli with Rice
Spicy Chicken Sandwiches with crispy spicy tenders
"Mini Cheesecakes" . What do you think of her video?
Peter Butter cup Sundae!
Breakfast bagel ife
I was eating Cheeto Balls and I realized it looked like a flower
Chocolate Chip
Bread with pears
Creamy mushroom cavatappi
christmas dinner
Cajun Red Snapper with pineapple salsa.
Chili Shrimp sup. Lunch at my cousin's home and I took the photo before I start.
Chicken Tacos with Mole Sauce
what is vitamin C good for?
Grilled Marinated Chicken with Rice
Sushi (Salmon skin, avocado, carrot, mushroom) and Salmon.
Cheesesteak Sandwiches
Lugaw. A coggee with ginger, onions, garlic, boiled eggs and spring onions.
One pot chicken casserole.
Sausage &amp; mushroom Pizza
Mac‘n‘cheese
sushi 🍣
Nalli Biryani Recipe/Beef Nalli Biryani Recipe/Beef Biryani by Chef Faizan Ahmed/Chef Secret Recipes
crescent rolls
a plate full of sea food at a friend's wedding in Goa. How many of you like it? Comment below👇
Crab stuffed Maine Lobster
Peanut Butter Chocolate Chip Cookies
skirt steak, potato, bell pepper, onion
Sesame Seed Challah
Soup with Cucumbers and Herbs
Candy Apples
Mini Emoji sugar cookies
Nasi Lemak
I wish all females a happy Woman's day
Whoever Smelt it dealt it. House stinks like Greek food, but def worth it
Double ShackBurger
Who's Ready For Breakfast? French toast, farm eggs, smoked bacon, baby kiwis, papaya, strawberries, blueberries
I made these lovely brownies today because it's weekend. I combined chocolate and caramels in one whole serving. Who loves nuts? #WhatTheFudge!
10-Ingredient Brownie Recipe for Beginners (Best Homemade Brownies)
one of the the USA's Best Hamburgers?
Burger!
Cheesy mutton sandwich
Aussie Steak Burger with cheese.
supreme pizza sausage pepperoni mushroom green pepper, onions and olives..Chicago tavern style
egg yolk burger
NY Strip with grilled asparagus &amp; potato salad
Chicken Adobo
Smoked Italian Meatball Wellington! Link in comments.
Smoked bunless burger
Barbecue beef sandwich
Phō with skirt steak
Barramundi Thai Yellow Curry with Coconut Rice
Apple crumble with apples from the tree in my garden
Authentic Japanese! Small plates &amp; Sharable Portion sizes
Penne All’Arrabbiata
love my mom's pierogis
Blue Vanilla Cake
Spaghetti and Texas Toast
Sausage Rolls with crushed chilli and black pudding.
India vs England 2nd Test: Virat Kohli's India seek redemption on rank turner
chebureki A.K.A. Russian Empanadas
Gnocchi with marinara
Make Unagi Don at home (grilled eel)
Chicken Parmigiana
Octopus with garlic and mushrooms
Pan seared ribeye, potato wedges and green beans wrapped in bacon
Everything Sandwich
Sour Cream Pound Cake
Gnocchis
easiest and most delicious rolled pizza ever!
A Midwest staple - chili and a cinnamon roll.
I grilled a tri-tip. The family was happy
fermented half sours
Cioppino
Shrimp Roll
Burgers with gruyere, caramelized onions, mushrooms, spinach, and garlic truffle aioli. Also cheese and charcuterie.
Italian sausage pizza, hot honey drizzle
Philadelphia Roll w/Spicy Mayo
Batata Harra
“Burning chicken “ in Seoul
Icecream 3 ways
ice cream cake
Pineapple, clémentine &amp; carrot juice
traditional falafel
Roastbeef
Smoked Pork Butt
Chicken Thigh Teriyaki Bowl
Sunny side up eggs
Croque Monsieur &amp; French Onion Soup
STOLLEN ! Christmas dessert
Birthday Breakfast: Splendid Benedict and French toast.
Miso soup with clams
"Traditional Korean Breakfast" of Triangle Kimbap and a Monster Energy Drink
pizza❤️
Bonda Bajji Recipe in Telugu ఈ బోండా బజ్జి బ్రేక్ఫాస్ట్ ని ఈజీగా 10 నిమిషాల్లో తయారు చేసుకోవచ్చు
Ham hock hash with a poached egg
not sure what to call it. Kinda stir fry
Stoofvlees or Flemish Stew
Sushi Rolls!
My sisters  strawberry cheesecake for X-mas dinner
AYCE sashimi in shanghai
Bob’s burger
Bolognese Pasta
Matzoh Ball Soup
Jerk chicken with salmon Rasta pasta 🍝😋
Dosa and chuney
with Henny toooooo💯😉🤌🏾
Blue box mac n cheese, but made with 2 packets of cheese
Dom bakery’s cronut FOTM pistachio ganache with cherry jam
charcuterie, steak and sausage!
Spooky muffins for Halloween!
Japanese meat with rice and egg.
boiled eggs with tsp olive oil,Cilantro, sal,pepper, cucumber with salt, pastrami salmon, and green tea.
nice charcuterie board
chicken fries with seasoning, and cacık with dried mint
Hot chocolate bomb with a mini bomb of Baileys Irish cream
Chocolate Peanut Butter Oat Bar
couscous, roasted carrots and chicken with sour cream, mozzarella cheese and parsley
Chocolate Cupcakes with Pumpkin Cakepop Toppers
steak sandwich with a tomato-pepper relish and mustard aioli
Cinnamon rolls
Ribeye and T bone steaks
Spicy Thai Beef Drunken Noodles With Delicious Pan Fried Spring Rolls
Beef pan stew. It was actually pretty bomb
Sourdough loaves with Lockdown starter
Mom deviling eggs, got a double
Salmon steak on vegetable tabouli
7 hour smoked pulled pork with homemade jalepeno like coleslaw
Sourdough chocolate chip cookies
Ceviche with imitation crab
Instant Pot Birria Tacos
Sensex, Nifty look listless
Roasted cauliflower with Asian sauce over rice with green onion and s seads
Feta and Sundried Tomato &amp; Onion and Parmesan Soda Bread
royal icing decorated sugar cookie
Steak tacos and guacamole
Lamb Chilli w/ rice
Made beef Wellington. Turned out great
tomato caprese salad
Spicy Tori Ramen
Rainbow Macaroni
Chicken stir-fry served with jasmine rice (not shown)
Coffee Bean cookies and cousins
French Toast and Bacon
Seared Pork Tenderloin Medalions on Sweet Potato Puree with Sauteed Parmesean and Garlic Herb Broccoli, Mushrooms, and Onions.
After video goes viral Man booked for ‘promoting enmity, insulting religious feelings’ - The Indian Express
Brioche, creamy white wine garlic and thyme mushrooms
Omelette wrap by my Mum
Bbq pork low carb tortilla pizza
My Challah Bread
Pappardelle alla Fiesolana
Sweet potato and duck meat lasagna
some smoked pork
Panettone (or Pan de Pascua)
I never post here, but here’s Chicken Tikka Masala, and a simple yogurt raita w/ rice and naan (from a store nearby).
Cast Iron pan pizza with Anchovy, garlic, capers, and piquillo peppers, and a duckfat baked crust
perogies in dinosaur shape.
irish stew
strawberry tart
Home Smoked Bacon &amp; Cheddar Ranch Omelet
Steamy
Vegan Burger
Learning - Bo Ssam (Pork Shoulder) &amp; Crispy Pork Belly (with homemade slaw, lettuce wraps, and various accoutrements)
TUNA PIZZA
chicken Francese + garlic mozzarella broccoli bread
Mexican cheesesteak &amp; rice
I've been cooking this soy and wheat meatballs because I recall how my grandmother used to did it. What do you think? Did I cooked right?
Salami and Jalapeño Pizza
Kiss Cookies
Pan seared lamb shoulder, broccoli-slaw, oven sweet potato fries :)
Pumpkin Ravioli with Sage, Hazelnuts and Brown Butter Sauce
Ground pork cheeseburger in a brioche bun with fries and coleslaw
French onion soup. One of my spouse's favorites that I made today.
Just 40 light years away, 7 Earth-like planets with similar compositions - Business Standard
8.5hr Creamy Chicken Soup
saus vide lamb steak with pears in red wine, cream of turnip, and grilled asparagus.
My favourite egyptian food
Japanese (American) New Year food
Cheeseburger and Fries
This Turkish restaurant is #GOATED 🔥🥰
Apple Cider-Braised Pork Belly with Roasted Chestnuts, Cabbage, Zucchini, and Apple Butter
unstuffed peppers
Banana and dark chocolate marbré cake.
fried green tomatoes and mozzarella in honey balsamic and olive oil.
Perfecting our homemade Pizza!
cheesecake :)
Lovely white loaf, using refermented dough...
Cashew satay, coriander, portobello, capsicum, butter beans, potato.
Ribeye, Mashed Potatoes and Corn
From my birthday dinner back in September. Breaded fried shrimp, toasted garlic bread , mashed potatoes &amp; gravy, steak tips, broccoli, corn on the cob, &amp; Tiramisu.
Puffy pastry tartlet with faux egg, ham and cheese
moist dark choco cake topped with soya bacon and almond slices
Scallop Risotto
Irish French Onion Soup with Irish Soda Bread
made some Baileys infused chocolate cake this evening.
Shrimp Tempura Sushi
buttermilk fried chicken nuggets and crinkle cut russet air fryer fries
Teishoku (a japanese set meal). A salad with A Miso and carrot salad dressing, pickled daikon, miso soup, Tempura and dip, and Chicken teriyaki
soft crusty bread made with just 3 ingredients and no kneading..
all the sushi!
Fried chicken. Just discovered that if you use tonic water in the batter of fried chicken, it comes out super crispy.
Ribeye &amp; Egg Salad
Mocha swirl cheesecake
Hamburger soup
Chocolate Babka
Sushi platter
Pan pizza with sausage slices, eggs, jalapenos, mozzarella and capers
spaghetti with pine nuts and baked tomatoes
Apple Cinnamon Rolls
Houston-based Mexican-Asian fusion food truck Coreanos to open new location in Spring - KPRC Click2Houston
Aish sa-Saraya Dessert. Yum
French Brioche au caramel et glace
Bagel assortment. Sesame, poppyseed, everything, and pizza blend with cheese.
Crusted rack of lamb, lump crab mushroom risotto, and asparagus.
Southern fried chicken
Smoked beef tenderloin in a white wine portobello mushroom gravy with bacon wrapped asparagus &amp; grilled sweet peppers
Cakeday Breakfast
Sous Vide Steak
strips of baked and pan-fried potatoes
Tikka Lamb Burger
focaccia art for the feed
bunch of stuff I have cooked up
Tortellini Alfredo in Bologna, Italy
Dutch Baby pancake
Spicy Korean Fried Chicken
Friend made this danish applecake
Big Mac style fried chicken sandwich
Not sure if someone has done this before, but I just made a BLT combined with a ham sandwich
local Mexican restaurant has amazing fried Avocado wedges
Everything and Cinnamon Raisin Bagels
Pork-belly and Gyoza. Cheated and bought the gyoza but the belly was all me.
Pork shoulder cooked for 6 hours
Sorry for quality its chicken stock with carrots onions spinach patato noodles and chicken
Look good or na
speculoos donut
Pumpkin spice macarons
New England Style Clam Chowder

Cheesy Tom- basil pesto, fresh mozz, tomato &amp; turkey bacon
prime rib roast
Extremely Deep Cast Iron Pepperoni
Pesto Grilled Cheese Sandwich.
croissant pronti
Double Chocolate Cookie Dough Brownies
16" pep from last night
Berries filled French toast
Thanksgiving Turkey Cake
Peppermint mocha cupcakes.
Beef Sliders!
wheat-rye bread
Uncured Bacon Hybrid Ramen
thanksgiving plate!
Made Washington state oysters 5 ways today; raw on the half shell w/ lemon and hot sauce (pictured), steamed w/ the same, steamed w/ just lemon, steamed w/ lemon and garlic butter, and breaded and pan fried in garlic butter. Delicious! What’s your favorite seafood? Show me pictures!
Astoundin’ Reverse Sear NY Strip
Cajun grilled swordfish, fried halibut, fries, onion rings and cole slaw. She ate a seafood feast of fried shrimp, scallops and whole clams. And the tomato slices on my plate.
Italian Pane Turano Sandwich w/ Grilled Tofu Strips, Mushrooms, Tomatoes, Banana Peppers, Lettuce, Mayo &amp; Microgreens
Cranberry &amp; orange scones
Homemade Harvest Bread, Beef/Bison Meatloaf Sandwich with Spicy Tomato Jam, Mozza &amp; Greens (Cannabis Infused Butter)
crock madman
TikTok grandma goes viral for enthusiastic cooking videos - TODAY
After 8 hours of simmering,  homemade French Onion Soup
Mmmm. Shakshuka.
Wine-braised lamb shank, honey-glazed rainbow carrots, and parsnip purée with roasted vegetable gravy.
traditional English Sunday roast with roast beef, crispy potatoes, vegetables, real gravy and Yorkshire pudding.
We got bored, made a bloody mary. Yes, that is a lunchables pizza tower.
Skor Cookies
Carrot cake  Garlic bread
Pasta al Forno - Italian Recipe
Sourdough pizza with fresh cheese and tomatoes from the market.
pulled pork sliders
Did a private dinner for 6 the other day, this was Dessert: Triple Chocolate Cheesecake
I used to burn everything a few months ago, so proud of my cooking now :’)
PAW BHAJI.
ALL the  Christmas cookies...with my quality control specialist ensuring only the best make it through :)
Pork sausage rolls and chips
Caprese salad with homegrown Tomatoes and basil
Banana Bundt Cake
Fried chicken and cornbread/jalapeño/cheddar waffles, with honey butter, black pepper maple, with a carrot, apple, and jicama slaw.
potatoes two ways
Spinach and cheese scrambled eggs with bacon sausage and toast with ghee.
Two chuck roasts, left air dried one week, right one day, left was three pounds, right two and a quarter. As it dries all its flavor condenses, gets sweeter, and slices easier for eating raw as I often do.
Bulgogi beef and broccoli bowl.
Scotch Fillet
chicken butterfly
gnocchi and meatballs in red sauce
Bread
3-Ingredient Shortbread Cookies Recipe
- Hot donuts with cinnamon and sugar
Pesto with Penne Pasta, Cherry Tomatoes &amp; Freshly Grated Parmesan
ribs
Meatball sub with homemade meatballs and sauce.
fried chicken. Is this crispy enough for you!
nutrition dates and nut ladoo
San Choy Bow with crispy rice noodles and Pomegranate Roasted Duck with Stir-fry Noodles (for Lunar New Year ✨)
My video for YouTube! Homemade holiday treats
prepping the beast. Tomahawk steak.
egg salad sandwich
Butter Chicken, rice and garlic naan
Sous Vide Chick Tender 130F
fry noodles very delicious
lasagna as requested by the bf
Mesquite Smoked Baby Back Ribs
Egg sandwich with cucumber, tomatoes, ham, mayonnaise and ketchup
Blackened red snapper
Filet Mignon, Lobster Tail, and Spaghetti Alfredo
grilled Hawaiian roll bun with egg, bacon, steak and cheese.
Vegetarian Ramen
- Phoque au Vin: hunted seal loin braised in Burgundy wine over mashed potatoes.
"" Order Online For Best Pizza Near You l Papa Murphy's
Seafood Molcajete
Granny's apple pie
The simplicity of a Caesar Salad
Apple Mug Cake
Fried Rice with Spicy Mayo!
Pan Fried 24-Layer Lasagna
Sundays are for brunch!  Crescent roll breakfast ring.
German Pepper Nut Cookies (Pfeffernussen)
Homemade pork pozole by my Nana and Mom
Made a Charcuterie table for my birthday dinner party the other day.
Grilled Ocean Perch w/ veg and salad
Honeycomb Bee Cake 🐝
macadamia nut and coconut pie
Shrimp Lo Mein
Beard Guy Eats Tacos!!
Pasta e Faigioli
Chipotle baby back ribs
Beef Pho
#nobu  salmon and caviar tartare at nobu
hot pot for 2
Roasted Veggies
HOW TO MAKE SPINACH AND BEEF SALAD
Hemp flour and spirulina powder dough (Before and after )
Snack board!
Turkey arrabbiata

Shrimp ceviche with avocado, mango, cucumber, red onion, tomato, a bit of hot pepper, cilantro and lime juice.
Best Motivational Urdu Quotations ||""|| Aqwaal e Zareen in U...
Egg and mushroom burger
Chicken Korma and Butter Chicken
mini buttercream succulent cakes
Chuck roast cooked with an immersion circulator (Sous vide method)
Cajun Sunday went well 🙏 🌶🔥 rice, beans, and crispy chicken
blackberry braised ribs on a bed of golden beets &amp; ricotta smear, with golden mushrooms &amp; an arugula salad
two kinds of pumpkin cookies and oatmeal pumpkin bars
Pork Loin Chop and Red Lentil Pasta Salad with Smoked Paprika Vinaigrette
Char Siu Fried rice
smoked turkey broth
roast chicken soup and English muffins
Sirloin Steak Ramen
Orange Chicken with Carrot Rice
BBQ pulled pork sandwich
I made Beef Wellington
“S*x in a Pan” Pudding Dessert
Red cury with lamb
baked tilapia with steamed rice and broccoli
Tuna tataki and avocado poke bowl Over rice and arugula. Topped with Kombu tsukudani and papaya habanero hot sauce.
Latkes made by mom, applesauce made by me.
Chorizo with red lentil and kale soup
Mutton Curry | Mutton Curry In Instant Pot | Mutton Korma | Goat Curry
Heirloom tomato and fresh mozzarella grilled cheese with pesto.
"Claypot" rice in cast iron
Maple Bourbon Smoked Chicken
Sausage &amp; Kale Rigatoni w/ Tomato Cream Sauce
liempo BBQ
Falooda
Lemon Birthday Cake w/ Lemon Curd Filling and Buttercream!
Bulgogi, Jap Chae, and Mandu
After lots of trial and error, finally proud of my burgers on my grill
Homemade turkey soup and turkey salad with hot sauce and a glass of whole milk
Taco with torched pork tenderloin, cotija, and mango, plus freshly made guacamole and roasted hot pepper salsa
Oregon man arrested after trashing store, spewing Islamophobic slurs seen in viral video - NBC News
Lumpia
Tomyum spicy noodle soup
Marijuana infused Wagyu Sashimi
Turkey &amp; Gravy Pot Pie
Chicken Mayo Baguette with Slaw
Beef Enchiladas - added extra cheese inside and on the top
Pumpkin spice cupcakes and cinnamon cream cheese frosting. 🎃✨
Pumpkin (mag)pie
Smoked Brisket, Ribs, and Cheddar Jalapeño Sausage
Momofuku Milk Bar Birthday Cake

Surf n Turf with a Gorgonzola sauce.
These foods look soooo delicious I would literally do anything just to have one food on this video 😍😍
Key lime pie (made with regular lemons) with homemade Graham cracker crust topped with whipped cream
Sunday Brunch, ribeye, fried eggs, okra and Bloody Mary.
Bagel with cream cheese, spring onion, bacon, sausage, beans, poached eggs, tomatoes and mushrooms
Sizzler
Mexican Pizza
Smiley Face Pancakes!
Spicy Chorizo Street Tacos with Peach Salsa
Tortilla Española with honeybaked ham and onion!
I am brining my own beef brisket for St. Patrick’s day this year. I will do a tradition boiled dinner with the flat, and use the more marbleized point to smoke and then steam to make homemade pastrami. Happy St. Patrick’s Day! 🍀
Chicken Parmesan:))
Eggslut's Fairfax sandwich: slowly scrambled egg cooked with a knob of butter on brioche bun with melted cheddar, caramelized onion, Sriracha mayo, and chives served with homemade buttermilk biscuits and seared steak for Sunday brunch
Vietnamese 5-spice chicken Salad
Steamed Carol Trout
Mozzarella, Tomato &amp; Basil with Olive Oil and Balsamic
Double burger with big mac sauce
chopped cheese (turkey burger) Swiss, mushrooms, onions, lettuce and tomatoes.
crab sushi with a ying-yang outline.
ALLO SAMOSA
italian sausage lasagna
Classic Thanksgiving Bread Stuffing/Dressing
Bacon, Pea and Mint Casarecce
Chocolate Cake - icing made from chickpeas!
Tacos with grilled chicken, homemade pico de gallo, and a boatload of feta.
Steak with fluted mushrooms and tourné potatoes
Killeen church holding food giveaway event Sunday - KXXV News Channel 25
Leftover Duck Gravy and Biscuits
take and bake pizza.
The Perfect Homemade Apple Pie https://ift.tt/2XKZLwX
An awesome appetizer. Shrimp with cocktail yum sauce.
Apple Cider donuts
Outback Steakhouse's Alice Spring Chicken Quesadillas
a fried chicken sandwich and fries
Shredded Chicken Enchiladas
Impossible Burger - Fried Plant Based and Bleeding
Cast Iron Breakfast Skillet
Fried Danish
Crab Cakes with a Red Pepper Sauce
chicken stuffed turkish bread
cream egg cheese cake
Reverse sear 2” steak
Tofu Salad Rolls
Caramel mousse with chantilly cream
White pizza with pineapple and olives
Bacon, egg, and avocado taco
Gul Pohe
cheesecake with macaroons
Jjajangmyeon with boniato, red skin potato and beef
Chocolate ganache, Lemon meringue pie, Strawberry tiramisu and Earl Grey macarons 🥰  with love
whipped cream and fresh fruit cake
Veggie pizza
Skillet fried rice
Japanese Cheesecake Mochi covered with melted chocolate and Pop Rocks at the top.
Mushroom and Onion Pesto Pizza
Stuffed crust pizza
Pumpkin pancakes with pecans and brown butter syrup.
Buttermilk Fried chicken with pickled watermelon rind and nectarine salad and cheddar biscuit
Vietnamese Spring Roll with Wild Mushroom for Lunar New Year
Simple Man's Board. Cheeses, Grapes, Trail Bologna, Bread with Preserves and Olive Oil w/ Herbs
Custard jello dessert glass/How to make custard pudding
EVOO and Chocolate-Chip Cookies topped with Peanut Praline and crumbled peanuts.
Honey chilli prawns
lobster tail!!
pan seared scallops on carrot purée and a salad with a mandarin, pine nuts, wasabi peas and Kens Asian dressing.
borgar
Dry rub chicken wings
Salmon Ikura Hotate Kaisendon
Chickpea &amp; Coconut Soup
garlic fried rice
Chocolate cake from Dominique Ansel's Master Class.
Döner with salad and fries
eight plait bread with raisins and apples from Paul Hollywood. A nightmare!
Blue cheese &amp; mushroom gnocchi
THỬ THÁCH | LÀM XIÊN THỊT NƯỚNG TỪ ĐỒ KINH DỊ TRONG NGÔI NHÀ HOANG - Thá...
Ratatouille inspired by the movie. By me!
Sarmale! Romanian Christmas Stuffed-Cabbage
Italian sandwich.
General Tso’s Chicken over While Rice with Steamed Broccoli
Braised lamb loin chop with mashed potatoes and veggies
stuffed bell pepers
prosciutto and brussels sprout pizza.
Arroz con mariscos (Paella)
Spicy chicken pasta
Lemon Turmeric Tea Cake
mexican-style spicy wrap
Pa Kra Pao
Macaroni salad
Moroccan Apple Pastilla with Walnut
salmon with aioli and a HUGE pile of peas and garlic bread 😋
Pulled Chicken Wonton Nachos with a Goat Cheese Fondue
Beef salad with frenchfries
Jammy Dodger Blondies
German Meatloaf and Potato Gratin
- Eggplant Parm
swedish meatballs with mashed potatoes, steamed peas, brown sauce and lingonberry
3 Ingredient Donuts
smoked salmon eggs benedict with a bob ross pancake.
Just attempted Pho!
Deepika Padukone mobbed outside eatery, video goes viral - National Herald
Tacos
triple cheddar grilled cheese with Spanish chorizo
- Cinnamon babka french toast
Finally attempted the infamous MilkBar Birthday Cake
Budget Cheese Board
Toasted Bagel Stuffed With Pizza Rolls and Served with A Side Of Fritters And Dipping Sauces
Chorizo and Sweet Potato Hash
Mozzarella, provolone, parmesan, pepperoni, and roasted garlic sauce melt.
Pan seared sea scallops in a buttery garlic &amp; shallot white wine sauce, pesto / parm pearl couscous, and a roasted veg stuffed zucchini fan
Shark Cooter board for two
Instant Udon with some added Mushrooms and Scallions - so simple, but so good
Bangladeshi Chicken Curry
Almond and Hazelnut Florentine Cookies topped with semi-sweet and caramelized white chocolate.
Bao buns with sweet pork filling.
https://ift.tt/2YrDo05
Beer-B-Que Pork Belly Sliders with half sour pickles and dilly slaw on Hawaiian Sweet Rolls
Red Wine Chili
Look what I made last night! Healthy organic dark chocolate popcorn! :D
Coq Au Vin
how to make Chicken Curry Salad quick recipe
Pad Thai
Layered Chicken Nachos
Jalebis (warm, crispy, deep fried potato flour soaked in a sugar syrup)
Tarta de Queso de Capuchino
PERSIAN SAFFRON RICE WITH TADIGH
Meatballs and fresh pasta
. 2nd charcuterie plate of the week. All ferments homemade.
Swedish meatballs n’ gravy and smashed garlic potatoes
Cheese Dakgalbi
When teppanyaki is requested. Then it is attempted. It was edible and close in flavors.
Charcuterie Board
What if ANNABELLE doll becoming FOOD How to make Cold Noodles SoupStop M...
Double Smash Burger with pickles
Cassoulet paired with a French Malbec.
Beans &amp; Sausages on Toast.
Glazed braid, yuza meringue, guava cream cheese, salted caramel &amp; Mexican cinnamon sugar donuts
shrimp n grits
Pappa Al Pomodoro
Three Meat BBQ Platter
movie snack board
(homemade) Broiled beef ribs with toasted rye bread topped with sliced tomato and green onion.
Orange and chai spiced pancakes
Chinese hand cut egg noodles
Mouloukhia, real dream - الملوخية و لا في الاحلام ""
Honey glazed ham
one pan cast iron seasoned salmon and asparagus with a balsamic glaze, goat cheese, pomegranate, and fresh basil.
Tata Consumer Products To Replace GAIL In Nifty 50 From March 31 - BloombergQuint
Holiday Ham (practice!)
It aint much, but its the first meal I cooked since moving out
HAWAIIAN STYLE SAIMIN! This is how I make Hawaiian Style Saimin!
KFC Creamy Croquette Chicken Sandwich. Japan exclusive sandwich with lobster bisque croquette.
Grilled Chicken
Penne alla vodka with chicken
Mashed Potatoes
rice noodles
Red Beans and Rice.
Via 313 - Cadillac - Detroit style pizza in Austin Tx - Gorgonzola, fig preserves, prosciutto, Parmesan cheese and balsamic glaze.
shrimp casino apizza
Cream of Wheat made with milk
Sweetness Marble goby Fish
Egghead
Strawberry and cream cheese Danishes
VEGGIE TACO MEXICANA
I (also) made “The Soup”
St. Lucia buns
Lotus Biscoff stuffed brownies topped with lotus whipped cream, melted chocolate and salted caramel
turkish kunefe.
half eaten Chocolate chip cookie that I took a break from eating to share with you all.
Meat Pies
Tower of Macarons
WHO team: Coronavirus unlikely to have leaked from China lab - The Associated Press
I love that in the South, even if you don’t order biscuits, they still give you a side of sausage gravy anyways.
Waffles with raspberry jam and pudding with ham.
Spicy Korean Chicken Stew (Dakdoritang)
Poached Apple w/ triple cream vanilla semifreddo
Fruit Salad.
Traditional Chinese Style Fish Stew
A bacon and egg Sarnie !
Beef bourguignon  - all done in the slow cooker for 8+ hours!
Mince, mash, and veg served in a giant Yorkshire pudding all
Holiday cheesecake
Key Lime pie with decorative fruit.
Today is Cinnamon Bun day in Sweden, so let's celebrate it the only way possible
Mushroom butter
honey garlic chicken, sticky rice and lemon pepper broccoli
I had come across and interesting youtube channel ... I would like to recommend this channel if you would like to experiment some South Indian cuisine... check out this youtube channel for homemade recipes from kerala; prawns masala by Chef Anjali
Mushroom, Leek, &amp; Fennel Risotto with reverse-seared sous-vide chicken breast; truffle infused oil, fennel frond, parsley leaf.
Chopped liver, Dijon, toast.
Steak Poutine
Cheesecake with blueberry goat cheese.
Creamy salmon soup
Strawberry Shortcake Poke Cake.
Vension Bangers &amp; Mash with Onion Sauce
Fudgey Brownies topped with Butterscotch Chips
Da Lu Mian
Lemon Pepper Buffalo Wings w/ Bleu Cheese
T H I C C C Wellington
Pigs in Blankets
Oops, I made Pancake mess again!
Garlic &amp; Lemon Chicken with red kidney beans and rice
Creme brulee
Pork Belly Sushi Roll
Pork Rib Roast
baked ziti with roasted garlic pepper
brown butter chocolate chip cookie with vanilla ice cream
all-day lasagne 😋
Steak and guacamole tacos
Italian Sausage, Crimini Mushroom &amp; Peas Risotto with Saffron
I too made smoked (half) turkey for Thanksgiving
Banana bread with banana chip &amp; chocolate chip crumble.
Jalapeño Cornbread Muffins
Paneer Tikka Recipe
carbonara
Lemon Poppyseed Muffins
Spooky Pumpkin Cake
Chipotle crema over Shredded beef burrito
Meatless ramen
Roasted lamb with potatoes in cranberry sauce
Poached Pear with Cornmeal Pound Cake and Rosemary Syrup
Pepperoni Pizza with Sun Dried Tomatoes and Sriracha Drizzle
Hot Chocolate bombs my daughter made. They are not only pretty they are delicious
Taiwanese Beef Noodle Soup
chicken madras
a happy breakfast
Tomato Bisque
Buffalo Chicken Mac &amp; Cheese
ratatouille, pasta and olives.
Fall bento box lunch w/bacon and avocado, Greek home fries, tri-colour honey roast carrots, mango, and red Swiss chard.
smoked FireDust Chicken Legs and Vegetable Skillet
chicken tacos and loaded fries served with sour cream on the side
strip steak, arugula beet salad, and mushrooms with bacon, pearl onions, and blue cheese.
Gobble Gobble, brined for 24hrs, dry rub under skin over night, fried in peanut oil 300F for 50min
Obligatory Christmas smoked ribeye roast(prime rib). Breaking in the green mountain grill
Almond and sesame flour bread
French Toast with Berries and Vanilla Whipped Cream
Ravioli filled with porcini mushrooms and tossed in truffel butter!
Reverse Seared Ribeye
Grilled Octopus with black romesco, crème fraiche, n'duja and smoked sea salt
Valentine's dinner for one
vanilla strawberry cake
I had some delicious soul food
Chilean Salmon with homemade teriyaki with rice and vegetables
Birthday dinner for my best friend. Charcoal grilled ribeye, poached lobster, lemon asparagus, and pesto potatoes.
Teriyaki beef and broccoli rice bowl
vanilla bean cake with chocolate buttercream and candy topping
Guinea pig
Kataifi
honey bbq pulled pork with corn
Acai bowl
Pepperoni and Mushroom Pizza
Chicken Paprikash
Rainbow trout pan seared with lemon, brown rice &amp; quinoa, sautéed heritage carrots with leeks, garnished with fresh mustard greens and a Lion’s Mane mushroom &amp; Habanero hot sauce
Lasagna with Eggplant &amp; Turkey
country fried teriyaki pork chop sandwich
Guacamole, flatbreads, poached eggs and mushrooms
Jumbo Scallop Siu Mai
Sweet Fire Jerky🔥
Bacon Wrapped Scallops
Lentil fritters
Beef Nachos, Guacamole, Sour Cream, Pico de Gallo and Monterey Jack Cheese
Butter Chicken and Saffron Rice
chicken with carrot and tomato
red wine and mushroom rizotto
a mac n cheese and brisket sandwich from a local food truck
Sourdough bread
'The Whopper' from Burger King
Sushi 🍱🥢
Honey Maple Turkey &amp; Gold Label Swiss on a Bagel w/ Scrambled eggs Topped w/ a Blueberry Reduction!
15 minute pasta carbonara
Shakshuka with toasty sourdough
lamb and well presented leftover pasta
Indian Makhani Penne Pasta
spaghetti bolognese
Apple-vanilla cake (for one)
Deviled scotch quail eggs!
Pretzels with Curry Cheese Dip
Bahamian chicken souse
Mojo Grilled Drumstick With Cilantro Lime Rice
Cuban pork with jalapeño and cilantro
Just made this from everything left in fridge
grilled chicken philly w/ jumbo grilled shrimp!!
Pastitsio (Greek Lasagna)
Chicken pot pi
Braised lamb, asparagus with hollandaise and skillet red potatoes
Grilled T-bone Steak and Garlic Butter Lobster Tails
Pulled pork sandwich
Chicken Katsu, white rice and coleslaw
Pan seared in Rib eye steak with side of mushrooms and steak fries
tripple chocolate ganache cake from my neighbourhood patiserie.
Rasta Pasta Scampini Linguini
Nasi Goreng inspired fried rice
Beer Garden Salad With Bratwurst and Sourdough Preztel Croutons
Maryland Style Crab Cakes with Freshly Made Remoulade Sauce
Vegan Valentine's heart-shaped Strawberry Pancakes with Coconut Whipped Cream ❤️
Roasted chicken over a bed of vegetables.
Cranberry curd and white chocolate cheesecake
This 40% ww and Stout loaf
Tacos Carnitas with Homemade Flour Tortillas
Fried egg
Salted caramel topped brownies with pecans and semi sweet chocolate chips.
pork chop, mascarpone mashed spuds &amp; Brussels sprouts
Buffalo Bleu Cheeseburger
Sausage, egg, and cheese breakfast sandwich
- Budae Jjigae (Korean Stew)
Falafel Sandwich 🥙
Nashville hot chicken sandwich
Maritozzo with whipped cream, tiramisù, and passito wine from Pantelleria
Chao Fan
Mushroom/Kale/Tomato/Onion/Cheese Omelette! 🔥
Kale Salad with Souvlaki Chicken and Smoked Paprika-Clementine Vinaigrette.
Authentic recipes of Karwar (a city in north Karnataka)
Focaccia puttanesca
Japanese Omelette
air fryer empanadas
Pita pizza: Tastes best with Tabasco pepper sauce
Carmel Apple
Check this If you Want to "Lose Weight"
Dinner rolls!!
apple plum pie
Some darn good pizza
different meals from February. Some of them are handmade
Salmon
Low-Calorie Snack - Tasty Lotus Seeds
Tata proposes to buy a majority stake in BigBasket, shows CCI filing - Mint
EEN GERECHT DAT ELK KIND AT | MyDailyDinner |
spatchcock turkey
Mashed potatoes with a cutlet
Roasted duck breast, celeriac purée, fondant potato, rhubarb gel and rhubarb, charred asparagus, duck fat crisp, candied hazelnut and walnut crumb
Prosuitto Avocado Eggs Benedict
Food platter
Pecan Pie with whipped cream and salted caramel
Texas BBQ ribs and brisket
Mini Zebra Cakes
ice cream my 1 post on Reddit
Omakaze for two
garlic bread
German Leberkässemmel
Ditalini beef stroganoff

Poached Egg &amp; Smoked Salmon on Toast.
Vietnamese Cinnamon Sugar Bake Donuts
Greek Steak Gyro
Made some cookies for autumn!
Vegetarian sandwich / vegan chili.
Chicken Fajitas, Fresh spicy Guac, Spicy Marg
Glazed Donuts
Saffron risotto 💛👌🏼
Molasses Cookies. I love fall
NYC Lamb over Rice
Char Sui pork with Teriyaki Vegetable stirfry.
Breakfast Tostada
Everything bagel with nova and cream cheese from Absolute Bagels, NYC.
My COVID vegan dinner.
eggs on tiny skillet
Tea
some chicken and rice for dinner
pork steak that looks like the state of Illinois
Brown Butter, Guinness and Banana Muffins with Maple Bacon Cream Cheese
Taylor ham, egg, and 3 pepper jack cheese!
Protein Breakfast Muffins
Found an extra piece of chocolate in my ice cream today. Ik it’s nothing like all the other amazing things of seen on this reddit but I thought it was kinda cool. Btw it forces me to put “” in the title.
Spicy Chicken drumsticks ❤️
Tomahawk Steak with a chimichurri marinade.
Prawn Thai Green Curry, only post I’ve been confident enough to post in this sub
Better Stovetop Butter Chicken Recipe
Levain Bakery style chocolate chip walnut cookies
Nutella swirls
Gochujang Tofu with Yakisoba
Beef in black bean and fried rice.
Strawberries and Cream cake
Dry Aged Shell Steak
sea snake in Tokyo earlier this year
Fully Loaded Baked Potato
Cauliflower Orange Chicken

Canoas de Platano (Plantain Canoes)
Pozole
Braised Beef in Orange Sauce, served with Crusty Bread
baked potatoes and things I don’t know the English name for.
Garlic baguette, fried onions, hot dogs, melted cheese and chilli flakes
Puerco Pibil, fresh out of the oven
Shawarma cake
Big pot of chicken-n-dumplings with pioneer-cut dumplings
Stir-fry mushrooms and green onions in salted kelp
Green Chile chicken rice bake with tortilla chip topping.
Braised Beef Ramen
Happy Saturday!
Grilled Brie, cheddar, &amp; American cheese with homemade spicy bacon jam on sourdough bread
Pan cooked  a ribeye last night.
Taco Bell Crunchwrap supremes
wonton soup
Gnocchi with summer vegetables and parmesan cream sauce
Pork Belly with homemade biscuits and apple butter
oliebol. Its a traditional dutch pastry.
Crispy Braised Pork Belly
The "Bet It All On Black Garlic" burger from Bob's Burgers
Chaps Pit Beef and cheese fries.
Strip Steak, Cilantro Chimichurri &amp; Homemade Chips with Lemon and Truffle Oil
Buttermilk Biscuits and Sausage Gravy
Spinach quiche with a homemade flaky crust!
Apple pie w/ Orange zest
When will we get the $600 California COVID stimulus checks? - Los Angeles Times
Korean and buffalo wings
Shortrib cast iron
Chicken Briyani
Roast duck, green apple risotto, and duck fat roasted asparagus.
Hot Chicken Sandwich
Delicious Egg Tarts in Puff Pastry!
Brunch Charcuterie Board
Vodka sauce garlic cheese pizza
Sourdough Loaves
Tomatillo chicken lasagna.
in a Delicious Keto Restaurant in Germany 😋
Corned Beef Reuben with Fries!
The pie of dreams for Christmas Dinner!
Apple strudel with Haagen-Dazs vanilla
Hamburg curry rice, topped with furikake
Chocolates
grilled lamb and vegetables with tabbouleh, three different sauces and lebanese bread
Summer Vegan Ceviche
Pecan-Rye Pumpkin Pie
Roasted duck and ratatouille
Pizza Golgappa
Prawn and Crab Panzarotti in a cream and thyme sauce with Smoked Rainbow Trout
5 MIN LUNCH 🙌 Low Carb Wrap 🌯🌯 This is a super easy low carb, keto friendly meal! It’s also pretty filling!
Smoked Maple Glazed Turkey
Last night I had  meatballs, they turned out delicious
Buffalo wings with seasoned french fries!
shakshuka and hummus. Super yummie and healthy!
a classic NYC slice
Passionfruit Cheesecake Pancakes
local jersey shore take home steam bucket. Herb,lemon and old bay seasoned.
Guacamole + Spicy Shrimp Wonton Cups
Penne Alla Vodka &amp; Peach Mint Vodka Cocktail
Shishito peppers with chillied yuzu sauce
Earl Grey infused cheesecake.
Japanese style tuna and salmon with rice
Shrimp Scampi, Capirotada
Lemon, mushroom, cilantro and tomato spaghetti in butter, pecorino romano, cream and olive oil, salt, pepper and red pepper flake
Pikachu, Chansey, pokeball donuts
goku
Vietnamese clear noodle soup (Hu Tieu)
Claire Saffitz’s Pigs in a Brioche Blanket with Mustard Dip
Fried eggs on avocado toast with crispy home fries
Focaccia
After  this meat with prunes i dont care about another!
Scallops over lemon garlic pasta
NY strip steak with garlic mashed potatoes and baked Mac and cheese
I made  Brioche Irish whiskey french toast
Black bean burger
Glazed Perfection
Salmon papillote 4 ways pesto/lemon garlic/sweet/spicy
Wanted pancakes 🥞
Chicken Alfredo with broccoli and fresh basil
Pretzel bun, apple wood cheddar mushroom and carmalized onion sauce. Garlic and crushed black pepper aioli, bison and lamb burger mixed with fresh oregano, and plethora of seasoning (salt, pepper, basil, sage, rosemary) then thick ass apple wood pork belly bacon!!!!!!!!¿
Dried Cranberry and Walnut Oatmeal Cookies
Christmas Charcuterie board
Pepperoni Spinach and Olive Pizza
Dutch 'pasteitjes'
Oysters and seafood
Leftover Filet Mignon Sandwich with Balsamic Vinegar Arugula, Horseradish Mayo, and Caramelized Onions on Toasted Sourdough
French Onion Potato Soup
Chocolate Strawberry Tart
Sunday fry up with black pudding. Tried for a smiley Face but it didn't quite work
Onion Pakoda
Sourdough sandwich loaf
scalloped potatoes and ham.
Pickle marinated drumsticks on a bed of coleslaw and fried rice
Lunch ❤️
cheese and pepperoni pizza
Homemade crepe cake! Dark chocolate ganache over chocolate crepes and handmade whipped cream (without an electric hand mixer 🥲)
Crispy Chicken Sandwich
Rack of lamb.
Carne Asada tacos
beef stew (family recipe)
Dutch Pea Soup
Saba Shioyaki, grilled mackerel with Sake marinade
Cheeseburger with Provolone
creme brûlée!
Thicc American style pancakes.
turkey wings
Fried Shimp and Tartar Sauce
Is it only me or does it seem that the Pringle chip only has flavoring on one side of the chip? Message to the Pringles company, flavor both sides!
Filet Mignon sammie
SEXY COOKING B ROLL
Birria Queso Taco's
Chocolate cake with chocolate and cream cheese filling and covered in chocolate ganache and rainbow sprinkles and then M&amp;Ms. Made this for my colleague’s birthday.
Atlantic Salmon and Broccoli
Carne Asada Taco w/ Roasted Pepper &amp; Tomato Salsa, Pickled Raddish
Saucy pork and veggies with rice noodles
Silkworm pupa in a Korean buffet
Pork Ribs with Potatoes, apples and sauerkraut.
Meatballs in Tomatoe Sauce with Pasta.
Meatloaf
Blackened grouper sandwich
coconut curry fondue, with seafood and assorted veg
Fusilli with sun-dried tomato and shallot cream sauce, with a side of rosemary sea salt bread
Cuban sandwich using homemade pernil (slow roasted pork shoulder)
Hot sausage!
Pulled pork and basil-infused bechamel lasagna
Korean Style Smoked Ribs with a Peanut Miso Coleslaw
Cottage + Ricotta Cheese Toast with bacon and Apricot Habanero Jelly
Sushi rolls
Chicken Alfredo
Bryndzové halušky, dumplings with soft sheep cheese
seafood
trout fish with rice.
- Hainanese Chicken Rice
Fresh cheddar jalapeño bagels
Pizza with prosciutto and red onion.
I’ve been cooking for my future in laws, this “ciopinno” was a hit.
Leftover Turkey Sandwich with homemade sauce and brioche bun
Yemeni Chicken (Mandi) &amp; Rice
Beef stroganoff on fettucine noodles
loaf of white bread
Smash Burger and Fries
I made turkish buns with chicken filling
Pizza with burratta and pancetta.
Soft Oatmeal Cookies
Tacos de carne.
13x9 chocolate chip cookie “tray.”
heese &amp; Mushroom &amp; Pepper &amp; Broccoli
The Lebron James Blaze Pizza order
Egg art
Beef n Pork Man Loaf with Chicken Egg n Feet
Bratwurst
МУЛЬТЯШНЫЙ КОТ становится ЕДЫ (Cartoon Cat in Real Life) - Crazy Cooking...
Beef tacos with grilled cactus, feta, avocado and fresh salsa
sourdough carbonara pizza w/ guanciale peas and gooey egg yolk
"MẺ RĂNG" Vì Dùng ĐINH Làm Món Nui Xào Thập Cẩm🤣 | Thánh Nấu Ăn - Asmr M...
A little breakfast for dinner..
Jalapeño, bacon, and cheddar burger on brioche
Swedish dish called Skomakarlåda.
chicken soup!
Three Bean Chili.
Japanese Curry and garlicky rice.
Overnight Breakfast Bake
Baked cheesy chicken &amp; roasted tomato pasta
Beer Battered Fish &amp; Chips
Chicken breast, whole seed mustard, breadcrumbs and lime, and rocket, feta, sweet potato and pine nut salad.
pot roast and latkes for Hanukkah!
Chocolate Oreo Balls. My YouTube channel's name Jannatul Ferdous.
Mini tartlets with lemon curd, strawberry compote, fresh strawberries, and candied lemon
Japanese curry rice with omelette and octopus shaped hotdogs
Smoked ribs and turkey
Got bored, made Gruyere and chives Au Gratin.
Baguette with crushed Mauritian chilli cakes salad, butter &amp; cheese.
Lamington Balls
Rump steak with asparagus, tenderstem broccoli and roasted tomatoes.
Asian style turkey lettuce wraps
Mint chocolate truffles
roast beef simple good
some boerewors cooked over coals
Gyro Pizza
Grilled halibut with a lobster risotto, and grilled asparagus.
Chocolate Ganache Funfetti Cake
Katsu Sando
New york style everything bagles
Baked Pepperoni Pizza Egg Rolls on a bed of Spinach
English breakfast for two. Baked beans was canned.
Leche Flan
My Pizza
Lobster Roll and Clam Strips
“food”
cake
wagyu Bulgogi Burger, oven baked herb fries, and spicy asian aioli
Homegrown SuperSweet100 and SunGold Tomato with Olive Oil, Salt, and Basil
Ice cream + candy is the best combo ever in my opinion
pear and dried cherry fritters adapted from the Jubilee cookbook
- Morbihan - Billiers - Penn-Lann - Gourmet meal at Domaine de Rochevilaine (Relais et Chateaux)
Bacon &amp; Egg Cheeseburger
Mango Entremet
Spanakopita (Spinach pie) with handmade dough.
sausage breakfast taco with homemade salsa
Caramelised Onion, Goat's Cheese &amp; Courgette Tart
Artisan Handmade Chocolates with my love and passion
Shrimp n Grits in New Orleans!
Saw too many cheeseburgers today here so I had to make one. Brioche bun, home made "mac" sauce onions and lettuce, side of some slaw with attitude, it was so good I put the fries in the background lol
Steak, fries topped with cheese sauce, and Ceasar salad
Chicken Potpie
milk bar chocolate cake
My a bit more AMERIKA attempt at a fryup!
Spanish Lentil Stew (Lentejas)
yellow food
Chirashi!
Tandoori Wings
Chinese crepes (Jianbing) with minced pork Sichuan style and hot garlic sauce
Steak, onions, peppers, pepperjack cheese on a hoagie bun
hashbrown omelette w/ cheese &amp; chives
bagels
honey garlic chicken wings cooked/fried and sauced at home
mushroom risotto with Parmesan crisp
Snack board
Street tacos, refried beans, and Mexican rice with a side of guacamole
Sticky buns with toasted pecans
Loaves of crusty white bread
Beef noodle soup
Are you in favor of an organic pizzeria? without artificial product
Japanese Chirashi Bowl And Unadon
this chuletón
Hand-cut Yam Oven Fries with Chipotle Adobo Mayo Dip
Duck confit with rice which was made with chicken stock. I was making this duck for 6+ hours.
Sugar Cookies
Lahmacun
Ali nazik kebab.
Lamingtons
https://cutt.ly/zjHzGbj
pink Pavlova
Short Rib Chili on Cornbread Waffle
Indonesian Nasi Tumpeng
Hickory Smoked and Chipotle Chili Rubbed Venison
“Bruschetta Chicken Pasta”.
Beef Wellington (à la Babish), Roasted Asparagus and Garlic Mashed Red Potatoes
Fresh Berry Tart with Vanilla Creme Patisserie and Almond Flour Crust
Thai Inspired Red Curry
Smoked lamb leg, curry, mint yogurt, bombay potatoes and rice
Bratwurst
kimchi
Sweet Fuji Apple Yellow Curry with Chicken Katsu
Mutton Biryani with spiced curd &amp; pickle onions
Salmon in a creamy dill and lemon sauce with crispy skin on top and a simple arugula salad.
crumb cake
a McRib
Korean Spicy Braised Potatoes
Miso Ramen
Pastéis de nata
Quiche with leeks and Parmesan.
Tahdig with Cranberry and Herbs
Smoked Pork Shoulder.
Sauerkraut &amp; bacon pierogi :)
venison chili and cornbread
Chicken salad
Guinness Braised Beef Cheeks
Pie with salted caramel pastry cream and banana
Spaghetti Carbonara with Confit Egg
salmon pasta
Peruvian soy glazed seared tuna
Wings with fruits and vegetables.
Banana bread with poppyseed butter
Estufao manok
well done California burrito with pico de Gallo.
Spinach/ricotta lasagna bolognese in a spicy bechamel sauce
Kung pao tofu
Chicken cutlet, Brussels sprouts &amp; buttered noodles
star bread
Baked Pears
Birria de Res
Eggplant lasagna
Delicious nachos...
We made  beef Bourguignon tonight. No this is not a stock photo, we’re just trying to take better pictures.
Gemlik zeytin ve zeytinyağı | Gemlikzeytini.gen.tr
Picadillo
a literal brick of onion rings
M-I-Crooked letter-Crooked letter-I-Crooked letter-Crooked letter-I-Humpback-Humpback-I Pot roast.
Tacos!!
pork and chicken gyros
reverse sear NY strip
pineapple pastry
pizza with capers , shredded moz and a quarter can of pizza sauce from new Jersey.
Japanese milk bread grilled cheese.
Burger
Fried Duck and Rice Noodles
cauliflower rice with ground beef
Moroccan Brioche Mini Bread
Chicken and potato Japanese curry
Crispy pork belly
- Tater tot crust cheeseburger pizza
Egg-in-a-basket.
close enough pancakes: tortilla || extra crunchy pb || tortilla || quarter-bearheads-worth of honey || tortilla
Eat tacos
mini beef pot pies
soft shell crab and scrapple sandwich
Murgh musallam
Nutella Crêpes
Sticky Lemon Chicken
Lemon pepper shrimp and Parmesan risotto with garlic roasted carrots
(Homemade) gruyere soufflé
Bamboo rice
Durian and Walnut Muffins in the Philippines
Pan-seared steak
"" Creamy and delicious BICOL EXPRESS!!!
skillet fried chicken, blue box Mac, and asparagus
Gotta love everything contains spinach
Baked Ham and Scalloped Potatoes
Jamie Oliver’s Insanity Burger
I am only 31 and a professionally trained cook, only made this multiple times. Ham cured pork ribs, braised separated, seared on the grill and finished with jalepeno jello, Please go easy on me!
Lemon Cream Cheese Whip
Grilled prime NY strip
Beef tenderloin, lobster tail, green beans, mashers, sautéed shrooms, G.F.B. Delicious
Avacado toast with hot pink hummus (homemade)
Lovely Brownies Today Because It's Weekend. I Combined Chocolate And Caramels In One Whole Serving. Who Loves Nuts? #WhatTheFudge!
Lava cacke
Panko Cube Steaks
Chicken Kiev.
The Worlds Greatest Cheeseburger
goat cheese tortellini
juicy birria tacos
Chicken pot pie
Apple cinnamon cobbler
Choux au craquelin with creme patissiere
French pate pie, a game dish
Sushi rolls
Check out these mozz stix in nyc "  "
a tray of rad tacos
Tonkotsu ramen with char siu pork belly
Chicken avocado pizza with fresh mozzarella, home grown tomatoes and siracha mayo drizzle.
Victoria Sandwich Birthday Cake
Escargot! Surprisingly delicious and tender, thanks to all that butter, garlic, tomato sauce and brioche.
Al pastor
Quick breakfast in seconds ""
Tahini cake with coffee caramel cream cheese frosting
Smoked bbq chicken lollipops.
Sausage and artichoke risotto bake
Garlic Masala Pav with cheese
Is it only in Japanese culture where we cut out the pale section of watermelon, pickle in salt over night, then eat them with soy sauce? It’s so good.
Paani puri/puchke/golgappe. Any golgappe lovers here ? Yummiest street food ever.
Beef Barbacoa, Mexican Beans &amp; Pico de Gallo.
Mesquite and Hickory Smoked Whole Spactchcock Turkey
Chicken and dumplings
tomato bisque
i made  ribeye from last night it made made a great brunch
Earl grey shortbread cookies with lemon glaze
Death by Chocolate Poke Cake
bánh mì.
Granny Smith apple cake
milk chocolate, white chocolate, caramel pretzel bark with roasted almonds.
Farm Animal Chocolate Cupcakes
KayRae on TikTok  ( BEST HOLIDAY Adult DRINK )
London Broil with elote corn and smashed loaded baked potato with a blackened ranch &amp; horseradish sauce
Roasted Chicken with sauce soubise.
Puri Subzi!
Seafood buffet at home.
breakfast cupcakes, bacon eggs, toast
Scrambled eggs with reaper powder, chanterelles, sourdough wheat bread with strawberry rhubard jam, sour cream pickled herring, sunflower seeds, and a fresh peach. Breakfast.
Chicken in garlic mushroom sauce over polenta
Easy Thanksgiving Recipes - Sweet Potato Stuffed Oranges
Osechi traditional Japanese food
orange chicken
Crispy Buffalo Cauliflower Wings -
Filet Mignon with Mushroom Risotto
cheesesteak
Natural yogurt with cereal, honey and natural grape juice.
Roast Duck and Lap Cheong Fried Rice
Reeves Sear Tenderloin
Curry Salad quick recipe
Christmas dinner, roast beef, roast vegetables, salad and mash
Sooji halwa
Gochujang chicken
Former Indian cricketer BS Chandrasekhar suffers stroke, hospitalised in Bengaluru - The News Minute
Crispy Confit Potatoes
Dongchimi
Beer bread
Fraisier (French Strawberry Cake)
Puff pastry brioche
Smoked then finished in air fryer
(from left to right) oysters, baked potato, and lobster tail
Champagne and lavender cream mini cakes
Turkish Delight (rose flavour)
Triple Cream Brie @ 17 days
A chocolate soufflé. I gave it a 6/10
Beef Wellington with green bean casserole
Mothers day English afternoon tea
Kimchi fried rice
i’m so amped to eat this goulash
Spinach Feta Mushroom Quiche
Sweet Corn Masala Curry
Cannabis Infused Duck Fat Potatoes, Infused Confit Duck Leg, Fresh Spinach with Infused Cherry Vinaigrette &amp; Fresh Cherries
Toad in the hole served with red onion gravy and peas.
rosemary focaccia
My partner is allergic to milk and has a sweet tooth, so I made  blueberry maple cookies. 82 cookies ought to hold him over for a bit...
A deviled emu egg
PSL 2021 postponed after more players test positive for Covid-19 - ESPNcricinfo
Chicken Picatta Salad (and homemade parm)
Chilaquiles with Scrambled Eggs and Steak
Orange glazed Turkey
Club Hand
a lox bagel with onion, anchovies, lemon pepper, lemon juice, pepper, and garlic powder.
Cooler apple
Homemade tuetano
Tator tot breakfast poutine
Hamburger with goat cheese and caramelized red onion marmalade. Served with blistered Shoshitos and baked black truffle fries.
Easter Deviled Eggs Recipe - How to Make Deviled Eggs!
Moroccan style fish (Bass)
pumpkin spice bread.
Hungarian feast prepared by my dear 85-year-old granny
made a matcha hot chocolate latte for a snowy day @ work~
Baked Mac and Cheese - plus a link to the recipe
Roasted olive with whipped feta, baba ghanoush, and falafel served family style.
Chocolate waffle ala mode
Cantonese Style Sweet and Sour Pork
tuna tartar tower
Blueberry Apple Pie
BAO Benedict
(I ate) A simple charcuterie! Happy new year!
Basmati Rice topped with two fried eggs and doused in homemade chili oil
pan-fried fries
burnt ends hot dogs
"" Lunch Fried Onions, Tomatoes And Plantains
baby back ribs with spiced baked chickpeas and sautéed broccoli
New restrictions at work made them remove bacon for the last year. Today I get even. Blt(a) avocado.
Act fast
cute little jalapeño
Cookies my friend sent me for Christmas (I know it a bit late but...)
Chicken Piccata
smoked beef brisket
chocolate macarons with blueberry buttercream for v-day. Turned out pretty ok!
Rosti with smoked salmon and sour cream
I cook sometimes (this is breakfast)
Chocolate Pudding Pie (whipped cream to come later)
Crispy goat cheese, salad with walnut oil
sauteed chicken with lemon butter sauce
Roasted garlic and tomato soup. Slightly tweaked recipe I saw on instagram
Breaded chicken with broccoli and potatoes
Avocado Toast with Sunnyside Eggs Dressed in Sriracha
Chorizo crusted sea-bass, crispy hasselback potatoes, roasted carrots and peas and a cheesy leek sauce. Chef maddie is in the house. lol
Grilled cheese and tomato sandwiches
Chicken breasts stuffed with mozzarella cheese 😋
Artisan bread Bunny Chow (mutton curry)
blueberry smoothie
Pumpkin Cheesecake with a Ginger Snap crust
Steak Diane with Hasselbeck Potatoes Au Gratin and Balsamic-Glazed Broccolini
“Hurricane Chicken” while there’s literally a hurricane going on outside here in florida :)
Baked Ziti.
Ready pickles of 2021!
Potatoes &amp; Eggs
I got this amazing Caesar chicken salad at Cap City Fine Dinner and bar in Gahanna, ohio.
Lemon, dill and garlic spaghetti finished with Parm and chili. Very tasty, fresh and light for a pasta. Yummy
emergency food
Stuffed Cherry Peppers with Lime Aioli
Strogonoff de camarão com polvo, receita completa.
Calzone in my wood fired oven
Tex-Mex Christmas: brisket tacos, handmade tortillas, jalapeño tamales and Mexican hot chocolate
Meghan Markle Sent a Text to Oprah While Her Interview Was Airing. This is What It Said - News18
Sesame Ginger Brussel Sprouts topped with Garlic butter Ginger Shrimp
Bagels &amp; Lox! With some soft boiled eggs.
sourdough bread with homemade sourdough
Garlic Confit &amp; Herb Encrusted Prime Rib
Snickerdoodle cookies
korean ramen with 3 kimchi
Filet with broccoli and smashed potatoes
Moroccan split green peas and fava beans dip
Really wanted camel-toe *and*  pork knuckle tonight... but happy enough to settle for one outta two ;)
ribs, hot link, pit beans and sweet potato mash washed down with a Cheerwine
Scrambled eggs, diced onion, jalapeño, sautéed mushrooms, sprinkled with dried habanero flakes and a double side of toasted buttered rye bread.
pork belly wraps (samgyeopsal)
Peanut butter and mayonnaise
Crispy - Gratinated white champignons, stuffed with ham, parmigiano reggiano, sour cream, more champignons and mediterranean spices. Sprinkled with some mozzarella on top.
SPICY TONKOTSU RAMEN
Banana Cream Pie!
Stir Fried Beef Tripe
Scallop and salmon roe pasta with kombu cream sauce
Cinnamon Apple Pie
Poke and Rice (with a side of grilled vegetables)
pasta ragu with peri peri chicken
Smoked ribeye
banana bread
Pineapple coconut sorbet
Toasted everything bagel with garlic roast beef, egg, and deli american cheese.
A dragon drawn with caramel
Fig, bacon and gorgonzola tart
The thinnest crust  pizza ever!
Chocolate cake with chocolate whipped cream frosting, chopped strawberries, crumbled mint cookies and jimmies.
Thai Green Curry
2 ingredients fresh pasta
Extra crispy buffalo chicken sandwich with pepper jack cheese on a buttery grilled brioche bun and a side of potato skins stuffed with cheddar and bacon. (Please ignore the misshapen bun, I almost dropped it)
Spicy Omelet
Pizza - Topped with mushrooms, chorizo, grilled onions, spinach, and mozzarella
Carrot and pecan cake.
CTU dance video: CPS dance teachers call for ‘safe return or no return’ in video posted to CTU Facebook page - Chicago Sun-Times
Little boy chicken cutting
Ribeye and Lobster tail
White chocolate bombs with rose syrup rose petals and marshmallows
This dish is a tipical napolitan or italian "Crocchè di patate" or "potato croquettes"
iced mocha on a 35 degree celcius day
Chocolate cupcakes with chocolate buttercream frosting!
Buffalo and Spicy Teriyaki Wings w/ Fries (feat. Ranch)
Poutine with Turkey, Stuffing and Peas for Canadian Thanksgiving.
Meat and Cheese board 🤤
ginger marinated calamari with salted pepper mayo to dip - super tender!!!
Squid Pad Thai
this in Vianden, Luxembourg, and I can’t remember what it’s called- help!
Soft Chapati, Spicy Chicken Fry and Cabbage Fry
Pull apart garlic knots
Roast Venison
Mongolian Beef topped off with sesame seeds
BBQ brisket bacon mac&amp;cheese pizza
delicious lobster rolls ftw
Made my own pasta and Ravioli filling
Semolina dumpling soup with homemade sourdough bread
Romantic dinner for two
Buko and Egg Pie
Beef heart taco with avocado, guajillo salsa and tortillas. First time making tortilla with masa harina!
Pulled Pork with coleslaw on a hawaiian bun
Roast chicken breasts with a white wine, lemon, herb pan sauce.
cacio e pepe. Pic doesn't do it justice, was so creamy
Charcuterie board :)
Smoked chorizo and egg breakfast tacos
Sourdough Sub Rolls
Shrimp 'N Stuff (Galveston,Tx)
Jalapeño Cheddar Bread
Brownies.
Wholegrain Bread With Chorizo, Melted Cumin Gouda, Rocket, Pizza Sauce, and Honey Mustard.
Cold Cut Banh Mi
I made creme brulee!!!
Spinach and Chicken Pi Pie
Indian style egg curry
BLTA
Chicken Katsu Curry with Calamari and Chilli Sauce
Miso Soup, Grilled Cheese on Hokkaido Milk Bread.
Wild black rice with fried snapper and garlic sprouts.
Prosciutto and Cheese Tortellini in a Garlic Butter Sauce w/ grated Parmigianino Reggiano and sauteed Broccoli.
/r/HalfFlops: /r/Aww Subreddit of the Week!
Man bows and speaks to crocodile at river, video goes viral - DNA India
Bacon Mac and Cheese
Pork Katsu over cabbage and fried rice
Shrimp Corn Chowder
Three pizzas (Minced lamb, Chicken &amp; Pineapple, and Rosemary &amp; cheese)
Pork Chips, Rice, and Greens
Naan
Smoked salmon caesar + bubbly
this beautiful steak in Germany
Pulled pork, creamy coleslaw, buttered and toasted potato bun.
roll, avocado, bacon jam, and a fried egg
Today’s Lunch - sautéed skin-on salmon with roasted asparagus, baby heirloom tomatoes and garlic with a balsamic reduction
Oven made Hot dogs
dinner for 2
This cheeseboard to celebrate my birthday
Prime Rib on Sourdough
berry pie.
Tuscan tortellini
Mmm these r TOTALLY VEGAN BTW 😂 (there not vegan, there buffalo wings 😏)
mung beans and spinach soup
steak nachos
fish fry
A Pineapple from Mountain Pine Ridge Forest Reserve, Belize.
pistachio &amp; rose macarons
Full English Breakfast—Roast Me!
Pappardelle with mushrooms
Steak tacos!
Eggs and Cheddar Cheese Tosti.
Holiday desserts  peanut brittle, peppermint chocolate bark, and caramels
chicken parm over bucatini
streak with grill lines
Lobster mushroom risotto, Boudin sausage, Manchego and roasted garlic broccoli
classic French macarons with vanilla French buttercream
Grilled cheese with pasta salad and broccoli cheddar soup
a very large Utz Red Hot chip. Switch controller for scale.
Ready for my post-turkey nap!
Stuffing, egg, and cheese, hot sauce!
Simple Smashburger with onions, cheese, pickles, and burger sauce
Pepperoni and Jalapeño pizza
Pork Gyozas
Jewish apple cake. We ate it all before I remembered to take a pic.
Slow cooking beef recipe
Leak Soup
Ham, Mushroom, Onion, Mozzarella and Mascarpone pizza
Corned Beef Hash with Poached Eggs and Heavily-Buttered Rye
chorizo nachos. Food challenge with some friends. Description in comments
Golgappa Filling Recipe|Pani Puri in Microwave in khadai|गोलगप्पे का मसाला|सड़क जैसा मटर फिलिंग
Smoked Prime Rib
Strawberry mochi
Elk Crown roast turned out beautifully. Thanks to everyone who posted recipes &amp; here’s the finished product as some of you asked for.
Sushi
Cross Section of Extremely Deep Cast Iron Pepperoni
Spicy Basil Fried Rice
Avocado Benedict
rosemary olive oil loaf
Lobster Roll with Cape Cod chips
Simple Cherry Chipotle Turkey meatballs
Chicken soup with dumplings
full english breakfast with bacon and molasses beans!
Crispy breaded cod fillet on a brown roll, splash of tomato ketchup
I ate a Vöner Kebab with Garlic Sauce and Spicy Chilli sauce, beaut!
Pork belly on the bone with divine crackling
Tandoori masala chicken in Sweden
Bangers n Mash
Poundcake
Key Lime Pie
Beef Bulgogi with egg and rice.
Made my ferst charcuterie board that had food that my toddlers and their picky father would eat. It was demolished in 20 minutes! Happy NYE everyone 🖤
Roasted chicken thighs with peach hot honey
Lahmacun/Lahmajun
Chicken Marsala with baby portobello &amp; creamy risotto
I like my burgers tall.
squid flavoured chips
smash burgers
Strawberry Vanilla Birthday Cake
sour cream and pear mini buntcake
Taiwanese honey soy chicken &amp; rice with veggies
better than boxed chocolate fudge brownies
Kheer puri and Aloo ki sabzi
Swedish lussekatter (saffron buns)
Chocolate cake with spiced vanilla rum simple syrup, salted chocolate buttercream, &amp; white chocolate drip. Finished with cake truffles &amp; crispearls.
, Bonemarrow on baguette.
Chicken, sausage, and pasta
Biscoff cheescake
Homegrown carrots
Sea Bass Tinta
Vegetarian Breakfast Tacos 🌮
Cinnamon Sugar Palmiers
buttermilk crescent rolls
silky mashed potatoes with a reverse seared prime New York strip
Tom Yum Goong Nam Khon — Creamy Hot and Sour Thai Soup with Shrimp
Spicy Gochujang Chicken on Basmati Rice
Crabcakes with mustard cream sauce
6 hour Roasted pork and vegatables topped with cheese.
Charcuterie Board with wine tasting
mushroom risotto.
Maple Walnut &amp; Salted Caramel Ice Cream Cakea
Moong dal tadka (yellow lentil curry)
Lemon-thyme dutch baby with lemon curd/maple syrup
good ol soul food 😍 Pot roast , yams , rice , baked Mac and cheese , bake beans and potatoes and the corn bread ❤️
Shrimp &amp; Snow Peas, Crab Rangoon, &amp; Egg Roll
Lobster Mac &amp; Cheese
Noodles With Shrimp
Chicken-bacon-cheeseburger in a fried brioche bun with cajun spiced fries.
2 Totino’s party pizzas cut in half with Kraft deluxe processed cheddar cheese spread between each layer = pizza grilled cheese sandwich!
an Avolato- ice cream made from, and shaped like, an avocado
Meatloaf, banana for scale
Hot Sauce + ingredients
Toast hotdog
My MINIPIZZA ;)
Strawberry muffins.
Raspberry Swirl Cheesecake
Just gonna leave this  lovely jubley spaghetti bologneigsey here and see how quickly im gonna get banned
Crusty white bread
Shrimp and Crabmeat Etouffee
Bourbon Ginger glaze chicken with blanched asparagus, and potato stack
Sourdough bâtard
Spicy fusion Malaysian mamak style Taglionlini
Spooky Candy Apples
Venison Stew with some root veggies
Barbecue Chicken &amp; Veggies on a Low-Carb Bun.
Pasta ala vodka with eastern influences
cheese burger with sautéed mushrooms
Minnie Mouse Pancake
quattro formaggio pizza with non meat pepperoni and jalapenos, air fried chips, coleslaw and side salad.
i made kimchi stew and bulgogi style pork! (sorry to all the koreans if this is an embarrassment to your food, i tried my best! 😂)
roast beef dinner
My take on the mushroom Swiss burger with a horseradish mayo
Stuffed portobello mushroom, rice, and seared asparagus.
Rustic egg noodles for the new year.
Week 37 - Finland - Karjalanpiirakka (Karelian Pies)
Short Rib Ragù with Fresh Pappardelle
Eating a wine and cheese plate and having a nice Pinot for lunch!
Pork lo mein
I need your help! I’m competing in the Greatest Baker contest. Based on votes - #1 prize is 10k. I am a  baker in Canmore that makes wedding cakes so COVID has changed my world. It’s free to vote. Vote every 24h!
Lobster &amp; Prawn Risotto
Cinnamon Buns with butter-rum filling and cream cheese icing.
Sở dĩ lò quay vịt bằng điện YXD 206 được các cơ sở cung cấp vịt quay lớn sử dụng phổ biến là nhờ tính chuyên nghiệp, tự động hoàn toàn, bạn sẽ không còn mất thời gian trông lò, canh chỉnh nhiệt độ như trước đây.
kimbap!
Challah bread. The weaving was more difficult than I thought.
Smash Cake for a friend. Vanilla/funfetti sponges. Buttercream icing. Edible gold spray.
Filipino Wonton Soup
Dragon fruit Pie, blueberries, chocolate, Easter buns, coconut , ginger, sugar.
soup for the soul
Nasi goreng with chicken drumsticks and peanut sauce
peach strudel
Caprese Bites  😋
Crepes with sautéed bananas and chocolate sauce
Oven baked samosa’s
Brussels Bacon sliders
avocados
From a great starter, with precision and care of flour, water and salt, comes wonderful sourdough!
Burger and fries
Dark Chocolate, raspberry, almond streusel muffins.
Spicy paprika chicken
QUỶ MÈO CartoonCat và AMONG US làm NÁO LOẠN Căn Bếp của Thánh Nấu Ăn - A...
Roast goose
Napoletana, “well done on the crust”
Biscuit
Gnocchi for less than $0.50 per serving
About to start cooking. Anyone who guesses what I’m making based on this image gets an invite to the table!
Unicorn Sugar Cookies
Christmas ham was a success! Any ideas for the leftovers?
Chicken breast wrapped with bacon and stuffed with garlic cream cheese. Scalloped potato’s and pan fried asparagus on the side.
Pot roast with creamy mashed potatoes
Gingerbread cheesecake with swiss meringue.
Quiche &amp; Crust with Bacon, Feta, Asparagus &amp; Homegrown Beets.
Italian roasted Long Hots with garlic, sweet onion and Sweet Italian sausage.
Loaded Pizza!
adding to the quarantine waistline, cajun fried turkey
Eggs with vegetables and strawberries
Open-face grilled croissant loaf with hardwood smoked bacon, free-range eggs and cholula sauce
Mini Croissants
Scrambled eggs, bacon, two pieces of toast (One with Ghee butter/cinnamon, the other with Wild Blueberry Jam)
Soup Dumplings
lemon berry cheesecake. Not bad for a guy with zero baking experience!
Jerk chicken, Jamaican rice and peas, and roasted medley potatoes
Shrimp Tempura
Fireball Rice Krispy treats
Sunday Roast Chicken
Eggplant zucchini mushroom green pepper tomatoes 💚💕
I made enough salmon to feed 4 wonderful people
Stir Fried Vegetables and Chicken.
Brined turkey breast with compound butter
Dinner Rolls with Smoked Salt
Lemon Sabayon–Pine Nut Tart with Honeyed Mascarpone Cream from The French Laundry Cookbook by Thomas Keller
green mung beans sprout salad ; cinnamon rolls for breakfast
Cast-Iron Seared Beef Tenderloin
leftover mushroom ravioli a++
Crab Roll
baked stuffed pumpkin
Spicy Food Challenge Fail
Double bacon cheeseburger
Korean Garlic Buns!
NYE charcuterie board
moist pumpkin bread
Bacon, Spinach, and Cheddar Frittata
Simple Bolagna and American Cheese.
Brisket Baked Potato.
Milk, Dark and White Chocolate Dipped Strawberries with an Assortment of Toppings
Frasier Cake with pistachio and rose water flavor
Made homemade portobello ravioli tonight! Took forever, but we are getting better at it
Plantain cups loaded with pulled pork (pernil)
garlic bread meatball sub
Moroccan salad
Rack of Lamb with Cabernet Sauce
India Masala Dosa
lasagna bolognese with a lemony kale salad paired with a Snoop Dogg wine
Ipswich Clam Bellies and Crab and Shrimp Louie
a double cheeseburger with American cheese, pickles, Ketchup, and mustard.
spicy doritos hot dog
Lamb cutlets on a bed of Mediterranean vegetables, topped with rosemary, mint, garlic &amp; olive oil dressing
Beef Carpaccio
Cheesy chilli chicken mini pizzas( that's also a toung twister)
Haiga rice with shaved matsutake mushrooms and an egg yolk
Baked Shells
Enchiladas Verdes and Mexican slaw
Are Some Foods Addictive - The New York Times
Knysza
Lamb shank
Squid ink spaghetti
Turkey BLT on Twelve grain bread
Pork Crown Roast for Christmas Dinner
Japanese Chicken Katsu Curry
Chickpea Sauté
Traditional Sicilian Cannolis
I love it. Mussels baked in cheese and garlic. I often cook this on holidays! It's delicious! Try to cook too
5hr beef shin chilli with home made spice blend
chicken chow mein
smoked pork loin with green beans and roasted potatoes.
Funfetti Cake
(from left to right) Hamburger, Bacon Cheeseburger with Onions, and Bacon Cheeseburger.
tacos.
The 6th Avenue Cheesecake: Burnt cheesecake with burned caramel ice cream.
Limpet Mollusks Salad - Making On Beach
CHEESE DIP
Blackberry and Mint Choc Chip Ice Cream
Baked Mozzerella Crusted Chicken and Capelleni Pasta with a Chickpea Cream Sauce
French Onion Soup on a perfect day
a Double beef patty, onion ring, 'secret' sweet chili sauce burger. Want a bite?
something oreo, something chocolate!
Margherita pizza and Cesar salad
Baked Queso Fundido Tacos w/ Green Onion &amp; Sour Cream
Does anyone want to snack on  Chex Mix while working from home?
shakshuka
a 1.7 meter long kebab
Pepperoni Pizza In A Wood Oven
Cinnamon &amp; Brown Sugar filled Kouign Amann
3 Ingredient Chocolate Mousse
Potstickers exist so I can remember home
Nana’s No-Cook Pickled Eggplant
A 30oz/850g rib eye steak with black caviar
Antipasti for pizza night!
Reese’s Peanut Butter Cheesecake.
Dosa, sambar and Coconut Chutney
Mulans breakfast
Goose instead of turkey
Roast chicken and veg
Grilled Pork Chop, Arriz Amarillo, Braised Collard Greens
Braised short ribs with parsnip puree and asparagus
Cheesy bacon fries
Joy in a bowl
A Large Barbecue Platter
Sriracha Butter Fried Chicken Tender Dog
beef chop suey, pork dumplings and scallion pancakes
Woman screams when asked to exit Southwest Airlines flight, viral video shows - Fox News
Reverse Seared Ribeye with Parmesan Asparagus and Roasted Potatoes
Greek yogurt breakfast waffles
56 تطبيق من افضل تطبيقات اندرويد مفيدة للهواتف المحمولة
Chupe de camarones (Peruvian shrimp chowder)
Ribeye made on a skillet
Roasted Salmon topped with a piccata sauce with mashed potatoes and lemon chili roasted broccoli
Japanese curry with chicken
Cottage (Shepherd's) Pie! So delicious!
entrecôte (sous vide)
pumpkin shaped pancakes!
Roman Style Carbonara Radiatore
sourdough rye boules and whole wheat loaves
Chocochip muffins
lemon tarts
NYC’s cheesy creamy artichoke Pizza
Orange olive oil cake with candied orange slices
Duck Soba
54 Quarts of Canned Tomatoes
Gnocchi all'Amatriciana
Per request showing inside of 36hr proof (24hrs will do) No knead Onion bread
Hamburger with homemade buns
Filipino style Pork Crackling (f*@^#g hot oil pour method,instead of deep fry)
Diver scallops over charred corn salad. 🌊
Surf and Turf with garlic bread and green beans with serano ham
Free Pizza for A year
Cheese Crisps Keto Nacho Chips Keto Tortilla Chips
Xmas Eve - Chateaubriand (slightly overcooked)
Steak frites with kalamata aioli
Lamb barbacoa 😅
Quite a heavy debate, but which ones better?
7 fishies for Christmas Eve!
This Korean Fried Chicken Sandwich is my favourite dish that I've had on a menu. It's sweet, sour, spicy, funky and oh so crunchy. Plus the Kimchi Mayonnaise will become you're new favourite condiment that you'll be putting on everything.
Sous Vide Buffalo Wings to usher in Football
eggs with veggies n feta
Kremna Rezina (cream cake)
Raviolis stuffed with Ricotta
Korean BBQ 🍖 😋
Scallops tartare with trout eggs. Smoked duck breast with butternut creme &amp; mushroom tapenade and lobster.
Gourmet Sourdough Burger
Pasta Casserole
chilaquiles! Best breakfast ever!
Mousse Cake - Black Sesame Cake with Matcha Mousse
shrimp medley
BAQUE BURNT CHEESECAKE
Spicy Salmon Poki Roll
Lemon coconut icebox pie with brown sugar graham cracker crust. @culisource
Pumpkin Scones with Maple Glaze
Seabass
Coconut Meringue Cookies
College students’ Christmas Eve dinner. Merry Christmas Everyone!
Pork Roast for Cubano Sandwiches. Recipe from BwB
Made some fruit tarts! I haven’t made them before and I made the shell too thick but nonetheless still delicious
Fried chicken sandwich
My Pancakes this morning
Today’s my special day
Pumpkin rice crispys
crinkle cookies
Stella Parks chocolate chips recipe. Worth it!
Orecchiette pasta.
Chansey Doughnut
Beet soup with orange zest, onion, carrots, celery, garlic, dill, beef broth, tomatoes, spinach, topped with sour cream, extra dill, and pumpernickel bread
Bacalhau com natas - traditional Portuguese dish
Paneer bhurji sandwich recipe | पनीर भुरजी सैंडविच
Lemon Gelato on a Brownie
Breakfast Burritos
Dry aged tomahawk and magnum if st emilion
French Toast, Milk &amp; Madu Bali
a giant canoli filled with smaller canoli as a birthday cake.
Parmesan, sauce and noodles
Smoked St Louis Ribs with Oven Fries
Apple Goat Cheese Tart
I made pizzas for my fiancée and I
doner over pita
Bacon Cheeseburger Skewers with Thousand Island Dressing
pancakes, lemon curd, berry whipped cream + sausage
Louisiana Congressman-elect Luke Letlow dies after being hospitalized with coronavirus - WAFB
Brownie Baked Alaska
Pasta with season lamb-balls and spinach and cherry tomatoes salad.
Pesto and Tomato pizza on a tortilla!
Lot Codes For Food Tracing: How Are They Used? - Forbes
Enchilada &amp; Marg
sugar free vanilla and hazelnuts ( Nutella) brigadeiros for my diabetic dad
Chicken over bok choy and yakisoba noodles
Green Colour Wheel Macarons
Mushroom Risotto
Chicken Litti.
Turkey plate for one.
Friday Lent Seafood
Crunchwrap supreme
Spinach and ravioli (give me the formuoli) bake.
Oatmilk Latte
Danish butter cookies and chocolate chip/double chocolate cookie box!
Mac &amp; Cheese Burger with Onion Rings
Shrimp and Vegetables in Red Thai Coconut Curry Sauce
Buttered Fettuccine noodles with Italian sausage and sautéed mushrooms
Tomahawk ribeye with mashed potatoes and garlic broccolini
chicken karaage with matcha salt
Cajun Chicken Pasta
Baby Cauliflower and Spiced Chickpeas with Beetroot Tahini
an Organic Golden Potato Roast Wrapped with bacon. Filled with Chicken Onions and Oyster Mushrooms! Was for a work competiton but t It is Topped with Lavender and Coffee Maple Toffee Seasoning and finished with a Moscato/Pino Nior wine butter reduction sauce! (modified Gotcha Pork roast.)
Pistachio cake with rose whipped cream
Carrot Spaghetti and Courgette with Tomato and Red Pepper Sauce
Blueberry Twist Bread Rolls Recipe!
Homemade raspberry tiramisu
Coconut Macarons
Peanut Szechuan Udon
Fried Mac 'n cheese balls
spicy smashed double cheeseburger
- I made Beef Stroganoff
Lunch in Albania.
Pork belly yaki onigiri
Rửa sạch cá, mực, tôm và các loại thuỷ hải sản với số lượng lớn ở các cơ sở chuyên cung cấp thuỷ hải sản tốn rất nhiều thời gian và công sức. Lượng cung cấp đến hàng chục tấn mỗi ngày khiến các cơ sở này không thể rửa nguyên liệu bằng các phương pháp truyền thống.
Palak Paneer
manicotti..all of it made by me...cheese too
Pumpkin cream cheese swirl muffins
Coffee encrusted tenderloin with oyster and chanterelle mushrooms, heirloom carrots and a red wine and beef reduction. Duck fat fried potatoes on the side
„Flammkuchen“ with cheese and Sucuk
Star Wars fans fight with lightsaber in snow, video goes viral - The Indian Express
Pickled pumpkin :)
Spaghetti con burrata e pomodorini
edamame stew
Yesterday's Meal: Today's Soup.
Pan-seared Pork with Sweet Mashed Potatoes, some Pan Sauce, and Mayo/Chili Sauce. , Also check my Instagram @ferdinand_2243. Thanks.
Halloween Swirl Frosted Cupcakes!
Asian country ribs
Oysters I Grew and Grilled
Made a Tiramisu!!
Brown Butter Chocolate Chip Cookie
StartupLanes presents 10 most promising startups of December 2020 - ANI News
Healthy Mushroom Briyani (Southern Indian Style)
Chicken Karahi
Crunchy Spider Surprise from the World of Warcraft Cookbook!
incredible Fried Chicken Biscuit with honey-sriracha aioli. The patty was huge, crispy and delicious. Let the fast-food giants have their chicken wars. For me, the battle has been won.
parmesan panko crusted scallops with parmesan penne
Sisig
Steak/pep/mushroom pizza topped with rockets and lots of lemon
Chilly Paneer
(Homemade) Orange curd and White Chocolate tart.
Boneless Buffalo Wings
creamy sundries tomato pasta with grilled chicken.
Deer heart tacos from the deer I got last year.
yammi pizza
Had a go at making Shoyu Ramen!
Ratatouille!!
Made some pumpkin lasagna and posted it in r/foodporn. It belongs here too. Recipe in comments.
Woman seen machete-slapping man in viral video arrested, charged - Loop News Jamaica
Chili encrusted Ribeye (with pepper-jack/garlic mashers, sautéed asparagus, and horseradish red pepper steak sauce)
Thanksgiving turkey
Christmas cookie cake
filet mignon and lobster tail dinner
Margherita Pie on the pellet grill.
Ceviche!
Christmas dinner for one
Pasta with salmon, spring onions and tomatoes
pizza with mozzarella, cheddar,pepperoni and mushroom
Chocolate cake with raspberry filling
Pan fried salmon, broccoli and mushroom stir fry, and rice.
Diced Peppered Beef Wellington with Tomato with a tomato relish
Salmon, Eel, Tuna, Tilapia and more Nigiri
100% rye sourdough bread
Pozole Verde for the first day of snow here in NE Oregon.
Mille Feuille
Beef Birria Tacos - Feliz Navidad!
Gummies
Lamb chops and cheesy jalapeno omelette.
Spaghetti Squash Shrimp Scampi. A healthy alternative! Couldn’t skip the sourdough garlic bread though...
Red Velvet bars with cream cheese frosting
Salted Caramel Millionaire’s Shortbread
cheesecake with cranberry curd and white chocolate
Chilli and sour cream on top of eggs... on a paper plate lol
Tibetan Logo Momo
warm sourdough bread
grilled peach and burrata salad with a balsamic drizzle!
Onion and Cheese Soda Bread
Salmon, Tuna, Avacado, Cucumber Roll
bacon mini sandwich with egg yolk sauce
just potatoes  . . .
Campfire Donuts
baked salmon
Beer Battered Fried chicken with garlic butter bread and homemade Barbecue sauce
Korean Beef Tacos w/ Sriracha Slaw
Great British roast dinner with gluten free yorkie
spaghetti w/ red wine!
Chocolate Mousse pie with chocolate leaves for fall!
Chinese delicacy
Cast iron pizza with garlic buttery crust
Grilled Filet Mignon and Grilled Lobster Tail
Chicken Karahi
Cauliflower and broccoli quiche with Cervelate - Easy and simple
I made Okonomiyaki
blackened shrimp over cheddar grits and wilted spinach with a garlic &amp; white wine sauce
Barbacoa (beef cheeks) with chipotles, jalapeños, and Anaheim chiles
Shrimp With Black Bean Sauce
waffles, bacon &amp; sausage links.
Egg Tartlet With Salted Egg Topping
Mustard-glazed Pork Tenderloin
Chicken with Polenta, Potatoes, and Tomatoes
Breakfast. Banana/Strawberry smoothie with heavy on the avocado toast.
Smoked Honey &amp; Brown Sugar Ribs. Smoked over mesquite at 225 for 3 hrs, then drizzled with brown sugar, butter &amp; honey, wrapped in foil and back in the smoker for another 2 hrs.
Overnight oats. Breakfast should be Just as sexy as any other meal.
Bbq sauce Chicken tenders
I ate homemade surf n turf! Thank God for cast iron skillets!
pizza tre colori
Banana choc chip pancakes with maple syrup and coffee.
Jjamppong (spicy seafood noodles)
Basic Chicken egg noodle soup
char siu
salmon tar tar with avocado roasted beatroot with crispy salmon skin
this 5 Minutes Instant Breakfast recipes
Spicy Chicken with seeweed and noodle 🍜
Chicken with white sauce
Meatballs and Spaghetti
Home cured ham
Drizzle wiped away ally lockdown sorrows.
Happy thanksgiving!
Greek porkchops
Chicken fried steak, garlic mashed potato’s, cream gravy and broccoli.
five course dinner

Shoyu grilled chicken, hot paprika potato wedges, salad with roasted sesame seeds n seaweed
tortellini soup
bagels. Perhaps I overproofed?
arby-style battered french fries
Christmas Ice Cream Cake
Penne alla vodka with chicken &amp; arugula salad
Iskender Kebab
Red Chili Pork Tamales
Chili Dog
Bun bo hue.
scallops, polenta, and sesame mustard greens
Pineapple Bowl
Sashimi Set
Air fried shrimp egg rolls
Roasted Ras El Hanout Chicken &amp; Beets with Oranges, Red Onion &amp; Kalamata Olives
sheet pan meal using Turkey Sausage and fresh herbs!
rack of lamb with mint and pistachio crumb, cheesy mash potato, roasted shallots, red wine jus, and buttered vegetables.
Bigoli with Red Pesto, Butter, Pepper, Chilli Flakes
Homemade Pizza.
Pecan Pie
Yearly Christmas sweets haul, marzipan cuts, chocolate-covered marzipan in almond chips, and coconut flakes.
Steak &amp; Chicken Tacos
English breakfast - eggs, sausage, bacon, beans, tomatoes, hashbrown, coffee, orange juice
Drunken halibut, fries, onion rings and fried seafood sampler
mushroom soup
Egg, sausage and cheese sandwhich
Hibiscus-lemon croissant.
Chipotle sweet potato &amp; black bean stew with cheddar dumplings
If you have A Student Email Id then You can Enjoy 6 month free trial of Amazon Prime then 50% off when trial ends
Wood Fired Margherita
" recipe
Homemade Buffalo Crispy Chicken Sandwich w/ Fresh Cut Fries
Delicious Prawns
Cheesy Butternut Squash with bacon and brusselsprouts
Baked Spanakopita Pasta with Greens and Feta
I made and ate trout with potato, parsley, garlic, lemon juice, olive oil, parmigiano reggiano &amp; almonds.
Nutter Butters
Woke up @ 8am yesterday and was baking until 2am this morning, I was in charge of the sweets and I never come empty handed!
Lo Mein noodles with vegetables
rosemary garlic parm steak!
Mushroom carbonara
turnips.
loaded potato soup and cheddar bay biscuit
A New Year's dish called "Osechi" in Japan
Broccoli and cheese pockets
Spicy lentil soup
a multi meat pho!
Snake River Farms Wagyu Strip Steak. Sous vide at 127 then seared on a cast iron skillet
Spicy Pork Noodles
Máy xay giò chả 2kg mang thương hiệu BẾP ĐỎ được sản xuất và phân phối phục vụ nhu cầu làm giò chả lụa cho các gia đình, hay các cơ sở sản xuất giò chả nhỏ lẻ. #máyxaychảlụa2kg #máyxaygiòchả2kg #máyxaythịt2kg
I've loved baklava for years and finally decided to try making some myself
Asian wok dish with tofu substituting for chicken.
(and almost finished) a ramen challenge
pizza rolls
oven roasted asparagus, zucchini and chicken thighs
Bacon &amp; Cheese omelette
Chopped Cheese Burger
I made pizzas! I found this super quick recipe for a pizza dough that uses instant yeast and takes 10-15 minutes (takes me 15 min to assault the dough though ‘coz my arms get tired fast 😅) to make!
grilled cheese perfection.
Hickory Smoked Beef Short Ribs
Cyclone omelette on a rice bowl with real maple syrup
Sign up on Rakuten and get $20 cashback on product above $20 hurry uplimited offer
A humble little bowl of Beef and Noodles.
White chocolate glazed donuts
Kale, Pineapple, Mushroom Barbecue burger
BEST JUNGLE JUICE RECIPE
Veg Biriyani
Brown sugar chess pie
Shaksuka with fried arepa
Meatballs!!!
Mexican lasagna
Butadon / Pork Rice Bowl
Eggs Benedict with Hollandaise Sauce and Canadian Ham
Got a new sheet pan, decided to christen it with a pan pizza
Yellowfin Tuna Ceviche
Lunch after gym: steak and leftover chicken salad 🥗
classic Carbonara
Manu Bhaker demands action against Air India employees for ‘harassment’ - The Indian Express
Meatloaf, onion rings, and cheese on a bun
10 Creamy &amp; Satisfying Pasta Dishes # For all pasta lovers follow 10 Creamy Pasta Dishes
QUATTRO FORMAGGI PIZZA.
Banana choc-chip muffins
New avo toast for brunch
NY strip with mashed potatoes and asparagus.
Pasta with potato and parmesan cream and crispy pancetta
margherita and pepperoni pizzas
Entrecôte with melon and feta cheese salad
Thailand bans food, drink, newspapers and magazines on domestic flights - CNN
Buttonwood smoked turkey stuffed with granny smith apples and onion
Piri piri chicken with sweet potatoes and long stem broccoli
Steak.
Seafood noodle 🍜 noodles are made from fish paste.
Toasts
Super Crunchy Fried Chicken Wings With Whisky Batter! (Video Instructions In Comments)
Lebanese Falafel
Pancakes
Lemon posset dessert
kiflice with feta
grilled Mexican chorizo
meat pies.
fried chicken
Teriyaki ham hock sandwich!!
Seared Swordfish
beef, baby onion, potatoes, carrot with rice
Granola,Chickenwrap
zucchini &amp; Parmesan pancakes
Tom yum
https://ift.tt/2LPgzke
Breakfast: Free range eggs with steak fajita, goat cheese avocado, chipotle sauce and a hazelnut latte
Ramen w/ Chashu Pork
Hot Cross Bun
Margarita variant. Half Mozzarella, half Emmentaler
Hungarian Mushroom Soup
Salmon teriyaki roll and butter garlic shrimp
spider cake
The turkey from yesterday's turkey plate
Shrimp fried rice lunch box
Veggie Fajitas
my fav vegetarian pizza
Cheese Buldak (Courtesy Maangchi's recipe)
copycat Friendly’a Reese’s PB cup Sundae, cause Friendly’s are hard to come by these days.
Vegetable soup and Ham Pickle sandwich
Hong Kong Style Fatty Beef Brisket Spicy Rice Noodle (Ho Fun) Soup
Marshmallows
I am learning how to cook,I made Potato Curry few days ago.
Extra blue cheesy Buffalo chicken dip topped with caramelized onions
Box full of vanilla pudding and whipped cream filled choux pastries
Chickpea and Sweet Potato Burger
Loaded Baked Potato Soup, Perfect for the Chilly Weather
Japanese Katsu Pork
Two Lemon and brown sugar sponge cakes. One with chocolate spread, the other with homemade jam.
Copycat Popeyes spicy chicken sandwich
Cánh gà chiên nước mắm (fried chicken with fish sauce glaze)
smoked salmon
tagliatelle with bolognese
Your Family Will LOVE These Cakes
Xiaolongbao
Check out my video on eating healthy and losing weight
smash burger
Chocolate chip pancakes
fried chicken with mango-curry and green garlic dip.
Spinash tart
Rustic bread
chicken katsu curry with crispy skin shards
Super runny Thanksgiving stuffing "hash eggs"
Roasted Sausages with Peppers, Onions, Potatoes, Garlic and Apple Juice!
Cinnamon Rolls
burger, bacon wrapped jalapenos, and steamed green beans
Peanut Butter Banana Pudding
Italian pizza.
gnocchi / moist balls
Cheddar/gouda au gratin potatoes
How to make the best egg ever and quickly
, Orange Chicken
Best combo of raita ever
Panang curry chicken 'pizza' topped with Thai basil, a mango coconut sauce, and mango-infused whipped cream
Pork Belly
Ribeye Surf and Turf
Thai Chicken Peanut Curry
Chocolate cake with raspberry filling and sprinkles
Smoked Gouda and cheddar grilled cheese
Mozzarella and asiago stuffed pretzels with rosemary.
Smoked Armadillo Egg
Mudbugs
this before and I would kill for it again
British Bangers
Made Pierogis, I’ve never made pasta/dumpling dough before today! They are also vegan friendly 😊
Cardamom rolls
Corn muffin, stuffing, green bean casserole, gravy, smoked turkey, twice baked potato, sweet potato casserole
Malabar fish curry noodle soup
Valentines Filet and roasted vegetables
Herb and cheese omelet with a roasted tomato toast
A dick.
My Fiance made chicken noodle soup
Super BLT
YELLOW FRIED NOODLE with CHICKEN
Shepherds pie
Egg Pakoras!
Breakfast
Umeboshi (Japanese pickled plums) Ginger
Hot cocoa, with some whipped cream, topped with crushed peppermint.
chicken and veggie stir-fry
pepperoni + black olives cheese pizza
Crispy Orange Beef
My feta, potatoes, parsley and garlic omelette
Sausage and Cheese Omlet
Latest Vacuumer Max Reviews ?
Spiced Layered Nut Cake
Onion bagel sandwich with sausage, scrambled eggs, and cheddar cheese
Medium Rare Strip Steak With Smoked Finishing Salt
celery soup
Minnesotan here. Second lockdown calls for TATER TOT HOT DISH!
I ate MoMo just now, A homemade delicious food. Wanna Taste Nepali Momo?
Veggie "burger" wraps with Tzatziki
Bacon cheese burger stuffed peppers with caramelized onions
Coal India Q3 results: Net profit drops 21.4% to ₹3,084.10 crore but EBITDA rises - Mint
feta-tomato bake with added spinach and artichokes. (Pasta added after) Absolutely delicious.
Crouton Loaf. (For making Croutons)
I  focaccia.
Gnocchi w/potato n eggplant delicious!
Dynamite shrimps
Qatayef x Scallion Pancake
Apple crumble coffee cake
Sfenj
Orange. I love when the pull is perfect
Double Cheeseburger and Fries
16 Hour Dry Brined Fried Chicken
Boujee fish and Chips
Reverse-seared Ribeye
home made Belgian waffles, chicken tenders, and maple bacon. Saturated in a made in Maine maple syrup/local honey blend that had been infused with Amish butter and fresh jalapeño.
Applewood Smoked Rotisserie Turkey
Chimichurri | The Jam Master | Ep. 1
Cevapcici with djuvec rice and ajvar
sausages
salmon &amp; salad
a cute pickle...
Spicy Chicken Masala Sandwich with Slaw and Sweet Potato Fries
Sourkraut Goulash
Ham, Egg &amp; Cheddar on Texas Toast
Keema Mattar
brioche buns
traditional wild mushroom and sauerkraut pierogis, potato and leek pierogis, and modern Big Mac pierogis.
Indian Chicken Biryani
Beef and Italian Sausage Lasagna
Eggs benedict + sweet potato hash browns
Grinch Velvet Cookies
General Tso's Chicken w/ sticky rice and stir fried choy sum
Another pineapple, poblano, pepperoni pizza, now with a pesto base
Bao buns with BBQ pork
Chunky Potato Leek Soup
Apple and Pork Goulash with Mushroom Pierogi
60% chuck, 30% sirloin, 10% bacon == 100% OMFG
Bread Pops with Cream
mix grain laddoos
focaccia bread
Pierogis with caraway kraut, sour cream, and slow-cooked onions
Roast pork, Yucca, black beans, maduros, white rice
Beef Schnitzel "Pizza", toppings include canned spaghetti, raw potato slices, pineapple and a buttload of cheese. What have I created.
Tex-Mex Enchiladas
Blueberry lemon pancakes and bacon!
Yukon Mashed Potatoes, Roast Turkey Breast, Pan Roasted Gravy, Sage Sausage Stuffing, Corn Bread Soufflé and Cranberry Sauce
Philly Cheesesteaks and a small, seasoned curly.
Two layer chocolate cake with chocolate-espresso buttercream frosting and toffee bits
Oatmeal chocolate chip cookies
Soy glazed chicken thighs
Oatmeal muffins
Salmon tartare, shrimp and avocado tartare, and octopus salad.
Gluteator - 20,16,12,10Leg Extension - 20,16,12,10 - hold 3 seconds at the topAbductor machine - 40,30,16,12,10Leg Press - 40,30,20,16,10Glute Kick-back Machine - 16,12,10,8Hip Thrust Machine - 20,16,12,10
Buffalo Chicken Fries!
SBI gearing up to start co-lending model for home loans - Mint
sweet and savory chicken with raisins and prunes
Bacon wrapped Oreos
Corn flakes cookies
A red velvet pastel floral cake.
Beet tartar
Cream Cheese Stuffed Garlic Bread
Butter Chicken Meatballs
Eggettes AKA Hong-Kong style egg waffles.
Souvlaki Ribs, Grilled Vegetables, Pickles, Rice + Garlic Bread
Bang Bang Shrimp Egg Rolls
Beef Pad Thai Noodles
a bacon cheeseburger and fries. Burger TimeMachine, Denton, Texas.
Hello Fresh Bulgogi Meatballs
Oriental snacks
Chocolate Chip Cookiea
lemon pyramid
Gigli Pasta with No-cook Tomato Sauce
Charlotte Royal and Vanilla Cupcakes
Typical Nicaragüense dish.
Chicken Stir Fry!
Rasgulla / Roshogolla (Authentic Bengali Sweet with detailed instructions - Anyone can make)
Healthy lunch
Garlic Parmesan Fried Chicken with Mashed Potatoes and Mushroom Gravy
vegetarian egg rolls
avocado toast with an egg
Christmas Tree Bread (Cinnamon Rolls)
My first smoked brisket on my first smoker!
Raised Doughnuts
Braised Short Rib, Brussels, and Risotto
Pork Fajitas
mashed carrots and cumin galette, orange caramelised haddock, iced carrot and reduced cider juice
Potato Tuk | Aloo Tuk |Masala Potatoes | Evening Snack | Quick Potato Recipe
Turkey sandwich
almond macaroons with french buttercream filling in festive holiday colors
Spicy Ramen
Perfect Sub Sandwich
Italian Tiramisu
Apple pies
Fried Kimchi Shirataki Noodle with Tuna and Mushroom
Pumpkin purée cheesecake with candied chestnuts.
Red wine-braised lamb shank
Breakfast, 4 eggs, toast and a porkchop from last night's dinner with sauerkraut.
Duck leg and potatoes
BBQ baby back ribs, cornbread and coleslaw
BLTE
Rib Eye, mushroom, brocollini &amp; risotto.
Seafood stew
pickled onions, soft boiled eggs, hummus, &amp; cooked tomatoes plus mushrooms.
Haneeth lamp, Yemeni food in Dubai
Cheesesteak w/ hand-cut potato wedges
beignets.
Chicken pot pie filling with drop biscuits and oatmeal scottie cookies for dessert.
Turtle Cookies! :)
Seafood platter
Pupusas de Chicharron with curtido and salsa roja
strawberry tart
Flammkuchen with chanterelles, bacon from black forrest and spicy Munster-cheese from France :)
Brioche Buns
Bibimbap missing egg, always as tasty
Sanuki Olive Fed Beef
Pumpkin Soup
Creamy Tuscan Chicken &amp; Asparagus
Cuban Sandwiches
My humble  bison burger in these tryin times
Whole-grain penne pasta with spinach, sundried and fresh tomatoes and garlic with addition of lineseed oil.
3 meat pizza
Steak, shrimp, sparagus, with chimichurri
Bangers and mash with garlic green beans and onion gravy
Frittata: Spinach, eggs, garlic, onion, sweet spicy sausage, colby jack cheese
Beer can chicken
Pepper Steak, Peanut Noodles, and Sake
burnt caramel pumpkin spice latte stout panna cotta
Polish vegetarian gołąbki (cabbage rolls), cabbage leafs stuffed with rice and vegetables, ready for the oven, to be served with tomatoe gravy
Thumbprint Cookies - Peach, Plum, Raspberry, and Chocolate
Chicken Marsala w/ Creamy Potato’s
Ispahan Croissant.
Chinese style salt and pepper pork ribs
Pesto spaghetti with chicken, hot chili and Parmigiano
Fennel Honey Crisp Salad
black garlic chicken wings and legs
Late-night Chinese delivery
pandan coconut croissant
Fresh baked sourdough bread
Yak burger with air fried French fries
Curry and rice
Moroccan chicken tagine with 🫒 and preserved 🍋
barbecued glazed ribs
Clam Chowder and Fresh Baked Bread
my fiancé’s meatballs with mozzarella!
Funfetti cake with vanilla bean buttercream
Butter Chicken / Roasted Cauliflower / Naan
🍓 Vegan strawberry tart with chocolate and custard filling🍓
a Dublin coddle
spinach lasagne, bolognese, bechamel
Meet my granola b(e)ars
Grilled Prosciutto Cheese &amp; Vegetable Soup
Avacado Beef burger 😊
4pc Nashville Hot Tenders w/Chipotle Ranch, Fries &amp; Cucumber Cole Slaw
Instant ramen with a slice of cheese is the ultimate college student hack
Beef Tacos (Soft &amp; Hard Shell)
Mac&amp;Cheese and Impossible ‘meatloaf’
Corn Muffin
How to Make Madeleine or cupcake""
Puerto Rican Pernil (Slow roasted, shredded pork)
Italian hot chocolate
Pecan-blondies
Pound Cake
Poached eggs, layered on fried onions, and dressed with tomato sauce and cilantro
carnitas&amp;al pastor tacos
Low Country Boil
Zereshk polo. Persian tomato chicken stew and barberry rice
stuffed croissants and kielbasa
Polenta + Red Pepper Kebabs w/ Vegan Pesto Peas, Mushroom + Spinach...
Spinach, bacon and cheese frittata
A new and exciting venture for an optimistic mom, wanting to start something new. Any feed back will be appreciated.
Popeyes chicken sandwich
Chicken Philly Cheesesteak
apple pie with french meringue
Personal Pizza
American Mashed Potatoes &amp; French Pomme Puree
Ice cream
Tried making vegan pizza
Kabuli Pulao
Air fryer top sirloin steak,  garlic butter &amp; green bean caprese salad.
Layered rasberry meringue and butter cream cake
rigatoni in red bell pepper sauce with hot Italian sausage
Surf and turf, broccoli, and Hawaiian rolls. Valentine’s Day feast for my more than deserving love.
Fish Tacos
Cheeseburger Macaroni and Cheese
grilled cheese w/ ham
crabcake Benedict
mummy appetizers
How to make Nigerian Roasted Plantain and Plantain sauce recipe cheap and healthy food
Low Carb Hibachi Bowls
rigatoni alla vodka
Buffalo &amp; bourbon barrel aged stout chili.
Mushroom bourgouignon with mashed potatoes
‘boneless wings’ made from ground turkey, onion bites, and blue cheese.
Kasespatzle (spatzle with Comte and Fried Onions)
German Pork Schnitzel with Fries N' Lemon
spinach, onion and feta egg white omelet
Chef John's Mojo Beef, and Kenji's Hasselback Gratin - Amazing!
New York cheesecake with strawberry sauce
happy family
What are these???? it and love it. I’ve tried forever to identify the ingredients of this salad and no one knows or can figure it out!! Anyone knows!!!
this food from China. I forgot the name. Can you help me out?
Fried avocados.
Pork Carnitas.
Birthday Cake
Poached and peppered duck egg, with green heirloom tomatoes and goat cheese, on Sarah Lee artisan toast...because were just fancy enough but still down to Earth and shit.
Showed my friend the reddit post of the Lemon blueberry bread, and It definitely tasted amazing 😋
Poké Bowl with minced soy, avocado, carrots, spinach and edamame
- My charcuterie board I made for my roommates and I
chicken pazole with toppings and tortillas
Biden limits eligibility for stimulus payments under pressure from moderate Senate Democrats - The Washington Post
Shrimp and Spinach Penne Pasta
Apple Dutch Baby Cake
pineapple juice seared salmon with parsley, mushrooms, and broccoli
Glazed and Cream filled Donuts
a Homer donut
Potatoes and Cauliflower
Pavlova with mango, blueberry, and lemon curds on a golden lamington with strawberry and blackberry gelees
A Sandwich
Ube Butterfly Pea Flower Cake
Chocolate Shortbread Biscuits
butterscotch cake made for my cousin’s birthday.
Banski Starets
Chocolate Nutella Cup
Don't know which of 100 cooking subs to ask this. Looking for help identifying those cookware brand found at goodwill
pan-seared wagyu rib-cap.
half roni/half mushroom
Crispy mojo pork tacos w/black beans
barbecue pulled pork and buns
Apple Day Apple Pie with homemade crust
Baklava
I am in love with this cheesecake  few days ago
food on YouTube
Mutton Bunny Chow
Asheville food trends: What experts got right, wrong, and what's up for 2021 - Citizen Times
Vanilla cupcakes
macarons with rose buttercream :)
Ribeye Steaks
Pasta Bake Bolognese
Pennsylvania Republicans block seating of Democratic state senator, take control from lieutenant governor - The Washington Post
at my college making cookies for lunch.
almond pastry with French roast coffee. Merry Christmas.
Olive Garden breadstick + Mac and cheese
Korean Cream Cheese Garlic Bun
Nachos w/Freshly Ground Chuck &amp; Brisket
Bacon cheddar quiche with  pie crust for breakfast!
Salad and grilled meat
Digital marketing
Thick focaccia with black bread flour
smoked pork spareribs
Chicken and bacon
Tarta de queso
It's banana bread day! Here's chocolate chip banana bread.
Chickpea and aubergine curry with braised rice and chibati bread (made at college)
The Spicy Chicken Sandwich from Mary Browns and it's Amazing!
creativity
Bone in smoked pork butts
Ginger nut biscuit flavoured cheesecake
Donut holes
Chaurice Sausage
Baked stuffing and bacon mac &amp; cheese
Mojo-marinated Grilled Pork Tenderloins
Black Bean and Mango Salsa Grain Bowl
Pad See Aw
My try at Detroit Style Deep Dish
Chocolate cheesecake
NY Strip Steak, Mac and Cheese with béchamel sauce, aged cheddar and Pecorino Romano, lemon pepper asparagus and a red wine pan sauce.
Ham and Cheese in  Puff Pastry
Poké Bowls
Bibimbap with Gochujang Sauce
Chicken, wood ear mushroom, oyster mushroom, cabbage and Thai basil in brown sauce over fried noodles.
Goulash
"Rice cake" cake
A kind of shallow sea shellfish, very delicious
Amazing Asian fast Foods you never heard
waffles and a cheese omelet for my son.
Cheddar Cheese Crackers
Tortoise eating persimmon
house made duroc bacon, dry cured, aged and smoked.
Turkey roulade stuffed with dark meat turkey sausage
Earl Grey Blueberry Muffins with Cinnamon Streusel
Gouda &amp; cheddar cheese fondue with toasted baguette, butter-seared steak, roasted broccoli, BBQ sausage, and seasoned fries.
Chicken Paprikas and Spatzle
Challah bread French toast with brown butter cinnamon sugar apples.
Spicy Tuna Onigiri
Lamb chops
Brunswick Stew
pumpkin jam Bakewell tarts with pralines pumpkin seeds.
Strawberry Amaretti Cookies
Perogies
Chai cinnamon swirl bundt cake with brown sugar icing
P&amp;P watch party, my version of high tea
I had  fluffy eggs!
Thick cut bacon wrapped roast potatoes
My brother's fantasy football, last place punishment last season was to chug 4 beers, eat a burrito and then run a 10k in racoon costumes. Epic.
Bow tie pasta with chicken, spinach, sun-dried tomatoes in a cream pasta.
Cheesy chicken &amp; roasted tomato pasta did not disappoint
Prime Rib.
sticky wings w/homemade coleslaw.
This is how I make stew.
bluefin/ hamachi nigiri
Bao buns with barbecue pulled porc and pickled red onion.
calamarata n ferro di cavallo with prawns
10 Amazing Healthy Eating Recipes for Weight Loss
My dad's Steamed Taro Cake (芋頭糕)
My take on the 1797 potato bread
wasabi, big mistake 🤮
My old reliable Kitchenaid is trying to run away from me.
Spam Musubi
Organic Vintage Style Setup for Tea Lovers❤️❤️❤️
Arroz con pollo and salsa criolla
Pancetta
Turkey katsu sub with soft honeymustard, bacon and cheddar in ciabatta
A Flakey Buttermilk Biscuit
eggplant meatballs, fresh pappardelle pasta topped with a citrus whipped ricotta and basil
Molokai Chicken and Luau Pig served with white rice and macaroni salad.
Brazilian lunch
chicken and Tokyo scallion yakitori with teriyaki glaze
honey mustard and orange glazed ham
Ribs 👌👌
a bagel with jalapeño cream cheese, sweet &amp; sour sauce, hot mustard and wonton strips
Jalapeño Cheddar Bagels
Haricot beans with soujouk and jalapenos
Sugar cookies for that special someone
Dryaged (3weeks) picanha
My attempt at stuffing a deboned chicken leg, with mashed potatoes and green beans.
Korean BBQ Full Spread
pene pasta with meatballs in marinara sauce
Eggplant Parmesan
- Filet Mignon and roasted asparagus
shrimp fried rice
chicken shawarma plate
NY Strip Steak(bone in), Cuban beans and jasmine rice.
pistachio pancakes with apples and pistachio butter
Garlic Butter Pull-Apart Bread
pha Thai
BBQ Spare ribs with mashed potato, Kale salad and Beans.
a custom supreme pizza... amazing
Veggie Fried Rice and Cucumber KimChi with a dollop of Garlic Chili Sauce and Gochujang
Christmas Turducken
Trying to perfect my burger.
Cheesy Bacon Potato Wedges
Ropa Vieja (Cuban Braised Flank Steak) with Yellow Rice and Black Beans.
Bison Strip Loin - Sous Vide/Reverse Sear with garlic, thyme and parsley.
Roasted Turkey
Angry and happy blackberry hand pies.
pissaladiere
vegatable mix pan with vegetables from biological balcony garden and the market
When your ambition is greater than your skill.
Sweet n Sour Shrimp and Vegeteble Fried Rice
Roast beef, gouda, coleslaw, on toasted sourdough.
pistachio rose water cake
Hey guys!!!! how did I do?? Little soggy but great!!! Any praise or criticism is allowed, thanks!!!
Pulled pork, dill pickles, and red cabbage slaw- everything on the plate is homemade
my kind of borgor
Chocolate Covered Strawberries!
Quick tuna ceviche
Bacon seared scallops with broccoli and mushroom scampi with crispy bacon garnish.
Seared Ribeye with Garlic Mashed Potatoes and Corn on the Cob
Chicken piccata and arugala salad
Handmade Fettucine with Black Truffle
IND vs AUS, 3rd Test, Day 5 Live Score: Rishabh Pant On The Charge, Smacks Blazing Fifty - NDTVSports.com
Biscoff Truffles
ginger cookies when you dont have gingerbread man cookie cutters😂
Potluck?
Honey mustard chicken wrap
ribeye with mac n’ cheese
Teriyaki glazed, grilled steelhead trout over a bed of grilled Napa cabbage and butternut squash zoodles.
Smoked Bbq-ed tomahawk steak with homemade herb butter, rosemary infused potatoes and vinegar flavoured tomatoes
bagels
Hotdogs on  copycat Olive Garden breadsticks
"Healthy" fry up
Porkalicious Brisket Queso Burger
Green tea meringues
Yule Cookies!
Pancake américain FZ FOOD بان كيك
Spinach Tortellini skillet with crimini mushrooms and veggie ground round
Fall Charcuterie &amp; Cheese Board
Buttermilk fried chicken that looks like a human heart
Smoked Turkey Pot pie
Spinach Crepes stuffed with sauteed mushroom mix with a side salad
cake with only 3 ingredients
Pikania
sweet scones!
Steak frites with shiitake mushroom sauce
Milk=THICC orange juice=also THICC if you even get this meme,because Reddit wants me to add that
Chicky pot pie
Bear Meat Hotdogs
Spaghetti
Smoked Chicken Thighs
cheesy sausages
Grazing board
spaghetti carbonara and roasted tenderstem broccoli
Line-caught Oregon Salmon Fish &amp; Chips
Pay Rs 400 crore and travel to space station! Meet first private space crew - DNA India
The integral part of Punjabi Culture.
Barbeque Chicken Sliders
. 1/2 Blueberry 1/2 Apple bc I make the rules
Chocolate &amp; Peanut Butter Banana Nice Cream
some confections for Valentine’s Day.
Smoked chicken wings. Buffalo sauce, with veg and ranch
vegetarian chili with quick pickled onions and sourdough
Assorted Tortelloni, Ravioli and Mezzelune
Deep-dish Pizza
Southwest turkey breakfast for dinner.
Filet Mignon Au Poivre, Crispy New Potatoes in Brown Butter w/ Garlic Confit &amp; Cipollini Onions, Roman Peas &amp; Prosciutto
Smoked Pork Shoulder Ham
White sourdough sandwich bread
steak
(TACO BOWL) @blendoffusion (YouTube &amp; Instagram)
Mini cooking
Beef Bulgogi Bowl with rice, avocado, edamame beans, radishes and won ton crunch
Classic British fry up.
Winter Storm Orlena Will Hammer Midwest, Including Chicago, This Weekend, Then Become a Nor'easter | The Weather Channel - Articles from The Weather Channel | weather.com - The Weather Channel
soft pretzels
Potato cutlets
Smoked BBQ pork shoulder and smoked chipotle mac &amp; cheese
Paniyaram recipe in Tamil || coconut oil paniyaram recipe || how to make...
Mushroom Kimchi Fried Rice
Vegan Chocolate Chip Cookies
smoke ribs
Fettuccine with a mushroom, ham, and cream sauce served with a side of garlic bread
Reverse Seared Beef Tenderloin and Shrimp with Buttered Mushrooms and Sauteed Broccoli
https://ift.tt/3r5d9ZF
Chocolate and Salted Caramel Bites
Chinese New Year Macarons
Cooked myself lobster, handmade pasta, ans brussel sprouts for my birthday
Garlic Aioli, Spinach, and Mozzarella Burgers on Pretzel Bun with Sriracha
scrap challenge: candied ginger and raisins bavarois with almonds, orange zeste and marinated melon
Nachos!
Peanut Butter &amp; Chocolate Buffalo Cookie 🍪
chicken bone broth based mushroom barley soup
Garlic Parmesan soft pretzels
Pumpkin-Pecan Cookies
- Cinnamon roll waffles
Blueberry Pancakes w/Sausage
pierogi, golumpki, bigos, and kielbasa
Air fry JUICY PORK CHOPS JUICY
White Chicken Chili soup
Carbonara!
Hummus Platter (Sweet Potato, Broccoli, and Roasted Red Pepper)
LISTEN: Inside the viral video of a Wasilla police officer's forceful arrest - Alaska Public Media News buttered pretzel
Getting Ready for Jerk Chicken Wings
potato tagine
Bơ hạt điều và 7 tác dụng tuyệt vời cho sức khoẻ con người
Mille-feuille
Butter chicken and basmati rice
salted chocolate brownie cookies, offerings to santa this year
Peanut Pork with Basmati Rice
Spinach and feta veggie burgers, garlic lemon orzo, tzatziki
Chocolate Chip Cookies. Check out the full recipe on @ishti_eats
NYPD makes 1st arrest in viral video of bikers attacking SUV - Yahoo News
Masala Doodh Mini Cheesecakes | Jam Lab. #cheesecakes #delicious #diwali #diwali_dessert_idea #masala_doodh_mini_cheesecakes #mini_desserts
Airtel returns to black, post Q3 consolidated profit at Rs 854 crore - ETTelecom.com
Everything ramen with soy scotch egg and sour plum sauce.
Chicken Schnitzel with a Creamy Mushroom Sauce and a Garlic-Herbed Spätzle
Ph 🇵🇭 late post happy new year everyone 🥰
Avocado Mayo Chicken Club Sandwich
Bacon and potato hash, scrambled eggs, and homemade waffles
Beef wellington Christmas Eve dinner w/asparagus and a charcuterie spread.
Khlas crystallized date
Chiles Rellenos
Hawaiian Style Breakfast Fried Rice with Sweet Filipino Longaniza
Sesame Beef and Broccoli
Chole chawal and paneer pakoras! Perfect winter lunch.
greg_the_gammer Twitch
Arctic char gravlox, with dill, pickled red onion, and capers.
Warm and autumny oats with peanut butter, freshly grated nutmeg, cinnamon and nuts
Steak with chimichurri, with garlic mashed potatoes and garlic bread as sides
Avocado Toast
Chinede spring roll
Irish sausage piggies in home made cheddar biscuit blankets
2020 was the year of the  Beef Wellington
Grilled Split Chicken Wings and Drumettes, Unseasoned On The Left For Hot Sauces (Habanero &amp; Bhut Jolokia/Ghost), And Marinated On The Right With Walkerswood Hot &amp; Spicy Jerk Wet Rub
Birria Quesatacos. These things are the next Mississippi Pot Roast. So good!
Shoyu Ramen
Cheese Burst Pizza Without Oven Recipe | Cheese Burst Pizza | No Oven Pizza Recipe (https://youtu.be/eHL5_zZe8Qo)
Tried my hand at a  folded egg sandwich and was not disappointed
Udon noodles with blood orange namjim by Ottolenghi
Henry’s Tavern Sandwich ..
Vietnamese baked banana cake
Pork broth, marinated roasted pork belly, soy marinated soft boiled eggs, roasted baby bok choy, udon noodles, and nori.
Special chicken recipe/ කොලොස්ට්‍රොල්ද? මෙන්න එහෙනම් තෙල් නැති චිකන් කරිය.
Korean Beef &amp; Rice Bowl
https://ift.tt/2Y4SuID
Sweet Chili Shrimp and Rice
Lấy Dòi Bọ Trong Hoa Quả Thối Rữa Để Làm Súp Ăn🤢 | Crazy Chef - Funny St...
Who is ready for NYC Restaurant Week To Go!
Plazma Pie
Festive cupcakes &amp; cookies
Pork-wrapped-pork.
Seared Pork Tenderloins with mashed potatoes and a Marsala sauce
Bojangles
Funnel Cake Fries
Thai Chicken Green Curry
rate the meal
"Quarter Pounder" Style Double Cheeseburger on Brioche Buns.
Persian Kebab
Creamy pasta. Well. It was gonna be.
Was a lot better then expected could only finish half as it was so filling
Penne with Pesto
Cappuccino in 5 minutes
gam and olive pizza
Vietnamese Fish Sauce Chicken Wings
Old Cheddar &amp; Montreal Smoked Meat Grilled Cheese
Honey Garlic Glazed Salmon with couscous and chunky salsa
Vegetarian borsch
Penne Boscaiola &amp; caprese salad
red velvet chocolate chip cookies
Chicken marsala, polenta and kale
Cakesicles &amp; bonbons
I learned how to cook this quarantine! Steak and eggs!
Vit-D Booster Dairy Galore Breakfast.
duck noodle soup
Chicken and cheese taquitos
Birthday Cake w/ Chocolate Drip and Buttercream - Red Velvet and Cheesecake Inside
Dutch Baby
kimchi brined fried chicken with gochujang drizzle and kimchi Mayo
Balsamic Roasted Beet Salad w/ Goat Cheese
Juicy Lucy
Honey BBQ wings
Black Garlic, Beer, Bacon Onion Jam n Cheddar Swirl Bread
Christmas Charcuterie Board
hot chicken togo at Hattie B’s Nashville. I never take pictures of my food but was taken aback by absolutely breathtaking this piece of chicken was (Togo none to less!) and had to get photographic proof of it.
Arancini with homemade aioli and arrabiata sauce.
Perfect PB&amp;J?
Curry Chickpea filling for Trinidadian 'Doubles'.
this "Georgia Red Hot" dog with mustard, onions, and relish on a New England style bun
cherry bombs. My peppers grew so great this year.
Soft pretzels with flakey sea salt
Rasmalai cake
Potato skins and fish sticks
Arugula and Proschutto grilled pizza
german u-boat food
Birthday Cake with Cream Cheese Frosting
beef stroganoff
Chocolate cake
Pineapples for da pineapplechamp!
Cheesy Brussel Sprouts
Máy làm xúc xích công nghiệp tự động buộc đầu hay còn được gọi là máy đùn xúc xích tự động định lượng với năng suất cao đến 500kg/h. Kết hợp đùn xúc xích và túm buộc chỉ ngay lập tức giúp công đoạn làm xúc xích trở nên nhanh chóng, tiện lợi, tiết kiệm nhân công.
Asian fusion tuna pasta with dried red chillis and oyster sauce and Korean broccoli side. Spicy and delicious! Recipe courtsey Marion's Kitchen.
Rasberry Pancakes
Creamy Chicken Pasta
Dumpling/potstickers with chilli oil
hashbrown omelette collab with sausage, cheese and green onions
Double Bacon Cheese Smash Burgers
Diner Style Breakfast
. stuffed bell pepper with paprika quinoa
Gochujang and honey chicken thigh
Cheesy vegetable soup, bacon, green onion, sour cream and some bread for the dippy!
Cookies!
300gm scotch fillet with scollop potatoes... what green to I need?
Cast-Iron Steak with Compound Butter
Twice Cooked Pork
Middle Eastern inspired plate. Homemade zhoug over fried fingerling potatoes and tzatiki sauce cucumber, tomato and feta salad, quick-pickle jalapeño and onions
Tian
spicy seafood stew. Perfect for the colder weather.
Spaghetti Aglio e Olio and Chicken Escalope
Lote mach recipe bengoli food
Vegetarian ramen
Sichuan chilli oil soup with beef
Pit Smoked BBQ
Sausage Rolls by my mom. She has started baking during the quarantine and I think it has paid off.
Gulab Jamun
Leftover Short Rib, Mac N Cheese, and Toasted Breadcrumbs.
Chicken Sandwich with Reaper pepper sauce.
Small Full English Breakfast.
Herb crusted chicken thighs and bucatini cacio e pepe
Pretty spring rolls with edible flowers, shrimp and veggies
fried an entire chicken rotisserie style, crispy skin on all sides.
My m&amp;m bag was inflated when I opened it and they aren’t usually
charred shrimp with green tea soba noodles
My friend made Mapo Tofu today. He doesn't believe Reddit will like it. Help me prove him wrong and turn him into a believer!
chicken noodle soup, sometimes simple is best.
Slow cooked pulled chicken burger
- Strawberry Flower Pastry
Could of tried to make it look better but it is what it is.....
Homemade rolled egg omelette
Japanese Bento
guajillo chile roasted cauliflower and sautéed black bean tacos on homemade yellow corn tortillas
ribeye pepper steak and egg rolls
Surf and Turf with asparagus and cheesy bacon mashed potatoes
asparagus wrapped in pork belly
Neanderthal`s 41,000-year-old skeleton all set to resolve this long-standing mystery - WION
Stuffed Poblanos (pepperjack, cream cheese, golden raisins).
All-new 2021 Tata Safari first drive review on video - CarToq.com
Recipe
Sweet Gavvalu Recipe in Telugu with Wheat Flour పాకం లేకుండా గోధుమ పిండితో తీపి గవ్వలు
smoking turkeys for turkey day. 18 hrs to go.
Mint-miso soup, salmon broth and seared bits, caramelized onion
egg bites!
Pollo ahumado and costillas
Kenji's Oven Fried Buffalo Wings. Best wings I've Ever Made
Hot Dogs.
Gruyere, Mushroom, &amp; Caramelized Onion Bites
Beef tenderloin tacos
Pumpkin bread with a cream cheese layer.
Manacotti
Food Sitting In Pepsi for 7 Days
Chile verde chicken, Spanish rice and charro beans
3-Queens Popovers
pizza (slice)
prime rib rossini with dauphine potatos and harvest vegetables demo plate
Perfectly imperfect 2 egg omelette made with tomato, spring onion and smoked cheese.
Chocolate Butter Pecan ice cream in a waffle bowl with sprinkles
Alaskan Cod Tacos with mango salsa and cilantro like cream
Peppered Beef Jerky
Shrimp Vermicelli Bowl
Blood Orange Olive Oil Upside Down Cake
Tortilla de espárragos verdes y ajo de oso
pulled pork smoked hickory Shepard’s pie with bacon weave.
crispy oven tofu w peanut sauce
Chinese Noodle Recipes
https://ift.tt/2M4xdN1
Open faced sandwich
Copycat Zuppa Toscana from Olive Garden
Cruffin - Spiced Apple, Spiced Caramel, Vanilla Pastry Cream, Pie Crust Crumble
country breakfast, no toast.
Mincemeat pie
A darn tasty buttermilk chicken sandwich
Pork shoulder steak with garlic green beans and rice.
smoked pork ribs
Breakfast for one.
Pecan Fudge Brownies
Mochi brownies
Tofu bibimbop with gochujang sauce (from paste)
pumpkin pie, including the crust and whipped cream!
Out of the oven  burger buns
Pumpkin cream cheese roll.
Beef pot pie.
Timelapse what will happen to Flour inside Tea For complete one week -
Pork Belly Pasta
One Pot Chicken Pasta
Nothing cuter than a tortoise sliding down a hill
my gf put her new noodle maker to very good use
*Gumbo Deluxe: Louisiana-style roux, lump crab, massive scallops, jumbo shrimp, spicy andouille sausage, crab legs and chicken w/ a cajun lobster tail*, *spicy, black-eyed pea salad*, *and a honey-baked cornbread w/ sweet vidalia onions*
thanksgiving leftovers
Chocolate and espresso Babka!
BBQ short ribs, scallops, bacon, fried potato and corn
Mississippi pot roast
bacon and onion frittata garnished with homemade roasted bell pepper pesto and parsley.
A5 Wagyu
Pickles and Kraut. Lacto fermentation makes things delicious!
Herby pork chop with butter beans and green beans!
Cioppino and garlic bread
Dublin Coddle w/Irish Soda Bread
Salt and pepper chicken, swede and chopped Brussel sprouts with bacon bits in a cranberry sauce with hazelnuts
Campanelle "Little Bells" or Gigli "Lily" pasta
I made some Chorizo Sandwiches with russet potatoes, romaine lettuce, Mexican crema, sour cream, mild salsa de verde, and toasted Kaiser rolls.
Easy chicken and dumplings
Pizza
Portuguese Egg Tarts (Pastéis de Nata)
Thai chilli basil with chicken
Mushroom ravioli with a sage pine nut browned butter sauce
Clam chowder in bread bowl topped with bacon.
Carnitas Nachos
Vienna Cheesecake
Stuffed butternut squash//black rice, apple, walnuts, kale, auribella cheese, vegetarian 'beef' crumbles
Gnocchi arrabiata with mushrooms and a side of garlic bread
Shishito Peppers with lime and furikake
Pepperoni olive and ham wood fired pizza.
Teriyaki ribeye on sushi rice
BBQ Pork Belly burnt ends
Buffalo Chicken Wrap w/ House Ranch, Rice Pilaf
Lace Oatmeal Cookies
SARMA
Blood orange and olive oil cake
Ramen with snow peas, bean sprouts, pan-fried sriracha tofu, pickled cabbage, scallions, and 2-day marinated soft-boiled eggs!
lemon pie (it was tasty)
BBQ Bacon Chicken and Waffle Fries
Massive King Crab Legs
our inaugural grinding of our own hamburger meat. Top one is using the larger grind, bottom is a smaller grind. Mix was about 70/30 meat to fat. We used leftover fat trimmed from a brisket (from before) we smoked the other day, and angus top round for the rest.
Herbs and Nuts Crusted Salmon
Wellington
Duck egg over rice.
Focaccia Muffuletta
Yorkshire pudding
Starbucks copycat lemon blueberry loaf
burnt candied almonds.
midnight snack Hot Dogs
ceasar chicken salad
how to create picoworkers account 2020
Grilled Tofu with Pickled Veggies “Bành mi” Inspired Sandwich
Khubz
Rice and Veggie Buritto
Filet with Roasted Brussels
Vegetable Pad Thai.
Chocolate glazed donuts.
Masala Puffed Rice Snacks
Chicago Style Pizza
https://ift.tt/35TYmZs
Cheesy broccoli and chicken
American biscuits and British scones
Shout out to u/marmata75 for this idea! Gnocchi alla Sorrentina! Everything  apart from the mozzarella 🤣
Capio e Pepe (with handmade pasta)
My grandpa makes the BEST STEAK!! This is after 4 minutes.
McDonalds international restaurant at HQ
Classic Steak and (smashed) Potatoes
A whole bricked chicken
Popeyes gets into GameStop, AMC stock action with free food while Subway has a tuna deal following lawsuit - USA TODAY
Chapati (Indian Bread)
Pastrami Sandwich with Russian dressing and kimchi slaw
korean dukkbuki- spicy rice cake with fish balls and boiled egg
Wine Braised pork Belly
Grazing table I made for a Christmas party!
Pandan Cake w/ Coconut Caramel and Vanilla Buttercream
general tsos chicken
Shrimp n Grits in New Orleans!
Meatball Provolone Sandwich
Claypot rice
Pork Chop in Stile Milanese
Tofu bibimbap
Chicken enchilada soup
Smoked Pork Butt after 14 hours
The Ulster Fry - Pork sausage, black pudding, back bacon, grilled tomato, grilled mushroom, potato farl, scotch pancake, soda bread and farm fresh eggs.
Texas Wagyu Brisket
Everyone, meet my Labradoodle pal, Seamus.
Romainan Mititei
Gingerbread, cranberry and white chocolate tart
Paella for my mom's Spanish theme birthday party
Honey Garlic Butter Pork Loin
Raspberry waffles with blueberry Greek yogurt and honey.
Chicken döner kebab plate.
3 key takeaways from Friday's CPAC event: Speakers stand behind Trump - ABC News
Gemelli Pasta with Broccoli in Garlic Cream Sauce
wild caught Shrimp &amp; Lobster salad
BBQ beef ribs
Chipotle Roasted Pepper Soup w/ Garlic Bread
Bourbon Pecan Pie
Bicol Express over Jasmine Rice
Cantonese-style Roast Pork and Duck on Rice
Spicy chicken parm sliders w/ a side of grapevine leaves
jacket potato with baked beans, cheese and pepper
Pork Loin With Lemon And Sage.
Lebanese stuffed zucchini + bell pepper
Keto waffles (made with eggs, cheese, almond flour, baking soda, vanilla), topped with whipped cream, strawberries, and sugar-free syrup.
Chinese pork dumpling with sauce and soup
White Chicken Chili with Grilled Cheese
Spicy pickle breakfast sandwich
Apple cinnamon cupcakes
Made by my warts. I don't know the name of this dish!
birthday cake s’mores cookies
cream puffs!
Shepherds Pie
cacio e Pepe pizza
St. Louis Cut Ribs
egg bites with spinach, mushrooms, onions, ham, and habanero cheese
Eggnog (with nutmeg and cinnamon)
Banana Beet Smoothie
Lemon macarons
Banana cream pie for pi day
Smoked pork loin with an improvised crust consisting of chopped garlic, mustard, herbs, Parmesan, olive oil, honey hog bbq rub, and holy gospel rub.
roasted chicken
rice balls, cheese corn and spicy rice cakes
Honey Glazed Salmom
this week's sourdough loaves.
Yogurt with granola
Pizza Margherita.
this Ferrero Rocher macaron
Apple Wood Smoked Cheddar
Apple Jelly
Rocky Mountain Buffalo Oysters
French Toast -Dutch Baby-Yorkshire Pudding hybrid!
Chicken tikka
Garlic butter naan, hummus, tzatziki, and beef shawarma
Chicken mole and rice
Coq au vin
Pizza #missionefornelli
Grilled Chicken Shawarma With Tahini Sauce ""
Too tired to read? Listen to your favorite books on "audible". Start your free trial now.
Fiorentine Eggs w/truffle
Cranberry flavored sourdough bread
Happy Diwali
honey almond whole-wheat cake with a date molasses whipped cream-topping.
-Knockoff Popeye's Chicken Sandwiches
lemon rice pudding
Jambalaya
scallops “a la parmesana”
After putting off the attempt for so many years, I finally learned how to make  Pho’
BBQ Ribs, Rice and Broccoli
Roasted Tomato Soup, with Applewood Smoked Bacon crumble and Grilled Cheese Pretzel Croutons
Rainbow Birthday Cake with Strawberry Filling and Dark Chocolate Ganache
Cream of Early Grey ice cream
Pizza.
- Stuffed Bell Peppers (Dolma) w/ homemade yogurt
Rosemary roasted salmon with asparagus and potatoes
Sunday brunch
Buttermilk Pie
Tomato soup with olive oil and fresh basil

Burger King is giving away gift cards!
Korean Fried Chicken
Chicken Gnocchi Soup
Creole Gumbo
Falafel, over a bed of white rice.
"beefless" vegan ramen
Chicken Curry.
Pulled Pork on a potato bun with Memphis style bbq sauce.
Street Food From Around the World in Portland Oregon! | Food Cart Pod | Food Trekker
Almost the end of the year Chocolate Oliebol (Deep fried doughnut ball) with Nutella on the inside (Oliebollen Dutch tradition)
Ribeye, Lemon pepper cayenne zucc, Lamb Merguez
Yellow cake
blueberry cheesecake
Winter special chatpate dhania Aloo | UP's famous Aloo Kachaloo recipe | Tangy Potato recipe
Russian Apricot Chicken Breast
Leftover Oatmeal Sticky Buns
Meat Goblin for Halloween Pumpkin pie and boy its good!
Bacon Wrapped Crown Roasted Pork with Apple Stuffing.
Sunday Breakfast
Spinach garlic pasta, chicken cutlet
stir fry dish
Chicken, Bacon and Broccoli Spaghetti in Creamy Tomato Sauce
Tacos
$7 of beef bones = 4 gallons of pho broth. First time doing it proper where you roast the spices in a pan. Gonna simmer for it for a full 72h or more. My apartment smells amazing.
Chicken and Lentils
Sausage-Stuffed &amp; Pancetta-topped Chicken Breast with Pan Sauce Cream Gravy and Roasted Carrots
Dipped strawberries
First turkey!!
Nothing can replace  food
Saffrons bun/Danish pastry with almond filling
gochujang grilled chicken wings
a French Baguette in France with some French Camembert
marshmallows
Vegan Christmas dinner
Hempmate CBD Nachtcreme
Cacio e pepe with  pasta
Hello Kitty themed sugar cookies
Giant pop tart!
Chocolate Geode Cake with Buttercream Icing
Chocolate twist star loaf
My partner and I made  sushi
Korean dosirak
grilled cheese with pickles, cheese, chipotle mayo, mustard
Fresh Pappardelle Pasta, Red Wine and Crimini Ragu and 2 yr old Parmigiano Reggiano
Sheriff: 3 dead in gun store shooting in New Orleans suburb - The Associated Press
The Behavioral Science Behind That Viral 'Octopus Punching Fish' Video - wgbh.org
Anyone ever try their hand at Fesenjan (Persian Pomegranate Chicken)? Whipped this up tonight after a recommendation from a friend and was thoroughly impressed!!
Seared Ora King Salmon belly
Hotpot with bokchoy, fried tofu, sliced veal shoulder and pork.
Hotdogs with cheddar sauce and caramelised onions
India’s move to deter digital monopolies may hit Amazon, Walmart - Mint
Deborah Birx said Trump was being given ‘parallel data’ on covid-19 - The Washington Post
Rate my quiche?  crust too 😋
Ok but ain't these the best hot chips rn🔥🥵
NY Strip, golden potatoes, and garlic green beans
i made chicken thighs while having DDD in the background. this was posted on my instagram as well
Millionaire Slab
César beef tartar on crispy won-tong chips.
Sugar Cookies!
laminations
Green Enchiladas simple family dinner
Grouper Piccata
Gnocci and samphire in brown butter and sage sauce
I’m 15 and I’m trying to cook my sadness away so here’s one of the ribeye steaks I cooked last night
Vegan Shepherds Pie
Vietnamese che dessert
korean meatballs, korean fried chicken bao buns, fried rice, dumplings, green beans, and Asian salad cups for new years Eve
Baked Ham
Chicken tendies and French Fries
my attempt at shrimp and grits was a success
Are these olives edible? They are canned black olives, good for another year. So why are they green? The can wasn't damaged. I put them in a dish but now I'm regretting that choice, I don't want to get sick OR throw my whole meal out.
Dungeness crab pasta
Nice dinner
Loaded potatoes
Burger I made: homemade brioche, homemade ketchup, gruyere and homemade rosemary mayonnaise. Patty medium rare, added only salt. Threw baby rucola for some color. Perfection!
Lemon-garlic shrimp, lobster ravioli
Thai Basil Chicken with a side of Bok Choi
Caramel Smith Island Cake
Baked mussels in cheese
birthdaycake
Ham &amp; Beans w/ Corn Muffins
This is my so going back for seconds. Anyone else know how good that feels?
Salmon and watercress fishcake with herby potatoes.
Tomato sauce , fresh basil, &amp; burratas over pasta. Soooo yummy .
chimichanged chipotle burrito and it was amazing
smoked brisket
triple chocolate cookie cast iron skillet sundae
Italian pizza
Chocolate Chip Cannoli
Smoked Beef Back Ribs
Best Arbi Sabzi Recipe in urdu kachaloo
Delicious Garlic mozzarella bread with spelt flour
Sushi!
authentic tacos
stir fry eggplant and tofu
air fried Mac &amp; cheese
Salad Days: Watermelon, Goat Cheese, Lemon, Pea Shoots, Olive Oil &amp; Sesame Seeds.
Sirloin beef roast, potato grids and a salat with roasted broccolini
grilled
Baked Chicken w/ Brown Rice and Black Beans with a Mushroom Gravy on top
Shrimp risotto
Savory Shepherd's Pie
Double, double egg yolk breakfast.
Blackened Salmon
Georgian Abkhazura with Pomegranite Gravy Plated on a Bed of Elarji
Rice with chicken (Japanese style)
beef short rib curry with potatoes, butternut squash, and onions
waffles with nectarines, blueberries and syrup.
Smoked Chicken Tortilla Soup
Tonkatsu with finely shredded cabbage and furikake on rice.
fried egg Sandwich with ham&amp;cheese
Smoked Pulled Pork Sliders on Honey Butter Buns with Spicy BBQ Sauce
courgette/zucchini chips
Andes mint pie
I Made Kinder Bueno Cake
Porterhouse Steak from german Emsrind
Artichoke and Sun-dried tomato pizza
Mac n Cheese w/ sharp cheddar, gruyere and swiss.
Minneapolis approves "historic" $27 million settlement with George Floyd's family - CBS News
Swedish meatballs, grandma’s recipe
Chicken and waffles with a brewmosa
Wakanda Forever ♾
easy way to make a chocolate lava cake
I’m trying to go from chubby to abs this year, so I tried making a pizza/crust out of cauliflower and it WORKED! I’m so happy!!! 💯
Classic French omelet with spinach and havarti
Bon Chon Chicken
Cast Iron Chicken
BLT with artisan focaccia bread!
Seafood linguini. There is paste under there somewhere!
Cinnamon Sugar Bread
Matcha Fluffy Pancakes
Moussaka
Duck breast over mushroom wild rice, with balsamic-red wine reduction and swiss chard
Latkes with sour cream and caviar.
Chicken and Onions
Coconut Panna Cotta with Summer Fruit Salad
Zucchini, Green Peppers, Green Chilli - Omelette
Fried chicken and biscuts
Char-Broiled Oysters!
A barbecue with bread, mushrooms, and potatoes
Prime Rib, collard greens, mashed potatoes, and rolls.
a cheeseburger
Fancied up maruchan
Sourdough bread!
Hatsuhana at NYC, this is called the dream box
Huge chicken burrito bowl from the local market near my work. Merry Christmas!
Jeera Rice
steak au poivre, Scallops, Risotto
Jerusalema dance challenge: Garda featured in viral video hopes they've 'put a smile on people's faces' - Newstalk
Chicken-of-the-Wood mushrooms over a butternut squash and sage risotto.
chicken pot pie with puff pastry.
Cauliflower pizza crust with balsamic chicken
Blackened Salmon &amp; Collards Salad
I ate tamales for Christmas Eve! Delicious
Sous Vide Chuck Tender Roast
Quesadilla with homemade tomato sauce.
Honey Garlic Chicken
Bacon wrapped stuffed pork loin, smoked.
Brats
Burger and Bacon Jam Dumplings with a Salt and Vinegar Crispy Skirt
Moroccan Beef Tagine
Tiramisu raspberry speculoos
Polpette and rocket topped pizza
"chevapi" w fries...yeiiyaa :))
my burger 1000000% effort...... :(
red velvet cake
Parma
Char-Grilled King Crab with Marinade Portobello, along with grilled Anaheim peppers, and Grilled Corn.
Mixed berry cornmeal skillet cake
Bahn Mi Rice Bowl.
80% hydration San Francisco sourdough
Black Bean Veggie Burger with Guacamole
Smoked pork butt
mushroom and herbs stuffed roasted butternut - eat seasonal
avocado toast with Chick-fil-a on top
broccolini &amp; pesto pizza *insert Inside Out reference here*
Stuffed Leg of Lamb, Duck Fat Green Beans, &amp; Aromatic Mashed Potatoes
My Mom’s Lumpia/Pancit Birthday Cake!
Thread Melon Bingsoo
Indian Style Pizza
Corned Beef with Brown Mustard Hollandaise
Egg Sandwich on country white toast
-Tuna Diet Decoration
Cheesesteak sandwich
Walnut Brownie and Salad for Lunch
pumpkin roll edible
spaghetti
Horse Tenderloin with Duck Confit
Chicken Tikka Masala Cheddar Cheese Quesadilla.
Smoked chicken thigh coconut stir fry.
Andouille and Spicy Italian sausage
Shrimp Mac &amp; Cheese
Grilled Turkish sausages(sujuk) &amp; fried eggs.
Roast Turkey
Köfte
Pulled pork anyone? Jalapeno coleslaw
Peposo
Sous vide a whole beef tenderloin and seared it over hickory charcoal. With green beans and scalloped potatoes (and horseradish sauce, of course).
Mediterranean Medley
Fresh mozzarella, mushroom and Kalamata olive pizza.
Gouda Fried Cheese Sticks with Panko Breaded Jalapeños and Sweet Marinara Sauce
Paella’s almost ready!
Cookie Cake
Cappellacci (stuffed w minced pork) and Sorpresine (empty shells)
Jerk Sea Bass with Farro and Roasted Beet Salad
lemon ricotta sauce with spaghetti squash! turned out ~perfecto~
Shortbread tart with blueberry jam, vanilla pastry cream, and Italian meringue
Spanish Tortilla
Cornish hens for Christmas dinner 😋
Chicken Madras.
Latkes in Progress II
Maine Lobster Roll
Cranberry Chicken, mashed potatoes, and corn; just picked the cranberries this morning!
soft sugar cookies with strawberry frosting
Smoked chicken wings
Korean green tea late
Taco bell. 2 beef burritos, 2 crunchwraps
Banyard Millet Upma
a food shortage is coming
castiron chicken and gravy with mashed potatoes and broccolini
Roast beef pasties
White chocolate with blackberry mousse birthday cake for my goddaughter
Uterus sunny side up
Hazelnut meringue cake
Bacon Onion Burger
Purple sweet potato sourdough
pot roast with potatoes and carrots
very delicious babka:)
Apple Pi
Spilling
Carbonara with Bacon!
Bar style pizza
Nightmare on Bourbon Street Cocktail
Crispy skin chicken thighs and vegetables
Bacony black beans, polenta &amp; chicken tinga
Crispy Chicken Sandwich
VA-raised ribeyes and Sockeye Salmon in the vast-iron skillet.
Korean Bibimbap Lunch
Wet Chicken Burrito
Pork Tenderloin in Mustard-Fig Cream Sauce With Pumpkin Risotto
Pie, Mash &amp; Gravy
Baked Potato, Broccoli &amp; Cheese
Shackburger
Mushroom and Swiss burger with fries
Fried chicken breast,
Chicken pasta
tiramisù!
Oven-roasted chicken with rosemary and sage
Soupy chicken noodle soup
Fry up
Potato bags stuffed with salmon
Easy Breakfast Bowl - avocado 🥑 egg 🥚 and spanish rice 🍚
Japchae and Chicken Bulgogi
Argentinean Asado: Chinchulin, mollejas, chorizo, vacío, pork ribs, ribeye.
Almost-Club Sandwich
rum baked bananas with ice cream
Buttermilk Waffles
Cheesesteak Sunday!
Adam Ragusea’s Lasagna
Butter Chicken - I even ate it with my hands ....
Pakistani Most Special Tasty Healthy Food
Roast Chicken Dinner
Viral video: Pakistani actor Mahira Khan enjoys dancing to 'Pawri Ho Rahi Hai' at a pyjama party - DNA India
Barbecue Chicken Calzone
Nutella Breakfast Rolls . I ran out of cinnamon for cinnabuns so I spread a jar of nutella instead.
Crispy Salmon with an Arugula &amp; Beat Salad Topped With Goat Cheese and Marcona Almonds.
salmon with fresh herb whit wine cream sauce and roasted asparagus
Turkish Meatball's "Köfte". Thanks to Refika's Kitchen for recipe.
Chorizo, Tomato and Chickpeas with Yogurt &amp; Preserved Meyer Lemon
5 Steps To Support Good Nails and Hair ""
Lemon Pie with French meringue
Pork loin chop with white bean purée, chanterelles, and broccolini
My attempt at beef Wellington for Christmas Eve dinner
Wendy’s Pub Fries
Breakfast Taco w/ churizzo, eggs, bacon, and garlic potatoes.
A loaf of sourdough bread.
Crêpes Suzette
seared tuna plate
Check how beautifully they make beef Pulao
Sunday breakfast. Marinated beef tenderloin and eggs with caramelized onions, cheese, and mashed avocado.
Meatjun/ Teri beef on a bed of rice with Mac salad, kimchi, and corn
Vegetable Tart
Wholemeal Sourdough
Apple Slices “”
Fried Zander with rice and boiled vegetables
chocolate eclair
Salmon with shrimp, tomatoes, spinach, and garlic parmesan sauce
roasted broccoli and shrimp linguine Alfredo
3lbs of Australian Wagyu
Teriyaki chicken and veggies over rice
keto lobster bisque, and a glass of sherry.
Bolognese and Pasta
Took a crack at making udon fried noodles, how’d I do ?
,matar mashroom
When the moon hits the eye
Grilled chicken sandwich deconstructed.
Chinese Daikon, Carrot and Pork Ribs Soup
Chicago Style Deep Dish
I turned all of this....into this.
Brunch. Other than the eggs, the only cooked dish is the bowl with vegetables (red and green onions, garlic, tomatoes, chili peppers, sour cream, and spices including ras el hanout, vegeta, chili and black pepper).
Boneless Ribeye Steak
Potato Vareniki w/ Miso Caramelized Onions
Chicken &amp; Leftover Mashed Potato Dumplings
Mezze Maniche Rigate alla Carbonara
Chicken Tikka Masala I made. Delicious!!!!
purple corn arepas with melted goat cheese and advocado
Pomegranate-Orange sauce with tofu
Trump impeachment goes to Senate, testing his sway over GOP - Times of India
Sweet and Spicy Sticky Wings
kiddos asked for eggs benny for dinner, a-ok with Dad!
blueberry muffins with crunchy cinnamon crumb
strawberry ice cream Roll
Pork and Peanut Dragon Noodles with a Broccoli Salad
Happy New Year from our Bird &amp; Board
Smoked Beef Plate Ribs (Dino Ribs)
Chocolate slab
from a while back I just wanna eat it now but my energy is too low lol
Tamarind Paste Recipe
Roast dinner
A1 Burger one of my specials
Spicy chicken kebab
Gulf Shrimp from Main Street Social
ALUNGA milk chocolate and Maldon salted cookies.
pizza
Marshmallow Frosted Kiwi Bingsoo
Omelette Souffle
Vangi Bhaat (Eggplant Rice) and Gajar ka halwa (Carrot pudding)
Kässpatzen from my home region in southern Bavaria
Made myself a Birthday cake! Peanut Butter Brownie cake.
these tacos
Paella of Prawns and Seafood (Not Valencian)
Anniversary dinner (homemade)
taquitos
"" Maggi | Mumbai Street Food |Maggi Masala With Cheese | home How To Prepare
3 Ingredient Vanilla Ice Cream (Philadelphia Style)
Spicy Chicken Biryani
Beer-Cheese and Broccoli Soup
Serbian gibanica (cheese pie) and a sour cherry cake
Full American (with a sw’rn twist) HAPPY THANKSGIVING!!!
Bacon &amp; Brie Grilled Cheese
Pixar Ratatouille
Sourdough with mashed potato and rosemary
My picture may suck but this pizza was incredible.
My  Crunchwrap Supreme
Kinder Bueno Cake
Vanilla Cake
Grilled salmon with mashed potatoes
Czech Christmas dinner, Potato salad , Fish and vegetable soup
eggs Benedict with candied bacon!
potato bacon and onion pizza with sriracha ranch
Eggnog Cheesecake with gingersnap. INGREDIENTS : 24 oz full-fat cream cheese softened to room temperature 1 cup white sugar 1 tablespoon cornstarch or 2 tablespoons flour 1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg 3/4 cup eggnog 2 teaspoons vanilla extract
blt between two grilled cheese, 2 over easy eggs, and with a Sriracha mayo/miracle whip blend sauce
Limpet Mollusk Salad
Haselnussmakronen/ Hazelnut macrons
Blue swimmers, Singapore chili crab style!
Jamaican beef patties and caprese salad
Lemon tarts
Lentil soup with ham
oven baked chicken wings. I dont know how to decorate them on plate lol
Tori Paitan
Plain muffins
Matcha &amp; Vanilla Cream Puffs
polish sausage, mushroom, veggies, and cheese omelette
Thanksgiving for 6: Mesquite smoked turkey &amp; ham. Around 75lbs of BBQ goodness so so everyone can bring home leftovers for the week.
Quesanomiyaki? Okonomidilla? Whatever you call it, it was delicious!
Crown Royal Apple Cobbler
Παντεσπάνι φουντουκιού χωρίς αλεύρι
spaghettios and meatballs
A modified version of Spaghetti aglio e olio
Balila!
this amazing cannoli
Bacon, egg and cheese from the other day
Ciabatta
shredded chicken tacos. Delicious cherry tomatoes.
côte à l'os
Fried Rice
Parmesan and Serrano ham quiche
pizza! :)
Mutter Paneer Butter Masala and Roti
chicken and rice with veggies for the cold weather
Rice cake mandu soup 'Happy lunar new year'
Al Masri Light / How do astronauts bathe during their journey ?: A tough challenge - SwordsToday.ie
Stuffed Chicken Wings (deboned)
Pierogies cheddar, bacon and potato.
a Chicken Biscuit!
MASHED POTATO BOWL
chicken and chips with gravy
Honey sriracha glazed wings
Sweet Potatoe Topped "Shepherd's" Pie
Empanada with rice filling
Cajun Chicken/Shrimp Alfredo
Mocha buttercream, caramel drip, chocolate cake
Hello 👋 A few tips to preserve your food! Ferment your vegetables to keep most of their nutritional values and also they are packed with probiotics! A great boost for your immune system 😊
The Californian Equivalent of a Full English; with, of course, Yorkshire Gold.
Possibly the most thoughtful gift I've ever received!
Pork chop with baked potatoes
Meal Prep
ethiopian food
KINH HOÀNG !!! ĂN DƯA HẤU ĐẦY DÒI BỌ
Patty melt
Steak frites with hollandaise
Lemon Mascarpone Cake
fresh oysters
Smoked breakfast hash
Shrimp &amp; Cheesy Grits
Nachos, glorious Nachos.
M&amp;S New Food Orders!
Kadai Masala Paneer Recipe | Restaurant Style Kadai Masala Paneer Recipe | Easy Kadai Paneer Recipe
Hello Everyone! Today I will show you the best recipe you can use to make delicious Beef 'n Garlic! If you enjoy my content, don't forget to like and subscribe to my channel. #Roasted Beef with Garlic - Laboni's Cooking, ""
Bacon cheeseburger with sautéed balsamic onions and sweet potato fries
Chicken Fajita with Guacamole
Cream Biscuits and Bacon Gravy
Pesto
Homemade Mozzarella sticks
Nowhere near as extravagant as any of the meals on here but it’s mine
Poached pear with coffee syrup and grated white chocolate
Guittard chocolate covered strawberry mini cheesecakes for Valentine’s Day. Chocolate crust, white chocolate strawberry cheesecake, chocolate ganache topping.
cheese Burekas
Cajun Shrimp Pasta
Boneless wings
Roasted pumpkin, spinach and pine nut risotto!
Hyderabadi Mutton Dum Biryani in Telugu అసలైన హైదరాబాదీ స్పెషల్ మటన్ ధమ్ బిర్యానీ
Popeyes/Chick-fil-A spicy Chicken Sandwich with Tropical rice
""Grandma's original recipe for chickpeas
More Than 1 Billion Tons Of Food Was Wasted In 2019, U.N. Report Finds - Forbes
Pain perdu monte cristo w/golden kiwi sauce
Chocolate Cake with caramel filling
cinnamon apple pancakes
English breakfast
Beef ribs with mashed parsnips and red wine reduction.
Chicken Mole Enchiladas
Sushi, served with with Sake
Edible Food: Ăn AMONG US làm từ Play Dough
Hainanese Chicken Rice
These delicious tacos and queso
Soft cream roll
chocolate chip brioche
Burrito with spiced basmati rice, french beans, peas, carrots, paprika/pepper, mince on pea protein base, salad, spices, halit salt, long pepper
Indian Spice Cake
Worstenbroodjes - Dutch Sausage rolls
Miso Hotpot
rainbow cake
mushroom and truffle oil x honey pizza
Oscar style tenderloin steak, with roasted asparagus &amp; “home fries”
Korean-style seafood ramen
Steak, rice, mashed potatoes, seared asparagus, and a dinner roll.
Spinach and feta veggie burgers with lemon garlic orzo and tzatziki
frybread tacos topped with crema, red onion, salsa fresca, sharp white cheddar, and cilantro
Candy Cane Marshmallow Dippers
Sardine à la sauce tomate ☺️
Mac &amp; Cheese
Garlic and Mozzarella bread + Maroilles and Bacon bread + Chorizo and Black Olive Bread
Avocado toast with scrambled egg white and hollandaise sauce
Ponche Navideño
Ramen night was great
Chewy Chocolate Chip Cheesecake Cookies
Earl grey chocolate choux au craquelin (crispy cream puff)
Polish Golumpkis
Grilled Chicken &amp; Farro
Ground tenderloin cheeseburger sub on brioche
100% semola rimacinata + milled chia seeds sourdough
chicken cutlet tacos stuffed with buffalo mac &amp; cheese topped with bacon
Ricotta Rye Cavatelli
Carbonara!
Garlic ginger fried chicken thigh tenders
Sous Vied bone in Ribeye with caramelized onions, shaved lemon Parmesan asparagus, and wild mushroom crapes.
Iraqi-style Falafel
Apple wood smoked pork butt, 10.5 hours.
stuffed poblano peppers and sweet corn polenta
arm roast with sweet potato, russets and onion.
fish tacos oc
sweet chilli chicken
Lamb Steaks
I made a sweet and very spicy veggie pizza
Ravioli Gorgonzola
sweet and spicy ribs
Charcuterie and Cheese board
Pierogi pizza with simmered bratwurst, mustard, and sauerkraut.
Roman CARBONARA
chocolate covered strawberries
Spicy Korean Steak and Eggs Ramen
Boar’s head turkey sandwich on wheat bread.
Slow-cooker Mushroom Soup with Sherry
Southern fried chicken strips
Lobsta roll
Vegetable Soup
Broccoli and Chicken Breast in Garlic Sauce
spicy southern fried chicken sandwich 🌶
Sausage Rolls for NYE
Fried chicken Sandwich
Airfryer Rotisserie Chicken and garlic
I tried raw swede today it’s actually quite nice
Is there anything I can do with 2 cups of bacon grease? Besides rub it on myself?
My very own falafel and red pepper hummus. Instagram: shekkys_food
I like my buns 😁
Hummingbird cake  with lemon icing, lemon rind and coconut shavings
Scallops in a lemon butter sauce
Persian turkey with pomegranate and walnuts - Fesenjan
KFC 🍗
poor presentation Garlic Steak Fries
gyoza, shrimp tempura, sushi for me years dinner.
Dutch Baby with Homies
Achiote Pork Chop, Peach-Habanero Demi, Potato Hash, Fried Pickled Onion, Jalapeno Vin. Table 6 Denver
Baked an Apple Pie with Flaky Butter Crust
Smoked Beef Ribs (Dino bones)
Halloween 2020
Spicy sausage &amp; garlic tomatoes
Reverse Seared Prime Rib Roast
Desert waffle
filet with Boursin whipped potatoes candied thyme carrots and res wine shallot Demi glacé
loaded fries with shrimp
Costco’s Pumpkin Cheesecake
breakfast pizza
triple chocolate cake with chocolate buttercream
Waffles, fried egg, bacon, provolone
Happy Birthday cookies
Choco-chip cupcakes, Pasta and Indian style Pulav.
roasted goose in HK. Price at hkd 60 with rice. About usd 8 Yummy!
Tom kha gai, rice and marinated cucumber salad.
pretzel and beer cheese
Shakshuka/chakchuka
Tuna Roll
skirt steak and crispy smashed garlic potatoes.
Crêpes!
A Traditional Japanese lunch
Seared Scallops, Braised Bacon, Roasted Tomato, Corn and Leek Risotto
Grilled flank steak with chimichurri and roasted cauliflower
roast beef sandwich
greek chicken with greek rice and homemade flat bread.
Brats, rotkohl, green beans, Ontario carrots, tasty potatoes and caramelized red onions.
smoked pork belly tips
Baba Ganoush with Tahini and Dill
Halibut cheeks, local chanterelles, and summer corn in a zucchini nest
Bruschetta Chicken with citrus asparagus and mashed potatoes
German chocolate cake
Pig Wings
Wings with Ray's secret sauce
Buttercream Ps4 cake
Gulab Jamun recipe
Dry rub Ribs
Buratta
Stuffed eggplant and mash
Smoked turkey liver pâté
Traditional (as I can possibly get it) Spaghetti Carbonara
Some assorted confections.
My charcuterie. Smoked tuna dip, cheese ball, pepperoni, cheddar cheese, crackers, and wine.
Apple cider vinegar honey glazed lamb chops with bacon potatoes.
Chicken Caesar Sun-Dried Tomato Wrap
Tortillas with tomato, chicken, cheese,egg and Salat
Deep fried chicken breast, onion rings, fries, and pickles.
crispy garlic parmesan potato stacks with rosemary thyme and smoked paprika
Wagyu Ribeye Cap Steak Grilled Med. Rare.
Egg over Chinese Broccoli and Mushrooms
Fall off the bone ribs
Green pancakes with spinach from Plenty by Ottolenghi
pan fried pork buns and Sichuan veggies
mashed potato, bacon, and garlic pizza with sour cream
Panko/breadcrumb Mozzarella cheese sticks and a Marinara/Basil dip.
Asian inspired arapas
baguettes, hope you enjoy
Chocolate chip Banana bread.
donuts, Caramello, Nutella Rocher, Strawberry Freddo, Chocolate Kinder
Safe to eat? Louisiana frozen shrimp with a big amount of blue gunk in its back.
grilled flank from a couple nights ago
Chicken wings, roasted asparagus and creamy garlic potatoes
Duck with sweet potato purée and a parsley garnish
Rice and baked potato 🥔
Pizza
Creamy Lemon Garlic Parmesan Shrimp with Broccoli. 🦐 🥦
My  skillet cornbread
Berry smoothies with orange juice, applesauce, and honey
Beet salad

roast, broccolini, mashed potatoes
Açaí bowl
Готовить суп из ужасной тыквы - Crazy Cooking ACMP cтоп моушен/ Смешное...
Bodega style eggs, cheese, pastrami and spicy honey on an everything bagel! Details in the comments.
Baked crispy chicken with buffalo sauce
Pumpkin Bacon Lasagna Rolls
Butternut Squash Puree and Steak topped with Chimichurri
Salted Caramel tart with a chocolate ganache and chocolate pastry shell
A5 Wagyu Striploin
Koren-style tonkatsu ramen
Just a photo shoot with my  carb stash.
Gyoza.
Italian Chicken Meal pep
cranberry and pomegranate tart
Birria Tacos
Onion-filled kachoris
Freshly imported beans and organic eggs with homemade bread
Cabbage soup over rice
fried chicken and waffles
Strawberry Chiffon Cake
Fresh made bagels to start the day
Vietnamese Chicken Curry
OH MY GOD?????
Last nights dinner. Shrimp, scallops, broccoli in a cream sauce over whole wheat penne.
Pumpkin Bread
French toast with fresh fruit and maple syrup
Shrimp scampi with mushrooms
Vegetable Wellington decorated with dinosaurs
The Christmas dinner I cooked for myself and those living with me. Roast beef tenderloin, potatoes and gravy, brussel sprouts au gratin, honey-roasted carrots, cranberry and apple sauce, and, for desert, a double chocolate pecan pie.
short ribs with roasted potatoes and broccoli.
Eyeball Meatballs
Soup Curry
Creamy Corn Empanadas
Al Pastor Empanadas
Sweet and sour balti chicken, rice and bread
Mascarpone
Chicken Nuggets and Fries
Jalapeño popper pizza
Cooked a ham this Thanksgiving.we scored it which made it so moist
Potato leek soup. Homemade croutons.
Paella Rice With Seafood
Spaghetti with spinach pesto and pine nuts
Crossaint French Toast Bake
Eggs Over Easy With Toast
Tenderloin, fresh cut fries, and Wisconsin’s veggies
king prawn tacos and chips
Alaskan Salmon with Hollandaise Sauce. Mixed Grains cooked with Ranch Seasoning packet. Roasted Savory Butternut Squash. Steamed Mixed Veggies with a light butter sauce. Basic White Bread.
Christmas sushi dinner
Detroit style pizza cheese corner
lemon curd fry pie with zesty cream
Nutella dessert pizza
Blueberry Maple (Dairy-Free) Cookies
Banana cake with Cream Cheese Frosting, Honey Roasted Almonds, Toffee Pecans and Streusel topping
vegetable omelette + mixed fruit
chocolate coffee cupcakes with vanilla buttercream frosting and a marshmallow filling
Triple Chocolate Cake Loaf
Three recipes for winter cake: Puli cake, Patisapta, Puya cake
Snack: frozen sunflower seed butter. Melts in your mouth and has the consistency of a chunk of chocolate. You can stir in chocolate chips, seasoning, or sweetener if you want before freezing. But I prefer to just eat it straight
Classic Potato Latkes with Homemade Applesauce
Bacon, egg, cheese, avocado on whole wheat bun
Salmon and mini rösti, with poached egg, hollandaise and dill labneh.
Cannoli
Veggie Meatballs and Spaghetti.
Salty Moroccan snacks
sausage egg and bacon with bbq sauce
Mushroom Risotto With Fresh White Truffles
Beshbarmak AKA Best Nomad Dish
Made Pozole
Garlic Bread Tearaway
Crinkle Cookies
Pasta and Baked chicken
Baked japanese sweet potato, gomae, soup dumplings, cold soba noodle with lao gan ma. And Tyusu base dipping sauce for noodles.
Lahmacun (Turkish Flatbread)
Blueberry and lemon muffins with lemon glaze
The Eggstravagant.
Double smash burger with fries
lasagne emiliane
peanutbutter pot de creme
Fried Cuttlefish
balsamic reduction it suppose to be chocolate sauce 😂😂😂
Breakfast.
Cauliflower "bolognese"
Makhane ki kheer | Navratri Special | Vrat ki kheer
Deep-Fried Tarantula Spider (recipe)
Cullen skink
Have a good day...
EVeez Provides in-campus e-mobility solution to Vedanta Group's ESL Steel Plant - BW Businessworld
a detailed reproduction.
sandwich
Made shakshukas in tiny cast irons with miniature quail eggs
Sauerbraten
Home made bamboo rice with BBQ
Okonomiyaki
Autumn jelly cake
Brie-stuffed donkatsu (Korean fried pork cutlet)
Italian Chicken and Rice soup with Grilled Pita
Pork Ramen with Mushrooms
yeasted waffles with an easy blueberry sauce! Finally, I’ve found a great waffle recipe.
Earl grey tea latte with tapioca pearls
CỨU!!! AMONG US bị CHẾ BIẾN thành món SALAD(lego in real life) - Thánh N...
Cranberry and lemon tart
CRISPY DUCK SALAD
100 McNuggets with BBQ, Honey Mustard, and Buffalo sauces
Burgers with homegrown lettuce
Full English Breakfast! Sadly I couldn’t find any pudding, mea culpa.
cranberry sauce
How to make an A1 steak taste like it's A4!
Reece’s Cheesecake 👉🏼👈🏼
Tomahawk ribeye cooked to medium rare perfection.
Charcuterie Construction Zone Timelapse OC
Simple yet wonderful -  tilapia tacos. And a little tomato thief in the corner.
Chocolate Peanut Butter Cupcakes
Canelé w/ cherry whipped cream &amp; chocolate mousse for Valentine’s Day.
Breakfast Ingredients for a good day.
Dirty Bacon double cheeseburger and pizza fries.
Blackened Salmon glazed with honey
Sous vide red wine-poached pears over goat cheese ice cream
Roast me
Grilled Cheese with fried chicken tenders and homemade hotsauce
Shepherd’s pie
Rotisserie Chicken Avocado Salad on Toast
A 2 inch thick pork chop and loaded baked potato
Thank you Big Mac person from earlier today.
Doner Kebab || How to make Doner Kebab at Home
Creamed Spinach
Grilled Beef Wellington
Pickle
Eggy bread w/ Ham
Among Us cake
Mark makes food for the homeless
Toasted pepperoni and Gruyère cheese garlic bread
sausage and cheese Pizza!
cookie sundae with Oreo ice cream.
Lattice Top Apple Pie
Our “chicken” pot pie came out beautifully!
Banana sponge cake with Nutella and Mascarpone filling topped with crushed walnuts and chocolate chips.
Mie Goreng
pizza supreme
Peaking in on tonight's Cochinita Pibil
Croissants
Avocado Toast
Skyline style chili with thin spaghetti and shredded cheese
Braised short ribs in a red wine/San Marzano reduction
Filipino BBQ catfish and garlic rice
Pastries made with handmade puff pastry.
Oxtails
Prime rib roast (black pepper, thyme)
NYE Sous Vide Ribeyes
Hurray, Indian Festival Sankranthi is on its way. Let's check out this  laddu which is famous during Sankranthi
Cheese kranksy in bread
Montreal Style Poutine From A Canadian
gumbo
Roast beef sandwich and sweet potato fries
Turkey BLT and crispy fries
Fudgy brownies
- Chocolate and peanut cake with peanut brittle
Leak and Potato soup
Coca-Cola Braised Chicken
Cách làm Ếch chiên nước mắm món ngon tốn rượuCách nấu cánh gà om bí đỏ ngon không thể chối từ
Chicken Stirfry with noodles.
Hot Italian Pepper And Mushrooms
Karaage chicken and an okonomiyaki waffle, with pickled red onion and seaweed salad.
Breaking News Indian team not keen on travelling to Brisbane for fourth Test against Australia | Cricbuzz.com - Cricbuzz - Cricbuzz
Jalapeño Spiced Noodles
Queso Fundido
Ay yo me again wondering what the food is called that’s in this bento box from a anime (served as lunch and was called bland)
I made sourdoughs
Mac n cheese made with buttermilk, cheddar and Parmesan cheese, and fried lobster on top
Prime Tri-Tip On An Electric Grill
Philly cheesesteaks
the Essential Keto Cookbook
fried Buffalo chicken salad
Seared and garlic-rosemary-butter basted moo-sték.
Joshua Weissman's Version of the In&amp;Out Burger
mashed potatoes recipe
big chocolate chip cookie
GF and I made Julia Child’s beef bourguignon for Christmas dinner. This is a life changingly good meal.
Cantonese dry noodle with shrimp and char siu
meat sandwich perfect rectangle too
Parmesan and Smoked Provolone pizza
Steak and Smashed Potatoes
Lamb Chop w/ Mint Sauce, Roasted Broccoli w/ Shallots, Roasted Potatoes and Yorkshire Pudding
Roasted lamb chops with red wine sauce.
Chinese takeout style chicken with Brussels sprouts and air fried shrimp egg roll
Old Bay Hot Wings
Brownie with cookie dough
(pandora's Box) Black sesame &amp; yuzu white chocolate mousse
Yorkshire puddings
Quinoa Fried Rice
Mutton Biryani, Roti, Butter Paneer(Cottage cheese), Kheer(milk-based dessert)
Rosemary honey infused double chocolate cake
chicken wing PEDAS ASAM MANIS
Sausage(homemade) and lentil soup with homemade sourdough bread.
Picanha and bruschetta.
Cooking scrambled egg whites with chopped onions and green peppers
Tacos
Potato Soya chunks curry
Chanterelle, grilled chicken, and roasted broccoli alfredo
Dressed up ramen and dumplings!
Chocolate Drip Cake I made for my friends birthday!
cool psa
grilled cheese: Muenster w/ cilantro, on zero net carb bread, cooked in ghee butter
Crispy skin Chilean sea bass, vermicelli w/ tomato sauce, sautéed mushrooms, and a juicy IPA.
chicken bao buns with fried rice
Steak, Eggs, and Roasted potatoes.
choc-chip banana cake with banana buttercream frosting
Vietnamese Pickled Daikon Radish and Carrots
BIRYANI along with paneer makhani, raita, papad and sliced onion... .
Pumpkin filled Chicken
Chicago-style deep-dish with handmade crust,  sauce, bacon, chorizo, ham, mozzarella ...and love
3-ingredient scones
Was hungry so I decided to make spanakopita . added some sun-dried tomatoes . Very basic recipe . I glanced at it and went off by memory . I should add more egg whites and tuck the edges in when I make the next one. Going to whip up some tzaziki sauce in the morning .
All vegetable salad with beautiful pink radish like a watermelon slice :)
Merry Christmas You Filthy Animals 😋 Because nothing is better than pan pizza for dinner!
Caramelized Onion Tart in a walnut crust.
Pineapple &amp; Salami Pizza. And Brownies.
Taro Chips
One loaf for me, one to give to a friend
New Years filet mignon &amp; spicy mango shrimp
Lentil Curry &amp; Basmati Rice
Marble cake.
Sunday whatever dinner : chicken wings and jalapeño poppers
Double Bacon Cheese Smash Burger
I think I’ll call it Fry Bowl
mexican-style Hash brown scramble - Beef, eggs, mushrooms cooked with chili paste, and tillamook Cheese, paired with Golden Monkey
slow cooker beef stew
buttery dinner rolls
creme fraiche, pineapple, bacon and blue cheese tuned frozen pizza.
haggis, neeps, tatties and a whisky gravy
no bake dessert
Chocolate Milkshake
#Losingweight Raw Healthy Mediterranean Cauliflower Salad وصفة تبولة القرنبيط الصحية 健康花椰菜食譜
Soft Pretzels with Beer Cheese and Mustard
Falafels
Caprese salad
Poached sweet Italian chicken sausages and soy sauce boiled peas for breakfast
Cilbir (Turkish Eggs)
An Amazing Chicken Tikka Piece
Mexican chicken, avocado and my take on Mexican street corn.
Restaurant closures aren’t so bad: fried chicken sandwiches. One with green onion kimchi and seasoned seaweed, the other with homegrown lettuce and homemade pickles. Both with homemade mayo
Chinese food. I'm not sure what this is called or what it's made from.
Herd of deer gallop through highway, watch viral video - Times Now
Sautéing poblanos, garlic, Parmesan in bacon fat for Chicken Bacon Cheese Soup!
Double Stack with Hash Casserole, Chipotle Mayo, Cheddar, Pepperjack, Bacon, and Egg.
Glutеn Free Rесіреѕ For Kіdѕ Having kіdѕ іѕ not an еаѕу jоb. Dаіlу tasks саn ѕоmеtіmеѕ ѕееm ѕо оvеrwhеlmіng. Hаvіng fіvе kids of mу оwn, I саn completely rеlаtе with thе dау to dау fruѕtrаtіоnѕ. Fоrtunаtеlу, I dо nоt hаvе аnу tееnаgеrѕ, yet. Wіth five kids, mеаl tіmе саn bе quite сhаоtіс.
Barbecue tips
Mashed potatoes mixed w/ cracked pepper gournay cheese, topped with beef and mushroom gravy w/carrots.
Banana Sundae Cake
https://ift.tt/3oXI1KU
bread with wild flowers
Taiwanese beef noodle soup and noodles
Sriracha buffalo chicken dip
I made rosemary bacon
Thai Basil Chicken (pad krapow)
You Have Milk ?? Wonderful Dessert without Oven just a few ingredient ""
Hand Pies from Heros Feast
Easter Egg Macarons
Smore porn
Wild cranberry-orange layer cake
"Greek" eggs benedict
Jack-O-Lantern Pancakes
Early Christmas dinner for 3: Butternut squash soup, arugula/gigante bean salad, juniper/garlic/coriander roast of lamb, Kenji's roast potatoes, burnt-butter haricots verts; chocolate-orange Buche de Noel
Lamb Pilau with Tomato Onion Raita
Burger with red cabbage slaw, pickled red onions, beer cheese, dijon mustard, and hatch green chiles on a pretzel bun
Spinach and artichoke heart pizza
midnight snack pancakes
Roasted Bone Marrow with Snails, Capers and Grilled Bread.
Lasagna, proper ragù recipe: couldn’t resist, had two portions
Mushroom Wellington (NYT Cooking Recipe)
Crispy chili beef
shrimp, spicy sausage and smoked turkey Gumbo
Ginger Bread People + Cats
gluten-free cookies
Margherita pizza with homemade dough &amp; fresh basil
Pork Belly Bites and Tteokbokki with Roasted Green Beans
Queso
Cloud Bread
Sous vide burger
Ribeye Roast
Blackened Chicken with Lime Rice and Mango Salsa
Pasta with Italian sausage and vodka sauce. Spinach artichoke dip onda side.
Lawnmower Salad. Honey BBQ, Parmesan Garlic and Asian Kick Wings.
What are these white spots on oyster mushrooms? Should I throw them out?
Veggie Ruben with Arugula. My go-to sandwich.
fettuccine noodles
Spam &amp; vegetables omelet trucker style with Sriracha smiley face
Kohlrouladen
Spicy Kimchi Cold Noodles
Pumpkin Pie, corn bread, hot apple cider.
Poutine with braised beef and lamb shank gravy
Shakshuka
My mom made a nice arrangement with fruits and the lebanese wine we enjoyed for lunch.
How to make Peanut Mochi with only 5 ingredients | 五种材料制作花生麻糬(零失败)📷
hi good day, just sharing my  chocolate crinkles
Broccoli Beer Cheese Soup
Pork Loin over mixed greens.
Texas Sirloin with caramelized onion and mushroom gravy, roasted asparagus, and bacon pepper gravy smothered parmesan mashed potatoes. My birthday gift to myself.
Pork Pad Thai for Dinner ผัดไทย
Split Pea with Ham Garnished with Bacon, Green Onions and Sour Cream
How To Make Condensed Milk |  Condensed Milk
Late Thanksgiving.
blueberry bagels and crispy bacon
Pan Dripping Gravy over Roasted Chicken &amp; Mashed Potatoes
Top Trending Food Influencers to Follow in Southeast Asia
Hickory smoked moose roast, baked beans, and spinach sautéed in vermouth.
Ramen with chicken
Eggs Royale
White Chocolate Raspberry Cheesecake with Graham Cracker Crust
Pumpkin snickerdoodles
vegan chocolate cake
sweets :)
Freshly baked Tiger Loaf
breakfast burrito. Eggs, Havarti cheese, bacon and salsa
Plum Window Cookies
gravlax
used my kabocha squash to make a hash with zucchini, chicken and a sprinkle of parmesan!  and tasted great
hot and tangy guava salad
Red curry chicken
Grilled Chicken Shawarma, Misto Alla Griglia, Roasted Carrots, Falafel, Quinoa, Harissa and Vegan Tatziki
Mapo Tofu
Juicing recipes
Sous vide pork chop with lemon garlic capellini
Brown Sugar Bourbon BBQ Pork Ribs with Roasted Sweet Peppers
Pastéis de Nata
BBQ ribs, cornbread and slaw.
a salad bowl: grains, avocado, cherry tomatoes, grilled mushroomsand smoked salmon.
Individual Beef Wellington
Seared Foie Gras and Potato Purée topped with Fine Chili Shreds
Fajita steak nachos
BLT w/Cream Cheese on Everything Bagel
Buttermilk Lamb Chops with Rosewater Mint Sauce, Stovie Potatoes and a Whiskey Sour
"" Raw banana and coconut fry recipe - A Tasty and healthy recipe.
Budae Jjigae (Korean Army Stew)
vanilla ice cream swirled with fruity pebbles and cinnamon toast crunch
sugar free vanilla and hazelnuts brigadeiros for my diabetic father
September 27, 2020
Macaron
No Greens Required - Reverse Sear Prime Rib / Mashed and Gravy!
Beyond Burger! Make sure you follow the instructions for a successful burger! I found it very similar to a real burger! How about you guys?
basmati rice smothered with yellow dhal, tomato chokha, buttery cassava topped with salted avocado.
Tian Provencal, Coffee Marinated Flank Steak, and Mac n Cheese
Chicken and shrimp Alfredo.
Post Apocalyptic Fiction has been moved
chocolate chip pancakes
America's Test Kitchen has been the most reliable place for recipes. Anyone have a good Mexican recipe resource?
Mango icecream with mayonnaise
Seafood platter
please check this out
Porridge with banana and Biscoff spread
the Lamb Mince provided on this website and loved it, recipe site as a whole is neat
Roasted Pork Belly
Ginger and árbol roasted potatoes, eggs and sausage brunch.
Everything Bagels
Chow Fun
Chocolate cake bites
Pizza topped with sausage, onion and mushroom
Dosa
bread toast recipe
Well  EVERYTHING 🤷🏼‍♀️ love Cococurry/CocoICHIBANYA 🍛
Risotto a la Milanese
Cookies and Cream Mochi
creamy Ramen with peas, carrots, fried ham, and mozzarella.
Carrot cake w/ walnuts and pecans
Steak and eggs with mushroom gravy.
Thai style fried rice with leftover gammon from roast
Eggs Benedict for breakfast
Chicken Katsu and Woked Pappers with Medium Sweet Soy Sauce
Snowman Macaroons!!
Beyond burger and air fried French fries with aioli dipping sauce
Garlic Parmesan Pesto Chicken with Egg Noodles and Garlic Bread
Chili-Mac
Bibimbap with sautéed peppers, cabbage, pickled beets and Mexican red rice underneath
New Years Eve Buffet: beetroot and chilli dip, hummus, coleslaw, crudités and baked tortilla chips
My Dog Reviews Fast Food McDonalds vs Burger King
"Pierogoutine" (Pierogi + Poutine)
- Meringue
Bison Burger w/ Avacado Ranch and Mixed Greens on Brioche
I was missing my travels to Paris so much, I made myself some French onion soup!
English Breakfast Bread
Tuna Steak with Avocado Puree &amp; Pak Choi Salad with Sesame Seed Dressing
Picanha com limão, garlic bread and grilled chicken wings
Baby Back Ribs
Bacon, egg, and spicy cheese quesadilla
Pork Gyoza
Shikha Pandey, Taniya Bhatia left out of squads for home series against South Africa - ESPNcricinfo
half and half pizza. Cooked on a pizza stone of course
Roasted Eggplant and tomato sandwich with malfouf, Israeli Salad and tahini sauce.
Chickpea Curry
Carne asada tacos
14 pound Christmas prime rib
Beet Salad
Apple pie a la mode (Winesap/ Granny Smith)
Roasted lamb heads and necks
dry brined 30 hours, oven roasted, glazed turkey
How a five-second social media clip took India, Pakistan by storm - Al Jazeera English
spinach and ricotta ravioli with sourdough crumb and garlic bread
Chilli Paneer in 10 minutes
Cajun style fettuccine alfredo with Conecuh Sausage and plenty of creole spices
curry I made
Maple Chipotle Dry Rubbed Beef Short Ribs
: Carrot Cake Muffins Recipe With Cheesecake Fillings
Pesto pasta with grilled chicken
Donuts, donuts, and more donuts!!!
""Honeydew Melon Dates Shake||# shorts
baked cheese and onion mashed potatoes
Dutch Speculaas tart with Almond filling
Jalepeño Popper Dip
pumpkin and caramel cake
Leftovers Baked Bubble and Squeak with Fried Eggs
Cajun Foo
risotto with freshly picked wild mushrooms, so delicious !
Sourdough Bread w/multigrain seeds
Reverse Seared Filet Mignon Steaks
broccoli noodles with cheese! Low in calories
Nautical themed cookies
Gallo Pinto with a fried egg and sausage
Salt and pepper eggplant. Soba noodles with black garlic sauce. Oven roasted romanesco with a white miso sauce.
tagliolini al salmone
Sourdough loaf
Mini lemon cake
Sweet and spicy stir fry with two kinds of mushrooms, carrot ribbons and spinach
Raspberry Mousse
Red Wine Poached Pears with Whipped Cream &amp; Honey
Sweet chili cheese fried chicken with a spicy avocado dressing
Vegetable Lasagna Recipe | घर में आसानी से बनाये इटालियन वेज लसानिया | H...
General Tso shrimp
Cream puff swan
Eggnog Semifreddo Genoise Cake with Meringue Frosting
Orange Cranberry Mini Cheesecakes w/frosted cranberries and Cranberry Compote.
always a good day for pho 😋
Yummy mac and cheese with chicken burger
General Tso chicken
Pork fried rice topped with a sunny side up egg and Sriracha!
seared Ahi Tuna
Brownie bite samplers
Dipped Italian Beef Sandwich
pork chops w/ apricot cranberry sauce and curry rice as a side.
Chicken Empandas
mini cannelloni
Brown beans tacos and pulled smoked aubergine
Pork &amp; Kimchi pan fried dumplings
West Virginia apple butter for breakfast. Have you guys tried it?
Italian sausage, jalapeño, red bell pepper, red onion, cremini mushroom, mozzarella, tortilla pizza.
What about snacks here?  bread/Toast with peanut butter, banana, cinnamon, and honey.
Kombucha
Bacon cheddar skins!
dunkaroos, nostalgia at its finest.
breakfast toast with goat cheese, figs and honey
20” Texas BBQ
I wanted to make everyone happy with a food related meme :)
Homemade pasta
Guacamole with my home grown tomatoes &amp; jalapeño’s!
rice cake and mandu ramen with Kimchi. https://imgur.com/a/jsgiWHD
Malakoff cake
Beef Barria Tacos. I Followed Sam The Cooking Guys Recipe. Really good!
choux with pastry cream
Vanilla Bean and Matcha Macarons
Papers: Barcelona to focus on youth after PSG defeat - Barca Blaugranes
sushi
Mushroom and haloumi burger
Chicken Andouille Gumbo, Dirty Rice, Hush Puppies, and Fried Okra
Tonight's hazelnut torte (Succès au praliné)
Triple Chocolate Dome
British Christmas Dinner with all the trimmings
Maple-Glaze Buttermilk Biscuits, Bacon Hashbrown, White Sausage Gravy, Garlic Bacon, and Parmesan Cream Eggs.
Coffee Cake with Cinnamon Swirls and Oatmeal Crumble
A beef ramen served in a local japanese ramen shop.
Black Forest cake
Chorizo frittata
Apple-Ginger Galette
Surf &amp; Turf 😍
Huevos Rancheros from the other morning
The Dream Box from Hatsuhana
Licorice is a drug or a delicious food  Licorice
Eggs Benedict Christmas breakfast tradition.
peanut butter cheesecake brownie crust
Chicken pot pie soup
Spaghetti Pomodoro topped with Shrimp Scampi
No-Churn Vanilla Ice Cream
Salted caramel apple pie bars
Eggplant Parmesan for meatless Monday.
Jalapeno Cheddar Kolaches
Peanut Butter Sugar Cookies with a Kiss
Made an Upside down pineapple cake
Mushroom and bell pepper pizza I (15 year old son) made for my mom's birthday
My Favorite Winter Recipes
wagyu beef with grilled mushrooms, oven baked broccoli and red wine sauce.
Boeuf Bourgignon
Happy Me !
Aloe vera sabji
christmas dinner How To Manage Your Diet This Christmas Season
Napoleon cake.
chilli cheese fries
Late night drunken munchies
sausage roll
Curry Pot Roast
Check out my instagram❗️☺️ @canapecollection I would really appreciate the support for my  food.
Strawberry shortcake cake
Tirimisu
i made bbq ribs!
Second attempt at honey glazed salmon.
Mini Basque Burnt Cheesecake
NIGERIAN PLANTAIN AND EGGS FRITTATA
chicken flatbread
sushi night
Lamb and potatoes pie . Low temperature cooking.
Linzer Cookies
Cuban sandwich style sausages (inspired by Weiner Kitchen in Kansas City)
Dahi Vada - Lentil fritters in spices and yogurt
Banana Bread 1s t try
21-day-dry-aged, bone-in, prime ribeye.
Beef stew is the best fall meal - nothing will change my mind
Japanese Nabe Recipe
Burger with truffles
Steak
Detroit Style Pizza with Lechon Kawali (Filipino Porkbelly) and Calamansi (Filipino lime)
Beef dumplings
Noodles with Egg, Fries and Bacon
fondant baby grogu over a marble amd red velevt tiered cake with star wars cake bombs and vanilla bean salted caramels.
Roti with panner butter masala
wonky eclairs with brown butter icing and pumpkin cheesecake filling
vietnamese spring rolls
New York seasoned to marinate 1 week.
Blackberry mousse with raspberry ice cream.
Sushi (Salmon and tuna based)
pork belly tacos with sweetcorn salsa and chipotle and tamarind ketchup
Brinjal LOVELY DISH ""
carne asada street tacos
Fried salmon with a cashew herb sauce, rice and Brussel sprouts
Gigantic Creme brûlée in a soufflé dish
Apple fritter bread
Legume Free Hummus | using Jackfruit seeds
"" VALENTINE BREAKFAST TRAY
creamy Tortellini Soup
3-2-1 Spare Ribs with Headwaters BBQ Boiling River Spicy Sauce
Eggs, Potatoes, Bacon, Cheddar, and Avocado Skillet
hottest beef jerky in the world
Tuna pokébowl
tostadas (chicken &amp; pork)
Violently American double cheese stuffed Burger + special sauce
Bay Area Tacos
Nashville Hot Chicken breast
Colorful Poké Bowls
Ice Cream
Portuguese egg tart from Lord Stow's bakery in Macau
Chiken curry.
Stocks.
Baja shrimp tacos, crema, habanero salsa
croissant
THỬ THÁCH | Món PIZZA KINH DỊ LÀM TỪ RÁC THẢI🤢 | Thánh Nấu Ăn ASMR Cooki...
Wonton Noodles Soup
Sticky Smokey Baby Back Ribs
"" Double Patty McRib Sandwich on a Pan Toasted Buttered Bun
snowy day comfort food
pizza, you judge...
Pepper Salt Crispy Skin Chicken
Ramen
Moroccan donuts, Sfenj
Who else likes running as administrator?
Grenki-cottage cheese and rum raisin cakes
Lots of Donuts
Toasted crumpets, poached eggs, cheese, and spring onions
Hot sauce on eggs on gravy on biscuits
Yang Zhou style fried rice with homemade char siu (yes I made the marinade, not packaged)
Hummus with ZA’ATAR, smoked paprika and roasted garlic.
Duck roasting with potatoes 😋
Sourdough - gallery/recipe in comments
vodka sauce with handmade whole wheat noodles.
Balsamic Glaze Pizza
Vegetarian Miso Ramen
chicken and dumplings in instant pot
Snowbits Treats made with marshmallow, biscuits, mixed nuts, dried cranberry, milk and natural flavoring (left to right, Coffee, Matcha, Milk and Chocolate)
Cranberry Orange Scones
fresh green bean casserole, crispy fried shallots and gourmet cream of mushroom soup
Salmon with vegetables.
Braised butternut squash Step 1: braise to desired doneness. Step 2: stir &amp; serve
Jalapeño cheese stuffed chicken, roasted broccoli and garlic mashed potatoes
Spaghetti carbonara
Creamy Pasta with Japanese A5 Wagyu
Chicken Pot Pie and 8% abv Kombucha
a sushi boat for four
panko fried cod
chocolate tart
BBQ jalapeño burger with spicy slaw and baked fries
Donuts- vanilla glaze with oreos and a peanut butter glaze with reeces cups and bacon
Moong Dal Ladoo
Spätzle with Jägersauce and Cordon bleu
Larb with pickled radishes, carrots, cabbage.
Veal steaks with garlic, creamy spinach and an assortment of veggies.
sandwich
Coq Au Vin!
croque monsieur, two cheese !
Ridge gourd Chana dal curry/Ridge gourd recipe/How to cook Ridge Gourd
Sichuan pig brain
Paneer Tikka Masala
Medium rare 300g Fillet (MB 2+) with Chips and Creamy Garlic sauce.
Instant Rabdi - Indian Sweet
Chả Giò (aka Vietnamese Fried Spring Rolls)
Ruben with homemade sourdough bread.
Korean Fried Chicken (and apple pie)
vegetarian ramen based on fennel.
Thai boat noodles
Pork belly and red wine pie.
Empanadas and Roasted Stuffed Bell Peppers for Valentine's Day ❤️
can someone tell me what this is?
Bacon burnt ends from a popular authentic Texas bbq restaurant
Garlic Braised Short Ribs with Red Wine
Caramel and pear puff pastry
Banana bread
Stargazy Pie
Sweet &amp; sour crab
Small Personal Pizza
Meat Fondue
fruit salad
Meatloaf patty melt
Bechamel Ratatouille
Pad Thai with Veggie Dumplings.
roasted cauliflower with citrus tahini sauce and caramelized onions.
Pasta alfredo
January food inspection report released by health department - Seymour Tribune
Chicken and veggie miso ramen
Croissants with proteinella and powered sugar on top
Japanese Cheesecake Mochi covered with melted chocolate and Pop Rocks.
Tomato risotto with heirlooms
Bacon Cheddar Egg Salad Wraps with alfalfa sprouts on butter lettuce leaves.
Chef Johns Tikka Masala
Viral Video Moves Sexual Harassment in Marine Corps to Forefront - The New York Times
The Taste of Rajasthan
Rice with sourcream and franks red hot sauce
Fries with Jungbullen meat, sautéed.
Afghan Chapli kebab burger with mint chutney
huckleberry no bake cheesecake, butter lemon pepper sauteed salmon.
Red velvet cupcake with cream cheese frosting and the layer of dark chocolate on the bottom
Kladdkaka (credits to Vivaliciouschic )
Chimchurri Chicken Wings, with simple mash potatoes, and French style green beans, with green onions as a garnish
Lasagna with Jalapeños and Garlic Bread
Karaage - Japanese fried chicken
Classic French Macarons
My friends bake with a passion
spaghetti pizza
a twist on instant noodle soup, made by 13 year old
Pistachio Baklava
Korean Fried Chicken Baby
bagels
Mediterranean pasta salad
Crusted Fillet
Air-fryer Mozzerella Sticks
Charcuterie for Girls Night In! Veggie meats, cheeses, crackers, fruits &amp; chocolate ✨
Tiny little skull on me yolk
Poké Bowl
Got some apple butter going. My house smells amazing.
NY Style Kart Chicken

Nothing special, just the  Keto Tacos that I usually make
Katsu Burger
Oven Bag Seafood Boil
Peanut butter, oatmeal, chocolate chip cookies
Sunday brunch waffle stack, scrapple and pepper bacon
Shoyu Ramen
Loaded Bulgogi Kimchi Fries
My fiancee made festive cookies for family this year!
Pizza Bianca🥰 12h dough
rolled egg attempt
salt n pepper fish, (honey baked) ham n egg fried rice, stir-fried cabbage w carrots
Curry Turkey, a proper use of Thanksgiving leftovers!
Chicken Piccata Risotto
4 hour Applewood Smoked Pork Ribs
buffalo wings
shredded chicken enchiladas
Chilli flake and paprika prawn linguine with home grown cherry tomatoes and basil in a cheesy sauce
Beef Wellington across 3 years and 3 attempts
lamb shanks couscous and Greek salad. Cooked to perfection.
Kenyan Mishkaki
grilled chicken wings
chess pie
Standing rib roast, roasted veggies, mashed potatoes, and biscuits - my take on Christmas Dinner for Two
Heavy whipping cream &amp; Carolans Irish cream coffee for a quick, easy  breakfast post abs workout
Country ribs, smoked then braised in a habanero &amp; aji amarillo sauce. Topped with a mango salsa and served over rice.
Japanese Apple Jam
Pork street tacos
beef stew tonight with veg from the local market
Pulled pork sandwich, fried homemade pickles, carrots.
Sweet chili chicken on mac n cheese
Double Layered Triple Chocolate Sea Salt Tart for my Daughter’s Birthday
A Viral Video Adds Urgency to Military Sexual Assault, Harassment - The Wall Street Journal
Carne Asada with rice, black beans and pico de gallo
Smoked Armadillo Eggs
Sous-vide Ribs
Lemon Pound Cake
gluten-free pancakes layered with nutella and served with vanilla ice cream :))
Lotus Biscoff cheescake
Kabobs over a wood fire. I love camping
Poutine with Garlic Cheese Curds and Beef Gravy
Benedict with fermented red onions, ham, fermented cayenne hollandaise and sage
Pasta and Bruschetta
Salmon and Caesar Salad
Korean Sausage Bread!!
Eye fillet steak. My partner and I wanted steaks. But budgeting can be difficult. This was my second try cooking steaks with a cast iron skillet for us. This is my favourite cut for steak other than sirloin. Made with butter and fresh garlic and Rosemary from our garden.
Baozi
oven slow cooked ribs
Marrocan Meatball Tagine w/ Tomato &amp; Chilli Cous Cous
Super Bowl Turkey Wedgie
Sweetened Condensed Milk Banana Cake
Black-Eyed Beans Chaat|అలసంద చాట్|Bonen Chaat|Home Kitchen Holland|India
Adjaruli Khachapuri with homemade soft cheese and whey dough.
Pancakes with apple, roasted walnut and cinnamon filling
Polynesian Haggis
Truffle Mushroom Toast with side of scrambled eggs and fruits
Creamy Salmon Pasta
Smoked pork with 3 chili ramen.
Chicken Wings
Cheddar and Marmite muffins.
maybe anyone knows what i’m eating?🥰
Thanksgiving's dinner
Beef Stew!
Crispy, bacon fat roasted brussel sprouts.
Vegetable Chow Mein
smoked prime rib blue cheese quiche Lorraine
-county fair style candied pecans-
Security Council fails to agree statement condemning Myanmar coup - Al Jazeera English
Pistachio tarts
Pig Snoot Sandwich
Here are the Top 5 easy snacks you can make at home and their recipes
prawn udon stir fry
Cinnamon Bagels.
What is Gorilla Glue? The sticky subject of the viral video, explained - New York Post
Spring rolls with vermicelli
Kale pesto spaghetti
Vegetable Omelet
Tonkatsu Udon
Oregon coast burger with wild foraged cauliflower mushroom and Nostrano Cheese
Shrimp Po' Boy with Spicy Remoulade - bonus pic inside
Beef skewers
Bacon Gouda Sandwich on Ciabatta Roll
beef and sausage lasagna, side view.
Roasted Portuguese chicken and salad.🙂
Primo Sale cheese
vegatable mix pan
Fish tacos
Ethiopian food
koji cured chicken quarter braised in dashi and chicken stock / pickled golden beets
Salmon, sweet potato, and broccoli
Fresh grown jalapenos scraped for poppers.
Valentine's Day Dinner
jalapeño cheddar biscuits
Brown Sugar Chocolate Chip Cookies
salt cod pasta, mushroom broth, estragon
Friends themed sugar cookies
Thanksgiving Prime Rib Roast with Garlic Mash and Roasted Carrots
work lunch bento
Serviceberry bagel with huckleberry cream cheese
Korean Steak Tacos with Homemade Kimchi and Cucumbers
Tres leches cake
Frikadeller &amp; stuvet hvidkål - Danish mest balls &amp; cream-stewed cabbage, served with rye bread
Keshek
A Korean Rice Burger with BBQ Pork and Kimchi
Hamburgers with delicious homemade buns
Scotcharoos
Butter chicken with garlic naan
Key lime pie
Garlic Parmesan Wings
fish and hot apples
duck confit
a Lobster Roll Flight
Blackened Cajun Catfish with Hasselback Potatoes and Turmeric Cauliflower
Meyer lemon tart with white chocolate butterflies and candied Meyer lemon wheel
Portuguese egg tarts 😍🤤
Toasts with Philadelphia cheese, chives and camembert, scrambled eggs, prosciutto, avocado, cherry tomatoes
the families 2020 ‘Never too late’ cake
The Leftover Sandwich
FLOWER CAKE my mother sent me for my birthday!
Brûléed Fig Salad
German Hokkaido pumpkin sourdough bread
Bday cake I made for my friend who recently came out!! Chocolate with chocolate frosting and m&amp;ms
Beef and Broccoli per Seonkyoung Longest’s recipe.
“” Beef Brisket
Butter chicken w/ Naan and White Bean Hummus.
Charcuterie Board for Valentine’s Day
Chocolate Cheesecake Cake with vanilla buttercream frosting!
Shrimp ceviche with avocado, cucumber, mango and heirloom tomatoes
LobsterTails
Pork nachos with homemade queso and drizzled with creamy chipotle sauce.
Chicken gryo pita wrap with garlic parm fries
Mr. Yoshida's Beef Stew

Papdi chaat
- B.L.T. Eggs Benedict
New Feeling of Soda Beverages ""
Fish Tacos. Yellow fin with crema cabbage and pico de gallo.
Bacon, Egg &amp; Cheese Sando
Roast chicken with tostones and cilantro lime rice
Pumpkin Masala
pork
My lonely loaf. I'll update w a crumb. Its bread pan bro is still cookin'
Chocolate Chip Banana bread
slow cooked beef shanks in mushroom sauce
Vegetarians ki jaan Panner Tikka
Magdalenas (Spanish Muffins) with orange
Dove Salted Caramel Blonde Chocolate
butternut squash raviolis
You come to me on the day of my daughter’s wedding...
vanilla honey candied ginger
Nachos
chocolate chocolate chip crumb protein muffins
Almond Flour Okonomiyaki
French Toast Roll Ups
Birria tacos
Smoked turkey leg with coleslaw
Hemorrhoids
Mac and Cheese with Meatballs and Spinach.
Beef Bourguignon
Tortellini with cheesesauce and mushrooms
Burger King is giving away gift cards!" Pork neck recipe with sweet potato mash, steamed kohlrabi, brussels sprouts and apple sauce
beautifully made Italian Philly cheesesteak
Basic sugar cookies and royal icing, Halloween style
white sauce pasta
sandwiches for boat trip
breakfast tacos and potatoes
cheese steak sandwich.
Sous vide rib eye pan fried with compound garlic butter and sautéed mushrooms with brown butter asparagus
Jalapeno Poppers
Arroz con Pollo
Dark Chocolate Brownies
Cheddar cheese eggs with bacon, Maine lobster and steak on a bread thin with some special sauce 😍
Steak dinner with handcut chip
Oysters
Sweet potato sourdough bread for Thanksgiving.
I just made this cake tower for my cake day :)
honey garlic shrimp
chorizo, sun dried tomato, wilted spinach, spaghetti
Tiramisu
Pork dumpling with dumpling skirt
homemade nachos.
toast with bread, spinach, dried tomatoes and mozzarella best ❤ have a good day!
chicken quesadilla with 3 types of cheeses
Cream of green vegetable soup
Homemade Salami Pizza, before and after cooking
New to making Macarons
Gochujang Korean fried chicken with green cabbage coleslaw
Instant Ramen Deluxe - Roast Beef edition
First haul of Christmas Cookies.
Veg Pan Pizza -- Crimini Mushrooms, Oyster Mushrooms, Red &amp; Green Bell Pepper, Onion, Artichoke, Tomato
Rice bowl with paprika cucumber onions and as topping eggs.
Taco Nachos
Low calorie cream cake recipe , delicious and easy
Shepherd's Pie with Ground Lamb Filling and Parmesean Mashed Potato Top
baked salmon sweet potato mash garlic bread and leaf salad with honey lemon dressing
When you go to the party and they think that you will eate a little bit of food then you came with a whole pig in your arms and tell them to cook it.
Finger millet flat bread
Binbingka
Roasted chicken thighs in a shallot, white wine pan sauce w/ roasted veggies
Peppermint Cake for Christmas!
truffle Mac and cheese and cherry smoked pork ribs
The best steak I’ve ever eaten. MS-7 or 8 grade Wagyu beef.
Sacher-Torte
A5 Wagyu Cutlet Sandwich
1Lb Spaghetti Carbonara...or what's left of it.
bang bang shrimp tacos with blackened salmon and steak fries
Chicken and dumpling soup
camote en tacha, made the sirup whit apples, guayavas, oranges and piloncillo
Shoyu grilled chicken tenderloin, bamboo rice, salt grilled hamachi kama, salad seasoned with crumbled dried nori and toasted sesame seeds
breakfast pizza topped with potatoes, ham, bacon, eggs with spinach, and cheese.
The United States of Christmas Cookies.
Chilly Chapathi
Rigatoni alla Gricia
Twice baked, garlic and chilli potatoes
House special Chinese rice and boneless spare ribs
Lego Kitchen: Лего Гигантский лобстер - ACMP cтоп моушен/Мукбанг
BBQ grill cooking just gives meat a better taste. Filet mignon with asparagus. Bon Apple feet!
Grilled/fried chicken wings
Garlic butter puffball
Apple chicken sausages on a bed of veggies! (Cook separately for maximum flavor)
shooting my shot at doner
Spinach and ricotta ravioli with a creamy mushroom sauce
Chinese Walnut/Peanut Cookies
bbq pulled pork grilled cheese on homage sourdough
stir-fried minced beef n vegetables with Taiwanese shacha/BBQ sauce
I made a spicy veg soup with noodles. I have made it too spicy though, can't use milk or cream, any suggestions to cool down the spice level?
Taco stuffed sweet potatoes
Watch: Viral Video Of Mya, The Husky Singing The Iconic Star Wars Tune! - Outlook India
Smoked Pastrami.
Completely vegan Mexican street tacos de birria y asada.
Tuna steak with Ottolenghi’s pomelo salad and jasmin rice
brioche burger buns
Mabo Dofu - Japanese version of Mapo Tofu.
Smoked hotlinks with pickled turnips, pickles and sauerkraut
Calamares, Pansit Lomi and Chicken Schnitzel
Pork Chop with Carrots and Spiced Blueberry Applesauce.
Cannoli.
Shrimp Chowder
Suffed Crust Pizza.
Chinese lemon chicken
tres leches cake i made
cheesecake. It’s a little ugly but it tastes great!
Mini Lemon Blueberry Loaves
Strawberry Vanilla Cake
WATCH | Video Of Bride
Portobello Burger
mee goreng noodles with deep fried tofu puffs and sliced baby potatoes.
Pumpkin Bread with Maple Butter
A little Christmas Eve Charcuterie Board - I’m starting to really get the hang of the art of these.
Çılbır
Cheesy Italian Meatballs in Marinara Sauce
Weekday roast chicken. Seared in cast iron and finished in oven.
stir-fried lo mein with spicy shrimp, basil and broccoli
Salmon and cream cheese topped with pesto on an asiago sourdough crostini
Cottage Pie
Moroccan lamb over bulgur topped with ribboned courgette
My friend is really good at charcuterie boards.
local baker who made these stunning cakes for me
Zoho's Arattai crosses 20,000 downloads in a week, plans to introduce encryption, digital locker soon - Times Now
Pecan chocolate chip banana bread
Double cheeseburger
salmon sashimi is always my favorite
Tropical moose,Raspberry syrup, almond cake and Italian merengue
Spaghetti with shrimp tails
Sake don/Salmon bowl
Build your own Banh Mi
Buffalo Chicken dip baby!
ĐẶC BIỆT | Món Salad Hoa Quả Này Có Gì Độc Đáo Đến Thế?!!? Thánh Nấu Ăn ...
I think this mini great white shark I made out of wool is pretty cute.
Hickory smoked bacon
Mushroom spinach "frittata"
Baked Apples
restaurant-style fried chicken with oil temperature control.
goulash
Amazing ribs with home grown peppers on top.
Chocolate covered strawberries.
Risotto Nero
Good News, Bad News for Novovax COVID Vaccine - MedPage Today
Pork Dumplings
Cheeseburgers with sautéed onions
Some crispy oven baked chicken wings with franks Buffalo sauce
this spicy ahi and shoyu poke bowl.
Whole wheat, zoodle, shrimp pasta with a cream tomato sauce and fresh Parmesan cheese
- Strip Steak, poached eggs, and grilled onions with Raclette
Pumpkin soup and baguettes
Spooky salmon nigiri
Sprinkle donut fried chicken "burger"
Chocolate Chip Fudge Brownie
Beef Steak and Mashed Potatoes with Mushroom Gravy
Oklahoma City Onion Burgers
in love with this bubbly focaccia. Toppings-&gt; taleggio cheese, blueberries and rosemary
Stuffed butternut squash
Cickn'n'Dumplins
Homemade falafel,pita and tzatziki. Yummmmmmm
Thai coconut curry chicken meatballs, so good!
Help! What am I doing wrong with dumplings. I can never get them right and they keep becoming these splodgey messes! Hmph!
Steak sandwich
Prayagraj: Viral video of heated argument b/w female Inspector
Fudgy Brownie Cookies
Moist, sweet but not overly sweet, soft... Chocolatey Chocolate Chunk Banana Nut Muffins ❤️ I used Pecan Nuts!
Grilled picanha, roasted asparagus, cauliflower mushroom risotto :)
Grilled ribeye on ciabatta with honey mustard and thyme. Elote.
Pizza Pockets
Roast Dinner
Not my cooking but damn. I'd pay anything for this😋😋
chicken breast stuffed with feta, cream cheese, garlic, spinach, and green onion. I may have won my ex back with this meal. I’ll keep you posted. 😂😂😂
Argentinian empanadas
A sandwich.
Mantı (kind of a pasty in Turkey)
Turtle-shaped challah
Korean samgyeopsal
: Seared Ahi Tuna topped over Jasmine Rice and a Spanish Slaw.
Crack a Coconut and Get the Meat
Bihar: Probe ordered after video of man teaching children with gun went viral - BW Businessworld
Medium-rare ribeye, creamy mushrooms, grilled veggies &amp; garlic bread
Tried to get proof that my cat can jump up to head height when chasing his toy. Didn't expect the intense mid-air crunches. Bonus: awestruck secondary cat in the background who definitely just found religion.
sushi platter.
Made some Coq au Vin and Polenta last night
Bata Macher Jhal Shorshe Diye-Bengali Recipe of Bata Fish in Mustard Paste-Spicy Indian Dish
Sausage and onion sourdough pizza
Thai spicy noodles &amp; Thai sweet chili green beans
Fruit Danish
Chanterelle and mascarpone ravioli in wild mushroom brodo
Pork chow mein
Spaghetti and meatballs marinara, garlic bread and salad with croutons and vinaigrette
Spinach and feta stuffed chicken
South Carolina Fried Chicken Sandwich
Prime Ribeye and Twice Baked Potato
oven baked chicken thigh with BBQ sauce, zucchini sautéed with sesame oil and onions and mushrooms sautéed with butter.
mango cake
spaghetti squash shrimp primavera
Venison Tenderloin
Apple Galette
Thánh Nấu Ăn - Làm Bánh Mỳ Kẹp Từ Chiếc Hộp Bí Ẩn Của JONATHAN GALINDO -...
Chicken stir fry
Bife Cheio De Insetos e Sapos Na Noite De Encontro Com A Namorada-Stop M...
Indian Butterchicken, Murgh makhani 🇮🇳
Hotpot tonight 🤗
General Discussion Post - January 2021
Macaroons
Just some eggs that have been deviled
Shoyu pork chashu ramen
CheeseBurger with homemade brioche buns
New Years Facaccia
Thai Style Chicken with Asparagus and Mushrooms.
Persian Chicken and Rice
drunken chicken made with beer gravy and a wine redux roasted veggies
Fried honey chilli chicken
Smoked pulled pork BBQ, Tasso ham, local country ham, pimento cheese, house jam, and pita.
couscous Moroccan food
Masoor Dal and naan.. 1.5hr naan and red lentil spicy curry
brisket braised with tomatoes onions carrots celery garlic and bay leaves
crepes
Risotto style barley with cumin marinated feta cheese.
Lamb Rack with Potatoes
Belgium waffles
Steak salad
a vegan Crunchwrap
Gingerbread and Sugar cookies
Venison Shanks
Beer battered flathead with chips and house made tartare sauce
Sweet Potato Casserole | Pumpkin &amp; Cauliflower
Spicy chicken thigh taco meat
Shrimp in Garlic Cream Sauce over a 4 Cheese Grits Cake
Picanha with bruschetta, cooked blue rare.
Oxtail stew, jerk chicken, rice and peas, mac and cheese, plantain and corn on the cob
Steak, garlic bread &amp; mashed potatoes with truffle sauce
DIY Fajitas
steam with a green onion and garlic butter, sprinkled with lemon rind to give it a flair.
Coq Au Vin
Matcha mochi donut
Quick beef salad
Tiny Éclairs!
Nashville Hot chicken sandwich (shout out to /u/double__negative for the inspiration and recipe)
Cheesesteak meat, egg &amp; cheese with french fries on toasted sourdough.
Hot &amp; Spicy peel &amp; eat shrimp.
Red curry with Radicchio, Peach and Chicken
Grilled Greek Chicken
passion fruit and mango mousse
beef and pork burger with bacon, red onion, and Big Mac sauce.
Bucatini all'Amatriciana
Pork loin chops, asparagus, potatoes and carrots with gravy.
My attempt at Amaury Guichon’s Saturn. Tempered chocolate shell and ring, vanilla cheesecake mousse with blueberry swirl, blueberry compote and brown butter hazelnut crumb
Vegetarian no-carbs pizza
Thin pork chops, salad, fried rice with eggs
Pistachio “Ferrero Rocher” – Vegan Chocolate Truffles
Chocotorta
KFC aka Korean Fried Chicken
eel with matcha sesame soba noodles
Upgrade instand Pizza
Blueberry cornmeal galette
Banh Mi, soy marinated tofu, pickled diakon, carrots, cucumber, shallot, fresh jalapeños, cilantro, mayo, and Sriracha.
Whole Wheat Sourdough Baguette
Evening meal at Tokyo Station
Jambalaya!
Cilantro citrus chicken
The surface of the moon is a galactic time capsule - Space.com
Sauteed fennel with blue cheese
I made a corn flour lemon chiffon this morning out of boredom and it’s so fluffy it jiggles.
Pepperoni pizza with cheese-stuffed sides
Lemon Mousse with Meringue
Baked then dunked the broiled
Chicken Ceasar salad with pasta &amp; homemade dressing.
Biang Biang Noodles
curry chicken pizza
Soft Pretzals
Scallop Surf and Turf
All the chances Pakistan missed in the field in New Zealand's first innings - ESPNcricinfo
Picanha surf &amp; turf.
Tandoori Chicken Pizza
spiced pork loin, sherried onions, roast baby potatoes and spinach
Calories in 3 piece(s) of Domino's Stuffed Cheesy Bread.
KFC Famous Bowl!!
Food recipe
I  made Guinness braised short ribs, with veg, and rosemary mashed potatoes
Tofurkey roast for Thanksgiving
Poblano Picasso burger from Bob’s Burgers
Italian Beef Calzone
Chicken Bacon Burger
Porchetta
pork chop, asparagus, and mashed potatoes.
Shakshuka
Asain-Fall Fusion tacos - Sesame, Ginger and Apple Cider marinated Shortribs brasied in an Oktoberfest beer with a spicy purple slaw and a spicy apple cider and soy and ginger reduction
pretzels!
Chicken Mei Fun
Sous Vide Ribeye Steak
Korean Domino's Pizza
almost classic carbonara (pancetta)
Classic apple pie with a walnut vanilla crust
Roast chicken.
Copycat Chipotle Chicken
Homemade nachos I made with my dad. :D
Chicken Tikka Masala + Cucumber Salad
Woke up craving blueberry crepes so I made some😋
Braised Pork Belly and Stir Fried Baby Bok Choi
Second time making chocolate chip cookies from scratch
Creamed corn with chicken.
Christmas Cheesecake No bake No Oven
Beignets from a box.
South Indian garlic chilli lamb masala and garlic nann 👌
Loaded Chicken Tortilla Soup
Grilled Gilthead
Chicken tenders, mashed potatoes and broccolini
Coconut macaroons with chocolate.
Nutella and Salted caramel filled chocolate cookies
Red Velvet Cake
Xmas gifts: Lemon-Ginger Honey syrup &amp; Bulleit whiskey for hot toddies.
Pork medallions with mushroom sauce
Ramen.
Pork ribeye with blackberry sauce.
4 cheese pasta with air fryer chicken, bacon, broccoli, red pepper, and green pepper.
Hot Pot Tonight!
Lemon buttermilk pound cake with blueberry ganache.
Butternut Squash Cappelletti, Brown Butter, Tomato Confit, Goats Cheese, Squash Puree, Candied Walnuts and Basil
Eggs Benedict Wraffles
Steak and mushroom pie
fall off the bone ribs and collard greens bought the Mac and cheese tho 🤷🏼‍♂️
duck breast a.k.a. magret de canard
Cereals...
Pretzel Bites
Vermont Curry w/ Seared Chicken n Fried Mushrooms in Potato Batter
Sourdough mini loaf (350g) and mini cast iron shrimp pizza for breakfast (6 inch skillet). Productive morning!
NY Strip and Salsa Verde
wemade charcuterie (this is for four people)
macaroons
Veg macaroni/ how to make veg Macaroni
Basil-less Pizza Margherita.
Egg rolls and wontons
a wholesome Libanese dish
finally ordered pho today :)
Butter cake
Masala Fried Chicken
Momos =Forever Love
Coq au vin with black lentils and lettuce. Rooster “processed” on site yesterday.
Fresh beef rice rolls
bouillabaisse
chicken schnitzel with a Dijon cream sauce. Served with mixed veggies and mashed potatoes. Sauce was incredible!
Matcha Greenies
Panko and rice cereal crusted beer battered chicken strips (phew long title lol)
Sirloin steak with hasselback potatoes, garlic sautéed asparagus and tenderstem broccoli
I call it mini pizza's on a baguette
pulled pork “carnitas”
Fried rice with salted pork, green beans and shiitake mushroom
An Easy Greek Dessert For The Family: Kataifi
Crab cleaning and cooking
Eggs Benedict and blueberry pancakes
Rinderrouladen with potato dumplings
Spicy Sausage Pasta
Beef Szechuan with egg fried rice.
50 dishes we made during the pandemic
Stir fry Chilli prawns with egg noodles.
Sun Dried Tomato and Spinach Pizza
Assorted cookie box
Barbecue Chicken Pizza
Fresh butcher sirloin roast with home grown potatoes and yellow and purple carrots
chocolate nuts
Roasted Lamb with minced mint leaves
Corner piece
Cookies&amp;Cream Ice Cream Sundae w/ Rootbeer whipped cream
Feta, Pesto &amp; Sun-dried tomatoes cake
rainbow cakes
Pumpkin coconut soup
Chashu Bowl
All-day BBQ feast (complete w/ sweet tea &amp; sunflowers).
pecan pie
Sweet Corn
Smoked trout grapefruit salad with pickled red onions and whipped cream cheese
Smoked sausage and egg scramble
Apple-crumble Pancakes 🥞🍏
Choco Sandwich absolute happiness
dumplings!
Government integrates non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in national NCD prevention program - Mint
bulgur ball, Travel to Turkey with Bulgur balls(İçli Köfte)
Halloween Troll Cupcakes
Tagine Style Lamb Stew
Ind vs Eng: Third and fourth Test in Motera to have fans in attendance - ANI News
That's a proper Sunday Roast
BBQ chicken.
AMONG US está o meu JANTAR😈 - Cozinhando ASMR Vídeo engraçado Stop Motio...
potatoes green peppers onions fried egg.
Ribeye with Béarnaise, Roasted Pots and Broccoli.
BBQ chicken thighs.
Voila, my Tiger Bun Herring and Onions.
Pitta with vegetarian "lamb" kebab, cucumber and hummus, with coleslaw on the side
S’mores Brownies
Izmir Bomb
chocolate peanut butter dream bars
Breakfast: French Toast
the best take out is Mexican
whole Chicken Tikka Masala cooked on the rotisserie 🙌
Cioppino with Black Cod, Halibut, Shrimp, Clams

Stone-baked pepperoni and spinach pizza
Shrimp Paste Vinaigrette La Mian with Spicy Tomato Broth
Creamy Tuscan Gnocchi
Philly cheesesteak sliders
Mutton Curry (Laal Maas) and Paratha
smoked beef rib
creamy man juice
The Perfect Homemade Apple Pie https://ift.tt/3oMEMpz
berries and cream cake
Ovenroasted Naan with Baked Eggs, smoked salmon, avocado, and bit of sesame seasoning
Italian Umami Bomb Burger
Herb roasted Cornish hen with cornbread mushroom dressing, maple bacon brussel sprouts, and a dijon cream pan sauce.
Toasted Pecan &amp; Cherry Bread
smoked salmon and scrambled eggs atop homemade croissants
"frikandelbroodjes"
Sweet and sour pork with veggies
Nasi Uduk with bacem, telur balado, bakwan jagung - Indonesian breakfast (details in comments)
Big Mac with Cheesy fries!
street tacos!
Pressed fajitas with homemade flour chips
charcuterie
Macaroni and burger meat
goose roast!
chicken bacon club sandwich
Cannoli with Chocolate Chips
sourdough focaccia
Kurt.
Simple breakfast
Garlic Herb Goat Cheese, Genoa Salami, and Fig Jam Toast
Five cheese &amp; pesto &amp; tomato casserole
beef ribs
Profiterole
spaghetti marinara
Chicken Fricassée &amp; Sautéed Potatoes
Might seem like an odd combination, but rice, fried potatoes, and steak is one of the most hearty meals out there.
Coconut Passionfruit Flavored Macarons
Lobster and Shrimp Báhn Mì
Breakfast skillet
Traditional Lasagna
Best Grilling Gift for Dad ""
the burger emoji 🍔
Shrimp pasta with sundried tomato sauce, potato salad and steamed corn cob
Bacon, Egg, Avocado, &amp; Hash browns
mozzarella sticks and marinara
Red berry cheesecake
Chicken Pakora (Chicken Fry) Recipe in Hindi | Indian Street Food
Lobster Mushroom and Asparagus Risotto
Broccoli Cheddar Soup
some simple chili
Springrolls
Teriyaki Beef Fried Rice with Sweet Potato
Chicken schnitzel cooked in ghee w panko crumbs.
Birthday cupcakes
I impulse purchased this pumpkin 3 days ago. What can I do with it?
My starter course for my Christmas dinner! Rocket leaves with caramelized pear, blue cheese and black truffle shavings.
Basque Cheesecake
Mushroom risotto and some baked chicken
Chef needs this mini tandoor for their home
Stir fried beef short ribs with rice.
Tyson buffalo chicken nuggets and found this. Thoughts?
dragon sushi roll
Chocolate berry cake
Christmas cookies
Potstickers / Jiaozi
https://www.monsieur-cuisine.com/es/recetas/detalle/pure-de-patata-con-espinacas-y-ternera/?L=0&amp;amp;cHash=9e4e47b5536b978a5f1eddcd2043e5e9
Pizzele
best in town
Ultimate Cheeseburger Pie (Credit goes to: Almazan Kitchen)
Late lunch....
Sweet Cranberry BBQ Sauce for Turkey
caviar with blinis/ lobster escargot, butter garlic escargot, gorgonzola escargot/ french onion soup/ beef wellington, yorkshire pudding, mashed potatoes
Sichuan Cold Noodles w/Chicken
Pork Chop and Brussels Sprouts
They might not be fancy, but damn they’re good.
sorry couldn’t remove the guys tag. But had to share
“” HE WAS TALKING SMACK!
Fried rice topped with chicken marinated in honey, soy sauce, ginger, and red wine.
Chicken Tikka Masala w/ Homemade Naan Bread.
Homemade Chilli Taco Bowl (bowl is a tortilla wrap) with homemade pico de gallo
Joe's Stone crabs flown in from Miami
USA Cheesecake!
Maple Syrup, Cream Cheese, Bacon, &amp; Parmesan on fresh baked and toasted Sourdough
Kid makes a all natural Travis Scott burger and throws up
Grilled catfish stuffed with lime and chili
Sushi Rolls
Traditional Cherokee meal of fish, pan fried squash, threes!ster salad, and corn pones
Mushroom trio pizza ft. Morel, matsutake, and chanterelles with black truffles and cave aged gruyere on homemade sourdough crust.
Improved Supreme Pizza
Turkey burger on whole wheat bun with spinach and roasted grape tomatoes
Avocado Toast
Roasted butternut squash pasta in parmesan garlic sauce
Easy and creamy dessert
No yeast pizza
Apple Pie
Borsht
Burger w/ milk pretzel bun, pickled peppers, caramelized onions, port salut, apricot jam and fried egg
Cinnamon cronuts
Halloumi fries with roasted veg, balsamic glaze, honey &amp; chilli jam
Gingerbread Bell Tower
Steak and Rice
Roasted garlic, Chicken and Mushroom Fettuccine
Peanut Butter Chocolate Chip Cookies
Roast potatoes
MUG CAKE VEGAN - 3 Recipes (Easy, Quick) HOLIDAY EDITION
Chocolate birthday cake with vanilla butter cream frosting
Grilled Chicken Bean Burrito
piri piri tonkotsu ramen
Chocolate Pecan Pie with Bourbon
Oxtail, rice and dumplings
Hibachi recipes for Ginger &amp; Yum Yum sauces from my local spot. The gallons, lbs, and typos have me cracking up. Any idea what the ingredient is below the carrots?
Hummingbird cake with pineapple cream cheese frosting
Polenta Red Pepper Kebabs with Pesto Peas, Spinach + Mushrooms
Hey all! Just started a new foodie community for Hidden Menu Items in NYC • r/HiddenGemsNYC
French lentil salad.
Bonchon! Soooo good!!
Cast iron seared brown butter scallops.
Tonkotsu Black Ramen!
Redvelvet Crinkle Cookies
Slow cooked beef brisket with vinegar BBQ sauce, cornbread and steamed zucchini.
Banana ice cream with Chocolate Cookie Chunks, Drizzled with Caramel
breakfast NY strip with melted cherry tomatoes and toast
Cooked eggplant, cluster beans with Ragi (finger millets) chapati
Fudgy Brownies. Flavours from Salted caramel and S’mores to Creme Brulee brownie
The Most Expensive Omakase Menus In The World
My take on a Charcuterie Board.
Shepherd's pie, oyster shrooms with sage and roast vegetables
Chế biến KEM 3 MÀU từ Bọt Biển Tinh Nghịch SpongeBob - Thánh Nấu Ăn ASMR...
Ramen and Beef stir fry
Ahi-Tuna Burritos
Chicken Tikka BBQ
Lerne Meisterhaft zu basken!
Pepperoni, sausage and half banana peppers.
Late night schnitzel
Rice Donuts and Jaggery Coffee
roasted broccoli, spinach, and asparagus
#sushi #soba #sobanoodles #noodles (Uncle Sam ASMR)
Egg on a Bread
Cajun thyme and rosemary chicken, roast potatoes and sautéed veg in truffle mustard
Pork Lo Mein
vegan burger
Date night dinner.
Mac n' Cheese
A little unorthodox, but it was my craving... spaghetti and meat sauce and cornbread (for one :/)
Look at this rare gummy ring
A side of zucchini with Italian herbed salami.
Wild duck wontons, with instant udon broth, and XFF chili oil.
Pancetta, Prosciutto and Pepperoni pizza
Lime and Chilli Steak with a crushed radish and cucumber salad.
My mother’s chocolate cake for Thanksgiving
Mojo pork tacos with cumin spiced chilli oil and homemade salsa
Chocolate thunder from down under just like Outback Steakhouse
Dutch oven chicken
rainbow pasta ravioli
Mushroom Pie
Peppercorn Bacon!
Classic Costs Rican Gallo Pinto
lil strawberry
Godiva Soft Serve (Okinawa)
Diced apples
Chanterelle mushroom risotto with crispy onion on top
Pork and Duck Ramen
Asada Tacos
Carne asada fries
Buttermilk pancakes with vanilla infused maple syrup
locally made Italian sausage with sauteed veggies
Golden beet salad with homegrown beets.
Fried chicken, French fries and mozzarella sticks
Peter Rabbit themed 3rd birthday cake
Mini Chicken Bread
Fried rice with Chicken BBQ
Ground beef cutlet burger
New York strip with balsamic reduction, butternut purée, with roasted Broccoli and shallots topped with honey goat cheese.
Filet mignon, garlic mashed potatoes, roasted mushrooms, asparagus, carrot burnoise, bordelaise.
Scrambled Eggs, Bacon, Home Fried BBQ-seasoned potatoes, and Toast with Quebec Cretons
Vegetarian Butter dosas, a South Indian savory version of the infamous pancakes or crepes. Nutritious, wholesome and lip-smackingly delicious.
Chocolate dipped coconut macaroons
green chicken, Bengali style
Chocolate cake receipt without eggs! Fast! Homemade
I made Poffins from Pokemon! It’s a actually choux puffs with lemon, spinach, raspberry, and scotch bonnet whipped cream fillings!
Rockefeller
Cauliflower BBQ “Wings” with air fried fries, carrots, and ranch.
Buffalo chickpea wrap
Indian pasta, is very delicious! Learn to make in this video! https://www.reddit.com/user/goodideias/draft/118d3958-6712-11eb-bf36-eaa920f9ebbc
Amazing Shrimp Tacos with Avocado and Coriander pesto
Beer battered fish tacos with Avocado salsa and chilli jam
Parmigiano Reggiano cheese bread fresh from the oven.
Banana cake
Lengua Tacos on Carmelo duck fat tortillas
Manchurian gravy and Jeera Rice
fried chicken sandwich all the way down to the bun
Air-fryer shrimp tacos
Sonic Taiyaki
garden dumplings
Charcuterie board with caramelized onion jam, spiced cherry preserves, and chocolate covered pomegranate.
Homestyle Breakfast
Starfruit Upside down Cake
Poblano, Corn &amp; Shrimp Soup
French beef stew (Boeuf Bourguignon)
BBQ pork banh mi
Air fried wings with the ‘last dab’ setup.
Sea Scallops with Mint-Pea Purée
Shrimps Spaghetti with spinach, garlic and caramelized onions
Mexican food.
Slow cooked sticky Chinese pork shoulder
Venison bresaola
Spicy Chicken Chettinad
coconut salmon curry
, sammich.
Fried green tomato snack board.
Pear and chocolate gingerbread pie
Smoked Tuna Dip
barade sandwiches
one potato and dinner is ready
Lemon cupcakes with lemon frosting, and red raspberry filling and drizzle.
Inauthentic char siu
For lunar new year I made these rose dumplings. Also a Valentine’s Day idea!!!
Detroit style pizza.
Handmade hamburger buns for bacon-bleu burgers
Spring roll
Some delicious Kway Teow
Thanksgiving Leftover Curry
Octopus Linguine w. Scallop Gratin
Melt in your mouth almond cookies - Singapore
Tempura Salmon Tacos
Little Japanese Ramen 🐣
Chouquettes
Spicy, Chicken-Caprese Flatbread
Happy Hour before covid. So much good food. Miss those days of eating out.
Maggi noodles with homemade kimchi paste .
How to make Rusgulle Mini Food Village
Croissant breakfast sandwich
Thin Crust Dessert Pizza
chili cornbread pie
Brazilian Churrasco - Homemade chicken linguica, chicken hearts, marinated chicken wings, sirloin (Picanha) and garlic bread.
Large Kauai Shrimp with Sweet &amp; Spicy Tamarind Glaze and Sea Beans
Smashed burgers
Potato Pave
Cast-iron grilled shrimp skewers with a lemon-paprika mayo
Italian Beef
Korean Pizza and Fried Chicken
Rye Sourdough Loaf
Tabasco Hot Wings
enriched white sourdough
Shashuka - never made it before but turned out delicious, and nice and spicy!
Lasagne with a side of Pomme Fondant
Grilled lobster basted (and dipped) in garlic butter
Eclairs filled with chocolate creme diplomat and dunked in caramelized white chocolate ganache
hickory smoked ribs and sangria
Smoked Turkey Breast!!!
Saucisson of Pork Tenderloin
Birria Quesotacos
Deconstructed cheesecake
Salmon with tuscan style broccoli
Blueberry swirl cheesecake bars
After a failed attempt I finally made a good Spaghetti a la Carbonara
Lobster Roll and Fries
Vegetarian tacos 🌮
Only thing scarier would be Canadian Geese 🤣
Oatmeal Dark Chocolate Cookie Cup
Sous Vide Mallard Breast Rice Bowl
butterbean side salad
Happy Halloween!
Lomo Saltado with Tacu Tacu
A Chinese Chicken FEAST - Sweet/Sour Chicken, General Tso’s Chicken, Chicken and Broccoli, Chicken Lo Mein
Veg Dum Biryani. I am always craving for this, can't stop eating when I am served with this.
Prime Rib &amp; Horseradish flavored potato chips
Japanese chicken curry rice
Apple Chipotle Beef Brisket Sandwich
I always TRY to put plastic wrap in perfectly. Baba Ghanoush and Humus.
Falooda.
Duck with mashed potatoes and carrots
marinara with onions and grana flakes
I just smoked some drunken beer chickens! Damn that was tasty, almost like pulled chicken.
Good old fashioned British Sunday lunch with all the trimmings
Mountain mikes pizza and it was delicious but pricey
I'm not much of a cook but I made this breakfast sandwich today. It contains an over easy egg cooked with pesto, extra sharp cheddar, and spinach, and then buttered toast.
Oysters 4 ways - cucumber gazpacho, ponzu pearls, trout caviar + creme fraiche, raspberry mignonette
Upside down date cake with cardamom and ginger flavored base, let me know what you think about this one!
Duck Confit
IGGI.the easiest way to eat Balanced meal. Like
Smoked brisket stroganoff
rosquillas (Spanish donuts)
5 guys
Mashed Celeriac with Butternut Squash
roasted duck with orange sauce
Potato focaccia bread topped with garden tomatoes.
Perfect Sunny Side up
FAMOUS INDIAN DISH , LITTI CHOKHA
spicy char kuey teow
Spinach tagliatelle, shrimp, cherry tomatoes and red chili peppers
Sweet potato waldorf salad
Handmade Chicken Cordon Bleu Sausage
Turkey meatballs with marinara sauce
Apple fritters from the tree out back
Shredded Chuck roast stroganoff
BBQ Pulled Pork Burger with spicy coleslaw
Papaya leaf juice: Health benefits, how to make and the right way to consume - Times of India
Whole wheat pancakes
Wrap with marinated lamb, avocado and mixed greens, and pulled pork poutine
Savoury scrolls - bottom layer: pizza (olive, mushroom, fresh oregano, pizza sauce, cheese); top layer: cheesymite (vegemite and cheese)
Classic Chinese Lo Mein (recipe in comments)
Tamagoyaki
chashu with makeshift meat net
I made homemade “Chinese” food with my ✨a i r f r y e r ✨
TV Dinner: Mock Chicken Legs, Mashed Spuds with Gravy, and Veggies
street tacos from L.A. with handmade tortillas
chicken and waffles whipped up in 30mins
Pumpkin Bread with Pecan streusel
Fried Chicken and Waffles with Maple Honey Butter and Frank’s Red Hot Whipped Cream
BBQ Platter: Ribs, pulled pork, smoked chicken, and chopped brisket
Pink R2-D2 Waffles
ahi tuna with passionfruit leche de tigre
Halloumi, spinach &amp; avocado wrap with an avocado type sauce and smoked chipotle hot sauce.
Tiramisu cake
Regular and Ube Pandesal
Shrimp and scallion stir-fry with white rice. My mum made it.
Steak with Chimmichurri
Who else eats this as a snack?
Does a warm slice of THC infused browned butter banana bread studded with candied pecans and drizzled with a rich, ,THC infused caramel sauce sound tasty?
- Bacon, tomato, and egg breakfast sandwich
Tuna and endive salad with tomato, dill, red onion and crunchy fried garlic, spring onion and ginger
Chocolate chip chocolate pancakes in the shape of kitty heads!
air fried soy sauce chicken and fried rice :D
Pulled pork  or fall apart pork.
Animal style burrito local place called bazaar eatery
clams and mussels in garlic butter white wine sauce
a giant bowl of Bun Bo Hue
Turkey Breast
Smoked Raspberry Chipotle Wings
Baked Apple Cider Doughnuts
Snowman vanilla sugar cookies with lemon icing
Cast Iron Shakshouka
Hand cut ramen
raspberry cheesecake
Blueberry, Meyer Lemon, Thyme
Rate my roast
Seasoned porkchop resting on a bed of caramelized mushrooms, onions and jalapenos with a fried egg on top.
crab fries with Cajun ranch and cheese
Mapo Tofu, a numbing savory dish...
SWAT food truck, Northfield VFW team up - Akron Beacon Journal
FENUGREEK PEAS CREAMY CURRY ( METHI MATAR MALAI)
Meatballs
This is how I justify beer at 11am in quarantine- roast potatoes, carrot, paprika, and sausages with a home made chilli BBQ sauce! 😋
spicy marinated chicken
Chicken Ramen with Duck Egg
fried chicken gravy with rice
my initial foray in pie-making: Cherry pie. Crumble topping didn’t come out so pretty so ended up doing a cookie crust instead. 7-year old daughter’s hand for a homely effect
Lekach (Honey Cake)
Egg and Dumplings
the “Fatty Cow”. Giant burger, grilled cheese sandwiches for the bun, mozzarella sticks, bacon and smoked sausage.
Giant Lobster
Tiramisu + Lady Fingers
bbq kebab
Chicken &amp; Sausage gumbo
Kare-kare
Whole smoked chicken stuffed with lemon and thyme - smoked using maple chips
Blinis with Salmon, Cream Cheese and Lumpfish Caviar
egg and cheese Muffin
Mango Ice Cream Apple Chia Pudding!
Hakka chili chicken, jumbo fried shrimp, spicy green beans, broccoli with mushroom and vegetable fried rice
Beetroot chapati wit roasted raw banana.
Cinnamon Rolls with pink icing for Valentine’s Day and Bacon. Happy Saturday!
khoresh karafs - lamb shoulder, celery, crispy shallots
pepperoni and mushroom pizza
meatloaf and macaroni and cheese
Random Tuna salad recipe card I made for my friend. Nothing’s that precise, but if you wing it, it works.
Pecan Streusel Topped Sweet Potato Pie
trout amandine
a Cannoli Cupcake
Beef Enchilada Casserole
Mozzarella pull apart bread
Italian Beef,Dry, with sweet peppers and mozzarella.
Chicken and Dumplings
https://ift.tt/36n93Ej
Veggie beef burger with insects
Bison Chili - recipe in comments
Morning Milk Tea
Gyoza with a filling of pork, lobster, garlic, spring onion, carrot and plenty of ginger
Chilli Chicken
Cooked Pork Chops, Small Pre-Made Potatoes with some veggies on top of couscous
California burrito well done crispy fries and added pico de Gallo sauce.
aloo aur shimla mirch
Kolache; Apple, Cherry, Blueberry, Smoked Sausage w/ Pepper Jack Cheese, Philly Cheesesteaks, Sausage Egg &amp; Cheese Topped w/ Everything Bagel Seasoning
Crispy Fried Chicken!
Donuts! Including Reese's Cup Donuts!
Tiramisu Cake
Looks like I'll be having  baked rigatoni for the next week.
Double Cheese McChicken BLT
pretzels
chinese fresh noodle stir fry with tofu... and speck!
I'll see your spicy chicken sandwich, and raise one whole spicy chicken sandwich.
Spring rolls with konjac noodles and shrimp.
Lemon ricotta pasta with smoked salmon
Chicken ramen (the noodles are hidden under all the goods).
Belgian Buns
Pulled Pork Sandwich
Peanut Butter Cookie Balls
dijon glazed chicken
Chilaquiles with Chorizo, Black Beans, Vegan Queso, Guacamole, and Cilantro Jalapeño Crema
Steak Chili and Cornbread
Buttermilk biscuits
Bacon-cheeseburger with a 150g patty.
Chili with Cornbread
my first Reuben Sandwich
Fruit Smoothie With Greek Yogurt
wontons 🥟
Smoked Yak Tacos
Chicken Mushroom Spaghetti In White Sauce
Turkey, stuffing, brie, cranberry, Brussel sprout quesadillas
Indices end choppy day in the red
Lumpia
calamari
Some salad with shrimp and a breadstick
Bacon
Pancakes for breakfast!
in progress...
Taco Shell Meal Kit
Spicy honey bBQ boneless wings
4 egg denver omelet with fried Taylor ham. Toast. And vanilla milk
I made fudge for sharing. Dark chocolate with Kalua, peanut butter, and salted caramel. Yum!
Katori Chaat (Basically a chaat in a yummy bowl you can eat)
Spaghetti and meatball(s).
Kisir, Turkish bulgur salad with homemade pomegranate molasses
Homemade whole wheat pizza with spinach, arrabiatta sauce, mushrooms, cheese, barbeque chicken and jalapenos.
Chicken Sandwich - Joshua Weissman’s Recipe
Grazing Board 😍
Easter themed,nut shaped cookies, filled with caramel
Foil packet: SantaFe sofrito marinated chicken breast with seasoned corn salsa, topped with Mex blend cheese
Christmass Roast Beef
pork chops, grouper with crispy ginger, fried rice, baby amaranth leaves
Apple &amp; berry crisp with rolled oat, honey and pecan topping. Served with farm fresh ice cream
Chocolate Chip Vanilla Bean Cake, Vanilla Buttercream, and Dark &amp; White Chocolate Cookies
Quiche with spinach, red pepper, onion, feta, and tomato.
Vegetarian pizza
Apple Cake
lemon curd tart
Sauerbraten with braised cabbage and spaetzle.
cast iron steak
chocolate chip banana walnut bread
Chocolate malt cupcakes
Baked Caramilk Cheesecake
Nestle Milkybar Nougat Ice Cream
Pain au chocolat!
shrimp soup
stuffed pumpkin
rigatoni Bolognese
Chettinad Gravy
roasted pork loin and zucchini
chocolate walnut banana bread
mango rose tart
Jello/Jelly.
As requested post ratatouille
Instant Pot French onion soup
Yorkshire Pudding
, grinded and stuffed South African Boerwors Sausage.
I tried, I loved!
Cranberries
Blood Orange
S
Spicy Ramen
Spicy udon noodle salad w/ pan-seared ginger Ahi
Salmon vegetable bowl with spicy peanut sauce
Cochinita Pibil
Fruit pizza
Pineapple and Rum Upside Down Cake
tapas selection
Tequila Lime Cheesecake Bars
Halloween Cheesecakes
Carne asada tacos and chile toreado
Second try... any good seasosing wanna share?
white chocolate eggs filled with candies with little wooden hammers for cracking. Made by one of my talented sisters.
Louisiana gumbo with fried okra.
some delicious Chinese food
Nacho dish w/ beans, corn, red onion, bell peppers, cheese &amp; creme fraiche
Mushroom and leek tortellini.
black pearl rice sourdough
fried salmon with noodles
Sea bass and Cauliflower Pilau is awesome
Chocolate cake with chocolate buttercream frosting, sticky ganache and some plum on top
red curry peanut noodles with tofu &amp; veggies
Salmon toast, Shrimp summer roll &amp; Tuna tartar
Beef Stew. 8 hours in slow cooker
Belgian waffle
Bacon Fat Tortilla Breakfast Tacos
Morning after breakfast. Holiday ham turkey mash with two biscuits and gravy😋
Walnut brownies topped with salted caramel. Gifted by my new best friend.
Sea bass and bream with red pepper, onion, tomatoes, red onion, broccoli chilly, carrot, green pepper, garlic
Mini apple and cherry pies
Israeli Shakshuka
chicken paella
One Pot Chicken Biryani
Indian Spiced Pulled Pork, yoghurt and mint raita and a sourdough and onion roll
Parchment salmon
Crispy Chicken with roasted potatoes
Pork &amp; Shrimp Potstickers.
Cardamom Buns
A  purple raspberry birthday cake 🎂
baked pork ribs, marinated 48 hours in garam masala and honey
Wheat(gluten) leads to depression.
Pumpkin Bars, with and without frosting
Beef Wellington from Gordon Ramsay Steak in KC
Pork, Chorizo and Black Pudding Burger
Moules mariniere
Indian IKEA Food
egg hakka noodles
Toasted Coconut Mousse Cake with Passionfruit Glaze and Tahitian Vanilla Puffed Rice
Tagliatelle bolognese
I made a red velvet Christmas cake
Omakase to go box
Chocolate bundt cake
red wine braised short ribs and gruyere mashed potatoes
Duck Confit Risotto (Middle Eastern Style) w/ Anise, Cinnamon, Parsley, Red Pepper, and Ancho Chile.
Cheese Cake at Cafe Bateel
Pomegranate Meringue Tart
Organic fried chicken sandwich on a milk bun with a sweet hot mustard, local honey, bread and butter pickles and Serrano chilies. Accompanied by rosemary black pepper potato chips.
Dido food , "" ,my breakfast this morning.
Chocolate cake with a chocolate ganache layer. Swiss butter cream icing
Wagyu Beef Wellington
torta I made (sandwhich) enjoy!
Gingerbread Cake
- Charcuterie Board
Dragon Fire poke bowl
Quail eggs, garlicky kale, and steak
Mini cakes
a Dicks burger in Seattle
Lemon Pepper Wings
Margherita pizza with prosciutto
Our Charcuterie for New Years
Pork Livers with bacon cubes, a side of roasted vegetables and mashed potatoes
Beef roast, caramelized carrots and mustard/wine sauce
Pan fried pork chop, potatoes and caramelised red onions
quinoa beet burger with wedge potato “fries” and smoked tomato aioli
Silky Smooth Salted Caramel Sauce
kid's size pepperoni pizza
double smoked cherry bourbon glazed ham
Lamb chops, garlic parmesan crusted potatoes and broccoli
simple breakfast, sesame bagel, cream cheese, salmon &amp; capers.
EASY yoghurt dressing 3 ingredients healthy
Super bowl snacks, baked chicken wings, Jalapeno chili dip, beef birria tacos
Potato-pepper soup with shrimps
Garlicky Beef Jerky
Bacon wrapped cream cookies
Chilaquiles
korean veggie pancakes
Korean Tofu Chili Pepper Pancake
Top 10 healthiest foods in the world
Stir fried udon
For Christmas, I present a Beef Wellington and I am pleased with the results. (Ramsay’s Christmas recipe minus chestnuts).
ramen all I can afford these days
Since big family dinner are generally not allowed this year; we decided to do a step by step on how to make a smaller salt baked chicken dinner! Enjoy!
this yummy sandwich
9-inches burger
Steak ribeye nachos
Yorkshire Pudding, mixed veg And Gravy. Proper Autumnal comfort food.
Crustless Spinach Pie
Bacon fat seared giant black shrimp and squid ink fettuccine with garlic, tomato cream sauce.
Hatch Chile, aged whit cheddar cheese unwrapped tamales, smoked paprika lime sour cream, chunky salads,and jalapeño mango pico de Gallo.
Tortellini Soup
Korean Short Ribs and Garlic Shrimp with broccoli, cauliflower and rice.
Beef ramen with shiitake mushrooms
a delicious Bloomin’ Onion
8000 Calorie Healthy Cheat Day (After 4 Months of No Sugar or Carbs)
Indian Savory cake....Dhokla....from Gujrat
mexiacan - style spicy wrap
Hotteok
Thai-Style Sweet and Spicy Pineapple Salmon with Brown Rice and Broccoli
masala chai &amp; vanilla bean glazed yeasted donuts
Truffled popcorn smothered with Nigel Slater’s Bolognese...
smoked salmon on cornbread with cucumber and freshly ground black pepper.
Blueberry Crumble Sweet Roll
Fried chicken sandwich
Aloo Paratha aka Potato Stuffed Flatbread
chicken and chorizo paella
Cauliflower cream soup with breadcrumbs and freshly cut dill
Grilled Sourdough French Toast, Pickled Blueberries, Three Berry Compote, Reduced Maple Syrup, Egg Casserole Cutouts, Mimosas with Louis Chalvon Grande Réserve Brut, Peppered Applewood Smoked Bacon with Fresh Berries
Sweet parsnip tarte tatin, szechuan pepper, tangerine, camomile
No Knead Cinnamon Raisin Bread
ribeyes
buttermilk brined whole roast chicken!
pupusas for cake day
Sweet teriyaki meatball wraps with slaw
Cheese Pizza Pani puri - An Indian Fusion food , One of the finest dish I tested at my friend's home.
Chocolate Chip Walnut Cookies
chicken mei fun
Crepe
Double cheese burgers
Beef &amp; broccoli stir fry, fried rice
PLEASE SUPPORT MY YOUTUBE CHANNEL!! HAVE BEEN WORKING VERY HARD!!
Chocolate/Banana - low fat yogurt Cake
Spaghetti with pesto cream sauce &amp; grilled chicken
Korean slow-cooked pork (suyuk) with Kimchi and veggies
potatoes au gratin
crispy liege waffle and bacon
Cauliflower Korma / Gobi ka Korma/ Special Vegetarian Recipe
Green Pepper, Onion, and Snap Pea Stir Fry
Buffalo wings, jerk wings, beer batter onion rings
feta, garlic, and basil pasta. It’s a must try.
grilled chicken with arugula and garlic aioli on cauliflower Flatbread.
Chocolate Chip &amp; Skor Cookies
ATLA Sourdough
Roasted goose, goose-fat mashed potatoes, Brussel sprouts, goose gravy, ceaser salad, and arugula-blueberry-goat cheese salad
Egyptian-style bread
Leek and Butternut Squash Soup with a Rustic Garlic Butter Crouton
Korean Chinese Food Dishes - Buchu Chapchae with Steamed Bun and Jajangmyeon
Viral video: Toddler’s reaction to father reading book in different voices wins hearts online - The Indian Express
German Sauerbraten
I was gifted the MLM of baking a while ago, Amish friendship bread. I switched up pudding and used chocolate instead of the traditional vanilla.
Series inspired
Beer Battered Fried Fish, Homegrown Potato Fries, and A Tangy Dijon Coleslaw.
Bomboloni filled with Nutella
toasted coconut cold brew coffee recipes
Sarde in saor &amp; white polenta
Uzbek Plov - lamb rice made with berbere, cumin, saffron and garlic
Pork and Vegetable Dumplings
Euro Deli Restaurant
Spiced apple cake with bourbon syrup and cream cheese frosting and the macarons are an orange-cinnamon buttercream surrounding a dollop of mulled cranberry jelly!
Fried chicken and sauce
Reuben Eggroll
french fries
an apple tarte🍎
soft preztels.
Saint Honore Cakes, in a few different styles.
Vanilla Buttercream Cupcakes
Chinese style , Sweet&amp;Sour Chicken with slightly cooked vegetables.
Arancini made with leftover shrimp risotto
Tahini Cauliflower “steaks,” lentil mashed and roasted green beans!
Self made dumplings
Turkey, with bacon, and cheddar cheese - melted, with honey mustard, and mayonnaise, on white bread, toasted.
Fairy Tree House Cake
Pulled pork eggs Benedict.
Ready to serve !
Fillet Steak with dauphinoise potatoes
Cowboy Ribeye
Chocolate cake with Nutella drizzle!
Chicken Katsu with Tonkatsu Sauce
Nachos
Grilled skirt steak, red peppers, and salt and pepper corn
Base for chicken soup
Croissant with Chocolate Ganache
Let you guess is it Pearl or Dessert, For Watch Video on *YouTube* Food Range With Dar
Red deer loin medallions with roasted asparagus, sweet potato mash and a apple, maple and chipotle sauce
Indian Curry
Filipino Pork Springrolls
Best taco I’ve ever had.
Banh Xeo (vietnamese crispy crepes)
Ribeye, coconut shrimp and loaded bake potatoes
Polenta with roasted cherry tomatoes, pine nuts, pesto and parmesan
chicken with rice, eggs and mayonnaise.
Peach Jalapeno Meatballs
Marmite Baked Chicken Wings
Pan Seared Salmon with honey-ginger sauce
Iced Lemon Loaf
Poached egg and mushrooms on garlic toast
Sunday Chicken Roast
Mexican-style Shakshuka
Lasagna from the supermarket vs homemade lasagna
NY Strip topped with caramelized onion and creamy bourbon pan sauce
french omelet on avo toast
this lasagna recipe. It just tasted like dominos
chicken katsu sando with kewpie on ozosai-pan
lobsters shrimp bake
Bulking Day Lunch
Poached Pear in red wine, served with Vanilla Ice Cream and orange shortbread
Powdered cake donut botes
Ayam Rica Rica Kemangi (Indonesian Spicy Basil Chicken)
beef wellington, demi glace redwine sauce, braised red cabbage, parboiled and pan seared potatoes
po boy shrimp sandwich
Bacon, Maple Sausage, with Feta Cheese and Avocado topped on Eggs w/ Tomato on Spinach and Rye Toast
A colorful Beet Gnocchi with sautéed vegetables. Topped with a Chablis white wine &amp; herbs vinaigrette
Jerk@Nite in DC
chicken &amp; dumplings with vegetables, with not-canned creamy chicken stock (look ma, no cans!)
Fried rice with homemade kimchi and runny yolk fried egg
Roast Beef and Calabrese Salami Ciabatta Sandwich
Arrabbiata Pasta
Roasted chicken thigh dinner
Mexican zucchini boat
corned beef and cabbage with potatoes and carrots
Simple Chicken and Dumplings
Pork Ramen
Beef and bean nachos, fresh salsa, and guacamole
zucchini and corn fritters with grilled halloumi and poached eggs.
thanksgiving dinner
Crowning birthday cake.
oysters!!
Slow braised red wine lamb chops. Bonus points: she said yes! 💍
Mutton Stew
Pizza Dough using a Biga
Pickled red cabbage
granola bowl
Tonkotsu Ramen For The New Year
I made Olive Garden's gnocchi soup!
""Instant Idli in telugu|Idli recipe in telugu|Rawa Idli recipe in telugu|...
some badass tacos. (Asada and carnitas)
Steamed Rice Cake Drizzled with Sweetened Coconut Sauce
Seafood, coconut and ginger rice
Spam, Sausage, Egg Whites, and Cheese on Naan Breakfast Pizza
nutella ferrero rocher mousse cups with Suzy Q 🍩
legit street tacos carne asada, carnitas, al pastor, and lengua
French Crepes
Avocado Burger
Avocado shake - creamy, smooth and filling
Dove breast tacos with onions, pablanos and jalapeño.
Baked Banana Split with Vanilla Ice Cream, Ginger Snap, Whipped Cream, Lavender Honey, Fresh Strawberries, and Peanuts
salmon on spinach with carrot
Ramen, the last meal of 2020
Tater Tot Poutine
chicken and dumplings
Mandi Lamb Shoulder
Mushroom pho
bagels.
Nigella’s Turkish Eggs, flooded.
Al Pastor Burrito with Habanero Hot Sauce
Chocolate cake.....
https://ift.tt/2LPgzke
Fish &amp; Chips
Sunday Roast. Harissa roasted cauliflower, roast potatoes, orange glazed carrots, cavalo nero &amp; onion gravy.
Nhờ khả năng xay giò chả tốt với tỷ lệ giò chả chết ≈ 0%, máy xay giò chả 5kg là thiết bị quan trọng trong dây chuyền sản xuất giò chả. Nếu bạn đang cần tìm loại máy có khả năng xay tốt, phù hợp với quy mô sản xuất vừa ( #máyxaygiòchả5kg #máyxaythịt5kg
Pork and peppers stir fry
I use to hate cooking. Now I absolutely love it! ☀️
Señor Sisig's new food truck is a vegan's guilty pleasure - KABC-TV
Raspberry and White Chocolate Cupcakes with Vanilla Buttercream
Mini deep dish breakfast pizza
nutmeg-cinnamon spiced donuts with a cinnamon-vanilla sugar coating
Morning Fry Up (NOT full English)
Afghan Pumpkin Mantu
delicious burger with sautéed mushrooms
Duck and Scallops
Pretzles
Pumpkin Roll with Cream Cheese filling
S’mores Cookies. The mellows are supposed to be ghosts and the recipe called for tiny mellows. But it’s Spooktober.
rainbow bundt cake.
SHOCKED😱| معكرونة الرعب المصنوعة من مصائد الفئران | Awesome Cooking ASMR
slow roasted pork belly
this red velvet cupcake without frosting.
Spicy chili 🌶
5-day Salt beef with halloumi and mustard mayo
Foccacia with mozzarella, tomatoes and herbs.
Food bank had to ramp up and change its strategies in response to COVID-19 - Pittsburgh Post-Gazette
Shrimp stir-fry
2 year aged parmigiano creme taglierni
spaghetti with meat sauce
Penne with tuna, cooking cream and herbs
Been seeing shakshuka posts lately, thought I’d share my own :-)
donkey milk
Chicken Tortilla soup with homemade tortilla strips
Egg pappardelle with pig cheek (guanciale) Arriabbata (spicy marinara) sauce
Sweden's Disgusting Food Museum
Thin Crust Pepperoni &amp; Mushroom Pizza Well Done
Steak and onion grilled cheese
Chilli, Crab &amp; Cream Linguine
Bolognese
Slow cooker beef curry and puri.
Panna Cotta ❤️
NYE Roast Dinner
Herb Roasted Barramundi
Duck Bacon Eggs Benedict
Buffalo spiced crispy chicken breasts with a Buffalo sauce and honey with broccoli and mashed potatoes
Bulgogi style rice
keto chocolate chip cookies
takeout Jajangmyeon, Jjamppong, and Tangsuyuk
my take on gimbap :3
Fried Cod
mini creme brûlée!
Late Nite Noodles
Jamaican Beef Patties
Chinese green chicken curry
pineapple cake!
Well... shit....
Ribeye steak with Loaded Mashed potatoes
Full English Breakfast Burger
Seared &amp; Baked Chilean Sea Bass sided with Rice and Potatoes — carbs galore
Hokkaido Risotto
14 layer Medovik - Russian Honey Cake
Bbq slow cooked grilled ribs
Cracker appetizers
Salmon, pasta, vegetables and hollandaise sauce (r/dinnersuggestions)
Creamy pumpkin soup
Scampi with chicken and tomatoes.
Oven-roasted chicken tikka / aloo gobi mashup
Cream sauce chicken pasta with broccoli and sun dried tomatoes
Saw this posted as “rare beef” is it just me or the lighting or is that pork? Please help I’m so confused
poke (all day every day) 😋
Thai Restaurant Takeaway Feast
Breakfast burger with fried eggs, 3 types of cheese, tuna chunks and paté, meaty tomato, avocado and some greens
Conchiglie with seared scallops and a fresh San Marzano tomato sauce
Fermented fennel, orange, spicy garlic shrimp, walnut, cubed comté, and jeunes pousses salad
In-N-Out Style Mac N Cheese + Nachos
Buckwheat Pancakes
Powdered cake donut bites
Deep Dish
Larb
SNAP recipients can use food benefits to purchase hot foods, ready-to-eat meals in Texas - KPRC Click2Houston
Pumpkin Bundt cake with Powdered Sugar Sprinkle
Whole-wheat honey boiled everything bagel, stop sleeping on those bread machines friends
Pork Belly and Crackling
Halloumi Flatbreads
Bubble Bass sourdough loaf. Final bake in comments!
Breaded and fried chicken cutlet sandwich w/ garlic mayo, roasted red peppers, red onion, lettuce, tomato, cheddar and crispy bacon.
slutty brownie: cookie dough, Oreos and brownie
Fried Plantain cone filled with chopped steak and rice.
Decorated focaccia bread
Ratatouille
Roasted boneless Leg of Lamb, Rice pilaf with chickpeas, and roasts veggie and garlic
Pepperoni Roll
Pumpkin cake with white chocolate Ganache and cinnamon shortbread
Ham Quesadillas
Cheeseburger: bacon, sweet pickles, caramelized onions, American cheese.
Four seasons landscape company
Pan seared filet with baked potato
baked mac and cheese with jalapeños
Chicken Quesadillas!
Spicy Middle Eastern Beef Bowls
Pozole Rojo
ricotta cheese and spinach
85%lean beef patty with raw onion, nando's tangy mayo and american cheese
South Africa's trailblazing Black food writer dies of virus - Daily Mountain Eagle
Stuffed Baby Bellas
Kluna Tik - Eating Fast Food Made From Fruits ( Pizza, Burger, French Fr...
Anniversary dinner. Sous vide 5 spice duck breast, wasabi mashed potatoes, shiitake, hoisin glaze.
Creamy chicken tortilla soup.
Tuna salad with chickpea, pickles etc
Marble Cake
Best Street Foods in Foshan China
Tonkatsu
buffalo chicken pasta bake
Beef tartare with truffle, crispy potatoes, chilli oil and egg yolk. Ex one star Michelin garnish chef de partie.
HOW TO MAKE NIGERIAN FISH ROLL RECIPE.
blueberry tart
Turkey Swiss Burger
bacon and mushroom pizza
stacks on stacks of blueberry pancakes
scotch fillet steak, truffle butter, cacio e pepe and garlic bread
Beef Sausage Rolls
A purricane.
You should microwave marshmellows
Tuna fish and my own croissants.
Christmas caramel hot chocolate
I like to make weird &amp; interesting food fusion. Here's Boba Milk Tea Rolls (Boba Milk Tea-flavored Cinnamon-Style Rolls)
do you eat egyptian food before ?it's called home made Mulukhiyah
Mexican Casserole in 15min
Julia Child’s roast turkey.
Chipotle marinade /seared ny steak
Christmas cookies!
hot pho
Duck breast, homemade plum &amp; red wine sauce, lemon roast potatoes, tenderstem broccoli &amp; asparagus
Morning Milk Tea
“The Burnout” coffee and avocado toast with prosciutto
air-fried french toast
Bacon, egg, cheddar &amp; cream cheese jalapeño melt
Roasted Carrot Soup
Japanese Vege Ramen
Paneer paratha
Bacon cheese smashburger
apple pie I didn’t do that bad
Neapolitan pizza. Very please with how it turned out.
Crab Fried Rice Topped w/ Tobiko
Avocado toast with egg &amp; sliced tomato
Bloody Mary
Chicken Parm over penne
Chicken Stir-Fry with Ginger and Assorted Veg (Broccoli, Snow peas, Carrots, Onions, Garlic) Served with White Rice
Chicken Wild Rice Soup
UltraTech Cement reports over two-fold jump in Q3 net profit to Rs 1,584.58 crore - Moneycontrol.com
Scotch Quail Eggs
Strawberry and Vanilla Cupcakes!
Fish and Sweet Potato Chips w/Roasted Asparagus!
Sunflower Petal Jelly
breakfast garlic rosemary focaccia 🧄 🍳
peanut butter jelly cookies
crab rangoon
slow smoked beef ribs, broccoli, mashed potatoes and gravy!
Blueberry Dutch Baby
Eggs Benedict. Money shot in the comments.
Pumpkin Puree Recipe for Beginners
Everything and Sesame Bagels
Chicken cutlet, tomatoes &amp; mozzarella on garlic bread
breakfast skillet
Cinnamon rolls, cream cheese icing.
Minted lamb leg steaks, herb baby potatoes, green beans and baby corn with gravy.
Caprese salad with aceto balsamico di Modena
(Homemade) cheesy potato burrito 🌯
I made smoked beef brisket
Fortress cake.
Healthy meals ideas
Pumpkin Pie Milkshake
Sunday Brunch Plate
Grilled Octopus
My very first son has finally arrived 3 hours ago at 12:01pm
Jasmine Rice and Thai Beef Fry
shumai dumplings
Sausage stuffed squash
Creamy mushroom &amp; chicken pasta w/ crispy chicken skin
Jerk chicken and coconut rice
Fried Cheese Curds!
Finally, a soup for me
Even my beef misses holidays :(
Peanutbutter blossoms
double chocolate cupcakes. I am very proud.
Gyozas
Broiled Tomahawk Steak
Outdoor snack set up! 😋
Cao Chè Vằng Đà Nẵng - 100% Thượng Hạng - Vuonnhien.vn
Red Chili Hot Sauce
Jalapeno Cheddar Sourdough, BBQ Tri tip, Roasted Taters, Spinach Salad, and Grilled Asparagus
A Frankenstein roll with some nigiri and seaweed salad. All this for $15
gedza
Cold coffee
I made a nice batch of  cookies
fish cakes
Bliss Balls with hazelnuts crumbs
Blackened Red Drum with Garlic Herb Butter
summer squash bake w/ ground turkey
Food Network’s ‘Worst Cooks In America’ Champion Claims Murdered 3-Year-Old Drowned - Deadline
Fish bun
Spinach Dal Curry Recipe
Honey cake
California Burrito weigh extra red spicy salsa and extra melted cheese, pico de Gallo And Limon.
Gochujang Fried Rice
Confit Eggs. Salt and Vinegar Chips. Toasted Muffins with Slabs of Cultured Butter. Tiptree Gooseberry Preserves. Irish Breakfast Black Tea.
So sánh ưu nhược điểm của chai thuỷ tinh và nhựa
turkey was $0.69 a lb so I made an impromptu thanksgiving dinner
Double-Cooked Oven Fries with Spinach and Artichoke Dip
Bacon Eggs Benedict
Bison sliders
Sirloin Steak, Roasted Potatoes, Grilled Vegetables and Black Pepper Mushroom Sauce
S'moresgasboard
Potato hash in gravy with dipping bread + butter
Beetroot and Coconut curry with a side of Egg Fried Rice
Arroz con Pollo
lobster tails
Full Moon Egg Toast Recipe | Breakfast Idea
Soy-Honey Glazed Chicken Banh Mi Bao Buns
Malt o Meal topped with spooky eggs and fake bacon.
chickpeas soup with parmesan crackle
Sausage Potato Beer Cheese Soup.
Local Deli Sandwich: Pepperjack, Honey Turkey, Lettuce, Tomatoes, Onions.
- sesame chicken, veggie fried rice and stir fried vegetables
dinner  includes; chicken, potatoes, green been casserole, salad, corn, gravy, rolls, and charcuterie board
BBQ beef sandwich
Molten lava cake
Chorizo and roasted bell pepper w/spinach, basil and chorizo mayo on toasted challah
Turkey Club with Tomato Chutney on Focaccia
Italian Chickpea Tomato soup. Filling and delicious without being heavy.
Roast chicken thighs with cauliflower cheese and roast vegetable medley
Halal double cheeseburger with turkey bacon on pretzel bun from Zo's Good Burger in Detroit, MI
Grandmas rum raisin soda bread
Bienenstich (bee sting cake)
My attempt at duplicating Montreal Smoked Meat with Hot Potato and Bacon Salad.
Might have been my best
Can you ever go wrong with cheese and wine? Our charcuterie attempt
Instant noodle soup with chicken-ish flavoring.
Spatchcock Chicken with Herbed Schmatz Butter Root Vegetables
Boiled pork, prawn and chive dumplings. Lao Gan Ma crispy chilli sauce n ginger, red vinegar &amp; sesame oil dipping sauce on the side
Smoked Salmon
Duck confit with duck fat roasted potatoes and broccolini.
ice cream
garlic chicken with rice
Sailboat cake for my son’s 7th bday. Grandma sure loves that boy! Gluten Free and Vegan and chocolatey delicious. You would never know.
Sirloin steak on a bed on onions with broccoli and minted potatoes. Steak cooked on a sizzling skillet.
pan seared scallops with a lemon garlic pan sauce, on a bed of sauteed spinach and garlic herb jasmine rice
Matar masala-Green Pea Curry
Shrimp cocktail Mexican style
Mango upside-down cake
Minced pork udon soup
Rigatoni with Bourbon Creme
Thai Ginger Chicken w/ Mango Sticky Rice. My man’s fav.
Stuffed pork tenderloin
Cheddar Gouda Mac and Cheese with Buffalo sauce
Egg Rolls
Apple Crumble
snowman cookies
King crab legs and filet mignon
ravioli, sauce, jalapeño &amp; cheddar sourdough, and butter
Banana Chocolate Chip Waffles with Brown Sugar Banana Pecan Topping (Funky Monkey Waffles):)
pulled chicken burger with homemade wedges but with my terrible coleslaw as I lost my peeler
pistachio biscotti
Sesame crusted Tuns steak and southwestern salad
Scrambled egg, sautéed mushroom with bell pepper and sweet potato (Pre-workout meal)
poached eggs on white bloomer with avocado, chilli flakes and spring onion
Sourdough Grilled Cheese &amp; Tomato Basil Soup
Wagyu Steak
Rotis with Pakodi Kadi (Gram flour, yogurt based sauce and deep fried pakodas)
pork and mushroom pot pie with garlic mozzarella biscuits as the crust.
Angus beef Wellingtong.
Honey miso glazed salmon with mash and wilted spinach
Ricotta on wheat toast with apples, honey, and salt
egg bread ""
Beef Tinola
Air Fryer Hasselback Potatoes
skirt steak fajitas
I see your home made spaghetti and give you  tagliolini! Drying on a 3D printed drying rack!
Portobello stuffed with ricotta, mozzarella and beef then parmesian-garlic butter breaded and topped with marinara.
Bacon, American cheese, peppers, and onions omelette with (slightly burnt) toast and hashbrowns
Carne Asada Pizza
My daughter just made  turkey dinner &amp; I’m so proud of her!!
Linguine With Clams
Christmas Eve Meats,Cheeses &amp; Apps
Lebanese Baklawa
Moroccan Couscous
sous vide ribeye steaks.
Avocado Toast with roasted chickpeas
Vegetable Beef Soup
Everything and Asiago Bagels
Yellow Curry Rice with Beef
Blackened chicken, bayou seafood pasta, primavera, potatoes and green beans
Gnocci napolitana
Simple Nachos
prime rib (rare) baked mac and cheese and Artichoke.
Boeuf Bourguignon w/ Mashed Potatoes &amp; Bacon Garlic Mushrooms
Chicken Salad Wraps and Cheeseburger Wraps with Panko Breaded Cauliflower and Sweet Pepper Cream Cheese Bites.
Sourdough Extra Petite
Dutch Oven unboxing and Giveaway!!
traditional japanese osechi
blueberry pecan pancakes with bourbon soaked pecan and salted maple butter
- Cherry wood smoked salmon &amp; beetroot pasta w/ dill and feta.!
homemade custom sushi by mom
Penne alla vodka
Baked Salmon with Rice Pilaf, Sweet Butter Corn, and Pan Roasted Broccoli
Tonkotsu Ramen
Dark chocolate mousse with chocolate shards, fresh and dried raspberries and a salted hazelnut caramel topping garnished with lemon balm
roasted vegetables dish
Banana pudding with strawberries
lamb kebab with rice and salad .
Buffalo Chicken Wings
Braised beef short rib udon ramen
Best salad I’ve ever had, and a smoothie ☺️
Delicious..
#PapaBearBakery made this gorgeous vanilla sponge cake with vanilla buttercream icing.
BBQ Pork Loin
Jurassic Park sugar cookies
I decided to try my hand at poached eggs. How’d I do
Upside down pizza with sausage, onion &amp; ricotta
Hassleback/Au Gratin Hybrid
Raising some Pizzadough. 6h in. 6h to go. Already looking like a monstrosity! :droll:
bbq chicken pizza, garlic butter crust
New York style everything bagels with carrot lox
Bean &amp; mushroom patty burger with homemade brioche bun
Vegan Sushi
Preserved Nectarines
: TBLT with Oven Roasted Red Potatoes and a side of Blueberries.
Cured bacon, sausage, buckwheat bun and vegetable soup
Brioche with Bourbon Apples &amp; Pears (Infused with Chem Dawg Brown Butter)
Rosanna Pansino's Salted Caramel Apple Cider w/ Angel Wing Sugar Cookies
Macaroni salad can’t stop eating I’m obese
pie day chicken pot pies
Chicken tikka wings, and raita dip.
My Croque Monsieurs are almost done!
tater tot casserole.
Vietnamese Lemongrass chicken
naan bread with tomato sauce cheese and chilli flakes it was delicious
breakfast burrito eggs, ham, tomato, spinach and cheese from eggsellent in South philly
Asian Glazed Seabass with Black Rice and Spinach
Grill Fish Recipe | Simple and Delicious | How to cooking food on a rock | ""
Happy National Cherry Pie Day! Mmmmm PIE!! Yum yum yum! What is your favorite kind of pie?? 😋🥧😋🥧 #NationalCherryPieDay
Mac N Cheese, made with smoked bacon, tomatoes, garlic, thyme and Worcestershire sauce. Topped with a thyme crumb.
Indian Style food recipes. follow in Instagram to get more information about Food. Instagram link in comments.
Zombie Cake
Cheeseburger with Tomatoes and lettuce.
Ranch Dip
Grilled Cheese and Tomato Soup
Tortelli di zucca fatti a mano
Spicy Chicken Penne
Quinoa Stuffed Pumpkin
pasta aglio e olio with chillies
Scallop &amp; shrimp spaghetti

I made a"" food very tasty I am only 14 years I want u to subscribe so as years goes by I can use the money given by youtube for my higher studies thank you
Carbonara with black truffle
Tonkotsu Chashu Ramen
Ensalada de hortalizas con aliño de balsámico y sirope de agave
Cheese Garlic Bread
Fried Wisconsin cheese curds
Cream Cheese, Pineapple, Black Olive and Pepperoni Pizza
a small mountain of spicy Sichuan goodness
Pan-seared pork chops with pan sauce, stewed collard and mustard greens, black-eyes peas, and buttermilk cornbread.
Pearl Black Rice Sourdough
Rice &amp; Seekh Kebab
30lbs Western Burger
bun ga nuong (lemongrass chicken vermicelli bowl)
sweep-the-fridge pasta alla norma
Fettuccine Alfredo with salmon
beer chicken
Now THATS a smash burger, folks. Onion rings, American cheese, pickles, Mayo, mustard, two 3oz patties.
- Peanut Butter Chocolate Mousse Cake!
Mexican-inspired Roast Chicken Breast with Roasted Vegetables on Cilantro Rice Pilaf
Crispy Skin Salmon with Fig and Roated Pumpkin Salad
Cuban
Bacon and egg burger with tortilla chips
Nasi goreng noodles and sunniesup for brunch!
Thai-style whole fried fish
Beef burger + sweet potato fries in a GF bun
Dinner last night
smoked tomahawk
Shoyu Ramen With chicken &amp; duck broth
Viral video of 'skinny' giant panda in a US zoo ignites calls for its return to China - Global Times
Hot smoked mackerel
Coconut macaroons, caramel flan and corned beef and corn.
White fish with bluer blanc
lobster bolognese
delicious poutines
chicky tendies with spinach, tomato, and honey must-haves
Chana masala (chickpea curry) with naan
Tostadas Supremo with Pork, topped with Poblano, Lime Crema &amp; Pico de Gallo (Hello Fresh)
Baby baguette
Ox Tongue and Chicken Tacos
Afiyet olsun
pizza with pumpkin, sheep's cheese, bacon.
Pumpkin and cashew curry with roti, roast pumpkin and coconut rice
Split pea with ham and a chop salad...and Lucille!!
char siu bao, sesame chicken with veg, and rice!
Chickpea Spinach Coconut Curry!
hot and sour soup!
brunch: refried beans, scrambled eggs, roasted potatoes, avocado, cheese &amp; baguette
Strawberry Mint Lavacake with chocolate soil
Chicken &amp; Mushroom Pie with Chunky Chips
Corn soup with chilli oil and chorizo bits
Russian bliny
Khao Piak Sen (Lao Chicken Noodle Soup)
My attempt at homemade Margherita pizza + dough
elk stew with blue cheese sauce and root veggies in oven
Turkey Fillet Steak Rolls with Bacon &amp; Camembert Cheese
creamed spinach
Cách làm Ếch chiên nước mắm món ngon tốn rượu
Vegetarian Sweet Potato &amp; Black Bean Taco, topped with Citrus Cilantro Crema
gameday Mac &amp; cheese
Korean Rice Cakes, Mochi, Daifuku, and Tea
chicken tenders
Seared Scallop Picked Red Onion Iberico Ham
Dry Rub Spicy Chicken Wings
Fruit cups
Sesame Soy Fried Tofu
I have these Tyson chicken strips and a lot of them have black spots on them and I’m wondering what they are?
Pumpkin Cream Cheese Truffles
Baked mac and cheese!
Today I am sharing a delicious and easy Apple Cake very delicious. This APPLE CAKE is so fluffy with many delicious apples and I guarantee you that fluffier cake than this is not possible.
Rib rub chicken and spicy green beans
Smoked Duck Breast Ramen
Crusty French Bread
i finished 10 of these cute puffs. How many can you eat? Let me know.
2-Day Marinated pork roast, (Mushroom, Onion, Garlic, Potato) puree, and gravy.
Chakhchoukha , a traditional mediterranean dish , done with extra thin semolina bread torn in small pieces, and tomato sauce
Spaghetti and Sausage Meatballs
Bahn Mi Turkey Dog
Vegetarian Congee with toppings
Crunchy Minced Garlic Butter Toast Using Regular Sliced White Bread
Tomato Chicken and Chickpea Curry over Rice and Garlic Naan
kabab koobideh
Deep fried an entire leg of lamb.
Full list of Trump's last-minute pardons and commuted sentences - NBC News
Avocado Breakfast Platter
Turkey Chili Potato Nachos
Spanish Potatoes, Patatas Bravas
Mushroom &amp; Chorizo Tortellini in a tomato and garlic sauce
Two kinds of salami, Mozz, Capers and fresh mozzarella; electric oven on pizza stone
Kenji’s chicken and chickpea burger with apple slaw and ‘pulled’ BBQ jackfruit.
Caramel Pudding.
Double cheese burger with bacon
simple tomato salad v2
Don't cook steak much at all but these turned out perfect
Choridogos Hawaianos / 🌭 Chorizo and 🍍
Fruit Flan
Deer roast with potatoes, carrots and gravy.
Custard and Jelly Layers
Smoked Chicken
Potato &amp; leek Soup
Vegetable Carving
I  Smash Burgers
Weight Loss Naturally Without Visiting Hospital
Cinnamon Rolls with Cream Cheese Frosting
Wild Boar with wild mushrooms, lingonberries, and mashed potatoes.
Wagyu Tri-Tip
Ravioli with blue cheese, pumpkin and hazelnuts
apple pie, sourdough loaf and marshmallows
14 Hour Smoked Brisket
Ram-don from Parasite
Home fries in a jalapeño infused oil with peppers onions tomatoes
Pistachio and Cookie Ice Cream
Salami and cheese on spicy french toast
Burger with roasted veggies and potatoes
Eggs Benedict &amp; Eggs Florentine
Italian Sausage
Six-strand braided challah
Don’t pop the can, man!  soft butter crescent rolls
lamb roast dinner. Lamb roasted with mint, roasted potatoes, honey parsnips and carrots, butter peas, stuffing, sausage meatball and Yorkshire pudding
The only  unbroken omelette I’ve ever made 😊
Easy Keto Brownies Recipe | Almond Flour | Low Carb
Birthday Party Oreos. (Sprinkles and a sweeter taste.)
breaded pork chop
my epic cheeseburger I'm very proud of
Pita and Falafel Plate
Stuffed Salmon, Scalloped Potatoes, and Green Beans
classic American Italian papardelle bolognese with Caesar salad and bruschetta
Honey Walnut Chicken
Raffaello Cheescake
Kimchijeon (Kimchi Pancake)
Japanese Maguro Sashimi, Tempura, Yakitori
Oven baked potatoes and sausages
Halloween Cupcakes
Black garlic. It’s certainly not an “instant gratification” type preparation.
Miso Pork Belly with Udon Noodles
Sea Scallops and Mushroom Risotto
turkey sandwich
Schniztel and Kartoffelpuffer
Gogi Bowl
Fresh Fig Pizza
New no bake recipe
Apple Cabbage stew with Pork skewers and baked Truffle Fries
a plate full of Korean dish
Kielbasa and Pierogis
Chocolate Terrine Recipe
I thought this belong here
A delicious assortment of noodles and dumplings from Flushing
Eye Fillet With Pickled Veg
Pot roast stuffed jumbo shells with marinara and mozzarella
Cream cheese stuffed French toast with a fresh strawberry glaze I  this morning.
CHICKEN AND BROCCOLI QUICHE
persian love cake
Texas Caviar
Kielbasa and Cabbage Stir Fry
Gluten-free cinnamon buns with cream cheese frosting
Chargrilled Oysters
I’ve realized this is how Picasso began his abstract self portrait phase.  bacon, everything bagel w/everything seasoning and eggs w/ Cholula.
Creamy Chicken Marsala
Al Pastor Taco
Achari Chicken Curry By Kudrat Kart
fried smoked gammon steaks, with butter fried eggs
HOW TO MAKE NIGERIAN SINASIR RECIPE.
Brazilian bacon cheese bread
Bread with some Sun flower seeds
Monster Cinnamon Bun
Fried Malabar Spinach with Chick Pea Flour Batter -  #GOVEGAN
King Cake!
burgers with French fries, asparagus, and a spinach tart
French toast made with homemade Hokkaido bread, pure maple syrup, crème Chantilly, &amp; berries!
oxtail soup
Porchetta what else do you need to know
Grilled Havanese Pork Loin
Vanilla ice cream with brownie chunks, fudge ripple, and toasted hazelnuts.
Chocolate Babka
Roasted Poblano and Pineapple Salsa
Prime Rib
Fresh made Kimchi!
BBQ.
Onion fritters with cranberry chutney
Cheddar Scallion Buttermilk Biscuits
milk
Source: Tom Brady to make $500,000 in incentives if Tampa Bay Buccaneers win Super Bowl - ESPN
Grilled chicken burger
Fettuccine and Chicken in a Marsala Mushroom Cream Sauce topped with Freshly Grated Parmesan, Fresh Cracked Black Pepper, and Parsley.
french almond macarons
Nice sergeant
Greek honey drenched dumplings with crushed walnuts and cinnamon
Smoothie Bowl
I'm trying to release a new video every week this year. This week's was my mom's delicious chicken curry. Enjoy!
Beef and Chicken Adobo
Philly cheesesteak before assembly
Strawberry Crumb Bars
Miso chicken Ramen
Fish-Potato Pie
Bạn có biết: Mất bao lâu để rác thải nhựa phân huỷ chưa?
(Homemade) Ratatouille
Mud bug broil
Power outages, storms slow vaccine rollout at 2k sites
Traditional Spaghetti Bolognese
Smoking some ribs!
Barcelona play with an extra man with Lionel Messi, says Rafa Mir - Barca Blaugranes
Lobster Bisque from Salty’s Lobster Shack in Vancouver
Cheesecake!
chicken fried rice
my dad’s specialty mutton biryani and eggplant curry
Ham and swiss sandwich on homemade beer bread, with lettuce, onions, and spicy mustard
Cajun style movie theater popcorn
Lockdown tapas takeaway
Chicken karaage
Spinach and Cream Shakshuka
Moka cake
Spaghetti and meat sauce featuring carrots
chestnut beef Wellington
While attempting to make Christmas dinner for the family in a house where everyone has an opinion and wants to mess with dishes in progress I’m reminded of an old favorite
Grazing box
Trending tortilla wrap hack
Beignets
Steak &amp; Potatoes with gravy
S’mores cake
Lobster Rolls
Pumpkin gnocchi in a tomato and pumpkin sauce and chicken baked in hoisin sauce.
Fried green tomato slider
Homemade sushi and cold sake
Extraordinary cakes made at local bakery. Pistachio with lemon cream, blackberry stuffed with vanilla panna cotta, almond covered cake with sweet and surprisingly crunchy fig stuffing, classic Polish cream-cake and chestnut chocolate with truffle-like creamy inside.
Pizza sauce &amp; mozerella cheese on tortilla
Christmas Sugar Cookies
Tater Tot Surprise
Mini spring rolls, nai bok choy, grouper, golden garlic fried rice, brownie
Maple Pecan Skillet Blondie
Red braised pork belly for Lunar New Year last week
Tomatensuppe mit Croûtons (vegetarisch)
Chicken &amp; Beef Bacon Wrap
I ate a  Double smash burger with NY Cheddar made by yours truly.
Korean Salmon (with brussels sprouts and green onions)
Apple Crisp
Spinach, artichoke, cream cheese &amp; bacon stuffed chicken breast
Cranberry curd tart
Peanut Butter Curry | Vegan Thai Peanut Curry
Chocolate Kodak Cakes and Vanilla Ice Cream
Stuffed zucchini with garden fresh zucchini and tomatoes.
Buffalo Bills themed cookie bar
Annual Holiday Chex Mix
HOLLANDAISE
A heart-shaped challah.
spinach bacon quiche
Spicy Korean Ramen
“” potato soup
Mint Chocolate Chip Ice Cream
Seasoned Cod with a sauterne, tomato &amp; basil sauce over brown rice. Cheesy broccoli &amp; a homemade dill &amp; old bay dinner roll🤤
Cuy in Cusco today for lunch. Actually delicious!
Carne Asada quesadilla with Oaxaca cheese and a chipotle cilantro chimichurri with Cholula hot sauce.
Deconstructed Pot Roast.
Seafood Paella along the seaside in Barcelona.
Pulled Pork Sandwich
cold soba noodles with air fried acorn squash, sliced cucumbers, sliced seaweed strips, and sesame seeds.
white truffle stuffed calzone
Korean fried chicken sandwich with tangy gochujang sauce and kimchi slaw
Coffee Banana Oatmeal Porridge
Nigella’s Turkish Eggs
Turkey Breast Taco with cranberry chili jam
Hong Kong-style French Toast!
Braised Coca-Cola Chicken Wings
a homemade chili-cheeseburger
Gà Nướng Sả (Grilled Lemongrass Chicken)
Smoked rib roast, gouda, brussel sprout and onion with horse raddish bbq sauce
Redkite Solicitors - with you every step of the way
Cracked two eggs, got five yolks. 😮
Chicken Provençal
Gluten free Oreo Cheesecake
Tomato bisque and grilled cheese
Galette. Dijon mustard, goat cheese, Italian sausage, garlic, caramelized onions, and mushrooms
Rump steak with pineapple red Thai curry
Tuscan chicken with chorizo and white beans
Macaroni and candied yams
Extra cheesy Beef Burger
Naruto Cosplayer Takes on TikTok with Viral Video - ComicBook.com
Spicy Beef Bulgogi, Pork Belly, Ramen, Szechuan base, Bok Choy, sweet potatos and Kimchi
Jamaican spiced beef and pumpkin meat patties
Chocolate Lava Cake with Vanilla Ice Cream
My mom and I made chocolate cupcakes with peanut butter frosting and chocolate ganache :)
Indiano pizza
Smoked Beef Topside
Birria de res with arroz blanco
The DHOKLA 😬
Garlic Bread
Homemade Hungarian Langos! A lot of people I’ve mentioned this food to aren’t aware of it, but this dish seems like it would fit in perfectly with American tastes. This version is a Mexican twist, with garlic, sour cream, onions, Chihuahua cheese, and Chorizo!
Slow roasted leg of lamb, the 5-hour journey has ended
Roasted potatoes
Nasi Goreng
Chocolate block with biscuits
Mom's Mango Pickles
- Lahori Chargha (deep fried chicken).
Thai Curry Ramen
does this turkey sausage look raw? I ate half of it before noticing, should I go throw up?
pretzel wrapped hotdogs.
Mozzarella Chicken and waffles, and Pulled Buffalo Chicken Sliders
Oklahoma onion burger &amp; chips
Mushroom, garlic, and parmesan risotto with sauteed butter shrimp.
Dessert from last night.
High Protein Food - Here is a list of the best protein-rich foods
Penne alla Vodka
chicken Soup
Berkshire pork chop with farmers market crops
Won a gift card for a local restaurant,  a King Size Prime Rib!
Hot beverage themed sugar cookies
Four Alarm Chicken Sandwich
chirashi sushi, wakame, baby squid, pork belly and miso glazed black cod
cabbage rolls stuffed with rice onions and carrots
Cheddar biscuits with impossible beef and onion gravy and a couple of over easy eggs
Roasted cherry tomato, mushroom, chicken, rocket penne sprinkled with Parmesan
Avocado toast with egg
Finishing Touches in Mom's Paella
Uncheesy nachos
Ham, egg, and chips in a fresh baguette
chocolate cake with caramel buttercream
tacos mariscos with carne Asada

Buffalo chicken mac n’ cheese
Cinnamonrolls with two frog meringues
doubletree cookies 🍪
Christmas pretzel rolos
Kakiage tempura udon for lunch
breakfast burrito taco bell style
Kluna Tik eating AMONG US and ANNOYING ORANGE - ASMR Comiedo mukbang foo...
The impact of COVID-19 on fisheries and aquaculture food systems : Possible responses - Information paper, November 2020 - World - ReliefWeb
goat tajine with argan oil
chicken pot pie again
chicken and humus and spanakopita And quinoa
Chicken Sandwich
Inspired by this sub, I made steak birria tacos! I'm beside myself how well they've turned out!
sashimi
White chocolate banana bread
Pigs in blankets carbonara
Fluffy thick pancake.
Chicken, broccoli and mushroom pie. Comfort food :)
Ethiopian food. Injera with very tasty selection of meat, vegetable stews and boiled eggs
Prstići (breadsticks)
Detroit-Style Pepperoni Pizza - Better Than A New York Slice?
Vegetable Tofu Sping Rolls
Gyros over rice w/ hummus and Greek salad.
tarte
Homemade Italian Recipe Parmesan celery
'The Indian Chick' burger
4 filet mignon and one prime tender loin sous vide and finished on the grill basted in herb butter
Pork Rib Barbecue
Chocolate cake with blackberry compote and candied walnuts.
Blackened Scallops with Fettuccine Alfredo
berbere brown butter carrots and rice
Edible Gold🇮🇹 homemade tortellini w/sausage &amp; ricotta filling.
Crispy Chicken Fried Rice
cake pops
Potatoes, Avocado, Eggs, Mushrooms and Beef
Baked Seer wish in butter garlic sauce with veggies bowl!
Braised Chickenleg with Creamy Risolli and Parsley Pesto
Peanutbutter and chocolate macaron
hibachi
Chocolate Brownie
Christmas dinner by me and my twin. I think she nailed the cornish hen!
Shrimp bisque in a bread bowl
Biryani
Officer shot and wounded outside South Side police station, authorities say - Chicago Tribune
Cornish Game Hen
Aterrorizante com um BOLO COBERTO DE CHOCOLATE feito de DENTES HUMANOS -...
red lentil curry soup
Cinnamon apple mini galettes
smoked spatchcock chicken
Viral Video: Ranveer Singh gives gajar ka halwa twist to 'Pawri Ho Rahi Hai' - DNA India
*chef’s kiss*
War Won Ton soup w/bok choy..on a rainy day.
Gua bao
Venezuelan Bollitos
Spicy Korean Seafood Noodle Soup Jjamppong
3 Things You Need To Know About Extra Virgin Avocado Oil!
14lb, 18" Chicago style stuffed deep dish pizza
Curry Beef Udon
Japanese Beef Curry
Bacon Double Cheeseburger
Steak and veg with Mac n cheese for my rat buds tonight.
CARAMEL SAUCE OR TOFFEE WITHOUT CREAM
French "croque-monsieur"
Not a pretty picture like many of the pictures here but big up to mama for making biryani with minced meat and pakoras with potato filling even though she is not 100%
black garlic ramen🍜
Brioche Rabanadas with homemade strawberry confit
Turkish flatbread Bazlama
DALGONA COFFEE
challah and challah flower
Homemade Wings, blue cheese and spicy ranch. Fries were frozen.
Apple Strudel &amp; Pumpkin Pancakes in Mexico
Roasted Chicken With Herb Sauce
SHOCKED | Eating SIREN HEAD French Fries | ASMR Comiedo/Kluna Tik eating...
Jeff Bezos To Step Down As CEO Of Amazon This Year - NDTV
Is the plating ok
- Chicken bacon ranch sliders
Shrimp Stir Fry!!! It was SO good!
Bœuf Bourguignon
Grilled lamb chops in a ceramic egg.
Tortellini en Brodo.
Pico de Gallo, Fried Plantains, Black Beans &amp; Jasmine Rice
early morning gingerbread people
a box of Hokkaido Uni i purchased from a temporarily closed local sushi restaurant.
Christmas Breakfast for the Family!
Pumpkin spice waffles.
this was so good.
Domininican stewed goat, boiled plantains, pickled red onion.
New York Cheesecake w/lemon zest and sour cream topping
Dutch baby pancakes
Crunchy fried chicken. Click the link below to hear the crunch.
Shrimp tomato Noodles
Cheeseburgers on Grilled Buns w/Lettuce, Tomato, Onion and A1. Side of Dark Russet Chips.
Upgraded Jerk Chicken Leftover Platter
Pide with cucumber and sour cream
3 butter pecan cheesecakes ( before being boxed)
My own rendition of the “Daft Punk” zza that I saw - Goat cheese, mozzarella, honey and red pepper flakes.
chicken fajita spaghetti
Sushi box of rolls
pan fried pork and chive dumplings with dumpling sauce
Ramen egg.
This near perfect marshmallow I got. Tastes just as good as it looks(this is my beginning post here)
bdmenemen
ISL 2020-21: Mumbai City FC's Amey Ranawade 'Stable and Under Observation' - News18
Al Pastor tacos with homemade Salsa Verde, Pineapple, Onion, Cilantro
Butter chicken with sweet potato, celeriac, biriyani rice, roasted chickpeas and flatbread.
mini apple pies!
Coffee cake, topped with toasted walnuts
Made filet mignon with sweet green beans and duchess potatoes for Valentine’s Day
general tso's chicken
Outside view of yesterday’s peanut butter and chocolate chip cheesecake with orea crust and reese’s cup topping.
Korean Fried Chicken Wings
Chicken Caesar Salad for dinner
Piccadillo and Elbow Pasta
I've finally perfected my Chicken Fried Rice recipe!
sushi and steak
attempt kfc style fried chicken .
Pistachio white chocolate mousse cake with cloudberry jam
A ribeye, sauteed shitake mushrooms, and rosemary diamante toast.
Mango French Toast
I Æbleskiver'd an egg
islere! Romanian walnut cookies with chocolate glaze
-Fried crab flavoured Lays. Asia got some dope chip flavours
Fresh Olive Loaf &amp; Short Ribs Fritatta
fusilli
Lemon pepper chicken tender frenzy  in an improvised Dutch oven deep fryer.
Baked salmon topped with toasted breadcrumbs and a mustard/mayonnaise glaze on a bed of rice.
Satay Chicken
Piccata Chicken. Organic Chicken Scallopini, Fresh Lemon, Capers, and Button Mushrooms w Thyme, Garlic and Oregano
flan I made
English Sunday Roast, feat. Roast beef.
Kimchi Fries
Prime Rib
Double Smash Burger with Avocado
ham, egg and cheese bagel with salsa
amateur sushi
My daughter in laws Michigan Van Gogh cookies.
Dry aging Black Angus ribeyes. Followup in 30 days.
I made a chocolate lemon cookie cake ❤️🌸✨
GUMBOOOO!!
Video Viral: 3-year-old girl survives after falling from 12th floor in Vietnam - ABP Live
Veggie Pizza Recipe
Club Sandwich
Pulled pork and Mac and Cheese Crunchwraps
TACOS.
Seared Scallop with Ginger Coconut Corn Sauce
Cheeseburger Cheeseburger on Toasted Brioche Bun
Brownies and milk
Smoked Ribs &amp; Smashed Potatoes
Spanish Rice!
Chocolate Chip Pancakes
Hasselback Potatoes on Traeger Pellet Grill Quick and Easy
Passion mousse cake w/ mirror glaze
Filet with roasted garlic &amp; pan seared salmon over crispy shaved Brussels
Oyakodon (chicken &amp; egg)
Pistachio crusted sirloin with red wine cherry sauce, and caprese skewers. “”
Paris Brest. French Choux Pastry clobbered with Hazelnut Praline Cream
Wanna Make Passive Monthly Income with Amazon? Create Your Free Amazon Business Account Now!
Chicken Potstickers
Creamy Pesto Chicken Pasta
Tandoori shrimp and sausages, mashed potatoes, dhania chutney, raita
Lasagna w/ bolognese sauce
oh we doing french omelettes now?
Turkey Pot Pies
Mum nails the mince pies every Christmas.
This is food related so I thought I'll share lol
Crispy Brussels Sprouts with Pancetta, pickled red onions, chipotle aioli, and cojita cheese
Tomato Basil Risotto
Moraba 'ye Beh (Quince Jam)
Grilled Cajun Wings (Dry Rub)
Chocolate cake - “” 🍫🍰
Chicken topped with spinach and ricotta, wrapped in prosciutto, with broccolini and cheesy baguette on the side.
Meatless loaf with mashed potatoes and gravy!
Texas BBQ.
Chicken Caesar wrap
lemmon posset
Turkey Taco Salad
Gnochi Mac and Cheese
broccoli gruyere and chorizo risotto
Raviolis stuffed with pancetta, ricotta and spinach
I made chicken burgers, don’t look great but the taste was good
Tachin joojeh
Como fazer bolo de caneca de microondas
1.25 lbs Maine lobster, snow crab legs, 10 gulf shrimp, corn on the cob, and cole slaw.
Charcoal grilled pork tenderloin tacos 🌮🤤🔥
Ribs with homemade Memphis Sweet BBQ sauce
Got a Sous Vide for Xmas
Udon noodles
minestrone
Rabbit Stew with fingerling potatoes, pearl onions and vegetables.
beef, bean and cheese chimichangas on homemade flour tortillas.
Chocolate and vanilla entremet cake.
Fresh Soybean Tofu
LIC IPO: Up to 10% of issue size to be reserved for policyholders - Mint
snowskin mooncake three ways: matcha, rose, earl grey lavender
pork chops (my plating needs work)
Indian Railway Finance Corporation to launch IPO on January 18
Forest guard bids tearful goodbye to dead elephant, Watch the viral video - Asianet Newsable
Tacos Supreme with Pintos and Cheese
Pistachio and vanilla cookie cake filled with mango curd
Hefezopf
Sourdough boule
Pot Roast Grilled Cheese
Swedish cardamom buns
Buffalo wings, air fryer style.
Hawaiian Loco Moco
broccoli cheddar soup with potatoes I made a couple weeks ago with my best friend. We made it with a vegetable stock instead of chicken and used pepper jack cheese instead of cheddar to give it a little kick.
Pasta salad
Fruity Pebbles Marshmallow Treats
sour cabbage rolls and my nalysnyky attempt :)
Crispy Calamari
Trump Sued For US Capitol Attack Under 19th Century "Ku Klux Klan Act" - NDTV
a Hawaiian combo plate
12hr Pho
Caramel corn
Argentinian Food Today!
"Milk &amp; Honey" White Chocolate Bavarois, Milk Icecream &amp; Textures of Honey.
French toast casserole w/ praline topping
A Midnight Sandwich Snack (Secret Ingredient)
Chocolate Covered Strawberries
Shoyu based chicken ramen
ratatouille on a bed of polenta
Pulled pork burgers with sweet potato fries
- Braised some short ribs with my new dutch oven
Goulash
Galaktoboureko with syrup
Indian Snacks and Sweets are now available in USA
Been practicing my steak game, and I finally made one I can be proud of.
chicken &amp; beef halal platter
Chotpoti
two smashed patties, American cheese, onion rings, sliced onions and BBQ sauce on grilled sourdough
steak with mushroom sauce and crispy chips
Soba with tempura prawns (in celebration of New Year's eve Japanese style)
Marinated chickpeas
Chipotle chicken burrito bowl
carbonara!
Cực LẠ MẮT Với Món BÒ HẦM KHOAI TÂY Từ Đồ Mùa Đông | Thánh Nấu Ăn ASMR S...
I’m addicted to lemonade. I drink 2/3 of a container of simply lemonade a day.
Pasta with red hot sauce with guanciale and Gnocchi with Gorgonzola - Mozzarella sauce
Peppers and cherry tomatoes from the garden, asparagus, and eggs from our ladies. Scrambled up and covered in pepper jack cheese.
300g Riverdale scotch fillet, medium rare
Mother's Day afternoon tea
Steak and salad. Basics for me.🙂🐄
(I ate) some  garlic bread today! Im really proud of this one, even if it looks kinda dry tbh
chicken BOO!dle soup
Za’atar Crust Lamb, Harissa Cauliflower, Cilantro Oil, Red Wine Demi and Spiced Pistachio Dust
T-Bone 125f
pork fried rice
Buttermilk fried chicken sandwich with jalapeno coleslaw on a brioche roll.
Penne alla vodka pizza.
Chicken with Gorgonzola Alfredo sauce with mushrooms and spinach and penne pasta.
Finnish blueberry pie
Wild boar, parmesan potatoes, pepper sauce and chanterelles
shortbread cookie dunkers with buttercream and ganache
Orange Chicken''Should Be Banned For Life'': Mike Hussey, Shane Warne Condemn Racial Abuse At SCG - NDTV Sports
Brunch with a friend
Roasted Lamb Leg
Chicken with Buckwheat
We had Goulash today
Chicken Dum Biryani
cheesy garlic dinner rolls
Pickled Onions Hope you enjoy!
nacho cheese
roast beast.
a Holiday Bento (sushi, sashimi, crab claw, miso duck breast, prawns, unagi, AAA filet mignon, Atlantic lobster tail, grilled tako, veggies and ginger cardamom cheesecake)
Smoked Ribeyes, Lyonnaise Potatoes, and Spinach Salad
Loaded pork rinds
Beautiful roast potatoes.
Open fire rotisserie turkey
Donut cake
Slow cooked baby back ribs over kale, arugula and cabbage slaw.
A Culver's Double Deluxe Butterburger
Saturn, Jupiter, And Mercury Come Together For Rare Appearance This Weekend - TravelAwaits
Beef and Broccoli Lo Mein
Eggplant Potato Pepper Coconut Fry|వంకాయ బంగాల దుంప వేపుడు
Pork chops with apples and mustard, with white wine mac and cheese.
Milky Cheese Bread
Improv spicy snack mix
Rafaello and raspberry cake: almond cake, filled with a coconut and white chocolate ganache + homemade raspberry coulis.
Chorizo and nopal pizza
Creamy Roasted Pumpkin Soup Recipe (Vegan)
Reuben Nachos from Celtic Tavern (Conyers,GA)
Very happy with my  mushroom sauce! Gradually getting better at cooking..
Spice cake filled with pears poached in mulled wine and wrapped in a caramel buttercream
Nanaimo bars
BBQ Bison Meatloaf with Spinach and Mashed Red PotatoesBBQ Bison Meatloaf with Spinach and Mashed Red Potatoes
Pretzels
Typical indian combo of paneer lababdaar and laccha paratha with loads of butter.
Thánh Nấy Ăn Đụng Độ RẮN ĐỘC và CÁI KẾT- ASMR Stop Motion Funny &amp; Satisf...
Bomb Chicken Cobb Salad! I
Pecan-smoked burger
Jerky South African style
Ribeye with green peppercorn sauce, asparagus and a baked potato
Spaghetti with scallops
My own spin on a Burrito Bowl
Fried fish tacos with pico de gallo, red cabbage, and lime aioli.
Lox Breakfast
Cottage Pie!
I made  earl grey macarons with salted caramel.
“Mirepoix” for the weekly bean recipe
Anyone in the mood for taco Bell? Lol
goat masala with rice
California Roll Practice Run
Meokbang is eating Salmon 700g /Salmon Roe 500g/ Raw Shrimp &amp; Mackerel
poached sockeye salmon with chanterelles in a ginger miso broth over mashed potatoes
Ugadhi Special Rava Bobbatlu (bakshalu) - Telangana special
I made pizza
Burger with green salad, cucumber, mayo, cheese, and spring onions.
Sweet Bread sliced and toasted, then topped with icing, strawberries, and chocolate
Apple cinnamon rolls
Ham and cheese omelet topped with an over-easy fried egg with a croissant.
Slow cooked pork with fragrance rice, home made sweet and sour sauce, mange tout and baby corn
Mountain Strawberries
Brekky with haloumi, bacon, broccolini, avocado and mushrooms!
Montreal Smoked Meat Reuben Sandwich with Poutine
Citrus Prawn Salad
Rigatoni Alla Vodka
Fried rice with shrimp and codfish
Ribeye and mash with some  Demi-glacé pan sauce. Happy Cake Day to me.
General Tso’s chicken
Spiral sliced ham + smoked Gouda + white cheddar Mac
Udon with kombu tsuyu broth
Turkey bacon, egg n’ cheese with some with sriracha Mayo
Chicken Cordon Bleu Pot Pie
Detroit Pizza
Maple and glazed Pershing’s. I’m having a love affair with doughnuts.
Roasted Vegetable Omelette w/Sriracha Drizzle and Scallions.
Pork Chop with tortellini and red bell peppers
wasabi beurre blanc over seared scallops
Purple crewmate.
Ribeye steak with potato wedges and sautéed mushrooms
Cheeseburger with coleslaw, onion and lettuce.
Beef beak with potato dumplings and celery
mushroom pho
fish and prawn tacos with pineapple rum cocktails.
Sausage lasagne with bacon béchamel topped with mozzarella
Lemon tarte
Carrot and Ginger Soup with pine nuts, dried cranberries and parsley.
Burgers with cheesy fries
Smoked bacon, garlic aioli and parmesan cheese fries
Steak and Lobster
Spaghetti with chicken meatballs.
Scallops with black pudding, pea purée and samphire
Better Than Shake Shack
Caramel-Raspberry Dome Cakes
Spam masubi
Bacon and Beer Beans
Free Food Available All Month In Gage Park For Families In Need - Block Club Chicago
Cheddar omelette with chives
Baked cheesecake with lingonberry &amp; maple syrup &amp; wood tar topping.
Sweet Potato Rosti with Guac and Poached Eggs
Pulled Pork, Coleslaw and Potato Salad.
Moong dal curry.
Cranberry tart
Fettuccine and pizza
Frogs Legs &amp; Hushpuppies.
Bacon/cheddar cheese burger and bacon/blue cheese burger with waffle fries
Roasted potatoes and onions, roasted chickpeas, sauteed zucchini and carrots, and tahini sauce
Lemon Pepper Pork
Beef Stew with Red Wine and Fresh Herbs
Cheddar Biscuits!
REO Speedwagon pie for a customer. Designed entirely by hand.
1/2 meatball pizza!
Mixed grill
gnocchi rolled like grandma used to with ceasar salad and homemade dressing
Chili and cornbread
turkey and vegetable taco soup
Twice Cooked Pork (回锅肉)
made fettuccine for lunch!
3 Dips
Beef Burgers with Crispy Bacon
pasta and multiple vegetable in white sauce. Used kastoori methi along with Italian mix herbs, added curry leaves and green chilli.
Half margarita, half mushroom pizza
Smoked beef rib
Apple + Rhubarb Waffles
most of the new chicken sandwiches
Beef Tenderloin with fresh fettucine pasta
Colita de cuadril al horno con verdeo, puerro, perejil y jengibre.
Apple Cider Doughnut Cake
a cake with rasberry cream
garlic lemon chicken and artichoke with rice
Pan Cubano

Pollo Asado Burrito in a Handmade Flour Tortilla, with Escabeche!
Some Pozole I made at work for the staff.
Toad-in-the-Hole using Chef Nathan Outlaw’s recipe.
My version of the Sacher Cake (With Cherry Jam)
Pomfret Fish Fry, Rupchanda Fish
spaghetti and meatballs in vodka sauce
Halloween Chocolate Cupcakes.
A Classic Bacon Cheeseburger
Kenji’s Korean Fried Chicken Sandwich
Huge lay-offs at work today and got the call that I made it through. Celebrating with a  chicken &amp; sausage gumbo for this chilly fall weather!
Hot Cross Buns
‘Kid 90’ review: ‘Punky Brewster’ star shares video of her crazy teens - Chicago Sun-Times
Ready for baking...homemade pizza dough with tuna, broccoli sun dried tomatoes, red onions and coconut bacon
Duck leg confit
‘turkey’
Mumbai’s Bhel Puri
Fresh parpadelle and 5 hour short rib ragu
Potato Pops
Chocolate Chip Peanut Butter Cookie Dough Truffles with a messy pB drizzle
Burger buns
Waffles and fruits for family breakfast.
New York Style Cheesecake
Mac&amp;cheese, bacon, green pepper, and mozzarella pizza
Bacon cheeseburger sliders for dinner, Accompanied by house cut fries.
Tuna cakes
Rye and White Cheddar Grilled Cheese with Tomato Soup
Balsamic fig glazed tomatoes n avocado toast
Caldo Verde
Smoked Chicken, Roasted Garlic Green Beans, and Bread
I'll be your muffin if you'll be my darlin' (banana nut bread muffin)
Dark Chocolate Butterscotch Chip Cookies.
Sunday Lunch, garlic and rosemary lamb cutlets with all the trimmings
Grilled ribeye with homemade creamed spinach and poblano ravioli
Salmon nigiri with roe and scallion
tamales, refried beans, rice, roasted corn salsa, all beautifully cooked by my beautiful mother. Delicious.
Chicken Larb Som Tum Cabbage and Cucumber
- Spatchcocked Turkey
pecan pie cheesecake
Sticky buffalo wings
brie and raspberry preserves on honey drizzled crostini
breakfast: potatoes, sautéed vegetables and a boiled egg.
Indian Feast! Saag Paneer, Chicken Tikka Masala, Aloo Gobhi, Onion Bajji, Naan &amp; Mango Chutney.
Bay Area Tacos 🌮
a different type of baklava.
Omelet! Pure joy.
Lets talk food!
chorizo McGriddle
Margherita pan pizza
It’s not a board, more of a  charcuterie bowl for thanksgiving
Cow liver steak, creamy mashed potatoes and brussel sprouts; side is grilled apple slice and lingonberry yam
Buttermilk pancakes with raspberries
Nacho Plate
lamb chops with sweet potato mash
Hot ham and cheese with bacon.
Zucchini Latkes
Shake Shack Shack burger
Braised beef ribs
tuna tartare
I ate  stuffed peppers
Pulled pork shoulder
Broccoli Melts
Cold peanut chili noodles, Tom Kha Gai (thai chicken green curry soup), and cucumber/dill a sesame salad. All herbs, cuc, and peppers from the garden.
Thin sliced pork
Honey garlic wings!
Chocolate Ganache Cake with Chocolate Strawberries
Breakfast of fried eggs and leftover fried rice.
3-2-1 smoked baby back ribs
Tiramisu (+ Espresso)
Now these are adorable! I’d say these are the perfect  #halloween cookies!🔥🔥🔥
Tuna Melt with tomatoes and onions from my garden and pickled jalapeños
tonkatsu
Chef Salad, School Lunch Meal
Cornflakes Mixture Recipe In Telugu 15 ని. ఈజీగా చేసుకునే స్పైసీ &amp; టేస్టీ కార్న్ ఫ్లేక్స్ మిక్చర్
Roasted Orange Pepper and Parmesan Sauce Over Vermicelli
Chicken parmesan with a blue cheese twist
Traditional Shoyu Ramen
Creamy Scrambled Eggs, Bacon, Lightly Toasted Toast with Apple Jam
Tingmo - Tibetan Steamed Buns
How to make Hummus
Apple pie tart with candied pecans
,My little daughter told me:" please, mom. share my cookies cause I made them with love. share them and spreal ove 🥰," so, please , watch her video and give her a dump up.Thank u in advance.
Moulokhia
Sausage and cheese stuffed bacon wrapped jalapeño poppers w/homemade ranch.
Baguette
LEGO SANTA: Làm BÁNH QUY GIÒN RỤM cùng Thánh Nấu Ăn - Stop Motion Funny ...
Matty Matheson’s Pollo Verde
I made London Broil, mushrooms, mashed potatoes and asparagus served with a Budweiser
Salted Caramel French Macarons
A Seafood snack my mom made
Swedish potato Rösti stack
It’s National Nugget Day in the US, so here’s a Vegan KFC Famous Bowl 😛 with nuggets using Gardein Chick’n Scallopini
Citrus Cake
Double cheeseburger with chanterelles, nduja and pesto
Esterházy Torte
Mermaid themed cupcakes
Seafood paella with garlic aioli a.k.a. rice with things
Chicken Shawarma
KC strip steak with garlic butter, and McDonalds fries dressed up as parmesan truffle fries
Lobster risotto
Chicken fajita burrito
German Beef Rouladen.
Korean fried chicken (KFC)
Spam fried rice with a fried egg
Thanksgiving Turkey
Midwest Meal
How To Make Chole Bhature
Mallorca French Toast with Honey, Sunny Side Up Egg, &amp; Avocado
Hash Browns!
frosted cookies with flower petals
Kimchi egg fried rice, bulgogi beef, roasted eggplant- not authentic
steak and cheese grilled sandwich
Gluten Free Samosas made with Rice Paper Wrappers
Oginiri &amp; Miso soup
Omelette &amp; vegetable soup
S’mores Cheesecake
Chilli Miso Salmon
Viral Video: Jasmin Bhasin's fashion faux pas moment, forgets to remove price tag from outfit - DNA India
Red Velvet Cookies, baking with my 2.5 year old.
saltimbocca with saffron risotto, carrots and leek
apple tarte
Biden to sign virus measures, requires mask use to travel - Associated Press
Chicken Parmesan
Neapolitan pizza.
Cucumber Salad
Split green peas and fava beans soup
torta (Mexican sandwhich)
Chicken and waffles with a spicy honey drizzle
Yasai miso Ramen itadakimas
5USD PIZZA DEAL of MY TOWN
Braised Short Ribs and Veggies with Sautéed Pancetta and Mushrooms
homemade chicken parmesans
BBQ Chicken
salmi and cheese omelette
chicken bacon ranch 😋
sous vide
Harissa Shrimp tacos with homemade herb yogurt raita on fresh corn tortillas.
Raspberry Chocolate Layer Cake
Chicken Bar B Q
Steak &amp; Pesto Pasta
Goey cloudy volcanoes!
Chicken long rice
tapioca pork dumplings topped with chili and pork rinds
Angus beef burger
Tori Paitan ramen with chicken thigh chashu
wagyu bone-in NYs coming up.
Pork Barbecue (Philippines)
Wagyu Carpaccio
New Filipino bakery opened up in town!
Tandoori chicken with Irish sharp cheddar grits and green onions.
Pan seared Tilapia fish in Creamy Garlic Chipotle Sauce.
Braised pork belly
AMONG US bị SÁT HẠI!!! Ai là Thủ Phạm? Thánh Nấu Ăn ASMR Stop Motion An...
Chicken biscuit with KFC left overs
Banana Bread made by GF.
white fish and quinoa soup w/potato, lentils and green onion.
Creamy mashed potatoes and a ham hash stuffed omelette from leftovers
Pumpkin Pie
Chili dogs with diced onion, pickles and cheese
After half a year in the kitchen, I can finally say with confidence I can make my three favorite dishes from my local Chinese place better from scratch. Feeling pretty accomplished
besan barfi
Lemon fish.
Raspberry &amp; White chocolat NY-cheesecake
Steak dinner with garlic, asparagus and mash
My take at halloween cupcakes
ratatouille (while watching Ratatouille)
‘The McRyan’ • My spin on the limited McDonald’s Mc Rib •
Crab Cake l Costco Kale Salad l Sweet Potato Fries l Air-Fried Prosciutto
“” simple white sandwich loaf
chicken mole
lamb, cauliflower, chickpeas and green beans (i didnt eat out but i got takeaway)
Butter/herb roasted chicken with ratatouille tonight!
French toast
butter chicken with turmeric rice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iqPAJG8Phug
Christmas cookies
Prime Rib Burger
Chocolate chip banana bread with caramelized bananas
https://ift.tt/3sStNx8
P.F. Chang’s inspired lettuce chicken wraps with jasmine rice
black lumpfish 'caviar' on waffle fries
Nepalese Chicken Curry
American Pancakes
Deep dish pepperoni pizza
baked wings
Inspired by photos we see here
Sticky Toffee Pudding
peanut butter cake
Gnocchi with a Pork and Roasted Red Pepper Ragu
What happens if you cold ferment pizza dough for five days and bake in home oven?
Tonkotsu Ramen 🍜
https://ift.tt/35TYmZs
NASA shares captivating images of 'Fireworks Galaxy' that witnesses frequent supernovae - DNA India
Pineapple upside down cupcakes
Domino's
pineapple shrimp
A nice brunch with friends.
failed latkes turned into successful hashbrowns
roasted carrots. They were stunningly beautiful just after prepping them.
chowmein
“Freestyle” lasagna with fresh pasta and bolognese. I can’t be boxed in!
Food Colourings
more pizza.
Turkish Quince Dessert (Ayva tatlısı)
Tray of cookies
Scottish breakfast! Bangers, paddy scones, egg, Lorne sausage, beans, tomatoes, mushroom
Tom kha gai with fried garlic
scallops and spaghetti - camping edition
A Breakfast For Champions.
shrimp ceviche
Shrimp and Pork Dumplings
Chicken supreme.
Cajun Chicken and Corn
Guava &amp; Cheese Strudels
Spinach Quiche
Sichuan red oil wontons and bok choy
Greek vegerables pie
Kale pesto pasta
Jumbo Lump Crab Mac &amp; Cheese
Thai Boat
To the door roast Sunday dinner delivery service
For tomorrow but don’t think they will last till then!
Young guns wings with the finest sauces
Sweet and Salty Chocolate Chip Cookies
chicken parm
Feijoa curd
gastation pizza
Freshly baked fluffy butter&amp;milk rolls.
Pesto pasta
: V-Day Dinner; Beef tenderloin, mashed potatoes, and Lobster tail topped on roasted asparagus.
Ramen and kakuni
Flowers and Pizza
Mole Shredded beef enchiladas
salt and pepper lobster
Buffalo Chicken Stuffed Sweet Potato l Celery Pico l Greek Yogurt Ranch
Delicious Garlic Rosemary Pork Chops
Singapore Chicken Rice
ratatouille for dinner
My signature Spanish rice
Oye cómo va mi ritmo Bueno pa' gozar,
This is our class bunny
glazed chocolate donuts
Tofu soup with spicy kimchi, fresh tomato with cucumber, and rice with soya sauce
Pierogi
Red Wine Braised Beef Short Ribs and Mashed Potatoes
Top 3 Mouth Watering Indian Sweets Must Try - Kailash Sweets &amp; Snacks
Cinnamon Raspberry Swirl Icecream with Coffee Chocolate Syrup
moon cakes
Shichimi Togarashi Coppa
Tri Tip Empanadas with a chipotle crema.
Chả cá - Vietnamese fried fish patty
Milk Hot Pot
Wearing two masks are better than one against COVID-19 CDC finds in a limited study - Firstpost
Ketogenic Diet — How Does It Work? Keto Diet Plan | The Ultimate Guide For Beginner’s — Meals, Foods
Chicken Ramen with soft boiled eggs and bak choy. Chili oil to kick it up a notch.
a massive 32 oz protein shake for only 200 calories!
Fig and raspberry balsamic glazed pork chops with a side of make-ahead crispy mashed dijon potatoes and oven roasted carrots, zucc, and garlic, garnished with thyme.
Simple Egg Fried Rice
Three Cheese Ziti with Meat Sauce
Braised Goat and Pepper Curry, Smoked Turkey Neck Collard Greens, Black Eyed Peas, Okra, and Peppers, Grilled Cajun Chayote Squash, Dirty Rice w/ Chicken Liver and Confit Garlic. Puppy Garnish.
Rigatoni with sautéed broccoli, mozzarella and kielbasa crumble
Indonesian Black Rice Pudding with Blueberries for Halloween
Pho Bò Viên (meatball pho)
My Thanksgiving spread
Double Air Fried Buffalo and Sweet Chilli wings (I’m going through a wing phase)
Limburgian zoervleis with fries and mayonaise
Crispy wings from my local Korean market.
rice soup with egg
Char Siu and fried rice
Lasagna with homemade noodles, bechamel and bolognese sauce.
Here's who is likely to get a third stimulus check under the latest relief package - CNBC
Thai Red Curry
Easter eggs and themed chocolates
Pepperoni Pizza
Fish &amp; Grits
pheni at lahore
Wok fried silk worms.
Morrocan sfouf (potato for scale)
ribs with bbq sauce
Mac and cheese with spicy honey glazed buttermilk fried chicken
bread
Pan de Muerto
a chocolate and caramel brownie pie
More than 1,300 boxes of free food distributed by local church - WCAX
this
Bibimbap with shredded chicken (instead of beef)
fried zucchini sandwich w/ pickled jalapeños, bbq chips, and fontina
Buche de Noel
Grilled Turkey Dinner
Coconut Tarts
. No Flour 100% check at Handmade Me there a lot of Food
biscuit, bacon, eggs, and stewed apples
Marinated &amp; Grilled Split Chicken Wings and Drumettes
Banana split waffles
German Chocolate Cheesecake
rack of lamb and brie cheese/apricot risotto
Sous vide ribeye with shallot cream sauce and broccolini
fettucine with a herb-lime sauce and crayfishes. Delighted my Monday evening
chicken stir fry, lightly teriyaki-ed.
- Pastry tasting
Pulled pork nachos.
Mahout, elephant talk in gestures, video goes viral - Times of India
onion ring
Thai Tea Nian Gao
(not so faithful) Pasta Carbonara
I took out the cheese and added nuggets instead.
Spaghetti Carbonara
Nova Scotian Green Tomato Chow Chow
Zucchini and artichoke lasagna.
- Gingerbread house
Yalanchi Dolma. Great Grandma's recipe from 1976
GINGERBREAD NES
Bobotie, Yellow Rice, Sambal salad &amp; Daltjies Chili bites
Stuffed Peppers
cheg (cheese egg) for breakfast
strip loin topped with garlic and butter
Irish soda bread with breakfast
oven baked short ribs.
Grilled surf and turf
Cannoli!!!
Striploin stake with arugula salad
Haggis Eggs Benedict with Chilli Jam
Destrua Todos Os Consoles De Jogos Para Fazer Um Bolo Coberto De Queijo ...
Cajun chicken and sausage Mac and cheese.
chicken tikka masala and chili chicken with veggies as well as some naan
Thai Street Food (Khao Moo Dang and Tom Yum Soup)
Cheese Herb Bread
Lobster thermidore
Please don't judge too hard homemade jerky, going in the dehydrator tomorrow.
Dak-Galbi (Korean fire chicken)
Honey-Soy Salmon with Bok Choy and Jasmine Rice
chicken leg w/ potatoes and veggies
Calzone, Pizza &amp; Soup
Waffles and banana
baked Brussel sprouts &amp; Roasted with Lemon Garlic
French Onion Soup with scissors a cutlery!
3 meat chilli with bacon cheddar cornbread muffins and garlic toast
Beef Wellington from Christmas
Detroit-style coney dogs
Honey, garlic, and soy marinated salmon with sautéed spinach and oven roasted potatoes.
Banana bread with walnuts and cinnamon
Korean Mexican Fusion Bibimbap
Braised duck legs
double crunch quesadilla more in comments
70/30 beef, whiskey onions, brioche
Cajun flavored snowcrab with fries, hushpuppies, and asparagus
Spaghetti frutti di mare
Nachos
Delicious Lithuanian Pork with Mushroom Sauce, Fries and Salad
Guyanese cassava egg ball and mango sour
Small dinner for small pets.
Paneer Jalebi
5 pepper pizza with corn, red onion, and basil
Lumpia (Filipino Eggroll)
Triple Ginger Cookie Crust, Meyer Lemon Curd Tart with Sweet'n Sour Blood Orange Zest
Sea Bass
https://cutt.ly/IjHzW0L
Elote
Cheesy Enchiladas
Squid with jalapenos and chilli garlic aioli.
trying my hand at making chicken with rice.
Fajitas Three Ways. Chicken, Shrimp and Beef.
rotisserie chicken &amp; mango sparkling wine...Soo delicious. Must Try
Thick cut bacon
One Pot Honey Garlic Kielbasa
Korean "American Style" Lunch
Pulled Pork and Beer Cheese on a Pretzel Bun
Taste of Seattle 2020 (takeout style): Dochi, Issian Seattle Dough Zone, Chun Chung Korean Hot Dogs, Oasis Tea Zone
sourdough bread with a view
Smoked chuck, ready to be braised.
Chicken Marsala w/ Pappardelle
Shrimp Alfredo!
bread, again. 😌
Birria tacos
Sicilian Ragu
Three cheese lasagna
Pizza night tonight
Paneer/ tofu with spring onions 😋
my first raspberry jam!
Uruguayan Pizza
Spicy pork tonkatsu ramen with shumai
still warm creme brule
Caramels
Beer Battered Chicken Nugget, Horseradish Honey Mustard, and Pickled Red Onion
Pecan, Sweet Potato, and Apple pies.
Southern style Beef Roast, butter peas , carrots, potatoes &amp; corn bread
Vanilla Bar with Chocolate Sprinkles
For fresh  Fantastic fish and chips give Vals Place Par a try in Par, Cornwall
nduja pizza
Bacon hash and eggs
Pork Ramen in mushroom broth
Duck Confit with creamy mashed potatoes
Omelette Souffle on my youtube channel: ChefandTell
fried chicken breasts + gravy
Roasted Black Sea Bass
I made a s’mores tart! Inspired by u/FoodEsq changed the recipe slightly to have a graham cracker base! Seemed to work well
A simple Pesto Alla Genovese
Cast Iron Skillet Pizza
chocolate covered strawberries
Meatball subs with fresh baguettes
a Shiitake and Parmesan pizza at Mellow Mushroom
Ricotta and bay bolete creamy sauce pasta topped with baked yeast
Black garlic tonkotsu ramen w/ takoyaki and gyoza.
pizzas made by my better half are yummy but they’re hella ugly
EGG MASALA PASTA
Wonton noodle soup!
Roasted Duck Ramen
Shepherds Pie
‘I defended myself’
Homemade bacon, eggs, and toast!
pasta alla Norma.
Made soft shell crab to eat in brioche sandwiches and a side of salad. @cereuslydelicious
buttercream cake plaster art
Terry's Chocolate Orange Cheesecake
focaccia with manchego, prosciutto, and caramelised red onion
soft sugar cookies with royal icing
Pepper Chicken
pasta with veggies, sauces, chicken and mushrooms
instapot ribs
Labneh w/ pomegranate and pistachio
Orzo with minced meat, green beans, walnut, raisins and cheese
Appe Pie
Chicken Noodle Soup
Pizza on the bbq
cast iron pizza
Christmas Charcuterie Spread by my sons
pan-fried miso-marinated Salmon
Double-stacked buttermilk fried chicken sando w/ homemade (brining kit) jalepeno pickles, sriracha coleslaw and french fries with Sweet baby Ray's for dipping sauce
vegetable and bean enchiladas
bacon is it safe
Buttermilk Scallion Biscuits
Pasta Al Forno with Italian sausage and Guanciale tomato sauce.
Tarte aux Pommes
Cobb salad with dill mayonnaise dressing.
I made four, 11x14 trays of English Toffee to give to my friends for Xmas.
Chocolate Rasberry Creme Brulee
Roasted Broccoli with Cherry Tomatoes
sirloin and baked potato
Smoked Salmon and Lake Superior Whitefish
Korvapuustit
I put pepperoni, ham &amp; a whole 29oz can of pineapple on my  pizza &amp; it’s fantastic!
DanDan Noodles
chicken enchiladas with a salsa verde and bechamel sauce
This wonderful oreo cake
Chiles en nogada. Wild rice and salad aside.
Cumberland sausage w/mash potato, veggies, and onion gravy.
Bacon, caramelized onion and gruyere quiche
Beefy Bakes.
Khinkali and Khachapuri
Moonglet
Smoked bacon and egg on toast with habenero sauce
PB&amp;J Sandwich made with Pancakes and Banana
Pork belly on the smoker
NY Strip with Brussels sprouts and mashed potatoes
Sourdough Sandwich Bread
- Deep fried hasselback potatoes with whipped smetana, roe from Kalix and dill.
Veg spring roll.
Hoki Sandwich, mesclun, tomato, mayo, sweet chilli sauce, cheese.
first attempt at beef Wellington! Super tasty!
Red Lobster Cheddar Biscuits
Stroopwaffels, a Dutch version of waffles with golden syrup and a crispy waffle like base.
Deep Dish Roasted Red Pepper, Caramelized Onion and Gruyère Quiche
Sausage Olive Basil &amp; Red Pepper(on half) Pizza
Classic Chocolate Chip Cookies
Scrapple, scrambled eggs, biscuits, hashbrowns and pan-fried cheese.
not difficult to make, but very tasty.
(drank) Lavender Lemonade
Chili Cheese Spätzle (German Chinese Fusion)
Broccoli Quiche
Holishkes (sweet &amp; sour stuffed cabbage rolls)
Goodly Pineapple Grilled Chicken Kabobs with Vegetable Egg Fried Rice with Sweet &amp; Sour Sauce
Tri-tip, habanero hot sauce, cilantro chimichuri, spinach leaves on baguette
apple pie .
Starting the grilling season off with some kabobs
Indian Vegetable Curry
Diner Fries
Steak, Baked Potato, and Sautéed Brussels Sprouts
Beef braised with lots of onion a la Joshua McFadden. Meat will become a sandwich with homemade horseradish sauce, onions and base will become french-ish onion soup.
- Tuscan chicken.
Persian turkey with pomegranate and walnuts (fesenjan)
Chocolate Crinkles
Had a customer call and ask for a heart shaped pizza today at work. Him and his partner had met at a pizza place and he wanted to surprise her with a heart shaped pizza on their anniversary since they couldn’t really go out as normal. I hope I did him justice.
Big Bowl of Homemade Pasta in Tomato Basil Sauce
Thon à la Provençale with Cajun Green Beans and Potatoes
Golden roasted turkey leg
Mexican chicken &amp; rice salad bowl
Sourdough Pancake•Amaretto Creme•Strawberry
Taco Bell style chicken quesadilla
Salted Caramel Chocolate Butterfinger tart
Veggieballs in ajvar and rice
Japanese curry + Karaage
Chicken Tapenade Ravioli in White Wine Cream Sauce and Honey Mustard Glazed Salmon
0.75-Inch T-Bone Steak
the best lobster roll of this summer!
Fufu and light soup with cow leg, salmon, chicken and tilapia
Hickory Smoked Turkey. Happy Thanksgiving!
Thanksgiving 2020 - Cajun Roast Chicken, White Castle Stuffing, Mashed Potatoes and Gravy, Peas, and Brown and Serve Rolls
Caramel Chocolate Pecan Tart
CRISPY VEGETABLE CUTLET
Whiz cheesesteak with cherry peppers, side of Whiz fries
Vanilla-Fudge
Corned Beef Au Grain
Mediterranean creamy chicken and rice with asparagus and harissa.
Brunch - Poached eggs, Herb butter toast, Candied bacon, Yogurt parfait.
https://ift.tt/36eyvvz
Pizza - mine was buffalo chicken, pepperoni &amp; white truffle oil drizzle
Gulab Jamun, Rajbhog, Sponge Rasgulla, Rasmalai, Kesar Badam Milk
Thai green curry with eggplant, sweet potato and tofu.
Orecchiette, italian sausage, spinach , mushroom in a creamy tomato white wine sauce
Prime Rib.
Double-bacon cheeseburger and fries
Nagoya Mazesoba
"",Truffle recipe
Popeyes chicken sandwich
croissants
NY Strip Steak w/Herb Butter
Asada and guacamole street tacos
Soupy Noodle Bowl
Layered Nacho Dip
Moist, cheesy and succulent Mac &amp; Cheese
vegan meatballs the other day. Does anyone else like eating vegan food?
Young Angus Sirloin Steak, Rosemary Roasted Potatoes, Grilled Vegetables (Carrots &amp; Zucchini), and Pepper Mushroom Sauce
Matcha Mochi Chocolate Chip Cookies
Georgia Prosecutors Open Criminal Investigation of Trump Phone Call - The New York Times
Chicken and Rice (with guac, sour cream, and salsa)
Pecan smoked Turkey Breast with a finishing honey baked glaze!!!
Noodles with wok, traditional uyghur style. So called laghman.
Smoked ribs
- Pepperoni Pizza
Beef Brisket 12 hour smoke results
Brisket Pastrami.
“” homemade Grilled Fish Tacos!
Seasoned and smoked Prime Rib roast.
‘Smokin Salad’ burger
Chicken Fajitas
jalapeno burned hands for guacamole day.
goat cheese and tomato tart!
Saag paneer (with hone made paneer)
beef stroganoff, egg noodles, parsley garnish
Virat Kohli has made India a tough side, can't be bullied: Nasser Hussain - Times of India
Tomato, garden basil, fresh mozzarella pizza
Porchetta
My chicken is shaped like Africa
Jajangmyeon and Tangsuyuk
sushi low budget maguro mashup
Dal Makhni, carrot-cranberry salad and pita bread
Bloody Red Velvet cake with Raspberry Cream Cheese Mousse
Coconut Creampie
thin crust pizza with butter bear
Good ol’ fashion beef stew.
Eggs and Tomatoes
sourdough loaf
Baked Feta and Tomato
Jersey bar pie at Star Tavern
Chicken &amp; Rabbit Paella
baked artichoke dip
Sunday night’s burger night
Can you believe it Making SALAD from ART TOOLS How Cook ASMR funny Sto...
spicy salmon bowl
Oreo Cheesecake for my dad’s 50th!
pregnancy steak salad 😂 with pasteurized feta, over done steak (counting down the months to being able to have medium rare again) avocado, broccolini, and a citrus vinaigrette. So random, but it actually came together nicely.
pancakes
Peri Peri Melting Cheese Maggi
Sirloin Steak
Codfish Meuniere
petite sirloin, twice baked potato and sautéed asparagus
Some hickory smoked beef back ribs...tender with a perfect bark
NINJA FOODIE RECIPES | INSTANT POT
Guinness Beef Stew with Cheddar Herb Dumplings
When you can’t go to Korean bbq you do it at home.
Chicken tikka masala, garlic naan, vegetable samosas
Egyptian Pumpkin Casserole
Venison chili
Porterhouse Platter with butter garlic mushrooms, fondant potatoes and grilled jalapeño all on charcoal
No bake mango passionfruit cheesecake! Definitely worth giving it a try, I promise!
New York Steak with Peppercorn sauce and roasted potatoes
“Big Night” style Timpana.
Rice Cake with Banana
Leftover crab becomes  cioppino
Smash burger with cheddar, bacon, sweet jalapeños and home made mayo.
Freshly-Slaughtered Pumpkin Curry Soup
Ravioli with Cheese-Tomato-Filling in Basil-Butter
Beef fried rice
Smoked Pork Loin
Scallops on  Pasta and Cream Cheese Garlic Alfredo Sauce with Spinach in Egg Whites
Mochi Donuts (Cafe Mocha, Plain, Oreo, Dark Chocolate, Strawberry)
Garlic Ramen with A piece of Air Fried Crispy Chicken Skin
Bao w/ pork and matcha beer
stuffed pigeon I braised in a black beer sauce
Chili's Fajita leftovers
Cauliflower Steaks &amp; Purée W/ Walnut &amp; Caper Salsa and Roast Chicken
super spicy grilled chicken feet by the stream
duck tits on pixels
Not bad for a whiteboy
sourdough 20% rye &amp; toasted caraway
Crabcakes with spicy mayo, tenderloin steak, lemon parmesan asparagus, &amp; mashed potatoes.
Dinner rolls from thanksgiving!
Iberian ham croquettes
Avocado Toast.
Rich Dark Chocolate Souffle with Golden Chocolate Rocks
Bo Luc Lac (Vietnamese Shaking Beef)
Chicken Fried Rice Remake (Jim’s Gotta Eat)
Chocolate chip macadamia cookies
Pan fried snapper, spicy Bok choy, and white rice.
Chicken Biryani
Texas BBQ
Light salad with salmon and grapefruit
Two Pound Tenderloin with Garlic and Thyme. Ribeye in the Back.
The Perfect Homemade Apple Pie https://ift.tt/3oTQzCr
I made a giant  8 kg burger and the smallest 3 grams
Yin and yang-style eggs and home fries
Chicken and avocado melt with homemade tomato soup.
Chinese food
“no roll” biscuits very satisfied.
Smoked Dr Pepper Ribs and Spicy Mac and Cheese
Millennium Falcon Gingerbread
prime rib, butter braised baby potatoes and sautéed asparagus.
mini pot pies
Cinnamon Belgian Waffles on a bed of Maple-Infused Candied Apples
not as fancy as the other cordon bleu
Boneless thigh chicken sandwich
Salmon recipe with crispy skin salmon, fondant potatoes, roasted brussels sprouts, and chestnut sauce.
apple pie matzah bites for passover
Fried giant puffball mushroom
Toowamba Pasta
tuna sandwich for my family
Yuzu Garlic Salmon topped with crispy brussel sprouts
Traditional Pastitsio
Beet pancakes and they turned out amazingly good.
Bacon cheeseburgers and coleslaw
Birthday breakfast - buttermilk pancakes with crunchy bacon and maple syrup, topped with strawberries and blueberries.
Pizza is the best!
English breakfast. Pissed off about the black pudding falling apart - and I personally prefer 3 smaller pork and leek chipolatas to one thicker sausage on the plate. Needless to say, tasted alright..
Kimchi noodles with ham!
Plain and Simple Cheesecake with Blueberries, raspberries and currants.
Nashville hot fried chicken sandwich
Oatmeal raisin cookies
Brisket and Blue Cheese Coleslaw Sammich
Japanese curry rice bowl with pickled veggie for topping
S'mores Brownie Cupcakes
Cheese/Pepperoni/Mushroom Pizza
My take on sausage and mash. Colcannon Mash with assorted veg and Pork and Leek sausages
I made this cake to look like brisket, baked beans, and coleslaw! The cake is chocolate fudge flavored and I used zero fondant. Modeling chocolate and wafer paper are the main decorating mediums. What do you think fellow foodies?
I endured a small amount of judgement while taking this photo. I assume Ken Forkish sends you a congratulations email when you post one of these?
Christmas breakfast onion dip, chips and candy cane vodka. Merry Christmas!
sour cream pound cake with confectioners glaze
BBQ Baby Back Ribs
(Homemade) pork and chorizo burgers with lettuce and tomato served with skin-on fries
COVID-19 May Damage Sperm Quality, Reduce Fertility In Men: Study - NDTV
Pasture raised eggs and sun-dried tomatoes with bacon and guacamole.
"" CHIKEN FRY
Chocolate Cookie
black beans with over medium eggs and some avocado
Smashed double cheeseburgers with griddled ham and toasted buns
Boeuf Lyonnaise
Spicy Steelhead
Crispy Chicken Thigh Sandwich
ULTIMATE CHEWY CHOCOLATE CHIP COOKIES – Flavors N Recipes
Grilled Pork Chop With Creamy Pepper Sauce
Tom Yum :) Watercolor by @MikeOneSeven
japchae noodles with shrimp and veggies. Will be enough for a few meals
Golden Fried Prawns
Seafood Chowder
deep fried ube + haupia pie
Takeaway Italian Margherita pizza for lunch today.
Yachaejeon
Pie for my Cake day
Beef brisket cooked for 12 hours
Pulled Pork Mac N Cheese Egg Rolls with Pork Fried Rice
Surf &amp; Turf Risotto
Ice Cream  - We Are Children Again 🍦👩👦
Some beer braised brats for this lovely Labor Day.
Honey walnut shrimp with broccoli and rice
Chicken noodles supe / Dalg-kalgugsu
waffle and thick bacon
Mofongo!
crispy sweet potato wedges
Shrimp pasta with a parsley and rosemary sauce.
Roasted Butternut Squash Risotto
Soft Pretzels and Spicy Nacho Cheese
Chocolate filled bricohe french toast, whipped cream and raspberries. Topped with icing sugar and honey.
chilaquiles verdes.
Jjajangmyeon - Korean noodles with black bean sauce
Tex-Mex style beef enchiladas with tortilla chips and homemade salsa
fresh strawberry cheesecake from the Cheesecake Factory
Sweet Potato Muffins
- Filet w lump crab, lobster tail, asparagus, aus gratin potatoes wine.
Il Caprese, Tomatoes and Mozzarella
Char-sui chicken with fresh pineapple, zucchini &amp; red capsicum on lemongrass infused rice
takoyaki
Pho Bo. Starting off 2021 with my favorite bowl of noodle soup
Hokkaido milk bread dinner rolls, brushed with garlic butter and topped with flaky salt
One bite Juicy Jaffa cakes
cinnamon rolls; the s’mores edition
Fish soup wish rouille and kampot peper
cheese tea biscuits
Vanilla Cream Cheese stuffed French Toast
Honey &amp; Pineapple Teriyaki Sauce Ribs.
vanilla custard cracked-caramel tart
Great British Classic. Beer battered cod with triple cooked chip shop chips and sugar snap peas.
this is salted pork belly that I smoked in my Weber for 2h then sous vide for 24h.
Spaghetti and Meatball Cupcakes
Honey Mustard Wings
Bloody fingers
Breakfast with a view
Panacotta
swedish meatballs
Peanut Butter Cookies
Chocolate mousse pyramid
Matnakash
Sausage and Spinach pasta bake
Haddock and Old Bay fish cakes
Makaronia me kima (Greek spaghetti)
avocado burger
Belgian Waffles
Gina's Lasagna
Oliebollen
GÓC VUI NHỘN | Dùng MINION Để Chế Biến Món Kem Dừa SIÊU BẮT MẮT - Thánh ...
Eclairs with Praline Mousseline Cream
New England clam chowder and bread
Squeezing Lemons onto Salmon
Sweet potato gnocchi in mushroom tomato sauce
at Long John Silver's
Açai Bowl
Yogurt parsley baked oysters topped with bacon and shallot
Chocolate marshmallows
Burger with bacon, cheese, and pickles
medium rare striploin with garlic her butter,mushroom and caramelised onions
Spatchcock Chicken with Mushroom Risotto &amp; Roasted Carrots.
Delicious Biryani
Spicy Chicken Chow Mein
Thanksgiving burger. (Bacon wrapped ground turkey, stuffing, cranberry sauce, Vermont cheddar mashed potatoes and gravy on the side).
Fettucine with pesto &amp; Oven baked chicken thigh
Cheeseburger and Fries
pizza for me b-day
cookie sundae.
pasta primavera
mexican pastries
Osechi Ryōri made with my friends in Japan. A traditional meal ate on New Year's Day.
Caramelized onion/mushroom pepper jack bacon burger
Flan
Chocolate and espresso layer cake
birthday hazelnut creamy cake
Duck fat roast potatoes
Cheese/Charcuterie Board
Savory Vegetarian Sausage Fried Rice Breakfast Bowl
chicken noodle for a light breakfast
Curry and Rice.
Lunch
May not look really pretty but I thoroughly enjoyed it. The salmon skin was so crispy!
Blueberry Yogurt
Falafel - delicious item from Garbanzo beans
Brisket-ends Burger with Guacamole
Teriyaki chicken noodle broth with chillies, mushrooms, shredded carrot and sriracha sauce atop
the dish is Vada Pav!
Spicy Indian Dahl. Really EZ to cook! If you wanna know how. Take a look on my YouTube video https://youtu.be/DRk6KxrjqIA
Arancini with a roast tomato and garlic sauce
https://ift.tt/36hidC6
I finally made beef Wellington! My cat wasn’t thrilled about not having any...
S'mores cookies
- Grilled chicken black rice bowl
Breakfast/Brunch Spot
Apple tart tatine
Parthian Chicken with roasted vegetables
Assorted Dumplings
A take on Asian cuisine - chickpeas and corn salad with Asian bread, puffed tortillas, spicy chickpeas gravy and basmati long rice flavored with clarified butter!
Chocolate Cremeux with Vanilla and pear
Crispy pork Bao
choco chip shortbread cookies w/ orange flavored choco coating, candied orange flesh &amp; peel w/ some light salt &amp; w/ the leftover peel tops I just coated w/ leftover choco &amp; salt
Wings with honey bbq sauce
Irish Corned Beef with Swiss Cheese on a Pretzel bun.
Just started to store my rice to create a classic  Fried Rice. Will be around 3-4 days stored!
Charsi Karahi Recipe | How to make charsi karahi
Ni-msme unveils app for MSMEs, entreprenuers - The Hans India
An Adult Lunchable: Winco Sun Dried Tomato Turkey, Wheat Thins, Tillamook Smoked Black Pepper White Cheddar. Missing that dill dijon they used to include.
Vegan soy yogurt cheesecake
Bread bowls with broccoli cheese soup
Lovely General Tso's Chicken!
Vegan Dan Dan Udon
Fried Chicken Sandwich and Mac
Cheese fondue with homemade meatballs, Italian sausage, Italian bread and pepperoni.
Vegetable macaroni
this waffle hamburguer, It tasted very good. I liked it a lot
Zucchini-herb bread
Vegan Snickerdoodle Cookies
Lemon Cupcakes!
proposed state task force would aim to tackle issues of food insecurity and inaccessibility in Utah. - Salt Lake Tribune
Chicken Tender Meal
Garlic and Pepper Elk Jerky
All butter pie crust with a brown butter and honey pumpkin filling.
drunken burger from Asbury Ale House, Asbury NJ. A double burger topped with drunken bites (deep fried penne vodka bites) covered in their house made vodka sauce.
Roasted duck on a bed of vegetables
Collard green veggie and brown rice wrap
Corned beef hash with egg
Pasta Aglio e Olio
Pork Shawarma
Japanese curry
Egg Cheese Sandwich
Beef Karahi | Restaurant Style Beef Karahi""
Birria Tacos with Oaxaca cheese and Consummé
mushroom, bacon, onion, parsley stuffed pork tenderloin with red wine reduction.
I actually don’t know what this is but it looks so beautiful and yummy.
Spicy Chicken
Risotto
Sticky Meatballs
Fried Ribs with Lynn
T-bone and baked potato
Oreo Cheesecake
Simple and Tasty Chicken Biryani // எளிமையான சுவையான சிக்கன் பிரியாணி
stuffed pepperoni rolls.
Chicken and Waffles
Pita bread lasagna
Beef and Broccoli
Triple chocolate cheesecake
SUPER spicy stir fry ramen
mocha latte
Beef Birria tacos
Mexican Red Rice Recipe
elevated ramen with chicken katsu
Chicken Biryani with Cucumber Raita
White bread Sandwich Loaves
Powerful Student Distance Learning Video Going Viral  - newstalk870.am
Cinnamon Roll French Toast
Big Tasty sauce Macdonald's
Turkey slider with bacon-cranberry jam and sauteed radicchio on brioche.
Diwali fest
Rice mixed with Chicken Breast and Orange/Yellow Bell-peppers. With a side of Strawberries and Grapes
This Picture Of Lasagna From Google Is Exquisite
Ahi Tuna Fish Tacos
Oggy and the Cockroaches become MY DINNER - ASMR Comiedo/ Kluna Tik Styl...
white hot chocolate with whipped cream I whipped up , strawberry syrup drizzled on top and then shaved white chocolate to garnish on top
Nutella Flavoured Milk
croque-monsieur
Croatian Kunjka (English - Noah’s Arc)
Viral video appears to show woman doing aerobics after coup takes place - Fox NewsAOC: Ocasio-Cortez says she is sexual assault survivor - BBC News
Classic Funnel Cake sprinkled with cinnamon &amp; icing sugar drilled with salted caramel and crowned with vanilla soft serve
Zigeunerschnitzel mit Pommes Frites
Chocolate &amp; Coconut macarons
A Full English Breakfast
smoked and grilled Asian ribs
Tilapia with scallion sriracha sauce, creamy lemon risotto and roasted green beans
Spicy Mushroom &amp; Noodle Soup
Ruskie Pierogi
Macaroons
HOT CHOCOLATE BOMB recipe quick and delicious
Paneer Tikka Masala
Chicken Dumplings. I don't think I am going to be ordering these in anytime soon.
Steamed Chilean sea bass.
Steak and pepper melt with jolokia and orange barbecue sauce
Zaiqa Rice Recipe
Black Bean Chili with spicy sour cream and jalapeños.
Cannabis Infused Clam Chowder (Sensi Star - 21mg THC) , Freshly Baked Bread with Infused Butter (Chem Dawg 30mg THC)
Baguettes
Lobster Roll with butter on the side
garlic paratha
smoked pork belly glazed with a fermented cherry bBQ sauced
Chicken Nachos
Grilled New York Strip
Risotto ao Ragout di Ossobuco
Thử Thách: ĂN BÀN CHÂN 7 SẮC CẦU VỒNG
Chicken and Waffles with sriracha and maple syrup
Spaghetti with Miso + Hazelnut Pesto
Beef brisket, Black rice Curry
https://ift.tt/3j1F6ib
Fried avocados
(Homemade) Chili
Thanksgiving Plate with 4 Cheese Mac n Cheese, Mashed Cauliflower and Yukon Gold Potato, and Steak
onion burger
Bacon, Beer, &amp; Chocolate Chili
Frogmore Stew on right, boiled crab on left
Bagel day! Turkey, Bacon, Avocado, Brie, Rocket, Walnuts, Cranberry Sauce &amp; Mayo on a toasted sesame bagel.
Egg, salsa and bacon tortilla wrap
12 hour smoked brisket for Passover
A Deli Club sandwich from Jason’s Deli
- second attempt at Beef Wellington
Yesterday's chicken roast 🧡
kimchi dumplings!!
Beef tortilla burgers with diced onions, jalapenos, cheese and cholula sauce.
Blackened Salmon
Birthday cake!! (Go to comments for more info)
Cavatappi Bolognese with Garlic Toast
some chanterelles I hade to made sth out of them. So here they are 😊
Garlic Cheese Breadsticks
Cookies with walnuts | Grandma's recipe
American Breakfast: OM eggs, apple smoked bacon, maple sausage, fried tomato &amp; mushrooms. Fake mocha
Dutch Oven Quiche
Strawberry banana vodka smoothie
Onion, feta and cheddar tart
Pineapple Upside Down Cupcakes with Piña Colada Frosting
Colby Jack Cheeseburger
Sirloin Tip Roast, Shrimp Scampi, and Rice Pilaf
Smore Cookies
Charcoal &amp; Dulce de Leche Croissant
Some Bengali Kacha-Golla/Pranhara
Turkey, potatoes and carrots ovenbaked
Egg fried cous-cous
Fish and Chips
Petite pain au chocolat
Cinnamon Rolls — before the icing
Middle Eastern Lamb Stew
what are the top 10 healthiest foods ?
A solo Christmas chicken bbq.
Ka'ak Ajwa (Ajwa cakes). Ajwa=dates.
Chicken karrage with Sriracha Mayo 🤤
Donut with jam and halva, I can't wait yummy
Basil eggplant tofu with crispy salmon
risotto with roasted pork tenderloin
Individual quiche with bacon, spring onion, tomato, mushrooms and peppers.
Aata Biscuits
Apple Bites
Egyptian Beef and Okra Stew with Toasted Vermicelli Rice
My spouse’s bacon! 1 week cured and 1 hour smoked.
Pizzzzzzaaaaaa
Pumpkin Bread!
Foie Gras
Fruit Tarts!
Big Breakfast with a strawberry milkshake
Tonkotsu Ramen with Crispy Pork Belly
Bacon Pancake
Roasted red potatoes, balsamic glazed roasted Brussel sprouts, creamed corn, and tilapia with a beurre blanc sauce
Char Sui Fried Rice
Chilaquiles verdes with fried eggs and refried beans
Black Forest trifle
Oven finished fusilli beef ragu with smoked scamortza cheese
Redfield apple frangipane tart
Bagel Bomb (Everything Seasoning, Cream Cheese Inside)
Como fazer Nugget caseiro , saudavel e delicioso, receita muito fácil
BLT with turkey
potto cchip
Italian style chicken cordon bleu
Breakfast taco
Lata nights feast.
Chicken stir fry i made for dinner!
Spicy Sesame Ramen with Brined Pork Tenderloin
Scotch Egg Chrismas Series
samosas filled with savory sweet potato (all air fried) and served with apple butter chutney (which tastes like imli chutney)
American breakfast!
Philly Cheese Steaks Paired with Celebratory Champagne
Lotus Bicoff: smashed McVitie's caramel biscuit mixed with cream and rock salt
spinach, butternut squash &amp; ground beef lasagna with cauliflower alfredo sauce.
Not my prettiest creation but here it is! Potato kale mushroom - veggie pie!
“” beef meatballs and egg noodles yum !
Shortribs with bread
Chilly Potato 🥔
Vietnamese phở with brisket and meatballs
Tips and Tricks To Make Dinner Rolls
(I ate) a poke bowl
Lemon, Red Pepper &amp; Shrimp Linguine
I’m new here is this good for a 13 year old. Eggs, ham, and turkey
Best Chicken Karahi, quick and easy, in limited sources
Roasted chicken breast with gravy, pilaf, biscuit and cesar salad
Double layer cake with chocolate, peanut butter, and espresso icing
“” bacon wrapped jalapeños poppers
the ‘Chris Morrocco breakfast sandwich’ on homemade brioche
Prawn Curry the best of Malaysian food
The “Is This Your Chard” Burger from the Bob’s Burgers burger book
Scallops and buerre blanc
white rice, shrimp, zucchini &amp; side salad
Cajun Seafood Boil
4 cheese &amp; Pepperoni pizza
Huge Chocolate Muffin filled with nutella

This full breakfast fusion
Testing GORDON RAMSAY'S How to Make Perfect White Sauce with Cheese
Colorful frosting
Mushroom risotto with salmon, green beans and a lot of parmezan.
Sourdough pretzel sticks
Wakayama Ramen
Victoria Sandwich
Jet Black Belgian Waffles
“” strawberry white chocolate cheesecake stuffed cones !!!
Japanese Coleslaw
Pad Thai, a classic well done is hard to beat!
Christmas Kielbasa.
Cinnamon, vanilla, and almond extracts
Oreo Graveyard Pots
little sandwiches with garden tomatoes
Chicken Liver with Onions and Garlic
Some meats with rice, potato, roasted tomato
Tonkatsu Curry Udon
Apple Cider
Beef Burger
I made chicken katsu ramen. Tried to get a decent pic.
Chocolate ganache filled cookie cups with Oreo buttercream
A Pulled Pork Poutine
, doner kebab
Cassoulet
Caldo de pollo
a Honeycomb and Caramel Doughnut.
a grilled donut burger, with cheddar cheese fondue, bacon and fries on the side
Fish Finger Butty
Ran out of buns, but I'm not mad at this.
Pumpkin Cheesecake
Seafood Paella
Blackberry Waffles
red thai curry
Maskless Man Shoves Anytime Fitness Gym Trainer in Viral Video - Newsweek
schnitzel, cabbage, spätzle, and fried potatoes
white pizza with bacon and pepperoni with a garlic bread crust.
https://ift.tt/36n93Ej
Ducks in a barrel chocolate cake.
Lemon Meringue tart with candied lime &amp; Banoffee Pie
A “Meats-A-Pizza” with ham, pepperoni, bacon, sausage, and salami
My grandpa made this I just wanted to post it because it looks amazing!! It’s for my brothers 18th birthday. He loves music!
Kura-zushi
Rabbit stew with fingerling potatoes, pearl onions and vegetables. Six hours on low in the crock pot.
Bacon 2 ways: Open faced Bacon, tomato, avo sandwiches and rice paper vegan bacon, with a side of soft scrambled eggs. (Not pictured: hot stack of ube mochi pancakes) Saturday's are for brunching c:
Nutri Kulcha (Indian street Food)
tandoori chicken
A simple pasta dinner
Sautéed veggies in hung curd with purple cabbage... on toast
Pasta with spicy vodka sauce.
Tasty Indian Tandoori-Curry Chicken
Scalloped potatoes I made for Thanksgiving.
Spinach with plum and meat
Applewood smoked 4" cheesecake w/brandy raspberry compote, candied mint &amp; salted dark chocolate - My own creation.
Filipino barbecue pork and grilled zucchini
Walnut Cakes with adzuki beans. My daughter and I make these walnut cakes, they are delicious and melt in our mouth.
New Year spread for 2. Cheese, paté, chutneys, and a nice bottle of Port.
Beef Wellington on a bed of whole grain mustard mash and asparagus
Spicy Italian Sausage with Rigatoni in Vodka Sauce
Bạn cần mua ngay máy xay giò chả công nghiệp 30kg 2 lớp nếu có nhu cầu xây dựng dây chuyền làm giò chả chuyên nghiệp quy mô lớn để phân phối toàn quốc và xuất khẩu. Máy xay công nghiệp 30kg vừa sản xuất được số lượng lớn, nhanh chóng, lại đảm bảo tiêu chuẩn chất lượng. Làm
Packer brisket
Pesto Chicken Pasta
Christmas Charcuterie
Fresh cut veggies
KFC
This guy made  Pumpkin Spice Bologna and Mortadella and a charming video.
Boneless Leg of Lamb marinated and roasted with garlic and parsley.
Annie’s shells and cheese with added white cheddar
Pan seared sockeye salmon with wild rice waffles, a candied shallot and Beaujolais reduction topped with pea shoots
beef, pepper, and cumin stirfry
This waffle Cooper sharp cheese and bacon sandwich with syrup is on point!!
Ribs and Chicken Legs
9 Grain Sourdough
Chili dogs and tater tots.
Cream Cheese stuffed French Toast
Chili Tilapia with asparagus abd rice
Java plum sorbet
medium rare, emphasis on the rare, tenderloin cooked on a Weber kettle
Not-a-Charcuterie
chocolate mousse
Mac &amp; cheese
Corner Taco Riverside
Store bought buns, grass-fed hand formed patty, fried egg, cheddar, red onion, tomato, lettuce, aioli and smashed avocado.
Roasted duck leg and potato gnocchi
bavarois cake best way to say i love you
Star Wars Blueberry Pie
boiled fish in szechuan suace
Chicken and cheddar bay biscuit waffle with sausage gravy and hot honey drizzle.
Bought a new generator and thoroughly reading the instructions.
Mini cheese and spinach dip cobloafs.
Rolled omelette, venison steak with black currant and blueberry sauce and beer battered shrimp
Cinnamon Rolls
Queso Birria Tacos.
The most famous Turkish dessert , Baklava .
Testing some things. Indonesian Sambal glazed fried chicken sandwich.
Been getting into Poke Bowls recently
The Prefect Christmas Royal Icing Sugar Cookies / Quick &amp; Easy RECIPE
White Chocolate Cardamom Cake
Yakiniku pork, stir fried bok choy, hot and sour grouper fillet, steamed rice
Chicken marbella
Roast Dinner Pizza Style
Chocolate Chip Cookies
Chocolate Pancakes with Golden Delicious Apples and Chunky Almond Butter Topping
Receta de vieiras gratinadas en salsa marinera
Chicken Parmesan and Garlic Broccoli
bacon egg and cheddar cheese with a hash brown and fried jalapeños
Dalgona (shugar candy)
broccoli and cheddar soup
Basanti (yellow) pulao with Mutton Curry
lamb head cooking
Sweet and Savory Ricotta Toast
Amazing 🦃 just pulled off the smoker. May flash fry it...
eggs Benedict with fried green tomato
pork ribs. Excuse the pupper, she did get leftovers.
Pasta with Meatballs in slow cooked Marinara, topped with whipped ricotta.
Just wanted to share this picture of an empty field with you
Thai green curry
Chocolate chip cookie cake.
Grilled ribeye with herb goat cheese butter.
a bacon and pastrami burger
stuffed shells and garlic bread
Crunchwrap Samosas- Roasted spiced potatoes and chicken in a tortilla topped with crumbled goat cheese and parsley
3-meat, 3-cheese Lasagna
https://ift.tt/2M4xdN1
the Lovely Logans: Rice Krispies Treats Recipes | Easy and Delicious Snack
Probably The Perfect Cappuccino.
Scalloped potatoes with oven baked salmon
breakfast quesadilla with roasted salsa and avocado
chinese scallion bread
Friend made Charcuterie assortment
Tripleta Sandwich
pecan sticky bun
Chicken Katsu with roasted Soy &amp; Mirin Delicata Squash and Steamed Rice
12-hour, slow-smoked brisket
Peanut Chicken
kimchi scallion takoyaki, black garlic okonomiyaki sauce, kewpie mayo , housemade furikake
My girlfriend and I stayed by ourselves for Thanksgiving but I still cooked enough for leftovers.
Fluffy Blueberry Pancakes
Oatmeal!
Kangaroo burgers w' murican cheese (homemade)
6 mini tacos in downtown L.A.
Barbecued chicken breast with mushroom and roasted red pepper linguine in garlic butter sauce
Beef &amp; Vegetable Soup w. Chili Oil.
pasta with homemade alfredo sauce and chicken.
Kitakata Ramen
Cod on a bed on cilantro cabbage slaw
Smoked Pork Belly (2.5 hours into smoke)
Sous vide Korean short rib and sides
corned and smoked Buffalo sandwich with goat cream cheese and blackberry chutney
Peri-Peri Tortilla Chips with Sour Cream and Onion Dip...
Ricotta, spinach, and mushroom stuffed shells with marinara.
Naan, fresh chorizo, caramelized onions, goat cheese, arugula &amp; balsamic drizzle pizza
Spaghetti Squash Burrito Bowls
The PERFECT Pancake
Korean BBQ at home (sides are homemade, pork not so much)
air fried Jamaican jerk chicken wings with a habanero blue cheese dippy
Coffee and dark rum guimauves.
Emergency food
Spring rolls. noodles and homemade daikon &amp; carrots pickles
Smoked Cheese and Chicken Nachos
Vegetarian Shepherd's Pie
Perfect poached egg.
Mashed potatoes balls.
Chakkera Pongali Recipe Telugu చక్కెర పొంగలి అమ్మ వారికీ 9 వ రోజు ప్రసాదం రెసిపీ
Chicken Marsala
Beef Wellington, pommes purée, marble glazed carrots, pickled pearl onions
Tacos al pastor with guacamole
Chicken n’ Dumplings
rose apple pie
This Bacon Egg and Cheese with Home Fries
Sourdough Baguettes
Avocado jalapeño smash burger
Canned Chutney.
graham cracker "crack", chocolate brownies and sugar cookies
Cauliflower Rice, Chickpea curry, cumin fried pointed gourd and potato with salad.
OC Spouse made Hamantashen, then traditional cookie of Purim, which is in 2 days
Grilled Cheese sandwich!
Is your Dog Misbehaving? A simple training strategy that… Develops your Dog's"Hidden Intelligence"
Grilled pork chop &amp; kielbasa sausage, home fried potatoes and peas
smoked st Louis ribs.
Free
salmon, rice and veggies
Ribeye with shrimp
2 pound “can-can” pork chop with cherry kaffir coconut sauce, and fried fingerling potatoes
I ate “” Cooking campfire chicken
Emergency food idea
The Pioneer Woman's Dr Pepper pulled pork with grits
Thai green curry with little to no authentic ingredients
prime rib, potatoes, and string beans.
Chicken Macaroni
Applewood Smoked Ribs
Cantonese roast pork
Persian Love Cake and Walnut Cookies
Pumpkin ravioli with french style green beans and a chicken tomato sauce.
how to change gmail password 2020
Best Indian Cuisine in Des Moines
decadent chocolate cupcakes with Baileys Buttercream
Beef carpaccio with Parmesan, arugula sprouts and Dijon mustard vinaigrette
Toad in the Hole (or Toad in't Hole where I'm from)
Venison Wellington!
BBQ an Buffalo fried chicken sandwiches
Espresso yellow cake with pastry cream filling and whipped cream
Banana chocolate loaf.
Home-built hero: Clemson grad goes viral on TikTok for handmade Iron Man suit - Greenville News
Lahmajoun
Charcuterie for New Year’s
pasta salad
It's not much, but it's honest work
Beef udon noodles in dashi broth with shichimi togarashi and sriracha.
Mashed Potato Stuffed Swedish Meatballs
Limoncello Cheesecake
Toro sashimi and Tekkamaki
Breakfast taco!
Healthy sunday brunch : high quality french ham, homegrown eggs, and fat free and sugar free banana pancakes topped with organic honey.
Strawberry-Cherry cheesecake
This is how I get down, and when I say “I”, I mean daddy. #KighsKitchen
Grilled Chicken Tikka!
Old family annual tradition, Christmas pizza
MARKET LIVE: Indices decline in volatile session
wheat/rye bread
Creamy Cake
Miniature Beef Wellington
Brioche french toast with cherry compote, whipped cream and bacon
attempt at a Jack Skellington sourdough loaf
Tagliatelle with Swedish meatballs and cream sauce
BBQ pulled pork nachos with aged white cheddar and smoked gouda
Tomato basil soup
Pineapple Upside Down Cake &amp; Cranberry Orange Walnut Muffins
chocolate lava cakes with espresso creme anglaise
Neapolitan Pizza Dough
Beef Finger Ribs
NY Times Chocolate Babka.
Beef soup
rasmalai recipe
potato with egg
Wholewheat spelt, dark rye and milled golden flaxseeds sourdough
Butter-basted ribeye, with pasta and a small veggie stir-fry.
Cinnamon toast crunch
chicken fried steak with gravy (ik its thick) and frozen garlic green beans.
Thanksgiving spread
Buddae Jjigae (Korean Army Base Stew)
Chickpea &amp; Zucchini Vegan Curry
Pork Xiao Long Bao
Ăn HOT"DOG" của Grinch và NGƯỜI TUYẾT cho Bữa Sáng - Kluna Tik eating AS...
Creamy Mushroom Pasta
Oven Pot Roast w/ veggies
Hamburger with roasted sweet potatoes
Yummiest delicious drool worthy Chocolate Cookies
Celebratory Flan
emergency food
Lu Rou Fan (Taiwanese Braised Pork Belly over Rice), Sliced Tofu Salad, Pickled Cucumbers
chocolates
Hungarian mushroom soup
Chicken Korma
Shredded chicken tacos 🌮😋😍
Sponge cake, filling is raspberry jam, vanilla buttercream frosting and covered in fondant.
Siakoy , a filipino delicacy
Ahi poke stuffed endive with wild foraged radish flowers miners lettuce and goat cheese.
Steak and Chimichurri
Yeast-Raised Maple Doughnuts
Quick fried rice lunch with a fried egg
Japanese Savory Egg Custard, Chawanmushi
Nakuul Mehta shares viral video of Meryl Streep, says its actually Kangana Ranaut in disguise: Raw talent - Hindustan Times
Orange Chicken with plain rice
Farfalle and sourdough crusted chicken tender
Old Fashioned Pickled Eggs
Condensed Milk
Dimsum. Just random talk while eating DIM SUM on Christmas
Chicken Chasseur
Japanese bacon?!?
My Uber Eats tonight.  Chicken tikka masala &amp; a chicken samosa.
"" a Meatball Sub
Oven Roasted Kale Chips
pizza.
Yes, a flew
In-form Rishabh Pant may return in playing XI for England T20I series - Times of India
Lobster tail and carne asada
Today I added basil to my spaghetti and it was out of this world good!
Curry chicken masala pizza
Gumbo made with Conecuh sausage
Yu Xiang eggplant and pork
Reversed seared ribeye. Came out more of a medium well rather than medium rare like I was aiming for, but muchas gracias to the folks at r/cooking that helped me out!
microgreens
Beef Nachos!
Mushroom ‘Asada’ Tacos with Pistachio Gremolata
7 Health Benefits Of Drinking Beer - Your Earth Today
Extracts; Marshmallow, Banana, Raspberry&amp;Dragonfruit,Rootbeer,Orange&amp;Cognac, Mint.
Apple &amp; Chocolate Cake with bourbon caramel
Samgyupsal
Whole Wheat Artisinal Bread
Dinuguan (Pork Blood Stew)
Jack Daniels rib glaze
Half white/half red via outdoor pizza oven
Ground Elk Chili on a chilly day
Sun Dried Tomato Pesto
mini blueberry muffins
A collection of chocolate sugar cookies for Valentines
Christmas dinner! Surf &amp; turf
full English tray bake
Cinnamon Walnut Povitica
Coronavirus News LIVE Updates: Centre issues Letter of Comfort to Bharat Biotech for 45 lakh doses of... - Moneycontrol
2 delicious top round steaks I made for dinner.
Pineapple Upside Cake
Spiced chicken tacos with avocado and honey lemon corn salsa
Pork Tonkotsu Ramen
Spicy chicken ramen
Chance to win $500 Panera gift card and more just hit link and put your email
Bacon Glazed Meat Loaf
BBQ Chicken Naan
Sandwich with some good black forest ham
seafood Broth
Full Nepalese meal of Dal, roti, tarkari, momo, rice and pickles
Tuna Mayo Onigiri
tea :
Cream sauce with spinach, tomatoes, and mushrooms, over penne. Topped with roasted chicken.
Oceanhorn: Chronos Dungeon Now Playable on Apple Arcade - Gadgets 360
Sad of venison with blackberries &amp; sweet potato
spiced apple cider
Korean inspired wings
Spicy Chicken Sandwich with Homamde Yukon Gold Fries
Biden moves to give low-income families more money to buy food - POLITICO
Haddock Ochasuke
Pumpkin Roll
Homemade pakora with tamarind chutney. Pakora is a popular Indian snack which is similar to Japanese vegetable tempura but pack with flavor. I love Indian food and learning how to cook them!
Pizza with fresh mushrooms and onions and garlic dill cream cheese wells
chicken feet stock
Crab Rangoon, spring rolls and won tons, ready for deep frying.
Dry Aged Beef BBQ
Baileys &amp; White Chocolate Cheesecake
dek taco
pan roasted chicken thigh with steamed broccoli, quinoa and carrot purée
crusty bread
Cinnamon Raisin Sourdough Bread
Traditional beef stew
Apple Pie + Rosemary Whipped Cream
Cheeseburger, fries, and orange float.
Coffee "disc" eclair with chocolate whipped ganache and pistachios.
Mutton Stir Fry with Macaroni
Eating log
Best Chicken Fried Rice at Just 60 Indian Rupees in Guwahati, Assam
Wife is pregnant with our first... I think our pup, Bandit, is onto us.
slow smoked brisket
Second attempt at  70% hydration, no knead pizza
Lunar New Year Yu-sheng
Christmas special plum cake(my mom made it but she is too shy to post it over here)
Low Carb Cheesecake Brownies
cast iron potato and black bean nachos
Charcuterie board with Handmade Salami, prosciutto. Apple cider pickled apples. Assorted cheeses and almonds and microgreens
Bo Ssam
Beef jerky
Marine Loaf
Boiled Shrimp and Potatoes
BBQ Pork bierock.
spanakopita!
Simple Sandwich
Miso Soup with Enoki, tofu and seaweed
Shish taouk with toum
a Greek salad a day keeps the hunger away.
""Mushroom gravy | Mushroom gravy spicy | How to make mushroom curry | Mus...
school’s Tuesday chicken wings with a bento from home which contains chicken drumsticks
Shrimp and veggie tempura with miso aioli.
Macaroni soup with a spicy twist.
Greek Chicken and Lemon soup (with macaroni pasta). I’m not greek but I love the soup! Not sure exactly what’s in the original recipe though, the macaroni is an addition I made because I was craving pasta ☺️
Chocolate Raspberry Tart
Lemon Avocado Cilantro Pasta Salad.
Confit Byaldi (ratatouille)
Spatchcock Chicken and Potatoes
Roasted Acorn Squash Pizza
easy semolina sweet dish hope you like
butternut squash ravioli with crab meat vodka sauce
Carroll Shelby’s chili and corn bread muffin
Kenji's Ultimate Smash burger
Veggie Nachos
Simple Fish Curry // எளிமையான மீன் குழம்பு
Strawberry Pie
Chocolate Christmas Cookies
wood-fired pulled-pork pizza, with a local cider.
Oven-baked pizza
Christmas charcuterie
Tripe quesadilla with guacamole
Proper Turkey Sandwich
pasta fagioli
pot roast and garlic mashed potatoes
I made onion rings cuz I was bored
Sausage and Bacon Everything Bagel with Egg and Cheese
tuna poke
lemon meringue layer cake with fresh berries
vanilla buns
Stone Roti
S'mores
Feast for my family
creamy mac n’ cheese
Special Brownies with Pecans
Seafood Mousse
Korean-Style Ground Turkey
Avocado Toast w/Roasted Red Peppers and Goat Cheese
Pickle Chips
Pizza Alla Norma with spinach, ricotta, pesto and parmigiano reggiano.
Cinnamon Roll Apple Pie
Smoked chicken wings and then grilled to make them crispy
Sous vide New York Strip, and fresh cut French fries:
Seen a lot of Birria tacos on the sub lately so I thought I’d post the Birria ramen I made instead.
These Containers Stack So You Can Carry an Entire Meal in One Hand🍲🥤Lockitplates.com
Hot smoked maple glazed salmon
Beef Wellington
Mushroom risotto with parmesan.
What is this recipe called?
Miniature Brioche
gluten free brownie
Onion smash burgers with smoked paprika oven fries
Autumn Appeltaart
crab salad burger
A cheesecake chimichanga.
Left over naan breakfast pizza
Deer ribs with elderberry and rosemary cooked on butter
Butter Chicken Pie @ Auckland Markets
Honey Salmon
Chocolate Pi Pie
Panera Orange Scones
Maritozzi Romani. A traditional Italian dessert
Bangers and mash with carmelized onions and beef gravy
Hawaiian style pork hash (Shumai)
Beef Wellington, tested my nerves making it for the first time for Christmas dinner.
A powerful tool to show you what the future hold for you and how to welcome more
Spinach Poori, Around 400 Poori's were made by my mother which is donated to underprivileged.
chocolate bourbon pecan pie
Chicken alfredo with fresh pasta
charcuterie
Beef Stroganoff
bacon-wrapped water chestnuts with soy and brown sugar.
Cheese burger 👍
Trial run Pork Wellington for Christmas this year. Tender, juicy, affordable and most importantly, delicious.
St. Louis style toasted ravioli
Muffins !!!
Seafood paella
Macadamia Tart. Simple but tasty
Chicken, Mushroom &amp; Asparagus Risotto
King Cake Are you guys ready for tomorrow?!
Brisket, pico and pineapple tacos
Merry brisket, everyone!
brownie sundae with passionfruit, coconut gelato, and cashew brittle
Seared Cinta Senese Pork Loin with Loaded Mashed and Broccolini.
Chicken parmesan
Fried rice with smoked pork
pancakes topped with white chocolate brownie pieces, caramelised banana, Nutella and toasted marshmallows
White Castle Sliders
My  vietnamese spring rolls 💖
Buffalo chicken wrap and fries
Lamb Liver Pâté
baby back ribs and fettuccine alfredo for new years eve
caraway and dried fruit biscuits with sweet cream butter
Blueberry and Lemon Yogurt Cake
Wood oven roasted Lobster
Vegan pumpkin &amp; cashew curry with roti, roast pumpkin and coconut rice
Fried chicken sandwich on homemade bread
Meat.
Pumpkin Spice Cinnamon Rolls + Maple Buttercream Frosting
Chicken Ramen
Little girl thinks everything is hand sanitiser station, adorable video goes viral - The Indian Express
salmon carpaccio
Artisan Rolls
Decadent Cinnamon Rolls
classic Chicago style pizza with pepperoni and extra cheese. Had six Chicago orders in an hour
made star wars cookies
Oreo cookie brownies
Sous Vide Wagyu Sirloin w/ greens
Jalapeño poppers with black raspberry jam
Chocolate cake
- Tortilla Pizza
Tuna/Catnip Treats Your Cat Will Love, Only 3 Ingredients
Grilled double cheeseburger
Cubano Sandwich from El Cochinito
Misto di Pollo Bianco
Deep Fried Chicken Wings Recipe | How to Make Perfect, Crispy Chicken Wings! “”
Clams, white wine sauce, bread
Beef enchiladas
Chili dog
Blueberry compote peach chiffon cake with whipped cream
risotto
Okonomiyaki in Hiroshima
sausage, pepperoni, &amp; mushroom pizza
Pan Pizza with pepperoni and mushrooms with baked on Parmigiano on Freshly made dough.
Cacio E Pepe Pizza!
How To Make The Classic Italian Tiramisu +  ladyfingers
Rose thandai
Enfrijoladas
Korean Chicken Tikka Massala
Sunny side up eggs, crispy bacon, sourdough toast
zebra cheesecake
Shrimp Rice Peppers
Pineapple Cheesecake.
upside down Shepard’s pie with scalloped potatoes
Sichuan Hotpot
a nice burger
Scalloped Potato, Ham, Mushroom, Jalapeno, and Cheese Casserole
* **** Brisket almost ready to pull.
chicken curry with paprika
I made a nice  chicken burger with barbecue sauce. Tell me if you want the recipe
Pork belly yakisoba topped with a fried egg and chili oil
Peanut chicken and rice. Part 2 of korean spicy chicken. Switched out the soy sauce to peanut sauce.
Grilled Bacon
Garlic Parmesan Fries
Spicy Cold Kimchi Noodles
oyster mushroom chips
- Walnut Sticky Buns
Fried beef with sticky rice and scallion
Sloppy Joes! Who remember these from back in the day? I still love them, taste so good.
Tamagoyaki (Sweet Omlet)
Breakfast player whether
Salmon with Maple glaze and Pecan Pie
Brought in the new year with some surf n’ turf
Korean air-fried chicken tenders
Veg Dum Biryani I am always craving for this, can't stop eating when I am served with this recipe. Recipe at www.recipesbykp.com
white pizza, mozzarella, goat cheese, Parmesan and sharp provolone, roasted mushroom, thyme and honey truffle
Chicken Madeira Over Garlic Mashed Potato
Focaccia Bread!
Sorry no banana for scale
A boneless baby back rib sandwich with gochujang glaze, quick pickles, and cilantro that I’ve coined as a Banh MiRib
Blueberry Breakfast Cake
Zucchini Bake with Tuscan Herbs and Fennel
Meatballs and Sauce
Spicy orange beef.
Popovers
Scotch Egg
Spinach and feta stuffed chicken
Smoked Bacon Pizza
crab cake eggs Benedict
Smoked Brisket
Buffalo chicken meatballs
Seafood&amp;Chicken Paella
Crumpets.
Chili cheese fries
Hash brown waffles
Lasagna Bolonese
Surf and Turf (ribeye, Dungeness crab cakes, smoked salmon toast)
Sous vide &amp; smoked prime rib.
Thai grilled chicken &amp; pork, papaya salad and sticky rice
Heartattack burger &amp; fries
Modified Goo Goo Cluster Brownies.
BST
Austrian Beef Stew with egg noodles, dill, and sour cream
Enchiladas and Mexican Rice
Low Country Boil in New England
Beef Wellington, Cheesy Potato, asparagus
Crawfish etouffee with leftover Louisiana boiled crawfish tails
Honey wheat bushman bread
Carnitas Tacos 🌮
crabapple/rosemary/gin tonic
a monster steak!!
Palacinka
The Sloppy Joseph
Gigi Hadid's spicy pasta alla vodka
Swedish Meatballs in a Mushroom Sauce with Spirali Pasta.
Bourbon chocolate frosted birthday cupcakes
Tiramisu
Come my channel and get more cooking videos
Peach bourbon streusel cheesecake
The Forager, a mushroom and pancetta pizza with a creamy garlic sauce, Nashville Hot Chicken, a pizza made like a Nashville hot chicken sandwich with slaw on the side, from Hill and Holler, and fried oysters from Silver Dragon.
Eight Piece Pizza
Miniature village miniature food
Magret de canard (duck breast) from southwest of france with garlic and rosemary
Meatloaf Cake
https://ift.tt/2YrDo05
Torching the sugar to form a crust on my Creme Brûlée
Advantage of  food
Orange Roughy with Lemon Pepper Cream Sauce
Strip steak
Some strawberries covered in choc’
sweet and savory waffle board
Alaskan Halibut, Scalloped Potatoes, and Brussel Sprouts
Savory Pesto Swirls
Christmas orange cake
Lemon Loaf Cake!
Beef Wellington for Christmas Dinner
short ribs glazed in Luxardo cherry demi with bleu cheese grits, charred carrot and mushroom
Its my cake day today. Here is a pic of a roasted pork I made. Crispy Pork style. Yuuuumy
SOURDOUGH
Tuscan Pork and Ricotta Pasta Bake
Kimchi Dumplings
Montreal steak seasoned cheeseburger on a butter toasted bun with fixings with a side of jalapeno chips
Poached Eggs with Spinach Mushrooms and Bacon atop an English Muffin
schnitzel penne pasta cream and truffle
Mini churros and dark chocolate ganache over (store bought) vanilla bean ice cream
Sous vide steak with a cooler
So this happened
Peanut curry chicken
Doro wot, misir wot, and injera.
Falafel
Fresh Cranberry, Jicama, Pecan Salad
A box of rainbow cookies from the bakery
My first attempt at Filipino Pancit Canton with chicken and shrimp
kolache with pumpkin spice filling
Vegan steak I made with homemade green chilli sauce. (The red is Siracha but I want to make my own red chilli sauce one day) I also grew the herbs myself.
Sweet Bread
Chilaquiles with egg
Cajun dirty rice, w/ spicy, andouille sausage
Antipasti Board
Buttermilk and bacon grease cornbread in cast iron.
sushi maki
potatoe hash with a poached egg and chicken tenders
Medium rare steak
Veg hakka noodles noodles recipe,street style noodles recipe
Steak and roast potatoes with béarnaise sauce
Chicken Empadas
Jalapeño and cucumber pickles in dill pickling liquid
Smoked jerk chicken with habanero garlic sauce
Margherita pizza with roasted garlic
Pepperoni and Feta Pizza.
Carrot and Coriander Soup
Chinese Green Chicken Curry
New Orleans style BBQ shrimp
Birria Quesatacos
The Most Cursed Pizzas
Filet mignon topped with rosemary, thyme, and garlic butter. A side of roasted potatoes.
No-knead bread
smoked turkey
Lobster Pappardelle in a Champagne Cream Sauce
Vampire Killer Burger
Loaded Philly Fries
""Make Hummus the original way 1
Smoked some Dino Ribs.
super delicious beef Lo Mein
Strategies for Navigating a Complicated Packaging Marketplace - Total Food Service
beef brisket
whole wheat Burger Buns - I pretend I'm being healthy :)
Charcuterie! From our autumn themed dinner party
pocky as a marshmallow roasting stick
egg rice
apple cake
Dark and Orange Chocolate Cookies
Warbat
Meatball subs with veggies and olive oil (center and right) Served with Arnold Palmer
Chocolate Mousse with whipped cream
Lemon Blueberry Cake; made by me
Shrimp Aglio e Olio
Wagyu tomahawk steak
Fresh Mozzarella Pizza
Chocolate chip cookies wrapped in hot waffles
Wings Sous Vide then Fried with Go-chu-jang Sauce
Rogan Josh
beet focaccia
I made  fries with Panko fried hushpuppies, shrimp and scallops.
beef and broccoli
Scotch Eggs
milk chocolate brownies.
Tomato Taccozzelle Pasta with White Lamb Ragout and Mushrooms
Pork Belly Stuffed Chicken Wings w/ Honey Chili Crisp Glaze
Thai Chicken Pizza
Imbukubka - a Libyan dish!
halibut, carrots and green beans
Broiled Lobster Tail, Steamed Artichoke, Baked Potato and Sourdough Rolls.
M&amp;m cookie.
Cheesecake with strawberry jam
a nice ribeye
Venison Bolognese w/ Rigatoni
Roasted Brussel Sprouts, Runny Egg and Bacon
hand pies
beef Wellington with peppercorn cream sauce, mashed potatoes, and green beans
Oven Baked Wings
Always been fascinated by Asian cuisine. My take on a poké bowl!
Sally Duck Birthday Cake
Strip Steak and Bone Marrow Sandwich
Homemade charcuterie board
Loaded Hashbrowns
dumpling and chili sauce
Biscotti
Meatballs and pasta!
Enchiladas Verde
I know it don’t look like much but this is homemade sweet potato and bacon agnolotti with a sage cream sauce, it was pretty good for a 15 year old. Only took me 11 hours to prep and make
Steak Frites with Cherry Tomato Reduction
My abuelita makes 500  of her teaching me how to make them while telling her life's story. ¡Disfruta!
Whelsh Rarebits
a few of my collard greens to see how they were coming along. They taste amazing, and are pesticide free. (I’m not vegan btw). I would encourage people to eat stuff like this as it is as healthy as it gets.
Korean fried chicken with sticky sauce, pickled daikon and jalapeno
Rice Noodles.
Momma's god tier chicken &amp; rice (middle Eastern style)
sourdough pancakes with beef tongue
Hong Kong Egg Tarts (蛋撻)
- Lemon Meringue Pie
Rump Steak
16oz Filet
Racial harmony.....in donut form
Pork Ribs and Yellow Potato Salad.
Chicken Suya
Shepheards Beef Stew
Chopped cheese on a brioche roll
strawberry cheesecake
My initial attempt with cauliflower pizza crust. It came out absolutely delicious!
Grilled cheese sandwich. Ingredients: Sourdough bread, tomato, baby avocado, Gruyere and Reading Raclette cheeses. Let’s eat! :)
Popcorn with fresh Corn - Important Trick
Cinnamon Roll Pastries
hotpot from a box
Millennial pizza
Dubu Jorim! (Braised Tofu)
Chilli garlic prawns
https://ift.tt/2LPgzke
Bacon and Veggie Quiche
Crab cakes with Remoulade sauce
The most perfect banana bread I've ever made.
16” pepperoni pizza
Peanut Butter Mousse Crunch Cake
A basic sourdough boule
Chocolate Chip Cookie Cupcakes 🍪
I would like to share this
Spicy Pork Belly Sandwich with Crackling
Mushroom, egg &amp; cheese on an everything bagel
Singapore-style Ramen noodles
Hоw Fresh Baked Bаnаnа Brеаd Hеlреd Mу Buѕіnеѕѕ Our fаmіlу hаvе owned аnd operated оur ѕmаll family ѕtуlе rеѕtаurаnt fоr оvеr fіftееn уеаrѕ now, ѕеrvіng up sweetbreads lіkе Baked Bаnаnа Brеаd to оur guest as раrt оf their meals, whіlе wе are рrеttу ѕuссеѕѕful аnd hаvе a gооd dеfіnеd direction, wе
avocado toast with over medium eggs
cookie cake
Coffee Jelly Dessert
I ate crispy-crunchy  Vidalia Onions
Not the prettiest plating, but made some  chicken parm using Babbish's recipe.
Boeuf Bourguignon w/ Mashed Potatoes &amp; Bacon-Garlic Mushrooms
Mezze maniche alla vodka
the baked goods my grandma mailed me
charcuterie board
Spaghetti with san marzano tomato sauce
Spicy Egg Curry and Basmati Rice
Soup with leftover turkey and vegetables I farmed.
So với dòng máy làm xúc xích 3L thủ công thì máy nhồi xúc xích bằng tay 5L cũng cùng chức năng... Chất lượng phù hợp với nhu cầu gia đình và các cơ sở nhỏ làm xúc xích, lạp xưởng. Chỉ khác biệt là kích thước máy và năng suất mỗi mẻ lớn hơn.
Bread and Butter Pudding
reindeer and gingerman cookies
Braised short rib rigatoni for our anniversary!
Grilled Cheese on Homemade Bread
French boule &amp; Kale, Bean, Chicken Soup
Shrimp Etouffee over Fried Tilapia
Simple slow-cooker, street-style chicken tacos

Mix Chiken Pancit Canton and Bihon
SRF Wagyu Tri-Tip
SEC
Sushi
Pan Fried New Potatoes with Gremolata Style Seasoning
NYC style Deli sandwich
Eggs, Guac and Turkey Bacon on an English Muffin
PINEAPPLE on Pizza
Steamed Bun filled with Sous vide short-rib, mayonnaise and scallions
Cheeseburger
meatloaf in the making
Parmasan polenta, cauliflower and beef
Cheese &amp; Potato Bread Roll
Romanesco

sukiyaki
Got a pound of beef and made 2 half pounders with it for me and my lady.
crustless ham, spinach, mushroom, and onion quiche
Christmas Eve dinner BlackBerry Hosin Chicken, butternut squash, and broccoli Strawberry feta salad with Vidalia onion dressing The charcuterie board consisted of salami, prosciutto, goat cheese, pepper jack, cold hollow cider blackberry jam and maple horseradish stone ground mustard
Detroit style pizza
Surf and Turf
Cast iron pan pizza
egg salad sandwich with tater totes and ketchup
Impeachment isn't the final word on Capitol riot for Trump - The Associated Press
yummy crockpot pot roast made by me!
Cooked rice with puffed rice.
Palak Pakoda ( fast!) | never seen before Indian breakfast
Chocolate babk
Wipro, Telecom Companies, Coal India: Top Stocks for Investors for March 9 - News18
Egg sausage and cheese croissant sandwich
Swedish meatballs (Homemade)
Egg rice brunch
Korean corn dog
Shepherds Pie
cheddar mac and cheese
Homemade Grandma’s muffins
Pad Krapow Gai
purple sweet potato chips, popcorn shoots, roast cajun cauliflower
Lamb and well presented leftover pasta
Spätzle, Eggs, Bacon, and Chives
Creamy Tomato Soup with Bread
Cinnamon Toast Crunch Treat with Homemade Dulce de Leche
Chicken BBQ for Dinner
Fridge clean out burger
Japanese soufflé pancakes
thanksgiving 🦃
Mac 'n' Cheese
creamy veggie and cheese ravioli! Served over mashed potatoes.
Chipotle deep fried chicken and bacon burger with fries
Bacon Cheddar Burger with Gouda on a Brioche bun
Orange Chicken and Pad Thai. Finally put the Calphalon wok my boyfriend got for Christmas to good use.
Khachapuri
Roasted figs, blackberries and walnuts with brioche, creme fraiche and honey
Burbon peach pecan pie. Age 59, and never attempted making pie before.
Morning Greek Salad
Fried Chicken Wings And Fries!
Pizza with Sujuk -
Stuffed Baked...Thing
Lemon garlic butter shrimp pasta with garlic and red pepper noodles. The bread isn’t homemade though.
pumpkin soup and sourdough sandwich
what one looks better me and a friend had a competition to see who could make a better homemade breakfast sandwich.
blue cheese and chorizo cauliflower cheese
Butternut squash soup with a creme and siracha drizzle and crispy prosciutto crumbles
Steak and Asparagus
Mongolian beef with (gifted, homemade) lumpia. Thanks to kind reddit strangers for the suggestion!
Creamy Ramen with egg and side brussel sprouts! No beef, chicken or pork but still yummy yummy!
vegan corn dogs and fries ~yum~
Burger Buns
pancakes with blueberry topping
Fresh tuna or gummy bears?
Seafood chowder and cheddar tea biscuits
Warning ⚠️: don’t look more than 5 seconds or you will get fat 😂
berry cheesecake crepes
salt baked shrimp
Croissant aux amandes
butterflied leg of lamb pinwheel, with lions mane mushroom stuffing, with a blueberry, mint, rosemary, meyer lemon pan sauce.
Dems prepare for party-line House vote on Biden's pandemic aid bill - POLITICO
My attempt at baguettes
fresh cherry tomatoes and cucamelons
Brandy Milk Punch Cocktail
Chicken Marsala, Spinach, &amp; Asparagus
Cannolis
White sauce pasta
This guy eats some of the tastiest ramen, Black Garlic Ramen!
The "Whole Hog" burger
grandma’s pie from Marinara’s. NYC. Delicious.
Crispy Oven Roasted Chicken Legs and Potatoes
"Clean out the fridge" cast iron pizza: Charcuterie, red onion, serrano peppers, sliced tomato
crumbed chicken over rice with Japanese mayonnaise, teriyaki sauce and corriander.
Focaccia Bread
Buttermilk chicken breast sandwich
cheese chips, tuna salad, cheese sticks, and veggies with cream cheese
tater tot skillet with bacon and cheese
Classic Croissants
chicken fried chicken and sides
YouTube
Titillating Cake
Cannoli, with dark chocolate and chopped pistachio
French Toast!!
drunk street food aka challenging the gods of food poisoning: BBQ squid and deep-fried quail eggs in uh... green wonton wrappers... I think.
Drinking "" snake whiskey in Luang Prabang, Laos
Nuts and Fruit Mooncakes
Mediterranean Lemon Garlic Shrimp with Orzo.
Boba Milk Tea Rolls (Boba Milk tea Version of Cinnamon Rolls")
Turkey and ham is overrated
3-bean chili with cheddar biscuits
Pumpkin Risotto
baby ray's bbq ribs grilled
i made some good juicy burger
Prime Rib on Ciabatta
Vegetarian Spicy Tantanmen (Dan Dan-Inspired Ramen)
a classic Berlin Doner
Pancetta
Wonton soup with homemade everything!
Thai chicken curry
Woven vermicelli with crispy roast pork
Cooter board
Lime-blackberry meringue pie
Espresso Martini Pana Cotta
"" Black Forest Cake | How to Make Black Forest Cake in Home | Black Forest...
sausage, egg and cheese sandwich on toast
Roasted turkey breast/shoulder, I was inspired by the Pernil usually out of pork shoulder from Puerto Rico or Cuba and is made using sofrito base. Sometimes this is called Pavechon in PR. If you'd like the recipe, it's in the comments.
pumpkin pancetta gnocchi
biscuits
Halloween Dog
I microwaved some hot dogs and their all inflated. Should they be inflated btw they were frozen in our freezer. Btw I picked a random flair cause. Reasons btw it’s  I guess
Pasta with meatballs à la façon the moi
Oyakodon ie Japanese chicken and egg rice bowl
Rainbow Cake for my twins birthday
steak spiced well with Chyanne powder.
crispy duck breast.
Cowboy Cornbread Casserole
Hows my homemade fried chicken?
cheese burger with cheddar, caramelized onions and garlic, roasted buns with smoked paprika butter, topped with secret sauce, and with sauce on the side for the roasted wedge fries.
Beef jerky
Duck breast (sous vide) topped with cranberry jam and potato gratin.
That is some good  Thai Curry
Caprese Salad
Bistec encebollado con arroz blanco y tostones
Salt baked rib roast
pepperoni &amp; jalapeño pizza
Paella mixta - Recipe in comments!
The face of hesitation on this doggo
Tater Tot poutine with bacon and caramelized onion.
rosemary smoked chicken, salad of local greens, and a kasha style farro with mixed mushrooms
Christmas morning cinnamon rolls
Rumakis!
salmon salad
Hoisin Sriracha Chicken Wings
100 Layer Lasagne
me and some friends did a “ramen nacho” food challenge this week and these are the results, top one was the winner
Cornish Surf n Turf
cupcakes
shrimp scampi with zoodles
butter basing a steak!
mummy cookies for spooktober!
Zarda Recipe - Easy Zarda Recipe ""
Timballo (hand-made crepes and filled with mince, cheese, freshly simmered tomato sauce)
Snickers Cupcakes
Pumpkin curry over pomegranate sticky rice with homemade mango lassi
Grilled Cheese (Muenster, Gruyere, White Cheddar) with crisped prosciutto and caramelized onions on homemade bread and homemade tomato soup
A little Korean cooking
Sour cream and onion guajillo sourdough brioche rolls.
Lobster and Mussel Fettuccine with a White Wine Sauce
ragda.
Beef Burger, not bad for a novice cook 😂
$5 for your opinion! At what age did you get your cellphone? Help us with our study! ( PayPal / Amazon Gift Card )
meatballs and Sunday gravy
After recreating iconic fast food burgers for my Instagram account, I settled on my own burger of choice. Smashed patty, white American cheese, chopped iceberg lettuce, sliced raw onion, mayo and a toasted, buttered Martin's potato roll 🍔
Nuts, apple, and frisée salad
Ahi Tuna with Fried Rice and garlic chili mayo w/ lime
Egg tart
baked bread
Lox and Bagel in Houston
My wife made apple pie. It was delicious!
Sesame and vegetable stir fry
Gnocchi with smoked blue cheese cream sauce
Scotch egg on crumpet with BBq sauce
Seafood boil
Goose Fat Roast Potatoes
Beef patty mixed with onions &amp; peppers topped with sunny side up egg &amp; cheese seasoned with old bay seasoning &amp; black pepper
a poboy called the peacemaker
cheese salad and broccoli, peppers, mushrooms
Strawberry cheesecake
Pumpkin Pie w/ Whipped Cream
pot roast, mashed potatoes and green beans
Wasabi Sandwich (Tuna)
Purple Sweet Potato Cashew Cream Soup
Sourdough
Tikka Masala skewers and garlic naan
Miso-Champignon Risotto
Turkey Roulade, made sous vide and deep fried, adapted SE method.
Blueberry mini-muffins
Maine lobster wontons in chili oil
Reverse seared filet mignon
STEAK and eggs, + home fries
I ate chef street food  from 20 European countries
Salmon Fillet
Caprese with homemade wild garlic pesto, pumpkin seed oil and Mozzarisella
Spicy short rib Ramen
a beet burger with onion, pickles, arugala, tomatoes and lemon vinaigrette with Parmesan red pepper sautéed broccoli
Cast Iron Grilled Herbed Goat Cheese and Cheddar Sandwich on Sourdough Bread
Paneer butter masala
Beef dumplings in spicy sour soup
pumpkin cake pops
Dungeness crab omelette
Canadian Breakfast
Blueberry and cream cheese babka! Attempt number one, very delicious.
Jalabhi
Popeye’s Spicy Chicken Sandwich w/ french fries.
Wagyu yakiniku sampler
My favourite Asian food.Can you tell the food name?
Snacky Snack -  Boiled Shrimp with Corn (NOLA Boy) ⚜️
Yuca fries
Grilled Chicken with a side of Mashed Potatoes and Sautéed Vegetables
pasta al forno
Grilled Baby back Ribs and Corn
chicken karrage bowl with sriracha Mayo
Nutella crepe cake
How To Make a  Sourdough Starter Recipe
Chicken pot pie filling with biscuits
four cheese ravioli, with panceta, freshly grated Parmigiano cheese, parsley and shrimp in a white wine citrus creamy sauce.
wild giant prawns
cranberry banana bread, cream cheese cookies, peanut butter cheesecake
avocado toast with pecorino and carrots
I ate  American dishes
Chili cheese dogs
Dessert Charcuterie Board
Rosemary Foccaccia
IndiGo Q3 analyst call: Why CEO Ronojoy Dutta skipped Q4 revenue outlook - Moneycontrol
-Meat lovers burger and sweet pots
Smorgasbord
Jägerschnitzel
Black bean, cube steak, hHabanero-Jack burrito, and french omelette, with cultured sour cream, cheddar cheese, spinach and spiced chili oil.
Veal with Swedish Wild Mishrooms.
Chicken Cordon Bleu with mushroom sauce and fries
margarita pizza
prepped two marinades and a chipotle sauce for my birthday taco night
Christmas Pudding
RESTO ARTIS CRAZY RICH!! BELI MAKANAN DAPET EMAS COY!! Twelve Chinese Di...
fried chicken
Cooking Lake fish curry
cinnamon buns with cream cheese glaze
this sausage, peppers, ricotta, and mozzarella calzone
spiced up coffee
Chinese BBQ
£26.50 for 5guys? How about DIY for £8.75. Happy Vallyt's biATCH
charcuterie board
Pepperoni pizza
A greek lunch.
Famous Pork ribs and UNBELIEVABLE Poutine! The Swinery in West Seattle
New York style pizza half pepperoni half cheese.
Lemon Bundt Cake ❤️ 🍋 ❤️
Loaded Southwest Potato Soup
Snack sticks
Cupcake bouquet
Hot butter dosas on a chilly Bangalore morning are match made in heaven!
cast iron pizza
Huevos Rancheros
Breakfast burrito  bacon, eggs, cheese, little rice, salsa, yellow pepper.
Irish Cacio e Pepe with cheddar. The quarantine cantine ain't half bad!
Red Velvet Molten Lava Cake w/ Vanilla Soft Serve
Question. Do you think this oven (gas) is suitable for home pizza baking? Thanks.
Mango sticky rice with toasted sesame seeds and coconut flakes
Pepperoni, Sausage and Jalapeño Pizza
Spaghetti aglio e olio with fresh pasta
Croque monsieur
Buttermilk chicken tacos!
Borgers
Buttermilk Pancake
Chocolate cake. Flourless, sugar free, keto proof.
, How to make Karhi Pakora special Pakistani dish || Food Gala
Sushi and drank gin &amp; elderflower tonic
Full Canadian Breakfast
Pink sprinkle Simpsons donut
Shrimp Peanut Noodles
Flødeboller/marshmallow treats
breakfast tacos with fried egg, cotija, pico, sour cream, and shredded lettuce
Korean bulgogi rice bowl with kimchi, sweet pickled radish, and fried egg
Deep Fried Turkey for NYE. 😋
My  #illPlates avocado toast with all the fixins
Tonkatsu with salad.
Pastitsio
puff pastry cinnamon buns
Phở Bò
Stjerneskud in Denmark.. this was the small one
Triple Chocolate Drip Cake
tomato rice mini food experience, yummy taste :)
roast chicken with cumin, rosemary and garlic.
Spring Celebration Cake
Bourbon Bacon Cheeseburger
Black cocoa cake, vanilla buttercream, black raspberry preserve filling.
Pancake with cooked apple, whipped cream, vanilla ice cream with maple syrup at the bottom
spaghetti
a piece of ginger turned into the shape of Australia as I was enjoying my sushi 🍣 🇦🇺
Ad war: Bombay High Court has restrained Sebamed commercial from all mediums, says HUL - Moneycontrol
Blueberry pie bites
Traeger smoked prime rib leftovers, on a grilled cheddar/jalapeño cheddar sandwich with grilled onions, mustard-horseradish and au jus on the side.
Chicken Noodle soup . I think I made enough for 3 dinners.
collection of some of my favourite dishes I've cooked over the last year.
Cashew Ginger Pork
Chinese beef &amp; broccoli
Watch: An Garda Síochána bust out dance moves in viral video - Irish Examiner
smoked Christmas ham
potato wedges with parmesan and garlic
Shrimp Broil Variation
Chicken roulade with roasted potato, asparagus, and smoked gouda dijon sauce
Seasonal Cobbler Prep
you like this Potato with cheese sauce ""
Bavarian pretzels
Pumpkin lasagna, served in a pumpkin.
Burrito Bowl
Sourdough everything sandwich loaf,  by me with help from my starter, Joan!
Mini Bagel Pizzas
obsessed with this feta cheese pasta dish
fresh local take home steamer bucket.
- same dough, fun with shapes.
Korean marinated eggs
Shakshuka-Breakfast
Vegetarian Pumpkin Lasagna
Peanut soup
MEITY has no information on who developed CoWIN app: RTI reply - MediaNama.com
Halloween Treats!
Zumbo's V8 Cake
Caramelized Kalbi Marinated Korean Ribs
Baklava
slow cooked lamb, mushed peas, goats cheese, pickled greens
Man accidentally walks in on daughter-in-law posing in 'super cute' lingerie, watch viral video - Times Now
shoyu ramen!
My very attempt at ramen.
Spinach,mushroom and parmesan stuffed and rolled pork tenderloin.
poached salmon in my instant pot with salad and garlic bread
Bs&amp;Gs- Gouda Leek Biscuits with Herby Sausage Gravy
Slowcooked Ribs
Cookie Dough Macarons
scallion &amp; cheese omelette with air fried taters &amp; homemade sausage gravy.
velvet cake, chocolate and strawberries
Parmigiano Reggiano cheese, lets !
Black eyed peas, collards and ham. Happy new year.
Garlic Pork Chop w Roasted Asparagus, Veggies + Forbidden Rice
Fluffy Japanese pancakes with eggs, bacon and magic yellow sauce.
Choux au craquelin pistachio creme mousseline fresh raspberry jam. White chocolate mousse with mirror glaze and citrus streusel
Phillipe’s style French Dip, Potato Salad &amp; Spicy Mustard
Chicken Shawarma
I tried using Russian Piping Tips! SUPER cool! Here's what I made! I got one for my Mom too since it's "Buy 1, Get 1 Free". I highly recommend this company since the last one I ordered from scammed me. https://fallfrosting.com/products/easy-frost-piping-set-buy1get1
bacon, Brie cheese burger
Vegetarian sushi!
Australian Wagyu steak
homemade english muffin with sausage, cheese and egg.
Filet Mignon, Latkes, and apple sauce
Soft Sourdough Pretzels w/ Creamy Garlic Aoli
Smoked salmon marinated in a dill vinaigrette, jalapeno cream cheese, red onion, capers
Smoked Fatty Pastrami Sandwich
Veggie scrambled eggs!
Steak Burger with a Waffle bottom
Leftover wagyu A5 with spicy instant noodles topped with fried garlic chips
Colorful and Organic Carrots
Chicken Arrabbiata Stew &amp; Parmesan Dumplings
Helping my wife with her workout while I play Mario64 (sound on)
St. Valentines Day Surf and Turf! Pan seared veal chops w/ steak spiced butter and asparagus accompanied w/ sauté Atlantic Scallops, Jumbo King Crab and Caribbean lobster tail.
stuffed pineapple with shrimp and crab topped with cheese
Breakfast cookies 😀
Braised beef with carrots, peas, and mushroom in a red wine jus. Served with roasted potatoes and sautéed asparagus
Brioche Cinnamon Rolls
Tom Yum soup
turkey and stuffing before and after
S'mores Cookies
Honey Glazed Salmon with asparagus and yellow rice!
a bacon Benny.
Steak that kinda looks like a cows head.
Korean Street Toast
spicy shrimps at tapas bar
harissa, sesame and pistachio chicken
makós and diós bejgli (Hungarian poppyseed and walnut rolls)
Facebook girl post pic of dough she was kneading. I see a footprint in that dough.
Beef Bourguignon over roasted potatoes and a crusty baguette
Baked bacon wrapped water chestnuts with a homemade bbq sauce!
Mediterranean Spread
Spicy Teriyaki Tofu w/Vegetable Fried Rice
BBQ chicken, mashed potatoes, corn
Garlicky lemon chilli tilapia
Knafeh
Venison Burger w Swiss Cheese
Tomato Fried Eggs
, Mahi mahi dumpling (quenelle) easy recipe
Mille-feuille
Vanilla cupcakes with buttercream!
Painted Lemon Sugar Cookies
lasagna (extra ricotta)
black lasagna with spinach mixed in with the homemade ricotta
Italian sausage, mushroom, &amp; creamy tomato sauce remake!
Quán bánh mì không tên hơn 40 tuổi ở Hà Nội

Pasta Al Limone
spicy sausage stuffed mushrooms and Margherita style pizza with fried eggplant on top 😋
Whole Wheat Sourdough
Shrimp Fra Diavolo Price: $2.47 per serving
copycat Osaka Teriyaki chicken, really proud, it tastes just like the chicken from the mall!
butter chicken with naan
Tasty Chicken Kebabs..... YUM!
Merry brisket everyone!
Homemade Gingerbread Mansion
Fried chicken and coleslaw
Grilled Tomahawk Ribeye with chimichurri
“” sunny side up egg on a muffin with some bacon, I’m really proud of myself it was really good
Soy-Dashi Braised Short Ribs
Kung Pao Shrimp and Miso Soup
Tas'iya
salmon wellington tonight after over a year... safe to say i think I still got it. Made with bourbon marinated salmon.
Honey BBQ Grilled Chicken Breast, Grilled Street Corn, and Mac n’Cheese
The best part of Christmas Eve? Leftover lobster makes a wonderful scramble on Christmas Day!
Smoked venison sticks over applewood
Omelette with chilli flakes and sriracha sauce.
Banana Bread🗿
Pork with prune and armagnac sauce
Paprika and Gouda cheese rice
Egg, pepper Jack, bacon, tomato, red onion on a biscuit.
Gordon Ramsay's Wasabi Beef Tacos
Beer Battered Walleye.
Godiva chocolate
Today I  Pot Roast, Cauliflower Alfredo and Pesto Pasta with Grilled Onions and Mushrooms, Roasted Potatoes and Sweet Potatoes, and Garlic Bread.
Cat Lawyers and Salad Bowl Drummers: the Enduring Case for Internet Joy - The Wall Street Journal
Slow-braised red wine lamb chops on chunky garlic mashed potatoes. Bonus points: she said yes!
Glutinous rice dessert
field roast celebration loaf “pot roast”
Spicy Rice w Beans, Guac, Fried Eggs, Mushrooms
Ginger Soy Salmon
Cookie close up
fettucini with Tartufo and mushrooms + cacio e pepe + tenderstem
Mexican burritos with avocado!
Sunday afternoon margarita
blackened tuna tacos
Pan seared garlic rosemary butter, Skirt steak. With Spinach
Jeera Rice with Chana (Chickpea) Masala
Creme brulee cheesecake
Turkey Burger w/ Apple, Cheddar &amp; Cranberry-Brown Mustard
Teriyaki chicken with rice and broccoli
Rosemary Sourdough Bread
Old Fashion Onion Rings with Chunky Blue Cheese dressing
Truly amazing Original Amarena cherries
Mediterranean Lamb with Garlic Turmeric Rice
Chocolate crinkle cookies
Raspberry jelly and dark chocolate block and rum raisin bonbons
Cuttlefish « plancha » grilled with spanish pepper.
My buddy made this delicious Mapo Tofu today. He thinks Reddit is a joke and won't like his food. Help me prove him wrong.
pineapple upside down cake
Cajun Shrimp Tacos with Avocado Cream Sauce
steak and steamed crab legs
Macaroni and cheese with bacon
Pecan pie.
Kugelhopf au Lard
Thai Red Curry Chicken Naan pizza w/ whiskey ginger beer cocktail
Wagyu Tacos with Handmade Salsa Sauce
Mutton kabab with cucumber salad and yoghurt dressing
Pad Thai with shrimp
I baked this lemon cake yesterday!
)
Chicken chile verde tortas. Mixed greens with a honey mustard dressing, roasted carrots and garlic scapes.
Prime rib roast (black pepper, thyme). Redeemed my Christmas fail.

Chicken Breast
Lavender white cupcakes with lemon cream cheese frosting. Topped with a candy lemon!
BQQ Shrimp &amp; Cheesy Grits
tandoori stuffed crust pizza
Coq au vin (chicken and mushrooms cooked in red wine)
Indian burger! (Vadapav)
Spicy Creamy Curry
caqlories in Dairy and Egg Products
My Bahn Mi
Seared sea scallops with mushroom &amp; asparagus risotto
non traditional lasagna with hand made noodles
Not the best plating, but here is Cream Curry Pasta!
Pomegranate apple breakfast
Thai Larb
Ginger cookies
grilled cheese on jalapeño cheddar bread &amp; Tomato soup!
Katz Deli - chopped liver and matzo ball soup!
Maryland dill lump crab cakes
Steamed clams in wine, butter and garlic.
chicken sausage gumbo
pan pizza, as research for a project I’m starting locally
Iced Kona coffee latte
My parents are those people from the math problems
Tomato soup, grilled cheese on sourdough, and a Claussen pickle for dinner, my ultimate comfort food
Ricotta, parm, and basil stuffed chicken wrapped in prosciutto with zucchini fries
Creamy wholegrain pasta with chicken bacon and spinach
my mom’s pork rice and asparagus
Cake!
Burger with bone marrow and Roquefort butter, double bacon, caramelised onions and black truffle mayo
Donut OR Chicken Drumstick?! #IndonesianFood
Arrabbiata Pizza
Goats cheese &amp; Walnut Ravioli
Gumbo season
DIY Hot Chocolate Kit from Pink Banana Patisserie!❤️
Dynamite Rolls!
Australian lamb smothered in garlic and rosemary on the rotisserie
Spicy tamarind broth noodle soup with prawn and pork belly
hot wings!
Herby Cheesey Bread
Paella with shrimps and black rice
Pizza with  crust
The perfect comfort food - Cinnamon Toast!
A fresh fruit cake
Hors d'oeuvre of egg salad with ikura and smoked salmon with onion and capers, served on crispy bread squares
- Grilled BBQ vegetables on toasted ciabatta with grilled avocado and salsa.
2 cheese sauce for dipping
not mine, but my buddy is a great cook. He refuses to believe Reddit will like his food.
Hot Smoked Salmon
Tri Tip and chimichurri with caprese salad.
Tortilia chicken with potato sharps and amerikan carrot salad
Doenjang Jjigae
KFC original recipe tenders
Pan seared salmon fillet
Lobster roll from 167 Raw. Best ever.
Chicken Sandwitch with Whole Wheat Spinach Bread
pizza from BK
Chive and cheddar bread
grilled Tenderstem Brocolli with tahini and Dukkah.
Avocado toast with poached smaller spring eggs!
Beef &amp; bean hard shell Tacos
Late night spicy filet mignon wrap w/ salsa picante, greens, shredded mozzarella and a pan-toasted tortilla
Scallops over orzo pasta.
Caramelised pear, prosciutto, and goats cheese pizza with a balsamic vinegar reduction
Seared brisket with caramelized onion and potatoes
salmon grilled on cedar plank
Blackened salmon with roasted potatoes
My little bowl of Sunshine
pav bhaji with chopped onions.
Chicken stew/goulash
Snow fungus and pear sweet soup (tong sui).
Lobster Mac &amp; Cheese!
Chocolate pecan pie and pumpkin pie
Philly cheese steak wrap!
gravy with Pillsbury buiscits
Breakfast strata
veggie dumpling soup for the soul this fall!
Crispy Chicken Sandwich w/ Honey Habanero sauce
Finally made a good Italian Bread
Corned Beef with Cabbage and Potatoes
baby ham!!
breakfast quesadilla.
Not sure if there’s even a name for it... but I’ll call it “Delicious!”
Charcuterie for Family Thanksgiving
Almond and sesame flour Keto bread
Chocolate cupcakes made an 8 year old
Fried pickles!
Fettuccine Alfredo
Smoked some ribs tonight!
Jan Falooda Pakistani Food
mini fruit tarts
Wagyu brisket poutine.
Pot Roast Egg Rolls with Beef Gravy Dipping Sauce
Charcutterie Board- water Crackers and wine are standing by
dinner rolls, I’ve been putting my new stand mixer to good use
Ripe Plantain Fritters (Pazhampori) with Spicy Beef Curry
What I love about cooking: I just winged it and turned a bunch of everyday ingredients I already had into a tasty dish!
bulgogi and veggie stir fry
Belgian Marzipan
Soy-Braised Chicken, with savory rice.
A HORRIBLE MEAL🎃 | Stewed Liver With Green Bean | Cooking Nightmares ASMR
Pot roast lamb with rosemary potatoes, cabbage, peas and vegetable medley.
Spicy shrimp in a creamy seafood wine sauce over linguini
vanilla snowman cake
Cob dip anyone? 🙂
French Bread...Very Delicious
Grilled cheese with Monterey Jack cheese, jalapeños and pizza sauce for dipping .
Ever heard of Organic Cold-Pressed Juices? Rús Organic -  100% Organic Goodness. Check out below!
Creamy Chicken, Leek, Bacon &amp; Mushroom Pie.
fried fish pomfret
Mettwurst on sourdough with duck eggs and pickles/peppers.
Crispy Skin Chicken Thigh on an Apple Risotto
Delicious Sweets &amp; Snacks...  Fresh Sweets ... Buy Lakshmistores Uk...
Easy ""Recipes "herry tomato pasta salad"
Mushroom Risotto and Hake ThermidorCOVID-19 Vaccination Dry Run LIVE: Dry Run For COVID-19 Vaccination Underway Across India - NDTV
Sticky Chinese Chicken Drumsticks-Healthy life Trainer
https://ift.tt/36n93Ej
samosa
Shocking Christmas Cake-Panetone With Chocolate And Fruit
Chili lime flank steak
braised short rib
French Macarons with blueberry and creme cheese filling
Grilled Chicken Recipe For Weight Loss ""
Fresh glazed donuts and deer sausage kolache
Watermelon with cinnamon sprinkled on it
cheese steak stuffed peppers
Sweet and Sour short rib
Dulce de Leche Chocoflan
Nachos :)
peach pancakes with fresh vanilla whipped cream, white chocolate chips, and fresh peaches.
Smoked Salmon (grapefruit, lemon, dill, fennel)
Raided the pantry because the fridge is empty. 😐 But came out with this nice penne with garlic, cheese, fire roasted tomatoes, some parsley and pepper. It was delicious 😋
Bacon wrapped hot dogs
pizza again, this one with more toppings and the sun-dried tomatoes are chopped up. Much better.
Sweet &amp; Sour Tofu
Smoked honey rib BBQ sandwich on brioche.
Cuban sandwiches, pickle, Swiss, Mayo, mustard, smoked (pulled) pork and roasted pork loin. Panini pressed
pasta hearts
Grilled Ribeye Steak with Sautéed Shallots and Asparagus with Hollandaise Sauce
grilled banana and Lotus Biscoff spread on toast
Italien caprese for my tenth cake day
Cookies and cream cupcakes with a little Oreo inside
Cappelloni filled with pumpkin, carrot and cheese, served in a prawn broth, topped with prawns and baby spinach
Best tacos in Monterrey, NL, Mexico.
illusion cake of a stack of pancakes, lmk what you think :)
Cheese and charcuterie board
chimichurri steak, garlic asparagus, and mashed potatoes
Jalapeño poppers!
The moistestest pound cake you’ve ever seen
Vegan Cauliflower Mapu Tofu
Thanksgiving Honey Balsamic Roasted Duck
Cantonese pork belly, Cantonese cha Sui BBQ pork, lucky lettuce wraps, scrambled egg and tomatoes with spring onions. Meal for Mid Autumn Festival (中秋节). 烧肉，叉烧饭，生菜包，番茄炒蛋
Wok fried garlic chili bokchoy and simple ponzu dashi.
Nashville hot chicken with fries
green mung beans salad, cinnamon rolls
Black bean Jalapeño Cheese dip.
these delicious Soup Dumplings
Tomato soup and grilled cheese
Chicken parm. I used crushed croutons because didn have breadcrumbs. Turned out better than expected!
Korean Spicy Braised Pork, Fried Sweet and Sour Cutlass Fish, Kimchi and Beansprout Soup, and Assorted Banchan
Matzo Ball Soup
Chili Verde w/ Slow Braised Pork
Shrimp Spinach Bacon Alfredo🍤🍝🧀🍽
Picadillo and tortillas
Air fried beer battered fish tacos, elote and fresh guac
Double Cheeseburger fait Amateur!
pizza with grilled peppers and fennel sausage
Potato and onion pierogies w/ streaky bacon and sour cream
Mexican Beans
seared scallops &amp; mushroom risotto
Ooooh yeahhhhh  lentils
lemon garlic linguine with roasted asparagus, grape tomatoes, and yellow squash
smoked gochujang chicken
Roastbeef.
Apple Crumble!
Almond milk Hot chocolate and strawberries board!
Chicken summer salad! (Macros in comments)
Salmon Fish Seafood
Simple and easy. bacon, scrambled eggs, and kimchi fried rice
Fruit, Nut, &amp; Cheese Charcuterie Board
Chopped salad
Shrimp Recipe
supervisor made me cheesecake for Christmas
Vegan duck
New York strip with King Crab, Onions and Mushrooms, Baked Potato and Roasted Broccoli and Asparagus
takoyaki
Budgеtіng Yоur Grосеrу Bill Wіth Grоund Bееf Rесіреѕ If уоu hаvе a lаrgе family thеn уоu knоw how muсh оf a challenge buуіng groceries tо feed thеm саn be. With tоdау'ѕ есоnоmу...еvеn a nоrmаl-ѕіzеd fаmіlу оf fоur fіndѕ іt hаrd tо manage рауіng household bіllѕ and buуіng food.
Spaghetti alle vongole
Burmese/Myanmar Fish Curry- Seebiyan
ProVen #Healthyfood
British rump steak and peppercorn sauce
Grilled Rice Bowl
RNC maintains right to use Trump's name in fundraising - Associated Press
One-Pot Braised Chicken with Coconut Milk, Tomato and Ginger
Meatballs and marinara
As food insecurity increases during the pandemic, agencies work to reach people in need - theday.com
Short Rib Tacos
Spicy chicken wings
trying to pass off cheese fries as fancy
13 Bean Bison Chili
Gordon Ramsey's poached egg with bacon and mushrooms on toast, with potatoes :)
Maine Lobster Rolls
Detroit Pan Pizza
Bourbon Salted Caramel
Did 'The Simpsons' Predict US Capitol Hill Violence? These Viral Videos Suggest So, Netizens Say 'More to Com - India.com
Trump Steak
Folgers with Holiday Nog!!
Tacos de Barbacoa y Gordita
Everything Bagel w Fixins
Lasagna with homemade egg noodles
A Double-Crab Sushi roll!!
Beef and pork beer brats
I can't cook but I can make great traditional carbonara (info in post)
pork floutas topped with salsa macha, shredded lettuce, queso fresco and an avocado crema
oven roasted brussel sprouts.
cow liver with onions, salad, yogurt soup, ayran and rice with vegetable
Tempura pork loin with sweet and sour sauce
Ashima Hotpot
"" Italian Sandwich
Wellington for Christmas dinner
Chicken Stew with Crispy Skin. SOO Tasty!
Working on some thic mac and cheese.
Banana bonda recipe
Chicken and Spinach Lasagna
Jerk chicken with salmon Rasta pasta
Emmental Cheeseburger with grilled red onion
rosewater Muffins
Çiğ köfte
Buffalo zucchini boats
Crab Curry and steamed Rice.
Parmigiano Reggiano aged 127 months
chef Momo at Rosemary Kitchen
Salmon Steaks &amp; Mayonnaise Crust
Pumpkin Spice Cupcakes (sugar decorations are shop bought)
Norwegian Sex Shop Ad (Literal Food Porn)
Home baked..
This is my schools  lunch
forgot to take a pic before but it was really fancy
Rib Steak
I made  carbonara and it was a success!
Seared scallops served with soy and spinach konjac noddles.
all vegan catering assortment
I got to make sweet and fluffy Eggbread for my Baking and pastry class
Cinnamon roll waffles
Mud Pie Cheesecake
Spelt Waffles with Fresh Fruit and Local Maple Syrup
Alton Brown’s green bean casserole.
We're here We're Gruyère Get used to it Burger
New York Strip
Soup for cold weather!
-Bolognese Lasagne
Making Charcuterie Trays
Hoagie Roll Meatball Marinara Sub
""Ultimate chocolate cake
Brioche filled with chocolate ganache
Rogan Josh-Rubbed Lamb Chops with Butter Dal, Garam Masala-Grilled Eggplant, and Aloo Gobi
Teriyaki Spam Musubi
No Libby’s? No problem!
Griddled turkey and cheese
The coziest vegetable stew - The best go-to dish for the cold months
Italian Sausage Pasta
Chocolate Log Cake w/Espresso &amp; Cream Filling
Korean japchae with beef and vegetables
Reverse seared tomahawk steak
MR Tenderloin, potatoes and salad.
Fried Chicken Cutlets
Rice pudding with raisins.
https://ift.tt/3thhNFY
chocolate mille feuille
This French Fries and Nuggets Platter
Christmas Eve Seafood paella
The hubby is becoming quite the amateur chef. Steak gyros with tzatziki.
Spicy Veggie Chowmein
Eggs Benedict with Hollandaise Sauce and Bacon with some bread bought from Costco
"street Taco" Burger
warm lobster rolls.
Jerk Chicken and Rainbow Salsa
Coq au vin, confit potatoes, baguette, herb de Provence salted butter.
Fire roasted Turkey
Turkey Sandwich with thick-cut bacon, Havarti and Smokey BBQ Aioli
Twisted Cinnamon Buns
Pavlova
Grilled Cheese. Sourdough and Cheddar
Baked goat cheese
Fire Roasted Almonds
Spelt Flour Croissants
Hearty Veggie Chili in bread bowl (recipe in comments)
Trump acknowledges Biden victory a day after Capitol chaos - Times of India
Soy Marinated Flank Stead w/ Garlic Butter, Grilled Veg and Avocado
Taylor Ham Grilled Onion Smash Burger
(image quality isn’t amazing and Pro/Chef isn’t the tag I would choose as I’m no pro) Southern Fried Chicken Burgers on Ciabatta served with chunky chip and coleslaw.
Bolognese Lasagna
Rosemary skewered mahi mahi filets over mushroom risotto and grilled asparagus
sour cream chive dinner rolls
Pav Bhaji!
Moroccan Chicken at the Arcadian Cafe, Packages Mall Lahore, Pakistan . Loved the Taste. The perfect blend of spices, I must say, this place has definitely upgraded it's game. Cos best Food is Worth Sharing For ❤️ Happy Eating 😀
Kluna Tik eating Sandwich HAPPY TREE FRIENDS ASMR eating sounds Mukban...
Pork Belly and Tomato on 15 Grain
Apple fritter bread
Corned Beef Pastie
lobster and shrimp
Embutido - Filipino style meatloaf
Found this old video of my middle schools therapy dog howling and I just had to post it, god I miss him
Salted caramel dark chocolate mousse. Light and fluffy with a nice salty taste.
Cheesecake
Quy trình sản xuất chai nhựa và quy trình thổi chai pet
Paella with shrimp, mussels, chorizo, chicken thighs, and beef ribs
Chocolate Tarts with Baileys.
Christmas Pozole
Best roasted pork recipe! Skin is crispy and juicy!
Made pretzels for my breakfast! :D
Chocolate dipped strawberries
Spicy Mcdonalds Nuggets
Chocolate Mascarpone Cheesecake
Fresh Fruit and Cream Cake after not baking for several months
Roasted butternut squash soup
PowerHouse Salad
crystal bread,black trumpets&amp;porcini "jam" edible 24k gold.
Estufao manok 🤙🏼🤙🏼
Levain-style cookies with pistachios and ruby chocolate.
Chicken fingers and French fries
poke with nori and sesame dust
chirashi sushi
sticky toffee pudding
Sweet and Spivey Vegan cold remilade
Cheeseburger with Fried Egg, Fries, and Maple Syrup on a Croissant
My Breakfast Sandwhich Every Morning
Christmas dinner. I was by myself this Christmas (thanks covid) so I decided to make the best of it and make my a full Christmas dinner for myself. I’ve never roasted a turkey before and while it was certainly a learning experience I’m happy (and stuffed) with the result! Merry Christmas!
Bangers &amp; Mash with Onion Gravy
Smoked Pork Butt Tacos
Lemon Tart with Italian Meringue
soldooshconfectionary coolest cake
Pork Chops with lemon thyme mashed potatoes, as well as honey glazed sweet potatoes and beats.
Doenjang Glazed Eggplant Rice Balls!
Gluten-free, dairy-free peanut butter cookies
Tortellini soup with Italian sausage.
creamy chicken, mushroom and spinach pasta bake topped with cheddar, mozzarella and parsley
Help! I just ate half of this “angus beef capriccio (anti pasta)” and I just found out it was raw beef, is there any chance that I can get sick from this?
Panqueques Dulce de Leche Four Types
Italian Bread
this rice dish and I was wondering what this vegetable was?
fennel soup with a ham sandwich
[] salmon, quickled cukes, rice with a sweet and spicy sauce
Irish clams and Dublin Bay Prawns w/ Greens in an Asian Broth
Giant pancake
Cinnamon rolls
Scallop Shooter.
French Onion soup
S’mores muffins
made some  oat flour brownies
Eggs Benedict over a buttermilk biscuit with pork debris
Tamales de Mole
Hyderabadi dum Mutton biryani
Burgers with Roquefort, fresh avacado, grilled onions and jalapenos, garlic butter on the bun, buttered garlic on the meat.
Saudi Lamb with rice, potatoes and a Pomegranate vegetable salad.
IPL 2021 auction: Little known uncapped Indians who can start a bidding war - Hindustan Times
cheese grater formed pasta buttons in thick tomato crab sauce n garlic butter scallops
Super tasty easy to make “cinnamon toast”
roasted cauliflower tacos!
filet mignon and lobster tail
Salmon Plate
recipes based on a cookbook from 1881
Chocolate covered eclairs filled with creme mousseline
Latkes for Chanukah.
Roasted maitake mushroom, black and brown rice, and a pickled carrot, daikon, and lemon peel salad.
Strawberry Mango Blast
Pan seared duck breast, roasted potatoes and tenderstem broccoli with a red currant sauce
cinnamon babka
Smoked Turkey with gravy, squash with mint, scallion, and peanut, mashed taters, sprouts, tater rolls
I made smash burgers
fermented hot sauce
Salmon Poke bowl
Cheese and Charcuterie Board
croissant brittle
This bird loving life after finding a new and better owner
Hyderabadi chicken biriyani mandi
Savory Bread Pudding with Ham and Cheese!
Rainbow Cookies 🌈
potato soup and garlic sour dough slices.
Caramel Chocolate Cake
Lemon Saffron Salmon With Dill Rice
Sumashi-jiru: Clear soup with mussels and greens.
Scallops with cauliflowers, passion fruit marmalade, and aioli at Michael’s in St. Augustine.
chicken chive gyoza
Bigman's Pizza
fri
Double Burger with Provel Cheese
French onion gravy with chicken and Swiss cheese, mashed potato, red wine Swiss chard, and asparagus-Not the best photo but I’m proud of it!
Philly Cheesesteak
B.L.T
glazed pork tenderloin with rosemary roasted brussels, squash &amp; onions and cheesy potatoes on the side
Lemon Blueberry Poundcake
Sichuan Fish Stew
tacos. Happy taco Tuesday.
honey butter dinner rolls
Tandoori Chicken
Ram Jerky
Filipino menudo!
Prawn fettuccini with creamy sauce
Chocolate custard macarons
Toor Dal
chicken shawarma kebab!
spinach brie grilled cheese on challah with tomato bisque
Prime standing rib roast. Sous vide to ice bath to oven with compound butter. Deadly.
Classic Italian Marinara Sauce
Chicken, Tomato, and Grape Salad with Goddess Dressing
5 cheese mac and cheese with bacon.
Chicken, cabbage and Mushroom gyoza
Attempt at  Apple Cider!
Costco Rotisserie Chicken Leg and Roasted Broccoli
Chinese Jiu Xiang Cao Tou 酒香草头 (Edible clovers)
Bacon, Egg and Cheese
Shrimp Boil
biscuits and gravy, two eggs sunny side up, and hot sauce
sourdough pizza.
Garden-grown roasted tomato soup with sharp cheddar grilled cheese on homemade sourdough.
Parmesan risotto and roasted shrimp
TikTok Candy Popcorn 3 WAYS! (With M&amp;Ms, Skittles, Peanut M&amp;Ms)
Crab Rangoons
Lasagne :)
Fresh garden harvest
Half chicken with root vegetables and beet purée
zucchini Bread
Airfried FROZEN BURGER PATTIES🍔. Tips and Tricks
fish and chips with mushy peas in loving memory of pre-brexit UK. With love from Germany
korean fried chicken rice bowl with cheese and spicy gochujang sauce!
Slowcook Burger on Rosemary Sourdough Toast
made spinach crepes with mushroom and cashew filling
Paprika rubbed pork tenderloin, gruyere scalloped potatoes, and asparagus with smoky breadcrumbs
Macaroons with Raspberry Buttercream
The BEST Poutine
Potato &amp; Leek Soup
Chicken and Bacon Creamy Pesto Pasta
Nashville (inspired) hot chicken roll
Kimuchi Chicken over Fried Rice, with Miso soup and Pan-Fried Pork Gyoza
Sous vide cumin lamb with Yunnan mashed potatoes topped with chili oil
Rose shaped coconut milk jellies
3 types of Korean banchan (side dishes): Stir-fried potatoes, 3-colored seasoned vegetables, and Korean-style salad
egg patty
Peppers, onions, tomatoes, cheese and bacon omelette
Greek Salad Couscous
Mini chocolate chip cheesecake with black cherry topping.
Fidget Spinner Cookies
mirror glaze cake pops
Hello, I would like to report a theft..Yeah, my heart was stolen..Yea
Misal Pav- made with moth beans and spices. Very popular Maharashtrian breakfast
Hokkaido milk buns made with tangzhong method
Paula Deen's Chicken fried chicken
Pancake Art
Chinese Traditional Raddish Cake
Lina Tik ĂN THỊT Những Chú Cừu Thông Minh - ASMR Eating Mukbang sounds
pecan old fashioned.
Dinner rolls.
chicken popcorn
Sausage and veggies
Stuffed bell pepper
croissants
Dark cherry cobbler À la mode.
tacos with  corn tortillas
Fresh pumpkin tagliatelle with pumpkin carbonara, decoration made with pumpkin seeds and skin
Shrimp &amp; Chicken Alfredo w/l Garlic Beef Pot Roast
Sweet Potato Turkey Chili | Cheddar | Pickled Jalapeños
The best chicken rice I’ve ever had // Yen Minh, Vietnam
Nice Chinese food:Lantern Shrimp
Classic Stuffing Recipe, super easy
Gingerbread Great Wall of China
Zinc Lozenges with Rosehip and Acerola - Immune Defence USA
Antiguan Buckwheat Gnocchi with Carrot Puree Dressing
Happy Pi Day, everyone! Blackberry, raspberry, and blueberry pie.
a sushi platter!
Mamaw's Fried Chicken
https://cutt.ly/ijHzxME
Bruh I go to Taco Bell and they give me an half pound of hot sauce (I weighed it)
Brioche burger
- The jiggle of a nice stock.
We have a thing about meals that don't suck. Another suck-free meal.
Salmon and Broccoli Oven Bake
Korean macaroons
Creamed corn, jalapeño and lots of cheese baked until bubbling and golden brown.
Kahachapuri Imeruli
Grilled Alaskan Halibut w/ lime and fresh herbs. Rod &amp; Reel harvest outside of Glacier Bay National Park and Preserve.
Thai Basil Chicken
baked cookies. Any tips how long you bake your cookies to make it soft and chewy?
Double smashburger
Cacio e pepe with fusilli noodles
Brioche Cinnamon Buns
Chicken Roasted
Waygu beef brisket smoked on indirect heat for 11 hours
Green Chilli Hot Recipes
Deviled Eggs
Proud mother
Surf &amp; Turf with Brisket and Crablegs
Hearty Vegetable and Lentil Soup, Paired with Cranberry and Walnut Sourdough
A burger with pickles, cheese, arugula, and grilled shallots
salmon sushi with a decorative avocado top
Has anyone made raclette over a firepit table? . What's your method?
standing rib roast
vodka sauce pasta with asparagus, steak, and chicken
Hot chocolate with pink torched marshmallow💗
Dry Rubbed Baby Back Ribs
Carne Asada tacos with purple heirloom and jalapeno salsa and fresh guac on homemade corn tortillas
Cheese &amp; Fruit
Air-fried Salmon Fillet
Matcha Crepe
tasty frosting
Coconut Mousse Cake
Aloo chat- A popular Indian streetfood
Smoked Spatchcock Turkey
Cinnamon Sugar Munchkins for tea
Onigiri with fish paste and vegetables
Rigatoni with vodka cream sauce
spicy noodles w/ prawns, salmon and cabbage
Sushi bowls
Flounder Bon Femme. (any tips on bringing color to a rather beige classical dish??)
Falafel
Colourful mini pavlova
Shrimp tacos with a garlic cilantro slaw and feta crumbles. Sometimes i'll put a teriyaki sauce on the shrimp for these and it is SO good
Vanilla cake with chocolate buttercream and caramel drizzle. Topped with mini reese's cups
Potato purée with bacon slices, under sous vide egg. Served with sourdough French bread and pepper bacon.
Steak dinner
Braised duck leg with parsnip puree, roasted carrots and duck fat fried potatoes and a balsamic cherry reduction.
thin crust pizza!! Let me know if interested in the recipe
homemade soft serve with freshly picked strawberries 🍓
cheesy eggs &amp; chocolate frappuccino :)
Chocolate and Caramel Cake
Chicken marsala
Copycat Travis Scott Burger
Paella Valenciana
Spicy Cucumbers with Garlic Chives
Almonds and saffron milk
Fries Supreme
Oklahoma style cheese burgers with ancho lime taro fries and Carolina reaper ketchup.
Halloween meringues- Ghosts, Bones and pumpkins
Hwangtae-gui(Korean grilled pollack) with banchan(side dishes)
""Make Hummus the original way 2
Blondies
Bean and cheese burrito
"(homemade)"Live your life in such a way that you'll be remembered for your kindness, compassion, fairness, character, benevolence, and a force for good who had much respect for life, in general.” ""
braised pork belly
Pepperoni Pizza (wheat base)
Crispy Chicken Wing
Ribs, chicken kabobs and asparagus
I made stir-fry
Steamin' Piri-Piri chicken livers
reverse seared ribeye with a mushroom marsala chutney
Leek and mushroom quiche with Gruyere cheese.
caramel apple cheesecake
“”. Biscoff/caramel-cheesecake AKA ‘Manon’. On my journey to start my own cake-business in Belgium. Never posted before, but will do in the near future! If I see some likes, i’ll post my recipes :3!
Potato omelett
squid tendered and marinated in milk and fried in salt, pepper, chilli and flour
Cocoa and whole wheat marbled sourdough
Air Fried Top Sirloin
Tofurky roast
Chicken Noodle Soup
Toast w/ Peanut Butter &amp; Blueberries 😋 The perfect snack
My husbands plate on Thanksgiving.
Cheesy Garlic Grits with Cajun Shrimp
Pan Mexican Shredded Chicken
mussels in blue cheese
Candied Bacon, Spicy and Sweet!
Japanese Hamburger Steak
Sunday Brunch Ham &amp; Eggs
Slow Cooked Baked Beans on Toasted Sourdough
Cajun Gumbo
BBQ Pork Banh Mi Sandwiches
Korean Shine Muscat grapes 😳
Iced gingerbread biscuits
éclairs
4 cheese chicken fettucine alfredo
Watch me talk about the most UNDERRATED ice cream EVER
Cross-section of my holiday croissants!
B*L*T Dip with Toasted French Bread Slices!
Grilled Cheddar Burgers
Viral Videos: 6-Year-Old Boy Calms Younger Brother and Cat Vibes to Music - WCCB Charlotte
Smokey Mushroom Ramen
Chicken wings smoked with hickory wood. An olive oil, salt, and pepper rub.
Roasted Root Vegetables
Soup dumplings with each a different filling and flavored skin
french toast with homemade jam
Vermont Maple Glazed Ham Dinner with Corn, Garlic Mashed Potatoes, and Gravy
Beef Carpaccio Crostini
Ice cream with a view
sushi platter
Beans on toast
Blueberry &amp; Strawberry Hennessy slushees
Nigiri sushi lunch special
Tomahawk and Porterhouse Steaks
Naan Heaven
Foie set, fall tasting menu. Cured foie, brioche crumble, quince puree, sesame seed tuile, compressed plum
Creole Gumbo
Toasted sourdough with pastrami, Emmental and Cheshire cheese.
craziness
rice pudding w bruleed banana
soy garlic bbq wings
Homemade Croutons 9 ways
Sweet potatoe - mushrooms Creme amuse geule
7 hour smoked lamb leg.
pancakes by my mum and I for my family
Cheesy Fried Egg Garlic Toast
bbq pork bao
Smoked beef tenderloin, stuffed mushrooms, and garlic rosemary potatoes
Hamburger Steak with Sriracha Mayo and Wasabi paste.
Bread. I posted in r/AskCulinary earlier thinking there was a problem with the dough. It seems that all the little bumps were gas bubbles and I have a fantastic crumb.
French onion soup with savoury French toast
My 2.5 lb porterhouse.
Siskonmakkara soup.
Pizza for Valentine’s Day ❤️
Gnocchi ala Romana, with a savory tomato sauce
Inauguration Cake
Chettinad Quail Egg Curry topped with chopped Coriander leafs
Texas Smoked Brisket Chili and Jiffy Cornbread
Italian chicken cordon bleu
Dutch apple cinammon bread.
Salvadoran food! Plato Mixto - Plantain, rice, egg, chicken, beef, shrimp, mussels, house salad, refried beans!
steak
Tomato chickpea curry with Kale and rice with carrots and celery! 🤤
لحم عجل متبل في قدر الضغط والفرن | Broken beef |
I  fancy Vienetta
Fresh rolls
Sourdough doughnuts
Thomas Keller's recipe for a Croque Madame on Tartine bread
A little  gnocchi, vodka sauce and charred broccolini!
Mississippi Pot Roast and Mashed Potatoes
Braised venison shank with garlic on mashed potatoes with white wine pan gravy.
Mac n Cheese. Creamy goodness
Twinkie Wiener Sandwiches
Beef Tenderloin with a pomegranate arugula salad
It's a Wrap!
Apple Sausage Stuffed Butternut Squash, just a min too long in the broiler
Love fall weather,  chili
Red Lentils Curry: super flavorful, nutritious, fast and protein-packed.
38 enchiladas with homemade sauce
linguine alla pescatora
Cous Cous with: Spam, Cherry Tomatoes, and Sugarsnap Peas
Spicy Paim- peppers with a side of ranch
Vegetarian Borshch
Blueberry and blue cheese galette
Salomon with curry dill sauce
Totoro was found on the street 5 days ago, meowing for help under a car. I'm so glad I was the one who heard him.
Flat churros
mac n cheese with chicken. It aint much, but its the first meal ive cooked since moving out.
Pasta Carbonara :)
Salmon with Green beans and Petite purple potatoes
Seared Ahi Tuna, Cilantro Lime Shrimp with white Rice and Mango salsa
Vegetarian Dan Dan noodles
Chocolate tarts!
Mukbang and cooking (vegan edition)
smoked turkey
According to Chinese Medicine, Persimmons and Diary are supposed to kill you. Well, I ate 3 and I'm still here lol. Persimmon Tart with Maple Creme cheese filling.
Sourdough Focaccia.
Autumnal Pumpkin Pie
Chocolate Cheesecake
Cafeteria Yeast Rolls
Cream Cheese &amp; Scallion Won Tons w/ Thai Sweet Chili Sauce
Smoked Duck and Fig Chutney on Dutch Crunch Sandwich
Dark&amp;White Chocolate Mousse cake with Raspberry sauce.
Fried Eggs, Bologna, and Potatoes
Made Kenji’s basil caper relish over salmonChili!
Duck? Looking to  some duck for Thanksgiving. Where do I buy it?
Green Beans
Nigel Slater's Tahini, Sesame, Butternut
The best food in the world
My first brownies from scratch 😒 didn't get that glossy top crust.
Spaghetti with Bechamel Sauce
Baked Mostaccioli with Italian sausage in red sauce
Aloo Tokri Ghugni Ghugni Chat Fusion Recipe best ever cooking show
I did a Tiki themed night featuring a Hawaiian Pizza with a house made whole wheat crust and BBQ marinara sauce, gulf shrimp, ham, red onion and pineapple. Painkiller cocktail to compliment
Brownie Budino
Vanilla Macaroons!
https://ift.tt/3thhNFY
I made a sweet and very spicy veggie pizza using birds eye chillies
Baked Garlicky Mushrooms
Tasty Veg fried Rice Recipe😍😍
hand made cavatelli w/ roasted brussels, bacon, and sundried tomatoes
Tomato Spinach Chicken Pasta
YakitoriBurgers, pizza, and wings: The politics of “men’s food” - Vox.com
Me and my granddaughter made a "Food Tier List", Let me know what you all think!
spinach ricotta tortellini bake with quorn parmesan chicken
Brezeln - German Pretzels
Pan-seared Ribeye with fries and baked broccoli
Everything Bagel seasoned sourdough bread
churro cupcakes with a cajeta surprise!
5 ingredient chickpeas
my favorite food❤️gnocci with Bolognese sauce baked in the oven 🦋
Uzbek salad and flaky Lamb pastry
Perfect  ribeye for V-Day
Original KitKat.
Can never go wrong with a  🥓🍳🧀
Truffled mushroom risotto for Dad’s bday!
truffle pizza
Paapdi chaat
French onion beef noodle soup
Eggs Benedict
Blackberry ans atrawberry cheesecake
Orange Roasted Duck
The queen let him share her windowsill for the first time and he was so in awe he just... malfunctioned
Sweet Potato-Pumpkin Casserole
stir fried beef bowl
roasted butternut squash soup with pancetta and sour cream
Breakfast platter of fried churro waffle bites, steak strips, sunny side up eggs, peaches and dipping honey
Fried Breadfruit
Currently accepting suggestions with what to do with ALL this pumpkin puree. Pictured 1/5 pumpkins baked.
Ăn BÁNH CÁ SỐNG !!! 😱 ASMR Mukbang Food
Korean Garlic Cheese Bread
Garlic Snails
Bunny chow (mutton curry inside hallowed out bread) South Africa
Delicious Italian "Focaccia" Bread
Tomato soup with homemade bread
Tomate soup with challah grilled cheese
Almond and raspberry porridge  Caesar salad
Thanksgiving Charcuterie
crispy chicken tendies
Burmese Know Suey
garlic and thyme basted salmon with a fresh salad
Pork &amp; Shrimp Shumai
Apple Pie 🥧🥰
I’ve been working on my strak sandw I’ve been craving. Ribeye/Top Sirloin, Garlic mayo, arugula, gorgonzola, and carmelized onions!
Lego Kitchen: Королевский краб на пару - ACMP cтоп моушен/Мукбанг
microwaved PIZZA!!
Making Pizza
Red Beet Salad Platter
BBQ style Roast
chicken and pasta pan with tomato and spinach.
I see this every time on my walk home and thought this might be funny
blackened cod, potatoes and garlic asparagus
Brussels sprouts on the stalk 2-ways: spicy garlic on right and buttery maple dijon on left.
fried chicken strips sandwich with mayo and sriracha
Maash Daal (Urad Lentil)  #Daal #Lentil #Vegan
Strawberry Cake (Christmas cake)
Kluna Tik eating Tom and Jerry for Lunch | ASMR Comiedo Mukbang Sound/ K...
Hotdogs
Orange Salmon
wholemeal malloreddus with crab sauce
Burrata appetizer
Fried Pastry with Vegetable Stuffing
Ratatouille (Confit byaldi)
Spaghetti and King Prawns
Fresh batch of  New York style bagels
Since we’re doing lasagna. Spinach and eggplant.
Ribeye steak with mashed potatoes and creamy spinach
Turkey sandwich with grilled bell pepper and mushrooms, lettuce and melted cheddar on toasted brioche
Anabolic protein banana bread! For gains at the gym without feeling guilty
Macadamia &amp; Brown Butter Blondies
2hr Smoked Ribeye
Lobster Bisque and ray oysters.
Pork Chops with Apples and Mustard, with a White Wine Three Cheese Mac.
Bacon Nachos
Bang Bang Shrimp
pizza with mushrooms What’s your favorite toppings ?
Vegan pesto covered no-chicken soya pieces, samphire cooked in butter and quinoa salad.
13 hour blackberry chipotle barbecued brisket
I made real Mexican food for a week
Skirt steak kebabs and Japanese fried rice
Meatballs and rustic potatoes
Customizable Burger with Bacon
Is good? 👉👈 I made
double Bacon Cheeseburger
Cajun Shrimp and Kale over Cauliflower Rice
besan ladoo ice cream roll
cheese and garlic butter twists.
Roast chicken with Patatas bravas
a Harissa Chicken Pizza
Chili Rubbed Pulled Pork
Tomahawk Steak
Vegan Oreo Brownies
Jamaican Patties with Beyond Beef and cheese
Buttermilk fried chicken burger / sandwich
Gujiya (sweet empanadas). Happy Diwali!
Mini apple pies
vanilla yogurt, granola and fruit breakfast bowl.
I left my sandwich on the stove to long.
"" homemade pumkin soup
5 Delicious Pizzas for Low-Carb and Keto Dieters -
Smoked salmon &amp; goat cheese salad
Patty melt with jalapenos and cheddar cheese.
Gordon Ramsay’s Rabbit Fricassee with cream, mustard and bacon over fettuccine
Vegetarian thali
Sent this pic to my friends and family members today. None of them were able to guess what I made. Yet it's so simple. Marinate Camembert
Sarson Ka Saag - The Winter Delicacy
Kalua Pork Poutine
Sichuan Delivery
Nachos, guacamole and Salsa
Pancakes &amp; baby pancakes
Beef pot pie
Burger and Cajun wedges
Buffet style chicken and mushrooms on white rice.
Nachos! (Jalapeño, Red Peppers, Pulled Jerk Chicken &amp; Shredded Block Marble Cheese)
Panko Crusted Chicken w/ Trofie Pasta in Vodka Sauce
Open-Faced Breakfast Sandwich
Grilled Sea Bream
NY cheesecake with biscoffi base.
Detroit Style Pizza With Pepperoni
Bacon wrapped pork loin with hickory smoke
Okonomiyaki from an Aussie white guy...
Wild Salmon Poke and Vegetables.
Sweet Chili Chicken and Yam Fries
Mint chocolate ganache tart
Sour cream and chives bread
braised short ribs served over fried yucca mash with caramelized carrots and a wine reduction.
Toast, goats cheese, caramelised onions and garnished with chives!
whole wheat pancakes
New-York Style Bagels
Giant Yorkshire Pudding.
Strawberry marshmallow birthday cake for my niece
blackberry and raspberry pie
Nacho Supreme
Salmon &amp; Cod baked in Sweet &amp; Sour sauce with butter
Fresh Florida Seafood Boil
Bacon Wrapped Tenderloin with Air Fried Potatoes and Hot Sauce with a touch of Tabasco
a home made turkey burger with baby Swiss and avocado.
Sour Cream Coffee Cake
Lemon tarte🍋
Sauerkraut &amp; Gut Shots
Falafel with Bulgur and Ocra-tomatoe sauce
Meatballs, rice, fried potatoes
Famous Bowl
Braised beef short ribs w/carrots
al pastor tacos.
Shrimp &amp; Grits
Oven-roasted duck with stuffing and creamed shishito peppers
Breakfast for dinner! Eggs easy, turkey bacon, bbq beans, garlic toast, avocado, jalapeño.
Herb butter baguette, wieners, mozzarella, mimolette, american cheese, chili peppers, chives, fried onions, chipotle mayo
juicy much?
Souffle pancakes, black sesame edible coral and muscovado red bean paste
Carne asada tacos with green onions and serranos
Black Truffle Pasta with Parmesan and Egg Yolk
Salas, queso, guacamole and chicharrones.
Smoked Turkey
ny style pizza with extra cheese, pepperoni, and hamburger
Oatmeal Creme Pies
Pancakes 😋
a hot pickled egg
Pork medallions with mushroom cream sauce, mashed purple potatoes, and pan fried green beans
Sichuan Kung Po Chicken (a lot of nuts in it) with Jasmine Rice
German Sauerbraten with bohemian dumpling and red cabbage
grew my own pumpkin this year. Made pumpkin bread muffins, and purée from the leftovers.
agnolotti di capesante
Salted Chocolate Chunk Shortbread Cookies
Empanada gallega.
Cake with orange.
a Mac and cheese burger
Baked a sourdough loaf.... mum died and this is her starter ...did OK I think
Cutting into my debut  Beef Wellington
Honey Baked Ham
Loco moco from christmas' prime rib gravy and cauli-rice
Homestyle Pasta
Sticky bbq ribs!
SPONGY RASAGULLA
Stuffed Peppers
Pork flavored shoyu soup
Homegrown and Homemade Jalapeno Poppers
Classic Paella
Italian Pastaroni
Sautéed rice with lemon-scented veal ragout
My attempt to make a birthday cake for my br0ther inspired on Hagrid’s cake for Harry
How to make the perfect  cheeseburger 🍔
Dragon Fruit Smoothie
Jumbo Pork Gyozas
Pizza Hut
Low carb charcuterie board
My das made shrimp stir fry with rice
Chilled Shaved Ice
Bacon eggs and cheese on fresh baked croissant &amp; fried potatoes with homemade ketchup
14 pound prime rib roast
Gulab jamun, an Indian sweet made with saffron
Meth! (Rock Candy)
Bacon egg and cheese sandwich
Making a Sangwich
Chilaquiles Verdes
Late night grilled cheese: Muenster and colby jack on homemade bread.
Korean style whole beef ribs
Panellets, a traditional dessert for "La castanyada" (catalan Halloween equivalent), they are different flavoured marzipan sweets
Steak tartare made from my family farm cattle and topped with lightly poached egg yolk, paired with toasted sea salt bagel chips and minced shallots.
orange pasta with meatballs and broccoli
My chocolate Oreo Halloween cake
Sausage Gravy, eggs and ham
Dutch Apple Pie
Pumpkin Ravioli with Sage, Hazelnut and Brown Butter Sauce
Gyu-Don (beef rice bowl)
Eggs Benedict Florentine
Roast Turkey &amp; Fondant Potatoes.
Pork Chop with Dijon Cream Pan Sauce, Mashed Baby Dutches with Roasted Chicken Creme Fraiche Gravy, Spinach with Apple Mustard Vinaigrette
Butter chicken, naan and kale salad.
Medium rare, dry aged Hereford sirloin, with grilled asparagus, smoked aubergine (eggplant!), and fresh baguette.
Pasticcio
Yuzu extract. Any ideas on how to use it?
pork chop and apple sauce finally
Spaghetti Allen Vongole
Carnitas, fry bread, rice, and pico de gallo
Chocolate peanut butter wedding cake
Bacon wrapped pork filled stuffed with spinach, pesto and cheese served with green beans and sweet potato mash.
Ice with Rum - Happy Black Friday
Julia Child’s boeuf bourguignon
spicy chicken dumpling soup
Raclette Burger with Fries
Lionfish Sashimi from the forbidden lounge in Disney Springs Orlando.
CharSiu Pork
New M&amp;S Delivery!
Ropa vieja and Cuban black beans
Goat cheese prosciutto crostini
Breakfast pasta with bacon, feta, tomatoes, arugula and eggs.
We are a communication agency. A photo of a  pasta 🍝 🍝. Like it? 🔥🇮🇹
Gulab Jamun  | How to make Gulab Jamun in 5 Minutes | Never Waste Old Bre...
Chile verde tortas with chicken breast pickled peppers.
Beef fajitas
Breakfast in Hawaii. Potato hash, local fresh avocado, local fresh poached eggs. Potatoes and eggs are all locally sourced. The avocado is off of our trees. So glad that I found this subreddit. You all are going to get tired of me. I cook a lot. Kitty is my old cat, Khan.
BUNS
Malva Pudding
Detroit Style Pizza, garlic cream sauce, 12 hour cooked onion/shallot jam, mozzarella
Show me your sandwich theme song on banjo and sandwich review
Harissa Honey-Glazed Chicken with Vegetables &amp; Lemon Couscous.
an adult lunchable/charcuterie board
Teochew Beef Noodles
Air fryer wings with homemade Taco Mac ranch
Beautiful, healthy, and delicious
Mahi Mahi on a Harissa tomato sauce with a fennel purée
Korean ramen : Neoguri (너구리)
Puto, Filipino rice cakes with cheese on top.
Garlic and onion eggs scrambled in bacon fat, Steak cut Bacon, Pork and beef breakfast sausage, hashbrown and squirrelly bread with butter.
a enchilada Casserole (i think i spelled that right 😅)
Cauliflower Cheese and Bacon
Rum Cake with pecans
Steak Paella
Burmese Mohingyar
Flank steak, broccoli, baked potatoes, and shrimp
Chocolate Cake.
stuffed spaghetti squash
shrimp tacos
Egg, Ham, and Cheese Hot Pockets
Salisbury steak
Look I made this chicken not very well presented Ik but it was good and I’m proud of it
Made a cake using only leftovers from the Christmas baking.
Valentines sushi
Been making Shepherd’s Pie for four years now, never made one that didn’t leak. I’m pretty pleased with myself on this one.
Chicken and Lasagna
Bread.
Mocha and Khalua cream Buche de Noel!
13 and I made this
Lemon Yogurt Marinated Grilled Chicken
Clams &amp; Pasta
Pumpkin Pie!
I like to get creative with my toast
Focaccia with rosemary and garlic
Shredded chicken taquitos!
a lobster roll and chips
Strawberries
double elbow pasta with Parma Rosa sauce and Italian grilled chicken
exquisite chicken breaded heavenly. Well cooked fries and a superior biscuit
Blueberry muffins recipe
“” breakfast quesadilla.
Eggs Benedict.
Red Chile Cheese Enchiladas with Diced Onion and Mexican Sour Cream
Grilled cheese w/egg and salami
Japanese butter and soy spaghetti with asparagus and bacon
Soya Chunks Fried
Rice bowl
scramble eggs, baked mashed potatoes and bacon
Pistachio Macarons
Shepherd's Pie with slow cooked shredded beef
Sweet potato, avocado, black bean and green rice
Rolled Sea bass &amp; pea Purée
30 min miso ramen with tofu and spinach
Cheesecake board birthday cake
I enjoyed a dutch baby this morning with my partner.
Gordon Ramsay’s scrambled eggs and avocado toast
I did Babish's reverse seared ribeye but I dry brined it for 5hrs prior. Man was this good!
slow baked bbq ribs, 5 cheese macaroni, kale salad, and eloté!
pumpkin spice cinnamon rolls
Boiled Chestnuts
chocolate covered strawberry cake
Bag of just lucky charm marshmallows. Dreams do come true. Spreading the word
What Christmas dinner looks like for a lot of people in Germany
Sunday Brunch for me and the wife!
Taco Night!
Cauliflower-Zucchini-Soup with Zucchini
filet, broccoli and garlic mashed potatoes.
Roasted root vegetables
Cod with lemon &amp; cayenne. Mash potato, green beans, carrot ribbons with garlic &amp; chilli
Breakfast pizza with country gravy sauce on leftover naan
Soft shell crab sandwich
Beef Burger, I'm a novice btw :)
chicken noodle soup
Dark chocolate cookies dipped in white chocolate topped with crushed peppermint
this beautiful meat and cheese platter
Buttermilk, Pink Salted Butter, Duck Butter &amp; Lemon Brown Butter
Fried Scallops with Pasta al Aglio olio
Pelmeni/ Пельмени .. a lot
I made different kind of food...can you halep me??
Hokkaido milk bread
Pan seared Scallops
PUBG Ngoài Đời Thật: Chế BIến món SÚP từ Quả BOM - Thánh Nấu Ăn ASMR Sto...
Hangover Soup
apple pie!
Slider burgers
Pepperoni and Jalapeno Naan Pizza
this burger
Strawberry buttermilk xmas tree scones before going into the oven
Air Fried Lechon Kawali
Cutout cookies
Chocolate Hazelnut Praline Cake
Pasta with wild garlic pesto, tomatoes, Himalayan salt, garlic and olive oil.
Avocado and Shrimp Wrap With Fries and a Salad
Spaghetti alla vongole, Spinach ricotta ravioli, Funghi trifolati &amp; Antipasti platter
Gyoza
Today I ate this delicious  dish
Chinese five spice chicken with garlic parmesan pasta
Cinnamon Rolls :D
general tso chicken
Trying out my new Combo Griller
Buttercream cupcakes
waffles with vanilla ice cream
big kimchi dumpling
Chicken tandoori sandwich
Maple Blueberry Pie
,Quenelles de mahi mahi
Burger-Buns
Everyone needs a “dash” in their life. Eating and drinking healthy is supposed to be fun and taste good! Cheers to a new year.
Chocolate cupcakes with a whipped chocolate cream frosting
- Grilled Cheese
Roast Chicken, Pierogi and Green Beans
chocolate coconut cake
NY style dough salami cheese pizza
Chicken Parmesan with Spaghetti Squash and Kiwi
Ramen with 9-hour mostly pork broth &amp; pulled pork.
Mini Bombay Style Chicken Kebab Sandwiches
Hot Ham &amp; Havarti Croissan-Wich w/ Jalapeno Cheese Gravy Dip
Fudge Nut Brownie
Nordic Bread &amp; BullsEye
Japanese Strawberry Sandwich
Beef Tenderloin Lollipops w/Chimichurri
I made the perfect pancake this morning!
Be part of an exciting NYU research study exploring health-related quality of life for adults with and without food allergies! Must be 18-64 years of age, US resident
Pizzoccheri
Lemon Garlic Shrimp Parmesan Alfredo with roasted Broccoli.
Sunday breakfast with farm fresh quail eggs.
Mexican socca pizza with roasted chipotle sweet potatoes and black beans, topped with a jalapeño tomatillo salsa, arugula and ranch.
Gnocchi in a gogonzola, rosemary and cream sauce with tenderstem brocoli
Classic Thanksgiving
Duck Quesadilla with Roasted Red, Green, and Poblano Peppers, in Chipolte Sauce
My calzone special the other night
Easy no-bake kinda cake
pancakes
Chicken empanadas (amateur)
Bread made into a afternoon snack.
Chinese Bhel
Mcdonald‘s Nasi Lemak with Spicy Fried Chicken
Grilled pork chop with roasted garlic rub and apple mostarda.
I make grilled cheeses to make everyone in my house happy.
Double patty smash burger
Ramen
Mesquite smoked cajun chicken.
Fish &amp; Chips
Butternut Squash Mac &amp; Cheese
Rice with assorted curries
Tonkotsu ramen with more toppings than broth
Hurricane fries with crispy chicken katsu.
Matcha Latté
Baked Chicken Green Bean Casserole and Sugar Cookies
Pepperoni, hot honey and low moisture mozzarella on 30% hydration dough
12 natural ways to cure eye-related problems - Times of India
- France - Morbihan - Billiers - Penn-Lann - Gourmet meal
chorizo, egg, hash brown, green chile and cheese breakfast burrito
Cheeseburgers....hello Spring 😍
Garlic Parmesan Twists
Pumpkin pie
Moroccan White Round Bread
Chicken tandoori with rice pilaf &amp; 3 chutneys
Conecuh sausage with peppers, onions, garlic in a Parmesan cheese cream sauce with rigatoni noodles.
Pumpkin vanilla swirl ice cream with goats!
Shrimp &amp; Veggie Stir Fry
Cheesy Crushed Roast Potatoes with Bacon
Fresh, hand rolled sesame bagels.
Kangaroo meat for the Raclette
520Cal Kebab and chips home
Crispy pork lard
Christmas Prime Rib
Filet mignon with garlic butter
https://ift.tt/3oXI1KU
Freshly baked brioche buns
risotto with grilled bell peppers and baked halloumi
Tempura with Tare French Beans and Rice
Turkey Chili
My daughters full English breakfast
a delicious Ramen bowl
Fancy Lads Snack Cakes
Deluxe Double Burger with Homemade Pickles and Carmelized Onions!
Tri-tip, asparagus and mushroom/shallot marsala sauce.
Cheesecake with Blueberry Compote
Nashville fried chicken
Death By Chocolate cake 🤤 before it was cut into it had chocolate truffles all around the cake!
Trout, Carp, Corn bread, Bakery potatoes
buns/bread bowls
MRT-3 maintenance provider relieves personnel involved in viral video - CNN Philippines
cheeseburger with iceberg, onion and jalapeño burger sauce
Chicken Pot Pie with Puff Pastry
Social Media Logo Facebook, Youtube, Twitter, Snapchat - | LEMON Pancake
Avocado Toast
Buttermilk brined roast chicken.
Sausage, peppers, onions and cherry tomatoes
Toad in the hole with pigs in blankets.
Strawberry Lemonada Cake

Belgian chocolate truffle with a salted caramel cream
bbq chicken halloween monster wrap
Salmon Poke
Strawberry Toaster Strudel
BIG, MAGICAL DISCOUNTS! Best Baskin-Robbins Coupons &amp; Promo Codes  Baskin-Robbins
cinnamon coffee cake
Charcoal Grilled Al Pastor Skewers
Salt and pepper calamari strips with sweet chilli and tartare
Steehead and Jalabeaños
gotta love the simple bacon, egg, and cheese bagel breakfast sandwich
Orange chicken over rice with homemade crab Rangoon.
Butter Chicken Lasagna
Grilled lamb chops.
Not perfect, but perfect for me
Iraqi-style Biryani
Chicken Fried Steak
Glazed beef, carrot puree, grilled pumpkin, pickled chantelleres, crispy kale and a red wine sauce
Fried Oreos and funnel cake.
Hum Cheese Pie Recipe - Ζαμπονοτυροπιτα Πιτσα Συνταγη – Ζαμπονοτυροπιτα Με Μπεσαμελ
chicken and egg noodles.
tenderloin steak with pepper sauce, mashed potatoes and baby spinach
Breakfast Skillet with a Balsamic Reduction
Lemon and Raspberry Macarons!
Top Dems sack Capitol security officials after deadly riot - POLITICO
smothered fajita burritos
Eggs Benny with hash browns
a chili’s cheese dog and a Chicago dog
Rainbow cake
vanilla cookies with custard and cardamom sugar!
Instant Pot Red Chili🌶 Pork Tamales🫔
Uncured, hickory smoked bacon (homegrown and butchered)
sausage in a cup with gravy
Opera Cake with a Chocolate tossed Pailleté feuilletine base
Bicycle Mac and Cheese!
Ginger lemon fried shrimp
Bacon Egg Cheddar Avocado Hot Sauce English Muffin Breakfast for my face hole
pumpkin ravioli with the appropriate amount of cheese
Philly cheesesteak
...That feeling when you make better pasta at home than what they bring you in a restaurant 🤩 (pasta with butter sauce, prawns &amp; parsley) 🤤
Big mac minus the unnecessary middle bun
LAMB SHANKS
Falafel and Basmati rice plate
KETO RECIPES
Longaniza with Eggs
Smoked, pickled beets
Linzer Cookies
HOOPLA™ announces a new snack!
Mexican Pizza and Cheesy Fiesta Potatoes
Spaghetti n Meatballs
ON Kids
sausage stuffing and celery salad. More to come!
Beef stew atop of creamy polenta
Double foiled wrapped Beef Brisket oven slow cooked at 250'f for 6hrs
GTA Online: Raging NPC Suffers the Best Instant Karma in New Viral Video - ComicBook.com
Seafood in lemon cream sauce
Short rib Poutine
Pulled Pork Hash with Lemon Dijon Drizzle
Cranberry Jam Recipe for Beginners! (How to make  Cranberry Jam)
Herb smoked chicken
Skillet Cornbread
By some miracle, I managed to pull off Gluten Free Beef Wellington
Bagel
Sous Vide BBQ Pork Ribs Part 2
Chicken Wings with Tamarind Soy glaze
Cast iron skillet personal pizzas
Porterhouse &amp; Fries
Bacon &amp; Canadian bacon
Trying to determine what size fry cutter my wife prefers...
Peach Galette with Corn and Blueberry Icecream
Carnitas Nachos
Peanut butter
lots of anxiety today, so I made cast iron pizza with whole milk mozzarella and Italian sausage
Stir-Fried Rice Cakes w/ Chopped Kimchi + Eggs
Pecan cinnamon brown sugar pear galette
English Walnut Sourdough
Churros
Halloumi and Falafel in a herby semolina wrap.
Butter Chicken and Cumin-Basmati Rice
My significant other and I are very proud of our  greasy spoon style breakfast - crisp perfection bacon, hashies coated in the fat, garlic mushrooms/tomatoes, tenderloin chunks, and a baguette lightly fried then smothered in salty butter! I hope all of 2021 tastes this good...
Alaskan Halibut Tacos, with coleslaw, avocado, and pickled red onion.
Souviaki chicken.
Orange and Lemon Shortbread Cookies
NY Strip, potato, shiitake mushrooms
baby back ribs
Grilled barramundi and chips with garden salad
red pepper and tomato penne w/basil, parmesan and olive oil.
A little something I made last night, spaghetti and meatballs sprinkled with parmigiano – Reggiano
Flan
sesame sweet chilli roast chicken
Cheese Burgers
baked cookies.
Tuna steak with rice and Italian salad
Steak and Pasta Bowl
My take on the Philly Cheesesteak
Butter chicken
Lobster Rolls
Roasted Duck with Veggies
Vietnamese Chicken Noodle Salad Bowl!
Virtual cooking classes more food and dining news - The Detroit News
Chicken Tikka Masala with Jasmine Rice (Joshua Weissman Recipe)
Fresh toasted Sourdough with House cured and smoked Bacon, Cream Cheese, Maple Syrup, &amp; Parmesan
Roasted Garlic Parmesan Cauliflower
Two Birds One Plate
Tortillas
Carolina Cheese Burger
eggs over easy with hot sauce, maple sausage and bacon
Portuguese Octopus Rice. Greens and bell peppers missing
Gulf Coast Oyster Po'Boy
The best Tuscan Chicken Sandwich recipe  plzz go watch pro chef
Ribeye steak with mashed potatoes and asparagus
a charcuterie board!
Andouille Sausage Mini Corndogs &amp; Truffle Tots
Seitan Steak, Fried Peppers, Deep Fried Chips, Coconut Mushroom sauce
Brown butter and almond financiers
Negroni and Pomegranate Pavlova
Classic Lebanese breakfast.
Seriously Happy about the Baked Potatoe Soup. Just happy to enjoy cooking again!!
Orange chicken
Frappuccinos
veggie chilli
Recall Is Issued for Sportmix Pet Food After 28 Dogs Die - The New York Times
Crispy Fried Prawn Wontons
dry fruits
Mojito
Cheesecake bars with homemade caramel sauce.
Moong dal tadka and paratha
Since it’s #blackhistorymonth did I mentioned we are patented &amp; made in USA Lockitplates.com
Lobster w/ crabmeat in a lemon-butter sauce
samgyethang
pan-seared salmon with dill beurre-blanc
completely  s’mores tart
Which is tastier in Italian food?
fried potstickers
Burrito by the fire tonight
Product Launch &amp; Business Meet Invitation
Freschetta pepperoni pizza “REVERSE BAKED” in a $199 commercial pizza oven = preheated to 570 degrees, insert frozen pizza, shut off oven, wait 15 minutes &amp; done!
Soto Soup
My own creation. I spent two days on it.
Rainbow Icecream
Early Xmas turkey
Surf &amp; Turf. Fillet Steak &amp; Scallops
• Baked Berry Cheesecake with a Chocolate Biscuit Base
This turkey sandwich I just made.
bacon double cheese smash burger
SwimSwam Viral Video of the Month - January: @yagirlmadz - SwimSwam
pepperoni pizza spring rolls
With the end of the pandemic no where in sight... decided I needed a companion. Meet Bunsen, adopted from the Humane Society at 4 months old!
Coconut walnut chocolate chip cookies
pasta fazool
Hot Cheeto Chicken Nuggets &amp; Tater Tots!
Korean Samgyeopsal Dinner, Various Banchan, and Spicy Soybean Paste Stew
Smoked Chuck Roast
Low Carb Pizza with Olive Oil Oregano Mozzarella, Parmesan, Garlic and Pepperonis
Babish’s short ribs recipe
sourdough breaded mushroom “steaks”, vegetables n prawn in Sharchar sauce, rice
Puerto Rican yellow rice w/ pigeon peas, chicken stew and a pastelito.
made some spaghettis with spinach and sausages.
Scallops
Pissaladière
Tomato-Mango-Tagliatelle with Salmon.
It’s always worth starting the coals, even for a 5 min cook
Sukiyaki with A5 Wagyu
pancakes with some berries and maple syrup
""Mom's Hummus Recipe מתכון חומוס של אמא
Wagyu A5 Tenderlion
: a Celeste 4 cheese pizza. Where are the other three cheeses?!
Calories in 300 grams of Beer - Brown Ale.
Burger night! Along with a Housemade camp fire sauce!
Chicken katsu ramen. Tried to get a decent pic.
ratatouille, pasta and olives :)
Soufflé Pancakes topped with mascarpone Cream and Chocolate Chips
T-bone steak w/ rosemary garlic compound butter, roasted fall veggies and arugala salad.
Garlic bread rolls
Filet Mignon burger with Caramelized Onions
Egg Bread | Gyeran Ppang | Korean Street Food
https://youtu.be/wu_mLoaIH7M
Teriyaki Pineapple Chicken
Eggs Benedict with Serrano Ham
Paneer Chilli
Soft Pretzel with Mustard Dipping Sauce
Australian Wagyu Picanha
Stuffed Caprese Chicken in Balsamic Vinegar Sauce with a side of roasted brussel sprouts and bacon bits.
traditional spaghetti and beef meatballs
Nashville Hot Chicken Wings
No-meat """Ausie""" hamburgers
Cinnamon Sugar Pretzels
Crock Pot Pork Ribs in Honey BBQ Sweet Baby Ray's
BBQ Pork Chop, sauteed green beans w thai chili sauce and some pasta salad.
Meat Lovers Pan Pizza with Garlic Butter Crust
Penne pasta with homemade marinara paired with pan seared salmon in lemons garlic butter topped with basil.
Chicken Wings and Parmesan Fries
Mint Chocolate Chip ice cream
Sweet purple rice cooked in bamboo.
Chocolate cookies
fried pork dumplings with dipping sauce
Today i ate pierogis! Dough and filling
Birthday thali/platter for my son - Bengali festive meal
hazelnut maple praline pancakes
simple homemade chicken shawarma on wooden skewers!
‘Sometimes you just need a hug’: Video of little boy hugging his friend goes viral - The Indian Express
Pancakes, Eggs, and Sausage
Pretzel bites with Everything Bagel Seasoning
potato skins mac and cheese
Grilled steak, baked potato and carrots with dill!
dry aged beef burger with beet ketchup
Christmas steak for one
Veggie tortilla wraps
meatloaf, potato gratin and cherry tomato sauce
Lasagne
Gulab jamun cake
Scallops atop mashed potatoes
Veggie &amp; Herb Shepard’s Pie
White tomato garlic pizza
Mango cheesecake
Egg Custard Tarts!
Lamb (w/ ginger, scallions and carrots) dumplings
Snack board
Made breakfast hash out last night steak and baked potato.
Chocolate cakesicles
Pork Katsu Curry
Chicken Alfredo w/ Broccoli
Nicaraguan Gallo Pinto aka Rice and Beans served with crema &amp; smoked cheese
Pavlova Snowman Bonbons and Gingerbread Bonbons
meatballs
Dry Aged ribeye with wood fired shrimp and Bourbon glazed pecan green beans
ilFornino Wood Fired Nachos
Hotteok | Korean Sweet Pancakes
Pain au chocolat...initial attempt!
Chickpeas Curry with turmeric rice and a carrot salad
A5 Wagyu Rigcap
Raviolo al’ Uovo!
Nudlos
Pig Cake
Coconut Cream Pie with Syrup Glaze
321 method on the ribs, smoked Mac and some ruined broccoletti I didn’t want anyways 😂
thousand layers matcha cake
cheddar scallion biscuits w sausage gravy
Ham and provel cheese scones
Porched Eggs
beef rolled tacos!
Pulled Pork and Kielbasa Sandwich
Bacon topped twice baked potatoes
Fried chicken.
One potato, dinner is ready in 10 minutes and some moves from Chef Burak حبة بطاطس واحدة والعشاء جاهز في 10 دقايق وشوية حركات من بتاعة الشيف بوراك
Tried my hand at prime rib on Christmas Eve.
Pork Wontons in Spicy Sesame Sauce
Pho with Rare Ribeye Steak and Beef Balls
Garlic Rosemary rack of lamb
https://ift.tt/2MsTEuM
Orange ginger chicken with veg, and slivered almonds.
Our take on Mexican pizza from Tacobell - !!
Orange ricotta cookies!
Falafel with Black Garlic Toum (a Lebanese intense garlic condiment).
3 Cheese Mac w/ crispy panko Au Gratin
Leftover Turkey Dinner with Red Onion Jam &amp; Garlic Gravy
Death by Chocolate Cake covered with White Cream
Salted Cinnamon ice cream
korean-inspired beef! gochujang, gochugaru, vinegar, sugar, soy sauce!
Simple mozzarella and basil Pizza.
waffle with blueberry syrup
I ate *shrimp rice bowl*
Seared Scallops
Longanisa Maki Sushi.
Traditional US Christmas dinner for me and my son.
Lomo Saltado with Tallarines a la Huancaina.
Chimichurri Steak Salad, w/ pan-seared bone-in NY strip and homemade sauce
Chicken Souvlaki Dinner
Carnitas
Chicken Noodle Soup &amp; Grilled Cheese with Muenster, Havarti and American
Kale Pasta
My birthday cake. This is way.
Focaccia and locally sourced stuffed olives, chorizo and Brie.
My favorite sauce.
Cioppino for Valentines dinner
Beef Wellington, in a departure from my usual Christmas turkey
a birthday burger from Bob’s Burgers. Bet It All On Black Garlic
steak, potatoes, corn, carrots.
Okra, tomatoes, feta, olives
Pork Tenderloin Medallion and Smashed Potatoes in White Wine, Garlic and Mushroom Sauce
Ribeye topped w/charred yellow onions, brown beech, shiitake, oyster mushrooms. Served with oven roasted potatoes and honey glazed carrots.
classic cutout sugar cookies!
Mom’s pot roast
Giant platter of sloppy nachos
Crispy Cheddar Cheesy Fathead Pepperoni Pizza
brownie and caramel macchiato
Pizza and Austin East Ciders Cranberry at Bru City in Euless
baby back ribs and elote
Buttermilk biscuits, whipped cream (Thanksgiving dinner)
finally got my own place and space to pickle things. any tips?
Chocolate Babka
Souffle Omelette
Hazelnut espresso truffle cookie sandwiches with a chocolate ganache center
Chicken Karaage with Japanese Potato Salad
bacon, egg &amp; cheese
Sourdough Marine Loaf (before and after)
Lamb shanks with rosemary potatoes and asparagus
Egg and porchetta sandwich
I just made some ramen and I’m proud of it 😁
Browa
Hershey’s kiss peanut butter cookies
Veggie Black Bean Burguer with Sriracha Mayo!
a Burger from rodeo goat in Fort Worth, tx
Creme Brûlée
Red wine braised oxtail with pappardelle pasta
chocolate lava cake with raspberry sauce. So decadent and delicious!
tonkatsu with secret sauce.
No bake Oreo Balls | Oreo Dessert Recipe | Oreo Truffle | 5 मिनिट में बनाये ओरियो बिस्किट से लड्डू |
Fillet Steak
Crème brûlée
scones
burrata, smoked salmon, garden fresh tomatoes with basil and a balsamic glaze drizzle
Boneless Tandoori Chicken
How are mothers’ born with skill like this? My mother is a professional. And by Reddit’s requirements
Lasagna with Bolognese and Pecorino Bechemal
feta dip is my love language ✨
“”French Onion Gruyere Pear Galette
Birria Tacos
Taiwanese Stinky Tofu
Blueberry Pancakes
Zoey’s Hot Chicken Sandwich
Roasted fennel and blood orange
Potato gnocchi with basil, pinenut, cashew, parmesan &amp; green tomato pesto, basil oil &amp; prosciutto.
ham and cheese omelette
Penne with saffron, green beans, onions, and pecorino cheese
Wilkin &amp; Sons Tiptree Orange &amp; Tangerine Fine cut Marmalade and Cultured Butter on a toasted Bays English Muffin served with Twining's Earl Grey Black Tea
Focaccia brushed a/ dry aged beef tallow, lemon zest, rosemary, flaky salt
Roasted chicken and veggies with garlic mash
Chili with air fried tortillas and avocado
BLT derivative - the BLART (bacon, lettuce, avocado, ranch, tomato)
Brisket up
giant Yorkshire puddings
Plant-based 'Fry-up' breakfast.
Sugar Cookies and Gingerbread Cookies
this here chicken vermicelli salad.
Filipino adobo and steamed veggies over brown rice
Hog roast and apple burger on a toasted bun with southern fried fries
Fried Green Tomatoes
Crunchwrap - you guys kept talking about them, I had to try!
Milk and Cookies Cake
Beef birria tacos with consommé
A Kamayan (communal-style Filipino feast)
Sattu Parantha
BBQ pork with egg, rice &amp; shallots - Hong Kong style
chicken tikka masala with rice
Spinach Pasta Bolognese
Chocolate (chip) compound cookies
yeast rolls with rosemary
Cannelloni with my  pasta
Stir Fry vegetables in soy sauce with rice.
Brunch nest
Burns Supper. Balmoral Chicken with Peppercorn Sauce, Neeps &amp; Tatties 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿
Natural dogs
Skillet pizzas
Acai Bowl
wood fired pizza, (after several disastrous attempts)
Birria Quesa Tacos
Scallops with peas and bacon
"" Burger Patty
Instant Shin ramen with extra ingredients ;)
Stuffed Pears with Honey-Cheese and Sugar Glaze.
Study finds SARS CoV-2-related viruses in Southeast Asian animals - Mint
Steak Piazzolla and Jalapeño Cornbread
Beef satay, peanut sauce, cucumber relish and white toast.
Cinnamon French toast made with honey wheat bread, piping hot Adirondack maple syrup, thick cut hickory smoked bacon, and apple slices
Smoked pulled pork cornbread shooters
Guac-nog!
fridge is getting an upgrade tomorrow, so had to use up leftovers. Deicided to make a chicken stir-fry
Sugar pecans
Another attempt at bread, it was okay
Brown butter chocolate-chip cookies
Mango Sticky Rice
cheese and sautéed corn enchiladas
Red Borsch, Stroganoff, Egg Noodles &amp; Summer Salad
Repost - Blueberry, goat cheese, Graham cracker ice cream
Cast-iron pan pizza
Chilly dog heaven
Steak Tip Beef Stew
Early morning Philly Cheesesteak
carrot cake with cream cheese frosting
cheesecake with homegrown quinces!
Beef Ribs
Spam Musubi w/ some flair
Healthy Pizza Recipe
a fantastic Lobster Roll at my last visit to NYC. So good!
epic spit venison in the wild
some dark chocolate hot cocoa bombs I made
Mango Pudding
Afghan Food Platter
Pumpkin and bacon pie
OMG Sandwich - Italian Prosciutto, Spicy Salami, Capocollo, Mortadella, Porchetta, Smoked Mozzarella, Roasted Artichokes and Tomatoes, Lettuce, House-made Giardiniera, French’s Mustard, Mayo with Italian Black Truffle Infusion
eggs Benedict with smoked salmon and avocado.
Honey garlic pork chops
Gnocchi pesto with chicken, bacon, spinach and grated Parmesan cheese
I ate Pork ribs BBQ sausage
Cauliflower fritters
Vanilla custard with almond praline
tomato noodle soup with three cheese grilled cheese
cookie cake OC
Chicken Stroganoff
Ramen with peanut miso broth and imported Japanese noodles
chili lime salmon, fried queso rice balls, and black beans
baked oysters - with wakame and hard cheese - wow, everyone should try it!
Wings, Jalapeño poppers, and Buffalo sauce.
Easy Noon Gora (Yellow Pitta) Recipe
NYT No-knead bread
salted and everything seasoned pretzel bites with white cheddar beer cheese dip
there’s no taco box option around where I live so I made my own!
Lemon Curd - Perfect for Pancakes and in Lemon Buttercream!
Knockoff CoCo Curry
Bagels: everything, dill/rosemary/salt, onion.
grilled cheese sandwich (ghost/jalapeño pepper cheddar &amp; brie)
Tomahawk steaks with chimichurri sauce, truffle mac n cheese, fondant potatoes and popovers.
10 oz ribeye with Stilton and goats cheese sauce
Butter basted grass fed strip steak
Jaffa "Cake"
Buttered lobster tails with twice baked potatoes and avocado caesar salad
Club Sandwich
https://ift.tt/2NDbMD3
baked salmon and hasselback potato
Dumplings with Vinegar-Sesame Oil Dipping Sauce
Pepperoni, Italian Sausage, Mushrooms, Onions, and Black Olives Pizza
Mini Waffles
Ny Strip &amp;Portobello French Dip on Buns rubbed with Roasted Garlic then Buttered &amp; Grilled, with White American &amp; White Cheddar cheeses and old bay fries
Pork Tacos, salsa and deconstructed Elote.
Couscous
chicken and rice with homemade teriyaki sauce and asparagus
bread and butter pudding.
- Tater Tot Hotdish
Pigs in a blanket
Rigatoni Chicken and Mushroom with Garlic Bread
Prayagraj: Viral video of heated argument b/w female Inspector Truffle scrambled.
Wok fried rice
Char Siu
assorted sushi
Beef wellington
Cupcakes
taco tater tot casserole
Steak Caesar salad I made for lunch yesterday!
pan seared lamb chops
Graduation sugar cookies
Cheese Spread w/ Nuts, Tomato &amp; Jerky Strips
Toshikoshi Soba for our New Year Dinner. It is the traditional dish to eat in Japan to bring in the new year with the long noodle denoting the crossing from one year to the next
Duck ragu on rigatoni with shaved pecorino
fusili for crawfish pasta. It’s Mardi Gras season, y’all!
Serbian Cevapi
moose tartar with homemade smetana and rye sourdough onion rings
Döner-Teller/Doner Kebab Plate (PS3 for scale)
Cold Seafood Platter
Receta de tarta de chocolate
Reverse seared prime beef tenderloin.
Sở hữu vẻ ngoài chắc chắn, được trang bị motor mới 100%, có thể đánh trộn đa năng, máy đánh kem trứng trộn bột 15 Lit B15G đang được nhiều cửa hàng làm bánh tin dùng. Bài viết dưới đây của Bếp Đỏ sẽ cung cấp cho bạn cái nhìn toàn diện nhất về dòng máy đánh kem trứng này.
Ramen with Charred Scallions, Green beans, and Chill Oil. I added pork for some protein. The recipe is from NYT Cooking
Nashville Hot Chicken and it was GLORIOUS
slow cooked pulled beef and coleslaw sandwiches, with fries
Pineapple Upside-down Cake
Lamb chops with dark chocolate pepper sauce, rosemary mashed potatoes, green beans with pickled shallots and toasted breadcrumbs
Second batch  baklava (beginner edition)! It came out great hence the missing pieces.
Taco Bell's Mexican Pizza
Philly cheese stuffed peppers
Crunchy Spinach And Cheese Gozleme
pumpkin panna cotta
grilled (but also half oven cooked) ribs I ate
Coquito
Ox cheek with garlic mashed potatoes
Sukiyaki
Ragi(Finger Millet Flour) Rava(Semolina) Dosa
tomato and herb pasta with feta stuffed peppers, cajun halloumi, mozzarella balls and garlic vine tomatoes
Canna Cherry Chocolate Chip Cookies
Egg fried rice with prawns
Show neighborly love by donating food items - WSIL TV - WSIL TV
Colombian Picada ( Corn, potatoes, Black Pudding, Meat, Sweet Plantain, Guacamole)
Thai Curry Blackened Chicken
Vietnamese noodle salad with egg roll, shrimp and pork
Seared tuna with a salad
trying TACO BELL in CHINA
surf and turf: sous vide butter poached filets and Alaskan king crab
Steak Enchiladas
Japanese Donburi
Double smash burger on home made Japanese milk burger buns
"" to make Kunafa Simple and Easy Recipe
Sous vide tri-tip with creamed spinach and mashed cauliflower
Honey Dijon w/Rosemary Chicken Thigh, smashed red potatoes, and baked asparagus
BBQ Chicken Soft Tacos
B.L.A.S.T. (Bacon, lettuce, avocado, steak, tomato)
Gumbo
Cool video on Portland's local soul food scene and Fried Chicken Sandwich
Ñoquis caseros
Sourdough English Muffin, Sage Pork Sausage, Poached Eggs, Hollandaise with Habanero Hot Sauce
Wild Caught Bluefin Tuna Poke
Philly Cheesesteaks
roasted a pig.
fried chicken eggs benedict
Uthappa
Costillas a la BBQ | Horneadas en Casa
Garden mandarin, lavender and olive oil granita / espresso whipped cream / essentially fancy shaved ice
Lentejas estofadas
Taco Box
this today.
Caprese Meatball Skewers - An Amazing Party Appetizer!
Egg in the hole
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles sugar cookies
Venison crockpot stew
Filet mignon, mashed potatoes, and green beans.
Maize &amp; Millet dhido with milk
lunch ideas
Fried chicken salad cups
Turkey and Colby cheese and Pepperoni and Colby cheese stuffed pretzels. Topped with cheddar and jalapeños.
Charcuterie/snacking board.
Surf n Turf Cheesesteak
Lemon pepper wet chicken tenders. Buffalo on left, Traditional on right.
Pizza with sweet Italian sausage, onion, hand-shredded fresh mozzarella
Pumpkin Cake Pops with Powered Sugar
ezogelin çorba ❣️❣️❣️❣️
Burger prep
Loaded baked potato- super thick bacon, pulled pork, cheddar, sour cream, green onions
Peruvian style “Pollo a la brasa”
Potato Curry
Chicken and Sausage Jambalaya, Greens, and homemade cayenne pepper hotsauce
Custardy French Style Omelette with Coffee and Toast
Cornish Pasties
Snowy Village Cake
Cheese curds
vanilla cake with strawberries and bananas
pumpkin bread with streusel topping
over the top chili
Gluten-free Nashville hot chicken sandwich
Chocolate + Hazelnut Torte
Chicken, corn, red bell pepper and cilantro pizza. Mozz and pecorino on a white base.
Cupcakes Dessert Frosting
pumpkin spice with chocolate chip waffles I made as a breakfast/dessert in spirit of fall. I love everything pumpkin and everything chocolate and this recipe was superb!
whole wheat burger buns - I pretend I'm healthy
creamy beef and shells!
Buffalo wings with seasoned fries, air fryer newbie!
Fettuccine pasta
Queso Fundido
Smoke Pork butt
Tuna Poké with coconut basmati brown rice and avocado
cheddar and gruyere mac and cheese
- Crispy_Vendakkai | Butter_Sweetcorn | Lunch_routine | Snacks
Bourekas
Apple Cinnamon Poptarts
Sesame seed bagels!
"" Air fryer
Chilled Salmon Sashimi
Buttermilk fried chicken and cheese grits
Strawberry and White Chocolate Cheesecake
Nutella rice pot
My  pork gyoza. Best so far!
puff pastry with spaghetti-like sauce filling
Pan-Fried Salmon with Roasted Asparagus and Fondant Potatoes
Spaghetti aglio e olio
Freshly made Linguine pasta
An Italian hot dog
backyard venison with blackberry red wine sauce
Sushi and asia side dishes
Pizza with Bacon, Asparagus, Olive, Tomato, Oil, Garlic, Mozzarella
Pho!
Cheesy Garlic Squares
Rainbow Fruit Bowl
Cheese Cake with blue berrys and kiwi
Puppychow is so good
Mix filled pasta
beef and potatoes curry
Chicken Fried Bacon
Steak and Swiss Sliders on Italian 5-grain
a lobster roll and fresh shrimp poutine
Retro tray bake with sprinkles and custard.
Applewood smoked pulled pork with homemade Carolina Gold sauce.
Hokkaido Bento- Snow crab, uni, ikura, salmon and scallops with pickled veg and rice
Strawberry and Almond Cream Pie for Christmas lunch.
Broiled Adobo Honey Salmon. Served with salad.
Braised kangaroo steak in red wine sauce and nockerl
potato, cheese, and onion pierogies with braised red cabbage
Snake River Farms Ribeye Cap (AKA Spinalis Major) and Sherried Mushrooms
Apple Pie attempt #2
Jack Daniel's BBQ Burger
Lamb Vindaloo
Tostadas!
everything bagel with truffle goose-liver Pâté, brie, and micro greens on the left; and cream cheese, slivered red onion, capers, smoked salmon, and arugula on the right!
Prasadam Katte Pongali Recipe కట్టే పొంగలి గుడిలో పెట్టే ప్రసాదం రుచిగా రావాలంటే ఈ విధంగా చెయ్యండి
Stuffed Shells
French Onion Soup
Vampirigiri (Spicy Tuna Mayo)
Super soft cheese bread
Fried pork loin chops, apple cider vinegar cabbage and Kraft dinner
Dampfnudel
Lobster Mac and Cheese!
Seven Layer Salad Recipe
New England Dutch Appeltaart
Chickpea Tuna salad
braised short rib over cheddar polenta
Roasted Chicken and Potatoes
the Best Bosnian Food in America!
cheese bagels
Beef Brisket Biria Tacos
Sage Sausage Gravy &amp; Biscuits
Midnight Breakfast Sandwich
moroccan chakchouka
Baba ghanoush
Food Insecurity &amp; Resiliency Podcast- This Series is focused on tackling food insecurity (We hope these innovative solutions out of Baltimore can serve as a national model to the rest of the country!)
jalapeño poppers (with home grown jalapeños)
eggs and truffle (home raised chickens!)
Pizza with extra cheese
Smoked NY strip, garlic and onion sautéed mushrooms, salt crusted baked potato
Red Marine Macro Algae in the Reef Tank - Livealgae UK
cheese fondue
Viral video: Bernie Sanders goes from meme lord to Sith lord in Battlefront mod - Dork Side of the Force
strawberries and cream wedding cake, with strawberries and cream &amp; chocolate mocha cupcakes in the background
"" french omelette
beef stroganoff
Karelian Pies
spicy mayo Chicken and Waffles for breakfast
Porchetta and Seasonal Vegetables
my Fav Chinese platter, one with baby corn chicken gravy and 🍚 rice at a restaurant back then before covid . Also anyone interested in supporting my new food Instagram??? @naga.foodie 🥰🥰🥰
Italian hoagie
avocado and baked eggs in homemade pastry shells
Bone marrow. Absolutely delicious
Steak and fries with A1
Apple pancake balls
Black sesame Swiss role
. Blackened shrimp pasta
key lime pie with homegrown limes!
salted caramel applesauce tarts
Montreal Smoked Meat Sandwich
sourdough milk buns
My Love made fresh-ground Smashburgers for my Cake Day
Wing Sampler
Breakfast sugar cookies
Christmas dinner, chateaubriand roast, hasselback potatoes and green beans with mushrooms
Making a delicious “” potato soup
Domino's pizza
Japanese Souffle Cheesecake
Turkey, mash, gravy, stuffing, green beans w/bacon, carrots, cransauce
Leftover Brisket, egg, and Brie cheese on a Brioche bun.
beef Wellington’s for Christmas that my mother made. (4th one is in the oven still)
a Cherry Nutella Tart
Pecan Pie and Cranberry Lime pie
Croquetas de Serrano Jamón
Cream puff
Ground Pork Tacos with Chimichurri and Lime Crema
Roasted Chicken with Butternut Squash Risotto, Seasoned Green Beans, and topped With Homemade Cranberry Sauce
Leftover Sliders
kebabs on a grill
Holstein Schnitzel
Sunday Dim Sum Spread
Crumpets with butter
Sweet Potato Wedges
Paneer Biryani
vagina sugar cookies
Recreated Food52 &amp; Sohla‘s One-Skillet Paprika Chicken Thighs &amp; Pepper Rice. *chefs kiss*
Charcoal grilled, bacon wrapped chicken thighs and cheese filled jalapeños
Spaghetti Ragù
Spicy pork and green beans with egg fried rice
Herb salmon with cauliflower mash and rocket/tomato salad
enchiladas with rice and beans
Some other Mexican Street Tacos.
Thüringer Bratwurst with Sauerkraut and smashed potatos.
Blackberry Mascarpone Crepes
Food and Meal Search
Shrimp tacos with arugula and mango salsa
Kung Pao Tofu
Stuffed chicken in balsamic vinegar sauce with Brussels sprouts topped with bacon bits
Spaghetti al Limone
Eggplant Parmigiana
Yellow watermelon ice cream bowl
Beef rendang, sayur lodeh (spiced vegetable coconut stew) and ketupat (compressed rice cakes)
Crispy kare-kare
Brownie Trifle
Rack of lamb with Yukon gold mash and homegrown green beans.
Roll Salt Bar Kaiser Roll Sesame Seed Bun For Breakfast
rolled ice cream ❤️ pumpkin spice on the left and oreo cheesecake on the right 😍
lockdown pizzas
Spicy Turkey Tacos
Strawberry Ice cream Recipe
chicken breast and rice
Danish open faced sandwiches with chicken salad, mushrooms and crispy skin
Crab from Hog Island CA
crispy Oreo cookie
Peanut Butter and Jelly Bread Pudding
Mochi Donuts (Seattle)
🌶️Waffled chutney toast with chopped chilipepper
chocolate “chess” pie
Smoked Fish &amp; Creamy Spaghetti
Chuck Eye with Chimichurri and Scrambled Eggs with Spinach and Parmesan for breakfast
No-bake  peanut butter cups Oreo chocolate cookie Irish cream cheesecake
Chicken Tikkas &amp; Mutton Seekh Kebabs
Marshmallow B3
creamy udon.
Chicken Breast and Rutabaga cooked with fresh rosemary and thyme
Chicago’s “Au Cheval”Double Cheeseburger w/ peppered bacon &amp; egg
savory doughnut
Filet mignon
We’ve done that meatloaf before too!
Shrimp and Grits
BBQ brisket, pork belly, and ribs
mushrooms and poached eggs with za’atar on toast.
Butter de pa Mantequilla
Traditional Romanian dessert which is made every year on 9 march
yum
I made pumpkin-shaped calzones and ghostly pizza.
How the history and legends of donuts changed the world.  donuts. Recipe in the description.
Masala Sweet Corn Fries
vegan &amp; Gluten-free gingerbread cookies
Steak and loaded baked potato
Philly cheese steak taco!
breaded chicken burger
Beef Chilli
Cassoulet with pork sausage and rabbit from a local animal ranch
Chocolate cake, chocolate ganache, raspberry filling, and chocolate swiss meringue buttercream
Pickled Birds Eye Chilly with Gooseberry.
Otoro Rice Bowl
Lemon raspberry meringues!
Smoked lamb topped with blueberry/blackberry reduction sauce and okra
Reverse seared tomahawk ribeye with a wine pairing
Pumpkin Pie
the bear flavor of instant ramen.
Sunday Roast Burger with Yorkshire Pudding, Carrot and Pea Purees
Crispy chicken strips
So I made chilli basil grass jelly
An early Valentine’s Day cake
This count as a salad? Bed of raw spinach, garden fresh tomato, bacon, croutons (sautéed in bacon grease) fried eggs topped with a sour cream /buttermilk dressing
breakfast mean served in a pan!!
homemade lasagne- fully vegan ✌🏻🌱
Crispy Cheddar Cheesy Fathead Pizza. (Recipe in comments.)
Shellfish Boil
Attempted Omelet
I ate a  fan
Tomato, Veggie, Quinoa Soup
Halloumi Tacos with Pineapple Salsa
Home-grown grapefruit marmalade
Kugelhopf
Made a recipe from the Bob’s burgers cookbook.
Steak two ways
Burger i made yesterday
onigiri and maki sushi
Painted Sourdough Bread
Delicious and Easy Keto Recipes for Weight Loss
Jethro’s boneless wings, brisket, half slab of ribs, quarter inch thick bacon, fries, mashed potatoes and potato salad
roasted turkey
Jalapeno Bacon Ranch Burger with Pretzel Bun
fried rice with spam
Sous Vide Fresh Spear Mint Chocolate Chip Ice Cream.
Fried rice with shrimp and codfish.
banana chocolate chip muffins on this snowy day
Caesar Salad &amp; Dressing.
Garlic Lemon Sesame Salad with Turmeric Chili Tofu and Turmeric Garlic Roasted Cauliflower
Sashimi
Salad Platter with Smoothie!
Creamy Tuscan Salmon w/ garlic, sun-dries tomatoes, and spinach!
Steak eggs and hash
Chocolate Chip Banana Bread Muffins
Moroccan Chicken and Rice
marshmallows my 11 year old son made for a school competition (he won btw)
yeast doughnuts with maple, chocolate,and vanilla glaze!
pumpkin pie, first try.
Beef Stew with bacon
Korean Ramyeon
Chai spiced chocolate chip cookies
Leftover steak tacos
Quinoa Bowl with Baked Chicken and Avocado
I laugh in the face of danger.... cheeseburger chowder gone wild
Boneless chicken legs and some mixed vegetables.
,Жуткие ингредиенты для файлов Печенье - Crazy Cooking ACMP cтоп моушен/М...
Spam Masubi
pepperoni pizza with mozzarella, fontina, jalapeños and drizzled with hot honey
there isn’t a better way to start the day than with this breakfast
This is the best bite on a piece of pizza, hands down.
Grilled pork chop, spinach mac and cheese.
Ham &amp; Salami Pizza
Grilled steak, batchoy and roasted garlic
Ham and Egg on a Bays English Muffin
Jamaican curry chicken
Seared Scallops with garlic parmesan and spinach risotto
Yellow corn waffles with a jalapeño, lime and garlic butter, topped with hot honey and maple syrup. Sides: Fiesta potatoes, fries cauliflower bites, and a smoked and tangy, southwest slaw.
tomato and kale soup
Eggs Florentine
Traditional Xmas Tortellini in Cappone broth
Scalloped Potatoes
French macarons
Sourdough “Peaches &amp; Cream” Danish Pastries.
Avocado Toast, Egg, Cholula with Roasted Bacon
Bacon, jalapeno, cheese stuffed, sweet cornbread muffins.
Pumpkin Quiche with Mango and Curry Sauce
Teriyaki Ocean Trout, YuChoy and Black Bean Sauce, with Steamed Rice
Made some gimbap! Potatoes and kimchi from local Korean market.
spicy Italian sausage pasta
Pumpkin pie
honey and mulled cider apple wreath pie
Pride Flag Pasta.
wholegrain and white tagliatelle
Chilaquiles with Chorizo, Black Beans, Oat-Based “Queso,” Guacamole, and Cilantro Jalapeño Crema
Corned Beef Reuben and Half-Sour Pickles
Beef fried rice
KOREAN BBQ Beef Belly! So Tasty!
Rosemary bacon
Pappardelle Laminated with Parsley
Made steak and chimichurri sandwiches last night.
Angusmeat burger with extra cheese
chicken fingers with Buffalo and ranch
mozza tuna melt
Hotel breakfast AGAIN
Burrito Bowls
Jumbo sea scallops in a chipotle raspberry compote with fresh mussels and sauteed rainbow carrots.
Protein style bacon cheeseburger with Japanese cabbage
Tidbits
Smoked Standing Rib Roast
Marinated skirt steak for fajitas
Pepperoni, Salami &amp; Bacon Pizza &amp; Chicken, Pesto, Peppers, Onions, Basil &amp; Fresh Tomatoes Pizza
Apple Tart Tatin with Smoked Milk Ice Cream
Starch ring in water after I emptied pasta out of glass container
Venezuelans hallacas and pan de jamón  with love for the holiday break
Cauliflower fritters w/peppers, onions and parsley 😋😋
Greek Style Lamb Chops with grilled Asparagus, Parmesan mashed potatoes and a Mint Cilantro Chutney😋
French Omelette
New Year Breakfast
grilled octopus in Cancún, Mexico!
Chicken Parm Sandwich
Charcuterie Board.
Crispy skin brined chicken with carrots and potatoes.
potato chips
Spanakopita
beef dumplings
Milkless Chocolate Smoothie
Pork belly tacos with apple cabbage slaw
Want a delicious, healthy recipe to add to your list during the holidays? Give this a whirl and share any ideas you have! :) Homemade goodness! I ate now it's your turn to give it a try :)
mushroom pizza
cannelloni
Sponge cake
Strawberry Platter! ❤️
Cheese &amp; mushroom pie
chorizo and potato tacos with fried tortillas in chorizo juice
Greek Lemon Potatoes
Kohlrabi Noodles with Shrimp and Thai Peanut Sauce
Colombian Empanadas
Everything Bagels with Cream Cheese and Lox
Avocado Caviar Sushi
Goulash Szegediner way
Habachi chicken
Cornbread with green chiles and corn kernels
Pork chop and veggies
Sous Vide Bacon Wrapped Lamb Leg
Spaghetti And Meat Sauce
I decided to make Gordon Ramsay’s 10 million YouTube subscriber burger
"
Double smoked salmon chopped salad w/ balsamic vinaigrette, sweet balsamic glaze and olive oil
Semiya Pulihora in Telugu సేమియా పులిహోర పొడి పొడిగా చాలా రుచిగా ఉంటుంది
A breakfast of eggs, hash browns, raspberries, English muffins, and pineapple juice
Loaded roasted eggplant lasagna inspired avocado toast on sourdough
kärlelsmums should be loveyum
Lamb Bhuna with Pilau rice
honey balsamic roasted duck with roasted brussel sprouts
Hot and spicy soup on a snowy night.
Snickerdoodles, molten lava and coconut lime cookies from Crumbl Cookies.
Hot spiced apple cider
chicken cottage pie
Honey Garlic glazed salmon
chorizo tacos with crumbly queso, sauteed pineapple, and spicy fresh guacamole. :)
Stir fry!
My moms  guacamole
smoked chicken drumsticks, coleslaw and guacamole.
sticky soy chicken
Mutton Biryani and shammi kebab
drunken chicken
cinnamon spiced orange and blueberry pavlova
Cinnamon Walnut Povitica
Yummy mutton curry ""/
- Lava Brownie
blue beyond meat burgers and more
spinach lasagna
Almond Cantuccini
chicken and leek pie
Cheesy chicken Alfredo with spicy Indian inspired crispy Brussel sprouts. The Alfredo is kid approved!
168 Buttercream meringue icing, vanilla cupcakes I made for my hospital coworkers
Pineapple Serrano Wings
Crispy Chicken, Pasta with Roasted Veg
Garlic Parmesan Wings
I’d say the Christmas Beef Wellington turned out!
Corned beef hash, onion, cheddar cheese, 3 egg omelette with fresh tomato and Texas toasties.
duo of tagines with flatbread and rice
double chocolate chip walnut banana bread (no eggs)
A spicy breakfast wrap
Oysters Rockefeller made with Sea Level (NC, US) salty oysters
a picnic style afternoon tea
honey crispy chicken
Baked Buffalo Tofu Wings
lemon chicken
Saturday morning fryer - Eggs over easy w/ Franklin's Brisket
How to make korean egg rolls
Sizzling Potato
the chicken sandwich mentioned on SNL last night.
tahdig w/ meatless kofta
GF, Dairy-free, ‘Cheese’ Tortellini
Classic &amp; romantic, surf and turf. Fillet mignon, and broiled lobster tail with a side arugula salad w/ dates, toasted pine nuts and fried manchego cheese.
Hamburger
Reverse seared Rumpsteak
Chocolate Bonbons
Winter Root Vegetable Soup with Crispy Skinned Salmon lunch
Celery with Peanut Butter (didn't have rasins or a stable hand)
BIRTHDAY RAMEN
Brined and Smoked Turkey
Breakfast for dinner
Pretzel Bites and a Cheese dipping sauce!
Hakuna Matata. I made a frittata.
Pita, hummus and veggie night
Yummy Laddoos - Indian Sweet Dish - No Sugar
Braised short rib poutine
Fairy cupcakes
Chocolate-blueberry compote babka, chocolate chip-cherry cookies, chocolate babka
Duck Fried Pineapple Rice (with crispy duck skin)
Outdoor Chicken Grill Cooking | Street Food in Shahi Edgah in Sylhet | T...
Baked Brie with Cranberries, Pumpkin Seeds &amp; Honey
Tofu and green beans
Beef Stew w/ potatoes
Strawberry cheesecake
artesian seafood wrap with reduced pepper sauce
Cheddar &amp; Jalapeño/ Cheddar bagels.
Meatballs for Carnivores &amp; Vegetarians
my oatmeal is aesthetically pleasing 😌
Growing green onion in Old Camry 1995
Lamb Polo!
wood fired pizza, (Yes! I forgot to buy enough basil)
medium rare crispy pan seared duck breast with duck fat fried potatoes and onions
single serving deep dish chocolate chip cookie.
Authentic Hainan Beef Noodle in herbal gravy
Naan
No KBBQ no problem! Perilla Leaf Wraps with Pork Belly
smoked salmon sushi and teriyaki chicken sushi
Danger dog
seafood noodles
Salmon pie
Nothing can replace your  food
Leftover Turkey Bun w/Prosciutto, Pecorino Romano and Pesto.
Smoked Pork loin wrapped in pork belly.
chicken teriyaki with rice
Ginger bread
seafood linguine
pizza dough ball
Initial attempt at making brisket
Sushi Love &lt;3
Pumpkin Lasagna Rolls!
Chana Masala Taco
Juicy beef burritos
Sirloin steak, shrimps, grilled peppers and sautéed mushrooms.
Kidney n minced pork in ginger, gao liang wine n black sesaeme oil, organic amaranth green in asari clam broth, salt grilled hamachi kama, organic low GI rice
pizza; herb &amp; garlic goat cheese, prosciutto, caramelized onions, roasted red peppers on cauliflower crust
Eating too many cakes in Japan
Buttery Short Bread Cookies
Jim’s Gotta Eat - Chinese Baked Chicken Wings and Fried Rice and Beans. Just a quick nice supper tonight.
Best Gaming Music 2021 Mix ♫ No Copyright EDM 2021 ♫ New Gaming Music, Trap, Dubstep, DnB 2021 - Yo
Bebek betutu (Balinese roasted duck)
sushi bake
Spaghetti alla carbonara. No cream used.
Honey-glazed Dinner Rolls stuffed with Smoked Pulled Pork and just a lil BBQ sauce
Jerk Marinated Grilled Chicken with Roasted Potatoes, plus Tomatoes Finished with Citrus Infused Maldon Salt
Lamb with cherry demi glace, mashed potatoes, asparagus
Butternut Squash Gnocchi with Sage Browned Butter
Honey mustard chicken stirfry &amp; Mongolin Lamb stir-fry
Orzotto
Filipina in UK making a full traditional breakfast (please support our channel by subscribing)
I made a maldivian tuna curry with steamed rice and stirfried veggies!
airfryer beignets
Dirty Rice.
Pretzels
Egg rolls with pork
Texas Smoked Brisket
Pepperoni, local chicken sausage, and red onion pizza
walnuts from my tree
BBQ ribs 2 ways and focaccia
chili relleno, rice and beans
Greek Lamb Burger with fresh Feta and Tzatziki
Delicious Ramen with Smoked Pork
Banana Oatmeal
Onion and Paprika Pretzels
I too, had a go at the Starbucks lemon loaf with a slightly less thick layer of icing
Харя запеканка из картофеля с начинкой из фарша - Вкусный день
Lo mein noodles
Butternut Squash loaded salad 🥔
Thin Crust Meatball Pizza
Food is the best. Make ur favos at home. The guide is here to the yummiest food and drinks 🍵🍔#healthy #enjoyable#foods#drinks.
Raisin Bread
Lemon Chicken and Potatoes
stone crab claw platter and wedge salad for NYE
cranberry and pomegranate mini tart
Mountain mike’s pizza
Does this Grapefruit look ok to eat?
Skirt steak and avocado crema taco
Chocolate Pecan Scones
chicken lettuce wraps
Smash burger with bordelaise sauce, Big Mec. Fries cooked in tallow.
Tilapia with Orzo primavera
Pistachio crusted beef with teriyaki sauce and copious amounts of bonito flakes
Hi! We are a group of students from the iSchool at the University of Toronto, who are looking at how to improve the user experience on restaurant group websites. If you could please complete this survey, that would be great. It should only take 10 to 15 minutes to complete.
Mint Chocolate Fondant with Vanilla Ice Cream
Tonkotsu Ramen with Sous Vide Chashu
Bacon Egg &amp; Cheee
Brad Pitt eating food
Apple Tart
Thai red curry noodle soup! This turned out great.
Pulled pork burger
Nồi nấu nước lèo 40L là tên gọi khác của nồi nấu nước phở, nước dùng. Được sử dụng nấu các món bún, phở rất phổ biến. Với thiết kế mới tiện lợi và tiết kiệm điện năng hơn nồi điện 40 Lít đang là lựa chọn số một của các quán ăn nhỏ.
Deep-Fried Turkey
Breakfast for Dinner
Banh Mi on Homemade Baguette
Blueberry Cake
Queso Fundido (melted cheese) with Chistorra (Spanish chorizo)
Noodles with coffee, on a nice sunny day.
Found this a restaurant and god damn does this look good
Vegetarian bao.
Whipped Key Lime
Cinnamon &amp; Brown Sugar filled Kouign Amann (Croissant dough with sugar laminated in)
chicken roulades with spinach, feta, and sun dried tomatoes | stuffed potatoes | white wine sauce
CHICKEN KIEV
One nacho chip
Kanafeh
https://ift.tt/2Y4SuID
Coq au Vin - 24 hours
Store in Oregon That Threw Out Food Is Confronted by Angry Activists - The New York Times
I made a marble cake with swiss meringue buttercream frosting for a toddler. Wheels are frosting and Kwik Trip cookies. I'd give it a passing grade on look and an A+ for flavor
Pi cake for international Pi day yesterday!
Vegan tacos: plantain &amp; broccoli w/ miso-mint mojo
Cookie in a bowl
Pepperoni and Meatball Roses
White Pie
Microwave Baked Potato
Prosciutto, fresh mozzarella, arugula and balsamic reduction on a bakery ciabatta
I should’ve made more, this Chocolate Babka was amazing☺️
Chocolate butter cake
Chicken leg cooked after being marinated with bunch of spices and curd, over a bed of onion in ghee, drumsticks cooked after marinated in ginger-garlic paste, turmeric with whole spices.
Apple Pie Milkshake
(Homemade) Low and slow smoked beef shortrib hotdog with dark beer braising dip sauce and South Carolina BBQ sauce. With pickle red oinion.
Apple pie.
Osso Buco
How to Make a Cheeseball -  Cheeseball Recipe
steak sandwich with pablano peppers on brioche bun
Coconut Chicken Curry
Bhutan cuisine (top left, Kewa Datshi, bottom left Jasha Maroo, top right Shakam Paa and bottom right Phaksha Pa)
Linguini, Prosciutto, Mushrooms, Peas, and Garlic in a Light Cream Sauce with Pecorino and Parsley
Rotisserie Chicken Enchilada Suizas
Lemon Semolina Cake with candied lemon peels
Corn on the Cob
flesh fruit
Fillet (rare) Beef fat cooked chips and a Cornish Blue cheese &amp; Cognac sauce.
Made my version of Gordon Ramsay's viral hashbrowns. Added sausage and cheese instead of bacon. Fried the sausage then used leftover grease to cook the hashbrowns.
NY Strip w/ mushroom sauce, homemade MTL steak seasoning , + sides.
Ginger Molasses Cookies!
chicken balls, egg fried rice and curry sauce. Takeaway at home
Jack-o'-lantern cake! (Pumpkin layers with cranberry filling and chai buttercream)
An Amazing Food Deal of Pakistan
Poached egg with bacon and mushrooms on toast, with potatoes
gai pad med mamuang (chicken with cashew nuts)
Turkey and Andouille Gumbo.
닭갈비 (Dakgalbi)
Donut sushi
Pepperoni and Banana Pepper Stromboli
Soppressata, banana peppers, caramelized onions pizza
Frito pie
Grilled cheese with 3 Cheddar cheeses shredded on whole grain bread.
Spinach, mushroom, onion and Monterey jack cheese quiche
One of my dads favorite meals, spaghetti and meatballs🔥 classic
Double cheeseburger
Dutch baby, topped with warm blueberries, strawberries banana.
Some Turkish Delight I made a while back. Very proud of em.
Fondue
a Pinkglow pineapple
Chicken and dumplings
a medium rare bacon and cheese burger
Chicken tikka masala, chana masala and basmati rice
Taco stuffed sweet potatoes 🍠
hand decorated cookies
No T'giving this year, reliving memories of mom's pies from last year. Pumpkin, Blueberry, Apple, and (my personal favorite) Cherry Cthullu
Pasta alas Gricia
Fry bread taco
Banana Oatmeal with Fruit Yogurt and Trail Mix
Hershey's "Perfectly Chocolate" Chocolate Cake
New York Steak From The Grill Roasted Broccoli On The Side
Lobster Bouillabaisse with Pacific Cod and Mussels
Lotus cheesecake.
What a Systems Programmer Learned from Working at a Fast-Food Restaurant
French Chocolate Souffle
Ropa Vieja, Black Beans, Arroz Amarillo &amp; Tostones
teriyaki sauce, sesame chicken, egg noodles, and crispy kale.
garlic confit
Steak and guinness pie with creamy mash and beans
chicken thigh parmigiana
Cantaloupe
Christmas Treats
Pork &amp; Rice Bowl
Girlfriennd is making Salmon with Maple and Ginger Glaze and some Pecan Pie on stream!
Teriyaki Honey Steak w/ Buttery Potatoes
pizza night
sugar cookies of my cat!
Ribs 👌👌😍
pot roasted guinea fowl with chicory, honey roasted squash and parsnips
Made by my friend
Spam Tamago Musubi
Breaching buddies
Masala Vada
Lobster roll, rosemary mashed potatoes, and roasted kale. Paired with a blackberry prosecco cocktail.
Duck broth ramen with crispy Miso Glazed Duck.
Holiday pound cake
duck pho and I could eat it every day of my life!
Champagne risotto topped with Andouille sausage and Brussel sprouts
Dim Sum &amp; Steamed Buns
Chicken Bacon Ranch Wrap w/ Garden Grown Vegetables.
Pumpkin Cake Made With Rolled Marzipan
Calamari with Truffled Marinara Sauce :)
Chicken Alfredo Pasta and Tomato Sauce Pasta
Smoked salmon and baked potatoes
German Christmas Eve dinner
Cookies with walnuts
Murder cookies with a nut.
a Bretzel-shaped Donut
Discussed Situation With PM Modi, Says Australian PM Amid Facebook Row - NDTVWhen Virat Kohli felt like the 'loneliest guy in the world' - Times of India
Beef and ale stew with horseradish dumplings
A biscuit I made
Skrei-cod with shrimps, potatoes and butter
Gnocci with red pesto and zucchini
Christmas Yule Log Pumpkin Roll
Soft tacos
pepperoni pizza
bbq
rons creamy cheese mountain
Egg Fatayer (Egg baked in dough with cheese)
Crab Curry and streamed rice.
Carrot and Colby Soup with Potato Dumplings
Little chef was inspired by watching Ratatouille
Arrabbiata chicken wings
Fettuccine alfredo/ al burro
Bacon and Pepper Pizza made from scratch
bagels
Sliced Fresh Garden Manitoba Heirloom Tomatoes With 4 Peppercorn Grind &amp; Black Hawaiian Sea Salt
apple pudding cake
Smoked brisket chili in a bacon bowl on a bed of nacho cheese.
CHICKEN 65
Rollo de Papa Gratinado -Rollo de Patata -Beef Mince and Cheese Stuffed Potato Roll- The Italian Job
Tagliatelle with creamy sauce and shrimp
Inarizushi
Garlic and Za'atar Challah
fried pierogis
Currywurst with chips and mayonnaise
Spaghetti Bolognese
baked brie with maple syrup and walnuts
Coconut Chicken Curry  make sum
Pierogies with potato, bacon, and carmelized shallots. Topped with Horseradish sour cream and full grain mustard.
Detroit-style right out of the oven.
AMONG US, nhưng bị TIÊU DIỆT cho món Mỳ RAMEN - Thánh Nấu ĂN ASMR Stop M...
Time for a new bowl of soup
Hearty Matzo Ball Soup
SayCheez Pizza
smashed double cheeseburger
Fresh Scallops and Shrimp cooked with Bacon and Jalapeño
Mille Feuille without puff pastry
HAM; Please cast your votes for ham.
coconut chicken curry with jasmine rice
Bacon Cheeseburgers
turkey enchiladas
Seared beef tenderloin with caramelize onions, mushrooms, and spinach in a balsamic butter pan sauce
Kana Moo Krob (Thai crispy pork belly with chinese brocolli)
Croissant
Beef Stew with potatoes, carrots, onion, and portabello mushrooms.
on the grill...Treating yourself during hard times is super worth it...
Indian flat bread - Paneer Paratha in 3 shapes
India vs England, 4th Test: "He Abused Me," Says Siraj On Why Ben Stokes Was Confronted By Virat Koh.. - NDTVSports.comPork belly, and doenjang and miyeok-guk, with furijake seasoned rice, kimchi, and a vinegar and shoyu dipping sauce
Chicken Parmesan and Pasta
Juicy Bacon Cheeseburger Eat or Pass
Peel &amp; eat shrimps
oven slow roasted beef ribs on top of a charred kale salad
#foods
Christmas hotpot
Lego Kitchen: Что делать, если резиновый цыпленок сделать из ЛЕГО??ACMP ...
Cooking recipes and tips
I ate a  pizza
Lasagna!!!
ramen and karaage
Tagliatelle con Salmone e Piselli (green peas)
Mixed Berry Cheesecake
Ramen with Impossible meat, broccoli, mushrooms, scallions, and cilantro.
Election Day Chicken Biryani
Polenta con hongos salteados... receta italiana
Wagyu Beef Cheek Jorim from Atomix in Manhattan
Chicken, veggies and rice.
Spicy Chicken drumsticks
I made a brisket on my new pellet smoker.
Beer can chickens on the smoker.
Gnocchis🇮🇹
a lightly toasted bagel with homemade yuzu kosho cream cheese and salmon roe.
A near perfect Jacques Pepin style French omelet.
Spinach Omelette With Avocado Toast
Macarons with a Marula Liqeur Buttercream
Was supposed to be working on reports. Avoidance made me do this instead.
White sauce pasta
classic Fish n Chips
Drunken Prawns
Thai Chicken Curry
The prettiest turtle in all the land
Matcha Crepe Cake
Poached eggs and guacamole on a sesame seed bagel with siracha
Apple Pecan Muffins with Calvados and Espresso
Bacon and chocolate griddle cakes.
sourdough sesame bread
rigatoni bolognese
Made some caramel banana cake bars topped with toasted pecans
Roasted Chicken brined for 24hrs
Korean Short Ribs with Cheddar &amp; Green Onion Grits
Filipino chicken adobo
double smash burger with brioche buns.
Bacon mac n cheese stuffed egg rolls
We Try Some Traditional Turkish Food
Khao Soi
cheesecake with graham cracker crust.
rainbowcake
Sushi platter. Salmon and cream cheese, spicy tuna w/ cucumber and avocado.
1/2 lb. Bacon Cheeseburger with lettuce, onion and mayo.
Stimpaks
Wok fried Kung Pao Chicken
Pre-Covid.. a New York street cart dog on the steps of the Metropolitan Museum of Art.
A few macarons.
the Argentinian choripan!
Beef &amp; Grilled cheese sandwich with a side of truffle fries
Best Chicken Macaroni
lamb and mushrooms with jeera rice
Chicken Parmesan over Spaghetti
spicy chicken sandwich
tilapia and asparagus
Duck, with pickled onion, sorrel, mushroom powder and different purees
Cheesy chicken enchilada skillet
Been craving Lasagna.
Cream cheese &amp; fig jam danishes
Grilled Chicken Burger.
Sauteed Long Beans With Pork
. Sourdough brioche with beef patty, gherkin, tomatoes, blue cheese, old gouda, caramelized onions, ketchup and coarse mustard
Brownie Cookies
Look these amazing rib-eyes, and entrecôte
Green Chili Pork Pot Pie
this loli
Shrimp Fried Thai Rice
Garden Fresh Caprisi
Deep Fried Fish with Golden Chopped Garlic. The fish bone is so crispy and taste like chips
Chocolate chip coolie
pork tenderloin with garlic cream cheese and parma ham
Sausage McMuffin with Egg.
smoked ribs
Portuguese Meat and Potatoes w/ Portuguese Split Rolls
Spicy Veggie Miso Ramen, Philadelphia Rolls, and Miso Soup
Osso Buco, Germolata w/ Greek red sauce potato topped with feta and Kalamata olives and sautéed zucchini.
pad gra pow with blue cornflower dyed jasmine rice.
Cheesy Mashed Potato Pancakes Recipe
gauda chesese storage room
Creamy Garlic Mushroom Chicken over noodles
blackened Grouper with bacon and blu cheese brussel sprouts
Latkes
Eye fillet steak. My partner and I wanted steaks. But budgeting can be difficult. This was my second try cooking steaks 🥩 with a cast iron skillet for us. 🥦🧄🧅
Solomillo a la Mostaza
Filet with spinach Gorgonzola truffle risotto with wild mushroom red wine reduction
mushroom broccoli pasta
Hot pastrami sandwich with potato pancakes!
Habanero Hellfire Chili
NEED A CAPTION PLEASE...
Balsamic Brussels &amp; Beef
Coda alla vaccinara (braised oxtail)
Burgers with mushrooms
Top 10 Breakfast Restaurants near me in Las Vegas 2021
Mississippi Mud Pie
Spicy Ginger Szechuan Beef w/ sticky rice balls
Sweet and sour pork ribs
I am learning how to make sushi and I have done it with the right cutlery!
Libyan Pasta Imbakbaka
My take on poke
Traditional Village Rice and Curry
som tam
40oz ribeye 🤤
Chinese Rib Tips
Lasagna Soup
Pesto Cream Sauce With Grilled Chicken
My take on the infamous breakfast board!
Tempura Don
Pineapple-Mango Salsa
Eggnog bread
Arctic Clams w/ Century Egg
Tagliatelle with fresh cockles and shallots in a butter parsley sauce.
Irish Soda Bread - Straight out of the oven
Geno’s Steaks Philly PA
fresh pork moon cakes
Chicken Parmesan, Spaghetti and garlic bread
pico de gallo
Korean inspired food
a variety of corn tortilla soft tacos.
Baked fried chicken, fresh out of the oven.
How much do you spend on fruits and veg per week? For how many people?
Smoked Tomato Soup with Parmesan Croutons.
Detroit-Style Pizza
ilFornino Wood Fired Croissants
pork chops, potatoes, and asparagus
Chicken Stock
Zucchini stuffed with chicken and cheese and roasted carrots and sweet potatos
German Bratwurst in a homemade bun
slow cooked gochujang pork belly stir fry
Meatballs
Chicken Paprikash, Nokedli, Cabbage rolls &amp; Uborkasalata
Steak Sandwich
Shrimp taco lettuce wraps! #foodie
Honey and Mustard Parsnips
waffle sandie
Vietnamese Jello
Cuomo administration underreported nursing home Covid deaths by up to 50%, NY attorney general says - CNBC
toasted coco &amp; rice flour winter snack balls
Garlic perfumed, butter basted roast chicken
Confit Byaldi / Ratatouille
grilled Sardin and salad and fried potatos
- Tomato, Feta Pasta famous TikTok Recipe
Earl Grey Pie
Fried up some french fries, Mozzarella sticks, and leftover shrimp tempura
birthday cake with cocoa, Dumle cream, rasberries and more Dumle.
minced chicken, cheese and brussel sprouts pizza 🍕
Cheesecake
Special Today - Open Face Turkey Melt w/ provolone, stuffing, garlic mash, and gravy
Bo Luc Loc Vietnamese shaken beef I usually make on top of spinach and sliced tomatoes w/side of rice...
Salmon with Bombay Potatoes
Lamb, potato waffles and teriyaki sauce
Pesto pasta topped with baked tomatoes and doubt sprinkled with parm ✨
Amateur
Wagyu Beef in beef jerky form. Still can't believe people are turning such expensive meat into a cheap snack
Breakfast is always the best meal of the day....even when it’s for dinner!
Vlog 01 Chokhi Haveli Noida Full Video on Youtube |  food Here
Oreo cake I made for my dad's birthday back in March (kinda poor lighting)
Lamb shank stew
Grilled Picanha
arancini with ragù
chicken and mushroom pasta
brown sugar chicken wrapped in bacon, smash potatoes, homemade yeast sweet rolls and salad! I used to cook a lot but my health got in the way, I’ve found a doctor and today I felt better enough to cook for real! Super proud of the rolls ngl
Oyster mushroom fried rice

Have you seen chef?
Teriyaki flank steak, fried rice, and roasted brussel sprouts
Shakshuka
Cobb Salad
Toaster Melt w/ Potato Chips
I ate a ramen
Oatbread straight from the oven.
Pork and cabbage gyoza
i made xmas lunch for friends at work today :) Gougère Bacon &amp; Cheese , Duck prosciutto ,Polish sausage ,Aranchini, Tuna Aspic, Vine leaves ,Smoked cheddar ,Prosciutto chips ,
New York Style Bagels
KBBQ at home during lockdown
My  nachos!
Chicken Pakora ...
Red beans with deer sausage, andouille sausage and rice with sweet corn muffins
Whole wheat banana bread
. Legit no beans, liquid cheese chilli cheese fries
pasta and bolognese
caramel corn I made over the weekend
rye-wheat bread
colorful canapé
I I made Chile fish with tahini sauce, and broccoli with garlic, cumin and lime!
Mapo tofu and egg fried rice arancini with yuzu mayonnaise
Apple cinnamon mini muffin basket for a church dinner
garlic butter king crab leg &amp; shoe string fires
Guess what I'm making
Stew of eggplant and zuchini, tzatsiki, oven roasted pepper, boiled egg, olives and couscous.
White bread
A cheeseburger
Pulled pork &amp; bacon cheddar waffles
Cherry Pie
First-ever attempt at moong dal tadka. Very spicy so the raita came in handy.
Tacos with caramelized pork, cucumber and pineapple salsa and guacamole
Oxtail and Brisket stew
NY chopped cheese sandwich
Pavlovas!
Chicken Tikka Massala
Oreo cheesecake. I love cheesecake and baking, and one of my partner’s coworkers enjoyed what I send to them so much she paid me to make a cheesecake for her.
Kimchee stew
egg
Japanese Hamburger Steak with Brown Onion Sauce
- STARK KOREANSK RISKAKA / SPICY KOREAN RICE CAKES, (TTEOKBOKKI)
Pulled pork, spinach and ricotta calzone
Filet with goat cheese pommes Anna and stuffed mushrooms.
Mezze platter
Indian Bengali Style Pulao &amp; Chicken Chaap.
Berry Crumbles
Black daal with butter and cream
A beautiful Ribeye.
Popcorn Chicken
Mango Habanero Chicken Tacos 🌶🔥
A5 wagyu short rib for Korean BBQ
deconstructed black forest cake
Taquitos
Italian themed lunch, Tomatoes, Salami, Ham, Mozzarella, Basil, Olive Oil &amp; Sourdough Bread
How Ukrainians cook buckwheat
Chicken Santa Fe Panini
Avocado toast with perfect fried egg.
Salmon cakes with tartar sauce
Steak and gravy with some mixed veggies on the side
In Guangdong Province, China, drinking morning tea is a daily habit of people. Exquisite desserts paired with fragrant chrysanthemum Pu-erh tea, this is the beginning of a good day.
Gordon Ramsay's beef Wellington at Hell's kitchen Dubai
- Apple Pies
Grape Pie
BLT Pizza
Sometimes it’s a Saturday night and you’re painstakingly baking  croutons...very much worth it, now just need things to plop them off!
Honey apple pie
My attempt at chicken and shrimp Alfredo.
PIZZA: Caramelized onion, cranberry goat cheese, arugula, balsamic, lemon zest
waffle fruits
A little bit of everything at Thanksgiving
After many attempts, finally martabak manis!
Chewy Chocolate Chip Cookies
Bulgogi Bibimbop with Kimchi Rice
Fish tacos.
New Year Munchies! Homemade chocolate chip and M &amp; M cookies, Buffalo chicken egg rolls, Nachos and pigs in a blanket.
I tried, eh... not good....
Chicken and spinach tortellini alfredo
Hottt Chicken
Chicken katsu with mac salad and pickled veggies
scrambled eggs with shiitakes, prosciutto, and mint.
Walnut Pumpkin Bread
Black bean rice W/ chicken mixed with white onions, red bell peppers, squash and steamed broccoli
Steak and Fingerling Potato Hash with Mushrooms, Spinach, and an Egg
Bacon Cheeseburger.
90 Dry aged strip steak.
Adam Ragusea's Brownie Recipe
Linguine Aglio e Olio with fresh green herbs and parmesan sprinkle
Beignets!
Onions used in every vegetable recipes.
Pheasant breast with red wine reduction and croquettes filled with hard cheese.
Salmon Don, okra, jellyfish salad and onsen tamago
Bagel in D.C. Perfectly home made bagel. Crunchy on the outside and chewy on the inside with awesome chives Cream-cheese
Bint al-sahn is a Yemeni sweet food .. Provided with honey .
steak and egg sandwich with peppers, onions, mushrooms and brie. Side of homemade pickles.
Birthday Cake for My Mum! 🎉
Asian Peanut Noodles with Beef stripes
paste cake
salad nicoise
Korean T-bone bbq!
Vietnamese fried rice with Chinese sausage.
flamingo cake
5 Food to Increase Immunity
Guinness cake with Bailey’s icing.
Escargot
A stack of brown butter chocolate chip cookies
Oreo ice cream cake
Puttanesca Omurice
Flat Iron, Ribeye and Rump Steaks with fries, sweet potato mash and spiced carrot batons.
sheet pan pizza
I’ve never done this! Seared and smoked a prime rib roast over a fire in the backyard!
Salt Cured Duck Egg Yolks
Experience the Taste &amp; Essence of Karachi Bakery from India by just clicking the link given. Hurry up! Order Now.
Filet-O-Fish
Bonne Maman Four Fruit Swirl Bread
Fideuá con Thermomix
duck fat potatoes
Barbacoa Pork
The ol man made  breakfast Crunchwraps 🤤
Pasta with Anchovies &amp; Shrimp
Vegetarian Stuffed Eggplant
Butter chicken :)
a piggy cake 🐷
Alfredo sauce with bacon and shrimp, topped with some Pecorino Romano, and a glass of Gerard Bertrand Saint-Chinian.
Don’t think this is . Please help to identify
German cinnamon stars
Slow Cooked Fiery Lamb Shanks
Turkey &amp; Salami BLT with Avocado &amp; Sriracha Mayo on Garlic Tuscan Bread
Lava Cake
Cinnamon Date Buns
Eggplant parmesan
Roti, black eyed peas with tamarind, spicy chicken fry
What do you think to this pork belly? Really juicy but perfectly crispy. (Recipe link in comments)
kangaroo steak with sweet potato and green beans
Chinese Dinner - T-bone steak, braised pork knuckles, fish, abalone, sea cucumber, dried scallops with mushrooms, salted duck egg shrimp, and vegetables
Check out my  Christmas Goose with a Duck and Chicken packed inside. Amazing Roast potatoes
Chicken breast with mango avocado salsa and Spanish rice
Russia confirms world's 1st case of human infection with A(H5N8) bird flu virus - Global Times
Duck Pot Pie with Buttermilk Biscuit Crust

Cajun pasta with chicken cutlet
Creamy chicken spaghetti
Apple Pie Pancakes
Tossed salad with egg and coffee.
Fried rice
Livers with onions
Aligot
Pasta with meatballs, tomato sauce, mozarella and basil.
Happy Cake Day to me! Here’s a Hendricks and Roselle to celebrate.
Japanese instant soy sauce ramen
Chicken Street Tacos
Falafel.
pancake stack
This is my  version of Tandoori Chicken
Lasagna, and it’s my birthday 🎉
Beef Chuck Roast!
Herb Sausage Breakfast Sandwich with American Cheese and Fried Egg
Chunky vegetable salad with poached eggs
traditional danish lunch "Smørrebrød". Its rye bread with as many layers of cold cuts as possible.
Praline cheesecake
roasted cauliflower and leek soup with pancetta and toasted pine nuts
made dry wok noodles and noodle soup with leftovers I had laying around.
Chicken pesto pasta with Grilled veggies
Chili with quick pickled onions and sourdough
YOU'LL LOVE EGGPLANT AFTER THIS  RECIPE
Good Eats Picture, Signed by Alton Brown - IYKYK
Mutton Stir-Fry with Flavored Macaroni
valentine sourdough for mom
Viral Video Highlights Barriers for Deaf and Hard-of-Hearing Students - qcnerve.com
RAJMA CHAWAL .
Breakfast waffle
Chicken parmesan Pasta
banana nut bread with blueberry jam
salmon/avocado sushi 🍣
Candied Flank Steaks w/Buffalo Chicken Sausage
Italian Rainbow cookie cake! Delicious
Exotic Filipino Grill and BBQ
Cajun fried turkey
fire-cooked pork shrimp and pineapple kebabs
fancy leaf sourdough
Chocolate roll cake
Roasted garlic and Parmesan sourdough focaccia
Ground beef, ground bacon, ground ribeye cheeseburger
Cheesy Chicken Alfredo Pasta Bake
assortment of pastries
chicken strips (?) with carrot, broccoli, bell pepper, and cherry tomatoes in garlic/cheddar cheese/chopped onion sauce :)
lambchops w/ salad and potatoes!
(I know it's candy but you can still technically eat it) does anyone remember these gems (fire balls)
tacos!
Guacamole burger with grilled jalapeños and crispy onion, and side of homemade fries with roasted garlic aioli
Rajma chawal, Malai murgh and cilantro sour cream burritos with Tandoori Pico de Gallo...
New Years dinner. (homemade/put together charcuterie board) Hope 2021 is better for all!
Irish Breakfast
french bread
whole fresh chicken smoked with blend of applewood, oak and hickory.
Hot Dog
maple walnut tarts and butter rum raisin tarts.
KFC Famous Bowl
Yotam Ottolenghi’s Spicy mushroom lasagne
Chile Verde Din Din
bacon, egg and cheddar grilled cheese
Korean-style Fried Chicken Sandwich with Kimchi Mayo
WHO Team Finds 'Australian Beef' May Have Started Covid-19 Virus, Not Wuhan Wet-Food Market - News18
Scottish Shortbread
I fucked it up (fish curry)
Chicken and Egg Biryani
cacio e pepe
Crispy Hashbrown Waffles with a fried egg and sliced avocado!
Sauce for vegetable lasagna.
ham and beans and cornbread.
Steak Quesadillas Topped Off With Cilantro Crema!
Jarlsberg on Sourdough Grilled Cheese
Combination hotpot
SANGRÍA, SPANISH PATATAS BRAVAS, CLAMSM AND SHRIMP
Cupcakes!
Red Wine Braised Pot Roast Over Creamy Polenta.
Woodford garlic drumsticks with spicy buffalo dipping sauce.
Vegetable pasta in spinach-basil pesto sauceSourav Ganguly stable, PM Narendra Modi calls up to inquire - Times of India
Just local fruits and vegetables  last night
"Search Results Featured snippet from the web As you design your fitness program", keep these points in mind. Consider your fitness goals. Create a balanced routine. Start low and progress slowly. Build activity into your daily routine.
Tomato (from our balcony) Chutney!
Cajun-Style Snack Mix
Meet Dmitri, my 2 year old blind rescue tabby from Greece 💖
fresh seafood bowl
Viral video shows dogs actually eating teenagers’ homework - Yahoo Sports
Pulled Pork and Cole Slaw Sandwich
Valentine’s Day Charcuterie Board
Poutine in Québec
Lentil Soup
Chili Vinegar (Condiment)
Breakfast eggs sausages bacons with toasts
“tie-dye” peace sign cookies
Chicken katsu curry.
spicy grilled Cajun shrimp on black eyed pea succotash
Burrata with cherry tomatoes, balsamic, and basil
Pepperoni &amp; Sausage pizza
Salmon en croûte
Christmas Cupcakes.
Brussels Sprouts, Sweet Corn, and Cauliflower
bhatt or black soybean
Typical Indian Meal - Minced Soya, Lentil and Wheat Chapati
Pumpkin pie cheesecake
Simple Charcuterie Board
New York style cheesecake with a mixed berry topping
chic fil a frozen lemonades
apple, apricot, peach, and ginger cobbler
T-bone steak, wild mushroom risotto, delicata squash, sourdough bread
I made chocolate chip cookies
Sloppy Joes
nature cereal tiktok trend
Fried catfish w/ red beans &amp; rice.
Rye n Einkorn Sourdough
Spring-inspired orecchiette with sugar snaps and burrata.
Donas de yogur griego
crispy drumsticks with the fixins
Chicken Parm Sliders w 3 Cheese Ravioli
Buffalo-Caesar and picked crab salad with Old Bay/honey drumettes (finished in air fryer).
Oven fried buffalo wings + dry rub wings
burgers
Soupy noodles made with chicken broth, packet ramen noodles, white miso paste and frozen prawns, peas and sweetcorn
Butternut Squash and Turnip Soup
Cherry Amaretto Ice Cream with Toasted Walnuts, a Chocolate Chip Cookie, and Cherry Sauce
Does anyone want some emergency food?
Viennese Swirls with rum flavoured chocolate and lemon cream
Nacho pyramid
Eye Fillet
Parmesan shrimp over cous cous with a bone-in rosemary and thyme pork chop.
Beer Battered Fish Tacos
Chorizo Lentil Stew
Pumpkin risotto with goat cheese and bacon
Chocolate croissants.
drunk mussels
Koji Cured Steak
Pierogis with red lentils filling served with onions and butter
Pastrami
mozzarella cheese sausage tortilla
ricotta gnocchi with pomodoro sauce
Meringues with bourbon cream on fruit bouquet
2 Things You Can Do To Boost Your Health Starting Now
Meatballs, Bacon, Brussels, and Balsamic, and Polenta Fries.
A5 Wagyu Beef
Mina Moroccan olives
Just Beef Chilli on a Jacket Potato
Japanese Rolled Omelette, Tamagoyaki
Chicken curry, cauliflower with mustard oil, daal with round chillies
Fresh tortillas with rice, beans and corn
Mint Brownies
loaded burger
Maple Spiced Rum Pecan Pie.
Organic Beef Burger with Diced Chorizo, Cheese and Chorizo Mayo
smash burger &amp; fries, living alone finally &amp; can cook how i want!
Angel hair pasta with  turkey meatballs
chocolate banana bread
Smoked salmon with fresh dill and capers on an everything bagle and fried egg.
Smashed cucumbers with Calabrian chili and feta
Street tacos!
Indian Sunday Lunch, ‘balti’ chicken, mustard oil cauliflower, hyderabadi daal
Owens Hot Sausage &amp; Cream Cheese Stuffed, Maple Bacon Wrapped Jalapeno Popper Brunchwich w/ Over Easy Egg &amp; Hashbrown Patty.
Takoyaki pancakes
Smoked New York with a baked potato and grilled veggies
Breakfast plate with homegrown veggies
""Кофе "Необыкновенный вкус"
Cinnamon apple rolls with coffee sauce
Pesto alla Genovese
Two Egg Breakfast
chicken Parmesan
This is an amazing  Uzbekistan stule bbq called shashleek. Vote if u like it tho ).
Filet Mignon Fajitas
Baked Chicken Tendies
Egg McMuffin
pastrami
CRUNCHY EGG FINGERS.!!!
Chocolate swirl banana bread.
test New
Kung Pao Beef
Duner in plate
Omelette
Fettuccine Alfredo
A hefty Chicken Parmesan I made with fresh tagliatelle, mozarella, parmesan, homemade tomato sauce, tenderstem broccoli
Nutella-Filled Doughnuts
Chicken Supreme
buttermilk fried porkchop, smoked hamhock green beans + potatoes, and cornbread w/ homemade whipped honey butter.
Chard Rolls.
Fried crab cake and mackeral pate
Buttermilk Pancakes with Fresh Fruit
Sourdough  goat cheese tortellini
bánh Donuts Among Us SIÊU ĐẶC BIỆT - Kluna Tik ASMR eating sounds Muk...
Vegetarian Lasagna with Béchamel.
Two Vanilla Doughnuts
butter chicken
Grilled Cajun-Spiced Shrimp Lettuce Wraps
Frijoles de la Olla
welsh dragon (chilli and leek) sausage toad in the hole.
Burrata, roasted figs and prosciutto, pistachio, balsamic, honey
Peking Duck with mandarin pancakes for Christmas
focacia bread
Banoffee Tartlets
Surf and Turf
Grilled pepperoni, tomato and cheese sandwich
Pumpkin cheesecake parfaits with graham cracker crumble.
Sushi bowl
Roasted chicken thigh dinner
tomato soup topped with Parmesan and cream
Lemon Ricotta Tortellini
homemade emergency food {}
lamb dumplings
delicious slushy cocktail
Guys ! Feel free to join this group about  FOOD from all around the WORLD
Boil potatoes. Store them in the fridge. Have homefries.
breakfast wrap
Cheeseburger with fries
🍕 🍔 (that’s fresh mozz and marinara/not ketchup)
newly made chicken crust pizza
Tuna Tartare
Nashville Hot Chicken
vegan pancakes and bday bacon...the irony, I know
meatballs with mashed potatoes
Popcorn shrimp
Almond Tart I Made 😄
Pork Loin with cream cheese stuffing - garlic, basil, rosemary
Breakfast Quesadilla w/ Mochaccino
Scrambled Eggs &amp; Bacon
BLT and Vegetable Soup
Fully handmade pasta with tomato sauce and shrimp.
Tried to make Chicken BBQ with my noob friends. Doesn't look that good but tasted great!! Glad we tried...
A 15-minute vegetable salad and 10 ingredients provide you with over 225...
Cooked some Cajun chicken with brown rice and zucchini. One of the best meals I've made in a while!
this amount of street food for 100 Rupees ($1.4).
Greek Wings w/ Lemon and Feta
Italian Hoagie on Homemade Bread
Mattar Paneer
Grilled chicken larb salad
Mexican Chicken Soup
Smoked beef cheeks; barbacoa
"Paccheri del Papa" pasta with pork cheek, cherry tomatoes, stracciatella cheese, mushrooms, rosemary and shrimps
Spaghetti Bolognese slow cooked for 8 hours
https://ift.tt/35TYmZs
Shahi Pulao and Chicken Roast with Pickled Eggplants
Crispy Chashu Pork Ramen Bowl
Beef Tartare
Milk and kereal poptarts and subway kookies  cereal
Brunch with my roommates this morning: pancakes, guac, a chorizo/bell pepper breakfast scramble, toasted tortillas and sourdough, and berries!
naan breads.
It snowed in central texas, so I made some venison stew paired with some sliced sourdough and a homebrewed stout.
Breaded chicken, mashed potatoes and gravy, and broccoli
Stir fry and Spinat salad
Easy italian dessert:cantucci and zabaione
breakfast sandwich and bloody mary
Stewed pork with curry sauce
Smothered fried chicken, with recipe.
Chicken Manchurian ""
Banana Nut Muffin
Roasted Old Bay Shrimp with Celery Seed and Butternut Squash, Red Bell and Onion
Maja Blanca
Statement From Myanmar Military On State Of Emergency - NDTV
taco on sourdough tortilla
Salted Dulce de Leche
Cheesy garlic pesto pasta 🤩
Wedge salad with blue cheese dressing and crumbled bacon, tomato &amp; red onion
illusion cake of a stack of pancakes
Pepperoni Pizza
Bizcocho yogurt y limón
cannolis :@)
Mom's Homemade Pizza
Lemon Cookies
Pasta al limone &amp; Chicken Milanese
Bacon Pizza!
Chopped Caprese salad
caramel, chocolate, and peanut brittle cake
Spicy Honey Mustard Chicken Tender Habanero Cheese Pizza
Got my smoker for Christmas and experimenting with chicken quarters
shashuka with white beans
chilli and garlic prawns on the bbq
Steak sanga with fryed red onion and tomato, cheese and lettuce
Strawberry-mint, almond, and yogurt dessert
Sashimi, nigiri, and rolls
Avocado Bacon and Tomato Toast
Scallops, beetroot, gorgonzola and dill
Confit byaldi with balsamic pork tenderloin
“” sirloin ,beef cheek,shallot,wild garlic
Chili Colorado with pickled carrots and radishes
Sous Vide Salmon w/ Chili Lime Mayo
hot chicken sandwich
Cinnamon Roll(s)
Curried scallops, coconut coriander lentils, apple
homemade Chocolate Bounties!
Murder cookies recipe... Brown sus!
pasta e fagioli
white garlic basil sauce with bacon, mozzarella, tomato, and red onion
Detroit style-pizza
Reuben and Lacto-fermented pickles.
steak with mashed potato
Chocolate chip cookie with potato chips (The Couch Potato)
Apple blossom creme brûlée. Cant wait for spring!
ham and cheese croissant
Lithuanian dessert Tinginys
Creamy Cajun Chicken and Maple Bacon Pasta
Lamb Stew
Shoyu ramen with tofu and veg
Ditalini pasta with butter sauce and wiener
Salmon and Brussels sprouts
Greek marinated roasted veggies :)
Alaskan King Crab Legs
Thai Red Chicken Curry
Blueberry-orange scones.
This is Mona. She's my first pet and I love her so much.
Focaccia, decorated with the last of the veggies from the garden!
Christmas Pavlova
A salad cake with ham, pickles, potatoes, feta cheese, mayo, eggs and olives .
Máy xay giò chả mini 1500W là dòng máy có công suất và thiết kế tốt nhất trong số 4 dòng máy xay đa năng do BẾP ĐỎ phân phối. #Máyxaygiòchảmini1500W #Máyxaythịt1500W
avocado toast and goat cheese with prosciutto.
Reading Police Investigating After Video Of Controversial Arrest Goes Viral - CBS Philly
fried catfish
Fried Tofu
Gameday Chicken Sliders!
Buttermilk biscuits topped with honey butter.
Red Velvet Donuts w/Maple Bourbon Glaze
Cheese and ham pizza
Double Chocolate Cookies
Filet Mignon with Baked Potato and Broccoli
Vegan sushi
Curry 🍛
(Homemade) I ate Apple Pie my wife made.
Special dinner recipe with chicken breast by YUMMY RECIPES
Rustic loaf. 3rd attempt.
mini Easter bunt cakes.
Caprese salad
Buffalo Chicken Wings with salad.
Pasta Fazool / Pasta Fagioli With Bow Ties
Roasted Tri-Tip on my grill - seasoned overnight with black pepper, salt, chopped garlic and fresh rosemary from my out garden.
Everything Bagels with Smoked Salmon
Lemon Bars
pancake
Parmesan, Mushroom, Spinach and Gnocchi soup.
Chickpea Rotini | Cultured Sweet Potato Cream | Cremini | Kale | Pepitas
xmas finally arrived . Yummy 😋
Mediterranean Salmon
Spanakopita
Girlfriends sushi, almost served as Titanic..
lasagna cups
6 course tasting menu: Crostini, melon and prosciutto salad, 4 cheese ravioli al vodka, lemon sorbet, lamb with carrot ginger purée, flourless chocolate cake with espresso martini
lemon pepper garlic chicken cutlets with shell pasta alfredo topped with sauteed portobellos. Excuse the Dixie plate but didn't feel like doing dishes tonight lol
Mora Meat | Rou Jia Mo Easy Way | with Eng/Ger/Jp/Ch Recipe
Merry Christmas to all
Cheese-filled pull-apart Christmas tree
tomato soup and börek with feta cheese filling
Eggs and Bacon on Toast with a Feta spread and sauces.
smoke cured bacon for family Christmas presents
triple layered bacon pancakes topped with a poached egg and hollandaise sauce.
Perogi-sauruses!
copycat Crunchwrap Supreme!
Malaysian Chinese breakfast
Steak and noodles
Seared scallops, tomatillo + orange salsa, served with chili beans and wild rice
Christmas cookies 🎄😋🎅🏼
Fig, Honey, and Goat Cheese Galette.
Blueberry Coffee Cake with Confections Sugar
Vegetarian chili with air fried corn tortillas and avocado
Fiesta Fridays are a thing at our house. This past week, carne asada fajitas and smoked spicy queso
Almond Cream
chicken with turmeric veggie rice
fig desert with honey drizzle.
The underdog of sandwiches: PBB&amp;J
M&amp;M Brownies
Authentic Chilean Beef Empanadas
Pumpkin Swiss Roll
Cuban Sandwich on Cuban bread I baked today. Pulled Pork cooked in sous vide for 24 hours. Never had this legendary sandwich before, wanted to see what the fuss was about. Would make it again.
Air Fryer Shoestring Fries
New M&amp;S Delivery
Hashbrowns
Tomahawk ribeye
T-Bone Steak with twice baked potatoes and wood-fired Mac N Cheese
Chocolate Dipped Meringue Cookies
Gochujang roast chicken on a bed of potatoes
Man eats massive amount of meat and the audience hates masks!
Vegetarian Wedge Salad w Bibb lettuce, ranch dressing, Gorgonzola, maple syrup, tarragon and cayenne pepper.
Potato leek soup. All locally grown - western NY. Yummers!!!
Farfalle
salmon poke bowl
"" I have Soaked Dry Fruits for this Christmas! Have you?☺️
attempt at making burgers with homemade buns
mini middle eastern/iraqi pizza لحم بعجين
chocolate bundt cake
Mandarin Cake
Bread with bacon, cheese and fried onions.
Marbled banana bread
Pan seared duck breast with port reduction on a bed of brussel sprouts and pancetta
Shepard's Pie Halloween edition
Rye bread and cheese waffles
Ham with summer fruit and camembert Lunch
starting to get the hang of making fat steaks 🤤
Salmon Gravlax over crostini with scallion cream cheese, pickled onion, capers, and fresh dill
🇲🇽🦞30$ Lobster Beast  in Mexico🦞🇲🇽
feast of the seven fishes
30oz Tomohawk Steak, medium rare
- Check out our new Homemade food, we did some fusion food. Pizza Dosa, Chocolate Batter Dosa/ Pancake, Sugar Pancake, Check this out, we tried our hand on a sunday to make this breakfast receipe....
Smoked Beef cheek tacos, with cojita cheese, smoked corn and garlic cabbage slaw, and guacamole
Nachos with Jalapeño &amp; Lime Spiced Pork, Guacamole, Mango Salsa
Mesquite Smoked Brisket (10hrs)
Spicy Egg Curry
Seared Duck Breast with Blueberry Sauce, Fondant Potatoes and Steamed Broccoli
Sticky chilli wings, egg fried rice and garlic chilli chicken for dinner!
A proper Full English Breakfast
Hibachi Clear Soup - Instant Pot
what is this?! a BLT for ants?!
Chile relleno
mushroom soup
Everyone was posting divorce carrot cake, here you go divorce carrot-desiccated coconut omelette
Caramel filled chocolate cupcakes with salted chocolate buttercream, white chocolate &amp; caramel drizzles, &amp; chocolate covered pretzels &amp; oreos!
Vegetable broth
sushi platter with sous vide then charcoal finished wagyu fillet and store bought vegetable goyza.
Chicken Egg Roll Bowl
Stuffed mascarpone, parmesan, spinach and beef shells! Delicious and warm.
pasta and clams
Work charcuterie board
Beef Ribs for Dinner
This Sandwich
Lemon-Pepper Potato Wedges
Pumpkin Cake Doughnuts
potato donuts
Beet tuile, prosciutto curl, mixed greens and goat cheese mousse
Breakfast Pastries
Chicken Curry Salad on Crackers
fish fry, hush puppies, tartar sauce
Ramen
Kyoto pork belly ramen.
Eggs
Polenta with Chicken and Mushrooms
(Homemade) Blackened Scallops with Fettuccine Alfredo
Cooked Pho Broth
Stісkіng to Your Wholesome Consuming Plаn Away Frоm Hоmе If уоu аrе a well being соnѕсіоuѕ particular person trуіng tо ѕtісk tо a Wholesome Healthy Eating Plan, еаtіng away frоm hоmе саn bе a сhаllеngе.
A Full English Breakfast
Instant pot mesquite pork loin and gravy
Garlic bread.
Forbidden Broadway Sundae
fried fish tacos from Neptune’s Net at Malibu.
Cheeseburger with eggs
Avocado toast topped with fried egg and tomatoes.
looking into eco-friendly food packaging. Please fill in!
Rahu Fish Curry
Lahmaçun
Cheeseburger with lamb bacon topping.
duck fat roasted turkey, pan gravy
Game day Chicken Tenders with spicy mayo
dutch baby pancake
Canneloni
a sashimi platter
Apple Galettes
Lasagna with sausage bolognese and béchamel
Late Night Butter Beans
flaming hot Cheeto crumbed grilled cheese toasties for Valentine’s Day!
Nashville hot chicken sandwich with sweet potato fries and Brussels sprouts
Thanksgiving Leftovers Waffles
Mexican Blue Crab Soup. Soooo good!
Kare pan (Japanese curry bread)
Tangy Chicken Curry And Vegetable With Rice
Hamburger steak with poutine
Mini egg Chocolate chip cookies
(Amateur cooking)Rice with chopped up sirloin steak, sunny side up egg with mushrooms and garlic.
Shredded chicken quesadilla with homemade guacamole
pumpkin pie ♥️
Cheese and Crackers
Cornish game hens on polenta with parsley, garlic &amp; roasted red pepper, served with green beans, tomatoes &amp; pearl onions baked in balsamic glaze - Topped with brine reduction sauce.
Sourdough bread for NYE appetizer. Italian bruschetta.
Healthy soba noodles. Check it out on my YouTube channel moonratix
Eggs Benedikt
Funfetti cake with vanilla buttercream
Sweden's D...... Food Museum
Special Mooli wala paratha by Food Gala
Duck and pork street tacos
lox on a not homemade bagel
freestyle tuna salad
How to Make Sam The Cooking Guy's Spicy Garlic Butter Pasta!
cheese
Kentucky Hot Brown
Carrot Roll Cake with Cream Cheese Icing
Air Fried Fish &amp; Chips
Chocolate Salame
Haha, probably made too many pancakes (~1200) with u/SarcasticASF
beef confit cake with chanterelles and celeriac
Korean pork soon dubu chigae
Nashville hot chicken breakfast sandwich
Mussel Chowder
Pork, caramelised onions, fennel and thyme sausage rolls
HotPot!
Strawberry Cake
Raspberry &amp; pear tarts with oats &amp; brown sugar!
Kouign Amann
'France will tighten law on incest,' says Macron after book sparks outrage - Hindustan Times
White Cheddar Seafood Medley over Fettucine
Amazing turkey just pulled off the smoker. May flash fry it...
https://www.monsieur-cuisine.com/es/recetas/detalle/salsa-de-perejil/?L=0&amp;amp;cHash=5bac56930d21e6ba464dbc3fe0b24df0
breakfast
I purchased leftover donuts from a coffee place! Were only $5 Red velvet, chocolate, marshmallow, mint choc, banana, raspberry, bubblegum, mango, lemon and hazelnut flavor!
Sourdough naan bread with Paneer and okra fry.
Pork katsu curry with rice and roasted turmeric cauliflower
Mum of teen who abused Chris Whitty in viral video won't ground him - because he is 'suffering enough' - Birmingham Live
Chocolate lovers
Greens from the garden
Bread with dried fruits and nuts
Ginger Pork Donburi
everything bagels
kutchi kadak food | Kutchi bowl | कच्छी कड़क | Indian Street food | Indian snacks recipe
Turkey, green beans, mashed potatoes with gravy, croissant, cranberry salad, sweet potato casserole, stuffing, and a deviled egg.
Dry noodle with minced pork, crunchy lard, and pickles
Chocolate Crinkle Cookies with Caramel and Banana Syrup
Chilli Chicken with Kerala Parotta
Wild Rice, Quinoa and Spinach
How to cook a turkey
Pistachio &amp; Oat Sablés
gulab jamun + donuts
I was bored, so I made the United States of Christmas Cookies. 🇺🇸🎄
Middle Eastern Chicken &amp; Chickpea Stew
Turkey Tetrazini
Pancit
Creamy Potato Soup
Cooking Beautiful Pumpkin Cream Soup with Secret
Beef ribs straight outta ATX
Ramen
Just made some fudge. Wish me luck on the taste!
Seared Pork Chop, Green Beens and Mushrooms, and a Baked Potato
easter dunkaroos with buttercream and ganache
Turkish Breakfast
Pretentious instant noodles.
Pan seared salmon and vinaigrette roasted veggies
pan fried flounder
Bread I just made
Pineapple upside down cake
German Baked Potato Salad (without parsley :() and Stake
General Tso's on Quinoa salad and steamed Broccoli
Authentic Delicious Japanese!
A batch of vanilla and a batch of peppermint marshmallows.
Feta Toasted Ravioli with Pork Sausage Marinara Sauce
Miso Marinated Chilean Seabass
Oven Roasted Potatoes
Chipotle style steak “bowl”. Rice, guac, pico, and steak marinade all made by me.
Double Hominy Pozole
Full English Breakfast
bacon, egg &amp; cheese on a toasted bagel
A Beyond Meat smashburger
breakfast board made by my friend Kelsey. So delicious a true art form
Carnitas Tacos
Rolls with melted butter on top.
Naughty  creamy chicken &amp; gnocchi soup!
salmon with sweet corn succotash and red pepper purée.
Cannoli
thai beef noodle soup
Grilled sirloin sliders with homemade steak sauce, accompanied by fresh cut homemade fries.
Tteokgook
cuy with potatoes and pasta
Burrito Bowl w/pico, grilled chicken, lime rice, corn, red peppers, quac, and cheese.
Zucchini Canape topped with herb ricotta, portobello mushrooms and sun-dried tomatoes.
Spaghetti and meatballs.
seafood cajun copycat of Boiling Crab. I bought 2 jumbo crabs, 2 lbs of shrimp and 2 lbs of clams. Add lots of butter, loads of garlic, chili sauce and Zatarain cajun spice mix.
baked pasta on brioche chocolate chip bread
80's style prawn cocktail
Spicy grilled chicken burger with zucchini fries
Eclairs for New Years
superb yummy tummy cake
Smoked chuck roast
Crab soup tang bao
Neapolitan Pizza Margherita
BlackBerry Hosin Chicken, butternut squash, and broccoli Strawberry feta salad with Vidalia onion dressing The charcuterie board consisted of salami, prosciutto, goat cheese, pepper jack, maple horseradish mustard, and blackberry jam
Filet Mignon with homemade steak butter, caprese salad, and sautéed mushrooms
Mooncake with red bean and black sesame filling
GF Sourdough French Toast with Macerated Berries, Tennessee Honey Whiskey Whipped Cream, and Sausage Patties.
Midnight Casserolles.
Garlic 🧄 pasta with balsamic vinegar salad
grilled cheese bread bowl with tomato soup
Christmas Eve Cheese Spread
Savory Crêpe Folded Over Egg Yolk With Minced Black Truffle
chocolate mousse
Creamy Coconut Chicken
Traditional carbonara
Berry muffcake
Veggie Pasta, Turkey Meatballs, and the rest of a nice Cabernet. Great way to end the weekend.
Xiao Long Bao (Soup Dumpling)
creamy pasta with pan seared scallops and shrimp
Chicken &amp; Broccoli Stir-Fry
Viral Video: Jagananna’s Sensitive Move Towards Basavanna - Gulte
orange upside down cake
Entrecote steak with mashed potatoes, oven roasted broccoli and pan roasted purple carrots
PIZZA
Maruca’s Asbury Park NJ Tomato Pie
at a bakery/dessert shop in Athens on holiday (from summer 2019)
Grilled Classic Rosemary Lamb Chops (Rack of Lamb)
Simple Spaghetti Carbonara
angle wings
school lunch for a 2nd grader
Seafood Curry with Extra Jalapeño - hot!
Cuban style fricasé de pollo.
Sriracha Maple Salmon with Brussel Sprouts
I present: the meat cake I made for my fiancé’s birthday last night.
Spice galaxy pumpkin pie
Tumeric-Ginger-Miso Rice Noodle Soup w/ Carrots, Baby Bok Choy, Tofu, Cilantro and Red Chilis
Japanese Beef Steak Medallion
Double patty burger
Yeast Rolls
Beef Bibimbap
Berry Mint Trifle
My Friend said that this was too pink, is it?
Stuffed pizza muffins
Dark Chocolate-Espresso chip salted cookies
Mmmmm  gooeyness!
Beef Dumplings
Preparing my beach body with a little Shake Shack
Heyy guys this is a link to my instagram food account. A follow would be appreciated “”
Mushrooms and beef stuffed porchetta.
White Bean Chicken Chili Soup with sliced avocados.
Taco Bell
Roasted Tomato Chutney
Triple chocolate custard layer cake
a Cream Tea 🫖
Cus-cus sweet dessert
No more finger licking for me  Cheetos Crunchy Flamin’ Hot Límon chips with a pair of chopsticks
A trial Paella 🥘
Pumpkin Scones
Creamy Jerk Chicken Pasta
Flan de café
Pork Roast with Balsamic Reduction and Assorted Vegetables
Dry Brined Turkey, seasoned with Lemon zest, Garlic and Rosemary
a fish bowl of fresh raspberry-jam taiyaki.
Salted Caramel Apple Pie
Saffron Risotto w/ a Brown Butter Scallop &amp; Shrimps
tropic smoothie
Ross' Sandwich with the Moist Maker
Oven roasted turkey
Swedish x-mas food
Beet tortellini
Korean fried chicken.
I made  Shakshouka. Delicious!
Brigadeiros de Brazil
Dark and Orange Chocolate Cookies 🍊
Cheesy Omelette, toasted jam &amp; crm cheese chive/breakfasty bagels, with the min. ass't of heavenly bacon, home brewed java. Sentimental mug (see what I did there? ;) )
Gluten Free Pizza
Double yolk fried eggs/hashbrown
Sweet Chili Shrimp with Black Bean and Cilantro Lime Jasmine Rice.
Sharp cheddar, Pigs in a Blanket
We call it the dish of zee Lat
Tomahawk steak
puto seko.
Butternut squash &amp; pancetta soup
A few bites into a sloppy joe
Pizza and Garlic Bread
Spicy Chicken Sandwich
pork loin in honey mustard and rosemary
Bernie Bread
lentil Nachos
Stuffed Chicken Leg with Bacon, Porcini, Walnuts and a Date Sauce
Stuffed pizza rolls
fermented herring with almond potatoes and red onion on hard thin bread. Swedish traditional dish.
Pigs in a Blanket
Basashi, horse meat sashimi
creamed corn egg drop soup and chicken and green beans in black bean sauce
vegetarian (vegan without the egg) ramen
turkey cutlet
brunch spread
Instant Ramen
Tofu noodle wok
Gameday Nachos
Chef Boris...My pasta with tomato sauce
Pan-seared Octopus
amazing eclairs
Portobello mushroom burger with homemade pesto and a fried egg
Meatballs Are Cooking
Tuscan salmon and shrimp with ricotta and mushroom stuffed shells.
Cacio e Pepe from the new Stanley Tucci show 'Searching for Italy'...
Indigo Tower
Bucks County man in viral video of U.S. Capitol riot charged with assaulting police officer - PhillyVoice.com
Vegetable Gunta Pongadalu
Chow mein &amp; Dragon Chicken
Grilled chops, red cabbage, and stuffing
Roast potatoes + meat
Brioche toasted in olive oil with sauteed veggies and poached egg.
Boxing Day leftovers.
Udon stir fry
Sushi Rolls with Miso Soup, Edamame and Sake!
Sweet &amp; Sour Pork
Beer-battered fish tacos on homemade tortillas
Shrimp and broccoli, with rice noodles
Cheese pie
Fettuccine with bacon Alfredo sauce and blackened chicken
Pork Belly Steamed Bun
Manty
Reverse seared NY Strip and mashed potatoes
Umpire Paul Reiffel's reaction after Jasprit Bumrah knocks off bails in frustration triggers meme fest - Times Now
Lemon Cream Pasta with Scallops
Very large pancake. (12 inch/30 cm)
Penne Bolognese
Veggie tacos w/ pico de gallo and lime crema
Crispy Kimchi Jeon | Kimchi Pancake
Hot ham and cheese wrap
kaprese salad I made
Buttermilk Fried Chicken and Waffles
Loaf I baked :D
Trottole &amp; Cheese
Tried making  vegan pumpkin Mac n cheese (mostly to reduce lactose) and I loved it!
Spicy salad of beef just seared, minced, with fresh herbs (coriander, mint), served with salad and cucumber, plain rice
sundried tomato chicken with orzo pasta
A Burger
apple rose tart! happy thanksgiving!
Chicken tikka masala and naan!
Christmas cookie. Llama wearing a covid mask.
Caramelized Onion and Brie Tart with Bacon Jam
Bacon and Potatoes Breakfast Skillet
Long john,lemon and blueberry filled doughnuts
Yum
Pan fried sea bass, cuscus, butter fried green beans, tomato and olive salsa
Cream rolls with dried pork
pizza with hot honey
what the heck am I?
pot roast with roasted garlic mashed cauliflower
Rice bowl with sauteed onions and peppers, maple tofu croutons, and home pickled carrots and cucumbers.
Doggo doing a watch over the short ribs I smoked the other week.
“Kapsalon”
Ricotta Gnudi with shiitake and basil
Tomato tart
Fresh Pasta, Spicy Sausage, Caramelized Onions, Asparagus, in a pan sauce
Nashville Hot Chicken Horseshoe
Jalapeños &amp; Chicken Grilled Cheese
Avocado, Chicken, Blueberry Green Salad with Seeds and Garlic Lemon Dressing
Cheese board and wine for a quiet Saturday night at home
Mi Quang with a vegetable platter and banana blossoms
Crumb-top Apple Pie
Chocolate chip cake with dark chocolate buttercream
Cuban Shrimp Mojo Pasta
pasties. Not Cornish as I’m in Lincolnshire but the filling is the same......
Honey-vanilla ice cream with a fresh peach swirl.
breakfasts bake.
roast turkey! Happy Thanksgiving, everyone!
Brazilian Moqueca with Kuai Prawns and Sea Bass.
Lamb Paidakia, Roasted Potatoes, Cheese Saganaki &amp; Horiatiki Experiment
Biscuits with pork sausage and gravy.
Agedashi Tofu
salmon 2 ways
Red wine and beef broth braised short ribs
Asian meal from some extra beef rump
Chocolate Chip Cookie Cupcake, Cookies and Creme Cupcake
Pizza for Tonight's Dinner
Amazing Lobster Roll
Cauliflower Mac and cheese!
Classic Focaccia
Breakfast burrito!!
Shashlik - very popular food in Russia)
CRISPY CHANA DAL VADA
Meat and cheese party board
Made this for my mom's birthday, just couldn't able to stop myself from adding all the chocolate I had 😊
gyoza
BBQ baby back ribs, coleslaw and corn bread
Who would love to suck the cake off my toes? X Jade
carrot cake French toast and it was the best thing I’ve ever eaten.
roasted Brussels Sprouts
Tuna Sandwich that was looking at me funny
Matzoh ball soup
Cream biscuits with mushroom gravy
Spicy Kimchi Pork Korean Stew!
chicken sushi
Carl's Jr. chicken wings
Pork Belly Tonkotsu Ramen
Shoyu Ramen with chicken chashu and bok choy
carne asada fajita bowls
Pizza ft. soppressata, pepperoncini, dried shiitakes, and tangerines
I thought Reddit should know about this! Bacon wrapped, goat cheese stuffed, Dates.
Moroccan-spiced chicken kebobs with couscous pilaf.
chicken parmesan cutlets with homemade sauce. Made this in my tiny college apartment a few days ago and impressed some guests.
prosciutto &amp; salami (L) and olive (R) pizzas
Fried Rice Bowl
Tortilla Chips &amp; Hamburger Cheese Dip
My version of spicy chili oil wontons!
Ribeye steak, broccolini, with tomato, cucumber and basil salad
greek style pizza with Mozzarella, Parmesan, Feta cheese and Tomatos
Black Forest Chocolate Bonbons
Ate a dutch baby with my partner this morning
Pork Cutlet with spaetzle and mushroom sauce, sided with green salad
ribeye
Fettuccine Noodles
Fish Pie
Thịt Kho and Canh đậu hũ!
Sous Vide Beef Short Ribs on a bed of saffron and goats cheese risotto.
Honey Bbq Chicken Drumsticks.
cheesy goulash (no disrespect intended for those cultures with actual goulash)
Tambaqui.
filet mignon salad.
Chick-Fil-A sandwiches and waffle fries.
Beef and cheddar on an onion roll
for my Mum’s birthday - French scrambled eggs on a toasted croissant, topped with smoked salmon and parsley.
Pan-fried Pork and cabbage dumplings
Carne Asada
reviewing things that  from my local asian market // episode two
Lacto-fermented fennel and suprêmes d’orange
Pineapple Salsa Chick Tacos (Hello Fresh)
Chef Johns Apple Crumble Coffee Cake
Shrimp boiled in soy sauce
Prosciutto, castelvetrano olives &amp; bufala mozz cast iron pizza
Kötbullar with a side of mashed potatoes, princess beans, cranberries and German wheat beer
"" Mid-week stress buster is cooking, Tym for some BUTTER CHICKEN !!
Jerk Ribs
sourdoughs.
Mac and cheese with chicken and jalapeños
Red velvet brownies
Blueberry and Raspberry Cheesecake
cinnamon oatmeal with peanut butter blueberries and granola with dark chocolate bits
Servant — The Food Featurette
Vegan Lentil Nachos
How to make the TRAVIS SCOTT BURGER better than McDonald’s.
Mandoo Dumplings
Spanish Roscón de Reyes
pork rib tan tan noodles
pan pizza
Pancake Tower
taco beef nachos and guacamole
Delicious chocolate cake yesterday! Cousin birthday! 😋🎂
Buttermilk Fried Chicken Thighs
Chicken Haleem
Cioppino with King crab, mussels, shrimp and scallops
Maple-Pecan Buns
Clam chowder in a sourdough bread bowl with a garlic bread top.
marble rye
My “Banger &amp; Mash” , Cheerio .
Slow cooked beef and veggies
Sicilian semolina bread, 1 braid, 1 scroll
Korean bbq ribs
Steak burger in brioche bun
Cheese &amp; Jalapeño Bagels
steak, veges and smashed potatoes
Crispy Wheat Biscuits Simple Steps
cheese curds in the before. You will too, one day.
Banana pudding (with homemade vanilla pudding)
Jamaican Oxtail for Sunday supper
roast pork, roast duck and rice
COMO ISSO É POSSÍVEL?? Usando SAPATOS para fazer bife de carne - Cozinha...
winner winner questionably plated chicken dinner
The Bfast Burrito to end all burritos. 🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤
nachos, pigs in a blanket, Buffalo chicken egg rolls and chocolate chip and M &amp; M cookies.
Blackened Redfish Double Oscar! Mmmm
:)...quarantine burger!
uovo raviolo with butternut squash ricotta filling and butter sage sauce
Kung Pow Chicken
Cheesecake!
New york cheesecake with chocolate ganache
Bavarian cream with a raspberry sorbet, raspberry coulis, chocolate sauce, Graham cracker crumble, sugared raspberries, a chocolate fillagree, and a tuile cookie.
Lobster, Scallops, and Shrimp Platter
Beef Wellington
food 2021
Duck Shoyu Ramen
Momofuku Ramen
Bagels - Blueberry, Everything, Poppy, and Pretzel Crust
Chili Baked Potato
Nice night for a steak on the grill 😋
Last night's dessert, homemade
Creamy baby Bella mushroom risotto
Vegetables and trout stir fry
nutrigrain vanilla cookie pie
Smoked Beef Short Ribs
Rattlesnake Recipes by “Dessert Holly” Ted and “On The Rocks” Mac is a small book on the art of cooking  rattlesnakes. The book was published in 1950 and consists of recipes gathered from miners, cowboys, Calexicans, Imperialists, Nilanders, prospectors sheepherder, and desert rats. PDF:
Lemon Cake with Lemon Curd and Lemon Swiss Meringue Buttercream
Smoked curry deviled eggs, topped with Indian chili pickle, and garnished with a basil leaf.
Black and raspberry bread
Favorite sushi spot is closed because of the pandemic so I had to satisfy my craving
Lingcod ramen
Fish Taco
Today I Made Chewy Chocolate Chip Cookies, Is Good Or Not
cinnamon rolls with brown sugar filling.
scone with cheese and cottage cheese. Folded 6 times, each layer contains trappist cheese
First attempt at a charcuterie board.
Sirloin Steak with Stilton Mash Potatoes topped with Asparagus Tips. Accompanied with a Bordelaise Sauce 😍
TUNA TAR TAR TOWER by Chef Patrick McNamara
Three-cheese Salami Pizza
The Best Glazed Donuts on Earth
Chicken and andouille gumbo
fondue bread
Oysters
spicy fried rice with smashed chicken
Double smash burger on poppyseed charcoal brioche, smoked bacon, caramelized onion, peperoncini mayo
I didn’t want to wait until Saint Patrick’s Day
Curry clams
2020 Merry Xmas: Bánh Kẹp GIÁNG SINH từ NHỆN và KHÚC GỖ - ASMR Kluna Tik...
Saturday Night Munch
Cornbread sandwiches, pastrami(closest) and club(far) &amp; broccoli salad(broccoli,golden raisins,sunflower seeds and a sweet and tangy dressing. It was delish! Kitts Kornbread sandwich’s Jefferson, Texas. Must try if in East Texas area. They also have a huge selection of homemade pies.
steak tartare, so yum!
Hawaiian Shrimp in a pineapple
eggs and toast
Puff pastry crab rangoon
Oysters on the half shell with Champagne mignonette • Dungeness crab stuffed conchiglie • Grilled shrimp with pickled apple &amp; charred shallot • Seared sea scallop with hollandaise and kale puree atop polenta
Lamb Barley Stew
Simple Chicken Soba Ramen
Turkey, spinach and quinoa mini meat loaves
My attempt at  sourdough 😋
Japanese chicken curry &amp; rice
Smoked side ribs.
Tanned outside, pink inside
crunch warp.
Tomato sauce Penne pasta with cucumber, eggplant and zucchini
Lamb osso bucco with cheesy polenta and lemon-garlic broccolini
Mediterranean bowl with cauliflower rice
Guava empanadas
Fried rice and general tsos chicken
Cheesy Chipotle Shrimp &amp; Grits!
Beef tenderloin, duchess potatoes, creamed spinach and seared scallops
Googly eyed brownies.
chicken
street tacos 🌮
Avocado and Shrimps
Full Irish breakfast
Bacon, egg, cheese, grilled tomato on a toasted bagel.
Poha
Roasted Duck with Wild Rice Stuffing
nighttime-pizza
cheddar, onion and potato Christmas Perogies.
Chicken and falafel souvlaki with hot chilli
Avocado and Caramelized Onions Burger with Toasted Brioche Buns
How to make a homemade pizza easy

Bell pepper linguine with a spicy Italian and basil Vodka Bolognese. Topped with Burrata because why not.
Instant Ramen
salt and pepper noodles with beef, broccoli and shiitake mushrooms
Beijing Luzhu, fired cake, pork intestines and lungs. The minced garlic is the key.
Chocolate Cupcakes with Chocolate Pretzels
Apple Cider Salted Caramels
no sugar/yeast PIZZA dough, adding spice to taste
uova al pomodoro
individual eggplant parmesan with sourdough
Danish with pastry cream &amp; strawberry jam
Sourav Ganguly stable, decision on further angioplasty soon - The Indian Express
Ladurée macaroons
Burger and curly fries
The largest of 3 charcuterie trays we made yesterday... so good!
Peda
almond frangipane cream, apricots and raspberries tart
shrimp diablo tacos!
Sliced Veal with tuna sauce and Salina's caperberry
Ahi tuna poke with spicy mayo, wood ear fungus and cucumber salad, and jade rice.
Avocado Turkey and Egg Sandwich
Yo Mama’s Mozzarella Meatball Soup! My son ate 3 bowls
Caribbean Jerk chicken with bell peppers and zucchini
Banana cream cake
and grilled côte à l’os
KFC Employee Leaks A Video Showing How The Gravy Is Made
Smoked chicken
Bolognesse tagliatelle
Eggs with mushrooms, spring onion and Hoisin sauce
Pops and Lox Burger
A Ny Cheese Steak on a Roll.
Ethiopian Dinner - Injera, Yemiser We't, Yetakelt We't, Beef Tibs
Caesar’s Salad
A Homer Simpson style donut
Mahi Mahi fish taco 🌮. Radish, slaw and handmade tortillas.
Carnitas gordita, al pastor taco, and tripa taco
cheese, fruit, nuts, etc... board
Burrata and prosciutto with a balsamic reduction.
Cake for my dads 60th
chocolate tart
chicken torta
poached butter and cream chicken, Parmesan crusted chicken. Alfredo, baked broccoli, spicy bacon corn.
Chocolate chip and cranberry thumbprint cookies!
Cast Iron Skillet Pepperoni and Sausage Pizza.
Osso Bucco over Risotto alla Milanese.
Gyros.
Classic Breakfast
Steak and Mashed Potato
A Risotto
Chocolate Souffle with chocolate sauce and coconut and lime ice cream
""one potato and dinner is ready
matcha pistachio crullers and egg tarts
piennolo tomatoes, calabrian chili, smoked ricotta
Pumpkin Cheesecake Bars
Mushroom-soup with chopped zucchini and pepper-fried pancetta
24 hour sous vide roast
Momma's Christmas Charcuterie Board
Knock off In-n-Out burgers
Pepperoni pizza
Korean short rib tacos
Baked Bison Meatloaf
Rosemary and Brown Butter Butternut Squash Gnocchi
eggplant rollatini
Char Siu (BBQ Pork)
Low-Fat Chocolate Bundt Cake
Grande Marnier Soufflé
pistachio crusted french toast layered with homemade grape/clementine jam and peanutbutter, with a side of scrambled eggs and salami
Creamy mushroom linguine with burrata
Smoked wings!
Basque Burnt Cheesecake
French sourdough, avo, Scottish salmon, cream cheese, Greek halloumi, egg &amp; lemon.
Bossam
Braised beef short rib over polenta with a side of brussel sprouts with a reduction sauce from the braising liquid
Croissant breakfast sandwich
Mussaman Curry
Have a Berry Happy Valentine's Day Cheesecake
ĺZucchini Cheesy Bread
full rack of beef ribs + fries
Ceviche and Tortilla Chips
whole roasted chicken was a major success (minus the fact it was all leg and no breast 🤣) Definitely adding this to the family cookbook.
Sushi Roll
seafood dynamite
Banana Bread Muffins
Ăn các Nhân Vật Game UNDERTALE và AMONG US ngoài đời thật
Tigelle modenesi
Fresh Bluefin Tuna with extra wasabi
Omelette with fried cheese, bruschette and tuna salad
Life has been rough, lately but today I decided to try something new and break down a whole fish. Here’s a snapper sashimi with a yuzu vinaigrette, cured egg yolk and some lime zest! Sorry for the horrible picture. Have a great day everyone :)
Hole in the middle
Traditional finnish fish soup with rye bread
Sourdough Pizza
Central/North American desayuno.. Gallo Pinto, bacon, eggs w/ onions plus shredded Gouda cheese fresh from the farmers market, and toast with guayaba jelly.
https://ift.tt/3cAyHJH
gochujang ribs over garlic mash
Mutton curry
Toasted, buttered baguette with sweet balsamic glaze, mesquite turkey, Cajun turkey, provolone, swiss, spicy brown mustard, honey mustard, deli dressing, lettuce and tomato with classic ruffles chips
one of the biggest food disappointments is the mass produced bagged corned beef that you get in your grocery store for St. Pattys Day. This year I’m doing it right. Brining my own Brisket for 7 days and smoking it low and slow. I will also make pastrami out of this 15 pound hunk for meat!
I call it Hot Garbage around friends, and American Harvest Skillet around strangers.
Butter Chicken Recipe
Lemon Pound Cake
Hearing my dad always made for Christmas
Veg chowmein..
My first attempt on beef tortilla made from leftovets
Dark chocolate covered strawberry roses with white chocolate drizzle
Hello Kitty Squid Snacks.
Sour cherry jam, white chocolate and almonds babka
Cajun Style Shrimp
Tzatziki Pita and Gyro
Apple Crisp, Chocolate Chip Cookies, and Peanut Butter Cup Brownies
pork shoulder
Hot, air fried chicken wings. Only coconut oil and seasoning used.
Quesabirria Tacos
browned butter chocolate chip cookies
Blueberry Waffles
Irish beef stew with our towns local beer.
Spaghetti Arrabiata.
Low Carb Chili
It’s my cake day, so here’s a loaf of bread I made.
kalbi braised short ribs
fettuccine with truffle cream sauce, roast chicken and truffle shavings.
Kielbasa with potatoes, shallots, and mustard vinaigrette
Live Updates: US National Guard Activated As Trump Supporters Swarm Capitol - NDTV
Mexican Lasagna
Cinnybuns.
chocolate cupcakes with vanilla buttercream
Gyros with lamb meatballs.
NOURIN`S RECIPE DIARY: CARROT CAKE — Steemit
Challah Menorah
smoked trout, spaghetti squash , and cauliflower
Gyoza with homemade wrappers
Girl eating a burger.
baked Piri piri cod with crushed potatoes and side salad
sous vide reverse sear Tri Tip
Bacon topped crab mac and cheese
Chicken Tikka Masala.
Snickerdoodle Cake
Just a Burger
Seared tuna salad
Extra Custardy French Style Omelette with Coffee for Breakfast
Chicken Liver with Onions
Pumpkin Soup with sheep cheese and muffins
I’m proud of this
Frenched frog legs with sesame crust, charred bok choi , and spiced cauliflower puree
white and rye sourdough bread with caraway seeds and honey.
Pre-Covid. Favorite pizza place :)
philly cheese steak
braised short ribs with truffle risotto
everything bagel...bagels
Carbonara
Lemon cake from coconut flour and almond milk
Beef Borak with lemon dressed salad and tzatziki sauce.
Indian inspired omelette People believe me when I say this was so good I had a bite and had to pause for a moment to take it in
Blueberry waffle with bacon.
Fried Eggs on a toasted Kaiser roll
Cheese Dumplings &amp; Cheese Sticks with Ginger Joos
Blueberry cheesecake with sauce and cheesecake with caramel sauce
Creamy Orecchiette With Spring Onions, Fennel, and Bacon
Salmon Picatta and Brussel Sprout Hash
Counselors Providing Hope | Kansas City | New Leaf Counseling
Fried Rice, Chips and Curry Sauce to make the Glorious Irish "3-in-1" severed in a Foil Tin for Townie Authenticity.
Boneless Pork Rib Roast
Pork Tacos
Blackened Red Drum, Coleslaw, and Roasted Potatoes.
Bacon Cheddar crusted bone grilled ribeye
Penne Aglio e Olio
"Mongolian" Beef
chocolate cream filled mini eclairs
fried lumpia
Miso Brussel Sprouts, “3S” Glazed Mushrooms, Cucumber Salad and other miscellaneous things on Brown Rice
IT / Tech Support | Get a Job Alabama
Steak Fajitas with a creamy cilantro and jalapeño sauce!
Slow Cooker Honey Garlic Chicken &amp; Steamed Rice
Scrambled Eggs, PB and Nutella toast w/ Bananas and Berry Juice
salmon Avacado Nigiri.
Beef with black bean sauce and rice
brioche French toast with caramelised banana and double cream
hotteok (w/ pecans)
Pork egg rolls
My mamas homemade kebabs with homemade achar (spicy mango with herbs and oil), red union and cucumber
Only two of us this year, we just did it live anyway, America!
San daniele e formaggio pizza: Mozzarella, San Daniele ham, arugula and Parmesan cheese
Queso Fresco Entomatadas with Chicken!
Shrimp Chilli Ramen!
Challah French Toast with caramel cinnamon apple and peanut butter
Mexican HotPot
yesterday my friend made this cupcakes it was so good
Sushi dinner
lemon tahini garlic kale, roasted sweet potatoes, bbq tofu, couscous, n picked red onion — this shit is POPPING
Chicken Roulade over penne fra diavolo
Frites Salad
The taqhito
ramen !!
bbq confit duck with cucumber, coriander, chilli and poppy seed salad.
"" Quevos Keto Low Carb Egg White Chips Variety Pack - Sour Cream &amp; Onion, Rancheros, Pickle, Honey Mustard - Keto Snacks, Gluten Free Snacks, High Protein, Perfect for Any Diet.
chicken tikka masala, naan, and vegetable pakora
Banoffee pie
Chocolate beetroot brownies
Grape Pie from Central NY (Skaneatles)
Wagyu New York Trip, roasted Yukon potatoes, sauteed mushrooms, garlic confit, garlic bread, and broccoli!
Vegan Chocolate Chip Cookies
triple cheeseburger on a salted pretzel bun
Fresh fruit tart
Sourdough bruschetta with prosciutto, chorizo, cannoli beans with fresh parsley
Cheesecake with melted Biscoff cream &amp; filed almonds on top.
Pierogi with cheese 🤤
Grilled Scallops and Potatoes, Coconut Milk Green Curry, Pickled Okra, Toasted Cashews, Blue Basil.
Food Availability during Hajj
Apple&amp;Walnut bundt cake with coconut sugar and maple icing 🥰
Surf and Turf, charcoal grilled lobster tail and filet.
Tiramisu with three layers of sponge fingers and lots of cocoa powder!
Duck Rillettes for gifting this year, in place of (or in addition to?) Christmas Cookies.
Blueberry and chocolate cake!
Brownie Islak Kurabiye / 10 Dakikada Hazırlandı, Anında Bitti / Brownie ...
Strawberry cake
uni budget doesn’t have to mean bad food - scrambled eggs and toast.
piccalilli with carrots, cauliflower, cucumber and onion. Recipe in comments.
Charbroiled Mussels
corned beef and cabbage
Parmesan Garlic Asparagus
Chocolate Brownies
Cold Ramen (Naengmyeon)
Salmon and prosciutto appetizer
3 egg sausage and cheese omelet with red potatoes
Beef Mini Tortilla Bowls
Chocolate Babka Snowflake
Smashburgers (Brioche buns, homemade sauce, jalapeno, onions, bacon, american, and pepperjack cheese.)
Chocolate Chip Ricotta Cake
Tonight’s meal :)
Malted Brownies with Walnuts. The Claire Saffitz recipe.
Grapefruit and lemon bars with sea salt
cheesy Italian toast
sourdough bread made with milk
1 min microwave chocolate chip cookie ~
Patty Melt
Thought I'd post what  on my cake day :p I've been wanting them for 2 months lol
Grilled Korean BBQ skirt steak
BBQ pork with baked beans, mashed potatoes and corn on the cob
homemade mole for my birthday
Bacon, sausage and cheese takoyaki
this dessert last night! love it!!!
peanut butter creme patisserie filled brioche buns
Pulled Pork Tatchos
pumpkin cheesecake bars
California Burrito for my quick fix extra salsa pico.
Sinigang
Pork Katsu Sando
Green chillies curry
بلح الشام بتاع المحلاات باسهل طريفه واسرع تحضير
Christmas breakfast veggie frittata, spiced with Turmeric and Curry.
vegan earl grey lemon and blueberry cheesecake. I am also trying to practice my food photography skills!
Salmon Nigiri
Tiramisu
deep fried plate of chicken and fish
Cheesecake stuffed carrot cake! Delicious!! Recipe in comments.
tea party treats
Polenta with Chicken in a Mushroom Sauce.
chips, eggs, popcorn, ketchup, pickles
Chicken thigh spagetti
falafel with tzatzki and salad
Halibut with a miso-mustard glaze and a butter bean, tomato, and corn stew.
A5 Waygu “shashimi” for IRL cakeday
Hot dog buns with ketchup/crunch bar/lays BBQ chips
Lemonade cake
Pan Seared Salmon, Collard Greens, and White Rice
The easiest way to make very soft pakoda kadhi I Pakoda Kadhi Recipe
Brunch. Biscuits and gravy, avocado toast and fried sweet potatoes.
Chicken chili and a side of rice
Country fried steak, mashed potatoes, gravy, and fried okra.
Ethiopian Sega wat, Gomen and ayib with mitmita, Azifa, and Somali Canjeero bread.
The hinterland of Kobe Beef- Japan 🇯🇵 a arguably the only place where you can find authentic Wagyu beef.
chocolate fudge cake
Farmers Breakfast
Chicken jalfrezi with broccoli and cauliflower rice
New York Style Pizza
Meyer lemon &amp; poppyseed cake with blueberry jam and lemon buttercream frosting
Chicken Noodle Soup!
Chicken Bacon Ranch Flatbread
American and Italian Cuisine for Two or Four at The VaudeVille Inn.
"If Anything Happens To Daughter..." Nawaz Sharif Targets Pak PM, Army - NDTV
Vietnamese Bun bo Hue
Parisian Flan
Nashville Hot Chicken Sandwich
brown sugar bacon
potato donuts (sprinkle, chocolate glaze, banana foster, blueberry cobbler)
Cheese pizza
Found a Bear in my ice cream
Bloody heart Valentine’s cake
Splurged a bit today on king crab from the local market
King cake
power greens salad with Sazon seasoned chicken
Ham &amp; Cheese Garlic Bread Sliders
I’ve just had some store bought stuffed clams. What is not good is that the clams are around 70 years old. That cannot be sustainable.
London Broil
Patty melt, onion, Swiss, American cheese, flax seed wrap (no proper bread on hand). With broccoli Mac n cheese .
Chuck Eye Steak with Chimichurri and Scrambled Eggs with Spinach and Parmesan
Pulled pork
i ate a pizza it looked like this
Baked salmon filet, baked potato, tomato-balsamic reduction salad
laksa
Meatballs
Cake with Nutella :)
Stir Fry Meat with white rice
pineapple upside down cake. Because it’s Thursday.
Irish Soda Bread Scones
An amazing beef burger
pecan pie leftover
French style spinach gnocchi with peas and asparagus!
Steamed and grilled carrots on a bed of tahini and garlic herb oil. Topped with dukkah.
salmon burger and sweet potato fries
Tomato and bacon pasta with feta and mozzarella cheese
Cranberry Curd tart with Pomegranate Glaze
Applewood smoked Garlic bourbon Tomahawk Ribeye steak
late night snacks- Taiwanese popcorn chicken
Pretzel Bites!
Okonomiyaki
I ate  chickens memo by my pro chef mom
Garganelli Arrabbiata
Chocolate Cake With Chocolate Ganache | Chocolate Cake Without Egg #shorts
Made my daughter her first full English breakfast
Mediterranean dinner.
Baja-Style Crispy Shrimp Tacos with Spicy Chile De Arbol Salsa
embrace donuts !
Potato &amp; Cheese Pierogi
Secret Garden Focaccia (with snow!)
Cajun Chicken Quesadillas
extra spicy sriracha prawn bao buns
How To Make "" Egg Pumpkin With Cinnamon Apples "Pancakes".
Pizza with ricotta, sautéed mushrooms, fresh mozzarella , and baby arugula
Pork chop, ginger apples, goat cheese bread pudding, balsamic grilled vidalia, demi-glacé.
Pickles! Happy Pickles Day!
Seafood Platter featuring Lobster, Langoustine, Mussels and Oysters.
Spatchcocked, dry brined turkey
Patacón con hogao
Pizza Pie
Okonomiyaki with Chicken &amp; Bacon
Meyer lemon bars!
Bacon, eggs and toast with habanero sauce to be liberally applied
ramen broth with squid, tamago (egg) block, &amp; beech mushrooms.
Burger / Burger buns
Crab and Shrimp Boil
Spicy Basil Chicken (Pad Krapow Gai) with Broccolini
Italian Grinder
ice-cream, chocolate sauce, Meringue.
Airfried Frozen Burger Patties
Sushi for a special day! Take all day doing, lasted for 3 days.
Buttermilk Biscuit Fried Chicken Sandwich
Akihabara Tonkatsu Marugo
Caprese Salad
Carnitas tacos with fresh guacamole
Gochujang Sauce
11 Hour Smoked Beef Plate Ribs
Pumpkin Ale Profiteroles with Maple Mascarpone Cream
Check out these food boards!
Miso soba with veggies, toasted sesame oil, and a soy sauce egg
black bean and chickpea falafel
Crispy tofu and garlic-roasted potato burrito
pho dac biet
Bulgolgi Nachos with roast Kimchi and gochujang Mayo
Foccacia bread
Have you ever seen a yellow tomato before?
Southern Fried Chicken
Dosa with Palya potato and added chorizo, (mango chutney added after pic) and creamy black dhal.
👍💯Rice Pilaf Recipe
Bulletproof Tea | Keto Masala Chai Tea
egg &amp; turkey bacon sandwich with hp sauce on a gluten-free everything bagel (only bc my doc told me to 🤣)
Mudgie's Deli, The Barron.
Apple fritters! (doughnut style)
this delicious Stromboli.
Two pizzas
smoked spam and pepper jack melt with sriracha Mayo
Pokebowl with crawfish, salmon and surimi.
Takoyaki, Salmon Oshi, Salmon Scallop Oshi, Dynamite Roll
Rose water panna cotta 🤤
Vanilla, Cinnamon, Lavender, and Almond extracts
Pork chop and tonnes of veggies!
pulled chuck roast.
Deer and bacon burgers(80/20) with barbecue sauce, blue cheese, red cabbage and apple slaw, dill pickles, and yellow mustard. Side of onion rings
family-style seafood noodles
Turkey and salami on rye, with cheddar, lettuce, tomato, and pesto
cheeseburger and fries.
If there is French Onion Soup on the menu, I am ordering it.
Korean fried rice and pork chop
Chocolate cinnamon rolls
cheeseburger
biscuit dough in a waffle iron sprinkled with cinnamon sugar.
Singapore Noodles
Reverse seared filet mignon w/ four-cheese risotto
24oz ribeye, reverse seared
Chicken Tinga 🤤🍴
lemon meringue pie 🥧
Pineapple curry over breaded tofu and rice with oven baked crispy brussel sprouts in sesame oil, soy sauce, fresh garlic and ginger, chili flakes and garam masala
Day after Thanksgiving breakfast.
crème brûlée
blueberry and cherry cream cheese danishes
crème brûlée: I torched it better.
spinach, garlic and ricotta pizza
chocolate turtle Bundt cake
Вкусная рыба на гриле - Crazy Cooking ACMP cтоп моушен/ Смешное видео/Pr...
Took a crack at Chef John's choux au craquelin
Chicken dinner.
Inarizushi
Rich &amp; tasty Boeuf bourguignon
Chicken with green peppers and black bean sauce with chow mein
Nasi Lemak (rice cooked with coconut milk and pandan leaves), accompanied with Sambal Tumis with prawns, bagedil (potato and beef cakes), fried split fish, Japanese cucumbers and onsen egg (traditionally this should be fried eggs).
My first home made roasted Chinese Duck! It took me over a day to prep (you dry rub it and air dry it overnight after parboiling it), but it was worth it!
Fried Pickles
Mexican beef stew topped with sriracha and guacamole
Caesar salad cheeseburger alone. Zona Burger!https://imgur.com/vRVdaJO.jpg
cheesecake with buttercream frosting
Golden beet salad, whipped ricotta, mint, daikon, bee pollen
beef bean and egg wrap
Chicken Teriyaki Chow Mein. Fried Noodle Recipe.
Chicken street tacos
Tofu Vegetable Steam Pot
Bacon, Brie &amp; Caramelised Onion Burger.
Chocolate Babka just before it hits the bread pan.
Flamin' Hot Pork Tenderloin Sandwich and Mashed Potatoes.
Onion Buns
Mini Midas- Choco overload gold plated ice cream
Toasted Country Sourdough with house cured &amp; smoked Bacon, Cream Cheese, Maple Syrup, &amp; Parmesan
Prosciutto, Egg &amp; Gruyère “McGriddle” with Avocado
Chocolate peanut butter brownies with Reeses puff streusel
Fried Teriyaki Chicken Legs with Rice
Baked Meat and Spinach Patties with Tzatziki, Saffron Pilaf, and Cherry Tomato Salad.
Steak Eggs Benedict
BBQ Oysters and Clam Chowder Sourdough Bread Bowl
"" Vegetable Omelet
Fried balogna sandwich
Risotto, with scallops.
Smoked turkey and collard greens ramen with shoyu tare
India Mulls Law To Ban Cryptocurrencies, Create Official Digital Currency - NDTV
ramen with chicken, nori and egg
Swiss Fondue "moitié moitié"
Cajun Sunday went well! rice, beans, and crispy chicken
sweet n sour chicken
Old Bay Shrimp
Hatsuhana in NYC, this is called the dream box 🤤
Sous vide a5 fillet mignon with cheesy hash brown casserole!
Funnel Cake
Duck egg Shakshuka
Detroit-style pizza with spicy Italian sausage, garlicky broccoli rabe, red onions, and jalapeños.
japanese beef curry with spinach garlic rice &amp; air fried oysters
Cheesy garlic brioche buns
Whipped cream and pumpkin pie!
Chicken tenders (with Flaming Hot Cheetos substituted for Bread Crumbs)
Beef Rouladen, Kartoffelklöße, Spätzle, Blaukraut
Bojangle’s Boberry Biscuits
Since When Kiwi
Wood fired Cadbury chocolate spread and marshmallow pizza.
Japanese Yakitori
PF Chang’s cabbage wraps
A bowl of Japanese Waygu.
Chicken &amp; Shrimp Alfredo
fruit salad (kiwi fruit, orange, melon, strawberry, etc.)
Pork and apple sausages, caramelised carrot and onion with a cheddar and parmesan cheese sauce pasta.
Chicken and Four Cheese Garlic Sauce on Penne with Early Peas and Paprika
Buffalo Cauliflower “Wings”
Korean style pork stir fry
Shrimp &amp; Grits
Five Stars Under $10! If COVID has taught me anything it’s that I’m a much better cook than I’d like to admit. Pan-seared Mahi Mahi with steamed summer squash and garlic butter white wine dressed green beans.
beer cheese bison balls!
Campfire Grilled Porkchops in the Rain
Musubi on Tahdig with Pickled Carrot Skins
Cheese and Bacon stuffed Chicken Breast wrapped in Prosciutto
White Clam Pizza Pie
Smash burger and curly taco fries
Apple and Pear Crisp
Roast leg of lamb
Orange cake.
American Sandwich Bread
321: Food Fest takes over Melbourne's Wickham Park on Saturday with 40-plus food vendors - Florida Today
Salmon with roasted garlic broccoli and jasmine rice
Chicken Corn Soup
Creamy smoked trout and dill handmade fettuccine, crispy skin
Tempura shrimp, scallops, eggplant, and sweet potato
layered cookie “cake”
Rosas de Hojaldre con Nutella (Puff Pastry Roses with Nutella)
chicken doner with pickled cabbage, lettuce, tomatoes and garlic, yogurt sauce on pita.
lentils makhani
Scrumptious Super Bowl spread
Steak Kabobs and Lemon Steamed Broccoli
Posole
Chicken fajita bowl with cauliflower rice
Aldi apple chicken sausage and two inexpertly fried eggs.
Tomato and chicken pasta-bake with cheddar and mozzarella cheese. Garlic bread on the side.
The Year We Stayed Home: 2020 Food, Drink Trends - Gulfport Gabber
Quesadillas, Pico and roast tomato and jalapeno salsa
banana bread!
Sausage Rose Pasta
japanese curry
Coooookies
Gingerbread Cookies with Royal Icing
pepperoni, pepper, mushroom pizza
Chicken curry. Chicken, onion, whole cream and curry.
Spicy Pork Ramen with BBQ Gyoza and deep fried chicken
(Homemade) Chicken Pot Pie
Breakfast noodles
Black Hummus
Garlic octopus
Turkey and Stuffing
Creamy Country Sourdough
Chicken Tikka Masala
Marbled seitan of vital gluten, almonds, and white beans ; cooked as barbacoa.
Wiggan Kebab, Smack Barm Pey Wet
rice soup with egg, I almost eat it every night and its amazing
piece of bundt cake I made today
Cranberry Orange Muffins
salmon with hollandaise sauce, veggies &amp; brown rice pilaf.
Our Valentine’s Day meal :)
BBQ chicken, lettuce and carrot salad and french fries with a glass of lemonade.
Made barramundi with broken potato, glazed carrots, mint yogurt and basil oil.
eggnog cheesecake
Made top ramen.
What Potato Chips made by Khan
Sour cream and chive crackers
Dry aged ribeye, butter basted with garlic rosemary and thyme, grilled mushrooms, asparagus and peppers. (Store bought McCain spicy fries)
Whiskey Sour
Vegetarian pho
Victoria Sponge cake
giant creme caramel
Golden hour works on food too🥰 Homemade bagels are always so much yummier 🥰
My Christmas Hot Cocoa Bombs! Chocolate shell filled with marshmallows. Put them in a glass &amp; pour on hot milk for instant, creamy, red velvet hot chocolate!
Candied Ube with Cinnamon roasted pecans
General Discussion Post - December 2020
Spicy Crawfish
scallion pancakes and a fried egg topped w chili oil
Copycat Supreme Crunch Wrap
Surf n Burg.
Roasted Red Pepper and Black Olive Focaccia Pizza
"" good and tasty
Make healthy income every month
Korean Buckwheat Noodle w/ Gochujang Sauce
Fried salmon and avocado sushi
I made Orange chicken steamed white rice garnished with green onion for dinner
Tornado omlette ontop of japanese curry.
Marmite and stout beef stew on mustard mash
Black Sesame Pound Cake with Kinako Streusel
Creamy Lemon-Dill Salmon over Rotini
tosti
Frutti di Mare
Seafood Pho
Steak sandwich with Tomato and Parmesan salad
Sweet and sour chicken
Sirloin medallions with mushroom gravy
Chocolate raspberries cake
Sesame Semolina Bread
Garlic Butter Zucchini
Nashville hot chicken and thick cut white bread
Cauliflower Kimchi fried rice
Ashkenasi Brisket w/Kasha Varnishkes - Rosh Hashanah Dinner
Seafood Platter
Chicken Parmigiana with side of pasta.
Happy Labor Day ribs
Fried chicken sandwich.
24oz Prime Aged Bone-in Ribeye Chop with grilled asparagus, truffle fries, truffle Mac n cheese and popovers!
Cinnamon Rolls with Maple Buttercream
Russian pierogies with yoghurt sauce
"" Vietnamese cold brew coffee in USA
Gravlax, Scandinavian style salmon fillet packed in salt, sugar and herbs.
Roasted cherry tomato penne with mushrooms, chicken and heaps of garlic and basil.
Rotisserie Leg of Lamb
Enchiladas and sauce
Chocolate Cashew Mug Cake with Yoghurt Dip
A Fortnite candy mess cake
The pizza place
beignets
I made tonkatsu and butter rice for day 1 of the new sumo tournament
Golden Rotini (turmeric bolognese)
sourdough bread dyed with turmeric.
Lobster tails
English Muffin with Ham and Poached Eggs
chorizo egg and cheese biscuits
I made a perfect roast marshmallow :)
Homemade Ramen. It’s good.
Fresh loaves of bread
Lemon pepper tilapia, mashed potatoes, and roasted garlic brussels sprouts
Gnocchi alla romana
North Shore Beef 3-Way
meat pasties
Roasted Parmesan Romanesco with Red Pepper Flakes
Russian Vinaigrette Salad
fresh loaves
General Tso’s Chicken with burnt Garlic Fried Rice
Indian styled Lemon Pepper Chicken.
Buns
Brown Butter Oatmeal Pancakes
Prawn Stir-Fry
Red Chile Beef and Green Chile Pork Tamales
Vietnamese Cha Ca
Black cocoa brioche cauldrons with (colored) lime curd and Italian meringue. Bloody eye and bone sprinkles, plus vial of green apple pop rocks.
Vegetarian thali
Sushi Love ❤️
egg fried rice
Stuffed peppers with couscous and bulgur
Been seeing a few shakshukas floating around, thought I’d share my own 🤤
Asian market roast pork
Secret Chef Vault for chef tools!
Hawaiian Bento Box
Red chili oil with garlic, shallot, ginger and all the aromatics. Chili powder is a combo of chili de arbol and urfa chili powders because I didn’t have enough of either.
Ribs, red potatoes salad and baked beans in tomato sauce.
wedding cake!
They Claimed the Covid Vaccine Made Them Sick—and Went Viral - WIRED
Fettuccini Alfredo with fresh pasta
Rigatoni
Breakfast burrito
Smoked Beef Rib
prosciutto pizza
Gyudon
Another mouthwatering burger
https://ift.tt/2Y4SuID
Tocino fried rice
lomo saltado
Surf &amp; Surf: King Crab, wild caught butter poached Gulf White scrimps, jump crab cake with  remoulade, roasted asparagus, and some green things.
Double bacon cheeseburger
Dinner for 2
Sourav Ganguly stable, PM Narendra Modi calls up to inquire - Times of India
Pancake Cereal!
Chicken breast with melted Monterey Jack cheese, mushroom sauce, mashed potatoes and roasted carrots. Doesn’t look pretty but oh man.... it’s good.
Smoked Turkey Legs
Spicy Scrambled eggs
lobster and cream cheese stuffed chicken in a creamy white wine sauce with green onions &amp; peppers.
Yangzhou Fried Rice
Funfetti cupcakes and buttercream frosting.
DAHIWADA
minimalist Halo-halo
Cinnamon Buns with Cream Cheese Icing
NASA Lands the Perseverance Rover on Mars - WIRED
Salmon with mashed peas &amp; potatoes
Slowcooker Red Beans
Moroccan Spiced Pork Roast bento
Potato croquettes
Part 4 of the, “is it cute?” Saga. Once again, I ask you, is it cute? (East Pacific Red Octopus)
Double Katsu
Cubano.
unicorn cake
Birria (de res) quesatacos
tenderloin, bordelaise, potato pave, crispy asparagus, crimini
Italian takeout: *Misticanza -Spring salad w/ olives, shaved parmigiano, aged balsamic (Added shrimp)* *Margherita Diavola: Spicy, Tuscan style pizza* *Gamberoni Alla Grigli: Grilled shrimp, spicy caponata-citrus sauce* *Linguine Al Nero Di Seppia - Squid ink pasta, red wine-braised octopus
Double dipped Oreos with nutella and chocolate strawberries
Prime Ribeye Steak
Scorched mackerel, oriental cured salmon, pickled shallots with a lime and ginger dressing
2 steak burritos with melted pepperjack
Herb and Plain White Bread
Tater tots dipped in chocolate. I did an amazing food review on it. But I am no longer able to share my amazing food reviews with all of you :(.....
Pav I made and got on a specials menu
Smoked Maple Glazed Salmon
poached eggs with Korean carrot ribbons
Deep fried turkey, collard greens w/ turkey neck, baked Mac n cheese, &amp; homemade cranberry sauce. 🤤
Sonoran Style Burritos - Salsa Verde Pork, Smoked Red Chile Chicken, Bean and Cheese
Diwali thali!
Flashback to last years Christmas Charcuterie - When cheese and wine could be shared with friends!
organized &amp; labeled sushi
UniccShop - Login Area Credit Cards Dumps Unicc Shop Unicvv
Teriyaki Salmon &amp; lemon-pepper asparagus
Meat and Cheese board.
Smoked Garlic Parmesan and Sweet Thai Chili Wings.
Store bought Zongzi w/ homemade seasoned choices and dipping sauce. Zongzi was made by store owners!
Cheat croissants
, White bread and french toast easy recipe
Honey Garlic Shrimp &amp; Broccoli
Xmas dinner for 1 due to Covid restrictions
Boston Brown Bread
Chicken Mac and cheese,
Potstickers / Fried Gyozi with collards and Japanese half-brown rice
Fried Hake tacos
Surf n Turf on a campfire
ITAP of an avocado preparing for its  destiny
Curry Chicken
Ahi Tuna Poke Nachos
English Fry up
Spicy Korean rice cakes with a chicken, mushroom and broccoli stir-fry
Grilled Irish smoked ham with cheese, sauerkraut, and my homemade sandwich sauce.
Carbonara👨🏻‍🍳
My  bibimbap ☺️
Beef ham and sharp mustard on German rye bread
Scrambled eggs with potatoes
Focaccia with lavender, rosemary and sage
Sourdough Dinner Rolls
Steak, Egg, and Cheese Sandwich
Roasted Garlic Focaccia
Cajun Prime Rib Roast with Baby Yellow Potatoes and side salad- in Foodi XL 10 in 1
muffins
Swiss Cordon Bleu Casserole
sweet potato katsu curry
Spaghetti Bolognese
Steak day with potato salad on the side!!!
Galaxy french macarons
NY Style Pepperoni Pizza
vegetable soup
Avocado toast with a fried egg and hot sauce 🤤
10% Emmer Wholemeal Sourdough
Japanese Prime Rib Don
Fruity Pebbles no bake cheesecake
Spicy soy miso ramen with pork belly
seared ahi tuna with quick pickles
Korean bbq for 2: Hanger + ribeye + panchan
Limoncello Crab Spaghetti
Strip Steak
Arkansas makes food plant workers eligible for vaccine - Hot Springs Sentinel
Bacon and eggs with fried barramundi
ratatouille, pasta and olives :)
Kuchen
Sushi Rolls
Hawaiian parami
Turkey wrap with spinach, tomato, red onion &amp; gochujang mayo
Woman arrested, accused in attack on S.F. Uber driver caught on viral video - San Francisco Chronicle
Vegan, semi-whole grain pancakes with cocoa sauce, coconut and almonds
lemon, vanilla sour cream pancakes
Chocolate ball dessert.
Medium Rare Please! 😋
lobster roll with lobster oil
Lahori Bong Paye Recipe
I made Lotus biscoff baked yogurt (not-)cheesecake!
Brioche Bacon Avocado Cheeseburger
carrot halwa(candy)
Dookibab from Grubhub
https://ift.tt/36IMOsr
Dark Chocolate dipped Coconut Macaroons
Boodle Fight
Shaved pork sandwiches,Homemade sharp provolone sauce, Roasted peppers, jalapeño, and bacon.
Lobster leftovers became Lobster pasta
Maruti Suzuki India reports 20% rise in December vehicle sales - Mint
Salmon with pickled radish, fried rice, kimchi, and umeboshi
Basque Eggs &amp; Tomato Breakfast
Flour tortillas with marinated chicken, home-made mayonaisse, rocket and grated parmesan cheese.
Spinach Chicken Salad
(not mine) dinner yesterday at a friend's house, was delicious.
Super simple roasted cauliflower
chicken bahn mi
Steamed Buns with Shredded Pork
Perfect Steak
mayonnaise
drift wood charcuterie board
Aloo keema (ground beef &amp; potatoes) over plain basmati rice.
country dinner with salmon patties, smashed potatoes and green beans
Thai basil beef mince, tamarind prawns, jasmine rice and a sunny side egg.
Kiwi bites
Bath
Tiramisu made w/Disaronno Velvet crème, and Kahlua infused Lady Fingers
Char Siu (pork belly), egg fried rice, and sesame ginger bok choy
Fruit Tarts
Getting pretty good at Burrata
Perfect cheesy scrambled eggs.
Samosa Recipe I found easy to do. Might be interesting for some of you
The Perfect Homemade Apple Pie https://ift.tt/3svZuw1
Breakfast Garlic Rosemary Focaccia
Vegan tofu and “beefy” broccoli with rice noddles
Là dòng máy thái thịt tươi sống, đặc biệt là thái thịt bò cho năng suất cao.
Spaghetti &amp; Meatballs - Valentines Dinner. Copied recipe from the Chef show.
Cornbread Chicken Pot Pie
Thanksgiving stuffing.
Pappardelle and Braciole
Four pounds of sliced okra. In gumbo parlance, a “shit ton”
Lemon Butter Cake
Western bento box: w/ quick pickled cucumber and radish, sticky rice, breaded pork cutlet, heirloom cherry tomatoes, and organic blueberries.
Hand Cut Beef Wellington Design
GO WITH EVERYTHING GREEN VEGAN SLAW
pumpkin and sage ricotta ravioli with brown butter white wine sauce and lardons, pecarino cheese
Detroit style pepperoni pizza.
Beef stew! In my instant pot.
Maggi noodles today
Quinoa tempeh burger (home-fermented), with a whisky-miso glaze on a homemade brioche bun
poke bowl.
Peanut butter cookies with mini chocolate and butterscotch chips
Look at this bell pepper! sorry for bad quality
Hoisen shrimp with ginger rice and green beans
Deep-fried chicken burger
christmas cookies
Butter Paneer with Basmati Rice
Fried Chicken with Croissants
spicy avocado toast
Homemade dough and sauce for calzones
Beef Birria
My red velvet madeleines
Jimmy the Greek Inspired Meal
Gochujang Chicken and Pineapple Mini Pizzas with Stubb's BBQ Sauce
ribeye cap pepper steak
Black Cherry King Cake - Happy Mardi Gras!
green Chile poblano chicken enchiladas
I call them unicorn turd cupcakes, I'm so proud!
Apple Cake
Purple Haze Sourdough Bread
This is a hot chocolate I made It’s good.
Smash. Burger.
स्वाद जाएँगे भूल जब इस तरह से बना कर खाएँगे सहजन के फूल की सब्जी | chef Ritu |
donuts
Ribeye
Spanakopita
Diwali food!
aguchiles ￼
Skillet Eggs With Squash
meatball subs
Brisket grilled cheese on Texas toast. Yes please.
Tiramisu
Loved the fact that my parents come over every day after work so we could make these Diwali goodies together this year! Only took 3 evenings. Happy Diwali to those celebrating!
Crispy Skin Salmon with Coconut Rice and “Crackle Sauce”
Sourdough croissants
crispy duck
chicken kebab
Though I’d share my  tomahawk!
My salted caramel cupcakes 🧁
Sage vanilla bean frozen custard, brown butter almond crumble
Crab I made at school (GCSE)
Potato pizza
SOUTH INDIAN COCONUT MILK PULAO
#Oysters
truffles of coccolato
My son made Pumpkin Pie Waffles
Bagel pepperoni pizza with thai peppers on top
Sirloin steak and roast potatoes
Flower tortillas, seared bonito, tomatillo salsa.
Self made birthday dinner platter. Porterhouse, fondant potatoes, garlic butter mushrooms and grilled jalapeño all on charcoal grill.
breakfast sandwich
Stir Fry
Spicy beef &amp; vegetable stir fry
Surf'n'Turf Teppanyaki
Chicken stock and a banana for scale
How to get over 2,000  vegan recipes
Codd Salad.
chicken with red pepper, onion and white wine reduction sauce.
Club Sandwich.
pumpkin cinnamon rolls with maple cream cheese glaze
Pork gyozas
"" KFC Fried Crispy Chicken | Weuwtk chef | Homemade
My Breakfast: Avacado Toast, Half an Avacado on Whole Grain Bread, Rubbed With a Clove of Garlic, Smear of Goat Butter, Black Pepper, a Few Flakes of Red Pepper for the Slightest Kick, and a Pinch of Sea Salt.
Oven toasted chicken with roast potatoes ,carrots, and onion
Sourdough toasted in bacon fat, extra sharp cheddar, bacon and egg sandwich.
Jumbo chicken wing... gameboy colour for scale.
chicken with stir fried vegetables
Thanksgiving Pumpkin Bread
Homemade Hibachi steak shrimp chicken
Sushi from a spot here in Milwaukee
Japanese food，delicate and delicious
Fifteens a Northern Irish staple.
This is my 🥇 ⏱ever making matcha tea 😊(Ik that this doesn’t really classify as a drink but)
Make your own luck in 2020 with Black Eyed Peas!
roasted asparagus
Date night at The Sipp in Oxford, MS.
Pork Tamales
Beef short rib with carrots, parsnips, pearl onions and homemade bread.
1.5kg finest Roastbeef sous vide for my guests on my cakeday
Pozole with double Hominy 🤤
Chicken shawarma pizza with Lebanese garlic sauce (Toum)
Swedish Hot Dog 2020
Banana Taco
Spicy and slow simmered black bean soup with light sour cream, pickled red onions, and fresh cilantro... (On IG: foodislove_nyc)
Chicken Lettuce wraps
pineapple pastry 😋
Finnish traditional food "karjalanpiirakka"
mango sticky rice with blood orange and dragon fruit
Dinner is served
Loaded Potato Soup
Soyakura Pesarapappu Curry Recipe | Dill Leaves Moong Dal Fry సోయకూర పెసరపప్పు కర్రీ
South Indian style Dindigul thalapakati biriyani
taco pizza
Buffalo chicken tenders with celery, carrots and ranch dip.
braised spicy beef ball and vegetables, served with warm sourdough or toasted
Spicy Buffalo Wings with Potato Starch
cheesy potato hash and eggs with white corn tortillas, bacon and avocado.
pumpkin soup
Kingfish Sashimi Salad with Pickled Daikon and Wasabi Mayonnaise
Oven baked s’mores! Pro tip: use a Reese’s cup as the chocolate for a sweet / salty taste!
Calamari Cold Sauce: olive oil, egg yolks, garlic, lime, sea salt, white pepper
Garlic Ghee Ribeye and Garlic Ghee Asparagus
Master Class Gordon Ramsay  made this after watching the show on masterclass.com, was skeptical paying for the membership, but honestly after eating this and blowing my own mind that I could create food so good at home, it was worth every penny! Highly recommend!
My homemade Chocolate Bread &amp; Butter pudding!
Pokemon chocolate zucchini cupcakes for a friend's birthday
chicken club and crispy smashed potatoes
Bangers and mash with onion gravy
potatoes lovers
I hope you all have a blini marvellous Christmas!
Pork and Black Bean Sauce with Stir-fried Baby Bok Choy and Carrots
pizza is my favorite!
Crispy Parmesan Crusted Chicken, Tomato Basil Salad and Lemony Asparagus
Korean Fried Chicken Sandwich w/ gojuchang mayo, pickled vegetables, and cabbage
meatballs with homemade tomato sauce.
Smoked Pork Shoulder Cubanos
very tasty recipe
Turkey bone out
Chicken meatballs withmushrooms and marsala creme sauce over eggnoodles
Tuna salad
Cheeky Gingerbreadman!
burrata cherry tomato salad
Pumpkin Cheesecake cupcakes with Carmel sauce
Cream Puff with Chantilly
Parmigiano crust lasagne
this Ciopinno with Italian squid ink Ciriola and whipped gremolata butter
Seared Tuna and Soba Noodles
Soft Scramble on Toast
made a sponge today, I’m pretty chuffed with how it turned out.
Xiao Long Bao, Initial Attempt
Pork meat with cauliflower, broccoli, green onion, red and yellow pepper, mushrooms, soy sauce, oyster sauce, fish sauce
Slow cooked Salsa Verde Chicken tacos
Brownie with Irish Cream Ice Cream
Puff pastry apple and blackberry turnovers.
Jalapeño Mac n Cheese
Cesar salad, fried pork, ranch sauce, lettuce, bacon and a beer
Quesabirria Tacos
English muffin, sausage, and egg (brunch) sandwiches
Chicken and Black beans with red and green bell peppers seasoned with cumin garlic pink salt and cracked pepper; served with brown rice
nutty caramel cappuccino ice cream
miso ramen
Deadpool sugar cookies
Bengali Dimer devil
Calories in 1.5 serving(s) of Ham Spread - Deviled Ham.
Tantanmen Ramen
steakhouse sirloin steak and chunky fries

Shrimp fried rice with teriyaki chicken
Nashville Hot Chicken Sandwich with cucumber salad
Almond flour tacos
Crispy Tofu and Veggie Stir Fry
Healthy dish Ash Gourd with Yogurt Curry. Wish you all a happy new year!
Beef tenderloin with balsamic tomatoes, cheesy potato rounds, and roasted Brussels sprouts
pumpkin spice cupcake
Tteokbokki Korean meal with sides
Huevos Reancheros
sweets.
Baled New York Style Cheesecake, homemade raspberry coulis &amp; White chocolate shavings.
(Homemade) AAA Top Sirloin with Garlic and Thyme
Fried Chicken Sandwich on a Homemade Brioche Bun
Unitarian Universalist Society Holds Monthly “Second Sunday” Food Drive - WABI
Blueberry pancakes and bacon
with curd, lemonade, onions, and mango pickle
Babkas
sweet potato chili
Pho bo tai (beefy pho)
Salami, cheddar, and egg sandwich with horseradish mustard on homemade sourdough rye bread
Fettuccine with San Marzano tomato sauce
Mutton Pilau
Cinnamon sugar doughnuts.
Yesterday’s Pizza
Rice Fritters!
I was about to order take out then the impulse to cook took over
Japchae &amp; Sweet Garlic Potatoes
Blueberry Peach Pie!
Noodles in a curry broth garnished with a sunny side up egg, fried chicken cutlet and spring onions
Chicken noodle soup with garlic bread
spinach fettuccini alfredo and pan roasted chicken
Hand peeling hot and sour bamboo shoot tips
Thanksgiving Pie and Green Beans Almondine - Happy Thanksgiving! (In the US)
Tacos!!!
some cake!
Made a big charcuterie for my sisters birthday!
Chopped Cheese from my go to spot. NYC deli classic. Btw, comes w/ a free soda~
Birria tacos
gingerbread cookies
Pizza fusion dish with spring onion and sesame seeds.
St Helena style Bacon Pea Soup
Cast Iron cooked Spicy chicken Drumsticks
Late Night "Jambalaya with Salsa Verde"
Lobster and Fondant Potatoes
Kolaches (Chorizo, egg, bacon, cheddar cheese) topped with Everything bagel seasoning.
Lemon blueberry cake with cream cheese frosting
a Giant Panda Pau filled with red bean paste
Tomato Soup Recipe
A hot noodle bowl on a snowy evening!
Pepperoni pan pizza
Anisette cookies
Cranberry and orange zest bread pudding
Beef Wellington - with no power
CABBAGE,CHICKEN AND RICE ROLLS
pesto star bread!
Kebab wrap with shredded red cabbage vinegar salad, fries and greek yogurt.
Salt Brined Smoked Turkey
White chocolate cranberry cake
I started eating breakfast, I think I went a litttle crazy!
Conecuh smoked sausage, cheesy scrambled eggs and toast
coffee rubbed sirloin, roasted broccoli, garlic smashed potatoes, topped with mushrooms and a dill sherry cream
Clotted Cream &amp; Scones
Spicy Chicken Pasta
Lamb (Ribs? Idk which cut)
Musubi
Scallop carpaccio, citrus fruits juice truffles, young vegetables and grilled nuts
peanut butter cookies
Finally finished the leftover smoked turkey with homemade bread and cranberry sauce. We also had avocado and arugula. I know it doesn’t look like much, but it’s one of the best sandwiches I’ve ever had.
Thai Ginger Chicken
Spaghetti in Tomato Sauce
glazed turkey
hand-cut linguini
POV First dog of austria, juli, running throug the imperial palace in vienna
sausage and cabbage skillet.
Quesadillas with chilli con carne
Red cabbage with salt-potatos and parsley
Mediterranean marinated Chicken with Diced Tomatos and Onions over Coconut Cream Rice Pilaf
apple roses and chocolate milk
Basic sausage tomato pasta
Chocolate-Raspberry Tart
Gordon Ramsay’s beef wellington.
Lemon Cheesecake with a freshly made zesty Lemon Curd. Cheesecake was made using an Instant Pot
Naan that kinda looks like my dog
handcut pasta with chanterelle mushrooms
Battered Blue Grenadier, crab stick, dim sims, fish cake and chips with chicken salt
Beef barley soup &amp; corn bread
Quesadillas
Breakfast of the usuals plus stuffed potato pancakes with sour cream, bacon bits, scallions, cheddar cheese along with some homemade toast and strawberry jam.
Old Bay Wings
SMOKED SPARE RIB!! 6 hours of smoking on pellets!
Milk Bread Burger Buns
Hоw thе Internet Chаngеd Pіzzа Hіѕtоrу Pizza hаѕ always bееn Amеrіса'ѕ fаvоrіtе food. It'ѕ been thе ѕubjесt оf mоvіеѕ, bооkѕ, and songs. This is nоt ѕuѕtеnаnсе, but for some hаѕ bесоmе аn obsessive delight. And fоr many Fans, this dish іѕ a ѕhееr аnd uttеr раѕѕіоn.
Smoked Birria Tacos
Dinner Rolls
my mom’s homemade Khao Soi
Shrimp scampi pasta
zuppa Toscana soup and garlic parmesan rolls.
Chourico and kale soup
Pecorino and Lemon Risotto with Shrimp and Asparagus in a Garlic Lemon Butter
Pork Tenderloin
Eggs Benedict for breakfast this morning👌 Happy Holidays everyone🎉
Cheddar cheeseburger and tater tots
Beetroot Pasta
Sausage and rice
chicken coconut red curry
freshly baked cinnamon rolls
https://ift.tt/2Y4SuID
Texas Style Smoked Brisket. Bbq Sauce. Cole Slaw. White Cheddar Mac'N'Cheese.
Shrimp fried rice!
Jalapeño cheese poppers 🌶
Spinach Gnocchi
Protein for fajitas
gnocchetti sardi (part 2) with homemade tomato sauce and pecorino cheese.
Nasi Lemak
One solution of over eating ... Green Tea
Beef filet mignon Rossini
Christmas Tree muffins
Brown Butter Sugar Cookies
Red Fish Stew
Cereal Recipe
meat salad
Celariac soup with black pudding crumb and fried scallops
Black Pepper Fennel Coppa
Margherita Pizza
pancakes, bread, black caviar and red caviar with Russian vodka.
Congress certifies Biden win after violent Capitol riots - CNN
Apple Pie with Herringbone Lattice
India vs England 3rd Test: India venture into unknown, England seek answers for 'pink ball turner' - Times of India
I bought this frozen brand of marinated crabs, can I eat it after defrosting (for both soy sauce and spicy sauce) or do I have to cook it after defrosting?
Thanksgiving Porchetta
Pan fried/pan seared Gyoza
EVERYTHING FOR YOUR KITCHEN 20%OFF ALL PRODUCTS
chocolate covered Oreos with fun sprinkles and toppers.
Greasy Pizza
KARE KARE. It is a dish with peanut butter and all sorts of veggies like eggplant, string beans, banana Blossoms or heart, etc with shrimp and fish paste (the red one). this could made seafood or red meat. I had beef.
Delicious yellow peach salad
Random Soup.
Papa Murphy's Stuffed Big Murphy Pizza
Venison pastrami
Take biscuits &amp; gravy platter - Zeke's - Morgantown, WV
Chinese leftovers
Viral video of Chennai couple getting married underwater is the best thing on internet today. Seen yet? - India TV News
Apple pie cheesecake
Yummy 😋
no flavor froot loop
24 Hour Dry Brine, Reverse Seared T-Bone Steak (Med. Rare)
An assortment of my jams and jellies on my buttermilk pancakes.
Chicken Parmigiana w/ Garlic Rye Bread
I ate  Cream Cheese pasta with bacon
oxtail stew with rice and peas!
Firefly gets stuck in this dogs hair which makes it look like he keeps having great ideas!
baked Alaska
fried chicken and spinach pizza
Braised pig cheek, smoked salmon tartare, salt beef hash and confit duck leg with hoisin at Freckled Angel
Gnocchi al sugo
Satay with peanut sauce
Maple glazed ham
Chicken Achari!
smoked bourbon glazed bacon. 7 days curing. 7 hours smoking.
Burrito Bowl Night
Crispy Spicy Fried Chicken
Baked potato with bolognese sauce, cheese and spring onions
Cornmeal Pancakes with Strawberry Compote
Filipino Sisig
How to make Traditional Italian Bolognese Sauce Like a
Cauliflower and broccoli quiche with Cervelate - Easy and simple recipe
soup
Chicken, steak, and shrimp fajitas.
Molcajete
Gooey Nutmeg-Cinnamon Rolls
Apple crisp recipe
Hasselbacked baking potato. Salty buttery goodness!
Flatbread with potatoes, Brussels sprouts, olives and creamed spinach.
Choux Pastry
My mom accidentally printed her divorce papers on stickers
Just found my new go to recipe for brownies!
Gỏi Cuốn (aka Vietnamese Spring Rolls) with Peanut Dipping Sauce and Soy Sauce
Filipino Pancit Canton
Mushroom risotto topped with scallops in a garlic butter sauce
Triple chocolate swiss roll
Turkey Tetrazzini
Peanut Butter
new York deli egg sandwich probably the best in the North East
Pho Spice Ice Cream
Pancake tower!! (🥑 + 🧀)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q6p1dJmlV8o&amp;t=14s ""
"Cabane à Sucre" Poutine - Cheese curds, Fries, Bacon, Ham, Sausages topped with an Egg in a Maple Syrup flavored sauce
breakfast
capuns
Pork tenderloin served with fried and oven baked vegetables and a creamy sauce made of pepper cream cheese and brandy, and red wine of course ☺️
Bacon egg cheese on homemade bun
sushiiii
100-hour fudgy brownies (cross section)
Meatballs and delicious sauce
American Wagyu NY Strip &amp; sesame baby broccoli
Oreo cookies. (regular and mint)
Prepare &amp; Cook Collard Greens #Lynnskitchen #Praycookrepeat #Realmengetitdone #todayshow
Fish &amp; Chips!!
chocolate cookies topped with coconut
English Muffins (US)
Sticky rice.
Caramel Cake with Vanilla Buttercream
- ku lo yuk
these chicken and pork gyros
Grilled chicken..Yum!!
Whole roasted chicken
apple spice cake filled with browned butter cinnamon buttercream and candied walnuts and buttercream decoration.
Buttered, oven-baked kaiser roll w/turkey breast, apple wood bacon, roasted red peppers, swiss, hots, sprouts and sandwich dressing, * w/ green Apple + Brie, honey and crackers*
Vanilla cupcakes with chocolate buttercream frosting.
Roasted veggies with Greek seasonings
Steak and Snow Crab
Italian Hero/Sub
Ribeye Donburi
Pan Fried Scallops on a bed of Parsley Purée and steamed Samphire
my perfect “” circular spanish omelette
French Toast at Milk &amp; Madu, Bali
baguette sandwiches and cinnamon sugar baked apple dessert
oatmeal chocolate chip cookies
Buffalo chicken strips 🔥
fried Buffalo chicken wings and fries
Kürbiskernbrot (einfach &amp; schnell backen)
Fresh out of the water !
Toast with some creativity from my mother.
gifted charcuterie boards to my fam jam so we could celebrate separately, together :)
Bacon cookies
BTS themed sugar cookies
tomato soup
- pork belly burnt ends
here’s to breaking bread in 2021
Hummus with Salad and Nachos
Chocolate Cake ""
Brined, Smoked Pork Belly with Chipotle Barbecue Sauce on a Hawaiian Roll
有如真花的杯子蛋糕 Real Flowers on Cupcakes Taiwan Taipei
prosciutto, goat cheese, and caramelized onion pizza
Bao buns with braised pork belly and honey maple glazed
Risotto al Parmigiano Reggiano
Trout with caviar breakfast
HÌNH với Món BÒ BÍT TẾT CÔN TRÙNG - Thánh Nấu Ăn ASMR Stop Motion C...
potato totterlline soup, with spinach and Keto friendly breadsticks.
Red sauce pasta
blueberry Muffins
Cannoli in Cinisi, Sicily.
hooty
Carne Asada
Lobster Mac &amp; Cheese
Bucatini &amp; mushroom pasta
chicken and veggie soup
Mushroom pasta with lemon, garlic, parmesan, and red pepper flakes.
Watch: Elon Musk`s SpaceX launches first Falcon 9 rocket of 2021 - WION
Babka Bread Pudding and Eggnog Bourbon Sauce
Double Bacon Cheeseburger
garlic cheese bombs
Azula apple pie
breakfast desert 😋
Lasgna with full of meat 🍖
BBQ is meant for sharing
lunch
Cooked a lamb stew adapted from a 4000 year old Babylonian recipe
Fried Pepperoni Pizza
Cheesy Puff Pastry Sausage Rolls
Chicken pizza 😋
root veggies and chicken soup
simple nachos
lamb for dinner.😋
Bulgolgi Glazed Pork Chops over Veggie Stir Fry with Candied Peanuts.
Glass Noodles in China
MAPLE GLAZED SALMON* ancient grains, cucumber, grape tomato, pesto, red pepper sauce.
Raspberry Cremeux
lemon cream cheese puffs
Maple Caramel Cheesecake.
Chia seed bowl with fresh fruit, nuts, coconut milk, coconut, and granola.
Egg noodles
Prime Rib with Garlic Yukon Gold Potatoes and Broccoli Rabe
Mushroom &amp; Chorizo tortellini in a rich tomato sauce. Took forever... but worth it
Saffron risotto with chorizo
Tonkotsu Ramen x}
Just typical diet , carb fat protein eating for nutrition not taste but doesn’t taste bad
Turkey Subs.
Snapper anyone?
How to Make Sweet Corn Soup | Recipe in Malayalam ""
Filet, that’s it
Xmas alone for the first time in decades; decided to make a hot pot with whatever was lying around.
Bread!
Meatless meatloaf with mushroom gravy, Kenji’s roasted potatoes and roasted Brussels sprouts.
cajun Chicken creamy Fettuccine with Bacon
MOONDROP GRAPES!
Italian Cheese Log and Gourmet Crackers
yam and mushroom tempura, tentsuyu sauce and ginger beef with green beans on rice.
Sunday Dinner
Chicago Stuffed Pizza. Vegan Thanksgiving
Charcuterie and mimosas yesterday!
Loaded Mashed Potato Meatloaf Casserole
BBQ grilled rotisserie chicken.
I  and ate Apple and Hickory smoked Pork Ribs!
Portuguese Poutine
Hoisin Sriracha Wings!
brown butter choco chip cookies!!
Roast Beast 👌🏻
made focaccia in school
Mousse au Chocolat
Maniac Fries
Open Faced Lox on Asiago Bagel
Backyard BBQ chicken, Red beans and Cajun rice along with a warm biscuit!
fried plantain
Blue Label Burger Blend on a Fresh-Baked Bun
wagyu, bone-in NYs
Homemade Pork Nachos
raw cloudy Apple Juice
Individual trifles. From bottom to top: honey-cherry creme patisserie, coffee soaked chocolate cake, white-chocolate cremeux, dark chocolate crumble, chocolate covered puffed rice, and shaved white chocolate.
Greek inspired wings with lemon and feta
salty pretzel
Outside skirt steak.
vegetarian burger in the front meat burger in the back.
Egg Yolk Omelette and Bacon
'The Double Shack Burger' from Shake Shack
A well balanced meal. Chicken, garlic roasted potatoes, and roasted veggies.
Sichuan Style Upside-down Steamed Pork Belly
Chicken Taco Bowls
Ling Cod and caramelized eggplant with capers.
pulled pork in egg white omelette with avocado and Brie cheese for breakfast
I learnt how to make honeycomb salted caramel doughnuts at bread ahead in Borough market
Albino Strawberries
latkes with crème fraîche, chives and caviar
Snack Cravings and Munchies, from bagged candies to  baked goods
Duck Egg Korma  by Bachelor’s Cookbook
Hi all, I am posting this to help my sis .She is unaware, She is a chef that recently started using social media to post her recipes. She is also a cancer survivor for those who are interested although she does not mention it. If you enjoy recipes please supports het on Instagram
Duck Wonton Egg Noodle Soup!
Dark Chocolate Brownie with chocolate ganache
Mango &amp; Passionfruit Petit Gateau
Fried calamari pizza
broccoli
Pizza Rolls
coffee bun from Papparoti
Wo Tip/ Gyoza/ Pot Stickers
Japanese Pancakes
garlic knots/Christmas tree/upvote
Tikka Masala
jalapeño battered fish and potato oven chips
Chicken fried steak with a side of roast Mellocos
Bourbon Pumpkin Butter
gnocchi, mushrooms, parm broth
pimento juicy Lucy Talking Cedar brewing
Thai Coconut Curry Ramen
spaghetti carbonara
Nhựa Pet Là Gì? Cách Sử Dụng Nhựa Pet An Toàn Sức Khỏe
Poutine
assorted cupcakes
Spinach with eggs and gnocchi
ribeye with garlic mash and veggies
chilli monkfish and tahini with miso onions
Ribs, jalapeño slaw and cheddar corn casserole.
Lobster rolls
Bulgarian feast
Fresh Garden Great White Heirloom Tomato Caprese Salad
at Food Review Show best in NYC Eating At Ten Seconds Yunnan Rice
pancakes and bacon with lots of maple syrup and nuts and seeds... I miss breakfast dates
Marinated Roasted Chicken with Hasselback Potatoes
Baklava with Pistachios, Walnuts, and Pecans
Potato soup
lobster and shrimps
Marinated Skirt Steak
motzzella dough balls with garlic butter drench.
Potatoes Dauphinoise with Gruyère
Key Lime Pie.~
- East Coast garlic fingers and donair sauce. Accompanied with a prosciutto &amp; arugula cast-iron pie with homemade marinara
circle fries
strawberry pie with all-butter crust
Tonkotsu shoyu ramen
Cheesy Bacon Ranch Chicken
Breakfast Skillet with Balsamic Reduction
Wild duck and goose pastrami
(Homemade) Charcoal grilled tri-tip
Grilled Surf &amp; Turf
Poison Apple Cake (red velvet cake, berry compote, vanilla buttercream)
Stewed beef with garlic mashed potatoes and honey glazed carrot
Thin cut roasted king mushrooms that taste like bacon.
Confit Duck with red onion and balsamic gravy
Vegan chocolate chip cookies
breakfast me and my female sibling made
Beef Wellington for Xmas dinner
Fried chicken with fresh pasta and Cabernet sauce
Passionfruit Bonbons and the Finished Valentine’s Boxes
Chocoholic's Hot Chocolate
Creamy White Sauce Chicken Pasta
organized and labeled sushi
Bacon and toasted sourdough topped with bacon gravy
Mujadara
USDA Prime Porterhouse Steak.
cheesy eggs with truffle hot sauce
Smoked St. Louis cut ribs. Garlic mashed potatoes.
Grilled cheese sandwich and creamy Tomato soup
Christmas cake with Christmas spices
a passion fruit macaron
Creamy New England clam chowder with linguica &amp; local clams
Eggs, turkey bacon, gator sausage, cinnamon rolls.
Steak seasoned with sea salt, fresh cracked pepper, some Cajun dust, and garlic butter.
Enchirito
Food fighter: Detroit restaurant co-owner Stephanie Byrd had 'hellish' 3 weeks - Detroit Free Press
https://ift.tt/2YrDo05
Cornflake crusted bananas foster French toast.
Swedish potato pancakes (raggmunkar) With bacon and lingonberry jam
Sauteed Bitter Melon
- Pepperoni Pizza with Peppers
Caramelized Onion, Beet and Feta Tart
Paneer Curry
Chioggia Beet and Jerusalem Artichoke
Ricotta Cheese Cookies
Sticky Pork Belly Udon with Shiitake Broth
bbq season opening.
cranberry curd and blackberry babka
Handmade pasta with Tomato and Chorizo sausage
Apple wood and hickory smoked pork belly candy
Marshmallow s’mores
Taco Pie
Mini Brownies stuffed with Dulce de Leche
Smoked Goose with Red Wine Reduction Sauce
Fresh Pasta!
Sushi Plate
Crepes de Manzana
Japanese fluffy pancakes with vanilla whipped cream
Juicy Air Fryer Baby Back Ribs
Smoked Salmon Everything Bagel
CRISPY Baked Chicken Wings with Buffalo Sauce
Breakfast Pancake
Potato-based focaccia bread. Garden tomatoes as topping
Pizza toast
Sunday turkey breast, champagne stuffing, green beans w almonds and of course more champage
Korean BBQ Beef Noodles
Garlic chilli oil.
pizza
Mushroom, Sausage, Onion, and Pepperoni Pizza
Puddingbrezeln mit (with) Bourbon Tortenguss (bourbon glaze)
tuna pasta salad in chili garlic olive oil dressing
Tortilla soup
Biscuits and Gravy with Fried Eggs
First time Apple Pie
Ham, tomato and mozzarella frittata
Strawberry Shortcake Macaron
steak with roasted veggies and cheesy potato leek soup.
Cornish game hen, mashed potatoes, beans and herb and garlic dinner rolls.
Birthday Cake for my GF
Reverse seared wagyu (homemade) Cinnamon &amp; Chocolate Babkas
Pesto Pasta with Homemade Egg Noodles and Rotisserie Chicken paired with White Wine
STUFFED PORK LOIN
Samgyupsal
Yuba adobo tacos
A 9 course from a local restaurant, pickup. The bread with dips was also amazing
Stuffed jalapeño and cheese chicken, broccoli, mashed potatoes
Chocolate Peanut Butter Balls
Local Market In Cambodia (English Subtitles)
Loco Moco: Rice, hamburger patty (2), gravy, and a friend egg (3)
roast chicken with woven bacon
Fresh pappardelle with hand picked porcini mushrooms, winter truffles and burnt buffalo butter sauce.
Seared Salmon
Chocolate cake with fudge frosting
haggis, neeps &amp; tatties pastie with shortbread cranachan
Thai Dry red Curry Stir Fry With Tofu and Long Beans
Hey guys! Im trynna promote malaysian food in my youtube channel, it would mean alot to me if u guys visit my channel! Thanks!
Duck Breast with Pears and Chanterelle Mushrooms
Man in viral video with Alexandria officer fails to show for arraignment - The Town Talk
Bacon cheese burger with Rucola.
light chicken ball soup
Smoked Tri-Tip
Côte à l'os with bimi and baked potatoes
Crablegs in whole shebang sauce
Garlic Potatoes
Chocolate Chip, snickerdoodle, cookies and cream, M&amp;M
Matcha/Hojicha Mochi Cake Pops
My buddy hates cake, so I made him a 30lbs Western burger as his grooms cake.
Burger
Chicken Macaroni Recipe
Bagel attempt number one.
Liang pi with kao fu, toasted sesame sauce, and chili oil
Topfen-Apple Strudel
Haggis shepherds pie
Duck Fat Roast Potatoes
cheeseburger with fries.
Monterey Bay Cioppino
Snacking Table
Wagyu Ribeye for tonight’s dinner.
Built my own DIY Tandoor and made some Paneer Tikka and Achaari Aloo!
Black bean sesame noodles with sesame grilled beef
Maple pecan cake with blueberry cream cheese frosting &amp; handmade wafer paper maple leaves
Sausage, White Onion, and Sausage Pizza
Apple and Pecan Wood Smoked Lamb Leg
Tofu Teriyaki
high altitude sourdough
Plain and Ispahan Croissants.
Pac-Man cauliflower fritters
Grilled Steak Nachos
rev sear rib roast follow up: internal edition.
eggs, tomatoes, smoked salmon, tomato soup, champagne.
Cheese and paté for 2 with chutney, pickles, and Port
hot shit that came pouring outa me arse.
bacon and cheddar on an Asiago bagel
Wagyu scotch fillet, medium, with rosemary parmesan chips.
Lemon Chicken
The best nutrient for hair follicles
Ribeye and mash with some  Demi-glacé pan sauce. Happy Day for me.
caramel apple cheesecake
I love eating this food.
Equador cake!
Cod wrapped in dry-cured serrano ham, carrots, broccolini and lemon/buttersauce
how to make yummy eggless spiced baked yogurt?
Waffle House Omelet
chili melt
Mi 10i Could Be Xiaomis Answer To OnePlus Nord: Likely To Be Priced Under Rs. 25,000 - Gizbot
Candy Cane cookies
Made my mom’s Bavarian Apple Torte for our Christmas for two. 10/10 would recommend 😍
Cheese and Bacon Sourdough.
Lacquement cake
Newsom: California recall appears to have enough signatures - POLITICO
Asian style noodles with coconut shrimps
breakfast nachos
English muffins
white bread with poolish
Pie Crust Cross Section
making and canning jam. Fig jam.
Cakepops.. made for someone having twins.
McDonald’s Nasi Lemak with Spicy Fried Chicken.
Japanese Curry Hamburg
Sikh Kabab
Roasted Chicken Breast for one on Xmas.
Macaron with Chocolate Filling and Gold Leaf Topping
Steak Sandwich w/ guangchang sauce on focaccia.
Beet and Goat Cheese Cappellacci with a sauce I invented
KPot with my Bestie
牛肉餡餅 - Beef xian bing
My sandwich looks like mantis head
Chicken Katsu with Garlic Chili Slaw and Tonkatsu Sauce
Maine caught swordfish with sauteed kale and corn
Four Ingredients Chocolate Sponge Cake
Cinnamon rolls with caramel cinnamon drizzle
Salmon poke bowl
Toasted English muffin w/ soft scrambled egg and pesto
,Kluna Tik Style - Eating PACKAGED HAND | ASMR Comiedo / Eating Mukbang S...
Top 9 Awesome Digital Piano Under $200|November 2020
Black truffle pasta with cream sauce, shallots, baby bella mushrooms, &amp; basil
Meatball Stroganoff
vegetarian samosas
McMuffin
Chiles en Nogada!
mini dinner buns with brie cheese
Cilantro-Lime Shrimp Risotto
Khorest-e Fesenjoon
cheddar &amp; unexpected cheddar avocado melt on sourdough.
Honey Cake with Lemon Glaze
Sun-dried Tomatoes and Roasted Garlic Baked Brie
Just a beautiful slice of pie (Victoriavlaai)
Spam fried rice
dessert board
Strawberry-Rhubarb Pie
Pepper Jelly
Korean wings
Cedar plank roasted salmon, rosemary roast potatoes, green beans, white wine sauce
dark chocolate banana bread
crunchy fried potatoes
Shrimp &amp; Chicken Alfredo w/ Garlic Beef Pot Roast
Hasselback chicken in tomato sauce
Custard Cream Puffs!
bacon, double egg, cheese, hash browns on a roll
Pozole Verde con Pollo
Risotto with Pumpkin, Mussels and Stracciatella
Portuguese Cod cakes (Pataniscas de bacalhau)
Chinese rice cake stir fry
Made BA’s French onion beef noodle soup
porchetta sandwich with truffle sauce, parmesan, spicy mustard and hot sauce
prime eye of round roast, sous vide then seared, agrodolce cauliflower, broiled asparagus.
Snack Food Global Market Report 2021: COVID 19 Impact and Recovery to 2030 - Yahoo Finance
Chicken Burrito
Malted milk cake topped with brigadeiro
Jerk chicken from St. Bess Jerk (local restaurant)
Paneer and Gobi 65 wrap. Mushroom rice, korma curry sauce with cucumber and mint raita.
Dinner  NY strip, broccoli, and taters
Brisket, sous vide
Fried sourdough starter with cinnamon and sugar
fettuccine with bolognese sauced and freshly grated Parmesan Reggiano
Gingerbread pumpkin fox
Chicken Madras, Special Fred Rice, Naan bread and Onion Bhajis
My hubby's bday cake. I haven't had time to bake at home for ages and I'm pretty happy I've still (somewhat) got it!
Pequads copycat pizza
Apple and Cherry wood smoked baby back ribs on the Kamado Joe.
beef stroganoff
Nothings better than some good old “” grilled cheese
KitKat Japan's various flavors
mac n cheese with panko&amp;sage crumb
pineapple fried rice and chicken
Espresso crusted NY
"AstraZeneca Safe, Made In India, US, UK, Used World Over": Boris Johnson - NDTV
roast beef, homemade mozzarella, gravy and hot peppers on an Italian roll.
Thai Chicken Curry and Fresh Spring Rolls
Banana pudding
Mom's Biscotti
Butter Cookies Recipe
Blueberry Vanilla pancakes with whipped cream and maple syrup
NY Style Bagels
Chicken and Pepperoni Pasta
smoked whole turkey breast with honey bbq glaze
cilantro rice bowls with tofu in birria sauce!!
Oatmeal Creme Pies
Christmas Yule Log Cake
Chilaquiles with blue corn tortilla chips, spicy red salsa, bacon and creamy garlic hatch chili sauce on top
Erbseneintopf wie von Oma
Sourdough Country Loaf
Raschiatelli w/ Capocollo and Horseradish
Tri-tip steak
Triple chocolate biscotti
pulled pork burger
Italian buttercream and lemon curd cake
Viral video falsely claims US President Biden signed blank executive orders - AFP Factcheck
roasted pumpkin seeds
Aloo paratha recipe | How to make paratha | Punjabi style aloo stuffed paratha...Aloo paratha is a traditional Punjabi recipe. In North India, every family knows this recipe. With different spices, the taste changes from home to home. Here I shared simple yet delicious paratha.
Dutch baby pancake. Easier than regular pancakes imo!
Pinniyan Recipe - Alsi De Pinni || Flax Seeds Ladoo || Punjabi Pinniyan/لڈو Recipe By EastWestDhaaba
Crab Rangoons w/ Sweet Chili Soy
Dutch Baby in cast iron
Salted Caramel Croquembouche with Chocolate Mousseline Cream
Croque-Madame
Wellington, asparagus, crispy potatoes, lobster tail and claws.
Vanilla coconut cake with chocolate cottage cheese frosting
Instanf Pot Roast Beef
Butter Paneer (Paneer Makhani)
Qmex is the Best TexMex "" in Beijing, China period.
this tasted sooooo good
My Best Attempt at Pizza
Chirashi bowls with chutoro, negitoro, salmon, and pickled cucumbers, unagi, and uni
Cocoa Crinkle Cookies
Coconut and chocolate tart
Not food but I’m stoked about my new magnetic knife strip:) I don’t have any super nice knives but I still love it.
Sweet Potato Curry Soup with Sockeye Salmon and a Fresh Parsley Cabbage Salad.
{I ate} Pumpkin Pie.
Worcestershire Marinated Ribeye Topped With Chimichurri and Butterball Potatoes With Crisp Topping
plum tart
Soup for the soul. Potato corn chowder
Cream of Bacon and Potato soup
A quick Cacio e pepe for lunch
Danish Pastries
American breakfast
Hot Chocolate
pulled BBQ chicken and herb rice
Toasted Cheddar Bacon Egg Sammy
Kenyan Beef Mishkaki
Char Siu (Chinese BBQ Roast Pork)
chicken sandwich
Spatchcocked turkey
cheeseburgers
: Spaghetti ice cream - base layer of cream, covered with vanilla ice cream that’s forced through an extractor. Topped with raspberry sauce and bits of white chocolate.
Korean sweet crunchy fried beef
Hot Wings
Fried Rice Tacos
Scrambled Eggs with Bacon &amp; Pepper Jack Cheese on an Everything Bagel
T-Bone Steak
Croissant bun filled with custard
Salmon-wild garlic tartar, egg-fried quinoa, yogurt-lemon sauce
Thai Beef Drunken Noodles With Spring Rolls
English Muffin With Poached Egg, Canadian Bacon, Japanese Mayo, and American Cheese
chips
chicken stuffed with sausage, herbs, and pistachios
Philly Cheesesteaks - 1 w/wiz (his), 1 w/provolone (hers) ❤️
Marzipan Dessert Decor
pizza bombs
Pizza Sub
Bibimbap with marinated tofu and homemade kimchi
Spaghetti with cucumber and tomato Salad
Tacos al vapor (steamed tacos)
"Thanksgiving Monsieur"
Black tea flavoured Japanese cheesecake
challah bread
Squash and Vidalia onion
I ate delicious homemade protein bars
Fresh Tagliatelle with Bolognese
Steamed prawns with garlic over glass noodles
Kimchis
pancake!!
Churro waffles
White Boy Hot Pot, done at home!!!
blueberry custard tart
crumb of the palette made in pressure with cassava, rice and zucchini
A lot of sushi
Cozyfarmhouse
Spicy Garlic Ramen
New York Strips and veggies
Popovers &amp; Ribeye
Aloo Pakora
Simple Fried Chicken with peanut sauce
Shake Shack burger &amp; ShackMeister burger :)
country style ribs, smoked and braised
Mcdonald
Sun-dried tomato risotto, with burrata and cherry tomatoes
Shrimp fajita Tacos
My only thanksgiving turkey I’ve ever made. Family couldn’t get together due to Covid but I was still able to drop everyone off a plate at their house to help maintain the spirit of family on thanksgiving.
tiger shrimp tempura
Veal Parmigiana
Call it a Baeglit 🤘
Christmas Eve dinner BlackBerry Hosin Chicken, butternut squash, and broccoli Strawberry feta salad with Vidalia onion dressing The charcuterie board consisted of salami, prosciutto, goat cheese, pepper jack, cold hollow cider blackberry jam and maple horseradish stone ground mustard
I ate a delicious ramen
Only the 3rd and I’ve failed no nut November. Totally worth it though for this bacon and pine nut macaroni cheese.
Steak and Potatoes.
Arancini Balls stuffed with pesto
Cheese and sautéed onion sandwich!
Charcuterie on a big pizza peel
Chicken kabob platter
Pork Habichuelas
Milanese sandwich - Argentina
roast beef hash and soft boiled eggs
Il rafano nero per iniziare l'anno con leggerezza. Forse ci sono state ugualmente, grandi abbuffate familiari in conclusione di un 2020 a dir poco difficile, per consolarsi o per abitudine.
Beef Ramen
Tofu Pizza Pie and side salad
Cholula Hot Wings and Spicy Chicken Burger
Kluna Tik - Eating Ancient Egyptian MUMMIES in a Thousand-year-old Cemet...
My mom made this in 10 min, super healthy "dhokla".
NOTHING BEATS WINGS
chili!
jambalaya with chicken and andouille.
Barbie Cake
Salmon po'boy
ragu bolognese, pecorino Romano, basil.
orange ice cream cups
Fried Chicken Sandwich and Garlic Fries
babka:)
Pork and Beans
Catfish and Grits for a catering gig
Tried Drizzle for the first time, shared with nobody.
Ricotta Cannoli
A chile negro spin on menudo
crumbled shortbread, pandan custard, coconut cream meringue and raspberries
My 9 year-old said we should make  “swirly” cookies (almond)! She did well!
I made german u-boat food
Eggplant zucchini mushroom green pepper tomatoes
Chicken pot pie casserole
Ethiopian Food
Breakfast tacos
Korean fried chicken wings
Process of making dumblings
Skillet Hummingbird Cake
Ugnspannkaka.
Cheeseburger and chips
Garlic butter, jalapeño and Old Bay sautéed shrimp
apple pie
Posole Rojo
Cannoli (Filipino ube cannoli on the right)
Kaju Katli/Cashew Barfi
Pepperoni, sausage and banana pepper pizza.
Gnocchi with sausage and Gorgonzola (blue cheese)
Honey/amaretto peaches, honey crumble, pistachio powder, grated nutmeg, and ice cream
Bacon Hasselback Potatoes
Bacon breakfast pizza
Braised beef and fish balls in soup noodles
Pita bread with vegetables inside
Pani Puri
https://ift.tt/35TYmZs
Sunday Roast
Sarsaparilla-braised pork, potato-cabbage hash, sunnyside egg and my friend had Destiny Ranch beef, ciabatta bun, cheddar cheese, Social pickles, bacon, heirloom tomatoes, lettuce, garlic aioli.
Currywurst!
I made this cake for my bro’s engagement at home. Buttercream frosting is used and it’s all cake and fresh flowers.
Pasta sauce served over Spaghetti Pasta. With my Basic White Bread leftover from the night before serving as a Garlicky Bruschetta.
Pork shoulder roast, braised cabbage and miso black eyed peas with hell chives
Oat pancakes perfect loop
General Tao Chicken
buttered donut
Tonkotsu ramen topped with cured egg and pork chashu.
Fried cod sandwich with creamy slaw
Tarte aux poires
Thanksgiving Charcuterie Board
Salami, Prosciutto and Sopressatta Sandwich on Homemade Focaccia
Almond Milk Biscuits
mini raspberry pie
lemon escalope
Curried Chicken on Rice
KBC 12: Big B Would Like to Know More About Viral Videos Like 'Baby Shark Dance', Says 'Will Research' - News18
poppy seed roll!
Fried organic brown rice vermicelli with vegetables, minced pork and eggs, crispy Japanese shirashu, fried fish with salt n turmeric
Italian sandwich rolls for the week!
Japanese Curry with Chicken Katsu. I know it's hard to see, but the katsu is below the veggie curry 😊
Breakfast for Dinner
Love Cookies
Shrimp Lo Mein
double big mac with garlic pepper roasted sauce sautéed onions Swiss cheese and maple bacon
Traditional Pizza
Smoked wagyu picanha
Egg and ham sandwich with lettuce, ketchup and sriracha
Started With Grass-fed Brisket And Ended With Pastrami Ruebens
Fried Shrimp and Fries (feat. Cocktail and Tartar)
Oreo Mint Cheesecake I made for my channel - Really proud of this one!
Halal Guys combo platter
Buffalo Wings - Hot Buttery Goodness
s’mores mini pies
I made and ate the last of my garden veggies :(
Japanese Honey Brick Toast
A simple crispy skin salmon with a balsamic salad
Stir fry bittermelon&amp;beef ft. Mango
Brown sugar and pepper crusted salmon grilled on cedar plank

Spicy Tonkatsu Ramen
Mutton and pork kielbasa
6lbs grilled marinated sirloin
Russian Honey Cake
Bacon stack
chocolate chip and pecan cookies
Old World Pepperoni Pizza
Congee with toppings
Rhubarb pie
Mushroom and Egg Yolk Raviolo With Brown Butter Sauce and Truffle
Brioche Doughnuts
Was gifted Colatura yesterday. Had to make pasta with it today!
Pastel de garbanzos y atún
MEAT
a sloppy Joe's burger with a charcoal bun
Sourdough pizza with fire roasted marianara sauce, onions, peppers, and sausage.
Paella!
Chilaquiles
Loaded potato soup with bacon and jalapeños
Chicken Parm
lamb shank confit low temperature cooking (8 hours)
ginger and chili ramen with tofu
Breakthrough research that reverse type 2 diabetes
poached eggs on bagel.
Coconut Cream Pie
Caramel Pecan Cheesecake
: COFFEE DRIP BAGS AND SWEET POTATO BROWNIES
Musubi, family favorite.
Construction Cake #2
sweet potato hash browns and eggs
Laksa noodle
chicken, chorizo and toasted almond peppers filled with lime and parsley cous cous
Mr. Pringles stew😋
Apple Cider Whoopie Pies
Sourdough French Toast with Macerated Berries, Tennessee Honey Whiskey Whipped Cream, and Sausage Patties.
My cottage cheese pancakes (Cheesecakes). Tasty and appetizing
chimichurri lamb chops with boiled new potatoes and salad.
Cheese fondue with baguette, roasted baby potatoes, and apples
Steak and Rose Potatoes with spicy guacamole
Hungarian Goulash with Beef Shank
Mexican inspired flatbread panini
Cheese fries with bacon and jalapeño
Grilled blood orange and ginger chicken
Steak and red wine. Can't beat it
Garlic knots
Bone marrow tacos
Gnocchi di Patate with Pecorino Cream Sauce
Yo guys what do you think of my meal? I really hope you guys like it
Chocolate Blondies with Chocolate Chunks
Spicy Japanese curry
burros percherones
Creamy chestnut cake. Need to exercise later.😂
This  banana split tho. ✨
Crab Curry
Gorditas and Jarritos
bbq pulled pork sliders
Peanut Butter and Chocolate Pie
Drive-thru ordering surged during the pandemic. Fast-food chains don't think it's a fad - CNBC
Potato Quiche
pasta carbonara with peas
“shepherds pie” Crepe (Thin-sliced beef tongue w Worcestershire sauce, peas, &amp; onion in a sage &amp; potato crepe)
A charcuterie board with my own house made jams and pickled peps.
Creamed Onions
Sous vide pork chop with roasted broccolini.
Chicken biriyani mandi
“” Japchae. It’s all gone. Pro/chef
Roasties
DELICIOUS LEMON PANCAKES 🍋🥞
foil gras sushi roll
This is how Syracuse University can limit food waste - The Daily Orange
How to Make Amazing  Pink Hot Chocolate Bombs!
German curry sausage
Sweet potato and crispy pork belly fried rice
Scallion Focaccia, Joshua Weissmann's recipe
happy family stir fry
Dinner of champions.
Creamy chicken and mushroom pie
Brined and Spatchcocked Turkey
Bleu Cheeseburger and Onion Rings
Mahi mahi with sage gremolata, polenta, and asparagus
Simple Cheeseburger with Bacon (on left) with fries
Kidney Bean Brownie
Avocado Creme Pasta
Gingerbread Cake.
Braised Pork Ribs with Tofu
Cast iron skillet pizza
Stir fried udon noodles topped with seared pork belly
Double cheeses burger
Nashville hot chicken sandwich
Air Fried Beignets
Filipino-Style Beef Brisket Noodles, also known as Beef Mami!
Rice Balls in Coconut Milk | Thai Dessert Bua Roy | บัวลอยไข่หวาน | สรงป...
Sweet Potato and Spinach gnocchi in Arrabiata sauce
Grilled Oysters
Pumpkin Spice Muffins
I made this Asian fusion dinner: Basil, mushroom, sweet and hot pepper basil chicken; Jasmin saffron rice; shishito peppers with onion flakes; Thai iced tea; and raspberry mint margarita.
stuffing with carrots, celery, olives, raisins, green apples,bread croutons and cashews.
Cupcakes/Chocolate
shrimp aguachile
Young Angus Sirloin Steak, Rosemary Roasted Potatoes, Grilled Vegetables (Carrots &amp; Zucchini), and Black Pepper Mushroom Sauce
A delicious rum baba
Bacon wrapped beef tenderloin
Earth is closer to the sun today: it is Perihelion Day - haveeruonline
steak some shrimp with green beans and broccoli
No added sugar vanilla pannacotta with cinnamon crumble and apple compote
SushiLove
Chicken Fried Chicken with Country Gravy
Turns Out... Raw Garlic Turns Blue When Pickled!
pork gyoza
Spicy tuna roll and nigiri
-Cookie-decoration
450g Rib eye steak
Brazilian dinner: Xim-Xim (using shrimp and chicken for the meat), Grilled Hearts of Palm and Crab Salad with Mango, Couve à Mineira (Garlicky Collard Greens), Virgin version of caipirinha
Fudgy brownies with pecans
Barramundi &amp; Roasted Cauliflower Bengali Curry
heavenly ice cream.
Haloween Charcuterie Board
Smoked Tri Tip.
Steak, Rice, Brocolli, and Japanese Curried Vegetables
😍THE MOST SATISFYING FOOD VIDEO // iFOOD
Breakfast Tostadas
A really creamy , easy and fast dessert idea recipe
strawberry margarita pie
lemon sponge cake
Chicken Wellington
Crustless Quiche. Smoked ham, smoked gruyere, and green onion.
pineapple dream dessert
Chinese Hot Pot, Cheers to GoodVibe, GreatFood and GreatFriends
Mitarashi dango 🍡
Marshmallows.
Fried Pork mix Rice yummy taste
https://ift.tt/36n93Ej
Vegan Full English Breakfast
Bun Bo Hue (Vietnamese Spicy Beef Noodle Soup)
fried black cod and mushy peas
Double BBQ Swiss Burger with Tomato Bacon Jam and Kewpie
Cheezy, spicy, baked ziti.
Smashed Potatoes (Crispy Smashed Potatoes Recipe)
Yang chow fried rice and Pulled pork Gai lan
Pulled BBQ Venison Shoulder
Shrimp Burgers!!
this enteprenurial baker shares her experience
Bacon, Egg &amp; Cheese Croissant
gingerbread house and sugar cookies
Cheesy Meatballs
Kentucky Hot Browns with Mint Julips
Spatchcock Roasted Chicken for family by me on my 25th birthday party.
Chicken Pie
risotto with shrimp and asparagus.
dairy and gluten free mac and cheese bake
Turmeric rice bowl
Marshmallow Rant!
Cheggs
Vegetarian Lasaña
Halloween Fudgy Brownies
Chioggia Beet and Jerusalem Artichoke , Pork Chops
Korean carbonara ramen and costco beef meatballs at home
British Indian restaurant style garlic chili chicken
Surströmming
Dutch Apple Pie at Winkel 43.
Zapp's Cajun Crawtaters chips
Lebanese chilli chicken kebab, naan and salad.
Chocolate, raspberry and lemon marble cake
BBQ Bacon Beans on Cheese and Red Onion Bloomer with Fried Eggs
garlic butter prime rib, wine soaked pears, broccoli and potato au gratin.
Donuts casero
Breakfast skillet with bacon, shallots, cremini mushrooms and grape tomatoes.
Croque Madames
Trump lawyers rip impeachment case as ‘political theater' - POLITICO
toasted cheese
Spicy sausage, fennel, and honey cast iron pizza
Sesame Mushroom and Tofu Stir-Fry
My homemade burger and buns turned out better than I expected :)
Why you should choose organic coconut oil
Korean Beef Inspired Lettuce Boats
Giant Yorkshire Pudding filled with Roasted Potatoes, Carrots &amp; Broccoli, with Tempura Chicken and Gravy
Lasagna rossa e bianca!
Portland Fuck Flambe
genesis k tv recipe
Summer evening dinner
Slow Cooker Chicken and Dumplings
Chicken Thighs with Sausage Stuffing
Easy Muffin Apple Pie Recipe - Μηλοπιτακια Μαφινς Φανταστικα
Heart-shaped Tiramisu
Chilly Chicken.
BBQ with baked beans and garlic mashed potatoes.
Wild boar kofta wraps
Teriyaki chicken and noodles
Ham, cheddar, and portobello mushroom omelette
Swedish ”Kebabtallrik”
baked oysters
pumpkin pie cheese cake!
banh mi burger
kerala style Prawns Fry
Refreshing Citrus mocktail to beat heat and increase immunity
Steak pasta!
Yorkshire Pudding.
Mojo Green Chili with Pork and Chicken
Semiya Payasam is a delicious recipe made from vermicelli in milk
red split lentils and zucchini soup low carb and vegetarian
shrimp noodles
Tofurkey y'all
Curry Ox Tongue with Naan
garlic fish sauce wings
Puntillas de Calamar
Mirror Glaze Heart Cake
Chili Mac (spicy beef and chorizo chili with shredded cheese, sour cream, and pico de gallo)
American Wagyu Ribeye with Sautéed Mushrooms and Roasted Broccoli
Shrimp Cobb Salad with lime dressing.
Korean Hot Dogs
45 day dry aged beef
Fried, then baked, chicken drummers ... spicy n sweet
Potato Croquette Bread and Ham Bread
Sweet and Sour Chicken and Egg Rolls
pork "yeero"
Birthday cake, chocolate and strawberries topped with egg white cream .
Sushi :)
Honey Macarons _oh
Spicy Pumpkin Pie w/ Fresh Maple Whipped Cream
salt grilled hamachi kama, braised eggplants n mushrooms, bamboo rice, fruits (red kiwi - only seeds r red, white seedless grapes)
Tried an apple almond tart and it was delish!
NOURIN'S RECIPE DIARY
No Ranji Trophy this season, BCCI opts for 50-over Vijay Hazare - The Indian Express
Heston Blumenthal Style Scrambled Eggs with a Beurre Noisette
ICED Cinnamon Matcha Latte Recipe
Pumpkin spice waffles with maple syrup and roasted squash seeds, topped with hand whipped cream
Gourmet fries with hoisin crispy duck, spring onion and cucumber.
Xmas dinners from around the world.
my brothers grilled chicken!
Hanukkah donuts! 🍩
Spicy Crawfish
Berries and Cream SpongeCake!
Tenderloin beef with a side of mushrooms and potatoes
Rows and rows of chocolate eclairs!
Christmas cookies ready for the oven
chicken with mushroom, thyme, tomatoes and Marsala cream sauce.
Pizza and wings
Spicy chicken recipe with deep-fried
Bravado black garlic hot sauce chicken strip sandwich
Fries shredded meat
Fudgiest Brownies
My Massive Meatballs.
Beef Burger (my own pattie recipe), jalapeño jam, cheese, mustard, bbq sauce and salad.
Egg ham and cheese with toasted bread
bun bo hue in Saigon
Pork Tacos
Spag n Ball
My Pi
Chicken Roast Dinner.
Stuffed chicken masala
couscous recipe
Curry noodles with tandoori chicken breast and spinach
Pan Seared Halibut with Asparagus with a side of Oven Roasted Rosemary Sweet Potatoes
Super Crispy Hash Browns, sliced avocado, perfectly poached eggs, and a super creamy hollandaise sauce! In love with this dish! All I need is my mimosa and I’m all set! https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=oedN2azfn6M
Shrimp tacos with guacamole, cilantro, and lime on flour tortillas
Pizza night on Thursday is ok
- My Birthday Cake (Strawberry Shortcake) 🍓
skirt steak tacos / recipe by Jessica Seinfeld
Lamb and pork gyros with lemon yogurt sauce
Vietnamese shrimp rolls with spicy dipping sauce
Apple galette with salted caramel
Pulled chicken sandwich with kale side salad
The Fastest Spinach Pie - Spinach Pie Vegetable Pie Without Phyllo
Chicken and Sausage Tortellini Pasta e Fagioli
Best Noodles With Shrimp &amp; Tofu | How To Make Stir Fry Noodles | Shrimp &amp; Tofu Stir Fry Noodles
Steak Pho
Thai Tea White-Chocolate Chip Cookies
Reverse seared NY strips with garlic herb butter, roasted baby potatoes, grilled asparagus, and shishito peppers
loaded chicken nachos
Black Forest and Pavlova Chocolate Bonbons. Morello Cherry Gel with Kirsch Ganache and Passionfruit Marshmallow and Strawberry Ganache Respectively
Shrimp-in-the-egg Korean toasted sandwich
Cheesy Garlic Bread On Homemade Bread
Chocolate Toffee Cookies
Garlic mashed potatoes and mushroom gravy
Custard Peach Pie🍑
cured and smoked bacon
10 strand Challah attempt
Limited edition mince pie cereal from sainsburys
roasted veggie salad
2,5 kg (5,5 lbs) of rice salad to make happy 10 friends and me
slow smoked pulled pork tacos with pineapple salsa and cilantro-lime rice
Buttermilk Fried Chicken
https://ift.tt/3j1F6ib
Anand Mahindra to gift Thar SUVs to six Team India players for Australia Test series win - Moneycontrol
White Bloomer Loaf

Fideuá
Xá Xíu
Carne Asada Tacos
Just-launched 2021 Ford EcoSport SE in the first walkaround video - CarToq.com
Tacos. Al Pastor tacos.
Chili cheese dogs
Grandma’s pozole
खिली खिली चटपटी साबूदाना खिचड़ी व्रत के लिए|sabudana khichdi |Navratri s...
Guacamole monster dip, puff pastry mummies and spiders with cucumber scary bites
1$ street food arround the world😋 enjoy!!
3 Flavours crème brûlée
Finger licking chicken wings
Purple Sweet Potato Pie for the Holidays!
this disgusting food on a school trip
Bacon Cheddar Waffles with Creamy Grits
rye
Chicken curry
Made my daughter her 1st full English breakfast
Everything Bagel Pull Apart Bread
Filet mignon w/ Lemon Butter Cream sauce
Flaming a sous vide Picanha !
Bacon &amp; Jalapeño and regular mac and cheese
Bangers and Mash with mushroom gravy
bacon cheese mashed taters
Medium rare strip steak with homade wedges
Apple Butter
today, nothing fancy just an smoked gouda omelet on buttermilk biscuit
banana pudding
Making DOG FOOD from DISGUSTING things (Frankenweenie Animation) - How C...
Holly cookies
Cherry chocolate cake for my Dad’s birthday :)
Braided Cinnamon Sugar Milk Bread
5 comidas que como todas las semanas (Vegano) 2020
Crispy fried chicken
creamy tomato pasta + smoked duck
Thanksgiving Stuffing with a Mediterranean Twist!
cake
Pumpkin Soup
pizza with homemade dough, caramelized onions, goat cheese and spinach.
Toad in the hole with beef and onion gravy
Rib eye steak!
spiced hot chocolate
Filet Mignon, medium rare
Entomatadas.
SPAM Egg Fried Rice.
Shrimp and avocado salad for brunch
Scrambled eggs, biscuits, and sausage.
Asparagus Risotto
Croissant 🥐
my Ratatouille
Christmas dinner. Prime rib, brussels sprouts, and sweet potato
Pepperoni calzone on pizza stone
Gnocci with fresh spinach, tomatoes and parmesan
Salmon sashimi, ikura, whipped cream cheese, and scallions.
Beef Plate Ribs, smoked at 250/5.5hrs, over Hickory, Oak, and Cherry.
Infused Confit Duck Leg, Fennel, Leek, Fried Rice with Ponzu Sauce (20 mg Critical Super Silver Haze)
avocado toast, sunny side up eggs, and cauliflower/potato hash
Sonora style Hot dog
I baked a sour cream pound cake today for my grandma
Pork ramen with soft boiled egg
""Boorelu Recipe in telugu|Poornam Boorelu In telugu|Burelu in telugu|Poli...
Part of tonight’s dishes - two platters of sushi
Cinnamon roll cake
Pollo Asado Chimichanga
Spinach Poori, Around 400 Poori's were made by my mum which is donated to underprivileged.
frisée salad with lardon crouton creamy dijon dressing and sous vide egg
Mirror glazed mousse for my 83 year old mom!
Smoked Beer Cheese BBQ Fries
deer with mash of sweet potato, red beets and blue cheese.
creamy asparagus soup with garlic bread
RECIPE FOR CHOCOLATE BROWNIES!
BBQ Chicken Doughnuts
Vegetable Soup on a cold winter day
Filipino Sylvanas
Roasted garlic &amp; bagel chips
Vietnamese pork and prawn blended burger with pickled vege, sriracha mayo, seared prawn and crackling
cavolo e pepe - roast cabbage pasta
Dad Builds a Tortilla Press for His 3-Year-Old Daughter
Buffalo Chicken Ranch
Chocolate Coconut Mug Cake!
hot turkey sandwiches. Leftover mashed potatoes, stuffing, turkey, gravy and cranberry sauce.
Italian grilled cheese
Piza Chicken with mole
Chocolate chip and oatmeal cookies.
Bokkeumbap— Korean fried rice with egg and ketchup
Tandoori chicken and Chicken crispy.
Beef Bourgignon after 5 hours in the oven.
Backyard bbq plater.
copycat double crunch wrap supreme from Taco Bell. Tasted exactly the same and my hubby and 2 boys loved them.
Breakfast featuring over easy eggs cooked in duck fat, homemade English muffins, sausage and cosmic crisp apples
Cupcake
best new
Rosemary Salt Recipe | Homemade Herb Salt
Strawberry shortcakes!
Smoked Chicken Wings
blueberry &amp; blackberry almond milk yogurt
rotisserie chicken seasoned with garlic, smoked paprika and herbs de provence.
dim sum sticky rice (lo mai gai)
Bourbon Apple Pie Cake! Bourbon-soaked spice cake, pie crust, apple pie filling, homemade caramel sauce, toasted pecans, bourbon/vanilla bean buttercream
Porkchop sourdough sandwich with swiss and sauerkraut.
Chocolate mint crinkle cookies
toast
Skillet chicken pot pie with a cheddar cheese pie crust
Apple pie!
Beignets, hot and fresh from the fryer
Käsesahnetorte
Can anyone guess the name of this frothy dessert? 😃
Indian fish and vegetable curry with rice
Japchae 🥢
Snowman meringue cookies
Italian style braised short ribs over beefy, buttered parmesan noodles
Galaxy themed cupcakes
Jubilant FoodWorks, NTPC, Torrent Power: Top Stocks for Investors on February 22 - News18
Charcuterie Plates
chicken parmigiana
Rava Ladoo (Rava Laddu) (Indian sweet)
Boiled Thanos with Coconut Chutney
Bulgogi Tacos
Asian Style Baked Pork Belly.
6 Egg Omelette with cheese, pan flipped with some Tapitao Hot Sauce #keto “”
Jalebi
a pizza called Chuck Norris
Chicken wings (garlic parm, thai curry and chicken 65) and some sweet potato fries!
Sundubu jjigae
Riggatoni with Meat Sauce
Tenderloin, fresh pasta, mushroom sauce, and vegetables.
stuffed zuchinni with turkey mince, mushrooms, peas and corn
Delicious Crispy Chicken Rolls
I ate  Shepherd’s Pie
French Apple Tart
roasted tomato and goat's cheese w/homemade mint pesto on toasted rye sourdough.
some fun donuts.
Tonkotsu Ramen🍜
Korean spicy tuna stew is cheap, healthy and takes less than 30min to make. This easy one pot meal is super popular in Korea and for good reasons.
Lamb ham
Short Rib Pizza with Arugula and Raspberry Glaze
Paneer Shawarma Wrap - Oil-free
stuffed paprika
Cheese flan (flan de queso)
Mushroom Bacon Shallot Omelette with Crispy Potatoes
Surf and turf
Black bean soup with some surf &amp; turf
an ‘all American’ food platter
Breadstick
Thai Duck Red Curry
Pumpkin Bread Recipe with Chocolate Chips!
Hokkaido bun dough turned into cinnamon rolls pre-frosting!
Cornish hen and veggies
Goat cheese omelette over micro greens tossed in olive oil with a side of sourdough avocado toast.
Pasta for dinner! 😝
Chili and corn bread
Grilled “cheese” with honey mustard for dipping.
Fruit Salad
My Take on Chicken Tinga Tacos
double chocolate muffins
Oreo ice cream with fruits
Steak Diane with potatoes Dauphinoise, creamed spinach, griddled asparagus &amp; broccoli
Máy đánh chà bông 300 là một trong số các máy làm chà bông được rất nhiều hộ kinh doanh, nhà hàng sử dụng hiện nay. Nhờ vào khả năng đánh chà bông tơi xốp kèm với thiết kế thông minh, sử dụng dễ dàng. Hãy cùng Bepdo.com tìm #máyđánhchàbông300 #máylàmchàbông300 #máyxaychàbông300
Cheesecake brownies
Crostini’s and bruschetta
- Bacon cheeseburger with carmelized onions, garlic aioli. With a potato trifecta!
Gluten free mini pies. Root veg, romanesco, and egg. Mushroom, onion, spinich. Apple, beet, honey.
Ribs with Mac n cheese
Hickory Smoked St Louis Cut Pork Ribs
Spicy cauliflower tacos
Tres Leches cake
whole wheat bread
paella or arroz con cosas, you tell me?
Korean-style beef tacos
Gulasch
Corn nuts
Ahi Tuna Poke Bowl
Pitaya Bowl.
Tiny candy Food
Spicy Dinner idea really tasty and easy to make at home
Indian Cuisine in Des Moines
Sushi Takeout
local baker who made these stunning cakes for mother’s day
Ceviche with lemon/lime base and Atlantic cod
pork tonkatsu tuesday!
chocolate peanut butter macarons!
Roasted Poha Chivda for Diwali Festival from D HOME CHEF
Picadillo, tortillas and hot sauce.
A homemade cold coffee I made because I was bored 🤗
Katsu, fried shrimp, veggies and rice with Sriracha
Pan Pizzas
Pasta al pesto
baby yoda biscuits
Mushroom Cream Soup
Chicken and Sausage Gumbo with Gulf Shrimp
Herby Tomato Focaccia
Almejas guisadas
Garlic Naan &amp; Chicken Kadhai
Fried Chicken Curry w/ Egg
tofu scramble, smart bacon and hashbrowns for breakfast! pls ignore dirty fork
Saucy Chicken and Rice!
Pomegranate pistachio yogurt
Brown Butter Oat Streusel Dutch Apple Pie
microwaved PIZZA!! 🍕🍕
Curry lentils, white rice, beef sausage &amp; asparagus
No-bake cheesecake with blueberry syrup
Made some Matsutake Meat Rolls with Bacon 🥓 (inspired by Genshin Impact) IG : thefoodglitch
turkey salad club on rye
brown butter chocolate chip cookie vanilla ice cream sandwiches
strawberry cheesecake with strawberry glaze
Neapolitan small pastries!
coconut pudding with fresh raspberries.
Octopus and Pork Belly Stir Fry!
food?
Filipino Kare-Kare. Bok choy, string beans &amp; aubergines stewed in a rich and thick peanut sauce. Served with sautéed crab paste or bagoong alamang. Crispy chicharones add more texture and just the right saltiness.
chicken cutlets recipe | チキンカツレツ | 煎鸡排
coated chicken breast, veggies and salad
I made pizza pasta mmmm
Korean Braised Potatoes
Vegan paella
Indian sandwich
Roman-style carbonara
Prawn linguine
Banana Blueberry Muffins
Pumpkin Pie!
Amazingly delicious  tacos.
Ossobuco e risotto alla milanese
Veal steak
Mac and Cheese with Panko bread crumbs
Japanese beef cutlet sandwich
beef nachos
grilled pork roast
Rose Jelly
shrimp tacos!
Strawberry cake topped with fruits. What you guys think?
Kale and Pinkelwurst with potatoes
I couldn’t decide between jerk chicken or gumbo for dinner so I had BOTH!Jerk chicken gumbo.
vegetarian lasagna
Split Shrimp Sandwich on homemade potato bun
smoked salmon salad
Mix Vegetable Handi / Rich &amp; Delicious Mix Veg Recipe / mélanger la rece...
Sushi roll (has filter)
food
Jumping on the Wellington bandwagon
ham and cheese melt on homemade sourdough
Beef Barbacoa
Buffalo wings with blue cheese sauce
Chilli
reverse seared sirloin steak w/ rosemary and garlic oven chips, roasted broccoli, red wine and mushroom pepper sauce and fresh piccolo tomatoes.
Lobster fettuccine
All-American breakfast: banana pancakes with maple syrup, thick-sliced bacon, sunny-side up eggs, and grapefruit
Banana blueberry muffin
Salmon over quinoa, roasted vegetables, and greens
Double smash cheeseburger with caramelised onions
Never eaten Indian food before, so I figured I’d make some myself! Chicken Tikka Marsala with Basmati rice and naan bread.
Cheesy funeral potatoes
Funfetti cupcakes
fried cod, fries, coleslaw, baked beans, roll
I have never eat Pesto Pasta before in my life. So, I made one.
turkey, ribs, mashed potatoes, gravy, stuffing, mac and cheese, and brussel sprouts
Spatchcocked chicken and potatoes with Revolution spice blend in a cast iron pan.
Crispy Stuffed Potato Bread Rolls ""
Garlic Naan
Pork belly ramen noodle soup
Diet Meal
Fried Eggplant Mash
Roast dinner
Gluten-Free Waffles with Strawberry, Kiwi, and Banana
Anniversary Victoria Sponge filled with Cornish clotted cream, strawberries and raspberries.
Virado a Paulista
Fried Perogies
The 20 best potato recipes (from my Guardian archive)
Copycat Egg McMuffin
Sweet and Sour Pineapple Pork
Taiwan special fruit
Simple &amp; Easy Chicken Lasagna | How To Make Chicken Lasagna | Chicken Lasagna Recipe
Char siu style chicken thighs and a melon mojito
Yummy Onion Samosa - Indian Style
Maple-Bourbon Short Ribs
Atlantic City Boy Beating Dog In Viral Video Found In North Carolina, Police Say - Northern Highlands Daily Voice
Red Chili Garlic Tonkotsu Ramen
I made ramen for breakfast
Oc  fish 65 Tacos Fry aaa!!
Dragon Ball Z Themed Ramen Noodles
Tempura Egg rolls with Unagi and sweet “Soomi” sauce.
Just made this Spaghetti Pizza
Coronavirus Expected To Last Long-Term Despite Global Vaccine Rollout - NDTV
Hungarian Style Goulash
qocuilles saint jacques on a bed of grilled green asparagus and tomato with a garlic balsamic vinegar glaze. Sweet potato creme and a qocuilles truffle mouse with prawns.
Lazy Sunday Morning Breakfast
Cheesesteak the way I like it.
Soup season! Chicken noodle soup.
Why Amazon is feuding with a partner and billionaire Mukesh Ambani - Times of India
Grilled Cheese and Tomato Basil Soup
this taylor ham, egg, cheese today
Greek Mezze Platter
Bhutte Ka Kees Recipe|इंदौरी सराफे का प्रसिद्ध भुट्टे का कीस|Bhutte Ka Kis
fish recipe
Ham and eggs sandwich
Mozzarella Cheese Sticks
Apple cake with Streusel
Rice bowl with grilled short ribs marinated in Korean bbq sauce, pickled cucumbers, and sautéed carrots, with sriracha crema
Chocolate pecan pie macarons
Spicy tonkotsu ramen with some crispy shallots, garlic, pickled ginger, scallions, ajitama, naruto fish cake, and pork chasu! Supporting a small local business.
Chocolate covered strawberries for my Valentine.
crispy duck with homemade pancakes
Nutella Ricotta Cannoli with hazelnuts
Pasta Carbonara
BLT’s for dinner!
Pineapple Sticky Rice 🍍
queso with boar sausage.
pepperoni pizza
A lot of sushi 🍱
Pepperoni and Meatball Roses 🌹
Crispy crackling pork belly and chili jam...
Orange Bread
BLT ciabatta
orange glazed salmon with watercress, rutabaga, carrots, and a cashew-beet smear on the side.
freshly made Sushi
Apple pie
Polish knedle with minced pork filling
Tri-Color Ravioli
Roasted Ribs
Flapjacks and Bacon
Charcuteriestravaganza
Braised Goat with Pepper Curry, Smoked Turkey Neck Collard Greens, Black Eyed Peas with Okra, Grilled Cajun Chayote Squash, Dirty Rice + Chicken Livers &amp; Garlic. Not quite authentic especially because the Black Lab Puppy was spoiled rotten so I did not include in recipe.
Scarlet Pie made with Pears, Apples, Figs, Walnuts, Cranberries and Orange Peel
Best Open Fire Turkey
Chestnut Tart w/ Persimmon &amp; Candied Nuts
Sourdough Ciabatta (88% hydration)
NY Strip, Shrimp and Roasted Potatoes
Lamb with roasted squash and Brussels sprouts fritter
Apricot marmelade, with whipped cream, pistachio cream and fresh apricots, seeved with two chocolate puff pastries
Spicy Milk | Masala Doodh | Winter Special | Hot Beverage | HomeMade | Chef | Pragathi's Cookhouse | ""
potato knishes
Gnocchi all'Amatriciana
Ghi Arna
Homemade Honey Cream Cheesecake
. "Finally some good fucking Ramen" -Gordon Ramsay (Probably). It was pretty delicious btw
Traditional Soft Pretzels
Stuffed Paratha
Chinese Fruit Cake
nachos. The best foods you eat with your hands.
“” Pineapple Shrimp #Pineappleshrimp
Sirloin Tip Roast
Seaweed Chips!
Chorizo and potato oven bake. Very easy.
Steak au Poivre
#foodsfromFebruary
Egyptian Macaroni Bechamel
Mexican ham and eggs takeout.
Israeli Style Cous Cous Salad w/ Pickled Shallots, Feta, Pistachios &amp; Greens
Poached eggs and pepper jack cheese on english muffin with green chili
Carne Guisada &amp; Jalapeno Beef Kolaches
Passion Fruit Coconut Dessert!
bees in Driscolls Raspberries
so basically i made some spicy chicken
Chocolate Pastry Twists
Pargiot chicken pita with middle eastern pickles, fries, tahini and spicy sauce
lemon chicken and Brussels sprouts - low carb version
What would this be called, ik the Ingredients and ik it doesn’t look as yummy as the other things on the sub, I just wanna know
eggnog pancakes, topped w candied pecans, sausage links, a cranberry parfait made up of Greek yogurt sweetened with local honey, cranberry-apple compote spiced with cinnamon and sweetened with fresh orange juice and dark brown sugar layered with cranberry-cashew granola
BC Oktoberfest pie
Wild salmon with beet
Turducken: Quail, pigeon, chicken, duck…all in one turkey.
Cheese plate
samosas
charsiew, rice and veges
Nutella
chili oil
Freshly steamed King Crab
Worst Calzone ever.
Oreo balls
venison tenderloin.
After 7 miles to the gym up these hills back and forth.. twice.. my dinner snack is bbq chips with queso dip and taco meat.
so much
“Ranch” pizza with cream sauce, Mozzarella, bacon, ham, onion, tomatoes and italian spices.
Beef Wellington, tested my nerves making it first time for Christmas dinner
A Cookie Bouquet
Assorted Doughnuts
A thick four miso tonkotsu ramen
Sandwiches with strawberry and cream
Turkish platter with hummus and pita bread.
Mini Apple pies shaped like pumpkins
Seabass with chilli,ginger &amp; spring onion
Chocolate Chunk Cookies
Chicken thighs, roasted brussel sprouts, and mashed potatoes
Char Siu Tacos
beef stew.
Christmas Leftover Lunch
Falafel Pita
steak panini’s
„Kräppelchen“
spicy peanut sauce udon
Ciabatta Bread attempt
Chicken Pozole
Seafood Boil
Spicy Miso, Egg Drop Soup
Çikolatalı Fındıklı Kurabiye Tarifi - Chocolate Hazelnut Cookies
Shrimp Scampi with Orzo
ASMR INDONESIAN FRIED FISHCAKE
Cast iron spicy pepperoni pizza
Mac and cheese for thanksgiving. Courtesy of sibling
Jalapeno Cornbread
Russian Borscht Soup
Pindi chole
Burger Steak
fantastic option to add to your keto meal planning
Puff pastry wheels filled with raspberry jam
Brownie croissants
Chilli cheese fries
many tacos.
Nashville Hot Chicken pizza from a local Nashville Food truck
Pizza on Mars? What will SpaceX have for dinner?
chocolate-almond laddoo
New Hampshire Skillet Breakfast Mashup
French Bread
Lucky Boy (Pasadena, CA) Onion Rings
steak (i wish) 🤩
Spicy ginger brown sugar glazed salmon with oven roasted garlic broccoli and beef rice
Coconut and lemon cookies
Buns with cheddar spinach chicken burger, topped with more spinach, cheddar and some avocado. Also homemade fries!
Cheesesteak flatbread
Italian Chicken Cutlet sandwich
Chikki one of my favorite snacks for winter. Thanks to my grandma for the quick recipe and can be made within few minutes. It's nutritious as well.
Left Overs Reheated In The Oven (Sour Cream Was Added)
Freshly baked bread and guacamole.
Making some progress on my soufflé pancakes
What is this dish called?
Handmade tagliatelle with bolognese and meatballs
Sesame Candy
Spicy kimchi cold noodles topped with boiled egg
Pasta with Bolognese Sauce
Beef ragu garnished with parsley
Ais Batu Campur Buah (Mixed Ice with Fruits)
Celery salad with Parmesan, figs, and hazelnuts
Creamy Garlic Chicken, Mashed Potatoes and Chili Green beans
Restaurant Style Sesame Chicken
Challah French toast with white-wine brown sugar caramel apples topped with freshly crushed pecans
Pizza bagels...ft. curly fries
venison cheesesteak with Chipotle mayo
Peppermint milkshake with gourmet chocolate jimmies and chocolate hazelnut pirouette wafer
Spaghetti Aglio e olio
Loaded Nachos with Chicken, andouille, cheese, pinto beans, tomatoes, red onions, cilantro, guacamole, sour cream
Cheetos chicken burgers
Albondiga soup
Red wine braised short ribs
crispy thin crust pizza
Wagyu Beef Double Cheeseburger with Caramelized Onions and Bacon Bits
Yummy Detroit style pizza in South Florida.
Cranberry and orange star cookies
chocolate cake with nuts on top
I love italian food!
Milk Bar Peanut Butter Birthday Cake
Fresh milled buckwheat mafaldine.
Cream Tea
Green Curry Lamb Fillet and Pomme Anna with Lamb Jus
Smoked brisket
cheese cake with marinated fruit and carbonated sugar.
tempura goose barnacles
Ý tưởng kinh doanh đồ uống mùa hè thu hút khách
Dark Chocolate Muffins!
Stollen
fried chicken sandwich and homemade spicy slaw. Yum!
Reverse Seared Ribeye with Mashed Potatoes.
Grilled pork chop, collards, black eyed peas, and honey corn bread
Chili sauce
Potato &amp; Egg Curry
crusty bread, tomato, and Buffalo mozzarella
Pull-Apart Sour Cream &amp; Chive Rolls
Beer battered fish fry last night. One part stout, one part flour, one egg. As easy as it gets.
Enchiladas
DUMPLINGS
Zuppa Toscana
breakfast taco with homemade gravy
My second attempt making a pizza
Albondigas with crema and Oaxaca cheese quesadillas
Santa Fe Chipotle Shrimp with Corn Cake in Tomato/Ginger Salsa. Chipotle Butter.
Vegan Pandan Crepes
Does anyone know what this is?  this in paris and they didnt speak english and have no idea what it is but it was delicious
टेस्टी फिश फ्राइ टिक्का | Fish Fry Tikka Recipe | Fish Fry | Fish Snacks
Teriyaki shrimp and egg fried rice. Novice cook but it turned out pretty well I think.
meatballs pies with veggies and mix of cheese
grilled cheese w/egg and salami
The Office themed cookies
Smoked salmon and egg on toast
Birria taco night
Chocolate Chip Waffles with Bacon and OJ
banh mi (viet sub)
udon bowl
Artsy Fartsy Focaccia
Whole wheat pizza with mozzarella, parmesan, mushrooms, and garlic.
What to cook at the 2020 Christmas dinner
Beef burger, with cheese, lettuce and siracha mayo in a wholemeal bun, Sweet potato chips
In viral video, Arnold Schwarzenegger compares Kristallnacht to the Trump-incited riot at the Capitol - The Boston Globe
Pasta with vegetables and shrimps
Paneer jalebi's
Baileys cheesecake with fudge &amp; Lemon cremeux with rhubarb sorbet
Bacon 2 ways: Open faced Bacon, tomato, avo sandwiches and rice paper vegan bacon, with a side of soft scrambled eggs. (Not pictured: hot stack of ube mochi pancakes)
Squid ink linguini with chanterelles and bacon
Cold Coffee (South Asian Style)
sour and spicy glass noodle soup / suān là fěn
Slow cooked beef and mushroom on top of egg noodle.
Filled Donut Balls
Strawberry and Blueberry Galettes from my cafe.
Animal Style Sliders
Dark chocolate cupcake with fresh raspberry cream cheese buttercream
Two types of fudge
@foodwithdenton my dads Instagram account I’m helping him run. He posts different  Follow and he will follow back https://Instagram.com/foodwithdenton/
nongshim tonkatsu with leftover roasted chicken, chiffonaded nori &amp; ajitsuke tomago
a enchilada casserole! (I think i spelled that right)
slow cooked Guinness BBQ pulled pork (tenderloin) on homemade bun. Sauce base also homemade from garden ingredients... Homemade!
A Reuben.
everything Jamaican Jerk (Redlands ca)
Garlic Butter Roasted Veggies with Red Wine
Kashmiri Style Lamb Roganjosh
chocolate biscuit cake
Dark Chili Chocolate Mezcal Truffles
taco night at our restaurant
My best Chili
Pan Seared Scallops and Parmesan Garlic Risotto with a Brown Butter Sauce, Spinach, and Brussel Sprouts
apple-caramel cake
Simple pan fried Ling Cod.
After Sunday’s slush fest, another winter storm threatens by Wednesday night - The Washington Post
Chicken Tikka Masala curry, guferati green beans, roasted turmeric broccoli, and garlic naan bread.
Chili &amp; Cheese omelette.
On the border
chateaubriand roast, hassleback potatoes au gratin, and green beans with roasted mushrooms
Ramen with beef
Paella
Collard Greens, Cornbread, and Black-eyed Peas
Chocolate chip cookies and large cookie
this matzo ball soup...
Fish thali ,Kokan
Beef Wellington, potatoes gratin, roasted carrots. Not shown red wine reduction sauce and 1983 Chateau Margeaux. Merry Christmas!
Peach Pies
Mascarpone cream with orange and vanilla
personal size deep dish pizza with slow roasted tomato sauce, fresh mozzarella, prosciutto
Rice, Beef Curry, Daal and Beetroot Upperi
Egg noodles and vegan meatballs
The Leftover Breakfast Sandwich
Cheesy potato soup
watermelon and corn salad
We did oysters and caviar for Christmas
smoked brisket sammie with pickled cabbage slaw on brioche buns.
AppyBuilder Beginner Tutorial 2 introduction - LearnEverythingFast
sausage, egg, and cheese on an everything bagel
Dear  key lime pie, I’m sorry I made you so ugly
Maybe my best pizza crust yet!
Shrimp Tacos
Cheddar Shrimp and Grits
cheese pizza
Russian dumplings
Neapolitan pizza margherita
Szechuan spicy pork stir-fry with pickled mustard green n wood ears, hot and sour grouper with mixed vegetables
Christmas Chocolate Bouche Cake
Fried Stuffing &amp; Bacon Eggs Benedict (with turkey gravy)
Tteokbokki- Korean Spicy Rice Cake Stew
Egg maggi noodles recipe
Breakfast is served!
Clams with garlic oil and white wine 😁
grilled ahi tuna with orange-soy dressing and bok choy
Corn, beans and chicken. Simple as that
Taco Soup - Easy Taco Soup Recipe!
Cheese Cake, taken literally.
Barilla Tacos with Chuck and Short Rib
Steak fingers, gravy, fries, and garlic bread.
Chorizo Pizza
snickerdoodle cookies
Club Bagel
Curry Tofu and Potato Pancakes with Sriracha Aioli!!
Prime rib, garlic mashed potatoes, creamed pearl onions, and asparagus
Ragu with gnocchi, broccoli and parmesan
Steamed Egg (Chawanmushi)
Pork fried rice.
When u live in Japan and u love cococurry/CocoICHIBANYA Well  EVERYTHING
BBQ wings
Chicken pot pie
Shrimp tacos with a garlic cilantro sauce and feta crumbles
antipasti vegetables in Catania, Sicily
Yummy, spicy Garlic-Prawn Masala | Spicy South Indian dish | Pundu Eral ...
Kerala King Fish Curry cooked with Coconut Milk served with Kerala-style Fried Fish, Cabbage Upperi and Matta Rice
With some guidance from a friend: chicken shawarma, basmati rice, homemade tzatziki, three bean salad with feta and pita. I’m in love.
Persian food!
Chocolate strawberry cake
BBQ Platter
Korean Tofu Soup
Cherrywood Smoked Chicken Wings
Leftover homemade birria turned into birria ramen!
Cucumber Radish Salad
Hash Brown Sandwich w/ Fried Egg
Doughnuts
Curry goat, roast okra, sourdough veggie pancakes, and mint chutney.
Foie Gras atop Granny Smith and Chardonnay puree with blackberry balsamic reduction.
Hiyashi Chuuka - Cold Ramen
Chicken and Shrimp Lo Mein
Dark Chocolate Brownies
Pasta bake with sausage and pepperoni
Bread
Smoked beef hams.
Blueberry crumble with Blue Bell vanilla icecream
a falafel plate
Miso ramen with soy ginger eggs
Apple pie with stroopwafels
Tabbouleh Salad
Vanilla cake
Quick Brunch - Waffles and Chicken Fingers with Honey Hot Sauce
Smoked wings in Buffalo sauce and crispy potato wedges with cheese sauce.
Matcha Green Tea Cake
Tofu and veg. With peanut sauce
Risotto, Boudin Balls and Shrimp Po Boy
Persian inspired herb and beef stew with basmati rice and naan.
Smoked pork ribs.
Broccoli Cauliflower Casserole
Danish stegt flæsk
SP and inspector's 'epic' dance moves on Sapna Choudhary's song win Internet - Watch Viral Video - Times Now
My version of gimbap :3
Potato Ice Cream
Coconut Milk Pulao
Wine sous vide poached pears with fall spiced wine reduction and vanilla bean ice cream.
Mexican Chorizo and Tortilla Soup
Loop Media Partners with Doing Things Media to Bring the Internet's Funniest and Most Viral Videos to Restaurants, Venues, and Retail Establishments - GlobeNewswire Miso sesame sweet potatoes with vegetable lo mein
Crispy Pork Belly
Tomato-vegetable soup with meatballs
Birthday cake topped with meringue kisses and fruit
Smash Burger with Caramelised Shallots and Burger Sauce
Chicken &amp; Chorizo with coriander garnish
Japanese curry with chicken karaage!
Chapati
Tomato rice mini food experience :)
Crackers with my new pasta maker!
Salmon tuna bowl
Compound Butter Burger sampler
Mayo, swiss cheese, sopressa, cabanossi, ham and salsa on a homemade hoagie roll
Berry-stuffed French toast
Lasagne
Millionaire Shortbread.
sticky ribs with a honey ginger glaze
Thanksgiving
Brown butter cookies
Salmon with lemon cream sauce
Waffle fries and asparagus with a perfect Maldon salt crystal.
chicken with risotto
Easter egg sugar cookies
chicken apple sausage concoction
Made these pastries at work. All with handmade puff pastry.
Beef Stew
46 lb Thanksgiving Turkey
NY strip w/ seasoned rice and roasted carrots.
Kitten ASMR Mukbang
Korean Samgyeopsal with dumpling soup, spicy soybean paste soup, and kimchi fried rice
Portuguese egg tarts made by local
Copycat PF Chang’s chicken lettuce cups
Cookie Nugs
"Everything" Calzone
Bacon, Sausage, Egg and Cheese Muffin
Bruschetta.
frankies! (aka bombay burritos) india’s street food
Burnt Basque Cheesecake
Spaghetti and Meatballs
Freshmax
Brown Rice Sweet and Spicy Tuna Onigiri
Mango Diablito
Steak stir-fry with fresh carrots, broccoli, onion, celery, garlic, sweet pepper and quinoa.
Thanksgiving turkey
I was feeling a little home(food)sick so here is my  Manti (aka. Turkish Ravioli I think)
steak, peppercorn sauce, dauphinoise potatoes and asparagus
Talioca pearls with roasted peanuts and potato. Topped with lemon and cilantro.
Shrimp and Pork Potstickers
Gobi (cauliflower) masala, chana saag (curried chick peas and spinach) and Jeera rice with roti
Sushi :)
Paneer satay bowls
Crab Benedict
Easy to cook https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCNux4seiFiIsq4JU2aT0fSA
pot roast
Pumpkin gnocchi with sage and walnuts
Italian Cheesecake with a Glazed Fruit Topping
Honey glazed pork belly with a mixed olive salad.
Fried spam, egg, and cheese bagel
Persimmon macarons
Mahi mahi tacos
Sichuan Wontons
Mexican chicken soup with a poached farm egg
خوراک بامیه _ بامية مطبوخة _ Baked Okra _
mexican lunch
pizza me and my buddy made
Paratha with Saag
New Year’s Eve Special Cajun Mac n’ Cheese
BYO Banh Mi
Miso Soup Ramen 🍜
Detroit Style Deep Dish Pizza
Apple fritters!
Lasagna Stuffed Shells with Bruschetta
Fish Tacos with Slaw
watermelon macs
''''
2 NY style pizzas
Shepherd’s pie
Christmas shortbread cookies dipped in chocolate
samoa cheesecake
Fish tacos and ice tea
honey soy drumsticks
Surf n Turf
Chai cookies
"" I want your feedback on my new app it's still v1, if you don't mind please.
a Lobster Tail from Modern Pastry; Boston, Massachusetts
Macaroni
I made matcha tiramisù
Tom Ka Gai (Thai Creamy Coconut Chicken Soup)
asada enchilada plate
Pizza and dirty fry Friday
Tabula
braised lamb shank with home made toasted bread with roasted garlic spread
Pancetta and Gorgonzola Stuffed Mushrooms with Chili Balsamic reduction glaze
Cast Iron Pizza with paprika chicken and ranch sauce base.
Habanero peppers
Ultimate Pub Burger with Herb Potato Wedges, topped with a fried egg.
Vincenzo Scuruchi's "owl" hand carved from avocado.
not the best looking stack of pancakes ever but I hope you enjoy the looping syrup drips
Cast iron skillet pizza with a stuffed crust
बालूशाही Balushahi
Baked acorn squash stuffed with “sausage” of almonds, mushrooms, garlic, scallion, poblanos, árbol chilis, topped with Parmesan. Stewed collard greens finished in a skillet with “cracklin” from the sausage, onions, and butter.
Roasted Chicken
Seafood gumbo
Salted caramel chocolate cake
Grilled cheese on Bloody Mary
xiao long bao
double smash cheese burger
Charcuterie spread for date night
Milk Tea
M&amp;M Kudos Bars
Butternut squash ravioli
Salmon w/ salad
lemon meringue pie
Beet and Ground Beef Couscous
Short Rib Ragu
Tried my hand at ramen and it was a success!
Italian Loaf!
Miso &amp; Ghee Swiss Chard
Fried brown rice with prawns
homestyle potatoes/hashbrowns
Chicken tacos. didn't want turkey today
A dessert boat from Zuma
Pumpkin Swirl Cheesecake
My pizza homemade
Pumpkin Porridge
Powdered and Frosted Donuts with Italian Cream
beef stir fry
Blueberry pie  Pink Heart Pancake with Chocolate Chip Smiley Face
Triple chocolate bundt cake with mint chocolate squares
Egg Sandwich for Breakfast
10 grain sandwich bread loaf
Pralines
Spring Chicken Soup with Ravioli and a Poached Egg
Fresh-caught fish roasted Yemeni style with malawah bread
Hachee
matcha and whipped cream puffs
- Charsiu Pork 48 hour Ramen.
I finally tried pork tenderloin today! Don’t worry, I wrapped it in bacon 🤤
home-style tofu from Fuchsia Dunlop’s “the Food of Sichuan”
Cross section of a cream cheese icing topped cinnamon bun I made.
"" some nuts once more deadly than you would think
Preserved Lemons w/Salt, Peppercorn &amp; Bay Leaf
No-Bake Strawberry Chocolate Tart Recipe!
onion smash burger! Delicious
Spatchcock Smoked Chicken + Roasted Rainbow Carrots
Khaja – Enjoy The Festive Taste With Purti Refined Sunflower Oil
An italian sandwich with hot peppers
Minestrone
beef and oyster sauce stir fry
An abomination
Eggs, roasted butternut squash, onion, chard, and tomato. All garden grown except for the eggs!
Kimchi Soondubu jjigae (순두부찌개) with Beef Short Rib and Shrimp
smoked prime rib
Central Texas Smoked Brisket
Salmon croquettes over Caesar salad
Fish, shrimp, and chips
Cajun Shrimp Alfredo
Pork roast with gravy, scalloped potatoes, green beans.
My  bread and butter pudding with added banana and chocolate! Yum!
Lasagna bolognese (yes, vegetarian!)
Chocolate chip waffles
wholewheat sourdough
Chicken cordon bleu - simple chicken fillet rolls with ham and cheese.
from a cheese platter
Strawberry Jam On Toast
Chicken Wraps
Pumpkin cake with cream cheese frosting.
Saw someone else post their breakfast burrito. I have been perfecting my craft since covid started.
Double smash burger with kimchi and pork belly
Pho
Loaded baked potato in cream soup. Cheese, bacon, jalapeños, broccoli, sour cream, butter, salt and pepper, shredded cheese and of course bacon
Spicy sausage biscuits and gravy with super hot pepper powder
Caramel Macchiato Cake
Camping breakfast: Scrambled eggs, sausage, fruit, veggies and some TLC.
Tranches pâtisserie FZ FOOD طرونش باتيسيي
animals shaped pasta and chicken made by my mom
Mango Parfait
Budget tilted towards supporting growth
adult lunchables (charcuterie board)
Hue Beef Noodle (bun bo Hue)
salmon with roasted potatoes and some spinach on the side.
butter chicken with shop bought mini naans.
Traditional Andean Dinner
Manti (aka. Turkish dumplings or Turkish Ravioli)
Gansitos
Pizza: Half lemongrass grilled pork banh mi with pickled carrots &amp; daikon, half shrimp Diablo with mushrooms
Another family house meal while it snows, bone in pork chop, duck fat and truffle fingerling potatoes and a house made demi Glace
steak and eggs with homemade sourdough
many taco
Filet Mignon with Garlic Butter and Sauteed Tomatos
Jambon-beurre with Gruyère
How To make Apple Juice In Factory | Apple Juice Production
Baked New York Style Cheesecake, Homemade raspberry coulis &amp; white chocolate shavings.
Cuban sandwich
Corn Muffins
Garlic Parmesan Wedges
Grilled shrimp scampi and asparagus
Apple Cinnamon Tarte pre-baking
Whole grilled chicken
Dishing Up The History of Roast Chicken
Happy Thanksgiving sugar cookies
butter basted tenderloin with pan sauce, steamed potatoes with dill butter, steamed asparagus and seared scallops
pork chop, mashed potatoes, gravy, carrots, corn, onions.
croissants!
Mushroom Thin-crust Pizza
Sautéed Mushrooms and Salad Toppings
Apple crumble
fried seabass scallions, corn, cilantro, mixed greens salad, homemade stewed toamtoes
meatloaf with green beans and smashed potatoes. Blue Gatorade to wash it all down.
Chicken (right) and Veg (left) burgers, dips are also homemade!
Scrambled eggs with toast
Cloudberries i lov them
Spinach and feta Shakshuka with  focaccia
Sorbet this Christmas
Mexican food for 24h
Venison Bao’s
buffalo chicken wrap with potato chips and strawberry lemonade
Oreo Waffle and a chocolate smoothie 🤤
porchetta with rosemary, sage and orange!
Breakfast Scramble w/ Tofu, Seitan Strips, Golden Potatoes, Spinach, Red Bell Pepper, Zucchini, Turmeric &amp; Garlic Salt
A5, BMS12 Wagyu Ribeye from the Gunma prefecture.
steak, potatoes, and brussel sprouts
https://ift.tt/3thhNFY
Upvote/downvote pancake stack. Downvote for failing to finish eating and having to toss.
Inspired by this week’s episode of the GBBS and made chocolate Babka!
Garlic studded ribeye
Pavo en Relleno Negro
Chicken in fenugreek leaves(methi chicken) with rice
Korean Fried Rice with home made Gochujang and Kimchi.
First time making pizza dough from scratch, very pleased with the result
Pancake Christmas Tree!
Halloween themed meringue and a butter cream icing
Cubano🇨🇺
Tuna poke bowl with a plum rose.
Skin-on mashed potatoes
General Tso’s chicken.
Risoles
For an amateur I say my Thanksgiving turkey came out pretty good.
St. Louis style spare ribs, Santa Maria style tri-tip, and steakhouse seasoned tri-tip.
Red snapper sashimi plate, do you like it ?
Raita with spice oil
Hamsi Tava(Turkish Fried Anchovies)
Pumpkin Whoopie Pies with Cream Cheese Icing
Shrimp coconut curry over basmati with cardamom
Smoked a brisket and grilled some filet mignon, made kimchi jjigae (stew) with it.
Peruvian chicken with tangy green sauce with salad &amp; cilantro lime rice
sashimi and sushi 🍣
7 Hour Bolognese
rice shrimps
fish tofu with beans
The most important health benefits of tea
Asian Drumsticks
Crunchy Paçanga Pastry
Mild Sauce Chicken Sandwich
Crescentine bolognesi (or gnocco fritto modenese).
BBQ Root Beer Pulled Chicken Sandwiches
Lamb over Garlic Mash with Glazed Carrots
i know it is not health..
Lockdown canneloni!
dark rye n wholewheat sourdough
choco coffee cake
Pheasant Roast
the most appetising concoction of beancurd and century egg so far
made sushi
Paneer Kathi rolls
Spinach and Grilled Veggie salad with orange garlic salmon
bear brick cake
Jalapeño Cheeto Fried Chicken Sandwich
Nasi minyak with chicken strips and salad.
lemon pudding!
Bœuf Bourguignon
Chocolate cupcakes with a marshmallow center and peanut butter frosting
grilled and braised goat neck with potatoes and veggies
Deboned and Stuffed Chicken Leg Quarter with mashed potatoes and Chimichurri
Wholemeal fusilli and herbs n chilli flakes crusted salmon
Chili Chicken Fries
Peppermint mocha zucchini muffins
grilled pizza
Beef Pot Roast With Mashed Potatoes
What Our Food Reporters and Editors Make When They’re Too Tired to Cook - The New York Times
Garlic and Sea Salt Crusted Ribeye, Egg, Cheese, Refried bean topped Hashbrowns and Avocado.
Aloo Beef Pie
King crab and garlic flat bread
Get free $750 in your paypal account now
Boba Milk Tea Rolls
Watermelon, Peanut and Noodle Salad
Thai Basil Pork Nachos
Seared Zaatar Salmon Salad with Spicy Turmeric Tahini Dressing and Crispy Rice
Got a bit carried away. Some sugar, some cinnamon, some filled with lemon curd.
a reuben sandwich
Pastele fries
Quesadillas! ❤️
Peanutbutter-walnut banana bread with chocolate chunks
Mini meal for my dogSo với các dòng máy xay thịt chuyên dụng thì máy xay thịt cá 1100W được nhiều khách hàng lựa chọn nhờ khả năng xay nhuyễn thịt trong thời gian ngắn. #máyxay110w #máyxaythịtcá1100w #máyxaythịtcábếpđỏ
Baymax rice with lemongrass tofu and corn salsa
Sourdough Baguette
Rose bread
Just a simple Grilled cheese with Ham.
Teriyaki ribeye over sushi rice
Pineapple cake
Moroccan Couscous with Chicken and Vegetables
Tikka Masala On Picanha
Steak, bacon-wrapped beans and potatoes
"Chocolate" bar made from coffee beans.
Mini Cherry Cheesecakes
Red Curry Stir fry
Bacon Wrapped Meatballs
Bellpepper filled with Chili con Carne overbaked with cheese
Shaker Meyer Lemon pie.
I’m kicking myself! 30 seconds earlier and I wouldn’t have burned the cheese. Otherwise pretty happy with my attempt at Chicken Parmesan. (Sorry for bad presentation)
Easy Breakfast Sandwich
- Jamaican jerk wings with rum and pineapple dipping sauce
tourtière (Canadian meat pie) with cranberry ketchup
Surf and turf with creamed spinach
Bacon Wrapped Chicken Tenders w/ Onion &amp; Chive Cream Cheese 🤤 sides: steamed broccoli &amp; baked potato
spring rolls &amp; peanut sauce
Lemon Chicken with Artichokes &amp; Roasted Zuchinni
Ham and Cheese Casserole
Oreo mug cake with ice cream
Half Stir-Fry Ramens
Pancakes topped with cream cheese and cherry marmalade.
Pasta Genovese with Chicken Sausage
veggie chili and cornmeal pancakes
vegetable pakora
Could Morgan Wallen's Viral Video Using a Racial Slur Actually End His Country Music Career? - Yahoo Entertainment
Lamb barbacoa
Mini cherry pies
deconstructed scotch eggs!
Dessert ""
Burger (meat mixed with soy sauce) with fried onions, blue cheese sauce, bacon and mild gouda.
Sofrito Rice with Chicken
Bacon egg and cheese breakfast sandwich on bagel
veggie pasta with asparagus and gorgonzola butter
Burger With All The Fixings
chicken gyro
pork lechon , garlic buttered shrimp, puto , choco chip cookies , filipino style spaghetti, letche flan and crokets
bacon egg and cheese
corn muffins from the other day.
Brownie cupcakes with chocolate glaze and sprinkles
Blackened Ribeye and Lobster Tail
Nam Khao
rate my dinner
vegan BBQ roast
Garlic Cayenne Cheez-Its
Turkey, Red Pepper and Onion Omelette with Herb and Garlic Cheese and Black Pepper.
Cottage cheese &amp; Sour cherry brownies
English Style Breakfast
pizza from the pizza oven
Stuffed Peppers
new york style bagels
Black Paella with seafood &amp; aioli
Chocolate truffle Cake
Salmon Sushi Burger
Spatchcocked Chicken
Cochinita Pibil torta
PakChoi-Shrimp salad with cocktaildressing
Chicken Salad Grilled Cheese
An Assortment of Gourmet Donuts
Chocolate macaron with Claire Saffitz’s Silkiest Chocolate Buttercream and caramel filling
Vanilla/funfetti Smash Cake
Alsatian Choucroute
southern veggie platter at High Hat in New Orleans
Steak &amp; Veg Nachos
bacon mac n cheeze 😛
Kimchi Cheeseburgers
Apricot-Glazed ribs
Baby You Can Chive My Car Burger from Bob’s Burgers
Almond Cookies
Pulled Pork sandwich. BBQ sauce, Hokkaido milk bread buns, pickled red onions, and coleslaw. All homemade.
Grilled Pork Loin
Chicken Parmesan with vodka sauce
Making special arabian mutton kuimanthi its very very tasty
DZ Mr Carlail
Chimichurri Chilean Sea Bass Served on Couscous with Taboulaehaeh
Creamy Udon
Here’s my  cake for my nephews second birthday. I normally don’t bake but I’m trying to get better making him a cake every year :)
Roasted chestnuts
Beef Barbacoa Tacos
Pub Style Guinness beef pie
chicken parm and penè
I smoked a bone-in, locally sourced, lamb shoulder in my Kamado smoker
Chicken Mix Surprise Roll
Wings!
korean feast featuring crab stew, kalbi, stir-fried anchovies, steamed egg, bok choy kimchi, mung bean pancakes, japchae, and spicy seaweed salad.

sourdough crust with spicy salame, old world, and regular pepperoni. Modeled after Matty Matheson’s recipe!
Marinated homegrown tomatoes with dates and goat cheese in a pesto vinaigrette
carne asada tacos w/ fixings
Matcha French Toast With A Green Peanut Butter Drizzle I Call It HULK TOAST WITH GAMMA BUTTER
garlic stuffed sirloin roast.
Seafood Paella
Cioppino
Turkey Club
roast pork tacos, Peruvian jalapeño sauce, pico de gallo, avocado, corn tortilla
Tuna Melt with Old White Cheddar
Chocolate Crackle Cookies
Lomo saltado (steak, onions, tomatoes, rice, and French fries)
Browned Butter Cookies with Salted Caramel Chocolate Truffles
Pappardelle pasta with spicy italian sausage
My  ravioli, also tried making a special little egg yolk ravioli (top)
My favourite food
Pine Nut Cookies
Sweet Potato and Chorizo Hash with Garlic Aioli
Hasselbeck potatoes
Matcha Cookie Cake with choux au craquelin and meringues
"Nazarene Salasiso" - sausages soaked in wine and spices
Squirrel Adobo Tacos
BeetRoot Tartar
Beef short rib Ramen
Italian Wedding Soup
Bar muffins
Scallops Pasta (Asian Style)
Glorious Brownie Lasagna
Tuna pica-pau with mashed potatoes. Sauce is citrus-mustard-butter-based.
blueberry pancakes.
sourdough cinnamon rolls in a Dutch oven
“” Bacon weave over whole chicken
Fettuccine with Oxtail Ragù
Pork belly drunken noodles
white bread
No-till corn culture #horsch
Cherry Tomato Pasta
Horror Dessert: Eating a BRAIN ICE CREAM
Bread
chicken katsu dinner
Cuban Style Lechón Asado
Carrot Cake.
Cuiburi de viespi (Wasp Nests)
Buffalo Fried chicken burger and Korean fried chicken burger
Kimchi Jigae (stew) Seoul Food
Chicken Shwarma Dinner!
Loving these cinnamon rolls!
Deboned and degristled 17-hour smoked leg of lamb
Angel Food Cake
Mushroom pasta
Orange Roughy with Lemon Pepper Cream Sauce I made last night
Duck Legs
an egg and onion sandwich for breakfast .
New Orleans oysters Rockefeller.
Turkish style stuffed zucchini.
I’m 13 and this is my  bacon burger burger sorry for bad camera quality I have an old phone it’s also
Sausage and Cheese Tortellini Florentine Soup
Butter chicken curry breads with a spiced yogurt sauce!
Delhi High Court Orders Status Quo On Future Retail- Reliance Retail Deal - BloombergQuint
Christmas prime rib dinner
Sunday Malasadas
Vietnamese Eggrolls Noodles.
Handmade chocolates
CheeseBurger with caramelized onions
Vegan curried vegetable chowder.
meat and cheese platter, provolone, Asiago, Brie, Genoa Salami, Hot Coppa, Sopressata salami and a pickled tomato and pepper mix
Omelette with breakfast sausage, potatoes, vegetables, and cheese
tonkatsu black ramen
pesto fettuccine and caprese chicken!
Shepard's Pie
A heart shaped Chicken McNugget
Fried breaded chicken with onion pomegranate salad and joghurt garlic dressing
Hot Pot Yellow soup base= Hong Kong style Curried fishballs by me Red soup base= Tom Yum made by mom
ricotta cheese gnocchi with a roasted carrot, dry sherry, garlic, ghost pepper cream sauce
Battered fish and celaric fries
Gus’s Chicken for Thanksgiving...Internship Life lol🐔🍗🔥💯
Franklin Templeton's repayments to unitholders start next week: 5 key investor queries answered - Moneycontrol.com
How to Cook Recipes: the Bagel
Fresh Veggie Peacock Platter. Its recipe requires Onion, carrot, radish &amp; Bell pepper.
Christmas Gift Apple-Blackberry Pie | Full Recipe | Jam Lab " or "[i ate
Sage Butternut Squash Soup (Infused 18 mg Critical Super Silver)
Sous Vide Parmesan Chicken with a Side of Green Beans Almondine
Steak &amp; Potatoes
minestrone
Surf &amp; Turf: Reverse seared filet mignon w/ spicy, cajun shrimp pasta
a butter croissant with a salted dark caramel latte
beef stew in a bread bowl.
Nutella Banana French Toast With Almonds | French Toast Rolls for Kids
Bbq tri tip, curry potatoes, grilled asparagus, garlic bread, and a garlic olive oil &amp; tomato arugula salad
Orange Chicken with Peanuts, Carrots and Basmati Rice
gyozas , just made 450 pieces all set for the winter .
Pancakes stuffed with chocolate ice cream and clobbered with bananas, cinnamon and maple syrup
Sumac Garlic Rack of Lamb with Homemade Apricot Infused Balsamic Glaze and White Bean Hummus
Begun Bahar || বেগুন বাহার || বাদাম বেগুন || Peanut Eggplant Curry
meat and cheese spread
Vegetable curry with basmati rice
Inappropriate Cupcakes.
Earl Grey Milk Tea with Coffee Jelly
Mini Apple Cinnamon Cornbread Squares
Thai Red curry
Lockdown Halloween party for my 6yo kid
Lemon blueberry cake
Tres Leches
Chicken potato finger
“Beauty and the Beast” themed cakepops and Chocolate covered Oreos.
Texas Barbecue Platter
Plum, cinnamon, and cream cheese Danishes on homemade puff pastry
Heart Shaped Macarons
Kale and Caramelized Onion Veggie Panini
cheddar and chive scones
Panna Cota and Raspberry Coulis
- Lasagna
Egg, arugula, avocado, pesto &amp; provolone sammy
Fish pie
Beef Carpaccio with capers, parmesan shavings and lettuce in mustard vinagrette
Shrimb pasta salad
Chocolate Babka!
Chicken-Carrot Soup
Salmon and Tuna Rice bowl
Cook for your self
Deluxe Nachos
Salmon, NY strip, Pesto Pasta, Roasted Kale
Avocado toast breakfast 🤩
Shoyu ramen
Roast Peri Peri chicken with lemon.
Chicken Curry w/ Rice
Cha gio (Vietnamese Fried Rolls)
Chef JJ Brisket Pulled
Hummingbird cake, so good
healthy tasty soup.
Chicken pot pie with cheddar and parsley drop biscuits
mini lamb burger.
Mediterranean Salad.
, Pan Tossed Cabbage, Dal Fry, Rice and Indian Bread.
Falafel and Mirmiyah (sage) tea.
Double Cheeseburger With Raw Onions
Here's how childhood neglect leaves generational imprint - Hindustan Times
An iced, sprinkled sugar cookie.
Keema Paranthas
How Juice is made and served in Pakistan, is it safe to drink Juice in Plastic Bag?
Get $25 instore credit on GoPuff,  free snacks.
deconstructed scotch eggs
Cardamom shortbread with chocolate icing and walnut pieces
Broccoli cheddar chicken casserole
A sushi burrito
Приготовление пузырьковый чай с молоком из ужасных вещей - Crazy Cooking...
Creamy Dill Pork Cutlet with Couscous and Broccoli.
Clam Chowder with leftover Hangar Steak
Chocolate and vanilla ice cream with berries
Turtle Cookies!
Liton's "" youtube
Lemongrass marinated beef with asparagus, rice, pickled cucumbers &amp; red onions and fried egg
Rustic English Muffin
thanksgiving dinner for my friends
smoked and quite divine.
"" Popcorn Chicken
Fried eggs and potatoes with baby eels.
i made Gordon ramsay scrambled eggs they were great!
Pinhead Larry French macaron
Evil Pesto Focaccia Bread.
Miso Ramen with Chashu, Shitake mushrooms, and Kimchi!
double cheeseburger with bacon onion jam
kimchi fried rice
BBQ Chicken Pizza
Donuts
Chicken a la Stefano: Baked chicken in garlic orange sauce with corn, roasted paprika, celery salad, apple compote and homemade chips. Served with Cabernet Sauvignon from Moldavia Purcari Chateau 2018.
Forgot about my fondue pots. Another (perhaps better) use...HOT POT!!!
Cheese burger
Tom kha, With shrimp and scallops
Sun dried tomato and chicken pasta
A5 Wagyu Strip
yellow peach and hawthorn
vegetable tikka masala with basmati rice and a slice of manakish
Mac and cheese with bacon.
Old fashioned Donuts!
Kid’s Meal quesadilla
Mushroom Melt - 2 x Grass fed beef patty, creamy mushrooms, slow onions, Swiss cheese, mayo
You must have "" somewhere in your title.
Chicken Parmesan Pizza
crepes
Devilish Deviled Eggs
Apple cranberry pie for a Blue Moon Halloween!
Butter seared flounder, tomatillo curry, sticky rice.
Coconut rice with braised tofu and a green onion salad
French Toast
A Midnight Dinner at The One-Le Meridien, New Delhi Pan Seared Tofu, Arrabiata Penne, Hyderabadi Paneer, Hot Chocolate
air fried Chips and salsa
burger buns with black sesame
Shakshuka on a bed of rice and sweet potatoes
shakshuka for dinner!
English Sunday dinner
Premium scannable fake IDs - Idchief.ph
Chicken Parmesan with red pepper and garlic alfredo and roasted artichokes
Lasagna and meatballs!
Surprise Nest Breakfast
Caprese Pizza
Little Mac Inspired Cheese Burger
My  Chocolate Babka was so pretty
Salmon Donburi
Bacon Egg and Cheese
Ziti With Sauce
Gambas a la gabardina, which is a typical Spanish snack that means “shrimp in a trench coat”.
Apple Pi Day Pie!
The prettiest thing I have yet to make, maybe ever.
One of my Specials at work The A1 Burger
Irish Soda Bread (recipe in album)
enchiladas
4 cheese pasta with Black Forest bacon
Soft pretzel with Everything bagel seasoning.
egg Benedict with salmon, unfiltered olive oil on toast and Arugula
White chocolate brownies
Japanese cream stew
soup
Buche de Noel
Kadahi Chicken
pork katsu with curry udon
Stir fry with home made teriyaki sauce.
Greek Semolina Cake with Ice Cream
seafood boil
Kimchi stirfry
eggplant parm
Catfish and Grits
Batata Vada &amp; Chickpea Curry with Seafood Pilau
Seafood Spaghetti
Pumpkin Spiced Swiss Rolls with Nutmeg Whipped Cream
10 Best Grilled Fish Recipes
Filipino Paksiw na Pata - Pork Hock
Pineapple Fried Rice
Burger, sweet potato fries and a Stella
Hummus, Tabbouleh, Shawarma with Falafel and Tzatziki sauce, made for date night
Firecracker meatballs
Chocolate chip Pancakes with Triple Berry Syrup and Frozen CoolWhip
reverse seared grass fed strip, roasted garlic, onions and sweet peas
easy one pot pasta - oven style! Just baked the Feta Cheese, Tomatos, Onions and Zucchini with herbs, oil and spices, mixed it up with spaghetti and got this amazing dish.
Donuts and moroccan Sfenj (Strawberry, Nutella and Lotus)
Veggie based everything sandwich with half drunk coffee
Kraft deluxe mac &amp; cheese with turkey kielbasa, oven roasted green peppers, frozen carrots &amp; dried parsley
Cashew Pesto Pasta
Texas style beef ribs
Dry chicken pho
Fried Mushroom Meatball
Fettuccini with bolognese sauce and freshly grated Parmesan Reggiano
Lemon curd cheesecake
10-strand round challah
These sourdough rolls are going to become an awesome clubsandwich later tonight
BLT Burger and irish cheddar
5 egg ham and cheese omelette with homemade hash browns and bacon
meatballs and red sauce.
Dry egg noodle with crispy wontons.
whole wheat bun burger
Calzone Vegan Recipe 🌱🦁 Oven Baked Folded Pizza
Pork Katsu with mild curry and rice
Chicken cordon bleu with a mushroom wine sauce and a side of roasted asparagus
karē pan
Bacon, Tomato, and Mesquite Ground Beef Quesadilla
Cheesecakes, Pav &amp; Trifle
Ramen, Tempura and Mochi
Made a lemon cheesecake filled cake for my best friend's bday!!
Cheese Burst Pizza Without Oven Recipe | Cheese Burst Pizza | No Oven Pizza Recipe
South Indian Dosa
Tomahawk ribeye mid-rare with green apple relish, bacon fried mushrooms, kartofler persillesovs and yeast rolls with honey cinnamon butter
Vienna Bread
Sweet and Sour Orange Pork Shiulder
Saucy pizza
Health meal 💪🏽 /
Blistering Poblano and Cubanelle Peppers.
Crawfish Boil
Pumpkin Cheesecake with cinnamon sugar graham cracker crust, Sour Cream sugar topping, and autumn sprinkles.
Charcoal grilled whole Tilapia
breakfast - Eggs, bacon, arugula, cheese, salsa verde.
Hand Laminated Croissants
Tuna curry
American Pancakes, thoughts?
Sirloin Steak with Mashed Potatoes and Lemon Pepper Broccoli
Pork Chops &amp; Rice
Cheesy Breadloaf with Garlic Butter Shrimp
Pork Vindaloo
Churros and coffee!
Panettone French Toast
Pork Belly, Mash, Creamed Spinach, Mixed Veg, Crackling.
Bí quyết pha nước chấm gà luộc, ăn cả con chẳng thấy ngán
Anyone here like brisket?
Skirt Steak w/ Chimichurri

First attempt at ropa vieja
Parmesan chicken, they look like nuggets but paired well with pasta prepared but didn’t take a picture of that. Second attempt making it and luckily they were delicious.
Kerala Chicken Curry with slightly deformed chapati
Scallop in lemon garlic butter sauce
Coconut cream pie
Beef Wellington, potatoes, and green beans.
Fried Oreos
tart
Lamb Souvlaki with Lemon Rice Pilaf &amp; Roasted Vegetables. Quick Tzatziki to finish
apple almond tart
Gnocchi and Brussel Sprouts
Moment before the cheese melted and the hot sauce was added
Rib-Eye Steak with Boiled Potatoes
rolls for dinner.
Yin and yang shark-coochie board
Chicago style pan pizza
Spinach and lemon Parmesan shrimp pasta
Fried eggs and bacon
Clams New England style cooked on a bed of embers!
Seasoned mixed vegetables (mexican style) with fish fingers
Bacon grilled cheese
Meat Board
Four Cheese Lobster Mac'n Cheese with Panko/Parmigiano Crumble
Garlic-Parmesan Zucchini Noodles
Reverting back to when I was five lol 😝😜
Smoked Jalapeño Poppers
Spicy chicken sandwich on homemade brioche bun
Beef stew Manapuas
the trifecta
fruity pebble macarons with French buttercream
Brunch for days!
Cheeseburger macaroni on a bed of mashed potatoes.
Croissant loaf
Thanksgiving for two! | The Pandemic Edition
Shrimp Tempura Bento Box
Slow cooked Warthog leg
Chocolate chip cookie cheesecake
Was bored and I decided to make  animal style shredded chicken
(Un)shredded beef with mashed potatoes!
15 Leading Women at the Intersection of Food and Technology – Food Tank - Food Tank
Triple chocolate brownie bites with Nutella Rocher and Milkybar
Cascatelli: a brand new pasta shape served with an all-day pasta sauce and Italian hot sausage
4 Cheese Macaroni
Grilled tofu, spinach and noodles | Easy low carb dinner recipe
I made mini apple pies
Spicy fried chicken sandwich
My smooth lovely pancakes 🥰
Strawberry kiwi pavlova
Creamy Cheese &amp; Veg Rough Puff Pastry Pies
Chicken Fettuccine Alfredo With Garlic Knots
I got diabetes by just glancing at this picture...
"" Palak Paneer a healthy and tasty quick recipe
Cream Puffs
Persian Stewed Butter Beans with poached egg and romesco
Jammie Dodger Blondies
Not Sunday Roast
gallo pinto
Easy Sheet Pan Greek Chicken !
Thanksgiving Roast Turkey
Saffron Pannacotta
Lattice and Pi Apple Pies!
Fish N Chips - Fresh Cod in Beer Batter and Twice Fried Chips
Brownie in a cup
Honey roasted apple pie
Bun Bo Hue
Tori no karaage (Japanese deep fried chicken)
Tangyuan with pork and veggies

S’mores brownies
this gf breakfast toast with poached eggs, avocadoes, tomatoes, back, greens, and garlic mushrooms
Brined, smoked chicken cushion stuffed with sausage, onion, and garlic
Mouse a Chocolate with Suggar Foam and Herbs on a “Fruitgarden”
chicken bacon lollipops, street corn
Popovers with powdered sugar, lemon, and French roast coffee.
Kimchi Tamagoyaki, Lap Cheong, and Sambal
pizza napoletana
Sylvester menu main plate: redfish, black salsify, pearl barley, chervil
Wild berry apple pie
Mozarella Chicken Sandwhich
Oven-roasted turkey and stuffing
BBQ pizzas with smoked pulled pork and red bell pepper (left only) on baguettes
Surf N' Turf with garlic confit mashed potatoes, broccoli, and garlic bread.
: hot dog fried rice
Crepe with condescend milk and cinnamon.
all these yummy snacks !! Have you had any of them ?
Pancetta Jalapeño Poppers
Crepe with apple filling. Pandemic making us all better cooks.
Sausage, egg &amp; cheese on buttered white bread
teriyaki salmon and blistered veg
Egg and mushroom for breakfast
Liang pi!
Biden to sign major executive orders on climate change - CNBC
Asian Christmas Eve dinner. Lobster and noodles, pork belly, sticky rice, sit fired book Chou, broiled salon with teriyaki sauce, Chinese chicken soup, and fried fish paste.
Crab Rangoon Pizza from our grill pizza oven
Made a chocolate tart today! Chocolate graham crust, chocolate filling, chocolate ganache topping. I call it, death by chocolate 😊
swedish meatballs, I guess I like them now
Beer and wings
Hibachi style chicken, shrimp, and veggies with fried rice
Dark chocolate glazed pumpkin pie with chocolate cookie crust
squid with potatos
Okay-ish Kinda Burnt Dumplings
healthy breakfast.
Veggie feast pizza
New York style Everything Bagels
Mongolian beef with white rice
kabocha squash hash
Cacio e Pepe pasta with Golden Cherry tomatoes and Italian Sausage
Hazelnut and chocolate chip cookies
Steakhenge Seared chuck roast for hatch chili pot roast in the instant pot.
our version of an asian style dish
Buff Chick Hot Pockies with the Mac N Cheese and Stuff...
Hot wings
Lamb Köfte w/sweet potato chips &amp; salad
Eggs over easy
5 double-yolked eggs this morning.
Made Côte de boeuf tonight.
Cured egg yolk
Hallacas
Fried green tomatoes
Bibibap
Tomato basil bisque with meatballs. Topped with mozzarella chunks and parmesan. Side of fresh english muffin-style bread.
So this is a super simple bento...
Galette with eggs, tomato and salad
Shredded Mozzarella!
Double cheeseburger with heavily buttered buns, ranch sauce, with side fries
Homemade beef burger
salmon sushi
tonkotsu ramen
Chocolate Brownie Overnight Oat Cups
Korean Wings
Marbled Chocolate Cheesecake Pie
Tofu French Toast Sticks w/Coffee And Cinnamon Sugar
Pasta, Fettuccini
Bolognese on fresh pappardelle pasta
Squid ink pasta with honey mustard octopus
Roast butternut squash and pasilla chilli soup (and a hot dog)
General Tso's Chicken
Rice noodle, chicken, veg and broth. Little video in comments too.
whole wheat biscuits, eggs,sausage, country ham, and their gravies
Sour Cream Donuts
insalata caprese!
Spicy Thai Soup
Cherry pie.
Kobe Beef
Enchiladas Nopales con mole
shish-kabobs
Smoked Boston Butt
Blueberry glazed cake donut from Blue Star Donuts in LA
Cheddar Jalapeno Bread
Dry rub and carmelized sauced ribs, brown sugar glazed sweet potatoes and roasted broccoli.
Buttermilk Fried Chicken Sandwich
Tiktok feta and tomato pasta
Cannoli Cake
Greek Youvetsi with beef and kritharaki
Sliders
mozzarella sticks half spicy with homemade marinara dipping sauce.
glazed Xmas ham
Ostiones A La Rockefeller (Rockefeller Style Oysters)
Banana Cream Pie
Leftover Birria over cheddar grits
❤️ ASMR Mukbang Eating food show 😍 | Hot Spicy Noodle Ramen ( BBQ meat,）...
Black bean enchilada
Grilled Pineapple/Onion Teriyaki Burgers, Sweet Potatoes side.
Roast Duck Legs with Fried Rice (my variation of Fried Rice haha)
Salmon Cakes.
Smoked pork ribs with a honey glaze
tomato soup that I made. Love the color of it so much.
Smoked brisket, applewood on charcoal
I almost didn’t want to eat it it looked so good
Bengali Rosogulla made of Milk and Sugar
Cheesey Chilli with Sliced Avocado
Gluten Free Pizza Pockets
"I Miss You" , "BillyNhutMinh" "
Citrus Cupcakes with Lime Zest
Sartù di riso
Hot fried catfish with a deep fried lemon, coleslaw, &amp; jalapeño hush puppies
almond macaroons with french buttercream filling in festive holiday colors. My initial attempt at making homemade macaroons
Rainbowcake i made for Pridemonth earlyer this year
NY street cart style chicken and rice
Beef Wellington .. far from perfect but I’m proud
egg, mushroom, and prosciutto pizza
Buffalo wing stroganoff
baguette with ham and cheese
Vegetarian Wok Noodles
My BEAST-loaf
Japanese Souffle Pancakes
god how I love Cane’s
Auga de Tuna
I  seasoned croutons.
Ahi Tuna Steak
Street tacos
Turkey Sandwich
YUMMMY nachos
Cheeseburger with Caramelised Onions and Secret Sauce on Homemade Brioche
Birthday Roll
The French Fry Bowl
干锅花菜腊肉 Dry Pot Cauliflower with Preserved Pork (a.k.a. Chinese Bacon)
Circular challah - L'Shana tova!
Hearty soup with Cajun andouille sausages
Beetroot fresh pasta with cashew nuts and dill pesto
Banchan
chocolate layer cake
Savory French Toast with homemade sourdough
Lemon Loaf
Smoked bologna w/ fried egg, grilled onion, American cheese on Texas toast + deviled egg potato salad
Half decent Wagyu strip steak
Chicken and Broccoli (Chinese Takeout Style)
French fruit tart
Pot roast with vegetables!
Short rib + Parsnip
The  thanksgiving feast I ate that my 20 year old son cooked single-handedly over two days!
Some juicy steak and some baked potatoes
Chiken ramen
Classic Italian Meatballs/ Marinara Sauce
cacio e pepe
Beef Stew with Rice
Tri-Tip tacos with grilled onions, peppers and cheese. All for my hubby’s birthday...
Salad Days
Chicken fillet with tomato and mushrooms in the oven.
meatballs and garlic bread
Kofta in Coconut Cashew Curry
chicken mushroom ravioli in piccata sauce.
Classic Beef Pot roast
Can’t wait to munch on this Vietnamese specialty meal
pumpkin crunch pie
leftover prime rib hash
Cookie cake. It’s been a rough week.
Bbq pulled pork w/ pickled onions &amp; grilled peppers on  soda bread with skillet potatoes and poppyseed coleslaw
Grilled B.E.L.T. on a Cheese Bagel
some cinamon cresants (idk how to spell that)
Prime Rib.
Yukon golds crispy on the outside creamy in the middle.
Dead maggot in my pistachios.. I feel sick
chocolate cake with cream cheese filling and chocolate ganache frosting
Chocolate cupcakes with dark chocolate ganache and fresh berries
World Food Cuisine
blueberry pie with all butter crust
Kale Caesar salad with capers
Double Smash Burgers
Roast Chicken on Bed of Vegetables
New Years Day prime Rib.
Persian saffron chicken with saffron rice
Roasted Chicken
Christmas charcuterie board.
Fruity Dessert - Honey glazed kiwi chunks with minty strawberry smoothie, pureed beetroots and apple slices topped with chia seeds and mint leaf
Tiramisu Chocolate Bars
Pizza Margherita
Choux with craquelin, vanilla bean pastry cream, whipped vanilla cream
beef Wellington was very good
Broccoli Cheddar with Potato Soup.
Guacamole, Mango Salsa and Tortilla chips
Dal bati churma
ChopSuey
Brisket
beef chow fun and egg noodles
Christmas Bonbons - Clockwise Gingerbread, Pavlova, Black Forest, Cookies and Cream, Brandy Eggnog and Hazelnut
Italian seasoned chicken breast, carbonara based mushroom spaghetti with fresh chopped parsley
Pizza with onion, olives and tuna. Made with a standard oven.
poke bowl
healthy food
Pepperoni Stuffed Crust Pizza
Sicilian arancini filling baked in puff pastry
Apple Strudel Inspired Cheesecake
Sharks Fish &amp; Chicken Chicago Style
Philly Cheese Steak.
Tahini Walnut Chocolate Ganache Bars
Máy cắt thịt đông lạnh ES – 300 là dòng máy thái thịt đông lạnh, thịt chín, giò chả.. cải tiến từ máy thái thịt ES-250.
Dutch oliebollen (oil fried doughballs with raisins and apple bits)
burger and fries. Food Photography always attracted me. The burger Photography was a memorable experience for us. Clicking a photograph for a restaurant is always challenging. For more visit : https://pixelographybyvj.wordpress.com/services/food-photography/
the best pie on the planet - coconut cream
Carolina Reaper Jelly Bean.
Gyudon 牛丼
Pumpkin Spice Cheesecake.
Spiced lamb rack with dal &amp; channa sag
miso soup
Nantucket Bay Scallop Crudo
Cast Iron Ribeye and roasted veg.
savoury pork bao with fried rice! Delicious and warm, each steamed bao was pillowy soft and filled with savoury pork and shrimp filling based on the flavours of Ham Sui Gok.
Pumpkin Pi
Moroccan Berber eggs
A beautiful creme de cassis,
Chicken and Spinach Quesadilla w/ Tapatio
carnitas &amp; pickled red onions
Cuban Lechon Asado
roasted lamb shoulder
Sourdough Load
chili with roasted vegetable soup base
Grape-leaves rolls stuffed with ground turkey, chopped kale, parsley and cilantro (no rice)
Short rib cacciatore with oven roasted asparagus
Smoked Pork Pozole Rojo.
Chicken and Rice
Bricohe a tete
eggs with onion and green pepper and bacon.
Galbi jjim (Korean braised beef short ribs)
I made some avocado toast
Chili with Club Crackers and American Cheese on Top
Portuguese octopus rise
Cinnamon raisin bread .
Chicken Tikka Masala over Cilantro Rice
shrimp and grits my dad made
Cookie sandwich
Bucatini Amatriciana
Crispy Duck Breast with a Blackberry-Cabernet Sauce
Easter icecream cake
Pork belly burnt ends
this half Italian Sausage half prosciutto crudo and rocket pizza with burrata
Some streetfood in my town.
My breakfast FT some leftovers!
Soyaki salmon with minced habanero and onion, white rice and green beans
Thanksgiving stuffing eggs benedict. Hollandaise sauce with eggs from my own chickens 😋🤤
Mardi Gras King Cake
Poached Egg Florentine &amp; Lobster Claw Benedict.
Chili
Pork Belly with Chicken broth Ramen
red velvet cupcakes with macaroons
Hamburger with Brie cheese, caramelized onions, mushroom and special sauce
Sushi 🍣
Turkey day leftover plate
Home Garden Manitoba Heirloom Caprese Salad Made With Genovese Sweet Basil, Bocconcini, Greek Koroneiki EVOO, Telicherry Peppercorn Grind &amp; Black Hawaiian Sea Salt
Masala lamb chops.
Cast iron &amp; blow torch sourdough naan
amêijoas bulhão pato 🇵🇹
NY STRIP 1.7 LBS cooked in a fireplace
Fried bologna sandwich with  tomato herb mayo
Gochujang and kimchi fried rice
Pork Chop with Spiced Blueberry Applesauce
Scrambled eggs with chives and scallions, bacon, and sourdough bread
fried chicken and black truffle chips
Goat cheese and garlic scalloped potatoes
"" Big Oak Tavern | Food Guide
Chef Johns Pumpkin Scones
Ratatouille! Attempt number one came out well.
7 different flavors of pie 🥧
Peach cobbler crumble ruined by overflowing peach juice. How to prevent this?
Seared Pork Chop w/ Brown Rice and Glazed Carrots
a lot of Candy
Pappardelle pasta with three cheese pomodoro sauce and home made pecorino/beef meatballs
banana chocolate chip streusal muffins
Rate my pie
Old Bay Shrimp with Butternut Squash, Red Bell and Onion
Coconut Dessert
Italian light besciamella, no butter!!
Hainanese chicken rice, and various vegetables
Swedish Kottfars Soppa (Beef, carrot, parsnip and potato soup) Delicious for winter days.
kabocha donuts with cheesy scallion cream
Cardamom brown butter banana bread with walnuts
Fried oyster po'boy, with lettuce, tomatoes and a remoulade on french bread
Miami Rolls
- 24hr Sous vide pulled pork (Binging with Babish)
Pumpkin waffles because I ran out of propane!
Candied Almonds
We decided to make a movie snack board.
healthy dinner 45
Bacon Vegetables and fruits Salad
Pork belly with crackling
Vietnamese steak breakfast on a pan (Bánh mì chảo) and Spicy noodles
wild mushroom and caramelized onions with gruyere cheese
kacchi biriyani 🤤
Schnitzel &amp; Spaetzle
Flat Top Burger
Bison meatball sub
Indian Breakfast Taco
baked pizza spaghetti. With Colby Jack and mozzarella cheese🤤🤤🤤
14 Hour Smoked Beef Brisket
BBQ Chicken, Garlic Bread, Corn
Scrap challenge: candied ginger and raisins bavarois with roasted almonds, and marinated melon.
"" .. Come fare i Burger Ripieni - Juicy Lucy Style
Beet Salad
Cheesecake Easter Eggs
Chicken thighs roasted potatoes &amp; asparagus W/ balsamic reduction
Filipino Beef Sinigang with Rice
Herring Milts on French Bread. Taste of childhood.
peanut butter &amp; nutella french toast swirls
Gulab Jamun Bundt Cake
Meaty red sauce with Cheesy garlic French bread.
alcoholic egg nog with vanilla whiskey, nutmeg, and cinimin.
Peanut Buttercup Sundae!
Let's have a Paella (Valencia Style....)
Braised Pork Belly
Chocoflan
Nashville Hot Chicken on Homemade bun
Wood Fired Honey Siracha Chicken
Fried Fish Sandwich
Woman ‘hisses’ back at her cat while trimming nails, viral video leaves netizens in splits - The Indian Express
bacon egg and cheese croissant.
Creamy maple squash and Sweet Potato soup w/ a brie,VT cheddar and apple grilled cheese
Another simple dinner.. grilled cheese with tomato &amp; basil soup
Anyone else peel gingers as perfectly as my bro does? 😂
I love bacon. And apple pie. Just need to work on my edges.
braised spring mix with caramelized onions and pork shoulder roast
Pav Bhaji
Tonkotsu ramen with chashu pork
Post workout meals in da box.
sweet potato gnocchi
Shrimp Cevuche
Ribeye + Thyme + Mushrooms
Hotdog bread
Lunch Ideas | 10 minute recipes
Dungeness Crab Roll
New York style cheesecake with strawberry coulis
Caprese salad with Iberico Ham
Korean Cold Noodles (Naengmyeon)
Breakfast Spam Musubi (Hashbrown patties bookending Spam and spicy scrambled eggs with a strip of seaweed tying it all together)
Homemade chocolate, cupcake 😋
Stuffed Crust Cheese, and a Supreme Pizza
4 mushroom risotto with a parmesan crisp (shiitake, enoki, cremini, and king oyster)
Rate this 1-100

Turkey and cold cuts sandwich
Cheesy sausages
Strawberry croissants
chicken tikka pizza
food
raspberry shortbread bars
Easy Bubble Tea using 2 Ingredients
Italian Wedding soup
Kimchi Jigae
spice cake with apple pie filling!
Pan Tossed cabbage, Dal Fry, Plain Rice and Indian Bread.
Fried Chicken and Sweet Potato Biscuit
Shrimp and grits
Roasted Chicken and Herb Dumpling Soup
I was so inspired by u/everythingbagellover’s  Wagyu Burger on Pretzel Bun
Nothing like a good poached egg! Slow motion runny yolk
Best formula for flu
a super delicious salami pizza
BBQ bacon burger with homemade garlic parmesan fries
Bacon, egg and cheddar, on a lightly toasted ciabatta.
Smoked Pork Belly
Mexican style Conchas

Reverse-Seared NY Strip and Garlic &amp; Cheddar Mash with Herbed Gravy
Beef Rib, Pork Ribs, Brisket, Sausage, Pulled Pork and Smoked Chicken!
https://ift.tt/3rwJEjD
Three Eggs in a Nest, Cheesy Tots, with Salted Avocado slices.
Strawberry Crunch Cakesicles
paneer tikka
BBQ and jerk chicken with roast potatoes and bacon garlic curly endive.
Tuna steak
Garlic Bread
steak and mash taders
milk chocolate peanut butter bars
pork meatball zoodles, garlic bread
Michelin Star Chef Recipe and Tutorial - Jacob Bickelhaupt - Grilled Dry Aged Steak / Smoked Pumpkin
BLT PIZZA!
Crème brûlée
Fresh burger buns straight out of the oven
Wet Italian Beef with Spicy Giardiniera and a loaded Chicago Dog
Brown basmati rice with baked portobello and asparagus
chocolate cake.
walnut shrimp/orange chicken/beef and greens/ jasmine rice/vegetarian chop suey. So many things at once.
Braided salted caramel and banana bread.
Sadly my neighbor passed, so I got to cooking for the family in town. My famous  Golabki. A Polish recipe for stuffed cabbage rolls. Cooking from my heart. Took me years to perfect the filling. Don’t worry I included dessert too.
Meat pies
That crisp side of burger..and everything.....Im going crazy even thinking that,that thing going to my mouth,and i bite it like a hungry lion,the juices.....i ate that THİNG already but I'm still thinking of it!
Pot roast sliders and potatoes smothered in gravy
Swedish meatballs with mashed Yukon gold and lingonberry jam
Latkes!
Pan Seared Chicken with Mexican Corn topped with a Poached Egg.
10% rye sourdough
Hydroponic Self-Watering radish microgreens in just 5 Days. Literally no cared required.
Chả Trứng Hấp - Vietnamese Egg Meatloaf
Smoked whole chicken with Meat Church’s holy voodoo rub! Was amazing
Midnight eggs, toast, and pan roasted potatoes with bell pepper and onion.
Pasta Trio. Gnocci with cashew boursin pesto, sausage rigatoni, fresh tagliatelle carbonara
Mentaiko Toast
Peach cheesecake
Ricotta gnocchi with browned butter sauce
Dutch parmesan crust cheese souffle
Ranch and beacon cheese burger
Pulled Pork Sandwich
Barbecue pulled pork on gluten-free buns
Cajun Seafood boil
spatchcocked turkey, sweet and savory yams, mixed veggies, fried potatoes, and turkey gravy.
Shrimp wrapped in bacon stuffed with cream cheese/crab/sweet and sour sauce. BBQ/Smoked glazed in a apricot and sweet/sour glaze.
Taco Tuesday!
poké with hot sauce.
flatbread pepperoni pizza with fresh mozzarella and a cherry tomato sauce
Creamy mushroom, chicken and rice soup
Pork Schnitzel with Chips and Salad
Garlic soy tuna steak
Spoonable Chocolate Strawberry Cake
seared albacore tuna, green beans and wasabi mash
‘Birria’ Tacos
Flower Cupcake Bouquet
Mac n cheese but not with Mac but Lumache. With garlic bread and a mini slider bun
18 Most Underrated Food Cities, According to Chefs - Time Out
Salted caramel cupcakes
mashed potatoes
Sous Vide Mallard Breast
dysfunctional chocolate chip cookie
Australian Wagyu Ribeye with Bone Marrow, Cured Egg Yolk and Roasted Garlic Compound Butter
grilled Cajun swordfish, garlic toast, fried halibut, French fries, onion rings, and cole slaw. She ate a seafood feast of shrimp, scallops and whole clams, and my tomato slices😉
cauliflowerrecipe with English subtitles
Paella night! Seafood and sausage...
spinach, chili, bacon and cheese omelette
BBQ Pulled Pork with Melted Sharp Cheddar and Chives over Tater Tots. Sauce is Honey Chipotle.
Vienna Wheat, Shaved turkey breast gruyere, sharp, cheddar, lettuce, avocado spicy aioli
CRAZY SALE ALERT!  Italian food, Top Carrabba’s Coupons &amp; Promo Codes
Chinese stew pork with marinated mustard green (mei cai kou rou), served with steamed nai bok choy and rice.
Lamb chops, Couscous, and Asparagus is a Quick Weeknight Dinner
pecorino and sage burger buns
My favorite childhood dish, jangjorim! Soy braised beef, stew until the flank is tender and falling apart over fresh white rice.
Fancy Top Ramen 10mn Lunch
Turkish Delight
buns to go with American Wagyu patties topped with homemade garlic aioli, Swiss cheese, and sauteed onions and mushrooms.
Pumpkin Cookies with Penuche Frosting
almond biscotti cake
10 Foods That Unclog Arteries ( Most People Ignore)
second lunch. A salad prepeard by a 13 year old chef in training
Eggs benedict and breakfast sprouts.
burnt crème brûlée
Chocolate cupcakes with marshmallow fondant
macarons, candy floss flowers and a sugar bowl.
Biscuits and gravy, avocado toast and fried sweet potatoes.
cinnamon applesauce cake with cinnamon apple crisps and cream cheese icing.
What is this discoloration on my frozen steak?
Pancetta before curing
Swedish Cinnamon Buns (Kanelbullar)
Veggie Pizza
Argentinian shrimp with pappardelle noodles in a roasted garlic and shallot white wine cream sauce. Topped with parsley.
chocolate mousse with spicy chili pepper olive oil 🌶️🌶️🌶️
Pan seared steak with mashed and asparagus
Kani Wrap
Porchetta stuffed with lemon zest, thyme and rosemary.
matcha cake!
Amount of spice my family requires for each meal. :)
Costco cheese pizza doctored up!
Steak and cakes
BBQ pork on Texas toast
Dry aged tomahawk and scallops
Grilled lobster with garlic &amp; parsley butter
ham and mushroom calzone from a homemade pizza oven.
Anabolic Chicken Skillet Nachos
Beef Qeema (Spiced Ground Beef)
dumplings
Conchiglie and cheese with meatballs
Brownies two way
A burger with fries
Nashville Chicken Sandwich (Avila Valley, CA)
chocolate cake with orange cream cheese frosting and fresh fruit
Chicken Fajita Penne
Shrimp Lobster Scampi
Brandy cake bombs with ground almond and covered with dark chocolate.
chicken parmi with pepper sauce
This Fruit Pizza!
Italian Red Meat Flavour Crisps
Orange Mandarin Chik’n and Mixed Vegetables with Brown Rice Noodles.
Ramen with chicken, scallion, black bean noodles and eggs.
Vegetarian Enchiladas
jerk wings
A Lobster Roll with Fries
Lamb curry
Traditional Takoyaki using my new pan.
Oak Smoked &amp; Reverse Seared Ribeye w/ Horseradish Twice Bake &amp; Jalapeno Popper.
Sourdough discard pancakes with whipped cream and a blueberry and raspberry compote
Chicken Bacon Pizza
2021 Tata Safari live launch: Tata's new flagship - HT Auto
Crispy Pan Fried Basa with Rice and Coconut Curry.
London broil, rice pilaf, and green beans. Forgive the spoon, all the forks were in the dishwasher.
Sicilian deli sandwich
Double Chocolate Banana Cupcake
Smoked Salmon and Mushroom asta.
'Shoot him between the eyes:' Smithfield healthcare worker fired over 'hateful speech' toward Joe Biden in viral TikTok video - WTVD-TV
Peperoni Pizza
Kenyan deep-fried Nile Perch fish
souffle pancakes ~
Shrimp tacos with cabbage and corn tortillas.
Double Stacked Buttermilk Biscuit with Double Egg, Double Gouda, Double Colby Jack, Double Bacon and a Tomato Slice
Japanese miso hotpot
Egg Burger
Crostini
Chinese style roast pork on rice
Dark chocolate and salted caramel cheesecake
Jalapeño Sausage Pepperoni Pizza
CNY Poon Choi
“deep dish” style pizza!
chicken and sausage gumbo
Teriyaki chicken and Asian style vegetables
Molly Baz’s gochujang chicken
Chili Dogs✌🏻
Cinnamon Roll Challah
Wonton noodle soup
Baked Pumpkin Seeds
roasted duck breast
a BBQ Platter
Lunch after gym: steak and leftover chicken salad
Pastrami.
Eat Healthy, Stay Healthy! 🍏🍀
Marmite, Cheese and Beer Muffins
Turkey and Dumplings!
Seared scallops, baked clams, stuffed crabs and shrimp scampi. Christmas Eve Dinner.
Menudo Rojo
My initial attempt at  ratatouille
Butternut Squash Tortellini /w Hazelnut Brown Butter
Rich Chocolate Cake Covered in Ganache Glaze
Fresh off the rocks green lip mussels, with all the vegetables from the garden. Fresh herbs, garlic and white wine sauce to cook in. Delicious.
Cherry pie that turned out amazing!
Cajun Mac and Cheese
T-bone steak for Valentine’s Day. Done cast iron method.
Tri Tip asada
Mac and cheese (the lighting made it orange - it is whiter in person)
grilled pork banh mi
My friend says that this is too pink, is it?
lamb chops (which took forever to balance)
Salmon Wrap
Roast chicken and asparagus!
Torta alle mandorle
Japanese Potato Curry
Christmas Dinner Coq au Vin
Lemmon Garlic Herb Pork Chop, Gai Lan with Lap Cheong, and Coconut Rice.
shrimp Alfredo pizza with roasted red peppers &amp; broccoli
Chicken cutlet on a roll with lettuce, and hot sauce with half and half’s.
Sheet Pan Pizza.
dinner roll slider and beer brat
Grilled Ribeye &amp; Veggies
Denver Nuggets Tweet of the Week: Monte Morris reacts to viral video of popular Youtuber impersonating his te… - Denver Stiffs
Bet It All On Black Garlic Burger
Delicious
Peanut butter blossom cookies with chocolate truffles, chocolate crinkle cookies with chocolate center and cookies and cream cookies
Szechuan beef &amp; broccoli &amp; shimeji mushroom stir fry
Honey Hickory &amp; Jamaican Jerk Pork Shoulders for Pulled Pork
Bourbon Spiked Eggnog
Buffalo tossed chicken tendies in Buffalo, Ny
Cacio e Pepe from the new Stanley Tucci's 'Searching for Italy'...
Raspberry soufflé
Greek(ish) salad
Breakfast smash burger
Philly Cheese Steak
I loved this and thought you all might too
Halloween Cookies
peanut butter truffles
Shrimp Scampi on Rice Pilaf
pizza for the day after drinking :)
chokolate cake
- Mutton biryani
Italian sandwich rolls
Spicy Chinese flat noodle soup
M&amp;M Cookies
Peanut butter custard tart with honeycomb and Belgian chocolate.
grilled chicken that my older bro made!
grape juice
this chicken shawarma platter
French Onion Soup with Gruyere Grilled Cheese
Cinnamon swirl bread
Juicy Lucy 1/2 lb charbroiled Cheeseburger
Rajasthani Thali
Carrot ginger soup with a dollop of lemony tahini and cumin roasted chickpeas
spice crusted whitetail backstrap
Pad Thai for Dinner ผัดไทย
Pupusas
Applewood smoked turkey.
Vegan Calzones With Tofu and Spinach Filling
https://ift.tt/2Y4SuID
Steak and Chips
Roasted Pig Head Taco Platter
chicken roulade, braised leeks, roasted carrots and cauliflower, cauliflower puree and parley oil
Fresh hand cut fries.
Currwurst and Spätzle
Blacken Mahi with Pineapple Pico and Salsa Verde.
Bacon wrapped, cheese stuffed, jalapeño peppers
Roast Beef
Chocolate chip cookies
avocado toast. (Because I’m a millennial)
Croque Madames I made for me and my parents
spaghetti pie
Chocolate Cream Filled Donuts
ChoCovid
Bacon-Jalapeño John Poppers
Sourdough Pretzels
Socorro American Federation of Teachers honors viral video teacher who died of COVID-19 - El Paso Times
Steak &amp; radicchio salad with blue cheese and smoky salt flakes
this everything baggle breakfast pizza
Swedish Semla
black angus rotisserie chuck roast.
Apple Dutch Baby Pancakes Recipe! (Sliced Apple Skillet Pancakes)
Peruvian Chicken with Lime Parsley Rice and Multicolor Cauliflower
8 Hour Slow Cooked Chilli Con Carne
Chicken soup. Lemon, ginger, and plenty of veggies.
Korean Beef bowl
white chocolate Christmas trees filled with pistachio cake, vanilla bean caramel, vanilla buttercream, toasted pistachios and white chocolate crispearls.
Penne &amp; Cheese Bake
Cubano Pizza
Even my food isn’t safe from politics!  eggs.
Making  Baked Feta Pasta From TikTok
Panko breaded Chicken Florentine with truffle potatoes and green beans “”
Cheese soup with croutons and chives
Shrimp on a spoon with Avocado, mango, Soybeansprouts, sesame, soysauce, honey and chili
Baked potato soup
An Open Faced Spicy Fried Chicken Sandwich with Honey and Coleslaw on a Buttermilk Biscuit
Rolled Egg Omelette
Fruit Tart with Peaches, Nectarines, Blueberries and Blackberries
Pan fried cod with black pudding and pea, mint &amp; chilli purée
menudo. Straight flames in the icy weather here in atx.
japchae (korean glass noodles)
KBBQ
Honey Tahini Challah
chocolate glaze apple cake
Meatballs, grandma’s style.
Melt-in-Your-Mouth Chuck Roast
Pasta and Broccoli,Cauliflower
Carne Asada Fries
Chocolates ❤️
beef stew with garlic cheddar biscuits
Chocolate cookie.
Squid and a cuttlefish
Mike Madigan urges his successor to resign — two days after engineering his appointment - Chicago Sun-Times
Personal Pies - Cherry
Pasta Primavera
Among Us Sugar Cookies
Onion rings
butternut squash risotto with blackened scallops and salmon!!
samyupsal
Christmas cookie tree!
Ham and Swiss sliders
Daydreaming about opening my own croissant shop
Spent the morning at my friends eco farm! This is what we made from a few of our provisions we sourced there. Poached and peppered duck egg, with green heirloom tomatoes and goat cheese, on Sarah Lee artisan toast...because were just fancy enough but still down to Earth and shit.
Tried making fried Korean chicken (Dakgangjeong)
Mini Rose Apple Tarts
Shredded Chicken Tacos w/ Chipotle Mayo
Peri Peri Turkey
Marble Rye Bread w/sunflower seeds
shiitake/miso broth soup w/ crispy tofu and all the fixings
Braised Lamb Shank with Risotto
Rigatoni w/Roasted Chicken, Broccoli, Sun Dried Tomatoes &amp; Feta
a breakfast sandwich.
Nigiri/sashimi platter for my gf and I.
Savory crepes from scraps: ham-mushroom-carrot-cheese filling with leftover salad and cottage cheese.
Peking duck, three ways
Pancake cake
hummus w/ sumac &amp; paprika, beet &amp; yogurt dip w/ za'atar, walnuts &amp; feta, cucumber raita, roasted cauliflower, carrots, &amp; onions, hawayej chicken sautéed in goose fat (thigh &amp; breast in Yemenite spice mix) &amp; pita bread
Homemade Pesto fettuccine
Mushroom Galouti kabab with sheermal crisps and cilantro foam...
Burger
Orange Cake Recipe
Delicious carrot laddu.
chocolate brownies with dark chocolate chunks and homemade salted caramel sauce.
mise en place for a carrot and ginger soup
Tua Krob Kaew
The thought of food is usually a great comfort to most of us while the idea of dieting to lose weight is somewhat of a drag. Yet we know that bodies that build up fat around the vital organs are a disaster. Fatty livers, for instance, can lead to cancer while other organs, such as the heart,
Chicken cutlet sandwich
Cold cut platter
Pepper steak with rice
(Homemade) Giant Yorkshire Pudding.
Pita pocket scramble thing. Eggs, cherry tomato, diced beef, red bell pepper, green onion, caviar(not the super fancy kind)
Cheeseburger topped with a latke
Stuffed figs
10 اسرار لعمل احلي واروع ملوخية ناجحة و مش ساقطة،😂😂😂
Grilled Cheese with cheddar, Gruyere and Parmesan
Ahi tuna and green beans
12 hr braised ox cheek
Hello Fresh Sirloin Steak, Wedge Potatoes &amp; Asparagus
Made some simple bacon cheeseburgers~ :)
Christmas Snack Board
creamy dill salmon pasta
caramel popcorn.
Karaage chicken
Lemon chicken with spaghetti squash
Papdi Chaat
Nuts and Bolts - Just like Grand Mother would make during the holiday. I think making it actually brightened up the season a little.
Beef short ribs and side
My attempt at homemade ramen
Buddy's Pizza
How to make easy tasty sesame chicken
boiled egg for lunch because I'm broke af.
My impromptu take on spicy miso "ramen"
egg spamwitch
Cold Ramen
Vegan Bacon
English Breakfast Wrap
M&amp;M Snack
Gingerbread Cookies
“A Good Manchego is Hard to Find” burger and fries. Inspired by Bob Belcher.
Pretzels with Cardamom Honey Mustard and Peanut Butter Brownie Dip.
Caramel Apple Cinnamon Rolls
BBQ pulled pork burrito bowl
Creamy Feta and Spinach Pasta with Sourdough Garlic Bread
Chicken sandwich on a pretzel bun
Lemon Blueberry cupcakes with Mascarpone Whipped topping
Chicken patties easiest recipe without oven
Gluten free Cafe style potato wedges
Homemade nigiri, maki, and California rolls
Lemon herb salmon puff pastry, lettuce n purple onions w dressing of anchovies, cracked black pepper, balsamic vinegar, evoo n shaved Parmesan
Making roast turkey at home!
A Lunar New Year "Reunion" Lunch (Granny's best!)
Bavette steaks from Butcher Box
hamburger, eggs, and veggies. Topped with a little hot sauce.
Summer Cobbler with Corn, Tomatoes, and Bacon (Afghani Kush Infused Corn Drop Biscuits, Sensi Star Infused Bacon Fat)
A bowl of tonkotzu ramen, served in my local japanese ramen shop
Baked salmon in lemon and dill sauce, with mashed potatoes and a simple sallad.
Sweet Chicken
spicy chicken sandwich with black garlic aioli on homemade Japanese milk buns.
Spinach, cheddar and mozzarella omelette.
ramen, I think it turned out well.
This is a school project
- Breakfast
Leftover meatloaf with eggs.
chicken burger
Steelhead trout, garlic/parm mash, and corn/asparagus succotash. Healthy yet decadent &amp; economical.
There’s never a wrong season for pickled shrimp!
Ravioli Uovo / Egg Yolk Ravioli
Citrus-herbed butter oven baked rockfish
Sous vide flank steak, Cobb salad with smoked blue cheese.
Filet Mignon sous vide in a marinade of butter, rosemary, garlic, and red wine. Paired with salad and a cheesy potato hash. Can’t forget the bacon.
wheelcakes from oh my wheelcale
I made my family’s favorite Thanksgiving dessert: Pecan pie
Scotch Eggs in air fryer
500gm (17oz) eye fillet steak with garlic and herb butter.
Thai pasta salad with peanut sauce
maple syrup taffy
Prosciutto wrapped chicken stuffed with goat cheese, thyme, and bacon.
pasta bake
Kangaroo with sour cream mash, broccolini and a bone broth shiraz reduction
BLT with cheese
Turkey burger with tzatziki on brioche
Punpkin Pie with Eggnog
Pizza Dough. Any advice would be much appreciated!
wild blueberry and lingonberry crumb pie
my favorite, xiao long bao / soup dumpling :)
Shrimp and grits with pico de gallo and a poached egg.
Sous Vide Flank Steak for Fajitas
Chocolate Lava Cake (SPOT Dessert Bar in NYC)
Bowl with tomato bulgur, spicy chickpeas, roasted carrots with cumin and smoked paprika, yogurt sauce and poached eggs.
Chicken curry on Basmati rice Garnished with cilantro
cold days require split pea soup with dark and light garlic croutons
double bacon green chile cheeseburger.
Veggie Hot Pockets
Vanilla Bean White Chocolate Macadamia Nut Blondies
Creamy pumpkin soup with some mozzarella, grilled buns and pumpkin seed oil - best eaten in the evening with rain behind the window.
Pineapple, Raisin &amp; Courgette Cake
Pan Seared Oven Baked Chicken Breast.
Pastrami, Swiss, sauerkraut, dijon mustard, on toasted sourdough.
Chaffles &amp; Bacon with Monk Fruit Syrup
chicken burgers with salt and pepper chips!
Honey roast duck
Broccoli Cheddar Soup
Homemade Tonkatsu! おいしいよ
Cajun fried Flounder and Cheese Grits.
butter chicken gravy !
Creme patisier and strawberry jam doughnuts
sweet and sour pineapple pork
Creamy tomato ginger soup with grilled cheese
Pork sweet and sour
Assorted Cupcakes!
butter-basted thicc bone-in ribeye + banana for scale
Nicaraguan Gallo Pinto aka Rice and Beans. Served with crema and smoked cheese
Castiron Fried potatoes with biscuits and gravy
Cedar Plank Salmon two ways. Gochujang (front) and PERi-PERi Garlic (rear) with grilled veggies and rice
Japanese Autumn Kaiseki
Jumbo lump crab cakes
Tuna and Broccoli Pasta
Korean Cream Cheese Garlic Buns
Oven baked pizza!
pao de queijo
Nashville Hot Chicken and Waffles with Bourbon Barrel Aged Maple Syrup
https://ift.tt/3t0iyTp
Pulled Pork and Smoked Queso Nachos
Tilapia cakes
I Turned The Smelliest Fruit In The World Into The Best No-Bake Pie | Smelly Good
dressed up frozen dumplings
Grilled lunch.
Veggie Christmas tree
Masaaki’s Sushi
Pepperoni and Bacon Cast Iron Pan Pizza
Spicy noodles with sliced steak
RICE , cooked it all buy my self, will h different nice spicy
omelett
Christmas Ribeye
ratatouille for Rosh Hashanah! Not a traditional dish, but it’s kosher and was the only thing I could think of that would please everyone!
steak, roasted garlic mashed potatoes, jumbo argentine red shrimp, roll
broccoli cheddar soup
Lemon and Cardamom Olive Oil Cake
Happy Pi Day !!  raspberry key lime pie
peppers at my neighborhood farmers market
I cooked an English Full Breakfast.
'The Big Mac' from McDonalds.
cocoa &amp; fig nut butter
CHICKEN ROASTED BIRYANI | CHICKEN BIRYANI,
this cheeseburger
Are you a Pancakes Lover? here are 5 healthy recipes!
Steak and Fries
Temaki rolls with miso soup.
Duck, sausage, ham hock &amp; pork belly Cassoulet
Spam and Rice &amp; Spam Musubi.
Arugula soup with Squash over Kale, drizzled with a Tahini Sauce.
Chicken noodle soup with instant noodles .
Prime rib roast
The eye of cthulu biscuit
Chocolate-Peanut Butter Mini Bundt Cake
Italian Potato dumplings.
Diner-style chili cheese dogs and home fries
Mango Sticky Rice
fresh beans and garlic soup, rosemary roasted potatoes with pan grilled steak, and a saladmix of sauerkraut with kimchi hot sauce, honey and ginger
Happy Valentine’s Day! Lemon Bundt Cake ❤️🍋❤️
Chicken paprikash as done by a terrible food-photographer.
brioche with chocolate and frangipane cream
Spaghettini Primavera
Sunday Brunch Medley
Seared Rib-eye, Roasted Potatoes, Garden Peas and Harissa Aïoli
Kålpudding. A swedish cabbage meat pie with potatoes and gravy
extra long fettuccine and honey mustard Spanish Mackerel
" homemade, mozzarella dogs
Taco's
This cupcake “bouquet” I made yesterday
maki: avocado, cucumber, toasted panko, scallion, boiled shrimp on the inside. Topped with homemade spicy miso mayo
Sourdough 3 Cheeses Pizza
Vegetable tart in a potato flan case
Steak and eggs with roast potatoes, squash, and onions
italian tortellini
Funky Fungi 🍄 PB-J
Roast beef
Lemon Roasted Chicken with Buffalo Mac n Cheese
Pasty with turkey, sweet potato, onion, and stuffing with a red wine gravy
chicken potato soap
Italian Sausage w/ Swiss Shard over crunchy bread. A bit of chili flakes and juice for sopping....
Korean Honey &amp; Butter Fried Chicken
Ghost Pepper Mango Jelly
How to Make Banana Pancakes
small pizza and pizza balls stuffed with cheese and jalapeños
Shoestring French Fries
healthy italian dishes
Mississippi Pot Roast Sandwiches
hot fried chicken sandwich
Hawaiian Pizza with Pineapple and Canadian Bacon
Salted caramel and banana babka.
Birria quesadillas
Roti
Homemade Birria Tacos
Baked wings and angel hair
Maple Bacon and Eggs w/parsnip hash browns
corned beef, cabbage, mashed potatoes, and homemade rosemary dutch oven bread
French Pancakes | Crêpes
Chocolate chip walnut cookies
Chicken katsu curry with hapa rice
Steak, baked potato, &amp; asparagus
Beef Roast from the other day. Came out great 😀
mushroom cream gnocchi for my cake day!
Hand cut french fries
Catfish baked with cajun seasoning and hot sauce
Nuss-Strudel
Creme Brûlée
T-Bone and pork in the back
Marbled Millionaires Shortbread
Pork Barbeque
salsa verde
Spam Gau Gee fried goodness and spam!
shittyfoodporn level camera and lighting, but pretty good smoked ribs
Cranberry curd tart with Hazelnut crust.
Honey Walnut shrimp with some fried rice for dinner, and it both looked, and tasted amazing ✨
I hate onions. Onions are in everything. What can I make (besides  sauces where you don't even notice them) to change my mind?
Shrimp scampi with homemade noodles
ground turkey tacos made with fresh corn tortillas and a brussel sprout salad topping.
Smash cake, almond cake with whipped cream cheese frosting and raspberry filling.
Kentucky Manhattan
Baked clam with cheese, Lumpia and Breaded pork with Japanese curry underneath
Đồ Chua (Pickled Daikon &amp; Carrots)
~5lbs, ~5 hours
whole roast duck
Apple tarte
Pulsitos salad
Try those foods
Brown butter method Filet mignons
BBQ ribs, brisket, and jalapeño-cheddar brisket sausage
Cinnamon Bun X Croissant.
Smoked side ribs
Sticky rice moon cake
Roasted chicken breast, garlic and chive mashed with sour cream, and steamed brussel sprouts tossed in a lemon vinaigrette and parmesan.
Chocolate éclairs
ever make something so good you could replicate it because you never measure any ingredients?! Happens to me always. Here’s my 4 meat 4 bean chili.
Leftover Lasagna with Pasta
brisket, short rib, oxtail, ground beef bolognese braised for 7 hours
Different way of making a Cesar salad
chicken korma with raita dressing
Lemon cake with lemon curd
My autumn-ish breakfast: sweet potatoes, spicy beans, avocado, and 2 fried eggs.
80's style prawn cocktail.
Orrecietti and short-rib ragu. Short ribs braised with red wine, tomatoes and rosemary finished with toasted almonds, pecorino Romano and rosemary blossoms. Yeet.
Grazing Board we made!!!
Pizza with feta, kalamata olives, pepperoni, and basil
Vanilla cake with mixed berry filling and vanilla mascarpone frosting
walnut
Viral Video of Toddler Trying to Secretly Mouth Marker Too Relatable - Yahoo Lifestyle
Fougasse
Chocolate Pudding
Spicy udon noodle salad w/ blackened ginger-Ahi tuna
Beef Ramen 🥢
FRY BAGEL! SO DAMN GOOD!
Butter de la Mantequilla
Made some baked fries today!
Quiche with prawn and mushroom
Shrimp Vegetablestir fry
crayfish and summer salad
Fried whole Mangrove Snapper with collard greens and roasted potatoes
Garden themed cookie set!
Waffles, by me.
Chocolate Flan Bundt Cake.
Shrimp Po' Boy
buttermilk pancakes with bacon, berries and maple syrup
Roasted Vegetable Baked Ziti
Biscotti morbidi al limone
Lime marinated skirt steak tacos with spicy guac and sour cream
Chocolate Peanut Butter Oatmeal Cookies
ethiopian food
Alfredo pasta with garlic bread
24 month cured prosciutto
Vegetarian Tortilla soup with a side of Fruit and Bread
Mini pizza on Italian bread
Hyderabadi chicken biriyani :https://youtu.be/aVHBvwF6z80
fresh strawberry cupcakes 🍓
Viennese cheesecake
12oz ribeye w/ crab and pesto butter
Shrimp Chow Mein
Dark and Milk Chocolate Panettone and Sultana, Cranberry, and White Chocolate Panettone
Salmon with spinach and mushroom in alfredo
General Tso’s shrimp, bok choy and noodles.
Steak With Rice
beer cheese and brat soup
shrimp lobster scampi.....omg so good
Girl Scout S’mores cookie cheesecake.
Tortelloni di Ricotta with Brown Butter and Sage
Arroz con Pollo y Carne with refried beans, Mexican style rice, and cheese dip
All Butter Croissants
Picture for attention. I like to substitute veggies where ever I can. Peep the zucchini noodles. What are your favorite veggie substitutes?
I made Basque burnt cheesecake with a berry sauce
Japanese rice cake “Mochi”
omelette and pancakes in the Smokey Mountains
Turkey Cheeseburger with Sweet Potatoes as the Buns
Clementine Chestnut Trifle
Blackberry, raspberry, and blueberry pie
Sous Vide Pork Tenderloin, Asparagus and a Sous Vide Egg
5 Spice Pulled Pork
Iceland's Kim's Ostepop
Duck Masala With Coconut milk!
Corn &amp; Shrooms filled Momos with Ginger Garlic Chutney
Chicken crunch wrap supreme. Garlic Mayo.
Gnocchi Poutine (farmer sausage, cheddar curds, beet root, and red wine gravy)
Chili Cheese Dogs
I (15) made filet mignon with mashed potatoes and asparagus
not as good as the food here, but i made soup.
Jalapeno Cheddar Muffins
brown butter pumpkin spice cookies with pepitas &amp; smoked Maldon sea salt
Potato Latkes with 3 different toppings
Tupig, A Filipino Rice Cake
Stuffed Peppers and tomatoes
general tso’s chicken
Bison and truffles
Quesusdillia
Vanilla Cake Pops with a mint chocolate bear on top.
macaroons
Crepes Suzzette
After months of loneliness I adopted this little guy. Meet Frodo.
This is called Dutch oven bread. Probably because it's cooked in a Dutch oven.
I made fried chicken burgers for staff meal.
Sour cabbage rolls and nalysnyky!
chocolate brownies with yuengling Hershey chocolate porter frosting!
Naughty Pizza
Crispy on the outside, soft inside.
speedrun croissants! I made plain, chocolate, and hot dog
Smoked Spicy Chicken Wings
So,  Escargot!
Pequod’s style cast iron pizza with a caramelized cheese crust.
PSA: Toast your 🌯
margherita pan pizza
Charcuterie board for 2 people
this epic avocado with like no seed
Beef Bourguignon
arancini with beef, peas, sauce, and cheese
chocolate brownie
Smoked Snack Sticks
Breakfast Tostadas
Onigiri filled with some chicken and veggies
Pickles and kraut
Baked our egg tarts perfectly!
oak smoked and then grilled chicken wings with ghost pepper seasoning.
Wheat Pita Bread
roasted vegetables and panko &amp; parmesan crusted chicken.
Bibingkang Malagkit (Filipino sticky rice cake)
Homemade Arancini
Extra cheesy fries with bacon and caramelized onion (mostly hiding under the cheese)
Puppy’s Thanksgiving Dinner
I made sushi
Breakfast Pizza with Italian sausage, Sunny Side Eggs, Bacon and Spinach!
Raisin Baked Bagel with Spicy Omelette.
Double Decker BLT
Agrumes &amp; Piment d'espelette Macarons
Spiral French Fries
Afiyet olsun 😋
Galentine's day lemon bars, pecan raisin muffins, cheese straws, blueberry scones, and more!
Ginger and tumeric curry with chicken and noodles.
Rasgulla recipe
Japchae with bacon
In n Out! Double double chopped chili’s fries and root beer Side.
Rustic Vegetarian Jumbalaya with peas corn tomatoe mushrooms (I’m a meat lover but this one was tasty!)
German Pancake (aka Dutch Baby)
Chicken Fajita Filling
Salmon and Potato’s
Beef Stuffed Napa Cabbage Rolls
More than 10 veggies chicken soup
Cheese Crusted Chorizo Breakfast Burrito
Mugcakes
Beignets with chocolate sauce
Korean Chicken &amp; Halloumi Burger
Air Fryer Irish Soda Bread Scones
Poha Kebab Recipe in Telugu అటుకులతో ఇలా డిఫరెంట్ గా టేస్టీ స్నాక్స్ రెసిపీ చేసి చూడండి
Lotus cheesecake, not the prettiest but I’m just happy it actually set.
Authentic South Indian Dosa Batter Recipe।क्रिस्पी कुरकुरा गोल्डन दोसा रेसिपी|Perfect Dosa Batter
Bread~
Buffalo wings
Bacon Cheeseburger
Game Hen, Apple-Ginger Panko Stuffing, Cheese-Turmeric Whipped, Asparagus
Brussel Sprouts Topped Off With Bacon
Chicken cheese enchiladas
vegetarian soy noodle soup
ginger molasses cookies
Chirashi Sushi Bowl!
Avocado and Poached eggs on toasted rolls
Vanilla clotted cream fudge
What we do and don't know about new coronavirus mutation - Deccan Herald
How to become a  in the food industry!!
Potato Leek Soup
Gulf shrimp and mussels. With a side of the mods r kuntz.
Lunch. Cauliflower, pomegranate and pistachios.
Black and Bleu Burger
Dragonfruit
Malloreddus (gnochetti Sardi) with sausage and fennel ragù
Zuppa Di Mare
Parmesan Asiago Waffle Burger
Banana Pudding Cream Puff
Tossed salad.
Rigatoni all'Amatriciana
Samosa
Ribs &amp; Mac
A5 Wagyu Feast
Best curd balls ever
appetizer spread
Spicy Kongnamul Muchim (soybean sprouts kimchi)
Who understands???
Chili
Apple Cake With Almond Flour
Moroccan Harira soup
Ube Waffles
DIY Cannoli
Potato peels: from today you do not throw it - Nature benefits
Baklava is the traditional dessert in our family for New Years. What’s yours?
Slow cooker beef roast and gravy w/carrots and potatoes.
Mango Diablito at Mexico International Border
- When your family lives two states away during a pandemic: vegan chicken nuggets (sorry), mashed potatoes w/ country gravy, green bean casserole, cornbread muffins, absolutely no cranberry sauce (not sorry)
Very happy with my debut Beef Wellington
Christmas Dinner including Chateaubriand Roast, Creamy Herb Chicken, and Mashed Potatoes
smoked ribs
My Tuna salad I made make for lunch sometimes. Nothings too precise, but I think it works.
Dinner for a Heart Attack!
stuffed acorn squash.
Steak and carrot pie
Nachos with spicy smoked queso, fresh salsa and beef picadillo. Soooo good.
Deviled eggs with jalapeño
Health benefits of anise tea
Stuffed Peppers!
Matcha cookies
Roast dinner with beef rib and homemade gravy
Artichoke Soup à la Barigoule
Easiest Pulled Pork
Fried plantains
Chicken ramen
Chicken Royal Burger from Burger King
White and Dark chocolate marbled brownies
Smoking Ribs
Chicken Strips with Curly Fries Topped with Honey Butter, Green Onion, Sesame Seeds
Matcha Mille Pastries with red bean paste
kung pao chicken 😋
50% wholewheat Italian fusi istriani with spicy Arabic mutton sauce
French Onion Soup. A family Christmas tradition I’ve decided to continue.
Stuffed Cabbage Rolls
spicy shredded pork ramen
Japanese curry with omelette rice.
Duck with a plum and port sauce
Homemade Dan Dan Noodles
Pork tenderloin, gravy, rosemary potatoes, steamed broccoli
tiramisu without eggs
- Lamb shoulder on the Wall of Fire
Garlic bread and Parmesan dip
sushi for valentine's day in lockdown
Spent the day making a rack of BBQ pork ribs and fresh biscuits to go with them. Absolutely delicious.
Steak fried rice
Mapo Tofu
balkan potato pie
a5 wagyu for Japanese bbq
Reginelle with mozzarella, tomatoes and fresh basil
Indian traditional soup
Tod Mun Goong- Thai Shrimp Cakes with Plum Sauce
Rice Porridge with Pork Meatballs
Hand decorated Chocolate Mint Christmas cookies.
Nachos topped with cheese sauce, bacon, fried chicken and smoked bbq sauce.
Woman shares her Filipino culture, food to help others - Titusville Herald
Turkish Gozleme- Feta, Spinach, and Beef Flatbread with Fresh Herbs and Tomatoes
Pizza , pic taken in oven
smoked brisket and ribs, lobster bisque, roasted sweet potatoes, mac and cheese, and mashed potatoes
For anyone else that needs a break from the election, I present to you “Jabba the Hummus”
Chateaubriand Steak
THE BEST Shepherd's Pie Recipe - Easy and
Gyoza
Parmesan Garlic Lemon Pepper Boneless Wings
lobster mac and cheese
MrBeast burgers
Curry leaf Chicken Recipe
Garlic Shrimp Pesto, Muenster Cheese
Classic Fudgy Brownie
stir fried Udon&amp;Fish Nuggets
Makhandi Halwa || Makhadi Halwa Recipe || Makhadi Halwa Recipe In Urdu B...
bbq chicken thighs with potato puree(garlic, butter green onion) and a cucumber&amp; cherry tomatoes with basil
dal-rice-raita-chips
Pan-fried Salmon with Garlic Butter potatoes, Broccoli &amp; Carrots

Gigi Hadid's recipe for spicy pasta alla vodka.
- Fish Fry n Gril | Vanjaram fish | Two types of masala - 2 types of taste
Slightly Modified Talharim A Carbonara
Dutch apple pie. Not the prettiest looking, but so good!
I baked a pie.
Buffalo Chicken Fries
BLT with homemade mayonnaise
crispy bacon and eggs :)
Crispy pork belly tacos with Oaxaca cheese, avocado, onions, and jalapeños
Meal includes: Steak, Asparagus, and onions.
Italian sausage and red bell pepper pasta in a smoked gouda and chili flake creams sauce
New York Strip Steak with Gorgonzola sauce
Tandoori stuffed crust pizza for date night
salad with endives
Meal 01
Roast quail with tubers and grape sauce
Linguini Carbonara
Snowbits Nougatty Treats
Shrimp Penne Mac N Cheese
Steak Sub
herb marinated Salmon
Gallo Pinto
Pastel de Choclo
Teryaki oyster glaze King prawn fried rice
oreo funnel cake
wild tiger prawns with eggs, minced homemade pork sausages and spring onion, fried black n white rice with vegetables and shirasu, curried Spanish Mackerel
Chocolate 18th Birthday Cake
witch finger cookie! lady finger with matcha icing
cheesy potato and ham soup
Bratwurst Braised in Beer
slow cooked pork belly with aromatic‘s and root vegetables in the drippings was insane
Seafood feast
”Alice” themed cherry pie with sanding sugar topping
Slowly getting it down!  Fried rice like 10th attempt
Grilled Cheese with Tomato Sauce
Midwest dinner: beer cheese soup from North Dakota, potato ring sausage from Minnesota, homegrown tomato from South Dakota, and homemade soft mall pretzels from me. Sweet gherkins to cut the richness.
Pork, chorizo and smoked cheddar meatballs with chunky tomato sauce, and penne.
Hummus with dried tomatoes, feta, anchovies and sourdough bread.
Filet w/ bearnaise, twice baked potato, asparagus and zucchini
asian dish
Gochujang beef chuck and mash potato
7 day brined beef brisket for Corned Beef and Pastrami
Chorizo Torta.
Pork Roll, Egg, and Cheese on Everything Bagel
Onigiri with pork filling and topped with toasted sesame seeds
cheese and tomato pizza.
SPONGE CAKE
Acadian Nova Scotian Seafood Chowder
Balsamic Roast Duck
Sunny side up eggs, sausage, mangu, picled red onions, avocado, and spinach salad. I need votes for an amateur chef competition I'm in! (https://favchef.com/2021/stephan-meyer). Vote for free with Facebook or vote and donate to Feeding America!
a lobster roll from Dave’s Lobster in Nova Scotia, Canada.
Mexican chicken tinga
Baked Char Siu Bao
Quiet night alone and a charcoal barbeque
Bundt-marblecake
USDA Prime ribeye cap, medium rare. Asparagus with lemon, bacon fat, Parmesan, garlic, and black pepper. Mushrooms with onion, thyme, bacon bits, red wine, and the secret: soy sauce.
Strip steak &amp; pork belly
buttercream cake
Kashmiri Chicken Kanti, Lebanese Mountain Bread, Cucumber Carrot dip and Yoghurt-Mint shake.
Milkshake
Air-fried pork belly
charbroiled oysters
Chicken Schnitzel, Coleslaw &amp; Lemon
fried rice with pepper chicken and sweet plantain. When Puerto Rico meets China.
Space Sugar Cookies
roast beef; Sous vide 136 degrees for 21 hours. Top round
Cheese omelette, toast, cold cuts and a salad
Just about the best roast beef and Yorkshire puddings I've done to date
Linguine w/ Garlicky Shrimp
cookie dough cake frontal
Gin cured salmon
Pizza 50 Kalò
scallops
Scrambled eggs, home fries, sausage links, French toast and whole grain toast with butter
Cheeseburger Macaroni Skillet
Cajun Inspired Chicken Cacciatore
Red White and Blue Cheesecake to celebrate Biden’s Inauguration!
Grill roasted whole chicken
Blue Cheese ice cream
Teriyaki Noodles with Tofu and Veggies
Chicken in coconut noodle soup
Rum-Cake Bread Pudding w/ Caramel sauce
lasagna
Katsu chicken, poké bowl, street corn
All inclusive hotels have some nice food aesthetics
Canadian Breakfast
Chocolate mouse with candy Raspberries
Fettuccine alfredo with scallops
Prosciutto &amp; arugula pizza
cream of mushroom soup with garlic toast
Hot Sauce With Scotch Bonnet Peppers
Italian sausage, cheese bread with peppers
Pork and Napa Cabbage Gyozas
Sunday Gravy Lasanga with Parmy Bechamel
Chewy chocolate chip cookies
Gnocchi “”
spinach and ricotta ravioli served with marinara sauce
INDIA vs ENGLAND 2nd Test Day 4 Live: Virat Kohli's India on road to victory, follow Day 4 Live Updates - InsideSport
King Cake
Dinner Tonight
Low Country Boil.
Been looking at all pics on this page and i hate to admit it but covid times have been pretty rough and ive been wanting to get groceries for the house for my mom and sisters i apologize if it isnt on topic but please pm me if interested, if not thank you for hearing me out!
Smoked fried chicken biscuit w/ a gochujang honey glaze and sweet slaw
Home Fries
Sugar Covered Soft-Baked Peanut Butter Cookies
do you guys like it
Messages like this from my wife are why I cook
Takoyaki with a dab of wasabi
A simple yet awesome breakfast. Great way to start the day.
Roast pork belly and homegrown vegetables.
Sega Taiyaki
beef and potato empanadas
in n out burger co. simple single stacked instead of double double.
I cooked dinner according to a USSR cook book
Crispy Fish Nuggets
👨‍🍳: 🦃today🔪we make turkey cutlets🍽
Cast iron potatoes, onion, and cheese
Marmalade and dark chocolate ganache tart (gluten free) (OC)
Danish kransekage, a new year's speciality
Duck breast with Herb rice
cioppino on Christmas Eve.
Montreal Style Everything Bagels
- My Birthday Cake (Strawberry Shortcake)
Crash Bandicoot sugar cookies
Turkey soup!
tacos.
My grandma  mooncakes
Ăn gì giảm béo, giảm mỡ bụng
Cup noodles
pumpkin spice latte tart with a ginger cookie crumb crust! Topped with whipped cream, ginger cookie crumbs, and a star cookie.
chocolate dipped red velvet cookies
Assorted Brownies
Beef roast
Veggie Egg Bake
Spicy cream ramen with tofu
Ginger/Scallion Pork Meatballs, Smoked Pork Consommé, Grilled Bok Choy, Pickled Chilies, Radish, Cilantro.
phō
Piney Spinach Salad
Spicy McNuggets!
Omelet with cherry tomatoes
Bison Bolognese
Cheeseburger - quarter pounder, thick cheddar slices, tomatoes, olives, rocket leaves and ketchup + mayo
Thai curry with sweet potatoes and chickpeas on jasmine rice.
Chocolate covered cream puffs
Bread pudding
bacon
Halloween cake couple of years ago I made it
Friday Slow Cooker Pot Roast
Birria Tacos!
Malaysian Massaman Curry
challah
Campfire skillet eggs
Cote de boeuf
Pork chops, Rice, Mustard Green and chili oil
Miso ramen with tonkotsu broth and kakuni
Oysters Rockefeller
Wok monkfish with glass noodles
Vegetable Broth
Portobello Burger
carrot cake
Fluffy Pancake Triple Stack
pepperoni and sausage pizza with extra cheese
Redurrant, mascarpone &amp; elderflower tarts
Cordon bleu.
Fries with Aioli.
Shrimp in Cajun Cream Sauce w/ Veggie Confetti Rice
Cream cheese stuffed French toast
chiles en nogada y ensalada de Couscous (15 de septiembre)
BBQ Rib Steak, Chicken Ceasar Salad, Loaded Baked Potato
Butter Chicken with Rice
tuscan fish stew
Roast venison haunch, glazed carrots and parsnips, red wine gravy and Yorkshire puddings.
burger bar for dinner tonight!
Spicy Chilaquiles and Refried Beans
fully loaded Cesar. Too much? 😂
Pizza Hut Pizza, without Pizzastone or Pizzaoven
charcuterie slab.
roast pork belly
All of this!
Chorizo and Onion Omelette with Provolone Cheese
Pancakes with a smiley face :)
Turkish Apple &amp; Walnut Pie
Old Chedar with Montreal Smoked Beef Grilled Cheese
Murgh Makhani and fresh naan
A Simple Deluxe Sandwhich
Bacon cheeseburger and home fries
How key states plan to secure their capitol buildings ahead of possible armed pro-Trump protests - CNN
Burrito Bowl With Bbq Chicken, Brown Rice, Sautéed Black Pepper Chilli Spiced Onion &amp; Peppers, Tomatos, Hot Salsa, Mozzarella And Cheddar, Avocado And Crispy Tortilla Strips
Pep and Jalapeño thin crust
Marshmallow &amp; Chocolate Chip Cookie Brownies
French-toast
How to prepare  healthy pancakes?
Crab stuffed salmon
Orzo with bacon, peas, and feta
Coca-Cola Wings
Crustless Spinach Quiche
From scratch fried perogies
banana cream pie
Earl Grey and Dark Chocolate Profiteroles
slow cooked bacon
Chantilly Berry King Cake
foie gras on herb toast with a fig, black currant, balsamic reduction.
pogácsa (fluffy cheese snacks) made with my 2-year old
Bundt cake with ginger wheat beer molasses
Butternut squash Mac n’ Cheese
Pea, za’atar and feta fritters
Wonton Soup
Pecan wood smoked baby back ribs
Farmers Market bounty grilled-smoked local sausage, sweet chilies, avocado, corn in the style of Mexican street corn.
Fall Kale Salad with Apples, Pumpkin Seeds, Feta and Maple Tahini Dressing
checkerboard cookies
Chocolate and Salted Caramel Tart
shrek in his swamp cake
Hallacas made with my family. A Venezuelaa dish. More photos in comments.
Two crab cakes, cheddar, slaw, avocado, and remoulade on a pretzel bun.
Open Pastry Recipe
Rich short rib stew + garlic buttery mash
my attempt at the Peruvian dish, Lomo Saltado (steak and french fry stir fry)
Brisket Tacos
Be excellent to each other.
Roasted cauliflower and sweet potato slices with braised beef chuck but also Pinot Noir.
Lobster Rolls: Maine prep on right, Connecticut prep on left
Thai Hotpot!
hot dogs with yeast buns
Festivus Pizza.
Carmel popcorn cupcakes
Thai coconut honey lime chicken with jasmine rice and steamed broccoli
Rice Balls and Croquettes
Peanut Butter and Chocolate Chip Cheesecake with Orea crust and Reese’s Cup topping.
Fresh peaches, maple ice cream and granola.
Honey Pork Ribs
Brazilian Picanha and Picanha com Alho
Vanilla glazed donuts
Mongolian beef on a bed of rice
Tonkotsu Ramen 36hr broth.
Chipotle braised brisket taco
Any other  Plov fans?
Fried Chicken Sandwich with Pickled Onions and Sales Greens
Dino Nuggets Curry. Got inspired by the top post
Masala Fried Garlic Lobster with Chapati
Filet mignon with shiitake mushrooms
Sesame Chicken and Steamed Rice
Confit duck, pork belly &amp; sausage cassoulet
cheesecake with apple pie topping
Meet, cheese, crackers, &amp; other goodies charcuterie board!
20 lbs of fried chicken legs
Bacon wrapped, cheddar jalapeño poppers
Crunchy Garlic Pork belly Carbonara recipe by Gabie Kook
does it looks attractive ? Chocolate Cheese cake IG@epicurelodge
turkey
Canned chili nachos (pre-bake)
Chicken Tenders with Sriracha aioli
Samgyeopsal Pork Belly Korean BBQ
Smoked Brisket and Roasted Garlic Mac &amp; Cheese
German cake
Cream Biscuits n Sausage Gravy
Roughing it at the cabin. Ummmmm
homemade chocolate chip banana muffins ✨
I ate Mac n cheese
Pepermintinis!
Tequila lime drumsticks.
Shakshouka with a homemade everything seed buttery soda bread
Fat Choy Burger.
Mozzarella-Tomato Sauce Slurry with Pork Sausage Accoutrements, enveloped in a Pizza Dough crust, topped with a sprinkling of Olive Oil, Mozzarella Cheese, and powdered Garlic
Easy to make - copycat double crunch wrap supreme
Pancakes with strawberry topping and Vermont maple syrup
Chicken and peppers fajita mix
Peanut Butter &amp; Coconut Balls
Swiss roll
boiled cheese pancakes (Hungarian recipe)
Eggs in fresh baked sourdough with squeezed orange juice
Crab with ghee and lime
Cast iron steak with béarnaise; thyme garlic roast potatoes; pear and kale salad with Roquefort blue and toasted walnuts; and cranberry pecan bread from local bakery
Local Deli Reuben
Salted, seasoned &amp; baked Pumpkin Seeds
Orange and raspberry polenta cake
chorizo sausage
OreoBrownie and snacks
my favourite sandwich
Beach Cake Attempt
Creamy Chicken and Potato Gratin
Braised pork rice
“Detroit” Style Party Pizza
Rice &amp; salted yogurt
Colored Cheesecake #cheesecake #cooking_cue
Garlic Shrimp Noodles
Coconut Lime and Passion Fruit Cupcakes
My Thanksgiving Potato Flower
Crispy honey chicken wings
I cooked these for my family, do you think they will like them?
Garlic Butter Focaccia!
Chocolate Protein Pancakes with Golden Apple and Crunchy Almond Butter Topping
pecan roll
Peking-ish Duck
https://ift.tt/2Y4SuID
Uni-Don
Tataki-style steak, ponzu sauce, seared salmon sushi, and wild rice.
festive sugar cookies!
vanilla slice
Do you like spicy?
Pizza grilled cheeze
Gooey triple chocolate cookies
ham and egg breakfast sando on a toasty demi baguette with smoked cheese sauce
Chicken, black pudding, ham, mushroom, and olive pizzas!
Tangerine cake with vanilla glaze.
Cheesecake with pineapple topping
Farro/beef bowl with mushroom gravy and poached eggs
Nachos with dad :)
Swiss cheese and white wine fondue
Pequads copycat recipe, sausage and pepperoni with a mozzarella crust
Vegetarian Curry
Scrambled Eggy Weggs
homemade duck 🎄
What tf is this? Found this on wish £0.35 had to Google translate the description from Spanish to English. Apparently it's an artisinal doughnut from the Mexican state of Guanajuato. It takes a month to arrive and im a afraid of what ever the fuck this is. Any ideas? is it safe?
Halloween macarons
four cheese pizza
Fried smelts and cucumber salad with a sour cream and mint dressing.
BBQ Rib Panini
Harry Potter inspired birthday cake.
Limoncello preparation starting today. See you in two weeks.
I Made: Saffron risotto with Lobster and smoked Bacon for Valentine's Day.
Crispy pork and cabbage dumplings hello
Chicken Teriyaki
Smoked Buffalo Pork Belly on a stick with blue cheese.
Cajun Crab Imperial
Special eggs Benedict! Happy Thursday!
Cannabis Chocolate Chip Cookies
Clam Chowder, Fried Ipswich Whole Belly Clams, French Fries
I bought some gochugaru a few weeks ago and I’ve been obsessively cooking Korean food since (spicy braised tofu - dubu jorim)
Tortilla Chips Seasoned With Chilli Powder
add me: @sluttypolly69
Hawaiian pork ribs and vegetable fried rice
Protein pancakes: egg white and oatmeal
Soy teriyaki honey wings, with miso blue cheese dip.
Cheesy scallop potatoes
Kimchi garlic fried rice and lumpia
Lemon
Marinated, fried Tofu
Steak &amp; Eggs
cheeseboard.
Chicken Curry with Zucchini and spinach over rice
Austrian Kaiserschmarrn (cut-up and sugared, very fluffy pancake with raisins) with applesauce
Cobb Salad &amp; Dressing
Canadian Thanksgiving BBQ.
Может ли эта УЖАСНАЯ еда спасти его жизнь? Crazy Cooking ACMP cтоп моуше...IND vs ENG, 4th Test, Day 2 Live Score: England On Top As India Lose Virat Kohli, Cheteshwar Pujara .. - NDTVSports.com
Cast Iron Pan Pizza
Pernil
Cupcakes
Nice Chinese food:Lantern Shrimp🏮
corn tortillas chips
slow cooked BBQ brisket on toasted brioche buns, with sides.
Grilled Top Sirloin Steak
Moussaka for Christmas supper!
Spicy baked ziti with chorizo and ground beef.
Toddler Interrupts Mom's Weather Report In Adorable Viral Video - NDTV
Tamagoyaki Omlette
I thought this belong here
a corned and roast beef sandwich w/ bacon, lettuce and board sauce on a French roll. Re-uploading because taken down.
First time making my dough! Not the prettiest but my nieces give it a thumbs up. Cooked on a Weber grill
How To Make Veg Fried Rice Street Style Recipe 2mint
THE PARMO (Oversized Fried Chicken smothered in cheese)
Candy board and snack charcuterie!
Cheap but healthy college student chicken noodle soup
Chorizo Thin Crust Pizza
Carrot Cake Muffin with Cream Cheese Frosting
ish Mini Triple Chocolate Cakes with Vanilla Icing!
Tonkatsu
Cheese platters of this NYE
Pizza bianca with zucchini and artichoke
Ispahan - raspberry lychee in rose petal buttercream macaron.
Spaghetti with meat sauce ( a little extra on the side)
new years setup
Chocolate Cake and vanilla buttercream
Surf and Turf Sandwich

Bro tried to make cookies ended up with brownies
Steak, mashed potatoes, and tasty veggies with sautéed onion and tomato mix.
Kluna Tik making SIREN HEAD, AMONG US with Clay and the Surprising Endin...
some Stromboli.
Ramen with Beef Steak and Spring Onions
Pork meatballs With teriyaki pineapple sauce with stick rice and coal slaw!
Lasagna (was too good looking so i ate a bit)
Rice with Thai curry, broccoli and seared mushrooms
Cách nấu cánh gà om bí đỏ ngon không thể chối từ
Ramen
Tomahawk
Cheesesteak "wit" onion and extra white American cheese.
Fiery Braised Duck Wings with Honey Hot Sauce (Chipotle/Date)
chicken burrito bowl with all the fixens
A&amp;W
Crustacean Risotto shallot, garlic, tomato paste (or ketchup substitute) Arborio/carnaroli rice, Any single or mix of crustaceans, Chicken, fish, or vegetable stock, Tomatoe, Calabrian Chiles, saffron, Green onion garnish
Fry bread, ham, egg, and cheese sandwich
Coffee, Bagels, BLTs, Pizza and Fish
Creme Brule, with biscotti
- Pepperoni Pineapple Jalapeno Pizza
Crispy ham hock terrine, Parsley emulsion, pickled onion, fresh apple, fried capers.
Not So Chinese Chicken
this, poutine when I visited a year ago in Montreal
Terry's Choc Orange Cheesecake
traditional carnitas tacos with pickled radishes
Rosemary bread
chicken vindaloo, garlic naan &amp; mango lassi
Bison Sirloin Steak at Hunters Chophouse
Filet Wellington à la Gordon Ramsey
Chickpea and sweet potato burgers!
cumin rubbed pan seared lamb chop
San Choy Bow with Crispy Rice noodles and Pomegranate Roasted Duck with Stir-fry Beansprout Noodles
chicken tortilla soup! (Sans tortillas) Happy New Year!
peppermint meltaways
Lentil enchiladas with zucchini instead of tortillas
recreation of the Wendy’s tavern burger with homage fries and cheese sauce

Biscoff Cookie Butter Ice Cream
Omelette Du Fromage
Delicious Snowflake Crisp recipe
non traditional eggs Benny loaded with veg
Chicken and yam
Bilal Saeed addresses viral video on Twitter - Geo News
Uttapam with Mint &amp; Tomato Chutney for Breakfast
Char Siu, Daikon Kimchi, and Eggs on Rice
Baked Sesame Balls Filled with Red Bean Paste
Pepperoni pizza. Cooked on a pizza stone on the grill.
Spicy Chicken Sandwich
NIGERIAN FRIED RICE RECIPE | HOW TO MAKE NIGERIAN FRIED RICE | BEGINNERS...
Shrimp aglio e olio
40 hour Korean beef bone broth soup
Butter basted Rosemary and Thyme Sirloin with Fingerling potatoes and Cesar salad.
fried chicken rolls with garlic sauce
got an early birthday gift from the family so here’s a white pizza
toad in the hole! Yorkshire pudding is an art to master 😅
Grandma's rum raisin soda bread
Cornbread. Literally just getting into cooking/baking.
Sourdough pancakes with cinnamon apple topping
Lemony Greek Roasted Chicken, Potatoes, and Asparagus
Milanesa in Argentinian style.
Ragu Bolognese with Pipe Rigate
https://ift.tt/2YyFStn
my mother in law is half Jamaican, half Indian. Her cooking is amazing!! Curry chicken, homemade roti, fried plantains, mango chutney.
Terribly plated pan seared dry aged beef with  Demi glace, brown butter garlic mashed potatoes, and king oyster mushrooms cooked in the strained out solids from the sauce espagnol, red wine, red wine vinegar, half and half, etc.
The giant cookie recipe went so wrong..
corn tortillas, half chorizo and half sautéed mushrooms with homemade poblano crema and salsa roja.
fudge brownie cake
Tilapia salad.
Portobello and Roasted Red Pepper Paninis
Falafel
Country meats pork stick review number 1
Salted caramel cake I made for my 28th birthday 🎂
10 Thanksgiving  Charcuterie Boards That Will Make You Say “Oh My Gourd!”
Grilled peach and watermelon salad with a balsamic reduction.
i forgot to turn oven after 30 min
Lamb shank braised for 3.5 hours in Guinness and beef broth
Deep-fried Corned Beef Riceballs
biryani/tah-deeg fusion
baked Salmon w Potatoe truffle mash and sugar carrots
french toast, bacon and raspberries
Biden's speech on Inauguration Day, annotated - CNN
Cornish Hen
Szechuan chili oil
Tried my hand at a NY Strip Steak
Lamb Shank Madras
chorizo mozarella gnocchi
(Home made) Spicy poke with avocado salad
Herb crusted sirloin tip roast with gruyere and cheddar potatoes au gratin
toppings plates for taco night
Before class omelette
stress eating Korean rice cakes and ramen
Cilantro lime rice with black beans, asparagus, and bbq chicken. Meal prepped
Indian Pani Puri
tortellini, sausages, asparagus.
Carbonara, of sorts.
grilled bone-in buttermilk chicken and roasted eggplant
Reindeer filet, chanterelle sauce, roasted jerusalem artichoke, fried kale with garlic and sweetened lingonberries.
Number cake
wild boar flautas
steak &amp; seafood mix
homemade burger.
Charcuterie with seitan ham
Spaghetti with shiitake, chicken and cream.
Floral Clementine Cupcakes w/ Buttercream
Oven Picanha
Roasted Brussel Sprouts
Vegetable curry with basmati rice
Black Truffle Croissant
"Appalled": Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella, US Lawmakers On Acts Of Hate Against Asian Americans - NDTV
Spaghetti with a ground beef/italian sausage meat sauce
bruschetta on homemade bread
Sicilian style pan pizza
Heart Pizza
My favorite pizza: with Pepperoni, Peperoncini, and 4 Cheese
Grilled chicken and bacon sandwich with caesar salad
Swiss, Bacon &amp; Mushroom Burger
Bison Big Mac
Smoked Kurobuta ham
Picking carrots
Potato Pancakes
Rocket Pesto Pappardelle with toasted walnuts
i made this Homemade Risotto and thought I’d share
Sirloin Tip Roast with jus, cheesy broccoli mash and roasted taters
One pot pasta
""Eggnog French Toast
a very hearty breakfast
Brazilian grill
Chocolate babka.
buttermilk chicken tenders!
Coriander burgers with Sriracha mayo on a brioche bun
Cherry and Apple smoked beef ribs
- Pizza, anyone?
pancakes
chocolate cheesecake with chocolate ganache and chocolate whipped cream
CHILI-CRISP. Love the deep color on this!
Chocolate orange rosemary tart.
Kimchi Udon with Scallions
Want Perfect Scrambled Eggs? Then Don't Scramble Them
Banana bread @kellzcakezz_
French « Tarte aux quetsches » I have made today ~
Vegetable and Cheese Pizza
The beginnings of Marsala Sauce
Chicken stir fry and veggie fried rice (also a begging pupper)
a tasty chicken sandwich
Apple Pie Bar
Homemade Kabsa ""
Family meal vegetable starter plate
Sourdough Pretzel Bagel
Chicken Tikka Massala and Cilantro Lime Rice!
Reese's pieces brownies
mac n cheese, mashed potatoes, and brussel sprouts
Khinkali (Dumplings)
Cheese Burger with Bacon Onion Jam and Mayo Pickles
Grilled Pork Chop
Grilled cheese &amp; tomato soup
Tiny Pancakes
Simple cachio Pepe
surf and turf tacos
Just some Cauliflower fry and Warm milk
Calories in Almond milk Vanilla
Kefta Mkwara! Meatball and egg tagine
hearty Veggie Toscana Potato Soup with smoked Beef &amp; Pork Ribs
Kadai Chicken with rice
Chicken Katsu bento from Gingko Katsu
My  sourdough loaf is the yeast of my problems
8lb Bone in Boston Butt
Roasted Lamb Shanks with Rosemary, Thyme and garlic
This Powerful Plant or Supplement??
Cinnamon Craisin Bread
Popcorn and Honeycomb trail-mix (with froot loop garnish)
Beef Stifado Stew with Ciabatta
Hey r/food, I made a  dish trying to make the healthiest pasta possible (Kale Pesto) - would love to hear what you think! Did i do well?
Schweinebraten
autumn kaiseki
Moroccan Tomato-Egg Recipe
late breakfast charcuterie and tea
Strawberry rhubarb pie
vanilla cake with cookies dough in the bottom (no chocolate chips tho ) &amp; some ice cream
Tiramisù a classic italian dessert
NY Strip steak, loaded baked potato and corn on the cob.
Tahini stuffed aubergines
Seafood Mix 🦞 🦐
Macarons, Pre-Valentines Day Edition
Egg Curry
Tomahawks for Christmas Dinner
charcuterie for two
Wife of Joaquin 'El Chapo' Guzmán arrested on drug trafficking charges at Virginia airport - NBC News
sunny-side-up eggs and oven baked bacon
Bangers and Mash
Misal Pav Pune
COM TAM SAI GON (ข้าวหัก) - VNThaiFood -
Taco de Alacrán
braised pork shank
My attempt at making Beef Wellington! Super proud of how it turned out.
Cream of asparagus soup
Smash Burger
Japchae-- Korean glass noodles with stir fried veggies and egg
Toasted Tomato, Berkshire Bacon, Lettuce and Chipotle Mayo Sandwich
Wild Caught Pacific Salmon Topped w/ Garlic Salt, Bootleg Seasoning With Ranched Califlours on Side
Sweet Corn Risotto, with Lamb Sirloin
Pita, Carrot Salad, Grilled Peaches and Balsamic Chicken
Re-Buy Steaks
Blackened Salmon w/ Crispy Skin, Garlic + Butter Sautéed Green Beans, Served over Risotto
Posted yesterday that I was going to use my sofrito in rice. Some  salsa, empanadas and rice
BBQ ribs, sweet potato fries, and slaw
Shokupan
Traditional  Middle Eastern simple lunch. Good for hot days and quick to make. Tabouli salad and macaroni in a garlicky coriander yoghurt sauce.
Thai Yellow Curry
Pastrami Sandwich
Creamy squid udon
Bún bò Huế
spinach and ricotta stuffed manicotti with arrabbiata sauce
Delicious stirfry my roommate and I made!
BBQ Baby Back Ribs
Fried Okra and yoghurt dip
Fall Corn Chowder and Bread Bowls.
Homemade Cheeseburger with freshly ground beef
a pizza cake
chicken stock (I hate electric stoves)
Buddha's Delight. (Type of vegetable stir fry with black fungus)
Jalapeno poppers with whipped cream cheese and turkey bacon.
Lamb chops with Dill Sauce and Parsley Potatoes
Oreo and Lindt Lindor Brownies
Beetroot Pasta with Feta and Pine Nuts
Chicken Parmesan and Linguine Alfredo
saag with no paneer
Arancini with a taleggio center
Koi Coconut Cakes for Chinese New Year
Carrot muffins
Shake Shack burger
basil clams, crab, garlic peapod shoots, beef
Shrimp and Grits
half peach half blueberry pie
Chinese Platters
Blackberry crumb bars
brussel sprouts with walnuts
crispy salad :)
Are you done with turkey butties? Make a ramen instead.
SNACKS IN SOUTHWEST VIETNAM - https://vnthaifood.com/snacks-in-southwest-vietnam/ -
Egg Fried Rice with SPAM
Stuffed button mushrooms
Valentines breakfast.
Karaage + Kimchi
A really creamy , easy and fast dessert idea
Shrimp Potstickers
Pancakes
The Inside of my Apple perfectly reflect what I feel inside
crocodile curry
Blueberry stuffed french toast. Good morning 😋
Porchetta stuffed with fennel, apples, olives, and parsley. Finished with an almond parsley pesto.
Honey Brined Turkey
Pistachio-Mint Beef Kofta with Dill Yogurt Sauce
Strawberry Short Cake
vegan mango tart
Prosciutto Butter Sandwich - best sandwich out there
Kruidnootjes (Dutch spiced mini cookies)
fried chicken sandwich with fresh pickles, spicy Mayo and broche bun
Enchiladas
Elk burgers on  jalapeño and cheese buns.
In N Out Inspired Burger
ஸ்ரீவில்லிபுத்தூர் பால்கோவாவை வீட்டிலேயே செய்யலாம்! இது மட்டும் போதும்!!
Taco de Chicharrones con salsa verde- Cracklin taco with salsa verde
Ginger lime salmon with ginger rice and roasted sesame broccoli
brown butter sage ricotta gnocchi
3 Ingredient Dessert""
Australian leg of lamb covered in garlic and rosemary on the rotisserie
Tortellini
Duck Confit with red wine and balsamic gravy
Roasted cauliflower with prosciutto and bacon
Meatballs &amp; Mashed Potatos
Coffee Cake with Espresso Icing
KFC Potato Wedges
Baked Mac N Cheese with leftover scraps of Honey Baked Ham. Had to have something for New Years Eve.
Honey-Garlic Roasted Chicken with Brussels sprouts and red potatoes.
Guyanese Cheese Rolls
Cuban Bread from an 105 Year Old Bakery in Florida
Spicy 🌶 Chinese stir fry
its a normal pretzel
Egg, Mushrooms, Bacon and Sausages - Random Lunch
Fried Calamari and fries with guac
Cauliflower pizza crust
Braised Short Ribs
Shrimp ricotta tortellini with lemon butter Parmesan sauce
Peruvian pesto served with queso fresco and a squeeze of lime
Watch: Siege of the Capitol TikTok video goes viral on social media - Geo News
pizza using same day pizza dough recipe from Flour Water Salt Yeast cook book.
Miso ramen
Meatloaf sandwich
Fried Bologna, Roastbeef, and PepperJack on Toasted Garlic Bread
Crepes, Mixed Berry Compote with Creme Chantilly
Menemen with cheese
RBI Governor Shaktikanta Das voices ‘major concerns’ about cryptocurrencies - Mint
Shakshouka; extra egg added.
Tuna Salad Sandwich
kebab bread
Bacon Cheeseburger Pizza
smoked pork
creme brulee cheesecake
Tamales, pork and chicken in green or red sauce
burger with Canadian bacon, cheese, pineapple.
Fattoush
mousse cake
Steak and rice
Cracklin' Cornbread, 15 Bean Soup with Ham Hock and Pickled Cow Horn Peppers
Seared ahi tuna with slaw, crema, crispy wontons
Wontons
Pizza
I tried making a Ramen dish, despite appearances it was amazing!
sugar cookies and homemade icing
تحميل افضل تطبيقات لتنزيل الفيديو للاندرويد والايفون مجانا 2021
The best ever  Eggless Chocochip cookies
Meatloaf
deth by sauce
Sandwich from video game made REAL | So Delicious  Spinach Pizza
Banana Bread (gluten free and vegan)
Brooklyn-Style Pizza
Charcuterie Box
Brownie freshly out of oven with pecan and blueberries with vanilla ice-cream and whipped cream!
Almond-guajillo romesco pasta, braised chicken, broccolini, tomato, roasted almonds
48-hour cold-risen serrano, mushroom, with homemade pesto, pizza.
soy yogurt cheesecake
Grilled cheese made with leftover buffalo chicken dip
- Pumpkin spice cheese cake w/ candied walnuts
Here’s a  Roman style dish: assorted greens in oil, chilli and garlic with the beauty that is a poached egg. Not seen is the goats cheese on the side that will get me through this (and that also went brilliantly with the greens)
Ukrainian apple cheesecake
Chinese new year feast, seafood style! 牛年大吉
https://ift.tt/3tofX67
Chili oil
Carrot Cupcakes with Cream Cheese Icing
Hickory smoked spatchcocked Turkey
potato crusted quiche
i made challah today!!!
The Pizza
Chocolate Bars
Smoked Peruvian chicken with spicy guasacaca sauce
Roasted vegetables with pan fried chicken
In honor of today, I made an imPEACH Cobbler
Pizza Rolls
Giant Sea Salt Chocolate Chip Cookies
King Crab Salad
I really like this dish who else had tried it?
Not the best. Second try on making GF pizza. I'm still new at making food.
Pie!😊
The Perfect Homemade Apple Pie https://ift.tt/2LwLdyR
Super pretty vanilla beans
Carne asada fries
foods bread dishes
double patty burger in our new home
Oreo cheesecake with choco-cherry syrup
first time making Italian ToTos! They’re a hit
Easy Brownies Recipe | Almond Flour | Low Carb
W: White beans and Wild rice, beef Wellington, potato Wedges, Watermelon lemonade, White chocolate raspberry cake
garlic mushroom chicken in white wine sauce with horseradish mash potato and lemon pepper green beans.
noodles 🍝
Cod wraps with salsa and harissa lime mayo, served with baked sweet potato, za'atar and garlic chips.
Pan fried sea bass with a white wine pan sauce
chana masala
XXL donut
Schwine Schnitzel - Adam Regusea recipe
New Year’s Eve dinner
Lecsò
Chicken Marsala
beef and broccoli
cute cat ❤❤
Chicken Andouille Gumbo.
Vanilla and Chocolate dessert with rocklets and dulce de leche
pork wontons with chili crisp
taiwanese beef noodle soup (四川牛肉麵) with homemade pulled noodles (扯面)
Sow garlic #vegetable
Crêpes
barbocca nachos w/fresno chilies and mango chutney
We made Nashville Hot Chicken Pizza and paired it with my dad’s home-brewed Moose Drool Brown Ale clone!
Pumpkin Spice Pancakes
Wombok, Red Cabbage and Apple Slaw
I made 100  truffles. Is there such a thing as too much chocolate?
Saffron Milk Recipe Immunity Booster
Vegan Shakshuka
Seared salmon with saffron risotto, shiitake and mango sauce
Slow cooked brisket (10 hours) with coffee, ancho chili rub and soy, worcestershire, balsamic glaze.
Quarter pounder cheese burger on turkish pied.
Gougeres
Cream cheese &amp; tomato galette
Ravioli w/ Homemade Ricotta
Air fried rack of lamb
Flaky Buttery Biscuits Recipe
Bul-go-gee wrap and green tea mochaccino
made a beautiful salmon but it crumbled when i tried to lay it out on the plate
Breakfast platter
Korean Fried Chicken Bibimbap Bowl
Matzo Pizza
Salmon Crêpes Cake
orecchiette
Made pho, highly recommend a spice forward wine to match.
Cheese and smoked bacon burger
a fried oyster roll
Eclairs with Rose Pastry Cream and White Chocolate Ganache
Chicken With Farro, Vegetables, and Inappropriate Cutlery
a pastry mountain side in Italy.
Tater Tot Casserole
Mushroom Bourguignon for Meatless Monday
Everything bagels!
Chicken, pork, and andouille jambalaya
Zucchini Slice
Cajun cheese curds
Spicy Buffalo Cauliflower.
Turkey Rashers, Rocket, and Poached Eggs on Toast.
Pepperoni and spinach stuffed crust pizza
Rainbow Sourdough bacon sandwich (inspired by GBBO)
The result after being inspired by and gett tips from u/Soonermagic10...Phenomenal smoked brisket, Big Green Egg.
shrimp boil
The Best Beef Hot Pot from Chao Shan
Salmon Sashimi with Bibimmyeon
Rustic French Country Sausage (white pepper, tarragon, chive, cinnamon, clove, parsley), roasted beets and cauliflower, mashed sweet potato, and grainy mustard.
NY Strip, Roasted Potatoes, Roasted Asparagus
A Stroopwafel
Beef Kofta Kebab with pan-roasted corn, potatoes, and carrots
Fruit Punch Pie
Eggs, papas con chorizo and toast
Pizza with chili salami, jalapeños, pulled tikla chicken,steak pepper, chili flakes and garlic sauce
fried dumpling filled with minced chicken and spring onion, originally from China
Shallot and Cream cheese Stuffed Lamb Burger with Chili and Tomato Jam
Chicken McNuggets... yes McNuggets
Rose + thorn sourdough boules
Beef Tri-tip
I ate  pot roast
Chocolate-covered honeycomb candy
Egg Monterey Jack Cheese English Muffin With A Side Of Bacon
Vegan Chickpea Masala Curry with Cous Cous and fried Potatoes
most expansive butter in Japan for 16USD
8hr Smoked Pork Butt
falafel shawarma
calling it a day with pasta, steak and a glass of wine. (Screw that cat food)
Japanese shabu-shabu hotpot.
cilantro rubbed ribs in homemade malcajete sauce
I wanted to try something new in life, so I decided to try baking an apple pie. I have never baked anything before and so im pretty happy with the result.
Rakı Table ( Baba Ganoush, Carrot Dip, Shepherd Salad, fried Bonitos and Turkish Rakı)
Chicken/Turkey Stock!
Spicy dry rub Salmon
Heirloom tomato BLT
Plain waffle and bubble tea
teriyaki spam burger
3 juicy patties, crispy bacon and onion rings burger
My take on  roast beef pasties
Banana and Waffels with hot chocolate sauce and strawberries.
FireDust Duck Breast
Wagyu Top Sirloin Steak with Mixed Vegetables
Beef Birria Quesa Tacos
Double Chocolate Meringue Cookies Recipe
New York Strip Steak
Espaguetis de Calabacín al Ajillo
Holiday Cupcakes! - (Flavours are Vanilla Cookiebutter/Cocoa Marshmallow/Red Velvet)
Reverse sear T-bone steak
Kanda Poha
New York Pizza Pie
Strawberry
Pupper got a little excited when jumping into his human's lap
Mexican Fruit Cup
Khiếp Sợ với trái DƯA HẤU có HÀNG NGÀN CON MẮT - Thánh Nấu Ăn ASMR Unusu...
Mongolian chicken with broccoli and green peppers
Hot dogs
I ate  vegetable chopped and diced in a short while with this
German Mustard Eggs
- Chicharrón con cueritos Mexican food
8 Minutes Apple Cake- SUPER EASY RECIPE!
Venison carpaccio! Came out ahhhhmazing!!
""
Pineapple coconut shrimp fried rice
Crispy and Spicy Buffalo Chicken wings
Pappardelle Ragu
grilled cheese
Double omelet
arais
Beef broccoli|Noy Version|Noy Kitchenerom
Artichoke crab dip
Shrimp &amp; Grits. Anson Mills Coarse White Grits, cheddar, and parmesan covered by shrimp, bacon, mushrooms, lemon, scallions, and Frank's Red Hot.
scallops / smoked golden beets / scallops dashi butter
vegan ramen
These tacos and queso
Pork belly udon
tacos 🌮 😋came out great!
keto is great diet.l lost over 20kg following this amazing program with keto. you must know your daliy protein.fat.and carbohydrate plan. to tnow that there is this very simple free custom diet plan from here:
Mandarin crispy chick'n (vegan), brown rice and brocc
Porksilog
All-American Smashed Cheeseburger
Seared ahi tuna with pureed cold ginger scallion sauce.
Chocolate chip cookie dough ice cream.
4 Braid Challah
Broadband Expansion Benefits a More Resilient Food System – Food Tank - Food Tank
Smoked Turkey legs
Sirloin steak.
Apple and Almond Pie
Chocolate-Chip Banana Bread
Banana cake with lemon cream cheese frosting
Ravioli and sweet Italian sausage
Australian Wagyu washed down with scotch
Molcajeteada sauce with Avocado
Crab Cake Burger with House Cut Fries
MILCHNUDELN
levain bakery cookies🍪
Baking is my hobby and just made a parent’s their 30th anniversary cake- Red velvet with cream cheese frosting
Tori Paitan, my best looking bowl so far
Smoked Lemon Pepper Wet Turkey Wings w/ Truffle Fries topped with a Garlic Aioli Sauce
Raspberry Danish with Custard
Bacon-Wrapped Turkey Breast
Ube Cronut
The best you can taste
Surf &amp; Turf Dinner For Two: Reverse seared filet mignon w/ a spicy, cajun shrimp pasta
Peruvian Triple Sandwich
chocolate dessert with homemade banana bread, caramel, and chocolate ice cream
Pulpo Romesco
Deep fried Cinnamon French Toast, scrambled eggs, bacon, and potatoes
pakora, Tikka Masala, and Naan
Maki Sushi
Loaded Bulgogi Beef &amp; Kimchi French Fries
How to Build the Ultimate McDonald's Board!
Double cheese burger with Pepper jack cheese, pulled bacon and jalapeños
Japanese chicken curry
Masala Doodh Mini Cheesecakes | Jam Lab  cheesecakes, delicious, Diwali, Diwali dessert idea, masala doodh mini cheesecakes, mini desserts
rosemary garlic lemon smoked brisket
Bagels! Everything, poppyseed, and sesame.
Roastbeef, mashed potatos, Yorkshire Pudding and Broussels sprouts
Air fryer pork tenderloin, rice and veggies in rice cooker
Travis Scott McDonald's Meal Review!
Tailgate rosé pasta with asparagus, prawn and mushrooms &amp; bruschetta
Breakfast Pizza
Chicken lo mein
Rare prime rib, garlic mashed potatoes, bacon green beans, au jus and horseradish sauce
Chili
Pumpkin Pies
buttermilk banana pancakes with butter and warm maple syrup
Pomegranate
Seared duck breast with orange tarragon sauce, sweet potato casserole with streusel topping, hasselback potatoes au gratin, chorizo cornbread stuffing, cranberry sauce, and hawaiian sweet rolls
“” brisket 🤤
Amish Friendship Pancakes
Beginner Artisan Rye Bread
Chocolate Ganache Cake with dipped cherries
Breakfast sandwich
Fish Meatballs
Why a keto diet is easy to follow than other diets ?
smash burger with grilled onions on a brioche bun
India vs England: Newcomer Siraj, veteran Ishant locked in battle for second pacer's slot - Times of India
Kreste in NYC.
stuffed pasta shells
Garlic Bread Grilled Cheese Sandwich on Japanese Shokupan
burnt apple tart creme brûlée
babka
Good food for good health
Halloween sugar cookies with royal icing.
Cheddar burger stuffed onion rings
Blueberry Pie with fresh picked Alaskan blueberries!
Come at me Ramsey
Bacon cheeseburger and garlic parmesean potato wedges
Tropical Berries Smoothie
Thai green curry carbonara
Here’s my  pizza, decent yeast fermentation
pizza ,how's it looking ???
tamales ready to cook!
100 McNuggets with my partner
Orange-soaked Bundt cake.
Quesobirria Tacos
Sweet potato Icecream
Cheesy chicken broccoli and cauliflower rice casserole
chicken tikka masala and air fried Bombay potatoes
Cinnamon buns
Guinness Beef Stew and Sourdough Puff Pastry
Tri-tip, ribs, and chicken.
Tiramisu Di Mamma Bice
Cinnamon roll cheesecake
New England Lobster Rolls
Stracciatella Cookies
Lechon Kawali
la bambina catering
banana oat pancakes with sliced bananas, flax seeds and a whole lot of maple syrup.
Healthy Lunch
Apple Pie for Thanksgiving
No Chickens Were Harmed in the Making of This 100% Chicken Sandwich
Brazilian style pinto beans
Vanilla cupcakes with pumpkin puree and whipped cream on top
Black Magic Cake w Whipped Ganache Frosting
BBQ Meatballs, Mac and Cheese
Steak and ale pie, horseradish mash and greens
A fried chicken sandwich
Salmon &amp; Broccoli
Meatball subs
Honey Toasted Bread
Broiled Lobster, Seared Steak with Hollindaise, and Mashed Carrots and Parsnips.
Teriyaki chicken thighs with steamed broccoli and jasmine rice
Creste di Gallo in hot sausage and San Marzano tomato sauce and topped with ricotta and parmesan.
Squid Fried Rice
Blackened shrimp with roasted asparagus on zucchini noodles
My PBJ &amp; Jar of Milk oil painting
Char Siu with Choy Sum, Baby Bok Choy, and Rice
Crispy Pork Belly with Stir Fry Veggies and Chipotle Almond Keto Gravy.
lentils with veggies and feta!
Pressure Cooker Ham
Prawn &amp; cheese pizza with veggies &amp; bacon bits
Chicken Pot Pie Christmas Eve
Sausage mcmuffin with egg
Chicken vegetable spaghetti ""
Game day CHICKEN WINGS on the 26" WEBER KETTLE and SLOW N SEAR.
Sweet Potato Boats
Bread and backed pasta with cheese
Thai yellow curry
My family went all out last night.
juicy steak and asparagus on top of a seasoned mashed sweet potato
Vietnamese spring rolls and peanut sauce
Buffalo wings
ASMR Mukbang Eating food show | Hot Spicy Noodle Ramen ( BBQ meat,）...
I suck at cooking and.... but I tried making filet mignon anyway and I made a  sauce
South indian lunch plate.
Three layer chocolate cake with vanilla mascarpone buttercream, peanut praline filling, covered with a milk chocolate Ferrero Rocher topping, coffee whipped ganache, and dark chocolate sablé.
a King Cake from Gambino’s in New Orleans, even though I live near Boston!
Harry Potter Cookies! ⚡️
Eggless Zebra cake
Sesame Street chocolate and vanilla cupcakes
CHICKEN CHASSEUR (Chicken in a white wine, brandy and butter sauce with mushrooms, shallots and garlic)
honey chicken and fried rice
spaghetti with clams
spicy ramen with broccoli and carrots
triple chocolate brownie cake
Cacio e’ Pepe
Prosciutto and scrambled egg on top of cinnamon raisin toast.
Fried chicken sprinkled with rock salt
Potica (puh-TEA-suh), a Slovenian nut roll my family makes each year and ships to extended family for the holidays
Fried Dill Pickle Potato Chip Breaded Fried Dill Pickle Chips
Pesto chicken topped w/ roasted Veggies
Russian piroshki for my birthday. Some were tvorog, honey, walnut, and raisin filled. The other batch was cabbage and ground beef!
Arepa con huevos y pollo
this at the Encore in Las Vegas.
General Tsos chicken and tofu
Garlic Bread with Prosciutto
Hot Pat sandwich
Chicken tendies, cactus cut chips and dip.
Crispy tofu in peanut sauce with veggies over riced cauliflower
Please help my friend reach 1k followers on Instagram The_purplehaired_chef has the best  dishes that are to die for!https://instagram.com/the_purplehaired_chef?igshid=phtaywvhhzqh
Tarte au chocolat, mandarin jam and candied peel, pomegranate seeds.
Chicken Kiev and Mashed Potatoes
Cheddar Goblin Pizza
Lemon and Cheddar Pizza
Hangover Bowl of Oats
muenster cheese filled spam
Marble Cake Recipe
This chicken kebab with jasmine rice
Chicken Tikka Masala with rice
Sasquatch Meat, Fried Pickles and Double Baked Potatoes- Cook’n at the Shoppe S1E8
chili soup since it dipped below 70° in LA today... best it’s ever turned out!!
full English breakfast as brunch today...
Chicken adobo
Kungpao Chicken and Ginger Rice
Georgia runoff live updates and results: Warnock wins, Ossoff leads Perdue with U.S. Senate control at stake - The Washington Post
Mulled wine
i ate homemade Banana Walnut Cake made by  Maheks Cuisine
Dirty fries with pulled pork, new in my fastfood restaurant. What you think?
chilli bowl
Ribs
Chicken Enchilada
Scampi with chicken and tomatoes.
Chanar Dalna  – A Bengali Cottage Cheese Curry
Dates and walnuts tea cake
pulled pork with coleslaw and jalapeño on a brioche bun.
duck with honey butternut squash purée, spring salad, fondant potato and oyster mushrooms
Chicken Sandwich
Steakhouse Caesar Salad
Cauliflower Rice Breakfast Scramble
Clam chowder with fresh clams and  bread. Brought a little bit of the north east to cold snowy CO
leftover ham &amp; Mac and cheese melt!
Shakshouka. It was delicious!
latkes with lox
Palermitan pastries - Savoia Cake, Cassata, Cream &amp; Strawberry Tartlet, Almond-Orange Biscuits, Pistachio Biscuits
Steak, Panzanella, Fried Chicken and Vanilla Gelato
Spiked Chai Vanilla Caramel Tea
Pad Thai Gai (Chicken)
Cast iron rosemary lemon chicken thigh with onions and mushrooms
Tagliatelle alla Carbonara
Carrotcake
Pasta with Seafood
lemon garlic chicken
eggs made with eggs and extra eggs for dipping. I like 🥚
guacamole toast with cotija, fried egg and Sichuan chili crisp.
Steak and shrimp kabobs, roasted veggies and pasta salad sided with tzatiki sauce.
Pies for close friends and family (drop offs were socially distanced of course)
Cheesesteaks
A simple chocolate Soufflé
Bûche de Noël
satisfying food compilation you must watch
A croquembouche I made for my birthday
Bacon rapped jalapeños:)
Steak Teriyaki Kabobs
Pulled Pork Nachos And A Sidecar
Jalapeño and Cheddar Soda Bread
Thanksgiving leftovers
Croissants Unbaked.
Chicken Fajita Tacos with Jalapeño Crema
ginger syrup and white peach shaved ice
Bavaroise de Turron de Jijona con Thermomix
Apple Turnovers with three different fillings
smoked salmon crostini
Easy, simple, quick hammered and pan seared lemon pepper chicken breast.
Ground beef Bulgogi with Veggies
Chicken stew, polenta, fried okra and basil oil
sprinkles butter cookies!
this delicious chicken cutlet sandwich
Double down with hash browns and cheddar
Thai Green Curry using my homemade curry paste!
fried elote balls!!!
Assorted Macarons!
Pumpkin Pecan Praline Pie
Spanish rice with clams
Dumplings!
Rice and paprika crusted potato with sweet yellow curry sauce and Frank’s and Panko fried chicken, cilantro, and lime.
ketchup
BBQ: beef ribs, burnt ends, sausage, shredded chicken, shredded pork, baked beans, green chili, and mac and cheese
nitsuke tossed spinach, souvide Alaskan king crab, sea clam foam garnished with toasted sesame seeds and ikura
Mud Pie
Steak, Potato, &amp; Green Bean Hash w/ a sunny side egg and hollandaise.
Nandos-style Chicken and Rice
Carnitas burrito bowl
Baked Feta and tomatoes
Stoofvlees with Waffle Fries
Salted Caramel and Chocolate Soft Serve
a Travis Scott burger from McDonald’s
Honeycrisp Apple Pie
Chicken Ramen with soft-boiled egg and baby corn
(Made at work but not for customers) Detroit style pizza!
Prosciutto, Kale W/ Lemon Vinaigrette, 1000 Day Gouda Pizza
Hot Cheetos fried pickles
Naruto Fan Tries Learning Japanese From the Anime in Viral Video - ComicBook.com
I made some baked apples here’s the picture before they get put in the oven
Post Halloween brunch
Potato and zucchini in a spicy Korean style sauce
Chicken fried rice loaded with scallions
Thanksgiving Fixin Poutine for Canadian Thanksgiving.
easy cheesecake
braised pork rice with crispy shallot, pickled onion, whole grain mustard
Calamari with Truffled Marinara Sauce
Oyster Kilpatrick
Latkes in progress III
Banana pancake.
Can’t open a pistachio with a knife
This cake
Two types of roast turkey, kale, lettuce, kumatos, kewpie mayo and mustard sandwich
Egg Nog Pie with a gingerbread crust and sugar frosted cranberries
I Cooked Salted Egg Chicken for Today's Lunch :)
Singapore Chilli Crab
Quinoa Dosa/Crepe
Chicken pozole
Cookies and cream cookies
do you have milk ? ""
Nutella banana bread
Red Velvet Cake
Hazelnut chocolate bars
Ok Arby’s, I see you.
Parisbrest
Brown Butter Scallops over Wilted Spinach and Parmesan Parsley Risotto
Tortilla with Guilt
smoked pork butt, chicken wings and grilled corn
chicken taco
Chili Cheese Tater Tots with Chicken and green beans.
Impossible Burger on portabella with red cabbage slaw and roasted brussels sprouts.
a ultra spicy Hot Chicken Sandwich
New York Style Everything Bagels with Garlic &amp; Herb Cream Cheese
Eggs Benedict with homemade hollandaise
Homemade green salsa!
Duck l'Orange w/ Wild Rice &amp; Warm Kale Salad
Moist brisket, Frito pie and some spicy shells and cheese!
Bagel Sandwich
Double patty burger.
Caramel Pecan Cheesecake
Buffalo Wings
Paimon
Crispy Edges N All
Guacamole, a half pound of ground beef made from the trimmings of Ribeye, Chuck, and Round, and a ghost pepper jack cheese crisp on a toasted brioche bun. I am in heaven.
Beef Sambusa
apple tarts
My attempt at Beef Wellington for Christmas!
Lobster tail I fixed for my guy
Reece’s Chocolate Chip Cookies
Classic Bacon and Eggs
cannoli with chocolate chips in it
chicken spaghetti 🍝
A cheese omelette.
Famous Hungarian Christmas dish: Töltöttkáposzta (Stuffed Cabbage)
my BD cake
Apple Cider Doughnuts with Apple Butter.
pizza by 7 year old
Chicken Overloaded Pizza
Authentic Movie Popcorn
French Toast with Chantilly Cream and Pineapple Compote
Fresh baked garlic bread and meat lasanga
Banana Zucchini Muffins w/ Mini Chocolate Chips
Açai bowl
Fried Pickle Burger
Me dinner
Cacio e Pepe Beet &amp; Ricotta Gnocchi, Matty Matheson’s Burn ur Tongue Caesar Salad, Bruschetta
Maple Bacon Pecan Sticky Buns
Chocolate cake with kit-kat around for my mom's birthday.
Pork Fried Rice
Pan Pepperoni Pizza
Blood orange pavlova. Spiced (cinnamon, ginger, nutmeg, clove and cardamom) vanilla bean whipped cream. Spiced macerated blood orange, raspberries, and pomegranate seeds.
Teriyaki Chicken
I love all of you
Tomatoes with fresh Basil and balsamic reduction. +cheese.
Personal cast iron skillet pizzas. Who won?
potato chips and onion dip
Fish Fry with Mana Road
Me and some buddies started a food truck in Texas called Rollin Phatties serving Pakistani tacos (or paratha rolls). Come show us some love!
Going to freeze in the Midwest - harvested the rest of the jalapeños from the garden and pickled them. Delish all the way to the holidays.  Cheesecake Brownie
Alton Brown's Aged Eggnog for Christmas
Lemon &amp; habanero hummus with wholewheat bread
Lion's Head Meatballs
Cake Batter Cookie Dough
Beef Meatballs
Pancakes and Bacon
DiGouro's pizza
BBQ Short Beef Ribs @ Korean Restaurant
Giant snickers!
buche de Noel
cornbread muffins!
fruit gravy
pork belly ramen with marinated 3min egg
breakfast bap with hash browns for tea.
Vietnamese shaking beef (bò lúc lắc)
Beef and Mushroom stew with crusty bread.
Tacos 🌮 for Saturday!! Chicken 🐔 pork 🐷 steak 🥩
Apple Cider Pork Chops and Pumpkin Bacon Risotto
Ribeye steak, pan-cooked
American Poutine
Sous Vide Duck Breast
Filet mignon, twice baked potato and broccolini
Meatballs and Linguine
Potato chips fried in peanut oil and with omnivore salt.
sunday roast with all the trimmings and carrot and coriander soup
Lasagna directly from my kitchen in Italy
Pan-seared ribeye
Ross' Sandwich with the Moist Maker
grilled chicken
shrimp and veggies 🍤
bbq chicken bacon pizza
Pizza with Pecorino &amp; Mozzarella
KINH HÃI với món ăn từ Búp Bê Ma ANNABELLE - Thánh Nấu Ăn ASMR Stop Moti...
Price Edward Island Mussels
Simple breakfast
Mac &amp; Cheese w/ leftover Sunday Ham
cheese and soppressata (Bonus pic: Hungry hounds)
Putoflan (Ube)
Fadwa's Vegan Quinoa &amp; Avocado healthy Saladسلطة فدوى العجيبة الصحية من ...
Crunchy French Fries w/ Mint Spice
Boiled crawfish!!
Finaly took the time to make some burgers.
Cajun Deviled Eggs with Andouille.
kfc bucket for one
Penne Rigate Nero di Seppia al Aglio e Olio
BBQ pulled pork sliders with coleslaw
A5 Wagyu Beef
Get a Gift Card to Spend at Taco Bell
Ensalada de espárragos en aliño de flores de saúco
Carne Asada Mulitas
sushi! 🍣
Suckling meat practice
Sandwich Mix in Mburger, Prizren
Spaghetti Aglio Olio e Peperoncino
Chinese takeout
Pumpkin Cheesecake
Pho
Peanut Butter &amp; Jelly Banana Dog
hotpot
Brazilian Acarajé
Layered Banana Pudding
Fesuada, Brasilian pork crinds with black beans, rice, colar greens &amp; farofa on the side
Sous vide tomahawk steak
Meat Sauce #Meat Sauce
Pan Roasted Colorado Lamb, Anchoïade, Ribollita, Broccolini, Bone Marrow Croutons...
A well balanced dinner (Chicken, air fryer garlic taters, roasted veggies).
Pork Ribs. Excuse the pupper, she did get some leftovers
Honey sriracha wings
Crawfish Boil and Rhubarb Crisp Beer
Blueberry Lemon scones
Salmon sashimi is always my favorite 🤤
Halloween Candy
a orange And discovered inside of oranges are mini sacs filled with juice.
buttermilk fried chicken tenders, jalapeño cheddar cornbread, sautéed green beans with cashews
Funfetti Cupcakes
Biscuits &amp; Country Gravy
ceaser dressing, ceaser and parmesan marinated chicken and finally ceaser salad.
Elk burger in a toasted cheese wrap
ice cream
delicious food
I made some oyster mushroom scallops with lemon asparagus and so happy with the result!
Beef Cheung Fun (Rice Roll) from Dim Sum
pancake killed in cafeteria
beignets, fruit and fresh mint.
I made chocolate chip cookies.
2 year old Smoked Gouda
Jollibee chicken joy &amp; adobo rice
Conchiglie Rigate wird chicken, mushrooms, peppers, tomatoes, cream and parmesan
Japanese Pork Curry
Chocolate cookie cake
stuffed omelet Italian recipes
Pumpkin waffles to help immediately ruin new years resolutions!
This pepperoni
Mediterranean platter
Waffles with local blueberries, lemon butter, and maple syrup
Chicken and waffles.
Mushroom and Heirloom Tomatoes Bruschetta with bocconcini on ciabatta
Crawfish Boil
Scrambled egg sandwich
Blackened Alligator, Harbor Seafood and Oyster Bar, Kenner, LA
blackened chicken penne with poblano peppers
Rice Cooker Mac and Cheese
The Original Happy Meal
Red wine pasta with pancetta, chestnuts and topped with Parmesan cheese
Rösti
Supervisor’s homemade mini cheesecakes. So happy!
Italian Sub
rambutan
Pastrami Sub
Smokey isn't messing around anymore.
Pan seared scallops, roasted brussel sprouts with a balsamic glaze drizzle
blueberry muffins
Being a typical teenager isn't easy. When you have autism, it can be extra difficult. We need more public awareness about these hurdles as well as compassion towards these young people. Let us be kind on World Autism Day! (and every day 😍)
Christmas Meal. Rice. Seaweed Soup. Braised Pork Potato. Kimari. Gyoza. Long Beans Omelette.
Smoked brisket hash n eggs
Sourdough.
Pakora, Channa, Tandoori Chicken, and Naan
Chicken Pot Pie 😍
Beet ravioli with bacon and scallops
Chocolate Chip Cookies
penne and ragù (gluten free)
Why do Tyson wings taste like fucking rabbit?!?!
Calzones With a Tofu and Spinach Filling
Cook Beef Tripe
We made mini gingerbread houses for cups
My  lasagna
Bacon, eggs and toast
Pumpkin cheesecake bites
Food thing
vanilla bean and edible confetti Birthday Cake
butternut squash soup topped with crispy pancetta, roasted pumpkin seeds and a swirl of creme fraiche
Cedar Plank Grilled Dijon Mustard &amp; fresh Dill Salmon with Argentina Red Shrimp
Soft amaretti cookies 🇮🇹 mom’s recipe
AMONG US, nhưng là Nàng Bạch Tuyết TÀN ÁC - Thánh Nấu Ăn ASMR Stop Motio...
Wonton, egg drop soup.
Deep dish pizza,  thanks to Babish’s reci... can’t say the word here...
Curry
Stir fried egg, sausage and salmon noodles
Pizza with prosciutto, basil, arugula.
bao buns with pulled pork, pickled onions and hoisin sauce
The preserved eggs are so delicious. It turns out that the chefs added such things. People who have eaten them are full of praise.
Cream of Mushroom Soup
Steak with spinach and tomato Alfredo penne and bread
New York Strip Steak
Carne Asada Fries
southwest-german style beef burger
Chicken and cheese enchiladas with a side of cabbage, avocado, and cotija cheese
Grilled Pork Tenderloin Kebabs
Tomahawk Steak.
Smoked Duck Cassoulet
Child Nutritionist and Dietitian in Delhi | Children Nutrition Specialist for Overall Growth
Steak and eggs with sauteed wild rice and chopped heirloom tomato
Smoked sea scallops wrapped in bacon
If anyone could help that would be much appreciated. My lacrosse team is doing a fundraiser so we can play this season anything will help. Use the name Jack Buch at checkout.
Everything bagels, toasted and topped with home-smoked salmon, lemon goat cheese spread, caper, and dill.
Ribeye Steaks
Crunchwrap Supreme. Organic and vegan.
grilled cheese with homemade bread
Indian (Seminole) Breakfast Taco
Deep fried deviled eggs
Pesto Cavatappi
Buttermilk-basted roast chicken
squared pizza
Chicken sandwich
Cinnamon/Sugar&amp; Chocolate Donuts
Prime Rib Roast, Mustard and Herb Crust
Grilled Tomahawk Ribeye With Chimichurri
Linguine with clams, white wine, bacon, garlic, and parsley
Goan pork sausages
Double Shack Burger with Crinkle Cut Fries and a Black &amp; White Milkshake
Short Rib Tacos
Traditional Diwali Feast
Black Walnut Cake with Eggnog Cream Cheese Frosting
Burrata with sliced speck, sweet pepper jam, baby arugula, and toasted sourdough
Indonesian pineapple-filled cookies
( I just Ate) Raspberry vanilla slice
Spring Gnocchi
Broccoli &amp; Cheddar Soup
Parm and cheddar grilled cheese on homemade sourdough with fancied-up chowder.
Red Bean &amp; Cream Cheese Anpan
pot pie-filled stromboli
Whole Wheat Flour Pancake
Rice
Jalepeno Guacamole
Tuna Tataki with Asian Salad
Shepherd's Pie
lions mane mushroom cakes, yellow squash and lemon pasta, with fried okra
I made this birthday dessert for my nephew
Borek
teriyaki marinated chicken thigh, stir fried veg, and lo mein glass noodles.
Iced pumpkin cookies
breakfast quesadilla + home fries
Belgian Liège Waffles
Ham and cheese sandwich
- Lasagna Spaghetti Squash.
Sourdough 4 Cheese Pizza
Abalone Sticky Rice Wrapped in Lotus Leaf
Burger And Fries Better Together
Cinnamon Apple Cake
croissants LOOOOOL
Hokkaido Rum Raisin Cookies
Confetti Cake Cake Balls
Pasta with red sauce
Chili Topped with a little Cheese
Roasted turkey breast
Used what I had on hand, came out great, totally unexpected!!
Chicken Fried Rice
bacon and mushy pea sandwich
REALLY Dry Turkey
Hard shell taco supreme
Domino's zingy parcel
Pressure Cooked then Air Fried Pork Belly
French Onion Soup
Sourdough bun burger
Latkes with ikra, shallots and sturgeon roe
Zucchini blossom, tomato, mozzarella pizza
Fried Mozzarella Balls!
I made a vegetable soup at college back in September. Please can you rate the presentation?
Ajarski
Tuna melt
Chicken pot pie with celery seed crust
dried apples and Pears
chicken soup dumplings
Turkey Roulade
Cream cake with blueberris
Focaccia. Note: don’t put mozzarela on top because it will burn. But overall taste is amazing.
Veggie Balls with Spicy Tomato based gravy and Cutlets!
Vietnamese Bun bo Hue.
hamburger wrap.
Beef Wellington, Fondant Potatoes and a Bordelaise Sauce
Pizza Puri
Adding to the list of  za
Dry aged Rib Eye on a handmade cutting board (IG: resin.erin.design)
Beyti kebab - minced beef wrapped in filo pastry and baked with tomato/pepper sauce, pistachios and tomatoey bulgur
Pan pizza with mozzarella, bacon, pepperoni, and fresh parmesan.
Chocolate cake with Nutella drizzle
Roasted Malabar Chestnut
TikTok Dad Goes Viral For Hilariously Impersonating His Preteen Son - Fatherly
portobello mushroom enchiladas rojas
lasagnaghetti
German Bread Dumplings
smoked fatty 2part post (part1)
OnePlus fitness band launched, starts at Rs 2,499 - The Indian Express
Thanksgiving feast
Pork and polenta
Miso leftovers Ramen
Croissants
sweet and savoury charcuterie board for tonight's lazy dinner
Baklava cheesecake
Sweet Pork Nachos
ALL the  Christmas cookies!!
Crepes Bananas Foster
Five cheese &amp; tomato casserole
milk burfi
Vietnamese Spring Rolls
Seared scallop and shrimp bisque and a lobster roll.
Pulled Pork Sandwhich, with potato salad, baked beans.
Fermented garlic honey glazed chicken with avocado and cheese sandwich
dimsum at home.
Little Homemade Eggs Benny I Made This Morning
Garlic bread \(˙︶˙)/
Frozen Potatoes, Shredded Cheese, and SPAM Cooked via Waffle Iron
Leftover Christmas dinner toastie.
his and hers cast iron pizzas
honey garlic chicken stir fry
Gingerbread with chocolate and royal icing
Bufala Pizza with chilli oil
Today  Chinese beef noodles
Tabbouleh
Smoked Brisket Chili
pan seared salmon with buttery garlic cream sauce
Okonomiyaki Pancake (Osaka Style)
Homemade Nachos
Cannabutter Chocolate Chip Cookies
Are those white spots mold? Is this a moldy galangal?
Smashed Potatoes
mini quiche, made with parmesan, ricotta, ham, bacon, red peppers and pecans.
just a lil charc board for girls night
72 hour pizza
Cinnamon Buns with Cream Cheese Icing
Cardamon shortbread thumbprint cookies with Rooh Afza strawberry jam filling and lime icing drizzle
cabbage rolls
A Valentine's Day special dessert
Beef Brisket and Gravy
bayou poke bowl.
Fried Falafel Balls
Southwest style Chili
Potato &amp; leek bisque with bacon fried gnocchi
Besan Ladoos. Besan Ladoo(s) is an Indian sweet dish made from Besan (Gram Flour).
Christmas Smoked Turkey
Pohieer Kulfi
half onion half pump brunch bagel w homemade gravlax etc.
lorighittas in spanish tahini pesto sauce, served with grilled honey mustard mackerel
pork schnitzel and knockwurst
Fudgy Sea Salt Brownies
Slow-roasted Pork
cross post from r/RedSmileGroup :-)
Lemon and Almond Ricotta Fritters with Spiced Blackberry Jam
lasagne
cookie christmas
Lamb Lasagna
Ooey, Gooey Cinnamon Rolls
Attempting slow roasted leg of lamb. About to pop it in the oven, will check back in after 5 hours
tricolor Polish pierogi (spinach, ricotta, dry tomatoes).
cheesecake.
blue angel mocktail
Sweet &amp; Spicy Sticky wings, with baked sweet potato &amp; a side salad.
Brioche Donut with Vanilla Bean Cream Pastry.
pork wellington and oven fries with aged gouda.
Staff meal of monte cristo
Bruxelles sprouts with smoked bacon
I made Sushi at home
Pasta with mushrooms OC
Pork And Potatoes
Rainbow Cookie Donut
Món Trứng Cuộn Cơm SIÊU SANG CHẢNH Omurice Làm Từ Đồ Trang Sức | Thánh ...
Ptasie Mleczko
Tofu and Egg Fried Rice
Christmas sugar cookies
smothered steak, mashed potatoes, and green beans
No Green on Carbonara? Pasta Carbonara w/ Fresh Parmesan &amp; Lime Zest!
Sour dough, pulled pork, and slaw!
curried pumpkin soup
Pimento Mac and Chee with cheesy tots.
NY strip with homemade marinade and a mixed greens salad.
Louisiana boiled crawfish and corn.
Merry Christmas from my six week dry aged prime rib roast!
I made some beef jerky that turned out amazing. Meat is eye of round from the local Butcher. I used Hi Mountain jerky seasoning (mosquite hickory) and cure. 30 hours in the fridge seasoned, and 5 hours at 165f in the dehydrator.
Cabbage pakora
Home made beef burger with jalapeño jam, mustard, cheese, smoked bbq and salads.
Pandan cupcakes with Gula Melaka Swiss meringue buttercream, and Gula Melaka syrup
Traditional Gala Pie
Milk Mayonnaise
Best and the most underrated cooking channel in my opinion With  recipes
Breakfast Ideas -
Lasagna and Apple Crumble
Bucatini with wild chanterelle mushroom cream sauce
Made a pound cake for my neighbor! Very tempted to sneak a slice for myself tbh
CHOCOLATE LAYER CAKE . Link for recipe : https://youtu.be/CW2_unLLyOc
Shrimp fried rice.
Peaches and Cream Cobbler
Improvised Grilled Chicken Sushi
"Best Pioneer Woman Rolling PinThe Pioneer Woman Rolling Pin
Sourdough Challah
Hand tossed pizza with Sugo, meatballs, fresh mozzarella, and fresh basil.
Smoked pumpkin pie
Assorted fried foods. Chili cheese "Junkyard" Fries. Deschutes Lil' Squeezy. The fries were mind blowing.
,मटर मशरुम, Matar Mushroom Recipe | Restaurant style | Matar Mushroom ki subji
Korean fried chicken burger
Oatmeal Chocolate Chip Cookies!
roasted mouth-watering oink oink
Chicago style deep dish pizza
Banh Xeo (Vietnamese Pancake)
Chicken with creamy mushroom and white wine sauce with honey glazed carrots
Lobster Grilled Cheese with Tomato Bisque Soup. You're not prepared.
Hawaiian Pizza
Breakfast Pastry Pockets!
Panettone French toast with cream cheese whipped cream
Crunchwrap Supremes
Burgers with Halloumi
Chicken wings and waffle fries.
Rolos, Pecans and Pretzel
filet and sweet potato with veggies
"" Chocolate Date Tart
New Year’ eve dinner: reindeer loin, red cabbage, honey roasted carrots, celeriac puree, caramel potatoes and blackberry jus
Pasta with a chanterelle sauce and a few veggies.
Asian style salmon with roasted vegetables.
Drunken Tequilla Chili
How to make Easy and Crispy Garlic Bread for Breakfast
chipless nachos
Hot Smoked Pastrami Wedge.
Apple rose cake
Arabian style spiced lamb shank, saffron rice, salad
Apple Cinnamon Rolls
cheese homefries with pickled jalapeños onions green pepper.
Yuzu lime butter cake with vanilla bean mango buttercream
Pumpkin Pie Waffles
Chocolate marble bread
Cheesy Grilled Kebab Pizza
Soft pretzels with queso!
steamed salmon on boullion potatoes
Shredded beef tacos with black beans and rice
veggie egg roll
Al Pastor
Thai cauliflower soup
Caldo Verde Soup
Chickpea curry and lachha paratha with rice.
Paella!!!!
pesto focaccia
chicken schnitzel, mashed potatoes, spätzle
Sourdough Bread with homemade soursough
German chocolate cake
Gluten Free Baileys Cheese Cake with salted caramel truffles!
Roast beef and red pepper quesadilla with sour cream and salsa verde
potato leek soup
bacon Mac n cheese
Do you want to know exactly what to eat to lose fat and stay healthy without giving up on your favorite foods or starving yourself?
portobello and Swiss burgers.
Vegan Matcha Pound Cake
sushi with salmon and cream cheese ,mandarin orange chicken and rice stir fry
togarashi seared tuna,wakame,cilantro oil finished with a fish sauce caramel
chocolate chip cookies from ig: sweetsbyhareg
Prawn Linguine
Benedict
burger with sweet potato fries
Yellow Laping
Bread buns with milk , really soft and fluffy
Dungeness crab grilled cheese on Seattle sourdough.
Succulent Slow Cooked Burger on (homemade) Rosemary Sourdough Toast on a Rainy Day
College Snack Hack: The Lazy Man's stuffed pepper
Funfetti Louis Vuitton cake with classic vanilla buttercream.
salmon taco
Mushrooms fried in garlic and Rosemary butter with 2 poached eggs, pepper and brown sauce on bread.
Seared Porkchop, candied sage leaf, arugula, matchstick apples, and hazelnuts
Fried Donuts
French pancake
Cheddar Bacon Double Cheeseburger
Banana bread french toast my partner made
Mediterranean Style Chicken and Rice
Cooked waffles
homemade pesto with spaghetti and broccolini.
Steak and Poke Bowl
Viral video: See how father makes daughter's ponytail in 5 seconds - DNA India
frybread
Butternut Squash Soup, Grilled Chicken, and Crescent Roll-Wrapped Brie
my humble chili cheese fries
Oeufs en Cocotte for brunch
Fish tacos with a Chipotle Mayo
Spinach salad with egg, parmesan, yellow cheese, rucola, sesame and honey... Yummy...
steak n eggs for my boo
Sweet potato and crunchy chicken salad
BBQ Ribs
This weird wearable charger can refuel your AirPods Pro as you use them - Tom's Guide
Beef puffs
,I set a TRAP for CARTOON CAT and the ENDING.... ! ASMR Stop Motion Funny...
Pork Burger with Onion &amp; Chipotle Marmalade, and Appleslaw
Baked Mocha Sago Pudding
ReFED Launches New roadmap, Digital Tools to Combat Food Waste – Food Tank - Food Tank
Slow cooked pork with beans and beetroot
Royal Reds Shrimp Boil
chorizo, white bean and kale soup
Harissa chicken with slaw, Japanese mayo on roti
Roasted Tomato Chutney | ढाबे वाली भुने टमाटर की चटनी | Tomato Chokha | Yummy Recipe by Sana YRS
Beer-Battered Shrimp Tacos
Sausage, rice and beans with cornbread on the side
Loaded Tater Tots with cheese, sour cream, bacon crumbles and scallions
Blue Ribbon Apple Pie
Fried chicken pieces with grilled veggies and truffle fries
shawarma and pita
artisan bread *chef’s kiss*
Let’s say it could be a very culturally mixed Pizza (sorry Italians) or Shaorma (if rolled) 🤟
Balsamic-glazed meatloaf, celery-root purée, and roasted Brussels sprouts
corned and smoked Buffalo sandwich with goat cheese cheese and blackberry chutney
Chile Colorado, refried pinto beans and Mexican rice
Scrambled egg with spicy chorizo on toasted sourdough.
Cheddar Jalapeño Kolache
I made a  Taco Ring
Chocolate Bundt Cake.
half pickle half pepperoni pizza!
Locrio de Cerdo (Rice &amp; Pork)
pizza with homemade sauce and dough
ALOE VERA HAIR OIL, Get Long Hair, Aloe Vera For Long, Silky &amp; Thicker Hair
Crispy Roasted Smashed Potatoes and Brussel Sprouts
a yummy Chilean sea bass dish!
pancakes pig and porter
how to download bittorrent on pc
Venison, pork, and beef Smashburger with spicy mayo truffle sauce.
cinnamon rolls!
Country skillet with hot sauce
Air fried and ranch seasoned
Samoas inspired Millionaire's shortbread, with salted caramel and toasted coconut
Super late, easy (everything I cook is easy), dinner - Jalapeño cheese stuffed chicken, roasted broccoli, and garlic mashed potatoes
Chinese noodles with shrimp &amp; veggies
Nigiri and sashimi for a friend’s birthday.
Corned Beef Hash with Eggs and Toast!
blintzes with apricot jam and raspberry preserve
Thats one thicc hotdog Chicken shawarma on Lebanese flatbread with quinoa salad, lemon cauliflower and tatziki.
Roast onion and acorn squash with spicy Italian sausage and Empire apples.
Second attempt! Still learning to control the temp
Ricebowl
Cranberry and port roasted duck leg (with a mound of roasties) goes well with vermouth and coke!
My great, great aunts carrot cake that I made
Chicken fajitas wraps
🇮🇹 3 Sauce Gnocchi 🇮🇹
Raising Cane’s. Chicken tenders, texas toast, sauce and fries
half apple half pecan pie
Zucchini Chips With Tzatziki &amp; Roasted Red Hummus
Roasted Masala Makhanas (Foxnuts)
I spent the day making bbq pork ribs and fresh biscuits to accompany them
Eliopsomo made with Moroccan cured black olives.
Folded Kimbap aka kimbap burger
Sesame, Cheddar, Fried Onion &amp; Chive Bagels
Hamburger Scotch Eggs
chicken and pork tacos
Strammer Max - a German breakfast
Grilled cheese on buttered white bread and tomato soup
Spinach &amp; Ricotta Ravioli with a  Creamy Mushroom &amp; Wine Sauce (plus a side of hastily made bruschetta!)
Fettuccini Alfredo with shrimp
ITAP of an avocado 🥑 preparing for its  destiny
Pork tenderloin and rice with a marinade reduction
Gnocchi in Sage Parmesean Sauce
Croissant sandwich for breakfast
Domino’s Pizza
rare roast beef topside, and some other stuff
Election Day Comfort Food:  Hamburger Helper
chicken and dumplings cooking.
beef pho
Soft pretzels bites with beer cheese dip.
Congee Toppings
Mostly  Samgyupsal
Stinky bean with Tempe. Who love this?? 😅
Vegetarian Onigiri
Farro with beef/broccoli &amp; poached eggs
Metroid sugar cookies
Black Bean Torta with Avacado, Pickled Jalapeño and Queso Oaxaca!
Ben &amp; Jerry’s Rainforest Crunch Ice Cream
sour cream dip
jello 1-2 (no foamy 3rd layer). I used my new rose bundt pan as a mold.
Homemade rice, canned refried beans, and Porto's tamales.
Chef Davide Bazzali - Tagliatelle &amp; O Sole Mio
Peanut Butter and Chocolate Cookie
Berliner and Nussstangen (Filled Doughnut and Hazelnut Twist)
Bob's Burgers sugar cookies
Gourmet Orange chicken
Chickichanga, fried potatoes, and mixed fruit
YouTuber Puts Brand New PlayStation 5 Through Shredder - NDTV
Jamaican spicy beans with coconut milk
no bake chocolate mousse cheesecake
Lasagne made with butternut squash, spinach, gorgonzola and parmesan
pan fried Snapper and Milk fish, spicy Bok choy, and white rice.
Garlic toast and puff pastry cream soup
noodle salad with crispy tofu
Black bean flautas with mango salsa
Chocolate Swiss Rolls
Chicken, Pork, and Andouille Sausage Jambalaya
Texas Style Pork Ribs
Red Velvet Cake with Cream Cheese Frosting
Cauliflower and Mole with Escabeche
Panko crusted chicken tenders and Buffalo/Blue Cheese Mac and Cheese
purple sweet potato milk bread
Maggie Recipe
Crawdads that me and a friend caught ourselves.
i ate a  apple cake.
Indo Chinese cuisine - Chicken Manchurian
Saw we were posting pics of Ratatouille
Carne Asada fries and nachos
Was in the mood for a burrito bowl, but can’t afford chipotle
Asparagus and feta stuffed chicken breast wrapped in bacon with skin-in mashed potatoes.
Toasted baguette with truffle pesto, balsamic glaze, goat cheese, microgreens, delicata squash, and shiitake mushrooms
Apple Donut
baby back ribs - falling off the bones, yum!!!
spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spamm spam spam spam spam spam spam spam
Manchego and red onion frittata with grapes and berries
British scone with jam and cream
ricotta and thyme ravioli with some garlic bread
Pancakes with whipped cream and bananas.
Banana Bread with blueberries and demerara sugar on top, white chocolate, ginger, and cardamom.
Salmon poke bowl with shoyu sesame and spicy mayo marinades
Tiny salad made with red chanterelles I foraged today!
Tonight I cooked Filet Mignon, Broiled Lobster tail, Herb potatoes and Broccoli.
porchetta panini
tonkatsu ramen with sous vide pork belly, pea shoots, housemade noodles, shaved brussels sprouts, black garlic, scallion, and onsen eggs (laid today by our chickens)
Homemade pan seared mahi mahi with mango/avacado salsa with wild rice
Chorizo beef Swiss cheese onion mushrooms red cabbage
Khoresh Ghormeh Sabzi
Pancetta and Pea Farfelle Pasta
Citrus salmon!
omelet with green pepper, onion, mushrooms, ham, and Italian cheese blend.
paneer stir fry
Pork ribs my Nana made, it tasted so good took (I think) 6 hours we had homemade bbq sauce and baked potatoes.
boiled box crab
Korean style grilled chicken thighs on cold night, anyone want an invite?
Diet starts tomorrow
Slow cooked BBQ rib stacks
Coconut flan pie
Croissan'wich- Asiago, Tomato &amp; Pesto
Double Dark Chocolate Banana Bread
SHRIMP
Tilapia Piccata and Panzanella salad
So delicious New England lobster roll!
Homemade medium rare steak, roasted Brussel sprouts, baked potato and fresh shrimp!
Omelet with cheddar cheese and bacon
Pork Katsudon
SWEET CORN FRITTERS  | RECIPE
Blue rare top sirloin cap with bruschetta.
Cowboy Steak
arroz con gandules y pernil
Dry Fruit Cake By Mahek's Cuisine
This is what happens when you get sent to the market and find Ribeye on sale!
shredded chicken and refried bean pupusa with curtito and salsa
pizza :)
Guinness Beef Stew and Roast Potatoes
Blackberry Muffin
soy-braised short ribs
Monday night steak and potatoes for the family
Ham and cheese puff pastry with chili
roasted eggplant and tomato pasta
Butter cookies
Chocolate babka, dairy free
Giant spaghetti-stuffed meatball
Vietnamese goulash
Tomato Soup &amp; Grilled Cheese , Simple but effective
Charcoal Grilled Shrimp
Speculoos Babka from Dessert Person
a delicious BBQ the other day
Chirashi sushi
Stracchino pizza
Bacon and duck egg sandwich.
Garlic egg fried rice
Prawn Thai Green Curry
Spongy Chocolate Cake 🎂🥮
Banh Mi and Tom kha kai soup
Pan fried, Caraway seeded Pork Chop with sautéed apples
Feeling spiritual - Not perfect in any way, yet perfect to me (Rajma Chawal). Recipe in comments.
Election = yummy pizza
Bean Tostada
M&amp;ms cookies
Oysters on the half shell
Tempura green bean eggs benedict brunch
Smoked Whitefish Sandwich
Pasta with chicken.
Applewood Smoked, Cream Cheese Stuffed, Jalapeño Cheddar Meatballs
Lamb Leg Steak with Red Mashed Potatoes &amp; Pan-Fried Vegetables
Pineapple &amp; Ginger Chicken Stir-fry w/ Bell Peppers
Egg, cheese, and bacon on sourdough
Veggie Burger
Scrambled egg and cheese English muffin with turkey kielbasa
Whole Wheat Bread
Honey Dijon Maple Glazed Salmon, Cheesy Scalloped Potatoes and a Very Buttery Pillsbury Crescent Roll
Mistral de Tres Quesos
samosa chaat
Pies with homemade Mozzarella.
Pastrami, corned beef, and char siu pork belly pho.
Chirashi Deluxe
Cast iron chicken and potatoes
steak tacos, red salsa and guac
Portuguese Cheese Buffet
Steak &amp; Veggies - garlic olive oil asparagus - sautéed mushrooms -sesame oil broccoli - air fried potatoes
Nomnomnom Burger
Pan seared salmon
Fresh ground Smashburgers
Asian style ribs
Soft Butter&amp;Milk braids
Spicy pickled eggs I made few days ago!
pork gyro
Chinese New Years Eve Dinner
Reverse seared steak
steak smothered with peppercorn sauce, sweet potato chips, homegrown green beans, corn on the cob. Steak been seared in griddled pan, then cooked a bit in the peppercorn sauce. Ok i get right into it.
Thai spring rolls
Jack Skellington sourdough
Spaghetti Bolognese with what might be my best spiral/plating for Spaghetti.
My grandmothers  Italian stuffed peppers, as explained by my mother 💓
Clam Chowder

Crackers topped with various ingredients
Avocado gelato
Shrimp tempura and spicy lump crab roll
Twisted Tea Viral Video Shines Spotlight on GoFundMe for Man's Son - PopCulture.com
Carne Asada 'Quesadilla' in TJ, Mexico
Sourdough
Fried Prawn Toast.
Fried rice in the cast iron wok
Beef tips and rice with some tomatoes and cucumbers on the side
Salmon, herring, Udon, seaweed grapes and dashimaki tamago(egg).
chicken wings
Thai Spicy Seafood Salad
Tarallini
6 braided challah
Filled Chocolates
Great getting the bbq out this weekend (Mustard, salt and pepper only)
Bacon cheeseburger pizza
Pulled pork loaded french fries
Pistachio Porchetta
Park Asterix style goat cheese / Hawiian pizza
Foccacia
Double Burger and Chips
Pork Fillet Katsu Don
Crispy Fried Smelt
HEY GUYS!!!!! 😥how would you rate my hotdog? 😍😍😍 When i ate it it was a bit soft but good!!!!! 🤣 anyway all praise and criticism is allowed, thanks!!!!
Blackberry Galette
These eggs are happy to see you
Poached Eggs on Spinach, Ham &amp; Bagel, Turkey &amp; Hash brown
Applesauce Cake
Assorted Doughnuts
My Second Ever Cake: Strawberry Shortcake Good Humor Bar Inspired Cake
Reese's Cheesecake for Thanksgiving
Detroit style Pizza, yes it was delicious
, pork and chorizo burgers served with skin-on fries
PULAO RECIPE AT HOME
Make Your LUNCH 🙌 Low Carb Wrap 🌯🌯
Breakfast Bagel
Herb Roasted Pork Loin
homemade potato pie
Baked spaghetti and meatballs with homemade bread with seasoned olive oil for dipping.
Mince &amp; Cheese Pie.
Pasta “Tricolore” 🇱🇹 - marinara, pesto, and oyster-butter-soy sauces
Margherita Pizza that looks good but tastes even better
Creamy Seafood Mac &amp; Cheese ( Step By Step)
Wild mushroom pasta (girolles, portobello and "hen of the woods")
Grilled Garlic Parm Buffalo Wings
avocado toast
Apfelstrudel (apple strudel)
ConocoPhillips-styled Indian overseas assets seizure to collect $1.4 bn Cairn award - Economic Times
Marinated Pork Chops, Mashed Sweet Potatoes, and Lemon Zested Green Beans
Hiw do they get then roe so tasty?
ube macapuno pie
Charcuterie board with pear stars, salami trio + baked brie!
Everything Bagel with Sausage Egg &amp; Cheese
Lemon cake with Raspberry Filling and Almond German Buttercream
tasty pho.
riced broccoli with periperi chicken
Chicken with sour cream sauce
curried beef with rice &amp; roast potatoes
bacon!
grilled steak
Rosemary Honey Garlic Roasted Pork Loin with Brussels Sprouts
Apple Cider Donuts
Chocolate Cake Pop Snowman
Carnitas tacos and cheese tacos
Wagyu filet, fresh caught lobster, and some other stuff
Butter basted American Wagyu Ribeyes
chicken broccoli pasta
Blue cheese, caramelised onion and walnut fougasse. Sharp cheese, caramelised onion and pepper fougasse.
Iraqi Dolma
Almond Croissants
taco salad with beef tomato and cheese and chips
Free school meals: Rashford raises concerns over food parcels after outcry - BBC News
Cauliflower “Mac” and Cheese. This just might change my life!
monkey bread
Shrimp Paella
Delicious hazelnut cocoa tarts
A Cheeseburger and Fries
Roast chicken
Egg white sandwich with cheese and Canadian bacon
Eight 6oz cold lobster rolls
Cheesiest Mac and Cheese!
A Charcuterie Plate
Glazed Pork with Onions
Burger &amp; Fries
Pimento Grilled Cheese with Bacon
Oven roasted wing(s)
Cajun-Blanc Baby Scallops
Amish White Bread
Cacio e pepe with bacon
Standing Prime Rib Roast
Soy + Honey glazed chicken thighs
Korean Fried Chicken and Dolsot Bibimbap
Beef Chili Tostada Bowl
Beef Omelette
Mojo/Pineapple “Al Pastor”
Thai coconut shrimp soup
Wisconsin charcuterie board
Caprese salad
Hot dog revisited, freshlaw, sprouts
Pork bone broth w/ Asian style veggies &amp; poached eggs
Eggs Benny.
feta dip is my love language
cucumber wrap with oignon jam, honey, pringles sparkles and Tzatziki
Spinach Pie
open-face cheesesteak
Pizza!
Neapolitan Pizza
Lemon thyme gnocchi with caprese bruschetta
Whole-wheat honey boiled everything bagels
The Kiwano
Smoked Spatchcocked Turkey
chicken, cucumber, sweetcorn and mayonnaise pancake.
vegetarian pizza.
Rice Krispie Head
almond chocolate/vanilla/speculoos waffles
cheese stuffed crust pizza
Brunch (this fall) Greek style Frittata, Roasted garlic potatoes, Vanilla cinnamon French toast with Vermont Syrup, and fresh picked berries
taco casserole from last week
Yorkshire Pudding cooking in the juice from my prime rib roast.
Gingerbread Bunnies
SESAME RICE BALLS WITH RED BEAN
pan seared steak
Blueberry cake donuts
Bột Ngũ Cốc Đà Nẵng (Tự chọn, Rang Xay Tại Chỗ) - Vườn Nhiên
brownie and cappuccino
Carrot Cake with buttercream frosting.
Baked Egg Cups
Old-Fashioned Apple Pie with Salted Maple Caramel Sauce
chicken + waffles.
Salted caramel crêpe with powdered sugar
Creamy Gnocchi Soup
Traditional Dutch Oliebollen (oil balls)
British Corn
spam and egg musubi.
baghrir (Algerian pancakes):
Lemon Meringue &amp; Vanilla-Bean Pastry Cream Fruit Tart
Seared tuna poke bowl - toppings include Japanese-style pickled cucumbers, sweet corn with lime juice, edamame, green onions, and honey miso sauce
Mapo Tofu
new video
Burger, cauliflower, and cheese sauce.
Ribeye with vegetables
Burger and bun
Beef Cappelletti
Earn Passive Income Through Affiliate Marketing
Pho and pork dumplings
penne with broccoli, prosciutto, and ricotta.
Chicken burger and cajun fries (with Carolina Reaper sauce, hot!)
Turnip and Leek Soup with Croutons!
A Bacon Blue Cheese Burger
Kadhai paneer
Paella Negra
Swedish pancakes with lingonberries and a spiced latte
an old fashioned donut
Hand-rolled beet pasta, cheese &amp; homegrown basil on top. Beet tarator with garlic &amp; plain yogurt as a side dish.
we attempted Salmon Wellington, it turned out perfect!
lobster benedict
Pani puri with boondi.
Chicken &amp; Waffles
Coldcuts and Cheese Platter
Deluxe pizza with parmesan garlic pesto crust
1st American diagnosed with highly infectious Covid-19 variant is member of Colorado National Guard - NBC News
Tastiest Cheese Melt EVER
Tsukemen and some Dumplings
Rosemary Thyme Blade Roast.
Chicken Sausage &amp; Veggies Pizza
The hot sauce me and my S/O made. It's made from chocolate habanero we cultivated on my windowsill, bell pepper, cayenne pepper (all fermented), spiced with salted caramel chocolate, garlic and onion (There's "czekoladnik" on label, which means "chocolatey" in polish)
How to Cook Vegetable Soup with Ugu and Water leaf in 2020
Homemade Sourdough Pizza
Reverse seared 12oz Filet Mignon and broiled lobster tail. Both finished with a homemade roasted garlic and herb compound butter. Served with spaghetti in a fresh Alfredo sauce. Enjoy!
Fried chicken burger.
Cooked myself lobster, handmade pasta, and brussel sprouts for my birthday
Soft and Crusty Bread
“” quick meal 🥘
olive oil ricotta cake w/ u-pick blueberries and whipped cream
Roast Chicken Pasta
My fiancée made me a strawberry chiffon cake for my birthday
Beef short ribs. Holy cow I love how these came out
chocolate and raspberry cream puffs
the most perfect in-n-out order i’ve ever gotten
Egg fried rice with chorizo
Smashburger with homemade bun, burger sauce, pickles and caramelized onion
soufflé pancake
beef pizza
Hand rolled sesame bagels
Red Wine Braised Chicken with Creamy Garlic &amp; Mustard Bok Choy
Top 10 Breakfast Ideas
Noodle, beef, and veggie stir fry
Latkes / Potato Pancakes w/ Chives
Milky Cheese Donuts
Tempura Shrimp California Rice Bowl
White chocolate lava cake w/ Lemon-raspberry whipped cream &amp; salted caramel cage
Korean style macaroons (aka fatcaroons)
Rice and orzo pilaf with sautéed ham and onions and cracked black pepper.
Bison Chili
One-Pot Greek Chicken and Rice and Naan
Macaroni Cheese
Baked Ravioli
Just a few dozen spritz cookies I made.
Applewood smoked chicken thighs
Made katsu chicken, sesame spinach salad and a mound of rice with a pickled plum on top!
Raspberry mousse and chocolate cake
eggplant pizza
15 Bean Soup
Brussels sprouts w/ bacon and parmigiano
Chicken and Waffles
Pepperoni pizza
LIFE’S SO BEAUTIFUL | TODAY’S LUNCH | HYGGE PAKISTANI | UK
The best egg toast with bacon you should try it
Dry rubbed wings
Mongolian style Plov.  : )
Pepper Lunch : beef and chicken pepper rice
spicy vegetarian lasagna
El Paso teacher whose video of kids hugging went viral dies of COVID-19 - New York Post
Miso Salmon, white rice with cilantro, pickled veg.
I made a kilo+ of chicken fingers
shiu mai
Good day for wings
Apple Tart
“” Bay Scallop Pad Thai
Calliente wings
Half Pepperoni/Half Basil NY Style Pizza on Big Green Egg - 72 Hour Ferment on the dough
5 clean and healty food recipes to build your body
Crispy skin snapper with tamarind chilli sauce
Teriyaki Salmon
Lamb barbacoa tacos with guacamole
Pi Day Pizza
Chicken avocado tacos
Mango chutney glazed chicken breast w/ cumin bulgur wheat and roasted carrots
cheesy onion rings
mini chimichangas and a margarita!
Tried making Paneer butter masala 🙏🏼
I can’t believe I ate this entire thing, let alone in under 8 minutes without trying, but here it is: The Last Dawn. 1 pack of thick bacon, 0.4lb of bison, and 2 eggs. 100% worth almost dying for when eating.
Chocolate Drip Cake
Bazin
Spoopy fruit tray :)
Grilled Artichokes!
general tso's chicken
Pillsbury Halloween Cookies with an Oreo Inside
Pizza Margherita
I wasn't originally going to take a picture, but my wife just said "This is the best pizza you've made all quarantine" so I had to.
pumpkin spice choc chip cookies
Brown Rice Pilaf in the Dutch Oven
Sliced Hickory Smoked Brisket
Rib roast with a garlic herb rub paired with a lemon horseradish dipping sauce
CHECK OUT MY YOUTUBE CHANNEL FOR AWESOME RECIPES! SUBSCRIBE!
the best chocolate chip cookies ever from sweetsbyhareg
Spinach and feta croissant
Flour, sugar, butter and 2.5 days of prep/work to enjoy  croissants for the first breakfast of 2021. Here's to it.
Chicago-style deep dish pizza
I made pumpkin french toast this morning!
grilled BBQ Taylor Ham/Pork Roll, cheddar, slaw, on everything bagel
Just started to store my rice to make the best  Fried Rice there is!!! Should stay like this for 2-3 days, then cook it.
Cioppino
Cheese Bomb Bread Rolls - Cheese Explosion! 🧀
My afternoon snack bowl! Skyr topped with raspberries and squeezable peanut butter
Bread with Sesame seeds on top
Burrata Salad with Basil &amp; Balsamic Pearls
A spooky dinner tonight. Mummy Head Meatloaf, Ghost shaped Duchess Potatoes, and “Bloody”(colored cheese sauce) Broccoli. Happy Halloween!
Love those colors!
Nagoya-style Unagi ("Hitsumabushi")
was craving some spinach fries
Cochinita Pibil Tacos.
Pancake Tower! Egg + avocado + cheese
Tomato Tart with Red Onion. Herbs and Creme Fraiche
Peruvian-Japanese fusión sashimi
Messages like this from my wife are why I cook
cabbage soup
Pork Loin Cordon Bleu with Prosciutto and Muenster
broccoli soup with shrimp and baguette
Gruyere, Velveeta and a 3 Cheddar Mac n cheese. So easy and simple, yet so good!
Fresh Crab Eggs Benedict
Salted Caramel Pecan Cheesecake
chicken coconut-milk soup with mushrooms and veggies
M&amp;M and oatmeal raisin cookies.
Chikki, one of my favorites during winter ❄️
orange pound cake
One Pan gravy and biscuits.
Budae jjigae
no-cheese pizza
Lemon cupcakes with vanilla buttercream and candied lemon
Turta dulce
My 16 year old daughter asked me to buy her a handle of vodka.
Thai boat noodles (ped mak) at the floating market
Thanksgiving feast last year
No crack cheesecake on the 3rd attempt!
Steak tartar with a baguette
THE original Muffuletta
Summer fruits ice cream in a waffle
My Uber Eats tonight.  Chicken tikka masala &amp; a chicken samosa. Look at that color!
Korean Beefbowl.
Mini pies! Mushroom, onion spinich. Root veg, romanesco, egg. Apple, beet, honey.
fruit
BBQ Platter
Pizza with sopressata and pepperoni
binge watching tv has never tasted so good
Prime Rib Poutine
Turkey, gravy, dressing, mashed potatoes, rolls, candied butternut squash
Roasted potatoes fresh out of the oven
lamb
Hot oysters
(Homemade) chocolate cupcakes
Potato bread
Pineapple Bread Pudding
Pumpkin risotto with king oyster mushrooms and goat cheese wrapped in bacon
Reuben Chaffle!
Shrimp &amp; Grits Florentine at Datz in Tampa, FL
chicken, chorizo &amp; prawn paella.

super yummy corn dogs and fries
【Short Version】Snow Cheesecake - Littlechef's Cotton Soft Cake
Skolebolle norwegian sweet roll
Simple but tasty fermented tangerine tart.
dutch apple pie
My peanut butter caramel kiss reindeer cookies for secret Santa door presents this year
Delicious Banana!!
No bake Eggnog Cheesecake
I will design awesome mascot for your esport logo, twitch or youtube
https://ift.tt/2LPgzke
Strawberry jam thumbprints.
Bolognese Sauce after seven hours.
Vegetarian Chinese Dry-Fried Green Beans with Garlic
Butternut Squash Agnolotti with a Browned Butter, Sage, Pancetta and Garlic Sauce
Italian Charcuterie Board
“” Thanksgiving breakfast ramen
Pizza on a kamado bbq topped with pork meatballs and rocket.
"PRAWN TEMPURA" RELEASING NEXT ON WEEKEND WITH NK.. SUBSCRIBE TO MY YOUTUBE CHANNEL http://www.youtube.com/c/NKFilms1979
Kenji’s Pan Pizza
Mesquite and Applewood smoked Tri Tip
New Orleans BBQ shrimp.
Christmas Tree Macarons
the thickest slice of bacon ever
Vegetable Salad
Chicken salad on a homemade bagel
Valentines day cake pops!
Grew my own pumpkins = Amazing Homemade Pie Filling
3-chili housin truffle beef and shiitake mushrooms with egg noodles
Garlic Cilantro Shrimp
Egg Cheese Avocado on Sesame Seed Brioche w/ Mochaccino
‘I find it quite annoying’: Jofra Archer responds to Michael Vaughan’s statement on his commitment to Test cricket - Hindustan Times
Chocolate and candied hazelnut tartelette.
Bacon wrapped, cream &amp; cheddar cheese stuffed jalapeños
Fried Chicken Burger
Everything Lox Bagel
roasted potatoes and carrots with shallot gravy
Pandan Crepes
Fried Mac &amp; Cheese with a Spicy Crema Rosa Sauce
Paneer ghee roast recipe
Vegan Cookie Dough Cake
Char Siu (boneless pork shoulder)
surf &amp; turf: Bacon-wrapped filet mignon w/ lobster tails.
Salmon roles, onigiri, and Korean Sigeumchi Namul
Chả bò ngon nhất Đà Nẵng (đặc sản của miền Trung)
Chicken with fennel, clementines and ouzo
Black bean soup
Oppo Reno 5 Pro 5G, Oppo Enco X to Go on Sale in India Today: Price, Specifications - Gadgets 360
Ravioli with ricotta, rapini, burnt butter, almonds, lemon
Chocolate orange cake
cabbage roll with mett inside and onion sauce
Pasta Linguine!
Skillet Queso- No Velveeta
Pumpkin and Chocolate Chip Cookies
A Christmas Eve Charcuterie Board. (Only put on the stuff I like. The joys of adulthood)
a McRib stuffed with a small fry and 2 buffalo sauce packets. Cactus jack has nothing on me.
Carnitas Sandwich
porcini salt as a DIY Christmas gift.
Mediterranean Lamb and Chicken over turmeric rice
Pimento Cheese Grilled Cheese, Bacon, Jalapeno Quickles, Tomato
Charcuterie table
Do u like this bacon  bacon
Korean rolled omelet
NY strip steaks with truffle butter, roasted potatoes and spinach
Salted Apple and Maple Tarte Tatin
Ribs, fries, and German Beer! Made this for my next-door neighbor, and we ate on our adjacent balconies like responsible social-distancing adults. Company is hard to come by during the pandemic, so we have to cherish these moments!
Maple Bourbon creme brûlée
deviled eggs
pumpkin pies! Perfecting my recipe for fall
My homemade cinnamon Dutch baby. Simple yet incredibly tasty.
Pilau rice, spicy chicken, beef broth and sour yogurt. (Swahili dish)
BuRgErS
seared salmon with roasted asparagus and carrots :)What is it called in your local area? 😁
lobster with rice and vegetables
Cola-vanilla cake for my significant other's birthday today.
Seared scallop with apple fennel salad and white bean purée. Made it for a competition.
Buffalo Ranch Pulled Chicken
Dragon roll with tempura shrimp and spicy smoked hogfish
waffle burger
Crawfish Boil
Simple Chocolate Cake w/ Caramel Buttercream!
Italian Mozzarella in Carrozza: a Deep Fried Mozzarella Sandwich
From a 1kg Porterhouse, Filet on left, NY on right
simple tomato salad
Pizza I made!
Cheese Spinach Paneer Sandwich with Smoothie
Tried dipping strawberries 🍓
crabapple jelly
Crispy Poha / Atukula Fingers Telugu కప్పు అటుకులతో కేవలం 10 ని. లో బ్రేక్ఫాస్ట్ / టేస్టీ స్నాక్స్
a variety of German food
Espresso Martinis
beef bowl! rice, ground beef, mixed veggies; tomatoes, celery, onion, and then a egg on top!
CHOCOLATE CHIP MINT ICE CREAM
Thai feast platter
Abalone and shrimp roe noodles
Peanut and Almond Butter Maple Allspice Cookies
Chicken with 40 Cloves of Garlic
Linguine with salmon and spinach
Full size Aussie meat pie
Pickled Onions &amp; Radishes
Chicken and waffles with butter and syrup
Ossobuco alla Milanese with prosciutto wrapped asparagus
fish fry with tartar sauce and garden vegetables
Lobster stock cacio e pepe
Vanilla tea cake
Smoked Salmon on toasted everything bagel with grilled onions, tomatoes and capers.
VLASIC MAKING REAL PICKLE CHIPS IS IN THE WORKS
Teriyaki salmon with some cheesy rice and broccoli. Aint much but an honest dinner
Ramen w/ Bacon, Egg &amp; Onions
Korean Cream Cheese Garlic Bread
TASTING Thailand’s Most BIZARRE Street Foods!
smoked turkey leg
porkchops with asparagus
Belgian waffles
Miniature “McRibs” made with leftover bbq pork ribs
Gourmet Meat and Cheese Platter
hickory and apple wood smoked chicken thighs
white eggs cake
How to Cook Spaghetti Carbonara!
Spicy beef Tostados
Chocolate chip cookies.
Dal bati churma
Crispy French Fried Onions for Green Bean Casserole
Sesame crusted Ahi Tuna, soy mashed potato purée, haricot verts, soy sauce caramelized mushrooms.
3lb tomahawk Ribeye birthday dinner
Grilled Monkfish on a truffled white bean cream
Avocado, egg, and sriracha English Muffins
Garlic Chicken Pasta
Blueberry pancakes
Waffle House style Cheesy Eggs w/ jalapeño Spam.
epic cheeseboard
Freddie Farrell's Fat Bastard Hot Sauce Taste Test
Fried cod with calamari and fries
Scrambled eggs and parma ham on toast
mini grilled cheese with a shot of tomato soup
Nothing to do with food not
Baked Beans
Pineapple Tarte Tatin
How tо Feed a Fаmіlу оf Four fоr Under $100 a Wееk Whеn budgеtѕ аrе tight аnd the рrеѕѕurе іѕ оn to save money, fооd is оftеn оnе оf thе fіrѕt thіngѕ wе ѕkіmр оn. But іt dоеѕn't have to bе this wау. Fееdіng уоur fаmіlу fоr under $100 іѕ mоrе thаn dо-аblе. Just fоllоw thеѕе tірѕ.
mushroom bourguignon
Dairy-free BBQ chicken flatbread
Grilled Steak, Shrimp, and Asparagus
Koshari is a popular Egyptian street food... It's made from lentils, rice, vermicelli, macaroni &amp; chickpeas with a spicy tomato sauce topped with crunchy fried onions.
Spinach and cheese pastries, fried eggs.
Toasted Sourdough Pizza
Korean-style pork cutlet (돈까스 - donkkaseu)
Smoked Meat Tray (Smoked Brisket, Housemade Jalapeño Cheddar Sausage, Pork Belly Burnt Ends, Smoked Spare Ribs) 🔥
Stracciatella cheese and yellow tomato Focaccia
queso fundido, salsa, tortillas.
Island cake. Sis is amateur baker and after a failed attempt last week, she made this yesterday.
Italian Spaghetti with meatballs
Pumpkin tart
Chocolate fudge brownies
Grilled Kielbasa sausage &amp; potato pierogi
Tourtiere
stuffed chicken breast on a bed of butter/parmesan noodles
stuffed crust spinach, onions, and mushroom pizza.
Shortbread cookies with edible flowers that we planted in our balcony garden - video in comment
Chicken meatballs infused with parmesean &amp; spinach
tamale with green chile and cheese
Boneless Cuban style pig w/ fresh squeezed Naranja agria mojo
Ribs, Dominican Style
Hamburgers with homemade buns
ratatouille!
Pan de Muerto Day of the dead Bread
Eggs and rice
Red Wine Braised Short Ribs over a Shiitake risotto
what is this? Found this on wish £0.35 had to Google translate the description from Spanish to English. Apparently it's an artisinal doughnut from the Mexican state of Guanajuato. It takes a month to arrive and im a afraid of what ever the fuck this is. Any ideas? is it safe?
pasta salad with tuna
Fillet, french fries, bacon, and mushrooms
Paw shape sweet dumplings filled with chocolate
crab dishes
Ragù alla bolognese - pretty proud of it
Creole Jambalaya and Beignets
beets side dish
Spicy Japanese curry with tempura prawns
Chicken and Alfredo Sauce Pasta w/ Sautéed Mushrooms and Broccoli
Chicken Teriyaki with vegetable pancakes, princess beans and hot kimchi pickles
Christmas Cookie and Candy Platter
Foie gras scrambled eggs
Lamb loin chop with red wine reduction sauce and garlic roasted asparagus
Meatloaf, scalloped potatoes and mushroom and onion Swedish gravy.
a Neapolitan pizza!
Grilled Filet Mignon
Shrimp Tempura 🍤
Anybody ever try potato ice cream from Idaho?
Creamy Tuscan Chicken
Falafel burger
Lamb, lentil and dried lime stew with fluffy saffron rice
Handheld Apple Pie
Sour Cream/Cheddar/Scallion &amp; Thyme/Asiago/Olive Oil/Sea Salt Scones.
Chocolate Truffle Two Tier Birthday Cake
Jalapeno chicken poppers baked in cheese
Traditional Carniolan sausage (Kranjska klobasa), with freshly baked bread, mustard and horseradish - Slovenian street food.
lemon turmeric tea cake
Lunar new year lunch
a homemade grilled burger tonight. Wish I'd grilled the buns!
Ricotta-Basil Gnocchi with tomato Basil Garlic sauce
Maple syrup and sriracha wings, with a dash of kosher salt and ground black pepper
Pici (thick spaghetti-like pasta from Tuscany) with tofu ragù
Fried eggs with sausage &amp; biscuits
waffles with berries
Viral video of Cele at party taken in 2017, says government - CapeTown ETC
Croissant breakfast ring Happy New Year!
Shoyu tonkotsu at a newly-opened ramen shop
tres leches cake topped with dulce de leche
Scrambled eggs and crispy bacon on sourdough homemade toast
Extreme cold snap shuts down central U.S. Texas is ground zero - The Washington Post
Scrambled eggs, hawaiian sausage, with biscuits and country gravy.
Japanese Fried Chicken with Chili-Mayo and Teriyaki Sauce
Soy glazed air fryer chicken thighs
Me and u/Pilot_W made steak dumpling and rice bowls with a side of ramen. Go easy on us.
baked Mac &amp; Cheese
Mediterranean Salmon, Baba Ganoush, Couscous, and Pitas.
Hamburger buns with help of a bread making machine.
Portuguese egg tart
Birria Tacos
Hickory Smoked Pork Loin and Mac &amp; Cheese
Brown Butter Oatmeal Cream Pies
savory pancakes, bratwurst and green onions
Chimichangas from Binging With Babish
Smoked Prime Grade Brisket amd Baby Back Rins!
rock crab, box crab, scallops, and uni!
Dan Dan Noodles with Chili Garlic Oil
3 berry crepe with greek yogurt, granola, whipped cream, and honey drizzle
Tuna Avocado Sandwich.
Tortilla de Patata
how to remove background in remove bg 2020
Bomb Pops with Bender
Hot dog burnt ends (while the turkey cooks). Hickory smoke. Brown sugar rub, bit of mustard and bbq sauce.
Cassata siciliana
My riff on Olive Garden's Zuppa Toscana for lunch today - and every day for the next week I guess.
Red wine Braised Short Ribs w/ Garlic Polenta and topped with a chive and parsley gremolata
Pan Fried Margherita Pizza
Driver in viral video who escaped after ramming into vehicles arrested, partner in crime ‘Bob Mah Sing’ on the run - Malay Mail
Chicken and garden vegetable frittata with side salad
Sausage, rosemary, onion, mozzarella, pine nuts...and grapes! Yum. Thanks Jamie Oliver for the recipe.
Enchiladas they are love
Peanut brittles
Beef, broccoli, and rice
roast duck
Rosemary and Garlic Focaccia
donuts
Hyderabadi Mandi ❣️
these FRESH VEGETABLES are grown on our home terrace garden
https://ift.tt/2LPgzke
Chicken Gravy Noodles | چکن گریوی نوڈلز | चिकन ग्रेवी नूडल्स
WHITE&amp;BLACK CHOCOLATE BROWNIE
pork gyoza 🥟 🥟 🥟
Lunar New Year “Potmeal”
Braised short rib topped with cremini mushrooms on a bed of mashed cauliflower w/ assorted steamed veggies
sourdough chocolate spiced wine cupcakes with spiced wine poached pears and strawberry cream cheese icing.
Carved Turkey
Bouchée a la reine et Chabli
Burger and Chicken Fried Steak
leftover KFC and rice
Pizza with goat cheese, parmesan, mushrooms, red onion, asparagus, yellow peppers and kalamata olives
Sour Worms
pot roast, mashed potatoes, fried leek greens.
Mushroom onion pizza with overnight dough
Mixed berry no bake cheesecake
Sweet Cranberry BBQ Sauce on your Turkey
Roast Pork Loin
A loaded fruit and nut cake.
Ñoquis de papa
Breakfast anyone?
Pork Belly, fennel, parsnip purée, carrot confit, pickled celery and pork jus
Food depository’s new response strategy is great example on how to serve communities in need | Editorial - Chicago Sun-Times
egg rice, eating cheap doesn’t have to taste bad :)
Lemon cheesecake mousse with mango puree jelly and hazelnut sponge.
Smoked haddock kedgeree
Leccio , A kind of piadina made with chestnut flour with Inside the goat ricotta cheese and chestnut a honey.
Mmmmm...Cream puffs
Bacon &amp; Mushroom Cheeseburger
pizza steel.
llama cookie with covid mask
Chive and cheddar cheeseburger
ratatouille
pie, from apples I picked last weekend!
I cooked and  this homemade Lasagna, does it look appetizing to you? Thoughts?
Deviled Eggs.
Herbed Chicken Cutlet with Cacio e Pepe Butter
chopped cheese, didn’t have tomatoes or lettuce though.
Chicken Pot Pie by Hawaii Resident
Spaghettoni Carbonara
Black Sesame Ice Cream with Yuzu Marmalade
Curry laksa noodles with cockles and dumpling
Kadambam Recipe in Telugu కదంబం అమ్మవారికి 6వ రోజు సమర్పించే నైవేద్యం
gaujas/ chiroti sweet recipe| MyMomsPride |Easy to make and tasty to eat
BAGELS!
cinnamon apple and walnut scones with a brown sugar glaze
Spicy Tandoori Chicken
East coast-inspired hoagie.
Reeses chocolate cake
12 hour smoked pork shoulder
Fried Chicken Sandwich with Sizzler Bread.
Steak au poivre with mashed potatoes and broccoli
Dumpings with cherries inside
Egg in a basket avocado toast
Lockdown depression often leads to comfort food
Creamy beef with mushroom and mashed potatoes with buttered corn
Creole Smoked Cheddar Holiday Cheese Ball
Creamy Tomato and Spinach Tortellini
Tostadas Supremo with Pork, topped with Poblano, Lime Crema &amp; Pico de Gallo
my mom made me some modern arts soup
I purchased leftover donuts from a coffee place! &lt;3
Fatty Salmon ft. Tamagoyaki
Burnt Banana Bread
Soft Tacos and a Burrito Bowl
Chilli con carne
Shrimp Po Boy
Italian Stuffed Sweet Potatoes
Sourdough bread.
smoked cheese
N.J. weather: Snow predictions leap to 18 inches as winter storm forecast intensifies
Smoked ham.
Banana Walnut Bread with Vanilla Ice Cream
B.L.E.A.T. sandwich.
Chili Hand Pulled Noodles
Shrimp and scallop risotto
Don’t usually make Italian food, but this Lasagne I made last night changed my life.
mutton stew, sourdough, caramelised purple onions, grilled chicken salad, extra grilled chicken
Fish fry.
seafood fried noodles
Festive lunch
tofu musubi w the air fryer
reddit summarized in 2 posts
Kraut burgers made with shiitake instead of ground beef.
Blueberry lemon cheesecake with a THC infused topping.
Snickerdoodle Cookies!
Leblanc Curry from Persona 5!
I made this delicious Danish rye sourdough bread with flaxseeds and sunflower seeds.
Sandwhich pizza
Canele
Deep pan pizza
Grilled egg and cheese sandwich
Strawberries were about to turn so I made a Strawberry Thin Mint Tart.
Mushroom and Spinach vegan quiche. Crust made with chickpea flour and olive oil.
Roast chicken dinner with mashed and roasted potatoes. Honey toast parsnips. Sauteed broccoli and sprouts, boiled carrot and red onion stuffing with some pancetta.
Fresh salmon croquettes, Greek Salad &amp; garlic bread.
Chicken-Fried Venison Backstrap Mashed-Potato Bowl!!
Combs Tooth Mushroom Karaage with Salted Plum Mayo
found this cool tortellini video
mussels
mushroom, sausage, and dashi omelette over purple rice
Ordered a "Medium-cooked" steak. Does it look raw? (I've eaten most of it... which tasted great).
braised pork shank, roasted grapes, mozzarella, sharp provolone, Parmesan, harissa drizzle, fresh mint
Tuscan Butter Shrimp
Beef chimichanga
Filet mignon and shrimp cooked in lemon, garlic, parsley, and chive infused butter. Green beans and potatoes on the side.
I can’t be the only one who likes flattening these breads into almost patty-like things, right?
quinoa with porkbelly and vegies
Mnazeleh on saffron couscous, with parsley and sumac salt as garnishes. Parmesan twists as a side!
Deep Fried Turkey
Nothing beats the taste of  mayonnaise! Tho, Dukes comes close.
romanian sarmale with sour cream and smoked pork.
Coconut Curry Chicken Noodle Soup
Ruben pizza with crust made of spent grain from the brewery.
Turbinado, Duck Fat Shortbread (GSC Infused)
I had  sweet and spicy roasted pumpkin seeds, mini funnel cakes, and cinnamon roll poppers.
Crispy fried catfish tacos
Stewed eggplant, zucchini, and green bell pepper with tomato and sautéed onions
Thai noodle soup with red pork
Instagram-able pancakes
roasted cauliflower and curry soup
Chocolate cream cheese stuffed brioche french toast with strawberries
Chicken Burger
a great double cheeseburger from Hot Chip in Rochester MN
cheese + meat + fruit board
Pan fried trout, roasted garlic potatoes, sauteed broccoli rabe, shrimp stock butter sauce
Pineapple stuffed with shrimp
Cupcakes I made today 🤍
salmon burgers and parmesan green bean fries
Stromboli with pepperoni and mozzarella
Gluten-free gnocchi with fresh pesto
Burnt ends from a local BBQ restaurant
carne asada, carnitas and fish tacos
Scrambled eggs, link sausage, hash browns with onion and bacon 🥓. Made by my son who hit a deer 🦌 with my car last night. 😣😫
Creamy Tomato Pasta
Scallops over Mexican Street Corn Purée
red beans and rice and cornbread with honey butter
Golden Key Cake
Chili!
Hot Dogs and Waffle Fries
Yorkshire pudding baked in a skillet
Roasted garlic lamb with Muhamarra, labneh, lettuce and tomato in a spinach wrap.
Cinnamon Rolls!
Vegan Steak day!!!
I tried my hand at cibir, imo it turned out pretty well
BBQ baked brisket.
parfait peach in japan.
Lobster at Night Market (yrs ago)
Dog Meat Hot Pot
Ahi poke benedict with smoked paprika and saffron hollandaise
Pork tacos cooked with green tomato salsa
Banana Pudding
BLT with Guacamole and Chipotle Mayo
Chocolate &amp; Peanut Butter Tart
Send some love to the front line 😭 yourwaywardmuse.com
Chocolate-Cherry Courrone with Icing
Reverse sear Lamb chop (Sous Vide)
chocolate pomegranate cake with cream cheese and chocolate frosting
Florentine’s biscuits
Burgers and Big Mac Sauce 🍔
Chicken parmesan and zucchini parmesan
Toffee Coffee Crunch Cake Pops
ice cream in just 5 minutes
Eggelicious wrap
Beef Pho
Spanakopita with Butternut Squash Bisque
Potato wedges
Smoked BBQ wings
dumplings, never made before
Chicken mole
ATTACKED Plants vs Zombies to make LAVA CHEESE TART How Cook ASMR Stop...
crémé brûlée
Gochujang chicken drumsticks
Chocolate Sugar Cookies
Swordfish, creamy cauiflower soup, asapargus. Bonus blood orange smash cocktail.
Mock Fried Ice Cream with Hand-whipped Cinnamon Cream and Homemade Caramel Sauce
Sourdough bagels
crispy chicken sweet and sour
nutmeg ginger apple snaps and apple cider
Eggrolls &amp; Potato Skins
Oreo &amp; Peanut Butter Pie
Chicharrón zafado and prawn sliders
Sebi should probe Franklin, not ED or cops, says Amfi - Mint
Chicken Manchurian with Egg fried rice
Filled Mushroom w/ Parmesan Cheese and Apple Cider Vinaigraitte
pepperoni and spinach pizza!
Thanksgiving bbq.
Roasted pork tenderloin with pan sauce, duck fat potatoes and asparagus
whole-fried Lionfish with coleslaw!
Kransky Dogs - Korean and Chicago-inspired
Spicy dill pickles.
salmon gravlax with dill &amp; mustard sauce, blini and caviar
How to make candy pecans for Christmas
chartoddlerie
triple chocolate cookie.
English tea and cookies with mince pies and potato leek soup
Fermented Salsa
Korean short rib soup AKA Galbitang
Eggs benedict
Birria Tacos topped with home made salsa
Homemade tortillas, rice and beans, and some vegetables.
Lox sandwich
tater tot shepherd's pie.
19yo. Snapchat - am062401
My girlfriend made me Oreo shots for my birthday
Polish sausage and fries
loaded jalapeño fries with a roasted red pepper and chicken sourdough pizza.
classic Cheese Pizza
Huckleberry muffins just before being put into the oven
five onion soup with provolone toast and green salad with green dressing
Man from Viral Video Explains Why He Knocked Down White Dude for Spouting the N-Word In Ohio Convenience Store - Atlanta Black Star
Zucchini spaghetti
hot pot
Mini Chocolate Croissants
Japanese souffle and it turned out like a pancake. a very, very hard one. please spam f in the comments. actually, I take that back don't spam f in the comments.
Steak and Cheese Pies
Made a tiny, beautiful little omelet with the last of our leftover chorizo
Smoked Mozzarella Baked Pasta with Chive and Basil Boursin Cheese, Caramelized Onions, Stewed Tomatoes, Corn and 50/50 Mix Beef and Plant Based Ground.
Beef sukiyaki udon
Shrimp Lo Mein
I made Shakshouka
Cheesecake with Szechuan Pepper Lemon &amp; Lime Curd topping.
Cantonese Steamed Gurnard
Oat banana pancake !
Curry Fishballs
Baked a cinnamon apple pie for my girl friend
Surf &amp; Turf for two: onion and mushroom steak and salmon with rice and air fried brussel sprouts
fish tacos with avocado, rice and beans in Bar Harbor, Maine.
Paella with shrimp, prawn, scallop, oysters and clams
hot coco and chantilly cream
Committee to meet today to discuss approval for Sputnik V Covid vaccine in India - Mint
Pear-bergamot-orange-vanilla cheesecake with gingerbread base
Pistachio Lavender Lamb .
https://ift.tt/3iURoJi
Pancake Batter Deep Fried Chocolate Dipped Oreos
Peppermint White Chocolate Cookies
bacon cheeseburgerbombs.
Angus beef porterhouse with red wine, cream and mushroom sauce, plus mozzarella balls with a locally produced bacon chilli jam
bûche de noël
Chorizo Pasta
Czech Apple strudel
Texas style brisket. 13 lb packer smoked for 14 hours in old country smokehouse.
Chicken Biryani with mint yoghurt
Carolina Reaper Boneless Wings
Tomato Bruschetta w/ Garlic
Hotdog with chips, Ketchup and mayonnaise!
Fudgy oreo brownies
Pepperoni and Pesto Pizza!
Shoyu Ramen
Breakfast. Eggs from my chickens &amp; Veggies from my garden
Orzo Tomato Soup
Waiting on a friend @ Chops and Hops
Homegrown fresh Jalapeños stuffed with cheese, creamcheese and garlic. Wrapped in Bacon and sauce, cooked over a wood fire
cereal with fresh cut micro broccoli, oat milk
apple pie, key lime pie, and dinner rolls!
Tomatillo Salsa and Red Spicy Salsa
Whole Wheat Cheese Pizza
Breakfast Hash w/ Hollandaise
Top 10 Best Indian Restaurants that  in European and Indian Nations - FFT Experience
Deviled eggs
Beef Phó
Focacia bread!
Maruti Suzuki Q3 results: Net profit rises 24% to ₹1,941 crore - Mint
huge bowl of tonkotsu ramen!
Pastrami/cheddar melt with red onion and jalapeño on toasted sourdough.
Taiyaki たい焼き
Kinder Bubble Waffle
paw patrol cake
Buñuelos de viento
parmesan and basil dinner roll Christmas tree
PB Banana Oatmeal
Shrimp Pasta
Tacos
Smoked Beef Plate Ribs (Dino Ribs)
Miso and honey-glazed cod with sesame noodles and garlicky roasted broccoli.
Migas.
Sourdough Focaccia w/ cherry tomatoes, black truffle oil &amp; black pepper.
Beef Stew with Mashed Potatoes
Pumpkin filled with boef bourgignon
a unicorn chocolate raspberry cupcake
a typical U.S. breakfast- scrambled eggs, center cut bacon and toast with strawberry jam
Spaghetti w/ Meat Sauce
Shrimp Eggrolls
Surf &amp; Turf
a lovely Black Pudding Scotch Egg
Tomato and shrimp rotini pasta
farmhouse dilla
Creamy Cream Puffs for Christmas - made by my mom
Samon Salad
Fresh Ricotta on Sourdough topped with Figs, Pistachio, and Bourbon Infused Honey
Only vegetable salad with beautiful pink radish, lettuce, corn, cucumber, lemon juice and dib roman. You can add crouton or cooked meat to liking!
Scallops, bacon with excessive coarse pea and mint 'pureé'
Roast beef, roast vegetables, salad and mash
Thai salmon parcels with snap peas and jasmine rice
fresh jalebi
beer cheese soup made with Yuengling and Johnsonville beer brats
Gingerbread House
This was the gammon and turkey joints, we had for Christmas Dinner!
Garlic Naan in a Pan
Fruits cheesecake
Subway Italian BMT with lettuce, tomato, onion, black olive, banana peppers, green peppers with extra chipotle sauce and sweet onion sauce.
Nagpur Chana Poha
Moose Chili
Tasty Naan Khatai
Dan Dan Noodles with spicy minced pork, bamboo shoots, scallion, soft-boiled egg and chili broth
Coconutmilk steamed fish with asia style vegetable rice and Riesling wine
Lemon olive oil cake
Venison bourguignon with pasta
Peach Bellini
Clumsy carrot love
Brunch: Deluxe Bloody Mary- brined and fried Cornish Hen with housemade pickles, housemade smoked hot paprika dredge
Gruyere and Chive Souffle
Beautiful blackberries, picked by me!
AirFried WHOLE FISH. tips and tricks to get it Tasty
vegan cheburek
Birria tacos made from venison heart and beef roast
Butter Chicken, Raita and Pakora
Turkey bolognese, rigatoni pasta and vegetables.
Adam Ragusea's tandoori chicken recipe on the pellet smoker
Bolognese sauce over pasta with freshly grated Parmesan
teriyaki hotdog ramen
bacon flowers
Pesto Pasta with salmon. Learning to cook in college.
pheasant with a porcini mushrooms creation.
My attempt on Butter Chicken
Banana Bread! 😄
- San Antonio, Philadelphia, &amp; Shaggy Dog Sushi Rolls
Toasted and buttered English muffin. Egg and cheese sandwich, thick cut bacon and a "hashbrown patty". Topped with ketchup. (Best food pic I've taken.)
Korean Kimchi Galbi Tacos
Romaine Lettuce, Rotini Pasta, Finely shredded Carrot, Finely diced Onion, Crouton, Shredded Cheese, Diced Chicken, Honey glazed Walnut, Asian Sesame Dressing
Where can I find these chips?
sausage and kale soup
Persian love cake with rosewater and cardamom yoghurt, caramel slice, and passion fruit and lime cheesecake.
Brunch is served
Grilled Buffalo Chicken Wings
Ponche de frutas
Rib Sandwich
mini lemon cheesecake with berries
nicoise salad
Quinoa salad with sous vide fennel, orange fillets and pomegranate
Rack of lamb, olives, baby plum tomatoes and salsa verde
It’s National Nugget Day in the US, so I made nuggets using Gardein Chick’n Scallopini &amp; made a Vegan KFC Famous Bowl 😛
this for my breakfast today. Berries, granola, bananas, turmeric, curd, ice cream, almonds, and marigolds.
Made these the other night! Sloppy Joes. Delicious!
- I went to my grandparents &amp; ate my favorite today Pozole
Brand new dutch oven. I made chuck steak with veggies and jalapeno cornbread.
Raviolo al’ Uovo - Butternut Squash &amp; Blue-Rinded Ricotta Salata
Honey toast
Peach Rice Wine and Dak-Galbi
Johnny Ringo: Grilled Potatoes, Shredded Cheese, Brisket, Pulled Pork, Sausage, BBQ Sauce
Simple but amazing - homemade guac with chips and 18 month aged cheddar and pepperoni. Simple and delicious game day!!
Hotlanta steak and cheese sub.
Chilli with corn bread.
Seafood pasta
Fried fish with vegetables
Toasted croissant with smoked ham and melted Swiss cheese.
Venison backstrap, celery root purée, blueberry balsamic reduction
gingerbread cupcakes
Mushroom and pepperoni pizza
king cake
Spicy Peri Peri Chicken
Post-workout meal
Tacos
roasted pork chop chunks &amp; broccoli!
Khengeli
Wholegrain dark bread with an mozzarella omelet and fried pancetta
Noodle soup and roast chicken
French onion soup with asparagus and a tomato, basil, and mozzarella salad
Cinnnamon rolls with cream cheese icing.
Steak sandwich, anyone?
Maltese Rabbit Stew
Vanilla macarons with chocolate ganache
Hamburger
fried chicken
Guava &amp; cream cheese Pastelitos are this Cuban American girl’s favorite! To make them you need Pastry dough, guava paste, cream cheese, eggwash. Follow me on YouTube LelitasKitchen for more recipes
Egg fettuccine with San Marzano tomato sauce
cinnabons
Sweet Potato Chilli with Lime Coriander Rice and Chunky Guacamole
Crustless Vegetable Quiche
Salmon, broccoli, and sweet potato!
Spring Mix/Arugula Salad with Cashew Dressing and Wild Blueberry/Dragon Fruit Smoothie
Portuguese Meat and Potatoes
Creamy garlic &amp; mushroom tagliatelle with rocket
cool hole sadnwihd
Korean black bean noodles
fudge walnut brownies with vanilla buttercream glaze
Artisanal pasta
Herb-Roasted Turkey
spooky chcocolate cake
Vietnamese Garlic Noodles with grilled shrimp and compound butter
butternut squash, pomegranate, feta, mint and toasted pine nut salad. With pomegranate molasses dressing.
curry pumpkin soup
Citrus &amp; Vanilla Sponge Cake with a Citrus Cream and Marmalade-Based Filling
Crispy Chicken salad
Potato Leek Soup with Toasted Cheesy Sourdough
Chinese minced pork over rice
Homesick and was craving a Seattle dog so I made one. Cream cheese, sautéed onions, sauerkraut, grilled jalepeños, sriracha - on a hoagie.
smoked bacon wrapped turkey
chicken noodle soup ❤️
Scrambled eggs, bacon and pepperoniciabatta.
Lemon and chocolate biscuit whit Dulce de leche
chilli and tortillas
Chicken &amp; Vegetable Stir-fry
Pfannkuchen
French roasted chicken on vegetables
Deep fried Cod with a honey butter garlic sauce served with zucchini fries
Carne Asada Taco
Street style tacos
Chocolate Cake Only 3 Ingredients | Oreo Biscuit Cake |  Food
Fat Breakfast Burrito
carrotcake
credit to my mom. Bánh Bò
Siakoy for today
Green Veggie Pasta Bake
Açaí Bowl
Try This Omelette  Click on this link https://www.pinterest.com/pin/746682813219168815/
Miso Ramen | Pork Tenderloin | Soft Boiled Egg | Leek | Radish | Scallion | Roasted Red Pepper | Nori
Cranberry curd tart with almond crust.
Roast Chicken, Gravy, Dressing, Sweet Potato Mash, Green Beans &amp; Cranberry Sauce
Lemon Raspberry cake
Challah braid
Mile high pumpkin pie
egg noodles
Pan seared chicken thighs with sautèd asparagus tips and baked sweet potato.
Smoked meat
I live by myself and its been kind of tough with the lockdown so I adopted a kitten 6 weeks ago. Bandito has made life much better.
Full American (Happy Thanksgiving!)
sushi sandwich
tomato soup. So worth the work
Sugar donuts with pastry cream
INDIA vs ENGLAND 2nd Test, Day 3 Live Score: Kohli, Ashwin steady India's innings after middle order collapse
Indian style tres leches cake
pasta burrata and fresh basil
Soy-glazed Chicken and Stir-fry Veggies
Baklava Easter EggHomemade Cheese Burger Sliders
RASGULLA!
bolognese ragu and some fresh made garlic bread
bulgogi kimchi fries
Garlic + creamy blue mince, Spinach wraps.
Blackened Tilapia Tacos with a Jalapeño based salsa and a side of Elote
Ros Omlette- Goan street food
My fav kind night bowl noodlepower
breakfast flatbread
Cheesy Garlic Home fries, with Smoked Sausage.
Ravioli al Uovo
Pepperoni Pizza Slice
Mini cherry pies last 4th of July
Chinese chive pockets
Roasted Thanksgiving Duck
Stilton, sopressata, Carr’s crackers, and a honeycrisp apple from my 22 year old tree
Spaghetti mini sip out of a sandwich bag
Hotpot is so good on a cold day.
Teppenyaki Lamb Chop
Fish Tacos
An at home double double. So much better than the original.
reverse seared bone-in ribeye
Teriyaki Chicken and Rice
shackburger and fries
Congee
Earth goes to the doctor...
Beef and chicken fried rice
Pancit Canton
rustic breakfast pizza in an Ooni
Cannoli’s!
Langosta al whisky
a lobster roll.
*Gumbo Deluxe: Louisiana-style roux, lump crab, scallops, shrimp, spicy andouille sausage, and chicken w/ a cajun lobster tail, *A spicy, chilled black-eyed pea salad, *And honey-baked cornbread w/ sweet vidalia onions*
Sandwich on fresh baked bread with still warm bbq chips
this Beautiful McDonalds Burger
Scallops in white wine sauce with cheesy mushroom rissoto and Steamed brocolli
Roasted Red Pepper and Pinenut with Handmade Tagliatelle; Sauteed Kale and Fresh Parmesan Cheese!
Weed pizza :)
Most photogenic husky
mushroom curry
pork burger
Eggs Benedict with American Bacon
Classic Fried Eggs In Bacon Grease
Police: 6 killed at Oklahoma home, person taken into custody - Associated Press
Saffron Scented Chicken Pilaf
Chicken drumsticks poppers
Salted Caramel &amp; Dark Chocolate Profiteroles
Mojarra Frita y coconut arroz
Blackened buffalo chicken wings and seasoned rice
Shepherd’s Pot Pie
Chicago style polish dog.
Heart Shaped Pizza
parboiled then oven cooked BBQ ribs. Tender and delicious!
7up Cake
Barbecue ribs
Cheese Curd, Ham, Peppercorn Gravy and Sunny Egg loaded Fries!
Yummy Tomato risotto with Salmon
Cashew chicken
Tom Brady, Rob Gronkowski recreate viral video after reaching Super Bowl 2021 - New York Post Papaya with Lemon
Broccoli, Cheddar, Chicken Braid
Medium sous vide filet mignon over mashed potatoes with a side of honey roasted carrot chips
blackberry pancakes
Tonkatsu!
Brownies with marshmallows and toasted pecans
Spouse is out of town, defying the starving bachelor stereotype. Medium rare sous vide Ribeye, Cajun rice stuffed salmon, roasted broccoli, shaved and pan seared Brussels sprouts w/balsamic glaze. Paired with a heady Cab Sav.
Honey Lemon Cheesecake and Green tea latte.
Milk tea with brown sugar boba
bacon and eggs with fries and a cucumber and berry salad
Oreo Cheescake
Lobster risotto w/ basil crisp and citrus ali-oli
22 SAMOSA EATING CHALLENGE
Making eggplant parm. Are these eggplants still good? Smell fine but never seen those bigger brown holes before.
Shrimp Fajitas
Full English
Steamed Pork Bao
Elk fillet steak in Kiruna, Sweden
chilli and garlic prawns in the bbq.
Shrimp po’boy with lump crab aioli
Grilled Cheese Ramen
Bread and chicken masala
Christmas carrot cake
Tri tip.
Texas Navel Orange Soufflé
laminated chocolate babka with Nutella
strawberry bingsu and fresh strawberry soda in hongdae, seoul
pull pork fries
tuiles with ice cream and blackberries ontop of a blueberry sauce
Hazelnut dessert with gold on top (SO GOOD!)
Beef noodle stir fry
Creamy Penne Pesto Pasta
Blackened Cajun and Hickory smoke Salmon
Look at her living life like she pays her own vet bills
Swedish meatballs over smashed fingerling potatoes.
Apple Cider Donuts
jalapeño cheddar sausage with caramelized onions and sweet peppers stuffed pork loin. Candied sweet potatoes.
...my daughter's $10 BLT. I've never seen anything like this in my life...no way this is a money maker for the restaurant 😂 🥓
smoked duck
Ramen with Pork, Beef, Asparagus, Cabbage, Scallion, Egg
Felafel in Vietnamese Spring rolls: with scallions, fried red onions, fish roe and hoisin sauce
Makhani sauce Bread Pizza with Paneer Topping
Grilled Skirt Steak
sausage egg n cheese breakfast sandwich
grilled cheese on sourdough with chededer, cilantro, and chorizo
Garlic Parmesan Chicken Wings
Roasted Garlic and Rosemary Dutch Oven Bread
Chole and Aloo Masala with Puris and Yogurt
Egg Roll in a Bowl
GAMEDAY CHEESE SAUCE
Astrakhan Oscietra Caviar
Shiro Wat (Ethiopian Chickpea Stew)
Who doesn’t love warm, moist and tender blueberry buttermilk pancakes?
Only 3-Ingredient Cookie Cake!
“”KADAI CHICKEN RECIPE | KADAI CHICKEN RESTAURANT STYLE | KADAI CHICKEN MASALA RECIPe
Giant Chicken Parm w/ Scalloped Potatoes and Creamed Asparagus.
peanutbutter and banana sandwich
Gluten Free Alfredo Sauce Pizza omg.....
Grilled Cheese, Ramen Noodles, and an ice cold Mountain Dew. An American classic.
Tasty breakfast for a great week's start
colours of the Taco rainbow
Best cooking
Poffertjes (Dutch Mini Pancakes)
Mexican Chicken Wrap
Smoked Country Style Ribs
hoisin duck with pancakes
Herb-crusted rack of lamb, celery root puree, duck fat potatoes and red wine gastrique
i made French toast for my moms birthday
blueberry lemon, double chocolate and coffee pecans cupcakes
Hazelnut-Chocolate Entremet Tartlet
Cheetos chicken burger
Cinnamon Cream Cheese Muffins
Oak smoked tomahawk steak
Tik Tok inspired egg and tuna salad bell pepper boats
pepperoni &amp; pineapple pizza
Strawberry swirl mini cheesecakes with Nilla wafer cookie crust.
matcha white chocolate blondie bars
Smothered Breakfast Burrito
M&amp;Ms Cookies
Timbo sandwich - cheddar and jack cheese, caramelized onions, pickled jalapenos and mustard on potato bread
Spiced Pecan &amp; Hazelnut Granola
my favorite dish ... my pizza
Fried chicken and mash
veal chop cutlet with Asparagus risotto and spinach
'Tis the season for crispy butter fried chanterelles to pile on a thick slice of sourdough bread
Buffalo and blue cheese tots
Honeycomb Toffee.
Beef Stew in a Sourdough Bread Bowl.
New York Cheesecake with strawberries
Thai Carrot and Papaya "Som Tum" Salad
Jjajangmyeon (Black Bean Sauce Noodles) - Seoul
a good Tonkotsu Ramen
Cheddar drop biscuits
Desafio De Comer | Laranja Irritante E Minions | Cozinhando ASMR Vídeos ...
Thai Fried Rice
creme brulee!!!
sourdough pretzels. Flaky salt.
Sweet potato gnocchi!
Windows 10X booted on the Lumia 950XL shows Microsoft’s OS scales well on mobile - XDA Developers
Porchetta with giardiniera.
Reverse seared NY strip with sautéed mushrooms and garlic parm green beans
The dolphin loves it!
hot n sour fish
Sirloin with a Mushroom Gorgonzola Pan Sauce. Served with Roasted Broccoli and Potatoes.
Leftover Birria and Consomé
Beer bread
Entrecote Café de Paris sous-vide
Birthday Pizza
Quinoa bowl with roasted chicken and roasted veges.
Cuban Style Roast Pork
Kimchi stew with pork belly
Venison &amp; Feta Cheese Meatballs
Braised chicken thighs in garlic wine sauce
popcorn
The best cookie bars I've ever had!
Last dinning outdoor food I’ll get till December😍
Candied lemon
Venison Steak Diane
garlic Parmesan wings
Finally got over the cast iron skillet intimidation! Steak Asparagus Potatoes
ran out of buns burger
butter tart
French Pillsbury Pizza Pockets
You came to say hello 😊❤️⁩ Winter cake😋😋
Christmas dinner raviolis. They have: Ricotta, Mozzarella, Fontina, Parmigiano Reggiano, Basil, and Nutmeg in 'em.
Pork Katsu for New Years!
Valentine's day Cake
This Chimichanga Makes Me Angry!
Pan-fried chicken for dinner
Creamy spinach and gnocchi soup with rosemary bacon
Easy Mickey Pesto Pizza Recipe
Supreme Pizza + mushrooms
lasagna (extra ricotta) da right way
Raspberry &amp; Blueberry Fruit Tart Recipe Included!
quesadillas
Meatballs and Garlic Bread
lemon meringue tart
Atom toast
Ukrainian vareniki with caramelized onions &amp; sour cream
cheddar chive buttermilk biscuits
Walnut &amp; Pistachio Baklava
sloppy joe's and fries
My variation of Italian Pasta with Pesto (stronger and tastier!)
Best Kanafeh I have ever had
Quesa Birria Taco Pizza
Short Ribs with Winter Vegetables
Beef Stew -
Chakki Atta Whole Wheat Bread
Girl Scout Cookies delivered to my house!
Roasted hot chocolate
Roasted chicken and veggies.
Guittard chocolate chunk cookies
Beef Roast I made the other day. Came out well :)
Snickerdoodle cookie dough. Visually satisfying, tastes great!
açaí bowel
mushroom sauce!
Oysters cooked in the oven, lemon sabayon, roasted halzelnuts, lemon zest
A Noodle Story medium Ramen
Chocolate brownie so fudgey it glues your mouth together
Mozzarella, Havarti and cheddar grilled cheese. I was craving a  classic
Bearded angry goat cheese on Homemade Tartine sourdough
a slice of my  carrot cake
India vs England, 2nd T20I: Having Plan 'B' won't hurt India - Times of India
White Chocolate Vanilla Bean Panna Cotta with Raspberry Coulis 🙂
I live in an 1880s farmhouse that I am slowly restoring. Sometimes after a long, hectic day, I like to bake by lamplight, the same way the lady of the house used to bake in this same kitchen, using Victorian recipes. A nice way to wind down at the end of the day.
An Entire Assorted Cheesecake Platter!
Bulgogi marinaded chicken, Veggies, Basmati rice, and fried egg
rice soup. I always love to eat this with my gf after going out.
Dry aged striploin (NY strip), sautéed mushrooms and asparagus. (Store bought peppers/potatoes from the butcher)
Tapas
1kg Tomahawk Steak
Rosanna Pansino's Apple Roses
Beef plate dinosaur ribs smoked over mesquite lump coal with pecan hardwood
Conches with Gorgonzola-Sauce, caramelized pear and Balsamico-Creme. It was delicious
perfect egg i cooked
Classic mince pies &amp; lemon and blueberry biscotti
Steaks Ready for the Sous Vide!
Sirloin steak with mushroom &amp; red wine sauce, roast potatoes &amp; broccoli
Challah French Toast
eggs and shishito peppers and parm
maple bourbon creme brûlée
I made  Pancakes!
Classic Rosemary Rack of Lamb Marinating Overnight
bakery for christmass
quinoa poke with a bunch of veggies salmon and mango.
Pesto Fusili with Eggs🍳
Pizza Night
tuna tartare
Cheese &amp; Mushroom &amp; Broccoli &amp; Pepper
Fried eggs with cheese, greens
japchae
Banana French Toast
Couscous, pre-steamed
/ Homegrown oyster mushrooms ready for garlic and butter saute
Steak salad!
what is the healthiest way to eat garlic-nutritional value
Vegan Buritto
Pho using instant pot, perfect for these cold nights.
elotes 💖
Manakish
African Reviews Turkish Food
goat curry - needed some more chilli!
Spicy leftovers instant beef ramen.
Tres leches served on the tray
turkey and sides
Pear cobbler
Takoyaki
Rib eye steak
meatloaf.
Ham and cheese sandwiches
Recent Match Report - Bangladesh vs West Indies 1st Test 2020/21 - ESPNcricinfo
The Jazz Chef’s Croque Signore riff on the mundane Monsieur
Biden breaks his silence on Cuomo sexual harassment scandal, declines to call for his resignation - Fox News
jajang myun - black bean paste noodles
Boti Kebab Haleem Ke Kebab
fig and bacon jamon white toast
Try Raro! From New Zealand 🇳🇿 it’s similar to #kool-aid but you don’t need to add sugar :)
strawberry milkshake! 😋
chicken pot pi
chocolate lava cake with raspberry sauce.
Kluna tik comiendo una CAJA DE ALMUERZO DE HORROR BENTO - ASMR Mukbang f...
Seafood Paella Balls with Smoked Paprika Aioli
Easy dessert
Potatoes Croquette stuffed with Cheese and Kimchi
A "Corn Dog".
M&amp;M Cookies (Cookie Monsters)
Here it is: The Last Dawn. 1 pack thick bacon, 2 eggs, and 0.4lb bison. I cannot believe I ate this whole thing, let alone in under 8 minutes without trying. I can safely say it definitely worth almost dying over when eating!
knockoff cheddar bay biscuits
Thai Inspired Rice Noodles with Chicken
Yakult Ice Cream
duck breast torchons
Lamb in mint and thyme marinade and baked in oven for 8 hours
beef ribs and baby potatoes coconut curry with naan.
Crispy Noodles
Elk stroganoff.
Thin Crust Pizza
waffles with butterscotch and ice-cream
Vanilla Cream Pie
Shrimp Chili Sup
My goal this 2021 is to go from chubby to abs, so I tried making a cauliflower pizza/crust and it WORKED! I’m so so happy and proud! Cheers to everyone and their health goals!
Pumpkin brioche with pumpkin-and-spices jam and sour cream
Pulled Pork Burger 🍔
pita bread with chicken kabab
Sous Vide Salmon/ Lime &amp; Cilantro Rice/ Steamed Vegetables
Cacio e Pepe Beet &amp; Ricotta Gnocchi, Matty Matheson’s Burn Your Tongue Caesar Salad, Bruschetta
Crawfish Monica
Vegetarian Green Tea Soba
kobe beef steak
Veg Pizza Toast
Mahi Mahi tacos at Gosman's in Montauk, NY
American Wagyu Brisket
Simple grilled veggies, chicken thighs and potatoes.
indian samosas
garlic grilled shrimp with cream corn at sixty vines orlando
Vanilla Cake with fresh Strawberry Buttercream.
Pancakes.
surf and turf, fresh lobsters caught this morning off the cost of Massachusetts, filet mignon and fingerling potatoes.
Sesame bun beef burger
tiny English muffins.
Coffee, Blueberry Pie, Passionfruit and Pistachio Bonbons
chocolate chip cake with whip cream icing shaped as a cat.
My peanut butter caramel kiss reindeer cookies for secret Santa drop offs
Asparagus risotto with various consistencies
Turkish Pide
Pork chops and grits with apple bourbon cream sauce
Crab Bake
two dry aged ribeye steaks. Left one is 60 days, right one is 120 days.
Vivhyssoise
Chicken burger
""Cake recipe in telugu|Custard cake in telugu|Eggless custard cake| Eggle...
Turkey sandwich
Biscuits and Sausage Gravy
Let's have a Paella (Valencia Style....)
Prosciutto and Fontina on Cornetto
Pearl Spot Fish Nirvana
Wok Noodles
Carrot Dogs!
60cm Pizza Funghi-Aglio (32cm on the right)
charcuterie platter
stir fry udon noodles with shrimp, bok choi and basil
Garlic Noodles and Tilapia
What’s for dinner? Fried Rice
Moose and hash browns with red wine demiglace
Gingerbread House
Korean style braised short ribs
Oven french fries
Risotto with parmesan cream, sausage and mushrooms
burger with cheddar, caramelized onions and homemade pickles and ‘special’ sauce
oc
Food
Spicy cranberry jelly hamburger with mayo, lettuce, onion, tomato on grilled buns
poached eggs salmon and avocado
Halloumi burger with sauteed mushrooms and onions, homemade guacamole and gochujang mayonnaise
Wagyu steak burger with caramelised balsamic and truffle honey red onions and garlic parmesan truffle oil coated chips with some garlic and chilli mayo
Rib-Eye, perfectly sealed then oven cooked for three hours.
Hot Dog and Cha Sui Bao
Smoked Fish Pie
I made Dutch baby pancakes last weekend! I love how it turned out.
Neapolitan pizza baked on a stone!
Classic Spaghetti Carbonara
NY style sesame seed bagels
Veal Parm &amp; Baked Ziti
Super tacos carnitas

ube ice cream and peanut butter milk shake, with pecan cover
Roasted Duck, Confit Duck Legs, Candied Gooseberries, Crispy Rainbow Chard, Duck Fat Fingerlings and Turnips, Chili Crisp
Panna Cotta
chili on rice
Relaxing Slime Compilation ASMR | Oddly Satisfying Slime ASMR Videos #32
Some fresh gnocchi and pesto I made for dinner
Spicy miso ramen with corn, soy-marinated egg, spring onion, and braised chashu
Kiwi Rose Cake.
Quinoa salad
I made some of them. #foods from different countries. February, 2020
pan seared salmon with creamed spinach and sautéed green beans
Barley ginkgo dessert
gnocchi with butter and crispy sage
Lamb and baby eggplants.
Deepdish Detroit style pizza.
Herb and Garlic Focaccia
Kawlata (Ham Hock and Root Veg Soup w/ Sheep Milk Cheese)
Hot Thai Chicken
Pumpkin flan
Shrimp and sausage gumbo
Rustic Punjabi Thali
Hazelnut Gelato Dipped in Chocolate and Pistachio
Pomegranate molasses roasted poussin on a bed of spiced rice with raisins, barberries, and pine nuts
Chicken tenders, cactus cut chips and dip.
Christmas dinner. Prime rib, veggies, and (not pictured) mashed potatoes (:
Lamb Sunday dinner
Simple butter chicken and rice. I don’t need much more in life.
Chicken kebab, tabouli, and za’atar pita
chicken stroganoff with mashed cauliflower and green beans
Vanilla Heart Attack
glittered cookies and cream ice cream
Traditional Carbonara
Spaghetti Carbonara with a Pollo twist.
Smoked Burgers In N Out Animal Style
Slow roast beef street tacos
Chilli Chicken Wrap - Spicy
Drive and Drop Food Drive Helps Collect Food for the Needy - TAPinto.net
Shrimp and steak Tacos
Duck breast with braised endive
Minestrone
Trump lawyers decry impeachment case as political vengeance - The Associated Press
Egg Benedict with guacamole
Cách làm bánh xèo miền Trung ngon giòn tan
Meat Lovers Pizza with Smoked Mozzarella
valentines chocolate chip pancakes with whipped cream and strawberry
Double Smashburger on a Martins Potato Roll
Hoisin-Turkey Meatballs with Mai Fun and Glazed Sweet Potatoes and Split Peas
Hickory smoked brisket
Pepperoni Stuffed Mushrooms
Salmon Pho
Ignore my disgusting college house but I made spicy shrimp po’ boys, battered fries and jambalaya.
Cinnamon bun apple pie!
Roasted chicken, cornbread, pinto beans, asparagus, potatoes, and carrots
Brioche French Toast with Peach jam and Bloody Marys
Sous vide turkish soft boiled eggs w lemon, evoo and yogurt
Chili Cheeseburger sub
https://ift.tt/3pOp2Ty
Amish Corned Beef Sandwich w Russian dressing and pickles
brownies
T.O.P 53 NEW：Ice Mukbang - Satisfying Crunchy Sounds !Ice Eating ASMR! (Video Edit)
Cajun Shrimp &amp; White Cheddar Grits with Uncured Bacon
Steak and noodles
Butter Chicken with Basmati Rice
Fried chicken, mac and cheese, and mashed potatoes
butter chicken
Cashew Vegetable Stir Fry
Pineapple mooncake
an Authentic Maine Lobster Roll
instant pot pulled pork!
Marscapone Pasta with BBQ Jerk Honey Chicken &amp; Salad
This is from Thanksgiving, these are Gravy Stuffed Stuffing Muffins!
Foie Gras
French Almond and Orange Cake
Ham, mushroom cheese omelet with avocado and tomatillo salsa
7 Simple Recipes To Try When You Are Home
The same chicken shawarma pizza as the guy yesterday
Baked salmon, cucumber kimchi, and chili saute with green onions/Maggi, and white rice = lunch
cinnamon buns baked with freshly picked apples on the day itself
Siniyeh - minced meat, potatoes, tomatoes and tahini
Fish taco with a pear and red cabbage slaw and a chipotle aiole
Used a match to make a tiny smore.
cheesy beefy afternoon snack wrap with honey sriracha and scallions
Corn Dogs
Corn bread
Lemon posset with rhubarb
Milk Bar Crack Pie
Chicken in a cone
Buy India’s Best Gulab Jamun Online At Best Price From Kailash Sweets
waffles with strawberry syrup and whipped cream
Calzone.
Chickenbreast, broccoli, pasta and creamed mushroomsauce!
That BLT though (  bread )
Smoked Pork Belly
Honey Chicken
Flan whit Dulce de Leche
Spaghetti with tomato and kale
checkered chirashi and aburi sushi
Plum, White Nectarine and Strawberry Galette
Korean Bibim Naengmyeon
Pastor Killed in Texas Church Shooting, Officials Say - The New York Times
Sausage Bread Roll (Pig in a Blanket)
Gyros with twisted Potatoes and Tzatziki.
Ribeye, Creamed Spinach, Baked Potato
Hot Dogs and Chips for Lunch
Seafood Basket!
Ice Cream Balls
spinach noodle pasta
Thick cut Kansas City strip grilled over hickory coals
spicy garlic shrimp. Fresh caught Georgia Atlantic shrimp.
Fried meatball hoagie with mozzarella and sautéed spinach.
Lechon de leche
BBQ Beef Brisket
Dry cured, hickory smoked bacon three ways (Maple, Honey+Black pepper, Molasses+smoked paprika+chili flakes)
Buttery Garlicky Brioche
Chicago style pizza for Friday evening
Sunday macaroni
Christmas Beef Wellington
Tiradito Nikkei
chocolate tart with roasted pecans and sea salt
PSA: If you use Facebook or Oculus products/services, you are supporting a criminal organization
Vanilla Sponge Cake (Castella)
cranberry sorbet / meringue and burnt honey dust / star anise fermented cranberries
Tips To Improve Pasta, Spicy Prawn &amp; Garlic Linguini
Tortilla breakfast BLT with ham &amp; cheese wrap
I made this  sweet potato chili casserole in a cast iron skillet.
chicken and mushroom puff pastry pie, with a shortcrust base
Tonkatsu sandwich
Underground BANANA Leaf FISH Recipe by Daddy
Chicken sandwich on pretzel bun with slaw
Vegan (peppers and beans) burger with Tzatziki sauce
Peruvian Roast Chicken, Sausage and Sage Stuffing, and Brussel Sprouts
I tried out a post modern cheese board
sourdough rye
Scallops and grits
Steak with garlic butter
Beef Stew

Grilled marinated pork chop, baked potato, crab legs, and jalapeno pickled eggs
Advent calendar Box of Chocolates
asian sausage rolls
Beef and Onion Pizza
air fryer dynamite shrimp
Holubtsi aka Ukrainian Stuffed Cabbage 🇺🇦
Aged Cheddar Mac and Cheese
Special dinner recipe with chicken breast
Singaporean chili crab
simple pork ramen
Gnocchi With Roasted Vegetables
strawberry shortcake with vanilla ice cream &amp; wipped cream 😋Sometimes you can’t go wrong with simple. I’ll take it.🙃
Tiramisu, epically delicious
French Baguette
Chicken Parm
Bibimpap with Beef Bulgogi.
French dip
lemon tarte
Udon Noodle Soup
- Easy One Pot French Onion Mac and Cheese
Satan would be so proud.
Yucca con Chicharron
Carne Asada Tacos!
Mexican tower of meat - beef, pork, chicken
Sago/Tapioca Pearls Polenta
Boiled corn with cheese and spices
Phó
Glutenfree Banana &amp; Cinnamon Bread
steak chilli shoyu ramen
Strawberry Yogurt &amp; Cinnamon Agave Granola with Berries Three Ways &amp; Pistachio
Bacon wrapped jalapeño poppers ! Came out yummy
“Genghis Khan” a Hokkaido dish with grilled lamb, mutton, and veggies cooked on a grill with a raised mound in the center
Mongolian Steak Tacos
Orange Chicken
Samak Tibsi
Nếu bạn đang cần tìm một chiếc máy tạo viên cho năng suất cao đồng thời có khả năng tạo viên có nhân bên trong thì đừng nên bỏ qua bài viết này. Bepdo.com sẽ giới thiệu đến bạn một chiếc máy tạo viên bao nhân không thể thiếu ở bất kì cơ sở làm thịt viên, cá viên,… chuyên nghiệp nào.
cinnamon bun with cream cheese icing (cross section)
Kung pao shrimp
Pepe Cake
Cauliflower Fried Rice with Spam and Eggs
Fish Curry with some extra Masala's
KINH HOÀNG với Bữa Sáng Kiểu Anh từ Zombie - Thánh Nấu Ăn ASMR Stop Mot...
Making  Steak Diane
Original Moroccan Soup Harira
Chicken Tortilla Soup
Inaugural 2021 Breakfast Burrito!

Argentina: Quintessential porteño living : a slice of muzza straight out of the oven, roughly cut + slung onto the plate without any pomp or ceremony + a triangle of faina - a chickpea flatbread.
My brother found a stray last night.. seems like she’s already taken a liking to us. Say hello to Mouse!
Breakfast burrito with spicy potatoes and bacon
Korean fried chicken Bao buns
Tom kha gai based shrimp soup
Chicken cutlet and sautéed broccoli
chilled coconut summer soup
cast iron burger with onions and mushrooms.
red velvet cake
Fries with lamb, feta, &amp; drizzled fat
Perfectly Fluffy Biscuits
Thinking of making Christmas Dinner again, just to make more of these bad boys! Can’t wait a whole year for the Moistmaker part Deux!!
Lions Mane Crab Cakes
Cheez-It Ravioli
Cast Iron Cheeseburger
sandwich, had Cheetos on the side but ate them :)
Drunken Clam
Bami goreng
Smoked Chicken &amp; Ribs
pretzel bites
Tacos de lengua, with salsa mixta, pickled habanero onions. 🥵🤤
Forest inspired cake
Key lime pie
Hot Dog Buns 🌭
Pulled pork bagel sandwich
Chocolate Mousse with sugar Foam and Herbs on “Fruitgarden”
salmon, quickled cukes, rice with a sweet and spicy sauce
Cod fish tacos
chili &amp; fries.
Pork Carnitas Breakfast Sandwich
Traditional Finnish rye bread
Pho in Sugar Land, TX
Octopus challah
Profiteroles filled with Crème pâtissière and topped with Chocolate Ganache
Pan Seared Salmon with Lemon Burre Blanc, Roasted Asparagus/Garlic Mashed Potatoes on the Side
Austrian Desert, a quark dumpling called "Topfennockerl", with sweat caramel-applesauce on the side.
peanut noodles with fresh cayenne, chive blossoms, and lime
Lemon Bundt Cake
Cantharellus ramen
Bbq Chicken with Dirty Rice and Smoked Corn.
crockpot roast and onions with pan fried brussel sprouts on a bed of buttered noodles and parsley
Vietnamese Steamed Flour Cake
Long John Silver's
some noodles and rice
venison winter vegetable stew over perogies
Strawberry French toast stuffed with Mascarpone
Boneless dry ribs
Seared then basted steak
Pillowy White Bread
Pot stickers
Mummy jalapeño poppers
Kimbap (without Spam)
Mushroom, Purple Onion, Pepperoni, Thick Crust Pizza
First time making sushi (im 15 btw)
Butternut Squash Mac and Cheese
Egg in a Hole Sandwich with Salami and Cheddar
Guava &amp; cream cheese Cuban Pastelitos Lelita’s kitchen on YouTube
Baby aubergine tonkatsu with teriyaki and back vinegar dipping sauce
Crunchwrap Supreme with Filet Mignon.
Fried Chicken w/Mashed Potatoes &amp; Gravy, and Buttermilk Biscuits
Almond Lime Cake with Coconut Mascarpone Frosting and Strawberry Filling
pappardelle
(unreasonably large) Nashville hot chicken sandwich with pickles
Southern inspired fried quail w/ käsespätzle "mac n cheese" &amp; hot sauce.
Sauerkraut juice, fermented garlic honey, and ginger bug. Delicious.
Burger Heaven!
Rack of lamb with balsamic reduction
Chicken potstickers
Asian breakfast hash
caramelized corn pate / peanut oil / brioche
bulgogi-marinated steak sandwich w/cukes
Roasted chicken thigh with marinated artichoke hearts and cherry tomatoes on mashed Yukon gold potatoes.
Sushi Platter
Aunt Mary’s Beef Stew
Gochujang Fried Chicken Wraps
Valentine’s Day platter! ❤️
ATK Lemon meringue pie.
fried turkey, breaded broccoli, cranberry relish, stuffing, and mashed potatoes
boa buns with pulled pork
two-ingredient pancakes
Chicken shawarma pizza with stuffed crust and garlic dipping sauce
Salted Peanut and White Chocolate Rice crispy Treat Bunnies ""
Whole lot of people think that eating healthy is hard. Im just gonna leave this here.
Saffron and sausage risotto
Red Braised Pork Belly (Hong Shao Rou)
Chicken Tinga Tacos
Bacon, omelette and cheese sandwich
Gambas al Ajillo and Brocollis with chorizo
some Great British Fish &amp; Chips by the, seaside.
Chicago Stuffed Pizza Slice
Thánh Nấu Ăn - AMONG US Bị Nấu Thành Món BÁNH TACO | Crazy Chef ASMR/ Un...
Christmas dinner (leftovers!) - barbecue chicken, mac n cheese w/ bacon, kale greens w/ more bacon and cornbread w/ even more BACON
Arab dinner including baba ganoush, hummus, toum, and roasted chicken
Garden fresh bagle. Yellow plum tomatoes, lemon cucumber and chives. All home grown.
Pan Fried pork chop with garlic mashed potatoes, apple sauce and blackberry salad with raspberry dressing
Just a simple asian  (1) fried rice (2) soy and garlic chicken
Easy Tortilla Breakfast BLT + Ham &amp; Cheese Wrap
Grilled Pork Chop
burgers from an Exxon station. Lavon, TX
Skirt Steak with a chimichurri sauce with potatoes and grilled veggies !
This caramel wafer bar was from my February Universal Yums package!
steak sandwiches. Nasturtiums for the *tang. Balsamic reduction for the *sweet. Homegrown Roma’s for just no comparison.
Double Smash Burger
Potato corn dogs
I made a ratatouille, based on the movie of course.
Chocolate covered bacon
Lamb and lobster
Purple Turkey
Potato/yam breakfast hash with steak
Red Velvet Rice Crispy Treats
Don’t know how to spell it but made a shark coot ery board for Christmas Eve
French Onion Soup
Mini Chocolate Cake (that even children can do)
Shrimp Po Boy on Homemade Baguette
Brioche Vietnamese Cinnamon Bun Pull Apart
Traditional Beef Tenderloin with Peppers and Onions
Sausage rolls made with smoky onion relish. Flaky pastry made with a mix of lard and butter
Cheesecake with Chocolate Cake layers
Lengua and chorizo burrito.
Short Rib Cottage Pie with White Cheddar Mashed Potatoes
Pokébowl 🥭
Cheese Board
roasted chicken with salad and potato wedges
Chorizo &amp; Pea Risotto
Cajun Chicken Pasta!
saltimbocca, risotto milanese and green beans
Honey buffalo wings
Rose sugar cookies
Honey Habanero Pork Spare Ribs
BIR Curry Base Sauce
Cream puffs
CARBONARA
Off-the-Shelf Macaron plating for valentine's day
French bread toast, drizzled with balsamic, melted brie, avocado, and necessary spices.
sauces and rubs co
Pizza for One!
Tomato soup
smoked salmon &amp; cucumber crostini with a poached egg and dill, lemon yogurt sauce
Chicken Cacciatore
Big Burger
Bulgogi beef and broccoli bowl
Sfogliatella
Salmon Sesame Crusted
panko breaded, muenster and pepperoni stuffed chicken breast.
Cricket marred by hatred: Rahul Gandhis veiled comment on Wasim Jaffer row - Hindustan Times
charcuterie board and eggnog
The House Special
Easy Tasty Paneer Paratha
Matcha drink w/ matcha ice-cream
Harry Potter cookies
dahl
Chicken Noodle Soup.
Malloreddus (gnochetti Sardi) with sausage and fennel ragù...SO GOOD!
Roasted vegetables over white cheddar grits.
Buttery tart with zucchini, carrots and fresh thyme.
Brownie
mexican-style spicy wrap🌮
Spicy Fried Chicken Gua Bao
chargrilled Chicken Kebabs
Club sandwich
Assorted Cookies
Wings from the oven
A snack spread of cured meats, cheese, fruit, bread nuts and spreads
Discussed Situation With PM Modi, Says Australian PM Amid Facebook Row - NDTV
Shrimp &amp; Grits
Golden Pompano with bilimbi, ginger, 🧄, 🧅, 🍅, and olive oil
Chicken Parmesan
From Viral Video To Shark Tank To Multi-Million Dollar Company - Forbes
fruit cake cookies for our family cookie swap (Bc of the covis).
Leftover Turkey Pot “Pie” with biscuits instead of a crust
crab cakes
Tacos ala Alambre
@Ramen Kuroda- my happy dose!
baked potatoes with green beans in bacon.
Chili with cornbread
I call it the "waffle house" - it's in essence scattered smothered covered peppered hash browns in a waffle (mostly potatoes for the waffle)
Crispy Cajun Deep Fried Gator Nuggets
DNA Exclusive: WhatsApp's latest policy update may further encroach on the privacy of users? - Zee News
Abetini
Quesadilla Pizza Wrap (Urdu/Hindi)
Spaghetti in pesto sauce
Salt Baked Spare Ribs &amp; Shrimp Chow Mein
Today for lunch tater tot greatness was achieved. Air fried garlic parmesan tater tots, my mind is blown!
Potato Pancakes using leftover KFC mashed potatoes
Vegan Avocado BLT. A third piece of bread is hidden in the middle.
Hazelnut Crema on Toasted Panettone
I made “” beef pot pies
salmon with salsa verde and black beans.
Mushroom Masala
Steaks and eggs with some Vietnamese meatballs
Dark Chocolate Salted Caramels
Brown butter chocolate chip cookies with toffeed pecans.
Just made some pancakes
Loaded Bloody Mary
Stuffed, roasted acorn squash.
THC HAWAI'I RAINBOW CHOCOLATE. Hawai'i (USA) Grown Cacao, Organic Raw Cane Sugar, Dream Dog distillate 85% THC (Gluten, Soy and Cruelty-Free)
Beer battered fish ‘n chips, double fried french fries and cajun tartar sauce
Fermented Thai Chiles, Onion, Garlic, and Ginger, blended with Distilled White Vinegar.
Aloo Gobi
Double cheeseburger and Porter.
Detroit Style Pepperoni Pizza
Roast Beef Joint by yours truly
Wanna Get The Most Emotional And Wonderful Culinary Feeling
Pot roast, roasted vegetables, garlic mashed potatoes, and gravy.
Pesto pizza frumpets (French toast crumpets)
Instant-Ramen with Steak
DJ themed birthday sugar cookies
Ribs and curly fries
Ginger pork noodle soup
Chilled "Yemenite" Pea Soup with Cardamom Yogurt, Hawaij Chickpeas &amp; Cucumber
avocado toast with fried egg
quesadillas
Scrambled egg and Monterrey Jack cheese sandwich with sriracha in an Everything Seasoning bun. Did the bread too :)
Leftover collard green and fried-up lemon-garlic shrimp quesadilla (pre-cook)
Roti with dal makni and panner masala and ghee rice
Hello I have one question. I am from Switzerland and would like immigrate to the US. My dream is to open a Restaurant, which serves Turkish/Kurdish specialities with a little touch of switzerland. My idea is a so called "döner" (which is comparable to a kebab mixed with a burrito)
birria quesatacos con consomé
Blue Havana.
focaccia
Mushroom Bolognaise with Chef Eric Ripert
Onion Bajji In tamil
Sarawak Laksa Pattaya with Teh Tarik
Haddock Fish Filets
Fried rice with Garlic fried eggs
Bibim jjilmyeon &amp; mandu
Left over pot roast breakfast sandwich.
Pomegranate Braised Lamb with Roast Pumpkin
Cherry Tomato Pasta Sauce and Mini "Meatballs"
Mushroom Risotto &amp; Lemon Herb Sea Scallops
Creamy burrata with roasted pumpkin and rocket
Cheesekut
Special chicken dum biryani | delicious food |
Rice Flour Nachos బియ్యంపిండి తో ఇలా చిప్స్ చేస్తే టేస్టీగా కరకరలాడుతూ నెల రోజులు వరకు నిల్వ ఉంటాయి
Beef hamburgers
Hot Cheeto Lemon Pepper Wings (Albuquerque, NM)
A Jamaican Jerk marinated Turkey
Fig marmelade.
uni. Sea urchin sashimi
Chickpea &amp; Potato Curry
- Chicken Tuscan Mac
Carne asada Tacos with guac and queso fresco
Charcoal bread
roasted jalapeño lime Chicken drumsticks with honey mustard glaze and scallions.
Lamb chops on jasmine rice with homemade gravy.
Veg Sandwich on Tawa
BBQ Chicken French Fry Nachos
Beef Sliders
"Been Unbelievably Tough, But We Had Each Other": Harry In Oprah Tell-All - NDTV
Old Bay seasoned shrimp burrito with chipotle crema
sourdough green olive &amp; plum tomato focaccia topped with garlic oil, rosemary &amp; sea salt.
Chole butter masala
carnitas tacos
Caprese Pizza. No the Bay Leaves is not basil nor eaten.
Blackberry pie
Vietnamese Lemongrass Chicken
Roasted Squash with Sauce Vierge, Stuffing with Pickled Cranberry, and Pan Seared Turkey with Sauce Supremé
Banana Bread(gluten free)
banana leaf wrapped smoked pork (carnitas)
treywaypk playing Fortnite
Udon Ramen soup
my mom made this awesome baked ziti baked in a pan, love you mom
Sous Vide Rack of Lamb eith Bluberry Sauce
Matcha soba in Mentsuyu soup base + saba shioyaki
Moscow-style Borshch
BBQ Pizza
Apple cinnamon pecan french toast bake
Birthday Cake Scones
seafood stuffed salmon, crab cake, and broccoli
I ate this yesterday, it was bomb
spareribs. Soooo juicy!
Birria Quesa Tacos- Video will drop tomorrow on how I made them- Youtube: Average Kurt Cooks
Spaghetti and meat
Pain Au Chocolat
Fact Check: Video Goes Viral Claiming DHO Of Tumkur Pretended To Take Coronavirus Vaccine Without Taking... - The Logical Indian
Sticky rice with Chinese sausage and shiitake mushrooms
pizza bianca with smoked salmon and spinach
kimchi bacon fried rice
Potato pancakes with salmon and beet horseradish
Japanese Fluffy Pancakes.
Wild Boar with Sheep Cheese on a Brioche Bun
a boiled egg. Broke af.
Red Wine Braised Short Ribs😍
fresh Pollock fish fingers, local farm eggs &amp; sweet potato fries
Butter Chicken
Stuffed Breaded Chicken Breast
stuffed acorn squash
very good chicken parm
Garlic pork (Thai - Moo Gratiem) with couple of mods, simple easy and quick to put together.
a korean fried chicken rice bowl with cheese and spicy gochujang sauce!
Chocolate and passionfruit layer cake
Soup Dumplings
Reuben Nachos
Fries with green chile, cheese, bacon, &amp; sour cream
Epic birthday cake. LEGO style
pork belly burnt ends!
Fudge, made with Ruby Chocolate, Marshmallows, Toffee Peanuts, Raspberry Yogurt Pretzels, and Caramel
Another Beef Wellington
grilled ribeye and oven baked steak fries
St. Louis ribs and roasted potatoes with jalapeño/lemon balm aioli. Ommegang Seduction to wash it down.
Beans with sausage, Serbian style
Beef tartare with poached egg, croutons, capers and a chive mayonaisse
Grilled Chicken Bun Cha
Cozinhando ASMR - Fazendo SOPA DE ABÓBORA NOJOSA Com Itens De Halloween ...
Chocolate meringue pie
Ultra mega fudgy chai spiced brownie
Seared Sesame Crusted Tuna with Pineapple and store bought Sushi.
An attempt at homemade falafel! A little dark but otherwise delicious
8 hr Seolleongtang
"" Soaking dryfruits for this christmas
Sonic Curry with White Rice
Pork tenderloin medallions, Sauté broccoli and roasted red potatoes
Fresh Bluefin Tuna Poke
Vermicelli Bowl Lunch
Pulled pork on some spaghetti squash
Vegetable noodle soup
Waffle
Applewood smoked pulled pork
ВКУСНЫЙ ЗАВТРАК с Сыром и Яйцом за 5 МИНУТ на Сковороде. Быстро и Просто
Breakfast burger, toasted bun, hashbrown patty, burger patty seasoned with everything but the bagel seasoning, cheddar cheese, onion, tomato, sunny-side up egg, bacon, and Sriracha ketchup
Bacon black beans, fluffy mashed potatoes and apple cider vinegar slaw
Beef Satay Noodle Soup
Heard about this Desi Bun Kabab Street food and tried it! Was yummilicious!
We filmed a chicken sandwhich comparison! Enjoy!
Keto Bread
Kerala Fish Curry
tikka misala w/crispy rice
French Pancakes | Crêpes
Cheesecake with whipped cream &amp; strawberries
Chicken Noodle Soup &amp; Grilled Cheese with Muenster, Havarti &amp; American
Bread with local cheese, grapes and wine
Chocolate muffins
Patty Melts for dinner tonight
chuck short rib and bacon wrapped shrimp
smashburger
Steak and Broccoli
traditional Vietnamese chicken Pho
Meet Azula, bravely patrolling her patch
Mixed pastry .
Sourdough breaded pork chops with tomato sauce, steamed broccoli, baked scallop potatoes
Beef and Black Olive pizza
Steam squids with garlic and vermicelli
Creamy scallop pasta
apple strudel
Roast goose, mashed potatoes, roasted Brussel sprouts, ceaser salad, and arugula-blueberry-goat cheese salad
frosted animal cookie cheesecake
ribeye cooked to rare over a hickory wood campfire
chocolate chip cookies
Double chesseburger and regular burger, with fried sweet potato.
Dairy-free Quiche
Borracho BBQ “Bubba” sandwich
Jasmine rice made with coconut milk. 1 cup water, 1 can coconut milk, 1 cup jasmine rice, low heat. Did not drain.
Tacos!!
Parmesan crusted lamb
Xmas beef welly
Beef Wellington.
"Lucky" two-yolk bacon &amp; egg burger.
Malasadas
This delicious sandwich.
Red Lentils Curry
Mini turkeys, noodles, cranberry sauce, ham n green beans, dinner rolls, turkey gravy, cornbread dressing, and sweet potato casserole.
Vietnamese Pho! Been on the stove all day 🤤❤
New England chowder
Medium Rare Ribeye Steak
Fried camembert
Eggs Benny Platter
Indo-Chinese dish Vegetable Manchurian
Fried chicken and fettuccini alfredo, with handmade pasta!
I finally got off my ass and made this garlic bread I saw 7months ago
Keto Bacon Onion Egg Basket with Italian Herbs and Sea Salt.
Turkish pistachio baklava.
Red Velvet, Strawberry and Belgium Choco chip pastries
" 100 hours Brownies i made (Colombian Chocolate only)
Hot Chocolate Bombs!!
Fish Fry Recipe | How to make fish fry Simple and Delicious | Yummy Food...
Sweet Potato Parmesan Tots
sriracha marinated chicken with salad and fermented salsa in sourdough pita
Churro Sundae
Strawberry Tiramisu
Oysters Rockefeller
Broiled chocolate chip cookies
Beef Tonkatsu Ramen
Lobster Noodles Cantonese style
Garlic-Chive Croissants and Yeast Rolls.
American Wagyu ribeye on noodles
pan-seared scallops
Salmon, asparagus, couscous drizzled with hollandaise sauce.
Pandan honeycomb cake
Stir-fry Veges
Vietnamese Poutine
scallop and fennel stew
Bibimbap with sesame sautéed spinach, bean sprouts, shiitake, and spicy pickled carrots
Hickory and Mesquite Smoked Spatchcocked Whole Turkey
Butcher's Blend Burger
Dolsot bibimbap
Lamb Curry
Buttermilk-brined fried chicken
TÓM SỐNG Tên Trộm "Lươn Lẹo" để làm SANDWICH Mứt Dâu - Among Us Memes/AS...
Pizza Toast and Pizza sauce recipe 😋😋😋😋
Cookie
these are so damn good
Vegetable Chowmein
le gateau du petit train au chocolat
Honey pistachio mascapone tart, shortbread crust, rose whipped cream on one end and fig balsamic whipped cream on the other
French toast
Ratatouille / Confit Byaldi
tortilla chips with chicken-infused queso
Stuffed Fish Fry in Coconut Masala
Winter themed sugar cookies
pancakes and bagels and coffee
Katsu Curry
Pumpkin soup
Grilled Lamb Chops
a Baconburger with chili poppers, chicken strips and fries
Schwine Schnitzel 🇩🇪
Brussels sprouts with Bacon ...I just wanted to share cuz I think they look fantastic.
buttermilk pancakes
Chicken Kebab with Garlic Dill Potatoes
soy steak with roots and citrus
Birria Ramen
chicken curry and rice
Italian Sunday Pancake
Mini Charcuterie board
Tarte Flambee-Cream, Bacon, and Onion Pizza
Lemon Cake
Mushroom Rub Pork Chop
Breakfast Smoothie Recipe
Detroit style pizza (unburnt)
Smoked Ribeye roast
Bone in pork chop with apple cider, shallot, and thyme sauce atop of a roasted cabbage steak surrounded by pan seared cinnamon apple chunks.
Mature cheddar &amp; caramelised onion on toasted sourdough
Christmas goodie box.
Smoked Sausage, Onions, and Bean
Meatballs and mashed potatoes
Turkish Delight - Lokum Recipe
Fattoush
Teriyaki chicken on stir fry cabbage with Japanese potato salad
Sesame curry noodles with a saba and gochujang sauce
Kimchi Fried Rice w/ Homemade Kimchi
Cinnamon roll sticky buns
dry aged tomahawk steak and lobster tail for Sunday lunch
Italian cured meat and cheese platter with pickled black olives and Aperol Spritz
Louisiana comfort “”
Cabinet soup
I made a Christmas Yule Log Pumpkin Roll
Sea Bass
Buffalo chicken mac n' cheese bake.
Arroz Valenciana
I made Japanese Curry with beef, mushroom; onion, green onions, mushrooms, carrot and spices!
Pumpkin Pancakes ””
Chocolate Bundt Cake. 😋
a Fruit Tart Cupcake earlier and it was ah!mazing 🤤
stir-fried rice cake with shiitake and napa
Popular Indian Snack -Dhokla
https://ift.tt/3thhNFY
croissants.
Filet Mignon, Broiled Lobster tail, Herb potatoes and Broccoli.
Red beans and rice with smoked turkey and cornbread.
Tuna Steaks! Marinaded with soy sauce, red wine vinegar and garlic!
Sweet Pumpkin Pie Recipe - Κολοκυθοπιτα Γλυκια Με Χωριάτικο Φυλλο Συνταγη
thankful for food
dumpling soup
White Wine Poached Chicken Breast with Parmentier Potatoes &amp; Buttered Julienne Zucchini, on a sea of Roasted Red Pepper Broth, topped with a freshly-prepared Gremolata for garnish.
walking taco
Grilled pork chop, tomato salad and sweet mashed potatoes
Chicken pot pie
Chicken, Chrorizo and vegetable tray bake
Sweet Noodle Kugel
Kale with gammon steak and smoked sausages
Steak, stuffed mushrooms, and peas and carrots
Potato roll, Beer battered Cod, Romaine, Lemon Dill Tartar Sauce
Crispy black bean cakes make for a hearty vegetarian meal
Southern Bbq
bbq chicken za
Poppyseed and Apricot Hamentaschen
Cape Cod seafood chowder (clam, shrimp, cod, crab, scallops)
3 INGREDIENTS DESSERT - Melts in your mouth ✔
Japanese cheesecake
sushi nachos
hazelnut truffles
Burger with fried sweet and normal potatoes
Apple pie made with apples picked ourselves
arabic style chicken and rice
Oyster, Squash, &amp; Eggplant Jeon (mini-fritters)
corn truffle (huitlacoche) quesadillas.
Bánh bèo Huế ( How to make Vietnamese Steam Rice Cakes)
fruit chocolate fondue
I made Joshua Weissman's version of the In&amp;Out Burger
Skirt steak fajitas
Drunken mussels with sauteed eggplant, mushrooms, and peppers
Low and Slow smoked brisket
sushi and sashimi
Flatbread pizzas
Holi special - Indian snacks and sweets
Cheddar scallion biscuits with bacon black pepper gravy
butternut squash soup with cabbage with homemade cashew cream
NJ pizza &gt; ....
Thai soup
Mini Éclairs
Empanadas stamped with a filling code
fried chicken the way it's supposed to be made, with panko bread crumbs
Dutch baby finally getting some respectable puffage.
Chili and Cornbread
Fried chicken wings with a kick for NFL wildcard weekend!
Porterhouse Steak
choco cookies 🍪
Pastor
Pot Roast with Garlic Mashed and Red Wine &amp; Rosemary Gravy, Sauteed Chard with Bacon &amp; Garlic, Honey &amp; Dark Rum Glazed Carrots
Four Pepper Pineapple Jelly
at sardar foods on my recent visit to pakistan. This country is the most diverse when it comes to street food.
Dinner on the balcony in our new apartment 🥰
Orzo with minced meat, green Bean's, walnut, raisins and cheese
shrimp fried rice and orange chicken for dinner last night :)
Masters egg salad sandwich on white bread, pimento cheese sandwich on white bread, BBQ sandwich on a potato roll. Served with Georgia pecan caramel popcorn, a chocolate chip cookie, and Masters potato chips.
vegetable pizza
BLACK FOREST CAKE - Without OVEN, BEATER &amp; LOW COST ""
Sous vide washugyu chuck flap tail with black garlic smashed potatoes and creamed leeks
easy breakfast recipes
Chicken and waffle Benedict with bacon jam.
Blood orange slices
2 months into dating a guy he mentions that he can also cook....
mom made pizza today
Bread
Cheese burger
H
Baking Cranberry Orange Muffins!
Ghee (Clarified Butter)
BBQ brisket, Irish cheddar, jalapeño, and black currant jam quesadilla.
Traditional swedish meatball sandwich
blueberry hearts cheesecake
Lox &amp; toast
Chocolate and banana bread
Newbie meal prep, mustard cream chicken with spinach and Parmesan.
Creamy Penne Pasta with mushrooms, white truffle, parmigiano and leftover beef tenderloin.
CNY Macarons
Giant Chicken Schnitzel - Katsu Curry
Ketchup
Chocolate Samanco Fish
Christmas candies gift box - list in comment
Hand-pulled noodles with beef broth
Bibimbap.
Cheesecake.
dad made some mutton biryani and eggplant curry
Salmon/Avocado sushi
Mushroom Pulao Recipe in Telugu పుట్టగొడుగులతో ఇలా పులావ్ చేశారంటే రుచి చాలా బాగుంటుంది
ramen
Bacon, Broccoli, Cheddar Cheese and Noodle Casserole
Sheet Pan Pizza
Lahori Murgh Chanay Recipe || Murgh Cholay ""
Hobbit Day Feast Part 1: Breakfast - raspberry walnut scones, apple cinnamon scones, cranberry lemon scones, buttermilk biscuits, honey cakes, seed cakes, clotted cream, apple butter, hot mulled cider
Shrimp and Cheese Grits
Pastrami Sandwich
caramelized onion canapés. They tasted so good!
italian tortelli
Pemaquid &amp; Wellfleet Oysters
Açaí bowl for lunch
dark chocolate cupcakes with matcha green tea icing and chocolate covered coffee beans!
Phổ
Banana Chocolate Loaf
Sausage, Mushroom, and Truffle Pizza
Churros of Christmas!
Wild Hebridean Oysters, Tabasco, lime, apple cider
Fried Buttermilk Oyster Mushrooms
Ahi Tuna and Shrimp Poke Bowl
Spinoff of Cacio e Pepe (butter, Cavender's Greek seasoning, parmesan)
Botifarra Catalana amb Mongetes
Poutine Etouffe, a poutine with shrimp, cheese, chorizo, and a cheesy crawfish gravy over the top
turkey sandwich with gluten-free bread
Hibachi fried rice
Chili-topped baked sweet potato with cotija cheese
Mirror glazed entremet
Smoked squash and chicken
made little bear-shaped glutinous rice balls (kinda like boba if you’ve never had these)
Beef wellington, asparagus, and saganaki cheese
Assorted Christmas cookies
Brisket Grilled Cheese
Pan Seared Ribeye
Smoked beef ribs, pulled pork, and chicken wings.
Scrambled eggs on eoast with bacon
Pineapple fried rice
HOMEMADE Medium-Rare Baby Back Ribs
lemon meringue pie
Someone gave me crabs
Ground Pork Tacos
Lemon Tart with Meringue
Smoothies
galleta de la pasta
donuts 🍩
Oreo cheesecake for Thanksgiving
Bacon, egg, jalapeño cheeseburger with homemade pickles and grilled onions
Classic Brioche
Quinoa and green salad with grilled zucchini, cooked beetroot, feta cheese and egg, seasoned with olive oil and acceto balsamico.
I finally made  Japanese omurice! This came out quite well. I can post a link to the recipe if anyone is interested.
Honey Pickled Apples
New Years Cheeseboard
Spaghetti Bolognese. homegrown basil. bowl made by me
Crabcake Benedict w/Fried Cornbread
Three piggy dimsum buns, ended up playing with it for half an hour before I ate it
Venison fried rice
Apple puff pastry tart
BLT
Sauteed Swiss Chard and Kale with Shallots, Garlic, and Chili Flakes.
Breakfast Taco: bacon, egg, cheese, spicy avocado salsa, sour cream &amp; Cholula!
Cast iron shepherd’s pie
My attempt at Beef Wellington, be kind!
Pepper Steak on Rice
Honey Cupcakes
Chicken bacon cheddar sandwich
Onigiri!
Smoked !
prime ribeye and asparagus
Fried Chicken Sandwich
Oatmeal raisin cookies
Gingerbread Climbing Gym
Took 20+ hours to make this pho but it was very much worth the effort
chicken enchiladas and refried bean soup
Conticinis' lemon and meringue solo tartlet
Bacon Smashburgers
pan seared ribeye and finished in the oven. That's my chipotle compound butter on top.
Appetizers
icy grass jelly with boba
Portuguese Cheese Buffet
Gyudon with rose-shaped roast beef on top
Elk roast
Brisket Nachos
Fried Chicken Sliders crusted with Funyuns, Flaming Hot Cheetos, and Panko Breadcrumbs with homemade Truffle Aeoli and Baked Paprika Fries
Crispy Fritters
Instant Pot Red Chili Pork Tamales!
General Tso stir fry
Tofu soondubu
Mini Halloween Icebox Cakes
Thai Basil Chicken
Baked Ziti with Charred Grape Tomatoes
Chocolate Hazelnut Baklava with Maple/Honey/Bourbon Syrup, Jalapeño Cheddar Cornbread
carne asada fries
mini middle eastern/iraqi pizza لحم بعجين vegetarian option
Kaju Katli - Happy Diwali!
vanilla eclair
My take on a diner-style American breakfast
a BLT. Almost hurt to cut this beauty open!
Indian Chilli Chicken with Kerala Parotta
Chicken Karaage anyone?
My mom's homemade chicken noodle soup with mashed potatoes
Hickory Bacon Burger with Queso Onion Rings
Just some boneless home seasoned chicken! What you guys think?
Pork tenderloin, jerusalem artichokes, burn apple puree, caramelized shallots, and beer sauce
Freshly caught mangrove snapper from the Florida Keys with mango, pickled onions and a red serrano aioli
Char Siu Bao (BBQ pork buns)
Spagetti Aglio Olio
RicePaper Rolls with Shrimp&amp;Veggies. Naturally GF.
Veg cheese pasta and paneer roll
Chorizo and potato empanadas
vegan chicken cheese steak and real beef cheesteak.
poached eggs with rice and Chinese sausage
Shiitakes, asparagus and garlic grilled artichokes
Original Dutch raspatat!
A board for all ages! 18 mo. Parma prosciutto, Napoli salami pavoncelli, water Buffalo smoked csabettes, pecorino, gruyère, Irish cheddar
1/2 Lb Black Angus Burger that tastes much better than it looks. Tips for presentation?
3 cheese, ham and fried egg toastie with spring onions
Yes it's Spam musubi.
https://ift.tt/3thhNFY
Chicken Parm and Pesto Pasta
Beef tenderloin.
New Year's salad recipes
"
Roasted chicken
Thit Kho
Cup Zoodles
waffle with strawberry, whipped cream and speculos powder
Spicy Ramen Tonkotsu
Roasted salmon on strips of roasted zucchini. Risotto proper. Roasted polenta with caramelized cherry tomatoes.
Blueberry muffins!
Chocolate and peanut butter chip peanut butter cookies
these the other day and 100% recommend these pizza roles, I personally prefer them over normal pizza :)
Cabbage Fried (with a twist) Rice
Bell peppers stuffed with shredded potatoes
Uni Udon
Meatloaf in a mini cast iron!
Korean beef
all you can eat sushi
Deconstructed Tiramisu
Cantonese Pork Belly
yellow watermelon.
Tomato and chickpea soup
Pastrami Hash
Chinese Vegetable Soup for lunch
hasselback butternut squash
Gumbo
Meal Prep: Skinless Pork Chops with Broccoli, Corn and Carrots
A “Chile en Nogada” I made a couple of weeks ago
"
Heart Shaped Chocolate Cake with Ganache Glaze
Havarti &amp; Fuego Chedder Eggs with Bacon on Sourdough, Yum
veg spring rolls with homemade sheets
halloum and persimmon salad
rate from 1-10
real wasabi.
attempt at dominoes.
Buffalo chicken wing pizza made with chicken wing pieces.
Flame kissed rack of lamb!
Malpua Rabri Recipe | 101℅ soft and easy to make
Pasta with spicy pepper flakes.
Cochinita pibil on a freshly made corn tortilla topped with onion and habanero curtido
lamb, mashed potatoes, and roasted veg
salted caramel pretzel cheesecake
- Raspberry Crumble Bars
Bacon wrapped cream cheese jalapenos.
Ham, garlic green beans and baked macaroni and cheese
Chocolate Caramel Pretzel Turtles
Chocolate Olive Oil Cake
I saw the photo of a Mexican-style “Chile relleno” and I was a little offended, so I wanted to share with you how the “Chile relleno” is styled in Mexico(CASAREYNA)
Steak, Au Gratin Potatoes, &amp; Asparagus
Rice, crystal pineapple, black pepper steaks, salmon with lemon thyme
crispy eggplant parmesan with fresh basil
Oven braised chicken thighs with kale, summer squash, and cherry tomatoes.
Roman style pizza
Beef Bourguignon ready for the slow cooker!
Duck BLT with bacon and tomato, arugula, and red onion .
Banana cake with chocolate frosting!
Nutella-espresso cheesecake with Oreo-shortbread crust and flaky sea salt
I baked Christina Tosi’s Pumpkin Layer Cake for Canadian Thanksgiving.
Fried Rice
Black cocoa skull cakes.
spicy garlic creamed veggies, topped with bacon, w/Grandma's handmade flat bread
Sous Vide ribeye with roasted veggies and mashed potatoes.
Lemon cake with candied lemons for my GFs birthday
Chicken, cheese, and green chillies Enchiladas!!!!!!
Moose Roast
Fried Avocado Tacos with Jalapeño Slaw and Cilantro-Lime Crema

Labor Day Burnt Ends
Syrniki (Russian cottage cheese pancakes) with blackberry compote and sour cream
chocolate flan
sushi it went alright
scallion pancakes
Banana-Hazelnutcreme-Tarte flambeé
plantains, black beans, roasted potatoes, sauteed bell peppers, and a fried egg at the party!! some cotija, valentina seasoning (similar to tajin), and squeeze of lime over it all! i know the photo’s not too flattering, but it tasted too good for me to keep to myself
Filipino food! Pork Sisig, Bulalo and Pancit Canton &amp; Bihon Mix
bacon, egg, cheese, and hash brown bagel
beetroot egg Mayo, veggie-ham and baby leaves sandwich with crisps and tomato dip and apple and elderflower juice.
pasta scrap malloreddus, orecchiette n unidentifiable shapes with chicken bolognese sauce, shaved strong Parmesan ans baby Romaine
Crab meat salad with fresh tarragon and lemon dressing, plus salmon with dill, shallots, capers, and Dijon creme fraiche.
Panko Chicken Burger
Air Fried Crispy Pork Belly - Chinese Style
Bone Heads, honey mustard and garlic parmigiana boneless wings.
Italian Sausage Stuffed Zucchini ""
Biscoff Cheesecake
Aubergine Cutlet Sandwiches
Pork shoulder, crockpot over rice w/mixed cheese, cheddar and pepper jack ...
Teriyaki beef donburi
Fried Malabar Spinach Leaves with Chick Pea Flour Batter
Slow Roast
Chicken corn chowder with bacon
Panang Curry
French toast and berries
I have made.... BOOB COOKIES.
Ribeye steak with blue cheese and tarragon compound butter.
Hot Pot with Ribeye and Porkbelly, lots of veggies, rice and egg noodles, for my COVID birthday.
Surf &amp; Turf: 2 lobster tails and a steak flank with a side of mushroom risotto.
Beef Bourguignon
burger’s
Pumpkin + Chickpea PEANUT BUTTER Curry 🤩
Keto Pizza with cauliflower/cheese crust.
Scallops fresh off the dock in Lunenburg,N.S
Pistachio cheesecake I made for my sisters
Vietnamese Bún bò Huế (Spicy beef and pork soup)
Watercolour Painted Sugar Cookies
Sausage gravy.
NY Strip Steak
Amazing Iskender Kebab found in Bursa Turkey
Brined Roast Turkey
Gobi Manchurian (cauliflower breaded/deep-fried with Manchurian sauce)
Coconut curry noodle soup with crispy fried noodles
Crispy bacon, fried potatoes and eggs over medium.
ham cheese and avocado sandwich. Bread was just so perfectly golden and crispy I wanted to show it off.
Pork schnitzel, spaetzel, and mushroom gravy
Salt &amp; Pepper Deep Fried Flounder Canton Style
"Stickyfinger" hamburger with cheddar, bacon, peanut butter and jalapeno relish
Garlic Shrimp Recipe - How to Make Garlic Butter Shrimp!
Hummus with Fresh Flatbread
Sun-dried tomato and basil arancini
Roast Leg of Lamb
Grazing Platter
Spinach and Ricotta Cannelloni
Pulled Pork Tamales
Cinnamon rolls
Garlic Fettuccine Alfredo With Shrimp &amp; Crab
Аvocado and Pomegranate Paste
Making a pasta dinner with chopped garlic, onions, portobello mushrooms, ground kobe beef, and freshly shaved parmesan cheese. The house smells delicious! ♥️
Montreal Smoked Meat and Hot Potato and Bacon Salad
Monster Cake (Legend of Zelda - Breath of the Wild)
Prime rib, mushroom, onion, green pepper, sharp provolone and leftover homemade spinach and artichoke dip cheesesteak ft. Nando’s hot perinaise
Cast iron Big Mac style burger
classic nachos
Lahore Barber Uses Hammer, Butcher’s Knife, Fire for Styling Hair, Video Goes Viral - India.com
Pepperoni &amp; Tomato Pizza
Sour Pickle Help
shishito peppers with melted cheese sticks on top
Lemon cupcakes with lemon buttercream and chocolate tops
Premium Belgian chocolate with salty pretzels and caramel bits. A great treat for your 'Me' time and for sharing too! #Chocolate #Candy #Gifts #Christmas #GiftBaskets #GiftIdeas #StockingStuffers
Lobster with garlic butter and parsley
chorizo gravy with cornmeal drop biscuits
Pork and Beef Naan Bred Sandwich
breakfast for dinner 🧇
16 oz ribeye with butter garlic rosemary and thyme. What do you think?
Graham Mango Float
Mushroom Risotto with Mussels
Leftover Bok Choy, Crispy Pork Belly, Char Siu and Rice
Texas Twinkie
Sweet Fire Jerky
Cremini and shiitake mushrooms pizza
Palak Paneer
South Indian Thali
Double chocolate chip and banana chocolate chip muffins
BBQ Pork Topped Loaded Potato
Dinner
Thai Tea Crepe Cake
Gingerbread cake with vanilla buttercream
Spicy chicken strips and loaded tots
Life has been pretty awful lately, but I decided to try something new and attempt at breaking down a whole fish. Here is some snapper with yuzu vinaigrette and pickled radish. Super yummy! I suck at pictures so this is the best one I have.. Hope you guys have an awesome day :)
tropical fruits and vegetables
Thanksgiving Leftover Soup – A Little Bit of Thyme ""
Simple, tasty healthy (mostly)
Cookies
Pasta Bake
lemon tarts with shortbread crust and torched meringue
Apple walnut cinnamon rolls
Japanese takeaway pancake in my car
butter chicken and steamed white rice!
Pork Katsu and Japanese curry.
I made a wahoo crudo with soy vinaigrette, crispy shallots &amp; garlic, radishes, &amp; micro cilantro
Biscuits and gravy with Portuguese sausage, eggs, and mixed greens (cause it’s healthy)
Pork Belly and Muenster Cheese Monte Cristo
Breakfast Gyros
Oatmeal Butterscotch Cookies
Tiny brownie "sundaes" with marbled salted caramel-peanut-chocolate glaze.
Fried Fish Sandwich
If You Eat Honey Every Day, Body will be improve, 8 ways are here
White chocolate peppermint cookies
French croissants
Lemon Meringue Pie - Grandmas style
Garlic Parm Cheese Bread
Roasted Lamb Rack with a Butternut Squash Puree
Vietnamese "Bánh bò" or Honeycomb Cake
supreme pizza
Shrimp Pad Thai
teriyaki salmon soba noodle
spaghetti
Cheaper NY strip cut, reverse seared with sous vide and charcoal grill
Batard
Sous vide pork tenderloin with spicy roasted sweet potatoes, pickled red onions, and a sweet onion &amp; vermouth pan sauce
Masala Pork Roast with Orotti (Rice Coconut Pancakes)
Russian dumplings
I know everyone is sick of seeing Thanksgiving posts but I did this! Lots of internet research and asking friends and family. It was moist and I am proud. Thanks!
Cowherd’s Pie
stir fried king crab legs with gingers and scallions
Detroit style pizza.
Smoothie bowl
Chili paprika grilled chicken with: mango pineapple salsa, guacamole, and Mexican grilled corn.
Cranberry Apple pie made at Thanksgiving
Minestrone Shakshuka
Veal Chop Parmigiana
Tried my hand at a galette. Dijon mustard, goat cheese, Italian sausage, caramelized onions, garlic, and mushrooms
Cannelloni
Air Fried Chicken
ricotta gnocchi | arugula pesto | paprika shrimp | marigold and pine nut garnish
Smoked Pulled Pork Shoulder
yellowtail hamachi to be used for sashimi/maki rolls
(Update) CBR pizza with fresh rosemary, fresh mozzarella and fresh local bacon out of the oven.
street cart chicken and rice
Student Casserolles.
Bhuna Ghost
filipino christmas dinner
honey-glazed seared salmon
Fish Tacos, Clams and Mussels
Chicken Bacon Biscuit Sandwich
Making Crispy Chicken Wings without Deep Frying
Latke (Potato Pancake), Smoked Salmon, Creme Fraiche, and Black Caviar
Chocolate chip and oatmeal raisin cookies.
Sunday Lunch: Roast Chicken, Broccoli, Buttery Mash, Roast Carrots, Parsnips, Potatoes &amp; Onion together with a Yorkshire Pudding.
Bacon Kimchi Fried Rice
Korean fried chicken noodles
Daikon/Radish Stir Fry.
Stir fry veggies with Baked potatoes
Fresh pasta
My lunch. Havarti cheese and spicy soppressata with mayo and Sriracha in-between 2 slices of toasted pumpernickel bread. Paired with a bag of Cheddar Jalapeno Lay's sold here in Canada.
Chili cheese moose dog with fresh jalapeño = tasty lunch!
Air Fried Chicken Tenders and Fries with Homemade Bread and Hushpuppies
GRAM FLOUR PANCAKE-BESAN KA CHILLA
Gyoza and dipping sause
Creamy chicken and vegetable soup topped with fresh parsley!
Pork crown roast
Very basic Cake
Didn't get a great picture but..... made some pork belly kimchi rice bowls, with homemade kimchi
In-N-Out Burger
Decided to  my own sushi today
Steak &amp; salad with potatoes and garlic bread
chicken &amp; waffles w/ a chili-honey sauce
Kimchi pancakes
Spicy chicken lo mein
Pig in blanket sandwich with Brussels sprout slaw and cranberry sauce
waffle fries cheese rotel chopped bbq ribs and 2 fried eggs.
Bacon egg and cheese biscuit
Chicken Biryani 🌶️
China shuts down viral video claiming to be of anal swab recipients - Yahoo Finance Australia
https://ift.tt/3oXI1KU
Soufflé Pancakes
Fried Chicken Drumsticks &amp; Tenders
healthy breakfast.. Oats with fruits and honey
Today made a swian.. A traditional eid day dish in Pakistan.
$4 Aqua Blue Party Rainbow Chip Cake
Pub Grub
Brownie Cookie(Brookie)
Chicken drumsticks seasoned with garlic, pepper, salt and cayenne.
Panko Crusted Chicken Burger on Homemade Buns
crab rolls
Emergency food
Fresh Mozza Margherita
Mac n Cheese with a side of chicken fried chicken.
chocolate almond tart
chicken black bean sauce stir fry
Leftover Holiday Ham Shoyu Ramen
oven fresh bread and roasted tomato and white bean stew
Steak with a squash purée and veggies
Steak and salad.
Sweet Potato Cheesecakes. One to keep and one to send.
Mesquite smoked Tri-tip. Cooked on a gas grill.
Pad Thai Pizza
A poor man's Beef Wellington with lemon garlic asparagus and pan fried fingerling potatoes.
eggplant Parmesan
Boob cake
tiramisu with rum
Chicken skewers with ginger, garlic and sweet soy sauce
Chilean style hot dog with Texas chilli snag!
Italian sausage and peppers
spaghetti and meatballs
Tadka Dal, Paneer Bhurji, and Rotis, with some red onions and Thai chili (and a glass of cold milk to fight the heat).
blueberry-swirl cheesecake
Lamb Ragù
Thyme and Salt seared Lamb chops medium rare, Penne Pasta in butter sauce, on a bed of truffle mash potatoes and a side of seasoned steamed vegetables
Obligatory Birthday Wellington
Mojo marinated turkey
Tenderloin steaks and scallops
You can only add FOUR toppings to this burger. What are you adding?
Goat biryani.
Avocado toast with poached egg on top
Chicken tikka masala, basmati rice and chana masala
Pizza with smoked klobasa, and bacon.
A ramen
Diet starts in 2021...  classic lasagna!
eggs benedict florentine
Hawaiian pizza on the BGE.
chicken fried rice
peanut butter squares drizzled in milk chocolate.
Poke Bowl with Salmon, Ahi, Brown Rice, Seaweed, Wasabi Sauce, Quinoa, Spinach, Onions, Ginger, Hoison Sauce, and More
Chicken apple bourbon sausages with bacon roasted Brussel sprouts and potatos
grilled ribs with dry rub and freestyle bourbon bbq sauce
Recently learned how to make breakfast burritos and now I can’t stop making them
Stuffed peppers and cabbage rolls I catered for a family friends dinner.
crab dip
Want to enjoy the rich flavor of a peach pie with a side of moonshine with it? The peach pie moonshine recipe is a great way to do just that! It’s a fairly simple infusion recipe that uses ingredients that are easily obtained from just any decent grocery store.
Italian sausage and gnocchi soup
Made some  corn nuts today more infos in the comments
seared salmon &amp; salad
Pink apples are fantastic  yum
Venison backstrap, scrambled eggs, and kale salad
Shortbread
Char Siu (Chinese BBQ Pork)
Chicken broth ramen
BBQ Chicken pizza
Woke up at 8am yesterday and was baking until 2am this morning, I was in charge of the sweets and I never come empty handed!
Left dill pickle deer sausage w added chopped dill pickles, fresh dill, red onion and hard cheddar in the mixture. Right jalapeño cheddar deer sausage w fresh jalapeño and hard cheddar cheese.
Shaktikanta Das voices ‘major concerns’ about cryptocurrency - Economic Times
Personalized Apron by Fitting Uniformes; For you who loves to cook
Tomato Pasta Soup
octopus w/ chorizo
Salted Caramel Eclair
Harvested some more Cassava straight from the garden and cooked some fresh mashed cassava.  Please don’t be scared to cook! (Recipe below)
almost crescent rolls
sad looking, but delicious pork and cabbage boazi
Organic beef street tacos, corn, tomatoes, cilantro, and queso frescos. So delicious!
dipped beef w/ peppers &amp; cheese fries
Bacon cheeseburger bannock pizza.
#palamkanji|Lockdown breakfast palanlanji recipe|Breakfast in leftover r...
alfredo pasta and garlic knots
Stuffed Butternut Squash
Boned, stuffed and rolled turkey.
My brain  takis
My  bibimbap
Pasta With Pesto and blueberries
PSA mini-fluffy-pancakes
Parma ham and rocket pizza with shaved Parmesan on top
These Superfoods Will Keep Heart Healthy And Happy
Chinese Crispy Pork Belly
fondue in a box
Nachos and hot dogs with the boys
Fries
Vanilla cupcakes with homemade dulce de leche filing, salted cinnamon spiced buttercream and crushed cinnamon toast crunch topping.
a princess cake - yum
Balsamic Honey Boneless Chicken Thighs
Nandos sunset burger, spicy rice and peri peri chips
I never cook, made this by my feelings and just wanted to share my proud moment
Bun Nem Nuong Cha Gio (Vietnamese Noodle Bowl)
Mac and cheeeeese!
Smash burger with cheese, bacon+grated apple with a little honey, blue cheese, caramelized onions, lettuce, tomato and pickled cucumber. My favourite homemade burger yet!
Truffalo Wings
Toaster Strudel and Blackberry sandwich
This mornings breakfast
French Toast with Turkey Bacon
Well done kid!
crepes with blueberry and strawberry compote.
Tequila Rose Cheesecake Brownie
8 ounces burger
wine cookies
Winter Special Crispy Mooli Ka Paratha ""
Kahlua cheesecake on a Ghiradelli brownie with a banana chocolate ganache
Chocolate/banana cake with peanut butter frosting.
Chicken Seekh Kebab with Tandoori Mayo
Quarantine winter chicken
No sugar snicker bars
yogurt with all the fixins
Bacon-wrapped stuffed jalapenos
Bacon double cheeseburgers
Cheesy Pull-Apart Garlic Bread With Pesto For Dipping
Rainbow Fries Experiment
Belgian style Moule Frites
Venison medallions, squash, and wild rice
Fried Italian sausage bangers and mash with french bread breading
Hungarian blueberry and cheese palacsinta
Char Siu smoked ribs, Chinese five spice Mango and Pineapple Huli Huli sauce.
Thai green curry tofu with brocoli and cauliflower
A morning bun
Shortbread with peanut butter and raspberry jam filling for some PB&amp;J cookies.
As rollout falters, scientists debate new vaccination tactics - WION
Wagyu brisket smoked over charcoal and hickory for 14 hours
Big Boy burger
Happy NYE to me.
u/MrMarkAhsac ‘s Knife-cut noodles with mushrooms and fried tofu
Pain Sandwich
Copycat SB Lemon Bread
Laksa - Singaporean dish of rice noodles in spicy coconut milk soup, eggs, chicken and tofu puffs
Samoa Cheesecake
Today’s Lunch
Sweet Longganisa sausage, Garlic rice, poached eggs, crispy chilli oil, and vegetables
Speedy Italian Subs
Made some beautiful chocolate cookies
Kimchi and bulgogi beef fried rice
snack tray
Cream cheese on (not homemade) sour dough with scallions and black pepper
Pulled Pork Bao
Moo-shu pork and homemade pancakes
Mushroom pie
Grilled Ribs and Veggies Platter
are so good!
Halibut with shrimp, horseradish and clairified butter
Beef Jerky for school, work, hiking or travel quick and handy snack. We usually make it in big batch for 2-3 weeks consumption. Way better than store-bought and definitely cheaper. Of course very easy prep. Recipe ? Let me know if you want one.
Birria Quesa Tacos w/ Consome
Penne Arrabbiata
Orange Ginger Cranberry sauce
Sweet &amp; sour chicken stir fry with Tandoori chicken and mint yoghurt wrap
MIL’s Käsespätzle
White pizza with reindeer carpaccio, pomegranade and red onion
Galaxy’s Edge Ronto Wraps
Chicken saag with pillau rice.
Chocolate Donut Sandwiches...Yummy!!
Triple chocolate cheesecake cookie bites
Monday breakfast
Tikka Masala with rice and fresh Naan.
White Chocolate/Raspberry Pancakes with Raspberry Sauce, Passionfruit Sauce, White Chocolate Whipped Cream and Caramel
Receta de polvorones caseros
I made mint Cheesecake. Recipe
Small McDonald’s Fry(left) Medium McDonald’s Fry(right)
hot turkey sandwich
home cooked noodles
Sourdough Donuts
Opera Cake with a chocolate tossed Paillets Feuilletine base
Biscuits &amp; Gravy
Pumpkin pie and boy its good 🎃
Yogurt and Granola
Braised lamb shank with red wine ragù over mashed potatoes.
Another style of sushi roll - Fried hosomaki
mole
Oatmeal chocolate chip cookies
Rice &amp; Eggs with Potstickers (Hungry during class)
Chicken and Dumplings, Czech Paprikash style
Enchiladas Verdes and Mexican Street Corn
My Krabby Patty
Lucky Charms Hamentaschen
and arranged a charcuterie board
Classic Chinese Lo Mein
vegan katsu curry with avocado
Balsamic Honey Glazed Roasted Duck
Sun-dried tomato and red pepper pizza
Smoke Venison Queso
full kadhaee cheese pasta
Buffalo Tater Tots and a Duster hotdog.
key lime pound cake chefSasha
My  enchilada recipe
Roasted Tomato Soup, Garlic Bread
Seared Sesame Crusted Tuna
Brisket Gnocchi
Choco-chip cupcakes, Pasta and Pulav♡
Strawberry Cheesecake
Bacon fried rice with a sunny side up egg
Mini Christmas Tree Cakes
Macaroni Cheese (Red Leicester)
Taiwanese fried chicken
Tried my hand at Thai Green Chicken Curry tonight.
spiced pork ragu with pappardelle and hard Italian cheese
pea and mint scotch eggs
crab legs with a butter garlic sauce
Black bean Chili con queso
Crispy Skirt Gyoza with Chili Oil Dipping Sauce
blueberry cream cheese stuffed coffee cake
Cacio e pepe with shrimp and fresh cut pasta
turkey and egg sammich
Deviled Eggs
last night i made some bacon cheeseburger egg rolls in my air fryer with a homemade burger to go with it... came out great!
chicken and onion pizza
Forest KFC
Pork chops with sweet seasoning
Smoked Babyback Ribs, Oysters, Baby Bella Mushrooms and Chicken Wings, all finished over hot coals and Grilled Asparagus
Aloo gobi! Smells and tastes amazing . Simple and inexpensive.
Sourdough Rye Bread
Stovetop S'mores
Ribeye and mashed Idaho potatoes.
Ree Drummond's jalapeno cheese mini scones. I tweaked the recipe by adding more cheese, dicing the jalapeno, and I added crumbled thick cut bacon. Came out delicious.
monthly office barbecue
Teriyaki salmon with sriracha mayo, mushroom risotto and green beans. https://www.budgetbytes.com/teriyaki-salmon-w-sriracha-mayo/
Chicken and Andouille sausage gumbo
Jalapeño poppers!  delishhhh
this NY STRIP...and then I ate another...and then...well... I’m sure you can guess. Protein overload!
Crispy Chicken Nuggets!
ribeye for lunch with homemade steak sauce
Puri - used to prepare dish “Pani Puri”
Birthday Cookie
Valentine’s Day Dinner
hamburger helper rigatoni pasta
I made chili oil as gifts for friends!
Hotpot dinner tonight 🫕
My attempt at baked wings with a homemade rub!
Cast-Iron Pizza
Crème brûlée, fixed.
Boilermaker Chili &amp; Fixin’s
Turkey Grilled Cheese Sandwich on Sourdough Bread
Brisket and chicken tacos
Al pastor
Pirozhki with beef, mushrooms, cabbage, and onions
Sesame chicken and shrimp
Halibut Tostadas
gnocchi
Bento!! ( on the left )
Chocolates
Prosciutto wrapped chicken stuffed with a goat cheese herb mixture, long grain wild rice and roasted cauliflower
Pepperoni Pizza 🍕
Free extra patty on my sweet and spicy bacon burger, I don’t need the extra calories but I’ll gladly take it, thanks Whataburger employee! (Especially for working on a holiday) Happy thanksgiving!
Tex-Mex Tacos, guacamole and beans
smash burger with secret sauce!
Chocoflan
sausage and broccoli orecchiette
Oxtail custard, beetroot caviar, morel dust served in egg shell atop a bed of kohlrabi micro green
peanut butter blossom cookies
Whipped Cream
Passionfruit Cheesecake
i made  coffee &lt;3
Indian Hyderabadi Chicken Biryani😋
Venison Sausage And Sauerkraut
Beautiful lasagne
What is the lowest calorie dense pretzel or cracker or crunchy snack? I have Covid and can’t taste anything and am craving something crunchy.
TOP 10 wierd  food in the world that you never Imagine
STL style ribs that are smoking atm (2hrs because I’m sleepy)
Sourdough blueberry waffle with salted caramel ice cream and berry compote
burger seasoned with garam masala and rosemary topped off with Havarti cheese.
Pastrami Bagels
Omelette with apple jalapeno hot sauce
Japanese Beef Stir Fry.
Hasselback potato and oven baked chicken breast
French bread in the Dutch oven
Kinder bueno cheesecake
Kani (crab &amp; cucumber) roll &amp; tako nigiri
Seared Hotdog Bites
A dumpling for my dumpling on Valentine’s Day — pierogis with kraut, sour cream, and slow-cooked onions
Cheeseburger!
Migas with last night's chili
Indian Dhokla
Traditional Armenian Ghapama (Stuffed Pumpkin)
Made this sandwich
The Hella Fitzgerald
best pesto linguine - recipe in comments
Lamb prosciutto in the making
Miyazaki waygu with eggs and Hawaiian rolls :)
Butter Chicken from today
English Roast Chicken Dinner 😋😋
fritos taco salad, mom's recipe from the 70s
macarons
Smoked brisket and yam fries
Dinner!
Strip steak and loaded tater
Ravioli with walnuts, basil, and parsley
Spicy Penne
Found this in my cooking class
Meatless Breakfast Patties, Jumbo Free Range Brown Egg, and Brussels Sprouts for Breakfast
lye rolls
Eggs Benny
...my daughters US 10 BLT the other day. I've never seen so much bacon in my life, no way this is a money maker for the restaurant 😂🥓
Chicken soup with noodles and carrots
avocado toast!
Lemon Meringue Tart
homemade pasta with white Truffle
Carnitas Enchiladas
Kakarakaya Vellulli Karam Fry in Telugu చేదు లేకుండా కాకరకాయ వెల్లుల్లి కారం వేపుడు చేసుకోవడం ఎలా?
Crispy chicken, seasame rice, sugar snap peas and a red thai peanut sauce.
Kentucky bacon and eggs with sourdough toast
Arroz Con Pollo
charcuterie.
Vietnamese pork chops and egg rolls!
""VEGETABLE SALAD. English Version
Avacado Toast.
Had a eureka moment in the kitchen...Scallion Pancake Tacos!
Tindora Masala Curry| దొండకాయ మసాలా కర్రీ | Ivy Gourd Masala Curry Reci...
Beef Noodle Soup
Southern style shrimp and grits
Autumn brunch, Cinnamon French toast made with honey wheat bread, piping hot Adirondack maple syrup, thick cut hickory smoked bacon, and apple slices
Sous vide Salmon/seared, mushroom risotto and asparagus.
Fillet Steak and Noodles in Chilli Black Bean Sauce
hot coco
Burger with chicken cutlet, Provola di Agerola fusa, mortadella di Bologna IGP and pistacchio cream.
Bacon from St. Lawrence Market
Whipped Yolk Chicken on a Raft
Vietnamese Spring Rolls
Homegrown scorpion peppers
rosemary garlic butter NY strip
I always like to eat this traditional food Tempura. Tempura usually consisting of seafood, meat, and vegetables.
Waffles with chocolate sauce
Chocolate Chip Cookie from my University’s Bistro
Orange Chicken with Broccoli and White Rice
veggie pizza
Ranch Potatoes with Cheese, Bacon, Green Onion and Jalapeño
Lentil, roti, Black chickpeas, spinach bhaji
Coronavirus News Highlights: Second dose of vaccine will be administered to healthcare workers from 13th... - Moneycontrol
bacon n eggs with everything bagels
simplycook Mexican Chicken Tinga
Pulled pork loaded fries w/ pickled onion, toasted sesame &amp; kewpie mayo
Made a couple hundred gyoza today
Natural healthy Sour Cherry Jam, great breakfast flavor.
Picnic!
Mocha cake
smoked duck purple fried rice. garden vegetables. crispy shallots, furikake, sriracha.
A Baked potato Plus toppings buffet
street tacos
Thick cookies with milk and white chocolate.
Homemade Fruitcake
Half a dozen Sydney rock oysters
stuffed omelet
Penne Pasta with Shrimp Vodka Sauce
Pumpkin Pie Cheesecakes
Croutons, made with bagels.
Garlic Prawns.
some delicious oatmeal porridge to start off my day 😊🤤
New York style bagels
Buffalo Chicken Wings in the Air Fryer
halloween treats !! 🎃
Grilled Peanut butter and Banana with honey
- White layer cake with whipped marshmallow buttercream
homemade vanilla ice cream with jellied Hatch green chiles and toasted pecans
gnocchi in garlic cream sauce with smoked mushrooms
I just eated pizza
Provençal Hors d’Oeuvres
Christmas Cookies by my Daughter.
Dragon GF Cake
Avocado toast
Soy sauce and Eggs
Fruity Pebble Cheesecake with rice crispy crust
Lefse
Feta, Pesto &amp; Dried tomatoes cake
Citrus avocado toast on 7 grain bread with an over-easy egg and bacon
Believe it or not it’s
Vegan Egyptian Koshari &amp; Foul Mudammas
Bread with crushed chillies and oregano baked into it
Pizza with Red sauce, mozzarella, ground beef, red onion, shredded pepperoni, tomato, and donair sauce
Un excellent dessert
the best pizza
Singapore Chili Crab with Texas Toast
Pizza. I guess this is my best result so far.
strawberry punch pie
I cannot wait to introduce my hot sauces to the world
Combination short soup.
Strawberry Bubble Waffle
Grilled Pork Steaks
Noodles with bell peppers, shrimps, leeks, sauces, etc..
Donut with Pastry Cream
My 11:30am breakfast after working 22 hours straight.
pan fried duck breast with dauphinois potatoes, koffmans cabbage, puréed carrot with beurre noisette and red wine jus
Baked Brie Pithivier Style
Tomato cream sauce pasta
millionaire flapjacks
Smoked Salmon Smørrebrød
Kacchi biriyani
fried rice, bao buns with karaage chicken, and yakitori skewers
Pan seared duck with pumpkin seed pesto and pumpkin filled ravioli.
My girlfriend and I have a late night sandwich problem.... tonights menu is turkey salami, with a hidden layer of sour cream and onion sun chips😋 and of course the lettuce and mustard to top it off.
chicken tikka masala. White rice mixed in with brown.
Refashioned Costco Yakisoba Noodles with fried Swai and potstickers
Tofu and Oyster Kimchi | Cabbage bowl with pickles
Quesadilla
guacamole: an essential food group.
Portuguese Pastries
Fruit Pastries
pizza 😎
Italian tagliatelle with ragù
orange chicken and pineapple fried rice
Long week, cold night. Was happy with what I was able to put together from (mostly) scraps in the fridge...
dairy milk red velvet oreo
samosas my favorite.
Готовим круассаны для кофе по - французски
Prime New York Steak for Dinner
Linguini with Stir-Fried Vegetables, Lemon &amp; Balsamic
Roasted Garlic w/ Infused Garlic Olive Oil
Roasted potatoes
See comments for recipe I used.
Simmered pork and fried rice
Mango Cheesecake, mango sorbet, mango puree, meringue &amp; raspberry
Beef Bourguignon Empanadas. Had leftovers and didn’t want them to go to waste. The leaked a little but taste amazing.
Refried Beans
rice pudding with raspberry jam
beef burger, pickles and cheese
Saison pickled eggs.
Reverse seared ribeye, scallops, Brussels sprouts
Chinese Steamed Pork Buns (Baozi)
Japanese gyoza
Indian spiced Sandwich
Attempt at a Beef Wellington for Christmas dinner
Advieh Guanciale
Russian tractor kirovets 2020 #russianpower
..Lol eye candy
Pecan banana bread.
Cottage pie.
Avocado toast with medium boiled eggs and cherry tomatoes, sprinkled with flaky salt
Beef Cheek Barbacoa Tacos
King’s Hawaiian Bun Kobe Beef Sliders with Smoked Gouda, Jalapeño, Crushed Flaming Hot Cheetos, Chili, and Chopped Garlic Butter
Bird's Milk Cake with cherry jelly.
Pork Loin with Hot Pear Relish, and Glazed Parsnips and Potatoes with Cranberries and Toasted Walnuts
Super caloric shake from Pakistan
Mini meatballs, ready to go.
Today we have made a chana Chakwal at 12 Rabi Ul Awal.
Ramen - my spiritual cure for 2020
Oat and banana pancakes
Cheesy chicken sandwiches
jumbo kesar barfi
chocolate fudge cake with nestle turtles on top!
Rib Roast
Chicken with Mushroom Caper Cream Sauce
pumpkin roll
Leeky sink
Bûchette de Noël
Rice noodle soup with leftover fixings from last night.
Burnt gingerbread, Iced with icing
Honduran Tacos
Potatoes Spanish Tortilla
Flank Steak Caprese Pinwheels
carnitas tacos and poblano rice
Grilled rabbit and veggies
Banana Sticky Buns
Egg Pakora/ Egg Bonda
Red Velvet Pancake Batter Deep Fried Moreton Bay Raspberry &amp; Dark Choc Tim Tams
Blackberry Jam (the easiest of all jams)
giant turkey ham and bacon sub
Honey chicken
Cajun Jambalaya
Beet | Avocado | Citrus. (Good Morning, So many Beautiful photos on this page!! Here is a salad I did recently.) Check Me out on Youtube “Chef Zack Kasmar”) Link In Comments!!
pierogie with peameal bacon and onions cooked in duck fat
Penne, Persciutto, and Peas
Pineapple cake with guava curd and vanilla rum buttercream
Homemade veggie ramen
i love all the pics on this page and i hate to admit it but covid times have been pretty rough and ive been wanting to get groceries for the house for my fam i apologize if it isnt on topic but please pm me if interested, if not thank you for hearing me out!
Smoked brisket, potatoes and gravy
Makis and Salmon Sashimi
Salmon tacos with watermelon mando salsa
french silk pie
Pappardelle al ragù
Imbukubka - A Libyan dish
A bowl of flavourful chicken biryani!
BBQ chicken pizza with pineapple and onions
Vongole Pasta
Fruit bread!
Arancini di riso
Reverse Seared Rib Eye Smoked for an Hour
LOTS of Sugar Cookies!
Cinnamon roll - Roll de canela
Pan seared lemon salmon with Tuscan ravioli
Before and After Eating food
Super Bowl charcuterie board. Havarti, gruyere, colby jack and pepper jack, Hot sopressata, salame, mild sopressata, London broil roast beef, smoked turkey and beef tenderloin, various fruit and pickled vegetables, fresh mozzarella, salsa and cream cheese pinwheels, and chocolates
Black-eyed peas. It hit the spot!
Sugarplum macchiato from Dunkin
arugula &amp; walnut pesto risotto and beef roulade with blistered cherry tomatoes
Barbacoa Hash
Baked Stuffed Shrimp with Lump Crabmeat
Dungeness Crab
chocolate filled KWASAHNT
scallion pancake with soy paste, fried Canadian bacon, and an egg!
Even take out biscuits &amp; gravy (extra gravy) breakfast platter - Zeke's - Morgantown, WV
Banana Bread
FAQ: What Biden did — and didn’t do — after U.S. report on Khashoggi’s killing by Saudi agents - The Washington Post
Chicken Khari
An open faced egg and bacon breakfast sandwich with red onion, avocado spread with lemon pepper, sautéed spinach and tomato, topped with homegrown basil and everything bagel seasoning
Yule log cake, filling is cream cheese with whipped cream, cherries, kirsch and covered in chocolate ganache and melted chocolate shards.
Check this crazy  IDEA! 🤣👌
Italian Bruschetta
Salt and Pepper Squid
Leek &amp; potato fall soup.
Three chip chocolate chip cookie.
Sausage, peppers, and onions over a creamy pecorino romano polenta.
" Welch's graham slam! Grape PB&amp;J" My childhood snack during school, what happened to them?
blackened salmon with red pepper pasta and poblano and roasted corn mixture, featuring hibiscus margarita
leftover ham from breakfast makes the perfect sandwich
Garlic bread
Cajun Fries
Curry Chicken Don
chicken lo mein
Sausage and Cheese Omelette. I have conquered the Omelette.
swordfish.
NEW 2021 METHOD HMU GOT YALL FOR 10 🤫🤫🤫🤫
24 hours Sous-vide, 2.5 hours smoked : Venison Ribs
Mole Manchamanteles
Brioche Irish whiskey french toast
Chicken Steak By Riwayati Pakwan
Burger, bun and pickled onions
pasta all'arrabbiata
Was pretty happy with how tonight’s filets turned out.
Pork belly bahn mi with freshly baked bread
Star bread filled with pistachio pesto
Seasonal Beef Wellington
Sticky rice, broccoli with pan fried shrimps.
Chicken and Waffles
Venison backstrap, Brussels sprouts, &amp; twice baked potatoes for the last meal of 2020
Kimchi Fries
Citrus Ponzu marinated Ahi Tuna
salted caramel chocolate chip cookies
Amazing Road Tower Burger of Masoom Shah Road, Multan (Street Food of Pa...
Grilled lobster tail over garlic-butter mixed riced and grilled cajun-rubbed pineapple.
Celebration dinner with fiancé. Looked so good I had to share
Quad choc cookies!
empanadas
Bacon, egg, and cheese, sautéed spinach w garlic
may I present my new twist on quesadillas , the double crunch special , see comments for my attempt at instructions
pumpkin bread. Took the kids pumpkins
Italian grilled cheese- a game changer!
Sliders.
"" Banana Pudding Cheesecake!!!!! Mad Scientist I am!!!
Oat and cinnamon pancakes that I didn’t want to share
Ham and Swiss Cheese Sandwich
chicken tinga taco
Chicken almond curry
Migu forest Chicken Katsu crepe wrap from a Japanese fusion restaurant.
Cajun beef roast and gravy
Creamy Tuscan chicken &amp; fresh pasta
Canelés bordelais
When your sister finally comes out to play!!
I made smoked ribs for brothers engagement. Two more trays not shown
Shrimp broth
Korean Short Rib over Vegetable Fried Rice with Wasabi Aioli
Chicken Parsnip Katsu Skewers
Second attempt at black garlic was a success. It’s certainly not an “instant gratification” type process
Study reveals high blood pressure causes atrial fibrillation - DTNext
Chicken and Rice and Sauce
Cheerwine Poke Cake
Honey Soy glazed salmon and creamy mash potatoes
Bacon wrapped butterflied and rolled flank steak stuffed with oyster mushrooms, capers, and Stilton. Collard greens with homemade bacon and Home fries
How to Make  Sourdough Bread Masterclass for Beginners
meatless katsu curry with avocado
Applewood Smoked
I  Pizzacake
https://ift.tt/38TUpGl
a baguette with shnitzel and a bowl of hummus, along with an extra pita and a bit of fries
Cheesy Herb Garlic Bread
Vegetable soup with homemade fish stock from fish I caught.

What did I do wrong 5 pork chops smoked
Chocolate deluxe waffle!
Chuck-eye steak
Apfelstrudel - a traditional Viennese strudel
Some  epic nachos I made over the weekend.
A Mush and Pepp from Community Pie in Chattanooga, TN.
Stir fried Udon with leftover roast pork
Rumpsteak with beans and fries
Custard Bread | 卡仕达面包 | 奶黄面包
Cast Iron Ribeye and Roasted Veg
Milk semiya food ""
Whipped “hot chocolate” with amaretto and sprinkles
RASMALAI...the most loved Indian Dessert &lt;3
The juiciest chicken I've ever had. Lemon pepper chicken with gold potatos and asparagus
Sweet Sticky Rice Pudding "Kheer"
Naughty Conversation Heart Cookies
Beef Bourguignon &amp; French Bread
constipation enducing mac and cheese
Potato Chips
Baked Rigatoni!
Cheeseburger with bacon
at the Waffle Experience pre-covid and let me just say...Oh god... breakfast
Patty melts with bacon and sautéed onions with tater tots on the side
Mixed Berry Crumble Pie
Halloween pancakes for the kiddos
100 day matured ribeye, black pepper cream sauce, grated truffle
Sans Rival cashew cake
Gasseous Grub
Blistered Shishito Peppers with Avocado Crema
Pastrami short ribs, 5 day cure and fresh from the smoker
Rice-broccoli curry
Hong Kong style cocktail bun
Red Beef Pozole
Mince pies stuffed with home made marzipan and an almond and cinnamon crumble topping
Garlic roasted potatoes, steak &amp; veggies
Xmas Mac Stack
Beef Wellington in the Florida Keys
Pollo Guisado
late breakfast all cooked in bacon fat
Konjac noodles, with bay scallops, grape tomatoes, and shitake mushrooms. Served with pastis.
A5 Katsu sando!
Pumpkin scones
Chees And Bacon Hotdog
Hot Cheetos con queso
Kaesespaetzle - Spaetzle with Cheese (Comte) and Fried Onions
Amazon Goes To Supreme Court In Battle Over Future Group-Reliance Deal - NDTV
Hungarian mushroom soup I saw on here the other day, so I made it. Don't remember who made it.
Seafood canapés
braised brisket
Ghee soaked Thatte Idli = Steamed Rice Cake with chutneys &amp; sambar (From the state of Karnataka in South India - too much to describe here, Google them &amp; drool :P )
Fries topped with Cheese sauce, Bacon, fried Onions and Yoghurt herb mayo
a double cheese smash burger
marble cake cupcakes with Swiss meringue buttercream.
Lamb stew
a fried chicken sandwich (with claw), coleslaw, pickles and yeayo sauce.
Chicken Karaage and Vegetable Tempura
Chicken Pad Thai
Hanger Steak, Pommes Fondant, Salad
spanish tortilla
roast pork egg foo young aka deep fried omelette with gravy
Char Siu Bao!
tuna pasta
Chana Masala with Basmati Rice
Thin crust meatball and pepperoni pizza
Pumpkin cake, creamcheese buttercream, delce de leche drizzle.
Chocolate and choco-chip cookie dough layer cake
Vietnamese Pho
Giant Reese's Pieces Cookie
Jerk Chicken
Butter Naan and Garlic Naan
Vanilla Cupcake w/ Oreo Buttercream
Scottish Eggs with baby broccoli, sauce hollandaise and langos
Fried chicken sandwich and French fries
Nabemono with Shitake Mushrooms and Hanwoo Beef Slices
Risotto Burrata e Pomodoro
sausage basil pizza in a cast iron skillet.
Fish fry with pac-tatoes
Reverse Seared Tomahawk Steak
Seafood Boil plate kids
Thai Cuisine - Pineapple Fried Rice
The Perfect Homemade Apple Pie https://ift.tt/2LYYTCw
Mackerel Katsu on japanese curry with rice
Quince pie for my cake day!
Triple Smashburger with Bacon
Smoked Ziti with Wagyu Ground Bewf
Chicken quesadillas with bacon-y black beans and sauteed peppers
Kluna Tik ăn Thầy Giáo QUÁI VẬT BALDI - ASMR Mukbang eating sounds no ta...
Dulce de Lethe Chocoflan
Reverse Sear Prime Rib
Serious discussion please: I think this is not done good and it doesn’t look so either! The meat is cooked instead of fried, it’s raw instead of rare and the fries are greasy instead of crispy.
My  pizza! Made my own crust.
Cocoa-mascarpone filled NO-bake cake
Steaks topped with jalapeño cilantro sauce and roasted veggies
Rough puff pastry tart with pesto, ricotta and caramalised tomatoes
BBQ meatballs with Kraft Deluxe Mac and Cheese. BBQ sauce is a homemade recipe (that I forgot already)
sous vide and seared venison backstrap, honey roasted carrots, roasted leeks and potatoes, poblano leek cream sauce
Tortellini and Chorizo
Peanutbutter and chocolate cookiea
Viral Video: Ex Minister Raghuveera Unrecognisable - Gulte
Beetroot Cured Salmon
Chester Cheeseburger. This is an overindulgence ins Umami flavors. Poached Burger in an American Grilled Cheese.. burger topped with a french onion reduction
Korean bbq
White Cheddar and bacon stuffed pork loin
Goulash Soup with Beef
BBQ'ed Carrots w/ Dill Crema and Toasted Almonds
Seared ahi tuna tacos with red chili tortillas and avocado lime crema
Spicy basil chicken
stir-fried egg rice noodles with flap meat carrots and broccoli
Classic plain bagel with plain cream cheese.
smoked mushroom jalapeño pizza
Gnocchi with mushrooms, paprika butter, and sour cream
Breakfast Pizza!
Teppanyaki style filet mignon with tempura vegetables
Hamburger with Hofbrau Original
Salmon curry
Just a simple bacon, egg, cheese, and spinach breakfast sandwich. Yummmm
beef bourguignon
Mac Attack!
Eastern Powder: Authentic Indian Curry Powder For Your  Dishes
Salad enthusiast here! also cheese and parsley makes everything better
THIS IS TARGET! Black Friday Pep Talk
Fried deer tenderloin with hollandaise and crabmeat
steak with pan sauce
Carrot Cake with Cream Cheese Icing and Candied Pecans
Salted Caramel Cheesecake with a pretzel crust.
Made steak and chimichurri sandwiches last night. Matty Mathesons recipe.
Chicken Breast with Cauliflower Puree
bacon mac n cheeze
A chicken burrito
Thai Red Curry Soup with Shrimp &amp; Rice Noodles
Red braised pork belly (Hóng shāo ròu)
Chocolate nubs
"Korean" Fried Chicken Sandwhich
Bacon &amp; Cheddar Smash Burger with Cajun Fries and Caesar Salad.
wontons.
Christmas tree shortcrust pastry with cinnamon, almond slivers, chocolate cream sprinkled with powdered sugar.
Crispy Prosciutto, friend Eggplant, Ricotta and Smoked Mozzarella
Pearled Couscous Salad
Chicken... and waffles
Glazed Apple Cinnamon Spice Cake
Shallow-Poached Red Snapper
a home made huge cinimin bun
Lamb Achari and Naan Bread.
pancetta red wine noodles with goat cheese &amp; toasted walnut topping
Seared beef tenderloin, roasted brussels sprouts with bacon, balsamic glazed mushrooms, jammy tomatoes and blue cheese.
Plating for my upcoming food Recipe
sous-vide sea bass and roasted asparagus
MARKET LIVE: Sensex soars 800 points
Crab cakes and salad
Fried Chicken Slider on Sweet Potato Bisit, with a Tangy Pepadew Sauce
Thai Yellow Chicken Curry with Jasmine Rice
Miso salmon bao buns with roasted sesame cabbage
soggy sausage casserole! Mmmmm m m mmmm!
goat guvech with roasted eggplant and leeks
gnocchi and marinara sauce
Leftover birria "french dip" sandwich
Burger with brioche buns
Best meal I’ve ever had!!!
Chicken alfredo
Smoked ribs!
Cooking all day everyday 😰
Snickers caramel tart
a summer plum tart
Mississippi Roast
Independence black bean Aztec soup
Chicken of the woods pot pie
Hoping onto the  beef stew train
Beef Wellington with Parmesan Risotto!
Wellington sub pork
https://ift.tt/3oXI1KU
snack
chicken, sausage &amp; shrimp gumbo
Fried turkey tacos
buffalo fried chicken sliders.
Green Chili smothered Chile Rellenos
Breakfast bowl
Steak and eggs with homefries and pesto spread
bao with slow cooked pork belly and crispy panko apple slices with mayo and sriracha sauce
This Turkish restaurant is #GOATED
San Fran sourdough, baked in the new Dutch oven.
cheeseburger with bacon, onion, mushroom and an egg topper
Poke bowl
Pan-seared salmon, mashed potatoes and bearnaise sauce
Sometimes simple is best. Scrambled eggs with Taylor ham, crispy potatoes and toast with lots of butter
King Kong burger, Berlin
Entrecote with mashed potatoes, brussels sprouts, cauliflower, and red wine sauce.
fish tacosoc
Almond cake
Easter eggs and filled chocolates
little choco cakes !
witch finger cookies.
Spaghetti alla Carbonara
Focaccia :)
A9 wagyu tomahawk steak
lemon buttercream and mango jam macarons
Spicy popcorn chicken on a rainy day
BBQ pork pizza topped with coleslaw
Honduran fried fish with coconut shrimp and plantains
Caramel Apple pie with Pecan Crumble Topping. I love fall flavors
Bagel &amp; Lox
All food in the world
chana masala (savoury indian chickpea curry), microwaved rice, and mint coriander chutney
Asian style prawn stir fry on a bed of basmati rice
Lasanga + Garlic Bread
Chicken empanadas
A Donut
Mozzarella, Mushroom, Onion, and Tomato Pizza
I made  Manicotti for dinner. Delicious.
watermelon, feta and dried tomatoes salad
Creamy Tuscan chicken
2 layer lemon birthday cake with whipped lemon-orange frosting and fresh blueberries
Panfried salmon with thyme and cherry tomatoes
Entrecôte with Hasselbacks-potato, homemade bearnaise and red wine sauce
Chicken Supreme
Tex-Mex Christmas: brisket tacos, handmade tortillas, jalapeño tamales and Mexican hot chocolate
Qurantine Snickerdoodles
The saw won't cut flesh, she knows this, I got her anyway.

family made tacos 🌮 how are they?
White bread wants you to be happy i ate  pro/chef
Smashburgers
Made crepes for breakfast in between school classes :)
Surf n turf- Boneless beef short rib + Nova Scotian lobster
Ham and egg stuffed bell peppers over salsa verde.
VEGOBURGER
Sushi platter(s). Almost ran out of trays.
Steamed Pork Belly
Eggnog custard tart, ginger shortbread crust, rum whipped cream, sugared cranberries and rosemary
Lentil Burger
Slow cooked beef cheeks in red wine sauce, served with mashed potatoes.
Cheesy Chicken Parm and fettuccine
Question. Do you think this oven (gas) is suitable for home pizza baking? Thanks 😄
Bananas Fosters French Toast Breakfast
Smoked Pork Ribs
berry tea glazed hot cross buns
Enjoy this photo of a peanut shaped like a shoe/clog
Bologna Sandwich
Ramen Pizza
https://ift.tt/35TYmZs
Pulled Pork Taco
Chicken lollipop wings
German Marzipanstollen
my not so pretty looking Red velvet cake
Salmon with Capers, Spinach and Rice
Chocolate Brioche Babka
Mini Idlis, Sambhar &amp; Mint Coconut chutney on the side
Mandatory crunchwrap supreme photo!
dragonfruit parfait in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico
Spiced tomato compote, pork loin steak and asparagus
Chili Con Carne Dogs
Perfect named rare steak and presentation.
Cherry Crisp
Dry Brined Lemon, Rosemary and Garlic Roast Chicjen
bacon wrapped white cheddar cheese burgers
Blackberry bombons
fillet steak, rare
Sourdough Pancakes
Philadelphia Cheesesteak And Cheesecake. Call it the Philly special 😂
This had me drooling. India food recipe.
this bag of chip this afternoon. Is this normal? I’m not too sure where to ask this
Braised lamb shoulder chop, rutabaga purée, kasza, and sautéed kale.
Sous vide prime dry aged ribeye.
Smoked Baby Back Ribs, Roasted Chicken, Beef Stew, Mexican Fried Rice, Garlic Fried Rice, and Nachos with Tropical Lemonade
gingerbread buns!
tomato and feta
Paprika Hendi
Potatoes, Bacon, and Pancakes
Chile de Arbol Salsa
Chicken and waffles with Thai banana and potato crowns
Bacon-cheese burgers w/ bacon &amp; cheese
Reverse ringo pt. 2
Tofu broccoli rice bowl with spicy korean bbq sauce and black sesame seeds.
Orange Cranberry Bread
Simple Egg Maggi
Happy Halloween 🎃 👻  Spooky Dinner! Mummy head meatloaf, mashed potato ghosts, and bloody (colored cheese sauce) broccoli!
The Cauliflower’s Cumin From Inside The House Burger
Torrent Power emerges highest bidder for Dadra Nagar Haveli, Daman
Margarita Pizza
Community Services League offering free food during COVID-19 pandemic
pizza inspired puff pastry tart with basil &amp; cherry tomatoes from the garden
Cajun garlic shrimp n creamy grits
Started With Grass-fed Brisket Ended With Pastrami Ruebens
I made aguachile (spicy shrimp).
Puto Bumbong
Turkey stock
NY Strip
Baked Cod with Kale and tomatoes
Slice of Pepperoni on Hyde
Seared Berkshire Pork Loin Chops Stuffed with Balsamic Thyme Goat Cheese &amp; Roasted Concord Grapes
banana pancake
Tandoori Chicken Noodles
I was inspired by u/kryran40 to buy a lattice cutter. Here's my ground chicken, spinach-dip, yellow squash, and red onion meat pies in croissant dough.
Loaded potato skins. 2nd attempt was superior.
Miniature Nutella, Biscoff, Peanut Butter &amp; Marmalade filled Croissants
Meat at a yakiniku restaurant in Japan
Thai Beef Noodle Soup
Spicy tuna rolls
Moroccan Chicken Pastilla
Mango art on mousse cake
Chicken tenders with red pepper and pepper jack cheese
More food trucks and craft beer on tap for Lower Burrell fire company fundraisers - TribLIVE
Apple Crostata with Vanilla Ice Cream
Berry tart
gyros
Dutchman eating Turkish burgur Morrocan merqez Greek salade and Colombian chimichuri 😋
broccoli white pizza
Recipe vs Reality: corned beef and cabbage edition
Fennel Stew
pork fried rice with yellowbird blue agave siracha
Pinwheels-Easy to make snacks
peach blueberry pie
Double smashburger with cheese
This ginger is rocking it during quarantine
Marinara pasta
Shoyu chicken with rice (I like it swimming in the juice)
Vanille yoghurt with raspberries
carnitas tacos with onions, lettuce, and queso fresco
Breakfast this morning
Pizza with jalapeno, pepperoni, and pineapple.
Loaded Nachos with homemade habanero salsa
Sauteed Chicken Thighs with Sauteed Spinach and Roasted Potatoes
Swrawberry jam
Pasta Aglio e Olio
Bacon and cheese smash burger
some salmon and gochujang donuts
A breakfast burger
Pan Seared Salmon with Lemon risotto
Game Day Buffalo Wings
Boiled Rice and Bell Pepper
Turkey pot pie, shepherds style (layer of mashed potatoes on top)
a Melted Olaf dessert
Country White Bread
almond biscotti diet cake
I have a problem!
Black Bean Burger on a Potato Bun
Toasted Chicken with Salads, Spinach and along side Sandwich
Asian style wings
Anthony Bourdains No Reservation inspired meal prep! Sri Lankan Chicken Kottu Roti! **SPICY** step by step instructions and recipe!
U/Double_negative inspired spicy chicken sandwich
Healthy Food For A Healthy Life free ebooks
Pollo con tajadas
Long Morning Ahead
Sandwich cookies
Baked some chicken
Tried to make Chef Anna Olson's Crème Caramel &amp; FAILED!
Thai curry
Just some filets I made for my sisters birthday!
maple ginger salmon
Gnocci Napolitana
Kito ""
Creamy Lemon Scallop Pasta
Pork tenderloin with honey garlic sauce and rosemary roasted butternut squash
Deep Fried Gobble Christmas
4 in 1 - Popular dish in Ireland with rice, chips, chicken and curry sauce
Stir fried udon noodles with shrimp, bok choy, cabbage, onion, and jalapeños.
Baby Chimis. Ground beef, jalapeño, and onion wrapped in a small tortilla and washed in egg &amp; olive oil. Air fried for 6 minutes
10% wholewheat sourdough
Dorayaki
Veggie Pinwheel
Shrimp Ceviche With Coconut Rice
Vanilla Pancakes
Mexican Inspired Guajillo Brisket and Dumplings
veggie sandwich
Campanelle alla Vodka
Chili Cheese dog with jalapeños and green onion.
ChoriDogos Hawaianos / Hotdogs chorizo and pineapple #foodie #hotdogs #foodporn #food #tasty
vegetarian tom yum noodle soup
Tonkotsu Ramen with miso, dark soy, and chili oil. Topped with sous vide chashu pork belly, marinated soft boiled eggs, and scallions!
Cast Iron Deep Dish Pizza
Braided brisket with caramelized onions and potatoes
M&amp;M waffles and scrapple by request
Buffalo Chicken Sandwich
Indian Masala Stuffed Okra Fry
Stake w/ fried onions and a baked potato w/ cheese sautéed mushrooms and sour cream
Duck &amp; Orange Salad starter
Chicken Bacon Ranch Pizza cooked in a cast iron skillet
pizza ,everything from the dough to the sauce to grating the Mozzarella ball.
Chicken nuggets and chocolate milk.
creamy chicken spaghetti
HOW TO MAKE SPINACH AND BEEF SALAD
Bao Buns with deep fried panko chicken
corn soup and pastrami sandwich
Banana, chocolate and salted caramel pancakes.
Beef wellington with a peppercorn sauce, roasted green bean and whipped potatoes!
BBQ Chicken Pizza
Turkey avocado bacon burger on a pretzel bagel with garlic cream sauce
Shrimp Cocktial
Mini apple cider spice bundt cakes with salted caramel buttercream frosting and sautéed caramel apple filling, topped with a sprinkle of walnut
Hainan chicken and rice
sourdough bagels
baked mackerel come to me for more detail on the ocean dish
Croissant Shaping (before &amp; after)
Hot Thai chicken kebabs with lime and coriander
escargot in Paris.
hot chocolate
BOEUF BOURGUIGNON Over Onion &amp; Herb Mashed Potatoes
Panera Broccoli Cheddar Mac And Cheese
mushroom smash burger
a Buffalo chicken sandwich from a food truck in Jacksonville, FL.
Lava cake with ice cream, mint and berries in Cluj Napoca, Romania
Garlic Butter Shrimp Scampi Recipe
brown chicken stock
vanilla cake with honey chocolate icing.
Loaded baked potato soup
Pizza Sauce...
Milk Bread Rolls
Mexican Plate
Chicken Stir-fry
Orange Chicken 🤤
Cooking for one sucks but I try to make the most of it.
Red chicken curry with roasted eggplant and pepper, garlic naan, and cilantro lime rice
Fish fragrant eggplant
Roast Duck.
Pineapple tarts
fresh linguini with a spicy, super garlicky fire roasted tomato sauce.
Papperdelle
Chocolate Chip Cookies for Santa!
Falafel Sandwich with Lactofermented Mango Amba Sauce
cured for 5 days, smoked for 3 and a half hours over a mix of apple and hickory Devoured in minutes. My homemade bacon.
3lb TriTip and PO-ta-tos!
Lemon Ricotta Cake
White cake with cream cheese frosting and berries
How to make MCdolands "" chicken nuggets

Chickpeas and spinach on rice
my banana bread.
Buffalo Cauliflower wings (two different sauces)
Spicy “KFC” Bowl
fries with chorizo *heavy Saturday*
Italian Vegetable Lasagna
dirt and worms chocolate pudding cups!
Pork Chop
Chicken salad
I ate shepherd’s pie
Szechuan style minced pork with eggplants
Hazelnut Pain Au Chocolat
Horiatiki salad with pita bread
Sweet Tomatoes Mac and cheese back in February.
Sashimi Don
Danger Dogs, bacon wrapped hot dogs toped with grilled onions, sour cream, &amp; red and green peppers.
Scrambled eggs on whole grain toast.
Carrot Cake
poke bowl
red beet burger with baked rosemary potatoes
Loaded potato/corn chowder hybrid soup
crumble cake
Maple Butter Chicken Waffle Sandwich
Beef chimichangas
Falafel on Pita Bread with Ztatziki sauce
Animal Style Potatoes
Folded Chicken Tacos Dorados
Waygu filet with a shitaake mushroom, leek and White truffle risotto and arugula salad.
Cheesy, Eggy, Veggie mmmmmm
Sliders with curly fries
Aubergine cutlet, mozzarella, tomato, egg, spinach, pesto, sourdough
Spring Rolls with Brown Rice Wrappers!!
Grilled Chicken
Refrigerator Pickles
Welsh rarebit
Carnitas tostados with pickled onions and chipotle crema
"Angel" Biscuits for family dinner
Crispy bacon &amp; roasted green pepper, onion and tomato.
Chicken Broccoli Braid
IRL Revival Baguette | Who wouldn’t want one of those?!
Sous Vide Tri-Tip
- Poke bowl
Smores cupcakes, with chocolate ganache filling and marshmallow meringue frosting
White chocolate peppermint macarons
Medium Rare Filet Mignon with Oaxaca Mole
Fluffy Pancakes :D
cheddar, beef corn dogs
A homemade burger
steamed noodle with toothpick kebab.
Chicken shawarma quinoa bowl!
cauliWaffles, chicken sausage, and fruit for breakfast with my morning puzzle
Aloo matar pulao
Sopes for lunch pro
Spider challah
Gimbap for my friend’s birthday.
Frita Cubana Burgers
Slow cooked stew and buttermilk biscuits
Breakfast. Eggs, BBQ beans, Ham and flour tortillas.
Roasted Garlic Whole Chicken Dinner
Pure pistachio butter.
Food bank and National Guard tackle increased needs - WTVG
refried Potato Gratin, Gorgonzola sauce, and Pork patty (with white wine, rosemary and basil)
beef tostadas with grilled pepper and onions topped with sriracha crema.
Halloween Monster Pita Pizza's
Schwartz's Montreal Smoked Meat Sandwich
Mitchell Center offers talk about moving to a circular food system Feb. 22 - Bangor Daily News
Ground beef with taco seasoning over mashed potatoes and country gravy.
Elote-Style Chicken Wings
South Indian Mixture
pot roast and other stuff
Traditional egyptian meal.
chocolate brownie lasagna
Smoked lamb, beans and rice over hummus
mountain pies and roasted weenies in upstate NY.
White chocolate and raspberry cake
Cod with Lemon Shrimp Sauce, Spanish Rice, Broccoli and Garlic Bread
baked ziti
Grilled Beef, Pork, and Lamb Cevapi
a miscommunication. Going to need ideas for Brie and Pepperoni
Ponzu Salmon with shiitake mushrooms.
Pumpkin pie 🥧 https://ilmondodellericette.altervista.org/blog/crostata-di-zucca/
Pork Chimichangas
Bow tie Pasta with Marinara sauce, arugula salad and toasted parmesan-topped sourdough
Cavatappi alla Vodka
All Day English Breakfast
chocolate and pecan cake
Cranberry &amp; Pomegranate Mousse Pie
Green onion bread w/ everything seasoning. Yum!
Jamaican beef patties and Jamaican steamed cabbage
Onion Pretzels
Raspberry Passionfruit Meringue Pie
Chocolate birthday cake with cream cheese frosting!!
"Gingerbread" pizza
Eclairs
Dragonfruit
Deer heart ceviche with onion and avocado
Mushroom ravioli in Parmesan cream sauce
Irish Cream Icebox Cake
Classic Dal Makhni...
Mayonnaise
Raspberry jam Donuts
broiled porgy with cilantro chimichurri. Charred zucchini and blistered cherry tomatoes with toasted pine nuts and lemony basil/mint Greek yogurt
pork schnitzel
Mini Pancakes on a Stick
Handmade biscuits
Pasta I made with mostly supreme pizza ingredients.””
my family’s traditional paella
Chicharrones with homemade steak fries
Sourdough experiment: Jalapeño and Cheddar! Turned out savoury and just the slightest bit hot
Southern fried chicken
corn tortillas
dino cake.
Jerk chicken and pork, jamaican rice and beans and a sauce made from the jerk marinade.
fried chicken with fried potato’s
Black Tea and Chocolates
Congee with chicken and oyster mushrooms.
Spatchcock Roast Chicken
Microwave Chocolate cake!
Oatmeal Cookies with Cream Cheese Frosting
chocolate sponge cake with salty caramel &amp; caramelized hazelnuts
Farmer's Stew( 10 hrs slow cooked meat)
Potato, egg and cheddar cheese breakfast bake, plus bacon
Gingerbread People
Beef Bourguignon with mashed potatoes and Texas toast
estofado.
""Full Grill chicken challenge with consequences | food Challenge | Grill ...
A sweet breakfast
Jiggly Cake
Seitan Steaks
“” Beef Biryani !
Egg drop soup
Pepper Steak
a Shiitake and Parmesan pizza
watermelon icecream made by my little bro
turkey with a side of pomegranate and blood oranges
walnut and pistachio baklava
salt &amp; Pepper wings on the BBQ in honour of Chinese New Year
My lunch today.. Mash ki daal with butter and bread.
Creamy tomato gnocchi with burrata
I rolled up my plaster and it looks like a Swiss roll. The left is “”
Apple Pie Panna Cotta
Ramen with smoked pork shoulder
fresh iranian kebab
Chocolate cherry cake 👩‍🍳🍒🍫🍰
Had an extra naan so I created a  chicken curry themed pizza. Curry with chopped red onions, cilantro, and crumbles of mozzarella
Sweet Shepherds Pie!
Armenian-Style Yoghurt Marinated Pork with ALL the other stuff...
Pad See Ew - My take on the classic. Shrimp, chicken, egg, green onion, garlic, broccoli and kale with soy, oyster sauce and some hoisin sauce on the side for accent.
My attempt at beef curry went well!😅
Shishito Peppers with Soy Garlic Sauce
General Tso Chicken
King Ranch Chicken Casserole
Fajita night
Chicken &amp; Veggie Potstickers
Sweet potato mash with kale and bacon topped with poached eggs. Side of brioche toast.
Buffalo Turkey with Cream cheese &amp; Bacon Peppers
Alone in the office trying to recreate one of my favorite sandwiches from back home | Boar's Head Genoa &amp; Hard Salami, Hot Uncured Capocollo, Pecorino Romano, and balsamic drizzle on a cheap baguette.
Cranberry and Orange Glazed Scones
Blueberry pie with white chocolate leaves
nachos
Pesto Pizza with grilled tomatoes, mushrooms and zucchini. Apologize for inadequate dough planning.
It’s my cake day so I made a corn flour lemon chiffon.
Ratatouille, cheese stuffed mushrooms, cheese cubes, mashed potatoes, cig kofte, kisir, macaroni salad and chocolate chip cookies
Frame New Bank Locker Rules In 6 Months, Supreme Court Tells RBI - NDTV
Salmon, Mashed potatoes, and asparagus topped with a lemon beurre blanc
Double layer chocolate cake with espresso cream cheese frosting and ganache!
Banana Bread Cake with Truffle Honey
Cajun Chicken Sandwich with Fries
Ground lamb casserole featuring fresh garden veggies
Hungarian mushroom soup I saw on here the other day
Marsh Hen Mill Shrimp and Grits and Heirloom Jimmy Red skillet cornbread. My version of a recipe inspired my Sean Brock’s book South.
dried tomato loaf
My version of Shepherds pie.
Cinnamon Chip Scones
Fish and chips w/ tartar sauce
cast-iron pepperoni jalapeño pizza. @wannabe_cooking on insta
🥓🧅🍔
Meatloaf with Garlic &amp; Smoked Cheddar Mashed
CHOCOLATEY CHOCOLATE CAKE
healthy icecream
Baked Brie pumpkins covered with puff pastry with crackers. Came out so nice!! They were gone in minutes.
Dark chocolate dipped bananas covered in M&amp;M pieces

30" Pizza
bread!
Indian Sweet Pulao and Chicken Gravy
Viral Videos: Goodbye Connie and Dog Enjoys Snow - WCCB Charlotte
Perfect Roast Chicken
Ramen
Udon Soup. Bok choy, egg, mushrooms, beef, and a lovely broth my bro made for me.
Bacon, Egg, Cheese, Hashbrown, Cilantro Breakfast Burrito
Chicken, Pineapple, Red Pepper Thai Curry.
Pork Chops in Mushroom Red Sauce
Mexican spiced chicken breasts with queso, Mexican rice, and black bean salad!
Pan-seared Salmon and Grilled Asparagus
Roasted Veggie Bowl
Penne with Courgette and Red Pepper
Giant panda cub Fu Bao clings on to zookeeper's leg in viral video - BBC News
“Moroccan” Pasta from Baking with Babish
S'mores Cupcakes!
I will eat whatever you want, just ask ;)
Graham cracker tart with jam, pastry cream, and meringue
Taco pizza with garlic naan crust
Gosht Nihari with Garlic Naan
tikka masala and butter garlic rice
Spicy Teriyaki Noodles with Sauteed Cabbage, Carrots, and Onions, and Sesame Ginger Tofu
Roast duck with honey and lavender.
Roasted Garlic/Fennel/Pork and Chicken/Spinach/Feta kabobs with squash, onions and saffron rice
Steak &amp; ale cottage pie with baby potatoes. Tenderstem broccoli and asparagus on the side.
Nothing fancy
Tofu and broccoli stir fry
Mexican chicken burger
Chile covered mango
desert,
Jerk Seasoning
Apple, cardamom and ginger pie
cold smoked bacon
Chicken Pasta Garnished With Ghost Pepper Cheese
2 soft-boiled eggs and half a toasted bagel topped with salmon, honey mustard wasabi cream cheese, red onions, capers and a dash of Tabasco to spice up life!
Cheese Katsu (Deep fried pork and cheese)
Chocolate Bundt, pre icing
beef noodles
Fried prawn gyoza
Roasted butternut squash soup 🍁🍁🍂🍂
My LA Galbi
THE CUMZONE CRACKERS
Food, Brah!
lasagna with homemade meat sauce
Chilled Lemon Souffle w/ Whipped Cream and Candied Lemon Peel Garnish.
Honey Walnut Shrimp
, Coconut MCT Oil
Purple yam jam waffle sandwich
Italian chicken over lemony spaghetti
a McRib &lt;3
Loco Moco. I miss traveling, man.
Thiccc Winter stew: Seared pot roast, boiled potato, and whole mushrooms slow-cooked in a seasoned consomme and vegetable broth base
cheese burger
pickles.
taiyaki with a cream cheese filling
Sapporo Ichiban - Chow Mein (w/ green onion, sautéed red onion, pan roasted sweet corn, chili oil, and two sunny side eggs with crispy garlic flakes)
"Bora"
Just prepared Canarian Pinchos Morunos (pork)
Root Veggies Au Gratin with Beets, Parsnips, Potatoes, Carrots and Gruyere!
roasted salsa with pineapple and guahillo chilli
Vietnamese bun rieu
Cranberry Orange Shortbread Cookies
Pappardelle ragu
173 Gyoza
beef jerky
Finally got a nice glaze on my chicken teriyaki!
veggie platter
Beer Cheese Soup with Sausage, Potato, Onion, and Green Pepper
Pork Rind Encrusted Chicken, Cauliflower “Mac” n Cheese and a Roma. It may not look like much but it’s a step in the right direction. (Sauce is G. Hughes)
Plant based sloppy joe and mac and cheese
McDonald’s style breakfast burritos.
Ham Hocks
Double Bacon &amp; Cheese Smashburger
the best Gnocchi in a while.
Apple Cranberry Muffins with Pecan Streusel
Tortilla de patatas!
Pizza done on the BBQ
Fettuccine Aglio e Olio.
FRESHHH Sashimi Moriawase - Sakura Chaya Clovis, CA
brown pancake among us.
I Made this sandwich. Looks good doesn’t it. Watch my latest video for my recipe. https://youtu.be/N4Vr15NIqEY
duck heart en persillade and olive oil and truffle puree
The new Lamb Pizza "Silencer of the Lambs" from the New Zealand Pizza chain Hell Pizza
Strawberry and Pistachio Chocolate Bonbons
Fermented Freso Chili Hot Sauce!
Honey chilli chicken and salt and pepper chips.
Crispy rice bites with spicy tuna and avocado
bacon cheeseburger
General Tso’s Chicken w/ German Pilsner
Reverse-seared prime ribeye with chile powder rub
Nutella and caramel filled chocolate cookies
Dhokla (Indian)
Pecan pie
Broccoli Beef
pancke fluffy
Focaccia Cheese Bread With Feta Recipe - Τυροψωμο Σπεσιαλ Με Τοματινι
Cheeseburger loaded fries at Cave Man BBQ, WA
Air Fried Zucchini Fries
Warm Five-Nut Brownie with Ice Cream
Pan seared prime rib
Ham sandwich, dagwood style
Banana shake from billy Bobs dairy land in Branson Missouri.
Cream Cheese Garlic Bread
Levain style cookies - Chocolate chip + Walnuts
Grilled steak w/Chimichurri and Bacon fried Brussel Sprouts
French bread pizza (4-ways) and chicken wings.
Bavarian Kaiserschmarrn
fried rice.
My favourite comfort food, slow cooked Beef Cheek Ragu with parmesan and garlic stuffed turkish bread.
Beef Stir Fry with Fried Rice
Beef Stroganoff from Binging with Babish
Halloumi salad
KIMBAP VÀ SUSHI
Crispy Orange Chicken with Jasmine Rice
Cream cheese and aged cheddar stuffed jalapeños topped with crispy prosciutto.
A double double In-N-Out burger.
Quesadillas and Masala Chips
Fussili Bolognese
soy sauce Ramen in a pot thats too big because I didn't want to wash the smaller pot.
breakfas made on fun day homemade, pro chef H iat You must have "" somewhere in your title.
Menudo
Spicy Tonkotsu Ramen with a smiley face
Grilled Chicago deep dish Pizza Giordano’s style with PR sausage
Pumpkin Cheesecake
ground beef bulgogi
Cheesy almond dip
Lamb chops I grilled up for dinner
lechon belly roll with a twist
Puerto Rican Flan
Lego Kitchen: LEGO SUSHI in Real Life - ASMR Stop Motion/Mukbang Food
Stuffed squid with veal/pork mince and pork belly
Could meteorites have brought water to Earth? - EastMojo
Eggs Benedict W/ Capers, Gravlax, Sprouts.
Peanut butter Cap’n Crunch with a chocolate syrup drizzle
The heart shaped Chicken McNugget I got from McDonalds ❤️
Salchipapas
Fried rice with panko haddock and katsobushi
Salmon Dinner!
Double crust chicken pot pie
feijoada. Brazil’s national dish.
Peach Yummy - made with Peach Rum, Peach Juice, Peach Chunks, ice and Mint
Avocado toast with runny egg and kale
Cassoulet salad with raw onions and aceto balsamico. Served with a Jade Chasselas 2019
Coronavirus: COVID-19 infection cannot be prevented by common cold antibodies, says study - Times of India
Kimchi jjigae. Part 2
Cajun Burger
Lorn
a fresh Poki bowl in Hilo.
Spicy Thai Basil Chicken
Shepard’s Pie
i made cupcakes (again)! these ones are chocolate coffee with vanilla buttercream and a marshmallow filling
everything bagel with minced onion
surf and turf burger (with lobster salad)
Squash Blossom burrata pizza
Just turkey, cheese and bread- melty
rainbow crepe cake
Swedish Meatballs and Mashed Potatoes
Xian’s Famous Foods Hand Pulled Noodles
Grilled Short Ribs &amp; Springrolls
Blacked Ribeye, Blue Cheese Mashed Potatoes, Asparagus
My fīršt pretzels
Fish Tacos
Nearest fast food place is about an hours drive away so I made my family some chicken burgers with brioche buns.
Caesar Burger. 8oz beef patty with caesar dressing, grilled onions, and romaine, on a Kaiser roll bun
Crab Crusted Filet with Honey Roasted Brussels Sprouts, Mashed Potatoes and topped with Hollandaise.
dry ice chocolate ice cream (dry ice from our local meat share delivery)
Shocking Chocolate Cake Mosaic-The Easiest Quick Cake Recipe
Braised Short Ribs
the most easiest chocolate sponge cake merendina
My gf dish 😋
Cheese Salad
Best Mukbang ASMR Artist TC ASMR -  Burger King with daughter
Baked Chicken Wings tossed with Garlic Aoli sauce and fresh bacon bits
Vanilla Biscotti
Chicken nuggets and French fries
a falafel sandwich topped with curried chickpeas and mango,and tzaziki yoghurt
'Aero' Chocolate
Christmas cake with marzipan and icing
Neapolitan Style Margherita Pizza
Tri-fecta wings
I ate a sandwich
Reverse sear rib roast.
Leftover Birria becomes grilled cheese
regular college ramen, subbed in coconut milk, curry paste, crushed peanuts, tofu, and cilantro.
Tom yum kung
Seared Lemon Scallops Pasta
Homemade fried chicken sandwhich.
Dark chocolate cookies with Reese’s Pieces, Pumpkin Soup, and Bratwurst Mummies!
rose-ish colored pasta with coleslaw on the side!
Irish coffee themed cake for my Boss’s b-day!! Chocolate coffee flavored cake, Bailey’s Irish Cream buttercream and chocolate buttercream. Semi-sweet chocolate ganache drizzle. Layer is filled with buttercream and fresh chopped strawberries.
Pepperoni and bacon pizza
croatian grill platter
Phở Ga
traditional banh mi
Breakfast eggrolls, salsa, &amp; a big bowl of bloobs
Braised beef, pork belly, and bihon al nero (black pasta)! Sobremesa, right??
Vanilla cake with cookies and creme frosting and chocolate ganache
Game day  steak ribeye nachos w/ homemade pico de gallo
Pappardelle with pork ragù
Turkish delight
Beer Can Chicken
Instantpot chocolate cheesecake
Grilled ham and cheese
carrot cake with cream cheese frosting.
maple mustard baked chicken and making popcorn as movie snack 😇
Asian style baby back ribs.
Chilean Sea bass, wilted garlic spinach, and brown rice with edamame
Facebook girl post  dough she was kneading. Y’all see what I see?
German chocolate turtle bars
Carrot Cake
After 9-month freeze, Centre starts clearing China FDI plans - Times of India
Red beans and rice (didn’t miss her!)
Sous Vide Beef Wellington
Red Velvet Cupcakes w/Maple Bourbon Frosting
pastel de nata
Apple Crumble Muffins
Traditional Moroccan couscous. Happy to provide recipe if asked for.
A Grazing Board I made for my Family
Pizza with Italian meats, 4 cheeses and black olives.
Shakshouka w/ a dash of ghost pepper sauce (made by a dear friend)!
Delicious Chinese food
Aloo Mattar Paneer w/Indian-Spiced Tilapia
late night snacks- Taiwanese popcorn chicken 🐓
Seafood Chowdah
Carne Asada Quesadilla with grilled red peppers &amp; onions and topped with guacamole, sour cream &amp; salsa!
English baked classic flapjacks
hokkaido brioche / winter cherry &amp; sage cultured butter
Fried squirrel with biscuits and gravy
Chinese delivery - beef broccoli, pork lo mein, pork fried rice, honey chicken.
Korean short rib stew.
Beef Wellington for Christmas dinner.
Relaxing Slime Compilation ASMR | Oddly Satisfying Slime ASMR Videos #35
pickled red onions
Kimchi, smashed cucumber, seaweed salad
Veganism should also be the new normal. Tofu is the new meat.
late New Years Steak Pie
margherita flatbread
Chocolate Banana bread
baby back basket
Asparagus, ham, egg, butter sauce
Canneloni
beef ribs, French fries, stir fry 😎
Spanish torta!!!
Brie and Caramelized Onion Frittata with a little Chives and Smoked Gouda
steak
Chocolate Fondant
5 MIN LUNCH Low Carb Wrap, friendly meal! It’s also pretty filling!
Ham and veggie omelette with hashbrown and fresh fruit
Last food of 2020!
Fallen chocolate cake
tomato soup and grilled cheese
Mexican Pizzas
prime fillet mignon
Paitan Ramen
Malai Kofta and Homemade Garlic Naan
Pork with peppers from Florina
Have you ever try PAELLA?
Sausage Egg and Cheese McMuffins
Philly Cheese Steak (Rib eye, onions, green pepper, provolone)
Rhubarb Crumble with brown sugar and granola topping
Ratatouille (Confit Byaldi)
grilled cheese and spicy creamy tomato soup with a tomato skin rose garnish.
Fried rice with tikamasala chicken
blueberry loaf
Canadian Thanksgiving dinner
A Double Gringa
Shrimp Teriyaki and Fried Rice
Cinnamon Butter Croissants
Spanish Food
chili dogs with coleslaw on all beef Nathan’s!
BBQ Pork Sandwich
Butterchicken
Cast-iron porterhouse
Nut Free Pesto | using Jackfruit seeds
Curry Ramen
Marinated Chicken Fajita Bowls with Cauliflower Rice
Roasted Garlic, Herbed Goat Cheese Scalloped Potatoes.
beef pho a d egg rolls
Cinnamon Apple Galettes from my cafe.
Sundubu jjigae
Chicken wings.
Shrimp potato corn chowder
Salmon, rice, mashed potatoes and salad.
Southern fried green tomatoes! 😋 Just like Grandmas.
cookies for Santa. I made a chocolate chip recipe but used tiny peanut butter cups instead of chips. My teenage children don't believe in Santa but I wanted cookies.
TMNT Sugar cookies
Stew in the cast iron is my favorite
tomato, caramelized onion, and goat cheese crostata
Knafeh
Crispy potatoes with cheese &amp; bacon
Braised short ribs and risotto
Salted Caramel Apple pie
Check out my Prime Rib!
Struffoli
pork and chorizo burgers with lettuce and tomatoes severd with skin-on fries
Mario eat your heart out 🍄🍄
Recently I found this thing in my kitchen. Anyone explain what is this for ?
Thánh Nấu Ăn làm Mỳ Ý Spaghetti với GIÁN😱 Stop Motion funny videoMukba...
pepperoni pizza with olives on half with garlic butter spread on the dough.
artisan bread
Hand laminating cinnamon croissant (fourth attempt)
Teriyaki Chicken
Chicken Burger and Chips.
spaghetti w/ red wine😋👍🏼
snack
Goulash
Spinach Artichoke Dip
Spicy Chicken Deluxe.
Double cheeseburger with 3:2 bread ratio
, Mughlai Shahi Paneer
Vegetable Beef Soup I made
Buddhist temple food pantry a lifeline for Nepalese students - WJXT News4JAX
Pulled Pork Supreme Nachos With Home Brew Ice Tea
Yaroa
Pecan Tart
Mahi Mahi Fish Tacos with a Pineapple Lime Avocado Slaw, Yuca Fries, and a Smokey Jalapeño Ketchup.
Lentil Curry Stew
Wife made some delicious asparagus, parmezan, roasted tomatoes and poched egg!
Jicama Shrimp Tacos
want to win some fast food gift cards ? check it out here

Spooky Season spicy mortadella and salami pizza with jalapeño &amp; cheddar dipping sauce.
Chocolate chip muffins
BBQ Brisket and cucumber salad
chicken parm!
Yellow daal curry
Seafood platter made to look like an under water scene
Bulgogi and baby bok choy over white rice
🔥Hot wings! 🔥
Yesterday's post inspired me to try an Oklahoma Onion Burger too. Thank you George Motz I now have a favorite burger.
Maggi noodles with vegetables
3 Tier Cake
Enoki pork rolls and baked japanese sweet potato.
Shakshuka with Feta and Spinach
Prostart culinary comp. Appetizer 😊
raspberry, strawberry/rhubarb, and blackberry jam.
Egg &amp; Cheese Breakfast Burrito
indian paneer bhurji (cottage cheese mix gravy)
Seitan steak and crispy potatoes
White Chocolate Chip Brownies
Baked beans on Marmite toast
Tartufo di Pizzo, typical southern Italy dessert.
Smoked Cajun Turkey
Candied Lemons.
grilled gochujang chicken, roasted baby broccoli, and spaghetti squash with grilled tomatoes and a touch of butter 🤌
dunkin donuts
I like to make pizza as a side hobby
coq au vin
Churro Cheesake Bars
lasagna, garlic parm bread and a Caesar salad
ratatouille - about to go in the oven
Chicken thighitas on corn tortillas with queso fresco and roasted salsa.
Coconut rice with Sambal Prawns (Nasi Lemak Sambal Udang)
4 ingredient, 10 minute salad
Blueberry and lime cake
dolsot bibimbap (korean sticky rice with veg &amp; meat in a hot stone pot)
A ‘sample’ crostini appetizer I made for a wedding last night.
a tenderloin sandwich
Steamed spareribs with black beans
Fried chicken skin on a stick
Donuts and fritelle
Eggs Benedict for my daughters birthday breakfast
People who love munching on almonds should be aware of their nutritious values. Almonds are hailed as the “Power House of Nutrients”. There is no wonder that almonds are among those few dry fruits that are easily available in the market at affordable rates throughout the year.
Raspberry Chocolate Cupcake
Spicy Miso Ramen
Creamy Chipotle Shrimp on a bed of pasta.
Garlic chip focaccia
Perfect  ribeye for Valentine’s Day
Pizza - 25% spent grain from brew
Upside-down Blood Orange Maple Thyme Cale
Mushroom soup
Wild mushroom risotto with truffle oil and blue cheese
Bangers &amp; Mash
Brioche bread loaf
Mahi Mahi, baked potatoes, and caramelized broccoli
Hopping John
grilled cheese with a chili dog

browned butter banana bread
Butter Chicken with some basmati rice and homemade Roti’s
Homemade Roast Beijing Peking Duck
My molasses honey cookies
"" a homemade kfc double down that i made
rocket ship blueberry pie
Candied Bacon
this is part 2 of what food I have in my camera roll. People in the last post said there was not enough veggies so I included some of the times I at least had a bit of healthy food!😅😂
Christmas Ham, so easy to make!
Mexican chilaquiles with salsa roja , eggs , beans , lettuce , onion , avocado, some mexican crema and queso fresco !! Delicious breakfast!!!!
Pizza with fresh mozzarella, roast peppers and onions
Watermelon Sculpture
Crumble plum tart
Steak frites ft. sweet potato fries
My wife is asleep, and today we start weight watchers. Getting one last treat in.
French Onion Soup.
grilled cheese
Indian style garbanzo beans with rice topped with pickled and chopped onions
v yummy stuffed dinner rolls
Banh Mi - Vietnam Traditional Breakfast combo
sticky smoked pork ribs
beer battered fish tacos with cilantro lime slaw and chipotle mayo
Dirt &amp; Worms Brownies
Kong Guksu - homemade black soy milk, macha soba noodle, char siu brined egg, baby bok, kimchi
Bacon-wrapped Street Dog
Squash soup with mushroom dashi base, garlic croutons and herb oil
General Yao’s Chicken
New York style cheesecake with strawberry sauce.
(I ate) pandan loaf with coconut
Prawn, Chorizo, &amp; Tomato Paella.
Blueberrie muffin mix meant for 6 but made 12
pasta
Pancakes with syrup and walnuts
Beef Bourguinon
Noodles with chicken, mushrooms and stir fried sugar peas
Veg Cutlet
Colombian beef stew.
Dobby cake
Veggie Omelete
Christmas Eve Prime Rib
Pasta casserole
Applewood smoked turkey breast
koththu roti
Yesterday was fajita day!
Biscoff and white chocolate cheesecake
soft boiled egg, stewed pork, vegetables, rice
spicy, southern fried chicken sandwich
Cream Cheese Jalapeno Poppers
Pineapple Fried Rice
Beef Stew With Tomatoes
Apple bread
Spicy Nachos
roasted eggplant, tomato, burrata and pesto on toast
Honey Barbecue Chicken Wings
tres leches with strawberries
Smoked ham and cheddar frittata, black pudding, olive salad and an English muffin.
mirchi ke salon for biryani
Bean pie
Grilled cheese sandwich with runny poached egg
Halloween Ghost Brownies Recipe! 👻
Swiss and white wine cheese fondue at "Chez Suzette" in Montreal
Crispy skin barramundi with roast potatoes, green beans and orange vinaigrette
Beef short ribs. Might be the prettiest thing I have ever cooked 😂
anniversary dinner
Stewed Calamari with Green Peas and Potatoes recipe
smoked maple cookie wrapped in bacon.
Wagyu brisket
Pumpkinetti Cookies
Shahi Paneer Kofta Korma
Fudge
Is this meat undercooked? It’s lamb mince
Just saw this getting stocked in a store today. It’s 85 degrees out....SMH.
Buttermilk pancakes with whipped cream, blueberries, raspberries, strawberries, pistachios, walnuts, chia seeds
Keto-friendly pizza!
Simple bento with eggs, sausages, cherry tomatoes, avocado and onigiri
Trabis Scott Burber
Butterbean Goulash
Chicken lettuce Wraps with soya sauce.
Thử Thách: Chỉ nấu ĐỒ MÀU TÍM trong 24H cùng Thánh Nấu Ăn - ASMR Stop Mo...
Banana Beet Smoothie
steamed shrimp with chopped garlic and oil on top, one of my favorite authentic Chinese dishes
My fav coupon discount fast food spot
Crab &amp; shrimp ceviche with Old Bay-dusted tortilla chips
11-layer hazelnut, coffee, salted caramel, and chocolate opera cake
Kogi inspired short rib tacos
Pies - Pecan, Chocolate, and Pumpkin
Pumpkin pie sugar cookies!
Nashville hot chicken sandwhich
flaky cheese dish
Breakfast Burrito
Heirloom Tomato &amp; Manchego Quiche
Nashville Hot Chicken and Waffles.
Clam chowder and shaved Brussel sprouts salad
https://ift.tt/2Y4SuID
Pizza
Poached eggs
Sweet Potato Crunch
Top sirloin steak w/grilled onions..Alfredo pasta..Cheesy Texas Toast..Watermelon Salad
chicken &amp; mushroom soup in a 24-hour broth
Vegan Chocolate Chip Banana Bread Muffins
cofee extraction
Mom-In-Law’s  Shakshuka
grilled fish with button mushrooms.
Shakshuka with a bit of a personal twist
Navy beans sautéed with tomato sauce and cherry tomatoes, with basil from my garden.
Crispy shrimp, peas, macaroni &amp; cheese
instant pot lamb shanks
My attempt at a Croquembouche. Kinda sad, but tasted awesome!
Tuna + Cucumber salads
Meatlover Calzone
Chicken drumsticks glazed with a Asian BBQ sauce
Pickled Red Onion
Shrimp and yellow rice
Brown sugar cured bacon
Spaghetti alla Puttanesca
A porkchop
Thai Basil Chicken (extra spicy) with rice
🦌 🌮 🥗
Ravioli with homemade tomato sauce
Blue cheese - Fourme d'Ambert style
Stuffed Pork Loin, Smoked
Grilled wings with my own fermented hot sauce
Eggs and Avocado Toast
Lobster Roll
Bratwurst patty "burger" with homemade kraut, swiss, paprika cream sauce, toasted pretzel bun and served with hot German potato salad and Bier
Ribeye Tacos
butter chicken
crepes
tapas including patatas bravas, gambas al ajillo, watermelon-beet gazpacho, chorizo-stuffed mushrooms, and a pear galette.
Potatoes and Chorizo.
Cozinhando ASMR - Fazendo Salada De Luxo De OURO - Unusual Stop Motion/M...
Breakfast Burger
Fried Chorizo Tacos al Pastor with Oaxaca cheese
Kouign-Amann
Apple Crumble.
Giant Calzone
Slow roasted beef tenderloin, creamed spinach and a mushroom, onion and blue cheese galette.
Bacon, over-easy egg, and Colby-jack cheese on a toasted English muffin.
Beef Teriyaki over rice
Walnut, caramel and krantz cake
Cauliflower roasted in chili butter.1
Rose shortbread cookies
new favourite cookie, double chocolate salted caramel with walnuts
Rack of Lamb
Pizza with cilantro
Chicken Mole and Rice!
Hamachi with Apple and Chile Oil
Sweet Potato Soup with Roasted Pecans
mapo tofu
Beet + Classic Hummus mix, with lemon zest, capers, smashed toasted chickpeas, beets, olive oil dressing and garlic bread.
breakfast burger with bacon, egg and cheese
I made baklava/saragli!
korean fried chicken salad
Viral video of musicians and their funny expressions sparks meme fest - The Indian Express
Roasted Turkey Breast, Mashed Potatoes, and Green Beans
Cinnamon Custard Apple Pie
Deconstructed Mahi Mahi ceviche
Bollos de Chelsea.
15 Colorado Brands Earned Top Honors at the 2021 Good Food Awards - 5280 | The Denver Magazine
Ribeye on Big Green Egg with crescent rolls and garlic mashed potatoes
Shrimp &amp; spinach artichoke dip
chocolate chips cookie and different kind of croissant
Late night snack
Salmon Teriyaki
Improved instant ramen
Pasta sauce 2 types | Pasta sauce making at home | Red sauce and White sauce pasta
A bowl of tteokbokki
Breakfast Taco on soft white corn tortilla. Would happily eat these everyday
Canarian Ropa Vieja
Cheesy Gordita Crunch
Mes belles crêpes, exotic pancakes cooked over medium fire with a tiny bit of butter and delicious syrup.
""
Pan Pizza
Blueberry Pie, made on Pi Day, eaten on the Ides of March.
Goulash and kopytka.
It was raining outside couldn't wait to bake a Blueberry Cheesecake.
Toasts with avocado, smoked salmon and poached eggs
Kabocha Soup
Chettinad Chicken
Wet beef burrito
queso burger
loaded baked potato soup. Can't beat it on a chilly night.
Fried bacon chicken sandwiches with coleslaw
He’s not wrong
Pastrami, mustard and rye bread
Jalapeño Popper Burger on a Bacon-Latticed “Bun”
So I Made a farm to table marketplace app SimplyLocal - sorts by distance 8100 farms selling direct to consumer beef, chicken, pork, milk, eggs, produce, seafood, bison, elk, goat, and many more... thoughts?
noodles
BEEF FAJITA
remove one item from the table
Key lime bars! ^-^ &lt;3
Bitter Orange Marmalade with Sevilla Oranges
Tiramisu Dessert
Bulalo - Filipino beef shank dish boiled with onions, salt and whole black peppers. Veggies added for additional flavor.
This is what  24 year old corn relish looks like and no, there is nothing in the world that could make me taste it.
Cherry tomato and cheese quiche
Tamago (Japanese omelet) and toro (tuna) sushi &amp; sashimi
10-hour chilli beef ramen
pancakes for breakfast 🥞
Taco Bell Mexican pizza
spinach, onion and red pepper omelet topped with Sriracha and gruyere with a side of bacon, shitake and avocado.
4 Chickens and 2 Legs of Lamb over fire 🔥
a sushi platter
Apple fritter bread!
Meat "à la Lyonnaise" with mushrooms and cherry tomatoes
Shrimp &amp; Grits with Seared Scallops
Baby You Can Chive My Car Burger
Beef Bourgignon and mashed potatoes
Brownies  &amp; Vanilla ice cream
Peach focaccia with thyme
sonic the hedgehog curry with chicken and a glass of milk
Crispy Chicken Skin Pita, Tahini, Za’Atar, Avocado, Tomato &amp; Cucumber.
Braided Garlic Butter Buns
Ramen for dinner
Thin spaghetti and fettuccine
A Rueben
Cinnamon Roll Cake w/Pecans
Pumpkin shaped pumpkin buns
You can only add FOUR toppings to this burger.
Tonkotsu Ramen - my cat smelling when he just woke up
Pork Siopao (Filipino Steamed Buns)
Such a cute dog
Homemade Keto Brownie topped with Madagascar Vanilla Beam icecream, garnished with almond chunks
Fish cock
Raspberry Cheesecake
Beginner baker, just started using rosette piping tips :D
Jalapeño Bacon Gouda Sharp Cheddar Mac n Cheese
winter wonderland cake
bluefin tuna sushi
Soft Yeast Rolls
Dakgangjeong
pesto cream cheese spread with spinach mozzarella and parmesan cheese with a light honey drizzle on an everything bagel
Pineapple Lime Chicken on Rice Pilaf
Thai Peanut Noodles
indian tex-mex steak and eggs ranchero
Medium rare New York Strip Steak.
Balsamic Fig, rosemary, and Walnut glazed chicken
Homemade sourdough grilled cheese with cheddar and provolone
Lime meringue tart
Mastering my pizza craft with my Ooni Koda 16. I made a 12” pie with homemade fresh mozzarella, roasted red peppers, artichoke heart, Kalamata Olives, all on top of pepperoni and a homemade red sauce.
Pretzel bites I made/ate
Saint Lucia buns (lussebullar)
Braised Beef Poutine
Dinner rolls, glazed with a little honey / butter and sprinkled with sea salt.
Lamb Chops marinated with rosemary &amp; thyme and served with goat cheese, hummus and pita bread.
Chicken Pie.
Yogurt cake
I see Benedict on croissant and raise you Benedict on pancakes  in Barcelona!
Pork Ramen
Sesame chicken with sticky Asian sauce and roasted broccoli
Halloween cake. Not perfect but gosh darn it, I tried my best.
Tăng cân hoàn hồng sâm QM Pizza
Apfelstrudel (Apple Strudel) 🇩🇪
Stir fried pork with peppers and rice
Noodles Chiang Mai style.
48hr sous vide wagyu shortrib with applewood smoked hastleback spuds with serano ham wrapped asparagus and crispy broccoli with parmesan crisp roasted on Pro Q with cocoshell briquettes and applewood chips.
Pizza Recipe Video
Chicken Tikki Masala 😙
German Chocolate &amp; Red Velvet Layered Cake
An English persons' second go at American biscuits
Vegetable curry
French onion soup with home smoked Gouda.
Taiyaki Ice Cream Inspired Cake
Chester-Rouer
Bacon and Kimchi Fried Rice
Clam Chowder and Grilled Cheese
A porkchop I got on the menu.
National Nacho Day
General Tso's Chicken and Slaw
pulled BBQ chicken, black eyed peas, mixed greens, rice and cornbread.
Guatemalan pork tamal
Steamed soy ginger wild pacific rockfish. With steamed rapini and lemon.
Drunken Lamb Risotto
Kimchi Bacon Fried Rice
KFC Chicken By Villagers In India To Provide for Poors !!! VCM
Bacon-wrapped pork chops, baked in 100% pure maple syrup
"We Will Bring AstraZeneca Vaccine From India," Says Mexico President - NDTV
Special Dark Chocolate Kiss cookies
steak brunch
Ghost Peppers - Bhut jolokia
shrimp fried rice !
Snickerdoodles with fresh grated cinnamon
Charcuterie
Duck with a red wine reduction, dauphinoise potatoes and vegetables
Montana brothers seen on viral video chasing Capitol Police officer face charges, prosecutors say - Fox News
Skillet Chicken, Broccoli, and Ziti
Super Easy Cauliflower Fry
牛排骨不要只會紅燒了，來試試這種中西合璧的做法吧，香味獨特，簡單被秒光，超級下飯哦！
Mushroom Soup, Elderflower Frittes
Greetings to Oreo lovers out there 👋
Tonkotsu Tsukemen, beef
Marinated Barbeque Pork Ribs
Edible Flower, Endive &amp; Watermelon Radish Salad
A Fantastic Burger
Perfect Ribeye Steak!
Stew
Garlic Mash with Chimichurri sauce, Asparagus, &amp; Ribeye steak
Seafood Mix
Giant platter of sloppy birthday nachos. It was everything I had hoped for.
Sicilian style pizza
fried chicken sandwich with bacon on buttermilk biscuit and smothered in sausage gravy
Heart sugar cookies
Oreo checkerboard cake
Smash burger in homemade potato bun and homemade “American” cheese made from extra mature Snowdonian cheddar
fry bread taco pie.
Breakfast for dinner after a day of shovelling snow. Stuffed potato pancakes with sour cream, scallion, bacon bits, cheddar cheese, with the usuals and some homemade bread and strawberry jam.
Crispy skin chicken over roasted veggies
French Onion Chicken Wings topped with fresh gruyere cheese and crispy onions
Calamari with hot peppers we grew.
Pasta with Pomodoro
Nepalese Momos
Spiced Red Wine Poached Pears (recipe in comments)
Onion mushroom tortellini
Garlic/Thyme Butter Basted Pork-Chops with Sautéed Cherry Tomatoes in Basil &amp; Star Anise/Sumac Rice
10 Foods You Should Never Eat
Open-face spicy Spanish chorizo breakfast tacos!
Tuna salad
Japanese Strawberries
Beefwellington
Roasted Turkey breast/shoulder
cream cheese stuffed garlic bread
Shrimp, asparagus, and tomato with garlic butter and pesto over linguine
Mise en place for late-night bacon and egg, mushroom, cilantro and tomato fried rice. (Finished product in comments)
Pork Schnitzel
Cinnamom rolls
Chocolate Croissant Cubes
Oooops, I did it again.
Double smash burger
Japanese bacon
Crispy Sesame Chicken
1/2 Meatball 1/2 Bruschetta Pizza
Black Truffle Duxelles Mac n Cheese and dry aged Filet Mignon with truffle duxelles
I love to cook when we’re home
Roast Chicken with
Chocolate fondant with red wine from Langdoc.
how to create twitter account 2020
Attempt at animal style fries.
Spaghetti alle Vongole
sous vide "barbeque" pork ribs with custom dry rub
Tteoboki
Tikka Masala Gnocchi 😋
Roasted squash &amp; chickpeas, with red cabbage, Asian pear, feta, pecans, lemon tahini dressing
Spicy Chicken Stew
Grand Marnier Soufflés
BBQ chicken yakitori
- Blueberries Cheesecakes
BAKED BEEF RAVIOLI
Hot Dog Infinity Stones
Banana Walnut Mini Muffins
Hot and Sour Soup, Chicken Fried Rice, and Pork/Cabbage Pan Fried Potstickers
Smoked chicken wing
I’m 13 and my parents let me cook our dinner while we celebrated the new president. I made steak basted in butter, garlic and rosemary. The potatoes were boiled, then smashed on a baking tray and seasoned. I made bearnaise but i had no terragon so thats sad :))
Double cheeseburger white American cheese
Black truffle and brown butter Cacio e Pepe
Spanakopitas
elk stroganoff. Doesn’t look like much but tasted amazing.
Roti shells
White cake layered with fresh whipped cream and berries
vegan Twix bars with toasted coconut
Annual New Year Sushi Dinner!
Ham and spinach omelette with potatoes.
roulades of fiber sole with lemon burre blanc.
Smoked corned beef
Butterscotch zucchini bread!
Moroccan Mint Tea
Cheesy onion soup
Perfect Lavender Ganache Macaron
Salmon fried rice
Sweet sticky Chineses chilli chicken
Cookie Nuggets
Beef Wellington made with my sister
Unplanned happy face found in my noodles.
Wagyu brisket, blue cheese bbq sauce, coleslaw, cheddar quesadilla
vanilla cake, cheesecake, fresh strawberry filling, cream cheese frosting and strawberry sauce
Chicken and fried eggplant sandwich with fresh mozzarella, bitter greens, and dill sauce on a Kaiser bun
Ham and swiss grilled cheese
Dark Chocolate Mousse Cake with Chocolate Ganache
a delicious German dinner
Lebanese Lentil Soup
: Tatar national pie - Zur belish.
Loaf of bread
Lemon-Basil Tart with Italian Meringue
Cottage (Shepherd's) Pie!
snickerdoodle cookies
My family and I made tamales for my birthday!!
5 different dishes inspired by 5 different countries.
King crab garlic broccoli macaroni with a Corona
The best coping mechanism for Daylight Savings adjustment - blueberry pancakes.
Can anyone explain why my sprite soda formed straight lies at the bottom. I poured the drink and the bubbles slowly started forming together. I’ve never seen this ever in my life.
scotch fillet over creamy mash with spinach and chimichurri
Teriyaki Moose steak with sautéed onions and roasted garlic. Toasted pesto bagel on the side.
chicken n sausage gumbo
2 Inch Thick Ribeye Tonight. I'm not sure, but I think I cooked it a bit to long.
Fruited Cornish Game Hens
Shakshouka
fried egg on toast and a fruit parfait
Crispy Tofu Thai Green Curry with red bell pepper, mushrooms, white onion, bamboo shoots, and water chestnuts
How to make CountrySide sour soup | Countryside Vegetable Sour Soup
my favorite breakfast
Dark Chocolate Layer Cake.
Chicken Bacon Ranch sandwich with Swiss and White Cheddar cheeses on garlic buttered herb and cheese Focaccia bread.
Jeera (cumin) rice, chicken with tomato and capsicums, mixed dhal (lentils) n vegetables, Karahi lamb, sourdough
Saturday’s breakfast
Lamb cutlets on a bed of Mediterranean vegetables, topped with a rosemary, mint, garlic &amp; olive oil dressing
Chicken Sandwich
Bacon/spinach Quiche
Salmon and Cream Cheese Bagel
Boeuf Bourguignon
Mixed squash bisque and some homemade bread.
the Tavern Burger from Violet's SF on Clement St.
Turkey pot pie!
I Made Spicy Chipotle &amp; Tomato Marinated Chicken Tacos😘
GHÊ RỢN với Nguyên Liệu của món Súp Bí Ngô - Thánh Nấu Ăn ASMR Crazy Sto...
Home made pepperoni and bell pepper pizza.
A delicious Poké Bowl
October clings to summer...
Monster Book Of Monsters
Hearty Russian Solyanka Soup
Hand Laminated Pain Au Chocolat.
.Easy Chicken Chow Mein Restaurant Style | Easy Chicken Chow Mein Cooking Homemade
- Pan-roasted duck with fondant potatoes, onions, apples and raspberry coulis
Mango Ice Cream
duck prosciutto and duck egg carbonara with grated duck egg yolk.
Chicken, peppers, peas, all in a cream cheese based sauce
Mince Pies going in the oven!
Our meat selection this year! Turkey and pork.
UAE authorities continue search for vandals that burned tree in viral video - Gulf News
Moisty lemon cake
Chicken Shawarma on the tower.
Shrimp and grits
My Life is complete
a reuben sandwich
Udon noodles with leftover vegetables and soy sauce
New Year’s Eve appetizers!
Fried Potatoes with Eggs, Cheese and Salsa
Cheddar bagel, avo smash, fried egg, chili flake, pepper, and flaky salt
char sue chicken
Meatloaf for dinner last which inspired this morning's breakfast.
Sausage and pepperoni pizza
Wild Rice and Chicken Soup
Sandwich Bread w/ sesame seeds
Chicken and Potato Medley in a Dijon Cream Sauce
@ Peck's Seafood in Slidell, LA - Seafood Platter, Fried Shrimp Po-Boy &amp; Boiled Shrimp
”” #pumpkin bread #pumpkin muffins #halloween
Chicken Parmesan🍝
General Discussion - December 2020 Edition
Shoyu Ramen!
Crispy Chicken Stew - tastes SO good and can be made gluten-free.
beer and bacon braised collard greens
Cheesy Ham&amp;Jalapeno Strata
Pad Thai - so much cheaper than takeout!
Frog Cake
a Totoro mousse cake (black sesame mousse outside/matcha mousse inside)
air fryer samosas with savory sweet potato filling, served with apple butter chutney (which tastes like imli chutney).
DIY - Como Fazer PIZZA Com Bolas Magnéticas | Cozinhando ASMR e Vídeo En...
Beef tail with mustard and honey
Chicken Biryani, very delicious
Country ribs
Spinach &amp; Ricotta tortellini in a tomato reduction
Stevia chocolate bar with syrup drizzle &amp; nuts
Tumeric Toast with smashed avocado and eggs and bacon
Salted-Caramel Toffee
Packet ramen noodles with fried pork belly green onions and a boiled egg - Supercharged ramen noodles
Miso Ramen with Saboro Beef, Mushrooms, and Bok Choy
Biden breakfast bagel
Spicy shrimp tempura roll, and black dragon roll
Cold Soba Noodles with Tofu
banana for my lunch and dinner
mini cherry pie
seafood &amp; lobster paella!
Sweet potato, avocado and some courgette new aubergine thing 😂
Dates Walnut Cake
Welsh Rarebit is the new go to drunk food.
BBQ pulled chicken sandwich with pickles
Miso-Glazed Salmon😋
Open Butter Masala Dosa - From Bangalore, India (Google the same for more info)
FUNNIEST MOMENTS IN AMONG US CUP SONG GIRL COMPLETE (Funny Moments, Zomb...
4 Cheese baked macaroni and Cheese.
Spaghetti all'assassina.
Smoked Candied Pork Belly Bites still smoking with 1 hour to go and Smoked Candied Bacon.
Burger I made a while ago. Wrapped it up in alufoil to get the more of the bacon flavor.
sausage &amp; fennel pizza
Jambalaya
Herb-Crusted Halibut Over Garlic Parsnip Puree With Sauteed Cherry Tomatoes and Balsamic Reduction
Raspberry Cheesecake basking in the sun
Vegan chili with sweet potatoes
My lunch today. Cauliflower, pomegranate and pistachios.
hashbrown, mushroom and cheese omelette.
Lemon Pickle.
cornbread
Breakfast Sandwiches
Chicken Satay
burger with oozing egg
Bacon wrapped brussel sprouts in soy sause
Bun bo hue at Saigon Deli, Tampa FL.
Does your smoked Brisket turn out dry? Try cooking it like this! Check o...
Indoor Dining Will Reopen in New York City at 25% Capacity - The New York Times
Kimchimandu
Mongolian style Chicken &amp; Shrimp Stir Fry Noodles w/ Sichuan sauce. yellow onion, carrots, green onion scallions, broccoli mushrooms, &amp; cilantro.
Fried meatloaf on macaroni and cheese
M&amp;M Cookies!
Seasoned and garlic butter tossed snowcrab, boild shrimps, corn and potatoes.
smoked fajitas
Butternut squash soup with bacon and crème fraîche.
“” Two Ingredient Gnocchi!
Squid BBQ
Hasselback Chicken
gluten free air-fryer canolis
zucchini and onion pizza with dough fermented for 5 days
Pop Tarts with Cinnamon Brown Sugar and Raspberry Amaretto Filling.
“Severed hand” cherry pies, and “spooky spiderweb” spicy avocado deviled eggs
Breakfast Burgers!
Guylian Seashell Chocolate Cheesecake
buffalo and barbecue wings
42 FOODS YOU NEED TO EAT IN YOUR LIFE TIME😋
Primera vez making sushi
Japanese Curry w/ Katsu Chicken
Croissant-dough waffles with chocolate ganache, cajeta, and fresh berries.
Cereal Butter
Baby back ribs
Cinna-Buns
Caramelized pork over rice with a fried egg.
Assorted Tempura
Crab &amp; avocado “duet” with French bread crostini
Fidueá de Gandia, a variety of Paella with small noodles (fideos) and seafood
“That’s what a hamburger’s all about”
pancake, what do you think, reddit?
Soup called Grünkohl
Chicken Cutlet | Mozzarella | Roasted Pepper | Red Onion | Lettuce | Tomato | Mayo
Chocolate filled banana muffins
round loaf with feta
Flower Basket Cake Design in Whipping Cream By Flavorist
Levain Style cookies
Five Guys all the way minus tomato is the recipe
Cheddar cheese and Bacon Melt
Homemade Cream egg cheesecake
: Rigatoni alla Vodka with a Chicken Cutlet
My famous bowl
Braided Cinnamon Buns
Cheesy garlicky mushrooms with fried rosemary potatoes
carnitas, pickled onion, and pico tacos
Mushroom, Scarmoza Polenta
dark chocolate oatmeal bars
buttered hot cross buns toasted in a waffle iron
curry pork tonkatsu udon with sliced kamaboko
Duck breast in honey soy, duck fat Brussels sprout, mash and gravy
Fried Calamari with Olive oil, crushed garlic, hot pepper rings, lemon juice, herbs, remoulade sauce
Glamorgan Sausages with Red Onion and Chilli Chutney and Tenderstem Broccoli
Crepes with whipped cream and drizzle of caramel 🍮
Cold Noodles with Rich Taste
Chicago mayor orders teachers to be in the classroom starting Monday - CBS News
i made rose shaped meat with chicken strips and BBQ sauce
Duck confit with crispy duck fat potatoes and braised cabbage
mushroom risotto with seared scallops
Bourbon Butter Pecan Milkshake @MorgansBrooklynBBQ (Credit: @Chicharronasaurus)
Butter Chicken Curry
Quinoa and Baked Tilapia
Jalapeño &amp; cheddar sourdough
Garlic Rosemary Shrimp, White Rice and, Roasted Mixed Veggies..
Seafood Scampi with Clams, Shrimp and Scallops
Bread Rasgulla
Cream Puffs
Smash burger with old white cheddar, tomato jam, bacon, and onion straws with a side of the biggest onion rings I’ve ever seen.
Lamb Chops w/ Garlic, Rosemary, Red Pepper Flake &amp; Lemon Pan Sauce
Winter fruit salad, oatmeal and mango ginger tea
spaghetti with arugula, garlic, and lemon
Locally sourced Potato hash, with my own homegrown avocado, and locally sourced eggs.
Roasted Lamb, potatoes, carrots and lamb gravy!
A BLT
Thai Spicy Peanut Rice Noodles
Prime Fillet
Kentucky Manhattan
Gambas with toasted bread to soak up the sauce.
Japanese marinated egg
Basil Chicken with Cauliflowers
I felt guilty eating it lol
pasta salad!
multi-coloured roasted carrots
Bacon-wrapped meatloaf and mashed potatoes w/ giblet gravy
Simple nights.
a tuna melt
Bison sliders with caramelized onions, gruyere cheese, and an in-n-out style sauce
strawberry cake
Pan Seared atop Sirloin steak
Lobster Spaghetti
Lamb chops and tzatziki with lemon rice and sauteed tomatoes
Stuffed Everything Bagel Buns
The annual four legged turkey
She needs to know this is unacceptable. go get her.
avocado toast for the holidays!!
Shrimps
laksa with shrimp, tofu puffs, fried tofu, and fish balls,
Buttermilk Pancakes, Eggs &amp; Bacon For Breakfast
Squid Ink Spaghetti with Seafood
Breakfast burrito form my favorite college place..Super Cucas at UCSB
Roasted Almond, Salted Carmel Cranberry Tart
Spicy salmon pokebowl
Strawberry &amp; peach pie
Beef Wellington
Spaghetti alle vongole
Bacon Wrapped Chicken w/ Chive &amp; Onion Cream Cheese (sides: steamed broccoli &amp; baked potato)
Hot Pepper Pickled Eggs
Tandoori Cod
cookies and cream cake
Myanmar-style Coconut Noodles (Ohn No Khauk Swe)
Cinnamon rolls before they’re baked
Strawberry cake.
spring graze box
Maple cream cheese cinnamon roll
pico de Gallo.
Pasta salad with parsley and garlic dressing. Topped with halved cherry tomatoes.
Marinated flank steak topped with blue cheese sauce, roasted potatoes, and spring greens.
coconut &amp; milk chocolate peanut butter bars
Black sesame mochi donuts filled with Thai tea cream
Beer Brats
Synapse XT 2020 for tinnitus treatment ""
Deviled pork chops with scalloped potatoes.
Amidst the second lockdown, had to get creative with our family food. Braised lamb, wild styles jasmine rice, makeshift demi and honey biscuit
Dynho
Cheese Fondue
Herbes de Provence Bagel and Cream Cheese
Shio ramen with chashu and ajitama
Scientists develop a model to track viral load in COVID-19 patients - News-Medical.Net
smoked chicken with sauteed greens and mac and cheese
Hot dog, with baked mac and cheese
Shrimp and Pork Mofongo
Detroit-style with extra cheese pepperoni and basil
Garlic Noodles
porkchops with soy sauce and curry.
dutch baby w/ apple pie filling
Bread buns recipe with milk , really soft and fluffy
Easy Milk Chocolate with 4 Ingredients
Chicken Chili
Quesadilla
Cheesy sausages with tomato and mushroom
Cheeseball.
Skull Cakes Stuffed with Candy
Pepperoni pizza mac and cheese in cast iron
slow cooked beef rendang
Korean Corn Dogs
Pink frosted donuts w/ sprinkles
nasi tumpeng
KAISEKI lunch.
S’mores skillet and my buddy Dexter
Liệu Có Thể?? HỒI SINH Chú Chó bằng THỊT DƠI - Thánh Nấu Ăn ASMR Stop Mo...
crêpes filled with blueberries &amp; apple cinnamon. +Chocolate/caramel drizzle
watermelon growing in October!
Orange Roughy, fried rice cakes, shrimp buerre rouge, and spaghetti squash
Super creamy&amp;cinnamony SPECULOS TIRAMISU.
Beef wellington, duchess potatoes, lemony Asparagus
1/2 lb’er cheeseburger with onions and lettuce.
pickles
Steak and corn on the cob
Steak with chanterelle mushrooms and creamy pasta
Braised short rib over polenta with gravy from the braise...and roasted baby carrots
Kawaj
Ikea meatballs, mashed potatoes, and gravy.
caramel cinnamon rolls
https://cutt.ly/FjHzR24
Char-Grilled King Crab with Marinade Portobello, along with grilled Anaheim peppers, and Grilled Corn.Windows 10X booted on the Lumia 950XL shows Microsoft’s OS scales well on mobile - XDA Developers
Sweet &amp; spicy bacon jerky
Double Chocolate Cake Balls
braised pork loin and vegetables with polenta
I’m 13 and i made a mushroom pasta. Does anyone have any tips on cooking?
funfetti cake
Ginger Chicken.
italian pizza
Christmas Eve Surf n' Turf
Would you like a gooseberry and cinnamon yoghurt?
Indian style crispy confit potatoes, smoked and fermented chili aioli, garlic chives.
Paninis with shredded chicken chutney and blue cheese.
Tomato tartare and paprika/cognac shrimps (with salad)
Dry aged Rib Eye
Startfruit Dragon... wild caught
ham mushrooms pizza
korean barbeque half marinated pork belly with rice cakes
My sis birthday was a week ago don’t remember when but this is the cake it was made by a chef because I’m forced to say this or I can’t post this
Croque-monsieur on steroids - Francesinha
Futomaki: yamogobo, spinach, tamagoyaki, shiitake, cucumber, carrot, avocado, and fried bean curd
Okonomiyaki (Japanese pancake)
Half French Toast/Half Chicken and Waffles Pizza
Shredded beef ragu over handmade pappardelle
sashimi lettuce wraps
I made Wursthall's bratwurst. Thanks for the YouTube demo Kenji and Erik!! Now I have appetizers on deck for the foreseeable future.
Pulled Pork Sandwich with Apple, Slaw, Pickles and a side of smoked wings
Mostaccioli with Slow-cooked Beef Bolognese &amp; Spinach Ricotta Dollops
Crab Risotto
Sweet potato, avocado, and some courgette, aubergine thing
some donuts that my roommate got for the NYE celebration!
Honey buns!
Double-Fried Confit Lemon Pepper Wings
meat pies for a middle earth vibe dinner
Breakfast Sandwich (Bacon, Eggs, Cheese, Potatoes, Tomato, Spinach, Mayo, and Valentina's Hot Sauce)
Cauliflower Gratin, Northern Thyme and Cheddar Cornbread, and Karaage.
Red pasta
cider brined fried turkey
Fig Galettes with Goat Cheese and Caramelized Shallots
pear caviar
Plant-Based Cold Soba Noodle Salad
Authentic Miami Cuban Food
Ahi tuna with garlic rice
5 Hour smoked chuck roast
seared scallops with cheesy spinach over jasmine rice.
Lemon Lavender Shortbread Cookies that are Infused with ~11mg Tikun Eran Almog Distillate
2" inch center cut pork chop, loaded baked potato
meadKALE SALAD WITH CRANBERRIES &amp; ALMONDS
Finally made awesome fried rice!
Rigatoni Bolognese
Tomato Risotto with shrimps
Made a meatloaf for Halloween
a Bbq brisket baked potato
spicy chicken sandwich
Classic Latkes
a bacon cheese burger
Carnitas Bowl
My friend made these strawberry macrons hype him up
Pizza
Christmas Biscuits
Loaded tater tots
this bomb ass upgraded ramen last night
Texas power outages continue following winter storm devastation - CBS News
biscuits and gravy with hash browns with onion, garlic, and jalapeño and finally two fried eggs.
Using the odds and ends of the loaf for  Cinnamon French Toast
apple pie pastries featuring my jacked up sheet pan
2kg of Lobster
My electoral college map made of sugar cookies. Happy 2020 election!
Sticky Buns
brownies with Bailey’s frosting
Grilled garlic chicken wings
Garlic Butter Basted Steak with Creamy Cajun Pasta
Cinnamon Buns with Marscapone icing
Summer rolls
Caramel Coldbrew Chocolate Chip Cookies
Raspberry and White Chocolate Pancakes with Raspberry Sauce, Passion Fruit, White Chocolate Whipped Cream and Caramel
Amish Friendship bread
Brookies!
Fish &amp; chips
Roasted pork belly with crackling and all the trimmings
Swedish meatballs, buttered peas, egg noodles, sour cream mushroom gravy.
king crab pho
Panang Curry with shrimp
Muffulettas with ham, pepperoni, dry aged salami, and prosciutto and of course olive salad on a fresh baked muffuletta bun. Topped with our Italian and smoked red Savina hot sauces.
Laksa
Chiles en Nogada 🇲🇽
(HOMEMADE) Cream puffs with crème diplomat and whipped cream
Tribal Style Cooking a On Rock | Primitive Survival: Cooking Meat on a Rock / Grilled Chicken Stone
Seared mahi, basil pesto risotto, and lemon roasted broccoli.
Korean fried chicken and gua bao for Lunar New Year!
Insurers add food to coverage menu as way to improve health - WOKV
The Baja Taco Fresh Fish Special @Tropical Taco in Hanalei, HI
Jewish Apple cake in the works.
Veg Manchurian
sugar cookie fruit tartlet
Ricotta Gnocchi with tomato basil sauce and meatballs
Garlic Bread
Smoked salmon eaten with store bought bagel, cream cheese and salmon
Pastrami &amp; Dijon Calzone
How to make hummus and store in freezer for 7 days | Recipe for humus with tahini | Creamy and healthy  hummus
Cranberry and clementine polenta cake.
Tuna Pizza
Forget AirPods Pro 2: Sennheiser is making custom 3D printed earbuds affordable - Tom's Guide
Grilled ham &amp; mac n cheese sandwich
Stuffed peppers &amp; potatoes
Char-Grilled Oysters
Smoked herb crusted pork sirloin
chocolate chip muffins
beef and broccoli. Recipe from ‘Asian at home’ on YouTube.
Chorizo with red lentils and kale soup
Butter basted banana bread
Croquetas de mejillón
Chicken and Tofu Pad Thai with Veggies
Hokkaido Milk Bread Rolls
salmon + tuna poke
Vanilla macarons with lemon curd filling.
Chocolate Chip Pumpkin Bread
The Champaran Kitchen Delhi Best and authentic Bihari village food ""
Energy Weekend
waffle corn dogs with curry ketchup and mustard.
Chocolate ganache cupcakes filled with buttercream
Baked Potato and Dry rub grilled chicken
Vanilla cake filled with pineapple curd and Italian meringue buttercream. The outside is toasted meringue with dark chocolate leaves.
Fruit tarts
Bacon Wrapped Jalapeno Poppers
Pan Negro Alemán
Mushroom Penne with Foie Gras
Abura Soba soup-less ramen
some delish fried pickles I whipped up today.
Tried my hand at a pumpkin roll this year
Baked Embutido with Cranberry Balsamic Sauce and Spinach and Orange Salad
handmade pasta with sausage ragu and pecorino cheese!feel free to check the recipe in my youtube chanel: jack's fiesta
These scarily delicious treats will do the trick!
Mango-lemon gummies
Shrimp Po’ Boy
Swedish Cinnamon Buns
What is the proper name for this so I cam buy a new one it’s like a strainer plate thing
baked mini shredded chicken tacos with avocado ranch
Smoked salmon and Lake Superior whitefish
Korean Chicken Bao Burger
Salmon and asparagus with some fresh lemon and avocado.
After hours of effort... Well f* you too baguette
Fried oyster sandwich
Macaroni Cheese
Sicilian pizza &amp; beer
Pan Seared Scallop with Lemon Butter Risotto
Evening meal
Bulgogi &amp; Garlic Butter Fried Rice
Banana cake with lemon frosty
Oatmeal Raisin Cookies
Avocado toast (are we still doing that around here?)
Rum Cake
rice bowl with pork ribs and chicken feet
Twix Cups
Korean Fried Chicken
Risotto with saffron
Tomato Soup
Chicken Burger with fries
Reverse seared NY strip steaks with roasted asparagus and twice baked potatoes!
all of the double double animal style w/ xtra pickles and raw onion
Classic Nachos
tamales
Fettuccine with lobster and saffron cream sauce
Duck fat fries
Mexican style chorizo with eggs and a side of pinto beans
Cheesecake Stuffed Mini Pumpkin Pies with Candied Pecans
Giving chipotle a run for it’s money 3 kinds of meat cheese peppers spicy rise and everything nice follow me on Instagram foodjunkys
hotsauce / Grilling some peppers to ferment into hot sauce
Perfect omelet
Pro chef Chicken Chow Mein Restaurant Style pro/chef | Easy Chicken Chow Mein Cooking At "" i ate
Chicken Adobo, with Rice, Achara, Fish sauce with crushed red peppers and lemon juice.
spinach, tortellini, and chicken soup
Shepherd’s pie
Homemade Sujuk
I made chả giờ (Vietnamese spring rolls)
Hainan chicken and rice with ginger scallion oil
Rainbow biscuits!
Croissant
beef Wellington.
Basturma Jalapeño poppers
I made apple fritters! (Doughnut style)
Cheese Corn Cake with salsa or hot souce
Toasted homemade brioche bun, paprika and garlic salted ground beef patty and gouda melted cheese burger.
Kerala style chicken curry, Nool Appams, sauteed mushrooms and left over pizza.
Chicago Style Thin Crust made in Chicago with that amazing Lake Michigan water.
Salt baked whole trout with braised leeks and gerber butter.
the soul trapped at the bottom of my salad bowl
meal prep hamburger stew
Breakfast! Egg, cranberry beans, mushroom, onion, garlic, cheddar, and vegetarian sausage.
Corn Chowder
One man band Christmas dinner
ten al pastor tacos. TEN
Everyone Is Losing It Over This TikTok Cake Cutting Hack
Popeyes Chicken Sandwich!
Ham, bacon and banana peppers pizza
Just a brownie
- Handmade spinach pasta
Banana nut muffins
Salted Caramel Pecan Turtles
Top Tier Chef Makes Gourmet Cheeseburger
Merry Christmas Eve! I made some festive muffins for breakfast today
apple bread!
dominican style fried fish with fried sweet potato
Wings, Fries, and Pizza Roll. When the kids are gone the grownups eat junk!
Italian herb chicken quesadillas with pesto sour cream
Peanut butter blossoms
Smoked Mahi Mahi Dip with Accoutrements
Beef Short rib
Grilled Chicken Tikka Sandwich
Carrie-inspired cake made from dark chocolate cake filled with chocolate ganache with buttercream frosting.
Southwest Egg Rolls
Calamari with chilli and coriander.
Crab Curry with white steamed rice !
Pâté en croûte, pork and green pepper.
Surimi fried rice topped with tobiko.
/prepared at home: Killapatrick Oysters; Mortonbay, Banana Prawns and White scollops. All fresh straight from the boat.
Chocolate Truffle Donut
rose shaped meat with chicken strips, red bell peppers, carrots, and BBQ sauce
Vanilla Cake w/ Navy Blue Buttercream and White Chocolate Drip
Unagi garlic fried rice
American pancakes (no toppings added yet)
Mongolian beef and broccoli
Hot Dog and Cheese Bread.
maple french toast cupcakes with candied bacon
Blood orange macarons.
Butter chicken rice bowl
Beef birria taco with cotija cheese, onion, cilantro, lime juice, and consomé to dip
Spicy Lamb Skewers
Reese’s Cheesecake Brownies
Rainbow veggie pizza
Air Fryed Taquitos
Spicy chicken nuggets w sweet and sour chile crisp dipping sauce
Double cheese burger.
Short Ribs Slow-Roasted in Coconut Milk
A Full Irish Breakfast
Nutella Cookies
Craquelin Choux with strawberry whipped cream filling.
Chocolate chip cookies and milk
blistery shiny wholewheat sourdough
Songpyeon (송편)
Steak Stir Fry made from fresh ingredients.
Japanese cheesecake
Mixed Grill with Marinated Shrimp and Tofu Skewers, Peppers, Onions, and Baby Bok Choy
Turkey Breakfast Enchilada Bake
Breakfast 🥑
Gua Bao
Hot &amp; Sour Soup
Lebanese Style flatbread with salsa &amp; gem lettuce salad
thai curry chicken. My kitchen smells so good.
White sauce pasta.
Steakhouse cheeseburgers on homemade brioche buns, with dirty fries, onion rings, and chicken.
Lotus cheesecake
42 day dry aged ribeye, mashed potatoes, sautéed asparagus, and caramelized mushroom and onion.
school salad 🥗😋😊🤤
T-Bone
American Student Ramen
jalapeño blueberry bbq sauce, Brie and bacon burgers!
flour tortillas!
Beef Wellington with crape layer
heaven in a box
Flank Steak Tacos
Mini chocolate chunk scones
quiche: chicken, asparagus, red bell pepper, fresh Wisconsin cheese curds and mozzarella in self-made pie crust
Making my debut on TikTok!  barbacoa tacos with slaw :)
I just celebrated 2 years of sobriety and my dad’s coworker gave me a  cookie that looks like the two year coin!!!
Jackfruit Tacos with Rice and Refried Beans
crawfish boil
Pozole very rojo
2 Types of Healthy Creamy Soup
I know it’s nothing super special, but garlic bread in homemade sourdough is the best thing known to man.
Cauliflower Tacos And Margaritas
Rib-Eye Steak + Leek, Potatoes and Heavy Cream Baked with Croutons and Gruyere Cheese
Grilled pork and garlic eggplant over rice with elote and pear, green apple, &amp; fennel salad
Cinnamon sugar filled croffles (croissant waffles)
Sunday dinner Lasagna, Meatballs, Italian Sausage
Traditional Sojne Phooler Posto | Drumstick Flower Posto
Potato stuffed Naan bread
Full English
Peanut Butter Chocolate Chip and Birthday Cake Cookies
rib steak, mashed potatoes, green beans, mushroom gravy
Mini penne with vodka sauce
Chicken Puttanesca over rice
and hand rolled bread
Chicken tortilla soup with fresh bone broth, onion, green pepper, garlic, green chiles, tomatoes, jalapenos, kidney beans and rotisserie chicken. Garnished with fresh line juice, cotija cheese and tortilla strips
Pre ratatouille bake
B&amp;C
How to prepare bra? #bradesign #designerblouse #Homemadebra| Bra cutting and stitching in Hindi |
cubanos for christmas!
Pork neck steaks with butter garlic and thyme.
Scallop Spaghetti Aglio e Olio
Getting closer to being absolutely satisfied with my Pep pizza!
Bergers-Style Cookies
EU food agency says these worms are safe to eat - Chicago Sun-Times
Hazelnut praline Succès
Steak night. The package said roast but I wanted to grill.
super-large pancake 🥞
Tuna tataki and cucumber poke bowl over rice topped with kombu tsukudani.
Sushi
"Truffed Off" Burger with Fries
""TABBOULEH – טבולה
Kenji's Ricotta Gnocchi
Charcuterie board!
Chocolate Hazelnut Beignets
Power Outage Cooking: Grilled Cheese on Homemade Rosemary Focaccia
Steamed Ham (with cheese)
chirashi
Cheesecake-swirled chocolate fudge brownies
Hot Chicken in Nashville.
Quattro Formaggi Pizza
neapolitan style pizza
Cast Iron Salmon and Orzo
Italian Sausage, Tortellini, and Spinach Soup.
Gnocchi, pan-fried in sage butter with crispy pumpkin pieces
Miso-Glazed Salmon
Tom Kha Soup.
Apple &amp; Turkey Bacon Grilled Cheese
its some brownies :3
seafood spaghetti with mussels and shrimp
Mediterranean Chicken Stew
buffalo bleu burger. LTO
Apple rose tart with caramel, lemon curd, and fresh almond whipped cream
seared chicken breast and roasted vegetables
Penne a la vodka with sweet Italian sausage and garlic bread
Kabobs, potato wedges and stuffed jalapeños.
Taiwanese beef noodle aoup
Quarantine birthday dinner. Pan seared scallops in lemon garlic butter and sauteed spinach.
Cheesecake Brownie - Recipe by Preppy Kitchen -
I made burgers today and I’m satisfied and in pain
Sicilian cake with olive oil
'Where is the revamp?': Gambhir illustrates why it was the ‘best auction' that CSK have had till now - Hindustan Times
Stupid Easy Pan Pizza
Beef Wellington with asparagus and scalloped potatoes.
Sandwich
Butternut squash flatbread
Calzone
Asian fusion dinner: Basil, mushroom, sweet and hot pepper chicken; Jasmin saffron rice; shishito peppers with onion flakes; Thai iced tea; and raspberry mint margarita.
Boxing Day Prime Rib
Beef Wellington First Attempt
chimmichangs, with avacodo and crema
Carbonara (yes I know, but I thought it turned out well)
Salt Bae steak
smoked short ribs, done.
Homemade ducks in a barrel cake for my son’s 2nd birthday.
Choripan Argentino
There’s a baked pork chimichanga under all that delicious homemade salsa. Cilantro lime rice, too! Scrumptious!
baked tilapia with green beans and quinoa
BBQ Meatball Lettuce Wraps
Chocolate chip cookies for Santa :-)
Cooking Music mix | Songs To Cook to | Food Music
Sous vide chuck roast, the poor man's prime rib!
Custom Keto Diet Video
Plating with a carving fork just makes things look better.  Spaghetti with Kale and Tomatoes
This Awesome  Root Beer Float My Moms Friend Made Me
Ham, Spianata Romana &amp; Milano Salami with cucumber, tomato &amp; pickles with cheese and honey mustard sauce
veggie pasta with ingredients on hand, came out great!
Sloppy joe on a home baked bun; Beet and feta salad with shallots, cilantro, and dressed with Prosecco vinegar
spicy peanut butter Thai noodles with chicken
Quesadilla sriracha Xmas tree
20 hour smoked pork butt, used for nachos!
Italian duck egg pici with Arabic influenced spicy lamb sauce
Poori Masala
pork tenderloin with garlic thyme basil sage compund butter
Peperonata, Lemon Oregano Chicken and Fried Shallot Pilaf
Open faced bacon, red onion, avo, tomato sandwich, rice paper bacon and a side of soft scrambled eggs. (not pictured: ube mochi pancakes)
French Orange Tart
Seared Salmon
gingerbread waffles
I spent 20 minutes making this delicious roast beef sandwich for lunch
Enter some basic information and answer survey questions to continue towards your "$100 Burger King Gift Card"
Surf and Turf
Jalapeño Popper Pizza
Taylor Ham, Egg &amp; Cheese w/ salt/pepper/ketchup/hot sauce on a Portuguese roll.
Blueberry Pancakes
Boston Butt for pulled pork
Chocolate Spider Web Sheet Cake
Sichuan Mapo Tofu
8-Hour Smoked Strip Loin
Black bean soup with chipotle cilantro crema and masa dumplings (Recipe adapted from "Cool Beans"
hash browns, egg, and cheddar on an English muffin.
Simple chicken and veggies all cooked in a cast iron. Spatchcock the chicken, coat the veggies in some olive oil and seasoning. Compound butter mixed of parsley and garlic to cover the chicken. Set in the oven at 375F and cook until the breast temp is 165F.
Egg custard tarts
Chocolate v2
Lawrys inspired Christmas dinner
Another, more intimate photo of my Orange Chicken.
chili with sweet potatoes
Salmon Lox Sriracha Deviled Eggs!
Valentines Smashburgers for Lunch
Smoked Turkey Croquetas and a Flatbread White Pizza w/ Chorizo, Onion, Red Bell Pepper, and Arugula
That is some good  Thai Curry😋
here’s to hopefully more breakfasts in the skillet this year
Sponge cake with apples, apple sauce and cinnamon
“Garlic bread”
Lox and Assorted cheese board!
Orchard Apple Cheesecake with Salter Caramel Sauce
smoked chicken burritos and homemade guac.
Lamb and spinach Souvlaki
holiday charcuterie board (:
- Blueberry &amp; Peach Cobbler
Roasted fruit &amp; veg
Burns night stew and dumplings
self-made gnocchi with fermented black garlic butter
Sous Vide Filet Mignon • Grilled Artichoke • Summer Salad w/ Homegrown Tomatoes, Red Onion, Basil &amp; Mozzarella
snails
New  Sourdough class added! Our Farm is hosting our classes online! Register today for Beginner Beekeeping; Mushroom Growing; Kombucha; Seed Starting/Early Crops; Fermented Foods; No-Till Gardening; Fruit Trees &amp; Berries; and Backyard Chickens! February and March Classes are open
LEGO FOOD: Làm Kẹo Que SIÊU ĐẶC BIỆT cùng Thánh Nấu Ăn - ASMR Stop Motio...
Italian Sausage, Peppers, Onions and Roasted Potatoes
Sweet &amp; Spicy Baked Wings
Loaded potato soup with sourdough grilled cheese. The ultimate comfort food for chilly weather.
Classic Indian festival offering to god.
Pot roast
heirloom tomatoes, basil, and fresh mozzarella toast with a balsamic reduction
rouladen, green beans, potato salad, carrots
Rustic Tacos
Dragon cupcakes, funfetti flavour with vanilla buttercream :)
Potato Wedge Poutine
Dry aged New York strip
Sourdough fettuccine and Wild Mushroom Bordelaise
Deviled eggs
Tagliatelle!
Japanese Milk Bread
I Made My First Time Cinnamon Rolls
teriyaki chicken
Magic Chocolate Custard Cake
Juicy steamed kimchi / pork dumpling
Chocolate Pie!
honey soy drumsticks 😳😳
ribs and wings
Easy cheese garlic bread
Bulgolgi Bao Buns
avocado and egg toast
twice baked potato
Noodles with Stir-Fried Pork Belly in Soybean Sauce
turbot, fingerling potatoes, charred red pearl onions, celtics, sevruga caviar, fines herbs and sea urchin beurre blanc.
garlic soy sous vide pork chop with carrots and mashed potatoes.
pappardelle with braised beef in tomato sauce
Donuts with Chocolate
How to make New York birria tacos (Aka tiktok tacos) with bad accents
Chicken breast recipe, easy and crunchy
Jackfruit with freshly grated coconut
Red velvet cake!
Seared, baked pork chop in udon soy soup
Pizza Bianca
Win 100$ Macdonald's gift card for free for more details click on link
Cheesecake Extravaganza
Sweet n sour pork, rice, fried fish with curry spices n leaves, salad with spicy sardine dressing
Like
Stewed borlotti beans, yellow peppers, onions, carrots, with cherry tomatoes, red grapes, juniper, cloves, chilli and honeydew. Sweet, spicy and heartwarming.
Today I made Rosemary Garlic Butter Salmon, with Asparagus and Fingerling Potatoes.
Mushroom Toast w/bratwurst
strawberry pancakes w bacon, berries + salted caramel icecream
Caprese Baguette 🥖 Easy “”
Macaron
Steelcut oats, banana, peanut, coconut, macha, cocoa powder and honey
pancakes 😋
Shrimp and grits  Turmeric rice with mixed style😆
Chocolate Orange Sweet Buns with a Clementine and Semi-Sweet Chocolate Filling.
Covid: With alarming surge, Brazil pips India to again become second worst-hit nation - Times of India
Rock Cornish with carrots
Cast iron pizza
Vietnamese Fish cake
Red Pepper &amp; Carrot Soup
Christmas Cookies from my mother
Brownie in a waffle iron
Turchetta, Stuffing, Garlic Mash and Roast Veggies
Paella Valenciana
Chicken breast and asparagus with a sage beurre noisette.
garlic knots fresh out of the oven!
Halloween Cake
Brined and braised beef cheek with red wine and truffle reduction, piped mash, parsnip chips and mushroom cremé.
Beetroot salmon homemade Did I make this Cheese Cake right?
Truffle Eggs and Bacon
Loaded Infused (Chem Dawg Evoo) Nachos: Chorizo, Sweet Bell Peppers, Aged White Cheddar, Onions, Pickled Jalapenos, Fresh Tomatoes, Cilantro, Taco Chips
Cheesy Garlic Bread
Club Sandwich
Milhojas whit Dulce de leche
Artisan bread
Smoked Lard, Smoked Sausages, Lamb Pastrami, Smoked Pork Meat, Sheep Cheese
Last night's Valentine's Day dinner for one &lt;3
Blue Corn Waffles
ahi tartar, crab cake, and bacon!
I made Stimpaks from the fallout cookbook!
Pan seared salmon with garlic, chilli and parsley
Home made chicken and bacon club with home made fries.
Shrimp &amp; Grits Florentine
Hummingbird Carrot Cake
Panque de Nuez
https://ift.tt/2Y4SuID
Oktoberfest pie ; bratwurst, kraut, Jarlsberg and beer.
Swiss Mountain Toblerone Shortbread Cookies
Smoked Cardamom Chicken.
Who needs a kitchen?  er uh.... outside made.
Carrot Ginger Soup with Morel Mushrooms
My thanksgiving dinner
Spaghetti with homemade meatballs
eggs and dill, zaatar with olive oil, preserved aubergines stuffed with walnuts and pepper, goat labneh preserved in olive oil.
Link
Tarte aux quetsches (alsatian plum tart)
Chicken Salad Sandwich on Fresh Baked Bread
lemon blueberry cake w cream cheese frosting!
Potato and leek soup, roasted carrots and radishes, and kale salad
French Toast with Blueberries
Hiroshima Okonomiyaki
Broiled Oysters
VadaPav
Chicken Fried Rice with 4 eggs
mango sorbet with chocolate mousse
Jay Shah takes over as ACC President - The Indian Express
Smoked salmon poutine (with veggies gravy and fresh cheese curds)
Beef noodles
parmesan-crusted steak with garlic mash
Chicken and veggies risotto
Made a persimmon cheesecake tart!
Short Rib and Gravy on a Bed of Mashed Potatoes
How do magician cook with their magical power
sesame chicken
Can  broccoli shake or soup really clear damaged lungs? My friend recently stopped smoking and wants to repair his damaged lungs because he's an athlete. Yeah, I know it sounds weird but he's now serious about his career.
smashing is an actual culinary technique that's been beautifully perfected by the food geniuses at Smash burger. When making the restaurant's burgers, workers smash hand-packed balls of fresh beef onto a piping hot, buttered, pre-seasoned grill, fast cooking the meat
French toast!
over easy egg on apple cinnamon oatmeal
Toasted sandwiches with leftover Chili Beans on top, garnished with cilantro sauce and fresh chilies. Served with a basic greek village salad on the side.
chicken sandwich
Giant roasted pork loin sandwich. Mozzarella, jalapeños, spinach, Mayo with sundries tomato pesto on jalapeño cheddar bread
$108 worth of black pig on Jeju Island in Korea
Spicy/Sweet Air-fried Salmon
Working on my pie game. Pulled pork pizza.
Desi Ghee Moong Dal Halwa
stuffed peppers
salmon with rice, spinach and mushrooms
Braided Chicken Bread
aguachile verde con camarones
Sanagaki and Figs
celebration pizza for Joe Biden
Breakfast Sandwich on a Mini Baguette
chicken adobo
Bacon Egg &amp; Cheese on a Roll
Full English Breakfast Yum
Margarita Ice Cream. Tequila/agave base with a "sour mix" swirl and salt throughout.
Chipotle Turkey Sweet Potato Skins
Millennium Falcon Gingerbread Starship
Smoked Yorkshire Beef Brisket, Aged for 70 days, smoked over Oak for 12 hours until tender.
Kale, avo, broccoli
Beef burger and chips. Beef patty was stuffed with cheese and the buns were toasted with mayo
Knafeh
Australian M9+ Wagyu Rib-eye
Filling, comforting, wholesome, vegan, gluten free and if you invest in a few things each serving is a dollar or two.
Tres Leches Cake w Meringue Frosting
Những cong dụng bất ngờ của Chitosan
boeuf bourguignon
vibe
Great White &amp; Manitoba Heirloom Garden Tomatoes, Both In A Caprese Salad With Garden Genovese Sweet Basil As Well As Sliced With 4 Peppercorn Grind And Himalayan Pink Rock Salt
Instagram Marketing by Food Bloggers – For Restaurants and Cafes Jaipur
Crispy Dry Rub Wings and Shishito Peppers
cake pops for Christmas
Brewers' Nathan Patterson reflects on viral video that got him back into baseball - WTMJ-TV
Fried Chicken Sandwich.
French Fries with Carnitas
Chocolate Hazelnut Bears in Space
Caldo Verde (Vegetarian)
gotta love the simple bacon, egg and cheese bagel breakfast sandwich 😋
Honey and wholegrain mustard roast ham
caramelised apple tart
Apple Puff Pastry Tarts
I call em cheese fingers
SO thinks she’ll get roasted but I think she knocked it out of the park. Took a shot at Beef Wellington.
Cheddar drop biscuits
Spicy Italian sausage.
Partridge, Celeriac, Mushroom, Carrot
German market @ home! Pretzels, spatzle, schnitzel and potato pancakes. 🎄
First COVID-19 vaccine shots in India likely on January 13, says health secretary - Yahoo India News
Compressed Watermelon, Mint, Sichuan Peppercorn
Deep Fried Turkey
shoyu ramen
Avocado Toast and Fruits
Chocolate Fudge Babka
donuts with vanilla creme pat filling
Wok fried soba noodles with purple cabbage, served with soft shell crabs and prawns
Venison meatball subs on sourdough ciabatta
Jalapeño popper grilled cheese with bacon, grilled peños, colby-pepper jack cheese, and scallion cilantro cream cheese.
Chicken Cheese Pan Pizza I Pan Pizza without ovan
Neapolitan pizza with San Marzano tomatoes, Parma ham, arugula and pecorino
Irish Cheddar and Herb Soda Bread
Is MSG bad for you or not?
Chiang Mai Curry Noodle Soup
Arroz Con Pollo
Potato, Green-bean, ground meat thing
round 1 of new 2-zone hotpot with sichuan and mushroom base
Patatas Bravas
Y’all really need to try  coq au vin. I know it sounds pretentious, but it’s really just southern food with wine and mushrooms.
Imitation Ham Sugar Cookies
Late-night, cast iron Japanese-style chicken curry
Cinnamon sugar-filled croffles (croissant waffles) OC Post image
Fried chicken with rice cooked with chicken stock and oven baked vegetables with a very creamy gravy
Street tacos
Baked Cheesecake with caramel sauce
Pizza &amp; salad
Braised octopus with roasted pumpkin and pumpkin purée.
Tawa chicken
Bacon Mac &amp; Cheese with 5 Year Cave Aged cheddar.
Lemon thyme chicken cutlets
Palak-Paneer and Makki (corn) roti
Salad herbs from my garden
BBQ Chicken Flatbread Pizza
Sweet Sushi
breakfast tacos with a bacon weaved “tortilla”
Traditional Goan Christmas lunch influenced heavily by the Portuguese settlers in India.
Spicy maple roasted butternut squash soup.
Viral video: Stray dog relaxing on govt hospital bed in UP's Moradabad - Times of India
Roommate’s celebratory spread of duck, pork belly, shrimp, fish, and more
Smoked Sausage, Red onion and Old Cheddar Omelette with Cheddar Hashbrowns.
sea fruit mix with white sauce
Thanksgiving turkey, potatoes and Mac and Cheese
."Homemade" chef style susheela recipe|puffed rice upma|
Muhamara.
(21 vegetarian f) I have been cooking a lot of meals for myself and my family/friends this year. Here’s a sneak peak: vegan bow tie pasta salad with sautéed vegetables, light Italian dressing, and a balsamic reduction to finish.
i dont know what this is...
Steak and fries
biscuit with a fried chicken thigh, fried egg, and veggie maple sausage gravy
Thai curry with fried tofu over rice
Salsa verde.
Giant Cup Cakes
Waffle-machine-pressed croissant + ice cream
peanut butter apple tart
Pretzels and pretzel twists
Gajar Ka Halwa - Winter delight
Roast chicken thighs
Vivo Y20A With Triple Rear Cameras Goes on Sale in India Today: Price, Specifications - Gadgets 360
Sour Cream &amp; Chive Rolls
Nigiri Sushi Platter
Healthy Eating Tips
creme brûlée
pork and century egg congee with green onions and chili oil
Beef Birria Tacos
36 hour Sous Vide Brisket
Dum aloo
rice pudding w brûléed banana (joshua weissman’s recipe)
Traditional American Breakfast ( Sausage links , bacon , buttered toast , ham , scrambled eggs )
Baked tilapia with lemon, caper, and butter sauce with roasted brussel sprouts and balsamic reduction drizzle
Purple Cabbage Coleslaw
Babka Heart
California Burrito well cooked crispy tortilla and just added extra salsa and pico.
Made some ribs
Pork with baked potatoes and charred paprika
Aloo Tikki Chaat
Turkey
Budae-jjigae
BBQ Sea food
Fluffy baked polenta and sauce
Mango Sriracha Shrimp with Mixed Vegetables and Fresh Basil
Creamy Shrimp Pasta w/ Extra Wine Wine and Scallops
Petit Fours: (from left to right) Lemon merengue tart with cayenne, Dulce de leche macaron, and Matcha and Puffed Rice chocolate.
Detriot Style Pizza
Quesabirria y tacos al pastor
Brined Oven Roasted Chicken
Quasi Porchetta
a plate of food (bread, cheese, salami, sausage, pineapple, beets, and eggs) for lunch
Dinner
Bit of a twist Beef Stroganoff with vegetable fussili
Pumpkin Pie
Shrimp Etouffee
The fancy sardines on toast
Spicy Buttermilk Fried Chicken Sandwich
Sandwich from video game | looks so good
beef short ribs
buttermilk marinated roast chicken
Sticky Apple Cake
Shepherds pie
Shredded Salt :-(
I made a breakfast sandwich
Blueberry Muffins
Masala dosa with peanut chutney
Best ASMR Video compilation
Veggie Lover's Pizza
BBQ Plate
spinach quiche with homemade flaky crust! 😋
Marinated Chicken Kebabs on Turmeric Rice
Wonton with ramen noodle
Mixed bruschetta with burrata
Smoked chicken fried rice, papaya &amp; cucumber sunomono salad.
Chinese Street Noodles With Shrimp, Bell Pepper, And Mushrooms
Baked Brie, Honey and Pecans
My Korean homemade food
a Nugget Bouquet
homemade tacos ( Use Mckormic)
5 hour smoked brisket
Salmon, asparagus and paprika mash
Shawarma spiced chicken, lemon rice, quinoa tabbouleh, and tzatziki sauce
tomato basil chicken for my friend who is a new mama!
Glaze Perfection
Attempt at Bacon Cups, trying to get out some Covid weight
Lomo Saltado
Garlic roasted chicken wings. Anyone loves chicken wings?
I’m proud of this one y’all
dinner crispy chicken with spicy coconut salad
salmon with mashed potatoes and creamed spinach
Butternut Squash and Caramelized Onion Galette
Cooked a  goose with my roommates the other day. It was incredibly flavorful!
Souped Up Recipes chicken broccoli carrot stir-fry
Pollo alla Cacciatora
Korean-ish bowl of ground turkey bibimbap, pickled carrots, gochujang pickled cucumbers, sesame bean sprouts, pickled and fresh peppers, and kimchi. On rice.
Tiramisu 😋
Crispy Chicken fry with spicy tomato sauce.
Roast beef,tomatoes,mushrooms,garlic, omelette
Buffalo Chicken Mac N’ Cheese
Homemade Japanese Curry
simple eggs are best... eggs, hot mango pineapple sauce (homemade, gift) + butter fried baguette
2 tier tripple chocolate cake
My 14 year old son went Albacore Tuna fishing with daddy yesterday. Fresh fish tempura style with fresh pico de Gallo. Oh sooo good!
Cheddar and Chive Drop Biscuits
Ribeye w/ Cremini Mushrooms
Hand-laminated Pâte Feuilletée (croissant roll).
Chilli Con Carne
الجاتوه علي طريقه الحلواني بامكانيات ست البيت
Oatmeal banana dark chocolate cookies/muffins. Darker one is oatmeal only, lighter one is coconut flour added.
my attempt at making pasta and I just wanted to share
Belgian Liège waffles with Nutella and marscapone
Bastard Burger with sweet potato- and regular fries
Slow-roasted gochujang pork on wheat with fried egg, avocado, arugula, etc.
Swedish pyttipanna hash with pickled beet
Unagi rice bowl!
Loaded Focaccia! My new favourite thing to make
Korean Hotdogs
cauliflower and pumpkin curry. I’m a big meat eater , but didn’t miss it.
Baked Cheese Ravioli
chirashi bowl
Dark Chinese Fried Rice Loaded with eggs
Mushroom fettuccine with a black and blue Alfredo (charred shallots, blue Brie, black truffle Gloucester, pecorino, Parmesan) with a combination of pan seared yellow squash, shishito peppers, and spinach chicken sausage topped with our Italian White hot sauce.
20-hour pork bone broth
Small shabang of Shabbat salads
Christmas spread
Cabbage Egg Pancake
fried eggs on toast with hollandaise
Shrimp Ceviche
This are called “Tequeños” in my country. A piece of white cheese wrapped in dough and fried. I love them with guacamole.
Ube Coconut, Mango, Black Sesame, Durian, Matcha Red Bean and Pineapple Macarons
Blackest Chocolate Quinoa Cake
Eton mess with raspberry sorbet, strawberry coulis and fresh cream
Christmas dinner for one, contactless delivery by my neighbor.
Fried Chicken Wrap with Homemade Barbecue Sauce and Garlic Mayonnaise
haidilao hot pot - it was so good
Hamburger stir fry
ramen with sesame chicken and hard boiled eggs, my favorite simple meal
I put googly eyes on my VR glasses and let my grandparents try them out
Veggie 'full English' with scrambled egg, avocado, mozzarella, hash brown, mushrooms, beans and buttered toast
Chicken Pot Pie
gnocchis in creamy mushroom sauwce
Tuna Poke
Chicken &amp; waffles pot pie with maple syrup gravy
Breakfast Spam Musubi (Hashbrown patties bookending Spam and spicy scrambled eggs all tied up with a strip of dried seaweed)
Super Moist Vegan Banana Bread
smoked beef short rib on bbq
Fried Rice and Tofu with a Runny Egg
Beef stew with buttermilk bacon fat biscuits
Saint Dionís marzipan fruits
Braised Short Rib
Confit byaldi, the titular Ratatouille.
Creme brulee with raspberry sauce
Gimbap
Gyukotsu ramen with brisket chashu
beef bulgogi with tricolore carrot-julienne, rice, paprika and soysauce-shrooms
Roasted Garlic Knots
A Beef Wellington, made for my housemate and my holiday meal away from home
Pizza with homemade tomato sauce and mozzarella
Me and some buddies started a Covid-birthed food truck called Rollin Phatties in Texas serving Pakistani tacos (or paratha rolls).
Prime NY Strip with a Chipotle Butter Sauce
lunch size meatloaf with mashed potatoes and BBQ sauce
I baked Peanut Butter / Chocolate Chip Revel Bars
Mac and cheese with grilled chicken and garlic bread
potato latkes served with sour cream, chives, dill, lox, salmon roe, and caviar.
Diwali snacks &amp; sweets  Happy Diwali! ✨
Santa Claus pizza
Porchetta
deep dish pizza
(Homecooked) Potato Wedge Poutine
Scallops with forbidden rice and pea puree
Hand Painted French Macarons
Olive and tomato pasta with garlic croutons
this soft pretzel with butter
Peanut Butter Chocolate Chip Pancakes
My Chicken and Sausage Gumbo.
Challah, first try - more baguette-like, but challah texture. TIGHTER BRAIDS NEXT TIME :)
Stella’s Angel Food Cake
BBQ broccoli, green beans, wilted spinach, rice, couscous, chickpeas and humus
Crispy rolled pork
buffalo chicken wings
pesto pizza
Blueberry cheesecake
banh mi sub
Chocolate cupcakes with chocolate Gamache, figs &amp; blueberries
a thick Spicy Deluxe
Hokkaido Milk Bread Dinner Rolls
Italian octopus salad 🤌🏻
cast iron ribeye
Fatty beef stir fried ramen
dry aged burguer with emmental cheese, bacon jam and salad
Pasta - Tagliatelle
Pizza Skulls
I can be your food. Snapchat is am062401
Kabocha Latkes
paella
pizza in my new place
Tonkotsu ramen
beet pesto linguine - recipe in comments
Filet Mignon, Roasted Fennel, and a potato purée
surf and turf: sous vide butter finished filets and Alaskan king crab legs
spinach chicken salad
double patty burger
Chicken Tikka Masala. (Rice mixed in with some brown rice) 🍛
We did Thanksgiving today with flank steak instead
Pastor Torta, Rosted Spring Onions, and a Watercress and radish salad with a lime-cilantro dressing.
Burnt matcha cheesecake
Crispy Chilli Beef with Rice
My friend made me a flower pot cake for my bday.  it, it was amazing.
SUMAN with condensed milk and cashew nuts
Shrimp/Scallop poy boy with Remoulade Sauce
Coated with blue drizzle sauce and sprinkled with Pearl basalt, the festive French Pride hot dog is actually made with Finch meat.
A german classic - Green &amp; Potato Salad and Frikadellen (Meatballs)
Gnochhi and Chicken Soup
Savory babka
Pumpkin Pecan Muffins
The results after being inspired by and getting tips from u/Soonermagic10...smoked brisket on the Big Green Egg
Свинка Пеппа на русском: Плохой день этой ЗМЕИ - Crazy Cooking ACMP cто...
Cozinhando ASMR - Frango Assado de BRINQUEDOS para o Dia de Ação de Graç...
Blackened Redfish with Grits
Lemon coriander chicken and falafel with mint/chives sauce
Fried rice with vegetables
Pepperoni, Basil, &amp; Prosciutto Pizza + used a gifted batch of my dad’s secret red sauce.
Scallop Ceviche with Cucumber, Grapefruit and Ginger
Sausage, tomato, &amp; spinach pasta
Which food products would you buy at a Pop-up / Farmer's Market in US?
Sautéd button mushroom and scrambled egg🍳
panfried salmon
Chicken biryani
Pork Wellington
Seeded sandwich bread
Braised Oxtail with Herbed Creme Fraiche, Mushrooms, and Pearl Onions.
Good Eats - IYKYK -  because I hung it.
grilled cheese and tomato soup
dinner rolls
Austin Grill Corn soup
Cronuts with chocolate ganache filling and glaze.
Dal with Roti
A grilled cheese I made with wheat bread from a local bakery chain. :)
Black Raspberry Chocolate Chip Creme Puff
70% hydration no knead pizza. Came out better than I expected!
Drunken Noodles. No longer need to take out Thai food..lol
Double cheeseburger on pretzel bun
Fillet mignon on celery purée
Fresh roasted squash and zucchini with fried chicken and mashed potatoes with gravy
Tortellini soup
Sage and rosemary dressing for a late Thanksgiving
Taiwanese braised pork rice
Summer Corn w/ Chorizo &amp; Cilantro from Antoni’s cookbook
Eating for luck on New Year's: Why foods from black-eyed peas to grapes promise prosperity - USA TODAY
raspberry muffins with crumble topping
Fried Onion Smash Burger on Homemade Sesame Bun
pumpkin pie (real pumpkin)
Bouillabaisse
Short Ribs
Balsamic red potatoes and onions with Gorgonzola cheese pork chops. Bone apple teeth.
https://ift.tt/3iURoJi
pasta with beetroot sauce, ricotta and chives
heart shaped pizza for Valentine’s Day
Eggs Benedict
Pork Shoulder
ginger garlic zucchini with fried eggs.
School Cafeteria Yeast Rolls
Bone-in Rib-eye, Hasselback Potato, Shiitake mushrooms
Garlic-rosemary lamb with jus
Birria Tacos based on Joshua Weissman's recipe.
5-Day Pastrami
Peruvian Jalea
Chicken and chorizo Mediterranean tray bake
chicken and dumplings.
Leftovers for breakfast! Came out 💣 Made with half a zucchini, leftover jasmine rice, and an al pastor street taco
Merry Christmas Everyone!
Carne Asada Fries 🍟
Check out my cooking show!
Double Cheese Smashburger
Spicy garlic honey grilled shrimp
Chocolate crinkle cookies.
Karaage (japanese fried chicken)
Spinach, tomato, feta pan pizza
Osso Bucco with mushroom risotto (and Caesar salad)
Herb Mashed Potatoes, Caramelized Kraut, Italian Sausage.
Thanksgiving leftover pizza on sourdough and mashed potato cakes
Street Taco Poutine
Paimon emergency food
Japanese cheese hamburger steak, vegetables and rice
« Gâteau Forêt-Noire »
Noodle mix with vegetables, eggs and sausages.
beef kefta, hummus, tomato cucumber salad.
crustless brunch pizza
gingerbread cookie
curry lamb risotto
Buttermilk marinated roast chicken
Katsu chicken.
Chorizo Grilled Cheese on Sourdough
Bought a pizza stone and took a shot at  pizza. Prettttty goood
Brisket Sandwich
Garlic Chipotle &amp; Beer Mussels
Smoke cured bacon
shishito shrimp with melted cheese
Teriyaki steak &amp; chicken, fried rice, mixed veggies
Jamaican Oxtail Stew w/ Rice &amp; Peas and Streamed Cabbage
Breakfast
Donuts - Blueberry with Lemon Glaze, Cinnamon Sugar, and Funfetti
Shrimp and scallion stir-fry with white rice.
Ribs with Baked Beans and Macaroni Salad
honey, soy, and mango marinated pork
Daal chawal (lentils and rice)
Máy nướng chả bằng điện được Viễn Đông thiết kế và sản xuất nhằm phục vụ nhu cầu nướng chả, thịt nhanh chóng, tự động, tiết kiệm công sức. Không còn vất vả nướng bằng than, xoay lật nhiều lần như trước đây mà quy trình nướng hoàn toàn tự động, chả chín đều và thơm ngon. Máy
Ribeye Steak &amp; Veg
pandan loaf with coconut
Cajun Biscuits Sandwiches
Chocolate-Orange Panettone
Hằng ngày bạn phải xay nấu khối lượng đậu nành lớn. Nhưng công việc này diễn ra lấn cấn và mất nhiều thời gian. Đậu nành sau khi xay phải lọc qua trước khi nấu nên mất nhiều công sức.
spaghetti &amp; meatballs
chewy chocolate chip cookies
beef Wellington for thanksgiving
So good for Work-Study-Game-Friends.
Pastrami, Egg and Cheese Breakfast Sandwich on Sourdough.
Mini Meatballs!
burger, between grilled cheese!!
Snake River Wagyu
plums pie
mini Buffalo chicken pizza. Too much crust, but I was craving Buffalo chicken and this did nicely :)
Danish with plums and honey sweetened ricotta.
Braised clamps in Thai sauce .
BEC-BaconEggAndCheese w/ pepperjack and gouda
Honey Garlic Shrimp
Carlo’s Bakery Rainbow Cake 🌈
D you want to try something simple , so try once and eat always and say bye bye to your HUNGER!!!!
Grilled Cheese from the grill
Steak tacos with secret sauce and piko de gallo
katsudon
Expert removes massive beehive without protective gear, video impresses netizens - The Indian Express
Clams and mussels in garlic butter white wine sauce and freshly made bread
torta pascualina/rústica
vanilla cake pops.
Cheesecake with a homemade graham cracker crust.
Vietnamese spaghetti squash salad.
Quinoa with vegetables and fruit
Bread
Blue Corn and Yellow Corn Marbled Cornbread
Pumpkin chili in a pumpkin!
Bourbon maple syrup chicken with asparagus soup.
Smoked and seared tomahawk steak.
"galette" with sour cherry and peach ^^
Christmas board.
Fried wontons, cabbage and wonton miso soup, korean beef tacos, and steamed dumplings.
Persian Joojeh Kabob
kielbasa with rice, peppers, and onions
french bread 3-cheese pizza (asiago, white cheddar, mozzarella)
Fettuccine Alfredo w/salmon
Apple pie with Caramel and brown butter
Orange Chocolate Cheesecake
BBQ pork with sweet potatoes and homemade coleslaw
Sancocho and white rice
Bourbon bbq baked chicken
baked chicken tenders (not the other word)
Meatball Spaghetti
IT...BEGINS... Happy Halloween, (s)everyone!
Cinnamon &amp; brown sugar sweet potato pie bars w/ graham cracker pie crust
Truffle BBQ Burger!
Cauliflower Rice Burrito Bowl
poke bowl with tuna and salmon and a Korean sauce
Last nights dinner . I made some takosu and sliced some extra salmon and tuna
Bara Burger
Tuna steak with rice and Italian salad
Sausage, egg and cheese biscuits
Scotch Egg &amp; Oven Roasted Brussels Sprouts/Bacon with Balsamic Glaze
Tofu Katsu w/ Egg
Potato curry with spicy tomato sauce.
Honey glazed carrots, toasted wheat rice and goat cheese
- Food Science and Nutrition Journals Help
Rich chocolate cake.
Wagyu Picanha
- Dao Xiao Mian with maitake, shiitake, (king and baby) oyster mushrooms, and tofu
beet root falafel burger topped with gruyere, spicy slaw, and avocado on brioche!
- Bluefin Tuna Maki
tricolad cake
rigatoni and bolognese sauce
Chocolate Chip Mint Ice Cream
12 hour wait at In and Out Grand Opening, Aurora, Colorado
Old Fashioned Donuts
impromptu turkey dinner
Samosa recipe | How to make samosa | Recipe in 2020 | Samosa recipe, Recipes, Indian food recipes
Browned butter chocolate chip cookies
Imitation shrimp fettuccine
Three Treasures from the Earth (地三鲜 Di San Xian) - potatoes, eggplant, and bell pepper
Stuffed mushrooms with fried shrimps and spicy tomato sauce.
chocolate cake with coffee buttercream and chopped nuts - Happy Birthday to ME!
chocolate cake
Steak with pan sauce and potatoes with rosemary and garlic
fried fish
Sweet Potato Hash!
focaccia with garden cherry tomatoes and thyme
Grilled Cheese night.
Teriyaki chicken skewers w/ bell pepper, pineapple, eggplant and grape tomatoes.
pizza (Amerikano)
BLT with Avocado and Egg
croissants! I could have proofed the dough longer but overall I’m pretty happy considering this was try number one.
Mise en place
Chhole chawal and paneer pakora
The good ol' Dal Makhni.
Is the “T” in General Tao’s chicken *silent*??!!
Pizza with tomato sauce, topped with prosciutto, arugula and mozzarella
Gnocchi with Spinach and Heirloom Tomatoes in a Cream Sauce
Smoked for an hour and broiler finished drumstick
Burger weather in the UK!
iced mocha
Fish chowder and herbed focaccia
wareneki with schmaundt fat, bacon and green onions (Mennonite perogie with cream sauce)
steakhouse style dinner. Beef Tenderloin with horseradish cream, creamed spinach, roasted potatoes and a glass of Cotes du Rhone
gingerbread houses
T-bone steaks
Dungeness Crab Salad
Smoked Duck on Dutch Crunch Sandwich
Easter Cake
Haw flakes
Filipino leche flan
Badam Elaichi Kulfi (Indian Almond Icecream)
Sandwich I made two years ago that I’m still proud of
Try my  Ravioli!

Cupcake Sushi with Pork Katsu
Bacon and clam chowder
Guava &amp; cream cheese Pastelitos are this Cuban American girl’s favorite! To make them you need Pastry dough, guava paste, cream cheese &amp; eggwash. Follow me on YouTube at LelitasKitchen for more recipes!
Homemade fajitas with my date
keto diet
steak potatoes and sautéed asparagus
a pinkie pie cake!
steak rice bowl
Breakfast Egg &amp; Cheese Quesadillas
Cottage Pie made with Guinness Gravy and topped with Irish Cheddar Mashed
Poké Bowl
Tri-tip (Santa Maria style), asparagus, spinach salad with apples and white balsamic vinaigrette
fresh shrimp &amp; real crab meat ceviche with cucumber, green pepper, red onion, tomato &amp; cilantro marinade in lime and lemon juice
Baking Lobster Tails with Garlic Lemon Olive Oil
Oyster mushroom risotto with fresh Atlantic mussels and orange marinated scallops, white chocolate and parsnip purée
Super bowl food, shrimp and smoked wings.
Steak Arepas With Salsa Guac &amp; Cilantro Crema
Merry Christmas You Filthy Animals! Home alone today, so I made myself a pan pizza.
Garlic &amp; mozzarella cheese brioche bread
Hake seasoned with paprika, served atop a warm salad of chorizo, chilli, spinach and cannellini beans.
chocolate molten cake
Deep fried chili balls
Crispy Spring Rolls
Pancake Cereal
Bread with eggs
Detroit-Style Pizza
I made some pork gyozas
Brioche French Toast with Blueberry compote
Fried Chicken KFC?
really delicious fried chicken and burger at an Estonian restaurant.
Mousse cake
Brussels sprout and prosciutto pizza
Baklava Cheesecake
My son (11) and I made Katsu shrimp tonight!
MARKET LIVE: Sensex tumbles 800 pts, RailTel lists at 16% premium on NSE - Business Standard
maccheroni
Fried And Grilled Fish With Perfect "" Fish Masala
Crispy Potato tacos 🥔🌮
: Healthy eating is good for the soul too. I had this beautiful meal. Green beans, mashed potatoes, air-fried beef &amp; tomato and onion gravy.
Smoked Tomatoes
Insta-pot savory BBQ chicken thighs with rice.
Grilled cheese on homemade bread with crispy prosciutto, pear, caramelized onion, roasted garlic, and fig jam.
NY strip with sautéed onions, jalepenos, and mushrooms. Toasted sourdough on the side.
One pot spaghetti
Bacon and eggs
I see your butter chicken. I've gone with a king prawn keralan coconut curry, chapatti and a German IPA.
Crab Chowder
Chicken Fried Rice Cauliflower &amp; Philly Cheese Spring Rolls
Broccoli and chesse tart
Fried Egg with frijoles de la hoya and fideo.
Steak Tacos (with homemade tortillas)
Short Rib Ramen and Grilled Bok Choy
Potato Bun Veggie Sliders with Fried Cheese Puffs
Pork Spare Ribs Smoked With Post Oak
Fluffy pancakes
South Indian garlic chilli lamb masala and garlic nann.
Ichiban Noodles + Ikea meatballs; quick fix when I don't know what to cook for dinner.
Chicken Thali
Cast Iron Poke Bowl
Double Cheese Burger!
Ham and Mushroom Omelette with Freshly Baked Bread
Fried soft shell crab sandwich with remoulade sauce
Small McDonald’s fry(left) Medium McDonald’s fry(right)
- Twice baked potato
Cheesecake and Panacotta Oreo Cake
Witches finger and Monster cookies
Half and half pizza
roasted Brussel sprouts
Chocolate Covered Strawberry Cake
Tried my hand at "Red dog" toast, adjusted slightly.
Orange Olive Oil Cake!!
braised lamb shanks.
Tony Hawk's viral video that shows that entrepreneurship is like jumping into the void on a skateboard - mySanAntonio.com
Vodka Sauce
Ramen and chashu
white sauce pasta with baby tomatoes
Chicken gizzards
Smoked Sable &amp; Bodega-style eggs
super greens salad, impossible beef, cremini mushrooms, green goddess dressing.
Rice Noodles
Spacewalking astronauts encounter cable trouble while hooking up European lab - Firstpost
prime rib, roasted veggies, green beans, and homemade rolls (and wine)
Chicken Fried Venison Sandwich
uni and salmon rice bowl
Tres Leches Cake - 3 Milks Cake Recipe
Tikka masala and homemade garlic naan
- Potato Breakfast Medley
marble cake with vanilla buttercream and chocolate ganache swirl in vanilla white chocolate shell hand painted
Happy Election Day, y’all! Couldn’t get all 50 stars in this  pie. Sorry!
Blood orange and Campari cake.
Plate of Rotisserie Turkey (Wing and Drumstick), Cast Iron Skillet Stuffing, Candied Sweet Yams, Home Garden Skin-on Mashed Red Potatoes and Gravy From Collected Rotisserie Drippings
Filet Mignon with Pumpkin Polenta and Crispy Bacon Balsamic Brussels Sprouts
fettuccine alfredo and lemon pepper and dill tuna steak.
Fried chicken burger KFC who?
Half fresh mozzarella, half 4 cheese pizza
Special Beef burger with rolled paprika potatoes, melted cheese and sliced bacon
Breakfast ramen
Japanese soufflé crème brûlée pancakes
Lava cake (not Chili's)
moussaka with greek salad (UK)
Crunchwrap Supremes!
Smoked Mac &amp; Cheese
Harissa aubergine with giant couscous and pomegranate slaw
A simple beef rice bowl.
Video: Daniel Berger’s Reaction To Bunker Shot Is Going Viral - The Spun
The Chip of Hearts
I tried making a skirt on my pot stickers-gyoza-whatever you want to call them. How'd I do?
I made char siu the other night but didn’t glaze it nearly well enough. Definitely made up for that mistake tonight. Basically a Chinese burnt ends. It’s like candy.
Vietnamese bun rieu
scrapple, over easy eggs, on onion rye
Pho with runny duck egg.
Pan seared scallops with chorizo and summer corn
Máy xay chả lụa 10kg Bếp Đỏ là dòng máy xay giò chả công nghiệp chuyên dùng để xay thịt làm giò chả, chả cá, bò viên,.. tại các cơ sở sản xuất giò chả, giò lụa hay cơ sở chế biến thực phẩm.Máy #máyxaychảlụa10kg #máyxaygiòchả10kg #máyxaythịt10kg
Norseman's Stew
Swedish pancakes with bacon, whipped cream and homemade strawberry jam
Spam fried rice
Pappardelle alla Bolognese
Fuego Box spicy chocolate challenge
Banana bread cheesecake
Gyros Tacos
spicy Thai noodle soup
BBQ’d oysters
tonkotsu ramen with lots of menyu
Lover’s Wellington
Thai Shrimp Garlic
Butternut squash soup with shallot and paprika. Gigante bean salad with arugula and bell pepper. Roast of lamb with juniper, coriander and garlic. Serious Eats Best Crispy Roast Potatoes. Burnt-butter haricots verts. Chocolate-orange Bûche De Noël.
wing snob
pizza in Miami.
some Mooncakes for 中秋節 (Mid-Autumn Festival)!
Chicken Satay and rice with coriander
Double cheese burger on a potato bun
Whole wheat protein pancakes
Seared lamb with Brussel Sprouts and fig balsamic vinegar.
Chiles Rellenos for dinner (had two of these)
Laotian-Style Fried Chicken Wings
simple chicken curry and rice arranged with love.
Chili Con Carne Spin-off
Sweet and sour veggies with tofu and sticky rice
Crispy Fish + Butter &amp; Cheesy Fish
HOW TO MAKE TAKOYAKI l TAKOYAKI RECIPE FILIPINO STYLE
Beef bulgogi with basmati rice and bok choy.
Mongolian BBQ. Noodles, beef, broccoli, Jalapeno's, chilis, onion, mushrooms, garlic.
Spaghetti With Hot Sausages &amp; Garlic Bread
. What is this called? Completely forgot
Strip seat and pork belly
fettuccine alfredo
Chorizo and butterbean stew.
Hot Dogs
When you are gone all week for work and come home starving.  leftovers
chanterelles strudl
3-Ingredient Stovetop Macaroni and Cheese Recipe
Malabar Fish Curry
baked cornish hen, mac n cheese, and seared brussel sprouts with bacon
Boxing Day fry up Wooo
Grilled Cheese Sandwich
Mixed berry buckle with lemon glaze
Chicken and Oven Baked Veggies
Breakfast Sliders
kebab platter
birthday cake for a dear family member. Lemon cake with mascarpone-lemon-kirsch filling.
COOKIES OF THE WORLD platter.
reverse seared filet mignons and grilled asparagus
NY Strip with Herb Garlic Butter

beef steak today
Garlic Ginger Braised Chicken and Steamed Rice
smashburgers.
Dal Batti and Gatte ka Pulav; our Rajasthani spread for thanksgiving.
Me and my nana cooked a chicken sandwich
Baby Back Ribs, Brisket and Jalapeno Cheddar Sausage MeatFest
Protein Date Balls
enchiladas
Japanese Strawberry Shortcake
Black pudding, chili pepper and honey cast-iron pizza
Ricotta gnocchi with bolognese
10-in-1 cheesecake
Marinaded steak and ramen burrito
Salad with Radish, Celery, Kumquat and Walnuts
Teriyaki Glazed Salmon Over Fried Potatoes and Green Pea Puree
Cinnamon swirls
Citrus Pavlova inspired by SFAH
chicken roulade with roasted vegetables and cauliflower puree
Bibimbap, Chicken, Fermented Soybean soup, and Various Banchan
mini pancake with bone marrow and caviar
Christmas? It doesn't matter for me!
水煮牛 Sliced Beef Boiled in Hot and Spicy Gravy (a.k.a. Water Boiled Beef)
Steak and Fried Egg Sandwich
Pan Seared Scallops &amp; Shrimp/ Tikka Masala/ Steamed Vegetables/ Cardamom Rice
Short Rib Lasagne and Garlic Sourdough
Garlic butter steak and sautéed mushrooms with oven roasted potatoes, and peas.
Caramel Pudding with Boba
Fried Mac n’ cheese
Carbonara original with pork cheeks and eggs
TVP stew with spinach on the side + rice
Thai Cuisine
Half Everything, half traditional pastrami about to go in the smoker!
Veggies Pizza
What a PUMPKIN sounds like? · Keyboard MIDI Art
FRIED SHRIMP WITH RICE
dumplings 💗
Oven pot cooked lamb shoulder 'à la provençale'
First time cooking, not bad.
Makin  seitan
Tournedos beef tenderloin à la Béairnaise, potato medallions, Campari tomatoes and green beans
creamy beef and aged white cheddar stuffed portobello mushrooms
Beef Curry! No more blocked sinuses 😅
Cheesy Prosciutto Chicken in Grape Tomato Sauce w/ Veggie Noodles.
Fried Cheesecake.
Eggs benny and breakfast links.
Holiday Cookie Box
Pad Thai (Thai Stir Fry Rice Noodles)
BBQ Chicken Wings
5lbs Ahi prepared like a smoked Prime Rib, smoked in a Big Green Egg. Perfection!
beer can chicken and ciabatta
What is your favourite  dinner that you would cook regularly?
Mango, Avocado, Artificial Crab and Red Masago Sushi
chicken nuggets crispy and fresh
Pepperoni Pizza
Sloppy Joe over Rice
meatball with potato, turkish recipe
breakfast wrap with homemade maple syrup candied bacon, bacon and cheddar sausage, fried egg and mozzarella cheese, pan fried to finish in real butter.
a charcuterie board for my friends 30th.
Dan Dan noodles
Steak and avocado with steak dripping gravy
This seafood cup 😍
Quarter Pounder Cheese Deluxe Burger 😍
Swedish meatballs, over egg noodles.
Pierogi/vareniki with potato, parmesan, ham, challot, ricotta and chanterelle filling.
Breakfast Burrito Bowl
Smoked whole chickens with  Alabama white sauce on the Weber Smokey Mountain. Definitely will be making this again!!
Cheeseburger Quiche
chicken thigh katsu
a proper Sunday Lunch
Stuffed Football Strawberries
buffalo chicken flatbread
Layered Apple Pie!
Roasted Asparagus with creamy bacon mushroom sauce, and some shrimp
Pollo Asado, salsa verde and mexican-style rice
sponge cake 2 colors
5 course anniversary dinner!
Gumbo
King Crab Rangoons
Hazelnut cake
Rainbow Mooncake!
Caldo de res/ Mexican beef stew
Chicken tender parmesan with spaghetti
Smoked Pork Belly Sandwich
roasted cauliflower lentil curry
left over prime rib and swiss sandwich. Almost better the second go around!
white rice with a scrambled egg on top and sausage sauce, with sausage and salad
Beef Stew with grilled asiago bread
How To Make Best Chicken Macaroni Easy and Delicious Macaroni Recipe By...
Just Sauteed Onion Over Rice With a Little Butter and Salt.
glutenfree lasagna bolognese with béchamel sauce
Generals Tso Chicken
Chicken kotlets.
Eggs &amp; Potatoes
Cherry pie with homemade filling, store bought crust.
chickpea buddha bowl with tahini chipotle dressing and resisted veggies
Tomatoes and Egg with charred Unions.
Honey roasted chicken and sweet potato skillet: recipe credit cream de la crumb
Nasturtium salad
Did you eat ever this recipe..? Soft Pakoda recipe...
Pav Bhaji - Famous Indian Street Food Prepared at Home
two layer matcha mochi butter cake with raspberry sorbet.
my new favourite breakfast
Lamb Chop
Grapefruit Bars
Beer brats
fish&amp;rice
https://ift.tt/3j1F6ib
Homemade Muffin
Spicy miso ramen + fixings 🍜
Hot Buffalo chicken wings.
Lasagna Bolognese.
Smoked brisket chili
Chocolate cake filled with peanut butter swiss meringue, chocolate ganache, and Reese's
Best Shawarmas (Syrian) in Dubai 2021
. Rice Pilaf.
Bagel topped with cream cheese and lox
Carbonara linguine - authentic Italian, in remembrance of my uncle, who once almost disowned me for adding mushrooms. I still added garlic though. Scusa zio
Chocolate Cookies
Big Roll
pizza and potatos
lamb korma with riced cauliflower
Tarte flambée
Marshmallow assortment
Chocolate Puddino!
Zaxbys 4 piece chicken finger plate
Tomato/Butternut Squash Soup &amp; Cast Iron Grilled Cheese Sandwich (tomato, butternut squash, thyme grown in the garden)
Upside down orange cake
HOW CAN YOU PEOPLE NOT TELL ME THIS EXIST !??!?!? IM GOING TO MAKE SO MUCH Dipping Sauce
sourdough with breaded eggplant, roasted peppers, mozzarella, spinach, arugula, balsamic drizzle
Preserved Oranges
Grilled oysters with spicy parmesan herb butter
Bby sis made cake pops, she loves to bake. She called them ugly and as the oldest my organic answer was to say they’re beautiful and wanted to share them.
Pepperoni with mike's hot honey
French Meat Pie
Moroccan Lentils Soup With Carrots And Bones
Campfire Grilled NY Steak
Ajarski Kachapuri
Chicken Shawarma Hummus Plate
bruschetta
pudding with chocolate cake
Chicken Katsu
Butternut squash, bacon and pecan pasta
Apple crisp
Roasted Eggs Recipe
Tacos de lengua (beef tongue)
Panang Neua (Thai Panang Beef Curry)
chocolate chip cookies w/pecans + flaky salt
""easy homemade Marshmallow
Wagyu zabuton
this waffle
Dark Chocolate Pistachio Tart
Roasted duck with plane rice and delicious gravy
Wild Blueberry Pie
Roast chicken with roast carrots, roast parsnips, cabbage, mash potato and gravy!
Smoked herring breakfast in Northern Norway
just made 115 jap chae dumplings
Authentic Lassi (Yoghurt Smoothie).
Basil Pesto Stir Fry
India vs England: Virat Kohli Shares A Glimpse Of Intense Workout Session Ahead Of Third England Tes.. - NDTV Sports
Surf n turf - Boneless ribeye + Nova Scotian lobster
Holiday Bread Wreath
Baked Rigatoni
Chicken Paprikash
Never made Shepards Pie and Stove top Stuffing before!
Chocolate pecan banana bread
Ribeye Po Boy.
Death By Chocolate - Double Chocolate Cake, Peanut Butter Buttercream (inside), iced with Chocolate Coffee Ganache, Peanut Butter Ganache drizzle and Oreo Crumb side
Pecan Smoked Lamb Gyro
filet with crab legs, breaded green beans, Mac n cheese.
Ratatouille Foccacia Sandwiches with Mozzorella
Kimchi-jigae
Seafood, Chicken &amp; Chorizo Paella
Guiness Braised Short Ribs
Catalonian Escalivada
Bacon-topped Cottage Pie
chocolate cake with peanut butter frosting and Reese’s candy
Modified Californian
Breakfast pizza!
Herbes de Provence rubbed steak
Louisiana style fried chicken
Chocolate chip, M&amp;M, and Reese’s Pieces cookies. Made by my 11 year old who recently became interested in baking.
Potato ball cheese ""
Chili for a cold day
Two very good boys are about to get a very special Christmas Eve dinner.
This is too...small
Made a Paella with/for my family with crispy chicken, shrimps, mussels and monkfish.
Dark chocolate and white chocolate mousse cake with Oreo cookie crust and decorated with chocolate shavings and fruits.
Stacked Enchiladas
Thai spice ribs
mozzarella cheese. No preservatives
3 cheese mac n cheese
Free Food
Nduja Salami
Triple Berry Smoothie
Chicken Udon
amindis prognozi
Asian Nachos
Ham Sammich!
"",
Reversed seared bone-in Canadian Grade A steak
Banana bread
Eggs Benedict:
Crispy skin chicken thigh with risotto milanese
Free Range on Food Cooking Q
Christmas charcuterie board . Nothing fancy, but it made us fat and happy.
Pug cake - all parts edible
Hungarian Lángos
Caramelised onions
some milkshakes while on vacation a couple years ago.
Cherry wood Smoked duck for Christmas
Veal chop on polenta with oyster mushroom cream sauce
Bacon Grilled Cheese
Salmon, asparagus, and a veggie patty on red pepper aioli
Viral Video Of Couple’s Surprise Proposal During COVID-19 Vaccination Wins Hearts - SheThePeople
pumpkin chocolate chip pancakes
Chilli Cheese Fries 🌶️🧀🍟
Donut Bun Burger
creamy pasta with pea-shoot greens
Slow cooker barbacoa nachos
simple dinner.. turkey, pepperoni, pepper jack &amp; muenster cheese, lettuce, pickles, Mayo, honey mustard and the main attraction, Lays chips
Roasted Romanesco
Bun Cha
Rice ball.
General Tso's and stir fry
Bleu Cheese Pancetta Fettuccini with Chicken and Baked Broccoli
Sour cream &amp; onion biscuts
Beef Chow Fun - "Dry Fried" Beef Rice Noodles
Pizza egg benedict
chicken strips
Mediterranean Grilled Lamb
I’m sorry
Fresh flounder with shrimp and blue crab stuffing
Wish the little guy a happy birthday :)!
Another lobster roll! Yesterday, you weren’t feeling the love for mayo. But what if the mayo is homemade, from eggs gathered this morning from the backyard?
Barbecue Chicken
Screw the pancakes tomorrow, gonna make some Banana Fritters instead.
Carne asada tacos
Spinach and Feta Pane Bianco
carnita tacos with gochujang salsa. The tortilla is made from blue corn flour.
Wedding cake with gum paste flowers
Guava Key Lime Pie
Pulao/Pilaf
Sweet Potato, Potato, Apple, and Sausage Hash with a poached egg and a glass of OJ
Chilli dogs with onions and hot sauce
vegan lentil meatballs with coconut curry sauce
Risotto with tomato, spinach and chorizo
jjamppong (spicy seafood noodle soup)
Wonton Soup 🍲
Azuki cream
vanilla bean marshmellow
Iraqi women struggle to escape abuse as domestic violence rises - Al Jazeera English
Bacon Cheeseburger Sliders
Pepperoni Pizza
Old Fashioned Doughnuts
Air fried chicken Sandwich
Lasagna.
Ribeye Hash
Roasted Veggies
Teriyaki sauce and wings
Juicy Prime Bone-in Ribeye &amp; Creamy Carbonara w/ smoked Pancetta
Grape Skin Pizza
Tom Yam. Got very spicy, which is good!
Nashville Hot Chicken Sandwich
Chicken quesadilla!
Spaghetti and eggplant “meatballs”
My mom cooked gluten free tarts
Smoked Ribeye Cheesesteak and Onion Rings
bangers and mash
Sous Vide Turchetta!!
Chinese Dinner
Birria Tacos
spicy miso ramen
Shoyu Ramen with chashu
Fried Rice ""
Ribeye with basil bacon blue cheese butter
Pork neck
chocolate chip cookie skillet with ice cream
Dom bakery’s cronut FOTM pistachio ganache with cherry jam🍒
Originale Pizza Napoletana 🍕🇮🇹🍺
Irish pork stew
brioche doughnuts
Cream and butter cake
- Lobster Rolls
Thanksgiving 2019 feat. goose
Tacos + Banana Chili Hot Sauce
Kimchi Fried Rice with Spam
Tri-tip with a homemade montreal rub; smoked over cherry and pecan, then seared. So proud!
Ube Pie
I got Covid after I made this steak dinner
Pizza with ham, mushrooms, onions, and peppers
bacon wrapped double chicken thighs
24 Hour brine, Mojo marinated pork shoulder roast
My fried chicken
Sauce for vegetable lasagna
Meat and cheese board
frankies! (aka bombay burritos) india’s delicious street food
donuts with lemon cream
egg rolls!
Country fried steak
Crab Cake Eggs Benedict and Grits at the Great Southern Cafe in Seaside, FL
Blueberries
Beyond Cake
Vanilla cake with rainbow buttercream brush strokes
I could make boards all day
Portuguese Regional Purslane and cured Cheese Soup, whit garlic and potatoes
Strawberry, raspberry, and orange fruit spread.
Uni
braised beef with pumpkin sweet potato gnocchi and grilled asparagus
pizza!!
Peanut Butter &amp; Chocolate Buffalo Cookie
garlic and spinach pizza on naan crust
Pork tonkatsu sandwich with cabbage slaw
Green Thai Curry Short Rib and Grilled Naan
تحميل برنامج الاسطورة ostora tv 2020 للاندرويد و للايفون و الكمبيوتر مجانا.
Apple Pancakes
reindeer chocolate cupcakes
Blondies with Caramel Sauce
ONGC posts net profit of ₹1,378 crore in Q3
Ground beef patty filled with cheese and topped with homemade BBQ sauce with orange rice, refried beans and homemade fried tortilla chips.
Sushi in Destin, FL
Good fucking food
Bread Buns
Tonkotsu Ramen with Chashu
Making turkey stock today after thanksgiving dinner, any outside the box ways to use it? Most of what I find online is soups and the like, which is all good but I want to try something different.
Brisket stroganoff
stop motion cake assembly
Borscht with Cabbage and Carrots and Russian Black Bread
Ps4 cake I made
vegan orange chickey &amp; sweet potato tempura
Chicken Enchiladas for dinner.
Chilaquiles Rojas!!
chicken enchiladas
Pork tenderloin and mashed potatoes
Spicy Chicken Sandwich
Flank steak tacos (cast iron) w/ roasted corn salsa and guac.
Delicious Milk Pudding (Muhalbia)
Chicken Ruby Curry and Naan
Lobster Paella, Gambas al Ajillo, Gazpacho &amp; Patatas Bravas
Beef Paprikash over Risotto
Smoked Wagyu Brikset
Chicken Parmesan with rotini pasta
I hear you guys like space cakes! I made this for a 21st birthday a couple of weeks ago.
Strufoli napoletani
White truffle pizza, with Matsutake mushrooms and buffalo mozzarella.
Beef Wellington and Brussels
Guinness Beef Stew with Cheddar Herb Dumplings.
carrot cakes
Tomato soup and Italian Sub
had an errection lasting more than 12 hrs
Blueberry French Toast topped with powdered sugar. I think I put too much so u can’t see the blueberries very well
blueberry bread!
Muscat Tart
Salmon and Quinoa Stirfry
Smashburger 50/50 Cricket and cheddar with caramelized onions on a homemade potato roll
Smoked Pulled Pork Nachos
vegan steak with roots and citrus
Air fried cod and steamed lima beans
spinach deep pan pizza 🍕
Coddled Eggs
Vegan Tacos - Check Comments!!
#SpicyChicken  Easy Tandoori Style Roasted Whole CHICKEN || Thanksgiving Dinner || InstaFood
Spaghetti Tacos with angle hair noodles
Hawaiian BBQ chicken with pineapple, macaroni salad, and cabbage
Snickers cupcakes with peanut butter buttercream, dark chocolate filled cupcakes, salted caramel and chocolate ganache drizzle
Scallop pie (famous in Tasmania)
Chicken Cutlet Panini | Fresh Mozzarella | Pesto | Roasted Pepper | Olive Spread | Spinach | Tomato
chicken Enchiladas
Spanish Cheese over pan seared chicken breasts.
this awesome Indian/Italian fusion and it's amazing!
New York Cheesecake at Junior's
Cream Curry Pasta!
Hot Chicken with spicy Chile Waffle
Cranberry Orange Pork Roast w/ Garlic and Mulling Spices. Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
Steak With Chimichurri
Reuben sandwiches
Thinly Sliced Ham &amp; 3 Egg Sandwich
Cheese pizza 😋
Cornish game hen pizza🤣
Lemon Blueberry Oats in the Instant Pot
Braised short ribs over garlic-butter mashed potatoes
chicken pot pie with bacon fat pastry
mutton curry
Tiger Bread
banoffee pie
Brown Sugar Chicken Omelette Waffle Sandwich
Pizza with truffle oil
Broiled beef and toasted rye with sliced tomato and onion.
Prime Rib &amp; Stout Pie
family made tacos
Tomatoes and Cottage Cheese with with Balsamic and Basil. Toasted Sourdough. My Go-to Breakfast.
an omelette with ricotta, cherry tomatoes and pea tendrils on sourdough.
Baked potatoes and pork rolls
Gordita bites: refried black beans/jalapeño/manchego cheese
Rumchata cupcake
White bread boule...forgot that my stencil of a rose would be destroyed by the bread splitting when baked. Still love the look.
Bavarian cheesecake.
Macaroni beef soup
Cheeseburger stew with ground beef, bacon, onion, broccoli with a cheddar cheese base.
Learned something new during quarantine.  Beef Bento Box!
chicken chapli kebab
Dorayaki with Anko filling
Cheddar cheese, pickles, slaw, and pork belly burger.
Buffalo chicken burger with homemade ranch and baked fries
Triple Bacon Double Cheeseburger
my thanksgiving bird! Recipe from Bon Apetit in the comments
Thai-fried rice w/prawns and peas.
Short rib grilled cheese
"" Hakka Chili Chicken
Copycat Steak'n Shake Frisco Melt
close up of a  3-tiered chocolate fudge cake with espresso buttercream, decorated with biscoff cookies and chocolate espresso beans
sausage beans toast eggs and potatoes
pollo a la mexicana
Loaded potato skins.
-Baklava Cheesecake
Chili and skillet cornbread.
Milk Tea
Stir Fry Jumbo Shrimp
Focaccia peperoni aubergines and onions
Reverse-Sear Filet Mignon with Eggplant Pasta with Breadcrumbs
Vegetarian fry up
St. Louis style ribs
Spanish chicken and chorizo paella
brisket seitan, quick pickled pickles, toast and onions.
Shrimp, squid rings, peas, paprika, garlic and some ginger
Thai-inspired Basil Tofu with Roasted Curry Cashews
- Pulled pork (Binging with Babish)
Three Mushroom Arancini
A5 WAGYU from Hokkaido n Kobe
pretzel bun, fried egg with bacon&amp;cheese
Old Bay dusted panko shrimp with cocktail sauce
Cardamom cake with rasmalai filling and white chocolate drip
Philly cheese steak and air fried potatoes on the side
McDonald's Style Chicken Nuggets
spicy pizza toast
Tacos Al Pastor
Jalapeno burger with fried cheese and fries.
Oreo chocolate truffle cake with cupcakes for my bday
eggs, bacon, and garlic cheese knots
Tofu and vegetable stir fry
About to hit 375 degrees
Waffle Cookie with syrup glaze &amp; butter frosting
mound em and pound em microgreens on a turmeric egg everything bagel, mt hood
Oreos!
Beer butt chicken
Pierogis
Braised pork enchiladas
Amazing  Greek feta potatoes Recipe. I came across this channel and it makes amazing food. This is my favorite!
Peach cobbler cheesecake.
grilled steak and veggies
bolognese with homemade pappardelle
Curry pumpkin, spinach &amp; quinoa
macaron shells
Mediterranean plate (rice, lamb w/ spinach and onion, tomatoes, hummus, feta cheese and pita bread)
Cheater shrimp Pad Thai with extra peanuts
pan quesadilla
Cream cake with blueberries
Spaghetti with  tomato sauce with grated Pecorino Romano
Biscoff cookie butter blondies
Spaghetti and Italian Sausage Meatballs
Thanksgiving charcuterie board
Fine Traditional Vietnamese Food. Visit the Japanese quarter to experience this little hidden gem in Ho Chi Minh City. Seriously some good food.
Rolled Chicken Tacos Taco Bell
The birthday cake for my son
Basil clams
salami with chocolate
Bento with Pork Tonkatsu
Venison Steak, Mashed Sweet Potatoes, Tomato Basil Sauce, and Onion.
Dinuguan is a Filipino savory stew usually of pork offal (typically lungs, kidneys, intestines, ears, heart, and snout) and/or meat simmered in a rich, spicy dark gravy of pig blood, garlic, chili (most often siling haba), and vinegar.
Spanish Omelet for Dijous Gras
teriyaki salmon, stir fried ginger broccoli, home pickled carrots and tamagoyaki.
Marble Cake Recipe | Zebra Cake Recipe | How To Make Marble Cake |
Coffee
And I’m happy to see you too.
buche de noel
Chicken Fillet Burger &amp; Spicy Wings
Smoked turkey and baby backs, bacon fat fries w/bacon gravy, sweet potato, roasted kale, and Mac and cheese.
Noodle chicken soup
Penne Alfredo with Garlic and Herb Chicken
5-layers lasagna with sausage, ragù, eggs and smoked caciocavallo cheese
Cop in 'compromising position' in viral video interdicted - Jamaica Observer
we ed pizza
Try to earn
Garlic Pickles Recipe!
gnocchi, morels, crawfish, champagne butter sauce
made Chicken Parm for the fam
Murtabak
Matcha cake
Hot Grilled shrimp to go with snow storm in NE
Roasted chicken with fettuccine Alfredo and carrots.
brie and jam tarts, still bubbling hot
Tuna Salad
Pumpkin Tonkotsu Ramen with Squid Ink Noodles
Pizza from scratch. This is my second attempt and I am very proud.
By far the best burger I’ve ever cooked
Tonight’s  dinner. Not bad. I forgot how many rules there were 😑
NY Style cheesecake with ganache, whipped cream, and mini chocolate chips
Half a 1 lb. Flank Steak with French Fries and a Salad
Cowboy cut for my birthday  versus my SO’s steak
Glazed Porkchops, Roasted Vegetables, and Rice with a Pan Sauce
Cranberry Orange Scone
Red snapper Tacos
Korean style oven ribs
HEALTHY FOOD
Lemon ricotta pancakes
bacon pancakes with skrewball peanut butter whiskey syrup
Air Fried sweet chili wing
Rasta Pasta, Jerk Chicken and Mac&amp;Cheese
chicken taco
Little Lunch Salad
Hot Chicken
Cast Iron sirloin mid rare
a burger with loaded fries
Buttermilk pancake stack.
Cauliflower pizza crust with fresh mozzarella and balsamic grilled chicken 😋
Char Siu Pork
Purfect sausages
I ate some  chicken burgers with the family this evening.
Applewood Smoked Maple Bacon
Oyster Omelette
ramen ☀️
Chirashi Bowls
Crispy-Skinned Salmon over Garlic-Parmesan Risotto with Lemony Asparagus
veggies pizza
Onion Cream Sabzi | Onion Malai Sabzi | Onion Sabzi
Eggs benedict with salmon
Ramen Eggs
Risotto alla carbonara
I  some wings.
deep fried mac &amp; cheese balls
https://ift.tt/36hidC6
gyros platter
pumpkin-shaped calzones and pizza.
Pork belly with chilli jam.
Been terrified to but finally made a (simplified) version of my great tia Filomena’s  lasagna. Rest her soul I hope I did her proud &lt;3
Teriyaki Salmon w/ Brown Rice, Asparagus, and Broccoli roasted with garlic
Texas Smoked Pastrami
Breakfast spread with a beautiful view from Bangkok, Thailand.
https://ift.tt/3oXI1KU
Kapsalon, this is a Dutch fast food dish, its kebab meat + french fries + (optional) vegetables smothered in cheese.
Conchas (Mexican Pan Dulce)
Guinness Cottage Pie
Black-eyed peas and cabbage.
My neice made these sweet donuts.
sushi craving satisfied
Stovetop popcorn w/ butter, cheddar cheese, honey, salt and a little cinnamon
Kielbasa, peppers, and onions on a bed of rice
Sushi Platter - inner ring is spicy tuna, followed by veggie rolls, California rolls, and finally shrimp rolls.
Roast Dinner (Chicken &amp; Gammon)
Crispy chicken tenders
Kids Pasta with Light Sauce
Korean Fried Chicken Bibimbap
fig and ricotta pancakes w/pistachio praline
Red Velvet Cupcakes with Cream Cheese Icing for the COVID isolation patients in the nursing home.
Steak, Omelette, and toast
fish burritos
Chicken Curry with rice.
Mr. Meeseeks Chicken Nuggets
Three different pizzas
Fried meat / ham and cheese empanadas
Pistachio Cake, Baklava Ice Cream, Coffee Macaron, Cream
Pork teriyaki with prawn and vegetable tempura
Turmeric/Carbonara-Style Linguine
Spicy sesame tuna salad with toasted garlic flakes and a citrus arucula salad
Braised Lamb shank
Airfryer cob dip!
Bomb with chocolate, blackcurrant and salt caramel ganache
Gingerbread Scone, with Maple Cream Cheese Icing
Steamed gyozas
Chinese scallion pancakes
sesame buns, fried chicken, pickled mango, Calabrian chili, avocado and spicy Mayo.
BBQ Chicken Naan Pizza w/ smoked gouda and cheddar
Garbanzos con tomate
Australian Wagyu Picanha ms8
spicy Ahi poke
Tiết canh Vịt Việt Nam
Veg Ramen
Herbed soft scrambled eggs with salmon cooked in beef fat , goat cheese, and a charred French baguette
Taco night with carnitas, chicken, and grilled asada - rice and refried beans on the side
Milanese panettone. Christmas mood is on!
grandmothers green beans and bacon... mmmm!
This loaded roast beef sandwich from a deli in Connecticut!
breakfast for dinner!
No-kill, lab-grown meat to go on sale for first time
baby back ribs and deviled eggs
Veneziane, soft brioche with custard
Scallops
EPISODE THREE of "the sad talkos show" (a show where we talk about tacos) // in this episode i make  korean bbq beef tacos // link to my handmade recipe-zine in the comments // okthanksloveyoubye
Classic Steak and Potatoes
Chateaubriand with Crispy Potatoes
Veal Osso Buco
oreo and raspberry cake
eggs benedict with beef bacon and sausages on the side
Best pan fried Duck to date
Eggplant-Yogurt curry
Sliced Home Garden Pink Brandywine Heirloom Tomato With 4 Peppercorn Grind, Himalayan Pink Rock Salt And A Small Drizzle of Greek Koroneiki Extra Virgin Olive Oil
Chicken Fingers
Pickled peppers and veggies
Bananas Foster sourdough French toast
Leek, zucchini and feta swirls in filo pastry
my attempt of roast chicken on a spit
Tres leches!
onion tart
Fish tikka skewers
Buttermilk Biscuit topped with Fried Chicken, Aged Cheddar, and Sausage Gravy!
Chicken Biltong
Jalapeño Face Pizza.
roasted duck leg and potato gnocchi
Isla Flotante - The Floating Island
Sweet &amp; sour chicken
Baklava Cheesecake!
Kosher Breakfast Sandwich. Egg, Kosher Salami, and a Latke on Rye with Mustard and Hot Sauce.
Beet &amp; ricotta tart with everything (but the bagel) crust
the best Lengua tacos I've ever had; every day for almost 2 weeks now!
lobster rolls
Lock-Down Birthday Cupcakes
Bacon, ricotta, pineapple, and pickled jalapeño pizza 🍕
PB lava cake
PumpkinCheesecake
pumpkin soup with yeast bread and Smokey bacon garnish
Garlic, Rosemary, butter stuffed air fried Cornish game hen. (And finished with homemade vanilla ice cream and brownies) bread was store bought lol
Pepperoni and Pineapple pizza &lt;3
General Tso’s Tofu
cheesy scrambled eggs with ketchup
Tomahawk steak with mixed fries
tomato and beef ragu on fresh pasta
The perfect steak! Friend of a friend cooked this gorgeous
yakiniku/kbbq hybrid
Croissant update
Seared scallops with pan sauce, wild mushroom rice, and blanched asparagus.
Ballpark nacho pizza in honor of opening day
fresh lobster and scallion noodles
biscuits, good butter, jam
Buffalo Chicken Legs
Marinated Portobello Burger
Homemade Prime Rib
Spicy and sweet chicken stir fried with long beans and stink beans (petai), topped with some dry shredded pork
Peanut Butter, Chocolate Chip, and Marshmallow Cookies
Easy Noon Gora (Yellow Pitta) Recipe
lotus cheesecake
Grilled miso onigiri &amp; dashi miso chazuke based on the manga Misoshiru de Kanpai!
chicken shashlik
Find Your best Towing Options Now &amp;#8211; Story County Family
Spinach Chaat
Amazing Italian Fried Seafood Cuoppo with Focaccia Genovese
buffalo wings for the super bowl
New York Strip in Cast Iron
a banana Crêpe
Sea snake at Narisawa in Tokyo earlier this year
Stuffed chicken leg, mashed potatoes, green beans
A 3ft (36 inch) pizza
Capellini con limone e aglio
Boar sausage in sourdough bun with pickled onions
Rye Digestive Biscuits
Sourdough turkey
Heirloom Tomato and Scallion Pie
Ham and Eggs
late night flatbread pizza using random leftovers from the fridge.
Oysters on Celebrity Edge
the ugliest chocolate cake I’ve ever made
Pan Fried potatoes with a homemade special sauce!
congee from Ho Hung Kee in HK
Video of cereal box dominos at Watervliet school goes viral, fundraiser for food pantry - WNDU
NYE Charcuterie Board
Butter Lamb &amp; Garlic Cheese Naan
Lobster Ravioli
Wild smoked salmon sandwich
Taco Bell got rid of the best item on their menu, so I had to take matters into my own hands...
pulled pork &amp; caramelized red onion flatbread with mozz &amp; cheddar.
Medium effort breakfast
Malteaser Cheesecake
Pizza Burger
Kimchi Fried Rice
deep fried shrimps with honey mustard
🍕🍕🍕
Onion Bread
THE HIRSHON LAOTIAN SPICY DUCK AND HERB LARB – ເປັດ ລາບ
Homemade burger with bacon and Cheddar cheese.
Korean styled stir-fried pork ribs
this chocolate doberge birthday cake.....my names Brian btw.....not Ryan
Ham and cheese lunch with Coleman’s mustard
Country Style Ribs
Salmon and Mushroom Risotto
Chicken Caesar Cups
surf and turf - crab salad burger in homemade brioche buns
Swedish Gravlax
gingerbread cheesecake
Blueberry cake
Cantonese beef brisket rice noodle soup
Boneless ribeye surf n’ turf
gluten-free, dairy-free chicken pot pie.
What a Fruit Chat &amp; Golgappa is here in our City
crabbie patties
salmon with guacamole and poached egg
BBQ Apple Pie
Boston cream cupcakes
Omelette on falafel hummus spread toast, with some sliced kiwi. Not a bad brekkie.
Cocoa butter cookies!
bacon
Southern Grits
Pizza with fluffy crust
Chicken Pizza Masal
Frito Pie aka Walking Taco
Prime rib steak, Cajun shrimp, Cesar salad,and garlic bread
Special Banana Muffins with Reese and Chocolate Chips
red and yellow sriracha made from home grown chillies. Fermented for a week
boiled Chinese dumplings, red vinegar, grated ginger and black sesame oil dipping sauce, lao gan ma chilli sauce
Went to Washington to try this chefs pasta carbonara it’s amazing
Chicken and vegetable stir-fry
PB&amp;J with Blood Orange Slices and a Strawberry Rose.
Traditional pizza
Crepes with Bananas and Strawberry
Made Chili Taco Lasagna for my daughter
This is how our 5th grader is coping with Monday today. If wearing a plague doctor mask while remote learning doesn’t sum up 2020 schooling, I don’t know what does.
Thai fish cakes and parmentier potatoes
Borscht w/Beef
Edam on Harvest Rye Grilled Cheese, Parmesan crust
Doughnut Muffins
a German meat platter
pizza Juliana: 5 day fermented dough | pancetta | mushrooms | capers | spring onion
Margarita pizza with fresh mozzarella and basil straight from the garden.
Birthday Cupcakes
Afghan bolani, panfried flatbread stuffed with spinach, green onions, peppers, and cilantro, with garlic coriander yogurt sauce
Mongolian Beef with Stir Fried Broccoli and Rice
Pasteis de Nata
Focaccia Genovese with Caprese Salad
coffee cake
Veggie Ruben with Arugula. My Go-To Sandwich.
Texas Pecan Cheesecake
Crab Omelette
A follow up. Oak smoked tomahawk steak.
My HUGE Charcuterie Table gift to my family for Christmas!
Hausgemachte Bratkartoffeln mit Hackfleisch, Paprika, Sahne und Zwiebeln
Cherry Cheese Danish
russian popcorn
K2煮場 - EP03 《椰香雞湯》
Seasoned Crouton Crisps
Soy Schnitzel with fried potatoes
Bacon, Egg, and cheese on pane toscano
Cuiburi de viespi (Wasp Nests) traditional Romanian cake
Duck confit with brussels sprouts and mashed potatoes
Beetroot hummus
2 style Shrimp Cocktail
Glazed Pecan Salad with Goat Cheese, Pears, &amp; MAPLE Balsamic Vinaigrette
Sweet Potato and Black Bean “Burgers” with mashed avocado
Kimchijeon, or Kimchi pancakes, made with kimchi I fermented myself and served with a gochujang maple syrup and cabbage/carrot slaw garnish
Pork on the farm in Cuba thanksgiving throwback.
India seeks to signal normalcy to OIC with envoy visit to Jammu and Kashmir - Times of India
this pepperoni roll from West Virginia.
Delicious Shrimp Souvlaki-Recipe Shrimp Skewer With Sauce-Shrimp Skewers
Cake
prime ribeye and asparagus. Made the asparagus on the traeger to give it a nice Smokey taste. The ribeye was cooked on the Weber.
Addicted to making  macarons 🤯
Tarte flambée with pear salad on the side
Yo Mama Burger from BFF Norway
台 灣 瀨99850約 學 生 妹 奶 水 辣 媽 氣 質 空 姐""
Fig and pistachio feuilleté Hazelnut financier and crispy pastry top with yoghurt sorbet
Chickpea &amp; Zucchini Curry
All calls from Jio to other networks in India to be free from Jan 1 - Hindustan Times
Pita Bread and Hummus Arrangement in my Plate!
Pork katsu
Sourdough square
whole Chicken Tikka Masala cooked on the rotisserie.
New Years Eve Charcuterie for One. Happy 2021 Reddit!
Prime rib burnt tips bennys.
Creamy chive salmon w/ roasted Yukon potatoes and zucchini
Birria Quesa Taco and Pico de Gallo
fried chicken birthday cake ice cream burger
Kaopia Asian Soup
Chocolate muffins
spaghetti squash with roasted brussel sprouts and shrimp
Molten Lava Cake
iQOO 7 with SD888 and 12GB RAM spotted at Geekbench - gizmochina
chicken shawarma quesadillas
Maryland (Vegetable) Crab Soup
Wife modified a 5yo birthday card for my brother's 35th
surf and turf with asparagus from our garden.
Smoked some thin cut steak, served on toasted french bread, with mushrooms, onions, peppers, and muenster cheese. This was absolutely delicious
Red wine braised short ribs
Apple Pie
Thanksgiving spread, clockwise from bottom left: cornbread dressing, lemon garlic green beans, chicken gravy, braised greens, homemade cranberry sauce, roast chicken, buttermilk pie.
raisin bread
Two pizzas, four flavors
Chicken Vindaloo, Garlic Chili Naan Bread, and a mango lassi
Cranberry Jalapeño Cream Cheese Dip
Spicy Kimchi Korean Ramen with Soy Sauce Egg
Elk w parsnip and butternut purée, vegetables and cranberry  this alone at 2am lmaooo
Naan bread pizza 🍕
Baked Potato Soup
Matcha Cookies
Kimchi consomme, slow cooked pork belly.
Chilli con Carne
Star Wars Cake
My second Pizza Napolitana
Char Siu and rice
Traveler's Stew
Double cheeseburger.
Hot Dogs, 2x Mustard/Relish 2x BBQ/Honey
Oreo Balls
Honey Sriracha Turkey Meatballs with Broccoli and Garlic Basmati Rice
https://ift.tt/3r5d9ZF
Hickory Smoked Bacon
the crispy platter
Hot chicken sandwich
Mary‘s cherry cake
Yule Log Cake
Mac n Cheese
Tayaki
Butter chicken and naan. It was a good dinner. Butter chicken recipe from NYT in comments.
Korean spicy udon with bacon and egg.
Chocolate Chip Cookies, Freshly Baked
Spaghetti alla Carbonara
Recipe of a French Exclusive McDonald's Sandwich : " Le Croque McDo " - English subtitles are available ! Bon Appétit !
Ancient Armored Skin: Study Shows Why Crocodiles Look Nearly Same Since 200 Million Years Ago | The Weather Channel - Articles from The Weather Channel | weather.com - The Weather Channel
Pork chop, tater tots and corn on the cob
burger bun, burger sauce (with caramelized onions) &amp; smash burger!
chili pie
My Wife’s  Bûche de Noël
Oreo Birthday Cake
Sustainability Is the Top Priority in These Frozen Food Applications - Yahoo Finance
chickpea nuggets
NYC Dessert Idea -
Irish Soda Bread with Raisins
Semla buns, filling is whipped cream cheese with cranberry jam.
Hummus with roasted chickpeas on top (added rosemary to the roasted chickpeas)
12hr Smoked Pork Shoulder * Pulled Pork*
Light cake with ricotta and dark chocolate
Cinnamon rolls!
Ready for the oven Christmas morning! Loaded baked potato casserole!
Fried pork chops
Chicken bacon gnocchi.
Chicken Tikka Masala
Chicken, salsa verde and cheese tamales
goulash last night when my GF made her family’s recipe (sry bad pic, was too hungry)
Persian Rice with Eggplant &amp; Okra split pees and lamb
“”, Stewed bean dish in clay pot from Turkey
Blueberry Buckle
Feta and mozzarella stuffed lamb burger with bacon and oven-roasted potato wedges.
spicy chicken sandwich

Boneless pork ribs with quinoa and rice
the famous salt bae steak at Nusr-Et New York
Spicy wonton soup
bosc pears poached in red wine
“” Overnight Oats Recipe with Almond Milk, Yummy Three Toppings to add
Brisket Sandwich with Mustard Sauce
Mushroom ravioli in a sage brown butter sauce with crispy sage
Grilled Chicken Shawarma, Misto Alla Griglia, Roasted Carrots, Falafel, Quinoa, Harissa and Tatziki
Tiramisu topped with fried cannoli dough
Mochinut
What do you guys think about this ramen pizza?
Swiss Mountain food
Pan Fried Salmon with Lentil
Frogmore Stew
Sopressata, Salame, and Crushed Garlic Pizza
Fillet Mignon, scallops, blue shrimp, brusslsprouts and mashed taters
Apple pumpkin strudel.
A Hot Chicken Sandwich
I will eat my hot freshly baked double cheese pizza right on the kitchen counter
CHEESY DYNAMITE FRIES - Easy recipe
Bouillabaisse w/ halibut, shrimp, and oysters.
Tex-Mex style quesadilla
Braised lamb shank over mashed potatoes with asparagus
BBQ chicken pizza with homemade BBQ sauce, carmalized onions, roasted red peppers and spinach.
Birria Taco Tuesday
eggs on toast
Beef Tenderloin
shrimp Alfredo capellini in a garlic butter bread bowl
Máy xao chà bông 10kg, hay còn gọi là máy rang ruốc giúp rang nhanh, đều và tiết kiệm thời gian, công sức so với các cách rang chà bông truyền thống bằng chảo, nồi nhỏ.
Sous vide smoked pork shoulder
Cranberry Walnut Pork Roulade with Brussels Sprouts and Rice Pilaf
Sweet Potato Soup inspired by leftovers than had to go.
flæskesteg
Gordon Ramsey recipe of poached egg over mushrooms sautéed with bacon over brioche.
Cherry macaron
Vegetable Medley with Sausage and Chicken
beef fillet, red wine sauce, potatoes and brussels sprouts
tonkotsu Ramen, 6 minute egg
Sous vide steak finished over lump coal with garlic herb compound butter and a neat bourbon.
buttermilk chicken nuggets
Pork belly kimchi stew
Fried chicken burger with bacon, cholula sauce, cheese, grated parmesan and onions.
Spaghetti sauce
Pan Seared Steak topped with lobster meat in a garlic cream sauce &amp; Garlic Mash potatoes ..
Pizza Supreme
Bacon, home fries, scrambled eggs.
Korean Beef Bulgogi
Homemade Fresh Macaroni/Habenero Cheese Sauce/Garlic Flank Steak/Green Lime Chili Sauce
Napoli Salami Pizza
Sweet Potato Risotto
Truffle &amp; Cheese Fries
Chicken with Buttery Orzo
smoked pulled pork on a toasted onion roll
Christmas shortbread cookie dipped in chocolate 🤤
air fried fish and spinach
La Charlotte aux Fraises (Strawberry Charlotte) - Ladyfingers soaked in strawberry punch. Filled with Bavarian cream and strawberry compote. Topped with fresh strawberries, rose buds and chopped pistachios.
Made a cake for my daughter
Chèvre Blueberry Salad
Avocado smoked salmon egg toast
- My take on Eggs Benny with avocado and parmesan (sauce on bread)
Cheeseburger with potato buns
Korean Kimchi-Noodle Stir-Fry
Garlic and herb tortillas. *wipes drool*
black raspberry chip cream puffs!
Filet mignons with fondant potatoes
Blackberry &amp; Anise Parfait
Chicken Stir Fry
Turkey pho broth in the instant pot, using leftover turkey carcass and giblets.
(homemade) fried tofu and glazed veggies on buckwheat noodles
sloppy Joseph’s and potatoes wedges
Susz konopny CBD, kwiaty konopi, Konopna Farmacja, konopny sklep
Burgundy Mushrooms
Brioche fresh out the oven. I wish you could all smell them!
10 Amazing Health Benefits of Carrots
- Fried Chicken Thigh Sandos w/ Pikliz and Cilantro Mayo
Cramped in a cage, video of birds being released goes viral - The Indian Express
Pancetta and basil gnocchi
Carbonara with parsley.
Salmon Cooked Inside Hot Car in Texas!
"Kaiserschmarrn", a popular sweet dish from Austria
Chicken &amp; Coconut Curry topped with roasted Peanuts and spring onion
Stuffed Peppers before baking
Carne Asada Steak w/ Melted Italian Cheese &amp; Salad
chinese food !
Covid-19 vaccination in India: Nationwide dry run starts tomorrow. Details here - Mint
Had the chance to make my own breakfast sandwich for a change. Happy Friday!
A homemade Donut
i made chicken loempia’s!
Cookie Dough Cheesecake Bar
Pecan Sticky Buns made from leftover oatmeal
Roasted "Peri-Peri" turkey
Fruity Pebbles Cheesecake
sweet sour chicken
Sweet Cinnamon Nachos with Fruit salsa &amp; Caramel sauce
my 10 year old dog
chicken spinich peppers over rice
Cheese French Fries
pizza with burrata and pancetta.
Scotch Ale BBQ Ribs with Sweet Potato fries and Rice
Salted Brown Butter Pecan &amp; Chocolate Blondies
Potato Sallad
Pastrami
Leftover steak sandwich with peppers onions and habanero cheese
Shrimp and Andouille Gumbo
Tbone and some other stuff
tortellini!
Steamed Buns
Korean BBQ Wings!
Black Forest Gâteau
Bacon and Cheese Cobb Loaf
Huli Huli Chicken
Acorn squash ravioli filled with goat cheese, herbs and ricotta served with dandelion pesto and roasted pumpkin seeds.
fish, potato, salad and dill sauce
Mushroom Bourguignon with breadmaker bread
Broccoli, cheddar, and ham egg muffins.
Korean and Bbq wings
beef and pork burger with bacon, red onion, and homemade Big Mac sauce.
Vegetable Stock Paste
3 Ingredient Sugar Cookies
poke to stay fit :)
Tried making “caged” apples. 10 for taste. 7 for appearance?
Salted Egg Yolk Macarons
Pierogi filled with sheep cheese
baby eclairs filled with Nutella and biscoff cream
Tonkotsu Ramen with Karage
Roast Chicken, Pork &amp; Beef, Roast Potatoes &amp; Pumpkin, Smokey Corn, Honey Carrots, Cheesy Cauliflower &amp; Broccoli Bake - Christmas Australian Style!
soft shelled beef tacos
Tag
sourdough pretzels and beer cheese
spaghetti and meatballs
SoHo Hotel Confrontation: Parents Of Keyon Harrold Jr. Speak Out Against Racism After Woman In Viral Video Charged
Steak n eggs with asparagus.
Spicy Chicken Sandwich with Spicy Black Garlic Mayo, Buttermilk Slaw and Pickles on Homemade Bun
guacamole in the works. One of my favorite food pics I’ve taken...
Udon noodles, edamame, green beans and teriyaki faux-‘beef’ meat substitute in miso veggie broth.
Poutine.
a Chicken burrito
Two Ways Pork Adobo
Environment and Water Minister hopes woman in viral video who dumped trash into river will apologise - The Star Online
Adam Ragusea's Chicken cacciatore with cauliflower mash
🥐 All right here are my handmade croissants today.
Pork Dolsot Bibimbap
Grilled Lamb
Khi Công Chúa Lọ Lem NỎI GIẬN !! Món Súp từ GIÀY THỦY TINH - Thánh Nấu Ắ...
Dried rose slab with nutty delight Recipe
NY style pizza
Used our Thanksgiving leftovers to make turkey ramen
Breakfast Skillet
Juicy burger
Spaghetti ice cream . Frozen plate with a bed of whipped cream, vanilla ice cream, strawberry sauce, fresh strawberries, hot fudge and shaved white chocolate.
Bavette Wagyu KBBQ
char siu pork butt and belly
Coffeeeeee- coupon code to save money on mistobox!
Leftover steak and eggs
Bao buns - pork belly and fried chicken
Duck egg scramble with prosciutto bacon
Qnion Soup,
Truffle Eggs Benedict
Canadian Man's Bhangra Dance After Getting COVID-19 Vaccine Goes Viral. WATCH VIDEO - India.com
My New Year’s Wellington
Chocolate Italian Cream Cake
Treat box
Red sauce pasta
Pineapple Chicken Bowls
bacon cheddar sandwich
moose chorizo
Gorgonzola Onion pizza
Thanksgiving Dinner Plate
baked a blueberry pie!
Vegetarian Pot Pie
Beef Lasagne
Orecchiette and grilled fish wrapped in banana leaves
Baked ziti with hot Italian sausage!
Creamy Tomato Soup and Irish Grilled Cheese
Chicken Keema and Veggie Pulao
Dinuguan
Smoked Brontosaurus Ribs
Democrats ask FBI Director Wray to open criminal probe into Trump after leaked phone call - NBC News
Pizza with White sauce, mozzarella, bacon, pulled pork, red onion, dill pickles, and mustard sauce.
Bacon, Basil, Black Olive, and Onion Thin Crust Pizza
babka🤎
https://ift.tt/370fUnu
Pink Pearl apple.
Meatloaf and glazed ginger carrots
Salmon and crab cakes
Egg stir fry-filled egg rolls
Ricotta gnocchi and pees
donuts with vanilla creme pat filling
butternut squash rigatoni- house made whole milk ricotta,crispy pancetta, pomegranate infused cranberries, roasted almonds/pepitas and fresh basil
Avocado Salad
Chocolate fed Japanese A5 (top) and Kobe (bottom). S and P the choice for me, pan seared, I would have taken a picture of the final product but I was busy eating and feeding. “Panned” out nicely, bah dum bum.
Beer cheese nachos
Filet Mignon and Lobster Tails with a honey ginger salad.
One pot potato masala - easy and simple recipe
popcorn chicken
Salmon Coulibiac (from Shokugeki no Soma)
Passion Fruit Coconut Dessert
I live for Mediterranean food
Grilled steak and Asparagus with Cheddar/Mozzarella cheese melt
crab cake benedict with home fries.
tomato soup
Carnitas tacos with refried beans and rice.
Flank Steak Enchiladas, Rice &amp; Beans, and Guacamole Salad
Walnut and Raisin cookie
Meatloaf with a sweet chili glaze served with seame broccoli and ginger rice.
Forest beef cheek parmentier
Spanakopita, Aged Cheddar, Salami and Havarti.
Brisket Po’boy with garlic aioli garden tomatoes pickled jalapeños spring mix lettuce
Trianon chocolate cake — almond biscuit base, crêpe dentelle and praline chocolate, chocolate mousse on top
Mini breakfast pizzas.
Steak tacos
Teriyaki chicken
Fish Taco
Butterfinger Cheesecake
Harvest loaf cake
marshi
Salmon patties, "chanchanyaki" vegetables, Japanese milk bread buns
Quesabirria Tacos and Consome
Libanese food
Baked Potatoes With Polish Sausage And Caramelized Onions
Buttermilk Fried Chicken with Mash Potatoes and Gravy
Muffins
Classic Clubhouse Sandwich
Chocolate Chip Cookie Recipe. See full recipe on @ishti_eats on instagram
chicken the way mama made it
sign this guys food petition
Crème caramel
In N Out Style Burger Sans Lettuce with Fried Egg
smash burgers entirely made by my 17 year old son.
Honey Glazed Gammon
chicken nachos
ice cream/sorbet trio
Matbakh boutaina""
Grilled ribeye steak
BBQ Smoked brisket sandwich
Bacon &amp; Brie Burger
Salmon
"Steak and Chips" - Cabernet Braised Beef Short Ribs with Parmesan Polenta Fries
Teriyaki chicken, crispy potatoes, veggies and purple rice
Colorado Butt.
I made chicken thighitas with queso fresco and a roasted salsa.
grilled chicken kebab and prawn
Seafood gumbo w/oysters, shrimp, scallops, calamari, clams, mussels, and smoked pork sausage.
LAUSD Coffee Cake
T-Bone Steak
Filetsteak with French Fries and Beans
Bi colour Croissant
1/2 cookies &amp; cream 1/2 maple praline
Pasta with Spinach and Tomato Sauce - Flavor and Health
perogies
Pulled pork burger &amp; grilled squid
Hot Chicken Loaded Fries
Hua Juan (Chinese steamed buns with scallions)
hard candy
Grilled chicken with chipotle cream sauce, French fries and macaroni salad with slushy fruit punch.
Red Curry Beef with Rice
I make a delicious Zucchini Bread With Chocolate Chips. What do you think guys?!
Korean style spicy beef ramen
peppermint mocha cookie with candy cane
Antojitos
Chicken Parmesan with Penne
I made chicken pot pie with cheddar parsley biscuits
Acadian Rappie Pie
Cracker Barrel Macaroni
Cake with crunchy chocolate chips
Caprese Salad w/ Prosciutto &amp; Baguette
How to make a Delicious "" Cake easy recipe
Seafood Phad Med Mamuang. (Stir fry seafood with cashew nut)
Sweet and spicy beef jerky
Homemade bao’s filled with braised porkbelly, daikon carrot pickle, cucumber, spring onion and hoisin sauce
“Tandoori” chicken thigh with grilled Brussels sprouts and red pepper
Ramen: 10-hour bone broth with miso, Mushrooms, Bok Choy, egg, pork shoulder
very saucy bucatini all’amatriciana
Smoked jerk pork belly tacos with Caribbean salsa.
Moroccan spiced butternut squash soup with coconut ginger cream, pistachios and pomegranate!
camping charcuterie and cocktails
Grilled bacon and blue cheese sandwiches on homemade sourdough with kimchi fried rice.
Eggs Norwegian
waffles with M&amp;Ms, chocolate sauce and ice cream
prawn stir fry
pork tenderloin grilled and seasoned three ways
Meatballs sandwich
Pork tenderloin Wellington
Deviled eggs 🥚 🍳
Lamb in the romertopf
Burger with homemade buns, pickled onions, and pickled jalapeños
The Perfect Scrambled Egg
Pork shoulder, pork belly mac n cheese, green beans
filet of chicken in sauce of garlic
Filipino Chicken Adobo with Moroccan carrot salad, and jasmine rice
Cast iron pizza
Pepperoni / Pickled Jalapeno Pizza
Miso Tonkotsu Ramen
Prime Rib, Yorkshire Pudding and Twice Baked Potato
Eggplant mozzarella roll
Ligurian squid nigiri topped with shiso, yuzu peel and unpasteurised caviar
Mushrooms on toast with homemade sourdough
Banana cream pie with biscuits
Sour Patch Kids in Mountain Dew
Tiramisu Cheesecake
Turkey Pot Pi
Meatloaf with a tomato balsamic glaze and sautéed asparagus
egg fried rice
Muffins with Condensed Milk
Bell Pepper Egg Boats Breakfast ideas healthy recipe #Delicious #meal-plans
I cut a few corners and used a chicken but I made Thanksgiving dinner yesterday. Apple Crisp not pictured
Rocket and Goats Cheese Salad
tacos with homemade feta-avo crema, pickled red onion, charred sweetcorn, spicy chicken and topped with sriracha Mayo
pad thai today! There’s no recipe because I used canned pad thai sauce and kinda used whichever meat I had in the fridge and throw everything together😌
Curry with Tonkatsu
Orange Chicken!
Passing London Lockdown painting these Christmas Watercolour Sugar Cookies
whole grain bread
Dry aged ribeye made in the Beefer top heat broiler. Perfection in 4 minutes.
wagyu carpaccio
Heart Brownies
gingerbread biscuits :)
Huge Stuffing Sausage Rolls (leftover pork and sage stuffing in puff pastry)
Pumpkin Bread Muffins!
Dum Biryani
Vanilla Opera Cake.
stroganoff with couscous and...sausages
Coconut Curry Ramen with Hoisin Roasted Tofu
This is my first project for culinary class, what to you think?
Sous vide turkey seared with torch.
Mexican pizza
Fettuccine noodles with a meaty tomato sauce
Salmon Roe on  Sourdough and Homemade Mayo
Sabudana Wada
carnitas tacos from my favorite taco truck
chickpeas, eggs, avocados and halloumi brunch
Chicken Kabsa
Snap pea salad with radishes, mint, and pickled mustard seeds
crab macaroni with corona beer 🍺
Caprese melt with bacon
Boudin Benedict w Bean Sauce.
Classic 'Leftovers' toasted sandwich with gravy.
meat balls
Grilled Sourdough French Toast, Pickled Blueberries, Three Berry Compote, Reduced Maple Syrup, Egg Casserole Cutouts, Mimosas with Louis Chalvon Grande Réserve Brut, Peppered Thick Cut Wright Brothers Applewood Smoked Bacon with Fresh Berries
regular mozz pie with garlic from Olde World Apizza in North Haven, CT
Waffles and bacon breakfast
Chinese food - Sichuan shredded pork and black mushroom with garlic sauce
Udon with pork belly
Fatty Tuna
strozzapreti
ravioli
tuna pasta
coconut curry salmon
Hand pull noodles with garlic and dry chilli pepper
Vietnamese dessert Che
pan-banging chocolate chip cookies
Salt-and-Pepper Fish
I made  mushroom sauce, it turned out well. Gradually learning more..
Beef Tapa ❤️ I love cooking for myself, though I tend to overcook sometimes. Better if I can share it with someone 😊
TEACHING KIDS AND YOUNG ADULTS SELF LOVE IN THE KITCHEN
the Argentinian choripan! 🌭
sous vide chicken marbella with root mash.
Burger Board
Ricotta and caramelized onion tortellini topped with sage butter.
Gorgonzola, shallot and mushroom encrusted Prime NY Strip
Potatoes Gratin Dauphinoise
New York Strips
avocado salmon sandwich
Grilled cheese and bacon sandwich
At home Tequila adobe chicken tacos
Pan Fried Potato Bread
Halloween inspired Pumpkin Pasta!
Stop going out to eat! This  salmon and veggies took 15 minutes and under $20....
12 Hours baby baked ribs
A seafood based Indian street food vending unit
Cardamom-Ricotta Stuffed French Toast with Honey
Murgh Makhani aka Butter Chicken
A grilled chicken sandwich
My Favourite Winter recipes
My daughter is 8, how’d she do? Carolina BBQ Wings with Baby-Red Fries.
Lopsided Doughnuts
cranberry sauce with tart cherries and mandarin, bacon-wrapped herb butter turkey breast, corn pudding, mashed potatoes, dressing and green bean casserole
carne asada tacos
Seared ahi tuna, with roasted mini eggplants and crispy baby bok choy. (Ingredients sponsored by the clearance bins at my local supermarket!)
Some juicy burger and fries
Carnitas, fry bread, and rice (didn't make the beans)
Churros with Mexican Chocolate Ganache
flatbread pepperoni pizza
Stuffed mascarpone, parmesan, spinach and beef shells.
Followed the YouTube video from Sam The Cooking Guy and made Kelley’s favorite steak aka rib eye with a rich sauce
chocolate macarons with blueberry buttercream for🫀-day. Turned out pretty ok 👍.
Appetizer platter (tomatoes &amp; cream cheese swiss rolls, greek meatballs with chicken and feta cheese, cured meats and hard cheese)
Cranberry apple pie i made back at Thanksgiving!
poor man soup/ pot-au-feu de poulet
Parmesan crusted sourdough with salami and white cheddar
Salmon Sashimi
Lebanese Maamoul
Buffalo chicken with beer cheese and BBQ chicken pizzas
Thanksgiving Dinner in Brazil
Saffron Chicken Tikkas
Roasted cauliflower and grilled bone-in buttermilk chicken (beginner/tips welcome)
Sliced beef tenderloin with rosemary
BBQ Chicken Calzone
(image quality isn’t amazind and Pro/Chef isn’t the best tag as I’m no pro) Southern Fried Chicken Burgers on Ciabatta served with chunky chip and coleslaw.
Spicy Momos Chutney
Ho fun soup
Chicken Pot Pie Biscuit Bake
doughnuts and doughnut holes
Monogrammed chicken pot pies
Roasted Duck Legs with Potatoes and Fried Rice
crockpot roast, potatoes, carrots, and onion
Chicken noodle stew (more pics in comments)
Irish Breakfast
orange juice
Pecan Pie
Burgundy pepper Sirloin steak with hassleback potatoes and hot honey roasted vegetables
Maple Rosemary Turkey Meatloaf with Garlic Parmesan Cauliflower Mashed Potatoes and Mixed Green Salad with Lemon Vinaigrette
MEXICAN CHICKEN TACOS
Vegetable Soup and Cornbread!
one of my best charcuterie boards.
Chili Lime Chicken and Peppers
Duck a l'orange
Chocolate marshmallow dessert pizza.
crazy hamburger is crazy
big ol’ 20 oz bone in rib-eye!
Ghost pepper General Tso's Chicken
Acorn squash and chanterelle mushroom risotto. And a nice bottle of wine!
penne with creamy sauce with sausage and fresh basil from my own small garden.
Fig and prosciutto pizza
Reverse seared Tomahawk. No real recipe, just salt the day before and cook to medium rare.
Tomato chutney
Chicken Parm &amp; Spaghetti Bolognese
Côte de bœuf
26oz Sirloin reverse seared to perfection
Pan-seared Patagonian toothfish fillet in butter and mango salsa
Pistachio Pinwheels
I ate this last night and got a lot of compliments :) so I thought I’d share here
Sushi 🍣
Pinto Bean and Swiss Chard Enchilada’s
Moderna begins testing its COVID-19 vaccine on children - Al Jazeera English ST Patty’s Lucky Charm Cookies
Steak Au Poivre
avocado 🥑 toast
flank steak from the rgill
a Mayflower (Thanksgiving meal) Calzone
Fusilli with pancetta and peas
Cool Ranch Nachos with Cheddar Cheese
Baked Smores
"Army Men" Cookies - Pumpkin Spice &amp; Matcha
an attempt at Hummus
Mustard-glazed corned beef, duck fat potatoes and cabbage, roasted carrots and beets, and soda bread
my grandmas stuffing recipe this year! Unlike hers mines vegan.
chocolate eclair and “lobster tail” cream pastries
Saw this at work on the bulletin board, made me giggle
Lemon pepper Snapper (fish) with avocado and baby spinach.
Cua Rang Muoi (Battered &amp; Fried Crab)
Because someone reminds me of Thailand!  egg yolk ice cream!
Gnocchi in a creamy herb sauce with sundried tomatoes
Open-Face Steak Sandwich (Prime striploin, garlic mayo, carmelized onions) with Roasted Cauliflower in breadcrumbs
prime rib turned out amazing. Applewood smoked. Salty and crunchy rosemary and garlic crust.
Mapo tofu
Nutella Danish
Thanksgiving Turkey Dinner
Strawberry - Vanilla Panna Cotta with homemade chocolate hearts garnish
Stuffed anaheim peppers with shredded chicken, bell peppers, onions, queso and topped with mozzarella.
Salt and Pepper Shrimp
Viral TikTok Video Shows Moment Two-Way Mirror Is Exposed With A Potentially Criminal Past - BroBible
Slow cooked ribs
Tastiest Sushi and Beyond In Oregon at Mame by Chef Taro Kobayashi
Steak Fajitas
Al Pastor Street Tacos
Tortilla wrap
I Spent My Cake Day Making Pies!
Pastrami, Fried Eggs &amp; Leaves
Almost-Vegan Cheesecakes
Chocolate filled bricohe french toast, whipped cream and raspberries. Topped with icing sugar and honey.
- Lego Batman Cake (Chocolate filling)
Buffalo chicken strips with blue cheese and chives
Brain and cheese for Halloween!
30oz Porterhouse
Chicken Parmigiana and rose’
" Singapore Style Noodle
Mushroom and "sausage" pizza.
Alice and wonderland themed birthday sugar cookies
Ricotta Gnocchi with Pesto
made some Baileys infused coffee cake this evening.
Coffee Christmas Bells with Chocolate Clapper
Black pudding, red chili and honey cast-iron pizza
Sourdough Discard Everything Crackers
Hot brown sandwich
Sourdough bread with truffle oil brushed on top. With a mix of goat cheese, marscapone, orange zest, orange juice, honey, and lavender spread. And then flambéd peaches in jack daniels, with shredded basil! My appetizer for date night! (Amateur)
Fancy Top Ramen Lunch
seared steaks
kung pow chicken
Pork stirfry with peppers onions and sesame seeds.
Hawaiian ham Fried Rice
SUSHI
Miso Black cod (sablefish), pickled cucumbers, and bok choy with oyster sauce
Fresh pesto, made the old fashioned way.
Pasta arrabiata bake smothered in provolone, mozzarella and topped with pepperoni.
I scalloped potatoes. Think. Yes. That's Gruyere cheese over the top.
Rack of Lamb with Roasted Veggies
Fajitas with seasoned chicken, peppers, red onions, iceberg and sauce
Peking Duck Pancakes for one
Taco grilled cheese with a side of fresh cut and baked sweet potato fries.
hoisin duck and spring onion bao
😍😍
Pretzel dogs with pretzel bites.
Cinnamon Rolls with Chai Frosting
English meat pies with green peas and homemade “HP” sauce
Coconut Macaroons
Who needs IHOP?
Boneless wings stuffed with cheesy Alfredo pasta.
Short Rib Pot Roast
Salad w/ Blade steak
Chicken &amp; Broccoli Casserole
teriyaki shrimp with soba noodles
Stir Fry with the wok!
Bahn Mi eggs Benedict
Quesa Birria tacos 🌮
Grilled fish and rice
some ribs and onions
Potato Perashki
Radish Chapatis
Palermo-style steaks
TRIPLE CHEESEBURGER WITH BACON
Tony’s Chocolonely
Mexican Rice, Chicken, Chili Relleno, Mexican Sour Cream
Sausages, some grilled and some smoked
Lemon Pear Dutch Baby
Vada Pav
Super easy  chicken, broccoli &amp; onion stir fry.
this omelet on toast
Chiles en Nogada
Venison Sausage Zuppa Toscana
Homemade Bitch Lasagne
Who loves tacos
Rigatoni Bolognese
Twice Cooked Turkish Ravioli With Two Sauces | Manti
Cauliflower Bites
bacon and egg breakfast in my new apartment!
Sunday Brunch Board
Baked Tornado Potatoes
Thick Chuck Roast Chili w/cornbread, cheese, Nacho's &amp; Guac
Chicken tikka masala
Cranberry, blueberry &amp; mixed nut cinnamon granola
Chicken pesto wrap
unlimited spring rolls
Cardamom cinnamon/sugar apple twist
Vietnamese pho
this pizza with pepperoni, serrano pepers, and hot oil
Here's a copy of "Deliciously Easy KETO Recipes by Rachel Roberts" I hope you find it useful!
Pain au chocolat.
Meat and mushrooms pizza
Pot Roast
Deviled eggs and veggie’s
Bone broth, how’d I do?
Grandmas Pozole
Food Friends| Conner's Birthday Bash
Chicken Parmesan with Fettuccine Alfredo and Peas
- Mafaldine pasta with Scilian pesto and greens.
Chicken and mushroom pie with a puff pastry top, buttered green beans, honey roasted parsnips and creamy mash
Cinnamon Roll Apple Pie
penne brocoli chicken with cheese with Alfredo sauce . To do every week .
Chocolate Cappuccino cheesecake served with fresh Kahlua whipped cream😋
Stir Fried Snow Pea Leaves in 10 Minutes!
Mutton Fry Thali
Stuffed zucchini with garden fresh zucchini tomatoes.
Beef and Brocolli Chow Mein
persian saffron rice with tadigh
Burgers, brats, shrimp, corn and chicken.
Salmon&amp;Shrimp bonbon / Celeriac Soup / Beef Wellington with glaced carrots / Crème Brûlée
Successfully pulled off my late mom’s mint meringue recipe
Dumplings in Chilli Oil
Chicken and sweet potato coconut curry
traditional/homemade goulash
Halal Chicken over Rice
xixipee virus
Scallop Spaghetti in Creamy White Wine Butter Garlic Sauce with Capers &amp; Roasted Garlic-Parmesan Zucchini, Squash and Tomatoes
https://ift.tt/2YrQsCo
Chocolate Swiss Roll.
my  vodka sauce :P
Shakshuka &amp; Garlic Naan
Sheng Jian Bao(pan-fried pork buns)
Made the best pretzel bun, apple wood cheddar mushroom and carmalized onion sauce. Garlic and crushed black pepper aioli, bison and lamb burger mixed with fresh oregano, and plethora of seasoning (salt, pepper, basil, sage, rosemary) then thick ass apple wood pork belly bacon!!!
My Christmas stars.
Gulab Jamun
Mince Meat Wrapped in Bacon
Spicy Mexican Pepper Steak with extra crispy tortilla chips
- LEMON AND THYME ICE TEA
Bean and cheese nachos with pico de gallo and guacamole
Speedrun croissants
Fancy take-out nigiri sushi
2 day ferment Sourdough loaf
My type of perfect Chocolate Chip Cookie
Chicken Kebab Pizza with Hot Sauce
Omelette au fromage
Smoked Wings with an Apple Jalapeno BBQ Sauce
Carrot Halwa | Gajar Halwa
Chinese style crispy skin roast pork
Mirchi ka Salan (Hyderabadi Food)
pork loin - mashed potatoes - corn&amp;portobello sauce - fried shallot.
chicken Grill
Penne with charred bell peppers and cherry tomatoes in wine
Beef tenderloin steak with foie gras, confit garlic and brown jus
torchiette with crisped prosciutto, marinated Hatch chile peppers, and a fresh San Marzano tomato sauce
Cinnamon Swirl Bread
Gravlax
BLT Sandwich with oven baked bacon
butter rolls
Cranberry sauce! Never made it before.
Gnocchi and Italian Cheesy Chicken
chorizo + sweet potato hash
Feijoada -- black beans mixed with pork parts
Negi-Goma Style Ramen
Apple Wood Smoked Pork Belly Bites
Tonakatsu Ramen
Dynamite Shrimp 🍤
Nashville Hot chicken sandwich
No Cooking Chocolate Sweet 10 ని.ల్లో కుక్ చేయాల్సిన అవసరం లేకుండా చేసుకునే చాక్లెట్ స్వీట్
Molasses Oat Bread
Slow Cooked Pork Shoulder
crumpets!
No Witnesses Called In Trump Impeachment Trial, Final Arguments Begin - NDTV
shrimp and grits and it’s glorious
funfetti cupcakes
Cake for my dads birthday ❤️
Hibachi and sushi
Bosnian Food in America!
Happy Canadian Thanksgiving! Excuse me while I go pass out
Korean Soy Garlic Fried Chicken
Spinach cream with onions and gnocchi
Giant platter of sloppy nachos my wife made for my birthday. It was exactly what I wanted.
Blood orange juice
- Healthy Village Roasted Curry Powder by Grandma Menu
Curries
Toufu
Made some awesome breakfast today. Eggs, everything bagel with cream cheese, and Italian sausage
Chicken breast and tender with veloute
fried pork cutlet and curry
Beef stroganoff over mashed potatoes
Oatmeal Cream Donut
stone crab claws
- Spaghetti &amp; Meatballs with Garlic Bread
Tacos de alambre
Fried chicken sandwich, sriracha mayo and red cabbage salad on a brioche bun.
french toast with berries
Braised Beef Short Ribs and Cheese Grits
Steak Donburi
I made ratatouille!
Chocolate-covered sandwich cookies topped with crushed candy cane and sprinkles
Vietnamese style beef carpaccio
Palak paneer
Rabokki!
Cubano with Mojo Pork
apple, date and pecan crisp. Cooked 28lbs of apples from our little tree this weekend.
Mac N Cheese
Tempura with Rice.
Salami and Rocket Pizza
Double-coated, Triple-fried Japanese Fried Chicken
Irish Angus Beef Burger.
Famous Al Pastor Pizza
Spicy Tuna Poke
chocolate pistachio macarons with dark chocolate ganache
egg white, spinach, roma tomato and fresh moz on an English muffin
Dressing Waffle with double smoked ham and an egg
Breakfast Tacos
beautiful Christmas cookies
shows you how to make the perfect steak just like they do in a restaurant. The secret tip revealed.
My coworker asked for a pink and gold Minnie Mouse cake  with a cookie topper for her nieces birthday. I think it turned out pretty good, but the baby hated it 😂 (she had never had cake before and was not a fan right away).
Strawberry funfetti cake with strawberry and buttercream swirl and strawberry crunch filling.
Toast and Ice cream
ASMR Comiedo - Eating Plants vs Zombies In Real Life - KlunaTik Style/ M...
Kimchi chicken salad sandwich. Pan roasted chicken breast, diced kimchi. Crispy skin and sliced tomatoes.
Pan-fried Red Fish &amp; Cod fillets with grilled asparagus
Cheeseburger  with pepper relish, and lettuce
Four-Layer Vanilla Cake with Strawberry Buttercream
fried chicken ramen with steamed dumplings!
Izmir style melt
Mojo skirt steak, rice and beans, Mexi-slaw and habanero sauce
I love roastbeef and sweet potatos:)
ramen at my local restaurant with the homeless
Simple and PUFF cake
chili oil-roasted salmon with egg salad and homemade sweet/spicy pickles
Gingerbread Vault Boy
Beef stew (from Red Dead Redemption 2)
Crispy Duck Breast
Mini Beef Wellington
Mee Goreng
K2煮場 - EP01 《鮮活蟹肉黎麥沙律配白酒啫喱碗 &amp; 黑白溏心玉子(黑白皮蛋) 》
Greek Meatballs and lemon butter orzo
Meatball Soup
Louis Armstrong loved this dish so much he used to sign autographs “Red Beans And Rice-ly Yours”
Cheese, onion, and corn omelette with potatoes.
Boiling Crab Sha-Bang!
cheezy turkish sucuk toast
Charcuterie Board
Miso-Braised Eggplant
Strawberry Thin Mint Tart
Herb Crusted Lamb with Pan Roasted Potatoes and Leeks
Christmas Cappuccino
Quinoa Breakfast Bowl
Traditional Nabe.
Chile en Nogada from a couple of weeks ago
I made a buttermilk brined whole roast chicken!
Hawaiian Pancakes
Tacos de bistec en pasilla con tortillas de maiz caseras (slow cooked short rib tacos in a pasilla chili sauce with homemade corn tortillas)
How to Make  Peanut Butter Cookie Fudge Bars
Egg bread, pumpkin soup, and vegetable casserole
Butter Chicken and Garlic Naan, with Pickled Onions.
Classic Butter Croissant
Smoked Lemon Jerk Texas Redfish
When you open hot spicy snacks in class
These cinnamon rolls from a can.
Squid ink pasta with Sea urchin and white wine sauce, covered with green chillies, spring onion, sesame seeds and toasted panko crumbs. All homemade 🍜
Yellow fin tuna niçoise
Rorolo with ricotta, mushrooms and spinach
Made a lovely Ratatouille for my family!
chocolate cake going for that McCain Deep n’ Delicious vibe.
Chicken Devil | Chilli Chicken | Devilled Chicken | Srilankan Style |
Flat crust pizza
Burger with raclette cheese and potatoes
Pork Belly Ramen
breakfast tater tots supreme
Red Snapper Crudo with leche de tigre, aji amarillo and Asian pear
#PawriHoriHai: Netizens groove as Mukhate gives twist to Pakistan girl's viral video - BW Businessworld
https://ift.tt/3kC7cRQ
Swedish meatballs!
Crispy rice with spicy tuna
Mini peppermint bark cheesecakes with white chocolate mousse topping.
Drunk Grandma pizza with vodka sauce
Teriyaki glazed salmon steak garnished with scallions and roasted sesame seeds.
Local Bison Tenderloin Tartare with Fresh Egg, Horseradish, Worcestershire, Dijon; Cornichons, Capers, Shallots and French Bread
Fish burgers
Air Fryer wings, before and after saucing with Old Bay Hot Sauce
“” omelette
Italian marinated chicken, green lentil penne in a light Alfredo sauce and roasted broccoli
White Chocolate Pistachio Ice Cream
Rigo’s Combo Pizza.
Pasta with goat cheese and blackened shrimp.
Puff pastry Pop-tarts
Chicken fillet stuffed with mozzarella, bacon and mushroom, coated in Cajun spice breadcrumbs.
Triple chocolate ganache cake from my neighborhood patisserie
Chicken Curry Recipe Indian Style
a katsu sandwich.
Sea food in Asturias, Spain
The Ribeye in Mexico City is no joke;
Oriental food platter
Rice casserole with sour cream espuma and raspberry ice cream
Chicken and tortellini soup.
Italian Buttercream Recipe
seafood cajun copycat of Boiling Crab. I bought 2 jumbo crabs, 2 lbs of shrimp and 2 lbs of clams. Add lots of butter, lots of garlic and Zatarain cajun spice mix.
Mexican Picadillo
Seared in cast iron and then baked: brined for 3 days firemans chicken with roasted herb potatoes and carrots with a balsamic reduction drizzle
My favourite little burger shop in Stockholm 👌
Chicken &amp; Rice Soup with Kale, Carrots, and a Southwestern twist.
Eye fillet with mushroom jus and mustard green garnish.
Seared Pork chop, parmesan crostinis, on a bed of cheesy bacon garlic potatoes. Topped with Truff sauce.
Holiday Cookie and Candy Spread
My 2020 Dark Chocolate Monolith Birthday Cake  by my +1
vegetable barley and bean soup
Pulled Pork Tacos
Hot chicken sandwich
CALZONE
Ichiju-Sansai with Brûléed Miso-Yuzu Salmon
Pressure-cooked Chuck Roast
Blueberry cake with almonds essence and coconut
Handmade Valentine’s chocolates
egg lettuce tomato, with melted cheese.
- Lego batman Cake - fchocolate inside)
Spicy Roasted Red Pepper Soup
The H.O.B. (Ham Oyster Biscuit)
My own take on  Hawaiian Huli Huli wings
Ribs with jalapeño pineapple salsa and pickled onions
Mie Goreng with Steak
Pork Bao ripped in half 😩
Japanese A5 Waygu Steak &amp; Sushi
Campfire S'mores
Veggie Roast
chocolate yule log cake
Avocado, eggs, cheesey meatballs and mimosas 🤤
Shrimp Tacos with Pickled Red Cabbage and Avocado
Simple Chocolate Soufflé
So yesterday i was lazy so instead of making many normal sized pieces i just made a huge one and called it a day (May look small but Thats half a kilo of beef with spice inside it)
Baklava Tiramisu
homemade pan seared steak last night. Not sure I can ever go back to the grill
Chicharron Mac and Cheese.
Rainbow roll
Pot Roast Hash with Poached Egg
Apple Pie
Cornbread
Big Mac with Steak Fries
Hida Beef
chicken curry hand pies with creamy mint chutney
gnocchi with tomato and pea sauce.
Flash Fried Smoked Turkey
Tonight’s dinner with a view!
meat lasagne
https://ift.tt/36n93Ej
Fried chicken burger with mushroom sauce
peas with tomato and ginger slices + cherry Kompot tasty as hell
How to make Pancakes
Red Lentils Soup
duck Christmas dinner
Reverse seared ribeye
Chocolate Muffins
OMAD.  Chicken adobo, mackarel in tomato sauce, quesadillas, oxtail ramen. Dinner for 3.
Thai red curry seasonal veggies, roasted tofu, basmati rice, pickled Thai chillies
Chili Con Carne (chili colorado)
A Gouda Video!
Beef with mushrooms, mashed patato and baked vegetables
Roast beef sliders
Braised Venison Shank Nachos
2 different types of personal pecan pies
BBQ Pork pizza with red onion and cilantro.
7 pound Prime Rib after I pulled it out of the smoker. Smoked at 300 F for 3 hours using mesquite and apple wood, and basted with smoked garlic butter every 30 minutes.
“”Brioche
Made soft pretzels yesterday, used extra for breakfast today.
Detroit Style Cheeseburger Pizza
Rustic baguette
Banana and dark chocolate marbré.
Oven buffalo wings
Linguine with homemade tomato sauce and a poached egg
6 minute eggs, baby oyster shrooms, pâté on top sourdough
beach cheesecake
fish, lentils, pumpkin, spinach and snow peas.
Stuffed butternut squash with ground beef &amp; spinach
Deconstructed lemon meringue pie
chicken and sautéed veggies
Hot Italian beef sandwich
French bread
https://ift.tt/2Y4SuID
Typical Hungarian Market Food! (Budapest Central Market)
Dutch oven garlic rosemary bread
skillet fried Buffalo chicken sandwich on brioch bun.
Chicken Roast
an Açaí bowl
Dumpling Soup w/ homemade pork dumplings
Did those potato go bad?
I set my Turkey on fire but I saved it by basting it every 5 minutes in a mixture of lemon juice, avocado oil, garlic salt, onion salt, cayenne, and pepper.
Love a good cheese stretch
Strawberry Romanoff
Bucatini Cacio e Pepe
decorated coconut sugar cookie
Calories in 2 serving(s) of Lasagna - Five Cheese.
New Zealand rock lobster with a local zinfandel that didn’t last.
a homemade hummus fresh rainbow salad with mixed seeds
Crumbed froached egg on a bed of bacon marmalade and a toasted English muffin...
President’s Choice Decadent Chocolate Chip Cookie Pie
Vietnamese che
Roasted Garlic Focaccia (Kenji Inspired)
I made Action Bronson's quarantine sandwich 🥪
beef, capsicum and noodles stir fry
Cookie Sandwich with Nutella and Whipped Cream
Are these little fruit cup things supposed to have weird chunks in them?
chicken/sausage/okra gumbo
Turkey, spinach &amp; quinoa mini meat loaves
Applewood Smoked Spare Ribs
Cheese Pizza #2
Sweet potato and black bean tacos with pico de gallo.
Rocky Road candy
Cajun blackened shrimp fettuccine w/ spinach, and a sweet kale Greek salad
Dressed herring salad
Egg Cavatelli and Squid Ink Mafaldine.
Smoked tomahawk steak with potatoes and Brussel sprouts
Pizza with special cheese sauce, smoked ham, mushrooms and olives
garlic chicken piccata
Vermicelli Pudding
Red wine braised duck leg and lentils with a herb vinaigrette and bulgur
HMU DORDASH METHODDDDD 10$🤪🤪🤪🤪 homemade method 2021🤫 what i ate
Chicken Ramen!
Dampfnudeln with Vanilla Pudding, Raspberries, Blueberries and blue Agave Syrup
I Tried a text book it was tasty
Snake River Farms New York Strip
Chicken Cordon Ble
Hangover Burger w/ Cheese sause
crab
I found this from a cook book from the 1800"s
Valentines dinner
this beauty
Steak, Mushroom and Ale Pie.
Chocolate cake (good for health, especially in the morning when our metabolism is fast).
"French 'Texas Toast' Toast".
short ribs with honey soy glaze
My keto burger either roasted broccoli and bacon
salmon with lemon dijon butter
Dark chocolate cupcakes with raspberry buttercream frosting
Salt and Vinegar Crisps
Persian-style beef stroganoff
Authentic Street Tacos
200 grams burger with caramelized onions, blue cheese and wild mushrooms.
Rosemary, Thyme, and Tomato Focaccia.
Fresh ginger juice
Sweet orange chilli mayo sauce with Shrimp and steamed Rice!
Poached salmon with hollandaise sauce
Hi foodies - Could you please help me with a  FOOD-passion-project survey below? It's a 3-4 min page to complete and would help me a lot! See link below. Thank you
A sushi sashimi combo
3 Ingredients Chocolat Cake
Beef Udon Soup
Fried Shrimp Po'boy
Korean Style Corndogs
Wellingtons
Paneer satay bowls
Strudel, you can’t forget the cream.
Prime Rib, mashed potatoes and candied brussel sprouts
creamy baked Brie with cranberry walnut chutney and homemade artisan bread
Meringue
weird things
Spicy Three Cheese Mac n Cheese
shrimps
Grilled turkey and mushroom burger with roasted potatoes and broccoli
aged eggnog
Beef on Weck with provolone cheese.
Crème brûle
Burger Pasta
Potica, happy New Year!
Pan-Seared Salmon with soy Mustard glaze.
Poke Bowl (Left) and Korean Chicken Kimchee Bowl (Right)
Slow cooked pork belly with honey soy glaze and roast potatoes
Tandoori Chicken Wings
Mini Charcuterie board for quarantine style Thanksgiving
rice and cabbage which I miss because We ranout of food and we have a debt in the store where we get food from,the problem was to go and explain what happened so that we can get more food and pay later due to uncertainty,we don’t have enough funds for food.😰😰
yet another bread. I need a new hobby
Pão de Queijo
Coconut floor mini pancakes
Peppered streaky bacon on lightly toasted, thick cut, sour dough bread, spread with balsamic, oven roasted, cherry tomatoes and butter cooked spinach, finished with a seasoned fried egg.
Homemade biscuits
Friendsgiving
Curry tonkatsu
Pizzas
Steak dinner meal
Lamb Curry.
Hearty Chicken Soup
Roast Beef Sandwich and French Onion Soup Dip
New York style cheesecake with strawberry topping
sesame crusted Teriyaki tofu bowl
air fried leftover smoked chicken thighs
cherry smoked and rubbed pork ribs with truffle Mac and cheese
Rouladen
Spanish Frittata -
Sautéed chicken with a bourbon cream sauce and wilted spinach over jasmine rice.
Middle Eastern Pickled Turnips &amp; Beets
cinnamon roll
fried mochi balls with fresh cream
AAA sirloin with garlic and thyme; my wife made me for my birthday
Asked SO for a  charcuterie for New Years Eve. She did not disappoint.
elotes with Cotija cheese
Matcha Ice Cream with Anko and Dorayaki
Sri Lankan deviled pork
Desserts
lamb loin with sea salt and garlic.
Ratatouille!
Loco Moco
Poutine &amp; Jambalaya
Rosemary breakfast hash
Reverse Seared Ribeye Topped With Shiitake Mushrooms in a Red Wine Reduction on Top of Roasted Broccolini and Polenta
grilled mahi tacos and cilantro rice
abalone congee
Caramel apple cheesecake with a vanilla wafer crust 😊
The "Fantastica" pizza with mortadella, stracciatella and chopped pistachios
Taco Salad
Blueberry Astro Boy Pie
shrimp sandwich!
steak tacos!
*** Christmas log with praline ***
Black bean burger with jalapeño cheese kaiser roll and fries with tapatio ketchup
Amazing Fried Italian Cuoppo... with Focaccia Genovese :P
xiao long bao
As a chef I always like to provide. A meat and cheese platter goes a long way.  so much of it myself, lol. What’s your favorite type of cured meats and cheese?
Beef with broccoli
Pesto and Feta Cheese Pizza With Arugula
Jampong
Well begun is half done
Hake with burned cauliflower, pea pure, White asparagus, parsley Oil and homemade hollandaise
Bread and cupcakes!
Steak filets with hand-mashed potatoes, asparagus, and black-cranberry purée.
‘Cocky Teryaki’ bowl
Caramilk glazed donut
Smoked Squab
Christmas Eve Surf &amp; Turf
Breakfast Burrito
Diwali special thali
banana bread pudding
Traditional English Fry-Up
Nacho styled - Mac ‘n’ cheese
Teriyaki Impossible Burger with Quick-Pickled Vegetables!
Oat chocolate malted milk
Grilled bacon cheeseburgers with 1000 island.
Hida Beef at a restaurant in Takayama
- chargrilled octopus
🍕🍽🤪🏃🏾‍♂️
Second try making lamb rack. W/ roasted veg and a parsnip mash.
I made this recipe today.. Guess what with just one ingredient... Guess what that one ingredient is!!!
🍄 Mushroom Magic 🍄Shaggy Ink Caps for Breakfast
Pesto porkloin pizza with sun dried tomatoes, fresh motzarella and balsalmic glaze drizzle
Chicken parm
Hungarian Goulash!
Singaporean curry fried rice noodles
Glazed Salmon with potatoes and broccoli
Salmon over a bed of Kale &amp; Fried Garlic with a side of Goat Cheese, Cucumber, and Tomato Quinoa
Shrimp sandwich
Over Easy Kale Omelette
some fried onions with a hot dog and mustard
Meat and Cheese platters
Meatballs in Chipotle Sauce
delicious catfish nuggets easy to make for dinner
Affectionate Serval Couple
Lava cake with ice cream
Nigiri Sushi with Rainbow Roll
Broiled butterflied lobster tail over black seafood risotto with pan seared dry scallops, shrimp, and sautéed broccolini.
Beef steak with roasted potatoes with parmezan, trufles, garlic and parsley.
Fresh spring rolls with peanut butter sauce
Sichuan hotpot at home
Thai Green Chicken Curry
Lasgna with full of meat
Braised Mushroom over Rice
Beer Battered Chicken Strips
Full english
Tom Yum Goong
Cheese Chips
Potato pop]
Banana Cherry Granola Bites
Caramelle Pasta
Who u looking so good for “”
Salami-Pepperoni Pizza
Dauphinois potatoes
eggs, bacon, tomato, green onion on rice
Linzer cookies
Filthy blue cheese on steak
Irish Tea Cake
grilled sea bass with mango salsa and black rice on the beach in Barbados.
Vodka pasta using my dad's recipe
Made a pizza for dinner today
Frijoles Puercos con Huevos (Pork-Braised Butter Beans with Scrambled Eggs) and Salsa Escabeche
oven baked steak &amp; potatoes with a cucumber salad
My first attempt at Brownies
beef Wellington!
Brownie bite samplers for Valentine's Day. Baked and packaged 320 of these for my clinic and squadron
Churros of Christmas🎄
Caprese salad with heirloom tomatoes
Sloppy Joes. I remember these from elementary school. Anyone interested in the recipe?
Smokey tomato soup garnished with homemade bacon, basil, jalapeño, and onion and a dash of our Carolina reaper sauce, 4 cheese grilled cheese on homemade sourdough brioche, the cheeses: Sharp cheddar, Black truffle Gloucester, Pecorino Romano, Brie Gorgonzola
bolognese
Kalbi Short ribs with Okinawan Hot Pepper Rice, Slicy Korean Steak for 1, and a Vegetable Medley.
vanilla chai latte cake
individual cheesecake with sugar cone crust
egg bacon sandwich and potatoes
Beef Burger. 😄
Gnocchi Sorentino

spicy eggplant pizza with ricotta
Fried Rice with Spicy Mayo
simple pasta and stew
Avocado Black Bean &amp; Corn Salad
Brick Oven Pizza
Cucumber juice weight loss
Salmon Belly Salpicao
peking duck, homemade plum sauce, french onion mashed potatoes with homemade croutons, and an everything style tossed salad!
Parmigiana
Grilled King Salmon basted with lemon and brown sugar over sauteed spinach and shallots
Broccoli &amp; cheddar stuffed potato😋
Lemon pepper salmon with sautéed veggies, goats cheese all plated over a bed of brown rice, lentils and tri-color quinoa.
Chocolate Strawberry Steamed Buns
roasted red pepper pasta with baked carrots and sweet potato. Along with grilled mushrooms and tomatoes.
Monte Cristo Sandwich.
tikka masala chicken wings, vegetable curry and coconut basmati rice
Second Attempt making spicy wing's!
Beef and potato stew plus garlic butter biscuits
ham steak
crab boil. My New Years feast
spicy grilled chicken salad
Apple cinnamon baklava with roasted walnuts and pecans, spiced honey glaze
Top Tier Chef Makes BBQ Chicken
Chicken Tagine with Tah Dig
Creamy roast tomato, sweet pepper and garlic soup w/ sourdough grilled cheese.
Red Thai Curry and Naan
Single smash on brioche (thinly sliced onion smashed into the patty), burger sauce, romaine, pickles, &amp; American cheese with a side of tots
ALL FOOD ORDERS INSTORE OR DELIVERY 50% OFF NO ORDER MINIMUM ONLY US STATES KIK: cartersmacks
Chorizo Angus
7 ý tưởng tái chế chai lọ nhựa sáng tạo độc đáo
I ate french onion soup with melty provolone
“Cinnabon” Cinnamon Rolls
Ipswich Whole Belly Clams
BBQ chicken thighs, mashed eggplant with spinach and mushrooms, and basmati scallion rice.
Homemade cheesy Bolognese pasta bake.
Rustic loaf
Grass-fed Uruguay Tenderloin
Lasagne (homemade ragu and pasta too!)
a chirashi bowl and nigiri plate
Chicken fried steak, gravy, and biscuits
spaghetti with Sicilian tomatoes
Sushi and Maki
Figlmüller's Wiener Schnitzel.
Nepali dumplings (momo) with spicy chilli achaar (sauce) and teel ko achaar (sesame sauce)
Toasted croissant with melted camembert topped with lingonberry
Chicken and bacon pizza
Meringues!
Keema Matar
Cinnamon Toast
boiled eggs on toasted sourdough w/chilli guacamole.
Pizza with Garlic Herb Crust
Peach pie
Cheeseburger Deluxe
Delicious potato Knish.
💯İzmir Köfte Nasıl Yapılır | Patatesli Köfte Dizme Yapılışı | Fırında Kö...
Hawaiian Mac salad
Grilled cheese with mustard took me a solid 5 minutes.
Reverse seared Filet and roasted veggies
Spaghetti with Chicken in a cheesy vodka sauce
beetrootsalad with roasted carrots
best part of traveling is the food! Breakfast, private balcony and a great view!
shepherds pie.
Potato crust quiche with broccoli, peppers, and leeks
Mongolian-style Meatballs
White Asparagus with Brown Butter, Ham, Egg and Fresh Herbs
Pork Roast
Chicken, mushroom, jalapeño and onion quesadillas.
Potato Fondant with Strip Steak cut from a Porterhouse and zucchini and squash side
No Fry  Donuts by my 11 y/o son
Braised beef tortellini with caramelized onions and peas in a creamy Demi glacé
Gnocchi truffle fondutta
Net York pizza
Flank steak tacos, roasted corn and pepper salsa, and homemade guacamole
Spaghetti w/ Tuna and Olives
"" how testy food
Valentine's Pizza
tryna be healthy in this new year. kale &amp; feta omelette with sides.
Hawaiian pizza
Shrimp, chorizo, and jalapeño cheddar grits
No gluten, soy, dairy, sugar, corn (or egg) carrot cake
BBQ chicken and tomato mozzarella flatbreads
Jambalaya dish!
shrimp scampi
Gochujang Chicken + Cucumber &amp; Katsu Prawn + Avocado Sushi
Gingerbread house. The windmill spins via a motor I glued on with molten sugar.
Birria Burger
Apple pie egg roll
Brioche Emmental Egg &amp; Spinach Sandwiches
Crispy Smoked Pork Belly
Squid strips.
Chocolate Chip Cake
Lehvain style Chocolate Chip Cookies
how Keto Diet works and how to start burning fats with Keto Diet, You can read it here
Tortellini filled with walnut and rosemary
Leftover ham...and cheese.
Strip steak and fries.
pear frangipane tart
Leftover turkey pot pie
Kongnamulguk — Korean Beansprout Soup
EGG SPINACH &amp; TOMATO BREAKFAST CUP
Chirashizushi
Tomahawk Steaks
Very easy Recipe, you can watch the video for the process
Avocado, bacon and egg salad
Thai coconut curry chicken soup
yogurt, granola, strawberries, blueberries and sliced banana.
Osso bucco
Caramarata
Oreo shots
Braised Short Rib Ragú over Pappardelle
Maple glazed salmon, asparagus, sour cream and onion potatoes, and a lemon butter sauce
Christmas eve eve eve eve eve eve dinner. God I love prime rib.
Friendsgiving Charcuterie, etc. Board
** pizza
Prime Rib
Fried empanadas.
NASA approves 2 missions to explore Sun, Earth's aurora - The TribuneStartupLanes presents 10 most promising startups of December 2020 - ANI News
Avocado Toast with Over Easy Eggs Drizzled with Sriracha Sauce
Seafood Stew
Breakfast board.
victoria sponge cake. Sorry for bad picture
Fattoush Salad with Cucumber, Tomato, Parsley, Radish, Onion, Feta, &amp; Sumac
A
triple yolk egg
Pumpkin Cinnamon Rolls w/ Maple Cream Cheese Frosting
Try This Omelette
braised oxtail stew and oxtail soup
mini chicken pot pies
Dora cake or Dorayaki Without eggs by the kiddo
Beer Pretzels in the Air Frier
An Australian Christmas Lunch: Sashimi, king prawns, ham and potato salad, Christmas Pudding with brandy butter and custard
Chicken Makhani and roti
I call this, Winter in England.  roast chicken and potatoes, veg, gravy, bread sauce, and wonky yorkies as muffin tray doesn’t work
Add wasabi for extra kick.
Crispy Eggplant Parmesan 🍆
I made an oak smoked tomahawk steak.
Triple B Cheeseburger - Bacon, Beyond, Beef Cheeseburger
Filipino BBQ and Shanghai Lumpia
Mc Cum
Orange stir fry veggies with lemon garlic pork and white rice
the start of some good tomato soup
Stir Fried Pork Wrap With Tabbouleh
Golden Pompano with bilimbi, olive oil, tomatoes, onions, and garlic
Hippy Crispy Treats
zoodle pho!
Chinese sausage fried rice
Braised Steak Sandwich
Cake Day Sacher Torte
20 minute crispy potatoes
Triple smashed burger with cheese, onion and a freshly baked potato bun
granola with greek yogurt &amp; fruits
Baked ziti with vodka sauce
Great debate, red or brown? (cross posted)
Egg and sausage hearts
beef chow fun
Yum melon
Crispy Idli Balls Recipe | Steamed Idli with spicy stuffing | Breakfast recipe
Chocolate Baklava
Made a homemade seafood dish for the family! Just found this group so wanted to share it here😊
#koreanfood #britishfood Kimchi scotch eggs
Pork Barbecue
the CA state bird, fried quail
chocolate chip cookies with hazelnut
Turkey Burger
Habanero Pickled Eggs
Taylor Ham and Egg Sandwich
spicey chicken tacos and blue cheese!
Fried some tofu in crushed jalapeño Fritos
Yorkshire puddings. Like baseball gloves.
His and hers cast iron pizza
Best  Simple Ground Beef CasseroleBest Simple Ground Beef Casserole
Dick Dominos
Ribeye
Sweet Potato Casserole
Full English Breakfast
Baked wings. Chopped, baked, sauced.
jalapeño Mac and cheese
New York Strip SMOTHERED with a cognac mushroom sauce, baked stuffed clam, garlic roasted mashed potatoes, Brussels sprouts, garnished with a Norwegian style cheese crisp.
Thanksgiving Ramen
4th journey into my cooking walk about. 1/2 carrot 1/2 chocolate 1 layer banana butter cream top Mexican sheet cake frosting. All home made.
Lamb Rack - Slowcooked for 10 hours, with a sauce inspired by asian cuisine.
I made a Cuban sandwich with homemade pernil (slow roasted pork shoulder).
Cinnamon Stuffed Apples
fresh pasta and vodka sauce
Steak ramen with Miso tare, pickled carrots, scallions, kikurage, nori, bok choy, and softboiled egg
bacon and eggs with toast
Hibiscus donuts.
An array of Indian Spices commonly used in Indian and south asian cuisine
Mini pancakes with berries and figs
Char siu
Smoked Brisket.
Cheese &amp; Ground Beef Empanadas
Korean BBQ chicken sandwich
Pork Loin Roast
Behold... the All-Corner Brownie
Egg McMuffin,
Avocado Toast Two Ways
Shoyu Ramen with real pork broth! Garlic Pepper Oil added. Best thing we’ve ever made :)
Cilbir: Turkish yoghurt and poached eggs
Shrimp scampi mac and cheese &amp; sourdough cinnamon raisin bread.
Please vote for my little cousin in this  cupcake competition, contest ends at midnight est. Thank you all soo much!
I love. Poking  food but I think I’m turning a bit veganish. Fascinating and funny article about vegan diets
brined turkey, sweet potatoes with pecan struessel topping, stuffing, gravy, sprouts,
a garden fresh been on homemade udon coated in chili oil.
Cajun Spiced Popcorn
Pan seared salmon with sour cream chive sauce
potstickers
Smoked Honey &amp; Brown Sugar Ribs. Smoked over mesquite 225 for 3 hrs, then drizzled with brown sugar, butter &amp; honey, wrapped in foil and back in the smoker for another 2 hrs.
Avocado toast with a poached egg
Sausage and Ricotta Pizza - made with cold fermented dough.
Wonton Noodle Soup (Wong Kei, London)
Лего Медовый Чизкейк в реальной жизни - Crazy Cooking ACMP cтоп моушен/ ...
Fishcake!
Christmas cupcakes (red velvet cakes and matcha buttercream)
Black bean soup with chipotle cilantro crema and masa dumplings (adapted from "Cool Beans")
BBQ Pulled Pork Nachos
banana chocolate chip walnut bread
Brisket breakfast sandwich on a baguette
Beef Vegetable Rogan Josh
Garlic and Herb Crusted lamb, garlic Rosemary potatoes, and roasted asparagus
Lobster Dinner
Burger Bun
low temperature cooked Filet mignon with basmati rice and spicy ketchup
Crostata di Frutta
Texas smoked beef rib
No Bake Cookies  with Dark cocoa powder &amp; old fashioned oats
Chocolate chunk, walnut and Reese’s pieces cookies with chocolate wafers
Chocolate crepe roll cake
I Made another one too. Wagyu meatballs, Buffalo mozzarella, and ricotta. (Cheese not homemade)
Lunch Bloody Mary
Mango Kimchi
Italian sandwich
Tropean "fileja" (Calabrian pasta) with Sicilian pistachio pesto, sausage and grana cheese
Thanksgiving dinner I made  includes (chicken, potatoes, green been casserole, salad, corn, gravy, rolls, and charcuterie board)
Fettuccini w/ seared scallops and rosemary beurre blanc
this normal size shawarma with beef, veggies and garlic and persil sauce
Kluna Tik eating AMONG US NOODLES - ASMR Comiendo food mukbang no talking
Bao with Char Siu (bbq pork) &amp; vegan (cabbage + glass noodles).
Mom’s Gamja-tang 감자탕 (Pork Back-Bone Stew)
potatoes, sausage and, eggs.
charcuterie wreath

How to make Easy Veg Dum Biryani | Delicious Mixed vegetable Dum Biryani (Hindi)
Hazelnut praline succès
Banana Bread with Raisins and Walnuts
Really thin pumpkin pie
eggrolls
Lasagna filled with yesterday's orzo and tuna
Sourdough Faccatia with garlic and olives
The rare double handed belly rubs
Pulled pork and coleslaw on milk bun
I have always wanted to share Nigerian Recipes here. Check this out.
Tandoori Chicken Salad
Bruschetta, homegrown basil, balsamic reduction and fresh mozzarella.
Oven-baked pumpkin with pistachio vinaigrette and sirloin steak.
Spaghetti Puttanesca
Sardine à la sauce tomate
garganelli carbonara n seared tuna salad
burrito chicken dinner..!
cracked two eggs, got five yolks!
Cinnamon bundt cake
Testing out new pretzel recipes.
Sausage and Egg Hash
Savory breakfast. French style omelette with Vegemite toast and coffee
Peanut Butter Sandwich with Almond Milk for Healthy Weight Loss
Roasted chicken, steamed broccoli, with orzo (parm, olive oil and spinach)
Smashed burger with poutine ( « Îlot poutine » )
delicious veal stew à la française !
Shrimp Pad-Thai
shrimp potato curry. The most delicious curry I’ve ever made.
Brioche
Snowbits Nougats
Hot Ham and Cheese on Rye with chips and kosher dill spears
Lemongrass chicken vermicelli noodle bowls
BBQ steak and sharp cheddar pizza!
Chicken and pasta
chickpea and kale shakshuka from yesterday! perfect sunday breakfast
Popcorn colorés et aromatisés
Berry &amp; apple crisp with honey pecan topping and farm fresh ice cream
Leftover Lasagna and Pasta with ketchup
mini strawberry cheesecakes. Not pictured: a layer of chopped strawberries a top the crust inside.
Spicy chili
double chicken, triple cheese, pineapple and coleslaw burger.
Steak and Crab
Lime Pepper Chicken with Seasoned Rice
7 layer lasagna, gluten and lactose free
fried zucchini
Cheesecake
monster gooey double chocolate walnut cookie 🍪
spinach Shallot cheese puff Pastries
Butter Chicken with a homebrewed Helles Lager
appropriately patriotic cheesecake
lussebullar (saffron buns)
Chefsteps modernist ‘paella’. Tasty whatever you want to call it.
Eggy Breakfast
Aioli Mushroom Provolone Wagyu burger
Shrimp Pho
Pulled Turkey Wraps with Oatmeal-Croquettes
Porchetta on Christmas Eve
Tomato-egg stir-fry 🍅🥚
Apple Walnut Cinnamon Buns
Crayfish braai/bbq with garlic butter and Ciabatta bread
Panko/breadcrumb Mozzarella cheese sticks and a Marinara/Basil dip (ft. Cheesepull)
bbq baby back ribs in freshly steamed bao buns and pickled veg, fresh herbs
Chicken Teriyaki
Homemade: Salted Caramel Pecan Cheesecake
Korean Fried Chicken - gochujang
BlackPink fondant cake
Broccoli cheddar soup
chicken pot pie soup with heart puff pastry. My kids loved it after playing in the snow.
Chocolate Mousse Cake with Dark Chocolate Mirror Glaze
my 4 am snack after a night shift, grilled cheese made with 14 month aged black truffle cheddar.
Sticky Coconut Chicken Stir-Fry with Basil Miso Zucchini Noodles
Cow shaped macarons for the year of the ox. Happy Lunar New Year!
Dry Aged Bone-in Carvery Rib Roast
chili on rice, Hawaii style
Potatoe wedges
Pork loin, heart potatoes, asparagus and bacon roses
monster burrito
Jellyroll
I saw this delicious food video on Youtube and i find it very attractive . As a foodie , i think i should share it with all of you food Lovers
Samosa and date chutney
It’s Crockpot season! Slow roasted Pernil (pork shoulder) with fried egg, bacon, sliced jalapeño and summer slaw on a toasted ciabatta roll
Neapolitan-style pizza with salami, bufala mozzarella, fried capers
Milky star cookies with a melt in the middle biscoff centre
braised beef with cheesy polenta
We believe that the world is our family: PM Narendra Modi replies to Kevin Pietersen - Hindustan Times
Pesto Fresh Mozzarella Pizza
Sesame cookies
Meat lovers deep dish stuffed cheese pizz
Classic Mac &amp; Cheese
zucchini and scallion Japanese inspired waffle
Chocolate chip pecan cookies
Apple Walnut Skillet Cake
Sous vide tenderloin. 129 F, 2 hrs. Wife’s friend gifted us one of those wands, and my goodness, I don’t think we can ever make steak another way.
bacon and egg breakfast nachos with queso, guacamole, and homemade chips
Maine Lobster Roll 🦞
Pasta al Burro e Parmigiano
He Bao Dan
Chicken Fried Rice
chocolate licqourice fudge cake with my partner! It’s my 34tj birthday! 🥳🥳🥳
Seitan
Ham and Cheese Pinwheels
Snickerdoodles
Oat Milk Market: Information by Source (Organic, Conventional), Product (Plain, Flavored), Packaging (Cartons), Distribution Channel (Grocery Store), and Region — Forecast till 2029
Beef Bourguignon made with beef cheeks.
Vanilla caramel entremet
Oreo-Chocolate-Banana-Cake
Veal with Mashed Potatoes and Mixed Veggies
Chicharrón Preparado
Kabobs and Rice
Top Ten Food for Diabetes Control
Spicy pork ramen
Fresh cherry tomatoes from my mother’s garden
I Was that I Am Worthless.
Braided Garlic Butter Buns Recipe
There are many ways to lose a lot of weight fast. That said, many diet plans leave you feeling hungry or unsatisfied. That’s why I went online, I did some research &amp; finally found one of the easiest ways to lose weight fast. Here are videos which you can watch for FREE.
Cadbury Mini Egg Gelato
Did anyone had calamari fillet with cheese and bacon?
Chicken Cotolleta and Chicken Cordon Bleu
Charcuterie/snacking board and sparkling beverages.
Saturday omelette with parmesan cheese, chives, bacon, brie, mushrooms and tomato
Lobster boil
A meat platter.
chicken quesadillas, homemade sourdough flour tortillas, raw sharp cheddar, and sautéed onion and sweet pepper served w sour cream and salsa
sourdough pizza
Key Lime Pie for my Moms bday
Cajun Chicken Flatbread
French Onion Soup
baby backs
Giant Lobster Cooked at Live Kitchen
fermented black garlic
Cheese fondue with homemade bread
Gooey Butter Cake
Egg Sandwich
Tuna Pasta
Roasted Filet Mignon Tenderloin, with a mushroom brown sauce, cabbage and carrot slaw, and mashed potatoes.
fillet steak
apple pie
Eggs and Quinoa
Croque-adilla; quesadilla with cheese, bechamel, ham
Butter breadsticks
How To Make  Cranberry Meatballs Recipe
Blackened Tri-tip with Chimichurri Sauce
Beef and lobster
Pan seared extra lean top sirloin
artsy dinner
Poblano Quesadillas, Cilantro Lime Rice, and Black Beans with Pico, Guac, and Lime Crema
Brisket tacos
some tasty nachos today
special California maki topped with generous amount of sweet mango
Ribeye with Grilled Zuchinni &amp; Onions
Chocolate Brioche Feuilletee.
Mushroom and béchamel pizza
tamarind glazed chicken and sweet potatoes with spinach and orange vinaigrette
Monte Cristo "sandwich" w/tater tot "bread"
pan seared blackened salmon, spicy roasted fall vegetables, Jasmine rice, and sliced scallions
Cheese board
glazed ham hock, mushroom and chestnut Wellington, potato croquettes, cranberry sauce, honey mustard sprouts with crispy bacon
Herb crusted rack of lamb, with lemon and rosemary potatoes, a roast vegetable medley and a herb jus.
Corned beef and cabbage with fresh baked French bread
Beignets,
Bone Marrow with Toast
Leftovers Sanger. Roast pork leg, crackling, pigs and roasties
Smoked pheasant breast, Brussels-sprouts and burn cream sauce.
Philly Cheesesteak and rosemary fries
Garden basil caprese salad
"Sponge" Cake
pierogies with roasted cabbage and fried shallots
Gingerbread bread pudding
Duck Leg Confit, Black Garlic and sesame bok choy, white rice, pickled red onion, and pickled ginger
papas en su jugo. My riff on carne en su jugo. Spicy comfort food
Duck Confit Poutine
Deep fried potato skins
Musubi!
Canja
Smoked Queso
Arroz con cosas
Bhel Puri
Dills Beneggdict
Buttermilk Fried Chicken Sandwich with Spicy Mayo
Thai peanut chicken bowl
Meaty lasagne, chicken parmesan, burrata salad and butter linguine.
Hongshao Rou (Chinese braised pork belly) 🥴 help me win a contest in the comments!
Monty's Good Burger
Bacon Double Cheese w/ Dill Mayo and BBQ Sauce
Cheeseburger with Jalapeño Lime Aioli
chocolate orange doughnuts
Donuts
Chicken Thigh Stir Fry | Broccoli | Bean Sprouts | Bell Pepper | Spinach | Miso Glazed Eggplant
Green Bell Pepper Quesadillas and Rice
spinach stew. So good.
chocolate loaded banana cupcake
Pink Pineapple
Carrot cake with a different look.
pork Cubano
Butternut squash soup with wild mushrooms
Spinach Rice &amp; Creamy of Veggies
Skull dinner rolls
3lb porterhouse
pulled pork
Chicken Tandoori - 3/4 baked and the put in the air fryer to finish off!
Applewood smoked and roasted Boston butt(pork shoulder).
Baked camembert with smoked bacon and garlic.
Chicken Thigh with Mashed Potatoes
vegan hamburger
Beef rendang
Plate of Anti-Cancer Goodness - Cause Cancer Sucks!
Pineapple Chicken Kabobs!
Guilt-free Keto Brownies!
cheesy mushroom chicken Calzones
“cereal and milk” lemon meringue-in-a-cup
Beef Wellington
steak with cream of mushroom and caramelized onions with a side of mashed potatoes and asparagus
Lemon rolls with lemon cream cheese icing
' liton]'\""
Vegan Nutella alternative
Chicken thigh with smashed fingerling potatoes, mushrooms and peas, and a chicken sauce. Rustic and delicious!
sushi.
Penne al Baffo
Chicken Heart Skewers
Pizza Napoletana
Lunch with friends
Chicken cutlet, bacon, egg and cheese with hash brown on a NY style hard roll.
Baltimore Pit Beef w/mayo, horseradish and raw onions.
Truffled carrots and potatoes and potentially the best steak I've ever made topped with homemade demi glace sauce
Cajun Shrimp Pasta
Three cheese pasta bake
“” I’m 13 and this is my grandpas pond fishing cake the red is Swedish fish
Salmon w/ beurre blanc
Mapo Tofu with Leftover Christmas Leg of Lamb
Sunday Roast Gammon, Fluffy Roast Potatoes, Apple-Sweetened Parsnips, Roast Sprouts, Gravy Offscreen
buttercream tie dye cake with marshmallow fondant flowers
Fluffy Strawberry Pancakes!
flour tortillas
Purple Sweet Potato Pie
https://ift.tt/2YkWEfE
Fried Rice and Pork Bao
Beef hams in a brine.
Picked olives from my backyard and cured them Italian style with oregano, chili, garlic, salt water and oil.
Flan and 3 leches layered cake - pecan crumb, toffee chantilly cream.
20 inch pizza by broad way
Roasted Turkey Bread, marinated in Orange Juice Oyster Sauce Reduction, and Wrapped in a Tasty Bacon Quilt
Shredded chicken tacos Yes I eat tacos with olives
Fall/Winter inspired Charcuterie board
Red burn korean chicken
Cheese, Nuts, and Salami Grazing Table
Thanksgiving turkey this year very proud of how it came out! Pro tip make the night before
Baked Manapua Buns
Chicken drumsticks with spicy bbq sauce and garlic parmesan.
Spicy Buffalo Wings
some half eaten pasta that i made for dinner!
Chili - Chorizo, Italian sausage, plain pork sausage and baby back ribs
Chocolate glaze cake
Made meatball subs with the baguettes that I made today
Pizza Al Pastor
Cardamom-Rose Meringues
Free chefs plate!! Use link for 2 free meals
Fries topped with tandoori cheese sauce.
Pumpkin spice cinnamon rolls with chocolate sauce, popping candy and a halloween lolly
Chorizo pizza
General Tao chicken
Beef tenderloin, butter poached prawn, potato espuma, preserved lemon broccoli, fried shallot rings

Pumpkin spice cookies.
Chicken, olive and jalapeño nachos
Mongolian BBQ
Jajangbap (black bean sauce over fried rice) and Jjamppong (spicy seafood soup)
Pancakes for pancake day in the UK. Shrove Tuesday
Wonton Soup made by my friend, they're too cute...
ribs+ mac n cheese
Dark Chocolate Maple Truffles
Brain Cake
Chocolate Cake with Chocolate Ganache and Strawberries
Kiwi Ice Cream
Roasted Duck and BBQ Pork on White Rice
spicy ramen
Guava cake
https://cutt.ly/cjHzMqN
Apple Pie &amp; Apple Crisp
Wholemeal Emmer sourdough with milled golden flaxseeds
Rolled pizzelles with Nutella mousse.
Gourmet Burrito
kefta sandwich
oklahoma onion burger
a mexican pizza with red onion chorizo, salsa, avacado, and some kinda mexican cheese
Crispy Baked Glutinous Rice Cake
Jelly.
Sai Ua Samun Phrai: Northern Thai Sauage Patties With Roasted Chili Dipping Sauce
Beef Wellington, I was super happy with how it turned out.
Sous vide ribeye, balsamic-soy mushrooms, sauteed asparagus
Tomato, pesto and ricotta puff pastry tart
Double Double Animal Style
Homemade sweet and sour pork with rice
American wagyu ribeye with carrot purée and truffle goat cheese mousse garnished with asparagus ribbons and radish
Chile Colorado &amp; Pozole
Scrambled eggs on sourdough toast
Corn and Tarragon pasta
Bean and cheese Gorditas with Chicharron
Burned Egg
Filipino Chicken Adobo
shrimp fried rice.
Texas brisket.
Masala Mushroom
Pan Seared Meatloaf, Puréed Potatoes, and Mushroom Gravy
Avocado cobb salad
Green pepper, honey ham, sharp cheddar &amp; hash brown quiche
banana pancakes . So yummy
Brownies
Tin Nổi Không: Lina Tik ăn CHÚ LÙN cho bữa tối - Kluna Tik ASMR Mukbang ...
Tamales with green salsa
Duck confit and radicchio salad with balsamic vinegar
1am Banana Bread French Toast
White Pesto Spaghetti topped with Red Pesto Chicken Parmesan. Want to find a way to put green pesto in here somewhere, drop ideas in the comments
tuna on sprouted einkorn sourdough
Cheeseburger and side salad.
Lemon Garlic Herb flank steak
Gluten free toast, goats cheese, caramelised onions and garnished with chives!
Grilled deer tenderloin with savory espresso coffee rub, parmesan crusted squash and french onion fingerling potatoes
Pork Caldereta
Christmas dinner for four. Prime ribeye roast, garlicky broccoli, mashed potatoes and gravy.
Made a pie
Korean spicy chicken sandwich with cheese sauce
Shaved steak sandwich with jack cheese &amp; spicy Giardiniera
Dinner
Cloudberries
Chicken Milanese with pickled onions and roasted tomatoes.
Roasted beef ciabatta sandwich with roasted garlic aïoli, Arugula, baby Swiss, bell peppers and honey mustard /￼￼￼￼ ￼Split pea soup
Smoked Cherry Chipotle Rubbed Jalapeno Poppers
eggplant parm
- Chicken parmesan
Birria tacos with roasted poblano pico
Spinach, ham and cheese omelette.
Bacon and Maple syrup milkshake
Creamy pumpkin soup - keto
Pappardelle with braised short rib ragu
Sticky Toffee Pudding with Ginger Toffee Sauce
Mozzarella sandwich
Hot sausage and melted cheddar with cayenne seasoning on the buns and buffalo sauce with some chives, had a great kick!
Garlic Biscuits
Curry Udon ♡
First time making strawberry lemonade
simple but delicious
Study says recovered Covid-19 patients likely protected for at least six months - Hindustan Times
Borek with Spinach and Feta
Chicken and Cabbage Dumplings
Egg sheets stacked with shallots &amp; creamed spinach and roasted eggplant, tomato, onion and cheese.
Egg and cheese breakfast sandwich
Sour cream pancakes.
Swiss roll with meringue, filling is curd cheese with whipped cream and raspberry jam
Garam masala roasted lamb with a coconut curry sauce.
Cold pizza.
Fried Rice with Chinese Sausage and Shrimp
My family Christmas dinner reheated, my dad dropped it off last night while I was working 3rd shift. I've been working all weekend at minimum wage for the holidays by myself.
pan roasted vegetables and chorizo
honey cornbread with black eyed pea, carrot, and potato soup
Chocolate covered Donuts
Brimstone Bread
7 Cheese Baked Mac n Cheese (Irish Berlinger | Gouda | Cheddar | Gruyere | Pepperjack | Baby Swiss | Asiago | Parmigiano Reggiano
Cream Cheese Chicken Enchiladas!
Lemon ravioli with creamy cheese-thyme sauce
milk bread
Italian sponge cake, filling is vanilla buttercream frosting, lemon curd and covered in fondant.
Pull-apart pepperoni garlic knots
Kinder bueno cheesecake for my birthday!
Walmart Wagyu Strip Steak
bell peppers and beef...
crunchwrap supreme
Phad Krapow Gai Dao and Tom Yam
Paella Valenciana
Rainbow Cheesecake
Pistachio Pinwheel Cookies, adapted from Claire Saffitz
Ossobucco with risotto giallo topped with bone marrow!
Malaysian Indian food.
Baked bean and cornbread bake
Purple Meringue Cookies
beef stir fry I made for lunch yesterday
- Fried Rice with Chicken
Gnocchi Mac and Cheese
Korean Beef, Steamed Okra, and Rice
Roasted Chicken Breast with Gnocchi and Sauce of Garlic, Butter, Wine, Peas, Tomato
Strawberry Roll Cake
Boneless Buttermilk Fried Chicken
cauliflower purée with roasted cauliflower, lemon zest and pine nuts, with home dry-aged ribeye on haricots verts and mushrooms
Southern Style Mac &amp; Cheese
https://ift.tt/2YyFStn
Molasses cookies
Vegetarian Chili
Pan-seared Chicken Breast with Veggie Risotto, Hollandaise, and some chips. , also check my Instagram @ferdinand_2243. Thanks.
chicken nuggets
My second try making sushi
pink and blue bread
pork and spinach tamales with a spicy homemade salsa
grilled pizza for my kids
I’m fasting this Thanksgiving so I only made one little gallon pitcher of  iced vanilla mocha
ham, brie and onion chutney toastie
Neapolitan Style Pizza (in home oven!)
French Toast
Sweet Chili Burger with Beer-battered Potato Twists
Birria Nachos w/ Chipotle Sour Cream Sauce
pickled mostly green tomatoes
Organic Food
Strawberry and Cream Funfetti Cake
Shrimp Tacos with Avocado and Cabbage Slaw
Guac &amp; Nachos
Chicken thighs in saffron and mascarpone sauce
I  baked my best friends wedding cake
eggless cheesecake cups!
It was expensive
Tăng cân hoàn hồng sâm QM
I had a sandwich in Florence that i loved, so i recreated it at home
Buttered Morning-toast
Margherita pizza with homegrown basil
"" MARSHMALLOWS CANDY CRUNCHY MOUTH SOUNDS ASMR EATING
uses of honey
filet, stuffed mushrooms, and garlic, lemon, and herb butter baby lobster tails.
recipe
Pasta
Homemade Thai Chicken Ramen
Smoked Baby Back Rib Garlic Bread Sandwiches
Farmhouse loaf
Breakfast Biscuit Sandwich
Grilled Italian hero on a baguette
tomato based pasta sauce with mushroom, spinach, salami and chilli
Crafting the perfect food menu for a new stadium takes an expert - AL.com
Biryani attempt.
Poached Swordfish
Gordon Ramsay's recipe Beef Wellington
Sweetango Apple Pie
Berry Fantastic &amp; Whipped Cream Triple Layer Cake
Sushi Boat
Steak &amp; eggs breakfast with Cherry tomatoes
fu qi fei pian
Looks like a lot of people made beef wellington this Chr*stm*s, so here's mine..
Octopus &amp; Pork Jowl with BBQ Sauce and Herb Sauce and Greens
waffles with chocolate sauce and fresh fruits with whipped cream.
red split lentils and zucchini soup
Meatball Omelette
Tortas
Dill biscuits
dick cookie
Garlic chili chicken
Creamy Tuscan Pork chop
Surf n' Turf
Gina DePalma's Honey &amp; Pine Nut Tart (RIP) -
“Merry an Italian girl” they said. “You’ll eat like a king!”, they said. Her Nonna taught me to make ravioli. This was my  solo run.
Two-sauce Crispy Oven Wings (Gochujang and Chipolte)
Baked ziti - I feel like I should be on The Sopranos.
Garlic Parmesan Taters
Strawberry &amp; vanilla Cake
s’mores cake with toasted marshmallow icing, chocolate ganache &amp; toasted graham cracker crumbles
Holiday Blizzard Bars that I made on Friday for my daughter's team of COVID nurses at a major Dallas Hospital.
48 Hour Sourdough
Soviet ice cream
Peri Peri Chicken with Potato Rostis &amp; Mushrooms
Peppers stuffed with Quorn chilli and rice
Shepherd’s pie with slow cooked beef ribs and Yukon mash
teriyaki salmon
Sweet chili chicken hokkien noodles with a spinach/beet/goat cheese/candied walnut salad.
gordita with beef and cheese
India vs Australia: Rohit Sharma replaces Cheteshwar Pujara as vice-captain of Indian Test team - Times of India
Dumplings
Low carb mini corn dogs
Trump Supporter Calls Mitt Romney 'Absolute Joke' in Airport Viral Video - Newsweek
giant jelly gummy bear
discada tacos
Within 5 min I made this Smoothie
Purchased a pizza oven a few weeks ago, finally starting to get the hang of it!
Cast iron pizza.
One pot Japanese curry!
Sesame Chicken, Gan Bian Green Beans, and Horchata Tart with Abuelita Chocolate Ganache
How To Make Gordon Ramsay Slow-Roasted Pork Belly Recipe
Double Cheese Smash Burgers
Pepperoni and four cheese pretzels.
Pan De Coco | Easy Low Carb Pan De Coco Recipe
Filet Mignon, Baked Potato, Salad, and Cherry Cheesecake Pie.
Mushroom, rosemary, and feta pizza
One Big potato pancake with meat and onions
toffee apples &amp; honeycomb with left over toffee
Stuffed shells in tomato beef sauce.
Homestyle Whitebread.
Pecan Pie. Celebrating t-day early.
Cereal Snowball Cookies
Pan de Muerto - Day of the Dead Bread!
Chocolate Fudge
Caramel &amp; walnuts bars
Roasted cherry tomato
plantbased burger with spicy sauce, caramelized onions, and lettuce plus a side of fried pickles
Japan - Ohara - a Japanese dinner
Cookie Monster Cookies
Mini Babka
Bacon wrapped hotdogs with condiments
kebab with tahini and pistachios
Smoked Whole Chicken
Spatchcock chicken.
Beef shoyu tamago ramen
Shrimp Gumbo with Rice
Easy Tapioca Recipe in Kerala style
12 hours cooking
Grilled Leg of Lamb with Watermelon Feta Salad
Red snapper sashimi plate i made for dinner, do you like it ?
Grilled octopus on gochujang, kewpie, sesame oil, and sake sauce. Topped with spring onion and pickled red onion
South Indian Murukku
Medium rare dry aged spanish beef entrecote (Vaca rubia gallega)
Caramel apple cranberry pie
edible animal cell!
Earl Grey Yogurt Cake
Olive Oil Challah
Chicken and potato
Butternut squash risotto with shallots and pancetta topped with sea scallops and beurre blanc
10 layer chocolate cake
Double Chocolate Walnut Cookies
Panko Crusted Chicken, Jasmine Rice, Steamed Broccoli
Ghee-smoked chicken and rice with spicy mint sauce
Steak &amp; Beans
Curried Lentils with quick pickled cabbage
butter dosas (rice pancakes) with spicy coconut chutney
Watermelon Mint Granitas with Reduced Balsamic and Feta
Ginger, Jalapeño, Scallion roasted salmon with grapefruit, oranges, and avocados.
Kitkat doughnut
Kimchi Rice with fried spam and eggplant
Delicious Brazilian cheese breads by Gusto Brazil (pic is their jalapeno flavor)
Baked Cod
Soy-Sriracha Burger w/ Jalapeño &amp; Emmental on English Muffin
My burgers :)
Melon Pan
3 cheese egg noodle cassarole
eggs Benedict with halloumi, spinach and avocado
Valentines day bun cake with strawberry cream filling
- Lamb Shoulder on the Wall of Fire - Dark MOFO
sunny side up with inner peace
Roasted chicken with roasted beets, carrots and garlic mash
Greek Moussaka
Wagyu burger, avocado, fried egg, red onion, basil and spread on toasted bun. Can post recipe if anyone is interested.
Kolbász (Hungarian sausage)
fried chicken sandwich with homemade garlic mayo
Tray pogaca. non-english recipe in comments.
strawberry bars
Ricotta with buttery grilled bread
Whiskey Apple Taco Salad
hicke Baked Thigh.
The ABC (avocado, bacon, cheddar) breakfast sandwich on an everything bagel
https://cutt.ly/ZjHzK7J
Classic American Double Cheeseburger on a brioche bun.
Millionaire Shortbread
UAE: 2 jailed for 'showing off' Covid-positive result in viral video - Khaleej Times
Kenyan Food
Chicken Breast with Broccoli and Bacon
Creamy White Bean Soup with Smoked Paprika Oil
Skull Pancakes stuffed with various Halloween candy
Groundbeef quesadilla y guacamole
Authentic Delicious Japanese! Small plates &amp; Sharable Portion sizes
Seared Ribeye, Classic salad and potatoes
Assorted bagels
Smoked Deer Sausage
The “Is This Your Chard?” Burger from the Bob’s Burgers burger book
“Big Night” style Timpana from Christmas dinner.
Hassleback Potatoes
Garlic Butter Pan Roasted Salmon with Quinoa
Ravioli filled with Pear and Gorgonzola
cherry pie made with fresh cherries from when they were in season.
Crema de Almendras
mix and match cake
baked alaska
Noodles soup with vegetables
Baby cheddar gluten free boule
Close up of my  chilaquiles that I had for breakfast.
Cooked this beautiful tomahawk steak!
seafood gumbo
Mahi-mahi ceviche with habanero pineapple hot sauce, avocado, serrano, and shallot.
Eggplant Parmesan with Italian sausage
My take on Tom Kha Gai
Rosemary, garlic, lemon rainbow trout with a hot salad of red onions, garlic, jalapeño and shrimp; and a cold salad of romaine, red onion, tomato, jalapeño, avocado, mango and dragonfruit.
butter tofu and basmati rice
Roasted paprika/pink sea salt and cinnamon/brown sugar pumpkin seeds.
Ham pizza
Egg Benefits
Roasted pepper panzanella with calabrese salame, prosciutto, and capocollo
Summer Berry Tart
Mumbo Gumbo
Fried Cabbage with Sausage Peppers and Onions
Pork Tamales and Beans!
Mini Buttermilk Griddlecakes
"" How to be the ‘pumpking’ this year!
Biang Biang Noodles and Scallion Pancakes with homemade hot oil. Need to work on my food photography!
Shepherd’s Pie and Turkish Chicken Kebabs with Rice
Kuwait’s local version of profiterole. Said to be the food capital of the world - trying restaurants here has turned into a hobby!
Smothered redfish.
Brazilian Gaúcho BBQ Style
a piña colada.
Biscuits and sausage gravy with home fries
Turnmeric ,charcoal and spirulina dough pizza
wheat bread
Short ribs braised in red wine and mashers
Just a little New Years Day  hot chocolate.
Black Truffle Pasta With Parmesan + Egg Yolk 😍😍
grilled pork tenderloin with three different spice rubs
Scallops, pistachios and candied lemon
General Tso's w/ White Rice.
85% hydration sourdough bread
1lb Christian burrito. 1am snack
Croque Monsieur with avocado and (store bought) chips
I just delivered the 1.st box cookies from my new bakery and we hadn’t sold any yet! I can’t believe it’s a reality after months of testing and planning!
Pancakes, guac, a chorizo/bell pepper breakfast scramble, toasted tortillas and sourdough, and berries!
I just Ate // Vanilla and raspberry slice
Parotta, salna and fish fry
A typical Newari platter.
scallops and risotto.
Arancini di Riso from leftover Porcini Mushroom Risotto.
Pain au Bacon (Bacon Sourdough)
Lengua tacos and chorizo tacos with a side of The Real Coca Cola.
Ratatouille (Confit Byaldi) but with McDonalds chicken McNuggets layered in. We call it Rat Chicken
Beer-Cheese Pretzel Sandwiches
Dry aged ribeye
grilled chicken lettuce wraps w/radish cucumber slaw
Made The Ultimate Tandoori Chicken
tofu/paneer with spring onions
Supposed leaked 'AirPods 3' images suggest a blend of AirPods, AirPods Pro - AppleInsider
Third attempt and I’m finally happy with the outcome of the  two of them.
3 Different Sushi Rolls Shrimp Tempera, Philly and California
Bam Bam Eggrolls
My dad made this bread with a really cool outside view just thought I’d share :)
- Parmesan and Panko crusted salmon on a bed of lemon garlic asparagus topped with lemon garlic butter
teriyaki chicken with ribbon noodles
Cajun blackened fish
honey glaze for center cut ham. Happy Christmas everyone!
Grilled cheese made with a mix of gruyere, smoked cheddar, and provolone with brown sugar bacon and caramelized onions. Served with a homegrown creamy tomato bisque.
Banana milk chocolate muffins with walnut streusel and brown butter glaze
Entrecote with creamy mushroom sauce
Parmesan Crusted Chicken with Basil Cream Sauce Over Freshly Made Linguine
. Old bay and lemon buttermilk marinated frog legs, triple dredged and served with a nice pilaf, as well as a smoked cajun remoulade to dip in.
Turkey and Ham with Green Beans, Cheesy Mac, and Hawaiian Rolls
Paimon
Carne Asada Tacos with extras
Palak Paneer, Gobi Aloo, and Dahl
Chicago Style Deep Dish Pizza - Pepperoni
Chinese steamed whole fish
Sous vide cod with smashed potatoes and asparagus
Easy Snacks For Next Party. Need a Few Ingredients
Carrot Dogs!
1 of 6 pumpkin pies made for Thanksgiving for the homeless.
Corned beef reuben tacos
Cast iron NY Strip, and Hatch Serrano Sausage. Carnivore delight
Colorful cold veggie pizza
Octopus and lobster sushi
Cranberry sauce
20oz Bone in Ribeye
Chinese roast pork belly Siu Yuk with broccolini and a fried egg served on rice topped with scallions
Sausage, beans and muffin
Chinese Milk Bread
Roasted Cherry Tomato Butter Pasta
fatty stuffs =)
Lebanese Hummus Massabaha
bacon and onion ring cheesburger
Muffuletta sandwich
takoyaki
Miso glazed eggplant with shiso mushrooms and rice.
was making ravioli dough and stepped outside, came back to find this from my dough courtesy of my daughters......
leek, onion, sour cream, cheddar tart with ritz topping
lentil Bolognese and brown rice
Cops investigating viral video of man allegedly converting Muslim woman out of Islam - The Star Online
33hour  spicy miso ramen. Mine and my partners anniversary so I made my signature dish~ best ramen so far!
Birria tacos.
Norwegian fårikål
German Donauwelle Cake
chicken burger with home grown lemon chilli and lettuce
Pork dumplings
this lovely pesto chicken pasta
Dark Chocolate Covered Honeycomb
chicken tikka masala and flavoured rice
Pot roast with mashed potatoes
Tuna mayo baked potato
Pocket Monster Fried Rice
Chicken potato finger
Three cheese Mac and cheese with bacon fat sauce base
Juicy Oven Baked Chicken Breast Recipe
It's a  Turkish dish. I ate it.
Brown Curry Fried Rice w/ Tofu + Veggies
Chocolate cake with dulce de leche filling and oreo buttercream
Bacon wagyu smash burger with oak smoked bacon wrapped shrimp with cayenne, maple and winter spice glaze, cheddar coleslaw, smoked corn and sweet potato wedges.
Deformed pepperoni pizza with stone and sticky peel
Couscous with shrimps
Kenji’s really good scrambled eggs with homemade bread
Calamarata
3 Delicious Dishes for Easter Sunday
My attempt at Chicken Parmigiana with all the fixings 😍
Brown butter apple blondies with brown butter icing
Chicken Parm
Beer cheese brisket mac
Ribollita
chocolate panna cotta
Tuscan sausage ragu
Beef Wellington with roasted potatoes.
Chocolate bowl I made out of the bottom of a chocolate snowman
Cheesy Brussel Sprouts
My S.O. and I assembled this Thanksgiving charcuterie platter. It included spicy soppressata, mortadella, green peppercorn gouda, German salami pickle rollups, brie and honey and a few other goodies.
Uni Pasta
Cajun shrimp pasta — was suppose to be in NOLA this week. Can’t wait to get there eventually and try the real deal and all the beignets. 😜
Canadian bacon &amp; green pepper pizza.
Italian beef with giardiniera
Fish and Chips with chilli mushy peas and tartare sauce
Cheesy grits with bacon, green onion, and poached egg
Chicken with onion and mushroom sauce and mash potato
I created a new digital signage app for restaurant owners and looking for new partners
Belgian Waffles with fresh berries, and apple, cinnamon compote.
Guotie (literally means pot stick) - one of my favorite traditions.
Ropa Vieja with a Black Beans and Rice
Kung Pao Udon Noodles with steamed mussels.
2 Tomahawks
hey guys awesome product for diet, weight loss check out ..
GOP Rep. Kinzinger to start new PAC to challenge party’s embrace of Trump - The Washington Post
Classic American breakfast
Lechon Carbonara Charcuterie board I made for xmas eve
Chinese food, but American style
Korean fried chiken Burger and roasted garlic potatoes.
German Meal
Fudge brownies
A reuben, pastrami, sauerkraut, Swiss cheese, and bacon sandwich
Tuscan Chicken w/ Sundried Tomatoes and Spinach
Thanksgiving Leftovers Eggs Benedict, with shaved turkey and Hawaiian rolls.
Peanut Butter Blossoms
Eggplant Pita
After 2 tries that ended up in the trash, I successfully baked a perfect third one!
the best breakfast sandwich I’ve ever had.
5 MIN LUNCH 🙌 Low Carb Wrap 🌯🌯 This is a super easy low carb, friendly meal! It’s also pretty filling!
sautéed onion and tomatoes with fermented garlic shrimp quesadilla
"" PASTA IN ONE POT✧ Simply Amazing, Delicious &amp; EASYمعكرونة حلة وحدة بدون سلق
Ribeye, egg, mushrooms, and onions
cheesy eggs topped with Chile Crunch.
Pan pizza with pepperoni
7lb Pork Shoulder, Roasted Low and Slow
Get Your Free Keto Cookbook
Maple Pumpkin Ice Cream
Dalgona boba misu
Pandemic may permanently change food industry - Boston Herald
collards from our garden. So easy, and so good!
Grill porkbelly and potato in garlic and cream
Lamington Durian Cake
gimbap
Vodka Detroit Pizza.
Gujarati Khandvi...
Pumpkin-themed Halloween Pizza 🎃
beef roast, mashed potatoes &amp; homemade gravy.
tomato ricotta toast
S’mores Brownies. Fudgy brownies topped with Swiss meringue and chocolate ganache
Whole lamb chest.
Warm Nopales (Cactus) Elote Salad
Salami Pizza
Garlic Dinner Rolls
Barbecued sirloin with roasted red potatoes and mushrooms
BECHB on English muffin.
Pizza with Turkish sausage and pineapple.
baked tortillas, walnut salad and chicken
Braised shortrib
Gluten-free angel food cake with whipped cream.
Check out my Instagram page @chewbacares for some simple recipes the doughnut recipe will be posted tomorrow
Grilled cheese
shrimp fettuccine was awesome!
shrimp and chicken pad Thai
Turkey Chili
Bengali fish curry | Bengali style Katla curry | how to make fish curry
peanut butter cup macarons
🌼🍴
Sous vide tenderloin, 129 F, 2 hrs.
red wine poached pears
Candied Orange Peel Dipped in Dark Chocolate
Malted brownies
Pesto Pasta with Grilled Chicken on top
Carrot cake bites with cream cheese frosting.
Swedish Meatballs
Sous vide filet mignon‘s with béarnaise sauce and chive potatoes.
Ramen with Teriyaki Shrimps
Salmon Burger
Banana bread
Garlic Sriracha Turkey Bowl on a bed of white rice
spooky seven layer dip for Halloween
surf n’ turf
2 small chicken burritos with a mix of eggs, spinach, and pepper jack cheese
Palisade Peach Pie
Peppermint Cafe Mocha
Chicago Dog w/ Garlic Fries
Pork Spring Rolls and Pancit Canton-Bihon (Stir-fried Noodles)
My mom just made this rice pilaf in her new Ninja Foodi! It was to die for.
Tried my hand at making French onion soup. I still need to work on my presentation but thought I’d share.
Sous vide venison, finished in a skillet
Korean toast and Bingsu (shaved ice milk)
Smoked Ribs with Macaroni and Cheese
vegan jackfruit bao
Toritos and camarones borrachos.
Eggplant parmigiana, homemade marinara, spaghetti (not homemade)
Dutch Baby/German Pancake with Stewed Apples
Budae Jjigae
beef rib quesadilla made with fresh corn tortillas
- Chicken roll and Pepperoni pinwheels
Marjolaine
Video Of Florida Linemen Trying To Catch Punts Is Going Viral - The Spun
Pork tenderloin on garlic/ginger rice with coconut milk, spring onions and lemon
Sauteed Gulf Shrimp &amp; Grits with Bacon, Tomatoes, Red-Eye Gravy, and Fried Eggs
Scrambled egg sandwich with turkey ham, cheese, green peppers, red peppers, mayo and ketchup
Pork belly with braised fennel linguine
salty brioche ! 😋
Pretzel Rolls 🥨
whoopie pies
PANEER TIKKA
Tik Tok Feta Pasta and Chicken | Without Oven | Tik Tok Recipe | Feta Pasta
What  last friyay
Vietnamese-style pulled pork with pickled carrots, jalapeños and daikon radish, with lime, red cabbage and sriracha, on top of brown rice.
My bibimbap last night
Greek Salad
Scotch egg with a runny yolk.
Zip Burger 5 min questionnaire
Naan :D
Welcome to join us
this delicious food from China a while ago but forgot the name of the dish. Can you help me out? Thx!
Lemon Pepper Wings
yellow curry noodles w/ 7 min egg
Breakfast sandwich with sunnyside egg, spinach, roast beef, horseradish, spicy Irish cheddar cheese, with a burnt butter potato cake and honey mustard on toasted, buttered multi-grain brule.
To whoever posted Baklava Cheesecake yesterday, I was inspired. This is my  version and it's as good as it looks.
My stepmom made homemade authentic Belgium waffles!
Egg and cheese
Basque cheesecake
smoked ribeye, creamed kale, mashed cauliflower
Cam Newton Addresses Viral Video Of Teen Disrespecting Him On Sidelines - BroBible
Homemade chicken pot pie
Air fryer chicken 😊
beef ribeye steak 🥩
Greek Gryos filled with chicken, paprika chips, salad, homemade tzatsiki served in a grilled flatbread
Gnocchi with a browned butter and sage sauce (basics with babish recipe)
Nacho Mama’s Chicken Sandwich
Salmon, rice &amp; an overload of garlic, rosemary &amp; thyme 🤘
Orange Chicken with Jasmine rice
Norwegian Waffles (kinda day 🤍)
11-layer hazelnut, coffee, salted caramel, and chocolate opera cake
I made a tot-cho bar.
Chicken Mole
Buttered crab
Chicken Katsu Ramen
Last 5 Gulab Jamun
Vietnamese pho
Cast Iron cooked, 8oz Angus Striploin Filet with a buttery minced garlic and herb crust. Baked potato and cream corn.
BBQ Bacon Cheeseburger with sauteed peppers, tomatoes &amp; avocado. Side of seasoned fries.
Yashraj Mukhate opens up on viral 'Pawri' video: It was spontaneous - India TV News
Scallop pappardelle with baby broccoli
Apple Crumb Cheesecake
Roasted Goose
Original Glazed Donuts
s’mores
Sichuan sticky rice ball
Rigatoni Alla Vodka
Prince Harry and Meghan Markle: Viral Video Claims Royal Experts Reportedly Lying About Couple - PopCulture.com
Thai Curry Butternut Squash Soup with goat cheese and pepitas
Tiramisu Bingsu (Korean shaved ice)
pizza bun
My 13 year old gentleman
Chocolate Cake Recipe - Homemade Recipe
Mediterranean Rapini Pasta -
Mountain Mikes pizza
Honey-garlic Chicken with Broccoli and Potatoes.
Pizza with pepperoni, beef, onion, green pepper, roma tomato
Biden balks at taking executive action to cancel student loan debt - POLITICO
Blood donation during COVID-19 pandemic: Who can give blood? Precautions and safety measures - Times Now
Pan Seared Sea Scallops
Wholegrain 50/50 - Wheat/spelt Sourdough Bread
I made really good cheesecake.. and  it for breakfast oops
smash burgers!
Scotch Pie with chips and gravy
My attempt at a red velvet cake. Could look better but tastes great
salsa picante
hot chicken sandwich w special spicy sauce on a homemade milk bun
my favorite parfait-peach parfaits in japan
Cinnamon Pear Puff Tart
https://ift.tt/3oXI1KU
Mise en place ...
Hot and sour grouper fillets, braised eggplants with pork belly and salted fish, steamed organic calrose pearl rice
Sausage &amp; Egg McMuffin. Optional HP Sauce
I can just tell this roast chicken is about to be a staple on my home menu
pink trout and avocado tartare with white cheese and onion risiotto
Maple Caramel Pecan Panettone
this piece of “bacon” from Wendy’s
Hainanese Chicken Rice In Tokyo at the Wee Nam Kee restaurant.
Eggs Benedict
Buffalo Cauliflower Bites
Steamed pork dumplings.
Gochujang roast chicken, cucumber salad, jasmine rice.
cheeseburger with Jalapeños and Avocado slices.
Indulgent Chocolate Cheesecake!
Spicy Shrimp Tacos with fresh guacamole and a honey-chipotle drizzle
6lbs standing rib roast
Milk Buns
" The best Thai Restaurant in Downtown Atlanta Poor Calvin | Food Guide
Canadian Thanksgiving Dinner
peanut butter apple rose tart
Pretzel with Beer Cheese from Bad Martha’s Brewery, Cape Cod
The cold weathers coming in. Thought I would bake a homemade steak and brown ale pie. And a cheeky berry strudel with the left over pastry
chicken tikka masala with basmati rice and naan bread with garlic and herb butter
Swedish meatballs
An attempt at Birria tacos. Now I see what all the fuss is about.
Roasted pork wraps .
I LOVE meatloaf double beetloaf .
Chicken Fried Rice
cheesy burger and fries
Tandoori masala duck wings
cupcakes 🤍
A black chinchilla
Mac and cheese fritters w/ chipotle rance
Nutella cheesecake
Livers and onions (butter fried with parsley and garlic), carrots and gravy
Repost from @caitlyndance123 Already missing this place, but SO...
Milk Cream
shrimp and pork “rose” dumplings
Sautéed &amp; sliced eggplants layered with yogurt and spices. Pakistani dish that's eaten with naan
Adar Poonawalla to acquire 60% in Magma Fincorp for Rs 3,456-crore - Business Standard
Chicken curry
Tuscan chicken for dinner tonight
Lemon and garlic-marinated kangaroo steak, cabbage with onions and rocket salad.
Fisherman's platter
Dum Aloo Curry (baby potatoes) with Roti
Corned beef... a little early, but couldn’t wait
Carnitas bowl with slow-cooked black beans, pico de gallo, and cilantro, lime, tomato brown rice
Sunday roast with foie gras, rosemary-parmigano waffle fries, and some roast veggies. Bérnaise on the side. Hope everyone had a good weekend!
pancakes and cream
our new years charcuterie board
Thai green curry butternut squash soup and Thai-style crispy Brussels sprouts
fiesta boat tacos with ground beef from our steer. Tried the ATK method of baking soda mixed with the beef—it browned beautifully!
SEBI order won't impact deal with Reliance: Future Group - Moneycontrol.com
Bundt Cake Banana Bread
Yellow curry with garlic butter naan bread
Ice Cream and Cabernet
Plum cake
Pan-fried squash, whipped potatoes, field grain sausages and microgreen and chard salad
baby Bella mushrooms creamy chicken breast with herb roasted red potatoes
A Sunday Barbeque
Scrambled eggs with smoked salmon, bacon and spicy salad.
Giant Soft Pretzels
chicken drumsticks, potatoes and onions made in a cast iron skillet
Khachapuri or Cheese Bread
Smoked USDA Prime New York Steaks
Curry Dhal
I saw pozole verde on here yesterday, and then made my own pozole verde.
Kebabs
Christmas dinner.
New Orleans Creole Gumbo! So good!
Kimchi jjigae
How to have a proper cheat day while trying to lose weight
eggplant almkhchi
Pepperoni pizza and eggplant pizza
Seafood Boil.
al pastor tacos, came out super delicious. Hubby approved
Banh Mi with homemade sausage meatballs
Not banana bread...but Tartine Bakery’s ✨banana and date tea cake✨
smoked brisket for my family, after I burnt the lamb shoulder last year
Potato Bacon Leak Soup
carne asada tacos
NYC bodega Chopped Cheese
Char Siu-Chinese BBQ Pork with Rice
Hickory smoked prime brisket slices.
K-spaghetti aglio e olio (1 serving)
Bison tomahawk
Vegetarian Butter dosas
Chanterelle with potato in cream souce
some amazing Poutine. Much love to the Canadians who perfected the art of potatoes, gravy and cheese
Picante shrimp over noodle squash
Wagyu Indomie
Pepperoni pizza on the grill. Yummy.
apple and fennel soup
Korean Food
Chicken Cordon bleu - simple and delicious chicken fillet rolls with ham and cheese.
matzo ball soup
Ahi poke bowl with mixed greens, micro greens, avocado, cucumber and cilantro rice underneath. Soy, sesame and olive oil sauce
Chicken rice, (steamed and roasted chicken ...with rice cooked in chicken broth), kaya toast, bean curd pudding and dumplings with coffee....for brunch
I opened a zero contact delivery, and wanted to talk about this bacon, smoked cheddar, and serrano jam croissant. Have a croissanversation, if you will.
Salmon, fishfriday!
Christmas Eve seafood dinner
fresh fruit tart with vanilla custard and pistachios
Bacon, Ham, Colby Jack on a Hoagie Roll
Spaghetti with Tuna
Grocery deli "meat lovers" pizza.
Christmas Village Cake
potatoes, carrots and an Austrian schnitzel
Popeye's-Style Chicken Sandwich
Gingerbread Crackhouse
Coconut-Mango “Creme” Brûlée
Boule
a whole lotta meat
An Israeli kosher breakfast
chicken breast marinated in white whine, chicken bouillon, red whine vinegar, Italian seasoning, and garlic, pan-seared with a side of hand cut sweet potato crisps
Pastalaya
Wild venison bourguignon
Cheesecake with chocolate ice cream and glazed sour cherry
Italian meatballs on roasted parmesan cauliflower
Smoked Ziti w/ Wagyu Ground Beef
Amai Shoga Pan- Japanese Style Sweet Ginger Bun
Brunch Casserole - Scalloped Potatoes, Ham, Mushrooms, Jalapenos, Cheese
Guyanese Pepper Pot
NYE BBQ platter
double smashed burger
1 metre of pizza
Today’s Lunch - sautéed skin-on salmon with roasted asparagus and baby heirloom tomatoes with a balsamic reduction❤️
Christmas Tree antipasto tray
mannicotti and vegitables
Lemon, Turtle, and Carrot Cakes
Shitty plating and angle but here's roasted potatoes with corned beef and a fried egg.
Panang Curry
I made a mini pizza on Italian bread
Troubling measurement of pandemic economy: Food pantry lines - Chattanooga Times Free Press
Red Curry Ramen
Cider-brined Duroc chop with apple bourbon jus, cranberry bacon sweet potato hash, and brown butter mustard
Old Cheddar &amp; Montreal Smoked Beef Grilled Cheese
Fresh salad with fish
Linguine alla pescatora 🍝🐟🦀🐡🐠🍤🦑🍅🍽🍽🧑‍🍳🧑‍🍳
Faux Duck and Pancakes
Birria Tacos
Grilled Chicken Club Sandwich.
Half chicken tikka and half lamb kebab pizza!
Rate my pies
Red lentils soup and fish fingers sandwich
BBQ chicken + peri peri chicken pizza
Bangers and Mash with vegetables and Yorkshire pudding
Chicago pizza recipe (italian)
New York Strip &amp; Roasted Potatoes
Linguini sort-of-carbonara
Catfish goujons with butter lettuce to wrap and tangy cayenne mayo to dip
Pasta with Italian sausage and vodka sauce. Spinach artichoke dip onda side.
roast pumpkin and carrot soup with soft boiled egg and olive oil toast.
Apple/Cherry-smoked ribs.
VEGETARIAN SPICY TOP RAMEN MASALA INSTANT NOODLES
Chartusery Trays
Icy porridge with rose sauce on it
Macarons!
Strawberry Cheesecake with Coconut Caramel Oreos!
Cajun Mahi Mahi with Pineapple Pico and Salsa Verde
Meatloaf Pizza
cheese pizza with sun-dried tomatoes
i call it “Italian sushi” hand made pepperoni rolls. Ive really been proud of the food im making lately.
black forest cake
I ate Briyani. Best food in the world
Brie and prosciutto bruschetta
Halloween Oreo® Cupcakes
Seared lamb with jamaican curry rub, veggies w/ Allioli + Zhug
Pineapple, Peach &amp; Apple BBQ pork ribs
Sarku Japan Chicken Teriyaki (mall food court Japanese food)
Vietnamese Beef Pho
demolished this falafel platter!
Falafel with chili sour cream, cheese and fresh vegetables in liba bread wrap
Shrimp Scampi with Garlic Toast
Bacon cheese burger with spicy mayo and perfect egg
spicy tuna pasta
roasted tomato soup with grilled cheese
Ratatouille w/ biked egg, all from my garden
spicy meatballs &amp; buckwheat parmesan
Grilled Chicken Thighs
Rhubarb pie.
Alfredo Fettuccine with pan seared chicken thighs and roasted potatoes
Bánh mi
Salmon Sushi
tortilla crusted mahi mahi tacos.
Sweet and easy Christmas velvet cake for the family
Crispy Italian Parmesan Crusted Chicken, Bruschetta and Lemony Asparagus
Lasagna bolognese
Fish Goan
My first go at chicken pot pie
Cheese pizza with basil
Neapolitan cookies
Homemade candied peel I made
Rhubarb bread w/cardamom icing.
Eggs Benny with double smoked ham
self-harvested venison burgers, homemade whole wheat bun, &amp; fries
Calories in 1 apple(s) of Apple - Red Delicious.
Rosemary Tomato focaccia bread
Fresh caught bay scallops
Chicago Style Deep Dish Pizza.
Detroit pizza with brick cheese, red bells and red onions
Orange Donuts
Cajun style taco's
crab cake benedict
Fresh Sourdough, Smashed Avocado, Potato Hash, Chipolatas &amp; a Poached Egg
Breakfast burritos with bacon, egg, cheese, onion, and BBQ sauce
Latkes for Chanukah
Native American Breakfast Taco
Imitation Reuben with truffled ham and sprouts.
Red wine and soy-braised korean short ribs with daikon radish and sweet potato mash
Salami and Zucchini Pizza
Crispy Oven Roasted Pork Butt
an 8oz steak and 4 eggs
beef macaroni and i also fond off eat vital choice seafood. do you guys that tried?
Cappuccino &amp; a maple waffle donut
Pea puree with scallops and black pudding
I made a few macarons.
fried rice of another kind
Flourless dark chocolate cake with strawberry compote and whipped cream
My aunts charcuterie game is top notch 👌🏽
Salt and Pepper Chicken Pieces, Salt and Pepper Chips, Noodles, Egg Fried Rice, Salt and Pepper Chicken Balls, Curry Sauce
Truedan Earl Grey Latte with Black Pearls
Steak Frites
Butter Chicken
Took 16 hours to make this breakfast
Mobile food pantry to be held Thursday in Norwich in memory of Jason Vincent - theday.com
Fabada Asturiana - Spanish chorizo, morcilla blood sausage and butter bean stew
Soft cookies with white chocolate chips, milk chocolate chips and macadamian nuts.
Lemon drizzle cake
Vietnamese egg rolls with nước mắm
Xiang Gan Rou Si - Fragrant pressed tofu with thinly sliced pork.
first time making my own dough! Nieces approve
Chicken with mushrooms, spinach and cream
Spicy Scallop Hand roll.
Florida Gulf Blue Crab Broil
Oh god I found it! (Fried Mushrooms)
Dill pickles
Aditya Medisales case | Sun Pharma founder Dilip Shanghvi ordered to pay Rs 62.35 lakh for settling... - Moneycontrol
Strawberry Shortcake Cake
chicken and potato pasty
Sarus Kitchen by Swarna - Homemade Recipes ""
Buffalo Wild Wings
crossed sandwich
Jalapeño burger with cotija cheese on a homemade bun.
Dry Aged Porterhouse
Salisbury Steak, mushroom gravy and mashies
Smoked wagyu brisket on blue cheese buttered brioche slider buns
lamb shank confit 2 hours at 215°F 2 hours at 250°F and 4 hours at 285°F
fried chicken, baked beans coleslaw and gravy
Harry Potter cake / made in Moldova by Mimi cakes.
chicken filet
Chicken and Sausage Gumbo.
bbq kebab in winter is wow
Not the fanciest or most professional picture but it's homemade pinto beans from a leftover meaty hambone
Kimchi &amp; Spam Fried Rice
I guess duck ramen is trending... here is my  “farm to table” duck ramen from a happy neighborhood flock.
Poached Egg over Hash
risotto with butter-fried chanterelles and pork tenderloin with some peas as vegetables
Samgyeopsal with Kimchi-jjigae
Nana's 5-hour Sunday Spaghetti
Turkey Day Apple Pie.
Jalapeno Popper cheese melt
Egyptian Breakfast from Alexandria, Egypt
Dry Chilli Pan Mee
popcorn chicken with basil
Lobster Mac n Cheese for Valentine's day :) Thanks Chef John for the recipe!
Aloo Paneer Cutlet
Applewood smoked short rib
Sausage Rolls, Eggs and an Onion
Wagyu Strip Steak
Microwave grilled chicken with tandoor masala.
Brined butter-baked pumpkin seeds 🎃
Bulgogi beef with broccoli bowl
Mango Sweet Rice from a local Thai restaurant.
pizza with arugula, prosciutto, and balsamic glaze
Nutritional Benefits Of Beans - How To Use It - Legumes.
crockpot chili!
yesterday’s game day nachos.
- Venison Tenderloin Sandwhich and Onion Rings
Gallo Pinto (a traditional Costa Rican style rice and beans) with Fried Plantain, Egg, Cheese, and Sour Cream on top of a Chorreada
Sourdough Apple Fritters with Lilikoi Glaze
Snow Day - Cast Iron / Stuffed Crust Pizza
I see we are doing sourdough today
Pan seared duck breast, smashed potatoes and Brussel sprouts cooked in duck fat, and a cherry red wine pan sauce.
Brownies
Nunyas, a delicacy in the south accompanied with Mush, does a body good! Enjoy
Easy Braided Chicken Bread | Comfort Food | Tea/ Coffee Snack
pumpkin rolls
sausage and squash gnocci
How to Marinate the Fish at home
Cappucino
a Cheesburger
Tangy Pasta
tempura prawn dragon roll sushi
New England Clam Chowder
Fig, Thyme &amp; Blue Cheese galette
West African Food with The Kiddos. We are from America and I Wanted to introduce Something New to Them.
Tomahawk and Roasted Broccolini.
Apple Crisp and Apple Banana Muffins
shrimp etouffee
Chicken Marsala. I cheated by using sweet vermouth in place of the Marsala...
Korean Samgyeopsal With Kimchi Jjigae, Jjolmyeon(Sweet and Sour Cold Chewy Noodles), and Various Banchan
Citrus Marinated Flank Steak
Spicy fried pork with kimchi. Tofu and rice
Shrimp &amp; Pork Wonton Noodle Soup
Hamburger from hell!
Venezuelan Tequeños with guasacaca dip
Chicken Pot Pie!
-Fried Rice with Chicken
It's so cute and funny how this dog calms his buddy down
Vegetarian Nachos
Shakshouka
Chicken Instant Pot Stew
Leek and mushroom quiche with Gruyere cheese, and my Gramma’s pastry recipe
Spaghetti with shrimp and salmon.
Chili with some tostones (fried green plantains)
Fried egg wrapped hot dog with salad breakfast!
mini sandwiches!
Crab and Crayfish Raviolo with a Parmesan crumb and lemon herb butter sauce.
Spicy Short Rib Lettuce Wraps
Birria tacos w/Consumé
Heart Shaped Pizza
Chocolate Donut
Cheddar jalapeño bread
(attempted) Monkey Cake
Pan-seared pork chops with apple cider cream pan sauce and brown butter sage potatoes
broccoli and stilton soup
Ahi Poke Appetizer @ Sushi &amp; Co
Coconut Shrimp Curry
Golden Oreo Rice Krispies Treats
Little Japanese ramen
very easy dinner recipe ""
I asked for my pizza to be cut into squares. What kind of monster cuts a pizza like this
Som Tam - Thai Green Papaya Salad
Kenjis "Real-deal Kung pao" chicken
Waygu Don
Apple and Lemon Meringue Pies
pepperoni pizza by the slice
Popcorn Cake
Pulled pork and kale, quinoa and pecan salad on focaccia, topped with champagne vinegar
Snickerdoodles
spicy salmon pokebowl
Chinese pork buns (包子）
burnt caramel pistachio baklava torte
Saving
Buttered Noods
Taiwanese fried chicken sandwich
Short ribs, yams, fried corn bread and greens.
charcuterie board :)
Southwestern salad, general Tso's chicken and simmered zucchini with a balsamic glaze
Sausage roll pie
*- fresh shrimps and Lobsters.. Very delicious. Is it healthy to eat fresh shrimps?
breakfast calzone
Korean pork shoulder...
Grain fed Angus Tenderloin (rare) n Wagyu (medium rare) with mushroom sauce, spicy potato wedges, steamed vegetables
Deep-Fried, 36-Hour Sous Vide, All-Belly Porchetta
Mutton biryani
Beef birria tacos
Pikachu shaped macarons with lemon &amp; basil filling
baked chicken fajita tacos for dinner!
spaghetti and tomato sauce
Pepperoni, jalapeño and onion pizza
veal fillet with red wine reduction sauce and crispy potato slices!
Maple Bourbon Pork Belly Burnt Ends
Food flatlay shot for a restaurant
brunch this weekend. Fried Chicken &amp; Waffles with Lacquered Bacon + Honey Butter Glazed Biscuits
Chicken and Molè
he is definitely going to be awake for 2 days
Chocolate Raspberry Torte Cake
loaded baked potatoes
Log cake for Xmas
Freshly shucked Trésor du large oysters with mignonette, horseradish and homemade hot sauce
Snake River Farms Wagyu Strip Steak. Sous vide 127 then seared on a cast iron skillet
Buffalo Chicken Dip!!!
knafe
Hickory Smoked &amp; Seared Wagyu Tri Tip
Beef Pho
Lobster Tails for my moms birthday
Baklava.
Campfired PB&amp;J on Texas Toast
Prime rib burger with habanero mustard, mayo, onions, lettuce, tomato, avocado and sharp cheddar cheese &amp; homemade fries.
Grilled chicken breast, shrimp and sausage. Brussel sprouts and garlic white sauce.
Bourbon Old Fashioned Sweet Potato &amp; Marshmallow
Tonkotsu ramen broth
Roasted Purple Potatoes
Coconut Shrimp bisque
Smoked Habanero Ranch Cheez-Its
Beef with Chinese vegetables for lunch. Can anyone tell me what this veggie is?
garlic wagyu don
Creamy chicken noodle soup (with homemade egg noodles)
overnight crack chicken!
Octopus with pumpkin puree
Calories in 2 slice(s) of Pizza - Deep Dish Pepperoni.
What did i do ? Dumplings with melted cheese and ham mixed with super noodles
almond cake with toasted coconut frosting
Steak and booch
spleen shaped jello mold to celebrate 1 yr spleenless
Grilled~Cheese &lt;Classic&gt;
Scrambled eggs w cheese, potato onion cheese pie and bacon
seared scallops, lamb loin, broccolini over mushroom risotto
Boulevardier
Double bacon cheese burger, w/caramelized onions and special sauce, all on a Hawaiin roll bun.
Eggs and Rice, with Shiitakes, Kombu, and Bonito
Fondue cheese burger with caramelized onions, sautéd king oyster mushrooms, syracha and soysauce mayo.
Jambalaya with langoustine and andouille, topped with a crab cake and tiger shrimp, surrounded with Cajun cream sauce. Attempt at fancy.
Mexican Yummy Surprise: My Favourite Lunch
FAJITAS FOR FREINDS
Pancakes with delicious fruits
First haul of Christmas Cookies
Toasted sesame oil coffee chocolate chunk brownies with vanilla bean ice cream
Birria de res tacos
Beignets from Cafe De Monde in NOLA
popovers in the oven for fiancées bday
Chili Chicken
Duck breast with rosemary potatoes cooked in duck fat with a side of pasta
Beef Brisket curry w/ black rice
Peanut Butter &amp; Jam Puff Rolls
Jaffa mousse cake
Spam and Cabbage, a traditional Southwest Baltimore breakfast
A Southern Essential:  Mini Tomato Pies.
What did i do wrong?
Cannoli from Siciliy.
Key Lime Pie
Keto Chocolate Chip Cookies
New year’s Eve supper
A Homer Simpson style donut 🍩
Deep Fried Twinkie
Pan Cheese Pizza
Breakage isn’t always a bad thing! It’s actually necessary to reach peak Flavortown when making Thai curry (Panang shown here). Sorry this isn’t the best picture, I couldn’t help but have a taste before snapping the shot.
Rice with seared pork and Thai red curry sauce
pastor tacos in Mexico ! My favorite.
Cornbread topped Chili
garlic butter salmon, turmeric rice, and asparagus
Sukiyaki (Japanese hot pot)
waffles with strawberries in a peach/plum sauce, and whipped cream
Glazed ham, roasted sprouts, carrot purée and candied nuts.
Sablés à la confiture food
The "Mas Macho" Burrito.
oreo cheesecake
Korean pork belly lettuce wraps
Any Mussle fans here? Most people I know don’t like them. I don’t eat them often, maybe twice a year but always a feast with different dips, some salad and french fries.
- How about a bun with chocolate with chocolate creme anglaise on top topped of with chocolate crumble?
Garlic, shallot, and wine clams
a lemon meringue cruffin
Chicken and Green Onion Omelette with Herb and Garlic White Cheddar.
spicy grilled chicken enchiladas
Bánh mì Thịt nướng and Bánh mì Cá mòi
Ribs and beans.
Beef and broccoli
Brownie letters
Smoked, Locally Sourced, Beef Short Ribs
Call it a Breakfast Blanket. Egg and tortilla wrap with sausage and cheese.
Morning baking - blueberry muffins with coffee :) Indeed a good morning !
macarons! All of those colors look so pretty together 😍
PORK TACOS WITH RICE
Genoese Pesto
Plant-based Seitan-steak with veggies, pesto on top and a cup of double-espresso
Seared Ahi Tuna
German Soft Pretzels w/ Beer Cheese Dip
Hot cocoa cup bomb
Paper Craft | Kluna Tik eating PLANTS vs ZOMBIES in Real Life #2 - Game ...
smoked ribs, beans, &amp; slaw.
blackberry and strawberry cheesecake :)
Pumpkin spice loaf
Caldo de Costilla (Columbian Short Rib Soup)
HP Police orders probe after video of cop beating man goes viral - Deccan Herald
fresh pasta with a hollandaise based carbonara, seared scallops, bacon and some chives
Waygu tomahawk ribeye
White sauce BBQ pork macaroni
Pizza with burrata, rocket and tomato.
sticky sweet and sour pork belly
I never cook so this pie is really nice in my opinion
artisan chocolate
French Onion Mac 'n Cheese
Vegan breakfast. Beans, tomatoes, mushrooms, avacado, scrambled tofu and toast
Ribs ribs ribs on the smoker! I just love it over all.
Indonesian Donut Chicken Drumstick
Alfajores de dulce de Leche
Pumpkin Sago Dessert(low-sugar ver.)
Mango roll and California’s
Kimchi Potato Pancakes
Chicken and Rice
Brining my turkey
Crispy roasted potato with garlic and rosemary
eggs Benedict with salmon, spinach and tomato. Paired with corn beef hash and bacon.
fresh salad with green apple and radish and falafel
Turkish Eggs
slushy cocktail
I love Neapolitan style pizza!
an amazing charcuterie spread
Egg in-a Hole
Chocolate Cake with Only 3 Ingredients కేవలం ఈ 3 ఉంటే చాలు చాక్లెట్ కేక్ ని సింపుల్ గా చేసుకోవచ్చు
Mini Meat Pies
Cunchwrap Supreme
Greek meatballs with tzatziki, riced cauliflower risotto, Greek vegetable stew and asparagus. (Week 6 of our Masterchef challenges that we do/tag team challenge).
Donuts from Hurts Donut in Katy, TX
Neapolitan Pizza with Fresh mozzarella, Artichokes and Bacon
Bento lunch for hubby!  Sweet and sour chicken, boiled egg, spinach, and green bamboo rice!
mushroom Philly cheesesteak with a garlic feta sauce
Gingery Brownie Crinkle Cookies
Chocolate Traybake
Moroccan Tagine Vegetarian with Mixed Vegetable.
Ethiopian traditional food #kitfo
Indian-inspired beet &amp; bean dip on toast, topped with avocado.
Chocolate cupcakes with raspberry cream cheese frosting
Sushi Bowls
Rhode Island Style Calamari
おにぎりonigiri
Chunky sweet potato chili
3 cheese, ham and spring onion toastie with a fried egg
Biscuits and Gravy
Whole lamb chest cooked like a savage.
smoked pastrami sandwich with kraut, mustard, mayo, and grilled onions.
Bacon Blue Cheese Burger
A breakfast-esque grilled cheese on brioche.
seared oregano chicken with creamy pesto and tomato orzo
pork and red cabbage gyoza
Alfredo Pasta with Sausages
https://ift.tt/3rBHZtf
Macaroni cakes and Zeinab's fingers.
shake avocado
Kangaroo meat for the Raclette for Christmas
Marinated then Grilled Chicken Tikka Masala. Happy Diwali!
how to create zoom account 2020
Peanut Butter Cookies, Anyone?
baked mac n’ cheese
Medu Vada with coriander and coconut chutney.
fried spam &amp; egg in ramen
Chocolate ganache and toasted hazelnut cheesecake
Sunday roast. Harrisa roasted cauliflower, roast potatoes, orange glazed carrots, cavalo nero &amp; onion gravy.
Braised leg of deer with venison-port reduction, homemade spaetzle and baked pumpkin
Dry aged Ribeye cooked to 130 degrees F
Bison/Alberta Beef Meatloaf with CBD Infused Caesar Salad
Roast Leg of Lamb 🐑
Who would love to suck the cake off my toes? X Jade 👅
Oven BBQ Chicken, Potato Salad &amp; Mushy Peas
cherry cheesecake
Dark chocolate molten lava cake with vanilla ice cream.
Filipino Chicken Afritada
scallops carpaccio with tomatoes and capers
‘Beetlejuice’ dinner party scene shrimp hand (large teriyaki salmon roll and butter garlic shrimp)
carrot cake with salty caramel
Hatch the vegg
Garlic and Coriander Naan Bread
My two favorite foods, eggs and cheesy fries
Strawberry and cream cake
spicy calzone with salad and chilli sauce
so tender I cut it with a butter knife. Happy Sunday Reddit
Matar Paneer
Butternut Squash Risotto
My take on poke
Strawberry drizzle cheesecake golden oreo blondie
Sous Vide Tri-tip
Chip buckets in Cromer, UK
My dad made a very sad leftover turkey pot pie...
shrimp avocado salad with sweet potato wedges
Veggie Livers Pizza!! Welcome 2021
Reddit famous “Nanas Devils Food Cake”
Breakfast Pizza with Hashbrown Crust
Meatball pasta bake.
toasted ciabatta w/halloumi, tomato and red pesto, finished with olive oil.
Stollen
Feta salad w/beef and onion skewers.
Shalala Bowl
Mutton curry
McGriddle with veggie sausage patty, duck bacon, scrambled egg and a maple syrup glaze and mimosa for our fancy fast food night.
Hand pulled noodles with teriyaki venison meatballs
Spicey spaghetti bolognese with mushroom and fresh basil.
golden cake filled with vanilla pastry cream iced in swiss merengue buttercream. Bon appetit.
Sausage, saffron &amp; almond risotto.
radish and turnip kimchee.
Bacon Smash Burger!
I made this: Pan seared scallops with carrot purée and salad with wasabi peas, mandarins, pine nuts and Kens Asian Salad dressing.
Salad and Sausage Roll With Thyme, Sage, and Nutmeg, and Mustard
quarantine ramen with mushrooms!
Some Saag Paneer I had last night. I’m trying to lose weight by going vegatarian for a few days.
. Cappelletti: stuffed with ricotta, pecorino, and prosciutto. Tossed in a rosemary butter sauce. Fatta a Mano
Sourdough bread
octopus
Pork shoulder cooked for 6 hours.
Homemade pho
chicken and vegetable kebabs with mushroom rice pilaf
Baja Fish Tacos
Deep Fried Tofu (Agedashi)
Chicken Salad. Chicken, bacon, ranch, avocado
Carrot &amp; Coriander Soup with Carrot Flakes and homemade bread.
BBQ Ribs and Steak, with Stuffed Portobello and Creamy Mash
Indian Rесіреѕ Bесоmіng Mоrе Pорulаr Evеrу country hаѕ thе оwn ѕресіаl сuіѕіnе, аnd Indіаn сuіѕіnе іѕ bесоmіng more popular nоwаdауѕ. In every Indіаn restaurant аll over thе wоrld, thе numbеr оf реорlе who visited thеrе in a dау is increasing.
Puri and Chole for Diwali
Donors gave a House candidate more than $8 million. A single firm took nearly half of it. - The Washington Post
Ethiopian Food is Party Food!
Pan fried brussel sprouts with parmesan cheese
Short Rib, Mashed Turnips, Roasted Brussels
Thai Marian plums &amp; Japanese strawberries
garlic crusted prime rib, roasted in a vintage Green Egg.
NY Strip w Peppers &amp; Asparagus, Steak Fries, and a pint of Root Beer
Me and my family’s thanksgiving spread
Walleye chowder and cheddar biscuits
Potato Salad Crunchwraps
How often do you guys try these with your more sour and bitter fruits? There's a bunch of variants of these things on the market; I love them. I let 2 dehydrated halves slowly dissolve/break down on my tongue for a few min, then chew them up, and then it makes my oranges &amp; grapefruit super sweet!
Japanese cookies and cream soufflé pancakes
Fries with joppie sauce
French Toast with homemade bread
The Perfect Burger.
olive oil upgrade
Italian sausage and eggplant casserole made with a béchamel sauce
Buttercream Nightmare Before Christmas Cake
Mi Hoanh Thanh
Mushroom Cashew Cream Pasta with Homemade Sourdough Garlic Bread
Sausage Egg Cheese, Asiago bagel
sea urchin scramble.
pepperoni and Italian sausage pizza
Thanksgiving sandwich
Swedish Meatballs! Delicious!
Chocolate, Chocolate Chip Sourdough Bread
Eggplant!
Soondubu so good.
Bacon Maple Waffles
Salami and pepperoncini pepper pizza
Five cheese &amp; pesto &amp; marinara casserole
Maple Syrup Apple Sausage Roll
Stuffed bread
Cassava cupcake
Chocolate Milkshake Recipe
PB&amp;J kid's lunch for "Save a Spider Day" (03/14)
Spelt bread
Dear carpaccio
Poke Bowls
Honey Butter Fried Chicken
Filipino Sizzling Sisig
I  Lemontarte
chicken tikka masala with garlic naan
Deep-fried Turkey
Ribeyes and smashed potatoes!!
Pretzel Dogs
Chowder
Risotto Tahdig style
Misal Pav
Bacon, ricotta, pineapple, and pickled jalapeño pizza
Chicken and Waffles with Bacon Gravy
Lime Tart
Smoked pork shoulder for pulled pork.
Greek fajitas
sweet potato sliders with caramelised onion hummus, sunflower and sesame seeds, cracked black pepper, virgin olive oil and a chunk of roasted garlic
Chicken-Lickin’ 🍗
Kluna Tik comiendo TODA la Familia PIGGY para la Cena sonidos de comid...
Caprese Salad
Chicken &amp; Mushroom Rice
Homemade Cosmic Brownies
Ribeye steak with asparagus
Herb-crusted pork chop, garlic-rosemary mash, simple roasted brocc!
Chicken shish
this delicious macaroon in France and to share it
unfiltered food - avocado and poached egg on toast
German chocolate (birthday) cake
Lavain Bakery-Style Cookies
Prime Rib Roast and Sides
Steak Tacos with Cheese and Pineapple Salsa
Beef Stew and Dumplings
I made  strawberry shortcake. It was really yummy and I’m happy with how it came out.
Chocolate Almond Brownies with Orange Sauce
vanilla ice cream with vanilla yoghurt, chocolate sauce and banana
Chinese style slow cooked spicy beef with noodles.
Creamy chicken pot pie soup over drop biscuits
Peanut Butter Pie

Detroit Style Pizza with Pepperoni and Chorizo
Roasted Cauliflower, Tahini, Za’atar and Caramelized Onions.
Creamy mushroom pasta
Indian Chicken Curry Potato Nachos
Pastrami style smoked salmon, capers, and cream cheese on roasted garlic crostini
Filled pumpkin on the smoker, that was amazing!
soda bread.
Bacon, egg &amp; fish finger sandwich
Lithuanian "babka"
blueberry and honey cream crepes...or really thin pancakes
caprese flatbread drizzled with balsamic
Smoked salmon terrine with peeky-toe crab, salsa, parsley and yellow bell pepper juices
“” Almond Flour Cake Recipes; Top 4 Yummy Cakes You Should Try
Dark chocolate * Cayenne pepper * Raspberries
Garlic sauce pizza made with a fermented dough and topped with grilled chicken, caramelized onions, roasted red peppers, and feta cheese.
fresh egg pasta
Rustic BLP Sandwich - Bacon, lettuce &amp; pickles
Braised short rib and mashed potatoes
kaptin krunch only pebbles cereal bars.

Creamy chicken and wild rice soup.
Hot Cocoa with Peppermint Marshmallows
buffalo wild wings
Yeast raised Doughnuts
idli tossed in mustard seeds, curry leaves and green chillies.
Chocolate Samosa Inside Pav Is The Latest Viral Food Combo. Would You Try It?
Chocolate Toffee Nutties
Baked broccoli with pomegranate and bulgur
Burn's Night Elgin Mess
Pasteis de nata
Grilled pork lettuce wraps.
Veggie-Patties
chicken and shrimp congee (rice porridge)
Buffalo Chicken Dip topped with tater tots and crispy chicken skin
Cornbread
Smoked Brisket Pizza
Baked corn dogs with mac and cheese
Leftovers sandwich
Thai red curry and Thai fried rice
this falafel
Homemade empanadas!
Perfectly DEE-licious stuffed shells
Pork tonkatsu w/ jasmine rice &amp; curry sauce
found a great use for leftover Thanksgiving ham
Chef pkk made food”
It's not an OVNI it's a Fondant au chocolat (fudgy browny kinda)
Birria Tacos de Res
Peurquitos
Pan Fried Shrimp &amp; Pesto
Cornmeal Perch on Arugula with Quick Pickled Onions and Radish
Avatar the last airbender sugar cookies
Ribeye, French fries, charred corn on the cob, and roasted cauliflower
Pineapple Cake
Thin crust cheese pizza with spicy tomato sauce.
Moose Steak
An Italian risotto with pumpkin, mushrooms, sausages and amaretto crumble
Capsicum Tomato Curry in Telugu కాప్సికం టమాట కూర ఈ విధంగా చేసుకుంటే చాలా రుచిగా ఉంటుంది
Loaded pork rinds - in house fried pork rinds with cheese, pulled pork, jalapeño, onions and a creamy mayo sauce
Thanksgiving Leftovers Pizza
Hot Pot!
scrambled egg, banana, vegi sausage and black pudding
Steamed Buns
Chocolate Lovers Cheesecake
year 2 of roulade for turkey day. Right: tikka masala with rice, peas, and potatoes. Left: traditional stuffing with dried cherries. Sous vide and browned in a pan.
Pork Roll Egg ‘n Cheese on Everything. Pepper Ketchup Hot Sauce
panzerotti
very special chana chaat
A damn good Pizza
baked sausage, butternut squash and apple risotto.
Creamy white beans with herb oil and crispy garlic
Guacamole, tortilla, and seasoned vegan shrimp
Chicken Kebab &amp; Egg Burger
Pretzel with an aged white cheddar sauce
S u s h i
Basil Scones with cream cheese spread
Chicken Ala Vodka with Spaghetti and Peppers
I made Chicken, Chorizo and Prawn Paella 😋
chicken + chorizo + clams + shrimp paella
Poached egg on rye toast
Sushi with Tempura Shrimp
Popeyes popcorn chicken with Goat feta salad
Italian Chickpea Tomato Soup.
Portuguese Sausage Seasoned Spam, Egg, and Cheese Breakfast Sandwich.

Fried rice topped with garlic fried eggs
Mushroom and spinach brown rice with black-eyed beans, topped with an egg and greek yoghurt
chocolate cupcakes 😋
Herb crusted rack of lamb with fingerling potatoes and mint Greek yogurt served with a strawberry and mint sauce
Chicken broth with meatballs
red caviar canapés
Lions Head Meatballs with Curry Broth
Bacon, Eggs &amp; Spicy Italian Sausage
Egg
Beer-Basted Boar Ribs from the World of Warcraft cookbook
Orecchiette tossed in pesto
Buffalo-Caesar and picked crab salad with Old Bay/honey drumettes
Scallops with lemon-caper orzo
Lemon, onion, garlic, Mama Lil's peppers, tomato, mushroom shrimp and lobster ravioli
turkey, giblet stuffing, mashed potatoes, cabbage and gravy
HÙNG với canh Xương Hầm từ HÀI CỐT cô dâu Ma💀 - Thánh Nấu Ăn ASMR Cr...
Japanese curry bread
Gingerbread Millennium Falcon
Cheeseburger with jalepeno aioli.
Artichoke and Prosciutto Pizza on Sourdough Crust
Perfect boiled eggs
Beef and Chorizo smash burger, homemade chipotle sauce
Junior’s Chocolate New York Cheesecake
Fish n lettuce
Chick Tawouk
Fish tikka
vanilla custard pie
Filet Mignon
Pasta negra con salsa de langostinos y jamón serrano
Banana bread with soya custard and olive oil replacing butter and milk because I ran out
lava chicken &amp; blue lagoon mojito!
Fig brûlée with black truffle burrata
Flamekissed Wagyu Picanha ASMR
Crispy oven potatoes
Sweet Tomatoes Mac and cheese back in February. Delicious stuff!
I think this fine brunoise for a salsa is so satisfying
Korean Spicy Shrimp and Rice with homegrown kimchi and fermented sunflower microgreens
penne pasta with chicken in a vodka cream sauce
Takoyaki. Fingers crossed!
Yule log being carved
bagels!
Golumpki (beef stuffed cabbage rolls)
Fresh baked Baguette toasted with Brown Sugar, Maple Syrup &amp; Cinnamon
Không Thể Tin Nổi Bánh Donuts Được Làm Từ LỒNG CHUỘT HAMSTER | Crazy Che...
“” Pork tenderloin medallions with a homemade rub of ground coffee and ancho chili. Plus whipped yams with Gouda cheese and butter. Roasted broccoli.
Sugar free almond flour chocolate chip cookies
Scrambled Kale Eggs with Onions and Peppers
moon chocolate
Eggplant zucchini mushroom green pepper tomatoes 💚💕
lobster sashimi
A roll w/ bacon egg &amp; cheese and huevos rancheros tacos
Cranberry-Apricot Chutney
Smoked chicken fried rice, papaya - cucumber sunomono salad.
Croque madame with a spinach and rocket salad.
Swirly Cookies
Mega Ramen, Sydney, Australia
Cheesecake
Latkes with sour cream and apple sauce
Spicy vodka rigatoni with chicken thigh
Beef stew
r/Foodthis opportunity
this boule
I made 10 pies for family and friends (socially distance drop off of course)
Shrimp fajitas with rice and beans.
Maggi Fried Chicken Sandwich
Salt and Pepper Chicken
Lightly breaded Scallops
Cinnamon Pull Apart Bread
Beef Plate Short Ribs
Butternut squash mashed potatoes with beechwood smoked bacon
Pizza slice melted cheese food
Duck fat potatoes 🦆🥔
New York strip, coleslaw, baked potato loaded with cheese, sour cream, chives, and a roasted rosemary and bacon crumb
Charcuterie - the best one I have ever made
kimchi fried rice with Mexican chorizo
Shortbread cookies 2 ways: dark chocolate dipped and white choices rasberry.
Don't ignore these 10 warning signs of Cervical Cancer - Sify
Full English Breakfast
Cheesy Jalapeño Cornbread with Butter, Honey &amp; Chilli Jam
The carbotron 4000
Sit back and enjoy some  delicious sardine ice cream!
fresh pasta with pesto
homemade cheesecake w/lemon zest
“Perfectly Preserved Pie” Vanilla Cheesecake with Strawberry Sauce and Caramel Buttercream Icing
Lobstah
I made sushi  .... the spicy Mayo needs work. It was okay.
Balsamic Chicken Salad
Bacon wrapped cheeseburguer
Double Cheeseburger, Bacon, Pickle, Grilled and Crispy Onions On Brioche
Buttermilk-brined quail and waffles with a quail egg, sorghum butter and whiskey pecan maple syrup
Chicken Pasta
Nothing changes between me and Virat, he is my captain and I am his deputy: Rahane - Times of India
افضل تطبيق راديو للاندرويد والايفون بدون انترنت 2021 Triple Rainbow Cake
cottage cheese pancakes
My perfect burger. Smoked cheddar cheese, caramelized onions, pickles and special sauce.
Microwave Pizza
Char siu bao, sticky rice, and Sichuan green beans.
Chicken with mushroom sauce, mashed taters and roasted carrots
Beef Bourgignon
Raffaello Coconut Balls - More Than Words💝 (NO condensed milk )✔
rainbow and pumpernickel rye lox bagels
Ravioli in a Sage Butter Sauce
Square pizza
Frozen Pizza
Sundried Tomato Pasta
indian flatbread with soya peas and potatoes
little goat and buckwheat porridge
Popcorn Cauliflower with proper chips and peas.
Homemade German Pierogies🤤
Cointreau, rosemary, vanilla apple pie with a salted butter crust.
Salt and Pepper Chicken Box

waffle zoo
Ribeye Tartare with OG Pringles
flat iron
Creme de Cacao &amp; Petites Pommes Pan Di Spagna with an Apricot Liqueur Glaze
Smoked baby back ribs on the Weber Smokey Mountain. I ate these after smoking and they were amazing!!
Prime rib, double-baked spud, and Brussels sprouts with bacon.
3 Step Cake Making | 3 layer cake decorating ideas | wedding cake design...
Beef stroganoff using the Instant Pot. Really enjoyed it.
Steak and prawns
Cinnamon French toast topped w/ sliced almonds, berries, cream cheese &amp; caramelized dates
My attempt at  Japanese Pork Udon Noodle Soup
orange cake
Chicken Parm and Fusilli
Cheesesteak Kurnik
Sausage Fra Diavolo with Thin Spaghetti
I made another Crunchwrap Supreme but I did it at work and used filet mignon.
Chef Davide Bazzali - Tagliatelle &amp; O Sole Mio
BEEF STEW!
king prawn and bacon Alfredo
Eventide Brown Butter Lobster Roll
Family of 11-year-old boy who died in an unheated Texas mobile home sues power companies for over $100 million - The Washington Post
GF and I made a Charcuterie board, I am quite proud of it!
Spaghetti with meat sauce
Smokehouse Combo from Chilis
Pork &amp; prawn wrapped in rice paper roll
Jaggery Cookies
Mole Negro Short Rib Taco
a brunch burrito + French fries
Nutella Toasty! 🔥 You deserve it!
the hole sushi tray
Sous Vide prime rib
Salsa Macha

Halibut poached in chili &amp; tomatoes w/ spinach and angel hair, shaved parm
Grilled Chicken
,Thánh Nấu Ăn - Món Salad Nga Từ Đồ Hello Kitty Cực CUTE - Crazy Chef ASM...
Chocolate cake with cherry filling and chocolate icing
Buffalo chicken sandwich
How To Make Good Fried Fish With Delicious Rice With The Secret Egyptian Recipe homemade "
I made kimchi!
Angels of Assisi hosts drive-thru pet food pantry - WDBJ
Pan seared beef tongue.
Curry Laksa
Indian puris with vegetable curry
a chocolate and raspberry cupcake.
Tripa alla fiorentina
Lobster Ravioli with grated Parmigiano-Reggiano and Roasted Cherry Tomatoes
Roasted veggies for lunch. There's more on the stove if you want some. ;)
Peruvian grilled chicken
"Kacchi Kadak" , An Indian Street food prepared from toast
Chicago Pizza!
Sour cream, lemon and avocado pancakes
Arepaburger
Spicy Honey Butter Fried Chicken on Waffles
Grillin
Handmade pasta
donuts for my daughter's birthday
basil balsamic glaze diced tomatoes fresh basil fresh diced garlic on banquette toasted to liking
Skillet Fried Ground Beef Taco with roasted jalapeños and Jack Cheese w/ romaine, green onion, cilantro and cumin sour cream.
Italian soup-minestrone with tortellini from Bologna
Hot Turkey sammie with the fixin's!
Hummus courtesy of my pro chef brother! Wish i was a better photographer because the hummus deserves a good one.
This awesome  mermaid cake!
Succulent Chinese Meal
oven roasted lobster with garlic butter
Three-Cheese Taco Frito Pie - Shredded lettuce, diced tomatoes &amp; jalapeño peppers on a bed of pinto beans, Frito chips, taco meat, shredded cheddar cheese, ghost pepper cheese, and queso dip, topped with sour cream and served with salsa
Brown Sugar Milk Tea
Get your food waste to those who need it - Toledo Blade
Chana Masala
Teriyaki Chicken + Sides
garlic and thyme bear oil
Spice Blends
Getting ready to roast this beauty!
Tteokbokki
Pulled pork tacos with plantain shells
fudgy brownies
Moto G Stylus (2021), Moto G Power (2021), Moto G Play (2021), Motorola One 5G Ace Launched: All the Deta... - Gadgets 360
Beef Rouladen.
Korean BBQ chicken
Rueben on Rye at Caffeine Villains in Newport
Rasberry tea in a skeleton cup. Happy halloween!
Thin crust pepperoni
Kheer Paneer Poori
Garden Pink Brandywine Heirloom Tomato &amp; Basil Caprese Salad
This cake my friend made for my birthday today!
salmon and prawns in a tomato and white wine sauce
i made Pasta with chicken steaks and mushrooms.
Vietnamese beef noodle soup
cheeseburger!
Peach cake with vanilla pudding
Shepards Pie
caramel coated eclairs filled with vanilla pastry cream
black bean soup
Carnitas Breakfast Tacos
chicken stuffed Cubanelle peppers
Penne alla Vodka
Gnocchi with chunky tomato sauce
Coorg Special Authentic Pandi Curry Coorg style Pork Curry and Thaliaputt and teamed Savory Rice Cake
Chicken wings!
Steak au Poivre with a side of kale salad
Maple Soy Chicken with Bok Choy and Garlic Rice
Dumplings and Shanghai noodles
A Donut with a Pop-Tart inside it
Cannolis
Chicken Parm Alfredo
Toasts with tomatoes, cucumber, brie, scrambled eggs, fried mushrooms, fried paprika, prosciutto and avocado
Crock Pot Mississippi Chicken with Mashed Red Potatoes and Chinese Broccoli
juice chocolate with peanuts
Pancake with cooked apple, whipped cream, vanilla ice cream with maple syrup
Some lovely salad I just had
Thanksgiving leftover waffles
Pretzel Salat
Christmas porchetta
Nothing impressive, but I've never had an oven before and I just moved to A new Apartment. So pizza!
Paris Brest. Choux Pastry filled with Praline Mousseline Cream
Smoked ribs, pulled pork butt &amp; sausages
Typical indian thali
Polenta
sushi at a fancy restaurant
Carbonnade a la Flamande
Sticky Chelsea Buns with dried cranberries and dates, apricot jam glaze, and sugar lemon drizzle
Yesterday I invited a girl, made him some chocolates, bought him a rose, and we went to eat at the mc. I'm very happy!!!
Beef Bourguignon Pot Pie
An Englishmans' second attempt at American biscuits
Spicy pesto pasta alla vodka
jalapeño goat cheese burger
Peanut Butter and Chocolate Chip Pancakes with Maple Syrup!!
chipotle bowl
Caesar salad
Pork Dumplings
12 hour pork butt
Strawberry and Mulberry Pie
Hollandaise Sauce with Kadahi Chicken
pizza bianca four kinds
Gambas con salsa de tomate
My friends shrimp chicken stir fry, with mother nature’s nectar.
Summer squash and cherry tomato pasta!
HDFC Q3 net profit declines 65% to ₹2,926 cr - Mint
Dirty burger
lemon pie with meringue
winter spareribs
Yellow Curry Chicken !
an ass apple haha
I made sone dinner rolls today
“”chicken tacos with peppers and flour tortillas
Chocolate Espresso Crinkle Cookies
Grilled T-boners
Stout &amp; juniper T-bones, cheese biscuits w/ garlic herb butter, and leeks
Cajun Chicken/Sausage Jambalaya
Here's how much battery OLED iPhone 12 saves in Dark Mode as compared to iPhone 11 - HT Tech
Sweet potato pancakes
BBQ Bhuja &amp; Blue Cheese Turkey Croissant.
Fried chicken sandwich on a brioche bun with spicy Mayo and famous Dave’s devils spit pickles
"Subway" Bread
Green Peas Kabab - So Soft It Will Melt in Mouth
Retalble
Charcuterie with very excited oil and balsamic
Baguettes
Vegan Bagels
Chicken Couscous
Chicken-Flavored tofu with soft boiled eggs and broccoli. With mangosteen nectar to drink.
Salami, smoked ham, garlic sausage, pickles, tomato, mature cheddar, black pepper mayo on toasted brioche.
1 Pan Mediterranean Shrimp
A snack if i do say so myself
Spaghetti and beef meatballs with garlic bread
almond ricotta cake!
Saviata cookies
BLT with garlic fries and a pickle.
French Onion Soup with Homemade Garlic Bread
a passion fruit macaron
roasted garlic hummus.
tonkatsu with butter rice
outdoor BBQ
Turkey Breast, Croquettes, and rice stuffing for one.
Classic grilled cheese with crispy wedges on the side.
Red Velvet cupcakes with cream cheese buttercream
Pumpkin seed sourdough bread
Carrot cinnamon cake!
Wagyu Beef Yakiniku
Cake Torte Dessert Sweet
Japanese Strawberry Shortcake
Wok fried chilli pepper minced pork with carrots and cabbage
Thánh Nấu Ăn - Bánh CREPE CẦU VỒNG Làm Từ Họa Cụ Sắc Màu - Crazy Chef AS...
Mutton Yakhni Pulao Quick &amp; Easy Recipe
Chocolate Crinkle Cookies
rocky road sundae with salted caramel, popcorn , brownie , pecan and ice-cream
NOLA style Debris Poboy Cheesecake
this melty sammich (Deli Board in SF!)
Sashimi, Poke, Nigiri
Khasta Kachori on the Indian festival of Holi
olive bread
garlic and herb cream cheese bagel with tomato, basil and chilli jam.
https://ift.tt/3r5d9ZF
Giant 4lb cheeseburger on fresh baked potato roll
Egg's Benedict with Bacon+Mushroom
Pasta with ground beef and pees
Kashmiri Harissa
Thai Red Curry with Jasmine Rice
Watch: The Kiffness' collab with a Turkish street drummer goes viral  - The South African
every part! Barbacoa, corn salsa, poblano cream sauce, refried beans all on top of lime rice! Chipotle who?!
Apple and pear pie, a healthy snack
Fresh Springrolls
Christmas morning sushi anyone?
Carrot cake
1 kg Porterhouse, filet on left, NY on right on cut
Cheesy garlic bread
cookie-politan cookie (cookies and cream, chocolate chip, &amp; brownie)
Best 🥐  ever
gluten-free churro cupcakes with a cajeta surprise!
How to Make Black Garlic Ribs
Bluefin Tuna and Veggie Medley
Giải đáp tất tần tật về tiêu chuẩn Iso 9001 cho bạn
Salmon fillet, chilli &amp; soy
Spinach ricotta ravioli in brown butter sage sauce
I TRY THE CARROT CAKE, and it's excellent
lemon glazed donut
Fresh Spring Roll and Peanut (Almond) Sauce
Mitarashi Doughnuts
Warm Tricolor Potato Salad with Parsnip Bacon
(Homemade) Cilantro Lime Shrimp and Chicken Tacoma
PF Chang’s style lettuce wraps
"" Ridge Gourd Curry|Beerakaya ulli karam in telugu|Beerakaya gutti kura|Gu...
Breakfast Skillet with a Balsamic Reduction
Versions of Your Favorite Childhood Foods Spaghetti
Snickers mud cake!
Beef ribs
Goan fish fry and shrimp fry
Turkey breast roulade with garlic green beans and dinner rolls
dry aged duck breast • honey + 5 spice lacquer • celeriac espuma • pistachio croquant dust
Was craving some beef, lol (beef teriyaki)
Black garlic guacamole
stuffed Manicotti
Kimchi bacon fried rice
sourdough bread - mixed with walnut and cranberry.
Charcuterie Box
Braised Brisket
She was glorious
Turkey Meatball Spinach Tomato Dish with Homemade Garlic Bread and Cabernet
tachin and Moroccan slow roasted pork with vegetables and fruit
Artisan Flatbread!
Strip steak with garlic asparagus, roasted garlic and herb mushrooms
Bread with crushed chilli and oregano baked in
loaded twice-baked potatoes
Intense Egg Curry
Flank steak with chimichurri, grilled asparagus, and crispy potatoes
Nothing fancy, just some double chocolate muffins
Honey-sriracha chicken thighs, jasmine rice, blistered green beans
Chili Cheese Fries
Pork tripe stew chicken
When the moon hits your eye
chilli cheese fries
How to Make Crepes -  Thin French Crepe Recipe
Miso Tori Paitan Ramen with Chashu Pork and Onsen Tamago
Japanese at home
Palestinian Msakhan,Chicken and Palestinian bread
https://ift.tt/3iHCsxS
Mutton Biryani with Sukka Varuval &amp; Chalna
48 hour Sousvide Beef ribs on top of charred kale salad
Applewood Smoked Spatchcock Chicken
Xmas Dinner
A Korean Breakfast
Seared scallops in beurre blanc, rare dry aged strip, grilled asparagus and onion, carrot and apple slaw
Crayfish...? Crawfish? Anyway it was a good snack for beer.
japanese a5 wagyu (shinshu) ribeye
coconut milk ped buy online on amzon
Smoked spare ribs Al pastor style
A dish my mom used to make me back in Italy. Pan roasted chicken thighs finished in the oven with roasted vegetables. Simple yet delicious
Tortilenni soup
Baked potato
Tagliatelle slow cooked Beef Ragu
seafood boil
Pear pie with brown sugar whipped cream and candied walnuts.
Halloumi-Maultaschen Burger
Betty Crocker chocolate fudge cake, dressed with walnuts
Salsa verde chicken soup.
Two Tex Mex Burgers
Creamy Clam Chowder &lt;3
Triple Berry Smoothie 😋🍓
Check this Pita Bread
This Loaded Roast Beef Sandwich!
Bubble tea anyone? (Matcha)
Burgers with homemade buns
cast iron Brussel sprouts with blue cheese on top.
Carne Adovada
Manchurian
I ate a Formaggie e Rucola - Creamy ricotta, mozzarella, blue cheese, provolone, Parmesan, olives, walnuts and rocket. This was the ingredients, it took me so long to figure out rocket!
Chocolate Chip Cookies and Cream cheesecake, with white and dark chocolate ganache and whipped vanilla cream
Swabian-style Pretzel
Jumbo shells in bolognese with burrata.
Sriracha tofu, broccoli, rice and quinoa
MINECRAFT, Making Meat Skewer from Peppa Pig in Real Life - Stop Motion ...
Since everyone is posting there favorite food, here's mine.  cheddar cheese Pringles. :)
roasted potatoes
French Loaves
Mexican Street Tacos
Keto Everything Rolls
Blueberry muffins
Prime Ribeye for thanksgiving. Cause why not.
New York Strip Steak!
Spaghetti With Marinara Sauce, Pancetta And Parmigiano
Steak, Asparagus, Pasta | Before/After
Asian glass noodle soup
Okonomiyaki with Prawns &amp; Bacon
Two pizzas
Thánh Nấu Ăn - Ác Quỷ TIÊU DIỆT Thiên Thần Để Làm Đồ Ăn - Crazy Chef ASM...
Smoked Fish Pasta
Meyer Lemon Poppy Cake with copious amounts of Royal Icing
Croque Monsieur et Madame.
Jeyuk Bokkeum
an ice cream sandwich
Red Curry Butternut Squash Soup
Cheesesteak!
oreo shake. It is amazing and tastes delicious. Do you want to try it?
mushroom risotto
Vanilla bean mango rose tart
Ramen in Veggie and mushroom broth with mushroom and tofu dumplings.

Pineapple bacon pizza with balsamic glaze
made this beautiful chutery board last night
peanut butter granola
Grilled Chicken.
Lemon Shortbread Cookies with Walnuts
BBQ Chicken Pieces
INDIAN FOOD
Hot Chicken Sandwich &amp; French75
Cookie Dough Cake
Korean KimChi and Kimbap
(F)irst light wagyu ribeye, 40 day dry aged ribeye, Maine lobster tails and foie gras for Valentine’s Day dinner
Chicken Rasta Pasta!
Pan-Seared Cod in White Wine Tomato Basil Sauce
Mille-feuille nabe
Wet beef barbacoa tacos with beef consommé and queso fresco
Chinese fried pork chops
Elk patties with gravy and blackcurrant jelly
Blueberry and lemon croissants
Som tam (Thai papaya salad), a soysauce and mirin cured egg, and fragrant rice
New York Cheesecake
Gluten-free faggots
Cream Puffs with vanilla filling
🍔
semolina halva
Carna Asada Tacos
filet mignon, scallops, and prosciutto wrapped asparagus
Khinkali (georgian dumplings) stop motion.
Fried rice w/ Shrimp
Cooking Live Lobster! Chinese Style Salt and Pepper Lobster.
Roasted Vegetables
Century old egg
Meatball-loaf with Tomato-Vegetable Gravy
First attempt at tourtière
Teriyaki salmon stir fry with udon noodles
southern fried green tomatoes! Just like my grandma used to make!
Bibimbap with gojuchang and sesame oil drizzle
milk bread hamburger rolls
Seafood Linguine
Mid-rare ribeye and cheesy mashed potatoes.
Banana bread with toasted hazelnuts
Oak Firewood Roast Chicken | Dutch Oven | Wilderness
Meow
Mozzarella Sticks
Mango Sticky Rice. Im still making tha sauce tho.
Red lentil dhal with yellow split peas
Puff pastry with red pesto, cherry tomatoes, peppadew peppers, red onion, tapas meats, mozzarella and parmesan.
Chickpea Spinach Coconut Curry
Coconut cream cheesecake with caramel delites
carrot soup
Tenderloin, asparagus, artichoke, tomatoes &amp; mushroom sauce.
beef shank and daikon over rice
HOBO sandwich on brioche (Ham On Bagel Omelette)
Meat Pies.
Lemon coconut cake
Sauerkraut soup.
Shrimp Tagliatelle
MARKET LIVE: Sensex up 400 points from days low
Molten Ganache lava cake ( blueberry compote because I had no ice cream)
Thai Tea Shaved Ice
Salmon, crayfish, leek and spinach risotto
Gordon Ramsey's Seared Scallops With Creamed Corn and Bacon
reverse sear tri tip
India's vaccine production capacity is best asset world has today, says UN chief - Hindustan Times
salted caramel pretzel cheesecake.
Red velvet cake with cream cheese filling and vanilla swiss meringue buttercream
Tesla's annual sales up 36% but comes short of delivery goal - Moneycontrol
A charcuterie board with great colors and flavors!
Strawberry Cheesecake Cake
Chicken Picatta
Cheddar buttermilk biscuits with gala apple preserves
Japanese Pancake
Shrimp alfredo
Salmon Poke bowl
Waffle cone with cookies &amp; cream ice cream and a toasted marshmallow topping
Ribeye
coconut cake i made
Ramen with an Incredible Egg
Barria tacos
Halal Cart-style chicken and rice
Banana and oatmeal hot cake. I enjoy this breakfast.
Olive, cheese and apple snack tray
rib roast, crispy potatoes, and asparagus
blueberry jam
Baked Almond Butter Banana
Beef and mango fried rice
chicken parmesan with garlic butter French bread and whole wheat pasta
tonkotsu ramen with chashu pork belly and marinated eggs
Veggie burger with baked patato puree and rosted mushrooms
Mouth watering topping
Hummus and veggies
Trump Impeachment Trial: Live Updates - The New York Times
Perfect cookie for Christmas - Spicy Gingersnaps
Bucatini Cacio e Pepe
Durian and Walnut Muffins in the Philippines
pad thai
Double Smashburger on Homemade Brioche
charcuterie and cheese platter
Hotplate Spinach Tofu
Kunefe (a baked cheese, walnut, honey and vermicelli pastry)
Roast beef Sandwich
Prime Ribeye and Mashed Potatoes
This ship's cat in its little hammock
Air Fryer Egg Whites with Pork Belly on Toast
miso simmered mackerel and purple mashed potatoes
Lemongrass and saffron coconut cream broth with saba, chickpeas, and red rice.
Redemption Roast
Standing Prime Rib roast for New Years Day
CReam Cheese Jalapeno Poppers
Pumpkin-spice chicken &amp; waffles
The Perfect Homemade Apple Pie https://ift.tt/39Bt6jb
shrimp ramen
Bibimbap with Beef Bulgogi
Wine sous vide poached pears with fall spiced wine reduction and vanilla bean icecream.
Braunschweiger on toast
Grilled steak sandwich with fries
TAWA VEG.MASALA IDLI RECIPE\homemade easy-fast masala idli\quick evening snackpro/""chef#wellness #food #nutrition #healthylifestyle #healthyeating #recipes #cooking #yummy #foodblogger #tasty
Spiced Halloumi with Naan and side salad
Twix bars with toasted coconut
Roast beef and turkey sandwich on garlic cheese bread.
Wanna be McDonald Mac griddle thing (idek) But its delicious. Egg and waffle breakfast sandwich, im becoming a young little chef this is just one creation.😋
Blueberry Buttermilk Semifreddo
Beer battered fish tacos with chipotle-lime aioli, pickled red onion, slaw and radish.
SMOKEY BBQ JACKFRUIT WRAPS!!
Peruvian Ceviche
St-Viateur bagel and lox
Pickled eggs!
wood fired camp Pizza with a view
Swedish Kottfars Soppa (Beef Veg and Potato Soup)
Chicken soup with veggies
Ratatouille with a parmesan crust top
Lemon-Pepper Grilled Amberjack
Chinese 5 Spice Pork Rolls
Cucumber juice for weight loss
chicken broccoli carrot stir-fry
China Is Making It Harder To Solve The Mystery Of How Covid Began - NDTV
Lobster Mac and cheese with samphire and homemade pasta 🥰
Pan roasted chicken breast
tacos
Follow me for more recipes
After the holidays dinner for myself. Roasted a whole chicken over risotto and garlic lemon asparagus.
Blueberry compote and peach chiffon cake! It’s made like an asian bakery cake with whipped cream bc buttercream is too sweet for me.
fish &amp; chips
Vanilla Cupcakes
caramel black tea mousse cake
apple cider for fall weekends
Pineapple Upside Down Bundt Cake
Super fluffy banana pancakes
chocolate profiteroles
Bacon Egg Cheese Toaster with Mayo and pickles
Today's brunch, chia Pudding with peanut butter, oatmeal cookies and hard-boiled egg
spaghetti with a cream pesto sauce
flank steak reverse seared with beech wood
Classic apple pie
Chocolate Cake with fruits. What do you think?
Christmas dinner.
Venison chop with pan-roasted butternut squash, braised shallots, and bacon
Neapolitan-style pizza Margherita
KETO Friendly Spicy Buffalo Fried Chicken (Sandwich, not KETO)
Copycat Chili’s Country Fried Chicken
I made German Rouladen and it was amazing!
inaugural slice of Holiday Fruitcake.
Tomato Soup and Grilled Cheese
BBQ breakfast quesadilla
Scallops, black rice and swiss chard
Unboxing Home Tandoor
Maple Caramel Cheesecake #cheesecake #cooing_cue
does this apply for children? i need to know for a feast I'm throwing next week.
Fried Braised Pork Bee Hoon
Sausage stuffed jalapenos and poblanos. Three different cheese choices: cracked black pepper, sharp american, and asiago. Home grown green onions to garnish.
Sriracha chicken sandwich on homemade sourdough
Raspberry swirl cheesecake pops
Grilled Salmon
Epic  Lemon Chili Shrimp &amp; Branzino Con Spinaci, Pinoli e Uvetta (Sea Bass With Spinach, Pine Nuts &amp; Sultanas) - Wine With Food
Chocolate chip cookie with potato chips
Golden Cheesesteak Goodness @FedoroffsSteaks (Credit: @imma_eat_this)
Paneer tikka burgers
Chicken Supreme Pizza
Baby Barramundi with Thai style dressing 🌊
Fooling teachers 101
Focaccia bread topped with garlic, rosemary and red pepper flakes
Princess Diana Lets Young Prince William Do Her Makeup in Rare Behind-the-Scenes Video - PureWow
Cold Thai Noodle Salad
Garlic knot cheese pizza.
Chicken and Salad on Tortilla
Had a cabin weekend with a few friends. Smoked some wild-caught Rainbow Trout on a cherry and peach wood fire.
Grilled Chinese BBQ sauce pork ribs and fries
Spaghetti with Meat Sauce
Baked gnocchi with homemade sauce and lots of old cheddar.
Soft Pretzels and Cheese Dip!
Hearts of Palm Pizza
Black Bean Tostadas with feta and cilantro
Vanilla macarons with orange Italian meringue buttercream
some nice macaroni lmao look at the mouth watering clothes
Macaroni Casserole
Opera Cake 🍰 - needs more coffee syrup
Duck Breast Ramen
Pandesal
Texas BBQ Spread
Cardemom Buns
An approximately 3 dollar breakfast hash
the rainbow ...?
Thai Khao Soi with Crispy Tofu
Bush's Baked Beans, Hebrew National Hot Dogs, Lucerne Shredded Cheese, Spicy BBQ Sauce from Underwood Farms.
Strawberry Taho (Filipino Sweetened Soybean Pudding)
Birthday brownies!
Pan seared steak with oven-baked fries
Salsa Chicken with Roasted Veggies!
Bread bowls with loaded potato soup.
Beef with shiitake mushrooms and vegetables
Rainbow Cake!
Double smash patty, double bacon, homemade pickled red onion jalapeno and cayenne peppers, american cheese, mayo and dijon mustard pickle sauce, toasted brioche.
👌 Yogurt Soup Recipe
zucchini sauté
KitKat house
Bacon
Reindeer and Christmas tree cupcakes!
Skirt steak w/ chimichurri on a bed of fire-roasted corn/onion/peppers, roasted broccoli
Rainbow colour Honeycomb
Basic Mashed Potatoes
Enchiladas and quesadilla
Fried cod sandwich and home made waffle fry chips.
Rich Rocky Road Fudge
lasagne
Frikadeller med brun sovs og kartofler. Danish meatballs with brown sauce, potatoes, red cabbage and sliced pickled cucumbers.
Beef stew with cheese filled mash potato balls
Pav Bhaji
Mushroom, prosciutto on Neapolitan dough. Sunday in Melbourne sorted.
I made  taquitos de papa con queso (potato with cheese) &amp; chicken. With a cabbage salad with fresh lime juice, salt and pepper.
Fruity chicken curry with rice
Thanksgiving turkey 💯🔥😋
croque madame at 12:40 p.m.
Pineapple upside down cake
Steamed Vegetable Buns
Charred shishito peppers, toasted bonito flake mayo, togarashi.
Boiled Shrimp with Corn (NOLA Boy)
Spicy stir-fried octopus and pork belly
Noodles with beef
Blood orange vanilla pancakes!
Spicy Chicken Sandwich on a homemade bun.
Steak, Fries &amp; Peppercorn Sauce
Pepperoni Calzone
Watermelon Jello but cherry flavored - so much fun for my toddler and easy clean up
Classic Margherita
Japanese Rice Burger with Mustard Mayonnaise Onion Sauce
Guinness-braised venison roast
Reverse seared Steak , garlic mash, and pan fried carrots
chocolate chip scones
Tomato soup with basil pesto and Asiago cheese
I ate this noodle soup in China. Anybody know what it is called so I can make it at home?
apple juice with tomato
Chicken pickel
Baked Shrimp Scampi with Linguine.
Rib of the prime.
cinnamon buns with lemon glaze
Máy xay thịt gia đình 900W được ưa chuộng hiện nay chỉ đơn giản vì máy xay đa năng, xay khỏe, hỗ trợ nhiều công việc bếp múc, tiết kiệm đáng kể thời gian, công sức… mà các dòng máy sinh tố mini không thể so sánh được. #máyxaythịt900w #máyxaythịtgiađình900w #máyxaythịtmini900w
Roast chicken legs, collard greens, and brown rice with butternut squash.
PB Banana toast 🌟
Veggie Pizza:))
Jackfruit Biriyani...
Strawberry milk with  strawberry sauce
Baked Quail
Tacos from Las Chavelas
Deals: M1 13-Inch MacBook Pro Marked Down by $100 at Amazon and B Garlic Ginger Dungeness Crab
Sicilian white garlic mushroom spinach pizza
Store bought Zongzi w/ homemade seasoned chives and dipping sauce. Zongzi was made by store owners!
New Years Traditional Menu
Ham and cheese omelet with jalapeño and cheddar hashbrowns
Dinner. Filet, shrimp scampi, and a twice baked potato
lemon blueberry pancakes with maple wood smoked bacon
Teriyaki Salmon with grilled Veggies :)
Neopolitan Pizza
Hotdog
Beef Stew... The levels of flavor in this stew are amazing!!!
wild Mallard, chicken rice with sweet and sour sauce
The omelet I made for breakfast this morning.
turtle cheesecake
full English breakfast for brunch. We had been introduced to this in the Orange (now BT) office canteen.

Double Cheeseburger with Cheese Waffle Fries
S’mores Ice Cream Cake
My Version of Christmas sugar cookies
Bacon wrapped jalapeño poppers
Sweet potatoes gnocchi
CHEESE CORN DOG😋 | Fazendo cachorro-quente coreano com LEGO - Cozinhando...
ground beef in bone broth with sauerkraut and baby greens plus two almost loaded baked potatoes.
Arugula and Potato Salad with Tomatoes, Cucumber, Sriracha and a Fried Egg.
Black burger which us dark blue inside
A box of donuts
Smoked Rib Ends with Baked Beans and Cheesy Mac
Crispy Buttermilk Fried Chicken
Pan fried chicken tikka and green salad.
Instant pot honey garlic chicken
Roast Lamb and Veges
Honey Mustard Chicken Sandwich + Onion Rings
Any IKEA fans?
Sous vide scallops seared in bacon fat and shallot olive oil, topped with shishito hot sauce and crispy shallots on a bed of roasted garlic cauliflower mash with our house made black pepper bacon. Oven roasted tarot.
Moroccan Chicken Thigh with Chickpeas &amp; Carrots
salmon with risotto and asparagus f/w cherry tomato, lemon, caper sauce
Meatball and Mortadella Pizzas
Fish Taco
Froot Loops pancakes.
"Wine" By. William Neal Slone
Surf ‘n’ Turf with Thyme Risotto and Spinach
Portobello tacos with jalapeño crema and Spanish rice
Delicious Lime and Coconut Cake
overnight sourdough waffles.
Spoopy roasted veggies (balsamic beets, honey carrots, rosemary potatoes)
South African vetkoek with sweet mince filling
Chuck roast chili
Meatballs with cotija cheese over shredded scallion, fried egg with seaweed garnish over brown &amp; red rice with kale, royal fern, fish cake, seasoned cucumber, and pickled garlic leaves
Taro &amp; Coconut boba smoothie with aloe &amp; grass jelly
fresh fish
Chutneyy🤤🤤🤤🤤
Supreme pizza, à la Turtles
Copycat Popeyes Spicy Chicken Sandwich and Bacon Gouda White Cheddar Macaroni and Cheese
Honey Garlic Salmon Flatbread with Arugula
Pound Cake with a Lemon Glaze.
Chillie Cheese Burger
ShackBurger®
Korean Pork Belly Lettuce Wraps
Short rib Breakfast
Swedish prinsesstårta cupcakes. almond cake with raspberry jam, whipped cream, vanilla pastry cream and marzipan
Fiocchi
Buffalo wing and blue cheese dip cast-iron pizza
Cheesy Shrimp and Grits
Mashed potatoes with veggie meatballs and gravy
Pork and Prawn Siu Mai
Glazed raspberry and coffee mousse cake.
filet mignon with demi glacé reduction
Smoked Chicken Dinner
Cast Iron Pizzas
i have created a hamburger
this beautiful (and delicious) cheese platter
Pork belly temaki rolls
Slow Cooker Beef Brisket with BBQ Sauce
the only halal(?) birria taco in NYC queens 😋
Malfouf
Grilled Portobello Mushroom Sandwich on Ciabatta w/ Garlic Aioli &amp; Fries + Honey Mustard
I was so into making tacos during quarantine... Now I don't have much t*me to do it!
Obesity, Heart Disease
I made some of them. My food list from different countries. February, 2020
conveyer belt sushi
Chinese Chicken Noodle Soup
a piggy cake
Shakshuka!
WATCH: Woman's machete-slapping of man goes viral, but no active probe - Loop News Jamaica
BLT pie with butter crust
Sunday Chicken roast with all the trimmings
Trio Appetizer
I’ve always wanted to eat pigs in a blanket, in a blanket.
Armenian Gata
🇮🇩Indonesian Dengdeng with Tempeh goreng and sambal pedas😋
Strawberry sauce for waffles
8 hours crock pot beef stew.
Chicken Curry over Jasmine Rice
Colorful Venison Stew
Strawberry pancakes and whipped cream
chicken curry with rice.
Scallop shells
Cape Cod Reuben and fries
Milk Bread Loaf
Cheesecake with Caramel and Chocolate Topping
Smoked chicken wings
Made this a while ago thought everyone here would enjoy it
perketel jagung
Halloween cupcakes 🎃
Egg pie with strawberries
Affogato
Squid Ink Pasta w/ a Creamy Burrata Center &amp; Argentinian Red Shrimp w/ Scallops
Turkish Meatball's "Köfte". Thanks to Refika's Kitchen for recipe.
Philly Steak Slider with a side of baked cheesy fries
Simple Vegetable Stir Fry ,
My take on an amatriciana sauce pasta
Air Fried Orange Beef
Ramen. Bok choi, scallions, mushrooms...yum!
Crispy skin spatchcock chicken fresh off the smoker
This lemon with pepper costume
Tom Yum Goong Soup
Massachusetts Style Bar Pizza
Fried and Garlic Butter Shrimp With some Rice on the side
Fork Rolled Pasta with Garlic Butter Sauce
Leave The Gun; Take the Cannoli
Autumn Risotto
Tomahawk with bone marrow, mushrooms and potatoes
double-cut pork chop. white bean/bacon cassoulet. Honey/Balsamic reduction.
Local, sustainable hydroponic baby kale
Burger
the most interesting Japanese KitKat Flavor I ever had... Citrus Mint.
Chocolate Truffle Cake
Smoked Salmon Nigiri with Shiso
Turkey charcuterie board
japchae, korean pickles, kimchi, and ramen
My friend sent me a photo of his dinner tonight. Bone Apple tee
Patty melt made with homemade rye bread.
bacon and three cheese Mac
challah buns
mentaiko pasta
Brown Butter, Guinness and Banana Muffins with Maple Bacon Cream Cheese Frosting
perogies (from great grandmother's recipe)

omlere
Eggs Benedict seem to be so in! Made w/ country ham here in da souf!
Buttermilk Biscuits
Recreated some of my favorite Chipotle Items (chicken, corn salsa, and cilantro lime rice)
Buttermilk Biscuits (not pictured: sausage gravy)
White Chocolate Raspberry Cheesecake
Pizza Lasagne - Yes, it's a Lasagne wrapped in pizza dough
Brazilian mashed potatoes, chicken breast and crispy lettuce. Side of summer salad.
Hotteok (Korean sweet pancake) in the historic Bukchon Hanok village in Seoul
Ferrero Rocher Cake Recipe Ingredients: For the cake: 6 Eggs 1/2 cup (100g) Sugar 180g (6oz) Ground hazelnuts 3 tablespoons (25g) Flour 3 tablespoons (22g) Cocoa powder 2½ teaspoons Baking powd
Rasmalai ♥♥♥ One of the most sought after Indian dessert which I ate recently!!!
whole roasted branzino
Sausage, Cave-Aged Cheddar &amp; Broccoli Rabe Frittata
Vietnamese Flank Steak stuffed with Basil, Scallion and Shiitake Mushrooms
Pancakes with caramel syrup
Kheema pao (Minced goat meat with bread)
Prosciutto, Avocado &amp; Eggs Bagel
marshmallows and chocolate chip cookie sandwich
Beef món com (Crispy Vietnamese beef with rice, Chinese leaf, radish, cucumber, and pickles. Topped with chilli and peanuts).
bento box for my daughter’s kindergarten lunch
Lemon pepper chicken &amp; green beans
Steamed Clams in Spicy Tomato Broth
Cloche bread (my second loaf ever)
Mongolian Beef and Stir Fried Rice
lemon cake with passionfruit and lemon curd and shortbread bases to each sponge.
Tilapia and stir-fry
Irish Beef Stew
Chilli Cheese Baked Potato
Pignoli Cookies
Quarantine shrimp cocktail
Fruitcake
Alfredo + Parmesan Crunch
Pumpkin Pecan Sticky Buns
Vietnamese Hot and Sour Soup
Taiwanese chicken noodle soup
Vietnamese Braised Catfish in Clay Pot (Ca Kho To)
Honey Custard Fig Tart

Pepperoni Pizza Bagels
The best Philly cheesesteak I ever had!
Kouign-Amann
Homemade Shrimp Alfredo
Cinnamon-Date Sticky Buns
Suprised the family with my first Beef Wellington.

Thanksgiving feast on my husbands plate
gluten free mini burger. Made with a New Zealand lamb pattie and fondue cheese. It was messy to eat but delicious.
5lb deep fried lobster and crab tower
Chicken Katsu Curry
Sushi Platter
Sirloin burgers with Muenster cheese and watermelon.
Cheesy garlic bread and marinara
Thanksgiving dinner rolls
Braised Short Ribs, Duchess Potatoes and Broccolini
Buttermilk chicken with grated parmesan, bacon, onion, cholula sauce and cheese.
Birthday cake
Lattice vanilla cream cheese slice
Pumpkin Spice Crumb Cake
Banana Bread
Salmon on a bed of tomatoes, garlic and onions heavily caramelized in butter.
Beef Birria Tacos
Fried wings with tangy and spicy Vietnamese fish sauce.
dal bhat tarkar masu-nepali food
instant rolled oats sourdough
Spicy ramen with pork, spinach, micro greens, and egg
Panko Crusted Shrimp
Fun fact about lychees! Wish i knew this before  them
Mocha flourless chocolate cake
Stuffed Turk’y
The Stinger
Sweet potato, apple, and wildflower honey sausage hash with kale, leeks and some leftover carrots.
Black Bean Enchiladas
Roasted chicken legs and potatoes
pho
Deep fried Spicy Crispy Fritters
Bulletproof Tea | Masala Chai Tea
Classic campfire s'more.
Homemade pork carnitas, corn tortillas, with tomatillo sauce.
Smoked beef "ham".
Frozen margarita pie
vegan chicken soup with orzo
Traditional French-Canadian Christmas diner
English Muffin with a fried egg, ham and cheese
Salmon belly and Foie gras Don
Soft scrambled eggs topped with chives, 1/2 avocado topped with EBTB seasoning, ripe Campari tomatoes and uncured bacon
Biden assembling multitrillion-dollar stimulus plan with checks, unemployment aid - The Washington Post
Japanese Fluffy Pancakes
Poutine and garlic parm chicken wings
Shrimp and Grits
Olive Garden Pumpkin Cheesecake
XL Charcuterie Board
Cheap burgers for lunch
heirloom tomatoes.
Bison Meatballs in a wild Porcini Mushroom Sauce, over fresh fettuccini pasta
parmesean asiago everything bread
New York Cheesecake with lemon sauce
Stamppot with chicken meatballs
blackened sockeye salmon and creamy lemon garlic sauce.
Persian Koobideh with saffron rice and grilled vegetables
Grilled T Bone
Giant Cinnamon Roll
Dahi Wada
Black Forest cake
Everything Grilled Cheese
Indian food, Kashmiri Braised Collard Greens served with white rice, lotus stem and turnip sabzi, and a side of lotus stem fries.
Double IPA
Bacon cheeseburger on a toasted pretzel bun.
Vietnamese bun bo hue
Cinnamon Roll Cheesecake
Ribeye with roast cauliflower and kale salad
Torched salmon belly nigiri lightly brushed with ponzu garnished with radish massago and micro celery
unique noodle in my house
It’s not much, but it’s honest work...my Pad Thai attempt!
Quesadilla, pulled chicken with homemade bbq with burbon and 3 kinds of cheese. Guac
Typical Polish students' cuisine - grilled sandwiches with red pepper and onion slices
Guacamole
Taco cups
Fennel Rubbed Pork Chops with Buttermilk Mashed Potatoes &amp; Duck Fat Brussels Sprouts
Cheesy Burgers
Aromi Bio
Reuben sandwich so shredded corned beef topped with swiss cheese, sauerkraut and another slice of cheese with homemade 1k island dressing on the inside of both pieces of rye bread.
The BIGGEST bubble I’ve ever made in a pan pizza
Double layer cinnamon roll cake, blueberry, strawberry, and blackberry pastries, all sprinkled with cinnamon sugar.
Raclette Dinner!
Chicken Wings with Baked Potatoes
Immune System Of Patients After Covid Recovery May Fight Variants: Study - NDTV
Simple Homely New year eve Breakfast
Smoked a turkey for Thanksgiving!
Fusilli Giganti with Ragu Bolognese
Smoked Pork Shoulder
seitan BBQ roast
After watching Chef -  - Pasta Aglio E Olio
Tiny Food Egg fried rice
basil and spinach pasta
Crispy Pork Belly with Coriander Mashed Potato
Penne Alla Vodka Pizza
this is a picture of only 1/3 of the food I have in my camera roll
Caprese salad garlic bread
The Soup and bread
Vegan Broccoli Cheddar Quiche
Reese’s cheesecake
bagel breakfast sandwich
some Fried eggs, Rice, Potatoes, and Chicken for breakfast
Grilled cheese: fresh sourdough (local bakery), pepper jack, cooked in the air fryer
"" delicious homemade pumpkin soup
Spaghetti Casserole and Garlic Bread
Grainfree Cranberry Chocolate Chip Cookies
spaghetti with short rib ragu
1 Pan Mediterranean Shrimp Roast
Prawn tajine
Matzo Ball Soup
Thought we would attempt making donuts and we think they came out pretty well
Italian "British" Pie, with Brussels sprouts and Italian besciamella. cosamangio.net
Risotto with Mascarpone cheese, pistachios and Mortadella
Soup made from left over Pulled pork juices, various venison meats, and smoked pork neck bones
Smoked spare ribs
#PawriHoriHai girl Dananeer Mobeen reveals story behind her viral video - Geo News
shrimp and potato tempura
kebab meat w/ rice and potatoes
Mango pickles.
Butternut squash soup with garlic croutons and fried carrots
Seasoned Tomahawk
Medium-rare. Perfect.
What Happens When Galaxies Collide? NASA's Hubble Just Captured Photos - News18
Grilled salmon, wild spinach, cherry tomatoes and tagliatelle
The “50 ways to leave yer guava” burger
my pop tarts for the morning
Spaghetti and Big Balls
Quesabirria Tacos!
My First Baked Mac’n’Chz (made with a leftover batch I was not happy with, baked it and it made it 10x better!)
Ha Restaurant Xcaret- Mexican Carlos Gaytan
Royal Combo Box - Kailash Sweets &amp; Snacks""
Creamy Mushroom and Peas with Cheese Tortellini
Hanger Steak Frites
BLT on a burger bun
Gotcha Roast Pork from Shokugeki No Soma
Boston Cream Donuts
Some  meat and veggies
Kimchi fried rice w/recipe
Buffalo sauced chicken pops
the freshest local Kusshi oysters. Oyster season baby.
A Buffalo Chicken Sammie.
Pasta with Roasted Eggplant, Bacon, Crema and Cheese
Pure Bamboo Charcoal Cocoa Powder 100gram
Frozen Vanilla Yogurt at Bamboo Spoon Yogurt
My take on Fish &amp; Chips
Potato and Kale soup with a poached egg and crispy garlic
Filipino bbq, papaya salad, cucumber salad &amp; steamed rice.
Strawberry Vanilla Cake with White Chocolate Frosting
Kimchi Grilled Cheese
Chicken tikka masala and garlic naan
Chile relleno
Farcis vegetables
Drumsticks ramen with sunny-side up
Khao Kha Mu (Braised Pork Leg on Rice)
Giant Funyun
Sticky pork loin teriyaki
I just made awesome rolls with butter, nutella, nut butter and ananas
Indian Spice Salmon with Sides
Have been feeling a bit under the weather so I made a homemade chicken soup with my own broth
Holiday Charcuterie!
toridun in tokyo
Dobby cake
8-strand round challah
porkbelly deep fried in saved lard
blueberry buttermilk muffins topped with fresh blueberry jam and lemon zest
crab and sustained minor injuries
Pumpkin Thai Soup
Applesauce Bread with Cinnamon Apples and Caramel Sauce
Beef Wellington and potato fondants
Smoked Meats
Spicy chorizo, spinach, tomato and peppers with penne pasta
deep fried veggie mix/egg roll balls
2021 nachos
French Toast. My Favorite Weekend Breakfast.
https://ift.tt/2YrQsCo
chocolate lava cakes.
eggless pasta rigatoni (straight) macaroni (bent)
Chocolate Italian Cream Cake for my mom’s Valentines Birthday!
Homemade Kunafa(Turkish Dessert) with Bread
Smoked Venison Roast
Bratkartoffeln
cauliflower steak with everything but etole seasoning from TJ
Pistachio Cheesecake
Roasted Chicken with Salsa, Guacamole and Chilli Tortilla
oven pancake with bacon bits
kawaii Japanese curry
Pre-marinated Korean spicy pork belly
apple dumplings
Gulab Jamun
Overindulgent late night hot cocoa
Pulled Pork, coleslaw and potato salad.
☀️ 20 min “Millennial Meals” by Chef Rae - Teriyaki Turkey meatballs with veggies and rice!
have you tried Arabic coffee?
Drumstick lollipop chicken cooked on the smoker.
just a classic pot roast, veggies, and gravy. Oh, and 5 servings worth of garlic mashed potatoes.
BBQ chicken thighs with sides — No forks needed.
For
Cream if wheat with maple syrup and bananas/nuts on a frigid morning in Quebec.
wild Salmon with sour cream and pickles on the almond potatoes ... with a good aquevit ;)
Double chocolate cookies
Among Us Cake
Thick cut bacon, egg, hashbrown and cheese breakfast burrito
Cajun chicken, spicy peanut sauce, noodles
Pumpkin Spice cake with sweet cinnamon cheese frosting!
Pepperoni pizza with 00-flour poolish dough and homemade sauce
cherry cream cheese danishes 🍒
Chocolate chip peanut butter cookies!
Ala carte buffet during covid 19
Tuna &amp; Japanese mayonnaise onigiri - I really miss living in Japan and buying these at Family Mart!
Tonkotsu Ramen (24 Hour Broth) and Chasu Pork
anatomy themed birthday cake.
Picadillo Duranguense with Arroz Blanco
Banana cake with hazelnut butter cream, hazelnut ganache and banana diplomat cream
Coconut &amp; Salted Caramel Brownies
Pineapple, Apple &amp; Peach BBQ ribs
"" Like beef noodles or steak？
Fried Potatoes with eggs. I used thyme, hot sauce, some greek spice blend, and a little oregano.
individual beef wellington
- Broccoli Chicken Cheddar Rice Casserole
Bourbon-soaked Vanilla cupcakes with Maple frosting and Bacon
Christmas Cooke Tree
Hamburger Casserole
French Apple Blossom Tart
Real Italian Pizza
GARLIC LOBSTER TAILS
Maple-glazed Sweet potato + Thyme Scones
Shrimp Tempura Udon for Christmas dinner
Gorgeous Pineapple Upside Down cake my daughter made.
New Years Surf &amp; Turf
strawberry, thyme, olive and balsamic cheesecake
Vegetarian cheeseburgers with jalepeno aioli.
Steamed idli
PUBG IN REAL LIFE | صنع شوربة الدجاج من المعدات العسكرية - Stop Motion C...
Cheesecake with salted caramel and popcorn
Smoked Beef Finger Ribs
Birthday Cake Blondies
Ko Mu Yang - Grilled Pork Neck with Spicy Dipping Sauce
"" a vegetable market where I do shopping
Express Cheesecake Pie Without Phyllo Recipe
My cat loves eating bolognese pasta. Link for the full video in comments
Thai Red Curry
Cinnamon roll
egg, cheese, and ham on a toasted English muffin
samosa
buttermilk biscuits cooked in my wood fired oven
"Cochinita pibil" inspired pulled pork sandwich with grilled pineapple salsa and pineapple-basil hot sauce
Cheese Omelette.
Firecracker Fudge “Uh-Huh” Cookies
sourdough flour tortillas
Mushroom Fried Rice with Pickled Daikon and Cucumber
Super easy, airy yet not dry walnut Bundt cake from an old family recipe.
Cornish Game Hens
Char Siu
Did a ‘Ghost hot chicken’ with citrus herb mayo, pickle brined fried chicken, fermented yellow ghost chilli hot sauce and chilli crisp!
Tahchin Tacos 🇮🇷 🇲🇽
Real Vanilla Bean cinnamon rolls
Quiche Lorraine
paimon
"" Delicious Unique 8 tbspChocolate Cake recipe🍫🍫
Fried Potato Pancakes
meatball on homemade rustic bread on homemade marinara sauce.
I made Crumbed Lamb Cutlets
Breakfast Wrap
Double Oatmeal Cream Pie
Applewood smoked ribs
Rainbow Ice cream (Also can become a recipe)
Korean bulgogi with Korean pickled cucumbers and brown rice. Spicy mayo, kimchi and scallions were added after this picture was taken.
Marinated chicken thighs
cinnamon scones
pancakes with bacon and blueberrys!!
A fresh salad featuring pomegranate, blueberry, goat cheese, and more.
Baked whole chicken.
Yangyneom Bao, pickled carrot
Smoked Pernil
Biscuits, beans, and booze. A real mans dinner
Steak with peppercorn sauce for lunch!
almond chocolate cake with candied oranges and a chocolate ganache.
Prawn and basil risotto with sun-Dried tomatoes and mascarpone
Sage Butter Chicken Thighs with Butternut Squash Ravioli
Sourdough cinnamon rolls
Layered Chocolate and Vanilla Cookie Cake
Baked potatoes, baked aubergines, fried onions &amp; tomatoes, cucumber
Chor Muang - Blue Flower Thai Dumplings
Thanksgiving cheese board
some CHONKY BREAD
Pulled pork with coleslaw on a brioche bun with tater tots
Mosques used to gather crowd for Rahul Gandhi’s ‘farmer rally’? Here is what a viral video says and what we know - OpIndia
Pull apart rolls
Scallion Cheddar Biscuits
My tacos! 🌮
giant 8 kg burger and the smallest 3 grams burger
Bordeaux pork belly recipe
baked ricotta cheese with jalapeños
empanadas
bbq confit duck, marinated French Ed lamb cutlets and grilled watermelon goat cheese and mint salad.
Breakfast Crunchwrap supreme made by my SO
Kalbi with asparagus, rice, mandu
Bear-Shaped Milk Bread Rolls
Homemade triple fried Chicken Karaage with hand sewn placemats!
Cuban Sandwiches
Smoked Garlic &amp; Herb Spatchcock Chicken.
Korean cream cheese garlic bread
personal cherry pie
Smoked Ribs, Collard Greens, Fried Okra (garden grown)
Meat
Posole: Pork shoulder, guajillo and ancho chiles, cabbage, radish, avocado,cilantro, onion and cotija.
https://ift.tt/3r5d9ZF
Crispy chicken parm with penne
Teriyaki Steak Dinner Burger
Lays for days :)
Potato Pizza
Mario sugar cookies
French fries
Fried Chicken Mac and Cheese
Swedish cinnamon bun with an almond paste and browned butter filling
Strawberry Banana Waffles
Pumpkin shrimp curry
Chocolate rum balls
pizza bagels
Cheese Balls Recipe|Crunchy Corn Chesse Balls|Cafe Style Prefact snack|चीज बॉल्स|चीज कॉर्न बॉल्स
Jamun Shots
""
Coquilles St. Jacques
a blt
, No Bake Strawberry Cheesecake＊Eggless &amp; Without oven｜Homemade Cooking
Fried Sticky Rice with Sweet Corn
Bacon a la fire
HOW TOO MAKE A REAL MAYONNAISE
Cannabis Infused Batata Harra: Middle Eastern Skillet Potatoes, Fresh Greens With a Infused Honey Lime Vinaigrette (24 mg Critical Super Silver Evoo)
Banana chocolate mousse
I boiled the eggs a bit too hard :( Btw i’m only 14, constructive criticism is greatly appreciated:)
I need your votes for an amateur chef competition I'm in! (https://favchef.com/2021/stephan-meyer). Vote for free with Facebook or vote and donate to Feeding America!
French Toast
gnocchi with garlic sage butter, roasted asparagus, and veggie chicken parm
defalt foods
Tain de légumes
Beans and Rice Monday!
my siblings make infused olive oil and they're trying to use it in food in different ways. This is chocolate mousse with spicy chili pepper olive oil.
breakfast hash
Blood Orange, Beetroot, Goats Curd, Purple Radish, Garlic Chive
Homegrown McD’s is the best way to spend a Friday evening
Lobster Roll
Strawberry Cheesecake Crepe.
Raw zucchini salad, mozzarella, basil, virgin olive oil, lime juice, pink berries, Himalayan salt and Voatsiperifery wild pepper
Smash Burger and Cajun Duck Fat Fries from my new show, Feed Yourself
Baklava!
egg white and katsuobushi omelet
Chimichurri Ribeye steak with roasted potatoes and lemon-parmesan cauliflower
Chicken and mashed potatoes with gravy
Mutton leg | Mutton Roast leg | Masala Mutton leg | lamb leg Roast | bakray ki raan | By Chef Faizan
Pancakes, Scrambled eggs, Hash brown and Toast

crab cake sandwich
Filet Mignon with Butterfly Lobster Tail
Dutch baby + blueberries
Honey Walnut Shrimp 🍤🍯
Carmalized apple cream cheese kolaches
Carbonara with Bucatini Noodles
Salmon avocado burger
Bacon, Onion, Triple Cheese Smash Burger.
Ribeye with asparagus
Chicken wings and fries
Scotch egg
Venison Manicotti
Yummy!
Jamaican patties with beyond beef and cheese
(L) and Mana'aesh Spinach w/ Akawi Cheese (R)
Lemon meringue pie
Slow roasted Lamb Shank
Smoked beef ribs
cheesecake with a pink swirl from homemade raspberry jam.
Chinese Street Food Tour
Pan seared steelhead and scallops with a sautéed mixed leafy greens and prawns.
Deer Fillet w/ Garlic Potato Mash and Fried Brussel Sprouts
Waffles
https://ift.tt/3eFQBvv
Russian Beef and Cabbage Pelmeni
dark cocoa brownies
spaghetti Napolitan
Biscuits, sausage gravy and fries
Wedge Salad
Simple pumpkin pie, with a dash of rum.
Pork and shrimp steamed dumplings
Matcha Cheesecake
I could not find the Tiramisù of my memory, so I had to recreate it
Peking duck with single pancakes.
Double-stacked buttermilk fried chicken sando w/ homemade (brining kit) jalepeno pickles, sriracha coleslaw and (air fryer) french fries with Sweet baby Ray's for dipping sauce
Bacon, egg, and cheese on an everything bagel
Gaucamole burger with white cheddar and onions on French buns
Guinness beef and mushroom stew
Monster Big Macs with double deep fried potatoes chips
Conch Fritters
Breakfast Pot Pie
Cookies 'n' cream poptarr
Snickerdoodle Peanut Butter Chocolate Chex Mix Bars
kung pao shrimp
oxtail ragú with gnocchi
Fried Chicken Sandwich with spicy Mayo and pickles
A lovely strawberry cake my mum made
Peppers at a farmers market
nashville hot chicken crunch wrap
I was always told to reheat leftovers in the pot rather than the microwave. Crust wasn't very crispy.
Dim Sum
basque cheese cake with blueberries ❤️ yum yum
The last pies I will ever eat from my Grandma!
peach cobbler cheesecake.
Flammkuchen
Leftover Christmas Turkey Buns w/ Prosciutto, Pecorino and Pesto.
Irish Port Cheddar Pierogi w/ Brown Butter and Sharp Yellow!
Chocolate Mousse Pie
browned butter chocolate chip cookies with maldon salt
Nanaimo Bar
Galaxy Cheesecake
Confetti sugar cookies
Peanut Butter Caramel and Lime Curd Tartlets
Kung Pao Chicken
Corned beef sliders, sauerkraut, Swiss and a version of thousand island dressing
Chocolate Crinkle Top Cookie
Pâte à Choux
Crème Brûlée Doughnuts
Kafta, approximately 1/3 pound of meat per kabob.
Flank fresh off grill
hand-cut papardelle with wild mushrooms and pencil asparagus in a lemon cream sauce
cherry cream cheese danishes
Pork Yam Pork Yam Pork Yam - that's what my English friends describe the dish. It is Kau Yoke. Took me over 4 hours to prep and cook with an overnight marinade. Happy Chinese New Year.
Deep dish pizza
Delicious Breakfast - Best Egg Burrito Recipe
Breakfast skillet.
Dorito chip nachos.
Vegetarian cheese board
Salted caramel. Looks meh but taste amazing and so easy.
Yakitori with one bird. (Was hard choosing one photo instead of multiple)
Instant ramen with a slice of cheese
Refried Black Beans
Margherita Pizza
swedish meatballs on mashed potatoes
Pasta in garlic cream sauce, with scallops, pancetta, and roasted tomatoes
shepherd's pie
Steak and Fries
creamy roasted red pepper penne with seared chicken
Burnt Basque Cheesecake
Bowl with roasted carrot with cumin and smoked paprika, spicy chickpeas, tomato bulgur and yogurt sauce. And 2 poached eggs 🤗
I'd like to present the "We're here, We're Gruyère, Get used to it Burger"
Shepherds Pie w/ Parmesan Stuffed Puff Pastry Crust
Cheddar Bay Biscuits
Oven roasted goose half with apples
triple patty cheeseburger
Barbecue Rib Sandwich
Chicken Fettuccine Alfredo
6oz Burgers
Char Siu Ribs
My fiancé makes the best cakes 😲❤️
Mini Chicken Pies
shepherds pie (veg)
Engineers at CSEM and a swiss  chocolate that shimmers like a rainbow without the use of additives.
little cheeseburgers with little pickles
Ginger bread cookie dough with gingerbread cookie butter.
New way to cook Pasta you've never heard of
Mango Chutney, from Dan Tombs The Curry Guy Bible
sushi
reverse sear steak and green peppercorn sauce
Dutch baby with lemon curd and blueberries
Pizza Bianco and regular Pizza
Strip Steak, Mashed Potatoes, Creamed Spinach, Pan Creme Fraiche Sauce
Chocolate Truffle Cake
Elijaos - East Indian Pancakes
beef tacos with mango habanero salsa
Chicken with brown rice and mixed veggies &amp; pasta
Sriacha deviled eggs , smoked Spanish paprika , grandmothers dish I inherited this summer
Black Bean Chili
Chicken Parmesan with Gnocchi
Lego Kitchen Жареная курица с Among Us Лего в реальной жизни АСМР Stop...
Braised Country-style Pork Ribs
Knock-off Taco Bell Chalupa
Shrimp Po'Boy with Bacon and a Red Tartar Slaw
Instead of pumpkin pie, I made a  cheesecake w/ blueberry compote this year. Hope you all had a safe and delicious holiday.
Pork and Apples
Thánh Nấu Ăn làm BÁNH QUY BƠ từ Mặt Nạ Quỷ - ASMR Stop Motion Short Film...
Home-made cake: First Experience teriyaki chicken
bacon wrapped dates w stuffed almonds!
Gỏi cuốn
Moroccan Harissa Lemon Chicken with Cauliflower
Steak smothered with peppercorn sauce, homegrown green beans, sweet potato chips, corn on the cob.
Gnocchi
apricot/peach/strawberry danishes
Beef ribs, linguica, and portobellos grilled on red oak
Poached Egg on English Muffin with Canadian Bacon, Japanese Mayo, and American Cheese
Sausage and Ricotta Cannelloni
Creamy potato soup with crispy bacon and croutons
Thanksgiving Tofurkey roast
Gluten Free and vegan friendly pizza 🍕😋
Healthy &amp; tasty.  turkey burger on sandwich flat, veggie rings and NJ corn on cob
Russian fudge
pan-seared pork with mashed potatoes and cranberry sauce
Pad Krapow Gai (Spicy Basil Chicken)
Peek-a-boo
Maitake Mushroom Umeshiso Maki Rolls
Salted caramel birthday cake
The Other Chicago Pizza: Tavern-Style Thin Crust Pizza
Spaghetti on an artisan drying rack
fish tray with onions
Crispy chicken &amp; Sweet potato waffles
Thirteen charged in connection with Radford fight caught on video - WSLS 10
Barbacoa nachos with cilantro, pico de gallo, guacamole, homemade nacho cheese sauce, bbq sauce, and sour cream (not pictured).
Taiwanese lamb fillet with kang kong in shacha sauce, oyster omelette
Breakfast-hash Burrito
Green Chile sour cream chicken enchiladas
An attempt at  Japanese Pork Udon Noodle Soup.
butter chicken and naan bread. I was very happy with how round my naan bread was as I'm terrible at that with tortillas.
Korean Kimchi Fried Rice
Bacon cheeseburgers and mojo potatoes
Banana &amp; Maraschino Cherry Macarons
Spinach Spanakopita
Triple Cheeseburger + Bacon &amp; Pork belly
Baked Sea Bass with Vegetables
Skillet sweet potato-chipotle hash with fried eggs! Super easy and healthy!
Fajita Frittata
Smoked Tri tip beef pot pies
Walnut Butter
delicious crab and only sustained minor injuries
chicken biryani with vegetable curry
chocolate cake with passionfruit coulis layers. French buttercream icing.
Chicken cutlets and potatoes
Double beef cheeseburger with mushrooms
Loaded pasta (mushrooms, fieldroast sausage, garlic, shallots, wine, and stock) with cherry tomatoes and balsamic glaze
Moroccan Barley Soup Belboula
This beautiful hoagie  is from Laspada’s, south Florida’s best sub place
- Spicy Paddy Mushroom Curry
Bison Pot Roast
Scottish Egg
12-hour smoked pulled pork, fresh tater tots, and hatch greenchili white queso with scallions
Russian honey cake with marzipan bees
chicken coconut curry
Chickpea and chicken curry
Detroit Style Pan Pizza
Honey drizzle soy sauce chicken on a bed of rice (season d with remaining sauce) and green beans
Steak tartare
French Ratatouille recipe everybody can make!
Currently accepting suggestions for what I should do with ALL this pumpkin puree. That bowl is from 1/5 pumpkins I have baked. Do you make your own puree? I started a few years ago and will never go back to canned.
Carnitas and costillas
scallop Rigatoni with white wine sauce
Tori Paitan ramen
Berry Watermelon Fruit Salad &amp; The End of Summer - Fork Knife Swoon
Spicy Korean Beef Taco with Lettuce shell and white rice
Grilled boneless pork chop on top of pureed potatoes, brocolini sauteed in bacon fat, topped with red wine poached apples, a red wine reduction sauce, and candied pecans.
Almond cake with citrus glaze and toasted coconut
Lyle's Golden Syrup Cookieshow to create gmail account 2020
Tortilla Crust Pizza
Buffalo pulled chicken sandwich
beef bone broth soup.
Red onion and sage sourdough focaccia.
I drank a Thai Iced Tea
Coconut Cake Topped with Coconut Caramel
Kani salad, minus the tobiko
Simple chicken breast seasoned with garlic, salt, pepper and butter.
Chicken wings tossed in Buffalo sauce
Hulk-Smash Double Burger
Roast Beef with a Cheddar Cheese Sauce on Onion Rolls and a side of Bacon Fat Baked Fries.
tomorrow’s lunch- Cobb Salad
warm Apple crumble for breakfast.
Dutch Baby!
Spread
A perfect bite size s’more
Everything NYC bagel
a poke bowl with shrimps, zucchini, salmon, tobiko, crunchy onion, wakame, sesame seeds, teriyaki sauce and guacamole.
hand rolled soba noodles with burdock tempura and a mixture of onion, arugula and shrimp tempura. Hand ground sesame made into a sauce for the noodles 🥳 (I’m 13 lol and I fucking love cooking✌️)
Red pepper rice bowl and Oven roasted potatoes &amp; carrots
Clam Linguine
Hearts of Palm Ceviche
A pair of pepperoni pizzas.
Snickerdoodle mug cake for a sad night, no more sad!
Forcella’s Fried Pepperoni Pizza
lobster rolls 🦞
Bubble Waffle Breakfast Taco
Pasta Carbonara with  noodles and roasted garlicky
3 Ways You Can Cook Ogbono Draw Soup
Roasted maple syrup Brussels sprouts with homemade pickled grapes on a bed of chilled IPA cream cheese/ricotta garnished with cheddar popcorn
deviled eggs
Strawberry cake 🍓
Smoky Cheese Crisps with microgreens
Tonkotsu ramen and pork belly.
Ratatouille and quiche Lorraine
Pizza. Homegrown basil.
Chicken Fettuccine Alfredo w/ Roasted Rosemary potatoes.
*Snaps into existence*.  some genetically engineered Ginger Snaps.
crispy romano and garlic risotto cakes with marinara
Ultimate Steak and Crispy Potato visual guide
salmon, hash browns, egg and roe.
Old Fashioned
pancakes with cottage cheese 😋
chicken taco plate
cherry cheesecake macaroons
lemon pepper salmon
Mega Comfy Meatloaf and Mashed Potatoes
Chicken Tandoori Pizza, Veggie Pizza, Penne Carbonara with bacon and garlic bread, Veg Spaghetti Carbonara with garlic bread and Hummus with pita bread.
Deconstructed ground lamb pita sandwich
Four Cheese Pizza
Mulan Matchmaker Macarons with white chocolate ganache and mangosteen filling
Bacon and egg sandwich
spatchcock cast-iron roast chicken
100-hour fudgy brownies
low-calories pancakes, more than 20g proteins!
Courgette and Walnut Loaf
Máy bào đá inox 2 lưỡi dao SB 114 là một trong những máy chế biến đá không thể thiếu trong các nhà hàng sang trọng, quầy pha chế hay cửa hàng giải khát. Sản phẩm có thiết kế đẹp mắt, hoàn toàn bằng chất liệu Inox sáng bóng và giá rẻ cạnh tranh số 1 trên thị trường hiện nay. Ưu
Cassava Cake
masala chips with a drizzle of mango sauce.
meatball subs
This is what Pandemic pizza should look like
Salmon Nachos!
Sourdough BLT with Fries
Sardinian Herb Soup with Fregola and White Beans (S’erbuzzu)
Awesome sushi 🍣
A Bubble made of Sugar.
Fish on a salad leaf
Made Nigella Lawson’s Tuscan Fries with sage and rosemary.
sry just had to post it (look at online)
Grilled cheese with swiss, gouda, apples, and pancetta.
chili
Pain au chocolate
Every topping on a pizza
How to "{homemade]" Baked Plantain Chips ""
warm curried crab and roast fennel salad with apple slices for scooping, pomegranate seeds on the side
Teacher’s Viral TikTok Series Proves Patience Is Definitely A Virtue - Fatherly
Traditional Butter chicken
beans (photo before finishing and after)
Blue sirloin steak, broccoli and asparagus, mash and butter crisped garlic
Steak sammie with caramelized shallots on marrow-toasted brioche
Beef Ribs, Jalapeño Mac, Garlic Bread
Pork Tonkatsu
Classic  prime baked prime rib with garlic butter beans
Seven layer magic squares
Russian Tea Cakes
Yummy Chocolate Cake Recipe Ideas | Most Satisfying Chocolate Cake Decorating Tutorial
American Wagyu Sirloin with Lemon Potatoes
Chocolate Chip M&amp;M Sheet Pan Cookie
Alaskan King Crab and Ribeye for Christmas Eve dinner, my 13 year old approves 🥲
my attempt for a wellington
Brunch!
Stir fried tofu and vegetables - Vegan recipe - How to Cook Food at Home
Gnocchi with a Roasted Red Pepper/Tomato Sauce &amp; 'Ndjua
Simple Granola #Shorts
Strawberry layer cake, made by me. Decorated by my GF’s five year old daughter. Pretty impressive use of colors I think
shrimp pho for dinner tonight! So good!
Raided the pantry cause the fridge was empty 😐. Came out with a nice penne with garlic, cheese, fire roasted tomatoes, se parsley and pepper. 😁
20lbs of pork shoulder for pulled pork tomorrow. Smoked over oak lump with pecan hardwood. 6 hours into a 12 hour cook.
I made Asian style prawn stir fry on a bed of basmati rice
Chicken-Spinach meat pies
peri peri powder
Beef Tapa
Squash gratin with mushroom, sweet potato garnish
The Carvery Sandwich Shop Fried Chicken Sandwich
Salmon Fajitas
Sunshine cake topped with meringue kisses
bacon, potatoes, sausages, bread rolls.
Caramel Orange Buche de Noel (Yule Log)
Reese's Peanut Butter Cup Cheesecake
Delicious Sauteed Mushrooms
Mediterranean beef stew with a sweet and Yukon mash
Chicken fried chicken with mashed potatoes and spicy green beans
The Lure of Luxury - TikTok Viral Video Shopping Hack Social Media Chanel Gucci Dior Hermes - CR Fashion Book
meat and cheese board
Strip steak with bourbon glaze sauce
",
a Taylor ham egg and cheese
snail caviar? What do you know about it?
Bacon wrapped asparagus with on-choppy with garlic! 😋
A rosegold cake that took wayyyyy too long painting drips.
Exotic Snack Haul
Pizza with ham/chorizo, pesto and mozzarella !
Sheet pan loaded nachos
Pide with minced meat and cheesy crust
Filet and Mushroom Risotto
Saltimbocca di Pollo
Season of Mushrooms in Belarus
Spring roll fixins with peanut and sweet chili sauce
Costco special porkchop with wild rice and cheese asparagus
'Double BACONATOR' from Wendy's.
Hot chicken wings
Chimichanga
Caramelized Banana Upside Down Cake
Task for discounts
Roast Beef, just a touch too rare
Roast Dinner!
roasted seabass with a samphire chive potato purée, soy stir-fried veg, and a dill pickle red cabbage
Pankcakes
Classic Cheesecake
Chocolate chunk cookies
Breakfast was a little spooky!
Ceviche inside coconuts
My attempt at  South African Koeksisters 🥰🇿🇦 some are a bit overfried but still delicious
Salted Brown Butter Blondies with Walnuts and Chocolate Chips
Wall of cats.
Tacos AND nachos
Spicy Shrimp Fajitas
Strawberry cream cheese milkshake
Croque madam with a spinach and rocket salad.
M&amp;M cookie bars
Cinnamon Toast Crunch swirl Bundt cake.
beef ribs, French fries, stir fry
Emergency Food
This isn't restaurant photo plating of course. It's a family night load heavy food heaven plating.
BBQ Chicken Sandwich w/Coleslaw
Key Lime Pie Christmas Tart
Spinach and bacon fettuccine Alfredo
Pot Roast with Buttery Mashed Potatoes.
I love me some heart attack endorsing food in the morning
smoked beef short ribs on bbq
Lamb with rice and broccoli cooked in the lamb fat
Levain Bakery style cookies.
Halloween inspired  pumpkin pasta🎃🍝And my number one Reddit post🙈
Filipino spaghetti with hotdogs and minced meat
Edible Mexico r/polandball. Concha tricolor patria
Seared Swordfish with Cauliflower Mash
Sous Vide Skirt Steak w/ Herbed Mushroom Demi &amp; Crispy Onion Straws - Broccoli - Baked Potato
post-simmering Bolognese sauce
Brave Mumbai cop catches python with bare hands, check out viral video - Zee News
chicken shawarma pizza
Prime rib for Christmas
Spicy Beef Noodle Soup!
pesto with fresh spaghetti
Moghlai Egg Nun Ruti
Porterhouse to kick off the year right
a burger with grilled bacon cheese sandwiches as the buns
Spaghettoni with shrimp, spinach, tomatoes, garlic confit and white wine butter sauce
Oreo Brownies
Hakka noodles and Tea
Relish Your Taste Buds With  Gatte Ki Sabji
- Do not have tomato paste but have tomato sauce - How can I make this work? Thanks!
mozzarella soppressata hot honey flatbread
Indian thali
Philly cheese steak
Poached eggs and sautéed vegetables
Kitten discovering that he has feet
Creamy Balsamic and Mushroom Linguine
Cheesy Suffolk rusks
Meatballs with pak choi and pea pods
Shrimp and Grits!
Brownie crust cheesecake with forest fruits
3 ingredient Oreo snowballs❄️
Cast iron spaghetti because everything should he cooked in cast iron
Cinnamon Rolls with Cream Cheese Icing
BEC on an Everything Bagel
Eva Longoria joins San Antonio Food Bank in delivering food, items to local residents - KSAT San Antonio
Corned Beef Brisket
HAM VOTING
be Grilled Chicken Salad
none-descript, run-of-the-mill pizza
omelette
Green salad
Flank Steak with fried Cayenne-Veggies and Basil Pesto
Cap’n Crunch breaded chicken drumsticks. That sweet and salty taste was amazing.
Beef wellington with crispy broccoli and black eyed peas
Dal
Earl Grey Apricot Hamantaschen
Soufflé! Super fluffy!!
Strawberry Kiwi Paleta
Vanilla Bourbon Ice Cream + Oreos + Chocolate Wafer Rolls
Massive mince pie
cast iron rib eye, grilled broccoli and smashed rosemary baby potatoes.
food from professional home chefs Thai &amp; Chinese
Chicken bacon ranch quesadilla...and a good boy being patient
chicken parmesan with buttered egg noodles.
How to Start a Keto Diet
Maple syrup Salmon, asparagus, and smashed potatoes
Yin &amp; Yang Chocolate Bonbons, Salted Caramel and Butter Popcorn Respectively
Supper tonight - Shrimp Curry and Rice JGE Scale - 9.5/10 Great easy supper tonight. And the shrimp were not overcooked. A repeatable dish, but I will use a different Curry seasoning. Recipe from Good HouseKeeping.
Burger and Fries! All homegrown and
ramen 🍜
Matcha Brownie Cookies
🏈 + Clean House + Clean Food = Happy Human
Pasta Bolognese
Bun Thit Nuong
spinach and cheese quiche
Ox Tail Noodle Soup
homemade Steak and Stuff
Margherita Sicilian Slice w/ Hot Honey and Ranch
Pumpkin and chocolate chip/cheesecake muffins
Cooked along live with Diaspo and made Kaukab's Chicken Karahi - very happy with how it came about. Kaukab was born and raised in Pakistan, and this is one of her family famous recipes!
Pink cat (and bear) meringues
Caramelized pears with vanilla
raspberry scones✨
Pan Seared Scallops with pickled limes, onions, and ginger
avocado toast with falafel
Saffron Risotto and Shrimp
Croissant Doughnuts filled with salted caramel vanilla cream coated in cinnamon sugar With caramel drizzle
braided yeast bread
Ema Datshi: Bhutan's National dish for lunch
Garlic Butter Shrimp Scampi
Hot pot with dumplings, salmon, noodles, and much more.
Bacon, Egg and Cheese Biscuit
Pork and vegetable egg rolls with homemade sweet and sour dipping sauce
cupcake bouquet for Mother’s Day. Vanilla cake with baileys buttercream.
a set of three cakes
Rosół - Polish chicken noodle soup
Caesar Salad
Cheese Ravioli with Zucchini
Beef Enchiladas
Beef Wellington
fried green tomatoes
Christmas Honey Cookies
Chicken Buns
James May the  says random foods
The Trump Impeachment Vote: Live Updates - The New York Times
Salmon en croute with beurre blanc
Merluza a la sidra
Presenting our wedding anniversary cake! Made by my 15 yo family friend for us!  Naked floral cake.
Crema de aguacate
Mapo Tofu I made for my friends.
the cutest burger i ever saw :)
Chess pie
beef ramen with boiled egg
Vegetable Stir-Fry
Chicken kabobs with veggies and Middle Eastern pepper flakes
Christmas Cookies! This is tradition
Spicy Mirchi Vada
Pineta is same like i ate before
Do you think things like this are a thing of the past?  here before
BBQ Crocodile Vietnam style
Carne de Porco à Alentejana
Tteokbakki
Pomodoro Shrimp over Polenta
Happy 2 bday elephant cake
Pozole verde
Vanilla Cupcakes w/ Buttercream!
Jhol MoMo.
Bacon and Eggs on toast
Refried Black bean 9-Layer dip
Don't know if brands are allowed, so FINALLY figured out baked chicken for my lady who is autoimmune and celiac with San Antonio product!
Gumbo
American style banana pancakes
Giant Marshmallow Brownie
Cheese-Crusted California Burrito
BBQ Chicken Flatbread
Red Velvet Cheesecake Brownies
Spinach curry with rice
- Apple Pie
Simple cucumber, tomato, and mayo sandwich (salt and pepper to taste).

Fried (brined) pork chops, cheddar and pickled pepper hash browns and two fried eggs
New York strip steaks and oven roasted Asparagus topped with a balsamic reduction and goat cheese crumbles.
Chocolate Mud Cinnamon Rolls
tagliatelle from scratch with a white-wine-lemon-sauce, parsley and black tiger shrimp.
Cheese and Crackers
Kabocha pumpkin soup with pumpkin seed oil and croutons
Chicken roast dinner
Thanksgiving Leftovers Burrito
Peruvian pork roll
Papas con Chorizo (GSC Infused) , Fresh Tomato Salsa
Potato Okra Fry
Gochujang noodles
Sourdough Brioche Doughnuts
Dragon's Frosted Gingerbread Tower
Medium-Rare Duck breast.
Moroccan couscous, I made this couscous, so I wanted to share ! what are your thoughts ?
Scrambled eggs on a bed of salmon, whole wheat toast, and hollandaise sauce (also homemade). Took 20 minutes to make and tasted PHENOMENAL! Happy Friday!
Breakfast on the outskirts of Madrid, Spain
Softboiled Egg
My attempt at making risotto. It is chorizo and tomato.
Chinese glazed beef rib
West African FuFu with minestrone.
Lobster pasta with chive and brioche crumb
Saturday Morning Breakfast
Squid ink risotto from a restaurant in Monterosso al Mare, Italy (Cinque Terre)
Banana Pudding
Roasted Chicken on a Bed Vegetables
Crab Rangoon Pizza drizzled with sweet &amp; sour sauce.
What do u guys think?
"",TABBOULEH the English version
Pork loaded flatbreads with crispy pork skin, salsa verde, pickled chilies, pickled carrots, fresh herbs and pomegranate.
Creme Brûlée before the sugar crust
Ultimate Chocolate Cake
pizza Americana
""Kakarakaya curry in telugu|Kakarakaya bellam curry in telugu|Bittergourd...
Grilled 'Everything Bagel' BEC Breakfast Pan Pizza
Japanese sweet &amp; sour meatballs
New York’s finest deli egg sandwich 🥪
Strawberry cubes
Motichur Laddu
The garbage plate
Just waffles.
Air Fried Bananas
Brussel sprouts with bacon and lemon
fig tart !
Chicken Tikki Masala
aglio e olio
Chicken and bacon in a white wine and thyme sauce with brocolli and gnochi.
Peanut butter chocolate cake
Liron Arbel- bake it happen
Hiroshima-styled Okonomiyaki
Chicken and Veg Pies
Chicken fajita bowls!
Quiche with parmigiano and leeks. DM me if you want the recipe - it’s so easy to make.
Vermicelli Bites | Arabic sweet dish
Oreo and peanut butter s’mores. (Toasted s’mores co., Staten Island NY)
Taco meat and elote asadas
Chicken Marinara over Vegetables
Mini Baguettes
Asian Orange Chicken
Fritata
Blueberry muffins
smoked pizza
Chicken Ghee Roast|నేతి చికెన్ ఫ్రయ్|Home Kitchen Holland|India
Crispy southern-style buttermilk pork chops, brussels/carrots with balsamic glaze, and roasted potatoes
White Cheddar Curds with Crinkle Cut Fries and Browned Beef Pan Gravy
the most delicious of brunch tacos 😋
Fresh baked Lasagna
Pistachio Pinwheels
Vegetable Rose Tart
Wholesale Inflation Quickens To 2.03% In January From 1.22% In December - NDTV Profit
The Liz Lemon Sandwich
A simple southwestern salad-a perfect healthy &amp; aesthetically pleasing summer meal.
reverse sear wagyu
fillet steak and chips
duck with fresh thyme and a port wine sauce.
Spicy Tuna Roll.
https://ift.tt/3oXI1KU
Less doomscrolling, more chocolate chestnut drip cake.
Witch finger short breads
Buffalo chicken pizza
Freshly caught snapper fish tacos
Ribeye, Mashed Potatoes, Charred Asparagus
Costilla de cerdo BBQ
Tuna Poke Bowl
Lobster Roll and Onion Rings

salmon poke bowl
https://cutt.ly/ijHzj8h
Christmas Eve dinner.
Caramelised apple pie with apple cinnamon custard filling🥧Hоw tо Make Healthy Grееn Smoothies This post contains affiliate links which means if you click on a link and choose to make a purchase I may receive a commission at no additional cost to you. See our disclaimer for more information.
tom yam broth
Four Layer Southern Pecan Cake topped with Cinnamon and Vanilla Walnut Crumble and garnished with Pecans and Powdered Sugar. (Peep my puppy in the background hoping it falls on the ground)
Bruschetta w/ thick sliced mozzarella
Roast dinner
Italian meatloaf with roast potatoes and broccoli (polpettone al forno)
Braised short rib - Mashed potatoes - Vegetable Purée - Red wine reduction - Chives, Parsley, &amp; Lemon Zest.
Happy face eggs on toast with spicy sausage
Mole con pollo, arroz y tortilla en Alemania
6.5 hour spare ribs tonight
Crown Royal Peach Cobbler
roasted butternut squash and red onion, halloumi over rice.
Bolognese
eggs, bacon, and toast.
Meatball and fresh mozzarella pizza
Chicken Maharaja Mac
Peach Pie!
Ham and Corn Salsa with Fingerling Potaoes
Coconut Curry(trini style) Beef Stew with Forbidden Rice and Garlic Naan
Gnocchi alla sorrentina
Japanese curry with pork rib
cheese, egg, hot sauce, bacon toast
One Pound Double Homestyle Cheeseburger
cheesy smash burger
Salmon tacos
Flaky Meat Pie
French Food
roasted veggie pizza, no cheese, extra sauce
shrimp and crawfish étoufée
pickles by me!
garlic and Italian herb croutons
3 burger patties, 3 slices of cheese
Lobster, with fish &amp; shrimps
Grilled pork chop, vegetable medley, and grilled "baked" potato.
vegan hot chocolate in the city😋 #nyc
corn tortillas
Jowar (Sorghum) cookies
British onion and leek soup with garlic bread.
chili oil
Tuna &amp; Japanese mayonnaise onigiri - I missed going to Family Mart for these!
coffee
Salt &amp; Pepper Tofu
Cinnamon crumb cake
Oven fried chips
Mum's Famous Mini Mexican Street Taco Meal! 🌮
mushroom pepper fry
Crepes
Spicy and tasty chicken Ramen.
Smoked Lemon Butter Shrimps and Corns
First time making yellow curry!
Spicy Beef ramen
Toasted croissant with scrambled eggs and gouda
Oreo chocolate cake
bread with dried tomatoes and olives
Indian/cactus fig Smoothie
Chocolate mouse
Ever wanted to know how to make Tofu and Soy Milk at home? It's a lot easier than you think. Episode 19 is up on YouTube.
Strange Bun from Stardew Valley
mozzarella
sliced almonds + hot sauce; dried
Quick pepper-Jack sliders with chopped onion and pickles
Roast chicken
Sunday Enchiladas Night!
Easy Spring Rolls - Perfect Crispy Chicken Spring Rolls in Potato Nest - Ramadan Special Recipe
spicy pork stir fry
Ginger-lemon sandwich cookies
Rosemary and sea salt focaccia
Cheesesteak (unfortunately not on a hoagie). My dog passed away today (his name was Jersey (named after New Jersey because our family lived out the)) and I made this to remember him.
very simple Ramen
I saw your pan pizza post earlier today so I ran home and made one just now after work.
leftover puff pastry bake (all my leftovers inside puff pastry)
Chocolate and Red Velvet Cakes
All In One Dish  Recipe, Under 5 Minutes Video, Quick Nice &amp; Easy Simple...
Sunday macaroni
SeriousEats cold fermented pizza dough
Crispy Japanese Rice
Tteokbokki (Korean rice cakes) and spicy cucumber salad
Ribeye and artichokes
Chicken in a cone (from @hungermoods on twitter)
Cilantro-Chimichurri Flank steak with Lemon Cider dressed Arugula and Roasted Acorn squash
barramundi with tomato and white bean
red wine braised short rib and carrots. roasted brussels sprouts. garlic mashed potatoes.
McDonald’s- Where you now have to cook your food!
Chocolate Peanut Butter Cake
Valentine’s Day Sausage and Gravy
Blueberry Scones
Mexican Conchas
wholemeal garganelli
Green pea soup with salted pork
Mexican Torta with chorizo, steak and ham
this Thanksgiving-style panini
Pork Butt
Tempeh curry and rice
Cast iron seared flank steak with three garlic chimichurri, handcut fries with pickled onion and a ceaser salad.
Individual quiche made from pie tins I found in a thrift store. Bacon, spring onion, tomato, mushrooms and peppers.
Fresh Spinach Bisque with Shredded Cotswold
Steak Tacos
Baked Spaghetti
Prawn and Chorizo Pasta
Gajar halwa, matar-paneer, palak puri and simple puri. celebration of my daughter's birthday.
burger incl buns!
Ube
Trader Joe’s x Costco Charcuterie Board
lemon cupcakes with lemon frosting and red raspberry filling and drizzle.
Chicken Biscuit
Pasta with peppers and pork jowl
scrambled eggs, as easy as it gets 😁
What am I eating? I found this in a Ziploc in my freezer after my roommate moved out and I’ve been snacking on it. It’s sour/fermented and chewy and I think it’s supposed to taste like this bc it’s pretty tasty. I have no idea what the heck it is - other than probably Korean?
I used to do finger food/appetizers like my mom did on Xmas eve when I was a kid. Now that I’m all grown up (37) I figured I needed to upgrade that.
The start of a chicken parm.
bread pudding with raisins
Butternut Squash Ricotta Ravioli w/ brown butter sage and walnut sauce
Cornbread Muffins
sourdough calzone
Filipino puto Kutsinta -baked coconut rice
Pastrami reuben on  sourdough rye
Chicken Salad
pesto cream pasta
Pumpkin spice latte cupcakes
Ddukbokki (Korean spicy rice cakes)
Moroccan food
Philly Cheesesteak on garlic bread
pizza with burrata. It was delicious!
Salmon sashimi
Grain fed Australian wagyu tenderloin. Medium and rare.
I madecherry cheesecake macaroons!
Shoyu Ramen, with homemade veal bone broth, homemade alkaline noodles and sous vide pork tenderloin
génoise vanilla sponge. With mousseline, blackberry cream Bavaroise and red fruits
Honey butter dinner rolls
Brioche Pigs in a Blanket
Tsukemen Dipping Ramen with Chashu Pork and Leftover Turkey
breakfast quesadilla with all the fixings
Red snapper ceviche in avocado purée
Beef back ribs on the smoker
15% Einkorn wholemeal n 15% Emmer wholemeal Sourdough
this pizza
Fresh out of the oven French bread! I just got bread proofing bowls and needed to try them out!
greentel v10 tab specification V10 2GB Tab SLR 19,750 00
lox and egg open faced on pumpernickel
Fried Egg With Canadian Bacon On An English Muffin
Penne alla vodka with seared scallops. Merry Christmas!
Mes belles crêpes, exotic  pancakes with a tiny bit of butter and rich syrup.
Duck breast, farro, carrots, radicchio, mango gastrique
French Onion Smashburger
Rib bone broth based Korean Beef Kalgooksu + spicy seasoning on top
ful (fuava beans, lemon juice/olive oil, herbs/spices, egg) and romaine’s
Barramundi over hash with Salsa Fresca and lime crema - Hello Fresh
Dragonfruit Dragon
Ham and Cheese Stromboli
breakfast burrito
Rainbow Trout with Sautéed Baby Bellas and Roasted Asparagus
farfalle alla vodka
Bucatini with Marcella Hazan’s tomato sauce
Chicken Khao Soi
Vietnamese vermicelli with grilled pork and eggrolls!
Dark Chocolate peanut butter, banana, cacao granola, date syrup on toast from Fix n Fog, Wellington NZ.
Bourbon Sloppy Joes (Bison) with Extra Sharp Cheddar &amp; Pickled Onions
Unicorn Piñata Cake - White confetti cake, meringue butter cream, filled with candy
Swedish Almond Cake
Surf n' Turf for Christmas Eve - King Crab Legs, Filet Mignon, Coconut Shrimps, Cucumber and Esquites.
Biscuit de Savoie
Former Ohio police officer indicted in fatal shooting of Andre Hill - NBC News
Shrimp curry and rice
Came home to slow cooked beef soft tacos with charred corn and goats cheese salsa, guacamole and pickled slaw
Smoked Whole Ham
Tonkotsu Ramen!
BLT
cinnamon pretzel bites with cream cheese frosting
Asada tacos
Poppyseed Bagels
chicken karaage
Pizza with house-pickled banana peppers, fresh Basil, fresh tomato, black olives, arugula, and feta cheese
Cavatappi with Rao's tomato sauce, grated parm
toast
Weight loss: "I finish my dinner before 7 pm to stay fit" | The Times of India - Times of India
brisket, turkey, Mac n cheese, green bean casserole and mash
bourbon glazed ham
Moroccan Pancakes, Msemen
Rigatoni alla Vodka
Kaiserschmarrn with whipped cream and Fruit mix jam
Caramelized Onion BBQ Turkey Burger
Onion Rings &amp; Chipotle Sauce
Butterscotch and Salted Chocolate Pot de Creme
Hash browns with over medium eggs and bacon.
Sweet Potato Sage Ravioli
Smoked Chicken thighs with Alabama white sauce
pork/bok choy dumplings. My fingers hurt.
We made a cake for my son's Halloween birthday
Borscht
Detroit-style pizza (left) and New York-style pizza (right)
swiss meringue buttercream birthday cake
pro/chef Chef's Prestige salad
Ratatouille
72 Hour Beef Wellington from Alvin Zhou's Video
Gnocchi with 6-hour "Sunday" sauce.
Pan-seared wreckfish filet and mushroom risotto
Classic Soufflé, Cointreau and Adzuki Bean Ice-Cream
Steamed and Fried Ribeye Jiaozi (Dumplings)
Prosciutto Bread with Mozzarella
Veg plate: Yams w basil and lemon, Saag w ginger, Roasted carrots beans peppers and beets with garlic and cinnamon
yum
Practice Turkey
Chocolate Chips Cookies and milk
NYE main course of sous vide striploin with compound butter, fondant potato, honey baked cipollini, and red wine demi glace reduction
Pork, peppers and sweet potatoes.
Dinner; rib roast
Crispy shredded duck, steamed pancakes, scallions and cucumbers
Shrimp Cocktail
Filet Mignon.
lemon tart
Julia Child’s boeuf bourguignon &amp; J Kenji Lopez Alt’s super crispy potatoes
Beef fajitas
The 1 Minute Weight Loss Program
Glazed, Chocolate, and Cinnamon Donuts
Cream buns with champagne strawberry filling and covered in marzipan.
Mercimek Koftesi aka Red lentil kofte
creamy Italian sausage and white bean soup
French Lawmakers Approve Bill To Fight "Islamist Separatism" - NDTV
Baked French Onion with a side of Steak
Cinnamon Apple Muffins
Pasta arrabiata with  Italian sausage
Lobster grilled over a wood fire, rice and peas and hard-dough bread
Buffalo Wings
Home made nachos
Steak/Chicken, red &amp; green bell peppers, onions, and pineapples
homemade Italian pizza
chocolate peppermint roll
shakshuka
Threw down some wicked awesome Hibachi
Gua Baos
Giant skillet cookie
Philly cheesesteak with sweet potato oven fries
East German Jäger-Schnitzel with noodles and tomato sauce
Bulgogi steak with kimchi fried rice
At Dhamaka, Indian Village Food Comes to the City - The New York Times apple cheddar pie
chocolate glazed doughnuts!
Chocolate Mango Mousse Cake
Christmas Pizzelles, From an old Family Recipe... and an even older Pizzelle maker
Conchas
roast pork
- Recently started an Instagram (crumbs_bakery._ ) for all my bakes but struggling to get followers 💔 If anyone could follow I’d be grateful 😋
The little octopuses.
butter chicken based on the latest video from Joshua Weissman. Quick, easy, and delicious!
Burger in Office
Artichoke Slab Pie with a Cream Cheese Crust
Mushroom Dahi (Curd) Curry
Mushoom pepper fry recipe.
Crispy Chicken Loaded Fries
Berry chantilly cake
waffleburger, steak fries and a cucumber and tomato salad
Sesame crusted seared ahi tuna with pickled veggies
The morning hunt was great success.
I got bored today and decided to make sailor-style hardtack
Peanut Butter Blossoms!
busiate with minced lamb n vegetables sauce
Brisket Eggs Benedict
Lobster rolls
"", Stuffed Taco Bread.
“” pouched egg
bibimbap
Birria
Black Duck Breast. Served over thyme/garlic sweet potato purée with oyster mushrooms reduced in a red wine sauce.
fruit of the forest, almond cream, citrus streusel on a sweet tart dough!
¿Qué puede comer un diabético para el almuerzo?
RailRestro adopted a Swiggy-like model to provide fresh, hygienic meals during train journey - YourStory
I had this calzone a while back but it was delicious
Chorizo and Cilantro Grilled Cheese
Pork Potstickers
French Baguette Bread
Thin ribeye steak and salad
chocolate cake for Valentine’s Day
Caribbean Caprese salad with grilled octopus on my honeymoon!
Breakfast 😋
butter basted prime NY strip
Oklahoma onion burger
Helping Dad clean. #nikejustdoit
pasta is always the best pasta!
Chicken and Pineapple Pizza
Spicy Poké
Halloumi , chestnuts and Brussel sprouts, added a sprinkle of gralic and onion powder , cooked in butter.
Chocolate babka
Southern-Sweetcorn style Omurice and Pulled Pork
oven baked Hotdogs
Chirashi Plates &amp; Oysters
chocolate cake iced in swiss meringue buttercream.
Chocolate Dominoes
Chicken Caprese w/Parmesan Risotto
- Butterfingers!
Pizza Portuguesa
Mauritian fried noodles with beef
Lemon Garlic Tuna Cakes
Sushi 🍱
Nuts and Bolts
Meatballs
3 euros worth of fries in Antwerp, Belgium
Baked Scamorza on Sourdough with Rosemary
Flourless cake with ganache
Korean air-fried chicken tendies
Walnut Oat &amp; Dried Fruit Spice Bread with Butter
Pressure Cooker Shrimp Paella
Orange chicken and mushroom chicken combo plate
lemon and garlic chicken fillets with a Mediterranean salad.
Spicy Udon bowl with shrimp
Miso Ramen w/ Chashu and Ramen Eggs
Korean style wings, and fish cake fries
I see your croissant eggs Benedict and raise you my eggs Benedict on crumpets
chocolate dipped mini blood oranges
The same chicken shawarma pizza as the guy yesterday. It's killer
Galaxy chocolate cookies
T bone steak with asparagus and truffle mashed potatoes.
chilli pepper and purple onion balls
Raspberry Cheesecake
Brisket, Ribs, Pulled Pork, Burnt end beans and coleslaw.
Red velvet cookies.
Root Beer Float
Italian chicken cutlets
SingleThread farm breakfast
bakin bacon
Smoked Wings &amp; Jalepeño Ranch
Poached Eggs
Chicken &amp; mushroom pasta bake
Creamy Chicken Ramen
Lemony Shrimp Dumplings with Kimchi Yogurt Dipping Sauce
Cheese Burger
Cottage pie
dumplings
Chicken &amp; pineapple tacos
burnt sugar cake
Deviled Eggs with Crab and Pickled Mustard Seeds
Mesquite Smoked Brisket
Chicken tikka masala &amp; Basmati Rice
Ravioli with mushrooms, onions and white sauce. And some wine to drink!
Smoked salmon* avocado roll and shitake miso soup
Hawaiian Style Ahi Poke with Avocado, Shallot Rice &amp; Ponzu
doubble chese burger
Chicken Brine
chicken leek and mushroom pie
A slice of  pecan pie cheesecake
I can teach you how to doughie-- teach you teach you how to doughie
Poached chicken &amp; greens, steamed white rice, crispy chicken skin, spring onion and ginger relish. Served alongside the poaching broth.
Seafood Salad Sandwiches
neapolitan style pizza (in regular oven)
Tteokbokki and butter garlic fries
Red velvet cake
Genovese Meat Sauce
spinach quiche with chiken and cheese !
, brunch with herb sausages, hash browns, cherry tomatoes, a brioche roll, fried egg and spinach and mushrooms.
Short Ribs and Fried Rice
filet mignon &amp; lobster tail w/ "smashed" potatoes &amp; asparagus all covered in a champagne butter sauce
Fettuccine Alfredo
Blackened chicken over rigatoni with a creamy roasted red pepper sauce.
Moose and wild mushroom “moose dip” sandwich!
Pho Dac Biet
Made these today!
Fresh Linguine Marinara
Tacos should definitely be considered a love language
How to Carve a Turkey For Beginners
Hello foodies I am here with very easy and quick  Club Sandwiches recipe... Which helps me on Blackout Day Trust me very quick but Delicious sandwiches must try for recipe plz visit: https://youtu.be/STXroJODsN8 #clubsandwich #blackout #blackoutpakistan #snacks #sandwich
beef Wellington for Christmas dinner. 10/10.
gluten-free cinnamon rolls
Japanese cherry blossom kit Kat.
Watch: Josh Hazlewood's Sensational Effort To Dismiss Hanuma Vihari - NDTVSports.com
English muffin, sausage, and eggs sandwiches
Made some doughnuts
Pork fillet on panko crumbs and dijon creamy sauceTop Pinoy Food to try🍲
Turkey Burger Patties w/ Salad
Crockpot Caramelized Pork Ramen Noodle Soup w/Curry Roasted Acorn Squash
Does anyone know what this Indian food is called?
A Cinnamon Roll topped with Cream Cheese Frosting, Apple Pie Filling and Caramel
Hamburgers with homemade brioche buns, thousand island sauce, avocado, tomato, lettuce, American cheese, and vegetarian patty (and homemade garlic fries on the side).
Chinese Chicken Chowmein
Smashburgers 🤤
Pasta with Ricotta Sauce topped with Romano and Parsley
sushi: avocado, carrot, cucumber and smoked salmon.
Mutton Dum Biriyani.(And,Raita as well!)
https://ift.tt/2Y9dNsq
Gyūdon + Chicken Shogayaki.
King oyster mushroom scallops and lemon asparagus!
Ultimate omelet.
Butter-Basted Porterhouse Steak
Strawberry Pie Lattice-Style
Lamb, Roasted Carrots, Wild Mushrooms, Mint Yogurt
Chocolate stuffed buns
Black forest gatueo
Mini Big Mac Chili Cheese Burger and Mini Burgers with homemade buns
Mapo Tofu
Smoked Brisket Point
Toasted bagel w/cream cheese, tomato, basil, and chilli jam.
Signature sushi rolls! Celebrating wedding anniversary.
Sunday Roast. Roast beef with gravy, balsamic mushrooms, Yorkshire pudding, potato gratin
Maple-Bacon cheeseburger
Air fryer salmon, oven roasted broccoli, and brown rice  mmmmm
Minestrone
Grilled chicken brioche burger
Roast Hen
Various semolina and water dough pastas
Toasted Breakfast Subs w/ Maple Mustard and Monterey Jack
Mini Apple Pie. Happy Thanksgiving, ya'll.
Hyderabadi Biryani Tonight
Apple Puff Pastry with Creme Anglaise
Spinach and Turkey Omelette with Perfectly Runny Yolks
Challah
BBQ Smoked Mac and Cheese with bacon and jalapeños. Forgive the messy dish. It’s a ... messy dish.
12 Days of Christmas Cookies
Panettone
moose with roasted sweet potato, onion, garlic and an arrugula sallad
picture says it all ❤️
Goat Stew
Lychee caviar
Cool recipe
Orange glazed cod on a bed of barley and vegetables
the legend of classic, Waldorf Astoria red cake.
Fresh seafood for husbands birthday!
The Crisp Butty
double double animal style
Prosciutto and Arugula Pizza
spam fried rice
Toasted sourdough with vegetarian pastrami, emmental, and cheshire cheese
It takes me 9 days to make pastrami. Worth every minute.
Chocolate dipped raspberries!!
A study in tortilla pizza
Shrimp fried rice lunch box ❤️
Chocolate Mudcake with crushed Oreos.
Triple Cream Trimmings
Saffron risotto, spiced salmon, mushrooms and asparagus, and avocado cream
gnocchi with lamb ragu
English muffins from my own sourdough starter
My family’s original paella recipe
Shrimp on asparagus/leek/potato velluté
Orange vanilla pancakes
eef stew mashed potatoes salad
Crêpe Suzette
Bagel medley
shrimp tacos with mojo sauce.
Flavorful Oxtails!
lentil meatballs with coconut curry sauce
Cholesterol Killer Bagel
Low fat fluffy biscuits
spring rolls
- Almond Tofu
Grilled cheese filled with buffalo chicken dip
French Onion Soup (Croutons be Kenji Taters)
NGỌT TAN CHẢY Với Món Súp Được Làm Từ Các Loại KẸO SẮC MÀU - Thánh Nấu Ă...
giant cinnamon roll with walnuts creme cheese butter and brown sugar baked into dough.
Oven Baked Salmon
Chocolate and rum Christmas cake
Chicken Salad Sandwich Bites
Ravva laddu | Sooji Ladoo | రవ్వ లడ్డు | Semolina Laddu | Festival recip...
- How to make Nigerian Okra Soup *must watch*
After 3 tries that ended up in the trash, I finally managed to successfully bake a delicious bread!
Lamb breast, Potato, Carrot, Shallot, Pea Purée
Homemade Matcha-fudgy-cookies
Classic Thanksgiving Dinner!
Quail Scotch Eggs
Sage Sausage and Pumpkin baked Ziti with a ton of parm!
Three-cheese, hickory bacon melt on buttered garlic bread
French onion soup with homemade duck broth.
Cherry Tomato &amp; Basil Macaroni with Garlic and Pepper
Pressure Cooker Pho
oatflour muffin with cacao nibs
I ate  menemen.
BBQ chicken and grilled corn.
Pepper Poppers
... and it was amazing!
Fruit Tart
Walnut French Toast
Chicken Gyro
baked Asian wings and Chinese broccoli with oyster sauce
futomaki
Green Risotto with Mushrooms
Honey Sriracha meatballs
Maple Frosted and Chocolate Frosted Donuts
Leftover Turkey gumbo.
Chicken and Mushroom Noodle Soup with Sesame Miso
- Seared Ahi tuna with fresh passionfruit, mango, and jicama, with a citrus cilantro sauce
Steamed Tilapia with onions, ginger, tomatoes, lemon and cilantro
B.L.T. Wrap with Cheese
"" Paneer pakora recipe..do subscribe to my youtube channel for more exciting receipes
Tortilla Española / Spanish Omelet
sugar cookies
Bangers &amp; Mash cooked in Red Onion, Mushrooms and Red Wine
Avocado Toast with Roasted Cherry Tomatoes
Otis Lee’s Detroit Famous Poundcake
Scrambled eggs with soy chorizo, baguette, artisan cheese, avocado, grapefruit and mixed coffee drink with agave syrup and cinnamon
NOLA-Style BBQ Shrimp
Carrot cake entremets kinda things w cream cheese mousse, lemon Chantilly, and white chocolate
- salmon filet with fried onion and spinach and organic spaghetti
Kottu Roti out of thanksgiving leftovers! Can’t believe it works 🙏🏻
lobster salad on a NYV everything bagel
Giant Shrimps and How To Peel Them (A Novel)
rock cakes
bone marrow and toast
beef ragu
Salmon Eggs Benedict
Galette des rois
fresh strawberry cupcakes
Shredded chicken tacos
a Bacon, Brisket, Onion Ring, Fried Gruyere Cheeseburger, and fries
Pork &amp; seafood tom yam soup noodles
Toast with avocado, eggs, bacon, feta and chilli mayonnaise
Sunny side up eggs with cheese melted on them, bacon, toast and habanero sauce as a condiment
chilly
Lemon Mint Juice - The Quick Recipe
Thai basil pork
Meat Pie
honey garlic chicken with veggie fried rice :)
Ray wings with a side salad.
Fettuccine in Alfredo Sause
sausage dutch baby
this burger.
chocoumousse tartelets with praliné and orange curd, topped with macarons
Low temperature cooked salmon with spicy cucumber skin and tzatziki with cherry tomatoes
Mincemeat Sweetrolls
tortellini with vodka sauce (i didn’t use a recipe so i don’t really have one to share, sorry!)
Truffle Mac n Cheese
Indian chicken curry
Mediterranean Lemon Garlic Shrimp Orzo. I found it on Pintrest. While it may not look pretty it is delicious.
Mozzarella breadsticks
Lamb Curry With Naan
Wide bun
smoked mango habanero wings. Fermented a mango habanero hot sauce cut w/ honey and avocado oil. Dehydrated the guts from the hot sauce and made a chili salt. Smoked over cherry wood with whisky barrel chunks
going to be good on this snowy night did a pre cook this morning
Fluffy pancakes were delicious so  everything
smoked ham &amp; potatoes with green beans
creme brulee
Would you eat this quick &amp; easy seafood Paella ? 🥘 Spanishfood. Visit me on Youtube Lelitas kitchen
copy cat starbucks bacon gouda sandwich
Colorado Winter Storm Update: Winter storm warning persists for Front Range
My Strawberry Lemonade Birthday Cake.
A homemade garlic-sauce pizza topped with caramelized onions, roasted red peppers, grilled chicken, and feta cheese.
Chilli dogs
sausage and pepper in a red sauce
Two Traditional DELICIOUS Indonesian Drinks

Egg on avocado toast with kielbasa sausage on the side
Watch This Kid Pronounce ‘Nutella’ Hilariously Wrong in Viral Video - Fatherly
Halloween cake
Roasted Cauliflower at The Sipp
Cowboy ribeye steaks
Chicken and vegetable pie.
Misir wot
Ham and Egg Fried Rice
six mini cheesecakes
Hand Pulled Chinese Noodles with Chicken and Shrimp
Mini spiced apple crumbles
Potato Salad - Grandma’s recipe
It is a duck
Big breakfast
I made the murder cookies recipe!
- Kung-Pao Chicken
Spaghetti alla carbonara
Breakfast Bacon and Egg Naan
rustic pizza made with my homemade mozzarella, and dough made with whey from the cheese making process
Jamaican Style Slow-Cooked Lamb Curry with Okra &amp; Potatoes
Jumbo scallops, shrimp, new potatoes, pickled onion and black beans
pork baby back ribs, box mac n cheese, brown sugar and honey seared carrots, sue me.
corn chowder
Tomato and chorizo risotto topped with parsley and some parmesan.
Man charged in Capitol riot worked for FBI, lawyer says - NBC News
I have passion for food and diet, so here you have some interesting ideas about food and this is my home page. Please check it out. And i would like to share with you everything about food. PS: I'm just a beginner in this business
Thai tea, lemon, Matcha Macrons
Cast Iron / Stuffed Crust Pizza
- HECSPK on a proper NY Hard Roll
Rib eye roast, mashed potatoes, Brussel sprouts.
Diwali Dinner.
Pan-fried salmon and tender stem broccoli with a fried egg and balsamic glaze
Herbed pork chop, Portuguese sweet roll, and eggs with dill.
Breakfast casserole
Dark Chocolate &amp; Orange Cookies
NewHolland T8.410 plowing
Eggnog Coffee Cake Muffins
Hassleback potatoes 😋
Everything Cookie filled with Cream Cheese from Chips NYC
Smoked brisket melt with broccoli cheddar soup
Italian night
egg yolk Omelette ish the kids tiktok request
Doritos nachos
Tuscan Chicken w/ Spinach
Burger with Bubbly
Bizcochuelo
Best  oatmeal raisin cookies 🙌🏻. Comment below if you want the recipe!
Double burger with homemade big mac sauce.
fried chicken, rice with ketchup, baked banana, and carrot, coriander, mayo and lemon salad
Udon
Almond Butter Patties with Curry, Chili powder and Grated Parmesan -
Deep Fried Potato Pizza Bites
blueberry waffles
ending this one hell of a year with some love.
Reuben Egg Rolls
Crack Chicken
Cajun chicken &amp; andouille pasta
Christmas Ham Dinner
lamb fille
Salmon tartar
Double cheeseburger with gherkins, onions, bacon, cholula and mayonnaise.
loaded Nachos
Pork rib tips and shrimp in a tomato, chili, garlic sauce over spaghetti noodles.
Mini sweet potato ‘chebureki’. Also made toum to dip (not pictured)
Veggie Phad Thai
Buffalo Parm Wings - Smoked
Spicy Pineapple
Caramelized Shallot Pasta
French toast for breakfast
Thai curry ( red )
pork cutlet with spicy mushroom sauce
The 21 days Journey that anyone can do
Brunch board.
Burger King - Grilled Garden Salad - No Dressing (almost 320 calories)
Salmon poke bowl
Eggs, fresh spinach, cherry tomatoes, grapes strawberries and blueberries.
Fresh strawberry jam  by my 11 y/ o son
Red beet and miso cured salmon, topped with lemon zest.
Raisin scones with clotted cream and strawberry preserves.
r/ “”
loaded baked potato soup
roasted rack of lamb
Reverse Seared New York Strip and Charred Asparagus
McCarthy Salad from the Beverly Hills Hotel Polo Lounge - Clone
black pepper beef
Butter chicken, roti (indian flat bread) and mint chutney
St. Patrick's Day Corned Beef + Veggies
Bread Pudding
My take on Popeye’s
SurfnBurger.
classic banana muffins
All beef hotdog with Chipotle mayo, relish, cheddar, fritos, dill, and cilantro
freshly steamed pork rice noodle rolls
Donald Russell's Sunday Pork Roast
the best bread I've ever made!
Breakfast Begal
Super "fast" Pozole by  Briggidy
Oatmeal!
Shrimp Ramen/Spicy Mushroom Broth/Kale/Kimchi
Beef shank bourguignon with mashed potatoes
tomato basil pizza
cool buns
Butterfly Lobster Tail, Roast Asparagus and Brussel Sprouts, Simple Spaghetti
Best way to start morning with a delicious Turkish Breakfast 🍳🧀🍯🥒🍅
Bacon wrapped jalapeño poppers
It’s not bad for you if it looks this good, right?
Chicken Cordon Bleu With Supreme Sauce
Strawberry Cheesecake no bake
Alio e olio
Dark Chocolate Cake with Shaved Chocolate
Infrared Boneless Buffalo Wings (because tenders were all I had 😅)
Let me know if anyone knows what this is, this photo was taken in Sweden. Looks like some type of pastry maybe.
Apple Galette
Thousands flee Hong Kong for UK, fearing China crackdown - The Indian Express
BLT sandwich w/ smoked Gouda, Bib lettuce and Pickle .
NY strip steak with black truffle Au Poivre sauce
So I tried my hand at gumbo today. Good lord it is wonderful.
🥐☕ How To Make Cream Horns At Home - 4 DIFFERENT CREAMS☕🥐 - 4 DIFFERENT CREAM
Super Delicious Oxtails Baby!
Bone in ribeye, garlic mash, and lightly roasted peppers and mushrooms
Vanilla Birthday Cupcakes w/ Buttercream Frosting
BBQ Pork Chop with Mashed Potatoes &amp; Bacon Mushroom Gravy
Spicy peanut tofu with kale and broccoli
Bob’s Burgers: Bet It All on Black Garlic Burger
With football there must be hot wings
BBQ chicken on a charcoal grill
MBS7 Wagyu NY Strip
Personal chicken pot pies
My omnivore salad = greens, tomato, whole dulse, and some pan cooked beef

some of the best food in Istanbul for ex. the Testi Kebab! Is there any other foods I should try while in Turkey?
panko crusted Cod with green beans and mashed potatoes
deep dish pizza
Lemon sugar cookies
Pizza
salmon teriyaki
Tenderloin, mushroom sauce, jerusalem artichokes and glazed carrots
WHO asks countries to expedite genomic sequencing of mutant virus strains - Mint
hole in the middle
still got this pistachio Panettone from Christmas
Marinated chicken thighs, sweet potatoes, asparagus, rice, pickled onions and herb pesto sauce
Pancake bread
Butter chicken, afgani tikka and malai tikka.
Creamy Garlic Butter Salmon
Spaghetti with Mushrooms and Paneer
Ground beef and pulled pork poutine
"Bet it on Black Garlic" burgers from Bob's Burgers
Risotto of trio mushrooms - Morel, Shimeji Brown, and Swiss brown and pork medallions
Open-faced Ham and Egg Sandwich
dueling chicken pot pies.
French fries topped with chopped pork chops and onion w/ melted Mexican blend cheese
Brown Sugar and Salt Gelato
Sourdough Discard Popovers
pistachios today and my friend told me that some have worms in them. Ignore the picture. What percentage of pistachios have bugs in them? Because now I am afraid to eat them!
Roasted a chicken last night. Buttermilk brined for 24 hours.
Japanese lunch. OBENTO.
Peshawar Food Lamb Pakistan
(Blueberry cake with almonds essence and coconut) I made a cake I’m 12 years old,it turned out perfectly cooked on the inside and outside. Criticism allowed
I’m team ricotta toast &gt; avocado toast.
Smoked salmon with Rye bread and cream cheese. With a nasturtium flower just because.
Avocado Breakfast Sandwich
Gingery chicken and rice noodle soup with crispy garlic
Vodka sauce with Salmon and sweet peas over Penne pasta
Loaded Baked Potato Pizza
My Quarter-Pounder
Smoked Blackened salmon &amp; carbs 3 ways - spaghetti with homemade marinara, spaghetti with clarified butter, and green bean risotto.
Pappardelle with “Sunday Gravy”
Sri Lanka Hoppers with Chicken Curry and Lunumiris
Pistachio and walnut rolled Baklava
Elk steak, fresh from the mountain
My-dadforgotthebread sandwich
Virginian Brunswick Stew
Pomegranate-marinaded lamb shashlik
I made Tonkotsu Ramen. 9lbs of pork trotter, 6lbs of chicken carcass and 60 hours later of slow cooking, my Tonkotsu broth was created.
https://ift.tt/35TYmZs
filet, broccolini and compound butter
Panda Express Beef and Broccoli with Store Bought Chow Mein
Onion Garlic Dill Challah
Linguine with scallops and bacon in a garlic butter sauce
Okonomiyaki in Hiroshima, Japan.
Bredittors have really been showing some love for these so thought I’d share with some other food loving friends! These honey buttermilk biscuits are simply to die for.
Apple pie topped /w cinnamon-almonds
Banana Pudding Cake
Halloween Red Velvet Cupcakes
Buckwheat waffles with avo, bacon, egg and hollandaise
Jerky, potatoes, carrots and green beans curry!
Christmas apple pie
Turkey pot pie
Irish ☘️ beef stew
Chilli Non-Carne With Roasted Peppers
crispy pork belly stuffed with pretzel dumplings
My potato aloo curry was amazing but not spicy enough so I fixed it
Cucumber Pizza
I ate an aesthetically pleasing double bacon cheese burger, a true work of art
beignets
beef cheese jalapeños empanadas with salsa verde
Pizza Margherita (which has an oddly weird shape)
Fiji Indian hot chicken curry, Bombay roast potatoes, cucumber, tomato and mint raita with basmati rice.
Matcha Swiss Roll
Have your say: Curry on rice or rice on curry?
poke bowl.
Salmon Sashimi Salad
Breakfast hotdog
Brioche.
Caesar salad
Schnitzel, Pommes Frites and Cucumber Salad
Healthy Cocoa cake
Midwest green beans and potatoes
Red Bean Paste filled Sesame Balls
soufflé pancakes
Delicious pepperoni pizza 🍕
French toast with homemade bread
Vegan Pillsbury Pumpkin Sugar Cookies
Steak Fettuccine
Sourdough cinnamon-raisin bread
classic hot buffalo wings
Lazy Mama Chicken Pot Pie
Hat Yai Fried chicken with sticky rice
Al Pastor Tacos
carnitas, beans and rice! Also the guac and pico !
Sweet Corn Masala Curry|शादीयों की पनीर जैसी tasty स्वीट कार्न की सब्जी|...
homemade paellas gigantes
Pan-fried steak, mashed potatoes, and cream spinach
Gluten-free Pita Bread
cranberry curd tart with biscoff cookie crust and candied cranberry garnish.
Chicken hyderabadi
Skirt steak with horseradish sauce and bed of mushrooms and onions
Smoked herb butter crusted prime rib
Thai-style Beef with Basil and Chilis, Red Curry Bok Choy, Brown and Jasmine Rice, Crispy Shallots, Lime
Cajun Crab Legs
Lemony Salmon with Cherry Tomato Couscous
General Tso’s w/ Thai cucumber salad
Florentine’s biscuits ☑️
Chicken and Waffles with Spicy Honey
Tiny pancake my mom made
Salsa Verde Chicken Enchiladas
Tarte with ricotta &amp; zucchini served with romesco sauce
Tuna steak, parmesan garlic mashed potatoes and buttery green beans with candied pecans.
BMS 9+ Aussie Wagyu, Parmesan roasted potatoes and broccoli, roasted carrots, bourbon barrel aged red wine reduction. Happy new year r/food
Roast chicken, Serrano ham, bacon, tomato, red onion, lettuce, chipotle Mayo, jalapeño sub.
A local church is distributing food to help families during Covid. I am on maternity leave so we are down income &amp; it’s been super helpful! I used the leftover chicken, taco meat, cheese, and sour cream to make nachos! All I had to add was chips, salsa, &amp; green onion I grow in my window!
Pulled pork sandwich with bacon, egg, and cheese
Grilled Chicken Sandwich
Craft Panko breaded Alaskan cod On Mexican lavash with marinated cabbage and Salsa Blanca
Lamb shoulder fillet w/Aubergine and Duck Egg
Sugar free pumpkin bread muffins!
meatloaf melt
how to create zoom account on pc / laptop - how to create zoom account in laptop
Double Smash Burger with Fried Onions and a Caper Mayo Sauce on a Potato Bun
Carbonara.
The Funniest "Follow Me For More Recipes"
A5 Wagyu Feast @ The X Pot, Las Vegas
Big Ol' Ho Ho
Rainbow Cookie Ice Cream
Bahn Mi and Pho
Oven Roasted Leg of Lamb and Quinoa Tabbouleh
Our Thanksgiving turkey waiting to be carved.
roasted potatoes, salami, eggs w/ onions, bell pepper, hot sauce.
tendies with mango-curry- and green garlic dip.
Matcha energy balls
Kimchi Fried Rice and Shaking Beef
Lobster, Scallop, Clam and Squid Cioppino.
Erachi Pathiri (Beef Masala Stuffed Fried Rotis) Indian Empanadas
Cancer prevention ingredient ---Black Turmeric ---""
My attempt at a rainbow cake!
Oven baked garlic parmesan fries
Chicken broccoli cheese casserole
German Stew Grünkohl
Dark Chocolate Hot Cocoa Bombs
Cinnamon Flower Rolls
, this dish to enjoy a great taste.
Key Lime Pie Brulee
24 hr sous vide roast beef sandwich
Best Singaporean Rice Recipe
Risotto Cacio e Pepe, Apple Brussel Slaw, and Bacon Wrapped Steak
things get heated!
Beef Wellington’s
open faced meatball sandwich
Pumpkin Bread with a Spiced Buttercream
Smoked pork butt.
Chicken and waffles with spicy syrup and spicy whipped cream and a huckleberry Moscow mule
Proud Boys leader arrested in the burning of Black Lives Matter banner, D.C. police say - The Washington Post
Scallops with Roman Wine Sauce and Jellied Merlot
Enjoy those 3 dessert easy and tasty
Chicken ala King
Buttered Pop Tart
Still Warm Apple Fritter
red velvet cake!!
Half lamb half green squash gyro... Lamb meat found @ Traders Joe’s
Ramen with brussel sprouts and Salmon
Turtle cheesxakws for the last three
Butterzopf Swiss Bread.
sour dough pizza
Smoked Chicken Wing
Decadent Chocolate Cheesecake
Egg fried rice with some sausages
Ube Jam on Toast and Tree Cucumber-Ginger Smoothie
rolled pizza
Smoked brisket Banh Mi (everything but the bread)
soy garlic Korean fried chicken
Nashville hot chicken buttermilk biscuit
Salmon dinner✨| step by step|+ tiny meal prep
Chinese Five Spice Roast Pork served with Spicy Mustard and Bao
marshmallows my 11 year old son made for a competition at school (he won btw)
Parmesan soufflé
a round challah to celebrate a new year.
ĂN Các Nhân Vật POKEMON !! Thánh Nấu Ăn ASMR Stop Motion Animation/Funny...
April Fool’s Poop Cookies
whole wheat pretzels
For Christmas my grandma made this ossobuco!
Cinnamon apple pie
Pan seared NY strip
Smoked Ham
Tomahawk steak
Pan-fried chicken with a warm kale and potato salad
Pork fried rice
Fries and Bean Stew at a restaurant in my local town.
Buttermilk Biscuit
Chocolate fudge cake topped with strawberries
Steak fajita breakfast tacos
birria tacos with slow roasted oxtail
Red Vodka Salmon
triple chip and walnut chip brownies
Chimichanga with red sauce
This is my favorite Hamburger
Pizza broiler style (X-Post from r/pizza)
Filipino BBQ on a stick serve with Atsara (papaya salad)
making beef burger - so yummy you must enjoy it
Tiramisu Cream Puffs with coffee jelly-filled white chocolate teacups.
"",Foods You Could Ever Eat
Butter chicken with basmati rice
Berry Pavlova
Chorizo, Asparagus &amp; Mushroom pizza!
Oak Smoked TX BBQ Platter w/ Brisket, Burnt Ends, Sausage, Spare Ribs &amp; Pulled Pork
Chocolate cake with ganache, caramel, and a mixed berry compote.
(Homemade) cheese platter
Mille-Feuille Nabe
Vegetable pajeon w/ choganjang
Oatmeal Peanut Butter Chocolate Chip Cookies.
Garlic bread with gnocchi and broccoli
Korean Corndogs
Toast with a primary layer of fresh ground pepper garnished guacamole, and a second layer of fresh, homemade, chickpea curry, topped of with diced onions. Mmmm!
cheesy bean dip
I made a non-box cake today! Lemon cake with a homemade strawberry buttercream. Tried my hand at fondant as well (not the best job, but I tried)
ICE SCREAM A CREEPY Ice Cream with HUMAN FACE How Cook ASMR Stop Motio...
Japanese vege ramen.
Earth's surface is 71% water
Prosciutto Arugula Pizza with Balsamic Glaze
Breakfast spread
smoked beef rib
grilled chicken wings/
My attempt at Chicken Cordon Bleu
my second ever loaf!
potato latkes with sour cream, chives and smoked salmon
Fried rice with cubed Korean short ribs
Cochinita Pibil with homemade achiote paste and pickled onions
Burrata with parma ham
Bbq smoked ribs and chicken at campsite. $11.50 and came with a sweet tea, beans and coleslaw. Fed two people.
Laswa - a regional vegetable soup from the Philippines
Zucchini Lasagna
Salmon and cheesy, herb roasted potatoes w/store bought rolls
Fresh Mozzarella &amp; Basil Pizza
Perfecting my sourdough sandwich loaves.
Late-night twice-baked potato
spicy raw pork.
Blueberry pancakes with bacon.
Pizza in Cast Iron
Rosti with peppered smoked salmon and sour cream
Apple Cinnamon Loaf
Chicken and Shrimp Katsu Curry
Blackened Shrimp w/ Avocado Lime Salad, Thai Dragon Noodle Bowl, Build Your Own Pizza Bowls, Grilled Chicken w Kalamata Olive Pasta Salad
Pepperoni Pizza
chicken skewer with couscous, hummus and a garden beet salad
cheesecake brownies
Christmas Eve dinner. Pistachio crusted rack or lamb, twice baked potatoes, and roasted brussles sprouts.
Butter beer macarons
Rump and sweet potato fries with a salad.
Steak with Kale
Wok-fried flat noodles that turned out like Pad Thai
Chocolate y Helado de Vainilla
Tres Leches Cake Doughnut
Egg bouncer with Bacon, Cheese, Garlic, Dille, Pepper and Salt. Oh, and on top, extra Bacon and Cheese. Cheers!
chicken!
smoked venison sticks over applewood
20 min Millennial Meals by #ChefRae - Teriyaki Turkey Meatballs with rice and veggies
caramelized onion and leek quiche
Easter Bun(ny)s
muffins
Barbecue
This man and his cultural  foods are shocking, i ate these kind of foods
Hand-laminated Vegan Croissant
Toshikoshi Soba - but switched the fishcake for gyozas
-vegeterian pasta salad with carrots,peas and bell peppers...
dried tomatoes
Beef, onion, olive, mushroom pizza
Devilled Eggs
Lamb marinated in mint and thyme and baked in oven for 6 hours.
Flatbread with baba ganoush, sausage, chimichurri, and picked chillis
Freshly Baked Golden Crisp Croissants
Reverse Seared Strip Steak.
Chintan Shoyu Ramen with Kimchi, Chashu, and Onsen Tamago
Cacio e Pepe
#cheeseburger Bacon and Cheeseburger, fries with home style tomato sauce
rocket pesto and smoked salmon rigatoni
Sesame Chicken
Beef roast dinner
Pancake
Mermaid cake
Smoked lamb Burgers
Indulgent chocolate cheesecake!😋
triple smashed burger with bacon and Emmenthal cheese
How to cook , pinoy Beefsteak
Chinese BBQ marinated for 24 hours then cooked on a pellet smoker
Breakfast! Egg, cranberry beans, mushroom, onion, garlic, cheddar, and "sausage".
veal paillard
Meat and seafood paella
Pepper steak with potatoe wedges in truffle sauce
chicken badly present I know but it was fun to make made up the spice mix and stuff tasted good
Surf and turf three ways
Honey amaretto cheesecake.
ramen and salmon nigiri
Mango, blueberry, and graham crackers. W/ honey and lemon yogurt
NY Style bagels
Bigos Królewski - Polish Hunters Stew
Rustic White Bread
Madeleines
chocolate skulls with Carmel filling
Roast Pork Hong Kong Style (燒肉)

Lasagna
Sub Burger 🍔
Chicken broth with homemade dumplings
Just out of the oven, fresh dough, mozzarella, tomato sauce (made last week), ricotta, fennel sausage, roasted peppers (yesterday) and dried oregano. Not pictured is the grated Pecorino Crotonese that went on after she was sliced.
steak and cheese quesadilla with fire roasted pepper salsa.
brownies
Sugar Cookie Charcuterie Board
Fusion Philly
Venezuelan Christmas food
Chicken caprese skewers
Buffalo Mac
Tata Motors Q3 net profit surges 67% to ₹2,906 cr on festive boost - Mint
Pizza Medley
Bored chef at home cooking filet mignon
salmon poke bowl. Healthy living is tasty af
Air Fryer, Ham Croquettes
Mahi Mahi Recipe
Natural Oysters with lime caviar.
Vegan Peanut Butter Cookies
Smoked Pork Belly
“Khinkali” Georgian style dumplings with ground beef and pork
curry rice and tonkatsu with Costco spicy asian salad
""My dads breakfast
Oreo cheesecake for my fiancé’s birthday earlier this year :)
Wild Boar with Leek and Mushroom Pasta
Margherita Pizza from Famosos
Spicy Individual Welling Fillets w/ Honey Ginger Broccoli
Smoothie bowls
Rent Due Stew
Demand for food dipping slightly due to stimulus checks - The Republic
Corned beef sandwich with coleslaw, Swiss, and Russian dressing on marble rye
osechi.
Beef with Broccoli
smoked salmon sour cream and dill pizza
Pancakes with hot green tea
Meatloaf with Potatoes and Peas
Supper Club Roasted Chicken Wedge Salad Shrimp Cocktail Bacon Wrapped Water Chestnuts Rosemary Potatoes Pickle Tray Old Fashion Cocktail
karai tokusei tsukemen
Picanha
Pineapple Delight
Tandoori Chicken - Oven &amp; Pan (2 different recipes)
flour tortillas, turkey chorizo con papas and fried egg with salsa verde
Scrambled eggs with ton of cheese in a hollowed out ciabatta with cocktail hotdogs
thick-noodle chicken soy ramen
Chuck Roast Poutine
Spanakorizo
Chocolate cake with lemon cookies
scrambled eggs with hot sauce, hash browns and turkey bacon.
Chicken thigh with roasted pear, honeynut squash, and a bean and red pepper purée
Feeding my soul with soup ✌🏼
Loco Moco!
Tried making Neapolitan style margarita pizza this weekend.
Honey garlic salmon with seasoned asparagus and potatoes I made the other day
Creamy Tuscan Chicken
Greek salad with toasted pita
Roasted vegetable soup
Smoked Turkey
these perfect pepperonis.
Cast Iron Skillet Pizza with Mozzarella, Cheddar, Herbs and Tomato Sauce
Espasol Rice Cake
I ate a Double Cheese Burger
my take on Thomas Keller's "Avocado Louie"
Hamburger soup.
Basque burnt cheesecake
Asparagus stuffed chicken w/lemon butter
Smoked pork ribs
Lobster Roll
Scrambled Eggs w/ Mochaccino
Extra Chewy Cookies with Chocolate and Walnuts
Lava cake with ice cream and berries
Linguine Bolognese
17 hour smoked brisket
Indian street food style Chowmein | Lunar New Year Special
Diet Food:  Pasta soup and toasted buttered bread. Tasted like crap tho 😂
doughnuts
Tried a meal outside my comfort zone tonight.
Maple Apple Tart
A healthy guide to eating ""
Kale salad with roasted butternut squash, dried cranberries, goat cheese, pistachio, and a roasted garlic dressing
Turkish style stuffed Zucchini. So damned good. Had it with a bowl of Greek yogurt and crusty bread. Happy boy.
Ginger beef stir fry noodles
Sacher cake, mohr im hemd, pa na cota, raspberry parfait and ice cream pancakes
My perfectly oven roasted Thanksgiving turkey
Misozuke vegetables(turnip, mini cucumber, carrot, and okra). Served with blue and goats cheese, spicy Genoa salami, and croissant.
Ramen with Caramelized Soy Chicken
Gouda stuffed juicy Lucy
chicken pie
Cranberry curd tart with almond flour crust and homemade marshmallows
fun board me and my bf put together for christmas!
Henna-Inspired Marzipan Covered Wedding Cake
Korean spicy cold noodles with spiralized green apple and crispy seaweed flakes, grilled pork over shredded scallion; pickled garlic leaves, sesame leaves, and dandelion
Corned Beef Hash Sandwich
eggs with cheesey meatballs and gravy
Nigiri and Sashimi
Cheese Capeletti
Three-tier red velvet cake.
Marshmallows
Pesto Cream Sauce with Grilled Chicken
Steak Fajitas with guacamole and salsa verde
Greek style feta tart with veggies
matzo with cream cheese and currant jam
4am sandwich
Reverse sear - ribeye
Mid cab roast: mirepoix with rosemary. Finished with black truffle oil.
Different types of pizza sauces
beef cheek stew
Lamb burger and Mac &amp; Cheese
got inspired by the movie ratatouille!
Mushroom and bok choy noodle soup
Pulled Chicken Sandwich w Caesar Salad
Pan-Seared Pork Chops with Gravy
Salmon with spaghetti duo and Parmesan.
Bolognese &amp; Garlic Bread
My Frittata :) Feta and eggs are amazinggggg together
Dutch Baby!
Buffllo Wings and Potato Cheese Balls
Vegetable Lo Mein
Tenderloin steak, lobster tail, bacon wrapped asparagus, mashed potatoes
Korean BBQ breakfast tacos.
Galaxy Soup Kluna Tik eating THE WHOLE PLANETS in real life Cooking AS...
Pizza napoletana with mozzarella di bufala campana DOP.
Apple nachos
Vegetarian Thai Red Curry
Shrimp Pad Thai
an Arnold Palmer
Prinsesstarta with marzipan rose
Chili Verde Enchelades
Bacon, fried smoked pork, egg and cheese on a salted bagel
Thai beef salad.
Filet Mignon over Wild Mushroom Polenta topped w/ Garlic Herb Butter.
Repurposed thanksgiving smoked turkey quesadilla
Bone-in chop, saffron rice, mashed Yukon Gold potatoes, and southern style kale greens
Japanese Karaage Fried Chicken with blistered shishito peppers and Japanese mayo
Latkes with Smoked Salmon, Capers &amp; Sour Cream
Dim Sum for the New Year: short rib potstickers, pork soup dumplings, beef bulgogi and quick pickle bao buns; veggie spring rolls
Gingerbread cookies
Beef Boeuf Salad
Beet Gnocchi with butter sage, parsley and mint pesto, sunflower sprouts and parmigiano reggiano
Toast with scrambled eggs, spring onion, avocado, prosciutto, cherry tomatoes, and cucumbers
chocolate mousse cake
snack board
Spicy Chicken Tortillas
Pork and prawn potstickers
Mac and Cheese
Eggs from my chickens and  colored sourdough bread.
Nice! A real website dishing out free Fortnite V-Bucks
a little NY strip on the stove for some chimichurri sandwhiches
Chico’s tacos. An El Paso Tx staple you either love or hate... rolled tacos swimming in a spicy tomato broth with a bunch of cheese on top with a side of green chile salsa to dump on top. Whole meal probably costs about $6.
Shakshuka
Smoky roasted pepper and quorn lasagna.
Salami and mozzarella pizza.
Blueberry Pancakes with Lemon Whipped Cream
I made my best batch of bagels yet.
Mac &amp; Cheese
after I said why chocolate. again this year
Steak and Eggs
Simplistic Beauty
Bubble and Squeak
smoked prime rib
Testing pretzel recipe
Toddler Hamburger
French onion soup bread bowl
Light cheesecake
Polenta au poulet
Buttermilk Cheddar Biscuits
Organic Vegetables just plucked from our home terrace Garden. It is fresh, healthy and very safe to eat.
Baked doughnuts
Baked Ziti
Jim Beam barbeque sauce. Recipe in comments for anyone interested.
pork, chicken, and shrimp egg rolls. +leek, garlic, cabbage, red pepper
Pan-fried Salmon with Roasted Potatoes and Broccoli
Gnocchi and Alfredo sauce
ButterMilk Fried Chicken Sandwich
Shepard's pie with cheddar cheese bubbles on top.
Strawberry and cream layer cake
Apple Cider Yeast Doughnuts with Cinnamon Sugar
Lamb Kofta Curry
Leche Flan Donut | Leche Flan Doughnut
French toast w/strawberries and cream
Last of the Peppers 2020
Mozzarella cheese sticks
NY Strip w chimichurri, parm crusted eggplant fries, lemon lime vinaigrette parm arugula salad
RAMEEEEEEN
Leek Tart
Passionfruit and Ruby Chocolate Bonbons and the Full Valentine’s Gift-box
Spicy noodles, Cashews, Mushrooms, Fried rice with Chickens
Steak topped w/cracked pepper gournay Cheese and cheesy cracked pepper gournay mashed potatoes.
Smash Cake
Ricotta cake recipe, quick , easy and really tasty
Neapolitan birthday cake
Prime Rib Roast, Inaugural Attempt.
Roasted Whole Chicken
purify mustard oil by Noor
Skillet Feast: Loaded home fries (sautéd onions and mushrooms, scallions, cheese, salsa) smoked bacon, maple sausage, rosemary toast, fried egg, OJ and coffee.
Chocolate fudge celebration cake with chocolate buttercream frosting
10 hour smoked beef short ribs!
Pepperoni &amp; veggies pizza:))
Honey and spice rib with salad
Veggie meatball and chickpea traybake
Blended peach and nectarine jasmine green tea with cheese foam cap
Marzipanstollen
Coffee &amp; Chocolate Chip Ice Cream with Leftover Cookie
Sen. Manchin opposes Neera Tanden as Biden's budget chief, imperiling nomination - NBC News
Dinner with Mac and cheese, potatoes, broccoli casserole, and turkey drumsticks
Beef Cheeks with Roasted Vegetables
Made roasted veggies, rice and some Beyond Meat sausage!
Lobster Roll and fries
Homemade Fettuccine Bolognese
Shredded Mango Pickle
Bell pepper, cucumber, salmon sushi
shawarma chicken and dill yogurt sauce wrapped in buttery, warm naan.
Huaraches, tamales, rice and beans.
Momofuku bo ssam with pork belly mac n cheese and green beans
Steak, Brown Rice, and Broccoli...
Smoker Mac and cheese!
Cranberry Vanilla Mini-Loaves
Victoria sponge cake with strawberry and rose water jam and candies strawberries
Guiness Beef Stew with Cheddar Herb Dumplings
Veggie Lovers Pizza!! Welcome 2021
a chicken/avocado/curry/lettuce sandwich in a French coal bread
shakshouka
Old fashioned baked donuts
Sichuan Pepper Chicken Wings
buttermilk brined roast chicken
Beetroot Cured Salmon
Chickpeas and squid
ahi tuna poke bowl
Tried my hand at chicken pot pie on a rainy day
Bacalhau com batatas.
Mussels &amp; Thai Red Curry Sauce
Hot chicken sandwich with Old Bay kettle chips
a buttermilk garlic biscuit, with over medium egg, hash browns, applewood smoked bacon, topped with hollandaise from SE7EN BITES, Orlando FL
Use of AstraZeneca's coronavirus vaccine suspended in Denmark, Norway, Iceland | NewsBytes - NewsBytes
Fried chicken with mashed potatoes, corn, and honey biscuits.
American Hot Pizza 🍕🌶
Pan seared NY strip w/ some roasted potatoes, carrots, and onions
French Garbure
Just some  sushi rolls
Seafood noodle. noodles are made from fish paste.
Red Cabbage Soup
Fudge Chip Cookie
Lemon Cheesecake Cannoli made with Ricotta
Goulasch with Knödels
Birthday Cake
Cheese pasta with ham
Bourekas! Puff pastry dough with a cheese and potato filling
Brazilian pork stew with corn dumplings
Corned Beef with Cabbage
Nghêu hấp xả dừa. (Coconut lemongrass broth clams.)
Gnocchi al Pesto e Funghi
Idli Vada Sambhar
tagliatelle with a white-wine-lemon-sauce, parsley and black tiger shrimp.
roast beef and Swiss on an authentic French baguette.
gingerbread men! premier attempt
Full English
Pork ribs in cherry BBQ sauce
Russian honey cake
Rosemary Garlic Focaccia bread🥳😋

Indian Green Curry Beef Tacos with Curried Lime Creama, Pickled Shallots, Avocado, Feta and Cilantro
Chicken Tikka Masala w/ Garlic Roti
Conecuh smoked sausage dogs
Baked lamb shoulder with garlic, tomatoes, prunes and spices
Soup Taco aka Birria Taco w/ Consome.
Steak, Indian spiced grilled chicken breast, Garlicy Mashed Potatoes. East meets west
Fried Oreos!
Chocolate chip Cannoli
Mantou
Blackened Tilapia tacos, avocado cilantro lime cream sauce, red cabbage, and pico.
ramen with bone broth
Supreme pizza
Fish fingers and mushy peas on sourdough with mustard mayo &amp; tomato sauce
Banana pancakes
Skillet cookie
Baked Beans &amp; Wieners with a Fried Egg
Honey &amp; Soy Shredded Chicken
Bulgogi Beef with Leeks
Finally made a successful Spanish tortilla
Grilled Turkey And Aged Chedder
sautéed portobellos over grits with crispy prosciutto and aged Parmesan.
new roast recipe
General Tsos Chicken
Chocolate Caramel Cake
Buttercream birthday cakes
Croissant French Toast Bake
Red wine braised short rib with mushrooms on mashed potatoes &amp; chives
Special Chaufa
(banana bread) (homemade)
I made butternut squash gnocchi !
На гриле МОРСКОЙ МОНСТР ОСЬМИНО - Crazy Cooking ACMP cтоп моушен/Мукбанг
Bean and Cheese Empanadas and Fried Plátanos
Mushrooms with curry, lime and onion
Spicey Noodles
Buttercream Art: Rogue from X-Men!
Chicken Korma and Garlic Naan
Chili Con Carne With Fussili
Chocolate Cream Pie!
Seared Driver Scallops, Brown Butter &amp; Lemon Risotto, Fresh Herbs
Chicken Piccata served with Spaghetti cacio e pepe
Novavax COVID-19 vaccine is 89.3 percent effective, but less so against variants, shows UK trial - Firstpost
Schezwan Noodles
Braided pastry with apricot/cream cheese and nutella/cream cheese filling
bulgogi bibimbap!
Malar Achcharu
Roasted Chicken Quarters
Hotdogs &amp; Fries. Using Red Tuscan Sausages and Caramalised Shallots and Bacon
crab rolls 🦀
Fried River Crab in the beautiful rice farm with the little cute dogs.
I made  Mac n cheese
Slow cooked pork with Thai noodles.
The leanest cut of prosciutto I’ve ever bought.
Mini Ciabatta loaf
Stir Fried Mongolian Beef
smashed double cheeseburger with ketchup
Cheese and Charcuterie board
A Noodle Dish
Crockpot Chicken and Sausage Jambalaya from Scotland!
Steak and Swiss served w Tomato soup
Vegetarian Keto Bowl
menudo.
Bacon Cheeseburger with fries
Oklahoma Fried Onion Burger with Homemade Oven Fries
dinner
Grilled chicken fillet in honey and rosemary sauce
Fried Oyster Mushroom Tacos
Sausage roll.
Flamin’ Hot Rolls
Easy breakfast - airfried eggs and asparagus wrapped in bacon
Perfectly Cooked Pizza
Neopolitan-style Margherita
Swirled Garlic Basil Rosemary Bread
Spicy Stir-Fried Beef Rice Noodles
Cinnamon buns!
strawberry cake
Beef tips... these are going to taste great!
I made salisbury steak
full size pepperoni pizza bagels
Beef Tacos made the other night 🤤
Plain and everything bagels
my attempt at classic French macarons with a French buttercream filling
Let's check some Weird but tasty foods
Airfried Salsa Queso Cheddar Bacon Egg Wrap w/ Greek Yogurt for dip
First attempt at making cast iron pizza! Topped with mozzarella, calabrese sausage, onion, jalapeño, and honey
Watermelon with cool whip, easiest dessert ever and perfect after a day of heavy eating all the Thanksgiving food
Double Swiss Burger
Yellow Chicken Curry
potato sticks
hand made Bread
Shashuka
Cuban inspired pork loin
Batchoy a noodle soup made with pork offal, crushed pork cracklings, chicken stock, beef loin and round noodles.
Braised short-ribs and butternut squash soup
Big Nut Bread
Christmas loaf with cranberries, pecan and pistachio &amp; almond filling
caramel, peanut butter, and chocolate apple nachos with dip
Pan Seared Black Pepper Halibut with Lemon Cilantro Couscous
Crunchy Cauliflower Bites &amp; Tikka Masala Dip
These appetizers keep the meal apart
Italian beef
Smoked and braised beef cheek.
Carne Asada Quesadilla
Thai Beef Satay with Peanut Sauce
I made Pozole
Nachos at Lola Rosa, Montreal, QC
medium rare oven roasted prime rib
Easy Sugar and Spice Pumpkin Tart
My uncle got a notification that someone was ringing his doorbell. This was the culprit.
Korean Steamed Egg
Garlic Parmesan Wings with 30mg Dose of Cannabutter
wagyu ribeye, truffle Mac and cheese c and mashed potatoes.
Avocado toast for the W!
Spaghetti and Meatballs with Fresh Tomato sauce
My homemade cheese 😁 Tasty
Chinese Milk Bread ☁️

Prime rib baguette with caramelised onions, red wine jus and English mustard
Abamber cookies and Rozata
Potato Finger Chips
Fresh Ceviche
Christmas tourtière with cranberry ketchup
Double decker smashed cheeseburgers with sweet vermouth caramelised onions, homemade burger sauce and brioche buns.
BLAT on fresh Sourdough bread.
Hanger Steak with Pan Sauce + potato puree
Simple Bacon Cheeseburger
Yakisoba with Pickles!
chicken ramen
Quick Shepherds Pie
Bourbon Balls
NY Style Cheese Pizza w/ Aged Dough
Carrot pie with raisins and pecan.
Cream cheese veggie sourdough toast
spaghetti meatballs
oven roasted duck breasts with home made red wine sauce and plum chutney
Pandan Gula Melaka Cake
Turmeric cabbage with steamed potatoes in a cheese wrap.
chicken and waffles
Baked Ziti
Chicken abs garlic dumplings
Enhanced Instant Noodles
Just a winter snack
Roasted chicken, stuffed with parsnips, apple and soft plums
My Pi day pie (apple)
taco bell crunch wrap
smoked beef short ribs
kokoreç &amp; turkish street food
Homemade green tea mochi nuggets with vanilla ice cream on a bed of chocolate ganache
how to make 3 tier chocolate cake design decorating | amazing 3 step cho...
Baklava with homemade orange blossom syrup and walnuts. Merry Christmas!
spaghetti &amp; meatballs with meat sauce
Chocolate covered Flapjacks
Mechado
Pizza and stuffed cheesy bread
Biscuit Sausage Egg and Cheese
Honey Sweet Rolls
creamy tomato soup
Stir Fry Shrimps
Bison tenderloin with roasted broccoli and homemade mac and cheese.
My 3yo old and I made pizza together,  sauce and dough, extra cheese, with pepperoni...
Chicken and chickpea tikka masala with quinoa
Perfect  Sous vide London broil. I'm hooked.
Chicken Wrap
Delicata Squash, Caramelized Onion, Date, &amp; Jalapeño Pizza
Broccoli Cheddar Quiche (grew the broccoli and raised the eggs)
Banana Nuts Cake
Campingmates Cooking: THE BEST ONE POT CHICKEN RICE (Gluten-free)
Beef Stroganoff
Chicken, toum, hummus, tomato, and pickled radish sandwiches
Drunken Noodles
Garlic Buffalo Wings
Slow roasted spare rib, Spiceology rub, broiled to crisp up with apple cider and apple to keep juicy. Melt in your mouth pork.
: Brussel sprouts roasted with honey, soy sauce, and garlic. Crisp pan fried gnocchi with browned butter. Pickled shallots. Lebneh + za’atar. Lemon
familiar looking cake, feel welcome to have a slice, its for you.
Swiss bacon Smashburgers
How to Cook  Quinoa | Prepare Perfect Fluffy Quinoa
Salmon with coconut curry, chickpeas and spinach
Rainbow trout
Lemon Blueberry Poppy cake
Five-Spice Pumpkin Tart with Candied Pumpkin Seeds
This amazing waffle
Shrimp and broccoli alfredo
Diabetes is also known to double the chances of getting a stroke. While diabetes increases the likelihood of having a heart attack by four times .https://cutt.ly/DiabetesFreedomnew
finished finals :3, to celebrate I made chicken katsu sandwich with a spicy coleslaw and tonkatsu sauce
Fried Tofu
Wedge salad with blue cheese dressing and crumbled bacon, tomato, &amp; red onion. So good, and so healthy :)
Medisterpølse, bacon and caramelized potatoes with dijon mustard. Merry Christmas!
Beginners Apple Pie
Kimchi Tofu stew with sticky rice
pasta with pineapple chicken curry
Sushi and Sashimi Combo
Ramen for two
Pocket Cheese Steak
Mussels in tomato sauce
pizza with capocollo, mozzarella, fennel pesto, and spicy honey.
Chinese Restaurant style Mongolian Beef
Vanilla flan with croissant dough crust.
Steak &amp; chips with portobello mushrooms and sautéed vegetables
Mackerel
Chicken Kiev with wild garlic butter, new Jersey potatoes, steamed asparagus and tenderstem broccoli.
fried chicken burgers with homemade mayo
RICE AND EGG SAUSE
Smoked Ribs
Soup dumplings for lunch
pizza topped with salami, olives and buffalo mozzarella
Japanese chirashi sushi rice topped with shredded sea weeds and raw fish ( tuna , salmon , octopus , prawn , yellow tail and omelette)
Hot chocolate hearts..!!
NY Strip, Swordfish Steak and sides for my solo Thanksgiving.
Steak and Ale Pie
Neapolitan Pepperoni Pizza
Seabass Ceviche, Grapefruit, Lemon &amp; Dill
Open-faced smoked salmon breakfast sandwich w/ fried egg, on buttered sourdough
Birthday Layer Cake
steamed pork buns
Reverse seared filet with creamy peppercorn mushrooms
Lamb Meatballs With Mint Pesto and Greek Yogurt
Grilled chicken burrito
Spaghetti with root vegetable sauce and oven baked salmon
Tagliatelle ragu I slow cooked for 4 hours last night
Hey guys! Check out these AWESOME burgers I made at home, but INDIAN STREET FOOD STYLE! I have a youtube channel too (tinyurl.com/indiancookingchannel), please considering subbing! THANKS!
Alton Brown's Yorkshire pudding
Sushi with the family on NYE
Elon Musk Sued By Tesla Investor For "Erratic" Tweets - NDTV
Smoked chicken and carrot/celery/bell pepper slaw
Barbeque Nation Video Review – my vlog jaipur
butter poached filets
Braised beef shin with red wine gravy and potato fondant
bbq chicken fry with veggies
- Chicken Noodle Soup
pumpkin pancakes
Green Papaya Salad (Som Tum)
Bagels (Plain, Poppy Seed, Sesame Seed, and Everything)
Spicy Mapo Tofu
Mac and Cheese with stripes of Schnitzel
Diced chicken with caramelised veggies on a bed of tumeric infused rice
Harry Potter themed cupcakes
Ribeye steak sandwich!
Steak with Pilaf rice &amp; Salad
24hr Dry brine steak, seared in a cast iron skillet using left over bacon fat.
scalloped potatoes with extra sharp cheddar, gruyere, and layers of sliced Virginia ham.
smoked, juicy brisket
Birria and cheese omelette
Canadian Christmas poutine
Puerto Rican Treats Indianapolis
Char siu manapua
Christmas Yule Log
carnitas tacos
Saturday dinner - roast!
Whiskey pork jello, with Beans, viennas, olives, eggs and cheeze-wow.
Orange Pecan Lace Cookies, Chocolate Crinkle Cookies, Lemon Poppyseed Cookies, and Sugar Cookies w/ Bourbon Glaze.
: parmentier of duck and mashed pumpkin
Tori Shoyu Ramen
Creamy Shrimp Linguini
Breaded turkey breast with gravy with sausage stuffed squash.
贺年咸油角，广式茶点咸水角//Deep Fried Dumplings //新手零失败！简单易做懒人版！告诉你最关键的油温和炸得完整不爆裂
smoked Gouda Mac and cheese with pulled pork and bacon bits.
Salt crusted fish
Wife’s first ever board, made for Thanksgiving
im”peach”ment pie
chocolate Bundt cake with Baileys and coffee.
pork and shrimp with cabbage. Gyoza.
Pain au chocolat
the pro orange stack
pumpkin pie
Chicken fajitas wraps
Choripan
Roasted Vegetable Salad
baked garlic potatoes
The Breakfast Burrito to end all burritos! The best I ever made. 🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤
Ginger garlic swordfish with mint couscous and pistachio lemon cupcakes
bacon wrapped meatloaf
i made honey glaze salmon, served with rice and sriracha sauce
coconut cream pie
Roast pork belly
Ray’s Pizza- Meatball/Cheese Calzone
Quiche with spinach,mushrooms, ricotta and parmesan
Hot chocolate with hickory-smoked, spiced marshmallow, malted milk caramel sauce, and hazelnut-infused whipped ganache.
Barriga de Cerdo - fried pork belly
Eggs Benedict and Arugula Salad
Swiss cheese + bacon + egg sandwiches
French potatoes
Slow Cooker Beef Ragu
Pork Ribs Spicy Adobo
"Apple Pie" Macarons
"iron" nougat (italian candy)
Slow smoked, herb-crusted prime rib
chicken sandwich sliders
WORLD'S GREATEST CHILI RECIPE and IT'S SO EASY TO MAKE
Classic All-Beef Cheeseburger
Red Beans and Rice with Andouille Sausage
Japanese style pancakes
Hot honey garlic boneless wings
Codfish in Sesame Coat with vegetables and Saffron Sauce
Vegetarian 🌱 Chao
Linguine Alfredo
Asian Steak
Meatloaf for dinner. Happy Halloween everyone!
Assorted Fried Dough
Red Velvet Chocolate Chip Cookies
Chicken wrapped in bacon and on mashed potatoes
Flaky rainbow mooncakes for the lunar festival
Pancakes with quickly made strawberry syrup
Sourdough!
Chicago-style Deep Dish Pepperoni Pizza
vanilla birthday cake with coconut whipped cream
House-Cured Bacon, Ham &amp; smoked Pork Sandwich with Slaw, Pickles, Homemade Bun
Red Fife Sour Dough Pastrami Sanwiches
smoked tenderloin
BLT with onions and avocado
Chicken Shawarma
Eggs benedict with smoked salmon
송편 Songpyeon - festival rice cakes with sesame and honey filling.
Gumbo Poutine
Vegetarian meatball sub with fries
steamed buns with kimchi
Mini burgers town
Trinity roux
Chicken Cutlet Sandwich
Pasta al Forno with Meatballs
Spinach, bacon, sausage, and cheese quiche
spaghetti alla chitarra
cast iron seared steak, mashed red potatoes, and spinach.
Baker's Croissants
Fettuccine with cream, parm, and saffron sauce
Scallion and Cheese Bread
Simple beef tacos
my Christmas breakfast. Biscuits (they’re in there somewhere) with thick bacon, scrambled eggs, sausage gravy topped with cheddar cheese and some Tabasco.
bread for thanksgiving dinner.
Chicken Alfredo
Cake Pops
Late night cast iron skillet dinner
North Indian Thali
Chilled watermelon topped with prosciutto, feta cheese, shredded mint, and honey balsamic glaze.
Grilled Cowboy Ribeye
Gochujang Shrimp Noodle
Pan seared Ribeye basted in butter
seared scallops and prawns with a burblanc (butter cream sauce) and fettuccine
Cheesy Lasagna!
cupcakes with salted Carmel icing and sprinkles
nduja &amp; olive pizza with eggplant sauce
Covid-19: Saudi Arabia suspends entry from 20 countries, including India - Times of India
Chicken ramen with added spice
Schnitzel Sandwich with sauerkraut, peach habanero jam on French toast bread, roasted baby potatoes, and fresh green beens
Shepherd’s Pie for dinner last night.
quiche
Daal Makhani
oysters Rockefeller
Just some charcoal chicken and corn
I know it isn’t that fancy but this was the best  breakfast sandwich!
grilled yellowtail collar caught spear fishing
Carlo’s Bakery Rainbow Cake
mini Buffalo chicken pizza. Too much crust but i was craving Buffalo wings and settled for this 😅
Chicken Katsu Sandwich
Grilled Chicken Drumsticks
Charcuterie Board
really pretty macaroons.
Bœuf Bourguignon
Hickory smoked pumpkin
Reverse Seared Tomahawk Smoked over Hickory Wood with a Smoked Onion Blossom
my man was in charge of dinner tonight.
Cheese Tarts
corn bread
Buffalo chicken pizza with slivered red onions and fresh green onions scattered on top
Beet Bruschetta
chicken fried steak, biscuits, mashed potatoes, green beans.
carbonara with what I have at home. No cheats.
Buffalo Chicken Wings!
Lobster Tail
Spicy Chicken Sandwiches!!
Seafood chowder in a baked bread bowl
Chilli Oil
Perfect Potatoes
Bok Choy with Shittake Mushrooms
spicy sriracha deviled eggs
frog legs!
Double chocolate cookie and homemade vanilla ice cream on chocolate soil w/ caramel-vanilla gel
Vegetable Juices Vegetables Secluded White Fresh
Cowboy style patty, lettuce and tomato on grease fried buns.
tuna noodle casserole!
A table full of Portuguese cheese! Who doesn't love cheese?
Salted caramel cupcakes topped with chopped walnuts.
Yule log fail
Rice with fruit and vegetarian meatballs
Mini Raspberry and Blackberry Pies
Pani Puri Pizza
Oven-broiled Salmon/Lemon dill sauce//air fryer broccoli///seasoned rice
Grandma pizza with breadcrumbs and mozzarella
Nutella Stuffed Brioche French Toast
Hearty Tender Beef Noodles
fall inspired macarons.
Birria, but make it a pizzadilla.
Chicago Dogs
tarte flambee and Margherita flatbreads
Chicken Quesadilla
NSE, BSE shut today on account of Mahashivratri - Moneycontrol.com
pineapple bourbon ham with cherry glaze
Pork gyro with a baklava (Glasgow)
Vegetable Soupish topped with Tofu, steamed Carrots Cauliflower mix and cilantro. See comment for directions and something of a recipe.
Chinese Doughnut Stick (Youtiao)
a delicious California burrito with crisp carne and tortilla, pico added and extra red salsa on side.
kid-decorated shortbread wreath.
clubsandwich
Chicken pot pie stew with salad, chocolate milk and a biscuit
Pan seared sous vide strip with Gorgonzola potatoes and roasted asparagus.
Pita Pockets
Finally made a dish I'm comfortable sharing. Julia Child's Boeuf Bourguignon 😌
fried chicken, coleslaw and fries!
New York Style Cheese Pizza
steamer clams and seasoned broth
Chicken Cordon Bleu Casserole, basmati rice, and steamed broccoli
sashimi platter
Cannelloni with spinach filling
Salted macarons: Black olives, ricotta and oregano
Chorizo and avocado burger with smoked Gouda and burger sauce
the man behind banoffee was unjustly banned from this subreddit. #justicefortomuu
Monto Cristo
Asian seafood medley.
Yuzu extract
London Broil with Cimmichurri
Korean Beef bulgogi and sticky rice
Western Mapo Tofu Recipe The easiest way to learn Break down into 55step “ ”。
Garlic Knots
Zesty Salmon Pinwheels
Cinnamon Scones with Cream Cheese Icing
Stuffed Mushrooms and Shanghai Lumpia, appetizers I made on Christmas Eve.
Spiced pumpkin and nuts pie
Took a day off the gym to make some fresh pasta. Made it into some cacio e pepe
Spicy Mozzarella Sticks
Spanish paella with Tunisian lamb merguez - copied the recipe from a restaurant
Pistachio butter with date syrup, nutmeg, and cardamom
Peppermint Cake for Christmas!
chocolate pecan cocoa nib florentines
Cheddar Jalapeno Biscuits
Shrimp &amp; Pineapple Fried Rice
Stuffed shell
Biang biang mian
Double smash burger with cheddar, tomato, crispy onions, and pork belly
Turkey &amp; Gravy, Mashed Potatoes and Stuffing
Ribeye with mushroom sauce, crouton salad with blue cheese dressing, jacket potato with butter and sour cream and boere wors
Tilapia Quesadillas
French Fries for my wife
Grinch theme cocoa bombs
a brunch burger + spicy tater tots
Don't hog the guac
Baby Shower Cake
Shrimp and veggie stir fry
Salmon w/ Brown Butter, Lime and Dill
Wraps with veg. cheese, onions, beans, curry hummus, paprika, creme fraîche, guacamole and spinach
Pizza Bites
a cheeseburger sub
Dessert Pizza! (Lemon Curd, Crème Fraîche, Basil, Powdered Sugar)
Quinoa Khichdi
Arancini di Riso (Italian Rice Balls) with Marinara
Chocolate and Raspberry Christmas-y Cake
Triple layer chocolate cake with raspberry frosting
Kids breakfast muffins with eggs, ham, cheese, and tomatoes.
Margherita
Grilled Ham, Bacon Melt Sandwich
Tomahawk Steak
Chipotle chicken with white rice
“Look Maggie, I’m walking, Maggie”
Hokkaido Milk bread
Salada De Melancia Com GLOBO OCULAR ASSUSTADORES No Halloween 2020 - Fun...
Chicken Francaise
NY strip (w/Bleu Cheese), Shrimp, Asparagus, Baked/Smashed Red Potatoes
teriyaki chicken with katsu sauce
Thai red curry chicken noodle soup! This is great 🍜
Double chicken cheeseburger
Peanut Butter Cups
Burrito!
Sweetpotato Curry with chapati
Fully loaded Chicago - style deep dish pizza pies
Spiced Orange Palmiers
delicious  guacamole :)
ribeye smothered in onions and baby bella mushrooms with mashed potatoes
meatball parm
Uramaki
Char Siu. Wasn’t glazed very well last night. Corrected that mistake with the leftovers. Basically Chinese burnt ends. It’s like candy.
Biryani. My college canteens veg Biryani
Wanna see some retards eat some peppers
Smokey sugar pumpkin stuffed with dried bread cubes, bacon, Gruyere Cheese, onion, garlic, apples, dried cranberries, spinach, rosemary and thyme
Sandwich for breakfast
Fried Parmesan Brussels Sprouts
Teriyaki Chicken with Hokkien Noodles
Black cocoa cake w/ salted caramel
Moroccan lamb over bulgur topped with ribboned courgette ☺️☺️
Fried Eggs on Hash Browns
Egyptian lentil soup
Fried chicken sandwich w/ honey sriracha glaze
Chocolate Cake With Pomegranates and Blackberries
BBQ Chicken, Herb and Garlic White Cheddar Potatoes, Carrots, Rice, Chopped Spinach.
One of the best sandwiches!
chocolate mousse cheesecake with chocolate ganache
Deep fried Milkfish
Stuffed chicken wrapped with bacon 🤤
Chipotle Chicken Cheesesteak
I made chicken and dumplings
Cinnamon, apple pancake stack
Cloud Eggs
BBQ Pork Bao Buns
Philly cheesesteak
I am so proud of the way this  steak turned out!
Simple yogurt and blueberrys!
My wife was in charge of getting our wedding rings engraved
Biscuits and Turkey Sausage Gravy and a Simple Cheese Omelette.
Key Lime Cake
Chili braised chicken quesadillas, avocado and salsa.
Butternut Squash Ravioli with white wine sauce
Delmonico steak with Garlic-Parsley Vinaigrette
salmon, grilled asparagus, truffle potatoes, white wine sauce
Tagliatelle con verduras
Cognac Coffee - Hennessy Coffee Cocktail
Lockdown Pizza. The top is a thick crust with sausage, bacon and mushroom. Lower is a thin crust with minced mutton and rosemary. Stay safe
Double Cheeseburger with caramelized onions and chunky burger sauce.
I tried
Instant Chicken Lasagna Recipe | Instant Lasagna | Meri Rasoi vLog | Liv...
Boba Noodles
Charcuterie Chalet
shrimp fried rice 🦐 and orange chicken 🍊 🍗
gingerbread biscuits
Vegan Stir-fry with cauliflower rice, onion, carrots, corn, peas, baby portobello mushrooms. The addition of Siracha Baked Tofu and Terriyaki Baked Tofu was a game changer.
According to Chinese Medicine, Persimmons and Diary are supposed to kill you. Well, I ate 3 and I'm still here 😂. Persimmon Tart with Maple Creme cheese filling.
Spicy BBQ Ribs w/ mashed potatoes and grilled summer salad
BBQ | Outdoor Barbecue | The Feel For Food
addicting
Black dots at the end of broccoli stem. Are these safe to eat, or should I trim?
Simple Butter Chicken
Steelhead trout pate.
My Fiancé is a Magician with Charcuterie boards!
Mini Oreo Cake!
Cake and cheescake in the same dessert
Okonomiyaki Pancake with Pineapple Soda
Relaxing Slime Compilation ASMR | Oddly Satisfying Slime ASMR Videos #40
A Great Vegan Eater Grilled Chilli Tofu Masala
Sunflower Seed and Raisin Breakfast Oats Porridge
Sheng jian bao
Chili with a baked Cornbread
French toast.
Napoli pasta and Parma
Classic Chicken Burger
Fried Chuck Roast with Soft Scrambled Eggs
Fish Fragrant Eggplant, smacked cucumber in garlicky sauce, stir fried cabbage with chiles, and steamed Choy sum with a sweet chili dipping sauce.
Crispy Baked Glutinous Rice Cake
Chicken Dynamite.
Date and summer berry loaf
Louisiana congressman-elect dies of Covid - POLITICO
prosciutto and salmi pizza with mozzarella and parmesan.
Sushi bowl!!
Sautéed eggplant, reverse seared steak, and goat cheese scalloped potatoes
Bacon, egg and cheddar cheese biscuit
Faux sushi
The best lobster tails
BLTJ on asiago ciabatta bread fried in bacon grease.
Turkey meatballs in romesco.
Valentines crumpets
BBQ Chicken, Baked Mac n' Cheese and Grilled Asparagus
seared scallops over garlic-lemon pasta
Kohlrabi Soup with Focaccia Garlic Bread
steel cut oat sourdough
Ravioli with burrata
Smoked Beef Plate Ribs, 250°/5.5hrs, over Hickory, Oak, and Cherry.
Fish and chips with rosemary salt
Captain Birdseye chicken nuggets.
Honey and Walnut Baklava!
Apple fritter croissant bread
RBI takes IDBI Bank out of PCA framework - Moneycontrol
Potato Soup with Beer Brats
Pastrami on Rye - NYC
Cauliflower Nuggets with dipping sauces. All from scatch.
Delicious empanadas with spicy peanut sauce!!
Yule log cake
Pumpkin, Cranberry and Pecan Baked Brie En Croûte for Halloween
Taco -
Teriyaki glazed salmon over brown rice
Anchovy Ceviche ""
Chicken Chaska Maska.&lt;3
Polish Kielbasa &amp; Ham in smokehouse
Turkey, Egg &amp; Cheese Breakfast Sandwich
A traditional Kenyan Ugali dish
Trump Tweets He Won't Attend Biden's Inauguration On January 20 - NDTV
Skillet chipotle sweet potato hash with fried eggs
Aloe Vera Ginagawang Juice Maraming Benepisyo sa Kalusugan l Noi Kwento
My smoked brisket
Matzoh ball soup and latkes with sour cream.
Zucchini lemon loaf
Everything Pastry Wrapped Franks
4 month old Sydney got her first big girl haircut. The look of betrayal she gave me on the ride home was brutal, but extremely cute.
Cucumber Ranch Dressing + salad + homemade crouton(bread) + homegrown alfalfa sprouts
Pan roasted duck breast with fondant potatoes, fine green beans, parsnip purée and plum sauce.
nsfw jelly donut
Southern bbq sandy!!
Chili Cheese Dogs
BrownieS
Mahshi (spiced beef stuffed eggplant cooked in tomato sauce)
Burger with egg and bacon
Hamburg Steak and Mashed Potato with Demi-glace Sauce
Biscuits, beans, and booze. A real mans New Years dinner
orange juiceヾ(✿ﾟ▽ﾟ)ノ
Simple  hot pot with ground beef/pork, beans, carrots and potatoes
Smoked Wings Mac &amp; Cheese Garden Tomatoes
Grilled octopus
Standing Holiday Prime Rib
Hamburger
Sage Laminated Pappardelle and Roasted Delicata Squash in a Garlic and Shallot Brown Butter
Rosette Cake
Cocoa Bombs
A5 Waygu “sashimi”
veggie burger 🍔
Regular Cookies!
Chocolate fridge
Battered tilapia
Carrot Cake with Dulce de Leche Cream Cheese Icing
Crispy Roast Chicken
Made pretzels for my breakfast! 😋
Cheese and cracker tray
bagel burger with pepper jack cheese, avocado, and honey mustard
Please rate the recipe "" "lemon chicken"
Mini Milk Bread
Fries covered in chopped pork chop &amp; onion w/ melted Mexican blend cheese
Brookie I made with my grandma
Chicken with lemon and dates
Pizza with Cupped Pepperonis
Sonoran Hot Dog
Vets can get food at Dublin VA - WALB
Profiteroles
Seafood Mac &amp; Cheese (Lobster Crab And Shrimp)
Rice with sautéed veal and cole slaw.
Jalapeño and cheese koloches.
Panko Scotch Eggs
Sugar cookies and Lemon poppyseed muffins with lemon frosting.
My fathers recreation of the cat litter birthday cake for my 28th
Toad in the hole
Baked ziti
Ploughman’s platter
Thai Green Curry with Chicken, Eggplant, and Roasted Bell Peppers
ginger chicken fried rice 🍚
Frosted and Sprinkles cutout Sugar Cookies with toddler help
Paneer Biryani Recipe | Veg Paneer Dum Biryani | Biryani Recipe | Restaurant Style
Chocolate cake with chocolate ganache and buttercream frosting
Free food from Walmart
veggie scramble and purple potatoes
Bacon &amp; Pepper Jack Burger with fries, a truffle aioli and paired with a spiced Ale
Sous Vide NY Strip topped with chimichurri and served with crispy potatoes and balsamic brussels sprouts
I have hit my apex with the Ranch dispenser.
Rogan Josh, palak paneer, and cinnamon-cardamom rice, and naan.
Anisette Cookie
My Christmas cookies.
I made the “new bacon-ings burger” from bobs burgers. Delicious.
Korean Kimchi Mung Bean Pancakes (Bindatteok)
Cheese Omelet Topped with crab and avocado and Toast
Filet and coconut shrimp surf N turf.
Brownies w/ Caramel bits(mixed in)
Korean black bean sauce noodles
Bitterballen
Valentine's Day edition Bao Burger with prawns and guacamole.
A dish from my childhood in Upstate NY. Chicken riggies! (Rigatoni pasta in a spicy vodka sauce with chicken)
Apple Pie
Meatball sandwich on toasted French bread with muenster and parmesan.
Beef Wellington, fondant potatoes , confit asparagus
pumpkin pie
grilled rotisserie chicken
Bacon and egg on toast with a splash of green habanero sauce
fresh home baked everything bagel made into an egg and cheese sandwich.
Warm cinnamon rolls
pizza: Homemade whipped ricotta, charred yellow pepper, murguez sausage, thyme.
Baha fish taco and Mahi Mahi taco with rice and beans
McRib
beer batter fish and fried zucchini
Fresh out of the oven sticky buns
Thai Burrito with chicken, rice, peanut sauce slaw and carrots
burgers and fries
biscoff caramel cake
breakfast crunchwrap
Almond flour gingerbread cookies
Pasta craze but with Cambozola cheese, kalamata olives and pepperoni. Dang! This is tasty!
A cheeseburger with smoked Gouda cheese, fried onions and chipotle aioli with fresh cut fries and sweet tea.
NY Strip and potato wedges topped with pimento cheese.
snowskin mooncake (black sesame edition)
(Homemade) Pulled Pork Pizza
Swedish Cinnamon Knots (Kanelbullar)
Portuguese Cod Fish with Potatoes
Chicken biscuit stew
Lion's Mane Mushroom Tacos
Irish coffee!
Prawn and miso ramen noodle soup
Chile fish with cumin sauce, and broccoli with garlic, cumin and lime.
Pan fried pork chop with brown sugar and nutmeg apple sauce, garlic mashed potatoes and roasted vegetables
Chicken Pot Pie With Caesar Salad
spent all day making the sauce and meatballs. Best pasta I've ever eaten
Sopapilla
calorie friendly amount of Oven Roasted Tofurky Luncheon Meats
Chicken burger with the lot.
sous vide ribeye with homemade smoked salt.
claypot noodles
Scrambled egg topped with salsa and avocado on whole grain toast.
a fresh Acai bowl
Sals
Spinach and Ricotta Ravioli
Big Ravioli with ricotta, truffle and mushrooms
Cheesecake with blueberry sauce
Wallpaper
Eggless Donuts
Spring rolls
Rack old lamb, creamy polenta and kale salad
Bagels - finally happy with them after dozens of attempts!
Midnight cast iron, Japanese-style chicken curry. No rice? Don't dismiss the power of spaghetti.
Spaghetti alla siracusana (anchovies and toasted bread crumbs)
Mixed Berry French Toast Bake
'Upgraded' Ramen w/homemade veggie stock and 'chashu' braised pork belly
Black Forest Cheesecake
Siberian Ex-Police Chief Convicted for Khinkali (Georgian Dumplings) Bribes.
Striped bass I caught yesterday in the Chesapeake. Sauteed simply in olive oil, salt, pepper, lemon, garlic, rosemary. Blistered some tomatoes alongside in the pan. Yum yum.
Roasted Cornish hens with potato! Juicier than it appears 🥴
Cookies with white chocolate and butterscotch flavored chips
Luxury Brand | Kluna Tik Eats Some GUCCI ITEMS For Dinner - Asmr Sound
margarita pizza
Homestyle Hash + Crystal hot sauce
Bacon Mac n Cheeseburger
Steam mussels and sourdough bread
Chicken teriyaki sub, with asian sesame salad, cucumbers, and garlic siracha lime aioli...im still drooling
Tasty &amp; Healthy Bhel puri 😍😍
Everything bagel with accoutrements
Newly-appointed Bulandshahr Congress chief removed after his video abusing Sonia Gandhi goes viral - Times Now
Venison Steak
Wild boar sausage breakfast scramble
BBQ Sweet Slaw Nachos
Top 10 Delicious Chinese Cuisine - FFT Experience
Detroit style pizza!
my Bestfriend made me this cake for my birthday! 💖
my attempt at a Spanish paella
Hướng dẫn cách phân biệt các loại nhựa tốt và xấu
I made fried eggs and cracked two doubles. I feel like the luckiest man on earth.
green chicken chili
Quarantined People Are Sharing Their Failed Baking
Guacamole Los Tacos No1 Style
grilled cheese: fresh sourdough (local bakery), pepper jack
I didn't know where to post this, but does anyone know if this pomegranate is rotten or not?
donuts!
Thai Basil Rolls
Miso glazed salmon and roasted garlic mashed potatoes.
Spicy Chicken Salad Lettuce Wrap
Cranberry orange shortbread
Chicken tikka pizza
Pan Pizza, red onion, mushrooms, green bell pepper.
Vanilla cake with vanilla buttercream
Smoked brisket ramen
Chicken Madeira
breakfast from yesterday morning.
Tonkotsu ramen with chashu
Berry Pie.
baked salmon, potatoes, and asparagus will dill hollandaise sauce.
Keto Icecream
Chinese Scallion Pancake (Cong You Bing)
Beef bourguignon over garlic mash (no mushrooms or pearl onions because I just don’t like ‘em)
Carnitas tacos, with roasted tomatillo salsa.
Caldo de res
Fish and triple-cooked chips
Pasta bake
Kluna Tik ăn món Spaghetti GHÊ SỢ NHẤT BẠN TỪNG BIẾT: Mỳ Ý Xương Rồng -...
Gochujang-glazed eggplant with fried scallions
sourdough discard pizza
Food  For A Healthy Life
Charcuterie Board for my 21st birthday!
birthday surf and turf
Chicken Parmigiana
Milktea
Beet carpaccio with spherified vegan "yolk".
Ribeye steak covered in onion and mushrooms with mashed potatoes and asparagus
Focaccia with rosemary
All Jerry wants is to be held and give neck nuzzles!
Pickled Serranos and Jalapeños
post-workout salad
Eyeball pie
Grilling veggie cuts made nice texture
Funnel cake pancakes with a strawberry purée.
lobster bisque!
Heart shaped cheesecakes
Durian
Ribeye with chipotle cream sauce and asparagus!
popcorn chicken!
an eggs benedict burger, pulled pork fries with cheese sauce and jalapeños and a triple cheese burger
Recreated some of my favorite Chipotle Items (chicken, corn salsa, cilantro lime rice)
Baked Brie
Jack Skellington pull-apart cake
Pumpkin Butter Babka
Porterhouse, asparagus, avocado and tomato salad.
Birthday Cake, Red Velvet, Cookies &amp; Cream and Fruity Pebbles Fried Oreos
Traditional England Bacon Pudding
Prime Rib and Yorkshire pudding.
Blue Jasmine Rice with Prawns in XO Sauce
Foods to spice up your diet days
swedish meatballs with mashed potato and gravy, all homemade.
Simply berry's pie
Beef Wellington Taco with creamed spinach, prosciutto, mushroom duxelles, and filet mignon
Cinnamon rolls
Chicken Cookie Sculpture
Sweet n Spicy’ Chicken burger a whole marinated Peri peri chicken breast right in the middle of Homemade slaw, sticky honey sesame Halloumi topped with Sweet chilli jam in a toasted brioche bun with seasoned fries. La Cucina Lounge Deli.
Lobster Pasta
Pear gorgonzola pizza
Ground beef fajitas
Oven-baked baby back ribs
Balsamic chicken, mashed potatoes and spicy fried peppers
Biscuit crust breakfast pizza.
Explore 19 Food Cultures Around the World by UNESCO | The Food Cultures
Classic risotto
Now, learn abacus via mobile app! - The Hans India
the best chocolate chip cookies I have ever had
Scrambled eggs on toast with rocket and goat cheese
Eggs Benedict with sauteed chanterelles!
Bulgogi beef nachos!
Pulled pork quesadilla
Buffalo Chicken Dip!
Ham &amp; pineapple pizza
- New York-Style Cheesecake!
Extra Creamy Classic Hummus
Brioche French toast, maple bacon, maple sausage, and scrambled eggs cooked with the bacon grease
Smoked Pork Chops! Heavy garlic rub really came through really well on these.
India's Economy Has Seen The Worst, Barring Another Covid Wave: RBI - NDTV
bread
Overview Of 10 Key Vegetables And Their Nutritional Value
Brunch pizza with ham, eggs, mozzarella cheese, tomatoes, pancetta and red bell pepper.
Shrimp, scallops, broccoli in a cream sauce over whole wheat penne.
Japanese fluffy pancakes with matcha butter &amp; hot syrup
Spaghettia Alla Buddy. If you know, you know
caneles!
apple and honey tart
Duck Breast with Corn Souffle
the famous Martin Berasategui garden salad on a tomato jelly base at Lasarte
Cherry jam crostata
French Toast Casserole
sweet Nut's roll's | ஸ்வீட் நட்ஸ் ரோல்
For my cake day I present seared scallops on carbonara
fried chicken sandwich
Shredded Chicken and Bean Nachos
- tuna tataki x cilantro lemon soy n chile de árbol sauce
Roasted Zucchini and tomatoes.
Zucchini ribbons!
Sloppy joe stuffed peppers and cajun fries
Double Cooked Pork Belly
Chicken macaroni sopas
Mango Curd Tart
The Height of Luxury
Beef stew!
Pumpkin Risotto with Sous Vide Filet Mignon
Apple galette
Peanut butter &amp; jelly sandwich, plus apple slices with a dash of cinnamon.
Mixed chicken and vegetables
An American Breakfast
Chinese Zodiac Dumplings
Sweet potato Poutine with fresh cheese curds and homemade gravy
Baker chicken breast with brown sugar and cayenne
Beef Wellington fo yo ass
Bolognese &amp; Mozzarella Cheese Pastry
Carrot Soup
trini style curry chicken and hot mango chow
Mini Cheesecakes with Chocolate Ganache frosting
Fried Pork Belly!
Carmalized banana pudding with cinnamon whip cream
tandoori paneer
Fairfax Sandwich
Caesar’s Salad.
Chicken and sausage jambalaya
Spare ribs!
My sissy making her famous  apple Christmas pie. All the yummies
peanut butter pie.
100 Shrimp In 10 Minutes!
Chocolate cheesecake with chocolate ganache. Happy New Year!
Swedish Cardamom Buns
Vanillekipferl (Austrian crescent biscuits
Chicken heart tacos. Delicious, cheap, and spooky (cause of the hearts).
Bacon, Chive, and Cheese Rolled Omelett with Catalina Sauce
Shrimp Sushi
Smoked Mad Dog 357 Chicken Wings
Making Japanese Pork Katsu Curry at home (simple recipe)
Cheesy Tuna Skillet Pizza
- Cracked Pepper Turkey on an Egg Everything with Smoked Gouda, fried shallots, lettuce, and mayo
Chrispy chilli beef with salt and chilli chips.
kale, mushroom, kalamata olive, red onion, mozzarella pizza
What’s wrong with this picture? My girls are have a special treat, for dinner, and I am having this! Well, at least I love fresh veggies!!!!! 🤷‍♂️🤷‍♂️🤷‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
Wagyu rump and rib fillet with vegetables
Arby's Sandwich and Sauce
Tarta de queso de Starbucks
grilled chicken, scalloped potatoes, and baked asparagus
Meat church hot chicken sandwiches for Sunday lunch!
Pozole rojo
Prosciutto, Arugula and Mascarpone cheese Pizza
Schnitzel with cucumber salad and braised red cabbage
Caprese Gnocchi Bake
Wholewheat n buckwheat batard
25% wheat bread
I see your donuts, and raise you a cup of chicken livers and a beer.
Lemon Cake with Mascarpone filling
Sweet Baked Apple
I commuted a hate crime agenst pancake lovers
Delicious Gluten Free Polenta
Banh Mi with Buttermilk Fried Chicken
pan fried sweet and sour vegetables (cherry tomatoes, pineapple, onion, bokchoy, brocollini, garlic, soy, honey and chilli)
Tuscan Benny - fried chicken eggs benedict
Thanksgiving leftover sandwich!
filet mignon roast over onion and mushroom sauce.
Salted pistachio shortbread cookies
As break begins, Duval County Public Schools gives food to students who depend on in-school meals - WJXT News4JAX
“” Panko breaded chicken Florentine with green beans and roasted truffle potatoes
Cheesy eggs and spicy home fries
a medium rare Ostrich Filet. 10/10 would recommend ostrich to anyone
Squash and Caramelized Onion Tart
Salmon with lemon butter cream sauce, and crisped skin
Saltines and hot sauce.
Club on a Sub
Nacho platter with minced beef, salsa, guacamole, cholula, sour cream, onions, mozzarella and cheddar cheese.
Frozen smores, duck confit, ginger cookie and spiked egg nog
Quick and Easy Puran Poli Recipe
Thai seafood salad
Brazilian Carrot Cake covered with Brazilian Brigadeiro Sauce
Steak with black pepper sauce
Baked Sushi
chef : 10 Easy And pro Delicious  Thanksgiving Side Dishes i ate
BBQ pork loin
Asian chicken legs &amp; fried rice.
Sauteed greenbeans with fried garlic
double cheeseburger w/ fries!
Late Night Calzone
Encontro receives $30,000 from Marcus Lemonis to provide meals to food insecure San Diegans - The San Diego Union-Tribune
Chả Giò (aka Vietnamese fried spring rolls)
Chocolate Buns.
roasted pear and ice cream with a homemade pecan toffee
Coconut Chicken with chili mango glaze, white rice, 'sparagus, and dragon fruit &amp; pomegranate fruit salad
Ready for the game!
Succulent Cake
Chicken nuggets.
Soft Reese's peanut butter cookies.
Glazed Apple Fritter Donuts
two American wagyu New York Strips
Tiramisu with cognac
Falafel and eggplant sandwich with tzatziki
Japanese A5
Spiced Toasted Pearl Couscous w/ Chicken Thighs and Chickpeas
Banana stuffed pancakes topped with roasted pistachios, almonds and drizzled with maple syrup
Tex Mex feast in Italy: charred salsa, guacamole, fried peppers and onion, mango pico de gallo, refried black beans, pickled red onion, chilli con carne, pulled chicken &amp; salad (plus tortillas &amp; tortilla chips) for surprise guests this evening.
Breakfast Cereal with Yogurt &amp; Strawberry + Skimmed Milk
Dry Pho for you
Porterhouse steak, lobster tail, asparagus, and roasted potatoes

“Who Hash” for Grinch movie night
seeded chicken shnitzel
Masoor Dal
fish, wedges, n salad
Pepperoni and mushroom alfredo deep-dish pizza
calamari sword
gyozo stuffed with garlic and ginger and a homemade dipping sauce
Galette
Mid Autumn Festival macarons with white lotus seed paste
Moroccan Sweet Potato Soup
Denver scramble over country potatoes and buttermilk biscuit
Milk bar pie
My go to quick meal
Khichdi Recipe | Khichadi ki Recipe spicy
EATING TOOTHPASTE for Dinner MONSTER MEAL ASMR eating soundsKluna Tik ...
Rosemary focaccia
PLEASE TRY THIS! Spicy nuggets from McD with Chick fila sauce ITS SO GOOD
french onion soup
Marinated Pork Steaks  My shot for Instagram
Lox Board
Steamcooked Roasted Green Chili Split Pea Soup with Bone in Ham
Chicken Pomegranate Freekeh Salad
A three tiered jammy dodger!
The McRib w/ ‘Sweet Heat’ BBQ Sauce
Fried eggs and black pudding on ciabatta with a hybrid Mornay sauce
Burrito
Sushi and Summer rolls
butter caramel cookie
Tiramisu Recipe
Bacon Wrapped Jalapeños Poppers
Chicken and Sweet Pepper Corn Tortilla Tacos with Avocado Crema and Cilantro. Served over a bed of rice and black beans with a jalapeño, lemon and basil sauce.
Egg fried rice
pastrami and corned beef on rye
The best coconut and chocolate raw vegan tart
Wings done at different levels
The Bacon Pizza - Touch of Parm/Peco, fresh mozza, mild provolone and bacon
Ice Cream Cookie Sandwiches
Goose, red cabbage, potato dumplings, roasted apples
Turkey Club!
Spooky skull shaped mushroom barley soup.
Valentine Recipes – Delicious Puddings for your sweetheart
Chashu pork ramen with ramen egg, bok choy, fried garlic chips and furikake.
spinach tomato pancakes
Churrasco w/chimichurri
Ecuadorean hallacas.
Campfire Pizza
apple pie moonshine.
pinda bravoe with TomTom.
Pizza with BBQ
Love Chinese dumplings!!
Brazilian cheese bread (Pão de queijo)
Strawberry chocolate meringue roulade
Country Skillet with Sausage Gravy.
Braised beef short rib with brussels sprout &amp; bacon salad over rice with a red wine sauce
Nashville Hot Chicken Sandwich
الشيش طاووق بكل اسرار المطاعم طري جدا مش هتستغني عن التتبيلة دي شيش طاووق دجاج وجمبري
"" How to make a spicy pizza?
cheese platter
Fish Biryani
Rendang with a curry egg, nasi goreng and pickled cucumber and onions
Air fried wings.
pepperoni pizza. Them cups
“Magnolia Bakery-esque” Cupcakes
the perfect cinnamon rolls
I made Breakfast
Grilled mahi-mahi tacos with lime curtido, chipotle crema, avocado, and papaya habanero hot sauce. Served with peri-peri rice and charo beans.
THAN TRE MILK TEA the hottest drink
Pear tart and 5 Million Dollar Dip
Pizza from the pizza oven
Thai Pepper Beef
Strawberry, Kiwi, and Mint “salsa” and Belgium Chocolate chips
Braised Short Ribs with Garlic Mashed Potatoes and Carrots
Honey, Maple syrup and English mootard smoked ham
My take on "Farm Style"
Kolach
lemon turmeric tea cake day cake
Pizza with anchovies!
Chili dog with aged white cheddar
Bruschetta topped Cornish hen, on a bed of brie spinach
finally made fluffy biscuits!
Miso soup
Banana Chili Hot Sauce
Mini Zebra Cakes Recipe for those of you who also can’t decide on having chocolate or vanilla ;)
Don’t work for BJP: Viral video shows spat between Akhilesh, ‘journalists’ - The Indian Express
Beef Brisket
Steak and Eggs on top of Potato hash
mini rainbow handrolls
sweet and Spicey cold Remilade
Chorizo Pizza
Cthulhu Challah
The "east nasty" - crispy fried chicken, cheddar and sausage gravy over a flakey biscuit
Pecan smoked St. Louis style ribs
Pozole
haluski
Bison Burger. Topped with horseraddish-cheddar/cheddar cheese. Arugula, tomato, cucumber, red onion, and dijon mustard. Side of mac and salad.
Create YouTube Channel app for Android on Appsgeyser
Dungeness Crab with Ghee and Baguette
Roasted Cornish hen with potato, not the prettiest photo
Reverse seared steak! New Years Day dinner :)
burgers and shakes
🤯🤯🤣 Insane Food Trends
Cake Day Blueberry Pancakes w/ Sausage
Fried chicken with mac and cheese and coleslaw
Guacamole
I made and ate shepherd's pie last night
sauteed chicken with vegetables.
Beef Plate Ribs Smoked Over Post Oak
feast
Danish with cream cheese and homemade strawberry jam
50% wholewheat garganelli
https://ift.tt/35TYmZs
Hot Wing Flavored Chicken Legs
Bison Sirloin Steak
corn beef hash with egg in the hole
Wagyu NY Strip, Garlic-Parm Broccolini, Rosemary-shallot potatoes, Austrian Riesling
Irish pot roast with scallion mash
Sweet potato and chickpea curry w/ cilantro, Thai basil and garlic naan
Bangers n' Mash Onions and Gravy with brown sauce. Nuff said!
New Orleans Style Beignets
Roastbeef Steak
Zucchini Fries, Spam Fries, and Cheese Pakora
“” Breakfast McRib sandwich with folded Egg, BBQ Onions on a Toasted Buttered Bun
Fried Apple Bites
Moose meat balls
Slow roasted ribeye roast!
High-Hat Cupcakes
Bengali-style Devilled Eggs
Chickpea stew on quinoa with toasted pinenuts
Nothing better than homemade burger &amp; fries!
Restaurant Style Grilled Fish ""
Poaching chicken in rich chicken stock
- Sourdough Pizza
Back at it again with the burgers at 13 degrees outside. Roquefort cheese, fresh avacado, grilled onions, and grilled jalapenos. Garlic butter on the buns, buttered garlic on the meat.
Waygu strip steak, twice baked potato, oat roll and Lagavulin 16
Bacon wrapped chicken breast, stuffed with spinach, cream cheese, Parm and mozzarella.
Miso marinated Chilean Sea Bass
Sushi Burrito
Sonic
Paneer and Gobi 65 Korma Wrap
Bao bun with pork belly topped with pickled vegetables and cilantro
Crisp Skin Salmon
60% Cacao Chocolate Brownie with nuts
I am cooking Lechon Kawali
Seared duck breast with an orange juice reduction sauce and a arugula and pickled beet salad.
Lady made rice cooker pancake, cake, this morning. It was uber delicious. OC
Basted Carrot Rose on Sautéed Spinach, Over Medium Eggs, Bacon breakfast
Chilli con Carne
Lemon Poppy Seed Loaf with Cream Cheese Glaze
Tired of Turkey for Thanksgiving. Switched it up this year to  Beef Wellington.
Green tea Mille cake from Lady M
Grilled cheese with tomato soup
Pepperoni &amp; jalapeño pizza. Cooked in a home oven on a 1/4” steel plate.
Beef Chow Mein
Chana Masala
Creamy parmesan-mushroom soup in a baked sourdough bowl
Venison Meatballs
Is the Thanksgiving turkey supposed to be purple?
Waffled chutney toast with chopped chilipepper
shrimp and geoduck ceviche
Apple Spice Cake + Brandied Apple Filling + Salted Caramel Corn + Chewy Caramel Apple
Hard lessons about Stuffed Mushrooms
Baby Yoda Pancake
pretzel bread
Swedish Banana Pizza
Taco salad
Pizza sauce
all inspired asian cooking with rice cake
French Fries in Korean (Galbi) sauce -
Ricotta and spinach ravioli with Parmesan cream sauce
Cinnamon Flower Rolls 🌺
Hummingbird cake
Margherita pizza
Beef ribs and fajitas from previous post - cooked in smoker and left in oven to keep warm.
Artichoke, Onion &amp; Spinach Quiche with Sun-dried Tomatoes &amp; Hot Sauce. Crispy Hash Browns with Avocado &amp; Marinated Mushrooms.
Spanish paella
Pepperoni Rolls
Classic French Toast
VIETNAMESE MARINADED PORK CHOPS OVER HOUSE FRIED RICE AND EGG
Venison Tenderloin..””served with potatoes seared in roasted peanut oil and fresh chopped garlic. A wonderful Red Blend from Lodi, California washed it all down quite well.
Grilled Chicken and Grillee Asparagus
Cheese and Cracker Board for a small birthday celebration
Prosciutto and Grilled Onion Angus Burger
Miso Pork Ramen
Quesadilla with chorizo
No bake York Peppermint Patty Dessert Bites

Asian Marinated Grilled Chicken
Snapple pie with vanilla bean ice cream
- Blended oatmeal chocolate chip cookies
Chana masala and naan
These are ChocoMallows -rich dark chocolate filled with vegan marshmallows . #chocomallows #chocolate #marshmallow #chocolate #villenour
Calcecello (Lime), Limoncello (Lemon) and Arancello (Orange)
crunchy &amp; soft Piazza with cornicione, stracciatella and alici
Indian Style Spicy Chicken
chasu salmon ramen with cabbage colored noodles and miso coconut broth, toppings in comments
Karaage Don
Caprese Pizza with a Bay Leaf Garnish.
quick dinner
schmeat
sweet potato &amp; caramelized onion tart
All black buttercream cake for halloween
Bone-in Prime Rib Roast
acarajé, a traditional food from Brazil. So good!!!
Blueberry Pancakes
Vegan Risotto with Champignons
A Delicious Mediterranean Grilled Dish
Mutton Kosha (Goat Meat Curry)
Steamed Maryland Crabs with Oldbay
Lilikoi juice.
milk bread!!
Italian Pizza
Granola with hazelnuts, dried apricots and cinnamon
some Indian sweets!
Fall Vegetable Hash
Sous-vide ribeye steak with pumpkin soup, mash, baby carrots and broccoli.
The ABCDE-LT. It stands for Avocado, Bacon, Cheese, Deviled Egg, Lettuce, and Tomato.
Someone shared their Garlic Swirl Rolls, inspired by that I am sharing mine!
Birria Tacos !
sourdough starter discard banana bread
Linguine with gently roasted garlic, herbs, and pecorino romano cheese
Brisket, Egg, and Cheese on Brioche
Pizza breads! Mozzarella spinach and sweet peppers on homemade pizza sauce...
Vegetable salad and prawns
Old Fashioned Pumpkin Pie
Noodles with shrimps
Relaxing Slime Compilation ASMR | Oddly Satisfying Slime ASMR Videos #29
Burger King Japan’s latest offering
bœuf bourguignon
Honey galzed chicken on Carrot &amp; Pumpkin Couscous
Bacon and pepper pizza
Tonkotsu Shio Paitan Ramen
Miso Salmon over Sticky Rice
Pork and beef potstickers
Brisket Mac and Cheese
made a rib roast. Not prime, but tastes pretty amazing
Christmas truffles - snickers and rumballs
Salted caramel Cupcakes and homemade caramel
LOW CALORIES CAKE MADE IN ONLY 10 MINUTES
Half-sphere eggs
pierogi with cabbage/onion/mushrooms - boiled then fried, topped with fried onions
BBQ Pulled Pork Sandwhich, Baked Beans, and Salad
Breakfast by the Nile River, Egypt
Dutch Baby Topped with Strawberries Flamebéed in Dark Spiced Rum
Pan-seared Ahi Tuna Steak with a honey soy sauce marinade
Cranberry-pomegranate mousse pie
Skordalia-ish
24 hour smoked brisket, homemade BBQ sauce, Gouda, gruyere, provolone, cheddar, cream cheese, bread crumb topped mac and cheese!
https://ift.tt/2YrQsCo
Orange Loaf - simple but effective!
Steak Tacos with pico, quick pickled onilns and cotija cheese.
Paella inspired Jambalya
pecan pie cheesecake
Rainy day  hamburger steak SMOTHERED in onions, mushrooms, and gravy made from the drippings....lasted all but 3 minutes
absolutely juicy orange upside down cake!
crunch wrap
Trial run for new pizza dough recipe
Bread Pudding with Bourbon sauce and whipped cream.
NY Strip Steak taco with roasted peppers, pepper jack cheese, and avocado.
science cake for my daughter's birthday party
spaghetti squash and meatballs
Grandma style pizza
Grilled cheese with blackberry jam, jalapeños, pepperjack and bacon
Bold Chex Mix
Tarragon Chicken with Curried Cauliflower and Chickpea Salad
Made  a charcuterie board that feeds 10 people for 4 people
ASMR-Chocalate Cupcakes Recipe Easy (2021) ❤️ No talking
Indian style Chicken Curry and Fried Rice
Beef Welington
Vegetarian Dumplings
10” banana walnut cinnamon roll
Lobster was quite cheap a while back while communist occupied china was dicking with our live lobster exports...
Karaage with Honey, Gochujang &amp; lime sauce
Korean pumpkin pasta with spinach
pizza with lots of cheese and mimced meat
Potatoes Pavé
tried some chicken cordon bleu tonight. Turned out really good. The dijon parmesan sauce was delicious.
Pecan Rolls
fried chicken and waffles
Pandesal sliders
Potato gnocchi pancake, smoked bacon and raclette cheese
croissant
Fresh picked blackberry earl grey tea cake
Pumpkin Spice cinnamon rolls with pumpkin purée icing
Pastrami/cheddar melt with red onion and jalapeño on toasted sourdough.
Applie pie
Fried chicken burger on a brioche bun
Tantan ramen
steamed corn with salt and black pepper
BOMBOLONI filled With  Nutella
Raspberry linzer cookies
Reverse Seared 24oz Ribeye
Kaisen-Don in Japan. It was very yummy!
No Knead Bread
Black bean brownies with 100% dark chips for Valentine’s Day
I made Vietnamese cơm dĩa (“plates rice” directly translated)
Milanesa napolitana with fries
Infrared Boneless Buffalo Wings (because tenders were all I had)
Korean Seasoned Seaweed Side Dish (soooo good with rice)
dumplings
Parmesan and garlic chicken wings
buffalo wings!
Yes, L.A. Hospitals Were Packed With COVID-19 Patients, Contrary To Viral Video's Claims - Capital Public Radio News
https://ift.tt/2Y4SuID
“” Healthy And Crunchy Date Balls
Irish Whiskey Braised Lamb Shanks with Colcannon
Indian dishes on banana leaves
My mother and I hit 5 different markets today. I picked up so many tasty goodies!
Turkey noodle soup
Challah french toast with pumpkin pie spice, powdered sugar, &amp; syrup.
Tried my hand at  pizza dough. Turned out really tasty 😋
My Burata Spaghetti!
Mic dejun sanatos&amp;rapid,oua,busuioc si rosii uscate homemade
Potato and Leek soup with chicken and fresh baked bread
Pork Carnitas on Homemade Flour Tortillas
CREEKSTONE SHORT RIB slow braised beef short rib, scallion-cheese grits, adobo roasted mushrooms, charred poblano chimichurri, crispy fried shallots
California Omelette
Everything Soft Pretzels
Flank Steak Based In Garlic And Thyme Infused Butter
cinnamon swirl loaf
grilled shrimp tacos.
Chunky vegetable soup.
grilled peaches and cointreau whipped cream
Crab bisque with melted-Brie crostinis
Schnitzel with Fries and Cucumber salad
Cauliflower wings
Chocolate Chip Walnut Cookie
Pudding with Ladyfingers, lemon sauce on top.
A Double Chocolate Brownie Shake
Oysters Rockefeller for my annual Christmas party.
crab and vegetable fried rice n grilled ginger soy wild salmon cubes
Crispy Paneer Kebabs...Delicious.
a hearty breakfast - DIM SUM
Griddled aubergine and courgettes
short rib stew in manwich form
Russian piroshki for my birthday. Some have tvorog, walnut, and raisin filling. Other batch has cabbage and ground beef.
baked horchata cheese cake
pumpkin croquettes with sriracha mayo, avocado, kale, mushrooms and a poached egg.
Salmon &amp; Avocado Sushi
Greta Thunberg, WHO, Kremlin Critic Among Nobel Peace Prize Nominees - NDTV
Fillet with Compound Butter
Get Ivacy Vpn with 90%off, limited offer
Breakfast Sandwich
Beef and broccoli.
Pork Belly Pita
Sweet potato and kale tacos
Failed Cronuts
cast iron skillet steak (flat iron steak) made with rosemary, thyme, garlic, salt and pepper. With mashed potatoes and green beans.
Grilled Cheeseburger with garlic blue cheese sauce, lettuce, tomato, and blue corn chips. Yum!!
Smoked Salmon Open Face Sandwiches
Aged Ribeye, smashed potatoes, caramelized onions, balsamic mushrooms and roasted asparagus with parmesan.
Curry Udon with leftovers
CRISPY PARMESAN GARLIC CHICKEN WITH ZUCCHINI
How to make Samosa
Fried egg, sichuan chilli oil and coriander on toast.
Some Biscuits I made
Chicken thighs in a gravy, wine sauce
Japanese Cheesecake
Pasta &amp; Shrimps
Smoked Chicken Leg Quarters
Bacon wrapped stuffed chicken breast with garlic mash and asparagus
Cast iron pizza - Homemade dough, smoked cheddar, spicy salami, fresh mozz.
Chicken Caesar Salad with homemade Dressing.
Chicken catupiry baked potatoe
Morning Feast
Pan seared steak with oven-baked fries
Lemon blueberry bread with lemon glaze
North African shortbread cookies known as ghribiya.
Eggs in Purgatory and Ciabatta
Strawberry Cheesecake Crepes with Nutella
. Irish Soda Bread
beautiful home fries
I made cookie filled with chocolate called ''izmir bomb'' in Turkey
Jamaican Style Beef Stew with Rice
Overnight oats
Pro Chefs of Homefoodi Today's Special homemade food You must have "" somewhere in your title.
cake Napoleon
Beer cheese and brat soup
Turkey Confit
Smash burger
Carne Asada and lobster for surf and turf tacos
Chocolate Cake with pistachio icing
The Infamous Peanut Butter Burger with Candied Bacon Crumble
a Southern Fried Chicken Burger
One pot mushroom pasta &amp; sirloin steak
"Tacos" with jicama wraps, grass fed ribeye, organic greens, red pepper, guacamole and homemade chili oil.
Cheese Spätzle with Chilli Bratwurst
bread and pumpkin soup. The crispy bacon garnish was my girlfriends idea. It turned out great!
Grits with hedgehog mushrooms, grilled scallions, smoked cheddar, baby kale and rosemary
Hasselback Gratin
Butter dosas
caramel apple pie with pretzel streusel
Grilled tomahawk ribeye with chimichurri
Poori bhaaji
Chicken Biryani with raita, green beans for health, ha!
pumpkin shaped dinner rolls
Strawberry Shortcake Snowball
Lebanese smoked lamb and rice over Greek yogurt and hummus
Mille-feuilles pistache et vanille
Chocolate chocolate chip quick bread
Cheesecake with crème fraîche and Biscoff crust.
Pork Belly, Cabbage, Rice, Dongchimi!
Home made it nachos
Bacon, egg and cheese sandwiches using buttered and toasted hamburger buns
My pie
honey dill salmon with brown rice featuring Soya and ginger
Grilled 😃
baklawa !
Irish beef stew
White bean chicken chili and cornbread
American Cheese Slices from homemade Cheddar with assorted hamburger fixings
Scallion Bread
Kangaroo Taco
Instant vegetable broth
Green Thai Curry
Czech roasted beef with cream sauce and dumplings (“Svíčková na smetaně”)
When gatherings are limited, you do a sake, garlic, shallot, and butter seafood pot with sourdough
Chicken Adobo Fried Rice with Fried Egg
60°c /24 he sous-vide Ribs
High Protein Food
kimchi(kkakdugi) my personal favourite kind of kimchi
when you can’t go to korean bbq bc of lockdown, you do it yourself
Chicken Parmasean
Garlic and Thyme Butter Grilled Ribeye with Lemon Pepper Baked Asparagus
Shrimp and Grits
Caramel Baked Cheesecake
Truffle scrambled eggs brunch
Happy Pancake Day!
I made a vegetarian bean &amp; mushroom patty burger with homemade brioche buns
Carnitas with avocado, Salsa, Basted eggs and Cotija cheese
French onion soup with chives and gruyere
Pleased with this beef stroganoff
Persian style kebab and crispy rice with saffron
Steak Diane with mashed potatoes and roasted broccoli
Boules de Berlin
The cricket ball comparison: SG vs Kookaburra vs Dukes explained - Times of India
pizza in rome Italy!!
Danish rye sourdough bread with flaxseeds and sunflower seeds.
Chick-fil-A chicken sandwich copycat.
Tonight's dinner
roast chicken - duck fat fried potatoes
Homemade eggplant compote!
Lao chicken stew
French fries
in n out cheeseburgers to go
smoked mango habanero wings. Fermented a mango habanero hot sauce cut w/ honey and avocado oil. Dehydrated the guts from the hot sauce and made a chili salt. Smoked over cherry wood with whisky barrel chunks 🤙
Garlic Shrimp Noodles
Indian Sooji Sweet Balls
My Charcuterie Table gift to my family for Christmas Eve
Truffle Potato Chips with Blue Cheese and Balsamic Reduction
Chicken enchiladas
NY STRIP 1.7 LBS cooked in Fireplace
Scallops in white wine and garlic
Spinach Poori, Mass Cooking at home and donating it to underprivileged
Fajita melt
What my GF made for dinner.  everything 🤤🤤
a potato chip. Herr’s jalapeño
Whole 30 white chicken chili
Potato Chicken Pancakes w/ Apple Sauce and Kale Salad
Monster cookies
Pistachio and tart cherry thumbprint cookies.
Steak, fries, and steamed broccoli.
Japanese BBQ Wings
Grilled Cheese and Iced Horchata
Tritip Roast - Slow Smoked then Reverse Seared
Grilled cheese sandwich with tomato soup
Smoked salmon tartines
Bruchetta.
trio formagio baked pumpkin
Sourdough tortilla burritos before wrapping
Dolsot Bulgogi Bibimbap
Strawberry lemon pie
Chocolate cake with raspberry jam filling
Laquered sous vide pork tenderloin w/potato puree &amp; charred leek
4 Best Foods To Boost Brain Power and Improve Memory
4-cheese fusilli with garlic bacon
Flank Steak with sundried tomato sauce and corn and zucchini salad
breakfast sandwich • crispy spam • egg • white cheddar • scallion • jalapeño • kewpie mayo
Made some bread, some garlic butter, some sauce, some meatballs - Yum
chicken fajitas
Train pancake for my 3yo birthday.
linguini with clam sauce, shrimp, parm
chili and Turkish bread. Not good at taking pics but tasted really good.
tenderloin, potatoes, mushrooms and onion. Parsley, served with peppersauce
Cheesesteak at Cafe Carmela, NE Philly - Cooper Sharp, Carangi Seeded Roll, Caramelized Onions and Thin-Sliced Ribeye
Salami roses
Fillet Steak, Roast Potatoes, Creamed Spinach, Pickled Cabbage, Roasted Balsamic Tomatoes
Half grilled chicken and French fries
Chocolate cupcakes!
Ham and Cheese Jerusalem Bagels
Seared scallops with fennel risotto
ratatoullie!
orange-glazed salmon with root vegetables and cashew-beet smear
Panfried pineapple &amp; ice cream
Steak Street Tacos
Philly and Fries
Dry Rub Salt n Pepper Wings
Chocolate Stump Cake from a local bakery!
I made rabbit stew for National Hobbit Day and forgot the potatoes.
Sesame Chicken
Sweet and Savory Cola Wings
Cinnamon Nutmeg Bread
Pizza with homemade whole wheat crust and pizza sauce.
pork ribs (oven) with bacon MacNCheese
Shells w/ Lemon Brown Butter
Lemon Cupcakes with Buttercream frosting!! I’m a newbie baker but they taste good!
Donut
Walnut and Pomegranate Beef over Saffron Rice
Porchetta with extra crispy skin.
Brown butter apple crumble cake with cinnamon frosting
Southend fried chicken burger
""
Chinese food.
Thai red curry noodle soup. Unreal
Brown sugar
Goat cheese stuffed chicken and orzo (goat cheese oozing out). Half Baked Harvest recipe.
Sri Lankan style curry
creamy udon with tenderloin and mushrooms
Pizza topped with Wagyu patty. (Was going to make Wagyu pizza burgers but didn't realise how small the Wagyu patties would shrink.)
Hand laminated croissant with cinnamon beurrage.
Chicken with Black Bean Sauce
Hearty Winter Spicy Beef Stew
Potatoes in a new and delicious way, they can be cooked in the oven or in a pan
Kofte, Bazlama, Lebanese Rice, Toum
Grilled pear and apple salad with goat cheese crumbles and toasted walnuts, and Eggs benedict over smoked salmon and latkes
Blueberry &amp; Almond Milk smoothie bowl topped with frozen blueberries &amp; Highkey Keto granola.
Chocolate Ganache Macaron
Smoked Chicken and Trout
Garlic Prawn Mac &amp; Cheese + bacon and garlic breadcrumbs burger with truffle aioli. Best thing ever
Late night Cheesesteak
Fire-Roasted Hatch Chiles
Eggs, toast, green stuff
Italian Artisan Bread
Ramen noodle bowl with chicken, scallions, soy-soaked hard boiled egg, shredded carrots, red cabbage, shiitake mushrooms, and fried pork belly! Scrumptious!
Some roasted chicken , roasted tomatoes roasted onions ,some tabouleh , hummus , pickles . Some might not like it , but this exactly what a syrian family needs every summer !
Mango Sago Donuts
Fried Cinnamon Roll Sticks
Linguini with Lobster Cream Sauce
Sour Dough Pizza
mini beef Wellingtons
This enormous kale wrap
Stove-to-oven chicken thighs with sun-dried tomato pesto pasta and broccoli
Maine Lobster Rolls from Red’s Eats
Sausage, egg, cheese and tater tot casserole
Very very Buttery Bundt Bread....like a salty savory monkey bread....delish delosh
Monica's "Moist Maker" Thanksgiving Leftovers Sandwich
Mac and cheese
Menbosha
American Wagyu and seasoned potatoes.
Aaj Ka Viral: Video of Amit Shah falling from stage in kolkata goes viral, know what's the reality behind - India TV News
Chicken Katsu Curry Sandwich
Pumpkin spice palmiers
Mardi Gras King Cake
Mississippi pot roast sliders on homemade dinner rolls
Almond Mylk with Saffron, sweetened with monk fruit sweetener
You may have a food intolerance and not even know it - KSAT San Antonio
Sous vide tri tip, patatas bravas, broccoli
Viral video: Trump supporters allegedly kicked out of flight for discussing support towards the outgoing US President - OpIndia
Banoffee mille fuille - Dulce de Leche Caramel with banana and mascarpone cream
cream cheese danish!
Singapour noodles, chicken Spring rolls
Wiener Schnitzel with roast potatoes (mit Bratkartoffeln)
My best batch of bagels yet.
Smoked Cauliflower Mac and Cheese with Roasted Poblano Peppers and Onions
Cornbread with a mix of cornmeal, almond flour and all purpose flower
Leftover sticky rice fried rice
NY strip, fondant potatoes, and green beans for dinner.
Lamb chops &amp; Black bean noodles
beer battered fish tacos with chipotle-lime aioli, pickled red onion, slaw, and radish.
Twice Baked Potatoes
a butter based lobster roll
Waffles with cookie ice cream8hr Smoked Pork Butt
potato and onion frittata
Minion Burger at Universal Studios Japan
Vegetable medley with bacon and stoneground mustard.
Enzo Pepperoni | Broccoli | Bell Pepper | Habanero Pepper
That's some ugly looking delicious briyani I cooked.
12 Hour Truffle Mustard rubbed Prime Rib eye.
Shrimps and Lobsters
filet mignon with lobster tail
surf and turf with mashed potatoes and roasted broccoli
Orzo with Crispy Prosciutto, peas and feta
Chicken Thigh Carnita Tacos
White Spelt Sourdough with Tri-Coloured Quinoa and Milled Chia Seeds
Sourdough Liège Waffles
Tagliatelle al Ragú 🇮🇹
Sterling Filet Mignon, garlic shrimps and french fries
Garbage plate curly fries
blueberry cheesecake
sausage pinwheels with apple and sage
A chili cheese hot dog
How To Make Corn Dogs
risotto with lamb
- Roast beef cubes, mustard cream, mushrooms and garlic bread strips :)
We’ll be fine dining tonight
Two Eggs Twelve Vanilla Cupcakes with Chocolate filling without a mixer
chicken tacos w/ chimichurri + salsa
Gluten-Free Beef Wellington
A seafood platter
Biden threatens US sanctions in response to Myanmar coup - Times of India
Cuộc sống hiện đại luôn tất bật với công việc, học hành, nhiều người không có thời gian vào bếp. Chính vì vậy nhu cầu sử dụng những món ăn làm sẵn là rất cao ví dụ như ruốc bông (ruốc cá, ruốc thịt, ruốc nấm…). #máyrangchàbông20kg #máyxaochàbông20kg
Just a little breakfast I threw together this morning
Pumpkin-spice cinnamon roll
Honey nut squash and roast chicken salad
Paneer jalfrezi with basmati rice
Pickled Eggs
strawberry cheesecake with graham cracker crust
Herb Crusted Salmon Over Mashed Potatoes and Lemon Butter Sauce
Indian Tapas
Pumpkin Risotto with Goat Cheese and Cranberries
a5 wagyu
Rose Jelly! Like a garden on my toast
Weck!
kimchi and Spam fried rice
Herbed grilled chicken with brocoli
arancini
garlic rosemary t-bone steak with sweet potatoes.
Sweet Potato Cheesecake
Christmas pernil
scrambled eggs and crispy bacon 🥓
Vada pav, indian street food.
Homemade broccoli soup and homemade focaccia.
omurice
Salmon tartare with caviar
Vanilla muffins
Carne Asada bowl
Tofu Tikka Masala
Made some funky old Jam Fancy Donut thingy’s!!
Healthy lebanese chicken shish taouk
bacon mushroom and egg fried rice
Shepard’s pie
Coconut flan.
BBQ pulled pork, baked potato, coleslaw
Avacado, steak and eggs.
Fried Oysters with a Curry Aioli for dipping
Made some pumpkin lasagna and posted it in r/foodporn. It belongs here too.
Caviar on blini with creme fraiche
American-Inspired Chicken and Waffles
cindys cinnamon rolls for Christmas
Minced meat with onion, tomato, and garlic zaaitara potatoes , which are quick to prepare
Ribeye or die
cherry pierogi with brown sugar crumble and sour cream
Hot dogs.
Beef Stake with Potato Salad
Chicken Parm topped with Crispy Prosciutto.
Pumpkin soup
Burger Bombs
Wednesday Addams Sushi Plate
Cumin dry-rubbed pork chops, scalloped potatoes, and roasted brussels sprouts
cinnamon roll cake
duck fat fries turned into potine.
Tuna-Nacho Sushi Burrito
Veg fried rice
chicken teriyaki with broccoli and a little bit of carrot and onions
Malaysian Chicken rice(Food review)Must try!!!!
sushi at home, on a tray
its  Turkish dish i made it and tell me the name of dish if you are a chef
Vanilla Panna Cotta &amp; Raspberry Coulis
Banana mousse served in a bone with red velvet sauce, vanilla wafer crumbles &amp; whipped cream.
Hot fried chicken
steamed noodles with plum filling
- Roast beef sliders with Au Jus.
sushi in Rio de Janeiro
Tacos!
Pulled Pork
Tray-bake supper: before the oven and after
Focaccia- rosemary, garlic, sweet basil, salt
Potato soup with fresh bread
Cold-fermented sourdough bread
Fresh Brussels Sprouts with Ranch Dressing!
Skull Sugar Cookies
Tuna Tataki
Fr e sh a voca do and tomato sushis
Bacon wrapped beef tenderloin w/balsamic reduction
chocolate brownie
Chicken Parm topped with mozzarella cheese
Black Forest Cake
smoked chicken Thighs
Vegetable soup base.
Aviations and shrimp cocktail
बालूशाही | Balushahi Recipe in 30 min | Recipes to try at home | How to...
Boba Milk Tea Cream Puff
Grilling Chicken. Can you hear the sizzle?
Baked Cinnamon Donut Holes
Sausage spaghetti with Parmesan cheese.
5 Cheese and garlic cream sauce feta mozzarella pizzas
Crispy Eggplant
https://ift.tt/2Y4SuID
Crunch wrap supreme
Sous Vide Duck Leg Confit with Orange Sauce, Saffron Rice and Grilled Mahi-Mahi with Lemon Butter Sauce.
&amp; delicious
pan fried pork chops with sautéed onions and portabello mushrooms, saffron rice, and garlic green beans.
paleo lemon cake
Cinnamon Roll Dutch Apple Pie
Turkish poached egg with milk bread
Montecristo Sandwich
Im addicted to asian noddles
Spicy jerk potato, bacon and pineapple hash.
Chicken Capresse
a chocolate chip cookie with little Maldon sea salt flakes on top!
honey wheat bread
#SardineSaturday ? Angel Hair tossed with Sardines, Capers, Toasted Pine Nuts, Olives, Basil, Garlic, Red Pepper Flakes, Lemon and Parmesan!
Prosciutto-Wrapped Turkey
Loaded Chocolate Birthday Cake
potatoes lasagna with bacon and cheese
Korean BBQ with ban chan
utterly indulgent chocolate brownie.
Peanut and german chocolates cake
french toast, eggs, sausage, hash browns
restaurant Recipes From famous restaurants - KidoBuzz
Kalbi short ribs and vegetable mix.
Canadian Butter Tarts
Apfelstrudel w/vanilla ice cream on top
Indian food in honor of USA’s first Indian-American Female Vice President
Thai Green Curry with Chicken
Menbosha | Shrimp Toast | Mian Bao Xia
Ruby Chocolate Chunk Oreo Cookies
Peppercorn Lamb Chops, Rosemary Demi
cheburek
caramel
Truffle Fries w Strawberry Latte
Nashville Hot Chicken with cole slaw, spicy mayo and American cheese
Tapas board with chorizo, garlic butter prawns, halloumi, pitta bread, hummus, mozzarella and sundried tomatoes and avocado
breakfast bowl 😋
Hamburger Helper with hashbrowns, tortillas, and baked eggs.
pollo alla diavola o pollo alla cacciatora?
roasted rainbow carrots &amp; brussel sprouts w fresh thyme &amp; balsamic glaze
Double Chocolate Chip Cookies.
My uncle gave me this grill pan Last year And i rarely Take it out. Chicken breast for a sandwich.
Spicy Korean Stir Fry
French Macarons with Lemon buttercream &amp; Rose Cardamom buttercream 😋
Breakfast at a College Dining Hall
4 cheese mac n cheese
CoCo Ichibanya Curry
food moment
brisket sandwich with onion tanglers, fried jalapenos, and pepper jack cheese.
Pear chocolate cake
sushi with tuna, salmon, chrispy chicken and fried shrimp!
spamwich
Snowflake Sugar Cookies
Lemon Chicken Pasta
Fresh Biscotti outta the oven, looking CRISPY
Omelette w/ mushroom, onion, green pepper, and parmesan
greasy pizza.
Turkherd Pie - Shepherds pie but with ground turkey meat and sweet potato topping
Sliced smoked pork tenderloin with a mix of six cheeses broiled on a pretzel bun with garlic aioli
Soo squishy but they look amazing! Simple  and easy to make.
Steak with cheese sauce
Napoleon
Broccoli Cheese soup in sourdough bread bowl
Brisket &amp; All the Fixings!
Chile covered mango at the Mall of America
Baltimore Curry
the classic, growing up. Definitely some new ideas to try
Steak Tartare
Miso steak over baby bok choy , topped with crispy beef fat and ginger. Only 6 ingredients.
Arabic mandi lamb, grilled rosemary n garlic salmon, saffron Japanese pearl rice, Chinese dou miao stir-fry
Chicago Style Pepperoni Pizza
Australian Wagyu Fillets &amp; Ribeyes
Greek “sushi”
Raspberry Lemon Curd Tart with Mini Meringues
Brown Butter CCC via Chris Morocco recipe
Chicken &amp; Rice
Viral Video Shows All The VAR Decisions That have Gone Against Liverpool - SPORTbible
How do you like my omelet?
chili cheese dogs
salmon patties for lunch
Avocado Tuna Salad
Fried pickles.
Salted caramel cookie
triple-berry hand pies for Pi Day!
Stuffed Zucchini with feta cheese
sambal okra, oyster omelette, lamb rendang n rice
Chocolate Creme Caramel
Butter croissants and a slice of blueberry pie
Apple Pi!
Bby sis made cake pops, she loves to bake. She called them ugly and as the oldest my organic answer was to say they’re beautiful and wanted to share them. **They’re not gluten free and I can’t eat gluten. Cheers**
Air fried wings recipe!
Ras Malai
Tuna Steak
Chicken legs - extra crispy
18lb Christmas Fried Turkey
Arizona themed carrot cake for my coworker’s birthday. I stayed up way too late piping buttercream, but it was so much fun and the great big smile on her face made it worth it.
chocolate mousse with chili pepper olive oil
my fridtata looks good
Cafe Style-Crunchy Juicy Veg Sandwich| Chesse Sandwich|Sandwich #sandwichrecipe #cremychessesandwichrecipe #howtomakevegjuicysandwichrecipe #howtomakechessesandwichrecipe #crunchysandwichrecipe #sandwichesathome #creatingfoodzrecipe #lockdownrecipe #creatingfoodzsandwhichreci
Shole Ghorbandi - Meatballs, Dhal, Rice, Yoghurt Dip, Mint
instant noodles with stir fried veggies and egg
mom’s entomatadas... this woman is a treasure
this counts, right?
Brigadieros de Brazil
My COVID story: 'My father has slipped into depression after recovering from COVID-19' - Times of India
Pumpkin Mousse Cheesecake with White Chocolate Whipped Cream
Momofuku Ramen
Italian desserts: Tiramisu, Cannoli, and Cassatina
i would like to share this
The weekends are for things like 10 hour  Bolognese Sauce.
Shoyu Tonkotsu ramen with oyster mushrooms and pork belly
Carmel Puff Corn
Meatball with Tomato Sauce
Miso Soup
Bread pudding and salted caramel
Mexican food: Rajas Poblanas, Papas con chorizo, black beans, red rice, tortillas, tostadas and salsas
Bacon Broccoli Chicken Alfredo
Lobster &amp; shrimp bisque, baguette, and fresh Dungeness crab (finally)
Hot Dogs and Fried Tomatoes
Burgers, Sweet &amp; Spicy
Acorn squash ravioli, dandelion pesto, roasted pumpkin seeds and pecorino Romano cheese
chicken pot pie.
Fresh Fried Calamari and Amogio
buttermilk brined turkey
Is Neapolitan ice cream 1 favor or 3 flavors in the same container
Apple “nachos”. Sliced Granny Smiths with caramel, chocolate chips and sauce, whipped cream and crushed peanuts. 🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤
Vietnamese spring rolls, Fried spam on bottom and Poached shrimp on top.
Baked chicken with Savoury rice
chicken curry with spiced basmati rice
Indian Kari Dosai
Halloween Tea
Rava Kheer Puri Recipe in Religious Events
pan seared duck breast, dauphinois potatoes with butter noisette carrot puree and koffman's cabbage
Crawfish in homemade scorpion pepper BBQ sauce
Broccoli Cheddar soup with dill oil
Seared Tenderloin with Beans and Potatoes
NYE Seafood feast for two!
Pork Belly with Crackle
Enchiladas
slow roasted pork side ribs
Chicken Alfredo pasta
black bean tostadas 🤤
Brandy Flambé Filet Mignon
Cranberry-glazed chicken
Pepperoni pizza, homemade sauce, mozzarella, pecorino, and basil
Soya Chunk Curry.
Traditional Greek pastichio.
Pasta and Broccoli
June Plum Salad With Dried Shrimp &amp; Pork | Yummy Cooking June Plum Fruit...
Moose Juice (frozen Fanta drink)
They have come out with Sonic the hedgehog curry. And yes the curry is blue
Skyline style chili
Rose-cardamom-lemon Turkish Delight/Lokum.
Steamed Garlic Prawns w/ Vermicelli
Teriyaki salmon and noodle salad
vegan red kuri squash soup extra smooth
Swedish meatballs, gravy and mashed potatoes
Giant Shrimp Tempura
Exports slip 0.8% in December 2020
‘homemade’ takeaway curry. Made from a house in my local area to make money during lockdown. It was fantastic.
Nutella no-bake graham layered cake! 😋
Gingerbread Cake with Vanilla Sugar.
Chorizo and bean stew
Spicy African Peanut Soup with Sweet Potato and Swiss Chard. The ultimate comfort food.
fettuccine and gravy
NY Strip &amp; Disco Fries
Chocolate Milk Desert
Japanese Jelly
I ate a sausage, egg, and cheese on a bagel.
Mexican Dessert
Crispy Dosa
Beef Wellington, fondant potatoes, garlic broccolini, maple glazed carrots, celeriac puree, red wine &amp; beef reduction
desayuno.
Single gal dinner
Agnolotti filled with Ricotta and Braised Leeks
pepperoni, bacon and red pepper pizza
Roasted Poblano and Corn Salad
Used Ethan Chlebowski’s shokupan Pullman loaf recipe to make grilled cheeses with Ree Drummond’s tomato soup recipe for a 2 star Michelin comfort food dinner.
BBG chicken salad
Aldis red bag chicken
Softy and Chewy Snickerdoodle Cookie Bars
braised beef shank with chili oil
Vietnamese chicken and shrimp egg rolls
English Muffin Breakfast Sandwich With Candian Bacon, Tomato, and Grated Pecorino
Seafood boil
bacon, egg, cheese, french toast sandwich
cedar plank salmon
chocolate chip Nutella pancakes
Biscuits and Sausage Gravy
Piccola Blue Pizza
Apple and peanut strudel with labneh topping
Swiss Miss Doughnuts for Christmas eve
Yesterday I made Oysters 👍🏻
Milk Cake Recipe in Hindi
channa masala with garlic naan bread
Strawberry Cake 🍓🐮
Turkey Ramen
Cheesecake brownies
Pljeskavica - National dish of Serbia. Beef &amp; pork smashed patties, with sauerkraut, gherkins, onion, lettuce and ajvar in homemade pitta bread
chicken salad sandwich
Today’s breakfast! Dutch baby with crispy smoked bacon caramelized bananas and warm maple syrup.
Polish Gołąbki in savoy cabbage
Kimbap with self-pickled danmuji
an In n Out cheeseburger
Listening rooms country fried steak biscuit with gravy and best potatoes of my life!
Korean Fried Wings
Keto Red split lentils curry soup with Italian sausage (Keto and Low Carb)
Satay Chicken with Pad Thai
Sesame Orange Chicken
brisket
Fried haggis
Fancy Top Ramen Lunch
Loaded baked potato soup!
The last caveman discovers a food made by the modern man!
-Grilled octopus on steamed potatoes,olive taggiasche,olive oil,malt vinegar and smoked paprika:taaaaaasty!!!
spicy sesame chicken with peanuts and veggies
Brigadeiro, an amazing Brazilian dessert!
Porchetta with crackling sandwich
Butter Pached Lobster
Jalebi Recipe in Indian Streets (Indian Sweet)
chickpea chaat
Pazole and al pastor tacos from the local taqueria
Chicken Fajita Pizza
Wonton Soup
Oreo cheesecake with caramel
Florida school officer body-slams female student into concrete in viral video - TheGrio
Sweet Bread with Apple and Cheese :)
Smash burger with lettuce and special sauce
Mini Cinnamon Rolls
Pineapple Upside Down Cake
holiday cookies
Smoked lamb and pea korma, basmati rice and Chana masala
Olive and Rosemary Foccacia
Send soups, tea and cookies in our care package!
Sausage pasta with Cheesy Sauce and garlic bread
cured and smoked corned beef brisket
Smoked Spicy Ribs
Salmon Benedict with cream cheese sauce
Korean fried chicken
Twisted dough pastries, filling is pastry cream with manna.
Egg tarts
Asian Style Braised Short Ribs
Bone in rib eye, with sautéed sides.
Black Forest birthday cake
Chocolate Holiday Mice
$10 seafood/salad dinner
Smoked brisket.
Our pre-smoked prime rib
fish, wedges and salad
Stuffed braided pizza loaf
Crunch Wrap Supreme, recipe in comments. Saw it here, here's mine.
Chicken &amp; Sausage Gumbo. Also some potato salad.
Chicken Chili Verde with Eggs
I made a few trays of baked ziti
Jr. Bacon Cheeseburger
Amêijoas Bulhão Pato
Smoked Tri-tip.
Turkey Joe's
3 Ingredients Frozen Dog Treat
prime rib and veg
Hot wings
Nut burger with avocado &amp; sprouts
"" quarantine event
Tacos de carnitas
-available Thursday-Sunday at Hop&amp;Sting Brewery in Grapevine, TX.
pasta
Roasted eggplant over couscous with a spicy tomato sauce, balsamic tahini dressing, cilantro lemon hot sauce all topped with some grated Parmesan!
Milk Buns my daughter made.
chicken and dumplings with a whole lotta black pepper. Dumplings turned out quite fluffy
Caramelized banana cream tart
A5 Wagyu Rib Cap
pork kebab
Chao
Quesabirria Tacos
Samsung Reveals Galaxy Buds Pro Name on Canadian Storefront - PCMag India
Currywurst with Reibekuchen
Double smash, Martin’s roll, grilled onions, custom sauce
Meatballs with Peanut butter and Tomato Sauce
Shrimp Salad
Japanese chicken nanban
(Homemade) Beef Wellington
(//dausel.co/XFvlPu) .Oi pessoal, como vão? Espero que esteja tudo bem, estava com problemas para fazer uma massa não sabia cozinhar tudo, mas até que encontrei um vídeo onde neste vídeo ensinava uma maneira
charcoal bbq Carne Asada Tacos
Delicious Cone Ice Cream
pasta hats
homemade naan breads
carnitas
Hickory Smoked Tri-tip
Halloween cookies
Cellentani pasta with lobster and herb butter sauce
Simple prawn noodle soup forbdinner
12+ Hours making tonkatsu ramen following Kenji's recipe. Totally worth it.
New England lobster roll
Maharashtra cuts real estate premium by 50% - Mint
Angus Roast Beef &amp; Cheddar Sandwich
Whole Red Snapper - baked greek style with lemon, olive oil, capers
Philly cheese steak w/mushrooms, onions, gr peppers
Christmas turkey with bacon weave I made, It was amazing and super moist! Stuffing had bacon and sautéed onions and mushrooms added to it
Yakitori from one chicken
bacon cheese burger add fresh spinach, avocado, grilled onions! Yummy
beef &amp; mushroom pho
Gnocchi with beef, mushroom, tomato vodka sauce
Crunch-wrap
3-Ingredient Flourless Chocolate Cake Recipe
pork belly burnt ends
Gluten-free muffins
New York Strip Roast
Tom Yum Goong (Thai Spicy and Sour Prawn Soup)
Pan Seared Bass, Succotash, and Pub Chips.
Get Iphone 11 pro sign up and claim your entry now
Sunday breakfast on Monday
Tasty Fish Curry Recipe
fried fish and potatoes
Samosa Pie!
Cilantro avocado salad.
Homemade turkey noodle soup and grilled cheese sandwich
Caramel Banana Cupcake with Vanilla Sauce, Blueberry Coulis, and a Caramelized Banana
Gnocchi with Cherry Tomatoes, Basil, Garlic, Lemon, &amp; Parmesan Reggiano
Gochujang roasted chicken &amp; potatoes
Chicken street taco with homemade pico
Portuguese style rice with beans
Reverse seared NY strip. Salt, pepper, crushed garlic and butter (and side salad w/ caesar and balsamic glaze).
My mum made Hello Kitty Shortbread
roasted duck breast over cavatappi pasta in a chanterelle cream sauce with roasted root vegetables.
Magnetic balls | ASMR SUSHI &amp; SASHIMI PLATTER MUKBANG (No Talking) EATIN...
Garlic and cheese bread
Bacon, egg, and cheese on a toasted english muffin
Roasted Beet Salad, Goat Cheese, Fresh Herbs, served cold w/ Orange Rind Vinaigrette.
- Oreo, Vanilla, &amp; Smores Cake Pops
Healthy breakfast: Made under 15 mins.
Viral: Man lifts buffalo, camel, horse on his shoulders - watch video - DNA India
Bread with Red Bean Paste
NEW MUKBANG VIDEO
BBQ SMOKED RIBS
pancakes with some berries and maple syrup❤
Christmas Crockpot Turkey Chili
white chocolate and pistachio cake
Butternut Squash and Black Bean Stew
and made circle noodles with soia, chicken flavour and chilly
Croissant.
sourdough
mushroom and cheese stuffed meatloaf with bruschetta
Biryani and Raita
Orange chicken with pineapple
White chocolate raspberry cake with chocolate ganache and raspberry curd filling
White Chocolate and Key Lime... anyone tried these yet?
first ever steak in a cast iron skillet
Reverse sear grilled rib eye
burrito with spinach :)
Evolution of Vegan Lifestyle.
Spam Musubi. My favorite dish.
Eggplant mozzarella roll
Clams with garlic and oil with white wine
Killapatrick Oyster
Chicken and Noodles
Tang Yuan with black sesame filling
- Pepperoni and basil pan pizza
Bacon Wrapped Roasted Garlic Bulbs
Tres leches cupcakes 🧁
Rib Eye &amp; Shrimp with Potatoes
Currently accepting suggestions for what to make with ALL this pumpkin puree. That bowl is only half of what I baked. 🎃🍂
Chicken Kebabs
Risotto with asparagus
Feastivist
Long COVID: 5 symptoms that can determine your risk of developing post-COVID syndrome - Times of India
creamy tomato soup and 3-cheese grilled cheese

Crabmeat Salad on Toasted Bun
yummmm
Porterhouse steak, medium rare
Dungeness crab with ginger scallion sauce
Silcillian chicken soup with Gruyere and provolone grilled cheese sandwich
dark chocolate chunk, pistachio, and sea salt cookies
Iskander Kebap
Pancakes with Maple Syrup
dark chocolate, caramel, and sea salt cookies.
Chili Con Carne
extra large pizzas
Avocado toast and home fries
Chicken Quesabirria in the style of Nashville Hot
Cheezburger
yule log
Rosemary Apple Pie
33hour  spicy miso ramen with pork mince made for mine and my partners anniversary~
Cig Sammy
Maple Mustard Baked Chicken | Caramel Popcorn as movie snack
ramen with steak, lightly pickled red onion, and soft boiled egg.
Kluna Tik eating Plants vs Zombies in real life #2 - ASMR Comiedo Kluna ...
Yum! Matcha Soft Serve Ice Cream at Ueno Park, Tokyo
deviled eggs
Venison meatballs with IKEA style Swedish meatball sauce and Lingonberries!
Rabbit stew in my crock pot. With fingerling potatoes, pearl onions, and vegetables. Six hours on low. Was a yummy hearty meal!
Jalapeño Cornbread
Sauvignon Blanc Braised Chicken Thighs
salted chocolate brownie cookies
hot pork and apple sauce sub
Made Korean Dak-Galbi
Chicken Jhal Polao...
mashed sweet potatoes and peas with a tartare on top
pork chops, rice string beans and arugula cucumber salad 🥗.
Thanksgiving leftover turkey leg with roasted balsamic green beans and baked potato.
I’m having so much fun Hooman!
korean barbecue burger with pickled onions
Cinnamon Raisin Bread Pudding
Chicken soup I've had on low heat all day
honey glazed spicy pork chops with a avocado, sour cream, Sriracha, and butternut squash purée.
Challah with raisins
Ohio Gov. DeWine reverses course on veto warning, signs 'Stand Your Ground' bill eliminating duty to retreat - NBC News
Garlic, Black Eyed Peas with praline ham
Pakistani Dish called Goat Biryani which is goat meat cooked with Rice and potatoes!
chocolate croissants
Roasted turkey legs.
Pulled pork sliders with air fried potato wedges and brown gravy.
I deboned and smoked Turkey stuffed with cranberry apple cornbread stuffing
Sourdough Grilled Cheese &amp; Tomato Soup
Traditional romanian mini cakes!
dehydrated fruits, nice way to have healthy snack on the go
Cookies and Cream Cheesecake
A Matador Burger in Central Stockholm. I was full for two days! 😂
Minestrone Shakshuka 🍃🍅🥒🌶🥕🧀
BBQ Rib Egg Rolls
Chicken tikka masala with garlic naan
Sweet Potato Tacos (Inspired by Guerilla Tacos)
lobster claws brazed pork belly sweet potatoes onions and brussel sprouts
Kokoda
Extra crispy smoked dry rub wings
macarons with cream cheese buttercream
Lemon Poppyseed Bread
oven baked tuna sandwich
Cinnamon and Raisin babka
Viral Video Of 'Dancing Pheras' At Wedding Divides Twitter - NDTV
Crawfish Etouffee
Chicken and chorizo paella
Turkey Meatloaf with Adobo Mashed Sweet Potatoes
Irish Soda Bread &amp; Homemade Guinness Butter
Garlic honey lime shrimp.
Happy St. Lucia day!  Swedish cardamom knots &amp; Danish apricot &amp; almond bread
home smoked brisket tacos, jalapeno poppers and cornbread with chilli infused honey
Taco Tuesday!
Osso Buco with Risotto alla Milanese
Vietnamese style sunny side ups with a baguette
Viennese Pork Cuttlets!!!
Clotted Cream
Pizza Margherita and Pizza Soppressatta
carnitas
Burgers with homemade burger buns
Venison &amp; blackberry stew with swede and potato mash and green beans
Spicy Salmon Sushi Burrito
Buffalo Chicken Dip Bread Bowl
breakfast bowl
Brussies ‘n Bacon
Classic American Bologna on White
a ground beef and sausage poutine
Croissant Breakfast Sandwich with Bacon, Egg, and Avocado
Hot Chicken Sandwich with Coleslaw
Beer Battered Smoked Cod and Chips
Beef Jerkey
Pearl on the Ocean Floor
A Bacon Egg &amp; Cheese On a Spicy Beef Patty Bun.
Camembert I made
“” amazing honey
crispy battered chicken wings.
Shake Shack Style Smashburger.
Apple tea cake
Chocolate cupcakes, ganache frosting, and some little balls of caramel on top
Taiyaki, traditional Japanese street sweet treat similar to a waffle but filled. Mine with a Cadbury's spread in the middle, so not so traditional, usually they have red bean paste.
Seared Salmon, Crusted Potatoes, and Lemon-pepper Asparagus
Haggis Scotch Egg
steak with chimichurri and baked potatoes.
Guiso de calamares
homemade Quesabirria tacos
Cheeseburger Gnocchi
I love repurposing ramen. Just trying my best to cook for one. I think this is will last me for days.
stuffed turkey cranberry stuffing and baked acorn squash who says it’s just for thanksgiving LOL
Chickpea and aubergine curry, with braised rice and chibati bread
breakfast skillet
Butterscotch fudge with smoked sea salt
chicken tenders and fries
Cajun style seafood boil
cinnamon knots
chocolate trifle. Chocolate cake, pudding and fresh whipped cream.
Snack Board
Reverse seared bone-in ribeye
Never make eye contact with anyone while eating a banana
Mushroom cookies
granola with yogurt and dark purple berries
steamed broccoli with sesame seed mayo and chili powder
Fish and Chips at a pub in Oxford, England
Brownie topped with Madagascar Vanilla Beam icecream and garnished with almond chunks
White Chocolate Vanilla Bean Blondies
Rigatoni with homemade red pepper and cashew pesto
lobster roll
My wife made me pizza for dinner last night
eclair
Christmas cinnamon rolls
Hubby is making braised short ribs from our Holstein steer; look at these fatties!
My aunt got me an All-Clad stainless steel pan for my birthday. This was the inaugural meal. Boneless pork chops with a white wine pan sauce.
hot dog flower buns
meatballs in tomato sauce
Halloween special
baklava
Charcuterie board
Chocolate Loaf Cake
Brown Sugar Cookies
Prime steak on seaweed with kimchi and fried mushrooms
pumpkin swirled cheesecake
Fruit bowl with honey topping
Red Thai Curry Noodle Soup
raspberry angel food cake
Russian Style Dumplings “Pelmeni”
Poutine with air fried French fries, cheese curds and garnished with Canadian Bacon
flatbread.
Gordon Ramsay's Worlds Best Brownies
chocolate chip Panettone
Melonpan with Matcha Ice Cream
Korean bbq salmon over fried rice
Nacho Macho - double beef with nachos, cheese and red jalapeños
bread cheese corn pockets
high tier meal
Habanero grilled cheese with ham, sautéed peppers and onions
Garlic taro mashed potatoes with some green onions and roasted garlic and flake salt on top
Pozole with all the fixins
Greek style flatbread
Lasagna with fresh made noodles
Crispy pork belly with rice and beans
Pork Belly Burnt Ends served w/ Smoked Pineapple Salsa + homemade Crispy Taco Shell
PISTACHIO (BIANCA) - Fresh mozz, white sauce, fontina, mortadella, hot honey. My Pi Day feast
I made  Rigatoni paired with my Grandfathers spaghetti sauce recipe.
Breakfast of two eggs, toast for dipping, and some fruit!
Morning Coffee
I know everyone is sick of seeing Thanksgiving posts but I did this! Lots of internet research and asking friends and family. It was delicious and I am proud. Thanks!
Matcha green tea (this was my firrst taime)
No-Knead Cheesy Pull Apart Bread
French toast
Chicken Fettuccini Alfredo
Adobo Chicken Wings grilled to perfection
Venison Stew
Beijing Beef with lo mein and steamed white rice. Panda’s got nothing on me.
Lomo Saltado just like my grandma makes it back in Peru
Lost the woman on the left today. Not food but she was that typical Grandmom who showed her love through food. Always some  big meat roast, potatoes, lots of butter and desserts like the Polish Grandmom she was.
5 Things don't do after eating |2021
seafood pasta
Popcorn
French Country Loaf
Aubergine Parmigiana with homemade cheese and sauce
- No Knead Focaccia
Crispy Sticky Mongolian Beef
Limonlu Haşhaşli Cheesecake | Harika Ve Cok Hafif Çizkek
Airfried buns
Mexican Chicken soup
Apple Pie Cheesecake
Salted caramel pecan praline Paris Brests, an eclair, and a cream puff.
Birria quesa tacos
Ube Cake
Twins!
Oreo Graveyard Pots
Swedish Minced Moose with Rowanberries
Turkey subs
Mac and cheese fritters w/ chipotle ranch.
Pancakes with Maple Syrup and Blueberries.
bbq board, pork ribs, beef ribs, sausage, chicken, brisket
28 oz anniversary ribeye
French dip from leftover pot roast
Salmon with strawberry japanese style
A bacon covered zombie meatloaf for Halloween.
Chilled Green Chile Pumpkin spice yogurt soup.
Jerk chicken pot pie
steak salad with crispy potatoes and roasted cauliflower
Prime Rib, Yorkshire Pudding, mash potatoes and roasted carrots
I see that pulled pork nachos are hot right now
Chicken Fajitas with pico de Gallo, guacamole &amp; homemade tortillas
Porto's Bake at Home Online Store (they ship with dry ice)
Chicken fried rice
chocolate Waffle
Cauliflower crust spinach and mozzarella pizza  fresh kimchi (겉절이) and boiled pork(보쌈) with soju
Epic cheeze and charcuterie board I did for our Canadian Thanksgiving tonight. Went over extremely well!
Chicken noodle soup with crispy chicken skin on top
banana bread bottom cheesecake with caramel sauce
Hopefully Reddit likes tamales.
Decided to treat myself tonight.
Hand wrapped wontons
Doughnuts for Hannukkah! Boston cream with eggnog custard, raspberry jelly with vanilla sugar glaze, and dulce de leche with Mexican cinnamon and sugar.
”” Oat recipes
Ancho Glazed Pork Belly, Seared King Oyster Mushroom, Pepper Putee, &amp; Fried Potatoes over Avocado Mousse topped with Pickled Red Onions
Steam cod with salsify puree, pears poached in tumeric infusion and nut milk foam
crispy chicken skin
Togarashi fried chicken burger with Tonkutsu sauce, shredded cabbage &amp; shibazuke pickles
Penne alla vodka
boneless BBQ pork ribs and baby carrots
Mac N Steak
steak and egg fried rice
https://ift.tt/3rwdG74
bacon and pepperjack stuffed burger topped with sauteed shrimp, mushroom, onion. Covered in alfredo sauce. Was a customer request, I obliged of course
Toshikoshi Soba
veggies cream soup with croutons
Lemon vanilla cheesecake with cherry, ginger and cardamom topping
24 Layer Lasagna
Fresh tortellini with cod filling and a variation of pepper
Frog Legs Provencal w/ Pan Sauce, Garlic Mashed Potatoes, and Roasted Artichoke
Lasagna with wagyu meatballs, ricotta, and Buffalo mozzarella.
Here is a pic of a roasted pork I made. Crispy Pork style. Yuuuumy
400 million km within 163 days, China’s Mars probe heads for red planet - Hindustan Times
i did not make these pancakes but i posted this to make you happy
Pad Gaprao Moo
Cheesy spinach toast.
Chicken Kebap with Tzatziki in Lavash Wraps
Fireplace Fried Rice
Toshikoshi soba made to look forward to a better year
Pumpkin risotto with Brown Butter and Sage
mini pecan pies
Jim Beam Barbeque Sauce
Gordon Ramsey shrimp scampi with rosemary bread
Scuffle brittle. lol
This went nuts
Shrimp and Steak Tacos
and cooked a seafood boil today. The lobster tail was my favorite😋
Chorizo Burger with Chips
Animal Style Fries!!
grilled steak + homemade rigatoni pasta
Sausage rolls
Rotisserie pheasant
kabocha and shiitake ravioli / beurre blanc / fennel pollen / fried rosemary
Steak and Shrimp Fajita Tacos
Waffle breakfast sandwich
homemade Börek inspired by a previous Balkans tour
Bacon wrapped hotdog with cheese, crispy onions, &amp; bbq sauce in a Hawaiian roll
italian sausage stuffed peppers and spinach arugula salad
800°C ribeye with crusty potatoes and roasted onions
Toast
applecake
Breadsticks double fried in duck and coconut grease, sprinkled with parmesan, salt flakes and black pepper.
Soft yeast buns with salted bacon, onions and cumin
Sicilian whole orange cake w salted caramel, espresso, white chocolate and hazelnut ice cream.
Beet and Coconut Curry with Turmeric Safflower Rice, Cilantro Peanut Chutney, Homemade Yogurt, and Toasted Naan
Lava Cakes!
“Patience is bitter, but its fruit is sweet.”
Grapefruit detox smoothie
Shakshuka with toasted sourdough
doughnuts
Delicious Steak
Parmesan Wings!
Roasted pork shoulder with goat milk mashed potatoes and corn purée
Seared scallops, baked clams, stuffed crabs &amp; shrimp scampi
My new year’s ramen
SimSoDepToanQuoc.vn website mua bán sim số đẹp giá rẻ nhất Việt Nam chỉ từ 199K.
fbs demo account 2020
tuna Niçoise salad
Turkey Burgers Pressed with Sharp White Cheddar and Montreal Seasoning with Butter Lettuce
Stir fry before I added chicken and sauce. I am not one who gets giddy about food colors, but this was beautiful and delicious.
Indiana food banks distributed 84.8M pounds of food in 6 months. Here's how they did it. - IndyStar
Chicken Colombo
Peach cobbler
Hot and sour soup with sliced pork tenderloin
Grilled vegetable salad with spinach sweet potato, capsicum, and feta
Cucumber kimchi / 오이무침
Cheesy Tomato Pasta
Cilantro spiced cottage cheese in pomegranate sauce...
Pepperoni Pan Pizza
Oreo cheesecake cookies
A variety of my mum's organic tomatoes
Please have anyone used the platform before is real of bad 👎 please just let me know
One final video of Melania snubbing Donald Trump is doing the rounds - cosmopolitan.com
100 dolar sushis
Bramata with Balsamic-Roasted Veggies
Hummus
Creamy Mushroom Chicken
Onlyfans””
jambalaya (I think)
Prawn Nasi Goreng
vegetable fried rice, yakiniku pork
Fennel sausage and tenderstem broccoli Pizza
Chicken with Mushroom Sauce Experiment
French onion soup and Brussells sprouts
pho with spring rolls.
Spaghetti and Marinara
Red Velvet Cookies
Mediterranean Buffalo Chicken Pita
Oil-free chickpea &amp; pasta salad
Crab with a kick! Curried Enchiladas
air fried Cajun chicken burger
okinomiyaki was delicious
Date Squares | TASTEBUDS Ep.10
🍫☕️ It’s Officially Hot Chocolate Season 🍫☕️
quorn mince spaghetti bolognese
Pork Carnitas Taco
quick steak taco with fresh guacamole
Dochi Donut Rings
Sandwich jambon beurre
Hokaido dinner buns
Detroit Style Pizza’s
stupid easy Pan Pizza (added bacon, tomatoes, onion)

Christmas dinner - Porchetta
Antipasti of capicola, sopresatta, prosciutto, fontina, olives, arugula and cherry tomato
festive cheese and pickle pastry
Beef short ribs Tostadas
crepes for breakfast. Just sprinkle with some sugar, roll up, and eat
crinkle cookies and crinkle bb
chicken Alfredo.
a specialty Icelandic collection dish (more info in the comments)
Pancakes 🥞
Chimichurri
- Rainbow Crepe Cake
Amaretti with half almonds half walnuts
Silky Curry Sauce
Vietnamese beef noodle soup!
Attempt at  fried chicken
Spicy Salmon and Zucchini noodles
Combo instant noodles
2 Layer Confetti Cake
Mom is baking cakes again! Macaroons &amp; Small cupcakes are also made by her!
Chicken tendies and sweet chilli dipping sauce.
Pumpkin Seeds
When the TV is more important
American pancakes
Egg Sando and Drip Coffee
alfredo with spinach, grilled chicken, and konjac noodles
Frozen Theme Chocolate birthday cake for my daughter
3 Cheese Mac &amp; Cheese Topped with Smokey Pulled Pork
French Fruit Tart
Hot garlic Buffalo Wings!
5hr oven slow cooked red sauce
sausage jalapeno pizza
Chocolate bread roll. So easy. Anybody can...
Big Mac style smash burger
Spaghetti and Pancakes
Bacon Cheeseburger and Jojos
Steamed gai lan (Chinese broccoli) with oyster sauce &amp; fried shallots
Beyond Beef Burger with Chipotle Sauce
Sizzling Tofu
Bourbon peach pecan pie.
Stir fry with chicken sausage and veggie medley. White rice on the side.
Salmon, green onion and spicy mayo sushi
Fish
Palak peneer, basmati rice, flatbread.
Loaded Tots
single gal Valentines dinner ❤️
Denver Omelette with Toast
Fried Shrimp Po-boy (with remoulade and sriracha mint slaw)
4 seasons pizza
Chicken Parmesan. Turned out great!
Crispy onion pretzels
Shakshuka with homegrown tomatoes
-Turkey bacon cheeseburgers
Roasted chicken with parsley and lemon.
IRISH SODA BREAD with whole wheat by my little son
Among Us but a MUSIC VIDEO IN REAL LIFE (Impostor IQ 9,999,999%)
radicchio salad
my friends Oreo cake and it was delish :)
Saint Lucia Brioche Doughnuts
Pavlova! Every element is homemade: meringue base, whipped cream, lemon curd, and raspberry compote.
Stuffed whole chicken - made with Indian spices and stuffed with veggies &amp; boiled eggs
Artichoke Risotto
Chocolate Fruit Tart
Kveik sourdough bread
Cheese balls
Roasted turkey!
Roast lamb leg
افضل تطبيق راديو للاندرويد والايفون بدون انترنت 2021
apple pancake with peach
Huevos Ranchero
BBQ Tri Tip Pizza
, Suji Ka Halwa - #easy #quick #healthy #delicious
Sonic giveaway
flat iron steak with cheesy mash
Som Tam and Tom Kha Noodles with Shrimp

Korean Budae Jjigae
bao buns!
Gooey salted caramel brownies
Cookie butter &amp; biscoff rice crispies
a Danish hotdog
Fried eggplants with seasoned pork
Steak and sweet potatoes
Testing out the new bamboo steamer with lots of  veggie dumplings 🙃
Braised lamb shanks, creamy parm and chive mashed potatoes and crispy zucchini
Bibimbap
part II
Roasted salmon and salad
Maple Pecan Biscotti
Chicken, Dill, Parsley, Pasta
Caramel mudcake with caramilk buttercream (gerbras not edible)
Fried rice
lobster rolls with mac &amp; cheese
Inside and Out Grilled Chees (Cheddar and Dubliner)
French chocolate tart with brown butter crust
Fettuccine Pasta
King prawn keralan coconut curry with basmati rice, chapatti and a German West Coast style IPA.
Sautéed Linguine with chicken, pepper, chili oil and garlic
cod burger
Cabbage Roll Greek Recipe - Οι Λαχανοντολμαδες Της Πεθερας - Συνταγη Για Λαχανοντολμαδες Αυγολεμονο
Topside rump with a pepper/mushroom sauce, shiitake mushrooms and chips
Scrambled Eggs cooked with Spinach and topped with “Organic Ketchup” with a side of Mango Slices and Apple Slices
Pescatarian Breakfast Udon. Couldn’t find any good non-bacon recipes. Used Veggie crumbles w/ bulgogi sauce instead.
(and made) chicken Alfredo
, Pan Roasted Whole Fish with Olives
New Jersey Crumb Buns
sourdough (sliced version)
25 Year Old Balsamic finally onto bottling
Duck breast with bird conspmmé, root vegetables, huckleberries, and mushroom.
Pro tip for spaghetti
noodle soup in China
Huge Triple Chocolate Cookies!
Fried drumsticks
Maple Glaze Salmon + Broccoli
Shrimp Boil
Egg and Soldiers.
I made Shaker Meyer lemon pie with lemons off my tree.
how to create facebook page 2020
Japanese Cheesecake
|| Santiago's Bodega
Pretzel roll, blue cheese, Bavarian "Leberkaese", sauerkraut and sweet mustard sauce
GameStop sugar cookies
Smoked trout pie
Cashew brittle, fried shallots, and turkey gravy - Thanksgiving prep day 2 complete
Low Country Cajun Boil
Apple sauce without added sugar
Potstickers
Gallo pinto
vegetable Pad Thai
cake
Cheesecakes with Bacardi strawberry syrup
Chicken bbq and java rice
Greek inspired beef meatball bowls
Cajun Crab Chowder
Rustic bread with olives
"Bacon pancakes, makin' bacon pancakes. Take some bacon and I'll put it in a pancake. Bacon pancakes, that's what it's gonna make, Bacon pancakes!"
Shrimp Ceviche in green sauce
apricot galette
Baklava!
chicken wings in a honey, bbq and cranberry sauce with homemade wedges.
Chicken korma
We're from a small town in Texas, but we wanted to try our hand in hot pot.
confit duck hash with soft scrambled eggs, avocado, and sourdough
Birria with tacos, pinto beans, and squash with chilis.
BLT
kimchi stew and bulgogi style pork with lettuce to make wraps :)
Airfryer Meatballs
tacos/salsa/toppings
Glazed pork spare ribs with scalloped potatoes.
Burger buns with sourdough starter! Recipe by Joshua Weissman
Homegrown Radishes on Bread with Homemade Butter and salt
some locally made Truffles. Flavors in the comments!
Spicy Tuna/Salmon Poke Bowl
GOOD PHO YOUR SOUL | Little Miss Ha Season 1 Episode 3
Crossiant chicken and egg mix breakfast 😜
Today is Fettisdagen where in Sweden we celebrate by eating semlor, a white bun with almond paste and whip cream. It is my favourite dessert and this year I made them myself.
Double Down
Ham, Egg and Cheese Quesadilla
thai chicken salad with peanut satay sauce
Marlin Tostada
Soufflé Pancake with Fresh Strawberry Milk
Garbage Plate
creamy cake
NY Strip steak, Mushrooms and onions
Persian saffron chicken kabob with rice tahdig.
Choc chip cookies
Warm herby potato salad with roasted cabbage and Polish sausage
Pink Glow Pineapple
Shrimp Scampi with Gnocchi
Lina Tik eating JERRY( Tom and Jerry) ASMR Food Mukbang No Talk/Kluna Ti...
Braised Silken Tofu
Stuffing Waffle topped with Mashed Potatoes, Turkey, Cheese, Gravy, and Mushrooms
- Pork Hakka Noodles
Chicken and onion rotisserie.
Platter
Lamb burger with cheddar cheese and caramelized onions.
Roasted Butternut Squash Pizza
Crispy oven baked sweet &amp; spicy bbq chicken wings
I made scaccia. One broccoli rabe and sausage and the other is leek &amp; onion
spinach chickpea masala curry!!
honeycrisp apple tart
Crunch Wrap Supreme I saw here, check the comments. My version below.
Margarita Pizza with fresh home grown basil
Steak, potato latkes and string beans with grape tomatoes
Neoguri Noodles With Lots of Extras
Hot Honey Lemon Pepper wings
quiche.
Jalapeño cheese stuffed chicken breast, roasted broccoli and garlic mashed potatoes
Seared pork shoulder for pulled pork
Soft poached eggs with old bay
Finally got a perfect hello panda cookie of both types
Grapefruit Citrus Half Chicken
Bone-in Ribeye Steak with Burnt Scallion Compound Butter
Sausage Gravy and Biscuits for Sausage Gravy and Biscuits Day
Egg Mcmuffin w/ Hashbrowns
Thanksgiving with flank steak instead.
Wings done short to long times
American pancakes with whipped cream, butter and honey.
Smoked pork burnt ends in honey barbecue sauce
lofthouse cookies
Pasta Alla Norma
Calzones!
Meyer lemon tart
a scorpion in Beijing, China.
Strawberry gelato dark chocolate bar
Melt In Your Mouth Chicken and Greek Lemon Potatoes
Black olive and bacon pan pizza W/Detroit style char cheese crust.
Ramen with Konjac noodles
Made Prime Rib for my mother's birthday. She was a 20lb Beauty
Pear poached in red wine, hazelnuts crumble, lemon gel, and white chocolate mousse!
Broccoli, feta, bacon quiche.
Finally found a way to make keto nachos!
Paris-Brest
Greek Roast Lamb Shank w/ Potatoes
White chicken korma mini food
Surf &amp; Turf: Reverse seared filet mignon, w/ a spicy, cajun shrimp pasta
Who else is ready for Thanksgiving?? Apples and chestnuts for the fam 🍏
chinese steamed stuffed bun
three cheese ravioli with a butternut squash sauce, fried sage, and braised dandelion greens.
Omurice aka Omelette Rice with Shrimp!! Topped with ketchup and sriracha
Roast Beef Joint on a Sunday
Apple crumble pie
Yellow Corn Bread and Broccoli-Cheese Soup
Finally got around to making some  Ghee. I used to order it for the job and holy price tag. Decided to pull the trigger and make it myself for the family.
Cornmeal muffins
Pizza pie with stuffed crust
avocado toast, medium egg, and bacon
Oatmeal Chocolate Chip Cookies
Mediterranean dinner
PB&amp;J cookie! Peanut butter cookie filled with strawberry jam.
Osechi - Japanese New Years food
general Tso “chicken”
Asparagus and Mushroom Quiche
A handcrafted chocolate mouse
Crock pot ribs &amp; baked potatoes
UK-style buttermilk pancakes with bacon, black pudding, poached egg and a maple and smoky scotch glaze (for Shrove Tuesday)
King Crab with corn potatoes and eggs. so also had a season butter garlic sauce
Canned chilli extra meat
haianese chicken rice. Learned from youtube be nice lol
Sourdough Pizza Margherita
Homemade Porco Alentejana with deshelled clams
Cured and Applewood Smoked Maple Bourbon Bacon
Ombré Ube Rice Krispies Treats
Curry Ramen
Reverse seared ribeye
Chickpea curry and guacamole toast topped with onions.
Bhakri and Moong
Healthy lunch, rocket salad, grapes, pine nuts, mozzarella and pesto dressing...
Philly cheesesteaks tonight for dinner in honor of Pennsylvania
Taco
meals from different countries in February. I made some of them.
Chicken &amp; Beef Burger with chili Jam, Pulled pork fries topped with melted cheese and 4 fall off the bone chicken wings!
Spaghetti Tacos, Garlic Bread, &amp; Santa Maria Zucchini
Tikka masala with crispy rice and arugula
Butternut squash ravioli and lobster in a tomato and mushroom cream sauce
Squash purée &amp; sauté Squash and duck leg
Baked Chicken
Cookies for a custom order! Sugar cookie base sculpted to look like waffles and painted. Syrups and whipped cream are royal icing and the fruit is made of homemade fondant! (Pecans are real pecans lol!)
Jerusalem artichokes cappuccino
roast salmon in yoghurt and spices with couscous
Full Irish Fry
- pancakes with apples, sour cream and vanilla top
Ham, egg, and cheese on everything bagel sandweck!
Pizza
Mango Habanero Salsa (Organic)
Egg fettuccini with bolognese sauce
Buttermilk pancakes
BBQ Bacon Burger with Cheddar
brown rice congee
Officer under investigation following viral video of excessive force - Local News 8 - LocalNews8.com
Stuffed Shells
Potato Top Smoked Fish Pie
Key Lime Pie / Lime infused whipped cream
Biden invites Pence to inauguration, calls Trump ‘incompetent' and says it’s good he won't attend - CNBC
steak and egg
Hungarian Beef Goulash on Egg Noods
my  birthday cake
Spanish Sardines Pasta (wholemeal spaghetti) with Sun Dried Tomato and Chopped Olives
venison sausage fried in homemade corn dog batter.
Bone marrow as a side with my steak
French Macarons. Pistachio, vanilla, blueberry and ginormous pastry cream
pot roast sandwich Italian beef style on homemade bread
Pulled pork and coconut chicken tacos
Hostility between congressional Republicans and Democrats reaches new lows amid growing fears of violence - The Washington Post
I made seafood soup using Octopus, scallops, Squid, and shrimp! Made the broth with a homemade beatable stock combined with a tomato sauce I made.
Veg noodles with egg!
Mexican lasagne with al pastor pork, red Chile sauce, onion, jalapeño, and olives. Topped with a bit of Carolina reaper hot
Smoked Cornbread Dressing
My bf made me butter chicken . Naan made by hand❤️
Oven-roasted chicken
Apple Toffee Galette.
Premium But Vеrу Sіmрlе Banana Bread Rесіре Banana Bread іѕ a tуре оf brеаd made from mаѕhеd Bananas. It іѕ оftеn a mоіѕt, sweet, саkе-lіkе ԛuісk brеаd; hоwеvеr thеrе are some Banana Bread rесіреѕ that are so simple but they were premium.
you had me @ tacos
wholewheat Einkorn &amp; wholewheat spelt sourdough
Harrisa Chicken Tacos
BBQ pulled chicken nachos and the works
Pasta sauce and bruschetta.
Anise pizzelles
Fried turkey and stuffing waffles with gravy and cranberry sauce syrup.
Creamy Shrimp Alfredo Pasta
Thai Basil Turkey With Fried Egg
Homemade buns with vegan chickpea burger. Drink is banana peanut butter smoothie
Eggs and Toast! Not the prettiest thing ever, but I just learned to cook eggs last week or so. (Bread is GF bread as I have an intolerance).
Crunch Wrap Supremes
Vanilla and Matcha Green Tea Panna Cotta with carmel apple and berry toppings
steak With Vegetables and mashed potatoes
Baked Mac N Cheese with spinach and bacon.
Smoked Chicken and Ribs. Merry Christmas!
Chinese duck pancakes
First attempt at stuffed french toast, cream cheese and blueberries, stuffed in home baked bread
strawberry love
smoked ribs
Fluffy omelette for breakfast
sourdough pizza
Chocolate Pie with Pecans and Hazelnuts
kurobuta pork spare ribs
Coconut Chia Seed Pudding w/ Fig Butter
Bacon Cheeseburger with Grilled Cheese Buns
Pizza with Italian salami, fresh mocarella brushed with garlic olive oil.
sugar cookies in the shape of my cat.
Wagyu sirloin steak with mushroom cream sauce
Puff pastry spider with pesto and mozzarella
Bokkeumbap
Brie and Leek Yorkshire Pudding
Live Updates: Winter storm devastates Texas as power outages continue - CBS News
Pizza with pesto, pulled pork, red onions,kale, plum tomatoes, and jalapeños.
Anyone know what this is? I believe this photo is taken in Sweden.
Sakura Yukke ( さくらユッケ) in Osaka.
French toast casserole with pecan brown sugar topping
14 Hour Smoked Brisket perfection
Country scrambled eggs
Buffalo Cauliflower Tacos w/ Blue Cheese Slaw, Pickled Jalapeños + Radishes
Tilapia nuggets and oven-baked carrot fries
Grilled Fajita Chicken
Kongnamulguk-- Korean beansprout soup
Gyu-don style braised beef short ribs
I ate Giant asparagus!!
NY strip on grilled asiago bread with caramelized onion, calabrian chili, and a cheese sauce made with brie, provolone, Beechers flagship, gorgonzola, horseradish and whole mustard seeds.
Cheesy Chicken &amp; Broccoli Skillet Bake
Cheez Its and rosemary crackers
https://ift.tt/2YkWEfE
Brisket cooked on my charcoal BBQ
gluten free, deep fried, wings three ways.
sear then oven-finished steak
Salmon and Shrimp Ceasar Salad
fresh brioche buns x chicken sandwich
I finally have something reddit worthy! Egg in a nest with prosciutto, feta, and a side of apricot jam!
Espresso with almond cream, honey and cinnamon
omelet
Air Fried Lamb Kebabs
Latkes!!
White Chocolate Blueberry Cookies
Almond crusted chicken with mashed potatoes and asparagus.
Bacon sandwich with kimchi chives
duck liver mousse with financiers
4 cheese pasta with chicken, bacon, amd veggies.
Beef with mashed cauliflower
Baking powder biscuits in bacon greased cast iron pan.
Snap Covid lockdown ordered in Melbourne during Australian Open tennis - Times of India
smash burger with american cheese, mayo and lettuce.
Double smash burger with caramelized onions, bacon, and a touch of Japanese mayo on brioche. There are many like it but this one is mine.
Focaccia with garlic, rosemary, and red chili flakes
Chicken and Rice Soup in Homemade Sourdough Bread Bowl
Not So Chinese Chicken  Check It Out On My YouTube On My Profile.
Banana Peanut Butter Popsicles.
Steelhead trout pate on beef tallow baguette.
Duck confit eggs Benedict.
Patatas Bravas, Bacon-wrapped smokies w/ Brown Sugar, &amp; White Wine Marinated Steak
Big Chocolate Chip Cookies
Chili Ice Cream
Cornish hens with roasted vegetables
Potato gnocci, Roast beets, butternut, brussel sprouts, and sage brown butter with Shaved parmesan.
Chirashizushi
Portuguese traditional Bacalhau assado no forno
Brioche buns with sous vide and smoked pulled pork / coleslaw / oven fries
Egg salad on baguette
my GF made a quince parfait with a raspberry sauce
Lasagna with Beyond Meat Bolognese
BBQ beef with pickled red cabbage and vinegar cheese spread on sourdough brioche
Beef Qeema Easy BREAKFAST Recipe
Tonkotsu ramen
spaghetti sauce
My family and I made tamales for my birthday today!!
Thanksgiving Tiramisu
Claire Saffitz Malted "Forever" Brownies (Malted Brownies Recipe!)
Rigatoni &amp; Meatballs
General Tzo Shrimp
Pepperoni Pizza!
soft tacos
Is this instagram worthy -chicken noodles-
Typical weekend fry up for breakfast
Chargrilled Oysters!
Carrot and Lemon Cake
Classic American Dinner
Chocolate frosted yellow cake with raspberry filling
Chicken Chilli
Pizza Burgers
Fish soup
Coddled egg over potato purée w/ baguettes
A  hot mess
steak bibimbap for dinner
Fiery triple combo hotpot
Blueberry Jam
T-Bone steak
Rice and pearl
Thanksgiving dinner.
sourdough boule and batards
BUTTER COOKIES
Crispy-Skin Teriyaki Chicken Thigh with Noodles
Twice-smoked Sweet Potatoes
a moldy raspberry
Chaddar Garlic Soda Bread
Nutella Swiss Roll filled with walnut
Tuna
White Chocolate Chip and Hazelnuts Cookies
English Scones
Teriyaki fish spring roll with hickory smoked peanut sauce.
Vanilla cake and bownie layered with vanilla bean caramel crunch filling and vanilla caramel cake bombs.
lamb dopiaza with coriander chicken tikka.
Strawberries and Cream Cake
Quiche!
brisket
basa + broccoli on white rice
Milk Kefir
Kleicha (Iraqi cookies)
charcuterie
Mole Sauce with Shredded Chicken Breast and Spanish Rice
Sausage, eggs, biscuit, orange slice, and cherry
Curry Pakora
Chicken Balls
Prosciutto and Butter on Baguette
Shrimp &amp; Chicken Gyoza Ramen
Eggless chocolate pancakes
Frog cake
Thanksgiving Dinner!
Black Eyed Pea Salad. I ate some last night and it tasted amazing. Should be just as amazing today. It’s a great make ahead recipe.
pizza with mozzarella, blue cheese, parmesan and tomato
creme brule
Carne Asada tostados with kiwi guacamole
Scrambled Eggs mixed with Bread
Pork Tacos with Jalapeño Lime Sauce
Quesa-nomiyaki? Okonomi-dilla?
Butter/thyme/rosemary/garlic basted cast iron reverse seared ribeye
Steak, Kale, Mushrooms and Garlic
Pecan Wood Smoked Brisket
Bento
Fry Bread Taco
Beef Fillet with Cafe de Paris Butter on a Zuchinni Fritter
Brazo Gitano
Detroit style pizza
Made some simple but delicious cookies with my son today
Linzer Cookies for Eastet
A trio of 4” practice cakes
Crispy mushroom (Made by celebrity chef
Cast Iron skillet Pizza
Shortbread cookies
Fudge Brownies made with Oats
Fluffy, Sweet Peppermint Marshmallows
pastry cream filled brioche buns
Seared shrimp
I got a smoker for Christmas, how did my ribs turn out?
Triple layer pumpkin walnut, chocolate brownies topped with chocolate ganache.
Pot Roast with Garlic Mashed Potatoes and Carrots
salted pumpkin seed chocolate cupcakes
Lotus root and wood-ear mushrooms
Pre-baked ziti
lamb birra taco
Easy pear tarte tatin
Country Fried Chicken with Mashed Potatoes &amp; Green Beans
Sous Vide Tri-Tip
Ramen Negi's Red King
Filet Mignon, Sauteed Asparagus, And Cheesy Garlic Mashed Potatoes
Pav Bhaji from Pune, India
MYSORE BONDA
Traditional Assyrian pastry, Khada, made with a walnut paste filling
Chicken stock ramen
A bit skinny, but it was a good test run before the big show. Fried turkey!
Flour Tortillas
Crispy chicken thighs and roasted veggies!
Dark Chocolate Cake
Mini cheesecake
Anpan
(Home-made) Peter Luger bone in ribeye
Chocolate donut
Lasagne with long roast steak
Pumpkin pie 🎃 https://ilmondodellericette.altervista.org/blog/crostata-di-zucca/
Smash Burger with Cheese
Traditional Catalonian Paella
NIGERIAN PARTY JOLLOF RICE
Better Than Shake Shack Fried Chicken Sandwich 2.0 Recipe
sirloin steak cooked in garlic butter, with mash potatoes, asparagus, with a balsamic vinegar reduction.
Cerdo Adobado
Macaroni
AYCE Korean Grill
Tex-Mex Beef Short Ribs on the Grill with Mexican style Salsa
Jambalaya, shrimp salad, salmon, crab cakes, fried chicken wings and crayfish soup
Fermented and Dehydrated vegetables!
Cream Cheese, Spinach, and Crab stuffed Salmon and Shrimp on a bed of Crab Alfredo
Cooked Octopus
Marg Pizza
My dads amazing tasting lamb lollipops along with his amazing plating.
Breakfast tacos
Baked some sourdough pretzels!
Pork chop that grandma made for dinner
Chocolate Cupcakes with Vanilla Buttercream
Blueberry &amp; Strawberry muffins
Korean Wings (Joshua Weissman recipe)
Turon Langka
Chicken Penne with Apple Spinach Salad
Lemon, dill, brown sugar, and Sriracha smoked salmon
Chocolate Chip Walnut &amp; S’more Cookies
A cup of hot tea in cold weather
Jamaican Brown stew chicken, rices and beans, and plaintains
Chinese Dumplings (Potstickers)
eggs made with egg and extra egg for dipping. I like eggs
Home Made Pork Nachos, courtesy of the wifey!
Blackened pork loin with Spanish rice
Zuppa Inglese
smoked brisket with a mushroom powder rub.
More Gummies
Coconut Shrimp
How to bake a cheesecake
Copycat Panera bbq chicken salad.
baked lemon and raspberry cheesecake
French boule &amp; Kale, Bean, Chicken Soup on the Winter Day ❄️
Need help on a  recipe. Is this a Scotch bonnet pepper???
Challah Bread for the Challah Days
Caramel Slice
Piri-piri chicken with sweet potatoes, red onion and long stem broccoli
Bacon
BEC with hash browns
Homemade Salami Pizza, before and after cooking
Stuffed buns
Chocolate cake with chocolate mocha frosting and pecans on top
morocco eater called couscous
Custard Ice Cream
Eggs benny. One with ham and bacon, the other with lox and avocado, both over a toasted croissant. Using the eggs from my chickens makes the hollandaise insanely bright yellow!
Short rib and gravy
spicy miso carbonara with sautéed baby bok choy
Whataburger Vs Wendy’s
choclate cake
Coriander chicken, roast onions and potatoes plain rice
Strawberry Cake
Dragon noodles with dumplings
Cake Day ground venison and pork sausages
air fryer Chicken and Cheese taquitos
Mushroom cookies.
Lemon Coconut Slice
Beef Steak Sliced Pineapple Salad
Grilled Chicken Breast
Meat, dairy and other food distributed in South Greensburg - TribLIVE
Bibimbap with my very much cooked sunny side up egg
Mutton Rogan Josh | Authentic Kashmiri Style | ONLY with Yoghurt and Whole &amp; Ground spices
Şiş Köfte
Roast pork and apple salad with blackberry dressing
Leftover Ramen
T-bone, baked Mac &amp; cheese, and Jameson.
,Ăn 1-0-0 Among Us cho Bữa Sáng - ASMR KlunaTik Style/Mukbang sounds no t...
Pizza from with Daiya vegan cheese, mushrooms, red onion, suntan pepper, pickled Jalapenos
Lemon Tart with Torched Meringue
don’t got fancy plating but made some lemon pepper chicken and rice
malasadas (Hawaiian style doughnuts)!
S'more cookies
Eggs sunny side up, bacon and toast
Cinnamon Buns
Two types of enchiladas (chicken with red sauce and beef with green sauce), slow cooked black beans, mexi-rice, and a Caesar salad.
spicy garlic ramen
Sushi tray
Noodle Soup with egg and multiple toppings + gyoza
a non-traditional Cubano Samdwich
Italian dinner recipe, quick and healthy
One of the Cheese Boards ive prepared for Thanksgiving
slooow roasted spareribs with Spiceology rubs and finished under broiler to crisp up with cider and apples to stay moist.
Rosemary demi- glazed pork chops with roasted veggies and mash
Deli-sliced ribeye cheese steaks and crinkly fries (with honey mustard/sweet baby ray's)
Knockoff Starbucks Iced Lemon Loaf
Thick cut pork chops with roasted garlic
double chocolate chip cookies
Venison medallions with onions and mushrooms
Deep fried Zucchini flowers
Dutch oven cooked Pilau/polo.
Anupam Rasayan IPO opens for bidding: Should you subscribe? - Moneycontrol.com
Panko breaded chicken thigh in the air fryer with jasmine rice, and broccoli!
Moroccan Pastilla
Beef Tenderloin
Bacon
onion cheese bread
White Clam Pizza
Bretzel
Lobster Roll with Clam Chowda on my trip to Boston.
Southwest Steak Salad w/ chipotle ranch dressing
Smoked Venison Queso
Roasted Carrots
“It’s not much, but it’s honest work.” I got a present for you, this cream cheese bagel i ate this morning. But it costs one upvote unfortunately.
Baked rigatoni with lamb ragu
potato wedges
Sourdough grilled cheese
kimchi jjigae and barbeque style pork
12+ Hours to make a rich and creamy tonkatsu ramen. Totally worth it!
pepperoni pizza
14lbs of Orange, lemon and cardamom marmalade. This batch has been been dubbed ‘Joe and Kamala-lade’.
Tuna Noodle casserole
Brownies with White chocolate and peanut butter..
Double Brisket Burger
Poll on your opinion of Ham?
Cat Photoshoot!
Stock Market Live: Sensex dips 550 points, Nifty below 14,900
A monster truck made from marble cake with vanilla swiss meringue buttercream frosting. Local KT cookies with frosting for the wheels
Pumpkin cinnamon rolls with caramel icing
Key Lime Cheesecake
pan fried drumsticks on spinach cream sauce
Christmas Pinwheel Sugar Cookies
stuffed chicken wrapped with bacon
spicy fried chicken
Chicken Tikka Masala with Jasmine Rice
Smash Burger W/ Bacona nd Fried Onions
Taco Supreme
Beef Short Ribs
Bacon and cheddar melt on homemade bread
Mango Sticky Rice French Toast
I smoked the butt. She made the chili.
braided cardamom brioche
Basque burnt cheesecake with blueberry compote
Belgian Waffle
Nougat/torrone.
frenchdipsquares Pillsbury croissant, roast beef,mozzarella (or provolone) sauté onions and more Pillsberry croissant on top. Then dipped in a yummy beef au jus!!! Treat yourself carbs!!!!!
this is just some random broth I chucked together with some old stock from a pressure cook I did but...never done or heard of half cooking an egg on a pan then poaching it, turned out pretty well, yolk was still kinda runny and added to the flavour of the liquid
cheesy eggs over nacho potato hash
Cast-iron pizza pie
Turtles
Croquetas de Jamón serrano
Shrimp fried rice
Thai fish cakes with a dragonfruit spritz. Such a delicious pairing! (Hervey Bay, Australia)
Roasted Red Pepper &amp; Leek Pasta
Rotisserie Turkey
Deli sandwich
Pizza fries
Mozzarella
A Souvlaki Salad  for dinner from a😋
pizza waffles
Bit-Of-Everything Ramen
Bread grilled on a garlic olive oil, with a spicy homemade salsa marinated in Portobello wine, on top of a shredded, smoked and salted grilled ham. Basically a salsa toast.
Soft new potato curry (Aloo Dum)
gravlax salmon on buttered black bread
My painter dad making the soup looking like Edvard Munch's "the scream"
caramel pecan cheesecake😊 Delicious!!
Anniversary snack
a white pizza
I made 100  truffles.
Grilled Cheese (Infused Butter): White Wine Sauteed Crimini Mushrooms, White Aged Cheddar, Aged Crumbly Cheddar on homemade Einkorn Poolish Bread. Ceasar Salad (CBD Infused)
Bacon Cheddar Waffle with Creamy Grits
My first attempt at a chocolate babka...:)
Scrapple
Calzone
Rodney King video: 30 years later, beating by LAPD officers remains a seminal part of LA history - KABC-TV
mixed berry coulis
Smoked bone marrow tacos w/ avocado salad, corn tortillas, and roasted corn
My son made lunch today
Pork Belly Pad Thai
Roasted chicken in beer, Chicken salad and mashed potatoes
Neapolitan Pizza Margherita
Another, much more intimate photo with my Orange Chicken I made tonight.
shrimp &amp; cheddar grits with a poached egg
Apple cranberry blackberry crumble served whipped cream
100% No Flour  check Handmade Me youtube
T-Bone Steaks
Smoked Cheez-Its... Because why the hell not?
A half rack of ribs, Texas toast and fries.
Okonomiyaki in Hiroshima, Japan
mini monkey bread
Cranachan
garlic sausage ciabatta w/mozzarella, roast pepper, pickles, rocket, and spinach.
Cinnamon Toast Crunch Twister.
Sea bass ribs special.
Boba Milk Tea Snowy Mooncakes
Bacon and Parmesan Brussel Sprouts
Hot chicken
a very happy Naan
End of an Era
surf, earth, and turf
EGYPT FOOD
Bao Buns
Bao buns with grilled and caramelized pork fillings
Kebab Over Wood Coal
Clay pot rice! With shitake, Chinese sausage, chashu, and Chinese broccoli!!!
Pep and saug thin crust
Plymouth Roquefort Turkey Burger with a cranberry glaze and Roquefort blue cheese
Minapa Garelu Recipe in Telugu మినప గారెలు ని అమ్మ వారికి 8 వ రోజు ప్రసాదం నివేదించవచ్చు
Grilled mochi with roasted soybean powder and black sugar
Cream cheese stuffed monkey bread
GF Chocolate Cake
Banana, Strawberry, And Chocolate Ice cream
Oyster Rockefeller with Nova Scotian oysters
Gochujang salmon lettuce wraps
Chilaquiles verdes
VEGETARIAN SPICY TOP RAMEN MASALA INSTANT NOODLES
Sake Miso Yaki.
Honey Butter Chicken Biscuit
Immunity boosting 3 simple health drinks to prepare at home.
Recently bought a slow cooker with sous vide function. This is my second picanha steak cooked for 2h at 55°C for an even medium steak, later seared on a pan.
hey I know this might be the wrong community to post this in but I don’t know where else to go (read comments please)
Tteokbokki (spicy Korean rice cake) with brisket
Super crispy fried chicken!
"" Quick and easy my apple pie recipe
Filet on a cast iron skillet. It’s 30 degrees here.
Creste di Galli Pasta with Kale &amp; Pecan Pesto and Accordion Cut Zucchini
Chicken tortilla soup r&amp;d
charcuterie grazing box.
Korean style Gochujang wings
pepper jack burger.
Tagliatelle with shrimps in a spicy tomato sauce
Soft Shell Crab Hamburger
Wagyu scotch fillet, dry brined for a few hours, smoked with cherry wood and olive pip co. briquettes.
white chocolate and raisin biscuits
ribeye with my chipotle compound butter
Tiramisu 😋
Seared Salmon and Mushroom Risotto
delicious huevos rancheros I made for my family
Smoked Brisket (sliced and burnt ends) with black beans.
Korean marinated short ribs and kimchi
Escargot
baby back ribs, garlic and shiitake Gnocchi with fried sage, arugula and goat cheese beet salad.
Stop Motion - Vegetais Mistos Feitos De Moluscos (Caracóis, Minhocas, La...
femboy garfield
Because I was in managed isolation on my birthday, I ordered Korean Fried Chicken
I have been cooking around a month now for my partner, I recently discovered I love cooking! this is Mongolian beef on a bed of rice
Roti,egg with salami
Leche Flan
Thanksgiving turkey dinner!
Beef Bowl
‘Dangerous Stuff’: Hackers Tried to Poison Water Supply of Florida Town - The New York Times
Tres Leches Panna Cotta topped with a horchata sorbet and caramelized rice.
Pumpkin Chocolate Babka
Poke bowl
Meatball Hoagie
Chicken and bacon pasty
Shrimp and sausage cabbage
Brown butter chocolate chip cookies finished with Maldon sea salt
fluffy apricots roulade
a sushi burger
Butter Cake
Maple syrup and orange zest breakfast sausages with blueberry waffles
Mushroom quesadilla with black beans and bacon and Rice-a-Roni's Mexican style rice
big ass coffee dry rub tomahawks. Bottle of wine for scale
Banana Bread Cheesecake
Happy PB&amp;J Day! Have a cookie!
Peach Cherry Pie
boiled pork
Blueberry S’more Waffles
I microwaved 2 cups basmati rice &amp; 3 cups water for 18 minutes (covered with a plate) then stirred in 1 pound shredded cheddar cheese.
Salted Butter Recipe.
Thalassery Chicken Biryani
Beef sausage &amp; sweet potatoes
Katsu Curry Burger
I made chicken tarragon, roasted aubergine, sugar snap peas and baked potato
I made  corn muffins the other day. (Just used the cornbread recipe on the container)
Baigli cu nuca si mac
Guacamole
Hibachi
Christmas decorated cookies
Pork ribs in BBQ
Melt breakfast!!!
Mini cheesecake ( Plain, Oreo and Strawberry flavor)
Crispy and fluffy roast potatoes
Tomato salad with mozzarella and salami.
Jamaican jerk chicken with a mango glaze
Lemon chicken with Jasmine rice and baked asparagus.
A5 wagyu for Korean BBQ
- Roulades with red cabbage and dumplings, classic german dish
Portobello ravioli
California Burrito.
pork and red wine with pappardelle
Scotch Egg with mustard aioli
chicken popcorn
an angus burger in Florida
Vietnamese nem nuong (grilled pork sausage spring rolls
Ăn Hộp Cơm BENTO KINH DỊ cùng Lina Tik - ASMR eating food Mukbang sounds...
Beet root and goat cheese salad with rocket, walnut and vinegrette
Vietnamese mud crab on bed of egg noodles
Beef Burgundy
street taco
Lobster Risotto with Saffron and Peas
-basic biscuits, fried, covered with maple cream. Delish!
Honey Garlic chicken.
Garlic and Rosemary roast lamb
Lady Gaga Oreos
Southern Smothered Breakfast Burrito
Patty Melt
fried egg, meatballs, pita and sausages
...Sous vide turkey....then on the smoker
Broccoli and potato soup
Bacon, Egg &amp; Italian Spicy Sausage
Scotland finest // Battered Suausge // chips&amp;cheese
I made that feta-tomato pasta bake that I’ve seen online, but I added spinach and artichokes. Absolutely delicious.
darun fruit milk tea with strawberry boba
Reverse seared steak with Garlic mash
choco banana carrot cake
https://ift.tt/3oXI1KU
Gochujang Chicken Noodle Soup
Homemade Chile Relleno with Mexican rice &amp; frijoles charros.
Beef Empanadas
sous-vide ribeye!
Courtesan au Chocolat
I made fried eggs and spam over white rice with a side of kimchi.
45 day dry aged beef at Dave’s meat service Modesto, CA
hot dog in middle school
udon stir fry w/ shiitakes, leeks, and a garlic-gochujang sauce
Pizza Penne Pasta
Reverse Sear Ribeye
Bo Bia - Vietnamese spring roll with egg, Chinese sausage, jicama and basil
Hungarian Mushroom Soup with Sourdough Toast
Happy 🏈📺🎤🍗 Day Everyone!
Bolognese on fresh parpadelle
layered chicken marsala with spinach, mushroom, and mozzarella cheese. Sautéd cabbage on the side.
leftover crabstick sushi and spam and cheesy egg sushi
feta/mozzarella, spinach and passata on sourdough
Giant Cuban sandwich made from a sourdough boule
Indian 🍊
Caramel Apple French Toast
Made a Christmas charcuterie board!
Non traditional Cuban Sandwich
Hamburger steaks with an onion/mushroom gravy with sautéed onions, yellow squash and zucchini
Spaghetti alla puttanesca
Roasted Purple Cauliflower
crispy pork belly
Frittata
India to impose steep customs duty on solar cells, modules from April 2022 - Mint
Slow roasted rabbit with potatoes and carrots
this roast pork sandwich
Smashburgers on Hokkaido Buns and Turkey Pot Pie
Split pea soup with bacon
Bacon Wrapped Elote Hot Dogs
Turkey for Thanksgiving is overrated. Filet mignon is a much better option
Walnut-Toffee-Cookies with doublechoc
Jerk Shrimp with Rice
Okonomiyaki (Japanese Cabbage Pancake)
Roasted Cabbage &amp; Veg
Manhattan Clam Chowder
Cinnamon Rolls &amp; Matcha Rolls
Short rib gnocchi with poached eggs and gremolata bread crumbs
(Homemade) Roast chicken with gravy
Saint Honoré cakes.
Sourdough bread. A total of 14 days to make! Cultivating the sourdough starter is not quick, but it is interesting.
Paella!
Dom Pedro. Whether you prefer to call it Dom Pedro or Don Pedro, this South African 'adult milkshake' tastes amazing and after a couple you won't care much about the name! :)
Sloppy Joes
slow cooked chuck roast and sweet potato accompanied by a caesar (dukes mayo, mustard, olive oil, salt, pepper, lemon juice, anchovies, parmesan, soy sauce, minced garlic, parmesan crisps)
Pretzels and Beer Cheese dip
Ramen
Lasagna for Christmas Eve
Portuguese egg custard tart
Baked Chicken Breast with mushrooms and asparagus
Fudge! Dark chocolate and Kalua, peanut butter, and salted caramel.
Sourdough 8 grain loaf. 65%hydration
Berry cobbler
Chocolate Cake Pops
A Dobos pie
Oatmeal Chocolate Chip Cookies w/ Coconut Oil sub butter
cous cous salad with zesty almond dressing
Penne alla Vodka made with prosciutto.
Lemon French Toast
Graham Cake Glasses
Chocolate ganache cake
Garlic Butter Scallops over Asparagus and Mushroom Risotto
Gyudon using leftover rice and beef scraps
Steamed Mussels in White Wine Garlic Butter Broth
A Classic Cheeseburger
Greek Chicken Platter
FRUIT
Woman goes viral for 'amazing' mouth-acting impressions video - shropshirestar.com
Dragon Roll
Crispy Baked Salmon
Hot and Numbing Crispy Fried Duck
NYC Pizza
What's in an adjective? 'Democrat Party' label on the rise - The Associated Press
Lupin-Enriched Foods - They Help Regulate Blood Sugar Levels
AMAZING Louisiana Crawfish Boil A Fire Pit - (SECRET INGREDIENT)
S’more with Raspberries
No-Blow Torch Creme Brûlée
Fried Shredded Meat
smash burger in/out style
https://ift.tt/2O5Yr6s
Nashville Style Hot Chicken and homemade coleslaw
dried tomato-spinach risotto with fresh cress and grated Parmesan on top
Prime rib, garlic masked potatoes, creamed pearl onions, and asparagus
no peek chicken
New York Strip with Mushrooms and Egg, Brussel Sprouts, and (home-warmed) Macaroni
Taco Bell-Style Crunchwrap Supreme.
Gimmari, or fried japchae rolls.
Penne alla vodka
Tiramisu sponge cake
we call it Vanille Kipferl in Germany
Bizcocho de frutas del bosque
Pappardelle with spiced lamb ragu
Gordon Ramsay's beef Wellington
Shrimp &amp; grits
Traditional Chopped Cheese Sandwich
French Chicken Casserole
poke (all day every day)
Pesto mussels and garlic bread with mozzarella cheese.
Tan Tan chicken ramen.
Butterscotch brownie topped with a puff of silky Italian meringue buttercream!
Saturday morning breakfast ~ Scrambled eggs, link sausage, hash browns with onion and bacon 🥓. Made by my son. Last night he hit a deer 🦌 with my car. 😣😩 I think he’s apologizing. 🧐
strawberries
charcuterie board my dad made for dinner tonight
Beef stew mise en place
Hawaiian Pork Hash
Belarusian New Years Dinner
A Dry Aged New York Strip with Mashed Potatoes and Celery
- I never get tired of cooking Hamburgers like this
Chick beans, potatoe beef cury tomatoes chatani, naan and salad.
Albany Food Readers Book Club on a steady diet of good titles - The Daily Gazette
How many Pcs of Freezer Bags in one pack will you prefer to buy ?
Japanese style grilled pork rice bowl (Butadon)
small 50% Whole Wheat Sourdough loaf
Asiago bagels
Pastel de Nata cake
red velvet cheesecake brownie
I ate a very delightful cauliflower crust homemade pizza. Mmmmmmm....
these 'gulaab jaaman' my mom made. a common desert in pakistan
avocado toast
chili-Lime Peanut sauce noodles with Chicken
Mayak Eggs (Korean "Drug" Eggs)
Cuban sandwich with triple citrus mojo roast pork, prosciutto, and a pickle yellow mustard relish
for her class my daughter and I made chocolate cupcakes with raspberry buttercream frosting for Valentine’s Day
Afghani chicken with mint rice. Turned out amazing!
tostada de nopales
Chicken Vegetable Stew
Chicken Tikka Masala w/ Naan
Burnt Basque Pumpkin Cheesecake - A healthier Cheesecake with Fresh Pumpkin
steamed flounder and stir fried lobster with green beans and rice
Hungarian Gulyásleves (Goulashsoup)
cranberry and stuffing with turkey for christmas dinner.
avocado on toasted rye
Froed Chicken Sandwich
Pot roast French dip with sautéed onions, portabella, and jalapeños
Mirror glazed white chocolate raspberry mousse entremet
Lump Crab Cakes
A perfect Slice for a Shameless Chocoholic
Made Toshikoshi Soba for our NYE Dinner. It is the traditional dish to eat in Japan to bring in the new year with the long noodle denoting the crossing from one year to the next
Maultaschen
Cast iron strip steak with potatoes and avocado
Smoked Brisket Pot Pie (before adding the top crust)
Indian North-Indian Platter : 3 Desserts, 6 Accompaniments for Chapatis, 2 Chutneys and 4 Light Snacks.
Chocolate Cake.
Home baked sourdough with homemade Gruyere and homegrown tomato
Siu mai dim sum
Three bean bison chili
Avocado toast with red pepper flakes, olive oil drizzle, and a splash of lemon juice
Salmon Burger, white rice, and mixed vegetables
fresh pasta with truffles
Steak Nachos
Chicken Katsu Curry with Kimchi and Rice
Extra Marinara please!!
- Fig, goat cheese, macadamia, butter lettuce, white balsamic,olive oil and honey
tabasco and dark chocolate ice cream
Whipped up some chicken parm “bites” with some leftover ingredients
Pork Tenderloin Glazed with Quince, Sherry and Thyme and Parsnip Mustard Puree
Porkchop and Creamy Mac
Cottage Cheese and Green Peas
Flower Bouquet ( One of these things is not like the other )
Chicken Corn Soup Recipe Chinese ""
Hash Brown Crusted Frittata with Sausage, Jalapeños, Shallots and Cheddar
Taco Bell's discontinued grilled steak taco and enchirtios
"Boerenkool met worst", Dutch kale mash with smoked pork sausage. The piccalilli is homemade as well
Gochujang wings (inspired by a recent post here)
Duck breast, beans, roasted carrots and a red wine sauce
Brown Butter Chocolate Chip Cookies
Field Roast Stuffed "Turkey"
Honey Garlic Stir-Fried Chicken over Chow Mein
Vanilla Macarons
New Year’s Eve Burger
ALOO PARATHA IN INDIAN STREET  | Aloo Paratha Recipe Street Style
Chicken Yakisoba
Restaurant style paneer 65
Smoked Pork Ribs
Christmas feast. Merry Christmas.
this delicious poutine when I visited a year ago in Montreal
Pork Dumplings!
omlette with creamy spinach and mashed potatoes
Spinach gomaae with rice and roasted pumpkin
Chicken Teriyaki w/ broccoli and white rice.
Teriyaki chicken over shrimp fried rice.
Balsamic glazed duck, mashed cauliflower, kohlrabi fries and parmesan asparagus...broken hollandaise too!
cooky

Did you know that we are made up of atoms and eat atoms so are technically cannibals
Fudgey Brownies and Chewy Brownies
Stuffed bell peppers with avocado chunks
S'mores Cupcake
Miso Ramen w/Extra Chashu
Miso Matcha Millionaire's Shortbread
Lukken
Chocolate Orange Marble Bundt Cake
Spatchcocked air fried whole chicken
Chicken Sunday Dinner with all the trimmings
Crazy Chef | BÁNH MỲ NƯỚNG VỚI NGUYÊN LIỆU ĐỀU LÀ HÀNG HIỆU | Stop Motio...
full size pizza bagels
Smoked Salmon Salad with Dill Dressing
Vegan Buddha bowl
5 hour roasted chicken after a 3 day, multi-stage marinade
Thai Chicken Larb salad with Coriander (cilantro), Thai basil, Vietnamese mint, Mint, Cucumber, Green papaya and Chili/Lime/Palm sugar and Fish sauce dressing
Parmigiano Reggiano aged 10.5 years tasting
My family Thanksgiving, all made by me except Seafood Combo and Turducken
Slow-cooked steak tacos, molcajete salsa, &amp; guacamole.
Korean skirt steak, w/ asparagus, &amp; quinoa/brown rice medley.
"Los Dos" Tacos
Fetuccini with Pasta Sauce and Scallions
Butterzopf
Roasted Brussel sprouts and Bacon!
hotpot!
Breaded VA Tidewater oysters, masa harina porridge, lemon thyme.
Red cooked pork belly
Turkey Burger with roasted veggies and tortilla chips.
Moules frites.
Cheese soup with Croutons.
Smoked brisket &amp; baked beans.
Majestic veggie stir fry
Chocolate Cake
Roasted Brussel Sprouts with balsamic, almonds and of course bacon.
Ziti and Cheddar Garlic Bread
Hummus for breakfast (Abu Hassan, Tel Aviv)
Valentine's Dinner, I made Filet Mignon with Mushroom Wine Cream Sauce, Roasted Asparagus and Sweet Potatoe Puree.
Boneless rib salad
sauv blanc and butter sautéed langoustines
Oven steak fries.
Donuts!
Lemon pound cake with lemon glaze
GET A $5000 WALMART GIFT CARD FOR FREE
whole wheat bread topped with a homemade lemon curd &amp; black coffee to wash it down. My BF’s favorite breakfast.
Salami pizza
Steak, oven roasted Brussel sprouts, and potatoes au gratia
chocolate chip cookies
Pork loin, Pumkin and Sweet Potato Puree, Roasted Vegetables, and Bordelaise Sauce.
shake Shack Hot Chicken Cheeseburger.
Big plate chicken. Our traditional food (uyghur) with handmade noodle.
https://ift.tt/2Y4SuID
Goat Biryani
Croque Madame
Victoria sponge cake stuffed with fresh strawberries and cream
Bacon Wrapped Jalapeño Poppers
French toast brioche with bacon, scrambled egg, cheese and maple syrup
spicy sweet chilli &amp; soy chicken w/ sticky rice
Second attempt of trying to do  makizushi/ onigiri (plate was my birthday gift)
Teriyaki Beef Bowl
What Does the Future of Food Mean for Your Eating Habits? Plenty. - The Beet
Raspberry Pie
Pandan Coconut Milk Bread
basen bread
Madras curry blooming onions, NY strip, caper shallot lemon butter, spicy aioli
What do you think about pork belly on stick?
Papa John's Festive Pizza
gingerbread cookies
Cheese, bacon and omelette burger
stuffed bell peppers
Long-cooked Bolognese Sauce
Smoked Venison/Pork Sausage
Sour cream and chive rolls
indomie with spam, greens, and sunny side up
Pumpkin vanilla cupcakes with whipped cream
Tomato sauce &amp; garlic bread
here u go. has c oooki e
Seared Asparagus, Grapefruit &amp; Caper Hollandaise, Pickled Red Onion, Chicken Cracklin’ &amp; Parmesan Cheese.
Vegetable Stew
Falafel and Tzatziki Sauce
Swedish kolbulle is a pancake with porkbelly made over open fire served with lingonberry
tarte à la rhubarbe with almond crust and low fat and sugar
Roman Style Pizza
vegan miso ramen
A special Thanksgiving
Cinnamon rolls.
Prosciutto pizza baked on an oven steel
Kare kare
Avocado Curry
Korean Fried Chicken Bao
Smothered Double Wide Burrito
bang bang shrimp protein bowl
Roasted sirloin w/ veg and baked potatoes
Bibim jjolmyeon &amp; mandu
delicious brownie and cappuccino
Double smash burger with dill pickles and pickled red onions
Chili Dogs
Mom's spaghetti
gnocchi bolognese
stuffed cabbage, pierogi, kielbasa, and sauerkraut
Glazed beef rib
Cheesepies In Minute-Recipe For Cheesepies Without Phyllo Dough
Im really bad at cooking but i made some burgers and im really proud of myself :)
Nacho bean burger with egg, pepperoni and Camembert
Pork Chops in Bacon-Cider Sauce
a Brownie raffole with vanille ice cream and caramel.
flash fried salt, pepper, garlic wings
Chicken filet
carne asada with mushrooms
Mushroom Bites
Chicken in a garlic mushroom cream sauce with garlic mashed potatoes.
Shack Stack
Puff pastry pizza twists! Egg wash makes it look great. “Recipe” in comments.
breakfast taquitos
Fruit Grilled Chicken | Orange - Watermelon - Grapes Recipes | VCM Cooking
Mille-fuellis
BREAD PIZZA WITH  PIZZA SAUCE. CHECK IT OUT!!!!👇🥵
Spicy Sweet Pork Sambal Noodles
Toast with soot
central asian liver bbq
Crusty Artisan Bread
Savory Thanksgiving Leftover Stuffing Waffles
Tri-tip and Esquites
potato pancakes
horse meal😮
All you can eat Seafood buffet!!! Unlimited Lobsters was our favourite
Breaded chicken cutlet, mac and cheese with homemade sauce and Jalapeno bacon cream cheese egg rolls
One Rice Krispies Treat (Gluten free)
šurlice and Brudet with palenta
Sourdough pizza with roe, pickled red onion, chanterelles, sour cream, dill and lemon
Bay Area food banks see demand skyrocket in 2020 as new families seek help amid COVID-19 - KGO-TV
sourdough with ancient grain n kelp salt mix
Pineapple chicken teriyaki bowls
Chilaquiles with a fried egg
Bûche de noël
! Leave honest reviews! Just started!
Chicken &amp; Sausage Gumbo
Paneer and Gobi 65 wrap. Mushroom rice, korma curry sauce with cucumber and mint raita
Grazing box made today full of our delicious goodies
Blueberry, goat cheese, &amp; Graham cracker ice cream.
Oklahoma style cheeseburger subs
Smoked Lamb Shoulder
Bacon, egg and cheese McMuffin
Butter chicken and fresh naan
Braised pork shoulder with mashed potatoes, reduced sauce. Glaced shallots and carrots on the side.
Marmelatlı Kurabiye
Broccoli, spinach and green bean burger with provolone and tomato.
Japanese Curry Rice
Not bad I guess
Shrimp Mozambique with Asparagus
Smoked ham mac &amp; cheese
Hedgehog cookies
PB&amp;J
Mini Oreo Cheesecakes
Oven baked Salmon with dill and lemon creme fraiche
chicken wontons last night ! still can’t get over that ginger soy sauce ! pls enjoy the cute cherry bowl as well 🥰🥟🍒
$2 fresh North Pacific oysters
Brunch to celebrate results
Calories in 12 fl oz(s) of Starbucks Double Shot Coffee &amp; Protien Drink.
I made this for my kids
Mahi-mahi fish and chips with raspberry habanero tartar sauce
Used some brioche buns I had made earlier today to make a burger! Also with bread and butter pickles, truffle aioli, and gureyer!
grapefruit cream ice cream, with grapefruit curd swirl
Millionaires shortbread
Korean fried chicken and Gua Bao
Chocolate Peppermint Cupcakes.
Sunday night dinner
Mashed potatoes
Vapa
7 Things to Know About the NASA Rover About to Land on Mars - Jet Propulsion Laboratory
Roast turkey
Chrizo burger with chips
a homemade muffuletta
Bronuts (buttermilk biscuit doughnuts)
BBQ Pulled Pork Sandwich with Coleslaw, Spicy Jalapeno Cornbread with Hot Honey Drizzle, and BBQ Ranch Style Baked Beans
Cake day cake i made for myself and all of you sorting by new, please enjoy a slice
12 hour smoked brisket. Salt and pepper rub.
creme brulee
Alton Brown Apple Pie. Pie Bird Included.
Pumpkin Bundt Cakes with Candied Walnuts and Candied Pepitas
Now these are adorable! I’d say these are the perfect  #halloween cookies!
Caveman Ribeye!
Decorated Ginger Bread Cookies
oxtail ramen
Leftover Pie
Smashed Burgers are the best beef burgers
BBQBhuja &amp; Blu Cheese Turkey Croissant.
Pinkypie cake
Gnocchi with fresh tomato and pesto sauces
Chicken and Bacon Skewers in Smokey BBQ and Paprika Sauce
chili soup
Ground Chicken and Veggie Pasta with Garlic Naan Bread
Fast &amp; Furious watch/cook-along night 1. Dishes from movie locations
Chicken with kale greens
Perfect Upma
Hot Dog with hoops
Hot and sour soup
5 layer cake covered with dual-coloured mirror glaze plus macarons to top-off
Gnocchi in Browned Butter Sauce
Crispy Chicken Wings
Cassava Cake topped with caramelized sugar!
Pumpkin blondies and pumpkin snickerdoodles
3 day lasagna - day 1 brisket and sausage ragu, day 2 fresh noodles, assembly and bake, day 3 fresh tomato sauce and 2nd bake per piece to get maximum crispy edges. merry christmas y’all!
loaded baked potato soup on an extremely cold, blizzard filled day
double layared chocolate cake with extra chocolate icing, it looks a little messy but it was delicious*
Blackened Tilapia with Shrimp Etouffe. Feeding lineman in Louisiana. Well received meal.
Kids wanted pizza, SO wanted breakfast for dinner.
wood grilled beau soleil oysters with giardiniera butter
Caramilk cronut
Herb crusted rack of lam, coin cut Parmesan potatoes and beans.
Beef with Onion and Bell Peppers
Khachapuri
Steak with Potato and Tomatos

Nacho Table!!!!!!
Masala Paneer Burger and Fries
whipped cream with hot chocolate.
Cow Catwalk Viral Video: Cow Walks Like a Model in Middle of The Road, Amuses The Internet | Watch - India.com
Grilled Flank Steak, Guacamole, Roasted Tomatillo &amp; Jalapeno Salsa, &amp; Refried Beans
Balmoral Chicken
Đặt gà cúng tại Phú Nhuận Quận 1 Quận 3 Gà ta loại 1 giao tận nơi.
Re Gan Mian (热干面) or Hot Dry Noodles
Maple Cream Pie w/bacon
Blueberry chocolate chunk pancakes
smoked pork, coleslaw, homemade sesame seed bun
Chocolat crème with raspberry
Successful pizza crust!
Seared Cod filet over Linguine in mint buttersauce
Liver cake
Rosemary Sourdough Toast with Toppings
Korean short rib breakfast tacos. Sorry for breaking so many rules.
Pasta with black truffle
Korean Spicy Wings
...
Braised Short Ribs, Crisp Onions, Whipped Potatoes
a delicious cheesecake
Birria tacos (quesatacos)
Ravindra Jadeja ruled out of Test series against England - The Indian Express
My date made a charcuterie board for us.
Pepperjack-cheese with bread, topped with turkey meatballs and mozzarella.
Omelette
(homemade) Flank Steak Tacos
pistachio crescent style buns
Venison Big Mac Egg Rolls
fresh corn, fesh tomato, cream and shrimp on cavatappi noodles. Pretty yummy.
Martha Stewart Chocolate recipes for V-Day! 😍
Seafood Paella Dish
hu tieu
gingerbread house
My grandma  mooncakes 🥮 I just love her so much 🥰🙏🌻❤️✨
top view of my  chocolate chip cookie cake
Beef brisket, pork burnt ends, creamed spinach, cornbread, and onion rings
Smoked Pork Tacos with Pickled Radishes and Handmade Tortillas
Chicken Shoyu Ramen
Ground Beef Bulgogi
Pasta broccoli
How to make Punjabi Chole Bhature. Flavorful Chickpea Curry Gravy . Vegan High Protein Recipe 🌱🦁
weekly fish box from my local fish provider
Morning after Steak and Eggs
SIMPLEST "WORLD'S BEST" TADKE WALI MAGGI
Apple Cinnamon Oat Pancakes with Peanut Butter and Maple Syrup
I ate Garbage plate curly fries
No Knead Bread with Cranberries &amp; Walnuts
Grilled shrimp and pan-fried spinach stuffed gnocchi
hot roast beef sandwiches served with tomato bacon jam
Halo Top Style Low-Calorie Protein Ice Cream
Wild Blueberry Protein Pancakes
Before the pandemic......Life was Great
Turkey pho
Lamb burgers with jalapeño mint jelly and fennel on homemade brioche buns
Grilled flank steak Tacos with oyster mushrooms, peppers, queso oaxaca, cilantro, red onion and chipotle Aioli.
A try at a meat pie. Chicken Masala pot pie from Action Bronson’s cook book.
Dry Fruit &amp; Puffed Rice Sweet dish
Egg Bomb Kimbap
Ceviche 🐠
Software Behind The ‘Cat Lawyer’ Viral Video Has Bedeviled Webcam Users For Years - Forbes
South Indian (Tamil Nadu) style chicken biryani
My husband; The Pancake King
Surf and turf.
Cottage Pie!
Beef Wellington
mini chocolate cream pies
Japanese milk buns, Calabrian chili, bacon, Gouda and scramble eggs!
Duck
Tuscan White Bean, Kale &amp; Chicken Soup
rotisserie chicken on the grill
Five Nut Mooncake
Taiwanese XXL Fried Chicken with Long French Fries
Coriander pork chops with pan sauce served with rice
Cup of Acqua, by me
Beef, Pepperoni, and Green Pepper Pizza
Fresh Pumpkin Cheesecake
Just I fried up some Mac and cheese just now
Potato Skins!
Classic chicken curry with some toast.  with love.
paneer sticks
"" a homemade kfc double down!
Turkey Avocado Club Sandwich
Noodles with shrimp
Teriyaki chicken, enoki mushrooms &amp; pickled ginger
4L Chicken Stock + Drippings
The Smash Burger Experience
Ground turkey chili
Vegetarian Sushi :)
Beefless Ramen
Baked alaska
Fish tacos with mango salsa
Who likes crispy donuts
Chicken Pho
Alfredo linguini with mozzarella, sundried tomato and basil stuffed chicken breast.
Focaccia
Christmas theme cupcakes
Biscotti for mum
Oatmeal chocolate chip cream pies.
eggs in purgatory
French Macarons
Salmon with asparagus
fried spring roll
New York Strip Roast, sous vide/reverse seared
😹Hot dog egg vaginas
crispy chicken salad
Charcuterie Cheese Board
Fish tacos with pico, burnt jalapeño and scallion crema, and avocado
Cheese bacon pasta
tom kha soup
Creamy fruit salad
A hot bowl of noodles.
Food insecurity increasing in NELA - KNOE
VEGGIE RAMEN! 😍
Takoyaki and the nearby mess necessary to make them
this guy is more active than i'll ever be
Herbs and Spices
Kung Pao Chicken.
this brownies which are made by me. How's it?
Fried Egg Over Rice and Soy Sauce Breakfast
Spaghetti Alla Carbonara
Cinnamon Rolls with cream cheese frosting.
pumpkin pie from fresh pumpkin
Geode Macarons!
GF biscuits &amp; sausage gravy
Black Garlic Fettuccini Alfredo.
Eggplant Potato Pepper Coconut Fry|వంకాయ బంగాల దుంప వేపుడు|Home Kitchen Holland|India
chicken parm + baby broccoli
Italian Robiola Cheese (cow milk, goat milk, and sheep milk)
Beef Bourguignon
Making Crispy Chicken Wings at home without Deep Frying
Garden Focaccia
Mediterranean garlic and herb crusted roasted sardines
Bacon cheeseburger on freshly baked brioche bun with a vinegar slaw
Non-fondant red velvet cake with “extra eggs on the side” and an actual 15-hour shoyu ramen.
Our Christmas tradition is fried chicken sandwiches.
homemade mole for my birthday and it was delicious
Sour-dough bun with home made burger, vegan smokey mayo, sour pickles and double fried fries.
Duck Breast with Blackberry Sauce
Duck breast with vegetables
Mediterranean chickpea bowls
Ribeye stake filled croissant
Roasted okra.
The real german schnitzel from Nordhorn, Germany
Pan seared pork chops with sweet and sour pepper and onions
Christmas Crinkle Cookie!
American Pancakes.
Butternut Squash Gnocchi in Herby Brown Butter
Alaskan king crab legs and ribeye for our Christmas Eve dinner, with my 13 year olds gaze of approval
Simple Salade
Carne asada tacos! Recipe in comments!
Tonkotsu and Dashi Ramen
Name things that explode on you in the microwave and has frozen and burning hot sections spread out in it.
Falafel and tahini sauce
Mexican themed baby shower for my daughter-in-law
Panda Express Copycat Sweetfire Chicken and Honey Walnut Shrimp
Nashville Hot Chicken Sandwich
Sautéed ox brain with butter, salt and pepper
Cranberry Pop Tarts for Christmas
Basic Breakfast: Toasted baguette pieces topped with mashed avocados, cherry tomatoes and lettuce stems (i wanted to add smthng crunchy to it but i dislike the taste of onion so went with this). Last but not least season with salt &amp; pepper.
mango roasted 4 pepper aka “tropical heat” hot sauce
Yule Log/ Bûche de Noël.
Mushroom, Bacon, and Shrimp Cheddar Grits
Burrito with Ground Beef!
Wontons in chili oil
Smoked pork bierock bun
Garlic honey glazed salmon
Norwegian Waffles kinda day.
Good Ol' Chicken and Rice
Bouchyar Moroccan recipe ""
Cabbage tacos with guac and mango salsa (AIP friendly)
Fish tacos
Pork medallions with mashed potatoes, green beans, and mushroom cream sauce
I love making wood fire pizza
Vollaile de Bresse cooked on Champagne
Chrismas Turkey
little pancake balls
dragon fruit
Mojo lime skirt steak, and Hasselback gratin.
Froggy cake
Peri Peri spatchcock chicken.
Vegetable soup with spring roll
Hilarious to awful: Titanic's alternate ending video goes viral, people react - Hindustan Times
Apfelkuchen
Impossible Burger on pretzel bun with Cajun fries
pizzaaa
caramelized onion &amp; honey-walnut goat cheese burger with lemon-Dijon aioli &amp; spinach
How to make tasty Eggless Baked Spiced Goat Yogurt?
Breakfast Nachos
Heart-shaped crispy taters and a french omelette
chicken noodle soup and grilled cheese
Sweet and savoury, crunch snack to munch on!
Koobideh with Persian Salad
Cheese Burgers!
Roast Pheasant: 2020-Style
kebab
smoked sesame-seed encrusted ahi tuna and avocado on black Russian brodinskiy bread, garnished with fresh mint, sliced onion, and everything bagel seasoning
Chilli con "carne", guacamole and rice
Mini cheesecake trio
shells and white cheddar
pizza bbq pulled pork
Risotto Balls
Ceviche de huachinango and coctel de camaron. Thought I’d post a little summer food to brighten the dark days of fall. Fresh, ripe tomato is an underrated ingredient in these dishes.
cannellini beans with kale, garlic, and shaved Parmesan
Lazy cake day spread!
Florentine tomahawk, Italian chef in Singapore
Full English Breakfast
Cheddar Shepherd's Pie
Smoked Prime Rib
Taylor Ham, Egg and Cheese Sandwich
Gordon Ramsey's Beef Wellington
Valentine' Day Dinner - steak with blue cheese compound butter, sauteed cremins mushrooms, crispy onion strings, and creamy smashed potatoes
Pollo En Crema, Fiambre, Mixta, Guacamole, Tortilla
Charred Green Onion, Roasted Pepper, &amp; Red Wine Meat Sauce Baked Ziti finished w/ Fresh Mozzarella
Sriracha glazed fried chicken wings.
sourdough with ancient grains and kelp salt mix
Nồi hầm xương 100L sử dụng trong công đoạn đầu tiên của bếp về chế biến nước dùng ninh hầm xương cho các món bún phở. Mức độ thực hiện tỷ mỉ và tốn rất nhiều thời gian đã chứng tỏ nó quan trọng thế nào trong nấu bún phở.
Maple Pecan Pie
Made  wings!
Double cheeseburger, with caramelised onions, homemade brioche burger buns and triple cooked chips.
eggs Benedict with smoked salmon and avocado. It was delicious.
Old Croc Extra Sharp Cheddar and Dill Rubbed Fontina mac and cheese
Le Barchette Pasta
Gnocchi with butternut squash (roasted and puréed), tenderstem broccoli, honey roasted butternut seeds &amp; marinated pork loin with a garlic and honey sauce!
Burgers on homemade sourdough brioche buns
lamb kofta
Butternut squash, gorgonzola &amp; parmesan lasagne with spinach &amp; sage in a white sauce
Chocolate Macarons! My fourth attempt at making them 😊 love the challenge
Made a croque Madame a while ago
Applewood smoked turkey. Happy Thanksgrilling!
Ceviche, w/ avocado, peanut butter, lime, dill mustard
The last piece of tonight’s turkey pot pie.
https://ift.tt/2YXyJmL
Breakfast ramen
chuck steak with roasted potatoes
A super healthy sandwich with fresh sweet cabbage, tomato, red onion, and carrots in a mayo, schezwan and sriracha sauce.
Cranberry Sauce Recipe
Scallop, lacto-fermented tomato Vinaigrette, red pepper coulis
Paneer pulao
Grilled Three Cheese with Tomato Basil Soup and an Arugula Salad
Amazing food my br0ther made recipie in description ;)
Brazilian cheese breads by Gusto Brazil (pic=jalapeno flavor)
Scotch Eggs
Eggs Benedict w/lime hollandaise &amp; paprika potatoes.
Chicken breast and salad.
Breakfast Ingredients for a good day
sushi bake
Home raised quail eggs.
Brined butter-baked pumpkin seeds
Just found some mold in my salsa tartufata (after  from it). Am I f**ked?
Poke Bowl
Shrimp!
Some freshly smoked bacon in 3 flavors. BBQ rub, Cajun, and peppered.
Breaded chicken with Parmesan/sage/black pepper sauce, sautéed onions, garlic green beans and mashed potatoes
Made a marble orange chocolate snowflake cake. Added some powdered sugar for winter effect, but it was devoured before i could make that picture.
Fig, Parma ham and soft goat’s cheese with rocket (arugula), balsamic glaze and olive oil.
Sea bream with crazy water
Two ice cream sandwiches stacked on top of each other
German Fare
Tanghulu over strawberries, blueberries and cucumber. Advice wanted in comments
Burrito with spiced basmati rice, french beans, peas, carrots, paprika/pepper, vegan mince on pea protein base, salad, spices, halit salt, long pepper
Apple Crumb Bread
Smoked pork belly
chicken breast cooked on a pan with sun dried tomatoes and basil and a killer sauce. It was beyond good.
yellow cake with chocolate frosting and buttercream sunflowers
chocolate chip cookies 🍪
Deconstructed Famous Bowl (with garlic green beans)
fish shaped flan
Smoked Baked Beans
Fluffy dough homemade pizza
Pepperoni, pineapple, jalapeno pizza
Pac-Man Pumpkin and Squash Soup
GF made me a Samoa Cheesecake that I had seen someone post to reddit before, so good!
Oven baked Eggroll
Election Day Feast. Maryland Blue Crabs:)
Chocolate Macarons! Only took four times to perfect haha!
Rueben Sandwich with Mustard instead of Russian Dressing
Chocolate Chip Cookies
Here have some vegetable sandwiches
Spicy pulled lamb shoulder, garlic potatoes, roasted peppers, chillies and minted slaw.
Creamy Tomato Basil Soup
The preserved eggs It turns out that the chefs added such things
Russian breakfast for my birthday- rye bread, Olivier salad, Korean carrots, cold cuts, pickles, Russian mustard, Russian Mayo and tarragon soda.
Banana cream pie with vanilla wafer crust
Bacon-Tomato sweet drip jam
Tom kha gai, rice and marinated cucumber salad
Buffalo Chicken Ranch loaded baked potato.
incredible handmade tacos
Mussels in garlic, shallot cream sauce
Pesto Fettuccine with grilled chicken
Burger buns made with my sourdough starter
Best Food Video
chocolate molten lava cake with vanilla icecream, whipped cream, and salted caramel ganache
Reddit says it’s a special day, so only fitting i post a cake today
Sometimes you need a fresh veggie platter in your life
Gyoza with wings
30 Minutes "Ramen"
Shepherd's Pie
Mango Layer Cake with Blueberries
Deep Dish Pizza
Chocolate cake, Salted caramel buttercream icing, topped with salted caramel sauce, and honeycomb.
Banana bread waffles with bacon and egg sidecar
Texas-style 5 Pepper Chili with Bell, Poblano, Jalapeño, Habanero, &amp; Carolina Reaper
Whipped cream and peach cake roll
Sausages in puff pastry, filled with cheese and topped with sesame seeds.
Tasting History's Pumpion Pie.
dessert decor - marzipan
Caviar on a McDonald's Hash Brown
Grilled Curry Pork Chop with Cosmic Crisp Mushrooms
crunch wrap
USDA Prime NY Strip and Skirt, Paired w/ a Carmelized Sweet Potato
Lunch... Deadpool approved!
Pizza with Pepperoni, Zucchini and green chilis (peperoni lombardi)
Sesame Seed Challah!
Hotdogs, root vegetables and garlic Mayo
chicken wontons in a cute bowl ! 🥰🥟🍒
Sausage Casserole.
Cauliflower “Mac” and Cheese
The Bet It All On Black Garlic Burger
Sous vide filet mignon‘s with béarnaise sauce and chive potatoes. 🤤🤤
Store brought tortelloni with corn, cream, garlic butter, cheese and seasoning. It’s really basic but fancy for me since I usually don’t add anything
AUNTIE REENA 1 HAND COOKING BEST EGG FRIED RICE VEEDEEO
Lemon smoked chicken is ready!
Deep dish pizza and beer (not home made). But the tomatoes are.
Cincinnati style chili
Mantis shrimp Rigatoni and Prawn Salad
German food | red cabbage with salt-potatos and parsley
this raclette cheese.
Peri peri chicken. Pan fried Brussels sprouts. Turmeric rice.
Corn dog with banana milk
lobster tail, baked potato and oyster’s
Hakka Chilli Chicken
16oz ribeye and 6oz Maine Lobster Tail
Chicken tikka masala with garlic naan
I made chocolate ganache macaron
Puff pastry with caramilk
Ceviche with this Black Rockfish I caught.
Italian Hot Chocolate and Peppermint Marshmallows
Prawn and Basil Risotto with Sun-Dried Tomatoes and Mascarpone
Sun Dried Tomato Skillet Chicken
Bacon and fried eggs with quinoa &amp; melted feta. Topped with Cholula.
Three Way Antiguan Lamb
NY style bagels: plain and everything.
Cinnamon rolls with cardamom.
mini banana oatmeal loaf
MARKET LIVE: Sensex zooms 350 points, tests 49k
Scrambled eggs with smoked salmon on toast.
Tik Tok Tortilla Wrap
Charcuterie Board
Cookie Dough Cake
Roast duck, hand cut fries, dehydrated tomatoes, and sprouts finished with St Germain liqueur.
My beef Wellington
cinnamon sugar apple fritters
Peppers and beans burgers with Tzatziki sauce and side spinach
Scallop and Broccolini Risotto
Vegan Pozole
hot Italian sausage, rigatoni,pasta sauce and. Eggplant. Garlic bread not homemade
Pizza fritta (pizza prajita)""
Well  Churrasco Flank Steak with Chimichurri, and Tostones with Guacamole
chicken and chorizo stew big batch
Triple Chocolate Cheesecake
Gorditas de azúcar w/ butter and hot cocoa
Ravioli stuffed lasagna with provolone and bocconcini infused vegetable sauce
Barbecue
Snow Crab with Cheddar &amp; Havarti Nachos. Fresh parsley and green onion.
Spicy Double Cheeseburger
Rosemary steak with oven roasted vegetable and kale salad.
Pizza with Sucuk and jalapenos. Made on Stone
I’m an up and coming child chef I know
Arancini
Chicken burger 🍔
pepperoni, mushroom &amp; green pepper pizza 🍕
Roasted peppers and olives pizza with merkén
Florentine tomahawk steak (Italian chef, Singapore)
Braised Oxtail &amp; Spaghetti
chicken 🐔 noodle soup 🍲
Bacon, over easy egg &amp; American cheese on a leftover biscuit
Turkey &amp; Cheese Stromboli
Air-fryer Korean Chicken Wings :))
Beef rouladen, kartoffelkloesse, rotkohl, and gravy
Reverse Seared Tomohawk Steak
"" TABBOULEH the English version
Bottom roast was a success!
Sweet potato and cauliflower tacos
Mini Chocolate Tarts
What’s News Today: Housing study, food distribution - WSLS 10
Steak and garlic potatoes
Fried egg on toast w/fried tomato, spring onion, and basil.
Mummy apple pie!
Waffle
Red Lentil Dal
Cupuaçu cheesecake
Breakfast Bacon
Vegan protein pancakes
25 spice vegetarian biryani with fried paneer and papad
Instant Pot Kerala Style Dal Curry
eggnog cake
One loaf for myself, one to give away to a friend :)
Grazing table for a Christmas party!
One-Bowl Vegan Chocolate Cake
Dulce de leche cortada 🇨🇺 Sweetened curdled milk. 2 cups milk, 1/2 cup sugar, 2 cinnamon sticks, 1/2 lime, 2 lime peels, 1 tsp vanilla
Pumpkin Vanilla Swirl Ice Cream.
Crispy Cream Puffs
Cobb salad
pretzel buns for lamb burgers
Christmas dinner, all three protein, fiber, and carbs
Double.Cheeseburger.
Steak, Potatoes, and Carrots
Caprese with homegrown basil
T-Bone steak
2019's crayfish boil was fun (art about local spelling discrempacies)
swordfish with mango
Montreal smoked meat sandwiches
Pork belly, soy egg, pickled onions, bok choy. Great dinner!!!!
Risotto with Finferli (chanterelles) and Italian white wine 🔝
cacio e Pepe with tomatoes and filet
white pizza with roma tomatoes garlic olive oil and basil
Baby back ribs, cornbread and coleslaw!
HOT CHOCOLATE BOMB recipe
An Garda Síochána bust out dance moves in viral video - Irish Examiner
carrot cake w cinnamon cream cheese frosting
New York Strip Hash &amp; Eggs
pumpkin beer battered chicken, red smashed potatoes, stuffing spiced Belgian waffle, drizzled with a bourbon maple syrup gravy
Caramelized onion and egg skillet
Scallop and black pudding / blood sausage breakfast roll
Fried Chicken Biscuit with honey-sriracha aioli. The patty was huge and crispy. Let the fast-food giants have their chicken wars. For me, the battle has been won.
Hawaiian Huli Huli Wings
Houston Faces Dire Water Issues as Power Outages, Cold Push Texans To Their Limits | The Weather Channel - Articles from The Weather Channel | weather.com - The Weather Channel
Bacon Jam
Stir Fry w/ jalepenos, bell peppers, onions, garlic, pepper, salt and ground turkey.
Tartiflette and salad
Desserts from every letter of the alphabet (work in progress)
My version of fish sauce chicken wings ala Smoking Goat in Shoreditch, London
Steak with garlic shrimp and asparagus
Brazilian pão de queijo (cheesy bread)  Holiday season ginger snaps
https://ift.tt/39XocNy
Smoked Coffee Rubbed Brisket
Thanksgiving without my family this year, I think I did pretty well. :)
sweet potato skins.
cheese pizza w/ fresh pineapple
I saw this food video on Youtube and i find it very attractive . As a foodie , i think i should share it with all of you food LoversNewly-appointed Bulandshahr Congress chief removed after his video abusing Sonia Gandhi goes viral - Times Now
Caprese Salad with Homemade Mozzarella
Dino nuggies
Linzer Torte
Panang curry with seared ribeye
Mac n Cheese Pizza
Barbecue platter - chicken in date honey and Baharat, charred Romanesco cauliflower in Zaatar and caramelized figs with goat cheese and rum
Bosnian Tufahije
Queso Dip with a Pork Rind
Punjabi style missi roti Recipe
My initial attempt at cooking pipis! White wine, onion, garlic, ginger, parsley and chilli sauce with cream S&amp;P, with bread to soak up the leftover sauce. So delicious will make this again
Made a rib roast today.
Ebiyaki
Finally Nailed Homemade Pizza
Thai Red Curry with Vegetables
New Food App Idea to Help People Learn About and Order New Cultural Foods - Looking for Beta Testers or Anyone Interested! Please check out our video and comment or sign up if you're interested!
Choco-walnut cookies
Homemade Cajun bacon, kale, and shiitake quiche topped with our Smoked Red Savina hot sauce. House arugula salad with homemade Caesar dressing.
Egg Biryani
Orange Chili Chicken with Jasmine Rice
Mixed vegetables with abalone slices, Szechuan spicy minced pork with eggplants
Made ratatouille at home. Turned out really nice.
S'mores Christmas Crack
Vietnamese Beef Noodle Soup
christmassy apple and strawberry skillet pie
Split Dog: split a deep fried corndog, added melted pepper jack, spicy chipotle mayo, deep fried bacon. (stick removed so I could use it to poke the doubters)
beef noodle soup
fried chicken sandwich
shroom and swiss burger
Shakshuka and pita bread
strawberry shortcake
hostess cupcakes
Cinnamon and carob molasses brioche loaf.
Grilled lamb chops with mint chimichurri, roasted corn and zucchini couscous salad with walnuts and mint

Instant Noodles / Shin Ramyun Danke an Fine Buddha / German
Cambodian style hot pot called “Yah Hon”
Tonka Purin
Fish, potato, carrots, mushrooms, coconut milk, veggie broth, garam masala, parsley
Chipotle Style Chicken Burrito Bowl (minus rice)
Dum Aloo (baby tots) Biryani, Raita &amp; Thumps Up!
My own version of Poffins from Pokemon! Choux puffs with lemon, spinach, raspberry, and scotch bonnet whipped cream fillings
steaks for my family. (Only that yellow because of flash)
Egg Lox bagel sandwich
gulab jamun
Argentinian wood fire-grilled lamb served with asparagus and garlic truffle mushroom risotto
carpaccio with a small salad and sheep cheese
1/2 Lb Buffalo Blue cheese burger, with fried onion strings.
Ménage à Trois Marmalade
chocolate chip / walnut &amp; CC cookies
Smoked Pecan Pie!! (With whiskey added to the pecans)
Long drawn milled oats with almond milk and wild blueberry compote
Foccacia loaf burger with mac and cheese
- Rice, lentils, mashed potatoes, fried herby chicken dumplings &amp; salad.
#Sweet #Dessert SAHI TUKDA
Potatoes, avocado, egg and a crab cake
Delicious swwet.
Firecracker chicken wings with sticky rice
7 Easy Dragon Fruit Recipes
caramel pecan cheesecake from magnolia bakery!
prawn toast
Best Indian Food in Des Moines
seafood pad see ew
hot dog egg vaginas
Breakfast sandwiches, American and Havarti cheese, cooked turkey slice, egg over easy, and bacon
Mason Jar Salads
yogurt and added dark chocolate granola with frozen fruit and fresh Banana.
Baklava Topped Mascarpone Cheesecake
6-layer Russian honey cake is the perfect fall dessert.
Spice Cured Hamachi Salad
leek and potato soup
Ribeye
When your white hubby makes better songpyeon than you...
Baked Cornish Game Hen
Tomahawk steak and Japanese A5 Wagyu beef from Miyazaki prefecture
s'mores ice cream rolls after making them for our latest video.
Lemon pepper tilapia, Mashed potatoes, and garlic brussel sprouts
Youth Shares Stunt Video of Doing Push-Ups on Moving Car, UP Police Rewards Him With Challan| Watch Viral Vid - India.com
Chinese pork, prawn and chive dumplings boiled in the prawn stock, served witht Lao Gan Ma crispy Chili sauce and ginger, sesame oil and Zhe Jiang red vinegar dipping sauce
Strawberry Rhubarb Pie
24 inch dog chili dog with bacon and jalapeños
breakfast for my picky eaters. Turkey scrambled eggs + Bacon over toast w oven roasted potatoes &amp; Breakfast tacos w homefries
Standing pork rib roast
Apple and pecan wood smoked trout (2 hours into cook)
potato hash
pasta pesto with tomatoes.
Cream Biscuits
Birthday cake with pistachios and chocolate ganache
Moroccan Pita Bread Batbout
7kg home cooked turkey, tested 27-28/min, to get the ideal tenderness
Peep this Pizza!
Beer ‘n’ Broccoli Cheeze Soup with Smoked Paprika Crotons
Focaccia Bread with Rosemary, Parmesan, Black Olive, and Smoked Salt
Levain Bakery Copycat Walnut Chocolate Chip Cookies
Some of my best pizza crust yet!
biscuits.
Cinnamon buns, made them for the first time in my life.
spicy chicken sandwich with chipotle Mayo and potato wedges
Minnesota TikTok Doc on going viral and educating the masses online - FOX 9
Sirloin Steak with Tiger Bite Sauce
Beautiful eye fillet
Migas breakfast tacos with pimento cheese
the burger emoji
Completely random brunch plate : Deviled eggs topped with olives, cucumber with balsamic reduction, peaches, almonds, and a sheep’s milk truffle cheese on crackers
Trippa Fiorentina
Cheesed eggs with mushrooms on english muffin
rare? Steak basted with garlic butter, air fried potatoes with Morton season-all, and garlic butter green beans.
Mascarpone &amp; Cream Cheese Stuffed French Toast
Ninjabread
Beef Wellington w/ Asparagus and Potatoes
double smash burger
made some bacon cheeseburger egg rolls in my air fryer with a homemade burger to go with it... came out great!
Long burger with garlic bread for a bun.

baked jalapeño poppers
Milk chocolate/lemon iced cake slices
Glutinous rice balls I made
calf meatloaf and mashed potatoes with mascarpone
Homemade Italian meatballs and spaghetti.
Orange peel bear

Chicken Parmigiana with Fettuccine and Garlic Texas Toast
halloumi and smashed avacado on a muffin
Pootareku and Goru Meeti
Epic Omelette
Meal Prep Sunday
Gado gado
Shakshukka
French loaf with basil and cheese cream with parsley
Venison loin medallions in a shallot,mushroom ,mustard ,venison stock sauce
Cast iron pan pizza
porterhouse steak
Make The Ultimate Tandoori Chicken
enchiladas, beans and rice!
mac and cheese
Carnitas, fry bread, and rice (did not make the beans)
Stuffed Chicken Thighs with Honey Glazed Brussel Sprouts
Grilled steak fajitas with grilled corn on top
cheesy tteokbokki and Kimbap
pulled pork sandwich
Penne Arrabbiata (re-upload)
classic French apple pie
BBQ Banh mi
Loaded Fries
Grilled tofu and pineapple kebab.
chocolate cake with raspberry mirror glaze
Deep Fried Strips of King Salmon and Red Snapper with Chapati and Red Onions in Vinegar
Mini Victoria Sponges
Turkey Pot Pie
beef ribs
Chiffon Cake
Carbonara with homemade bacon
Scallop, shrimp, spinach, garlic and sun dried tomatoes in a white wine cream sauce with spaghetti.
ramen!
Roasted rack of lamb, golden potatoes and Brussels sprouts w/ mint jelly
strawberry donuts
Lasange and garlic bread
We are a communication agency. This is a photo of  pasta with meat sauce. Like it? 🔥🇮🇹
Meatball Night has been a resounding success.
Slutty Brownies
4 steak tacos, a crepe with nutella, banana, and candied walnuts, and a pineapple Jarritos.
Instant Pot Thanksgiving Cranberry Sauce!
Hand-pulled Noodles in Spicy Beef Soup
Chicken Dumplings
Fried egg, country sausage, and garlic rosemary homefries
spicy ramen
Taro Paste sandwich
snickers cake with salted caramel buttercream
Sirloin Steak with Cafe de Paris Butter, Roasted Potatoes tossed in Parmesan and Parsley served with Bacon Wrapped Asparagus
Ravioli al’ Uovo w/ chanterelles, crab and mushroom cream sauce
Loaded Nachos
Yaki Udon
Keto Sweet Potato Souffle
Small-town Quebec Poutine.. extra curds.
Hubei Hot Dry Noodles 热干面
Biscoff Millionaires
Turmeric Rice Buddha Bowl
Extra Topping; Just imagen the taste: last night
Pasta with garlic, tomato, fresh basil and mozarela
Japanese curry with steak, rice, and broccoli
Baked garlic and Parmesan fries
turkey and stuffing
I  cheeburger
pranutbutter squares drizzeled in milk chocolate.
Squash poutine
Cheese Pork Cutlet | Littlechef's Korean Cheese Katsu
Ombré Citrus Lemon Bars with Brown Butter Shortbread Crust
Braised beef pot roast
Meringue and raspberry cake.
Libyan dish that goes by the name of Rooshda. Is basically like pasta but spicy and lots of soup
This is a delicious dish i recommend you to try!
this looks so good
pizza- I’ve been trying and trying and I think I’ve finally got it.
8 Kеtо Dіеt Mуthѕ and Fасtѕ: What Yоu Want tо Knоw Althоugh thе соnvеrѕаtіоn аbоut the Kеtо Dіеt іѕ wіdеѕрrеаd, mаnу реорlе nonetheless fіnd it difficult tо tеll whаt is fасt оr fісtіоn.
S’mores cheesecake
surf &amp; turf tacos
Mmmm, delicious!!
Michael Scott Pretzel
Pumpkin seeds in salt.
Sushi
Soy and Garlic Chicken with Yellow Fried Rice
Reverse-seared steak with béarnaise sauce and garlic-rosemary potatoes
Creme Caramel!
Pasta al Limone w/ Scallops
Donburi Spicy Mayo Chicken Topped with Japanese Egg Salad
Summer Rolls!
50/50 brown rice quinoa veggie fried rice
Filet with Roast Potatoes and Brussels. Dinner for Two
Apple wood smoked baby back ribs
german soft pretzels
Pavlova with Swiss Meringue Buttercream
, Rose dessert
Homemade pizza
Pico de Gallo and Shrimp Tacos
oreo shake at urbanbird cafe &amp; bar. This shake is amazing and very delicious. Do you want to try it?
Individual quiche. Bacon, spring onion, tomato, mushroom and peppers.
Classic Italian Meatballs/ Marinara sauce
Indian sweet dish(payasam) prepared by veeksha baby
Reuben Sandwich
Red Velvet Bubble Waffle with American Soft Serve and Cream topped with Banana and Nutella
Red Velvet Mocha Cupcakes with Cream Cheese Whipped Cream Icing
- I baked chocolate chip cookies for my oldest sibling today.
Some amazing Sushi!
Grilled lobster
Nshima with meat recipe
Boston Dynamics' robots bust a move in new viral video, Elon Musk takes notice - Fox Business
Midwestern Chili Mac topped with fresh Wisconsin Cheese Curds
making tri tip in the oven
My tuna tartare
Everything + Salt Bagels
Help, what is wrong with my orange, it’s not orange although it was having an orange peel, rather it’s a clementine what
Matcha, Sesame, Strawberry, Oreo, Mocha, Taro Donuts and Bubble Tea
prime rib with stuffing, potatoes, roasted garlic, and carrots.
Tomato Soup and Sourdough Grill Cheeses
Chicken Lollis.
cheese flatbread
Sous vide crispy skin salmon with a brussels sprout and kale salad over a carrot puree.
(kind of) yesterday's KFC becomes today's 'English' breakfast
Chicken Vegetable Pizza
shortbread cookies
Caprese Salad
Char-Spookery Board
grilled vegetable quiche and salad
homemade Puerto Rican rice and chicken
salted caramel cake
Mac n cheese on an edible Parmesan crisp spoon
chicken soup with egg noodles
Tarte Tatin
Philly cheesesteak
Dry brined and smoked Salmon, avocado, capers, and parsley/chive cream cheese bagels.
Creamy chicken with broccoli, corn and cheese
curry udon with beef hot pot slices
Paqui Fiery chip....is it hot? or just another way to get you to buy the chips...Lets find out on todays review 🤪
Fried Rice!
EASIEST CHOCOLATE CAKE RECIPE | how to make a cake
very delicious 🍤 🍲
Chocolate peanut butter pie
Box of chocolate truffles for Valentine's day
Eggplant curry
Get free food by responding
I've been putting off bottling these for a while. After 6 months these bad boys are ready to go.
Teriyaki Pineapple Bowl
Vanilla cupcakes (eggless)
Nashville Hot Chicken Mac and Cheese with Garlic Bread
Ramen Bowl
Chicken and Rice Soup
Smash burgers with pickled peppers.
Crawfish Boil
I’m a mail carrier and this sweetheart is one of the best parts of my day! We have been friends since 2012. I love him! :D
Netizens troll Imran Khan after video of his doppelganger goes viral - WION
Tomato poached fish with Chile oil
Spinach &amp; Artichoke dip with cucumbers
misir wot
Pavlova : meringue, Chantilly cream, berries.
New year sugar cookies
Coconut Buns
Crusty Sourdough
Chicken Souvlaki over Salad
Flax Granola
Pork Fried Rice
Spicy Cuban black beans and Henhouse IPA
BIRTHDAY RAMEN 🍜
Gluten Free Mac-N-Cheess
charcuterie board. I thought it was pretty good for a starter
Crispy, bacon fat roasted brussel sprouts.
apple cinnamon bread
Sage, garlic and rosemary marinated rack of lamb, pea puree, balsamic glazed beetroot, pommes dauphinois and red wine sauce
30 day dry aged ribeye...
I am a Chef who is bringing nice Awesome recipes for you..Pls like, Subscribe
Steak.
Kimchi Fries with spicy pork. My favorite treat when visiting Austin, TX. From Chil’antro.
5-Layer Cookie Box Brownie Cheesecake
Chicago style pizza
chirashi-don
Run of the Mill Sticky Pork Belly (Tasty.Co Recipe)
Three meat Italian sandwich
Ramen with pork belly, marinated eggs, and black garlic oil
Zebra Cake
carrot cake with cream cheese frosting
Pumpkin Spiced Cake with Cream Cheese Frosting
Strata. Leftover yeast rolls, chorizo, sofrito, dill, and sharp cheddar.
Comfort dessert, apple crisp for a cold Sunday night.
Barbacoa braised pork country ribs
Cheese pizza!
Sicilian Ragu on Tagliatelle
Italian Pizza, Lasagna, Butter Chicken, Lasagna, Tandoori Chicken, Pozole, Paella..... World food count down on the occasion of World Food Day
Salmon udon nabe I made in hotel while I am working the field.
Steak and ale pie
New viral video of baby Anushrut, the kid who hates to cut his hair, breaks internet one more time - Watch - Zee News
Plum Galette
Pork schnitzel, spätzle, red cabbage (lingonberries from Tirol Austria)
Shahi paneer
Butter Chicken, Basmati Rice, Naan
Hazelnut Lingonberry Linzer Cookies
brown butter banana bread with chocolate chunks
Salted caramel apple pie with bacon fat crust
Pork Crackling
How to make Masala Dosa Hotel Style Masala Dosa Recipe by Yummy Food Recipe""
Sourdough experiment: Jalapeño Cheddar! Savoury and just the slightest bit hot
Fried Sauce w. Handmade Noodles (ZhaJiangMian)
Keto Chicken Nuggets
Thanksgiving leftover egg rolls dipped in gravy!
Kraken Rum Cake
Reuben dip
Steak Sandwiches w/Fries
Thai Pork and Holy Basil with Fried Egg
Korean bibimbap
cheese cake
Taco Tuesday
bucatini Carbonara
Gogi Bowl - Seoul Taco, St. Louis, MO
Katsu Curry
Jasper Hill Winnimere and Kagoshima A5 Ribeye.
Beef Stew with homemade bread
Green Colour Wheel Macarons
Chicken parmesan
Nutella triple threat ( original recipe )
Food lovers must watch this COOKING COMPILATION 😻
Ruffle Chips with Truffle Aioli
Solar System Cake
For someone that never has made a pizza before this is not a bad effort
"Italian Style" Chaturice Board!
Noodle Stir-fry a Great Way to use up Leftover Veggies in the fridge
- Tuna carpaccio
Pho (forgot the meatball before the pic)
Onion Smash Burger with Animal Style Sauce
half jalapeño, Roma tomato, onion and half onion, Roma tomato
Scrambled egg breakfast nachos
Tortilla warmed up on a Comal
Margherita and wild mushroom truffle pizza
My aunts soup
Hot dogs with cheeses and yellow capsicums
Salmon with beans - tips for nicer plating?
What Paratha made by Khan, 10 very Quickly
Individual charcuterie “boxes” for a gathering
Christmas dessert box I made for a few close friends. A little bit of everything
Mango Habanero Buffalo Wings
Brazilian Carrot Cake
Fish...
Chicken dinner pies
Excavation themed chocolate fudge cake
Buckwheat, wholemeal Emmer n wholemeal Spelt sourdough
Indonesian Dengdeng with Tempeh goreng and Sambal Pedas
Seared steak and green beans with potato cakes.
Squirrel Pot Pie
Cauliflower Zucchini Soup with Seared Chorizo
Sea Salt Chocolate Chip Cookies
Scallops over lemon mushroom risotto
Scrambled Eggs
Parmesan Crusted Chicken over Pesto Pasta with Sundried Tomatoes and Toasted Pine Nuts
Potjie - a South African style of stew in cast iron pot over coals. This was thai chicken green curry.
Shredded Chicken Enchiladas with mild New Mexican Hatch Green Chilies
Double Smoked Apricot Whiskey Torch Glazed Ham
Food And Beverages Global Market Report 2021: COVID 19 Impact and Recovery to 2030 - Yahoo Finance
Red Velvet Yule Log with Cream Cheese Frosting
Israeli roasted chicken thigh with cardamom rice
Goat Curry
Asian Lettuce Wraps
Fried Chicken Sandwich on Homemade Hokkaido Milk Bread Bun
Loaded Pierogis with my own Ghost Pepper Powder
vegan breakfast: tortillas with scrambled “eggs” made from silken tofu, nutritional yeast, salt, and olive oil.
Suaves Tacos de chorizo y papa y pollo
Turkish Dessert and Coffee
Pizza stuffed chicken
Yellow Cake
Had some fun with chocolate mousse leftovers, some red fruits and pistacchio crumble.
lamb shank confit. 2 hours 105°C, 2 hours 120°C, 2 hours 130°C, 2 hours 140°C.
I used to amuse myself by leaving fake hazard signs around the office.
Cherry, apple, chocolate-banana marmalade, pecan, matcha, pecan and lemon-lime pie
Garlic chicken and rice.
pizza for dinner
Birria de Res Consomé tacos.
Poke on the pier
How to make a "" patato Chip's in seconds
yaki udon
Chocolate Caramel Banana Pudding Pie
Smoked Burgers w/homemade milk buns and oven baked onion rings
Matar Pulao Recipe
Mushroom Paella
'No regrets': Evangelicals and other faith leaders still support Trump after deadly US Capitol attack - USA TODAY
Charcuterie at the beach
grilled lamb loin chops w/ fresh mint, parsley, and garlic rub
Tomato Galette
i dont even know what this is... i just put some random crap in this
Cubano Sandwich (Tampa Style)
Hatch Chile Enchiladas
Egg sandwich on buttermilk bread
Crispy Baked Glutinous Rice Cake, Easy Recipe, Milk and Butter Flavor
Baked farm fresh eggs with cream, bella mushrooms, spinach, prosciutto, herbs, and cheese
bone-in cast iron basted in butttter and lots of garlic, with air-fryer garlic red skin potatoes and steamed broccoli with a touch of garlic. because I love garlic
leftover app salad
Giraffe roll cake
Sweet chili chicken on mac and cheese
Breakfast pancakes with blueberrys
My  Salmon recipe
Simple pasta salad
Buttermilk Brined Turkey (Recipe from Samin Nosrat)
Joplin food trucks expand with brick and mortar locations - KoamNewsNow.com
jelly roll cake
Chili Lyme New York strip with sauteed spinach
Japanese osechi, New Year's dishes
Oysters
Special Vietnamese Fried Rice
Beer Battered Chicken of the Woods Mushrooms
Big Mac
Leg of Lamb
Mao style pork belly
roasted brisket with potatoes and carrots
Made Ratatouille tonight, maybe the best thing I’ve ever cooked!
Brownie Lasagna
Charcuterie board :)
aguachile verde with shrimp
Sourdough Bread
Wagyu steak salad
Ham and Cheese Scones
Steak &amp; Potatoe.
Prime Ribeye with Bordelaise sauce served with seasoned french fries
cream puffs
Bacon sausage egg n cheese sandwich
Pan seared dry aged bone in Ribeye with kickass mushrooms.
https://cutt.ly/XjHzeyE
Grilled Cheese Ramen from GMM
Steamed Clams in white wine and garlic
Reverse seared Prime Rib
my attempt at  paella
Aloo Paratha
Loco moco
4 Ingredient Chocolate Cookies
Sweet Potato Noodle Casserole
Valentine’s dinner. New York strip SMOTHERED with a cognac mushroom sauce with a baked/stuffed clam, roasted garlic mashed potatoes, and Brussels sprouts.
Cream bun with chocolate glaze
Mousse cake: Chocolate cake topped with chocolate mousse, white chocolate vanilla bean mousse, and espresso whipped cream.
ceviche inside coconuts
Lahmacun check it out on YouTube proper good taste!
Korean BBQ
Indian Mouthfresher - Paan
Instapot Chili
cake with grated chocolate on top
Corn muffins
Kunafa tray
15 "" Foods That Boost the Immune System naturally
Beef short-rib tacos. Braised in guajillo chili sauce and Modelo Negra, topped with green tomato salsa.
our yearly Christmas dinner: the nutloaf
Veggie lo mein
After years of trying and giving up halfway and making scrambled eggs, I finally made a perfect omelette
Pulled Pork &amp; Cheese Bun
fried chicken and waffle sandwich with spicy tomato relish, coleslaw, jalapeños, aoli and bacon.
Grilled pork belly skewers.
chocolate dfondant
beef burger and fries
Pork Belly Bahn Mi - Vui’s Kitchen Nashville, TN
Schnitzel Sandwich
Full steakhouse dinner
Shrimp and Scallop Ceviche
Spinach &amp; Lemon Risotto with Crispy Prosciutto.
Korean Beef Bulgogi Bowl
Mr.&amp;Mrs. Themed sugar cookies
Pink pepper mascarpone, Campari vacuum infused strawberries, Sour Campari gelee, Meringue tuiles, Sable crumble, Fresh strawberries and mint oil.
‪Panackelty
Fresh 🅱️iscotti outta the oven, looking CRISPY
A Thai feast for two
Pizza with Tri tip, chanterelles and homemade béarnaise sauce.
sushi
Semolina Uttapam with Garlic-Chilli Sauce
salsa!
AMONG US Siêu Anh Hùng bị Thánh Nấu Ăn TIÊU DIỆT - Stop Motion Animation...
italian pancake with processed milk and sliced unliquided olive oil
Vegetable and Noodle Stir Fry
Thai food
Baked Rigatoni with Meat Sauce
Buttermilk Cheddar Biscuit Eggs Benedict
Sweet Potato Gnocchi (uncooked, for now)
First attempt at individual beef wellingtons, slightly overdone but still tasted delicious
Cheesy sourdough English muffin with seasoned tomato
Orange scones &amp; Chocolate Orange scones
Watermelon and Beetroot soup, coriander and Alpro Yoghurt.
miso ramen
Reverse Sear Tenderloin
Chia fruit bowl with fresh fruit, nuts, coconut, coconut milk, and granola. 🤍
Lamb &amp; Beef Gyros
Shrimp enchiladas with white rice and cole slaw
Adjarian Khachapuri - Cheese Boat
Why Chicago Needs a Food Critic in the Absence of the Tribune’s Phil Vettel - Eater Chicago
holy cannoli cheesecake
pumpkin spice macarons
Honestly, I just really love a simple Grilled Cheese w/ Tomato Soup.
Kanelbullar (Swedish cinnamon buns)
Ranch Chicken and Cheddar Press on Rye with Homemade spicy pickle relish.
Amazon.com: Shiatsu Back shoulder &amp;amp; Neck Massager With Heat - Deep Tissue 3D Kneading Pillow Ma
Half duck prepared two ways: Roasted breast with a pistachio crust, and leg and thigh confit — over a creamy parmesan polenta, jus and side of peach chutney.
Escargot off the smoker
Cinnamon Toast Cunch Cheesecake
A poor man's Beef Wellington With lemon garlic asparagus and pan fried fingerling potatoes.
Cast Iron Pasta Bake
Cinnamon hot chocolate with pistachio and white chocolate cookies
Chicken and Aubergine Enchiladas
Yema balls coated with caramelized sugar
Mid hike, , charcuterie boards for me, my partner and my pup~
teriyaki Salmon with Veg
Cheese stuffed Hasselback potato with liquid Cheddar and Onion, Cheese &amp; Chicken paté...
barbecue chicken
Angus Rib Steak
“Quarantine chef” learning - chicken filled mushrooms, with unions and tomatoes.
Clam and pancetta pizza on my new pizza stone
'I could do it too': Woman 'hisses' back at cat while cutting its nails
Rahul Vaidya Celebrates His Homecoming With 'Pawri Ho Rahi Hai' Along With Disha Parmar | Viral Video - India.com
wagyu steak with port jus
Fire roasted chicken
spinach artichoke cups
Pecan Sticky Buns
Whole Wheat Pizza
Tomato chickpea curry with kale and rice with carrots and celery!
Panko chicken with red curry udon noodle soup
salted caramel apple pie
Butternut Squash and Spinach Lasagne
My dad found this in a old box... he thinks it’s food related but can’t remember... what is this thing? Anyone know?
mini cheesecake with chocolate ganache
Chorizo Crumb Baked Penne with Garlic Broccoli
Filet Mignon
Lamb chops with red wine sauce
orange chicken :)
Thick Red Lentil Curry
Please if u can help me out here and  the caramel and they're so delicious
Danish butter cookies
Pizza Roses
Bacon and Eggs (Kermit Resort, Siargao)
My attempt at  shoyu ramen
Two bacon/cheeseburgers
Non-Red Velvet Cake, With New Years Board Games!
Guacamole and some veggies. 😋
BBQ pulled chicken sandwich with cajun waffle fries
lasagna!
Smoked Chateaubriand with baked potatoes and mac and cheese
Half chicken with brussels sprouts, sweet potato fries and cornbread
BAO (bacon avocado onion sandwich)
Gomes de Sá Cod fish
Two-Bites Tacos, Carnitas Style
Baked Oats - Viral TikTok Baked Oats Recipe
Eggo Waffles with a little homemade spruce up.
stirred chicken curry with chicken curry drumstick, flour rotti, Sunnyside up omelet and gulab jamun
Butter and lemon thyme sirloin steak with prosciutto and rocket salad, avocado and capers
Buttermilk roasted chicken. I have been on a salt, fat, acid, heat kick recently.
Spaghetti with Smoked Salmon and Peas in an Egg Yolk and Parmesan Sauce.
Fried Chicken, homemade breadcrumbs, shallow fried
pineapple chili glaze pork with garlic parmesan rice
Trу Out Thіѕ Bаnаnа Brеаd Recipe fоr a Hеаlthіеr Lіfеѕtуlе Bаnаnа Brеаd Recipe: You'll bе amazed bу thе dietary advantages of bаnаnа bread.The
Spicy Chicken Fajita
A strawberry banana whip cream dessert
Guinness &amp; dark chocolate chili
tres leches birthday cake for my 33rd today!
Global Immunity Boosting Food Products Market Opportunities and Strategies Report 2020-2023
Double takis
Chili Cheeseburger
Chicken Satay Skewers with Peanut Sauce
pepperoni and caramelized onion pizza
Bacon wrapped meatloaf
Simple spaghetti and meatballs
J Kenji's roasted potatoes, with a bone-in ribeye au poivre.....
ARÁNDANOS
bacon wrapped beef tenderloin
Cuban sandwich with fried yucca
poop corn twists
The Boston Italian
Tiramisu with raspberry jam
5 ingredients Vegetable Recipe
Salmon, malanga blanca pan fritters w/ sriracha mayo, and veggies
Lamb and salmon
Some Pozole for staff meal at the restaurant I work at
Sourdough breakfast rolls
linguine with mussels and calamari in a spicy tomato sauce
Jambalaya
Friend made this banana/chocolate pancake
Chicken and Waffles
Onigiri + maki + tempura shrimp + teriyaki salmon bento
Bastardised Salsa Verde
Quindao (a brazilian egg yolk custard and coconut cake)
Mac and Cheese with Garlic Bread
My mom made cindys cinnamon rolls for Christmas
steak, potato, herb sauce, tomatoes
#foods from different countries. I made some of them. February, 2020
a tinny oreo
Sheet Pan Sausage
Banana Muffins
Best Friend Hot dog
White Chocolate with Raspberry Coulis
Roasted duck with orange and honey
Garlic butter milk buns
Carnitas
Chicken Pomodoro Spaghetti
Cheesy Baked Sheet Pan Asparagus
Kaiserschmarrn
Ribollita toscana
Smoked ribs.
Christmas Turkey filled with pounced meat, chestnuts, pine nuts and raisins
Variation of cucumber: sesame cucumber salad, charred cucumber, cucumber pickles and garam masala siphon
Ball tip Steak
We made chicken parmesan. Sizzling hot from the oven.
AA doesn't ha e $#!t on me.
Duck with roasted carrots and rice
Sea Bass with Zuchinni and Sea Beans
ribs, sausage, brisket, turkey BBQ
Pizza with eggs, ham, pancetta, tomatoes, red bell peppers and 2 x mozzarella cheese. (read my note)
Cobb salad
Ratatouille
My smooth pancakes.
Dark &amp; White Chocolate Dipped Strawberries
sweet potato chili casserole in a cast iron skillet
Chicken Noodle soup
seared salmon, lemon dill aioli, butternut squash purée, pickled radishes, herbs
pepper sauce filet mignon
NY Strip w/ brown sugar and cayenne
Chocolate Amaretto Cake with whipped cream and crushed amaretti biscuits.
Pink Valentine Heart Pancake with Chocolate Chip smiley face!
Charcuterie board for Saturday movie night
okonomiyaki with pork belly and fried egg
Pork chili verde
drunken noodles
Palm Drink| Palmyra Palm Tree Fruit | Siem Reab Street food | Cambodia ""
7 Tips For Making Barista-Quality Coffee At
Honey Balsamic chicken over garlic mashed potatoes and roasted brussels sprouts
Indonesian - Nasi Goreng
Honey teriyaki chicken stirfry
Beet Burgers
(drank) Lavender Lemonade 😁
baked lemon chicken and sweet potato mash
Papaya Salad(Som Tum)
Simple Chicken Bake with Fennel, Tomatoes, and Olives with Fregula Tostata Fina
Chocolate Cake Recipe
green rice
Chế Biến BỒN CẦU QUÁI VẬT thành Bánh Phô Mai Dâu Tây BÉO NGẬY - Thánh Nấ...
My neighbor’s Halloween decorations get better every year
Caprese Sandwich and Italian sub
lovely frosting
FROZEN GRAPES - everyone needs to try this... put some grapes in the freezer for 5-10 hours+. The grapes taste absolutely amazing they are like a  healthy frozen jelly.
Sushi
Beef Wllington
Hot dog on a hamburger bun
A simple quesadilla with crispy chicken thighs, sharp cheddar, pepper jack, jalapenos and seasoned on the outside with butter, garlic powder, onion powder, black pepper, and celery salt.
Sincerity chicken from chinatownnnn!!!
ratatouille my dad made us for dinner.
Pappardelle with Fennel Sausage Ragu
Pizza - half pepperoni, half Canadian bacon, whole mushroom
Pesto and Gruyere beef flank roulade
Avocado toast and omelette
I made some shrimp tacos :)
SIÊU PHẨM BÁNH KEM LÀM TỪ TIỀN | Crazy Chef ASMR &amp; Funny Stop Motion Coo...
bahn mi burger, Vietnamese style pork patty, pickled daikon and carrot, fresh cilantro, jalapeño and sriracha scallion mayo
Norwich seeks volunteers to help with weekly food distributions - theday.com
baklava from Shatila Bakery
Sautéed Mushroom Cheeseburger
Biscuits and gravy
Carnitas tacos with pico de gallo and pickled red onion
Korean Rice Noodle
Upgrade your instand pizza
Chicken with a spinach and mushroom cream sauce.
A real beast!
No-Bake Chocolate Eclair Icebox Cake
Chorizo + Potato Tacos
Rustic egg noodles
Jackfruit Katsu Curry Steamed Nikuman Buns
Zucchini Quesadillas with Poblanos and Fried Egg
Fried Spicy Chicken Sandwich
Miso black cod, stir fried veggies, and brown rice.
crispy chicken thighs
Cranberry jalapeño cream cheese dip.
Italian cream cake
Rigatoni with vodka sauce.
Sweet Italian Black Bear &amp; Jerk Venison Sausages
Crispy Ramen Noodles Recipe. I ate this and it tastes great! Watch the video to learn how to make it.
tomahawk steak and t-bone steak with vegetables
thanksgiving dinner by me for me! Corona is not gonna have me miss out on my fave dinners even if i have to eat it all myself lol
Grilled Burgers
Dessert Pies
Pan fried cod on a bed of roasted vegetables and cayenne hot sauce
Vindaloo Burger
Medium-rare ribeye with garlic and pepper, bell pepper, and bread cheese. All grilled.
Spicy Fajita Meat
Better than bakery muffins
Apple Fritters or how I learned to stop fearing deep frying!!
Spicy chicken with green apple.
molcajete
With Trump’s Records, Manhattan D.A. Has His Work Cut Out - The New York Times
One of the best things in life, my gumbo!
and cooked a seafood boil yday!
chicken curry and jasmine rice
Minestrone &amp; Chicken Alfredo Lasagna
Pork belly and mushroom ramen
Fly Me to the Moon Cake
Japanese soup curry.
steak sandwich
Latvian Pīrāgi (bacon buns)
blueberry pie
Salmon Poke Bowls
burger and fries me and my dad made
Fruit bowl with cinnamon &amp; whipped yoghurt &amp; cereal
Great Northern Beans and Collard Green Soup.
Grilled Sirloin Tip with Salty Steer
potato chip and pretzel moon pies dipped in chocolate
GOOVIS LITE: Crystal Clear Giant Screen Personal 3D Cinema
NY strip &amp; Mushrooms Asparagus.
Candy Canes
Chilli Garlic Prawns and Nasi Goreng
sourdough bagel with lox and lots of cream cheese
waffles with bananas and chopped walnuts
Glass cake
Matcha Mochi Beignets
, Macadamia Nuts
lamb chops with raspberry balsamic onions and fingerling potatoes
Cinnamon Apple Babka
Chicken with cream sauce, mushroom, spinach &amp; sun dried tomatoes - only need to add pasta!
Orange Blossom Candied Cranberries
Pasta with veggies, pecorino and fresh pesto
Chicken Curry (Indian Inspired)
Paneer Pizza
Carne qsada with grilled onion and nopales
EmMe Curry Pork my, it was so delicious!
My Sweet Grandma passed away. Having a Heartfelt visit with Grandpa: "Grandma left you one of her lipsticks". I thought it was so sweet, then I opened it...
My tasty chili. Mmm good! Homemade
avocado toast with a fried egg
Caveman buffalo “wings”. Sub the wing for a leg!
crispy romanesco artichoke heart with oregano vinaigrette
Teesside Parmo!
Buscuits and Gravy
Dinner Rolls
Fresh Ling Cod, tots &amp; coleslaw
Roasted chicken, green chili mashed potatoes and roasted broccoli.
Halibut nuggets
Pepperoni pizza 🍕
Pica Pollo (Dominican Fried Chicken)
Toad in the hole,cheesy garlic potatoes,spicy fried chicken and cauliflower cheese .
hot chocolate
How to make poha maharashtrian style
Bacon wrapped partridge breast cooked and served with apples and onions, With a side of sweet potato hash browns
Halloween-themed chocolate cupcakes
sea fruit mix in white sauce 🦀 🐟
My Nashville Hot Chicken on Brioche
I made a lox bagel with onion, anchovies, lemon pepper, lemon juice, pepper, and garlic powder. It’s so good
Hay smoked scallops: clams, chorizo, ham hock dashi, sea vegetables, papas.
Pumpkin risotto with spinach, goji berries and truffle oil
Wagyu Picanha - Sous vide and reverse sear
spam egg and cheese on sesame bagel
Sweet n Sour n Spicy AF Pork
Caramel Corn
Garbage Plate Detroit Style Pizza
Baked Mac and cheese
Brioche bun. 50/50 ribeye/sirloin patty, sharp cheddar cheese, and bacon onion jam.
Classic Chocolate Chip Cookies
Tata grabs bigger slice of AirAsia and India's airline industry - BBC News
spaghetti alla chittara
I ate  Fatayer and Avgolemono
bacon wrapped venison with apples and onion
Zombie Cake for Halloween
Kimchi fried rice with fried egg
Roasted chicken noodle soup
Easy Ghee Rice Recipe in Pressure Cooker
Christmas cookies. Meringue, ginger-orange, and Pistachio-Rose.
My wife made cookies for dessert
Tonkatsu with rice and stir fry vegetables
Levain Bakery Chocolate Chip Cookies
Chocolate Confiserie Candy Nibble
Nützliches Wissen in 60 Sekunden
Let's make oyster omelette Recipe - recipeblogs.in
Philly Cheesesteak sandwich
Moose roast with veggies and potatoes
biscuits and sausage gravy
coconut caramel prawns
Victoria sponge cake
Honey Poppyseed Challah Bread
No-Bake Pomegranate Cheesecake Recipe!
Christmas Vacation cookies that were made and decorated for me.
Lamb-stuffed Zucchini
Steak, Crabs, rice, and salad
Carne asada tacos and picante elote from my local Mexican market
veggie scramble sandwich with homemade salt and vinegar crisps
Hot Cocoa Cookies
bagels with garlic and cinnamon sugar
Loaded mashed potatoes and ribeye steak
Pickled Red Onions, Garlic and Jalapeños
Paccheri pasta with kale and cannelini beans
Homemade Fluffy Cheese Omlette
Past al Limone with Scottish Whisky Smoked Salmon
Seekh Kebab Toad in the Hole.
Garlicky kale pesto with mafaldine pasta
Baked Spaghetti
tortilla wraps
Sweet Potato and Spinach gnocchi in Arrabiata sauce
Medium Rare please!
tomato chicken cheese calzone
Steak I cooked for my family’s dinner. Thoughts?
Biscuits
Fursecuri cu scortisoara
Indiana giant tenderloin sandwich
Beef Cheese Blast, Chillox
Choco Overload Cake
- Cuban
Cheesy Peri Peri Fries!
Garlic and Chive Steak with Whipped Mash Potatoes
beef and noodle bowl
cod, prawn &amp; halloumi tacos
Crème Brûlée from Marché Bacchus
Crispy skin pork belly
- Crab Rangoon, Pork/Chicken Steamed Dumplings and Tofu Pad Thai
smallest bugle
Calzone, Pizza and Soup I made in class today
Fresh prawns, fried shell-on with ginger, soy, and shaoxing wine.
Wafer Food Pantry finds unique way to safely distribute food through the winter months - News8000.com - WKBT
Grazing board with smoked mussels, hot peppers, pickles, cheese bread, pita crackers, grapes, roasted beets, pecans, smoked salmon, three kinds of cheese, olives and delicious jams
Miso Soup w/ Tofu, Wakame and Scallions
White Bread Loaf
Cherry Turnovers
Fois Gras Tiramisu
Best pizza I have ever made! Base is a simple wrap, simple tomato sauce, ground Moroccan lamb, mixed seeds, and pomegranate.
bagel de colita de cuadril.
Latkes with salmon and dill, raspberry jam and jalapeños
Sautéed vegetables with udon noodles and soft boiled eggs.
Banana bread - Full recipe
Butternut Squash Soup!
Meatballs filled with a cream made of Philadelphia and pistacchio
clam fried rice
eggs benedict/royale (bagels homemade)
General Tso's Chicken
Bacon Cheeseburger with Sweet Potato Waffle Fries!
Spicy Crispy Chicken Sandwich with lettuce, pickles, and chipotle mayo!
Scallops with Tomato Basil Risotto
pancakes layered with nutella and served with vanilla ice cream :))
I made some  beignets
veggie lasagna topped with my own chili pepper powder before the bake.
veggie sticks with sour cream and grilled paneer/cottage cheese and mashed potato’s with mozzarella and some cheese balls
Steak Sandwich. Probably the best sandwich I’ve ever had.
European crispy buns, aka pistolets like we call them in Belgium.
spaghetti pomodoro with cheese garlic bread
Baked Bread :)
Skillet Chicken Pot Pie with Biscuit Topping
Smoked brisket, cornbread, and Hoppin’ John
Dark Chocolate Pralines with a Lemon Ganache filling
some sushi and steak
Cheese/herb/marcona stuffed peppadews
Dal makhani with basmati rice and plain naan
New Years Cookie Cake
Spicy noodles.
8 Grain Crackers with Cracked black pepper Boursin cheese and Moccia &amp; Urbano Salumeria Natural Salami
Beef shawarma (gyro) sandwich
Sushi platter for Thanksgiving.
I’m a Spaniard living in the US... I make paella when I’m feeling homesick
Twitter, Facebook and Others Silenced Trump. Now They Learn What's Next. - The Wall Street Journal
Seared Bluefin Tuna
Pancakes with maple syrup made by my aunt.
Fried Plantain
Lettuce wraps
Bacon, Egg, and Avocado sandwich.
SNL’s impeachment cold open tackles Trump’s lawyers, the Senate GOP, and Tucker Carlson - Vox.com
Cuban sandwiches
Garlic Noodles San Francisco Style
Thai grilled chicken salad with coriander, mint, fish sauce and shallots
Coconut Carrot Cake with Walnuts and Raisins
Corn Agnolotti
2AM Street hot dog with onions, mustard and Serrano peppers.
Beef lasagne and garlic flatbreads
Farfalle n salad
Shrimp Tacos. Simple To Make.
Brown butter chocolate chip cookies
Merrick Garland Is Confirmed as Attorney General - The New York Times
creamy mashed potatoes and crispy green bean all day (pictured) with extra smoke ham and Turkey (unpict.) Happy Holidays.
Diver Scallops, beluga lentils and haricots verts.
Seafood Paella
Vanilla bean infused almond oil
steak for dinner, with green beans, garlic pepper fries, a mustard peppercorn sauce for the fries, and glass of scotch
Leek and Cheese Crostata
Baked Macaroni and Cheese (Four Cheese)
fish korma
ham, egg and cheese English muffins
Avocado toast, sunny-side-up egg and bacon
lobster
Scary Pizza with Olive Spiders and Cheese Eyeballs
Spinach Dal Curry
A bowl full of flavourful chicken biryani ❤️
Spiced sponge, vanilla Italian meringue buttercream, biscoff and clotted cream fudge
Spicy ramen with pork belly and crispy garlic chilli squid
Chocolate Cake - the icing is made from chickpeas!
Sashimi / Nigiri / Poke
Hand ground cured chuck burgers on homemade buns.
lemongrass sausage lettuce wraps with picked watermelon daikon and carrots, rice noodles, and herbs
French toast breakfast for the kiddos.
Tried my hand at pizza recently. Roasted tomatoes, artichoke and olives.
Creamy Tikka Masala
Choco Mulberry cake
Pink Ombré Macs
Beer can chicken &amp; salad
Venison backstrap
Subscrib
Chicken Meal Preps
Australian cream biscuits..
Finally got the nerve to try Beef Wellington!
Bento morning tea and lunch
Caramel Custard Cake
Sushi and sashimi
Spicy Beef Wraps
japanese noodle
Burger with pickles, onions, and Irish cheddar.
Dinner so good I needed 3 plates
Opossum Sugar Cookies
Chicken Dinner
Macarons, pre-valentines day edition
pancakes
Free Pizza!!
Open-face ham, pear, and cheddar cheese melt
Sicilian with fried onion and stewed tomato
Chicken, Bacon, Cheddar, Ranch Pizza Dough Balls
Cod, Chips, Scraps, Curry Sauce, Sliced White Bread with Irish Butter.
Keema Style minced Lamb Stew with Roasted Potato wedges...
Shockingly healthy, organic, dark chocolate graham cracker popcorn!
a sushi boat by myself &amp; I’m not even mad
French Twin Burgers.
Lasagna with homemade egg noodles and homemade tomato sauce
Tips and Tricks To Make The Best Dinner Rolls
Big Cinnamon and Maple Buns with Cream Cheese Frosting
My sausage roll is winking at me...
Pork Chops and Italian Hot Peppers
Turkish Pide
Jordan Sneaker Cookies
How to Make a  Bacon Ranch Dip
failed attempt at soufflé pancakes, which still tastes amazing.
goat cheese and mushroom pizza with spinach and a balsamic fig drizzle
tv dinner hamburger steak
jalapeño popper pizza
A bowl full of delicious homemade chicken biryani❤️
Blueberry Bread
Brioch Hamburger
Yesterday's chicken roast
fresh blend of chuck, brisket, sirloin; fully dressed, smoked bacon and cheddar
String hoppers &amp; Chikcken curry with egg
Chicken and mushroom braised in thyme, mustard, bacon, and cream
Pumpkin spice sourdough bread
Pan seared scallops in lemon garlic butter. Served over sauteed spinach.
strawberry macarons
Salmon with fetacheese and oiled tomatoes
Texas style smoked brisket
spicy lamb tagine
bacon wrapped chicken thighs
Porchetta Leftovers For Breakfast
eggplant and tomato dip
Pulled Pork &amp; Corn Salad Nachos
Strawberry shortcake cake !
Chicken Parmesan with Chips
Toasted Pearl Couscous With Chicken and Chickpeas
Thicc Porterhouse
vanilla and chocolate cake with vanilla icing
Individual bacon, spring onion, tomato, mushrooms and peppers quiche.
Seared duck breast, provencal mashed potatoes with duck fat, and air-fried broccolini
American pancakes with strawberry topping
Loaded veggie ramen with sriracha tofu!
Asian Crispy Duck Tacos
Lemon Ginger Tea
Caprese Chicken
Mum made Matcha Eclairs with Matcha cream filling ♥️
Sirloin, seasoned with truffles, basted in vanilla butter, thyme and rosemary. Topped with portabella, garlic and cream reduction. Served with parmesesan sweet potato fries and vanilla butter beer asparagus!
roasted lamb and fries
steak chili breadbowls
Fat Christmas Tree Cookie
Banana Muffins with walnuts &amp; salty caramel
Smoked chicken tandoori served with rice, red lentil soup &amp; salad
pan fried salmon, turmeric rice and coconut spinach
Cute.
some Dang Good Sushi
"Foot Feta-ish Burger"
Whataburger $500 gift card
Buñuelos
NYC style everything bagels
"" chicken paratha and potato paratha with sauces yummy😋 at new restaurant in pakistan.
Rose pączki, apricot bites, jagodzianki, ham and cheese sandwiches for our 1 year anniversary breakfast.
Sushi, well thought I could eat it all... only made it through half
Vanilla Blondies with wafer crunch
at a fest my friend's house two years ago
Thai pea soup
I ate tonight’s dinner I made boil in oven crab snow legs , corn on cob , shrimp , polish sausage, mini red potatoes, mini lobster tails . ( boil in oven ) with butter , old bay , lemon etc
Battenberg Cake
Tomahawk Ribeye
Masala Rice | Chicken Masala Rice Recipe ""
"" When Making Smoothies For Breakfast, Here Are Some Things To Think About For the hotter summer weather, we all want to look great in a pair of shorts or a swimsuit. The best thing to do is start your day out with a healthy breakfast but most of us don't have
A full English Breakfast with homemade sausages
This  is Looking to cater your COVID free events TODAY - message me for more details ❤️
Corona cravings, there’s no white castles around here, did my best to recreate something I’ve never had. Be easy on me
croissants at Bluestone Lane Café
Italian Wedding Cookies
Loaded baked potato fresh cut fries
churros!
Delicious burger with truffles!
Ricotta With fruit
Tot-cho Bar
Spam musubi
In a viral video, Schwarzenegger links the Capitol riot to an episode that was a prelude to the Holocaust. - The New York Times
Lamb
garlic butter steak and baby potatoes.
skillet fried chicken with garlic Parmesan pasta, asparagus, spinach, broccoli, potatoes, and a poached egg on top
Pizza rolls! Filled with peppers, onions, marinara, fresh mozz, and calabrese.
5 minute eggs and avo with chilli jam on sourdough.
Im a 11 year old pro chef look at my  burger!!!!!
Caramel Apple Pie
Bacon Wrapped Asparagus with Miso Soup and Beef Gyudon
Lemongrass Pork and Bulgogi beef tacos and a side of Vietnamese street corn
Hotpot
Creme Brulee Souffle Pancakes
Chocolate-covered Original Ruffles with sprinkles. Easy. Delicious. Life changing.
Soft amaretti Italian cookies, mom’s recipe
Apple pie (and baby apple pies)
Nashville hot chicken sandwich with herb garlic mayo
American pancakes with bacon, fried banana, maple syrup and strawberry compote.
Hazelnut cookies
Carnita Tacos
Beautiful way to cook
Apple Cheesecake with Salted Caramel and Chocolate
https://ift.tt/3oXI1KU
a salmon salad
omurice!
Instant Pot Palak Paneer
braised duck breast
Christmas dessert box for a few close friends. List is stuck to the inside, couple traditional and non traditional ones
Viral videos and heartwarming tales - 13 times Glasgow outdid itself in 2020 - Glasgow Live
Dalgona (sugar candy from Korea)
Korean BBQ, Caribbean Jerk, and Garlic Parmesan smoked wings
Potato bread French toast, bacon, steak, and a fried egg
Butternut squash ravioli with a sage pesto, oyster mushrooms and cavolo nero
Buttermilk pancakes with peanut butter and jelly in each layer, topped with bacon and a bit of syrup!
Christmas sweets platter
Made my third omelet this one is ham n cheese
- Peanut butter and chocolate mousse
Pappardelle and Meatballs
pumpkin pie!
Aubergine and prawns Shin Ramyun instant noodles
Chicken and Peppers Alla Vodka with Spaghetti
karage chicken with rice and vegetables salad with miso dressing
Fire Roasted sweet potato cooked directly on the coals.
Sticky soy glazed wings with kimchi noodles
Crispy Noodle Chicken Recipe | Mini Noodle Chicken Chilli | Tasty Mini Foods |
avocado toast with soft boiled eggs
Birtday cake
Layered mango mousse sponge cake
salmon sushi rolls
Szechuan Chili Oil with home blended chili powder
Quesadilla with rice
Chicken Sandwich with Fries and Ketchup
Red velvet cake
Chicken noodle soup!
sourdough and olive oil fried eggs
Halloween donuts!
turkey, cran, gravy and brie sliders.
Heard you guys might like this! This is my moms presentation for tonight’s dinner. :)
Calico cat shortbread
Spicy pineapple mango short ribs
creamy penne with mixed veggies and a salad i tossed up
Australian comedians The Inspired Unemployed mock real estate agents in viral video - Daily Mail
Mud Bugs!
Grilled Koral Fish with Rice and Mashed Potato
I made Prime Rib for NYE dinner.
Noodles with beef &amp; mushrooms
steamed Yuca with a spicy chilli and shallot chutney
Buffalo wings and Jalapeno Mac n Cheese
Cheddar n Chive Mac n Cheese + Baked Chicken Parm
Tinyburger
am the plug so Come my way
Baked yukon gold fries
10 strand Challah
Grilled chicken (lemongrass, garlic, chilis, ginger, shallots, soy, fish sauce, sugar) w/ quick pickles, grilled veg, cilantro-lime rice
Breakfast burger
Thanksgiving dinner:) I wrote detailed descriptions of everything on my Instagram @spicy_vanilla_bean17 if anyone is interested!
A handful of potato chips (made with microwave tecnique), with salt, pepper and oregano
Palm Spring Rolls with Peanut Sauce
traditional Vietnamese iced coffee
New Years Victoria Sponge
Vanilla cupcakes with pumpkin filling with whipped cream on top
Carrot cake with cream cheese filling
Kaiserschmarrn (Austrian pancakes) with powdered sugar and raspberries.
mushroom pot stickers
bread, again.
Nilaga
Just some random things. Like rice shrimp garlic bread and peas and corn
Nồi trụng bánh phở 30L sử dụng 100% inox 304 cao cấp, độ bền cao từ hệ thống điện tới inox thân vỏ. Nồi trụng bún phở, trụng rau, trụng thịt bò, trụng mì nhanh hơn nhiều hơn! Với công suất cao 4KW đảm bảo khả năng hoạt động liên tục đảm bảo phục vụ lượng khách hàng lớn trong nhiều giờ.
Yule Log
Since y'all seems to like cheese and charcuterie boards here is a French one
Cheesy Squash Casserole
Poached eggs and self caught lobster arepas
Apple pie with painted egg wash leaves
Old World Pepperoni and Basil Cast Iron Skillet Pizza
Filipino Hotsilog
Shoyu Chicken and Steamed Yu Choy, over Rice
a selection of mandu (만두)
Apple pie, perfect on a breezy day :).
Breakfast! Fried Egg Sandwich
Coffee and Walnut Yule Log Cake
, Fan Tuan| US chef making Taiwanese Fan Tuans becomes overnight sensation
Left over Grilled Cheese (Raclette) on potatoes
DO YOU LIKE MY HOTDOG??? ;)
filet mignon with seared scallops and loaded baked potato for my anniversary :)
flower cupcakes
Baked Ziti
Wonton soup
EPIC FRIED RICE WITH 9 INGREDIENTS
fregola prepared in anchovies and san daniele prosciutto broth with chives, lemon zeste and capers
Steak Salad Nicoise
South Africa: Woman Takes Off Thong To Use As Mask In Supermarket, Video Goes Viral - SheThePeople
Stuffed chicken breast with dauphinoise potato
Pan fried strip loin with shallots &amp; rosemary, garlic mashed potatoes, lemon-parm asparagus, dill carrots.
Breakfast Burritos with eggs, potatoes, chorizo, and the fixings.
roasted garlic bread
swordfish
Brioche hamburger buns
Buddae Jjigae
Butternut Squash Ravioli with Cashew Cream Sauce
Hotpot!! Great comfort food in winter...
zucchini noodle soup
Sweet and sour chickpeas on rice
Curries
Swedish "Toast Skagern" (Shrimp toast)
Smothered gristle patty poboy
Chicken Pot Pie with Biscuits
Carmines Banana Pudding
Whipped Cream and Caramel with Raspberries and Strawberries
Chocolates pave the path to the heart
Potato goulash
Carne Asada Tacos
Black fungus stir fry. With sweet potato cellophane noodles.
Apple Strudel
Crab Dip and Pita Chips
Grapes that I did not eat.  grapes
Hi-tea platter
rice with sesame chicken
Spagetti Alla Carbonara The Traditional Way
Reverse Seared Beef Tenderloin with Pinot Noir Butter, Sauteed Green Beans, Red Peppers and Bacon, Brie Mashed Potatoes and Brown Butter Scallops.
Fluffy Banana Pancakes with Starbucks Coffee Chocolate Syrup
Egg rolls with sweet and sour sauce
I know it’s nothing compared to what other people post on here but I made a mini pizza and I am really happy with it so I thought I should post it here
Nashville hot chicken &amp; waffles with a maple Mayo &amp; drizzle of honey.
INDIAN TASTY RECIPES
18 oz Kona Rubbed dry aged NY Strip Steak with a South African Lobster Tail
i know it’s not much, but i’ve been in a really bad depression slump and i’ve actually had motivation to cook for myself in a really long while:)
this and more.
Blueberries Cheesecakes with traditional butter dough.
my childhood snack!! Found here in US with new package. What is your childhood snack?

cheese and onion perogies for Christmas dinner tomorrow.
veggie calzones with Italian seasoned ricotta cheese.
Freshly Baked Potato Buns
Morning breakfast made by my amazing grandmother
Popcorn Shrimp
spiral cut Virginia Ham
Grilled Frog Legs.
Salad with Dan Dan noodle sauce inspired dressing
Garlic bagel sandwich with chicken salad
sweet, and savory, baked pumpkin seeds
The Diwali Spread
S'pahgett Arrabbiata with mozzarella meatballs
I made a Cinnabon milkshake! It was delicious 🤤
breakfast in a Sunday morning
Spam Musubi
• breakfast for dinner •
Bacon Brie Burger
Loaded Potato Corn Chowder
Red Bean Taiyaki / Fish-shaped pancake
lemon mousse
Beef Chili with Cactus
Pea soup and cornbread muffins.
YOU'VE NEVER SEEN BEFORE | Making Sandwich From Money 💲 | ASMR Cooking Sound
Jamaican Vegetable Patty with Beef.
Chinese beef noodle soup
Pork belly burnt ends
Simmering Some Squash and Mushroom Risotto
Blood orange curd tart with vanilla cardamom crust, saffron whipped cream, and candied blood oranges &amp; kumquats
Ghost Pepper sauce, has pineapple and carrot base, seasoned with cumin, turmeric, ginger, and cinnamon.
rice cooker pancake
Nachos with ground beef, black beans, 3 cheeses, avocado, tomato, jalapeno and green onion.
Keto Chicken Parm
Chocolate Chip Cookies - Tastes the same, no matter the shape
Afghani Malai Boti and Jeera rice
Red Hots Pork, Sprouts and Fried Rice
Mississippi Pot Roast, Scalloped Potatoes, and Steamed Veges
Apple-cake with Rasp- and Blackberries
lamb in rosemary &amp; red wine sauce❗️
Pancakes, pickles and prepared meals tops in 2021 food trends - TribLIVE
pan fried brussel sprouts and teriyaki chicken
Libanee takeaway
Eggplant Parm + farmers market pie
Smoked Pork Butt bacon Mac N Cheese
Chok
Lemon Pepper Wing
Stewed pork belly, carrots, mushrooms and eggs, lettuces, white and brown rice mix
Hearty Vegetable Soup with whole wheat rolls
chicken cheese enchiladas
my mum’s noodle bowl
morocco trid with chichen
Tandoori Tikka Chicken on the rotisserie.
Baozis and gyozas
Vanilla with a lemon curd filling .
CHICKEN FRIED RICE
Fried Rice, Control
Jerk Short Ribs, Rice &amp; Beans w/ Pineapple Mango Pico 🇯🇲🇯🇲🍚🍚🍍🍍🥭🥭🌶🌶
Cantonese style prawns, fried shell-on with ginger, soy, and shaoxing wine.
Gluten Free Cookies
Stir fry noodles with chicken and vegetables
blueberry crumble
Wursthall's bratwurst recipe
basque burnt cheesecake minis
molasses biscuits filled with dulce de leche

Caramel Cappuccino Ice Cream
Beef Birria Tacos.
Valentine’s day dessert.
tikka masala
Smoked side ribs and wings
Double Cut Pork Chop with Caramelized Onions and Peach Purée
Chocolate Chocolate Chip Espresso Cookies
dry aged Ora King Salmon/tamari/sea salt
Keesh!!!!
Whole Wheat Pan Pizza
Seafood sunday!
Date night during a pandemic!  the most perfect steak in the car with my SO.
Spinach, shrimp, roasted chilis and fettuccine in garlic, basil, goat cheese cream sauce.
Pad Siew with chicken. And it tasted just like a restaurant! Not my own recipe, but I followed it exactly and it turned out perfect!
kimchi fried rice topped with egg and scallions
Made shakshuka for dinner last night! So delicious.
I made homemade Tater tot casserole:)
Mushroom Cream, Parmesan &amp; Chicken Croquettes
Sandwich with Sucuk and Feta Cheese
Pulled pork sandwich with apple slaw and madman’s bbq sauce.
teriyaki salmon with a creamy sriracha glaze
Potato wedges
Pulled pork on hummus with an Israeli salad on spinach.
Buckwheat cake with pistachio custard
Shepherd’s Pie.
** chili with beans
Hand pattied grilled burgers.
Creamy mushroom soup with thyme and lemongrass
mixed greens w grilled chicken and Mr Stripey tomatoes
pizza Margherita
German Noodle Salat
Apple strudel
Mooncakes with Red Bean Filling
cream puffs
chicken biryani.
Grilled Whole Beef Picanha
leftover Costco street tacos.
Preparing dinner vs dinner is ready!
Snowballs! My Family Christmas Recipe | - hey chums! Hope you’ve all had a good Christmas, as good as you can at least :) I wanted to share with you my YouTube video, any advice or tips would be greatly appreciated :)
Red wine braised short rib with black truffle polenta and jalapeño crisps.
An Exquisite Burrata carbonara
Chicago Style Thin Crust Pizza
Cast iron baked spaghetti
Maash Daal (Urad Lentil) Recipe  #Daal #Lentil #Vegan #Vegetarian #Health
Ricotta gnocchi tossed in tomato sauce made with tomatoes from the garden.
salmon sushi 🍣
Pellet smoked and brined turkey
Free school meals: Rashford raises concerns over food parcels after outcry - BBC News Bacon and egg fried rice
Salted vanilla caramel
Buffalo wings and stuffed jalapeños
Steak served rare, on Potato purée, Dutch carrots. Rocket salad, drizzled with red wine sauce. &amp; Chimichurri.
Eating EVIL NUN For Meal | Lina Tik ASMR Eating Sounds/Mukbang Horror Food
Bacon, Egg &amp; Cheese
ChiMec Spicy Chicken Burger
Choux puffs with lemon, spinach, raspberry, and scotch bonnet whipped cream fillings
Korean BBQ Chicken, Teriyaki Green Beans, and Rice w/ Sriracha
Wheat breads with an 80% biga preferment and Guinness beef stew
Bacon wrapped asparagus, potatoes and onions
Bubble Bass sourdough!
Charcuteire board(s)
chocolate glazed donut holes
Fried Potatoes With Melted Gouda
Local Wahoo crudo, soy vinaigrette, crispy shallots &amp; garlic, radish, micro cilantro
Jamaican Rice and peas with Oxtail!
Tomato soup with grilled cheese
Salmon, Tuna, Avocado, Cucumber Roll w/ Extra Masago
Thai sweet chili skirt steak and shrimp over seasoned curly/shoestring fries, drizzled with honey chipotle mayo and fresh jalapeño!
Chicken fried steak and mashed potatoes!
a turkey, ham and chicken slice salad from subway.
Just a simple Ribeye.
Eggs and Potatoes Breakfast Skillet
Thanksgiving dinner  includes (chicken, potatoes, green been casserole, salad, corn, gravy, rolls, and charcuterie board)
Marble Chocolate Caramel Slice
smoked shoulder roast
Malloreddus (gnochetti Sardi) with sausage and fennel ragu
Poppy seeds cake
Rosemary Garlic Focaccia Bread. Smells AMAZING!
Recreated the Indian flag with Chicken Tikka Masala, Rice, and Spicy Coconut Black-Eyed Pea Curry 🇮🇳
Томленное мясо
Chicken Apple Sausage, Serrano Pepper, and New Potato Hash
Chicken Tenders with Mashed Potatoes &amp; White Pepper Gravy
Chiken breast with Turkish inspired Cuscus salad
Durum with fries.
Bison chili
] burgers
melon salad, tapioca pudding and two different kinds of pies
My boss made me vegetarian osechi for New Years Day! Osechi is the traditional Japanese meal eaten on New Years Day and can resemble bento boxes!
tacos al pastor
charcuterie board with ingredients from Grand Central Market
Happy February 15th! May your romantic foods go unwasted.
Carrot and potato stew.
St. Louis ribs, beans
Strawberry covered chocolates
Massaman Curry
oatmeal with beet powder, cooked mixed berries, almond butter, peanut butter, hemp seeds, and pumpkin seeds
(poorly lit) Chicken parm.
My attempt in making a Charcuterie Board.
Cinnamon Babka!
this
BREAD
Chicken, mushroom and spinach Alfredo.
Parmesan Bread with Rosemary
Oreo spam burger
Sous vide filet mignon, lobster tail, and gulf shrimp with sides.
Bourbon glazed smoked chicken wings.
Salmon with vegetables
dutch small cookies (Kruidnoten)
Octopus hotdog, with squid ink bap
Italian sausage baked ziti
Cabernet Braised Short Ribs with Yukon Gold Mashed Potatoes
Penne a la Vodka
Pull-apart sour cream and chive rolls
Churros
Cinnamon Roll Macaroons
Turkey &amp; Pepperjack Melt on seeded Italian.
Kamala Harris’ great-nieces explore White House in viral videos: ‘This is precious’ - The Independent
Salmon with sheet pan broccoli, brussel sprouts, carrots, and basmati rice
Special Vintage Style Tea for tea lovers...
Cheese Plate and Charcuterie with Homemade Pepper Jelly, Fig Jam, Mustard, and Hot Honey
Grilled Cheese
Galletas con chispas de chocolate
Fish and potatoes
Nashville Hot Chicken sandwich
flank steak
Cedar plank cajun wild salmon, asparagus and a roasted garlic/roasted cauliflower mash!
lasagna. It was portioned out and distributed to neighbors spending the weekend alone.
Homemade grape jam on toast!
Rice Soup &amp; Spicy deep-fried chicken (辣子鸡 laziji)
Chicken Stuffed with Asparagus
Cottage pie
Pork belly banh mi and blistered shishito peppers
Making Pizza Hut style Breadsticks
Deep Fried tilapia
Ginger Cookies
scallops and risotto
Cinnamon Bread
Bacon, ham, scalloped potato quiche with cheddar
beef pho and egg rolls
Grilled Peaches with Fresh Ricotta, Basil, and Honey Balsamic Glaze
Sous Vide Omelette.
easiest pizza recipe ever by chef Adam Ragusea. I ate the pizza myself because it's so tasty . Try it now
Maple roasted buttercup squash stuffed with bacon, cranberries, bacon, and pecans. Topped with honey goat cheese.
Chicken Udon Stir Fry
RESTAURANT STYLE VEGETABLE CLEAR SOUP | KATHIR'S KITCHEN
Bacon
Crispy Chilli Beef
Champiñones en salsa
Coconut Custard Pie with Lime Cookie Crust and Hearts
Semi-sweet &amp; white chocolate chunk brownies
Winter is coming. Oden Soup with Korean Soba noodles.
Heres the cake my friend baked for me for my birthday today
Steak and potatoes dinner with broccoli
Sushi tray, Uni and Chutoro sashimi
A steamed ham (with cheese!) in central Connecticut.
leftover Xmas ham, mac &amp; cheese melt. No shame
Spicy seafood noodle
Pizza piez
Blueberry Lemon Poppyseed Donut
Bratwürste und Gemüse
Crispy rice with Tuna.
tagliatelle with sous vide octopus
Chicken Karahi, Dal Makhani, Rice &amp; Naan
Deals: M1 13-Inch MacBook Pro Marked Down by $100 at Amazon and B
Ginger beef
Tofu and broccoli teriyaki
Fenway Frank
Sous vide hamburger finished off with a propane torch, cheese,dippy egg, avocado, grilled onion, and bacon!
Cauliflower Gratin
cheat croissants
Thanksgiving Charcuterie
RAJMA CHAWAL
"Jhapali Bhakka"
Almond Florentines
Cherry pie
Sliders &amp; Roastes Broccoli
Christmas Cupcakes all ready to bring over to the.neighbors.
Bacon, onion, and thyme omelette with bourbon cheddar
grilled chicken drumsticks and kielbasa sausage
Chicken Pot Pie for Thanksgiving
Cheesecake with layers of biscuits and jello top
goat liver mousse with pickle relish and brioche
Chicken Fried Steak with cream gravy, mashed potatoes, and rosemary/seasalt rolls
Cauliflower Steaks with saffron aioli
Fregola and truffles
Cheese omelette and bacon
Bacon, cheese, avocado &amp; jalepeno burgertime!
Crispy Pork Gyoza
a Bacon and Egg Brioche French Toast Sandwich
Hailam style braised noodles with chicken, prawns and veggies from a tiny shop in Taiping, Perak
chicken pot pie with pepper jack cheese
Mutton curry Indian style
hand rolled and cut pappardelle and slow cooked rabbit ragu finished with pecorino romano
Scotch egg on a bed of arugula
Spam Fried Rice
Breakfast Sandwich (Eggs, Egg Whites, Spinach, Bacon, Cheese, Valentina's Hot Sauce)
Grilled steak with cheese
Sousvide and Seared Steaks
Tikka kebabs and naans, not cooked yet but I felt quite happy with the way they turned out
French Style Fruit Tart
https://ift.tt/3oXI1KU
cinnamon buns with cream cheese frosting
Sausage go BRRRRRRRRR
Beef Goulash
burger bun french toast
everything bagel with egg and cheese
Bacon and cheese turnovers
sugar cookies.
Ribs &amp; cheese in Korean restaurant.
Lovely Pineapple Upside Down Cake by my daughter. Can't wait!
chicken stir-fry
Sensex ends 588 pts lower at 46,285, down 5% in a week ahead of Budget 2021 - Business Standard
Pizza Braid
Eton Mess Sundae
Idli with Sambar and green chutney.
Polenta
Spaghetti with fresh tomato and cured yolk pesto
Coffee Chip Cookie
Stuffed Fried Rice Balls
“” soy garlic Korean fried chicken!
Slow-smoked brisket (sliced photo)
I do love me some homemade Ramen
A beautiful focaccia
Veg Biryani with raita
Vanilla Coconut Coffee Creamer
this amazing Fritto Misto in Vernazza, Italy!
Robbery on San Francisco freeway captured in now-viral video - NBC News
It ain’t Hattie B’s but it’s good
Tomato and Onion Shakshuka
mozzarella sticks half spicey half regular with homemade marinara dipping sauce. Once there was 32.
ravioli with an garlic ,oil and plum tomatoes sauce
shrimp black pasta
Salmon soup
Chicken Tikka Masala, Garlic Naan, and Rice
Kiwi big breakfast
spaghetti with a mushroom sauce
hamburger steak with roasted potatoes, asparagus and spicy ketchup
Korean whole fried chicken.
Lebanese  food! Mediterranean cuisine at it's finest ;)
Best Free Recipes online "",
Salmon and potatoes with cheese
Fried Rice and Chili-Honey Shrimp
Chicken Fried Chicken and Scalloped potatoes
Sourdough bread with Mortadella,pesto, mozzarella di bufala &amp; basil.
Seasoned Scrabble egg and chicken with a side of bagel with peanutbutter and raspberries on top
Braised Chicken in a Red Wine Sauce w Veges
German Apple Cake
Beef stew over egg noodles
7.5 hour smoked Prime Rib with Au Jus, Smoked Jalapeño Creamed Corn and Honey Butter Cabbage
Bavarian Krustenbraten
Smashed Fried Onion sliders from my homie T-Dog
Mushroom brown rice risotto
Meatball sandwich on grilled garlic bread
Orange-glaze chicken stir fry
grilled cheese with kimchi and pastrami
Crispy Mongolian beef
Chicken Taquitos!
Fried Oreos
Caprese crostini
Why people no sandwich at home anymore?
Jalapeño popper melt
Just to point out, now is the perfect time to become a ventriloquist.
fluffy pancakes
snickerdoodles
Vichyssoise and baby greens dressed with lardons, avocado, pickled shallots, egg, &amp; red wine vinegar.
Welsh cakes with lemon buttercream
Fried Pickles Chips!
Happy National Pasta Day!~
German Christmas Stollen
Rose Dumplings with red oil (prawn and pork)
Biscoff/Caramel-cheescake with wild berries.
BBQ
Boom Boom Shrimp w/ Bok Choi and Edamame Rice.
Açaí bowl with pineapple, granola, chia seeds and toasted coconut flakes.
I ate a Cinnabon Milkshake
Cornish Game Hens with Pineapple Pomegranate Glaze for dinner.
breakfast sandwich
- Cherry wood smoked salmon &amp; beetroot pasta with dill and feta 😋
pumpkin pie with home made whipped cream! So good!
Spiced Chicken Hearts
Friday night Beef with Broccoli by Kenji Lopez-Alt
Immunity Booster made with Fresh Turmeric, Unique and Very Tasty, Even Kids will Love this.
Vincenzo's spaghettiallevongole
Fresh Strawberry Milkshake!
zucchini feta scones
frittata
My recipe is getting better
Mojo Pork with all the fixin's
Pork tenderloin with crackling, garlic mashed potatoes, veggies and gravy
Half pepperoni half chicken pesto artichoke pizza
warm sweet potato, asparagus, and grains salad! So filling and nutritive
Cordon bleu
My mom made this in 10 min and its super healthy ("dokhla")
Turkey, Cheese &amp; Hummus Bagel
Charcuterie Tray
Cheddar Sourdough Crackers
Shrimp Étouffée
sushi burritos
Ojja
A roast chicken for Sunday dinner
Just a simple biscuit with pepper bacon and fried egg
*Gumbo Deluxe: Louisiana-style roux, lump crab, massive scallops, jumbo shrimp, spicy andouille sausage, and chicken w/ a cajun lobster tail, *A spicy, black-eyed pea salad, *And a honey-baked cornbread w/ sweet vidalia onions*
smörbullar! (buns filled with buttery vanilla cream)
Pan-Seared Salmon with Lemon Butter Sauce
Connecticut Style Lobster Roll
turkey meatloaf and roasted red potatoes
Huevos Rancheros.
Sushi with soy sauce
a slice of apple pie.
monkfish, prosciutto, potatoes and greens
Pork belly, Champagne-Grape reduction, roasted fall vegetables, spiced mango purée
Ice cream sandwich
Ground Beef Kheema Mutter
Homemade non-meat sausage/egg/cheese/English muffin sandwich
Chicken Sandwich with Fries
Potato, bacon, egg &amp; cheese breakfast concoction. Looks crazy but is yummy
Penne alla vodka 😍
Bruce's Chocolate Cake
Chicken and Bacon Pie with Mustard Wedges and Garlic Green Beans
Prawn Biriyani
Fettuccine alfredo with sauteed calamari
Sautéed chayote with eggs (aka, Buddha's palm)
Vietnamese sizzling pancakes
Beef Bulgogi Meatballs
Homemade farfalle
I cook some blue eggs guys
Chocolate and banana pizza
Pre-sliced Sourdough
“Why is  food the best” great read.....
Imo’s pizza
OREO Brownies
Pho with leftover thanksgiving turkey
crab cake sandwich
Huevos Rancheros- Double Egg
banana bread muffins
Herb Crusted Lamb and Roasted Cauliflower
Ribs! oc
BROWNIES yumm....  - theses ones are with tahini and halwa (based on a recipe by Yotam Ottolenghi)
Basil, Garlic &amp; Mozzarella/ Pepperoni, Garlic &amp; Cheddar Pizzas!
Poached pear in cinnamon, vanilla, ginger sauce on top of genoise sponge cake, with eggnog icecream and medicated spicy ginger cookie crumble
Apple Pie, pumpkin pie, cookies, cupcakes and birdsnest.
Tonkatsu Udon Noodles
Oat Pancakes
Chocolate cupcakes with peanut butter frosting and a marshmallow center
Asian Style Nachos
Pan fried potatoes with a special homemade sauce!
HAM AND EGG BREAKFAST BURRITO: Smoked ham, scrambled eggs, diced potatoes and melted cheese wrapped in a flour tortilla. Served with fresh cut fruit.
Strawberry, mango, and blueberry daiquiri
choco-flan
Pheasant and Bulgar Pilaf
avocado and egg toast 🥑
Beef short rib and mashed sweet potato
Zaatar egg, basturma and atom labne on sourdough
Pizza - Balsamic onions, Bacon, Pecorino
Büche de Noel Christmas Cake
Halloween birthday cake!
Chef's Combination Sashimi
Gluten free pizza with Caputo "Fiore Glute" flour.
Sri Lankan Lunch: White rice with pumpkin curry, kankun leaf stir fry with grated coconut, achcharu - a Sri Lankan style pickle, spanish mackerel fish fry and plantain flower/banana blossom stir fry.
Chicken Veggie stir fry
Full beef rib and sides “”
Artisan Sweet Bread
This massive avacaodo. Normal sized next to pit for comparrison.
Stuffed pepper with rice, turkey chili, and chedar cheese.
Cheddar cheese scones
crunchy Nutella and banana stuffed French toast
Brownie Crackle Cookies &amp; homemade Banana Bread
Chanko Nabe
Chocolate cake with chocolate buttercream
Ciccioli.
Prime rib, mushroom, onion, green pepper and leftover homemade spinach and artichoke dip cheesesteak ft. Nando’s hot perinaise
Yu-sheng
Boeuf Bourguignon with Roseval potatoes
Level 7 Spicy Thai Basil Chicken with Rice
Egg white muffins, filled with sauteed mushrooms, onions, peppers, &amp; minced garlic.
Roasted butternut squash soup with San fran sourdough.
Sous Vide Strip Loin, mushroom, onion &amp; parmesan penne and greek salad.
Beans, tomato, onion and fried on lard with cracklings fusilli pasta
Lemon Curd tartlets with Italian Meringue
Strozzapreti
AAA Steak dinner
Chicken parm with homemade red sauce

Peanut chicken
avocado tomato and bacon benedict
Seared salmon w/ rosemary, garlic and lemon, roasted potatoes and sautéed spinach
Fresh Pita, how's that for pillow talk?
DIY taco bar
Flank Steak street style tacos
Cake with corn flour  cheap you won't believe
Woke up late and hungry #homemadesimple
Blood orange and olive oil upside-down cake
Cranberry Apple Christmas Wreath Pie
Saison pickled eggs.
Pork, Apple &amp; Fennel Pie
new to pickling stuff any tips would be handy
pesto spaghetti and burrata
Shakshuka with crumbled feta
Duck confit with pomme de terre à la Sarladaise, with roasted mushrooms and carrots, and beet puree
espresso pumpkin butter and Havarti cheese melt with cinnamon and nutmeg sprinkled on sourdough
Quasi Hungarian beef and mushroom stew on couscous.
overnight yeasty buttermilk bacon waffles with berry compote
Coq au Vin and Polenta
sweet potato gnocchi with Rapini and a butter sage cream sauce
my 2nd attempt for Beef Wellington. So much better.
seared scallops with jammy cherry tomatoes
Warning Pork smoking in progress!
Crunchy skin Pan-seared salmon with lemon butter
Hot Wings Cooked in an Air Fryer
Snow crab legs &amp; Seared Sea Scallops
Among Us Cookies and Cream Cupcakes
pulled lamb nachos
AAA Top Sirloin
Hearty Chicken Stew
Applewood Smoked Spicy Chicken Wings
Pancakes.
English Scones
Noodles with Egg and Broccoli
Roasted Beet Salad, Goat Cheese, Fresh Herbs, w/ Orange Zest Vinaigrette, and served cold.
No Bake Mazapan Cheesecake
kiwi chips topped with a dragonfruit/plum/lemon puree. Currently dehydrating!
Burrito with some eggs and advocado.
Hawiian Pizza with a Painkiller Cocktail
Puff Pastry Brioche
Watermelon loves me
Chinese/Nashville hot chicken sandwich served on homemade mantou bun with pickled radish
French toast made for the whole family
pancakes.
steak potatoes carrots 🥩🥔 🥕
Sourdough ruby chocolate chip cookies
Apple pie for Canadian thanksgiving
Neighbor brought me a plate of freshly fried carnitas.
Seafood boil 🤤
Calzone stuff with Rapini,Peppers,Provelone and Mozzarella cheese
Roast Beef
Pear &amp; Kiwi Slice with Almond Crumble Topping
Pork Belly Kimchi Fried Rice
Pie crust kitty cookies
Jerk chicken, fondant potatoes, and broccoli rabe.
Georgian Khachapuri.
French onion soup with cheesy toast
Tetelas &amp; a quesadilla
GOOD PHO YO SOUL | Little Miss Ha Season 1 Episode 3
Pot roast soup
Hainanese Chicken &amp; Rice
Chicken and Vegetable Ramen
coffe mug lava cake
Pasta aglio e olio with fresh pasta
Noodles with BBQ Pork and Wontons
sushi. Salmon, avocado, cream cheese and masago
winter squash and caramelized onion tart
Aloo Gobi
Just made these crab quesadillas
Preparation for Chinese New Year's eve Reunion Dinner
Mom's Menudo
Vermicelli with fish and vegetables in a sour-sweet sauce.
Cast iron seared Swordfish loin steak, Mashed sweet Potatoes w/ gravy, and roasted red pepper.
Squid
Chocolate Strawberry Fondant Roses
Chicken noodle soup, noodles are also homemade
Mini Naan pizzas in the air fryer
Tom yum and fried curry dumplings.
veal stew a la française.
Sweet potato cream stuffed crust, chicken texan BBQ pizza with korean twist
Easy to prepare Delicious Adai Dosha
a hamburger with waffle buns and strawberries
Rigatoni Alla Vodka. Inspired by an earlier post.
fresh-picked mulberries
Flank steak pinwheels with air fryer baby potatoes and oven-roasted asparagus
Burger with juicy Grilled chicken thigh, cheese, garlic mushrooms, caramelized onions,fresh basil and tomatoes!
SINnamon Rolls with cream cheese frosting
bacon spinach and eggs, avocado, shredded cheddar, cholula tacos
Kibbeh
brioche french toast
Grilling and straight CHILLLLLIN’ some  kebabs
Pernil (slow roasted pork leg)
Steak and fries
Roast pepper w/mozzarella, cherry tomato, basil, and olive oil.
"A Practical Guide To The Keto Diet Including Keto Recipes and Meal Plans For Beginners"
Sweet Beef Ragu Tagliatelle, Basil, Oregano &amp; Fennel Seeds
Italian Focaccia Bread
Egg, mushroom, toast
Món bánh quế WAFFLE KINH HOÀNG sẽ khiến bạn phải Đứng Hình😱Thánh Nấu Ăn ...
Alfredo Sauce Fussilli pasta with garlic bread.
Banana French Toast
Avocado Burrito bowl
Recipe Curried noodles with prawns
Broad beans shakshuka
Squid ink pasta with Grilled Cauliflower
Steak au Poivre with roasted brussel sprouts
I made sausage pinwheels with apples and sage
mushroom soup pizza
oven roasted Chinese style mensi chicken legs
Best Italian dish called Arrosticini
Grilled ribeye with bearnaise sauce, oven fries, and green beans
Vegan Chocolate Babka
Puff pastry tart
Halloween Quesadillas
Everything bread
Beef Stroganoff with New York Strip Steak
Suan Cai Yu, Sichuanese Poached Fish with Pickled Greens and Chilis (酸菜鱼)
Poached Honey Pears, Homemade Honeycomb, Madeira Crumb, Vanilla Honey Ice Cream, &amp; Crystallised Ginger.
fish tacos with salsa verde and guacamole
Jalapeño/cheese sourdough croutons
Parmesan vodka-less pasta! So easy to make in small and large quantities and so good.
yesterday I invited one to have dinner with me for Valentine's Day, i’m very happy!
(Homemade) Budae Jjigae
Trout tartare with fried trout skin chips.
Happy Brownie
Apple and almond sandwich cookies
Potpie filling on a bed of Parmesan garlic chive mash potatoes, and topped with a sunny side up egg
Cream of roasted tomato soup
BAGUETTE
Sous Vide Australian Wagyu New York Strip Steak w/ Pea Mint Puree
reviewing things that  from my local asian market // episode one
Grilled Buffalo Wings
Classic Scones with Jam &amp; whipped cream
fried rice with an omelette
Dinner to start the week off
Daniel Prude grand jury: Rochester, New York, police officers will not face charges in March 2020 death - USA TODAY
Pumpkin Cheescake
Chicken Fried steak sandwich mess.
Donut Recipe
Mashed Potato Cheese Balls
Jamaican Scotch Bonnet review from Linda's fiery treats
something random. Idk what I had it. Made it a while back
vanilla cake with chocolate.
Cubano melt w/ 2-olive remoulade
So, I saw this video a few year ago of a Reese's cup with worms in it, and I have been mentally scarred by that ever since. I recently ate a Reese's cup that had been lying around in the house for about 6 months-1 year. Could there have been worms in there I didn't see? i ate
Marinated chicken, gyro style with tzatziki sauce, tomatoes, lettuce, grilled onion, kalamata olives, jalapeños. All there just can’t see cause layers..
got drunk af and forgot my fishsticks in oven. This is what i woke up to
Smoked salmon eggs Benedict topped with pickled red onion
Vegan chocolate cake, ganache and icing sugar
Tenderloin with a red wine sauce, duchess potatoes, and asparagus
Risotto with fenugreek and peas
Jalapeño cheese poppers
My version of Banh Mi.  Korean Meatballs, pickles, and baguettes
breakfast pizza with sausage gravy, sausage, ham, egg, bacon, and cheese
Guinness Braised Short Rib with Mashed Potatoes
Pork schnitzel
peaches and peach jam on warm brioche
French pastries for my mom’s birthday!
Chicken tender sandwich with honey mustard, 2 grilled cheeses as buns, a fried egg, and bacon jam.
Sushi and stir fry
Soft tortilla wrap beef carpaccio with truffle mayonnaise arugula pine nuts a little bit a hot sauce
Sopapilla Cheesecake Bars
14 Anti-Aging Foods
Should pregnant women get the COVID-19 vaccine? Here’s what a doctor says - The Indian Express
Mearvan134
Fried Chicken Tender, Mushroom Country Gravy, White Chedder Grits
mixed berry cobbler
Lamb rib with creamy vegetables
Thin Crust Pepperoni &amp; Sausage Pizza with Mozzarella &amp; Gruyère Cheese
"" 4 Important Tips to Consider When Buying a Cake Online
Covid: New lockdowns for England and Scotland ahead of 'hardest weeks' - BBC NewsProud Boys leader arrested in the burning of Black Lives Matter banner, D.C. police say - The Washington Post
Baked Cheesecake
Sashimi / Poke / Nigiri
"Tesoro" cake
tomato, olive, basil focaccia
tripe Gordita plate
French toast and bacon
a Persian food
Sweet Potato, Bacon, Onion, &amp; Parmesan Sage Cream Pizza
Éclair
Sirloin steak and roasted broccoli
Made a deer boudin king cake with home made pepper jelly on top.
"Traditional Korean Breakfast" Triangle Kimbap
Bacon, Egg &amp; Cheese Sandwich
I made these egg rolls with pork
Honey Sriracha Chicken
My  lemon pie
Stuffed Omelet Tuesdays II
Pizza
Inspired by a post from yesterday. Baklava!
Chicken &amp; Mango Salad
scallion pancake
Thánh Nấu Ăn - Quái Vật Nấu Món Thịt Băm KINH DỊ Cho Halloween | Crazy ...
Naan pizza with muhammara sauce
Ham, Egg and Cheese
14 year old son made this I am proud
Chartudery boards for steak night
Not Your Abuela’s Carnitas Tacos
buttermilk fried chicken with waffles, halloumi and coleslaw.
Spiced Plum Custard Cake
Pecan Smoked Bacon
chicken parmesan to celebrate 11 years together
PHAT Chocolate Chip Cookies
seafood fried rice
Celebrated my birthday alone staying in, made Turkish eggs (Cilbir) to make it better
Urad Dal Ki Khasta Kachori II Halwai Jaisi Crispy Dal Bhari Khasta Kachori ""
Corndog recipe
Christmas Pickles
Gajar ka halwa tasty recipes.ingredient and how to make it click in link in bio to see
breakfast tacos
samosa | its amazing snacks
Budget BBQ Ballpark "burnt ends"
Fruit tanghulu
Nonya Kaya (Pandan Coconut Jam)
Homemade Big Mac with a side of Steak Fries 🔥
Brooklyn style cheese pizza
Lobster Dumpling with Butter Sauce
Spicy California Shrimp Stack
Chicken Asiago Pasta
Waffles with bacon
Spicy Lion's Mane Poutine
everything bagel.
Lamb Kebabs
Blueberry pie
Taco wrap
Pinwheel cookies
Italian Rainbow Cookies
Butter Herb Basted Steak and Eggs
Beef Ribs
peanut butter and bacon waffle
Pesto Jalapeño Chicken with White Rice Roasted Peppers and Roasted Herbed Potatoes..
Pork tenderloin en croute Italian style ( prosciutto, mozzarella, dried tomatoes, capers, grainy mustard )
. We made a pretty awesome bûche de noel for Christmas.
Venison goulash and tagliatelle
Orange Chicken &amp; Fried Rice
Bacon and mushroom fried rice
Christmas Dinner/ banquet! (Australia)
Beef Ragu
Beef, lamb and chicken kabab, beef koobideh with basmati rice and grilled tomato.
airfryer onion bhaji
My second Pizza Napolitana :)
Caprese salad: tomato, basil, mozzarella cheese
gingerbread men
Chicken Parm and Fettuccine Alfredo
breakfast sandwich - bacon avocado egg &amp; cheese
Levain double chocolate cookie with homemade vanilla ice cream and caramel vanilla gel
gnocchi mozzarella and cheddar bake
Lomo Saltado with Fried Egg
Cinnamon Buns
Cream Puffs!
Ribeye and roasted cauliflower
why most people won't like spicy foods. ? This is a spicy para fish grilled with garlic butter .. SPICY !!
fresh mode waffle with nuttela sauce kinder Bueno and chocolate shavings
shrimp and grits plated pic
Chicken with Black Beans, Rice and Chiles
Lobster rolls
Guac With Baked Lime &amp; Chilli Chips
Individual Black Forest cakes
pasta for Christmas dinner
Mushroom Pizza
Bacon wrapped chicken breasts
buttermilk fried chicken sandwich
Varanasi: Former BJP MLA seen beaten up in viral video, police investigation underway - BW Businessworld
Chicken Katsu with Basmati Rice (I suck at making rice)
Australia Day Roast Lemon Chicken, Rosemary Potatoes and Assorted Vegetable Sides
pizza !!❤️❤️😋😋
best method for coking okra ""'
Chole Bhature
Brown butter and Toffee Cookies
Oyster Mushroom
Roast Turkey, Homemade Gravy (w/ home made turkey stock), Garlic Mashed Potatoes, Cranberry Relish w/ Pomegranates, Green Bean Casserole, and Brussels Sprouts. Oh, and fresh Pumpkin Pie w/ Home Made Pie Crust and Hand Whipped Cream.
Cottage Pie
Cooking recipe: Airfryer Fries
Pumpkin chili and hatch green chile buttermilk cornbread
Boiled Cod with smashed potatoes and runny egg
Soked acorn squash with brown sugar and sausage pierogi
Steak salad w chopped tomato, radish, cucumber, apple, pepper jack, chives, and whole grain mustard balsamic vinaigrette
Kabuli Palau, the national dish of Afghanistan
Lamb and butternut stew with basmati rice
pancake
CLOUD BREAD
Mushroom and Cheese Omelette
Whole Wheat Baguette
Rice pudding with caramelized banana, cinnamon and almond flakes
Asian Flatbread, tomato curry ginger jam, rappini and feta
Smoked Beef Ribs.
Honey Chamomile Cake with Honey Buttercream
Because Monday’s need a dinner to look forward to. Surf n turf with sautéed mushrooms and grilled bell peppers.
Blueberry and hazelnut cobbler
Homemade Meat Muffins
clams cooked in white wine and herbs, shallots, and leeks
Gorditas
Have seen this much giant Banana Before? It's taste yummy.
Cassoulet. Oh fat is so good.
Chocolate-covered donuts.
homemade Peri Peri Nandos chicken with wings covered in Coconut and Peanut Curry sauce, spicy rice and thick cut Halloumi. Way better then Nandos.
braised pork belly Banh Mi
shoyu ramen
Valentines grazing table
Eggs Benny with Bacon.
Chinese-style Malatang Soup
Grilled polenta with Ragù Bolognese, Gorgonzola cheese and Taleggio cheese.
Ny Strip w/ chimichurri - reverse sear
Not letting age hinder you from doing the things you love
Cheese strudels
Wild rice porridge with home-made Brazil nut, dates &amp; walnut cream/milk
White Spelt Sourdough with Golden Flaxseeds
Stevia peanut butter filled chocolates
Scotch eggs on toasted ciabatta
Tomato Basil Pizza
Double Cheeseburger With Caramelized onions and truffle mayo
Authentic Indian Sweets for Wedding - Kailash Sweets &amp; Snacks
PB&amp;J popcorn in depth recipe and techniques by a local popcorn
Croissant Ham &amp; Swiss
Breakfast - Eggs, Bacon and Fruit
Snake River Wagyu NY Strip
Chicken &amp; Waffles with a Honey Habanero Sauce
Fried Rice with veggies and Tuna
Cured Salmon,buttermilk, compressed and fresh cucumber, preserved fennel, avocado tofu, roe, smoked salmon snow.
Tuscan Salmon in Blue Mashed Potatoes
Tomato Saffron Risotto w/ Broiled Scallops and Calamari
Fried Calamari
Beef Wellington Christmas dinner 😋
Avocado toast
Migas and refried black beans
Entrecôte
Suisses
Oeufs en Cocotte
chicken wraps!
Memphis style baby back ribs
Burrito Special for Mexican Independence Day!
Crab linguine with white wine &amp; garlic cream sauce.
Simple Cheeseburger
Pizza. Half clam, bacon and smoked paprika. Half artichoke, brussel sprouts and bacon.
Taiwanese Pepper Pork Buns
Mac n cheese made with buttermilk, cheddar and Parmesan, with fried lobster on top
You want a burrito? There’s ur burrito. (Best damn bfast burrito I made in my LIFE!!!) 🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤
Wine and cheese plates
Tuscan Sausage Tortellini Soup
Cinnamon apple pumpkin spice French toast, butter pecan syrup, pumpkin spice whipped cream, and fried chicken (right one was fried too hot)
Apple iPhone 13 camera, sensor, display -Here`s all we know about these 3 major features - Zee News
"Chopsticks" By. William Neal Slone
This is my first project for culinary class, what do you think? (Blueberry muffins)
sushi harmony
Turkey sandwich
smoked ham with ricotta garlic herb spread on a baguette
Scotch Eggs with Pickled Mustard Seeds and Radish Microgreens
Brazilian Breakfast
The huge breakfast from my local cafe, not a huge fan of eggs sunny-side up though. How do you like your eggs? 🍽🍴🍷
seasoned/seared and breaded pork chops.
Asian BBQ ribs
Charcuterie (Ham, Mortadella, Salame, Salumi, Cornichons, Guindillas de Ibarra Chillies, Sourdough Bread)
A plate of  chocolate macarons to ring in the New Year. Happy 2021 everyone ☺️
mini caramel cheesecakes
eggless pineapple cake
Cast Iron Greek Moussaka
Stir Fried Noodles
beef ramen and dumplings
British Philly Cheesesteaks
chive, pork n prawn dumplings
Cinnamon apple pie (baked)
my SO makes near perfect tortillas
Some of the best clams I’ve ever had in my life
buttermilk pancake
avocado and mulberry breakfast treat
Vegetarian Mushroom Creole over cheese grits
my mom made this mirror glaze cake for my Bday
Snowstorm Beef and Bean Chili
chocolate cake with Brandy cream
Bananes frites Salade de carrotes et de choux et poitrine de porc grillé
Pork meatballs,chickpea curry with baby spinach, cucumber and bocconcini salads
Teaching the little one how to make sushi.
Cheddar Chive Biscuits
Pork Cracklin
Indian teatime snack. Sabudana Vada
Fresh sourdough
Seared Scallops and Charred Mexican Corn!
Ricobene’s breaded Steak sandwich Chicago, Il
Australian wagyu beef. Greatest meat sensation of my life!
Louisiana Chicken Pasta
Myanmar's coup protests are different from past demonstrations, researcher says - CNBC
Christmas Eve Dinner
Sunday Roast
The Triple B - Beef Bulgogi Bimbimbap. Sweet soy beef, veg, homemade kimchi, fried egg and Korean chilli sauce.
Korean Beef Bowl
Authentic Cuban perñil, 8 lb. pork shoulder, marinated overnight and roasted 4 hours with homemade mojo.
Chicken Marsala with mashed potatoes and asparagus. Divine
Homemade cinnamon rolls sprinkled with pearl sugar
Chicken Soup Recipe/Chicken Chinese Soup/Homemade Stock Recipe/best recipe by chef faizan ahemd
loaf of Sourdough (my own starter and recipe)
All Belly Porchetta with Parsley, Garlic, Lemon Zest &amp; Spices.
Chicken Biriyani &amp; fried tomato sauce
Beef Wellington that was made with a friend’s recipe
Steamed Cake at a roadside Cakeshop.
pork ramen and gyoza
Late summer salad - Watermelon, cantaloupe, cucumber, grilled halloumi, jalapeño peppers, red onion, mint, lime and honey
a cinnamon roll
Cara Cara orange hollowed and filled with Blood Orange Grand Marnier custard. Orangy!!!
Spicy curry udon
Chicken Cheesesteak
Burritos with pulled chicken, handmade tortillas.
eggs and bacon
Crispy Gnocchi with Brussels sprouts and browned butter
Banana cake filled with nutella ganache, toasted hazelnuts, caramelized bananas, and nutella swiss meringue buttercream
500g Dry Aged Tomahawk Steak
Shallow Poached Branzino
Made a vegan dinner with Mexican flavors with roasted butternut squash, sautéed zucchini, squash, onion, black beans, with a pumpkin seed, cilantro, onion, jalapeño, lime pesto. Garnished with radish and cilantro.
Turkey Chili With Roasted Corn
Chicken, Broccoli, and rice
Practice Turkey before Christmas
Crispy oven baked chicken
Beef tenderloin with red wine sauce, croquettes and salsify in cream sauce with pumpkinseed oil
Guinness beef stew
Hanukkah Eggs Benedict on Latkes with Smoked Salmon and Chives
Fresh Mozzarella
i am an amateur circle pie fan and love makin pies
Chewy Oatmeal Cookies &amp; Vanilla Icing
Tenderloin Lolipops w/ Chimichurri
Raising Cane's fried chicken and sauce
Soup! Mussels, chickpeas, fennel, sausage, and kale. Not pretty, but packed with flavor.
prawn summer rolls with dipping sauces
Dosa, Sambar and Coconut Chutney
Sous Vide Duck Eggs in Panko Breadcrumbs with Bacon &amp; Salad
Grilled teriyaki chicken tacos
Creamy Shawarma Sauce Recipe | How To Make Shawarma ""
Sticky Toffee Pudding with Custard
Pasta Carbonara With Pancetta
Vanilla Mug Cake!
Sweet and Sticky Ribs (sweet Asian chili)
Instant ramen with chicken, veggies, pickled onions and fried egg
Penne a la vodka.
Brioche loaf with honey.
New Year New Me - Fillet Steak, Dijon Carrot Mash, Charred Corn, Smoked Paprika Air Fried Potato's (608 calories)
Daughters 4th day called for making a couple pizzas!
Sweet potato gnocchi in a rosemary brown butter sauce, garnished with hazelnuts, chives, and shaved parm
Individual Beef Wellingtons
Rigatoni in a vodka sauce
thanksgiving leftover sandwich
Pina Colada
chocolate brownie
Beef, Broccoli, and Carrots.
Wagyu x Kobe Beef Cheeseburger
Smoked herb and butter turkey with apple and sausage stuffing
Italian beef sandwiches
flourless chocolate cake
Rye bread
Obligatory Christmas dinner shot: USDA Prime 1 st cut prime rib, and etc.
Pernil sándwich y plátanos. Pork shoulder marinated in mojo sauce, homemade panini bread. Family Puerto Rican recipe.
Pizza with red sauce, baby spinach, red onion, and jalapeños.
steak tartare
Cast Iron - No Knead - Cheese and Mushroom Pizza with Peppers and Broccoli.
Ribe Eye on the grill
Baked Eggplant with Vegetables
Seared buttered scallops on authentic carbonara
smoked chicken wings.
Got this  from my boss for a good job this year..... thought originally he got it for my cake day:(
Strawberry and whipped cream cake
Evening Snack yummy Rice and Jaggery Donut and Jaggery Coffee
Bacon Chicken, Cajun Rice Christmas Stuffed Peppers..
Sheppard’s pie
Pizza we've been perfecting during quarantine
Fried Quail
Jalebis
Garlic Rosemary Butter Salmon with Asparagus and Fingerling Potatoes
Dutch Mini Pancakes
a Chicken Strip that was shaped like a Popcorn Shrimp last night
Buttermilk Biscuits with Jimmy Dean Sausage Gravy
Walnut cake with vanilla buttercream Icing
Jollof Rice with baked chicken n potatoes
Pork belly and steamed rice
Grilled Cheddar Sandwich
Japanese savory pancake (Okonomiyaki)
Sourdough Pizza With Burnt Ends &amp; BBQ Sauce.
gochujang chicken wings (Korean fried wings)
Tbone steak with chimichurri and croquettes
Triple Hash-Browns “All the way”
mexican tacos
Besar dahi machha in Odia, Sorse dahir maach in Bengali, mustard paste and curd fish curry in English
Butternut squash soup with roasted beets and cheesy garlic bread
Pozole: The best Mexican food for holidays
An Texas Teacher’s Video Of Students Hugging Went Viral, She Died From COVID-19 After Spending Weeks On A Ventilator - CBS Dallas / Fort Worth
food according to this
Pea feata and mint frittata with oven roasted kale
Steak sandwich on Ciabatta wigh garlic mayo, Arugula, Carmelized onions and Gorgonzola.
Japanese food
Shrimp &amp; bacon skewers, cheesy potatoes and broccoli
mussels in white wine sauce
Fried Chicken and mash
Crispy Chips
Cheeseburger, with onion rings and shrimp. Housed in black toast.
Kebab Halabi, Mutabbel, Muhammara &amp; Fattoush
Chocolate Tahini Rugelach
first attempt at breakfast for dinner
White Chocolate/Lemon Cheesecake
buttermilk fried chicken nuggets and crinkle cut russet potato fries
berry tart
Feeling a little home(food)sick. So I decided to make  Manti (aka. Turkish Ravioli or maybe Turkish Dumplings).
Grilled cheese (Old Amsterdam) on nutty sourdough bread with Andalouse dressing, pickles, onion and lovely Scottish smoked salmon
Filipino Chicken Tinola Soup
Golden Chicken Fried Rice!
I made tostilocos
Beef, onion, mushroom pizza with garlic crust.
beef short rib prepped for sousvide
Keto Eggs Benedict
Jardinière. Spring vegetables and bacon sticks.
Drumstick bolognese rigatoni
Snack platter with hummus.
Pork chops, cheesy hashbrowns and fried eggs
Spatchcock Turkey | Dry Brine
arugula salad
Burgers
fried silk worms &amp; grasshoppers.
Pork Loin, Smoky Cheese Grits, Onions &amp; (Canned) Green Beans
Thai spice ribs (made by friend and they were delicious)
Corned Beef
Sweet dumpling squash filled with leftover rice, bacon and Orval cheese
Hainanese Chicken Rice
Bacon Garlic Parm Scallops
Vegan Sunday roast. Harrisa roasted cauliflower, roast potatoes, orange glazed carrots, cavalo nero and onion gravy
a giant cinnamon roll
Chicken Parm + Broccoli ✨🍗🍅🧄🥦 ✨
Filet, Lobster Mac, Wedge Salad, and yeast rolls.
Paratha coated with butter
Chicken Tikka Masala with rice. Originated, cooked and eaten in Glasgow, Scotland
Cast-iron pizza
Grilled top round with crispy potatoes and brussels in a honey mustard sauce.
a slice of cheesecake
Crawfish boil for two.
Filet mignon, hoisin shrimp, green beans and white rice.
Scrambled eggs with soy sauce and scallions
Smoking some butts. Happy Sunday!
strawberry &amp; blueberry milkshake
Peanut Butter Cup Cake Cross Section
Happy Holidays from Santa and his cookies!
Pepperoni, prosciutto, basil pizza
Yakitori. I used indoor grill because it was snowing outside. It would have been better to grill this using charcoal.
this beautiful cheese platter
Dolma
funnel cake
Ciopinno with Italian squid ink Ciriola &amp; whipped gremolata butter
Taco Bell Mexican Pizza
Julia Child’s Beef Burgundy.
Fruit and Nut Chocolate Cheesecake
This Lotus biscuit doughnut.
Hot Roll.
Tzatziki Fritters
Omakase Nigiri
Cuban Dip
Sweet potato curry soup.
Pasta Fazool
Lasagne
Crispy detroit style pizza
Ham, scrambled eggs and biscuits
Clam Chowder with bread.
48hr French Onion Soup
char siu bao
Birria Quesatacos
French salad, wiener schnitzel, ajvar and cheese
KY Breakfast
Prosciutto wrapped, cherry stuffed chicken; green beans w/ almonds and crispy shallots; rice pilaf
Bacon macaroni and cheese
Chocolate Chip Pancake with bacon and eggs
Slow cooked beef, mushrooms, porcini n red wine stew, garden salad with Balsamic vinaigrette, garlic rice
Roasted lemon butter brussels
Baked Mac and Cheese
Salmon &amp; Lobster with sweet potato hash and sweet corn butter sauce
Chả Giò (Vietnamese fried spring rolls)
Philly Cheesesteak w/French Fries
Crispy Falafel
Pork Katsu with basmati rice
Bagel pepperoni pizza with peppers
Sliced Beets and Grilled Asparagus
Fried chicken sandwich with buffalo hot sauce
Lemon roasted chicken &amp; potatoes with herbs, veg &amp; lemon herb gravy
Lobster and baked potato for a special Thanksgiving!
roasted hazelnut caramel shortbread bars
chocolate chunk cookies.
Russian Breakfast. The perfect soft boiled egg with toast soldiers, a simple tomato and bell pepper salad, and to polish off your breakfast, a simple salami and havarti sandwich to enjoy with hot sweet tea
Cheesy Ghost Mashed Potatoes
Grilling a steak on my charcoal starter...
Shrimp and tofu khao soi with crispy shallots, cilantro, and lime.
Korean Fried Chicken and Tacos
Ratatouille
chicken rice and veggies
Poached Egg
Chicken strip melt
-Bánh mì (cold cut &amp; lemongrass chicken)
Thánh Nấu Ăn - Làm Thịt Xiên Nướng từ MINECRAFT Ngoài Đời Thực-Crazy Che...
Melted Snowman Oreo Ball Army
Baby Okara cooked in cilantro tomato sauce, ground beef over basmati rice
Fried Chicken sandwich
Sohan
scallops and caprese salad
Spicy Melting Potatoes
Peanut butter/chocolate cheesecake with chocolate ganache and Reese's cups
Pan seared steak with roasted potatoes, roasted carrots and steamed broccoli
lettuce, tomato Bacon, egg, and cheddar on a toasted English muffin
How To Make Aubergines With Olive Oil
ImPEACHment pie
Spinach, tomato, mozzarella, jalapeno and egg on a homemade tea biscuit.
New York Style Bagels
Dutch Baby Pancakes
Pizza with cauliflower/cheese crust.
Would you consider the steak medium rare, rare or blue?
Sarawak noodles with ground chicken &amp; fish balls .
Apple pie 🍎
All States To Begin Coronavirus Vaccine Dry Run Today: 10 Points - NDTV
Mini Venezuelan Arepas
➡️ Mango, Charcoal, or Sour Plum?
Pad thai and thai shrimp cucumber salad!
Korean Pork Belly Dinner With Kimchi Stew and Other Banchan
Chicken parmigiana soup.
Raindeer, vegetables and a tower of pear and potato slices.
Pumpkin Spiced Meringues
Wellington#2138473423
mini apple pie
Spaghetti
homemade chicken schnitzel with coleslaw and julienne fries
Spaghettis
fancy ramen - link to recipe/guidance in comments
Lamb, olive, and goat's cheese Souvlaki
sukiyaki with an egg yolk for dipping
a "WAFFLEICIOUS" from Pür &amp; Simple
Steamed shrimp with grilled pineapple and rum sauce in pineapple bowls
Egg curry
Smoke/roasted duck
pulled pork and bacon omelet with jalapeño cheddar.
Surf and turf with a side of ice cream
Chicken Curry - South Indian Style
Twinkie weenie sandwich
Tres Leche Cake
Hotpot tonight
Garlic alfredo sauce pizza with spinach, grape tomatoes, mozzarella cheese, and bacon!!
Osaka style Okonomiyaki
Greens black bean chili
leek risotto and asparagus
Chicken Roulade stuffed with Red Pesto, on a bed of Pea Puree
Pan seared Nys with garlic and thyme
chocolate coconut donuts
Blueberry scones with lemon glaze
Top 10 viral videos to come out of Saskatchewan in 2020 - Global NewsStimulus bill makes food stamps more generous. What you need to know - CNBC
Baker, teachers unions trade barbs as educators seek quicker vaccines or delay to full school openings - The Boston Globe
Pepperoni, jalapeno and hot honey pizza
potato peas masala/ potato peas curry for chapathi/ potato peas gravy in...
fried yamaimo
Christmas Pizza Tree
Bacon cheeseburger (American and muenster) w grilled red onion.
Toad in the hole
chili and (skull) cornbread.
Best Tattoo Ever
Raspberry Scones
Korean carbonara ramen with beef meatballs
Teriyaki chicken donburi
tacos de carne asada
Calzones
Lemon drizzle cake
Apple Pie. Currently too hot to cut. Will post cross section tomorrow.
: What to do with leftover dinner of giving thanks... MAKE STOUP!! 😁
Chicken and steak fajitas
lentils in lemon shallot dressing
Cannabutter Palmiers
potatoes over rice
Guacamole &amp; Chips
Dunkaroo Doughnut
EDIBLE Play-Doh Foo #2: Comer POLLO FRITO - Kluna Tik ASMR Mukbang sounds
Wal-Mart $1000 gift card giveaway. Sign up and get a chance to win $1000 Wal-Mart gift card.
Al Pastor Tacos
Yellow beans abd veggies soup
Oven-baked veggie spring rolls
Grilled Ribeye w/Baked Potato and Garlic Rosemary Butter
Spaghetti bolognes
my girlfriend tried cooking rice. I cried.
beer batter fried mahi mahi tacos with chipotle sauce
Coconut Key Lime Grouper with Rum sauce and Caribbean style Beef pot roast
Air fried potato skins and chicken wings
Pea Picking Cake
Chocolate Coconut Cookies
Pepperoni and sun dried tomato 🍕
How much will vaccine cost at private hospitals? Here's what govt says - Hindustan Times
Chicken Alfredo with Broccoli and Mushrooms...and lots of Parmesan
Baked tacos with peppers, onions, and chiles
Tricolor goat biryani
House Democrats poised to pass Biden’s $1.9 trillion relief plan despite setback on minimum wage - The Washington Post
Dill pickle pretzels
Some Chicken Parmesan Sliders
in n out double double
Progression: baked enchiladas for dinner, migas for breakfast
Pork roast dinner with extra crackling
apple pie (Tarte aux pommes)! Simple recipe
Chocoflan Recipe - How To Make The Impossible Cake
Not the best plating, but I am proud of what I made! Roasted eggplant over couscous with a spicy tomato sauce, balsamic tahini dressing, cilantro lemon hot sauce all topped with some grated Parmesan!
General Tso’s chicken - my second attempt!
Steak Gyros
Roasted-Tomato Salsa
Roasted Pork Tenderloin with Mashed Sweet Potatoes and Carrots w/ Mushroom &amp; White Wine Pan Sauce
4 Easy Chicken Breast  Recipes
Tacos de Carnitas
Broccoli, Cauliflower, prosciutto, and 5 cheeses quiche in a deep dish pie pan.
Skillet potato/egg/bacon hash
New York Cheesecake with Strawberry Compôte
Red(ish) Velvet
Steak fries covered in chopped steak &amp; onion and Mexican blend shredded cheese
I’m 15. I made this budget breakfast
Beef Pot Roast and Yukon Mashed Potatoes
Street style chicken tacos
pizza casera de arrachera con chorizo y queso Chihuahua.
Crispy chicken with a toasted walnut-cilantro sauce
smoked scorpion pepper chicken wings
Pumpkin Bread with Spiced Orange Glaze
Most Chewy Chocolate Cookies!
Broccoli, cheese and onion tart
Mashed Potatoes
Neapolitan with mushroom, kalamata, prosciutto and arugula.
Hershey Reese’s PB-Chocolate Brownies
Linguine with Seared Scallops
Hotdog with jalapeño, Colby jack cheese, brown mustard, mayonnaise, and black peppers, Chyanne pepper, and parsley
chili
Four cheese baked macaroni and cheese with graham cracker pepper streusel.
Wagyu steak, mashed potatoes, bacon-wrapped French beans, fried onions, red wine sauce
Butternut squash soup, beet salad with candied pecans and goat cheese
Korean Jajangmyeon, Black Bean Paste Noodles
Cajun Fries
Fried Chicken- See ishti_eats on instagram for method
Moosecalf tenderloin with risotto and a redwine sauce.
My 2nd attempt at Yorkshire Pudding
Cupcake burgers and cookie fries
Beef and Chickpea Stew
Swedish sandwich cake
japanese custard, poached quince, sweet dukkah
A bit of surf and turf for thanksgiving this year.
Chicken Noodle soup at home
lobster
Undercooked salmon and potatoes w/ mediocre asparagus. I followed the recipes to a T and got shit results!
Teenage girl surprises her prom date by walking for the first time in 10 months
Community Will Create Action In Global Food Systems Dialogue Says World Food Prize Laureate - Forbes
Halal Cart Chicken and Rice Plate
Biden meets 'Quad' leaders as U.S., allies step up efforts to counter China - NBC News
Pork Baby Back Ribs
Piña Colada Tres Leches Cake
Fresh Pickle using Orange skin
sharcooteree
Cheese penguins
m&amp;ms
Bulgogi marinated chicken fried rice
slow roasted pork belly, sage and onion stuffing with sausage, apple, cider gravy.
Tamil feast
30 inch gargantuan pizza
Turkey
4 Important Grilling Safety Tips For Kids
Japanese curry with chicken
don katsu bowl
Lamb meatball gyro
Pizza cornicione napoletana TEST
Not quite paella
a happy thanksgiving pair of roast... chicken. Felt like a little much to buy a whole turkey this year.
Vichysoisse with diced Iberian ham, toasted bread and poached egg
Turkish Pide with Greek Zaziki on a German plate
“”Camarão na moranga/ shrimp on the pumpkin....I love to make this Brazilian dish for Thanksgiving !!! I can keep the American tradition with a little taste of Brazil 🧡
Salty caramer cupcake
You had me at Tacos
Blackened Tilapia and Lemon Jalapeno Cucumbers
Duck. Beer. Wine. Xmas
Oatmeal pancakes
French fries with mayonaise
This charcuterie board I made. Pretty excited with how it came out😊
Rib roast with fluffy yorkshire pudding
attempt at a Pequod’s style pizza with caramelized cheese crust.
Bulgogi Beef with Shiitake Mushrooms and Kimchi
tex mex pizza sauce
Cao Chè Vằng Đà Nẵng - 100% Thượng Hạng - Vuonnhien.vn
Crunchwrap
A favor for a college student.
Shin Ramyun with a twist
Confit tomatoes and ricotta on freshly baked sourdough
Tteokbokki (Korean Rice Cakes)
Just a little seafood dinner. Cod fillet and sea scallops with sautéed bell peppers and roasted zucchini
Potmeal
Happy National Pancake Day! 🥞
Ezekiel toast topped with avocado, eggs with spinach.
Tokyo Smoked Pork &amp; Pickled Garlic Ramen
Chicken Noodle Soup
Squid Ink Paella
Yuppie Burger! Cheddar on the burger, with tomato, dijonaise, with spinach and egg tossed in a bacon vinaigrette!
Steak and eggs
Banana Nutella Crepes
food truck tacos
BBQ Pork Intestine
peanut butter dark chocolate chip cookies. GF
https://ift.tt/3j1F6ib
pumpkin risotto
Pulled Pork Pizza W/ Alabama White Sauce
Smoked Tri-tip, grilled asparagus, grilled sweet peppers and rice.
spaghetti with garlic cheese bread
Pepperoni, ham, salami, green pepper, onion, mushrooms and jalapeño pizza
Only one way to polish off the rest of my 6.5 hour smoked pork butt....TACOS!!!
Airfried Mac&amp;Cheese Balls
Shanaya Kapoor Slays with Her Sexy Dance Moves in This Viral Video, Watch Here - News18
Marinate Camembert
Farm raised rabbit in red wine and carrots.
Beef Pho authentic style
Banana + Chili Hot Sauce
Osso bucco with homemade pastas and gremolatta
Mushroom, kale, red onions, mozzarella pizza on no knead Neapolitan dough.
Tamales with beans and Spanish rice
a Welsh rarebit &amp; sun-dried tomato grilled sandwich on fresh sourdough
Apple Hand Pies!

Carne Asada Torta!
Smoked, St. Louis style ribs
chicken pie
mango baked chicken with curly kale, garlic and tomato hash
A hamburger topped with fried egg, praline bacon and sharp cheddar cheese
Fresh caribou tenderloin steaks
Pizza on my pellet grill.
Clean-Out the Refrigerator Omelette!
Plum Pudding
Caramel and marshmallow bonbons
SpaceX launches record batch of satellites in first in-house rideshare mission - The Verge
Tonkotsu ramen in London
Ham Egg n’Cheese on a Soft Potato Roll
Tortiere with Red Wine Gravy
Double 3 cheeses burger with bacon
Whiskey-Glazed Sweet Potatoes
Do people put ranch on pizza?!?
Nachos
Cooking fried cutlet 🍖 with ham and cheese 🧀 drowned in milk🥛
Poutine
Boiled crab
Om Ali - Egyptian Bread Pudding
creamsicle air max 97s idk if these belong here but since I got inspired from a food I figured it might
Rye Loaf with Apricots/Palm Sugar
Cooking garlic in butter. Green foam on top. Is this alright?
Assortment of Christmas cookies
- Strawberry Bingsu (shaved ice with milk)
fudge crinkles (brownie cookies)
I made a porterhouse to kick off the year right.
Shredded chicken and shredded beef enchiladas
Easy potato pancake - savoury and tasty- worth a try!
Finger Buns.
shrimp jerky botana
Top Sirloin.
sausage and onion thin crust pizza
steak topped with blue cheese and honey garlic asparagus!
Walleye tacos with slaw
reverse-seared prime ribeye; pomme purée; braised greens; pan sauce.
Lasagna from homemade pasta, italian sausage, and bechamel.
Pasta Risottata w/mushrooms
F
Some bourbons and brown sugar beef stew 🤤🤤🤤
Brie, cranberry, walnut and rosemary bites
Braised shortrib and cabbage with fried rice
eggplant parm x lasagna x avocado toast
Spooky chocolate cupcakes!
Club Sandwich with Tomato Basil Soup
Garlic smashed potatoes
budae jiggae
TG away from my family &amp; in a new country. Couldn’t travel so made an alternative  thanksgiving feast instead.
Japanese Style Curry
Japanese curry!
Grilled beef tenderloin with mashed potatoes. I grilled the tenderloin with SPG on my Weber kettle with a small piece of hickory.
Burgers
Cajun shrimp on a toasted roll with heirloom tomato and bang bang sauce
Marinated chicken thighs and blackened veggies over cilantro-lime brown rice
SimpleCookingTV Ph
Churros with Mexican Chocolate Sauce
Lemon cupcakes with lemony creame cheese frosting!
🍕 😋
Telugu food recipes. link below 👇
Leftover Mashed Potato Pancakes
Stuffed Poblanos
cheeseburger with mushrooms and onions.
Chili Con Carne
Carne Asada nacho fries
Korean fried chicken and turkey leg
Apple Galettes from my bakery.
Espaguetis a la crema de pimientos del piquillo
baked eggplant with barley risotto and pesto, feta, semi-dried cherry tomatoes, balsamic vinegar and watercress.
“” Somon
Quesadilla
Macarons with a chocolate espresso ganache filling
braised lamb shank with wild mushroom risotto
3rd T20I: Rishabh Pant run out after terrible mix-up with Virat Kohli – WATCH - Hindustan Times
chorizo with vegetable rice
Taquitos dorados
Double cheeseburger with BBQ brisket and chilli relish
Parmesan air fried cauliflower wings

Kebab meat with fries and a whisky
french toast with berry compote &amp; maple yoghurt
stone crab—the bounty of La Florida
steamed radish with rice and egg
Fried Grasshoppers with Chili Oil
If it's not fall it's close enough: chili and cornbread (in the shape of a skull.)
Easy Santa Fe Sofrito Marinated Chicken Breast with corn salsa, topped with Mex blend cheese, ask for recipe
Fruit Trifle - Fun Cooking Activity with Kids
Stuffed Mozzarella Chicken Breast with Balsamic Vinegar Sauce
Smoked Spatchcock Chicken
Coffee Cake Muffins
ciabatta bread
Sticky, onion-y pork joint
Chx cutlets
Beef steak bite
Coffee Bean Cookies
BBQ pork and biscuits
Prime brisket with burnt ends.
Knifedog
Shiba Inu enjoying a walk
Hell Ham
Tagliatelle with beef and chicken liver ragu
Strawberry donuts
Salmon with fried capers, fresh herbs, lemon-garlic cream sauce.
Japanese Milk Bread
Venison smash burger
Chilli cheese toast
Tuna Tartare
Made some of my famous chili. It’s probably the thing I do best.
Spicy eggplant stir fry with broccoli (and steak)
Shrimp and Grits with Country Ham
Pancit Canton (Filipino noodles stir-fry with pork and vegetables)
Ham and Swiss sandwich on fluffy French toast bread topped with an egg and potatoes on the side
Smoked Salmon Chowder in a bread bowl and three bean salad
Jambalaya
meatloaf sandwich, wrapped in bacon and covered with mashed potatoes and gravy.
UN Food Systems Summit - Action Track 2 Public Forum - World Health Organization
Breakfast @ Doc’s Diner Key Largo (turkey sausage, scrambled eggs w swiss &amp; spinach, hash browns with onions &amp; bacon)
eggs Benedict with bacon and avocado
eej salad
Houston Texas BBQ plate, beef and Turkey brisket, Mac, slaw, white bread
Neapolitan Pizza
NY Strip Steak (Rare)
mini pumpkin pies!
Spicy Pork Vindaloo on Basmati Rice with Garlic Naan and Mango Lassi
Chateaubriand, honey glazed carrots, chips with a side of Mac &amp; Cheese
Honey BBQ Wings
COBALT sandwich. Cheese, onion, bacon, avocado, lettuce, and tomato.
Cinnamon Rolls with pink icing for Valentine’s Day and Bacon. Cheers!
Roommate’s celebratory spread- happy Lunar New Year!
BLTA and fries
Seafood Spanish "Fideuá" with Basil and parsley All i oli sauce (garlic and oil emulsion).
Rectangle pizza of mine.
1. cauliflower rice with cream cheese and chives. 2. Italian sausage and 3. collard greens, almonds artichoke hearts and onions
The caramel drippings from my cake formed a caramel tree on the paper.
Cheese
Oriental beef and rice
Fresh made bagels to start the day
Triple choc brown butter cookies with sea salt
Garlic Bread
Activated charcoal and vitamin C gummy McPizza with raspberry and ketchup sauce (cheddar)
Gluten free baby cheddar boule!
BBQ chicken pizza with bacon, peppers &amp; onions
Risotto with shrimp and zucchini
Fish and Chips with Homemade Tartar Sauce
the chicken sandwich mentioned on SNL last night. Birdsong, SF
grilled chicken salad with blueberries and cherry tomatoes.
Brown butter mustard cream linguine
Crispy bottom Veggie Buns - Recipe
Thai Egg Omelette
Caramelsauce cake
Cod ceviche with sweetpotato hummus
Parmesan crusted chicken w/ homemade linguine and basil pesto
Asian Inspired Veggie Stir-fry w/ Tofu
Savory Ricotta pie, with feta, spinach and ham
cheesy eggs over croissant, bacon and asparagus.
vegetarian ramen
Japanese Breakfast
meatloaf.
iron skillet filet mignon
Dorito taco pasta salad
Omelette
Immersion blender chicken nuggets and homemade mayo
Fried Salmon nuggets and homemade Cajun buttermilk ranch. Recipe is in comments
Cream cheese, smoked cheddar, diced bacon, and jalapeno stuffed pork loin.
Tomato Sandwich
Chili Chicken Skewers
Oh my God! chef You must have "" somewhere in your title.
club sandwich and frozen-bag fries
Pizza casserole
Baked Chicken and Potatoes
sun dried tomato chopped garlic and goat cheese crumble, pan pizza.
Italian Sandwich
Grilled lobster tail
Brownie walnut chunk cookies
Sous vide rack of lamb
"" Barbecue Making Techniques
Spinach-Lentil Dal with Garlic-Butter Naan
A meal I made using up what I had in the fridge- Crostini encrusted tilapia, krab stuffed mushrooms, coleslaw with black sesame seeds and mustard seeds, and a chipotle aioli
roast chicken Sunday lunch
Lamb steak
Pechuga empanizado, cauliflower “mashed potatoes” and a salad.
GIANT White Chocolate Macadamia Nut Cookie
7M+ Wagyu
Black Bean soup
Steak with mash potatoes and mixed veggies with gravy
Duck a l’orange with butternut squash squash, celeriac and sweet potato mash with a side of green beens!
Cast Iron “fast flip” Sirloin (Fajita Night)
Sweet chili chicken and fried rice.
Scrambled eggs, with melted cheese, ketchup and coffee
sweet sour fish
TRADITIONAL INDIAN MAKAR SANKRANTI SWEET TREATS
Oven roasted turkey, green bean casserole, squash and carrot mash, cranberry sauce, roll and mashed potatoes with home made turkey gravy
Close-up of  Izmir Köfte
Epic Burger - with roasted veggies, Brie and smoked maple-espresso cured smoked bacon on a brioche bun 😆🥳
Teriyaki salmon and veg fried rice
Breakfast pizza (potato, bacon, caramelized onion, scallions, fried eggs)
Sorry to be a bother is this cooked ? It was sausage just worried it wasn’t
Slow cooked pork ribs and baked sweet potato.
bought bater so partial made takoyaki
slider buns!
Garlic Onion Bagels
pan seared pork chops
smilely potatoes, canned baked beans, hotdogs sans buns, and roast cauliflower.
Baked beans with eggs for Brekkie
Bruschetta!
Christmas Ham 🍖Easy to Make!
Cuban Rесіреѕ The Most Must Get Recipes Whаt uѕuаllу comes into your mіnd, whеn уоu talk аbоut Cuban Rесіреѕ? It саn bе food іngrеdіеntѕ, can bе a formula оf cooking, оr a set оf instructions on how tо cook. Either way, соmmоn ѕеnѕе would simply tеll uѕ thаt іt is аll about FOOD.
mushroom
X-Mas tradition, a poppy seed cake. This year with amaretti, mascarpone and Sheridan’s liqueur.
Pork belly on stick
Ground Spaghetti with Advil on ice
Chole chawal
Caramel Sticky Buns
Shredded chicken enchiladas with Mole sauce
Chocolate Cake with Cream and Cherries
Smoked brisket on my new smoker
🔻 need a caption please🔻
incredible Fried Chicken Biscuit with honey-sriracha aioli. The patty was huge and crispy. Let the fast-food giants have their chicken wars. For me, the battle has been won.
Fish Chowder Pie
Soy milk
Chankonabe
Surf and turf I made tonight
Zimtsterne!
Broccoli cheddar quiche
Pork Shoulder
Baileys Cheesecake Brownies
Big Mac and Fries
Empanada pie — Shortcrust pastry with Argentinian beef empanada filling
Cherry and Rose Italian Creme Soda
sweet and spicy turkey wing with couscous "fried rice" and hot pickled broccoli.
Elk from the deep abyss of my girlfriends freezer  this alone at 2am am I a good person
Lamb's lettuce, tomato and nuts salad, toast with goat's cheese, Brazil nuts and balsamic vinegar
Lobster Bisque
rice and cabbage which I miss because We ranout of food and we have a debt in the store where we get food from,the problem was to go and explain what happened so that we can get more food and pay later due to uncertainty,we don’t have enough funds for food.
Tomato Soup &amp; Grilled Cheese
Ramen with Korea dumplings
Baked potatoes and chicken thighs with a sweet/salty rub, topped with Parmesan. Simple and delicious.
Kidney bean, aubergine and courgette curry with seasoned long grain rice.
Kanelbullar, Swedish cinnamon knots
Shrimp tacos with a Chipotle Mayo
Brekkie. I made it for myself and my mum (because why not) and it was DELICIOUS. Fried leftover baked potato, with a bit of onion, is AMAZING.
Pumpkin spice canneles de Bordeaux, with browned butter and bourbon.
Beef Shami Kebab
Western style bento box, avocado, bacon, Greek home fries, tri-colour roasted carrots, mango, red swiss chard
Chocolate orange cupcakes
NYT No-knead bread: 2nd try
BBQ ribs!
Octopus Carpaccio
Sourdough French Toast w/ Caramelized Bananas and Toasted Pecans
Tested some panko fried deviled eggs. Amazing
Australian wagyu tomahawk, fiddleheads.
steak and sides
burger.
M.L.T. (Mushroom, Lettuce, and Tomato)
Thank you Big Mac person from earlier today.
Crawfish, Shrimp and Crab with Butter
Carrot Cake with pecan
Barbacoa tacos
THE EGG WITH POTATO you will be satisfied with the result 😯 Just cook a...
Pulled pork, BBQ sauce, carrots and Yorkshire pudding
Mooncakes#OC
tbone steak with compound butter (garlic, rosemary, and truffle salt), roasted broccoli, and cheesy mashed potatoes
pan seared halibut with chimichurri, served over a peach and bell pepper salsa
a fat chicken sandwhich
Poutine Pup (aka The Canada Dog)
Chicken taco board 😌
Gambas with toasted bread to soak up that sauce. I love easy recipes. :)
Spicy Chicken Kebabs
3 leches cake for a friend’s birthday
Butter Quorn and Vegetable Curry
Pizza (school)
Chili Crab 🌶 🦀, Singapore.
Corned Beef Sandwich
Roasted up this bad boy, can't wait to give it a shot
Ribeye and salad.
BLT with brown sugar bacon and fresh heirloom tomato
Bet It All on Black Garlic Burger
Sizzled jalapeno bacon garlic sesame mozzarella bagel sandwich
Swedish Meatballs
🌶 🤩 Sticky rice with glazed crispy tofu doused in with sesame &amp; veggies
Sushi Deluxe
BBQ, cornbread and green beans
lunch board
Potato gnocchi with meat sauce
Birthday cheesecake
https://ift.tt/36n93Ej
I got lucky with garlic naan. 💥💥
Berry Cheesecake
pizza with pancetta and burrata.
Bunny Chow!
Open-face soft scramble English muffin with pesto
Boba, matcha, banana foster, mixed berry, and chocolate creme brûlée’s.
Omelette and scallion pancakes - how to make left overs look appetizing
Big garlic knot
Carrot and Potato soup
Beef entrails (tripe, intestine, pancreas, spleen and lungs)
Dinner Ideas!
Cake cuz I love my shorty 💙
I need to make bbq pork ribs, but I am a beginner, please suggest me.
Breakfast Sausage Frittata
Char Siu
Sourdough baguettes with caprese salad
BBQ Beef Skewers with sides of grilled Shitake mushroom &amp; asparagus
Char sui bánh mi - Crispy marinated pork with do chua, cilantro, chili, onion mayonaise and sriracha.
Roasted lemon &amp; herb chicken, potatoes, and carrots &amp; brussel sprouts w/ balsamic glaze
Garlicky spaghetti
Harisa covered with Pistachios
Bison Momo
New Mexican Posole
Buffalo Wings &amp; Fries
Grilled Cheese on 1-Net Carb Bread.
Blueberry blue velvet cake
Fried chicken sandwich with french fries
Steak Fajita
Chicken mushroom tikka masala with red pepper
Honey lemon baked trout, roasted vegetables, and smashed potatoes
Cinnamon roll apple pie.
Canadian Thanksgiving Meal: Fresh Off-The-Grill Rotisserie Turkey (15 LB)
, chocolate mousse
SLOW COOKER BEST GARLIC CHICKEN AND VEGGIES RECIPE -EASY CHICKEN RECIPE
Roasted peppers pizza and olives with merkén
Gluten Free Samosas
Salmon Sushi
Cinabun birthday cake
Pandan Chiffon Cake
Nachos with Salsa
Medieval Honey Lavender Chicken
I made a Japanese strawberry shortcake with white chocolate!! By myself without mom's help!!!! I love it and i'm very proud !!!!
Latkes
Slow cooked beef cheeks in red wine sauce. Recipe in the comments.
Paintable Sugar Cookies
Spicy Chicken Sandwiches.
Food Network Magazine
Hot Pot 💛 Hong Kong style Curried fishballs by me ❤ Tom Yum made by mom
fresh fruit birthday cake
Grilled Jalapeño and Wisconsin pepper jack sirloin burger.
Sauteed Mushrooms with Steak and Brussels Sprouts
buffalo chicken pizza.
Carrot Cupcake
Pandoro Nutella and Crema Pasticcera
Vegan Budae Jjigae
Airfryed Jalapenos with chopped bacon, shredded mexican cheese blend, garlic and pepper.
Valentine’s Day Specials
Georgian Sakonlis Khorzis Kharcho (Spiced Beef And Walnut Stew)
AVOCADO JACKPOT!!!
cheese and spinach tortellini in garlic butter sauce
Vegan Fried Avocado Tacos
Burger
bone-in pork chop, cooked sous vide in a gochujang and crushed garlic brine, rested, then seared in a cast iron skillet
Bacon and mushroom seafood alfredo
slow smoked pork shoulder
Fresh lobster roll at What The Fish? in Islamorada, FL
Sumac chicken, jewelled rice, and shirazi salad
Thai baked Salmon, spring rolls, mixed green veggies.
Tempura shrimp with a dipping sauce and rice
Priya's saag feta with "chonk".
Vegan sushi with nori/soy marinated tomato flesh
Chicken, mushroom and broccoli pie.
Bacon poutine
What it is ? I bought it from local Chinese shop and the seller couldn’t speak either English or my language. It’s sweet with almond filling. Don’t know what the black part is. Overall it is sweet. Pls help as I am curious what I just ate :D
pesto
Vietnamese Pho
a trial Paella
Creamy Chicken Pasta
Crepes with vanilla and lemon zest ice cream. I normally cook for my better half, but today she made me breakfast!
Spicy lentil curry with a fried egg, cabbage sidedish, rice and roti
and reviewed Gumbo Pizza
Steak Tartare with a dressing
Guwahati's Best puchka wala. recommended by street food /smrity's junction/ Northeast-Girl, https://youtu.be/ZBlZKo_v6fw
Home made ricotta cheese with meyer lemon in handmade ravioli. Brown butter and chive and chamomile flowers
Reuben sandwich
Pastelitos with Guava and Cheese
Alla vodka and chicken
Frozen bacon-wrapped broccoli and cheese-stuffed chicken/homemade bacon and black bean nachos
Handmade Tagliatelle, Butter Poached Lobster, Saffron Buerre Blanc, Peruvian Pixie Peppers, Salmon Roe
traditional reindeer soup, as ugly as it is delicious
During lockdown. I made Porchetta following a Youtube video that has no recipe but showing an Italian porchetta maker doing their version
Blueberry Yogurt and a starter culture for the next batch.
Spam (don't judge) + egg sandwich with colby jack cheese, onion + bell pepper + habanero + garlic saute on ciabatta.
Green curry with veggies and fried tofu over jasmine rice
Hot Pot!
Chicken kebab with grilled vegetables, bread and tzatziki
A special south indian masala dosa
Cast Iron Basil, Vegan Cheese and Tomato Pizza
Pasta, pancetta, homegrown courgette, tomato, spring onion, garlic and basil.
rainbow crepe cake to celebrate 10k follows on TikTok!
Shrimpys Burrito Bar
Tasty's peach cheesecake topped with prosecco gelatin and white peaches
apple maple marinated pork tenderloin with hash browns and veggies for my kids tonight
Ginger Trout W/ Baby Bok Choy
Braised short rib on Japanese noodles with miso curry
Spicy chicken sandwich on pesto sourdough
Get Your Custom Keto Diet Plan
strawberry, chocolate, and oreo crepe.
Quasadilla with 3 Sauce
chirashi
Sunday roast
Deep Fried Ham with Blackberry Jalapeno Glaze
white pizza.
Coconutmilk 🥥 steamed fish with aisa style fried vegetable rice and Riesling 🍷 🤤
pork butt roast, roast potatoes, carrots, squash, and asparagus
bibimbop
kitchen sink salad
Apple Cinnamon Dutch Baby
One of my favorite breakfast -Spicy beef tostados 🙂
baked potato wedges with hot sauce
Black forest cake
Asian Snack Board
Korean Fried Chicken
Meatballs Curry
Bbq chicken pizza
bread
Garlic deep fried chicken
Five is lucky number of fruits and veggies to live longer, but not all of them count
white chocolate chunk brownie
Classic boiled bagels.
The McRib is back
Peanut Butter Banana Toast
must watch
sirloin bacon patty melt with sharp cheddar and peanut butter w/garlic black truffle steak fries
chocolate chip cookies with browned butter.
Roast chicken and acorn squash
orange &amp; poppyseed cupcakes with candied orange slices
double cheeseburger
Porkroll egg and cheese.
Yakionigiri
Indian Spicy Combo
Stuffed Zucchini
Risotto and Seared Scallops
‘We’re Feeling Swell, Viewers’: MN Grandparents Go Viral With Song About Getting Vaccine - CBS Minnesota
Maritozzi, Roman cream buns
Kooky cookies for my new baking company.
Smoked Boneless Pork Shoulders
Mexican chicken-rice soup with a poached egg
Pumpkin Pie Cookies
Oreo Pancakes 🥞
Tacos, queso, and a margarita.
How to Make Easy Pancakes
Biltong &amp; Cheddar Fried Slice with Baked Beans
Upside Down Pumpkin Spice Coffee Cake
Spicy chorizo &amp; white bean shakshuka with kalamata olive bread and a Bloody Mary. Happy brunching!
Shrimp Parmesan Risotto
طريقة عمل الفتة المصرية - Egyptian Fattah
Potato Hash
20 min Millennial Meals by #ChefRae - Teriyaki Turkey Meatballs with rice and veggies!
Smoked Tri-Tip
Pasta and meatballs in sauce
Pan-seared Salmon and Asparagus
Budae Jigae with Homemade Kimchi (Korean Army Stew)
bacon and mushroom scramble w/ chili +fixins
Peruvian-style Roast Chicken w/ Roast Potatoes &amp; a Jalapeño Sauce
mulitas
Chocolate raspberry cake with vanilla buttercream
Basic Avo Toasts and Jellied Eggs!
Salt and Pepper Texas style brisket on a pellet smoker
https://ift.tt/3thhNFY
Local slab bacon with brown butter bourbon glaze, mashed sweet potatoes, roasted asparagus.
My attempt at the SeriousEats cold fermented pizza dough (in the fridge for 5 days)
Fruit sandwich
Molten Egg Custard Bun 流沙包
Split Dog
Blood Orange Tacos
veggie stir fry and sweet and sour chicken thighs
char siu pork, Chinese pancakes and pickled veggies
Ground turkey taco avocados
Sindhi Food
Turkish pumpkin dessert
the greatest Egyptian food ♥ ️😋
A Gift box with gourmet premium chocolates and snacks. A perfect gift for any occasion or season. The box comes with a variety of chocolates including milk chocolate, dark chocolate, white chocolate.
With blueberry and creme cheese filling
Made macarons today and I’m proud how they turned out!
Chipotle shrimp tacos with red cabbage, cotija cheese and cilantro lime crema
sticky salmon with noodles and veggies
Chicken and salami wrap
Pierogi with spinach and tomatoes
Shrimp spinach Alfredo
Got Turkey leftovers? Make Cheese BulTurkey!
Pork tenderloin and veggies with rice
cantonese barbeque pork rice
Heroes Sandwich
Brown butter, sage, ravioli
Tom Brady's three TD passes, Leonard Fournette score have Buccaneers rolling in Super Bowl 2021 - ESPN
Everything Bagel Casserole
meat salad.
pizza !! Anyone wanna hire me ?
Banana Bread.
Braised short ribs
Hot butterchicken with garlic naan and basmati rice
Avocado Jalapeno Poppers
doordash!!! Help you and me get free food
Porto’s Ultimate Sandwich 🐷
Early thanksgiving!! Braised BBQ brisket w/ lobster mashed potato &amp; cayjun stuffing!!!
- liver sandwich
I made pizza with my cousin!
chicken tikka masala
Nashville fried chicken with cornbread.
Roast chicken spatchcock
Calories in 85 grams of Cantina Thin Tortilla Chips.
Garlic butter knotted roll and pretzel
Assorted Cheese board
RicePaper Rolls
Khameeri Naan
Gluten Free chicken pot pie
Wagyu Picanha
North Indian vegetarian Thali
Eclair Strawberry Cake Strawberries Cream
Kaiserschmarrn (with plum sauce)
Almond Flour Pancakes
" homemade 2-Ingredients Pumpkin Muffins
Moroccan koskos ..
King crab, baby corn, and char siu ramen with smoked shoyu and homemade dashi broth.
Snow cream
Kombu Broth Risotto with Shiitake Mushrooms
Lychee black tea with salted cream foam
Chocolate chip cookies made with almond flour (accidentally keto) (accidentally gluten free)
Red Wine Dark Chocolate Cake
Basque Style Dragon fruit Cheesecake
Christmas brunch burger with a homemade sauce, sauteed jalapenos a venison patty bacon cheese and a fried egg
Rice noodle soup
Scallops with sage brown butter and root vegetable puree
Biscoff Butter-Filled Curry Spiced Pumpkin-Banana Loaf
Seafood over crispy bottomed rice in a paella pan
Bailey's
bone in prime, prime rib.
Souvlaki &amp; Tzatziki Sauce with Fries
Christmas Tree Brownies
What y’all think of the chip and bev combo ?
Quick student dinner: fried fish, rice with cilantro and cauliflower/broccoli with spices
medium rare ribeye topped with butter garlic shrimp roasted brussel sprouts and baked potato
roasted Brussels sprouts with lime, corn bread, frijoles volteados, cranberry sauce with wine
concha burger
fries
Waffle Breakfast Sandwiches and Hashbrowns
Chicken and Roasted Garlic Tortellini
Korean BBQ Pulled Pork
water chestnut
Omelet with sautéed mushrooms, onions, deli ham, cotija cheese, and fresno peppers.
Reverse seared spice crusted crispy skin salmon with spicy black garlic white wine reduction and a baby spring mix tossed in a red wine vinaigrette garnished with an oven roasted thyme sprig
Bacon, egg, and cheese on a toasted English muffin. (Runny egg) 🙂
Leek and cheese quiche
Power Tractor #NewHolland #JohnDeere #SUA
Tom Kha soup
Cheese soufflés
Chocolate Bundt cake covered in caramel
fries
breezy town pizza
Ninjabread men
Brown butter chocolate chip cookies 🍪
hash browns for Christmas breakfast
Fruit Tart with Lemon Curd
Son has seafood allergy. Gone for weekend. Night 2.  king crab legs and shrimp
Fatteh - cooked chickpeas with fried Lebanese bread and tahini-yoghurt
Veggie chow mein and char siu bao buns
Dark chocolate and pomegranate bites with sea salt.
Pizza boat! On homemade pizza dough baguettes.
I turned vegetarian a few weeks and I’m liking it so far. I ate a veggie burger today and fucking loved it.
ube &amp; custard filled croissants
Chinese hot pot, spicy and delicious
An assortment of noodles and dumplings
Smoked Spare Ribs (2 hours in)
haianese chicken rice.
""Domino's Pizza tests a button to get its favourite pizza delivered after Christmas
Hungarian Gerbeaud (Zserbó zselet)
. Calories in 2 slice(s) of Pizza - Deep Dish Pepperoni.
Salami Pizza
Double Beef, Southern Fried Chicken, 3 x Swiss cheese, Bacon, Grilled Truffle Mushrooms, Truffle Cheese Mayo on a buttered sesame bun
Ice Cream Cookie Sandwich
Swedish classic Peas soup with pork and mustard on the side
Potato waffle, maple candied bacon, and a perfect poached egg
Sweet Potato Gnocchi, Figs, Walnuts, Cranberry, Sage
Fudgey Brownies
chili for a cold snowy day
Delish Fish Korean Toasted SandwichChester-Rouer
Maple gochujang roasted Brussels sprouts with sweet black vinegar, fish sauce &amp; garlic
Greek platter
Beef Stew in slow cooker
Margherita pizza
jap chae dumplings
Savoury roll
Homer strawberry pound cake with cream cheese frosting.
RBI imposes Rs 2 crore monetary penalty on Standard Chartered Bank - Moneycontrol
mushroom and caramelized onion pizza
Italian chicken salad with a reduced balsamic glaze
Potato Hash
String bean chicken with rice and scallion pancakes
Butter Lamb and Garlic Cheese Naan for lunch, today
Bacon-wrapped sirloin app, sliced, marinated prime lamb steak app, caprese salad, one lb of marinated chicken, Atlantic salmon, one lb of picanha w/ chimichurri, rosemary-garlic mash, roasted asparagus and a Brazilian cheese bread
‘Because of this video I will probably be fired’: Holyoke officer alleges police ‘corruption’ in viral video - MassLive.com
homemade marinara pasta
nisu aka pulla bread
chicken cordon bleu
Veggie Pizza (sautéed spinach, red bell pepper, onion) on whole wheat crust
fried bluegill.
Fried Mac n “Cheese” squares with leftover mac
Garlic &amp; lemon butter salmon, carrots and potatoes.
Vegetables and chicken stir-fry, pan-seared curry grouper fillets seasoned with lemongrass
Triple Chocolate Mousse Cake
Filipino adobo chicken thighs
Brazilian Moqueca de Frango
Baked Plantain-Egg Cups
tomato rucola buffalo mozzarella pizza
Veggie xmas eve food: lentil dahl, courgette fritters, spiced spinach and cucumber raita
Pizza strata with pepperoni and pepperoncini
, Chocolate Cake Recipe chef pooja
Blackberry Pie with Homemade Crust
Taiwanese Beef Noodles Soup
My #SundayBreakfast
"Tagliatelle al Ragù" (tagliatelle with Bolognese's sauce)
Yee Mee Fried Noodles
Semolina Pudding | Sooji Ka Halwa
American Wagyu ribeye on garlic noodles
my attempt at a snack board
Wood fired pepperoni and jalapeno pizza.
Never been so happy with how my egg came out.
Snacks
. Garlic and butter pan roasted chicken with stir fried mushrooms and broccoli.
5 Spice Pulled Pork
Tested TikTok Hot Chocolate Bomb Recipe (How to Make Hot Chocolate Bombs)
Chocolate Cake!
Gnocchi &amp; Tomato Sauce
my favorite food what about you
Nashville Hot Fried chicken
Veg Pulao and Egg masala
Grilled pizza with sweet and spicy BBQ sauce, red onion, grilled chicken, and cilantro.
ramen with meat balls
Salted chocolate caramels
Roasted Stuffed Langoustines atop fried green tomatoes and bacon onion jam with micro herb salad.
Turkish menemen, sourdough, and harissa butter
steamed rice with tofu and vegetables
Since I’m vegetarian I have to eat a vegetarian pizza and it was so yummy and also I had some snapple😋
Bolognese with linguine
Chicken tacos
Fettuccine alfredo with shrimp and spinach.
pad kee mao/drunken noodles with shrimp
Red Velvet Chocolate Lava Cake
Cauliflower Alfredo Pasta
Strong 7.3-quake rattles east Japan, no tsunami risk - Times of India
tomato pasta sauce (home-grown tomatoes) on gnocchi with chicken feta sausage and a whole head of garlic
Trinidad Scorpion Wings
Strawberry Lemon Meringue Tart
Cinnamon rolls with homemade filling and glaze
Yogurt Desert Recipe - Σοκολατοφραουλενιο Γιαουρτογλυκο Ευκολο – Γλυκο Ψυγειου Σε 5 Λεπτα
a massive steak Florentine
Roasted zucchini
Mini deep dish pizza
spicy kebab burger my family love it. tell me your favorite one
Keto Chicken Alfredo Casserole
Lemon cake
Late Valentine's Day Stained Glass Window Cookies
healthy granola
Everything Bagels
Beef short ribs in wine and stock. With carrots, celery, leeks.
My attempt at  tom kha gai! Can’t go back to my hometown for my favorite rn, but this is pretty spot on!
Lasagna
Baozi Buns
Java Fried Rice (Asian Yellow Fried Rice)
apple pie
Potted salmon topped with smoked paprika clarified butter.
1 pound USDA choice grade Ribeye steak...
Christmas Shortbread Cookies
Ube (purple yam) Cheesecake
Western omelette and cotton candy grapes
Chicken Teriyaki Pizza with mushroom, onion, mozzarella &amp; aioli
I ate pan seared rib eye, kale salad and loaded baked potato
Campechano, refried pintos with queso duro, sautéed plantains and pickled radish.
Chicken Taquitos
Sesame, poppy seed and maple sugar bagels
Paella w/ lobster, mussels, clams, and scallops
Seafood and Football
Noodles stir fry
Delicious Pot Pie
Lemongrass beef banh mi
Prime Rib with Scallop Potatoes and Green Beans
,the ultimate guide for kitchenware and cookware.Available now at your favorite digital store!(pro/ chef)
Christmas breakfast! Medium fried egg, portabello mushroom roasted with butter, salt and pepper, tomato roasted in olive oil with Italian herbs mix, bacon, and a bagel.
Man in Hellshire viral video fined $26,000 - Jamaica Observer
British s’mores - digestives, marshmallows toasted and hazelnut spread
Traditional Italian lasagna, I think I make the best lasagna 😂.
Gluten Free  Pizza Easy Recipe
Just made some beef stew
Key lime pie she made for my dad :)
Lazy Cake covered in coconut, and condensed cream
Churros and ice cream
🍄 Mushroom Magic 🍄 Shaggy Ink caps - DELICIOUS
Mongolian beef w/ kale and butterfried beans
this slice of cheese pizza
Hamburger w/ bourbon ice cream and chocolate syrup
Beef and egg fried rice!
Strawberry Shortcake
Pork Nachos
chocolate chip cookies crispy on the outside, soft on the inside.
Pistachio encrusted rack of lamb
Veggie pizza with basil
Pork chop on lemon garlic butter sauce • fried okra • sauteed broccoli 😋
cake.
I really miss living in Japan, so I made some grab-and-go onigiri!
I'm Italian and I've tried my hand at Italian-American spaghetti with meatballs
Mixed Berry Cornbread
mango chilli wings
Chocolate Covered Peanut Butter Cookies
Sausage+Peppers+Onions Pizza
Cast Iorn Steak cooked right! S&amp;P is the way for me!
Radio call of cheeky Super Bowl fan running on field goes viral (VIDEO) | Offside - Daily Hive
Ube brioche donut with coconut cream filling
Stuffed Poblano Peppers
Tenderloin with pan sauce and potato puree
Hiroshima oysters
Nachos or Tacos?
Chicken biriyani home made/chicken biriyani in tamil/ how to make chicke...
mushroom gratin with my sourdough
Grilled chicken bento box
tropical burger and fried
Pasta mushroom stroganoff.
Baked Seer Fish in butter garlic sauce and veggies bowl!
Incident caught in viral video has Montreal police officers accused of racism - CTV News Montreal
chicken tacos
Award Winning Chinese Food
Fresh Garden Pineapple Heirloom Tomato Caprese Salad
Chicken &amp; Sausage pasta bake
reverse seared filet
roasted chicken.
orange duck confit
Shrimp Ramen
Avocado tomato wrap
Snowman Cheese Board ⛄️
My Carbonara INSPIRED Spaghetti
Beef tongue pie
bread pudding
Sous vide pork belly grilled over charcoal, with pickled pear, white balsamic vinegar glaze and smoked maple bourbon caramelized onions.
Quesabirria Tacos
pear caviar 👌
an Italian cured meat board and a French cured meat Charcuterie Board
blackberry lemon cheesecake 🍋
Coal cooked burgers and a pale ale.
Spicy ramen with grilled king oyster mushrooms and broccolini.
Cinnamon Streusel Coffee Cake
NY-style Bacon Egg &amp; Cheese
quinoa bowl w/fried eggs, guac, and multigrain toast.
Saganaki - shrimps and fetta chese.
rabbit ragu and hand cut pappardelle
fondue for breakfast 🫕
caramel, coffee macrons.
cheesecake topped with berry's
https://ift.tt/3a63H10
Fried eggplant with seasoned pork
Fudgy chocolate and hazelnut brownies
Breakfast Crunchwraps; sausage, egg, hash browns, salsa and cheese. Delicious. I actually prefer these over the ones I make for supper
lamb bone broth/soup
Reese’s cup cake + peanut butter drip
Pork Belly Bahn Mi with Fried Egg
Coconut lime curd tart
Energy bites with dates and coconut
Lobster Mac &amp; Cheese
sticky bbq ribs ☺️
Chicken Alfredo
Boxing Day beef bourguignon
Pasta Carbonara
Shrimp Creole
Green Papaya Salad with chicken
Pita bread, hummus with spiced beef, roasted carrots, cucumber and tomato salad
Gained 20kg during quarantine, now I'm(18m, 197cm) 123kgs. This is the fourth breakfast of my diet.
Creole seared salmon, red pepper brown butter sauce, with crab ravioli
Are these sweet potatoes safe to eat? It was slim pickings at the store and i need sweet potatoes for a recipe
Sabudana Khichdi
Macaron Plating
Grew up calling this “Eggs in a Hat.” What did your family call it?
Spaghetti!
Tofu with Bok Choy and Bean Sprouts
Coconut, pineapple and paneer curry with samosas, onion bhaji, raita and garlic naan all made from home. Except the rice. All vegetarian too
👌Wrap Omelette Recipe in Tortilla Bread
Buffalo chicken dip
Christmas Fudge
West Coast Canadian Oysters (shucked them myself), Homemade Fermented Chili Garlic Paste, Lemon
Pulled chicken
Chicken tikka masala with rice and garlic naan.
Sales duck eggs n green vegetable fried rice, curry chilli grouper, pomelo n honey jackfruit
Kiddo excited for lunch!
https://ift.tt/2Y4SuID
New york cheesecake with caramel sauce
The Best Homemade Salsa Recipe
perogies filled with potato, cheddar and onions
shank salad with egg.
Pork Goulash with Egg Noodles
Chicken caprese pasta, Caesar salad and garlic bread.
Chinese tea egg
Mediterranean Charred Tomatoes with Greek Yogurt and Braised Eggs with Leeks
Hickory smoked pork shoulder, egg, and avacado sandwich on sourdough with ghost chilli seasoning.
Mesquite smoked prime beef brisket, Salt and tellicherry pepper seasoning.
My attempt at roast pork and crackling turned out better than expected
peri peti chicken pizza
Chicken Alfredo with Spinach Fettuccine.
Beef Chow Fun
choc chip chewy cookies
Over 3 Million Get COVID-19 Vaccine In 24 Hours, Highest So Far: Centre - NDTV
egg noodles with pan seared duck breast, pan Roasted kind oyster mushrooms, stir fried vegetables combined together in a teriyaki based sauce.
Steak sandwich with Béarnaise sauce
Masaman Curry
Japanese Chicken Curry with Rice
breakfast tacos in jicama wraps and a Bloody Mary
smoked chilli cheese dogs
Early Christmas Dinner
Chicken sandwich with potato patty
Truffle burger with brie, Garlic mayo, and arugula on a brioche
chuck roast recipes
some nshima, beans, some meat (forgot what type of meat it was) and spinach
Cheesy Mushroom Broccoli Rice Casserole, a Holliday tradition for the last 12 years in my home.
Who wants a curry? Awesome butter chicken! Do you think it looks good?
Risotto with coffee and pumpkin
I had no tortillas left for tacos... so I present to you cut in half flatbread wrap tacos
Foods in Nepal.. SamayBaji--
Ham, Chicken, Gravy, Stuffing, Sweet Potatoes, Cranberry Sauce, Green Beans, Mashed Potatoes, Cheesy Corn Casserole and Gravy.
Vegan Chinese Fried Rice
Grilled Haddock over Pesto Pea Puree with Smokey Chipotle Sour Cream and Fresh Mango Salsa
Gravadlax on pumpkin bread with creme fraiche and caviar
chicken sausage paella
Golden Sunrise, Qehwa or Kashmiri Kahwa Tea - My Green Apron
Roasted potatoes with corned beef, American cheese, and a fried egg.
Hazelnut Paris-Brest.
Spicy Stuffed Zucchini I made for dinner
Linguini With Bacon And Onion
Trout en croute with hollandaise sauce and chips
Bihari Steak and Veggie Kebabs
Penne pasta with chicken and mushrooms
Smoked dill, lemon and Sriracha smoked salmon
Epic Burger - with roasted veggies, Brie and smoked maple-espresso cured smoked bacon on a brioche bun
Braised Beef, Sweet Peas, &amp; Parmesan Risotto
Wood fired pizza garlic bread.
Korea cold noodles
Japanese Curry with rice
rye, buckwheat n Emmer wholemeal sourdough
Chili lime chicken
Pomegranate Roasted Duck with Stir-fry Beansprout Noodles &amp; San Choy Bow With Crispy Rice Noodles
Tempura
Vegan flatbread
Honey dripping coconut milk rice, conch shell shped with bluebellvine bl...
Bacon Cheddar burgers on English muffins with eggs. What do you guys think?
Thanksgiving charcuterie platter
Mussels Marinara
Reese's Peanut Butter Cake
Christmas paws (traditional Czech cocoa cookies with cinnamon and cloves)
Pumpkin pies
Deep Dish pizza!
Chicken noodle soup
Fried Spring Rolls
Boulangère potatoes
pumpkin creme brulee
Kebab pizza with iceberg lettuce and cucumbers.
Apple Danishes.
Top 9+ Santa Claus Costumes For All Age Group
How to make Peking Duck at home!
Top 10 takeaways for investors from Warren Buffett's annual letter to shareholders - Moneycontrol.com
Scott Young to retire from Food Bank of Lincoln - KOLN
a Totino's Pizza
Spinach Ravioli with Asparagus Filling &amp; Spinach Linguini
Ribeye with Creme La Plotato
orange vanilla almond paste in puff pastry with French roast coffee
Fast and easy breakfast with bread , eggs and cheese
hello guys can you please help me...i am a newbie youtube who cook some food thats why i ask for you help please😘
Crab and shrimps in Alavar sauce 🦀🦐
https://ift.tt/3oXI1KU
Fresh salmon/ikura don
185g double burger.
Cats to Compare
Brisket Melt on Texas Toast
Viral Video: San Diego reporter maintains composure on air amid shootout - The Indian Express
Tomato and onion tart
breakfast braid
Chocolate cake with walnut-caramel-topping
Air Fried Fish
Papas Rellenas or Fried Mashed Potato Balls stuffed with shredded chicken, bacon, and parmesan
Grilled ham and Swiss on sourdough
The best seven layer salad with delicious dressing
Cheese ravioli tomato soup
BBQ Root Beer Pulled Chicken w/air fryer fries
Mussels in sake garlic butter broth.
Cookie Dough Pie!
Jamaican Bun &amp; Cheese Gourmet Jamaican Bun Spices pro chef
Bao buns just steamed
Pastrami beef rib -7 day cure with 8 hr smoke
Creamy Steak Marsala
Tokachi butadon
Boneless BBQ beef ribs
rice cream
A North Indian mixed vegetable curry that is a perfect pair with Chapati/Roti (Indian Bread). Punjabi Mix Veg Curry is  sabzi made with many vegetables and a mildly spiced curry.
One hundred dumps (Pork + Leek)
Steak fries topped with pico de gallo, mexican blend cheese, mexican crema, my version of avocado cream and cilantro.
Rice and quinoa grain bowl with shrimp and mixed veggies
Crème Brûlée Doughnuts ❤️
Mini Apple Caramel Cheesecake
Indian food
Puree with cutlets and gravy
Chicken Noodle Soup and Buttermilk Biscuits
Hibachi chicken and veggies
Leftover BBQ Brisket Dumplings
Smoked char siu pork belly
Tray of Buffalo Wings, Pulled Pork, Beef Brisket, Coleslaw and Bone Marrow Infused Mashed Potato
Birria Tacos

Kobariški Štruklji: a Slovenian dessert
My  sausages drying.
I made Cheese banana pie for my breakfast.
Steak with broccoli and sweet potatoes
Roasted Sangaray in Punjab Pakistan.
charcuterie board
Indian Butter Chicken
Pork dumplings!
Wild mushroom mix salmon Wellington
Angel Hair with Cherry tomatoes and Basil
Bacon and Egg Mozzarella English Muffin
Chicken Jalfrezi with Jasmine rice, cauliflower and peppers
Mastro's Butter Cake Recipe -
Chicken Bacon Fettuccine Alfredo
Sticky ribs, collared greens, and cornbread.
Costco “Boneless Shortribs”
Fried chicken and homemade mashed potatoes with sriracha sauce and honey for drizzling and dipping
Broccoli, Kalamatas, Red Bell Pepper, red Onion, Garlic, Mozzarella, Provolone
Strawberry basil mousse cake
Mushroom and Tomato Brunch Omelette
Moroccan pulled lamb, tzatziki, hummus, babaganoush, salad, and pitta
Full English breakfast
Lemon Chicken Breast
Masterchef Junior?
Hey! My mom just started a chinese cooking channel! I'd appreciate any support for her new channel! Thank you! :D
Panseared sirloin with fondant potatoes, chanterelles, chips of potatoskin with truffleoil and a pan sauce with wine, stock and fresh herbs.
Braised brisket taco with a cheese crisp in a homemade tortilla
Korean barbecued beef short ribs
Teriyaki Salmon Don
sausage, bacon, black pudding, egg, bubble and squeak cakes, hash browns beans and toast
Souvlaki Ribs, Cauliflower Soup + Salad
Double double, special sauce, pepperoncini, American cheese
fettuccine with bolognese sauce and Parmesan Reggiano (I cut the cheese at the end)
Large pizza with some fresh jalapeños. For the family!
Carrot cake cheesecake
Mint and cabbage soup made with spinach and kale stock
island and beach themed cakes
hk style curry beef brisket with fish balls
Al pastor, barbacoa, cochinita pibil, asada, chicharron, and asada.
Middle Eastern Mezze
Korean style pork with Asian slaw and steamed rice
steak and mushrooms
dinner (beans, mashed potatoes, breaded chicken, lettuce and tomatoes)
Bang bang shrimp with bok choy, snap pea, bamboo shoot udon noodle
Chicken tacos with Tabasco
Bossam (Korean steamed pork with all the side dishes)
Apple cinnamon heart cake topped with raspberries, filled with cinnamon sugar
meat pies. Ugly as sin but sooo good. Hot water crust is weird.
Roasted new potatoes, kale, and spicy crab cakes
Stimulus bill makes food stamps more generous. What you need to know - CNBC
Pistachio Macarons decorated with pistachio crumbs
Chinese Braised Pork Belly (Hong Shao Rou)
Monte Cristo Sandwich. Recipe in comments.
Mac n’ Cheese
Authentic Carbonara Pasta
mayonnaise
A heaping plate of chocolate chip cookies.
Any suggestions for this mans lonely dinner?
Cookie box
a Samosa (caramel delight) Doughnut
Chicken Scampi
Carrot Cheesecake
Pepperoni &amp; Shrimp:)
Root Beer Spritzed Baby Backs
PB Banana Toast
ravioli with a brown butter sage sauce
Egg on toast.
Spiced chocolate cake with a lemon glaze
Sunny Side Up Eggs with Toast and Bacon
Bò Kho Sả Vietnamese recipe
Crispy five-spice pork belly and dumpling soup.
Ripe Jackfruit
Hoisin beef short rib bao with pickled carrots and chillis and a Korean leek salad
Thánh Nấu Ăn - Gà Nướng từ Thiết Bị AN NINH - Crazy Chef ASMR Funny Stop...
Pumpkin Cinnamon Dutch Oven Bread
Chicago style deep dish pizza
'Ndundari with Plum Tomato Sauce with Oaxaca Cheese
Spicy chicken strips with waffle fries that you can't see
Spatchcocked ancho chili chicken
10 Thanksgiving Charcuterie boards that will make you say "Oh My Gourd"
tostadas with skirt steak and refried beans
The little colorful moments I get to make at work.
Fastfood | Hambúrguer de Dinheiro🍔 - Cozinhando ASMR Vídeos Crazy Stop M...
Cantonese Roast Duck
Oriental high tea.
Appelbollen - Dutch apple dumplings with Cinnamon
fresh caprese
https://ift.tt/36F0m8z
Shrimp scampi
Mashed potatoes on chilli sin carne and steamed broccoli in bechamelsaus
I ate tamales for Christmas Eve
butternut squash loaded salad
Japanese curry
Basic flatbread + airfried sausage + salad + anchovy sambal for brekkie
A seemingly healthier alternative dish!
Steamed Scallops with Vermicelli
Nashville Hot Chicken and Waffles
Philly Cheesesteak Sandwich
Overtyme Bar &amp; Grill
crape
Meatloaffins
Cuban Sandwich made with pulled pork smoked in my WSM and marinated in some chilies and homemade Cuban bread.
enchiladas verdes.
Some really good pizza! Those pepperoni cups tho...
Sausage, egg, potato, and cheese breakfast tacos
pink lady sushi🤍
Valentine’s Day Themed Macarons
Busiate
Vantillu chitkalu
Country Sausage &amp; Cream Cheese Stuffed, Maple Bacon Wrapped Jalapeno Popper Sandwich w/ Over Easy Egg &amp; Hashbrown Patty.
Crispy Cheddar Cheesy Keto Fathead Pizza
Tomato Pie
Smoked garlic herb Turkey
First time making Italian ToTos! They’re a hit
Loaded Mac and Cheese with brisket seitan, portobello, wilted spinach, and cilantro
Double Bacon Cheeseburger with fried egg and cheese sandwiches for the buns
jerk chicken with rice and peas and Cole slaw.
Buttermilk Biscuit
Coconut Dessert
I made Churros
Cinnamon buns with cream cheese frosting
Tendies dedicated to GME
Tesla CEO Elon Musk reclaims title of world's richest man after SpaceX round - HT Auto
Leftover Lamb Breakfast Sandwich
unphotogenic shakshuka with garlic rolls
Some Paella With a Cold Pacifico
Used some leftover pulled pork I smoked to make  pizza. One of my best yet!
Basil, cheese, and onion tomato soup with grilled bacon cheese sandwich.
My dad’s 10 hour brisket
and Pro Food Ideas Blog You Will Love
Spooky Charcuterie
Crispy chicken thigh poke bowl with edamame, shaved red carrot, mushrooms, green pepper and cucumber.
steak, Mac and cheese, and green beans!
Rotla
Taco Tuesday
Chilli!
Chili Cheese Nachos
Breakfast Cheeseburger and Rutabaga French Fries
Pocket meat pie cross section
Chicken Tika Masala Pockets
Bacon, eggs, toast.
smoked pork sirloin with a pineapple/habanero/honey glaze
Smoked pork eggs Benedict with avocado
Cheese Bread
Salmon Nigiri and Hosomaki
epicgames
Fried Green Tomatoes (Garden Heirloom) With Garden Scotch Bonnet Peppers, Mayonnaise &amp; Vinegar Hot Sauce
Risotto al milanese
Breadsticks
Pumpkin Soup with Toasted Pumpkin Seeds and Cinnamon Creme Fraiche
Smoked ribeye roast
mango sticky rice!! im still making the sauce tho 😅
Short ribs
Pizza Diavola
My Mum’s birthday breakfast - French scrambled eggs on a toasted croissant, topped with smoked salmon and parsley.
Shrimp and Grits
Vietnamese banh xeo
a great pad thai with shrimps
Foie gras ,strawberries and pistachio done by me  guillaume mach at barroco in Montréal CA, more of my work @guillaume.mac
'Riddle Dippers': Sour Lamb meatballs on a stick, served with ranch or sweet and sour.
smoked and air fried wings
Spinach and Bacon Quiche
The grilled cheese king
chili and grilled cheese on sourdough
Texas cheesesteaks. 19 hour brisket, homemade French baguettes.
honey roasted peanut butter
3 Egg Omelet with Sharp Cheddar Cheese, Spinach, Red and Green Bell Peppers and Onions, Topped with Mild Salsa and Sour Cream
Steak, potatoes, and asparagus.
I made Eggs Benedict. How did I do?
Japanese wagyu A5
Recently moved onto campus. Dorm had a kitchen so I tried my hand at a New York Strip
grilled pork taco
Wood Fired Pizza w/ Ezzo Supreme Pepperoni
Prosciutto, mozzarella, olive and bolognese stromboli
- cacio e pepe
Fishmonger Stew
Grilled honey mustard chicken, crispy skin salmon, poached vegetables n roast potatoes
Soft boiled eggs with mixed greens on hummus toast
vegetarian "greek" eggs benedict
Fellow foodies: Help us get a Waffle House in Washington DC!!!
The Daily Meal Easy Recipes for Perfect Home-Cooked Meals
Sour Cherry Galette
spicy kebab burger my family love it. what’s your favorite burger?
Loukaniko Salad
shrimp and grits
Potato palya|Potato palya recip|potato palya in tamil|Potato Palya for D...
Salmon poke taco with a salmon skin shell
I ate Lou Rou Fan, Taiwanese five spice pork with rice and a soft boiled egg.
fried turkey
I drank some apple cinnamon tea at a restaurant
Made for dinner last night, Singapore Style Noodle
beef daube and sourdough bread
Son has seafood allergy. Gone for weekend. NIGHT 1.  lobster over risotto and bacon wrapped scallops with a little chimichurri.
Cinnamon sugared buttermilk doughnuts
Smoothies! My favourite  diet plan!
Nachos; Sous Vide Skirt Steak, Roux Based Queso, Cilantro, Tomatoes.
Just a simple schnitzel
, Amazing Benefits of Apple Juice
Aubergine &amp; shiitake meatballs with a tomato-basil sauce
Pork, greens, and black-eyed peas with cornbread.
Austrian style Apple strudel
a Vanilla Bean Ice Cream with Chocolate Syrup and honey 🍯 🍫🍨
A 16oz Ribeye paired with a Bookers Pigskin Old Fashoned.
Nothing impressive, but I've never had an oven before, and I just moved to a new apartment. So I made pizza!
Christmas dinner for one. Disclaimer: Buck’s Fizz was brought at a store.
Pretzel
Fajitas made from our Christmas prime rib
Stuffed poblanos with Mexican rice and soy chorizo. Topped with quesadilla cheese.
Grilled Trout with a side roasted Potatoes
ratatouille cooked
Fettucini Alfredo pasta with Garlic toast
Alfredo Chicken
Lanzhou handmade beef noodle soup
Seared Scallops with Potato Celery Root Purée
Detroit style ‘Nduja pizza
sandwich bread.
Chuck’s Bacon Burger from Jake’s Roadhouse in Monrovia,CA. Call (626)599-9453
the most delicious donuts I have ever eaten in my lifespan

jalapeno skillet cornbread.
Pepperoni and Banana Pepper Pizza.
Spam Oreo Burger
kothimera chutney| coriander chutney for dosa | Good Vibes
Nuggets Burger by Food ka Janoon |
Brötchen (pretzel rolls)
healthy Taco Bell
The Perfect Pancake
beef stew
Avocado toast.
Tomato Basil Focaccia Bread
Slightly spicy garlic-herb angel hair pasta w/ shrimp and pecorino romano cheese
Egg in a hole
Tutti Frutti Cake
Oreo Cheesecake
avocado toast with an over-medium egg
Pan-seared Denver Steak with Shallot Parsley Sauce
Chapli kabab with dahi (yogurt) and naan
I prepared a charcuterie platter and got a bit carried away
air-fried chicken tenders with spinach, tomato, and honey must-haves
Lobster in Maine this summer.
Fruits De Mere w/ Black Pepper Tagliatelle, Baby Broccoli &amp; Garlic-Butter Toasted Baguette
pizza. Half pepperoni, half Jamaican Jerk Chicken. Really pleased with how crispy the crust turned out.
ostrich, deer and boar
Spicy Ranch Smoked Cheez-It Crackers
Oreo milkshake
Spicy Taiwanese beef noodle soup with homemade noodles
Dark and Sweet Soya Sauce
beef pho and egg rolls for Saturday brunch
Chocolate Rice Crispies
Ribeye with Home Fries
Veg Sandwitch
Avisa Ginjala Laddu | Flax Seeds Laddu అవిసెగింజలతో పంచదార బెల్లం లేకుండా చేసుకునే ఆరోగ్యకరమైన లడ్డు
I ate salmon
biscuits gotta day I’m proud
Chicken Musakhan
Crab cake sandwich
This Cheesy Garlic Mozzarella Bread Takes Bread"
double cheeseburger with bacon and homemade fries
Lamb Noodle Soup
Biscuit Sweet With 2 Creams - Θεικο Μπισκοτογλυκο Με 2 Κρεμες - Ευκολο &amp; Αναλαφρο Μπισκοτογλυκο
Spinach mushroom Alfredo pizza with caramelized onion and some Parm mixed with the mozz.
fried pork chops
Chicken parmigiana with homemade pasta
smoked and grilled Duck Legs for Christmas Eve
Fried Breakfast Burritos
Saturdays Are For Waffles
only the best of breakfast foods
(in the making) Steak! With mash and red wine jus
Reindeer tenderloin with brussels sprouts, pears, mashed potatoes and red wine sauce
Tavern style Chicken Stew
King Crab and Beef Tenderloin, Roasted Parmesan Potatoes with garlic and rosemary creme fraiche, charred corn, tomato and avocado salad, homemade corn bread.
Tuscan Spaghetti Squash
lunch lady Lynsey back at it again
Chili Lasagna
How To Make The Trending TikTok Egg Sandwich For Breakfast
hoisin pulled duck burger on duck fat glazed brioche shredded pakchoi, cucumber and tomatoes topped with pickled carrots and radishes. What do you think?
corn, potatoes, kielbasa, little neck clams and shrimp.
Walleye BLT sandwich.
Destrua Itens De Marca De Luxo Para Fazer Carne Picada | Funny Cooking A...
Fried Squash Blossoms Stuffed with Herbs and Ricotta and Marinara for dipping.
Dhaba style Chicken Karahi (Urdu/Hindi)
Made tamales in honor of my sister-in-law’s mom who passed this week. She gave me the steamers in the background when I told her I wanted to learn how to make them ❤️
Pancake cereal but with color
Roasted turkey sandwich w/ American chz, smoothed in gravy and cracked pepper.
Ground Pork Flautas
Spicy beef gnocchi with a creamy tomato sauce
peanut butter ice cream
Triple Pepperoni
Pan seared lemon salmon with Tuscan ravioli.
Black Forest Yule Log
Egg sandwich w/ cream cheese
Chicken Pot Pie Keto Friendly
https://ift.tt/3of6gTQ
Halloween breakfast
Christmas special plum cake
Cajun Jambalaya
Almond Brownies
A lovely strawberry cake my mum made
Chinese roast pork/siu yuk
Zucchini fritters
Carrot Cinnamon Cake
Potato and mushroom pizza with prosciutto
Cannoli Cake
My homemade toast
Pink Pineapple Unboxing
Gumbo!!
Gochujang Burger
Pumpkin-shaped sourdough
Prawn Curry - Goan Style
Apple Turnovers/Pies
Sushi with my light-up lightsaber chopsticks!
Simple kirby’s, the tough part is waiting ten days!
Smash Hamburgers
Crab stuffed shrimp, and mushrooms
- I made a Lego Batman cake, chocolate inside!
Warm apple pie crepes with strawberries and vanilla ice cream
Star Wars sugar cookies
Chicken-egg donburi
Cured Salmon, Breadcrumbed Haddock &amp; Rollmop Herring with Fennel, Dill &amp; Cucumber Salad and Potato Salad
a Cobb Salad
6 egg spinach and 3 cheese omelette.
NY strip, caramelized shiitake mushrooms and sweet onions in red wine, au gratin, and peri peri seasoned asparagus.
Mature cheddar, caramelised onion and lettuce, on toasted sourdough.
hello kitty waffles I made, they're so cute
pineberry.
TX Smoked Brisket Kolache
Smoked pork chop over homemade pappardelle pasta in a port wine and fig reduction.
Chili Con Carne with Feta cheese
Fruit, crackers, cheese and honeycomb
glazed donuts
Domino's Chicken Taco Pizza
Banana Walnut Cake
Fried chicken and corn
Ribeye, jalapeño, onion, mushroom, and egg breakfast taco
Terriyaki Chicken Tenderloins with Rice Noodles, Peanuts, Green Peppers, and Broccoli, with a side of Bacon-Wrapped Beef Top Sirloin.
Chicken Potato Goda Masala Curry
How To Make Soft Pretzels
¡HOT TAMALES!
white sourdough sandwich loaf
Roasted brussels sprouts with lentils in tahin sauce
Salmon, carrots, and asparagus risotto.
sandwich with smoked salmon and egg Benedict
Swedish semla !
Stewed pork cheek piece with lotus root chips and some vegetables

Gooey Parisian pizza omg 🤤
Pizza with curry marinated chicken and veggies
corn cheese Korean style
Birria con lengua de res
An after-school snack I made :)
Honey Sriracha Shrimp
Cacio e Pepe 👌🏼
penne with ragù
Chili and cornbread
Cabbage rolls stuffed with an Asian pork and vegetable blend.
Tasted much better than it looked
Homemade Pizza
"" How To Make Lasooni palak in Dhaba Style | Lasooni Palak | लहसुनी पालक |...
Cheese Burger Wraps and Chicken Salad Wraps with Cheesy Sweet Pepper and Cauliflower Panko Bites
Bacon Onion Egg Basket with Italian Herbs and Sea Salt
shrimps! well fried and packed. Good for the body
Banana Huat Kueh (Steamed Cake)
Gingerbread cast of Schitt’s Creek
Shrimp and grits that I made for my daughter!
Shellfish in Wild Leek Linguine
Guacamole with chips
Danish pastry bun with hidden custard cream, whipped cream and sugar powder
Chicken Curry Platter
Jack-a-lope
Fried Chicken Drumsticks
Irish shepherd's pie
Ramen, No the eggs aren't green it's just the lighting.
https://ift.tt/2M4xdN1
nachos bar
A Basic Avocado Toast
Vegetable BBQ
Shepherds Pie for the Crown
Beef short ribs
Corn, Bacon, Gruyère cheese Frittata
tacos with lentil sausage, arugula, cabbage, tomatoes, tahini, and lemon.
Pizza Medley
Buttery and crisp crossiants!
Smoked Beef Jerky
Smoked the pork belly, mushrooms, onions and garlic in the smoker(used hickory). Game a little twist to korean BBQ. Im happy to say it has been korean mrs’ approved.
It isn’t as beautiful as a lot of the dishes on here but it was so tasty! Homemade Chicago Deep Dish Pizza per request for Valentines Day!
Crispy Sesame Chicken
How To Make Cake For Party | Simple Ice Cream Way At Home For Kids | Great Cake Ideas
Carbonara
My favorite food 🦋gnocci with bolognese sauce made in the oven, i love it !😍🦋
nacho fries
prosciutto caprese on foccacia
Simple morning breakfast
sourdough/Brie/mushroom cream/parm/ steak Sammy
tendies
Onion Pakorey
Uzbek salad and flaky lamb pastry
Lamb marinated in garlic oil and rosemary grilled over red oak with maple syrup glazed Brussels sprouts
Bibimbap
fried beech mushrooms
Coffee Bread 🍞 ☕
Leftover potato salad with radishes and wild garlic with BBQ spareribs
pulled pork with coleslaw on a fresh bun
Mini Apple Pies
Tortellini Filled With Pine Nut Miso, Ricotta, and Preserved Lemon
Reverse seared steak. Garlic, thyme, butter basted
Tarte aux Pommes
Beef bulgogi with veggies and brown rice
Deep fried pickle spears with Cajun seasoning and spicy ranch.
Chicken Jalfrezi
classic pepperoni pizza with a twist.
Mini Turkey Cake Treats!
Braided Pesto Bread.
'Shweta of Maulvi Sahabs': Viral Video of Maulvi Snoring Heavily on Loudspeaker Makes Twitter Laugh Out Loud - India.com
this cursed strawberry
double decked chopped chili burgers from in n out, again.
Two Californian food firms on notice because of import violations - Food Safety News
Hot chocolate on the go!
Zombie Meatloaf
polenta fries w/ marinara sauce... 🤤🤤🤤 way to start NFL season 🤟🏽
Charcoal grilled Catfish, chicken, fried yam strips and plantains with chilli sauce.
Avocado Toast with Chili-Lime Shrimp
American Wagyu Tomahawk Chop about to be Grilled.
Paper Minecraft | Espetos de Carne Grelhada na vida real-Cozinhando ASMR...
Mushroom Ramen w/ Whole Wheat Alkaline Noodles
Brats, kraut, grilled onions, and spicy mustard with a side of German red cabbage
Veggie “Meat”balls and Spaghetti
Bacon Crusted, Whiskey Glazed Pork Chip
South Indian Rava Onion dosa with peanut and mint chutney
filet mignon salad
No alcohol Yummy Plum Cake
Smoked wild hog
Traditional  Fish Curry with fresh spices Masala Fish Curry
Escarole soup with meatballs, celery and carrots
Sea salt caramels
Christmas cinnamon rolls
Teriyaki-seared Ahi tuna w/ an asian sesame slaw, wontons and balsamic glaze; on toasted Tribeca Batard
La Bella Pizza Garden in California, support your local businesses this was so good.
Beef Bacon
Crunchy green bell peppers, cream cheese, shredded chicken thighs, and everything bagel seasoning
granary bread
My 2nd attempt making  NY style cheesecake and chocolate cake with chocolate mousse!
Chocolate lava cake
Barbacoa
Smoked chicken thighs
Duck fat potatoes
Whole smoked chicken
I made a Watermelon and Beetroot soup, coriander and Alpro Yoghurt.
snow skin mooncakes
veal ragout, tagliatelle and carrots
Middle Eastern Chicken Kebabs (with a simple rice pilaf)
Beef filet steak with potato gratin
Brioche buns with Black Lava Salt.
Thanksgiving turkey 💯🔥😋
Fried Eggs Sandwich
pan fried ribeye with baked potato and fresh asparagus
mushroom cauliflower dumplings
big bowl of ramen
Corned beef hash
Pad Thai from Thipsamai
I smoked bacon wrapped poblano peppers stuffed with crab, corn, and cheese.
lowish-carb stollen with low carb marzipan
Mexican Chilaquiles on salsa roja with beans , queso fresco , sour cream , avocado , lettuce and onions 👌🏼🔥
Egg Ommelate recipes
Korean Inspired Baked Wings
blt on texas toast

Pumpkin ravioli w/sage butter served w/ The Prisoner red table wine
Drop Chocolate Bar Cookies
Red Wine Braised Short Rib Over Gnocchi
Crepes stuffed with Nutella and whipped cream.
peach blackberry pie
Meatloaf with caramelized onions, mashed potatoes, and a side salad.
beer can chicken with style
Detroit style pizza
California Rolls
Rotisserie Chicken Enchiladas Suizas
wagyu beef and fried garlic ( Osaka )
Eggs Benedict on crumpets
Homemade Spicy Cauliflower Tacos 🌮
Chicken Enchiladas.
رحرحة
piña colada cheesecake
Fufu De Plátano!
Hokkaido milk bread dinner rolls
chili oil soup with fish fillet
Pollo a la Plancha
Deer rack with game sauce
Veggie Samosa Pie!
Classic steak sandwich. Grilled ribeye on ciabatta, with honey-mustard and thyme. Elote on the side.
Fried Egg Burger
Garlic, cheddar, and sweet hot pepper sourdough
christmas turkey
mozzarella, pecorino romano
Pork Ramen!
Bánh mì - Vietnamese baguettes
Carnitas Tacos
Baconator Poutine with grilled jalapenos
Mini Pies
Oats &amp; Beans Vegan Burgers served with roasted vegetables topped with Gran Padano
fan potatoes
Dry Aged Porterhouse Platter
Seared duck breast with port reduction in a bed of brussel sprouts and pancetta
Pommes Dauphine - French Potato Puffs served with Green Chile Aioli.
Twice baked potato with home smoked pork butt
Vanilla Rum Flan
Cured beef, mozzarella, rosemary and sage pizza
Bone-out pork loin roast
Seafood Paella
GARLIC GRILLED SHRIMP CREAMED CORN
cilantro line white rice, (rice, water salt, cilantro and lime)
Whitee Chocolate mousse with strawberrys dipped in dark chocolate.
this Norwegian chocolate, “firklover” What happened to my chocolate I still wanna eat it is it okay?
I raspberry jelly stuffed mini somethings!!
I was disappointed with my steak from Outback Steakhouse a few months ago so I decided to give it a try myself
Ham &amp; Cheese Melt
Happy carnaval. Here’s some  banana beignets I did (recipe in comments).
Alfredo Pollo Pasta
Eating Willy Wonka's CHOCOLATE with the LAST GOLDEN TICKET - Lina Tik AS...
😍
Kung Pao chicken
https://cutt.ly/ljHz2Ai

Toad in the Hole
Seared wagyu flat iron steaks I found. Seared for 5 minutes and rested till they hit an IT of 135. Used the same rub on the asparagus. Dinner was perfect.
made by me(I ate)
Dunkaroos
Chocolate and peanut caramel tart
Veal Cutlet, Vodka Sauce, Caciocavallo, Chilean pepper, Basil. Ninos AQ.
Carne con Chile, Refried Beans, and Rice!
Mussels in Irish Cider
Some pasta I’m proud of myself for making.
Beef &amp; Guinness Stew
Mexican street corn
wild mushroom pizza with goat cheese, spinach, onions, and bacon
potstickers
carrot cake - in law’s-secret recipe
Burgers with  buns.
Queso Blanco Bacon Fries
shrimp alfredo
French toast with a special sauce, Wisconsin macaroni and cheese
Cinnamon pumpkin cookies
Beef Bourguignon over egg papparadelle
a giant burger!
I run out of bread so I made these. Feat cheese, vegetarian ham, tomatoes and onion under the eggs.
Chocolate Yule Log Cake w/ Raspberry Mascarpone Filling
open-face egg salad sandwiches
Kadai Chicken with Gravy
Cookies!
Smoked Char Sui Ribs and Bacon Fried Rice.
My favorite childhood dish, jangjorim! Soy braised beef, stew until the flank is tender and falling apart over fresh white rice 🤤
Celebration Cheesecake
bacon and eggs
joanna gaines’ creamy chicken poblano soup
Cream Cheese Garlic Buns
Breakfast sandwich on waffled sweet potato with bacon, chipotle aioli, and pecorino romano
this Reuben.
Grilled Cheese on Homemade Bread with Brie, Pecorino Romano and Honey
'Mr. Paul' has passed today, he inspired a whole generation of cooks and held 3 stars Michelin since 1965. Merci et Bon Nuit, Chef.
Egg white bagel sandwich with heirloom tomato, garlic chive goat cheese, bread and butter pickles, green onions and parsley. All procured at our local Farmers Market this AM!
Pizza pot pie
Brown butter lobster risotto
Chicken fried chicken with mashed potatos and gravy.
Boo's Sweet Pepper Cheesesteak
Brown sugar green milk tea
Korean Hijiki &amp; Carrot rice
Chocolate chip muffins for my cake day
Citrus garlic chicken
Spicy beef stir-fry over rice
A simple yet awesome breakfast I made this morning. Great way to start the day.
A visual guide to types of sushi and sushi toppings.
LA Galbi with Rice.
Hubby made me dinner. Thomas Keller’s  chicken pillard with arugula/Marcona almond/pickled onions and balsamic vin salad and lazy sauce vierge. I’m so lucky and loved
Lavender/Spice Crusted Lamb Chops, Tamarind Gastrique, Lovage.
Breakfast from this morning
Cold noodles
meat and cheese platter
Charcuterie boards. Favourite things to make.
Grilled stuffed bell peppers
Red Chile Pork Tamales
Prostart culinary comp. Appetizer
Diamond Heart Cake
Sirloin and Fries
My neighbor made us  ginger snaps
Reverse seared filet with broiled lobster tail, blackened Brussels sprouts and shiitake mushrooms.
air fryer potato wedges
Chocolate cookies.
Chana Masala, Naan &amp; Pakoras
Steak tostadas.
shrimp and pork wonton noodle soup with homemade XO sauce
Black pepper pork belly/ honey ginger soy sauce.
FREE Cooking Class for Foodies! Irish Soda Bread &amp;  chicken enchiladas
pancakes :)
Grilled med rare lamp chops with pistachio crust, smashed fingerlings, white balsamic/garlic asparagus.
Baked Salmon with Potatoes and Asparagus
Pizza con acciughe
Hot sauce
Sesame chicken
Sourdough Adobo Chicken Siopao
Five cheese stuffed cornbread muffins
beetroot, goats cheese, mushroom
Pineapple Upside Down Cake!
Kimchi
lemon risotto with pan-seared scallops and asparagus
Chicken soup with dill biscuits
No Knead Focaccia
- Dutch Baby with Apple butter Cinnamon sauce
Butter basted Fried egg with Chorizo &amp; Avocado Breakfast
Sarma
A 12 hour slow cooker brisket sandwich
I think you deserve some good Italian carbonara.
Tempura Udon
dynamite rolls!
Pork and Clams
Best pancakes ever 😋
Clam chowder with croutons
(Homemade) Fruit Baby 👶🏻
wheat sprouts
Chicken marinated with Cajun, and other spices then cooked with a plum sauce, veges done with vegetable oyster sauce and rice is a Yang Zhou version
Gluten free ramen I made for my gluten intolerant GF
"" Applebee’s boneless wings are a perfect appetizer or lunch. This recipe lets you make their dish at home. Buy our cookbook at
products co
Roadkill cat served raw on asphalt
Amazing Pineapple Grilled Chicken Kabobs, with chicken fried rice served in an actual pineapple birdie! show some love by subscribing and liking for more!
In-N-Out. Grilled Cheese - Animal Style, Double Double - Animal Style, Regular and Animal Style Fries.
"" ONION RINGS... CRISPY, CRUNCHY, WITH LOTS OF CHEESE INSIDE. Have you seen this recipe?
Candied chicken wings
Prosciutto Crisps
Smoked Wings &amp; Nachos
chicken miso ramen
Raspberry custard tart
Otoro
Cheesesteaks on a Sunday
My mom lacks confidence in her cooking despite always making delicious food. What's your thoughts on this dish she made?
Cuban Stir Fried Tasajo
Chocolate &amp; Cheesecake Bulldog Mousse
Game Night Platter
Shrimps on Cod in a Bechamel Sauce
crunch wrap supreme
Double smashburger
Dutch Apple Pie and Pumpkin Pie
Braising boneless beef short ribs
Crab Stuffed Chicken Breast Smoked Over Post Oak
Bagel and "lox" (smoked steelhead)
Spicy pork bibimbap
beef tenderloin with a side of red potatoes and horseradish garlic cream sauce
Smoked Porchetta
New super delicious, healthy way of cooking banana oatmeal.
Can anyone tell me what food this is?
High Protein Breakfast Recipe For Weight Loss- Besan Cheela Thyroid/PCOS...
Roasted Corn
Ackee Saltfish with Turmeric Rice &amp; Pigeon Peas
Second Thanksgiving
Soup with duck egg dumplings
Happy Canadian Thanksgiving!
Breakfast Hash with Pork Sasauge, red and yellow pepper
Spicy sardine &amp; olive pasta
missing your home made food.
Butter Paneer (Cottage Cheese) Masala
I just love to make  Pizza, this one was topped with prosciutto, shallots, jalapenos and cherry tomatoes.
Sausage rolls with caramelised red onion
Pasta casserole, with minced meat and savoy cabbage
Shrimp, peppers and onions in avocado oil
take on braised park ramen
Peanut butter and raspberry brownies.
Flaco’s Tacos Chicken Bowl
DELICIOUS COCONUT RICE : COCONUT FRIED RICE RECIPE
Surinamese roti
Grilled flank steak with chimichurri
simple Saturday morning breakfast
Last night I made pork chops on the cast iron with mash potatoes and green beans
""pesara laddu
Chicken Pesto sandwiches with Grana Padano &amp; mozzarella w/ garden salads. Everything except (chicken &amp; cheese) directly from the garden.
TUTTI FRUITY CAKE
Kao Pad
Chicken fajita platter
Strawberry and cream cheese whataburger cake with fondant wrapper and edible table tent.
Chicken Ramen. Took me a day but totally worth it!
Grilled chicken teriyaki bowl
Honey Roasted Duck
- Mummy Apple Hand Pies!
Slow-cooked lamb shank on a bed of garlic mash
Baked figs with Greek yogurt and a ginger syrup. Old recipe from Windsor castle.
Okonomiyaki/Japanese savory pancakes
Chicken and Potato Yellow Curry
Virginia ham and pimento cheese with jalapeños on fresh toasted sourdough bread
Chickencurry
Leftover turkey noodle soup
Fried Chicken!
Berry topping cheesecake
Thumbprint cookies with maple caramel and sour apple butter filling
Made Some  Budae Jjigae (Korean Army Stew)
German Spätzle
Indian Snack - Lochho
Tapas night for two
Honey-glazed pork belly over rice with fried egg and gochugaru veggie stir-fry
Bison
Smoked bbq pork belly
Sweet and Sour Stir Fry Chicken
Halloween themed chocolate covered strawberries and Oreo cake pops
Cake with strawberries and roses
Chicken Curry
Tik eating Among us 's EGGS in Real Life - Comiendo ASMR Mukbang f...
Cherry/thyme hand pies with pomegranate reduction and homemade whipped cream
Dan dan noodles with homemade chilli oil
Maple-Bacon Cheeseburger
Pork neck with veggies
Double Smash Burger with American Cheese, Pickled Jalapeños, Fried Onion Strings, and Japanese Mayo, on Toasted Brioche
Shokopan
bacon double cheeseburger 😋
Mini Mini M&amp;M Cookies
Bruschetta
Gyoza with crispy skirt
gyoza / pork dumplings
shrimp and grits
buckwheat sourdough
Traditional Marma Food @Moddhom Para, Bandarban City, Bangladesh: Chicken soup, Frog Leg Curry, Tozzah (boiled vegetables), Mixed vegetables with Nappi (fish paste made with dried fish &amp; dried shrimp), and rice
Waffle fries &amp; Gorgonzola sauce
Chocolate chip cookies
Mofongo
Chicken Tacos
Lemon Dill Chickpea &amp; Orzo Soup
Parmesan Cheese
Just some pan seared and butter basted steak 😀
Rosemary, Thyme, and Garlic Pan Seared NY Strip
Bacon, Bacon fat omelette, mushrooms dressed in soy sauce and lime juice. Breakfast!
softshell sushi roll and salmon belly
No-Bake Energy Balls with Oats and Almond Butter
Green curry &amp; noodles
Tomorrow's payday, so for today I upgraded my £1 noodles. Slightly overcooked but tasty nonetheless. Friday will go to my local Chinese restaurant for some good stuff
Jollof Rice with baked chicken and potatoes 🤤
, putting creativite to food
Oven-Roasted Sweet and Withe Potato
Chicken pizza
Heart shaped bacon wrapped sausage, crumpets and roasted on the vine cherry tomatoes. Topped with salt, pepper and a drizzle of maple syrup.
Chicken Piccata breaded and pan fried
Christmas Pudding
A fancy-dressed Paris Brest!
Red Beans and rice with smoke tasso, ham hocks and venison sausage.
Mom's Biscotti.
strawberry jam
Avgolemono (Greek egg and lemon soup with chicken)
Faggots
Brown Sugar Buttercream Macaroons
Watch: Angela Merkel ‘panics’ after forgetting mask, netizens say ‘have been there’ - The Indian Express
Spanish melon marmelade on salt-buttered toasted french baguette
a corned and roast beef sandwich w/ bacon, lettuce and board sauce on a French roll from Deliboard (SF). Best sandwiches around.
Corned beef and cabbage hash.
Spiced chai/vanilla eclairs with malted milk caramel/powdered raspberry glaze.
Barbecue Ribs
blueberry coffee cake 😎
cayenne dry rub whole roast chicken with onions, carrots, and broccoli
Shrimp pad thai
Omurice
Sage and Bacon skillet Sweet Potatoes
Chinese Fried Chicken Wontons w/ Hoisin Dip
Black Forest Gateaux
Crispy Fried Chicken &amp; (Eggo) Waffles
Relaxing Slime Compilation ASMR | Oddly Satisfying Slime ASMR Videos #35
Strawberry shortcake cheesecake
Keto berry tarts: My cousin is keto so I try to make things with her in mind :)
Pork belly bao buns
Gnocchi with homemade alfredo sauce, bacon and parsley. Side of spinach and red onions.
Udon fired noodles, how’d I do ?

Roasted baby eggplant, feta cheese and pomegranate
Pizza Inferno
Ice Soup
Kimchi chile wings and ranch dipping sauce
baked brie with rosemary and raspberry preserves
Chicken Egg Rolls
spit roast chicken
Kookoo Sabzi
Shepherd’s Pie
Snickers Ice-cream
Filet with garlic-butter fries
Duck red curry and Vietnamese shrimp salad
blackberry swirl pistachio meringues
Lamb Shank &amp; Pommes Aligot
Made this
kale soup with croutons
cold pumpkin pie with CT crunch.
Strawberry Rolls with Cream Cheese Frosting
Grilled Lake Trout
Mixed souvlaki and loukaniko
IPO-bound Zomato raises another $250 million - Mint
Gemelli with broccoli rabe and spicy Italian sausage
- Hazelnut gateau with whipped cream and Daim bar
Seco de carne con frejoles! PERU!
Cider-braised bratwurst, spaetzle, rotkohl, Gurkensauce, and bauernbrot
Breakfast platter
Dark Chocolate Layer Cake
tried Wendys pretzel chicken sandwich tonight. Its completly raw in the middle. I feel beyond sick to my stomach right now.
Steak and fries for breakfast with a little A1
double chocolate cookies
Pineapple does belong on pizza! Hawaiian with mushroom.
Mizuna salad with fried yuzu peel and a sesame ponzu dressing
chicken and broccoli on white rice
Golden Fried Chicken!
Souffle Pancakes
Scallops and linguine cooked in brown butter and garlic with grilled asparagus.
Wagyu Hanger steak, Sea Scallops, Baked Mac’ n Cheese, and Lemon Garlic Asparagus with Feta and Tomato.
Northern Thai Mushroom Salad
Pork chop, bok choy, and udon noodles
The Easiest Fastest Way To Hack The Keto Diet
Anabolic protein banana bread for chest days
How to Make Soft Raisin Cookies - Easy Raisin Cookies Recipe
How To Make An Omelette With Cheese
rice pudding cake with mango caramel on top
Pear/Gorgonzola ravioli, Duck Breast and Broccolini.
Dry Fried Green Beans with Sichuan Peppercorn Pork
Cygne à la crème Chantilly (Whipped Cream swan)
Butternut squash ravioli, browned butter, sage
Cooking at Kasai
Venison backstrap, Brussels sprouts, twice baked potatoes
super fudgy condensed milk brownies
Quick  ravioli, meatballs and truffle Parmesan fries (hand rolled excuse the thickness)
How to Reheat Pizza in an Air Fryer - Dealfindly
Allam Garelu Recipe in Telugu అల్లం గారెలు అమ్మవారికి 4వ రోజు సమర్పించే నైవేద్యం
Jajangmyeon aka Black Bean Noodles
Roasted Veg/Radish salad with turmeric chickpea dressing, dill, and sumac
zucchini bread french toast with yogurt maple syrup sauce.
Cheese Pan Pizza
Toad in the Hole. Made with pigs in blankets, sage and onion sausage meat stuffing, caramelized onion chutney, garlic, rosemary, and a beer batter.
Raspberry jam and sourdough
slop
Seekh Kabab in Chicken Keema Gravy /Perfect Chicken Seekh kabab Handi/De...
breaded chicken breast, Napa kimchee, string beans, sliced garlic.
Beef Pho with bo vien and prime rib
Angel food cake
Chicken &amp; Biscuits (cheddar &amp; scallion)
Soba Noodle Soup with Shrimp Tempura
‘Almost Famous’ River Phoenix Burger with Bacon Bacon Fries (Description In Comments)
Little Debbie fudge rounds
To enjoy the bests foods you need the best utensils
2-Ingredient Palmiers Cookies Recipe
Beef and Mushrooms with Smashed Potatoes
spicy pork bulgogi
Made a stuffed crust deep dish pizza in a cast iron pan
President Joe Biden signs immigration orders to undo Trump rules - Times of India
Mini Fritata Breakfast Sandwich, w/ Hollandaise, Smoked Ghouda, Etc.
Fried potatoes and onions
this sandwich of corned beef, Swiss, sauerkraut, and mustard
Steak, spinach wrap w/gravy and fries/chips
Cajun Chicken Thighs, Veggies Skewers, ABTs (Atomic Buffalo Turds)
levain bakery style chocolate chip cookie
Ukrainian Pampushky
young guns fish tacos! oc
Mexican Yummy Surprise: My Favourite Vegan Lunch
cheeseburger with a tiny cheese skirt !
Found this gem from my son's school a year ago. My wife is still mortified!
Lamb cubes with rice and salad
Water Pie
Art in Onion Peacock
filet mignon on the cast iron tonight
We did thanksgiving a little different this year.
Palmiers Puff Pastry
Jerusalem style meatballs with a garlic, thyme sauce
Octopus with potatoes and aioli
Duck Breast in Black Currant Sauce a la Gordon Ramsey

GME to the moon! To celebrate, we must remember the golden tendies waiting for us at the end. 100% diversified in GME with my wishes. Hold strong apes! Ape Together strong🦍🦧💎🙏🏽💎🙏🏽💎🙏🏽💎🙏🏽🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Baby yoda themed birthday sugar cookies
Banana bread with chocolate chips
Swedish Meatball Pasta
Cinnamon Cream Cheese Pastry
spaghetti squash shrimp alfredo and homemade french bread
TORTYA "
chicken pad Thai
Rough christmas this year, but mom always makes the best trays 🙂
Thinly sliced seared tenderloin with thyme salmoriglio and homegrown endive
Ratatouille!
Duck Breast and Corn Souffle from Tina's in Dundee, OR
Butternut squash ravioli in butter and parsley with parmesan and brushed black pepper
Reverse-seared tenderloin with roasted brussels sprouts tossed in bacon, pecans, and maple-balsamic vinaigrette, plus mashed sweet potatoes, and sautéed mushrooms.
Spam and egg sandwich
Charcoal grilled carrots, broccolini, sweet peppers, and pita with homemade hummus and onion dip
Mixed Chicken Wings
Become A FMCG Distributor
vegan cinnamon sugar pretzel nuggets
Thai Green Curry
Garlic Stuffed Tenderloin
Watermelon, Green Apple, Coriander &amp; Mint
cheesecake with strawberry and raspberry.
chicken &amp; shrimp egg rolls
Reverse seared marinated cattlemans cut
Dripping noodles
Calzone
pulled pork in pita bread, with my own pickled red onion, pickled cucumber and bbq sauce
BEC with a hash brown from Camerons 24/7 in Cross River, NY
and patch worthy
Can’t wait to munch on this Vietnamese specialty meal😋🍽
spaghetti a’Ła carbonara
Smoked Buffalo Wings
Dark chocolate gelato
Is this Nachos or Tacos?
Cajun-Bacon pasta
Cheesy Jalapeno Crab Dip
Giant grilled burrito  shredded spicy pork, pico, cheese sauce, shredded cheese, black olives, refried beans, rice and pickled jalapeños
Tasty Spicy Veg Tahri | Masala Pulav
Braised oxtail Swiss chard and potato purée with a red wine pan sauce
"" Tom Yum Soup # how to make,
Crispy chicken parmigiana with chips, veggies &amp; gravy
Pumpkin Pie Bar
Cooking New York street style tacos with a bad New York accent
Smoky eggplant pasta with mint oil and seared shrimps
Tonkotsu ramen with braised pork belly
Carrot salad
Arabic sandwich with deep fried oreos.
Pulled chicken and mushroom with Alfredo sauce and lotsa mozza
Fresh and delicious fruit cake
Whisky and Kinder drip cake.
Swedish moose meatballs with mashed potatoes and lingonberries
Chocolate bonbons with Bourbon ganache
Mexican Albóndigas
My take on Birria Tacos
pink glow pineapple
Yummy
Ham and cheese omelette with a Trader Joe’s chocolate croissant
indian receipe chicken tasty
Vanilla Gateaux with chocolate glaze
Pork Loin, Apple, Onion, Sage &amp; Mustard
Taco Salad In Edible Bowl
Halibut, cauliflower puree, caramelised onion marmalade
Birthday Cake - Yummy cake
Pepperoni Italian Sausage Pizza on Zero Net Carb Crust
Brisket soup
Turkey 2 ways.
Chinese Beef Wrap
Double Cheeseburger
Duck breast with saffron beurre blanc, pomegranate sauce, fried sage, fresh mint and pomegranate seeds.
Meringue cake with raspberry coulis, cream cheese with whipped cream and lemon macarons on top.
Carnitas Tacos
Cuban panini
Herb marinated rack of lamb, with creamy mash potato, carrots cooked in goose fat, crispy kale with a tart pomegranate sauce to finish.
bulgogi
Mutton Curry Cut recipes
chuck roast tacos.
Tequila cured salmon
Dum Aloo
Crab Cake Benedict on top of Cornmeal Battered Fried Green Tomatoes
Filet Mignon with black garlic butter, mashed potatoes and rough chopped tomato salsa
Chickpea coconut curry
Liege Waffles
White Chocolate Peppermint Cookies and Cream Fudge
of course banana for scale
Caplaz: butternut squash cappellacci
Ramen and Nikusushi
Churrasco Skirt Steak with Chimichurri sauce, White rice, Black beans and Sweet Plantains
crab cakes on pimento cheese grits
the most perfect pancake I have ever cooked.
It's actually pretty decent
i ate '''' kacchi today. my mother is a ''pro chef'' 😋❤️ 🧡 💛 💚 💙 💜
grazing boxes
Beef barbacoa, Mexican street corn, guacamole, and prickly pear margaritas!
this amount of street food for 100 Rupees 1.4 dollar.
Spicy Cottage Pie
grilled lamb chop with potatoes and peas and a yellow cream curry sauce
Dr Pepper braised beef short rib with garlic mashed gold potatoes and rosemary roasted rainbow carrots.
Pumpkin AND Spice Ice Cream Sandwich With Homemade White House Chocolate Chip Cookies
Buffalo-Caesar/picked crab salad with Old Bay/honey drumettes
Steak, Potatoes, and Mushrooms.
Country Bread
white chocolate eggs filled with candies, little wooden hammer supplied for cracking.
Chicken, prawn and leek risotto
SHAHI TUKDA
AirFried Potato Skins
Matty Matheson’s Italian Wedding Soup with kombucha, Italian bread, and fresh cultured butter
Linguine Aglio e Olio
Nashville Hot Chicken Sandwich
Chimichurri steak with onions and peppers
Strawberry Cheesecake!
Enchiladas verdes
Garlic Buffalo Chicken Stuffed Pierogi
Tiny pancakes with Greek yoghurt, bluberries, strawberries, jam and peanut butter
Rice Orzo Pilaf, Steamed Broccoli, Baked Salmon
Apple Plum pie for Pi day!
Chili mac
Beef tenderloin with parsley &amp; garlic sauce
Venison with blackberry and sloe gin sauce
Creamy Chicken and Leeks Recipe
Porter House simplicity
Braised beef short ribs paparadelle with sauteed parmesan mushrooms on a bed of parmesan spinach, roasted carrots, and baked potato
Curry Udon
Honey Sausage Kebabs
Old Bay Potato Chips
The chicken parm I made for Valentine's day
Potato salad
Southern fried chicken Sando stack 😍 at La Cucina Lounge/Deli
Creme Brûlée
Rose apple tarts in a bread basket!
NY Strip (sous vide)
Roasted tomatoes and cold yogurt.
Seafood Chowder (lobster, shrimp and haddock)
Second attempt at Porkbelly ramen noodle soup
Madeleines
Creamy cremini mushroom soup with a garlic chip a rep pepper flake garnish.
Chicken and dumplings.
Prime Rib Roast
seafood cajun
Brookies - Brownies And Cookies In One
Pasta bolognese
Strawberry Cream Cheese French Macarons
Oyster and bean sprout pancake
braised short ribs with roasted zucchini and yellow squash.
Japanese curry
Manti
Thin crust pizza with blue cheese
Healthful Recipes With Spring Ingrеdіеntѕ Yоu'rе Overlooking Sрrіng іѕ a tіmе of frеѕh іdеаѕ аnd brіngѕ a bounty оf delicate flavors to іgnіtе оur mеаlѕ. But аmіd thе vаѕt ѕресtrum оf recipes аnd tірѕ that flооd уоur ѕсrееnѕ, thе rеаl jеwеlѕ аrе often lost.
Bacon, Egg &amp; Cheese on homemade bagel
Flamin’ Hot Cheetos Chicken Burger
Chicken and mushroom pie with green vegetables
Irish Coffee
Vegetarian Wellington decorated with dinosaurs
burrata and leak pizza
Paneer Makhani (butter) with naan
Crispy chicken taco
Sushimi Don bowl for a party of two 🎉 Instagram @Sushimicatering
Air fried Poutine
pepperoni &amp; mushroom pizza
Biscoff Cookie Ice Cream Sandwiches
Spatchcock Chicken
Haloween Pancakes
Filipino Chicken Tinola
Had a craving for a turkey dinner. Hokkaido milk bread and extra extra gravy
Red Wine and Rosemary Braised Lamb Shank with Gruyere Whipped Potatoes and Green Beans Amandine
Sourdough Country Style Bread
Cheese(cake) board with cheeses made of mango cheesecake
Inaugural prime rib! SUCCESS!
Mac &amp; Cheese Bacon Burger
Smokey Bacon Potato Leek Soup
Chopped Brisket Mac n Cheese
Lunch after a hard day
second attempt at Wonton Ramen with home made char sui and runny eggs!
two pomegranates (cutting and peeling included)
#SardineSaturday ? Angel Hair tossed with Sardines, Capers, Toasted Pine Nuts, Olives, Basil, Garlic, Red Pepper Flakes, Lemon and Parmesan! 🍝🐟🍋
Iowa Democratic lawmakers call for state to allocate $30M to food assistance - KCRG
Turkey
Bourbon barrel chip smoked chicken
simple breakfast. Tea. Sweet String Cheese w/Caraway Seed. Fresh Mint.
Kiwi Berries
Cajun sausage and chicken pizza.
baklava and other teatime treats
Apple Cider Pound Cake
Multi cheese pizza
Breakfast: blueberry pancakes with homemade honey butter and toast with smoked ham, avocado and soft boiled eggs.
tacos durado 💕
Seared scallops over wilted spinach and Parmesan risotto
? Cheese/Charcuterie Board - we made this awhile back with ingredients from a farmers' market!
Mint Chocolate Chip Ice Cream Sandwich!
baked eggs in sharp cheddar purgatory
Short ribs and polenta with gruyere
Herbed cream cheese, lox, egg, green onion Dutch baby with mimosas.
Cobb salad
Relaxing Slime Compilation ASMR | Oddly Satisfying Slime ASMR Videos #34
Bloody heart chocolate cake
chocolate peanut butter banana bread
Scrambled eggs, home fries, sausage links, French toast and whole grain toast with butter.
Red owl made of califlour puree, greek pasta and kurkuma
A Spicy Chicken Shaka Bowl
Lemon Butter Roast Chicken
Pumpernickel bread
Buffalo Mac n Cheese with shredded Chicken
Cajun Pasta with Chicken and Sausage
Egg pappardelle with pig cheek in arriabbata sauce
spicy mussels and chorizo in a tomato wine broth
Dirty fries with pulled pork, new in my fastfood restaurant.
Pleasing stack of mini buttermilk pancakes
pumpkin flan
2-Day Texas Chili
Fugu Sashimi Plate
Mickey Shaped Waffles w/ Fresh Fruit
Sous Vide Zubehör – Das brauchst DU wirklich
Ube Brioche Rolls
Beef Udon!
NY style cheesecake
India's January trade deficit narrows to $14.54 bn, exports rise 6% - Mint
pulled pork pizza : homemade beer pizza dough , enoki mushrooms , gouda, mozzarella, parmesan, homemade pulled pork, caramelized onions, jalapenos, olives and a tangy mayo drizzle.
BBQ
Jamaican pumpkin soup - just the thing for a rainy NYC afternoon.
Peanut Noodles, Wontons, &amp; Pan fried dumplings
cream cheese, avocado &amp; salmon bagel
Christmas Eve Steak
🍰How to make "" Christmas Cakes DIY Recipes
PIMENTO CHEESE ( RECIPES WASAAFAT )
Italian style gnocchi with green beans. Cream tomato and cream Gorgonzola sauce.
Chicken Soup &amp; Dumplings
Steak, sweet potato, broccoli, and carrots.
Stir fry with asparagus, mushrooms, and water chestnuts
SOURDOUGH
Roast Vole
Ham and Turkey Sandwich
Rosewater cheesecake tart, raspberry gel hearts, prosecco whipped cream, chocolate shortbread crust
Chocolate Fudge Cake
My Parents &amp; I Made Fried Lobster!
Mummy themed mini key lime pies at our bakery
Lego Kitchen: Чизкейк Лего Орео(без выпечки) - ACMP cтоп моушен/Мукбанг
Steak &amp; Cheese
blueberry pancakes
two steak and two pork tacos
white asparagus, watermelon radish, radish sprouts and uni
Smoked and reverse seared rack of lamb
close up of my peanut butter chocolate chip cookies :)
BBQ Pork Tenderloins, Asian flavor
Steak!
Quiche! On the left, spinach with tomatoes, mushrooms, and bacon. On the right, bay shrimp with red pepper, shallot, and chives.
Sicilian upside down pizza
Edible Brownie Batter
Baileys Cheesecake
pizza with fresh mozzarella, veggies, and basil.
Short rib pho
Mouth watering personal white pizza
potato and leek soup
Reimagined Chicken Bellagio + Cheesy Garlic Bread
Italian Alfredo pasta
Plant based sausage tacos with mushrooms
Pan Fried Pork Chop with Stewed Cinnamon Apples
Paprika and cider pulled pork rolls with jalapeño, pickles and coleslaw.
tarte flambée
Eggs and truffle (home raised chickens!)
Turkey, Gammon and vegatables
Seasoned Cod with a sauterne, tomato &amp; basil sauce over brown rice. Cheesy broccoli &amp; a homemade dill &amp; old bay roll.
Bulk Italian Sausage
Carrot Cake
Boeuf bourgignon I made for birthday during the covid lockdown
Mini village Food Range
Pasta With Chickpeas and Salad
Almond Honey Nougat Parfait
Pepperoni calzone made on pizza stone
Jelly Donut Sufganiyot in honor of Hanukkah
Wine tasting at home with a homemade charcuterie board
India vs England: England will be buoyed by Ravindra Jadeja's absence, says Mark Butcher - Times of India
Part 2 of the food  that is in my camera roll
birthday cake ice cream🥳
Spinach and artichoke dip
Bacon wrapped asparagus and on-choy in garlic. (No fanciness here!)
cheese-baked potato w/bacon
I've been without a proper kitchen for 2 years. Made a steak and potato quiche with thyme and pecorino. It came out great and I'm very proud of it.
Two well done top round steaks I made for dinner.
Short Rib Ragù with Fresh Pappardelle
Swordfish and Chips. Very epic and delicious
Introducing: The Offensive Burger
fried turkey tacos
sourdough croissants
Thanksgiving Day Football Nachos
my favorite food. Gnocii with Bolognese sauce baked in the oven.
Beef and Kai Lan in oyster sauce
Vietnamese Spring Rolls With Thai Peanut Sauce
Chicken salad with bacon, basil and pickled red cabbage on garlic-basil brioche
Korean Samgyeopsal
Lamb Chops &amp; Smashed Potatoes
Risotto with violet cabbage and Taleggio
Pineapple Fried Roce
Plum dumplings with breadcrumbs roasted on butter, sugar and cinnamon
Curries presented to match the Indian flag. Chicken Tikka Masala and Spicy Coconut Black-Eyed Pea Curry.
giant cherry pop tart
Apple and Raspberry Crostata with Vanilla Ice Cream
Blueberry Cheese Danish
Kurab'
Biscuits and Pepper Gravy
birria tacos
Delux Cajun Roll
shrimp and scallops with veggies
Texas Toast Turkey Sandwich
Linguini and clams w/ red onion, celery, tomato, bacon and pancetta in a white wine garlic sauce.
Potato latkes
Japanese Potato Curry, simple and delicious!
pizza with prosciutto
Creamy mushroom sauce with onion, garlic and dill
Two pepperoni pies. Whole milk mozzarella, fresh mozz, pepperoni.
Cheese and Spinach Curry
Turducken
Fudgy Brownies with coco powder recipe
Spicy Chicken and Waffles with Mimosa
Roasted carrot ginger soup
Best Chicken Tenders Ever ""
Birthday American Style Pancakes with berries and a syrup, butter and lemon sauce
loaded tots
Kway Teow
poppyseed strudel
Eggplant Parmesan with homemade marinara sauce and freshly grated Parmigiano-Reggiano and mozzarella cheese
Rye Whisky Sour
this perfect little steamed bun ✨
Loaded Tater Tots with smoked gouda cheese sauce
Healthy Village Roasted Curry Powder by Grandma Menu
vegan enchiladas with homecooked sauce, filling, etc.
Honey Baked Lemon Pepper Salmon and Roasted Veggies
Virgin Painkiller
Falafel Recipe with Very less Ingredients
Chicken Curry Recipe for Beginners  Indian Style
Carbonara pasta
Cast iron smashburgers
Pan fried dumplings with sauce
Pumpkin Pie Samosas
Coffee Eclair
Cream Cheese Chicken Chimichangas
Steelhead trout sandwich
Fried rice, South mainland China style.
Métodos de cocción tradicionales para pollo asado
How to make  Vegetable Gravy Style
Chili and biscuits.
Lobster and Filet Mignon

stuffing with cranberries nuts and maple syrup sauce to go with duck
Costco cheese pizza doctored up at home. One side Hawaiian with jalapenos. Other side with ground kielbasa, red onions.
Spaghetti aglio, olio e peperoncino with breadcrumbs and anchovies.
BBQ Pulled Beef Brisket on Brioche Bun
Pork schnitzel topped with fire morels, button mushrooms and a creamy truffle reduction. Red potatoes cooked with fresh rosemary and topped with a garlic purée.
pasta, green asparagus, mussels, tomato concassé and beurre blanc sauce
Mexican hot chocolate cookies
Fried Poached Egg
Breakfast sandwich with bacon, pan fried salami, an over easy egg, sautéed chanterelle mushrooms, and avocado on a gluten free cheese roll
Pile of Stromboli
Ginger Pork Bowl
Cheese plate season...but then again it’s always cheese plate season. .
lemon soufflés
spicy honey butter chicken wings
Fried chicken on toasted brioche with cheddar, pickles, spicy mayo
Wagyu
Eggs Over Easy, Home Fries, Sausage and Toast
Spicy Wontons
Curried Conch with Fried Green Plantains (Tostones)
Cornbread for Dressing of Thanksgiving Future
green tea mochi nuggets with vanilla ice cream and chocolate ganache
Coconut Peanut Chicken
made 3$ pizza with added toppings
Custard Pear Pie
Pita Bread Recipe,
Haven’t used an outdoor wood stained before. I could have done better but clean plates were everywhere.
A Double Bacon Cheeseburger
Healthy breakfast
Lemon Poppy Seed Bread
ВКУСНЫЙ ЗАВТРАК с Сыром и Яйцом за 5 МИНУТ на Сковороде 👍Быстро и Прос...
Smoked wings.
Kheema/Ground Goat BIRYANI || How to cook biryani that is NOT STICKY at all 💡|| InstaFood
Ahi tuna and avocado tartare patate with house made chips
Salmon &amp; Stuffed Calamares #seaproducts #yummy #herbs #calamar #лосось #squid
Roast Duck Breast, wild mushroom jus, carrot-cauliflower purée, beetroot gel
Fluffy Dinner Rolls
spicy corn &amp; coconut soup and tomato-poached halibut withe chili oil
Tiramisu Yule Log (Buche de Noel)
cheese pierogies (pierogi z serem), with sour cream, fried onions, bacon and mushrooms
Holiday hot cocoa bombs
Vegetable lavash lasagna
I forgot to use cooking spray for my cake
beef salad
Roast chicken, sausage, potatoes and peppers
- Ceviche de Ají Amarillo (Yellow Chili Ceviche)
chicken parm and Mac and cheese chips
chicken sandwich
Tagliatelle carbonara
Cast iron skillet baked Banana Walnut Cake.
Chicken &amp; Lavender Fettuccine
Couscous
chickpeas and cuttlefish, ready for pasta (chef: Carlo De Luca)
Garlic, honey, soy chicken
Raspberry Cream Crumble Pie
Bangers and Mash!
Moroccan Chicken.
Pierogi
goat cheese and tomato pasta
udon noodles with homemade onion soup mix chicken
Matzo Balls
Scotch eggs, banana waffles, and blueberry topping
Ferrero Rocher brownies
...Taste the rainbow 🌈
Butter Seared Scallops With Fried Capers
Crispy baked chicken with garlic green beans and buttered yeast rolls
Chicken, Sausage, Bell Peppers, Potatoes, Onions in a pan
Kebab &amp; Egg Burger
Omakase "hot" (only flambée nigiris) and it was amazing
cake decor ideas
Eggplant Parm
Cookie dough cake with cookie dough baked into the cake and a cookie dough flavoured buttercream
Olive all’ Ascolana
Duck Breast
Buttermilk Fried chicken, mashed potatoes, chili lime seasoned Brussel sprouts.
A buffalo chicken pie with no mozzarella. Game changer for me (lactose).
New Years pretzels
Imported smoked aged cheddar w/ ham grilled cheese for the kiddos.
chicken biriany
Grilled Teriyaki chicken
Seared Sirloin with Fried Onions, Potatoes, Green Beans
Calories in 1 apple(s) of Apple - Red.
Smokey mambo/Spicy old bay wings, sweet potato fries and cucumber salad
Sous vide Wagyu Tomahawk
Hoisin BBQ chicken
Coconut Coffee
Caneles (silicone moulds)
Breakfast tacos
Kangaroo with sour cream mash, broccoli with a shiraz &amp; bone broth reduction
I  Pizza from scratch at home and I am very proud. This is my second attempt.
Indonesian Rendang!
a Neapolitan Pizza Margherita
Hyderabadi Bagara Rice Recipe in Telugu తెలంగాణ పద్దతిలో బగారా అన్నం ఇలా చేసుకోండి
Chef Beco India Food Reviews
huge oysters from Puerto Rico at $10 a half dozen :)
Prime Tomahawk
The best McDonalds combo. Dip your fires into the McFlurry. You’ll thank me later.
Cheesecake sampler- Raspberry, Pumpkin, Chocolate, and Golden Oreo
Beef Tapa. I love cooking for myself, though I tend to overcook sometimes. Would be better if I could share it with someone
Charcuterie - Easiest and best Christmas dinner ever for a casual quiet Christmas at home. Just about everything was purchased at Aldi.
Vanilla sugar cookies with lemon icing
Sourdough loaf. Strong white flour &amp; rye starter.
Friday Nights Cast Iron Pizza
steak!
Pistachio crusted salmon, sage berry compote, rosemary thyme mashed potatoes and black forest bacon wrapped French green beans.
Bday mirror glaze cake
Liquid dough potatoes stuffed tortillas
Cheeseburger with caramelised onions, cheddar and homemade fries.
Tarte au citron
Smoked Meat Sandwich
grilled tandoori chicken kabob
Jackfruit Pulled Pork burgers with Coleslaw and Sweet Potato Fries
Mandarin crispy chick'n, brown rice and brocc
roasted mushrooms and veggies with saffron rice
Christmas chocolate cake
strawberry cheesecake!
Duck and Bok Choy
Khao Soi
Borsch
King prawn fettuccine
Libyan Pasta “Imbakbaka”
My guy makes 5 star plates:) Bacon white wine creamed kale, brown butter seared basil garlic polenta, Mediterranean bacon wrapped pork loin, his homemade peach habanero marmalade, oak barrel aged balsamic, topped with black truffle pickled artichoke
Pakistani Beef Biryani
Nacho plate with sour cream and guacamole
Traditional Spaghetti Carbonara
(I ate)Thai chicken Chowmin
Honey cake with blackberry compote/lemon curd and a marbled lavender buttercream
Garlic naan pizza with mushrooms and pepperoni
Sonoran-style Burritos — Hatch Chile Salsa Verde Pork, Smoky Red Chile Chicken, Bean and Cheese
ARUNACHAL PRADESH FAMOUS FOOD / "
What do you guys think of my Banana Bubblegum Pizza
Food distribution set for Warsaw church | Food | thedailynewsonline.com - The Daily News Online
chocolate pie
Fluffy Japanese pancakes
Almond milk dark hot chocolate and dipped strawberries
“hamburger”
Black bean soup with masa dumplings and chipotle cilantro crema!
Grilled pepperoni, tomato and cheddar cheese sandwich
cornbread, blackened sesame chicken, salad and fries.
Sweet Whipped Cream
random salad today
Ensalada de lentejas rojas y patata
Avocado yogurt, fingerling potatoes, salmon and dill.
Royal-iced Christmas sugar cookies
Coriander Chicken Curry
Chicken Bacon Ranch Sandwich with Mashed Potatoes
Al Pastor pizza
Healthy Salad With Chicken Breasts Recipe
beef chorizo tacos with some tropical flavors. Salsa is blended and spicy.
a mango coconut donut
Seems so good
SPICY TOP RAMEN MASALA INSTANT NOODLES
Chicken and Basil Pesto Penne with Charred Beans and Broccolini
Swedish hash brown (råraka) with sour cream and both trout and vendace roe (löjrom).
Mochi Donuts
Chocolate chip, peanut butter chip, and walnut cookies
animal gelato
Russian girls try EXOTIC Malaysian food  #foodporn
Mansagna, a 30 pound lasagna
Mint Chutney
Mussel Frites
Chicken Pad Thai
Medallion steaks, salmon, pineapple, and asparagus
LETTING THE PERSON IN FRONT OF ME DECIDE WHAT I EAT 2020
Lasagna w/ Béchamel
oat cookies. God bless my waistline
this calzone with ricotta, mozzarella, sausage, onions, and hot peppers
rüeblitorte (carrot cake)
Greek-style Lamb and Feta Pizza
Cuban Sandwich from a Local Joint
Rosemary butter T-bone steak and smashed potatoes
Bottom Round Roast Beef with Zip-style Sauce.
Tandoori chicken and asparagus
Nachos!
Cookies from another planet 🛸
broccoli &amp; cauliflower cheese
Cereal bread with garlic and cheese recipe
Who wants ribs?
'Serving like a boss': Mumbai street vendor's flying dosa' video goes viral - Free Press Journal
Hello Kitty Mac and Cheese + biscuits
Grilled Cheese with Sharp Vermont Cheddar
sushi on my birthday
9-year-old from Pensacola captures Alicia Keys’ heart after video goes viral on TikTok - WPLG Local 10
Honey Garlic Creamer Potatoes
"" food I ate this, you can enjoy.
Beef burger with seasoned potato chips
Smoked Turkey - 15 hrs of wet brining, spatchcocked, 5.5 hrs of smoking - Smoky, juicy and savory. Best turkey I’ve ever had for Thanksgiving
Chicken and Waffles with Garlic Dill Sauce and Fries
Xmas dinner alone with my SO. Rib eye, asparagus, roasted tomatoes and maple cinnamon butternut squash with red wine butter sauce.
I Love The Classics
Baguette Crumbshot
pan roasted chicken breast with white wine, stock, shallot, lemon pan sauce and carrots
Christmas cake
Red Thai chicken curry
Chicken Katsu Curry
steak salad with watermelon radishes
Tibetan dumplings and blood sausage (momos &amp; gyuma)
Spanish inspired Charcuterie Board
Jerk Prawns with Buttery Charred Garlic and Onions
Pickle bread
(Homemade) lasagna
Reuben sandwich, pickle and cucumbers and matzo ball soup.
This expensive food, bought in Nome, Alaska.
Baked whelk with gochujang, butter, honey, and salt.
Pumpkin pie, yinz!
Apple turnover
My attempt to recreate Waffle House Cheesy Eggs w/ a side of jalapeño Spam.
sausage. Raided the freezer to make 30 pounds of this smoked spicy goodness!
Porchetta
Red Wine Braised Short Rib &amp; Pan Seared Garlic Butter Asparagus
Seafood Table
Pan fried chicken, tomato garlic herb couscous and corn bread
Community sugar cookies
Dutch apple pie with apples picked 24 hours ago
Smoked ham and chorizo sandwich with shredded lettuce, pickles, bell pepper, cheddar and mayo on soft white.
Floral Chocolate Cupcakes
Classic Pepperoni Pizza
Sous vide tenderloin with blue cheese steak sauce, roasted Asparagus, hasselback yukon potato, chopped parsley, and cured egg yolk shavings
Chicken Cutlet Hero
American-style fettucine alfredo with broccoli
Sausage Rolls
Garlic and Rosemary Basted Steak with Creamy Cajun Pasta
My version of a blackened seafood platter. Mahi &amp; Shrimp with couscous and bacon-wrapped asparagus.
Korean fried chicken/brioche
Apple+Pear pie
filet mignon, garlic mashed potatoes, Brussel sprouts
Pumpkin Pie and Mini Apple Pies
carmalized pear and goat cheese quiche.
Proper Brunch: Eggs and Bacon, pancakes, Hashbrowns à la sarladaise.
Pineapple Sponge Cake
Jajangmyeon
Carmel apple pie with pretzel streusel
Rolls with cheese and sausage
My  white chocolate raspberry cheesecake
Salmon &amp; Asparagus
Christmas Pizzelles
pork tamales, refried beans, rice and roasted corn salsa.
Mac &amp; Cheese and Herbs de Provence
That’s meat. I think. It was good tho.
Mini Easter Bundt Cakes.
Colourful nut shaped cookies filled with caramel
Thai Mango Sticky Rice
Strawberry sundae, with meringue and vanilla Ice cream. Served with Strawberry sauce and shortbread
Turkey!
Risotto with butternut squash
Fried Tagliatelle With Chickpeas and Smoky Tomatoes
My Mom LOVES to cook and bake. Each special occasion in our family she will casually make a cake like this. This is for my niece and I had to share!
Spinach/bacon/onion cheese bowl
Dinner : Fried chicken with Hispanic yellow rice and Mac salad with ham and a bit of veggies with Mayo/Mustard 🤤
this a brownie and damnit it was the best ever
Honey Vanilla French Toast with Blackberry Compote
Tomato-egg stir-fry
Blue Cheese Crusted Rib Eyes, Scalloped Potatoes, and Roasted Brussel Sprouts
Pancake with monkey face
shrimp arugula salad
Baba Ghanouj
Sulemani Karahi
Mashed Potatoes Made With Nokia 3310
chicken fajita tacos and chicken rice
Halloween pumpkin cake with spiced Swiss meringue buttercream.
Bittersweet Chocolate-Orange Truffle Tart with Salted Caramel Sauce
Stovetop Shells and Cheese with sharp cheddar.
Spicy and tangy Thai pomelo salad
Spicy tonkatsu pork ramen noodles
guac, queso, and salsa
Egg topped hamburger on English muffin with pepperjack cheese, onion and jalapeno.
Almond cake with almond cream icing.
Ăn QUỶ CHÓ HOẠT HÌNH và QUÁI VẬT ĐẦU LOA !!!
Dark Chocolate Chip Nutella Swirl Brownies
Birthday dinner for my son who requested sashimi of salmon, scallops, hamachi and ahi.
Scallion pancakes
Quince glazed lamb ribs with pomegranate, goats cheese and smashed crispy potato.
Trying to get better at food photography. Shahi paneer and lachha parathas (Indian food)!
Beef Chow Fun and Maggi Beef
Russian dumplings with wild mushrooms and dill
mini apple streusel cheesecakes
A white chocolate cheesecake on a brownie base. Best thing I ever did with my life.
10 मिनट में झटपट बनाये प्याज की सब्जी  Instantly Make Pyaj Ki Sabji Recipe In 10 Minutes
Thanksgiving plate
Okonomiyaki w/ika, ebi, and pork
spam and eggs with home fries and toast
Venison Cubed Steak with Mushroom Gravy, Truffle Mashed Potatoes, and Steam Broccoli
Fillet Steak w/ Diane Sauce &amp; Creamy Mash
pizza is one of the most satisfying things to make.
Reverse seared ribeye
Pork Tantanmen
Easy Kerala Tapioca
Love these noodles so much. Sad thing is I have not seen this one again :(
Red velvet birthday cake with cream cheese icing and a paint splatter effect decoration.
Smoked ribs for 9hrs glazed with homemade BBQ sauce
Stuffed Chicken
Sunny-side up eggs.
Chocolate Chip Doughnut (1st attempt ever...lolll)
Black Forest Cake with Strawberries
N.Y. Strip
Maple Brown Sugar Glazed Turkey Breast
Skirt, chicken breast and shrimp with mashed potatoes, bourbon caramelized carrots, seedless cucumber avocado salad and white sangria.
Eggs, Bacon, Waffles
Christmas Tree made out of cheese and grapes
coffee bean cookies!!
Roasted Whole Cauliflower
Beef Loin Rice Bowl
Big Mac
Butter chicken with rice
Filet steak with truffles
Burgers with potato buns, 25% fat patties &amp; beer battered onion rings
CZN Burak : Huge burger
Apple harvest started in orchards of West Azerbaijan Province
Places to eat in Singapore!
fish n chips
Spicy green pizza
spicy brown rice with my special chicken curry
Thai green curry with rice noodles, tofu, broccoli, caramelized shiitakes, chick peas, and chives
Lamb Jalfrezi &amp; Chicken Tikka Masala with Pilau Rice &amp; Naan Bread. Vegetable &amp; Chicken Pakora.
Fruit cake
half chicken Alfredo, half pepperoni pizza
Honey glazed salmon with
an 11th mini McNugget in my 10 pc.
Japanese souffle pancakes with blueberries and whipped cream
Maple balsamic london broil with crispy roasted potatoes.
Roasted cauliflower and grilled bone-in buttermilk chicken
Carrot cake.
Bacon egg and cheese on an everything, +chipotle sauce, onions, pineapple habanero hot sauce and heart attack eggs
Struffoli!
sweet n spicy Potatoes
Peach cheesecake for Christmas in summertime!
foraged chanterelles, sautéed with shallots, on toasted homemade bread with scrambled eggs.
Thick Grandma-Style Pizza with Fresh Mozzarella, Mushrooms and Tuna
Christmas Eve Charcuterie
Shrimp tacos
Gnocchi alla Carbonara
real Wasabi grown in Northern California! @shasta_wasabi
Pork Souvlaki
Vinegar-braised and toasted spice short ribs with thyme and fontina polenta
Wildtype's cell-based salmon sushi roll
smoked brisket point, fried egg, Tabasco on pan toasted everything bagel
Strawberry donuts
Japanese Tsukemen (dipping ramen noodles) with homemade ramen noodles, broth, braised pork, and seasoned egg
fried chicken
late breakfast
Cheddar Broccoli Soup
Mocha squares with coffee frosting and coconut flakes
Shrimp, batata, &amp; vegetable red curry
Chocolate Chip Sugar Cookies
Huevos Rancheros
Chicken katsu
Tried to make Chicken BBQ with my noob friends. Doesn't look that good but tasted great ^^ Glad we tried 😁
One-pot beef stroganoff
banana oatmeal cookie, frozen vanilla custard sandwich.
Mushroom, spinach and roasted capsicum risotto with toasted pine nuts, Parmesan and some cheesy bread
Soo good!
Postmodern hot chocolate
hot wings and lemon pepper wings with broccoli and rice.
Lasagna with meatballs, mozzarella and ricotta cheese, tomato sauce.
Mora Meat | Rou Jia Mo Easy Way | with Eng/Ger/Jp/Ch Descriptions
Air Fried Chiken
lemon lime tart
Late Thanksgiving Turkey and grain-free stuffing
Spaghetti with Fresh Tomato Meat Sauce and Caciocavalo Cheese
Beignets and Dalgona with Bailey's
Gebrannte Mandeln with Ginger Bread Spice
Ezogelin Çorbası (Red lentil soup)
Burmese Khao Suey
Lime coconut butter cookies
Cod and Potato pie in cast iron
double decker Reuben sandwich
French-style lemon tart with wheat flour shell
Smoked Chicken Schnitzel
Salmon and Brocoli Oven Bake
Halloween Themed Chocolate Pralines
Teriyaki Salmon over grilled pineapple and sticky rice
Spinach, feta, parm cheese, caramelized onion stuffed chicken. With mashed potatoes. Balsamic dressing over top.
Glazed Sweet Potato Loaf
Polpette di carne fritte appetizer
kimchi dumplings
Corn Nugget Recipes which I ate
classic burger
Waffle Chocolate Ice Cream Sundae
«Lutefisk» from Norway, air dried cod salted and pickeled in lye with bacon bits, potatoes, pea stew, sliced carrot and cabbage
Blueberry syrup Chiffon
Carnitas burrito
Tonkotsu Ramen 豚骨ラーメン
Falahari Potato Nuggets | Upwas Special Recipe l फलाहारी पोटेटो नगेट्स |...
Chicken Thigh and Chorizo Paella with artichoke
English Sunday Roast Chicken ...
Gemelli Aglio Olio Peperoncini with Fresh Dungeness Crab.
Shrimp n Grits with chargrilled peppers &amp; onions
Apple cooked chicken breast on a bed of rice topped with homemade apple-mango salsa.
https://ift.tt/2YxtkCC
Rose jelly! Like having a garden on my toast 😎
Cheese/Pepperoni and Pesto/Mushroom Pizza
kodiak cinnamon oat pancakes with blueberries and lemon curd.
Chipotle Orange Glazed Pork Chops with Elotes
Hot Chocolate Tier List
Double Cheeseburger with Sriracha Mayo and Red Onions
Bacon Egg Cheddar on a Biscuit
Strip steak. Collards. Mac n Cheese. Happiness.
Big G’s Deli Winslow, Me | Are you really a Mainer if you haven’t been here?
Bagel Pizza!
Pumpkin Pie w Real Whipped Cream
How To Make Pouding Chomeur Recipe (Unemployed Man's Pudding)
Arrabiata sauce with Mussels
Vanilla ice cream and caramel sauce Crêpe
Gingerbread Cookie Cup
Cathead Buttermilk Biscuits with Chicken, Mayo and Dill Pickle
Tiêu chuẩn quốc gia về nước uống đóng chai mới nhất TCVN 6096:2010
Tub full of morrocan sfouf (potato for scale)
chicken parmesan
grilled cheese with spic roasted tomato &amp; red pepper soup
Tuna pasta bake and cheesy garlic bread
Some street tacos...pulled chicken.
Cheesy, pea-sy, sweetcorn Omelette
Honey Butter Drop Biscuits
Asparagus &amp; potato frittata
Chicken &amp; Sausage Gumbo
Seared Duck Breast with Ricotta Mashed Potatoes and Wilted Arugula with Scallions
Sourdough Loaves and Sourdough Bagels
Avocado Cheeseburger
turkey wellington
Spiced Salmon With Salad
Creepy Meal | Horror Ingredients In Taco Cake🌮 | Kluna Tik Mukbang - ASM...
Stir fried veggies and chicken with white rice.
Chocolate Boston Cream Donuts
Sprouted wheat bagel with everything
dem meatballz
Hot Cheetos Límon
Hainanese Chicken and Rice
fried egg, ham, Tillamook cheddar, and spinach on a Costco croissant
Blackened fish tacos with mango salsa and coconut coleslaw
Pasta with meat sauce
S’more 3.0 with ginger graham, reverse-toasted mallow, fireside warmed Nutella, Catskill huckleberries
Endive salad with leftover rib-eye steak
Sweet from colostrum milk produced my cow|Milk cake or cheese i prepared | i am just pro
Chunky chocolate chip cookies
bacon cracker appetizers
Risotto with bacon and thyme
My version of  Polish pickle soup.
garlic butter dinner rolls
Bacon mac and cheese on a toasted bagel
A Francesinha sandwich
Steamed Bao with crispy chicken and Hoi-sin sauce
"Vaqueros" (New Mexico-style chicken fried steak and eggs)
She actually did it!
Quick &amp; easy seafood Paella
Marinated Anchovy Spread
Maple/soy glazed salmon, quinoa and roasted asparagus
Szechuan Chicken Fried rice with gravy and fried eggs on top.
A cream based dessert designed to look like an apple with some cinnamon crumble
Seared mushrooms on kase spaetzle
Eggs Benedict with a spin
Creamy Miso Carbonara
Faux Mac
zucchini sauté
Apple Pie
Chicken Biryani
Chicken Parm
Spelted flat bread with tomato sauce and various toppings.
Ethiopian Beef Stew (Sega Wat)
Wholewheat SourDough with Guacamole (Avocado, Lemon, Onion, Jalapeños, Salt, Pepper, Smoked Paprika) + Feta cheese + Assorted seeds
beef pot pie
Ham &amp; Swiss Melt
Beef, beef, beef
Oyakodon
Lays for breakfast, Lays for lunch, Lays for dinner, Lays for days...
Invasive Green Crab Roe Butter
Pad See Ew Gai - Woolies had no Kai Lun so I opted for Bok Choy and Broccolini
Super Frico, Yah
New York steak on a bed of quinoa with sweet potato fries and Brussels sprouts. Surprised myself with this one!
Spanish Tortilla
beef and mango kofta with spicy coconut sauce
sweet potato beef stew
Chocolate mud soufflé
Authentic French ratatouille
Bacon Weave Quesadilla
English fry up
Hombre macaroons, strawberry preserve, white chocolate ganache
Peanut Butter Chocolate Cheesecake
- New York-Style Cheesecake 😋
the best lasagna in the world
A fancy classic hotdog I am proud of
Thanksgiving leftover egg rolls! Dipped in gravy!
Pollo Saltado
Lobster roll
Rice Krispie Turkey stuffed with M&amp;M’s
'That's why I Joined Telegram': Donald Trump Jr's announcement on Twitter - Hindustan Times
Premium sushi &amp; sashimi set
Take out dinner of spaghetti amatriciana and cacio e pepe with broccoli rabe and one meatball
MIL Carrot/Cheesecake
Chicken Burger &amp; Chips

Pistachio Bread
Turkey, Turkey bacon, Tomato and Gouda on an everything bagel
Spice-Cured Hamachi
Charcoal grilled pork tenderloin tacos with chimichurri with a twist!
Lemon Glazed Cookies
Tomato Bisque and Prosciutto Grilled Cheese
Japanese style curry bread
Spanakopita I made at work
Chicken Fajitas
Pan seared, 1-1/2”, center cut pork chop, crispy Yukon Golds and buttery green beans.
Korean Style BBQ Drumsticks
thank you Nutter Butter, really cool
Honey garlic chicken wings
we made and ate bull tail stew
Salad with fresh cucumbers and shrimps
Lobster Bisque
Tea ☕❤️
Leftovers omelet.
jdjsbb
Bouillabaisse l Salmon l Shrimp l Roasted Potato l Fennel l Leeks l Campari l Basil l Grilled Lemon
Guacamole
Try my Cheesy Garlic Scrambled Eggs Recipe. This is my favorite especially with the garlic spread seasoning.
panini on homemade sourdough
sushi boat circa 2018
Salsa!
hi, cachir or mortadella  with chicken without egg, without gluten, cooking in a goblet. more details
rosemary focaccia w/ extra EVO on top
Pretzel bites with cinnamon sugar coating and cream cheese frosting
Ramen Kuroda's best for me.
Mistakes were made
Korean fried chicken, slaw, pickles and kimchi fries
Roast chicken with scallop stuffing (“Chickenscallop”)
grilled chicken and mushroom mafaldine alfredo with sun-dried tomato pesto bruschetta.
Pepperoni pizza with half jalapeno
Filipino breakfast of fried Pompano fish eaten with tomatoes, onions and bagoong (shrimp anchovy paste).
Batard and boule
Cinnamon coffee rubbed steak with Calabrian peppers, glazed carrots, rutabaga, red onion, and kale
Avocado toasts
Muffaletta and Chili Lime Plantain Chips
Mixed berry no bake cheesecake
Strawberry Cream Cheese Babka
Peppermint White Chocolate Cookies🎄
sourdough breaded tonkatsu, stir-fried cabbage m carrots, steamed rice
peanut butter cookie ice cream sandwich
Dutch Oven Bread
麻辣香锅—a kind of chinese food
Teriyaki Salmon with grilled Veggies
New Orleans King Cake
Salty Brownie Cookies
I made Fermented Freso Chili Hot Sauce!
https://ift.tt/2YxtkCC
Japanese Waygu beef A5 cooked on a casted iron pan.
Pumpkin Bundt Cake
Coaste de porc la cuptor cu sos de rom
Sweet and Sour Chicken with fried rice
Plum galette
asparagus, bacon, broccoli rabe, onion and cheddar quiche
Steamed Pork Party with Salted Duck Egg
savoury tarts with chilli pesto, mozzarella, sundried tomatoes &amp; basil
Steaks
Leftover Steak mush and onion and scalloped potatoes
Sheet bread for stuffing. (The crumb)
thxgiving dinner for me by me! Corona is not gonna have me miss out on my fave dinner even if I have to make it and eat it all myself
Cream Corn and some other stuff
Philly cheese steak
spaghetti aglio e olio
Sourdough Loaves
pasta arrabiata (made dough and used pasta maker with with homemade garlic bread and a cranberry salad.
Chicken with balsamic raspberry sauce
Stirfry with prawns, chow mien sauce, broccoli, red cabbage, lettuce, carrots and egg noodles.
salmon with dressed broccoli
"Rustic" Sourdough Pizza
BBQ Ribs
Oven ribs, seasoned with cumin, cayenne, garlic powder, salt and pepper; served with sour cream and onion mashed potatoes and broccoli and cheese.
Cod puttanesca, baked olives, fennel salad, broccoli rabe, roasted potatoes
fried onion smash burgers w/ cfa sauce and salad
I finally figured out how to make macarons!! Now I’m obsessed and can’t stop making them
fish soup, karjalanpiirakka and rye bread with butter
Cheddar, bacon, Brussels sprouts
breakfast for dinner!! What???
lemon and salted caramel cake.
Tuna Sandwich
Stuffed shells
duck, apple, and cabbage sausage
Pork Burger with Wedge Fries
Crispy Teriyaki Tofu
falafel !
Game Casserole and Buttered Mash
Christmas pavlova
Mini vanilla muffins with chocolate chips
My Tiramisu
steak
Earl grey macarons with honey buttercream
Chorizo &amp; potato tacos with pickles
Soup Joumou (aka Haitian Pumpkin Soup)
Sourdough Bread.
Wheat Meat
Used leftovers, Potato Patties in Tomato Chicken Sauce
Stuffed Sopapilla - Santa fe, NM
Pretzel bites
tomato galette
Rheuben Pizza
Bratwurst
Pasta e Fagoli
Pork Ribs
Flaky Cheese Crackers
Mascarpone cream Mille Crepe w/ cinnamon poached pear slices, salted caramel, and homemade vanilla bean ice cream
Chicken dumplings
Korean style Fried Chicken
Guinness beef pie &amp; marinated mushrooms, beetroot horseradish
sugar cookies ☘️
Bún Chả Cá - Vietnamese Fish Cake Noodle Soup
Homemade Supreme Nachos
Reverse seared NY strip and side salad w/ caesar and balsamic glaze
Chicken Tenders &amp; Potato Wedges, Kenji style
Sweet Corn Soup
How do i make a ground turkey soft and pasty like this?
Nutella Cookies
The system that makes passive stream of income every month for you
Chopped cheese steak and siracha style fries
Dominican longaniza with plátano chips
Spaghetti Carbonara, made with Prosciutto (cause I have no guanciale or pancetta)
wholemeal spelt n dark rye sourdough with milled golden flaxseeds
Spinach salad with warm bacon dressing
Shawarma wrap
Chinese hotpot
Ottolenghi's Black Lime Tofu
Viral Video Shows How Woolies Mudcakes Are Made
giant chocolate chip cookie
Black garlic chashu ramen
Steak and Crispy Potatoes
chicken Parm and angel hair with sautéed garlic
Salmon Cakes on a bed of Baby Spinach and Kale, Lemon Garlic Parmesan Asparagus, and Mac &amp; Cheese
canned spicy green tomatoes.
Pancake cake
Pistachio with lemon cream, blackberry stuffed with vanilla panna cotta, almond covered cake with sweet and surprisingly crunchy fig stuffing, classic Polish cream-cake and chestnut chocolate with truffle-like creamy inside.
Stir fried tofu, asparagus, and white rice with a spicy peanut soy sauce.
Soft scrambled eggs with fresh black truffle.
Bird Flu: Russia Reports World’s First Case of Human Transmission - The Quint
Toyomansi marinated bistec, Chinese broccoli, calamansi tobiko.
Gingerbread House
chocolate cake with peanut butter frosting. A soak will totally save a dried out ket o cake
Salty caramel cupcake
spaghetti noodles and tomato sauce
Beef Enchiladas
nachos
Turkey tenderloin w/ gravy, mashed yams w/ walnuts and whipped cream, veggies and homemade buttermilk biscuits
Turkey pepperoni pizza
Toasted Oversized marshmallows
BBQ Squid and Fried Rice
Herby Butter-Basted Steak with a mountain of greens.
Maple Rub Steak
Chicken Scarpariello
Gold accent birthday sugar cookies
Tartar with mashed cabbage and potatoes
Swedish Meatballs with Mashed Potatoes &amp; Lingonberry Jam
chipotle shrimp bowls
Shrimp and beef fajitas
Roasted cauliflower with a beet root spread and whipped garlic parsnips
eggs in purgatory with homemade bread
Spaghetti bolognese with some extra meat
Grilled chicken, turkey burgers, sliced potatoes, and asparagus!
Butterscotch Custard
Announcing a new sub, r/IndianFoodPhotos
Oatmeal toffee cherry chocolate chip for the big guy
Pan seared pork chop with a bourbon sauce, au gratin potatoes, and bacon wrapped asparagus. (Sorry for the mediocre lighting)
Korean Mandu
vegetarian pasta bolognese with beluga lentils.
Teenage mutant ninja-bread turtles
Spicy Sausage Stuffed Mushrooms &amp; Margherita Style Pizza w/ Fried Eggplant
Mac and cheese
Pickled cabbage with pork, polenta, pastrami, tomatoes and dill
Nothing says I love you like red meat! Happy Valentines Day.
Tiktok Trending Healthy Banana Nutella Tortilla Wrap #Shorts #YoutubeShorts #FoodShorts #shortvideo
Sausage and Fennel calzone and Pizza
hotpot
Spicy Garlic Shrimp Pasta
Ripe Strawberries
Sausage stuffed acorn squash
Moroccan Belboula Soup
? Charcuterie
Oatmeal Cake with broiled coconut, walnut &amp; brown sugar topping
pastrami, jalapeño and cheddar melt.
Ichigo Daifuku Mochi (Holiday Edition!)
Tuna Pizza
Sushi, yum
Yam and plantain curry with fried shallots
Fried Honey &amp; Cinnamon Bananas with Dulce de Leche Ice Cream
Maggi Noodles
chocolate cake, going for a McCain deep-n’-delish vibe.
After the Bell: Smart recovery caps losses, what should investors do on Thursday? - Moneycontrol.com
Braised eggplants, seared scallops, chicken fillets n Romaine lettuce with fermented beancurd
Got this family size that comes with two, I baked one as said exact on the box— however it was half burnt. Anyone tried this?
roasted butternut squash soup
2020 is a year in which I’ve consumed more PB&amp;J sandwiches than I did the entirety of my childhood
Greek Salad
Fresh fettuccine
Roasted Garlic and Zucchini Flatbread Pizza
homemade venison/sage/rosemary sausage, leftover rice, egg
Chicken Korma, a curry of yogurt and spices, found in the old Walled City of Delhi, India
Scrap mechanic revival baguette made REAL!
咸烧白 pork belly with fried skin dipped in caramel sliced thin arranged in bowl with pickles and sauce steamed 2hrs then flipped over on plate
Salmon tacos and rice with mole
Bacon-wrapped, cream cheese stuffed jalapeños.
The Best pizza ever Edinburgh - Scotland 😋
stuffed breakfast biscuits
Bacon, sunny side-up eggs and homemade hash browns
Crunchwrap supreme.
okononiyaki with double smoked bacon!
Gyoza and Gyudon.
Ham and Emmental Bokit and Chicken Bokit
Spicy Salmon Poke Bowl
Blue cheese and pea risotto.
Black Forest cheesecake
Lamb Shank with creamy polenta and gremolata
Chocolate Hazelnut Mirror Glaze Cake.
https://ift.tt/3aocZGb
Flatbread
Guacamole double cheeseburger with sauteed jalapenos
He's so cute
Chicken Tortilla Soup
Pokemon ball birthday cake
#halloween #glasspieces #candy (Uncle Sam ASMR)
Pear Galette
Bacon and Egg mini casseroles
Seared Scallops and Avocado and Tomatoes Salad
Fried chicken
My grandma's buñuelos
Braised Oxtails with Mashed Potatoes
lemon Garlic Butter Scallops
Just made myself this delicious and flavourful lasagna
some ravioli and sour cream
Bucatini with creamy tomato sauce and seared steak tips.
I’m fasting for a week after this
Bo Tai Chanh (Vietnamese Beef Carpaccio)
tomato and yogurt curry with chicken drums
Tamales - Chile Verde Pork, Red Chile Pork, Cheese, &amp; Cheese and Jalapeno
Brazilian style beef ribs
ginger snap cookie
CNY Fish, Dumplings, Wontons, &amp; More
Honey Soy Chicken Stirfry
Lobster with butter!
Sourdough Crepes
Doughnuts!!!
Strawberry Pizza
Strawberry Jam
Beef Stew and Grilled Cheese
Ended my year with a bowl of Pho.
Hearty Bean Soup
Vanilla Cake w/ Raspberry Filling and Raspberry Macarons
Spam musubi
Cacao Nib Infused Pain Au Chocolat.
Stuffed crust pizza, honey lemon salmon, apple pie, condensed milk and fudge brownies, vodka sauce pasta, and broccoli
Lunch for the next few days
dochi doughnuts!
Copycat Arby’s Turkey &amp; Cheddar with Curly Fries
Spicy Korean rice cakes with a side of shrimp fried rice
oxtail soup with savoy cabbage, potato, carrot, onions and bacon. On the side is sourdough bread with herbs. made it for my grandparents.
Crispy Tofu Pad Thai
Pumpkin Maple Sweet Rolls
Christmas Roast Potatoes
Rodney Scotts whole hog bbq
Afghan rice with eggplant &amp; salad
Pacific Northwest style cedar planked salmon in a lemon herb marinade.
spaghetti carbonara
fried meat balls
Turkey burgers
Got put in lockdown so made some lamb with baby Eggplants to cheer myself up. Might be the best thing I've ever made!
Pastitsio *Greek Lasagna*
Yuzu mousse cake with almond caramel filling
Omlette with chorizo and cheese
Sunny side up Eggs, Applewood smoked Bacon, Pan Fried Red Potatoes and Red Onions with old cheddar served with banana &amp; orange in orange juice and double strong coffee.
smoked Thanksgiving ribs, chicken, brisket, and baked beans
Apple pie with gingerbread caramel
Chilli Chicken Ramen
Oysters
Pastrami deli sandwich with house-made mustard
Anyone know what this is?  this in paris for some random place and have no idea what it is
Mini banana nut muffins
Homemade Bún bò
Bagel Bites
steak and eggs for breakfast
Ichiran Ramen and noodles but homemade everything else including the  chashu
Cast Iron Pizza with Mozerella and Basil.
Fishnet-scored sourdough boule
Dark Rum flambéed Turkey Thighs Roast
Chicken “Cushion”: Brined, deboned chicken stuffed with sausage and onion, smoked.
Kung pao chicken lo mein
baby back ribs with dark beer bbq glaze
Jim’s Gotta Eat #jimsgottaeat - Supper tonight - Brothy Tomato and Fish Soup with Lime JGE Scale - 10/10 Did I say that I love cooking? And when I do good, i eat well. This Fish Soup (I used Haddock) was excellent. Recipe from Bon Appetit.
Salmon,brown rice,roasted carrots tomatoes and onion and greek yoghurt.
Wow, KFC
Filipino Spaghetti
PIZZA with home-baked BREAD, freshly tossed CHEESE, and store-bought TOPPINGS
Pain suisse
veggie scrap stock
Ribeye fried in butter with onions and garlic.
Salmon, Uni, and Crab Don
smoked salmon eggs benedict on latkes
kebab pizza
fastnacht kuchen
Chilean pajaritos
Bacon, egg and cheese on brioche.
Cast Iron T-bone with roasted garlic sour cream, cilantro, diced onion, and tortillas
Hungarian Goulash
Ground Chuck Spicy Meatballs in Marinara (for meatball subs)
I made weisswurst, spaetzle, and lentils.
Gochujang roast Chicken on a bed of potatoes
Crispy baked falafel, hummus, pickled veg
Classic Brazilian Rice, beans, chicken breast, lettuce and fries with a fresh squeezed orange juice.
Pan fried Hake with Samphire, white bean mash in a Tomato and Paprika sauce, basically fish, chips and beans.
САМЫЙ ВКУСНЫЙ ХЛЕБ В ДОМАШНИХ УСЛОВИЯХ / Нежный ЛАВАШ / пеку по 3 штуки ...
My mayonnaise squirted out in the shape of a fist.
Breakfast pancakes with  jam
Cherry smoked whole turkey with cajun rub.
Vietnamese grilled lemongrass pork (cơm sườn nướng)
Birthday Cake Protein Pancakes
Profiterols
Chocolate Walnut Babka
Seafood Paella.
Kluna Tik ăn Plants vs Zombies và Quái Vật Siren Head - Game Tik ASMR Mu...
Lemony pasta with wood-charred artichoke
chicken nugget gravy apple sauce dinner (made by chef victor dellart)
Pork chops and scalloped potatoes
Filet mignon, spéculos crusted, mashed potatoes with crunchy bits of salty lard, apple honey and meat juice reduction and a brussel sprout salad.
Tuna Tartar
Week worth of meal prep for $13
Duck confit with wild rice risotto
Pumpkin Bundt cake
Top 10 Best Chili Recipes
Sous vide lamb chops with salad and fries! Was delicious!
Flatbread pizza with marinara sauce, spinach, heirloom tomatoes and cheeses.
samgyupsal with stretchy cheese
Delicious breakfast from Jake’s Roadhouse in Monrovia. Call them at (626)599-9453 for great food all around.
I made a charcuterie board!
Grilled Lamb Chops. Roasted Potatoes. tzatziki.
Camembert and vegetable pie with homemade chips
Bacalao Balls with Peri Peri and Aioli
Cinnamon Buns
Baked Jatuarana
- Singapore Noodles
"", "
mini blueberry tart
tofu and shrimp wonton soup
Chicken and Spinach Manicotti
My  basque burnt cheesecake minis!!!! :---)
Aloo Paratha
Black Truffle Pasta
Laffa bread, Charcoal grilled chicken, and hummus
Korean bbq
Bicolor bread sandwiches
triple caramel cake
Grinch cookie dough
grilled cheese with onions and mushrooms and a side of zucchini
Lobster Benedict
special created rice
Sweet potato milk buns filled with cranberry orange jam
beef noodle soup
Julia Child’s boeuf Bourguignon
I wish we could have better Kebab places in Spain.
easy dinner
chicken thighs
Homemade potstickers (gyoza) filled with pork and shrimp for NYE.
Pepperoni and cheese rolls at camp
DIY Air Fryer Cheesy Fiesta Potatoes
Chocolate Chip Walnut Cookies
7500 calories in one day
Caprese salad!
Smoked chicken wings, red cabbage, smoked apple and celery seed slaw, horseradish sauce
"chili fish".
pasta salad
Pad See Ew Gai
Courier company says sorry over viral video - Daily Express
Chicken Tikka Masala, Dal Tadka and Vegetable Samosa Rolls, with a side of Butter Garlic Basmati Rice
🍅 Beef ribs roasted with bell pepper, carrot and onion
Onion and potato hash with eggs. (Pic didn't really show the eggs.
Creamy scrambled eggs
steaks
a plate of khabsa (yemenese) for three
Perfect  ribeye for today’s holiday
Bulgogi
White boudin and apple pie
pecan pie
London chicken shop Burger.....
Chicken chow min
My latest attempt at a Porchetta
Chicken and mushroom in oyster sauce. Also a grilled kale and sweet lime salad.
Penne alla Vodka with crispy prosciutto
lemon pie with lemon zest meringue
Charcuterie Village
apple turnovers
Tilapia and chips.
double smashed burger with burger sauce
Chocolate chip brioche baguette and a glass of milk
Cream of Tomato soup made with half-n-half
Cheesy Potatoes Wraps
Cauliflower ( Mac ) and cheese
Curry Flight Trio
Filipino pan de sal
baby back ribs
Bacon, Onion, Pepper, Cheese Omelet with Hollandaise Sauce and Corned Beef Hash.
Cheesy ham frenchroll
apple tart
Home made delicious bamboo rice with BBQ
Christmas dinner
Heart-shaped Strawberry Pancakes with Coconut Whipped Cream ❤️
American Wagyu Filet Mignon and Salad
chicken katsu curry
Sesame, Almond, Pistachio &amp; Orange blossom Granola
Harry Potter Birthday Cake and Butterbeer!
Gumbo
Asian Seafood Soup with  Noodles
Lunar New Year Dumplings
Tostada
brioche french toast with smothered potatoes and loaded eggs
lemon cream puffs
lamb for dinner. Made by yours truly!
cranberry maple french toast
Pancakes are love.
Currywurst w/ knockwurst and bockwurst
Salmon Teriyaki with stir fried vegetables
Chicken Alfredo with homemade pasta, spinach and mushrooms.
Naked Burger with White Cheddar, Smashed Avo and Cherry Tomatoes
Smoked Puffin
crispy airy bread with kabab ketchup pepper and thina grilled
Bento
Holiday cookies
Stir fry pork in black sauce .
Chilaquiles
Potato Bread 🥖❣️
Blood Orange Crème Brûlée
Chicken Fajita Bowl
Holiday Cookies
Bacon, Broccoli, and Peas Mac and Cheese
My 10yo loves baking  challah bread!
Kerala fish thali
Naan Khatai
Mininapolitanas de chocolate
Egg Noodles in Spicy Shrimp Broth
ChickenBiryani
assorted Birria goodies
Homemade - NY strip (second ever attempt)
charcuterie board with 24k gold garnish
Bannoffee cheesecake
an oyster/seafood feast
pizza.
Roast beef po boy on a roll with shishito peppers
Sponge cake roll
Chocolate Truffles
Chicken &amp; Waffle
Whole wheat bread
Hmong Egg Roll, Stiffed Chicken Wing, Fresh Roll
Cinnamon Raisin Sourdough Bread French Toast
garlic butter stuffed roast chicken with a chicken and spinach broth
flatbread pizzas: balsamic bbq chicken, taco and margherita
Kebab
Pumpkin &amp; bluepea flower loaf
Chicken bake from Costco
cote de boeuf - a real beast. Reverse seared in low oven 15 mins per side and then 6-8 mins each side, basted with butter and still needed to go back in twice! Phenomenal steak, worth the effort.
Chicken fajitas
Beet carpaccio with vegan spherified "yolk".
pasta with sai ouah (Thai pork and chilli sausage), lots of chilli, and an egg yolk.
Chicken and vegetable soup.
Chicken Teriyaki, pineapple rice and sweet plantain
Cornish hen &amp; sides.
Chocolate chip cookies
queso blanco burger
Ratatouille in the making
Baked berry cheesecake
cooked turkey!
Peppermint chocolate meringues!!
Pakistani food
Famous Indian Sweet: Rasgulla
Korean Street Cheese Corn Dogs
Monday morning breakfast burritos
gluten-free biscuit pot pie, with smoked chicken
Spelt Sourdough Loaf
chicken and shrimp.
butter fried stuffed pork chops
Japanese-Esque Braised Short Ribs
chicken and broccoli lunch special
peach cheesecake
Stuffed eggplant with smashed chickpea salad on the side
Udon soup
butternut squash ravioli with bruschetta
Beef Pho
spicy pizza!
pasta alla gricia
pepperoni and mike's hot honey pizza
افضل تطبيق راديو للاندرويد والايفون بدون انترنت 2021 pork sausage
Prawn Cocktail for Valentines.
Red Velvet Wafer with White Chocolate coating
Homemade coffee jerky.
a wood fire-baked apple cinnamon bagel with ham, apple &amp; jicama slaw, orange vinaigrette, brie, and roasted garlic cream cheese
Homemade gnocci &amp; cheese
My  Festive Desserts Gift Box
Red-sauce pasta! (recipe in comments)
Shakshuka with toasty sourdough
Matar Pulao i.e Green Peas in Rice
Argentine Empanadas
Pie!😊
Zaru Soba with Ume, Furikake, Mentsuyu, and Iced Oolong
a California reaper burger
Mango sticky rice. Warm coconut flavored sticky rice with mango slices on top and warm coconut milk and mango sauce on the side.
I made Yule log cake / bûche de noël for Christmas!
BBQ chicken I made tonight
Wagyu Beef Ramen
Red Thai Curry with marinated tofu
Lemon rosemary chicken
I got a baby paprika/pepper
Split Dog: split corndog, melted pepper jack, spicy chipotle mayo, deep fried bacon. (stick removed so I could use it to poke the haters 😈)
plum and cinnamon rustic tart
Napoleon cake.
Chicken, mushroom, and spinach Pasta
Crispy fried chicken skin and purple rice.
Made some bread with ramen soup pretty proud of my 12 year old self since i did this with no help at all.
peach chicken bruschetta.
Spicy Chicken Wings
Cast iron deep dish and mozzarella sticks.
Pesto Pizza with roasted tomatoes, mushrooms, peppers and zucchinis. Apologize for the uneven dough planning.
A Full Irish Breakfast
Roasted &amp; Air-fried califlower with goat cheese, a balsamic glaze, and a dab of green salsa.
Birria Tacos!
Smoked Pork Shoulder Roast
Sloppy Joes with McCains Gaston Chips and pickles!
Made me a poutine flight for my birthday! (butter chicken, mushroom gravy, pulled pork &amp; gravy)  prime rib, maple glazed roasted carrots and Yorkshire pudds.
Avocado toast breakfast
Green Bean Casserole w/ Bacon
Full KENTUCKY Breakfast
Caramelized baby back ribs
Rosemary and Thyme Steak, Potatoes and Egg breakfast sandwich.
fried pork cutlet
beef Wellington, mushroom reduction wrapped in prosciutto before layering on the puff pastry
Sweet Potato Beef Stew w Bacon Bits
Maple syrup wet rub pork shoulder
Gnocchi alla Sorrentina! 🇮🇹
Lockdown risotto with roasted butternut squash, red onion, spinach &amp; pumpkin seeds. Veg roasted with garlic, rosemary &amp; sage, while the Carnaroli crackled in olive oil, then a skoosh of balsamic vinegar &amp; a freshly-squeezed orange. Chicken stock. Butter and Stilton beaten in to finish.
Bacon cheese burger with pickled jalapeños inside. On a toasted garlic infused oil chibata bread. And all the fixins. Burgers are proudly square.
Chocolate Peanut Butter Bars
Butternut squash and pork belly pizza
Chocolate &amp; Banana Bundt Cake
Raspberry Star Bread
Açaí bowl attempt
Pizza frutti di mare
Thai Salad
some next level beef empanadas. They were fantastic
Crayfish tails, Kingklip and Garlic Mash Potatoes in a Rosemary White Sauce
crawfish
Five cheese, panko-cheddar crusted, spicy mac &amp; cheese w/ diced prosciutto
Made dutch baby pancakes for my fiancee's birthday
Pork Butt Sandwich
Tuna tartar
Coho Salmon street tacos. Everything on the plate except the pico de gallo was homemade. Slaw had lots of lime and charred endives. Picked red onions were made fresh. Delish.
TURKEY CLUB
Who says pancakes have to be a breakfast food. As a special request from the channel, The John's Kitchen, I'm going to show you how to make my version of the famous Korean seafood pancake, Haemul-Jeon.
Some noodles I made
Fruits in Taiwan
this tasty snack that I got gifted from a friend, I don't know the language but I would love to buy or eat it again. Can you help me out?
Mango Diablito 🥭
Rose Basket Cake | Valentine's Special
BBQ chicken thighs, mashed eggplant with spinach and cremini mushrooms, and basmati rice.
Vietnamese Nam Nuong
Korean Hot Chicken Sandwich on a Japanese Milk Bread Bun
Doughnut
Grilled Cheese + Tomato Soup
Beef Tataki w/Soju
roast
Pan de coco
cabbage rolls
What is your favorite kind of Seafood?🐠 🦀 🦞 🦑 🦐
Thanksgiving Croquettes made with mashed potatoes, turkey, stuffing, sautéed spinach, white cheddar, parsley rolled into paprika-seasoned flour, egg, breadcrumbs, fried in vegetable oil with turkey gravy to dip, and extra sautéed spinach and asparagus
enchiladas verde
Filled tomatoes
Spicy and Crispy Pork Belly with Chili
Killer brisket sword. What do you think? Good start?
nothin special just some plain spicy doritos nachos
Kalkandu Rice (Sweet Rice)
mushroom buns
Soba noodles
boiled egg
Grilled Redfish
New York style pizza
Ham hock terrine topped with quince cheese.
Pesto, chicken and cream cheese roll-ups
Coratella. It’s an Italian dish, made with animal organs.
Loaded Bacon Potato Soup
Veggie dumpling soup for the soul!
QUICK AND EASY Korean Vegetable Rice Porridge aka Yachae Juk
Taiwanese braised pork belly （卤肉饭）
Yummy spring rolls
Slow Cooking beef that melts in your mouth
My grandpa made this! For a birthday!! I wAnted to post it in here because it’s amazing!!
Il Rubino
Chicken tikka masala and garlic naan
Ube Macarons
Vietnamese spring rolls
Dutch baby
Thinly Sliced Brisket for KBBQ
Chicken Alfredo Pasta
Nepalese pork dumplings
Molten chocolate cake À la mode with raspberry sauce
Chicken Tortilla Samosa | SALMA COOKS
this chicken cutlet sandwich on an artisan roll
Chicken Parm, Spaghetti Squash, Tomato Basil Sauce
Summer Ceviche
My Christmas Beef Wellington
Pomfret curry and Mackerel fry in the making
seared pork ribs, on fried jasmine rice cakes, and cabbage slaw
: Reverse sear Prime Rib
Haggis Toasties
Roast Beef and Yorkshire Pudding
Salted caramel brownies
Coho Salmon street tacos. I made everything on the plate except the pico de gallo. Slaw had lots of lime and charred endives. Picked red onions were made fresh. Delish.
Frutti di Mare with Homemade Squid Ink Fettuccine
Bacon Smash Burger with Fried Egg.
Pistachio and raspberry macarons
Crepes with smoked salmon, spinach, and a scallion cream cheese sauce
Detroit style pizza
Spaghetti with broccoli and eggplant parm
BBQ chicken club salad with crumbled bacon, smoked cheddar, fried onions, chopped dill pickles, cherry tomatoes, and BBQ blue cheese dressing
Roasted red pepper scampi with edamame pasta.
Chocolate Balls and Peanut Butter Cups
Probably a lot of people doing this today, but here's my first turkey!
Asian Salad Chopped Kit.
Mini vanilla pastry cream filled cake, mango purée, French vanilla ice cream over pecan cookie crisp
Falafel with Pita and Tzatziki
Fresh Plum Cake with Chantilly Cream!
Grilled Tuna Steaks
chocolate lava cake
Double chili cheeseburger
What to eat on a ketogenic diet
beef short rib stew
Sustainble Insect Burger
Noodle Bowl Cake
Chicken paprikash
Fried Rice with teriyaki wings
Fried Onion Rings
Herbed Carrots &amp; Pork with Spanakorizo (Greek Lemon/Dill/Red Onion/Spinach rice)
CHECK OUT THIS AWESOME RECIPE " PANEER BHURJI. " IF YOU LIKE IT, KINDLY SHARE WITH YOUR FRIENDS AND FAMILIES AND SUBSCRIBE THE CHANNEL
Steak Burrito
Coffee Mug Cake
Street Meat - Damn, I miss this stuff!!!
Scallop and Halibut ceviche
Ribeye Steak and Green Beans
Truffle x Caviar on Salmon Sashimi ! I am just a girl not “ pro chef “
Chicken fried steak with country gravy and mashed potatoes! (And red velvet cake for dessert!). It’s a good night.
Camembert Square
Thai chicken coconut curry with rice and toasted butter naan
Bacon, Over Easy Eggs, Scallions, &amp; Cheesy cauliflower “grits” with Hot sauce.
Taiwanese popcorn chicken with fried basil and five spice seasoning
Dinner at Eden on Celebrity Edge
Croissant Breakfast Ring
Nashville Hot Chicken Sandwich
Tuscan chicken
Beef Wellington with roasted potatoes, with peanut butter buttercream and raspberry jam macaroons. I may have to marry her y'all!
Unicorn Turd Cupcakes!
Grilled Romaine hearts with bacon, candied walnuts, feta cheese, fig balsamic glaze, and raspberry vinegar “snow”
Shrimp and Yellow Corn Grits with Hickory Smoked Bacon and Scallions
Diavolo Pasta
This  fried beetroot pasta with parmigiana served on a crocodile !!!
Cheeses is Born Burger!
bacon eggs and avocado with truff hot sauce
Dog
Today I baked a strawberry oreo cake for myself! No special occasion just wanted to eat it
Boiling Crab Copycat
Kalbi with Kimchi Fried Rice
Mediterranean Thanksgiving Stuffing
Bologna Breakfast Tacos?
BBQ and cheese flavored tater tots
Sunday fry 🥓
Burst cherry tomato and cream pasta
Prosciutto wrapped Sea Bass with potato soufflé
Prawn salad and Tofu slices
Halal Bros HB Fries
Korean Vegetable Porridge
Eating on a private balcony overlooking a Caldera. Best part of Traveling is the food! 🤤
Puff Pastry Bites, Sausage and Cheese, and Variety Jam Fillings
Sushi, Hong Kong Style Pan fried Egg Noodles, Crab Salad, Dim Sum (prepackaged)
Pesto chicken with sun-dried tomatoes and arugula roll
Ribeye/Chimchurii
My 8 Year Old Discovered He Loves Benny So We Made It For Dinner
apple and pear crumble cake
Kung pao chicken and white rice
Lebanese Fatteh - To remind me of better times in my childhood country that's going up in flames.
gas grilled, marinated pork ribs with basic grill poppers
my dad’s homemade mutton briyani and eggplant curry
Chicken Club Sandwich
Cheese Board with other stuff
14hr proofed Rustic bread
Squidward Sourdough
salmon poke bowl with sriracha mayoooo
Voronoff penne
beef chow fun!
Keto cocoa
Bếp Đỏ sẽ giới thiệu cho bạn đặc điểm nổi bật nhất của máy xay thịt làm giò chả 3kg, những câu hỏi thường gặp khi chọn mua máy, cách thức mua hàng tại Bếp Đỏ – chế độ bảo hành, sửa chữa sau bán và cuối cùng là những phản hồi thực tế từ người dùng máy xay giò chả Bếp Đỏ trong nhiều năm qua. 4
Mackerel ceviche, salted roe, sea buckthorn leche.
NY Strip with blue cheese sauce
Pizza with heirloom tomatoes, mushrooms, fresh mozzarella, &amp; Parmesan Reggiano
Oreo Cheesecake!
mmm..
Maple Browned Butter Pie
Flatbread, guacamole and pouched egg
croissants and pain au chocolat
Bagels with TJ's everything seasoning
Chocolate Soufflé
no knead Bread
Leftover Naan Bread that I turned into Pizza. Homemade Fire Roasted Tomato and Garlic Sauce with Parmigiano Reggiano, Herbs, Mozzarella Cheese, and Truffles.
Spicy Garlic Wings
Spicy Chicken Masala Sandwich 🌶 with Slaw 🥬 and Sweet Potato Fries🍟
Apple Pecan Chicken Salad
Apple cake
Bucatini
Banana Walnut Bread | A Gluten Free Vegan Bread
Chocolate Mille-Feuille
Flattened Puffed Rice Sweet Balls
Japanese pulled pork on rice
this chili dog
Black Cocoa Croquembouche (Cream Puff Tower)
veal, potatoes gratinois, brussel sprouts, pan gravy
Steak Salad
Alfredo w/ shrimp.
oil cooked, hand chopped potato chips
Macadamia and white chocolate skillet cookie with coconut chocolate chip ice cream
Braised Pork Belly Shoyu Ramen
Spicy cumin lamb noodles
- Chocolate Chip Cookies
The best pizza cake 😋
Autumnal Charcuterie Board
hurricane swiss rolls
Lamb joint dinner with drunk onions
Thanksgiving dinner! I grew up in a family that doesn’t do turkey so I make a roast beef, homemade gravy, stuffing, and a cider whiskey sour. It was all great. Hope everyone had a fun and safe holiday!
Swedish crisp bread made on rye sourdough.
Oven slow roasted baby back ribs.
Kenji's (b word) barbecue chicken. Best chicken I've ever cooked.
Carne asada pizza for lunch
a Down under Christmas Lunch for one - cos Covid.
Venison with oyster mushrooms and swiss chard in a brandy cream sauce
Bizcocho de nueces
Red velvet with Oreo frosting
Kale &amp; Butternut squash Phillo Skillet Pie.
I made a breakfast burrito. It tasted good.
Spinach,Brie Cheese and tomato’s sandwiches with morning egg
Gingerbread house, kourampiedes (almond flavored crisp bun, sprinkled in sugar) and melomakarona (honey flavored dessert). Merry Christmas!!
Chargrilled Burger
Lobster and shrimp with sautéed zucchini and squash
Maple Bacon Cake with Maple Cream Cheese Icing and Crumbled Bacon
Grilled Pork Chops
Salmon Tikka Masala
Harry Potter cookies!
IP Protection in Food Industry – The Right to delicious food.
American Quesadillas
Kimchi and Tuna Stir Fry with Korean Multigrain Rice.
Pan de Sal right out of the oven, to be slathered in butter.
double quarter pounder with cheese
Doro tibs, Duba wot, Butecha, Dat'a, and Canjeero.
Giant Hash Brown and Steam-Fried Eggs with a Dash of Tabasco.
Pico de gallo
Fish sauce chicken wings à la Smoking Goat in Shoreditch, London.
Black Pepper Chicken
Beef burger on a pretzel bun with garlic aioli, goat cheese, caramelized onions, bacon, arugula with a drizzle of balsamic glaze and garlic onion jelly on top bun
Anthony Bourdain’s Boeuf Bourguignon
Attempted pie-making with this blackberry pie
salted egg custard buns
Fruity middle Eastern style lamb stew
dulce de leche cake
Crockpot Beef Stew
Lemon cupcakes filled with lemon curd and berry Swiss meringue buttercream
Wood FiredPizza
Mussels in 'nduja broth
half pound bacon cheeseburger, smothered in BBQ, topped with onion rings, lettuce, onion and pickles on a brioche brioche bun.
My second attempt at a paella
Korean noodles
Citrus Habanero Wings with fries.
I made a pizza cake. My Corgi was less impressed
Brie and black truffle shells and cheese
Pennsylvania Dutch Pot Pie
grilled octopus
Brisket taco
green asparagus mixed salad
birthday cake!
Beef Pho
Chicken Congee
Dutch Baby Pancake
Salmon Crêpes Cake inside
Beefsteak mushroom nigiri sushi
Ginger Snaposaurus
Bayou Shrimp, Mac &amp; Cheese and Cole Slaw from Louisiana Charlie’s in Long Beach! (Pre-COVID eats).
cheddar &amp; roasted garlic latkes made from leftover mashed potatoes with omelette made of leftover bacon, mushrooms &amp; chives with cheddar- not a pretty one but feeling good over these leftovers second life
Whipped Cream
Carne Asada 'Quesadilla'
Tvp bolognese
Tortilla Pizza
Loaded fries with gyros
Whole chicken cooked directly over coals with apple wood chunks on Kamado Joe
Carrot cake with cream cheese frosting
chocolate chip cookies
cheese, chicken, &amp; pork crackling tamales
Mac n cheese
Cookies
Stuffed Vine Leaves
mixed berry apple pie
Carbonara with duck breast prosciutto
this seriously changed my life ..... it was so freakin good I had to share
B.L.A.T. with garlic pepper aioli
Cranberry curd tart with a cinnamon graham cracker crust.
India's small investors rush to join GameStop frenzy - Moneycontrol.com
Cheesy Baked Ziti
Shrimp and Grits with Cajun lemon butter
Halibut &amp; Snow crab chowder
Gordon Ramsay’s Beef Wellington
I'm not an American so don't hate me if this Pumpkin Pie is wrong
reverse sear tri-tip
Pasta with olive oil, garlic, salt and pepper.
3 butter pecan cheesecakes
Korean bbq bc we can’t go out
falafel wraps
Eggs Benedict w hashbrown
Lasagna
Chocolate and Banana Souffle
French onion soup with homemade broth
Eggs in tomato sauce
Pasta filled with Tomato with the side of Broccoli and Sausage
Swede Cake
Sweet Potato Cupcake with Cream Cheese Icing
Lobster sticky rice.
Coconut shrimp with mango sweet chili
-tikka biryani
Fresh sushi &amp; Smoked pork belly !! Uncle Sam ASMR
Double layered basque burnt chocolate cheesecake
Indian Feast! 😋 Saag Paneer, Chicken Tikka Masala, Aloo Gobhi, Onion Bajji, Naan &amp; Mango Chutney.
Balsamic vegeroni, slow mince, cucumber, corn, onion, grated edam, sour cream, cheese sauce, herbs &amp; spices.
My ultimate Breakfast meal of the day
Schnitzel
Pumpkin seed at Celebrity Edge Eden Restaurant
Sauerkraut Pierogis and Breaded Porkchop
Soft pretzels
My lemon coconut cake.
Matcha and Hokkaido Milk Soft Serve Ice Cream
Ribeye cap with roasted broccoli and potatoes
Vanilla Cake with Strawberry Frosting
“” instant ramen with a straw cause I’m physcopathic
fried shrimp and fish.
Seared scallops on cauliflower puree with saffron paprika "coral" Smoked salmon pikelets with goat cheese mascarpone cream and fresh oysters.
Aubergine cutlet, mozzarella, tomato, egg, spinach, pesto
Tarka dhal with rice and cucumbers!
The snacks THEY don't want you to know about!
Red velvet cupcakes!
sirloin steak, pitta and basil salad
Egg Drop Soup.
Chocolate hazelnut cookies
mini basque cheesecake
banana bread
this ramen
I made Birria Queso Taco's
Grilled Cheese Fried Egg Sandwich Combonation
Sweet potato purée, kale salad with pine nuts and lemon vinaigrette, and filet
sweet and sour chickpeas over roasted broccoli and rice
Korean Short Rib over Vegetable Fried Rice with a Wasabi Aioli
blueberry crêpes
Red Velvet stuffed with cheesecake layer.
Herb au provence crusted pan fried local pork chops, sautéed spinach with salted organic cherry potatoes, enjoy.
Spanakopita triangles
gruffalo birthday cake
Churrasco with Uruguayan Chimichurri
Pizza with salad
Turtle Cheesecake
(un)fried Chicken
Animal Style Fries - V-Grits Louisville, KY
Ragu alla bolognese
Putin Likely Directed Efforts To Swing 2020 US Election To Trump: Report - NDTV
French Taco
Jollof rice and peppered beef
A Chocolate Bomb
Chicken Cordon Bleu
Steak,potatoes, and chimichurri. All sous-vided.
Linguine with Clams
Valentine's Day Dinner - Bacon Wrapped Filet, Garlic Butter Mashed Potatoes, and Balsamic Chili Glazed Brussel Sprouts
Lemon pasta with chicken
#rotimaker  roti making ( by machine &amp; by hand )
Garlic and Tomato Prawn Spaghetti
Butternut and Acorn Squash Soup
Samosa style stuffed sweet potato with roasted brussel sprouts
dinner tonight
Manchego and red onion pizza with arugula, condensed balsamic vinegar, and truffle olive oil
cinnamon rolls.
calorie friend amount of Oven Roasted Tofurky Luncheon Meats
Wonton soup and scallion pancakes.
Sugar cookies with royal icing
Food banks work during COVID pandemic to feed increasing number of hungry Ohio families - The Columbus Dispatch
Parker House Dinner Rolls
Thai grilled chicken &amp; beef stir fry with basil
CHICKEN NUGGETS
Slovenian Potica
Chicken Za'atar with veg
Robinhood to allow 'limited' buys of GameStop, AMC, others on Friday - MarketWatch
Korean style chicken wings and a leg with homemade pickled daikon and carrots.
Kipferl
Cheeseburger with wasabi and kimchi mayo and chips
Deer meat pasta
Reverse sear New York steak with Pasta Aglio e Olio.
Vegetable Quiche
The "Capri Special" from my favorite local deli. Mortadella, capicola, Genoa salami, provolone, LTO, and house dressing on fresh baked 8" foccasia bread
beef sliders and sweet potato fries.
Is this Filet Mignon? I just want to make sure. Think i got some sirlion steak.  a piece and it tasted a bit. I remember filet mignon to always be round.
Chicken tenders and fries
Confit duck leg, roast potatoes, green beans, whipped herbed goats cheese
Dr Pepper pulled pork with grits at the Pioneer Woman's restaurant in Oklahoma
Spaghetti al Pomodoro with Burrata
Reverse seared steak with oven baked parmesan “risotto” and sautéed asparagus.
Brusceti I made a while ago, what do you think?
Christmas beef Wellington (I know it’s late)
whole Grain Chicken Enchiladas
locally mad in Iowa. Young guns sauce creations. If you guys and gals are looking for something a little different to kick up those taste buds, we got it..
Caramel brownies
Bacon and egg fried rice
Fried buttermilk chicken with brioche buns.
Braised beef short ribs and mash, using Korean gochujang as a marinade and sauce base.
Chana Masala (Chickpea curry) and garlic, coriander and chilli naan
Savory galette - chicken sausage with sautéed veggies and ricotta cheese
ASMR MUKBANG eat chicken
Garlic Parmesan Polenta Cakes with Tomato Sauce and Ricotta
Pescado empapelado red onion steamed tomato and vegetables some lemon zest.
Green Chili Pork Sandwich
my famous Green Chili
Venison
eggs and toast
Rock out with a wok out
Pizza with Prosciutto, Bell Pepper, Onion, and, Olives
Banana chips
Since the Fair isn’t happening this year, we decided to do Fair-themed food all week at work. I made this: diced chicken lightly tossed in buffalo sauce stirred with Mac n cheese and bacon bits in a hoagie bun.
Snowman
Korean bbq for one, extra garlic
My Bread
Chocolate soufflé
this panini with turkey, provolone, mayo, stuffing, cranberry sauce, gravy on the side
Crushed, roasted new potatoes.
Dried chili and fish relish Phuket style, soft boiled salted duck egg, soft boil egg and vegetable. To be eaten with rice.
Soft, butter pretzels
Earl Grey bundt cake with lemon icing
shrimp &amp; grits
Spoonable Strawberry Cheesecake
Skor Chocolate Chip Cookie
Pasta Fagioli
Taiwanese beef noodle soup!
Tomato Season 😋
cheeseburger
Baklava Sticky Buns
Takeaway Sushi Platter
The world is on fire, especially my childhood country, Lebanon. I felt like shit and wanted to make a comfort food from Lebanon... Fatteh - it was delicious. Warm chickpeas on a bed of fried pita covered in garlic yogurt and tahini sauce with roasted pine nuts.. divine.
Sourdough Milk Mantou
Freshly made bread with mozzarella, garlic butter and scallions.
Hot Chocolate
this hot cross bun, toasted and with lashings of butter.
oxtail stew with fresh ricotta gnocchi
Meatball pho

Wagyu Ribeye (SRF) asparagus, mushrooms, and a sweet-potato with brown sugar.
Fried squirrel, biscuits, and gravy
Turkish Eggs (Cilbir)
Chicken, Spinach, Spicy Sausage Stromboli
Spinach, tuna and feta casserole
KFC Employee Reveals How KFC is prepared.
Chicago deep dish style cheese pizza
Ribeye w/ Chimichurri and Baked Potato
Sunday Roast Pork Loin - with garlic and Rosemary roasted potatoes, crispy kale, tender stem broccoli, orange and honey glazed carrots and Yorkshire pudding.
A5 Miyazaki Beef Top Blade Steak with “Teriyaki” Sauce
48 hrs in the sous vide and I have most tender corned beef ever. Worth the wait
Sushi sharing platter.
Eggplant Parm and balcony basil.
Fried Spam and two eggs over rice in Cantonese style
My carnivore One Meal a Day dinner...👅
Cinnamon Rolls
sushi😍 love it
I made donuts for my daughter's birthday
Strawberry rhubarb pie!
Peach Mango Mouse Dessert
Fresh Pasta Carbonara
It took a *lot* of searching, but I finally tracked down the recipe for a pie my grandmother used to make. Big thanks to the redditor who put me on the right track about looking into community compilation cookbooks.
Sandwich  ham, turkey, pepper jack, spicy mustard, chili garlic sauce, lettuce, pepperoni, banana peppers.
Banana Cake with Lemon Cream Cheese Frosting
The best Christmas Eve munchies
Garlic naan
Kababs &amp; Chops
A cheeseburger with mac n' cheese, pickles, and a combined sauce of ketchup, sriracha and italian dressing.
Broccoli Cheddar Soup in a Sourdough Bread Boule
Catfish ceviche with toasted flour tortillas
rice krispie treat turkey legs
Zucchini - Berries Smoothie Bowl, Avocado/Tomato/Egg Sandwich and Soy Milk :)
Topokki and a boiled egg
Oysters
Kimchi and Pork Bowl
Parma ham and mascarpone Neapolitan pizza
Mint and Parsley Crusted Rack of Lamb
Beans of the green
Couscous
Vegetable Soup!
This is not for everybody (mainly because of the smell) but Vietnamese fermented shrimp paste makes for a savory and salty dip!
piperinox
High Hydration Milk Bread makes great toast - Cooking Bowl
Smoked Poutine Sausage
Feta and courgette pancakes, bacon, eggs and roasted tomatoes
Chocolate cupcakes filled with Marshmallow Frosting and topped with Ganache and more Marshmallow Frosting
vada- Indian food(breakfast)
Today I  Pot Roast, Cauliflower Alfredo and Pesto Pasta with Grilled Onions and Mushrooms as well as Roasted Potatoes and Sweet Potatoes with Garlic Bread.
Baked ziti
mashed potatoes and meat
Boxing Day Beef Wellington
Whataburger themed smash cake!
Bacon Baked Beans
South Indian coconut milk pulao
Reverse Seared Steak w/ Roasted Garlic Mashed Potatoes and Asparagus
Mushroom Risotto and Chicken Parmigiana
Pork Panang Curry
Castella cake
New Year’s Day lunch
end-of-year soba (toshikoshi soba) 2020
Pizza with pesto, pulled pork, red onion, kale, jalapeños, mozzarella and cheddar cheeses.
Tomato-Garlic Spanish Rice
Brown butter chocolate chunk &amp; cashew cookies
Made this red coconut curry special at work
burger seasoned with Rosemary and garam masala with Havarti cheese on a gluten free bun.
beef with broccoli
Turkey katsu
Pakistani Chicken Karahi with roti
Red lentil curry
Leek and parsnip soup
teriyaki chicken, easy and delicious!
brownie sundae.
meatballs with sourdough garlic bread
Bacon Weave
Hungarian cake
Thalassery Malabar Chicken Biriyani
Crispy deep fried chilli beef with egg fried rice.
Rosemary, garlic, tomato focaccia.
Hazelnut cheesecake with white chocolate ganache
Very Famous Street Food by  in local street of Pakistan
takis new meat stick
Duck Breast Ramon
Trying to make  chocolate chip cookies with all purpose flour and lakanto sweetener but can only find “sugar free” recipes that are actually fully keto, has anybody used the red bag of lakanto instead of sugar in cookies?
Omelet stuffed with sautéed mushrooms, onions and jalapeños
Pulled Pork sandwich.
Avocado hash
Raspberry Dark Chocolate Slab
- NYC, Staten Island, Sausage Egg and Cheese on fresh Egg Bagel - Saw SI get bad press because of Mac's. We're not all crazy, I swear. Also saw a roll on the front page, come on now! NYC is bagel city! (AA battery for scale. Sorry, my current bananas are huge too)
a dessert sampler
Naturally Pureed Tomatoes
- SUSHI
Badische Salzwecken/Buns topped with coarse sea salt and caraway
Pumpkin spice rock cakes with actual pumpkin
Brisket Biscuits (similar to an empanada or meat pie)
Poppyseed and Everything bagels!
In-n-Out animal style Smash burger
Chicken Sandwiches with Hokkaido Milk Buns
Fresh Tomato Harvest
Brown Butter Bourbon Pecan Cookies
Chicken Schnitzel with Lime Butter Sauerkraut
steamed pork buns and chow main noodles
https://youtu.be/OXUbTOL8mkE
Steak and mashed potatoes. Hit me with the criticism pls
Sun-dried tomatoes from balcony in olive oil with herbs
brioche
6 Egg Omelette with Cheese, pan flipped with Tapitao hot sauce “”
chocolate cookie
Panko &amp; rice cereal crusted beer battered chicken strips
Brisket
cherry bbq pulled pork
brisket slaw. I’ve been eating it all day, it’s gone a long way.
COVID-19 vaccination for senior citizens, people with comorbidities starts from March - Mint
Chicken pot pie
Cashew Chicken Gravy with Naan
Spiced Chickpea Salad
Tuna sandwich and spinach egg scramble
Forest Berries Wrapped-Cake
Roast duck a l’orange for New Year’s dinner
Chicken and Vegetable Rice with Egg
Video of city gang-rapegoes viral
Today's dinner
Grilled entrecôte steak, potatoes, and a cabbage salad'That's why I Joined Telegram': Donald Trump Jr's announcement on Twitter - Hindustan Times
Vietnamese food for our grandmas death anniversary.
Delicious Laswa vegetable soup from Iloilo City, Philippines
Red Bell Pepper Soup
Sourdough Baguette
duck galantine, lentils, egg yolk
grilled fish in bali
Simple loaf of bread
Fry-up / English breakfast w/Welshy toast (minus tomato).
Thai Tea Tres Leches Cake
Spaghetti allo Scoglio
Salmon Puttanesca
Mulligatawny makes a rainy day a little better.
2 English Breakfast, 1 6 egg Omlette!
Japanese fried rice
Somebody made a meat pizza recipe from Campbell Soup
Toil awarded with comfort
Prepping the roast beast.
Double Smashburger on Homemade Buns
Fettuccine Alfredo with shrimp and bacon
“”, Stewed bean dish in clay pot. 🇹🇷
Egg Noodles in Butter Garlic Sauce with Mussels and Shrimp
Salmon and mashed potatoes
Sweet Whiskey Glazed Cajun-Spiced Ribs served with pork sausage
BBQ &amp; Pickles
- I just launched a Kickstarter that is targeted toward - Low Carb, Low Calorie, individuals.
Red Miso Ramen
Feijoada
Did u had this Simple and Tasty recipe before? Pav bhaji Recipe  simple to prepare.
Banana bread with condensed milk.
Apple Enchiladas with caramel sauce with ice cream
Over-Easy Eggs over White Rice
Benny by me
Chorizo and eggs on whole wheat sourdough
Chicken Gyro with Roasted Mushrooms
mcdonald's pineapple pizza
Whiskey &amp; Rye Cookies
Mac and Cheese with bacon
Chicken Tikka Masala and garlic naan
Detroit Style Garbage Plate Pizza
Budae-jiggae
Dal Makhni
Spareribs, Schweinenacken, Lendenspieße, Gemüsespieße, Berner Würste and Kräuterbutterbaguette. And a nice assortment of Sauces.
an apple... need I say more?
Breakfast Egg Sandwiches on fluffy Japanese milk bread!
Elsässer Kraut mit Salzkartoffeln
Bacon, egg and cheese quesadilla with a side of tots.
Spicy Korean chicken and rice, Dak Galbi
Garlic Pork (Moo Gratiem)
Eating large bowl of noodle and small meatball soup.
Tex-Mex Burger
Old El Paso Tacos w/ onion, cilantro, sour cream and hot sauce.
Lamp Ravioli with Thyme and Amarone Wine Sauce
Wagyu feast.
Filet mignon sandwiches
tuna tataki with sweet and sour cucumber and carrot, avocadocream and radishes
Baked wings with homemade rub
Avocado toast top with prosciutto and egg
Cocoa-Banana Swirled Meringue Sandwich with Whipped Banana Crème Pâtissière!
Chicken rum tikka
Prime filet, crisped smashed potatoes, bacon-wrapped enoki and roasted garlic
Classic cheesey Lasagna
Danish with a croissant base, whipped cream with rhubarb-juice, a cookie lid and rasberry dust
Bacon and Egg Sandwiches
My better half does the tastiest roast potatoes! Change my mind!
I know what you did...
Chinese roasted lamb
Crab cake Benedict with Fried green tomatoes and pimento cheese grits
Pho Ga
Sago/Tapioca Pearls Recipe
Chocolate Chip Toffee Cookies
toasted sourdough w/ siracha, crushed avocado, sautéed plum tomatoes and fried egg. Breakfast of champions.
Taiwan's Keelung Night Market is delicious
Pizza with prosciutto mozzarella and topped with diced basil and honey.
late night beer food
Chorizo, Chicken, and Bacon Pizza
tagliatelle
Cast iron pizza cookie
Japanese a5 wagyu
i tried with fresh mozzarella. Needs work
Steak quesadilla/big taco
Chicken Curry with Basmati Rice and Pappadums
Sage Laminated Pappardelle
korean spicy pork rice bowl
Double cheese and leftover veggies.
cheesy beef enchiladas
Close up of crispy grilled cheese with feta and American
Filet mignon
Breakfast hash from leftovers
tenderloin city chicken
Salmon Fillet w/ a Creamy Mash &amp; Asparagus
I dub thee: Chicken Plate 🐔
Beef fillet with mint and parsley crust, red wine and dark chocolate sauce, and a garnish of black truffle
Matcha and Yuzu cupcakes  Honey Mustard and Cheddar Pinwheel Rolls
ghost chilli chicken bites
Fettuccine with Garden Pesto
Mouth watering chili and skillet cornbread.
Grilled Cheese and Kimchi Sandwich
Bacon wrapped Pork Tenderloin.
Sweet Potato and Pumpkin Soup with Sourdough Croutons
Pasta Dough
Paneer tikka skewers
Buffalo Wings and Crispy Potatoes
Cream and prosciutto Ravioli
Sausage gravy over biscuits and potatoes with eggs
Garlic Thyme Pumpkin Seeds
The Perfect Way to Bake a Fish
Waffled potatoes, beef short rib, and roasted green beans.
Onion bhajis
Lego in Real Life - Món Spaghetti CỰC ĐẸP MẮT - Thánh Nấu Ăn Crazy Stop ...
Inspired by this sub, I thourght id try giving steak birria tacos a shot... I'm beside myself at how well they turned out!
Rabbit Roulade with spinach, mushroom and prosciutto. Turnip and potato crema. Mustard jus. Garden vegetables.
Charcuterie Board with great lighting
Adobo sauce marinated pork loin, Spanish rice pilaf with red&amp; green peppers, sautéd zucchini, squash, and red onion.
Top Republicans call for Cuomo's ouster following nursing home revelation - Politico
Japanese curry with a twist
Grilled Pork Loin.
Shrimp Fried Rice
Hot chocolate
some dressed up breakfast bagels at a local food truck! @lonestar.foodie on insta
Vegan Jackfruit Biriyani...
Beef Stroganoff &amp; Roasted Brussel Sprouts
Crème brûlée.
mori payesh.
Vietnamese Pork Banh Mi Sandwiches
Pizza with anchovies and mushroom
some Thanksgiving oysters.
Picanha surf &amp; turf
Beer Soaked Fried Pickles With Homemade Hooters Ranch
parmesan garlic mushroom chicken served over rice
Blueberry Shortcake
Pumpkin coffee cake
Nashville Hot Chicken
How to Make the Perfect  Lemon Pound Cake!
B.L.A.T. for a Saturday night, light supper.
Christmas Scallops and Glass Noodles
Kimchi using homegrown Napa Cabbage
pici pasta in roasted butternut squash sauce with crispy sage and toasted walnuts
Pie day my way!
Smoked and Reverse Seared Tri-tip.
, Yesterday we JAM_med, It ended up splendidly. Passion fruit_Jam with mint Variations, Watermelon_Jam and Coconut_Jam...
spinach deep pan pizza
My fist pizza
Hickory smoked Turkey
donuts
Cajun Jambalaya
Chicken Congee with crispy chicken skin
Kothimbir (coriander) fritters
Nashville hot chicken burger with homemade bun
gingerbread man
Broccoli Caserole.
This was obviously inspired by the movie, and much easier than expected. I advise you all to try ratatouille!
BBQ chicken pizza.
my mums a
Roasted chicken over potatoes, carrots, and parsnips.
Pan Seared Haida Gwaii Halibut, Gnocchi Succotash, Grilled Asparagus and Anchovy Butter.
Char Sui Pork Roast
“” homemade Pizza
Steak Quesadilla, stuffed with diced tomatoes, melted cheddar jack cheese, sautéed mushrooms, sliced steak meat and topped with homemade salsa, sour cream, diced chives and guacamole, served with Mexican potatoes topped with Chipotle Mayo and fresca crumbled cheese
Ube shake from Shake Shack
Aguachile
Hennessy caramels! My third attempt at caramels and this batch has liquor - I think I got it just right!
Gelato
Cinnamon Pretzel Bites
تنزيل برنامج تغيير خلفية الصور للكمبيوتر بروابط مباشرة 20221
tonight I ate lemon alfredo linguine.
Sushi with Arabian ingredients
Doughnuts
Cherrwood Bacon Mac and Cheese and Spicy BBQ Baby back Ribs. Smoked.
Everything Bagel with Lox, Sweet Onions, and Cream Cheese
Fruit salad
quiche with random veg and cream cheese
"ELA ADA" indian dish,
Thai green curry with chicken and zucchini
Mushroom “cheesesteak”
Ham, olives, Provolone, Parmiggiano. 1 spoon of honey in the dough.
cheeseburgers
Baked Alaska
pan seared steak
tasty
How plantain chips are made
chicken satay
Poppyseed bagels
Spicy chickpea stew
Bún Chả
Baker Cod fish topped with a homemade pepper sauce.
Rack of lamb
Squid ink pumpkin pasta
Chocolate Mousee with whipped cream and a cherry!
Spatchcocked yardbird.
Aprenda a fazer um delicioso pão de cuscuz na frigideira
Lemon Chicken""
Breakfast Poutine
smash burger with a cheese skirt and homemade Big Mac sauce
Venison meatloaf and my favorite sides
Spiced avocado on toasted sourdough bread with prosciutto and tomatoes. Topped with a lemon infused olive oil drizzle.
Garlic mashed potato and BBQ pulled pork street tacos topped with smoked cheddar cheese
Chicken Piccata over roasted fingerlings, carrots, and sautéed spinach. GF&amp;DF
chicken lickin’
'Why should I praise Ashwin and Axar if Root is taking 5/8': Inzamam wants ICC to take action against Ahmedabad pitch - Hindustan Times
Macaroni and meatballs with an extra touch of melted mozarella
Hot Ham Water
Monday Mcmuffins
Skillet Lasagna
McDonald's, Late To The Party, Spicy Chicken Sandwich
An absolute game changer 🤤
cheesecake!
Truffled mushroom risotto
A breakfast sandwich
Pomegranate cherry pie with sanding sugar topping
beef short rib stew
Ribeye, reverse sear
Spicy Tomato Mozz Penne
Leftover Pot Roast Puff Pastry Hand Pies
lobster and steak breakfast sandwich
Juicy Marshmallow cubes
Lemon blueberry cake + lemon curd filling
Thai Tea Cheesecake
BBQ Shredded Jackfruit
Chocolate KitKat Cake
- double layer vanilla and chocolate panna cotta
Bao with sake
Polish Potato Packcake (placki ziemniaczane) with Sour Cream and Apple Sauce
Honey/chipotle broiled salmon with roasted veggies
🍗 KFC - Keto Fried Chicken 🍗 .
Caprese salad, spicy pepper chicken breast, kimchi, black rice, and beef and radish soup
sous vide marrow is the best marrow
Chicken-Fried Pork Chop with Gravy
Beef curry
Eggs Benedict on a whole wheat english muffin!
perfect eggs
Parmesan Crusted Chicken over Pesto Pasta with Sun Dried Tomatoes and Toasted Pine Nuts
Brunch Burger.
Carolina BBQ
NY Strip with a garlic and red pepper flake compound butter, and a 3hr baked sweet potato.
Chocolate chip cookie
caldo de res
Stuffed Bitter Gourd &amp; Potato | Indian Meal | #FoodParadiso
Dorito Nacho Burger
Raspberry Ribbons Buns
Chicken Curry, Dal Makhni and Garlic Naan.
bacon and egg croissant with chilli guacamole
Duncan donuts mocha latte cereal bars.
KFC - Fried Chicken
Smoked Chicken, White BBQ Sauce, Bread and Butter Pickled Bell Peppers, Fried Green Tomato, Potato Bun.
Takoyaki or Octopus Balls is a ball-shaped tasty snack.
Magic cake: 3 layers made from one batter
Dinner buns
Best Tropical Smoothie
garlic naan
mini-frittata
Soup
cheesy tuna congee
Turkey Sandwich with Berries and Banana
oven nachos supreme
stocks famous pound cake
cheesecake (super easy recipe)
Buttermilk pancake, bacon, egg, cheddar, ambrosia apple, maple syrup sandwiches
Ribeye steak, roasted sugar pumpkin, potato and asparagus salad with pistachios and chimmichurri
simple spinach spaghetti with an egg yolk.
Classic Carbonara pasta
Brown beans tacos and pulled smoked aubergine
Gnocchi with bacon, spinach and roasted asparagus in a mascapone sauce
Some thanksgiving lamb soon to cooked for dinner
Cheeseburger with Bacon Jam
Stock Market Live: Sensex off day's lows, Nifty around 14,500
White Chocolate Cheesecake Donut
Cheddar and Scallion Scones
Festive Sliders on home made bread
Typical Bitter Melon Snacks with Chicken
First sourdough bread from seventeen year old starter
First attempt at making cookies and first attempt at making oatmeal butterscotch cookies
pinto beans and cornbread
Moist chocolate cake w/ cookie crumbs and peanut butter drizzle
canolis
Shrimp and cheese empanadas with a chipotle mayo sauce.
My take on sukiyaki. Aus grain fed Wagyu MB9+ with egg yolk on soba in dashi with bok choi and shiitake
Musubi
Spaghetti risottata using roasted peppers and a garlic, EVOO, chili base
Trad Korean new years dish Dduk Guk

Roasted Creamy Poblano Sauce
Curry Ramen- Dallas, TX
Hatch Chile Gouda Cream Cheese Shrimp &amp; Grits topped with Butter Chicken Spinach
Video Of Man Falling Asleep In Bubble Bathtub Goes Viral - Kalinga TV
Dark chocolate stovetop popcorn
qurrito.
second pizza :)
A Lotus Banoffee Pie!
Pesto and Tomato Pizza
Cheese and bacon sausage rolls
loaves of bread
Chocolate Fudge Bunt Cake
Steak and Veggies for dinner
Dark chocolate covered strawberries
big dope
Blood orange pavlova, lavender cookie, ginger honey, mint
Tagliatelle
Police Arrest Woman Seen Assaulting Uber Driver in Viral Video - The Denver Channel
How to make delicious sweet dessert 😋
Honey Sriracha Chicken Wings
Meat Goblin for Halloween
Pistachio Macaron
Spiced Boneless Chicken Thighs
Beef Wellington with kale and truffle sauce
Chicken and waffles with maple syrup
Labor Day action with a variety of cuts.
The Tuna Lover Special
. Happy Lunar New Year!
Breakfast Cheeseburger
How to Make Minced Meat From Expensive Stuff - Stop Motion Cooking ASMR
LEGO AMONG US: Làm HOTDOG kẹp Xúc Xích Hun Khói CỰC VUI NHỘN cùng Thánh ...
Blueberry muffins i made at work to take home.
HÃI HÙNG với ĐẠI TIỆC CÔN TRÙNG(rết,nhện,sâu,...) - Funny&amp;Unusual Stop M...
Chocolate Chocolate Chip Cookies
Transylvanian Ciorbă De Perisoare (Pork-and-Rice Meatball Soup)
Rueben with air fried potatoes.
Manchurian Gravy and Jeera Rice
Shakshuka
California Roll with home made gravlax.
Turkey Dinner
Chocolate peanut butter chaffle
honey candy
Delicatessen
Taco Pudding.
Aubergine and courgette pasta milanese.
Fridays Cast Iron Pizzas
double turkey burger, bacon, pickles and cooper cheese sauce.
cookie-paleton which is Cookies and cream cookie, Chocolate chip cookie, then brownie cookie.
Green slime ketchup cheeseburger.
Tasty "" healthy recipe of bhalla
Sichuan Hot and Sour Noodles!
Smoked chicken two ways and brisket for the win.
meatball grinders 🤤
Red Velvet Cake
Chilean Sea Bass with gnocchi &amp; mushrooms
Eggs Benedict/Dry Aged Salami/Hashbrown Fritters
Orange Roughy, Fried rice cakes, Spaghetti squash, Shrimp buerre rouge
Vegetarian Pot stickers &amp;dipping sauce, vegetarian stir fry&amp;rice
Fish &amp; Chips &amp; Meat
challah bread
Pescando en la Playa! -
Chicken Burger
guacamole
Pepperoni pizza with cheesy stuffed crust
Mandarin Marmalade from homegrown mandarins
Falooda - an Indian milkshake dessert!
Crêpes with wildberry syrup, nutella &amp; bananas
Philly cheese steaks
blueberry oats topped with cinnamon
wonton noodle soup
Stout Braised Short Rib served over a Pomme Purée
Strawberry Crisp
Classic double cheeseburger.
fried chicken sandwich
California Burrito with Salsa Verde
Cuban roast pig for Christmas.
Tropical pizza
Honey Garlic StuffedM ushrooms and Red Potato Salad
Chicken and Vegetables Grill
Orange cod sous vide, green peas royale and carrots two ways
Duck confit with orange sauce and sweet potato puree.
Crunchwrap Supreme
Caramel Apple Focaccia
I made a pretzel pizza with cheese wiz, mozzarella, and ham then drizzled with honey mustard
Potato Cheese Balls
Tofu and Veggie Stir Fry
Basic but Beautiful
Leave the gun, take the cannoli
Lamb Shank, Yukon Gold, Ratatouille and heirloom Carrot, Mustard frills
Shoyu Ramen with Chashu Pork
Sushi Nachos, Sashimi and Rolls with fresh Wasabi
Grilled Jalapeno Poppers
Smoked Turkey sandwich young guns style.
black sesame cookies.
grilled cheese with thick cut bacon and red delicious apple slices.
Carnitas for Tacos
pork ramen
fried eggplants with pork.
Shrekroissants and Pains au Shrek (Pistachio/Caramelized Onion)
Szechuan Peppercorn Pancetta
Meet pie &amp; fresh orange juice
Avocado Toast w/Sprouts
my cousin made these polar bear macaroon pops!
Pork chop, wild mushroom risotto, and garlic Swiss chard
Pineapple Upside-down Cake.
Orange cake
Lobster &amp; shrimp bisque, sourdough, Dungeness crab
{homemade} prime rib roast beef with delicious gravy
Crepe Cake—Ugly on the outside, lots of layers on the inside!
Mums Christmas Sausage Rolls. Not christmas without them.
Challah Bread
Roasted Butternut Squash Sage Soup
Bacon Potato Cheddar Frittata with shallots and thyme.
maki rolls including an Aburi salmon roll (blowtorched)
Steak au Poivre, w/ fries and peas. Steak and peppercorn sauce
Hickory Smoked Wagyu Brisket Flat
Spinach Lasagna
Sourdough with Pumpkin Seeds
Scallop and Lobster Fettucine Alfredo!
have you all tried the famous feta cheese pasta? im obsessed!
pork loin and stuffed pork belly
Creamy prawn and cod stew with tomatoes
Have pulsars provided a glimpse of gravitational waves from merging supermassive black holes? - physicsworld.com
Spaghetti Carbonara.
Tacos al pastor, carnitas, and camarones
Cast iron pizza with Parmesan crust. Pepperoni, bacon, banana peppers, green olive and mozzarella
Black Pepper Tofu
juiciest turkey meatballs
Veggie breakfast
Chicken Extra Noodles Soup
Avocado on a rice cake, Bahri dates, almond butter
Chicken Brest
Sushi platter for the whole family.
Sabazushi
lemon pound cake
"" cajun Burger
Wild Yunnan Mushroom Hotpot
Dutch Oven Crusty Bread
Spanikopita and Potato and Cheese Borekas
Yummy Fruit Cake
Boba Milk Cap Cake!
MAPLE SRIRACHA glazed Fried Chicken tenders and homemade Mayo.
Chicken and waffles Benedict with bacon jam and chive hollandaise.
Wrap
potato pave steak and scallop
Corned beef hash and eggs
Skirt Steak and Pot Noodle
Chicken burrito and steak tacos
Indonesian style potato &amp; gizzard stews, with sides corn fritters
Taco Tuesday with chips.
Chocolate Babka &amp; Cinnamon Babka
Beef shortrib bibimbap
French dip squares
Smoked Venison Donair Meat
Snack Plate w/ Fruits, Nuts, Cheese, and Meat.
Unskewered Georgian Mtsvadi Plated with Red Onion, Pomegranate Seeds, Red Ajika and Green Tkemali
Taco Salad with Ground Beef, Avocado, Spinach, Cheese, Tomato, and Sour Cream
Strawberry Shortcake with Buttermilk Pound Cake.
A tlayuda my family has made. It consists of chorizo, cecina, avocado, onion slices, tomatoes, cabbages, black beans and Oaxaca string cheese. What are your thoughts on the dish?
South Carolina Oysters
Roasted tomato and garlic sauce with pork meatballs.
Sourdough pizza
Cauliflower fritters w/peppers, onions and parsley ... ummm awesome
pizza bianca, four different kinds
America compliation, comimg soon to youtube
pizza with parm
Philly Cheesesteak Bell Peppers
Mise En Place
Beef Chilli
Baked eggplant with yogurt garlic sauce
chili dogs
Charcoal BBQ’d ribeye steak, marinaded for 2 days in balsamic glaze, Worcestershire, rice vinegar &amp; salt, left to “dry age” for 24 hours before grilling.
Taquito
A charcuterie board. YUM!
Oreo and choc chip brownie, sandwiched between moist chocolate sponge cake, iced with a fluffy milk choc buttercream, topped with a dark choc ganache and more brownies.
macaroni and cheese stuffed acorn squash
Bread capybara
collard greens and fall off the bone ribs. Had to buy the Mac and cheese though lol.
Poori (Indian Fried Flat bread) with Mixed Vegetable Basen Curry( we call it bombay Chutney)
mini-meatball soup. Stock too.
Almond &amp; Raspberry Franjipane
Had the most fun putting together these cupcakes for Halloween.
Pork Rind Encrusted Chicken, Cauliflower “Mac” n Cheese and a Roma. It may not look like much but it’s a step in the right direction. (Sauce is G. Hughes)
Desserts " "
Thai Chicken Coconut Curry
Chocolate Chip Pancakes with Smoked Bacon
Big Mac (100% plant based)
Mozzarella stuffed meatballs
Classic pumpkin pie
Food Coloring Free Velvet Cake.
Campfire Baked/Grilled Lemon Pepper Pork Chops
Fresh Peach Pie
Cordon Bleu sandwich with cajun seasoned fries
Panna Cotta with Raspberry Coulis
Irish Moss Guinness Punch Drink..,
Biden cake
Chocolate mufins 🧁
Triple Smashburger, onion, lettuce, and pickles and special burger sauce
Ribs, Pasta and Risotto
this Cheeseburger
This man can sleep.
Laksa Noodle Soup
American Waygu beef cheese steak
Scrambled Eggs, Tomatoes and Bacon
baked chicken and roasted potatoes and green beans.
Bacon and egg breakfast tacos
sweet chilli chicken skewers, potato wedges and mayonnaise sweetcorn
Sausage Peppers and Onions Stuffed Crust Pizza
Mini, smoked pumpkin, pumpkin pies

Pesto Chicken Calzone
Gingerbread house and snowy scene!
Falafel wrap with garlic hummus (store-bought) and some salad
Chicken, Chorizo and Pea Risotto
Stuffed Pepper Chicken Parm
Carnitas tacos with tomatillo salsa
Kale-Infused Chicken Sausage with Olive-Oil Sautéed Multi-Color Peppers Plated atop Pasta
Smoked Lonza
norimaki
Bbq chicken, ribs, brisket, pulled pork and more.
Chocolate buttermilk cake with peanut butter chantilly and chocolate ganache.
Shrimp Tacos Extremely Simple
bbq chicken.im 13
Korean Inspired Eggs Benedict w/ Fondant Potatoes
Takis new Artisan fuego chips.
Japanese curry
Star of viral video, kid gets gear from Grandy - MLB.com
Miso gochujang wings
Can’t go wrong with Cacio e Pepe. 4 ingredients is all you need.
Spaghetti Alla Gricia
Parmasean crusted tilapia with mango-lime salsa and creamed spinach
Beef Bourguignon/ Bacon Fat Potatoes/ Dijon
Elvet steakhouse  the mix grill ;)
Mexican conchas (st Valentine special) in UK
Poke Bowl
Chicken, ham and leek pie with hot water crust pastry
Dutch Babies Poppin’
lamb kebab ribs with mint yogurt chutney
Potato hash with eggs
Laal maas (spicy mutton curry)
Venison Negimaki
3 AirPods upgrades I want Apple to make this year - CNET
Ribeye steak for New Years dinner
Deviled Eggs with Fried Chicken Schnitzel, and 101 Bourbon-Bacon Jam
Thumb prints
tres leches with cinnamon and strawberry topping
Veg Puff Pastry
Chicken Waterzooi
Dry Aged beef tallow cubes
Shabu shabu pork n vegetables, salt grilled hamachi kama, sashimi scallops
tin foil
Apple pie
breakfast platter featuring various breads, stuffed ebelskivers, poached and fried (in bacon fat) eggs, crispy bacon, avocado and cosmic crisp apple
hamburger
Ribs and rice how did I do I am 12 and Cooking is one of my passions.
Egg/Cheese waffle sandwich.
Midnight Fried Chicken
Garlic naan
Pulled pork &amp; chicken meatball udon bowl
Tonkotsu Ramen
Cookie Dough Ice Cream
avocado and salmon on toasty garlic bagel
holiday cookie box
Braised beef short ribs
Paneer Tika Masala, Butter Chicken, Pakora, Jerra Rice, Roti
Sunday Roast
How to make the Best Sauce for your Meatballs
Barbeque chicken
3AM Cross-Faded “Leftovers” Ramen (with  Shoyu broth)
Meatball Sandwich
Grilled Cheese, American on White
Toaster Waffles
tadig. For the Persians in the house!
tonkotsu ramen with braised pork belly
Roasted butter garlic potatoes
Giant Fettuccine Bolognese
Taco Bell inspired mexican pizza
Minecraft Birthday Cake.
California, Spicy Tuna, and Tempura Onigiri
Fajita breakfast skillet
Blackened Shrimp with Buttery Charred Garlic and Onions
DIY anniversary dinner 😋 Pandemic-life
Turkey escalope with Carrots Vichy à la crème
Gоіng Bananas Ovеr Banana Bread Recipe Thеrе are twо issues thаt come tо mіnd whеn ѕоmеоnе mentions Banana Bread; 1) bаnаnа and a pair of) brеаd. Brеаd has еxіѕtеd fоr сеnturіеѕ еvеr ѕіnсе thе Nеоlіthіс occasions. Primitive mеn сruѕh grаіnѕ utilizing ѕtоnеѕ аnd mіxеd thеm wіth wаtеr.
Cast Iron Dutch Baby
The sourdough bread my father made
pizza 🍕
dark chocolate &amp; smoked seasalt
Blueberry Curd Tart
My Biggest Board Wasn’t Bug Enough
Lemon Bars
Avocado toast with pan fried eggplant and fresh veggies.
waffles with vanilla ice cream, hot cherries and chocolate sprinkles
Broccoli Cheese Soup in a Sourdough Bread Bowl (the bowl is from the bakery)
Buttermilk marinated chicken legs on tops of mixed baby potatoes and dill
Spare ribs with Thai curry (pad pet seacon moo).
Kebab
veg burger recipe
Cajun Potato Wedges
seared tuna , coriander rice, kimchi aioli, nori salad , and gochujang
Easy Pancake
Raisin Cookies Recipe
chicken tikka masala
BBQ ribs, chicken and mashed potatoes
Scallion beef
Italian Sub
Arancini made from aubergine and asparagus risotto
Eggless Orange Cake
Sebi bars Future Group CEO Kishore Biyani from accessing securities market for 1 year - Mint
Spicy Korean Garlic Sprigs with Shrimp
A5 WAGYU FROM HOKKAIDO
Cast Iron Ribeye, Asparagus, and smashed potatoes
Chic-fil-A Egg and Chicken Biscuit Sandwich
oxtail stew and Nigerian egg for my love.
Thought this looked nice :)
Crispy Spring Chicken Rolls
Coffee cake with sweet cream icing
The Mc Murph
Pancake Day Practice - healthier but just as delicious banana oat pancakes (83 cals each)
North End Boston Lobster Roll
Ethiopian Shiro Wot (gluten free, inexpensive, high protein stew)
General Tso's Chicken over Rice
sweet and sour udon stir-fry with seared tofu :))
Pan-fried Pork Dumplings and Steamed Veggie Dumplings
Beer battered Halloumi Fries with a Balsamic Drizzle.
Challah bread
Kettle Chips
Soy Glazed Salmon
I made Ahi poki endive boats with wild foraged radish flowers and miners lettuce.
This is “Sals,” a regional meal in Syria and some parts of Lebanon too.
Bacon cheeseburger with spicy oven fries
Breakfast Pizza
Hawaiian pan pizza
Loco Moco
Spaghetti with sauce (dont know name) and ribeye cooked on a cast iron skillet
BLT on toasted dark rye with two fried eggs
Springtime: pavlova is back, yay!!! With strawberries, mango, passionfruit and weird long grapes.
golden bbq pulled pork pizza
THE WORLDS HOTTEST WINGS CHALLENGE *VOMIT WARNING*
An oranage
Thai beef noodle soup
peach glazed pork crown roast with stuffing
Tuna poke bowl and combo salmon and tuna poke bowl in Hawaii.
Golden Garlic Bread
Chicken Fajita Torta w/ chicken thigh fajita, refried beans, and cheese
Dinner rolls (Second attempt)
Fried pork butt steaks and garlic mushrooms
Chocolate Mousse Cups
midwestern breakfast
crabmeat fried rice and chilli chicken
Swedish Meatballs with mash potatoes and vegetables.
ethiopian food at abyssinia restaurant
400g T-Bone w bernaise sauce
Chicken Parmigiana I made for my family with all the fixings! 😍
Choco mint and triple choc walnut cookies
Italian Tiramisù
snacks
Lemon Herb Roasted Chicken, Mushroom Stuffing, Cranberry sauce, Lemon Potatoes, and Pan Gravy!
jumbo shrimps
Quick and Easy Puran Poli Recipe at Home , Maharashtrian Sweet Poli ,obbattu
Stewed Yucca
Guess the dish's name?  this at Nik Baker's in Ludhiana
French Macarons with Cherry Buttercream and Lemon Curd
A labor of love for Thanksgiving. All homemade aside from the canned cranberry in the background.
Nduja-Mascarpone pizza
I’m a rookie at cooking but wanted to charge this chicken katsu don I made today. It was phenomenal.
Lime Macarons
Kitty Cake Pops
Miniature Biscuit-Pancake
I made eggs over easy with hot sauce, maple sausage and bacon.
Rosemary Peach Bruschetta Chicken
breakfast burrito with eggs, bacon and hash brown
Super Creamy Penne Alla Vodka
Tomato soup, with (not so homemade) bread
Korean Stir Fried Sausage with Egg Crusted Gimap.
- Fish-fragrant Eggplants
Easy Moroccan Couscous
variety plate, teppanyaki style
Cinnamon Toast Crunch Churro French Toast
Vietnamese duck embryo
Calabacitas
Oven BBQ ribs
Pineapple-Serrano Ribs over Mac ‘n Cheese
Cheesecake is in I see...  Peach Cobbler Cheesecake
Pollo a la plancha w/ caramelized onions and rice
Fresh meat
Hamburger with fries
Monte Cristo Sandwich
grilled cheese and tomato soup with black truffle hot sauce
Where’s my basic/non fancy sardines on toast gang?
Wagyu Kobe beef
Haven't posted on here yet, here's some pics from work.
Kodiak protein pancakes with strawberries and blueberries
Cauliflower Cheeseburger Bake.
carbonara
Prime Bone-In Ribeyes with bacon wrapped asparagus
Pork - Beef - Jalapeño and Aged Cheddar Sausages
Mango Pie
Spread for visiting family; ribeye steak, scallops, duck breast, mashed potatoes, and brussel sprouts
Pizza Bogo. Pepperoni, sausage, mushroom, chicken, and extra cheese. Highly recommended!
Big Macos...McTacos...Cheeseburger tacos with special sauce and French fry pieces 🍔🌮
Filets that I made for my sisters birthday!
corned beef &amp; pastrami sandwich
Ratatouille (confit byaldi)
Horse Steak
Fiery Ramen
A plate of 100% homemade traditional venison from Switzerland
here is our  fried chicken!!!
Rigatoni with tomato sauce
Peanut Butter and Jelly, on whole wheat toast.
White wine and ginger marshmallows.
Ratatouille :)
Dirty Rice
Ring of Foresight
chicken soup
pad thai today! There’s no recipe because I used canned pad thai sauce and kinda used whichever meat I had in the fridge and throw everything together
soon - Tamworth pork chops from the legendary UK butcher, the Ginger Pig.
braised and seared bacon sautéed apples and bourbon Carmel sauce.
How to Make Hot Pepper Pickles with Tomato Sauce?
omnipork spicy noodles
this pizza with half sausage and mozzarella, half basil and ricotta
Spaghetti, parmigiana asparagus sourdough and homegrown sprouts
truffle somen with uni and scallop
Sausage (brautwurst) chili and homemade bread
Focaccia!
Goose breast, potato dumplings, red cabbage and baked apples.
Reverse-seared rump sandwich steak
Candied pork belly
Green chile cheese tots
Free if you eat in 30 minutes
paneer curry pie
Added some instant ramen noodles and soft-boiled eggs to birria broth.
Meatloaf with stuffing and suddenly salad
Veggie wrap with aged white cheddar
3 different kinds of sushi
Reverse seared steak
Egg toast with bacon you recipe
hot pot at HaiDiLao
Chicken curry with turmeric rice. Used curry cubes.
rigatoni bolognese with ricotta.
Chocolate Chip Cookies 🍪
Indian Dish Called Mix Veg Paratha distributed to Underprivileged
Galaxy cake (chocolate/coconut) with chocolate planets and a hidden design
Thousand layer beef patty
Coney Island Hotdog
Seared Scallops with Browned Butter and Roasted Veggies
Stir-fry over White Rice
Kouign Amann
burgers on sausage rolls with ketchup and American cheese
OC  Meat Loaf!
lamb chops and veg.
Large munchie box
Tikin xic (Mayan-style fish cooked with fire)
Turkey Salad
chocolate crinkle cookies
Danish kransekage with almond/Hazel nut croquant
Habanero Hot Honey and Bourbon Glazed Double Smoked Ham
chunky little bunny dango inspired by Monster Hunter
Spicy Roasted Red Pepper Hummus
Pork Chop, reverse-seared cast iron style
Pepperoni, Sausage, Green Olive and Banana Pepper Pizza.
South Indian-style Padhir-pheni with Milk
Pork Ribs - Ginger, Chilli, Garlic &amp; Soy Bbq Sauce
Waldorf salat
Tuna Pizza
color is nutrition
Georgian Lobio and Pita Bread
fried duck with sweetsour sauce
Roberto’s SD. Fresh Tacos and quesadillas.
Braised pork belly, rice, and something green.
Hong Kong-style fried turnip cake with XO sauce
strawberry cheesecake Napoleon
Chocolate Covered Strawberries  for V-Day
A dish with no name.
Bacon, Egg and Cheese Biscuit
Apple Pie Cupcakes with Cinnamon Frosting
Fried spicy egg noodles with pork, peppers and green chillies
breakfast wraps
BBQ Berbere Wings
KFC (Korean Fried Chicken) aka Chimaek (Chicken and Beer)
Livers with onions. One of my favourite domestic dishes.
CBR pizza with fresh rosemary going into the oven
Red wine braised short rib, celeriac purée and roast carrots.
《群英薈萃》Gathering of the heroes(radishes)
Breadipeid
Pho.
Miso-Soy Braised Hispi Cabbage with Hasselback Potatoes
Veg Noodles
japanese style pork bowl aka butadon with blanched kailan in miso soup topped with a ramen egg.
Smoked brisket, potatoes au gratin, fresh tomatoes with balsamic and feta, and pasta salad.
Matcha infused fluffy cake with pistachio (crunchy) base covered with hidden caramel marshmallow pyramid and the second one is a cream encased in peanut and caramel chocolate placed on a crispy (also savoury-spicy) lemongrass base waffle.
Starry, starry, rice crispy treats.
AAA Angus Striploin
Claire Saffitz's Almond Poppy Seed Cake
Breton beans (fasolka po bretońsku)
Butterfly Pea Flower Sourdough
Salmon Burger.
Schwarma spiced, roasted beer can chicken w/ mango beer
Chicken Garlic Chilli curry!
Stir Fry
Danish apricot custard pastry
Can't stop making these buttery kouign amann over lockdown. Custard optional.
Cheeseburger Wrap
Marinated Shiitake White Pizza with Balsamic Reduction
caramel pecan pie
Blackberry Pie
Strawberry cupcakes with strawberry frosting and wafers my friend made me
keto burger
BBQ Smoked Pork Ribs
pains aux raisins
This is soooo good it’s fire🔥wait no it’s ice❄️😂
scallop and leek pasta in a rose sauce
very good BBQ. Ribs and wings.
coconut laddu
Rainbow unicorn lemon birthday cake
Green Chili-Crusted Chicken with Tonkatsu Sauce
Swedish meatballs, twice baked potato and pomegranate
vday dinner - shrimp white wine Parmesan sauce with rucola and cherry tomatoes
Flamebroiled(accidentally) bison burgers
Detroit Style Mac &amp; Cheese Pizza
Live Penn Cove Manila clams with Marsala broth (sourdough not pictured)
millioners shortbread
Shrimp and Crawfish, Broccoli Rotini
Tenderloin with creamy gravy and baked vegetables
N'dolé, Cameroon's national dish
Cucumber Sagoo Kheer
Bannock
Steak Parmesan Pecan Roasted Cauliflower and Sweet Potato Fries
ribeye + mash &amp; pepper corn sauce tomato mushroom
Elote and Mexican street tacos
My version of jambalaya mac n cheese
Peking duck with moo shu pancakes. Merry Christmas all!
Albondigas &amp; Croquetas de Jamon
Roasted Red Pepper and Chipotle Chili
Zucchini Quiche
Japanese strawberry shortcake
Tom kha gai
Hotdogs and Garlic Potato Wedges
Mediterranean olive bread
Corn and Chive Custard
version of Papa John's Festive Pizza
Had a cabin weekend with a few friends. Smoked some wild-caught Rainbow Trout on a cherry and peach wood fire.
Naked Chocolate Fudge Cake with Berries
Roasted pheasant stuffed with granny smith apples and wrapped in pancetta.
Roasted chickenw/ Oyster Sauce with Brown Rice Vermicelli
Éclairs from my kitchen
garlicy butter crust pizza
Shrimp Etouffee
fluffy pancakes with Nutella
Memphis Burger
Beef cheek nachos
Pokemon Fan "Finishes" the Art on a Squirtle Card in Viral Video - ComicBook.com
I made Buckeyes! O-H!
Does someone know recipe for crazy hamburger?
Get healthy teeth and get rid of tooth decay
Deep fried wings, fries and corn on the cob w/ dipping sauces
Classic burger with homemade brioche buns
Pub Burger with Loaded Fries and Beer Battered Onion Rings
cranberry and swiss meringue tart
Churros!
Have you seen what we can eat here in Iran :)
Cheeseburger Sushi
Medium Steak
Halloween sugar cookies
kale with smoked sausage and gammon steak
Burger and homemade buns with smoked cheddar
I made traditional Silesian (southetn Poland :) ) dinner . I hope you guys like it
Dessert Charcuterie board! Go follow! https://instagram.com/tideandtreatcharcuterie?igshid=12lw2kz8l7owk
Chicken, Sausage and Shrimp Gumbo
Big Buddha Pudding from Nara, Japan
Sparerips fried with honey
octopus sausage (Tako sausage)
Free food
Shrimp, Scallop, Andouille jambalaya.
My family holiday dinner reheated, my dad dropped it off last night while I was working 3rd shift. I've been working all weekend at minimum wage for the holidays by myself.
Dominos :)
RIP: Mars digger bites the dust after 2 years on red planet - The Hindu
Sushi rolls! Takuan w veggies, shibazuke, and avocado rolls!
the famous Martin Berasategui garden salad on a tomato jelly
Ground meat with pasta
garlic mash potatoes, string beans and onions with a fried spicy pork chop
Fried sage, broccolini, mozzarella, pesto pizza
slight green Mold on fresh dough?
"TORTYA" The most delicious ""
Boneless chicken thighs with pork and apple stuffing
Smoked Sausage and Chicken gumbo with rice.
Venison meatballs over spaghetti
Salad with baked spicy potatoes
Made campsite philly cheesesteaks. Flat top grill is a camping game changer.
https://ift.tt/3oHAMpy
Chicken &amp; Shrimp Coconut Curry
Cheese and grapes board
Smoked brisket tacos on fresh flour tortillas with spicy arbol chili salsa
Kamayan feast
Sunday dinner with the family - beef roast from the slow cooker, mashies and lemon, pepper green beans (+ gravy which is not pictured)
Fideuá de Gandia, a 'variety' of paella with small noodles (fideos) and seafood
Pasta with Italian sausage
Stuffed Mushrooms and Shanghai Lumpia
Fried chicken in schezwan sauce. Wish I could make it look a bit more appetising
Hershey’s chocolate cake with cream cheese icing
Chorizo and avocado ciabatta sandwich
Buffalo Chicken Dip
Braised Beef Ravioli in a Mushroom Marsala Cream Sauce.
chicken noodle soup and grilled cheese.
Tonight's Carbonara! W/Pancetta
Chimmichurri ribeye steak
Cheesecake Factory miso salmon
Long-rise peasant bread (homemade) toasted with Asiago and cheddar, sliced Campari tomato, tarragon black pepper pickled red onion (homemade). Other side is toasted bread and cheese with a sunny side up egg done juuuuussst right (over easy-medium, well).
Fusilli pasta
Pan-seared tilapia with roasted asparagus and tomatoes and arugula salad, sitting in a fennel seed and lemon cream sauce with crispy garlic slices and sauteed peppers.
Slow-cooked chicken tacos with Mexican rice and black beans and corn.
gnocchi with a browned butter and sage sauce
Burger with beef, matured cheddar, pickles and homemade light garlic sauce.
Taiwan Beef Noodle Soup
Low carb pizza rolls
eggnog chocoflan
Challah for Hanukkah
this “Best Damn Cioppino in Town”
Kolay 💯Garantili Şekerpare Tarifi | 5 Dakikada Fındıklı Şekerpare Nasıl ...
Rolled Chocolate and Raspberry/Chocolate dumplings, with some extra chocolate on top!
Made some vegan cinnamon rolls
Dark rye Sourdough bread
bannana and salted caramel pankcake with cream and vanilla icecream.
Breakfast of champions, egg bacon and potato pancake sandwich!
Miso Tare Ramen
salmon with a side of baked sweet potatoes and watercrest salad
Hickory-smoke reverse seared tri-tip steak
Chili Quesadilla for my son
ham, egg, avocado, cheese breakfast sandwich with hash browns
Oeufs en Cocotte with smoked salmon and capers
Baklava Babka.
Double Cheeseburgers on deck!🔥🔥
A&amp;S French Toast Bagel with Nutella and Fluff
Pancakes with Nutella and fresh strawberries.. and coffee
Roasted Cherry Tomatoes with Onion, Garlic, Rosemary, and Hot Pepper
Croissant Loaf Bread | Crispy and Soft Thousands Layers Loaf
Eggnog Cupcakes
Sausage and Eggs
Tomahawks!
Carne asada fries
Cheese Tteokbokki
Protein Fluff
Pumpkin Pie Macarons
Bacon, egg and jarlsberg on a toasted bagel.
prime rib French dip with creamy horseradish
Watermelon Cucumber Basil Lime Salad
Cast Iron Pepperoni Pizza
hamburgers with Trader Joe’s sauce
This ice cream cone.
Duck rice with spices
Bulgogi Dolsot Bibimbap
hotteok korean sweet pancake
Split Pea with Sausage!!
Shrimp Ceviche Lettuce Wraps
Beef Stew over a fire
Egg Sandwich with Veal Meatloaf, Arugala, and Roasted Tomato
new-year-cake
spaghetti con spek e scaglie di grana
taro bubble tea (cold, blended, with boba)
The most beautiful apple pie I have ever made.
Salt cod fish cakes with green tomato chow
Brandied chicken wings
Stuffed bell &amp; hot banana peppers
Pizza "Alfredo" whit polpette (meat balls) &amp; mozzarella cheese
Almond blueberry raspberry tea cake
Brisket Totchos
Pumpkin, smoked scamorza cheese and sage Balls
these wings (so stuffed rn)
Macaron :)
https://ift.tt/2Ob6UFm
Sesame-crusted Salmon
aguachiles
Burger &amp; Fries
Braised short rib, with mushroom risotto and roasted green beans
Trofie
Almond Cake
Pizza with sopressa, Brie and grilled vegetables
My baklava rolls
Cheesy hotdog and kimchi fried rice
Everything Bagels
Piña Colada Tres Leches Cake
Gnocchi alla Sorrentina
Beef stew in a bread bowl.
PIZZA with 3 day fermented dough
Waffles with chocolate syrup and chocolate ice cream
Steak and veggie ramen with angel hair rice noodles...
Curd cheesecake.
Dutch Oven Sourdough Batard of 400g total flour &amp; 75% hydration: 10% wholewheat, 5% buckwheat, with 15g soaked milled golden flaxseeds
This birthday brunch
IPL 2021 Dates
Pizza topped with Roast Pork, Rapini, Provolone and Calabrian chili
Venezuelan-style sweet plantains
Creme Brulee
Chicken pie with carrots, peas, mushrooms and gravy innards.
My fiancée’s homemade “Bear-y matcha cake”!
Post-Halloween Pumpkin Waffles
Fiancé’s birthday meat cake.
Black Apron’s indulgent Dark Chocolate &amp; Vanilla Cheesecake, Honey Roasted Cashews &amp; Sticky Granola...incredible
pork banh mi
oven roasted chicken thighs, pan cooked broccoli and white rice cooked in beef broth
10,000 Calories worth of tacos
pierogi. Hopefully I didn’t let my grandmother down.
rolled ice cream. Pumpkin spice on the left and oreo cheesecake on the right.
Pistachio &amp; Walnut Baklava
Chocolate Chip Cookies for my Cake day!
French onion soup.
Wing sauces: (CW) Korean gochujang, Szechuan sesame and Thai peanut
A Chocolate cake! Ice cubes were edible, bottles were not!
Hot Honey Salmon
Green pepper and onion quiche
The Viral Singing Starbucks Customer TikTok Video Is Not What You Think - Newsweek
Venison Chorizo
The only stocks worth investing in. $CKN $LCRST
(or will eat...) On the rare occasion frozen sashimi tuna goes half off at the local super market, I buy a whole box.
Brownie with icecream :)
tonkatsu ramen with sous vide pork belly, pea shoots, housemade noodles, shaved brussels sprouts, black garlic, scallion, and onsen eggs (fresh from our chickens)
Fried Avocado with our Spicy Ranch Sauce
wholemeal macaroni
alfredo in a bread bowl
The Common Market Partners with World Central Kitchen to Feed Texans – Food Tank - Food Tank
I finally picked up a cast-iron pan, and us has revolutionized my steak game!
Korean Steak Bibimbap
Pickles, seaweed salad, pickled onion
Duck Gallantine
cabbage rolls; mince turkey, onion, mushrooms, egg, glass noodle.
Hot chocolate cookies
kimchi. Radish and turnip.
Stuffed delicata Squash and Grilled rib-eye with red wine reduction sauce.
Five healthy foods to eat everyday
Vegetable Japchae
Crispy Wonton Soup
Cheesy Gnocci
Onigiri
Turkish eggs.
Sandwich Cake (Swedish)
Blackout chocolate cake
Tea Loaf (a yeasted bread with orange zest, golden raisins, glacé cherries, and cinnamon).
broiled salmon with coconut sauce and avocado puree
Adjaruli khachapuri
Dùng Ớt Chuông Mặt Người để Nhồi Thịt - Thánh Nấu Ăn/Unusual stop motion...
the cutest burger i ever saw
Spaghetti and meatballs (homemade noodles, sauce and meatballs)
Raspberry Cheescake
Beef Bourguignon.
Whole Wheat Pancakes, Eggs with Spinach and Bacon
Salmon, roasted broccoli, and brown rice.
Deep Fried Mushy Pea Bomb With Scraps
Choco Marble Tea Cake
Chicken Pesto Pizza
Shrimp Tacos with cilantro-lime slaw and Baja cream sauce
Mexican Chicken and Rice
Grilled rockfish
Chicken Katsu paired with Roasted Asparagus and Bayleaf steamed rice.
Spiced Breakfast Hash
Grilled porc belly, caramelised with ginger and garlic
Super Cheesy Lasanga
dry aged beef burger
Chicken Wraps with Salad
ice-cream cake
Shredded Chicken BBQ &amp; Buffalo Sliders
Stir-fry of beef n water spinach in Shacha sauce
Ritual Donuts
Berry Clafoutis
Pumpkin cheesecake, salted caramel, sweet &amp; spicy roasted pecans.
Hot Chocolate Cookies
Fried chicken thigh sandwich
BREAKFAST Recipe Morning Time Easy Breakfast Chana Recipe
Corned Beef Brisket Simmered in Guinness with Spicy Mustard and Cranberry Sauce with Roasted Potatoes, Carrots, &amp; Sprouts
omelette with bread
Chicken Welington, sautéed greenbeans tossed with lemon zest, crispy roasted okinawan purple sweet potatoes.
punkin' pie
Poached eggs on baguette with prosciutto &amp; truffle butter
California Burgers
Tofu spring rolls with peanut butter hoisin dipping sauce
Linguine tuttomare
Food Pantry Network of Licking County raises its game during pandemic - The Newark Advocate
Vegetable torte
Christmas berry pavlova
Made a beef stew for supper. It was pretty good :).
Pineapple Salsa
Vegan avocado BLT I made last night. Third price of bread is hidden in the middle.
Bacon right off the smoker
My $GME Tendies
Fully cooked Pig Snake. Aka boneless Cuban style pig served with mojo made from fresh Naranja Agria.
Sweet Potato and Black Bean Enchiladas with Pineapple Habanero Sauce
Nikuman
Pumpkin Macarons
Nutella babka with homemade Nutella
Smash Burger
Carrot cake 😊
Carnitas street tacos
Crunchwrap w/ chipotle lime crema
Chilli con carne with a baked potato
Turmeric Chicken Curry with Curry Leaves and Red Chilies
eggs in a basket
Deep fried shrimp with a side of Mac &amp; Cheese
Pork Fries
Pancakes with maplesirup
Real Ramen
Fajita Burger with Guac and Sautéed pepper and onion
Air Fried Potato Snack
Pretzel Pita Pockets
a poke bowl
Spiced ground turkey burrito
Shawarma fries
Reverse sear NY Strip with mushroom risotto
'Gobbler' Ramen
Ribeye steak and fries with homemade coleslaw.
Beef Korma
Baeckaoffa
Momofoku’s Bo Ssam (via Goldbelly)
Burgers on buns I baked
Twisted Potatoes!
Cookies
Crispy orange beef
Lasagna with handmade pasta
Eggs Benedict with bacon and garlic potatoes
Pork Adobo with egg
No-bake Snickers cake
Fast food pizza ranked
Quail deviled eggs.
Frito Chili (with ground pork, fava beans, chickpeas, and some veggies)
Glazed Donuts
Bone Marrow, sourdough &amp; Oyster Mushrooms.
Chicken Tenders with Mac n Cheese and Collard Greens
Pulla - Finnish coffee bread
Turkey meatball sliders
taco night with homemade feta-avo crema, pickled red onion, charred sweetcorn, spicy chicken and topped with sriracha Mayo
Seasonal Squash Cake for 5 years here!
Pulled Pork Tacos with freshly made tortillas
Butterflied seared chicken breast topped with prawns and a garlic, seeded mustard, white wine and cream sauce over rice.
Invented a pasta sauce. Pesto, turmeric and dijon compose most of it. Delicious!
40% whole wheat sandwich loaf
Cacio e pepe
my favourite breakfast
Garlic and Rosemary Country Boule
wheat and barley bread
Sausage Egg McGriddles
grilled beef rib roast
reindeer hotdog on sourdough bun with mustard.
Cow Shaped Macarons for the year of the ox!
Karaage
Bami with Chicken from Suriname
share
a chicken chimichangas
cinnamon swirl, and everything bagle seasoned Challah
Sunday breakfast scene
brie burger w/ honey mustard and rocket leaves
Dinner Rolls.
Thai duck noodle soup
Nutella drip cake with Nutella buttercream and Nutella ganache
Full English breakfast
Hawaiian-style fried rice and garlic chicken.
Zucchine Fritti Con Un Contorono Di Marinara
Greek Salad Wreath
Pistachio cheesecake
Chocolate Pecan Pie
BBQ jerk chicken, brown rice &amp; beans, mac n cheese &amp; sweet plantains
gluten free roll cake
Maple, Bourbon, Toasted Pecan Baked Apple with Whipped Cream
Quesadillas, Fries, Sliders and Chicken Tenders Platter
Cheeky chocolate cake from Shopkins for daughter’s birthday 3 three years ago
Lemon Cilantro Chicken soup
Chocolate chip cookies 🍪
Daniel Gritzer’s Shrimp and Gruyere Grits with bacon and mushrooms.
Eggs, slow smoked pork shoulder, pico, queso blanco on jalapeno tortilla.
a homemade breakfast Crunchwrap
Heart shaped sugar cookies with royal icing
Sausage &amp; Broccoli Rabe Frittata
Butter Fried Vegetables
Biden secretary of state nominee Blinken agrees China committing 'genocide' in treatment of Uyghurs. Takeaways from his confirmation hearing - USA TODAY
Blueberry pancakes.
Pepperoni Pizza, Fresh Bread and Hot Chilli Oil
bulgogi nachos
Smoked babybacks and grilled corn
Munchies
Saucy Udon with crispy tofu and ginger-sesame shiitakes
Honey Walnut Shrimp with Noodles
Scrambled Egg Whites
Chocolate cupcakes made by an 8 year old ❤️
diner style sausage, egg, cheese
Late Valentines with my partner, Beet Gnocchi with butter sage, parsley and mint pesto, sunflower sprouts and parmigiano reggiano❤️
Brazilian garlic bread.
Scallop and Mushroom Risotto
hangover breakfast. Fried Chicken biscuit with sawmill gravy. Roasted potatoes and scrambled eggs
Viral Video of Belarus Dictator Alexander Lukashenko's Life of Luxury Sparks Outrage - Newsweek
sand biscuits, family recipe since 1749
pizza with my new pizza oven
corned beef with spicy noodles!
My 14 yr old went Albacore Tuna fishing with daddy out of Ilwaco,Washington yesterday. I made these tempura battered fish tacos for dinner with homemade pico de Gallo and fried tortillas. Mwa!
Spring Onion Keema (Mince Meat)
- Potato hash (from binging with babish)
Avocado, Spinach, and Cheese Sandwich Spinach with Caramelized Onions and Aioli on Sourdough
Hot Cocoa with Marshmallows, Cocoa Powder, and Sprinkles (for color)
Tonkatsu and sesame cabbage slaw
Italian bread about to be made into grilled cheese.
Fennel-Orange-Salad with Mozzarella and Hazelnuts
Ube White Chocolate Chip Cookies
Korean beef and garlic sandwich
Dungeness crab braised in coconut milk and stir fried with ginger and scallions
You Won't Believe 😰| Making Grilled Meat Skewers from CREEPY THINGS Insi...
Butterflied Lobster Tail on Spaghetti in Tomato Sauce
rather my son ate a double double when only ordering a double. He's on top of the world!
Whipped pumpkin spice coffee with  syrup
Sushi Bake
Chicken Fettucinne Alfredo
Fried Potatoes with Porcini Mushrooms on Fire Recipe
Fajitas filling
Dalgona coffee
Birthday Pancakes for brekkie (:
Seafood Bake
a Red Velvet Milkshake
Pepperoni, sausage and basil pizza
Curried Sausages
Potato bread
Victoria sponge cake with fresh cream and homemade strawberry jam! :)
Chorizo breakfast burrito
Chicken fried rice in wok wok
Baked Ham Sandwich
Chinese chicken wings
Twice Fried Buffalo Wings with Blue Cheese Dressing
chicken over rice halal with extra white sauce and hot sauce
Thai Crab Fried Rice
Persimmon upside down cake
Surf n Turf
Pepperoni &amp; Cheese Pizza
Smash patty burger with an Aussie touch
Sausage rolls
Braised lamb shank over roasted garlic whipped potatoes and haricot verts in a warm bacon vinaigrette
steak dish
Fried chicken, coleslaw and corn fritters
Carrot cake with cream cheese frosting. Additional walnuts everywhere. Bonus: Chai.
1/2 Maple Praline 1/2 Cookies &amp; Cream Cheesecake
s'mores pie
Chorizo Carbonara
Cayenne Pepper, Mint and Shallots Pasta Shells
Broccoli beef
fromage spinach chicken julienne.
this double smash burger
Hawaiian fried chicken
Sourdough Bread
upgrade instand pizza
Grilled cheese sandwich with beef, bacon, onions and fries
Air-fried Ribeye Steak topped with scrambled eggs
i followed up until the decoration stage, and added semi sweet chocolate chips near the end before putting them in the tin:)
Chicken paprikash before the sour cream
Grazing board with smoked mussels, three kinds of cheese, cheese bread, pita crackers, hot peppers, pickles, olives, smoked mussels, grapes, pecans, roasted beets, and jams
Beef Stir Fry
Bought a smoker and gave it a try; now I'm hooked! 8 pound pork shoulder smoked for 8 hours.
Texas police officer charged with murder in shooting that sparked protests - NBC News
B.L.T. Eggs Benedict
chicken and dumplings
CANDY CONCOCTION
Samosa (Indian Snack) with Mint Chutney &amp; Ketchup
Steak tacos,
Danish with homemade strawberry jam and cream cheese filling
Tonkotsu Ramen with Chasu
Steak, creamy potatoes, bearnaise and feta salad
Apple pie. Not the prettiest, but it was amazing
Fluffy Chocolate Pancake
frog cake
Những Biện Pháp Xử Lý Rác Thải Nhựa Đúng Cách
Munich Helles
Thanksgiving tasting menu
Rigatoni with sausage, eggplant, and broccolini.
Spicy Dry red chili Thai Curry
Spam Oreo Burger; couldn't fly to China to pick one up so decided to make it myself as a treat for spending Christmas by myself. It's delicious. I'll definitely make more with the rest of the spam.
Chocolate Popcorn Pie
Lady made rice cooker pancake cake, this morning. Regular recipe, but in the rice cooker, 45 min later.
shrimp bowl with spicy mayo
Three Pepper Tuna Sashimi
Christmas roast
Camping ham &amp; cheese omelet in a bag
Tubetti with peas and guanciale
Pizza Rollups
Buttermilk Biscuits and a White Claw
(I made) fried green tomato snack board. What do y’all think?
Bao Buns
Lemon blueberry vertical cake! Definitely an amateur, but pretty proud!
gnocchi with tomato sauce, steamed broccoli and some mozzarella
Tortilla de patatas (Spanish omelette)
Tenderloin and chanterelles
Smoked rib roast, gouda, hot pepper bacon jam brussel sprouts and onion with horseradish bbq sauce pizza
Layered brown sugar cranberry jam cookies with dark chocolate on top.
Seared Scallop, Tomato Truffle sauce
Beef udon soup, salmon cucumber rolls, shrimp shumai, smashed chili garlic cucumbers, and matcha green tea
Harissa chicken tortillas with pickled cabbage and garlic yogurt sauce
Covid-19 Live Updates: Mexico's Death Toll Grows to World's Third Highest - The New York Times
Branston Pickle &amp; Cheddar Cheese Puff Pastry
English Breakfast in India.
Sweet Potato Hash
Meringue Hawthorn Buns
Chicken Pozole with cabbage, onions, and radish on top.
Yoghurt and Lemon Syrup Cake
beef and potato croquette with herb and garlic butter.
The New Jack In The Box Chill Cheese Burger With 6ix9ine 😍
Chow mein and prawn toast
spinach and artichoke dip with French bread toast
minestrone soup with crouton and salsa garnish
Shake Shack
Grilled Pork chops with Mango-Pomegranate Salsa and Purple Cauliflower Purée :)
- Pulled pork pressure cooked for 20 minutes per pound on a bed of leeks and onions, with sea salt and steak rub is stir-fried on a sizzling bed of yellow and orange peppers, freshly minced garlic and parsley is embedded last, and liberally sprinkled with turmeric and sea salt.
Chocolate orange Babka
Dino-Nuggets Curry. Inspired by the top post
Flatiron carne asada streak
Ultimate chocolate dessert
Street Food :)))
Sun-dried tomato and onion rolls
Patty Melt with grilled onions
Salted caramel Bundt cake
Red(ish) Velvet
Deep Dish Pepperoni Pizza
Eggs Benedict and French Fries
Body of Christ Soup
Double cheese burger
Paella 🥘 with chicken and chorizo.
Mac n Cheese
Spanish style pork, mexican rice, corn on the cob with teriyaki and sriracha sauce
pavlova I got on the specials at my work
Blueberry Lemon Bread with Glaze
Pesto And Goat cheese pizza and Almond Mozzarella pizza
Surf and Turf Burger. 😋💛
Tuna Steak seared on Himalayan salt block
Bagel Dogs
Butternut squash soup with crispy sage and prosciutto paired with a heirloom tomato, burrata, and crispy prosciutto salad
sausage, provolone,onion, &amp; broccoli rabe covered in provolone cheese (air fried)
Veggie Soup Hot ‘n’ Sour
Parboiled then roasted in chicken fat potatoes. Sauce is a mix of greek yogurt, barbecue, mustard, honey, hot sauce, thousand island, grated garlic and grated cucumber.
caprese with heirloom tomatoes
cheeseburgers
pregnancy steak salad. with pasteurized feta, over done steak (counting down the months to being able to have medium rare again) avocado, broccolini, and a citrus vinaigrette. Honestly, it was so random but so delicious.
Baked Mac &amp; Cheese
Tuna croquettes with lemon-gerkin tartar sauce
Shrimp, buttered rice and salad
Watermelon Soju-Infused Shaved Ice
Glazed Doughnuts
Lamb Rack on the Smoker recipe
Cilantro Lime Chicken garnished with green onions cause I ran out of cilantro...
Appy Platter
Fried Chicken &amp; Waffles with Lacquered Bacon + Honey Butter Glazed Biscuits
Jerk chicken  with coconut rice and pineapple salsa
Pork Chops
Stone Fruit Terrine w/ Seared Foie Gras
, Matloa
Grilled Black Bean Breakfast Burrito
Mac &amp; Cheese with Shredded Smoked Short Ribs
Steak, green beans, sweet potatoes.
mushroom and Calabrian salami pasta with ricotta.
sea salt caramels with love
the infamous Japanese Soufflé Pancake - light, airy and oh so delicious.
Jumbo lump crab cake, w/ crab mac &amp; cheese and side buffalo-caesar salad
spaghetti alle vongole
Chicken Empanadas
Beef Roast dinner
Beef Noodle Stir-fry
caramel
an amazing charcuterie board my date made on the beach.
grilled red snapper, sardine, peppers and onions
Lamb chops with asparagus and mushroom/leek risotto
Taiwanese popcorn chicken
Stir Fried Ramen Noodle
slow roasted ribeye roast
Tarte Flambée with figs, feta cheese, walnuts and honey
Onion rings- easy and crispy. Just made with flour, rice flour, baking powder and water
tomahawks and new york strips
Chicken Cupcakes
Delicious roast duck
IND vs ENG 1st T20: India struggles, Eng 125 to win, Follow Live Updates - InsideSport
chicken and waffles at TUC Craft Kitchen, Vancouver
this emergency food
hot roast beef sandwich
make flat bread thin crust pizza 🍕
Nashville style hot chicken wings and yeast waffles
Chocolate Chip Salted Butter Toffee Cookie
prime rib and them
Sweet Potato Souffle
green coconut lime curry over Marscapone risotto. My idea of fusion!!!
Moroccan Chicken Tagine
BBQ Weber, whiskey chips, smoked, lamb, potatoes.... One more hour to go
Made some fermented pineapple mango scorpion hot sauce
vegetables stir fry
Slow Smoked Pork Ribs
Vegan chicken wohoiii | just kidding I mean no harm
Pot roast over garlic Parmesan mashed potatoes.
Grandma's cake
enchiladas, beans, &amp; rice!
pigeons in the field on the bbq after shooting them
I made a ribeye steak in food class today and i am really proud, hope you all enjoy
baked salmon, brown rice, &amp; cucumber-tomato salad
Hershey's chocolate stuffed pan de muerto
my anxiety cure: cast iron pizza with whole milk mozzarella and Italian sausage
Maritozzi, sweet cream Roman buns
Blood orange dessert bars
Brown pilau rice with dhaal (lentil curry) and roti
Chicken hyderabadi
Cajun Fettuccine Alfredo
Keto breakfast. Eggs, chopped bacon, arugula, avocados and green onions!
""15 minutes and 10 ingredients provide you with over 225% of your daily RDI for Vitamin C.
Poached egg on whole wheat bagel/cambozola cheese
Gnocchi with pesto made from my garden!
Wagu &amp; Brisket burger with thick cut bacon, homegrown tomatoes, onions and cheddar cheese.
Bacon cheeseburger with spicy pickles, onions, and thousand island sauce
Fudge with Toasted Coconut, Chopped Pistachios, Sea Salt and Sprinkles, and Peanut Butter.
shola.
Chocolate Chip Pizookie
Korean gochujang crispy baked tofu
Instant noodles salad
Fried Mac and Cheese Balls
Cajun Shrimp and Lobster over Gouda Cheese Grits
Apfelstrüdel
Japanese ramen
Southwest salad with parmesan-crusted chicken and fried jalapenos
Bacon and avocado on toast
Meet the Ramsay basketball player behind the backboard-breaking viral video - AL.com
Tagliatelle al Ragú
Brownie base with vanilla mousse and chocolate ganache. Decorated with pears braised in orange-vanilla syrup, and honey roasted cashews.
Shoyu ramen with crispy chicken thighs
Ribeye, Garlic Mash'd, &amp; Broccoli
Chocolate Banana Bread
Dog Meat Hot Pot for Dinner 😋
Reverse sear NY Strip, Spinach scrambled eggs and hash
- Braised Cod Peperonata #jimsgottaeat
Free Pizza for a Year by Dominos
donuts
Cheesy Baked Potatoes with Bacon &amp; Onion Springs
Roasted Butternut Squash Soup - roasted with onions, shallots, garlic and herbs
Black cod, evoo butter beans, pickled chantrelles.
Nothing better than  Super Crispy Hash Browns, sliced avocado, perfectly poached eggs, and a super creamy hollandaise sauce! In love with this dish! All I need is my mimosa and I’m all set! ❤️😍🍴https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=oedN2azfn6M
New Orleans French Bread - Po 'Boy Bread
this homemade pumpkin truck cookie I bought at a craft show
steamed corn
Zucchini Lasagna Roll-Ups
Birthday Pizza
Pistachio Ice Cream sandwich French Macaron
meatchurch Nashville hot chicken sandwiches for Sunday lunch!
Pickle brined buttermilk fried chicken tenders
{Homemade} Beef stew
Tofu stir fry.
Everything fried on a cast iron is AMAZING✨🤤
Frank's Red Hot Pickled Eggs!
My second attempt at a roast, cooked in red wine and garlic with lots of rosemary. It came out beautifully (though I would have preferred it more rare).
Everything bagels
3kg Roasted Lamb leg
? Saw this yesterday. To me, that hotdog really looks like a dick 🤣
Porco Alentejana with deshelled clams
Chicken heart taco on flour tortilla, with cilantro, white onion, and spicy salsa.
- Egg and cheese on sour cream and onion biscuit
Birthday Cake for My Mum!
50/50 Classic Detroit style pepperoni and Thanksgiving leftover pizza
Knish, pastrami, spinach and blueberry
fresh kimchi (겉절이)
Cheese Burek
Za’atar Focaccia
pierogis from DeKalb market hall
Veg Onion Pakora Recipe | Onion Pakoda Recipe | Vengaya Pakoda |South Indian Snacks
Spicy Tofu Mixed Noodles
Cream of Mushroom Soup
Beef Ribs for Dinner
Baguette
Yummy Chinese Dish
Nanaimo Bars
Please help: food delivery research homework
A meter long rib with salad
hashbrown and egg for Saturday breakfast
9th  attempt to re-create a port wine and butter reduction sauce that I used to get at South Park Bar &amp; Grill (long since closed) in San Diego 2008-2010. Any help from anyone remembering it would help! Still can’t get the taste just right.
Carrot Cake with Cream Cheese frosting
Kari Ayam Kelapa
‘Deadpool’ Obsessed Kid Can’t Stop Interrupting Teacher in Viral Video - Fatherly
Shrimp &amp; Grits: from Bobby Flay's Bar American cookbook
Bruschetta salmon w/caprese salad
Dragon Meat Pie (for DnD game)
Sea Urchin pasta with salmon roe
Toasted Pumpkin &amp; Sunflower Seeds Mixed In With Oven Heated Triple Cream Brie Cheese... Served with Raincoast Oat &amp; Cranberry Crackers As Well As Ryvita Rye Crispbread (Red Quinoa &amp; Sesame)
Carbonara with pancetta instead of guanciale
warm lobster rolls for New Years!
I tried making  Nashville Hot Chicken including baking the buns. I used thighs for the chicken because I prefer it over breasts
Why It’s Falling To You—And Not Your Government—To Decarbonize The Food System - Forbes
Jagerschnitzel with butter roasted potatoes.
Neapolitan Chorizo and Roquito Pepper Pizza
Made this (it’s blueberry waffles and bacon) 👌🏼👌🏼👌🏼really good ?
Grilled cheese on sourdough and homemade tomato soup
Baked gnocchi with chorizo and mozzarella served with homemade sourdough
Onion rings and lasagna.
Korean Chili Pepper Wings
veggies, noodles , chicken broth, teriyaki egg. Made for my waifu she wasn't feeling to good.
Slow-roast gochujang chicken with potatoes
Pork Wellington
sausage, egg, and cheese on toasted white bread
All butter pie crust I made for my brown butter and honey pumpkin pie.
Spaghetti alla Trapanese
Chicken with green vegetable
Walking Taco
basil and garlic eggplant
Traditional Moroccan couscous with 7 veggies
South African Bunny Chow, Mutton Curry with Potatoes loaded in 1/4 White Bread.
Pizza with everything bagel flavored crust
Marvellous açaí bowl with fresh fruit and nuts!
Fried rice covered with an omelet
Gajar Ka Halwa  (Indian Carrot Sweets) aka Instant Diabetes
Roast chicken with horse radish sauce and bulgar puck.
Pasta with sautéed chicken and peanut sauce
For "" Meals &amp; Fine Wine. Come And Join The Fun Every Wednesday Evening!!!
chicken stir fry. Delicious
(Homemade) Chicken noodle soup with yellow potato chonks
I just started an onlyfans page @theesamuelnelson where I review fan requested food from various places
Kluna Tik's Revenge | Eating AMONG US in real life #1 - Game Tik ASMR mu...
vietnamese beef pho
Hand pulled noodles in a miso broth. Finished with black vinegar, scallions and and chili crisp!
ASMR Comiedo - Eating PACMAN in real life | Kluna Tik style / Mukbang fo...
Roasted Rack of Lamb
Turkey Tenders, w fried broccoli and cranberry dipping sauce
Birthday cake (giotto and selfmade nougat)
fried cheese, cured pork and eggs for breakfast
NYE Porchetta; “homemade” not entirely accurate because we got this already seasoned and tied and we just cooked it
Briyani with sambal eggs
Bao’s Taipei Butter Rice with Dry Aged Rumpsteak
Prime Ribeye, sous-vide reverse sear
squid
Gnocchi alla sorrentina. 🇮🇹
Chocolate Souffle
Boeuf Bourguignon.
Oatmeal &amp; Date Breakfast Brownie
This delicious sushi.
Local honeycomb
pan seared scallops and roasted green beans for dinner
this chicken gyro platter
Harvest ziti
breakfast waffles
Sausage and Ricotta Frittata
castiron biscuits and gravy 🤤🥰🔥
Enchiladas with beans
Tereyağlı çörek
Roasted lamb, spinach, mushroom, onion and feta cheese egg white omelette
Chicken fried steak with a side of roast meyocos
Yemeni Chicken Mandi
Lemon herb salmon fillet wrapped in puff pastry, lettuce n purple onions w dressing of anchovies, cracked black pepper, balsamic vinegar, evoo and shaved Parmesan
New York Strip in cast iron
Venetian style conchiglioni, stuffed with courgette, onion and bechamel sauce, topped with bechamel and pecorino. Side of garlic and parsley ciabatta.
grilled chicken thighs and legs
creme patisserie filled donuts
Chocolate chip cookies with chocolate milk
Brisket chili breakfast slinger
Fried Chicken, greens, Mac.
new to making pie. I think it turned out pretty well :)
slow cooked pulled pork with maple and smokes chipotle chilli, mashed avocado, salad, coleslaw and goats cheese with black pepper
Cinnamon Swirl quick bread.
Chocolate covered nutter butter cookies
Tomatoes, Sausages, nice creamy potatoes!
Strawberry Banana Smoothie | chilled | very easy &amp; tasty
brownie with hazelnut
Chocolate Sponge Cake
Cajun Chicken Pasta
Chicken Biriyani
Gnocchi with Mushroom Sauce, Spinach, and Parmesan
My MaLa chicken sandwhich with schezuan honey butter and fried shallots
Boneless skinless chicken thighs
SL vs ENG 2nd Test Day 1 Live Updates: Matthews hits steely half-century to steady Sri Lanka innings after early setback - InsideSport
Raspberry Lamington Cupcakes
Nan-e Barbari, Moraba Havij
Philly Cheesesteak and Peach Cobbler
Chilean Mote con Huesillo
At Dhamaka, Indian Village Food Comes to the City - The New York Times
taco salad
Chicken and bacon burger with guacamole and chipotle mayo
birthday cake
Hot lemon pepper chicken wings with a side of creamy, baked macaroni &amp; cheese
Chocolate croissant bread and butter pudding with vanilla ice cream
prawn spaghetti
sous vide pork chop
Masala vada recipe | Dal vada recipe | Paruppu Vadai | डाळ वडा | Crispy...
Black Forest Cake | Malayalam - ""
strawberry waffle
quesadillas with cocktail sauce
Chicken Curry using Korean curry powder
Fried Shrimp Po-boy (with remoulade and mint slaw) ⚜️
Apple Butter BBQ Baked Beans
pie
Garlic, lemon and butter shrimp and bacon and chicken sausage collard greens
Preparing  stuffed pork tenderloin for tonight
Beer Bread is EZ bread, but delicious!
pancake cake 🍰
cake
Chicken Parmigiano
Burgers, sweet potatoes, steak and asparagus. All grilled.
Sous Vide NY Strip
Marinated Chicken Tacos w/ Spanish Rice &amp; Pico de Gallo
Quesadilla-ish taco.
Easter themed, nut shaped cookies with caramel filling
Oatmeal M&amp;M Blondies
this beef Wellington I made tonight for family!
Red Snapper w/ couscous
Gochujang Lasagne, Korean Italian fusion
smoked spare ribs and mac n cheese
New Years Eve Pasta Trio, with steak and Chimichurri
Ahi and Beet poke with Ponzu pickled veggies served with Sambal spicy mayo
Coconut shrimp
Rotisserie chicken skin, peeled off and baked again. Super crunchy heavenly delight!
Carrot ginger soup with smoked sausage
Lemon cheesecake
salad
Bacon Quesadilla
Moroccan Harira Soup
Birthday carrot cake
Chocolate bread pudding
coxinhas de frango (brazilian chicken croquettes)
Corn beef, cabbage and potatoes.
Messy pesto meatball bun
churros
Potato Wedges
Short rib dinner
Pork and beans
Chocolate covered Oreos.
Milktea
Omelette wrapped in crispy shredded hashbrowns, topped with chipotle sour cream
Parisienne Mac ‘n’ Cheese
stir fried tofu
Gyoza. Never made them before but they’re were amazing.
Strawberry Shortcake
BBQ bacon wrapped ground beef/Honey mustard, ranch, and hot sauce dip.
Baked Chicken with Biryani (rice dish)
Pork and Chicken Adobo with Fried Rice
Korean Stir-Fried Fish Cake : Eomuk Bokkeum
Korean Corndogs!
Salmon Coulibiac
- Spicy Chicken Sandwich
, Cabbage Balls Fry for Kitty Party
Christmas Dinner - Roast Chicken, Pierogi &amp; Green Beans
Chicken Fingers
Pan fried Lemon Sole with garlic, olive oil, lemon and parsley dressing + cannelli beans with onion, peppers and mushroom!
- Smoking ain’t easy!
Latkes
Gulab jamun
Marinated Chuck Roast, Penne Marsala, and a Green Salald
Turkish style poached eggs
Lemon, Carrot, and Turtle Cake
Egg stew
southwest flank and steak, yellow rice, street style corn, pickled onion, fresh pico de gallo
Banana, carrot and walnut muffins
Vegetarian stuffed peppers. Mmmm
roast potatoes
big mac with bacon
Slow Roasted Coconut Curry Short Ribs
Chocolate Cake, with a twist!
Matcha Panna Cotta in a White Chocolate Shell
Pumpkin Stuffed with Everything Good
Shredded BBQ Jackfruit sandwich with homemade coleslaw and hot sauce
Korean Beef Tostadas
Mongolian beef.
Pork hormone, stomach, womb, jowl, adam’s apple and rectum..
Gently scrambled eggs with freshly chopped habanero pepper, and a side of thinly sliced English cucumber
Pork Chops with Potatoes and Honeydew
Cacio e Pepe with Portofino Yellowfin Tuna and Crushed Red Pepper
Greek Yogurt Dough Pizzas
Better-Than-Sex cake
Petite Meatloafs with Vegetables
Bacon Wrapped Meatloaf with creamy mashed yukons, peas and carrots.
Turmeric-Spiced Whole Roasted Cauliflower
Cinnamon-Vanilla French Toast, Banana and Mascarpone Cream
Pizza with home-pickled banana peppers, fresh Basil, feta, black olives, and tomato
plant-based Thanksgiving meal!
Colomba Casatiello Pastiera NAPOLETANA ARTIGIANALE
Fresh noodles w/ chicken in onion soup broth
"Pulpo a la Gallega"
Ingrediente INESPERADO Para Prato De Batata Doce Grelhada😧: FERRAMENTAS ...
Hotdog tasting platter
A Philadelphia roll
Larb with green apple and pickled shallot
Fresh tagliatelle with whisky sautéed scallops and anise liquor sautéed gambas
mountain pies and roasting’ weenies in Upstate NY.
Brown sugar rubbed French cut pork chops with a cranberry/red wine sauce
sous-vide reverse seared prime Picanha
Caramel Popcorn
Ghost pepper and pear pulled pork
Lacto-fermented cowhorn chili hot sauce.
Grilled Red Jalapeño Peppers
Roasted Nut-filled Apple with toffee and vanilla ice
carbonara
Chilaquiles con huevos in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico
Steak with Pickled Garlic and Onion Grilled Cheese
Beef cheeseburger with gruyere cheese with a side of fries and salad
Sweet Japanese Omelette
Basic Meets Bougie
dark chocolate chip cookies
Pallea
Biden Won’t Penalize Saudi Crown Prince Over Khashoggi’s Killing, Fearing Relations Breach - The New York Times
Choc Chip Cookies
Tomato Basil Garlic Butter Sauce with Chicken Thighs
Minecraft birthday cake!
Skolebørd minus the coconut.
Turkey Lasagna!
Reverse seared Tri-tip
Pizza cake
Chicken Parmesan sandwiches
Fish and Chips with Tartar dill sauce
Red penne chicken Alfredo with a homemade charcuterie board and side of garlic bread
Thai Chicken Curry with Spinach &amp; Red Rice w/ Quinoa🍃
- Beef Chilli
My Mushroom Biryani
Chicken mole enchiladas
Spicy Dry Rub Chicken Wings.
Pork lion with fennel gravy
Scones  for Fika
Strawberry jam
Double crunch wrap supreme
Hummus Platter
Coq-au-Vin Pie
Lemon Bars made girl waste 8 eggs 😑
Il rafano nero per iniziare l'anno con leggerezza. Forse ci sono state ugualmente, grandi abbuffate familiari in conclusione di un 2020 a dir poco difficile, per consolarsi o per abitudine.i
Pop Tart ice cream sandwich with rainbow cookie ice cream
White fish sandwich
cucumber with yoghurt dressing
Bengali Style Dal Puri Breakfast Recipe in Telugu బెంగాలీ స్టైల్ దాల్ పూరి తయారీ
fresh egg pasta with flaked salmon in a creamy lemon sauce
Scotch eggs with tzatziki
Leftover carne asada and over medium eggs.
Cheesy Chicken Katsu with Curry sauce over rice
Vanilla Cake, SnowMan Cake Pops..
Roasted BBQ wings, deep fried garlic salt wedges, salad
Chili Cheese Dog
sourdough pizza with homemade mozzarella, pineapple, pepperoni, red onions, and a hot honey glaze.
WaffleHouses Grand Slam
Yangnyeom Korean fried chicken and fries
actual Mexican Street Tacos
Blueberry Sour Cream Custard Pie
Crab Bánh Canh (Vietnamese Rice Noodle Soup)
air fryer donuts 😋
crispy bacon burger with “Mac sauce”
best moussaka recipe
Arabic food
Black Plum, Prosciutto, Bufala Mozzarella
Birria Taco
Peanut butter cream pie with homemade Oreo crust, whipped cream, toasted peanuts and Oreo crumb on top!
Potato Soup with Bacon
Skillet Chicken &amp; Biscuits
Mission to test the swarm of satellites Technology - BollyInside
this delicious jambalaya also r/Food! Could you help me with my food project?
Lemon poppyseed + Thai basil loaf with candied lemon peel!
Double layer cheeseburger nachos
A Fried Feast of Cod, Chips, and Clam strips
Easy Chicken Butter Curry
venison bourguignon with pappardelle pasta
🍰How to make a ""Christmas Cake for your family
Ribeye Steak.
slow cooker corned beef
Cheesy Sundried Tomato Basil Pasta With Chicken
Turkey Roulade, AKA Turketta
Pulp Fiction’s The Big Kahuna burger by Binging with Babish
Waffles with bacon and maple syrup.
chocolate cake for the day of love
Eggs in Purgatory
my super easy steak nachos.
Murgh musallam
omelette by a 14 year old
smartie chocolate cake with ice cream
Domino's Fluffernutter bars
candy yams and macaroni ☺️
pasta with crisp prosciutto, peas and grated parm.
DEGUSTATION MASTER AUVERGNAT Burger King la vie qu'il est bon
eggless chocolate muffins with banana...
Buttermilk Roasted Chicken
Mum made Hainanese Chicken rice with soup
Tiramisu Porn
Crepe with Ricotta, Honey and Toasted Almond
Prime rib roast for Christmas
herb stuffed, sous vide pork tenderloin with polenta, peas, and charred lemon
My take on the Bigfoot
Blueberry and Lemon Mascarpone Slice
Grandma's Lasagna, my dog can't stop drooling
Chocolate cupcake with salted caramel frosting and caramel powder
Frog Legs
Plain cheese pizza
pasta alla nerano
Swedish Meatloaf
Gingerbread Temple/Pagoda/Tower
Ribeye steak and fries with Homemade coleslaw.
Broccoli pie with goats’ cheese
Sauteed Salmon | Shallt Thyme Beurre Blanc | Roasted Vegetable Couscous... i ate it very quickly
Poke bowl - Tuna, quinoa cucumber, wakame, radish, avocado, mango and spicy mayo
Sweet N Sour Chicken
Mexican tacos
Hand rolled soba noodles with a ground sesame dipping sauce. Paired with burdock tempura and a mixture of arugula, onion and shrimp tempura :D (13 years old)
Salmon poached in a Dashi Shoyu broth with a side of palak chaat.
6 Layer Lasagna &amp; Chicken Caesar Salad
Because it was just three of us this year we did Steaksgiving. Got these from Australia
Scallops in Dashi-Pea Puree
Corn chowder with chile, lime, and cotija
Steamed har gow, baked japanese sweet potato, raw tangerine. Accompanied with straight Japanese whiskey.
Gochujang salmon
spatchcock chicken with french green beans
"" French baby bread
Paradise Park's Small BMZ Pizza
I made an anniversary dinner for my parents. Lemon garlic chicken, pan fried potatoes, and lemon grilled carrots.
An In N Out Double Double &amp; Animal Style Fries.
Standard Cheeseburger
Oklahoma-Style Onion Burgers
blueberry muffins and apple cider I also had some coffe
Garlic Butter Mussels and Fries, Tel Aviv, Israel
Mascarpone Ice Cream
Cheeseburger and fries
Nobu miso black cod &amp; shitake wild rice with sautéed bok choi, served on seaweed
crispy pork belly for viet-Cajun banh mi.
Korean steamed egg is a light and fluffy dish that works for both breakfast and as a side dish. In this episode I'll also show you how to make a Korean style dashi and toasted shrimp oil for on top.
Seafood Broil.
Soft Scrambled Egg with Caviar Canapé, Scallop and Caviar Crudo, Truffle Panna Cotta with Crab and Caviar
máy xay đùn thịt công nghiệp JR-32 thế hệ mới xay thịt tốt hơn, máy xay khỏe, thịt ra nhuyễn đều mà ít xảy ra hiện tượng kẹt thịt hơn. Chất lượng và chính sách sản phẩm tốt nhất với BẾP ĐỎ. Cùng tìm hiểu chi tiết về sản phẩm này để có sự lựa chọn tối ưu nhất. Năng
turkey wings, cheese stuffed potato croquettes and onion sauce
10.5 hour slow-cooked carnitas with arbol-guajillo salsa
Egyptian Ghorayeba
Burgers with 4 cheese
Chicken Tikka Pizza with added curry leaves
Chicken and aloo biryani
surf and turf with ny strip, lobster, skillet mac and cheese, and asparagus
Mejores Envasadoras al vacío ""
Smashburger
Cast Iron buffalo chicken pizza with homemade dough and sauce
salmon with dill and butter
Spinach salad with Bleu cheese, pepperoni, and Funyuns.
Eggs, Bacon and Fruit
Beef and cheese enchiladas
Teriyaki salmon, vermicelli noodle bowl
Nashville Hot Chicken!
fresh hot donuts at the Fractured Prune donut shop in American Samoa!
Prawn Tempura
Reverse seared Filet Mignon
Spiced apple pancakes.
Honey Garlic Prawns with stir fried veggies
bacon breakfast burritos
Dark Chocolate Banana Bread
Rainbow cake : coco and white chocolate
Chicken Roulade on Mashed Potato
Mini banana oatmeal loaf made in a skull pan I got for Christmas
Savoury Indian Puff Pastry
‘Myntra Logo Offensive Towards Women’ - Gulte
Alla Panna with homemade fettuccine
Pork belly Lettuce and Tomato
Rabo Encendido (Cuban Style Oxtail Stew) W/White Rice
Jacket potatoes with peas
Krompirusa
Brown butter Cardamom Spitzbuben
sushi!
noodle soup with seasoned egg!
King Grape. Hail him in the comments.
Smoked ham and cheddar frittata.
Handroll Sushi Sampler
Chocolate-glazed babka
this Can’t even name everything here. Just let it sink in.
Cheescake
make cake by my self,not bad yet ！
Made some tonkatsu :)
...well, I like Pretzel Day.
Thanksgiving Turkey!
- I ate a Vegan Kebab and it was amazing!
bruschettas with shrimps
fresh mozz 75% hydration overnight ferment in blackstone oven for 90 seconds
Eggs Benedict with crispy bacon on Turkish bread
Mixed Shawerma Ramen
The ole razzle dazzle. Some reverse seared ny strips action. Baked taters and some green beans.
RIBS
Honey-Garlic Chicken Thighs + mixed vegetables
Matcha Swiss Roll Cake
Chicken veggie broth from saved scraps!
Ddeokbukki 떡볶이(spicy korean rice cakes)
+3lbs Tomahawk Ribeye
Banana and blueberry American pancakes with maple syrup
Konnichiwage burger, gravy dipping option
Browned butter, pecans, hazelnuts, and chocolate chip cookies
breakfast sandwich w/ cinnamon raisin English muffin, sharp white cheddar, fried egg, and sausage patty cooked in maple syrup.
Lobster alfredo over seasoned rotini pasta, steamed broccoli and garlic bread, with reduced lobster and wine sauce for bread dipping
Slow cooked beef curry
Grilled Grass-Fed Organic Ribeye, Cinnamon Sugar Sweet Potato &amp; Sliced Tomatoes
Bone-in Ribeye
Pork and Haggis Sausage Rolls
Asian style Coconut Macaroons
Crispy fried egg on hot and spicy peanut sauce ramen noodles
brunch
Chocolate Muffins Recipe
Finally figured out bread
mascara""
salmon with caviar and apple sauce
Grilled Flap Meat
Red chili oil using shallot, garlic, ginger, Sichuan peppercorns, black cardamom, star anise, clove, cinnamon, urfa chili powder, chili de arbol, and toasted sesame seeds
raindeer file, chanterelle sauce, roasted jerusalem artichoke and raw lingonberries
blueberry cheesecake, cherry cheesecake, peanut butter pie, and pecan pie after 2 plates of dinner.
pancake tower/mess with blueberries
Black Chickpeas kababs with tomato ketchup.
Double cut pork chops with crispy skin
Vegan Crunchwrap Supreme! Trying to eat more plant based and this was incredible. Recipe in comments.
German Stollen
Margherita Pizza w garden basil
Pan seared Salmon with White Rice and Parsley.
fried pickles
Fusi istriani
tacos like that TikTok girl made
Hashbrowns, Fried Eggs, &amp; Sausage
Just some veggies about to be cooked up.
Lasagne al forno
BBQ
Salmon ochazuke
caramelized onion and triple cheese quiche. Topped with lots of black pepper. Smelled so good a raccoon came to my door.
smoked brisket, candied bacon, Cajun mac and cheese burrito
lemon blueberry cake with whipped mascarpone frosting, lemon curd, candied lemon wheel, and fresh berries
coconut chocolate macaroons
Slow cooked osso bucco
Sweet chili cheese Dorito fried chicken with spicy avocado dressing
Salmon Pokè Bowl! It was delish!
challah bread
Ethiopian food is everything.
Salem’s new Fork Forty Food Hall has something for every palate: Gerry Frank’s picks - OregonLive
Kangaroo Ragu
Masala Garlic Naan.
Turkey Pepperoni pizza
braised oxtails
USDA Prime NY Strip Steak.
Smoked Turkey and Sausage Gumbo
Grilled pizza with BBQ sauce, red onion, cilantro, jalapeños, and grilled chicken.
Steak, baked potato, onion rings, and green beans.
BlackGarlic
Salted Caramel Cheesecake with a Pretzel crust I made over the weekend.
American Wagyu Ribeye with Pan Fried Asparagus and Garlic Mashed Potatoes
Saag paneer, stuffed aloo tikki, chicken korma, naan, and cous-cous (no basmati)
B&amp;H Dairy whitefish salad sando (NYC)
A perfect dinner mix of some corn, cpk frozen pizza, and some  spaghetti
Chicken Korma
I made Creamy Cheesy Shrimp and Grits with Bacon
Eggs Benedict three ways.
bucatini with bay scallops and vodka sauce
My best friend made a wedding cake for her her sis today and I think it’s beautiful!
Peanut Butter Pan-Bang Cookies
Tincture of Queensfoil
Made breakfast who wants sum!!!!
Crab curry with betle leaves, roasted river prawn, poached cockles, spicy ‘seafood’ dip.
Charcuterie Smorgasbord
Hawaiian style shrimp
Top stories of 2020: Q4 - GSMArena.com news - GSMArena.com
A giant egg
Breakfast Shakshuka
Russian Borscht
Ancho-Coffee Rubbed Ribeye with a Bone Marrow Bordelaise
Juicy cheeseburger
Chicken parmigiana, sugo rosa penne, pancetta asparagus, and garlic bread
wood fired Ribeye steak with Brussels Sprouts
Molgapodi Idli (flavoured rice cake) with green chilli and coconut chutney
Bolognese with Tagliatelle
vanilla cake pops. Say hello to my little friends!
scallops in an orange cream sauce
Shawarma!
Mushroom and ricotta tortellini with browned butter and sage
Babkallah
waffles, cream cheese, chorizo, egg!
Sticky Bun/Cinnamon Roll Bars w Walnuts
Shredded Pork Soft Tacos!
Larb
Garlic butter steak with creamy pasta topped with Parmesan baked asparagus and a side of buttery parsley potatoes
Lamb Curry With Rice.
Mac and Cheese!
Southwest Quinoa Salad
I decided dinner tonight would be Italian sausage sandwiches.
Blueberry and hazelnut cobber
pan pizza, courtesy of Babish’s recipe!
Sweet potato casserole with marshmallows and candied pecans
Armadillo eggs
Tonka chocolate cake, Le kolač, Zagreb
Huevos Rancheros
chocolate spring roll desert
r/aww has a Discord server
Homemade Coconut Toffee with 2 ingredients..””
layers of my burrito
DILG to probe viral video of man seen being beaten and forced to surrender his kariton - CNN Philippines
soft shell crab poboy.
Campfire Grilled Fileted Bratwurst &amp; Baked Beans
Fried Ramen and Vegetable Roll
Flourless chocolate cake with chocolate ganache.
Еще один тортик
Variety of Cake Pops with dark chocolate, white chocolate and ruby chocolate
Chocolate Cake
Korean Rice Cake (Dduck)
I heart fried rice
Salisbury steak, gravy and cheddar mashed potatoes.
Fruit Salad 🍉
pork belly, comtè and truffle Mac &amp; cheese, a light after gym snack!
Boiled Egg Mayo Sandwitch
Pommes Dauphine | French Potato Puffs 🖤 served with Green Chile Aioli.
Hello guys, I am an entrepreneur and started selling organic mexican coffee online since 2019 but with this pandemic I am about to lose my business. Need your help  to increase sales .
Pistachio Cake
Creamy Jerusalem artichoke soup with roasted brussels sprouts, pumpkin seeds and dill oil
CEVICHE
Lightly breaded pork chops pan fried in olive oil, green beans seasoned with bacon fat and garlic and freshly sliced tomatoes
al pastor tacos! 🥰🥰🥰 hubby approved
apple pie with extra flaky crust and lots of cinnamon
Chinese steamed pork spare ribs
An onion burger
"Polar Affogatto" shaved snow @ Vampire Penguin
Fresh Norwegian Bouillabaisse take away
Spicy Tonkotsu Ramen with Chashu Pork
Pizza Margherita con bufala
Mac and Cheese with Rye Croutons.
egg cheeseburgers with reggae sauce on tiger bread served with seasoned fries
Smoked a corned beef brisket (basically pastrami)
Salmon cooked in the oven
Hot Dog Girl in the Night Market│Taiwan Street Food
Ken Forkish’s 24-Hour Pizza Dough cooked on a Screaming Hot Baking Steel
Donburi
Mijoté de joue de bœuf with red Sancerre sauce, Hasselback potatoes.
Full-ish english breakfast.
Irish potatoes
Stuffed Pepper with Beyond Sausage and Vegan Cheese, with a side of Baby Potatoes
Fettucini Alfredo pasta with Garlic toast - Vegetarian
Crunchwraps!
chocolate chess pie
Holiday Cookies!
quiche with salsa, sour cream, and cilantro
USA Buttergate My butter does not soften at room temp
Chocolate covered strawberries
Beyond Burger and French Fries
Farfalaj
my f^rst ever layer cake!!
the birthday cake for our little girl
I was finally able to pulled it off. This is real deal carbonara with Guanciale, bucatini pasta and NO cream or butter.
Steak, asparagus, pasta | Before/After
Breakfast For 1
Risotto alla milanese
Double cheese burger
wee beef burgundy pot pies
Potato And Cheese Knishes
Spicy Calabrian Chili Pasta &amp; Meatballs
I was watching a youtube video about steaks... And i asked my chef is there a way to make sou vide steak without sou vide machine. He told me try a dishwasher so i did it came out amazing...
Chicken tikka masala pizza
Running out of breakfast ideas, Here is simple and healthy breakfast recipe.
Spicy king prawn linguini
Viral video appears to show woman doing aerobics after coup takes place - Fox News
Sliders three ways
Chocolate Tea
Beer infused Brownies
St Viateur bagel and lox
Wagyu shortrib smoked over oak and apple lumpwood charcoal.
Thanksgiving turkey with cornbread stuffing!
potato stuff bread
Cheesesteak Sandwich
Pumpkin Spice Cake with Maple Cream Cheese Buttercream and Candied Pecans
Mapo eggplant and garlic green beans
Grilled Chicken Salad
Meringue Nests w/ Lemon Curd
smoked pork spare ribs
chocolate tahini babka buns
yakisoba stir fry
Guilt-free Brownies!
Extra fries not exercise
Chicken Biryani.
Pelmeni/Пельмени
Salted caramel flan
BBQ Rib Sandwich
Kani Salad!
Shio ramen, lacks in presentation but excels in flavour
Filet mignon with roasted garlic butter, mushrooms and spinach with cabernet reduction, and ranch roasted potatoes
Ramen with extra cheese and two eggs...at 10:30pm 👌
a fish taco!
Grazing board
mini chicken pizzas, mini chicken burgers, mini hot dogs and pani puri
chicken panini
I simply call it a Southwest Breakfast Scramble
Venison Shepherds Pie
snow crab legs and baked potatoes
Grilled red tilapia on passion fruit and rice wine sauce
gyro &amp; truffle fries
chocolate cake with buttercream icing
Lamb, fried rice , roasted peanuts and peeling duck for dinner.
. All vegetarian, but the cookies contain egg whites.
croquembouche
Lobster Risotto.
smoked brisket and mac and cheese
Achiote grilled rabbit, rabbit mole negro, dirty wild rice, avocado and sweet pea puree, pickled shallots
Gnocchi al pesto, my favourite Italian recipe
orange chicken
Coronavirus News LIVE Updates: India reports 13,203 new cases, total active cases at 1.84 lakh - Moneycontrol
Pirozkis
Beans with tomatoes sauce and onion, homemade pork sausages and dill
Broiled peaches for homemade icecream
Tofu Ramen
Smash burger and curly fries
supper tonight (cheddar potato soup and bread sticks) :D
Soft pretzels
This video is amazing if you love kitchen tools and crafting things
Hailam style braised noodles with chicken, seafood and veggies
9 hour cumin, cayenne seasoned roasted/shredded pork shoulder. Accompanied by avocado, poached egg, and over long grain white rice.
a Crunchwrap
Chocolate Birthday cake
This marinade is my favorite chicken dish...👅
Fish Taco Bowls
“”pot roast. For dinner tonight
coconut curry
Coconut Chessecake Pina Colada Pie
Thanksgiving dinner sandwich
Casserole. Mashed potatoes, fried chicken, veggies, and cheese!
Honey-glazed duck roast
Honey pecan Brie En Croute with chili flakes and cranberry spread
Vegan Yorkshire Puddings
21 oz Ribeye
Falafel and Hummus with a salad
Chicken PizzaAustralia's Playing XI for 4th test: Paine confirms, 'Pucovski ruled out, Harris to start Aus innings with Warner' - InsideSport
Pancakes 🥞
chicken tandoori ♥️
green chicken tikka
Friday Night Lent seafood
Durian!
sushi/sashimi platter.
Tournedos Rossini, pommes frites persillade, blackened Brussels sprouts
Tortilla De Patatas
chicken wigs, spaghetti with weenies, stroganoff over powdered mashed potatoes. Lunch from my work cafeteria.
Sushi!
Baked Salmon with side of Sautéed Asparagus and Red Cheesy Potatoes
zucchini boat
Cajun Cream Garlic Shrimp Pasta
Mango Pancakes
Benedictine Eggs
Olive bread
Tofu Buddha Bowl
chicken curry with basmati rice
Cinnamon rolls with some cream cheese frosting.
Salad and Chicken, rice bowl with peppers and onions
Mini Triple Layer Matcha &amp; Hojicha Basque Burnt Cheesecake
Viral video: Ostrich races on Pak roads after escaping from a zoo - Times of India
Baby Smoked Oysters
Chicken and waffles jalapeño-lime butter, smoked maple syrup
Cheesey Ham and Jalapeno Strata
Salami &amp; Provolone panini on sourdough, with shredded lettuce &amp; white onion in olive oil, vinegar &amp; oregano
Green onion pancakes!
Chicago Style Deep Dish Pizza
Pork baby-back ribs made in “Ninja Foodi”, box mac n cheese, brown sugar and honey pan seared carrots.. sue me
Filet steak with mashed potatoes and a salad.
Büche de Noel - Christmas Cake
Italian delicacies
Double cheese burger with 3:1 bread ratio
Giant (13 inch) Dutch Baby
Japanese Stir Noodles with Bacon bits and Scrambled eggs
“Italianish” Pan Bread with cheese, tomato sauce, pepperoni, soppressata and basil
Spicy Tantanmen (Dan Dan-Inspired Ramen)
Buttermilk biscuits.
Feijoada &amp; Pao de Quiejo
chilli con carne.
Bone-in Ribeye
Best healthy Food to Eat
Pulled short rib on fettucine with mushrooms, shallots, garlic and thyme.
Slow cooked red beans and rice with smoked turkey legs.
Heading to uni soon so decided I'd cook up one last feast for the family last week. Creamy tuscan chicken, chickpea salad, homemade cheesy garlic bread and garlic buttered sweet potatoes.
Deep Pan Pizza
Hungry during online class
Lamb Shanks
Donair Detroit Style Pizza
Cherries and cream gelatin mousse "cake"
Lasagna with beef cheek ragu
Popeyes chicken sandwich
vegi-cheese Sandwich
Garlic lemon shrimp, tomato bacon spaghetti, baked garlic bread
Mac Daddy Burger  at the Indytute
strawberries and Champagne chocolate cake
Cabbage Soup and Grilled Cheese
Chicken kiev
pollo al horno
Cream puffs with fresh vanilla pastry creme
kimchi pancake
Cornbread, sausage, and oyster Stuffing
Pork chop, potato gratins and corn and peas
Butter Pumpkin Chicken Curry and Garlic Rice
butter chicken with vegetables, yogurt and lemon
Pan Seared Scallops, Braised Short-Ribs and Broccolini
Wagyu and Lobster Thermidor
Pork Katsu w/ Katsu sauce
Char grilled chicken, roasted potatoes, and fresh salad.
BBQ Chicken wings
Tomato Pasta with Parmesan and Green Onion
Tradition Dutch Oliebollen (oil balls)
Chana masala with cilantro-lime rice and garlic pita
Botifarra catalana amb mongetes
Chocolate and salted caramel birthday cake
Checkerboard cookies
Birria Taco with Consomme
red beans &amp; rice with andouille
Lime strawberry
Salt and Pepper Fried Flounder
Glossy, fudgey brownies.
Spooky pumpkin spice cake!
Applewood smoked prime rib, baked spaghetti, and salad w/ blue cheese.
Steak Dinner - One pan seared, two pan seared then in the oven for 6-8 minutes 🤤
torta invertida de damascos.
Mangomisu
Slow Cooker Creamy Tortellini Soup
Ramen with chicken, basil, cilantro, green onion and some perfectly cooked soft boiled eggs!
'shmallows, anyone?
home cooked Christmas turkey, 27-28 mins/kg, to get the best tenderness
vegetable chow mein
Homemade sushi for dinner today😍🍣
Fish and chips
Rice, Pisto and some Chimken
avocado fried to perfection stuffed with ceviche
Gnocchi cooked in a brown butter!
Chicken Rice Noodles Soup
Large Debris Over US City As Plane Suffers Engine Failure Mid-Air - NDTV
Fried cauliflower " rice " w. fried tofu, asparagus, corn, garlic and scrambled egg
Beef Tostadas with rice!
Deer tenderloin
Smoked Pot Roast
Boiled shrimp
Dragon roll, dynamite roll and seared salmon roll delivery. All bogo.
Greater Pittsburgh Community Food Bank to benefit from 2nd Feed the Need Radiothon - TribLIVE
Sinigang baboy buto
Nutella cupcakes.
Lox Avocado &amp; Cream Cheese bagel sandwich with Sausage, Home fry and Egg skillet bowl
Zucchini Carrot Latkes
Thai Basil Rolls 🤤
orecchiette n pork ragu
Swedish "Biff Rydberg" with Wagyu beef
Back to school lunch ideas
Homemade dumplings from Chinese cuisine
Belyashi / Беляши aka Meat pies.
Edible Gold - tortellini w/ sausage and ricotta filling!
Broccoli-Pasta-Gratin
ribeye and some salad
Chewy Chocolate Chip Cookie, Is Good Or Not
Meatball Pizza
Butter Chicken &amp; Basmati Rice
shawarma with veggies, garlic and persil sauce
Pozole w/ all the fixins.
wild mushroom risotto with diver scallops
Buñuelos de viento
Mahi Mahi fish taco's
Rib Eye &amp; Tequila Lime Shrimp
Burger &amp; Fried Potatoes /Belgian Beer
Pagnotta Loaf
food made by me...
Spaghetti stuffed garlic bread
kashmiri alu dum
Handmade Garganelli
Slice of Berry Pie.
Pizza bagels on some bagels I made for cheat day...featuring curly fries.
Chicken wing &amp; a sandwich on this Bloody Mary
Roasted Split Chicken Breast, Smashed Garlic and Parm Potatoes, Herb and Lemon White Wine Sauce.
carne pizzaiola
A nice beautiful cheese stretch.
A perfectly imperfect French fry.
mozzarella sticks
Korean Naeng-myun (Cold buckwheat noodles)
Chole Masala
Saffron milk Recipe
Salmon sashimi, poke, veggie stir fry, Miso soup
Spaghetti Bolognese Arrabiata made with San Marzano tomatoes, onions, chili peppers, and basil and oregano from my garden. The other ingredients were store bought. And then I devoured it.
Le craquelin brioche au sucre
Slow-Cooked BBQ Chicken with freshly made coleslaw
Turkey Arrabbiata
Vietnamese Salad Rolls with nuoc mam
Sunday dinners aren’t complete without Yorkshire Puddings
PIZZA with burrata &amp; bolognese Ragù _ baked in home oven
Bread, empadão de peixe and walnut cake in wooden oven.
Garlic Mayonise
so-tteok so-tteok (korean grilled sausage + rice cakes on a skewer w/ a chili sauce)
Charcoal grilled scallops, Kobe beef sirloin, air fried potatoes, and flame charred asparagus
Buttermilk fried chicken burger
https://ift.tt/2Y4SuID
Canned chili nachos
Ramen with teriyaki grilled unagi, topped with furrikakke and fried onions.
taco-ish salad.
Poached egg over a crumpet with crabmeat, spinach, hollandaise sauce
Pizza night over here!!! Pan pizza edition. Came out GREAT!
Potato soup.
cinnamon buns
taco night for dinner
Greek Moussaka.. needs few extra steps but it's worth it!
Mexican Chicken Burrito
thick cut French toast with bourbon infused pecan and maple butter, and brown sugar
Steamed fresh Prawns with Eggs.
Good ol’ fashion American breakfast
Birra Brisket tacos with consume.
https://ift.tt/3oXI1KU
philly
Made some ribs
Seasoned and steak shrimp with white rice and broccoli
Scones with jam and cream
- Sous Vide lamb with herb and garlic butter, butter fried green beans, oven roasted celeriac and browned butter flavored with sage.
pan pizza
Afghan Aash 😋
Deep fried pork bellies
Tomato Basil mozzarella and A Mushroom Pizza
Spinach and tomatoes quiche with pineapple kielbasa
Mexican stuffed peppers and guacamole
Garantita (Algerian chickpea pie)
bbq ribs
Bacon hash and eggs
Cast Iron Dutch Oven Cheddar &amp; Hickory Smoked Bourbon Gouda Mac &amp; Cheese
thanksgiving dinner
Flatbread Board
Mushroom onion pizza
blueberry donuts
My try at a charcuterie board
Ribs
Pizza still in the wood fired oven
Bagels
Garlic seared Tuna and Japanese Chicken Curry Omusubi
steak lo mein
Cincinnati chili
My Japanese wagyu A5 preparation....
Aglio e Olio
Blueberry Cheesecake
Among Us Cakeroll with chococream
Tostadas
sourdough bread
Anyone else stuff their meatloaf with pickles? To this day I feel it’s a bizarre tradition, but I have always loved it!
Bucatini Carbonara with Guanciale
Pizza Omelette
Strawberry Tart w/ Port Glaze
Pide with hash
Pretzel rolls
Chuck Spaff gave me his Bean Bash recipe from his new book on The BIG HOUSE HOUR Podcast on Spotify
Turkey sandwich on homemade bread with homemade cranberry sauce aioli
Lamb dumplings
Best Tikka from Peshawar Pakistan
Garlic Fries
Pork ribs and beer
7 pound prime rib rubbed with my own steak rub, smoked with mesquite and apple wood for 3 hours and basted with smoked garlic butter every 30 minutes.
champignon mushroom and speck risotto, simmered with Refosco wine.
cooler days call for pot roast
Fried Honey Buffalo Wings
Crockpot stuffing
Festive sourdough bread
Pizza is like a woman. Do not let it cool down...
Crispy French Fries
Buttigieg brings #TeamPete to the DOT - POLITICO
Sujuk
Finnish Karjalanpaisti
( homemade) red velvet cake
Parrillada Argentina
Burger and steak fries

Filipino garlic fried rice with eggs.
Pizza days are my kind of favourite days.
Molasses Cookies
Please Subscribe to my youtube channel. Everyone keeps saying that i won’t make it and i won’t be nothing in life. I want to prove them wrong🙏🏾 Please Subscribe https://www.youtube.com/c/Chrissoslick
A carrot cake
Western style bacon cheddar burger with onion rings and sweet honey bbq sauce. With some curly fries!
BBQ Platter
Braised Beef Short Ribs.
Mutton curry
mini cinnamon sugar biscuits with icing
Burger: homemade brioche, homemade ketchup, gruyere and homemade rosemary mayonnaise. Patty medium rare, added only salt. Threw baby rucola for some color. Perfection!
French Onion Soup, with Homemade Bread.
soft shell crab Po boy
Pulled jackfruit Badal Jaam...
samdwich
Cheese scones topped with Branston Pickle
Roast chicken, stuffing and acorn squash

Egg BLT sliders
Foie gras beef don
My special burger with wild mushrooms, blue cheese and caramelized onions in a sweet potato bun.
homemade cheeseburger with homemade green mayonnaise, grilled onions, grilled bell peppers and an egg on top.
Butternut Squash Ravioli
Buddha bowl
Beer brats and broccolini
Spaghetti Aglio e Olio
chicken parm sandwich on a hamburger bun
canelé
Uovo in Raviolo with roasted garlic and  ricotta filling, topped with black truffle oil and parmesan cheese
Burnt cheesecake
Thai Massaman Chicken Curry
chicken soup with orzo
Birthday Porterhouse
Steamed Char Siu Bao
Ramem
Kaluah pig, salad, Mac ‘n pineapple
Dijon steak with zucchini pasta.
Wagyu Filet, twice baked potato, roasted heirloom carrots
North Shore Beef 3 Way
Mission-style Al Pastor Super Burrito
banana bread
Pumpkin Fondue
Followed Sam The Cooking Guy’s recipe and made a rib eye with rich sauce (shallots + garlic w/ cream, Dijon mustard, and Worcestershire sauce)
Braised short ribs
Oi tudo bem
sous vide rib eye with blue cheese cauliflower cream, caramalised pears and walnuts
Carribbean Shrimp Fried Rice
Fried Fish Tacos
eggs
Cronut
Blueberry muffin cookies
Matcha Roll Cake
gluten-free caramel apple pie waffle.
Sausage Egg Mc Muffin. If you don’t put your hash brown in your sand which , you’re doing Mc Donald’s wrong.
A variety of breakfasts on holiday.
Frozen Pizza And Frozen French Fries
Pepperoni Calzone
pulled chicken breast and spinache
pies for Thanksgiving
Best Butter Cookies!
Coffee rubbed Venison
Croissant french toast with toasted pecans, granola, powdered sugar and pancake syrup
A5 Wagyu Filet Carpaccio
Penne pasta and garlic bread
Ina Garten’s Fried Chicken
Cauliflower, Pasta and Béchamel bake
banana-pancakes
bread pudding with brioche and croissants
a filet mignon sandwich
a taco box
Chicken Ramen
Half black pudding, red chili and honey pizza : Half red pesto chicken with red pepper
Halo-halo
Gingerbread/Christmas macarons. Been practicing a lot lately and pretty proud of these guys.
baby romaine salad with sunflower seeds, shaved parmesan and balsamic vinaigrette
https://ift.tt/3iURoJi
Scalloped potatoes, pan seared salmon, and broccoli
Quiche with chicken, mushrooms, and cheese
Pumpkin Pasties, Jack O’Lantern and plain ol’ Pumpkin style.
my attempt at a soufflé
Grilled pork sudzuk (sausage) with sautéed potatoes and chutney
Cinnamon Buns with Vanilla Frosting
8 hour pork bone ramen with 24 hour marinated eggs
tortellini
burgers and snacks
meal
Grilled chicken with rosemary, garlic, smoked paprika, Kashmiri chilli
Rack of lamb with roasted potatoes and yams.
Chicken &amp; Chorizo vodka pasta
Pad Ka-Prao
Grilled rack of lamb (Excuse the char)
Home made Pascualinas (spinach and egg pies)
Lima beans, stewed okra, and jalapeño cornbread
sushi🤤
Thai Chicken with Basil
Pancake Day in Lockdown...
Pasta Sauce
Thanksgiving Dinner (with a chicken) apple crisp not pictured
Pumpkin, Pumpkin Spice, Hazelnut and Salted Caramel Bonbons in a Gold Chocolate Shell
I made pizza with curry marinated chicken and veggies
How to make Baklava
sandwich | Half veggie half meat
My version of Budae Jjigae, no cheese because lacto
compound butter with thyme and garlic
I  Caesar Salad.
Roast Chicken with Schmaltz Fried Potatoes
New York strip, redskin mashed potatoes and bacon green beans
Beef Nachos, Guacamole, Sour Cream, Pico de Gallo and Monterrey Jack Cheese
The mighty grill burger
mushroom quiche with cheddar crust
Chimichanga
Cheese Tortellini with Basil Pesto and Grilled Salmon
Spicy garlic Shrimp
coffee eclair
Fried rice with prawns, bacon, and vegetables, boiled dumplings of pork, chives and clams
Spicy Fried Chicken Sandwich
Sausage and egg muffin
raw bar display
sweet omelette
Mushroom, Fresno chili, deli ham, and topped with pan-fried Cotija cheese.
Vanilla pannacotta brain, with a cranberry blood glaze and marzipan eyes
Pizza Prosciutto
Dumpling, stuffed with cherries, sprinkled with breadcrumbs roasted on butter and tropical fruit sauce, prepared by my 87- year old father. Masterchef is his favourite TVShow.
Chicken parmesan cutlets, with homemade marinara, over rotini
Coronavirus news highlights: Karnataka reports 784 new Covid-19 cases, 6 deaths - Deccan Herald
Fritters with Red&amp;Green Chilli along with Carrot-based Sweet Dessert
Alfredo and garlic bread
Peanut Butter Granola
The cake I made for my grandpa’s 80th birthday.
- Chicken and Rice Soup with Garlicky Chili Oil
Giant Crunch Wrap
Herb butter roasted turkey, BBQ baby back ribs, mashed potatoes with turkey drippings gravy, sausage herb stuffing, 3 cheese mac (seriously sharp cheddar, gruyere, and smoked gouda), and honey balsamic brussel sprouts
I ate my wife's carrot cake 🎂
Pork Back Ribs
Sourdough chocolate chip &amp; walnut cookies
Matcha Layered Cheesecake for Matcha lovers
calzones
Lamb Chops and Tzatziki
Chinese Peppers and Char Siu on Rice
Tomatoes Cream Cheese Swiss Rolls, fresh hard cheese, local smoked bacon, cherry tomatoes, black olives and radishes
Multicolored carrots with fresh goat cheese
INDIAN STYLED MAGGIE GARNISHED WITH CORIANDER LEAVES.
bagels! I followed the Babish recipe
Pan fried chicken with sautéed veg and sweet potato.
Bacon and Egg Croissant Sandwich
Máy cưa xương, cắt cá đông lạnh J210 là dòng máy cưa xương mới với hiệu năng sử dụng cao, điện năng tiêu thụ thấp, dễ sử dụng, thích hợp cưa xương, thịt cá đông lạnh… Sản phẩm được sử dụng phổ biến tại các nhà hàng, khách sạn, quán ăn, cơ sở chế biến thực phẩm.. #máycưaxươngj210
Ketchup (seriously) further details in comments!
smoked pork shoulder and cheddar sandwiches
Bacon Egg N Cheese McGriddle
chocolate caramel trifle
This bacon &amp; chorizo breakfast burrito
False Porkroast
Confit then fried Buffalo wings
are cheeseburger quesadillas a thing? lol. they were delish!
Hot Pot
-Apple pie.
Knife cut chinese noodle
Mcdonald's Spicy McNugget and Mighty Sauce as a burger
Beef with goat cheese and bacon
Korean army stew (budae jjigae)
Explained: Why are petrol, diesel rising? - The Indian Express
Char siu pork shoulder
Geschnetzeltes on Spaetzle with Spinach Salad
This is a Nutella triple treat
sous vide beef tenderloin with blue cheese crust, parmesan crusted asparagus, garlic mashed with red wine/balsamic vinegar reduction
Miso Ramen with Soy Glazed Cornish Hen, soft boiled egg and mushrooms
Boodle fight for seafoods with the fam
Bacon cheeseburger with potato salad
bagels for breakfast sandwiches to kickstart two weeks of graveyard shifts!
Oatmeal raisin cookies
steak sandwich that I'm proud of.
Egg pro
Shrimp and Goat Cheese Risotto. Haven’t made it in years.
Ramen with Pork, sesame, Eggs and Pakchoi. 🐽
Poke Bowl
chocolate hobnobs
mushroom fired rice with roasted mushrooms 🍚
Oeps 🤷🏻‍♂️ (fish curry)
Sugar Pumpkin Spiced Muffins with Cinnamon Roll Chunk on Top!
Beet Berry Salad in a Glass | Drink Salad Smoothie
Beignets
Delicious Blueberry Lemon Cake
Alien Fruit
Broccoli and Potato casserole
The only carrots I’ve ever grown myself and the only carrot cake I’ve ever made which I used my homegrown carrots for.
2021春树嫩芽花凉拌，消火解毒美味一起来尝尝吧/Fresh flowers delicious
Food Trucks Are Steering Around The Pandemic, And Getting A Friendlier Reception - ForbesGiant panda cub Fu Bao clings on to zookeeper's leg in viral video - BBC News
Oatmeal Raisin Cookies.
Haggis Eggs Benedict
Simple Fried Chicken and Pancakes for my cheat meal/brunch
Pecan maple and plain butter maple tarts.
attempt at Japanese themed crêpes
Chicken tikka masala with homemade naan
quick and dirty banoffee pie
salted chocolate chunk shortbread cookies
Surf, Turf and Earth
My mom made this in 10 min, super healthy "dhokla".
Cherry Mousse Dome
"" Grape or Aple?
Gigante bean and kale soup
Filipino Breakfast Wraps! Sinangag (Garlic Fried Rice), Tocino (Sweet Cured Pork), Longannisa (Spanish Chorizo), Fried Tilapia, Eggs, Scallions, and Sweet Chili Sauce in a Flour Tortilla.
Lamb Kidneys and mushrooms on Toast, red wine mustard cream sauce and housemade salt rising bread. Sorry for the repost, here's a clear pic
Thanksgiving Leftovers Turkey Enchiladas
Fettuccine Alfredo with Chicken and Broccoli
Baklava
Taiwanese dumplings
Teriyaki wings and garlic butter fries
ICE CREAM BOWL
Poutine flight (butter chicken, mushroom, pulled pork &amp; gravy)
Marble Brownie Cheesecake
Dossa Pizza
Green Spaghetti
Suckling pig cooked by the butcher in a clay oven
foot loaf
Roasted Brussel Sprouts + Celeriac with  Spinach + Walnut Pesto Spaghetti...
Sausage Balls!
Smoked baby back ribs
Sweet &amp; Spicy Korean Fried Chicken Wings
Haloumi-Maultaschen Burger
Quick 30 min pho
Misozuke cucumbers and other veggies. And potstickers with lao gan ma.
grilled chicken cheeseburger
mandarin orange pizza
Arugula, marinated artichoke hearts, homemade red wine vinaigrette and sunny-side-up egg.
Crème brûlèe
Seared Turkey tenderloin
Porkbelly Bao Buns
Sriracha, Polynesian Sauce, Horseradish, and mustard tuna sandwhich
crispy fried dumplings and sweet chilli sauce
Drippy cheeseburger with onion, pickles and special sauce
Seared Ribeye Wagyu A5 Steak!
Pierogi in progress
Moroccan Berber couscous
Viral Video Shows Barstool Sports’s Dave Portnoy Witness Car Thief Escape Chicago Police On State Street - CBS Chicago
Loaded Fries - Bacon, minced onion, zesty ranch and cheddar/pepperjack sauce
chocolate covered drizzled strawberry and chocolate covered coconut shavings strawberry
Green Eggs and Ham
Rice with chili and cheese
Blood orange. Buratta. Lavender. Coriander seeds. Basil. Nopi
Grain Fed 100 Day Angus Ribeye
Chicken Tacos with Chilli Sauce &amp; Charred Corn.
Jacques Pepin Chicken Ballotine stuffed with Spinach, garlic, lemon zest, italian cheeses, and bread crumbs
Smoked Corned Beef Brisket Reuben
Chip snackbar with guacamole, chip dip, and salsa
Ground Beef Bulgogi Bowl with Kimchi and Steamed Egg (Gyeran Jjim) for dinner.
Pollo Alla Birra
Smoked Chicken
How to stay cool during summer
Pizza 🍕
Farmers market haul, baguette, blood oranges, lions mane mushrooms cooked in truffle butter.
vanilla cake with chocolate and pumpkin spice frosting
Yorkshire Puddings
7 Cheeses Farfalle n Cheese
Vegetable/protein Buddha bowl
vegan and gluten free let's see if it all tastes like the real thing.
Spring rolls with cabbage, bacon and carrots
